RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Hakluyt, Principal Navigations, MacLehose ed. (Glasgow 1904) vol. VIII, complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/principalnavigat08hakl/principalnavigat08hakl_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

WELLESLEY  COLLEGE  LIBRARY 

\ PRESENTED  BY 


ft/se  H/Vz?    ^0£i.on^  thy   oneAM  " 

LIBRARY    OF 

KATHARINE      LEE     BATES 

BEQUEATHED    TO 

WELLESLEY    COLLEGE     *4^a» 


\^%S\\ 


The  Principal 

Navigations  Voyages  Traffiques  and 

Discoveries  of  the  EngUsh  Nation 


In  Twelve  Volumes 
Volume    VIII 


GLASGOW 
PRINTED     AT     THE     UNIVERSITY      PRESS     BY 
ROBERT   MACLEHOSE    &'  COMPANY    LTD.    FOR 
JAMES     MACLEHOSE    AND    SONS,    PUBLISHERS 
TO    THE    UNIVERSITY    OF    GLASGOW 

MACMILLAN    AND    CO.     LTD.  LONDON 

THE    MACMILLAN    CO.  NEW    YORK 

SIMPKIN,    HAMILTON    AND    CO.  LONDON 

MACMILLAN    AND    BOWES  CAMBRIDGE 

DOUGLAS    AND    FOULIS  EDINBURGH 


MCMIV 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2010  with  funding  from 

Boston  Library  Consortium  IVIember  Libraries 


http://www.archive.org/details/principalnavigat08hakl 


y  T-CQ  C  jX)S  dues  alxtm c/e^^ux^  in  orfent^ 


The    Principal 

Navigations  Voyages 
TrafRques  &  Discoveries 

of  the  Enghsh   Nation 

Made    by    Sea    or    Over-land    to    the 

Remote  and  Farthest  Distant  Quarters 

of  the  Earth    at   any  time   within   the 

compasse  of  these   1600  Yeeres 


By 
RICHARD    HAKLUYT 

Preacher,  and  sometime  Student  of 
Christ-Church  in  Oxford 


VOLUME  VIII 


Glasgow 
James    MacLehose    and    Sons 

Publishers  to  the   University 
New  York :    The  Macmillan  Company 


^  ojji^ 


Gr 

Ho 

Ha,    J 


THE    TABLE 

PAGE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages  of  this  eighth  volume 
made  to  Newfoundland  and  the  River  of 
Canada,  and  the  Voyages  made  unto  Virginia 
and  to  the  coast  and  inland  of  Florida  ;  with 
the  Letters  Patents,  Discourses,  Observa- 
tions and  Advertisements  belonging  to  the 
Voyages  of  this  eighth  Volume  : 

The  voyage  of  two  ships,  whereof  the  one  was  called  The 
Dominus  vobiscum,  set  out  the  20  of  May  1527,  for 
the  discovery  of  the  North  parts.  .  .  .  i 

The  voyage  of  M,  Hore,  and  divers  other  gentlemen   to 

Newfoundland,  and  Cape  Briton,  in  the  yere  1536      .  3 

An  act  against  the  exaction  of  money  or  any  other  thing  by 
any  officer  for  licence  to  traffique  into  New  foundland 
and  Iseland,  made  Anno  2.  Edwardi  sexti.         .  .  7 

A  letter  written  to  M.  Richard  Hakluyt  of  the  Midle 
Temple,  contayning  a  report  of  the  true  state  and 
commodities  of  Newfoundland,  by  M.  Antony  Park- 
hurst,  1578.    .....  .9 

The  letters  patents  granted  by  her  Majestie  to  sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert  knight,  for  inhabiting  some  part  of  America 
1578 .17 

V 


THE   TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

A  learned  and  stately  Poeme  written  in  Latine  Hexamiters 
by  Stephanus  Parmenius  Budeius,  concerning  the 
v'oyage  of  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  to  Newfound-land,  for 
the  planting  of  an  English  colonic  there,  containing 
also  a  briefe  remembrance  of  certaine  of  our  principal 
English  captaines  by  sea.    .  .  .  .  .23 

The  voyage   of  Sir  Humfrey    Gilbert    to    Newfoundland, 

An.  1583 34 

Orders  agreed  upon  by  the  Captaines  and  Masters,  to  bee 

observed  by  the  fleete  of  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert.  .  .         43 

A  briefe  relation  of  Newfound-land,  and  the  commodities 

thereof.  .  .  .  .  .  .  -55 

Reckonings  of  the  Master  and  Masters  mate  of  the  Admirall 
of  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  in  their  course  from  cape  Race 
to  cape  Briton,  and  to  the  Isle  of  Sablon.  .  .  64 

The  maner  how  the  sayd  Admirall  was  lost.   ...  65 

A  letter  of  the  learned  Hungarian  Stephanus  Parmenius 
Budeius  to  master  Richard  Hakluyt  the  collectour  of 
these  voyages.  .  .  .  .  .  .78 

A  relation  of  Richard  Clarke  of  Weymouth  master  of  the 
ship  called  The  Delight,  which  went  as  Admirall  of 
sir  Humfrey  Gilberts  fleete  for  the  discoverie  of 
Norumbega  1583:  written  in  excuse  of  the  casting 
away  the  sayd  ship  and  the  men,  imputed  to  his 
oversight,       .......  85 

A  discourse  of  the  necessitie  and   commoditie  of  planting 

English  colonies  upon  the  North  partes  of  America.     .  89 

A  letter  of  the  right  honourable  sir  Francis  Walsingham  to 
master  Richard  Hakluyt  then  of  Christchurch  in 
Oxford,  incouraging  him  in  the  studie  of  Cosmography, 
and  furthering  of  new  discoveries  1582.  .  .        131 

vi 


THE   TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

A  letter  of  the  right  honourable  sir  Francis  Walsingham  to 
master  Thomas  Aldworth  marchant,  and  at  that  time 
Mayor  of  the  citie  of  Bristol,  concerning  their  adven- 
ture in  the  Westerne  discoverie  i  582.     .  .  .        132 

A  letter  written  from  master  Aldworth  marchant  and  mayor 
of  the  citie  of  Bristol,  to  the  right  honourable  sir 
Francis  Walsingham,  concerning  a  voyage  intended  for 
the  discoverie  of  the  coast  of  America  lying  to  the 
Southwest  of  cape  Briton  1583..  .  .  .        133 

A  briefe  and  summarie  discourse  upon  a  voyage  intended  to 
the  hithermost  parts  of  America,  written  by  master 
Christopher  Carlile  1583.  .  .  .  .        134 

Articles  set  downe  by  the  committies  appointed  on  the 
behalfe  of  the  company  of  the  Moscovian  marchants, 
to  conferre  with  master  Carlile  upon  his  intended 
discovery  of  the  hithermost  partes  of  America.  .  .14.7 

The  first  discovery  of  the  isle  of  Ramea,  made  by 

for  Monsieur  de  la  court  pre  Ravillon  &  grand  pre, 
with  the  ship  called  The  Bonaventure,  to  kill  and 
make  trane-oile  of  the  beasts  called  The  Morses,  with 
great  teeth,  Anno  1591.     .....        150 

A  letter  sent  to  the  right  honourable  sir  William  Cecil  Lord 
Burghley,  Lord  high  Treasurer  of  England  &c.  from 
master  Thomas  James  of  Bristol,  concerning  the 
discoverie  of  the  Isle  of  Ramea   1591.  .  .        155 

A  briefe  note  of  the  Morse,  and  of  the  use  thereof  .  .        156 

The  voyage  of  the  ship  called  The  Marigolde  of  M.  Hill  of 
Redriffe,  unto  Cape  Briton  and  beyond,  to  the  latitude 
of  44  degrees  and  a  halfe,  Anno  1593.    .  .  .        157 

The  voyage  of  M.  George  Drake  of  Apsham,  to  the  isle  of 

.    Ramea,  in  the  yeere  1593.  ....        161 

vii 


THE   TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

The  voyage  of  The  Grace  of  Bristoll,  up  into  the  gulfe  of 
S.  Laurence  to  the  Northwest  of  Newfoundland,  as 
far  as  the  isle  of  Assumption  or  Natiscotec,  Anno  1594.        162 

The  voyage  of  M.  Charles  Leigh,  and  divers  others,  to  Cape 

Briton  and  the  isle  of  Ramea,  1597.         .  .  .166 

Certaine  observations  touching  the  countries  and  places 
where  master  Charles  Leigh  touched  in  his  voyage  to 
cape  Briton,  and  to  the  Isle  of  Ramea  anno  1597.         .        180 

The  first  voyage  of  Jaques  Cartier  of  Saint  Malo,  to  New- 
found-land, the  gulfe  of  Saint  Laurence,  and  the 
Grand  Bay,  Anno  1534.    .  .  .  .  .        183 

Divers  words  of  the  language  spoken  in  New  France,  with 

the  interpretation  thereof  .  J  .  .        209 

The  second  voyage  of  Jaques  Cartier  by  the  Grand  bay  up 

the  river  of  Canada  to  Hochelaga,  Anno  1535.  •        210 

The  third  voyage  of  Jaques  Cartier  unto  the  countries  of 

Canada,  Hochelaga,  and  Saguenay,  Anno  1540.  .        263 

A  description  of  the  river  and  haven  of  Saincte  Croix.  .        267 

A  description  of  the  3  saults  or  falles  of  water  in  the  river 

of  Canada.    .......        269 

A  letter  written  to  M.  John  Groute  student  in  Paris  by 
Jaques  Noel  of  Saint  Malo  the  nephew  of  Jaques 
Cartier,  touching  the  discoverie  of  his  uncle  in  the 
partes  of  Canada  1587.       .....        272 

Part  of  another  letter  written  by  Jaques  Noel  of  Saint  Malo 

to  the  foresayde  M,  John  Groute  student  in  Paris        .        273 

An  excellent  ruttier    shewing  the  course    from    Belle    isle, 
Carpont,  and  the  Grand  bay  up   the  river  of  Canada 
for    the    space    of    230    leagues,    observed    by    John 
Alphonse   of  Xanctoigne,  chiefe   Pilote    to    Monsieur 
Roberval,  1542.      ......        275 

viii 


THE    TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

The  voyage  of  John  Francis  de  la  Roche  knight,  lord  of 
Roberval,  with  three  tall  ships  to  the  countries  of 
Canada,  Hochelaga,  and  Saguenay,  1542.  .  .        283 

A  description  of  the  Salvages  in  Canada,         .  .  .287 

The  voyage  of  Monsieur  Roberval  from  his  Fort  in  Canada 

unto  Saguenay,  the  fifth  of  June,  1543.     .  .  .        288 

The  letters  patents  granted  by  the  Queenes  Majestie  to  sir 
Walter  Ralegh,  for  the  discovering,  and  planting  of  new 
lands  and  countries,  Anno  1584.  .  .  .        289 

The  first  voyage  made  to  the  coast  of  Virginia  by  M.  Philip 

Amadas,  and  M.  Arthur  Barlow,  1584.  .  .  .        297 

The  second  voyage  made  to  Virginia  by  sir  Richard  Grinvile 
for  sir  Walter  Ralegh,  Anno  1 5 85:  at  what  time 
the  first  colonie  of  English  was  there  left  under  the 
government  of  M.  Ralfe  Lane,  now  knight.       .  .        310 

The  names  of  those,  aswell  gentlemen  as  others,  that 
remained  one  whole  yeere  in  Virginia,  under  the 
government  of  M.  Ralph  Lane.    .  .  .  .317 

An  extract  of  M.  Ralph  Lanes  letter  to  M.  Richard 
Hakluyt  esquire,  and  another  Gentleman  of  the  middle 
Temple  from  Virginia  1585.'        .  .  .  .        319 

An  account  of  the  particular  employments  of  the  English- 
men left  in  Virginia  by  S.  Richard  Grinvile  under  M. 
Ralph  Lane  their  generall,  from  the  17.  of  August 
1585.  untill  the  18.  of  June  1586.  at  which  time  they 
departed  the  countrey.       .  .  .  .  .320 

The  third  voyage  to  Virginia  made  by  a  ship  sent  in  the 
yeere  1586.  for  the  reliefe  of  the  colonie  planted  in 
Virginia,  at  the  sole  charges  of  sir  Walter  Ralegh  .        346 


THE    TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

A  briefe  and  true  report  of  the  commodities  aswell 
marchantable  as  others,  which  are  to  be  found  and 
raised  in  the  countrey  of  Virginia,  written  by  M. 
Thomas  Harriot  :  together  with  Master  Ralph  Lane 
his  approbation  thereof  in  all  points.        .  .  .        348 

A  description  of  the  nature  and  maners  of  the  people  of 

Virginia.       .  .  .  .  .  .  .374 

The  fourth  voyage  made  to  Virginia  with   3.  ships,  Anno 

1587.  wherein  was  transported  the  second  colonic        .        386 

The  names  of  all  the  men,  women,  and  children  which 
safely  arrived  in  Virginia,  and  remayned  to  inhabite 
there  Anno  1587.    ......        402 

A  letter  of  M.  John  White  to  M.  Richard  Hakluyt  written 

in  February  1593.  ......        404 

The  fifth  voyage  to  Virginia  made  by  master  John  White 

in  the  yeere  1590.  .....        406 

The  voyage  of  John  de  Verazzano  a  Florentine  to  the 
coast  of  Florida,  sailing  from  thence  Northerly  to  the 
latitude  of  50.  degrees,  Anno  1524.         .  .  .       423 

An  Epistle  Dedicatorie  to  sir  Walter  Ralegh,  prefixed  by 
master  Richard  Hakluyt  before  the  history  of  Florida, 
which  he  translated  out  of  French  1587.  .  .        439 

The  Preface  of  master  Rene  Laudonniere  before  the  sayd 

Historic.       .......        446 

A   description    of   the   West   Indies   in   general,   but   more 

chiefly  &  particularly  of  Florida.  ....        448 

The  voyage  of  captaine  John  Ribault  to  Florida,  1562.        .        457 

An  oration  of  captaine  John  Ribault  to  his  company.  .        468 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

PAGE 

Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert,  ....       Frontispiece 

Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert  was  born  about  1539  near  Dart- 
mouth, and  was  step-brother  to  Sir  Walter  Raleigh. 
In  1563  he  was  wounded  at  Havre  in  fighting 
against  the  French.  In  July  1566  he  served  in 
Ireland.  In  October  1569  he  was  placed  in  charge 
of  the  province  of  Munster.  He  was  knighted  by 
the  Lord  Deputy  Sidney  at  Drogheda  on  ist  January 
1570.  In  1 571  he  was  returned  member  of  Parlia- 
ment for  Plymouth.  In  1572  he  was  sent  to  the 
Netherlands  with  a  contingent  of  English  Volunteers 
to  help  the  Zeelanders  against  the  Spanish. 

In  1578  Gilbert  obtained  his  Charter  'for  the 
Westerne  Discovery  of  America  and  to  plant  a 
colony,'  but  his  first  expedition  in  1578  was  a  failure, 
because  *  amongst  a  multitude  of  voluntary  men, 
their  dispositions  were  divers  which  bred  a  Jarre  and 
made  a  division  in  the  end  to  the  confusion  of  that 
attempt  even  before  the  same  was  begun.' 

In  1579  he  served  at  sea  off  Munster.  In  1583 
his  second  expedition  set  out,  and  an  account  of 
this,  which  ended  in  Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert's  death, 
will  be  found  on  page  46.  The  portrait  is  taken 
from  the  British  Museum  copy  of  Holland's 
Heroologia  published  in   1620. 

Christopher  Carlile,       .  .  .  .  .  .144 

Christopher  Carleill  or  Carlile  was  born  in  1551.  He 
was  a  grandson  of  Sir  George  Barnes,  Lord  Mayor 
of  London.  He  was  educated  at  Cambridge  and 
married  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Francis  Walsingham. 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

PAGE 

In  1572  he  went  to  Flushing  and  was  present  at 
the  siege  of  Middleburgh.  Then  proceeding  to  La 
Rochelle  he  served  under  the  Prince  of  Conde.  He 
next  saw  service  at  Steenwick,  besieged  by  the 
Spaniards,  where  he  was  placed  by  the  Prince  of 
Orange  in  sole  command.  In  1582  he  convoyed 
in  the  '  Tiger '  the  English  merchants  to  Russia 
(Vol.  iii.,  page  303).  He  tried  to  induce  the  Russia 
merchants  to  finance  a  voyage  '  to  the  hithermost 
parts  of  America '  and  wrote  the  '  briefe  and  sum- 
mary discourse'  for  that  purpose  (page  134). 

In  1 584  he  was  made  Commander  of  the  Garrison 
of  Coleraine  and  in  1585  was  made  Lieutenant- 
General  of  the  Land  Forces  in  Drake's  West  India 
Expedition  of  that  year,  an  account  of  which  appears 
in  Vol.  X  of  this  edition.  In  1 588  he  was  appointed 
Constable  of  Carrickfergus  and  later,  Governor  of 
Ulster.  He  died  in  London  in  1593.  Stowe  says: 
*  He  was  quicke-witted  and  affable,  valiant  and  for- 
tunate in  warre,  well-read  in  mathematiks,  and  of 
good  experience  in  navigation,  whereuppon  some 
have  registred  him  for  a  Navigator,  but  the  truth  is, 
his  most  inclination  and  profession  was  chiefely  for 
lande  service,  he  utterly  abhorred  pyracy.'  The 
portrait  is  reproduced  from  that  in  Holland's 
Heroologia,  cited  above. 

Map  of  the  New  World,  A. D.  1587,        .  •  .272 

This  map  dedicated  '  to  the  most  learned  and  accom- 
plished Richard  Hakluyt,'  is  the  one  referred  to  in 
Jaques  Noel's  letter  to  '  Master  John  Growte  student 
in  Paris'  given  on  p.  272.  In  this  letter  Jaques 
Noel,  who  was  the  nephew  of  Jaques  Cartier  and 
accompanied  him  to  Canada  criticises  from  personal 
observation  the  position  on  the  map  of  the  River  of 
Canada  and  '  the  great  Lake  which  is  above  the 
Saults.' — The  map  which  is  a  beautiful  example  of 
the  copperplate  engraving  of  the  period  is  taken 
from  the  copy,  in  the  British  Museum,  in  Peter 
Martyr's  De  Orbe  'Novo,  annotated  by  Richard  Hak- 
luyt and  published  at  Paris  in  1587. 
xii 


ILLUSTRATIONS 


PAGE 


A  Virginian  Warrior,    .  .  .  .  .  .304 

From  the  original  water  colour  drawing  by  John  White. 
Little  is  known  of  John  White  beyond  what 
appears  in  Hakluyt's  pages.  He  went  out  to  Vir- 
ginia in  the  Expedition  under  Sir  Richard  Grenville 
in  1585.  He  returned  in  June  1586  when  Drake's 
expedition  took  off  the  Settlers. 

He  was  '  Governour  of  the  Planters  in  Virginia ' 
in  1587  and  at  their  earnest  request  returned  to 
England  to  obtain'  supplies  for  the  Colony.  In 
1588  Raleigh  sent  him  back,  and  arranged  that 
three  ships  then  fitting  out  for  John  Watts,  a 
London  Merchant,  should  take  on  board  a  number 
of  passengers  and  stores  for  Virginia.  The  owner 
of  the  ships  however  would  not  permit  any  passengers 
or  stores  to  go  on  board  except  John  White  '  and  his 
chest.'  Owing  to  the  lateness  of  the  season  he  was 
unable  to  land  on  Virginia. 

In  1590  he  made  another  voyage  to  Virginia,  but 
he  could  not  find  the  colonists,  and  the  expedition 
returned  to  England  in  October  of  that  year. 

This  and  the  five  following  illustrations  have 
been  reproduced  from  a  volume  of  White's  water 
colour  drawings  which  is  preserved  in  the  Grenville 
Library  in  the  British  Museum.  It  is  clear  that 
he  was  an  accurate  painter,  and  it  is  safe  to 
assume  that  these  contemporary  sketches  of  the 
natives  of  Virginia  at  the  time  of  their  discovery  by 
the  English  give  a  true  representation  of  the  people 
and  their  dwellings. 

Chart  of  Virginia,  by  John  White  .          .          .  .      320 

The  Village  of  Secoton,  by  John  White           .  .      336 

A  Virginian  Priest,  by  John  White          .          .  .376 

Chart  of  Virginia  and  Florida,  by  John  White  .      400 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

A  Native  of  Florida,  by  John  White       .  .  .448 


PAGE 


Map  of  America  by  John  Dee,  a.d.  1580         .  .      486 

John  Dee,  Mathematician  and  Astrologer  was  born  in 
London  on  13th  July  1527.  He  took  his  B.A. 
degree  at  St.  John's,  Cambridge,  in  1542.  In  1547 
he  went  to  the  Low  Countries  to  study,  and  be- 
came a  student  at  Louvain  in  1548. 

On  the  accession  of  Queen  Mary,  Dee  joined  the 
Princess  Elizabeth's  party  and  was  imprisoned  for  an 
alleged  attempt  on  the  Queen's  life  by  poison  or 
magic,  but  was  allowed  his  liberty  on  giving  security 
for  his  good  behaviour.  In  1555-56  he  presented  a 
supplication  to  Queen  Mary  for  the  recovery  and 
preservation  of  ancient  writings  and  monuments. 
On  Queen  Eliza,beth's  accession  he  entered  her 
service  and  made  an  astrological  calculation  for  the 
choice  of  a  fit  day  for  the  coronation.  He  was  con- 
sulted by  Royal  command  on  the  Queen's  illness. 
In  1578  he  went  to  Germany  to  consult  the 
Physicians  there  regarding  the  Queen's  health.  In 
1580  he  delivered  to  the  Queen  Rolls  showing  the 
Queen's  titles  to  the  newly  discovered  countries. 

Dee  was  a  great  Alchemist  and  Spiritualist  and 
was  regarded  by  the  common  people  as  a  Magician. 
In  1583  a  mob  broke  into  his  house  and  destroyed  a 
great  part  of  his  furniture,  books,  and  chemical 
apparatus.  He  died  in  poverty  in  1608.  The 
original  Roll  from  which  this  map  has  been  repro- 
duced is  now  preserved  in  the  Cottonian  MSS.  in 
the  British  Museum. 


THE    EIGHTH    VOLUME 


OF    THE 


Principall  Navigations,  Voyages,  Traffiques 
and  Discoveries  of  the  English  Nation 

Made  to  Newfoundland  and  the  River  of  Canada, 

and    the    Voyages    made    unto    Virginia 

and  to  the  coast  and  inland  of  Florida  ; 

with  the  Letters  Patents,  Discourses, 

Observations  and  Advertisements 

belonging  to  the  Voyages  of 

this  eighth  Volume 


The    Voyages    of  the    English    Nation    to    New- 
foundland, to  the  Isles  of  Ramea,  and  the  Isles  of 
Assumption  otherwise  called  Natiscotec,  situate  at 
the  mouth  of  the   River  of  Canada,  and  to 
the  coastes  of  Cape  Briton,  and  Arambec, 
corruptly  called  Norumbega,  with  the 
Patents,  letters,  and  advertise- 
ments thereunto  belonging. 

The   voyage  of  the    two   ships,  whereof  the  one  [m.  129.] 
was  called  the  Dominus  vobiscum,  set  out  the 
20  day  of  May  in  the  19  yere  of  king  Henry 
the  eight,  and    in  the  yere  of  our  Lord  God 
1527.  for  the  discoverie  of  the  North  partes. 


Aster  Robert  Thorne  of  BristoU,  a  notable 
member  and  ornament  of  his  country,  as 
wel  for  his  learning,  as  great  charity  to 
the  poore,  in  a  letter  of  his  to  king 
Henry  the  8  and  a  large  discourse  to 
doctor  Leigh,  his  Ambassadour  to  Charles 
the  Emperour,  (which  both  are  to  be 
scene  almost  in  the  beginning  of  the  first  volume  of 
this  my  work)  exhorted  the  aforesaid  king  with  very 
waighty  and  substantial  reasons,  to  set  forth  a  discovery 
even  to  the  North  Pole.  And  that  it  may  be  knowne 
that  this  his  motion  tooke  present  effect,  I  thought  it 
good  herewithall  to  put  downe  the  testimonies  of  two 
of  our  Chroniclers.  M.  Hall,  and  M.  Grafton,  who 
both  write  in  this  sort.  This  same  moneth  (say  they) 
vni  I  A 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1527. 

king  Henry  the  8  sent  2  faire  ships  wel  manned  & 
victualled,  having  in  them  divers  cunning  men  to  seeke 
strange  regions,  &  so  they  set  forth  out  of  the  Thames 
the  20  day  of  May  in  the  19  yeere  of  his  raigne,  which 
was  the  yere  of  our  Lord.  1527. 

And  whereas  master  Hal,  and  master  Grafton  say, 
that  in  those  ships  there  were  divers  cunning  men,  I 
have  made  great  enquirie  of  such  as  by  their  yeeres 
and  delight  in  Navigation,  might  give  me  any  light  to 
know  who  those  cunning  men  should  be,  which  were 
the  directers  in  the  aforesaid  voyage.  And  it  hath  bene 
tolde  me  by  sir  Martine  Frobisher,  and  iVI.  Richard 
Allen,  a  knight  of  the  Sepulchre,  that  a  Canon  of 
Saint  Paul  in  London,  which  was  a  great  Mathematician, 
and  a  man  indued  with  wealth,  did  much  advance  the 
action,  and  went  therein  himselfe  in  person,  but  what 
his  name  was  I  cannot  learne  of  any.  And  further 
they  told  me  that  one  of  the  ships  was  called  The 
Dominus  vobiscum,  which  is  a  name  likely  to  be  given 
by  a  religious  man  of  those  dayes :  and  that  sayling 
very  farre  Northwestward,  one  of  the  ships  was  cast 
away  as  it  entred  into  a  dangerous  gulph,  about  the 
great  opening,  betweene  the  North  parts  of  Newfound- 
land, and  the  countrey  lately  called  by  her  Majestie, 
Meta  Incognita.  Whereupon  the  other  ship  shaping  her 
course  towards  Cape  Briton,  and  the  coastes  of  Aram  bee, 
and  oftentimes  putting  their  men  on  land  to  search  the 
state  of  those  unknowen  regions,  returned  home  about 
the  beginning  of  October,  of  the  yere  aforesayd.  And 
thus  much  (by  reason  of  the  great  negligence  of  the 
writers  of  those  times,  who  should  have  used  more  care 
in  preserving  of  the  memories  of  the  worthy  actes  of 
our  nation,)  is  all  that  hitherto  I  can  learne,  or  finde 
out  of  this  voyage. 


MASTER   HORE 


A.D, 
1536- 


The  voyage  of  M.  Hore  and  divers  other  gentle- 
men, to  Newfoundland,  and  Cape  Briton,  in 
the  yere  1536  and  in  the  28  yere  of  king 
Henry  the  8. 

Ne  master  Hore  of  London,  a  man  of 
goodly  stature  and  of  great  courage,  and 
given  to  the  studie  of  Cosmographie,  in 
the  28  yere  of  king  Henry  the  8  and 
in  the  yere  of  our  Lord  1536  encour- 
aged divers  Gentlemen  and  others,  being 
assisted   by  the  kings    favour  and   good 


countenance,  to  accompany  him  in  a  voyage  of  discoverie 
upon  the  Northwest  parts  of  America:  wherein  his 
perswasions  tooke  such  effect,  that  within  short  space 
many  gentlemen  of  the  Innes  of  court,  and  of  the 
Chancerie,  and  divers  others  of  good  worship,  desirous 
to  see  the  strange  things  of  the  world,  very  willingly 
entred  into  the  action  with  him,  some  of  whose  names 
were  as  folio weth :  M.  Weekes  a  gentleman  of  the 
West  countrey  of  five  hundred  markes  by  the  yeere 
living.  M.  Tucke  a  gentleman  of  Kent.  M.  Tuckfield. 
M.  Thomas  Buts  the  sonne  of  Sir  William  Buts  knight, 
of  Norfolke,  which  was  lately  living,  and  from  whose 
mouth  I  wrote  most  of  this  relation.  M.  Hardie,  M. 
Biron,  M.  Carter,  M.  Wright,  M.  Rastall  Serjeant 
Rastals  brother,  M.  Ridley,  and  divers  other,  which  all 
were  in  the  Admyrall  called  the  Trinitie,  a  ship  of 
seven  score  tunnes,  wherein  M.  Hore  himselfe  was 
imbarked.  In  the  other  ship  whose  name  was  the 
Minion,  went  a  very  learned  and  vertuous  gentleman  [III.  130.] 
one  M.  Armigil  Wade,  Afterwardes  Clerke  of  the  M.  Jrmigd 
Counsailes  of  king  Henry  the  8  and  king  Edward  the  ^^d^- 
sixth,  father  to  the  worshipfuU  M.  William  Wade  now 
Clerke  of  the  privie  Counsell,  M.  Oliver  Dawbeney 
marchant  of  London,  M.  Joy  afterward  gentleman  of 
the  Kings  Chappel,  with  divers  other  of  good  account. 

3 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1536. 

The  whole  number  that  went  in  the  two  tall  ships  afore- 
said, to  wit,  the  Trinitie  and  the  Minion,  were  about 
sixe  score  persons,  whereof  thirty  were  gentlemen,  which 
all  we  mustered  in  warlike  maner  at  Graves-end,  and 
after  the  receiving  of  the  Sacrament,  they  embarked 
themselves  in  the  ende  of  Aprill.    1536. 

From   the   time  of  their  setting  out   from  Gravesend, 

they  were  very  long  at  sea,  to  witte,  above  two  moneths, 

and  never   touched  any  land   untill    they  came  to    part 

Cape  Briton,    of  the    West   Indies    about    Cape   Briton,   shaping    their 

course   thence  Northeastwardes,  untill   they  came  to  the 

The  Island  of  Island  of  Penguin,   which    is   very  full    of  rockes    and 

Penguin  stand-  gtones,  whereon   they  went  and    found  it    full  of  ffreat 

eth  about  the      r     ^  -i  ■  1  1  •  i       1       ° 

latitude  of  xo.  roules   white   and  gray,   as    big    as   geese,  and    they  saw 

degrees.  infinite  numbers  of   their  egges.      They   drave    a    great 

number    of    the    foules    into    their    boates    upon    their 
sayles,  and  tooke   up    many  of   their    egges,  the    foules 
they  flead  and  their  skinnes  were  very  like  hony  combes 
full    of   holes    being    flead   off:    they   dressed    and    eate 
them  and   found   them  to  be  very  good  and  nourishing 
meat.     They   saw  also   store  of  beares  both   blacke  and 
white,  of  whome  they  killed  some,  and  tooke  them  for 
no  bad  foode. 
M.  Dawbenys       M.   Oliver    Dawbeny,   which    (as    it    is    before    men- 
^R^V^dHh    ^^°^^'^)   '^^^    ^^   this   voyage,   and    in  the    Minion,    told 
lu-it  of  the        ^*  Richard  Hakluyt  of  the  middle  Temple  these  things 
Temple.  following :   to  wit.  That  after  their  arrival!   in  Newfound- 

land,  and    having  bene    there    certaine   dayes    at    ancre, 
and   not   having  yet  scene  any  of  the  naturall  people  of 
the  countrey,   the  same  Dawbeney  walking   one  day  on 
the   hatches,   spied  a  boate  with  Savages   of  those  parts, 
rowing  downe  the  Bay  toward   them,  to  gaze  upon  the 
ship  and  our  people,  and  taking  vewe  of  their  comming 
aloofe,  hee  called    to  such    as  were  under    the  hatches, 
and  willed    them    to    come    up    if   they  would    see    the 
I  hey  beheld     natural   people  of  the  countrey,    that    they  had   so   long 
Newfound-       ^^"^  ^°  much  desired  to  see :   whereupon  they  came  up, 
land.  and   tooke  viewe  of   the    Savages   rowing   toward    them 

4 


MASTER   HORE  a.d. 

1536. 
and  their  ship,  and  upon  the  viewe  they  manned  out 
a  ship-boat  to  meet  them  and  to  take  them.  But  they 
spying  our  ship-boat  making  towards  them,  returned 
with  maine  force  and  fled  into  an  Island  that  lay  up 
in  the  Bay  or  river  there,  and  our  men  pursued  them 
into  the  Island,  and  the  Savages  fledde  and  escaped : 
but  our  men  found  a  fire,  and  the  side  of  a  beare  on 
a  wooden  spit  left  at  the  same  by  the  Savages  that  were 
fled. 

There  in  the  same  place  they  found  a  boote  of  leather 
garnished  on  the  outward  side  of  the  calfe  with  certaine 
brave  trailes,  as  it  were  of  rawe  silke,  and  also  found  a 
certaine  great  warme  mitten :  And  these  caryed  with 
them,  they  returned  to  their  shippe,  not  finding  the 
Savages,  nor  seeing  any  thing  else  besides  the  soyle,  and 
the  things  growing  in  the  same,  which  chiefly  were  store 
of  firre  and  pine  trees. 

And  further,  the  said  M.  Dawbeny  told  him,  that 
lying  there  they  grew  into  great  want  of  victuals,  and 
that  there  they  found  small  reliefe,  more  then  that  they 
had  from  the  nest  of  an  Osprey,  that  brought  hourely  to 
her  yong  great  plentie  of  divers  sorts  of  fishes.  But 
such  was  the  famine  that  increased  amongst  them  from  Extreme 
day  to  day,  that  they  were  forced  to  seeke  to  relieve  fa^^^^- 
themselves  of  raw  herbes  and  rootes  that  they  sought  on 
the  maine :  but  the  famine  increasing,  and  the  reliefe  of 
herbes  being  to  little  purpose  to  satisfie  their  insatiable 
hunger,  in  the  fieldes  and  deserts  here  and  there,  the 
fellowe  killed  his  mate  while  he  stooped  to  take  up  a 
roote  for  his  reliefe,  and  cutting  out  pieces  of  his  bodie 
whom  he  had  murthered,  broyled  the  same  on  the  coles 
and  greedily  devoured  them. 

By  this  meane  the  company  decreased,  and  the  officers 

knew  not  what  was  become  of  them ;  And  it  fortuned 

that  one   of  the   company  driven  with  hunger  to  seeke 

abroade  for  reliefe  found  out  in  the  fieldes  the  savour  of  Our  men  eate 

broyled  flesh,  and  fell  out  with  one  for  that  he  would  ««^  f^^^^ 
J      .  .  1   1  •     r  11  •      •  1      ^-  for  famine. 

suiter  him  and  his  tellowes  to  sterve,  enjoying  plentie  as 

5 


A.D. 
1536. 


The  Captatnes 
Oration. 


[III.  131.] 


The  English 
surprise  a 
French  ship., 
wherein  they 
returnedhome. 


Haukes  and 
other  foules. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

he  thought :  and  this  matter  growing  to  cruell  speaches, 
he  that  had  the  broyled  meate,  burst  out  into  these 
wordes  :  If  thou  wouldest  needes  know,  the  broyled  meate 
that  I  had  was  a  piece  of  such  a  mans  buttocke.  The 
report  of  this  brought  to  the  ship,  the  Captaine  found 
what  became  of  those  that  were  missing,  &  was  per- 
swaded  that  some  of  them  were  neither  devoured  with 
wilde  beastes,  nor  yet  destroyed  with  Savages :  And 
hereupon  hee  stood  up  and  made  a  notable  Oration, 
containing,  Howe  much  these  dealings  offended  the 
Almightie,  and  vouched  the  Scriptures  from  first  to  last, 
what  God  had  in  cases  of  distresse  done  for  them  that 
called  upon  him,  and  told  them  that  the  power  of  the 
Almighty  was  then  no  lesse,  then  in  al  former  time  it 
had  bene.  And  added,  that  if  it  had  not  pleased  God  to 
have  holpen  them  in  that  distresse,  that  it  had  bene  better 
to  have  perished  in  body,  and  to  have  lived  everlastingly, 
then  to  have  relieved  for  a  poore  time  their  mortal 
bodyes,  and  to  bee  condemned  everlastingly  both  body 
and  soule  to  the  unquenchable  fire  of  hell.  And  thus 
having  ended  to  that  effect,  he  began  to  exhort  to 
repentance,  and  besought  all  the  company  to  pray,  that 
it  might  please  God  to  looke  upon  their  miserable  present 
state,  and  for  his  owne  mercie  to  relieve  the  same.  The 
famine  increasing,  and  the  inconvenience  of  the  men 
that  were  missing  being  found,  they  agreed  amongst 
themselves  rather  then  all  should  perish,  to  cast  lots  who 
should  be  killed :  And  such  was  the  mercie  of  God,  that 
the  same  night  there  arrived  a  French  ship  in  that  port, 
well  furnished  with  vittaile,  and  such  was  the  policie  of 
the  English,  that  they  became  masters  of  the  same,  and 
changing  ships  and  vittailing  them,  they  set  sayle  to  come 
into  England. 

In  their  journey  they  were  so  farre  Northwards,  that 
they  sawe  mighty  Islands  of  yce  in  the  sommer  season,  on 
which  were  haukes  and  other  foules  to  rest  themselves 
being  weary  of  flying  over  farre  from  the  maine.  They 
sawe  also  certaine  great  white  foules  with  red  bils  and  red 

6 


AN   ACT   AGAINST   EXACTION  a.d. 

1536. 
legs,  somewhat  bigger  then  Herons,  which  they  supposed  Fouks  sup- 
to  be  Storkes.  They  arrived  at  St.  Ives  in  Cornewall  f°^^'^,  ^°  "^ 
about  the  ende  or  October.  From  thence  they  departed 
unto  a  certaine  castle  belonging  to  sir  John  Luttrell, 
where  M.  Thomas  Buts,  and  M.  Rastall  and  other 
Gentlemen  of  the  voyage  were  very  friendly  entertained : 
after  that  they  came  to  the  Earle  of  Bathe  at  Bathe,  and 
thence  to  Bristoll,  so  to  London.  M.  Buts  was  so 
changed  in  the  voyage  with  hunger  and  miserie,  that  sir 
William  his  father  and  my  Lady  his  mother  knew  him 
not  to  be  their  sonne,  untill  they  found  a  secret  marke 
which  was  a  wart  upon  one  of  his  knees,  as  hee  told  me 
Richard  Hakluyt  of  Oxford  himselfe,  to  whom  I  rode 
200.  miles  onely  to  learne  the  whole  trueth  of  this  voyage 
from  his  own  mouth,  as  being  the  onely  man  now  alive 
that  was  in  this  discoverie. 

Certaine  moneths  after,  those  Frenchmen  came  into 
England,  and  made  complaint  to  king  Henry  the  8  :  the 
king  causing  the  matter  to  be  examined,  and  finding  the 
great  distresse  of  his  subjects,  and  the  causes  of  the 
dealing  so  with  the  French,  was  so  mooved  with  pitie,  that  T'he  French 
he  punished  not  his  subjects,  but  of  his  owne  purse  made  ''°y^%  J'^'^"^- 
full  and  royall  recompence  unto  the  French.  Henn  the  %. 

In  this  distresse  of  famine,  the  English  did  somewhat 
relieve  their  vitall  spirits,  by  drinking  at  the  springs  the 
fresh  water  out  of  certaine  wooden  cups,  out  of  which 
they  had  drunke  their  Aqua  composita  before. 

An  act  against  the  exaction  of  money  or  any  other 
thing  by  any  officer  for  licence  to  traffique  into 
Iseland  &  Newfoundland,  made  in  An.  2. 
Edwardi  sexti. 

Orasmuch  as  within  these  few  yeeres  now  last 
past,  there  have  bene  levied,  perceived  &  taken 
by  certaine  of  the  officers  of  the  Admiraltie,   of 


such   Marchants,  and  fishermen  as  have  used  and  prac- 
tised  the  adventures   and  journeys    into   Iseland,   New- 

7 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1548. 

foundland,  Ireland,  and  other  places  commodious  for 
fishing,  and  the  getting  of  fish,  in  and  upon  the  Seas 
or  otherwise,  by  way  of  Marchants  in  those  parties, 
divers  great  exactions,  as  summes  of  money,  doles  or 
shares  of  fish,  and  such  other  like  things,  to  the  great 
discouragement  &  hinderance  of  the  same  Marchants  and 
fishermen,  and  to  no  little  dammage  of  the  whole  common 
wealth,  and  thereof  also  great  complaints  have  bene  made, 
&  informations  also  yerely  to  the  kings  Majesties  most 
honourable  councell :  for  reformation  whereof,  and  to  the 
intent  also  that  the  sayd  Marchants  and  fishermen  may 
have  occasion  the  rather  to  practise  &  use  the  same  trade 
of  marchandizing,  &  fishing  freely  without  any  such 
charges  and  exactions,  as  are  before  limited,  wherby  it  is 
to  be  thought  that  more  plentie  of  fish  shall  come  into 
this  Realme,  and  thereby  to  have  the  same  at  more 
reasonable  prices :  Be  it  therfore  enacted  by  the  king 
our  soveraigne  Lord,  and  the  lords  and  commons  in  this 
present  parliament  assembled,  and  by  authoritie  of  the 
same,  that  neither  the  Admiral,  nor  any  officer,  or 
minister,  officers  or  ministers  of  the  Admiraltie  for  the 
time  being,  shall  in  any  wise  hereafter  exact,  receive,  or 
take  by  himselfe,  his  servant,  deputie,  servants,  or  depu- 
ties of  any  such  Marchant  or  fisherman,  any  summe  or 
summes  of  money,  doles  or  shares  of  fish,  or  any  other 
reward,  benefit  or  advantage  whatsoever  it  be,  for  any 
licence  to  passe  this  Realme  to  the  sayd  voyages  or  any 
of  them,  nor  upon  any  respect  concerning  the  said 
voyages,  nor  any  of  them,  upon  paine  to  forfeit  for  the 
first  offence  treble  the  summe,  or  treble  the  value  of  the 
reward,  benefite  or  advantage,  that  any  such  officer  or 
minister  shall  hereafter  have  or  take  of  any  such  Mar- 
chants or  fishermen.  For  the  which  forfeiture  the  party 
grieved,  and  every  other  person  or  persons  whatsoever 
he  or  they  be,  shall  and  may  sue  for  the  same  by  informa- 
tion, bill,  plaint,  or  action  of  debt  in  any  of  the  kings 
courts  of  recorde :  The  king  to  have  the  one  moitie,  and 
the  party  complaining  the  other  moitie :  in  which  suite 


A   REPORT   OF   NEWFOUNDLAND 


A.D. 

1578. 


no  essoigne,  protection,  or  wager  of  law  shall  be  allowed. 
And  for  the  second  offence  the  party  so  offending  not 
only  to  lose  and  forfeite  his  or  their  office  or  offices  in 
the  Admiraltie,  but  also  to  make  fine  and  ransome  at  the 
kings  will  and  pleasure. 

By  this  acte  it  appeareth,  that  the  trade  out  of  England  [III.  132.] 
to  Newfound  land  was  common  and  frequented  about  the 
beginning  of  the  raigne  of  Edward  the  6.  namely  in  the 
yeere  1548.  and  it  is  much  to  be  marveiled,  that  by  the 
negligence  of  our  men,  the  countrey  in  all  this  time  hath 
bene  no  better  searched. 

A  letter  written  to  M.  Richard  Hakluyt  of  the 
middle  Temple,  conteining  a  report  of  the  true 
state  and  commodities  of  Newfoundland,  by 
M.   Anthonie  Parkhurst  Gentleman,   1578. 


Aster  Hakluyt,  after  most  heartie  com- 
mendations, with  like  thankes  for  your 
manifold  kindnesse  to  me  shewed,  not 
for  any  merits  that  hitherto  have  beene 
mine,  but  wholly  proceeding,  I  must 
needs  confesse,  of  your  owne  good 
nature,  which  is  so  ready  prest  to  benefit 
your  countrey  and  all  such  poore  men  as  have  any  sparke 
in  them  of  good  desires,  that  you  do  not  onely  become 
their  friend,  but  also  humble  your  selfe  as  servant  in 
their  affaires  :  for  which  1  would  to  God  I  were  once  in 
place  where  I  might  cause  your  burning  zeale  to  bee 
knowen  to  those  that  have  authoritie,  power,  and  abilitie 
to  recompense  your  travelling  mind  and  pen,  wherewith 
you  cease  not  day  nor  night  to  labour  and  travell  to 
bring  your  good  and  godly  desires  to  some  passe,  though 
not  possibly  to  that  happy  ende  that  you  most  thirst  for : 
for  such  is  the  malice  of  wicked  men  the  devils  instru- 
ments in  this  our  age,  that  they  cannot  suffer  any  thing 
(or  at  least  few)  to  proceed  and  prosper  that  tendeth  to 
the  setting  forth  of  Gods  glory,   and  the  amplifying  of 

9 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1578. 

the  Christian  faith,  wherein  hitherto  princes  have  not 
bene  so  diligent  as  their  calling  required.  Alas,  the 
labourers  as  yet  are  few,  the  harvest  great,  I  trust  God 
hath  made  you  an  instrument  to  increase  the  number, 
and  to  moove  men  of  power,  to  redeeme  the  people  of 
Newfoundland  and  those  parts  from  out  of  the  captivitie 
of  that  spirituall  Pharao,  the  devill. 

Now  to  answer  some  part  of  your  letter  touching  the 
sundry  navies  that  come  to  Newfoundland,  or  Terra 
nova,  for  fish :  you  shal  understand  that  some  fish  not 
neere  the  other  by  200.  leagues,  and  therefore  the  cer- 
taintie  is  not  knowen  ;  and  some  yeres  come  many  more 

EngJish.  then  other  some,  as  I  see  the  like  among  us :  who  since 
my  first  travell  being  but  4.  yeeres,  are  increased  from 
30.  sayle  to  50.  which  commeth  to  passe  chiefly  by  the 
imagination  of  the  Westerne  men,  who  thinke  their 
neighbours  have  had  greater  gaines  then  in  very  deed 
they  have,  for  that  they  see  me  to  take  such  paines 
yeerely  to  go  in  proper  person :  they  also  suppose  that 
I  find  some  secret  commoditie  by  reason  that  I  doe 
search  the  harbors,  creekes  and  havens,  and  also  the 
land  much  more  then  ever  any  Englishman  hath  done. 
Surely  I  am  glad  that  it  so  increaseth,  whereof  soever  it 
springeth.  But  to  let  this  passe,  you  shall  understand 
that  I  am   informed  that  there   are   above    100.   saile   of 

Spaniards.  Spaniards  that  come  to  take  Cod  (who  make  all  wet,  and 
do  drie  it  when  they  come  home)  besides  20.  or  30. 
more  that  come  from  Biskaie  to  kill  Whale  for  Traine. 
These  be  better  appoynted  for  shipping  and  furniture  of 
munition,  then  any  nation  saving  the  Englishmen,  who 
commonly  are  lords  of  the  harbors  where  they  fish,  and 
do  use  all  strangers  helpe  in  fishing  if  need  require, 
according  to  an  old  custome  of  the  countrey,  which 
thing  they  do  willingly,  so  that  you  take  nothing  from 
them  more  then  a  boat  or  twaine  of  salt,  in  respect  of 
your  protection  of  them  against  rovers  or  other  violent 
intruders,  who  do  often  put  them  from  good  harbor, 
&c.     As    touching    their   tunnage,    I   thinke    it   may   be 


A   REPORT   OF   NEWFOUNDLAND  ad. 

1578. 
neere   five   or    sixe   thousand   tunne.     But   of  Portugals  Portugah. 
there  are  not  lightly  above  50.  saile,  and  they  make  all 
wet  in  like  sorte,  whose  tunnage  may  amount  to  three 
thousand  tuns,  and  not  upwarde.     Of  the  French  nation   French 
and    Britons,    are    about    one   hundred   and   fiftie   sailes,  Britons. 
the  most  of  their  shipping  is  very  small,  not  past  fortie 
tunnes,  among  which  some  are  great  and  reasonably  well 
appointed,   better   then   the   Portugals,   and  not   so  well 
as  the  Spaniards,  and  the  burden  of  them  may  be  some 
7000.  tunne.     Their  shipping  is  from  all  parts  of  France 
and  Britaine,  and  the  Spaniards  from  most  parts  of  Spaine, 
the  Portugals  from  Aviero  and  Viana,  and  from  2.  or  3. 
ports  more.     The  trade  that  our  nation  hath  to   Island 
maketh,  that  the  English  are  not  there  in  such  numbers 
as  other  nations. 

Now  to  certifie  you  of  the  fertilitie  and  goodnesse  of  The  fertility 
the  countrey,  you  shall  understand  that  I  have  in  sundry  vNewfound- 
places  sowen  Wheate,  Barlie,  Rie,  Oates,  Beanes,  Pease 
and  seedes  of  herbes,  kernels,  Plumstones,  nuts,  all  which 
have   prospered  as   in  England.     The  countrey  yeeldeth 
many  good  trees  of  fruit,  as  Filberds  in  some  places,  but 
in  all  places  Cherie  trees,  and  a  kind  of  Pearetree  meet  to 
graffe  on.     As  for  Roses,  they  are  as  common  as  brambles 
here:   Strawberies,  Dewberies,  and  Raspis,  as  common  as 
grasse.     The  timber  is  most  Firre,  yet  plentie  of  Pine- 
apple trees :  fewe  of  these  two  kinds  meete  to  maste  a 
ship  of  threescore  and  ten :  But  neere  Cape  Briton,  and 
to  the  Southward,  big  and  sufficient  for  any  ship.     There 
be  also   Okes    &   thornes,   there   is   in   all  the   countrey  [III.  133.] 
plentie  of  Birch  and  Alder,  which  be  the  meetest  wood 
for  cole,  and  also  willow,  which  will  serve  for  many  other 
purposes.     As  touching  the  kindes  of  Fish  beside  Cod,  Several  sortes 
there  are    Herrings,    Salmons,    Thornebacke,    Plase,    or  vP^'- 
rather  wee   should  call  them   Flounders,  Dog   fish,  and 
another  most  excellent  of  taste  called  of  us  a  Cat,  Oisters, 
and  Muskles,  in  which  I  have  found  pearles  above  40. 
in  one  Muskle,   and  generally  all  have   some,  great  or 
small.     I  heard  of  a   Portugall   that   found   one  woorth 


A.D. 
1578. 


Called  by  the 

Spaniards 

Anchovasy 

and  by  the 

Portugals 

Capelhas. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

300.  duckets :  There  are  also  other  kinds  of  Shel-fish,  as 
limpets,  cockles,  wilkes,  lobsters,  and  crabs :  also  a  fish 
like  a  *  Smelt  which  commeth  on  shore,  and  another  that 
hath  the  like  propertie,  called  a  Squid :  these  be  the 
fishes,  which  (when  I  please  to  bee  merie  with  my  old 
companions)  I  say,  doe  come  on  shore  when  I  commaund 
them  in  the  name  of  the  5.  ports,  and  conjure  them  by 
such  like  words :  These  also  bee  the  fishes  which  I  may 
sweepe  with  broomes  on  a  heape,  and  never  wet  my  foote, 
onely  pronouncing  two  or  three  wordes  whatsoever  they 
be  appoynted  by  any  man,  so  they  heare  my  voyce :  the 
vertue  of  the  wordes  be  small,  but  the  nature  of  the  fish 
great  and  strange.  For  the  Squid,  whose  nature  is  to 
come  by  night  as  well  as  by  day,  I  tell  them,  I  set  him  a 
candle  to  see  his  way,  with  which  he  is  much  delighted, 
or  els  commeth  to  wonder  at  it  as  doe  our  fresh  water 
fish,  the  other  commeth  also  in  the  night,  but  chiefly  in 
the  day,  being  forced  by  the  Cod  that  would  devoure 
him,  and  therefore  for  feare  comming  so  neere  the  shore, 
is  driven  drie  by  the  surge  of  the  Sea  on  the  pibble  and 
sands.  Of  these  being  as  good  as  a  Smelt  you  may  take 
up  with  a  shove-net  as  plentifully  as  you  do  Wheate  in  a 
shovell,  sufl&cient  in  three  or  foure  houres  for  a  whole 
Citie.  There  be  also  other  fishes  which  I  tell  those  that 
are  desirous  of  strange  newes,  that  I  take  as  fast  as  one 
would  gather  up  stones,  and  them  I  take  with  a  long  pole 
and  hooke.  Yea  marrie  say  they,  wee  beleeve  so,  and 
that  you  catch  all  the  rest  you  bring  home  in  that  sort, 
from  Portugals  and  Frenchmen.  No  surely,  but  thus  I 
doe :  with  three  hookes  stretched  foorth  in  the  ende  of 
a  pole,  I  make  as  it  were  an  Eele  speare,  with  which  I 
pricke  those  Flounders  as  fast  as  you  would  take  up 
fritters  with  a  sharpe  pointed  sticke,  and  with  that  toole 
I  may  take  up  in  lesse  then  halfe  a  day  Lobsters  sufficient 
to  finde  three  hundred  men  for  a  dayes  meate.  This 
pastime  ended,  I  shewe  them  that  for  my  pleasure  I  take 
a  great  Mastive  I  have,  and  say  no  more  then  thus :  Goe 
fetch  me  this  rebellious  fish  that  obeyeth  not  this  Gentle- 

12 


A   REPORT   OF   NEWFOUNDLAND  ad. 

1578. 
man  that  commeth  from  Kent  and  Christendome,  bringing 
them  to  the  high  water  marke,  and  when  hee  doubteth 
that  any  of  those  great  Cods  by  reason  of  shelving 
ground  bee  like  to  tumble  into  the  Sea  againe,  hee  will 
warily  take  heede  and  carrie  him  up  backe  to  the  heape 
of  his  fellowes.  This  doeth  cause  my  friendes  to  wonder, 
and  at  the  first  hearing  to  judge  them  notorious  lies,  but 
they  laugh  and  are  merrie  when  they  heare  the  meanes 
howe  each  tale  is  true. 

I  tolde  you  once  I  doe  remember  how  in  my  travaile 
into  Africa  and  America,  I  found  trees  that  bare  Oisters, 
which  was  strange  to  you,  till  I  tolde  you  that  their 
boughes  hung  in  the  water,  on  which  both  Oisters  and 
Muskles  did  sticke  fast,  as  their  propertie  is,  to  stakes 
and  timber. 

Nowe  to  let  these  merrie  tales  passe,  and  to  come  to 
earnest  matters  againe,  you  shall  understand,  that  New- 
foundland is  in  a  temperate  Climate,  and  not  so  colde  as 
foolish  Mariners  doe  say,  who  finde  it  colde  sometimes 
when  plentie  of  Isles  of  yce  lie  neere  the  shore :  but  up 
in  the  land  they  shall  finde  it  hotter  then  in  England  in 
many  parts  of  the  countrey  toward  the  South.  This 
colde  commeth  by  an  accidentall  meanes,  as  by  the  yce 
that  commeth  fleeting  from  the  North  partes  of  the 
worlde,  and  not  by  the  situation  of  the  countrey,  or 
nature  of  the  Climate.  The  countrey  is  full  of  little 
small  rivers  all  the  yeere  long  proceeding  from  the 
mountaines,  ingendred  both  of  snow  and  raine :  few 
springs  that  ever  I  could  finde  or  heare  of,  except  it  bee 
towards  the  South :  in  some  places  or  rather  in  most 
places  great  lakes  with  plentie  of  fish,  the  countrey  most 
covered  with  woods  of  firre,  yet  in  many  places  indifferent 
good  grasse,  and  plentie  of  Beares  every  where,  so  that 
you  may  kill  of  them  as  oft  as  you  list :  their  flesh  is  as 
good  as  yong  beefe,  and  hardly  you  may  know  the  one 
from  the  other  if  it  be  poudred  but  two  dayes.  Of 
Otters  we  may  take  like  store.  There  are  Sea  Guls, 
Murres,   Duckes,  wild  Geese,  and  many  other  kind  of 

13 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1578. 

birdes  store,  too  long  to  write,  especially  at  one  Island 
named  Penguin,  where  wee  may  drive  them  on  a  planke 
into  our  ship  as  many  as  shall  lade  her.  These  birdes 
are  also  called  Penguins,  and  cannot  flie,  there  is  more 
meate  in  one  of  these  then  in  a  ^oose :  the  Frenchmen 
that  fish  neere  the  grand  baie,  doe  bring  small  store  of 
flesh  with  them,  but  victuall  themselves  alwayes  with 
these  birdes.  Nowe  againe,  for  Venison  plentie,  especially 
to  the  North  about  the  grand  baie,  and  in  the  South 
neere  Cape  Race,  and  Plesance :  there  are  many  other 
kinds  of  beasts,  as  Luzarnes  and  other  mighty  beastes 
like  to  Camels  in  greatnesse,  and  their  feete  cloven,  I 
did  see  them  farre  off  not  able  to  discerne  them  perfectly, 
but  their  steps  shewed  that  their  feete  were  cloven,  and 
bigger  then  the  feete  of  Camels,  I  suppose  them  to 
[III.  134.]  bee  a  kind  of  Buffes  which  I  read  to  bee  in  the  countreyes 
adjacent,  and  very  many  in  the  firme  land.  There  bee 
also  to  the  Northwards,  Hares  and  Foxes  in  all  parts  so 
plentifully,  that  at  noone  dayes  they  take  away  our  flesh 
before  our  faces  within  lesse  then  halfe  a  paire  of  buts 
length,  where  foure  and  twentie  persons  were  turning  of 
drie  fish,  and  two  dogs  in  sight,  yet  stoode  they  not 
in  feare  till  wee  gave  shot  and  set  the  dogs  upon  them  : 
the  Beares  also  be  as  bold,  which  will  not  spare  at 
midday  to  take  your  fish  before  your  face,  and  I  beleeve 
assuredly  would  not  hurt  any  bodie  unlesse  they  be 
forced. 

Nowe  to  shew  you  my  fancie  what  places  I  suppose 
meetest  to  inhabite  in  those  parts  discovered  of  late  by 
our  nation :  There  is  neere  about  the  mouth  of  the  grand 
Bay,  an  excellent  harbour  called  of  the  Frenchmen  Chas- 
teaux,  and  one  Island  in  the  very  entrie  of  the  streight 
called  Bell  Isle,  which  places  if  they  be  peopled  and  well 
fortified  (as  there  are  stones  and  things  meete  for  it 
throughout  all  Newfound  land)  wee  shall  bee  lordes  of 
the  whole  fishing  in  small  time,  if  it  doe  so  please  the 
Queenes  Majestic,  and  from  thence  send  wood  and  cole 
with  all  necessaries  to  Labrador  lately  discovered  :  but  I 

14 


A   REPORT   OF   NEWFOUNDLAND  ad. 

1578. 
am  of  opinion,  and  doe  most  stedfastly  beleeve  that  we 
shall  finde  as  rich  Mines  in  more  temperate  places  and 
Climates,  and  more  profitable  for  fishing  then  any  yet  we 
have  used,  where  wee  shall  have  not  farre  from  thence 
plentie  of  salt  made  by  fire  undoubtedly,  and  very  likely 
by  the  heate  of  the  Sunne,  by  reason  I  finde  salt  kerned 
on  the  rockes  in  nine  and  fortie  and  better :  these  places 
may  bee  found  for  salte  in  three  and  fortie.  I  know  more 
touching  these  two  commodities  last  remembred  then  any 
man  of  our  nation  doeth ;  for  that  I  have  some  know- 
ledge in  such  matters,  and  have  most  desired  the  finding 
of  them  by  painefull  travaile,  and  most  diligent  inquirie. 
Now  to  be  short,  for  I  have  bene  over  long  by  Master 
Butlers  means,  who  cryed  on  mee  to  write  at  large,  and  of 
as  many  things  as  I  call  to  minde  woorthy  of  remem- 
brance :  wherefore  this  one  thing  more.  I  could  wish  the 
Island  in  the  mouth  of  the  river  of  Canada  should  bee 
inhabited,  and  the  river  searched,  for  that  there  are  many 
things  which  may  rise  thereof,  as  I  will  shew  you  here- 
after. I  could  find  in  my  heart  to  make  proofe  whether 
it  be  true  or  no  that  I  have  read  and  heard  of  Frenchmen 
and  Portugals  to  bee  in  that  river,  and  about  Cape  Briton. 
I  had  almost  forgot  to  speake  of  the  plentie  of  wolves, 
and  to  shew  you  that  there  be  foxes,  blacke,  white  & 
gray :  other  beasts  I  know  none  save  those  before 
remembred.  I  found  also  certain  Mines  of  yron  and 
copper  in  S.  Johns,  and  in  the  Island  of  Yron,  which 
things  might  turne  to  our  great  benefite,  if  our  men  had 
desire  to  plant  thereabout,  for  proofe  whereof  I  have 
brought  home  some  of  the  oare  of  both  sortes.  And 
thus  I  ende,  assuring  you  on  my  faith,  that  if  I  had  not 
beene  deceived  by  the  vile  Portugals  descending  of  the 
Jewes  and  Judas  kinde,  I  had  not  failed  to  have  searched 
this  river,  and  all  the  coast  of  Cape  Briton,  what  might 
have  bene  found  to  have  benefited  our  countrey :  but 
they  breaking  their  bands,  and  falsifying  their  faith  and 
promise,  disappointed  me  of  the  salte  they  should  have 
brought  me  in  part  of  recompense  of  my  good  service  in 

15 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1578. 

defending  them  two  yeeres  against  French  Rovers,  that 
had  spoyled  them,  if  I  had  not  defended  them. 

By  meanes  whereof  they  made  me  lose  not  onely  the 
searching  of  the  countrey,  but  also  forced  mee  to  come 
home  with  great  losse  above  600.  li.  For  recompence 
whereof  I  have  sent  my  man  into  Portugall  to  demaund 
justice  at  the  Kings  hand,  if  not,  I  must  put  up  my 
supplication  to  the  Queenes  Majesty  &  her  honourable 
councell,  to  grant  me  leave  to  stay  here  so  much  of  their 
goods  as  they  have  damnified  mee,  or  else  that  I  may  take 
of  them  in  Newfound  land,  as  much  fish  as  shall  be 
woorth  600.  li.  or  as  much  as  the  sake  might  have  made. 
I  pray  you  advertise  mee  what  way  I  were  best  to  take, 
and  what  hope  there  will  bee  of  a  recompence  if  I  follow 
the  suite :  many  there  are  that  doe  comfort  me,  and  doe 
bid  me  proceede,  for  that  her  Majestie  and  the  councell 
doe  tender  poore  fisher  men,  who  with  me  have  susteined 
three  hundred  pound  losse  in  that  voyage.  And  to 
conclude,  if  you  and  your  friend  shall  thinke  me  a  man 
sufficient  and  of  credite,  to  seeke  the  Isle  of  S.  John,  or 
the  river  of  Canada,  with  any  part  of  the  firme  land 
of  Cape  Briton,  I  shall  give  my  diligence  for  the  true  and 
perfect  discoverie,  and  leave  some  part  of  mine  owne 
businesse  to  further  the  same :  and  thus  I  end,  com- 
mitting you  to  God.  From  Bristow  the  13.  of  November, 
1578. 

Yours  to  use  and  command 

Anthony  Parckhurst. 


16 


SIR  HUMPHREY  GILBERT'S  PATENTS 


A.D. 

1578. 


The    Letters    Patents    graunted    by    her    Majestic  [ni.  135- 
to     Sir     Humfrey     Gilbert     knight,    for    the 
inhabiting    and    planting    of    our    people    in 
America. 


LIZABETH  by  the  grace  of  God  Queene 
of  England,  &c.  To  all  people  to  whom 
these  presents  shall  come,  greeting. 
Know  ye  that  of  our  especiall  grace, 
certaine  science  and  meere  motion,  we 
have  given  and  granted,  and  by  these 
presents  for  us,  our  heires  and  succes- 
sours,  doe  give  and  graunt  to  our  trustie  and  welbeloved 
servaunt  Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  of  Compton,  in  our 
Countie  of  Devonshire  knight,  and  to  his  heires  and 
assignes  for  ever,  free  libertie  and  licence  from  time 
to  time  and  at  all  times  for  ever  hereafter,  to  discover^" 
finde,  search  out,  and  view  such  remote,  heathen  and 
barbarous  lands,  countreys  and  territories  not  actually 
possessed  of  any  Christian  prince  or  people,  as  to  him, 
his  heires  &  assignes,  and  to  every  or  any  of  them, 
shall  seeme  good :  and  the  same  to  have,  hold,  occupie" 
and  enjoy  to  him,  his  heires  and  assignes  for  ever,  with 
all  commodities,  jurisdictions  and  royalties  both  by  sea 
and  land :  and  the  sayd  sir  Humfrey  and  all  such  as  from 
time  to  time  by  licence  of  us,  our  heires  and  successours, 
shall  goe  and  travell  thither,  to  inhabite  or  remaine  there, 
to  build  and  fortifie  at  the  discretion  of  the  sayde  sir 
Humfrey,  and  of  his  heires  and  assignes,  the  statutes 
or  actes  of  Parliament  made  against  Fugitives,  or  against 
such  as  shall  depart,  remaine,  or  continue  out  of  our 
Realme  of  England  without  licence,  or  any  other  acte, 
statute,  lawe,  or  matter  whatsoever  to  the  contrary  in 
any  wise  notwithstanding.  And  wee  doe  likewise  by 
these  presents,  for  us,  our  heires  and  successours,  give 
full  authoritie  and  power  to  the  saide  Sir  Humfrey, 
his  heires  and  assignes,  and  every  of  them,  that  hee  and 
vni  17  B 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1578. 

they,  and  every,  or  any  of  them,  shall  and  may  at  all 
and  every  time  and  times  hereafter,  have,  take,  and  lead 
in  the  same  voyages,  to  travell  thitherward,  and  to 
inhabite  there  with  him,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  such 
and  so  many  of  our  subjects  as  shall  willingly  accompany 
him  and  them,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  with  sufficient 
shipping,  and  furniture  for  their  transportations,  so  that 
none  of  the  same  persons,  nor  any  of  them  be  such  as 
hereafter  shall  be  specially  restrained  by  us,  our  heires  and 
successors.  And  further,  that  he  the  said  Humfrey,  his 
heires  and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  shall  have, 
hold,  occupy  &  enjoy  to  him,  his  heires  or  assignes,  and 
every  of  them  for  ever,  all  the  soyle  of  all  such  lands, 
countries,  &  territories  so  to  be  discovered  or  possessed  as 
'^y  aforesaid,  and  of  all  Cities,  Castles,  Townes  and  Villages, 
and  places  in  the  same,  with  the  rites,  royalties  and 
jurisdictions,  as  well  marine  as  other,  within  the  sayd 
lands  or  countreys  of  the  seas  thereunto  adjoyning,  to  be 
had  or  used  with  ful  power  to  dispose  thereof,  &  of 
every  part  thereof  in  fee  simple  or  otherwise,  according 
to  the  order  of  the  laws  of  England,  as  nere  as  the  same 
conveniently  may  be,  at  his,  and  their  will  &  pleasure,  to 
any  person  then  being,  or  that  shall  remaine  within  the 
allegiance  of  us,  our  heires  and  successours,  paying  unto 
us  for  all  services,  dueties  and  demaunds,  the  fift  part  of 
all  the  oare  of  gold  and  silver,  that  from  time  to  time,  and 
at  all  times  after  such  discoverie,  subduing  and  possessing 
shall  be  there  gotten :  all  which  lands,  countreys  and 
territories,  shall  for  ever  bee  holden  by  the  sayd  Sir 
Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes  of  us,  our  heires  and 
successours  by  homage,  and  by  the  sayd  payment  of 
the  sayd  fift  part  before  reserved  onely  for  all  services. 
And  moreover,  we  doe  by  these  presents  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successours,  give  and  graunt  licence  to  the 
sayde  Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  his  heires  or  assignes,  and 
to  every  of  them,  that  hee  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of 
them  shall,  and  may  from  time  to  time,  and  all  times  for 
ever    hereafter,    for    his    and    their    defence,  encounter, 

18 


SIR  HUMPHREY  GILBERT'S  PATENTS  ad. 

1578. 
expulse,  repell,  and  resist,  as  well  by  Sea  as  by  land,  and 
by  all  other  wayes  whatsoever,  all,  and  every  such  person 
and  persons  whatsoever,  as  without  the  speciall  licence 
and  liking  of  the  sayd  Sir  Humfrey,  and  of  his  heires 
and  assignes,  shall  attempt  to  inhabite  within  the  sayd 
countreys,  or  any  of  them,  or  within  the  space  of  two 
hundreth  leagues  neere  to  the  place  or  places  within  such 
countreys  as  aforesayd,  if  they  shall  not  bee  before 
planted  or  inhabited  within  the  limites  aforesayd,  with  the 
subjects  of  any  Christian  prince,  being  in  amitie  with  her 
Majesty,  where  the  said  sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  or 
assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or  his  or  their,  or  any  of  their 
associates  or  companies,  shall  within  sixe  yeeres  next 
ensuing,  make  their  dwellings  and  abidings,  or  that  shall 
enterprise  or  attempt  at  any  time  hereafter  unlawfully  to 
annoy  either  by  Sea  or  land,  the  said  sir  Humfrey,  his 
heires  or  assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or  his  or  their,  or  any 
of  their  companies :  giving  and  graunting  by  these 
presents,  further  power  and  authoritie  to  the  sayd  sir  [III.  136.] 
Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  every  of  them 
from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  for  ever  hereafter  to 
take  and  surprise  by  all  maner  of  meanes  whatsoever,  all 
and  every  person  and  persons,  with  their  shippes,  vessels, 
and  other  goods  and  furniture,  which  without  the  licence 
of  the  sayd  sir  Humfrey,  or  his  heires  or  assignes  as 
aforesayd,  shall  bee  found  traffiquing  into  any  harborough 
or  harboroughs,  creeke  or  creekes  within  the  limites 
aforesayde,  (the  subjects  of  our  Realmes  and  dominions, 
and  all  other  persons  in  amitie  with  us,  being  driven  by 
force  of  tempest  or  shipwracke  onely  excepted)  and  those 
persons  and  every  of  them  with  their  ships,  vessels,  goods, 
and  furniture,  to  detaine  and  possesse,  as  of  good  and 
lawfuU  prize,  according  to  the  discretion  of  him  the  sayd 
sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  of  every  or  any 
of  them.  And  for  uniting  in  more  perfect  league  and 
amitie  of  such  countreys,  landes  and  territories  so  to  bee 
possessed  and  inhabited  as  aforesayde,  with  our  Realmes 
of  England  and  Ireland,  and  for  the  better  encouragement 

19 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1578. 

of  men  to  this  enterprise :  wee  doe  by  these  presents 
graunt,  and  declare,  that  all  such  countreys  so  hereafter  to 
bee  possessed  and  inhabited  as  aforesayd,  from  thence- 
foorth  shall  bee  of  the  allegiance  of  us,  our  heires,  and 
successours.  And  wee  doe  graunt  to  the  sayd  sir 
Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  to  all  and  every 
of  them,  and  to  all  and  every  other  person  and  persons, 
being  of  our  allegiance,  whose  names  shall  be  noted  or 
entred  in  some  of  our  courts  of  Record,  within  this  our 
Realm e  of  England,  and  that  with  the  assent  of  the  sayd 
sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  or  assignes,  shall  nowe  in  this 
journey  for  discoverie,  or  in  the  second  journey  for 
conquest  hereafter,  travel  to  such  lands,  countries  and 
territories  as  aforesaid,  and  to  their  and  every  of  their 
heires :  that  they  and  every  or  any  of  them  being  either 
borne  within  our  sayd  Realmes  of  England  or  Ireland,  or 
within  any  other  place  within  our  allegiance,  and  which 
hereafter  shall  be  inhabiting  within  any  the  lands, 
countreys  and  territories,  with  such  licence  as  aforesayd, 
shall,  and  may  have,  and  enjoy  all  the  privileges  of  free 
denizens  and  persons  native  of  England,  and  within  our 
allegiance :  any  law,  custome,  or  usage  to  the  contrary 
notwithstanding. 

And  forasmuch,  as  upon  the  finding  out,  discovering  and 
inhabiting  of  such  remote  lands,  countreys  and  territories, 
as  aforesayd,  it  shall  be  necessarie  for  the  safetie  of  all 
men  that  shall  adventure  themselves  in  those  journeys  or 
voiages,  to  determine  to  live  together  in  Christian  peace 
and  civill  quietnesse  each  with  other,  whereby  every  one 
,  may  with  more  pleasure  and  profit,  enjoy  that  whereunto 
'  they  shall  attaine  with  great  paine  and  perill :  wee  for  us, 
our  heires  and  successours  are  likewise  pleased  and 
contented,  and  by  these  presents  doe  give  and  graunt  to 
the  sayd  sir  Humfrey  and  his  heires  and  assignes  for  ever, 
that  he  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  shall  and 
may  from  time  to  time  for  ever  hereafter  within  the 
sayd  mentioned  remote  lands  and  countreys,  and  in  the 
way  by  the  Seas  thither,  and  from  thence,  have  full  and 


SIR  HUMPHREY  GILBERT'S  PATENTS  a.d. 

1578. 
meere  power  and  authoritie  to  correct,  punish,  pardon, 
governe  and  rule  by  their,  and  every  or  any  of  their  good 
discretions  and  poUicies,  as  well  in  causes  capitall  or 
criminall,  as  civill,  both  marine  and  other,  all  such  our 
subjects  and  others,  as  shall  from  time  to  time  hereafter 
adventure  themselves  in  the  sayd  journeys  or  voyages 
habitative  or  possessive,  or  that  shall  at  any  time  hereafter 
inhabite  any  such  lands,  countreys  or  territories  as 
aforesayd,  or  that  shall  abide  within  two  hundred  leagues 
of  any  the  sayd  place  or  places,  where  the  sayd  sir 
Humfrey  or  his  heires,  or  assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or 
any  of  his  or  their  associats  or  companies,  shall  inhabite 
within  sixe  yeeres  next  ensuing  the  date  hereof,  according 
to  such  statutes,  lawes  and  ordinances,  as  shall  be  by  him 
the  said  sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  or  every, 
or  any  of  them  devised  or  established  for  the  better 
governement  of  the  said  people  as  aforesayd :  so  alwayes 
that  the  sayd  statutes,  lawes  and  ordinances  may  be  as 
neere  as  conveniently  may,  agreeable  to  the  forme  of  the 
lawes  &  pollicy  of  England :  and  also,  that  they  be  not 
against  the  true  Christian  faith  or  religion  now  professed 
in  the  church  of  England,  nor  in  any  wise  to  withdraw 
any  of  the  subjects  or  people  of  those  lands  or  places 
from  the  allegiance  of  us,  our  heires  or  successours,  as 
their  immediate  Soveraignes  under  God.  And  further 
we  doe  by  these  presents  for  us,  our  heires  and  suc- 
cessours, give  and  graunt  full  power  and  authority  to  our 
trustie  and  welbeloved  counseller,  sir  William  Cecill 
knight,  lord  Burleigh,  our  high  treasurer  of  England,  and 
to  the  lord  treasurer  of  England  of  us,  for  the  time 
being,  and  to  the  privie  counsell  of  us,  our  heires  and 
successours,  or  any  foure  of  them  for  the  time  being, 
that  he,  they,  or  any  foure  of  them,  shall,  and  may  from 
time  to  time  and  at  all  times  hereafter,  under  his  or  their 
handes  or  seales  by  vertue  of  these  presents,  authorize 
and  licence  the  sayd  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  by  him  and  them- 
selves, or  by  their  or  any  of  their   sufficient  atturneys, 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1578. 

deputies  officers,  ministers,  factors  and  servants,  to 
imbarke  and  transport  out  of  our  Realmes  of  England 
and  Ireland,  all,  or  any  of  his  or  their  goods,  and  all  or 
any  the  goods  of  his  or  their  associates  and  companies, 
and  every  or  any  of  them,  with  such  other  necessaries  and 
commodities  of  any  our  Realmes,  as  to  the  said  lord 
treasurer  or  foure  of  the  privie  counsell  of  us,  our  heires, 
or  successours  for  the  time  being,  as  aforesayd,  shall  be 
from  time  to  time  by  his  or  their  wisedoms  or  discretions 
thought  meete  and  convenient  for  the  better  reliefe  and 
supportation  of  him  the  sayd  sir  Humfrey,  his  heires 
and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  and  his  and  their, 
[III.  137.]  and  every  or  any  of  their  said  associates  and  companies, 
any  act,  statute,  lawe,  or  other  thing  to  the  contrary  in 
any  wise  notwithstanding. 

Provided  alwayes,  and  our  will  and  pleasure  is,  and 
wee  doe  hereby  declare  to  all  Christian  Kings,  princes 
and  states,  that  if  the  said  Sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  or 
assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or  any  other  by  their  licence 
or  appointment,  shall  at  any  time  or  times  hereafter 
robbe  or  spoiie  by  Sea  or  by  land,  or  doe  any  act  of 
unjust  and  unlawfull  hostilitie  to  any  of  the  Subjects  of 
us,  our  heires,  or  successours,  or  any  of  the  Subjects 
of  any  King,  prince,  ruler,  governour  or  state  being  then 
in  perfect  league  and  amitie  with  us,  our  heires  or 
successours:  and  that  upon  such  injurie,  or  upon  just 
complaint  of  any  such  prince,  ruler,  governour  or  state, 
or  their  subjects,  wee  our  heires  or  successors  shall 
make  open  proclamation  within  any  the  portes  of  our 
Realme  of  England  commodious,  that  the  said  Sir  Hum- 
frey, his  heires  or  assignes,  or  any  other  to  whom  these 
our  Letters  patents  may  extend,  shall  within  the  terme 
to  be  limited  by  such  proclamations,  make  full  restitution 
and  satisfaction  of  all  such  injuries  done,  so  as  both  we 
and  the  saide  Princes,  or  others  so  complayning,  may 
holde  us  and  themselves  fully  contended :  And  that  if 
the  saide  Sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  shall  not 
make    or    cause    to    bee    made    satisfaction    accordingly, 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS  a.d. 

1583. 

within  such  time  so  to  be  limited  :  that  then  it  shall  bee 
lawfull  to  us,  our  heires  and  successors,  to  put  the  said 
Sir  Humfrey,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  adherents,  and 
all  the  inhabitants  of  the  said  places  to  be  discovered  as 
is  aforesaide,  or  any  of  them  out  of  our  allegiance  and 
protection,  and  that  from  and  after  such  time  of  putting 
out  of  protection  the  saide  Sir  Humfrey,  and  his  heires, 
assignes,  adherents  and  others  so  to  be  put  out,  and  the 
said  places  within  their  habitation,  possession  and  rule, 
shal  be  out  of  our  protection  and  allegiance,  and  free  for 
all  Princes  and  others  to  pursue  with  hostilitie  as  being 
not  our  Subjects,  nor  by  us  any  way  to  bee  ad  vowed, 
maintained  or  defended,  nor  to  be  holden  as  any  of  ours, 
nor  to  our  protection,  dominion  or  allegiance  any  way 
belonging,  for  that  expresse  mention,  &c.  In  witnesse 
whereof,  &c.  Witnesse  our  selfe  at  Westminster  the  1 1 . 
day  of  June,  the  twentieth  yeere  of  our  raigne.     Anno 

-* '    *  Per  ipsam   Reginam,  &c. 

De  Navigatione  Illustris  &  Magnanimi  Equitis 
aurati  Humfredi  Gilbert!,  ad  deducendam  in 
novum    Orbem     coloniam    suscepta,     Carmen 

eiri^ariKOv    StEPHANI    PaRMENII    BudEII. 

Ad  eundem  illustrem  equitem  autoris  prasfatio. 

Eddenda  est,  quam  fieri  potest  brevissime, 
in  hoc  vestibulo,  ratio  facti  mei,  &  cur 
ita  homo  novus  &  exterus,  in  tanta 
literatissimorum  hominum  copia,  quibus 
Anglia  beata  est,  versandum  in  hoc 
argumento  mihi  putaverim  :  ita  enim  tu, 
fortissime  Gilberte,  foetum  hunc  nostrum 
in  lucem  exire  voluisti.  In  servitute  &  barbarie  Tur- 
cica, Christianis  tamen,  magno  immortalis  Dei  beneficio, 
parentibus  natus,  aliqaam  etiam  aetatis  partem  educatus ; 
postquam  doctissiraorum  hominum  opera,  quibus  tum 
Pannonias    nostrae,    tum    imprimis    salvae    adhuc    earum 

23 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

reliquiae  florescunt,  in  literis  adolevissem,  more  nos- 
trorum  hominum,  ad  invisendas  Christiani  orbis  Acade- 
mias  ablegatus  fui.  Qua  in  peregrinatione,  non  solum 
complura  Musarum  hospitia,  sed  multas  etiam  sapienter 
institutas  respublicas,  multarum  Ecclesiarum  probatissi- 
mas  administrationes  introspeximus,  jam  ferme  triennio 
ea  in  re  posito.  Fuerat  haec  nostra  profectio  ita  a  nobis 
comparata,  ut  non  tantum  mores  &  urbes  gentium 
videndum,  sed  in  familiaritatem,  aut  saltem  notitiam 
illustriorum  hominum  introeundum  nobis  putaremus. 
Csterum,  ut  hoc  a  nobis  sine  invidia  did  possit,  (certe 
enim  taceri  absque  malicia  nullo  modo  potest)  non  locus, 
non  natio,  non  respublica  ulla  nobis  aeque  ac  tua  Britan- 
nia complacuit,  quamcunque  in  partem  eventum  consilii 
mei  considerem.  Accedit,  quod  praeter  omnem  expecta- 
tionem  meam  ab  omnibus  tuis  civibus,  quibuscum  aliqua 
consuetudo  mihi  contigit,  tanta  passim  humanitate  accep- 
tus  essem,  ut  jam  (sit  hoc  salva  pietate  a  me  dictum) 
suavissimas  Anglorum  amicitiae  ferme  aboleverint  desi- 
derium  &  Pannoniarum  &  Budae  meas,  quibus  patri^ 
nomen  debeo.  Quas  ab  caussas  cum  ssepenumero  animus 
fuisset  signification  em  aliquam  nostrae  hujus  voluntatis 
&  existimationis  edendi ;  accidit  utique  secundum  sen- 
tentiam,  ut  dum  salutandis  &  cognoscendis  excellentibus 
viris  Londini  operam  do,  ornatissimus  ac  doctissimus 
amicus  meus  Richardus  Hakluytus  ad  te  me  deduxerit, 
explicato  mihi  pr^clarissimo  tuo  de  ducenda  propediem 
colonia  in  novum  orbem  instituto.  Quae  dum  aguntur, 
agnoscere  potui  ego  illud  corpus  &  animum  tuum  sem- 
piterna  posteritatis  commemoratione  dignum,  &  agnovi 
profecto,  eaque  tali  ac  tanta  observantia  prosequi  coepi ; 
ut  cum  paulo  post  plura  de  tuis  virtutibus,  &  rebus 
gestis  passim  audissem,  tempus  longe  accommodatissi- 
[III.  138.]  mum  existimarem  esse,  quo  aliqua  parte  officii  studiique 
nostri,  erga  te  &  tuam  gentem  perfungerer.  Hoc  est 
primum  ovum,  unde  nostrum  ein^ariKov  originem  ducit. 
Reliquum  est,  ut  eas  &  redeas  quam  prosperrime, 
vir     nobilissime,    &     benevolentia     tua,    autoritate,    ac 

24 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS 

nomine,   tueare   studium    nostrum.     Vale    pridie    Kalen. 
Aprilis   1583. 

Ad  Thamesin. 

AMnis,  inojffensa  qui  tarn  requiete  beatus 
Antipodum  quaeris  jam  tibi  in  orbe  locum : 
Nunc  tibi  principium  meritas,  pro  tempore,  laudis 

Fecimus,  &  raucae  carmina  prima  tubae. 
Tum  cum  reddideris,  modo  quam  dimittimus,  Argo, 
Ornatu  perages  gaudia  festa  novo. 


A.D. 

1583. 


Uas  nova  tam  subito  mutati  gratia  coeli  ? 

Unde  graves  nimbi  vitreas  tenuantur  in 
auras  ? 

Diffugiunt     nebula,     puroque     nitentior 
ortu 

Illustrat      terras,      clementiaque      aequora 
Titan  ? 

Nimirum  posuere  Noti,  meliorque  resurgit 
EuRus,  &  in  ventos  solvuntur  vela  secundos, 
Vela  quibus  gentis  decus  immortale  Britannia 
Tendit  ad  ignotum  nostris  majoribus  orbem 
Vix  notis  Gilebertus  aquis.     Ecquando  licebit 
Ordiri  heroas  laudes,  &  facta  nepotum 
Attonitis  memoranda  animis  ?     Si  ccepta  silendum  est 
Ilia,  quibus  nostri  priscis  aetatibus  audent 
Conferri,  &  certare  dies :    quibus  obvia  piano 
Jamdudum  Fortuna  solo,  quibus  omne  per  undas 
Nereidum  genus  exultat,  faustoque  tridenti 
Ipse  pater  Nereus  placabile  temperat  aequor. 
Et  passim  Oceano  curvi  Delphines  ab  imo 
In  summos  saliunt  fluctus,  quasi  terga  pararent 
In  quibus  evectae  sulcent  freta  prospera  puppes. 
Et  quasi  diluvium,  tempestatesque  minatur 
Follibus  inflatis  inimica  in  vela  physeter. 
Et  favet  jEg^on,  &  qui  Neptunia  Proteus 
Armenta,  ac  turpes  alit  imo  in  gurgite  phocas. 
Atque  idem  modo  ab  antiqua  virtute  celebrat 

25 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

Sceptra  Chaledonidum  :    seclis  modo  fata  futuris 
Pandit,  &  ad  seros  canit  eventura  minores. 
Ut  pacis  bellique  bonis  notissima  vasto 
Insula  in  Oceano,  magni  decus  Anglia  mundi ; 
Postquam  opibus  dives,  populo  numerosa  frequenti, 
Tot  Celebris  factis,  toto  caput  extulit  orbe ; 
Non  incauta  sui,  ne  quando  immensa  potestas 
Pondere  sit  ruitura  suo,  nova  moenia  natis 
Quaerat,  &  in  longum  extendat  sua  regna  recessum  : 
Non  aliter,  quam  cum  ventis  sublimibus  aptae 
In  nidis  crevere  grues,  proficiscitur  ingens 
De  nostra  ad  tepidum  tellure  colonia  Nilum. 

Euge,  sacrum  pectus,  tibi,  per  tot  secula,  soli 
Servata  est  regio  nullis  regnata  Monarch  is. 
Et  triplici  quondam   mundi  natura  notata 
Margine,  &  audacem  quarto  dignata  Columbum  ; 
Jam  quinta  lustranda  plaga  tibi,  jamque  regenda 
Imperio  superest.     Europam  Asiamque  relinque, 
Et  fortunatam  nimium,  nisi  sole  propinquo 
Arderet,  Libyen  :    illis  sua  facta  viasque 
Terminet  Alcides  :    abs  te  illustranda  quiescit 
[III.  139.]  Parte  alia  tellus,  quam  non  Babylonia  sceptra, 

Non  Macedum  invictae  vires,  non  Persica  virtus 
Attigit,  aut  unquam  Lati^  feriere  secures. 
Non  illo  soboles   Mahometi  mugiit  orbe : 
Non  vafer  Hispanus,  ccelo,  superisque  relictis, 
Sacra  Pap^  humano  crudelia  sanguine  fecit. 
Illic  mortales  hominumque  ignota  propago ; 
Sive  illi  nostrae  veniant  ab  origine  gentis, 
Seu  tandem  a  prisca  Faunorum  stirpe  supersint 
Antiqua  geniti  terra,  sine  legibus  urbes 
Sylvasque  &  pingues  habitant  civilibus  agros : 
Et  priscos  referunt  mores,  vitamque  sequuntur 
Italic  antiquae,  &  primi  rude  temporis  aevum  : 
Cum  genitor  nati  fugiens  Saturnus  ob  iram 
In  Latio  posuit  sedem,  rudibusque  regendos 
In  tenues  vicos  homines  collegit  ab   agris. 
Aurea  in  hoc  primum  populo  coepisse  feruntur 

26 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS  ad. 

1583. 
Secula,  sicque  homines  vitam  duxisse  bead  ; 
Ut  simul  argenti  percurrens  tempora,  &  sris, 
Degener  in  durum  chalybem  vilesceret  aetas  ; 
Rursus  in  antiquum,  de  quo  descenderat,  aurum 
(Sic  perhibent  vates)  aevo  vertente  rediret. 
Fallor  an  est  tempus,  revolutoque  orbe  videntur 
Aurea  pacificas  transmittere  secula  gentes  ? 
Fallor  enim,  si  quassatas  tot  cladibus  urbes 
Respicio,  &  passim  lacerantes  regna  tyrannos : 
Si  Mahometigenis  Asiam  Libyamque  cruento 
Marte  premi,  domitaque  jugum  cervice  subire : 
Jamque  per  Europe  fines  immane  tribunal 
Barbari  adorari  domini,  Dacisque,  Pelasgisque 
^MATHiisQUE,  omnique  solo  quod  dividit  Hebrus, 
Et  quondam  bello  invictis,  nunc  Marte  sinistro 
Angustos  fines,  parvamque  tuentibus  oram 
Pannoni^  populis,  &  prisca  in  gente  Liburnis. 
Tum  vero  in  superos  pugnas  sine  fine  cieri 
Patribus  Ausoniis  :  ardere  in  bella,  necesque 
Sarmaticas  gentes :  &  adhuc  a  caede  recenti 
HisPANUM  sancto  Gallumque  madere  cruore. 
Non  sunt  haec  auri,  non  sunt  documenta,  sed  atrox 
Ingenio  referunt  ferrum,  &  si  dicere  ferro 
Deteriora  mihi  licet,  intractabile  saxum. 

At  vero  ad  niveos  alia  si  parte  Britannos 
Verto  oculos  animumque,  quot,  6  pulcherrima  tellus, 
Testibus  antiquo  vitam  traducis  in  auro  ? 
Namque  quod  hoc  summum  colitur  tibi  numen  honore 
Quo  superi,  atque  omnis  geniorum  casta  juventus 
lllius  ad  sacra  jussa  vices  obit,  arguit  aurum. 
Quod  tam  chara  Deo  tua  sceptra  gubernat  Amazon, 
Quam  Dea,  cum  nondum  coelis  Astr^a  petitis 
Inter  mortales  regina  erat,  arguit  aurum. 
Ouod  colit  haud  ullis  inclusas  moenibus  urbes 
Aurea  libertas,  &  nescia  ferre  tyrannum 
Securam  astatem  tellus  agit,  arguit  aurum. 
Quod  regio  nullis  injuria  gentibus,  arma 
Arma  licet  ferruginea  rubicunda  quiete, 

27 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

Finitimis  metuenda  gerit  tamen,  arguit  aurum. 
Quod  gladii,  quod  mucrones,  quod  pila,  quod  hastae 
In  rastros  abiere,  &  bello  assueta  juventus 
[III.  140.]  Pacem  &  amicitias  dukes  colit,  arguit  aurum, 
Denique  si  fas  est  auro  connectere  laudes 
JEv'iSy  &  in  pacis  venerari  tempore  fortes ; 
Quot  natos  bello  heroas,  quot  ahaenea  nutris 
Pectora  ?    Sint  testes  procerum  tot  millia,  testes 
Mille  duces,  interque  duces  notissima  mille 
Ilia  cui  assurgunt  Mus^,  quam  conscia  Pallas 
Laetior  exaudit,  Gileberti  gloria  nostri. 
Illius  auxilium,  &  socialia  praelia  amici 
Mirantur  Belg^,  &  quamvis  injustus  Iberus 
Commemorat  justas  acies,  domitasque  per  oras 
Martia  victrices  formidat  Hibernia  turmas. 
Ilium  oppugnatas  quassatis  turribus  arces, 
Ilium  expugnatas  perruptis  moenibus  urbes, 
Fluminaque  &  portus  capti,  hostilique  notatum 
Sanguine  submersae  meminere  sub  aequore  classes. 
Hie  ubi  per  medios  projectus  Se  quana  Celtas 
Labitur,  &  nomen  mox  amissurus,  &  undas. 
Omnia  si  desint,  quantum  est  ingentibus  ausis 
Humani  generis  pro  pace  bonoque  pacisci 
Tarn  varios  casus,  freta  tanta,  pericula  tanta  ? 
Linquere  adhuc  teneram  prolem,  &  dulcissima  sacri 
Oscula  conjugii,  numerantemque  ordine  longo 
AucHERiAM  digitis  in  mollibus,  aequora  mille 
Formidanda  modis,  atque  inter  pauca  relatos 
AucHERios  exempla  suos,  fratremque  patremque ; 
Qui  dum  pro  patria  laudem  &  virtute  sequuntur, 
Obsessi  in  muris  soli  portisque  Caleti, 
Praeposuere  mori,  quam  cum  prodentibus  urbem, 
Et  decus  Albionum,  turpi  superesse  salute. 

Quod  si  parva  loquor,  nee  adhuc  fortasse  fatenda  est 
Aurea  in  hoc  iterum  nostro  gens  vivere  mundo, 
Quid  vetat  ignotis  ut  possit  surgere  terris  ? 
Auguror,  &  faveat  dictis  Deus,  auguror  annos, 
In  quibus  haud  illo  secus  olim  principe  in  urbes 

28 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS  ad. 

1583- 
Barbara  plebs  coeat,  qu^m  cum  nova  saxa  vocaret 
Amphion  Thebas,  Trojana  ad  moenia  Phcebus. 
Atque  ubi  sic  ultro  junctas  sociaverit  aedes, 
Deinde  dabit  leges  caustoditurus  easdem ; 
In  quibus  ignari  cives  fraudumque,  dolique, 
A  solida  assuescant  potius  virtute  beari ; 
Quam  genio  &  moUi  liquentia  corpora  vita 
In  Venerem  ignavam,  pinguemque  immergere  luxum  : 
Quam     nummos,    quam     lucra     sequi,    quam     propter 

honores 
Vivere  ad  arbitrium  stolida;  mutabile  plebis. 
Non  illic  generi  virtus,  opibusve  premetur 
Libertas  populi,  non  contr^  in  deside  vulgo 
Oppugnabit  opes  civis  sub  nomine  pauper : 
Quisque  suo  partem  fcelix  in  jure  capesset. 
Tum  sua  magna  parens  ingenti  foenore  tellus 
Exiguo  sudore  dabit  bona:  cura  juventam 
Nulla  adiget  senio,  nee  sic  labor  ocia  toilet, 
Quo  minus  e  virtute  petant  sua  commoda  cives. 
O  mihi  foelicem  si  fas  conscendere  puppim : 
Et  tecum  patria  (pietas  ignosce)  relicta 
Longinquum  penetrare  fretum,  penetrare  sorores 
Mecum  una  Aonias,  illic  exordia  gentis 
Prima  novae  ad  seros  transmittere  posse  nepotes! 
Sed  me  fata  vetant,  memoraturumque  canora  [III.  141.] 

Inclyta  facta  tuba,  ad  clades  miserabilis  Istri 
Invitum  retrahunt.     His  his  me  fata  reservent : 
Non  deerit  vates,  illo  qui  cantet  in  orbe 
Aut  veteres  populos,  aut  nostro  incognita  coelo 
Munera  naturae ;  dum  spreto  Helicone  manebit 
Ilia  Aganipp^is  sacrata  Oxonia  Musis. 

Dum  loquor  in  viridi  festinant  gramine  Nymphae, 
Impediuntque  comas  lauro,  &  florentis  olivae 
Frondibus  armantur,  dominatricemque  frequentes 
Oceani  immensi  longe  venerantur  Elisam. 
Ilia  autem  ad  gelidum  celsis  de  turribus  amnem 
Prospicit,  &  jamjam  Tamesino  in  patre  tuetur 
Paulatim  obliquis  Gilebertum  albescere  velis. 

29 


AD.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

Sic  dea  Peliaco  spectasse  e  vertice  Pallas 
Fertur  Jasonios  comites,  ad  Phasidos  undas 
Vix  bene  dum  notis  committere  carbasa  ventis. 
Diva  fave,  nutuque  tuo  suscepta  parari 
Vela  juva;  Si  sola  geris  dignissima  totum 
Talibus  auspiciis  proferri  sceptra  per  orbem. 
Propterea  quia  sola  tuos  ita  pace  beasti 
Tranquilla  populos,  ut  jam  te  principe  possint 
Augere  imperii  fines.     Quia  sola  videris 
Quo  niveae  Charites,  quo  corpore  Delia  virgo 
Pingitur,  &  justo  si  sit  pro  teste  vetustas. 
Talibus  audimus  quondam  de  matribus  ortos 
Semideos  homines  :  tali  est  de  sanguine  magnus 
Sive  Hector  genitus,  sive  Hectore  major  Achilles  : 
Duntaxat  sine  fraude  ulla,  sine  crimine  possint 
Ulla  tibi  veterum  conferri  nomina  matrum, 
Quae  sexum  factis  superas,  quas  patribus  audes, 
Nymph  A,  diis  dignas  laudes  square  Latinis. 
Mentior  infoelix,  nisi   sic  in  corpore  virtus 
Lucet  formosoj  ceu  quae  preciosior  auro  est 
Gemma,  tamen  pariter  placituro  clauditur  auro. 
Mentior,  &  taceo,  nisi  sola  audiris  ubique 
Induperatorum  timor  aut  amor,  inter  &  omnes 
Securam  requiem  peragis  tutissima  casus : 
Dum  reliqui  reges  duro  quasi  carcere  clausi 
Sollicitis  lethi  dapibus,  plenoque  fruuntur 
Terrificis  monstris  furtiva  per  ocia  somno. 
Mentior  &  taceo,  solam  nisi  vivere  cives 
iEternum  cupiunt :    quando  nee  verbere  torvo, 
Nee  caedis  poenaeve  thronum  formidine  firmas : 
Sed  tibi  tot  meritis  majestas  parta,  &  inermis 
Ad  patulos  residet  custos  dementia  postes : 
Ut  quot  pene  rei  justum  meruere  tribunal, 
Tot  veniam  grato  narrent  sermone  clientes. 
Nee  tamen  admittis,   nisi  quod  justumque  piumque 
Agnoscit  probitas,  &  quae  potes  omnia,  solis 
Legibus  usurpas  cautas  sanctissima  vires. 
Nee  mala  formidas:    si  quidem  quasi  fune  ligatur 

30 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS  a.d. 

1583. 
Consilio  fortuna  tibi :    Nullum  impia  terret 
In  castris  Bellona  tuis :    Quin  pronus  adorat 
Gradivus  tua  jussa  pater,  sequiturque  vocantem 
Quacunque  ingrederis  grato  victoria  plausu. 
Dumque  fores  aliis,  vitamque  &  regna  tuetur 
Janitor  externus,  cingunt  tua  limina  cives : 

Dumque  aliis  sordet  sapientia  regibus,  almo  [III.  142.] 

Pegasidum  tu  fonte  satur,  tot  Apollinis  artes 
Aurea  vaticina  fundis  quasi  flumina  lingua. 
Nil  nostri  invenere  dies,  nil  prisca  vetustas 
Prodidit,  in  linguis  peragunt  commercia  nuUis 
Christiadum  gentes,  quas  te,  divina  virago, 
Justius  AoNi^  possint  jactare  sorores. 
Audiit  haec  mundus,  cunctisque  in  finibus  ardet 
Imperio  parere  tuo :   &  qu£e  forte  recusat 
Miratur  vires  regio  tamen.     Hinc  tua  sceptra 
Incurva  Mahometigen^  cervice  salutant : 
Hinc  tua  pugnaces  properant  ad  foedera  Galli  : 
Dumque  sibi  metuit  toties  tibi  victus  Iberus, 
Nescia  Romano  Germania  Marte  domari 
Quserit  amicitias  Britonum  :   procul  oscula  mittit 
Virgineis  pedibus  Latium,  longeque  remoti 
Pannones  in  tutos  optant  coalescere  fines. 
Quinetiam  quas  submisso  diademate  nuper 

Obtulit  invictis  fascesque  fidemque  Britannis.  Nova  Albion. 

Nonne  vides  passis  ut  crinibus  horrida  dudum 
Porrigit  ingentem  lugubris  America  dextram  } 
Et  numquid  lacrymas,  inquit,  soror  Anglia,  nostras 
Respicis,  &  dura  nobiscum  in  sorte  gemiscis  ? 
An  vero  nescisse  potes,  quae  tempora  quantis 
Cladibus  egerimus  }    postquam  insatiabilis  auri. 
Nam  certe  non  ullus  amor  virtutis  Iberos 
In  nostrum  migrare  solum,  pietasve  coegit. 
Ex  illo,  quae  sacra  prius  vaesana  litabam 
Manibus  infernis,  sperans  meliora,  tuumque 
Discere  posse  Deum,  jubeor  mortalibus  aras 
Erigere,  &  mutas  statuas  truncosque  precata 
Nescio  quod  demens  Romanum  numen  adoro. 

31 


A.D. 

1583. 


Hugo  fVillo- 
beius  eques 
auratus. 


Martinus  Fro- 
bisherus  eques 
auratus. 
[III.  143.] 


Anton'ius  Jen- 
kinsonus. 


Franciscus 
Dracus  eques 
auratus. 


THE   ENGLISH,  VOYAGES 

Cur  trahor  in  terras  ?   si  mens  est  lucida,  puris 
Cur  Deus  in  coelis  recti  non  quaeritur  ?   aut  si 
A  nobis  coelum  petitur,   cur  saepe  videmus 
Igne,  fame,  ferro  subigi,  quocunque  reatu 
Oenotriae  sedis  majestas  laesa  labascit  ? 
Non  sic  relligio,  non  sic  me  judice  gaudet 
Defendi  sua  regna  Deus,  quod  si  optimus  ille  est  ; 
Quod  si  cuncta  potest,  &  nullis  indiget  armis. 
Mitto  queri  casdes,  exhaustaque  moenia  bello : 
Mitto  queri  in  viles  tot  libera  corpora  servos 
Abjecta,  immanique  jugum  Busiride  dignum. 
Te  tantum  fortuna  animet  tua,  te  tua  virtus : 
Si  tibi  tam  plenis  habitantur  moenibus  urbes, 
Ut  nisi  in  excelsum  crescant,  cceloque  minentur 
iEdes  aeriae ;   quanquam  latissima,  desit 
Terra  tamen  populo :    Si  tot  tua  flumina  nigrant 
Turrigeras  arces  imitatae  mole  carinas, 
Quot  non  ilia  natant  eadem  tua  flumina  cygni. 
Si  tibi  jam  sub   sole  jacens  penetratus  utroque  est 
Mundus,  utroque  jacens  peragrata  est  terra  sub  axe. 
Ni  frustra  gelidam  vectus  Wilobeius  ad  arcton 
Ilia  in  gente  jacet,  cui  dum  Sol  circinat  umbras, 
Dimidio  totus  vix  forsitan  occidit  anno. 
Ni  frustra  quaesivit  iter,  duraque  bipenni 
Illo  Frobiserus  reditum  sibi  in  aequore  fecit, 
Horridum  ubi  semper  pelagus,  glacieque  perenni 
Frigora  nativos  simulant  immitia  montes. 
Ni  frustra  per  Cimmerios,  sylvisque  propinqua 
Flumina  Riph^is  eoa  profectus  ad  usque  est 
Moenia  Jencisonus,  Persasque  &  proxima  Persis 
Bactra,  &  Bactrorum  confines  regibus  Indos. 
Ni  frustra,  quod  mortali  tot  seek  negarant, 
Hac  tuus  immensum  nuper  Dracus  ambiit  orbem, 
Qua  patri  Oceano  clausas  circumdare  terras 
Concessit  natura  viam,  mediaque  meare 
Tellure,  &  duplici  secludere  littore  mundos. 
Jam  si  fortuna,  jam  si  virtute  sequare 
Digna  tua ;    sunt  monstra  mihi,  sunt  vasta  gigantum 

32 


STEPHANUS   PARMENIUS  ad. 

1583. 
Corpora,  quse  magno  cecidisse  sub  Hercule  non  sit 
Dedecus,  Ogigius  non  quas  aspernetur  Iaccus. 
Quae  si  indigna  putas,  tantaque  in  pace  beata 
Aversare  meos  multo  ut  tibi  sanguine  fines 
Invidiosa  petas :  est  nobis  terra  propinqua, 
Et  tantum  bimari  capiens  discrimen  in  Isthmo. 
Hanc  tibi  jamdudum  primi  invenere  Britanni, 
Turn  cum  magnanimus  nostra  in  regione  Cabotus  Sebastianus 

Proximus  a  magno  ostendit  sua  vela  Columbo.  Cabotus. 

Hasc  neque  vicina  nimium  frigescit  ab  arcto, 
Sole  nee  immodico  in  steriles  torretur  arenas: 
Frigus  &  aestatem  justo  moderamine  servat, 
Sive  leves  auras,  grati  spiracula  coeli, 
Seu  diae  telluris  opes,  &  munera  curas. 
Pone  age  te  digno  tua  sceptra  in  honore,  meoque 
Junge  salutarem  propius  cum  littore  dextram. 
Sit  mihi  fas  aliquam  per  te  sperare  quietem, 
Vicinoque  bono  laetum  illucescere  Solem. 
Quod  si  consiliis  superum,  fatisque  negatum  est 
Durare  immensum  magna  infortunia  tempus : 
Quod  si  de  immerita  justum  est  cervice  revelli 
Ignarum  imperii  dominum,  populique  regendi ; 
Quod  si  nulla  unquam  potuit  superesse  potestas, 
Ni  pia  flexilibus  pareret  dementia  frenis 
Obsequium.     A  miti  quaesita  potentia  Cyro 
Amissa  est  saevae  soboli.     Parcendo  subegit 
Tot  reges  Macedum  virtus,  tot  postera  sensim 
Abscidit  a  parto  tandem  inclementia  regno, 
Et  quod  RoMULEis  crevit  sub  patribus  olim 
Imperium,  diri  semper  minu^re  Nerones. 


[A  report 

VIII  33  c 


A.D, 
1583. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


A  report  of  the  voyage  and  successe  thereof, 
attempted  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1583  by 
sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  knight,  with  other 
gentlemen  assisting  him  in  that  action,  in- 
tended to  discover  and  to  plant  Christian 
inhabitants  in  place  convenient,  upon  those 
large  and  ample  countreys  extended  North- 
ward from  the  cape  of  Florida,  lying  under 
very  temperate  Climes,  esteemed  fertile  and 
rich  in  Minerals,  yet  not  in  the  actuall  pos- 
session of  any  Christian  prince,  written  by 
M.  Edward  Haie  gentleman,  and  principall 
actour  in  the  same  voyage,  who  alone  con- 
tinued unto  the  end,  and  by  Gods  speciall 
assistance  returned  home  with  his  retinue  safe 
and  entire. 

Any  voyages  have  bene  pretended,  yet 
hitherto  never  any  thorowly  accomplished 
by  our  nation  of  exact  discovery  into  the 
bowels  of  those  maine,  ample  and  vast 
countreys,  extended  infinitely  into  the 
North  from  30  degrees,  or  rather  from 
25  degrees  of  Septentrionall  latitude, 
neither  hath  a  right  way  bene  taken  of  planting  a 
Christian  habitation  and  regiment  upon  the  same,  as 
well  may  appeare  both  by  the  little  we  yet  do  actually 
[III.  144]  possesse  therein,  &  by  our  ignorance  of  the  riches  and 
secrets  within  those  lands,  which  unto  this  day  we  know 
chiefly  by  the  travell  and  report  of  other  nations,  and 
most  of  the  French,  who  albeit  they  can  not  challenge 
such  right  and  interest  unto  the  sayd  countreys  as  we, 
neither  these  many  yeeres  have  had  opportunity  nor 
meanes  so  great  to  discover  and  to  plant  (being  vexed 
with  the  calamities  of  intestine  warres)  as  we  have  had 
by  the  inestimable  benefit  of  our  long  and  happy  peace : 

34 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT 


A.D. 
1583. 


yet  have  they  both  waies  performed  more,  and  had  long 
since  attained  a  sure  possession  and  setled  government  of 
many  provinces  in  those  Northerly  parts  of  America,  if 
their  many  attempts  into  those  forren  and  remote  lands 
had   not  bene  impeached  by  their  garboils  at  home. 

The  first   discovery  of  these   coasts    (never    heard  of  T^^^  '^"^^^^ 
before)  was  well  begun  by  John  Cabot  the  father,  and  -^^Zlwait 
Sebastian  his  sonne,  an  Englishman  borne,  who  were  the  first  discovered 
first  finders  out  of  all  that  great  tract  of  land  stretching  by  the  English 
from  the  cape  of  Florida  unto  those   Islands  which  we  nation. 
now  call   the    Newfoundland :    all  which    they    brought 
and  annexed  unto  the  crowne  of  England.     Since  when, 
if  with  like  diligence  the  search  of  inland  countreys  had 
bene  followed,  as  the  discovery  upon  the  coast,  and  out- 
parts  therof  was  performed  by  those  two  men :  no  doubt 
her  Majesties  territories  and  revenue  had  bene  mightily 
inlarged  and  advanced  by  this  day.     And  which  is  more ; 
the  seed  of  Christian  religion  had  bene  sowed  amongst 
those    pagans,  which   by  this   time    might  have  brought 
foorth  a  most  plentifuU  harvest  and  copious  congregation 
of  Christians ;    which  must  be  the  chiefe  intent  of  such 
as  shall  make  any  attempt  that  way :  or  els  whatsoever  is 
builded  upon  other  foundation  shall  never  obtaine  happy 
successe  nor  continuance. 

And  although  we  can  not  precisely  judge  (which  onely 
belongeth  to  God)  what  have  bene  the  humours  of  men 
stirred  up  to  great  attempts  of  discovering  and  planting 
in  those  remote  countreys,  yet  the  events  do  shew  that 
either  Gods  cause  hath  not  bene  chiefly  preferred  by 
them,  or  els  God  hath  not  permitted  so  abundant  grace  j 
as  the  light  of  his  word  and  knowledge  of  him  to  be  yet 
revealed  unto  those  infidels  before   the  appointed   time.    , 

But  most  assuredly,  the  only  cause  of  religion  hitherto 
hath  kept  backe,  and  will  also  bring  forward  at  the  time 
assigned  by  God,  an  eflPectuall  and  compleat  discovery  & 
possession  by  Christians  both  of  those  ample  countreys 
and  the  riches  within  them,  hitherto  concealed :  whereof 
notwithstanding  God  in   his  wisdome  hath  permitted  to 

35 


A.D. 

1583. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


A  fit  consider- 
ation. 


be  revealed  from  time  to  time  a  certaine  obscure  and 
misty  knowledge,  by  little  and  little  to  allure  the  mindes 
of  men  that  way  (which  els  will  be  dull  enough  in  the 
zeale  of  his  cause)  and  thereby  to  prepare  us  unto  a 
readinesse  for  the  execution  of  his  will  against  the  due 
time  ordeined,  of  calling  those  pagans  unto  Christianity. 
In  the  meane  while,  it  behooveth  every  man  of  great 
calling,  in  whom  is  any  instinct  of  inclination  unto  this 
attempt,  to  examine  his  owne  motions :  which  if  the  same 
proceed  of  ambition  or  avarice,  he  may  assure  himselfe  it 
commeth  not  of  God,  and  therefore  can  not  have  con- 
fidence of  Gods  protection  and  assistance  against  the 
violence  (els  irresistable)  both  of  sea,  and  infinite  perils 
upon  the  land ;  whom  God  yet  may  use  an  instrument  to 
further  his  cause  and  glory  some  way,  but  not  to  build 
upon  so  bad  a  foundation. 

Otherwise,  if  his  motives  be  derived  from  a  vertuous 
&  heroycall  minde,  preferring  chiefly  the  honour  of  God, 
compassion  of  poore  infidels  captived  by  the  devill,  tyran- 
nizing in  most  woonderfull  and  dreadfull  maner  over  their 
bodies  and  soules ;  advancement  of  his  honest  and  well 
disposed  countreymen,  willing  to  accompany  him  in  such 
honourable  actions ;  reliefe  of  sundry  people  within  this 
realme  distressed :  all  these  be  honorable  purposes,  imi- 
tating the  nature  of  the  munificent  God,  wherwith  he  is 
well  pleased,  who  will  assist  such  an  actour  beyond  expec- 
tation of  man.     And  the  same,  who  feeleth  this  inclination 
?^T1v  T^/~  in  himselfe,  by  all  likelihood  may  hope,  or  rather  con- 
vin^^^n  ^,v>     fidently  repose  in  the  preordinance  of  God,  that  in  this 
last  age  of  the  world  (or  likely  never)  the  time  is  compleat 
of  receiving  also  these  Gentiles  into  his  mercy,  and  that 
God  will  raise  him  an  instrument  to  effect  the  same :  it 
seeming  probable  by  event  of  precedent  attempts   made 
by    the    Spanyards    and   French   sundry   times,   that    the 
countreys   lying    North   of  Florida,   God    hath   reserved 
the   same   to  be   reduced  unto   Christian  civility  by   the 
English   nation.      For   not    long    after    that   Christopher 
Columbus   had  discovered  the   Islands  and  continent  of 

36 


Probable  co7i- 
jecturesf  these 
lands  North 
Florida,  are 
reserved  for 
the  English 
nation  to 
possesse. 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 
the  West  Indies  for  Spaine,  John  and  Sebastian   Cabot 
made  discovery  also  of  the  rest  from  Florida  Northwards 
to  the  behoofe  of  England. 

And  whensoever  afterwards  the  Spanyards  (very  pros-  T^he  Span- 
perous   in    all    their  Southerne    discoveries)   did   attempt  3^^'^^  P^J'^- 

^  ...  .  .  .     < .    .  \      perous  tn  the 

any  tnmg  mto  Florida  and  those  regions  mclmmg  towards  Southerne  dis- 
the  North,  they  proved  most  unhappy,  and  were  at  length  coveries,  yet 
discouraged  utterly  by  the  hard  and  lamentable  successe  unhappy  in 
of  many  both  religious  and  valiant  in  armes,  endevouring  ^^"^  North- 
to  bring  those  Northerly  regions  also  under  the  Spanish 
jurisdiction ;   as   if  God   had   prescribed   limits   unto  the 
Spanish  nation  which  they  might  not  exceed  :  as  by  their 
owne  gests  recorded  may  be  aptly  gathered. 

The  French,  as  they  can  pretend  lesse  title  unto  these  [HI-  H5-] 
Northerne   parts  then   the   Spanyard,  by  how  much   the  The  French 
Spanyard  made  the  first  discovery  of  the  same  continent  usurpers  upon 
so  far  Northward  as  unto  Florida,  and  the  French  did  but  our  right. 
review    that    before   discovered    by    the    English    nation, 
usurping    upon    our   right,    and    imposing    names    upon 
countreys,  rivers,   bayes,  capes,  or  headlands,  as  if  they 
had  bene  the  first  finders  of  those   coasts ;  which  injury 
we  offered  not  unto  the  Spanyards,  but  left  off  to  discover 
when  we  approched  the  Spanish  limits :  even  so  God  hath  The  French 
not   hitherto   permitted    them   to   establish    a   possession  ^"o  wo^^^- 

^  1  .    ,  .  1  f .  1     .      nate  in  those 

permanent    upon    anothers    right,   notwithstanding    their  ^^^^^  p^^.^^  gf 
manifolde    attempts,   in   which    the   issue   hath    bene    no  America. 
lesse  tragicall  then  that  of  the  Spanyards,  as  by  their  owne 
reports  is  extant. 

Then  seeing  the  English  nation  onely  hath  right  unto  A  good  in- 
these   countreys   of  America   from    the   cape   of  Florida  couragement 
Northward  by  the  privilege  of  first  discovery,  unto  which  J°\.^^  /^■S" 

„.  -^i-ji^  11  1-         -^1  ri     nation,  to  pro- 

Cabot  was  authorised  by  regall  authority,  and  set  rorth  ceed  in  the 

by   the    expense    of  our   late    famous    king    Henry    the  conquests  of 

seventh :  which  right  also  seemeth  strongly  defended  on  ^^^  ^°f^^  °f 

our  behalfe  by  the  powerfull  hand  of  almighty  God,  with-     '^^'^^^• 

standing  the  enterprises  of  other  nations :  it  may  greatly 

incourage  us  upon  so  just  ground,  as  is  our  right,  and 

upon  so  sacred  an  intent,  as  to  plant  religion  (our  right 

37 


A.D. 
1583- 


The  due  time 
approcheth  by 
all  likelihood 
of  calling  these 
heathens  unto 
Christianity. 
The  tvord  of 
God  moveth 
circularly. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

and  intent  being  meet  foundations  for  the  same)  to  pro- 
secute effectually  the  full  possession  of  those  so  ample 
and  pleasant  countreys  apperteining  unto  the  crowne  of 
^England :  the  same  (as  is  to  be  conjectured  by  infallible 
arguments  of  the  worlds  end  approching)  being  now 
arrived  unto  the  time  by  God  prescribed  of  their  vocation, 
if  ever  their  calling  unto  the  knowledge  of  God  may  be 
expected.  Which  also  is  very  probable  by  the  revolution 
and  course  of  Gods  word  and  religion,  which  from  the 
beginning  hath  moved  from  the  East,  towards,  &  at  last 
unto  the  West,  where  it  is  like  to  end,  unlesse  the  same 
begin  againe  where  it  did  in  the  East,  which  were  to 
expect  a  like  world  againe.  But  we  are  assured  of  the 
contrary  by  the  prophesie  of  Christ,  whereby  we  gather, 
that  after  his  word  preached  thorowout  the  world  shalbe 
the  end.  And  as  the  Gospel  when  it  descended  West- 
ward began  in  the  South,  and  afterward  spread  into  the 
North  of  Europe  :  even  so,  as  the  same  hath  begunne  in 
the  South  countreys  of  America,  no  lesse  hope  may  be 
gathered  that  it  will  also  spread  into  the  North. 

These  considerations  may  helpe  to  suppresse  all  dreads 
rising  of  hard  events  in  attempts  made  this  way  by  other 
nations,  as  also  of  the  heavy  successe  and  issue  in  the  late 
enterprise  made  by  a  worthy  gentleman  our  countryman 
sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  knight,  who  was  the  first  of  our 
nation  that  caried  people  to  erect  an  habitation  and 
government  in  those  Northerly  countreys  of  America. 
About  which,  albeit  he  had  consumed  much  substance, 
and  lost  his  life  at  last,  his  people  also  perishing  for  the 
most  part :  yet  the  mystery  thereof  we  must  leave  unto 
God,  and  judge  charitably  both  of  the  cause  (which  was 
just  in  all  pretence)  and  of  the  person,  who  was  very 
zealous  in  prosecuting  the  same,  deserving  honourable 
remembrance  for  his  good  minde,  and  expense  of  life  in 
so  vertuous  an  enterprise.  Whereby  neverthelesse,  least 
any  man  should  be  dismayd  by  example  of  other  folks 
calamity,  and  misdeeme  that  God  doth  resist  all  attempts 
intended  that  way :   I  thought  good,  so  farre  as  my  selfe 

38 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583- 
was  an  eye  witnesse,  to  deliver  the  circumstance  and 
maner  of  our  proceedings  in  that  action :  in  which  the 
gentleman  was  so  infortunately  incumbred  with  wants, 
and  woorse  matched  with  many  ill  disposed  people,  that 
his  rare  judgement  and  regiment  premeditated  for  those 
affaires,  was  subjected  to  tolerate  abuses,  &  in  sundry 
extremities  to  holde  on  a  course,  more  to  upholde  credit, 
then  likely  in  his  owne  conceit  happily  to  succeed. 

The  issue  of  such  actions,  being  alwayes  miserable,  not 
guided  by  God,  who  abhorreth  confusion  and  disorder, 
hath  left  this  for  admonition  (being  the  first  attempt  by 
our  nation  to  plant)  unto  such  as  shall  take  the  same 
cause  in  hand  hereafter  not  to  be  discouraged  from  it : 
but  to  make  men  well  advised  how  they  handle  his  so  The  planting 
hip^h  and  excellent  matters,  as  the  cariage  is  of  his  word  ofGodjword 

fiiust  be 

into  those  very  mighty  and  vast  countreys.     An  action  ^^„^/,^^,v^ 
doubtlesse  not  to  be  intermedled  with  base  purposes ;  as  reverence. 
many  have  made  the  same  but  a  colour  to  shadow  actions  ill  actions 
otherwise  scarse  justifiable  :  which  doth  excite  Gods  heavy  coloured  by 
judgements  in  the  end,  to  the  terrifying  of  weake  mindes  P^^^^^f^  °f 
from  the  cause,  without  pondering  his  just  proceedings :  j-g^ote  lands 
and  doth  also  incense  forren  princes  against  our  attempts 
how  just  soever,  who  can  not  but  deeme  the  sequele  very 
dangerous  unto  their  state  (if  in  those  parts  we  should 
grow  to  strength)  seeing  the  very  beginnings  are  entred 
with  spoile. 

And  with  this  admonition  denounced  upon  zeale 
towards  Gods  cause,  also  towards  those  in  whom  appear- 
eth  disposition  honourable  unto  this  action  of  planting 
Christian  people  and  religion  in  those  remote  and 
barbarous  nations  of  America  (unto  whom  I  wish  all 
happinesse)  I  will  now  proceed  to  make  relation  briefly, 
yet  particularly,  of  our  voyage  undertaken  with  sir 
Humfrey  Gilbert,  begun,  continued,  and  ended  adversly.  [III.  14.6.] 

When    first    Sir    Humfrey     Gilbert    undertooke    the  The  first  and 
Westerne  discovery  of  America,  and  had  procured  from  S['^^^ PJ^P^^''^- 

1         A/r-^  1  ••  -ii-o  fio^  of  Sir 

her  Majesty  a  very  large  commission  to  inhabit  &  possesse  Humfre-^  Gil- 
at  his  choice  all  remote  and  heathen  lands  not  in  the  actuall  bert. 

39 


A.D. 
1583. 


A  constant 
resolution  of 
sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

possession  of  any  Christian  prince,  the  same  commission 
exemplified  with  many  privileges,  such  as  in  his  discretion 
he  might  demand,  very  many  gentlemen  of  good  estima- 
tion drew  unto  him,  to  associate  him  in  so  commendable 
an  enterprise,  so  that  the  preparation  was  expected  to 
grow  unto  a  puissant  fleet,  able  to  encounter  a  kings 
power  by  sea :  neverthelesse,  amongst  a  multitude  of 
voluntary  men,  their  dispositions  were  divers,  which  bred 
a  Jarre,  and  made  a  division  in  the  end,  to  the  confusion 
of  that  attempt  even  before  the  same  was  begun.  And 
when  the  shipping  was  in  a  maner  prepared,  &  men  ready 
upon  the  coast  to  go  aboord :  at  that  time  some  brake 
consort,  and  followed  courses  degenerating  from  the 
voyage  before  pretended :  Others  failed  of  their  promises 
contracted,  and  the  greater  number  were  dispersed,  leaving 
the  Generall  with  few  of  his  assured  friends,  with  whom 
he  adventured  to  sea :  where  having  tasted  of  no  lesse 
misfortune,  he  was  shortly  driven  to  retire  home  with 
the  losse  of  a  tall  ship,  and  (more  to  his  griefe)  of  a  valiant 
gentleman  Miles  Morgan. 

Having  buried  onely  in  a  preparation  a  great  masse  of 
substance,  wherby  his  estate  was  impaired,  his  minde  yet 
not  dismaid,  he  continued  his  former  designment  & 
purpose  to  revive  this  enterprise,  good  occasion  serving. 
Upon  which  determination  standing  long,  without  meanes 
to  satisfy  his  desire  ;  at  last  he  granted  certaine  assignments 
out  of  his  commission  to  sundry  persons  of  meane  ability, 
desiring  the  privilege  of  his  grant,  to  plant  &  fortifie  in 
the  North  parts  of  America  about  the  river  of  Canada, 
to  whom  if  God  gave  good  successe  in  the  North  parts 
(where  then  no  matter  of  moment  was  expected)  the  same 
(he  thought)  would  greatly  advance  the  hope  of  the 
South,  &  be  a  furtherance  unto  his  determination  that 
way.  And  the  worst  that  might  happen  in  that  course 
might  be  excused  without  prejudice  unto  him  by  the 
former  supposition,  that  those  North  regions  were  of  no 
regard  :  but  chiefly  a  possession  taken  in  any  parcell  of 
those    heathen    countreys,    by   vertue    of   his    grant,  did 

40 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 

invest  him  of  territories  extending  every  way  two  hundred 

leagues  :  which  induced  sir  Humfry  Gilbert  to  make  those 

assignments,  desiring  greatly  their  expedition,  because  his 

commission  did  expire  after  six  yeres,  if  in  that  space  he 

had  not  gotten  actuall  possession. 

Time  went   away   without   any    thing    done    by    his  A  second  pre- 

assiffnes :    insomuch  that  at  last   he  must    resolve  him-  P^^'^^^^^  ''/"^ 
ir  ,  '  r  Humfre'j  (jtl- 

selre    to   take  a   voyage  in   person,    tor    more  assurance  ^^^^_ 

to    keepe    his    patent    in    force,  which   then  almost   was 

expired,  or  within  two  yeres. 

In  furtherance  of  his  determination,  amongst  others, 
sir  George  Peckam  knight  shewed  himselfe  very  zealous 
to  the  action,  greatly  aiding  him  both  by  his  advice  & 
in  the  charge.  Other  gentlemen  to  their  ability  joyned 
unto  him,  resolving  to  adventure  their  substance  &  lives 
in  the  same  cause.  Who  beginning  their  preparation 
from  that  time,  both  of  shipping,  munition,  victual,  men, 
and  things  requisit,  some  of  them  continued  the  charge 
two  yeres  compleat  without  intermission.  Such  were  the 
difficulties  and  crosse  accidents  opposing  these  pro- 
ceedings, which  tooke  not  end  in  lesse  then  two  yeres : 
many  of  which  circumstances  I  will  omit. 

The  last  place  of  our  assembly,  before  we  left  the 
coast  of  England,  was  in  Causet  bay  neere  unto  Plim- 
mouth  :  then  resolved  to  put  unto  the  sea  with  shipping 
and  provision,  such  as  we  had,  before  our  store  yet 
remaining,  but  chiefly  the  time  and  season  of  the  yeere, 
were  too  farre  spent.  Neverthelesse  it  seemed  first 
very  doubtful!  by  what  way  to  shape  our  course,  and 
to  begin  our  intended  discovery,  either  from  the  South 
Northward,  or  from  the  North  Southward. 

The  first,  that  is,  beginning  South,   without  all  con-  Consultation 
troversie  was  the  likeliest,  wherein   we  were  assured  to  ^^°'^^  ""^ 
have  commodity   of  the   current,   which   from    the   cape  ^^*" ' 
of  Florida  setteth  Northward,  and  would  have  furthered 
greatly   our   navigation,    discovering    from    the    foresayd 
cape  along  towards  cape  Briton,  and  all  those  lands  lying 
to  the  North. 

41 


A.D. 

1583. 

Commodities 
in  discoveritig 
from  South 
Northward. 


[III.  147.] 


Cause  why  we 
began  our  dis- 
covery from 
the  North. 


Incommodities 
in  beginning 
North. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Also  the  yere  being  farre  spent,  and  arrived  to  the 
moneth  of  June,  we  were  not  to  spend  time  in  Northerly- 
courses,  where  we  should  be  surprised  with  timely 
Winter,  but  to  covet  the  south,  which  we  had  space 
enough  then  to  have  attained ;  and  there  might  with 
lesse  detriment  have  wintred  that  season,  being  more 
milde  and  short  in  the  South  then  in  the  North  where 
winter  is  both  long  and  rigorous. 

These  and  other  like  reasons  alleged  in  favour  of 
the  Southerne  course  first  to  be  taken,  to  the  contrary 
was  inferred :  that  forasmuch  as  both  our  victuals,  and 
many  other  needfull  provisions  were  diminished  and  left 
insufficient  for  so  long  a  voyage,  and  for  the  wintering  of 
so  many  men,  we  ought  to  shape  a  course  most  likely 
to  minister  supply ;  and  that  was  to  take  the  New- 
foundland in  our  way,  which  was  but  seven  hundred 
leagues  from  our  English  coast.  Where  being  usually 
at  that  time  of  the  yere,  and  untill  the  fine  of  August, 
a  multitude  of  ships  repairing  thither  for  fish,  we  should 
be  relieved  abundantly  with  many  necessaries,  which  after 
the  fishing  ended,  they  might  well  spare,  and  freely 
impart  unto  us. 

Not  staying  long  upon  that  Newland  coast,  we  might 
proceed  Southward,  and  follow  still  the  Sunne,  untill 
we  arrived  at  places  more  temperate  to  our  content. 

By  which  reasons  we  were  the  rather  induced  to  follow 
this  Northerly  course,  obeying  unto  necessity,  which 
must  be  supplied.  Otherwise,  we  doubted  that  sudden 
approch  of  Winter,  bringing  with  it  continuall  fogge, 
and  thicke  mists,  tempest  and  rage  of  weather ;  also 
contrariety  of  currents  descending  from  the  cape  of 
Florida  unto  cape  Briton  and  cape  Rase,  would  fall 
out  to  be  great  and  irresistable  impediments  unto  our 
further  proceeding  for  that  yeere,  and  compell  us  to 
Winter  in   those  North  and  colde  regions. 

Wherefore  suppressing  all  objections  to  the  contrary, 
we  resolved  to  begin  our  course  Northward,  and  to  follow 
directly  as  we  might,  the  trade  way  unto  Newfoundland : 

42 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 
from  whence  after  our  refreshing  and  reparation  of  wants, 
we  intended  without  delay  (by  Gods  permission)  to 
proceed  into  the  South,  not  omitting  any  river  or  bay 
which  in  all  that  large  tract  of  land  appeared  to  our  view 
worthy  of  search.  Immediatly  we  agreed  upon  the  maner 
of  our  course  and  orders  to  be  observed  in  our  voyage ; 
which  were  delivered  in  writing  unto  the  captaines  and 
masters  of  every  ship  a  copy  in  maner  following. 

Every  shippe  had  delivered  two  bullets  or  scrowles, 
the  one  sealed  up  in  waxe,  the  other  left  open :  in  both 
which  were  included  severall  watch-words.  That  open, 
serving  upon  our  owne  coast  or  the  coast  of  Ireland : 
the  other  sealed,  was  promised  on  all  hands  not  to  be 
broken  up  untill  we  should  be  cleere  of  the  Irish  coast ; 
which  from  thencefoorth  did  serve  untill  we  arrived  and 
met  altogether  in  such  harbors  of  the  Newfoundland 
as  were  agreed  for  our  Rendez  vouz.  The  sayd  watch- 
words being  requisite  to  know  our  consorts  whensoever 
by  night,  either  by  fortune  of  weather,  our  fleet  dispersed 
should  come  together  againe ;  or  one  should  hale  another; 
or  if  by  ill  watch  and  steerage  one  ship  should  chance 
to  fall  aboord  of  another  in  the  darke. 

The  reason  of  the  bullet  sealed  was  to  keepe  secret 
that  watch-word  while  we  were  upon  our  owne  coast, 
lest  any  of  the  company  stealing  from  the  fleet  might 
bewray  the  same :  which  knowen  to  an  enemy,  he  might 
boord  us  by  night  without  mistrust,  having  our  owne 
watch-word. 

Orders  agreed  upon  by  the  Captaines  and  Masters 
to  be  observed  by  the  fleet  of  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert. 


Irst   the    Admirall    to    cary   his   flag   by   day,   and 
his  light  by  night. 

2  Item,  if  the  Admirall  shall  shorten  his  saile 
by  night,  then  to  shew  two  lights  untill  he  be  answered 
againe  by  every  ship  shewing  one  light  for  a  short  time. 

43 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

3  Item,  if  the  Admirall  after  his  shortening  of  saile, 
as  aforesayd,  shall  make  more  saile  againe :  then  he  to 
shew  three  lights  one  above  another. 

4  Item,  if  the  Admirall  shall  happen  to  hull  in  the 
night,  then  to  make  a  wavering  light  over  his  other 
light,  wavering  the  light  upon  a  pole. 

5  Item,  if  the  fleet  should  happen  to  be  scattered 
weather,  or  other  mishap,  then  so  soone  as  one  shall 
descry  another,  to  hoise  both  toppe  sailes  twise,  if  the 
weather  will  serve,  and  to  strike  them  twise  againe; 
but  if  the  weather  serve  not,  then  to  hoise  the  maine 
top  saile  twise,  and  forthwith  to  strike  it  twise  againe. 

6  Item,  if  it  shall  happen  a  great  fogge  to  fall,  then 
presently  every  shippe  to  beare  up  with  the  admirall, 
if  there  be  winde :  but  if  it  be  a  calme,  then  every  ship  to 
hull,  and  so  to  lie  at  hull  till  it  be  cleere.  And  if  the 
fogge  do  continue  long,  then  the  Admirall  to  shoot  off 
two  pieces  every  evening,  and  every  ship  to  answere 
it  with  one  shot :  and  every  man  bearing  to  the  ship, 
that  is  to  leeward  so  neere  as  he  may. 

7  Item,  every  master  to  give  charge  unto  the  watch  to 
looke  out  well,  for  laying  aboord  one  of  another  in  the 
night,  and  in  fogges. 

8  Item,  every  evening  every  ship  to  haile  the  admirall, 
and  so  to  fall  asterne  him,  sailing  thorow  the  Ocean : 
and  being  on  the  coast,  every  ship  to  haile  him  both 
morning  and  evening. 

9  Item,  if  any  ship  be  in  danger  any  way,  by  leake 
or  otherwise,  then  she  to  shoot  off  a  piece,  and  presently 
to  hang  out  one  light,  whereupon  every  man  to  beare 
towards  her,  answering  her  with  one  light  for  a  short 
time,  and  so  to  put  it  out  againe ;  thereby  to  give  know- 
ledge that  they  have  scene  her  token. 

10  Item,  whensoever  the  Admirall  shall  hang  out  her 
ensigne  in  the  maine  shrowds,  then  every  man  to  come 
aboord  her,  as  a  token  of  counsell. 

1 1  Item,  if  there  happen  any  storme  or  contrary  winde 
to  the  fleet  after  the  discovery,  whereby  they  are  separated : 

44 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583- 
then  every  ship  to  repaire  unto  their  last  good  port,  there 
to  meet  againe. 

Our  course  agreed  upon.  [III.  148.] 

He  course  first  to  be  taken  for  the  discovery  is 
to  beare  directly  to  cape  Rase,  the  most  Southerly 
cape   of  Newfound  land ;    and    there   to   harbour 


our  selves  either  in  Rogneux  or  Fermous,  being  the 
first  places  appointed  for  our  Rendez  vous,  and  the 
next  harbours  unto  the  Northward  of  cape  Rase :  and 
therefore  every  ship  separated  from  the  fleet  to  repaire  to 
that  place  so  fast  as  God  shall  permit,  whether  you 
shall  fall  to  the  Southward  or  to  the  Northward  of  it, 
and  there  to  stay  for  the  meeting  of  the  whole  fleet 
the  space  of  ten  dayes :  and  when  you  shall  depart,  to 
leave  marks. 

A    direction  of  our    course    unto   the    Newfound 

land. 

BEginning  our  course  from  Silley,  the  neerest  is  by 
Westsouthwest  (if  the  winde  serve)  untill  such  time 
as  we  have  brought  our  selves  in  the  latitude  of  43  or 
44  degrees,  because  the  Ocean  is  subject  much  to 
Southerly  windes  in  June  and  July.  Then  to  take 
traverse  from  45  to  47  degrees  of  latitude,  if  we  be 
inforced  by  contrary  windes :  and  not  to  go  to  the  North- 
ward of  the  height  of  47  degrees  of  Septentrionall  latitude 
by  no  meanes :  if  God  shall  not  inforce  the  contrary ; 
but  to  do  your  indevour  to  keepe  in  the  height  of  46 
degrees,  so  nere  as  you  can  possibly,  because  cape  Rase 
lieth  about  that  height. 

Notes. 

IF  by  contrary  windes  we  be  driven   backe    upon  the 
coast  of  England,  then  to  repaire  unto  Silley   for  a 
place  of  our  assembly  or  meeting. 

If  we  be  driven  backe  by  contrary  winds  that  we  can 

45 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

not   passe   the  coast   of  Ireland,   then   the   place  of  our 
assembly  to  be  at  Beare  haven  or  Baltimore  haven. 

If  we  shall  not  happen  to  meete  at  cape  Rase,  then 
the  place  of  Rendez  vous  to  be  at  cape  Briton,  or  the 
neerest  harbour  unto  the  Westward  of  cape  Briton. 

If  by  meanes  of  other  shipping  we  may  not  safely  stay 
there,  then  to  rest  at  the  very  next  safe  port  to  the 
Westward ;  every  ship  leaving  their  marks  behinde  them 
for  the  more  certainty  of  the  after  commers  to  know  where 
to  finde  them. 

The  marks  that  every  man  ought  to  leave  in  such 
a  case,  were  of  the  Generals  private  device  written  by 
himselfe,  sealed  also  in  close  waxe,  and  delivered  unto 
every  shippe  one  scroule,  which  was  not  to  be  opened 
untill  occasion  required,  whereby  every  man  was  certified 
what  to  leave  for  instruction  of  after  commers :  that 
every  of  us  comming  into  any  harbour  or  river  might 
know  who  had  bene  there,  or  whether  any  were  still 
there  up  higher  into  the  river,  or  departed,  and  which 
way. 

Beginning  of  Orders  thus  determined,  and  promises  mutually  given 
the  voyage.  ^-q  j-^g  observed,  every  man  withdrew  himselfe  unto  his 
charge,  the  ankers  being  already  weyed,  and  our  shippes 
under  saile,  having  a  soft  gale  of  winde,  we  began  our 
voyage  upon  Tuesday  the  eleventh  day  of  June,  in  the 
yere  of  our  Lord  1583,  having  in  our  fleet  (at  our 
departure  from  Causet  bay)  these  shippes,  whose  names 
and  burthens,  with  the  names  of  the  captaines  and 
masters  of  them,  I  have  also  inserted,  as  followeth  : 

1  The  Delight  alias  The  George,  of  burthen  120 
tunnes,  was  Admirall :  in  which  went  the  Generall,  and 
William  Winter  captaine  in  her  and  part  owner,  and 
Richard  Clearke  master. 

2  The  Barke  Raleigh  set  forth  by  M.  Walter  Raleigh, 
of  the  burthen  of  200  tunnes,  was  then  Vice-admirall : 
in  which  went  M.  Butler  captaine,  and  Robert  Davis, 
of  Bristoll  master. 

46 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 

3  The  Golden  hinde,  of  burthen  40  tunnes,  was  then 
Reare-admirall :  in  which  went  Edward  Hayes  captaine 
and  owner,  and  William  Cox  of  Limehouse  master. 

4  The  Swallow,  of  burthen  40  tunnes :  in  her  was 
captaine  Maurice  Browne. 

5  The  Squirrill,  of  burthen  10  tunnes:  in  which  went 
captaine  William  Andrewes,  and  one  Cade  master. 

We  were  in  number  in  all  about  260  men:   among  Our  fleet  con- 
whom   we  had   of  every  faculty  good    choice,  as   Ship-  ^^^tfdoffi'^^ 
Wrights,   Masons,    Carpenters,    Smithes,    and    such    like,  ^^  ^^^  ^^^^^ 
requisite   to    such    an    action :    also    Minerall    men    and  260  men. 
Refiners.     Besides,  for  solace  of  our  people,  and  allure-  Provisions  fit 
ment   of  the   Savages,  we  were  provided  of  Musike  in  fi^  ■^*5'^  '^"' 
good  variety :    not  omitting  the  least   toyes,   as   Morris 
dancers.  Hobby  horsse,  and  Maylike  conceits  to  delight 
the    Savage    people,    whom    we    intended    to    winne    by 
all    faire   meanes    possible.     And   to  that   end    we    were  [III.  149.] 
indifferently  furnished  of  all    petty  haberdasherie  wares 
to  barter  with  those  simple  people. 

In  this  maner  we  set  forward,  departing  (as  hath  bene  June  11. 
said)  out  of  Causon  bay  the  eleventh  day  of  June  being 
Tuesday,  the  weather  and  winde  faire  and  good  all  day, 
but  a  great  storme  of  thunder  and  winde  fell  the  same 
night. 

Thursday  following,  when  we  hailed  one  another  in  June  13. 
the  evening  (according  to  the  order  before  specified) 
they  signified  unto  us  out  of  the  Vizadmirall,  that  both  Observe. 
the  Captaine,  and  very  many  of  the  men  were  fallen 
sicke.  And  about  midnight  the  Vizeadmirall  forsooke 
us,  notwithstanding  we  had  the  winde  East,  faire  and 
good.  But  it  was  after  credibly  reported,  that  they  were 
infected  with  a  contagious  sicknesse,  and  arrived  greatly 
distressed  at  Plimmoth :  the  reason  I  could  never  under- 
stand. Sure  I  am,  no  cost  was  spared  by  their  owner 
Master  Raleigh  in  setting  them  forth :  Therefore  I  leave 
it  unto  God. 

By  this  time  we  were  in  48  degrees  of  latitude,  not 
a  little  grieved  with  the  losse  of  the  most  puissant  ship  in 

47 


A.D. 
1583. 


June  I  5 . 


July  20. 
Greaifogges 
upon  the  Ocean 
sea  North- 
ward. 


July  27. 


The  banke  in 
length  un- 
knozven, 
stretchethfrom 
North  into 
South,  in 
bredth  10. 
leagues,  in 
depth  of  water 
upon  it  30. 
fadome. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

our  fleete :  after  whose  departure,  the  Golden  Hind 
succeeded  in  the  place  of  Vizadmirall,  and  remooved 
her  flagge  from  the  mizon  unto  the  foretop. 

From  Saturday  the  15  of  June  untill  the  28,  which 
was  upon  a  Friday,  we  never  had  faire  day  without  fogge 
or  raine,  and  windes  bad,  much  to  the  West  northwest, 
whereby  we  were  driven  Southward  unto  41  degrees 
scarse. 

About  this  time  of  the  yere  the  winds  are  commonly 
West  towards  the  Newfound  land,  keeping  ordinarily 
within  two  points  of  West  to  the  South  or  to  the  North, 
whereby  the  course  thither  falleth  out  to  be  long  and 
tedious  after  June,  which  in  March,  Apriell  &  May,  hath 
bene  performed  out  of  England  in  22  dayes  and  lesse. 
We  had  winde  alwayes  so  scant  from  West  northwest, 
and  from  West  southwest  againe,  that  our  traverse  was 
great,  running  South  unto  41  degrees  almost,  and  after- 
ward North  into   51   degrees. 

Also  we  were  incombred  with  much  fogge  and  mists  in 
maner  palpable,  in  which  we  could  not  keepe  so  well 
together,  but  were  dissevered,  losing  the  companie  of 
the  Swallow  and  the  Squirrill  upon  the  20.  day  of  July, 
whom  we  met  againe  at  severall  places  upon  the  New- 
found land  coast  the  third  of  August,  as  shalbe  declared 
in  place  convenient. 

Saturday  the  27  of  July,  we  might  descry  not  farre 
from  us,  as  it  were  mountaines  of  yce  driven  upon  the 
sea,  being  then  in  50  degrees,  which  were  caried  Southward 
to  the  weather  of  us  :  whereby  may  be  conjectured  that 
some  current  doth  set  that  way  from  the  North. 

Before  we  come  to  Newfound  land  about  50  leagues  on 
this  side,  we  passe  the  banke,  which  are  high  grounds 
rising  within  the  sea  and  under  water,  yet  deepe  enough 
and  without  danger,  being  commonly  not  lesse  then 
25  and  30  fadome  water  upon  them  :  the  same  (as  it  were 
some  vaine  of  mountaines  within  the  sea)  doe  runne 
along,  and  from  the  Newfound  land,  beginning  North- 
ward about   52   or   53   degrees  of  latitude,  &  do  extend 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 
into  the  South  infinitly.  The  bredth  of  this  banke  is 
somewhere  more,  and  somewhere  lesse :  but  we  found 
the  same  about  10  leagues  over,  having  sounded  both  on 
this  side  thereof,  and  the  other  toward  Newfound  land, 
but  found  no  Pfround  with  almost  200  fadome  of  line,  , 

both    before    &    after  we   had   passed   the    banke.     The 
Portugals,  and  French  chiefly,   have  a  notable   trade   of  A  greatfish^ 
fishing  upon  this  banke,  where  are  sometimes  an  hundred  f -^  ^^°^  ^^ 

or-'  ^  bci7lk€ 

or  more  sailes  of  ships :  who  commonly  beginne  the 
fishing  in  Apriell,  and  have  ended  by  July.  That  fish 
is  large,  alwayes  wet,  having  no  land  neere  to  drie,  and 
is  called  Corre  fish. 

During  the  time  of  fishing,  a  man  shall  know  without 
sounding  when  he  is  upon  the  banke,  by  the  incredible 
multitude  of  sea  foule  hovering  over  the  same,  to  pray  Abundance  of 
upon    the    offalles    &    garbish    of  fish    throwen    out    by  fi^^^^- 
fishermen,  and  floting  upon  the  sea. 

Upon  Tuesday  the  1 1  of  June,  we  forsooke  the  coast 
of  England.  So  againe  Tuesday  the  30  of  July  (seven  ^ul'^  3°- 
weekes  after)  we  got  sight  of  land,  being  immediatly  F^rst  sight  of 
embayed  in  the  Grand  bay,  or  some  other  great  bay :  the 
certainty  whereof  we  could  not  judge,  so  great  hase  and 
fogge  did  hang  upon  the  coast,  as  neither  we  might 
discerne  the  land  well,  nor  take  the  sunnes  height.  But 
by  our  best  computation  we  were  then  in  the  5 1  degrees 
of  latitude. 

Forsaking  this  bay  and  uncomfortable  coast  (nothing 
appearing  unto  us  but  hideous  rockes  and  mountaines, 
bare  of  trees,  and  voide  of  any  greene  herbe)  we  followed 
the  coast  to  the  South,  with  weather  faire  and  cleare. 

We  had  sight  of  an  Hand  named  Penguin,  of  a  foule  Hand  and  a 
there    breeding    in    abundance,  almost    incredible,   which  f°^^^  named 
cannot  flie,  their  wings  not  able  to  carry  their  body,  being     ^^S^^'^- 
very  large  (not  much  lesse  then  a  goose)  and  exceeding 
fat :  which  the  French  men  use  to  take  without  difficulty 
upon  that  Hand,  and  to  barrell  them  up  with  salt.     But 
for   lingering   of  time   we  had   made   us  there  the  like 
provision. 

viii  49  D 


A.D. 

1583. 
[III.   150.] 

An  Hand 
called  Bacca- 
laos,  the  fish 
taken  there. 


Misdemeanor 
of  them  in  the 
Swalloic. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Trending  this  coast,  we  came  to  the  Hand  called  Bac- 
calaos,  being  not  past  two  leagues  from  the  maine :  to 
the  South  therof  lieth  Cape  S.  Francis,  5.  leagues  distant 
from  Baccalaos,  between  which  goeth  in  a  great  bay,  by 
the  vulgar  sort  called  the  bay  of  Conception.  Here  we 
met  with  the  Swallow  againe,  whom  we  had  lost  in  the 
fogge,  and  all  her  men  altered  into  other  apparell :  wherof 
it  seemed  their  store  was  so  amended,  that  for  joy  and 
congratulation  of  our  meeting,  they  spared  not  to  cast  up 
into  the  aire  and  overboord,  their  caps  &  hats  in  good 
plenty.  The  Captaine  albeit  himselfe  was  very  honest 
and  religious,  yet  was  he  not  appointed  of  men  to  his 
humor  and  desert :  who  for  the  most  part  were  such  as 
had  bene  by  us  surprised  upon  the  narrow  seas  of 
England,  being  pirats  and  had  taken  at  that  instant 
certaine  Frenchmen  laden,  one  barke  with  wines,  and 
another  with  salt.  Both  which  we  rescued,  &  tooke  the 
man  of  warre  with  all  her  men,  which  was  the  same  ship 
now  called  the  Swallow,  following  still  their  kind  so  oft, 
as  (being  separated  from  the  Generall)  they  found  oppor- 
tunitie  to  robbe  and  spoile.  And  because  Gods  justice 
did  follow  the  same  company,  even  to  destruction,  and  to 
the  overthrow  also  of  the  Captaine  (though  not  con- 
senting to  their  misdemeanor)  I  will  not  conceale  any 
thing  that  maketh  to  the  manifestation  and  approbation 
of  his  judgements,  for  examples  of  others,  perswaded  that 
God  more  sharpely  tooke  revenge  upon  them,  and  hath 
tolerated  longer  as  great  outrage  in  others :  by  how  much 
these  went  under  protection  of  his  cause  and  religion, 
which  was  then  pretended. 

Therefore  upon  further  enquiry  it  was  knowen,  how 
this  company  met  with  a  barke  returning  home  after 
the  fishing  with  his  fraight :  and  because  the  men  in 
the  Swallow  were  very  neere  scanted  of  victuall,  and 
chiefly  of  apparell,  doubtful  withall  where  or  when  to 
find  and  meete  with  their  Admiral,  they  besought  the 
captaine  they  might  go  aboord  this  Newlander,  only  to 
borrow  what  might  be  spared,  the  rather  because  the  same 

50 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 
was  bound  homeward.  Leave  given,  not  without  charge 
to  deale  favorably,  they  came  aboord  the  fisherman, 
whom  they  rifled  of  tackle,  sailes,  cables,  victuals,  &  the 
men  of  their  apparell :  not  sparing  by  torture  (winding 
cords  about  their  heads)  to  draw  out  else  what  they 
thought  good.  This  done  with  expedition  (like  men 
skilfuU  in  such  mischiefe)  as  they  tooke  their  cocke  boate 
to  go  aboord  their  own  ship,  it  was  overwhelmed  in  the 
sea,  and  certaine  of  these  men  there  drowned  :  the  rest 
were  preserved  even  by  those  silly  soules  whom  they  had 
before  spoyled,  who  saved  and  delivered  them  aboord 
the  Swallow.  What  became  afterward  of  the  poore 
Newlander,  perhaps  destitute  of  sayles  and  furniture 
sufficient  to  carry  them  home  (whither  they  had  not  lesse 
to  runne  then  700  leagues)  God  alone  knoweth,  who 
tooke  vengeance  not  long  after  of  the  rest  that  escaped  at 
this  instant :  to  reveale  the  fact,  and  justifie  to  the  world 
Gods  judgements  inflicted  upon  them,  as  shalbe  declared 
in  place  convenient. 

Thus  after  we  had  met  with  the  Swallow,  we  held  on 
our  course  Southward,  untill  we  came  against  the  harbor 
called  S.  John,  about  5  leagues  from  the  former  Cape  of 
S.   Francis :    where  before  the  entrance  into  the  harbor,  English  ships 
we  found  also  the  Frigate   or   Squirrill  lying  at   anker.  'irethest7-orig- 
Whom  the  English   marchants  (that  were  &  alwaies  be  mirds  of  other 
Admirals  by  turnes   interchangeably  over  the   fleetes   of  jieetes,  fishing 
fishermen  within  the  same  harbor)  would  not  permit  to  upon  the  South 
enter  into  the  harbor.     Glad  of  so  happy  meeting  both  p^rtsoflsew- 
of  the  Swallow  and  Frigate  in  one  day  (being  Saturday 
the  3.  of  August)  we  made  readie  our  fights,  &  prepared 
to    enter    the    harbor,    any   resistance    to    the    contrarie 
notwithstanding,  there  being  within  of  all  nations,  to  the 
number  of  36  sailes.     But  first  the  Generall  dispatched  a 
boat  to  give  them  knowledge  of  his  comming  for  no  ill 
intent,   having    Commission    from    her    Majestie  for    his 
voiage   he  had  in  hand.      And  immediatly  we  followed 
with  a  slacke  gale,  and  in  the  very  entrance  (which  is  but 
narrow,  not  above  2  buts  length)  the  Admirall  fell  upon 

51 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

a  rocke  on  the  larboord  side  by  great  oversight,  in  that 
the  weather  was  faire,  the  rocke  much  above  water 
fast  by  the  shore,  where  neither  went  any  sea  gate.  But 
we  found  such  readinesse  in  the  EngHsh  Marchants  to 
helpe  us  in  that  danger,  that  without  delay  there  were 
brought  a  number  of  boates,  which  towed  off  the  ship, 
and  cleared  her  of  danger. 

Having  taken  place  convenient  in  the  road,  we  let  fall 
ankers,  the  Captaines  and  Masters  repairing  aboord  our 
Admirall :  whither  also  came  immediatly  the  Masters  and 
owners  of  the  fishing  fleete  of  Englishmen,  to  understand 
the  Generals  intent  and  cause  of  our  arrivall  there.  They 
were  all  satisfied  when  the  General  had  shewed  his 
commission,  and  purpose  to  take  possession  of  those 
lands  to  the  behalfe  of  the  crowne  of  England,  and  the 
advancement  of  Christian  religion  in  those  Paganish 
regions,  requiring  but  their  lawfull  ayde  for  repayring  of 
his  fleete,  and  supply  of  some  necessaries,  so  farre  as 
conveniently  might  be  afforded  him,  both  out  of  that  and 
other  habors  adjoyning.  In  lieu  whereof,  he  made  offer 
to  gratifie  them,  with  any  favour  and  priviledge,  which 
upon  their  better  advise  they  should  demand,  the  like 
being  not  to  bee  obteyned  hereafter  for  greater  price.  So 
craving  expedition  of  his  demand,  minding  to  proceede 
further  South  without  long  detention  in  those  partes,  he 
[III.  151.]  dismissed  them,  after  promise  given  of  their  best  in- 
devour  to  satisfie  speedily  his  so  reasonable  request.  The 
marchants  with  their  Masters  departed,  they  caused 
foorthwith  to  be  discharged  all  the  great  Ordinance  of 
their  fleete  in  token  of  our  welcome. 
Good  order  It  was  further  determined  that  every  ship  of  our  fleete 

taken  by  Eng-  should  deliver  unto  the  marchants  and  Masters  of  that 
for  ^ur\upbh  harbour  a  note  of  all  their  wants :  which  done,  the  ships 
in  Newfound  aswell  English  as  strangers,  were  taxed  at  an  easie  rate 
land.  to    make    supply.       And    besides.   Commissioners    were 

appointed,  part  of  our  owne  companie  and  part  of  theirs, 
to  go  into  other  harbours  adjoyning  (for  our  English 
marchants  command   all   there)   to  leavie  our   provision : 

52 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 
whereunto  the  Portugals  (above  other  nations)  did  most 
willingly  and  liberally  contribute.     Insomuch  as  we  were 
presented   (above  our  allowance)  with  wines,  marmalads, 
most    fine    ruske    or    bisket,    sweet    oyles    and    sundry 
delicacies.     Also  we  wanted  not  of  fresh  salmons,  trouts, 
lobsters    and    other    fresh    fish    brought    daily    unto    us. 
Moreover  as  the  maner  is  in  their  fishing,  every  weeke  to 
choose  their  Admirall  a  new,  or  rather  they  succeede  in 
orderly  course,   and  have   weekely  their   Admirals    feast 
solemnized :   even  so  the  General,  Captaines  and  masters 
of  our  fleete  were  continually  invited  and  feasted.      To 
grow  short,  in  our  abundance  at  home,  the  intertainment  Good  enter- 
had   bene  delightfull,  but   after    our  wants    and    tedious  t^^^^^t^J 
passage  through  the   Ocean,  it   seemed   more   acceptable  i^^j    -^^ 
and  of  greater  contentation,  by  how  much  the  same  was  lavages  In  the 
unexpected  in  that  desolate  corner  of  the  world  :  where  at  South  part  of 
other  times  of  the  yeare,  wilde  beasts  and  birds  have  only  ^^'^fi^^^ 
the  fruition  of  all  those  countries,  which  now  seemed  a 
place  very  populous  and  much  frequented. 

The  next  morning  being  Sunday  and  the  4  of  August,  Jugust  4. 
the  Generall  and  his  company  were  brought  on  land  by 
English  marchants,  who  shewed  unto  us  their  accustomed 
walks  unto  a  place  they  call  the  Garden.  But  nothing 
appeared  more  then  Nature  it  selfe  without  art :  who 
confusedly  hath  brought  foorth  roses  abundantly,  wilde, 
but  odoriferous,  and  to  sense  very  comfortable.  Also  the 
like  plentie  of  raspis  berries,  which  doe  grow  in  every 
place. 

Munday  following,  the  General  had  his   tent  set  up,  August  5. 
who  being  accompanied  with    his    own    followers,    som- 
moned    the   marchants    and    masters,   both    English    and 
strangers  to  be  present  at  his  taking  possession  of  those  Possession 
Countries.     Before  whom  openly  was  read  &  interpreted  ^^ 
unto  the  strangers  his  Commission :    by  vertue  whereof 
he  tooke  possession  in  the  same  harbour  of  S.  John,  and 
200  leagues  every  way,  invested  the  Queenes    Majestic 
with   the   title  and  dignitie   thereof,  had  delivered    unto 
him  (after  the  custome  of  England)  a  rod  &  a  turffe  of 

53 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

the  same  soile,  entring  possession  also  for  him,  his  heires 
and  assignes  for  ever :  And  signified  unto  al  men,  that 
from  that  time  forward,  they  should  take  the  same  land 
as  a  territorie  appertaining  to  the  Queene  of  England^ 
and  himselfe  authorised  under  her  Majestie  to  possesse 
and  enjoy  it.  And  to  ordaine  lawes  for  the  governement 
thereof,  agreeable  (so  neere  as  conveniently  might  be) 
unto  the  lawes  of  England :  under  which  all  people 
comming  thither  hereafter,  either  to  inhabite,  or  by  way 
of  traffique,  should  be  subjected  and  governed.  And 
especially  at  the  same  time  for  a  beginning,  he  proposed 
&  delivered  three  lawes  to  be  in  force  immediatly.  That 
Three  Lawes.  is  to  say :  the  first  for  Religion,  which  in  publique 
exercise  should  be  according  to  the  Church  of  England. 
The  2.  for  maintenance  of  her  Majesties  right  and 
possession  of  those  territories,  against  which  if  any  thing 
were  attempted  prejudiciall,  the  partie  or  parties  offending 
should  be  adjudged  and  executed  as  in  case  of  high 
treason,  according  to  the  lawes  of  England.  The  3. 
if  any  person  should  utter  words  sounding  to  the  dis- 
honour of  her  Majestie,  he  should  loose  his  eares,  and 
have  his  ship  and  goods  confiscate. 

These  contents  published,  obedience  was  promised  by 

generall  voyce   and   consent   of  the  multitude  aswell   of 

Englishmen    as   strangers,     praying    for    continuance  of 

this  possession  and  governement  begun.     After  this,  the 

assembly   was    dismissed.     And    afterward    were    erected 

not  farre  from  that  place  the  Armes  of  England  ingraven 

A ctuall posses-  in  lead,  and  infixed  upon  a  pillar  of  wood.     Yet  further 

sion  mam-       ^^^  actually  to  establish  this  possession  taken  in  the  right 

Newfound-       °^  ^^^   Majestie,   and    to   the   behoofe   of  Sir    Humfrey 

land.  Gilbert   knight,   his   heires   and   assignes    for    ever :     the 

Generall  granted  in  fee  farme  divers  parcels  of  land  lying 

by  the  water  side,  both  in  this  harbor  of  S.  John,  and 

elsewhere,  which  was  to  the  owners  a  great  commoditie, 

being   thereby   assured   (by  their   proper   inheritance)  of 

grounds    convenient    to    dresse    and    to    drie    their    fish, 

whereof  many  times  before  they  did  faile,  being  prevented 

54 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT 


A.D. 
1583. 


by  them  that  came  first  into  the  harbor.  For  which 
grounds  they  did  covenant  to  pay  a  certaine  rent  and 
service  unto  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  his  heires  or  assignes 
for  ever,  and  yeerely  to  maintaine  possession  of  the  same, 
by  themselves  or  their  assignes. 

Now  remained  only  to  take  in  provision  granted,  Menappointed 
according  as  every  shippe  was  taxed,  which  did  fish  upon  ^'^^'^i^^^^^^'^"- 
the  coast  adjoyning.  In  the  meane  while,  the  Generall 
appointed  men  unto  their  charge :  some  to  repaire  and 
trim  the  ships,  others  to  attend  in  gathering  togither 
our  supply  and  provisions :  others  to  search  the  com- 
modities and  singularities  of  the  countrey,  to  be  found  by 
sea  or  land,  and  to  make  relation  unto  the  Generall  what  [HI.  1 5  2.] 
eyther  themselves  could  knowe  by  their  owne  travaile 
and  experience,  or  by  good  intelligence  of  English  men 
or  strangers,  who  had  longest  frequented  the  same  coast. 
Also  some  observed  the  elevation  of  the  pole,  and  drewe 
plats  of  the  countrey  exactly  graded.  And  by  that  I 
could  gather  by  each  mans  severall  relation,  I  have 
drawen  a  briefe  description  of  the  Newfound  land,  with 
the  commodities  by  sea  or  lande  alreadie  made,  and  such 
also  as  are  in  possibilitie  and  great  likelihood  to  be  made : 
Neverthelesse  the  Gardes  and  plats  that  were  drawing, 
with  the  due  gradation  of  the  harbors,  bayes,  and  capes, 
did  perish  with  the  Admirall :  wherefore  in  the  description 
following,  I  must  omit  the  particulars  of  such  things. 

A  briefe  relation   of  the   New   found    lande,   and 
the  commodities  thereof. 


Hat   which    we    doe    call    the    Newfound  ^e^  found 
land,    and    the    Frenchmen    Bacalaos,    is  ^^^f- "  ^[ 
an  Hand,  or  rather  (after  the  opinion  of  i^roken  lands, 
some)  it  consisteth  of  sundry  Hands  and 
broken  lands,  situate  in  the  North  regions 
j  of  America,  upon  the  gulfe  and  entrance 
of  the  great  river  called  S.  Laurence  in 
Canada.     Into  the  which,  navigation  may  be  made  both 
on  the  South  and  North  side  of  this  Hand.     The  land 

55 


A.D. 

1583. 


Goodly  roads 
and  harbours. 


New  found 
land  is  habit- 
able. 


Cold  by  acci- 
dental meanes. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

lyeth  South  and  North,  containing  in  length  betweene 
three  &  400  miles,  accounting  from  cape  Race  (which 
is  in  46  degrees  25  minuts)  unto  the  Grand  bay  in  52 
degrees  of  Septentrionall  latitude.  The  Hand  round 
about  hath  very  many  goodly  bayes  and  harbors,  safe 
roads  for  ships,  the  like  not  to  be  found  in  any  part 
of  the  knowen  world. 

The  common  opinion  that  is  had  of  intemperature  & 
extreme  cold  that  should  be  in  this  countrey,  as  of  some 
part  it  may  be  verified,  namely  the  North,  where  I  grant 
it  is  more  colde  then  in  countries  of  Europe,  which  are 
under  the  same  elevation  :  even  so  it  cannot  stand  with 
reason  and  nature  of  the  clime,  that  the  South  parts 
should  be  so  intemperate  as  the  brute  hath  gone.  For  as 
the  same  doe  lie  under  the  climats  of  Briton,  Anjou, 
Poictou  in  France,  betweene  46  and  49  degrees,  so  can 
they  not  so  much  differ  from  the  temperature  of  those 
countries :  unlesse  upon  the  outcoast  lying  open  unto  the 
Ocean  and  sharpe  windes,  it  must  in  deede  be  subject 
to  more  colde,  then  further  within  the  land,  where  the 
mountaines  are  interposed,  as  walles  and  bulwarkes,  to 
defend  and  to  resist  the  asperitie  and  rigor  of  the  sea  and 
weather.  Some  hold  opinion,  that  the  Newfound  land 
might  be  the  more  subject  to  cold,  by  how  much  it 
lyeth  high  and  neere  unto  the  middle  region.  I  grant 
that  not  in  Newfound  land  alone,  but  in  Germany, 
Italy  and  Afrike,  even  under  the  Equinoctiall  line,  the 
mountaines  are  extreme  cold,  and  seeldome  uncovered  of 
snow,  in  their  culme  and  highest  tops,  which  commeth  to 
passe  by  the  same  reason  that  they  are  extended  towards 
the  middle  region :  yet  in  the  countries  lying  beneth 
them,  it  is  found  quite  contrary.  Even  so  all  hils 
having  their  discents,  the  valleis  also  and  low  grounds 
must  be  likewise  hot  or  temperate,  as  the  clime  doeth 
give  in  Newfound  land :  though  I  am  of  opinion  that  the 
Sunnes  reflection  is  much  cooled,  and  cannot  be  so 
forcible  in  the  Newfound  land,  nor  generally  throughout 
America,    as    in  Europe  or  Afrike :    by  how   much   the 

56 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583- 
Sunne  in  his  diurnall  course  from  East  to  West,  passeth 
over  (for  the  most  part)  dry  land  and  sandy  countries, 
before  he  arriveth  at  the  West  of  Europe  or  Afrike, 
whereby  his  motion  increaseth  heate,  with  little  or  no 
qualification  by  moyst  vapours.  Where,  on  the  contrarie 
he  passeth  from  Europe  and  Afrike  unto  America  over 
the  Ocean,  from  whence  it  draweth  and  carieth  with 
him  abundance  of  moyst  vapours,  which  doe  qualifie  and 
infeeble  greatly  the  Sunnes  reverberation  upon  this 
countrey  chiefly  of  Newfound  land,  being  so  much  to 
the  Northward.  Neverthelesse  (as  I  sayd  before)  the 
cold  cannot  be  so  intollerable  under  the  latitude  of  46 
47  and  48  (especiall  within  land)  that  it  should  be  un- 
habitable, as  some  doe  suppose,  seeing  also  there  are  very 
many  people  more  to  the  North  by  a  great  deale.  And 
in  these  South  parts  there  be  certaine  beastes.  Ounces 
or  Leopards,  and  birdes  in  like  maner  which  in  the 
Sommer  we  have  seene,  not  heard  of  in  countries  of 
extreme  and  vehement  coldnesse.  Besides,  as  in  the 
monethes  of  June,  July,  August  and  September,  the 
heate  is  somewhat  more  then  in  England  at  those  seasons: 
so  men  remaining  upon  the  South  parts  neere  unto  Cape 
Rece,  untill  after  Hollandtide,  have  not  found  the  cold 
so  extreme,  nor  much  differing  from  the  temperature 
of  England.  Those  which  have  arrived  there  after 
November  and  December,  have  found  the  snow  exceed- 
ing deepe,  whereat  no  marvaile,  considering  the  ground 
upon  the  coast,  is  rough  and  uneven,  and  the  snow  is 
driven  into  the  places  most  declyning  as  the  like  is  to 
be  seene  with  us.  The  like  depth  of  snow  happily  shall 
not  be  found  within  land  upon  the  playner  countries, 
which  also  are  defended  by  the  mountaines,  breaking  off  [III.  153,] 
the  violence  of  winds  and  weather.  But  admitting  extra- 
ordinary cold  in  those  South  parts,  above  that  with  us 
here :  it  can  not  be  so  great  as  in  Swedland,  much  lesse  in 
Moscovia  or  Russia:  yet  are  the  same  countries  very 
populous,  and  the  rigor  of  cold  is  dispensed  with  by  the 
commoditie  of  Stoves,  warme  clothing,  meats  and  drinkes :   Commodities. 

57 


water. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

all  which  neede  not  to  be  wanting  in  the  Newfound  land, 
if  we  had  intent  there  to  inhabite. 

In  the  South  parts  we  found  no  inhabitants,  which 
by  all  likelihood  have  abandoned  those  coastes,  the  same 
being  so  much  frequented  by  Christians :  But  in  the 
North  are  savages  altogether  harmelesse.  Touching  the 
commodities  of  this  countrie,  serving  either  for  sustenta- 
tion  of  inhabitants,  or  for  maintenance  of  traffique,  there 
are  &  may  be  made  divers :  so  y'  it  seemeth  Nature 
hath  recompenced  that  only  defect  and  incommoditie  of 
some  sharpe  cold,  by  many  benefits :  viz.  With  incredible 
Fish  of  sea  quantitie,  and  no  lesse  varietie  of  kindes  of  fish  in  the  sea 
^^^^Jj"^  and  fresh  waters,  as  Trouts,  Salmons  and  other  fish  to 
us  unknowen :  Also  Cod,  which  alone  draweth  many 
nations  thither,  and  is  become  the  most  famous  fishing 
of  the  world.  Abundance  of  Whales,  for  which  also  is 
a  very  great  trade  in  the  bayes  of  Placentia  &  the  Grand 
bay,  where  is  made  Traine  oiles  of  the  Whale :  Herring 
the  largest  that  have  bene  heard  of,  and  exceeding  the 
Malstrond  herring  of  Norway :  but  hitherto  was  never 
benefit  taken  of  the  herring  fishing.  There  are  sundry 
other  fish  very  delicate,  namely  the  Bonito,  Lobsters, 
Turbut,  with  others  infinite  not  sought  after :  Oysters 
having  pearle  but  not  orient  in  colour :  I  tooke  it  by 
reason  they  were  not  gathered  in  season. 

Concerning  the  inland  commodities,  aswel  to  be  drawen 
from  this  land,  as  from  the  exceeding  large  countries 
adjoyning:  there  is  nothing  which  our  East  and 
Northerly  countries  of  Europe  doe  yeelde,  but  the  like 
also  may  be  made  in  them  as  plentifully  by  time  and 
Industrie :  Namely,  rosen,  pitch,  tarre,  sopeashes,  deal- 
boord,  mastes  for  ships,  hides,  furres,  flaxe,  hempe,  corne, 
cables,  cordage,  linnen-cloth,  mettals  and  many  more. 
All  which  the  countries  will  aford,  and  the  soyle  is  apt 
to   yeelde. 

The  trees  for  the  most  in  those  South  parts,  are 
Firretrees,  Pine  and  Cypresse,  all  yeelding  Gumme  and 
Turpentine. 

58 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  ad. 

1583- 

Cherrie  trees  bearing  fruit  no  bigger  than  a  small  pease. 
Also  peare  trees,  but  fruitlesse.  Other  trees  of  some  sorts 
to  us  unknowen. 

The  soyle  along  the  coast  is  not  deepe  of  earth,  bring- 
ing foorth  abundantly  peason  small,  yet  good  feeding  for 
cattel.  Roses  passing  sweet,  like  unto  our  muske  roses 
in  forme,  raspases,  a  berry  which  we  call  Hurts,  good  and 
holesome  to  eat.  The  grasse  and  herbe  doth  fat  sheepe 
in  very  short  space,  proved  by  English  marchants  which 
have  caried  sheepe  thither  for  fresh  victuall  and  had  them 
raised  exceeding  fat  in  lesse  then  three  weekes.  Peason 
which  our  countreymen  have  sowen  in  the  time  of  May, 
have  come  up  faire,  and  bene  gathered  in  the  beginning 
of  August,  of  which  our  Generall  had  a  present  accept- 
able for  the  rarenesse,  being  the  first  fruits  comming  up 
by  art  and  Industrie  in  that  desolate  and  dishabited  land. 

Lakes  or  pooles  of  fresh  water,  both  on  the  tops  of 
mountaines  and  in  the  vallies.  In  which  are  said  to  be 
muskles  not  unlike  to  have  pearle,  which  I  had  put  in 
triall,  if  by  mischance  falling  unto  me,  I  had  not  bene 
letted  from  that  and  other  good  experiments  I  was 
minded  to  make. 

Foule  both  of  water  and  land  in  great  plentie  and 
diversitie.  All  kind  of  greene  foule  :  Others  as  bigge  as 
Bustards,  yet  not  the  same.  A  great  white  foule  called 
of  some  a  Gaunt. 

Upon  the  land  divers  sorts  of  haukes,  as  faulcons,  and 
others  by  report :  Partridges  most  plentifull  larger  then 
ours,  gray  and  white  of  colour,  and  rough  footed  like 
doves,  which  our  men  after  one  flight  did  kill  with 
cudgels,  they  were  so  fat  and  unable  to  flie.  Birds  some 
like  blackbirds,  linnets,  canary  birds,  and  other  very  small. 
Beasts  of  sundry  kindes,  red  deare,  buflles  or  a  beast,  as 
it  seemeth  by  the  tract  &  foote  very  large  in  maner  of  an 
oxe,  Beares,  ounces  or  leopards,  some  greater  &  some 
lesser,  wolves,  foxes,  which  to  the  Northward  a  litle 
further  are  black,  whose  furre  is  esteemed  in  some  Coun- 
tries  of  Europe  very  rich.     Otters,  bevers,   marternes : 

59 


A.D. 
1583. 


'Newfound 
land  doth 
minuter  com- 
modities abun- 
dantly fo7'  art 
y  Industrie. 
[III.  154.] 


Silver  Ore 
brought  unto 
ihe  Generall. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

And  in  the  opinion  of  most  men  that  saw  it,  the  Generall 
had  brought  unto  him  a  Sable  alive,  which  he  sent  unto 
his  brother  sir  John  Gilbert  knight  of  Devonshire :  but  it 
was  never  delivered,  as  after  I  understood.  We  could 
not  observe  the  hundreth  part  of  creatures  in  those 
unhabited  lands :  but  these  mentioned  may  induce  us 
to  glorifie  the  magnificent  God,  who  hath  superabun- 
dantly replenished  the  earth  with  creatures  serving  for 
the  use  of  man,  though  man  hath  not  used  a  fift  part  of 
the  same,  which  the  more  doth  aggravate  the  fault  and 
foolish  slouth  in  many  of  our  nation,  chusing  rather  to 
live  indirectly,  and  very  miserably  to  live  &  die  within 
this  realme  pestered  with  inhabitants,  then  to  adventure 
as  becommeth  men,  to  obtaine  an  habitation  in  those 
remote  lands,  in  which  Nature  very  prodigally  doth 
minister  unto  mens  endevours,  and  for  art  to  worke 
upon. 

For  besides  these  alreadie  recounted  and  infinite  moe, 
the  mountaines  generally  make  shew  of  minerall  sub- 
stance :  Iron  very  common,  lead,  and  somewhere  copper. 
I  will  not  averre  of  richer  mettals :  albeit  by  the  circum- 
stances following,  more  then  hope  may  be  conceived 
thereof. 

For  amongst  other  charges  given  to  inquire  out  the 
singularities  of  this  countrey,  the  Generall  was  most 
curious  in  the  search  of  mettals,  commanding  the  minerall 
man  and  refiner,  especially  to  be  diligent.  The  same  was 
a  Saxon  borne,  honest  and  religious,  named  Daniel. 
Who  after  search  brought  at  first  some  sort  of  Ore, 
seeming  rather  to  be  yron  then  other  mettall.  The  next 
time  he  found  Ore,  which  with  no  small  shew  of  content- 
ment he  delivered  unto  the  General,  using  protestation, 
that  if  silver  were  the  thing  which  might  satisfie  the 
Generall  &  his  followers,  there  it  was,  advising  him  to 
seeke  no  further :  the  perill  whereof  he  undertooke  upon 
his  life  (as  deare  unto  him  as  the  Crowne  of  England  unto 
her  Majestie,  that  I  may  use  his  owne  words)  if  it  fell  not 
out  accordingly. 

60 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 

My  selfe  at  this  instant  liker  to  die  then  to  live,  by  a 
mischance,  could  not  follow  this  confident  opinion  of  our 
refiner  to  my  owne  satisfaction  :  but  afterward  demand- 
ing our  Generals  opinion  therein,  and  to  have  some  part 
of  the  Ore,  he  replied :  Content  your  selfe,  I  have  scene 
ynough,  and  were  it  but  to  satisfie  my  private  humor, 
I  would  proceede  no  further.  The  promise  unto  my 
friends,  and  necessitie  to  bring  also  the  South  countries 
within  compasse  of  my  Patent  neere  expired,  as  we  have 
alreadie  done  these  North  parts,   do   only  perswade  me  Reasons  why 

further.     And  touching  the  Ore,  I  have  sent  it  aboord,  ^'^M/^^'' 
1  TT  111  11  J  1  search  was 

whereor  1  would  nave  no  speech  to   be  made  so  long  as  ^^^^  ^^  ^^^ 

we   remaine   within  harbor :    here  being  both   Portugals,  silver  mine. 

Biscains  and  Frenchmen  not  farre  off,  from  whom  must 

be  kept  any  bruit  or  muttering  of  such  matter.     When 

we  are  at  sea  proofe  shalbe  made :  if  it  be  to  our  desire, 

we    may    returne    the    sooner    hither    againe.      Whose 

answere    I  judged   reasonable,   and   contenting  me  well : 

wherewith  I  will  conclude  this  narration  and  description 

of  the  Newfound  land,  and  proceede  to  the  rest  of  our 

voyage,  which  ended  tragically. 

WHile  the  better  sort  of  us  were  seriously  occupied 
in  repairing  our  wants,  and  contriving  of  matters 
for  the  commoditie  of  our  voyage  :  others  of  another  sort  Misdemeanor 

&  disposition  were  plotting:  of  mischiefe.     Some  casting  ^"  "f 
1  .      .  .  .  '-'    tame 

to    steale    away   our  shipping   by  night,  watching  opor-  ^ 

tunitie  by  the  Generals  and  Captaines  lying  on  the  shore : 

whose    conspiracies    discovered,     they    were    prevented. 

Others  drew  togither   in  company,  and  caried  away  out 

of  the  harbors  adjoyning,  a  ship  laden  with  fish,  setting 

the  poore  men   on  shore.     A  great   many  more  of  our 

people  stole  into  the  woods  to  hide  themselves,  attending 

time  and  meanes  to   returne  home  by  such  shipping  as 

daily    departed    from    the    coast.     Some    were    sicke    of 

fluxes,  and   many  dead :  and   in  briefe,   by   one  meanes 

or  other  our  company  was  diminished,  and  many  by  the 

Generall  licensed   to   returne  home.     Insomuch  as  after 

61 


tn  our  com- 


A.D. 

1583- 


God  brought 
togitker  these 
men  into  the 
ship  ordained 
to  perish,  who 
before  had 
committed  such 
outrage. 


Why  sir 
Humf.  Gil- 
bert went  in 
the  Frigate. 


Liberalitie  of 
the  Portugals. 


August  20 
S.  Johns  in  47 
deg.  40  niin. 


Cape  Race  in 
46  degrees  2  5 
minutes. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

we  had  reviewed  our  people,  resolved  to  see  an  end  of 
our  voyage,  we  grewe  scant  of  men  to  furnish  all  our 
shipping :  it  seemed  good  therefore  unto  the  Generall 
to  leave  the  Swallowe  with  such  provision  as  might  be 
spared  for  transporting  home  the  sicke  people. 

The  Captaine  of  the  Delight  or  Admirall  returned  into 
England,  in  whose  stead  was  appointed  Captaine  Maurice 
Browne,  before  Captaine  of  the  Swallow :  who  also 
brought  with  him  into  the  Delight  all  his  men  of  the 
Swallow,  which  before  have  bene  noted  of  outrage  perpe- 
trated and  committed  upon  fishermen  there  met  at  sea. 

The  Generall  made  choise  to  goe  in  his  frigate  the 
Squirrell  (whereof  the  Captaine  also  was  amongst  them 
that  returned  into  England)  the  same  Frigate  being  most 
convenient  to  discover  upon  the  coast,  and  to  search  into 
every  harbor  or  creeke,  which  a  great  ship  could  not  doe. 
Therefore  the  Frigate  was  prepared  with  her  nettings  & 
fights,  and  overcharged  with  bases  and  such  small  Ordi- 
nance, more  to  give  a  shew,  then  with  judgement  to 
foresee  unto  the  safetie  of  her  and  the  men,  which  after- 
ward was  an  occasion  also  of  their  overthrow. 

Now  having  made  readie  our  shipping,  that  is  to  say, 
the  Delight,  the  golden  Hinde,  and  the  Squirrell,  and 
put  aboord  our  provision,  which  was  wines,  bread  or 
ruske,  fish  wette  and  drie,  sweete  oiles :  besides  many 
other,  as  marmalades,  figs,  lymmons  barrelled,  and  such 
like  :  Also  we  had  other  necessary  provisions  for  trimming 
our  ships,  nets  and  lines  to  fish  withall,  boates  or  pin- 
nesses  fit  for  discovery.  In  briefe,  we  were  supplied  of  our 
wants  commodiously,  as  if  we  had  bene  in  a  Countrey  or 
some  Citie  populous  and  plentifull  of  all  things. 

We  departed  from  this  harbour  of  S.  Johns  upon 
Tuesday  the  twentieth  of  August,  which  we  found  by 
exact  observation  to  be  in  47  degrees  40  minutes.  And 
the  next  day  by  night  we  were  at  Cape  Race,  25  leagues 
from  the  same  harborough. 

This  Cape  lyeth  South  Southwest  from  S.  Johns :  it  is 
a  low  land,  being  off  from  the  Cape  about  halfe  a  league : 

62 


SIR   HUMPHREY  GILBERT  a.d. 

1583- 
within  the  sea  riseth  up  a  rocke  against  the  point  of  the 
Cape,  which  thereby  is  easily  knowen :  It  is  in  latitude 
46  degrees  25  minutes. 

Under    this    Cape   we   were    becalmed    a    small    time,  [III.  155.] 
during    which   we    layd    out    hookes   and    lines   to    take 
Codde,  and  drew  in  lesse  then  two  houres,  fish  so  large  Fi^^  {^rge  and 
and  in  such  abundance,  that  many   dayes  after  we   fed  P^^^^V^"- 
upon  no  other  provision. 

From  hence  we  shaped  our  course  unto  the  Island 
of  Sablon,  if  conveniently  it  would  so  fall  out,  also 
directly  to  Cape  Briton. 

Sablon  lieth  to  the  sea-ward  of  Cape  Briton  about  Cattel  in  the 
25  leagues,  whither  we  were  determined  to  goe  upon  '■^^°j  ^  ""• 
intelligence  we  had  of  a  Portugal,  (during  our  abode 
in  S.  Johns)  who  was  himselfe  present,  when  the 
Portugals  (above  thirty  yeeres  past)  did  put  into  the 
same  Island  both  Neat  and  Swine  to  breede,  which  were 
since  exceedingly  multiplied.  This  seemed  unto  us  very 
happy  tidings,  to  have  in  an  Island  lying  so  neere  unto 
the  maine,  which  we  intended  to  plant  upon,  such  store  of 
cattell,  whereby  we  might  at  all  times  conveniently  be 
relieved  of  victuall,  and  served  of  store  for  breed. 

In  this  course  we  trended  along  the  coast,  which  from 
Cape  Race  stretcheth  into  the  Northwest,  making  a  bay 
which  some  called  Trepassa.  Then  it  goeth  out  againe 
toward  the  West,  and  maketh  a  point,  which  with 
Cape  Race  lieth  in  maner  East  and  West.  But  this 
point  inclineth  to  the  North :  to  the  West  of  which  goeth 
in  the  bay  of  Placentia.  We  sent  men  on  land  to  take 
view  of  the  soyle  along  this  coast,  whereof  they  made  good  Good  solk. 
report,  and  some  of  them  had  wil  to  be  planted  there. 
They  saw  Pease  growing  in  great  abundance  every  where. 

The  distance  betweene  Cape  Race  and  Cape  Briton 
is  87  leagues.  In  which  Navigation  we  spent  8  dayes, 
having  many  times  the  wind  indifferent  good :  yet  could 
we  never  attaine  sight  of  any  land  all  that  time,  seeing  we 
were  hindred  by  the  current.  At  last  we  fell  into  such 
flats  and  dangers,  that  hardly  any  of  us  escaped :  where 

63 


A.D. 
1583. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

neverthelesse  we  lost  our  Admiral  with  al  the  men  and 
provision,  not  knowing  certainly  the  place.  Yet  for 
inducing  men  of  skill  to  make  conjecture,  by  our  course 
and  way  we  held  from  Cape  Race  thither  (that  thereby  the 
flats  and  dangers  may  be  inserted  in  sea  Cards,  for  warn- 
ing to  others  that  may  follow  the  same  course  hereafter) 
I  have  set  downe  the  best  reckonings  that  were  kept 
by  expert  men,  William  Cox  Master  of  the  Hind,  and 
John  Paul  his  mate,  both  of  Limehouse. 

Reckonings  kept  in  our  course  from  Cape  Race  to- 
wards Cape  Briton,  and  the  Island  of  Sablon,  to 
the  time  and  place  where  we  lost  our  Admiral!. 


August  22. 


August  29. 


'West,  14. 
West  and  by  South.     25. 

Westnorthwest,  25. 

Westnorthwest,  9. 

^  Southsouthwest,  10. 

Southwest,  12. 

Southsouthwest,  10. 

Westnorthwest.  12. 


leagues. 


Here    we     lost 
^  our  Admiral. 

Summe  of  these  leagues,   117. 

The  reckoning  of  John  Paul  Masters  mate  from 

Cape  Race. 

'  West, 
Northwest  and  by  West, 


August  22. 

23 
24 

25 
26 

27 

28 


14  leagues. 
9- 


29 


Southwest  and  by  South,   5. 

West  and  by  South,  40. 

West  and  by  North,  7. 

<^  Southwest,  3. 

Southwest,  9. 

Southwest,  7. 

Westsouthwest,  7. 

Northwest  and  by  West,  20.  Here  we  lost 

our  Admirall. 
Summe  of  all  these  leagues,   121. 
64 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 
Our  course  we  held  in  clearing  us  of  these  flats  was  [III.  156.] 
Eastsoutheast,  and  Southeast,  and  South  14  leagues  with 
a  marveilous  scant  winde. 

The  maner  how  our  Admirall  was  lost. 

UPon  Tewsday  the  27  of  August,  toward  the  evening,  Jugust  27. 
our    Generall  caused   them  in  his  frigat  to   sound, 
who    found    white   sande    at   35    fadome,   being  then  in 
latitude  about  44  degrees. 

Wednesday  toward  night  the  wind  came  South,  and 
wee  bare  with  the  land  all  that  night,  Westnorthwest, 
contrary  to  the  mind  of  master  Cox :  neverthelesse  wee 
followed  the  Admirall,  deprived  of  power  to  prevent  a 
mischiefe,  which  by  no  contradiction  could  be  brought 
to  hold  other  course,  alleaging  they  could  not  make 
the  ship  to  worke  better,  nor  to  lie  otherwaies. 

The  evening  was  faire  and  pleasant,  yet  not  without  Predictions 
token  of  storme  to  ensue,  and  most  part  of  this  "^fi'^^  ^^^^ 
Wednesday  night,  like  the  Swanne  that  singeth  before 
her  death,  they  in  the  Admiral,  or  Delight,  continued 
in  sounding  of  Trumpets,  with  Drummes,  and  Fifes : 
also  winding  the  Cornets,  Haughtboyes :  and  in  the 
end  of  their  jolitie,  left  with  the  battell  and  ringing  of 
dolefuU  knels. 

Towards  the  evening  also  we  caught  in  the  Golden 
Hinde  a  very  mighty  Porpose,  with  a  harping  yron, 
having  first  striken  divers  of  them,  and  brought  away  part 
of  their  flesh,  sticking  upon  the  yron,  but  could  recover 
onely  that  one.  These  also  passing  through  the  Ocean,  in 
heardes,  did  portend  storme.  I  omit  to  recite  frivolous 
reportes  by  them  in  the  Frigat,  of  strange  voyces,  the 
same  night,  which  scarred  some  from  the  helme. 

Thursday  the  29  of  August,  the  wind  rose,  and  blew 
vehemently  at  South  and  by  East,  bringing  withal  raine, 
and  thicke  mist,  so  that  we  could  not  see  a  cable  length 
before  us.     And  betimes   in    the   morning  we  were   al-  Losse  of  our 
together  runne  and  folded  in  amongst  flats  and  sands,  ^(^"^^f^^^- 
amongst  which  we  found  shoale  and  deepe  in  every  three 

VIII  65  E 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

or  foure  shippes  length,  after  wee  began  to  sound :  but 
first  we  were  upon  them  unawares,  untill  master  Cox 
looking  out,  discerned  (in  his  judgement)  white  cliffes, 
crying  (land)  withall,  though  we  could  not  afterward 
descrie  any  land,  it  being  very  likely  the  breaking  of 
the  sea  white,  which  seemed  to  be  white  cliffes,  through 
the  haze  and  thicke  weather. 

Immediatly  tokens  were  given  unto  the  Delight,  to 
cast  about  to  seaward,  which,  being  the  greater  ship, 
and  of  burden  120  tunnes,  was  yet  formost  upon  the 
breach,  keeping  so  ill  watch,  that  they  knew  not  the 
danger,  before  they  felt  the  same,  too  late  to  recover 
it :  for  presently  the  Admirall  strooke  a  ground,  and 
had  soone  after  her  sterne  and  hinder  partes  beaten  in 
pieces :  whereupon  the  rest  (that  is  to  say,  the  Frigat 
in  which  was  the  Generall  and  the  Golden  Hinde)  cast 
about  Eastsoutheast,  bearing  to  the  South,  even  for  our 
lives  into  the  windes  eye,  because  that  way  caried  us  to 
the  seaward.  Making  out  from  this  danger,  wee  sounded 
one  while  seven  fadome,  then  five  fadome,  then  foure 
fadome  and  lesse,  againe  deeper,  immediatly  foure  fadome, 
then  but  three  fadome,  the  sea  going  mightily  and  high. 
At  last  we  recovered  (God  be  thanked)  in  some  despaire, 
to  sea  roome  enough. 

In  this  distresse,  wee  had  vigilant  eye  unto  the 
Admirall,  whom  wee  sawe  cast  away,  without  power  to 
give  the  men  succour,  neither  could  we  espie  any  of  the 
men  that  leaped  overboord  to  save  themselves,  either  in 
the  same  Pinnesse  or  Cocke,  or  upon  rafters,  and  such 
like  meanes,  presenting  themselves  to  men  in  those 
extremities :  for  we  desired  to  save  the  men  by  every 
possible  meanes.  But  all  in  vaine,  sith  God  had  deter- 
mined their  ruine :  yet  all  that  day,  and  part  of  the 
next,  we  beat  up  and  downe  as  neere  unto  the  wracke  as 
was  possible  for  us,  looking  out,  if  by  good  hap  we  might 
espie  any  of  them. 

This  was  a  heavy  and  grievous  event,  to  lose  at  one 
blow   our  chiefe  shippe   fraighted  with   great    provision, 

66 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 
gathered  together  with  much  travell,  care,  long  time,  and 
difficultie.     But  more  was  the  losse  of  our  men,  which 
perished   to    the    number  almost   of  a  hundreth   soules. 
Amongst  whom  was  drowned  a  learned  man,  an  Hun-  Stephanus 
garian,  borne  in  the  citie  of  Buda,  called  thereof  Budasus,  ^'^^^^f «/  ^ 
who  of  pietie  and  zeale  to  good  attempts,  adventured  in  ganan. 
this    action,    minding    to  record    in   the    Latine    tongue, 
the  gests  and  things  worthy  of  remembrance,  happening 
in  this  discoverie,  to  the  honour  of  our  nation,  the  same 
being   adorned  with    the   eloquent   stile  of  this   Orator, 
and  rare  Poet  of  our  time. 

Here  also  perished  our  Saxon  Refiner  and  Discoverer  Daniel  a 
of  inestimable  riches,  as  it  was  left  amongst  some  of  us  '■^^^''  °f 
in  undoubted  hope.  ^^  ^^' 

No  lesse  heavy  was  the  losse  of  the  Captaine  Maurice 
Browne,  a  vertuous,  honest,  and  discreete  Gentleman,  [HI.  157.] 
overseene  onely  in  liberty  given  late  before  to  men,  that 
ought  to  have  bene  restrained,  who  shewed  himselfe  a 
man  resolved,  and  never  unprepared  for  death,  as  by  his 
last  act  of  this  tragedie  appeared,  by  report  of  them  that 
escaped  this  wracke  miraculously,  as  shall  bee  hereafter 
declared.  For  when  all  hope  was  past  of  recovering  the 
ship,  and  that  men  began  to  give  over,  and  to  save 
themselves,  the  Captaine  was  advised  before  to  shift  also 
for  his  life,  by  the  Pinnesse  at  the  sterne  of  the  ship :  but 
refusing  that  counsell,  he  would  not  give  example  with 
the  first  to  leave  the  shippe,  but  used  all  meanes  to 
exhort  his  people  not  to  despaire,  nor  so  to  leave  off  their 
labour,  choosing  rather  to  die,  then  to  incurre  infamie, 
by  forsaking  his  charge,  which  then  might  be  thought  to 
have  perished  through  his  default,  shewing  an  ill  pre- 
sident unto  his  men,  by  leaving  the  ship  first  himselfe. 
With  this  mind  hee  mounted  upon  the  highest  decke, 
where  hee  attended  imminent  death,  and  unavoidable: 
how  long,  I  leave  it  to  God,  who  withdraweth  not  his 
comfort  from  his  servants  at  such  times. 

In    the   meane    season,    certaine,   to    the    number    of 
foureteene   persons,   leaped    into   a   small  Pinnesse  (the 

67 


A.D. 
1583. 

A  wonderfull 

scape  and 

delivei-ance. 

A  great  dis- 

tresse. 

A  desperate 

resolution. 


Ttvo  men 
famished. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

bignes  of  a  Thames  barge,  which  was  made  in  the  New 
found  land)  cut  off  the  rope  wherewith  it  was  towed,  and 
committed  themselves  to  Gods  mercy,  amiddest  the 
storme,  and  rage  of  sea  and  windes,  destitute  of  foode, 
not  so  much  as  a  droppe  of  fresh  water.  The  boate 
seeming  overcharged  in  foule  weather  with  company, 
Edward  Headly  a  valiant  souldier,  and  well  reputed  of 
his  companie,  preferring  the  greater  to  the  lesser,  thought 
better  that  some  of  them  perished  then  all,  made  this 
motion  to  cast  lots,  and  them  to  bee  throwen  overboord 
upon  whom  the  lots  fell,  thereby  to  lighten  the  boate, 
which  otherwayes  seemed  impossible  to  live,  oifred 
himselfe  with  the  first,  content  to  take  his  adventure 
gladly :  which  nevertheles  Richard  Clarke,  that  was 
Master  of  the  Admirall,  and  one  of  this  number,  refused, 
advising  to  abide  Gods  pleasure,  who  was  able  to  save  all, 
as  well  as  a  few. 

The  boate  was  caried  before  the  wind,  continuing  sixe 
dayes  and  nights  in  the  Ocean,  and  arrived  at  last  with 
the  men  (alive,  but  weake)  upon  the  New  found  land, 
saving  that  the  foresayd  Headly,  (who  had  bene  late 
sicke)  and  another  called  of  us  Brasile,  of  his  travell  into 
those  Countreys,  died  by  the  way,  famished,  and  lesse 
able  to  holde  out,  then  those  of  better  health.  For  such 
was  these  poore  mens  extremitie,  in  cold  and  wet,  to  have 
no  better  sustenance  then  their  owne  urine,  for  sixe  dayes 
together. 

Thus  whom  God  delivered  from  drowning,  hee  ap- 
pointed to  bee  famished,  who  doth  give  limits  to  mans 
times,  and  ordaineth  the  manner  and  circumstance  of 
dying :  whom  againe  he  will  preserve,  neither  Sea,  nor 
famine  can  confound.  For  those  that  arrived  upon  the 
Newe  found  land,  were  brought  into  France  by  certaine 
French  men,  then  being  upon  that  coast. 

After  this  heavie  chance,  wee  continued  in  beating  the 
sea  up  and  downe,  expecting  when  the  weather  would 
cleere  up,  that  we  might  yet  beare  in  with  the  land,  which 
we  judged   not  farre   off,  either   the    continent   or  some 

68 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 

Island.     For  we  many  times,  and  in  sundry  places  found 

ground  at  50,  45,  40  fadomes,  and  lesse.     The  ground 

comming  upon  our  lead,  being  sometimes  oazie  sand,  and 

otherwhile  a  broad  shell,  with  a  little  sand  about  it. 

Our  people  lost  courage  dayly  after  this  ill  successe,  the  C^^ts^s  infon- 

weather  continuing:  thicke  and  blustering:,  with  increase  of  ''^^  ^'  ^°, 

.  ■  vBttivyiB  honvB 

cold,   Winter   drawing   on,   which   tooke  from   them    all 

hope    of  amendement,    setling    an    assurance    of  worse 

weather  to  growe  upon  us  every  day.     The  Leeside  of  us 

lay  full  of  flats  and  dangers  inevitable,  if  the  wind  blew 

hard  at  South.     Some  againe  doubted  we  were  ingulfed 

in  the  Bay  of  S.  Laurence,  the  coast  full  of  dangers,  and 

unto    us    unknowen.     But    above    all,    provision    waxed 

scant,   and   hope  of  supply  was  gone,  with  losse  of  our 

Admirall. 

Those  in  the  Frigat  were  already  pinched  with  spare 
allowance,  and  want  of  clothes  chiefly :  Whereupon  they 
besought  the  Generall  to  returne  for  England,  before 
they  all  perished.  And  to  them  of  the  Golden  Hinde, 
they  made  signes  of  their  distresse,  pointing  to  their 
mouthes,  and  to  their  clothes  thinne  and  ragged :  then 
immediately  they  also  of  the  Golden  Hinde,  grew  to  be 
of  the  same  opinion  and  desire  to  returne  home. 

The  former  reasons  having  also  moved  the  Generall  to 
have  compassion  of  his  poore  men,  in  whom  he  saw  no 
want  of  good  will,  but  of  meanes  fit  to  performe  the 
action  they  came  for,  resolved  upon  retire :  and  calling 
the  Captaine  and  Master  of  the  Hinde,  he  yeelded  them 
many  reasons,  inforcing  this  unexpected  returne,  withall 
protesting  himselfe,  greatly  satisfied  with  that  hee  had 
scene,  and  knew  already. 

Reiterating  these  words.  Be  content,  we  have  scene 
enough,  and  take  no  care  of  expence  past :  I  will  set  you 
foorth  royally  the  next  Spring,  if  God  send  us  safe  home. 
Therefore  I  pray  you  let  us  no  longer  strive  here,  where 
we  fight  against  the  elements. 

Omitting  circumstance,  how  unwillingly  the  Captaine 
&  Master  of  the  Hinde  condescended  to  this  motion,  his  [III.  158.] 

69 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

owne  company  can  testifie :  yet  comforted  with  the 
Generals  promises  of  a  speedie  returne  at  Spring,  and 
induced  by  other  apparant  reasons,  proving  an  impos- 
sibilitie,  to  accomplish  the  action  at  that  time,  it  was 
concluded  on  all  hands  to  retire. 

August  31.  So  upon  Saturday  in  the  afternoone  the  3 1  of  August, 

we  changed  our  course,  and  returned  backe  for  England, 
at  which  very  instant,  even  in  winding  about,  there  passed 
along  betweene  us  and  towards  the  land  which  we  now 

A  monster  of    forsooke  a  very  lion  to  our  seeming,  in   shape,  hair  and 

the  sea.  colour,   not    swimming   after    the    maner   of  a    beast    by 

mooving  of  his  feete,  but  rather  sliding  upon  the  water 
with  his  whole  body  (excepting  the  legs)  in  sight,  neither 
yet  diving  under,  and  againe  rising  above  the  water,  as 
the  maner  is,  of  Whales,  Dolphins,  Tunise,  Porposes,  and 
all  other  fish :  but  confidently  shewing  himselfe  above 
water  without  hiding :  Notwithstanding,  we  presented 
our  selves  in  open  view  and  gesture  to  amase  him,  as  all 
creatures  will  be  commonly  at  a  sudden  gaze  and  sight  of 
men.  Thus  he  passed  along  turning  his  head  to  and  fro, 
yawning  and  gaping  wide,  with  ougly  demonstration  of 
long  teeth,  and  glaring  eies,  and  to  bidde  us  a  farewell 
(comming  right  against  the  Hinde)  he  sent  forth  a 
horrible  voyce,  roaring  or  bellowing  as  doeth  a  lion, 
which  spectacle  wee  all  beheld  so  farre  as  we  were  able  to 
discerne  the  same,  as  men  prone  to  wonder  at  every 
strange  thing,  as  this  doubtlesse  was,  to  see  a  lion  in  the 
Ocean  sea,  or  fish  in  shape  of  a  lion.  What  opinion 
others  had  thereof,  and  chiefly  the  Generall  himselfe,  I 
forbeare  to  deliver :  But  he  tooke  it  for  Bonum  Omen, 
rejoycing  that  he  was  to  warre  against  such  an  enemie,  if 
it  were  the  devill. 

The  wind  was  large  for  England  at  our  returne,  but 
very  high,  and  the  sea  rough,  insomuch  as  the  Frigat 
wherein  the  Generall  went  was  almost  swalowed  up. 

September  2.  Munday  in  the  afternoone  we  passed  in  the  sight  of 
Cape  Race,  having  made  as  much  way  in  little  more  then 
two  dayes  and   nights  backe   againe,  as  before  wee   had 

70 


SIR   HUMPHREY    GILBERT  a.d. 

1583- 
done  in  eight  dayes  from  Cape  Race,  unto  the  place 
where  our  ship  perished.  Which  hindrance  thitherward, 
and  speed  back  againe,  is  to  be  imputed  unto  the  swift 
current,  as  well  as  to  the  winds,  which  we  had  more  large 
in  our  returne. 

This  munday  the  Generall  came  aboord  the  Hind  to 
have  the  Surgeon  of  the  Hind  to  dresse  his  foote,  which 
he  hurt  by  treading  upon  a  naile :  At  what  time  we 
comforted  ech  other  with  hope  of  hard  successe  to  be  all 
past,  and  of  the  good  to  come.  So  agreeing  to  cary  out 
lights  alwayes  by  night,  that  we  might  keepe  together, 
he  departed  into  his  Frigat,  being  by  no  meanes  to  be 
intreated  to  tarie  in  the  Hind,  which  had  bene  more 
for  his  security.  Immediatly  after  followed  a  sharpe 
storme,  which  we  overpassed  for  that  time.  Praysed 
be   God. 

The  weather  faire,  the  Generall  came  aboord  the  Hind  Our  last  con- 
againe,   to    make    merrie    together   with    the    Captaine,  fi^'^'^<^^  "^^th 
Master,  and  company,  which  was  the  last  meeting,  and  °^^     ^"^^^ 
continued    there    from    morning    untill    night.       During 
which    time    there    passed    sundry    discourses,    touching 
affaires  past,  and  to  come,  lamenting  greatly  the  losse  of 
his  great  ship,  more  of  the  men,  but  most  of  all  of  his 
bookes  and  notes,  and  what  els  I  know  not,  for  which  hee 
was    out  of  measure  grieved,  the    same    doubtles   being 
some  matter  of  more  importance  then  his  bookes,  which 
I    could    not    draw   from    him :     yet    by  circumstance   I 
gathered,  the  same  to  be  ye  Ore  which  Daniel  the  Saxon 
had  brought  unto  him  in  the  New  found  land.     What-  Circumstances 
soever  it  was,  the  remembrance  touched  him  so  deepe,  as  ^o  be  well  ob- 
not  able  to  containe  himselfe,  he  beat  his  boy  in  great  Q^-^gj-^n  y,^ 
rage,  even  at  the  same  time,  so  long  after  the  miscarying  porting  the 
of  the  great  ship,  because  upon  a  faire  day,  when  wee  Ore  to  be  of  a 
were  becalmed  upon  the  coast   of  the  New  found  land,  "^^^^  ^i^^^- 
neere    unto    Cape    Race,    he    sent    his   boy    aboord    the 
Admirall,  to  fetch  certaine  things :   amongst  which,  this 
being  chiefe,  was  yet  forgotten  and  left  behind.     After 
which    time    he    could    never    conveniently   send    againe 

71 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583. 

aboord  the  great  ship,  much  lesse  hee  doubted  her  ruine 
so  neere  at  hand. 

Herein  my  opinion  was  better  confirmed  diversly,  and 
by  sundry  conjectures,  which  maketh  me  have  the  greater 
hope  of  this  rich  Mine.  For  where  as  the  Generall  had 
never  before  good  conceit  of  these  North  parts  of  the 
world :  now  his  mind  was  wholly  fixed  upon  the  New 
found  land.  And  as  before  he  refused  not  to  grant 
assignements  liberally  to  them  that  required  the  same 
into  these  North  parts,  now  he  became  contrarily  affected, 
refusing  to  make  any  so  large  grants,  especially  of 
S.  Johns,  which  certaine  English  merchants  made  suite 
for,  offering  to  imploy  their  money  and  travell  upon  the 
same :  yet  neither  by  their  owne  suite,  nor  of  others  of 
his  owne  company,  whom  he  seemed  willing  to  pleasure, 
it  could  be  obtained. 

Also  laying  downe  his  determination  in  the  Spring 
following,  for  disposing  of  his  voyage  then  to  be  re- 
attempted  :  he  assigned  the  Captaine  &  Master  of  the 
Golden  Hind,  unto  the  South  discovery,  and  reserved 
unto  himselfe  the  North,  affirming  that  this  voyage  had 
wonne  his  heart  from  the  South,  and  that  he  was  now 
become  a  Northerne  man  altogether. 
[III.  159.]  Last,  being  demanded  what  means  he  had  at  his 
arrivall  in  England,  to  compasse  the  charges  of  so  great 
preparation  as  he  intended  to  make  the  next  Spring : 
having  determined  upon  two  fleetes,  one  for  the  South, 
another  for  the  North  :  Leave  that  to  mee  (hee  replied) 
I  will  aske  a  pennie  of  no  man.  I  will  bring  good 
tidings  unto  her  Majesty,  who  wil  be  so  gracious,  to  lend 
me  1 0000  pounds,  willing  us  therefore  to  be  of  good 
cheere :  for  he  did  thanke  God  (he  sayd)  with  al  his  heart, 
for  that  he  had  seene,  the  same  being  enough  for  us 
all,  and  that  we  needed  not  to  seeke  any  further.  And 
these  last  words  he  would  often  repeate,  with  demonstra- 
tion of  great  fervencie  of  mind,  being  himselfe  very 
confident,  and  setled  in  beliefe  of  inestimable  good  by  this 
voyage :     which    the    greater    number    of    his    followers 

72 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  a.d. 

1583. 
nevertheles  mistrusted  altogether,  not  being  made  par- 
takers of  those  secrets,  which  the  Generall  kept  unto 
himselfe.  Yet  all  of  them  that  are  living,  may  be 
witnesses  of  his  words  and  protestations,  which  sparingly 
I  have  delivered. 

Leaving  the  issue  of  this  good  hope  unto  God,  who 
knoweth  the  trueth  only,  &  can  at  his  good  pleasure 
bring  the  same  to  light :  I  will  hasten  to  the  end  of  this  Wilfalnes  hi 
tragedie,  which  must  be  knit  up  in  the  person  of  our  ^^  Generall. 
Generall.  And  as  it  was  Gods  ordinance  upon  him,  even 
so  the  vehement  perswasion  and  intreatie  of  his  friends 
could  nothing  availe,  to  divert  him  from  a  wilfull  resolu- 
tion of  going  through  in  his  Frigat,  which  was  overcharged 
upon  their  deckes,  with  fights,  nettings,  and  small 
artillerie,  too  cumbersome  for  so  small  a  boate,  that 
was  to  passe  through  the  Ocean  sea  at  that  season  of 
the  yere,  when  by  course  we  might  expect  much  storme 
of  foule  weather,  whereof  indeed  we  had  enough. 

But  when  he  was  intreated  by  the  Captaine,  Master,  ^  ^"^^n  of  a 
and  other  his  well  willers  of  the  Hinde,  not  to  venture  in  ^  ^  ' 
the  Frigat,  this  was  his  answere :  I  will  not  forsake  my 
little  company  going  homeward,  with  whom  T  have  passed 
so  many  stormes  and  perils.  And  in  very  trueth,  hee 
was  urged  to  be  so  over  hard,  by  hard  reports  given  of 
him,  that  he  was  afraid  of  the  sea,  albeit  this  was  rather 
rashnes,  then  advised  resolution,  to  preferre  the  wind 
of  a  vaine  report  to  the  weight  of  his  owne  life. 

Seeing  he  would  not  bend  to  reason,  he  had  provision 
out  of  the  Hinde,  such  as  was  wanting  aboord  his  Frigat. 
And  so  we  committed  him  to  Gods  protection,  &  set  him 
aboord  his  Pinnesse,  we  being  more  then  300  leagues 
onward  of  our  way  home. 

By  that  time  we  had  brought  the  Islands  of  A9ores 
South  of  us,  yet  wee  then  keeping  much  to  the  North, 
until  we  had  got  into  the  height  and  elevation  of 
England :  we  met  with  very  foule  weather,  and  terrible 
seas,  breaking  short  and  high  Pyramid  wise.  The  reason 
whereof  seemed  to  proceede  either  of  hilly  grounds  high 

73 


A.D. 
1583. 


A  resolute  and 
Christianllke 
saying  in  a 
distresse 


Sir  Humfrey 

Gilbert 

drowned. 


Arrival!  i?i 
England  of 
the  Golden 
Hinde. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

and  low  within  the  sea,  (as  we  see  hilles  and  dales  upon 
the  land)  upon  which  the  seas  doe  mount  and  fall :  or 
else  the  cause  proceedeth  of  diversitie  of  winds,  shifting 
often  in  sundry  points :  al  which  having  power  to  move 
the  great  Ocean,  which  againe  is  not  presently  setled, 
so  many  seas  do  encounter  together,  as  there  had  bene 
diversitie  of  windes.  Howsoever  it  commeth  to  passe, 
men  which  all  their  life  time  had  occupied  the  Sea,  never 
saw  more  outragious  Seas.  We  had  also  upon  our  maine 
yard,  an  apparition  of  a  little  fire  by  night,  which  seamen 
doe  call  Castor  and  Pollux.  But  we  had  onely  one,  which 
they  take  an  evill  signe  of  more  tempest :  the  same  is 
usuall  in  stormes. 

Munday  the  ninth  of  September,  in  the  afternoone, 
the  Frigat  was  neere  cast  away,  oppressed  by  waves,  yet  at 
that  time  recovered  :  and  giving  foorth  signes  of  joy,  the 
Generall  sitting  abaft  with  a  booke  in  his  hand,  cried  out 
unto  us  in  the  Hind  (so  oft  as  we  did  approch  within 
hearing)  We  are  as  neere  to  heaven  by  sea  as  by  land. 
Reiterating  the  same  speech,  well  beseeming  a  souldier, 
resolute  in  Jesus  Christ,  as  I  can  testifie  he  was. 

The  same  Monday  night,  about  twelve  of  the  clocke,  or 
not  long  after,  the  Frigat  being  ahead  of  us  in  the  Golden 
Hinde,  suddenly  her  lights  were  out,  whereof  as  it  were 
in  a  moment,  we  lost  the  sight,  and  withall  our  watch 
cryed,  the  Generall  was  cast  away,  which  was  too  true. 
For  in  that  moment,  the  Frigat  was  devoured  and 
swallowed  up  of  the  Sea.  Yet  still  we  looked  out  all 
that  night,  and  ever  after,  untill  wee  arrived  upon  the 
coast  of  England :  Omitting  no  small  saile  at  sea,  unto 
which  we  gave  not  the  tokens  betweene  us,  agreed  upon, 
to  have  perfect  knowledge  of  each  other,  if  we  should 
at  any  time  be  separated. 

In  great  torment  of  weather,  and  perill  of  drowning,  it 
pleased  God  to  send  safe  home  the  Golden  Hinde,  which 
arrived  in  Falmouth,  the  22  day  of  September,  being 
Sonday,  not  without  as  great  danger  escaped  in  a  flaw, 
comming  from  the  Southeast,  with  such  thicke  mist,  that 

74 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  ad. 

1583. 
we    could    not   discerne  land,   to   put  in  right  with   the 
Haven. 

From  Falmouth  we  went  to  Dartmouth,  &  lay  there  at 
anker  before  the  Range,  while  the  captaine  went  aland, 
to  enquire  if  there  had  bene  any  newes  of  the  Frigat, 
which  sayling  well,  might  happily  have  bene  before  us. 
Also  to  certifie  Sir  John  Gilbert,  brother  unto  the 
Generall  of  our  hard  successe,  whom  the  Captaine  desired  [HI-  160.] 
(while  his  men  were  yet  aboord  him,  and  were  witnesses  ^fi^J^o^^°^of 

^  r     ^\  -1  N     T  •    1  1  ,  .        the  Laptatn 

or  all  occurrents  m  that  voyage,)  It  might  please  him  unto  sir  Hum- 
to  take  the  examination  of  every  person  particularly,  in  frey  Gilbert. 
discharge  of  his  and  their  faithfull  endevour.  Sir  John 
Gilbert  refused  so  to  doe,  holding  himselfe  satisfied  with 
report  made  by  the  Captaine :  and  not  altogether  dis- 
pairing  of  his  brothers  safetie,  offered  friendship  and 
curtesie  to  the  Captaine  and  his  company,  requiring  to 
have  his  Barke  brought  into  the  harbour :  in  furtherance 
whereof,  a  boate  was  sent  to  helpe  to  tow  her  in. 

Neverthelesse,  when  the  Captaine  returned  aboord  his 
ship,  he  found  his  men  bent  to  depart,  every  man  to  his 
home :  and  then  the  winde  serving  to  proceede  higher 
upon  the  coast :  they  demanded  money  to  carie  them 
home,  some  to  London,  others  to  Harwich,  and  else- 
where, (if  the  barke  should  be  caried  into  Dartmouth,  and 
they  discharged,  so  farre  from  home)  or  else  to  take 
benefite  of  the  wind,  then  serving  to  draw  neerer  home, 
which  should  be  a  lesse  charge  unto  the  Captaine,  and 
great  ease  unto  the  men,  having  els  farre  to  goe. 

Reason  accompanied  with  necessitie  perswaded  the 
Captaine,  who  sent  his  lawfull  excuse  and  cause  of  his 
sudden  departure  unto  sir  John  Gilbert,  by  the  boate  of 
Dartmouth,  and  from  thence  the  Golden  Hind  departed, 
and  tooke  harbour  at  Waimouth.  Al  the  men  tired  with 
the  tediousnes  of  so  unprofitable  a  voiage  to  their  seem- 
ing: in  which  their  long  expence  of  time,  much  toyle  and  Anillrecom- 
labour,  hard  diet  and  continuall  ^20.2x6,  of  life  was  un-  P^^^^- 
recompensed :  their  Captaine  neverthelesse  by  his  great 
charges,  impaired  greatly  thereby,  yet  comforted  in  the 

75 


A.D. 
1583- 


Constancie  in 
sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert. 


His  temeritie 
and  presump- 
tion. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

goodnes  of  God,  and  his  undoubted  providence  following 
him  in  all  that  voyage,  as  it  doth  alwaies  those  at  other 
times,  whosoever  have  confidence  in  him  alone.  Yet 
have  we  more  neere  feeling  and  perseverance  of  his 
powerfull  hand  and  protection,  when  God  doth  bring 
us  together  with  others  into  one  same  peril,  in  which 
he  leaveth  them,  and  delivereth  us,  making  us  thereby 
the  beholders,  but  not  partakers  of  their  ruine. 

Even  so,  amongst  very  many  difficulties,  discontent- 
ments, mutinies,  conspiracies,  sicknesses,  mortalitie, 
spoylings,  and  wracks  by  sea,  which  were  afflictions, 
more  then  in  so  small  a  Fleete,  or  so  short  a  time  may 
be  supposed,  albeit  true  in  every  particularitie,  as  partly 
by  the  former  relation  may  be  collected,  and  some  I  sup- 
pressed with  silence  for  their  sakes  living,  it  pleased  God 
to  support  this  company,  (of  which  onely  one  man  died 
of  a  maladie  inveterate,  and  long  infested)  :  the  rest  kept 
together  in  reasonable  contentment  and  concord,  begin- 
ning, continuing,  and  ending  the  voyage,  which  none  els 
did  accomplish,  either  not  pleased  with  the  action,  or 
impatient  of  wants,  or  prevented  by  death. 

Thus  have  I  delivered  the  contents  of  the  enterprise 
and  last  action  of  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  knight,  faithfully, 
for  so  much  as  I  thought  meete  to  be  published :  wherein 
may  alwaies  appeare,  (though  he  be  extinguished)  some 
sparkes  of  his  vertues,  he  remaining  firme  and  resolute 
in  a  purpose  by  all  pretence  honest  and  godly,  as  was 
this,  to  discover,  possesse,  and  to  reduce  unto  the  service 
of  God,  and  Christian  pietie,  those  remote  and  heathen 
Countreys  of  America,  not  actually  possessed  by  Chris- 
tians, and  most  rightly  appertaining  unto  the  Crowne  of 
England :  unto  the  which,  as  his  zeale  deserveth  high 
commendation:  even  so,  he  may  justly  be  taxed  of 
temeritie  and  presumption  (rather)  in  two  respects. 

First,  when  yet  there  was  onely  probabilitie,  not  a 
certaine  &  determinate  place  of  habitation  selected,  neither 
any  demonstration  of  commoditie  there  in  esse,  to  induce 
his  followers :   nevertheles,  he  both  was  too  prodigall  of 

76 


SIR   HUMPHREY   GILBERT  a.d. 

1583- 
his  owne  patrimony,  and  too  careles  of  other  mens 
expences,  to  imploy  both  his  and  their  substance  upon 
a  ground  imagined  good.  The  which  falhng,  very  like 
his  associates  were  promised,  and  made  it  their  best 
reckoning  to  bee  salved  some  other  way,  which  pleased 
not  God  to  prosper  in  his  first  and  great  preparation. 

Secondly,  when  by  his  former  preparation  he  was 
enfeebled  of  abilitie  and  credit,  to  performe  his  designe- 
ments,  as  it  were  impatient  to  abide  in  expectation  better 
opportunitie  and  meanes,  which  God  might  raise,  he 
thrust  himselfe  againe  into  the  action,  for  which  he  was 
not  fit,  presuming  the  cause  pretended  on  Gods  behalfe, 
would  carie  him  to  the  desired  ende.  Into  which,  having 
thus  made  reentrie,  he  could  not  yeeld  againe  to  with- 
draw, though  hee  sawe  no  encouragement  to  proceed,  lest 
his  credite  foyled  in  his  first  attempt,  in  a  second  should 
utterly  be  disgraced.  Betweene  extremities,  hee  made  a 
right  adventure,  putting  all  to  God  and  good  fortune,  and 
which  was  worst,  refused  not  to  entertaine  every  person 
and  meanes  whatsoever,  to  furnish  out  this  expedition, 
the  successe  whereof  hath  bene  declared. 

But  such   is   the  infinite    bountie   of  God,  who   from  Afflictwns^ 
every  evill  deriveth  good.     For  besides  that  fruite  may  ^^^f/jf^^^  "^J^c 
growe  in  time  of  our  travelling   into   those    Northwest  q^^ 
lands,  the  crosses,  turmoiles,  and  afflictions,  both  in  the 
preparation  and  execution  of  this  voyage,  did  correct  the 
intemperate   humors,  which   before  we  noted   to  bee  in  [III.  161.] 
this  Gentleman,  and  made  unsavorie,  and  lesse  delightfull 
his  other  manifold  vertues. 

Then  as  he  was  refined,  and  made  neerer  drawing  unto 
the  image  of  God :  so  it  pleased  the  divine  will  to  resume 
him  unto  himselfe,  whither  both  his,  and  every  other 
high  and  noble  minde,  have  alwayes  aspired. 


[Ornatissimo  viro, 
77 


A.D. 
1583. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 


Dominus  Ra- 
legh. 


Insula  Pen- 
guin. 


Ornatissimo  viro,  Magistro  Richardo  Hakluyto 
Oxonii  in  Collegio  sdis  Christi,  Artium  & 
Philosophias  Magistro,   amico,  &  fratri  suo. 

Non  statueram  ad  te  scribere,  cum  in 
mentem  veniret  promissum  literarum 
tuarum.  Putabas  te  superiore  jam  Junio 
nos  subsecuturum.  Itaque  de  meo  statu 
ex  doctore  Humfredo  certiorem  te  fieri 
jusseram.  Verum  sic  tibi  non  esset 
satisfactum.  Itaque  scribam  ad  te 
iisdem  fere  verbis,  quia  nova  meditari  &  cTvvovvjxiCe.Lv 
mihi  hoc  tempore  non  vacat.  Undecimo  Junii  ex 
Anglia  revera  tandem  &  serio  solvimus,  portu  &  terra 
apud  Plemuthum  simul  relictis.  Classis  quinque  navibus 
constabat :  maxima,  quam*  frater  Amiralii  accommoda- 
verat,  ignotum  quo  consilio,  statim  tertio  die  a  nobis 
se  subduxit.  Reliqui  perpetuo  conjunctim  navigavimus 
ad  23.  Julii,  quo  tempore  magnis  nebulis  intercepto 
aspectu  alii  aliam  viam  tenuimus :  nobis  seorsim  prima 
terra  apparuit  ad  Calendas  Augusti,  ad  gradum  circiter 
50.  cum  ultra  41.  paucis  ante  diebus  descendissemus  spe 
Australium  ventorum,  qui  tamen  nobis  suo  tempore 
nunquam  spiravere.  Insula  est  ea,  quam  vestri  Penguin 
vocant,  ab  avium  ejusdem  nominis  multitudine.  Nos 
tamen  nee  aves  vidimus,  nee  insulam  accessimus,  ventis 
alio  vocantibus.  Casterum  convenimus  omnes  in  eundem 
locum  paulo  ante  portum  in  quem  communi  consilio 
omnibus  veniendum  erat,  idqde  intra  duas  horas,  magna 
Dei  benignitate  &  nostro  gaudio.  Locus  situs  est  in 
Newfoundlandia,  inter  47.  &  48.  gradum,  Divum  Joan- 
nem  vocant.  Ipse  Admiralius  propter  multitudinem 
hominum  &  angustiam  navis  paul6  afflictiorem  comitatum 
habuit,  &  jam  duos  dysentericis  doloribus  amisit :  de 
caeteris  bona  spes  est.  Ex  nostris  (nam  ego  me  Mauricio 
Browno  vere  generoso  juveni  me  conjunxeram)  duo  etiam 
casu    quodam     submersi    sunt.     Caeteri    salvi    &    longe 

78 


LETTER  FROM   PARMENIUS  a.d. 

1583. 
firmiores.     Ego  nunquam  sanior.     In  hunc  locum  tertio 
August!  appulimus :    quinto   autem  ipse  Admiralius  has 
regiones   in   suam   &    regni   Angliae  possessionem   potes- 
tatemque  vendicavit,  latis  quibusdam  legibus  de  religione 
&    obsequio    Reginae    Anglic.     Reficimur   hoc    tempore 
paulo  hilarius  &  lautius.     Certe  enim  &  qualibus  ventis 
usi    simus,    &    quam    fessi    esse    potuerimus    tam    longi 
temporis  ratio  docuerit,  proinde  nihil  nobis  deerit.     Nam 
extra  Anglos,  20  circiter  naves  Lusitanicas  &  Hispanicas 
nacti  in  hoc  loco  sumus :  eas  nobis  impares  non  patientur 
nos    esurire.      Angli    etsi    satis    firmi,    &    a    nobis    tuti, 
authoritate  regii  diplomatis  omni  obsequio  &  humanitate 
prosequuntur.     Nunc    narrandi    erant    mores,    regiones, 
&  populi.     Caeterum  quid  narrem  mi  Hakluyte,  quando 
praeter    solitudinem    nihil    video  ?     Piscium    inexhausta 
copia :     inde  hue   commeantibus  magnus  quaestus.     Vix 
hamus  fundum  attigit,  illico  insigni  aliquo  onustus  est. 
Terra  universa  *  montana  &  sylvestris  :  arbores  ut  pluri-  In  the  south 
mum    pinus :      eae    partim     consenu^re,     partim     nunc  "J^^  j/^^j'^ 
adolescunt :  magna  pars  vetustate   collapsa,   &  aspectum    "^"^.^  iTstore 
terras,  &  iter  euntium  ita  impedit,  ut  nusquam  progredi  ofplalne  and 
liceat.      Herbae    omnes    procerae :     sed    raro    a    nostris  champion 
diversas.     Natura  videtur  velle  niti  etiam  ad  generandum   ^^J^^^^rey,  as 
frumentum.     Inveni  enim  gramina,  &  spicas  in  similitu-  Qi^rke  found 
dinem    secales :     &    facile    cultura    &    satione    in    usum 
humanum  assuefieri  posse  videntur.     Rubi  in  sylvis  vel 
potiiis  fraga  arborescentia   magna   suavitate.     Ursi   circa 
tuguria  nonnunquam  apparent,  &  conficiuntur :  sed  albi 
sunt,  ut  mihi    ex    pellibus    conjicere   licuit,    &    minores 
quam    nostri.     Populus    an    uUus    sit    in    hac    regione 
incertum  est :    Nee  uUum   vidi    qui    testari   posset.     Et 
quis  quaeso  posset,  cum  ad  longum  progredi  non  liceat  } 
Nee  minus  ignotum  est  an  aliquid  metalli  sub  sit  monti- 
bus.      Causa    eadem    est,    etsi    aspectus    eorum    mineras 
latentes  prae  se  ferat.     Nos  Admiralio  authores   fuimus 
sylvas  incendere,  quo  ad  inspiciendam  regionem  spacium 
pateret :   nee  displicebat  illi   consilium,    si   non   magnum 
incommodum    allaturum    videretur.      Confirmatum    est 

79 


sunne  in 
summer. 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

enim  ab  idoneis  hominibus,  cum   casu   quopiam  in  alia 
nescio  qua  statione  id  accidisset,  septennium  totum  pisces 

The  great     ^lon  comparuisse,  ex  acerbata  maris  unda  ex  terebynthina, 

heateojthe  ^^  conflagrantibus  arboribus  per  rivulos  defluebat. 
Coelum  hoc  anm  tempore  ita  tervidum  est,  ut  nisi 
pisces,  qui  arefiunt  ad  solem,  assidui  invertantur,  ab 
adustione  defendi  non  possint.  Hyeme  quam  frigidum 
sit,  magn^  moles  glaciei  in  medio  mari  nos  docuere. 
Relatum  est  a  comitibus  mense  Maio  sexdecim  totos 
dies  interdum  se  inter  tantam  glaciem  haesisse,  ut  60. 
orgyas  altae  essent  insulas :  quarum  latera  soli  apposita 
cum  liquescerent,  liberatione  quadam  universam  molem 
ita  inversam,  ut  quod   ante  pronum  erat,   supinum  eva- 

[III.  162.]  deret,  magno  praesentium  discrimine,  ut  consentaneum 
est.  Aer  in  terra  mediocriter  clarus  est :  ad  orientem 
supra  mare  perpetuae  nebulas :  Et  in  ipso  mari  circa 
Bancum  (sic  vocant  locum  ubi  quadraginta  leucis  a  terra 
fundus  attingitur,  &  pisces  capi  incipiunt)  nullus  ferme 
dies  absque  pluvia.  Expeditis  nostris  necessitatibus  in 
hoc  loco,  in  Austrum  (Deo  juvante)  progrediemur, 
tanto  indies  majori  spe,  quo  plura  de  iis  quas  petimus 
regionibus  commemorantur.  Hasc  de  nostris.  Cupio 
de  vobis  scire :  sed  metuo  ne  incassum.  Imprimis 
autem  quomodo  Untonus  meus  absentiam  meam  ferat, 
praeter  modum  intelligere  velim :  Habebit  nostrum 
obsequium  &  officium  paratum,  quandiu  vixerimus. 
Revera  autem  spero,  hanc  nostram  peregrinationem 
ipsius  instituto  usui  futuram.  Nunc  restat,  ut  me 
tuum  putes,  &  quidem  ita  tuum,  ut  neminem  magis. 
Juvet  dei  filius  labores  nostros  eatenus,  ut  tu  quoque 
participare  possis.  Vale  amicissime,  suavissime,  orna- 
tissime  Hakluyte,  &  nos  ama.  In  Newfundlandia  apud 
portum   Sancti  Johannis  6.  Augusti   1583. 

Stephanus  Parmenius. 

Budeius,  tuus. 


80 


LETTER  FROM   PARMENIUS  a.d. 

1583. 

The  same  in  English. 

To  the  worshipfull,  Master  Richard  Hakluit  at 
Oxford  in  Christchurch  Master  of  Arts,  and 
Philosophic,  his  friend  and  brother. 

I  Had  not  purposed  to  write  unto  you,  when  the 
promise  of  your  letters  came  to  my  mind :  You 
thought  in  June  last  to  have  followed  us  your  selfe,  and 
therefore  I  had  left  order  that  you  should  be  advertised 
of  my  state,  by  Master  Doctor  Humfrey :  but  so  you 
would  not  be  satisfied :  I  will  write  therefore  to  you 
almost  in  the  same  words,  because  I  have  no  leasure  at 
this  time,  to  meditate  new  matters,  and  to  vary  or 
multiply  words. 

The  1 1 .  of  June  we  set  saile  at  length  from  England 
in  good  earnest,  and  departed,  leaving  the  haven  and 
land  behind  us  at  Plimmouth :  our  Fleete  consisted  of 
five  shippes :  the  greatest,  which  the  Admirals  brother 
had  lent  us,  withdrew  her  selfe  from  us  the  third  day, 
wee  know  not  upon  what  occasion :  with  the  rest  we 
sailed  still  together  till  the  23.  of  July:  at  which  time 
our  view  of  one  another  being  intercepted  by  the  great 
mists,  some  of  us  sailed  one  way,  and  some  another : 
to  us  alone  the  first  land  appeared,  the  first  of  August, 
about  the  latitude  of  50.  degrees,  when  as  before  we  had 
descended  beyond  41,  degrees  in  hope  of  some  Southerly 
windes,  which  notwithstanding  never  blew  to  us  at  any  fit 
time. 

It  is  an  Island  which  your  men  call  Penguin,  because 
of  the  multitude  of  birdes  of  the  same  name.  Yet  wee 
neither  sawe  any  birds,  nor  drew  neere  to  the  land,  the 
winds  serving  for  our  course  directed  to  another  place, 
but  wee  mette  altogether  at  that  place  a  little  before  the 
Haven,  whereunto  by  common  Councell  we  had  deter- 
mined to  come,  and  that  within  the  space  of  two  houres 
by  the  great  goodnesse  of  God,  and  to  our  great  joy. 
The  place  is  situate  in  Newfound  land,  betweene  47.  and 

VIII  81  F 


AD.  THE  ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1583. 

48.  degrees,  called  by  the  name  of  Saint  Johns:  the 
Admirall  himselfe  by  reason  of  the  multitude  of  the  men, 
and  the  smalnesse  of  his  ship,  had  his  company  somewhat 
sickly,  and  had  already  lost  two  of  the  same  company, 
which  died  of  the  Flixe :  of  the  rest  we  conceive  good 
hope.  Of  our  company  (for  I  joyned  my  selfe  with 
Maurice  Browne,  a  very  proper  Gentleman)  two  persons 
by  a  mischance  were  drowned,  the  rest  are  in  safetie,  and 
strong,  and  for  mine  owne  part  I  was  never  more  healthy. 
Wee  arrived  at  this  place  the  third  of  August :  and  the 
fift  the  Admirall  tooke  possession  of  the  Countrey,  for 
himselfe  and  the  kingdome  of  England :  having  made 
and  published  certaine  Lawes,  concerning  religion,  and 
obedience  to  the  Queene  of  England :  at  this  time  our 
fare  is  somewhat  better,  and  daintier,  then  it  was  before : 
for  in  good  sooth,  the  experience  of  so  long  time  hath 
taught  us  what  contrary  winds  wee  have  found,  and  what 
great  travell  wee  may  endure  hereafter :  and  therefore 
wee  will  take  such  order,  that  wee  will  want  nothing :  for 
we  found  in  this  place  about  twenty  Portugall  and 
Spanish  shippes,  besides  the  shippes  of  the  English : 
which  being  not  able  to  match  us,  suffer  us  not  to  bee 
hunger  starved :  the  English  although  they  were  of  them- 
selves strong  ynough,  and  safe  from  our  force,  yet  seeing 
our  authoritie,  by  the  Queenes  letters  patents,  they 
shewed  us  all  maner  of  duety  and  humanitie. 

The  maner  of  this  Countrey  and  people  remaine  now 
to  be  spoken  of.  But  what  shall  I  say,  my  good  Hak- 
luyt,  when  I  see  nothing  but  a  very  wildernesses'  Of 
fish  here  is  incredible  abundance,  whereby  great  gaine 
growes  to  them,  that  travell  to  these  parts :  the  hooke  is 
no  sooner  throwne  out,  but  it  is  eftsoones  drawne  up 
with  some  goodly  fish  :  the  whole  land  is  full  of  hilles 
[III.  163.]  and  woods.  The  trees  for  the  most  part  are  Pynes  and 
of  them  some  are  very  olde,  and  some  yong :  a  great  part 
of  them  being  fallen  by  reason  of  their  age,  doth  so  hinder 
the  sight  of  the  land,  and  stoppe  the  way  of  those  that 
seeke  to  travell,  that  they  can  goe   no  whither :  all  the 

82 


LETTER  FROM   PARMENIUS  a.d. 

1583. 
grasse  here  is  long,  and  tall,  and  little  difFereth  from  ours. 
It  seemeth  also  that  the  nature  of  this  soyle  is  fit  for 
corne :  for  I  found  certaine  blades  and  eares  in  a  manner 
bearded,  so  that  it  appeareth  that  by  manuring  and  sowing, 
they  may  easily  be  framed  for  the  use  of  man :  here  are 
in  the  woodes  bush  berries,  or  rather  straw  berries  grow- 
ing up  like  trees,  of  great  sweetnesse.  Beares  also  appeare 
about  the  fishers  stages  of  the  Countrey,  and  are  some- 
times killed,  but  they  seeme  to  bee  white,  as  I  conjectured 
by  their  skinnes,  and  somewhat  lesse  then  ours.  Whether 
there  bee  any  people  in  the  Countrey  I  knowe  not, 
neither  have  I  scene  any  to  witnesse  it.  And  to  say 
trueth,  who  can,  when  as  it  is  not  possible  to  passe  any 
whither  ?  In  like  sort  it  is  unknowne,  whither  any  mettals 
lye  under  the  hilles :  the  cause  is  all  one,  although  the 
very  colour  and  hue  of  the  hilles  seeme  to  have  some 
Mynes  in  them :  we  mooved  the  Admirall  to  set  the 
woods  a  fire,  that  so  wee  might  have  space,  and  entrance 
to  take  view  of  the  Countrey,  which  motion  did  nothing 
displease  him,  were  it  not  for  feare  of  great  inconvenience 
that  might  thereof  insue :  for  it  was  reported  and  con- 
firmed by  very  credible  persons,  that  when  the  like 
happened  by  chance  in  another  Port,  the  fish  never  came 
to  the  place  about  it,  for  the  space  of  7.  whole  yeeres 
after,  by  reason  of  the  waters  made  bitter  by  the  Turpen- 
tine, and  Rosen  of  the  trees,  which  ranne  into  the  rivers 
upon  the  firing  of  them.  The  weather  is  so  hote  this 
time  of  the  yeere,  that  except  the  very  fish,  which  is  layd 
out  to  be  dryed  by  the  sunne,  be  every  day  turned,  it 
cannot  possibly  bee  preserved  from  burning:  but  how 
cold  it  is  in  the  winter,  the  great  heapes,  and  mountaines 
of  yce,  in  the  middest  of  the  Sea  have  taught  us :  some  of 
our  company  report,  that  in  May,  they  were  sometimes 
kept  in,  with  such  huge  yce,  for  1 6.  whole  dayes  together, 
as  that  the  Islands  thereof  were  threescore  fathoms  thicke, 
the  sides  wherof  which  were  toward  the  Sunne,  when  they 
were  melted,  the  whole  masse  or  heape  was  so  inverted 
and  turned  in  maner  of  balancing,  that  that  part  which 

83 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

was  before  downeward  rose  upward,  to  the  great  perill  of 
those  that  are  neere  them,  as  by  reason  wee  may  gather. 
The  ayre  upon  land  is  indifferent  cleare,  but  at  Sea 
towards  the  East  there  is  nothing  els  but  perpetuall  mists, 
and  in  the  Sea  it  selfe,  about  the  Banke  (for  so  they  call 
the  place  where  they  find  ground  fourty  leagues  distant 
from  the  shore,  and  where  they  beginne  to  fish)  there  is 
no  day  without  raine.  When  we  have  served,  and 
supplied  our  necessitie  in  this  place,  we  purpose  by  the 
helpe  of  God  to  passe  towards  the  South,  with  so  much 
the  more  hope  every  day,  by  how  much  the  greater  the 
things  are,  that  are  reported  of  those  Countreys,  which 
we  go  to  discover.     Thus  much  touching  our  estate. 

Now  I  desire  to  know  somewhat  concerning  you,  but  I 
feare  in  vaine,  but  specially  I  desire  out  of  measure  to 
know  how  my  Patrone  master  Henry  Umpton  doth  take 
my  absence  :  my  obedience,  and  duetie  shall  alwayes  bee 
ready  toward  him  as  long  as  I  live :  but  in  deede  I  hope, 
that  this  journey  of  ours  shalbe  profitable  to  his  inten- 
tions. It  remaineth  that  you  thinke  me  to  be  still  yours, 
and  so  yours  as  no  mans  more.  The  sonne  of  God  blesse 
all  our  labors,  so  farre,  as  that  you  your  selfe  may  be 
partaker  of  our  blessing.  Adieu,  my  most  friendly,  most 
sweete,  most  vertuous  Hakluyt :  In  Newfound  land,  at 
Saint  Johns  Port,  the  6.  of  August.   1583. 

STEVEN     PARMENIUS    of 

Buda,  yours. 


84 


RICHARD   CLARKE 

A  relation  of  Richard  Clarke  of  Weymouth,  master 
of  the  ship  called  the  Delight,  going  for  the 
discovery  of  Norembega,  with  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert  1583.  Written  in  excuse  of  that  fault 
of  casting  away  the  ship  and  men,  imputed  to 
his  oversight. 

Eparting  out  of  Saint  Johns  Harborough 
in  the  Newfound  land  the  20.  of  August 
unto  Cape  Raz,  from  thence  we  directed 
our  course  unto  the  He  of  Sablon  or  the 
Isle  of  Sand,  which  the  Generall  Sir 
Humfrey  Gilbert  would  willingly  have 
seene.  But  when  we  came  within 
twentie  leagues  of  the  Isle  of  Sablon,  we  fell  to  contro- 
versie  of  our  course.  The  Generall  came  up  in  his 
Frigot  and  demanded  of  mee  Richard  Clarke  master  of 
the  Admirall  what  course  was  best  to  keepe :  I  said 
that  Westsouthwest  was  best:  because  the  wind  was 
at  South  and  night  at  hand  and  unknowen  sands  lay 
off  a  great  way  from  the  land.  The  Generall  com- 
manded me  to  go  Westnorthwest.  I  told  him  againe 
that  the  Isle  of  Sablon  was  Westnorthwest  and  but  15. 
leagues  off,  and  that  he  should  be  upon  the  Island  before 
day,  if  hee  went  that  course.  The  Generall  sayd,  my 
reckoning  was  untrue,  and  charged  me  in  her  Majesties 
name,  and  as  I  would  shewe  my  selfe  in  her  Countrey, 
to  follow  him  that  night.  I  fearing  his  threatnings, 
because  he  presented  her  Majesties  person,  did  follow 
his  commaundement,  and  about  seven  of  the  clocke  in 
the  morning  the  ship  stroke  on  ground,  where  shee 
was  cast  away.  Then  the  Generall  went  off  to  Sea,  the 
course  that  I  would  have  had  them  gone  before,  and 
saw  the  ship  cast  away  men  and  all,  and  was  not  able 
to  save  a  man,  for  there  was  not  water  upon  the  sand 
for  either  of  them  much  lesse  for  the  Admirall,  that 
drew    fourteene   foote.      Now   as   God   would   the   day 

85 


A.D. 
1583. 


20.  Leagues 
from  the  Isle 
of  Gabion. 


[III.  164.] 
1 5.  Leagues 
from  the  Isle 
of  Gabion. 
Herein  Clarke 
uniruely 
chargeth  sir 
Humfrey 
Gilbert. 
The  ship  cast 
away  on 
Thursday 
being  the  29 
of  August 
1583. 


A.D. 

1583- 


Sixteene  gate 
into  the  ship- 
boate. 


Master  Hed- 

lyes  ungodly 
proposition. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

before  it  was  very  calme,  and  a  Souldier  of  the  ship  had 
killed  some  foule  with  his  piece,  and  some  of  the  com- 
pany desired  me  that  they  might  hoyse  out  the  boat 
to  recover  the  foule,  which  I  granted  them  :  and  when 
they  came  aboord  they  did  not  hoyse  it  in  againe  that 
night.  And  when  the  ship  was  cast  away  the  boate  was 
a  Sterne  being  in  burthen  one  tunne  and  an  halfe  :  there 
was  left  in  the  boate  one  oare  and  nothing  els.  Some 
of  the  company  could  swimme,  and  recovered  the  boate 
and  did  hale  in  out  of  the  water  as  many  men  as  they 
coulde  :  among  the  rest  they  had  a  care  to  watch  for 
the  Captaine  or  the  Master  :  They  happened  on  my  selfe 
being  the  master,  but  could  never  see  the  Captaine  : 
Then  they  hailed  into  the  boate  as  many  men  as  they 
could  in  number  16.  whose  names  hereafter  I  will  re- 
hearse. And  when  the  16.  were  in  the  boate,  some  had 
small  remembrance,  and  some  had  none  :  for  they  did 
not  make  account  to  live,  but  to  prolong  their  lives  as 
long  as  it  pleased  God,  and  looked  every  moment  of 
an  houre  when  the  Sea  would  eate  them  up,  the  boate 
being  so  little  and  so  many  men  in  her,  and  so  foule 
weather,  that  it  was  not  possible  for  a  shippe  to  brooke 
halfe  a  coarse  of  sayle.  Thus  while  wee  remayned  two 
dayes  and  two  nights,  and  that  wee  saw  it  pleased  God 
our  boate  lived  in  the  Sea  (although  we  had  nothing 
to  helpe  us  withall  but  one  oare,  which  we  kept  up  the 
boate  withall  upon  the  Sea,  and  so  went  even  as  the  Sea 
would  drive  us)  there  was  in  our  company  one  master 
Hedly  that  put  foorth  this  question  to  me  the  Master. 
I  doe  see  that  it  doth  please  God,  that  our  boate  lyveth  in 
the  Sea,  and  it  may  please  God  that  some  of  us  may 
come  to  the  land  if  our  boate  were  not  overladen.  Let 
us  make  sixteene  lots,  and  those  foure  that  have  the 
foure  shortest  lots  we  will  cast  overboord  preserving  the 
Master  among  us  all.  I  replied  unto  him,  saying,  no, 
we  will  live  and  die  together.  Master  Hedly  asked  me 
if  my  remembrance  were  good  :  I  answered  I  gave  God 
prayse  it  was  good,  and  knewe  how  farre  I  was  off  the 

86 


RICHARD   CLARKE  ad. 

1583. 
land,  and  was  in  hope  to  come  to  the  lande  within  two 
or  three  dayes,  and  sayde  they  were  but  threescore 
leagues  from  the  lande,  (when  they  were  seventie)  all  to 
put  them  in  comfort.  Thus  we  continued  the  third  and 
fourth  day  without  any  sustenance,  save  onely  the  weedes 
that  swamme  in  the  Sea,  and  salt  water  to  drinke.  The 
fifth  day  Hedly  dyed  and  another  moreover  :  then  wee 
desired  all  to  die  :  for  in  all  these  five  dayes  and  five 
nights  we  saw  the  Sunne  but  once  and  the  Starre  but 
one  night,  it  was  so  foule  weather.  Thus  we  did  remaine 
the  sixt  day  :  then  we  were  very  weake  and  wished  all 
to  die  saving  onely  my  selfe  which  did  comfort  them 
and  promised  they  should  come  soone  to  land  by  the 
helpe  of  God  :  but  the  company  were  very  importunate, 
and  were  in  doubt  they  should  never  come  to  land, 
but  that  I  promised  them  the  seventh  day  they  should 
come  to  shore,  or  els  they  should  cast  me  over  boord  : 
which  did  happen  true  the  seventh  day,  for  at  eleven 
of  the  clocke  wee  had  sight  of  the  land,  and  at  3 .  of  They  came  on 
the  clocke  at  afternoone  we  came  on  land.  All  these  ^^"d  the  j  day 
seven  dayes  and  seven  nights,  the  wind  kept  continually  ^^i^J  T 
South.  If  the  wind  had  in  the  meane  time  shifted  upon 
any  other  point,  wee  had  never  come  to  land  :  we  were 
no  sooner  come  to  the  land,  but  the  wind  came  cleane 
contrary  at  North  within  halfe  an  houre  after  our  arrivall. 
But  we  were  so  weake  that  one  could  scarcely  helpe 
another  of  us  out  of  the  boate,  yet  with  much  adoe  being 
come  all  on  shore  we  kneeled  downe  upon  our  knees 
and  gave  God  praise  that  he  had  dealt  so  mercifully 
with  us.  Afterwards  those  which  were  strongest  holpe 
their  fellowes  unto  a  fresh  brooke,  where  we  satisfied 
our  selves  with  water  and  berries  very  well.  There  The  fmitful- 
were  of  al  sorts  of  berries  plentie,  &  as  goodly  a  Coun-  '^^"^,  ^'^^  ^ 

.  T  rj  c  •  y   •         south  part  of 

trey   as    ever    1    saw  :    we    round    a    very    raire    plame  jsfewfomd 
Champion  ground  that  a  man  might  see  very  farre  every  land. 
way  :  by  the  Sea  side  was  here  and  there  a  little  wood 
with  goodly  trees  as  good  as  ever  I  saw  any  in  Norway, 
able  to  mast   any    shippe,    of  pyne   trees,    spruse  trees, 

87 


A.D. 

1583. 


[HI.  165.] 


Foureteene  of 
our  men 
brought  out  of 
Newfound 
land  in  a  ship 
of  Si.  Johv  dc 
Luz. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

firre,  and  very  great  birch  trees.  Where  we  came  on 
land  we  made  a  little  house  with  boughes,  where  we 
rested  all  that  night.  In  the  morning  I  devided  the 
company  three  and  three  to  goe  every  way  to  see  what 
foode  they  could  find  to  sustaine  themselves,  and  ap- 
pointed them  to  meete  there  all  againe  at  noone  with 
such  foode  as  they  could  get.  As  we  went  aboord  we 
found  great  store  of  peason  as  good  as  any  wee  have 
in  England  :  a  man  would  thinke  they  had  bene  sowed 
there.  We  rested  there  three  dayes  and  three  nights  and 
lived  very  well  with  pease  and  berries,  wee  named  the 
place  Saint  Laurence,  because  it  was  a  very  goodly  river 
like  the  river  of  S.  Laurence  in  Canada,  and  we  found 
it  very  full  of  Salmons.  When  wee  had  well  rested  our 
selves  wee  rowed  our  boate  along  the  shore,  thinking 
to  have  gone  to  the  Grande  Bay  to  have  come  home 
with  some  Spanyards  which  are  yeerely  there  to  kill 
the  Whale  :  And  when  we  were  hungry  or  a  thirst  we 
put  our  boate  on  land  and  gathered  pease  and  berries. 
Thus  wee  rowed  our  boate  along  the  shore  five  dayes  : 
about  which  time  we  came  to  a  very  goodly  river  that 
ranne  farre  up  into  the  Countrey  and  saw  very  goodly 
growen  trees  of  all  sortes.  There  we  happened  upon  a 
ship  of  Saint  John  de  Luz,  which  ship  brought  us  into 
Biskay  to  an  Harborough  called  The  Passage.  The 
Master  of  the  shippe  was  our  great  friend,  or  else  we 
had  bene  put  to  death  if  he  had  not  kept  our  counsayle. 
For  when  the  visitors  came  aboord,  as  it  is  the  order 
in  Spaine,  they  demaunding  what  we  were,  he  sayd  we 
were  poore  fishermen  that  had  cast  away  our  ship  in 
Newfound  land,  and  so  the  visitors  inquired  no  more 
of  the  matter  at  that  time.  Assoone  as  night  was  come 
he  put  us  on  land  and  bad  us  shift  for  our  selves. 
Then  had  wee  but  tenne  or  twelve  miles  into  France, 
which  we  went  that  night,  and  then  cared  not  for  the 
Spanyard.  And  so  shortly  after  we  came  into  England 
toward  the  end  of  the  year  1583. 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING 


A.D. 
1583. 


A  true  Report  of  the  late  discoveries,  and  pos- 
session taken  in  the  right  of  the  Crowne  of 
England  of  the  Newfound  Lands,  By  that 
valiant  and  worthy  Gentleman,  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert  Knight. 

Wherein  is  also  briefly  set  downe,  her  highnesse 
lawfull  Title  thereunto,  and  the  great  and 
manifold  commodities,  that  are  likely  to 
grow  therby,  to  the  whole  Realme 
in  generall,  and  to   the  Adven- 
turers in  particular  :  Together 
'     with  the  easinesse  and  short- 
nesse  of  the  Voyage. 

Written  by  Sir  George  Peckham  Knight,  the 
chiefe  adventurer,  and  furtherer  of  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilberts  voyage  to  Newfound  Land. 

The  first  Chapter,  wherein  the  Argument  of  the  Booke 

is  contained. 


T  was  my  fortune  (good  Reader)  not  Master  Ed- 
many  dayes  past,  to  meete  with  a  right  "^"^''^  Ha'js. 
honest  and  discreete  Gentleman,  who 
accompanied  that  valiant  and  worthy 
Knight  Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  in  this  last 
journey  for  the  Westerne  discoveries, 
and  is  owner  and  Captaine  of  the  onely 
vessell  which  is  as  yet  returned  from  thence. 

By  him  I  understand  that  Sir  Humfrey  departed  the 
coast  of  England  the  eleventh  of  June  last  past,  with 
five  sayle  of  Shippes,  from  Caushen  bay  neere  Plim- 
mouth,  whereof  one  of  the  best  forsooke  his  company, 
the  thirteenth  day  of  the  same  moneth,  and  returned 
into  England. 

The  other  foure  (through  the  assistance  of  Almighty 
God)  did   arrive  at    Saint   Johns  Haven,  in  Newfound 

89 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 
Sir  Humfrey    land,  the  3.    of  August   last.     Upon   whose  arrivall  all 
Gilbert  did      the  Masters  and  chiefe   Mariners   of  the  English  Fleet, 
Saint  Johns      which   were   in   the   said   Haven   before,   endevoring  to 
Haven  in        fraight  themselves  with  fish,  repaired  unto  Sir  Humfrey, 
Nezvfomd        whom  he  made  acquainted  with  the  effect  of  his  Com- 
land,  the  3.  of  mission  :  which  being  done,  he  promised  to  intreat  them 
Aimo  \K%-\      ^"*^  their  goods  well  and  honourably  as  did  become  her 
Majesties   Lieutenant.      They    did    all    welcome    him   in 
the  best  sort  that  they  could,  and  shewed  him  and  his 
all  such  courtesies  as  the  place  could  affoord  or  yeelde. 
Then  he  went  to  view  the  Countrey,  being  well  accom- 
panied with  most  of  his  Captaines  and  souldiers.     They 
found  the  same  very  temperate,   but  somewhat  warmer 
then  England  at  that  season  of  the  yeere,  replenished  with 
Among  these     Beasts  and  great  store  of  Foule  of  divers  kinds :   And 
there  was        Y\^  of  Sundry  sortes,  both  in  the  salt  water,  and  in  the 
of  a  beast  of    ^^'^sh,  in  SO  great  plentie  as  might  suffice  to  victuall  an 
7  ynches  and    Armie,   and  they  are   very   easily  taken.     What  sundry 
a  halfe  over,     other  commodities  for  this  Realme  right  necessarie,  the 
same  doeth  yeelde,  you  shall  understand  in  this  treatise 
hereafter,  in  place  more  convenient. 

On    Munday  being   the   fift  of  August,   the   Generall 

caused  his  tent  to  be  set  upon  the  side  of  an  hill,  in  the 

viewe  of  all  the  Fleete  of  English  men   and   strangers, 

which  were  in  number  betweene  thirtie  and  fourtie  sayle : 

then  being  accompanied  with  all  his  Captaines,  Masters, 

Gentlemen  and  other  souldiers,  he  caused  all  the  Masters, 

and  principall  Officers  of  the  ships,  aswell  Englishmen  as 

Spanyards,  Portugales,  and  of  other  nations,  to  repayre 

unto  his  tent :  And  then  and  there,  in  the  presence  of  them 

all,  he  did  cause  his  Commission  under  the  great  Scale  of 

,      England  to  bee  openly  and  solemnely  read  unto   them. 

Sir  Humfre'i    whereby  were  granted  unto  him,  his  heires,  and  assignes, 

tooke possession  by  the  Queenes  most  excellent  Majestic,  many  great  and 

of  the  New-     large    royalties,    liberties,    and    priviledges.     The    effect 

found  land  in    ^hgj-eof  being  signified  unto  the  strangers  by  an  Inter- 

Crowne  of      P'"eter,  hee  tooke  possession  of  the  sayde  land  in  the  right 

England.         of  the  Crowne  of  England  by  digging  of  a   Turffe  and 

90 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
receiving  the  same  with  an  Hasell  wand,  delivered  unto 
him,  after  the  maner  of  the  law  and  custome  of  England. 

Then  he  signified  unto  the  company  both  strangers  and 
others,  that  from  thencefoorth,  they  were  to  live  in  that 
land,  as  the  Territories  appertayning  to  the  Crowne  of 
England,  and  to  be  governed  by  such  Lawes  as  by  good 
advise  should  be  set  downe,  which  in  all  points  (so  neere 
as  might  be)  should  be  agreeable  to  the  Lawes  of  Eng- 
land :  And  for  to  put  the  same  in  execution,  presently  he 
ordained  and  established  three  Lawes. 

First,    that    Religion    publiquely   exercised,  should  be  Three  lawes 

such,    and    none  other,    then   is   used  in  the  Church  of  ^f*^  ",  ^„. 
„       '      J  '  there  by  Sir 

England.  _  Hum/rey. 

The  second,  that  if  any  person  should  bee  lawfully  con- 
victed of  any  practise  against  her  Majestie,  her  Crowne 
and  dignitie,  to  be  adjudged  as  traitors  according  to  the 
Lawes  of  England. 

The  third,  if  any  should  speake  dishonourably  of  her 
Majestie,  the  partie  so  oifending,  to  loose  his  eares,  his 
ship  and  goods,  to  be  confiscate  to  the  use  of  the  Generall. 

All  men  did  very  willingly  submit  themselves  to  these  Sundry  per- 
Lawes.     Then  he  caused  the  Queenes  Majesties  Armes  ^^^  became 

,      .  1  1  ,.,•',..       1  enants  to  bir 

to  be  mgraved,  set  up,  and  erected  with  great  solemnitie.  Hum/rey  and 

After  this,  divers  Englishmen  made  sute  unto  Sir  Hum-  doe  malnteine 
frey  to   have    of  him    by  inheritance,    their    accustomed  possession  for 
stages,  standings  &  drying   places,    in  sundry  places  of  '^^^  ^"  e'^^'^^'j 
that  land  for  their  fish,  as  a   thing   that  they  doe   make 
great  accompt  of,   which  he  granted    unto   them  in  fee 
farme.     And  by  this  meanes  he  hath   possession   main- 
tained for  him,  in  many  parts  of  that  Countrey.     To  be 
briefe,  he  did  let,  set,  give  and  dispose  of  many  things,  as 
absolute  Governor  there,  by  vertue  of  her  Majesties  letters 
patents. 

And  after  their  ships  were  repaired,  whereof  one  he  was 
driven  to  leave  behind,  both  for  want  of  men  sufficient  to 
furnish  her,  as  also  to  carrie  home  such  sicke  persons  as 
were  not  able  to  proceede  any  further :  He  departed  from 
thence  the  20.  of  August,  with  the  other  three,  namely, 

91 


1583. 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

the  Delight,  wherein  was  appointed  Captaine  in  M. 
William  Winters  place,  (that  thenee  returned  immediatly 
for  England)  M.  Maurice  Browne :  the  Golden  Hinde, 
in  which  was  Captaine  and  owner,  M,  Edward  Hays :  and 
the  little  Frigat  where  the  Generall  himselfe  did  goe,  seem- 
ing to  him  most  fit  to  discover  and  approch  the  shore. 

The  2 1 .  day  they  came  to  Cape  Race,  toward  the  South 
partes  whereof,  lying  a  while  becalmed,  they  tooke  Cod 
in   largenes  and   quantitie,   exceeding  the  other  parts   of 
Newfound  land,  where  any  of  them  had  bene.     And  from 
thence,  trending  the  coast  West,  toward  the  Bay  of  Pla- 
centia,  the  Generall  sent  certaine  men  a  shore,  to  view 
the  Countrey,  which  to  them  as  they  sayled  along,  seemed 
pleasant.     Whereof  his  men  at  their  returne  gave  great 
commendation,  liking  so  well  of  the  place,  as  they  would 
willingly  have  stayed  and  wintred  there.     But  having  the 
wind   faire   and   good,    they   proceeded    on    their    course 
towards  the  firme  of  America,  which  by  reason   of  con- 
tinuall  fogs,  at  that  time  of  the  yeere  especially,  they  could 
never  see,  till  Cox  Master  of  the  Golden  Hinde  did  dis- 
cerne   land,    and  presently  lost   sight  thereof  againe,   at 
what  time  they  were  all  upon  a   breach  in  a  great  and 
outragious  storm e,  having  under  3.  fathome  water.     But 
God  delivered  the  Frigat  and  the  Golden  Hind,  from  this 
great  danger.     And  the  Delight  in  the  presence  of  them 
all  was  lost,   to  their  unspeakeable  griefe,  with  all  their 
chiefe  victuall,  munition,  and  other  necessary  provisions, 
and   other   things  of  value    not    fit    here    to   be    named. 
Whereupon,  by  reason  also  that  Winter  was  come  upon 
them,  and  foule  weather   increased  with  fogs  and  mists 
that  so  covered  the  land,  as  without  danger  of  perishing 
they  could  not  approch  it:   Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert  and  M. 
Hays  were  compelled  much  against  their  willes  to  retyre 
homewards :  And  being  300.  leagues  on  their  way,  were 
after    by  tempestuous  weather    separated    the   one    from 
the  other,  the  ninth  of  September  last,  since  which  time 
M.   Hays   with   his   Barke  is  safely   arrived,   but   of  Sir 
Humfrey  as  yet  they  heare  no  certaine  newes. 

92 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

'583. 

Upon  this  report  (together  with  my  former  intent,  to 
write  some  briefe  discourse  in  the  commendation  of  this 
so  noble  and  worthy  an  enterprise)  I  did  call  to  my 
remembrance,  the  Historic  of  Themystocles  the  Grecian,  Plutarch, 
who  (being  a  right  noble  and  valiant  Captaine)  signified 
unto  his  Countreymen  the  Citizens  of  Athens,  that  he 
had  invented  a  devise  for  their  common  wealth  very 
profitable :  but  it  was  of  such  importance  and  secrecie, 
that  it  ought  not  to  be  revealed,  before  private  conference 
had  with  some  particular  prudent  person  of  their  choyse. 

The  Athenians  knowing  Aristides  the  Philosopher,  to 
be  a  man  indued  with  singular  wisedome  and  vertue, 
made  choyse  of  him  to  have  conference  with  Themystcles, 
and  thereupon  to  yeelde  his  opinion  to  the  Citizens  con- 
cerning the  sayd  devise :  which  was,  that  they  might  set 
on  fire  the  Navie  of  their  enemies,  with  great  facilitie,  as  [III.  167.] 
he  had  layde  the  plot :  Aristides  made  relation  to  the 
Citizens,  that  the  stratageme  devised  by  Themystocles 
was  a  profitable  practise  for  the  common  wealth  but  it  was 
dishonest.  The  Athenians  (without  further  demaund 
what  the  same  was)  did  by  common  consent  reject  and 
condemne  it,  preferring  honesty  and  upright  dealing 
before  profite. 

By  occasion  of  this  Historic,  I  drewe  my  selfe  into  a 
more  deepe  consideration  of  this  late  undertaken  Voyage, 
whether  it  were  as  well  pleasing  to  almightie  God,  as  pro- 
fitable to  men :  as  lawfull,  as  it  seemed  honourable :  as 
well  gratefuU  to  the  Savages,  as  gainefuU  to  the  Christians. 
And  upon  mature  deliberation  I  found  the  action  to  be 
honest  and  profitable,  and  therefore  allowable  by  the 
opinion  of  Aristides  if  he  were  now  alive:  which  being  by 
me  herein  sufficiently  prooved,  (as  by  Gods  grace  I  pur- 
pose to  doe)  I  doubt  not  but  that  all  good  mindes  will 
endevour  themselves  to  be  assistants  to  this  so  commend- 
able an  enterprise,  by  the  valiant  and  worthy  Gentlemen 
our  Countrey  men  already  attempted  and  undertaken. 

Now  whereas  I  doe  understand  that  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert  his   adherents,  associates  and  friends  doe  meane 

93 


A.D. 
1583. 


II  Efigltshmen. 
Master  John 
Hawkins. 
Sir  Francis 
Drake. 
M.  JVilliam 
Winter. 
M.  John 
Chester. 
M.  Martin 
Frobisher. 
Anthony 
Parkkurst. 
JVilliam 
Battes. 
John  hovel. 
David  In- 
gram. 
Strangers. 
French. 
John  Ribault, 
Jaques 
Cartier. 
Andrew 
Thevet. 
Monsieur 
Gourgues. 
Monsieur 
Laudonniere. 
Italians. 
Christopher 
Columbus. 
John 
Veraxanus. 


THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

with  a  convenient  supply  (with  as  much  speede  as  may  be) 
to  maintaine,  pursue  and  follow  this  intended  voyage 
already  in  part  perfourmed,  and  (by  the  assistance  of 
almightie  God)  to  plant  themselves  and  their  people  in 
the  continent  of  the  hither  part  of  America,  betweene  the 
degrees  of  30.  and  60.  of  septentrionall  latitude :  Within 
which  degrees  by  computation  Astronomicall  and  Cosmo- 
graphicall  are  doubtlesse  to  bee  found  all  things  that 
be  necessarie,  profitable,  or  delectable  for  mans  life :  The 
clymate  milde  and  temperate,  neyther  too  bote  nor  too 
colde,  so  that  under  the  cope  of  heaven  there  is  not  any 
where  to  be  found  a  more  convenient  place  to  plant  and 
inhabite  in :  which  many  notable  Gentlemen,  both  II  of 
our  owne  nation  and  strangers,  (who  have  bene  travailers) 
can  testifie :  and  that  those  Countries  are  at  this  day 
inhabited  with  Savages  (who  have  no  knowledge  of  God :) 
Is  it  not  therefore  (I  say)  to  be  lamented,  that  these  poore 
Pagans,  so  long  living  in  ignorance  and  idolatry,  and  in 
sort  thirsting  after  Christianitie,  (as  may  appeare  by  the 
relation  of  such  as  have  travailed  in  those  partes)  that  our 
hearts  are  so  hardened,  that  fewe  or  none  can  be  found 
which  will  put  to  their  helping  hands,  and  apply  them- 
selves to  the  relieving  of  the  miserable  and  wretched 
estate  of  these  sillie  soules  ? 

Whose  Countrey  doeth  (as  it  were  with  armes  advanced) 
above  the  climates  both  of  Spaine  and  France,  stretch  out 
it  selfe  towards  England  only :  In  maner  praying  our 
ayde  and  helpe,  as  it  is  not  onely  set  forth  in  Mercators 
generall  Mappe,  but  it  is  also  found  to  be  true  by  the 
discoverie  of  our  nation,  and  other  strangers,  who  have 
oftentimes  travailed  upon  the  same  coasts. 

Christopher  Columbus  of  famous  memorie,  the  first 
instrument  to  manifest  the  great  glory  and  mercie  of 
Almightie  God  in  planting  the  Christian  faith,  in  those 
so  long  unknowen  regions,  having  in  purpose  to  acquaint 
(as  he  did)  that  renoumed  Prince,  the  Queenes  Majesties 
grandfather  King  Henry  the  seventh,  with  his  intended 
voyage    for    the   Westerne    discoveries,    was    not    onely 

94 


THE    WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
derided  and  mocked  generally,  even  here  in  England,  but  Goddoeth  not 
afterward   became   a   laughing    stocke   to    the   Spaniards  ^^^^y"^^g"^ 
themselves,  who  at  this  day  (of  all  other  people)  are  most  Jg^kes  b^ the 
bounden  to  laude  and  prayse  God,  who  first  stirred  up  the  greatest 
man  to  that  enterprise.  persons. 

And  while  he  was  attending  there  to  acquaint  the  King 
of  Castile  (that  then  was)  with  his  intended  purpose,  by 
how  many  wayes  and  meanes  was  he  derided.''  Some 
scorned  the  pildnesse  of  his  garments,  some  tooke  occasion 
to  jest  at  his  simple  and  silly  lookes,  others  asked  if  this 
were  he  that  lowts  so  lowe,  .which  did  take  upon  him  to  His  custome 
bring  men  into  a  Countrey  that  aboundeth  with  Golde,  ^^^  ^°  ^°^^ 

Pearle,  and  Precious  stones  }     If  hee  were  any  such  man  /^^^/^  ^^p 
,  ',       .   ,  ,  ,  ,  -   -^  lowe  in  making 

(sayd  they)  he  would  cary  another  maner  or  countenance  ofcourtesie. 

with    him,   and    looke    somewhat    loftier.       Thus    some 

judged  him  by  his  garments,  and  others  by  his  looke  and 

countenance,  but  none  entred   into    the  consideration  of 

the  inward  man. 

In  the  ende,  what  successe  his  Voyage  had,  who  list  to 
reade  the  Decades,  the  Historic  of  the  West  Indies,  the 
conquest  of  Hernando  Cortes  about  Mexico,  and  those  Hernando 
of    Francisco    Pizarro    in    Peru    about    Casamalcha    and  ^"^'^^^^ 
Cusco,  may  know  more   particularly.      All   which    their  pj^J".l° 
discoveries,  travailes  and  conquests  are  extant  to  be  had  in 
the  English  tongue.     This  devise  was  then  accounted  a 
fantasticall  imagination,  and  a  drowsie  dreame. 

But  the  sequele  thereof  hath  since  awaked  out  of 
dreames  thousands  of  soules  to  knowe  their  Creator, 
being  thereof  before  that  time  altogether  ignorant:  And 
hath  since  made  sufficient  proofe,  neither  to  be  fantasticke 
nor  vainely  imagined. 

Withall,  how  mightily  it  hath  inlarged  the  dominions 
of  the  Crowne  of  Spaine,  and  greatly  inriched  the  subjects 
of  the  same,  let  all  men  consider.  Besides,  it  is  well 
knowen,  that  sithence  the  time  of  Columbus  his  first  [HI.  168.] 
discoverie,  through  the  planting,  possessing,  and  inhabit- 
ing those  partes,  there  hath  bene  transported  and  brought 
home  into  Europe  greater  store  of  Golde,  Silver,  Pearle, 

95 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

and  Precious  stones,  then  heretofore  hath  bene  in  all  ages 
since  the  creation   of  the  worlde. 

I  doe  therefore  heartily  wish,  that  seeing  it  hath  pleased 
almightie  God  of  his  infinite  mercy,  at  the  length  to 
awake  some  of  our  worthy  Countrey  men  out  of  that 
drowsie  dreame,  wherein  we  have  so  long  slumbered : 

That  wee  may  now  not  suffer  that  to  quaile  for  want 
of  maintenance,  which  by  these  valiant  Gentlemen  our 
Countreymen  is  so  nobly  begun  &  enterprised.  For 
which  purpose,  I  have  taken  upon  me  to  write  this  simple 
short  Treatise,  hoping  that  it  shall  be  able  to  perswade 
such  as  have  bene,  and  yet  doe  continue  detractors  and 
hinderers  of  this  journey,  (by  reason  perhaps  that  they 
have  not  deliberately  and  advisedly  entred  into  the 
judgement  of  the  matter)  that  yet  now  upon  better  con- 
sideration they  will  become  favourable  furtherers  of  the 
same.  And  that  such  as  are  already  well  affected  there- 
A  reasonable  unto,  will  continue  their  good  disposition  :  And  withall,  I 
request.  most  humbly  pray  all  such   as  are  no  nigards  of  their 

purses  in  buying  of  costly  and  rich  apparel,  and  liberall 
Contributors  in  setting  forth  of  games,  pastimes,  feastings 
and  banquets,  (whereof  the  charge  being  past,  there  is  no 
hope  of  publique  profite  or  commoditie)  that  henceforth 
they  will  bestowe  and  employ  their  liberality  (heretofore 
that  way  expended)  to  the  furtherance  of  these  so  com- 
mendable  purposed   proceedings. 

And  to  this  ende  have  I  taken  pen  in  hand,  as  in 
conscience  thereunto  mooved,  desiring  much  rather,  that 
of  the  great  multitude  which  this  Realme  doeth  nourish, 
farre  better  able  to  handle  this  matter  then  I  my  selfe  am, 
it  would  have  pleased  some  one  of  them  to  have  under- 
taken the  same.  But  seeing  they  are  silent,  and  that  it 
falleth  to  my  lotte  to  put  pen  to  the  paper,  I  will  en- 
devour  my  selfe,  and  doe  stand  in  good  hope  (though 
my  skill  and  knowledge  bee  simple,  yet  through  the 
The  argument  assistance  of  almightie  God)  to  proove  that  the  Voyage 
of  the  bookc.  lately  enterprised  for  trade,  traffique,  and  planting  in 
America,  is  an  action  tending  to  the  lawfuU  enlargement 

96 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
of  her  Majesties   Dominions,  commodious  to   the  whole 
Realme    in    generall,    profitable    to    the    adventurers    in 
particular,  beneficiall  to  the  Savages,  and  a  matter  to  be 
atteined  without  any  great  danger  or  difficultie. 

And  lastly,  (which  is  most  of  all)  A  thing  likewise 
tending  to  the  honour  and  glory  of  Almightie  God.  And 
for  that  the  lawfulnesse  to  plant  in  those  Countreyes  in 
some  mens  judgements  seemeth  very  doubtfull,  I  will 
beginne  the  proofe  of  the  lawfulnesse  of  trade,  traffique, 
and  planting. 

The  second  Chapter  sheweth,  that  it  is  lawfull  and 
necessarie  to  trade  and  traffique  with  the  Savages : 
And  to  plant  in  their  Countries :  And  divideth 
planting  into   two  sorts. 

ANd  first  for  traffique,  I  say  that  the  Christians  may 
lawfully  travell  into  those  Countries  and  abide  there : 
whom  the  Savages  may  not  justly  impugne  and  forbidde 
in  respect  of  the  mutuall  societie  and  fellowshippe  be- 
tweene  man  and  man  prescribed  by  the  Law  of  Nations. 

For  from  the  first  beginning  of  the  creation  of  the 
world,  and  from  the  renewing  of  the  same  after  Noes 
flood,  all  men  have  agreed,  that  no  violence  should  be 
offered  to  Ambassadours :  That  the  Sea  with  his  Havens 
should  be  common :  That  such  as  should  fortune  to  be 
taken  in  warre,  should  be  servants  or  slaves :  And  that 
strangers  should  not  bee  driven  away  from  the  place  or 
Countrey  whereunto  they  doe  come. 

If  it  were  so  then,  I  demaund  in  what  age,  and  by 
what  Law  is  the  same  forbidden  or  denied  since  ?  For 
who  doubteth  but  that  it  is  lawfull  for  Christians  to  use 
trade  and  traffique  with  Infidels  or  Savages,  carrying 
thither  such  commodities  as  they  want,  and  bringing  from 
thence  some  part  of  their  plentie  ? 

A  thing  so  commonly  and  generally  practised,  both 
in  these  our  dayes,  and  in  times  past,  beyond  the  memorie 
of  man,  both  by  Christians  and  Infidels,  that  it  needeth 
no  further  proofe. 

VIII  97  G 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583- 

And  forasmuch  as  the  use  of  trade  and  traffique  (be 
it  never  so  profitable)  ought  not  to  be  preferred  before 
the  planting  of  Christian  faith  :  I  will  therefore  somewhat 
intreate  of  planting,  (without  which,  Christian  Religion 
can  take  no  roote,  be  the  Preachers  never  so  carefull  and 
diligent)  which  I  meane  to  divide  into  two  sortes. 
The  piincipall       The    first,  when    Christians    by   the  good    liking    and 

causes  zvhy       willing  assent   of  the  Savages,  are  admitted  by  them  to 

this  z'o-ias-e  ts  -      °  ■  o     ^  j 

undertaken.       q^^^t   possession. 

[III.  169.]  The  second,  when   Christians  being  unjustly  repulsed, 

doe  seeke  to  attaine  and  mainteine  the  right  for  which 
they  doe  come. 

And  though  in  regard  of  the  establishment  of  Christian 
Religion,  eyther  of  both  may  be  lawfully  and  justly  ex- 
ercised :  (Whereof  many  examples  may  be  found,  as  well 
in  the  time  of  Moyses  and  Josua,  and  other  rulers  before 
the  birth  of  Christ,  as  of  many  vertuous  Emperours  and 
Kings  sithence  his  incarnation :)  yet  doe  I  wish,  that 
before  the  second  be  put  in  practise,  a  proofe  may  be 
made  of  the  first,  saving  that  for  their  safetie  as  well 
against  the  Savages,  as  all  other  forreigne  enemies,  they 
should  first  well  and  strongly  fortifie  themselves :  which 
being  done,  then  by  all  fayre  speeches,  and  every  other 
good  meanes  of  perswasion  to  seeke  to  take  away  all 
occasions  of  offence. 

As  letting  them  to  understand,  how  they  came  not 
to  their  hurt,  but  for  their  good,  and  to  no  other  ende, 
but  to  dwell  peaceably  amongst  them,  and  to  trade  and 
traffique  with  them  for  their  owne  commoditie,  without 
molesting  or  grieving  them  any  way :  which  must  not 
be  done  by  wordes  onely  but  also  by   deedes. 

For  albeit,  to  maintaine  right  and  repell  injury,  be  a 
just  cause  of  warre  :  yet  must  there  hereof  be  heedefuU 
care  had,  that  whereas  the  Savages  be  fearefull  by  nature, 
and  fond  otherwise,  the  Christians  should  doe  their  best 
endevour  to  take  away  such  teare  as  may  growe  unto 
them  by  reason  of  their  strange  apparell,  Armour,  and 
weapon,  or  such  like,  by  quiet  and  peaceable  conversation, 

,      98 


THE   WESTERN    PLANTING  ad. 

1583- 
and  letting  them  live  in  securitie,  and  keeping  a  measure 
of  blamelesse  defence,  with  as  little  discommoditie  to  the 
Savages  as  may  bee :  for  this  kinde  of  warre  would  be 
onely  defensive  and  not  offensive. 

And  questionlesse  there  is  great  hope  and  likelyhoode, 
that  by  this  kinde  of  meanes  we  should  bring  to  passe  all 
effects  to  our  desired  purposes :  Considering  that  all 
creatures,  by  constitution  of  nature,  are  rendred  more 
tractable  and  easier  wonne  for  all  assayes,  by  courtesie 
and  mildnesse,  then  by  crueltie  or  roughnesse :  and  there- 
fore being  a  principle  taught  us  by  naturall  reason,  it  is 
first  to  be  put  in  ure. 

For  albeit  as  yet  the  Christians  are  not  so  throughly 
furnished  with  the  perfectnesse  of  their  language,  eyther 
to  expresse  their  mindes  to  them,  or  againe  to  conceive 
the  Savages  intent :  Yet  for  the  present  opportunitie, 
such  policie  may  be  used  by  friendly  signes,  and  courteous 
tokens  towards  them,  as  the  Savages  may  easily  perceive 
(were  their  sences  never  so  grosse)  an  assured  friendship 
to  be  offered  them,  and  that  they  are  encountered  with 
such  a  nation,  as  brings  them  benefite,  commoditie,  peace, 
tranquilitie  and  safetie.  To  further  this,  and  to  accom- 
plish it  in  deedes,  there  must  bee  presented  unto  them 
gratis,  some  kindes  of  our  pettie  marchandizes  and  trifles  : 
As  looking  glasses.  Belles,  Beades,  Bracelets,  Chaines,  or 
collers  of  Bewgle,  Chry stall.  Amber,  Jet,  or  Glasse  &c. 
For  such  be  the  things,  though  to  us  of  small  value,  yet 
accounted  by  them  of  high  price  and  estimation  :  and 
soonest  will  induce  their  Barbarous  natures  to  a  liking 
and  a  mutuall  societie  with  us. 

Moreover,  it  shall  be  requisite  eyther  by  speeche,  if  it 
be  possible,  either  by  some  other  certaine  meanes,  to 
signifie  unto  them,  that  once  league  of  friendship  with  all 
loving  conversation  being  admitted  betweene  the  Chris- 
tians and  them  :  that  then  the  Christians  from  thenceforth 
will  alwayes  be  ready  with  force  of  Armes  to  assist  and 
defend  them  in  their  just  quarrels,  from  all  invasions, 
spoyles  and    oppressions  offered  them    by   any  Tyrants, 

99 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583. 

Adversaries,  or  their  next  borderers :  and  a  benefite  is  so 
much  the  more  to  be  esteemed,  by  how  much  the  person 
upon  whom  it  is  bestowed  standeth  in  neede  thereof. 

For  it  appeareth  by  the  relation  of  a  Countryman  of 
ours,  namely  David  Ingram,  (who  travelled  in  those 
countries  xi.  Moneths  and  more)  That  the  Savages  gene- 
rally for  the  most  part,  are  at  continuall  warres  with  their 
next  adjoyning  neighbours,  and  especially  the  Cannibals, 
being  a  cruell  kinde  of  people,  whose  foode  is  mans  flesh, 
and  have  teeth  like  dogges,  and  doe  pursue  them  with 
ravenous  mindes  to  eate  their  flesh,  and  devoure  them. 

And  it  is  not  to  be  doubted,  but  that  the  Christians 
may  in  this  case  justly  and  lawfully  ayde  the  Savages 
against  the  Cannibals.  So  that  it  is  very  likely,  that  by 
this  meanes  we  shall  not  only  mightily  stirre  and  inflame 
their  rude  mindes  gladly  to  embrace  the  loving  company 
of  the  Christians,  proff^ering  unto  them  both  commodities, 
succour,  and  kindnesse :  But  also  by  their  franke  consents 
shall  easily  enjoy  such  competent  quantity  of  Land,  as 
every  way  shall  be  correspondent  to  the  Christians  expec- 
tation and  contentation,  considering  the  great  abundance 
that  they  have  of  Land,  and  how  small  account  they  make 
thereof,  taking  no  other  fruites  thereby  then  such  as  the 
ground  of  it  selfe  doeth  naturally  yeelde.  And  thus  much 
concerning  the  first  sort  of  planting,  which  as  I  assuredly 
hope,  so  I  most  heartily  pray  may  take  eff^ect  and  place. 
[III.  170.]  But   if  after   these  good   and   fayre  meanes   used,   the 

The  seconde  Savages  neverthelesse  will  not  bee  herewithall  satisfied, 
m  e  Of  pan  ^^^  barbarously  will  goe  about  to  practise  violence  eyther 
in  repelling  the  Christians  from  their  Ports  &  safe- 
landings,  or  in  withstanding  them  afterwards  to  enjoy  the 
rights  for  which  both  painfully  and  lawfully  they  have 
adventured  themselves  thither : 

Then  in  such  a  case  I  holde  it  no  breach  of  equitie  for 
the  Christians  to  defend  themselves,  to  pursue  revenge 
with  force,  and  to  doe  whatsoever  is  necessarie  for  the 
atteining  of  their  safetie :  For  it  is  allowable  by  all  Lawes 
in  such  distresses,  to  resist  violence  with  violence :  And 

100 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
for   their   more    securitie    to   increase    their    strength   by- 
building  of  Forts  for  avoyding  the  extremitie  of  injurious 
dealing. 

Wherein  if  also  they  shal  not  be  suffered  in  reasonable 
quietnesse  to  continue,  there  is  no  barre  (as  I  judge)  but 
that  in  stoute  assemblies  the  Christians  may  issue  out, 
and  by  strong  hand  pursue  their  enemies,  subdue  them, 
take  possession  of  their  Townes,  Cities,  or  Villages,  and 
(in  avoyding  murtherous  tyrannic)  to  use  the  Law  of 
Armes,  as  in  like  case  among  all  Nations  at  this  day  is 
used :  and  most  especially  to  the  ende  they  may  with 
securitie  holde  their  lawfull  possession,  lest  happily  after 
the  departure  of  the  Christians,  such  Savages  as  have  bene 
converted,  should  afterwards  through  compulsion  and 
enforcement  of  their  wicked  Rulers,  returne  to  their 
horrible  idolatrie  (as  did  the  children  of  Israel,  after  the 
decease  of  Joshua)  and  continue  their  wicked  custome  of 
most  unnaturall  sacrificing  of  humane  creatures. 

And  in  so  doing,  doubtlesse  the  Christians  shall  no 
whit  at  all  transgresse  the  bonds  of  equitie  or  civilitie, 
forasmuch  as  in  former  ages,  (yea,  before  the  incarnation 
of  Christ)  the  like  hath  bene  done  by  sundry  Kings  and 
Princes,  Governours  of  the  children  of  Israel :  chiefly  in 
respect  to  begin  their  planting,  for  the  establishment  of 
Gods  worde  :  as  also  since  the  Nativitie  of  Christ,  mightie 
and  puissant  Emperours  and  Kings  have  performed  the 
like,  I  say  to  plant,  possesse,  and  subdue.  For  proofe 
whereof,  I  will  alledge  you  examples  of  both  kindes. 

Wee  reade  in  the  olde  Testament,  how  that  after  Noes 
flood  was  ceased,  restauration  of  mankinde  began  onely  of 
those  fewe  of  Noes  children  and  familie  as  were  by  God 
preelected  to  bee  saved  in  the  Arke  with  him,  whose  seede 
in  processe  of  time,  was  multiplyed  to  infinite  numbers  of 
Nations,  which  in  divers  sortes  divided  themselves  to 
sundry  quarters  of  the  earth.  And  forasmuch  as  all  their 
posteritie  being  mightily  encreased,  followed  not  the  per- 
fect life  of  Noe  their  predecessour,  God  chose  out  of  the 
multitude  a  peculiar  people  to  himselfe,  to  whom  after- 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

wardes  being  under  the  government  of  Moyses  in  Mount 
Sinay,  hee  made  a  graunt  to  inherite  the  Land  of  Canaan, 
called  the  Land  of  promise,  with  all  the  other  rich  and 
fertile  Countries  next  adjoyning  thereunto.  Neverthe- 
lesse,  before  they  came  to  possession  thereof,  having  bene 
afflicted  with  many  grievous  punishments  and  plagues  for 
their  sinnes,  they  fell  in  despayre  to  enjoy  the  same. 

But  being  encouraged  and  comforted  by  their  Rulers, 
(men  of  God)  they  proceeded,  arming  themselves  with  all 
patience,  to  suffer  whatsoever  it  should  please  God  to 
send :  and  at  last  attaining  to  the  Land,  they  were 
encountered  with  great  numbers  of  strong  people,  and 
mighty  Kings. 

Josua  4.  Notwithstanding,  Josua  their  Leader  replenished  with 
the  Spirite  of  God,  being  assured  of  the  justnesse  of  his 
quarell,  gathered  the  chiefe  strength  of  the  children  of 
Israel  together,  to  the  number  of  40000.  with  whom  he 
safely  passed  the  huge  river  Jordan,  and  having  before 

Josua  6.  sent  privie  spies  for  the  discoverie  of  the  famous  citie 
Jerico,  to  understand  the  certaintie  of  the  Citizens  estate, 
he  forthwith  came  thither,  and  environed  it  round  about 
with  his  whole  power  the  space  of  seven  dayes. 

In  which  respite,  perceiving  none  of  the  Gentiles  dis- 
posed to  yeeld  or  call  for  mercie,  he  then  commanded  (as 
God  before  had  appointed)  that  both  the  citie  Jerico 
should  be  burned,  yea,  and  all  the  inhabitants,  as  well 
olde  as  young,  with  all  their  cattell  should  be  destroyed, 
onely  excepted  Rahab,  her  kindred  and  familie,  because 
shee  before  had  hid  secretly  the  messengers  of  Josua,  that 
were  sent  thither  as  spies.  As  for  all  their  golde,  silver, 
precious  stones,  or  vessels  of  brasse,  they  were  reserved 
and  consecrated  to  the  Lords  treasurie. 

Josua  8.  In  like  maner  he  burned  the  citie  Hay,  slew  the  inhabi- 
tants thereof,  and  hanged  up  their  King.  But  for  so 
much    as    the    Gebionites    (fearing   the    like   event)    sent 

Josua  9.  Ambassadours  unto  Josua  to  intreate  for  grace,  favour, 
and  peace:  hee  commaunded  that  all  their  lives  should 
bee  saved,  and  that  they  should  be  admitted  to  the  com- 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad 

1583- 
pany  of  the  children  of  Israel.     Yet  understanding  after- 
wards they  wrought  this  by  a  policie,  he  used  them  as 
drudges  to   hewe   wood   and    to   carie  water,   and   other 
necessaries  for  his   people.      Thus  beganne    this  valiant 
Captaine  his  conquest,  which  he  pursued  and  never  left  [III.  171.] 
till  hee  had  subdued  all  the  Hethites,  Amorites,  Cananites,  Judg.  11. 13. 
Peresites,  Hevites,  and  Jebusites,  with  all  their   princes 
and  Kings,  being  thirtie  and  one   in  number,   &  divers 
other  strange  nations,  besides  whose  lands  &  dominions 
he  wholy  divided  among  Gods  people. 

After  that  Josua  was  deceased,  Juda  was  constituted 
Lord  over  the  armie,  who  receiving  like  charge  from  God, 
pursued  the  proceedings  of  the  holy  captaine  Josua,  and 
utterly  vanquished    many    Gentiles,    Idolaters,    and   ad- 
versaries to  the  children  of  Israel,  with  all  such  Rulers  or 
Kings  as  withstoode  him,    and   namely   Adonibezek  the  Judg.  i. 
most  cruell  tyrant :    whose   thumbes   and  great   toes   he 
caused  to  be  cut  off,  for  so  much  as  hee  had  done  the 
like    before     unto    seventie     Kings,    whom    being    his 
prisoners,   he  forced  to  gather  up  their  victuals    under- 
neath   his    table.     In    this    God    shewed    his  justice    to 
revenge  tyrannie.     We  reade    likewise,  that    Gedeon    a  A  good  note  for 
most  puissant  and   noble  warriour   so  behaved  himselfe  ^^ ^<>n<l^^J'^rs 
in   following   the  worthy   acts   of  Josua  and   Juda,   that  j^^    ^  ■'- 
in  short  time  he  not  only  delivered  the  children  of  Israel 
from  the  hands  of  the  multitude  of  the  fierce  Madianites, 
but  also  subdued  them  and  their  Tyrants,  whose  landes 
he  caused  Gods  people  to  possesse  and  inherite. 

I  could  recite  divers  other  places  out  of  the  Scripture, 
which  aptly  may  be  applyed  hereunto,  were  it  not  I  doe 
indevour  my  selfe  by  all  meanes  to  be  briefe.  Now  in 
like  maner  will  I  alledge  some  fewe  Inductions  out  of  the 
autenticall  writings  of  the  Ecclesiasticall  Historiographers, 
all  tending  to  the  like  argument.  And  first  to  begin 
withall,  we  doe  reade :  That  after  our  Saviour  Jesus 
Christ  had  suffered  his  passion,  the  Apostles  being  in- 
spired with  the  holy  Ghost,  and  the  knowledge  of  all 
strange  languages,  did  immediatly  disperse  themselves  to 

103 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

sundry  parts  of  the  world,  to  the  preaching  of  the  Gospel. 
Yet  not  in  so  generall  a  maner,  but  that  there  remayned 
some  farre  remote  Countries  unvisited  by  them,  among 
the  which  it  is  reported  that  India  the  great,  called  the 
uttermost  India,  as  yet  had  received  no  light  of  the  word. 
RufinusUb.\.  But  it  came  to  passe,  that  one  Metrodorus  a  very  learned 
^^P-  9-  and  wise  Philosopher  in  that  age,  being  desirous  to  search 

out  unknowen  lands,  did  first  discover  the  same,  finding 
it  wonderfull  populous  and  rich,  which  upon  his  returne 
being  published,  and  for  certaine  understood,  there  was 
another  grave  Philosopher  of  Tyrus  called  Meropius, 
being  a  Christian,  who  did  resolve  himselfe  (following 
the  example  of  Metrodorus)  to  travaile  thither,  and  in 
a  short  time  assisted  but  with  a  fewe,  in  a  small  Vessel 
arrived  there,  having  in  his  company  two  yong  youths, 
Edesius  and  Frumentius,  whom  (being  his  schollers)  he 
had  throughly  instructed  both  in  liberall  Sciences,  and 
christian  Religion.  Now  after  that  Meropius  somewhile 
staying  there,  had  (as  hee  thought)  sufficient  understand- 
ing of  the  Indians  whole  estate :  He  determined  to 
depart,  and  to  bring  notice  thereof  unto  the  Emperour, 
whom  he  meant  to  exhort  to  the  conquest  of  the 
same. 

But  by  misfortune  he  was  prevented,  for  being  in  the 

middest  of   his    course    on    the    Sea    homeward,    a    sore 

tempest  arose,  and  perforce  drove  him  backe  againe,  to 

an   unknowen  Port  of  the  sayd  land :   where  he  by  the 

Meropius         most  cruell  barbarous  Indians  on  the  sudden  was  slaine 

slaine.  with    all   his   company,   except  the   two    young   schollers 

aforesayde,  whom  the  barbarous  Indians,  by  reason  they 

were  of  comely  stature  and  beautifull  personages,  tooke, 

Edesius  and     and  forthwith  presented  them  to  their  King  and  Queene : 

Frumentius      which  both  being  very  well  liked  of,  the  King  courteously 

^th^^lndi  n"^     entreated,   and   ordeined   Edesius  to  be  his   Butler,  and 

Frumentius  his  Secretarie,  and  in  few  yeeres  by  reason  of 

their  learning  and   civill  government,  they  were   had  in 

great   favour,   honour,   and   estimation  with  the  Princes. 

But   the   King  departing  this  life,   left   the    Queene    his 

104  * 


THE    WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

1583. 
wife  with  her  yong  sonne  to  governe,  and  gave  free  scope 
and  libertie  to  the  two  Christians,  at  their  best  pleasure  to 
passe  to  their  native  soyles,  allowing  them  all  necessaries 
for  the  same.  Yet  the  Queene  who  highly  favoured 
them  was  very  sorowfuU  they  should  depart,  and  there- 
fore most  earnestly  intreated  them  to  tarie  and  assist 
her  in  the  government  of  her  people,  till  such  time  as 
her  yong  sonne  grewe  to  ripe  yeeres,  which  request  they 
fulfilled. 

And  Frumentius  excelling   Edesius  farre  in   all  wise-  Frumentius  in 
dome,  ruled  both   the   Queene  and  her  subjects   at   his  grc'itfa'^our 
discretion,  whereby  he  tooke  occasion  to  put  in  practise  q^^^^^  ^^f^j^^ 
privily,    that   the  foundation  of  Christian  religion  might  Indians. 
be  planted  in  the  hearts  of  such  as  with  whom  he  thought 
his    perswasion     might    best    prevaile,   and  that    soonest 
would  give  eare  unto  him:  which  being  brought  to  passe  An  other  great 
accordingly,  hee  then  with  his  fellow  Edesius  tooke  leave  ^''^'^^  of  God 

of  the  Queene  to  returne  to  his  native  countrey.     And    ^^^^^f,    y  ^ 

.       ,  111       '^^'^  ofmeane 

SO   soone  as   he   was   arrived    there,   he  revealed   to    the  hirth. 

Emperour  Constantine,    the    effect  of  all   those  events : 

who   both   commending  his   deedes  and   wholy  allowing  Ruffinus  the 

thereof,   by   the  advise  and   good    liking   of  Athanasius  Author  of  this 

then   Bishop  of  Alexandria,   did    arme    and    set   forth    a  ^^°^''^^- 

convenient  power  for  the  ayde  of  Frumentius,  in  this  his  L    '^  -'l- 
ji  A      1     1  1  •  Euseb.  in  hts 

so    godly    a    purpose.     And    by    this    meanes    came   the  Ecdesiasticall 

Emperour  afterwards  by  faire  promises,  and  by  force  of  historie,  testi- 

armes  together,   unto   the  possession   of  all   the   Indians /^^'^ '^''^/'^^^ 

countrey.     The  author  of  this   storie  Ruffinus   received  J"^^!!"^!^j-j 

the  trueth  hereof  from  the  very  mouth  of  Edesius  com-  enlarge  Ms 

panion  to  Frumentius.  dominions  by 

Moreover  Eusebius   in   his   Historie  Ecdesiasticall  in  subduing  of 

precise  termes,  and  in  divers  places  maketh  mention  how  i^J^f^"  ^^^ 

_  1  uOl^tfOtlS 

Constantine   the  great    not  onely    enlarged    his    Empire  nations. 

by  the   subduing  of  his   next   neighbours,   but    also   en-  Eusebius 

deavoured    by   all    meanes   to    subject    all    such    remote  lib.  \.de  vita 

Barbarous  and   Heathen   nations,   as   then   inhabited    the  ^°'^^^'^'^^-  ^^P- 

foure  quarters  of  the  worlde.     For  (as  it  is  written)  the  iuseb  e'od.' 

Emperour    throughly   ayded    with    a    puissant    armie    of  lib.  cap.  39. 

105 


A.D. 
1583. 


Theodoret.  in 
eccle.  lib.  5. 
cap.  20. 


Theodoretus 
cap.  26.  eodem 
lib. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

valiant  souldiers  whom  he  had  before  perswaded  to 
Christian  religion,  in  proper  person  himselfe  came  even 
unto  this  our  country  of  England,  then  called  the  Island 
of  Britaines,  bending  from  him  full  West,  which  he 
wholy  conquered,  made  tributarie,  and  setled  therein 
Christian  faith,  and  left  behinde  him  such  Rulers  thereof, 
as  to  his  wisedome  seemed  best.  From  thence  hee  turned 
his  force  towardes  the  North  coast  of  the  world,  and 
there  utterly  subdued  the  rude  and  cruell  Nation  of  the 
Scythians,  whereof  part  by  friendly  perswasions,  part  by 
maine  strength,  hee  reduced  the  whole  to  Christian  faith. 
Afterwards  he  determined  with  himselfe  to  search  out 
what  strange  people  inhabited  in  the  uttermost  parts  of 
the  South.  And  with  great  hazard  and  labour,  making 
his  journey  thither,  at  last  became  victour  over  them  all, 
even  to  the  countrey  of  the  Blemmyans,  and  the  remote 
^Ethiopians,  that  now  are  the  people  of  Presbyter  John, 
who  yet  till  this  day  continue  and  beare  the  name  of 
Christians. 

In  the  East  likewise,  what  Nation  soever  at  that  time 
he  could  have  notice  of,  he  easily  wonne  and  brought 
in  subjection  to  the  Empire.  So  that  to  conclude,  there 
was  no  region  in  any  part  of  the  world,  the  inhabitants 
whereof  being  Gentiles,  though  unknowen  unto  him,  but 
in  time  he  overcame  and  vanquished. 

This  worthy  beginning  of  Constantine,  both  his 
sonnes  succeeding  his  roome,  and  also  divers  other  Em- 
perours  afterward  to  their  uttermost  endevour  followed 
and  continued,  which  all  the  bookes  of  Eusebius  more 
at  large  set  foorth.  Theodoretus  likewise  in  his  Eccle- 
siasticall  historie  maketh  mention  how  Theodosius  the 
vertuous  Emperour  imployed  earnestly  all  his  time,  as 
well  in  conquering  the  Gentiles  to  the  knowledge  of  the 
holy  Gospel,  utterly  subverting  their  prophane  Temples 
and  abominable  Idolatry,  as  also  in  extinguishing  of  such 
usurping  tyrants  as  with  Paganisme  withstood  the  plant- 
ing of  Christian  religion.  After  whose  decease  his 
sonnes  Honorius  and  Arcadius  were  created  Emperours, 

106 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

1583. 
the  one  of  the  East,  the   other  of  the  West,  who  with 
all  stout  godlinesse  most  carefully  imitated  the  foresteps 
of  their  Father,  eyther  in  enlarging  theyr  territories,  or 
increasing  the  christian  flocke. 

Moreover,  it  is  reported  by  the  sayd  author,  that 
Theodosius  junior  the  Emperour,  no  whit  inferiour  in 
vertuous  life  to  any  of  the  above  named  Princes,  with 
great  studie  and  zeale  pursued  and  prosecuted  the 
Gentiles,  subdued  their  tyrants  and  countries,  and  utterly 
destroyed  all  their  idolatry,  converting  their  soules  to 
acknowledge  their  onely  Messias  and  Creator,  and  their 
Countries  to  the  enlargement  of  the  Empire.  To  be 
briefe,  who  so  listeth  to  read  Eusebius  Pamphilus,  So- 
crates Scholasticus,  Theodoritus,  Hermia,  Sozomen,  and 
Euagrius  Scholasticus,  which  all  were  most  sage  Eccle- 
siasticall  writers,  shall  finde  great  store  of  examples  of 
the  worthy  lives  of  sundry  Emperours,  tending  all  to 
the  confirmation  of  my  former  speeches. 

And  for  like  examples  of  later  time,  (yea  even  in 
the  memorie  of  man)  I  shall  not  neede  to  recite  any  other 
then  the  conquest  made  of  the  West  and  East  Indies 
by  the  Kings  of  Spaine  and  Portugall,  whereof  there 
is  particular  mention  made  in  the  last  Chapter  of  this 
booke.  Herein  have  I  used  more  copy  of  examples  then 
otherwise  I  would  have  done,  saving  that  I  have  bene 
in  place,  where  this  maner  of  planting  the  Christian  faith 
hath  bene  thought  of  some  to  be  scarce  lawfull,  yea,  such 
as  doe  take  upon  them  to  be  more  then  meanely  learned. 
To  these  examples  could  1  joyne  many  moe,  but  whoso- 
ever is  not  satisfied  with  these  fewe,  may  satisfie  himselfe 
in  reading  at  large  the  Authors  last  above  recited.  Thus 
have  I  (as  1  trust)  prooved  that  we  may  justly  trade 
and  traffique  with  the  Savages,  and  lawfully  plant  and 
inhabite  their  Countries. 


[The  third 
107 


A.D. 

1583. 


1 170. 
Owen  Gwy- 
netk  was  then 
Prince  of 
Northwales. 
Nullum 
tempus 
occurr'it  Regi. 


[III.   173.] 

This  Island- 
was  discovered 
by  Sir  Hum- 
frey  and  his 
company,  in 
this  his  last 
journey. 


Mutezuma  his 
Oration  to  his 
subjects  in  pre- 
sence of  Her- 
nando Cortes, 
which  Oration 
was  made 
about  the  yeere 
1520. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


The  third  Chapter  doeth  shew  the  lawful!  title  which  the 
Queenes  most  excellent  Majestie  hath  unto  those 
Countries,  which  through  the  ayde  of  Almighty  God 
are  meant  to  be  inhabited. 

ANd  it  is  very  evident  that  the  planting  there  shal 
in  time  right  amply  enlarge  her  Majesties  Territories 
and  Dominions,  or  (I  might  rather  say)  restore  to  her 
Highnesse  ancient  right  and  interest  in  those  Countries, 
into  the  which  a  noble  and  worthy  personage,  lineally 
descended  from  the  blood  royall,  borne  in  Wales,  named 
Madock  ap  Owen  Gwyneth,  departing  from  the  coast  of 
England,  about  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  God  1 1 70.  arrived 
and  there  planted  himselfe  and  his  Colonies,  and  after- 
ward returned  himselfe  into  England,  leaving  certaine  of 
his  people  there,  as  appeareth  in  an  ancient  Welsh 
Chronicle,  where  he  then  gave  to  certaine  Hands,  beastes, 
and  foules  sundry  Welsh  names,  as  the  Hand  of  Pengwin, 
which  yet  to  this  day  beareth  the  same. 

There  is  likewise  a  foule  in  the  saide  countreys  called 
by  the  same  name  at  this  day,  and  is  as  much  to  say 
in  English,  as  Whitehead,  and  in  trueth  the  said  foules 
have  white  heads.  There  is  also  in  those  countreis  a 
fruit  called  Gwynethes  which  is  likewise  a  Welsh  word. 
Moreover,  there  are  divers  other  Welsh  wordes  at  this 
day  in  use,  as  David  Ingram  aforesaid  reporteth  in  his 
relations.  All  which  most  strongly  argueth,  the  sayd 
prince  with  his  people  to  have  inhabited  there.  And  the 
same  in  effect  is  confirmed  by  Mutezuma  that  mightie 
Emperour  of  Mexico,  who  in  an  Oration  unto  his 
subjects  for  the  better  pacifying  of  them,  made  in  the 
presence  of  Hernando  Cortes  used  these  speeches 
following. 

MY  kinsmen,  friends,  and  servants,  you  doe  well 
know  that  eighteene  yeres  I  have  bene  your  King, 
as  my  fathers  and  grandfathers  were,  and  alwayes  I  have 
bene  unto  you  a  loving  Prince,  and  you  unto  me  good 

108 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
and  obedient  subjects,  and  so  I  hope  you  will  remaine 
unto  mee  all  the  dayes  of  my  life.  You  ought  to  have 
in  remembrance,  that  either  you  have  heard  of  your 
fathers,  or  else  our  divines  have  instructed  you,  that  wee 
are  not  naturally  of  this  countrey,  nor  yet  our  kingdome 
is  durable,  because  our  forefathers  came  from  a  farre 
countrey,  and  their  King  and  Captaine,  who  brought 
them  hither,  returned  againe  to  his  naturall  Countrey, 
saying  that  he  would  send  such  as  should  rule  and 
governe  us,  if  by  chance  he  himselfe  returned  not,  &c. 

These  be  the  very  wordes  of  Mutezuma  set  downe  in 
the  Spanish  Chronicles,  the  which  being  throughly  con- 
sidered, because  they  have  relation  to  some  strange  noble 
person,  who  long  before  had  possessed  those  countreys, 
doe    all    sufficiently    argue    the    undoubted    title    of  her 
Majestie :    forasmuch  as  no  other  Nation  can  truely  by 
any  Chronicles  they  can  finde,  make  prescription  of  time 
for   themselves,  before   the  time  of  this   Prince   Madoc. 
Besides  all  this,  for  further  proofe  of  her  highnesse  title 
sithence  the  arrivall  of  this  noble  Briton  into  those  parts 
(that  is  to  say)  in  the  time  of  the  Queenes  grandfather  of 
worthy  memory.  King  Henry  the  seventh.  Letters  patents 
were  by  his  Majestie  granted  to  John  Cabota  an  Italian, 
to    Lewis,   Sebastian  and    Sancius,   his    three   sonnes,   to 
discover  remote,  barbarous  and  heathen  Countreys,  which 
discovery   was    afterwardes   executed    to    the   use   of  the 
Crowne  of  England,  in  the  sayde  Kings  time,  by  Sebastian  M.  Oliver 
and  Sancius  his  sonnes,  who  were  borne  here  in  England :  "^   p^' 
in  true  testimony  whereof  there  is  a  faire  haven  in  New-  j^^^^ 
foundland,   knowen,   and   called   untill    this    day  by   the  m.  R.  H. 
name   of  Sancius   haven,   which   proveth  that    they  first  M.  I.  A. 
discovered  upon  that  coast  from  the  height  of  d'X)  unto 
the  cape  of  Florida,  as  appeareth  in  the  Decades. 

And  this  may  stand  for  another  title  to  her  JMajesty : 
but  any  of  the  foresayd  titles  is  as  much  or  more  then 
any  other  Christian  Prince  can  pretend  to  the  Indies, 
before  such  time  as  they  had  actuall  possession  thereof, 

109 


N' 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583. 

obtained  by  the  discovery  of  Christopher  Columbus,  and 
the  conquest  of  Vasques  Nunnes  de  Balboa,  Hernando 
Cortes,  Francisco  Pizarro,  and  others.  And  therefore 
I  thinke  it  needlesse  to  write  any  more  touching  the 
lawfulnesse  of  her  Majesties  title. 

The  fourth  chapter  sheweth  how  that  the  trade,  traffike, 
and  planting  in  those  countreys,  is  likely  to  prove 
very  profitable  to  the  whole  realme  in  generall. 

"Ow  to  shew  how  the  same  is  likely  to  proove  very 
profitable  and  beneficiall  generally  to  the  whole 
realme  :  it  is  very  certaine,  that  the  greatest  Jewell  of  this 
realme,  and  the  chiefest  strength  and  force  of  the  same, 
for  defence  or  offence  in  marshall  matter  and  maner,  is 
the  multitude  of  ships,  masters  and  mariners,  ready  to 
assist  the  most  stately  and  royall  navy  of  her  Majesty, 
which  by  reason  of  this  voyage  shall  have  both  increase 
and  maintenance.  And  it  is  well  knowen  that  in  sundry 
Cox  the  places  of  this  realme  ships  have  beene  built  and  set  forth 
master.  q£  |^^g  dayes,  for  the  trade  of  fishing  onely :  yet  not- 
withstanding the  fish  which  is  taken  and  brought  into 
England  by  the  English  navy  of  fishermen,  will  not 
suffice  for  the  expense  of  this  realme  foure  moneths,  if 
there  were  none  els  brought  of  strangers.  And  the 
chiefest  cause  why  our  English  men  doe  not  goe  so 
farre  Westerly  as  the  especiall  fishing  places  doe  lie,  both 
for  plenty  and  greatnesse  of  fish,  is  for  that  they  have 
no  succour  and  knowen  safe  harbour  in  those  parts. 
But  if  our  nation  were  once  planted  there,  or  neere 
thereabouts ;  whereas  they  now  fish  but  for  two  moneths 
in  the  yeere,  they  might  then  fish  so  long  as  pleased 
themselves,  or  rather  at  their  comming  finde  such  plenty 
of  fish  ready  taken,  salted,  and  dried,  as  might  be 
sufficient  to  fraught  them  home  without  long  delay  (God 
granting  that  salt  may  be  found  there)  whereof  David 
nil.  174.]  Ingram  (who  travelled  in  those  countreys  as  aforesayd) 
sayth  that  there  is  great  plenty :  and  withall  the  climate 
doth    give    great    hope,    that    though    there    were    none 


THE    WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

^583. 
naturally  growing,  yet  it  might  as  well  be  made  there  by 
art,  as  it  is  both  at  Rochel  and  Bayon,  or  elsewhere. 
Which  being  brought  to  passe,  shall  increase  the  number 
of  our  shippes  and  mariners,  were  it  but  in  respect  of 
fishing  onely :  but  much  more  in  regard  of  the  sundry 
merchandizes  and  commodities  which  are  there  found, 
and  had  in  great  abundance. 

Moreover,  it  is  well  knowen  that  all  Savages,  aswell 
those  that  dwell  in  the  South,  as  those  that  dwell  in  the 
North,  so  soone  as  they  shall  begin  but  a  little  to  taste 
of  civility,  will  take  marvelous  delight  in  any  garment, 
be  it  never  so  simple ;  as  a  shirt,  a  blew,  yellow,  red,  or 
greene  cotten  cassocke,  a  cap,  or  such  like,  and  will  take 
incredible  paines  for  such  a  trifle. 

For  I  my  selfe  have  heard  this  report  made  sundry  Clothiers. 
times  by  divers  of  our  countreymen,  who  have  dwelt  ^°°^'"^^- 
in  the  Southerly  parts  of  the  West  Indies,  some  twelve  o/-' 

11  r  ^  •  11  1      hptnners. 

yeeres  together,  and  some  or  lesse  time ;  that  the  people  Weavers. 

in  those  parts  are  easily  reduced  to  civility  both  in  maners  Fullers. 

and    garments.     Which    being    so,    what    vent    for    our  Sheermen. 

English  clothes  will  thereby  ensue,  and  how  great  benefit  jy.  ^  . 

to  all  such  persons  and  artificers,  whose  names  are  quoted  Cappers. 

in  the  margent,  I  do  leave  to  the  judgement  of  such  as  Hatters,  y<r. 

are  discreet.  and  many  de- 

And  questionlesse,  hereby  it  will  also  come  to  passe,  ^^3^^^°'^/" 
V  '  J  ^  r         J   repa'^red. 

that  all  such   townes   and  villages   as   both   have   beene, 

and   now  are   utterly   decayed   and    ruinated,   (the    poore 

people  thereof  being  not  set  on  worke,  by  reason  of  the 

transportation  of  raw  woolLof  late  dayes  more  excessively 

then  in  times  past)  shal   by  this  meanes  be  restored  to 

their  pristinate  wealth  and  estate :  all  which  doe  likewise 

tend   to   the  inlargement  of  our  navy,  and  maintenance 

of  our  navigation. 

To  what  end  need  I  endevour  my  selfe  by  arguments 

■  to  prove  that   by  this  voyage  our  navie  and  navigation 

shalbe  inlarged,  when  as  there  needeth  none  other  reason 

then  the  manifest  &  late  example  of  the  neere  neighbours 

to  this  realme,  the  kings  of  Spaine  and  Portugall,  who 

III 


A.D. 

1583. 


The  idle  per- 
sons of  this 
realme  shall 
by  occasion  of 
this  journey  bee 
well  imployed 
l£  set  on 
worke. 


Hempe  doeth 
grozve  neere 
S.  Laurence 
river  natur- 
ally. 


Read  the  be- 
ginning of  the 
booke  intituled. 
Divers  voy- 
ages touching 
the  discovery 
of  America. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

since  the  first  discovery  of  the  Indies,  have  not  onely 
mightily  inlarged  their  dominions,  greatly  inriched  them- 
selves and  their  subjects  :  but  have  also  by  just  account 
trebled  the  number  of  their  shippes,  masters  and  mariners, 
a  matter  of  no  small  moment  and  importance  ? 

Besides  this,  it  will  proove  a  generall  benefit  unto  our 
countrey,  that  through  this  occasion,  not  onely  a  great 
number  of  men  which  do  now  live  idlely  at  home, 
and  are  burthenous,  chargeable,  &  unprofitable  to  this 
realme,  shall  hereby  be  set  on  worke,  but  also  children 
of  twelve  or  fourteene  yeeres  of  age,  or  under,  may  bee 
kept  trom  idlenesse,  in  making  of  a  thousand  kindes  of 
trifling  things,  which  wil  be  good  merchandize  for  that 
countrey.  And  moreover,  our  idle  women  (which  the 
Realme  may  well  spare)  shall  also  be  imployed  on  pluck- 
ing, drying,  and  sorting  of  feathers,  in  pulling,  beating, 
and  working  of  hempe,  and  in  gathering  of  cotton,  and 
divers  things  right  necessary  for  dying.  All  which  things 
are  to  be  found  in  those  countreys  most  plentifully.  And 
the  men  may  imploy  themselves  in  dragging  for  pearle, 
woorking  for  mines,  and  in  matters  of  husbandry,  and 
likewise  in  hunting  the  Whale  for  Trane,  and  making 
caskes  to  put  the  same  in :  besides  in  fishing  for  cod, 
salmon,  and  herring,  drying  salting  and  barrelling  the 
same,  and  felling  of  trees,  hewing  and  sawing  of  them, 
and  such  like  worke,  meete  for  those  persons  that  are 
no  men   of  Art   or   science. 

Many  other  things  may  bee  found  to  the  great  reliefe 
and  good  employments  of  no  small  number  of  the 
naturall  Subjects  of  this  Realme,  which  doe  now  live  here 
idlely  to  the  common  annoy  of  the  whole  state.  Neither 
may  I  here  omit  the  great  hope  and  likelyhood  of  a 
passage  beyond  the  Grand  Bay  into  the  South  Seas, 
confirmed  by  sundry  authours  to  be  found  leading  to 
Cataia,  the  Moluccas  and  Spiceries,  whereby  may  ensue 
as  generall  a  benefite  to  the  Realme,  or  greater  then  yet 
hath  bene  spoken  of,  without  either  such  charges,  or 
other  inconveniences,  as  by  the  tedious  tract  of  time  and 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
perill,  which  the  ordinary  passage  to  those  parts  at  this 
day  doeth  minister. 

And  to  conclude  this  argument  withall,  it  is  well 
knowen  to  all  men  of  sound  judgement,  that  this  voyage 
is  of  greater  importance,  and  will  be  found  more  bene- 
ficiall  to  our  countrey,  then  all  other  voyages  at  this  day 
in   use  and  trade   amongst   us. 

The  fift  chapter  sheweth,  that  the  trading  and  planting 
in  those  countreis  is  likely  to  prove  to  the  particular 
profit  of  all   adventurers. 

Must  now  according  to  my  promise  shew 
foorth  some  probable  reasons  that  the 
adventurers  in  this  journey  are  to  take 
particular  profit  by  the  same.  It  is 
therefore  convenient  that  I  doe  divide  the 
adventurers  into  two  sorts :  the  noblemen 
and  gentlemen  by  themselves,  and  the  [III.  175.] 
Merchants  by  themselves.  For,  as  I  doe  heare,  it  is  meant 
that  there  shall  be  one  societie  of  the  Noblemen  and 
Gentlemen,  and  another  societie  of  the  merchants.  And 
yet  not  so  divided,  but  that  eche  society  may  freely  and 
frankely  trade  and   traffique  one  with  the  other. 

And  first  to  bend  my  speech  to  the  noblemen  and 
gentlemen,  who  doe  chiefly  seeke  a  temperate  climate, 
wholesome  ayre,  fertile  soile,  and  a  strong  place  by  nature 
whereupon  they  may  fortifie,  and  there  either  plant  them- 
selves, or  such  other  persons  as  they  shall  thinke  good  to 
send  to  bee  lords  of  that  place  and  countrey :  to  them  I 
say,  that  all  these  things  are  very  easie  to  be  found  within 
the  degrees  of  30  and  60  aforesaid,  either  by  South  or 
North,  both  in  the  Continent,  and  in  Islands  thereunto 
adjoyning  at  their  choise :  but  the  degree  certaine  of  the 
elevation  of  the  pole,  and  the  very  climate  where  these 
places  of  force  and  fertility  are  to  be  found,  I  omit  to 
make  publike,  for  such  regard  as  the  wiser  sort  can  easily 
conjecture :  the  rather  because  I  doe  certainly  understand, 
that  some  of  those  which  have  the  managing  of  this 
vni  113  H 


A.D. 
1583. 


Beasts  for 
pleasure. 


Hides  solde 
for  forty  shil- 
lings a  piece. 


Great  gi'apes. 
Wine  of  the 
Palme  trees. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

matter,  knowe  it  as  well  or  better  then  I  my  selfe,  and 
do  meane  to  reveale  the  same,  when  cause  shall  require, 
to  such  persons  whom  it  shall  concerne,  and  to  no  other : 
so  that  they  may  seat  &  settle  themselves  in  such 
climate  as  shall  best  agree  with  their  owne  nature,  dis- 
position, and  good  liking :  and  in  the  whole  tract  of  that 
land,  by  the  description  of  as  many  as  have  bene  there, 
great  plentie  of  minerall  matter  of  all  sorts,  and  in  very 
many  places,  both  stones  of  price,  pearle  and  christall,  and 
great  store  of  beasts,  birds,  and  fowles  both  for  pleasure 
and  necessary   use   of  man   are   to  be   found. 

And  for  such  as  take  delight  in  hunting,  there  are 
Stagges,  Wilde  bores.  Foxes,  Hares,  Cunnies,  Badgers, 
Otters,  and  divers  other  such  like  for  pleasure.  Also  for 
such  as  have  delight  in  hauking,  there  are  haukes  of 
sundry  kinds,  and  great  store  of  game,  both  for  land  and 
river,  as  Fezants,  Partridges,  Cranes,  Heronshawes,  Ducks, 
Mallards,  and  such  like.  There  is  also  a  kinde  of  beast 
much  bigger  then  an  Oxe,  whose  hide  is  more  then 
eighteene  foote  long,  of  which  sort  a  countreyman  of 
ours,  one  Walker  a  sea  man,  who  was  upon  that  coast, 
did  for  a  trueth  report  in  the  presence  of  divers  honour- 
able and  worshipfull  persons,  that  he  and  his  company 
did  finde  in  one  cottage  above  two  hundred  and  fortie 
hides,  which  they  brought  away  and  solde  in  France  for 
fortie  shillings  an  hide ;  and  with  this  agreeth  David 
Ingram,  and  describeth  that  beast  at  large,  supposing  it 
to  be  a  certaine  kinde  of  Buffe ;  there  are  likewise  beasts 
and  fowles  of  divers  kinds,  which  I  omit  for  brevities 
sake,  great  store  of  fish  both  in  the  salt  water  and  in 
the  fresh,  plentie  of  grapes  as  bigge  as  a  mans  thumbe, 
and  the  most  delicate  wine  of  the  Palme  tree,  of  which 
wine  there  be  divers  of  ffood  credit  in  this  realme  that 
have  tasted  :  and  there  is  also  a  kind  of  graine  called  Maiz, 
Potato  rootes,  and  sundry  other  fruits  naturally  growing 
there :  so  that  after  such  time  as  they  are  once  setled, 
they  shall  neede  to  take  no  great  care  for  victuall. 

And  now  for  the   better  contentation  and   satisfaction 

114 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING 

of  such  worshipfull,  honest  minded,  and  well  disposed 
Merchants,  as  have  a  desire  to  the  furtherance  of  every 
good  and  commendable  action,  I  will  first  say  unto  them, 
as  I  have  done  before  to  the  Noblemen  and  Gentlemen, 
that  within  the  degrees  abovesayde,  is  doubtlesse  to  bee 
found  the  most  wholesome  and  best  temperature  of 
ayre,  fertilitie  of  soyle,  and  every  other  commoditie  or 
merchandize,  for  the  which,  with  no  small  perill  we  doe 
travell  into  Barbary,  Spaine,  Portugall,  France,  Italic, 
Moscovie  and  Eastland.  All  which  may  be  either  pre- 
sently had,  or  at  the  least  wise  in  very  short  time 
procured  from  thence  with  lesse  danger  then  now  we 
have  them.  And  yet  to  the  ende  my  argument  shall 
not  altogether  stand  upon  likelihoods  and  presumptions, 
I  say  that  such  persons  as  have  discovered  and  travelled 
those  partes,  doe  testifie  that  they  have  found  in  those 
countryes  all  these  things  following,  namely : 


A.D. 
1583. 


Of  beasts  for  furres. 
Marterns. 
Beavers. 

Foxes,  blacke  and  white. 
Leopards. 

Of  wormes. 
Silke   wormes    great    & 
large. 

Of  Birds. 
Hawkes. 
Bitters. 
Curlewes. 
Herons. 
Partridges. 
Cranes. 
Mallards. 
Wilde  geese. 
Stocke  dooves. 
And   sundry  other  strange 


Margaus. 
Blacke  birds. 
Parrots. 
Pengwins. 

Of  Fishes. 
Codde. 
Salmon. 
Scales. 
Herrings. 

Of  Trees. 

Palme      trees      yeelding 
sweet  wines. 

Cedars. 

Firres. 

Sasafras. 

Oake. 

Elme. 

Popler. 
e  Trees  to  us  unknowen. 
15 


A.D. 
1583- 

[III.   176.] 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Of  Mettals. 


Of  fruites. 
Grapes  very  large. 
Muskemellons. 
Limons. 
Dates  great. 
Orrenges. 
Figges. 
Prunes. 
Raisins  ^reat  and  small. 

o 

Pepper. 

Almonds. 

Citrons. 


Golde. 

Silver. 

Copper. 

Lead. 

Tinne. 

Of  Stones. 
Turkeis. 
Rubies. 

Pearls  great   &  faire. 
Marble,  of  divers  kindes. 
Jasper. 
Christall. 


Sundry  other  commodities  of  all  sorts. 


Rosen. 

Pitch. 

Tar  re. 

Turpentine. 

Frankincense. 

Honny. 

Waxe. 

Rubarbe. 

Oyle  Olive. 

Traine  oyle. 

Muske  codde. 


Salt. 

Tallow. 

Hides. 

Hempe. 

Flaxe. 

Cochenello     &     dies    of  [> 
divers  sorts. 

Feathers  of  sundrie  sorts, 
as  for  pleasure  and 
filling  of  Feather- 
beds. 


And  seeing  that  for  small  costs,  the  trueth  of  these 
things  may  be  understood  (whereof  this  intended  supply 
will  give  us  more  certaine  assurance)  I  doe  finde  no  cause 
to  the  contrary,  but  that  all  well  minded  persons  should 
be  willing  to  adventure  some  competent  portion  for  the 
furtherance  of  so  good  an  enterprise. 

Now  for  the  triall  hereof,  considering  that  in  the 
articles  of  the  societie  of  the  adventurers  in  this  voyage, 
there  is  provision  made,  that  no  adventurer  shall  be  bound 
to  any  further  charge  then  his  first  adventure :  and  yet 
notwithstanding  keepe  still  to  himselfe  his  children,  his 

116 


THE    WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

'583. 
apprentises  and  servants,  his  and  their  freedome  for  trade 
and  traffique,  which  is  a  priviledge  that  adventurers  in 
other  voyages  have  not :  and  in  the  said  articles  it  is 
likewise  provided,  that  none  other  then  such  as  have 
adventured  in  the  first  voyage,  or  shal  become  adven- 
turers in  this  supply,  at  any  time  hereafter  are  to  be 
admitted  in  the  said  society,  but  as  redemptionaries, 
which  will  be  very  chargeable :  therefore  generally  I  say 
unto  all  such  according  to  the  olde  proverbe,  Nothing 
venture,  nothing  have.  For  if  it  do  so  fall  out,  accord- 
ing to  the  great  hope  and  expectation  had,  (as  by  Gods 
grace  it  will)  the  gaine  which  now  they  reape  by  traffique 
into  other  farre  countries,  shal  by  this  trade  returne  with 
lesse  charge,  greater  gaine,  and  more  safety  :  Lesse  charge, 
I  say,  by  reason  of  the  ample  and  large  deepe  rivers  at  the 
very  banke,  whereof  there  are  many,  whereby  both  easily 
and  quietly  they  may  transport  from  the  innermost  parts 
of  the  main  land,  all  kind  of  merchandize,  yea  in  vessels 
of  great  burden,  and  that  three  times,  or  twise  in  the  yere 
at  the  least.  But  let  us  omit  all  presumptions  how 
vehement  soever,  and  dwel  upon  the  certainty  of  such 
commodities  as  were  discovered  by  S.  Humfrey  Gilbert, 
&  his  assistants  in  Newfound  land  in  August  last.  For  Commodities 
there  may  be  very  easily  made  Pitch,  Tarre,  Rosen,  Sope  j^gulJ last 
ashes  in  great  plenty,  yea,  as  it  is  thought,  inough  to 
serve  the  whole  realme  of  every  of  these  kindes  :  And  of 
Traine  oyle  such  quantity,  as  if  I  should  set  downe  the 
value  that  they  doe  esteeme  it  at,  which  have  bene  there, 
it  would  seeme  incredible. 

It  is  hereby  intended,  that  these  commodities  in  this 
abundant  maner,  are  not  to  be  gathered  from  thence, 
without  planting  and  setling  there.  And  as  for  other 
things  of  more  value,  and  that  of  more  sorts  and  kindes 
then  one  or  two  (which  were  likewise  discovered  there) 
I  doe  holde  them  for  some  respects,  more  meete  for  a 
time  to  be  concealed  then  uttered. 

Of  the  fishing  I  doe  speake  nothing,  because  it  is  gene- 
rally knowen :  and  it  is  not  to  be  forgotten,  what  trifles 

117 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

they  be  that  the  Savages  doe  require  in  exchange  of  these 
commodities  :  yea,  for  pearle,  golde,  silver,  and  precious 
stones.  All  which  are  matters  in  trade  and  traffique  of 
great  moment.  But  admit  that  it  should  so  fall  out,  that 
the  above  specified  commodities  shall  not  happily  be 
found  out  within  this  first  yeere :  Yet  it  is  very  cleere 
that  such  and  so  many  may  be  found  out  as  shall  minister 
just  occasion  to  thinke  all  cost  and  labour  well  bestowed. 
For  it  is  very  certaine,  that  there  is  one  seat  fit  for 
fortification,  of  great  safety,  wherein  these  commodities 
following,  especially  are  to  be  had,  that  is  to  say,  Grapes 
for  wine.  Whales  for  oyle,  Hempe  for  cordage,  and  other 
necessary  things,  and  fish  of  farre  greater  sise  and  plenty, 
then  that  of  Newfound  land,  and  of  all  these  so  great 
store,  as  may  suffice  to  serve  our  whole  realme. 

Besides  all  this,  if  credit  may  be  given  to  the  inhabi- 
tants of  the  same  soile,  a  certaine  river  doth  thereunto 
adjoyne,  which  leadeth  to  a  place  abounding  with  rich 
substance :  I  doe  not  hereby  meane  the  passage  to  the 
Moluccaes,  whereof  before  I  made  mention. 

And  it  is  not  to  be  omitted,  how  that  about  two 
yeeres  past,  certaine  merchants  of  S.  Malo  in  France,  did 
hyre  a  ship  out  of  the  Island  of  Jersey,  to  the  ende  that 
they  would  keepe  that  trade  secret  from  their  Countrey- 
men,  and  they  would  admit  no  mariner,  other  then  the 
ship  boy  belonging  to  the  sayd  ship,  to  goe  with  them, 
which  shippe  was  about  70.  tunne.  I  doe  know  the 
[III.  177.]  shippe  and  the  boy  very  well,  and  am  familiarly  acquainted 
with  the  owner,  which  voyage  prooved  very  beneficiall. 

To  conclude,  this  which  is  already  sayd,  may  suffice 
any  man  of  reasonable  disposition  to  serve  for  a  taste, 
untill  such  time  as  it  shall  please  almighty  God  through 
our  owne  industrie,  to  send  us  better  tydings.  In  the 
meane  season,  if  any  man  well  affected  to  this  journey, 
shall  stand  in  doubt  of  any  matter  of  importance  touching 
the  same,  he  may  satisfie  himselfe  with  the  judgement  and 
liking  of  such  of  good  calling  and  credite,  as  are  prin- 
cipall   dealers    herein.     For    it    is   not    necessary   in    this 

118 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

1583. 
treatise,  publikely  to  set  forth  the  whole  secrets  of  the 
voyage. 

The  sixt  Chapter  sheweth  that  the  trafRque  and  planting 
in  those  countries,  shall  be  unto  the  Savages  them- 
selves very  beneficiall  and  gainefull. 

NOw  to  the  end  it  may  appeare  that  this  voyage  is  not 
undertaken  altogether  for  the  peculiar  commodity  of 
our  selves  and  our  countrey  (as  generally  other  trades  and 
journeis  be)  it  shall  fall  out  in  proofe,  that  the  Savages 
shall  hereby  have  just  cause  to  blesse  the  houre  when  this 
enterprise  was  undertaken. 

First  and  chiefly,  in  respect  of  the  most  happy  and 
gladsome  tidings  of  the  most  glorious  Gospel  of  our 
Saviour  Jesus  Christ,  whereby  they  may  be  brought  from 
falshood  to  trueth,  from  darknesse  to  light,  from  the  hie 
way  of  death  to  the  path  of  life,  from  superstitious  idola- 
trie  to  sincere  Christianity,  from  the  devill  to  Christ,  from 
hell  to  heaven.  And  if  in  respect  of  all  the  commodities 
they  can  yeelde  us  (were  they  many  moe)  that  they  should 
but  receive  this  onely  benefit  of  Christianity,  they  were 
more  then  fully  recompenced. 

But  heereunto  it  may  bee  objected,  that  the  Gospel 
must  bee  freely  preached,  for  such  was  the  example  of 
the  Apostles :  unto  whom  although  the  authorities 
and  examples  before  alledged  of  Emperors,  Kings  and 
Princes,  aswel  before  Christs  time  as  since,  might  suffi- 
ciently satisfie :  yet  for  further  answere,  we  may  say 
with  S.  Paul,  If  wee  have  sowen  unto  you  heavenly  Corinth.  9. 
things,  doe  you  thinke  it  much  that  we  should  reape 
your  carnall  things  ?  And  withall.  The  workman  is 
worthy  of  his  hire.  These  heavenly  tidings  which  those 
labourers  our  countreymen  (as  messengers  of  Gods  great 
goodnesse  and  mercy)  will  voluntarily  present  unto  them, 
doe  farre  exceed  their  earthly  riches.  Moreover,  if  the 
other  inferiour  worldly  and  temporall  things  which  they 
shall  receive  from  us,  be  weighed  in  equall  ballance,  I 
assure  my  selfe,  that  by  equal  judgement  of  any  indiffer- 

119 


A.D. 
1583. 


This  bargen 
cannot  be  un- 
just, where 
both  parties 
are  gainers. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

ent  person,  the  benefits  which  they  then  receive,  shall 
tarre  surmount  those  which  they  shall  depart  withall  unto 
us.  And  admit  that  they  had  (as  they  have  not)  the 
knowledge  to  put  their  land  to  some  use :  yet  being 
brought  from  brutish  ignorance  to  civilitie  and  know- 
ledge, and  made  then  to  understand  how  the  tenth  part  of 
their  Land  may  be  so  manured  and  employed,  as  it  may 
yeeld  more  commodities  to  the  necessary  use  of  mans  life, 
then  the  whole  now  doeth  :  What  just  cause  of  complaint 
may  they  have  ?  And  in  my  private  opinion,  I  do  verily 
thinke  that  God  did  create  land,  to  the  end  that  it  should 
by  culture  and  husbandry  yeeld  things  necessary  for  mans 
life. 

But  this  is  not  all  the  benefit  which  they  shall  receive 
by  the  Christians :  for,  over  and  beside  the  knowledge 
how  to  till  and  dresse  their  grounds,  they  shal  be  reduced 
from  unseemely  customes  to  honest  maners,  from  dis- 
ordered riotous  routs  and  companyes  to  a  well  governed 
common  wealth,  and  withall,  shalbe  taught  mechanicall 
occupations,  arts,  and  liberall  sciences  :  and  which  standeth 
them  most  upon,  they  shalbe  defended  from  the  cruelty 
of  their  tyrannicall  and  blood  sucking  neighbors  the 
Canibals,  whereby  infinite  number  of  their  lives  shalbe 
preserved.  And  lastly,  by  this  meanes  many  of  their 
poore  innocent  children  shall  be  preserved  from  the 
bloody  knife  of  the  sacrificer,  a  most  horrible  and  detest- 
able custome  in  the  sight  of  God  and  man,  now  and  ever 
heretofore  used  amongst  them.  Many  other  things  could 
I  heere  alledge  to  this  purpose,  were  it  not  that  I  doe 
feare  lest  I  have  already  more  then  halfe  tired  the 
reader. 


The  seventh  Chapter  sheweth  that  the  planting  there,  is 
not  a  matter  of  such  charge  or  difficultie,  as  many 
would  make  it  seeme  to  be. 

NOw   therefore  for  proofe,  that  the  planting  in  these 
parts  is  a  thing  that  may  be  done  without  the  ayde 
of  the  Princes  power  and  purse,  contrary  to  the  allega- 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

I5B3- 
tion  of  many  malicious  persons,  who  wil  neither  be 
actors  in  any  good  action  themselves,  nor  so  much  as 
afoord  a  good  word  to  the  setting  forward  thereof:  and 
that  worse  is,  they  will  take  upon  them  to  make  mole- 
hilles  seeme  mountaines,  and  flies  elephants,  to  the  end 
they  may  discourage  others,  that  be  very  well  or  indiffer- 
ently affected  to  the  matter,  being  like  unto  Esops 
dogge,  which  neither  would  eate  Hay  himselfe,  nor 
suffer  the  poore  hungry  asse  to  feede  thereon : 

I  say  and  afiirme  that  God  hath  provided  such  meanes  [HI.  178.] 
for  the  furtherance  of  this  enterprise,  as  doe  stand  us 
in  stead  of  great  treasure  :  for  first  by  reason  that  it 
hath  pleased  God  of  his  great  goodnesse,  of  long  time 
to  hold  his  merciful  hand  over  this  realme,  in  preserving 
the  people  of  the  same,  both  from  slaughter  by  the 
sword,  and  great  death  by  plague,  pestilence,  or  other- 
wise, there  are  at  this  day  great  numbers  (God  he 
knoweth)  which  live  in  such  penurie  &  want,  as  they 
could  be  contented  to  hazard  their  lives,  and  to  serve 
one  yeere  for  meat,  drinke  and  apparell  only,  without 
wages,  in  hope  thereby  to  amend  their  estates  :  which 
is  a  matter  in  such  like  journeyes,  of  no  small  charge 
to  the  prince.  Moreover,  things  in  the  like  journyes 
of  greatest  price  and  cost  as  victuall  (whereof  there  is 
great  plentie  to  be  had  in  that  countrey  without  money) 
and  powder,  great  artillery,  or  corselets  are  not  needefuU 
in  so  plentifull  and  chargeable  maner,  as  the  shew  of 
such  a  journey  may  present  :  for  a  small  quantitie  of  all 
these,  to  furnish  the  Fort  only,  will  suffice  untill  such 
time  as  divers  commodities  may  be  found  out  in  those 
parts,  which  may  be  thought  well  worthy  a  greater 
charge.  Also  the  peculiar  benefit  of  archers  which  God 
hath  blessed  this  land  withall  before  all  other  nations, 
will  stand  us  in  great  stead  amongst  those  naked 
people. 

Another  helpe  we  have  also,  which  in  such  like  cases 
is  a  matter  of  marveilous  cost,  and  will  be  in  this  journey 
procured  very  easily  (that  is  to  say)  To  transport  yeerely 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

aswell  our  people,  as  all  other  necessaries  needfull  for 
them  into  those  parts  by  the  fleet  of  merchants,  that 
yeerely  venture  for  fish  in  Newfound-land,  being  not 
farre  distant  from  the  countrey  meant  to  be  inhabited, 
who  commonly  goe  with  emptie  vessels  in  effect,  saving 
some  litle  fraight  with  salt.  And  thus  it  appeareth  that 
the  souldiers  wages,  and  the  transportation  may  be  de- 
frayed for  farre  lesse  summes  of  money  then  the 
detractors  of  this  enterprise  have  given  out.  Againe, 
this  intended  voyage  for  conquest,  hath  in  like  maner 
many  other  singular  priviledges  wherewith  God  hath, 
as  it  were,  with  his  holy  hand  blessed  the  same  before 
all  others.  For  after  once  we  are  departed  the  coast  of 
England,  wee  may  passe  straightway  thither,  without 
danger  of  being  driven  into  any  the  countries  of  our 
enemies,  or  doubtfull  friends  :  for  commonly  one  winde 
serveth  to  bring  us  thither,  which  seldome  faileth  from 
the  middle  of  Januarie  to  the  middle  of  May,  a  benefite 
which  the  mariners  make  great  account  of,  for  it  is  a 
pleasure  that  they  have  in  a  few  or  none  of  other 
journeyes.  Also  the  passage  is  short,  for  we  may  goe 
thither  in  thirtie  or  fortie  dayes  at  the  most,  having  but 
an  indifferent  winde,  and  returne  continually  in  twenty 
or  foure  and  twentie  dayes  at  the  most.  And  in  the  same 
our  journey,  by  reason  it  is  in  the  Ocean,  and  quite 
out  of  the  way  from  the  intercourse  of  other  coun- 
treyes,  we  may  safely  trade  and  traffique  without  peril 
of  piracy  :  neither  shall  our  ships,  people,  or  goods 
there,  be  subject  to  arrest  or  molestation  of  any  Pagan 
potentate,  Turkish  tyrant,  yea,  or  Christian  prince,  which 
heretofore  sometimes  upon  slender  occasion  in  other 
parts  have  stayed  our  ships  and  merchandizes,  whereby 
great  numbers  of  our  countreymen  have  bene  utterly 
undone,  divers  put  to  ransome,  yea,  and  some  lost  their 
lives  :  a  thing  so  fresh  in  memorie  as  it  needeth  no 
proofe,  and  is  well  worthy  of  consideration. 

Besides,  in  this  voyage  we  doe  not  crosse  the  burnt 
line,  whereby  commonly  both  beverage  and  victuall  are 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583- 
corrupted,  and  mens  health  very  much  impayred,  neither 
doe  we  passe  the  frozen  seas,  which  yeelde  sundry  ex- 
treme dangers  :  but  have  a  temperate  climate  at  all 
times  of  the  yeere,  to  serve  our  turnes.  And  lastly, 
there  neede  no  delayes  by  the  way  for  taking  in  of  fresh 
water  and  fewell,  (a  thing  usually  done  in  long  journies) 
because,  as  I  sayd  above,  the  voyage  is  not  long,  and 
the  fresh  waters  taken  in  there,  our  men  here  in  England 
at  their  returne  home  have  found  so  wholsome  and 
sweete,  that  they  have  made  choise  to  drinke  it  before 
our  beere  and  ale. 

Behold  heere,  good  countreymen,  the  manifold  benefits, 
commodities  and  pleasures  heretofore  unknowen,  by 
Gods  especiall  blessing  not  onely  reveiled  unto  us,  but 
also  as  it  were  infused  into  our  bosomes,  who  though 
hitherto  like  dormice  have  slumbered  in  ignorance 
thereof,  being  like  the  cats  that  are  loth  for  their  prey 
to  wet  their  feet  :  yet  if  now  therefore  at  the  last  we 
would  awake,  and  with  willing  mindes  (setting  frivolous 
imaginations  aside)  become  industrious  instruments  to 
our  selves,  questionlesse  we  should  not  only  hereby  set 
forth  the  glory  of  our  heavenly  father,  but  also  easily 
attaine  to  the  end  of  all  good  purposes  that  may  be 
wished  or  desired. 

And  may  it  not  much  encourage  us  to  hope  for  good 
successe  in  the  countrey  of  these  Savages,  being  a  naked 
kinde  of  people,  voyde  of  the  knowledge  of  the  dis- 
cipline of  warre,  seeing  that  a  noble  man,  being  but  a 
subject  in  this  realme  (in  the  time  of  our  king  Henry 
the  second)  by  name  Strangbow,  then  earle  of  Chepstow 
in  South  Wales,  by  himselfe  and  his  allies  and  assistants, 
at  their  owne  proper  charges  passed  over  into  Ireland, 
and  there  made  conquest  of  the  now  countrey,  and  then 
kingdome  of  Lynester,  at  which  time  it  was  very  popu- 
lous and  strong,  which  History  our  owne  chronicles  do 
witnesse  ?  And  why  should  we  be  dismayed  more  then 
were  the  Spanyards,  who  have  bene  able  within  these 
few   yeeres  to  conquer,    possesse    and    enjoy    so  large  a 

123 


A.D. 
1583. 

[III.   179.] 


2.  Dec  ad. 
lib.  S-fol-77- 
of  the  West 
hidies,  in 
English. 
Canoa  is  a 
kind  of  boat. 

3.  Decad. 
lib.  i.fol.  97. 
About  the 
yere  of  our 
Lord  I  5 1 1 . 


Conquest  of 
the  West  In- 
dies, fol.  43. 
and  45.  Eng- 
lish, 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

tract  of  the  earth,  in  the  West  Indies,  as  is  betweene 
the  two  tropikes  of  Cancer  and  Capricorne,  not  onely  in 
the  maine  firme  land  of  America,  which  is  47.  degrees 
in  latitude  from  South  to  North,  and  doth  containe 
2820.  English  miles  at  the  least,  that  the  king  of  Spaine 
hath  there  in  actuall  possession,  besides  many  goodly 
and  rich  Islands,  as  Hispaniola,  now  called  S,  Domingo, 
Cuba,  Jamaica,  and  divers  other,  which  are  both  beauti- 
full  and  full  of  treasure,  not  speaking  any  whit  at  all, 
how  large  the  said  land  is  from  East  to  West,  which  in 
some  places  is  accounted  to  be  1500.  English  miles  at 
the  least  from  East  to  West,  betweene  the  one  Sea  and 
the  other. 

Or  why  should  our  noble  nation  be  dismaid,  more 
then  was  Vasques  Nunnes  de  Valboa,  a  private  gentle- 
man of  Spaine,  who  with  the  number  of  70.  Spaniards 
at  Tichiri,  gave  an  overthrow  unto  that  mighty  king 
Chemaccus,  having  an  armie  of  an  hundred  Canoas  and 
5000.  men,  and  the  said  Vasques  Nunnes  not  long  after, 
with  his  small  number,  did  put  to  flight  king  Chiapes 
his  whole  armie. 

Likewise  Hernando  Cortes,  being  also  but  a  private 
gentleman  of  Spaine,  after  his  departure  from  the  Islands 
of  Cuba  and  Acuzamil,  and  entring  into  the  firme  of 
America,  had  many  most  victorious  &  triumphant  con- 
quests, as  that  at  Cyntla,  where  being  accompanied  with 
lesse  then  500.  Spanish  footmen,  thirteene  horsemen  and 
sixe  pieces  of  Ordinance  only,  he  overthrew  40000.  Indians. 
The  same  Cortes  with  his  sayd  number  of  Spanyards, 
tooke  prisoner  that  mighty  Emperour  Mutezuma  in  his 
most  chiefe  and  famous  citie  of  Mexico,  which  at  that 
instant  had  in  it  above  the  number  of  50000.  Indians 
at  the  least,  and  in  short  time  after  obteined  not  onely 
the  quiet  possession  of  the  said  citie,  but  also  of  his 
whole  Empire. 

And  in  like  maner  in  the  Countrey  of  Peru,  which 
the  king  of  Spaine  hath  now  in  actuall  possession,  Fran- 
cisco Pysarro,  with  the  onely  ayd  of  Diego  de  Almagro, 

124 


THE   WESTERN    PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
and  Hernando  Luche,  being  all  three  but  private  gentle- 
men, was  the  principall  person  that  first  attempted 
discoverie  and  conquest  of  the  large  and  rich  countrey 
of  Peru,  which  through  the  ayd  of  the  almighty,  he 
brought  to  passe  and  atchieved  in  the  Tambo  of  Caxa- 
malca,  (which  is  a  large  place  of  ground,  enclosed  with 
walles)  in  which  place  he  tooke  the  great  and  mightie 
prince  Atabalipa  prisoner,  amidst  the  number  of  60000. 
Indians  his  subjects,  which  were  ever  before  that  day 
accounted  to  bee  a  warlike  kind  of  people,  which  his 
great  victorie  it  pleased  God  to  grant  unto  him  in  the  ^  marvellous 
yeere  of  our  Lord  God  1533.  he  not  having  in  his  '^^'^^°^^^- 
company  above  the  number  of  210.  Spanyards,  wherof 
there  were  not  past  threescore  horsemen  in  all  :  after 
the  taking  of  which  prince  Atabalipa,  he  offered  unto 
Pyzarro  for  his  ransome,  to  fill  a  great  large  hall  full 
of  gold  and  silver,  and  such  golde  and  silver  vessels  as 
they  then  used,  even  as  high  as  a  man  might  reach 
with  his  arme.  And  the  sayd  prince  caused  the  same 
hall  to  be  marked  round  about  at  the  sayd  height,  which 
ransome  Pyzarro  granted  to  accept.  And  after,  when 
as  this  mighty  prince  had  sent  to  his  vassals  &  subjects 
to  bring  in  gold  and  silver  for  the  filling  of  the  hall, 
as  aforesaid,  as  namely  to  the  cities  or  townes  of  Quito, 
Paciacama  and  Cusco,  as  also  to  the  Calao  of  Lima,  in 
which  towne,  as  their  owne  writers  doe  affirme,  they 
found  a  large  and  faire  house,  all  slated  and  covered 
with  gold:  and  when  as  the  said  hall  was  not  yet  a 
quarter  ful,  a  mutinie  arose  amongst  the  Spanyards,  in 
which  it  was  commonly  given  out,  that  the  said  prince 
had  politikely  offered  this  great  ransome  under  pretence 
to  raise  a  much  more  mightie  power,  whereby  the 
Spanyards  should  be  taken,  slaine  and  overthrowen : 
whereupon  they  grew  to  this  resolution,  to  put  the 
sayd  prince  to  death,  and  to  make  partition  of  the  golde 
and  silver  already  brought  in,  which  they  presently  put 
in  execution.  And  comming  to  make  perfect  Inventorie 
of  the    same,    as   wel    for    the  Emperour   then  king   of 

125 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583- 

Spaine,  his  fift  part,  as  otherwise,  there  was  found  to 
be  already  brought  in  into  the  sayd  hall,  the  number 
of  132425.  pound  weight  of  silver,  and  in  golde  the 
number  of  1828 125.  pezos,  which  was  a  riches  never 
before  that  nor  since  scene  of  any  man  together,  of  which 
there  did  appertaine  to  the  Emperour  for  his  iift  part 
of  golde  365625.  pezos,  and  for  his  fift  part  of  silver 
26485.  pound  waight,  and  to  every  horseman  eight 
thousand  pezos  of  gold,  and  67.  pound  waight  of  silver. 
Every  souldiour  had  4550.  pezos  of  gold  and  280.  pound 
waight  of  silver.  Every  Captaine  had  some  30000.  some 
20000.  pezos  of  gold  and  silver,  proportionally  answerable 
to  their  degrees  and  calling,  according  to  the  rate  agreed 
upon  amongst  them. 

Francis  Pizarro  as  their  generall,  according  to  his 
decree  and  calling  proportionally,  had  more  then  any  of 
the  rest,  over  and  besides  the  massie  table  of  gold  which 
Atabalipa  had  in  his  Litter,  which  waighed  25000.  pezos 
of  gold :  never  were  there  before  that  day  souldiours 
so  rich  in  so  small  a  time,  and  with  so  little  danger.  And 
in  this  journey  for  want  of  yron,  they  did  shooe  their 
horses,  some  with  gold,  and  some  with  silver.  This  is 
to  bee  scene  in  the  generall  historie  of  the  West  Indies, 
where  as  the  doings  of  Pizarro,  and  the  conquest  of 
Peru  is  more  at  large  set  forth. 
[III.  180.]  To  this  may  I  adde  the  great  discoveries  and  conquests 
which  the  princes  of  Portugall  have  made  round  about 
the  West,  the  South,  and  the  East  parts  of  Africa,  and 
also  at  Callicut,  and  in  the  East  Indies,  and  in  America, 
at  Brasile  and  elsewhere  in  sundry  Islands,  in  fortifying, 
peopling  and  planting  all  along  the  sayd  coastes  and 
Islands,  ever  as  they  discovered :  which  being  rightly 
weyed  and  considered,  doth  minister  just  cause  of  in- 
couragement  to  our  Countreymen,  not  to  account  it  so 
hard  and  difficult  a  thing  for  the  subjects  of  this  noble 
realme  of  England,  to  discover,  people,  plant  and  possesse 
the  like  goodly  lands  and  rich  countreys  not  farre  from 
us,   but  neere  adjoyning  &  offring  themselves   unto   us 

126 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  ad. 

1583. 
(as  is  aforesayd)  which  have  never  yet  heretofore  bene 
in  the  actuall  possession  of  any  other  Christian  prince, 
then  the  princes  of  this  Realme.  All  which  (as  I  thinke) 
should  not  a  little  animate  and  encourage  us  to  looke 
out  and  adventure  abroad,  understanding  what  large 
Countreys  and  Islands  the  Portugals  with  their  small 
number  have  within  these  few  yeeres  discovered,  peopled 
and  planted,  some  part  whereof  I  have  thought  it  not 
amisse,  briefly  in  particular  to  name  both  the  Townes, 
Countreys  &  Islands,  so  neere  as  I  could  upon  the  sudden 
call  them  to  remembrance :  for  the  rest  I  doe  referre  the 
Reader  to  the  histories,  where  more  at  large  the  same 
is  to  be  scene.  First,  they  did  winne  and  conquere  from 
the  princes  of  Barbary  the  Island  of  Geisera  &  towne 
of  Arzila,  not  past  an  140.  mile  distant  from  their 
Metropolitane  &  chiefe  city  of  Fesse :  and  after  that 
they  wonne  also  from  the  said  princes  the  townes  of 
Tanger,  Ceuta,  Mazigam,  Azamor,  and  Azaffi,  all  alongst 
the  Sea  coasts.  And  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord,  1455. 
Alouis  de  Cadomosta  a  Gentleman  Venetian,  was  hee 
that  first  discovered  for  their  use  Cape  Verd,  with  the 
Islands  adjoyning,  of  which  he  then  peopled  and  planted 
those  of  Bonavista  and  Sant  lago  discovering  also  the 
river  Senega,  otherwise  called  Niger,  and  Cape  Roxo 
&  Sierra  Leone,  and  in  a  few  yeeres  after  they  did  dis- 
cover the  coast  of  Guinea,  and  there  peopled  and  built 
the  castle  of  Mina :  then  discovered  they  further  to 
the  countreys  of  Melegettes,  Benin,  and  Congo,  with 
the  Hands  of  Principe,  da  Nobon,  S.  Matthewe,  and  S. 
Thomas  under  the  Equinoctiall  line,  which  they  peopled, 
and  built  in  the  said  Island  of  S.  Thomas  the  haven  towne 
or  port  of  Pavosan.  After  that,  about  the  yeere  of  our 
Lord,  1494.  one  Bartholomew  Dias  was  sent  foorth,  who 
was  the  first  man  that  discovered  and  doubled  that  great 
and  large  Cape  called  de  Bon  Esperanze,  &  passing  the 
currents  that  run  upon  the  said  coast,  on  the  Southeast 
part  of  Africa,  between  the  said  maine  land  &  the  Island 
of  S.   Laurence,  otherwise  called  of  the  ancients,  Mada- 

127 


A.D. 
1583. 


Ceffala 
accomted  to 
he  the  place 
zvhere  the 
noble  and  wise 
king  Salomon 
did  fetch  his 
gold. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

gascar,  he  discovered  to  ye  harbor  named  the  River  of 
ye  Infant.  After  that  since  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  God, 
1497.  and  before  the  ful  accomplishment  of  the  yeere  of 
Christ,  1 5 10.  through  the  travailes  and  discoveries  of 
Vasques  de  Gama,  Peter  Alvares,  Thomas  Lopes,  Andrew 
Corsale,  John  de  Empoli,  Peter  Sintra,  Sancho  de  Toar, 
and  that  noble  and  worthy  gentleman  Alonzo  de  Albu- 
querque, they  did  discover,  people,  and  plant  at  Ceffala, 
being  upon  the  East  side  of  Africa,  in  the  twenty  degrees 
of  latitude  of  the  south  Pole,  and  direct  West  from 
the  Hand  of  S.  Laurence  (at  which  port  of  Ceffala, 
divers  doe  affirme  that  king  Salomon  did  fetch  his  gold) 
as  also  upon  the  said  East  side  of  Africa,  they  did  after- 
ward discover,  people,  and  plant  at  Mozambique,  Quiola, 
Monbaza,  and  Melinde,  two  degrees  of  Southerly  lati- 
tude, and  so  up  to  the  streight  of  Babel-Mandell  at 
the  entring  of  the  red  sea,  all  upon  the  East  coast  of 
Africa,  from  whence  they  put  off  at  the  Cape  of  Guarda 
Fu,  and  past  the  great  gulfe  of  Arabia,  and  the  Indian 
Sea  East  to  Sinus  Persicus,  and  the  Island  of  Ormus, 
and  so  passing  the  large  and  great  river  Indus,  where  he 
hath  his  fall  into  the  maine  Ocean,  in  23.  degrees  and 
an  halfe,  under  the  tropike  of  Cancer,  of  Septentrionall 
latitude,  they  made  their  course  againe  directly  towards 
the  South,  and  began  to  discover,  people,  and  plant  upon 
the  West  side  of  the  hither  India  at  Goa,  Mangalor, 
Cananor,  Calecut  and  Cochin,  and  the  Island  of 
Zeilam. 

And  here  I  thinke  good  to  remember  to  you,  that 
after  their  planting  upon  this  coast,  their  forces  grew 
so  great  that  they  were  able  to  compell  all  the  Moores, 
the  subjectes  of  the  mightie  Emperour  of  the  Turkes 
to  pay  tribute  unto  them,  ever  as  they  passed  the  gulfe 
of  Arabia,  from  the  port  of  Mecca  in  Arabia  Foelix,  where 
Mahomet  lieth  buried,  or  any  of  the  other  portes  of 
the  sayd  land,  ever  as  they  passed  to  and  from  the  havens 
of  Cochin,  Calecut  and  Cananor,  and  by  their  martiall 
maner  of  dicipline   practised   in   those    partes,    the    great 

128 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING  a.d. 

1583. 

and  mightie  prince  the  Sophie  Emperour  of  the  Persians, 
and  professed  enemie  to  the  Turke,  came  to  the  know- 
ledge and  use  of  the  Caliver  shot,  and  to  enterlace  and 
joyne  footemen  with  his  horsemen,  si  thence  which  time 
the  Persians  have  growen  to  that  strength  and  force,  that 
they  have  given  many  mightie  and  great  overthrowes  to 
the  Turke,  to  the  great  quiet  of  all  Christendome. 

And  from  the   Island   of  Zeilam  aforesayd,  they   also 
discovered  more  East  in  passing   the   gulfe  of  Bengala, 
and  so  passed  the  notable  and  famous  river  of  Ganges, 
where   hee  hath   his   fall  into   the   maine   Ocean,  under 
the  tropike  of  Cancer,  and  to  the  Cape  of  Malaca,  and 
unto    the    great    and    large    Islands    of    Sumatra,    Java 
major,  Java  minor,  Mindanao,  Palobane,  Celebes,  Gilolo, 
Tidore,  Mathin,  Borneo,  Machian,  Terenate,  and  all  other  [III.  181.] 
the    Islands    of  Molucques   and    Spiceries,   and   so   East 
alongst    the    coasts   of  Cathaia,    to   the  portes  of  China,   These  are  the 
Zaiton  and  Quinsay,  and  to  the  Island  of  Zipango  and  -f^'^/'^^f^y^^^ 
Japan,  situate  in  the  East,  in  37.  degrees  of  Septentrionall  from  England. 
latitude    and    in    195.    of    longitude.      These    are    their  At  these 
noble  and  worthie  discoveries.     Here  also  is  not  to  bee  Islands  hath 
forgotten,    that    in    the   yere    of  our    Lord,    1501.    that  ^'^.^^^"J^ 
famous  and  worthy  gentleman  Americus  Vespucius  did  ^^^^^  ^^^  ' 
discover,  people,  and  plant  to  their  use  the  holdes  and  fame  of  the 
forts   which   they  have   in    Brasill,   of  whom    (he    being  Queenes  most 
but  a  private  gentleman)   the  whole   countrey   or    firme  excellent  Ma- 
land  of  the  West  Indies,  is  commonly  called  and  knowen  J^^^^^^ 
by  the  name  of  America. 

I  doe  greatly  doubt  least  I  seeme  over  tedious  in  the 
recitall  of  the  particular  discoveries  and  conquests  of  the 
East  and  West  Indies,  wherein  I  was  the  more  bold 
to  urge  the  patience  of  the  Reader,  to  the  end  it  might 
most  manifestly  and  at  large  appeare,  to  all  such  as  are 
not  acquainted  with  the  histories,  how  the  king  of 
Portugall,  whose  Countrey  for  popularity  and  number 
of  people,  is  scarce  comparable  to  some  three  shires  of 
England,  and  the  king  of  Spaine  likewise,  whose  natural 
Countrey  doth  not  greatly  abound  with  people,  both 
VIII  129  I 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

which  princes  by  means  of  their  discoveries  within  lesse 
then  90.  yeeres  past,  have  as  it  appeareth  both  mightily 
and  marveilously  enlarged  their  territories  and  dominions 
through  their  owne  industrie  by  the  assistance  of  the 
omnipotent,  whose  aid  we  shall  not  need  to  doubt, 
seeing  the  cause  and  quarell  which  we  take  in  hand 
tendeth  to  his  honour  and  glory,  by  the  enlargement 
of  the  Christian  faith. 

To  conclude,  since  by  Christian  dutie  we  stand  bound 
chiefly  to  further  all  such  acts  as  do  tend  to  the  encreasing 
the  true  flock  of  Christ  by  reducing  into  the  right  way 
those  lost  sheepe  which  are  yet  astray :  And  that  we 
shall  therein  follow  the  example  of  our  right  vertuous 
predecessors  of  renowmed  memorie,  and  leave  unto  our 
posteritie  a  divine  memoriall  of  so  godly  an  enterprise : 
Let  us  I  say  for  the  considerations  alledged,  enter  into 
judgement  with  our  selves,  whether  this  action  may 
belong  to  us  or  no,  the  rather  for  that  this  voyage 
through  the  mighty  assistance  of  the  omnipotent  God, 
shall  take  our  desired  effect  (whereof  there  is  no  just 
cause  of  doubt.)  Then  shal  her  Majesties  dominions 
be  enlarged,  her  highnesse  ancient  titles  justly  confirmed, 
all  odious  idlenesse  from  this  our  Realme  utterly  ban- 
ished, divers  decayed  townes  repaired,  and  many  poore 
and  needy  persons  relieved,  and  estates  of  such  as  now 
live  in  want  shall  be  embettered,  the  ignorant  and  bar- 
barous idolaters  taught  to  know  Christ,  the  innocent 
defended  from  their  bloodie  tyrannicall  neighbours,  the 
diabolicall  custome  of  sacrificing  humane  creatures 
abolished. 

All  which  (no  man  doubteth)  are  things  gratefull  in 
the  sight  of  our  Saviour  Christ,  and  tending  to  the 
honour  and  glory  of  the  Trinitie.  Bee  of  good  cheere 
therefore,  for  hee  that  cannot  erre  hath  sayd :  That 
before  the  ende  of  the  world,  his  word  shall  bee 
preached  to  all  nations.  Which  good  worke  I  trust  is 
reserved  for  our  nation  to  accomplish  in  these  parts : 
Wherefore    my  deere    countreymen,  be    not    dismayed : 

130 


THE   WESTERN   PLANTING 

for  the  power  of  God  is  nothing  diminished,  nor  the 
love  that  he  hath  to  the  preaching  and  planting  of  the 
Gospell  any  whit  abated.  Shall  wee  then  doubt  he  will 
be  lesse  ready  most  mightily  and  miraculously  to  assist 
our  nation  in  this  quarell,  which  is  chiefly  and  princi- 
pally undertaken  for  the  enlargement  of  the  Christian 
faith  abroad,  and  the  banishment  of  idlenes  at  home, 
then  he  was  to  Columbus,  Vasques,  Nunnes,  Hernando 
Cortes,  and  Francis  Pizarro  in  the  West :  and  Vasques 
de  Gama,  Peter  Alvares,  &  Alonso  de  Albuquerque  in 
the  East  ?  Let  us  therefore  with  cheerefuU  minds  and 
couragious  hearts,  give  the  attempt,  and  leave  the  sequell 
to  almightie  God :  for  if  he  be  on  our  part,  what 
forceth  it  who  bee  against  us  ?  Thus  leaving  the  cor- 
rection and  reformation  unto  the  gentle  Reader,  what- 
soever is  in  this  treatise  too  much  or  too  little,  otherwise 
unperfect,  I  take  leave,  and  so  end. 

A  letter  of  Sir  Francis  Walsingham  to  M.  Richard 
Hakluyt  then  of  Christchurch  in  Oxford,  in- 
couraging  him  in  the  study  of  Cosmographie, 
and  of  furthering  new  discoveries,  &c. 

Understand  aswel  by  a  letter  I  long  since 
received  from  the  Maior  of  BristoU,  as 
by  conference  with  Sir  George  Pekham, 
that  you  have  endevoured,  &  given 
much  light  for  the  discovery  of  the 
Westerne  partes  yet  unknowen :  as  your 
studie  in  these  things  is  very  commend- 
able, so  I  thanke  you  much  for  the  same ;  wishing  you 
do  continue  your  travell  in  these  and  like  matters,  which 
are  like  to  turne  not  only  to  your  owne  good  in 
private,  but  to  the  publike  benefite  of  this  Realme.  And 
so  I  bid  you  farewell.  From  the  Court  the  1 1 .  of 
March.   1582. 

Your  loving  Friend, 

Francis  Walsingham. 
131 


A.D. 
1582. 


A.D. 
1582. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


[III.  182.]  A  letter  of  Sir  Francis  Walsingham  to  Master 
Thomas  Aldworth  merchant,  and  at  that  time 
Maior  of  the  Citie  of  Bristoll,  concerning  their 
adventure  in  the  Westerne  discoverie. 

Fter    my  heartie    commendations,  I    have 
for  certaine  causes  deferred   the  answere 
of  your  letter  of  November  last  till  now, 
which  I  hope  commeth  all  in  good  time. 
Your  good  inclination    to  the  Westerne 
discoverie  I  cannot  but  much  commend. 
And  for  that  sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  as  you 
have   heard   long   since,   hath   bene   preparing  into  those 
parts   being   readie    to    imbarke  within    these   10.   dayes, 
who   needeth   some  further  supply  of  shipping  then  yet 
he  hath,   I  am  of  opinion  that  you  shall  do  well  if  the 
ship  or  2.   barkes  you  write  of,  be   put  in  a  readinesse 
to  goe  alongst  with  him,  or  so  soone  after  as  you  may. 
I    hope  this  travell  wil  proove   profitable  to  the  Adven- 
turers   and    generally  beneficiall    to    the    whole    realme : 
herein    I     pray    you    conferre    with    these    bearers,     M. 
Richard  Hackluyt,  and  M.  Thomas  Steventon,  to  whome 
I  referre  you :  And  so  bid  you  heartily  farewell.     Rich- 
mond the   II.  of  March.   1582. 

Your  loving  Friend, 

Francis  Walsingham. 


132 


A  LETTER   FROM   THOMAS   ALDWORTH 


A  letter  written  from  M.  Thomas  Aldworth 
merchant  and  Maior  of  the  Citie  of  Bristol!, 
to  the  right  honourable  Sir  Francis  Walsing- 
ham  principal!  Secretary  to  her  Majestie,  con- 
cerning a  Westerne  voyage  intended  for  the 
discovery  of  the  coast  of  America,  lying  to 
the  Southwest  of  Cape  Briton. 

Ight  honourable,  upon  the  receit  of  your 
letters  directed  unto  me  and  delivered 
by  the  bearers  hereof  M.  Richard  Hak- 
luyt  and  M.  Steventon,  bearing  date  the 
1 1 .  of  March,  I  presently  conferred  with 
my  friends  in  private,  whom  I  know 
most  affectionate  to  this  godly  enterprise. 


A.D, 
1583. 


especially  with  M.  William  Salterne  deputie  of  our 
company  of  merchants :  whereupon  my  selfe  being  as 
then  sicke,  with  as  convenient  speede  as  he  could,  hee 
caused  an  assembly  of  the  merchants  to  be  gathered : 
where  after  dutiful!  mention  of  your  honourable  dis- 
position for  the  benefite  of  this  citie,  he  by  my  appoint- 
ment caused  your  letters  being  directed  unto  me  privatly, 
to  be  read  in  publike,  and  after  some  good  light  given 
by  M.  Hakluyt  unto  them  that  were  ignorant  of  the 
Countrey  and  enterprise,  and  were  desirous  to  be  resolved, 
the  motion  grew  generally  so  well  to  be  liked,  that  there 
was  eftsoones  set  downe  by  mens  owne  hands  then  present, 
&  apparently  knowen  by  their  own  speach,  and  very 
willing  offer,  the  summe  of  1000.  markes  and  upward: 
which  summe  if  it  should  not  suffice,  we  doubt  not  but 
otherwise  to  furnish  out  for  this  Westerne  discovery,  a 
ship  of  threescore,  and  a  barke  of  40.  tunne,  to  bee 
left  in  the  countrey  under  the  direction  and  government 
of  your  Sonne  in  law  M.  Carlile,  of  whom  we  have 
heard  much  good,  if  it  shall  stand  with  your  honors 
good  liking  and  his  acceptation.  In  one  of  which  barks 
we  are  also  willing  to  have  M.  Steventon  your  honours 

133 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

messenger,  and  one  well  knowen  to  us,  as  captains. 
And  here  in  humble  maner,  desiring  your  honour  to 
vouchsafe  us  of  your  further  direction  by  a  generall 
letter  to  my  selfe,  my  brethren,  and  the  rest  of  the 
merchants  of  this  city,  at  your  honors  best  and  most 
convenient  leisure,  because  we  meane  not  to  deferre 
the  finall  proceeding  in  this  voyage,  any  further  then 
to  the  end  of  April  next  comming,  I  cease,  beseeching 
God  long  to  blesse  and  prosper  your  honourable  estate. 
Bristoll.     March  27.   1583. 

A  briefe  and  summary  discourse  upon  the  intended 
voyage  to  the  hithermost  parts  of  America : 
written  by  Captaine  Carlile  in  April,  1583. 
for  the  better  inducement  to  satisfie  such 
Merchants  of  the  Moscovian  companie  and 
others,  as  in  disbursing  their  money  towards 
the  furniture  of  the  present  charge,  doe  de- 
mand forthwith  a  present  returne  of  gaine, 
albeit  their  said  particular  disbursements  are 
required  but  in  very  slender  summes,  the 
highest  being  25.  li.  the  second  at  12.  li. 
10.  s.   and  the  lowest  at  6.  pound  five  shillings. 

Hen  the  Goldsmith  desireth  to  finde  the 
certaine  goodnesse  of  a  piece  of  golde, 
which  is  newly  offered  unto  him,  he 
presently  bringeth  the  same  to  the 
Touchstone,  where,  by  comparing  the 
shewe  or  touch  of  this  new  piece  with 
the  touch  or  shew  of  that  which  he 
knoweth  of  old,  he  foorthwith  is  able  to  judge  what 
the  value  is  of  that,  which  is  newly  offered  unto  him. 
After  the  example  whereof  I  have  thought  it  good  to 
[III.  183.]  make  some  briefe  repetition  of  the  particular  estate  of 
many  other  forren  voyages  and  trades  already  frequented 
and   knowen    unto  us,  whereby  we    may   be    the    better 

134 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  a.d. 

1583. 
able   to  conceive  and  judge  what   certaine   likelihood  of 
good    there  is   to   be  expected  in   the  voyage,  which    is 
presently  recommended  unto  your  knowledge  and  resolu- 
tion. 

And  first  to  lay  downe  that  of  Moscovia,  whose  Moscovie. 
beginning  is  yet  in  the  remembrance  of  many :  It  is 
well  knowen,  that  what  by  the  charges  of  the  first  dis- 
covery, and  by  the  great  gifts  bestowed  on  the 
Emperour  and  his  Nobilitie,  togither  with  the  leud  deal- 
ing of  some  of  their  servants,  who  thought  themselves 
safe  enough  from  orderly  punishment,  it  cost  the  com- 
pany above  fourescore  thousand  pounds,  before  it  could 
be  brought  to  any  profitable  reckoning.  And  now  that 
after  so  long  a  patience  and  so  great  a  burthen  of 
expences,  the  same  began  to  frame  to  some  good  course 
and  commoditie :  It  falleth  to  very  ticklish  termes,  and 
to  as  slender  likelihood  of  any  further  goodnesse,  as 
any  other  trade  that  may  be  named. 

For  first  the  estate  of  those  Countreys  and  the 
Emperours  dealings,  are  things  more  fickle  then  are  by 
every  body  understood. 

Next,  the  Dutchmen   are   there    so    crept   in    as  they  Dutchmen. 
daily  augment  their   trade  thither,  which  may  well  con- 
firme    that   uncertainty   of  the   Emperors   disposition   to 
keepe  promise  with  our  nation. 

Thirdly,  the  qualitie  of  the  voyage,  such  as  may  not 
be  performed  but  once  the  yeere. 

Fourthly,  the  charges  of  all  Ambassadours  betweene 
that  Prince  and  her  Majesty,  are  alwayes  borne  by  the 
merchants  stocke. 

And  lastly,  the  danger  of  the  king  of  Denmarke,  who  Denmarke. 
besides  that  presently  he  is  like  to  enforce  a  tribute  on 
us,  hath  likewise  an  advantage  upon  the   ships   in   their 
voyage,   either    homewards   or    outwards  whensoever  he 
listeth  to  take  the  opportunitie. 

The  badde  dealings  of  the  Easterlings  are  sufficiently  Easterlings. 
knowen    to    be    such    towards    our    merchants    of  that 
trade,   as   they  doe    not  onely  offer  them  many  injuries 

13s 


A.D, 
1583. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


overlong  to  bee  written,  but  doe  seeke  all  the  meanes 
they  can,  to  deprive  them  wholy  of  their  occupying  that 
way :  and  to  the  same  purpose  have  of  late  cleane 
debarred  them  their  accustomed  and  ancient  priviledges 
in  all  their  great  townes. 

Turkte.  The  traffique  into  Turkie,  besides  that  by  some  it  is 

thought  a  hard  point  to  have  so  much  familiaritie  with 
the  professed  and  obstinate  enemie  of  Christ :  It  is  like- 
wise a  voyage  which  can  not  be  made  but  at  the  devotion, 
and  as  it  were  in  the  danger  of  many  states,  who  for 
sundry  respects  are  apt  to  quarell  with  us  upon  sudden 
occasions,  and  the  presents  to  be  given  away  in  Turkie 
this  yeere,  cost  little  lesse  then  two  thousand  pounds. 

Levant.  As  for  the  trades  into  all  the  partes  of  Italic,  it  may 

easily  be  considered  by  every  one  of  judgement,  that  the 
same  stand  in  the  like  termes  touching  the  passages,  as 
that  of  Turkie,  and  that  many  times  our  shippes  being 
taken  in  the  way  by  the  Gallies  of  Alger,  our  poore  Mari- 
ners after  the  losse  of  their  goods  and  travell,  are  set  at 
such  excessive  ransoms  before  they  can  bee  freed  of  their 
slaverie,  as  for  the  most  part  they  are  no  way  able  to  dis- 
charge. As  for  example,  at  this  instant  there  are  some 
prisoners,  poore  ordinarie  Mariners,  for  whose  releasing 
there  must  be  payed  two  hundred  Duckets  the  man,  for 
some  three  hundred,  yea,  foure  or  five  hundred  Duckets 
the  man  for  some  of  them.  And  how  enviously  the 
Venetians  doe  already  oppose  themselves  against  our  fre- 
quenting into  their  parts,  may  appeare  by  the  late  customs 
which  they  have  imposed  as  well  upon  our  English 
merchandize  which  we  bring  them,  as  also  upon  such 
their  merchandize  which  we  fetch  from  them. 

Barbarie.  The  trade  into  Barbarie  groweth  likewise  to  worse 
termes  then  before  times,  and  when  it  was  at  the  best,  our 
merchants  have  bene  in  danger  of  all  their  goods  they  had 
there,  whensoever  it  happened  the  king  to  die.  For  untill 
a  new  were  chosen,  the  libertie  of  all  disordered  persons  is 
such,  as  they  spoile  and  wrong  whom  they  list,  without 
any  redresse  at  all. 

136 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  a.d. 

1583. 

Touching  Spaine  and  Portugall,  with  whom  wee  have  Spaine. 
very  great  trade,   and   much   the   greater,   by  meanes  of  P°^'^«-S^^l- 
their  venting  a  good  part  of  our  wares  in  their  Indies,  as 
also   of  the  provision  they  have  from  the  same,  where- 
with are  made  many  of  our  returnes  from  them  againe : 
It  falleth  out  that  twise  the  yeere  ordinarily  we  send  our 
Fleetes  into  those  parts :   So  that  whensoever  the  king  of  Remember  the 
Spaine  listeth  to  take  the  opportunitie,  hee  may  at  these  ^l^^u7/^^^-^ 
seasons    deprive    us    not   onely    of   a  great    number   of  ^^.j.  ^^^ 
our    very  good   ships,    but    also    of  our    honestest   and   1598. 
ablest  sort  of  Mariners  that   are    to    bee   found   in   our 
whole   Realme   againe,   which    is   a    matter   of   no    small 
consequence :    for  it  is  to  be  noted,   that  when  hee  shall 
take  a  quarell  in  hand,  though  it  be  but  his  owne  par- 
ticularly, yet  hath  he  the  meanes  to  put  in  hazard  as  well 
those  our  shippes  which   are   in  his  owne   Countreys  of 
Spaine  and  Portugall,  as  also  all  others  which   shall  bee 
bound  to  any  the  partes  of  all  Italic  or  of  Turkie  either. 
And   further    whosoever    hee   bee    that   is    but    meanely 
affected   in   Religion,  as   of  necessitie  becommeth    every 
ordinarie  man  and  good  Christian  to  be,  cannot  but  be 
agrieved  in  his  heart  to  consider,  that  his  children  and  [III.  184.] 
servants  whom  hee  desireth  to  have  well  brought  up,  are 
in   these  trades  of  Spaine  and  Portugall,   and  all   Italie, 
forced    to    denie    their    owne    profession,    and    made    to 
acquaint    themselves   with    that    which    the  Parents    and 
Masters    doe  utterly    deny  and  refuse,  yea  which  many 
of  them  doe  in  their  owne  hearts  abhorre  as  a  detestable 
and  most  wicked  doctrine. 

But  who  shall  looke  into  the  qualitie  of  this  voyage, 
being  directed  to  the  latitude  of  fortie  degrees  or  there- 
aboutes,  of  that  hithermost  part  of  America,  shal  find  it 
hath  as  many  points  of  good  moment  belonging  unto  it, 
as  may  almost  be  wished  for. 

1  As  first  it  is  to  be  understood,  that  it  is  not  any  long  Commodities 
course,  for  it  may  be  perfourmed  too   and  fro  in  foure  °-f^^"  ^"^'^^^ 
moneths  after  the  first  discoverie  thereof. 

2  Secondly,  that  one  wind  sufficeth  to  make  the  pas- 

137 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1583. 

sage,  whereas  most  of  your  other  voyages  of  like  length, 
are  subject  to  3.  or  4.  winds. 

3  Thirdly,  that  it  is  to  be  perfourmed  at  all  times  of 
the  yeere. 

4  Fourthly,  that  the  passage  is  upon  the  high  sea, 
wherby  you  are  not  bound  to  the  knowledge  of  dangers, 
on  any  other  coast,  more  then  of  that  Countrey,  and  of 
ours  here  at  home. 

5  Fiftly,  that  those  parts  of  England  and  Ireland,  which 
lie  aptest  for  the  proceeding  outward  or  homeward  upon 
this  voyage,  are  very  well  stored  of  goodly  harbours. 

6  Sixtly,  that  it  is  to  bee  accounted  of  no  danger  at  all 
as  touching  the  power  of  any  forreine  prince  or  state, 
when  it  is  compared  with  any  the  best  of  all  other 
voyages  before  recited. 

7  And  to  the  godly  minded,  it  hath  this  comfortable 
commoditie,  that  in  this  trade  their  Factours,  bee  they 
their  servants  or  children,  shall  have  no  instruction  or 
confessions  of  Idolatrous  Religion  enforced  upon  them, 
but  contrarily  shall  be  at  their  free  libertie  of  conscience, 
and  shall  find  the  same  Religion  exercised,  which  is  most 
agreeable  unto  their  Parents  and  Masters. 

Commodities         As  for  the  merchandising,  which  is  the  matter  especi- 
ofthe  com-      ^jj     looked   for,  albeit  that  for  the  present  we  are  not 

tre'j  more  then        "^    •      1        1  1  •  1     1  •  1 

tfwse  ofMos-    certamely  able  to  promise  any  such  like   quantitie,  as  is 

covie.  now   at  the  best  time  of  the   Moscovian   trade  brought 

from  thence :   So  likewise  is  there  not  demanded  any  such 

proportion  of  daily  expences,  as  was  at  the  first,  and  as 

yet  is  consumed  in  that  of  Moscovia  and  other. 

But  when  this  of  America  shall  have  bene  haunted  and 

practised  thirtie  yeeres  to  an  ende,  as  the  other  hath  bene, 

I  doubt  not  by  Gods  grace,  that  for   the  tenne  shippes 

that   are  now  commonly   employed   once  the  yeere  into 

Moscovia,   there    shall    in    this    voyage    twise    tenne    be 

imployed  well,  twise  the  yeere  at  the  least.     And  if  for 

the  present   time   there  doe  fall  out  nothing  els   to  bee 

found  then  the  bare  Fishing,  yet  doubt  I  not  after  the 

first  yeeres  planting,    but   by  that  matter   only  to  serve 

138 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  ad. 

1583. 

halfe  a  dozen  of  your  best  sort  of  ships,  although  my 
supply  of  people  doe  not  follow  me  so  substantially,  as  in 
all  reason  may  be  well  looked  for. 

But  when  it  is  asked  what  may  be  hoped  from  thence  ^^<^  severdl 
after  some  yeeres,  it  is  first  to  be  considered,  that  this 
situation  in  fourtie  degrees,  shall  bee  very  apt  to  gather 
the  commodities  either  of  those  parts  which  stand  to  the 
Southward  of  it,  as  also  of  those  which  are  to  the 
Northward. 

In  the  Northerlie  may  be  expected  not  onely  an 
especiall  good  fishing  for  Salmon,  Codde,  and  Whales, 
but  also  any  other  such  commodities,  as  the  Eastern  e 
Countreys  doe  yeeld  us  now :  as  Pitch,  Tarre,  Hempe, 
and  thereof  cordage.  Masts,  Losshe  hides,  rich  Furres, 
and  other  such  like  without  being  in  any  sort  beholding 
to  a  king  of  Denmarke,  or  other  prince  or  state  that  shall 
be  in  such  sort  able  to  command  our  shippes  at  their 
pleasure,  as  those  doe  at  this  day,  by  meanes  of  their 
strait  passages  and  strong  shipping. 

As  for  those  partes  which  lie  West  and  to  the  South- 
wardes,  it  may  well  bee  hoped  they  will  yeeld  Wines  with 
a  small  helpe,  since  the  grapes  doe  growe  there  of  them- 
selves alreadie  very  faire  and  in  great  abundance.  Olives 
being  once  planted,  will  yeelde  the  like  Oyle  as  Spaine, 
Province  and  Italie.  The  Countrey  people  being  made 
to  know,  that  for  Waxe  and  honie,  we  will  give  them 
such  trifling  things  as  they  desire  of  us,  and  shewing 
them  once  the  means  how  to  provide  the  same,  the  labour 
thereof  being  so  light,  no  doubt  but  in  short  time  they 
will  earnestly  care  to  have  the  same  in  good  quantitie  for 
us.  Besides,  what  great  likelihoode  there  is  of  good 
meanes  to  make  Salt,  which  may  serve  for  the  fishing  of  A  lake  of  salt 
those  partes,  may  well  enough  appeare  unto  them,  who  ^'^  f^^^i"-^^  his 
can  judge  the  qualitie  of  such  places  as  are  required  to  ^-^  ^^* 
make  the  same  in. 

Thus  much  for  the  beginning,  because  they  may  bee 
had  with  an  easie  kinde  of  travell :  but  when  it  may  have 
pleased  God  to  establish  our  people  there  any  such  time 

139 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

as  they  may  have  planted  amongst  them  in  sundry  partes 
of  the  Countrey,  and  that  by  gentle  and  familiar  entreating 
them,  they  bee  made  to  see  what  is  better  for  them  then 
they  doe  as  yet  understand  of,  and  that  in  so  many  sorts 
of  occasions  as  were  infinite  to  be  set  downe :  It  is  to  bee 
[III.  185.]  assuredly  hoped,  that  they  will  daily  by  little  and  little 
forsake  their  barbarous  and  savage  living,  and  growe  to 
such  order  and  civilitie  with  us,  as  there  may  be  well 
expected  from  thence  no  lesse  quantitie  and  diversitie  of 
merchandize  then  is  now  had  out  of  Dutchland,  Italic, 
France  or  Spaine.  -And  as  the  bordering  neighbours  are 
commonly  the  aptest  to  fall  out  with  us,  so  these  parts 
being  somewhat  remote,  are  the  liker  to  take,  or  give 
lesse  occasion  of  disquiet.  But  when  it  is  considered 
that  they  are  our  own  kindred,  and  esteemed  our  own 
countrey  nation  which  have  the  government,  meaning  by 
those  who  shall  be  there  planted,  who  can  looke  for  any 
other  then  the  dealing  of  most  loving  and  most  assured 
friends  ? 

There  are  further  to  be  considered  these  two  poynts  of 
good  importance,  concerning  the  matter  of  trade.  The 
one  is,  that  by  the  good  prospering  of  this  action,  there 
must  of  necessitie  fall  out  a  very  liberall  utterance  of  our 
English  Clothes  into  a  maine  Country,  described  to  bee 
bigger  then  all  Europe,  the  larger  part  whereof  bending 
to  the  Northward,  shall  have  wonderfull  great  use  of  our 
sayde  English  Clothes,  after  they  shall  come  once  to 
knowe  the  commodite  thereof.  The  like  will  bee  also  of 
many  other  things,  over  many  to  bee  reckoned,  which 
are  made  here  by  our  Artificers  and  labouring  people,  and 
of  necessitie  must  bee  provided  from  hence. 

The  other  is,  if  there  be  any  possible  meanes  to  finde  a 
sea  passage  or  other  fresh  water  course,  which  may  serve 
in  some  reasonable  and  convenient  sort,  to  transport  our 
marchandize  into  the  East  Indian  Sea,  through  any  of 
these  Northerly  partes  of  America,  it  shall  be  soonest  and 
most  assuredly  perfourmed  by  these  who  shall  inhabite 
and  first  grow  into  familiaritie  with  the  Inland  people. 

140 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  ad. 

1583. 

What  Minerall  matter  may  fall  out  to  bee  found,  is  a 
thing  left  in  suspence,  untill  some  better  knowledge, 
because  there  be  many  men,  who  having  long  since 
expected  some  profits  herein,  upon  the  great  promises  that 
have  bene  made  them,  and  being  as  yet  in  no  point  satis- 
fied, doe  thereupon  conceive  that  they  be  but  wordes 
purposely  cast  out  for  the  inducing  of  men  to  bee  the 
more  ready  and  willing  to  furnish  their  money  towards 
the  charge  of  the  first  discoverie. 

But  nowe  to  answere  some  others  who  begin  with  Objection. 
an  other  objection,  saying :  That  it  is  not  for  the  Mar- 
chants  purse  to  continue  the  charges  of  transporting  and 
planting :  and  that  since  these  hundred  men  which  are 
nowe  to  bee  planted,  will  cost  foure  thousand  pound :  It 
is  then  to  bee  thought,  that  the  charge  of  a  farre  greater 
number,  will  bee  also  a  farre  greater  summe  of  money. 

Whereunto  I  answere,  that  in  all  attemptes  unknowen,  Answere. 
especially  such  a  one  as  this  is,  wherewith  wee  are  pre- 
sently in  hand,  the  first  charges  are  commonly  adventured 
in  more  desperate  kinde,  then  those  that  foUowe  upon 
some  better  knowledge :  and  therewith  it  falleth  out,  that 
whereas  one  adventureth  in  the  first  enterprise,  an  hun- 
dred for  that  one  will  of  themselves  bee  willing  and 
desirous  to  adventure  in  the  next,  if  there  bee  never  so 
little  more  appearance,  that  the  intended  matter  is  by 
some  knowledge  of  our  owne,  found  true  in  some  poynts 
of  our  first  presumption. 

The  examples  are  many,  and  may  easily  bee  remembred  The  ewer  of 
by    those    who    be    Marchants,    even    in    their  ordinarie  YmT^^^- 
and  dayly  trades,   as  well  as  in  extraordinarie   attempts,  J^^.  '^^JJ/ 
which  of  late  yeeres  have  fallen  into  those  termes  of  some  t^o  severdl 
likelyhood,    as    is  aforesayde.      So  then   no   doubt,    but  supplies,  the 
when   certaine   reports  shall  bee   brought   by  them  who  ^'^o 'jeeres  ^ 
directly  come    from   thence,   that    such  a  Countrey  and  ^^;"^VX"^' 
people  they  have  themselves  seene,  as  is  by  us  spoken  of,  latter  was  of 
but  that  then  there  will  come  forwarde  a  greater  number  thirteene  tall 
of  those,  who  nowe  neither  have  heard  any  thing  of  the  ^^^P^- 
matter,    as    also    of    others,    who    presently    make    such 

141 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

frivolous  scruple,  and  will  not  otherwise  be  satisfied,  then 
by  the  report  of  Saint  Thomas.  I  speake  not  this  by  the 
Marchants  whom  for  their  freedoms  of  trade  1  would  not 
have  pressed  to  any  further  charge  then  this  first  prepara- 
tion, but  rather  by  such  as  have  great  affection  to  hazard 
the  changing  of  their  estates,  and  would  be  well  content 
to  goe  in  the  voyage  if  they  might  onely  be  assured  that 
there  is  such  a  Countrey,  &  that  their  money  should  not 
be  wasted  to  nothing  in  the  preparations. 

The  right  examination  of  this  point  must  bee  the  con- 
trary sequell  of  the  common  Proverbe  that  is  used, 
Nothing  venture,  nothing  have :  so  on  the  other  side  by 
venturing,  many  great  good  profites  are  found  out,  to  the 
wonderfuU  benefite  of  the  Common  weale,  and  to  those 
especially  in  private,  who  take  on  them  the  hazard  of  their 
life  and  travell,  or  substance  in  the  first  attempts :  and 
therefore  I  would  wish  that  they,  who  (God  be  thanked) 
are  well  able  to  spare  that  which  is  required  of  each  one 
towardes  the  undertaking  of  this  adventure,  be  well  content 
and  willing  to  imploy  the  same,  since  the  sequell  in  good 
and  substantiall  reason  doth  promise,  not  onely  a  great 
commoditie  in  particular  to  the  Marchant,  who  shall  here 
[III.  186.]  at  home  exercise  the  trade  of  Marchandise :  but  also  to  an 
infinite  number  of  other,  who  presently  live  in  poore 
estate,  and  may  by  taking  the  opportunitie  of  this  dis- 
coverie,  alter  the  same  to  a  far  better  degree.  Where- 
fore to  make  some  conclusion  upon  this  point  of  the 
Marchants  misdoubt,  who  suspecteth  lest  this  first  dis- 
bursement without  returne  of  present  gaine,  should  not 
be  all  his  charge,  but  that  afterwards  he  might  yet  further 
be  urged  to  continue  the  like  again,  as  hath  happened  in 
the  discovery  of  the  Moscovian  trade :  It  may  suffice  to 
consider,  that  this  is  not  an  action  which  concerneth  onely 
the  Marchants  particularly,  but  a  great  deale  more  the 
generall  sort  of  people  throughout  all  England  :  And  that 
when  such  relation  shall  be  returned,  as  that  it  may  bee 
found  a  matter  worthy  the  following,  the  whole  generalitie 
will   not    refuse    to    contribute    towards    the    furtherance 

142 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  a.d. 

1583. 
thereof,   rather    then    it    should   sinke    for   want    of  any 
reasonable  supply. 

But  as  it  is  a  very  little  time,  since  I  have  beene 
throughly  resolved  to  trie  my  fortune  in  the  matter,  so  it 
is  more  then  time  the  preparation  were  in  hand  already, 
and  therefore  no  fit  time  now  to  make  any  number  of 
ignorant  men  to  understand  with  reason  the  circumstance 
that  belongeth  to  a  matter  of  so  great  consideration  and 
importance. 

To  those  who  have  any  forward  mindes  in  well  doing 
to  the  generalitie  of  mankind,  I  say  thus  much  more,  that 
Christian  charitie  doth  as  greatly  perswade  the  furtherance 
of  this  action,  as  any  other  that  may  be  layed  before  us, 
in  as  much  as  thereby  wee  shall  not  onely  doe  a  most 
excellent  worke,  in  respect  of  reducing  the  savage  people 
to  Christianitie  and  civilitie,  but  also  in  respect  of  our 
poore  sorte  of  people,  which  are  very  many  amongst  us, 
living  altogether  unprofitable,  and  often  times  to  the  great 
disquiet  of  the  better  sort.  For  who  knoweth  not,  how 
by  the  long  peace,  happie  health,  and  blessed  plentifulnesse, 
wherewith  God  hath  endued  this  Realme,  that  the  people 
is  so  mightily  encreased,  as  a  great  number  being  brought 
up,  during  their  youth  in  their  parents  houses,  without 
any  instruction  how  to  get  their  livings  after  their  parents 
decease,  are  driven  to  some  necessitie,  whereby  very  often 
for  want  of  better  education  they  fall  into  sundry  dis- 
orders, and  so  the  good  sort  of  people,  as  I  sayde  before, 
are  by  them  ordinarily  troubled,  and  themselves  led  on  to 
one  shameful!  ende  or  other,  whereas  if  there  might  bee 
found  some  such  kinde  of  imployment  as  this  would  be, 
no  doubt  but  a  greater  part  of  them  would  be  withheld 
from  falling  into  such  vile  deedes :  and  in  steade  thereof, 
proove  greatly  serviceable  in  those  affaires,  where  they 
might  be  so  imployed. 

This  I  speake  of  mine  owne  experience,  having  scene  Master  Car- 
divers   come  over  to  the  warres  of  the  lowe  Countreys  ^^^^^  ^f  «^ 
during  my  residence  in  the  same,  who  here  had  beene  very  ^^P^^'^'"" 
evill  and  idle  livers,  and  by  some  little  continuance  with 

143 


nence. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

us,  have  growen  to  be  very  industrious  in  their  facultie, 
which  I  can  assure  you,  was  a  more  painefull  maner  of 
living  then  in  this  action  is  like  to  fall  out,  and  withall  to 
a  purpose  of  farre  lesse  value,  in  respect  of  their  particular 
recompence,  then  with  an  assured  kind  of  good  hope  is 
looked  for  in  this. 

Thus  you  see  in  every  point  that  may  bee  wished  for 
in  a  good  action  and  voyage,  there  is  matter  and  reason 
enough  to  satisfie  the  well  disposed.  But  nowe  to  growe 
somewhat  neerer  the  quicke,  and  to  shewe  you  some 
greater  appearance,  then  hath  beene  yet  spoken  of  touch- 
ing the  trade  which  is  the  onely  subject  wherewith  I  doe 
meane  to  intermeddle  at  this  time,  because  my  addresse 
hereby  is  chiefly  to  men  of  such  like  facultie :  you  may 
understande  by  that  which  foUoweth,  the  circumstance  of 
a  little  discourse,  which  doeth  concerne  these  matters 
very  directly. 

In  the  yeere  1534.  James  Carthier,  of  S.  Malo  made 
his  first  discoverie  of  those  partes  of  America,  which  lie 
to  the  Westwardes,  and  as  it  were  on  the  backeside  of 
Newfoundland.  In  which  voyage  his  principall  intention 
was  to  seeke  out  the  passage,  which  hee  presumed  might 
have  beene  found  out  into  the  East  Indian  Sea,  otherwise 
called  the  passage  to  Cathaya,  but  this  yere  he  went  no 
higher  then  the  Island  of  the  Assumption  in  the  great 
bay  of  S.  Laurence,  and  so  returned  backe  into  France. 

The  next  yeere  following  hee  went  with  greater  pro- 
vision into  the  Grand  bay  againe,  where  he  keping  the 
Northerly  shoare,  ran  up  the  great  River  that  comes 
downe  from  Canada  and  other  places,  untill  at  last  with 
his  small  pinnesses,  (having  left  his  great  shipping  by 
the  way)  he  arrived  at  Hochelaga  towne,  being  three 
hundreth  leagues  within  the  entrance  of  the  Grand  bay. 
In  which  travaile  he  had  spent  so  much  of  the  yeere, 
that  it  was  nowe  the  moneth  of  October,  and  therefore 
thought  it  convenient,  for  the  better  enforming  himselfe 
at  large  in  this  discoverie,  to  winter  it  out  in  those  partes, 
which  he  did  at  a  place  called  by  himselfe  Holy  Crosse. 

144 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  a.d. 

1583. 
This  winter  fell  out  to  bee  a  very  long  and  hard  winter, 
as  many  times  the  like  happeneth  with  us  in  these  partes, 
and  the  savage  people,  who  for  the  most  part  make  but 
a  slender  kinde  of  provision,  even  as  it  were  from  hande 
to  mouth,  fell  into  some  scarcitie  of  victuals ;  yet  did 
they  not  refuse  to  serve  the  Frenchmen,  with  any  thing  [III.  187. 
they  had  all  the  winter  long,  albeit  at  somewhat  higher 
prices  towardes  the  ende  when  the  neede  was  most,  as 
with  our  selves  the  like  happeneth  at  such  times. 

But  when  the  French  had  their  wants  served  all  the 
yeere,  and  that  as  yet  they  sawe  not  any  appearance  of 
their  intended  matter,  which  was  the  discoverie  of  the 
passage,  and  yet  imagining  by  the  signes  wherewith  the 
willing  people  endevoured  to  declare  their  knowledge  in 
that  poynt,  that  some  good  matter  might  bee  had  from 
them,  if  they  might  have  beene  well  understoode,  they 
resoulved  with  themselves  to  take  some  of  the  sufficientest 
men  of  that  countrey  home  into  France,  and  there  to 
keepe  them  so  long,  as  that  having  once  atchieved  the 
French  tongue,  they  might  declare  more  substantially 
their  minde,  and  knowledge  in  the  sayde  passage,  con- 
cluding this  to  be  the  meane  of  least  charge,  of  least 
travaile,  and  of  least  hazard. 

And  when  they  came  to  bethinke  themselves,  who 
might  bee  meetest  for  it,  they  determined  to  take  the 
King,  as  the  person  who  might  bee  best  infourmed  of 
such  partes  as  were  somewhat  remote  from  his  owne 
Countrey,  as  also  that  for  the  respect  of  him,  the  people 
would  bee  alwayes  readie,  and  content  to  doe  them  any 
further  service,  when  it  should  happen  them  to  returne 
thither  againe  about  the  discoverie. 

Thus  the  poore  king  of  the  Countrey,  with  two  or 
three  others  of  his  chiefe  companions  comming  aboorde 
the  French  shippes,  being  required  thither  to  a  banquet, 
was  traiterously  caryed  away  into  France,  where  hee  lived 
foure  yeeres,  and  then  dyed  a  Christian  there,  as  Thevet 
the  French  Kings  Cosmographer  doeth  make  mention. 
This  outrage  and  injurious  dealing  did  put  the  whole 
VIII  145  K 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

Countrey  people   into   such   dislike  with   the   French,  as 

never    since    they    would    admit    any    conversation    or 

The  Trench-     familiaritie    with   them,    untill    of  late    yeeres,    the    olde 

mens  tta  e  u-  ^^^itX&r  beginning;  to  s^row  out  of  minde,  and  being:  the 

Canada,  in      rather  drawen  on  by  gifts  of  many  trifling  things,  which 

the  yeere         were   of  great  value  with   them,  they   are   as   (I    sayde) 

1 581.  within  these  two  or  three  yeeres  content  againe  to  admit 

a  traffique,  which  two  yeeres  since  was  begunne  with  a 

small  barke  of  thirtie  tunnes,  whose  returne  was  found 

so  profitable,  as  the  next  yeere  following,  being  the  last 

yeere,   by   those    Marchants,   who    meant    to    have    kept 

the  trade  secret  unto  themselves,  from  any  others  of  their 

owne    Countrey    men,    there    was    hired    a    shippe    of 

fourescore   tunnes   out    of  the   Isle    of  Jersey,    but    not 

any  one  Mariner  of  that  place,  saving  a  shipboy.     This 

shippe    made    her    returne    in    such    sorte,   as    that    this 

yeere   they  have   multiplyed   three   shippes,   to   wit,   one 

of  nine  score  tunnes,  another  of  an  hundreth  tunnes,  and 

a  third  of  foure  score  tunnes :    which  report  is  given  by 

very   substantiall   and    honest   men   of  Plimmouth,   who 

sawe  the  sayd   shippes   in  readinesse   to   depart  on  their 

voyage,  and  were  aboord  of  some  of  them. 

Here  is  at  this  instant  in  the  towne  a  man  of  Gernesey, 
Lewis  de  Vike,  who  reporteth  to  have  credibly  heard, 
that  by  this  last  yeeres  voyage  the  Frenchmen  got 
foureteene  or  fifteene  hundreth  for  every  one  hundreth  : 
But  how  soever  it  be,  it  carrieth  good  likelyhood  of 
some  notable  profite,  in  asmuch  as  they  doe  so  greatly, 
and  thus  suddenly  encrease  the  burthen  and  number  of 
their  ships  this  present  yeere. 

Nowe,  if  in   so  little  as   two   yeeres  time   this  voyage 

of  the  Northerne  partes  bee  growen  to  such  good  passe 

as  hath  beene  declared  unto  you :  it  is  worth  the  thinking 

The  South  part  on  to  consider  what  may  be  hoped  for  from  the  Southerne 

best  for  in-       part,  which  in  all  reason  may  promise  a  great  deale  more. 

atttngan      ^^^  ^^   ^^  ^^^  ^j^^  ^^^  never  touched  with  any  indirect 

traffique.  .     '     _  •  1  1  ^  ^ 

meanmg,  1  presume  to  wish  and  perswade  you  to  some 
better  taking  of  this  matter  to  heart,  as  a  thing  which  I 

146 


CHRISTOPHER   CARLILE'S   DISCOURSE  a.d. 

1583. 
do  verely  thinke  will  turne  to  your  greater  and  more 
assured  commodity,  then  you  receive  by  any  other 
voyage,  as  yet  frequented  of  so  short  and  safe  a  course 
as  this  hath :  dealing  herein  no  otherwise  with  you  for 
your  severall  small  summes,  then  I  doe  with  my  selfe, 
both  for  more  of  mine  owne,  then  is  required  of  any 
one  of  you :  besides  the  hazard  and  travaile  of  my 
person,  and  the  totall  imployment  of  my  poore  credit, 
which  (I  thanke  God)  hath  hitherto  passed  cleare  and 
unspotted  in  matters  of  greater  importance  and  difficultie, 
then  is  like  to  fall  out  in  this  matter  betweene  you  and 
me. 

Articles  set  downe  by  the  Committies  appointed  [ill.  188.] 
in  the  behalfe  of  the  Companie  of  Moscovian 
Marchants,  to  conferre  with  M.  Carlile,  upon 
his   intended   discoverie  and   attempt   into   the 
hithermost  parts  of  America. 

The  names  of  the  Committies. 


Master  Alderman  Hart. 
Master  Alderman  Spencer. 
Master  Hoddesden. 
Master  William  Burrough. 
Master  Slany. 


Master  Towerson. 
Master  Staper. 
>  -l  Master  John  Castelin. 
Master  Leake. 


Irst  the  Committies  are  well  perswaded, 
that  the  Countrey  whereunto  this  action 
is  intended,  is  very  fruitfuU,  inhabited 
with  savage  people  of  a  milde  and 
tractable  disposition.  And  that  of  all 
other  places  which  are  unfrequented  at 
this  day,  it  is  the  onely  most  fit  and 
most  commodious  for  us  to  intermeddle  withall. 

The  convenientest  maner  of  attempting  this  enterprise 
is  thought  to  bee  thus :  That  there  should  be  one 
hundreth  men  conveyed  thither  to  remaine  there  one 
whole  yeere :   who  with  friendly  intreatie  of  the  people, 

147 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1583. 

may  enter  into  better  knowledge  of  the  particular  estate 

of  the   Countrey,  and   thereby  gather  what   commoditie 

may  be  hereafter,  or  presently  looked  for. 

The  furnish-         Xhe  charge  to  transport  these  hundreth  men,  to  victuall 

tngporth  of     ^j^gj^^  ^^^  ^.q  furnish  them  of  munition  and  other  neede- 

one  yeere  will  ^^^^  things,  will  not  be  lesse  then  foure  thousand  poundes  : 

cost  4000.  It.    whereof  hath  bene  very  readily  offered   by  the  Citie  of 

Bristoll  one  thousand  poundes,  the  residue  being  three 

thousande  poundes,  remaineth  to  bee  furnished  by  this 

Citie  of  London,  or  any  others  who  will  adventure  their 

money  in  this  first  preparation. 

The  Committies  thinke  it  convenient  that  a  Privilege 
should  be  procured  by  Master  Carlile  from  her  Majesty, 
by  vertue  whereof  these  conditions  and  Articles  following 
may  be  effectually  provided  for. 

First,  that  they  who  shall  disbursse  their  money  for 
the  first  preparation,  shall  be  named  Adventurers,  and 
shall  have  the  one  halfe  of  all  such  landes,  territories, 
townes,  mines  of  gold  and  silver,  and  other  metals 
whatsoever,  as  shall  bee  found,  gotten,  obtained,  as  con- 
quered by  this  discovery :  yeelding  to  her  Majestic  the 
fift  part  of  all  such  gold  and  silver,  as  shall  happen  to 
be  had  out  of  any  mines  that  so  shall  be  found. 

That  those  parties  which  doe  employ  themselves 
personally  in  the  present  discoverie,  shall  be  named 
Enterprisers,  and  shall  have  the  other  halfe  of  all  the 
Lands,  Territories,  Townes,  Mines  of  Gold  and  Silver, 
and  other  mettals,  yeelding  to  her  Majestie  the  fift  part 
of  the  Gold  and  Silver,  as  the  Adventurers  do :  The 
same  to  bee  distributed  by  the  Generall,  with  the  consent 
of  the  greatest  part  of  twelve  discreete  persons  to  bee 
chosen  out  of  the  whole  number  of  the  Enterprisers. 

Also,  that  all  trade  of  Marchandise  which  shall  bee 
used  to  and  from  those  partes,  which  by  this  discoverie 
shall  bee  found  out,  shall  appertaine  onely  to  the  Adven- 
turers which  first  shall  disbursse  their  money  for  this 
discovery,  with  prohibition  to  all  other  her  Majesties 
subjects,  and  other  Marchants  to  deale  in  the  sayd  parts, 

148 


MUSCOVY   COMMITTEE'S   ARTICLES  ad. 

1583. 
without  the  consent  of  the  first  Adventurers,  upon  losse 
of  shippe  and  goods,  and  punishment  of  their  persons, 
that    so    shall    adventure    in   trade    of    marchandise :    or 
otherwise  by  imprisonment  at  the  Companies  pleasure. 

That  no  person  shall  hereafter  adventure  in  this  dis- 
coverie  as  Adventurers  for  the  profits  mentioned  in  the 
first  Articles,  but  such  onely  as  doe  disbursse  their 
money  in  this  first  preparation :  and  they  shall  not  adven- 
ture hereafter  any  greater  sum  me,  then  ratably  according 
to  their  proportion  of  this  their  first  adventure. 

Aso,  the  profite  which  by  this  discoverie  shall  be 
attained  unto,  either  by  lande  which  may  bee  conquered, 
or  otherwise  gotten :  as  also  such  profite  which  by  this 
discoverie  shall  bee  obtained  by  mines,  or  otherwise 
gotten,  that  eche  one  shall  have  his  part  rate  and  rate 
like,  according  to  the  proportion  of  their  first  adventure, 
and  not  otherwise. 

The  Adventurers  in  this  first  preparation  shall,  at  their 
owne  free  will  and  libertie,  choose  whether  they  will 
supply  hereafter  any  further  charge  or  not :  if  there 
doe  fall  out  any  such  occasion  to  require  the  same.  And 
yet  withall  shall  for  ever  holde  to  them  the  freedome  of 
the  trade  which  shall  growe  in  any  of  these  partes :  [III.  1 89.] 
notwithstanding  their  sayd  refusall  to  beare  any  further 
charge. 

That  in  the  Patent  which  is  to  bee  obteined,  be 
graunted,  that  all  her  Majesties  subjects  may  transport 
themselves  thither  that  shall  be  contented  to  goe.  And 
that  the  Patentee  or  his  assignes  may  shippe  thither 
from  time  to  time,  so  many  and  such  persons,  men, 
women,  and  children,  as  they  shall  thinke  meete.  And 
the  same  persons  to  inhabite  or  remaine  there  at  their 
pleasure,  any  lawe  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding,  with 
expresse  prohibition,  as  is  mentioned  in  the  third  article, 
against  all  others,  which  shall  go  thither  without  the 
licence  of  the  patentee  or  his  assignes  first  obteined. 

That  it  shall  not  be  lawful  for  any  of  her  Majesties 
subjects,   or    any   other    to    inhabite    or    traffique    within 

149 


A.D. 

1583. 


1591. 

Thefleete  of 
Canada. 


Cape  Rase. 


The  I  ski  ofS. 
Peter. 


Cape  de  Rey. 


The  Isles  of 
Aponas. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

one  hundred  leagues  any  way  of  the  place,  where  the 
Generall  shall  have  setled  his  chiefest  being  or 
residence. 

A   relation   of  the   first  voyage  and  discoverie   of 
the  Isle  Ramea,  made  by  for  Monsieur 

de  La  court  Pre  Ravillon,  and  Grand  Pre, 
with  the  ship  called  the  Bonaventure,  to  kill 
and  make  Traine  oyle  of  the  beasts  called 
the  Morses  v^ith  great  teeth,  v^hich  v^e  have 
perfourmed  by  Gods  helpe  this  yeere   1591. 

Or  the  performance  of  our  said  voyage, 
we  departed  from  S.  Malo  with  the 
fleete  that  went  for  Canada,  and  kept 
companie  with  the  ships  called  The 
Soudil  and  the  Charles  halfe  the  way, 
and  then  lost  them ;  a  violent  wind 
arising  at  Northwest,  which  separated  us. 
After  which  we  had  faire  wether,  and  came  to  the 
coast  of  Cape  Rase,  &  had  no  further  knowledge 
thereof,  because  the  winde  was  at  the  Southwest  but 
a  scarce  gale :  and  we  came  to  the  sounding  Southwest 
of  the  Isles  of  S.  Peter  about  10.  leagues,  where  we 
found  20.  fathoms  water,  and  we  sayled  Northwest 
one  quarter  of  the  North,  and  came  within  12.  leagues 
of  Cape  de  Rey. 

The  next  day  being  the  6.  of  May  1591,  we  were 
come  to  Cape  de  Rey,  &  saw  a  ship  Southwest  off  us, 
and  stayed  there  that  night. 

The  next  day  being  the  seventh  of  the  sayd  moneth, 
we  came  to  the  Isles  of  Aponas,  where  we  put  foorth 
our  boat,  because  we  had  not  past  8.  leagues  to  our 
haven,  which  we  kenned  very  clearly,  although  the 
coasts  lay  very  low :  and  because  the  night  approched, 
and  the  wind  grew  very  high,  we  sought  not  to  seeke 
our  port,  because  it  is  very  hard  to  find  it  when  the 
wind  is  lofty,  because  of  the  shoalds  that  are  about   it. 

150 


THE   ISLE   OF   RAMEA  a.d. 

1591- 
And  we    thought   to  keepe   our  course  untill    the    next 
morning:    between    the    Isle    of    Brion    &    the    Isle    of  The  Isk  of 
Aponas.       But   there    arose    so    great   a    tempest  at   the  ^^^°^- 
Southwest,  that  without  the  helpe  of  God  we  had  bene 
in  great  danger  among  these   Isles.     And   we  traversed 
up  and   downe   eleven  dayes,  making  our  prayers  unto 
God  to  ende  the  tempest  and  to  send  us  faire  weather, 
that  we  might  obteine  our  haven  :  which  of  his  goodnesse 
he    gave    us.      The    last    of    May  we  ranged    the   Isle  ^■^^  ^^^^  9f 
Ramea   on   the  Northnorthwest   side,  unto   the   contrary     ^^^'^' 
part  of  the  land,  where  it  trendeth  to  the  Southsoutheast : 
and   seeing  no  land  on   the  West  side,  wee  ranged  the 
sayd  land  to  the  East  one  quarter  to  the  North  at  the 
least   15.  leagues,  and  being  from  the  shore  some  eight 
leagues,  we  found  1 5  fathoms  water,  and  passed  betweene 
the  Isle  of  Duoron  and  the  Isle  of  Ramea,  where  goeth  '^^^  ^^^^  if 
a  chanell   of  3.   leagues  bredth ;    in    the   midst  whereof     * '''^' 
you    shall    have    7.    8.    and    9.    fathoms    water.       And 
the  lowe  poynt  of  the  Isle  Ramea,  and  the  Isle  Duoron 
lie  Northnortheast,  and  Southsouthwest.     And  take  heede 
you  come  not   neere  the  low  point   of  the   Isle   Ramea 
by  a  great  league,  for  I  have  sounded  it  at  3.  fathoms 
water.     The   Isle   is  marked.     And  the   harbour   of  the 
Isle  Ramea  lyeth  Northeast  and  Southwest,  one  quarter 
to    the    East  and  West.     And   if  you  would  enter  the 
sayd  harbour,   keepe  you   a  league   off  the   shoare :   for 
often  times  there  is  great  danger. 

And    that    you    may    know    the    sayd    haven,    to    the  ^-^^  markes  of 
Eastnortheast    of   the   sayde    Isle    there    are   high    lands  J^^  ^f  ^"^'^  2^ 

J  ^  ,    ^  ,  the  Lsl6j\.ClfH6U 

appearing  to  them  that  are  without  on  all  sides  like  a 
number  of  Islands,  but  in  very  deede  they  are  all  firme 
land :  and  if  you  come  on  the  South  and  Southwest 
side,  you  shall  see  a  hill  divided  into  3.  parts,  which 
I  called  The  three  hillockes,  which  is  right  within  the 
haven.  And  for  another  better  marke  of  the  sayd  har- 
bour, you  shall  see  an  Isle  like  unto  a  Floure  de  lice,  -^n  Isle  like  a 
distant  from  the  sayd  haven  6.  leagues  at  the  least :  and 
this  Isle  and  the  sayd  haven  lie  Northeast  and  Southwest, 

151 


A.D. 
I59I. 


A  banke  of 
sand. 

[III.  190.] 


Cafe  du 
Chapt. 


The  maine  a 
shold  coast. 


Lisle  Blanche. 
The  place 
where  they 
killed  I  500. 
Morses, 


The  Isle 
Hupp. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

a  quarter  to  the  North  and  South.  And  on  the  sayd 
Isle  there  is  good  pebble  stone  to  drie  fish  upon  :  But 
to  the  west  thereof  there  is  a  very  faire  countrey :  and 
there  is  a  banke  of  sand,  which  runneth  the  length  of 
a  cable,  having  not  past  one  fathom  water  upon  it. 
From  the  sayd  Isle  along  the  firme  land  the  coast 
lyeth  East  and  West,  and  you  shall  see  as  it  were  a 
great  forrest  running  eastward :  and  the  Easterne  Cape 
is  called  Cape  du  Chapt,  and  is  great  and  red  toward 
the  Sea.  And  betweene  the  sayd  lands  you  shall  see 
as  it  were  a  small  Island,  but  it  joyneth  to  the  firme 
land  on  the  Southwest  part :  and  there  is  good  shingle 
to  drie  fish  on.  And  you  must  coast  the  shore  with 
boates  and  not  with  ships,  by  reason  of  the  shallowes 
of  the  sayd  coast.  For  I  have  scene  without  Cape  du 
Chapt  in  faire  weather  the  ground  in  two  fathoms  water, 
neere  a  league  and  an  halfe  from  shore,  and  I  judged 
by  reason  of  the  highnesse  of  the  land,  that  there  had  bene 
above  thirtie  fathoms  water,  which  was  nothing  so  :  and 
I  have  sounded  comming  neere  the  shore,  in  more  or 
lesse  depth.  The  coast  stretcheth  three  leagues  to  the 
West  from  Lisle  Blanch,  or  the  white  Isle,  unto  the 
entrance  of  a  river,  where  we  slewe  and  killed  to  the 
number  of  fifteene  hundred  Morses  or  Sea  oxen, 
accounting  small  and  great,  where  at  full  sea  you  may 
come  on  shoare  with  boates,  and  within  are  two  or 
three  fathoms  water.  From  thence  the  coast  trendeth 
foure  leagues  to  the  West  \  to  the  Northwest  unto  the 
Isle  Hupp,  which  is  twentie  leagues  in  circuit,  and  is 
like  the  edge  of  a  knife:  upon  it  there  is  neither  wood 
nor  grasse :  there  are  Morses  upon  it,  but  they  bee 
hard  to  be  taken.  From  thence  the  coast  trendeth  to 
the  Northwest  and  Northnorthwest ;  which  is  all  that 
1  have  scene,  to  wit,  the  two  sides  and  one  ende  of  the 
Isle.  And  if  I  had  had  as  good  lucke  as  my  Masters, 
when  I  was  on  the  Northwest  side  with  my  shippe,  I 
would  have  adventured  to  have  sayled  South-southeast,  to 
have  discovered  the  Easterne  shoare  of  the  sayd  Isle. 

152 


THE   ISLE    OF   RAMEA  a.d. 

1591. 

In  your  returne  to  the  East,  as   you  come  from  the  Sands  and 

haven    of   Cape    du  Chapt    unto    the    sayde    haven,    are  ^holds. 

sandes  and  sholds.     And  three  good  leaa^ues  from  Cape      ^^'^  ■  ^ '^^ 
1        ^,  1  •  11     T  1       J  °  •    •  1  ^      conteininga 

du    Chapt    there   is   a   small    Island    conteinmg  about  a  league  of 

league  of  ground  :  where  there  is  an  haven  toward  ground. 

the   Southeast :    and    as  you   enter   into  the  sayd   haven 

on  the    starreboord  side,   a    dented    Cape    all    of  redde 

land.     And  you   cannot   enter   into  the   said   haven   but  A  hard  haven. 

with  the   flood,   because   of  a  barre   which  lieth   halfe   a 

league  without    the    poynts   of   the    sayd    haven.      The 

tydes  are   there  at  Southeast  and  Northwest ;  but  when 

the  wind  is  very  great,  it  bloweth  much  into  the  haven 

at  halfe  flood.     But  ordinarily  it  floweth  five  foote  and 

an   halfe.     The    markes    to   enter    into    the  sayd    haven  Markes  to 

are   to  leave   the   Isle   Blanche  or  White  Island  at  your  ^"^^  "^^°  ^^^ 

comming   in   on  the  starreboord ;    and  the  poynt  of  the 

haven  towarde  the  West  hath  a  thick  Island,  which  you 

shall   see   on   the  other  side,   and  it  hath  a  little  round 

Buttresse,  which   lyeth   on  the   East  side  of  the  Island. 

There  are  also  two   other   buttresses   more   easie  to  bee 

scene  then  hidden :    these  are   not    to  the  East  but    to 

the  West,   and   they  have  markes   on  them.     Here  you 

shall  not  have  above  two  fathom  and  an  halfe  at  a  full 

sea  upon  this  barre.      And  the  sounding   is   stone    and 

rough   ground.     At    your    entring    in,    when    you    shall 

finde  white  sand  which  lyeth  next   the  Southeast  of  the 

Cape,  then  you  are  upon  the  barre :   and  bee  not  afrayd  The  Barre. 

to  passe   up   the  chanell.     And  for  markes  towarde  the 

West    athwart    the    barre,  when    you    have  brought    an 

Island  even,  which  lyeth  to  the  westward  without,  with 

the  thicke  part  of  the   high  land  which   lyeth   most   to 

the    West,    you    shall    bee    past    the    barre :     and     the 

chanell  runneth    due    North.     And    for  your  anchoring  The  best  an- 

in    the    sayd    haven,   see    that    you    carefully   seeke    the  '^^°^^S^- 

middest  of  the   sayd    Thicke   land,  which    lyeth    in   the 

bottome  of  the  sayd   haven :    for    you  must  anchor   be- 

tweene   two  bankes   of  sand,   where  the    passage    is  but 

narrow.     And  you   must  anker  surely :   for  there  goeth 

153 


A.D. 

I59I. 


Another  en- 
trance. 

The  Isle  of 
Cormorants. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

a  great  tyde :  for  the  Sea  runneth  there  as  swiftly  and 
more  then  in  .     There   is  good  ground  and  ankor- 

age  here :  and  you  shall  ride  in  three  fathom  water. 
And  within  the  sayde  haven  there  is  nothing  to  hurt 
you,  for  you  are  free  from  all  winds.  And  if  by 
chance  you  should  be  driven  Westward  of  the  sayd 
haven,  you  may  seeke  an  entrance,  which  is  right  over 
against  the  small  Island  named  before,  which  is  called 
The  Isle  of  Cormorants ;  and  you  may  enter  in  there 
as  at  the  other  haven  at  a  full  sea:  And  you  must 
passe  upon  the  West  side,  and  you  shall  finde  on  the 
Barre  at  a  full  sea  fourteene  foote  water,  and  great 
depth  when  you  are  entred  in :  for  the  Sea  runneth 
very  swiftly  in  that  place :  and  the  entrie  thereof  lyeth 
Southeast  and  Northwest. 

Right  over  against  you  on  the  other  side,  you  may 
passe  with  boates  at  a  full  sea.  And  all  these  entrances 
make  all  but  one  haven,  which  is  good  within.  I  say 
this,  because  I  have  passed  into  the  maine  Sea  by  the 
one  and  the  other  passage.  And  the  said  Isle  is  not 
past  two  leagues  over  in  the  middest.  It  is  but  two 
bankes  of  sande,  whereof  one  is  like  to  that  of  S.  Malo, 
which  let  the  Sea  from  passing  through  the  middest  of 
all  the  Isle :  But  the  two  endes  are  high  mountaines 
with  Islands  altogether  cut  and  separated  with  streames 
and  rivers. 

To  anker  in  the  sayd  harbour,  you  must  not  ride 
farther  then  five  or  sixe  cables  length  from  the  sayd 
haven. 


154 


A   LETTER   FROM   THOMAS   JAMES  a.d. 

A  letter  sent  to  the  right  Honorable  Sir  William  [ill.  191.] 
Cecill  Lord  Burghley,  Lord  high  Treasurer  of 
England    &c.      From    M.   Thomas   James    of 
Bristoll,  concerning  the  discoverie  of  the  Isle 
of  Ramea,  dated  the   14  of  September.    1591. 


Ight  Honourable,  my  humble  duetie  to 
your  good  Lordship  done,  I  thought 
good  humbly  to  advertise  your  honour 
of  the  discovery  of  an  Island  made  by 
two  smal  shippes  of  Saint  Malo ;  the 
one  8  daies  past  being  prised  neare 
Silley,  by  a  ship  of  which  I  am  part 
owner,  called  the  Pleasure,  sent  by  this  citie  to  my 
Lord  Thomas  Howard,  for  her  Majesties  service.  Which 
prise  is  sent  backe  to  this  Port  by  those  of  the  sayd 
shippes,  with  upwards  of  fortie  tunnes  of  Traine.  The 
Island  lyeth  in  47.  degrees,  some  fiftie  leagues  from 
the  grand  Bay,  neere  Newfoundland :  and  is  about 
twentie  leagues  about,  and  some  part  of  the  Island  is 
flat  Sands  and  shoulde :  and  the  fish  commeth  on 
banke  (to  do  their  kinde)  in  April  May  &  June,  by 
numbers  of  thousands,  which  fish  is  very  big :  and  hath 
two  great  teeth :  and  the  skinne  of  them  is  like  Buff^es 
leather :  and  they  will  not  away  from  their  yong  ones. 
The  yong  ones  are  as  good  meat  as  Veale.  And  with 
the  bellies  of  five  of  the  saide  fishes  they  make  a 
hogshead  of  Traine,  which  Traine  is  very  sweet,  which 
if  it  will  make  sope,  the  king  of  Spaine  may  burne 
some  of  his  Olive  trees.  Humbly  praying  your  Lord- 
ship to  pardon  herein  my  boldnes,  betaking  your  Honour 
to  the  keeping  of  the  Almightie.  From  Bristoll,  this 
14  of  September.   1591. 

Your  Honours  most  humbly  at  commandement. 

Thomas  James. 

[A  briefe 
155 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1591- 

A  briefe  note  of  the   Morsse  and  the  use  thereof. 


N  the  first  voyage  of  Jaques  Carthier,  wherein 
he  discovered  the  Gulfe  of  S.  Laurence  and  the 
said  Isle  of  Ramea,  in  the  yeere  1534,  as  you 
may  reade  in  pag.  205  of  this  present  volume,  he  met  with 
these  beasts,  as  he  witnesseth  in  these  words.  About  the 
said  Island  are  very  great  beasts  as  great  as  oxen,  which 
have  two  great  teeth  in  their  mouthes  like  unto  Elephants 
teeth,  and  live  also  in  the  sea.  Wee  sawe  one  of  them 
sleeping  upon  the  banke  of  the  water,  and  thinking  to 
take  it,  we  went  to  it  with  our  boates,  but  so  soone 
as  he  heard  us,  he  cast  himselfe  into  the  sea.  Touch- 
ing these  beasts  which  Jaques  Carthier  saith  to  be  as 
big  as  Oxen  and  to  have  teeth  in  their  mouthes  like 
Elephants  teeth :  True  it  is  that  they  are  called  in 
Latin  Boves  Marini,  or  Vaccae  Marinae,  &  in  the  Rus- 
sian tongue  Morsses,  the  hides  whereof  I  have  seene 
as  big  as  any  Oxe  hide,  and  being  dressed  I  have  yet 
a  piece  of  one  thicker  then  any  two  Oxe  or  Buls 
hides  in  England.  The  Leatherdressers  take  them  to 
be  excellent  good  to  make  light  targets  against  the 
arrowes  of  the  Savages;  and  I  hold  them  farre  better 
then  the  light  leather  targets  which  the  Moores  use  in 
Barbarie  against  arrowes  and  lances,  whereof  I  have 
seene  divers  in  her  Majesties  stately  Armorie  in  the 
towre  of  London.  The  teeth  of  the  sayd  fishes,  whereof 
I  have  seene  a  dryfat  full  at  once,  are  a  foote  and 
some  times  more  in  length :  &  have  bene  sold  in 
England  to  the  combe  &  knife-makers,  at  8  groats 
and  3  shillings  the  pound  weight,  whereas  the  best 
Ivory  is  sold  for  halfe  the  money:  the  graine  of  the 
bone  is  somewhat  more  yellow  then  the  Ivorie.  One 
M.  Alexander  Woodson  of  Bristoll  my  old  friend,  an 
excellent  Mathematician  and  skilful  Phisition,  shewed 
me  one  of  these  beasts  teeth  which  were  brought  from 
the  Isle  of  Ramea  in  the  first  prize,  which  was  half  a 
yard  long  or  very  litle  lesse :   and  assured  mee  that  he 

156 


RICHARD  STRONG 

had  made  tryall  of  it  in  ministring  medicine  to  his 
patients,  and  had  found  it  as  soveraigne  against  poyson 
as  any  Unicornes  home. 

The  voyage  of  the  ship  called  the  Marigold  of 
M.  Hill  of  Redrife  unto  Cape  Briton  and 
beyond  to  the  latitude  of  44  degrees  and  an 
half,  1593  Written  by  Richard  fisher  Master 
Hilles  man  of  Redriffe. 

He  ship  called  the  Marigold  of  70 
tunnes  in  burthen  furnished  with  20 
men,  wherof  10  were  Mariners,  the 
Masters  name  being  Richard  Strong  of 
Apsham,  the  Masters  mate  Peter  Lang- 
worth  of  Apsham,  with  3  coopers,  2 
butchers  to  flea  the  Morsses  or  sea 
Oxen  (whereof  divers  have  teeth  above  a  cubit  long  & 
skinnes  farre  thicker  then  any  buls  hide)  with  other 
necessary  people,  departed  out  of  Falmouth  the  i  of 
June  1593  in  consort  of  another  ship  of  M.  Drakes 
of  Apsham,  which  upon  some  occasion  was  not  ready 
so  soone  as  shee  should  have  bene  by  two  moneths. 
The  place  for  which  these  two  ships  were  bound  was 
an  Island  within  the  streightes  of  Saint  Peter  on  the 
backe  side  of  Newfoundland  to  the  Southwest  in  the 
latitude  of  fortie  seven  degrees,  called  by  the  Britons 
of  Saint  Malo  the  Isle  of  Ramea,  but  by  the  Savages 
and  naturals  of  the  Continent  next  adjoyning,  Menquit : 
On  which  Isle  are  so  great  abundance  of  the  huge 
and  mightie  Sea  Oxen  with  great  teeth  in  the  moneths 
of  April,  May  and  June,  that  there  have  bene  fifteene 
hundreth  killed  there  by  one  small  barke,  in  the  yeere 
1 59 1,  The  two  English  shipps  aforesayde,  lost  com- 
panie  before  they  came  to  Newfoundland :  and  never 
came  after  together  in  all  their  voyage. 

The   ship  of  M.   George  Drake  fell  first  with  New- 
foundland,  and  afterward  very  directly  came  to  the  Isle 

157 


A.D. 

1593- 


The  voyage  of 
M.  Drake  of 
Apsham  to 
Ramea. 


[III.  192.] 

The  Isle  of 
Ramea,  or 
Menquit. 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1593- 

Ramea,  though  too  late  in  the  yeere  to  make  her 
voyage :  where  shee  found  a  shippe  of  Saint  Malo 
three  parts  fraighted  with  these  fishes :  the  men  whereof 
enquiring  whence  our  shippe  was  and  who  was  the  Master 
thereof,  being  answered  that  shee  was  belonging  to 
Master  George  Drake  of  Apsham,  fearing  to  bee  taken 
as  good  prize  being  of  a  Leaguer  towne,  and  at 
that  time  out  of  league  with  England,  fled  so  hastily 
that  present  night  that  they  left  three  and  twentie 
men  and  three  Shallops  behinde  them,  all  which  our 
men  seazed  upon  and  brought  away  as  good  prises 
home. 

Here  our  men  tooke  certaine  Sea-oxen,  but  nothing 
such  numbers  as  they  might  have  had,  if  they  had  come 
in  due  season,  which  they  had  neglected.  The  shippe 
called  the  Marigolde  fell  with  Cape  Saint  Francis  in 
Newfoundland  the  eleventh  of  Julie,  and  from  thence  wee 
went  into  the  Bay  Rogneuse,  and  afterward  doubled  Cape 
Razo,  and  sayling  toward  the  straight  of  Saint  Peter 
(which  is  the  entrance  betweene  Newfoundland  and  Cape 
Briton,)  being  unacquainted  with  the  place,  beate  up  and 
downe  a  very  long  time,  and  yet  missed  it,  and  at  length 
over  shot  it,  and  fell  with  Cape  Briton. 
The  English  Here  diverse  of  our  men  went  on  land  upon  the  very 

men  land  upon  Q^pg^  where,  at  their  arrivall  they  found  the  spittes  of 
ape     n  on.  (y^^  ^^  ^^  Savages  which  had  roasted  meate  a  litle  before. 
And  as  they  viewed  the  countrey  they  sawe  divers  beastes 
and  foules,  as  blacke  Foxes,  Deere,  Otters,  great  Foules 
with  redde  legges,  Pengwyns,  and  certaine  others.     But 
having  found   no   people  here   at  this   our  first  landing 
wee  went  againe  on  shipboorde,  and  sayled  farther  foure 
leagues   to  the  West  of  Cape  Briton,   where    wee   sawe 
The'j  goe  on      many   Scales.     And    here   having   neede   of   fresh    water 
shore  in  an-      ^^  went  againe  on  shore.     And  passing  somewhat  more 
*       into  the  land,  wee  founde  certaine  round  pondes  artifici- 
ally made  by  the  Savages  to  keepe  fish  in,  with  certaine 
weares  in  them  made  to  take  fish.     To  these  pondes  wee 
repayred  to  fill  our  caske  with  water.     Wee  had  not  bene 

158 


RICHARD   STRONG  ad. 

1593- 
long  here,  but  there  came  one  Savage  with  blacke  long  The  people  of 

hayre  hanging  about  his  shoulders  who  called  unto  us,  ^^^  countrey 

^     •        1-11        1  j^  1       1-1     11-  •         ^^^^  aozvne  to 

weaving  his  handes  downewarde  towardes  his  bellie,  using  ^^^  ^^^ 

these  wordes,  Calitogh  Calitogh  :  as  wee  drewe  towardes 
him  one  of  our  mens  musket  unawares  shot  ofF:  where- 
upon hee  fell  downe,  and  rising  up  suddenly  againe  hee 
cryed  thrise  with  a  loude  voyce  Chiogh,  Chiogh,  Chiogh. 
Thereupon  nine  or  tenne  of  his  fellowes  running  right  up 
over  the  bushes  with  great  agilitie  and  swiftnesse  came 
towardes  us  with  white  staves  in  their  handes  like  halfe 
pikes,  and  their  dogges  of  colour  blacke  not  so  bigge  Blacke  dogs. 
as  a  greyhounde  followed  them  at  the  heeles ;  but  wee 
retired  unto  our  boate  without  any  hurt  at  all  received. 
Howbeit  one  of  them  brake  an  hogshead  which  wee 
had  filled  with  fresh  water,  with  a  great  branche  of  a 
tree  which  lay  on  the  ground.  Upon  which  occasion 
we  bestowed  halfe  a  dousen  muskets  shotte  upon  them, 
which  they  avoyded  by  falling  flatte  to  the  earth,  and 
afterwarde  retired  themselves  to  the  woodes.  One  of  the 
Savages,  which  seemed  to  bee  their  Captaine,  ware  a  long 
mantle  of  beastes  skinnes  hanging  on  one  of  his  shoulders. 
The  rest  were  all  naked  except  their  privities,  which  were 
covered  with  a  skinne  tyed  behinde.  After  they  had 
escaped  our  shotte  they  made  a  great  fire  on  the  shore, 
belike  to  give  their  fellowes  warning  of  us. 

The  kindes  of  trees  that  wee  noted  to  bee  here,  were 
goodly  Okes,  Firre  trees  of  a  great  height,  a  kinde  of 
tree    called    of  us    Quickbeame,    and    Cherie  trees,   and 
diverse  other  kindes  to  us  unknowne,  because  wee  stayed 
not  long  with  diligence   to  observe  them :  and  there   is 
great   shewe  of  rosen,   pitch,  and  tarre.     Wee  found   in 
both  the  places  where  wee  went  on  land  abundance   of 
Raspeses,  Strawberies,  Hurtes,  and  herbes  of  good  smell, 
and  divers  good  for  the  skurvie,  and  grasse  very  ranke 
and  of  great  length.    Wee  sawe  five  or  sixe  boates  sayling  ^  secret  trade 
to  the  South westwardes  of  Cape  Briton,  which  wee  judged  ^^  ^^^  ^°"'^~ 
to  bee  Christians,  which  had  some  trade  that  way.     Wee  ^%g„     ^^^ 
sawe  also,  while  wee  were  on  shore,  the  manner  of  their 

159 


A.D, 

1593- 


Soundings  to 
the  South  and 
Southwest- 
ward  of  Cape 

Briton. 

[III.  193.] 

They  sayk  50 
or  60  leagues 
to  the  South  : 


West  of  Cape 
Briton. 

Great  store  of 
Seales,  Por- 
poses.  Whales 
and  Cods. 


They  continue 
on  the  coast 
from  Cape 
Briton  West- 
wards full 
eleven  weekes. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

hanging  up  of  their  fish  and  flesh  with  withes  to  dry 
in  the  ayre  :  they  also  lay  them  upon  raftes  and  hurdles 
and  make  a  smoake  under  them,  or  a  softe  fire,  and 
so  drie  them  as  the  Savaofes  use  to  doe  in  Virmnia. 

While  wee  lay  foure  leagues  South  of  Cape  Briton 
wee  sounded  and  had  sixtie  fathomes  black  ozie  ground. 
And  sayling  thence  Westwarde  nine  or  ten  leagues  oflF 
the  shore,  we  had  twenty  foure  fathomes  redde  sande,  and 
small  whitish  stones.  Wee  continued  our  course  so  farre 
to  the  Southwest,  that  wee  brought  our  selves  into  the 
latitude  of  fourtie  foure  degrees  and  an  half,  having  sayled 
fiftie  or  sixtie  leagues  to  the  Southwest  of  Cape  Briton. 
We  found  the  current  betwene  this  Cape  Briton  and 
Cape  Rey  to  set  out  toward  the  Eastsoutheast.  In  our 
course  to  the  West  of  Cape  Briton  we  saw  exceeding 
great  store  of  seales,  and  abundance  of  Porposes,  whereof 
we  killed  eleven.  We  sawe  Whales  also  of  all  sortes 
aswell  small  as  great :  and  here  our  men  tooke  many 
berded  Coddes  with  one  teate  underneath,  which  are 
like  to  the  Northeast  Cods,  and  better  then  those  of 
Newfoundland. 

From  our  arrivall  at  the  haven  of  Saint  Francis  in  New- 
foundland, (which  was  as  is  aforesayde  the  eleventh  of 
July)  we  continued  beating  up  and  downe  on  the  coast 
of  Arambec  to  the  West  and  Southwest  of  Cape  Briton 
untill  the  twentie  eight  of  September,  fully  by  the  space 
of  eleven  weekes :  and  then  by  the  perswasion  of  our 
Master  and  certaine  others  wee  shaped  our  course 
homeward  by  the  Isles  of  the  A9ores,  and  came  first  to 
Corvo  and  Flores,  where  beating  up  and  downe,  and 
missing  of  expected  pray,  we  sayled  by  Tercera,  and 
from  thence  to  Saint  Michael,  where  we  sought  to 
boorde  a  Portugall  shippe,  which  we  found  too  well 
appointed  for  us  to  bring  along  with  us,  and  so  being 
forced  to  leave  them  behinde  and  having  wasted  all 
our  victuals,  wee  were  constrained  against  our  willes 
to  hasten  home  unto  our  narrowe  Seas :  but  it  was 
the  two  and   twentieth  of  December  before   wee  could 

160 


RICHARD  STRONG  a.d. 

1593- 
get  into  the  Downes :  where  for  lacke  of  winde  wee  kept 
our   Christmas  with   dry  breade    onely   for    dropping  of 
our  clothes.     One   thing  very  strange   hapened  in    this  -^^  ^"■S^ 
voyage :  to  witte,  that  a  mightie  great  Whale   followed       jIl^^^'i.- 

•^    o  '  to  to  sued  their  ship 

our  shippe  by  the  space  or  many  dayes  as  we  passed  by  ^j,  ^^^  sp^ce  of 
Cape  Razo,  which  by  no  meanes  wee  coulde  chase  from  many  dayes, 
our  ship,  untill  one  of  our  men  fell  overboord  and  was  till  one  of  their 
drowned,  after  which  time  shee  immediatly  forsooke  us,  ^^^Jf   °'^^^' 

-,  r  ^  ^  OOOrd. 

and  never  afterward  appeared  unto  us. 

A  briefe  note  concerning  the  voyage  of  M.  George 
Drake  of  Apsham  to  Isle  of  Ramea  in  the 
aforesayd  yere   1593. 

N  the  beginning  of  the  former  relation  written  by 
Richard  Fisher  servant  to  the  worshipfuU  Master 
Hill  of  Redriffe  is,  as  you  reade,  a  briefe  reporte 


of  their  loosing  of  their  consort  the  shippe  of  Master 
George  Drake  of  Apsham :  which  though  shee  came 
directly  to  the  Isle  of  Ramea,  yet  because  shee  was  not 
ready  so  soone  by  two  moneths  as  she  ought  to  have 
bene,  she  was  not  onely  the  hinderance  of  her  consort  the 
Marigolde,  &  lost  the  season  of  the  yere  for  the  making 
of  her  voyage  of  killing  the  Morses  or  Sea  Oxen,  which 
are  to  be  taken  in  Aprill,  May,  and  June  :  but  also  suffered 
the  fit  places  and  harboroughs  in  the  Isle  which  are  but 
two,  as  farre  as  I  can  learne,  to  be  forestalled  and  taken 
up  by  the  Britons  of  Saint  Malo  and  the  Baskes  of  Saint 
John  de  Luz,  by  comming  a  day  after  the  Fayre,  as 
wee  say.  Which  lingering  improvidence  of  our  men 
hath  bene  the  overthrowe  of  many  a  worthy  enterprize 
and  of  the  undertakers  of  the  same. 

The  relation  of  this  voyage  at  large  I  was  promised 
by  the  Authour  himselfe :  but  the  same  not  comming 
to  my  handes  in  tyme  I  am  constrained  to  leave  it  out. 
The  want  whereof,  for  the  better  understanding  of  the 
state  of  the  sayde  Island,  the  frequenting  of  that  gainefuU 
trade  by  the  aforesayd  nations  of  the  Britons  and  Baskes, 
may  in  part  be  supplyed  by  the  voyage  of  Master  Charles 
vm  161  L 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1593- 

Leigh  to  the  sayde  Island  of  Ramea  :  which  also  comming 
much  too  late  thither,  as  Master  George  Drake  had  done, 
was  wholly  prevented  and  shutte  out  to  his  and  his 
friendes  no  small  detriment  and  mischiefe,  and  to  the 
discouraging  of  others  hereafter  in  the  sayd  gainefull  and 
profitable  trade. 

Neverthelesse  albeit  hitherto  the  successe  hath  not 
answered  our  expectation  through  our  owne  default,  as 
is  abovesaid,  yet  I  was  very  willing  to  set  downe  in  briefe 
and  homely  stile  some  mention  of  these  three  voyages 
of  our  owne  men.  The  first  of  M.  George  Drake,  the 
second  of  M.  Silvester  Wyet,  the  third  of  M.  Charles 
Leigh,  because  they  are  the  first,  for  ought  that  hitherto 
is  come  to  my  knowledge,  of  our  own  Nation,  that  have 
conducted  English  ships  so  farre  within  this  gulfe  of 
S.  Laurence,  and  have  brought  us  true  relation  of  the 
manifold  gaine  which  the  French,  Britaynes,  Baskes,  and 
Biskaines  do  yerely  returne  from  the  sayd  partes ;  while 
wee  this  long  time  have  stood  still  and  have  bene  idle 
lookers  on,  making  courtisie  who  should  give  the  first 
adventure,  or  once  being  given,  who  should  continue  or 
prosecute  the  same. 

[III.  194.]  The  voyage  of  the  Grace  of  Bristol  of  M.  Rice 
Jones,  a  Barke  of  thirty  five  Tunnes,  up  into 
the  Bay  of  Saint  Laurence  to  the  Northwest  of 
Newefoundland,  as  farre  as  the  Isle  of  Assump- 
tion or  Natiscotec,  for  the  barbes  or  fynnes  of 
Whales  and  traine  Oyle,  made  by  Silvester 
Wyet,  Shipmaster  of  Bristoll. 

j[^|Ee  departed  with  the  aforesaid  Barke  manned 
with  twelve  men  for  the  place  aforesaid  from 
Bristoll  the  4  of  Aprill  1594.  and  fell  with  Cape 


d'Espere  on  the  coast  of  Newefoundland  the  nineteneth 
of  May  in  the  height  of  47.  We  went  thence  for  Cape 
Raz,  being  distant  from  thence  18  or  19  leagues,  the 
very  same  day. 

162 


SILVESTER   WYET  ad. 

1594- 

The  20.  day  we  were  thwart  of  Cape  Raz.  Cape  Raz. 

Then  we  set  our  course  Northwest  for  Cape  S.  Marie,  Cape  S. 
which  is  distant  from  Cape  Raz  19  leagues,  and  is  on  the  ^^'■^"^• 
Eastside   of  the   great    Bay   of  Placentia    almost   at   the 
entrie  thereof. 

From  thence  we  shaped  our  course  for  the  Islands  of 
S.  Pedro  passing  by  the  broken  Islands  of  the  Martyers :  T^e  Islands  of 
and  when  we  were  thwart  of  the  said  Isles  of  the  Martyers  ^^^  Manners. 
our   course   to  the   Isles  of  S.  Pedro  was  West  and  by  The  Isles  of 
North.     In  these  Isles  of  S.  Pedro  there  is  a  faire  harbour,  '^-  '^'^^^''• 
which  we  went  into  with  our  barke,  and  found  there  2 
ships   of  Sibiburo  fishing   for   Cod :  where  we  stayed  2 
dayes,  and  tooke  in  balest  for  our  ship.     There  are  as 
faire  and  tall  firre  trees  growing  therein,  as  in  any  other 
part  of  Newfoundland.    Then  wee  departed  thence,  and  as 
we  came  out  of  the  harbours  mouth  we  laid  the  ship  upon 
the  lee,  and  in  2  houres  space  we  tooke  with  our  hookes 
3  or  4  hundred  great  Cods  for  our  provision  of  our  ship. 
Then  we  departed  from  the  Isle  of  S.  Pedro  to  enter  into 
the  gulffe  of  S.  Laurence  betwene  Cape  Briton  and  the 
said  Isle,  and  set  our  course  West  North  West,  and  fel 
with  Cape  de  Rey  which  wee  found  to  be  distant  from  CapedeRey. 
the  Isles  of  S.  Pedro  42  leagues.     From  Cape  de  Rey  to 
Cape  de  AnguUie  we  set  our  course  Northnorthwest  being  Cape  de  Jn- 
distant  thence    12   or   13   leagues.     From    the   Cape    de  ■^ 
AnguUie  into   the  Bay  of  S.   George  we  ran   Northeast  ^^e  bay  of 
and  by  East  some   18   or   19  leagues.  Saint  George. 

In  this  bay  of  Saint  George,  we  found  the  wrackes  of 
2  great  Biskaine  ships,  which  had  bene  cast  away  three 
yeeres  before :  where  we  had  some  seven  or  eight  hun- 
dred Whale  finnes,  and  some  yron  bolts  and  chaines  of 
their  mayne  shrouds  &  fore  shroudes :  al  their  traine  was 
beaten  out  with  the  weather  but  the  caske  remained  still. 
Some  part  of  the  commodities  were  spoiled  by  tumbling 
downe  of  the  clifts  of  the  hils,  which  covered  part  of  the 
caske,  and  the  greater  part  of  those  Whale  finnes,  which 
we  understood  to  be  there  by  foure  Spaniards  which 
escaped,  &  were  brought  to  S.   John  de  Luz.     Here  we 

163 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1594. 

found  the  houses  of  the  Savages,  made  of  firre  trees 
bound  together  in  the  top  and  set  round  like  a  Dove- 
house,  and  covered  with  the  barkes  of  firre  trees,  wee 
found  also  some  part  of  their  victuals,  which  were  Deeres 
flesh  roasted  upon  wooden  spits  at  the  iire,  &  a  dish 
made  of  a  ryne  of  a  tree,  sowed  together  with  the  sinowes 
of  the  Deere,  wherein  was  oile  of  the  Deere.  There  were 
also  foules  called  Cormorants,  which  they  had  pluckt  and 
made  ready  to  have  dressed,  and  there  we  found  a  wooden 
spoone  of  their  making.  And  we  discerned  the  tracks  of 
the  feete  of  some  fortie  or  fiftie  men,  women  and 
children. 

When  we  had  dispatched  our  businesse  in  this  bay  of  S. 
George  and  stayed  there  ten  dayes,  wee  departed  for  the 
Northren  point  of  the  said  bay,  which  is  nine  or  ten 
leagues  broade.  Then  being  enformed,  that  the  Whales 
which  are  deadly  wounded  in  the  grand  Bay,  and  yet 
escape  the  fisher  for  a  time,  are  woont  usually  to  shoot 
themselves  on  shore  on  the  Isle  of  Assumption,  or  Natis- 
cotec,  which  lieth  in  the  very  mouth  of  the  great  river 
that  runneth  up  to  Canada,  we  shaped  our  course  over  to 
that  long  Isle  of  Natiscotec,  and  wee  found  the  distance 
of  the  way  to  the  Estermost  ende  thereof  to  be  about 
forty  foure  leagues :  and  it  standeth  in  the  latitude  of  49. 
Here  we  arrived  about  the  middest  of  June  at  the  East 
end,  and  rode  in  eighteene  fadome  water  in  faire  white 
sand  and  very  good  ankerage,  and  for  tryall  heaved  a  lyne 
overboorde  and  found  wonderfull  faire  and  great  Cod 
They  land  on  f^gh  :  we  went  also  seven  of  us  on  shore  and  found  there 
the  Isle  of  exceeding  fayre  great  woods  of  tall  firre  trees,  and  heard 
and  sawe  store  of  land  and  sea  foules,  and  sawe  the  footing 
of  divers  beastes  in  the  sand  when  we  were  on  shore. 
From  the  Easter  end  we  went  to  the  Norther  side  of 
the  Island,  which  we  perceived  to  be  but  narrow  in 
respect  of  the  length  thereof.  And  after  wee  had 
searched  two  dayes  and  a  night  for  the  Whales  which 
were  wounded  which  we  hoped  to  have  found  there,  and 
missed  of  our  purpose,  we  returned  backe  to  the  South- 

164 


SILVESTER   WYET  a.d. 

1594. 
warde,  and  were  within  one  league  of  the  Island  of 
Penguin,  which  lyeth  South  from  the  Eastermost  part  of 
Natiscotec  some  twelve  leagues.  From  the  Isle  of  Pen- 
guin wee  shaped  our  course  for  Cape  de  Rey  and  had 
sight  of  the  Island  of  Cape  Briton  :  then  returned  wee 
by  the  Isles  of  Saint  Pedro,  and  so  came  into  the  Bay  of 
Placentia,  and  arrived  in  the  Easterside  thereof  some  ten 
leagues  up  within  the  Bay  among  the  fishermen  of  Saint  [III.  195.] 
John  de  Luz  and  of  Sibiburo  and  of  Biskay,  which  were 
to  the  number  of  threescore  and  odde  sayles,  whereof 
eight  shippes  onely  were  Spaniardes,  of  whom  we  were 
very  well  used  and  they  wished  heartily  for  peace 
betweene  them  and  us.  There  the  men  of  Saint  John 
and  Sibiburo  men  bestowed  two  pinnesses  on  us  to  make 
up  our  voyage  with  fish.  Then  wee  departed  over  to  the 
other  side  of  the  Bay,  where  we  arrived  in  an  harbour 
which  is  called  Pesmarck,  and  there  made  our  stage  and 
fished  so  long,  that  in  the  ende  the  Savages  came,  and  in 
the  night,  when  our  men  were  at  rest,  cut  both  our 
pinnesse  and  our  shippes  boate  away  to  our  great 
hinderance  of  our  voyage,  yet  it  was  our  good  fortune 
to  finde  out  our  pinnesses  and  get  them  againe.  Then 
for  feare  of  a  shrewder  turne  of  the  Savages,  we  de- 
parted for  Cape  Saint  Marie,  and  having  passed  Cape 
Raz,  we  passed  Northwarde  fourteene  leagues  and  arrived 
in  Farrillon,  and  finding  there  two  and  twentie  sayles  of 
Englishmen,  wee  made  up  our  fishing  voyage  to  the  full 
in  that  harborough  the  twentieth  foure  of  August  to  our 
good  content :  and  departing  thence  we  arrived  first  in 
Combe  and  staied  there  a  seven  night,  and  afterward  in 
Hungrod  in  the  river  of  BristoU  by  the  grace  of  God  the 
24  of  September.    1594. 


[The  voyage 
165 


A.D. 
1597. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


1  JCTtl»«C=»-'  _«_»aT5_-t31X  ll 

1 

The    voyage    of   M.    Charles    Leigh,    and    divers 
others  to  Cape  Briton  and  the  Isle  of  Ramea. 

He  Hopewell  of  London  of  the  burthen 
of  120  tunnes,  whereof  was  M.  William 
Grafton,  and  the  Chancewel  of  London 
of  the  burthen  of  70  tunnes,  wherof  was 
M.  Steven  Bennet,  bound  unto  the  river 
of  Canada,  set  to  sea  at  the  sole  and 
proper  charge  of  Charles  Leigh  and 
Abraham  Van  Herwick  of  London  merchants  (the  saide 
Charles  Leigh  himselfe,  and  Steven  Van  Herwick  brother 
to  the  sayd  Abraham,  going  themselves  in  the  said  ships 
as  chiefe  commanders  of  the  voyage)  departed  from 
Graves-end  on  Fryday  morning  the  8  of  April  1597. 
And  after  some  hindrances,  arriving  at  Falmouth  in 
Cornewal  the  28  of  the  said  moneth  put  to  sea  againe. 
And  with  prosperous  windes  the  18  of  May  we  were 
upon  the  banke  of  Newfoundland.  The  19  we  lost  the 
Chancewel.  The  20  we  had  sight  of  land  and  entred 
within  the  bay  of  Assumption,  where  our  men  contrary 
to  my  knowledge  fought  with  a  French  ship :  and  after- 
ward in  the  same  bay  wee  met  with  our  consort.  Where- 
upon we  presently  put  to  sea  againe :  and  the  next  day 
we  arrived  at  Caplen  bay,  where  we  remained  by  ex- 
tremitie  of  foule  weather,  and  to  mend  a  pinnes  of  7  or  8 
tunnes  (which  was  given  us  at  Farrillon  by  M.  Wil.  Sayer 
of  Dartmouth  the  Admiral  of  that  place)  untill  the  last  of 
May.  On  which  day  departing  from  thence  in  the  after- 
noone  we  put  in  to  Rogneuse  to  seeke  Shallops  but  could 
find  none.  The  first  of  June  we  set  saile  from  Rogneuse, 
and  the  second  we  put  roome  to  a  bay  under  the  North- 
side  of  Cape  Raz  being  inforced  in  by  an  extreme  storme. 
The  4  we  set  saile,  and  this  day  we  saw  a  great  Island  of 
yce.  The  5  at  night  we  lost  the  Chancewell  in  a  fog  at 
the  mouth  of  the  bay  of  Placentia.  The  1 1  at  Sunne 
setting  we  had   sight  of  Cape  Briton.     And  the   12   by 

166 


CHARLES   LEIGH  ad. 

1597- 
reason  of  contrary  windes  we  cast  anker  under  the  North- 
east ende  of  the  Isle  of  Menego  to  the  North  of  Cape  T'^^  ^^^^  tf 
Briton  in  i6  fathome  reasonable  ground.     In  that  place  ^^^^S"- 
we  caught  great  store  of  Cods,  which  were  larger   and 
better   fish   then    any  in   Newfoundland.      The    13   wee 
weyed  anker  againe,  and  being  becalmed  about  a  league 
from  the  shore  we  fell  to  fishing  where  the  Cods  did  bite 
at  least  20  fathomes  above  ground,  and  almost  as  fast  as 
we  could  hale  them  into  the  ship.     The  14  we  came  to 
the  2   Islands  of  Birds,  some  23  leagues  from  Menego:  The  2.  Islands 
where  there  were  such  abundance  of  Birds,  as  is  almost  '^    ^^  ^^' 
incredible  to  report.     And  upon  the  lesse  of  these  Islands 
of  Birds,  we  saw  great  store  of  Morsses  or  Sea  Oxen,  ^'^'"^  "f 
which    were   a    sleepe  upon   the   rockes :    but    when    we      ''^"^^' 
approched  nere  unto  them  with  our  boate  they  cast  them- 
selves into  the  sea  and  pursued  us  with  such  furie  as  that 
we  were  glad  to  flee  from  them.     The  1 6  we  arrived  at 
Brians    Island,    which   lyeth    5   leagues  West   from    the 
Island    of    Birds.     About    this    Island    ther  is  as   great 
aboundance  of  cods  as  in   any  place  can  be  found.     In 
litle  more  then  an  houre  we  caught  with  4  hookes  250  of 
them.     Here  we  caught  also  a  great  Turbut  which  was  an 
elle  long  and  a  yard  broad :  which  was  so  great  that  the 
hooke  could  not  hold  her  into  the  ship :  but  when  she 
was  above  water  she  bent  the  hooke  &  escaped.     In  this  ^^  Bryans 
Island  we  found  exceeding  good  ground  both  for  corne  /  f ^   '^'^'^1 " 
and  meadow,  &  great  store  of  wood,  but  of  smal  groweth.  ^^  come  and 
Springes  of  fresh  water  we  found  none  in  all  the  Island,  medow. 
but  some  standing  pooles  of  raine  water.     The  same  day 
at  night  we  weyed  anker  againe.     The  1 7  we  had  stormy 
weather.     The  1 8  we  came  to  the  Isle  of  Ramea,  where  The  Isle  of 
we  appointed  to  meet  with  our  consort.     And  approch-  ^'^^^'^^ 
ing   neere    unto    the  harborough  of  Halabolina  we  cast 
anker  in  3  fadomes  water  and  sent  our  great  boate  into 
the  harborough,  with  the  masters  mate  and  some  dozen 
more  of  the  company :  who  when  they  came  in,  found  4 
ships.     Namely  2  of  Saint  Malo  in  Britaigne,  and  two  of 
Sibiburo  adjoyning  to  Saint  John  de  luz  being  the  French 

167 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 
[III.  196.]  Kings   subjects,   whom    they  supposed   to  have   bene  of 

Spaine,  and  so  affirmed  unto  us.  Whereupon  wee  went 
presently  into  harborough,  finding  but  eleven  foote  and 
an  halfe  of  water  upon  the  barre  and  a  mightie  great 
current  in,  when  wee  had  cast  anker  we  sent  presently  to 
speake  with  the  masters  of  all  the  ships :  but  those  onely 
of  Saint  Malo  came  aboord,  whom  wee  entertained  very 
friendly,  and  demaunded  of  whence  the  other  two  shippes 
were.  They  sayde  as  they  thought  of  Saint  John  de  Luz 
or  Sibiburo.  Then  we  presently  sent  our  boate  for  the 
Masters  of  both  the  sayd  shippes,  to  request  them  to 
come  aboord,  and  to  bring  with  them  their  Charters 
parties  and  other  evidences,  to  the  ende  we  might  knowe 
of  whence  they  were.  At  which  message  one  of  the 
sayde  Masters  came  aboord,  with  the  Pilote  and  Masters 
mate  of  the  other  shippe :  whom  when  we  had  examined, 
they  sayd  that  they  were  of  Sibiburo,  and  the  French 
Kings  subjectes.  We  requested  them  for  our  better 
securitie  in  the  harborough  peaceably  to  deliver  up  their 
powder  and  munition :  promising  them  that  if  we  found 
them  to  be  the  French  Kings  subjectes  it  shoulde  be  kept 
in  safetie  for  them  without  diminishing.  But  they  woulde 
not  consent  thereunto  :  whereunto  we  replyed,  that  unlesse 
they  would  consent  thereunto  we  would  hold  them  to 
be  our  enemies.  They  not  consenting,  we  sent  the  boate 
well  manned  to  fetch  their  powder  and  munition  from 
aboorde  their  ship :  but  straightly  commanded  our  men 
not  to  touch  any  thing  else  in  the  ship  upon  their  further 
perill :  which  they  promised  to  performe.  When  they 
came  aboorde  the  saide  ships  which  were  mored  together, 
they  were  resisted  by  force  of  armes,  but  quickly  they  got 
the  victorie :  which  done,  they  fell  presently  to  pillaging 
of  the  Baskes,  contrary  to  their  promise :  whereupon  we 
sent  another  to  forbidde  them  ;  but  when  he  came  to 
them,  none  was  more  ready  of  pillage  then  he.  Where- 
upon I  went  my  selfe,  and  tooke  away  from  our  men 
whatsoever  they  had  pillaged,  and  gave  it  againe  to  the 
owners :  onely  I  sent  aboord  our  owne  ship  their  powder 

168 


CHARLES   LEIGH  a.d. 

1597- 
and  munition  to  be  kept  in  safetie  until  we  knew  farther 

what  they  were.     When  I  had  done,  I  gave  the  Baskes 
possession  of  their  shippe   againe   and  tolde  them   they 
should  not  loose  the  valewe  of  one  peny  if  they  were  the 
French  Kings  subjects.     Then  I  caryed  away  all  our  men, 
and  also  tooke  with  me  two  or  three  of  the   chiefest   of 
them,  and  when   I   came  aboord   went   to   examining   of 
them,  and  by  circumstances   found  one  of  the  ships  to 
belong  to  France :  whereupon  I  tolde  the  master  of  the 
said   ship,  that  I  was  throughly  satisfied  that  he  was  of 
France  and  so  dismissed  him  in  peace.     Of  the  other  ship 
we  had  great  presumption  that  she  was  of  Spaine,  but  had 
no  certaine  proofe  thereof,  wherefore  wee  dismissed  them 
likewise  in  peace.     After  I  had  thus  dismissed  them,  our 
ships  company  fell  into  a  mutiny,  and  more  then  half  of 
them  resolved  to  cary  one  of  those  ships  away.     But  they 
were  prevented  of  their  evill  purpose  by  ayde  which  the 
saide  ships  received  from  their  countreymen  in  the  other  Another  har- 
harborough :     For    the    next    morning,    which    was    the  ^°^°^S,h  "^ 
twentieth     of    June,    very    earely   there    were    gathered 
together  out  of  all  the  ships  in  both  harboroughs,  at  the 
least  200  Frenchmen  and  Britons,  who  had  planted  upon 
the  shore  three  pieces  of  Ordinance  against  us,  and  had 
prepared  them  selves  in   al   readinesse  to  fight  with  us, 
which  so  soone  as  we  had  discried  them  gave  the  onset 
upon  us  with  at  least  an  hundred  small  shot  out  of  the 
woods.     There  were  also  in  a  readines  to  assault  us  about 
three  hundred  Savages.     But  after  we  had  skirmished  a  ^  shrmish 
while  with  them,  we  procured  a  parley  by  one  of  the  men  ^^^'^^^^^  ^^^ 
of  Saint  Malo,  whose  ship  rowed  hard  by  us :  In  which  ^^^  ^^ 
parley  they  required  some  of  our  men  to  come  on  shore 
unto   them :    whereupon  wee   requested  M.  Ralph  Hill 
and  the  Boatswaines  mate  to  go  on  shore  to  them :  whom 
when    they   had   they  detained    as    prisoners ;    and   then 
required  the  powder  and  munition,  which  we  had  of  the 
Baskes  in  possession ;   which  we  surrendred  unto  them 
in   safetie  as  our  intent  alwayes  was,  which  done,  there  a  new  treason 
came   aboord   unto  us  one  Captaine    Charles,    who    was  of  the  Britons. 

169 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597. 

captaine  of  the  great  ship  of  Saint  Malo,  which  rode  In 
the  other  harborough  :  who  challenged  our  great  boate 
which  we  had  at  Farrillon  to  be  his.  And  while  we  were 
in  talke  with  him  about  the  two  Baskes  which  at  first  we 
thought  to  be  Spaniards,  wee  had  almost  bene  betraied. 
For  the  said  Captaine  Charles  with  halfe  a  dozen  more  of 
his  company  kept  themselves  aboord  of  our  ship  and  held 
us  in  a  talke,  while  thirtie  or  fortie  others  should  have 
entred  our  ship  unawares  from  one  of  the  ships  of  S. 
Malo,  which  professed  to  be  our  friend,  &  unto  whom 
we  shewed  all  courtesie.  But  we  perceiving  their  trea- 
cherous intent,  threatned  to  set  fire  on  the  said  ship, 
which  was  then  thwart  our  hawse,  from  which  they  would 
have  entred.  By  which  resolution  of  ours  God  did  dis- 
courage them  from  effecting  their  mischievous  purposes. 
Now  the  said  captaine  Charles  when  he  saw  himself 
prevented  of  his  wicked  intents,  took  his  boat  presently 
to  go  on  shore,  and  promised  that  all  things  should  be 
ended  in  peace  betweene  us,  and  that  he  would  send  us 
our  two  men  againe.  But  when  he  was  on  shore  he 
presently  sent  for  our  great  boat  which  he  claimed  to  be 
his,  &  withall  commanded  us  out  of  the  harborough ;  but 
he  sent  not  our  men  as  he  promised,  we  being  now  the 
weaker  side  did  not  only  deliver  his  boat  but  also  deter- 
[III.  197.]  mined  to  be  gon  and  then  requested  them  to  help  us  with 
our  anker  which  was  on  shore ;  but  they  would  not. 
Then  we  desired  them  to  cut  the  bent  of  the  cable  upon 
the  anker  on  shore  (for  we  durst  not  send  our  boat  lest 
they  should  have  kept  from  us  both  our  boat  and  men) 
which  they  promised  to  do  for  us,  as  also  to  send  our 
men ;  but  when  they  were  on  shore,  they  would  do 
neither.  We  therefore  seeing  their  falshood  in  every 
thing,  durst  no  longer  tary  for  feare  of  farther  treachery ; 
wherefore  we  concluded  to  cut  our  cable  in  the  hawse ; 
which  we  did,  &  so  departed  the  harborow  about  9  of  the 
clock,  leaving  two  of  our  men  with  our  cable  &  anker, 
and  20  fadoms  of  a  new  hawser  behind  us.  And  as  we 
were  going  away,  they  made  great  shewes  of  friendship, 

170 


CHARLES   LEIGH  a.d. 

1597- 
and  dranke  unto  us  from  the  shore ;  but  more  for  feare 
then  love,  and  requested  us  to  come  on  shore  for  our 
men,  whom  then  they  delivered.  The  same  morning  in 
passing  over  the  barre  before  the  harborowes  mouth,  and  ^■^^  ^^^  "f 
by  that  time  that  we  had  all  our  men  aboord,  our  ship  ^j^^^^^J"  "-^ 
came  on  ground  upon  the  sands ;  where  we  lay  some  8 
houres :  during  which  time,  at  low  water  we  trimmed  our 
ship  without  boord,  and  by  the  great  providence  of  God 
found  our  leake  which  then  we  stopped.  About  six  of 
the  clocke  at  night  we  got  our  ship  on  float  againe,  and 
that  night  ankered  within  part  of  the  barre,  which  then 
because  of  the  wind  we  could  not  passe.  But  it  pleased  ^'^0'  ^^P^''^ 
God  to  send  us  faire  weather  all  that  night,  and  the  next  ■^^'^^  '^^^^' 
day  by  noone  we  had  gotten  our  ship  cleane  over  the 
bar.  The  2 1  day  after  we  got  over  the  barre  the  wind 
arose  at  east  &  eastsoutheast,  we  blew  right  into  the  bay : 
which  if  it  had  come  before  we  were  cleere  of  the  bar,  we 
had  both  ship  and  men  perished  in  the  sands.  The  same 
day,  because  the  wind  kept  us  within  the  bay,  we  went  to 
the  Isle  Blanch,  where  the  ships  of  the  other  harborow  ^^^^  Blanch  or 
had  their  stages :  but  it  was  at  least  two  leagues  from 
their  ships :  where  we  hoped  by  friendship  to  procure  a 
shallope  &  assurance  of  our  cable  and  anker  againe.  But 
when  we  had  approched  nere  the  shore  with  our  ship,  & 
weaved  them  with  a  white  flag,  they  in  sted  of  comming 
unto  us,  sent  their  message  by  a  bullet  out  of  a  piece  of 
great  ordinance,  which  they  had  placed  on  shore  of  pur- 
pose against  us ;  so  that  they  would  neither  speake  with 
us,  nor  permit  us  to  come  nere  them.  Thus  we  departed, 
and  would  have  put  to  sea  that  night :  but  there  was 
much  wind  at  East,  which  kept  us  within  the  bay,  & 
inforced  us  to  come  to  an  anker  under  Isle  Blanch.  The 
next  morning  being  the  22,  we  put  to  sea,  and  about  12 
of  the  clocke  the  same  day,  the  wind  being  at  Northeast 
and  foule  weather,  the  master  sayd  he  could  not  ply  up  to 
Grande    Coste,   because    of   the   leeshore,    &    the   wind  ™,     . 

J.  flC  VtZ^BV  of 

agamst  us,  and  therefore  asked  what  we  should  do.     I   Q^p^  Briton. 
asked    then    how    farre    we    had    to    the    river    of   cape 

171 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 

Briton  :  he  sayd  a  little  way.  Then  sayd  I,  If  it  be 
not  farre,  we  were  best  to  go  thither  to  trade  with  the 
Savages  while  the  wind  is  contrary,  and  to  take  in 
water  &  balist,  which  we  wanted.  To  which  the  master 
sayd,  that  if  I  would  he  would  cary  us  thither.  I 
thinking  it  to  be  the  best  course,  sayd  I  was  content, 
so  farre  forth  as  that  from  thence  we  tooke  the  first 
faire  wind  for  Grande  Coste.  Hereupon  the  master 
willed  him  at  the  helme  to  keepe  his  course  southeast 
and  southeast  and  by  south.  Presently  after  I  asked 
him  how  many  leagues  we  had  to  the  sayd  river,  and 
from  the  sayd  river  to  Grande  Coste.  He  then  sayd 
that  we  had  40  leagues  to  the  river,  and  from  the 
river  to  Grande  Coste  120  leagues.  Hereupon  I  said 
I  would  not  consent  to  go  so  far  out  of  our  way,  but 
willed  him  to  keep  his  directest  course  for  Grande 
Coste ;  which  he  did.  Within  one  halfe  houre  after- 
wards the  23  day  the  gunner  and  company  of  the  ship 
presented  me  &  the  master  with  a  request  in  writing 
to  returne  for  England  or  to  goe  for  the  Islands  of 
A9ores  for  a  man  of  war,  for  they  would  not  proceed 
on  their  voyage  to  Grande  Coste;  and  therefore  do 
what  I  could  they  turned  the  helme  homewards.  The 
Their arrivall  14  of  June  we  sent  our  boat  on  shore  in  a  great  bay 
in  the  Isle  of  ^pQj^  ^^  Jsjg  of  Cape  Briton  for  water.  The  25  we 
arrived  on  the  West  side  of  the  Isle  of  Menego,  where 
we  left  some  caske  on  shore  in  a  sandy  bay,  but  could 
not  tary  for  foule  weather.  The  26  we  cast  anker  in 
another  bay  upon  the  maine  of  Cape  Briton.  The  27 
about  tenne  of  the  clocke  in  the  morning  we  met  with 
The  Chance-  eight  men  of  the  Chancewell  our  consort  in  a  shallope ; 
we  cast  away  ^t^^  ^^j^  ^^  ^j^^^  their  ship  was  cast  away  upon  the 
18  leagues  .  r    r-  -o-  -i-  i-i 

within  Cape     J^^me   or    Cape    Briton,    within    a    great    bay    eighteene 

Briton.  leagues    within    the    Cape,   and   upon   a    rocke   within  a 

mile  of  the  shore,  upon  the  23  of  this  moneth  about 
one  of  the  clocke  in  the  afternoone :  and  that  they  had 
cleered  their  ship  from  the  rocke :  but  being  bilged  and 
full    of   water,  they    presently  did    run    her    up    into  a 

172 


CHARLES   LEIGH  a.d. 

1597- 
sandy  bay,  where   she   was  no  sooner  come    on  ground, 
but  presently  after  there  came  aboord  many  shallops  with 
store   of  French   men,  who  robbed  and  spoiled  all  they 
could  lay  hands  on,  pillaging  the  poore  men  even  to  their 
very  shirts,  and   using  them  in   savage  maner :   whereas 
they  should  rather  as  Christians  have  aided  them  in  that 
distresse.      Which    newes    when    we    heard,    we    blessed 
God,   who   by   his   divine    providence   and   unspeakeable 
mercy  had  not  onely  preserved  all  the  men,  but  brought 
us  thither    so    miraculously  to   ayd    and   comfort    them. 
So   presently  we  put  into   the  road   where  the  Chance- 
well  lay ;    where  was   also   one   ship  of  Sibiburo,  whose 
men    that   holpe  to    pillage  the    Chancewell  were  runne 
away    into   the  woods.     But   the    master   thereof   which   J^'^oods  on  the 
had  dealt  very  honestly  with  our  men  stayed  in  his  ship,  I^^rfCape 
and  came  aboord  of  us:  whom  we  used  well,  not  taking  rjjj   j^g-i 
any  thing  from  him  that  was  his,  but  onely  such  things 
as   we    could    jfinde   of   our   owne.      And  when  we    had 
dispatched  our  businesse,  we  gave  him   one  good  cable, 
one  olde  cable   and    an    anker,   one    shallop    with    mast, 
sailes,    and    other    furniture,    and    other    things    which 
belonged  to  the  ship.     In  recompense  whereof  he  gave 
us  two  hogsheads  of   sider,   one    barrell    of   peaze,   and 
25   score   of  fish.     The   29   betimes   in  the  morning  we 
departed  from   that  road   toward   a  great   Biskaine  some 
7    leagues    off   of    300    tun,    whose    men    dealt    most 
doggedly    with    the    Chancewels    company.      The    same 
night  we  ankered  at  the  mouth  of  the  harborow,  where 
the   Biskain  was.     The   30  betimes  in  the   morning  we 
put    into    the    harborow;     and    approching    nere     their 
stage,   we  saw   it   uncovered,  and   so   suspected  the  ship 
to  be  gone :   whereupon  we  sent  our  pinnesse  on  shore 
with   a   dozen  men,   who   when   they  came,  found  great 
store    of    fish    on    shore,    but    all    the    men   were    fled : 
neither  could  they  perceive  whether  the  ship  should  be 
gone,    but    as    they    thought    to    sea.     This    day    about 
twelve  of  the  clocke  we  tooke  a  Savages  boat  which  our 
men   pursued :    but  all    the   Savages   ran    away  into   the 

173 


Briton. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597. 

woods,  and  our  men  brought  their  boat  on  boord.     The 

same  day  in  the  afternoone  we  brought  our  ship   to  an 

anker    in  the   harborow :    and    the   same  day   we   tooke 

three  hogsheads   and   an  halfe   of  traine,  and   some  300 

The  Savages    of  greene  fish.     Also  in  the  evening  three  of  the  Savages, 

of  Cape  whose  boat   we   had,  came   unto   us   for   their    boat;    to 

Briton  cofiie  ■,  '        ,    ^     .  ^  ,     .  '     . 

aboord  of  our    whom  we  gave  coats  and  knives,  and  restored  them  their 

ship.  boat  againe.     The  next  day  being  the  first  of  July,  the 

rest    of  the    Savages    came   unto  us,  among  whom   was 
their   king,   whose   name   was   Itarey,  and   their   queene, 
to    whom    also   we   gave    coats    and    knives,  and    other 
Cibo  an  har-    trifies.     These    Savages    called   the    harborow    Cibo.     In 
borozv  tn  the     ^.|^jg  pj^^e  are  the  greatest  multitude  of  lobsters  that  ever 
»..;.£  we  heard  of:    for  we  caught  at  one  hawle  with  a  little 

draw  net  above  140.  The  fourth  of  July  in  the  morn- 
ing we  departed  from  Cibo.  And  the  fift  we  cast  anker 
l<lew  Port.  in  a  reasonable  good  harborow  called  New  Port  under 
an  Island  some  eight  leagues  from  Cibo,  and  within 
three  leagues  from  the  English  port.  At  this  place  in 
pursuing  certaine  shallops  of  a  ship  of  Rochel,  one  of 
them  came  aboord,  who  told  us,  that  the  Biskainer 
Port  Ingles.  whom  we  sought,  was  in  the  English  port  with  two 
Biskainers  more,  and  two  ships  of  Rochel.  Thereupon 
wee  sent  one  of  our  men  in  the  Rochellers  shallop  to 
parle  with  the  admiral  &  others  our  friends  in  the 
English  port,  requesting  them  ayd  for  the  recovery  of 
our  things,  which  the  other  ship  called  the  Santa  Maria 
of  S.  Vincent  (whereof  was  Master  Johannes  de  Harte, 
and  Pilot  Adame  de  Lauandote)  had  robbed  from  the 
Chancewell.  To  which  they  answered,  that  if  we  would 
come  in  unto  them  in  peace,  they  would  assist  us  what 
they  might.  This  answere  we  had  the  sixt  day :  and 
the  seventh  in  the  fornoone  we  arrived  in  the  English 
port,  and  cast  anker  aloofe  from  the  other  ships :  which 
done,  I  went  aboord  the  Admirall,  to  desire  the  per- 
formance of  his  promise :  who  sent  for  Johannes  de 
Harte,  who  was  contented  to  restore  most  of  our  things 
againe :     whereupon    I    went    aboord    his    ship    to    have 

174 


CHARLES   LEIGH  ad. 

1597- 
them  restored.     This    day    and    the   eighth    I    spent    in 

procuring  such  things  as  they  had  robbed ;  but  yet  in 
the  end  we  wanted  a  great  part  thereof.  Then  we 
were  briefe  with  them,  and  willed  them  either  to  restore 
us  the  rest  of  our  things  which  they  had,  or  els  we 
would  both  inforce  them  to  doe  it,  and  also  have  satis- 
faction for  our  victuals  and  merchandises  which  by  their 
meanes  were  lost  in  the  Chancewell.  The  ninth  in  the 
morning  wee  prepared  our  ship  to  goe  neere  unto  them. 
Whereupon  their  Admirall  sent  his  boat  aboord,  and 
desired  to  speake  with  mee :  then  I  went  aboord  unto 
him,  and  desired  to  have  our  things  with  peace  and 
quietnesse,  proffering  to  make  him  and  the  Masters  of 
the  two  ships  of  Rochel  our  umpires,  and  what  they 
should  advise  I  would  stand  unto.  Heereupon  he  went 
aboord  the  other  ship  to  make  peace ;  but  they  would 
heare  no  reason,  neither  yet  condescend  to  restore  any 
thing  els  which  they  had  of  ours.  Then  I  desired  that 
as  I  came  in  peace  unto  them,  they  would  so  set  me 
aboord  my  ship  againe :  which  they  denied  to  doe,  but 
most  unjustly  detained  me  and  Stephen  van  Herwicke 
who  was  with  me.  A  while  after  our  shallop  came  with 
foure  men  to  know  how  I  did,  and  to  fetch  me  aboord : 
but  so  soone  as  she  came  to  the  Admirals  ships  side,  his 
men  entred,  and  tooke  her  away,  detaining  our  men  also 
as  prisoners  with  us.  Then  presently  all  the  three 
Biskainers  made  toward  our  ship,  which  was  not  care- 
lesse  to  get  the  winde  of  them  all :  and  having  by  the 
mercy  of  God  obtained  the  same,  shee  then  stayed  for 
them :  but  when  they  saw  they  had  lost  their  advan- 
tage, they  presently  turned  their  course,  making  as  great 
haste  in  againe  as  they  did  out  before.  Afterwards  I 
attempted  twise  to  goe  aboord,  but  was  still  enforced 
backe  by  the  two  other  Biskainers,  who  sought  our 
lives:  so  that  in  the  end  the  Master  of  the  Admirall 
was  inforced  to  man  his  great  boat  to  waft  us :  and  yet 
notwithstanding  they  bent  a  piece  of  great  ordinance  at 
us :   for  we  were  to  passe  by  them  unto  our  ship :    but 

175 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 

we  rescued  our  shallop  under  our  Masters  great  boat ; 
and  by  that  meanes  passed  in  safety.  The  next  morn- 
ing being  the  tenth  of  the  moneth,  we  purposed  if  the 
winde    had    served    our    turne,    to    have  made    them  to 

[III.  199.]  repent  their  evill  dealing,  and  to  restore  us  our  owne 
againe,  or  els  to  have  suncke  their  ships  if  we  could. 
But  the  winde  served   not   our  turne  for  that  purpose ; 

They  departed  but  caried  us    to  sea :    so   that   the    same    morning    wee 

p-om  Cape  tooke  our  course  toward  the  bay  of  S.  Laurence  in 
Newfoundland :  where  wee  hoped  to  finde  a  Spanish 
ship,  which  as  we  had  intelligence,  did  fish  at  that  place. 

S.  Peters         The  thirteenth   day  we  had  sight    of   S.  Peters  Islands. 

Islands.  And  the  foureteenth  day  being  foggy  and  misty  weather, 

while  we  made  towards  the  land,  we  sent  our  shallop 
before  the  shippe  to  discover  dangers :  but  in  the  fogge, 
through  the  mens  negligence  which  were  in  her,  she  lost 
us  :  yet  we  kept  on  our  course,  thinking  that  although  we 
could  not  see  them,  yet  they  might  see  our  ship  :  and  com- 
ming  into  sixteene  fathoms  water  we  cast  anker,  supposing 
our  selves  to  be  neere  the  shore :  and  in  the  evening  it 
pleased  God  to  give  us  for  the  space  of  one  quarter  of  an 
houre  clere  weather,  by  which  we  found  our  selves  to 
be  imbayed,  and  also  had  sight  of  our  shallop,  which 
was  at  the  point  of  a  land  about  one  league  from  us. 
The  same  night  we  went  further  into  the  same  bay,  where 
we  had  very  good  riding.  The  fifteenth  we  went  on 
shore,  and  in  that  place  found  footing  of  deere,  and 
before  we  returned  we  killed  one.  The  eighteenth  we 
departed  toward  S.  Laurence  :  the  same  evening  we  had 
sight  of  S.  Laurence,  and  sent  off  our  boat  in  the  night 
with    our   Master    and    sixteene    men    to     surprise    the 

A  Spanish        Spanyard,  which   lay    in    Litle    S.   Laurence  ;    who    pre- 

ship  taken.  sently  upon  the  entrance  of  our  men  surrendred  up 
their  ship  and  goods.  The  nineteenth  in  the  morning 
before  day,  the  Master  of  our  ship  with  two  more,  and 
three  Spanyards,  tooke  a  boat  and  came  foorth  to  meet 
our  shippe,  but  being  foggy,  he  cast  anker  by  the  mouth 
of  the   harborow   (thinking  in   faire   weather   to  put  out 

176 


CHARLES   LEIGH  a.d. 

1597- 
to    our    ship,    which    through    the    current    and    foggy- 
weather    was    put    five    or    sixe  leagues    to   leeward  :    & 
while  they  were  at  anker  in  the  boat  they  were  surprised 
again  by  certaine  Basks   of  S.   John   de  Luz  who  were 
in  Great  S.  Laurence  hard  by.     These  Basks  with  their 
forces  (having  received  intelligence  by  one  of  the  Span- 
yards,     who    sleeping    on     shore,    escaped    unto    them 
overland)  on  the   sudden   surprised   the    sayd  boat  with 
our  Master  and  others  :    and  then  presently  made  unto 
the  ship  ;   but  our  men  aboord  defended  them  off.     In 
the  end   they  threatned  that   unlesse  they  would  yeeld, 
they  would   kill   M.  Crafton  and  our  other  men  before  M.  Crafto. 
their  eyes.     So  at  last   upon   M.   Craftons   intreaty  and 
our  mens,  to  save  their  lives,  they  yeelded  up  the  ship 
againe,  upon  condition,  that  they  should  not  injury  any 
of  our  men,  but  should  let  them  all  with  their  weapons 
peaceably  depart :  yet  when  our  men  had  yeelded,  they 
brake    their    covenant,    profering    them    great   violence, 
threatning  to  kill  them,  disarming  them,  stripping  their 
clothes  from  their  backs,  and  using  them  more  like  dogs 
then   men.      After   they    had    thus    robbed    our   men  of 
their  prize  and  weapons,  they  presently  towed  the  shippe 
with  their    boats    out    of  that    harborow    into    Great   S. 
Laurence,  where  their  owne  shippes  did  ride,  and  within 
lesse   then   an    houre   after    they    had    caried    our    prize 
away,   our   shippe  arrived   in    the   bay  :    where   after  we 
had  bene   a   while  at   anker,   our    shallop    came    aboord 
unto  us,  with  most  part  of  our  sixteene  men,  who  tolde 
us  the  whole  story  before  recited,   as  also  that  captaine 
Laurence    had    caried    away    our    Master,    and    Stephen 
van  Herwicke  prisoners,  and  turned  the  rest  of  our  men 
on  shore  in  the  woods,  without  either  meat,  drinke,  or 
almost  any  apparell.     The  20  all  our  men  came  aboord, 
except  the  two  prisoners  :  and   the   same  day  we  tooke 
with  our   boats    three    of  the    Spanyards    shallops,   with 
five  hogSi  -  ds  of  traine  oile  in   ech  of  them,  &  in  one 
boat  foure  Spanyards  ;   but   the  men  of  the    other  two 
sha  lops  fled  on  shore.      The    same   day  also  we  tooke 
VIII  177  M 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 

the  Master  of  one  of  the  ships  which  was  in  the  har- 
borow  with  three  other  of  his  men,  whom  we  detained 
prisoners  to  ransome  M.  Crafton  &  Stephen  van  Her- 
wick.  The  22  captaine  Laurence  sent  them  aboord,  and 
we  also  released  all  our  prisoners,  except  one  Spanyard, 
who  was  boatswaine  of  the  Spanish  ship,  whom  we  kept 
with  us  :  and  the  same  day  we  set  saile  from  thence. 
The    24    we    had    advice    of   our    Spanyard    of  certain 

The  harborozv  Leagers  which  were  in  the  harborow  of  cape  S.   Mary. 

%P'f^  Whereupon    the   same    night,    being   within    five   or  six 

leagues  of  the  harborow,  I  sent  off  our  two  shallops 
with  thirty  men  to  discover  the  harborow,  and  to  sur- 
prise the  enemy.  The  25  in  the  morning  we  approched 
the  harborow  with  our  ship,  and  in  the  mouth  thereof 
we  espied  three  shallops,  two  whereof  were  ours,  and 
the  third  of  a  ship  of  Rochel,  which  they  had  surprised 
with  foure  men  in  her  :  who  told  them  that  there  were 
but  two  ships  in  the  harborow,  whereof  one  was  of 
Rochel,  and  the  other  of  Bell  isle.  And  as  we  were 
discoursing  with  the  Rochellers,  we  had  sight  of  the 
ships  :  whereupon  we  sent  our  boat  aboord  the  Rocheller 
to  certifie  him  that  we  were  his  friends,  and  to  request 
him  not  to  hinder  our  fight  with  the  enemy.  This 
message  being  sent,  we  made  all  the  haste  we  could 
unto  the  ship  of  Bell  isle,  which  first  began  with  us 
with  three  great  shot,  one  whereof  hit  our  maintopsaile, 
but  both  the  other  missed  us.  And  we  also  sent  one 
unto  them  :  then  being  approched  nere  unto  them  ten 
or  twelve  of  us  went  in  a  shallop  to  enter  them,  and  we 
caried  also  a  warpe  with  us  to  make  fast  unto  their 
ship,  whereby  our  ship  might  the  better  come  up  to  ayd 
us.  And  when  we  boorded  them  in  our  boat,  they 
[III.  200.]  betooke  themselves  to  their  close  fights,  playing  chiefly 
upon  us  with  shot  &  pikes  out  at  two  ports,  between 
which  we  entred  very  dangerously,  escaping  neere 
dangers  both  by  shot  &  pike.  Some  of  our  men  were 
wounded,  but  no  great  harme  was  done.  And  mine 
owne  piece    in   entring,   was   shot  out  of  my  hand  into 

178 


CHARLES    LEIGH  a.d. 

1597- 
the  sea  ;  which  shot  also  burst  one  side  of  the  ladder, 
by  which  I  entred.  We  had  not  long  bene  aboord,  but 
through  the  helpe  of  God  we  caused  them  to  yeeld  unto 
our  mercy.  There  were  of  them  in  the  ship  above  forty  ^  Briton  ship 
men,  most  whereof  we  sent  aboord  of  our  shippe,  there  ^^°^  unnes, 
to  be  kept  in  holde,  with  order  to  our  chyrurgion  to 
dresse  the  wounded  men,  one  of  which  was  wounded 
unto  death.  That  done,  we  had  then  time  to  view  our 
prize,  which  we  found  of  great  defence,  and  a  notable 
strong  ship,  almost  two  hundred  tun  in  burden,  very 
well  appointed,  and  in  all  things  fitted  for  a  man  of 
warre.  They  had  also  foureteene  or  fifteene  men  more, 
which  were  then  absent  from  the  ship  ;  otherwise  we 
should  have  had  the  hoter  fight.  The  same  day  we  got 
our  sailes  to  the  yard,  and  our  top  masts  on  end,  and 
rigged  the  shippe  what  we  could.  The  26  day  we  got 
some  oile  aboord,  and  there  we  taried  untill  the  second 
of  August,  fitting  our  selves  for  the  sea,  and  getting 
fish  aboord  as  weather  served  us.  During  our  abode 
there  we  divided  our  men,  and  appointed  to  ech  ship 
their  company,  my  selfe  and  my  friends  being  resolved 
to  take  our  passage  in  the  prize  ;  wherein  when  we  were 
shipped,  and  the  company,  there  arose  great  enmity 
against  us  by  the  other  shippe,  which  afterward  was 
quieted.  The  second  day  of  August,  having  taken  in 
water  and  wood,  we  put  to  sea  from  that  harborow  in 
company  of  the  Hopewell,  with  purpose  to  go  directly 
to  Parlican,  which  is  an  harborow  in  the  North  part  of 
Newfoundland,  where  we  expected  another  prize.  But 
when  we  came  to  sea  we  found  our  sailes  so  olde,  our 
ropes  so  rotten,  and  our  provision  of  bread  and  drinke 
so  short,  as  that  we  were  constrained  to  make  our  resolu- 
tion directly  for  England  :  whereupon  we  drew  out  our 
reasons  the  fourth  day  of  August,  and  sent  them  aboord 
the  Hopewell,  to  certifie  them  the  cause  of  our  resolu- 
tion for  England  :  wherat  they  were  generally  offended, 
thinking  and  saying,  that  we  in  the  prize  went  about 
to  cousin  and  deceive  them.     To  conclude,  they  sent  us 

179 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 
word  that  they  would  keepe  us  company  for  England. 
But  I  had  gfiven  William  Crafton  commission  before  to 
go  for  the  Islands  of  the  Azores,  and  there  to  spend 
his  victuals  for  a  man  of  warre.  The  next  day  being 
the  fift  of  August,  having  a  faire  winde,  we  put  off  from 
the  coast  of  Newfoundland,  and  kept  our  course  directly 
for  England,  the  Hopewell  keeping  us  company  untill 
midday,  whenas  having  lost  us  in  a  fogge,  she  shot  off 
two  pieces  of  ordinance,  and  we  answered  her  with  three : 
afterwards  we  spake  not  with  her,  supposing  that  she 
went  for  the  Islands.  The  27  of  August,  drawing  neere 
the  coast  of  England,  we  sounded  and  found  ground  at 
seventy  fadoms.  Some  of  the  mariners  thinking  we  were 
in  Bristow  channell,  and  other  in  Silly  channell  :  so  that 
through  variety  of  judgements,  and  evill  marinership 
we  were  faine  to  dance  the  hay  foure  dayes  together, 
sometimes  running  to  the  Northeast,  sometimes  to  the 
Southeast,  then  againe  to  the  East,  and  Eastnortheast. 
Thus  did  we  spend  faire  winds,  and  lose  our  time  untill 
the  last  of  August.  And  then  it  pleased  God  that  we 
fell  with  the  Island  of  Lundy  within  the  channell  of 
Bristoll ;  from  whence  we  shaped  our  course  :  and  after 
divers  dangers,  the  third  of  September  we  met  with  the 
Tramontane  of  the  Queene  off  of  Dartmouth  ;  to  the 
captaine  whereof  we  gave  certaine  things  that  he  had 
need  of.  The  fift  of  September  I  landed  on  the  outside 
of  the  Isle  of  Wight,  and  within  few  dayes  after  it 
pleased  God  to  bring  the  ship  in  safety  to  London, 
where  she  was  made  prize  as  belonging  to  the  enemies 
of  this  land. 

Certaine  observations  touching  the  countreys  and 
places  where  we  travelled. 

ijHe  Newfoundland  we  found  very  subject  to  fogs 

and    mists.     The    ground    of  it    is    very    rocky  : 

and    upon   it   there   is   great  store  of  firre    trees, 

and  in   some  places   red  ;    and   about  the   shore   it  hath 

great  abundance  of  cod-fish.     We  were  on  land  in  it  in 


CHARLES   LEIGH  a.d. 

1597. 
foure  severall  places  :     i    At   Caplin  bay   and  FarrlUon  : 
2  At  Cape  Rase :  3  At  the  harborow  of  Lano,  which  lieth 
foure  leagues  to  the  West  beyond  Cape  Laurence  :  4  At 
S.  Marie  port. 

The  Island  of  Menego  for  the  soile  is  much  like 
Newfoundland,  but  the  fish  about  it,  as  also  throwout 
the  Grande  Bay  within  Cape  Briton,  is  much  larger  and 
better  then  that  of  the  Newfoundland.  This  Island  is 
scant  two  leagues  long,  and  very  narrow.  In  the  midst  of 
it,  a  great  way  within  the  wood  is  a  great  poole.  Here  we 
were  thrise  on  shore  :  once  at  the  East  side,  and  twise 
at  the  West. 

The  three  Islands  of  birds  are  sandy  red,  but  with 
the  multitude  of  birds  upon  them  they  looke  white.  The 
birds  sit  there  as  thicke  as  stones  lie  in  a  paved  street. 
The  greatest  of  the  Islands  is  about  a  mile  in  compasse.  [HI.  201.] 
The  second  is  little  lesse.  The  third  is  a  very  little  one, 
like  a  small  rocke.  At  the  second  of  these  three  lay 
on  the  shore  in  the  Sunshine  about  thirty  or  forty  sea- 
oxen  or  morses :  which  when  our  boat  came  nere  them, 
presently  made  into  the  sea,  and  swam  after  the  boat. 

Brions  Island  wee  found  to  be  very  good,  and  sandy 
ground.  It  hath  in  it  store  of  firre  trees.  It  is  somewhat 
more  then  a  league  long,  and  about  three  leagues  in 
compasse.  Here  we  were  on  land  once,  and  went  from 
the  one  side  of  it  to  the  other. 

The  Island  of  Ramea  we  tooke  to  be  like  ground  as 
Brions  Island,  having  also  abundance  of  firre  trees.  It 
seemeth  to  be  in  length  about  twelve  or  thirteene  leagues 
at  least.  We  were  there  in  harborow,  but  not  on  shore, 
which  we  much  desired,  and  hoped  to  have  bene :  but 
the  conflict  which  we  had  there  with  the  Basks  and 
Britons,  mentioned  before,  prevented  us. 

The  Isle  Blanche  likewise  seemeth  in  quality  of  the 
ground  and  bignesse  of  it  to  be  much  like  Brions  Island 
aforesayd,  but  somewhat  lesse.  We  were  not  on  shore 
upon  it,  but  rode  before  it  at  anker. 

The  land  of  Cape  Briton  we  found  to  be  somewhat  like 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1597- 

the  Newfoundland,  but  rather  better.  Here  toward  the 
West  end  of  it  we  saw  the  clouds  lie  lower  then  the  hils  : 
as  we  did  also  at  Cape  Laurence  in  Newfoundland.  The 
Easterly  end  of  the  land  of  Cape  Briton  is  nothing  so 
high  land,  as  the  West.  We  went  on  shore  upon  it 
in  five  places :  i  At  the  bay  where  the  Chancewell  was 
cast  away :  2  At  Cibo :  3  At  a  little  Island  betweene 
Cibo  and  the  New  port:  4  At  the  New  port:  And  5 
at  Port  Ingles,  or  the  English  port. 

Concerning  the  nature  and  fruitfulnesse  of  Brions 
Island,  Isle  Blanche,  and  of  Ramea,  they  do  by  nature 
yeeld  exceeding  plenty  of  wood,  great  store  of  wild  corne 
like  barley,  strawberries,  gooseberries,  mulberies,  white 
roses,  and  store  of  wilde  peason.  Also  about  the  sayd 
Islands  the  sea  yeeldeth  great  abundance  of  fish  of  divers 
sorts.  And  the  sayd  Islands  also  seeme  to  proffer, 
through  the  labour  of  man,  plenty  of  all  kinde  of  our 
graine,  of  roots,  of  hempe,  and  other  necessary  com- 
modities. 

Charles  Leigh. 


JACQUES    CARTIER 


A.D, 
1534. 


Certaine  voyages  containing  the  Discoverie  of  the 
Gulfe  of  Sainct  Laurence  to  the  West  of  New- 
foundland, and  from  thence  up  the  river  of 
Canada,  to  Hochelaga,  Saguenay,  and  other 
places  :  with  a  description  of  the  temperature 
of  the  climate,  the  disposition  of  the  people, 
the  nature,  commodities,  and  riches  of  the 
soile,  and  other  matters  of  speciall  moment. 

The  first  relation  of  Jaques  Carthier  of  S.  Malo, 
of  the  new  land  called  New  France,  newly 
discovered  in  the  yere  of  our  Lord   1534. 

How  M.  Jaques  Carthier  departed  from  the  Port  of  S. 
Malo,  with  two  ships,  and  came  to  Newfoundland, 
and  how  he  entred  into  the  Port  of  Buona  Vista. 

Fter  that  Sir  Charles  of  Mouy  knight  lord 
of  Meylleraye,  &  Viceadmirall  of  France 
had  caused  the  Captaines,  Masters,  and 
Mariners  of  the  shippes  to  be  sworne  to 
behave  themselves  truely  and  faithfully 
J  in  the  service  of  the  most  Christian  King 
■^  of  France,  under  the  charge  of  the  sayd 
Carthier,  upon  the  twentieth  day  of  April  1534,  we 
departed  from  the  Port  of  S.  Malo  with  two  ships  of 
threescore  tun  apiece  burden,  and  61  well  appointed  men 
in  ech  one :  and  with  such  prosperous  weather  we  sailed 
onwards,  that  upon  the  tenth  day  of  May  we  came  to 
Newfoundland,  where  we  entred  into  the  Cape  of  Buona 
Vista,  which  is  in  latitude  48  degrees  and  a  halfe,  and  in 
longitude  *  .  But  because  of  the  great  store  of  the  ice 
that  was  alongst  the  sayd  land,  we  were  constrained  to 
enter  into  an  haven  called  S.  Katherins  haven,  distant  from 
the  other  Port  about  five  leagues  toward  Southsoutheast : 
there  did  we  stay  tenne  dayes  looking  for  faire  weather ; 
and  in  the  meane  while  we  mended  and  dressed  our  boats. 

183 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534. 


Birds. 


U 


[III.  202.]      How  we  came  to  the  Island  of  Birds,  and  of  the  great 

quantity  of  birds  that  there  be. 

Ton  the  21  of  May  the  winde  being  in  ithe  West, 
we  hoised  saile,  and  sailed  toward  North  and  by 
East  from  the  cape  of  Buona  Vista  until  we  came  to  the 
The  Isle  of  Island  of  Birds,  which  was  environed  about  with  a  banke 
of  ice,  but  broken  and  crackt :  notwithstanding  the  sayd 
banke,  our  two  boats  went  thither  to  take  in  some  birds, 
whereof  there  is  such  plenty,  that  unlesse  a  man  did 
see  them,  he  would  thinke  it  an  incredible  thing:  for 
albeit  the  Island  (which  containeth  about  a  league  in 
circuit)  be  so  full  of  them,  that  they  seeme  to  have  bene 
brought  thither,  and  sowed  for  the  nonce,  yet  are  there  an 
hundred  folde  as  many  hovering  about  it  as  within ;  some 
of  the  which  are  as  big  as  jayes,  blacke  and  white,  with 
beaks  like  unto  crowes :  they  lie  alwayes  upon  the  sea ; 
they  cannot  flie  very  high,  because  their  wings  are  so 
little,  and  no  bigger  then  halfe  ones  hand,  yet  do  they 
flie  as  swiftly  as  any  birds  of  the  aire  levell  to  the 
water ;  they  are  also  exceeding  fat ;  we  named  them 
Aporath.  In  lesse  then  halfe  an  houre  we  filled  two 
boats  full  of  them,  as  if  they  had  bene  with  stones  : 
so  that  besides  them  which  we  did  eat  fresh,  every  ship 
did  powder  and  salt  five  or  sixe  barrels  full  of  them. 

Of  two  sorts  of  birds,  the  one  called  Godetz,  the  other 
Margaulx ;  and  how  we  came  to  Carpunt. 

►  Esides  these,  there  is  another  kinde  of  birds  which 
hover  in  the  aire,  and  over  the  sea,  lesser  then  the 
others ;  and  these  doe  all  gather  themselves  together  in 
the  Island,  and  put  themselves  under  the  wings  of  other 
birds  that  are  greater:  these  we  named  Godetz.  There 
are  also  of  another  sort,  but  bigger,  and  white,  which  bite 
even  as  dogs :  those  we  named  Margaulx.  And  albeit 
the  sayd  Island  be  14  leagues  from  the  maine  land, 
A  great  white  notwithstanding  beares  come  swimming  thither  to  eat 
beare.  q£  4^^  ^2iyd.  birds  :  and  our  men  found  one  there  as  great 


B^ 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a,d. 

1534- 
as   any  cow,   and  as   white   as    any   swan,   who    in  their 
presence  leapt  into  the  sea  ;  and  upon  Whitsunmunday 
(following  our  voyage  toward  the  land)  we  met  her  by  the 
way,  swimming  toward  land  as  swiftly  as  we  could  saile. 
So  soone  as  we  saw  her,  we  pursued  her  with  our  boats, 
and  by  maine  strength  tooke  her,  whose  flesh  was  as  good 
to  be  eaten  as  the  flesh  of  a  calfe  of  two  yeres  olde.     The  Les  Chas- 
Wednesday  following,  being  the  27  of  the  moneth,  we  ^^^*'^' 
came   to   the    entrance   of  the   bay  of  the   Castles ;    but 
because  the  weather  was  ill,  and  the  great  store  of  ice  we 
found,  we  were   constrained   to   enter  into  an  harborow 
about  the  sayd  entrance  called  Carpunt,  where,  because 
we  could  not  come  out  of  it,  we  stayed  til  the  ninth  of 
June,  what  time  we  departed,  hoping  with  the  helpe  of 
God  to  saile  further  then  the  sayd  Carpunt,  which  is  in   Carpunt. 
latitude  51   degrees. 

The  description  of  Newfoundland,   from   Cape  Razo   to 
Cape  Degrad. 

THe  land  from  Cape  Razo  to  Cape  Degrad,  which  is 
the  point  of  the  entrance  of  the  bay  that  trendeth 
from  head  to  head  toward  Northnortheast,  and  South- 
southwest.  All  this  part  of  land  is  parted  into  Islands 
one  so  nere  the  other,  that  there  are  but  small  rivers 
betweene  them ;  thorow  the  which  you  may  passe  with 
little  boats,  and  therefore  there  are  certaine  good  har- 
borows,  among  which  are  those  of  Carpunt  and  Degrad. 
In  one  of  these  Islands  that  is  the  highest  of  them  all, 
being  the  top  of  it  you  may  plainly  see  the  two  low 
Islands  that  are  nere  to  Cape  Razo,  from  whence  to  the 
port  of  Carpunt  they  count  it  five  and  twenty  leagues ; 
and  there  are  two  entrances  thereat,  one  on  the  East,  the 
other  on  the  South  side  of  the  Island.  But  you  must 
take  heed  of  the  side  &  point  of  the  East,  because  that 
every  where  there  is  nothing  els  but  shelves,  and  the 
water  is  very  shallow :  you  must  go  about  the  Island 
toward  the  West  the  length  of  halfe  a  cable  or  thereabout, 
and  then  to  goe  toward  the  South  to  the  sayd  Carpunt. 

185 


G 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534. 

Also  you  are  to  take  heed  of  three  shelves  that  are  in  the 
chanell  under  the  water :  and  toward  the  Island  on  the 
East  side  in  the  chanell,  the  water  is  of  three  or  foure 
fadome  deepe,  and  cleere  ground.  The  other  trendeth  to- 
ward Eastnortheast,  and  on  the  West  you  may  go  on  shore. 

Of  the  Island  which  now  is  called  S.  Katherins  Island. 

Oing  from  the  point  Degrad,  and  entring  into  the 
sayd  bay  toward  the  West  &  by  North :  there  is 
some  doubt  of  two  Islands  that  are  on  the  right  side,  one 
of  the  which  is  distant  from  the  sayd  point  three  leagues, 
and  the  other  seven,  either  more  or  lesse  then  the  first, 
being  a  low  and  plaine  land,  and  it  seemeth  to  be  part  of 
the  maine  land.  I  named  it  Saint  Katherines  Island ;  in 
which,  toward  the  Northeast  there  is  very  dry  soile ; 
but  about  a  quarter  of  a  league  from  it,  very  ill  ground, 
so  that  you  must  go  a  little  about.  The  sayd  Island  & 
[III.  203.]  the  Port  of  Castles  trend  toward  North  northeast,  and 
South  southwest,  and  they  are  about  15.  leagues  asunder. 
From  the  said  port  of  Castles  to  the  port  of  Gutte,  which 
is  in  the  northerne  part  of  the  said  Bay,  that  trendeth 
toward  East  northeast,  and  West  southwest,  there  are  12. 
leagues  and  an  halfe :  and  about  two  leagues  from  the 
port  of  Balances,  that  is  to  say,  the  third  part  athwart  the 
saide  Bay  the  depth  being  sounded  it  is  about  38. 
fadomes :  and  from  the  said  port  of  Balances  to  the 
Blanc  Sablon,  white  Sands  toward  West  southwest  there  is  15.  leagues, 
or  white  Sands.  ^^^  ^^^  ^^^3^  ^^^^  heede  of  a  shelfe  that  lyeth  about  3. 
leagues  outward  from  the  said  white  Sands  on  the  South- 
west side  above  water  like  a  boat. 

Of  the  place  called  Blanc  Sablon,  or  the  white  Sand :  of 
the  Hand  of  Brest,  and  of  the  Hand  of  Birds,  of  the 
sorts  and  quantitie  of  birds  that  there  are  found :  and 
of  the  Port  called  the  Islettes. 

WHite  Sand  is  a  Road  in  the  which  there  is  no  place 
guarded    from    the    South,    nor    southeast.      But 
toward  South  southwest  from  the  saide  road  there  are  two 

186 


JACQUES    CARTIEK  a.d. 

1534- 

Hands,   one  of  the  which  is  called  Brest  Hand,  and  the 

other  the  Hand  of  Birds,  in  which  there  is  great  store  of 

Godetz,  and  crowes  with  red  beakes  and  red  feete :  they 

make   their   nestes  in   holes   under   the  ground   even  as 

Conies.     A  point  of  land  being  passed  about  a  league 

from  white  Sand,  there  is  a  Port  and  passage  found  called 

the  Islettes,  a  better  place  then  white  Sand :  and  there  is 

great  fishing.     From  the  said  Port  of  the  Islettes  unto 

another   called    Brest,   the    circuit    is   about    ten   leagues.  Brest  a  place 

This  Port  is  in  latitude  ci.  degrees  and   cc.  minutes,  and  t^^^e 'North 

tTl  lS  BtJOtOWltci 

in  longitude  *  .     From  the  Islettes  to  that  place  there  are  ^^^^ 
many  other  Hands :   and  the  saide  Port  of  Brest  is  also 
amongst  those  Hands.     Moreover  the  Hands  do  compasse 
more  then  3.  leagues  from  the  said  Brest,  being  low,  and 
over  them  are  the  other  lands  above  mentioned  scene. 

How  we  with  our  ships  entred  into  the  Port  of  Brest, 
and  sayling  onward  toward  the  West  we  passed  amidst 
the  Islettes,  which  were  so  many  in  number,  that  it  was 
not  possible  to  tell  them :  and  how  we  named  them 
the  Islettes. 

UPon  the  10.  of  June  wee  with  our  ships  entred  into 
the  Port  of  Brest,  to  furnish  our  selves  with  water 
and  wood,  and  to  make  us  ready  to  passe  the  saide  Bay. 
Upon  S.  Barnabas  day  Service  being  heard,  we  with  our 
boats  went  beyond  the  said  Port  toward  the  west,  to  see 
what  harboroughes  were  there :  wee  passed  through  the 
midst  of  the  Islettes,  which  were  so  many  in  number  that 
it  was  not  possible  they  might  be  tolde,  for  they  con- 
tinued about  10.  leagues  beyond  the  said  Port.  We  to 
rest  our  selves  stayed  in  one  of  them  a  night,  and  there 
we  found  great  store  of  ducke  egges,  and  other  birds  that 
there  do  make  their  nests,  we  named  them  all  The 
Islettes. 


[Of  the 
187 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1534- 

Of  the  Port  called  S.  Antonies  Port,  S.  Servans  Port, 
James  Cartiers  Port :  of  the  river  called  S.  James : 
of  the  customes  and  apparell  of  the  inhabitants  in  the 
Hand  of  White  Sand. 

THe  next  day  we  passed  the  said  Hands,  and  beyond 
them  all  we  found  a  good  haven,  which  we  named 
S.  Antonies  Haven,  and  one  or  two  leagues  beyond  wee 
found  a  little  river  towarde  the  Southwest  coast,  that  is 
betweene  two  other  Hands,  and  is  a  good  harborough. 
There  we  set  up  a  Crosse,  and  named  it  S.  Servans  Port : 
and  on  the  Southwest  side  of  the  said  Port  and  river, 
about  one  leagfue  there  is  a  small  Hand  as  round  as  an 
Oven,  environed  about  with  many  other  litle  Hands  that 
give  notice  to  the  said  Ports.  Further  about  two  leagues 
there  is  another  greater  river,  in  which  we  tooke  good  store 
The  river  of  of  Salmon,  that  we  named  S.  James  his  River,  Being  in 
S.  Jaques.  ^^  g^^-^  river,  we  saw  a  ship  of  Rochel  that  the  night 
before  had  passed  the  Port  of  Brest,  where  they  thought 
to  have  gone  a  fishing :  but  the  Mariners  knew  not 
where  they  were.  We  with  our  boats  approched  neere 
unto  it,  and  did  direct  it  to  another  Port  one  league 
more  toward  the  West  then  the  said  river  of  S.  James, 
which  I  take  to  be  one  of  the  best  in  all  the  world,  and 
therefore  wee  named  it  James  Carthiers  Sound.  If  the 
soile  were  as  good  as  the  harboroughes  are,  it  were  a  great 
commoditie :  but  it  is  not  to  be  called  The  new  Land, 
but  rather  stones  and  wilde  cragges,  and  a  place  fit  for 
wilde  beastes,  for  in  all  the  North  Hand  I  did  not  see  a 
Cart-load  of  good  earth  :  yet  went  I  on  shoare  in  many 
places,  and  in  the  Hand  of^  White  Sand,  there  is  nothing 
else  but  mosse  and  small  thornes  scattered  here  and 
there,  withered  and  dry.  To  be  short,  I  beleeve  that 
this  was  the  land  that  God  allotted  to  Caine.  There  are 
men  of  an  indifferent  good  stature  and  bignesse,  but 
wilde  and  unruly :  they  weare  their  haire  tied  on  the  top 
like  a  wreath  of  hay,  and  put  a  wooden  pinne  within  it,  or 
any  other  such  thing  in  stead  of  a  naile,  and  with  them 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1534- 
they  binde    certaine   birdes  feathers.      They  are   clothed 
with  beastes  skinnes  as  well  the  men  as  womeiij  but  that 
the  women  go  somewhat  straiter  and  closer  in  their  gar- 
ments then  the  men  do,  with  their  wastes  girded :  they 
paint  themselves  with  certaine  Roan  colours :  their  boates  [HI-  204.] 
are  made  of  the  barke  of  birch  trees,  with  the  which  they  ^^lfl^.lflf 
fish  and  take  great  store  of  Scales,  and  as  farre   as  we  ^inh  trees. 
could  understand  since  our  comming  thither,  that  is  not 
their  habitation,  but  they  come  from  the  maine  land  out 
of  hotter  countreys,  to  catch  the  saide  Scales  and  other 
necessaries  for  their  living. 

Of  certaine  Capes,  that  is  to  say.  The  double  Cape,  The 
pointed  Cape,  Cape  Royal,  and  The  Cape  of  Milke  : 
of  the  mountaines  of  Granges  :  of  the  Hands  of  Dove 
houses :  and  of  the  great  fishing  of  Cods. 

UPon  the  13.  of  that  moneth  we  came  to  our  ships 
againe  with  our  boats  on  purpose  to  saile  forwards 
because  the  weather  was  faire,  and  upon  Sunday  we 
caused  Service  to  be  saide:  then  on  munday  being  the 
15.  of  the  moneth  we  departed  from  Brest,  and  sailed 
toward  the  South  to  take  a  view  of  the  lands  that  there 
wee  had  scene,  that  seemed  unto  us  to  bee  two  Hands : 
but  when  we  were  amidst  the  Bay,  we  knew  it  to  be 
firme  land,  where  was  a  great  double  Cape  one  above 
the  other,  and  therefore  wee  named  it  The  double  Cape. 
In  the  entrance  of  the  Bay  wee  sounded,  and  found  it 
to  be  an  hundred  fadome  round  about  us.  From  Brest 
to  The  double  Cape  there  is  about  20.  leagues,  and 
about  five  or  sixe  leagues  beyond  we  sounded  againe 
and  found  40  fadome  water.  The  said  land  lieth  North- 
east and  Southwest.  The  next  day  being  the  16  of 
the  moneth  we  sailed  along  the  said  coast  toward  the 
Southwest,  and  by  South  about  ^iS  leagues  from  the 
double  Cape,  where  we  found  very  steepe  and  wilde 
hilles,  among  the  which  were  scene  certaine  smal 
cabbans,  which  we  in  the  countrey  call  Granges,  and 
therefore   we    named   them  The    hilles    of  the  Granges. 

189 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

The  other  lands  and  mountaines  are  all  cra^sie,  cleft 
and  cut,  and  betwixt  them  and  the  Sea,  there  are  other 
Hands,  but  low.  The  day  before  through  the  darke 
mists  and  fogges  of  the  weather,  we  could  not  have 
sight  of  any  land,  but  in  the  evening  we  spied  an 
entrance  into  the  land,  by  a  river  among  the  said  Hilles 
of  Granges,  and  a  Cape  lying  toward  the  Southwest 
about  3  leagues  from  us.  The  said  Cape  is  on  the  top 
of  it  blunt-pointed,  and  also  toward  the  Sea  it  endetli 
in  a  point,  wherefore  wee  named  it  The  pointed  Cape, 
on  the  North  side  of  which  there  is  a  plaine  Hand. 
And  because  we  would  have  notice  of  the  said  entrance, 
to  see  if  there  were  any  good  havens,  we  strooke  saile 
for  that  night.  The  next  day  being  the  17  of  the 
moneth  we  had  stormie  weather  from  Northeast,  where- 
fore we  tooke  our  way  toward  the  Southwest  untill 
Thursday  morning,  and  we  went  about  37  leagues,  till 
wee  came  athwart  a  Bay  full  of  round  Hands  like  dove 
houses,  and  therefore  wee  named  them  The  dove  houses. 
And  from  the  Bay  of  S.  Julian,  from  the  which  to  a 
Cape  that  lieth  South  and  by  West,  which  wee  called 
Cape  Roial,  there  are  7.  leagues,  and  toward  the  West 
southwest  side  of  the  saide  Cape,  there  is  another  that 
beneath  is  all  craggie,  and  above  round.  On  the  North 
side  of  which  about  halfe  a  league  there  lieth  a  low  Hand : 
that  Cape  we  named  The  Cape  of  milke.  Betweene  these 
two  Capes  there  are  certaine  low  Hands,  above  which 
there  are  also  certaine  others  that  shew  that  there  be  some 
rivers.  About  two  leagues  from  Cape  royall  wee  sounded 
and  found  20  fadome  water,  and  there  is  the  greatest 
fishing  of  Cods  that  possible  may  be :  for  staying  for 
our  company,  in  lesse  then  an  houre  we  tooke  above 
an  hundreth  of  them. 


190 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534- 

Of  certaine  Hands  that   lie    betweene    Cape    Royal,  and 
The  Cape  of  milke. 

THe  next  day  being  the  i8  of  the  moneth,  the 
winde  with  such  rage  turned  against  us,  that  we 
were  constrained  to  go  backe  toward  Cape  Royal,  think- 
ing there  to  finde  some  harborough,  and  with  our  boates 
went  to  discover  betweene  the  Cape  Royal,  and  the 
Cape  of  Milke,  and  found  that  above  the  low  Hands 
there  is  a  great  and  very  deepe  gulfe,  within  which  are 
certaine  Hands.  The  said  gulfe  on  the  Southside  is 
shut  up.  The  foresaid  low  grounds  are  on  one  of  the 
sides  of  the  entrance,  and  Cape  Royal  is  on  the  other. 
The  saide  low  grounds  doe  stretch  themselves  more 
then  halfe  a  league  within  the  Sea.  It  is  a  plaine 
countrey,  but  an  ill  soile :  and  in  the  middest  of  the 
entrance  thereof,  there  is  an  Hand.  The  saide  gulfe  in 
latitude  is  fourtie  eight  degrees  and  an  halfe,  and  in 
longitude  *  .  That  night  we  found  no  harborough, 
and  therefore  we  lanched  out  into  the  Sea,  leaving  the 
Cape  toward  the  West. 

Of  the  Hand  called  S.  John. 

FRom  the  said  day  untill  the  24  of  the  moneth  being 
S.  Johns  day  we  had  both  stormie  weather  and  winde 
against  us,  with  such  darkenesse  and  mistes,  that  untill 
S.  Johns  day,  we  could  have  no  sight  of  any  land,  and 
then  had  we  sight  of  a  Cape  of  land,  that  from  Cape 
Royal  lieth  Southwest  about  25  leagues,  but  that  day 
was  so  foggie  and  mistie,  that  we  could  not  come  neere 
land,  and  because  it  was  S.  Johns  day,  we  named  it 
Cape   S.  John. 

Of  certaine   Hands  called    the  Hands  of   Margaulx,  and  [III.  205.] 
of    the    kinds    of    beasts    and    birds    that    there    are 
found.     Of  the  Hand  of  Brion,  and  Cape  Dolphin. 

THe    next    day   being    the    25.    of   the    moneth,   the 
weather   was   also    stormie,   darke,   and    windy,   but 
yet  we  sailed  a  part  of  the  day  toward  West  North  west, 

191 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

and  in  the  evening  wee  put  our  selves  athwart  untill 
the  second  quarter ;  when  as  we  departed,  then  did  we 
by  our  compasse  know  that  we  were  Northwest  &  by 
West  about  seven  leagues  and  an  halfe  from  the  Cape 
of  S.  John,  and  as  wee  were  about  to  hoise  saile,  the 
winde  turned  into  the  Northwest,  wherefore  wee  went 
Three  Hands.  Southeast,  about  15.  leagues,  and  came  to  three  Hands, 
two  of  which  are  as  steepe  and  upright  as  any  wall,  so  that 
it  was  not  possible  to  climbe  them :  and  betweene  them 
there  is  a  little  rocke.  These  Hands  were  as  full  of 
birds,  as  any  field  or  medow  is  of  grasse,  which  there 
do  make  their  nestes  :  and  in  the  greatest  of  them,  there 
was  a  great  and  infinite  number  of  those  that  wee  call 
Margaulx,  that  are  white,  and  bigger  then  any  geese, 
which  were  severed  in  one  part.  In  the  other  were  onely 
Godetz,  but  toward  the  shoare  there  were  of  those  Godetz, 
and  great  Apponatz,  like  to  those  of  that  Hand  that  we 
above  have  mentioned :  we  went  downe  to  the  lowest 
part  of  the  least  Hand,  where  we  killed  above  a  thousand 
of  those  Godetz,  and  Apponatz,  We  put  into  our 
boates  so  many  of  them  as  we  pleased,  for  in  lesse  then 
one  houre  we  might  have  filled  thirtie  such  boats  of 
The  Islands  them  :  we  named  them  The  Hands  of  Margaulx.  About 
of  Margaulx.  ^^^  leagues  from  the  said  Hands  on  the  West,  there  is 
another  Hand  that  is  about  two  leagues  in  length,  and 
so  much  in  breadth  :  there  did  we  stay  all  night  to  take 
in  water  and  wood.  That  Hand  is  environed  round 
about  with  sand,  and  hath  a  very  good  road  about  it 
three  or  foure  fadome  deepe.  Those  Hands  have  the 
best  soile  that  ever  we  saw,  for  that  one  of  their  fields 
is  more  worth  then  all  the  New  land.  We  found  it 
all  full  of  goodly  trees,  medowes,  fields  full  of  wild 
corne  and  peason  bloomed,  as  thick,  as  ranke,  and  as 
faire  as  any  can  be  seene  in  Britaine,  so  that  they  seemed 
to  have  bene  plowed  and  sowed.  There  was  also  a  great 
store  of  gooseberies,  strawberies,  damaske  roses,  parseley, 
Morses  or  Sea  ^^^^  Other  very  sweete  and  pleasant  hearbes.  About  the 
oxen.  said  Hand  are  very  great  beastes  as  great  as  oxen,  which 

192 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534- 
have  two  great  teeth  in  their  mouths  like  unto  Elephants 
teeth,  &  live  also  in  the  Sea.  We  saw  one  of  them 
sleeping  upon  the  banke  of  the  water :  wee  thinking  to 
take  it,  went  to  it  with  our  boates,  but  so  soone  as  he 
heard  us,  he  cast  himselfe  into  the  Sea.  We  also  saw 
beares  &  wolves :  we  named  it  Brions  Hand.  About  Brians  Hand. 
it  toward  Southeast,  and  Northwest,  there  are  great 
lakes.  As  farre  as  I  could  gather  and  comprehend,  I 
thinke  that  there  be  some  passage  betweene  New  found 
land,  and  Brions  land.  If  so  it  were,  it  would  be  a 
great  shortning,  aswel  of  the  time  as  of  the  way,  if  any 
perfection  could  be  found  in  it.  About  foure  leagues 
from  that  Hand  toward  West-Southwest  is  the  firme  land, 
which  seemeth  to  be  as  an  Hand  compassed  about  with 
litle  Hands  of  sands.  There  is  a  goodly  Cape  which 
we  named  Cape  Dolphin,  for  there  is  the  beginning  of 
good  grounds.  On  the  27.  of  June  we  compassed  the 
said  lands  about  that  lie  West  Southwest :  and  a  farre  off 
they  seeme  to  be  little  hilles  of  sand,  for  they  are  but 
low  landes :  wee  could  neither  goe  to  them,  nor  land 
on  them,  because  the  winde  was  against  us.  That  day 
we  went   15  leagues. 

Of  the  Hand   called    Alezai,  and    of  the    cape    of 
S.  Peter. 

THe  next  day  we  went  along  the  said  land  about  10. 
leagues,  till  we  came  to  a  Cape  of  redde  land,  that 
is  all  craggie,  within  the  which  there  is  a  bracke  looking 
toward  the  North.  It  is  a  very  low  countrey.  There  is 
also  betweene  the  Sea  and  a  certaine  poole,  a  plaine  field : 
and  from  that  Cape  of  land  and  the  poole  unto  another 
Cape,  there  are  about  14  leagues.  The  land  is  fashioned 
as  it  were  halfe  a  circle,  all  compassed  about  with  sand 
like  a  ditch,  over  which  as  farre  as  ones  eye  can  stretch, 
there  is  nothing  but  marrish  grounds  and  standing  pooles. 
And  before  you  come  to  the  first  Cape,  very  neere  the 
maine  land  there  are  two  little  Hands.  About  five 
leagues    from   the    second   Cape    toward    the    Southwest, 

VIII  193  N 


F' 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

there  is  another  Hand  very  high  and  pointed,  which  we 
named  Alezai.  The  first  Cape  we  named  S.  Peters  Cape, 
because  upon  that  day  we  came  thither. 

Of  the  Cape  called  Cape  Orleans :  of  the  River  of 
Boates :  of  Wilde  mens  Cape :  and  of  the  qualitie 
and  temperature  of  the  countrey. 

^Rom  Brions  Hand  to  this  place  there  is  good 
anckorage  of  sand,  and  having  sounded  toward 
Southwest  even  to  the  shoare  about  five  leagues,  wee 
found  twentie  and  five  fadome  water,  and  within  one 
league  twelve  fadome,  and  very  neere  the  shoare  sixe 
fadome,  rather  more  then  lesse,  and  also  good  anckor- 
age. But  because  wee  would  bee  the  better  acquainted 
with  this  stonie  and  rockie  ground,  wee  strooke  our 
sailes  lowe  and  athwart.  The  next  day  being  the  last 
of  the  moneth  save  one,  the  winde  blewe  South  and  by 
East.  Wee  sailed  Westward  untill  Tuesday  morning 
at  Sunne  rising,  being  the  last  of  the  moneth,  without 
[III.  206.]  any  sight  or  knowledge  of  any  lande  except  in  the 
evening  toward  Sunne  set,  that  wee  discovered  a  lande 
which  seemed  to  be  two  Hands,  that  were  beyond  us 
West  southwest,  about  nine  or  tenne  leagues.  All  the 
next  day  till  the  next  morning  at  Sunne  rising  wee 
sailed  Westward  about  fourtie  leagues,  and  by  the  way 
we  perceived  that  the  land  we  had  scene  like  Hands, 
was  firme  land,  lying  South  southeast,  and  North  north- 
west, to  a  very  good  Cape  of  land  called  Cape  Orleans. 
An  exceeding  Al  the  said  land  is  low  and  plaine,'  and  the  fairest 
goodly  land,  ^j^^^-  j^g^y.  possibly  be  seene,  full  of  goodly  medowes 
and  trees.  True  it  is  that  we  could  finde  no  har- 
borough  there,  because  it  is  all  full  of  shelves  and 
sands.  We  with  our  boats  went  on  shore  in  many 
places,  and  among  the  rest  wee  entred  into  a  goodly 
river,  but  very  shallow,  which  we  named  The  river  of 
boats,  because  that  there  wee  saw  boates  full  of  wild 
men  that  were  crossing  the  river.  We  had  no  other 
notice  of  the  said  wild   men :    for  the  wind  came  from 

194 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534. 

the  sea,  and  so  beat  us  against  the  shore,  that  wee 
were  constrained  to  retire  our  selves  with  our  boates 
toward  our  ships.  Till  the  next  day  morning  at  Sunne 
rising,  being  the  first  of  July,  we  sailed  Northeast,  in 
which  time  there  rose  great  mistes  and  stormes,  and 
therefore  wee  strucke  our  sailes  till  two  of  the  clocke 
in  the  afternoone,  that  the  weather  became  cleare,  & 
there  we  had  sight  of  Cape  Orleance,  and  of  another 
about  seven  leagues  from  us,  lying  North  and  by  East, 
and  that  we  called  Wilde  mens  Cape.  On  the  North- 
side  of  this  Cape  about  halfe  a  league,  there  is  a  very 
dangerous  shelfe,  and  banke  of  stones.  Whilest  wee 
were  at  this  Cape,  we  sawe  a  man  running  after  our 
boates  that  were  going  along  the  coast,  who  made 
signes  unto  us  that  we  should  returne  toward  the  said 
Cape  againe.  We  seeing  such  signes,  began  to  turne 
toward  him,  but  he  seeing  us  come,  began  to  flee :  so 
soone  as  we  were  come  on  shoare,  we  set  a  knife 
before  him  and  a  woollen  girdle  on  a  litle  staffe,  and 
then  came  to  our  ships  againe.  That  day  we  trended 
the  said  land  about  9.  or  10.  leagues,  hoping  to  finde 
some  good  harborough,  but  it  was  not  possible:  for  as 
I  have  said  already,  it  is  a  very  low  land,  and  envi- 
roned round  about  with  great  shelves.  Neverthelesse 
we  went  that  day  on  shore  in  foure  places  to  see  the 
goodly  and  sweete  smelling  trees  that  were  there :  we  ^^rietie  of 
found  them  to  be  Cedars,  ewetrees.  Pines,  white  elmes,  ^"^^  ^^^^^' 
ashes,  willowes,  with  many  other  sorts  of  trees  to  us 
unknowen,  but  without  any  fruit.  The  grounds  where 
no  wood  is,  are  very  faire,  and  all  full  of  peason,  white 
and  red  gooseberies,  strawberies,  blackeberies,  and  wilde 
corne,  even  like  unto  Rie,  which  seemed  to  have  bene 
sowen  and  plowed.  This  countrey  is  of  better  temper- 
ature then  any  other  that  can  be  scene,  and  very  hote. 
There  are  many  thrushes,  stockdoves,  and  other  birds : 
to  be  short,  there  wanteth  nothing  but  good  har- 
boroughs. 

[Of  the 
195 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1534- 

Of  the  Bay  called  S.  Lunario,  and  other  notable  Bayes 
and  Capes  of  land,  and  of  the  qualitie,  and  good- 
nesse  of  those  grounds. 

THe  next  day  being  the  second  of  July  we  dis- 
covered and  had  sight  of  land  on  the  Northerne 
side  toward  us,  that  did  joyne  unto  the  land  abovesaid, 
al  compassed  about,  and  we  knew  that  it  had  about  *  in 
depth,  and  as  much  athwart,  we  named  it  S.  Lunarios 
Bay,  and  with  our  boats  we  went  to  the  Cape  toward 
the  North,  and  found  the  shore  so  shallow,  that  for  the 
space  of  a  league  from  land  there  was  but  a  fadome 
water.  On  the  Northeast  side  from  the  said  Cape  about 
7.  or  8,  leagues  there  is  another  Cape  of  land,  in  the 
middest  whereof  there  is  a  Bay  fashioned  trianglewise, 
very  deepe,  &  as  farre  off  as  we  could  ken  from  it  the 
same  lieth  Northeast.  The  said  Bay  is  compassed  about 
with  sands  and  shelves  about  10.  leagues  from  land,  and 
there  is  but  two  fadome  water :  from  the  said  Cape  to 
the  bank  of  the  other,  there  is  about  15.  leagues.  We 
being  a  crosse  the  said  Capes,  discovered  another  land 
and  Cape,  and  as  farre  as  we  could  ken,  it  lay  North 
and  by  East.  All  that  night  the  weather  was  very  ill, 
and  great  winds,  so  that  wee  were  constrained  to  beare 
a  smal  saile  until  the  next  morning,  being  the  thirde  of 
July  when  the  winde  came  from  the  West :  and  we 
sailed  Northward  to  have  a  sight  of  the  land  that  we 
had  left  on  the  Northeast  side,  above  the  low  lands, 
among  which  high  and  low  lands  there  is  a  gulfe  or 
breach  in  some  places  about  ^^.  fadome  deepe,  and  15. 
leagues  in  bredth.  By  reason  of  the  great  depth  and 
bredth  of  the  gulfe,  and  change  of  the  lands,  we  con- 
ceived hope  that  wee  should  finde  a  passage,  like  unto 
The  passage  the  passage  of  The  Castles.  The  said  gulfe  lieth  East 
de  Chasteaux.  Northeast,  and  West  southwest.  The  ground  that 
lieth  on  the  Southside  of  the  said  gulfe,  is  as  good 
and  easie  to  be  manured,  and  full  of  as  goodly  fields 
and  meadowes,    as    any  that    ever    wee    have    seene,    as 

196 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534- 
plaine   and  smooth   as  any  die :    and    that    which    lyeth 
on    the    North    is   a  countrey  altogether    hilly,    full    of 
woods,  and  very  high  and  great  trees  of  sundry  sorts  : 
among  the  rest  there  are  as  goodly  Ceders,   and    Firre  ^''^^-f  ^^J^  ^° 
trees,  as   possibly  can    be    scene,  able   to    make    mastes  ^^^^^^^11°) 
for  ships  of  three  hundred  Tunne :   neither  did  we   see 
any  place    that  was  not    full  of  the  saide  trees,   except 
two   onely  that  were  full  of  goodly  medowes,  with  two 
very  faire  lakes.     The  middest  of  the   said   Bay  is    47. 
degrees  and  halfe  in  latitude. 

Of  the  Cape  D'Esperance,  or  the  Cape  of  Hope,  and  [HI.  207.] 
of  S.  Martins  Creeke,  and  how  7.  boats  full  of 
wilde  men  comming  to  our  boat,  would  not  retire 
themselves,  but  being  terrified  with  our  Culverins 
which  we  shot  at  them,  and  our  lances,  they  fled 
with  great  hast. 

THe  Cape  of  the  said  South  land  was  called  The 
Cape  of  Hope,  through  the  hope  that  there  we 
had  to  finde  some  passage.  The  fourth  of  July  we 
went  along  the  coast  of  the  said  land  on  the  Northerly 
side  to  finde  some  harborough,  where  wee  entred  into 
a  creeke  altogether  open  toward  the  South,  where  there 
is  no  succour  against  the  wind :  we  thought  good  to 
name  it  S.  Martines  Creeke.  There  we  stayed  from 
the  fourth  of  July  until  the  twelfth :  while  we  were 
there,  on  Munday  being  the  sixth  of  the  moneth,  Ser- 
vice being  done,  wee  with  one  of  our  boates  went  to 
discover  a  Cape  and  point  of  land  that  on  the  Westerne 
side  was  about  seven  or  eight  leagues  from  us,  to  see 
which  way  it  did  bend,  and  being  within  halfe  a  league 
of  it,  wee  sawe  two  companies  of  boates  of  wilde  men  f^^^^^^  "^  5° 
going  from  one  land  to  the  other:  their  boates  were  in  J^J^/ 
number  about  fourtie  or  fiftie.  One  part  of  the  which 
came  to  the  said  point,  and  a  great  number  of  the 
men  went  on  shore  making  a  great  noise,  beckening 
unto  us  that  wee  should  come  on  land,  shewing  us 
certaine  skinnes   upon  pieces  of  wood,  but   because  we 

197 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534. 

had  but  one  onely  boat,  wee  would  not  goe  to  them, 
but  went  to  the  other  side  lying  in  the  Sea :  they 
seeing  us  flee,  prepared  two  of  their  boats  to  follow 
us,  with  which  came  also  five  more  of  them  that  were 
comming  from  the  Sea  side,  all  which  approched  neere 
unto  our  boate,  dancing,  and  making  many  signes  of 
joy  and  mirth,  as  it  were  desiring  our  friendship,  saying 
in  their  tongue  Napeu  tondamen  assurtah,  with  many 
other  words  that  we  understood  not.  But  because  (as 
we  have  said)  we  had  but  one  boat,  wee  would  not 
stand  to  their  courtesie,  but  made  signes  unto  them 
that  they  should  turne  back,  which  they  would  not  do> 
but  with  great  furie  came  toward  us :  and  suddenly 
with  their  boates  compassed  us  about :  and  because  they 
would  not  away  from  us  by  any  signes  that  we  could 
make,  we  shot  off  two  pieces  among  them,  which  did 
so  terrific  them,  that  they  put  themselves  to  flight 
toward  the  sayde  point,  making  a  great  noise :  and 
having  staid  a  while,  they  began  anew,  even  as  at  the 
first  to  come  to  us  againe,  and  being  come  neere  our 
boat  wee  strucke  at  them  with  two  lances,  which  thing 
was  so  great  a  terrour  unto  them,  that  with  great  hast 
they  beganne  to  flee,  and  would  no  more  follow  us. 

How  the  said  wilde  men  comming  to  our  ships,  and 
our  men  going  toward  them,  both  parties  went  on 
land,  and  how  the  said  wilde  men  with  great  joy 
began  to  trafique  with  our  men. 

THe  next  day  part  of  the  saide  wilde  men  with  nine 
of  their  boates  came  to  the  point  and  entrance  of 
the  Creeke,  where  we  with  our  ships  were  at  road. 
We  being  advertised  of  their  comming,  went  to  the 
point  where  they  were  with  our  boates  :  but  so  soone 
as  they  saw  us,  they  began  to  flee,  making  signes  that 
they  came  to  trafique  with  us,  shewing  us,  such  skinnes 
as  they  cloth  themselves  withall,  which  are  of  small  value. 
We  likewise  made  signes  unto  them,  that  we  wished 
them  no  evill  :    and   in   signe  thereof   two   of  our  men 

198 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1534. 

ventured  to  go  on  land  to  them,  and  cary  them  knives 

with  other  Iron  wares,  and  a  red  hat  to  give  unto  their 
Captaine.  Which  when  they  saw,  they  also  came  on 
land,  and  brought  some  of  their  skinnes,  and  so  began 
to  deale  with  us,  seeming  to  be  very  glad  to  have  our 
iron  wares  and  other  things,  stil  dancing  with  many 
other  ceremonies,  as  with  their  hands  to  cast  Sea  water 
on  their  heads.  They  gave  us  whatsoever  they  had,  not 
keeping  any  thing,  so  that  they  were  constrained  to  goe 
backe  againe  naked,  and  made  us  signes  that  the  next 
day  they  would  come  againe,  and  bring  more  skinnes 
with  them. 

How  that  we  having  sent  two  of  our  men  on  land  with 
wares,  there  came  about  300.  wilde  men  with  great 
gladnesse.  Of  the  qualitie  of  the  countrey,  what  it 
bringeth  foorth,  and  of  the  Bay  called  Baie  du  Chaleur, 
or  The  Bay  of  heat. 

UPon  thursday  being  the  eight  of  the  moneth,  because 
the  winde  was  not  good  to  go  out  with  our  ships, 
we  set  our  boates  in  a  readinesse  to  goe  to  discover  the 
said  Bay,  and  that  day  wee  went  25.  leagues  within  it. 
The  next  day  the  wind  and  weather  being  faire,  we 
sailed  until  noone,  in  which  time  we  had  notice  of  a 
great  part  of  the  said  Bay,  and  how  that  over  the  low 
lands,  there  were  other  lands  with  high  mountaines  :  but 
seeing  that  there  was  no  passage  at  all,  wee  began  to 
turne  back  againe,  taking  our  way  along  the  coast :  &  say- 
ling,  we  saw  certaine  wilde  men  that  stood  upon  the 
shore  of  a  lake,  that  is  among  the  low  grounds,  who  were 
making  fires  and  smokes  :  wee  went  thither,  &  found 
that  there  was  a  chanel  of  the  sea  that  did  enter  into  the 
lake,  and  setting  our  boats  at  one  of  the  banks  of  the 
chanell,  the  wilde  men  with  one  of  their  boates  came 
unto  us,  and  brought  up  pieces  of  Scales  ready  sodden,  [III.  208.] 
putting  them  upon  pieces  of  wood :  then  retiring  them- 
selves, they  would  make  signes  unto  us,  that  they  did 
give    them   us.     Wee    sent   two    men   unto    them    with 

199 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

hatchets,  knives,  beads,  &  other  such  like  ware,  whereat 
they  were  very  glad,  and  by  and  by  in  clusters  they  came 
to  the  shore  where  wee  were,  with  their  boates,  bring- 
ing with  them  skinnes  and  other  such  things  as  they  had, 
Three  hun-      to  have  of  our  wares.     They  were  more  then  300.  men, 

re  gentle       women  and  children :    some  of  the  women  which  came 
bavages.  .    ,  ,  ... 

not  over,  wee  might  see  stand  up  to  the  knees  m  water, 

singing  and  dancing  :  the  other  that  had  passed  the  river 

where  we  were,   came  very  friendly  to  us,   rubbing  our 

armes  with  their  owne  handes,  then  would  they  lift  them 

up   toward  heaven,   shewing  many   signes  of  gladnesse : 

and  in  such  wise  were  wee  assured  one  of  another,  that 

we  very  familiarly  began  to  trafique  for  whatsoever  they 

had,  til  they   had   nothing  but   their  naked   bodies ;  for 

they  gave  us  all  whatsoever  they  had,  and  that  was  but  of 

small  value.     We  perceived  that  this  people  might  very 

easily   be    converted  to   our    Religion.     They  goe   from 

place    to    place.     They    live    onely    with    fishing.     They 

have  an  ordinarie  time  to  fish  for  their  provision.     The 

countrey  is  hotter  then  the  countrey  of  Spaine,  and  the 

fairest  that  can  possibly  be  found,  altogether  smooth,  and 

level.     There  is  no  place  be  it  never  so  little,  but  it  hath 

some  trees  (yea  albeit  it  be  sandie)  or  else  is  full  of  wilde 

corne,  that  hath  an  eare  like  unto  Rie :  the  corne  is  like 

oates,   and   smal   peason   as   thicke    as   if  they  had   bene 

sowen   and  plowed,   white    and    red    gooseberies,    straw- 

beries,    blackberies,    white    and    red    Roses,    with    many 

other  floures  of  very  sweet  and  pleasant  smell.     There 

be  also  many  goodly  medowes  full  of  grasse,  and  lakes 

wherein  great  plentie  of  salmons  be.     They  call  a  hatchet 

in  their  tongue  Cochi,  and  a  knife  Bacon :   we  named  it 

Baye  du  Cha-  The  bay  of  heat. 

leur,  or  the 

Bay  of  heat.  ^  Of  another  nation  of  wilde  men  :   of  their 

maners,  living  and  clothing. 

lEing  certified  that  there  was  no  passage  through  the 

said  Bay,  we  hoised  saile,  and  went  from  S.  Martines 

Creeke  upon  Sunday  being  the  12.  of  July,  to  goe  and  dis- 


B" 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1534- 
cover  further  beyond  the  said  Bay,  and  went  along  the 
sea  coast  Eastward  about  eighteene  leagues,  till  we  came 
to  the  Cape  of  Prato,  where  we  found  the  tide  very  great, 
but  shallow  ground,  and  the  Sea  stormie,  so  that  we  were 
constrained  to  draw  toward  shore,  betweene  the  said  Cape 
and  an  Hand  lying  Eastward,  about  a  league  from  the 
said  Cape,  where  we  cast  ancker  for  that  night.  The 
next  morning  we  hoised  saile  to  trend  the  said  coast 
about,  which  lyeth  North  Northeast.  But  there  rose 
such  a  stormie  and  raging  winde  against  us,  that  we  were 
constrained  to  come  to  the  place  againe,  from  whence  we 
were  come :  there  did  we  stay  all  that  day  til  the  next  that 
we  hoised  up  saile,  and  came  to  the  middest  of  a  river 
five  or  sixe  leagues  from  the  Cape  of  Prato  Northward, 
and  being  overthwart  the  said  River,  there  arose  againe  a 
contrary  winde,  with  great  fogges  and  stormes.  So  that 
we  were  constrained  upon  Tuesday  being  the  fourteenth 
of  the  moneth  to  enter  into  the  river,  and  there  did  we 
stay  till  the  sixteenth  of  the  moneth  looking  for  faire 
weather  to  come  out  of  it :  on  which  day  being  Thurs- 
day, the  winde  became  so  raging  that  one  of  our  ships 
lost  an  ancker,  and  we  were  constrained  to  goe  up  higher 
into  the  river  seven  or  eight  leagues,  into  a  good  harbo- 
rough  and  ground  that  we  with  our  boates  found  out, 
and  through  the  evill  weather,  tempest,  and  darkenesse 
that  was,  wee  stayed  in  the  said  harborough  till  the  five 
and  twentieth  of  the  moneth,  not  being  able  to  put  out : 
in  the  meane  time  wee  sawe  a  great  multitude  of  wilde 
men  that  were  fishing  for  mackerels,  whereof  there  is 
great  store.  Their  boates  were  about  40,  and  the  persons 
what  with  men,  women  &  children  two  hundred,  which 
after  they  had  hanted  our  company  a  while,  they  came 
very  familiarly  with  their  boats  to  the  sides  of  our  ships. 
We  gave  them  knives,  combes,  beads  of  glasse,  and  other 
trifles  of  small  value,  for  which  they  made  many  signes  of 
gladnesse,  lifting  their  hands  up  to  heaven  dancing  and 
singing  in  their  boates.  These  men  may  very  well  and 
truely  be  called  Wilde,  because  there  is  no  poorer  people 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1534. 

in  the  world.  For  I  thinke  all  that  they  had  together, 
besides  their  boates  and  nets  was  not  worth  five  souce. 
They  goe  altogether  naked  saving  their  privities,  which 
are  covered  with  a  little  skinne,  and  certaine  olde  skinnes 
that  they  cast  upon  them.  Neither  in  nature  nor  in 
language,  doe  they  any  whit  agree  with  them  which  we 
found  first :  their  heads  be  altogether  shaven,  except  one 
bush  of  haire  which  they  suffer  to  grow  upon  the  top  of 
their  crowne  as  long  as  a  horse  taile,  &  then  with  certaine 
leather  strings  binde  it  in  a  knot  upon  their  heads. 
They  have  no  other  dwelling  but  their  boates,  which 
they  turne  upside  downe,  and  under  them  they  lay  them- 
selves all  along  upon  the  bare  ground.  They  eate  their 
flesh  almost  raw,  save  onely  that  they  heate  it  a  little  upon 
imbers  of  coales,  so  doe  they  their  fish.  Upon  Magda- 
lens  day  we  with  our  boates  went  to  the  bancke  of  the 
river,  and  freely  went  on  shore  among  them,  whereat  they 
made  many  signes,  and  all  their  men  in  two  or  three 
companies  began  to  sing  and  dance,  seeming  to  be  very 
glad  of  our  comming.  They  had  caused  all  the  yong 
women  to  flee  into  the  wood,  two  or  three  excepted,  that 

[III.  209.]  stayed  with  them,  to  ech  of  which  we  gave  a  combe,  and 
a  little  bell  made  of  Tinne,  for  which  they  were  very  glad, 
thanking  our  Captaine,  rubbing  his  armes  and  breasts 
with  their  hands.  When  the  men  saw  us  give  something 
unto  those  that  had  stayed,  it  caused  al  the  rest  to  come 
out  of  the  wood,  to  the  end  they  should  have  as  much  as 
the  others :  These  women  were  about  twenty,  who  alto- 
gether in  a  knot  fell  upon  our  Captaine,  touching  and 
rubbing  him  with  their  hands,  according  to  their  maner  of 
cherishing  and  making  much  of  one,  who  gave  to  each 
of  them  a  little  Tinne  bell :  then  suddenly  they  began  to 
dance,  and  sing  many  songs.  There  we  found  great 
store  of  Mackrels,  that  they  had  taken  upon  the  shore, 
with  certaine  nets  that  they  make  to  fish,  of  a  kind  of 

Hempe.  Hempe  that  groweth  in  that  place  where  ordinarily  they 
abide,  for  they  never  come  to  the  sea,  but  onely  in  fishing 
time.     As  farre  as  I  understand,  there  groweth  likewise  a 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534. 

kinde  of  Millet  as  big  as   Peason,  like  unto  that  which  Maiz. 

groweth  in  Bresil,   which    they   eate   in   stead   of  bread. 

They  had  great  store  of  it.     They  call  it  in  their  tongue 

Kapaige.     They  have  also  Prunes  (that  is  to  say  Dam-  Damsins^figs, 

sins)  which  they  dry  for  winter  as  we  doe,  they  call  them  '^^^^'  '^PP''^^- 

Honesta.     They  have  also  Figs,  Nuts,  Apples,  and  other 

fruits,  and  Beans,  that  they  call  Sahu,  their  nuts  Cahehya. 

If  we  shewed  them  any  thing   that  they  have  not,   nor 

know  not  what  it  is,  shaking  their  heads,   they  will  say 

Nohda,  which  is  as  much  to  say,  they  have  it  not,   nor 

they  know  it  not.     Of  those  things  they  have,  they  would 

with  signes  shew  us  how  to  dresse  them,  and  how  they 

grow.     They   eate   nothing  that  hath  any  taste  of  salt. 

They  are  very  great  theeves,  for  they  will  filch  and  steale 

whatsoever    they   can   lay  hold   of,   and    all    is    fish    that 

commeth  to  net. 

%  How  our  men  set  up  a  great  Crosse  upon  the  point 
of  the  sayd  Porte,  and  the  Captaine  of  those  wild 
men,  after  a  long  Oration,  was  by  our  Captain 
appeased,  and  contented  that  two  of  his  Children 
should  goe  with  him. 

UPon  the  24  of  the  moneth,  wee  caused  a  faire 
high  Crosse  to  be  made  of  the  height  of  thirty 
foote,  which  was  made  in  the  presence  of  many  of 
them,  upon  the  point  of  the  entrance  of  the  sayd  haven, 
in  the  middest  whereof  we  hanged  up  a  Shield  with 
three  Floure  de  Luces  in  it,  and  in  the  top  was  carved 
in  the  wood  with  Anticke  letters  this  posie,  Vive  le  This  haven 
Roy  de  France.  Then  before  them  all  we  set  it  upon  '^^^^^  f"  ^^ 
the  sayd  point.  They  with  great  heed  beheld  both  the 
making  and  setting  of  it  up.  So  soone  as  it  was  up, 
we  altogether  kneeled  downe  before  them,  with  our 
hands  toward  Heaven,  yeelding  God  thankes :  and  we 
made  signes  unto  them,  shewing  them  the  Heavens, 
and  that  all  our  salvation  dependeth  onely  on  him 
which  in  them  dwelleth :  whereat  they  shewed  a  great 
admiration,  looking  first  one  at  another,  and   then  upon 

203 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534. 

the  Crosse.  And  after  wee  were  returned  to  our  ships, 
their  Captaine  clad  with  an  old  Beares  skin,  with  three 
of  his  sonnes,  and  a  brother  of  his  with  him,  came  unto 
us  in  one  of  their  boates,  but  they  came  not  so  neere 
us  as  they  were  wont  to  doe :  there  he  made  a  long 
Oration  unto  us,  shewing  us  the  crosse  we  had  set  up, 
and  making  a  crosse  with  two  fingers,  then  did  he  shew 
us  all  the  Countrey  about  us,  as  if  he  would  say  that 
all  was  his,  and  that  wee  should  not  set  up  any  crosse 
without  his  leave.  His  talke  being  ended,  we  shewed 
him  an  Axe,  faining  that  we  would  give  it  him  for  his 
skin,  to  which  he  listned,  for  by  little  and  little  hee 
Two  savages  came  neere  our  ships.  One  of  our  fellowes  that  was  in 
taken.  q^j.    boate,    tooke   hold    on    theirs,  and    suddenly    leapt 

into  it,  with  two  or  three  more,  who  enforced  them  to 
enter  into  our  ships,  wherat  they  were  greatly  astonished. 
But  our  Captain  did  straightwaies  assure  them,  that  they 
should  have  no  harme,  nor  any  injurie  offred  them  at 
all,  &  entertained  them  very  friendly,  making  them  eate 
and  drinke.  Then  did  we  shew  them  with  signes,  that 
the  crosse  was  but  onely  set  up  to  be  as  a  light  and 
leader  which  wayes  to  enter  into  the  port,  and  that 
wee  would  shortly  come  againe,  and  bring  good  store 
of  iron  wares  &  other  things,  but  that  we  would  take 
two  of  his  children  with  us,  &  afterward  bring  them 
to  the  sayd  port  againe :  and  so  wee  clothed  two  of 
them  in  shirts,  and  coloured  coates,  with  red  cappes, 
and  put  about  every  ones  necke  a  copper  chaine,  whereat 
they  were  greatly  contented :  then  gave  they  their  old 
clothes  to  their  fellowes  that  went  backe  againe,  and  we 
gave  to  each  one  of  those  three  that  went  backe,  a 
hatchet,  and  some  knives,  which  made  them  very  glad. 
After  these  were  gone,  and  had  told  the  newes  unto 
their  fellowes,  in  the  after  noone  there  came  to  our 
ships  sixe  boates  of  them,  with  five  or  sixe  men  in 
every  one,  to  take  their  farewels  of  those  two  we  had 
detained  to  take  with  us,  and  brought  them  some  fish, 
uttering    many   words    which    we    did    not    understand, 

204 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1534- 
making  signes  that  they   would   not  remove   the   crosse 
we  had  set  up. 

f  How  after  we  were  departed  from  the  sayd  porte, 
following  our  voyage  along  the  sayd  coast,  we  went 
to  discover  the  land  lying  Southeast,  and  Northwest. 

THe  next  day,  being  the  25  of  the  moneth,  we  had 
faire  weather,  and  went  from  the  said  port :  and 
being  out  of  the  river,  we  sailed  Eastnortheast,  for 
after  the  entrance  into  the  said  river,  the  land  is  [III.  210.] 
environed  about,  and  maketh  a  bay  in  maner  of  halfe 
a  circle,  where  being  in  our  ships,  we  might  see  all 
the  coast  sayling  behind,  which  we  came  to  seeke,  the 
land  lying  Southeast  and  Northwest,  the  course  of  which 
was  distant  from  the  river  about  twentie  leagues. 

Of  the  Cape  S.  Alvise,  and  Cape  Memorancie,  and 
certaine  other  lands,  and  how  one  of  our  Boates 
touched  a  Rocke  and  suddenly  went  over  it. 

ON  munday  being  the  27  of  the  moneth,  about 
sunne-set  we  went  along  the  said  land,  as  we 
have  said,  lying  Southeast  &  Northwest,  till  Wednesday 
that  we  saw  another  Cape  where  the  land  beginneth  to 
bend  toward  the  East :  we  went  along  about  1 5  leagues, 
then  doeth  the  land  begin  to  turne  Northward.  About 
three  leagues  from  the  sayd  Cape  we  sounded,  and 
found  24  fadome  water.  The  said  lands  are  plaine,  and 
the  fairest  and  most  without  woods  that  we  have  scene, 
with  goodly  greene  fields  and  medowes :  we  named  the 
sayd  Cape  S.  Alvise  Cape,  because  that  was  his  day :  it 
is  49  degrees  and  a  halfe  in  latitude,  and  in  longitude*. 
On  Wednesday  morning  we  were  on  the  East  side  of 
the  Cape,  and  being  almost  night  we  went  Northwest- 
ward for  to  approch  neere  to  the  sayd  land,  which 
trendeth  North  and  South.  From  S.  Alvise  Cape  to 
another  called  Cape  Memorancie,  about  fifteene  leagues, 
the  land  beginneth  to  bend  Northwest.  About  three 
leagues  from  the   sayd   Cape   we    would    needes    sound, 

205 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

but  wee  could  finde  no  ground  at  150  fadome,  yet 
went  we  along  the  said  land,  about  tenne  leagues,  to 
the  latitude  of  50  degrees.  The  Saturday  following, 
Fifty  degrees  being  the  first  of  August,  by  Sunne  rising,  wee  had 
of  latitude,  certaine  other  landes,  lying  North  and  Northeast,  that 
were  very  high  and  craggie,  and  seemed  to  be  moun- 
taines :  betweene  which  were  other  low  lands  with  woods 
and  rivers :  wee  went  about  the  sayd  lands,  as  well  on 
the  one  side  as  on  the  other,  still  bending  Northwest, 
to  see  if  it  were  either  a  gulfe,  or  a  passage,  untill 
the  fift  of  the  moneth.  The  distance  from  one  land  to 
the  other  is  about  fifteene  leagues.  The  middle  be- 
tweene them  both  is  50  degrees  and  a  terce  in  latitude. 
We  had  much  adoe  to  go  five  miles  farther,  the  winds 
were  so  great,  and  the  tide  against  us.  And  at  five 
miles  end,  we  might  plainely  see  and  perceive  land  on 
both  sides,  which  there  beginneth  to  spread  it  selfe, 
but  because  we  rather  fell,  then  got  way  against  the 
wind,  we  went  toward  land,  purposing  to  goe  to 
another  Cape  of  land,  lying  Southward,  which  was  the 
farthermost  out  into  the  sea  that  we  could  see,  about 
five  leagues  from  us,  but  so  soone  as  we  came  thither, 
we  found  it  to  be  naught  else  but  Rockes,  stones,  & 
craggie  cliffes,  such  as  we  had  not  found  any  where 
since  we  had  sailed  Southward  from  S  Johns  Cape : 
and  then  was  the  tide  with  us,  which  caried  us  against 
the  wind  Westward,  so  that  as  we  were  sayling  along 
the  sayd  coast,  one  of  our  boats  touched  a  Rocke, 
and  suddenly  went  over,  but  we  were  constrained  to 
leape  out  for  to  direct  it  on  according  to  the  tide. 

How  after  we  had  agreed  and  consulted  what  was  best 
to  be  done,  we  purposed  to  returne:  and  of  S. 
Peters  Streight,  and  of  Cape  Tiennot. 

AFter  we  had  sailed  along  the  sayd  coast,  for  the 
space  of  two  houres,  behold,  the  tide  began  to 
turne  against  us,  with  so  swift  and  raging  a  course, 
that   it  was  not   possible    for  us   with    13   oares   to   row 

206 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1534- 

or  get  one  stones  cast  farther,  so  that  we  were  con- 
strained to  leave  our  boates  with  some  of  our  men  to 
guard  them,  and  lo  or  12  men  went  ashore  to  the 
sayd  Cape,  where  we  found  that  the  land  beginneth  to 
bend  Southwest,  which  having  seene,  we  came  to  our 
boats  againe,  and  so  to  our  ships,  which  were  stil  ready 
under  saile,  hoping  to  go  forward :  but  for  all  that, 
they  were  fallen  more  then  foure  leagues  to  leeward 
from  the  place  where  we  had  left  them,  where  so  soone 
as  we  came,  wee  assembled  together  all  our  Captaines, 
Masters,  and  Mariners,  to  have  their  advice  and  opinion 
what  was  best  to  be  done :  and  after  that  every  one 
had  said,  considering  that  the  Easterly  winds  began  to 
beare  sway,  and  blow,  &  that  the  flood  was  so  great, 
that  we  did  but  fall,  and  that  there  was  nothing  to  be 
gotten,  and  that  stormes  and  tempests  began  to  reigne 
in  Newfound  land,  and  that  we  were  so  farre  from 
home,  not  knowing  the  perils  and  dangers  that  were 
behind,  for  either  we  must  agree  to  returne  home 
againe,  or  els  to  stay  there  all  the  yeere.  Moreover, 
we  did  consider,  that  if  the  Northerne  winds  did  take 
us,  it  were  not  possible  for  us  to  depart  thence.  All 
which  opinions  being  heard  and  considered,  we  alto- 
gether determined  to  addresse  our  selves  homeward. 
Nowe  because  upon  Saint  Peters  day  wee  entred  into 
the  sayd  Streite,  wee  named  it  Saint  Peters  Streite.  The  Streit  of 
Wee  sounded  it  in  many  places,  in  some  wee  found  ^-P^^^''- 
150  fadome  water,  in  some  100,  and  neere  the  shoare 
sixtie,  and  cleere  ground.  From  that  day  till  Wednes- 
day following,  we  had  a  good  and  prosperous  gale  of 
winde,  so  that  we  trended  the  said  North  shore  East, 
Southeast,  West  Northwest :  for  such  is  the  situation 
of  it,  except  one  Cape  of  low  lands  that  bendeth  more 
toward  the  Southeast,  about  twenty  five  leagues  from 
the  Streight.  In  this  place  we  saw  certaine  smokes,  [III.  211.] 
that  the  people  of  the  countrey  made  upon  the  sayd 
cape :  but  because  the  wind  blewe  us  toward  the  coast, 
we  went  not  to  them,  which  when  they  saw,  they  came 

207 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1534- 

with  two  boates  and  twelve  men  unto  us,  and  as  freely 
came  unto  our  ships,  as  if  they  had  bene  French  men,  and 
gave  us  to  understand,  that  they  came  from  the  great 
gulfe,  and  that  Tiennot  was  their  Captaine,  who  then  was 
upon  that  Cape,  making  signes  unto  us,  that  they  were 
going  home  to  their  Countreys  whence  we  were  come 
with  our  ships,  and  that  they  were  laden  with  Fish.  We 
Cape  Tiennot.  named  the  sayd  Cape,  Cape  Tiennot.  From  the  said 
Cape  all  the  land  trendeth  Eastsoutheast,  and  Westnorth- 
west.  All  these  lands  lie  low,  very  pleasant,  environed 
with  sand,  where  the  sea  is  entermingled  with  marishes 
and  shallowes,  the  space  of  twentie  leagues :  then  doth 
the  land  begin  to  trend  from  West  to  Eastnortheast 
altogether  environed  with  Islands  two  or  three  leagues 
from  land,  in  which  as  farre  as  we  could  see,  are  many 
dangerous  shelves  more  then  foure  or  five  leagues  from 
land. 

How  that  upon  the  ninth  of  August  wee  entred  within 
White  Sands,  and  upon  the  fift  of  September  we 
came  to  the  Port  of  S.   Malo. 

FRom  the  sayd  Wednesday  untill  Saturday  following, 
we  had  a  p-reat  wind  from  the  Southwest,  which 
caused  us  to  run  Eastnortheast,  on  which  day  we  came  to 
the  Easterly  partes  of  Newfoundland,  between  the  Granges 
and  the  Double  Cape.  There  began  great  stormie  winds 
comming  from  the  East  with  great  rage :  wherfore  we 
coasted  the  Cape  Northnorthwest,  to  search  the  Nor- 
therne  part,  which  is  (as  we  have  sayd)  all  environed 
with  Islands,  and  being  neere  the  said  Islands  and  land, 
the  wind  turned  into  the  South,  which  brought  us  within 
the  sayd  gulfe,  so  that  the  next  day  being  the  9  of 
August,  we  by  the  grace  of  God  entred  within  the  White 
Sands.  And  this  is  so  much  as  we  have  discovered. 
After  that,  upon  the  1 5  of  August,  being  the  feast  of  the 
Assumption  of  our  Lady,  after  that  we  had  heard  service, 
we  altogether  departed  from  the  porte  of  White  Sands, 
and  with  a  happy  and  prosperous  weather  we  came  into 

208 


JACQUES    CARTIER 

the  middle  of  the  sea,  that  is  between  Newfoundland  and 
Britanie,  in  which  place  we  were  tost  and  turmoyled 
three  dayes  long  with  great  stormes  and  windy  tem- 
pests comming  from  the  East,  which  with  the  ayde 
and  assistance  of  God  we  suffred :  then  had  we  faire 
weather,  and  upon  the  fift  of  September,  in  the  sayd 
yere,  we  came  to  the  port  of  S.  Malo  whence  we 
departed. 

The  language  that  is  spoken   in   the  Land  newly 
discovered,  called  New  France. 


A.D. 

1534- 


God 

the  Sunne 
the  Heaven 
the  Day 
the  Night 
Water 
Sand 
a  Sayle 
the  Head 
the  Throate 
the  Nose 
the  Teeth 
the  Nayles 
the  Feete 
the  Legs 
a  dead  man 
a  Skinne 
that  Man 
a  Hatchet 

a  Cod  fish 

good  to  be 

eaten 
Flesh 
Almonds 
Figs 


Isnez 
camet 


aiagla 
ame 
estogaz 
aganie 
agonaze 
conguedo 
hehonguesto 
hesangue 
agetascu 
ochedasco 
anoudasco 
amocdaza 
aionasca 
yea 

asogne 
gadagour- 
sere 

guesande 


anougaza 
asconda 


Gold 
the  privie 
members 
an   Arrow 
a  greene 

Tree 
an  earthen 

dish 
a  Bow 
Brasse 
the  Brow 
a  Feather 
the  Moone 
the  Earth 
the  Wind 
the  Raine 
Bread 
the  Sea 
a  Ship 
a  Man 
the  Haires 
the  Eyes 
the  Mouth 
the  Eares 
the  Armes 
a  Woman 
09 


henyosco 
assegnega 
cacta 
haveda 

undaco 

aignetaze 
ansce 
yco 

casmogan 
conda 
canut 
onnoscon 
cacacomy 
amet 
casaomy 
undo 

hoc  hosco 
ygata 
heche 
hontasco 
agescu 
enrasesco 
o 


A.D. 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 


1534. 
[III.  212.] 


a  sicke  Man 

Shooes 

a  skinne  to' 

cover  a 

mans 

privy 

members 


alovedeche 
atta 

f  ouscozon 
[  vondico 


red  cloth 

cahoneta 

a  Knife 

agoheda 

a  Mackrell 

agedoneta 

Nuttes 

caheya 

Apples 

honesta 

Beanes 

sahe 

a  Sword 

achesco 

A  shorte  and  briefe  narration  of  the  Navigation 
made  by  the  commandement  of  the  King  of 
France,  to  the  Islands  of  Canada,  Hochelaga, 
Saguenay,  and  divers  others  which  now  are 
called  New  France,  with  the  particular  cus- 
tomes,  and  maners  of  the  inhabitants  therein. 

Chap.  I . 


N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1535,  upon 
Whitsunday,  being  the  16.  of  May,  by 
the  commandement  of  our  Captaine 
James  Cartier,  and  with  a  common 
accord,  in  the  Cathedrall  Church  of  S. 
Malo  we  devoutly  each  one  confessed 
our  selves,  and  received  the  Sacrament : 
and  all  entring  into  the  Quier  of  the  sayd  Church,  wee 
presented  our  selves  before  the  Reverend  Father  in 
Christ,  the  Lord  Bishop  of  S.  Malo,  who  blessed  us  all, 
being  in  his  Bishops  roabes.  The  Wednesday  following, 
being  the  19  of  May,  there  arose  a  good  gale  of  wind, 
and  therefore  we  hoysed  sayle  with  three  ships,  that  is  to 
say,  the  great  Hermina,  being  in  burden  about  a  hun- 
dreth,  or  a  hundreth  and  twenty  tunne,  wherin  the  fore- 
said Captaine  James  Cartier  was  Generall,  and  master 
Thomas  Frosmont  chiefe  Master,  accompanied  with 
master  Claudius  de  Pont  Briand,  sonne  to  the  Lorde  of 
Montcevell,  and  Cup-bearer  to  the  Dolphin  of  France, 
Charles  of  Pomeraies,  John  Powlet,  and  other  Gentlemen. 
In  the  second  ship  called   the   little   Hermina,  being  of 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 

threescore  tunne  burden,  were  Captaines  under  the  sayd 
Cartier,  Mace  Salobert,  and  master  William   Marie.     In 
the   third    ship    called    the  Hermerillon,   being   of  forty 
tunne  in   burden,   were    Captains    M.    William    Britton, 
and  M.  James  Maingare.     So  we  sayled  with  a  good  and 
prosperous  wind,   untill   the  20  of  the  said   moneth,  at 
which  time  the  weather  turned  into  stormes  and  tempests, 
the  which  with  contrary  winds,  and  darkenesse,  endured 
so  long  that  our  ships  being  without  any  rest,  suffered  as 
much  as  any  ships  that  ever  went  on  seas :  so  that  the  2  5 
of  June,  by  reason  of  that  foule  and  foggie  weather,  all 
our  ships  lost  sight  one  of  another  againe  till  wee  came 
to  Newfound    land  where   we   had  appointed   to  meete. 
After  we  had  lost  one  another,  wee  in  the  Generals  ship 
were  with  contrary  windes  tost  to   and  fro  on   the  sea, 
untill  the  seventh  of  July,  upon  which  day  we  arrived  in 
Newe  found  land,  and  came   to  the   Island   called    The 
Island  of  Birds,   which   lyeth   from   the   maine   land    14 
leagues.     This   Island   is  so   full  of  birds,   that   all   our 
ships  might  easily  have  bene  fraighted  with  them,  &  yet 
for  the  great  number  that  there  is,  it  would  not  seeme 
that  any  were  taken  away.     We  to  victuall  our   selves 
filled   two   boats    of  them.     This    Island  hath  the  Pole  The  Isle  of 
elevated  49   degrees,  and  40  minutes.     Upon  the  eight  ^"'^'  ^"  +9 
of  the  sayd  moneth  we  sailed  further,  &  with  a  prosperous  „^l^J^^l^ 
weather  came  to  the  Port  called  The  Port  of  white  sands.  The  Bay  des 
that  is  in  the  Bay  called  The  Bay  of  Castels,  where  we  Chasteaux  or 
had  purposed  to  meete  &  stay  together  the  1 5  of  the  said  ^-^^  Grand 
moneth.     In    this    place    therefore    we    looked    for    our     ^'^' 
fellowes,  that  is  to  say,  the  other  two  ships,  till  the  26 
of  the  moneth,  on  which   day  both   came  together.     So 
soone  as  our   fellowes  were  come,   we   set  our  ships  in 
a  readines,  taking  in  both  water,  wood,  &  other  neces- 
saries.    And  then  on  the  29  of  the  sayd  moneth,  early 
in  the  morning  we  hoised  saile  to  passe   on   further,   & 
sayling  along  the  Northerne  coast  that   runneth  North- 
east and   Southwest,    til    two    houres    after    Sun-set    or 
thereabouts,  then   we  crossed   along  two   Islands,  which 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

doe  stretch  further  foorth  then  the  others,  which  we 
called  S.  Williams  Islands,  being  distant  about  20  leagues 
or  more  from  the  Port  of  Brest.  All  the  coast  from  the 
Castels  to  that  place  lieth  East  &  West,  Northeast  & 
Southwest,  having  betweene  it  sundry  little  Islands, 
altogether  barren  and  full  of  stones,  without  either  earth 
or  trees,  except  certain  valleys  only.  The  next  day  being 
the  30  of  July,  we  sailed  on  Westward  to  find  out  other 
Islands  which  as  yet  we  had  not  found  12  leagues  and  a 
halfe,  among  which  there  is  a  great  Bay  toward  the  North 
all  full  of  Islands  and  great  creekes  where  many  good 
harboroughs  seeme  to  be :  them  we  named  S.  Marthas 
Islands,  from  which  about  a  league  and  a  halfe  further 
into  the  sea  there  is  a  dangerous  shallow,  wherein  are 
five  rockes,  which  lie  from  Saint  Marthas  Islands  about 
seven  leagues  as  you  passe  into  the  sayd  Islands,  on  the 
East  &  on  the  West  side,  to  which  we  came  the  sayd 
day  an  houre  after  noone,  &  from  that  houre  untill  mid- 
night we  sailed  about  fifteene  leagues  athwart  a  cape  of 
the  lower  Islands,  which  we  named  S.  Germans  Islands 
Southeastward,  from  which  place  about  three  leagues, 
there  is  a  very  dangerous  shallow.  Likewise  betweene  S. 
Germans  cape  and  Saint  Marthas,  about  two  leagues 
[III.  213.]  from  the  sayd  Islands,  there  lyeth  a  banke  of  sand,  upon 
which  banke  the  water  is  but  foure  fadome  deepe,  and 
therefore  seeing  the  danger  of  the  coast,  we  strucke  saile 
and  went  no  further  that  night :  The  next  day  being  the 
last  of  July,  we  went  all  along  the  coast  that  runneth 
East  and  West,  and  somewhat  Southeasterly  which  is 
all  environed  about  with  Islands  and  drie  sands,  and  in 
trueth  is  very  dangerous.  The  length  from  S.  Germans 
Cape  to  the  said  Islands  is  about  17  leagues  and  a  halfe, 
at  the  end  of  which  there  is  a  goodly  plot  of  ground 
full  of  huge  and  high  trees,  albeit  the  rest  of  the  coast 
be  compassed  about  with  sands  without  any  signe  or 
Cape  Thien-  shew  of  harboroughs,  till  we  came  to  Cape  Thiennot, 
"^'-  which    trendeth     Northwest    about    seven    leagues    from 

the  foresaid   Islands,  which  Cape  Thiennot  we  noted  in 

212 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1535. 
our   former  voyage,  and  therefore  we  sailed  on  all  that 
night  West  and  Westnorthwest,  till  it  was  day,  and  then 
the  wind  turned  against  us,  wherefore  we  went  to  seeke 
a  haven   wherein  we  might   harbour  our    ships,   and  by 
good  hap,  found  one    fit  for  our   purpose,  about    seven 
leagues  and  a  halfe  beyond  Cape  Thiennot,  &   that  we 
named  S.  Nicholas  Haven,  it  lieth  amidst  4  Islands  that  Po^f  ^• 
stretch  into  the  sea :  Upon  the  neerest  wee  for  a  token  ^^'^^°^^^' 
set  up  a  woodden    crosse.     But   note  by  the   way,   that 
this  crosse  must  be  brought   Northeast,  &  then  bending 
toward  it,  leave  it  on  the  left  hand  and  you  shall  find 
sixe  fadome   water,   and  within  the  haven    foure.     Also 
you  are  to  take  heede  of  two  shelves  that  leane  outward 
halfe    a  league.     All    this    coast  is   full   of  shoulds   and 
very  dangerous,  albeit  in  sight  many  good  havens  seeme 
to    be   there,  yet  is  there  nought   else  but    shelves    and 
sands.     We    staied   and   rested    our    selves    in  the  sayd 
haven,  untill  the  seventh  of  August  being  Sonday :    on 
which  day  we   hoysed  sayle,  and  came  toward   land   on 
the   South  side   toward    Cape  Rabast,   distant    from    the  Cape  Rabast. 
sayd  haven  about   twentie   leagues    Northnortheast,   and 
Southsouthwest :  but  the  next  day  there  rose  a  stormie 
and   a    contrary  winde,   and    because    we   could   find   no 
haven  there  toward  the  South,  thence  we  went  coasting 
along  toward   the  North,  beyond   the    abovesayd    haven 
about  ten  leagues,  where  we  found  a  goodly  great  gulfe, 
full  of  Islands,  passages,  and  entrances  toward  what  wind 
soever  you    please  to  bend :  for  the   knowledge   of  this 
gulfe  there  is  a  great  Island  that   is  like  to  a  Cape   of 
lande,  stretching  somewhat  further  foorth  than  the  others, 
and  about  two  leagues  within  the  land,  there   is  an   hill 
fashioned  as  it  were  an  heape  of  corne.     We  named  the 
sayd  gulfe  Saint  Laurence  his  bay.     The  twelfth  of  the  The  gulfe  of 
sayd   moneth  wee  went  from  the    sayd    Saint   Laurence  ^-  Laurence. 
his   Bay,  or  gulfe,  sayling  Westward,  and   discovered  a 
Cape  of  land  toward  the  South,  that  runneth  West  and  ^  Cape  of 
by  South,    distant    from    the    sayd    Saint    Laurence    his  ^^  ^^^^  f 
Bay,  about  five  and   twenty  leagues.      And  of  the  two 

213 


A.D. 

1535- 


A  mighty 
skull  of 
Whales. 


The  Isle  of 
Assumption. 


The  mouth  oj 
the  river  of 
Hochelaga 
about  thirty 
leagues  broad. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

wilde  men  which  wee  tooke  in  our  former  voyage,  it 
was  tolde  us,  that  this  was  part  of  the  Southerne  coaste, 
&  that  there  was  an  Island,  on  the  Southerly  parte  of 
which  is  the  way  to  goe  from  Honguedo  (where  the 
yeere  before  we  had  taken  them)  to  Canada,  and  that  two 
dayes  journey  from  the  sayd  Cape,  and  Island  began  the 
Kingdome  of  Saguenay,  on  the  North  shore  extending 
toward  Canada,  and  about  three  leagues  athwart  the  sayd 
Cape,  there  is  above  a  hundreth  fadome  water.  Moreover 
I  beleeve  that  there  were  never  so  many  Whales  seen 
as  wee  saw  that  day  about  the  sayd  Cape.  The  next 
day  after  being  our  Ladie  day  of  August  the  fifteenth 
of  the  moneth,  having  passed  the  Straight,  we  had  notice 
of  certaine  lands  that  wee  left  toward  the  South,  which 
landes  are  full  of  very  great  and  high  hilles,  and  this 
Cape  wee  named  The  Island  of  the  Assumption,  and 
one  Cape  of  the  said  high  countreys  lyeth  Eastnortheast, 
and  Westsouthwest,  the  distance  betweene  which  is  about 
five  and  twenty  leagues.  The  Countreys  lying  North 
may  plainely  be  perceived  to  be  higher  then  the  Southerly, 
more  then  thirty  leagues  in  length.  We  trended  the 
sayd  landes  about  toward  the  South :  from  the  sayd 
day  untill  Tewesday  noone  following,  the  winde  came 
West,  and  therefore  wee  bended  toward  the  North,  pur- 
posing to  goe  and  see  the  land  that  we  before  had 
spied.  Being  arrived  there,  we  found  the  sayd  landes, 
as  it  were  joyned  together,  and  low  toward  the  Sea. 
And  the  Northerly  mountaines  that  are  upon  the  sayd 
low  lands  stretch  East,  and  West,  and  a  quarter  of  the 
South.  Our  wild  men  told  us  that  there  was  the  be- 
ginning of  Saguenay,  and  that  it  was  land  inhabited, 
and  that  thence  commeth  the  red  Copper,  of  them 
named  Caignetdaze.  There  is  betweene  the  Southerly 
lands,  and  the  Northerly  about  thirtie  leagues  distance, 
and  more  then  two  hundreth  fadome  depth.  The  sayd 
men  did  moreover  certifie  unto  us,  that  there  was  the 
way  and  beginning  of  the  great  river  of  Hochelaga 
and    ready  way   to   Canada,   which    river    the    further   it 

214 


JACQUES   CAKTIER  a.d. 

1535. 
went  the  narrower  it  came,  even  into  Canada,  and  that 
then  there  was  fresh  water,  which  went  so  farre  upwards, 
that  they  had  never  heard  of  any  man  who  had  gone 
to  the  head  of  it,  and  that  there  is  no  other  passage 
but  with  small  boates.  Our  Captaine  hearing  their  talke, 
and  how  they  did  affirme  no  other  passage  to  be  there, 
would  not  at  that  time  proceede  any  further,  till  he  had 
seene  and  noted  the  other  lands,  &  coast  toward  the 
North,  which  he  had  omitted  to  see  from  S.  Laurence 
his  gulfe,  because  he  would  know,  if  between  the  lands 
toward  the  North  any  passage  might  be  discovered. 

How   our  Captaine   caused    the  ships   to   returne    backe  [III.  214.] 
againe,   only    to    know    if   in    Saint    Laurence   gulfe 
there  were  any  passage  toward  the  North. 

Chap.  2. 

UPon  the  18  of  August  being  Wednesday,  our 
Captaine  caused  his  shippes  to  wind  backe,  and 
bend  toward  the  other  shore,  so  that  we  trended  the 
said  Northerly  cost,  which  runneth  Northeast  and  South- 
west, being  fashioned  like  unto  halfe  a  bowe,  and  is  a 
very  high  land,  but  yet  not  so  high  as  that  on  the  South 
parts.  The  Thursday  following  we  came  to  seven  very  The  seven 
high  Islands,  which  we  named  The  round  Islands.  These  ^^^^^• 
Islands  are  distant  from  the  South  shore  about  40  leagues, 
and  stretch  out  into  the  sea  about  3  or  4  leagues. 
Against  these  there  are  goodly  low  grounds  to  be  seene 
full  of  goodly  trees,  which  we  the  Friday  following,  with 
our  boats  compassed  about.  Overthwart  these  lands 
there  are  divers  sandy  shelves  more  then  two  leagues 
into  the  sea,  very  dangerous,  which  at  a  low  water 
remaine  almost  dry.  At  the  furthest  bounds  of  these 
lowe  lands,  that  containe  about  ten  leagues,  there  is  a 
river  of  fresh  water,  that  with  such  swiftnesse  runneth  A  swift  river. 
into  the  sea,  that  for  the  space  of  one  league  within  it 
the  water  is  as  fresh  as  any  fountaine  water.  We  with 
our  boates  entred  into  the  sayd  river,  at  the  entrance 
of  which  we  found  about  one  fadome  &  a  halfe  of  water. 

215 


A.D. 

1535. 

Sea-horses. 


The  Isle  of 
Assumption, 
or  Natiscotec. 


A  haven  on 
the  Southerne 
coast. 

A  great 
river. 


S.  Johns  Islets. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

There  are  in  this  river  many  fishes  shaped  like  horses, 
which  as  our  wild  men  told  us,  all  the  day  long  lie  in  the 
water,  and  the  night  on  land :  of  which  we  saw  therin 
a  great  number.  The  next  day  being  the  21  of  the 
moneth,  by  breake  of  day  we  hoysed  saile,  and  sailed 
so  long  along  the  said  coast,  that  we  had  sight  of  the 
rest  of  the  sayd  Northerne  coast,  which  as  yet  we  had 
not  scene,  and  of  the  Island  of  the  Assumption  which 
wee  went  to  discover,  departing  from  the  sayd  land: 
which  thing  so  soone  as  we  had  done,  &  that  we  were 
certified  no  other  passage  to  be  there,  we  came  to  our 
ships  againe,  which  we  had  left  at  the  said  Islands,  where 
is  a  good  harborough,  the  water  being  about  nine  or  ten 
fadome.  In  the  same  place  by  occasion  of  contrary 
winds  &  foggie  mists,  we  were  constrained  to  stay,  not 
being  either  able  to  come  out  of  it,  or  hoise  saile,  till  the 
24  of  the  moneth  :  On  which  day  we  departed  &  came 
to  a  haven  on  the  Southerly  coast  about  80  leagues  from 
the  said  Islands.  This  haven  is  over  against  three  flat 
Islands  that  lie  amidst  the  river,  because  on  the  midway 
betweene  those  Islands,  &  the  sayd  haven  toward  the 
North,  there  is  a  very  great  river  that  runneth  betweene 
the  high  and  low  landes,  and  more  then  three  leagues 
into  the  sea  it  hath  many  shelves,  &  there  is  not 
altogether  two  fadome  water,  so  that  the  place  is  very 
dangerous :  and  neere  unto  the  said  shelves,  there  is 
either  fifteene  or  20  fadomes  from  shore  to  shore.  All 
the  Northerly  coaste  runneth  Northeast  and  by  North, 
and  Southwest  &  by  South.  The  said  haven  wherin 
we  stayed  on  the  South  side,  is  as  it  were  but  a  sluce 
of  the  waters  that  rise  by  the  flood,  &  but  of  smal 
accompt :  we  named  them  S.  Johns  Islets,  because  we 
found  them,  &  entred  into  them  the  day  of  the  behead- 
ing of  that  Saint.  And  before  you  come  to  the  said 
haven,  there  is  an  Island  lying  Eastward  about  5  leagues 
distant  from  the  same :  betweene  which  and  the  land 
there  is  no  passage  saving  only  for  smal  boats.  The 
haven  of  S.  Johns  Islets  dryeth  up  all  the  waters  that  rise 

216 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 
by  flowing,  although  they  flow  two  fadome  at  the  least. 
The  best  place  to  harborough  ships  therein  is  on  the 
South  part  of  a  little  Island  that  is  over  against  the 
said  haven,  whereby  the  bancke  or  shore  of  the  Island 
riseth.  Upon  the  first  of  September  we  departed  out 
of  the  said  haven,  purposing  to  go  toward  Canada ;  & 
about  15  leagues  from  it  toward  the  West,  &  West- 
southwest,  amidst  the  river,  there  are  three  Islands, 
over  against   the   which   there   is   a  river  which  runneth   This  is  the 

swift,    and    is    of  a    great    depth,   &    it    is    that   which  ^'^^^f 
11,  ,  ,   ^.  1^  ,  J1-J  J-  adascu  oi-  of 

leadeth,   and  runneth   mto   the   countrey  and   kmgdome  Samena-i. 

of  Saguenay,  as  by  the  two  wild  men  of  Canada  it  was 

told  us.     This  river  passeth  and  runneth  along  very  high 

and  steepe  hils  of  bare  stone,  where  very  little  earth  is, 

&  notwithstanding  there  is  great  quantity  of  sundry  sorts 

of  trees  that  grow  in  the  said  bare  stones,  even  as  upon 

good  &  fertile  ground,  in  such  sort  that  we  have  seene 

some  so  great  as  wel  would  suflise  to  make  a  mast  for 

a   ship  of  30  tunne  burden,   and  as  greene  as   possibly 

can  be,  growing  in  a  stony  rocke  without  any  earth  at  all. 

At  the  entrance  of  the  sayd  river  we  met  with  4  boats 

ful   of  wild  men,   which  as    far    as   we    could    perceive, 

very  fearfully  came  toward  us,  so  that  some  of  them  went 

backe  againe,   &   the  other   came   as  neere   us   as  easily 

they  might   heare  &  understand   one  of  our  wild  men, 

who   told   them  his  name,  and  then  tooke  acquaintance 

of  them,  upon  whose  word  they  came  to  us.     The  next 

day  being  the  2  of  September,  we  came  out  of  the  sayd 

river  to  go  to  Canada,  and  by  reason  of  the  seas  flowing, 

the  tide  was  very  swift  and  dangerous,  for  that  on  the 

South  part  of  it  there  lie  two  Islands,  about  which,  more 

then  three  leagues  compasse,  lie   many  rocks  and  great 

stones,    &    but    two    fadome    water :    and    the    flowing 

amidst  those   Islands   is  very   unconstant  and   doubtful, 

so  that  if  it   had   not  bene  for  our  boats,  we  had  been 

in  great  danger  to  lose  our  Pinnesse :  &  coasting  along 

the    said    drie    sands,    there    is    more    then    30    fadom 

water. 

217 


A.D. 

1535- 

[III.  215.J 

TTie  river  of 
Sague7iay. 


Innumerable 
Tortoises. 


The  lie  of 
Coudres  or 
Filberds. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

About  five  leagues  beyond  the  river  of  Saguenay 
Southwest,  there  is  another  Hand  on  the  Northside, 
wherein  are  certaine  high  lands,  and  thereabouts  we 
thought  to  have  cast  anker,  on  purpose  to  stay  the  next 
tide,  but  we  could  sound  no  ground  in  a  120  fadome, 
within  a  flight  shoot  from  shore,  so  that  we  were  con- 
strained to  winde  backe  to  the  said  Hand,  where  wee 
sounded  againe  and  found  '^^'^  fadome.  The  next  morning 
we  hoysed  saile  and  went  thence,  sayling  further  on, 
where  we  had  notice  of  a  certaine  kind  of  fish  never 
before  of  any  man  seene  or  knowen.  They  are  about 
the  bignesse  of  a  Porpose,  yet  nothing  like  them,  of  body 
very  well  proportioned,  headed  like  Grayhounds,  alto- 
gither  as  white  as  snow  without  any  spot,  within  which 
river  there  is  great  quantitie  of  them :  they  doe  live 
altogither  betweene  the  Sea  and  the  fresh  water.  These 
people  of  the  Countrey  call  them  Adhothuys,  they  tolde 
us  that  they  be  very  savory  and  good  to  be  eaten.  More- 
over they  affirme  none  to  be  found  elsewhere  but  in 
the  mouth  of  that  river.  The  sixth  of  the  month,  the 
weather  being  calme  and  faire,  we  went  about  1 5  leagues 
more  upward  into  the  river,  and  there  lighted  on  an 
Hand  that  looketh  Northward,  and  it  maketh  a  little 
haven  or  creeke  wherein  are  many  and  innumerable  great 
Tortoyzes,  continually  lying  about  that  Hand.  There 
are  likewise  great  quantitie  of  the  said  Adhothuys  taken 
by  the  inhabitours  of  the  countrey,  and  there  is  as  great 
a  current  in  that  place  as  is  at  Bordeaux  in  France  at 
every  tide.  This  Hand  is  in  length  about  three  leagues, 
and  in  bredth  two,  and  is  a  goodly  and  fertile  plot  of 
ground,  replenished  with  many  goodly  and  great  trees 
of  many  sorts.  Among  the  rest  there  are  many  Filberd- 
trees,  which  we  found  hanging  full  of  them,  somewhat 
bigger  and  better  in  savour  then  ours,  but  somewhat 
harder,  and  therefore  we  called  it  The  Hand  of  Filberds. 
The  seventh  of  the  moneth  being  our  Ladies  even,  after 
service  we  went  from  that  Hand  to  goe  up  higher  into  the 
river,  and    came    to    14   Hands    seven    or    eight    leagues 

218 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 
from  the  Hand  of  Filberds,  where  the  countrey  of  Canada 
beginneth,  one  of  which  Hands  is  ten  leagues  in  length, 
and  five  in  bredth,  greatly  inhabited  of  such  men  as 
onely  live  by  fishing  of  such  sorts  of  fishes  as  the  river 
affordeth,  according  to  the  season  of  them.  After  we 
had  cast  anker  betwene  the  said  great  Hand,  &  the  This  great 
Northerly  coast,  we  went  on  land  and  tooke  our  two  ^J^J^d  is  called 
wild  men  with  us,  meeting  with  many  of  those  countrey  Qj-ig^ns 
people,  who  would  not  at  all  approch  unto  us,  but  rather 
fled  from  us,  untill  our  two  men  began  to  speake  unto 
them,  telling  them  that  they  were  Taignoagny  and 
Domagaia,  who  so  soone  as  they  had  taken  acquaintance 
of  them,  beganne  greatly  to  rejoyce,  dancing  and  shewing 
many  sorts  of  ceremonies  :  and  many  of  the  chiefest  of 
them  came  to  our  boats  &  brought  many  Eeles  and  other 
sorts  of  fishes,  with  two  or  three  burdens  of  great  Millet  Maiz. 
wherewith  they  make  their  bread,  and  many  great  muske 
millions.  The  same  day  came  also  many  other  boates 
full  of  those  countreymen  and  weomen,  to  see  and  take 
acquaintance  of  our  two  men,  all  which  were  as  courteously 
received  and  friendly  entertained  of  our  Captaine,  as 
possibly  could  be.  And  to  have  them  the  better 
acquainted  with  him,  and  make  them  his  friends,  hee 
gave  them  many  small  gifts,  but  of  small  value :  never- 
thelesse  they  were  greatly  contented  with  them.  The 
next  day  following,  the  Lord  of  Canada  (whose  proper 
name  was  Donnacona,  but  by  the  name  of  Lord  they 
call  him  Agouhanna)  with  twelve  boats  came  to  our 
ships,  accompanied  with  many  people,  who  causing  ten 
of  his  boates  to  goe  backe  with  the  other  two,  approched 
unto  us  with  sixteene  men.  Then  beganne  the  said 
Agouhanna  over  against  the  smallest  of  our  ships,  accord- 
ing to  their  maner  and  fashion,  to  frame  a  long  Oration, 
mooving  all  his  bodie  and  members  after  a  strange 
fashion,  which  thing  is  a  ceremonie  and  signe  of  gladnesse 
and  securitie  among  them,  and  then  comming  to  the 
Generals  ship,  where  Taignoagny  and  Domagaia  were,  he 
spake  with  them   &  they  with    him,  where   they    began 

2ig 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

to  tell  and  shew  unto  him  what  they  had  seene  in  France, 
and  what  good  entertainement  they  had  had :  hearing 
which  things  the  said  Lord  seemed  to  be  very  glad 
thereof,  and  prayed  our  Captaine  to  reach  him  his  arme, 
that  he  might  kisse  it,  which  thing  he  did :  their  Lord 
taking  it,  laid  it  about  his  necke,  for  so  they  use  to  doe 
when  they  will  make  much  of  one.  Then  our  Captaine 
entred  into  Agouhannas  boat,  causing  bread  and  wine 
to  be  brought  to  make  the  said  Lord  and  his  companie 
to  eate  and  drinke,  which  thing  they  did,  and  were 
greatly  thereby  contented  and  satisfied.  Our  Captaine 
for  that  time  gave  them  nothing,  because  he  looked  for  a 
fitter  opportunity.  These  things  being  done,  ech  one 
tooke  leave  of  others,  and  the  said  Lord  went  with 
his  boats  againe  to  his  place  of  abode.  Our  Captaine 
then  caused  our  boates  to  be  set  in  order,  that  with  the 
next  tide  he  might  goe  up  higher  into  the  river,  to  find 
some  safe  harborough  for  our  ships :  and  we  passed  up 
the  river  against  the  streame  about  tenne  leagues,  coasting 
the  said  Hand,  at  the  end  whereof,  we  found  a  goodly  and 
pleasant  sound,  where  is  a  little  river  and  haven,  where 
by  reason  of  the  flood  there  is  about  three  fadome  water. 
This  place  seemed  to  us  very  fit  and  commodious  to 
harbour   our  ships  therein,  and  so  we  did    very  safely, 

Santa  Croix,  we   named  it  the  holy  Crosse,  for  on  that  day  we  came 

[III.  216.]  thither.  Neere  unto  it,  there  is  a  village,  whereof  Donna- 
cona  is  Lord,  and  there  he  keepeth  his  abode :   it  is  called 

Stadacona.  Stadacona,  as  goodly  a  plot  of  ground  as  possibly  may  be 
seene,  and  therewithall  very  fruitfull,  full  of  goodly  trees 
even  as  in  France,  as  Okes,  Elmes,  Ashes,  Walnut  trees. 
Maple  tres,  Cydrons,  Vines,  and  white  Thornes,  that 
bring  foorth  fruit  as  bigge  as  any  damsons,  and  many 
other   sortes  of  trees,    under  which  groweth  as  faire  tall 

Goodly  hemp,  hempe,  as  any  in  France,  without  any  seede  or  any  mans 
worke  or  labour  at  all.  Having  considered  the  place, 
and  finding  it  fit  for  our  purpose,  our  Captaine  withdrew 
himselfe  on  purpose  to  returne  to  our  ships :  but  behold, 
as  we  were  comming  out  of  the  river  we  met  comming 


220 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 

against  us  one  of  the  Lords  of  the  said  village  of  Stada- 
cona,  accompanied  with  many  others,  as  men,  weomen, 
and  children,  who  after  the  fashion  of  their  countrey, 
in  signe  of  mirth  and  joy,  began  to  make  a  long  Oration, 
the  women  still  singing  and  dancing  up  to  the  knees 
in  water.  Our  Captaine  knowing  their  good  will  and 
kindnesse  toward  us,  caused  the  boat  wherein  they  were, 
to  come  unto  him,  and  gave  them  certaine  trifles,  as 
knives,  and  beades  of  glasse,  whereat  they  were  mar- 
vellous glad,  for  being  gone  about  three  leagues  from 
them,  for  the  pleasure  they  conceived  of  our  comming, 
we  might  heare  them  sing,  and  see  them  dance  for  all 
they  were  so  farre. 

How  our  Captaine  went  to  see  and  note  the  bignesse  of 
the  Hand,  and  the  nature  of  it,  and  then  returned  to 
the  ships,  causing  them  to  be  brought  to  the  river  of 
The  holy  Crosse. 

Chap.  3. 

AFter  we  were  come  with  our  boats  unto  our  ships 
againe,  our  Captaine  caused  our  barks  to  be  made 
readie  to  goe  on  land  in  the  said  Hand,  to  note  the  trees 
that  in  shew  seemed  so  faire,  and  to  consider  the  nature 
and  qualitie  of  it :  which  thing  we  did,  and  found  it  full 
of  goodly  trees  likes  to  ours.  Also  we  saw  many  goodly 
Vines,  a  thing  not  before  of  us  seene  in  those  countries, 
and  therefore  we  named  it  Bacchus  Hand.  It  is  in  length  'I'he  Us  of 
about  twelve  leagues,  in  sight  very  pleasant,  but  full  of  ./^j/^j/' 
woods,  no  part  of  it  manured,  unlesse  it  be  in  certaine  Qj-leans. 
places,  where  a  few  cottages  be  for  Fishers  dwellings  as 
before  we  have  said.  The  next  day  we  departed  with 
our  ships  to  bring  them  to  the  place  of  the  holy  Crosse, 
and  on  the  14  of  that  moneth  we  came  thither,  and  the 
Lord  Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  and  Domagaia,  with  25 
boats  full  of  those  people,  came  to  meete  us,  comming 
from  the  place  whence  we  were  come,  and  going  toward 
Stadacona,  where  their  abiding  is,  and  all  came  to  our 
ships,   shewing  sundry  and  divers  gestures  of  gladnesse 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

and  mirth,  except  those  two  that  we  had  brought,  to  wit, 
Taignoagny,  and  Domagaia,  who  seemed  to  have  altered 
and  changed  their  mind  and  purpose,  for  by  no  meanes 
they  would  come  unto  our  ships,  albeit  sundry  times 
they  were  earnestly  desired  to  doe  it,  whereupon  we 
began  to  mistrust  somewhat.  Our  Captaine  asked  them 
if  according  to  promise  they  would  go  with  him  to 
Hochelaga  ?  They  answered  yea,  for  so  they  had  pur- 
posed, and  then  ech  one  withdrew  himselfe.  The  next  day 
being  the  fifteenth  of  the  moneth,  our  Captaine  went  on 
shore,  to  cause  certaine  poles  and  piles  to  be  driven  into 
the  water,  and  set  up,  that  the  better  and  safelier  we 
might  harbour  our  ships  there :  and  many  of  those 
countrey  people  came  to  meete  us  there,  among  whom 
was  Donnacona  and  our  two  men,  with  the  rest  of 
their  company,  who  kept  themselves  aside  under  a  point 
or  nooke  of  land  that  is  upon  the  shore  of  a  certaine 
river,  and  no  one  of  them  came  unto  us  as  the  other  did 
that  were  not  on  their  side.  Our  Captaine  understanding 
that  they  were  there,  commanded  part  of  our  men  to 
follow  him,  and  he  went  to  the  saide  point  where  he  found 
the  said  Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  Domagaia,  and  divers 
other :  and  after  salutations  given  on  ech  side,  Taig- 
noagny setled  himselfe  formost  to  speake  to  our  Captaine, 
saying  that  the  Lord  Donnacona  did  greatly  grieve  and 
sorrow  that  our  Captaine  and  his  men  did  weare  warlike 
weapons,  and  they  not.  Our  Captaine  answered,  that 
albeit  it  did  greeve  them,  yet  would  not  he  leave  them 
off,  and  that  (as  he  knew)  it  was  the  maner  of  France. 
But  for  all  these  words  our  Captaine  and  Donnacona  left 
not  off  to  speake  one  to  another,  and  friendly  to  enter- 
taine  one  another.  Then  did  we  perceive,  that  whatso- 
ever Taignoagny  spake,  was  onely  long  of  himselfe  and 
of  his  fellow,  for  that  before  they  departed  thence  our 
Captaine  and  Donnacona  entred  into  a  marvellous  stedfast 
league  of  friendship,  whereupon  all  his  people  at  once 
with  a  loude  voyce,  cast  out  three  great  cryes,  (a  horrible 
thing  to  heare)  and  each  one  having  taken  leave  of  the 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1535. 

other  for  that  day,  we  went  aboord  againe.  The  day 
following  we  brought  our  two  great  shippes  within  the 
river  and  harborough,  where  the  waters  being  at  the 
highest,  are  three  fadome  deepe,  and  at  the  lowest,  but 
halfe  a  fadome.  We  left  our  Pinnesse  without  the  road 
to  the  end  we  might  bring  it  to  Hochelaga.  So  soone  as 
we  had  safely  placed  our  ships,  behold  we  saw  Donnacona, 
Taignoagny  &  Domagaia,  with  more  then  five  hundred 
persons,  men,  women  and  children,  and  the  said  Lord 
with  ten  or  twelve  of  the  chiefest  of  the  countrey  came 
aboord  of  our  ships,  who  were  all  courteously  received,  [III.  217.] 
and  friendly  entertained  both  of  our  Captaine  and  of  us 
all :  and  divers  gifts  of  small  value  were  given  them. 
Then  did  Taignoagny  tell  our  Captaine,  that  his  Lord 
did  greatly  sorrow  that  he  would  go  to  Hochelaga,  and 
that  he  would  not  by  any  meanes  permit  that  any  of  them 
should  goe  with  him,  because  the  river  was  of  no  impor- 
tance. Our  Captaine  answered  him,  that  for  all  his 
saying,  he  would  not  leave  off  his  going  thither,  if  by 
any  meanes  it  were  possible,  for  that  that  he  was  com- 
manded by  his  king  to  goe  as  farre  as  possibly  he  could : 
and  that  if  he  (that  is  to  say  Taignoagny)  would  goe  with 
him,  as  he  had  promised,  he  should  be  very  well  enter- 
tained, beside  that,  he  should  have  such  a  gift  given  him,  as 
he  should  well  content  himselfe  :  for  he  should  doe  nothing 
else  but  goe  with  him  to  Hochelaga  and  come  againe. 
To  whom  Taignoagny  answered,  that  he  would  not  by 
any  meanes  goe,  and  thereupon  they  sodainly  returned  to 
their  houses.  The  next  day  being  the  1 7  of  September, 
Donnacona  and  his  company  returned  even  as  at  the  first, 
and  brought  with  him  many  Eeles,  with  sundry  sorts  of 
other  fishes,  whereof  they  take  great  store  in  the  said 
river,  as  more  largely  hereafter  shall  be  shewed.  And  as 
soone  as  they  were  come  to  our  ships,  according  to  their 
wonted  use  they  beganne  to  sing  and  dance.  This  done, 
Donnacona  caused  all  his  people  to  be  set  on  the  one 
side :  then  making  a  round  circle  upon  the  sand  he 
caused  our  Captaine  with  all  his  people  to  enter  thereinto, 

223 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

then  he  began  to  make  a  long  Oration,  holding  in  one  of 
his  hands  a  maiden  child  of  ten  or  twelve  yeeres  old, 
which  he  presented  unto  our  Captaine :  then  sodainly 
beganne  all  his  people  to  make  three  great  shreeks,  or 
howles,  in  signe  of  joy  and  league  of  friendship  :  presently 
upon  that  he  did  present  unto  him  two  other  young 
male  children  one  after  another,  but  younger  then  the 
other,  at  the  giving  of  which  even  as  before  they  gave 
out  shreekes  and  howles  very  loud,  with  other  cerimonies  : 
for  which  presents,  our  Captaine  gave  the  saide  Lorde 
great  and  hearty  thankes.  Then  Taignoagny  told  our 
Captaine,  that  one  of  the  children  was  his  owne  brother, 
and  that  the  maiden  child  was  daughter  unto  the  said 
Lords  owne  sister,  and  the  presents  were  only  given  him 
to  the  end  he  should  not  goe  to  Hochelaga  at  all :  to 
whom  our  Captaine  answered,  that  if  they  were  onely 
given  him  to  that  intent,  if  so  he  would,  he  should  take 
them  againe,  for  that  by  no  meanes  he  would  leave  his 
going  off,  for  as  much  as  he  was  so  commanded  of  his 
King.  But  concerning  this,  Domagaia  told  our  Captaine 
that  their  Lord  had  given  him  those  children  as  a  signe 
and  token  of  goodwill  and  security,  and  that  he  was  con- 
tented to  goe  with  him  to  Hochelaga,  upon  which  talke 
great  wordes  arose  betweene  Taignoagny  and  Domagaia, 
by  which  we  plainely  perceived  that  Taignoagny  was  but 
a  craftie  knave,  and  that  he  intended  but  mischiefe  and 
treason,  as  well  by  this  deede  as  others  that  we  by  him 
had  scene.  After  that  our  Captaine  caused  the  said  chil- 
dren to  be  put  in  our  ships,  and  caused  two  Swords  and 
two  copper  Basons,  the  one  wrought,  the  other  plaine,  to 
be  brought  unto  him,  and  them  he  gave  to  Donnacona, 
who  was  therewith  greatly  contented,  yeelding  most 
heartie  thankes  unto  our  Captaine  for  them,  and  presently 
upon  that  he  commaunded  all  his  people  to  sing  and 
dance,  and  desired  our  Captaine  to  cause  a  peece  of 
artillerie  to  be  shot  off,  because  Taignoagny  and  Domagaia 
made  great  brags  of  it,  and  had  told  them  marvellous 
things,  and  also,  because  they  had  never  heard  nor  seene 

224 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 
any  before :  to  whom  our  Captaine  answered,  that  he  was 
content :  and  by  and  by  he  commanded  his  men  to  shoot 
off  twelve  cannons  charged  with  bullets  into  the  wood 
that  was  hard  by  those  people  and  ships,  at  whose  noyse 
they  were  greatly  astonished  and  amazed,  for  they  thought 
that  heaven  had  fallen  upon  them,  and  put  themselves  to 
flight,  howling,  crying,  and  shreeking,  so  that  it  seemed 
hell  was  broken  loose.  But  before  we  went  thence, 
Taignoagny  caused  other  men  to  tell  us,  that  those  men 
which  we  had  left  in  our  Pinnesse  in  the  road,  had  slaine 
two  men  of  their  company,  with  a  peece  of  ordinance 
that  they  had  shot  off,  whereupon  the  rest  had  put  them- 
selves all  to  flight,  as  though  they  should  all  have  bene 
slaine :  which  afterward  we  found  untrue,  because  our 
men  had  not  shot  off  any  peece  at  all  that  day. 

How  Donnacona  and  Taignoagny  with  others,  devised 
a  prettie  sleight  or  poUicie :  for  they  caused  three  of 
their  men  to  be  attired  like  Divels,  fayning  them- 
selves to  be  sent  from  their  God  Cudruaigny,  onely 
to  hinder  our  voyage  to  Hochelaga. 

Chap.  4, 

THe  next  day  being  the  eighteenth  of  September, 
these  men  still  endevoured  themselves  to  seeke 
all  meanes  possible  to  hinder  and  let  our  going  to  Hoche- 
laga, and  devised  a  prettie  guile,  as  hereafter  shalbe 
shewed.  They  went  and  dressed  three  men  like  Divels, 
being  wrapped  in  dogges  skinnes  white  and  blacke,  their 
faces  besmeered  as  blacke  as  any  coales,  with  homes  on 
their  heads  more  then  a  yard  long,  and  caused  them 
secretly  to  be  put  in  one  of  their  boates,  but  came  not 
neere  our  ships  as  they  were  wont  to  doe,  for  they  lay 
hidden  within  the  wood  for  the  space  of  two  houres,  [III.  218.] 
looking  for  the  tide,  to  the  end  the  boat  wherein  the 
Divels  were,  might  approch  and  come  neere  us,  which 
when  time  was,  came,  and  all  the  rest  issued  out  of 
the  wood  comming  to  us,  but  yet  not  so  neere  as  they 
were  wont  to  do.  There  began  Taignoagny  to  salute 
VIII  225  p 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

our  Captaine,  who  asked  him  if  he  would  have  the 
boate  to  come  for  him ;  he  answered,  not  for  that  time, 
but  after  a  while  he  would  come  unto  our  ships  :  then 
presently  came  that  boat  rushing  out,  wherein  the  three 
counterfeit  Divels  were  with  such  long  homes  on  their 
heads,  and  the  middlemost  came  making  a  long  Oration 
and  passed  along  our  ships  without  turning  or  looking 
toward  us,  but  with  the  boat  went  toward  the  land. 
Then  did  Donnacona  with  all  his  people  pursue  them, 
and  lay  hold  on  the  boat  and  Divels,  who  so  soone 
as  the  men  were  come  to  them,  fell  prostrate  in  the 
boate  even  as  if  they  had  beene  dead :  then  were  they 
taken  up  and  carried  into  the  wood,  being  but  a  stones 
cast  off,  then  every  one  withdrew  himselfe  into  the  wood, 
not  one  staying  behind  with  us,  where  being,  they  began 
to  make  a  long  discourse,  so  loud  that  we  might  heare 
them  in  our  ships,  which  lasted  above  halfe  an  houre,  & 
being  ended  we  began  to  espie  Taignoagny  and  Domagaia 
comming  towards  us,  holding  their  hands  upward  joyned 
together,  carying  their  hats  under  their  upper  garment, 
shewing  a  great  admiration,  and  Taignoagny  looking  up 
to  heaven,  cryed  three'  times  Jesus,  Jesus,  Jesus,  and 
Domagaia  doing  as  his  fellow  had  done  before,  cryed, 
Jesus  Maria,  James  Cartier.  Our  Captaine  hearing  them, 
and  seeing  their  gestures  and  ceremonies,  asked  of  them 
what  they  ayled,  and  what  was  happened  or  chanced 
anew;  they  answered,  that  there  were  very  ill  tydings 
befallen,  saying  in  French,  Nenni  est  il  bon,  that  is  to 
say,  it  was  not  good :  our  Captaine  asked  them  againe 
what  it  was,  then  answered  they,  that  their  God  Cudru- 
aigny  had  spoken  in  Hochelaga :  and  that  he  had  sent 
those  three  men  to  shewe  unto  them  that  there  was  so 
much  yce  and  snow  in  that  countrey,  that  whosoever 
went  thither  should  die,  which  wordes  when  we  heard, 
we  laughed  and  mocked  them  saying,  that  their  God 
Cudruaigny  was  but  a  foole  and  a  noddie,  for  he  knew 
not  what  he  did  or  said :  then  bade  we  them  shew  his 
messengers  from  us,  that  Christ  would  defend  them  all 

226 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535. 
from  colde,  if  they  would  beleeve  in  him.  Then  did 
they  aske  of  our  Captaine  if  he  had  spoken  with  Jesus : 
he  answered  no,  but  that  his  Priests  had,  and  that  he 
tolde  them  they  should  have  faire  weather :  which  wordes 
when  they  had  heard,  they  thanked  our  Captaine,  and 
departed  toward  the  wood  to  tell  those  newes  unto  their 
felowes,  who  sodainly  came  all  rushing  out  of  the  wood, 
seeming  to  be  very  glad  for  those  words  that  our  Captaine 
had  spoken,  and  to  shew  that  thereby  they  had  had,  and 
felt  great  joy,  so  soone  as  they  were  before  our  ships,  they 
altogither  gave  out  three  great  shreekes,  and  thereupon 
beganne  to  sing  and  dance,  as  they  were  wont  to  doe. 
But  for  a  resolution  of  the  matter  Taignoagny  and 
Domagaia  tolde  our  Captaine,  that  their  Lord  Donnacona 
would  by  no  meanes  permit  that  any  of  them  should  goe 
with  him  to  Hochelaga,  unlesse  he  would  leave  him  some 
hostage  to  stay  with  him :  our  Captaine  answered  them, 
that  if  they  would  not  goe  with  him  with  a  good  will, 
they  should  stay,  and  that  for  all  them  he  would  not 
leave  off  his  journey  thither. 

How  our  Captaine  with  all  his  Gentlemen  and  fiftie 
Mariners  departed  with  our  Pinnesse,  and  the  two 
boates  from  Canada  to  goe  to  Hochelaga :  and  also 
there  is  described,  what  was  scene  by  the  way  upon 
the  said  river. 

Chap.   5. 

THe  next  day  being  the  19  of  September  we  hoysed 
saile,  and  with  our  Pinnesse  and  two  boates  departed 
to  goe  up  the  river  with  the  flood,  where  on  both  shores 
of  it  we  beganne  to  see  as  goodly  a  countrey  as  possibly 
can  with  eye  be  scene,  all  replenished  with  very  goodly 
trees,  and  Vines  laden  as  full  of  grapes  as  could  be  all  ^^Wj  laden 
along  the  river,  which  rather  seemed  to  have  bin  planted  '^  grapes. 
by  mans  hand  than  otherwise.  True  it  is,  that  because 
they  are  not  dressed  and  wrought  as  they  should  be, 
their  bunches  of  grapes  are  not  so  great  nor  sweete  as 
ours :     also  we   sawe   all   along    the    river    many    houses 

227 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

inhabited  of  Fishers,  which  take  all  kindes  of  fishes,  and 
they  came  with  as  great  familiaritie  and  kindnesse  unto 
us,  as  if  we  had  beene  their  Countreymen,  and  brought 
us  great  store  of  fish,  with  other  such  things  as  they  had, 
which  we  exchanged  with  them  for  other  wares,  who 
lifting  up  their  hands  toward  heaven,  gave  many  signes  of 

Hochelay.  joy :  we  stayed  at  a  place  called  Hochelai,  about  five  and 
twentie  leagues  from  Canada,  where  the  river  waxeth 
very  narrow,  and  runneth  very  swift,  wherefore  it  is  very 
dangerous,  not  onely  for  that,  but  also  for  certaine  great 
stones  that  are  therein  :  Many  boates  and  barkes  came 
unto  us,  in  one  of  which  came  one  of  the  chiefe  Lords 
of  the  countrey,  making  a  long  discourse,  who  being  come 
neere  us,  did  by  evident  signes  and  gestures  shew  us, 
that  the  higher  the  river  went,  the  more  dangerous  it 
was,  and  bade  us  take  heede  of  our  selves.  The  said 
Lord  presented  and  gave  unto  our  Captaine  two  of  his 
owne  children,   of  which  our  Captaine  tooke  one  being 

[III,  219.]  a  wench  7  or  8  yeres  old,  the  man  child  he  gave  him 
againe,  because  it  was  too  young,  for  it  was  but  two 
or  three  yeeres  old.  Our  Captaine  as  friendly  and 
as  courteously  as  he  could  did  entertaine  and  receive  the 
said  Lord  and  his  company,  giving  them  certaine  small 
trifles,  and  so  they  departed  toward  the  shore  againe.  After- 
wards the  sayd  Lord  and  his  wife  came  unto  Canada  to 
visite  his  daughter,  bringing  unto  our  Captaine  certaine 
small  presents.  From  the  nineteenth  untill  the  eight  and 
twentieth  of  September,  we  sailed  up  along  the  saide 
river,  never  losing  one  houre  of  time,  all  which  time 
we  saw  as  goodly  and  pleasant  a  countrey  as  possible 
can  be  wished  for,  full  (as  we  have  said  before)  of  all 
sorts  of  goodly  trees,  that  is  to  say,  Okes,  Elmes, 
Walnut-trees,  Cedars,  Firres,  Ashes,  Boxe,  Willowes,  and 
great  store  of  Vines,  all  as  full  of  grapes  as  could  be, 
so  that  if  any  of  our  fellowes  went  on  shore,  they  came 
home  laden  with  them  :  there  are  likewise  many  Cranes, 
Swannes,  Geese,  Duckes,  Feasants,  Partriges,  Thrushes, 
Blackbirds,   Turtles,    Finches,    Redbreasts,    Nightingales, 

228 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 

Sparrowes  of  diverse  kindes,  with  many  other  sorts  of 
Birds,  even  as  in  France,  and  great  plentie  and  store. 
Upon  the  28  of  September,  we  came  to  a  great  wide 
lake  in  the  middle  of  the  river  five  or  sixe  leagues  broad,  ^^^  ^^^^  °f 
and  twelve  long,  all  that  day  we  went  against  the  tide,  ^^^so^^^"^^- 
having  but  two  fadome  water,  still  keeping  the  sayd 
scantling :  being  come  to  one  of  the  heads  of  the  lake, 
we  could  espie  no  passage  or  going  out,  nay,  rather 
it  seemed  to  have  bene  closed  and  shut  up  round  about, 
and  there  was  but  a  fadome  and  a  halfe  of  water,  little 
more  or  lesse.  And  therefore  we  were  constrayned  to 
cast  anker,  and  to  stay  with  our  Pinnesse,  and  went  with 
our  two  boates  to  seeke  some  going  out,  and  in  one 
place  we  found  foure  or  five  branches,  which  out  of 
the  river  come  into  the  lake,  and  they  came  from  Hoche- 
laga.  But  in  the  said  branches,  because  of  the  great 
fiercenesse  and  swiftnesse  wherewith  they  breake  out,  and 
the  course  of  the  water,  they  make  certaine  barres  and 
shoulds,  and  at  that  time  there  was  but  a  fadome  water. 
Those  Shouldes  being  passed,  we  found  foure  or  five 
fadome,  and  as  farre  as  we  could  perceive  by  the  flood, 
it  was  that  time  of  the  yeere  that  the  waters  are  lowest, 
for  at  other  times  they  flowe  higher  by  three  fadomes. 
All  these  foure  or  five  branches  do  compasse  about  five 
or  sixe  Hands  very  pleasant,  which  make  the  head  of  the 
lake :  about  fifteene  leagues  beyond,  they  doe  all  come 
into  one.  That  day  we  landed  in  one  of  the  saide 
Hands,  and  met  with  five  men  that  were  hunting  of 
wilde  beastes,  who  as  freely  and  familiarly  came  to  our 
boates  without  any  feare,  as  if  we  had  ever  bene  brought 
up  togither.  Our  boates  being  somewhat  neere  the 
shore,  one  of  them  tooke  our  Captaine  in  his  armes,  and 
caried  him  on  shore,  as  lightly  and  as  easily  as  if  he  had 
bene  a  child  of  five  yeeres  old  :  so  strong  and  sturdie  was 
this  fellow.  We  found  that  they  had  a  great  heape  of 
wilde  Rats  that  live  in  the  water,  as  bigge  as  a  Conny,  ^^^^^  '^^^  ^^ 
and  very  good  to  eate,  which  they  gave  unto  our  Cap-  -^  ^^  Comes. 
taine,    who    for    a    recompence   gave    them   knives    and 

229 


A.D. 
1535. 


The'j  leave 
their  Pinnesse 
behind. 


Hochelaga 
distant  from 
the  lake  of 
Angolesme  \i^. 
leagues. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

glassen  Beades.  We  asked  them  with  signes  if  that  was 
the  way  to  Hochelaga,  they  answered  yea,  and  that  we 
had  yet  three  dayes  sayling  thither. 

How  our  Captaine  caused  our  boates  to  be  mended 
and  dressed  to  goe  to  Hochelaga :  and  because  the 
way  was  somewhat  difficult  and  hard,  we  left  our 
Pinnesse  behinde  :  and  how  we  came  thither,  and  what 
entertainement  we  had  of  the  people. 

Chap.  6. 

THe  next  day  our  Captaine  seeing  that  for  that  time  it 
was  not  possible  for  our  Pinnesse  to  goe  on  any 
further,  he  caused  our  boates  to  be  made  readie,  and  as 
much  munition  and  victuals  to  be  put  in  them,  as  they 
could  well  beare :   he  departed  with  them,  accompanyed 
with  many  Gentlemen,  that  is  to  say,  Claudius  of  Ponte 
Briand,   Cup-bearer    to    the    Lorde    Dolphin    of  France, 
Charles  of  Pommeraye,  John  Gouion,  John  Powlet,  with 
twentie    &    eight    Mariners :     and    Mace   Jallobert,    and 
William  Briton,  who  had  the  charge  under  the  Captaine 
of  the  other  two  ships,  to  goe  up  as  farre  as  they  could 
into    that  river : .  we   sayled  with    good   and    prosperous 
weather  untill  the  second  of  October,  on  which  day  we 
came  to  the  towne  of  Hochelaga,  distant  from  the  place 
where  we  had  left  our  Pinnesse  five  and  fortie  leagues. 
In  which  place  of  Hochelaga,  and  all  the  way  we  went, 
we  met  with  many  of  those  countriemen,  who  brought  us 
fish  and  such  other  victuals  as  they  had,  still  dancing  and 
greatly  rejoycing  at  our  comming.     Our  Captaine  to  lure 
them  in,  and  to  keepe  them  our  friends,  to  recompence 
them,  gave  them  knives,  beades,  and  such  small  trifles, 
wherewith   they  were  greatly  satisfied.     So  soone  as  we 
were   come   neere    Hochelaga,   there    came   to   meete    us 
above  a  thousand    persons,  men,   women  and   children, 
who  afterward  did  as  friendly  and  merily  entertaine  and 
receive  us  as  any  father  would  doe  his  child,  which  he 
had  not  of  long  time  scene,  the  men  dauncing  on  one 
side,  the  women  on  another,  and  likewise  the  children  on 

230 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 
another  :  after  that  they  brought  us  great  store  of  fish,  & 
of  their  bread  made  of  Millet,  casting  them  into  our  [III.  220.] 
boates  so  thicke,  that  you  would  have  thought  it  to  fall 
from  heaven.  Which  when  our  Captaine  saw,  he  with 
many  of  his  company  went  on  shore  :  so  soone  as  ever  we 
were  aland  they  came  clustring  about  us,  making  very 
much  of  us,  bringing  their  young  children  in  their  armes, 
onely  to  have  our  Captaine  and  his  company  to  touch 
them,  making  signes  and  shewes  of  great  mirth  and  glad- 
nesse,  that  lasted  more  than  halfe  an  houre.  Our  Captaine 
seeing  their  loving  kindnesse  and  entertainement  of  us, 
caused  all  the  women  orderly  to  be  set  in  aray,  and  gave 
them  Beades  made  of  Tinne,  and  other  such  small  trifles, 
and  to  some  of  the  men  he  gave  knives  :  then  he  returned 
to  the  boates  to  supper,  and  so  passed  that  night,  all 
which  while  all  those  people  stood  on  the  shore  as  neere 
our  boates  as  they  might,  making  great  fires,  and  dauncing 
very  merily,  still  crying  Aguiaze,  which  in  their  tongue 
signifieth  Mirth  and  Safetie. 

How  our  Captaine  with  five  Gentlemen  and  twentie 
armed  men  all  well  in  order,  went  to  see  the 
towne  of  Hochelaga,  and  the  situation  of  it. 

Chap.  7. 

OUr  Captaine  the  next  day  very  earely  in  the  morning.  The  third  of 
having  very  gorgeously  attired  himselfe,  caused  all  ^'^t^^^^- 
his  company  to  be  set  in  order  to  go  to  see  the  towne  and 
habitation  of  those  people,  and  a  certaine  mountaine  that 
is  somewhat  neere  the  citie :  with  whom  went  also  five 
Gentlemen  and    twentie    Mariners,   leaving    the    rest   to 
keepe  and  looke  to  our  boates :  we  tooke  with  us  three 
men  of  Hochelaga  to  bring  us  to  the  place.     All  along  as 
we  went  we  found  the  way  as  well  beaten  and  frequented 
as  can  be,  the  fairest  and  best  countrey  that  possibly  can 
be  seene,  full  of  as  goodly  great  Okes  as  are  in  any  wood 
in  France,  under  which  the  ground  was  all  covered  over  „   ,  , 
with  faire  Akornes.     After  we  had  gone  about  foure  or  sixemtksfrom 
five  miles,  we  met  by  the  way  one  of  the  chiefest  Lords  of  the  river  side. 

231 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

the  citie,  accompanied  with  many  moe,  who  so  soone  as 
he  sawe  us  beckned  and  made  signes  upon  us,  that  we 
must  rest  us  in  that  place  where  they  had  made  a  great 
fire  and  so  we  did.  After  that  we  had  rested  our  selves 
there  a  while,  the  said  Lord  began  to  make  a  long  dis- 
course, even  as  we  have  saide  above,  they  are  accustomed 
to  doe  in  signe  of  mirth  and  friendship,  shewing  our 
Captaine  and  all  his  company  a  joyfull  countenance,  and 
good  will,  who  gave  him  two  hatchets,  a  paire  of  knives 
and  a  crosse  which  he  made  him  to  kisse,  and  then  put  it 
about  his  necke,  for  which  he  gave  our  Captaine  heartie 
thankes.  This  done,  we  went  along,  and  about  a  mile  and 
a  halfe  farther,  we  began  to  finde  goodly  and  large  fieldes, 
full  of  such  corne  as  the  countrie  yeeldeth.  It  is  even  as 
This  Millet  is  the  Millet  of  Bresil,  as  great  and  somewhat  bigger  then 
Mai%.  small  peason,  wherewith  they  live  even  as  we  doe  with 

The  descrip-     ours.     In  the  midst  of  those  fields  is  the  citie  ofHochelaga, 
tion  ofHoche-  placed  neere,  and  as  it  were  joyned  to  a  great  mountaine 
^  '  that   is   tilled  round   about,  very   fertill,    on   the  top   of 

which  you  may  see  very  farre,  we  named  it  Mount  Roiall. 
The  citie  of  Hochelaga  is  round,  compassed  about  with 
timber,  with  three  course  of  Rampires,  one  within  another 
framed  like  a  sharpe  Spire,  but  laide  acrosse  above.  The 
middlemost  of  them  is  made  and  built,  as  a  direct  line, 
but  perpendicular.  The  Rampires  are  framed  and 
fashioned  with  peeces  of  timber,  layd  along  on  the 
ground,  very  well  and  cunningly  joyned  togither  after 
their  fashion.  This  enclosure  is  in  height  about  two 
rods.  It  hath  but  one  gate  or  entrie  thereat,  which  is  shut 
with  piles,  stakes,  and  barres.  Over  it,  and  also  in  many 
places  of  the  wall,  there  be  places  to  runne  along,  and 
ladders  to  get  up,  all  full  of  stones,  for  the  defence  of  it. 
There  are  in  the  towne  about  fiftie  houses,  about  fiftie 
paces  long,  and  twelve,  or  fifteene  broad,  built  all  of  wood, 
covered  over  with  the  barke  of  the  wood  as  broad  as  any 
boord,  very  finely  and  cunningly  joyned  togither.  Within 
the  said  houses,  there  are  many  roomes,  lodgings  and 
chambers.     In  the  middest  of  every  one  there  is  a  great 

232 


JACQUES   CARTIER  ad. 

1535- 

Court,  in  the  middle  whereof  they  make  their  fire.     They 

live  in  common  togither:   then  doe  the  husbands,  wives 

and  children  each  one  retire  themselves  to  their  chambers. 

They  have  also  on  the  top  of  their  houses  certaine  garrets, 

wherein  they  keepe  their  corne  to  make  their  bread  with- 

all :  they  call  it  Carraconny,  which  they  make  as  hereafter 

shall  follow.     They  have  certaine  peeces  of  wood,  made 

hollow   like    those  whereon   we    beate    our    hempe,   and 

with   certaine   beetles   of  wood  they  beat  their  corne  to 

powder :  then  they  make  paste  of  it,  and  of  the  paste, 

cakes  or  wreathes,  then  they  lay  them   on  a  broad  and 

hote  stone,  and  then  cover  it  with  hote  stones,  and  so  they 

bake   their  bread  in  stead  of  Ovens.      They  make  also  Maiz,  pease, 

sundry  sorts  of  pottage  with  the  said  corne  and  also  of  ^^^!!^^'  ^"'^^~ 

■'       I      r  -I  1  r    1  1  miUions,  cu- 

pease  and  or  beanes,  wnereor  they  have  great   store,  as  numbers  and 

also  with  other  fruits,  as  Muske-Millions,  and  very  great  other  fruits. 

Cowcumbers.      They  have  also  in  their  houses  certaine  Pkntieoffish 

vessels  as  bi2:ffe  as  any  But  or  Tun,  wherein  they  preserve  ^^^  t}e  pre- 

and  keepe  their  fish,  causing  the  same  in  sommer  to  be  f^gj.go% 

dried  in  the  sunne,  and  live  therewith  in  winter,  whereof 

they   make  great    provision,   as  we    by   experience    have  [HI.  221.] 

scene.     All  their  viands  and  meates  are  without  any  tast 

or  savour  of  salt  at  all.     They   sleepe  upon   barkes  of 

trees  laide  all  along  upon  the  ground  being  over-spread 

with   the    skinnes   of  certaine   wilde   Beastes,   wherewith 

they  also  cloth  and  cover  themselves.     The  thing  most 

precious  that  they  have  in  all  the  world  they  call  Asurgny  : 

it  is  as  white  as  any  snow :  they  take  it  in  the  said  river 

of  Cornibotz,   in   the  maner   folowing.     When   any  one 

hath    deserved    death,    or    that    they    take    any   of  their 

enemies  in  Warres,  first  they  kill  him,  then  with  certaine 

knives  they  give  great    slashes   and    strokes   upon   their 

buttocks,  flankes,  thighs,  and  shoulders :  then  they  cast 

the  same  bodie  so  mangled  downe  to  the  bottome  of  the 

river,   in  a  place  where  the  said  Esurgny   is,  and  there 

leave  it  ten  or  12  houres,  then  they  take  it  up  againe,  and 

in   the   cuts   find  the  said    Esurgny  or  Cornibotz.      Of 

them    they   make   beads,    and    weare    them    about    their 

233 


to  stanch 
blood. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

necks,  even  as  we  doe  chaines  of  gold  and  silver,  account- 
Esurgni  good  ing  it  the  preciousest  thing  in  the  world.  They  have 
this  vertue  and  propertie  in  them,  they  will  stop  or  stanch 
bleeding  at  the  nose,  for  we  have  prooved  it.  These  people 
are  given  to  no  other  exercise,  but  onely  to  husbandrie 
and  fishing  for  their  sustenance :  they  have  no  care  of 
any  other  wealth  or  commoditie  in  this  world,  for  they 
have  no  knowledge  of  it,  and  that  is,  because  they  never 
travell  and  go  out  of  their  countrey,  as  those  of  Canada 
and  Saguenay  doe,  albeit  the  Canadians  with  eight  or 
nine  Villages  more  alongst  that  river  be  subjects  unto 
them. 

How  we  came  to  the  Towne  of  Hochelaga,  and  the 
entertainement  which  there  we  had,  and  of  certaine 
gifts  which  our  Captaine  gave  them,  with  divers 
other  things. 

Chap.  8. 

SO  soone  as  we  were  come  neere  the  Towne,  a  great 
number  of  the  inhabitants  thereof  came  to  present 
themselves  before  us  after  their  fashion,  making  very 
much  of  us  :  we  were  by  our  guides  brought  into  the 
middest  of  the  towne.  They  have  in  the  middlemost  part 
of  their  houses  a  large  square  place,  being  from  side  to  side 
a  good  stones  cast,  whither  we  were  brought,  and  there 
with  signes  were  commanded  to  stay :  then  suddenly 
all  the  women  and  maidens  of  the  towne  gathered  them- 
selves together,  part  of  which  had  their  armes  full  of 
young  children,  and  as  many  as  could  came  to  rubbe 
our  faces,  our  armes,  and  what  part  of  the  bodie  soever 
they  could  touch,  weeping  for  very  joy  that  they  saw  us, 
shewing  us  the  best  countenance  that  possibly  they  could, 
desiring  us  with  their  signes,  that  it  would  please  us  to 
touch  their  children.  That  done,  the  men  caused  the 
women  to  withdraw  themselves  backe,  then  they  every 
one  sate  downe  on  the  ground  round  about  us,  as  if 
they  would  have  shewen  and  rehearsed  some  Comedie 
or  other  shew  :  then  presently  came  the  women  againe, 

234 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535. 
every  one  bringing  a  foure  square  Matte  in  manner 
of  Carpets,  and  spreading  them  abroad  on  the  ground  in 
that  place,  they  caused  us  to  sit  upon  them.  That  done, 
the  Lord  &  King  of  the  countrey  was  brought  upon  9  or 
10  mens  shoulders,  (whom  in  their  tongue  they  call 
Agouhanna)  sitting  upon  a  great  Stagges  skinne,  and 
they  laide  him  downe  upon  the  foresaid  mats  neere  to 
the  Captaine,  every  one  beckning  unto  us  that  hee  was 
their  Lord  and  King.  This  Agouhanna  was  a  man  about 
fiftie  yeeres  old:  he  was  no  whit  better  apparelled  then 
any  of  the  rest,  onely  excepted,  that  he  had  a  certaine 
thing  made  of  the  skinnes  of  Hedgehogs  like  a  red 
wreath,  and  that  was  in  stead  of  his  Crowne.  He  was 
full  of  the  palsie,  and  his  members  shronke  togither. 
After  he  had  with  certaine  signes  saluted  our  Captaine 
and  all  his  companie,  and  by  manifest  tokens  bid  all 
welcome,  he  shewed  his  legges  and  armes  to  our  Captaine, 
and  with  signes  desired  him  to  touch  them,  and  so  he 
did,  rubbing  them  with  his  owne  hands:  then  did 
Agouhanna  take  the  wreath  or  crowne  he  had  about  his 
head,  and  gave  it  unto  our  Captaine :  that  done  they 
brought  before  him  divers  diseased  men,  some  blinde, 
some  criple,  some  lame  and  impotent,  and  some  so  old 
that  the  haire  of  their  eyelids  came  downe  and  covered 
their  cheekes,  and  layd  them  all  along  before  our  Captaine, 
to  the  end  they  might  of  him  be  touched  :  for  it  seemed 
unto  them  that  God  was  descended  and  come  downe  from 
heaven  to  heale  them.  Our  Captaine  seeing  the  misery 
and  devotion  of  this  poore  people,  recited  the  Gospel  of 
Saint  John,  that  is  to  say.  In  the  beginning  was  the  word ; 
touching  every  one  that  were  diseased,  praying  to  God 
that  it  would  please  him  to  open  the  hearts  of  this  poore 
people,  and  to  make  them  know  his  holy  word,  and  that 
they  might  receive  Baptisme  and  Christendome :  that 
done,  he  tooke  a  Service-booke  in  his  hand,  and  with 
a  loud  voyce  read  all  the  passion  of  Christ,  word  by 
word,  that  all  the  standers  by  might  heare  him :  all 
which   while    this    poore    people    kept    silence,    &    were 

235 


A.D. 

1535- 


[III.   222.] 


Mount  Roial. 


A  ridge  of 

mountatnes  to 
the  'North  of 
Hochelaga 
and  another 
to  the  South. 


The  3  saults 
or  f dies  of 
water  in  44 
degrees  of 
latitude. 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

marvellously  attentive,  looking  up  to  heaven,  and  imitat- 
ing us  in  gestures.  Then  he  caused  the  men  all  orderly 
to  be  set  on  one  side,  the  women  on  another,  &  likewise 
the  children  on  an  other,  &  to  the  chiefest  of  them  he 
gave  hatchets,  to  the  other  knives,  &  to  the  women 
beads  &  such  other  small  trifles.  Then  where  ye  children 
were,  he  cast  rings,  counters,  &  brooches  made  of  Tin, 
whereat  they  seemed  to  be  very  glad.  That  done,  our 
Captaine  commanded  Trumpets  and  other  musicall  instru- 
ments to  be  sounded,  which  when  they  heard,  they  were 
very  merie.  Then  we  tooke  our  leave  and  went  to  our 
boate :  the  women  seeing  that,  put  themselves  before  to 
stay  us,  and  brought  us  out  of  their  meates  that  they  had 
made  readie  for  us,  as  fish,  pottage,  beanes,  and  such 
other  things,  thinking  to  make  us  eate,  and  dine  in  that 
place :  but  because  the  meates  had  no  savour  at  all  of 
salt,  we  liked  them  not,  but  thanked  them,  and  with 
signes  gave  them  to  understand  that  we  had  no  neede  to 
eate.  When  wee  were  out  of  the  Towne,  diverse  of  the 
men  and  women  followed  us,  and  brought  us  to  the  toppe 
of  the  foresaid  mountaine,  which  wee  named  Mount 
Roial,  it  is  about  a  league  from  the  Towne.  When  as 
we  were  on  the  toppe  of  it,  we  might  discerne  and 
plainely  see  thirtie  leagues  about.  On  the  Northside  of 
it  thei-e  are  many  hilles  to  be  seene  running  West  and 
East,  and  as  many  more  on  the  South,  amongst  and 
betweene  the  which  the  Countrey  is  as  faire  and  as 
pleasant  as  possibly  can  be  seene,  being  levell,  smooth, 
and  very  plaine,  fit  to  be  husbanded  and  tilled :  and  in 
the  middest  of  those  fieldes  we  saw  the  river  further  up  a 
great  way  then  where  we  had  left  our  boates,  where  was 
the  greatest  and  the  swiftest  fall  of  water  that  any  where 
hath  beene  seene,  and  as  great,  wide  and  large  as  our 
sight  might  discerne,  going  Southwest  along  three  faire 
and  round  mountaines  that  wee  sawe,  as  we  judged  about 
fifteene  leagues  from  us.  Those  which  brought  us 
thither  tolde  and  shewed  us,  that  in  the  sayd  river  there 
were  three  such  falles  of  water  more,  as  that  was  where  we 

236 


JACQUES   CARTIER  ad. 

1535. 
had  left  our  boates :  but  because  we  could  not  understand 
their  language,  we  could  not  knowe  how  farre  they  were 
one    from    another.       Moreover    they    shewed    us    with 
signes,  that  the  said  three  fals  being  past,  a  man  might 
sayle  the  space  of  three  moneths  more  alongst  that  River, 
and  that  along  the  hilles  that  are  on  the  North  side  there 
is  a  great  river,  which  (even  as  the  other)  commeth  from 
the  West,  we  thought  it   to  be  the  river    that    runneth  T^he  river  of 
through    the  Countrey  of  Saguenay:    and   without   any  ^^S.^^^'^y 
signe  or  question  mooved  or  asked  of  them,  they  tooke  ^^^  ^^^^^ 
the  chayne  of  our  Captaines  whistle,  which  was  of  silver,  where  there  is 
and    the   dagger-haft    of    one    of   our    fellow    Mariners,  gold  and 
hanging   on   his  side  being  of  yellow  copper  guilt,  and  ^"'^^'"• 
shewed  us  that  such  stuffe  came  from  the  said  River,  and 
that  there  be  Agouionda,  that  is  as  much  to  say,  as  evill 
people,   who  goe  all  armed   even  to  their  fingers  ends. 
Also  they  shewed  us  the  manner   and   making  of  their 
armour :  they  are  made  of  cordes  and  wood,  finely  and 
cunningly   wrought    togither.       They   gave    us    also    to 
understande  that  those  Agouionda  doe  continually  warre 
one  against  another,  but  because  we  did  not  understand 
them   well,  we  could  not  perceive   how  farre   it  was   to 
that    Countrey.       Our    Captaine    shewed     them    redde 
Copper,   which   in  their  language  they  call   Caignetadze, 
and  looking  towarde  that  Countrey,  with    signes    asked 
them  if  any  came  from  thence,  they  shaking  their  heads 
answered   no :    but    they    shewed    us  that    it  came  from 
Saguenay,  and  that  lyeth  cleane    contrary  to  the    other.  Red  copper  in 
After  we  had  heard  and  seene  these  things  of  them,  we  ^^S^^^^J- 
drewe  to  our  boates  accompanied  with  a  great  multitude 
of  those  people :  some  of  them  when  as  they  sawe  any 
of  our   fellowes   weary,  would   take    them    up    on   their 
shoulders,  and  carry  them  as  on  horsebacke.     So  soone  as 
we   came  to  our  boates  we  hoysed  saile   to    goe    toward 
our  Pinnesse,  doubting  of  some  mischance.     Our  depar- 
ture grieved  and   displeased  them  very  much,   for   they 
followed  us  along  the   river  as  farre  as  they  could :  we 
went  so  fast  that  on  munday  being  the  fourth  of  October 

237 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

wee  came  where  our  Pinnesse  was.  The  Tuesday  follow- 
ing being  the  fift  of  the  moneth,  we  hoysed  saile,  and 
with  our  Pinnesse  and  boates  departed  from  thence 
toward  the  Province  of  Canada,  to  the  port  of  the  Holy 
Crosse,  where  we  had  left  our  ships.  The  seventh  day 
we  came  against  a  river  that  commeth  from  the  North, 
and  entred  into  that  river,  at  the  entrance  whereof  are 
foure  little  Hands  full  of  faire  and  goodly  trees :  we 
named  that  river  The  river  of  Fovetz :  But  because  one 
of  those  Ilandes  stretcheth  it  selfe  a  great  way  into  the 
river,  our  Captaine  at  the  point  of  it  caused  a  goodly 
great  Crosse  to  be  set  up,  and  commanded  the  boates 
to  be  made  readie,  that  with  the  next  tide  he  might 
goe  up  the  saide  river,  and  consider  the  qualitie  of  it, 
which  wee  did,  and  that  day  went  up  as  farre  as  we 
could :  but  because  we  found  it  to  be  of  no  import- 
ance, and  very  shallow,  we  returned  and  sayled  downe 
the  river. 

How  we  came  to  the  Port  of  the  Holy  Crosse,  and 
in  what  state  we  found  our  ships :  and  how  the 
Lord  of  the  Countrey  came  to  visite  our  Captaine, 
and  our  Captaine  him :  and  of  certaine  particular 
customes  of  the  people. 

Chap.  9. 

Ton  Monday  being  the  1 1  of  October  we  came  to 
the  Port  of  the  Holy  Crosse,  where  our  ships  were, 
and  found  that  the  Masters  and  Mariners  we  had  left 
there,  had  made  and  reared  a  trench  before  the  ships, 
altogither  closed  with  great  peeces  of  timber  set  upright 
[III.  223.]  and  very  well  fastened  togither :  then  had  they  beset 
the  said  trench  about  with  peeces  of  Artillerie  and  other 
necessarie  things  to  shield  and  defend  themselves  from 
the  power  of  all  the  countrey.  So  soone  as  the  Lord 
of  the  countrey  heard  of  our  comming,  the  next  day 
being  the  twelfth  of  October,  he  came  to  visite  us, 
accompanied  with  Taignoagny,  Domagaia  and  many 
others,  fayning  to  be  very  glad  of  our  comming,  making 

238 


u 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 

much   of  our   Captaine,   who    as    friendly  as    he    could, 

entertained  them,  albeit  they  had  not  deserved  it.  Don- 
nacona  their  Lord  desired  our  Captaine  the  next  day 
to  come  and  see  Canada,  which  he  promised  to  doe : 
for  the  next  day  being  the  13  of  the  moneth,  he  with 
all  his  Gentlemen  and  fiftie  Mariners  very  well  ap- 
pointed, went  to  visite  Donnacona  and  his  people,  about 
a  league  from  our  ships.  The  place  where  they  make 
their  abode  is  called  Stadacona.  When  we  were  about  Stadacona. 
a  stones  cast  from  their  houses,  many  of  the  inhabi- 
tants came  to  meete  us,  being  all  set  in  a  ranke,  and 
(as  their  custome  is)  the  men  all  on  one  side,  &  the 
women  on  the  other,  still  dancing  and  singing  without 
any  ceasing :  and  after  we  had  saluted  and  received  one 
another,  our  Captaine  gave  them  knives  and  such  other 
sleight  things :  then  he  caused  all  the  women  and 
children  to  passe  along  before  him,  giving  ech  one  a 
ring  of  Tin,  for  which  they  gave  him  hearty  thankes : 
that  done,  our  Captaine  was  by  Donnacona  and  Taig- 
noagny,  brought  to  see  their  houses,  which  (the  qualitie 
considered)  were  very  well  provided,  and  stored  with 
such  victuals  as  the  countrey  yeeldeth,  to  passe  away 
the  winter  withall.  Then  they  shewed  us  the  skins  of 
five  mens  heads  spread  upon  boords  as  we  doe  use 
parchment:  Donnacona  told  us  that  they  were  skins  of 
Toudamani,  a  people  dwelling  toward  the  South,  who  Toudamani 
continually    doe    warre    against    them.      Moreover    they  ^.tuellmg 

told  us,  that   it  was  two  yeeres  past   that  those  Touda-  ^°fji'^^^'f 
■,■,■'  ^  .  ,.-,?/  Canada. 

mans  came    to    assault    them,    yea    even    mto    the    said 

river,  in  an  Hand  that  lyeth  over  against  Saguenay, 
where  they  had  bin  the  night  before,  as  they  were 
going  a  warfaring  in  Hognedo,  with  200  persons,  men, 
women,  and  children,  who  being  all  asleepe  in  a  Fort 
that  they  had  made,  they  were  assaulted  by  the  said 
Toudamans,  who  put  fire  round  about  the  Fort,  and 
as  they  would  have  come  out  of  it  to  save  them- 
selves, they  were  all  slaine,  only  five  excepted,  who 
escaped.     For  which  losse  they  yet    sorrowed,   shewing 

239 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

with    signes,   that    one    day    they   would    be    revenged : 
that  done,  we  came  to  our  ships  againe. 

The  manner  how  the  people  of  that  Countrey  live : 
and  of  certaine  conditions :  of  their  faith,  maners, 
and  customes. 

Chap.    10. 

THis  people  beleeve  no  whit  in  God,  but  in  one 
whom  they  call  Cudruaigni :  they  say  that  often 
he  speaketh  with  them  and  telleth  them  what  weather 
shal  follow,  whether  good  or  bad.  Moreover  they  say, 
that  when  he  is  angry  with  them  he  casteth  dust  into 
their  eyes :  they  beleeve  that  when  they  die  they  go 
into  the  stars,  &  thence  by  litle  &  little  descend  downe 
into  the  Horizon,  even  as  the  stars  doe,  &  that  then 
they  goe  into  certaine  greene  fields  full  of  goodly  faire 
&  precious  trees,  floures,  &  fruits.  After  that  they  had 
given  us  these  things  to  understand,  we  shewed  them 
their  error,  and  told  that  their  Cudruaigni  did  but 
deceive  them,  for  he  is  but  a  Divell  &  an  evill  spirit : 
affirming  unto  them,  that  there  is  but  one  onely  God, 
who  is  in  heaven,  and  who  giveth  us  all  necessaries, 
being  the  Creatour  of  all  himselfe,  and  that  onely  we 
must  beleeve  in  him :  moreover,  that  it  is  necessarie 
for  us  to  be  baptised,  otherwise  wee  are  damned  into 
hell.  These  and  many  other  things  concerning  our 
faith  and  religion  we  shewed  them,  all  which  they  did 
easily  beleeve,  calling  their  Cudruaigni,  Agouiada,  that 
is  to  say,  nought,  so  that  very  earnestly  they  desired 
and  prayed  our  Captaine  that  he  would  cause  them  to 
be  baptised,  and  their  Lorde,  and  Taignoagny,  Doma- 
They  desire  io  gaia,  and  all  the  people  of  the  towne  came  unto  us, 
be  baptized,  hoping  to  be  baptised  :  but  because  we  did  not  throughly 
know  their  minde,  and  that  there  was  no  bodie  could 
teach  them  our  beliefe  &  religion,  we  excused  our 
selves,  desiring  Taignoagny,  &  Domagaia,  to  tell  the 
rest  of  their  countreymen,  that  he  would  come  againe 
another   time,   &   bring  Priests  &  chrisome  with  us,  for 

240 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535. 

without  them   they  could  not  be   baptised :  which  they 
did  easily    beleeve,    for    Domagaia    &   Taignoagny    had 
seene  many  children  baptised  in  Britain  whiles  they  were 
there.     Which    promise  when    they  heard  they  seemed 
to    be    very    glad.      They    live    in    common    togither  : 
and    of   such    commodities    as    their   countrey   yeeldeth 
they  are  indifferently  well  stored,  the  inhabitants  of  the 
countrey  cloth  themselves  with  the   skinnes  of  certaine 
wilde  beasts,  but  very  miserably.     In  winter  they  weare 
hosen  and  shoes    made    of  wilde    beasts   skins,    and    in 
Sommer  they  goe  barefooted.     They  keepe  and  observe 
the   rites  of  matrimonie,  saving  that  every  one  weddeth 
2   or   3   wives,  which    (their   husbands    being  dead)    do 
never  marrie  againe,  but  for  the  death  of  their  husbands 
weare  a  certaine  blacke  weede  all  the  daies  of  their  life, 
besmearing  al  their  faces  with  cole-dust  &  grease  mingled 
togither  as  thicke  as  the  backe  of  a  knife,  and  by  that 
they  are   knowen  to  be  widdowes.     They  have  a  filthy  [III.  224.] 
and   detestable    use    in   marrying   of  their   maidens,   and 
that  is   this,  they  put  them  all  (after  they  are  of  lawful! 
age  to  marry)   in    a    common   place,   as  harlots   free  for 
every  man  that  will  have  to  doe  with  them,  untill  such 
time  as  they  find  a  match.     This  I  say,  because  T  have 
seene  by  experience  many  housen  full  of  those  Damosels, 
even  as  our  schooles  are   full  of  children  in  France  to 
learne   to   reade.     Moreover,   the   misrule   and  riot  that 
they   keepe    in    those    houses    is   very    great,    for   very 
wantonly  they  sport   and   dally  togither,  shewing  what- 
soever   God    hath    sent   them.      They    are    no    men    of 
great  labour.     They   digge  their  grounds  with    certaine 
peeces   of  wood,  as  bigge   as   halfe   a    sword,  on   which 
ground  groweth  their  corne,   which  they  call   Offici :    it  Their  Maiz. 
is  as  bigge  as  our  small  peason :    there  is  great  quantitie 
of  it  growing  in  Bresill.     They  have  also  great  store  of 
Muske-milions,   Pompions,   Gourds,  Cucumbers,  Peason 
and   Beanes    of  every  colour,    yet   differing  from    ours. 
There  groweth  also   a  certaine  kind    of  herbe,   whereof 
in  Sommer  they  make  great  provision  for  all  the  yeere, 

VIII  241  Q 


scribed. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

making  great  account  of  it,  and  onely  men  use  of  it, 
Tobacco  de-  and  first  they  cause  it  to  be  dried  in  the  sunne,  then 
weare  it  about  their  neckes  wrapped  in  a  little  beasts 
skinne  made  like  a  little  bagge,  with  a  hollow  peece  of 
stone  or  wood  like  a  pipe :  then  when  they  please  they 
make  pouder  of  it,  and  then  put  it  in  one  of  the  ends 
of  the  said  Cornet  or  pipe,  and  laying  a  cole  of  fire 
upon  it,  at  the  other  ende  sucke  so  long,  that  they  fill 
their  bodies  full  of  smoke,  till  that  it  commeth  out  of 
their  mouth  and  nostrils,  even  as  out  of  the  Tonnell 
of  a  chimney.  They  say  that  this  doth  keepe  them 
warme  and  in  health :  they  never  goe  without  some  of 
it  about  them.  We  our  selves  have  tryed  the  same 
smoke,  and  having  put  it  in  our  mouthes,  it  seemed 
almost  as  hot  as  Pepper.  The  women  of  that  countrey 
doe  labour  much  more  then  the  men,  as  well  in  fishing 
(whereto  they  are  greatly  given)  as  in  tilling  and  hus- 
banding their  grounds,  and  other  things :  as  well  the 
men  as  women  and  children,  are  very  much  more  able 
to  resist  cold  then  savage  beastes,  for  wee  with  our 
owne  eyes  have  scene  some  of  them,  when  it  was 
coldest  (which  cold  was  extreme  raw  and  bitter)  come 
to  our  ships  starke  naked  going  upon  snow  &  yce, 
which  thing  seemeth  incredible  to  them  that  have  not 
scene  it.  When  as  the  snow  and  yce  lyeth  on  the 
ground,  they  take  great  store  of  wilde  beasts,  as  Faunes, 
Stags,  Beares,  Marterns,  Hares  &  Foxes,  with  divers 
other  sorts  whose  flesh  they  eate  raw,  having  first  dried 
it  in  ye  sunne  or  smoke,  and  so  they  doe  their  fish. 
As  farre  foorth  as  we  could  perceive  and  understand 
by  these  people,  it  were  a  very  easie  thing  to  bring 
them  to  some  familiaritie  &  civility,  and  make  them 
learne  what  one  would.  The  Lord  God  for  his  mercies 
sake  set  therunto  his  helping  hand  when  he  seeth  cause. 
Amen. 


242 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1535- 

Of  the  greatnesse  and  depth  of  the  said  river,  and  of 
the  sorts  of  beasts,  birdes,  fishes,  and  other  things 
that  we  have  seene,  with  the  situation  of  the  place. 

Chap.   1 1 . 

THe  said  river  beginneth  beyond  the  Hand  of  the 
Assumption,  over  against  the  high  mountaines  of 
Hognedo,  and  of  the  seven  Hands.  The  distance  over 
from  one  side  to  the  other  is  about  i,^  or  40  leagues. 
In  the  middest  it  is  above  200  fadome  deepe.  The 
surest  way  to  sayle  upon  it  is  on  the  South  side.  And 
toward  the  North,  that  is  to  say,  from  the  said  7 
Hands,  from  side  to  side,  there  is  seven  leagues  dis- 
tance, where  are  also  two  great  rivers  that  come  downe 
from  the  hils  of  Saguenay,  and  make  divers  very  dan- 
gerous shelves  in  the  sea.  At  the  entrance  of  those  two 
rivers  we  saw  many  &  great  store  of  Whales  and  Sea 
horses.  Overthwart  the  said  Hands  there  is  another  little 
river  that  runneth  along  those  marrish  grounds  about  3 
or  4  leagues,  wherin  there  is  great  store  of  water  foules. 
From  the  entrance  of  that  river  to  Hochelaga  there  is 
about  300  leagues  distance :  the  originall  beginning  of  it  ^^ "  ^"^ 
is  in  the  river  that  commeth  from  Saguenay,  which  riseth  -^"""^  ^^  ^ 
and  springeth  among  high  &  steepe  hils :  it  entreth  into  /^^^^^j, 
that  river  before  it  commeth  to  the  Province  of  Canada 
on  the  North  side.  That  river  is  very  deepe,  high,  and 
streight,  wherefore  it  is  very  dangerous  for  any  vessell  to 
goe  upon  it.  After  that  river  followeth  the  Province 
of  Canada,  wherein  are  many  people  dwelling  in  open 
boroughes  and  villages.  There  are  also  in  the  circuit  and 
territorie  of  Canada,  along,  and  within  the  said  river, 
many  other  Hands,  some  great  &  some  small,  among 
which  there  is  one  that  containeth  above  ten  leagues  in 
length,  full  of  goodly  and  high  trees,  and  also  many 
Vines.  You  may  goe  into  it  from  both  sides,  but  yet  the 
surest  passage  is  on  the  South  side.  On  the  shore  or 
banke  of  that  river  Westward,  there  is  a  goodly,  faire, 
and    delectable  bay  or  creeke,  convenient  and  fit  for  to 

243 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

harborough  ships.  Hard  by  there  is  in  that  river  one 
place  very  narrow,  deepe,  &  swift  running,  but  it  is  not 
passing  the  third  part  of  a  league,  over  against  the  which 
there  is  a  goodly  high  peece  of  land,  with  a  towne 
therein :  and  the  countrey  about  it  is  very  well  tilled 
&  wrought,  &  as  good  as  possibly  can  be  scene.  That  is 
the  place  and  abode  of  Donnacona,  and  of  our  two  men 
we  tooke  in  our  first  voyage,  it  is  called  Stadacona.  But 
before  we  come  to  it,  there  are  4  other  peopled  townes, 

[III.  225.]  that  is  to  say,  Ayraste,  Starnatan,  Tailla,  which  standeth 
upon  a  hill,  Scitadin,  and  then  Stadagona,  under  which 
towne  toward  the  North  the  river  and  port  of  the  holy 
crosse  is,  where  we  staied  from  the  15  of  September, 
untill  the  16  of  May  1536,  and  there  our  ships  remained 
dry,  as  we  have  said  before.  That  place  being  past,  we 
found  the  habitation  of  the  people  called  Teguenondahi, 
standing  upon  an  high  mountaine,  and  the  valley  of 
Hochelay,  which  standeth  in  a  Champaigne  countrey. 
All  the  sayd  countrey  on  both  sides  of  the  river  as  farre 
as  Hochelay  &  beyond,  is  as  faire  and  plaine  as  ever  was 
scene.  There  are  certaine  mountaines  farre  distant  from 
the  said  river,  which  are  to  be  scene  above  the  foresaid 

Rivers  falling  townes,   from   which    mountaines    divers   rivers   descend, 

from  moun-  which  fall  into  the  said  great  river.  All  that  countrey 
is  full  of  sundry  sorts  of  wood  and  many  Vines,  unlesse 
it  be  about  the  places  that  are  inhabited,  where  they  have 
pulled  up  the  trees  to  till  and  labour  the  ground,  and  to 
build  their  houses  and  lodgings.     There  is  great  store  of 

Beasts.  Stags,  Deere,  Beares,  and  other  such  like  sorts  of  beasts, 

as  Connies,  Hares,  Marterns,  Foxes,  Otters,  Bevers, 
Weasels,  Badgers,  and  Rats  exceeding  great,  and  divers 
other  sortes  of  wilde  beastes.  They  cloth  themselves 
with  the  skinnes  of  those  beasts,  because  they  have 
nothing  else  to  make  them  apparell  withall.     There  are 

Birdes.  also  many  sorts  of  birdes,  as  Cranes,  Swannes,  Bustards, 

wilde  Geese  white  and  gray,  Duckes,  Thrushes,  Black- 
birdes,  Turtles,  wilde  Pigeons,  Lenites,  Finches,  Red- 
breasts, Stares,  Nightingales,  Sparrowes,  and  other  Birdes, 

244 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1535. 
even  as  in  France.  Also,  as  we  have  said  before,  the  said 
river  is  the  plentifuUest  of  fish  that  ever  hath  of  any  man  Fishes. 
bene  scene  or  heard  of,  because  that  from  the  mouth  to 
the  end  of  it,  according  to  their  seasons,  you  shall  finde 
all  sorts  of  fresh  water  fish  and  salt.  There  are  also 
many  Whales,  Porposes,  Seahorses,  and  Adhothuis,  which 
is  a  kind  of  fish  that  we  had  never  seene  nor  heard  of 
before.  They  are  as  great  as  Porposes,  as  white  as  any 
snow,  their  bodie  and  head  fashioned  as  a  grayhound,  they 
are  wont  alwaies  to  abide  betwene  the  fresh  &  salt  water, 
which  beginneth  betweene  the  river  of  Saguenay  and 
Canada. 

Of  certaine  advertisements  and  notes  given  unto  us 
by  those  countreymen,  after  our  returne  from 
Hochelaga. 

Chap.    12. 

AFter  our  returne  from  Hochelaga,  we  dealt,  traffickt, 
and  with  great  familiaritie  and  love  were  conversant 
with  those  that  dwelt  neerest  unto  our  ships,  except  that 
sometimes  we   had   strife    and    contention    with    certaine 
naughtie  people,  full  sore  against  the  will  of  the  others. 
Wee  understood  of  Donnacona  and  of  others,  that  the 
said  river  is  called  the  river  of  Saguenay,  and  goeth  to 
Saguenay,  being   somewhat  more  then    a  league   farther 
Westnorthwest,  and  that   8  or   9   dayes  journey  beyond, 
it  wil  beare  but  small  boats.     But  the  right  and  readie  The  right  way 
way  to  Saguenay  is  up  that  river  to  Hochelaga,  and  then  ^°  ^^guenay. 
into  another  that  commeth  from  Saguenay,  and  then  entreth 
into  the  foresaid  river,  &  that  there  is  yet  one  moneths 
sayling  thither.      Moreover,  they  told    us    and    gave  us 
to  understand,  that  there  are   people   clad  with  cloth  as 
we  are,  very  honest,  and  many  inhabited  townes,  and  that 
they  have  great  store  of  Gold  and  red  Copper :  and  that  S/or,?  ofgolde 
about  the  land  beyond  the  said  first  river  to  Hochelaga   ^  red  copper. 
and  Saguenay,  is  an  Hand   environed  round  about  with 
that  and  other  rivers,  and  that  beyond  Saguenay  the  said  j^^^g  ^^  ^^^^^ 
river  entereth  into  two  or  3  great  lakes,  and  that  there  is  great  lakes. 

245 


A.D. 

1535- 

Mare  dukium 

aquarum. 


The  river  of 
Irrouacas fall- 
ing into  the 
lake  ofAngo- 
lesme. 


[III.  226O 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

a  Sea  of  fresh  water  found,  and  as  they  have  heard  say  of 
those  of  Saguenay,  there  was  never  man  heard  of  that 
found  out  the  end  thereof:  for,  as  they  told  us,  they 
themselves  were  never  there.  Moreover  they  told  us, 
that  where  we  had  left  our  Pinnesse  when  wee  went  to 
Hochelaga,  there  is  a  river  that  goeth  Southwest,  from 
whence  there  is  a  whole  moneths  sayling  to  goe  to  a 
certaine  land,  where  there  is  neither  yce  nor  snow  seene, 
where  the  inhabitants  do  continually  warre  one  against 
another,  where  is  great  store  of  Oranges,  Almonds,  Nuts, 
and  Apples,  with  many  other  sorts  of  fruits,  and  that 
the  men  and  women  are  clad  with  beasts  skinnes  even 
as  they :  we  asked  them  if  there  were  any  gold  or  red 
copper,  they  answered  no.  I  take  this  place  to  be  toward 
Florida,  as  farre  as  I  could  perceive  and  understand 
by  their  signes  and  tokens. 

Of  a  strange  and  cruell  disease  that  came  to  the  people 
of  Stadacona,  wherewith  because  we  did  haunt  their 
company,  we  were  so  infected,  that  there  died  25 
of  our  company. 

Chap.   13. 

IN  the  moneth  of  December,  wee  understood  that  the 
pestilence  was  come  among  the  people  of  Stadacona, 
in  such  sort,  that  before  we  knew  of  it,  according  to  their 
confession,  there  were  dead  above  50 :  whereupon  we 
charged  them  neither  to  come  neere  our  Fort,  nor  about 
our  ships,  or  us.  And  albeit  we  had  driven  them  from 
us,  the  said  unknowen  sicknes  began  to  spread  itselfe 
amongst  us  after  the  strangest  sort  that  ever  was  eyther 
heard  of  or  seene,  insomuch  as  some  did  lose  all  their 
strength,  and  could  not  stand  on  their  feete,  then  did  their 
legges  swel,  their  sinnowes  shrinke  as  blacke  as  any  cole. 
Others  also  had  all  their  skins  spotted  with  spots  of  blood 
of  a  purple  coulour :  then  did  it  ascend  up  to  their  ankels, 
knees,  thighes,  shoulders,  armes,  and  necke :  their  mouth 
became  stincking,  their  gummes  so  rotten,  that  all  the 
flesh  did  fall  off,  even  to  the  rootes  of  the  teeth,  which 

246 


JACQUES   CARTIER  ad. 

1535- 
did  also  almost  all  fall  out.  With  such  infection  did  this 
sicknesse  spread  it  selfe  in  our  three  ships,  that  about  the 
middle  of  February,  of  a  hundreth  and  tenne  persons 
that  we  were,  there  were  not  ten  whole,  so  that  one  could 
not  helpe  the  other,  a  most  horrible  and  pitifull  case, 
considering  the  place  we  were  in,  forsomuch  as  the  people 
of  the  countrey  would  dayly  come  before  our  fort,  and 
saw  but  few  of  us.  There  were  alreadie  eight  dead,  and 
more  then  fifty  sicke,  and  as  we  thought,  past  all  hope  of 
recovery.  Our  Captaine  seeing  this  our  misery,  &  that 
the  sicknesse  was  gone  so  farre,  ordained  and  commanded, 
that  every  one  should  devoutly  prepare  himselfe  to  prayer, 
and  in  remembrance  of  Christ,  caused  his  Image  to  be 
set  upon  a  tree,  about  a  flight  shot  from  the  fort  amidst 
the  yce  and  snow,  giving  all  men  to  understand,  that 
on  the  Sunday  following,  service  should  be  said  there, 
and  that  whosoever  could  goe,  sicke  or  whole,  should  goe 
thither  in  Procession,  singing  the  seven  Psalmes  of  David, 
with  other  Letanies,  praying  most  heartily  that  it  would 
please  the  said  our  Christ  to  have  compassion  upon  us. 
Service  being  done,  and  as  well  celebrated  as  we  could, 
our  Captaine  there  made  a  vow,  that  if  it  would  please 
God  to  give  him  leave  to  returne  into  France,  he  would 
go  on  Pilgrimage  to  our  Ladie  of  Rocquemado.  That 
day  Philip  Rougemont,  borne  in  Amboise,  died,  being 
22  yeeres  olde,  and  because  the  sickenesse  was  to  us 
unknowen,  our  Captaine  caused  him  to  be  ripped  to  see 
if  by  any  meanes  possible  we  might  know  what  it  was, 
and  so  seeke  meanes  to  save  and  preserve  the  rest  of 
the  company :  he  was  found  to  have  his  heart  white,  but 
rotten,  and  more  then  a  quart  of  red  water  about  it : 
his  liver  was  indifferent  faire,  but  his  lungs  blacke  and 
mortified,  his  blood  was  altogither  shrunke  about  the 
heart,  so  that  when  he  was  opened  great  quantitie  of 
rotten  blood  issued  out  from  about  his  heart :  his  milt 
toward  the  backe  was  somewhat  perished,  rough  as  if  it 
had  bene  rubbed  against  a  stone.  Moreover,  because 
one    of    his    thighs    was    very    blacke    without,    it    was 

247 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535. 

opened,  but  within  it  was  whole  and  sound :  that  done, 
as  well  as  we  could  he  was  buried.  In  such  sort  did 
the  sicknesse  continue  and  encrease,  that  there  were  not 
above  three  sound  men  in  the  ships,  and  none  was  able 
to  goe  under  hatches  to  draw  drinke  for  himselfe,  nor 
for  his  fellowes.  Sometimes  we  were  constrained  to 
bury  some  of  the  dead  under  the  snow,  because  we 
were  not  able  to  digge  any  graves  for  them  the  ground 
was  so  hard  frozen,  and  we  so  weake.  Besides  this,  we 
did  greatly  feare  that  the  people  of  the  countrey  would 
perceive  our  weakenesse  and  miserie,  which  to  hide,  our 
Captaine,  whom  it  pleased  God  alwayes  to  keepe  in 
health,  would  go  out  with  two  or  three  of  the  com- 
pany, some  sicke  and  some  whole,  whom  when  he  saw 
out  of  the  Fort,  he  would  throw  stones  at  them  and 
chide  them,  faigning  that  so  soone  as  he  came  againe, 
he  would  beate  them,  and  then  with  signes  shewe  the 
people  of  the  countrey  that  hee  caused  all  his  men  to 
worke  and  labour  in  the  ships,  some  in  calking  them, 
some  in  beating  of  chalke,  some  in  one  thing,  and 
some  in  another,  and  that  he  would  not  have  them 
come  foorth  till  their  worke  was  done.  And  to  make 
his  tale  seeme  true  and  likely,  he  would  make  all  his 
men  whole  &  sound  to  make  a  great  noyse  with 
knocking  stickes,  stones,  hammers,  and  other  things 
togither,  at  which  time  we  were  so  oppressed  and 
grieved  with  that  sicknesse,  that  we  had  lost  all  hope 
ever  to  see  France  againe,  if  God  of  his  infinite  good- 
nesse  and  mercie  had  not  with  his  pitifull  eye  looked 
upon  us,  and  revealed  a  singular  and  excellent  remedie 
against  all  diseases  unto  us,  the  best  that  ever  was 
found  upon  earth,  as  hereafter  shall   follow. 


248 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1535- 

How  long  we  stayed  in  the  Port  of  the  holy  Crosse 
amidst  the  snow  and  yce,  and  how  many  died  of 
the  said  disease,  from  the  beginning  of  it  to  the 
midst  of  March. 

Chap.    14. 

FRom  the  midst  of  November  untill  the  midst  of 
March,  we  were  kept  in  amidst  the  yce  above  two 
fadomes  thicke,  and  snow  above  foure  foote  high  and 
more,  higher  then  the  sides  of  our  ships,  which  lasted 
till  that  time,  in  such  sort,  that  all  our  drinkes  were 
frozen  in  the  Vessels,  and  the  yce  through  all  the  ships 
was  above  a  hand-breadth  thicke,  as  well  above  hatches 
as  beneath,  and  so  much  of  the  river  as  was  fresh, 
even  to  Hochelaga,  was  frozen,  in  which  space  there 
died  five  and  twentie  of  our  best  and  chiefest  men,  and 
all  the  rest  were  so  sicke,  that  wee  thought  they  should 
never  recover  againe,  only  three  or  foure  excepted. 
Then  it  pleased  God  to  cast  his  pitifuU  eye  upon  us, 
and  sent  us  the  knowledge  of  remedie  of  our  healthes 
and  recoverie,  in  such  maner  as  in  the  next  Chapter 
shall  be  shewed. 

How   by  the  grace  of  God  we  had  notice  of  a  certaine  [IH-  227.] 
tree,  whereby  we  all  recovered  our  health :    and  the 
maner  how  to  use  it. 

Chap.    15. 

OUr  Captaine  considering  our  estate  (and  how  that 
sicknesse  was  encreased  and  hot  amongst  us)  one 
day  went  foorth  of  the  Forte,  and  walking  upon  the 
yce,  hee  saw  a  troupe  of  those  Countreymen  comming 
from  Stadacona,  among  which  was  Domagaia,  who  not 
passing  ten  or  twelve  dayes  afore,  had  bene  very  sicke 
with  that  disease,  and  had  his  knees  swolne  as  bigge 
as  a  child  of  two  yeres  old,  ail  his  sinews  shrunke 
together,  his  teeth  spoyled,  his  gummes  rotten,  and 
stinking.  Our  Captaine  seeing  him  whole  and  sound, 
was  thereat   marvellous   glad,  hoping  to  understand  and 

249 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1535- 

know  of  him  how  he  had  healed  himselfe,  to  the  end  he 
might  ease  and  help  his  men.  So  soone  as  they  were 
come  neere  him,  he  asked  Domagaia  how  he  had  done 
to  heale  himselfe:  he  answered,  that  he  had  taken  the 
juice  and  sappe  of  the  leaves  of  a  certaine  Tree,  and 
therewith  had  healed  himselfe :  For  it  was  a  singular 
remedy  against  that  disease.  Then  our  Captaine  asked 
of  him  if  any  were  to  be  had  thereabout,  desiring  him 
to  shew  him,  for  to  heale  a  servant  of  his,  who  whilest 
he  was  in  Canada  with  Donnacona,  was  striken  with 
that  disease :  That  he  did  because  he  would  not  shew 
the  number  of  his  sicke  men.  Domagaia  straight  sent 
two  women  to  fetch  some  of  it,  which  brought  ten  or 
twelve  branches  of  it,  and  therewithall  shewed  the  way 
how  to  use  it,  and  that  is  thus,  to  take  the  barke  and 
leaves  of  the  sayd  tree,  and  boile  them  together,  then 
to  drinke  of  the  sayd  decoction  every  other  day,  and  to 
put  the  dregs  of  it  upon  his  legs  that  is  sicke :  more- 
over, they  told  us,  that  the  vertue  of  that  tree  was, 
to  heale  any  other  disease :  the  tree  is  in  their  language 
called  Ameda  or  Hanneda,  this  is  thought  to  be  the 
Sassafras  tree.  Our  Captain  presently  caused  some  of 
that  drink  to  be  made  for  his  men  to  drink  of  it,  but 
there  was  none  durst  tast  of  it,  except  one  or  two,  who 
ventured  the  drinking  of  it,  only  to  tast  &  prove  it : 
the  other  seeing  that  did  the  like,  and  presently  re- 
covered their  health,  and  were  delivered  of  that  sicke- 
nes,  &  what  other  disease  soever,  in  such  sorte,  that 
there  were  some  had  bene  diseased  and  troubled  with 
A  perfect  the  French  Pockes  foure  or  five  yeres,  and  with  this 
remedy  drinke    were    cleane    healed.      After    this    medicine    was 

^f'^T\ P ^ k  ^o^^"^*^  ^^"^  proved  to  be  true,  there  was  such  strife 
about  it,  who  should  be  first  to  take  of  it,  that  they 
were  ready  to  kill  one  another,  so  that  a  tree  as  big 
as  any  Oake  in  France  was  spoiled  and  lopped  bare, 
and  occupied  all  in  five  or  sixe  daies,  and  it  wrought 
so  wel,  that  if  all  the  phisicians  of  Mountpelier  and 
Lovaine  had  bene  there  with  all   the  drugs    of  Alexan- 

250 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1535- 
dria,   they   would   not  have  done  so  much   in  one  yere, 
as   that  tree   did   in  sixe  dayes,  for    it    did    so  prevaile, 
that  as   many  as  used  of  it,  by  the  grace  of   God    re- 
covered their  health. 

How  the  Lord  Donnacona  accompanied  with  Taigno- 
agny  and  divers  others,  faining  that  they  would  goe 
to  hunt  Stags,  and  Deere,  taried  out  two  moneths, 
and  at  their  returne  brought  a  great  multitude  of 
people  with  them,  that  we  were  not  wont  to  see 
before. 

Chap.   1 6. 

WHile  that  disease  lasted  in  our  ships,  the  lord 
Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  with  many  others  went 
from  home,  faining  that  they  would  goe  to  catch  Stags 
and  Deere,  which  are  in  their  tongue  called  Ajounesta, 
and  Asquenoudo,  because  the  yce  and  snow  was  not  so 
broken  along  the  river  that  they  could  sayle :  it  was 
told  us  of  Domagaia  and  others,  that  they  would  stay 
out  but  a  fortnight,  &  we  beleeved  it,  but  they  stayed 
above  two  moneths,  which  made  us  mistrust  that  they 
had  bene  gone  to  raise  the  countrey  to  come  against  us, 
and  do  us  some  displeasure,  we  seeing  our  selves  so 
weake  &  faint.  Albeit  we  had  used  such  diligence  and 
policie  in  our  Fort,  that  if  all  the  power  of  the 
countrey  had  bene  about  it,  they  could  have  done 
nothing  but  looke  upon  us :  and  whilest  they  were 
foorth,  many  of  the  people  came  dayly  to  our  ships, 
and  brought  us  fresh  meat,  as  Stags,  Deere,  fishes,  with 
divers  other  things,  but  held  them  at  such  an  excessive 
price,  that  rather  then  they  would  sell  them  any  thing 
cheape,  many  times  they  would  carie  them  backe  againe, 
because  that  yere  the  Winter  was  very  long,  and  they  A  long  winter. 
had  some  scarcity  and  neede  of  them. 


[How  Donnacona 
251 


o 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1536- 

How  Donnacona  came  to  Stadacona  againe  with  a 
great  number  of  people,  and  because  he  would  not 
come  to  visit  our  Captaine,  fained  himself  to  be 
sore  sicke,  which  he  did  only  to  have  the  Captaine 
come  see  him. 

Chap.    17. 

|N  the  one  and  twentieth  day  of  April  Domagaia 
came  to  the  shore  side,  accompanied  with  divers 
lusty  and  strong  men,  such  as  we  were  not  wont  to 
[III.  228.]  see,  and  tolde  us  that  their  lord  Donnacona  would  the 
next  day  come  and  see  us,  and  bring  great  store  of 
Deeres  flesh,  and  other  things  with  him.  The  next 
day  he  came  and  brought  a  great  number  of  men  to 
Stadacona,  to  what  end,  and  for  what  cause  wee  knew 
not,  but  (as  the  proverb  sayth)  he  that  takes  heede 
and  shields  himselfe  from  all  men,  may  hap  to  scape 
from  some :  for  we  had  need  to  looke  about  us,  con- 
sidering how  in  number  we  were  diminished,  and  in 
strength  greatly  weakned,  both  by  reason  of  our  sicknesse 
and  also  of  the  number  that  were  dead,  so  that  we  were 
constrained  to  leave  one  of  our  ships  in  the  Port  of 
the  Holy  Crosse.  Our  Captaine  was  warned  of  their 
comming,  and  how  they  had  brought  a  great  number  of 
men  with  them,  for  Domagaia  came  to  tell  it  us,  and 
durst  not  passe  the  river  that  was  betwixt  Stadacona  and 
us,  as  he  was  wont  to  doe,  whereupon  we  mistrusted 
some  treason.  Our  Captaine  seeing  this,  sent  one  of  his 
servants  to  them,  accompanied  with  John  Poulet  being 
best  beloved  of  those  people,  to  see  who  were  there,  and 
what  they  did.  The  sayd  Poulet  &  the  other  fained 
themselves  onely  to  be  come  to  visit  Donnacona,  &  bring 
him  certaine  presents,  because  they  had  beene  together  a 
good  while  in  the  sayd  Donnaconas  Towne.  So  soone 
as  he  heard  of  their  comming,  he  got  himselfe  to  bed, 
faining  to  bee  very  sicke.  That  done,  they  went  to 
Taignoagny  his  house  to  see  him,  and  wheresoever  they 
went,   they   saw   so   many   people,  that   in   a  manef   one 

252 


JACQUES   CARTIER  ad. 

1536. 
could  not  stirre  for  another,  and  such  men  as  they  were 
never  wont  to  see.  Taignoagny  would  not  permit  our 
men  to  enter  into  any  other  houses,  but  still  kept  them 
company,  and  brought  them  halfe  way  to  their  ships, 
and  tolde  them  that  if  it  would  please  our  captaine  to 
shew  him  so  much  favour  as  to  take  a  Lord  of  the 
Countrey,  whose  name  was  Agonna,  of  whom  hee  had 
received  some  displeasure,  and  carie  him  with  him  into 
France,  he  should  therefore  for  ever  be  bound  unto  him, 
and  would  doe  for  him  whatsoever  hee  would  command 
him,  and  bade  the  servant  come  againe  the  next  day,  and 
bring  an  answere.  Our  Captain  being  advertised  of  so 
many  people  that  were  there,  not  knowing  to  what  end, 
purposed  to  play  a  prettie  prancke,  that  is  to  say,  to  take 
their  Lord  Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  Domagaia,  and  some 
more  of  the  chiefest  of  them  prisoners,  in  so  much  as 
before  hee  had  purposed,  to  bring  them  into  France,  to 
shew  unto  our  King  what  he  had  scene  in  those  Westerne 
parts,  and  marvels  of  the  world,  for  that  Donnacona  had 
told  us,  that  he  had  bene  in  the  Countrey  of  Saguenay, 
in  which  are  infinite  Rubies,  Gold,  and  other  riches,  and  Rubies,  Gold, 
that  there  are  white  men,  who  clothe  themselves  with  1"f^^l°l^^^ 
woollen  cloth  even  as  we  doe  in  France.  Moreover  he  ^^^^^.  ^.^-^^^^  i^ 
reported,  that  hee  had  bene  in  another  countrey  of  a  Saguenay. 
people  called  Picquemians,  and  other  strange  people.  A  people  called 
The  sayd  Lord  was  an  olde  man,  and  even  from  his  Picqtiemians. 
childehood  had  never  left  off  nor  ceased  from  travailing 
into  strange  Countreys,  as  well  by  water  and  rivers,  as  by 
lande.  The  sayd  Poulet,  and  the  other  having  tolde 
our  Captaine  their  Embassage,  and  shewed  him  what 
Taignoagny  his  will  was,  the  next  day  he  sent  his  servant 
againe  to  bid  Taignoagny  come  and  see  him,  and  shewe 
what  hee  should,  for  he  should  be  very  well  entertained, 
and  also  part  of  his  will  should  be  accomplished.  Taig- 
noagny sent  him  word,  that  the  next  day  hee  would 
come  and  bring  the  Lord  Donnacona  with  him,  and  him 
that  had  so  offended  him,  which  hee  did  not,  but  stayed 
two  dayes,  in  which  time  none  came  from  Stadacona  to 

253 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1536- 

our  shippes,  as  they  were  wont  to  doe,  but   rather  fled 
from  us,  as  if  we  would  have  slaine  them,  so  that  then 
wee  plainely  perceived  their  knavery. 
The  iotvne  of      But  because  they  understood,  that  those  of  Sidatin  did 
Stdatm.  frequent   our   company,  and   that  we    had    forsaken    the 

bottome  of  a  ship  which  we  would  leave,  to  have  the  olde 
nailes  out  of  it,  the  third  day  following  they  came  from 
Stadacona,  and  most  of  them  without  difficulty  did  passe 
from  one  side  of  the  river  to  the  other  with  small  Skiffes : 
but  Donnacona  would  not  come  over :  Taignoagny, 
and  Domagaia  stood  talking  together  above  an  houre 
before  they  would  come  over,  at  last  they  came  to  speake 
with  our  Captaine.  There  Taignoagny  prayed  him  that 
hee  would  cause  the  foresayd  man  to  be  taken  and  caried 
into  France.  Our  Captaine  refused  to  doe  it,  saying, 
that  his  King  had  forbidden  him  to  bring  any  man  or 
woman  into  France,  onely  that  he  might  bring  two  or 
three  yong  boyes  to  learne  the  language,  but  that  he 
would  willingly  cary  him  to  Newfoundland,  and  there 
leave  him  in  an  Island.  Our  Captaine  spake  this,  onely 
to  assure  them,  that  they  should  bring  Donnacona  with 
them,  whom  they  had  left  on  the  other  side :  which 
wordes,  when  Taignoagny  heard,  hee  was  very  glad, 
thinking  hee  should  never  returne  into  France  againe, 
and  therefore  promised  to  come  the  next  day,  which  was 
the  day  of  the  Holy  Crosse,  and  to  bring  Donnacona 
and  all  the  people  with  him. 

[III.  229.]  How  that  upon  Holyrood  day  our  Captaine  caused  a 
Crosse  to  be  set  up  in  our  Forte :  and  how  the  Lord 
Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  Domagaia,  and  others  of 
their  company  came  :  and  of  the  taking  of  the  sayd 
Lord. 

Chap.   18. 

THe  third  of  May  being  Holyroode  day,  our  Captaine 
for  the  solemnitie  of  the  day,  caused  a  goodly  fayre 
crosse  of  35  foote  in  height  to  bee  set  up,  under  the 
crosset    of  which    hee    caused    a    shield    to    be    hanged, 

254 


JACQUES    CARTIER  a.d. 

1536. 
wherein  were  the  Armes  of  France,  and  over  them  was 
written  in  antique  letters,  Franciscus  primus  Dei  gratia 
Francorum  Rex  regnat.  And  upon  that  day  about  noone, 
there  came  a  great  number  of  the  people  of  Stadacona, 
men,  women,  and  children,  who  told  us  that  their  Lord 
Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  and  Domagaia  were  comming, 
whereof  we  were  very  glad,  hoping  to  retaine  them. 
About  two  of  the  clocke  in  the  afternoone  they  came,  & 
being  come  neere  our  ships,  our  Captaine  went  to  salute 
Donnacona,  who  also  shewed  him  a  mery  countenance, 
albeit  very  fearefully  his  eyes  were  still  bent  toward  the 
wood.  Shortly  after  came  Taignoagny,  who  bade 
Donnacona  that  he  should  not  enter  into  our  Forte,  and 
therefore  fire  was  brought  forth  by  one  of  our  men,  & 
kindled  where  their  Lord  was.  Our  Captaine  prayed 
him  to  come  into  our  ships  to  eate  &  drinke  as  hee  was 
wont  to  do,  and  also  Taignoagny,  who  promised,  that 
after  a  while  he  would  come,  and  so  they  did,  &  entred 
into  our  ships :  but  first  it  was  told  our  Captain  by 
Domagaia  that  Taignoagny  had  spoken  ill  of  him,  &  that 
he  had  bid  Donnacona  hee  should  not  come  aboord  our 
ships.  Our  Captaine  perceiving  that,  came  out  of  the 
Forte,  and  saw  that  onely  by  Taignoagny  his  warning  the 
women  ran  away,  and  none  but  men  stayed  in  great 
number,  wherefore  he  straight  commanded  his  men  to 
lay  hold  on  Donnacona,  Taignoagny,  and  Domagaia,  &  Donnacona, 
two  more  of  the  chiefest  whom  he  pointed  unto  :  then  Taignoagny,^ 
he  commanded  them  to  make  the  other  to  retire.  Pre-  ,,j...°^^^^^^ 
sently  after,  the  said  lord  entred  into  the  Fort  with 
the  Captaine,  but  by  &  by  Taignoagny  came  to  make 
him  come  out  againe.  Our  Captaine  seeing  that  there 
was  no  other  remedy,  began  to  call  unto  them  to  take 
them,  at  whose  crie  and  voice  all  his  men  came  forth,  and 
tooke  the  sayd  Lord  with  the  others,  whom  they  had 
appointed  to  take.  The  Canadians  seeing  their  Lord 
taken,  began  to  run  away,  even  as  sheepe  before  the 
woolfe,  some  crossing  over  the  river,  some  through  the 
woods,  each  one  seeking  for  his  owne  advantage.     That 

255 


taken. 


A.D. 
1536. 


Foure  and 
twenty  chains 
of  Esurgny 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

done,  we  retired   our   selves,  and   laid  up  the  prisoners 
under  good  guard  and  safety. 

How  the  said  Canadians  the  night  following  came  before 
our  ships  to  seeke  their  men,  crying  and  howling  all 
night  like  Woolves  :  of  the  talke  and  conclusion  they 
agreed  upon  the  next  day :  and  of  the  gifts  which 
they  gave  our  Captaine. 

Chap.    19. 

THe  night  following  they  came  before  our  ships,  (the 
river  being  betwixt  us)  striking  their  breasts,  and 
crying  and  howling  like  woolves,  still  calling  Agouhanna, 
thinking  to  speake  with  him,  which  our  Captaine  for 
that  time  would  not  permit,  neither  all  the  next  day  till 
noone,  whereupon  they  made  signes  unto  us,  that  we 
had  hanged  or  killed  him.  About  noone,  there  came  as 
great  a  number  in  a  cluster,  as  ever  we  saw,  who  went 
to  hide  themselves  in  the  Forest,  except  some,  who  with 
a  loud  voice  would  call  and  crie  to  Donnacona  to  speake 
unto  them.  Our  Captaine  then  commanded  Donnacona 
to  be  brought  up  on  high  to  speake  unto  them,  and 
bade  him  be  merrie,  for  after  he  had  spoken,  and  shewed 
unto  the  King  of  France  what  hee  had  seene  in  Saguenay 
and  other  countreys,  after  ten  or  twelve  moneths,  he 
should  returne  againe,  and  that  the  King  of  France 
would  give  him  great  rewards,  whereat  Donnacona  was 
very  glad,  and  speaking  to  the  others,  told  it  them,  who 
in  token  of  joy,  gave  out  three  great  cryes,  and  then 
Donnacona  and  his  people  had  great  talke  together,  which 
for  want  of  interpreters,  cannot  be  described.  Our 
Captaine  bade  Donnacona  that  hee  should  cause  them 
to  come  to  the  other  side  of  the  river,  to  the  end 
they  might  better  talke  together  without  any  feare,  & 
that  he  should  assure  them  :  which  Donnacona  did,  and 
there  came  a  boate  full  of  the  chiefest  of  them  to  the 
ships,  and  there  anew  began  to  talke  together,  giving  great 
praise  to  our  captaine,  and  gave  him  a  present  of  foure 
and  twenty  chaines  of  Esurgny,  for  that  is  the  greatest 

256 


JACQUES   CARTIER  ad. 

1536. 

and  preciousest  riches  they  have  in  this  world,  for  they 

esteeme  more  of  that,  then  of  any  gold  or  silver.     After 

they  had  long  talked  together,  and  that  their  Lord  sawe 

that  there  was  no  remedy  to  avoide  his  going  into  France, 

hee  commanded  his  people  the  next  day,  to  bring  him 

some  victuals  to  serve  him  by  the  way.     Our  Captaine 

gave  Donnacona,  as  a  great  present,  two  Frying  pannes 

of   copper,   eight   Hatchets,   and    other    small    trifles,   as 

Knives,  and  Beades,  whereof  hee  seemed  to  be  very  glad, 

who  sent  them  to  his  wives  and  children.     Likewise,  he  [III.  230.] 

gave  to  them  that  came   to  speake  with  Donacona,  they 

thanked   him   greatly  for  them,  and   then  went   to   their 

lodgings. 

How  the  next  day,  being  the  fift  of  May,  the  sayd  people 
came  againe  to  speake  unto  their  Lord,  and  how  foure 
women  came  to  the  shore  to  bring  him  victuals. 
Chap.  20. 

UPon  the  fifth  of  May,  very  early  in  the  morning, 
a  great  number  of  the  sayd  people  came  againe  to 
speake  unto  their  Lord,  and  sent  a  Boate,  which  in  their 
tongue  they  call  Casnoni,  wherein  were  onely  foure 
women,  without  any  man,  for  feare  their  men  should 
be  retained. 

These  women  brought  great  store  of  victuals,  as  great 
Millet,  which  is  their  corne  that  they  live  withall,  flesh, 
fish,  and  other  things,  after  their  fashion. 

These  women  being  come  to  our  shippes,  our  Captaine 
did  very  friendly  entertaine  them.  Then  Donnacona 
prayed  our  Captaine  to  tell  those  women  that  hee  should 
come  againe  after  ten  or  twelve  moneths,  and  bring 
Donnacona  to  Canada  with  him :  this  hee  sayd  onely 
to  appease  them,  which  our  captaine  did :  wherefore  the 
women,  as  well  by  words  as  signes,  seemed  to  be  very 
glad,  giving  our  Captaine  thanks,  and  told  him,  if  he 
came  againe,  and  brought  Donnacona  with  him,  they 
would  give  him  many  things :  in  signe  whereof,  each  one 
gave  our  Captaine  a  chaine  of  Esurgny,  and  then  passed 
VIII  257  R 


A.D. 

1536. 


The  Isle  of 
Orleans. 

Isle  de 

Coudres. 


A  knife  of 
7-ed  copper 
brought  from 
Saguenay. 


The  Isle  of 
Hares. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

to  the  other  side  of  the  river  againe,  where  stood  all  the 
people  of  Stadacona,  who  taking  all  leave  of  their  Lord, 
went  home  againe.  On  Saturday  following,  being  the 
sixt  of  the  moneth,  we  departed  out  of  the  sayd  Port  of 
Santa  Croix,  and  came  to  harborough  a  little  beneath  the 
Island  of  Orleans,  about  twelve  leagues  from  the  Port  of 
the  Holy  Crosse,  and  upon  Sonday  we  came  to  the 
Island  of  Filberds,  where  wee  stayed  untill  the  sixteenth 
of  that  moneth,  till  the  fiercenesse  of  the  waters  were  past, 
which  at  that  time  ranne  too  swift  a  course,  and  were  too 
dangerous  to  come  downe  along  the  river,  and  therefore 
we  stayed  till  faire  weather  came.  In  the  meane  while 
many  of  Donnaconas  subjects  came  from  the  river  of 
Saguenay  to  him,  but  being  by  Domagaia  advertised,  that 
their  Lord  was  taken  to  bee  caryed  into  France,  they  were 
all  amazed :  yet  for  all  that  they  would  not  leave  to  come 
to  our  ships,  to  speake  to  Donnacona,  who  told  them  that 
after  twelve  moneths  he  should  come  againe,  and  that 
he  was  very  well  used  by  the  Captaine,  Gentlemen, 
and  Mariners.  Which  when  they  heard,  they  greatly 
thanked  our  Captaine  and  gave  their  Lord  three 
bundles  of  Beavers,  and  sea  Woolves  skinnes,  with  a 
great  knife  of  red  copper  that  commeth  from  Saguenay, 
and  other  things.  They  gave  also  to  our  Captaine  a 
chayne  of  Esurgny,  for  which  our  Captaine  gave 
them  ten  or  twelve  Hatchets,  and  they  gave  him  hearty 
thankes,  and  were  very  well  contented.  The  next  day, 
being  the  sixteenth  of  May,  we  hoysed  sayle,  and  came 
from  the  said  Island  of  Filberds,  to  another  about  fifteene 
leagues  from  it,  which  is  about  five  leagues  in  length,  and 
there,  to  the  end  we  might  take  some  rest  the  night 
following,  we  stayed  that  day,  in  hope  the  next  day 
we  might  passe  and  avoide  the  dangers  of  the  river 
of  Saguenay,  which  are  great.  That  evening  we  went 
aland  and  found  great  store  of  Hares,  of  which  we  tooke 
a  great  many,  and  therefore  we  called  it  The  Island  of 
Hares :  in  the  night  there  arose  a  contrary  winde,  with 
such  stormes  and  tempest,  that  wee  were  constrained  to 

258 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1536. 
returne  to  the  Island  of  Filberds  againe,  from  whence  wee 
were  come,  because  there  was  none  other  passage  among 
the  sayde  Islandes,  and  there  we  stayed  till  the  one  and 
twentieth  of  that  moneth,  till  faire  weather  and  good 
winde  came  againe :  and  then  wee  sayled  againe,  and  that 
so  prosperously,  that  we  passed  to  Honguedo,  which 
passage  untill  that  time  had  not  bene  discovered :  wee 
caused  our  ships  to  course  athwart  Cape  Prat  which  is 
the  beginning  of  the  Port  of  Chaleur:  and  because  the 
winde  was  good  and  convenient,  we  sayled  all  day  and 
all  night  without  staying,  and  the  next  day  we  came  to 
the  middle  of  Brions  Island,  which  we  were  not  minded  ^'^f  ^^^^  °f 
to  doe,  to  the  end  wee  might  shorten  our  way.  These  ^^^°^- 
two  lands  lie  Northwest,  and  Southeast,  and  are  about 
fiftie  leagues  one  from  another.  The  sayd  Island  is  in 
latitude  47  degrees  and  a  halfe.  Upon  Thursday  being 
the  twenty  sixe  of  the  moneth,  and  the  feast  of  the 
Ascension  of  our  Lord,  we  coasted  over  to  a  land  and 
shallow  of  lowe  sandes,  which  are  about  eight  leagues 
Southwest  from  Brions  Island,  above  which  are  large 
Champaines,  full  of  trees  and  also  an  enclosed  sea, 
whereas  we  could  neither  see,  nor  perceive  any  gappe 
or  way  to  enter  thereinto.  On  Friday  following,  being 
the  27  of  the  moneth,  because  the  wind  did  change  on 
the  coast,  we  came  to  Brions  Island  againe,  where  wee 
stayed  till  the  beginning  of  June,  and  toward  the  South- 
east of  this  Island,  wee  sawe  a  lande,  seeming  unto  us  as 
an  Island,  we  coasted  it  about  two  leagues  and  a  halfe,  and 
by  the  way  we  had  notice  of  three  other  high  Islands,  lying  [III.  231.] 
toward  the  Sands :  after  wee  had  knowen  these  things 
we  returned  to  the  Cape  of  the  sayd  land,  which  doeth 
devide  it  selfe  into  two  or  three  very  high  Capes :  the 
waters  there  are  very  deepe,  and  the  flood  of  the  sea 
runneth  so  swift,  that  it  cannot  possibly  be  swifter.  That 
day  we  came  to  Cape  Loreine,  which  is  in  forty  seven 
degrees  and  a  halfe  toward  the  South :  on  which  cape 
there  is  a  low  land,  and  it  seemeth  that  there  is  some 
entrance  of  a  river,  but  there  is  no  haven  of  any  worth. 

259 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1536. 

Above  these  lands  we  saw  another  cape  toward  the  South, 
we  named  it  Saint  Paules  Cape,  it  is  at  47  degrees  and 
a  quarter. 

The  Sonday  following,  being  the  fourth  of  June,  and 
Whitsonday,  wee  had  notice  of  the  coaste  lying  East- 
southeast,  distant  from  the  Newfoundland  about  two  and 
twenty  leagues :  and  because  the  wind  was  against  us, 
wee  went  to  a  Haven,  which  wee  named  S,  Spiritus  Porte, 
where  we  stayed  till  Tewesday  that  we  departed  thence, 
sayling  along  that  coast  untill  wee  came  to  Saint  Peters 
Islands.  Wee  found  along  the  sayd  coast  many  very 
dangerous  Islands  and  shelves,  which  lye  all  in  the  way 
Eastsoutheast  and  Westnorthwest,  about  three  and  twenty 
leagues  into  the  sea.  Whilest  we  were  in  the  sayd  Saint 
Peters  Islands  we  met  with  many  ships  of  France  and  of 
Britaine,  wee  stayed  there  from  Saint  Barnabas  day,  being 
the  eleventh  of  the  moneth,  until  the  sixteenth  that  we 
departed  thence  &  came  to  Cape  Rase,  and  entred  into 
a  Port  called  Rognoso,  where  wee  tooke  in  fresh  water, 
and  wood  to  passe  the  sea :  there  wee  left  one  of  our 
boates.  Then  upon  Monday,  being  the  nineteenth  of 
June,  we  went  from  that  Port,  and  with  such  good  and 
prosperous  weather  we  sailed  along  the  sea,  in  such  sorte, 
that  upon  the  sixt  of  July  1536  we  came  to  the  Porte  of 
S.  Malo,  by  the  grace  of  God,  to  whom  we  pray,  here 
ending  our  Navigation,  that  of  his  infinite  mercy  he  will 
grant  us  his  grace  and  favour,  and  in  the  end  bring  us 
to  the  place  of  everlasting  felicitie.     Amen. 

Here  followeth  the  language  of  the  countrey, 
and  kingdomes  of  Hochelaga  and  Canada,  of 
us  called  New  France:  But  first  the  names, 
of  their  numbers. 

Secada 

Tigneni 

Hasche 

Hannaion 

Oviscon 

260 


I 

Indahir 

6 

2 

Aiaga 

7 

3 

Addigue 

8 

4 

Madellon 

9 

5 

Assem 

10 

JACQUES   CARTIER 


A.D. 
1536. 


Here  follow  the 
and  other 

the  Head 

the  Browe 

the  Eyes 

the  Eares 

the  Mouth 

the  Teeth 

the  Tongue   osnache 

the  Throat     agonhon 

the  Beard 

the  Face 

the  Haires 

the  Armes 


names  of  the  chiefest 
words  necessary  to  be 

God 


aggonzi 

hegueniascon 

higata 

abontascon 

esahe 

esgongay 


hebelim 
hegouascon 
aganiscon 
ajayascon 
the  Flanckes  aissonne 
theStomacke  aggruascon 
eschehenda 
hetnegradas- 


the  Bellie 
the  Thighes 


the  Knees 

the  Legges 

the  Feete 
the  Hands 
the  Fingers 
the  Nailes 
a  Mans 
member 
a  Womans ) 
member 
an  Eele 
a  Snaile 
a  Tortois 
Woods 
leaves  of 
Trees 


con 

agochine- 

godascon 

j  agouguene- 

\  honde 

onchidascon 

aignoascon 

agenoga 

agedascon 

ainoascon 

castaigne 

esgueny 
undeguezi 
heuleuxima 
conda 


I  hoga 


give  me 
somedrink 
give  me  to 
breakfast 
give  me  my ) 
supper        j 
let  us  goe 
to  bed 
a  Man 
a  woman 
a  Boy 
a  Wench 
a  Child 
a  Gowne 
a  Dublet 
Hosen 
Shooes 
a  Shirt 
a  Cappe 
Corne 
Bread 
Water 
Flesh 
Reisins 
Damsons 
Figges 
Grapes 
Nuttes 
a  Hen 
a  Lamprey 
a  Salmon 
a  Whale 
a  Goose 
a  Streete 
261 


partes  of  man, 
knowen. 

cudragny 

quazahoaquea 

Jquaso  hoa 
\  quascaboa 
J  quaza  hoa 
[  quatfriam 
Jcasigno  ag- 
(  nydahoa 
aguehum 
agruaste 
addegesta 
agniaquesta 
exiasta 
cabata 
caioza 
hemondoha 
atha 
amgoua 
castrua 
osizi 

carraconny 
ame 

quahouascon 
queion 
honnesta 
absconda 
ozoba 
quahoya 
sahomgahoa 
zisto 
ondacon 
ainne  honne 
sadeguenda 
adde 


[III.  232.3 


A.D. 
1536. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Cucumber 
seede 
to  Morrowe 
the  Heaven 
the  Earth 
the  Sunne 
the  Moone 
the  Starres 
the  Winde 
good  morrow 
let  us  go  to  ) 
play  j 

come  & 
speak  with 
me 

looke  up- 
on me 
hold  your 
peace 
let  us  go 
with     ye 
boat 

give  me  a 
knife 
a  Hatchet 
a  Bow 


casconda 

achide 

quenhia 

damga 

ysmay 

assomaha 

stagnehoham 

cohoha 

aignag 

casigno 

caudy 

r  assigniquad- 
(  dadia 

quagathoma 

aista 

J  casigno  cas- 
( novy 

J  buazahca  ag- 
[  oheda 
adogne 
ahenca 


a  Darte 
let  us  goe 
a  hunting 
a  Stagge 
a  Sheepe 
a  Hare 
a  Dogge 
a  Towne 
the  Sea 
the  waves  1 
of  the  sea  J 
an  Island 
an  Hill 
the  yce 
Snow 
Colde 
Hotte 
Fier 
Smoke 
a  House 
Beanes 
Cinnamom 
my  Father 
my  Mother 
my  Brother 
my  Sister 


quahetan 
J  Casigno 
(  donnascat 

aionnesta 

asquenondo 

Sourhanda 

agaya 

Canada 

agogasy 

coda 

cohena 

agacha 

honnesca 

camsa 

athau 

odazani 

azista 

quea 

canoca 

sahe 

adhotathny 

addathy 

adanahoe 

addagrim 

adhoasseve 


They  of  Canada  say,  that  it  is  a  moneths  sayling  to 
goe  to  a  lande  where  Cinnamom  and  Cloves  are 
gathered. 

Here  endeth  the  Relation  of  James  Cartiers  discovery 
and  Navigation  to  the  Newfoundlands,  by  him  named 
New  France. 


262 


JACQUES   C ARTIER 


A.D. 

1540. 


The  third  voyage  of  discovery  made  by  Captaine 
Jaques  Cartier,  1540.  unto  the  Countreys  of 
Canada,  Hochelaga,  and  Saguenay. 

Ing  Francis  the  first  having  heard  the 
report  of  Captaine  Cartier  his  Pilot 
generall  in  his  two  former  Voyages  of 
discovery,  as  well  by  writing  as  by  word 
of  mouth,  touching  that  which  hee  had 
found  and  scene  in  the  Westerne 
partes   discovered    by   him    in    the   parts 


of  Canada  and  Hochelaga,  and  having  also  scene  and 
talked  with  the  people,  which  the  sayd  Cartier  had  brought 
out  of  those  Countreys,  whereof  one  was  king  of  Canada, 
whose  name  was  Donnacona,  and  others :  which  after  that 
they  had  bene  a  long  time  in  France  and  Britaine,  were 
baptized  at  their  owne  desire  and  request,  and  died  in  the 
sayd  countrey  of  Britaine.  And  albeit  his  Majestic  was 
advertized  by  the  sayd  Cartier  of  the  death  and  decease  of 
all  the  people  which  were  brought  over  by  him  (which 
were  tenne  in  number)  saving  one  little  girle  about  tenne 
yeeres  old,  yet  he  resolved  to  send  the  sayd  Cartier  his 
Pilot  thither  againe,  with  John  Francis  de  la  Roche, 
Knight,  Lord  of  Roberval,  whome  hee  appointed  his 
Lieutenant  and  Governour  in  the  Countreys  of  Canada 
and  Hochelaga,  and  the  sayd  Cartier  Captaine  generall 
and  leader  of  the  shippes,  that  they  might  discover  more 
then  was  done  before  in  the  former  voyages,  and  attaine 
(if  it  were  possible)  unto  the  knowledge  of  the  Countrey 
of  Saguenay,  whereof  the  people  brought  by  Cartier,  as 
is  declared,  made  mention  unto  the  King,  that  there 
were  great  riches,  and  very  good  countreys.  And  the 
King  caused  a  certaine  summe  of  money  to  be  delivered 
to  furnish  out  the  sayd  voyage  with  five  shippes :  which 
thing  was  perfourmed  by  the  sayd  Monsieur  Roberval  and 
Cartier.  After  that  they  had  agreed  together  to  rigge  the 
sayd  five  ships  at  Saint  Malo  in  Britaine,  where  the  two 

263 


Ten  Savages 
bfought  into 
France. 
John  Ffands 
de  la  Roche, 
lord  of 
Roberval. 


Great  riches 
^  very  good 
soile  in 
Saguenay, 
which  is 
beyond  ye 
saults. 


A.D. 
1540. 

[HI.  233.] 


The  kings  let- 
ters to  Car- 
tier. 


23.  of  May, 
1540. 

The  great 
mischiefe  of 
leesing  the 
season. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

former  voyages  had  beene  prepared  and  set  forth.  And 
the  said  Monsieur  Roberval  sent  Cartier  thither  for  the 
same  purpose.  And  after  that  Cartier  had  caused  the 
said  five  ships  to  bee  built  and  furnished  and  set  in 
good  order,  Monsieur  Roberval  came  downe  to  S.  Malo 
and  found  the  ships  fallen  downe  to  the  roade,  with  their 
yards  acrosse  full  ready  to  depart  and  set  saile,  staying 
for  nothing  else  but  the  comming  of  the  Generall,  and 
the  payment  of  the  furniture.  And  because  Monsieur 
Roberval  the  kings  lieutenant  had  not  as  yet  his  artillery, 
powder  and  munitions,  and  other  things  necessary  come 
downe,  which  he  had  provided  for  the  voyage,  in  the 
Countreys  of  Champaigne  and  Normandie  :  and  because 
the  said  things  were  very  necessary,  and  that  hee  was  loth 
to  depart  without  them,  he  determined  to  depart  from  S. 
Malo  to  Roan,  and  to  prepare  a  ship  or  two  at  Honfleur, 
whither  he  thought  his  things  were  come :  And  that  the 
said  Cartier  shoulde  depart  with  the  five  shippes  which 
he  had  furnished,  and  should  goe  before.  Considering 
also  that  the  said  Cartier  had  received  letters  from  the 
king,  whereby  hee  did  expresly  charge  him  to  depart  and 
set  sayle  immediatly  upon  the  sight  and  receit  thereof,  on 
payne  of  incurring  his  displeasure,  and  to  lay  all  the  fault 
on  him.  And  after  the  conclusion  of  these  things,  and 
the  said  Monsieur  Roberval  had  taken  muster  and  view 
of  the  gentlemen,  souldiers,  and  mariners  which  were 
retained  and  chosen  for  the  performance  of  the  sayd 
voyage,  hee  gave  unto  Captaine  Cartier  full  authoritie  to 
depart  and  goe  before,  and  to  governe  all  things  as  if  he 
had  bene  there  in  person :  and  himselfe  departed  to 
Honfleur  to  make  his  farther  preparation.  After  these 
things  thus  dispatched,  the  winde  comming  faire,  the 
foresayd  five  ships  set  sayle  together  well  furnished  and 
victualled  for  two  yeere,  the  23.  of  May,  1540.  And  we 
sailed  so  long  with  contrary  winds  and  continuall  torments, 
which  fell  out  by  reason  of  our  late  departure,  that  wee 
were  on  the  sea  with  our  sayd  five  ships  full  three 
moneths  before  wee  could  arrive  at  the  Port  and  Haven 

264 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1540- 

of  Canada,  without  ever  having  in  all  that  time  30  houres 

of  good  wind  to  serve  us  to  keepe  our  right  course :   so 

that  our  five  shippes  through  those  stormes  lost  company 

one  of  another,  all  save  two  that    kept  together,  to  wit 

that  wherein  the  Captaine  was,  and  the  other  wherein  went 

the  Vicount  of  Beaupre,  untill  at  length  at  the  ende  of 

one  moneth  wee  met  all  together  at  the  Haven  of  Carpont  Carpont 

in  Newfoundland.       But    the   length  of  time  which  we  "^'^'"^^' 

were   in   passing  betweene    Britayne  and   Newfoundland 

was    the   cause   that   we  stood   in    great    need   of  water, 

because   of  the  cattell,  aswell  Goates,  Hogges,  as  other  Transporting 

beastes  which  we  caried  for  breede  in  the  Countrey,  which  ^  ^'"^^l  ^^^^ 

,  •  1     o  •  J  •^11         of  cattell  for 

wee  were    constramed    to    water    with  bider    and    other  ^^.^^^^ 

drinke.  Now  therefore  because  we  were  the  space  of 
three  moneths  in  sayling  on  the  sea,  and  staying  in  New- 
foundland, wayting  for  Monsieur  Roberval,  and  taking 
in  of  fresh  water  and  other  things  necessary,  wee  arrived 
not  before  the  Haven  of  Saincte  Croix  in  Canada,  (where 
in  the  former  voyage  we  had  remayned  eight  moneths) 
untill  the  23.  day  of  August.  In  which  place  the  people  The  23.  of 
of  the  Countrey  came  to  our  shippes,  making  shew  of  joy  -^"SM^^- 
for  our  arrivall,  and  namely  he  came  thither  which  had 
the  rule  and  government  of  the  Countrey  of  Canada, 
named  Agona,  which  was  appointed  king  there  by  Dona-  The  new  king 
cona,  when  in  the  former  voyage  we  carried  him  into  y^^"^^^- 
France :  And  hee  came  to  the  Captaines  ship  with  6.  or 
7.  boates,  and  with  many  women  and  children.  And  after 
the  sayd  Agona  had  inquired  of  the  Captaine  where  Dona- 
cona  and  the  rest  were,  the  Captaine  answered  him.  That 
Donacona  was  dead  in  France,  and  that  his  body  rested  in 
the  earth,  and  that  the  rest  stayed  there  as  great  Lords, 
and  were  maried,  and  would  not  returne  backe  into  their 
Countrey :  the  said  Agona  made  no  shewe  of  anger  at  all 
these  speeches :  and  I  thinke  he  tooke  it  so  well  because 
he  remained  Lord  and  Governour  of  the  countrey  by  the 
death  of  the  said  Donacona.  After  which  conference  the 
said  Agona  tooke  a  piece  of  tanned  leather  of  a  yellow 
skin  edged  about  with  Esnoguy  (which  is  their  riches  and 

265 


A.D. 

1540. 


Great  dis- 
simulation of 
a  Savage. 


A  good  roade 
4.  leagues 
above  Saincte 
Croix. 


[III.  234.] 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

the  thing  which  they  esteeme  most  precious,  as  wee  esteeme 
gold)  which  was  upon  his  head  in  stead  of  a  crowne,  and 
he  put  the  same  on  the  head  of  our  Captaine,  and  tooke 
from  his  wrists  two  bracelets  of  Esnoguy,  and  put  them 
upon  the  Captaines  armes,  colling  him  about  the  necke 
and  shewing  unto  him  great  signes  of  joy:  which  was 
all  dissimulation,  as  afterward  it  wel  appeared.  The  cap- 
taine tooke  his  said  crowne  of  leather  and  put  it  againe 
upon  his  head,  and  gave  him  and  his  wives  certaine  smal 
presents,  signifying  unto  him,  that  he  had  brought  certaine 
new  things,  which  afterward  he  would  bestow  upon  him : 
for  which  the  sayd  Agona  thanked  the  Captaine.  And 
after  that  he  had  made  him  and  his  company  eat  and 
drinke,  they  departed  and  returned  to  the  shore  with  their 
boates.  After  which  things  the  sayd  Captaine  went  with 
two  of  his  boates  up  the  river,  beyond  Canada  and  the 
Port  of  Saincte  Croix,  to  view  a  Haven  and  a  small  river, 
which  is  about  4.  leagues  higher :  which  he  found  better 
and  more  commodious  to  ride  in  and  lay  his  ships,  then 
the  former.  And  therefore  he  returned  and  caused  all 
his  ships  to  be  brought  before  the  sayd  river,  and  at  a 
lowe  water  he  caused  his  Ordinance  to  bee  planted  to  place 
his  ships  in  more  safetie,  which  he  meant  to  keepe  and 
stay  in  the  Countrey,  which  were  three :  which  hee  did 
the  day  following,  and  the  rest  remayned  in  the  roade  in 
the  middest  of  the  river  (In  which  place  the  victuals  and 
other  furniture  were  discharged,  which  they  had  brought) 
from  the  26.  of  August  untill  the  second  of  September, 
what  time  they  departed  to  returne  for  S.  Malo,  in  which 
ships  he  sent  backe  Mace  JoUoberte  his  brother  in  lawe, 
and  Steven  Noel  his  Nephew,  skilfull  and  excellent  pilots, 
with  letters  unto  the  king,  and  to  advertise  him  what  had 
bene  done  and  found :  and  how  Monsieur  de  Roberval 
was  not  yet  come,  and  that  hee  feared  that  by  occasion 
of  contrary  winds  and  tempests  he  was  driven  backe 
againe  into  France. 


266 


JACQUES    CARTIER  ad. 

1540. 

The  description  of  the  aforesaid  River  and 
Haven. 

THe  sayd  River  is  small,  not  past  50.  pases  broad,  and 
shippes  drawing  three  fathoms  water  may  enter  in  at 
a   full   sea:  and  at  a  low  water  there   is  nothing  but  a 
chanell  of  a  foote  deepe  or  thereabout.     On  both  sides  of 
the  said  River  there  are  very  good  and  faire  grounds,  full 
of  as  faire  and  mightie  trees  as  any  be  in  the  world,  and 
divers  sorts,  which  are  above  tenne  fathoms  higher  then  Trees  above  1,. 
the  rest,  and  there  is  one  kind  of  tree  above  three  fathoms  f^^^°^'  '^^°'^^' 
about,  which  they  in  the  Countrey  call  Hanneda,  which  Hanneda  the 
hath  the  most  excellent  vertue  of  all  the  trees  of  the  world,  f '^  e^<:ellent 

tVBB  Of  lilC 

whereof  I  will  make  mention  hereafter.     Moreover  there  ^orld. 

are  great  store  of  Okes  the  most  excellent  that  ever  I  saw 

in  my  life,   which   were   so   laden  with   Mast  that  they 

cracked  againe  :  besides  this  there  are  fairer  Arables,  Cedars, 

Beeches,  and  other  trees,  then  grow  in  France :  and  hard 

unto  this  wood  on  the  South  side  the  ground  is  all  covered 

with  Vines,  which  we  found  laden  with  grapes  as  blacke  Abundance  of 

as  Mulberies,  but  they  be  not  so  kind  as  those  of  France  ^^^^^M "/ 

because  the  Vines  bee  not  tilled,  and  because  they  grow 

of  their  owne  accord.     Moreover  there  are  many  white 

Thornes,  which  beare  leaves  as  bigge  as  oken  leaves,  and 

fruit  like  unto  Medlers.     To  bee  short,  it  is  as  good  a  Frmtbke 

Countrey  to  plow  and  mannure  as  a  man  should  find  or 

desire.      We    sowed    seedes    here    of  our    Countrey,  as 

Cabages,   Naveaus,  Lettises  and  others,  which  grew  and 

sprong  up  out  of  the  ground  in  eight  dayes.     The  mouth  ^^^d  sprang 

of  the  river  is  toward  the  South,  and  it  windeth  North-  !.^.^^^^  within 

ward  like  unto  a  snake :  and  at  the  mouth  of  it  toward  g  da^es. 

the  East  there  is  a  high  and  steepe  cliffe,  where  we  made 

a  way  in  maner  of  a  payre  of  staires,  and  aloft  we  made  a 

Fort  to  keepe  the  nether  Fort  and  the  ships,  and  all  things 

that  might  passe  aswell  by  the  great  as  by  this  small  river. 

Moreover  a  man  may  behold  a  great  extension  of  ground  Agreatplame 

apt  for  tillage,  straite  and  handsome  and  somewhat  enclin-  ^  ^fPJ!"  j 
.  ^  J  0,  '  ,  .  ,       ,  ,  .„  arable  ground. 

mg  toward  the  South,  as  easie  to  be  brought  to  tillage  as 

267 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1540. 

I  would  desire,  and  very  well  replenished  with  faire  Okes 
and  other  trees  of  great  beauty,  no  thicker  then  the 
Forrests  of  France.  Here  wee  set  twenty  men  to  worke, 
which  in  one  day  had  laboured  about  an  acre  and  an  halfe 
of  the  said  ground,  and  sowed  it  part  with  Naveaus  or 
small  Turneps,  which  at  the  ende  of  eight  dayes,  as  I  said 
before,  sprang  out  of  the  earth.  And  upon  that  high 
cliffe  wee  found  a  faire  fountaine  very  neere  the  sayd 
Fort :    adjoyning    whereunto    we    found    good    store    of 

Diamants  of    stones,  which  we    esteemed    to   be   Diamants.      On   the 

Canada.  other  side  of  the  said  mountaine  and  at  the  foote  thereof, 

which  is   towards  the  great  River  is  all  along  a  goodly 

Jn  yron  Myne  of  the  best  yron  in  the  world,  and  it  reacheth  even 

^"^'  hard  unto  our  Fort,  and  the  sand  which  we  tread  on  is 

perfect  refined   Myne,  ready  to  be  put  into  the  fornace. 

Leaves  of  fine  And  on  the  waters  side  we  found  certaine  leaves  of  fine 

f'    ^L    ^^  ^    sold  as  thicke  as  a  mans  nayle.     And  Westward  of  the 

as  a  mans  •  j  t->  •  111  r  • 

naile  found  in  said  River  there  are,  as  hath  bene  sayd,  many  faire  trees : 

Canada.         and  toward  the  water  a  goodly  Medow  full  of  as  faire  and 

goodly  grasse  as  ever  I  sawe  in  any  Medowe  in  France : 

and  betweene  the  sayd  Medow  and  the  Wood  are  great 

store   of  Vines :    and   beyond    the    said    Vines   the    land 

Excellent  and  groweth  full  of  Hempe  which  groweth  of  it  selfe,  which 

strong  empe.    -^  ^^  good  as  possibly  may  be  seene,  and  as  strong.     And 

at  the  ende  of  the  sayd  Medow  within  an  hundred  pases 

there  is  a  rising  ground,  which  is  of  a  kind  of  slate  stone 

blacke  and  thicke,  wherein  are  veines  of  mynerall  matter, 

which  shewe  like  gold  and  silver :  and  throughout  all  that 

stone  there  are  great  graines  of  the  sayd  Myne.     And  in 

some  places  we  have  found  stones  like  Diamants,  the  most 

faire,  pollished  and  excellently  cut  that  it  is  possible  for  a 

man  to  see,  when  the  Sun  shineth  upon  them,  they  glister 

as  it  were  sparkles  of  fire. 


268 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1540. 

How  after  the  departure  of  the  two  shippes  which 
were  sent  backe  into  Britaine,  and  that  the  Fort 
was  begun  to  be  builded,  the  Captaine  prepared 
two  boates  to  goe  up  the  great  River  to  discover 
the  passage  of  the  three  Saults  or  falles  of  the 
River. 

THE  sayd   Captaine  having  dispatched  two   ships  to 
returne   to    carry   newes,    according   as    hee  had    in 
charge    from    the   king,    and   that    the    Fort    was   begun 
to    be    buildedj  for    preservation    of  their   victuals   and 
other    things,   determined  with  the  Vicount  of  Beaupre,  [III.  235.] 
and     other     Gentlemen,     Masters,     and     Pilots    chosen  ^'^^  Vkomt 
for    counsayle,    to     make    a    voyage     with    two    boates  andThe'rest of 
furnished    with    men    and   victuals    to   goe    as    farre    as  their  comcell. 
Hochelaga,    of    purpose    to   view    and    understand    the 
fashion  of  the  Saults  of  water,  which  are  to  be    passed  The  rich 
to  goe  to  Saguenay,  that  hee  might  be  the  readier  in  the  comtrey  of 
spring  to  passe  farther,  and  in  the  Winter  time  to  make    ^f'^TTb 
all   things  needefuU  in   a   readinesse  for   their  businesse.  yond  the 
The  foresaid  boates  being  made  ready,  the  Captaine  and  Saults  which 
Martine   de    Painpont,    with    other    Gentlemen   and  the  ^^'^  ^^  44- 
remnant  of  the  Mariners  departed  from   the  sayd  place    ff*   ,  ^  ^^ 

uCvClTt  TV07TI 

of  Charlesburg  Royal  the  seventh  day  of  September  in  charlesburg 
the  yeere  aforesayd  1 540.     And  the  Vicount  of  Beaupre  Ro-^d  the  7. 
stayed   behind  for  the  garding  and   governement   of  all  ofSeptem. 
things  in  the  Fort.     And  as  they  went  up  the  river,  the 
Captaine  went  to  see  the  Lord  of  Hochelay,  which  dwelleth 
betweene  Canada  and   Hochelaga :  which  in  the  former 
voyage  had  given  unto  the  said  Captaine  a  little  girle,  and 
had   oftentimes   enformed    him    of   the    treasons    which 
Taignoagny  and   Domagaya  (whom  the   Captaine  in  his 
former  voyage  had  caried  into  France)  would  have  wrought 
against  him.      In  regard  of  which  his  curtesie  the  said 
Captaine  would  not  passe  by  without  visiting  of  him,  and 
to  let  him  understand  that  the  Captaine  thought  himselfe 
beholding  unto  him,  hee  gave  unto  him  two  yong  boyes, 

269 


A.D. 
1540. 

They  delight 
in  red  cloth. 


The  \\  of 
September. 

The  Towne 
ofTutonaguy. 


Bad  ground 
and  a  great 
current. 


A  Towne  of 

friendly 

people. 


Another  vil- 
lage of  good 
people  which 
dwell  over 
against  the 
second  Sault. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

and  left  them  with  him  to  learne  their  language,  and 
bestowed  upon  him  a  cloake  of  Paris  red,  which  cloake 
was  set  with  yealow  and  white  buttons  of  Tinne,  and 
small  belles.  And  withall  hee  gave  him  two  Basins  of 
Laton,  and  certaine  hachets  and  knives :  whereat  the 
sayde  Lord  seemed  highly  to  rejoyce,  and  thanked  the 
Captaine.  This  done,  the  Captaine  and  his  company  de- 
parted from  that  place  :  And  wee  sailed  with  so  prosperous 
a  wind,  that  we  arrived  the  eleventh  day  of  the  moneth 
at  the  first  Sault  of  water,  which  is  two  leagues  dis- 
tant from  the  Towne  of  Tutonaguy.  And  after  wee 
were  arrived  there,  wee  determined  to  goe  and  passe  as 
farre  up  as  it  was  possible  with  one  of  the  boates,  and 
that  the  other  should  stay  there  till  it  returned :  and 
wee  double  manned  her  to  rowe  up  against  the  course  or 
streame  of  the  sayde  Sault.  And  after  wee  had  passed 
some  part  of  the  way  from  our  other  boate,  wee  found 
badde  ground  and  great  rockes,  and  so  great  a  current, 
that  wee  could  not  possibly  passe  any  further  with  our 
Boate.  And  the  Captaine  resolved  to  goe  by  land  to  see 
the  nature  and  fashion  of  the  Sault.  And  after  that  we 
were  come  on  shore,  wee  founde  hard  by  the  water  side 
a  way  and  beaten  path  going  toward  the  sayde  Saultes,  by 
which  wee  tooke  our  way.  And  on  the  sayd  way,  and 
soone  after  we  found  an  habitation  of  people  which  made 
us  great  cheere,  and  entertained  us  very  friendly.  And 
after  that  he  had  signified  unto  them,  that  wee  were 
going  toward  the  Saults,  and  that  wee  desired  to  goe  to 
Saguenay,  foure  yong  men  went  along  with  us  to  shewe 
us  the  way,  and  they  brought  us  so  farre  that  wee  came 
to  another  village  or  habitation  of  good  people,  which 
dwell  over  against  the  second  Sault,  which  came  and 
brought  us  of  their  victuals,  as  Pottage  and  Fish,  and 
offered  us  of  the  same.  After  that  the  Captaine  had 
enquired  of  them  as  well  by  signes  as  wordes,  how  many 
more  Saults  wee  had  to  passe  to  goe  to  Saguenay,  and 
what  distance  and  way  it  was  thither,  this  people  shewed 
us   and    gave   us   to    understand,   that   wee   were    at   the 

270 


JACQUES   CARTIER  a.d. 

1540. 
second  Sault,  and  that  there  was  but  one  more  to  passe,  T^hey  were  at 
that  the  River   was   not  navigable  to  goe  to  Saguenay,  ^l^J^l^^^ 
and  that  the  sayd  Sault  was  but  a  third  part  farther  then  j-^^  \i^^j.  ^^^ 
we  had  travailed,  shewing  us  the  same  with  certaine  little  navigable  to 
stickes,  which  they  layd  upon  the  ground  in  a  certaine  passe  to  ^ague- 
distance,   and   afterward  layde  other   small   branches   be-  ^^'^' 
tweene  both,  representing  the  Saults.     And  by  the  sayde 
marke,  if  their  saying  be  true,  it  can  be  but  sixe  leagues 
by  land  to  passe  the  sayd  Saults. 

Here  after  followeth  the  figure  of  the  three 

Saults. 

AFter  that  we  had  bene  advertised  by  the  sayde  people, 
of  the  things  abovementioned,  both  because  the  day 
was  farre  spent,  and  we  had  neither  drunke  nor  eaten  the 
same  day,  we  concluded  to  returne  unto  our  boats,  and 
we  came  thither,  where  we  found  great  store  of  people 
to    the    number   of  400.    persons   or   thereabout,   which  \oo  persons 
seemed  to  give  us  very  good  entertainment  and  to  re- 
joyce  of  our  comming :  And  therefore  our  Captaine  gave 
eche  of  them  certaine  small  trifles,  as  combs,  brooches  of 
tynne  and   copper,  and   other  smal  toyes,  and  unto  the 
chiefe    men    every    one    his     litle     hatchet    &    hooke,  ^^"^^  '"^"•^f  °f 
whereat  they  made  certaine  cries  and  ceremonies  of  joy.  ^^'^       ^°^' 
But  a  man  must  not  trust  them  for  all  their  faire  cere- 
monies and  signes  of  joy,  for  if  they  had  thought  they 
had  bene  too  strong  for  us,  then  would  they  have  done 
their  best  to  have  killed  us,  as  we  understood  afterward.  ^■^^  Savages 
This  being  done,  we  returned  with  our  boats,  and  passed  ^^J^fi^^.^ 
by  the  dwelling  of  the  Lord  of  Hochelay,  with  whom  the 
Captaine   had  left   the  two  youths  as  hee   came  up  the 
river,  thinking  to  have  found  him :  But  hee  coulde  find 
no  body  save  one  of  his  sonnes,  who  tolde  the  Captaine 
that  hee  was  gone  to  Maisouna,  as  our  boyes  also  told  [1   ;  236.] 
us,  saying,  that  it  was  two  dayes  since  he  departed.     But  j-^^  lavages 
in  truth  hee  was  gone  to  Canada  to  conclude  with  Agona,  conspire  to- 
what  they  should   doe  against  us.     And  when  we  were  gether  against 
arrived  at  our  Fort,  wee  understoode  by  our  people,  that  ^^^  French. 

271 


about  their 
boates. 


A.D. 

1540. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


the  Savages  of  the  Countrey  came  not  any  more  about 

our  Fort  as  they  were  accustomed,  to  bring  us  fish,  and 

that  they  were   in   a  wonderful   doubt   and   feare  of  us. 

Wherefore  our  Captaine,  having  bene  advertised  by  some 

of  our  men  which  had  bene  at  Stadacona  to  visite  them, 

A  very  great    that  there  were  a  wonderful!  number  of  the   Countrey 

number  of       people  assembled  together,  caused  all  things  in  our  for- 

bkd^togetheT.    tresse  to  bee  set  in  good  order:  &c. 

The  rest  is  wanting. 

A  letter  v^ritten  to  M.  John  Growte  student  in 
Paris,  by  Jaques  Noel  of  S.  Malo,  the  nephew 
of  Jaques  Cartier,  touching  the  foresaid  dis- 
covery. 


Aster  Growte,  your  brother  in  law  Giles 
Walter  shewed  me  this  morning  a  Mappe 
printed  at  Paris,  dedicated  to  one  M. 
Hakluyt  an  English  Gentleman  :  wherein 
all  the  West  Indies,  the  kingdome  of 
New  Mexico,  and  the  Countreys  of 
Canada,  Hochelaga  and  Saguenay  are 
contained.  I  hold  that  the  River  of  Canada  which 
is  described  in  that  Mappe  is  not  marked  as  it  is  in 
my  booke,  which  is  agreeable  to  the  booke  of  Jaques 
Cartier :  and  that  the  sayd  Chart  doth  not  marke  or 
set  downe  The  great  Lake,  which  is  above  the  Saults, 
according  as  the  Savages  have  advertised  us,  which  dwell 
at  the  sayd  Saults.  In  the  foresayd  Chart  which  you  sent 
me  hither,  the  Great  Lake  is  placed  too  much  toward  the 
North.  The  Saults  or  falles  of  the  River  stand  in  44. 
degrees  of  latitude :  it  is  not  so  hard  a  matter  to  passe 
them,  as  it  is  thought :  The  water  falleth  not  downe  from 
any  high  place,  it  is  nothing  else  but  that  in  the  middest 
of  the  River  there  is  bad  ground.  It  were  best  to  build 
But  c^.  leagues  boates  above  the  Saults:  and  it  is  easie  to  march  or 
''passPthe  X  travell  by  land  to  the  end  of  the  three  Saults :  it  is  not 
Saults.  above  five  leagues  journey.     I  have  bene  upon  the  toppe 

272 


The  Saults 
are  in  44. 
deg.  and  easie 
to  passe. 


LETTER  FROM  JACQUES  NOEL 


A.D. 
1587. 


of  a  mountaine,  which  is  at  the  foot  of  the  Saults,  where 

I   have  scene  the  sayd   River   beyond  the  sayd   Saultes, 

which  shewed  unto  us  to  be  broader  then  it  was  where 

we  passed  it.     The  people  of  the  Countrey  advertised  us, 

that  there  are  ten   dayes  journey  from   the  Saults  unto   ^^«  '^^'S^^ 

this  Great  Lake.     We  know  not  how  many  leagues  they  "^^^^^jJ^^^/T 

make  to  a  dayes  journey.     At  this  present  I  cannot  write  this  great 

unto  you  more  at  large,  because  the  messenger  can  stay  Lake. 

no  longer.     Here  therefore  for  the  present  I  will  ende, 

saluting   you    with  my    hearty    commendations,   praying 

God   to  give  you  your  hearts  desire.     For   S.   Malo  in 

haste  this   19  day  of  June.   1587. 

Your  loving  Friend, 

Jaques  Noel. 

COsin,  I  pray  you  doe  me  so  much  pleasure  as  to  send 
mee  a  booke  of  the  discovery  of  New  Mexico,  and 
one  of  those  new  Mappes  of  the  West  Indies  dedicated 
to  M.  Hakluyt  the  English  Gentleman,  which  you  sent 
to  your  brother  in  law  Giles  Walter.  I  will  not  faile  to 
informe  my  selfe,  if  there  be  any  meane  to  find  out  those 
descriptions  which  Captaine  Cartier  made  after  his  two  last 
voyages  into  Canada. 

Underneath  the  aforesaid  unperfite  relation  that 
which  foUoweth  is  written  in  another  letter 
sent  to  M.  John  Growte  student  in  Paris  from 
Jaques  Noel  of  S.  Malo,  the  grand  nephew  of 
Jaques  Cartier. 

Can  write  nothing  else  unto  you  of  any 

thing  that  I  can  recover  of  the  writings 

of  Captaine  Jaques  Cartier  my  uncle  dis- 

ceased,  although  I   have  made  search   in 

all   places   that  I   could   possibly   in   this 

Towne  :   saving  of  a  certaine  booke  made 

in    maner    of   a    sea    Chart,    which    was 

drawne  by  the  hand  of  my  said  uncle,  which  is  in  the 

possession  of  master  Cremeur :   which   booke  is  passing 

VIII  273  s 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

well  marked  and  drawne  for  all  the  River  of  Canada, 
whereof  I  am  well  assured,  because  I  my  self  have  know- 
ledge thereof  as  farre  as  to  the  Saults,  where  I  have  bene : 
The  Saults  are  Xhe  height  of  which  Saults  is  in  44.  degrees.  I  found  in 
in  the  latitude  ^^^  ^^^^  Q^?irt  beyond  the  place  where  the  River  is 
divided  in  twaine  in  the  midst  of  both  the  branches  of 
the  said  river  somewhat  neerest  that  arme  which  runneth 
toward  the  Northwest,  these  words  following  written  in 
the  hand  of  Jaques  Cartier. 

By  the  people  of  Canada  and  Hochelaga  it  was  said. 
That  here   is  the  land  of  Saguenay,  which  is  rich  and 
wealthy  in  precious  stones. 
[III.  237.]  And  about  an  hundred  leagues  under  the  same  1  found 

written  these  two  lines  following  in  the  said  Carde  enclin- 
ing  toward  the  Southwest.  Here  in  this  Countrey  are 
Cinamon  and  Cloves,  which  they  call  in  their  language 
Canodeta. 

Touching  the  effect  of  my  booke  whereof  I  spake  unto 
you,  it  is  made  after  the  maner  of  a  sea  Chart,  which  I 
have  delivered  to  my  two  sonnes  Michael  and  John, 
which  at  this  present  are  in  Canada.  If  at  their  returne, 
which  will  be  God  willing  about  Magdalene  tyde,  they 
have  learned  any  new  thing  worthy  the  writing,  I  will 
not  faile  to  advertise  you  thereof. 

Your  loving  Friend,  Jaques  Noel. 


274 


JOHN   ALPHONSE   OF   XANCTOIGNE 

Here  followeth  the  course  from  Belle  Isle,  Carpont, 
and  the  Grand  Bay  in  Newfoundland  up  the 
River  of  Canada  for  the  space  of  230.  leagues, 
observed    by  John    Alphonse    of    Xanctoigne 


A.D. 

1542. 


chiefe  Pilote  to  Monsieur  Roberval, 


1542. 


EUes  Isles  are  in  51  degrees  and  |-.  Belles  Belle  Isle, 
Isles  and  Carpont  are  Northnorthwest 
and  Southsoutheast,  and  they  are  ten 
leagues  distant.  Carpont  is  in  52  de- 
grees. Carpont  and  Bell  Isle  from  the 
Grand  Bay  are  Northeast  and  Southwest, 
and   the    distance    from   Bell  Isle  to  the 


Carpont  in 
52.  degrees. 


Grand  Bay  is  7  leagues.  The  midst  of  the  Grand  Bay  is 
in  52  degrees  and  a  halfe,  and  on  the  Northside  therof 
there  is  a  rocke :  halfe  a  league  from  the  Isle,  over  against 
Carpont  toward  the  East  there  is  a  small  flat  Island,  and 
on  the  side  toward  the  Northeast  there  is  a  flat  rocke. 
And  when  thou  commest  out  of  the  harborough  of  Car- 
pont thou  must  leave  this  rocke  on  the  starreboord  side, 
and  also  on  the  larboord  side  there  are  two  or  three  small 
Isles :  and  when  thou  commest  out  on  the  Northeast 
side,  ranging  along  the  shore  toward  the  West  about  two 
pikes  length  in  the  midway  there  is  a  shold  which  lieth  on 
thy  starboord  side :  and  saile  thou  by  the  North  coast, 
and  leave  two  partes  of  the  Grand  Bay  toward  the  South ; 
because  there  is  a  rocke  which  runneth  2  or  3  leagues 
into  the  sea.  And  when  thou  art  come  athwart  the  haven 
of  Butes,  run  along  the  North  shore  about  one  league  or 
an  halfe  off^,  for  the  coast  is  without  all  danger :  Bell  Isle 
in  the  mouth  of  the  Grand  Bay,  and  the  Isles  of  Blanc 
Sablon,  which  are  within  the  Grand  Bay,  neere  unto  the 
North  shore  lie  Northeast,  West  and  Southwest,  &  the 
distance  is  30  leagues.  The  Grand  Bay  at  the  entrance 
is  but  7  leagues  broad  from  land  to  land  untill  it  come 
over  against  the  Bay  des  Chasteaux :  and  from  thence 
forward   it  hath   not   past   5  leagues   in    breadth.      And 

275 


The  Grand 
Bay  in  52. 
and  an  halfe. 


A  jiatte  rocke. 


Butes. 

The  Isle  of 
Blanc  Sablon 
or  white  sand. 

The  severall 
breadths  of  the 
Grand  Bay. 


A.D. 
1542. 


Blanc  SabIo7t. 
in  51.  deg. 
2.  third  parts. 

The  Isles  de 
la  Damoiselle 
in  50.  deg.  3. 
fourth  pai'ts. 


Many  Isles  is 
good  harbors. 


Cape  Tienoi 
in  50  deg. 
one  fourth 
part. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

against  Blanc  Sablon  it  is  8  leagues  broad  from  land  to 
land.  And  the  land  on  the  South  shore  is  all  low  land 
along  the  sea  coast.  The  North  shore  is  reasonable  high 
land,  Blanc  Sablon  is  in  51-I  degrees.  The  Isles  of  Blanc 
Sablon  &  the  Isles  de  la  Damoiselle,  are  Northeast,  West- 
southwest,  and  take  a  little  of  the  Westsouthwest,  and 
they  are  distant  36  leagues:  these  lies  are  in  50.  deg.  ^. 
And  there  is  a  good  haven  :  &  you  may  enter  by  an  high 
Cape  which  lieth  along  toward  the  Northeast,  and  within 
the  distance  of  a  pike  &  an  half,  because  of  a  rocke  which 
lieth  on  your  larrebord  side,  &  you  may  ancre  in  10 
fathome  water  over  against  a  litle  nooke :  and  from  the 
great  headland  unto  the  place  where  thou  doest  ancre 
there  is  not  above  the  length  of  2  Cables.  And  if  thou 
wouldest  go  out  by  the  West  side,  thou  must  saile  neere 
the  Isle  by  the  starrebord,  &  give  roome  unto  the  Isle  on 
the  larbord  at  the  comming  forth :  and  when  thou  art  not 
past  a  cables  length  out  thou  must  saile  hard  by  the  Isles 
on  the  larbord  side,  by  reason  of  a  suncken  flatte  which 
lieth  on  the  starrebord,  and  thou  shalt  saile  so  on  to  the 
Southsouthwest,  untill  thou  come  in  sight  of  a  rocke 
which  shineth,  which  is  about  halfe  a  league  in  the  sea 
distant  from  the  Isles,  and  thou  shalt  leave  it  on  the 
larrebord :  (and  from  the  Isles  of  Damoiselle  unto  New- 
foundland the  sea  is  not  in  bredth  above  36.  leagues, 
because  that  Newfoundland  even  unto  Cape  Briton 
runneth  not  but  Northnortheast  &  Southsouthwest.) 
Between  the  Isles  de  la  Damoiselle  and  the  Isles  of 
Blanck  Sablon  there  be  many  Isles  and  good  harbours : 
and  on  this  coast  there  are  faulcons  &  haukes,  and  cer- 
taine  foules  which  seeme  to  be  feasants.  The  Isles  de  la 
Damoiselle  &  Cape  Tienot  are  Northeast  &  Westsouth- 
west &  take  a  little  of  the  Northeast  and  southwest,  & 
they  are  distant  1 8  leagues.  Cape  Tienot  is  in  50.  deg. 
and  ^.  And  there  the  sea  is  broadest.  And  it  may  be 
to  the  end  of  Newfoundland,  which  is  at  the  entrance  of 
Cape  Briton  70  leagues,  which  is  the  greatest  bredth  of 
the  sea.     And  there  are  6  or  7  Isles  between  the  Isles  de 

276 


JOHN   ALPHONSE   OF   XANCTOIGNE  ad. 

1542. 
la  Damoiselle  &  Cape  Tienot.     Cape  Tienot  hath  in  ye 
sea  5  or  6  leagues  distant  from  it  a  sunken  Hand  dangerous 
for  ships.     The  Cape  Tienot  and  the  midst  of  the  Isle  of 
Ascension  are  Northeast  and  southsouthwest,  &  they  are 
22.  leagues  distant,  the  midst  of  the  Isle  of  Ascension  is  "^^^  ^^^^ 
in  49   deg.   &  1.      The  said  Isle  lieth   Northwest  and  f  ^^«^^«' 
Southeast,  the  Northwest  end  is  in  50.  degrees  of  latitude  or  Natiscotec 
and  the  Southeast  end  is  in  48.  degrees  and  a  halfe  and  it  rm,  238.] 
is  about  25.  leagues  long  and  4.  or  5.  leagues  broad :  and 
from  the  Northwest  end  of  the  Isle  unto  the  firme  land 
of  the  North  side   the   Sea  is  not  above   seven  leagues 
broad,  but  unto  the  firme  land   on   the  South   side  are 
about  15.  leagues.     Cape  Tienot  and  the  end  of  the  Isle 
of  Ascention   toward   the    Southeast    are    Northeast   and 
Southwest,  and  are  distant  30.  leagues.     The  said  Cape 
of  Tienot  and  the  Northwest  end  of  the  Isle  of  Ascension 
are  East  and  West,  and  take  a  little  of  the  Northeast  and 
Southwest,  and  they  are  distant  34.  leagues.     The  Isle  of  The  com- 
Ascension  is  a  goodly  Isle,  and  a  goodly  champion  land  ^^^^<^^^°n  tf 
without  any  hilles,  standing   all   upon   white   rocks   and  J^cention 
Alablaster,  all  covered  with  trees  unto  the  Sea  shore,  and 
there  are  al  sorts  of  trees  as  there  be  in  France :  and  there 
be  wild  beasts,   as  beares,  Luserns,  Porkespicks.      And  From  Cape 
from  the  Southeast  end  of  the  Isle  of  Ascension  unto  the  ^r'^i°^  i°  ^^^ 
entrance  of  Cape  Briton  is  but  50.  leagues.     The  North-  gA/^ff^if^f 
west  end  of  the  Isle  &  the  Cape  des  Monts  nostre  Dame,  Jscention  is 
which  is  on  the  maine  land  towards  the  South,  are  North-  but z^o leagues. 
€ast  and  Westsouthwest,  and  the  distance  betweene  them  ^-^^  ^^P^  °f 
is   15.  leagues.     The  Cape  is  in  49.  degrees,  which  is  a  j)^„^^°^^^^ 
very  high  land.     The  Cape  and  end  of  the  Isle  of  Ascen- 
sion toward  the  Southeast  are  East  and  West  and  there  is 
15.  leagues  distance  betweene  them.     The  Bay  of  Molves  The  Bay  of 
or  Gaspay  is  in  48.  degrees,  and  the  coast  lyeth  North  ^°lvesor 
and  South,  and  taketh  a   quarter  of  the  Northeast  and  ^^^P^^- 
Southwest  unto  the  Bay  of  Heate :  and  there  are  3.  Isles, 
one  great  one  and  two  smal :   from  the  Bay  of  Heate  The  Bay  de 
untill  you  passe  the  Monts  nostre  Dame  al  the  land  is  Chakurorof 
high  and  good  ground  al  covered  with  trees.     Ognedoc 

277 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1542. 

The  Bay  of     is  a  good  Bay  and  lyeth  Northnorthwest  and  Southsouth- 

Ogriedoc.  g^g^.^  ^j^^  j^  -g  ^  good  Harbour  :  and  you  must  saile  along 

the  shore  on  the  Northside  by  reason  of  the  low  point  at 

the  entrance  therof :  and  when  you  are  passed  the  poynt 

bring  your  selfe  to  an  ancre  in  15.  or  20.  fathoms  of  water 

toward  the  South  shore,  and  here  within  this  Haven  are 

two   rivers,  one  which  goeth  toward  the  Northwest,  and 

Greater  store    the  Other  to  the  Southwest.     And  on  this  coast  there  is 

^^d  better  fish  gj-g^^  fishing  for  Coddes  and  other  fish,  where  there   is 

fcmdland        ^lore   store  then   is    in   Newfoundland,   and    better    fish. 

Foules.  And  here  is  great  store  of  river  foule,  as  Malards,  wild 

Trees.  Geese,  and  others :  And  here  are  all  sorts  of  trees,  Rose 

trees,  Raspesses,  Filbird  trees,  Apple  trees,  Peare  trees, 

and  it  is  hotter   here  in  Sommer  then  in  France.     The 

Isle  of  Ascension  and  the  7.  Isles  which  lie  on  the  North 

shore  lie  Southeast  and  Westnorthwest,  and  are  distant 

24.  leagues.     The  Cape  of  Ognedoc  and  the  7.  Isles  are 

Northnorthwest  and   Southsoutheast,   &   are   distant   ^iS- 

leagues.     The  Cape  of  Monts  nostre  Dame  and  the  7. 

The  mouth  of  Isles  are  North  and  South,  and  the  cut  over  from  the  one 

the  river  of     ^^  ^j^^  Other  is  25.  leagues  :  and  this  is  the  breadth  of  this 

twenty  five       '^^^'    ^^^    from    thence    upward    it    beginneth    to    waxe 

leagues  broad,    narrower  and   narrower.     The  7.  Isles  are  in  50.  degrees 

The  7  Isles  in  and  \.     The  7.  Isles  and  the  poynt  of  Ongear  lie  North- 

^odegreesand  g^g^  ^^^  Southwest  and  the  distance  betweene  them  is  15. 

^■^ '  leagues,  and  betweene  them   are  certaine  small   Islands : 

and   the    point    of  Ongear  and  the   mountaines    Nostre 

Dame,  which  are  on  the  South  side  of  the  entrance  of  the 

The  river  is     river,  are  North  and  South :   and  the  cut  over  from  the 

here  but  10      ^^^  ^^  ^^^  Other    is  ten  leagues:   and   this  is  here  the 

leagues  broad.      .        ,  ,       ^    ,       „  ~-.,  °  r  r^  ^     ^        • 

abredth  or  the  Sea.      1  he  poynt  or  Ongear  and  the  river 

The  point  of  ^^  Q2.^x\  lie  East  and  West,  and  they  are  distant  12. 
degrees  and  a  leagues.  And  all  the  coast  from  the  Isle  of  Ascension 
quarter.  hither  is  very  good  ground,  wherein  growe  all  sortes  of 

The  Isle  of  trees  that  are  in  France  and  some  fruits.  The  poynt  of 
Raquellein^%  Ongear  is  in  49.  degrees  and  \.  And  the  river  of  Caen 
two  third  ^"^  ^^^  ^^^  °^  Raquelle  lye  Northeast  and  Southwest, 
parts.  and  they  are  distant  12.  leagues.     The  Isle  of  Raquelle  is 

278 


JOHN   ALPHONSE   OF   XANCTOIGNE  ad. 

1542- 
in  48.  degrees  and  |-.     In  this  river  of  Caen  there  is  great 
store  of  fish.     And  here  the  Sea  is  not  past  8.  leagues  The  river  % 
broad.     The  Isle  of  Raquelle  is  a  very  low  Isle,  which  is  ^'^^'^  ^''^'^^ 
neere  unto  the  South  shore,  hard  by  a  high  Cape  which  is 
called  the  Cape  of  Marble.    There  is  no  danger  there  at  all. 
And  betweene  Raquelle  and  the  Cape  of  Marble  ships  may 
passe.     And  there  is  not  from  the  Isle  to  the  South  shore 
above  one  league,  and  from  the  Isle  unto  the  North  shore 
about  foure  leagues.    The  Isle  of  Raquelle  and  the  en- 
trance of  Saguenay  are  Northeast  Westsouthwest,  and  are 
distant    14.    leagues,  and   there  are  betweene  them   two 
small    Islandes   neere    the  North    shore.      The    entrance  The  entrance 
of  Saguenay  is  in  48.  degrees  and  J,  and  the  entrance  ?/'%«^^^3'- 
hath  not  past  a  quarter  of  a  league  in  breadth,  and  it  is 
dangerous    toward    the    Southwest :    and    two    or    three 
leagues  within  the  entrance  it  beginneth  to  waxe  wider 
and   wider:  and   it   seemeth   to   bee  as  it  were  an  arme 
of  the  Sea :  And   I   thinke  that  the  same   runneth  into 
the   Sea  of  Cathay,  for  it  sendeth  foorth  there  a  great  The  sea  of 
current,  and  there  doth  runne  in  that  place  a  terrible  rase  ^^^'^^J- 
or  tyde.     And  here  the  river  from  the  North  shore  to  The  river  not 
the  South  shore  is  not  past  foure  leasrues  in  breadth,  and  /"^^^  4 '^^^^^-f 
it  is  a  dangerous  passage  betweene  both  the  lands,  because 
there  lie   bankes   of  rockes  in    the    river.     The    Isle  of 
Raquelle  and  the  Isle  of  Hares  lye  Northeast  and  South- 
west, and  take  \  of  the  East  and  the  West,  and  they  are 
distant   18.  leagues.     The  entrance  of  Saguenay  and   the 
Isle  of  Liepueres  or  Hares  lie  Northnortheast  &  South- 
southwest,  and  are  distant   5.  leagues.     The  entrance  of 
Saguenay  and  the  Isle  of  Raquelle  are  Northnorthwest, 
a.id  Southsouthwest,  and  are  distant  three  leagues.     The  The  Isle  of 
Isle  of  Hares  is   in   48   and  t^  of  a  degree.     From  the  ^^^  ^■^48 

^  citici  otic  SIX- 

Mountaines    of   Nostre    Dame    unto    Canada  and    unto  teenthpart. 
Hochelaga,  all  the  land  on  the  South  coast  is  faire,  a  lowe  [III.  239.] 
land  and  goodly  champaigne,  all  covered  with  trees  unto 
the  brink  of  the  river.      And  the  land  on  the  North  side 
is  higher,  and  in  some  places  there  are  high  mountaines. 
And  from  the  Isle  of  Hares  unto  the  Isle  of  Orleans  the 

279 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1542. 

Klote.  river  is  not  past  4  or  5  leagues  broad.     Betweene  the  Isle 

of  Hares  and  the  highland  on  the  North  side  the  sea  is 

not  past  a  league  and  an  halfe  broad,  and  it  is  very  deepe, 

for  it  is  above  100.  fathoms  deepe  in  the  middest.     To 

the  East  of  the  Isle  of  Hares  there  are  2  or  3  small  Isles 

and  rockes.     And  from  hence  to  the  Isle  Des  Coudres  or 

of  Filbeards,  all  is  nothing  but  Isles  and  rockes  on  the 

South  shore :  and  towards  the  North  the  sea  is  fayre  and 

deepe.     The  Isle  of  Hares  and  the  Isle  of  Filbeards  lie 

northeast,  West  and  Southwest,  and  they  are  distant  12 

leagues.     And  you  must  alwayes  run  along  the  high  land 

on  the   north    shore;    for  on    the  other    shore  there  is 

nothing  but  rocks.     And  you  must  passe  by  the  side  of 

the  Isle  of  Filbeards,  and  the  river  there  is  not  past  a 

quarter  of  a  league  broad,  and   you   must  sayle  in  the 

middest  of  the  chanel :  and  in  the  middest  runneth  the 

best  passage  either  at  an  hie  or  a  low  water,  because  the 

sea  runneth  there  strongly,  and  there  are  great  dangers  of 

rocks,  and  you  had  neede  of  good  ancre  and  cable.     The 

isle  of  Filbeards  is  a  small  isle,  about  one  league  long, 

and  halfe  a  league  broad,  but  they  are  all  banks  of  sand. 

The  isle  of      The  isle  of  Filberds  stands  in  47.  deg.  and  £.     The  isle 

Filbeards  in     q^  Filberds  and  the   isle    of  Orleans  lie   northeast   and 

and  ^xQuar-     south west,  and  they  are  distant  10  leagues,  and  thou  must 

ten.  passe  by  the  high  land  on  the  northside  about  a  quarter 

of  a  league,  because  that  in  the  midst  of  the  river  there 

is  nothing  but  sholds  and  rocks.     And  when  thou  shalt 

bee  over  against  a  round  Cape,  thou  must  take  over  to  the 

South  shore  southwest,  and  a  quarter  toward  the  South ; 

and  thou  shalt  sayle  in  5.  6  and  7  fathoms :  and  there  the 

The  beginning  river  of  Canada  beginneth  to  bee  fresh,  and  the  salt  water 

of  the  fresh      endeth.     And  when  thou  shalt  be  athwart  the  point  of 

"'^^'"  the  isle  of  Orleans,  where  the  river  beginneth  to  be  fresh, 

thou  shalt  sayle  in  the  midst  of  the  river,  and  thou  shalt 

leave  the  isle  on  the  starreboord,  which  is  on  the  right 

The  river  but  hand :  and  here  the  river  is  not  past  a  quarter  of  a  league 

a  quarter  of  a  ^j-oad,  and  hath  20  and  30  fathoms  water.     And  towards 

^^,s«  '    the  South  shore  there  is  a  ledge  of  Isles  all  covered  with 

280 


JOHN   ALPHONSE   OF   XANCTOIGNE  a.d. 

1542. 

trees,  and  they  end  over  against  the  point  of  the  Isle  of 
Orleans.     And  the   poynt  of  the  isle  of  Orleans  toward  ^^^  Isle  of 
the  Northeast  is  in  47  deg^rees  and  one  terce  of  a  degree.    , ''  ^"'^^  ^^^'^ 
And  the  Isle  of  Orleans  is  a  fayre  Isle,  all  covered  with  ^^^  third  ■part. 
trees  even  unto  the  rivers  side  :  and  it  is  about  5  leagues 
long,   and  a  league  and  an   halfe  broade.     And  on   the 
North  shore  there  is  another  River,  which  falleth  into  the 
mayne  River  at  the  ende  of  the  Island :  and  Shippes  may 
very  well  passe  there.     From  the  middest  of  the  Isle  unto 
Canada  the  River  runneth  West;  and  from  the  place  of 
Canada  unto  France-Roy  the  river  turneth  West  South- 
west :  and  from  the  West  ende  of  the  Isle  to  Canada  is  Canada  i 
but  one  league;  and  unto  France-Roy  4  leagues.     And  ^"^^o^^f^ 
when  thou  art  come  to  the  end  of  the  Isle,  thou  shalt  /^/^  ^ 
see  a  great  River  which  falleth  fifteene  or  twenty  fathoms  Orleans, 
downe  from  a  rocke,  and  maketh  a  terrible  noyse.     The  I'h^  Fort  of 
Fort  of  France-roy  stands    in  47  degrees,  and  one  sixt  F^^"f^-^°y 
part  of  a  degree.  ^  _       ^,^,,,  2„^ 

The  extension  of  all  these  lands,  upon  just  occasion  one  sixt  part. 
is  called  New  France.     For  it  is  as  good  and  as  temperate 
as    France,  and   in  the   same  latitude.     And  the  reason  Whythecoun- 
wherefore  it  is  colder  in  the  Winter  is,  because  the  fresh  ^j'^y ^^  colder 
River  is  naturally  more  colde  then   the  Sea ;    and  it  is  ^^^^  France 
also  broad  and  deepe :  and  in  some  places  it  is  halfe  a 
league    and  above  in  breadth.     And    also    because    the  ^  second  rea- 
land  is  not  tylled,  nor  full  of  people,  and  is  all  full  of  ^°^- 
Woods,  which  is  the  cause  of  colde,  because  there  is  not 
store    of   fire    nor    cattel.      And    the    sunne    hath    his 
Meridian  as  high  as  the  Meridian   at  Rochel :  and   it  is 
noone  here  when   the  Sunne   is  at  South   Southwest  at 
Rochel.     And  here  the  North    starre  by  the    compasse  ^^^  variation 
standeth   North    northeast.     And  when  at   Rochel   it  is  °f y^ '^'^^P^'^e. 
noone,  it  is  but  halfe  an  houre  past  nine  at  France-Roy. 
From  the  sayde  place  unto  the  Ocean  sea  and  the  coast 
of  New  France,  is  not  above  50  leagues  distance.     And 
from  the  entrance  of  Norumbega  unto  Florida  are  300 
leagues :  and  from  this  place  of  France-Roy  to  Hochelaga, 
are   about    80  leagues :  and    unto  ye  Isle  of  Rasus  30 

281 


A.D. 
1542. 


From  the  fort 
of  Trance  Roy 
unto  ye  mouth 
of  the  Grand 
Bay  230 
leags. 


Gold  and  sil- 
ver like  to  be 
found  in 
Canada. 


A  Bay  in  42. 

degrees  giving 
some  hope  of  a 
passage. 
[III.  240.] 
Trees. 


Redde  plums. 


Fowle. 


Come. 

Wheate  to  he 
sowen  in 
March. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

leagues.  And  I  doubt  not  but  Norumbega  entreth  into 
the  river  of  Canada,  and  unto  the  Sea  of  Saguenay. 
And  from  the  Fort  of  France-Roy  untill  a  man  come 
foorth  of  the  Grande  Bay  is  not  above  230  leagues.  And 
the  course  is  Northeast  and  West  Southwest  not  above  5 
degrees  and  \  difference :  and  reckon  1 6  leagues  and  an 
halfe  to  a  degree.  By  the  nature  of  the  climate  the  lands 
toward  Hochelaga  are  still  better  and  better,  and  more 
fruitfull.  And  this  land  is  fitte  for  Figges  and  Peares. 
And  I  thinke  that  golde  and  silver  will  be  found  here, 
according  as  the  people  of  the  countrey  say.  These 
landes  lye  over  against  Tartarie,  and  I  doubt  not  but  that 
they  stretch  toward  Asia,  according  to  the  roundnesse  of 
the  world.  And  therefore  it  were  good  to  have  a  small 
Shippe  of  70  tunnes  to  discover  the  coast  of  New  France 
on  the  backe  side  of  Florida :  for  I  have  bene  at  a  Bay  as 
farre  as  42  degrees  betweene  Norumbega  and  Florida, 
and  I  have  not  searched  the  ende  thereof,  and  I  knowe 
not  whether  it  passe  through.  And  in  all  these  Countreys 
there  are  okes,  and  bortz,  ashes,  elmes,  arables,  trees  of 
life,  pines  prussetrees,  ceders,  great  wall  nut  trees,  and 
wilde  nuts,  hasel-trees,  wilde  peare  trees,  wilde  grapes,  and 
there  have  bene  found  redde  plummes.  And  very  faire 
corne  groweth  there,  and  peason  grow  of  their  owne 
accord,  gooseberries  and  strawberries.  And  there  are 
goodly  Forrests,  wherein  men  may  hunt.  And  there  are 
great  store  of  stagges,  deere,  porkepicks,  and  the  Savages 
say  there  bee  Unicornes.  Fowle  there  are  in  abundance, 
as  bustards,  wilde  geese,  cranes,  turtle  doves,  ravens, 
Crowes,  and  many  other  birds.  All  things  which  are 
sowen  there,  are  not  past  2.  or  3.  dayes  in  comming  up 
out  of  the  ground.  I  have  tolde  in  one  eare  of  corne  an 
hundred  and  twenty  graines,  like  the  corne  of  France. 
And  ye  neede  not  to  sowe  your  Wheate  untill  March, 
and  it  will  be  ripe  in  the  middest  of  August.  The 
waters  are  better  and  perfecter  then  in  France.  And  if 
the  Countrey  were  tilled  and  replenished  with  people,  it 
would  be  as  hotte  as   Rochel.     And   the   reason  why  it 


SIR  FRANCIS   ROBERVAL  a.d. 

1542. 
snoweth  there  oftener  then  in  France  is,  because  it  raineth  T^he  cause  of 
there   but   seldome :    for   the    raine   is    converted    into  the  often  snow - 


snowes. 

All  things  above  mentioned,  are  true. 

John  Alphonse  made  this  Voyage  with  Monsieur 
Roberval. 

There  is  a  pardon  to  be  scene  for  the  pardoning  of 
Monsieur  de  Saine  terre.  Lieutenant  of  the  sayd  Monsieur 
de  Roberval,  given  in  Canada  in  the  presence  of  the  sayde 
John  Alphonse. 

The  Voyage  of  John  Francis  de  la  Roche, 
knight,  Lord  of  Roberval,  to  the  Countries 
of  Canada,  Saguenai,  and  Hochelaga,  with 
three  tall  Ships,  and  tv^o  hundred  persons, 
both  men,  women,  and  children,  begun  in 
April,  1542.  In  which  parts  he  remayned 
the  same  summer,  and  all  the  next  winter. 


ing  In  Canada. 


Ir  John  Francis  de  la  Roche  knight,  lord 
of  Roberval,  appoynted  by  the  king  as 
his  Lieutenant  general  in  the  countreis 
of  Canada,  Saguenay,  and  Hochelaga, 
furnished  3.  tall  Ships,  chiefly  at  the 
kings  cost :  And  having  in  his  fleete 
200.  persons,  aswel  men  as  women, 
accompanied  with  divers  gentlemen  of  qualitie,  as  namely 
with  Monsieur  Saineterre  his  lieutenant,  FEspiney  his 
Ensigne,  captain  Guinecourt,  Monsieur  Noire  fontaine, 
Dieu  lamont,  Frote,  la  Brosse,  Francis  de  Mire,  la  Salle, 
and  Roieze,  and  John  Alfonse  of  Xanctoigne  an  excellent 
pilot,  set  sayle  from  Rochel  the  16.  of  April  1542.  The 
same  day  about  noone  we  came  athwart  of  Chefe  de  boys, 
where  we  were  enforced  to  stay  the  night  following.  On 
Munday  the  seventeenth  of  the  sayde  Moneth  wee  de- 
parted from  Chefe  de-boys.  The  winde  served  us  notably 
for  a  time :  but  within  fewe  dayes  it  came  quite  contrary, 

283 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1542. 

which  hindered  our  journey  for  a  long  space :  For  wee 
were  suddenly  enforced  to  turne  backe,  and  to  seeke 
Harborough  in  Belle  Isle,  on  the  coast  of  Bretaigne, 
where  wee  stayed  so  long,  and  had  such  contrary  weather 
by  the  way,  that  wee  could  not  reach  Newfound  lande, 
untill  the  seventh  of  June.  The  eight  of  this  Moneth 
wee  entred  into  the  Rode  of  Saint  John,  where  wee  founde 
seventeene  Shippes  of  fishers.  While  wee  made  some- 
what long  abode  heere,  Jaques  Cartier  and  his  company 
returning  from  Canada,  whither  hee  was  sent  with  five 
sayles  the  yeere  before,  arrived  in  the  very  same  Harbour. 
Who,  after  hee  had  done  his  duetie  to  our  Generall,  tolde 
Dtamonts.  him  that  hee  had  brought  certaine  Diamonts,  and  a 
Golde  found,  q^antitie  of  Golde  ore,  which  was  found  in  the  Countrey. 
Which  ore  the  Sunday  next  ensuing  was  tryed  in  a  Fur- 
nace, and  found  to  be  good. 

Furthermore,  hee  enformed  the  Generall  that  hee  could 
not  with  his  small  company  withstand  the  Savages,  which 
went  about  dayly  to  annoy  him :  and  that  this  was  the 
cause  of  his  returne  into  France.  Neverthelesse,  hee  and 
his  company  commended  the  Countrey  to  bee  very  rich 
and  fruitfull.  But  when  our  Generall  being  furnished 
with  sufficient  forces,  commaunded  him  to  goe  backe 
againe  with  him,  hee  and  his  company,  mooved  as  it 
seemeth  with  ambition,  because  they  would  have  all  the 
Jacques  Car-  glory  of  the  discoverie  of  those  partes  themselves,  stole 
tier  stole  privily  away  the  next  night  from  us,  and  without  taking 

■^"  their  leaves  departed  home  for  Bretaigne. 

[III.  241.]  Wee  spent  the  greatest  part  of  June  in  this  Harbour  of 

Saint  John,  partly  in  furnishing  ourselves  with  fresh  water, 
whereof  wee  stoode  in  very  great  neede  by  the  way,  and 
partly  in  composing  and  taking  up  of  a  quarell  betweene 
some  of  our  Countreymen,  and  certaine  Portugals.  At 
length,  about  the  last  of  the  aforesayde  Moneth,  wee  de- 
parted hence,  and  entred  into  the  Grand  Baye,  and  passed 
by  the  Isle  of  Ascension  :  and  finally  arrived  foure  leagues 
Westward  of  the  Isle  of  Orleans.  In  this  place  wee  found 
a  convenient  Harbour  for  our  shipping,  where  wee  cast 

284 


SIR   FRANCIS   ROBERVAL  a.d. 

1542. 
anchor,  went  a  shoare  with  our  people,  and  chose  out  a 
convenient  place  to  fortifie  ourselves  in,  fitte  to  command 
the  mayne  River,  and  of  strong  situation  against  all  in- 
vasion of  enemies.  Thus  towarde  the  ende  of  July,  wee  /a/y. 
brought  our  victuals  and  other  munitions  and  provisions 
on  shore,  and  began  to  travaile  in  fortifying  of  our  selves. 

Of  the  Fort  of  France-Roy,  and  that  which 
was  done  there. 

HAving  described  the  beginning,  the  middest,  and  the 
ende  of  the  Voyage  made  by  Monsieur  Roberval 
in  the  Countreyes  of  Canada,  Hochelaga,  Saguenay,  and 
other  Countreyes  in  the  West  partes  :  He  sayled  so  farre, 
(as  it  is  declared  in  other  bookes)  that  hee  arrived  in  the 
sayde  Countrey,  accompanyed  with  two  hundred  persons, 
souldiers,  mariners,  and  common  people,  with  all  furniture 
necessary  for  a  Fleete.  The  sayde  Generall  at  his  first 
arrivall  built  a  fayre  Fort,  neere  and  somewhat  Westward 
above  Canada,  which  is  very  beautifuU  to  beholde,  and  of 
great  force,  situated  upon  an  high  mountaine,  wherein 
there  were  two  courtes  of  buyldings,  a  great  Towre,  and 
another  of  fortie  or  fiftie  foote  long  :  wherein  there  were 
divers  Chambers,  an  Hall,  a  Kitchine,  houses  of  office. 
Sellers  high  and  lowe,  and  neere  unto  it  were  an  Oven 
and  Milles,  and  a  stoove  to  warme  men  in,  and  a  Well 
before  the  house.  And  the  buylding  was  situated  upon 
the  great  River  of  Canada,  called  France  prime,  by  Mon-  France  prime. 
sieur  Roberval.  There  was  also  at  the  foote  of  the 
mountaine  another  lodging,  part  whereof  was  a  great 
Towre  of  two  stories  high,  two  courtes  of  good  buylding, 
where  at  the  first  all  our  victuals,  and  whatsoever  was 
brought  with  us  was  sent  to  be  kept :  and  neere  unto  that 
Towre  there  is  another  small  river.  In  these  two  places 
above  and  beneath,  all  the  meaner  sort  was  lodged. 

And  in  the  Moneth  of  August,  and  in  the  beginning  of  Au^st  1542. 
September  every  man  was  occupied   in   such   woorke   as 
eche  one  was  able  to  doe.     But  the  fourteenth  of  Septem-  September  14. 
ber,  our  aforesayde  Generall  sent  backe  into  France  two 

285 


A.D. 

1542. 


The  proportion 
of  their  vic- 
tuals. 


The  length  of 
the  winter. 


They  had 
women  with 
them. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Shippes  which  had  brought  his  furniture,  and  he  appoynted 
for  Admirall  Monsieur  de  Saine-terre,  and  the  other  cap- 
taine  was  Monsieur  Guinecourt,  to  carie  newes  unto  the 
King,  and  to  come  backe  againe  unto  him  the  yeere  next 
ensuing,  furnished  with  victuals  and  other  things,  as  it 
should  please  the  King :  and  also  to  bring  newes  out  of 
France  how  the  King  accepted  certaine  Diamants  which 
were  sent  him,  and  were  found  in  this  countrey. 

After  these  two  Shippes  were  departed,  consideration 
was  had  how  they  should  doe,  and  how  they  might  passe 
out  the  Winter  in  this  place.  First  they  tooke  a  view  of 
the  victuals,  and  it  was  found  that  they  fell  out  short : 
and  they  were  scantled  so,  that  in  eche  messe  they  had 
but  two  loaves  weighing  a  pound  a  piece,  and  halfe  a 
pound  of  biefe.  They  ate  Bacon  at  dinner  with  halfe  a 
pound  of  butter :  and  Biefe  at  supper,  and  about  two 
handfuls  of  Beanes  without  butter. 

On  the  Wednesday,  Friday,  and  Saturday  they  did 
eate  dry  Cod,  and  sometimes  they  did  eate  it  greene  at 
dinner  with  butter,  and  they  ate  of  Porposes  and  beanes 
at   supper. 

About  that  time  the  Savages  brought  us  great  store  of 
Aloses,  which  is  a  fish  somewhat  redde  like  a  Salmon,  to 
get  knives  and  other  small  trifles  for  them. 

In  the  ende  many  of  our  people  fell  sicke  of  a  certaine 
disease  in  their  legges,  reynes,  and  stomacke,  so  that  they 
seemed  to  bee  deprived  of  all  their  lymmes,  and  there 
dyed  thereof  about  fiftie. 

Note  that  the  yce  began  to  breake  up  in  April. 

Monsieur  Roberval  used  very  good  justice,  and  punished 
every  man  according  to  his  oifence.  One  whose  name  was 
Michael  Gaillon,  was  hanged  for  his  theft.  John  of 
Nantes  was  layde  in  yrons,  and  kept  prisoner  for  his 
offence,  and  others  also  were  put  in  yrons,  and  divers  were 
whipped,  as  well  men  as  women :  by  which  meanes  they 
lived    in   quiet. 


286 


SIR  FRANCIS    ROBERVAL  ad. 

1542. 

The  maners  of  the  Savages.  [ill.  242.] 

TO  declare  unto  you  the  state  of  the  Savages,  they  are 
people  of  a  goodly  stature,  and  well  made,  they  are 
very  white,  but  they  are  all  naked :  and  if  they  were 
apparelled  as  the  French  are,  they  would  bee  as  white  and 
as  fayre  :  but  they  paynt  themselves  for  feare  of  heat  and 
sunne  burning. 

In  stead  of  apparell,  they  weare  skinnes  upon  them  like  T'heir  ap- 
mantles :  and  thev  have  a  small  payre  of  breeches,  where-  ^^"^  ,        , 

.  ,  '  •'  ,     .  .    .  .       ^   ■'         ,,  So  have  the-^ 

With  they  cover  their  privities,  as  well  men  as  women.  ofCeula,and 
They  have  hosen  and  shooes  of  lether  excellently  made.   Quivira,  and 
And  they  have  no  shirts :  neither  cover  they  their  heads,  Meta  Incog- 
hut  their  hayre  is  trussed  up  above  the  crowne  of  their  "^^^• 
heads,  and  playted  or  broyded.     Touching  their  victuals,  '^^^^^  ^^^" 
they  eate  good  meate,  but  all  unsalted,  but  they  drye  it,  ^^^  ^' 
and  afterward  they  broyle  it,  as  well  fish  as  flesh.     They 
have  no  certaine  dwelling  place,  and  they  goe  from  place  '^^^y  ^'^^^ove 
to  place,  as   they  thinke  they  may  best   finde   foode,  as  -^^^^  ^  "^^^  ^° 
Aloses  in  one  place,  and  other  fish,  Salmons,  Sturgions,  j^^-^^" 
Mullets,  Surmullets,  Barz,    Carpes,   Eeles,   Pinperneaux, 
and  other  fresh  water  fish,  and  store  of  Porposes.     They 
feede  also  of  Stagges,  wilde  Bores,  Bugles,  Porkespynes,  Beastes. 
and  store  of  other  wilde  beastes.     And  there  is  as  great 
store  of  Fowle  as  they  can  desire.  Fowle. 

Touching  their  bread,  they  make  very  good :  and  it  is  Their  bread 
of  great  myll :  and  they  live  very  well ;  for  they  take  care  ^"^fj^f  -^ 
tor  nothing  else. 

They  drinke  Scale  oyle,  but  this  is  at  their  great  feasts.    Drinke  of 

Thev  have  a  King  in  every  Countrey,  and  are  wonder-  ^f^/  oy  e  at 
J      ^  o     .  J  J '  _  their  sreat 

full    obedient    unto    him :     and    they    doe    him    honour  roasts.    Their 
according  unto  their  maner  and  fashion.     And  when  they  government. 
travayle  from  place  to  place,  they  cary  all  their  goods  with 
them  in  their  boates. 

The  weomen  nurse  their  children  with  the  breast,  and 
they  sit  continually,  and  are  wrapped  about  the  bellies 
with  skinnes  of  furre. 

[The  voyage 
287 


A.D. 

1543- 


The  5. 
June. 


of 


The  6.  of 
June. 


Monsieur  de 
Royeze. 


The  \\of 
June. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

The  voyage  of  Monsieur  Roberval  from  his  Fort 
in  Canada  unto  Saguenay,  the   fifth    of  June, 

1543- 


Onsieur  Roberval  the  kings  Lieutenant 
generall  in  the  Countries  of  Canada, 
Saguenay,  and  Hochelaga,  departed  to- 
ward the  said  province  of  Saguenay  on 
the  Tuesday  the  5.  day  of  June  1543. 
after  supper :  and  he  with  all  his  furniture 
was  imbarked  to  make  the  sayd  voyage. 
But  upon  a  certaine  occasion  they  lay  in  the  Rode 
over  against  the  place  before  mentioned  :  but  on  the 
Wednesday  about  sixe  of  the  clocke  in  the  morning 
they  set  sayle,  and  sayled  against  the  streame :  in  which 
voyage  their  whole  furniture  was  of  eight  barks,  aswell 
great  as  small,  and  to  the  number  of  threescore  and  ten 
persons,  with  the  aforesayd  Generall. 

The  Generall  left  behinde  him  in  the  aforesayde  place 
and  Fort  thirtie  persons  to  remayne  there  untill  his 
returne  from  Saguenay,  which  hee  appoynted  to  bee  the 
first  of  July,  or  else  they  should  returne  into  France. 
And  hee  left  there  behinde  him  but  two  Barkes  to  cary 
the  sayde  thirtie  persons,  and  the  furniture  which  was 
there,  while  hee  stayed  still  in  the  Countrey. 

And  for  effectuating  hereof,  he  left  as  his  Lieutenant 
a  gentleman  named  Monsieur  de  Royeze,  to  whom  he 
gave  commission,  and  charged  all  men  to  obey  him, 
and  to  be  at  the  commandement  of  the  sayd  lieutenant. 

The  victuals  which  were  left  for  their  mayntenance 
untill  the  sayd  first  day  of  July,  were  received  by  the 
sayd  Lieutenant  Royeze. 

On  Thursday  the  14.  of  June  Monsieur  de  I'Espiney, 
la  Brosse,  Monsieur  Frete,  Monsieur  Longeval,  and 
others,  returned  from  the  Generall,  from  the  voyage  of 
Saguenay. 

And  note  that  eight  men  and  one  Barke  were  drowned 


SIR   WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT 


A.D. 

1584. 


and  lost,  among  whom  was  Monsieur  de  Noire  fontaine, 
and  one  named  la  Vasseur  of  Constance. 

On  Tuesday  the    19.  of  June   aforesayd,    there  came  The  \^  of 
from    the    Generall,    Monsieur    de  Villeneufue,  Talebot,     ^"^^' 
and  three  others,  which  brought  sixescore  pounds  weight 
of  their  corne,  and  letters  to  stay  yet  untill  Magdalen-  Maiz. 
tyde,  which  is  the  22.  day  of  July.  ■^■^^  ^^-  °-^ 

The  rest  of  this  Voyage  is  wanting. 


July  1543. 


The    Voyages    and    Navigations    of   the    English  [m-  243-] 
nation    to    Virginia,    and    the    several!    discoveries 
therof  chiefly   at   the   charges   of  the   honourable 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  knight,  from  33  to  40  degrees 
of  latitude  :    together    with    the    successe    of  the 
English  colonies  there  planted  :   as  likewise  a  de- 
scription of  the  Countrey,  with  the  Inhabitants, 
and  the  manifold  commodities.      Where- 
unto  are  annexed  the  patents,  letters, 
discourses,  &c.  to  this  part 
belonging. 

The  letters  patents,  granted  by  the  Queenes 
Majestie  to  M.  Walter  Ralegh,  now  Knight, 
for  the  discovering  and  planting  of  new  lands 
and  Countries,  to  continue  the  space  of  6. 
yeeres  and  no  more. 

Lizabeth  by  the  grace  of  God  of  England, 
France  and  Ireland  Queene,  defender  of 
the  faith,  &c.  To  all  people  to  whom 
these  presents  shal  come,  greeting.  Know 
ye  that  of  our  especial  grace,  certaine 
science,  &  meere  motion,  we  have  given 
and  granted,  and  by  these  presents  for  us, 


our  heires  and  successors  idoe  give  and  grant  to  our  trusty 
and  welbeloved  servant  Walter  Ralegh  Esquire^  and  to 
his  heires  and  assignes   for   ever,   free  liberty  &  licence 

289  T 


VIII 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584.  •       _  _  ,— 

from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  for  ever  hereafter!,  to 
discover,  search,  finde  out,  and  view  such  remote,  heathen 
and  barbarous  lands,  countreis,  and  territories,  not  actually 
possessed  of  any  Christian  prince,  nor  inhabited  by 
Christian  people,  as  to  him,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and 
to  every  or  any  of  them  shall  seeme  good,  and  the  same 
to  have,  holde,  occupy  &  enjoy  to  him,  his  heires  and 
assignes  for  ever,  with  all  prerogatives,  commodities, 
jurisdictions,  royalties,  priviledges,  franchises  and  pre- 
eminences, thereto  or  thereabouts  both  by  sea  and  land, 
whatsoever  we  by  our  letters  patents  may  grant,  and  as 
we  or  any  of  our  noble  progenitors  have  heretofore 
granted  to  any  person  or  persons,  bodies  politique  or 
corporate  :  and  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  all  such  as  from  time  to  time,_by  licence  of 
us,  our  heires  and  successors,  shal  goe  or  travaile, thither 
to  inhabite  or  remaine,  there  to  build  and  fortifier  at  the 
discretion  of  the  said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  &  assignes, 
the  statutes  or  act  of  Parliament  made  against  fugitives, 
or  against  such  as  shall  depart,  remaine  or  continue  out 
of  our  Realme  of  England  without  licence,  or  any  other 
statute,  act,  law,  or  any  ordinance  whatsoever  to  the  con- 
trary in  any  wise  notwithstanding. 

And  we  do  likewise  by  these  presents,  of  our  especial 
grace,  meere  motion,  and  certaine  knowledge,  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successors,  give  and  graunt  full  authoritie, 
libertie  and  power  to  the  said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires 
and  assignes,  and  every  of  them,  that  he  and  they,  and 
every  or  any  of  them,  shall  and  may  at  all  and  every  time 
and  times  hereafter,  have,  take,  and  leade  in  the  sayde 
voyage,  and  travaile  thitherward,  or  to  inhabite  there  with 
him  or  them,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  such,  and  so 
many  of  our  subjects  as  shall  willingly  accompany  him  or 
them,  and  every  or  any  of  them  :  and  to  whom  also  we 
doe  by  these  presents,  give  full  libertie  and  authoritie  in 
that  behalfe,  and  also  to  have,  take  and  employ,  and  use 
sufficient  shipping  and  furniture  for  the  transportations, 
and  Navigations  in  that  behalfe,  so  that  none  of  the  same 

290 


SIR   WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT  a.d. 

1584. 
persons   or   any  of  them   be   such   as   hereafter   shall   be 
restrained  by  us,  our  heires  or  successors. 

And  further  that  the  said  Walter  Ralegh  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  of  them,  shall  have,j^holde,  occupie  and 
enjoy,' to  him,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  every  of  them 
for  ever,  ^11  the  soyle  of  all  such  landes,  territorie„Si  and 
Countreis,  so  to  be  discovered  and  possessed  as  aforesayd, 
and  of  all  such  Cities,  Castles,  Townes,  Villages,  and 
places  in  the  same,  with  the  right,  royalties,  franchises, 
and  jurisdictions,  as  well  marine  as  other  within  the  sayd 
landes,  or  Countreis,  or  the  seas  thereunto  adjoyning,  to 
be  had,  or  used,  with  full  power  to  dispose  thereof,  and 
of  every  part  in  fee  simple  or  otherwise,  according  to  the 
order  of  the  lawes  of  England,  as  neere  as  the  same  con- 
veniently may  be,  at  his,  and  their  wil  and  pleasure,  to 
any  persons  then  being,  or  that  shall  remaine  within  the 
allegiance  of  us,  our  heires  and  successors :  reserving 
alwayes  to  us,  our  heires  and  successors,  for  all  services, 
dueties,  and  demaunds,  the  fift  part  of  all  the  oare  of 
golde  and  silver,  that  from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times 
after  such  discoverie^;  subduing  and  possessing^,  shall  be 
there  gotten  and  obteined : ;  All  which  lands.  Countries, 
and  territories  shall  for  ever  be  holden  of  the  sayd  Walter 
Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  of  us,  our  heires  and 
successors,  by  homage,  and  by  the  sayd  payment  of  the 
sayd  fift  part,  reserved  onely  for  all  services. 

And  moreover,  we  do  by  these  presents,  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successors,  give  and  grant  licence  to  the  said  [HI-  244.] 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and  assignes,  and  every  of 
them,  that  he,  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  shall 
and  may  from  time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  for  ever  here- 
after, for  his  and  their  defence,  encounter  and  expulse, 
repell  and  resist  aswell  by  sea  as  by  lande,  and  by  all  other 
wayes  whatsoever,  all  and  every  such  person  and  persons 
whatsoever,  as  without  the  especiall  liking  and  licence  of 
the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  and  of  his  heires  and  assignes, 
shall  attempt  to  inhabite  within  the  sayde  Countryes,  or 
any  of  them,  or  within  the  space  of  two  hundreth  leagues 

291 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

neere  to  the  place  or  places  within  such  Countryes  as 
aforesayde  (if  they  shall  not  bee  before  planted  or  inhabited 
within  the  limits  as  aforesayd  with  the  subjects  of  any 
Christian  Prince  being  in  amitie  with  us)  where  the  sayd 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  or  assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or 
his,  or  their,  or  any  of  their  associats  or  company,  shall 
within  sixe  yeeres  (next  ensuing)  make  their  dwellings  or 
abidings,  or  that  shall  enterprise  or  attempt  at  any  time 
hereafter  unlawfully  to  annoy,  eyther  by  Sea  or  Lande  the 
sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes,  or  any  of 
them,  or  his  or  their,  or  any  of  his  or  their  companies  : 
giving,  and  graunting  by  these  presents  further  power 
and  authoritie  to  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  of  them  from  time  to  time,  and  at 
all  times  for  ever  hereafter,  to  take  and  surprise  by  all 
maner  of  meanes  whatsoever,  all  and  every  those  person 
or  persons,  with  their  Shippes,  Vessels,  and  other  goods 
and  furniture,  which  without  the  licence  of  the  sayde 
Walter  Ralegh,  or  his  heires,  or  assignes,  as  aforesayd, 
shalbe  found  traffiquing  into  any  Harbour,  or  Harbours, 
Creeke,  or  Creekes,  within  the  limits  aforesayd,  (the 
subjects  of  our  Realmes  and  Dominions,  and  all  other 
persons  in  amitie  with  us,  trading  to  the  Newfound  lands 
for  fishing  as  heretofore  they  have  commonly  used,  or 
being  driven  by  force  of  a  tempest,  or  shipwracke  onely 
excepted :)  and  those  persons,  and  every  of  them,  with 
their  shippes,  vessels,  goods,  and  furniture  to  deteine  and 
possesse  as  of  good  and  lawfull  prize,  according  to  the 
discretion  of  him  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and 
assignes,  and  every,  or  any  of  them.  I  And  for  uniting  in 
more  perfect  league  and  amitie,  of  such  Countryes,  landes, 
and  territories  so  to  be  possessed  and  inhabited  as  afore- 
sayd with  our  Realmes  of  England  and  Ireland,  and  the 
better  incouragement  of  men  to  these  enterprises :  we  doe 
by  these  presents,  graunt  and  declare  that  all  such  Countries, 
so  hereafter  to  be  possessed  and  inhabited  as  is  afore- 
sayd, from  thencefoorth  shall  be  of  the  allegiance  to  us,  our 
heires  and  successours. '    And  wee  doe  graunt  to  the  sayd 

292 


SIR   WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT  a.d. 

1584. 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires,  and  assignes,  and  to  all,  and 
every  of  them,  and  to  all,  and  every  other  person  and 
persons,  being  of  our  allegiance,  whose  names  shall  be 
noted  or  entred  in  some  of  our  Courts  of  recorde  within  Note. 
our  Realme  of  England,  that  with  the  assent  of  the  sayd 
Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes,  shall  in  his  journeis 
for  discoverie,  or  in  the  journeis  for  conquest  hereafter 
travaile  to  such  lands,  countreis  and  territories,  as  afore- 
sayd,  and  to  their,  and  to  every  of  their  heires,  and  they, 
and  every  or  any  of  them,  being  eyther  borne  within  our 
sayde  Realmes  of  England  or  Irelande,  or  in  any  other 
place  within  our  allegiance,  and  which  hereafter  shall  be 
inhabiting  within  any  the  Lands,  Countryes,  and  Terri- 
tories, with  such  licence,  (as  aforesayd)  shall  and  may 
have  all  the  priviledges  of  free  Denizens,  and  persons  Free  Deniza- 
native  of  England,  and  within  our  allegiance  in  such  like  ^"''^  granted. 
ample  maner  and  forme,  as  if  they  were  borne  and 
personally  resident  within  our  said  Realme  of  England, 
any  law,  custome,  or  usage  to  the  contrary  notwith- 
standing. 

And  forasmuch  as  upon  the  finding  out,  discovering,  or 
inhabiting  of  such  remote  lands,  countries,  and  territories 
as  aforesaid,  it  shalbe  necessary  for  the  safety  of  all  men, 
that  shall  adventure  themselves  in  those  journeyes  or 
voyages,  to  determine  to  live  together  in  Christian  peace, 
and  civill  quietnesse  eche  with  other,  whereby  every  one 
may  with  more  pleasure  and  profit  enjoy  that  whereunto 
they  shall  atteine  with  great  paine  and  perill,  wee  for  us, 
our  heires  and  successors,  are  likewise  pleased  and  con- 
tented, and  by  these  presents  doe  give  &  grant  to  the 
said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes  for  ever,  that 
he  and  they,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  shall  /and  may 
from  time  to  time  for  ever  hereafter,/ "within  the  said 
mentioned  remote  lands  and  countries,  in  the  way  by 
the  seas  thither,  and  from  thence,  /  have  full  and 
meere  power  and  authoritie  to  correct,  punish,  pardon, 
governe,  and  rule  by  their  (and  every  or  any  of  their ! 
good   discretions    and   policies,  aswellj  in    causes  capitall, 

293 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

or  criminall,  as  civil,  both  marine  and  other,  all  such 
our  subjectsJ  as  shal  from  time  to  time  adventure 
themselves  m  the  said  journeis  or  voyages,  orfthat 
shall  at  any  time  hereafter  inhabite  any  such  lands, 
countreis,  or  territories  as  aforesayd,  or  that  shall  abide 
within  200.  leagues  of  any  of  the  sayde  place  or  places, 
where  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or  assignes, 
or  any  of  them,  or  any  of  his  or  their  associats  or  com- 
panies, shall  inhabite  within  6.  yeeres  next  ensuing  the 
date  hereof,  according  to  such  statutes,  lawes  and  ordin- 
ances as  shall  be  by  him  the  sayd  Walter  Ralegh,  his 
heires  and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  devised,  or 
established,  for  the  better  government  of  the  said  people 
[III.  245.]  as  aforesaid.  So  alwayes  as  the  said  statutes,  lawes,  and 
ordinances  may  be,  as  nere  as  conveniently  may  bee^) 
agreeable  to  the  forme  of  the  lawes,  statutes,  governement, 
or  pollicie  of  England,  and  also  so  as  they  be  not  against 
the  true  Christian  faith,  nowe  professed  in  the  Church  of 
England,  nor  in  any  wise  to  withdrawe  any  of  the  subjects 
or  people  of  those  lands  or  places  from  the  alleagance 
of  us,  our  heires  and  successours,  as  their  immediate 
Soveraigne   under   God. 

And  further,  we  doe  by  these  presents  for  us,  our 
heires  and  successors,  give  and  grant  ful  power  and 
authoritie  to  our  trustie  and  welbeloved  Counsailour  Sir 
William  Cecill  knight,  Lorde  Burghley,  or  high  Treasourer 
of  England,  and  to  the  Lorde  Treasourer  of  England 
for  us,  our  heires  and  successors  for  the  time  being,  and 
to  the  privie  Counsaile  of  us,  our  heires  and  successors, 
or  any  foure  or  more  of  them  for  the  time  being,  that  he, 
they,  or  any  foure  or  more  of  them,  shall  and  may  from 
time  to  time,  and  at  all  times  hereafter,  under  his  or  their 
handes  or  Scales  by  vertue  of  these  presents,  authorise 
and  licence  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them  by  him,  &  by  them- 
selves, or  by  their,  or  any  of  their  sufficient  Atturneis, 
Deputies,  Officers,  Ministers,  Factors,  and  servants,  to 
imbarke  &  transport  out  of  our  Realme  of  England  and 

294 


SIR    WALTER   RALEGH'S   PATENT  a.d. 

1584. 
Ireland,  and  the  Dominions  thereof,  all  or  any  of  his 
or  their  goods,  and  all  or  any  the  goods  of  his  and  their 
associats  and  companies,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  with 
such  other  necessaries  and  commodities  of  any  our 
Realm  es,  as  to  the  sayde  Lorde  Treasurer,  or  foure  or 
more  of  the  privie  Counsaile,  of  us  our  heires  and 
successors  for  the  time  being  (as  aforesaid)  shalbe  from 
time  to  time  by  his  or  their  wisedomes,  or  discretions 
thought  meete  and  convenient,  for  the  better  reliefe  and 
supportation  of  him  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires, 
and  assignes,  and  every  or  any  of  them,  and  of  his  or 
their  or  any  of  their  associats  and  companies,  any  act, 
statute,  law, .  or  any  thing  to  the  contrary  in  any  wise 
notwithstanding. 

Provided  alwayes,  and  our  wil  and  pleasure  is,  and  we 
do  hereby  declare  to  all  Christian  kings,  princes,  and 
states,  that  if  the  sayde  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  or 
assignes,  or  any  of  them,  or  any  other  by  their  licence 
or  appointment,  shall  at  any  time  or  times  hereafter 
robbe  or  spoile  by  sea  or  by  land,  or  doe  any  acte  of 
unjust  or  unlawfull  hostilitie,  to  any  of  the  subjects  of 
us,  our  heires  or  successors,  or  to  any  of  the  subjects  of 
any  the  kings,  princes,  rulers,  Governours,  or  estates, 
being  then  in  perfect  league  and  amitie  with  us,  our  heires 
and  successours,  and  that  upon  such  injurie,  or  upon  just 
complaint  of  any  such  Prince,  Ruler,  Governour  or  estate, 
or  their  subjects,  wee,  our  heires  and  successors,  shall 
make  open  Proclamation  within  any  the  portes  of  our 
Realme  of  England,  that  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his 
heires  and  assignes,  and  adherents,  or  any  to  whom  these 
our  Letters  patents  may  extende,  shall  within  the  termes 
to  bee  limited,  by  such  Proclamation,  make  full  restitu- 
tion, and  satisfaction  of  all  such  injuries  done:  so  as 
both  we  and  the  said  Princes,  or  other  so  complaining, 
may  hold  us  and  themselves  fully  contented :  And  that  if 
the  said  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  shall  not 
make  or  cause  to  be  made  satisfaction  accordingly  within 
such  time  so  to  be  limitted,  that  then  it  shal  be  lawful  to 

295 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

us,  our  heires  and  successors,  to  put  the  sayde  Walter 
Ralegh,  his  heires  and  assignes,  and  adherents,  and  all  the 
inhabitants  of  the  saide  places  to  be  discovered  (as  is 
aforesaid)  or  any  of  them  out  of  our  allegeance  and 
protection,  and  that  from  and  after  such  time  of  putting 
out  of  protection  of  the  saide  Walter  Ralegh,  his  heires, 
assignes  and  adherents,  and  others  so  to  be  put  out,  and 
the  said  places  within  their  habitation,  possession  and 
rule,  shall  be  out  of  our  allegeance  and  protection,  and 
free  for  all  Princes  and  others  to  pursue  with  hostilitie,  as 
being  not  our  subjects,  nor  by  us  any  way  to  be  avouched, 
maintained,  or  defended,  nor  to  be  holden  as  any  of  ours, 
nor  to  our  protection,  or  dominion,  or  allegeance  any 
way  belonging :  for  that  expresse  mention  of  the  cleere 
yeerely  value  of  the  certaintie  of  the  premisses,  or  any 
part  thereof,  or  of  any  other  gift,  or  grant  by  us,  or  any 
our  progenitors,  or  predecessors  to  the  said  Walter  Ralegh, 
before  this  time  made  in  these  presents,  bee  not  expressed, 
or  any  other  grant,  ordinance,  provision,  proclamation,  or 
restraint  to  the  contrary  thereof,  before  this  time,  given, 
ordained,  or  provided,  or  any  other  thing,  cause,  or  matter 
whatsoever,  in  any  wise  notwithstanding.  In  witnesse 
whereof,  wee  have  caused  these  our  letters  to  be  made 
Patents.  Witnesse  our  selves,  at  Westminster  the  five 
Jnno  1584.  and  twentie  day  of  March,  in  the  sixe  and  twentith  yeere 
of  our  Raigne. 


296 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

1584. 


:>The  first  voyage  made  to  the  coasts  of  America,  [ill.  246.] 
with  two  barks,  where  in  were  Captaines  M. 
Philip  Amadas,  and  M.  Arthur  Barlowe,  who 
discovered  part  of  the  Countrey  now  called 
Virginia,  Anno  1584.  Written  by  one  of  the 
said  Captaines,  and  sent  to  sir  Walter  Ralegh 
knight,  at  whose  charge  and  direction,  the 
said  voyage  was  set  forth. 

IHe  27  day  of  Aprill,  in  the  yeere  of  our 
redemption,  1584  we  departed  the  West 
of  England,  with  two  barkes  well  fur- 
nished with  men  and  victuals,  having 
received  our  last  and  perfect  directions 
by  your  letters,  confirming  the  former 
instructions,  and  commandements  de- 
livered by  your  selfe  at  our  leaving  the  river  of  Thames. 
And  I  thinke  it  a  matter  both  unnecessary,  for  the  manifest 
discoverie  of  the  Countrey,  as  also  for  tediousnesse  sake, 
to  remember  unto  you  the  diurnall  of  our  course,  sayling 
thither  and  returning :  onely  I  have  presumed  to  present 
unto  you  this  briefe  discourse,  by  which  you  may  judge 
how  profitable  this  land  is  likely  to  succeede,  as  well  to 
your  selfe,  (by  whose  direction  and  charge,  and  by  whose 
servantes  this  our  discoverie  hath  beene  performed)  as  also 
to  her  Highnesse,  and  the  Common  wealth,  in  which  we 
hope  your  wisedome  wilbe  satisfied,  considering  that  as 
much  by  us  hath  bene  brought  to  light,  as  by  those  smal 
meanes,  and  number  of  men  we  had,  could  any  way  have 
bene  expected,  or  hoped  for. 

The  tenth  of  May  we  arrived  at  the  Canaries,  and  the 
tenth  of  June  in  this  present  yeere,  we  were  fallen  with 
the  Islands  of  the  West  Indies,  keeping  a  more  South-  A  Southerly 
easterly  course  then  was  needefuU,  because  wee  doubted  ^°^^'^^  '^°^ 
that  the  current  of  the  Bay  of  Mexico,  disbogging  be-  foryirgiJa. 
tweene    the   Cape  of  Florida  and   Havana,  had  bene  of 

297 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

greater  force  then  afterwardes  we  found  it  to   bee.     At 

which  Islands  we  found  the  ayre  very  unwholsome,  and 

our  men  grew   for   the   most  part  ill   disposed :  so  that 

having  refreshed   our  selves   with   sweet   water,   &  fresh 

victuall,  we  departed  the  twelfth  day  of  our  arrivall  there. 

These  Islands,  with  the  rest  adjoyning,  are  so  well  knowen 

to  your  selfe,  and  to  many  others,  as  I  will  not  trouble 

you  with  the  remembrance  of  them. 

A  szveet  smell       The  second  of  July,  we  found  shole  water,  wher  we 

frotn  t  e  an  .   gj^gij-  gQ  sweet,  and  so  strong  a  smel,  as  if  we  had  bene 

in  the  midst  of  some  delicate  garden  abounding  with  all 

kinde  of  odoriferous  flowers,  by  which  we  were  assured, 

that  the  land  could  not  be  farre  distant :  and  keeping  good 

watch,  and  bearing  but  slacke  saile,  the  fourth  of  the  same 

moneth  we  arrived  upon  the  coast,  which  we  supposed  to 

be  a  continent  and  firme  lande,  and  we  sayled  along  the 

same    a    hundred  and  twentie   EnMish   miles   before  we 

could  finde  any  entrance,  or  river   issuing  into  the  Sea. 

The  first         The  first  that  appeared  unto  us,  we  entred,  though  not 

river.  without  some  difficultie,  &  cast  anker  about  three  harque- 

buz-shot  within  the  havens  mouth,  on  the  left  hand  of 

the  same :  and  after  thankes  given  to  God  for  our  safe 

arrivall  thither,  we  manned  our  boats,  and  went  to  view 

"/a/jj  13/0J-  the  land  next  adjoyning,  and  "to  take  possession  of  the 

session  taken.     ^2cci\t.,  in  the  right  of  the  Queenes  most  excellent  Majestie, 

as  rightfuU  Queene,  and  Princesse  of  the  same,  and  after 

delivered  the  same   over  to  your  use,    according  to  her 

Majesties  grant,  and  letters  patents,  under  her  Highnesse 

great  Scale.     Which   being    performed,  according  to  the 

ceremonies  used  in  such  enterprises,  we  viewed  the  land 

about  us,  being,  whereas  we  first  landed,  very  sandie  and 

Abundance  of  low  towards  the  waters  side,  but  so  full  of  grapes,  as  the 

grapes.  very  beating  and  surge  of  the   Sea   overflowed   them,  of 

which  we  found  such  plentie,  as  well  there  as  in  all  places 

else,  both  on  the  sand  and  on  the  greene  soile  on  the  hils, 

as  in  the  plaines,  as  well  on  every  little  shrubbe,  as  also 

climing  towardes  the  tops  of  high  Cedars,  that  I  thinke  in 

all  the  world  the  like  abundance  is  not  to  be  found  :  and 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 
my  selfe  having  scene  those  parts  of  Europe  that  most 
abound,   find   such   difference    as    were    incredible   to   be 
written. 

We  passed  from  the  Sea  side  towardes  the  toppes  of  The  Isle  of 
those  hilles  next  adjoining,  being  but  of  meane  higth,  '^''«''«^«- 
and  from  thence  wee  behelde  the  Sea  on  both  sides  to 
the  North,  and  to  the  South,  finding  no  ende  any  of  both 
wayes.  This  lande  lay  stretching  it  selfe  to  the  West, 
which  after  wee  found  to  bee  but  an  Island  of  twentie 
miles  long,  and  not  above  sixe  miles  broade.  Under  the 
banke  or  hill  whereon  we  stoode,  we  behelde  the  vallyes 
replenished  with  goodly  Cedar  trees,  and  having  discharged 
our  harquebuz-shot,  such  a  flocke  of  Cranes  (the  most 
part  white)  arose  under  us,  with  such  a  cry  redoubled  by 
many  ecchoes,  as  if  an  armie  of  men  had  showted  all 
together. 

This  Island  had  many  goodly  woodes  full  of  Deere, 
Conies,  Hares,  and  Fowle,  even  in  the  middest  of  Summer 
in  incredible  abundance.      The  woodes   are  not  such  as 
you  finde  in  Bohemia,  Moscovia,  or  Hercynia,  barren  and 
fruitles,  but  the  highest  and  reddest  Cedars  of  the  world,  Goodl'j 
farre  bettering  the  Ceders  of  the  A9ores,  of  the  Indies,  or  ^^^'^"' 
Lybanus,  Pynes,  Cypres,  Sassaphras,  the  Lentisk,  or  the  ^assaphras    ' 
tree  that  beareth  the  Masticke,  the  tree  that  beareth  the 
rine  of  blacke  Sinamon,  of  which  Master  Winter  brought  [in.  247.] 
from  the  streights  of  Magellan,  and  many  other  of  excellent 
smell  and  qualitie.      We   remained  by  the  side  of  this 
Island  two  whole  dayes  before  we  saw  any  people  of  the 
Countrey  :  the  third  day  we  espied  one  small  boate  rowing 
towardes  us  having  in  it  three  persons :  this  boat  came  to 
the  Island  side,  foure  harquebuz-shot  from  our  shippes, 
and  there  two  of  the  people   remaining,  the  third  came 
along  the  shoreside  towards  us,  and  wee  being  then  all 
within  boord,  he  walked  up  and  downe  upon  the  point  of 
the  land   next  unto  us :  then  the  Master  and  the  Pilot  Conference 
of  the   Admirall,   Simon   Ferdinando,  and  the    Captaine  "^'^th  a  Savage. 
Philip  Amadas,  my  selfe,  and  others  rowed  to  the  land, 
whose  comming  this  fellow  attended,  never  making  any 

299 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

shewe  of  feare  or  doubt.     And  after  he  had  spoken  of 

many  things    not    understood    by    us,    we   brought  him 

with  his  owne  good  liking,  aboord  the  ships,  and  gave 

him  a  shirt,  a  hat  &  some  other  things,  and  made  him 

taste  of  our  wine,  and   our    meat,  which  he  liked   very 

wel :   and  after  having  viewed  both   barks,   he  departed, 

and  went  to  his  owne   boat   againe,   which  hee  had  left 

Abundance  0/  {n  a.  little  Cove    or    Creeke    adjoyning :    assoone  as  hee 

•^  was  two  bow  shoot  into  the    water,  he    fell    to    fishing, 

and  in    lesse    then    halfe    an    houre,    he    had    laden    his 

boate    as    deepe,    as    it   could   swimme,  with    which  hee 

came  againe    to    the   point  of  the    lande,   and    there   he 

devided  his    fish    into    two   parts,   pointing   one   part  to 

the  ship,  and  the    other    to   the    pinnesse :    which,   after 

he    had  (as    much    as    he    might)    requited    the    former 

benefites  received,  departed  out  of  our  sight. 

Th  arrival         Xhe  next  day  there  came  unto  us  divers  boates,  and 

ojtie   ings      j^  Qj^g    q£   ^]^gj^    ^]^g   Kings   brother,   accompanied  with 

uTOt/lBV  .  .  o  -'  JT 

fortie  or  fiftie  men,  very  handsome  and  goodly  people, 
and  in  their  behaviour  as  mannerly  and  civill  as  any  of 
.  Europe.  His  name  was  Granganimeo,  and  the  king  is 
called  Wingina,  the  countrey  Wingandacoa,  and  now  by 
her  Majestic  Virginia.  The  maner  of  his  comming  was 
in  this  sort :  hee  left  his  boates  altogether  as  the  first 
man  did  a  little  from  the  shippes  by  the  shore,  and 
came  along  to  the  place  over  against  the  ships, 
followed  with  fortie  men.  When  he  came  to  the  place, 
his  servants  spread  a  long  matte  upon  the  ground,  on 
which  he  sate  downe,  and  at  the  other  ende  of  the  matte 
foure  others  of  his  companie  did  the  like,  the  rest  of 
his  men  stood  round  about  him,  somewhat  a  farre  off: 
when  we  came  to  the  shore  to  him  with  our  weapons, 
hee  never  mooved  from  his  place,  nor  any  of  the  other 
foure,  nor  never  mistrusted  any  harme  to  be  ofFred 
from  us,  but  sitting  still  he  beckoned  us  to  come  and 
sit  by  him,  which  we  performed :  and  being  set  hee 
made  all  signes  of  joy  and  welcome,  striking  on  his  head 
and  his  breast   and  afterwardes   on   ours,   to   shewe   wee 

300 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 

were  all  one,  smiling  and  making  shewe  the  best  he 
could  of  all  love,  and  familiaritie.  After  hee  had  made 
a  long  speech  unto  us,  wee  presented  him  with  divers 
things,  which  hee  received  very  joyfully,  and  thankefully. 
None  of  the  company  durst  speake  one  worde  all  the 
time :  onely  the  foure  which  were  at  the  other  ende, 
spake  one  in  the  others  eare  very  softly. 

The  King  is  greatly  obeyed,  and  his  brothers  and 
children  reverenced :  the  King  himselfe  in  person  was 
at  our  being  there,  sore  wounded  in  a  fight  which  hee 
had  with  the  King  of  the  next  countrey,  called  Wingina, 
and  was  shot  in  two  places  through  the  body,  and  once 
cleane  through  the  thigh,  but  yet  he  recovered :  by 
reason  whereof  and  for  that  hee  lay  at  the  chiefe  towne 
of  the  countrey,  being  sixe  dayes  journey  off,  we  saw 
him  not  at  all. 

After  we  had  presented  this  his  brother  with  such 
things  as  we  thought  he  liked,  wee  likewise  gave  some- 
what to  the  other  that  sat  with  him  on  the  matte :  but 
presently  he  arose  and  tooke  all  from  them  and  put  it 
into  his  owne  basket,  making  signes  and  tokens,  that  all 
things  ought  to  bee  delivered  unto  him,  and  the  rest  were 
but  his  servants,  and  followers.  A  day  or  two  after  this, 
we  fell  to  trading  with  them,  exchanging  some  things  Traffickewith 
that  we  had,  for  Chamoys,  Buffe,  and  Deere  skinnes :  ^^^  Savages. 
when  we  shewed  him  all  our  packet  of  merchandize,  of 
all  things  that  he  sawe,  a  bright  tinne  dish  most  pleased 
him,  which  hee  presently  tooke  up' and  clapt  it  before  his  Time  much 
breast,  and  after  made  a  hole  in  the  brimme  thereof  and  ^•f^^^^^'^- 
hung  it  about  his  necke,  making  signes  that  it  would 
defende  him  against  his  enemies  arrowes :  for  those 
people  maintaine  a  deadly  and  terrible  warre,  with  the 
people  and  King  adjoyning.  We  exchanged  our  tinne 
dish  for  twentie  skinnes,  woorth  twentie  Crownes,  or 
twentie  Nobles :  and  a  copper  kettle  for  fiftie  skins 
woorth  fifty  Crownes.  They  offered  us  good  exchange 
for  our  hatchets,  and  axes,  and  for  knives,  and  would 
have  given  any  thing  for  swordes :  but  wee  would  not 

301 


A,D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

depart  with  any.  After  two  or  three  dayes  the  Kings 
brother  came  aboord  the  shippes,  and  dranke  wine,  and 
eat  of  our  meat  and  of  our  bread,  and  liked  exceedingly 
thereof:  and  after  a  few  dayes  overpassed,  he  brought 
his  wife  with  him  to  the  ships,  his  daughter  and  two  or 
three  children  :  his  wife  was  very  well  favoured,  of  meane 
stature,  and  very  bashfull :  shee  had  on  her  backe  a  long 
cloake  of  leather,  with  the  furre  side  next  to  her  body, 
and  before  her  a  piece  of  the  same :  about  her  forehead 
White  cordl  shee  had  a  bande  of  white  Corall,  and  so  had  her  husband 
Perks.  many  times :  in  her  eares  shee  had  bracelets  of  pearles 

[III.  248.]  hanging  downe  to  her  middle,  (whereof  wee  delivered 
your  worship  a  little  bracelet)  and  those  were  of  the 
bignes  of  good  pease.  The  rest  of  her  women  of  the 
better  sort  had  pendants  of  copper  hanging  in  either  eare, 
and  some  of  the  children  of  the  kings  brother  and  other 
noble  men,  have  five  or  sixe  in  either  eare :  he  himselfe 
had  upon  his  head  a  broad  plate  of  golde,  or  copper,  for 
being  unpolished  we  knew  not  what  mettal  it  should 
be,  neither  would  he  by  any  meanes  suffer  us  to  take  it 
off  his  head,  but  feeling  it,  it  would  bow  very  easily. 
His  apparell  was  as  his  wives,  onely  the  women  weare 
their  haire  long  on  both  sides,  and  the  men  but  on  one. 
They  are  of  colour  yellowish,  and  their  haire  black  for 
the  most  part,  and  yet  we  saw  children  that  had  very  fine 
aburne,  and  chestnut  coloured  haire. 

After  that  these  women  had  bene  there,  there  came 
downe  from  all  parts  great  store  of  people,  bringing  with 
them  leather,  corall,  divers  kindes  of  dies  very  excellent, 
and  exchanged  with  us :  but  when  Granganimeo  the 
kings  brother  was  present,  none  durst  trade  but  himselfe : 
except  such  as  weare  red  pieces  of  copper  on  their  heads 
like  himselfe :  for  that  is  the  difference  betweene  the 
noble  men,  and  the  governours  of  countreys,  and  the 
meaner  sort.  And  we  both  noted  there,  and  you  have 
understood  since  by  these  men,  which  we  brought  home, 
that  no  people  in  the  worlde  cary  more  respect  to  their 
King,  Nobilitie,  and  Governours,  then  these  doe.     The 

302 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 

Kings  brothers  wife,  when  she  came  to  us  (as  she  did 
many  times)  was  followed  with  forty  or  fifty  women 
alwayes :  and  when  she  came  into  the  shippe,  she  left 
them  all  on  land,  saving  her  two  daughters,  her  nurse 
and  one  or  two  more.  The  Kings  brother  alwayes  kept 
this  order,  as  many  boates  as  he  would  come  withall  to 
the  shippes,  so  many  fires  would  hee  make  on  the  shore 
a  farre  off,  to  the  end  we  might  understand  with  what 
strength  and  company  he  approched.  Their  boates  are 
made  of  one  tree,  either  of  Pine  or  of  Pitch  trees :  a  Pitch  trees ^ 
wood  not  commonly  knowen  to  our  people,  nor  found 
growing  in  England.  They  have  no  edge-tooles  to  make 
them  withall :  if  they  have  any  they  are  very  fewe,  and 
those  it  seemes  they  had  twentie  yeres  since,  which,  as 
those  two  men  declared,  was  out  of  a  wrake  which  hap- 
pened upon  their  coast  of  some  Christian  ship,  being 
beaten  that  way  by  some  storme  and  outragious  weather, 
whereof  none  of  the  people  were  saved,  but  only  the  ship, 
or  some  part  of  her  being  cast  upon  the  sand,  out  of 
whose  sides  they  drew  the  nayles  and  the  spikes,  and 
with  those  they  made  their  best  instruments.  The  man-  ^^^  manner 
ner  of  making  their  boates  is  thus  :  they  burne  downe 
some  great  tree,  or  take  such  as  are  winde  fallen,  and 
putting  gumme  and  rosen  upon  one  side  thereof,  they  set 
fire  into  it,  and  when  it  hath  burnt  it  hollow,  they  cut 
out  the  coale  with  their  shels,  and  ever  where  they  would 
burne  it  deeper  or  wider  they  lay  on  gummes,  which 
burne  away  the  timber,  and  by  this  meanes  they  fashion 
very  fine  boates,  and  such  as  will  transport  twentie  men. 
Their  oares  are  like  scoopes,  and  many  times  they  set 
with  long  pooles,  as  the  depth  serveth. 

The  Kings  brother  had  great  liking  of  our  armour,  a 
sword,  and  divers  other  things  which  we  had  :  and  offered 
to  lay  a  great  boxe  of  pearle  in  gage  for  them :  but  we 
refused  it  for  this  time,  because  we  would  not  make  them 
knowe,  that  we  esteemed  thereof,  untill  we  had  under- 
stoode  in  what  places  of  the  countrey  the  pearle  grew : 
which  now  your  Worshippe  doeth  very  well  understand. 

303 


of  making 
their  boates. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

He  was  very  just  of  his  promise :  for  many  times  we 
delivered  him  merchandize  upon  his  word,  but  ever  he 
came  within  the  day  and  performed  his  promise.  He 
sent  us  every  day  a  brase  or  two  of  fat  Bucks,  Conies, 
Hares,  Fish  the  best  of  the  world.  He  sent  us  divers 
kindes  of  fruites,  Melons,  Walnuts,  Cucumbers,  Gourdes, 
Pease,  and  divers  rootes,  and  fruites  very  excellent  good, 
and  of  their  Countrey  corne,  which  is  very  white,  faire 
and  well  tasted,  and  groweth  three  times  in  five  moneths : 
in  May  they  sow,  in  July  they  reape,  in  June  they  sow, 
in  August  they  reape :  in  July  they  sow,  in  September 
they  reape  :  onely  they  cast  the  corne  into  the  ground, 
breaking  a  little  of  the  soft  turfe  with  a  wodden  mattock, 
or  pickeaxe :  our  selves  prooved  the  soile,  and  put  some 
of  our  Pease  in  the  ground,  and  in  tenne  dayes  they  were 
of  fourteene  ynches  high :  they  have  also  Beanes  very 
faire  of  divers  colours  and  wonderfull  plentie :  some 
growing  naturally,  and  some  in  their  gardens,  and  so 
have  they  both  wheat  and  oates. 

The  soile  is  the  most  plentifull,  sweete,  fruitfull  and 
wholsome  of  all  the  worlde :  there  are  above  foureteene 
severall  sweete  smelling  timber  trees,  and  the  most  part  of 
their  underwoods  are  Bayes  and  such  like  :  they  have  those 
Okes  that  we  have,  but  farre  greater  and  better.  After 
they  had  bene  divers  times  aboord  our  shippes,  my  selfe, 
with  seven  more  went  twentie  mile  into  the  River,  that 
runneth  towarde  the  Citie  of  Skicoak,  which  River  they 
call  Occam  :  and  the  evening  following,  wee  came  to  an 
Roanoak  Island,  which  they  call  Raonoak,  distant  from  the  harbour 
Island.  \^y  which  we  entred,  seven  leagues  :  and  at  the  North  end 
thereof  was  a  village  of  nine  houses,  built  of  Cedar,  and 
fortified  round  about  with  sharpe  trees,  to  keepe  out  their 
enemies,  and  the  entrance  into  it  made  like  a  turne  pike 
very  artificially ;  when  wee  came  towardes  it,  standing 
[III.  249.]  neere  unto  the  waters  side,  the  wife  of  Granganimo  the 
kings  brother  came  running  out  to  meete  us  very  cheere- 
fully  and  friendly,  her  husband  was  not  then  in  the 
village ;  some   of  her  people  shee  commanded  to  drawe 

304 


A   VIRGINIAN   WARRIOR 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1584. 
our  boate  on  shore  for  the  beating  of  the  billoe :  others  The  great 
she    appointed    to   cary  us   on   their    backes   to    the  dry  ^^^dnesofthe 
ground,  and  others  to  bring  our  oares  into  the  house  for  ^A_ 
feare  of  stealing.     When  we  were  come   into  the  utter 
roome,  having  five  roomes  in  her  house,  she  caused  us  to 
sit  downe  by  a  great  fire,  and  after  tooke  ofF  our  clothes 
and  washed  them,  and  dryed  them  againe :  some  of  the 
women  plucked  off  our  stockings  and  washed  them,  some 
washed  our  feete  in  warme  water,  and  shee  her  selfe  tooke 
great  paines  to  see  all  things  ordered  in  the  best  maner 
shee  could,  making  great  haste  to  dresse  some  meate  for 
us  to  eate. 

After  we  had  thus  dryed  our  selves,  she  brought  us  A  solemn 
into  the  inner  roome,  where  shee  set  on  the  boord  stand-  ^^«'^^^- 
ing  along  the  house,  some  wheate  like  furmentie,  sodden 
Venison,  and  roasted,  fish  sodden,  boyled,  and  roasted. 
Melons  rawe,  and  sodden,  rootes  of  divers  kindes,  and 
divers  fruites :  their  drinke  is  commonly  water,  but  while 
the  grape  lasteth,  they  drinke  wine,  and  for  want  of  caskes 
to  keepe  it,  all  the  yere  after  they  drink  water,  but  it  is 
sodden  with  Ginger  in  it,  and  blacke  Sinamon,  and  some- 
times Sassaphras,  and  divers  other  wholesome,  and  medi- 
cinable  hearbes  and  trees.  We  were  entertained  with  all 
love  and  kindnesse,  and  with  as  much  bountie  (after  their 
maner)  as  they  could  possibly  devise.  We  found  the" 
people  most  gentle,  loving,  and  faithfull,  voide  of  all 
guile  and  treason,  and  such  as  live  after  the  maner  of  the 
golden  age.  The  people  onely  care  howe  to  defend 
themselves  from  the  cold  in  their  short  winter,  and  to 
feed  themselves  with  such  meat  as  the  soile  afFoordeth : 
there  meate  is  very  well  sodden  and  they  make  broth 
very  sweet  and  savorie  :  their  vessels  are  earthen  pots, 
very  large,  white  and  sweete,  their  dishes  are  wodden 
platters  of  sweet  timber :  within  the  place  where  they 
feede  was  their  lodging,  and  within  that  their  IdoU,  which  Their  Idole. 
they  worship,  of  whome  they  speake  incredible  things. 
While  we  were  at  meate,  there  came  in  at  the  gates  two 
or  three  men  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes  from  hunting, 
vm  305  ,    u 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

whom  when  wee  espied,  we  beganne  to  looke  one  to- 
wardes  another,  and  offered  to  reach  our  weapons :  but 
assoone  as  shee  espied  our  mistrust,  shee  was  very  much 
mooved,  and  caused  some  of  her  men  to  runne  out,  and 
take  away  their  bowes  and  arrowes  and  breake  them,  and 
withall  beate  the  poore  fellowes  out  of  the  gate  againe. 
When  we  departed  in  the  evening  and  would  not  tary  all 
night,  she  was  very  sory,  and  gave  us  into  our  boate  our 
supper  halfe  dressed,  pottes  and  all,  and  brought  us  to 
our  boate  side,  in  which  wee  lay  all  night,  remooving 
the  same  a  prettie  distance  from  the  shoare :  shee  per- 
ceiving our  jelousie,  was  much  greived,  and  sent  divers 
men  and  thirtie  women,  to  sit  all  night  on  the  banke  side 
by  us,  and  sent  us  into  our  boates  five  mattes  to  cover  us 
from  the  raine,  using  very  many  wordes  to  intreate  us  to 
rest  in  their  houses :  but  because  wee  were  fewe  men,  and 
if  wee  had  miscaried,  the  voyage  had  bene  in  very  great 
danger,  wee  durst  not  adventure  any  thing,  though  there 
was  no  cause  of  doubt :  for  a  more  kinde  and  loving 
people  there  can  not  be  found  in  the  worlde,  as  farre 
as  we  have  hitherto  had  triall. 

Beyond  this  Island  there  is  the  maine  lande,  and  over 
against  this  Island  falleth   into   this   spacious  water,   the 
great   river   called   Occam    by   the   inhabitants   on   which 
standeth  a  towne  called  Pomeiock,  &  sixe  dayes  journey 
Skicoaka  great  from  the  same  is  situate  their  greatest  citie,  called  Skicoak, 
town.  which    this    people    affirme    to   be    very    great:   but    the 

Savages  were  never  at  it,  only  they  speake  of  it  by  the 
report  of  their  fathers  and  other  men,  whom  they  have 
heard  affirme  it  to  bee  above  one  houres  journey 
about. 

Into  this  river  falleth  another  great  river,  called  Cipo, 
in  which  there  is  found  great  store  of  Muskles  in  which 
there  are  pearles :  likewise  there  descendeth  into  this 
Occam,  another  river,  called  Nomopana,  on  the  one  side 
whereof  standeth  a  great  towne  called  Chawanook,  and 
the  Lord  of  that  towne  and  countrey  is  called  Pooneno : 
this  Pooneno  is  not  subject  to  the  king  of  Wingandacoa, 

306 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 
but  is  a  free  Lord :  beyond  this  country  is  there  another 
king,  whom  they  cal  Menatonon,  and  these  three  kings 
are  in  league  with  each  other.     Towards  the  Southwest, 
foure   dayes  journey  is   situate  a  towne  called  Sequotan, 
which  is  the  Southermost  towne  of  Wingandacoa,  neere 
unto  which,  sixe  and  twentie  yeres  past  there  was  a  ship  -^  ^^^P  ^^^^ 
cast  away,  whereof  some  of  the  people  were  saved,  and  '^^^■^" 
those    were    white    people,    whom    the    countrey    people 
preserved. 

And  after  ten  dayes  remaining  in  an  out  Island 
unhabited,  called  Wocokon,  they  with  the  help  of  some 
of  the  dwellers  of  Sequotan,  fastened  two  boates  of  the 
countrey  together  &  made  mastes  unto  them,  and  sailes  of 
their  shirtes,  and  having  taken  into  them  such  victuals  as 
the  countrey  yeelded,  they  departed  after  they  had  re- 
mained in  this  out  Island  3  weekes :  but  shortly  after  it 
seemed  they  were  cast  away,  for  the  boates  were  found 
upon  the  coast,  cast  a  land  in  another  Island  adjoyning: 
other  then  these,  there  was  never  any  people  apparelled, 
or  white  of  colour,  either  scene  or  heard  of  amongst  these  [III.  250.] 
people,  and  these  aforesaid  were  scene  onely  of  the 
inhabitantes  of  Secotan,  which  appeared  to  be  very  true, 
for  they  wondred  marvelously  when  we  were  amongst 
them  at  the  whitenes  of  our  skins,  ever  coveting  to  touch 
our  breasts,  and  to  view  the  same.  Besides  they  had  our 
ships  in  marvelous  admiration,  &  all  things  els  were  so 
strange  unto  them,  as  it  appeared  that  none  of  them  had 
ever  scene  the  like.  When  we  discharged  any  piece, 
were  it  but  an  hargubuz,  they  would  tremble  thereat  for 
very  feare,  and  for  the  strangenesse  of  the  same :  for  the 
weapons  which  themselves  use  are  bowes  and  arrowes : 
the  arrowes  are  but  of  small  canes,  headed  with  a  sharpe 
shell  or  tooth  of  a  fish  sufficient  ynough  to  kill  a  naked 
man.  Their  swordes  be  of  wood  hardened  :  likewise  they  Their  wea- 
use  wooden  breastplates  for  their  defence.  They  have  P°^^- 
besides  a  kinde  of  club,  in  the  end  whereof  they  fasten 
the  sharpe  homes  of  a  stagge,  or  other  beast.  When 
they  goe  to  warres  they  cary  about  with  them  their  idol, 

307 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1584. 

of  whom  they  aske  counsel,  as  the  Romans  were  woont 
of  the  Oracle  of  Apollo.  They  sing  songs  as  they  march 
towardes  the  battell  in  stead  of  drummes  and  trumpets : 
their  warres  are  very  cruell  and  bloody,  by  reason  whereof, 
and  of  their  civill  dissentions  which  have  happened  of 
late  yeeres  amongst  them,  the  people  are  marvelously 
wasted,  and  in  some  places  the  countrey  left  desolate. 
Or  Pananu-  Adjoyning  to  this  countrey  aforesaid  called  Secotan 
^^°'^'  begin neth    a    countrey    called    Pomovik,    belonging    to 

another  king  whom  they  call  Piamacum,  and  this  king 
is  in  league  with  the  next  king  adjoyning  towards  the 
setting  of  the  Sunne,  and  the  countrey  Newsiok,  situate 
upon  a  goodly  river  called  Neus :  these  kings  have 
mortall  warre  with  Wingina  king  of  Wingandacoa :  but 
about  two  yeeres  past  there  was  a  peace  made  betweene 
the  King  Piemacum,  and  the  Lord  of  Secotan,  as  these 
men  which  we  have  brought  with  us  to  England,  have 
given  us  to  understand :  but  there  remaineth  a  mortall 
malice  in  the  Secotanes,  for  many  injuries  &  slaughters 
done  upon  them  by  this  Piemacum.  They  invited  divers 
men,  and  thirtie  women  of  the  best  of  his  countrey  to 
their  towne  to  a  feast:  and  when  they  were  altogether 
merry,  &  praying  before  their  Idol,  (which  is  nothing  els 
but  a  meer  illusion  of  the  devil)  the  captaine  or  Lord  of 
the  town  came  suddenly  upon  them,  and  slewe  them  every 
one,  reserving  the  women  and  children  :  and  these  two 
have  oftentimes  since  perswaded  us  to  surprize  Piemacum 
his  towne,  having  promised  and  assured  us,  that  there 
will  be  found  in  it  great  store  of  commodities.  But 
whether  their  perswasion  be  to  the  ende  they  may  be 
revenged  of  their  enemies,  or  for  the  love  they  beare 
to  us,  we  leave  that  to  the  tryall  hereafter. 

Beyond  this  Island  called  Roanoak,  are  maine  Islands 
very  plentifull  of  fruits  and  other  naturall  increases, 
together  with  many  townes,  and  villages,  along  the  side 
of  the  continent,  some  bounding  upon  the  Islands,  and 
some  stretching  up  further  into  the  land. 

When  we  first  had  sight  of  this  countrey,  some  thought 

308 


THE   FIRST   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1584. 
the  first  land  we  saw  to  bee  the  continent :  but  after  we 
entred  into  the  Haven,  we  saw  before  us  another  mighty 
long  Sea :  for  there  lyeth  along  the  coast  a  tracte  of  Islands, 
two  hundreth  miles  in  length,  adjoyning  to  the  Ocean  sea, 
and  betweene  the  Islands,  two  or  three  entrances :  when 
you  are  entred  betweene  them  (these  Islands  being  very 
narrow  for  the  most  part,  as  in  most  places  sixe  miles 
broad,  in  some  places  lesse,  in  fewe  more)  then  there 
appeareth  another  great  Sea,  containing  in  bredth  in  some 
places,  forty,  and  in  some  fifty,  in  some  twenty  miles 
over,  before  you  come  unto  the  continent :  and  in  this 
inclosed  Sea  there  are  above  an  hundreth  Islands  of  divers 
bignesses,  whereof  one  is  sixteene  miles  long,  at  which  Roanoak  six- 
we  were,  finding  it  a  most  pleasant  and  fertile  ground,  t^^^^^^^^^°''^g- 
replenished  with  goodly  Cedars,  and  divers  other  sweete 
woods,  full  of  Corrants,  of  flaxe,  and  many  other  notable 
commodities,  which  we  at  that  time  had  no  leasure  to 
view.  Besides  this  Island  there  are  many,  as  I  have  sayd, 
some  of  two,  or  three,  of  foure,  of  five  miles,  some 
more,  some  lesse,  most  beautifull  and  pleasant  to  behold, 
replenished  with  Deere,  Conies,  Hares  and  divers  beasts, 
and  about  them  the  goodliest  and  best  fish  in  the  world, 
and  in  greatest  abundance. 

Thus  Sir,  we  have  acquainted  you  with  the  particulars 
of  our  discovery,  made  this  present  voyage,  as  farre 
foorth  as  the  shortnesse  of  the  time  we  there  continued 
would  affoord  us  take  viewe  of:  and  so  contenting  our 
selves  with  this  service  at  this  time,  which  wee  hope 
hereafter  to  inlarge,  as  occasion  and  assistance  shalbe 
given,  we  resolved  to  leave  the  countrey,  and  to  apply 
our  selves  to  returne  for  England,  which  we  did 
accordingly,  and  arrived  safely  in  the  West  of  England 
about  the  middest  of  September. 

And  whereas  wee  have  above  certified  you  of  the 
countrey  taken  in  possession  by  us,  to  her  Majesties  use, 
and  so  to  yours  by  her  Majesties  grant,  wee  thought  good 
for  the  better  assurance  thereof  to  record  some  of  the 
particular  Gentlemen,  &  men  of  accompt,  who  then  were 

309 


A.D. 
1584. 


[III.  251.] 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

present,  as  witnesses  of  the  same,  that  thereby  all  occasion 
of  cavill  to  the   title   of  the   countrey,  in  her   Majesties 
behalfe  may  be  prevented,  which  otherwise,  such  as  like 
not  the  action  may  use  and  pretend,  whose  names  are : 
Master  Philip  Amadas, 
Master  Arthur  Barlow, 
William  Greenevile, 
John  Wood, 
James  Browewich, 
Henry  Greene, 
J  Benjamin  Wood, 
I  Simon  Ferdinando, 
Nicholas  Petman, 
John  Hewes, 

We  brought  home  also  two  of  the  Savages  being  lustie 
men,  whose  names  were  Wanchese  and  Manteo. 


Captaines. 


y  Of  the  companie. 


I 


The  voiage  made  by  Sir  Richard  Greenvile,  for  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh,  to  Virginia,  in  the  yeere  1585. 

[He  9.  day  of  April,  in  the  yeere  above- 
sayd,  we  departed  from  Plymmouth,  our 
Fleete  consisting  of  the  number  of  seven 
sailes,  to  wit,  the  Tyger,  of  the  burden 
of  seven  score  tunnes,  a  Flie-boat  called 
the  Roe-bucke,  of  the  like  burden,  the 
Lyon  of  a  hundred  tunnes  or  thereabouts, 
the  Elizabeth,  of  fiftie  tunnes,  and  the  Dorothie,  a 
small  barke :  whereunto  were  also  adjoyned  for  speedy 
services,  two  small  pinnesses.  The  principall  Gentlemen 
of  our  companie,  were  these,  M.  Ralph  Lane,  M. 
Tomas  Candish,  M.  John  Arundell,  M.  Raymund,  M. 
Stukeley,  M.  Bremige,  M.  Vincent,  and  M.  John 
Clarke,  and  divers  others,  whereof  some  were  Captaines, 
and  other  some  Assistants  for  counsell,  and  good  direc- 
tions in  the  voyage. 

The   14.  day  of   Aprill    wee    fell  with  Lancerota  and 
Forteventura,  Isles    of   the    Canaries,    and   from    thence 

310 


SIR  RICHARD   GRENVILLE  a.d. 

1585. 

we    continued    our    course    for    Dominica,   one    of   the 

Antiles    of   the   West    India,    wherewith  we  fell  the    7. 

day  of  May,  and  the   10.  day  following  wee  came  to  an 

anker  at  Cotesa,  a  little  Hand  situate  neere  to  the  Hand 

of  S.  John,   where    we  landed,   and  refreshed  our  selves 

all  that  day. 

The   12.  day  of   May  wee  came  to  an    anker   in  the 
Bay    of   Moskito,    in    the    Hand    of  S.   John,    within    a  They  land 
Faulcon   shot    of  the    shoare :    where    our   Generall    Sir  %°^  johTde 
Richard  Greenevil,  and   the  most  part  of  our  companie  Porto  Rico. 
landed,  and  began  to  fortifie  very  neere  to  the  Sea  side : 
the    river  ran   by  the   one    side    of   our  forte,   and    the 
other  two  sides  were  invironed  with  woods. 

The  13.  day  we  began  to  build  a  new  pinnesse  within 
the  Fort,  with  the  timber  that  wee  then  felled  in  the 
countrey,  some  part  whereof  we  fet  three  miles  up  in 
the  land,  and  brought  it  to  our  Fort  upon  trucks,  the 
Spaniard  not  daring  to  make  or  offer   resistance. 

The  16.  day  there  appeared  unto  us  out  of  the  woods 
eight  horsemen  of  the  Spaniards,  about  a  quarter  of  a 
mile  from  our  Fort,  staying  about  halfe  an  houre  in 
viewing  our  forces :  but  assoone  as  they  saw  ten  of  our 
shot  marching  towards  them,  they  presently  retired  into 
the  woods. 

The  19.  day  Master  Candish,  who  had  bene  separated 
from  our  fleete  in  a  storme  in  the  Bay  of  Portugall, 
arrived  at  Cotesa,  within  the  sight  of  the  Tiger :  we 
thinking  him  a  farre  off  to  have  beene  either  a  Spaniard 
or  Frenchman  of  warre,  thought  it  good  to  weigh  ankers, 
and  to  goe  roome  with  him,  which  the  Tiger  did,  and 
discerned  him  at  last  to  be  one  of  our  consorts,  for  joy 
of  whose  comming  our  ships  discharged  their  ordinance, 
and  saluted  him  according  to  the  maner  of  the  Seas. 

The  22.  day  twentie  other  Spanish  horsemen  shewed 
themselves  to  us  upon  the  other  side  of  the  river :  who 
being  seene,  our  Generall  dispatched  20.  footemen  to- 
wards them,  and  two  horsmen  of  ours,  mounted  upon 
Spanish  horses,  which  wee  before  had  taken  in  the  time 

311 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585. 

of  our  being  on  the  Hand :  they  shewed  to  our  men 
a  flagge  of  truce,  and  made  signes  to  have  a  parle  with 
us :  whereupon  two  of  our  men  went  halfe  of  the  way 
upon  the  sands,  and  two  of  theirs  came  and  met  them : 
the  two  Spaniards  offered  very  great  salutations  to  our 
men,  but  began  according  to  their  Spanish  proud  humors, 
to  expostulate  with  them  about  their  arrivall  and  forti- 
fying in  their  countrey,  who  notwithstanding  by  our 
mens  discreet  answers  were  so  cooled,  that  (whereas 
they  were  told,  that  our  principall  intention  was  onely 
to  furnish  our  selves  with  water  and  victuales,  and  other 
necessaries,  wherof  we  stood  in  neede,  which  we  craved 
might  be  yeelded  us  with  faire  and  friendly  meanes, 
otherwise   our   resolution  was    to   practise   force,    and   to 

[III.  252.]  relieve  ourselves  by  the  sworde)  the  Spaniards  in  con- 
clusion seeing  our  men  so  resolute,  yeelded  to  our 
requestes  with  large  promises  of  all  curtesie,  and  great 
favour,  and  so  our  men  and  theirs  departed. 

The  23.  day  our  pinnesse  was  finished,  and  lanched  : 
which  being  done,  our  Generall  with  his  Captaines  and 
Gentlemen,  marched  up  into  the  Countrey  about  the 
space  of  4.  miles,  where  in  a  plaine  marsh  they  stayed 
expecting  the  comming  of  the  Spaniards  according  to 
their  promise,  to  furnish  us  with  victuals :  who  keeping 
their  olde  custome  for  perjurie  and  breach  of  promise, 
came  not,  whereupon  our  Generall  fired  the  woods  there- 
about, and  so  retired  to  our  Fort,  which  the  same  day 
was  fired  also,  and  each  man  came  aboord  to  be  ready 
to  set  saile  the  next  morning. 

The  29.  day  wee  set  saile  from  Saint  Johns,  being 
many  of  us  stung  before  upon  shoare  with  the  Muskitos : 
but  the  same  night  wee  tooke  a  Spanish  Frigat,  which 
was  forsaken  by  the  Spaniards  upon  the  sight  of  us, 
and  the  next  day  in  the  morning  very  early  we  tooke 
another  Frigat,  with  good  and  rich  fraight,  and  divers 
Spaniards  of  account  in  her,  which  afterwards  wee 
ransomed  for  good  round  summes,  and  landed  them 
in  S.  Johns. 

312 


SIR   RICHARD   GRENVILLE  ad. 

1585. 
The  26.  day  our  Lieutenant  Master  Ralph  Lane  went 
in  one  of  the  Frigats  which  we  had  taken,  to  Roxo 
bay  upon  the  Southwest  side  of  Saint  Johns,  to  fetch 
salt,  being  thither  conducted  by  a  Spanish  Pilot :  as 
soone  as  hee  arrived  there,  hee  landed  with  his  men 
to  the  number  of  20.  and  intrenched  himselfe  upon 
the  sandes  immediatly,  compassing  one  of  their  sake 
hils  within  the  trench :  who  being  seene  of  the  Spaniards, 
there  came  downe  towardes  him  two  or  three  troopes  of 
horsemen  and  footmen,  who  gave  him  the  looking,  and 
gazing  on,  but  durst  not  come  neere  him  to  offer  any 
resistance,  so  that  Master  Lane  maugre  their  troopes, 
caryed  their  salte  aboord  and  laded  his  Frigat,  and  so 
returned  againe  to  our  fleete  the  29.  day,  which  road 
at  S.  Germans  Bay.  The  same  day  we  all  departed, 
and  the  next  day  arrived  in  the  Hand  of  Hispaniola. 

June. 

THe  I.  day  of  June  we  anchored  at  Isabella,  on  the 
North  side  of  Hispaniola. 

The  3.  day  of  June,  the  Governour  of  Isabella,  and 
Captaine  of  the  Port  de  Plata,  being  certified  by  the 
reports  of  sundry  Spaniards,  who  had  beene  well  inter- 
tained  aboord  our  shippes  by  our  Generall,  that  in  our 
fleete  were  many  brave  and  gallant  Gentlemen,  who 
greatly  desired  to  see  the  Governour  aforesayd,  he 
thereupon  sent  gentle  commendations  to  our  Generall, 
promising  within  few  dayes  to  come  to  him  in  person, 
which  he  perfourmed  accordingly. 

The  5.  day  the  aforesayd  Governour  accompanied 
with  a  lusty  Fryer,  and  twenty  other  Spaniards,  with 
their  servants,  and  Negroes,  came  downe  to  the  Sea 
side,  where  our  ships  road  at  anker,  who  being  seene, 
our  Generall  manned  immediatly  the  most  part  of  his 
boates  with  the  chiefe  men  of  our  Fleete,  every  man 
appointed,  and  furnished  in  the  best  sort :  at  the  landing 
of  our  Generall,  the  Spanish  governour  received  him 
very   courteously,    and    the    Spanish    Gentlemen    saluted 

313 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1585. 

our  English  Gentlemen,  and  their  inferiour  sort  did 
also  salute  our  Souldiers  and  Sea  men,  liking  our  men, 
and  likewise  their  qualities,  although  at  the  first  they 
seemed  to  stand  in  feare  of  us,  and  of  so  many  of  our 
boates,  whereof  they  desired  that  all  might  not  land 
their  men,  yet  in  the  end,  the  courtesies  that  passed 
on  both  sides  were  so  great,  that  all  feare  and  mistrust 
on  the  Spaniards  part  was  abandoned. 

In  the  meane  time  while  our  English  Generall  and 
the  Spanish  Governour  discoursed  betwixt  them  of  divers 
matters,  as  of  the  state  of  the  Countrey,  the  multitude 
of  the  Townes  and  people,  and  the  commodities  of  the 
Hand,  our  men  provided  two  banquetting  houses  covered 
with  greene  boughes,  the  one  for  the  Gentlemen,  the 
other  for  the  servaunts,  and  a  sumptuous  banquet  was 
brought  in  served  by  us  all  in  plate,  with  the  sound 
of  trumpets,  and  consort  of  musicke,  wherwith  the 
Spaniards  were  more  then  delighted.  Which  banquet 
being  ended,  the  Spaniardes  in  recompence  of  our 
courtesie,  caused  a  great  heard  of  white  buls,  and  kyne 
to  be  brought  together  from  the  mountaines,  and  ap- 
poynted  for  every  Gentleman  and  Captaine  that  would 
ride,  a  horse  ready  sadled,  and  then  singled  out  three  of 
the  best  of  them  to  bee  hunted  by  horsemen  after  their 
maner,  so  that  the  pastime  grewe  very  pleasant  for  the 
space  of  three  houres,  wherein  all  three  of  the  beasts 
were  killed,  whereof  one  tooke  the  Sea,  and  there  was 
slaine  with  a  musket.  After  this  sport,  many  rare  pre- 
sents and  gifts  were  given  and  bestowed  on  both  parts, 
and  the  next  day  wee  played  the  Marchants  in  bargaining 
with  them  by  way  of  trucke  and  exchange  of  divers  of 
their  commodities,  as  horses,  mares,  kine,  buls,  goates, 
swine,  sheepe,  bull-hides,  sugar,  ginger,  pearle,  tabacco, 
and  such  like  commodities  of  the  Hand. 

The  7.  day  we  departed  with  great  good  will  from  the 
Spaniards  from  the  Hand  of  Hispaniola :  but  the  wiser 
sort  doe  impute  this  great  shew  of  friendship,  and 
courtesie  used  towards  us  by  the  Spaniards  rather  to  the 

314 


SIR  RICHARD   GRENVILLE  ad. 

^585. 
force  that  wee  were  of,  and  the  vigilancie,  and  watchful-  [III.  253.] 
nesse  that  was  amongst  us,  then  to  any  heartie  good  will, 
or  sure  friendly  intertainement :  for  doubtlesse  if  they 
had  bene  stronger  then  wee,  wee  might  have  looked  for 
no  better  curtesie  at  their  handes,  then  Master  John 
Haukins  received  at  Saint  John  de  Ullua,  or  John  Oxnam 
neere  the  streights  of  Dariene,  and  divers  others  of  our 
Countrymen  in  other  places. 

The  8.  day  we  ankred  at  a  small  Hand  to  take  Seales, 
which  in  that  place  wee  understood  to  have  bene  in  great 
quantitie,  where  the  Generall  and  certaine  others  with  him 
in  the  pinnesse  were  in  very  great  danger  to  have  beene 
all  cast  away,  but  by  the  helpe  of  God  they  escaped  the 
hasard,  and  returned  aboord  the  Admirall  in  safetie. 

The  9,  day  we  arrived  and  landed  in  the  He  of  Caycos,  ^%  ^^nd  07i 
in  which  Hand  we  searched  for   salte-pondes,  upon  the  ^^^  l^^^  °f 
advertisment   and    information   of  a   Portugall :    who   in 
deede  abused  our  Generall  and  us,  deserving  a  halter  for 
his  hire,  if  it  had  so  pleased  us. 

The   12.  we  ankered  at  Guanima,  and  landed.  Guanima. 

The   15.  and   16.  we  ankered  and  landed  at  Cyguateo.  Cyguateo. 

The  20.  we  fell  with  the  maine  of  Florida. 

The  23.  we  were  in  great  danger  of  a  wracke  on  a 
breach  called  the  Cape  of  Feare. 

The  24.  we  came  to  anker  in  a  harbour,  where  wee 
caught  in  one  tyde  so  much  fish  as  would  have  yeelded 
us  twentie  pounds  in  London  :  this  was  our  first  landing  They  land  in 
in  Florida.  Florida. 

The  26.  we  came  to  anker  at  Wocokon. 

The  29.  wee  weighed  anker  to  bring  the  Tyger  into 
the  harbour,  where  through  the  unskilfulnesse  of  the 
Master  whose  name  was  Fernando,  the  Admirall  strooke 
on  ground,  and  sunke. 

The  3.  we  sent  word  of  our  arriving  at  Wococon,  to  July. 
Wingina  at  Roanoak. 

The  6.  M.  John  Arundel  was  sent  to  the  maine,  and 
Manteo  with  him :  and  Captaine  Aubry  and  Captaine 
Boniten  the  same  day  were  sent  to  Croatoan,  where  they 

315 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585. 

lOund    two    of  our  men  left    there   with    30.   other    by 
Captaine  Reymond,  some  20.  dayes  before. 

The  8.  Captaine  Aubry  and  Captaine  Boniten  re- 
turned, with  two  of  our  men  found  by  them,  to  us  at 
Wocokon. 

The  II.  day  the  Generall  accompanied  in  his  Tilt 
boate  with  Master  John  Arundell,  Master  Stukeley,  and 
divers  other  Gentlemen,  Master  Lane,  Master  Candish, 
Master  Hariot,  and  twentie  others  in  the  new  pinnesse, 
Captaine  Amadas,  Captaine  Clarke,  with  ten  others  in  a 
shipboat,  Francis  Brooke,  and  John  White  in  another 
ship-boate,  passed  over  the  water  from  Wococon  to  the 
maine  land  victualled  for  eight  dayes,  in  which  voyage  we 
first  discovered  the  townes  of  Pomejok,  Aquascogoc  and 
Secotan,  and  also  the  great  lake  called  by  the  Savages 
Paquipe,  with  divers  other  places,  and  so  returned  with 
that  discovery  to  our  Fleete. 

The   12.  we  came  to  the  Towne  of  Pomeiok. 

The   13.  we  passed  by  water  to  Aquascogok. 

The  15.  we  came  to  Secotan,  and  were  well  enter- 
tained there  of  the  Savages. 

The  16.  wee  returned  thence,  and  one  of  our  boates 
with  the  Admirall  was  sent  to  Aquascogok,  to  demaund 
a  silver  cup  which  one  of  the  Savages  had  stollen  from  us, 
and  not  receiving  it  according  to  his  promise,  wee  burnt, 
and  spoyled  their  corne,  and  Towne,  all  the  people  being 
fled. 

The  18.  we  returned  from  the  discovery  of  Secotan, 
and  the  same  day  came  aboord  our  Fleete  ryding  at 
Wococon. 

The  21.  our  Fleete  ankering  at  Wococon,  we  wayed 
anker  for  Hatoraske. 

The  27.  our  Fleete  ankered  at  Hatorask,  and  there  we 
rested. 

The    29.    Grangino    brother    to    king    Wingina    came 
aboord  the  Admirall,  and  Manteo  with  him. 
August.        The  2.  the  Admirall  was  sent  to  Weapomeiok. 

The  5.   M.   John  Arundell  was  sent  for  England. 

316 


SIR   RICHARD   GRENVILLE 


A.D. 

1585. 


The  25.  our  Generall  wayed  anker,  and  set  saile  for 
England. 

About  the  31.  he  tooke  a  Spanish  ship  of  300  tunne 
richly  loaden,  boording  her  with  a  boate  made  with  boards 
of  chests,  which  fell  asunder,  and  sunke  at  the  ships  side, 
assoone  as  ever  he  and  his  men  were  out  of  it. 

The   10.  of  September,  by  foule  weather  the  Generall  September. 
then  shipped  in  the  prize,  lost  sight  of  the  Tyger. 

The  6.  the  Tyger  fell  with  the  Landes  end,  and  the  October. 
same  day  came  to  anker  at  Falmouth. 

The  18.  the  General  came  with  the  prize  to  Plymmouth, 
and  was  courteously  received  by  divers  of  his  worship- 
full  friends. 


The  names  of  those  as  well  Gentlemen  as  others,  [III.  254.] 
that    remained   one   whole   yeere    in   Virginia, 
under    the    Governement    of    Master    Ralph 
Lane. 


M 


Aster  Philip  Amadas, 
Admirall  of  the  coun- 


trey. 
Master  Hariot. 
Master  Acton. 
Master  Edward  Stafford. 
Thomas  Luddington. 
Master  Marvyn. 
Master  Gardiner. 
Captaine  Vaughan. 
Master  Kendall. 
Master  Prideox. 
Robert  Holecroft. 
Rise  Courtney. 
Master  Hugh  Rogers. 
Master  Thomas  Harvie. 
Master  Snelling. 
Master  Anthony  Russe. 
Master  Allyne. 


Richard  Gilbert. 
Steven  Pomarie. 
John  Brocke. 
Bennet  Harrie. 
James  Stevenson. 
Charles  Stevenson. 
Christopher  Lowde. 
Jeremie  Man. 
James  Mason. 
David  Salter. 
Richard  Ireland. 
Thomas  Bookener. 
William  Philips. 
Randall  Mayne. 
James  Skinner. 
George  Eseven. 
John  Chandeler. 
Philip  Blunt. 
Richard  Poore. 


317 


A.D.                          THE    ENGl^J 

LSH    VOYAGES 

[585. 

Master  Michael  Polison. 

Robert  Yong. 

John  Cage. 

Marmaduke  Constable, 

Thomas  Parre. 

Thomas  Hesket. 

William  Randes. 

William  Wasse. 

GefFerey  Churchman. 

John  Fever. 

William  Farthow. 

Daniel. 

John  Taylor. 

Thomas  Taylor. 

Philip  Robyns. 

Richard  Humfrey. 

Thomas  Philips. 

John  Wright. 

Valentine  Beale. 

Gabriel  North. 

Thomas  Foxe, 

Bennet  Chappell. 

Darby  Glande. 

Richard  Sare, 

Edward  Nugen. 

James  Lacie. 

Edward  Kelley. 

Smolkin. 

John  Gostigo. 

Thomas  Smart. 

Erasmus  Clefs. 

Robert. 

Edward  Ketcheman. 

John  Evans. 

John  Linsey. 

Roger  Large. 

Thomas  Rottenbury. 

Humfrey  Garden. 

Roger  Deane. 

Francis  Whitton. 

John   Harris. 

Rowland  Griffyn. 

Francis  Norris. 

William  Millard. 

Matthew  Lyne. 

John  Twit. 

Edward  Kettell. 

Edward  Seclemore. 

Thomas  Wisse. 

John  Anwike. 

Robert  Biscombe. 

Christopher  Marshall. 

William  Backhouse. 

David  Williams. 

William  White. 

Nicholas  Swabber. 

Henry  Potkin. 

Edward  Chipping. 

Dennis  Barnes. 

Silvester  Beching. 

Joseph  Borges. 

Vincent  Cheyne. 

Dougham  Cannes. 

Hance  Walters. 

William  Tenche. 

Edward  Barecombe. 

Randall  Latham. 

Thomas  Skeuelabs. 

Thomas  Hulme. 

William  Walters. 

Walter  Mill. 

318 


LETTER  FROM  RALPH  LANE 


A.D. 
1585. 


An  extract  of  Master  Ralph  Lanes  letter  to  M. 
Richard  Hakluyt  Esquire,  and  another  Gentle- 
man of  the  middle  Temple,  from  Virginia. 

N  the  meane  while  you  shall  understand, 
that  since  Sir  Richard  Greenvils  departure 
from  us,  as  also  before,  we  have  dis- 
covered the  maine  to  be  the  goodliest 
oyle  under  the  cope  of  heaven,  so 
abounding  with  sweete  trees,  that  bring 
such  sundry  rich  and  pleasant  gummes, 
grapes  of  such  greatnesse,  yet  wilde,  as  France,  Spaine  nor 
Italie  have  no  greater,  so  many  sorts  of  Apothecarie  drugs, 
such  severall  kindes  of  flaxe,  &  one  kind  like  silke,  the 
same  gathered  of  a  grasse,  as  common  there,  as  grasse  is 
here.  And  now  within  these  few  dayes  we  have  found 
here  Maiz  or  Guinie  wheate,  whose  eare  yeeldeth  corne 
for  bread  400.  upon  one  eare,  and  the  Cane  maketh  very 
good  and  perfect  sugar,  also  Terra  Samia,  otherwise  Terra 
sigillata.  Besides  that,  it  is  the  goodliest  and  most 
pleasing  Territorie  of  the  world :  for  the  continent  is 
of  an  huge  and  unknowen  greatnesse,  and  very  well 
peopled  and  towned,  though  savagely,  and  the  climate 
so  wholsome,  that  wee  had  not  one  sicke  since  we 
touched  the  land  here.  To  conclude,  if  Virginia  had 
but  horses  and  kine  in  some  reasonable  proportion,  I  dare 
assure  my  selfe  being  inhabited  with  English,  no  realme 
in  Christendome  were  comparable  to  it.  For  this  already  [III.  255.] 
we  finde,  that  what  commodities  soever  Spaine,  France, 
Italy,  or  the  East  partes  doe  yeeld  unto  us,  in  wines  of 
all  sortes,  in  oyles,  in  flaxe,  in  rosens,  pitch,  frankensence.  The  rich  and 
corrans,  sugers,  and  such  like,  these  parts  doe  abound  ^^^^V°ld- com- 
with  the  growth  of  them  all,  but  being  Savages  that 
possesse  the  land,  they  know  no  use  of  the  same.  And 
sundry  other  rich  commodities,  that  no  parts  of  the 
world,  be  they  West  or  East  Indies,  have,  here  wee  finde 
great   abundance    of.       The    people    naturally   are    most 

319 


modittes  of 
Firginia. 


A.D. 
1585. 

Commodities 
Jit  to  carie  to 
Virginia. 


2,  parts  of 
this  discourse. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

courteous,  and  very  desirous  to  have  clothes,  but  especially 
of  course  cloth  rather  then  silke,  course  canvas  they  also 
like  well  of,  but  copper  caryeth  the  price  of  all,  so  it 
be  made  red.  Thus  good  M.  Hakluyt  and  M.  H. 
I  have  joyned  you  both  in  one  letter  of  remembrance, 
as  two  that  I  love  dearely  well,  and  commending  me  most 
heartily  to  you  both,  I  commit  you  to  the  tuition  of  the 
Almightie.  From  the  new  Fort  in  Virginia,  this  third 
of  September,  1585. 

Your  most  assured  friend  Ralph  Lane. 

An  account  of  the  particularities  of  the  im- 
ployments  of  the  English  men  left  in  Virginia 
by  Sir  Richard  Greenevill  under  the  charge 
of  Master  Ralph  Lane  Generall  of  the  same, 
from  the  17.  of  August  1585.  until  the  18. 
of  June  1586.  at  which  time  they  departed 
the  Countrey :  sent  and  directed  to  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh. 

Hat  I  may  proceede  with  order  in  this 
discourse,  I  thinke  it  requisite  to  divide 
it  into  two  parts.  The  first  shall  de- 
clare the  particularities  of  such  parts 
of  the  Countrey  within  the  maine,  as 
our  weake  number,  and  supply  of  things 
necessarie  did  inable  us  to  enter  into  the 
discovery  of. 

The  second  part  shall  set  downe  the  reasons  generally 
moving  us  to  resolve  on  our  departure  at  the  instant 
with  the  Generall  Sir  Francis  Drake,  and  our  common 
request  for  passage  with  him,  when  the  barkes,  pinnesses, 
and  boates  with  the  Masters  and  Mariners  meant  by  him 
to  bee  left  in  the  Countrey,  for  the  supply  of  such,  as  for 
a  further  time  meant  to  have  stayed  there,  were  caryed 
away  with  tempest  and  foule  weather:  In  the  beginning 
whereof  shall  bee  declared  the  conspiracie  of  Pemisapan, 
with  the  Savages  of  the  maine  to  have  cut  us  off,  &c. 

320 


A.D. 
1585-86. 


RALPH   LANE 

The  first   part  declaring  the  particularities  of  the 
Countrey  of  Virginia. 

Irst  therefore  touching  the  particularities 
of  the  Countrey,  you  shall  understand 
that  our  discoverie  of  the  same  hath 
beene  extended  from  the  Hand  of  Roan- 
oak,  (the  same  having  bene  the  place  of 
our  settlement  or  inhabitation)  into  the 
South,  into  the  North,  into  the  North- 
west, and  into  the  West. 

The  uttermost  place  to  the  Southward  of  any  discovery 
was  Secotan,  being  by  estimation  fourescore  miles  distant 
from  Roanoak.  The  passage  from  thence  was  through 
a  broad  sound  within  the  mayne,  the  same  being  without 
kenning  of  lande,  and  yet  full  of  flats  and  shoalds :  we 
had  but  one  boate  with  foure  oares  to  passe  through  the 
same,  which  boate  could  not  carry  above  fifteene  men 
with  their  furniture,  baggage,  and  victuall  for  seven  dayes 
at  the  most :  and  as  for  our  pinnesse,  besides  that  she 
drew  too  deep  water  for  that  shallow  sound,  she  would 
not  stirre  for  an  oare :  for  these  and  other  reasons  (winter 
also  being  at  hand)  we  thought  good  wholly  to  leave  the 
discovery  of  those  parts  untill  our  stronger  supply. 

To  the  Northward  our  furthest  discovery  was  to  the 
Chesepians,  distant  from  Roanoak  about  130.  miles,  the 
passage  to  it  was  very  shallow  and  most  dangerous,  by 
reason  of  the  bredth  of  the  sound,  and  the  little  succour 
that  upon  any  flawe  was  there  to  be  had. 

But  the  Territorie  and  soyle  of  the  Chesepians  (being 
distant  fifteene  miles  from  the  shoare)  was  for  pleasantnes  The  excellen- 
of  seate,  for  temperature  of  Climate,  for  fertilitie  of  soyle,  "yftheseate 
and  for  the  commoditie  of  the  Sea,  besides  multitude  of  ^      e^^P^o"  ■ 
Beares  (being  an  excellent  good  victuall)  with  great  woods 
of  Sassafras,  and  Wallnut  trees,  is  not  to  be  excelled  by 
any  other  whatsoever. 

There  be  sundry  Kings,  whom  they  call  Weroances, 
and  Countrey s  of  great  fertility  adjoyning  to  the  same,  as 

VIII  321  X 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

the  Mandoages,  Tripanicks,  and  Opossians,  which  all  came 
to  visite  the  Colonic  of  the  English,  which  I  had  for  a 
time  appointed  to  be  resident  there. 

To  the  Northwest  the  farthest  place  of  our  discovery- 
was  to  Chawanook  distant  from  Roanoak  about  130. 
miles.  Our  passage  thither  lyeth  through  a  broad  sound, 
but  all  fresh  water,  and  the  chanell  of  a  great  depth, 
navigable  for  good  shipping,  but  out  of  the  chanell  full 
of  shoalds. 
[III.  256.]  The  Townes   about   the   waters    side  situated  by  the 

way  are  these  following :  Passaquenoke  The  womans 
Towne,  Chepanoc,  Weapomeiok,  Muscamunge,  & 
Metackwem :  all  these  being  under  the  jurisdiction  of 
the  king  of  Weapomeiok,  called  Okisco :  from  Musca- 
munge we  enter  into  the  River,  and  jurisdiction  of 
Chawanook:  There  the  River  beginneth  to  straighten 
untill  it  come  to  Chawanook,  and  then  groweth  to 
be  as  narrow  as  the  Thames  betewene  Westminster,  and 
Lambeth. 

Betwene  Muscamunge  and  Chawanook  upon  the  left 
hand  as  wee  passe  thither,  is  a  goodly  high  land,  and 
there  is  a  Towne  which  we  called  The  blinde  Towne, 
but  the  Savages  called  it  Ohanoak,  and  hath  a  very 
goodly  corne  field  belonging  unto  it :  it  is  subject  to 
Chawanook. 
The  towne  of  Chawanook  it  selfe  is  the  greatest  Province  &  Seie:- 
L.nawanoo/i      niorie  lying  upon  that  River,  and  the  very  Towne  it  selfe 

CIuIB  to  THClkB        .  /oi  ^         '  ^  J 

700.  men  of    '^^  '^^  ^°  P^^  7*^*^-  %hting  men  into  the  fielde,  besides 

warre.  the  force  of  the  Province  it  selfe. 

The  King  of  the  sayd  Province  is  called  Menatonon, 
a  man  impotent  in  his  lims,  but  otherwise  for  a  Savage,  a 
very  grave  and  wise  man,  and  of  a  very  singular  good 
discourse  in  matters  concerning  the  state,  not  onely  of  his 
owne  Countrey,  and  the  disposition  of  his  owne  men,  but 
also  of  his  neighbours  round  about  him  as  well  farre  as 
neere,  and  of  the  commodities  that  eache  Countrey 
yeeldeth.  When  I  had  him  prisoner  with  me,  for  two 
dayes  that  we  were  together,  he  gave  mee  more  under- 

322 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

standing  and  light  of  the  Countrey  then  I  had  received 

by  all  the  searches  and  Savages  that  before  I  or  any  of  my 

companie  had  had  conference  with :  it  was  in  March  last 

past    1586.      Amongst  other   things   he    tolde    me,   that 

going  three  dayes  journey  in  a  Canoa,  up  his  River  of 

Chawanookj  and   then  descending   to   the  land,  you  are 

within  foure  dayes  journey  to  passe  over  land  Northeast 

to  a  certaine  Kings  countrey,  whose  Province  lyeth  upon 

the  Sea,  but  his  place  of  greatest  strength  is  an  Island  ^»  ^^^^'^  ^'« 

situate,  as  hee  described  unto  mee,  in  a  Bay,  the  water  ^    ^^' 

round  about  the  Island  very  deepe. 

Out  of  this  Bay  hee  signified  unto  mee,  that  this  dearies  in  ex- 
King  had  so  great  quantitie  of  Pearle,  and  doeth  so  ^y  ^^^  ^^^^' 
ordinarily  take  the  same,  as  that  not  onely  his  owne 
skinnes  that  hee  weareth,  and  the  better  sort  of  his 
gentlemen  and  followers  are  full  set  with  the  sayd 
Pearle,  but  also  his  beds,  and  houses  are  garnished  with 
them,  and  that  hee  hath  such  quantitie  of  them,  that 
it  is  a  wonder  to  see. 

He  shewed  me  that  the  sayd  King  was  with  him  at 
Chawanook  two  yeeres  before,  &  brought  him  certaine 
Pearle,  but  the  same  of  the  worst  sort,  yet  was  he 
faine  to  buy  them  of  him  for  copper  at  a  deere  rate,  as 
he  thought.  Hee  gave  mee  a  rope  of  the  same  pearle, 
but  they  were  blacke,  and  naught,  yet  many  of  them 
were  very  great,  and  a  few  amongst  a  number  very 
orient  and  round,  all  which  I  lost  with  other  things  of 
mine,  comming  aboord  Sir  Francis  Drake  his  Fleete : 
yet  he  tolde  me  that  the  sayd  King  had  great  store  of 
Pearle  that  were  white,  great,  and  round,  and  that  his 
blacke  Pearle  his  men  did  take  out  of  shallow  water, 
but  the  white  Pearle  his  men  fished  for  in  very  deepe 
water. 

It  seemed  to  me  by  his  speach,  that  the  sayd  King 
had  traffique  with  white  men  that  had  clothes  as  we  have, 
for  these  white  Pearle,  and  that  was  the  reason  that  hee 
would  not  depart  with  other  then  with  blacke  Pearles, 
to  those  of  the  same  countrey. 

323 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

The  king  of  Chawanook  promised  to  give  me  guids 
to  go  over  land  into  that  kings  countrey  whensoever 
I  would :  but  he  advised  me  to  take  good  store  of 
men  with  me,  and  good  store  of  victuall,  for  he  said, 
that  king  would  be  loth  to  suffer  any  strangers  to  enter 
into  his  Countrey,  and  especially  to  meddle  with  the 
fishing  for  any  Pearle  there,  and  that  hee  was  able  to 
make  a  great  many  of  men  into  the  field,  which  he 
sayd  would  fight  very  well. 

Hereupon  I  resolved  with  my  selfe,  that  if  your  supplie 
had  come  before  the  ende  of  Aprill,  and  that  you  had 
sent  any  store  of  boates  or  men,  to  have  had  them 
made  in  any  reasonable  time,  with  a  sufficient  number 
of  men  and  victuals  to  have  found  us  untill  the  new 
corne  were  come  in,  I  would  have  sent  a  small  barke 
with  two  pinnesses  about  by  Sea  to  the  Northward  to 
have  found  out  the  Bay  he  spake  of,  and  to  have 
sounded  the  barre  if  there  were  any,  which  should 
have  ridden  there  in  the  sayd  Bay  about  that  Hand, 
while  I  with  all  the  small  boates  I  could  make,  and 
with  two  hundred  men  would  have  gone  up  to  the  head 
An  enterprise  of  the  river  of  Chawanook  with  the  guids  that  Mena- 
of  speciall  im-  tonon  would  have  given  me,  which  I  would  have  bene 
assured  should  have  beene  of  his  best  men,  (for  I  had 
his  best  beloved  sonne  prisoner  with  me)  who  also 
should  have  kept  me  companie  in  an  handlocke  with 
the  rest,  foote  by  foote,  all  the  voyage  over  land. 

My  meaning  was  further  at  the  head  of  the  River 
in  the  place  of  my  descent  where  I  would  have  left  my 
boates,  to  have  raised  a  sconse  with  a  small  trench,  and 
a  pallisado  upon  the  top  of  it,  in  the  which,  and  in 
the  guard  of  my  boates  I  would  have  left  five  and 
[III.  257.]  twentie,  or  thirtie  men,  with  the  rest  would  I  have 
marched  with  as  much  victuall  as  every  man  could 
have  caried,  with  their  furniture,  mattocks,  spades  and 
axes,  two  dayes  journey.  In  the  ende  of  my  march 
upon  some  convenient  plot  would  I  have  raised  another 
sconse    according    to   the    former,    where   I    would    have 

324 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

left  fifteene  or  twentie.  And  if  it  would  have  fallen 
out  conveniently,  in  the  way  I  would  have  raised  my 
saide  sconse  upon  some  Corne  fielde,  that  my  company 
might  have  lived  upon  it. 

And  so  I  would  have  holden  this  course  of  insconsing  Whither  M. 
every  two    dayes    march,    untill    I   had   bene  arrived   at       -f^    ^"^ 

.  •  17l6Cltlt  to  7'B— 

the  Bay  or  Port  hee  spake  of:  which  finding  to  bee  ^^^^^ 
worth  the  possession,  I  would  there  have  raised  a  maine 
fort,  both  for  the  defence  of  the  harborough,  and  our 
shipping  also,  and  would  have  reduced  our  whole  habi- 
tation from  Roanoak  and  from  the  harborough  and  port 
there  (which  by  proofe  is  very  naught)  unto  this  other 
beforementioned,  from  whence,  in  the  foure  dayes 
march  before  specified,  could  I  at  al  times  returne 
with  my  company  back  unto  my  boates  riding  under 
my  sconse,  very  neere  whereunto  directly  from  the 
West  runneth  a  most  notable  River,  and  in  all  those 
parts  most  famous,  called  the  River  of  Moratoc.  This 
River  openeth  into  the  broad  Sound  of  Weapomeiok. 
And  whereas  the  River  of  Chawanook,  and  all  the  other 
Sounds,  and  Bayes,  salt  and  fresh,  shewe  no  current 
in  the  world  in  calme  weather,  but  are  mooved  alto- 
gether with  the  winde :  This  River  of  Moratoc  hath 
so  violent  a  current  from  the  West  and  Southwest,  that 
it  made  me  almost  of  opinion  that  with  oares  it  would 
scarse  be  navigable :  it  passeth  with  many  creekes  and 
turnings,  and  for  the  space  of  thirtie  miles  rowing,  and 
more,  it  is  as  broad  as  the  Thames  betwixt  Green-wich 
and  the  Isle  of  dogges,  in  some  place  more,  and  in 
some  lesse :  the  current  runneth  as  strong,  being  entred 
so  high  into  the  River,  as  at  London  bridge  upon  a 
vale  water. 

And  for  that  not  onely  Menatonon,  but  also  the 
Savages  of  Moratoc  themselves  doe  report  strange  things 
of  the  head  of  that  River,  and  that  from  Moratoc  it 
selfe,  which  is  a  principall  Towne  upon  that  River,  it 
is  thirtie  dayes  as  some  of  them  say,  and  some  say 
fourtie   dayes  voyage  to   the  head    thereof,   which    head 

325 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

they  say  springeth  out  of  a  maine  rocke  in  that  abun- 
dance, that  forthwith  it  maketh  a  most  violent  streame : 
and  further,  that  this  huge  rock  standeth  so  neere  unto 
a  Sea,  that  many  times  in  stormes  (the  winde  comming 
outwardly  from  the  sea)  the  waves  thereof  are  beaten 
into  the  said  fresh  streame,  so  that  the  fresh  water  for 
a  certaine  space,  groweth  salt  and  brackish :  I  tooke  a 
resolution  with  my  selfe,  having  dismissed  Menatonon 
upon  a  ransome  agreed  for,  and  sent  his  sonne  into  the 
Pinnesse  to  Roanoak,  to  enter  presently  so  farre  into 
that  River  with  two  double  whirries,  and  fourtie  persons 
one  or  other,  as  I  could  have  victuall  to  cary  us,  until 
we  could  meete  with  more  either  of  the  Moratoks,  or 
of  the  Mangoaks,  which  is  another  kinde  of  Savages, 
dwelling:  more  to  the  Westward  of  the  said  River :  but 
the  hope  of  recovering  more  victuall  from  the  Savages 
made  mee  and  my  company  as  narrowly  to  escape 
starving  in  that  discoverie  before  our  returne,  as  ever 
men  did,  that  missed  the  same. 
Winona  For  Pemisapan,   who   had  changed  his  name   of  Win- 

changeth  his  ^^^^  upon  the  death  of  his  brother  Granganimo,  had 
given  both  the  Choanists,  and  Mangoaks  worde  of  my 
purpose  touching  them,  I  having  bene  inforced  to  make 
him  privie  to  the  same,  to  bee  served  by  him  of  a  guide 
to  the  Mangoaks,  and  yet  hee  did  never  rest  to  solicite 
continually  my  going  upon  them,  certifying  mee  of  a 
generall  assembly  even  at  that  time  made  by  Menatonon 
at  Chawanook  of  all  his  Weroances,  and  allies  to  the 
number  of  three  thousand  bowes,  preparing  to  come 
upon  us  at  Roanoak,  and  that  the  Mangoaks  also  were 
joyned  in  the  same  confederate,  who  were  able  of  them- 
Conspiracie  of  selves  to  bring  as  many  more  to  the  enterprise :  And 
ike  Savages      ^^^^   -j.   ^^g    ^.j^^^.  ^^  ^]^^^  ^jj^g   ^\^q  assembly  was  holden 

^En^lish  ^  ^^  Chawanook  about  us,  as  I  found  at  my  comming 
thither,  which  being  unlooked  for  did  so  dismay  them, 
as  it  made  us  have  the  better  hand  at  them.  But  this 
confederacie  against  us  of  the  Choanists  and  Mangoaks 
was  altogether  and  wholly  procured   by  Pemisapan  him- 

326 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

selfe,  as  Menatonon  confessed  unto  me,  who  sent  them 

continual    word,    that    our    purpose    was    fully    bent    to 

destroy  them  :  on  the  other  side  he  told  me,  that  they 

had  tlie  like  meaning  towards  us. 

Hee  in  like  sort  having  sent  worde  to  the  Mangoaks 
of  mine  intention  to  passe  up  into  their  River,  and  to 
kill  them  (as  he  saide)  both  they  and  the  Moratoks, 
with  whom  before  wee  were  entred  into  a  league,  and 
they  had  ever  dealt  kindly  with  us,  abandoned  their 
Townes  along  the  River,  and  retired  themselves  with 
their  *Crenepos,  and  their  Corne  within  the  maine  :  *  Their 
insomuch  as  having  passed  three  dayes  voyage  up  the  '^°^^"- 
River,  wee  could  not  meete  a  man,  nor  iinde  a  graine 
of  Corne  in  any  their  Townes :  whereupon  considering 
with  my  selfe  that  wee  had  but  two  dayes  victuall 
left,  and  that  wee  were  then  160.  miles  from  home, 
besides  casualtie  of  contrary  windes  or  stormes,  and  sus- 
pecting treason  of  our  owne  Savages  in  the  discoverie 
of  our  voyage  intended,  though  wee  had  no  intention 
to  bee  hurtfull  to  any  of  them,  otherwise  then  for  our  [III.  258.] 
copper  to  have  had  corne  of  them :  I  at  night  upon 
the  Corps  of  guard,  before  the  putting  foorth  of  Cen- 
tinels,  advertised  the  whole  company  of  the  case  wee 
stoode  in  for  victuall,  and  of  mine  opinion  that  we  were 
betrayed  by  our  owne  Savages,  and  of  purpose  drawen 
foorth  by  them  upon  vaine  hope  to  be  in  the  ende 
starved,  seeing  all  the  Countrey  fled  before  us,  and 
therefore  while  wee  had  those  two  dayes  victuall  left,  1 
thought  it  good  for  us  to  make  our  returne  homeward, 
and  that  it  were  necessary  for  us  to  get  the  other  side 
of  the  Sound  of  Weopomeiok  in  time,  where  wee  might 
be  relieved  upon  the  weares  of  Chypanum,  and  the 
womens  Towne,  although  the  people  were  fled. 

Thus  much  I  signified  unto  them,  as  the  safest  way: 
neverthelesse  I  did  referre  it  to  the  greatest  number  of 
voyces,  whether  wee  should  adventure  the  spending  of 
our  whole  victuall  in  some  further  viewe  of  that  most 
goodly  River  in  hope  to  meete  with  some  better  happe, 

327 


A.D.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

or  otherwise  to  retire  our  selves  backe  againe.  And 
for  that  they  might  be  the  better  advised,  I  willed 
them  to  deliberate  all  night  upon  the  matter,  and  in 
the  morning  at  our  going  aborde  to  set  our  course 
according  to  the  desires  of  the  greatest  part.  Their 
resolution  fully  and  wholy  was  (and  not  three  founde 
to  bee  of  the  contrary  opinion)  that  whiles  there  was 
left  but  one  halfe  pinte  of  Corne  for  a  man,  wee 
should  not  leave  the  search  of  that  River,  and  that 
there  were  in  the  companie  two  Mastives,  upon  the 
pottage  of  which  with  Sassafras  leaves  (if  the  worst 
fell  out)  the  company  would  make  shift  to  live  two 
dayes,  which  time  would  bring  them  downe  the  current 
to  the  mouth  of  the  River,  and  to  the  entrie  of  the 
Sound,  and  in  two  dayes  more  at  the  farthest  they 
hoped  to  crosse  the  Sound  and  to  bee  relieved  by  the 
weares,  which  two  dayes  they  would  fast  rather  then 
be  drawen  backe  a  foote  till  they  had  seene  the  Man- 
goaks,  either  as  friendes  or  foes.  This  resolution  of 
theirs  did  not  a  little  please  mee,  since  it  came  of 
themselves,  although  for  mistrust  of  that  which  after- 
wards did  happen,  I  pretended  to  have  bene  rather  of 
the  contrary  opinion. 

And    that    which    made    me    most    desirous    to    have 

some   doings  with  the  Mangoaks  either  in  friendship  or 

otherwise  to   have  had  one   or    two  of  them    prisoners, 

was,   for  that   it  is   a   thing  most    notorious    to    all    the 

countrey,   that    there    is   a    Province    to    the    which    the 

said  Mangoaks  have  recourse  and  trafique  up  that  River 

A  marvellous    of  Moratoc,  v/hich   hath  a  marveilous  and  most  strange 

Mineral  tn       Minerall.     This   Mine  is    so    notorious   amongst    them, 

ofCkaunis       ^^    ^^^    onely    to    the    Savages    dwelling    up    the    said 

Temoatan.        river,  and   also  to  the   Savages  of   Chawanook,  and    all 

them    to    the    Westward,   but    also  to    all   them   of  the 

maine :    the  Countreis  name    is    of   fame,  and    is    called 

Chaunis  Temoatan. 

The   Minerall   they  say  is  Wassador,  which  is  copper, 
but   they  call  by  the   name   of  Wassador    every  mettall 

328 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 
whatsoever :  they  say  it  is  of  the  colour  of  our  copper, 
but  our  copper  is  better  then  theirs :  and  the  reason 
is  for  that  it  is  redder  and  harder,  whereas  that  of 
Chaunis  Temoatan  is  very  soft,  and  pale :  they  say 
that  they  take  the  saide  mettall  out  of  a  river  that 
falleth  very  swift  from  hie  rockes  and  hils,  and  they 
take  it  in  shallow  water :  the  maner  is  this.  They  take 
a  great  bowle  by  their  description  as  great  as  one  of 
our  targets,  and  wrappe  a  skinne  over  the  hollow  part 
thereof,  leaving  one  part  open  to  receive  in  the  minerall : 
that  done,  they  watch  the  comming  downe  of  the  cur- 
rent, and  the  change  of  the  colour  of  the  water,  and 
then  suddenly  chop  downe  the  said  bowle  with  the 
skinne,  and  receive  into  the  same  as  much  oare  as  will 
come  in,  which  is  ever  as  much  as  their  bowle  will 
holde,  which  presently  they  cast  into  a  fire,  and  foorth- 
with  it  melteth,  and  doeth  yeelde  in  five  parts,  at  the 
first  melting,  two  parts  of  metall  for  three  parts  of  oare. 
Of  this  metall  the  Mangoaks  have  so  great  store,  by 
report  of  all  the  Savages  adjoyning,  that  they  beautifie 
their  houses  with  great  plates  of  the  same :  and  this  to 
be  true,  I  received  by  report  of  all  the  countrey,  and 
particularly  by  yong  Skiko,  the  King  of  Chawanooks 
Sonne  my  prisoner,  who  also  himselfe  had  bene  prisoner 
with  the  Mangoaks,  and  set  downe  all  the  particularities 
to  me  before  mentioned :  but  hee  had  not  bene  at 
Chawnis  Temoatan  himselfe :  for  hee  said,  it  was  twentie 
dayes  journey  overland  from  the  Mangoaks,  to  the  said 
Mineral  Countrey,  and  that  they  passed  through  certaine 
other  territories  betweene  them  and  the  Mangoaks,  before 
they  came  to  the  said  Countrey. 

Upon  report  of  the  premisses,  which  I  was  very 
inquisitive  in  all  places  where  I  came  to  take  very  par- 
ticular information  of,  by  all  the  Savages  that  dwelt 
towards  those  parts,  and  especially  of  Menatonon  him- 
selfe, who  in  every  thing  did  very  particularly  informe 
mee,  and  promised  me  guides  of  his  owne  men,  who 
should  passe  over  with    me,  even  to   the  said  Country 

329 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

of  Chaunis  Temoatan  (for  overland  from  Chawanook  to 
the  Mangoaks  is  but  one  dayes  journey  from  Sunne 
rising  to  Sunne  setting,  whereas  by  water  it  is  seven 
dayes  with  the  soonest :)  These  things,  I  say,  made  me 
very  desirous  by  all  meanes  possible  to  recover  the 
Mangoaks,  and  to  get  some  of  that  their  copper  for 
an  assay,  and  therefore  I  willingly  yeelded  to  their 
[III.  259.]  resolution :  But  it  fell  out  very  contrary  to  all  expecta- 
tion, and  likelyhood :  for  after  two  dayes  travell,  and 
our  whole  victuall  spent,  lying  on  shoare  all  night,  wee 
could  never  see  man,  onely  fires  we  might  perceive  made 
alongst  the  shoare  where  we  were  to  passe,  and  up  into 
the  Countrey,  untill  the  very  last  day.  In  the  evening 
whereof,  about  three  of  the  clocke  wee  heard  certaine 
Savages  call  as  we  thought,  Manteo,  who  was  also  at 
that  time  with  me  in  the  boat,  whereof  we  all  being 
very  glad,  hoping  of  some  friendly  conference  with 
them,  and  making  him  to  answere  them,  they  presently 
began  a  song,  as  we  thought,  in  token  of  our  welcome 
to  them :  but  Manteo  presently  betooke  him  to  his 
piece,  and  tolde  mee  that  they  meant  to  fight  with  us : 
which  worde  was  not  so  soone  spoken  by  him,  and  the 
A  conflict  light  horseman  ready  to  put  to  shoare,  but  there  lighted 
]f£"^J^  a  voUie   of   their   arrowes   amongst    them    in   the    boat, 

but  did  no  hurt  (God  be  thanked)  to  any  man.  Im- 
mediatly,  the  other  boate  lying  ready  with  their  shot 
to  skoure  the  place  for  our  hand  weapons  to  lande 
upon,  which  was  presently  done,  although  the  land  was 
very  high  and  steepe,  the  Savages  forthwith  quitted  the 
shoare,  and  betooke  themselves  to  flight :  wee  landed, 
and  having  faire  and  easily  followed  for  a  smal  time 
after  them,  who  had  wooded  themselves  we  know  not 
where :  the  Sunne  drawing  then  towards  the  setting, 
and  being  then  assured  that  the  next  day  if  wee  would 
pursue  them,  though  we  might  happen  to  meete  with 
them,  yet  wee  should  be  assured  to  meete  with  none 
of  their  victuall,  which  we  then  had  good  cause  to 
thinke   of:    therefore   choosing   for   the   company  a   con- 

330 


Savages. 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

venient  ground  in  safetie  to  lodge  in  for  the  night, 
making  a  strong  Corps  of  guard,  and  putting  out  good 
Centinels,  I  determined  the  next  morning  before  the 
rising  of  the  Sunne  to  be  going  backe  againe,  if  pos- 
sibly we  might  recover  the  mouth  of  the  river,  into 
the  broad  sound,  which  at  my  first  motion  I  found  my 
whole  company  ready  to  assent  unto :  for  they  were 
nowe  come  to  their  Dogges  porredge,  that  they  had 
bespoken  for  themselves  if  that  befell  them  which  did, 
and  I  before  did  mistrust  we  should  hardly  escape. 
The  ende  was,  we  came  the  next  day  by  night  to  the  ^-^^  S^^^^ 
Rivers  mouth  within  foure  or  five  miles  of  the  same,  '^^^^^  JI 
having  rowed  in  one  day  downe  the  current,  as  much  Morattko. 
as  in  foure  dayes  wee  had  done  against  the  same :  we 
lodged  upon  an  Hand,  where  we  had  nothing  in  the 
world  to  eate  but  pottage  of  Sassafras  leaves,  the  like 
whereof  for  a  meate  was  never  used  before  as  I  thinke. 
The  broad  sound  wee  had  to  passe  the  next  day  all 
fresh  and  fasting:  that  day  the  winde  blew  so  strongly, 
and  the  billow  so  great,  that  there  was  no  possibilitie 
of  passage  without  sinking  of  our  boates.  This  was 
upon  Easter  eve,  which  was  fasted  very  truely.  Upon 
Easter  day  in  the  morning  the  winde  comming  very 
calme,  we  entred  the  sound,  and  by  foure  of  the  clocke 
we  were  at  Chipanum,  whence  all  the  Savages  that  we 
had  left  there  were  fled,  but  their  weares  did  yeelde 
us  some  fish,  as  God  was  pleased  not  utterly  to  suifer 
us  to  be  lost :  for  some  of  our  company  of  the  light 
horsemen  were  farre  spent.  The  next  morning  wee 
arrived  at  our  home  Roanoak. 

I  have  set  downe  this  Voyage  somewhat  particularly, 
to  the  ende  it  may  appeare  unto  you  (as  true  it  is) 
that  there  wanted  no  great  good  will  from  the  most  to 
the  least  amongst  us,  to  have  perfited  this  discoverie 
of  the  Mine :  for  that  the  discovery  of  a  good  Mine, 
by  the  goodnesse  of  God,  or  a  passage  to  the  South- 
sea,  or  some  way  to  it,  and  nothing  els  can  bring  this 
Countrey    in    request    to    be    inhabited    by    our    nation. 

331 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

And  with  the  discovery  of  either  of  the  two  above 
shewed,  it  will  bee  the  most  sweete  and  healthfullest 
climate,  and  therewithall  the  most  fertile  soyle  (being 
manured)  in  the  world :  and  then  will  Sassafras,  and 
many  other  rootes  and  gummes  there  found  make  good 
marchandise  and  lading  for  shipping,  which  otherwise 
of  themselves  will  not  be  worth  the  fetching. 

Provided  also,  that  there  be  found  out  a  better  har- 
borough  then  yet  there  is,  which  must  be  to  the 
Northward,  if  any  there  bee,  which  was  mine  intention 
to  have  spent  this  Summer  in  the  search  of,  and  of 
the  Mine  of  Chawnis  Temoatan :  the  one  I  would 
have  done,  if  the  barkes  that  I  should  have  had  of  Sir 
Francis  Drake,  by  his  honourable  courtesie,  had  not 
bene  driven  away  by  storme :  the  other  if  your  supply 
of  more  men,  and  some  other  necessaries  had  come  to 
us  in  any  convenient  sufficiencie.  For  this  river  of 
Moratico  promiseth  great  things,  and  by  the  opinion  of 
M.  Hariots  the  head  of  it  by  the  description  of  the 
Countrey,  either  riseth  from  the  bay  of  Mexico,  or  els 
from  very  neere  unto  the  same,  that  openeth  out  into 
the  South  sea. 

And  touching  the  Minerall,  thus  doeth  M.  Youghan 
affirme,  that  though  it  be  but  copper,  seeing  the  Savages 
are  able  to  melt  it,  it  is  one  of  the  richest  Minerals  in 
the  world. 

Wherefore  a  good  harborough  found  to  the  North- 
ward, as  before  is  saide,  and  from  thence  foure  dayes 
overland,  to  the  River  of  Choanoak  sconses  being  raised, 
from  whence  againe  overland  through  the  province  of 
Choanoak  one  dayes  voyage  to  the  first  towne  of  the 
Mangoaks  up  the  river  of  Moratico  by  the  way,  as  also 
upon  the  said  River  for  the  defence  of  our  boats  like 
sconses  being  set,  in  this  course  of  proceeding  you  shall 
[III.  260.]  cleare  your  selfe  from  al  those  dangers  and  broad  shallow 
sounds  before  mentioned,  and  gaine  within  foure  dayes 
travell  into  the  heart  of  the  maine  200.  miles  at  the  least, 
and    so    passe    your    discovery    into    that    most  notable 

332 


RALPH  LANE 

countrey,  and  to  the  likeliest  parts  of  the  maine,  with 
farre  greater  felicitie  then  otherwise  can  bee  performed. 
Thus  Sir,  I  have  though  simply,  yet  truely  set  downe 
unto  you,  what  my  labour  with  the  rest  of  the  gentlemen, 
and  poore  men  of  our  company  (not  without  both  paine 
and  perill,  which  the  Lord  in  his  mercy  many  wayes 
delivered  us  from)  could  yeeld  unto  you,  which  might 
have  bene  performed  in  some  more  perfection,  if  the 
Lord  had  bene  pleased  that  onely  that  which  you  had 
provided  for  us  had  at  the  first  bene  left  with  us,  or  that 
hee  had  not  in  his  eternall  providence  now  at  the  last  set 
some  other  course  in  these  things,  than  the  wisedome  of 
man  coulde  looke  into,  which  truely  the  carying  away  by 
a  most  strange  &  unlooked  for  storme  of  all  our  pro- 
vision, with  Barks,  Master,  JVIariners,  and  sundry  also 
of  mine  owne  company,  al  having  bene  so  courteously 
supplied  by  the  generall  Sir  Francis  Drake,  the  same 
having  bene  most  sufficient  to  have  performed  the  greatest 
part  of  the  premisses,  must  ever  make  me  to  thinke  the 
hand  of  God  onely  (for  some  his  good  purpose  to  my 
selfe  yet  unknowen)  to  have  bene  in  the  matter. 

The  second  part  touching  the  conspiracie  of 
Pemisapan,  the  discovery  of  the  same,  and  at 
the  last,  of  our  request  to  depart  with  Sir 
Francis  Drake  for  England. 

Nsenore  a  Savage  father  to  Pemisapan 
being  the  onely  friend  to  our  nation 
that  we  had  amongst  them,  and  about 
the  King,  died  the  20.  of  April  1586. 
He  alone  had  before  opposed  himselfe 
in  their  consultations  against  all  matters 
proposed  against  us,  which  both  the 
King  and  all  the  rest  of  them  after  Grangemoes  death, 
were  very  willing  to  have  preferred.  And  he  was  not 
onely  by  the  meere  providence  of  God  during  his  life,  a 
meane  to  save  us  from  hurt,  as  poysonings  and  such  like, 

333 


A.D. 
1585-86. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

but  also   to   doe  us   very  great  good,   and  singularly  in 
this. 

The  King  was  advised  and  of  himselfe  disposed,  as  a 
ready  meane  to  have  assuredly  brought  us  to  ruine  in 
the  moneth  of  March  1586.  himselfe  also  with  all  his 
Savages  to  have  runne  away  from  us,  and  to  have  left 
his  ground  in  the  Hand  unsowed  :  which  if  hee  had  done, 
there  had  bene  no  possibilitie  in  common  reason,  (but 
by  the  immediate  hande  of  God)  that  wee  coulde  have 
bene  preserved  from  starving  out  of  hande.  For  at  that 
This  skill  time  wee  had  no  weares  for  fish,  neither  coulde  our  men 
oj  ma  ing        g]^--||  ^^  ^j^^  making-  of  them,  neither  had  wee  one  Sfraine 

ZV£C?'£S  would  O  -'  O 

be  learned.       ^^  Corne  for  seede  to  put  into  the  ground. 

In  mine  absence  on  my  voyage  that  I  had  made  against 
the  Chaonists,  and  Mangoaks,  they  had  raised  a  brute 
among  themselves,  that  I  and  my  company  were  part 
slaine,  and  part  starved  by  the  Chaonists,  and  Mangoaks. 
One  part  of  this  tale  was  too  true,  that  I  and  mine  were 
like  to  be  starved,  but  the  other  false. 

Neverthelesse  untill  my  returne  it  tooke  such  effect  in 
Pemisapans  breast,  and  in  those  against  us,  that  they 
grew  not  onely  into  contempt  of  us,  but  also  (contrary  to 
their  former  reverend  opinion  in  shew,  of  the  Almightie 
God  of  heaven,  and  Jesus  Christ  whom  wee  serve  and 
worship,  whom  before  they  would  acknowledge  and  con- 
fesse  the  only  God)  now  they  began  to  blaspheme,  and 
flatly  to  say,  that  our  Lorde  God  was  not  God,  since  hee 
suffered  us  to  sustaine  much  hunger,  and  also  to  be  killed 
of  the  Renapoaks,  for  so  they  call  by  that  generall  name 
all  the  inhabitants  of  the  whole  maine,  of  what  province 
soever.  Insomuch  as  olde  Ensenore,  neither  any  of  his 
fellowes,  could  for  his  sake  have  no  more  credite  for  us : 
and  it  came  so  farre  that  the  king  was  resolved  to  have 
presently  gone  away  as  is  aforesaid. 

But  even  in  the  beginning  of  this  bruite  I  returned, 
which  when  hee  sawe  contrary  to  his  expectation,  and  the 
advertisement  that  hee  had  received :  that  not  onely  my 
selfe,  and  my  company  were  all  safe,  but  also  by  report  of 

334 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

his  owne   3.  Savages  which   had   bene  with  mee  besides 

Manteo  in   that  voyage,   that    is   to   say,   Tetepano,   his 

sisters  husband  Eracano,  and  Cossine,  that  the  Chanoists 

and  Mangoaks  (whose  name  and  multitude  besides  their 

valour  is  terrible  to  all  the  rest  of  the  provinces)  durst 

not  for  the  most  part  of  them  abide  us,  and  that  those 

that   did   abide   us  were   killed,   and   that  we   had  taken 

Menatonon  prisoner,  and  brought  his  sonne  that  he  best 

loved  to  Roanoak  with  mee,  it  did  not  a  little  asswage  all 

devises  against  us :  on  the  other  side,  it  made  Ensenores 

opinions   to   bee   received    againe  with    greater    respects. 

For  he  had  often  before  tolde  them,  and  then  renewed 

those  his  former  speeches,  both  to  the  king  and  the  rest, 

that  wee  were  the  servants  of  God,  and  that  wee  were  not 

subject  to  bee  destroyed  by  them  :  but  contrary  wise,  that 

they  amongst  them  that  sought  our  destruction,  should 

finde  their  owne,  and   not  bee  able  to  worke  ours,  and  [III.  261.] 

that  we  being   dead  men  were  able  to   doe  them   more 

hurt,  then  now  we  could  do  being  alive :  an  opinion  very 

confidently   at    this  day  holden   by  the   wisest   amongst 

them,  and  of  their  old  men,  as  also,  that  they  have  bene 

in  the  night,  being  100.  miles  from  any  of  us,  in  the  aire 

shot  at,  and  stroken  by  some  men  of  ours,  that  by  sick- 

nesse  had  died  among  them  :  and   many  of  them  holde 

opinion,  that  we  be  dead  men  returned  into  the  world 

againe,   and   that  wee  doe   not  remaine   dead  but  for  a 

certaine  time,  and  that  then  we  returne  againe. 

All  these  speeches  then  againe  grewe  in  ful  credite  with 
them,  the  King,  and  all,  touching  us,  when  hee  sawe  the 
small  troupe  returned  again,  and  in  that  sort  from  those 
whose  very  names  were  terrible  unto  them :  But  that 
which  made  up  the  matter  on  our  side  for  that  time  was 
an  accident,  yea  rather  (as  all  the  rest  was)  the  good 
providence  of  the  Almightie  for  the  saving  of  us, 
which  was  this. 

Within  certaine  dayes  after  my  returne  from  the  sayd 
journey,  JMenatonon  sent  a  messenger  to  visite  his 
Sonne  the  prisoner  with  me,  and  sent  me  certaine  pearle 

335 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

for  a  present,  or  rather,  as  Pemisapan  tolde  mee,  for  the 
ransome  of  his  sonne,  and  therefore  I  refused  them :  but 
the  greatest  cause  of  his  sending  then,  was  to  signifie  unto 
mee,  that  hee  had  commaunded  Okisko  King  of  Weo- 
pomiok,  to  yeelde  himselfe  servant,  and  homager,  to  the 
great  Weroanza  of  England,  and  after  her  to  Sir  Walter 
Raleigh :  to  perfourme  which  commandement  received 
from  Menatonon,  the  sayde  Okisko  joyntly  with  this 
Menatonons  messenger  sent  foure  and  twentie  of  his 
principallest  men  to  Roanoak  to  Pemisapan,  to  signifie 
that  they  were  ready  to  perfourme  the  same,  and  so  had 
sent  those  his  men  to  let  mee  knowe  that  from  that  time 
forwarde,  hee,  and  his  successours  were  to  acknowledge 
her  Majestie  their  onely  Soveraigne,  and  next  unto  her,  as 
is  aforesayd. 

All  which  being  done,  and  acknowledged  by  them  all, 
in  the  presence  of  Pemisapan  his  father,  and  all  his 
Savages  in  counsell  then  with  him,  it  did  for  the  time 
thorowly  (as  it  seemed)  change  him  in  disposition  toward 
us :  Insomuch  as  foorthwith  Ensenore  wanne  this  resolu- 
tion of  him,  that  out  of  hand  he  should  goe  about,  and 
withall,  to  cause  his  men  to  set  up  weares  foorthwith  for 
us :  both  which  he  at  that  present  went  in  hande  withall, 
and  did  so  labour  the  expedition  of  it,  that  in  the  end  of 
April  he  had  sowed  a  good  quantitie  of  ground,  so  much 
as  had  bene  sufficient,  to  have  fed  our  whole  company 
(God  blessing  the  grouth)  and  that  by  the  belly,  for  a 
whole  yere :  besides  that  he  gave  us  a  certaine  plot  of 
ground  for  our  selves  to  sowe.  All  which  put  us  in 
marveilous  comfort,  if  we  could  passe  from  Aprill  untill 
The  beginning  the  beginning  of  July,  (which  was  to  have  bene  the  begin- 
of  their  har-  j^-^^g  ^^  ^j^^jj.  harvest,)  that  then  a  newe  supply  out  of 
"  England  or  els  our  owne  store  would  well  ynough  main- 
taine  us :  All  our  feare  was  of  the  two  moneths  betwixt, 
in  which  meane  space  if  the  Savages  should  not  helpe  us 
with  Cassavi,  and  Chyna,  and  that  our  weares  should 
faile  us,  (as  often  they  did,)  we  might  very  well  starve, 
notwithstanding    the    growing    corne,    like    the    starving 

336 


•(Tin'  f'pxojc  Xi,hcrn,  .  he  77-^^^  ,//^  ,^    J^  ,  g^^^ 


^^ECOTO]:i.v 


4:     LCrcinffiv  m  the. r  y,ryr/-j  u- 
fi-riinje  tcihmj  an .■(_f^>':rj' i^n jtuf 


THE   VILLAGE    OF    SECOTON 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 
horse  in  the  stable,  with  the  growing  grasse,  as  the  pro- 
verbe  is :  which  wee  very  hardly  had  escaped  but  onely 
by  the  hand  of  God,  as  it  pleased  him  to  try  us.  For 
within  few  dayes  after,  as  before  is  saide,  Ensenore  our 
friend  died,  who  was  no  sooner  dead,  but  certaine  of 
our  great  enemies  about  Pemisapan,  as  Osacan  a  Wero- 
ance,  Tanaquiny  and  Wanchese  most  principally,  were 
in  hand  againe  to  put  their  old  practises  in  ure  against 
us,  which  were  readily  imbraced,  and  all  their  former 
devises  against  us,  reneued,  and  new  brought  in  ques- 
tion. But  that  of  starving  us,  by  their  forbearing  to 
sow,  was  broken  by  Ensenore  in  his  life,  by  having 
made  the  King  all  at  one  instant  to  sow  his  ground, 
not  onely  in  the  Hand,  but  also  at  Dasamonquepeio  in  the 
maine,  within  two  leagues  over  against  us.  Neverthelesse 
there  wanted  no  store  of  mischievous  practises  among  them, 
and  of  all  they  resolved  principally  of  this  following. 

First  that  Okisko  king  of  Weopomeiok  with  the  Man-  ^^-^^  conspira- 
doages  should  bee  mooved,  and  with  great  quantitie  of  "^  ^  remtsa- 
copper  intertained  to  the  number  of  7.  or  8.  hundreth 
bowes,  to  enterprise  the  matter  thus  to  be  ordered.  They 
of  Weopomeiok  should  be  invited  to  a  certaine  kind  of 
moneths  minde  which  they  doe  use  to  solemnise  in  their 
Savage  maner  for  any  great  personage  dead,  and  should 
have  bene  for  Ensenore.  At  this  instant  also  should  the 
Mandoaks,  who  were  a  great  people,  with  the  Chesepians 
&  their  friends  to  the  number  of  700.  of  them,  be  armed 
at  a  day  appointed  to  the  maine  of  Dasamonquepeio,  and 
there  lying  close  at  the  signe  of  fiers,  which  should  inter- 
changeably be  made  on  both  sides,  when  Pemisapan  with 
his  troupe  above  named  should  have  executed  me,  and 
some  of  our  Weroances  (as  they  called  all  our  principall 
officers,)  the  maine  forces  of  the  rest  should  have  come 
over  into  the  Hand,  where  they  ment  to  have  dispatched 
the  rest  of  the  company,  whom  they  did  imagine  to  finde 
both  dismayed  and  dispersed  abroad  in  the  Island,  seeking 
of  crabs  and  fish  to  live  withall.  The  maner  of  their 
enterprise  was  this. 

VIII  337  Y 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

Tarraquine   and    Andacon    two    principall    men   about 

[III.  262.]  Pemisapan,  and  very  lustie  fellowes,  with  twentie  more 
appointed  to  them  had  the  charge  of  my  person  to  see  an 
order  taken  for  the  same,  which  they  ment  should  in  this 

The  forme  of   sort  have  been  executed.     In  the  dead  time  of  the  night 

the  treason.  ^^^  would  have  beset  my  house,  and  put  fire  in  the 
reedes  that  the  same  was  covered  with :  meaning  (as  it 
was  likely)  that  my  selfe  would  have  come  running  out 
of  a  sudden  amazed  in  my  shirt  without  armes,  upon  the 
instant  whereof  they  would  have  knocked  out  my  braines. 
The  same  order  was  given  to  certaine  of  his  fellowes, 
for  M.  Heriots :  so  for  all  the  rest  of  our  better  sort,  all 
our  houses  at  one  instant  being  set  on  fire  as  afore  is 
saide,  and  that  as  well  for  them  of  the  fort,  as  for  us  at 
the  towne.  Now  to  the  ende  that  we  might  be  the 
fewer  in  number   together,  and   so  bee  the  more  easily 

The  sufficien-    dealt  withall  (for  in  deed  tenne  of  us  with   our  armes 

aeofour  men  pj-gpared,  were  a  terrour  to  a  hundred  of  the  best  sort  of 

to deale aminst  -S     ^    ^     /  i  ,     ,.  ,    .  ,.1  •     • 

the  Savages,      them,)  they  agreed  ana  did  immediatly  put  it  in  practise, 

\o.toanhun-  that  they  should  not  for  any  copper  sell  us  any  victuals 

dreth.  whatsoever  :  besides  that  in  the  night  they  should  sende 

to  have  our  weares  robbed,  and  also  to  cause  them  to  bee 

broken,   and    once   being   broken    never   to    be    repaired 

againe  by  them.     By  this  meanes  the  King  stood  assured, 

that  I  must  bee  enforced  for  lacke  of  sustenance  there,  to 

disband   my   company   into   sundry   places   to   live   upon 

shell  fish,   for   so  the  Savages  themselves  doe,  going  to 

The  lavages     Hatorask,  Croatoan,  and  other  places,  fishing  and  hunting, 

live  b^ fishing,  ^^\{^Q_  their  grounds  be  in  sowing,  and  their  corne  grow- 

^till  harvest'     ^"S  *  which  failed  not  his  expectation.     For  the  famine 

grew  so  extreeme  among  us,  or  weares  failing  us  of  fish, 

that  I  was  enforced  to  sende  Captaine  Stafford  with  20. 

with  him  to  Croatoan  my  Lord  Admirals  Hand  to  serve 

two  turnes  in  one,  that  is  to  say,  to  feede  himselfe  and 

his  company,  and   also  to   keepe   watch   if  any  shipping 

came  upon  the  coast  to  warne  us  of  the  same.     I  sent  M. 

Pridiox  with  the  pinnesse  to  Hatorask,  and  ten  with  him, 

with  the  Provost  Marshal  to  live  there,  and  also  to  wait 

338 


RALPH  LANE  ad. 

1585-86. 

for  shipping :  also  I  sent  every  weeke  1 6.  or  20.  of  the 
rest  of  the  company  to  the  maine  over  against  us,  to  live 
of  Casada  and  oysters. 

In  the  meane  while  Pemisapan  went  of  purpose  to 
Dasamonquepeio  for  three  causes :  The  one  to  see  his 
grounds  there  broken  up,  and  sowed  for  a  second  crop : 
the  other  to  withdrawe  himselfe  from  my  dayly  sending  to 
him  for  supply  of  victuall  for  my  company,  for  hee  was 
afraid  to  deny  me  any  thing,  neither  durst  hee  in  my 
presence  but  by  colour  and  with  excuses,  which  T  was 
content  to  accept  for  the  time,  meaning  in  the  ende  as  I 
had  reason,  to  give  him  the  jumpe  once  for  all :  but  in 
the  meane  whiles,  as  I  had  ever  done  before,  I  and  mine 
bare  all  wrongs,  and  accepted  of  all  excuses. 

My  purpose  was  to  have  relied  my  selfe  with  Mena- 
tonon,  and  the  Chaonists,  who  in  trueth  as  they  are  more 
valiant  people  and  in  greater  number  then  the  rest,  so  are 
they  more  faithfull  in  their  promises,  and  since  my  late 
being  there  had  given  many  tokens  of  earnest  desire  they 
had  to  joyne  in  perfect  league  with  us,  and  therefore  were 
greatly  offended  with  Pemisapan  and  Weopomeiok  for 
making  him  beleeve  such  tales  of  us. 

The  third  cause  of  this  going  to  Dasamonquepeio  was 
to  dispatch  his  messengers  to  Weopomeiok,  and  to  the 
Mandoages  as  aforesaid :  all  which  he  did  with  great 
imprest  of  copper  in  hand,  making  large  promises  to 
them  of  greater  spoile. 

The  answere  within  few  dayes  after  came  from  Weo- 
pomeiok, which  was  devided  into  two  parts.  First  for 
the  King  Okisko,  who  denied  to  be  of  the  partie  for  him- 
selfe, or  any  of  his  especiall  followers,  and  therefore  did 
immediatly  retire  himselfe  with  his  force  into  the  maine : 
the  other  was  concerning  the  rest  of  the  said  province 
who  accepted  of  it :  and  in  like  sort  the  Mandoags 
received  the  imprest. 

The  day  of  their  assembly  aforesaid  at  Roanoak  was 
appointed  the  10.  of  June :  all  which  the  premises  were 
discovered  by  Skyco,  the  King  Menatonon  his  sonne  my 

339 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

prisoner,  who  having  once  attempted  to  run  away,  I  laid 
him  in  the  bylboes,  threatning  to  cut  off  his  head,  whom 
I  remitted  at  Pemisapans  request :  whereupon  hee  being 
perswaded  that  hee  was  our  enemie  to  the  death,  he  did 
not  onely  feed  him  with  himselfe,  but  also  made  him 
acquainted  with  all  his  practises.  On  the  other  side,  the 
yong  man  finding  himselfe  as  well  used  at  my  hande,  as  I 
had  meanes  to  shew,  and  that  all  my  company  made  much 
of  him,  he  flatly  discovered  al  unto  me,  which  also  after- 
wards was  reveiled  unto  me  by  one  of  Pemisapans  owne 
men,  that  night  before  he  was  slaine. 

These  mischiefes  being  all  instantly  upon  me  and  my 
company  to  be  put  in  execution,  it  stood  mee  in  hand  to 
study  how  to  prevent  them,  and  also  to  save  all  others, 
which  were  at  that  time  as  aforesaid  so  farre  from  me: 
whereupon  I  sent  to  Pemisapan  to  put  suspition  out  of 
his  head,  that  1  meant  presently  to  go  to  Croatoan,  for 
that  I  had  heard  of  the  arrivall  of  our  fleete,  (though  I  in 
trueth  had  neither  heard  nor  hoped  for  so  good  adven- 
ture,) and  that  I  meant  to  come  by  him,  to  borrow  of  his 
men  to  fish  for  my  company,  &  to  hunt  for  me  at 
Croatoan,  as  also  to  buy  some  foure  dayes  provision  to 
serve  for  my  voyage. 
[III.  263.]  He  sent  me  word  that  he  would  himselfe  come  over  to 

Roanoak,  but  from  day  to  day  he  deferred,  onely  to  bring 
the  Weopomeioks  with  him  &  the  Mandoags,  whose 
time  appointed  was  within  eight  dayes  after.  It  was  the 
last  of  May  1586  when  all  his  owne  Savages  began  to 
make  their  assembly  at  Roanoak,  at  his  commandement 
sent  abroad  unto  them,  and  I  resolved  not  to  stay  longer 
upon  his  comming  over,  since  he  meant  to  come  with  so 
good  company,  but  thought  good  to  go  and  visit  him 
with  such  as  I  had,  which  I  resolved  to  do  the  next  day : 
but  that  night  I  meant  by  the  way  to  give  them  in  the 
Island  a  canvisado,  and  at  the  instant  to  seize  upon 
all  the  canoas  about  the  Island,  to  keepe  him  from 
advertisements. 

But  the  towne  tooke  the  alarme  before  I  meant  it  to 

340 


RALPH   LANE  ad. 

1585.86. 

them :  the  occasion  was  this.     I  had  sent  the  Master  of 

the  light  horseman,  with  a  few  with  him,  to  gather  up  all 

the  canoas  in  the  setting  of  the  Sun,  &  to  take  as  many  as 

were  going  from  us  to  Dasamonquepeio,  but  to  suffer  any 

that  came  from  thence,  to  land.     He  met  with  a  Canoa 

going  from  the  shore,  and  overthrew  the  Canoa,  and  cut  off  ^-^J  slaughter 

two  Savages  heads:  this  was  not  done  so  secretly  but  he  ^^y^^^vam 

was  discovered  from  the  shore ;  wherupon  the  cry  arose : 

for  in  trueth  they,  privy  to  their  owne  villanous  purposes 

against  us,  held  as  good  espiall  upon  us,  both  day  and 

night,  as  we  did  upon  them. 

The  allarme  given,  they  tooke  themselves  to  their 
bowes,  and  we  to  our  armes :  some  three  or  foure  of 
them  at  the  first  were  slaine  with  our  shot :  the  rest 
fled  into  the  woods.  The  next  morning  with  the  light 
horsman  &  one  Canoa  taking  25  with  the  Colonel  of 
the  Chesepians,  and  the  Sergeant  major,  I  went  to 
Dasamonquepeio :  and  being  landed,  sent  Pemisapan 
word  by  one  of  his  owne  Savages  that  met  me  at  the 
shore,  that  I  was  going  to  Croatoan,  and  meant  to 
take  him  in  the  way  to  complaine  unto  him  of  Osocon, 
who  the  night  past  was  conveying  away  my  prisoner, 
whom  I  had  there  present  tied  in  an  handlocke.  Heere- 
upon  the  king  did  abide  my  comming  to  him,  and  find- 
ing my  selfe  amidst  seven  or  eight  of  his  principall 
Weroances  and  followers,  (not  regarding  any  of  the 
common  sort)  I  gave  the  watch-word  agreed  upon, 
(which  was,  Christ  our  victory)  and  immediatly  those 
his  chiefe  men  and  himselfe  had  by  the  mercy  of  God 
for  our  deliverance,  that  which  they  had  purposed  for 
us.  The  king  himselfe  being  shot  thorow  by  the 
Colonell  with  a  pistoll,  lying  on  the  ground  for  dead, 
&  I  looking  as  watchfully  for  the  saving  of  Manteos 
friends,  as  others  were  busie  that  none  of  the  rest  should 
escape,  suddenly  he  started  up,  and  ran  away  as  though 
he  had  not  bene  touched,  insomuch  as  he  overran  all 
the  company,  being  by  the  way  shot  thwart  the  buttocks 
by  mine   Irish  boy  with  my  petronell.     In  the  end   an 

341 


A.D. 

1585-86. 


Pemisapan 
slaine. 


A  letter  from 
Sir  Francis 
Drake. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

Irish  man  serving  me,  one  Nugent,  and  the  deputy 
provost,  undertooke  him ;  and  following  him  in  the 
woods,  overtooke  him :  and  I  in  some  doubt  least  we 
had  lost  both  the  king  &  my  man  by  our  owne  negligence 
to  have  beene  intercepted  by  the  Savages,  wee  met  him 
returning  out  of  the  woods  with  Pemisapans  head  in 
his  hand. 

This  fell  out  the  first  of  June  1586,  and  the  eight 
of  the  same  came  advertisement  to  me  from  captaine 
Stafford,  lying  at  my  lord  Admirals  Island,  that  he  had 
discovered  a  great  fleet  of  three  and  twenty  sailes :  but 
whether  they  were  friends  or  foes,  he  could  not  yet 
discerne.  He  advised  me  to  stand  upon  as  good  guard 
as  I  could. 

The  ninth  of  the  sayd  moneth  he  himselfe  came  unto 
me,  having  that  night  before,  &  that  same  day  travelled 
by  land  twenty  miles :  and  I  must  truely  report  of  him 
from  the  first  to  the  last ;  hee  was  the  gentleman  that 
never  spared  labour  or  perill  either  by  land  or  water, 
faire  weather  or  foule,  to  performe  any  service  committed 
unto  him. 

He  brought  me  a  letter  from  the  Generall  Sir  Francis 
Drake,  with  a  most  bountifuU  and  honourable  offer  for 
the  supply  of  our  necessities  to  the  performance  of  the 
action  wee  were  entred  into ;  and  that  not  only  of 
victuals,  munition,  and  clothing,  but  also  of  barks,  pin- 
nesses,  and  boats ;  they  also  by  him  to  be  victualled, 
manned,  and  furnished  to  my  contentation. 

The  tenth  day  he  arrived  in  the  road  of  our  bad  har- 
borow :  and  comming  there  to  an  anker,  the  eleventh 
day  I  came  to  him,  whom  I  found  in  deeds  most  honour- 
ably to  performe  that  which  in  writing  and  message  he 
had  most  curteously  offered,  he  having  aforehand  pro- 
pounded the  matter  to  all  the  captaines  of  his  fleet,  and 
got  their  liking  and  consent  thereto. 

With  such  thanks  unto  him  and  his  captaines  for  his 
care  both  of  us  and  of  our  action,  not  as  the  matter 
deserved,   but  as  I  could  both  for  my  company  and  my 

342 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 

selfe,  I  (being  aforehand  prepared  what  I  would  desire) 
craved  at  his  hands  that  it  would  please  him  to  take 
with  him  into  England  a  number  of  weake  and  unfit 
men  for  my  good  action,  which  I  would  deliver  to  him ; 
and  in  place  of  them  to  supply  me  of  his  company  with 
oare-men,  artificers,  and  others. 

That  he  would  leave  us  so  much  shipping  and  victual!, 
as  about  August  then  next  following  would  cary  me  and 
all  my  company  into  England,  when  we  had  discovered 
somewhat,  that  for  lacke  of  needful!  provision  in  time 
left  with  us  as  yet  remained  undone. 

That  it  woulde  please  him  withal!  to  leave  some  suf-  [HI.  264.] 
ficient  Masters  not  onely  to  cary  us  into  England,  when 
time   should   be,  but  also   to  search  the   coast  for  some 
better   harborow,   if  there    were    any,    and    especially   to 
helpe  us  to  some  small  boats  and  oare-men. 

Also  for  a  supply  of  calievers,  hand  weapons,  match 
and  lead,  tooles,  apparel!,  and  such  like. 

He  having  received  these  my  requests,  according  to 
his  usual!  commendable  maner  of  government  (as  it  was 
told  me)  calling  his  captaines  to  counsel! ;  the  resolution 
was  that  I  should  send  such  of  my  officers  of  my  com- 
pany as  I  used  in  such  matters,  with  their  notes,  to  goe 
aboord  with  him ;  which  were  the  Master  of  the  victuals. 
The  Keeper  of  the  store,  and  the  Vicetreasurer :  to 
whom  he  appointed  forthwith  for  me  The  Francis,  being 
a  very  proper  barke  of  70  tun,  and  tooke  present  order 
for  bringing  of  victual  aboord  her  for  100  men  for  foure 
moneths,  with  all  my  other  demands  whatsoever,  to  the 
uttermost. 

And  further,  he  appointed  for  me  two  pinnesses,  and 
foure  small  boats  :  and  that  which  was  to  performe  all 
his  former  liberality  towards  us,  was  that  he  had  gotten 
the  full  assents  of  two  of  as  sufficient  experimented 
Masters  as  were  any  in  his  fleet,  by  judgement  of  them 
that  knew  them,  with  very  sufficient  gings  to  tary  with 
me,  and  to  imploy  themselves  most  earnestly  in  the 
action,  as  1  should  appoint  them,  untill  the  terme  which 

343 


AD.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1585-86. 

1  promised  of  our  returne  into  England  againe.  The 
names  of  one  of  those  Masters  was  Abraham  Kendall, 
the  other  Griffith  Heme. 

While  these  things  were  in  hand,  the  provision  afore- 
sayd  being  brought,  and  in  bringing  aboord,  my  sayd 
Masters  being  also  gone  aboord,  my  sayd  barks  having 
accepted  of  their  charge,  and  mine  owne  officers,  with 
others  in  like  sort  of  my  company  with  them  (all  which 
was  dispatched  by  the  sayd  Generall  the  12  of  the  sayde 
moneth)  the  13  of  the  same  there  arose  such  an  un- 
woonted  storme,  and  continued  foure  dayes,  that  had 
like  to  have  driven  all  on  shore,  if  the  Lord  had  not 
held  his  holy  hand  over  them,  and  the  Generall  very 
providently  foreseene  the  woorst  himselfe,  then  about 
my  dispatch  putting  himselfe  aboord :  but  in  the  end 
having  driven  sundry  of  the  fleet  to  put  to  Sea  the 
Francis  also  with  all  my  provisions,  my  two  Masters, 
and  my  company  aboord,  she  was  seene  to  be  free  from 
the  same,  and  to  put  cleere  to  Sea. 

This  storme  having  continued  from  the  13  to  the  16 
of  the  moneth,  and  thus  my  barke  put  away  as  afore- 
sayd,  the  Generall  comming  ashore  made  a  new  proffer 
unto  me;  which  was  a  ship  of  170  tunne,  called  The 
Barke  Bonner,  with  a  sufficient  Master  and  guide  to 
tary  with  me  the  time  appointed,  and  victualled  suffi- 
ciently to  cary  me  and  my  company  into  England,  with 
all  provisions  as  before :  but  he  tolde  me  that  he  would 
not  for  any  thing  undertake  to  have  her  brought  into 
our  harbour,  and  therefore  he  was  to  leave  her  in  the 
road,  and  to  leave  the  care  of  the  rest  unto  my  selfe, 
and  advised  me  to  consider  with  my  company  of  our 
case,  and  to  deliver  presently  unto  him  in  writing  what 
I  would  require  him  to  doe  for  us  :  which  being  within 
his  power,  he  did  assure  me  aswell  for  his  Captaines  as 
for  himselfe,  should  be  most  willingly  performed. 

Heereupon  calling  such  Captaines  and  gentlemen  of 
my  company  as  then  were  at  hand,  who  were  all  as 
privy  as  my  selfe  to  the  Generals  offer :  their  whole  re- 

344 


RALPH   LANE  a.d. 

1585-86. 
quest  was  to  me,  that  considering  the  case  that  we  stood 
in,  the  weaknesse  of  our  company,  the  small  number  of 
the  same,  the  carying  away  of  our  first  appointed  barke, 
with  those  two  especiall  Masters,  with  our  principall 
provisions  in  the  same,  by  the  very  hand  of  God  as  it 
seemed,  stretched  out  to  take  us  from  thence ;  consider- 
ing also,  that  his  second  offer,  though  most  honourable 
of  his  part,  yet  of  ours  not  to  be  taken,  insomuch  as 
there  was  no  possibility  for  her  with  any  safety  to  be 
brought  into  the  harbour :  seeing  furthermore,  our  hope 
for  supply  with  Sir  Richard  Greenvill,  so  undoubtedly 
promised  us  before  Easter,  not  yet  come,  neither  then 
likely  to  come  this  yeere,  considering  the  doings  in 
England  for  Flanders,  and  also  for  America,  that  there- 
fore I  would  resolve  my  selfe  with  my  company  to  goe 
into  England  in  that  fleet,  and  accordingly  to  make  re- 
quest to  the  Generall  in  all  our  names,  that  he  would 
be  pleased  to  give  us  present  passage  with  him.  Which 
request  of  ours  by  my  selfe  delivered  unto  him,  hee 
most  readily  assented  unto :  and  so  he  sending  immedi- 
atly  his  pinnesses  unto  our  Island  for  the  fetching  away 
of  a  few  that  there  were  left  with  our  baggage,  the 
weather  was  so  boisterous,  &  the  pinnesses  so  often  on 
ground,  that  the  most  of  all  we  had,  with  all  our  Cards, 
Books  and  writings  were  by  the  Sailers  cast  overboord, 
the  greater  number  of  the  fleet  being  much  agrieved 
with  their  long  and  dangerous  abode  in  that  miserable 
road. 

From  whence  the  Generall  in  the  name  of  the  Al- 
mighty, weying  his  ankers  (having  bestowed  us  among 
his  fleet)  for  the  reliefe  of  whom  hee  had  in  that  storme 
susteined  more  perill  of  wracke  then  in  all  his  former 
most  honourable  actions  against  the  Spanyards,  with 
praises  unto  God  for  all,  set  saile  the  nineteenth  of  June 
1586,  and  arrived  in  Portsmouth  the  seven  and  twentieth 
of  July  the  same  yeere. 

[The  third 
345 


A.D. 
1586. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


[III.  265.]     The    third  voyage  made  by   a   ship    sent    in    the 

yeere    1586,    to     the  reHefe    of    the    Colony 

planted    in    Virginia,  at    the    sole    charges    of 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh. 

N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1586  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  at  his  owne  charge  prepared  a 
ship  of  an  hundred  tunne,  fraighted  with 
all  maner  of  things  in  most  plentifuU 
maner,  for  the  supply  and  reliefe  of  his 
Colony  then  remaining  in  Virginia :  but 

^  before    they    set    saile    from    England    it 


was  after  Easter,  so  that  our  Colony  halfe  despaired  of  the 
comming  of  any  supply :  wherefore  every  man  prepared 
for  himselfe,  determining  resolutely  to  spend  the  residue 
of  their  life  time  in  that  countrey.  And  for  the  better 
performance  of  this  their  determination,  they  sowed, 
planted,  and  set  such  things  as  were  necessary  for  their 
reliefe  in  so  plentifull  a  maner  as  might  have  sufficed 
them  two  yeeres  without  any  further  labour.  Thus 
trusting  to  their  owne  harvest,  they  passed  the  Summer 
till  the  tenth  of  June :  at  which  time  their  corne  which  they 
had  sowed  was  within  one  fortnight  of  reaping :  but  then 
it  happened  that  Sir  Francis  Drake  in  his  prosperous 
returne  from  the  sacking  of  Sant  Domingo,  Cartagena, 
and  Saint  Augustine,  determined  in  his  way  homeward  to 
visit  his  countreymen  the  English  Colony  then  remaining 
in  Virginia.  So  passing  along  the  coasts  of  Florida,  he 
fell  with  the  parts  where  our  English  Colony  inhabited  : 
and  having  espied  some  of  that  company,  there  he 
ankered  and  went  aland,  where  hee  conferred  with  them 
of  their  state  and  welfare,  and  how  things  had  past  with 
them.  They  answered  him  that  they  lived  all ;  but 
hitherto  in  some  scarsity :  and  as  yet  could  heare  of  no 
supply  out  of  England :  therefore  they  requested  him 
that  hee  would  leave  with  them  some  two  or  three  ships, 
that   if  in   some   reasonable  time  they  heard  not  out  of 

346 


THE   THIRD   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

England,  they  might  then  returne  themselves.  Which 
hee  agreed  to.  Whilest  some  were  then  writing  their 
letters  to  send  into  England,  and  some  others  making 
reports  of  the  accidents  of  their  travels  ech  to  other, 
some  on  land,  some  on  boord,  a  great  storme  arose,  and 
drove  the  most  of  their  fleet  from  their  ankers  to  Sea,  in 
which  ships  at  that  instant  were  the  chiefest  of  the 
English  Colony :  the  rest  on  land  perceiving  this,  hasted 
to  those  three  sailes  which  were  appointed  to  be  left  there ; 
and  for  feare  they  should  be  left  behinde  they  left  all  things 
confusedly,  as  if  they  had  bene  chased  from  thence  by  a 
mighty  army :  and  no  doubt  so  they  were ;  for  the  hand 
of  God  came  upon  them  for  the  cruelty  and  outrages 
committed  by  some  of  them  against  the  native  inhabitants 
of  that  countrey. 

Immediatly  after  the  departing  of  our  English  Colony  This  ship 
out  of  this  paradise  of  the  world,   the  ship  abovemen-  ^f^^f^^'^ 
tioned   sent  and  set   forth  at  the  charges  of  Sir  Walter     "'S^^^^- 
Ralegh  and  his  direction,  arrived  at  Hatorask ;  who  after 
some    time    spent    in    seeking    our    Colony   up  in    the 
countrey,  and  not  finding  them,   returned   with    all    the 
aforesayd  provision  into  England. 

About  foureteene  or  fifteene  dayes  after  the  departure  Sir  Richard 
of  the  aforesayd  shippe,  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  Generall  of  ^^'^"'^^^^  ^^^^^ 
Virginia,  accompanied  with  three  shippes  well  appointed 
for  the  same  voyage,  arrived  there ;  who  not  finding  the 
aforesayd  shippe  according  to  his  expectation,  nor  hearing 
any  newes  of  our  English  Colony  there  seated,  and  left 
by  him  anno  1585,  himselfe  travelling  up  into  divers 
places  of  the  countrey,  aswell  to  see  if  he  could  heare  any 
newes  of  the  Colony  left  there  by  him  the  yeere  before, 
under  the  charge  of  Master  Lane  his  deputy,  as  also  to 
discover  some  places  of  the  countrey :  but  after  some 
time  spent  therein,  not  hearing  any  newes  of  them,  and 
finding  the  places  which  they  inhabited  desolate,  yet 
unwilling  to  loose  the  possession  of  the  countrey  which 
Englishmen  had  so  long  held :  after  good  deliberation, 
hee  determined  to  leave  some  men  behinde    to   reteine 

347 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

Fifteene  men     possession    of    the     Countrey :     whereupon    he    landed 
more  left  tn      fifteene  men  in  the  Isle  of  Roanoak,  furnished  plentifully 
*      ■         with    all    maner    of   provision    for    two    yeeres,    and    so 
departed  for  England. 

Not  long  after  he  fell  with  the  Isles  of  A9ores,  on  some 
of  which  Islands  he  landed,  and  spoiled  the  townes  of  aU 
such  things  as  were  woorth  cariage,  where  also  he  tooke 
divers  Spanyards.  With  these  and  many  other  exploits 
done  by  him  in  this  voyage,  aswell  outward  as  homeward, 
he  returned  into  England. 

[III.  266.]  A  briefe  and  true  report  of  the  new  found  land 
of  Virginia  :  of  the  commodities  there  found, 
and  to  be  raised,  aswell  merchantable  as  others: 
Written  by  Thomas  Heriot,  servant  to  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh,  a  member  of  the  Colony, 
and  there  imployed  in  discovering  a  full 
twelvemoneth. 

Rafe  Lane  one  of  her  Majesties  Esquiers,  and 
Governour  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia,  above 
mentioned,  for  the  time  there  resident,  to  the 
gentle  Reader  wisheth  all  happinesse  in  the 
Lord. 

Lbeit   (gentle    Reader)    the    credit  of   the 

reports    in    this    Treatise    contained    can 

little   be  furthered   by   the   testimony  of 

one  as  my  selfe,  through  ajffection  j  udged 

partiall,  though  without  desert :  neverthe- 

lesse,  forsomuch  as  I  have  bene  requested 

by    some     my    particular    friends,     who 

conceive    more    rightly    of    me,    to    deliver    freely    my 

knowledge    of   the    same,   not    onely    for    the    satisfying 

of  them,  but  also  for  the  true  information  of  any  other 

whosoever,    that    comes    not    with    a    prejudicate    minde 

to  the  reading  thereof:  thus  much  upon  my  credit  I  am 

to  affirme,  that  things  universally  are  so  truely  set  downe 

348 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587- 
in  this  Treatise  by  the  authour  thereof,  an  actor  in  the 
Colony,  and  a  man  no  lesse  for  his  honesty  then  learning 
commendable,  as  that  I  dare  boldly  avouch,  it  may  very 
well  passe  with  the  credit  of  trueth  even  amongst  the 
most  true  relations  of  this  age.  Which  as  for  mine  owne 
part  I  am  ready  any  way  with  my  word  to  acknowledge, 
so  also  (of  the  certaintie  thereof  assured  by  mine  owne 
experience)  with  this  my  publique  assertion  I  doe  affirme 
the  same.     Farewell  in  the  Lord. 

To  the  Adventurers,  Favourers,  and  Welv^illers 
of  the  enterprise  for  the  inhabiting  and 
planting  in  Virginia. 

Ince  the  first  undertaking  by  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  to  deale  in  the  action  of  dis- 
covering of  that  countrey  which  is  now 
called  and  knowen  by  the  name  of  Vir- 
ginia, many  voyages  having  beene  thither 
made  at  sundry  times  to  his  great 
charge;  as  first  in  the  yere  1584,  and 
afterwards  in  the  yeres  1585,  1586,  and  now  of  late 
this  last  yeere  1587:  there  have  bene  divers  and  vari- 
able reports,  with  some  slanderous  and  shamefull 
speeches  bruted  abroad  by  many  that  returned  from 
thence :  especially  of  that  discovery  which  was  made 
by  the  Colony  transported  by  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  in 
the  yere  1585,  being  of  all  others  the  most  principall, 
and  as  yet  of  most  effect,  the  time  of  their  abode  in  the 
countrey  being  a  whole  yere,  when  as  in  the  other  voyage 
before  they  stayed  but  sixe  weeks,  and  the  others  after 
were  onely  for  supply  and  transportation,  nothing 
more  being  discovered  then  had  bene  before.  Which 
reports  have  not  done  a  little  wrong  to  many  that  other- 
wise would  have  also  favoured  and  adventured  in  the 
action,  to  the  honour  and  benefit  of  our  nation,  besides 
the  particular  profit  and  credit  which  would  redound  to 
themselves  the  dealers  therein,  as  I  hope  by  the  sequel  of 

349 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

events,  to  the  shame  of  those  that  have  avouched  the 
contrary,  shall  be  manifest,  if  you  the  adventurers, 
favourers  and  welwillers  doe  but  either  increase  in 
number,  or  in  opinion  continue,  or  having  beene  doubt- 
full,  renew  your  good  liking  and  furtherance  to  deale 
therein  according  to  the  woorthinesse  thereof  already 
found,  and  as  you  shall  understand  hereafter  to  be 
requisit.  Touching  which  woorthinesse  through  cause 
of  the  diversity  of  relations  and  reports,  many  of  your 
opinions  could  not  be  firme,  nor  the  minds  of  some  that 
are  well  disposed  be  setled  in  any  certaintie. 

I  have  therefore  thought  it  good,  being  one  that  have 
beene  in  the  discoverie,  and  in  dealing  with  the  naturall 
inhabitants  specially  imployed :  and  having  therefore 
seene  and  knowen  more  then  the  ordinary,  to  impart  so 
much  unto  you  of  the  fruits  of  our  labours,  as  that  you 
may  know  how  injuriously  the  enterprise  is  slandered,  and 
that  in  publique  maner  at  this  present,  chiefly  for  two 
respects. 

First,  that  some  of  you  which  are  yet  ignorant  or 
doubtfull  of  the  state  thereof,  may  see  that  there  is 
sufficient  cause  why  the  chiefe  enterpriser  with  the  favour 
of  her  Majesty,  notwithstanding  such  reports,  hath  not 
onely  since  continued  the  action  by  sending  into  the 
countrey  againe,  and  replanting  this  last  yeere  a  new 
Colony,  but  is  also  ready,  according  as  the  times 
and  meanes  will  affoord,  to  follow  and  prosecute  the 
same. 

Secondly,  that  you  seeing  and  knowing  the  continuance 
[III.  267.]  of  the  action,  by  the  view  hereof  you  may  generally 
know  and  learne  what  the  countrey  is,  and  thereupon 
consider  how  your  dealing  therein,  if  it  proceed,  may 
returne  you  profit  and  gaine,  be  it  either  by  inhabiting 
and  planting,  or  otherwise  in  furthering  thereof. 

And  least  that  the  substance  of  my  relation  should 
be  doubtfull  unto  you,  as  of  others  by  reason  of  their 
diversitie,  I  will  first  open  the  cause  in  a  few  words, 
wherefore    they  are    so    different,  referring    my    selfe  to 

350 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

your    favourable   constructions,  and   to   be   adjudged   of, 
as  by  good  consideration  you  shall  finde  cause. 

Of  our  company  that  returned,  some  for  their  mis- 
demeanour and  ill  dealing  in  the  countrey  have  bene 
there  worthily  punished,  who  by  reason  of  their  bad 
natures,  have  maliciously  not  onely  spoken  ill  of  their 
Governours,  but  for  their  sakes  slandered  the  countrey 
it  selfe.  The  like  also  have  those  done  which  were  of 
their  consort. 

Some  being  ignorant  of  the  state  thereof,  notwith- 
standing since  their  returne  amongst  their  friends  & 
acquaintance,  and  also  others,  especially  if  they  were  in 
company  where  they  might  not  be  gainsayd,  would 
seeme  to  know  so  much  as  no  men  more,  and  make 
no  men  so  great  travellers  as  themselves.  They  stood 
so  much,  as  it  may  seeme,  upon  their  credit  and  re- 
putation, that  having  bene  a  twelvemoneth  in  the 
countrey,  it  would  have  bene  a  great  disgrace  unto 
them,  as  they  thought,  if  they  could  not  have  sayd 
much,  whether  it  were  true  or  false.  Of  which  some 
have  spoken  of  more  then  ever  they  saw,  or  otherwise 
knew  to  be  there.  Other  some  have  not  bene  ashamed 
to  make  absolute  deniall  of  that,  which  although  not 
by  them,  yet  by  others  is  most  certainly  and  there 
plentifully  knowen,  &  other  some  make  difficulties  of 
those  things  they  have  no  skill  of. 

The  cause  of  their  ignorance  was,  in  that  they  were 
of  that  many  that  were  never  out  of  the  Island  where 
we  were  seated,  or  not  farre,  or  at  the  least  wise  in 
few  places  els,  during  the  time  of  our  abode  in  the 
country :  or  of  that  many,  that  after  gold  &  silver  was 
not  so  soone  found,  as  it  was  by  them  looked  for,  had 
litle  or  no  care  of  any  other  thing  but  to  pamper  their 
bellies :  or  of  that  many  which  had  litle  understanding, 
lesse  discretion,  and  more  tongue  then  was  needfuU  or 
requisite. 

Some  also  were  of  a  nice  bringing  up,  only  in  cities 
or  townes,  or  such  as  never  (as  I   may  say)   had   seene 

351 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

the  world  before.  Because  there  were  not  to  be  found 
any  EngHsh  cities,  nor  such  faire  houses,  nor  at  their 
owne  wish  any  of  their  old  accustomed  dainty  food, 
nor  any  soft  beds  of  downe  or  feathers,  the  countrey 
was  to  them  miserable,  and  their  reports  thereof  ac- 
cording. 

Because  my  purpose  was  but  in  briefe  to  open  the 
cause  of  the  variety  of  such  speeches,  the  particularities 
of  them,  and  of  many  envious,  malicious,  and  slanderous 
reports  and  devices  els,  by  our  owne  countreymen  be- 
sides, as  trifles  that  are  not  worthy  of  wise  men  to  be 
thought  upon,  I  meane  not  to  trouble  you  withall,  but 
will  passe  to  the  commodities,  the  substance  of  that 
which  I  have  to  make  relation  of  unto  you. 

The  Treatise  whereof,  for  your  more  ready  view  and 
easier  understanding,  I  will  divide  into  three  speciall 
parts.  In  the  first  I  will  make  declaration  of  such 
commodities  there  already  found  or  to  be  raised,  which 
will  not  onely  serve  the  ordinary  turnes  of  you  which 
are  and  shall  be  the  planters  and  inhabitants,  but  such 
-  /an  overplus  sufficiently  to  be  yeelded,  or  by  men  of 
skill  to  be  provided,  as  by  way  of  trafiique  and  exchange 
with  our  owne  nation  of  England,  will  inrich  your 
selves  the  providers :  those  that  shall  deale  with  you, 
the  enterprisers  in  generall,  and  greatly  profit  our  owne 
countreymen,  to  supply  them  with  most  things  which 
heretofore  they  have  bene  faine  to  provide  either  of 
strangers  or  of  our  enemies,  which  commodities,  for 
distinction  sake,  I  call  Merchantable. 

In  the  second  I  will  set  downe  all  the  commodities 
which  we  know  the  countrey  by  our  experience  doth 
yeeld  of  it  selfe  for  victuall  and  sustenance  of  mans 
life,  such  as  are  usually  fed  upon  by  the  inhabitants  of 
the  countrey,  as  also  by  us  during  the  time  we  were 
there. 

In  the  last  part  I  will  make  mention  generally  of  such 
other  commodities  besides,  as  I  am  able  to  remember, 
and   as    I    shall   thinke  behoovefull  for   those   that   shall 

352 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

inhabit,    and    plant   there,  to   know   of,  which    specially 

concerne  building,    as    also    some   other  necessary  uses : 

with  a   briefe   description  of  the  nature  and    maners  of 
the   people   of  the   countrey. 

The  first  part  of  Merchantable  commodities. 

like  of  grasse,  or  Grasse  silke.  There  is 
a  kind  of  grasse  in  the  country,  upon 
the  blades  whereof  there  groweth  very 
good  silke  in  forme  of  a  thin  glittering 
skin  to  be  stript  off.  It  groweth  two 
foot  &  an  halfe  high  or  better :  the 
blades  are  about  two  foot  in  length,  and 
halfe  an  inch  broad.  The  like  groweth  in  Persia,  which 
is  in  the  selfe  same  climate  as  Virginia,  of  which  very 
many  of  the  Silke  works  that  come  from  thence  into 
Europe  are  made.  Hereof  if  it  be  planted  and  ordered  [HI.  268.] 
as  in  Persia,  it  cannot  in  reason  be  otherwise,  but  that 
there  will  rise  in  short  time  great  profit  to  the  dealers 
therein,  seeing  there  is  so  great  use  and  vent  thereof 
aswel  in  our  countrey  as  elsewhere.  And  by  the  meanes 
of  sowing  and  planting  it  in  good  ground,  it  will  be 
farre  greater,  better,  and  more  plentifull  then  it  is. 
Although  notwithstanding  there  is  great  store  thereof 
in  many  places  of  the  countrey  growing  naturally  and 
wild,  which  also  by  proofe  here  in  England,  in  making 
a  piece  of  Silke  grogran,  we  found  to  be  excellent 
good. 

Worme  silke.  In  many  of  our  journeys  we  found 
Silke-wormes  faire  and  great,  as  bigge  as  our  ordinary 
Walnuts.  Although  it  hath  not  bene  our  hap  to  have 
found  such  plenty,  as  elswhere  to  be  in  the  countrey 
we  have  heard  of,  yet  seeing  that  the  countrey  doth 
naturally  breed  and  nourish  them,  there  is  no  doubt 
but  if  arte  be  added  in  planting  of  Mulberie  trees,  and 
others,  fit  for  them  in  commodious  places,  for  their 
feeding  &  nourishing,  and  some  of  them  carefully 
gathered  &  husbanded  in  that  sort,  as  by  men  of  skil 
vni  353  z 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

is  knowen  to  be  necessary :  there  wil  rise  as  great  profit 
in  time  to  the  Virginians,  as  thereof  doth  now  to  the 
Persians,  Turks,  Italians  and  Spanyards. 
—>  Flaxe  and  Hempe.  The  trueth  is,  that  of  Hempe 
and  Flaxe  there  is  no  great  store  in  any  one  place  to- 
gether, by  reason  it  is  not  planted  but  as  the  soile  doth 
yeeld  of  it  selfe:  and  howsoever  the  leafe  and  stemme 
or  stalke  do  differ  from  ours,  the  stuffe  by  judgement 
of  men  of  skill  is  altogether  as  good  as  ours :  and  if 
not,  as  further  proofe  should  finde  otherwise,  we  have 
that  experience  of  the  soile,  as  that  there  cannot  be 
shewed  any  reason  to  the  contrary,  but  that  it  will  grow 
there  excellent  well,  and  by  planting  will  be  yeelded 
plentifully,  seeing  there  is  so  much  ground  whereof 
some  may  well  be  applied  to  such  purposes.  What 
benefit  heereof  may  grow  in  cordage  and  linnens  who 
cannot  easily   understand  ? 

Allum.  There  is  a  veine  of  earth  along  the  sea  coast 
for  the  space  of  forty  or  fifty  miles,  whereof  by  the 
judgement  of  some  that  have  made  triall  here  in  Eng- 
land, is  made  good  Allum,  of  that  kind  which  is  called 
Roch  allum.  The  richnesse  of  such  a  commodity  is  so 
well  knowen,  that  I  need  not  to  say  any  thing  thereof. 
The  same  earth  doth  also  yeeld  White  coprasse,  Nitrum, 
and  Alumen  plumeum,  but  nothing  so  plentifully  as 
the  common  Allum,  which  be  also  of  price,  and  pro- 
fitable. 

Wapeih.  A  kind  of  earth  so  called  by  the  naturall 
inhabitants,  very  like  to  Terra  sigillata,  and  having  bene 
refined,  it  hath  bene  found  by  some  of  our  Physicians 
and  Chyrurgians,  to  be  of  the  same  kind  of  vertue, 
and  more  effectuall.  The  inhabitants  use  it  very  much 
for  the  cure  of  sores  and  wounds :  there  is  in  divers 
places  great  plenty,  and  in  some  places  of  a  blew   sort. 

Pitch,  Tarre,  Rozen  and  Turpentine.  There  are 
those  kinds  of  trees  which  yeeld  them  abundantly  and 
great  store.  In  the  very  same  Island  where  we  were 
seated,  being   fifteene  miles   of  length,  and  five   or  sixe 

354 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

miles  in  breadth,  there  are  few  trees  els  but  of  the  same 
kinde,   the  whole  Island   being   full. 

Sassafras,  called  by  the  inhabitants  Winauk,  a  kind  of  ^  ' 
wood  of  most  pleasant  and  sweet  smell,  and  of  most 
rare  vertues  in  physicke  for  the  cure  of  many  diseases. 
It  is  found  by  experience  to  be  far  better  and  of  more 
uses  then  the  wood  which  is  called  Guaiacum,  or  Lig- 
num vitas.  For  the  description,  the  maner  of  using, 
and  the  manifold  vertues  therof,  I  refer  you  to  the 
booke  of  Monardes,  translated  and  entituled  in  English, 
The  joyfull   newes   from   the  West   Indies. 

Cedar.     A  very  sweet  wood,  and  fine  timber,  whereof    ^- 
if    nests    of    chests    be    there    made,    or    timber    thereof 
fitted   for   sweet  and  fine  bedsteds,    tables,   desks,  lutes, 
virginals,  and  many  things  els,  (of  which  there  hath  bene  . 
proofe    made   already)    to    make    up    fraight   with   other 
principall  commodities,  will  yeeld  profit. 

Wine.  There  are  two  kindes  of  grapes  that  the  soile 
doth  yeeld  naturally,  the  one  is  small  and  sowre,  of  the 
ordinary  bignesse  as  ours  in  England,  the  other  farre 
greater  and  of  himselfe  lushious  sweet.  When  they 
are  planted  and  husbanded  as  they  ought,  a  principall 
commodity  of  wines  by  them  may  be  raised. 

Oile.  There  are  two  sorts  of  Walnuts,  both  holding 
oile ;  but  the  one  farre  more  plentifuU  then  the  other. 
When  there  are  mils  and  other  devices  for  the  purpose, 
a  commodity  of  them  may  be  raised,  because  there  are 
infinite  store.  There  are  also  three  severall  kindes  of 
berries  in  the  forme  of  Oke-akornes,  which  also  by  the 
experience  and  use  of  the  inhabitants,  we  find  to  yeeld 
very  good  and  sweet  oile.  Furthermore,  the  beares 
of  the  countrey  are  commonly  very  fat,  and  in  some 
places  there  are  many.  Their  fatnesse,  because  it  is 
so  liquid,  may  well  be  termed  oile,  and  hath  many 
speciall  uses. 

Furres.  All  along  the  Sea  coast  there  are  great  store 
of  Otters,  which  being  taken  by  weares  and  other  engines 
made  for  the  purpose,  wil  yeeld  good  profit.     We  hope 

355 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

also  of  Marterne  furres,  and  make  no  doubt  by  the 
relation  of  the  people,  but  that  in  some  places  of  the 
[III.  269.]  countrey  there  are  store,  although  there  were  but  two 
skinnes  that  came  to  our  hands.  Luzernes  also  we 
have  understanding  of,  although  for  the  time  we  saw 
none. 
—}  Deers  skinnes  dressed  after  the  maner  of  Chamoes, 
or  undressed,  are  to  be  had  of  the  naturall  inhabitants 
thousands  yerely  by  way  of  traffike  for  trifles,  and  no 
more  waste  or  spoile  of  Deere  then  is  and  hath  bene 
ordinarily  in  time  before. 

Civet-cats.  In  our  travels  there  was  found  one  to 
have  bin  killed  by  a  Savage  or  inhabitant,  &  in  another 
place  the  smel  where  one  or  more  had  lately  bene 
before,  whereby  we  gather,  besides  then  by  the  relation 
of  the  people,  that  there  are  some  in  the  country :  good 
profit  will  rise  by  them. 

Iron.  In  two  places  of  the  countrey  specially,  one 
about  fourescore,  &  the  other  six  score  miles  from  the 
fort  or  place  where  we  dwelt,  we  found  nere  the  water 
side  the  ground  to  be  rocky,  which  by  the  triall  of  a 
Minerall  man  was  found  to  holde  iron  richly.  It  is 
found  in  many  places  of  the  country  els :  I  know  nothing 
to  the  contrary,  but  that  it  may  be  allowed  for  a  good 
merchantable  commodity,  considering  there  the  small 
charge  for  the  labour  &  feeding  of  men,  the  infinite 
store  of  wood,  the  want  of  wood  &  deerenesse  thereof 
in  England,  and  the  necessity  of  ballasting  of  ships. 

Copper.  An  hundred  and  fifty  miles  into  the  maine 
in  two  townes  we  found  with  the  inhabitants  divers  small 
plates  of  Copper,  that  had  bene  made  as  we  understood 
by  the  inhabitants  that  dwell  further  into  the  country, 
where  as  they  say  are  mountaines  and  rivers  that  yeeld 
also  white  graines  of  mettall,  which  is  to  be  deemed 
Silver.  For  confirmation  whereof,  at  the  time  of  our 
first  arrivall  in  the  countrey,  I  saw,  with  some  others 
with  me,  two  small  pieces  of  Silver  grosly  beaten,  about 
the    weight    of  a    testron,    hanging    in    the    eares    of    a 

356 


A   REPORT   OF    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

Wiroans  or  chiefe  lord  that  dwelt  about  fourescore  miles 
from  us :  of  whom  through  inquiry,  by  the  number 
of  dayes  and  the  way,  I  learned  that  it  had  come  to  his 
hands  from  the  same  place  or  neere,  where  I  after  un- 
derstood the  Copper  was  made,  and  the  white  graines 
of  metall  found.  The  aforesayd  Copper  we  also  found 
by  triall  to  holde  Silver. 

Pearle.  Sometimes  in  feeding  on  Muscles  we  found 
some  Pearle :  but  it  was  our  happe  to  meet  with  ragges, 
or  of  a  pide  colour:  not  having  yet  discovered  those 
places  where  we  heard  of  better  and  more  plenty.  One 
of  our  company,  a  man  of  skill  in  such  matters,  had 
gathered  together  from  among  the  Savage  people  about 
five  thousand :  of  which  number  he  chose  so  many  as  Five  thousand 
made  a  faire  chaine,  which  for  their  likenesse  and  P^^''^^^ 
uniformity  in  roundnesse,  orientnesse,  and  pidenesse  of 
many  excellent  colours,  with  equality  in  greatnesse,  were 
very  faire  and  rare :  and  had  therefore  beene  presented 
to  her  Majesty,  had  we  not  by  casualty,  and  through 
extremity  of  a  storme  lost  them,  with  many  things 
els  in  comming  away  from  the  countrey. 

Sweet  gummes  of  divers  kinds,  and  many  other 
Apothecary  drugges,  of  which  we  will  make  speciall 
mention,  when  we  shall  receive  it  from  such  men  of 
skill  in  that  kinde,  that  in  taking  reasonable  paines 
shal  discover  them  more  particularly  then  we  have  done, 
and  then  now  I  can  make  relation  of,  for  want  of  the 
examples  I  had  provided  and  gathered,  and  are  now  lost, 
with  other  things  by  casualty  before  mentioned. 

Dies  of  divers  kinds :  There  is  Shoemake  well  C- 
knowen,  and  used  in  England  for  blacke :  the  seed  of 
an  herbe  called  Wasebur,  little  small  roots  called  Chap- 
pacor,  and  the  barke  of  the  tree  called  by  the  inhabitants 
Tangomockonomindge :  which  dies  are  for  divers  sorts 
of  red :  their  goddnesse  for  our  English  clothes  remaine 
yet  to  be  prooved.  The  inhabitants  use  them  only  for 
the  dying  of  haire,  and  colouring  of  their  faces,  and 
mantles  made  of  Deere  skinnes :  and  also  for  the  dying 

357 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

of  rushes  to  make  artificiall  works  withall  in  their  mats 
and  baskets :  having  no  other  thing  besides  that  they 
account  of,  apt  to  use  them  for.  If  they  will  not  proove 
merchantable,  there  is  no  doubt  but  the  planters  there 
shall  finde  apt  uses  for  them,  as  also  for  other  colours 
which  we  know  to  be  there. 
^->  Woad :   a  thing  of  so  great   vent  and   uses  amongst 

English  Diers,  which  can  not  be  yeelded  sufficiently  in 
our  owne  countrey  for  spare  of  ground,  may  be  planted 
in  Virginia,  there  being  ground  enough.  The  growth 
thereof  need  not  to  be  doubted,  when  as  in  the  Islands 
of  the  A9ores  it  groweth  plentifully,  which  are  in  the 
same  climate.     So  likewise  of  Madder. 

We  caried  thither  Suger-canes  to  plant,  which  being 
not  so  well  preserved  as  was  requisite,  and  besides  the 
time  of  the  yeere  being  past  for  their  setting  when  we 
arrived,  we  could  not  make  that  proofe  of  them  as  we 
desired.  Notwithstanding,  seeing  that  they  grow  in  the 
same  climate,  in  the  South  part  of  Spaine,  and  in  Barbary, 
our  hope  in  reason  may  yet  continue.  So  likewise  for 
Orenges  and  Limmons.  There  may  be  planted  also 
Quinses.  Whereby  may  grow  in  reasonable  time,  if  the 
action  be  diligently  prosecuted,  no  small  commodities 
in  Sugars,  Suckets,  and  Marmelades. 

Many  other  commodities  by  planting  may  there  also 
[III.  270.]  be  raised,  which  I  leave  to  your  discreet  and  gentle 
considerations :  and  many  also  may  be  there,  which  yet 
we  have  not  discovered.  Two  more  commodities  of 
great  value,  one  of  certeinty,  and  the  other  in  hope,  not 
to  be  planted,  but  there  to  be  raised  and  in  short  time  to 
be  provided,  and  prepared,  I  might  have  specified.  So 
likewise  of  those  commodities  already  set  downe  I  might 
have  sayd  more  :  as  of  the  particular  places  where  they  are 
found,  and  best  to  be  planted  and  prepared  :  by  what 
meanes,  and  in  what  reasonable  space  of  time  they  might 
be  raised  to  profit,  and  in  what  proportion :  but  because 
others  then  welwillers  might  be  there  withall  acquainted, 
not  to  the  good  of  the  action,  I   have  wittingly  omitted 

358 


A  REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 
them :  knowing  that   to    those  that  are  well  disposed,  I 
have  uttered,  according  to  my  promise  and  purpose,  for 
this  part  sufficient. 

The  second  part  of  such  commodities  as  Virginia 
is  knowen  to  yeeld  for  victual!  and  sustenance 
of  mans  life,  usually  fed  upon  by  the  naturall 
inhabitants ;  as  also  by  us,  during  the  time  of 
our  abode :  and  first  of  such  as  are  sowed 
and  husbanded. 


Agatowr,  a  kinde  of  graine  so  called  by 
the  inhabitants :  the  same  in  the  West 
Indies  is  called  Mayz :  English  men 
call  it  Guiny-wheat  or  Turkey-wheat, 
according  to  the  names  of  the  countreys 
from  whence  the  like  hath  beene  brought. 
The  graine  is  about  the  bignesse  of  our 
ordinary  English  peaze,  and  not  much  different  in  forme 
and  shape :  but  of  divers  colours :  some  white,  some 
red,  some  yellow,  and  some  blew.  All  of  them  yeeld  a 
very  white  and  sweet  flowre :  being  used  according  to 
his  kinde,  it  maketh  a  very  good  bread.  We  made  of 
the  same  in  the  countrey  some  Mault,  whereof  was 
brewed  as  good  Ale  as  was  to  be  desired.  So  likewise 
by  the  helpe  of  Hops,  therof  may  be  made  as  good 
Beere.  It  is  a  graine  of  marvellous  great  increase :  of 
a  thousand,  fifteene  hundred,  and  some  two  thousand 
folde.  There  are  three  sorts,  of  which  two  are  ripe  in 
eleven  &  twelve  weeks  at  the  most,  sometimes  in  tenne, 
after  the  time  they  are  set,  and  are  then  of  height  in 
stalke  about  sixe  or  seven  foot.  The  other  sort  is  ripe 
in  foureteene,  and  is  about  tenne  foot  high,  of  the  stalks 
some  beare  foure  heads,  some  three,  some  one,  and  some 
two :  every  head  conteining  five,  sixe,  or  seven  hundred 
graines,  within  a  few  more  or  lesse.  Of  these  graines, 
besides  bread,  the  inhabitants  make  victuall,  either  by 
parching    them,    or    seething    them    whole    untill    they 

359 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

be    broken :    or    boiling    the    flowre    with    water    into    a 
pap. 

Okindgier,  called  by  us  Beanes,  because  in  greatnesse 
and  partly  in  shape  they  are  like  to  the  beanes  in  Eng- 
land, saving  that  they  are  flatter,  of  more  divers  colours, 
and  some  pide.  The  leafe  also  of  the  stemme  is  much 
different.  In  taste  they  are  altogether  as  good  as  our 
English  peaze. 

Wickonzowr,  called  by  us  Peaze,  in  respect  of  the 
Beanes,  for  distinction  sake,  because  they  are  much  lesse, 
although  in  forme  they  litle  differ :  but  in  goodnesse 
of  taste  much  like,  and  are  far  better  then  our  English 
Peaze.  Both  the  beanes  and  peaze  are  ripe  in  ten 
weeks  after  they  are  set.  They  make  them  victuall 
either  by  boiling  them  all  to  pieces  into  a  broth,  or 
boiling  them  whole  untill  they  be  soft,  and  beginne  to 
breake,  as  is  used  in  England,  either  by  themselves, 
or  mixtly  together :  sometime  they  mingle  of  the  Wheat 
with  them :  sometime  also,  being  whole  sodden,  they 
bruse  or  punne  them  in  a  morter,  and  therof  make 
loaves  or  lumps  of  doughish  bread,  which  they  use  to 
eat  for  variety. 

Macocquer,  according  to  their  several  formes,  called 
by  us  Pompions,  Melons,  and  Gourds,  because  they 
are  of  the  like  formes  as  those  kinds  in  England.  In 
Virginia  such  of  severall  formes  are  of  one  taste,  and 
very  good,  and  do  also  spring  from  one  seed.  There 
are  of  two  sorts :  one  is  ripe  in  the  space  of  a  moneth, 
and  the  other  in  two  moneths. 

There  is  an  herbe  which  in  Dutch  is  called  Melden. 
Some  of  those  that  I  describe  it  unto  take  it  to  be  a 
kinde  of  Orage :  it  groweth  about  foure  or  five  foot 
high  :  of  the  seed  thereof  they  make  a  thicke  broth,  and 
pottage  of  a  very  good  taste :  of  the  stalke  by  burning 
into  ashes  they  make  a  kinde  of  salt  earth,  wherewithall 
many  use  sometimes  to  season  their  broths :  other  salt 
they  know  not.  We  our  selves  used  the  leaves  also 
for  pot-herbs. 

360  , 


A  REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

There  is  also  another  great  herbe,  in  forme  of  a  Mari- 
golde,  about  sixe  foot  in  height,  the  head  with  the 
floure  is  a  spanne  in  breadth.  Some  take  it  to  be 
Planta  Solis :  of  the  seeds  hereof  they  make  both  a 
kinde  of  bread  and  broth. 

All  the  aforesayd  commodities  for  victuall  are  set  or 
sowed,  sometimes  in  grounds  apart  and  severally  by 
themselves,  but  for  the  most  part  together  in  one 
ground  mixtly :  the  maner  thereof,  with  the  dressing 
and  preparing  of  the  ground,  because  I  will  note  unto 
you  the  fertility  of  the  soile,  I  thinke  good  briefly  to 
describe. 

The  ground  they  never  fatten  with  mucke,  dung,  or  [III.  271.] 
any  other  thing,  neither  plow  nor  digge  it  as  we  in 
England,  but  onely  prepare  it  in  sort  as  foUoweth.  A 
few  dayes  before  they  sowe  or  set,  the  men  with 
woodden  instruments  made  almost  in  forme  of  mattocks 
or  hoes  with  long  handles :  the  women  with  short 
peckers  or  parers,  because  they  use  them  sitting,  of  a 
foot  long,  and  about  five  inches  in  breadth,  doe  onely 
breake  the  upper  part  of  the  ground  to  raise  up  the 
weeds,  grasse,  and  olde  stubbes  of  corne  stalks  with 
their  roots.  The  which  after  a  day  or  two  dayes  dry- 
ing in  the  Sunne,  being  scrapt  up  into  many  small 
heaps,  to  save  them  labour  for  carying  them  away,  they 
burne  into  ashes.  And  whereas  some  may  thinke  that 
they  use  the  ashes  for  to  better  the  ground,  I  say  that 
then  they  would  either  disperse  the  ashes  abroad,  which 
wee  observed  they  do  not,  except  the  heaps  be  too  great, 
or  els  would  take  speciall  care  to  set  their  corne  where 
the  ashes  lie,  which  also  wee  finde  they  are  carelesse  of. 
And  this  is  all  the  husbanding  of  their  ground  that 
they  use. 

Then  their  setting  or  sowing  is  after  this  maner. 
First  for  their  corne,  beginning  in  one  corner  of  the 
plot,  with  a  pecker  they  make  a  hole,  wherein  they  put 
foure  graines,  with  care  that  they  touch  not  one  another 
(about  an   inch  asunder)  &  cover  them  with  the  molde 

X  361 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

againe :  and  so  thorowout  the  whole  plot  making  such 
holes,  and  using  them  after  such  maner,  but  with  this 
regard,  that  they  be  made  in  ranks,  every  ranke  differing 
from  other  halfe  a  fadome  or  a  yard,  and  the  holes 
also  in  every  ranke  as  much.  By  this  meanes  there  is 
a  yard  spare  ground  betweene  every  hole :  where  accord- 
ing to  discretion  here  and  there,  they  set  as  many  Beanes 
and  Peaze ;  in  divers  places  also  among  the  seeds  of 
Macocquer,  Melden,  and  Planta  solis. 

The  ground  being  thus  set  according  to  the  rate  by 
us  experimented,  an  English  acre  conteining  forty  pearches 
in  length,  and  foure  in  breadth,  doth  there  yeeld  in 
croppe  or  ofcome  of  corne,  Beanes  and  Peaze,  at  the  least 
two  hundred  London  bushels,  besides  the  Macocquer, 
Melden,  and  Planta  solis ;  when  as  in  England  forty 
bushels  of  our  Wheat  yeelded  out  of  such  an  acre  is 
thought  to  be  much. 

I  thought  also  good  to  note  this  unto  you,  that  you 
which  shall  inhabit,  and  plant  there,  may  know  how 
specially  that  countrey  corne  is  there  to  be  preferred 
before  ours :  besides,  the  manifold  wayes  in  applying 
it  to  victual,  the  increase  is  so  much,  that  small  labor 
&  paines  is  needful  in  respect  of  that  which  must  be 
used  for  ours.  For  this  I  can  assure  you  that  according 
to  the  rate  we  have  made  proofe  of,  one  man  may  pre- 
pare and  husband  so  much  ground  (having  once  borne 
corne  before)  with  lesse  then  foure  and  twenty  houres 
labour,  as  shall  yeeld  him  victual  in  a  large  proportion 
for  a  twelvemoneth,  if  he  have  nothing  els  but  that 
which  the  same  ground  will  yeeld,  and  of  that  kinde 
onely  which  I  have  before  spoken  of:  the  sayd  ground 
being  also  but  of  five  and  twenty  yards  square.  And 
if  need  require,  but  that  there  is  ground  enough,  there 
might  be  raised  out  of  one  and  the  selfesame  ground 
two  harvests  or  ofcomes:  for  they  sow  or  set,  and  may 
at  any  time  when  they  thinke  good,  from  the  midst  of 
March  untill  the  end  of  June :  so  that  they  also  set 
when   they   have   eaten   of  their    first   croppe.     In  some 

362 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

places   of  the   countrey   notwithstanding   they  have    two 

harvests,  as    we    have  heard,  out  of  one  and  the  same 

ground. 

For  English  corne  neverthelesse,  whether  to  use  or 
not  to  use  it,  you  that  inhabit  may  doe  as  you  shall 
have  further  cause  to  thinke  best.  Of  the  growth  you 
need  not  to  doubt :  for  Barley,  Oats,  and  Peaze,  we 
have  seene  proofe  of,  not  being  purposely  sowen,  but 
fallen  casually  in  the  woorst  sort  of  ground,  and  yet  to 
be  as  faire  as  any  we  have  ever  seene  heere  in  England. 
But  of  Wheat,  because  it  was  musty,  and  had  taken 
salt  water,  we  could  make  no  triall :  and  of  Rie  we  had 
none.  Thus  much  have  I  digressed,  and  I  hope  not 
unnecessarily :  now  will  I  returne  againe  to  my  course, 
and  intreat  of  that  which  yet  remaineth,  apperteining  to 
this  chapter. 

There  is  an  herbe  which  is  sowed  apart  by  it  selfe, 
and  is  called  by  the  inhabitants  Uppowoc :  in  the  West 
Indies  it  hath  divers  names,  according  to  the  severall 
places  and  countreys  where  it  groweth  and  is  used :  the 
Spanyards  generally  call  it  Tabacco.  The  leaves  thereof  Tabacco. 
being  dried  and  brought  into  pouder,  they  use  to  take 
the  fume  or  smoake  thereof,  by  sucking  it  thorow  pipes 
made  of  clay,  into  their  stomacke  and  head ;  from  whence 
it  purgeth  superfluous  fleame  and  other  grosse  humours, 
and  openeth  all  the  pores  and  passages  of  the  body :  by 
which  meanes  the  use  thereof  not  onely  preserveth  the 
body  from  obstructions,  but  also  (if  any  be,  so  that  they 
have  not  bene  of  too  long  continuance)  in  short  time 
breaketh  them :  whereby  their  bodies  are  notably  pre- 
served in  health,  and  know  not  many  grievous  diseases, 
wherewithall  we   in   England   are   often  times   afflicted. 

This  Uppowoc  is  of  so  precious  estimation  amongst 
them,  that  they  thinke  their  gods  are  marvellously 
delighted  therewith :  whereupon  sometime  they  make 
hallowed  fires,  and  cast  some  of  the  pouder  therin  for 
a  sacrifice :  being  in  a  storme  upon  the  waters,  to  pacific 
their  gods,  they  cast  some  up  into  the  aire  and  into  the  [III.  272.] 

363 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

water :  so  a  weare  for  fish  being  newly  set  up,  they  cast 
some  therein  and  into  the  aire :  also  after  an  escape  of 
danger,  they  cast  some  into  the  aire  likewise :  but  all 
done  with  strange  gestures,  stamping,  sometime  dancing, 
clapping  of  hands,  holding  up  of  hands,  and  staring  up 
into  the  heavens,  uttering  therewithall,  and  chattering 
strano-e   words  and   noises. 

o 

We  our  selves,  during  the  time  we  were  there,  used 
to  sucke  it  after  their  maner,  as  also  since  our  returne, 
and  have  found  many  rare  and  woonderfull  experiments 
of  the  vertues  thereof:  of  which  the  relation  would 
require  a  volume  by  it  selfe :  the  use  of  it  by  so  many 
of  late  men  and  women  of  great  calling,  as  els,  and 
some  learned   Physicians  also,   is   sufficient   witnesse. 

And  these  are  all  the  commodities  for  sustenance  of 
life,  that  I  know  and  can  remember,  they  use  to  husband : 
all  els  that  follow,  are  found  growing  naturally  or  wilde. 

Of  Roots. 

^Penauk  are  a  kinde  of  roots  of  round  forme,  some 

of  the    bignesse    of  Walnuts,    some    farre    greater, 

which  are  found  in  moist  and   marish  grounds  growing 

many  together  one  by  another  in  ropes,  as  though  they 

were  fastened   with   a   string.     Being   boiled   or   sodden, 

Monardes         they  are  very  good  meat.     Monardes  calleth  these  roots, 

parte  2.  lib.  \.    gg^ds  or  Pater  nostri  of  Santa  Helena. 

cap.  4.  Qkeepenauk   are   also   of  round   shape,  found   in  dry 

grounds :    some   are    of  the    bignesse    of  a    mans   head. 

They  are    to    be    eaten    as    they   are    taken   out   of  the 

ground :     for    by    reason    of   their    drinesse    they    will 

neither  rost  nor  seethe.     Their  taste  is  not  so  good   as 

of  the  former  roots :   notwithstanding  for  want  of  bread, 

and  sometimes  for  variety  the  inhabitants  use  to  eat  them 

with  fish  or  flesh,  and  in  my  judgement  they  do  as  well  as 

the  housholde  bread  made  of  Rie  here  in  England. 

Kaishucpenauk,  a  white  kinde  of  roots  about  the  big- 
nesse of  hennes  egges,  and  neere  of  that  forme :  their 
taste  was  not  so  good  to  our  seeming  as  of  the  other,  and 

364 


O' 


A   REPORT   OF    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

therefore  their  place  and  maner  of  growing  not  so  much 
cared  for  by  us :  the  inhabitants  notwithstanding  used  to 
boile  and  eat  many. 

Tsinaw,  a  kind  of  root  much  like  unto  that  which  in 
England  is  called  the  China  root  brought  from  the  East 
Indies.  And  we  know  not  any  thing  to  the  contrary  but 
that  it  may  be  of  the  same  kinde.  These  roots  grow  many 
together  in  great  clusters,  and  do  bring  foorth  a  brier 
stalke,  but  the  leafe  in  shape  farre  unlike :  which  being 
supported  by  the  trees  it  groweth  neerest  unto,  will  reach 
or  climbe  to  the  top  of  the  highest.  From  these  roots 
while  they  be  new  or  fresh,  being  chopt  into  small  pieces, 
and  stampt,  is  strained  with  water  a  juice  that  maketh 
bread,  and  also  being  boiled,  a  very  good  spoonmeat  in 
maner  of  a  gelly,  and  is  much  better  in  taste,  if  it  be 
tempered  with  oile.  This  Tsinaw  is  not  of  that  sort, 
which  by  some  was  caused  to  be  brought  into  England 
for  the  China  root ;  for  it  was  discovered  since,  and  is  in 
use  as  is  aforesayd :  but  that  which  was  brought  hither  is 
not  yet  knowen,  neither  by  us  nor  by  the  inhabitants  to 
serve  for  any  use  or  purpose,  although  the  roots  in  shape 
are  very  like. 

Coscushaw  some  of  our  company  tooke  to  be  that 
kinde  of  root  which  the  Spanyards  in  the  West  Indies 
call  Cassavy,  whereupon  also  many  called  it  by  that  name : 
it  groweth  in  very  muddy  pooles,  and  moist  grounds. 
Being  dressed  according  to  the  countrey  maner,  it  maketh 
a  good  bread,  and  also  a  good  spoonmeat,  and  is  used 
very  much  by  the  inhabitants.  The  juice  of  this  root  is  The  juice  of 
poison,  &  therefore  heed  must  be  taken  before  any  thing  Coscushaw  is 
be  made  therewithall :  either  the  roots  must  be  first  ^°"°'^- 
sliced  and  dried  in  the  Sunne,  or  by  the  fire,  and  then 
being  punned  into  floure,  will  make  good  bread  :  or  els 
while  they  are  greene  they  are  to  be  pared,  cut  in  pieces, 
and  stampt :  loaves  of  the  same  to  be  layd  nere  or  over 
the  fire  untill  it  be  sowre ;  and  then  being  well  punned 
againe,  bread  or  spoonmeat  very  good  in  taste  and  hole- 
some  may  be  made  thereof. 

365 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

Habascon  is  a  root  of  hote  taste,  almost  of  the  forme 
and  bignesse  of  a  Parsnip  :  of  it  selfe  it  is  no  victuall,  but 
onely  a  helpe,  being  boiled  together  with  other  meats. 

There  are  also  Leeks,  differing  little  from  ours  in  Eng- 
land, that  grow  in  many  places  of  the  countrey ;  of 
which,  when  we  came  in  places  where  they  were,  we 
gathered    and    eat    many,    but    the    naturall    inhabitants 


to"- 

never. 


G 


Of  Fruits. 

(Hestnuts  there  are  in  divers  places  great  store :  some 
they  use  to  eat  raw,  some  they  stampe  and  boile  to 
make  spoonmeat,  and  with  some  being  sodden,  they 
make  such  a  maner  of  dough  bread  as  they  use  of  their 
beanes  before  mentioned, 
[III.  273.]  Walnuts.  There  are  two  kinds  of  Walnuts,  and  of 
them  infinite  store :  in  many  places,  where  are  very  great 
woods  for  many  miles  together,  the  third  part  of  trees 
are  Walnut  trees.  The  one  kinde  is  of  the  same  taste 
and  forme,  or  little  differing  from  ours  of  England,  but 
that  they  are  harder  and  thicker  shelled :  the  other  is 
greater,  and  hath  a  very  ragged  and  hard  shell :  but  the 
kernel  great,  very  oily  and  sweet.  Besides  their  eating 
of  them  after  our  ordinary  maner,  they  breake  them  with 
stones,  and  punne  them  in  morters  with  water,  to  make 
a  milke  which  they  use  to  put  into  some  sorts  of  their 
spoonemeat :  also  among  their  sodde  wheat,  peaze,  beanes 
and  pompions,  which  maketh  them  have  a  farre  more 
pleasant  taste. 

Medlars,  a  kinde  of  very  good  fruit :  so  called  by  us 
chiefly  for  these  respects :  first  in  that  they  are  not  good 
untill  they  be  rotten,  then  in  that  they  open  at  the  head 
as  our  Medlars,  and  are  about  the  same  bignesse :  other- 
wise in  taste  and  colour  they  are  farre  different ;  for  they 
are  as  red  as  cheries,  and  very  sweet :  but  whereas  the 
chery  is  sharpe  sweet,  they  are  lushious  sweet. 

Mutaquesunnauk,  a  kinde  of  pleasant  fruit  almost  of 
the  shape  and  bignesse  of  English  peares,  but  that  they  are 

366 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

'  1586. 

of  a  perfect  red  colour  aswell  within  as  without.     They  There  are  Hi. 
grow  on  a  plant  whose  leaves  are  very  thicke,  and  full  of  i^^^ds  ofTums 
prickles  as  sharpe  as  needles.     Some  that  have  beene  in  "^kick  heareth 
the  Indies,  where  they  have  scene  that  kind  of  red  die  of  nofruithhing- 
great  price,  which  is  called  Cochinile,  to  grow,  doe  de-  ethfoorth  the 
scribe  his  plant  right  like  unto  this  of  Metaquesunnauk ;  Cochinilk. 
but  whether  it  be  the  true  Cochinile,  or  a  bastard  or  wilde 
kinde,   it  cannot  yet  be   certified,   seeing  that  also,  as  I 
heard,  Cochinile  is  not  of  the  fruit,  but  found  on  the 
leaves  of  the  plant :  which  leaves  for  such  matter  we  have 
not  so  specially  observed. 

Grapes  there  are  of  two  sorts,  which  I  mentioned  in 
the  merchantable  commodities. 

Strawberies  there  are  as  good  and  as  great  as  those 
which  we  have  in  our  English  gardens. 

Mulberies,  Applecrabs,  Hurts  or  Hurtleberies,  such  as 
we  have  in  England. 

Sacquenummener,  a  kinde  of  berries  almost  like  unto 
Capers,  but  somewhat  greater,  which  grow  together  in 
clusters  upon  a  plant  or  hearbe  that  is  found  in  shallow 
waters :  being  boiled  eight  or  nine  houres  according  to 
their  kinde,  are  very  good  meat  and  holesome  ;  otherwise 
if  they  be  eaten  they  will  make  a  man  for  the  time  fran- 
tike  or  extremely  sicke. 

There  is  a  kinde  of  Reed  which  beareth  a  seed  almost 
like  unto  our  Rie  or  Wheat ;  and  being  boiled  is  good 
meat. 

In  our  travels  in  some  places  we  found  Wilde  peaze 
like  unto  ours  in  England,  but  that  they  were  lesse, 
which  are  also  good  meat. 

Of  a  kinde  of  fruit  or  berry  in  forme  of  Acornes. 

THere  is  a  kinde  of  berry  or  acorne,  of  which  there  are 
five  sorts  that  grow  on  severall  kindes  of  trees :  the 
one  is  called  Sagatemener,  the  second  Osamener,  the  third 
Pummuckoner.  These  kinde  of  acornes  they  use  to  drie 
upon  hurdles  made  of  reeds,  with  fire  underneath,  almost 
after  the  maner  as  we  dry  Malt  in  England.     When  they 

367 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

are  to  be  used,  they  first  water  them  untill  they  be  soft, 
and  then  being  sod,  they  make  a  good  victuall,  either  to 
eat  so  simply,  or  els  being  also  punned  to  makes  loaves 
or  lumps  of  bread.  These  be  also  the  three  kinds,  of 
which  I  sayd  before  the  inhabitants  used  to  make 
sweet  oile. 

Another  sort  is  called  Sapummener,  which  being  boiled 
or  parched,  doth  eat  and  taste  like  unto  Chesnuts.  They 
sometime  also  make  bread  of  this  sort. 

The  fift  sort  is  called  Mangummenauk,  and  is  the 
acorne  of  their  kinde  of  Oake,  the  which  being  dried 
after  the  maner  of  the  first  sorts,  and  afterward  watered, 
they  boile  them,  and  their  servants,  or  sometime  the 
chiefe  themselves,  either  for  variety  or  for  want  of  bread, 
do  eat  them  with  their  fish  or  flesh. 

Of  Beasts. 

DEere,  in  some  places  there  are  great  store:  neere 
unto  the  Sea  coast  they  are  of  the  ordinary  bignesse 
of  ours  in  England,  and  some  lesse :  but  further  up  into 
the  countrey,  where  there  is  better  food,  they  are  greater  : 
they  differ  from  ours  onely  in  this,  their  tailes  are  longer, 
and  the  snags  of  their  homes  looke  backward. 

Conies.  Those  that  we  have  scene,  and  all  that  we 
can  heare  of  are  of  a  gray  colour  like  unto  Hares :  in 
some  places  there  are  such  plenty  that  all  the  people  of 
some  townes  make  them  mantles  of  the  furre  or  flue  of 
the  skinnes  of  those  which  they  usually  take. 

Saquenuckot  and  Maquowoc,  two  kinds  of  small  beasts 
greater  then  Conies,  which  are  very  good  meat.  We 
never  tooke  any  of  them  our  selves  but  sometime  eat 
of  such  as  the  inhabitants  had  taken  and  brought  unto  us. 
[III.  274.]  Squirels,  which  are  of  a  grey  colour,  we  have  taken  and 
eaten. 

Beares,  which  are  of  blacke  colour.  The  beares  of 
this  countrey  are  good  meat.  The  inhabitants  in  time 
of  Winter  do  use  to  take  &  eat  many  :  so  also  sometime 
did   we.     They   are   taken   commonly    in  this  sort  :     In 

368 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

some  Islands  or  places  where  they  are,  being  hunted 
for,  assoone  as  they  have  spiall  of  a  man,  they  presently 
run  away,  and  then  being  chased,  they  clime  and  get  up 
the  next  tree  they  can  :  from  whence  with  arrowes  they 
are  shot  downe  starke  dead,  or  with  those  wounds  that 
they  may  after  easily  be  killed.  We  sometime  shot 
them   downe  with  our  calievers. 

I  have  the  names  of  eight  and  twenty  severall  sorts 
of  beasts,  which  I  have  heard  of  to  be  here  and  there 
dispersed  in  the  countrey,  especially  in  the  maine  :  of 
which  there  are  only  twelve  kinds  that  we  have  yet 
discovered  ;  and  of  those  that  be  good  meat  we  know 
only  them  before  mentioned.  The  inhabitants  sometime 
kill  the  Lion,  and  eat  him  :  and  we  sometime  as  they 
came  to  our  hands  of  their  Woolves  or  Woolvish  dogs, 
which  I  have  not  set  downe  for  good  meat,  least  that 
some  would  understand  my  judgement  therein  to  be 
more  simple  then  needeth,  although  I  could  alleage  the 
difference  in  taste  of  those  kinds  from  ours,  which  by 
some  of  our  company  have  bene  experimented  in 
both. 

Of  Fov^le. 

TUrkie  cocks  and  Turkie  hennes.  Stockdoves, 
Partridges,  Cranes,  Hemes,  and  in  Winter  great 
store  of  Swannes  and  Geese.  Of  all  sorts  of  fowle  I 
have  the  names  in  the  countrey  language  of  fourescore 
and  sixe,  of  which  number,  besides  those  that  be  named, 
we  have  taken,  eaten,  &  have  the  pictures  as  they  were 
there  drawen,  with  the  names  of  the  inhabitants,  of 
severall  strange  sorts  of  water  fowle  eight,  and  seven- 
teene  kinds  more  of  land  fowle,  although  we  have  scene 
and  eaten  of  many  more,  which  for  want  of  leasure 
there  for  the  purpose,  could  not  be  pictured  :  and  after 
we  are  better  furnished  and  stored  upon  further  discovery 
with  their  strange  beasts,  fish,  trees,  plants,  and  herbs, 
they  shalbe  also  published. 

There  are  also   Parrots,  Faulcons,  and  Marlin  hauks, 

VIII  369  2  A 


F 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

which  although  with  us  they  be  not  used  for  meat,  yet 
for  other  causes  I   thought  good  to  mention. 

Of  Fish. 

^Or  foure  moneths  of  the  yeere,  February,  March, 
Aprill  and  May,  there  are  plenty  of  Sturgeons. 
And  also  in  the  same  moneths  of  Herrings,  some  of 
the  ordinary  bignesse  of  ours  in  England,  but  the  most 
part  farre  greater,  of  eighteene,  twenty  inches,  and  some 
two  foot  in  length  and  better  :  both  these  kinds  of  fish 
in  those  moneths  are  most  plentifull,  and  in  best  season, 
which  we  found  to  be  most  delicate  and  pleasant  meat. 

There   are   also    Trouts,    Porpoises,   Rayes,   Oldwives, 

Mullets,  Plaice,  and  very  many  other  sorts  of  excellent 

good  fish,  which  we  have  taken  and  eaten,  whose  names 

I   know   not   but    in    the    countrey   language  :    we    have 

the  pictures  of  twelve  sorts  more,  as  they  were  drawen 

in  the  countrey,  with   their  names. 

In  the  gulfe  The    inhabitants    use    to    take    them    two    maner    of 

of  Califormta   ^^ayes  ;  the  one  is  by  a  kinde  of  weare  made  of  reeds, 

like  Min?       which  in  that  country  are  very  strong  :   the  other  way, 

which  is  more  strange,  is  with  poles  made  sharpe  at  one 

end,  by  shooting  them  into  the  fish  after  the   maner  as 

Irish  men  cast  darts,  either  as  they  are  rowing  in  their 

boats,  or  els  as  they  are  wading  in  the  shallowes  for  the 

purpose. 

There  are  also  in  many  places  plenty  of  these  kinds 
which   follow  : 

Sea-crabs,   such  as  we  have  in   England. 

Oisters,  some  very  great,  and  some  small,  some 
round,  and  some  of  a  long  shape  :  they  are  found  both 
in  salt  water  and  brackish,  and  those  that  we  had  out 
of  salt  water  are  farre  better  then  the  other,  as  in  our 
countrey. 

Also   Muscles,   Scalops,  Periwinkles,  and  Crevises. 

Seekanauk,  a  kinde  of  crusty  shel-fish,  which  is  good 
meat,  about  a  foot  in  bredth,  having  a  crusty  taile  many 
legges   like   a   crab,  and   her  eyes  in  her  backe.       They 

370 


A  REPORT   OF  VIRGINIA 

are  found  in  shallowes  of  waters,  and  sometime  on  the 
shore. 

There  are  many  Tortoises  both  of  land  and  sea  kinde, 
their  backs  and  bellies  are  shelled  very  thicke  ;  their  head, 
feet,  and  taile,  which  are  in  appearance,  seeme  ougly, 
as  though  they  were  members  of  a  serpent  or  venimous 
beasts  ;  but  notwithstanding  they  are  very  good  meat, 
as  also  their  eggs.  Some  have  bene  found  of  a  yard  in 
bredth   and  better. 

And  thus  have  I  made  relation  of  all  sorts  of  victuall 
that  we  fed  upon  for  the  time  we  were  in  Virginia,  as 
also  the  inhabitants  themselves,  as  farre  forth  as  I  know 
and  can  remember,  or  that  are  specially  woorthy  to  be 
remembred. 


A.D. 

1586. 


The  third  and  last  part  of  such  other  things  as  are  [HI.  275. 
behovefull  for  those  which  shall  plant  and  in- 
habite   to  know  of,  with  a  description  of  the 
nature  and  maners  of  the  people  of  the  Coun- 
trey. 

Of  commodities  for  building  and  other  necessary 

uses. 


Hose  other  things  which  I  am  more  to 
make  rehearsal  of,  are  such  as  concerne 
building,  &  other  mechanicall  necessary 
uses,  as  divers  sorts  of  trees  for  house 
and  ship-timber,  and  other  uses  else  : 
Also  lime,  stone,  and  bricke,  least  that 
being  not  mentioned  some  might  have 
bene  doubted  of,  or  by  some  that  are  malitious  the 
contrary  reported. 

Okes  there  are  as  faire,  straight,  tall,  and  as  good 
timber  as  any  can  be,  and  also  great  store,  and  in  some 
places  very  great. 

Walnut  trees,  as  I  have  said  before  very  many,  some 
have  bene  seene  excellent  faire  timber  of  foure  and  five 

371 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

fadome,    and    above    fourescore    foote    straight    without 
bough. 

Firre  trees  fit  for  masts  of  ships,  some  very  tall  and 
great. 

Rakiock,  a  kinde  of  trees  so  called  that  are  sweete 
wood,  of  which  the  inhabitants  that  were  neere  unto 
us  doe  commonly  make  their  boates  or  Canoas  of  the 
forme  of  trowes,  onely  with  the  helpe  of  fire,  hatchets 
of  stones,  and  shels  :  we  have  knowen  some  so  great 
being  made  in  that  sort  of  one  tree,  that  they  have 
caried  well  20.  men  at  once,  besides  much  baggage  :  the 
timber  being  great,  tall,  streight,  soft,  light,  and  yet 
tough  ynough  I  thinke  (besides  other  uses)  to  be  fit  also 
for  masts  of  ships. 

Cedar,  a  sweete  wood  good  for  seelings,  chests,  boxes, 
bedsteads,  lutes,  virginals,  and  many  things  els,  as  I 
have  also  said  before.  Some  of  our  company  which 
have  wandered  in  some  places  where  I  have  not  bene, 
have  made  certaine  affirmation  of  Cyprus,  which  for 
such  and  other  excellent  uses  is  also  a  wood  of  price 
and  no  small  estimation. 

Maple,  and  also  Wich-hazle,  whereof  the  inhabitants 
use  to  make  their  bowes. 

Holly,  a  necessary  thing  for  the  making  of  birdlime. 

Willowes  good  for  the  making  of  weares  and  weeles 
to  take  fish  after  the  English  maner,  although  the 
inhabitants  use  onely  reedes,  which  because  they  are  so 
strong  as  also  flexible,  doe  serve  for  that  turne  very 
well  and   sufficiently. 

Beech  and  Ashe,  good  for  caske-hoopes,  and  if  neede 
require,   plowe  worke,  as  also  for  many  things  els. 

Elme.}      {Sassafras  trees. 

Ascopo  a  kinde  of  tree  very  like  unto  Lawrell,  the 
barke  is  hot  in  taste  and  spicie,  it  is  very  like  to  that 
tree  which  Monardes  describeth  to  be  Cassia  Lignea  of 
the   West   Indies. 

There  are  many  other  strange  trees  whose  names  I 
know  not  but  in  the  Virginian  language,  of  which  I  am 

372 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

not  now  able,  neither  is  it  so  convenient  for  the  present 
to  trouble  you  with  particular  relation  :  seeing  that  for 
timber  and  other  necessary  uses,  I  have  named  sufficient. 
And  of  many  of  the  rest,  but  that  they  may  be  applied 
to  good  use,   I   know  no  cause  to  doubt. 

Now  for  stone,  bricke,  and  lime,  thus  it  is.  Neere 
unto  the  Sea  coast  where  wee  dwelt,  there  are  no  kinde 
of  stones  to  be  found  (except  a  few  small  pebbles  about 
foure  miles  off)  but  such  as  have  bene  brought  from 
further  out  of  the  maine.  In  some  of  our  voyages  we 
have  seene  divers  hard  raggie  stones,  great  pebbles,  and 
a  kinde  of  gray  stone  like  unto  marble  of  which  the 
inhabitants  make  their  hatchets  to  cleave  wood.  Upon 
inquirie  wee  heard  that  a  little  further  up  into  the 
Countrey  were  of  all  sorts  very  many,  although  of 
quarries  they  are  ignorant,  neither  have  they  use  of  any 
store  whereupon  they  should  have  occasion  to  seeke 
any.  For  if  every  housholde  have  one  or  two  to 
cracke  nuts,  grinde  shels,  whet  copper,  and  sometimes 
other  stones  for  hatchets,  they  have  ynough  :  neither 
use  they  any  digging,  but  onely  for  graves  about  three 
foote  deepe  :  and  therefore  no  marveile  that  they  know 
neither  quarries,  nor  lime-stones,  which  both  may  be  in 
places  neerer  then  they  wot  of. 

In  the  meane  time  until  there  be  discovery  of  sufficient 
store  in  some  place  or  other  convenient,  the  want  of  you 
which  are  &  shalbe  the  planters  therein  may  be  as  well 
supplied  by  bricke :  for  the  making  whereof  in  divers 
places  of  the  Countrey  there  is  clay  both  excellent  good, 
and  plentie,  and  also  by  lime  made  of  oyster  shels,  and 
of  others  burnt,  after  the  maner  as  they  use  in  the  Isles 
of  Tenet  and  Shepy,  and  also  in  divers  other  places  of 
England  :  Which  kinde  of  lime  is  well  knowen  to  be  as 
good  as  any  other.  And  of  oyster  shels  there  is  plentie 
ynough  :  for  besides  divers  other  particular  places  where  [III.  276.] 
are  abundance,  there  is  one  shallow  Sound  along  the 
coast,  where  for  the  space  of  many  miles  together  in 
length,  and  two  or  three  miles  in  breadth,  the  ground  is 

373 


A.D. 

1586. 


Jaques  Car- 
tier,  voyage  2. 
chap.  8. 


THE  ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

nothing   els,  being  but  halfe   a   foote   or   a   foote   under 
water  for  the  most  part. 

Thus  much  can  I  say  furthermore  of  stones,  that 
about  120.  miles  from  our  fort  neere  the  water  in  the 
side  of  a  hill,  was  found  by  a  Gentleman  of  our  com- 
pany, a  great  veine  of  hard  ragge  stones,  which  I  thought 
good  to  remember  unto  you. 

Of  the  nature  and  maners  of  the  people. 

T  resteth  I  speake  a  word  or  two  of  the 
naturall  inhabitants,  their  natures  and 
maners,  leaving  large  discourse  thereof 
until  time  more  convenient  hereafter  : 
nowe  onely  so  farre  foorth,  as  that  you 
may  know,  how  that  they  in  respect  of 
troubling    our    inhabiting    and    planting, 


are  not  to  be  feared,  but  that  they  shall  have  cause  both 
to  feare  and  love  us,  that  shall  inhabite  with   them. 

They  are  a  people  clothed  with  loose  mantles  made 
of  deere  skinnes,  and  aprons  of  the  same  round  about 
their  middles,  all  els  naked,  of  such  a  difference  of 
statures  onely  as  wee  in  England,  having  no  edge  tooles 
or  weapons  of  yron  or  Steele  to  offend  us  withall,  neither 
knowe  they  how  to  make  any  :  those  weapons  that  they 
have,  are  onely  bowes  made  of  Witch-hazle,  and  arrowes 
of  reedes,  flat  edged  truncheons  also  of  wood  about  a 
yard  long,  neither  have  they  any  thing  to  defend  them- 
selves but  targets  made  of  barkes,  and  some  armours 
made  of  sticks  wickered  together  with  thread. 

Their  townes  are  but  small,  and  neere  the  Sea  coast 
but  fewe,  some  contayning  but  tenne  or  twelve  houses  ; 
some  20.  the  greatest  that  we  have  seene  hath  bene  but 
of  30.  houses  :  if  they  bee  walled,  it  is  onely  done  with 
barkes  of  trees  made  fast  to  stakes,  or  els  with  poles 
onely  fixed  upright,  and  close  one  by  another. 

Their  houses  are  made  of  small  poles,  made  fast  at 
the  tops  in  round  forme  after  the  maner  as  is  used  in 
many    arbories    in    our   gardens    of    England,    in    most 

374 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

townes  covered  with  barkes,  and  in  some  with  artificiall 

mats  made  of  long  rushes,  from  the  tops  of  the  houses 

downe  to  the  ground.     The  length  of  them  is  commonly 

double  to  the  breadth,  in  some   places  they  are  but   12. 

and   16.  yards  long,  and  in  other   some  we   have   scene 

of  foure  and  twentie. 

In  some  places  of  the  Countrey,  one  onely  towne 
belongeth  to  the  government  of  a  Wiroans  or  chiefe 
Lord,  in  other  some  two  or  three,  in  some  sixe,  eight, 
and  more :  the  greatest  Wiroans  that  yet  wee  had 
dealing  with,  had  but  eighteene  townes  in  his  govern- 
ment, and  able  to  make  not  above  seven  or  eight 
hundreth  fighting  men  at  the  most.  The  language  of 
every  government  is  different  from  any  other,  and  the 
further  they  are  distant,  the  greater  is   the   difference. 

Their  maner  of  warres  amongst  themselves  is  either  by 
sudden  surprising  one  an  other  most  commonly  about 
the  dawning  of  the  day,  or  moone-light,  or  els  by  am- 
bushes, or  some  subtile  devises.  Set  battels  are  very 
rare,  except  it  fall  out  where  there  are  many  trees, 
where  either  part  may  have  some  hope  of  defence, 
after  the  delivery  of  every  arrow,  in  leaping  behind 
some  or  other. 

If  there  fall  out  any  warres  betweene  us  and  them, 
what  their  fight  is  likely  to  bee,  wee  having  advantages 
against  them  so  many  maner  of  wayes,  as  by  our 
discipline,  our  strange  weapons  and  devises  else, 
especially  Ordinance  great  and  small,  it  may  easily  bee 
imagined  :  by  the  experience  wee  have  had  in  some 
places,  the  turning  Up  of  their  heeles  against  us  in 
running  away  was  their  best  defence. 

In  respect  of  us  they  are  a  people  poore,  and  for 
want  of  skill  and  judgement  in  the  knowledge  and  use 
of  our  things,  doe  esteeme  our  trifles  before  things  of 
greater  value  :  Notwithstanding,  in  their  proper  maner 
(considering  the  want  of  such  meanes  as  we  have), 
they  seeme  very  ingenious.  For  although  they  have  no 
such  tooles,  nor  any  such  crafts.  Sciences  and   Artes  as 

375 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

wee,  yet  in  those  things  they  doe,  they  shew  excellencie 
of  wit.  And  by  how  much  they  upon  due  consideration 
shall  finde  our  maner  of  knowledges  and  crafts  to 
exceede  theirs  in  perfection,  and  speede  for  doing  or 
execution,  by  so  much  the  more  is  it  probable  that 
they  should  desire  our  friendship  and  love,  and  have 
the  greater  respect  for  pleasing  and  obeying  us. 
Whereby  may  bee  hoped,  if  meanes  of  good  government 
be  used,  that  they  may  in  short  time  bee  brought  to 
civilitie,  and  the  imbracing  of  true  Religion. 

Some  religion  they  have  already,  which  although  it 
be  farre  from  the  trueth,  yet  being  as  it  is,  there  is 
hope  it  may  be  the  easier  and  sooner   reformed. 

They  beleeve  that  there  are  many  gods,  which  they 
call  Mantoac,  but  of  different  sorts  &  degrees,  one 
onely  chiefe  and  great  God,  which  hath  bene  from  all 
[III.  277,]  eternitie.  Who,  as  they  affirme,  when  hee  purposed  to 
make  the  world,  made  first  other  gods  of  a  principal] 
order,  to  be  as  meanes  and  instruments  to  be  used  in 
the  creation  and  government  to  follow,  and  after  the 
Sunne,  moone,  and  starres  as  pettie  gods,  and  the 
instruments  of  the  other  order  more  principal.  First 
(they  say)  were  made  waters,  out  of  which  by  the  gods 
was  made  all  diversitie  of  creatures  that  are  visible  or 
invisible. 

For  mankinde  they  say  a  woman  was  made  first, 
which  by  the  working  of  one  of  the  gods,  conceived 
and  brought  foorth  children  :  And  in  such  sort  they 
say  they  had  their  beginning.  But  how  many  yeeres  or 
ages  have  passed  since,  they  say  they  can  make  no  re- 
lation, having  no  letters  nor  other  such  meanes  as  we  to 
keepe  Records  of  the  particularities  of  times  past,  but 
onely  tradition  from  father  to  sonne. 

They  thinke  that  all  the  gods  are  of  humane  shape, 
and  therefore  they  represent  them  by  images  in  the 
formes  of  men,  which  they  call  Kewasowok,  one  alone 
is  called  Kewas  :  them  they  place  in  houses  appropriate 
or   temples,  which   they  call    Machicomuck,  where   they 

376 


A   VIRGINIAN   PRIEST 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

worship,  pray,  sing,  and  make  many  times  offring  unto 
them.  In  some  Machicomuck  we  have  scene  but  one 
Kewas,  in  some  two,  and  in  other  some  three.  The 
common  sort  thinke  them  to  be  also   gods. 

They  beleeve  also  the  immortalitie  of  the  soule,  that 
after  this  life  as  soone  as  the  soule  is  departed  from  the 
body,  according  to  the  workes  it  hath  done,  it  is  either 
caried  to  heaven  the  habitacle  of  gods,  there  to  enjoy 
perpetuall  blisse  and  happinesse,  or  els  to  a  great  pitte 
or  hole,  which  they  thinke  to  be  in  the  furthest  parts  of 
their  part  of  the  world  toward  the  Sunne  set,  there  to 
burne  continually  :   the  place  they  call  Popogusso. 

For  the  confirmation  of  this  opinion,  they  tolde  me 
two  stories  of  two  men  that  had  bene  lately  dead  and 
revived  againe,  the  one  happened  but  few  yeeres 
before  our  comming  into  the  Countrey  of  a  wicked 
man,  which  having  bene  dead  and  buried,  the  next  day 
the  earth  of  the  grave  being  scene  to  move,  was  taken 
up  againe,  who  made  declaration  where  his  soule  had  bene, 
that  is  to  say,  very  neere  entring  into  Popogusso,  had 
not  one  of  the  gods  saved  him,  and  gave  him  leave  to 
returne  againe,  and  teach  his  friends  what  they  should 
do  to  avoyd  that  terrible  place  of  torment.  The  other 
happened  in  the  same  yecre  we  were  there,  but  in  a 
towne  that  was  60.  miles  from  us,  and  it  was  told  me 
for  strange  newes,  that  one  being  dead,  buried,  and 
taken  up  againe  as  the  first,  shewed  that  although  his 
body  had  lien  dead  in  the  grave,  yet  his  soule  was 
alive,  &  had  travailed  farre  in  a  long  broad  way,  on 
both  sides  whereof  grew  most  delicate  and  pleasant 
trees,  bearing  more  rare  and  excellent  fruits,  then  ever 
hee  had  scene  before,  or  was  able  to  expresse,  and  at 
length  came  to  most  brave  and  faire  houses,  neere 
which  he  met  his  father  that  had  bene  dead  before, 
who  gave  him  great  charge  to  goe  backe  againe,  and 
shew  his  friendes  what  good  they  were  to  doe  to  en- 
joy the  pleasures  of  that  place,  which  when  he  had 
done  he  should  after   come   againe. 

377 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

What  subtiltie  soever  be  In  the  Wiroances  and 
priestes,  this  opinion  worketh  so  much  in  many  of  the 
common  and  simple  sort  of  people,  that  it  maketh 
them  have  great  respect  to  their  Governours,  and  also 
great  care  what  they  doe,  to  avoyd  torment  after  death, 
and  to  enjoy  blisse,  although  notwithstanding  there  is 
punishment  ordeined  for  malefactours,  as  stealers, 
whoremongers,  and  other  sorts  of  wicked  doers,  some 
punished  with  death,  some  with  forfeitures,  some  with 
beating,  according  to  the  greatnesse  of  the  facts. 

And  this  is  the  summe  of  their  Religion,  which  I 
learned  by  having  speciall  familiaritie  with  some  of 
their  priests.  Wherein  they  were  not  so  sure 
grounded,  nor  gave  such  credite  to  their  traditions  and 
stories,  but  through  conversing  with  us  they  were 
brought  into  great  doubts  of  their  owne,  and  no  small 
admiration  of  ours,  with  earnest  desire  in  many,  to 
learne  more  then  wee  had  meanes  for  want  of  perfect 
utterance  in  their  language  to  expresse. 

Most  things  they  sawe  with  us,  as  Mathematical! 
instruments,  sea  Compasses,  the  vertue  of  the  load-stone 
in  drawing  yron,  a  perspective  glasse  whereby  was 
shewed  many  strange  sights,  burning  glasses,  wilde 
firewoorkes,  gunnes,  hookes,  writing  and  reading,  spring- 
clockes  that  seeme  to  goe  of  themselves  and  many 
other  things  that  wee  had  were  so  strange  unto  them, 
and  so  farre  exceeded  their  capacities  to  comprehend  the 
reason  and  meanes  how  they  should  be  made  and  done, 
that  they  thought  they  were  rather  the  workes  of  gods 
then  of  men,  or  at  the  leastwise  they  had  bene  given 
and  taught  us  of  the  gods.  Which  made  many  of 
them  to  have  such  opinion  of  us,  as  that  if  they  knew 
not  the  trueth  of  God  and  Religion  already,  it  was 
rather  to  bee  had  from  us  whom  God  so  specially 
loved,  then  from  a  people  that  were  so  simple,  as  they 
found  themselves  to  be  in  comparison  of  us.  Where- 
upon greater  credite  was  given  unto  that  wee  spake  of, 
concerning  such   matters. 

378 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

Many  times  and  in  every  towne  where  1  came, 
according  as  I  was  able,  I  made  declaration  of  the  con- 
tents of  the  Bible,  that  therein  was  set  foorth  the  true 
and  onely  God,  and  his  mightie  workes,  that  therein  [HI.  278.] 
was  conteined  the  true  doctrine  of  salvation  through 
Christ,  with  many  particularities  of  Miracles  and  chiefe 
points  of  Religion,  as  I  was  able  then  to  utter,  and 
thought  fit  for  the  time.  And  although  I  told  them 
the  booke  materially  and  of  it  selfe  was  not  of 
any  such  vertue,  as  I  thought  they  did  conceive,  but 
onely  the  doctrine  therein  conteined :  yet  would  many 
be  glad  to  touch  it,  to  embrace  it,  to  kisse  it,  to  holde 
it  to  their  breastes  and  heads,  and  stroke  over  all 
their  body  with  it,  to  shew  their  hungry  desire  of  that 
knowledge  which  was  spoken  of. 

The  Wiroans  with  whom  we  dwelt  called  Wingina, 
and  many  of  his  people  would  bee  glad  many  times  to 
be  with  us  at  our  Prayers,  and  many  times  call  upon 
us  both  in  his  owne  towne,  as  also  in  others  whither 
hee  sometimes  accompanied  us,  to  pray  and  sing 
Psalmes,  hoping  thereby  to  be  partaker  of  the  same 
effects  which  we  by  that  meanes  also  expected. 

Twise  this  "Wiroans  was  so  grievously  sicke  that  he 
was  like  to  die,  and  as  he  lay  languishing,  doubting 
of  any  helpe  by  his  owne  priestes,  and  thinking  hee  was 
in  such  danger  for  offending  us  and  thereby  our  God, 
sent  for  some  of  us  to  pray  and  bee  a  meanes  to  our 
God  that  it  would  please  him  either  that  he  might  live, 
or  after  death  dwell  with  him  in  blisse,  so  likewise 
were  the  requests  of  many  others  in  the  like  case. 

On  a  time  also  when  their  corne  began  to  wither  by 
reason  of  a  drought  which  happened  extraordinarily, 
fearing  that  it  had  come  to  passe  by  reason  that  in 
some  thing  they  had  displeased  us,  many  would  come 
to  us  and  desire  us  to  pray  to  our  God  of  England, 
that  he  would  preserve  their  Corne,  promising  that 
when  it  was  ripe  we  also  should  be  partakers  of  the 
fruit. 

379 


AD.  THE    ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1586. 

There  could  at  no  time  happen  any  strange  sick- 
nesse,  losses,  hurts,  or  any  other  crosse  unto  them,  but 
that  they  would  impute  to  us  the  cause  or  meanes 
thereof,  for  offending  or  not  pleasing  us.  One  other 
rare  and  strange  accident,  leaving  others,  wil  I  mention 
before  I  end,  which  moved  the  whole  Countrey  that 
either  knew  or  heard  of  us,  to  have  us  in  wonderfuU 
admiration. 

There  was  no  towne  where  wee  had  any  subtile 
devise  practised  against  us,  wee  leaving  it  unpunished 
or  not  revenged  (because  we  sought  by  all  meanes 
possible  to  win  them  by  gentlenesse)  but  that  within  a 
few  dayes  after  our  departure  from  every  such  Towne, 
the  people  began  to  die  very  fast,  and  many  in  short 
space,  in  some  Townes  about  twentie,  in  some  fourtie, 
and  in  one  sixe  score,  which  in  trueth  was  very  many  in 
respect  of  their  numbers.  This  happened  in  no  place 
that  we  could  learne,  but  where  we  had  bin,  where  they 
used  some  practise  against  us,  &  after  such  time.  The 
disease  also  was  so  strange,  that  they  neither  knewe 
what  it  was,  nor  how  to  cure  it,  the  like  by  report  of 
the  oldest  men  in  the  Countrey  never  happened  before, 
time  out  of  minde.  A  thing  specially  observed  by  us, 
as  also  by  the  naturall  inhabitants  themselves.  Inso- 
much that  when  some  of  the  inhabitants  which  were 
our  friends,  and  especially  the  Wiroans  Wingina,  had 
observed  such  effects  in  foure  or  five  Townes  to 
followe  their  wicked  practises,  they  were  perswaded  that 
it  was  the  worke  of  our  God  through  our  meanes,  and 
that  we  by  him  might  kill  and  slay  whom  we  would 
without  weapons,  and  not  come  neere  them.  And 
thereupon  when  it  had  happened  that  they  had  under- 
standing that  any  of  their  enemies  had  abused  us  in 
our  journeys,  hearing  that  we  had  wrought  no  revenge 
with  our  weapons,  and  fearing  upon  some  cause  the 
matter  should  so  rest  :  did  come  and  intreate  us  that 
we  would  be  a  meanes  to  our  God  that  they  as  others 
that    had    dealt    ill    with    us    might    in    like     sort    die, 

380 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

alleadging  how  much  it  would  bee  for  our  credite  and 
profile,  as  also  theirs,  and  hoping  furthermore  that  we 
would  doe  so  much  at  their  requests  in  respect  of  the 
friendship  we  professed  them. 

Whose  entreaties  although  wee  shewed  that  they  were 
ungodly,  affirming  that  our  God  would  not  subject 
himselfe  to  any  such  prayers  and  requests  of  men  :  that 
indeede  all  things  have  bene  and  were  to  be  done 
according  to  his  good  pleasure  as  he  had  ordeined  : 
and  that  we  to  shewe  our  selves  his  true  servants 
ought  rather-  to  make  petition  for  the  contrary,  that 
they  with  them  might  live  together  with  us,  be  made 
partakers  of  his  trueth,  and  serve  him  in  righteous- 
nesse,  but  notwithstanding  in  such  sort,  that  wee 
referre  that,  as  all  other  things,  to  bee  done  according 
to  his  divine  will  and  pleasure,  and  as  by  his  wisedome 
he  had  ordeined  to  be  best. 

Yet  because  the  effect  fell  out  so  suddenly  and 
shortly  after  according  to  their  desires,  they  thought 
neverthelesse  it  came  to  passe  by  our  meanes,  &  that 
we  in  using  such  speeches  unto  them,  did  but 
dissemble  the  matter,  and  therefore  came  unto  us  to 
give  us  thankes  in  their  maner,  that  although  we 
satisfied  them  not  in  promise,  yet  in  deedes  and  eifect 
we  had  fulfilled  their  desires. 

This  marveilous  accident  in  all  the  Countrey  wrought 
so  strange  opinions  of  us,  that  some  people  could  not 
tell  whether  to  thinke  us  gods  or  men,  and  the  rather 
because  that  all  the  space  of  their  sicknes,  there  was  no 
man  of  ours  knowen  to  die,  or  that  was  specially  sicke  : 
they  noted  also  that  we  had  no  women  amongst  us, 
neither  that   we  did  care  for  any  of  theirs. 

Some    therefore   were    of  opinion    that    we    were    not 
borne  of  women,  and  therefore  not  mortal,  but  that  we  [III.  279.] 
were  men  of  an  old  generation  many  yeeres  past,  then 
risen  againe  to  immortalitie. 

Some  would  likewise  seeme  to  prophecie  that  there 
were  more  of  our  generation  yet  to  come  to  kill  theirs 

381 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

and  take  their  places,  as  some  thought  the  purpose  was, 
by  that  which  was  already  done.  Those  that  were 
immediatly  to  come  after  us  they  imagined  to  be  in  the 
aire,  yet  invisible  and  without  bodies,  and  that  they  by 
our  intreatie  and  for  the  love  of  us,  did  make  the  people 
to  die  in  that  sort  as  they  did,  by  shooting  invisible 
bullets  into   them. 

To  confirme  this  opinion,  their  Phisitions  (to  excuse 
their  ignorance  in  curing  the  disease)  would  not  be 
ashamed  to  say,  but  earnestly  make  the  simple  people 
beleeve,  that  the  strings  of  blood  that  they  sucked  out 
of  the  sicke  bodies,  were  the  strings  wherewithall  the 
invisible  bullets  were  tied  and  cast.  Some  also  thought 
that  wee  shot  them  our  selves  out  of  our  pieces,  from 
the  place  where  wee  dwelt,  and  killed  the  people  in 
any  Towne  that  had  offended  us,  as  wee  listed,  howe 
farre  distant  from  us  soever  it  were.  And  other  some 
said,  that  it  was  the  speciall  worke  of  God  for  our 
sakes,  as  we  our  selves  have  cause  in  some  sort  to 
thinke  no  lesse,  whatsoever  some  doe,  or  may  imagine 
to  the  contrary,  specially  some  Astrologers,  knowing  of 
the  Eclipse  of  the  Sunne  which  we  saw  the  same  yeere 
before  in  our  voyage  thitherward,  which  unto  them 
appeared  very  terrible.  And  also  of  a  Comet  which 
began  to  appeare  but  a  fewe  dayes  before  the  beginning 
of  the  saide  sicknesse.  But  to  exclude  them  from 
being  the  speciall  causes  of  so  speciall  an  accident, 
there  are  further  reasons  then  I  thinke  fit  at  this 
present  to  be  alleadged.  These  their  opinions  I  have 
set  downe  the  more  at  large,  that  it  may  appeare  unto 
you  that  there  is  good  hope  they  may  be  brought 
through  discreete  dealing  and  government  to  the  im- 
bracing  of  the  trueth,  and  consequently  to  honour, 
obey,  feare  and  love  us. 

And  although  some  of  our  company  towards  the  end 
of  the  yeere,  shewed  themselves  too  fierce  in  slaying 
some  of  the  people  in  some  Townes,  upon  causes  that 
on    our    part    might    easily    ynough    have    bene    borne 

382 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1586. 

withall  :  yet  notwithstanding,  because  it  was  on  their 
part  justly  deserved,  the  alteration  of  their  opinions 
generally  and  for  the  most  part  concerning  us  is  the 
lesse  to  be  doubted.  And  whatsoever  els  they  may  be, 
by  carefulnesse  of  our  selves  neede  nothing  at  all  to 
be  feared. 

The   conclusion. 

Ow  I  have  (as  I  hope)  made  relation  not  of  so 
few  and  small  things,  but  that  the  Countrey  (of 
men  that  are  indifferent  and  well  disposed)  may 


bee  sufficiently  liked  :  If  there  were  no  more  knowen 
then  I  have  mentioned,  which  doubtlesse  and  in  great 
reason  is  nothing  to  that  which  remaineth  to  be  dis- 
covered, neither  the  soyle,  nor  commodities.  As  we 
have  reason  so  to  gather  by  the  difference  we  found 
in  our  travailes,  for  although  al  which  I  have  before 
spoken  of,  have  bene  discovered  and  experimented  not 
farre  from  the  Sea  coast,  where  was  our  abode  and 
most  of  our  travailing  :  yet  sometimes  as  we  made  our 
journeys  further  into  the  maine  and  Countrey ;  we 
found  the  soile  to  be  fatter,  the  trees  greater  and  to 
grow  thinner,  the  ground  more  firme  and  deeper 
mould,  more  and  larger  champions,  finer  grasse,  and  as 
good  as  ever  we  saw  any  in  England  ;  in  some  places 
rockie  and  farre  more  high  and  hilly  ground,  more  plentie 
of  their  fruites,  more  abundance  of  beastes,  the  more 
inhabited  with  people,  and  of  greater  poUicie  and  larger 
dominions,  with  greater  townes  and  houses. 

Why  may  wee  not  then  looke  for  in  good  hope  from 
the  inner  parts  of  more  and  greater  plentie,  as  well  of 
other  things,  as  of  those  which  wee  have  already  dis- 
covered ?  Unto  the  Spaniards  happened  the  like  in 
discovering  the  maine  of  the  West  Indies.  The  maine 
also  of  this  Countrey  of  Virginia,  extending  some 
wayes  so  many  hundreds  of  leagues,  as  otherwise  then 
by  the  relation  of  the  inhabitants  wee  have  most  cer- 
taine  knowledge  of,  where  yet  no  Christian  prince  hath 

383 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1586. 

any  possession  or  dealing,  cannot  but  yeelde  many 
kinds  of  excellent  commodities,  which  we  in  our  dis- 
covery have  not  yet  seene. 

What  hope  there  is  els  to  bee  gathered  of  the 
nature  of  the  Climate,  being  answerable  to  the  Hand 
of  Japan,  the  land  of  China,  Persia,  Jury,  the  Hands 
of  Cyprus  and  Candy,  the  South  parts  of  Greece,  Italy 
and  Spaine,  and  of  many  other  notable  and  famous 
Countreys,  because  I  meane  not  to  be  tedious,  I  leave 
to  your  owne  consideration. 

Whereby  also  the  excellent  temperature  of  the  aire 
there  at  all  seasons,  much  warmer  then  in  England, 
and  never  so  vehemently  hot,  as  sometimes  is  under 
and  betweene  the  Tropikes,  or  neere  them,  cannot  be 
knowen  unto  you  without  further  relation. 

For  the  holsomnesse  thereof  I  neede  to  say  but  thus 
[III.  280.]  much  :  that  for  all  the  want  of  provision,  as  first  of 
English  victuall,  excepting  for  twentie  dayes,  we  lived 
onely  by  drinking  water,  and  by  the  victuall  of  the 
Countrey,  of  which  some  sorts  were  very  strange 
unto  us,  and  might  have  bene  thought  to  have 
altered  our  temperatures  in  such  sort,  as  to  have 
brought  us  into  some  grievous  and  dangerous 
This  want  Is  diseases  :  Secondly  the  want  of  English  meanes, 
hereafter  to  ^^j.  ^^  taking  of  beastes,  fish  and  foule,  which 
^  -^W  ^  •  1^^  ^i^g  helpe  onely  of  the  inhabitants  and  their  meanes 
could  not  bee  so  suddenly  and  easily  provided  for  us, 
nor  in  so  great  number  and  quantities,  nor  of  that 
choise  as  otherwise  might  have  bene  to  our  better 
satisfaction  and  contentment.  Some  want  also  we  had 
of  clothes.  Furthermore  in  al  our  travailes,  which  were 
most  specially  and  often  in  the  time  of  Winter,  our 
lodging  was  in  the  open  aire  upon  the  ground.  And 
yet  I  say  for  all  this,  there  were  but  foure  of  our 
whole  company  (being  one  hundreth  and  eight)  that 
died  all  the  yeere,  and  that  but  at  the  latter  ende 
thereof,  and  upon  none  of  the  aforesaide  causes.  For 
all    foure,     especially    three,     were    feeble,    weake,    and 

384 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1586. 

sickly  persons  before  ever  they  came  thither,  and  those 
that  knew  them,  much  marveled  that  they  lived  so 
long  being  in   that  case,  or   had  adventured  to  travaile. 

Seeing  therefore  the  aire  there  is  so  temperate  and 
holsome,  the  soyle  so  fertile,  and  yeelding  such 
commodities,  as  I  have  before  mentioned,  the  voyage 
also  thither  to  and  fro  being  sufficiently  experimented 
to  be  perfourmed  twise  a  yeere  with  ease,  and  at  any 
season  thereof:  And  the  dealing  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh 
so  liberall  in  large  giving  and  granting  lande  there,  as 
is  already  knowen,  with  many  helpes  and  furtherances 
else  :  (The  least  that  he  hath  granted  hath  bene  five 
hundreth  acres  to  a  man  onely  for  the  adventure  of 
his  person)  I  hope  there  remaines  no  cause  whereby 
the  action  should  be  misliked. 

If  that  those  which  shall  thither  travaile  to  inhabite 
and  plant  bee  but  reasonably  provided  for  the  first 
yeere,  as  those  are  which  were  transported  the  last,  and 
being  there,  doe  use  but  that  diligence  and  care,  that  is 
requisit,  and  as  they  may  with  ease  :  There  is  no 
doubt,  but  for  the  time  following,  they  may  have 
victuals  that  are  excellent  good  and  plentie  ynough, 
some  more  English  sorts  of  cattel  also  hereafter,  as 
some  have  bene  before,  and  are  there  yet  remayning, 
may,  and  shall  be  (God  willing)  thither  transported. 
So  likewise,  our  kinde  of  fruites,  rootes,  and  hearbes, 
may  be  there  planted  and  sowed,  as  some  have  bene 
already,  and  prove  well :  And  in  short  time  also  they 
may  raise  so  much  of  those  sorts  of  commodities  which 
I  have  spoken  of,  as  shall  both  enrich  themselves,  as 
also  others  that  shall  deale  with  them. 

And  this  is  all  the  fruit  of  our  labours,  that  I  have 
thought  necessary  to  advertise  you  of  at  this  present  : 
What  else  concerneth  the  nature  and  maners  of  the 
inhabitants  of  Virginia,  the  number  with  the  particulari- 
ties of  the  voyages  thither  made,  and  of  the  actions  of 
such  as  have  bene  by  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  therein,  and 
there  imployed,  many  worthy  to  be  remembred,  as  of 
vni  385  2B 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1586. 

the  first  discoverers  of  the  Countrey,  of  our  Generall 
for  the  time  Sir  Richard  Grinvil,  and  after  his  depar- 
ture of  our  Governour  there  Master  Ralph  Lane,  with 
divers  other  directed  and  imployed  under  their  govern- 
ment :  Of  the  Captaines  and  Masters  of  the  voyages 
made  since  for  transportation,  of  the  Governour  and 
assistants  of  those  already  transported,  as  of  many 
persons,  accidents,  and  things  els,  I  have  ready  in  a 
discourse  by  it  selfe  in  maner  of  a  Chronicle,  according 
to  the  course  of  times  :  which  when  time  shall  be 
thought  convenient,  shall  be  also  published. 

Thus  referring  my  relation  to  your  favourable  con- 
structions, expecting  good  successe  of  the  action,  from 
him  which  is  to  be  acknowledged  the  authour  and 
governour,  not  onely  of  this,  but  of  all  things  els,  I 
take  my  leave  of  you,  this  moneth   of  February  1587. 

The  fourth  voyage  made  to  Virginia  with  three 
ships,  in  the  yere  1587.  Wherein  was 
transported  the  second  Colonie. 

N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1587.  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  intending  to  persevere  in  the  planting 
of  his   Countrey  of  Virginia,    prepared    a    newe 


Colonie  of  one  hundred  and  fiftie  men  to  be  sent 
thither,  under  the  charge  of  John  White,  whom  hee 
appointed  Governour,  and  also  appointed  unto  him 
twelve  Assistants,  unto  whom  hee  gave  a  Charter,  and 
incorporated  them  by  the  name  of  Governour  and 
Assistants  of  the  Citie  of  Ralegh  in  Virginia. 

April. 

OUr  Fleete  being  in  number  three  saile,  viz.  the 
Admirall  a  shippe  of  one  hundred  and  twentie 
Tunnes,  a  Flie-boate,  and  a  Pinnesse,  departed  the  sixe 
and  twentieth  of  April  from  Portesmouth,  and  the  same 
day  came  to  an  ancker  at  the  Cowes  in  the  Isle  of 
Wight,  where  wee  stayed  eight  dayes. 

386 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587. 

May.  [III.  281.] 

THe  fift  of  May,  at  nine  of  the  clocke  at  night  we 
came  to  Plimmouth,  where  we  remained  the  space 
of  two  dayes. 

The  8  we  weyed  anker  at  Plimmouth,  and  departed 
thence  for  Virginia. 

The  16  Simon  Ferdinando,  Master  of  our  Admiral, 
lewdly  forsooke  our  Fly-boate,  leaving  her  distressed  in 
the  Bay  of  Portugal. 

June. 

THe  1 9  we  fell  with  "  Dominica,  and  the  same  even-  "  One  of  the 
ing  we  sayled  betweene  it,  and  Guadalupe :  the  2 1   j-'^J!  "-^/^^ 
the  Fly-boat  also  fell  with  Dominica.  bltedwith 

The  22  we  came  to  an  anker  at  an  Island  called  Santa  Savages. 
Cruz,  where  all   the  planters  were  set  on  land,  staying 
there    till   the   25   of  the   same   moneth.      At    our    first  Clnumspec- 
landing  on  this  Island,  some  of  our  women,  and  men,  by  ^^°^  ^°  ^^  ^^^'^ 
eating  a  small  fruit   like  greene  Apples,  were  fearefuUy  ^l/Je^^^^ 
troubled  with  a  sudden  burning  in  their  mouthes,  and 
swelling   of  their  tongues  so  bigge,  that  some  of  them 
could  not  speake.     Also  a  child  by  sucking  one  of  those 
womens  breasts,   had  at  that  instant   his   mouth   set   on 
such    a   burning,    that    it    was    strange   to   see   how    the 
infant  was  tormented  for  the  time :  but  after  24  houres, 
it  ware  away  of  it  selfe. 

Also  the  first  night  of  our  being  on  this  Island,  we 
tooke  five  great  Torteses,  some  of  them  of  such  bignes, 
that  sixteene  of  our  strongest  men  were  tired  with  cary- 
ing  of  one  of  them  but  from  the  sea  side  to  our  cabbins. 
In  this  Island  we  found  no  watring  place,  but  a  standing 
ponde,  the  water  whereof  was  so  evill,  that  many  of  our 
company  fell  sicke  with  drinking  thereof:  and  as  many 
as  did  but  wash  their  faces  with  that  water,  in  the  morn- 
ing before  the  Sunne  had  drawen  away  the  corruption, 
their  faces  did  so  burne  and  swell,  that  their  eyes  were 
shut  up,  and  could  not  see  in  five  or  sixe  dayes,  or 
longer. 

387 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

The  second  day  of  our  abode  there,  we  sent  forth 
some  of  our  men  to  search  the  Island  for  fresh  water, 
three  one  way,  and  two  another  way.  The  Governour 
also,  with  sixe  others,  went  up  to  the  top  of  an  high  hill, 
to  viewe  the  Island,  but  could  perceive  no  signe  of  any 
men,  or  beastes,  nor  any  goodnes,  but  Parots,  and  trees 
of  Guiacum.  Returning  backe  to  our  cabbins  another 
way,  he  found  in  the  discent  of  a  hill,  certaine  potsheards 
of  savage  making,  made  of  the  earth  of  that  Island : 
whereupon  it  was  judged,  that  this  Island  was  inhabited 
with  Savages,  though  Fernando  had  told  us  for  certaine 
the  contrary.  The  same  day  at  night,  the  rest  of  our 
company  very  late  returned  to  the  Governour.  The  one 
company  affirmed,  that  they  had  scene  in  a  valley  eleven 
Savages,  and  divers  houses  halfe  a  mile  distant  from  the 
steepe,  or  toppe  of  the  hill  where  they  stayed.  The 
other  company  had  found  running  out  of  a  high  rocke  a 
very  fayre  spring  of  water,  whereof  they  brought  three 
bottels  to  the  company :  for  before  that  time,  wee  drank 
the  stinking  water  of  the  pond. 

The  same  second  day  at  night  Captaine  Stafford,  with 
the  Pinnesse,  departed  from  our  fleete,  riding  at  Santa 
•  Cruz,  to  an  Island,  called  Beake,  lying  neere  S.  John, 
being  so  directed  by  Ferdinando,  who  assured  him  he 
should  there  find  great  plenty  of  sheepe.  The  next  day 
at  night,  our  planters  left  Santa  Cruz,  and  came  all 
aboord,  and  the  next  morning  after,  being  the  25  of  June 
we  weyed  anker,  and  departed  from  Santa  Cruz. 

The  seven  and  twentieth  we  came  to  anker  at  Cottea, 
where  we  found  the  Pinnesse  riding  at  our  comming. 

The  28  we  weyed  anker  at  Cottea,  and  presently  came 
to  anker  at  S.  Johns  in  Musketos  Bay,  where  we  spent 
three  dayes  unprofitable  in  taking  in  fresh  water,  spending 
in  the  meane  time  more  beere  then  the  quantitie  of  the 
water  came  unto. 


388 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

Julie. 

THe  first  day  we  weyed  anker  at  "  Musketoes  Bay,  ''^^^ketos 
where  were  left  behind  two  Irish  men  of  our  com-  ^^^iJ^J^"!  ^.^^ 
pany,  Darbie  Glaven,  and  Denice  Carrell,  bearing  along  the  south  side 
the  coast  of  S.  Johns  till  evening,  at  which  time  wee  fell  of  S.  Johns 
with  Rosse  Bay.     At  this  place  Ferdinando  had  promised  lsland,where 
wee  should  take  in  sake,  and  had  caused  us  before,  to  ^.^^/J^J^. 
make  and  provide  as  many  sackes  for  that  purpose,  as 
we  could.     The  Governour  also,  for  that  hee  understood 
there  was  a  Towne  in  the  bottome  of  the  Bay,  not  farre 
from  the  salt  hils,  appointed  thirty  shot,  tenne  pikes,  and 
ten  targets,  to  man  the  Pinnesse,  and  to  goe  aland  for 
salt.     Ferdinando  perceiving  them  in  a  readines,  sent  to 
the  Governour,  using  great  perswasions  with  him,  not  to 
take  in  salt  there,  saying  that  hee  knew  not  well  whether 
the  same  were  the  place  or  not :  also,  that  if  the  Pinnesse  [III.  282.] 
went  into  the  Bay,  she  could  not  without  great  danger 
come  backe,  till  the  next  day  at  night,  and  that  if  in  the 
meane  time  any  storme  should  rise,  the  Admirall  were  in 
danger  to  bee  cast  away.     Whilest  he  was  thus  perswad- 
ing,  he  caused    the   lead  to  be  cast,  and  having  craftily 
brought  the  shippe  in  three  fadome  and  a  halfe  water,  he 
suddenly   began   to    sweare,    and    teare    God    in    pieces, 
dissembling  great  danger,  crying  to   him  at   the  helme, 
beare  up  hard,  beare  up  hard :  so  we  went  off,  and  were 
disappointed  of  our  salt,  by  his  meanes. 

The  next  day  sayling  along  the  West  end  of  S.  John, 
the   Governour  determined   to   go   aland  in  S.  Germans 
"Bay,  to  gather  yong  plants  of  Orenges,  Pines,  Mameas,  "■  A  pleasant 
and  Plantanos,  to  set  at  Virginia,  which  we  knew  might  ^^dfrmtfull 
easily  be  had,  for  that  they  grow  neere  the  shore,  and  the  onthewestend 
places  where  they  grew,  well  knowen  to  the  Governour,  ofS.  Johns 
and   some   of  the  planters :    but   our   Simon    denied    it.  Island,  where 
saying:  he  would  come   to  an   anker  at   Hispaniola,  &  g>'0'^eth plenty 
there  land  the  Governour,  and  some  other  of  the  Assis-  iifjjg^"^p/a„. 
tants,  with  the  pinnesse,  to  see  if  he  could  speake  with  his  tans,  i^  Pines. 
friend  Alanson,  of  whom  he  hoped  to  be  furnished  both 

389 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

of  cattel,  and  all  such  things  as  we  would  have  taken  in 
at  S.  John  :  but  he  meant  nothing  lesse,  as  it  plainely  did 
appeare  to  us  afterwards. 

The  next  day  after,  being  the  third  of  July,  we  saw 
Hispaniola,  and  bare  with  the  coast  all  that  day,  looking 
still  when  the  pinnesse  should  be  prepared  to  goe  for  the 
place  where  Ferdinando  his  friend  Alanson  was :  but  that 
day  passed,  and  we  saw  no  preparation  for  landing  in 
Hispaniola. 

The  4  of  July,  sayling  along  the  coast  of  Hispaniola, 
untill  the  next  day  at  noone,  and  no  preparation  yet  seene 
for  the  staying  there,  we  having  knowledge  that  we  were 
past  the  place  where  Alanson  dwelt,  and  were  come  with 
Isabella :  hereupon  Ferdinando  was  asked  by  the  Gover- 
nor, whether  he  meant  to  speake  with  Alanson,  for  the 
taking  in  of  cattell,  and  other  things,  according  to  his 
promise,  or  not :  but  he  answered  that  he  was  now  past 
the  place,  and  that  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  told  him,  the 
French  Ambassador  certified  him,  that  the  king  of  Spaine 
had  sent  for  Alanson  into  Spaine :  wherefore  he  thought 
him  dead,  and  that  it  was  to  no  purpose  to  touch  there 
in  any  place,  at  this  voyage. 

The  next  day  we  left  sight  of  Hispaniola,  and  haled  off 
for  Virginia,  about  foure  of  the  clocke  in  the  afternoone. 

The  sixt  of  July  we  came  to  the  Island  Caycos,  wherein 
Ferdinando  sayd  were  two  salt  pondes,  assuring  us  if 
they  were  drie,  we  might  find  salt  to  shift  with,  untill  the 
next  supply :  but  it  prooved  as  true  as  finding  of  sheepe 
at  Baque.  In  this  Island,  whilest  Ferdinando  solaced 
himselfe  ashore,  with  one  of  the  company,  in  part  of  the 
Island,  others  spent  the  latter  part  of  that  day  in  other 
parts  of  the  Island,  some  to  seeke  the  salt  ponds,  some 
fowling,  some  hunting  Swans,  whereof  we  caught  many. 
The  next  day  early  in  the  morning  we  weyed  anker, 
leaving  Caycos,  with  good  hope,  that  the  first  land  that 
we  saw  next  should  be  Virginia. 

About  the  1 6  of  July  we  fel  with  the  maine  of  Virginia, 
which    Simon    Ferdinando    tooke   to    be   the    Island    of 

390 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587 

Croatoan,  where  we  came  to  anker,  and  rode  there  two 

or  three  dayes :  but  finding  himselfe  deceived,  he  weyed, 

and  bare  along   the  coast,  where  in  the  night,  had  not 

Captaine  Stafford  bene  more  careful!  in  looking  out,  then 

our  Simon  Ferdinando,  we  had  bene  all  cast  away  upon 

the  breach,  called  the  Cape  of  Feare,  for  we  were  come 

within  two  cables  length  upon  it :  such  was  the  carelesnes, 

and  ignorance  of  our  Master. 

The  two  and  twentieth  of  July  wee  arrived  safe  at 
Hatorask,  where  our  ship  and  pinnesse  ankered :  the 
Governour  went  aboord  the  pinnesse,  accompanied  with 
fortie  of  his  best  men,  intending  to  passe  up  to  Roanoak 
foorthwith,  hoping  there  to  finde  those  fifteene  English- 
men, which  Sir  Richard  Grinvile  had  left  there  the  yeere 
before,  with  whom  hee  meant  to  have  conference,  con- 
cerning the  state  of  the  Countrey,  and  Savages,  meaning 
after  he  had  so  done,  to  returne  againe  to  the  fleete,  and 
passe  along  the  coast,  to  the  Bay  of  Chesepiok,  where  we  ^^  ^'«f^«^  ^^ 
intended  to  make  our  seate  and  forte,  according  to  the  ^J''^^  ^^^/ 
charge  given  us  among  other  directions  in  writing,  under  ^.^^^-^^^ 
the  hande  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  :  but  assoone  as  we  were 
put  with  our  pinnesse  from  the  ship,  a  Gentleman  by 
the  meanes  of  Ferdinando,  who  was  appointed  to  returne 
for  England,  called  to  the  sailers  in  the  pinnesse,  charging 
them  not  to  bring  any  of  the  planters  backe  againe,  but 
to  leave  them  in  the  Island,  except  the  Governour,  & 
two  or  three  such  as  he  approved,  saying  that  the  Summer 
was  farre  spent,  wherefore  hee  would  land  all  the  planters 
in  no  other  place.  Unto  this  were  all  the  saylers,  both 
in  the  pinnesse,  and  shippe,  perswaded  by  the  Master, 
wherefore  it  booted  not  the  Governour  to  contend  with 
them,  but  passed  to  Roanoak,  and  the  same  night  at 
sunne-set  went  aland  on  the  Island,  in  the  place  where 
our  fifteene  men  were  left,  but  we  found  none  of  them, 
nor  any  signe  that  they  had  bene  there,  saving  onely  wee 
found  the  bones  of  one  of  those  fifteene,  which  the 
Savages  had  slaine  long  before. 

The  three  and  twentieth  of  July  the  Governour  with 

391 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

[III.  283.]  divers  of  his  company,  walked  to  the  North  ende  of  the 
Island,  where  Master  Ralfe  Lane  had  his  forte,  with 
sundry  necessary  and  decent  dwelling  houses,  made  by 
his  men  about  it  the  yeere  before,  where  wee  hoped  to 
find  some  signes,  or  certaine  knowledge  of  our  fifteene 
men.  When  we  came  thither,  we  found  the  fort  rased 
downe,  but  all  the  houses  standing  unhurt,  saving  that 
the  neather  roomes  of  them,  and  also  of  the  forte,  were 
overgrowen  with  Melons  of  divers  sortes,  and  Deere 
within  them,  feeding  on  those  Melons :  so  wee  returned 
to  our  company,  without  hope  of  ever  seeing  any  of  the 
fifteene  men  living. 

The  same  day  order  was  given,  that  every  man  should 
be  employed  for  the  repayring  of  those  houses,  which 
wee  found  standing,  and  also  to  make  other  newe 
Cottages,  for  such  as  should  neede. 

The  25  our  Flyboate  and  the  rest  of  our  planters 
arrived  all  safe  at  Hatoraske,  to  the  great  joy  and  com- 
fort of  the  whole  company :  but  the  Master  of  our 
Admirall  Ferdinando  grieved  greatly  at  their  safe  com- 
ming :  for  hee  purposely  left  them  in  the  Bay  of  Portugal, 
and  stole  away  from  them  in  the  night,  hoping  that  the 
Edward  Master  thereof,  whose  name  was  Edward  Spicer,  for  that 
Bpicer.  i^g  never  had  bene  in  Virginia,  would  hardly  finde  the 
place,  or  els  being  left  in  so  dangerous  a  place  as  that  was, 
by  meanes  of  so  many  men  of  warre,  as  at  that  time  were 
abroad,  they  should  surely  be  taken,  or  slaine :  but  God 
disappointed  his  wicked  pretenses. 

The  eight  and  twentieth,  George  Howe,  one  of  our 
twelve  Assistants  was  slaine  by  divers  Savages,  which 
were  come  over  to  Roanoak,  either  of  purpose  to  espie 
our  company,  and  what  number  we  were,  or  else  to  hunt 
Deere,  whereof  were  many  in  the  Island.  These  Savages 
being  secretly  hidden  among  high  reedes,  where  often- 
times they  find  the  Deere  asleep,  and  so  kill  them,  espied 
our  man  wading  in  the  water  alone,  almost  naked,  with- 
out any  weapon,  save  only  a  smal  forked  sticke,  catching 
Crabs  therewithall,  and  also  being  strayed  two  miles  from 

392 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 
his  company,  and  shot  at  him  in  the  water,  where  they 
gave  him  sixteen  wounds  with  their  arrowes :  and  after 
they  had  slaine  him  with  their  woodden  swords,  they  beat 
his  head  in  pieces,  and  fled  over  the  water  to  the  maine. 
On  the  thirtieth  of  July  Master  Stafford  and  twenty 
of  our  men  passed  by  water  to  the  Island  of  Croatoan, 
with  Manteo,  who  had  his  mother,  and  many  of  his 
kinred  dwelling  in  that  Island,  of  whom  wee  hoped  to 
understand  some  newes  of  our  fifteene  men,  but  especially 
to  learne  the  disposition  of  the  people  of  the  countrey 
towards  us,  and  to  renew  our  old  friendship  with  them. 
At  our  first  landing  they  seemed  as  though  they  would 
fight  with  us :  but  perceiving  us  begin  to  march  with 
our  shot  towardes  them,  they  turned  their  backes,  and 
fled.  Then  Manteo  their  countrey  man  called  to  them 
in  their  owne  language,  whom,  assoone  as  they  heard, 
they  returned,  and  threwe  away  their  bowes  and  arrowes, 
and  some  of  them  came  unto  us,  embracing  and  enter- 
taining us  friendly,  desiring  us  not  to  gather  or  spill 
any  of  their  corne,  for  that  they  had  but  little.  We 
answered  them,  that  neither  their  corne,  nor  any  other 
thing  of  theirs,  should  be  diminished  by  any  of  us,  and 
that  our  comming  was  onely  to  renew  the  old  love,  that 
was  betweene  us  and  them  at  the  first,  and  to  live  with 
them  as  brethren  and  friends :  which  answere  seemed  to 
please  them  well,  wherefore  they  requested  us  to  walke 
up  to  their  Towne,  who  there  feasted  us  after  their 
maner,  and  desired  us  earnestly,  that  there  might  bee 
some  token  or  badge  given  them  of  us,  whereby  we 
might  know  them  to  be  our  friends,  when  we  met  them 
any  where  out  of  the  Towne  or  Island.  They  told  us 
further,  that  for  want  of  some  such  badge,  divers  of  them 
were  hurt  the  yeere  before,  being  found  out  of  the  Island 
by  Master  Lane  his  company,  whereof  they  shewed  us 
one,  which  at  that  very  instant  lay  lame,  and  had  lien 
of  that  hurt  ever  since :  but  they  sayd,  they  knew  our 
men  mistooke  them,  and  hurt  them  in  stead  of  Winginos 
men,  wherefore  they  held  us  excused. 

393 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 


T 


August. 

^He  next  day  we  had  conference  further  with  them, 
concerning  the  people  of  Secotan,  Aquascogoc,  & 
Pomeiok,  willing  them  of  Croatoan  to  certifie  the  people 
of  those  townes,  that  if  they  would  accept  our  friendship, 
we  would  willingly  receive  them  againe,  and  that  all 
unfriendly  dealings  past  on  both  parts,  should  be  utterly 
forgiven  and  forgotten.  To  this  the  chiefe  men  of 
Croatoan  answered,  that  they  would  gladly  doe  the  best 
they  could,  and  within  seven  dayes,  bring  the  Wiroances 
and  chiefe  Governours  of  those  townes  with  them,  to 
our  Governour  at  Roanoak,  or  their  answere.  We  also 
understood  of  the  men  of  Croatoan,  that  our  man  Master 
Howe  was  slaine  by  the  remnant  of  Winginos  men  dwel- 
ling then  at  Dasamonguepeuk,  with  whom  Wanchese 
kept  companie :  and  also  we  understood  by  them  of 
Croatoan,  how  that  the  15  Englishmen  left  at  Roanoak 
the  yeere  before,  by  Sir  Richard  Grinvile,  were  suddenly 
[III.  284.]  set  upon,  by  30  of  the  men  of  Secota,  Aquascogoc,  and 
Dasamonguepeuk,  in  manner  following.  They  conveyed 
themselves  secretly  behind  the  trees,  neere  the  houses 
where  our  men  carelesly  lived :  and  having  perceived  that 
of  those  fifteene  they  could  see  but  eleven  only,  two  of 
those  Savages  appeared  to  the  1 1  Englishmen,  calling  to 
them  by  friendly  signes,  that  but  two  of  their  chiefest  men 
should  come  unarmed  to  speake  with  those  two  Savages, 
who  seemed  also  to  bee  unarmed.  Wherefore  two  of 
the  chiefest  of  our  Englishmen  went  gladly  to  them : 
but  whilest  one  of  those  Savages  traiterously  imbraced 
one  of  our  men,  the  other  with  his  sworde  of  wood, 
which  he  had  secretly  hidden  under  his  mantell,  strooke 
him  on  the  head  and  slew  him,  and  presently  the  other 
eight  and  twenty  Savages  shewed  them  selves :  the  other 
Englishman  perceiving  this,  fled  to  his  company,  whom 
the  Savages  pursued  with  their  bowes,  and  arrowes,  so 
fast,  that  the  Englishmen  were  forced  to  take  the  house, 
wherein   all   their  victuall,   and   weapons   were :    but   the 

394 


THE   FOURTH    VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ajq. 

1587. 

Savages  foorthwith  set  the  same  on  fire:  by  meanes 
wherof  our  men  were  forced  to  take  up  such  weapons 
as  came  first  to  hand,  and  without  order  to  runne  foorth 
among  the  Savages,  with  whom  they  skirmished  above  an 
howre.  In  this  skirmish  another  of  our  men  was  shotte 
into  the  mouth  with  an  arrow,  where  hee  died :  and  also 
one  of  the  Savages  was  shot  into  the  side  by  one  of  our 
men,  with  a  wild  fire  arrow,  whereof  he  died  presently. 
The  place  where  they  fought  was  of  great  advantage  to 
the  Savages,  by  meanes  of  the  thicke  trees,  behinde  which 
the  Savages  through  their  nimblenes,  defended  them- 
selves, and  so  offended  our  men  with  their  arrowes,  that 
our  men  being  some  of  them  hurt,  retyred  fighting  to 
the  water  side,  where  their  boat  lay,  with  which  they 
fled  towards  Hatorask.  By  that  time  they  had  rowed 
but  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  they  espied  their  foure  fellowes 
comming  from  a  creeke  thereby,  where  they  had  bene 
to  fetch  Oysters  :  these  foure  they  received  into  their 
boate,  leaving  Roanoak,  and  landed  on  a  little  Island  on 
the  right  hand  of  our  entrance  into  the  harbour  of 
Hatorask,  where  they  remayned  a  while,  but  afterward 
departed,  whither  as  yet  we  know  not. 

Having  nowe  sufficiently  dispatched  our  businesse  at 
Croatoan,  the  same  day  we  departed  friendly,  taking 
our  leave,  and  came  aboord  the  fleete  at  Hatorask. 

The  eight  of  August,  the  Governour  having  long 
expected  the  comming  of  the  Wiroanses  of  Pomeiok, 
Aquascogoc,  Secota,  and  Dasamonguepeuk,  seeing  that 
the  seven  dayes  were  past,  within  which  they  promised 
to  come  in,  or  to  send  their  answeres  by  the  men  of 
Croatoan,  and  no  tidings  of  them  heard,  being  certainly 
also  informed  by  those  men  of  Croatoan,  that  the 
remnant  of  Wingina  his  men,  which  were  left  alive, 
who  dwelt  at  Dasamonquepeuk,  were  they  which  had 
slaine  George  Howe,  and  were  also  at  the  driving  of 
our  eleven  Englishmen  from  Roanoak,  hee  thought  to 
deferre  the  revenge  thereof  no  longer.  Wherefore  the 
same  night  about  midnight,  he  passed  over  the  water, 

395 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1587. 

accompanied  with  Captaine  Stafford,  and  24  men, 
wherof  Manteo  was  one,  whom  we  tooke  with  us  to  be 
our  guide  to  the  place  where  those  Savages  dwelt, 
where  he  behaved  himselfe  toward  us  as  a  most  faith- 
full  Englishman, 

The  next  day,  being  the  9  of  August,  in  the 
morning  so  early  that  it  was  yet  darke,  we  landed 
neere  the  dwelling  place  of  our  enemies,  &  very 
secretly  conveyed  our  selves  through  the  woods,  to 
that  side,  where  we  had  their  houses  betweene  us  and 
the  water :  and  having  espied  their  fire,  and  some 
sitting  about  it,  we  presently  set  on  them  :  the 
miserable  soules  herewith  amazed,  fled  into  a  place  of 
thicke  reedes,  growing  fast  by,  where  our  men  per- 
ceiving them,  shot  one  of  them  through  the  bodie  with 
a  bullet,  and  therewith  we  entred  the  reedes,  among 
which  we  hoped  to  acquite  their  evill  doing  towards  us, 
but  we  were  deceived,  for  those  Savages  were  our 
friends,  and  were  come  from  Croatoan  to  gather  the 
corne  &  fruit  of  that  place,  because  they  understood 
our  enemies  were  fled  immediatly  after  they  had  slaine 
George  Howe,  and  for  haste  had  left  all  their  corne. 
Tobacco,  and  Pompions  standing  in  such  sort,  that  al 
had  bene  devoured  of  the  birds,  and  Deere,  if  it  had 
not  bene  gathered  in  time  :  but  they  had  like  to  have 
payd  deerely  for  it  :  for  it  was  so  darke,  that  they 
being  naked,  and  their  men  and  women  apparelled  all 
so  like  others,  wee  knew  not  but  that  they  were  al 
men  :  and  if  that  one  of  them  which  was  a  Wiroances 
wife  had  not  had  a  child  at  her  backe,  shee  had  bene 
slaine  in  stead  of  a  man,  and  as  hap  was,  another 
Savage  knew  master  Stafford,  and  ran  to  him,  calling 
him  by  his  name,  whereby  hee  was  saved.  Finding 
our  selves  thus  disappointed  of  our  purpose,  we 
gathered  al  the  corne,  Pease,  Pompions,  and  Tabacco 
that  we  found  ripe,  leaving  the  rest  unspoyled,  and 
tooke  Menatoan  his  wife,  with  the  yong  child,  and  the 
other    Savages    with    us    over    the    water    to    Roanoak. 

396 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

Although  the  mistaking  of  these  Savages  somewhat 
grieved  Manteo,  yet  he  imputed  their  harme  to  their 
owne  folly,  saying  to  them,  that  if  their  Wiroances 
had  kept  their  promise  in  comming  to  the  Governour  at 
the  day  appointed,  they  had  not  knowen  that  mischance. 

The    13    of    August    our    Savage    Manteo,    by    the 
commandement  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh,  was  christened  in  [III.  285.] 
Roanoak,    and    called    Lord    thereof,    and    of  Dasamon- 
guepeukj  in  reward  of  his  faithfuU  service. 

The  18  Elenor,  daughter  to  the  Governour,  and  wife 
to  Ananias  Dare  one  of  the  Assistants,  was  delivered 
of  a  daughter  in  Roanoak,  and  the  same  was  christened 
there  the  Sonday  following,  and  because  this  child  was 
the  first  Christian  borne  in  Virginia,  shee  was  named 
Virginia.  By  this  time  our  ships  had  unladen  the 
goods  and  victuals  of  the  planters,  and  began  to  take 
in  wood,  and  fresh  water,  and  to  new  calke  and  trimme 
them  for  England  :  the  planters  also  prepared  their 
letters  and  tokens  to  send  backe  into  England. 

Our  two  ships,  the  Lion  and  the  Flyboat  almost 
ready  to  depart,  the  21  of  August,  there  arose  such  a 
tempest  at  Northeast,  that  our  Admirall  then  riding 
out  of  the  harbour,  was  forced  to  cut  his  cables,  and 
put  to  sea,  where  he  lay  beating  off  and  on  sixe  dayes 
before  he  could  come  to  us  againe,  so  that  we  feared 
he  had  bene  cast  away,  and  the  rather  for  that  at  the 
time  that  the  storme  tooke  them,  the  most  and  best 
of  their  sailers  were  left  aland. 

At  this  time  some  controversies  arose  betweene  the 
Governour  and  Assistants,  about  choosing  two  out  of 
the  twelve  Assistants,  which  should  goe  backe  as  factors 
for  the  company  into  England  :  for  every  one  of  them 
refused,  save  onely  one,  which  all  other  thought  not 
sufficient  :  but  at  length  by  much  perswading  of  the 
Governour,  Christopher  Cooper  only  agreed  to  goe  for 
England  :  but  the  next  day,  through  the  perswasion  of 
divers  of  his  familiar  friends,  hee  changed  his  minde, 
so  that  now  the  matter  stood  as  at  the  first. 

397 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1587. 

The  next  day,  the  22  of  August,  the  whole  company 
both  of  the  Assistants  and  planters  came  to  the 
Governour,  and  with  one  voice  requested  him  to  re- 
turne  himselfe  into  England,  for  the  better  and  sooner 
obtaining  of  supplies,  and  other  necessaries  for  them  : 
but  he  refused  it,  and  alleaged  many  sufficient  causes, 
why  he  would  not  :  the  one  was,  that  he  could  not  so 
suddenly  returne  backe  againe  without  his  great  dis- 
credite,  leaving  the  action,  and  so  many  whome  hee 
partly  had  procured  through  his  perswasions,  to  leave 
their  native  countrey,  and  undertake  that  voyage,  and 
that  some  enemies  to  him  and  the  action  at  his  returne 
into  England  would  not  spare  to  slander  falsly  both 
him  and  the  action,  by  saying,  hee  went  to  Virginia, 
but  politikely,  and  to  no  other  end  but  to  leade  so 
many  into  a  countrey,  in  which  hee  never  meant  to 
stay  himselfe,  and  there  to  leave  them  behind  him. 
The'trmeaning  Also  he  alleaged,  that  seeing  they  intended  to  remove 
to  remove  50  ^q  j^jilgs  further  up  into  the  maine  presently,  he  being 
...^/....,  then    absent,     his    stuffe    and    goods     might    be    both 

countrey.  -i     i  r     ^  ^^r        ^  •  1 

spoiled,  &  most  of  them  pilfered  away  in  the  cariage, 
so  that  at  his  returne  he  should  be  either  forced  to 
provide  himselfe  of  all  such  things  againe,  or  else 
at  his  comming  againe  to  Virginia  find  himselfe 
utterly  unfurnished,  whereof  already  he  had  found  some 
proofe,  being  but  once  from  them  but  three  dayes. 
Wherefore  he  concluded  that  he  would  not  goe  him- 
selfe. 

The  next  day,  not  onely  the  Assistants  but  divers 
others,  as  well  women  as  men,  began  to  renew  their 
requests  to  the  Governour  againe,  to  take  upon  him  to 
returne  into  England  for  the  supply,  and  dispatch  of 
all  such  things  as  there  were  to  be  done,  promising  to 
make  him  their  bond  under  all  their  handes  and 
scales  for  the  safe  preserving  of  all  his  goods  for  him 
at  his  returne  to  Virginia,  so  that  if  any  part  thereof 
were  spoyled  or  lost,  they  would  see  it  restored  to  him, 
or  his  Assignes,  whensoever  the  same  should  be  missed 

398 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO    VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1587. 
and    demanded  :    which   bond,  with   a   testimony  under 
their   hands   and   seales,  they   foorthwith   made,  and   de- 
livered into  his  hands.     The   copie   of  the   testimony   I 
thought  good  to  set  downe. 

May  it  please  you,  her  Majesties  subjects  of  England, 
we  your  friends  and  countrey-men,  the  planters  in 
Virginia,  doe  by  these  presents  let  you  and  every  of 
you  to  understand,  that  for  the  present  and  speedy 
supply  of  certaine  our  knowen  and  apparent  lackes  and 
needes,  most  requisite  and  necessary  for  the  good  and 
happy  planting  of  us,  or  any  other  in  this  land  of 
Virginia,  wee  all  of  one  minde  &  consent,  have  most 
earnestly  intreated,  and  uncessantly  requested  John 
White,  Governour  of  the  planters  in  Virginia,  to  passe 
into  England,  for  the  better  and  more  assured  help, 
and  setting  forward  of  the  foresayd  supplies  :  and 
knowing  assuredly  that  he  both  can  best,  and  wil 
labour  and  take  paines  in  that  behalfe  for  us  all,  and 
he  not  once,  but  often  refusing  it,  for  our  sakes,  and 
for  the  honour  &  maintenance  of  the  action,  hath  at 
last,  though  much  against  his  will,  through  our  impor- 
tunacie,  yeelded  to  leave  his  governement,  and  all  his 
goods  among  us,  and  himselfe  in  all  our  behalfes  to 
passe  into  England,  of  whose  knowledge  and  fidelitie 
in  handling  this  matter,  as  all  others,  we  doe  assure 
ourselves  by  these  presents,  and  will  you  to  give  all 
credite  thereunto,  the  25  of  August   1587. 

The  Governour  being  at  the  last  through  their  ex- 
treame  intreating  constrayned  to  returne  into  England, 
having  then  but  halfe  a  dayes  respite  to  prepare  him- 
selfe for  the  same,  departed  from  Roanoak  the  seven 
and  twentieth  of  August  in  the  morning,  and  the  same 
day  about  midnight,  came  aboord  the  Flieboat,  who  [III.  286.] 
already  had  weyed  anker,  and  rode  without  the  barre, 
the  Admirall  riding  by  them,  who  but  the  same  morn- 
ing was  newly  come  thither  againe.  The  same  day 
both  the  ships  weyed  anker,  and  set  saile  for  England : 
at   this  weying  their  ankers,  twelve   of  the  men  which 

399 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

were  in  the  Flyboate  were  throwen  from  the  Capstone, 
which  by  meanes  of  a  barre  and  brake,  came  so  fast 
about  upon  them,  that  the  other  two  barres  thereof 
strooke  and  hurt  most  of  them  so  sore,  that  some  of 
them  never  recovered  it :  neverthelesse  they  assayed 
presently  againe  to  wey  their  anker,  but  being  so  weak- 
ened with  the  first  fling,  they  were  not  able  to  weye  it, 
but  were  throwen  downe  and  hurt  the  second  time. 
Wherefore  having  in  all  but  fifteene  men  aboord,  and 
most  of  them  by  this  unfortunate  beginning  so  bruised, 
and  hurt,  they  were  forced  to  cut  their  Cable,  and  leese 
their  anker.  Neverthelesse,  they  kept  company  with  the 
Admirall,  untill  the  seventeenth  of  September,  at  which 
time  wee  fell  with  Corvo,  and  sawe  Flores. 

September. 

THe  eighteenth,  perceiving  of  all  our  fifteene  men  in 
the  Flyboate  there  remained  but  five,  which  by 
meanes  of  the  former  mischance,  were  able  to  stand  to 
their  labour :  and  that  the  Admirall  meant  not  to  make 
any  haste  for  England,  but  to  linger  about  the  Island  of 
Tercera  for  purchase :  the  Flyboate  departed  for  England 
with  letters,  where  we  hoped  by  the  help  of  God  to 
arrive  shortly:  but  by  that  time  we  had  continued  our 
course  homeward  about  twenty  dayes,  having  had  some- 
times scarse  and  variable  windes,  our  fresh  water  also  by 
leaking  almost  consumed,  there  arose  a  storme  at  North- 
east, which  for  sixe  dayes  ceased  not  to  blowe  so  exceed- 
ing, that  we  were  driven  further  in  those  sixe  then  we 
could  recover  in  thirteene  daies :  in  which  time  others  of 
our  saylers  began  to  fall  very  sicke  and  two  of  them 
dyed,  the  weather  also  continued  so  close,  that  our 
Master  sometimes  in  foure  dayes  together  could  see 
neither  sunne  nor  starre,  and  all  the  beverage  we  could 
make,  with  stinking  water,  dregs  of  beere,  and  lees  of 
wine  which  remayned,  was  but  three  gallons,  and  there- 
fore   now   we   expected   nothing   but    famine    to   perish 

at  Sea. 

400 


THE   FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1587. 

October. 

THe  1 6  of  October  we  made  land,  but  we  knewe  not 
what  land  it  was,  bearing  in  with  the  same  land  at 
that  day :  about  sunne  set  we  put  into  a  harbour,  where 
we  found  a  Hulke  of  Dublin,  and  a  pinnesse  of  Hampton 
riding,  but  we  knew  not  as  yet  what  place  this  was, 
neither  had  we  any  boate  to  goe  ashore,  untill  the  pin- 
nesse sent  off  their  boate  to  us  with  6  or  8  men,  of  whom 
we  understood  wee  were  in  Smerwick  in  the  West  parts  Smermck  in 
of  Ireland:  they  also  releeved  us  presently  with  fresh  ^^^ ^^^^ V 
water,  wine,  and  other  fresh  meate. 

The  1 8  the  Governour  and  the  Master  ryd  to  Dingen 
a  Cushe,  5  miles  distant,  to  take  order  for  the  new 
victualing  of  our  Flieboate  for  England,  and  for  reliefe 
of  our  sicke  and  hurt  men,  but  within  foure  daies  after  the 
Boatswain,  the  Steward,  and  the  Boatswains  mate  died 
aboord  the  Flieboat,  and  the  28  the  Masters  mate  and 
two  of  our  chiefe  sailers  were  brought  sicke  to  Dingen. 

November. 

THe  first  the  Governour  shipped  himselfe  in  a  ship 
called  the  Monkie,  which  at  that  time  was  ready  to 
put  to  sea  from  Dingen  for  England,  leaving  the  Fly- 
boat  and  all  his  companie  in  Ireland.  The  same  day  we 
set  sayle,  and  on  the  third  day  we  fell  with  the  North 
side  of  the  lands  end,  and  were  shut  up  the  Severne,  but 
the  next  day  we  doubled  the  same  for  Mounts  Bay. 

The  5  the  Governour  landed  in  England  at  Martasew, 
neere  Saint  Michaels  mount  in  Cornewall. 

The  8  we  arrived  at  Hampton,  where  we  understood 
that  our  consort  the  Admiral  was  come  to  Portsmouth, 
and  had  bene  there  three  weekes  before :  and  also  that 
Ferdinando  the  Master  with  all  his  company  were  not 
onely  come  home  without  any  purchase,  but  also  in  such 
weaknesse  by  sicknesse,  and  death  of  their  chiefest  men, 
that  they  were  scarse  able  to  bring  their  ship  into  harbour, 
but  were  forced  to  let  fall  anker  without,  which  they 
VIII  401  2  c 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

could  not  wey  againe,  but  might  all  have  perished  there, 
if  a  small  barke  by  great  hap  had  not  come  to  them 
to  helpe  them.  The  names  of  the  chiefe  men  that 
died  are  these,  Roger  Large,  John  Mathew,  Thomas 
Smith,  and  some  other  saylers,  whose  names  I  knew  not 
at  the  writing  hereof.     An.  Dom.  1587. 

[III.  287.]  The  names  of  all  the  men,  women  and  children, 
which  safely  arrived  in  Virginia,  and  remained 
to  inhabite  there.  1587.  Anno  regni  Regins 
Elizabethae.   29. 


John  White. 
Roger  Baily. 
Ananias  Dare. 
Christopher  Cooper. 
Thomas  Stevens. 
John  Sampson. 
Dyonis  Harvie. 
Roger  Prat. 
George  How. 
Simon  Fernando. 
Nicholas  Johnson. 
Thomas  Warner. 
Anthony  Cage. 
John  Jones. 
William  WiUes. 
John  Brooke. 
Cutbert  White. 
John  Bright. 
Clement  Tayler. 
William  Sole. 
John  Cotsmur. 
Humfrey  Newton. 
Thomas  Colman. 
Thomas  Gramme. 
Marke  Bennet. 
John  Gibbes. 
John  Stilman. 


Robert  Wilkinson. 
John  Tydway. 
Ambrose  Viccars. 
Edmond  English. 
Thomas  Topan. 
Henry  Berry. 
Richard  Berry. 
John  Spendlove. 
John  Hemmington. 
Thomas  Butler. 
Edward  Powell. 
John  Burden. 
James  Hynde. 
Thomas  Ellis. 
William  Browne. 
Michael  Myllet. 
Thomas  Smith. 
Richard  Kemme. 
Thomas  Harris. 
Richard  Taverner. 
John  Earnest. 
Henry  Johnson. 
John  Starte. 
Richard  Darige. 
William  Lucas. 
Arnold  Archard. 
John  Wright. 


402 


THE  FOURTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA 


William  Button. 
Mauris  Allen. 
William  Waters. 
Richard  Arthur. 
John  Chapman. 
William  Clement. 
Robert  Little. 
Hugh  Tayler. 
Richard  Wildye. 
Lewes  Wotton. 
Michael  Bishop. 
Henry  Browne. 
Henry  Rufoote. 
Richard  Tomkins. 
Henry  Dorrell. 
Charles  Florrie. 
Henry  Mylton. 
Henry  Paine. 
Thomas  Harris. 
William  Nichols. 
Thomas  Phevens. 
John  Borden. 
Thomas  Scot. 
Peter  Little. 
John  Wyles. 
Brian  Wyles. 
George  Martyn. 
Hugh  Pattenson. 
Martin  Sutton. 
John  Farre. 
John  Bridger. 
GrifFen  Jones. 
Richard  Shabedge. 
James  Lasie. 
John  Cheven. 
Thomas  Hewet. 
William  Berde. 


Women. 

Elyoner  Dare. 
Margery  Harvie. 
Agnes  Wood. 
Wenefrid  Powell. 
Joyce  Ar chard. 
Jane  Jones. 
Elizabeth  Glane. 
Jane  Pierce. 
Audry  Tappan. 
Alis  Chapman. 
Emme  Merrimoth. 
Colman. 

Margaret  Lawrence. 
Joan  Warren. 
Jane  Mannering. 
Rose  Payne. 
Elizabeth  Viccars. 

Boyes  and  children. 

John  Sampson. 
Robert  Ellis. 
Ambrose  Viccars. 
Thomas  Archard. 
Thomas  Humfrey. 
Thomas  Smart. 
George  How. 
John  Prat. 
William  Wythers, 

Children  borne  in  Virginia. 

Virginia  Dare. 
Harvie. 

Savages. 

IVlanteO.  )  That  were   in    England 
ry-i  >  and  returned  home  into 

1  OWaye.  )  Virginia  with  them. 

[To  the 


A.D. 
1587. 


403 


A.D. 

1593- 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 


To  the  Worshipful  and  my  very  friend  Master 
Richard  Hakluyt,  much  happinesse  in  the 
Lord. 


Ir,  as  well  for  the  satisfying  of  your 
earnest  request,  as  the  performance  of 
my  promise  made  unto  you  at  my  last 
being  with  you  in  England,  I  have  sent 
you  (although  in  a  homely  stile,  especi- 
ally for  the  contentation  of  a  delicate 
eare)  the  true  discourse  of  my  last  voy- 
age into  the  West  Indies,  and  partes  of  America  called 
Virginia,  taken  in  hand  about  the  end  of  Februarie,  in 
the  yeare  of  our  redemption  1590.  And  what  events 
[III.  288.]  happened  unto  us  in  this  our  journey,  you  shall  plainely 
perceive  by  the  sequele  of  my  discourse.  There  were 
at  the  time  aforesaid  three  ships  absolutely  determined 
to  goe  for  the  West  Indies,  at  the  speciall  charges  of  M. 
John  Wattes  of  London  Marchant.  But  when  they 
were  fully  furnished,  and  in  readinesse  to  make  their 
departure,  a  generall  stay  was  commanded  of  all  ships 
thorowout  England.  Which  so  soone  as  I  heard,  I 
presently  (as  1  thought  it  most  requisite)  acquainted 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  therewith,  desiring  him  that  as  I 
had  sundry  times  afore  bene  chargeable  and  trouble- 
some unto  him,  for  the  supplies  and  reliefes  of  the 
planters  in  Virginia  :  so  likewise,  that  by  his  endevour 
it  would  please  him  at  that  instant  to  procure  license 
for  those  three  ships  to  proceede  on  with  their 
determined  voyage,  that  thereby  the  people  in  Virginia 
(if  it  were  God's  pleasure)  might  speedily  be  com- 
forted and  relieved  without  further  charges  unto  him. 
Whereupon  he  by  his  good  meanes  obtained  license 
of  the  Queenes  Majestic,  and  order  to  be  taken, 
that  the  owner  of  the  3  ships  should  be  bound  unto 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  or  his  assignes,  in  3000  pounds, 
that    those    3    ships    in    consideration    of   their    release- 

404 


LETTEK   FROM   JOHN   WHITE  ad. 

1593- 
ment  should  take  in,  &  transport  a  convenient 
number  of  passengers,  with  their  furnitures  and 
necessaries  to  be  landed  in  Virginia.  Neverthelesse  that 
order  was  not  observed,  neither  was  the  bond  taken 
according  to  the  intention  aforesaid.  But  rather  in 
contempt  of  the  aforesaid  order,  I  was  by  the  owner 
and  Commanders  of  the  ships  denied  to  have  any 
passengers,  or  any  thing  els  transported  in  any  of  the 
said  ships,  saving  only  my  selfe  &  my  chest  ;  no 
not  so  much  as  a  boy  to  attend  upon  me,  although 
I  made  great  sute,  &  earnest  intreatie  aswell  to  the 
chiefe  Commanders,  as  to  the  owner  .of  the  said 
ships.  Which  crosse  and  unkind  dealing,  although 
it  very  much  discontented  me,  notwithstanding  the 
scarsity  of  time  was  such,  that  I  could  have  no 
opportunity  to  go  unto  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  with  com- 
plaint :  for  the  ships  being  then  all  in  readinesse  to 
goe  to  the  Sea,  would  have  bene  departed  before  I 
could  have  made  my  returne.  Thus  both  Governors, 
Masters,  and  sailers,  regarding  very  smally  the  good 
of  their  countreymen  in  Virginia  ;  determined  nothing 
lesse  then  to  touch  at  those  places,  but  wholly  disposed 
themselves  to  seeke  after  purchase  &  spoiles,  spending 
so  much  time  therein,  that  sommer  was  spent  before 
we  arrived  at  Virginia.  And  when  we  were  come 
thither,  the  season  was  so  unfit,  &  weather  so  foule, 
that  we  were  constrained  of  force  to  forsake  that 
coast,  having  not  scene  any  of  our  planters,  with 
losse  of  one  of  our  ship-boates,  and  7  of  our  chiefest 
men  :  and  also  with  losse  of  3  of  our  ankers  and 
cables,  and  most  of  our  caskes  with  fresh  water  left 
on  shore,  not  possible  to  be  had  aboord.  Which 
evils  &  unfortunate  events  (as  Wei  to  their  owne 
losse  as  to  the  hinderance  of  the  planters  in  Virginia) 
had  not  chanced,  if  the  order  set  downe  by  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  had  bene  observed,  or  if  my  dayly  & 
continuall  petitions  for  the  performance  of  the  same 
might    have  taken  any  place.     Thus    may    you  plainely 

405 


Ao  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1590. 

perceive  the  successe  of  my  fift  &  last  voiage  to 
Virginia,  which  was  no  lesse  unfortunately  ended  then 
frowardly  begun,  and  as  lucklesse  to  many,  as  sinister 
to  my  selfe.  But  I  would  to  God  it  had  bene  as 
prosperous  to  all,  as  noysome  to  the  planters  ;  &  as 
joyfuU  to  me,  as  discomfortable  to  them.  Yet  seeing 
it  is  not  my  first  crossed  voyage,  I  remaine  contented. 
And  wanting  my  wishes,  I  leave  off  from  prosecuting 
that  whereunto  I  would  to  God  my  wealth  were 
answerable  to  my  will.  Thus  committing  the  reliefe 
of  my  discomfortable  company  the  planters  in  Virginia, 
to  the  merciful  help  of  the  Almighty,  whom  I  most 
humbly  beseech  to  helpe  &  comfort  them,  according 
to  his  most  holy  will  &  their  good  desire,  I  take 
my  leave  :  from  my  house  at  Newtowne  in  Kylmore 
the  4  of  February,   1593. 

Your  most  welwishing  friend, 

John  White. 

The  lift  voyage  of  M.  John  White  into  the 
West  Indies  and  parts  of  America  called 
Virginia,  in  the  yeere   1590. 

THe  20  of  March  the  three  shippes  the  Hope- 
well, the  John  Evangelist,  and  the  Little  John, 
put  to    Sea  from  Plymmouth  with  two   small  Shallops. 

The  25  at  midnight  both  our  Shallops  were  sunke  being 
towed  at  the  ships  stearnes  by  the  Boatswaines  negligence. 

On  the  30  we  saw  a  head  us  that  part  of  the  coast  of 
Barbary,  lying  East  of  Cape  Cantyn,  and  the  Bay  of  Asaphi. 

The  next  day  we  came  to  the  He  of  Mogador, 
where  rode,  at  our  passing  by,  a  Pinnesse  of  London 
called  the  Mooneshine. 

[III.  289.]  Aprill. 

|N   the    first    of  Aprill    we    ankored    in    Santa  Cruz 
rode,    where     we    found     two     great     shippes     of 
London    lading    in    Sugar,   of  whom  we    had     2     ship- 
boats    to    supply  the   losse  of  our   Shallops. 

406 


O' 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

On  the  2  we  set  sayle  from  the  rode  of  Santa 
Cruz,  for  the  Canaries. 

On  Saturday  the  4  we  saw  Alegranza,  the  East  He 
of  the  Canaries. 

On  Sunday  the  5  of  Aprill  we  gave  chase  to  a 
double  flyboat,  the  which,  we  also  the  same  day  fought 
with,  and  tooke  her,  with  losse  of  three  of  their  men 
slaine,  and  one  hurt. 

On  Munday  the  6  we  saw  Grand  Canarie,  and 
the  next  day  we  landed  and  tooke  in  fresh  water  on 
the  Southside  thereof. 

On  the  9  we  departed  from  Grand  Canary,  and 
framed  our  course  for  Dominica. 

The  last  of  Aprill  we  saw  Dominica,  and  the  same 
night  we  came  to  an  anker  on  the   Southside  thereof. 

May. 

THe  first  of  May  in  the  morning  many  of 
the  Salvages  came  aboord  our  ships  in  their 
Canowes,  and  did  traffique  with  us  ;  we  also  the 
same  day  landed  and  entered  their  Towne  from 
whence  we  returned  the  same  day  aboord  without 
any  resistance  of  the  Salvages  ;  or  any  offence  done  to 
them. 

The  2  of  May  our  Admirall  and  our  Pinnesse 
departed  from  Dominica  leaving  the  John  our  Vice- 
admirall  playing  off  and  on  about  Dominica,  hoping 
to  take  some  Spaniard  outwardes  bound  to  the  Indies  ; 
the  same  night  we  had  sight  of  three  smal  Hands 
called  Los  Santos,  leaving  Guadalupe  and  them  on  our 
starboord. 

The  3  we  had  sight  of  S.  Christophers  Hand, 
bearing  Northeast  and  by  East  off  us. 

On  the  4  we  sayled  by  the  Virgines,  which  are 
many  broken  Hands,  lying  at  the  East  ende  of  S. 
Johns  Hand  :  and  the  same  day  towards  evening  we 
landed  upon  one  of  them  called  Blanca,  where  we 
killed  an  incredible   number  of  foules  :   here  we  stayed 

407 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

but  three  houres,  &  from  thence  stood  into  the  shore 
Northwest,  and  having  brought  this  Hand  Southeast 
off  us,  we  put  towards  night  thorow  an  opening  or 
swatch,  called  The  passage,  lying  betwene  the  Virgines, 
and  the  East  end  of  S.  John  :  here  the  Pinnesse 
left  us   and   sayled   on  the  South  side  of   S.  John. 

The  5  and  6  the  Admirall  sayled  along  the  North- 
side  of  S.  John,  so  neere  the  shore  that  the  Spaniards 
discerned  us  to  be  men  of  warre  ;  and  therefore  made 
fires  along  the  coast  as  we  sailed  by,  for  so  their 
custome  is,  when  they  see  any  men  of  warre  on  their 
coasts. 

The  7  we  landed  on  the  Northwest  end  of  S.  John, 
where  we  watered  in  a  good  river  called  Yaguana,  and 
the  same  night  following  we  tooke  a  Frigate  of  tenne 
Tunne  comming  from  Gwathanelo  laden  with  hides 
and  ginger.  In  this  place  Pedro  a  Mollato,  who 
knewe  all  our  state,  ranne  from  us  to  the  Spaniards. 

On  the  9  we  departed  from  Yaguana. 

The  13  we  landed  on  an  Hand  called  Mona,  whereon 
were  10  or  12  houses  inhabited  of  the  Spaniards  ; 
these  we  burned  &  took  from  them  a  Pinnesse, 
which  they  had  drawen  a  ground  and  sunke,  and 
carried  all  her  sayles,  mastes,  and  rudders  into  the 
woods,  because  we  should  not  take  him  away  ;  we 
also  chased  the  Spaniards  over  all  the  Hand  ;  but  they 
hid  them  in  caves,  hollow  rockes,  and  bushes,  so  that 
we  could  not  find  them. 

On  the  14  we  departed  from  Mona,  and  the  next 
day  after  wee  came  to  an  Hand  called  Saona,  about  5 
leagues  distant  from  Mona,  lying  on  the  Southside  of 
Hispaniola  neere  the  East  end  :  betweene  these  two 
Hands  we  lay  off  and  on  4  or  5  dayes,  hoping  to  take 
some  of  the  Domingo  fleete  doubling  this  Hand,  as  a 
neerer  way  to  Spaine  then  by  Cape  Tyburon,  or  by 
Cape  S.  Anthony. 

On  Thursday  being  the  19  our  Viceadmirall,  from 
whom  we  departed  at  Dominica,  came  to  us   at   Saona, 

408 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE    TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

with    whom   we   left    a    Spanish    Frigate,  and    appointed 

him  to  lie  off  and  on   other   five  daies   betweene  Saona 

and    Mona    to    the    ende   aforesaid  ;    then    we   departed 

from  them   at   Saona   for  Cape  Tyburon.     Here  I    was 

enformed    that    our    men    of  the   Viceadmirall,  at   their 

departure    from    Dominica    brought    away    two    young 

Salvages,  which  were  the  chiefe  Casiques  sonnes  of  that 

Countrey  and  part   of  Dominica,  but  they  shortly  after 

ran    away  from   them    at    Santa   Cruz    Hand,    where   the 

Viceadmirall  landed  to  take  in  ballast. 

On  the  21  the  Admirall  came  to  the  Cape  Tyburon, 
where  we  found  the  John  Evangelist  our  Pinnesse 
staying  for  us  :  here  we  tooke  in  two  Spaniards  almost 
starved  on  the  shore,  who  made  a  fire  to  our  ships  as 
we  passed  by.  Those  places  for  an  100  miles  in 
length  are  nothing  els  but  a  desolate  and  meere  [III.  290.] 
wildernesse,  without  any  habitation  of  people,  and  full 
of  wilde  Bulles  and  Bores,  and  great  Serpents. 

The  22  our  Pinnesse  came  also  to  an  anker  in 
Aligato  Bay  at  Cape  Tyburon.  Here  we  understood 
of  M.  Lane,  Captaine  of  the  Pinnesse  ;  how  he  was  set  ^-  William 
upon  with  one  of  the  kings  Gallies  belonging  to  Santo  ^^^' 
Domingo,  which  was  manned  with  400  men,  who  after 
he  had  fought  with  him  3  or  4  houres,  gave  over  the 
fight  &  forsooke  him,  without  any  great  hurt  done  on 
eyther  part. 

The  26  the  John  our  Vizadmirall  came  to  us  to 
cape  Tyburon,  and  the  Frigat  which  we  left  with  him 
at  Saona.  This  was  the  appointed  place  where  we  should 
attend  for  the  meeting  with  the  Santo  Domingo  Fleete. 

On  Whitsunday  Even  at  Cape  Tyburon  one  of  our 
boyes  ranne  away  from  us,  and  at  ten  dayes  end  returned 
to  our  ships  almost  starved  for  want  of  food.  In  sundry 
places  about  this  part  of  Cape  Tyburon  we  found  the 
bones  and  carkases  of  divers  men,  who  had  perished 
(as  wee  thought)  by  famine  in  those  woods,  being 
either  stragled  from  their  company,  or  landed  there  by 
some  men  of  warre. 

409 


A.D. 

1590. 


O' 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


June. 


N  the  14  of  June  we  tooke  a  smal  Spanish  frigat 
which  fell  amongst  us  so  suddenly,  as  he 
doubled  the  point  at  the  Bay  of  Cape  Tyburon,  where 
we  road,  so  that  he  could  not  escape  us.  This  Frigat 
came  from  Santo  Domingo,  and  had  but  3  men  in 
her,  the  one  was  an  expert  Pilot,  the  other  a 
Mountainer,  and  the  third  a  Vintener,  who  escaped  all 
out  of  prison  at  Santo  Domingo,  purposing  to  fly  to 
Yaguana  which  is  a  towne    in    the  West  parts  of  His- 

Spanishfugi-    paniola    where    many    fugitive    Spaniards    are   gathered 

fives.  together. 

The  17  being  Wednesday  Captaine  Lane  was  sent 
to  Yaguana  with  his  Pinnesse  and  a  Frigat  to  take  a 
shippe,  which  was  there  taking  in  fraight,  as  we 
understood  by  the  old  Pylot,  whom  we  had  taken 
three  dayes  before. 

The  24  the  Frigat  returned  from  Captaine  Lane  at 
Yaguana,  and  brought  us  word  to  cape  Tyburon,  that 
Captaine  Lane  had  taken  the  shippe,  with  many 
passengers  and  Negroes  in  the  same  ;  which  proved  not 
so  rich  a  prize  as  we  hoped  for,  for  that  a  Frenchman 
of  warre  had  taken  and  spoyled  her  before  we  came. 
Neverthelesse  her  loading  was  thought  worth  1000  or 
1300  pounds,  being  hides,  ginger,  Cannafistula,  Copper- 
pannes,  and  Casavi. 

July- 

Edward  f  I  ^He  second  of  July  Edward  Spicer  whom  we  left  in 

Spicer.  J_    England  came  to  us  at  Cape  Tyburon,  accompanied 

with  a  small  Pinnesse,  whereof  one  M.  Harps  was 
Captaine.  And  the  same  day  we  had  sight  of  a  fleete 
of  14  saile  all  of  Santo  Domingo,  to  whom  we 
presently  gave  chase,  but  they  upon  the  first  sight  of 
us  fled,  and  separating  themselves  scattered  here  and 
there  :  Wherefore  we  were  forced  to  divide  our  selves 
and  so  made  after  them  untill   12  of  the  clocke  at  night. 

410 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 
But  then  by  reason   of  the  darkenesse  we  lost  sight  of 
ech    other,    yet    in     the    end    the    Admirall    and    the 
Moonelight  happened  to  be  together  the  same  night  at 
the    fetching    up    of    the    Vizadmirall    of   the    Spanish 
fleete,  against  whom   the   next   morning  we  fought  and  This  fight 
tooke    him,  with    losse    of  one    of  our    men    and    two  ^^-^  ^^  •"<§''^j 
hurt,  and  of  theirs  4  slaine  and  6  hurt.     But  what  was  ^f-^^^^^^ 
become   of   our  Viceadmirall,   our    Pinnesse,  and   Prize, 
and  two  Frigates,  in  all  this  time,  we  were  ignorant. 

The  3  of  July  we  spent  about  rifling,  romaging  and 
fitting  the  Prize  to  be  sailed  with  us. 

The  6  of  July  we  saw  Jamayca  the  which  we  left 
on  our  larboord,  keeping  Cuba  in  sight  on  our  star- 
boord. 

Upon  the  8  of  July  we  saw  the  Hand  of  Pinos, 
which  lieth  on  the  Southside  of  Cuba  nigh  unto  the 
West  end  or  Cape  called  Cape  S.  Anthony.  And  the 
same  day  we  gave  chase  to  a  Frigat,  but  at  night  we 
lost  sight  of  her,  partly  by  the  slow  sayling  of  our 
Admirall,  &  lacke  of  the  Moonelight  our  Pinnesse, 
whom  Captaine  Cooke  had  sent  to  the  Cape  the  day 
before. 

On  the  1 1  we  came  to  Cape  S.  Anthony,  where  we 
found  our  consort  the  Moonelight  and  her  Pinnesse 
abiding  for  our  comming,  of  whom  we  understood  that 
the  day  before  there  passed  by  them  22  saile,  some  of 
them  of  the  burden  of  300  and  some  400  tunnes 
loaden  with  the  Kings  treasure  from  the  maine,  bound 
for  Havana  ;  from  this  1 1  of  July  untill  22  we  were 
much  becalmed  :  and  the  winde  being  very  scarse,  and 
the  weather  exceeding  hoat,  we  were  much  pestered 
with  the  Spaniards  we  had  taken  :  wherefore  we  were 
driven  to  land  all  the  Spaniards  saving  three,  but  the 
place  where  we  landed  them  was  of  their  owne  choise 
on  the  Southside  of  Cuba  neere  unto  the  Organes  and 
Rio  de  Puercos. 

The  23  we  had  sight  of  the  Cape  of  Florida,  and 
the  broken  Hands  therof  called  the  Martires. 

411 


A.D.  THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 
[III.  291.]  The  25  being  S.  James  day  in  the  morning,  we  fell 

with  the  Matan9as,  a  head-land  8  leagues  towards  the 
East  of  Havana,  where  we  purposed  to  take  fresh 
water  in,  and  make  our  abode  two  or  three  dayes. 

On  Sunday  the  26  of  July  plying  too  and  fro  betweene 
the  Matan^as  and  Havana,  we  were  espied  of  three 
small  Pinnasses  of  S.  John  de  Ullua  bound  for 
Havana,  which  were  exceeding  richly  loaden.  These  3 
Pinnasses  came  very  boldly  up  unto  us,  and  so 
continued  untill  they  came  within  musket  shot  of  us. 
And  we  supposed  them  to  be  Captaine  Harps  pinnesse, 
and  two  small  Frigats  taken  by  Captain  Harpe  : 
wherefore  we  shewed  our  flag.  But  they  presently 
upon  the  sight  of  it  turned  about  &  made  all  the 
saile  they  could  from  us  toward  the  shore,  &  kept 
themselves  in  so  shallow  water,  that  we  were  not  able 
to  follow  them,  and  therefore  gave  them  over  with 
expence  of  shot  &  pouder  to  no  purpose.  But  if  we 
had  not  so  rashly  set  out  our  flagge,  we  might  have 
taken  them  all  three,  for  they  would  not  have  knowen 
us  before  they  had  bene  in  our  hands.  This  chase 
brought  us  so  far  to  leeward  as  Havana  :  wherfore 
not  finding  any  of  our  consorts  at  ye  Matan9as,  we 
put  over  again  to  the  cape  of  Florida,  &  from  thence 
thorow  the  chanel  of  Bahama. 

On  the  28  the  Cape  of  Florida  bare  West  of  us, 
7*^1?  state  of  The  30  we  lost  sight  of  the  coast  of  Florida,  and 
the  currents  stood  to  Sea  for  to  gaine  the  helpe  of  the  current 
ofFlori/ffo  which  runneth  much  swifter  a  farre  ofF  then  in  sight 
Virginia.  of  the  coast.  For  from  the  Cape  to  Virginia  all  along 
the  shore  are  none  but  eddie  currents,  setting  to  the 
South  and    Southwest. 

The  31  our  three  ships  were  clearely  disbocked,  the 
great  prize,  the  Admirall,  and  the  Mooneshine,  but  our 
prize  being  thus  disbocked  departed  from  us  without 
taking  leave  of  our  Admirall  or  consort,  and  sayled 
directly  for  England. 

412 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

August. 

ON  the  first  of  August  the  winde  scanted,  and  from 
thence  forward  we  had  very  fowle  weather  with 
much  raine,  thundering,  and  great  spouts,  which  fell 
round  about  us  nigh  unto  our  ships. 

The  3  we  stoode  againe  in  for  the  shore,  and  at 
midday  we  tooke  the  height  of  the  same.  The  height 
of  that  place  we  found  to  be  34  degrees  of  latitude. 
Towards  night  we  were  within  three  leagues  of  the  Low 
sandie  Hands  West  of  Wokokon.  But  the  weather  Sandie  Hands 
continued  so  exceeding-  foule,  that  we  could  not  come  ^"^f  y 
to  an  anker  nye  the  coast  :  wherefore  we  stood  off 
againe  to   Sea  untill   Monday  the  9  of  August. 

On  munday  the  storme  ceased,  and  we  had  very  great 
likelihood  of  faire  weather :  therefore  we  stood  in  againe 
for  the  shore :  &  came  to  an  anker  at  1 1  fadome  in  3  5  '^^H  ^^^^  ^^ 
degrees  of  latitude,  within  a  mile  of  the  shore,  where  ^^  ^gree^- 
we  went  on  land  on  the  narrow  sandy  Hand,  being  one 
of  the  Handes  West  of  Wokokon :  in  this  Hand  we 
tooke  in  some  fresh  water  and  caught  great  store  of  fish 
in  the  shallow  water.  Betweene  the  maine  (as  we 
supposed)  and  that  Hand  it  was  but  a  mile  over  and 
three  or  foure  foote  deepe  in  most  places. 

On  the  12  in  the  morning  we  departed  from  thence 
and  toward  night  we  came  to  an  anker  at  the  Northeast 
end   of  the   Hand   of  Croatoan,   by  reason   of  a  breach  ^  breach  ?. 
which  we  perceived  to  lie  out  two  or  three  leagues  into  ^.^  ^  ^^^S^^^ 
the  Sea :  here  we  road  all  that  night. 

The  13  in  the  morning  before  we  wayed  our  ankers, 
our  boates  were  sent  to  sound  over  this  breach :  our 
ships  riding  on  the  side  thereof  at  5  fadome ;  and  a 
ships  length  from  us  we  found  but  4  and  a  quarter, 
and  then  deeping  and  shallowing  for  the  space  of  two 
miles,  so  that  sometimes  we  found  5  fadome,  and  by  Great  diver- 
&  by  7,  and  within  two  casts  with  the  lead  9,  &  then  ^^0'^?^^^^'»^- 
8,  next  cast  5,  &  then  6,  &  then  4,  &  then  9  againe, 
and  deeper;   but  3  fadome  was  the  last,  2   leagues  off 

413 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

from  the  shore.  This  breach  is  in  35  degr.  &  a  halfe, 
&  lyeth  at  the  very  Northeast  point  of  Croatoan,  wheras 
goeth  a  fret  out  of  the  maine  Sea  into  the  inner  waters, 
which  part  the  Ilandes  and  the  maine  land. 

The   15  of  August  towards  Evening  we  came   to  an 

Hatorask  m     anker  at  Hatorask,  in   1^6  degr.  and   one  third,   in   five 

3  ^^.  a  f^(^Qj^  water,  three  leagues  from  the  shore.  At  our 
first  comming  to  anker  on  this  shore  we  saw  a  great 
smoke  rise  in  the  He  Raonoak  neere  the  place  where  I 
left  our  Colony  in  the  yeere  1587,  which  smoake  put 
us  in  good  hope  that  some  of  the  Colony  were  there 
.    expecting  my  returne  out  of  England. 

The  1 6  and  next  morning  our  2  boates  went  a  shore, 
&  Captaine  Cooke,  &  Cap.  Spicer,  &  their  company 
with  me,  with  intent  to  passe  to  the  place  at  Raonoak 
where  our  countreymen  were  left.  At  our  putting  from 
the  ship  we  commanded  our  Master  gunner  to  make 
readie  2  Minions  and  a  Falkon  well  loden,  and  to  shoot 
them  off  with  reasonable  space  betweene  every  shot,  to 
the  ende  that  their  reportes  might  bee  heard  to  the 
place  where  wee  hoped  to  finde  some  of  our  people. 
This  was  accordingly  performed,  &  our  twoe  boats  put 

[III.  292.]  off  unto  the  shore,  in  the  Admirals  boat  we  sounded 
all  the  way  and  found  from  our  shippe  untill  we  came 
within  a  mile  of  the  shore  nine,  eight,  and  seven  fadome : 
but  before  we  were  halfe  way  betweene  our  ships  and  the 
shore  we  saw  another  great  smoke  to  the  Southwest 
of  Kindrikers  mountes :  we  therefore  thought  good  to 
goe  to  that  second  smoke  first :  but  it  was  much  further 

They  land.  from  the  harbour  where  we  landed,  then  we  supposed 
it  to  be,  so  that  we  were  very  sore  tired  before  wee  came 
to  the  smoke.  But  that  which  grieved  us  more  was 
that  when  we  came  to  the  smoke,  we  found  no  man  nor 
signe  that  any  had  bene  there  lately,  nor  yet  any  fresh 
water  in  all  this  way  to  drinke.  Being  thus  wearied 
with  this  journey  we  returned  to  the  harbour  where 
we  left  our  boates,  who  in  our  absence  had  brought 
their  caske  a  shore  for  fresh  water,  so  we  deferred  our 

414 


THE   FIFTH   VOYAGE   TO   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

going  to  Roanoak  untill  the  next  morning,  and  caused 

some  of  those  saylers  to  digge  in  those  sandie   hills  for 

fresh    water   whereof  we    found   very    sufficient.      That  ^''^•^'^  water 

night   wee    returned    aboord    with   our    boates   and    our  j^ii^^  ^"  ^^^  -^ 

whole  company  in  safety. 

The  next  morning  being  the  17  of  August,  our  boates 
and  company  were  prepared  againe  to  goe  up  to  Roanoak, 
but  Captaine  Spicer  had  then  sent  his  boat  ashore  for 
fresh  water,  by  meanes  whereof  it  was  ten  of  the  clocke 
aforenoone  before  we  put  from  our  ships  which  were 
then  come  to  an  anker  within  two  miles  of  the  shore. 
The  Admirals  boat  was  halfe  way  toward  the  shore, 
when  Captaine  Spicer  put  off  from  his  ship.  The 
Admirals  boat  first  passed  the  breach,  but  not  without 
some  danger  of  sinking,  for  we  had  a  sea  brake  into  our 
boat  which  filled  us  halfe  full  of  water,  but  by  the  will 
of  God  and  carefull  styrage  of  Captaine  Cooke  we  came 
safe  ashore,  saving  onely  that  our  furniture,  victuals, 
match  and  powder  were  much  wet  and  spoyled.  For 
at  this  time  the  winde  blue  at  Northeast  and  direct  into 
the  harbour  so  great  a  gale,  that  the  Sea  brake  extremely 
on  the  barre,  and  the  tide  went  very  forcibly  at  the 
entrance.  By  that  time  our  Admirals  boate  was  hailed 
ashore,  and  most  of  our  things  taken  out  to  dry,  Captaine 
Spicer  came  to  the  entrance  of  the  breach  with  his  mast 
standing  up,  and  was  halfe  passed  over,  but  by  the  rash 
and  undiscreet  styrage  of  Ralph  Skinner  his  Masters 
mate,  a  very  dangerous  Sea  brake  into  their  boate  and 
overset  them  quite,  the  men  kept  the  boat  some  in  it, 
and  some  hanging  on  it,  but  the  next  sea  set  the  boat  on 
ground,  where  it  beat  so,  that  some  of  them  were  forced 
to  let  goe  their  hold,  hoping  to  wade  ashore  ;  but  the 
Sea  still  beat  them  downe,  so  that  they  could  neither 
stand  nor  swimme,  and  the  boat  twise  or  thrise  was 
turned  the  keele  upward,  whereon  Captaine  Spicer  and  Captaine 
Skinner  hung  untill  they  sunke,  &  were  seene  no  more,  y"^^ 
But  foure  that  could  swimme  a  litle  kept  themselves  in 
deeper  water  and  were  saved  by  Captain  Cookes  meanes, 

415 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

who  so  soone  as  he  saw  their  oversetting,  stripped  him- 
selfe,  and  foure  other  that  could  swimme  very  well,  & 
with  all  haste  possible  rowed  unto  them,  &  saved  foure. 
They  were  a  1 1  in  all,  &  7  of  the  chiefest  were  drowned, 
whose    names    were    Edward     Spicer,    Ralph    Skinner, 
Edward    Kelley,    Thomas    Bevis,    Hance    the    Surgion, 
Edward    Kelborne,    Robert    Coleman.      This    mischance 
did  so  much  discomfort  the  saylers,  that  they  were   all 
of  one  mind  not  to  goe  any  further  to  seeke  the  planters. 
But  in  the  end  by  the  commandement  &  perswasion  of 
me  and  Captaine  Cooke,  they  prepared  the  boates :  and 
seeing   the   Captaine   and    me    so   resolute,   they   seemed 
much   more  willing.     Our    boates   and    all   things   fitted 
againe,  we  put  off  from  Hatorask,  being  the  number  of 
1 9  persons  in  both  boates :  but  before  we  could  get  to 
the  place,  where  our  planters  were  left,  it  was  so  exceed- 
ing darke,  that  we  overshot  the  place  a  quarter  of  a  mile  : 
there  we  espied  towards  the  North  end  of  the  Hand  ye 
light  of  a  great  fire  thorow  the  woods,  to  the  which  we 
presently  rowed :  when  wee  came  right  over  against  it,  we 
let  fall  our  Grapnel  neere  the  shore,  &  sounded  with  a 
trumpet   a   Call,   &   afterwardes    many    familiar    English 
tunes  of  Songs,  and  called  to  them  friendly ;  but  we  had 
no  answere,  we  therefore  landed  at  day-breake,  and  com- 
ming  to  the  fire,  we  found  the  grasse  &  sundry  rotten 
trees   burning   about   the    place.     From    hence   we   went 
thorow  the  woods  to  that  part  of  the  Hand  directly  over 
against   Dasamongwepeuk,    &  from   thence   we   returned 
by  the  water  side,  round  about  the  North  point  of  the 
Hand,   untill    we    came    to   the    place    where    I    left    our 
Colony  in  the  yeere   1586.     In  all  this  way  we  saw  in 
the  sand  the  print  of  the  Salvages  feet  of  2  or  3  sorts 
troaden  ye  night,  and  as  we  entred  up  the  sandy  banke 
upon  a  tree,   in  the  very  browe  thereof  were  curiously 
carved  these  faire  Romane  letters  C  R  O  :  which  letters 
presently  we  knew  to  signifie  the  place,  where  I  should 
find    the    planters    seated,    according    to    a    secret    token 
agreed  upon  betweene  them  &  me  at  my  last  departure 

416 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

from  them,  which  was,  that  In  any  wayes  they  should 
not  faile  to  write  or  carve  on  the  trees  or  posts  of  the 
dores  the  name  of  the  place  where  they  should  be  seated ; 
for  at  my  comming  away  they  were  prepared  to  remove 
from  Roanoak  50  miles  into  the  maine.  Therefore  at 
my  departure  from  them  in  An.  1587  I  willed  them, 
that  if  they  should  happen  to  be  distressed  in  any  of 
those  places,  that  then  they  should  carve  over  the  letters 
or  name,  a  Crosse  »J<  in  this  forme,  but  we  found  no  such 
signe  of  distresse.  And  having  well  considered  of  this, 
we  passed  toward  the  place  where  they  were  left  in  [III.  293.] 
sundry  houses,  but  we  found  the  houses  taken  downe, 
and  the  place  very  strongly  enclosed  with  a  high  palisado 
of  great  trees,  with  cortynes  and  flankers  very  Fort-like, 
and  one  of  the  chiefe  trees  or  postes  at  the  right  side  of 
the  entrance  had  the  barke  taken  off,  and  5  foote  from  the 
ground  in  fayre  Capitall  letters  was  graven  CROATOAN 
without  any  crosse  or  signe  of  distresse  ;  this  done,  we 
entred  into  the  palisado,  where  we  found  many  barres 
of  Iron,  two  pigges  of  Lead,  foure  yron  fowlers.  Iron 
sacker-shotte,  and  such  like  heavie  things,  throwen  here 
and  there,  almost  overgrowen  with  grasse  and  weedes. 
From  thence  wee  went  along  by  the  water  side,  towards 
the  poynt  of  the  Creeke  to  see  if  we  could  find  any  of 
their  botes  or  Pinnisse,  but  we  could  perceive  no  signe 
of  them,  nor  any  of  the  last  Falkons  and  small  Ordinance 
which  were  left  with  them,  at  my  departure  from  them. 
At  our  returne  from  the  Creeke,  some  of  our  Saylers 
meeting  us,  tolde  us  that  they  had  found  where  divers 
chests  had  bene  hidden,  and  long  sithence  digged  up 
againe  and  broken  up,  and  much  of  the  goods  in  them 
spoyled  and  scattered  about,  but  nothing  left,  of  such 
things  as  the  Savages  knew  any  use  of,  undefaced.  Pre- 
sently Captaine  Cooke  and  I  went  to  the  place,  which  was 
in  the  ende  of  an  olde  trench,  made  two  yeeres  past  by 
Captaine  Amadas :  wheere  wee  found  five  Chests,  that 
had  bene  carefully  hidden  of  the  Planters,  and  of  the 
same  chests  three  were  my  owne,  and  about  the  place 

VIII  417  2D 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

many  of  my  things  spoyled  and  broken,  and  my  bookes 
torne  from  the  covers,  the  frames  of  some  of  my  pic- 
tures and  Mappes  rotten  and  spoyled  with  rayne,  and 
my  armour  almost  eaten  through  with  rust ;  this  could 
bee  no  other  but  the  deede  of  the  Savages  our  enemies 
at  Dasamongwepeuk,  who  had  watched  the  departure 
of  our  men  to  Croatoan ;  and  assoone  as  they  were 
departed,  digged  up  every  place  where  they  suspected 
any  thing  to  be  buried :  but  although  it  much  grieved 
me  to  see  such  spoyle  of  my  goods,  yet  on  the  other 
side  I  greatly  joyed  that  I  had  safely  found  a  certaine 
token  of  their  safe  being  at  Croatoan,  which  is  the  place 
where  Manteo  was  borne,  and  the  Savages  of  the  Hand 
our  friends. 

When  we  had  seene  in  this  place  so  much  as  we  could, 
we  returned  to  our  Boates,  and  departed  from  the  shoare 
towards  our  Shippes,  with  as  much  speede  as  wee  could : 
For  the  weather  began ne  to  overcast,  and  very  likely 
that  a  foule  and  stormie  night  would  ensue.  Therefore 
the  same  Evening  with  much  danger  and  labour,  we 
got  our  selves  aboard,  by  which  time  the  winde  and 
seas  were  so  greatly  risen,  that  wee  doubted  our  Cables 
and  Anchors  would  scarcely  holde  untill  Morning : 
wherefore  the  Captaine  caused  the  Boate  to  be  manned 
with  five  lusty  men,  who  could  swimme  all  well,  and 
sent  them  to  the  little  Hand  on  the  right  hand  of  the 
Harbour,  to  bring  aboard  sixe  of  our  men,  who  had 
filled  our  caske  with  fresh  water :  the  Boate  the  same 
night  returned  aboard  with  our  men,  but  all  our  Caske 
ready  filled  they  left  behinde,  unpossible  to  bee  had 
aboard  without  danger  of  casting  away  both  men  and 
Boates :  for  this  night  prooved  very  stormie  and  foule. 
The  next  Morning  it  was  agreed  by  the  Captaine  and 
my  selfe,  with  the  Master  and  others,  to  wey  anchor, 
and  goe  for  the  place  at  Croatoan,  where  our  planters 
were :  for  that  then  the  winde  was  good  for  that  place, 
and  also  to  leave  that  Caske  with  fresh  water  on  shoare 
in  the  Hand  untill  our  returne.     So  then  they  brought 

418 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1590. 

the  cable  to  the  Capston,  but  when  the  anchor  was 
almost  apecke,  the  Cable  broke,  by  meanes  whereof  we 
lost  another  Anchor,  wherewith  we  drove  so  fast  into 
the  shoare,  that  wee  were  forced  to  let  fall  a  third 
Anchor :  which  came  so  fast  home  that  the  Shippe  was 
almost  aground  by  Kenricks  mounts :  so  that  wee  were 
forced  to  let  slippe  the  Cable  ende  for  ende.  And  if 
it  had  not  chanced  that  wee  had  fallen  into  a  chanell 
of  deeper  water,  closer  by  the  shoare  then  wee  accompted 
of,  wee  could  never  have  gone  cleare  of  the  poynt  that 
lyeth  to  the  Southwardes  of  Kenricks  mounts.  Being 
thus  cleare  of  some  dangers,  and  gotten  into  deeper 
waters,  but  not  without  some  losse :  for  wee  had  but 
one  Cable  and  Anchor  left  us  of  foure,  and  the  weather 
grew  to  be  fouler  and  fouler ;  our  victuals  scarse,  and 
our  caske  and  fresh  water  lost :  it  was  therefore  deter- 
mined that  we  should  goe  for  Saint  John  or  some  other 
Hand  to  the  Southward  for  fresh  water.  And  it  was 
further  purposed,  that  if  wee  could  any  wayes  supply 
our  wants  of  victuals  and  other  necessaries,  either  at 
Hispaniola,  Sant  John,  or  Trynidad,  that  then  wee 
should  continue  in  the  Indies  all  the  Winter  following, 
with  hope  to  make  2.  rich  voyages  of  one,  and  at  our 
returne  to  visit  our  countreymen  at  Virginia.  The 
captaine  and  the  whole  company  in  the  Admirall  (with 
my  earnest  petitions)  thereunto  agreed,  so  that  it  rested 
onely  to  knowe  what  the  Master  of  the  Moone-light 
our  consort  would  doe  herein.  But  when  we  demanded  The'^  leave 
them  if  they  would  accompany  us  in  that  new  deter-  ^f  '^°^^^  "f 
mination,  they  alledged  that  their  weake  and  leake  ^  ^^" 
Shippe  was  not  able  to  continue  it ;  wherefore  the 
same  night  we  parted,  leaving  the  Moone-light  to  goe 
directly  for  England,  and  the  Admirall  set  his  course 
for  Trynidad,  which  course  we  kept  two  dayes. 

On   the   28.  the  winde  changed,   and  it  was  sette  on  [III.  294.] 
foule  weather  every  way :    but  this  storme  brought  the 
winde  West  and   Northwest,  and  blewe  so  forcibly,  that 
wee  were  able  to    beare   no   sayle,   but    our    fore-course 

419 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

halfe  mast  high,  wherewith  wee  ranne  upon  the  winde 
perforce,  the  due  course  for  England,  for  that  wee 
were  driven  to  change  our  first  determination  for 
Trynidad,  and  stoode  for  the  Hands  of  A9ores,  where 
wee  purposed  to  take  in  fresh  water,  and  also  there 
hoped  to  meete  with  some  English  men  of  warre  about 
those  Hands,  at  whose  hands  wee  might  obtaine  some 
supply  of  our  wants.  And  thus  continuing  our  course 
for  the  A9ores,  sometimes  with  calmes,  and  sometimes 
with  very  scarce  windes,  on  the  fifteenth  of  September 
the  winde  came  South  Southeast,  and  blew  so  exceed- 
ingly, that  wee  were  forced  to  lye  atry  all  that  day. 
At  this  time  by  account  we  judged  our  selves  to  be 
about  twentie  leagues  to  the  West  of  Cuervo  and 
Flores,  but  about  night  the  storme  ceased,  and  fayre 
weather  ensued. 

On  Thursday  the  seventeenth  wee  saw  Cuervo  and 
Flores,  but  we  could  not  come  to  anker  that  night,  by 
reason  the  winde  shifted.  The  next  Morning  being  the 
eighteenth,  standing  in  againe  with  Cuervo,  we  escryed 
a  sayle  ahead  us,  to  whom  we  gave  chase :  but  when 
wee  came  neere  him,  we  knew  him  to  be  a  Spanyard, 
and  hoped  to  make  sure  purchase  of  him :  but  we 
understood  at  our  speaking  with  him,  that  he  was  a 
prize,  and  of  the  Domingo  fleete  already  taken  by  the 
John  our  consort,  in  the  Indies.  We  learned  also  of 
this  prize,  that  our  Viceadmirall  and  Pinnesse  had 
fought  with  the  rest  of  the  Domingo  fleete,  and  had 
forced  them  with  their  Admirall  to  flee  unto  Jamaica 
under  the  Fort  for  succour,  and  some  of  them  ran 
themselves  aground,  whereof  one  of  them  they  brought 
away,  and  tooke  out  of  some  others  so  much  as  the 
time  would  permit.  And  further  wee  understood  of 
them,  that  in  their  returne  from  Jamaica  about  the 
Organes  neere  Cape  Saint  Anthony,  our  Viceadmirall 
mette  with  two  Shippes  of  the  mayne  land,  come  from 
Mexico,  bound  for  Havana,  with  whom  he  fought :  in 
which    fight    our    Viceadmirals    Lieutenant    was    slaine, 

420 


A   REPORT   OF   VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1590. 

and   the   Captaines  right  arme   strooken   off,  with  foure 

other   of  his  men  slaine,  and  sixteene  hurt.     But  in  the 

ende   he   entred,  and  tooke  one  of  the  Spanish  shippes, 

which  was   so   sore  shot  by  us  under  water,  that  before 

they  could   take   out    her    treasure   she   sunke ;    so    that 

we  lost  thirteene  Pipes  of  silver  which  sunke  with  her,   1 3-  P'^P'^  tf 

besides    much    other    rich    marchandize.     And    in    the  "'^'^'• 

meane    time    the    other    Spanish    shippe    being    pearced 

with   nine    shotte    under    water,    got   away ;    whom    our 

Viceadmirall    intended    to    pursue:    but    some    of  their 

men  in  the  toppe  made  certaine  rockes,  which  they  saw 

above  water  neere   the  shoare,  to  be  Gallies  of  Havana 

and  Cartagena,  comming  from  Havana  to  rescue  the  two 

Ships ;   Wherefore  they  gave  over  their  chase,  and  went 

for  England.     After  this  intelligence  was  given  us  by  this 

our  prize,  he  departed  from  us,  and  went  for  England. 

On  Saturday  the  19.  of  September  we  came  to  an 
Ancre  neere  a  small  village  on  the  North  side  of  Flores, 
where  we  found  ryding  5.  English  men  of  warre,  of 
whom  wee  understood  that  our  Viceadmirall  and  Prize 
were  gone  thence  for  England.  One  of  these  five  was 
the  Moonelight  our  consort,  who  upon  the  first  sight 
of  our  comming  into  Flores,  set  sayle  and  went  for 
England,  not  taking  any  leave  of  us. 

On  Sunday  the  20.  the  Mary  Rose,  Admirall  of  the 
Queenes  fleete,  wherein  was  Generall  Sir  John  Hawkins, 
stood  in  with  Flores,  and  divers  other  of  the  Queenes 
ships,  namely  the  Hope,  the  Nonpareilia,  the  Rainebow, 
the  Swift-sure,  the  Foresight,  with  many  other  good 
merchants  ships  of  warre,  as  the  Edward  Bonaventure, 
the  Marchant  Royal,  the  Amitie,  the  Eagle,  the 
Dainty  of  sir  John  Hawkins,  and  many  other  good 
ships  and  pinnesses,  all  attending  to  meete  with  the 
king  of  Spaines  fleete,  comming  from  Terra  firma  of 
the  West  Indies. 

The  22.  of  September  we  went  aboard  the  Rayne- 
bow,  and  towards  night  we  spake  with  the  Swift-sure, 
and    gave    him    3.    pieces.     The    captaines    desired    our 

421 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1590. 

company ;  wherefore  we  willingly  attended  on  them : 
who  at  this  time  with  10.  other  ships  stood  for  Faial. 
But  the  Generall  with  the  rest  of  the  Fleete  were 
separated  from  us,  making  two  fleetes,  for  the  surer 
meeting  with  the  Spanish  fleete. 

On  Wednesday  the  23.  we  saw  Gratiosa,  where  the 
Admiral  and  the  rest  of  the  Queens  fleete  were  come 
together.  The  Admirall  put  forth  a  flag  of  counsel, 
in  which  was  determined  that  the  whole  fleete  should 
go  for  the  mayne,  and  spred  themselves  on  the  coasts 
of  Spaine  and  Portugal,  so  farre  as  conveniently  they 
might,  for  the  surer  meeting  of  the  Spanish  fleete  in 
those  parts. 

The  26.  we  came  to  Faial,  where  the  Admiral  with 
some  other  of  the  fleete  ankred,  othersome  plyed  up 
and  downe  betweene  that  and  the  Pico  untill  midnight, 
at  which  time  the  Antony  shot  ofi^  a  piece  and  weyed, 
shewing  his  light :  after  whom  the  whole  fleete  stood 
to  the  East,  the  winde  at  Northeast  by  East. 

On  Sunday  the  27.  towards  Evening  wee  tooke  our 
[III.  295.]  leave  of  the  Admirall  and  the  whole  fleete,  who  stood 
to  the  East.  But  our  shippe  accompanied  with  a  Fly- 
boate  stoode  in  againe  with  S.  George,  where  we  pur- 
posed to  take  in  more  fresh  water,  and  some  other 
fresh  victuals. 

On  Wednesday  the  30.  of  September,  seeing  the 
winde  hang  so  Northerly,  that  wee  could  not  atteine 
the  Hand  of  S.  George,  we  gave  over  our  purpose  to 
water  there,  and  the  next  day  framed  our  due  course 
for  England. 

October. 

THe    2.    of    October    in     the    Morning    we    saw    S. 
Michaels  Hand  on   our   Starre   board  quarter. 
The   23.   at    10.   of  the   clocke   afore   noone,  we    saw 
Ushant  in  Britaigne. 

On  Saturday  the  24.  we  came  in  safetie,  God  be 
thanked,  to  an  anker  at  Plymmouth. 

422 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO 


A.D. 
1524. 


Certaine  Voyages  to  Florida,  and  the  later  and 
more  perfect  Discoveries  thereof,  to  wit,  of 
all  the  Seacoasts,  Rivers,  Bayes,  Havens,  Isles, 
and  Maine  Landes  farre  up  into  the  Countrey, 
and  a  Report  of  some  Colonies  and  Fortes 
there  planted  and  displanted,  with  a  Descrip- 
tion of  the  Government,  Disposition  and 
Qualitie  of  the  Naturall  Inhabitants,  and  a 
Declaration  of  the  Temperature  of  the  Cli- 
mate, and  of  the  manifolde  good  Commodities 
found  in  those  Regions. 

To  the  most  Christian  King  of  France, 
Francis  the  first. 

The  relation  of  John  de   Verrazzano    a    Florentine,    of 

the  land  by    him    discovered    in    the    name    of  his 

Majestie.  Written    in    Diepe    the    eight    of  July, 
1524.' 


Wrote  not  to  your  Majesty,  most 
Christian  king,  since  the  time  we  suf- 
fered the  tempest  in  the  North  partes, 
of  the  successe  of  the  foure  Shippes, 
which  your  Majestie  sent  forth  to  dis- 
cover new  lands  by  the  Ocean,  thinking 
your  Majestie  had  bene  already  duely 
enformed  thereof.  Now  by  these  presents  I  will  give 
your  Majestie  to  understand,  how  by  the  violence  of 
the  windes  we  were  forced  with  the  two  ships,  the 
Norman  and  the  Dolphin  (in  such  evill  case  as  they 
were)  to  land  in  Britaine.  Where  after  wee  had  re- 
payred  them  in  all  poynts  as  was  needefuU,  and  armed 
them  very  well,  we  tooke  our  course  along  by  the 
coast  of  Spaine,  which  your  Majestie  shall  understand 
by  the  profite  that  we  received  thereby.  Afterwards 
with  the  Dolphin  alone  we   determined    to   make    dis- 

423 


A.D. 
1524. 


The  Isle  of 
Madera. 


They  discover 
land. 


[III.  296.] 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

coverie  of  new  Countries,  to  prosecute  the  navigation 
we  had  already  begun,  which  I  purpose  at  this  present 
to  recount  unto  your  Majestic  to  make  manifest  the 
whole  proceeding  of  the  matter. 

The  17.  of  January  the  yeere  1524.  by  the  grace 
of  God  we  departed  from  the  dishabited  rocke  by  the 
isle  of  Madera,  apperteining  to  the  king  of  Portugal, 
with  50.  men,  with  victuals,  weapons,  and  other  ship- 
munition  very  well  provided  &  furnished  for  8. 
moneths :  And  sayling  Westwards  with  a  faire  Easterly 
winde,  in  25.  dayes  we  ran  500.  leagues,  and  the  20. 
of  Februarie  we  were  overtaken  with  as  sharpe  and 
terrible  a  tempest  as  ever  any  saylers  suffered :  whereof 
with  the  divine  helpe  and  mercifuU  assistance  of  Al- 
mighty God,  and  the  goodnesse  of  our  shippe,  accom- 
panied with  the  good  happe  of  her  fortunate  name,  we 
were  delivered,  and  with  a  prosperous  winde  followed 
our  course  West  and  by  North.  And  in  other  25. 
dayes  we  made  above  400.  leagues  more,  where  we 
discovered  a  new  land,  never  before  scene  of  any  man 
cither  ancient  or  moderne,  and  at  the  first  sight  it 
seemed  somewhat  low,  but  being  within  a  quarter  of  a 
league  of  it,  we  perceived  by  the  great  fires  that  we 
saw  by  the  Sea  coast,  that  it  was  inhabited :  and  saw 
that  the  landc  stretched  to  the  Southwards.  In  seeking 
some  convenient  Harborough  wherein  to  anchor  and  to 
have  knowledge  of  the  place,  we  saylcd  fiftie  leagues 
in  vainc,  and  seeing  the  land  to  runne  still  to  the 
Southwards,  we  resolved  to  returne  backe  againe  towards 
the  North,  where  wee  found  our  selves  troubled  with 
the  like  difficultie.  At  length  being  in  despaire  to  finde 
any  Port,  wee  cast  anchor  upon  the  coast,  and  sent 
our  Boate  to  shore,  where  we  saw  great  store  of  people 
which  came  to  the  Sea  side ;  and  seeing  us  approch, 
they  fled  away,  and  sometimes  would  stand  still  and 
looke  backe,  beholding  us  with  great  admiration :  but 
afterwards  being  animated  and  assured  with  signes  that 
we  made  them,  some  of   them   came  hard    to    the    Sea 

424 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  a.d. 

1524. 

side,  seeming  to  rejoyce  very  much  at  the  sight  of  us, 
and  marveiling  greatly  at  our  apparel,  shape  and  white- 
nesse,  shewed  us  by  sundry  signes  where  we  might 
most  commodiously  come  aland  with  our  Boat,  offering 
us  also  of  their  victuals  to  eate.  Now  I  wil  briefly 
declare  to  your  Majestie  their  life  and  maners,  as  farre 
as  we  could  have  notice  thereof:  These  people  goe 
altogether  naked,  except  only  that  they  cover  their 
privie  parts  with  certaine  skins  of  beasts  like  unto 
Marterns,  which  they  fasten  unto  a  narrow  girdle  made 
of  grasse  very  artificially  wrought,  hanged  about  with 
tayles  of  divers  other  beastes,  which  round  about  their 
bodies  hang  dangling  downe  to  their  knees.  Some  of 
them  weare  garlands  of  byrdes  feathers.  The  people 
are  of  colour  russet,  and  not  much  unlike  the  Saracens : 
their  hayre  blacke,  thicke  and  not  very  long,  which 
they  tye  together  in  a  knot  behind  and  weare  it  like 
a  litle  taile.  They  are  well  featured  in  their  limbes, 
of  meane  stature,  and  commonly  somewhat  bigger  then 
we:  broad  breasted,  strong  armed,  their  legs  and  other 
parts  of  their  bodies  well  fashioned,  and  they  are  dis- 
figured in  nothing,  saving  that  they  have  somewhat 
broade  visages,  and  yet  not  all  of  them :  for  we  saw 
many  of  them  wel  favoured,  having  blacke  and  great 
eyes,  with  a  cheerefuU  and  steady  looke,  not  strong  of 
body,  yet  sharpe  witted,  nymble  and  exceeding  great 
runners,  as  farre  as  we  could  learne  by  experience,  and 
in  those  two  last  qualities  they  are  like  to  the  people 
of  the  East  partes  of  the  world,  and  especially  to  them 
of  the  uttermost  parts  of  China.  We  could  not  learne 
of  this  people  their  maner  of  living,  nor  their  parti- 
cular customs,  by  reason  of  the  short  abode  we  made 
on  the  shore,  our  company  being  but  small,  and  our. 
ship  ryding  farre  off  in  the  Sea.  And  not  farre  from 
these  wee  found  another  people,  whose  living  wee 
thinke  to  be  like  unto  theirs ;  (as  hereafter  I  wil 
declare  unto  your  Majestie)  shewing  at  this  present  the 
situation   and  nature  of  the  foresayd  land.     The  shoare 

425 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1524. 

is  all  covered  with  small  sand,  and  so  ascendeth  up- 
wards for  the  space  of  15.  foote,  rising  in  forme  of 
litle  hils  about  50.  paces  broad.  And  sayling  forwards, 
we  found  certaine  small  Rivers  and  armes  of  the  Sea, 
that  fall  downe  by  certaine  creekes,  washing  the  shoare 
on  both  sides  as  the  coast  lyeth.  And  beyond  this 
we  saw  the  open  Countrey  rising  in  height  above  the 
sandie  shoare  with  many  faire  fields  and  plaines,  full 
of  mightie  great  woods,  some  very  thicke,  and  some 
thinne,  replenished  with  divers  sorts  of  trees,  as  pleasant 
and  delectable  to  behold,  as  is  possible  to  imagine. 
And  your  Majesty  may  not  thinke  that  these  are  like 
the  woods  of  Hercynia  or  the  wilde  deserts  of  Tartary, 
and  the  Northerne  coasts  full  of  fruitlesse  trees :  But 
they  are  full  of  Palme  trees,  Bay  trees,  and  high 
Cypresse  trees,  and  many  other  sortes  of  trees  un- 
knowen  in  Europe,  which  yeeld  most  sweete  savours 
farre  from  the  shoare,  the  propertie  whereof  we  could 
not  learne  for  the  cause  aforesaid,  and  not  for  any 
difficulty  to  passe  through  the  woods,  seeing  they  are 
not  so  thicke  but  that  a  man  may  passe  through  them. 
Neither  doe  we  thinke  that  they  partaking  of  the 
East  world  round  about  them,  are  altogether  voyd  of 
drugs  or  spicery,  and  other  riches  of  golde,  seeing  the 
colour  of  the  land  doth  so  much  argue  it.  And  the 
land  is  full  of  many  beastes,  as  Stags,  Deere  and  Hares, 
and  likewise  of  Lakes  and  Pooles  of  fresh  water,  with 
great  plentie  of  Fowles,  convenient  for  all  kinde  of 
34.  Degrees,  pleasant  game.  This  land  is  in  latitude  34.  degrees, 
with  good  and  wholesome  ayre,  temperate,  betweene 
hot  and  colde,  no  vehement  windes  doe  blowe  in  those 
Regions,  and  those  that  doe  commonly  reigne  in  those 
coasts,  are  the  Northwest  and  West  windes  in  the 
summer  season,  (in  the  beginning  whereof  we  were 
there)  the  skie  cleere  and  faire  with  very  litle  raine  : 
and  if  at  any  time  the  ayre  be  cloudie  and  mistie  with 
the  Southerne  winde,  immediatly  it  is  dissolved  and 
waxeth  cleere  and  fayre  againe.     The  Sea  is  calme,  not 

426 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  ad. 

1524. 
boysterous,    the    waves    gentle  :     and    although    all    the 
shore  be  somewhat  sholde  and  without  harborough,  yet 
Is    it    not    dangerous    to    the    saylers,    being    free    from 
rocks  and   deepe,  so   that  within   4   or   5.    foote   of  the 
shore,  there  is   20.  foote   deepe   of  water   without   ebbe 
or  flood,  the  depth  still  increasing  in  such  uniforme  pro- 
portion.    There   is  very  good   ryding  at   Sea  :    for    any 
ship  being  shaken  in  a  tempest,  can  never  perish  there 
by   breaking    of  her  cables,   which    we   have  proved   by 
experience.     For    in   the   beginning   of  March   (as   it   is 
usuall  in  all   regions)   being   in   the   Sea  oppressed   with 
Northerne    windes,    and    ryding    there,   wee    found    our 
anchor  broken  before  the  earth  fayled  or  mooved  at  all. 
We   departed   from    this   place,    stil    running    along    the  T"^^  '^^^•f^ 
coast,  which  we  found  to  trend  toward  the  East,  &  we  ^^y^^^^f^  ^°  ^^^ 
saw    every    where    very    great    nres,    by    reason    or    the  ^g^^ees  of 
multitude  of  the  inhabitants.     While  we   rode   on   that  latitude. 
coast,  partly  because  it  had  no  harborough,  and  for  that 
we   wanted   water,   we   sent    our   boat   ashoare   with  25. 
men  :   where   by   reason   of  great    and   continuall   waves 
that  beat  against  the  shoare,  being  an  open  Coast,  with- 
out   succour,    none    of    our    men    could    possibly    goe 
ashoare    without    loosing    our    boate.     Wee    saw    there 
many  people  which  came  unto  the  shoare,  making  divers  Courteous  and 
signes  of  friendship,  and  shewing  that  they  were  content  &^'^^^^  people. 
we  should  come  aland,  and  by  trial  we  found  them  to  be 
very  courteous  and  gentle,  as  your  Majestie  shal  under- 
stand  by   the   successe.     To   the   intent   we   might   send 
them    of    our    things,     which    the    Indians    commonly  [III.  297.] 
desire    and    esteeme,   as    sheetes   of  paper,   glasses,   bels, 
and    such   like   trifles  ;    we    sent    a    young    man    one    of 
our  Mariners  ashoare,  who  swimming  towards  them,  & 
being  within  3.  or  4.  yards   of  the   shore,  not   trusting 
them,    cast    the    things    upon    the    shoare  :    but    seeking 
afterwards  to  returne,  he  was  with  such  violence  of  the 
waves   beaten   upon   the   shore,   that   he  was   so   bruised 
that  he  lay  there  almost  dead  :   which  the   Indians  per- 
ceiving, ranne  to  catch  him,  and  drawing  him  out,  they 

427 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1524. 

caried   him    a   litle   way  ojff  from    the   sea.     The   yong 
man  perceiving  they  caried  him,  being  at   the   first   dis- 
maied,    began    then    greatly    to    feare,    and    cried    out 
piteously :    likewise    did    the   Indians  which   did   accom- 
pany him,  going  about  to  cheere  him  and  to  give  him 
courage,  and   then   setting    him    on    the    ground    at    the 
foote  of  a  litle   hil   against   the    sunne,   they  began   to 
behold    him    with    great    admiration,    marveiling   at    the 
whitenesse   of  his    flesh  :    And    putting    off  his   clothes, 
they  made  him  warme  at  a  great  fire,  not  without  our 
great    feare    which    remayned    in    the    boate,    that    they 
would    have    rosted    him    at    that    fire,    and    have    eaten 
him.     The   young    man   having   recovered   his   strength, 
and  having  stayed  a  while  with  them,  shewed  them  by 
signes    that    he    was   desirous    to    returne    to    the    ship  : 
and  they  with  great  love  clapping  him  fast  about  with 
many  imbracings,  accompanying  him   unto   the   sea,  and 
to  put  him  in  more  assurance,  leaving  him  alone,  went 
unto    a   high    ground   and    stood    there,    beholding    him 
untill    he   was   entred   into   the   boate.     This  yong   man 
observed,   as   we   did   also,  that  these   are   of  colour   in- 
clining  to    Blacke   as   the    other    were,    with    their    flesh 
very    shining,   of  meane   stature,   handsome    visage,   and 
delicate    limmes,    and    of    very    litle     strength,     but    of 
prompt  wit  :  farther  we  observed  not. 
They  run  50         Departing    from    hence,    following    the     shore    which 
leagues  Jar-      trended    somewhat    toward    the    North,    in    50.    leagues 
space    we    came    to    another    land    which    shewed    much 
more   faire   and   ful   of  woods,   being  very   great,  where 
we  rode  at  anker  :  and  that  we  might  have  some  know- 
ledge thereof,  wee  sent  20.  men  aland,  which  entred  into 
the  countrey  about   2.  leagues,  and  they  found  that  the 
people    were    fled   to    the    woods    for    feare.     They   saw 
onely  one  olde  woman  with   a  young  maide  of  18.  or 
20.  yeeres  olde,  which  seeing   our   company,  hid  them- 
selves in  the   grasse   for   feare  :   the   olde   woman   caried 
two  Infants  on  her   shoulders,  and   behind   her   necke  a 
child  of  8.  yeeres  olde.     The  young  woman  was  laden 

428 


ther. 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  ad. 

1524- 
likewise    with    as    many :    but    when    our    men    came 
unto    them,    the    women    cried    out  :     the    olde    woman 
made  signes  that  the  men  were  fledde  unto  the  woods. 
Assoone  as   they   saw   us   to   quiet   them   and  to    winne 
their  favour,  our  men  gave  them  such  victuals  as  they 
had  with  them,  to   eate,  which  the  old  woman  received 
thankfully  :   but  the    yong   woman    disdained    them    all, 
&  threw  them  disdainfully  on  the  ground.     They  tooke 
a  child  from  the  olde  woman  to  bring  into  France,  and 
going  about  to  take  the  yong  woman  which   was   very 
beautiful    and   of  tall   stature,   they   could   not    possibly, 
for  the  great  outcries  that  she   made,  bring   her  to   the 
sea  :  and  especially  having  great  woods  to  passe  thorow, 
and    being    farre    from   the   ship,  we  purposed   to  leave 
her   behind,    bearing  away  the   child   onely.     We   found 
those    folkes    to    be    more    white    then    those    that    we 
found  before,  being  clad  with  certaine  leaves  that  hang 
on    boughs    of  trees,    which    they    sewe    together    with 
threds    of  wilde  hempe  :    their  heads   were   trussed   up  Wilde 
after    the     same    maner     as    the     former     were :     their  ^^^P^- 
ordinary   foode    is    of  pulse,    whereof    they    have    great 
store,  differing  in  colour  and  taste  from  ours  ;  of  good 
and  pleasant  taste.     Moreover  they  live  by  fishing  and 
fowling,  which  they  take  with  ginnes,  and  bowes   made 
of  hard  wood,  the  arrowes  of  Canes,  being  headed  with 
the  bones  of  fish,  &  other  beasts.     The   beasts  in  these 
parts  are  much  wilder  then   in  our  Europe,  by  reason 
they  are  continually  chased  and  hunted.     We  saw  many 
of  their  boats  made  of  one  tree  20.  foote  long,  and  4. 
foote   broad,   which   are   not    made  with   yron   or  stone, 
or  any   other   kind   of  metall   (because    that    in  all   this 
countrey  for  the  space  of  200.  leagues  which  we  ranne,  ^^^^  ^^« 
we    never    saw    one    stone    of    any    sort :  )    they   helpe  ^^°^^  f^  ^°^^^ 
themselves  with  fire,  burning  so  much  of  the  tree  as  is  y^^'  „j^y 
sufficient   for    the    hoUownesse    of    the    boat;    the   like  hollow  their 
they  doe  in  making  the  sterne  &  the  forepart,  untill  it  Camas  with 
be  fit  to  saile  upon  the  sea.     The  land   is   in   situation  J^^'^' 
goodnes    and    fairenesse  like   the   other  :   it   hath   woods 

429 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1524. 

like  the  other,  thinne  and  full  of  divers  sorts  of  trees : 
but  not  so  sweete,  because  the  country  is  more 
Northerly  and  colde. 

Fines  like  We    saw    in    this    Countrey    many    Vines    growing 

those  of  Lorn-    naturally,  which   growing   up,  tooke   holde   of  the   trees 
^^  as   they    doe    in    Lombardie,    which    if    by    husbandmen 

they  were  dressed  in  good  order,  without  all  doubt 
they  would  yeeld  excellent  wines  :  for  having  often- 
times seene  the  fruit  thereof  dryed,  which  was  sweete 
and  pleasant,  and  not  differing  from  ours,  wee  thinke 
that  they  doe  esteeme  the  same,  because  that  in  every 
place  where  they  growe,  they  take  away  the  under 
branches  growing  round  about,  that  the  fruit  thereof  may 
ripen  the  better. 

We  found  also  roses,  violets,  lilies,  and  many  sorts 
of  herbes,  and  sweete  and  odoriferous  flowers  different 
from  ours.  We  knewe  not  their  dwellings,  because 
they  were  farre  up  in  the  land,  and  we  judge  by  many 
signes  that  we  saw,  that  they  are  of  wood  &  of  trees 
framed  together. 

[III.  298.]  We  doe  beleeve  also  by  many  conjectures  and  signes, 

that  many  of  them  sleeping  in  the  fields,  have  no  other 
covert  then  the  open  sky.  Further  knowledge  have  we 
not  of  them  :  we  thinke  that  all  the  rest  whose  coun- 
trey s  we  passed,  live  all  after  one  maner.  Having 
made  our  aboade  three  dayes  in  this  country,  and  ryd- 
ing  on  the  coast  for  want  of  harboroughs,  we  concluded 
to  depart  from  thence,  trending  along  the  shore  betweene 
the  North  and  the  East,  sayling  onely  in  the  day-time, 

100  Leagues    and    riding    at    anker    by   night.      In   the   space   of  100. 

sayling.  leagues  sayling  we  found  a  very  pleasant  place  situated 

amongst  certaine  litle  steepe  hils  :  from  amidst  the  which 

y/  mighty         hils   there   ran   downe   into   the   sea    an    exceeding   great 

river.  streme  of  water,  which  w' in  the  mouth  was  very  deepe, 

&  from  the  sea  to  the  mouth  of  the  same  with  ye 
tide  which  we  found  to  rise  8.  foote,  any  great  ship 
laden  may  passe  up. 

But  because  we  rode  at  anker  in  a  place  well  fenced 

430 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  ad. 

1524. 
from  the  wind,  we  would  not  venture  our  selves  without 
knowledge   of  the   place  :   and   we   passed   up    with   our 
boat  onely  into   the   sayd   River,  and   saw   the  countrey 
very  well    peopled.     The    people    are    almost  like   unto  People  dad 
the  others,  and  are  clad  with  the  feathers   of  fowles   of  '^jf^fi^^^^fs 
divers  colours  :  they  came  towards   us  very  cheerefuUy,  ^/^^^j. 
making  great  showts  of  admiration  ;   shewing   us   where 
we    might    come    to   land    most    safely    with    our    boat. 
We  entred  up  the  said   river  into  the  land   about  halfe 
a  league,  where  it  made  a  most  pleasant  lake   about   3. 
leagues   in   compasse  :   on   the   which    they    rowed    from 
the    one    side   to   the   other    to    the    number    of   30.    of 
their    small    boats,    wherein    were    many    people   which 
passed    from   one   shore   to   the   other  to   come  and   see 
us.     And   behold   upon,  the   sudden   (as   it   is   woont  to 
fall   out   in   sayling)    a   contrary   flaw   of  wind   comming 
from  the  sea,  we  were  inforced  to  returne  to  our  ship, 
leaving  this  lande   to   our  great  discontentment,  for  the 
great    commodity    and    pleasantnesse    thereof,   which    we  Thepleasant- 
suppose    is     not     without     some     riches,    all     the     hils  \^f\f^^i"f^^ 
shewing    minerall    matters   in  them.     We  weyed    anker,  7-^^  ^^^^f  ' 
and  sayled  toward   the  East,   for   so   the  coast    trended,  trendeth  to  the 
and    so    alwayes    for    50.    leagues    being   in     the    sight  -^'^■f^- 
thereof,  we  discovered  an  Hand  in  forme  of  a  trianHe,  "^.^^  i^Jf!^K 

■i-  ^      j_     r  ^1  •  11  1  t  1       tionofLlaudia 

distant    rrom    the    mame    land     10.    leagues,    about  the  //^„^  ^^^^^ 
bignesse  of  the  Hand   of  the    Rhodes  :    it    was  full    of  leagues  from 
hils  covered   with   trees,  well   peopled,  for    we   saw  fires  the  mayne. 
all  along    the    coast  :    wee    gave  it  the    name    of  your  C^^^^^<^^^f 
Majesties  mother,  not   staying    there    by  reason    of  the  ^pj-ands     ^^^ 
weather  being  contrary. 

And  we  came  to  another  land  being  15.  leagues  A  passing 
distant  from  the  Hand,  where  we  found  a  passing  good  haven. 
good  haven,  wherein  being  entred,  we  found  about 
20.  small  boats  of  the  people,  which  with  divers  cries 
and  wondrings  came  about  our  ship,  comming  no 
neerer  then  50.  paces  towards  us  :  they  stayed  and 
beheld  the  artificialnesse  of  our  ship,  our  shape  & 
apparel  :    then    they   all   made    a    loud    showt  together, 

431 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1524. 

declaring  that  they  rejoyced.  When  we  had  something 
animated  them,  using  their  gestures,  they  came  so 
neere  us,  that  we  cast  them  certaine  bels  and  glasses, 
and  many  toyes,  which  when  they  had  received,  they 
looked  on  them  with  laughing,  and  came  without 
feare  aboard  our  ship.  There  were  amongst  these 
people  2.  kings  of  so  goodly  stature  and  shape  as  is 
possible  to  declare  :  the  eldest  was  about  40.  yeeres 
of  age,  the  second  was  a  yong  man  of  20.  yeeres 
olde.  Their  apparell  was  on  this  maner  :  the  elder  had 
upon  his  naked  body  a  Harts  skin  wrought  artificially 
with  divers  branches  like  damaske  :  his  head  was  bare 
with  the  hayre  tyed  up  behind  with  divers  knots  : 
about  his  necke  he  had  a  large  chaine,  garnished  with 
divers  stones  of  sundry  colours  :  the  yong  man  was 
almost  apparelled  after  ye  same  maner.  This  is  the 
goodliest  people,  &  of  the  fairest  conditions  that  we 
have  found  in  this  our  voyage.  They  exceed  us  in 
bignes  :  they  are  of  the  colour  of  brasse,  some  of 
them  incline  more  to  whitenesse  :  others  are  of  yellow 
colour,  of  comely  visage,  with  long  and  blacke  haire, 
which  they  are  very  careful  to  trim  and  decke  up  : 
they  are  blacke  and  quicke  eyed,  and  of  sweete  and 
pleasant  countenance,  imitating  much  the  old  fashion. 
I  write  not  to  your  Majestie  of  the  other  parts  of 
their  body,  having  al  such  proportion  as  apperteineth 
to  any  handsome  man.  The  women  are  of  the  like 
conformitie  and  beautie  :  very  handsome  and  well 
favoured,  of  pleasant  countenance,  and  comely  to  be- 
hold :  they  are  as  wel  manered  and  continent  as  any 
women,  and  of  good  education  :  they  are  all  naked 
save  their  privy  partes,  which  they  cover  with  a 
Deeres  skin  branched  or  embrodered  as  the  men  use  : 
there  are  also  of  them  which  weare  on  their  armes 
very  rich  skinnes  of  Luzernes  :  they  adorne  their 
heads  with  divers  ornaments  made  of  their  owne  haire, 
which  hang  downe  before  on  both  sides  their  brestes  : 
others  use  other  kinde  of  dressing  themselves  like  unto 

432 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  ad. 

1524. 

the  women  of  Egypt  and  Syria,  these  are  of  the  elder 
sort  :  and  when  they  are  maried,  they  weare  divers 
toyes,  according  to  the  usage  of  the  people  of  the 
East,  aswell  men  as  women. 

Among  whom  we  saw  many  plates  of  wrought  Coppermore 
copper,  which  they  esteeme  more  then  golde,  which  esteemed  then 
for  the  colour  they  make  no  account  of,  for  that 
among  all  other  it  is  counted  the  basest  :  they  make 
most  account  of  Azure  and  Red.  The  things  that 
they  esteeme  most  of  all  those  which  we  gave 
them,  were  bels,  christal  of  Azure  colour,  and  other 
toyes  to  hang  at  their  eares  or  about  their  necke. 
They  did  not  desire  cloth  of  silke  or  of  golde,  much 
lesse  of  any  other  sort,  neither  cared  they  for  things  [III.  299.] 
made  of  Steele  and  yron,  which  wee  often  shewed 
them  in  our  armour  which  they  made  no  wonder  at, 
and  in  beholding  them  they  onely  asked  the  arte  of 
making  them  :  the  like  they  did  at  our  glasses,  which 
when  they  beheld,  they  suddenly  laught  and  gave 
them  us  againe.  They  are  very  liberall,  for  they  give 
that  which  they  have  :  wee  became  great  friends  with 
these,  and  one  day  we  entred  into  the  Haven  with 
our  ship,  whereas  before  we  rode  a  league  off  at  Sea 
by  reason  of  the  contrary  weather.  They  came  in 
great  companies  of  their  small  boats  unto  the  ship 
with  their  faces  all  bepainted  with  divers  colours, 
shewing  us  that  it  was  a  signe  of  joy,  bringing  us 
of  their  victuals,  they  made  signes  unto  us  where  we 
might  safest  ride  in  the  Haven  for  the  safegard  of 
our  ship  keeping  still  our  company :  and  after  we 
were  come  to  an  anker,  wee  bestowed  15  dayes  in 
providing  our  selves  many  necessary  things,  whither 
every  day  the  people  repaired  to  see  our  ship  bringing 
their  wives  with  them,  whereof  they  were  very  jelous  : 
and  they  themselves  entring  abord  the  ship  &  staying 
there  a  good  space,  caused  their  wives  to  stay  in  their 
boats,  and  for  all  the  intreatie  we  could  make,  offring 
to  give  them  divers  things,  we  could  never  obtaine  that 
VIII  433  2  E 


A.D.  THE  ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1524. 

they  would  suffer  them  to  come  abord  our  ship.     And 
oftentimes  one  of  the  two    kings    comming    with     his 
queene,  and    many     gentlemen     for    their     pleasure     to 
see  uSj    they   all  stayed   on    the   shore    200  paces  from 
us,  sending   a    small    boat    to    give    us    intelligence    of 
their    comming,    saying    they  would    come    to    see    our 
ship  :  this   they   did    in    token  of    safety,   and    assoone 
as   they  had   answere    from  us,   they   came     immediatly, 
and    having  staied  a  while  to    behold    it,  they  wondred 
at    hearing    the    cries    and     noyses    of     the     mariners. 
The    queene    and    her    maids    stayed    in    a  very    light 
boat,   at  an  Hand   a   quarter  of  a  league   off,  while   the 
king  abode  a  long  space  in  our    ship    uttering    divers 
conceits  with    gestures,  viewing  with     great    admiration 
all   the  furniture  of   the  ship,  demanding    the   property 
of  every   thing   particularly.       He  tooke    likewise    great 
pleasure   in   beholding  our  apparell,  and  in   tasting    our 
meats,    &    so    courteously    taking    his    leave     departed. 
And  sometimes    our    men    staying    2    or   3    daies  on    a 
litle  Hand  neere   the    ship    for    divers  necessaries   (as    it 
is    the  use  of  seamen)  he    returned    with    7    or    8     of 
his   gentlemen    to    see    what    we    did,  &     asked   of  us 
oftentimes   if  we  meant  to  make  any  long  abode  there, 
offring   us  of  their  provision  :  then    the    king   drawing 
his   bow   and   running    up   and  down    with    his  gentle- 
men, made   much   sport  to  gratifie  our   men  :    we  were 
oftentimes  within  the  land    5    or    6    leagues,   which    we 
Most  pleasant   found   as    pleasant    as   is    possible    to   declare,    very   apt 
andjruitjul      ^^^  ^^^  kind    of  husbandry    of  corne,  wine    and    oyle  : 
for    that    there    are    plaines    25     or    30    leagues    broad, 
open    and  without    any    impediment,    of  trees    of  such 
fruitfulnesse,    that    any    seed   being    sowen    therein,    wil 
bring  forth  most  excellent  fruit.     We  entred  afterwards 
into  the    woods,  which  we  found    so  great  and    thicke, 
that  any  army   were  it   never   so  great   might  have  hid 
it    selfe    therein,    the    trees    whereof  are    okes,    cipresse 
trees,     and     other     sortes    unknowen    in    Europe.     We 
found   Pomi   appii,    damson    trees,    and  nut    trees,    and 

434 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  ad. 

1524. 
many  other  sorts  of  fruit  differing  from  ours  :  there 
are  beasts  in  great  abundance,  as  harts,  deere,  luzerns, 
&  other  kinds  which  they  take  with  their  nets  & 
bowes  which  are  their  chiefe  weapons  :  the  arrowes 
which  they  use  are  made  with  great  cunning,  and  in 
stead  of  yron,  they  head  them  with  flint,  with  jasper 
stone  &  hard  marble  &  other  sharp  stones  which 
they  use  in  stead  of  yron  to  cut  trees,  &  to  make 
their  boates  of  one  whole  piece  of  wood,  making  it 
hollow  with  great  and  wonderful  art,  wherein  10.  or 
12.  men  may  sit  commodiously  :  their  oares  are  short 
and  broad  at  the  end,  and  they  use  them  in  the  sea 
without  any  danger,  and  by  maine  force  of  armes, 
with  as  great  speedines  as  they  list  themselves.  We 
saw  their  houses  made  in  circular  or  round  forme  10  The  fashion  of 
or  12  paces  in  compasse,  made  with  halfe  circles  of  ^^^'"'  ^°^^^^- 
timber,  separate  one  from  another  without  any  order 
of  building,  covered  with  mattes  of  straw  wrought 
cunningly  together,  which  save  them  from  the  wind 
and  raine  :  and  if  they  had  the  order  of  building 
and  perfect  skil  of  workmanship  as  we  have,  there 
were  no  doubt  but  that  they  would  also  make  eft- 
soones  great  &  stately  buildings.  For  all  the  sea 
coasts  are  ful  of  cleare  and  glistering  stones,  &  ala- 
blaster,  and  therefore  it  is  full  of  good  havens  and  The  coast  fall 
harboroughs  for  ships.  They  moove  the  foresaid  °fg°°d^^^^»^' 
houses  from  one  place  to  another  according  to  the 
commodity  of  the  place  &  season  wherin  they  wil 
make  their  abode,  and  only  taking  off  the  mattes, 
they  have  other  houses  builded  incontinent.  The 
father  and  the  whole  family  dwell  together  in  one 
house  in  great  number  :  in  some  of  them  we  saw  25 
or  30  persons.  They  feed  as  the  other  doe  aforesaid 
of  pulse  which  grow  in  that  Countrey  with  better 
order  of  husbandry  then  in  the  others.  They  observe 
in  their  sowing  the  course  of  the  Moone  and  the 
rising  of  certaine  starres,  and  divers  other  customes 
spoken    of     by     antiquity.      Moreover     they     live     by 

435 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1524. 

hunting  and  fishing.      They  live   long,  &    are    seldome 

sicke,    and     if    they    chance    to    fall   sicke   at  any   time, 

Their  curing    they  heale  themselves  with  fire  without  any  phisitian,  and 

■with  Tobacco    ^j^^^  g^^  ^^^  ^^^  j-^  £qj.  ^^j.^  ^^^^     They  are  very  piti- 

full  and  charitable  towards  their  neighbours,  they  make 
great  lamentations  in  their  adversitie  :  and  in  their 
miserie,  the  kinred  reckon  up  all  their  felicitie.  At 
their    departure  out    of  life,    they    use    mourning    mixt 

[III.  300.]  with  singing,  which  continueth  for  a  long  space.  This 
is  asmuch   as  we  could   learne  of  them.     This    land    is 

\\. degrees  l^  situated    in    the    Paralele  of  Rome,  in   41.  degrees  and 

2.  tierces.  ^  terces  :  but  somewhat  more  colde  by  accidentall 
causes  and  not  of  nature,  (as  I  will  declare  unto 
your  highnesse  elsewhere)  describing  at  this  present 
the  situation  of  the  foresaid  Countrey,  which  lieth 
East  and  West,  I  say  that  the  mouth  of  the  Haven 
lieth  open  to  the  South  halfe  a  league  broad,  and  being 
entred  within   it    betweene  the   East  and   the    North,   it 

The  descrip-     stretcheth  twelve  leagues  :  where  it  waxeth  broader  and 

tion  of  a  broader,    and    maketh    a    gulfe    about    20.    leagues    in 

notable  haven  '  ,         .  ^     °  n    t  1       1  r     -.c  ^■^ 

in  41  deg       compasse,   wherem    are  nve   small   Islands  very   rruitrull 

and  2.  tierces,  and  pleasant,  full  of  hie  and  broade  trees,  among  the 
which  Islandes  any  great  Navie  may  ride  safe  without  any 
feare  of  tempest  or  other  danger.  Afterwards  turning 
towardes  the  South  in  the  entring  into  the  Haven  on 
both  sides  there  are  most  pleasant  hils,  with  many  rivers 
of  most  cleare  water  falling  into  the  Sea. 

In  the  middest  of  this  entrance  there  is  a  rocke  of 
free  stone  growing  by  nature  apt  to  build  any  Castle 
or  Fortresse  there,  for  the  keeping  of  the  haven.  The 
fift  of  May  being  furnished  with  all  things  necessarie, 
we   departed  from  the  said   coast   keeping   along   in   the 

\z^o  leagues,  sight  thereof,  and  wee  sailed  150.  leagues  finding  it 
alwayes  after  one  maner :  but  the  land  somewhat  higher 

A  shew  of       with    certaine    mountaines,   all    which    beare    a   shew    of 

minerall.  minerall  matter,  wee  sought  not  to  land  there  in  any 
place,  because  the  weather  served  our  turne  for  sailing : 
but  wee  suppose  that  it  was  like   the  former,  the  coast 

436 


JOHN   DE   VERRAZZANO  a.d. 

1524. 
ranne  Eastward  for  the  space  of  fiftie  leagues.  And  T'he  coast  run- 
trending  afterwards  to  the  North,  we  found  another  «^'«^f  ^^^^^'-^ 
land  high  full  of  thicke  woods,  the  trees  whereof  were 
firres,  cipresses  and  such  like  as  are  wont  to  grow  in 
cold  Countreys.  The  people  differ  much  from  the  other,  fi  ere  the  people 
and  looke  how  much  the  former  seemed  to  be  courteous  J^J^J^^l^ 
and  gentle  :  so  much  were  these  full  of  rudenesse  and 
ill  maners,  and  so  barbarous  that  by  no  signes  that  ever 
we  could  make,  we  could  have  any  kind  of  traffike 
with  them.  They  cloth  themselves  with  Beares  skinnes 
and  Luzernes  and  Scales  and  other  beasts  skinnes. 
Their  food,  as  farre  as  we  coulde  perceive,  repairing 
often  unto  their  dwellings,  we  suppose  to  be  by 
hunting  &  fishing,  and  of  certaine  fruits,  which  are  a 
kind  of  roots  which  the  earth  yeeldeth  of  her  own 
accord.  They  have  no  graine,  neither  saw  we  any  kind 
or  signe  of  tillage,  neither  is  the  land,  for  the  barrennesse 
thereof,  apt  to  beare  fruit  or  seed.  If  at  any  time  we 
desired  by  exchange  to  have  any  of  their  commodities, 
they  used  to  come  to  the  sea  shore  upon  certaine  craggy 
rocks,  and  we  standing  in  our  boats,  they  let  downe 
with  a  rope  what  it  pleased  them  to  give  us,  crying 
continually  that  we  should  not  approch  to  the  land, 
demanding  immediatly  the  exchange,  taking  nothing 
but  knives,  fishookes,  and  tooles  to  cut  withall,  neyther 
did  they  make  any  account  of  our  courtesie.  And  when 
we  had  nothing  left  to  exchange  with  them,  when  we 
departed  from  them,  the  people  shewed  all  signes  of 
discourtesie  and  disdaine,  as  were  possible  for  any 
creature  to  invent.  We  were  in  despight  of  them  2  or 
3  leagues  within  the  land,  being  in  number  25  armed 
men  of  us  :  And  when  we  went  on  shore  they  shot  at 
us  with  their  bowes  making  great  outcries,  and 
afterwards  fled  into  the  woods.  We  found  not  in  this 
land  any  thing  notable,  or  of  importance,  saving  very 
great  woods  and  certaine  hilles,  they  may  have  some 
minerall  matter  in  them,  because  wee  saw  many  of  them  ^^^^^^  gf 
have  headstones  of  Copper  hanging  at  their  eares.     We  copper. 

437 


A.D. 

1524. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


3  2  pleasant 
Islands. 


They  ran 
almost  t 
degrees. 


departed  from  thence  keeping  our  course  Northeast 
along  the  coast,  which  we  found  more  pleasant 
champion  and  without  woods,  with  high  mountaines 
within  the  land  continuing  directly  along  the  coast  for 
the  space  of  fiftie  leagues,  we  discovered  32  Islands  lying 
al  neere  the  land,  being  small  and  pleasant  to  the  view, 
high  and  having  many  turnings  and  windings  betweene 
them,  making  many  faire  harboroughs  and  chanels  as 
they  doe  in  the  gulfe  of  Venice  in  Sclavonia,  and 
Dalmatia,  we  had  no  knowledge  or  acquaintance  with 
the  people  :  we  suppose  they  are  of  the  same  maners 
and  nature  as  the  others  are.  Sayling  Northeast  for  the 
space  of  150.  leagues  we  approched  to  the  land  that  in 
times  past  was  discovered  by  the  Britons,  which  is  in 
fiftie  degrees.  Having  now  spent  all  our  provision  and 
^d7^Lf  ^°'  victuals,  and  having  discovered  about  700  leagues  and 
more  of  new  Countreys,  and  being  furnished  with  water 
and  wood,  we  concluded  to  returne  into  France. 

Touching  the  religion  of  this  people,  which  wee  have 
found,  for  want  of  their  language  wee  could  not 
understand  neither  by  signes  nor  gesture  that  they  had 
any  religion  or  lawe  at  all,  or  that  they  did  acknowledge 
any  first  cause  or  moover,  neither  that  they  worship  the 
heaven  or  stars  the  Sunne  or  Moone  or  other  planets, 
and  much  lesse  whither  they  be  idolaters,  neither  could 
wee  learne  whither  that  they  used  any  kind  of  sacrifices 
or  other  adorations,  neither  in  their  villages  have  they 
any  Temples  or  houses  of  prayer.  We  suppose  that  they 
have  no  religion  at  all,  and  that  they  live  at  their  owne 
libertie.  And  that  all  this  proceedeth  of  ignorance,  for 
that  they  are  very  easie  to  be  perswaded :  and  all  that 
they  see  us  Christians  doe  in  our  divine  service,  they 
did  the  same  with  the  like  imitation  as  they  saw  us 
to  doe  it. 


438 


THE   DESCRIPTION   OF   FLORIDA  ad. 

1587. 

A  notable  historic  containing  foure  voyages  made  [III.  301.] 
by  certaine  French  Captaines  into  Florida  : 
Wherein  the  great  riches  and  fruitefulnesse  of 
the  Countrey  with  the  maners  of  the  people 
hitherto  concealed  are  brought  to  light, 
written  all,  saving  the  last,  by  Monsieur 
Laudonniere,  who  remained  there  himselfe  as 
the  French  Kings  Lieutenant  a  yeere  and  a 
quarter  : 

Translated  out  of  French  into  English  by  M. 
Richard    Hakluyt. 

To  the  right  honourable  Sir  Walter  Ralegh 
Knight,  Captaine  of  her  Majesties  Gard,  Lord 
Warden  of  the  Stanneries,  and  her  Highnesse 
Lieutenant  generall  of  the  County  of  Corne- 
walL  R.   H.  wisheth  true  felicite. 


Ir,  after  that  this  historic,  which  had 
bene  concealed  many  yeeres,  was  lately 
committed  to  print  and  published  in 
France  under  your  Name  by  my  learned 
friend  M.  Martine  Basanier  of  Paris,  I 
was  easily  enduced  to  turne  it  into 
English,  understanding  that  the  same 
was  no  lesse  gratefull  to  you  here,  then  I  know  it  to  be 
acceptable  to  many  great  and  worthie  persons  there. 
And  no  marvaile  though  it  were  very  welcome  unto 
you,  and  that  you  liked  of  the  translation  thereof,  since 
no  history  hitherto  set  forth  hath  more  affinitie, 
resemblance  or  conformitie  with  yours  of  Virginia,  then 
this  of  Florida.  But  calling  to  minde  that  you  had 
spent  more  yeeres  in  France  then  I,  and  understand  the 
French  better  then  my  selfe,  I  forthwith  perceived  that 
you  approoved  mine  endevour,  not  for  any  private  ease 
or   commoditie   that   thereby  might    redound  unto  you, 

439 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

but  that  it  argued  a  singular  and  especiall  care  you  had 

of  those  which  are    to  be  employed  in  your  owne  like 

enterprise,  whom,  by  the  reading  of  this  my  translation, 

you  would   have  forewarned  and   admonished  aswell   to 

beware  of  the  gross  negligence  in  providing  of  sufficiency 

of  victuals,   the    securitie,   disorders,   and    mutinies    that 

fell  out  among  the  French,  with  the  great  inconveniences 

Other  mens      that    thereupon    ensued,    that    by    others    mishaps    they 

misfortune        rnight    learne   to   prevent   and   avoyde    the    like,  as   also 
oumt  to  be  our       •    1      1  •  •     1      1         1  t  r    ^  -r  u 

warnins.  might  be  put  in  mmde,  by  the  reading  or  the  manirolde 

commodities  and  great   fertilitie  of  the  places  herein   at 

large    described    and    so    neere     neighbours    unto    our 

Colonies,    that    they   might    generally    bee    awaked    and 

stirred  up  unto  the  diligent  observation  of  every  thing 

that    might    turne   to    the    advancement    of    the    action, 

wherinto  they  are  so  cheerefully  entred.     Many  speciall 

poynts  concerning  the  commodities  of  these  partes,  the 

accidents  of  the  French  mens   government   therein,   the 

causes  of  their  good  or  bad  successe,  with  the  occasions 

of  the  abandoning  one  of  their  forts,  and  the  surprise  of 

the  other  by  the  enemie  are  herein  truely  and  faithfully 

recorded :  Which  because  they  be  quoted  by  me  in  the 

margents,   and   reduced   into    a    large   alphabeticall   table, 

which  I  have  annexed  to  the  ende  of  the  worke,  it  shall 

be  needlesse  to  recken  up  againe.     And  that  the  rather, 

because  the  same   with   divers    other    things    of  chiefest 

The  chiefe        importance  are  lively  drawne  in  colours  at  your  no  smal 

things  worthie  charges     by     the     skillfull      painter     James      Morgues, 

Florida  are      sometime  living   in   the   Black-fryers  in  London  (whom 

drawen  in        Monsieur    Chastillion    then    Admirall    of    France    sent 

colours  by         thither  with  Laudonniere  for  that  purpose)  which  was  an 

JamesMor-      eye-witnesse    of    the    goodnesse    and    fertility    of  those 

^metime  ^^     regions,  and  hath  put  downe  in  writing  many  singularities 

living  in  the     which  are  not  mentioned  in  this  treatise :  which  since  he 

Black  fryers     hath    published    together    with   the    purtraitures.     These 

tn  London.        foure  voyages  I  knew  not  to  whom  I  might  better  offer 

then  to  your  selfe,  and  that  for  divers  just  considerations. 

First,  for  that  as  I  have  sayd  before,  they  were  dedicated 

440 


THE   DESCRIPTION   OF   FLORIDA  ad. 

1587. 
unto  you  in  French  :  secondly  because  now  foure  times 
also  you   have  attempted  the  like   upon   the   selfe  same 
coast     neere    adjoyning :     thirdly     in     that    you     have 
persed    as    farre    up    into    the    maine    and    discovered 
no    lesse    secrets    in    the    partes    of  your   aboad,    then 
the     French     did    in     the    places    of    their    inhabiting 
lastly   considering  you    are   now    also    ready    (upon    the 
late  returne  of  Captaine  Stafford  and  good  newes  which  he 
brought  you  of  the  safe  arrival  of  your  last  Colony  in 
their    wished    haven)     to    prosecute    this    action    more 
throughly  then  ever.     And  here  to  speake   somewhat  of 
this    your    enterprise,    I   affirme,    that   if  the   same   may 
speedily  and  effectually  be  pursued,  it  will  proove  farre 
more  beneficiall  in  divers  respects  unto  this  our  realme, 
then  the  world,  yea  many  of  the  wiser  sort,  have  hitherto 
imagined.     The  particular  commodities  whereof  are  wel  A  collection  of 
knowen  unto  your  selfe  and  some  few  others,  and  are  ^^e commodities 
faithfully  and  with  great  judgement  committed  to  writing,         ^'"^'^^'^• 
as  you  are  not  ignorant,  by  one  of  your  followers,  which  [III.  302.] 
remained  there  about  a  twelvemonth  with  your  worshipful 
Lieutenant  M.  Ralph  Lane,  in  the  diligent  search  of  the 
secrets  of  those   Countreys.     Touching  the   speedy  and 
effectual   pursuing   of  your  action,  though   I  wote   well 
it  would  demaund  a  princes  purse  to  have  it  throughly 
followed  without  lingring,  yet  am  I  of  opinion,  that  you 
shall  drawe  the  same  before  it  be  long  to  be  profitable  and 
gainful  aswel  to  those  of  our  nation  there  remaining,  as  to 
the   merchants    of    England    that    shall    trade    hereafter 
thither,    partly    by   certaine    secret    commodities    already 
discovered  by  your   servants,   &   partly  by   breeding    of  ^eanes  to 
divers  sorts  of  beasts  in  those  large  and  ample  regions,  ^^"^^f^^fi*^" 
and  plantmg  of  such  things  in  that  warme  climat  as  wil  ^^^^  ^j,  ^^^ 
best  prosper  there,  and  our  realme  standeth  most  in  need  Spaniards  iff 
of     And  this  I  find  to  have  bin  the  course  that  both  the  Portugals. 
Spaniards  and  Portugals  tooke  in  the  beginnings  of  their 
discoveries  &  conquests.     For  the  Spaniards  at  their  first 
entrance  into  Hispaniola  found  neither  suger-canes  nor 
ginger  growing  there,  nor  any   kind  of  our  cattel :  But 

441 


A.D. 
1587. 

Kine,  suger- 
canes  and 
ginger  trans- 
ported into 
Hispaniola 
and  Madera, 


Woad  and 
vines  planted 
in  the  Jzores. 


The  great 
zeale  of  Eliza- 
beth Queen  e 
of  Castile  and 
Aragon  in 
advancing  of 
nezv  discoveries 
tending  to 
Gods  glo}-y. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

finding  the  place  fit  for  pasture  they  sent  kine  &  buls  and 
sundry  sorts  of  other  profitable  beasts  thither,  &  trans- 
ported the  plants  of  suger-canes,  and  set  the  rootes  of 
ginger :  the  hides  of  which  oxen,  with  suger  and  ginger, 
are  now  the  chiefe  merchandise  of  that  Island.  The 
Portugals  also  at  their  first  footing  in  Madera,  as  John 
Barros  writes  in  his  first  Decade,  found  nothing  there  but 
mighty  woods  for  timber,  whereupon  they  called  the 
Island  by  that  name.  Howbeit  the  climate  being  favour- 
able, they  inriched  it  by  their  own  industry  with  the  best 
wines  and  sugers  in  the  world.  The  like  maner  of 
proceeding  they  used  in  the  Isles  of  the  Azores  by  sowing 
therin  great  quantity  of  Woad.  So  dealt  they  in  S. 
Thomas  under  the  Equinoctial,  and  in  Brasil,  and  sundry 
other  places.  And  if  our  men  will  follow  their  steps, 
by  your  wise  direction  I  doubt  not  but  in  due  time  they 
shall  reape  no  lesse  commoditie  and  benefit.  Moreover 
there  is  none  other  likelihood  but  that  her  Majesty,  which 
hath  Christned,  and  given  the  name  to  your  Virginia, 
if  need  require,  will  deale  after  the  maner  of  honorable 
godmothers,  which,  seeing  their  gossips  not  fully  able  to 
bring  up  their  children  themselves,  are  wont  to  contribute 
to  their  honest  education,  the  rather  if  they  find  any 
towardlines  or  reasonable  hope  of  goodnesse  in  them. 
And  if  Elizabeth  Queene  of  Castile  and  Aragon,  after  her 
husband  Ferdinando  and  she  had  emptied  their  cofers  and 
exhausted  their  treasures  in  subduing  the  kingdome  of 
Granada  and  rooting  the  Mores,  a  wicked  weed,  out  of 
Spayne,  was  neverthelesse  so  zealous  of  Gods  honour, 
that  (as  Fernandus  Columbus  the  sonne  of  Christopher 
Columbus  recordeth  in  the  history  of  the  deedes  of  his 
father)  she  layd  part  of  her  owne  jewels,  which  she  had  in 
great  account,  to  gage,  to  furnish  his  father  foorth  upon 
his  first  voyage,  before  any  foot  of  land  of  all  the  West 
Indies  was  discovered  ;  what  may  we  expect  of  our  most 
magnificent  and  gracious  prince  Elizabeth  of  England, 
into  whose  lappe  the  Lord  hath  most  plentifully  throwne 
his  treasures,  what  may  wee,  I  say,  hope  of  her  forward- 

442 


THE   DESCRIPTION   OF   FLORIDA  a.d. 

1587- 
nesse  and  bounty  in  advancing  of  this  your  most  honour- 
able enterprise,  being  farre  more  certaine  then  that  of 
Columbus,  at  that  time  especially,  and  tending  no  lesse  to 
the  glorie  of  God  then  that  action  of  the  Spanyardes  ? 
For  as  you  may  read  in  the  very  last  wordes  of  the 
relation  of  Newe  Mexico  extant  nowe  in  English,  the 
maine  land,  where  your  last  Colonic  meane  to  seate  them- 
selves, is  replenished  with  many  thousands  of  Indians, 
Which  are   of  better  wittes  then  those  of  Mexico   and   The  aptnesse 

Peru,  as  hath  bene  found  by  those  that  have  had  some  ''•J^i^!^^ 
•   11       r  II'  1         J      1  ,  z»  the  matne 

triall   of  them :  whereby   it  may  bee  gathered  that  they  of  Virginia  to 

will  easily  embrace  the  Gospell,  forsaking  their  idolatrie,  embrace 
wherein  at  this  present  for  the  most  part  they  are  wrapped  Christiamtie. 
and  intangled.  A  wise  Philosopher  noting  the  sundry  Seneca, 
desires  of  divers  men,  writeth,  that  if  an  oxe  bee  put  into 
a  medowe  hee  will  seeke  to  fill  his  bellie  with  grasse,  if  a 
Storke  bee  cast  in  shee  will  seeke  for  Snakes,  if  you  turne 
in  a  Hound  he  will  seeke  to  start  an  Hare :  So  sundry 
men  entring  into  these  discoveries  propose  unto  them- 
selves severall  endes.  Some  seeke  authoritie  and  places 
of  commandement,  others  experience  by  seeing  of  the 
worlde,  the  most  part  worldly  and  transitorie  gaine,  and 
that  often  times  by  dishonest  and  unlawfuU  meanes,  the 
fewest  number  the  glorie  of  God  and  the  saving  of  the 
soules  of  the  poore  and  blinded  infidels.  Yet  because 
divers  honest  and  well  disposed  persons  are  entred  already 
into  this  your  businesse,  and  that  I  know  you  meane 
hereafter  to  sende  some  such  good  Churchmen  thither,  as 
may  truely  say  with  the  Apostle  to  the  Savages,  Wee  z.Cor.\z.\if. 
seeke  not  yours  but  you  :  I  conceive  great  comfort  of  the 
successe  of  this  your  action,  hoping  that  the  Lorde,  whose 
power  is  wont  to  bee  perfected  in  weakenesse,  will  blesse 
the  feeble  foundations  of  your  building.  Onely  bee  you  Josue  i.  6. 
of  a  valiant  courage  and  faint  not,  as  the  Lorde  sayd  unto 
Josue,  exhorting  him  to  proceede  on  forward  in  the  con- 
quest of  the  land  of  promise,  and  remember  that  private 
men  have  happily  wielded  and  waded  through  as  great 
enterprises  as  this,  with  lesser  meanes  then  those  which 

443 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1587. 

God  in  his  mercie  hath  bountifully  bestowed  upon  you, 
[III.  303.]  to  the  singuler  good,  as  I  assure  my  selfe,  of  this  our 
Common  wealth  wherein  you  live.  Hereof  we  have 
The  good  sue-  examples  domesticall  and  forreine.  Remember  I  pray 
T^yfRk'-d  ^°^'  ^^'^^  y°^  ^^*^  ^^  ^^^  beginning  of  the  Chronicle 
Stravgbow  ^^  ^^^  conquest  of  Ireland  newly  dedicated  unto  your 
earle  of  C hep-  selfe.  Read  you  not  that  Richard  Strangbow  the  decayed 
stow.  earle  of  Chepstow  in  Monmuthshire,  being  in  no   great 

favour  of  his  soveraigne,  passed  over  into  that  Island  in 
the  yere  1171.  and  accompanied  only  with  certain  of  his 
private  friends  had  in  short  space  such  prosperous 
successe,  that  he  opened  the  way  for  king  Henry  the 
second  to  the  speedy  subjection  of  all  that  warlike  nation 
to  this  crowne  of  England .''  The  like  conquest  of 
Brasilia,  and  annexing  the  same  to  the  kingdome  of 
Portugall  was  first  begun  by  meane  and  private  men,  as 
Don  Antonio  de  Castillio,  Ambassadour  here  for  that 
realme,  and  by  office  keeper  of  all  the  records  and  monu- 
ments of  their  discoveries,  assured  me  in  this  city  in  the 
yere  1 58 1 .  Now  if  the  greatnes  of  the  maine  of  Virginia, 
and  the  large  extension  therof,  especially  to  the  West, 
should  make  you  thinke  that  the  subduing  of  it,  were  a 
matter  of  more  difficulty  then  the  conquest  of  Ireland, 
first  I  answere,  that  as  the  late  experience  of  that  skilfull 
The  happy  late  pilote  and  Captaine  M.  John  Davis  to  the  Northwest 
discoverk  to      ^toward    which    his    discovery    your    selfe    have    thrise 

rr>  !,  -^  ^    contributed  with  the  forwardest)  hath  shewed  a  great  part 
of  Captaine  .  .  1  1     r         "^  1  1  Y  • 

Davis.  to  be  mame  sea,  where  berore  was  thought  to  be  mame 

land,   so   for  my  part  I  am  fully  perswaded  by  Ortelius 

late  reformation  of  Culvacan  and  the  gulfe  of  California, 

that    the   land  on  the  backe  part  of  Virginia  extendeth 

nothing  so  far  westward   as  is  put  downe  in  the  Maps 

of  those  parts.     Moreover  it  is  not  to  be  denied,  but  that 

one  hundred  men  will  do  more  now  among  the  naked 

and  unarmed  people  in  Virginia,  then  one  thousand  were 

able  then  to  do  in  Ireland  against  that  armed  and  warlike 

nation  in  those  daies.     I  say  further,  that  these  two  yeres 

last  experience   hath   plainly  shewed,  that  we  may  spare 

444 


THE   DESCRIPTION   OF   FLORIDA  a.d. 

1587. 

1 0000.  able  men  without  any  misse.     And  these  are  as 
many  as  the  kingdome  of  Portugal  had  ever  in  all  their 
garrisons  of  the  A9ores,   Madera,   Arguin,   Cape   verde, 
Guinea,  Brasill,  Mozambique,  Melinde,  Zocotora,  Ormus, 
Diu,   Goa,  Malaca,  the  Malucos,   and  Macao   upon    the 
coast    of  China.     Yea  this   I   say  by  the   confession    of 
singuler  expert  men  of  their  own  nation  (whose  names  I 
suppresse  for  certain  causes)  which  have  bene  personally 
in  the  East  Indies,  &  have  assured  me  that  their  kings  The  kings  of 
had   never  above   ten   thousand  natural  borne  Portugals  P<>^'^"-g^^  had 
(their  slaves  excepted)  out  of  their  kingdome  remaining  fgn  thousand  of 
in  all  the  aforesaid  territories.     Which  also  this  present  their  naturall 
yeere  I  saw  confirmed  in  a  secrete  extract  of  the  particular  subjects  in  all 
estate  of  that  kingdome  and  of  every  governement  and  ^^^^^  ^^^  '^''?~ 
office  subject  to  the  same,  with  the  several  pensions  there-  J^^^ 
unto  belonging.     Seeing  therefore  we  are  so  farre  from 
want  of  people,  that  retyring  daily  home  out  of  the  Lowe 
Countreys  they  go  idle  up  and  downe  in  swarms  for  lack 
of  honest  intertainment,  I  see  no  fitter  place  to  employ 
some  part  of  the  better  sort  of  them  trained  up  thus  long 
in    service,   then   in   the   inward   partes   of  the   firme   of 
Virginia  against   such  stubborn e   Savages  as  shal   refuse 
obedience  to  her  Majestie.     And  doubtlesse  many  of  our 
men  will  bee  glad  and  faine  to  accept  this  condition,  when 
as  by  the  reading  of  this  present  treatie  they  shal  under- 
stand the  fertilitie  and  riches  of  the  regions  confining  so 
neere  upon  yours,  the  great  commodities  and  goodnesse 
wherof  you  have  bin  contented  to  suffer  to  come  to  light. 
In   the  meane  season  I  humbly  commend  my  selfe  and 
this  my  translation  unto  you,  and  your  selfe,  and  all  those 
which  under  you  have  taken  this  enterprise  in  hand  to  the 
grace  and  good  blessing  of  the  Almighty,  which  is  able  to 
build  farther,  and  to  finish  the  good  worke  which  in  these 
our  dayes   he  hath   begun  by  your  most  Christian  and 
charitable    endevour.      From    London    the    i.    of    May 
1587. 
Your  L.  humble  at  commandement.     R.  Hakluyt. 

[The  Preface 
445 


A.D. 
1587. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


The  Preface  of  M.   Rene  Laudonniere. 


Here  are  two  things,  which  according  to 
mine  opinion  have  bene  the  principall 
causes,  in  consideration  whereof  aswell 
they  of  ancient  times,  as  those  of  our 
age  have  bene  induced  to  travell  into 
farre  and  remote  regions.  The  first  hath 
beene  the  naturall  desire  which  wee  have 
to  search  out  the  commodities  to  live  happily,  plenti- 
fully, and  at  ease :  be  it  whither  one  abandon  his 
naturall  Countrey  altogether  to  dwell  in  a  better,  or 
bee  it  that  men  make  voyages  thither,  there  to  search 
out  and  bring  from  thence  such  things  as  are  there 
to  be  found,  and  are  in  greatest  estimation  and  in 
most  request  in  our  Countreys.  The  second  cause 
hath  bene  the  multitude  of  people  too  fruitefuU  in 
generation,  which  being  no  longer  able  to  dwell  in 
their  native  soyles,  have  entred  upon  their  neighbours 
limites,  and  oftentimes  passing  further  have  pearced 
even  unto  the  uttermost  regions.  After  this  sort  the 
[III.  304.]  North  climate,  a  fruitfull  father  of  so  many  nations 
hath  oftentimes  sent  foorth  this  way  and  that  way  his 
valiant  people,  and  by  this  meane  hath  peopled  infinite 
Countreys :  so  that  most  of  the  nations  of  Europe 
drawe  their  originall  from  these  parts.  Contrariwise  the 
more  Southerne  regions,  because  they  bee  too  barren 
by  reason  of  their  insupportable  heate  which  raigneth 
in  them,  neede  not  any  such  sending  forth  of  their 
inhabitants,  and  have  bene  oftentimes  constrained  to 
receive  other  people  more  often  by  force  of  armes  then 
willingly.  All  Afrike,  Spaine,  and  Italie  can  also 
testifie  the  same,  which  never  so  abounded  with  people 
that  they  had  neede  to  send  them  abroad  to  inhabite 
elsewhere  :  as  on  the  contrary  Scythia,  Norway,  Gotland, 
and  France  have  done.  The  posterity  of  which  nations 
remaineth  yet  not  only  in  Italy,  Spaine  &  Afrike,  but 
also    in    fruitful    and    faire    Asia.     Neverthelesse    I    find 

446 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 

that  the  Romans  proceeding  further,  or  rather  adding 
unto  these  two  chiefe  causes  aforesaid,  (as  being  most 
curious  to  plant  not  onely  their  ensignes  and  victories, 
but  also  their  lawes,  customes,  &  religion  in  those  pro- 
vinces which  they  had  conquered  by  force  of  armes) 
have  oftentimes  by  the  decree  of  their  soveraigne  Senate  Planting  of 
sent  forth  inhabitants,  which  they  called  Colonies  (think-  ^°^°^^^^' 
ing  by  this  way  to  make  their  name  immortall)  even  to 
the  unfurnishing  of  their  own  Countrey  of  the  forces 
which  should  have  preserved  the  same  in  her  perfection : 
a  thing  which  hindred  them  much  more,  then  advanced 
them  to  the  possession  of  the  universal  monarchy,  where- 
unto  their  intention  did  aspire.  For  it  came  to  passe  that 
their  Colonies  here  and  there  being  miserably  sacked  by 
strange  people  did  utterly  ruin  and  overthrow  their  Em- 
pire. The  brinks  of  the  river  of  Rhene  are  yet  red,  those 
of  Danubius  are  no  lesse  bloody,  and  our  France  became 
fat  with  their  blood  which  they  lost.  These  are  the 
effects  and  rewards  of  al  such  as  being  pricked  forward 
with  this  Romane  and  tyrannical  ambition  will  goe  about 
thus  to  subdue  strange  people :  effects,  I  say,  contrary 
to  the  profit  which  those  shall  receive,  which  onely  are 
affectioned  to  the  common  benefite,  that  is  to  say,  to 
the  generall  policie  of  all  men,  and  endevour  to  unite 
them  one  with  another  as  well  by  trafficke  and  civill 
conversations,  as  also  by  military  vertues,  and  force  of  When  force  of 
armes,  when  as  the  Savages  will  not  yeeld  unto  their  ^'''^^"^ "  ^^  ^ 
endevours  so  much  tending  unto  their  profit. 

For  this  cause  princes  have  sent  forth  out  of  their 
Dominions  certaine  men  of  good  activity  to  plant  them- 
selves in  strange  Countreys,  their  to  make  their  profite 
to  bring  the  Countrey  to  civilitie,  and  if  it  might  be, 
to  reduce  the  inhabitants  to  the  true  knowledge  of  our 
God :  an  end  so  much  more  commendable,  as  it  is  farre 
from  all  tyrannicall  and  cruell  governement  :  and  so  they 
have  alwayes  thrived  in  their  enterprises,  and  by  little 
and  little  gained  the  heartes  of  them  which  they  have 
conquered  or  wonne  unto  them  by  any  meanes.     Hereof 

447 


A.D, 
1587. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


conquests  of 
Count7-eys 
nezvly  dis- 
covered. 
Nota. 


wee  may  gather  that  sometimes  it  is  good,  yea  very 
expedient  to  send  forth  men  to  discover  the  pleasure 
Ttvo conditions  and  commoditie  of  strange  Countreys :  But  so,  that  the 
required  in  Countrey  out  of  which  these  companies  are  to  passe 
remaine  not  weakned,  nor  deprived  of  her  forces :  And 
againe  in  such  sort  that  the  company  sent  forth  be  of 
so  just  &  sufficient  number,  that  it  may  not  be  defeited 
by  strangers,  which  every  foote  endevour  nothing  else 
but  to  surprise  the  same  upon  the  sudden.  As  within 
these  few  daies  past  the  French  have  proved  to  my 
great  griefe,  being  able  by  no  means  possible  to  with- 
stand the  same,  considering  that  the  elements,  men,  and 
all  the  favours  which  might  be  hoped  for  of  a  faithful! 
and  Christian  alliance  fought  against  us :  which  thing  I 
purpose  to  discover  in  this  present  historie  with  so 
evident  trueth,  that  the  Kings  Majesty  my  soveraigne 
prince  shall  in  part  be  satisfied  of  the  diligence  which 
I  have  used  in  his  service,  and  mine  adversaries  shall 
find  themselves  so  discovered  in  their  false  reports, 
that  they  shall  have  no  place  of  refuge.  But  before  I 
begin,  I  will  briefly  set  downe  the  situation  and  descrip- 
tion of  the  land  whereunto  we  have  sailed  and  where 
we  have  inhabited  from  the  yeere  1561.  unto  sixty 
five,  to  the  ende  that  those  things  may  the  more  easily 
be  borne  away,  which  I  meane  to  describe  in  this  dis- 
course. 

The  description   of  the   West   Indies  in  general!, 
but  chiefly  and  particularly  of  Florida. 

Hat  part  of  the  earth  which  at  this  day 
we  call  the  fourth  part  of  the  world,  or 
America,  or  rather  the  West  India,  was 
unknowen  unto  our  ancestours  by  reason 
of  the  great  distance  thereof.  In  like 
maner  all  the  Westerne  Islands  and 
fortunate  Isles  were  not  discovered  but 
by  those  of  our  age.  Howbeit  there  have  bin  some 
which     have     said     that    they    were    discoverd    in    the 

448 


America  un- 
knowen to  all 
antiquity. 


A   NATIVE    OF    FLORIDA 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 

time    of  Augustus    Caesar,    and    that   Virgil   hath    made 

mention    thereof  in    the    sixt    booke    of   his    ^neidos, 

when    he    saith,    There    is   a   land    beyond    the    starres, 

and   the  course  of  the  yeere  and  of  the   Sunne,  where 

Atlas    the   Porter    of  heaven  sustaineth   the    pole    upon  [III.  305.] 

his    shoulders:    neverthelesse    it   is   easie    to  judge    that 

hee    meaneth     not    to    speake    of    this    land,    whereof 

no    man    is    found    to    have    written    before    his    time, 

neither  yet  above  a  thousand  yeeres  after.     Christopher  Christopher 

Colon  did  first  light  upon  this  land  in  the  yeere  1592.  f^°^^  °^  ^°~ 

And    five    yeeres    after    Americus    went    thither    by   the  AmerkusVes- 

commandement  of  the   king   of  Castile,  and  gave  unto  puciusofwhom 

it    his    own    name,   whereupon    afterward    it    was    called  America  tooke 

America.     This    man   was  very  well  seene  in   the   Arte  ^^  n^^^- 

of   Navigation    and    in    Astronomie :    whereby   hee    dis-  ^-aU  part  of 

covered   in    his    time    many    lands    unknowen   unto    the  America. 

ancient    Geographers.       This    Countrey    is     named    by  Cabotainthe 

some,    the   land    ot   Bresill,    and    the    lande    of  Parots.  -^f^VJ^^"^ .  , 

It   stretcheth   it   selfe,  according  unto   Postell,  from   the  ^^  ^^-^^  ^^.^^^ 

one  Pole  to  the  other,  saving  at  the  streight  of  Magelan,  for  the  crowne 

whereunto  it  reacheth  ^'^.  degrees  beyond  the  Equator,  of  England. 

I   will  divide  it  for  the  better  understanding  into  three 

principall  parts.     That  which  is  toward  the  Pole  Arcticke 

on  the  North  is  called  new  France,  because  that  in  the 

yeere   1524.  John  Verrazzano  a  Florentine  was  sent  by 

King   Francis  the  first,  and  by   Madam   the   Regent  his 

mother  unto  these  newe  Regions,  where  he  went  on  land, 

and  discovered  all  the  coast  which  is  from  the  Tropicke 

of  Cancer,  to   wit,  from  the   eight   and    twentieth   unto 

the    fiftieth   degree,  and    father    unto    the   North.     Hee 

planted  in  this  Countrey  the  Ensignes  and  Armes  of  the 

king  of  France :  so  that  the  Spaniardes  themselves  which 

were  there  afterwarde,  have  named  this  Countrey  Terra 

Francesca.     The  same  then  extendeth  itselfe  in  Latitude 

from   the   25.  degree  unto   the   54.  toward   the   North : 

and  in  Longitude  from  210.  unto  330.     The  Easterne 

part   thereof  is  called    by   the  late  writers  The  land  of 

Norumbega,    which    beginneth    at    the    Bay    of   Gama, 

VIII  449  2  F 


A.D. 

1587. 


The  second 
general!  part 
of  America. 


The  third 
generall  part 
of  America. 


Villegaignon. 


Floiida  with 
an  ample  de- 
scription 
thereof. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

which  separateth  it  from  the  Isle  of  Canada,  whither 
Jaques  Carthier  sayled  the  yeere  1535.  About  the 
which  there  are  many  Hands,  among  which  is  that 
which  is  named  Terra  de  Labrador  stretching  towarde 
Groenland.  In  the  Westerne  part  there  are  many 
knowen  Countreys,  as  the  Regions  of  Quivira,  Civola, 
Astatlan,  and  Terlichichimici.  The  Southerne  part  is 
called  Florida,  because  it  was  discovered  on  Palme-sun- 
day,  which  the  Spaniardes  call  Pascha  Florida.  The 
Northerne  part  is  altogether  unknowen. 

The  second  part  of  all  America  is  called  newe  Spaine. 
It  extendeth  from  the  Tropicke  of  Cancer  in  twentie 
three  degrees  and  a  halfe,  unto  the  ninth  degree.  In 
the  same  is  situated  the  Citie  of  Themistitan,  and  it  hath 
many  Regions,  and  many  Ilandes  adjoyned  unto  it,  which 
are  called  the  Antilles,  whereof  the  most  famous  and  re- 
noumed  are  Hispaniola  and  Isabella,  with  an  infinite 
number  of  others.  All  this  land,  together  with  the  Bay 
of  Mexico,  and  all  the  Hands  aforesayd,  have  not  in 
Longitude  past  seventie  degrees,  to  wit,  from  the  two 
hundreth  and  fortie,  unto  three  hundreth  and  ten :  it  is 
also  long  and  narrowe  as  Italie.  The  third  part  of 
America  is  called  Peru,  it  is  very  great,  and  extendeth  it 
selfe  in  Latitude  from  the  tenth  degree  unto  the  three 
and  fiftieth  beyond  the  Equator,  to  wit,  as  I  have  sayde 
before,  unto  the  streight  of  Magelan.  It  is  made  in 
fashion  like  to  an  ^gg^^  and  is  very  well  knowen  upon 
all  sides.  The  part  where  it  is  largest  hath  threescore 
degrees,  and  from  thence  it  waxeth  narrower  and  narrower 
toward  both  the  endes.  In  one  part  of  this  lande  Ville- 
gagnon  planted  right  under  the  Tropicke  of  Capricorne, 
and  he  called  it  France  Antarctick,  because  it  draweth 
toward  the  pole  Antarctick,  as  our  France  doeth  toward 
the  Arctick. 

New  France  is  almost  as  great  as  all  our  Europe. 
Howbeit  the  most  knowen  and  inhabited  part  thereof 
is  Florida,  whither  many  Frenchmen  have  made  divers 
voyages  at  sundry  times,   insomuch  that  nowe  it  is  the 

45° 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587- 
best  knowen  Countrey  which  is  in  all  this  part  of  newe 
France.  The  Cape  thereof  is  as  it  were  a  long  head  of 
lande  stretching  out  into  the  Sea  an  hundred  leagues, 
and  runneth  directly  towarde  the  South :  it  hath  right 
over  against  it  five  and  twentie  leagues  distant  the  Isle 
of  Cuba  otherwise  called  Isabella,  toward  the  East  the 
Isles  of  Bahama  and  Lucaya,  and  toward  the  West  the 
Bay  of  Mexico.  The  Countrey  is  flat,  and  divided  with 
divers  rivers,  and  therefore  moyst,  and  is  sandie  towards 
the  Sea  shore.  There  groweth  in  those  partes  great 
quantitie  of  Pinetrees,  which  have  no  kernels  in  the  The  trees  of 
apples  which  they  beare.  Their  woods  are  full  of  Oakes,  ^i''^^''^^^' 
Walnuttrees,  blacke  Cherrietrees,  Mulberry  trees,  Len- 
tiskes,  and  Chestnut  trees,  which  are  more  wilde  then 
those  in  France.  There  is  great  store  of  Cedars,  Cypres- 
ses, Bayes,  Palme  trees.  Hollies,  and  wilde  Vines,  which 
climbe  up  along  the  trees  and  beare  good  Grapes.  There 
is  there  a  kinde  of  Medlers,  the  fruite  whereof  is  better  These  are  per- 

then  that  of  France,  and  bigger.     There  are  also  Plum-  haps  those 

_cio         _  ,  which  the 

trees,   which   beare  very  faire  fruite,  but  such   as  is  not  lavages  call 
very  good.     There  are  Raspasses,  and  a  little  berrie  which  Tunas. 
we  call  among   us  Blues,  which  are  very  good  to  eate. 
There  growe  in  that  Countrey  a  kinde  of  Rootes  which 
they  call  in  their  language  Hasez,  whereof  in  necessitie 
they  make   bread.     There   is   also   there   the   tree   called 
Esquine,  which  is  very  good  against  the  Pockes  and  other 
contagious   diseases.     The   Beastes  best  knowen   in  this  The  beasts  of 
Countrey  are  Stagges,  Hindes,  Goates,  Deere,  Leopards,  P^°^^^^- 
Ounces,  Luserns,  divers  sortes  of  Wolves,  wilde  Dogs,  [III.  306.] 
Hares,  Cunnies,  and  a  certaine  kinde  of  beast  that  difi^er- 
eth   little    from    the    Lyon    of  Africa.      The   foules   are  Thefouk  oj 
Turkeycocks,    Partridges,    Parrots,    Pigions,    Ringdoves,  ^"'^■^*^- 
Turtles,  Blackbirdes,  Crowes,  Tarcels,  Faulcons,  Laynerds, 
Herons,    Cranes,    Storkes,   wilde    Geese,    Malards,    Cor- 
morants,  Hernshawes,  white,  red,  blacke  and  gray,  and 
an  infinite  sort  of  all  wilde  foule.     There  is  such  abun- 
dance of  Crocodiles,  that   oftentimes  in   swimming  men   Crocodiles. 
are  assayled  by  them ;  of  Serpents  there  are  many  sorts. 

451 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

There  is  found  among  the  Savages  good  quantitie  of 
Gold  and  Silver,  which  is  gotten  out  of  the  shippes 
that  are  lost  upon  the  coast,  as  I  have  understood  by 
the  Savages  themselves.  They  use  traffique  thereof  one 
with  another.  And  that  which  maketh  me  the  rather 
beleeve  it,  is,  that  on  the  coast  towarde  the  Cape,  where 
commonly  the  shippes  are  cast  away,  there  is  more  store 
Gold  and  of  Silver  then  toward  the  North.  Neverthelesse  they  say, 
^f^'-  that  in  the  Mountaines  of  Appalatcy  there  are  Mines  of 

taines  of         Copper,  which   I  thinke  to  be  Golde.     There  is  also  in 
Appalatcy.       this  Countrey  great  store  of  graynes  and  herbes,  whereof 
S>tore  of  dyes     might  be  made  excellent  good  dyes  and  paintings  of  all 
and  colours.      kind  of  colours.     And  in  trueth  the  Indians  which  take 
pleasure  in  painting  of  their  skins,  know  very  well  how 
The  disposition  to  use  the  same.     The  men  are  of  an  Olive  colour,  of 
andmaners  of  gj-g^^  stature,  faire,  without  any  deformitie,  and  well  pro- 
portioned.    They   cover   their   privities   v/ith    the  skinne 
of  a  Stagge  well  dressed.     The  most  part  of  them  have 
their  bodies,  armes,  and  thighes  painted  with  very  faire 
devises :  the  painting  whereof  can  never  bee  taken  away. 
The  wearing    becase  the  same  is  pricked  into  their  flesh.     Their  haire 
of  theij  hatre.  -g  ^q^j  blacke   and  reacheth  even  downe   to   their  hips, 
howbeit  they  trusse  it  up  after  a  fashion  that  becommeth 
them   very   well.     They  are  great  dissemblers  and   trai- 
tours,  valiant  of  their  persons  &  fight  very  well.     They 
have  none  other  weapons  but  their  bowes  and  arrowes. 
They  make  the  string  of  their  bow  of  a  gut  of  a  Stag,  or 
of  a  Stags  skin,  which  they  know  how  to  dresse  as  well  as 
any  man  in  France,  and  with  as  different  sorts  of  colours. 
They  head  their    arrowes   with  the   teeth   of  fishes    and 
stone,    which    they    worke    very    finely    and    handsomly. 
Their  exercise  They  exercise  their  yong  men  to  runne  well,  and  they 
and  pastime,     jji^ke  a  game  among  themselves,  which  he  winneth  that 
zames       ^      ^^^^  ^^^  longest  breath.     They  also  exercise  themselves 
Shooting.  much  in  shooting.     They  play  at  the  ball  in  this  maner  : 

Playingat  the   they  Set  up  a  tree  in  the  middest  of  a  place  which  is  eight 
Ball.  Qj.  j^jj^g  fathom   high,  in   the  top  whereof  there  is  set  a 

square^  mat  made  of  reedes  or   Bulrushes,  which  whoso- 

452 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 
ever  hitteth  in  playing  thereat,  winneth  the  game.     They 
take  great  pleasure  in  hunting  and  fishing.     The  kings  of  Hunting. 
the  Countrey  make   great  warre  one  against  the   other,  rlf^^^'r 
which  is  not  executed  but  by  surprise,  and  they  kill  all  pfwarre. 
the  men  they  can  take :  afterward  they  cut  of  their  heads 
to    have  their   haire,  which  returning    home    they  carry 
away,  to  make  thereof  their  triumph  when  they  come  to 
their  houses.     They  save  the  women  and  children  and 
nourish  them  and  keepe  them  alwayes  with  them.    Being 
returned  home   from   the  warre,  they  assemble  all  their  Their  tri- 
subjects,  and  for  joy  three  days  and   three   nights  they  ^^/''^f-^  ^fif^' 
make    good   cheare,   they   daunce  &   sing,   likewise  they 
make  the  most  ancient  women  of  the  Countrey  to  dance, 
holding  the  haires  of  their  enemies  in  their  hands :  and 
in    dauncing   they   sing   praises   to   the    Sunne,   ascribing  The^  worship 
unto   him   the  honour  of  the  victory.      They  have  no  ^^  Sunne  and 
knowledge  of  God,  nor  of  any  religion,  saving  of  that 
which   they  see,  as   the   Sunne   and   the  Moone.     They 
have    their    Priests    to    whom    they    give    great    credit,  "^^^^^^  Priests 
because  they  are  great  magicians,  great  soothsayers,  and  ^'f.  °      f' 
callers  upon  divels.     These  Priests  serve  them  in  stead  p^ysitions. 
of    Physitions    and    Chirurgions.       They    carry   alwayes 
about  them  a  bag  full  of  herbes  and  drugs  to  cure  the 
sicke  diseased  which  for   the  most  part  are  sick  of  the 
pocks,    for    they   love    women    &    maidens    exceedingly, 
which  they  call  the  daughters  of  the  Sunne :  and  some 
of  them   are    Sodomites.      They   marry,   and    every  one  Their  marri- 
hath  his  wife,  and  it  is  lawfuU  for  the  King  to  have  two  ^^^^' 
or  three :  yet  none  but  the  first  is  honoured  and  acknow- 
ledged  for   Queene :  and  none  but   the  children   of  the 
first  wife  inherite  the  goods  and  authoritie  of  the  father. 
The  women  doe  all  the  businesse  at  home.     They  keepe  The  paineful- 
not  house  with  them  after  they  know  they  be  with  child.  ^^^^^  °-f^^^^ 
And  they  eate  not  of  that  which  they  touch  as  long  as 
they  have  their  flowers.     There  are  in  all  this  Countrey  ManyHerma- 
many  Hermaphrodites,  which  take  all  the  greatest  paine,  ^  j°-  !^l^ 
and  beare  the  victuals  when  they  goe   to  warre.     They  ^^^  „^^^^^  ^r 
paint    their   faces   much,  and    sticke   their    haire    full    of  both  sexes. 

453 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

feathers  or  downe,   that  they  may  seeme  more  terrible. 

Their  foode      The  victuals  which  they  carry  with  them,  are  of  bread,  of 

and  provision    j^Qj-^y    ^nd   of  meale   made  of  Maiz  parched  in  the  fire, 

•'  '        which  they  keepe  without    being   marred   a  long  while. 

Their  dressing  They  carry  also  sometimes  fish,  which  they  cause  to  be 

their fiesh  and  (jj-essed  in  the  smoke.     In  necessitie  they  eat  a  thousand 

smoke  rifraffes,   even   to  the   swallowing  downe   of  coales,  and 

putting  sand  into  the  pottage  that  they  make  with  this 

Their  order  in  meale.     When  they  goe  to  warre,  their  King  marcheth 

marching  to      ^x^t^  with  a  clubbe  in  the  one  hand,  and  his  bowe  in  the 

other,   with   his  quiver   full    of  arrowes.      All    his    men 

follow  him,  which  have  likewise  their  bowes  and  arrowes. 

While  they  fight,  they  make  great  cries  and  exclamations. 

Their  consul-    They  take  no  enterprise  in  hand,  but  first  they  assemble 

tations.  oftentimes  their  Councell  together,  and  they  take  very 

good  advisement  before  they  growe  to  a  resolution.    They 

meete  together  every  morning  in  a  great  common  house, 

whither    their    King    repaireth,    and    setteth    him   downe 

upon  a  seate  which  is  higher  then  the  seates  of  the  other : 

where  all  of  them  one  after  another  come  and  salute  him  : 

Their  saluting  and  the  most  ancient  begin  their   salutations,  lifting  up 

of  their  kings,    both  their  handes  twise  as  high  as  their  face,  saying,  ha, 

he,  ya,  and  the  rest  answer  ha,  ha.     Assoone  as  they  have 

done  their  salutation,  every  man  sitteth  him  downe  upon 

the  seates  which  are  round  about  in  the  house.     If  there 

be  any  thing  to  intreate  of,  the  King  calleth  the  Jawas, 

that  is  to  say,  their  Priestes,  and  the  most  ancient  men,  and 

asketh  them  their  advise.      Afterward  he  commaundeth 

Cassine  to   be   brewed,   which  is  a   drinke  made   of  the 

The  drinking    leaves  of  a  certaine  tree :  They  drinke  this  Cassine  very 

of  Cassine        hotte :   he   drinketh   first,   then   he   causeth   to   be   given 

tobattell         thereof  to   all   of  them  one    after  another   in   the  same 

boule,    which    holdeth    well   a    quart    measure    of  Paris. 

The  honor  ex-  They  make  so  great  account  of  this  drinke,  that  no  man 

hihitedunto      j^^^  taste  thereof  in  this  assembly,  unlesse  hee  hath  made 

above'other       P'*oofe  of  his  valure  in  the  warre.     Moreover  this  drinke 

The  excellen-    hath  such  a  vertue,  that  assoone  as  they  have  drunke  it, 

cie  of  Cassine.  they  become  all  in  a  sweate,  which  sweate  being  past,  it 

454 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 

taketh  away  hunger  and  thirst  for  foure  and  twenty  houres 
after.       When    a     King    dyeth,    they    burie    him    very  Their  maner 
solemnly,    and    upon     his    grave    they    set    the     cuppe  °f^^}^^^^^^ 
wherein   he    was    woont    to    drinke :    and    round    about  -^ 
the   sayde  grave  they   sticke  many    arrowes,  and  weepe 
and  fast  three  dayes  together  without  ceassing.     All  the 
kings  which  were  his  friends  make  the  like  mourning : 
and   in  token  of  the    love   which  they    bare    him,  they  Their  cutting 
cut   of  more  then  the  one  halfe    of  their   haire,  as  well  of'f^o^'^tf^en 
men  as  women.     During  the  space  of  sixe  Moones  (so  ^^^y^ 
they  reckon    their    moneths)  there    are    certaine    women 
appoynted     which     bewaile     the   death    of     this     King, 
crying  with  a    loude  voyce  thrise  a  day,  to  wit,  in   the 
Morning,  at  Noone,  and    at    Evening.     All    the    goods 
of  this   King    are    put    into    his     house,  and    afterward 
they  set  it  on  fire,  so  that  nothing   is    ever    more  after 
to    be  scene.      The  like  is    done   with  the  goods  of  the 
Priestes,  and  besides  they  burie  the  bodies  of  the  Priests  The  buriall  of 
in  their  houses,  and  then  they  set  them  on  fire.     They  ^^^'^^_  Priests. 
sowe  their  Maiz  twise   a  yere,  to  wit,  in    March  and  in    °j^^^J^"l 
June,  and  all  in    one    and   the  same  soyle.       The  sayd 
Maiz   from  the  time    that   it    is   sowed    untill    the   time 
that  it  be  ready  to   be   gathered,  is    but    three    moneths 
on   the   ground.      The    other    6.  moneths   they  let   the 
earth    rest.      They    have    also   faire    Pumpions,  &  very  Faire  pumpi- 
good    Beanes.      They    never    dung     their    land,    onely  °^^- 
when  they  would    sowe,    they    set    the    weedes    on  fire,  G°'^^b  ^^^^^s, 
which   grewe  up  the    6.  moneths,  and  burne    them    all. 
They   dig    their    ground    with   an  instrument   of  wood  Instruments 
which  is    fashioned    like    a    broad    mattocke,    wherewith  "^herewtth 
they  digge  their  Vines  in   France,  they  put  two  graines  ^^\^j 
of    Maiz    together.      When    the  land    is    to    be    sowed, 
the    King    commaundeth   one    of  his  men    to    assemble 
his  subjects  every  day   to   labour,  during    which    labour 
the  King  causeth  store  of  that  drinke  to    be    made  for 
them,  whereof  we    have    spoken.      At    the    time    when  The  bringing 
the     Maiz     is     gathered,     it    _  is  _  all    carried     into    a  \l  J fommn 
common    house,  where  it    is    distributed   to    every    man  house. 

455 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

Their  provi-     according  to    his    qualitie.      They    sowe    no    more    but 

sion  ofcorne     ^^^t    which    they    thinke    will    serve    their    turnes     for 

>;     monet  s    ^j^^  moneths,    &   that   very   scarcely.      For   during    the 

Their  maner     Winter  they  retire  themselves  for  three  or  foure  moneths 

of  living  in       in    the    yeere    into    the   woods,  where   they  make  little 

the  Winter,      cotages  of  Palme  boughes    for    their    retraite,  and    live 

there   of  Maste,  of  Fish  which    they  take,   of    Oisters, 

of  Stagges,    of  Turkeycockes,  and    other    beasts    which 

The dressingof  they  take.      They  eate   all  their    meate   broyled  on   the 

their  meate  in  coales,    and     dressed    in    the    smoake,    which     in    their 

e  smoa  e.       language   they  call  Boucaned.      They  eate  willingly  the 

flesh    of  the    Crocodile :    and   in    deede    it    is    faire  and 

white :  and  were  it  not  that  it  savoureth  too  much  like 

Their  maner     Muske  we  would  oftentimes  have  eaten  thereof.     They 

of  curing  dis-    h^ve    a    custome   among  them,    that    when     they    finde 

themselves    sicke,  where    they   feele    the    paine,  whereas 

we  cause   ourselves    to    be   let    blood,    their    Physitions 

sucke  them  untill  they  make  the  blood  follow. 

Their  womens       The    women   are    likewise    of    good     proportion    and 

dispositions^       tall,    and    of    the    same    colour    that    the    men    be     of, 

painted  as  the  men  be  :  Howbeit  when  they  are  borne, 

they  be  not  so  much  of  an  Olive  colour,  and  are  farre 

Oik  in  whiter.     For  the  chiefe   cause   that  maketh  them    to    be 

Florida.  q£-  ^^^  colour  proceedes  of    annointings    of  oyle  which 

they  use  among  them :    and  they    doe  it    for   a  certaine 

ceremonie    which    I    could   not    learne,  and    because    of 

the    Sunne   which  shineth  hote  upon  their  bodies.     The 

Women  great    agilitie    of    the    women    is    so    great,     that    they    can 

swimmers.        swimme  over  the    great    Rivers    bearing    their     children 

upon    one  of  their    armes.     They    climbe  up  also  very 

nimbly  upon  the  highest  trees  in  the  Countrey. 

Beholde  in  briefe  the  description  of  the  Countrey, 
with  the  nature  and  customes  of  the  Inhabitants : 
which  I  was  very  willing  to  write,  before  I  entred 
any  further  into  the  discourse  of  my  historie,  to  the 
end  that  the  Readers  might  be  the  better  prepared  to 
understand  that,  which  I  meane  hereafter  to  entreate 
of. 

456 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 

MY  Lord  Admirall  of  Chastillon,  a  noble  man  more  [III.  308.] 
desirous  of  the  publique  then  of  his  private  bene- 
fite,  understanding  the  pleasure  of  the  King  his  prince, 
which    was    to    discover    new    and     strange   Countreys, 
caused    vessels    fit    for  this  purpose   to    be  made  ready 
with  all  diligence,    and    men    to    bee   levied    meete    for 
such   an  enterprise :  Among  whom   hee    chose  Captaine 
John  Ribault,  a   man  in   trueth  expert    in    sea    causes : 
which  having    received    his  charge,  set    himselfe   to    Sea 
the    yeere    1562.    the    eighteenth    of  Februarie,    accom-  The  first  voy 
panied  onely  with    two    of    the    kings   shippes,   but    so  ^f^f^^^|„-j^ 
well   furnished   with     Gentlemen,  (of    whose    number    I   j.g^. 
my   selfe  was  one)  and    with    olde    Souldiers,     that    he 
had  meanes  to  atchieve  some  notable  thing  and  worthy 
of     eternall     memorie.     Having    therefore    sayled    two 
moneths,     never     holding     the     usuall     course    of   the  The  course  of 

Spaniards,  hee  arrived  in  Florida,  landing  neere  a  Cape  ^he  Spaniards 
L  -^  _  _         _  /  o  1      f2gf  (ilto2etiier 

or  Promontorie,  which  is  no  high  lande,  because  the  necessary. 
coast  is  all  flatte,  but  onely  rising  by  reason  of  the 
high  woods,  which  at  his  arrivall  he  called  Cape  Fran-  CapeFranzois 
9ois  in  honour  of  our  France.  This  Cape  is  distant  ^^Z'^- degrees. 
from  the  Equator  about  thirtie  degrees.  Coasting  from 
this  place  towards  the  North,  he  discovered  a  very  faire 
and  great  River,  which  gave  him  occasion  to  cast 
anker  that  hee  might  search  the  same  the  next  day 
very  early  in  the  morning :  which  being  done  by  the 
breake  of  day,  accompanied  with  Captaine  Fiquinville 
and  divers  other  souldiers  of  his  shippe,  he  was  no 
sooner  arrived  on  the  brinke  of  the  shoare,  but  straight 
hee  perceived  many  Indians  men  and  women,  which 
came  of  purpose  to  that  place  to  receive  the  French- 
men with  all  gentlenesse  and  amitie,  as  they  well 
declared  by  the  Oration  which  their  king  made, 
and  the  presents  of  Chamois  skinnes  wherewith  he 
honoured  our  Captaine,  which  the  day  following 
caused  a  pillar  of  hard  stone  to  be  planted  within  the  Apillarsetup. 
sayde  River,  and  not  farre  from  the  mouth  of  the 
same  upon  a  little   sandie  knappe,    in    which   pillar    the 

457 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

Armes    of   France    were    carved    and    engraved.      This 
being  done  hee  embarked   himselfe   againe,  to  the  ende 
alwayes   to   discover  the   coast  toward  the    North  which 
was    his  chiefe  desire.     After    he   had    sayled    a  certaine 
time  he   crossed  over  to  the    other    side    of  the    river, 
and  then  in  the  presence  of   certaine  Indians,  which  of 
purpose    did    attend    him,    hee    commaunded    his     men 
Pra'^er  and      to   make    their    prayers,  to    give    thankes   to   GOD,  for 
tkankestoGod.  ^|^^^  q£  j^-g  gj-^ce  hee  had  conducted  the  French  nation 
unto    these    strange     places    without    any  danger  at  all. 
The  prayers  being  ended,  the  Indians  which  were  very 
attentive  to  hearken  unto  them,  thinking  in  my  judge- 
ment,   that    wee    worshipped    the    Sunne,    because    wee 
alwayes  had  our  eyes   lifted   up  toward  heaven,  rose  all 
up    and    came     to    salute    the    Captaine    John    Ribault, 
promising   to   shew  him   their  King,  which  rose  not  up 
as    they    did,    but    remained    still    sitting    upon    greene 
leaves    of    Bayes    and    Palmetrees :     toward    whom     the 
Captaine  went  and  sate  downe   by  him,  and  heard    him 
make  a   long    discourse,    but    with    no     great    pleasure, 
because    hee    could    not    understand    his    language,    and 
Presents  given  much  lesse  his  meaning.     The  King  gave  our  Captaine 
to  Ribault.       ^^    j^jg    departure    a    plume     or    fanne    of    Hernshawes 
feathers   died  in  red,    and    a    basket   made    of    Palme- 
boughes    after    the    Indian    fashion,    and    wrought   very 
artificially,    and    a    great    skinne     painted    and     drawen 
throughout  with  the    pictures  of  divers  wilde  beasts  so 
lively  drawen  and    portrayed,    that    nothing    lacked    but 
life.     The  Captaine  to  shew    himselfe    not  unthankfull, 
gave    him    pretie    tinne     bracelets,    a    cutting    hooke,     a 
looking    glasse,    and     certaine    knives :    whereupon   the 
King   shewed   himselfe    to   be  very  glad   and    fully  con- 
tented.     Having     spent     the     most     part    of    the    day 
with  these  Indians,  the  Captaine    imbarked   himselfe    to 
passe    over    to    the    north    side    of  the    River,    whereat 
the  king  seemed  to  bee  very  sorie.     Neverthelesse  being 
not    able    to    stay    us,   hee    commaunded    that   with    all 
diligence  they  should  take  fish  for  us  :    which  they  did 

458 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 
with  all  speede.      For  being  entred    into    their   Weares  Their  fish- 
ox  inclosures  made  of  reedes  and  framed  in  the  fashion  ^[g^l^lfYij., 
of  a  Labirynth  or  Mase,  they  loaded  us  with  Troutes,  p.^-^^-^_ 
great  Mullets,  Plaise,  Turbuts,  and  marveilous  store  of 
other  sortes  of  fishes  altogether  different  from  ours. 

This    done,    we    entred    into   our    Boates    and    went  They  passe 

toward  the   other  shore.      But    before   we  came    to   the  over  the  nver. 
shore,  we  were  saluted  with  a  number  of  other  Indians, 
which  entring  into  the  water  to  their  armepits,  brought 

us   many  litle  baskets   full  of   Maiz,  and    goodly  Mul-  Goodly  mul- 

berries  both  red  and  white  :  Others   offered    themselves  '^^™  ^'^^^^ 

,  ,  1  1     •  1       J    J  ^^d.  red. 

to  beare  us  on  shoare,  where  bemg  landea  we  per- 
ceived their  King  sitting  upon  a  place  dressed  with 
boughes,  and  under  a  little  Arbour  of  Cedars  and  Bay 
trees  somewhat  distant  from  the  waters  side.  He  was 
accompanied  with  two  of  his  sonnes  which  were 
exceeding  faire  and  strong,  and  with  a  troope  of 
Indians  who  had  all  their  bowes  and  arrowes  in  mar- 
veilous good  order.  His  two  sonnes  received  our 
Captaine  very  graciously  :  but  the  king  their  father, 
representing  I  wot  not  what  kinde  of  gravitie,  did 
nothing  but  shake  his  head  a  little  :  then  the  Captaine 
went  forward  to  salute  him,  and  without  any  other 
moving  of  himselfe  he  reteined  so  constant  a  kind  of 
gravitie,  that  hee  made  it  seeme  unto  us  that  by  good 
and  lawfull  right  hee  bare  the  title  of  a  King.  Our 
Captaine  knowing  not  what  to  judge  of  this  mans 
behaviour,  though  he  was  jelous  because  wee  went  first 
unto  the  other  king,  or  else  that  he  was  not  well 
pleased  with  the  Pillar  or  Columne  which  he  had 
planted.  While  thus  he  knew  not  what  hereof  to  [III.  309.] 
thinke,  our  Captaine  shewed  him  by  signes,  that  he  was 
come  from  a  farre  Countrey  to  seeke  him,  to  let  him 
understand  the  amitie  which  he  was  desirous  to  have 
with  him :  for  the  better  confirmation  whereof,  hee 
drewe  out  of  a  budget  certaine  trifles,  as  certaine 
bracelets  covered  as  it  were  with  silver  and  guilt,  which 
hee  presented  him  withall,  and  gave  his  sonnes  certaine 

459 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

other    trifles.      Whereupon     the    King     beganne     very 

lovingly  to  intreate  both  our  Captaine  and  us.     And  after 

these  gentle  intertainments,  wee  went  our  selves  into  the 

woods,    hoping    there    to    discover    some    singularities : 

where  were  great  store  of  Mulberrie  trees  white  and  red, 

Great  store  of  on  the  toppes  whereof  there  was  an  infinite  number  of 

silkezvormes.      silkewormes.     Following  our  way  wee  discovered  a  faire 

and  great  medowe,  divided  notwithstanding  with  divers 

Marishes,  which  constrained  us  by  reason  of  the  water, 

which    environed    it    about,    to    returne    backe    againe 

towarde  the   Rivers  side.     Finding  not  the  King  there, 

which  by  this  time  was  gone  home  to  his  house,   wee 

entred  into  our  Boates  and  sayled  towarde  our  shippes  : 

The  river  of    where  after  we  arrived,  we  called  this  River  The  River  of 

-^'  May,  because  we  discovered  it  the  first  day  of  the  sayde 

moneth, 

Soone  after  we  returned  to  our  shippes,  wee  weighed 

our  ankers  and  hoysed  our  sailes  to  discover  the  coast 

farther  forward,  along  the  which  wee  discovered  another 

faire  River,  which  the  Captaine  himselfe  was  minded  to 

search  out,  and  having  searched  it  out  with  the  king  and 

The  river  of     inhabitants   thereof,   hee  named    it    Seine,    because    it    is 

Seine.  very    like  unto    the  River    of   Seine   in    France.     From 

this  River  wee  retired  toward  our  shippes,  where  being 

arrived,   we   trimmed   our  sailes   to  saile  further  toward 

the    North,    and    to    descry    the     singularities     of    the 

coast.     But  wee  had   not    sayled   any   great  way    before 

wee  discovered  another  very  faire  River,  which  caused  us 

to    cast  anker    over  against   it,  and  to  trimme    out  two 

Boates  to  goe  to  search  it  out.     Wee  found  there  an  He 

The  River  of  and  a  king  no  lesse  affable  then  the  rest,  afterwarde  we 

rf^J-       f   ^^"^^^    ^^^^    River    Somme.      From    thence    wee    sayled 

Loire  ^^^'        about  sixe  leagues,  after   wee  discovered  another  River, 

The  Rivers  of  which    after   wee  had  viewed   was  named   by   us  by  the 

Cherente,         name  of  Loyre.     And  consequently  we  there  discovered 

Garonne,         £^g   Others :  whereof  the  first  was  named  Cherente,  the 

Bel'le  ^'  second  Garonne,  the  third  Gironde,  the  fourth  Belle,  the 

Grande.  fift  Grande :  which  being  very  well  discovered  with  such 

460 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 
things  as  were  in  them,  by  this  time  in  lesse  then  the 
space  of  threescore  leagues  wee  had  found  out  many 
singularities  along  nine  Rivers.  Neverthelesse  not  fully 
satisfied  wee  sayled  yet  further  towarde  the  North, 
following  the  course  that  might  bring  us  to  the  River  of 
Jordan  one  of  the  fairest  Rivers  of  the  North,  and 
holding  our  wonted  course,  great  fogges  and  tempests 
came  upon  us,  which  constrained  us  to  leave  the  coast  to 
beare  toward  the  maine  Sea,  which  was  the  cause  that  we 
lost  the  sight  of  our  Pinnesses  a  whole  day  and  a  night 
untill  the  next  day  in  the  morning,  what  time  the 
weather  waxing  faire  and  the  Sea  calme,  wee  discovered 
a  River  which  wee  called  Bellei  a  veoir.  After  wee  had  The  river 
sayled  three  or   foure  leagues,   wee   began   to   espie  our  '^  veoir. 

Pinnesses  which  came  straight  toward  us,  and  at  their 
arrivall  they  reported  to  the  Captaine,  that  while  the 
foule  weather  and  fogges  endured,  they  harboured 
themselves  in  a  mightie  River  which  in  bignesse  and 
beautie  exceeded  the  former :  wherewithall  the  Captaine 
was  exceeding  joyfuU,  for  his  chiefe  desire  was  to  finde  out 
an  Haven  to  harbour  his  shippes,  and  there  to  refresh 
our  selves  for  a  while.  Thus  making  thitherward  wee 
arrived  athwart  the  sayde  River,  (which  because  of  the 
fairenesse  and  largenesse  thereof  wee  named  Port  Royall)  ^■^^  ^^""^^  "f 
wee  strooke  our  sailes  and  cast  anker  at  ten  fathom  of  P°^'^ ^°y^^^  ^^ 
water  :  for  the  depth  is  such,  namely  when  the  Sea  latitude. 
beginneth  to  flowe,  that  the  greatest  shippes  of  France, 
yea,  the  Arguzes  of  Venice  may  enter  in  there.  Having 
cast  anker,  the  Captaine  with  his  Souldiers  went  on 
shoare,  and  hee  himselfe  went  first  on  land  :  where  we 
found  the  place  as  pleasaunt  as  was  possible,  for  it  was 
all  covered  over  with  mightie  high  Oakes  and  infinite 
store  of  Cedars,  and  with  Lentiskes  growing  underneath 
them,  smelling  so  sweetly,  that  the  very  fragrant  odor 
only  made  the  place  to  seeme  exceeding  pleasant.  As 
we  passed  thorow  these  woods  we  saw  nothing  but 
Turkeycocks  flying  in  the  Forrests,  Partridges  gray  and  p^art?ids,es' 
red,  little   different  from   ours,  but    chiefly  in    bignesse.  gray  and  red. 

461 


A.D.  THE  ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

Wee  heard  also  within  the  woods  the  voyces  of  Stagges, 

of  Beares,   of  Lusernes,   of   Leopards,    &    divers   other 

sortes   of  Beastes  unknowen  unto  us.     Being   delighted 

with  this  place,  we  set  our  selves  to  fishing  with  nets,  & 

Fish  in  abun-    we  caught  such  a  number  of  fish,  that  it  was  wonderfuU. 

dance,  p^^^   amongst  other  wee  tooke  a  certaine    kind    of  fish 

which    we    call    Sallicoques,    which    were    no    lesse   then 

Crevises,  so  that  two  draughts  of  the  net  were  sufficient 

to  feede  all  the  companie  of  our  two  ships  for  a  whole 

The  River  3.  day.     The  River   at   the  mouth  thereof  from    Cape    to 

leagues  at  the    Q^pe   is   no   lesse   then   3.   French  leagues    broad;    it   is 

divided  into  two  great  armes,  whereof  the  one  runneth 

toward  the  West,  the  other  towards  the  North  :  And  I 

beleeve  in  my  judgement  that  the  arme  which  stretcheth 

towarde   the   North    runneth    up    into    the    Countrey  as 

A  passage  by    farre  as  the  River  Jordan,  the  other  arme  runneth  into 

a  river  into      ^j^^  g^^^  ^^  ^^  ^^^  knowen  and  understoode  by  those  of 

[III.  310 1      ^^^  company,  which   were   left  behind   to   dwell   in  this 

place.     These   two  armes  are  two   great   leagues  broad  : 

and   in   the  middest   of  them  there   is   an  He,  which   is 

poynted   towardes   the    opening    of   the   great   River,  in 

which  Hand   there  are  infinite  numbers   of  all  sortes   of 

Store  of  rare     strange   beasts.     There  are  Simples  growing  there  of  so 

simples.  ^^^^  properties,  and  in  so   great   quantitie,  that   it  is  an 

excellent  thing  to  behold  them.     On  every  side  there  is 

nothing  to  be  seene  but  Palmetrees,  and  other  sorts  of 

trees  bearing  blossoms  and  fruite  of  very  rare  shape  and 

very  good   smell.     But  seeing  the  evening  approch,  and 

that  the  Captaine  determined  to  returne  unto  the  shippes, 

wee  prayed  him  to  suffer  us  to  passe  the  night  in  this 

place.     In    our   absence   the  Pilots   and   chiefe   Mariners 

advertised   the   Captaine   that    it    was   needefull   to  bring 

the  shippes  further  up  within  the  River,  to  avoyde  the 

dangers  of  the  windes  which  might  annoy  us,  by  reason 

of  our  being  so  neere  to  the  mouth  of  the  River  :  and 

for  this  cause  the  Captaine  sent  for  us.     Being  come  to 

our  shippes,  wee  sayled  three  leagues  further  up  within 

the    River,    and    there    we    cast    anker.     A    little    while 

462 


I 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 
after,  John  Ribault  accompanied  with  a  good  number  Rlbault saileth 
of  souldiers  imbarked  himselfe,  desirous  to  sayle  further  ^1;'  ^f^^^^  ^P 
up  into  the  arme  that  runneth  toward  the  West,  and  to 
search  the  commodities  of  the  place.  Having  sayled 
twelve  leagues  at  the  least,  we  perceived  a  troope  of 
Indians,  which  assoone  as  ever  they  espied  the  Pinnesses, 
were  so  afrayd  that  they  fled  into  the  woods  leaving 
behind  them  a  yong  Lucerne  which  they  were  a  turning 
upon  a  spit  :  for  which  cause  the  place  was  called  Cape  Cape  Lucerne. 
Lucerne  :  proceeding  foorth  on  our  way,  we  found 
another  arme  of  the  River,  which  ranne  toward  the  East, 
up  which  the  Captaine  determined  to  sayle  and  to  leave 
the  great  current.  A  little  while  after  they  began  to 
espie  divers  other  Indians  both  men  and  women  halfe 
hidden  within  the  woods  :  who  knowing  not  that  wee 
were  such  as  desired  their  friendship,  were  dismayed  at  the 
first,  but  soone  after  were  emboldened,  for  the  Captaine 
caused  store  of  marchandise  to  bee  shewed  them  openly 
whereby  they  knew  that  we  meant  nothing  but  well  unto 
them  :  and  then  they  made  a  signe  that  we  should  come 
on  lande,  which  wee  would  not  refuse.  At  our  comming 
on  shoare  divers  of  them  came  to  salute  our  Generall 
according  to  their  barbarous  fashion.  Some  of  them 
gave  him  skins  of  Chamois,  others  little  baskets  made  of  Chamois. 
Palme  leaves,  some  presented  him  with  Pearles,  but  no  Pearles. 
great  number.  Afterwards  they  went  about  to  make  an 
arbour  to  defend  us  in  that  place  from  the  parching  heate 
of  the  Sunne.  But  wee  would  not  stay  as  then.  Where- 
fore the  Captaine  thanked  them  much  for  their  good 
will,  and  gave  presents  to  each  of  them  :  wherewith  hee 
pleased  them  so  well  before  hee  went  thence,  that  his 
suddaine  departure  was  nothing  pleasant  unto  them. 
For  knowing  him  to  bee  so  liberall,  they  would  have 
wished  him  to  have  stayed  a  little  longer,  seeking  by  all 
meanes  to  give  him  occasion  to  stay,  shewing  him  by 
signes  that  he  should  stay  but  that  day  onely,  and  that 
they  desired  to  advertise  a  great  Indian  Lorde  which  had  store  of  pearles 
Pearles   in   great  abundance,  and    Silver    also,  all  which  and  silver. 

463 


A.D. 
1587. 


A  Pillar  of 
free  stone 
wherein  the 
Armes  of 
France  were 
graven,  set  up 
in  an  Hand  in 
the  river  of 
Fort  Royal 

The  river  of 
Liborne. 


The  lie  of 
Cedars. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

things  should  bee  given  unto  him  at  the  Kings  arrivall  : 
saying  further  that  in  the  meane  time  while  that  this 
great  Lord  came  thither,  they  would  lead  him  to  their 
houses,  and  shewe  him  there  a  thousand  pleasures  in 
shooting,  and  seeing  the  Stagge  killed,  therefore  they 
prayed  him  not  to  denie  them  their  request.  Notwith- 
standing wee  returned  to  our  shippes,  where  after  wee 
had  bene  but  one  night,  the  Captaine  in  the  morning 
commanded  to  put  into  the  Pinnesse  a  pillar  of  hard 
stone  fashioned  like  a  columne,  wherein  the  Armes  of 
the  king  of  France  were  graven,  to  plant  the  same  in 
the  fairest  place  that  he  could  finde.  This  done,  wee 
imbarked  our  selves,  and  sayled  three  leagues  towards 
the  West  :  where  we  discovered  a  little  river,  up  which 
we  sayled  so  long,  that  in  the  ende  we  found  it  returned 
into  the  great  current,  and  in  his  returne  to  make  a  litle 
Hand  separated  from  the  firme  land,  where  wee  went  on 
shore  :  and  by  commandement  of  the  Captaine,  because 
it  was  exceeding  faire  and  pleasant,  there  wee  planted  the 
Pillar  upon  a  hillock  open  round  about  to  the  view,  and 
invironed  with  a  lake  halfe  a  fathom  deepe  of  very  good 
and  sweete  water.  In  which  Hand  wee  sawe  two  Stagges 
of  exceeding  bignesse,  in  respect  of  those  which  we  had 
scene  before,  which  we  might  easily  have  killed  with  our 
harguebuzes,  if  the  Captaine  had  not  forbidden  us, 
mooved  with  the  singular  fairenesse  and  bignesse  of  them. 
But  before  our  departure  we  named  the  little  river  which 
environed  this  He,  The  River  of  Liborne.  Afterward 
we  imbarked  our  selves  to  search  another  He  not  farre 
distant  from  the  former :  wherein  after  wee  had  gone  a 
land,  wee  found  nothing  but  tall  Cedars,  the  fairest  that 
were  scene  in  this  Countrey.  For  this  cause  wee  called 
it  The  He  of  Cedars :  so  wee  returned  into  our  Pinnesse 
to  go  towards  our  shippes. 

A  few  dayes  afterward  John  Ribault  determined  to 
returne  once  againe  toward  the  Hidians  which  inhabited 
that  arme  of  the  River  which  runneth  toward  the  West, 
and   to  Carrie   with   him  good   store   of  souldiers.       For 

464 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 
his  meaning  was  to  take  two  Indians  of  this  place  to 
bring  them  into  France,  as  the  Queene  had  commaunded 
him.  With  this  deliberation  againe  wee  tooke  our  former 
course  so  farre  foorth,  that  at  the  last  wee  came  to  the 
selfe  same  place  where  at  the  first  we  found  the  Indians, 
from  thence  we  tooke  two  Indians  by  the  permission  of 
the  king,  which  thinking  that  they  were  more  favoured  [III.  311.] 
then  the  rest,  thought  themselves  very  happy  to  stay 
with  us.  But  these  two  Indians  seeing  we  m.ade  no  Two  Indians 
shew  at  all  that  we  would  goe  on  land,  but  rather  that  ^^^^"  '^""^■^• 
wee  followed  the  middest  of  the  current,  began  to  be 
somewhat  offended,  and  would  by  force  have  lept  into  the 
water,  for  they  are  so  good  swimmers  that  immediatly 
they  would  have  gotten  into  the  forrestes.  Neverthelesse 
being  acquainted  with  their  humour,  wee  watched  them 
narrowly  and  sought  by  all  meanes  to  appease  them : 
which  we  could  not  by  any  meanes  do  for  that  time, 
though  we  offered  them  things  which  they  much 
esteemed,  which  things  they  disdained  to  take,  and  gave 
backe  againe  whatsoever  was  given  them,  thinking  that 
such  giftes  should  have  altogether  bound  them,  and  that 
in  restoring  them  they  should  be  restored  unto  their 
libertie.  In  fine,  perceiving  that  all  that  they  did 
avayled  them  nothing,  they  prayed  us  to  give  them  those 
things  which  they  had  restored,  which  we  did  incontinent : 
then  they  approched  one  toward  the  other  and  began  to  sing,  The  dokfull 
ag-reeinof  so  sweetely  together,  that  in  hearing  their  song  ^°^^f.  ^ 
it  seemed  that  they  lamented  the  absence  of  their  friendes. 
They  continued  their  songs  all  night  without  ceasing :  all 
which  time  we  were  constrained  to  ly  at  anker  by  reason 
of  the  tyde  that  was  against  us,  but  we  hoysed  sayle  the 
next  day  very  earely  in  the  morning,  and  returned  to  our 
ships.  Assoone  as  we  were  come  to  our  ships,  every  one 
sought  to  gratifie  these  2  Indians,  &  to  shew  them  the 
best  countenance  that  was  possible :  to  the  intent  that  by 
such  courtesies  they  might  perceive  the  good  desire  and 
affection  which  we  had  to  remaine  their  friends  in  time  to 
come.     Then  we  offered  them  meate  to  eate,  but  they 

VIII  465  2G 


A.D. 

1587. 
The  Indians 
eat  not  before 
the  sun  be  set. 


Laudonniers 
putting  down 
in  writing  the 
words  and 
■phrases  of  the 
Indians 
speech. 


The  feast  of 
Toya. 


This  seemeth 
to  be  La  grand 
Copal. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

refused  it,  and  made  us  understand  that  they  were  accus- 
tomed to  wash  their  face  and  to  stay  untill  the  Sunne  were 
set  before  they  did  eate,  which  is  a  ceremonie  common 
to  all  the  Indians  of  Newe  France.  Neverthelesse  in  the 
end  they  were  constrained  to  forget  their  superstitions,  and 
to  apply  themselves  to  our  nature,  which  was  somewhat 
strange  unto  them  at  the  first.  They  became  therfore 
more  jocunde,  every  houre  made  us  a  1000  discourses, 
being  merveilous  sory  that  we  could  not  understand  them. 
A  few  daies  after  they  began  to  beare  so  good  wil  towards 
mee,  that,  as  I  thinke,  they  would  rather  have  perished 
with  hunger  &  thirst,  then  have  taken  their  refection  at 
any  mans  hand  but  mine.  Seeing  this  their  good  wil,  I 
sought  to  learne  some  Indian  words,  &  began  to  aske 
them  questions,  shewing  them  the  thing  wherof  I  desired 
to  know  the  name,  how  they  called  it.  They  were  very 
glad  to  tell  it  me,  and  knowing  the  desire  that  I  had 
to  learne  their  language,  they  encouraged  me  afterward 
to  aske  them  every  thing.  So  that  putting  downe  in 
writing  the  words  and  phrases  of  the  Indian  speech,  I  was 
able  to  understand  the  greatest  part  of  their  discourses. 
Every  day  they  did  nothing  but  speak  unto  me  of  the 
desire  that  they  had  to  use  me  wel,  if  we  returned  unto 
their  houses,  and  cause  me  to  receive  all  the  pleasures  that 
they  could  devise,  aswell  in  hunting  as  in  seeing  their 
very  strange  and  superstitious  ceremonies  at  a  certaine 
feast  which  they  call  Toya.  Which  feast  they  observe  as 
straightly  as  we  observe  the  Sunday.  They  gave  me  to 
understand,  that  they  would  bring  me  to  see  the  greatest 
Lord  of  this  countrey  which  they  called  Chiquola,  which 
exceedeth  them  in  height  (as  they  tolde  me)  a  good  foote 
and  a  halfe.  They  said  unto  me  that  he  dwelt  within 
the  land  in  a  very  large  place  and  inclosed  exceeding  high, 
but  I  could  not  learne  wherewith.  And  as  farre  as  I  can 
judge,  this  place  whereof  they  spake  unto  me,  was  a  very 
faire  citie.  For  they  said  unto  me  that  within  the  in- 
closure  there  was  great  store  of  houses  which  were  built 
very  high,  wherein  there  was  an  infinite  number  of  men  like 

466 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 

unto  themselves,  which  made  none  account  of  gold,  of 
silver,  nor  of  pearles,  seeing  they  had  thereof  in  abun- 
dance. I  began  then  to  shew  them  al  the  parts  of  heaven, 
to  the  intent  to  learne  in  which  quarter  they  dwelt.  And 
straightway  one  of  them  stretching  out  his  hand  shewed 
me  y*  they  dwelt  toward  the  North,  which  makes  me 
thinke  that  it  was  the  river  of  Jordan.  And  now  I 
remember,  that  in  the  raigne  of  the  Emperour  Charles 
the  fift,  certaine  Spaniards  inhabitants  of  S.  Domingo 
(which  made  a  voyage  to  get  certaine  slaves  to  work  in 
their  mines)  stole  away  by  subtilty  the  inhabitants  of  this 
river,  to  the  number  of  40,  thinking  to  cary  them  into 
their  new  Spaine.  But  they  lost  their  labour :  for  in 
despite  they  died  al  for  hunger,  saving  one  that  was 
brought  to  the  Emperor,  which  a  litle  while  after  he  caused 
to  be  baptised,  and  gave  him  his  own  name  &  called  him 
Charles  of  Chiquola,  because  he  spake  so  much  of  this 
Lorde  of  Chiquola  whose  subject  hee  was.  Also,  he 
reported  continually,  that  Chiquola  made  his  abode  within 
a  very  great  inclosed  citie.  Besides  this  proof,  those 
which  were  left  in  the  first  voyage  have  certified  me, 
that  the  Indians  shewed  them  by  evident  signes,  that 
farther  within  the  land  toward  the  North,  there  was  a 
great  inclosure  or  city,  where  Chiquola  dwelt.  After 
they  had  staied  a  while  in  our  ships,  they  began  to  be 
sory,  and  stil  demanded  of  me  when  they  should  re- 
turne.  I  made  them  understand  that  the  Captaines  will 
was  to  send  them  home  againe,  but  that  first  he  would 
bestow  apparell  of  them,  which  fewe  dayes  after  was 
delivered  unto  them.  But  seeing  he  would  not  give 
them  licence  to  depart,  they  resolved  with  themselves  to  [III.  312.] 
steale  away  by  night,  and  to  get  a  litle  boat  which  we 
had,  and  by  the  help  of  the  tyde  to  saile  home  toward 
their  dwellings,  and  by  this  meanes  to  save  themselves. 
Which  thing  they  failed  not  to  doe,  and  put  their  enter-  The  2  Indians 
prize  in  execution,  yet  leaving  behinde  them  the  apparel  ^^'^'^t>^  ^'^^y- 
which  the  Captaine  had  given  them,  and  carrying  away 
nothing   but   that   which   was  their   owne,    shewing  well 

467 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

hereby  that  they  were  not  void  of  reason.  The  Captaine 
cared  not  greatly  for  their  departure,  considering  they 
had  not  bene  used  otherwise  then  well :  and  that  there- 
fore they  woulde  not  estrange  themselves  from  the 
The  benefite  Frenchmen.  Captaine  Ribault  therefore  knowing  the 
of  planting.  singular  fairenes  of  this  river,  desired  by  all  meanes  to 
encourage  some  of  his  men  to  dwell  there,  well  foreseeing 
that  this  thing  might  be  of  great  importance  for  the 
Kings  service,  and  the  reliefe  of  the  Common  wealth  of 
France.  Therfore  proceeding  on  with  his  intent,  he 
commanded  the  ankers  to  bee  weighed  and  to  set  things 
in  order  to  returne  unto  the  opening  of  the  river,  to  the 
ende  that  if  the  winde  came  faire  he  might  passe  out  to 
accomplish  the  rest  of  his  meaning.  When  therefore  we 
were  come  to  the  mouth  of  the  river,  he  made  them  cast 
anker,  whereupon  we  stayed  without  discovering  any 
thing  all  the  rest  of  the  day.  The  next  day  he  com- 
manded that  all  the  men  of  his  ship  should  come  up 
upon  the  decke,  saying  that  he  had  somewhat  to  say  unto 
them.  They  all  came  up,  and  immediatly  the  Captaine 
began  to  speake  unto  them  in  this  maner. 
TheOrationof      \  thinke  there  is  none  of  you  that  is  ignorant  of  how 

John  Ribault  to  grreat   consequence   this  our   enterprize  is,  and  also  how 
hts  companie.     o  .  ,      .^    .  V-  '-fi         r 

acceptable  it    is    unto  our   yong    King.       Ihererore   my 

friendes  (as  one  desiring  your  honour  and  benefite)  I 
would  not  faile  to  advertise  you  all  of  the  exceeding 
good  happe  which  should  fall  to  them,  which,  as  men  of 
valure  and  worthy  courage,  would  make  tryall  in  this  our 
first  discoverie  of  the  benefits  and  commodities  of  this 
new  land :  which  should  be,  as  I  assure  my  selfe,  the 
greatest  occasion  that  ever  could  happen  unto  them,  to 
arise  unto  the  title  and  degree  of  honour.  And  for  this 
cause  I  was  desirous  to  propose  unto  you  and  set  downe 
before  your  eyes  the  eternall  memorie  which  of  right  they 
deserve,  which  forgetting  both  their  parents  and  their 
countrey  have  had  the  courage  to  enterprize  a  thing  of 
such  importance,  which  even  kings  themselves  under- 
standing   to    be    men    aspiring    to    so    high    degree    of 

468 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 

magnanimitie  and   increase    of  their     majesties,  doe  not 

disdaine    so    wel    to    regard,    that    afterwards    imploying 

them    in    maters    of    weight    &     of    high    enterprize, 

they  make   their   names   immortall   for   ever.     Howbeit, 

I  would  not  have  you   perswade  your   selves,  as   many 

doe,   that  you   shall   never   have   such   good   fortune,   as 

not  being   knowen   neither  to   the  king  nor  the  Princes 

of  the    Realme,   and   besides   descending   of  so   poore   a 

stocke,  that  few  or   none   of  your   parents,  having   ever 

made  profession  of  armes,  have  bene  knowen   unto  the 

great  estates.     For  albeit  that  from  my  tender  yeeres  I 

my  selfe  have  applyed  all  my  industry  to  follow  them, 

and  have  hazarded  my  life  in  so  many  dangers  for  the 

service  of  my  prince,  yet  could  I   never  attaine  therunto 

(not  that   I    did   not    deserve    this    title    and    degree    of 

government)  as  I  have  seene  it  happen  to  many  others, 

onely  because  they  descende  of  a  noble  race,  since  more 

regard  is  had  of  their  birth  then  of  their  virtue.     For 

wel   I   know   that   if  vertue   were   regarded,   ther    would 

more  be  found  worthy  to  deserve  the  title,  &  by  good 

right  to  be  named  noble  and  valiant.     I   will  therefore 

make  sufficient  answere   to   such   propositions   and   such 

things  as  you  may  object  against  me,  laying  before  you 

the   infinite    examples  which    we   have   of  the   Romans  ; 

which    concerning    the    point    of  honour   were   the   first 

that  triumphed   over   the  world.     For  how   many  finde 

we  among  them,  which  for  their  so  valiant  enterprizes, 

not  for  the  greatnesse  of  their  parentage,  have  obtained 

the    honour   to    tryumph  ?    If    we    have    recourse    unto 

their  ancesters,  wee   shall   finde   that   their   parents  were 

of  so    meane   condition,    that   by    labouring    with    their 

hands  they  lived  very  basely.     As   the  father  of  ^lius  ^ImPertl- 

Pertinax,    which   was    a    poore    artisan,   his    Grandfather  ^^■^f'^^^^»'^- 
VI-  11^  1        1  •         •  1  1       in?from  base 

likewise    was    a    bond    man,   as    the   historiographers   do  parentage 

witnes  :  and  neverthelesse,  being   moved  with   a  valiant  became  Em- 

courage,    he    was    nothing    dismayed    for    all    this,    but  perour  of 

rather    desirous    to    aspire    unto    high   things,   he   began  ^°^^- 

with   a  brave   stomacke   to   learne   feates    of  armes,   and 

469 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

profited  so  wel  therein,  that   from   step   to   step   he   be- 
came at  length  to   be   Emperour   of  the   Romans.     For 
all  this  dignitie  he  despised   not   his   parents  :   but   con-    I 
trariwise,    &    in    remembrance    of  them,    he    caused    his 
fathers    shop    to    be     covered     with    a     fine     wrought 
marble,    to    serve    for    an    example    to    men    descended 
of    base    &    poore    linages,    to    give    them    occasion    to 
aspire    unto    high    things    notwithstanding     the    mean- 
nesse    of    their    ancesters.     I     wil     not    passe    over    in 
silence    the    excellencie    &    prowesse   of  the   valiant   and 
Agathocles  a     renowned  Agathocles  the  sonne  of  a  simple  potter,  and 
potters  sonne       ^^  forgetting;  the  contemptible   estate   of  his   father,  he 
Ski/ie  SO  applied  himselfe  to  vertue  in  his  tender  yeeres,  that 

by  the  favour  of  armes  he  came  to  be  king  of  Sicilie  : 
and  for  all  this  title  he  refused  not  to   be   counted   the 
sonne    of    a    Potter.     But    the    more    to    eternize    the 
memorie  of  his    parentes    and    to    make    his    name    re- 
nowned, he  commanded   that    he    should    be    served    at 
the  Table  in  vessels  of  gold   and    silver   and   others   of 
earth  :    declaring  thereby  that   the   dignitie   wherein   hee 
[III.  3 1 3. J      was  placed  came  not  unto   him   by  his   parents,  but   by 
his  owne  vertue  onely.     If  I    shal   speake   of  our   time, 
RustenBassha  I  will  lay  before  you  onely  Rusten   Bassha,  which   may 
of  an  heard-     j^g  ^    sufficient    example   to    al   men  :    which    though   he 
^throuzhh'isva-  ^^"^^  ^^  sonne  of  a  poore  heard-man,  did  so  apply  his 
lurebecamethe  youth     in    all    vertue,    that     being    brought    up    in    the 
great  Turkes    service   of    the    great    Turke,    he    seemed    to    aspire    to 
sonne  in  law.    gj-g^t  and   high  matters,    in    such    sort    that   growing   in 
yeres   he    increased    also    in    courage,  so    far    forth,   that 
in  fine  for  his  excellent  vertues  he  married  the  daughter 
of   the    great    Turke    his    Prince.     Howe     much     then 
ought  so  many  worthy  examples  to  move  you  to  plant 
here  }    Considering    also    that    hereby   you   shalbe   regis- 
tred    for  ever    as    the   first    that    inhabited    this    strange 
countrey.     I  pray  you  therfore  all  to  advise  your  selves 
thereof,   and    to   declare   your   mindes   freely   unto   mee, 
protesting    that   I    will   so    well   imprint   your   names   in 
the    kings    eares,   and    the   other   princes,  that   your   re- 

470 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ajd. 

1587. 

nowme  shall  hereafter  shine  unquenchable  through  our 
Realme  of  France.  He  had  scarcely  ended  his  Oration, 
but  the  greatest  part  of  our  souldiers  replyed  :  that  a  ^-^^  souUlers^ 
greater  pleasure  could  never  betide  them,  perceiving  ^J^^/q^J^^-^^" 
well  the  acceptable  service  which  by  this  meanes  they 
shoulde  doe  unto  their  Prince  :  besides  that  this  thing 
should  be  for  the  increase  of  their  honours  :  therfore 
they  besought  the  Captaine,  before  he  departed  out  of 
the  place,  to  begin  to  build  them  a  Fort,  which  they 
hoped  afterward  to  finish,  and  to  leave  them  munition 
necessarie  for  their  defence,  shewing  as  it  seemed  that 
they  were  displeased,  that  it  was  so  long  in  doing. 
Whereupon  John  Ribault  being  as  glad  as  might  be  to 
see  his  men  so  well  willing,  determined  the  next  day 
to  search  the  most  fit  and  convenient  place  to  be  in- 
habited. Wherefore  he  embarked  himselfe  very  earely 
in  the  morning  and  commanded  them  to  followe  him 
that  were  desirous  to  inhabite  there,  to  the  intent  that 
they  might  like  the  beter  of  the  place.  Having  sayled 
up  the  great  river  on  the  North  side,  in  coasting  an 
Isle  which  ended  with  a  sharpe  point  toward  the  mouth 
of  the  river,  having  sailed  a  while,  he  discovered  a 
small  river,  which  entred  into  the  Islande,  which  hee 
would  not  faile  to  search  out.  Which  done,  &  finding 
the  same  deep  inough  to  harbour  therein  Gallies  and 
Galliots  in  good  number,  proceeding  further,  he  found 
a  very  open  place,  joyning  upon  the  brinke  thereof, 
where  he  went  on  land,  and  seeing  the  place  fit  to 
build  a  Fortresse  in,  and  commodious  for  them  that 
were  willing  to  plant  there,  he  resolved  incontinent  to 
cause  the  bignes  of  the  fortification  to  be  measured  out. 
And  considering  that  there  stayed  but  sixe  and  twentie 
there,   he   caused   the    Fort    to   be    made    in   length   but  Thelengthand 

sixteene  fathome,  and  thirteene   in  breadth,  with  flankes    If  l  °{^  ^j 
T  1  •  1  r       T^i  1     •         Fort  taken  by 

accordmg  to  the  proportion  thereor.      Ine  measure  bemg  Laudonnier 

taken    by    me    and    Captaine    Salles,    we    sent    unto    the  and  Captaine 

shippes  for    men,    and    to    bring    shovels,    pickaxes    and  ^^'^'^'^•^• 

other    instruments   necessarie    to    make   the    fortification. 

471 


A.D. 

1587. 
A  Fort  built 
in  Port  Roial 
by  Ribault. 


Ribaults 
speech  to  Cap- 
taine  Albert. 


His  speech  to 
the  souldiers. 


The  aforesaide 
Fort  was  called 
Charles-fort. 


Port  Royall. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

We  travailed  so  diligently,  that  in  a  short  space  the  Fort 
was  made  in  some  sort  defenciable.  In  which  meane 
time  John  Ribault  caused  victuals  and  warrelike  muni- 
tion to  be  brought  for  the  defence  of  the  place.  After 
he  had  furnished  them  with  all  such  things  as  they 
had  neede  of,  he  determined  to  take  his  leave  of  them. 
But  before  his  departure  he  used  this  speech  unto 
Captaine  Albert,   which   he  left   in   this    place. 

Captaine  Albert,  I  have  to  request  you  in  the 
presence  of  al  these  men,  that  you  would  quit  your 
selfe  so  wisely  in  your  charge,  and  governe  so  modestly 
your  small  companie  which  I  leave  you,  which  with  so 
good  cheere  remaineth  under  your  obedience,  that  I 
never  have  occasion  but  to  commend  you,  and  to 
recount  unto  the  king  (as  I  am  desirous)  the  faithful!  ] 
service  which  before  us  all  you  undertake  to  doe  him 
in  his  new  France  :  And  you  companions,  (quoth  he  to 
the  Souldiers)  I  beseech  you  also  to  esteeme  of  Cap- 
taine Albert  as  if  hee  were  my  selfe  that  stayed  here  with 
you,  yeelding  him  that  obedience  which  a  true  souldier 
oweth  unto  his  Generall  and  Captaine,  living  as 
brethren  one  with  another,  without  all  dissention  :  and 
in  so  doing  God  wil  assist  you  and  blesse  your  enter- 
prises. Having  ended  his  exhortation,  we  tooke  our 
leaves  of  each  of  them,  and  sayled  toward  our  shippes, 
calling  the  Forte  by  the  name  of  Charles-fort,  and  the 
River  by  the  name  Chenonceau.  The  next  day  wee 
determined  to  depart  from  this  place  being  as  well 
contented  as  was  possible  that  we  had  so  happily  ended 
our  busines,  with  good  hope,  if  occasion  would  per- 
mitte,  to  discover  perfectly  the  river  of  Jordan.  For 
this  cause  we  hoysed  our  sayles  about  ten  of  the  clocke 
in  the  morning  :  after  wee  were  ready  to  depart  Captain 
Ribault  commanded  to  shoote  off  our  Ordinance  to 
give  a  farewel  unto  our  Frenchmen,  which  failed  not 
to  doe  the  like  on  their  part.  This  being  done  wee 
sailed  toward  the  North  :  and  then  we  named  this  river 
Porte    Royal,    because    of    the    largenes    and    excellent 

472  I 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 

fairenes  of  the   same.     After   that   we   had   sailed   about 

1 5   leagues  from   thence,  we  espied  a  river,  whereupon  The  river 

wee  sent  our  pinnesse  thither  to   discover  it.     At  their   j^^->  ^5 

,  ,    i^       ,  ,      .  1  r         J  leagues  North- 

return  they  brought  us  word  that  they  tound  not  past  ^^^^^  of  Port 

halfe    a    fathom    water    in     the    mouth    therof      Which  Ro^dl 
when  we   understood,  without  doing  any  thing  els,  we 
continued   our  way,  and  called   it   the  Base   or   Shallow 
river.     As    we    stil    went    on    sounding   we    found    not  Shallow  water. 
past  five  or  sixe  fathome  water,  although  we  were   sixe  L^^^*  3H-J 
good  leagues  from  the  shoare  :  at  length  we  found  not 
past  three  fathomes,  which   gave   us  occasion  greatly  to 
muse.     And  without  making  any  farther  way  we  strook 
our    sayles,    partly    because   we  wanted   water,   &   partly 
because  the   night   approched  :    during  which   time   Cap- 
taine  John  Ribault  bethought   with    himselfe   whether  it 
were  best  for  him  to  passe   any  farther,  because   of  the 
eminent  dangers  which  every  houre  we  saw   before  our 
eyes  :  or  whither  he  should   content   himselfe   with  that 
which  he  had  certainely  discovered,  &  also  left  men  to 
inhabite  the  countrey.     Being  not  able  for  that  time  to 
resolve  with  himselfe,  he  referred  it  until  the  next  day. 
The  morning  being  come  he   proposed  to   all   the  com- 
pany what  was  best  to   be   done,   to   the   end   that  with 
good  advisement  every  man  might  deliver  his  opinion. 
Some  made  answere,  that  according  to   their  judgement 
he    had   occasion   fully   to   content   himselfe,   considering 
he  could  doe  no  more  :  laying  before  his  eyes,  that  he 
had  discovered  more  in  sixe  weekes,  then  the  Spaniards 
had   done  in  two  yeres   in    the   conquest  of  their   New 
Spaine :    and    that    he    should    do    the  king  very    great 
service,  if  he  did  bring  him  newes  in  so  short  a  time  of 
his  happy  discoverie.     Other  shewed  unto  him  the  losse 
and  spoile   of  his  victuals,  and  on    the   other    side    the 
inconvenience  that  might   happen   by  the  shallow  water 
that   they    found    continually   along    the    coast.     Which 
things   being  well  and  at  large  debated  we  resolved  to 
leave  the  coast,  forsaking   the  North,  to  take   our  way 
toward  the  East,  which  is  the  right  way  and  course  to  our 

473 


o 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 
Their  arrivall  France,  where  we  happily   arrived  the  twentieth  day  of 
in  France         July    the  vere   IC62. 
1562. //5^  20   -^     •^'  ^  ^ 

of  July.  Tfhe   state    and    condition    of  those    which     were 

left  behind  in  Charles-fort. 

|Ur  men  after  our  departure  never  rested,  but  night 
and  day  did  fortifie  themselves,  being  in  good 
hope  that  after  their  fort  was  finished,  they  would  begin 
to  discover  farther  up  within  the  river.  It  happened 
one  day,  as  certaine  of  them  were  in  cutting  of  rootes  in 
the  groves,  that  they  espied  on  the  sudden  an  Indian  that 
hunted  the  Deere,  which  finding  himselfe  so  neere  upon 
them,  was  much  dismayed,  but  our  men  began  to  draw 
neere  unto  him  and  to  use  him  so  courteously,  that  he 
became  assured  and  followed  them  to  Charles-fort,  where 
every  man  sought  to  doe  him  pleasure.  Captaine  Albert 
was  very  joyfull  of  his  comming,  which  after  he  had 
given  him  a  shirt  and  some  other  trifles,  he  asked  him 
of  his  dwelling  :  the  Indian  answered  him  that  it  was 
farther  up  within  the  river,  and  that  he  was  vassal  of 
KtngAudusta.  king  Audusta :  he  also  shewed  him  with  his  hand  the 
limits  of  his  habitation.  After  much  other  talke  the  Indian 
desired  leave  to  depart,  because  it  drew  toward  night, 
which  Captaine  Albert  granted  him  very  willingly.  Cer- 
'^ote.  taine  dayes  after  the  Captaine  determined  to  saile  toward 

Audusta,  where  being  arrived,  by  reason  of  the  honest 
entertaynment  which  he  had  given  to  the  Indian,  he 
was  so  courteously  received,  that  the  king  talked  with 
him  of  nothing  else  but  of  the  desire  which  he  had  to 
become  his  friend :  giving  him  besides  to  understand 
that  he  being  his  friend  and  allie,  he  should  have  the 
amitie  of  foure  other  kings,  which  in  might  &  authoritie 
were  able  to  do  much  for  his  sake :  Besides  all  this,  in 
his  necessitie  they  might  be  able  to  succour  him  with 
Mayon.  victuals.     One  of  these  kings  was  called  Mayon,  another 

^^y^-  Hoya,  the  third  Touppo,  and  the   fourth  Stalame.     He 

Stalam.  ^°^^  ^^"^  moreover,  that  they  would  be  very  glad,  when 

they  should  understand  the  newes  of  his  comming,  and 

474 


\ 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 
therefore   he  prayed    him    to    vouchsafe  to  visit    them. 
The    Captaine   willingly    consented    unto    him,    for    the 
desire    that    he    had  to   purchase   friends   in   that    place. 
Therefore   they   departed   the   next  morning  very  earely, 
and    first  arrived   at    the   house    of  king   Touppa,    and 
afterward  went  into   the  other  kings  houses,  except  the 
house  of  king  Stalame.     He  received  of  each  of  them  all 
the  amiable  courtesies  that  might  be  :  they  shewed  them- 
selves   to    be    as    affectioned    friends    unto    him    as    was 
possible,  and  offered  unto  him  a  thousand  small  presents. 
After  that  he  had  remained  by  the  space  of  certaine  daies 
with  these  strange  kings,  he  determined  to  take  his  leave : 
and  being  come  backe  to  the  house  of  Audusta,  he  com- 
manded al  his  men  to  goe  aboord  their  Pinnesse :  for  he 
was  minded  to  goe  towardes  the  countrey  of  king  Stalame,   Thecomtrey 
which  dwelt  toward  the  North  the  distance  of  15  great  °f'^j^S 
leagues  from  Charles-fort.     Therefore  as  they  sailed  up  igames  Nortk- 
the    river    they  entred  into  a  great  current,  which  they  ward  of 
followed  so  farre  till  they  came  at  the  last  to  the  house  of  Charles-fort. 
Stalame :  which  brought  him  into  his  lodging,  where  he 
sought  to  make  them  the  best  cheere  he  could   devise. 
He  presented  immediatly  unto  Captaine  Albert  his  bow 
and  arrowes,  which  is  a  signe  and  confirmation  of  alliance 
betweene    them.       He    presented    him    with    Chamoys  Chamoys 
skinnes.     The  Captaine  seeing  the  best  part  of  the  day  ^f^^^^^^- 
was  now  past,  tooke  his  leave  of  king  Stalame  to  return 
to   Charles-fort,    where    hee    arrived    the    day    following. 
By  this  time  the  friendship  was  growne  so  great  betweene 
our  men  and  king  Audusta5  that  in  a  manner  all  things 
were  common  betweene  him  and  them  :  in  such  sort  that 
this  good  Indian  king  did  nothing  of  importance,  but  he 
called    our    men    thereunto.     For    when    the  time   drew  The  feast  of 
neere  of  the  celebrating  their  feasts  of  Toya,  which  are  yya  largely 
ceremonies  most  strange  to  recite,  he  sent  Ambassadours  rjjj       '  -i 
to  our  men  to  request  them  on  his  behalfe  to  be  there 
present.     Whereunto  they  agreed  most  willingly  for  the 
desire  that  they  had  to  understand  what  this  might  be. 
They  imbarked  themselves  therefore  and  sailed  towards 

475 


A.D. 
1587. 


The  Indians 
trimming  of 
themselves 
with  rich 
feathers. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

the  kings  house,  which  was  already  come  forth  on  the 
way  towards  them,  to  receive  them  courteously,  to  bid 
them  welcome  &  bring  them  to  his  house,  where  he 
sought  to  intreat  them  the  best  he  might.  In  the  meane 
while  the  Indians  prepared  themselves  to  celebrate  the 
feast  the  morrow  after,  and  the  king  brought  them  to  see 
the  place,  wherein  the  feast  should  be  kept :  where  they 
saw  many  women  round  about,  which  laboured  by  al 
meanes  to  make  the  place  cleane  &  neat.  This  place  was 
a  great  circuit  of  ground  with  open  prospect  and  round  in 
figure.  On  the  morrow  therefore  early  in  the  morning, 
all  they  which  were  chosen  to  celebrate  the  feast,  being 
painted  and  trimmed  with  rich  feathers  of  divers  colours, 
put  themselves  on  the  way  to  go  from  the  kings  house 
toward  the  place  of  Toya :  whereunto  when  they  were 
come  they  set  themselves  in  order,  &  followed  three 
Indians,  which  in  painting  and  in  gesture  were  differing 
from  the  rest :  each  of  them  bare  a  Tabret  in  their  hand, 
dancing  &  singing  in  a  lamentable  tune,  when  they  began 
to  enter  into  the  middest  of  the  round  circuit,  being 
followed  of  others  which  answered  them  again.  After 
that  they  had  sung,  danced,  and  turned  3  times,  they 
fel  on  running  like  unbridled  horses,  through  the  middest 
of  the  thickest  woods.  And  then  the  Indian  women 
continued  all  the  rest  of  the  day  in  teares  as  sad  &  woful 
as  was  possible :  &  in  such  rage  they  cut  the  armes  of  the 
yong  girles,  which  they  lanced  so  cruelly  with  sharpe  shels 
of  Muskles  that  the  blood  followed  which  they  flang  into 
the  ayre,  crying  out  three  times.  He  Toya.  The  king 
Audusta  had  gathered  all  our  men  into  his  house,  while 
the  feast  was  celebrated,  and  was  exceedingly  offended 
when  he  saw  them  laugh.  This  he  did,  because  the 
Indians  are  very  angry  when  they  are  seene  in  their  cere- 
monies. Notwithstanding  one  of  our  men  made  such 
shift  that  by  subtile  meanes  he  gatte  out  of  the  house  of 
Audusta,  and  secretly  went  and  hid  himselfe  behinde  a 
very  thicke  bush,  where  at  his  pleasure,  he  might  easily 
discry  the  ceremonies  of  the  feast.    They  three  that  began 

476 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 

the  feast  are  named  Jawas  :  and  they  are  as  it  were  three  J^'^as  are 
Priestes  of  the  Indian  law :  to  whom  they  give  credite  and  ^^^"'  P^^^^^^^- 
beliefe  partly  because  that  by  kinred  they  are  ordained 
to  be  over  their  Sacrifices,  and  partly  also  because  they 
be   so    subtile   magicians  that  any   thing  that  is   lost   is  Magicians. 
straightway  recovered  by  their  meanes.     Againe  they  are  Physitions. 
not  onely  reverenced  for  these   things,  but  also  because 
they  heale  diseases  by  I  wotte  not  what  kinde  of  know- 
ledge and  skill  they  have.     Those  that  ran  so   through 
the  woodes  returned  two  dayes  after :  after  their  returne 
they   began   to    dance   with    a    cherefuU   courage   in  the 
middest  of  the  faire  place,  and  to   cheere  up  their  good 
olde  Indian  fathers,  which  either  by  reason  of  their  too 
great  age,    or   by  reason   of   their  naturall    indisposition 
and  feeblenesse  were  not  called  to  the   feast.     When  all 
these  dances  were  ended,   they  fell  on  eating  with  such 
a  greedinesse,  that  they  seemed   rather  to  devoure  their 
meate   then  to   eate  it,   for  they  had   neither  eaten   nor 
drunke  the  day  of  the  feast,  nor  the  two  dayes  follow- 
ing.    Our  men  were  not   forgotten  at  this  good  cheere, 
for  the  Indians  sent  for  them  all  thither,  shewing   them- 
selves very  glad  of  their  presence.     While  they  remained 
certaine  time  with  the  Indians,  a  man  of  ours  got  a  yong 
boy  for  certaine  trifles,  and  inquired   of  him,  what   the 
Indians  did  in  the  wood  during  their  absence :  which  boy 
made    him    understand    by   signes,    that   the    Jawas    had 
made  invocations  to  Toya,  and  that  by  Magicall  Characters  Invocations  of 
they  had   made  him  come  that  they  might   speake   with  the  Jawas  or 
him  and  demand  divers  strange  things  of  him,  which  for  J,^^^^^  "^^° 
feare  of  the  Jawas  he  durst  not  utter.     They  have   also 
many  other  ceremonies,   which   I  will   not  here  rehearse 
for   feare   of  molesting   the  reader  with  a  matter   of  so 
small  importance. 

When  the  feast  therefore  was  finished  our  men  returned 
unto  Charles-fort:   where  having  remained  but  a  while 
their  victualles  beganne  to  waxe  short,  which  forced  them  Their  victuals 
to  have  recourse  unto  their  neighbours,  and  to  pray  them  foy^e  them. 
to   succour   them   in   their   necessitie :    which  gave  them 

477 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

part   of  all  the  victualles  which  they  had,  and   kept  no 

more    unto   themselves  then   would   serve  to   sow    their 

The  Indians     fieldes.     They  tolde  them   farther  that   for  this  cause  it 

maner  of  living  ^^g    needeful    for    them   to   retire    themselves    into    the 

time  of  Mast    woods,    to   live   of  Mast   and   rootes  untill  the  time  of 

and  rootes.        harvest,    being  as  sory   as  might  be  that  they  were  not 

able   any   farther   to  ayde    them.     They  gave   them  also 

King  Coz'exis  counsell  to  goe   toward   the  countreys   of  King  Covexis 

mightte  and     ^    j^^j^   ^f  might  and  renowme  in  this   province,  which 

maketh    his    aboad   toward  the    South    abounding  at  all 

seasons   and    replenished    with    such    quantitie    of   mill, 

corne,  and  beanes  that  by  his  onely  succour  they  might 

be    able    to    live    a  very    long    time.      But   before    they 

should   come   into   his   territories,   they  were   to    repayre 

King  Ovade.  unto  a  king  called  Ovade  the  brother  of  Covexis,  which 

in    mill,  beanes,  and    corne    was    no    lesse   wealthy,  and 

withall  is  very  liberall,  and  which  would  be  very  joy  full 

if  he  might  but   once   see    them.     Our   men   perceiving 

the  good  relation  which  the  Indians  made  them  of  those 

two   kings  resolved  to  go   thither ;  for  they  felt  already 

the    necessity    which    oppressed    them.     Therfore    they 

King  Maccou.  made   request  unto   king   Maccou,   that  it  would  please 

him  to  give  them  one  of  his  subjects  to  guide  them  the 

[III.  316.]      right    way    thither  :     wherupon    he    condescended    very 

willingly,  knowing  that  without  his  favour  they   should 

have     much    ado    to   bring    their    interprize    to    passe. 

Wherefore  after    they  had    given    order    for    all  things 

necessary   for   the  voyage,   they   put    themselves   to   Sea, 

and   sayled  so  farre  that  in  the  end  they  came  into  the 

Ovades  coun-    countrey  of  Ovade,  which  they  found  to  be  in  the  river 

^[^^  l^J  11       Belle.     Being  there  arrived  they  perceived  a  company  of 

Indians,  which  assoone  as  they  knew  of  their  being  there 

came  before   them.     Assoone   as   they  were   come   neere 

them,  their  guides  shewed    them   by   signes   that   Ovade 

was  in  this  company,  wherefore  our  men  set  forward  to 

salute  him.     And    then    two  of  his   sonnes   which   were 

with  him,  being  goodly  and    strong   men    saluted    them 

againe     in    very    good    sort,     and     used    very    friendly 

478 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  a.d. 

1587. 

entertainment    on    their    part.      The    king    immediatly 

began  to  make  an  Oration  in  his  Indian  language  of  the 

great   pleasure    and    contentment   which   he    had    to    see 

them  in  that  place,  protesting  that  he  would  become  so 

loyall  a  friend  of  theirs  hereafter,  that  he  would  be  their 

faithfull  defendour  against  all  them  that  would  offer  to 

be   their    enemies.     After   these    speeches    he    led    them 

toward    his    house,    where    he   sought  to    entreate    them 

very  courteously.     His    house    was   hanged    about  with 

Tapistrie   of  feathers  of  divers   colours   the   height  of  a  Tapistrie  of 

pike.     Moreover  the    place    where    the    king:    tooke    his  -^t^f .  "' 
1  _    r         _  D  yy httc  covet'- 

rest    was   covered    with    white    Coverlettes   embroydered  lets  edged  with 
with  devises  of  very  wittie  and  fine  workemanship,  and  red  fringe. 
fringed  round  about  with  a  Fringe  dyed  in  the  colour  of 
Skarlet.     They  advertised  the  king  by  one  of  the  guides 
which  they  brought  with  them,  how  that  (having  heard 
of  his  great  liberalitie)  they  had  put  to  the  Sea  to  come 
to   beseech  him  to   succour  them  with  victuals  in   their 
great  want  and  necessitie :  and  that  in  so  doing,  he  should 
binde  them  all  hereafter  to  remaine  his  faithfull  friends 
and  loyall  defenders  against  all  his  enemies.     This  good 
Indian  assoone  ready  to  doe  them  pleasure,  as  they  were 
to  demand  it,  commanded  his  subjects  that  they  should 
fill    our   Pinnesse   with   mil    and   beanes.     Afterward    he  The  liberalitie 
caused  them   to   bring  him    sixe  pieces   of  his    Tapistry  vkingOvade. 
made  like  litle  coverlets,  &  gave  them  to  lour  men  with 
so   liberal   a  minde,   as   they  easily  perceived  the    desire 
which  he  had  to  become  their  friend.     In  recompence  of 
all  these  giftes  our  men  gave  him  two  cutting  hookes  and 
certaine  other  trifles,  wherewith  he  held  himselfe  greatly 
satisfied.     This  being  done,  our  men  tooke  their  leave  of 
the  king,  which  for  their  farewell,  sayd   nothing  els  but 
that  they  should  returne  if  they  wanted  victuals,  &  that 
they   might  assure  themselves  of  him,  that  they  should  Omdes  com- 
never  want  any  thing  that  was  in  his  power.     Wherefore  trey  twenty- 
they   imbarked  themselves,  and  sayled  towards   Charles-  -^^^  leagues 
fort,    which    from    this    place    might    be    some   five    and  ^.^^  Charles 
twenty    leagues    distant.      But    as    soone    as    our    men  fort. 

479 


on 

casualiie. 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

thought  themselves  at  their  ease,  &  free  from  the  dangers 
whereunto  they  had  exposed  themselves  night  and  day  in 
gathering  together  of  victuals  here  and  there  :  Lo,  even 
as  they  were  asleepe,  the  fire  caught  in  their  lodgings 
with  such  furie,  being  increased  by  the  winde,  that  the 
roome  that  was  built  for  them  before  our  mens  departure, 

The  fort  set  -was  consumed  in  an  instant,  without  being  able  to  save 
rW-;/'  ^^y  thing,  saving  a  little  of  their  victualles.  Whereupon 
our  men  being  farre  from  all  succours,  found  themselves 
in  such  extremitie,  that  without  the  ayd  of  Almighty 
God,  the  onely  searcher  of  the  hearts  and  thoughts  of 
men,  which  never  forsaketh  those  that  seeke  him  in  their 
afflictions,  they  had  bene  quite  and  cleane  out  of  all  hope. 
For  the  next  day  betimes  in  the  morning  the  King 
Audusta  and  King  Maccou  came  thither,  accompanied 
with  a  very  good  companie  of  Indians,  which   knowing 

The  fort  reedi-  x\\^    misfortune,  were  very  sory  for  it.     And   then   they 

^^    ^  ^ f  ,    uttered  unto   their   subiects  the   speedy    diligence   which 
Scivcs'es  111  the  .         -^  .     .  '-         ■^  '-' 

space  of  \z       they  were  to  use  in  building    another    house,    shewing 

houres.  unto  them  that  the  Frenchmen  were  their  loving  friends, 

&  that  they  had  made  it  evident  unto  them  by  the  gifts 

and  presents   which    they  had    received  :    protesting  that 

whosoever  put  not  his  helping  hand  unto  the  worke  with 

all   his  might,   should  be  esteemed    as   unprofitable,  and 

as  one  that  had  no  good  part  in  him,  which  the  Savages 

feare  above  all  things.     This  was  the  occasion  that  every 

man   began  to  endevour  himselfe  in    such    sort,   that   in 

lesse   then    12   houres,  they    had    begun    and    finished   a 

house    which    was    very    neere  as    great  as    the   former. 

Which  being  ended,  they  returned  home  fully  contented 

with   a    few    cutting   hookes,  and    hatchets,    which    they 

received  of  our  men.      Within  a   small  while  after  this 

mischance,   their  victuals  began  to  waxe  short :  and  after 

our    men    had    taken    good    deliberation,    thought    and 

bethought  themselves  againe,  they  found  that  there  was 

no  better  way  for  them   then    to    returne  againe  to  the 

king   Ovade  and  Covexis  his  brother.      Wherefore  they 

resolved    to    send    thither    some    of   their    company   the 

480 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587- 
next  day  following :  which  with  an  Indian  Canoa  sayled 
up   into  the  countrey  about    10  leagues  :  afterward  they 
found   a  very  faire  &  great  river  of  fresh  water,  which 
they  failed  not  to  search  out :  they  found  therein  a  great 
number    of  Crocodils,  which  in  greatnes  passe  those   of  Crocodiles. 
the  river  Nilus  :  moreover,  al  along  the  bankes  thereof, 
there   grow    mighty    high    Cypresses.     After    they    had  Cypresses. 
stayed  a  smal  while  in  this  place,  they  purposed  to  follow  T      second 
their  journey,  helping  themselves  so  wel  with  the  tydes,  countre-c  of 
that  without  putting  themselves  in  danger  of  the  continuall   Ovade. 
perill  of  the  Sea,  they  came  into  the  countrey  of  Ovade : 
of   whom   they  were    most  courteously  received.     They 
advertised    him    of  the    occasion    wherefore    they    came  [III.  317.] 
againe   to    visite  him,   and    told   him  of    the   mischance, 
which  happened  unto  them  since  their  last  voyages  :   how 
they    had    not    onely    lost    their     houshold    stuffe    by 
casualtie   of  fire,    but  also    their  victuals    which  he    had 
given  them  so  bountifully  :  that  for  this  cause  they  were 
so  bolde   as  to  come  once  againe  unto  him,   to   beseech 
him   to    vouchsafe  to   succour  them  in   such    neede  and 
necessitie. 

After  that  the  king  had  understood  their  case,  he  sent 
messengers  unto  his  brother  Covexis,  to  request  him 
upon  his  behalfe  to  send  him  some  of  his  mill  and 
beanes,  which  thing  he  did :  and  the  next  morning, 
they  were  come  againe  with  victuals,  which  the  king 
caused  to  be  borne  into  their  Canoa.  Our  men  would 
have  taken  their  leave  of  him,  finding  themselves  more 
then  satisfied  with  this  liberalitie.  But  for  that  day  hee 
would  not  suffer  them,  but  retained  them,  and  sought 
to  make  them  the  best  cheere  hee  could  devise.  The 
next  day  very  earely  in  the  morning,  he  tooke  them 
with  him  to  shewe  them  the  place  where  his  corne 
grewe,  and  saide  unto  them  that  they  should  not  want 
as  long  as  all  that  mil  did  last.  Afterward  he  gave 
them  a  certaine  number  of  exceeding  faire  pearles,  &  two  ^^f^^^^^i 
stones  of  fine  Christal,  and  certaine  silver  oare.  Our  ^^^  christall 
men  forgot  not   to   give  him    certaine    trifles  in  recom-  silver  ore. 

VIII  481  2  H 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1587. 

pence  of  these  presentes,  and  required  of  him  the  place 

The  place        whence    the    silver    oare    and    the    Christall    came.     He 

where chttstall  ni^de    them    answere,  that    it    came  ten    dayes    journey 

^en  md        froJTi   his    habitation  up  within   the  countrey :   and    that 

quantitie  ten     the  inhabitants  of  the  countrey  did  dig  the  same  at  the 

da'^es  journey    foote  of  certaine  high   mountaines,  where  they  found  of 

from  the  rwer  j^  \^   ygj-y.  good  quantitie.     Being  joyfull  to  understand 

^g^g'  so  good  newes,  and  to  have  come  to  the  knowledge  of 

that  which  they  most  desired,  they  tooke  their  leave  of 

the  king,  and  returned  by  the  same  saw,  by  which  they 

came. 

Behold  therefore  how  our  men  behaved  themselves 
very  well  hitherto,  although  they  had  endured  many  great 
mishaps.  But  misfortune  or  rather  the  just  judgement 
of  God  would  have  it,  that  those  which  could  not  bee 
overcome  by  fire  nor  water,  should  be  undone  by  their 
owne  selves.  This  is  the  common  fashion  of  men, 
which  cannot  continue  in  one  state,  and  had  rather  to 
overthrow  themselves,  then  not  to  attempt  some  new 
thing  dayly.  We  have  infinite  examples  in  the  ancient 
histories,  especially  of  the  Romanes,  unto  which  number 
this  litle  handful!  of  men,  being  farre  from  their 
countrey  and  absent  from  their  countreymen,  have  also 
added  this  present  example.  They  entred  therefore  into 
partialities  and  dissentions,  which  began  about  a  souldier 
named  Guernache,  which  was  a  drummer  of  the  French 
bands :  which,  as  it  was  told  me,  was  very  cruelly  hanged 
by  his  owne  captaine,  and  for  a  smal  fault :  which  captaine 
also  using  to  threathen  the  rest  of  his  souldiers  which 
staled  behind  under  his  obedience,  and  peradventure  (as 
it  is  to  be  presumed)  were  not  so  obedient  to  him  as 
they  should  have  bene,  was  the  cause  that  they  fell  into 
Mutiny  a  mutinie,  because  that  many  times  he  put  his  threatnings 

against  the  -j^  execution  :  wherupon  they  so  chased  him,  that  at 
'^the^cauLr  ^^  ^^^^  ^^1  P^^  ^^"^  ^°  death.  And  the  principall 
thereof.  occasion   that   moved    them    thereunto   was,   because   he 

degraded   another   souldier   named   La   Chere  (which   he 
had    banished)   and  because  he   had  not  performed    his 

482 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE 

promise:  for  hee  had  promised  to  send  him  victuals, 
from  8  dayes  to  8  dayes,  which  thing  he  did  not,  but 
said  on  the  contrary,  that  he  would  be  glad  to  heare  of 
his  death.  He  said  moreover,  that  he  would  chastise 
others  also,  &  used  so  evil  sounding  speeches,  that 
honestie  forbiddeth  me  to  repeat  them.  The  souldiers 
seeing  his  madnes  to  increase  from  day  to  day,  and 
fearing  to  fall  into  the  dangers  of  the  other,  resolved  to 
kil  him.  Having  executed  their  purpose,  they  went  to 
seeke  the  souldier  that  was  banished,  which  was  in  a  small 
Island  distant  from  Charles-fort  about  3  leagues,  where 
they  found  him  almost  half  dead  for  hunger.  When  they 
were  come  home  againe,  they  assembled  themselves 
together  to  choose  one  to  be  governour  over  them  whose 
name  was  Nicolas  Barre  a  man  worthy  of  commendation, 
and  one  which  knewe  so  well  to  quite  himselfe  of  his 
charge,  that  all  rancour  and  dissention  ceased  among 
them,  and  they  lived  peaceably  one  with  another.  During 
this  time,  they  began  to  build  a  smal  Pinnesse,  with  hope 
to  return  into  France,  if  no  succours  came  unto  them,  as 
they  expected  from  day  to  day.  And  though  there  were 
no  man  among  them  that  had  any  skill,  notwithstanding 
necessitie,  which  is  the  maistresse  of  all  sciences,  taught 
them  the  way  to  build  it.  After  that  it  was  finished,  they 
thought  of  nothing  else  saving  how  to  furnish  it  with  all 
things  necessarie  to  undertake  the  voyage.  But  they 
wanted  those  things  that  of  all  other  were  most  needefull, 
as  cordage  and  sayles,  without  which  the  enterprise  coulde 
not  come  to  effect.  Having  no  meanes  to  recover  these 
things,  they  were  in  worse  case  then  at  the  first,  and 
almost  ready  to  fall  into  despayre.  But  that  good  God, 
which  never  forsaketh  the  afflicted,  did  succour  them  in 
their  necessitie. 

As  they  were  in  these  perplexities  king  Audusta  and 
Maccou  came  to  them,  accompanied  with  two  hundred 
Indians  at  the  least,  whom  our  Frenchmen  went  forth  to 
meete  withall,  and  shewed  the  king  in  what  neede  of 
cordage   they   stood :    who    promised    them    to   returne 

483 


A.D. 

1587. 


Captaine 
Albert  slaine 
by  his  owne 
souldiers. 


"Nicolas 
Barre,  chosen 
captain. 


A  new 
Brigandine 
built  in 
Florida. 


[HI.  318.] 


A.D. 
1587. 


Rosen  to  bray 
ships. 

Mosse  to  calke 
ships. 


Cordage  for 
tackle. 


They  put  to 
the  sea  with- 
out sufficient 
victuals. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

within  two  dayes,  and  to  bring  so  much  as  should  suffice 
to  furnish  the  Pinnesse  with  tackling.  Our  men  being 
pleased  with  these  good  newes  &  promises,  bestowed 
upon  them  certaine  cutting  hookes  and  shirtes.  After 
their  departure  our  men  sought  all  meanes  to  recover 
rosen  in  the  woodes,  wherin  they  cut  the  Pine  trees 
round  about,  out  of  which  they  drew  sufficient  reasonable 
quantitie  to  bray  the  vessell.  Also  they  gathered  a  kind 
of  mosse  which  groweth  on  the  trees  of  this  countrey, 
to  serve  to  calke  the  same  withall.  There  now  wanted 
nothing  but  sayles,  which  they  made  of  their  owne  shirtes 
and  of  their  sheetes.  Within  few  dayes  after  the  Indian 
kings  returned  to  Charles  fort  with  so  good  store  of 
cordage,  that  there  was  found  sufficient  for  tackling  of 
the  small  Pinnesse.  Our  men  as  glad  as  might  be,  used 
great  liberalitie  towards  them,  and  at  their  leaving  of  the 
countrey,  left  them  all  the  marchandise  that  remained, 
leaving  them  thereby  so  fully  satisfied,  that  they  departed 
from  them  with  all  the  contentation  of  the  worlde. 
They  went  forward  therefore  to  finish  the  Brigandine,  & 
used  so  speedie  diligence,  that  within  a  short  time  after- 
ward they  made  it  ready  furnished  with  all  things.  In 
the  meane  season  the  winde  came  so  fit  for  their  pur- 
pose that  it  seemed  to  invite  them  to  put  to  the  Sea : 
which  they  did  without  delay,  after  they  had  set  all  their 
things  in  order.  But  before  they  departed  they  embarked 
their  artillerie,  their  forge,  and  other  munitions  of  warre 
which  Captaine  Ribault  had  left  them,  and  then  as  much 
mill  as  they  could  gather  together.  But  being  drunken 
with  the  too  excessive  joy,  which  they  had  conceived 
for  their  returning  into  France,  or  rather  deprived  of  all 
foresight  &  consideration,  without  regarding  the  incon- 
stancie  of  the  winds,  which  change  in  a  moment,  they  put 
themselves  to  sea,  and  with  so  slender  victuals,  that  the 
end  of  their  interprise  became  unluckly  and  unfortunate. 
For  after  they  had  sayled  the  third  part  of  their  way, 
they  were  surprized  with  calmes  which  did  so  much 
hinder  them,  that  in  three  weekes  they  sailed  not  above 

484 


RENE   LAUDONNIERE  ad. 

1587. 
five  and  twentie  leagues.     During  this  time  their  victuals 
consumed,    and   became   so  short,    that    every    man    was   Their  victuals 
constrained  to  eate  not  past  twelve  gfraines  of  mill  by  the  *'^^'v  '^°"- 
day,  which  may  be  in  value  as  much  as  twelve  peason. 
Yea,  and  this  felicitie  lasted  not  long  :  for  their  victuals 
failed  them  altogether  at  once :  and  they  had  nothing  for 
their  more  assured  refuge  but  their  shooes  and  leather 
jerkins  which   they    did    eat.     Touching   their  beverage, 
some  of  them  dranke  the  sea  water,  others  did  drink  their  ^'^fJ  (Ifi^ke 
owne    urine :     and    they    remained    in    such    desperate  ^^^^  urtne 
necessitie  a  very  long   space,   durmg  the  which  part  or  ^^^^  water. 
them  died  for  hunger.    Beside  this  extreme  famine,  which 
did  so  grievously  oppresse  them,  they  fell  every  minute 
of  an  houre  out  of  all  hope  ever  to  see  France  againe, 
insomuch  that   they  were  constrained   to  cast  the  water 
continually  out,  that  on  al  sides  entred  into  their  Barke. 
And  every  day  they  fared  worse  and  worse :  for  after  they 
had  eaten  up  their  shooes  and  their  leather  jerkins,  there 
arose    so    boystrous    a    winde    and    so    contrary  to  their 
course,  that  in  the  turning  of  a  hande,  the  waves  filled 
their  vessel  halfe  full  of  water  and  brused  it  upon  the  one 
side.     Being  now  more  out  of  hope  then  ever  to  escape 
out  of  this  extreme  peril,  they  cared  not  for  casting  out  of 
the  water  which  now  was  almost  ready  to  drowne  them. 
And  as  men  resolved  to  die,  every  one  fell  downe  backe- 
warde,  and  gave  themselves  over  altogether  unto  the  will 
of  the  waves.     When  as  one  of  them  a  little  having  taken 
heart  unto  him  declared  unto  them  how  litle  way  they  had 
to  sayle,  assuring  them,   that  if  the   winde    held,    they 
should  see  land  within  three  dayes.     This  man  did  so 
encourage  them,  that  after  they  had  throwne  the  water 
out  of  the  Pinnesse  they  remained  three  dayes  without 
eating  or  drinking,  except  it  were  of  the  sea  water.    When 
the  time   of  his  promise  was    expired,  they   were    more 
troubled   then  they  were   before,   seeing  they  could  not 
discry  any  land.     Wherefore    in    this    extreme    despaire  Extreme 
certaine  among  them  made  this  motion  that  it  was  better  fi^^^^- 
that  one  man  should  dye,  then  that  so  many  men  should 

485 


A.D. 

1587. 


The  French 
succoured  by 
an  English 
Barke. 

[III.  319] 
It  seemeth 
hee  meaneth 
the  voyage 
intended  by 
Stukely. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

perish :  they  agreed  therefore  that  one  should  die  to 
sustaine  the  others.  Which  thing  was  executed  in  the 
person  of  La  Chere,  of  whom  we  have  spoken  heretofore, 
whose  flesh  was  devided  equally  among  his  fellowes : 
a  thing  so  pitifull  to  recite,  that  my  pen  is  loth  to 
write  it. 

After  so  long  time  and  tedious  travels,  God  of  his 
goodnesse  using  his  accustomed  favour,  changed  their 
sorow  into  joy,  and  shewed  unto  them  the  sight  of  land. 
Whereof  they  were  so  exceeding  glad,  that  the  pleasure 
caused  them  to  remaine  a  long  time  as  men  without 
sence :  whereby  they  let  the  Pinnesse  flote  this  and  that 
way  without  holding  any  right  way  or  course.  But  a 
small  English  barke  boarded  the  vessell,  in  the  which 
there  was  a  Frenchman  which  had  bene  in  the  first  voyage 
into  Florida,  who  easily  knew  them,  and  spake  unto  them, 
and  afterward  gave  them  meat  and  drinke.  Incontinently 
they  recovered  their  naturall  courages,  and  declared  unto 
him  at  large  all  their  navigation.  The  Englishmen 
consulted  a  long  while  what  were  best  to  be  done,  and 
in  fine  they  resolved  to  put  on  land  those  that  were 
most  feeble,  and  to  cary  the  rest  unto  the  Queene  of 
England,  which  purposed  at  that  time  to  send  into 
Florida.  Thus  you  see  in  briefe  that  which  happened 
to  them  which  Captaine  John  Ribault  had  left  in  Florida. 
And  now  will  I  go  forward  with  the  discourse  of  mine 
owne  voyage. 


END    OF    VOLUME    VIII. 


,f«w-j---a     ...    ,j;,.  ■   -    ^-'-.^j. 


DATE    DUE 


CLAPP 


3  5002  00074  2051 


?^^';l„^a^^av.a.ons  voyages  ^ 


G    240    .H2    1303    & 

Hakluyt.  Richard,  1552?- 
1616, 

The  principal  navigations 
vovaae-s  traf f  igue-s 


