RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Purchas his Pilgrimes, MacLehose ed. vol. XVIII (1906), complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/hakluytusposthu84purcgoog/hakluytusposthu84purcgoog_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

This  is  a  digital  copy  of  a  book  that  was  preserved  for  generations  on  library  shelves  before  it  was  carefully  scanned  by  Google  as  part  of  a  project 
to  make  the  world's  books  discoverable  online. 

It  has  survived  long  enough  for  the  copyright  to  expire  and  the  book  to  enter  the  public  domain.  A  public  domain  book  is  one  that  was  never  subject 
to  copyright  or  whose  legal  copyright  term  has  expired.  Whether  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  may  vary  country  to  country.  Public  domain  books 
are  our  gateways  to  the  past,  representing  a  wealth  of  history,  culture  and  knowledge  that's  often  difficult  to  discover. 

Marks,  notations  and  other  marginalia  present  in  the  original  volume  will  appear  in  this  file  -  a  reminder  of  this  book's  long  journey  from  the 
publisher  to  a  library  and  finally  to  you. 

Usage  guidelines 

Google  is  proud  to  partner  with  libraries  to  digitize  public  domain  materials  and  make  them  widely  accessible.  Public  domain  books  belong  to  the 
public  and  we  are  merely  their  custodians.  Nevertheless,  this  work  is  expensive,  so  in  order  to  keep  providing  this  resource,  we  have  taken  steps  to 
prevent  abuse  by  commercial  parties,  including  placing  technical  restrictions  on  automated  querying. 

We  also  ask  that  you: 

+  Make  non-commercial  use  of  the  files  We  designed  Google  Book  Search  for  use  by  individuals,  and  we  request  that  you  use  these  files  for 
personal,  non-commercial  purposes. 

+  Refrain  from  automated  querying  Do  not  send  automated  queries  of  any  sort  to  Google's  system:  If  you  are  conducting  research  on  machine 
translation,  optical  character  recognition  or  other  areas  where  access  to  a  large  amount  of  text  is  helpful,  please  contact  us.  We  encourage  the 
use  of  public  domain  materials  for  these  purposes  and  may  be  able  to  help. 

+  Maintain  attribution  The  Google  "watermark"  you  see  on  each  file  is  essential  for  informing  people  about  this  project  and  helping  them  find 
additional  materials  through  Google  Book  Search.  Please  do  not  remove  it. 

+  Keep  it  legal  Whatever  your  use,  remember  that  you  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  what  you  are  doing  is  legal.  Do  not  assume  that  just 
because  we  believe  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  the  United  States,  that  the  work  is  also  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  other 
countries.  Whether  a  book  is  still  in  copyright  varies  from  country  to  country,  and  we  can't  offer  guidance  on  whether  any  specific  use  of 
any  specific  book  is  allowed.  Please  do  not  assume  that  a  book's  appearance  in  Google  Book  Search  means  it  can  be  used  in  any  manner 
anywhere  in  the  world.  Copyright  infringement  liability  can  be  quite  severe. 

About  Google  Book  Search 

Google's  mission  is  to  organize  the  world's  information  and  to  make  it  universally  accessible  and  useful.  Google  Book  Search  helps  readers 
discover  the  world's  books  while  helping  authors  and  publishers  reach  new  audiences.  You  can  search  through  the  full  text  of  this  book  on  the  web 


at|http  :  //books  .  google  .  com/ 


Kfx^jx;7  (is) 


dW®.Kockl)ill. 


^"MS^^JI^^^ 


Hakluytus  Posthumus 

or 

Purchas  His  Pilgrimes 

In  Twenty  Volumes 

Volume  XVIII 


GLASGOW 

PRINTED    AT    THE    UNIVERSITY    PRESS    BY 

ROBERT  MACLEHOSE  ^  COMPANY  LTD.  FOR 

JAMES   MACLEHOSE  AND  SONS,   PUBLISHERS 

TO    THE    UNIVERSITY   OF    GLASGOW 

MACMILLAN    AND    CO.    LTD.  LONDON 

THB    MACMILLAN    CO.  NBW   YORK 

THB  MACMILLAN  CO.  OF  CANADA  TORONTO 

SIMPKIN,   HAMILTON   AND  CO.  LONDON 

MACMILLAN    AND    BOWKS  CAMBRIDGS 

DOUGLAS   AND    FOULIS  BDINBURGH 

MCMVI 


Hakluytus  Posthumus 


or 


Purchas   His  Pilgrimes 

Contayning   a    History    of  the    World 

in    Sea    Voyages    and    Lande    Travells 

by    Englishmen    and   others 

By 
SAMUEL    PURCHAS,    B.D. 


VOLUME  XVIII 


Glasgow 
James    MacLehose    and    Sons 

Publishers  to  the  University 

MCMVI 


KF2^52  7  (is) 


^'^7^2  3- 


THE  TABLE 


PAGB 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters  and  Paragraphs  in 
the  Eight  Booke  of  the  Second  part  of 
Purchas   his   Pilgrims. 

CHAP.   ll.^CwHnuid. 

§2.  Sotos  further   Discoveries    in    Florida,   and    manifold 

Adventures  till  hee  came  to  TuUa.  ...  i 

Indians  food.  A  Ladies  deceit.  Medowes  sowne  with 
Maiz.  Christians  in  great  danger,  care  for  provision. 
The  Governors  departure  from  Co9a.  Women  given 
for  cariages.  Canoas  demanded  of  the  Indians. 
Five  Christians  slaine.  Indians  slaine,  the  Towne 
entred,  ornaments  burnt.  Indians  threaten  Christians. 
A  present  given  to  the  Governour.  Chica9a  fired. 
A  great  flight.  A  terrible  out-crie.  Advertisement 
given  to  the  Governour,  three  Canoes  sent.  Deepe 
River.  Walnuts  like  bullets.  The  Governour  wor- 
shipped. Crosse  worshipped.  Strange  fish.  Store 
of  Oxen.  Men  and  women  taken.  Cayas  a  fruitfuU 
Conntrie.     Present  of  Oxe  hides. 

§3.  His  departure  to  Autiamque,  Ortiz  his  Death  and 
disasters  following  :  Soto  takes  thought  and  dyeth. 
Moscosco  succeedeth.  They  leave  Florida,  and  arrive 
at  Panuco 34 

Rough  Mountaines.  Indians  uken.  Snares  for  Conies. 
Dangerous  passage.  Store  of  Maiz.  Horsemen  sent 
downe  the  River.     Indians  unconstant     Indians  set 


THE    TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  'ace 

at  libertie.  Strait  command.  A  present  of  much 
fish.  Want  of  Maia:.  Much  Raine  and  Snow. 
Great  trouble.  Indians  conspiracie  discovered,  their 
right  hands  cut  off.     Skum  like  Pitch.     Great  Rivers. 


CHAP.   III. 

Divers  expeditions  from  Mexico,  and  other  parts  of  New 
Spaine  and  New  Biskay,  especially  to  the  more 
Northerly  parts  of  America,  by  divers  Spaniards  in 
a  hundred  yeeres  space 52 

§  I .  The  Relation  of  Nunno  di  Gasman  written  to  Charles 
the  fift  Emperour ;  translated  out  of  Ramusios  third 
Tome,  and  abridged 52 

Expeditions  to  America.  Crosse  erected;  People  flye. 
Shewes  of  Gold  and  Silver.  Devill  adored,  hard 
skirmish  ;  Women  and  Children  sacrificed.  Embas- 
sadors with  offers  of  peace.     Crosses  erected. 

§  2.  The  Voyage  of  Frier  Marco  de  Nica,  Don  Fr. 
Vasquez  de  Coronado,  Don  Antonio  de  Espeio, 
and  divers  into  New  Mexico,  and  the  adjoyning 
Coasts  and  Lands 61 

Temples  covered  with  straw ;  Embroidered  garments. 
Many  hones  lost.  Oratory  for  the  Devill.  Signes 
of  rich  Mines.  Spanish  Discoveries  on  the  South 
Sea  Coast  &  Lands  adjoyning. 

§  3.  Extracts  out  of  ceruine  Letters  of  Father  Martin 
Perez  of  the  Societie  of  Jesus,  from  the  new  Mission 
of  the  Province  of  Cinoloa,  to  the  Fathers  of  Mexico, 
dated  in  the  moneth  of  December,  1591.  With  a 
Letter  added,  written  1605.  of  later  Discoveries. 
H 68 

Masse  once  a  yeare.  Naked  People.  Short  Javelings. 
Indians  Christned.  The  Divell  forbids  it.  Petatlan. 
Marriage  rites.     The  sicke  make  their  owne  graves. 


THE  TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  'aci 

A  Letter  written  from  Valladolid  by  Ludovicm  Tribaldus 
Toletosy  to  Master  Richard  Hakluyt,  translated  out 
of  Latine,  touching  Juan  de  Onate  his  Discoveries 
in  New  Mexico,  five  hundred  leagues  to  the  North 
from  the  Old  Mexico.     H 76 

Ludovicus.  Mightie  Rocke.  Store  of  Deere.  Newes 
from  Spaine.  Extreme  cruelties  of  some  not  to  be 
imputed  to  the  whole  Nation. 

The  Prologue  of  the  Bishop  Frier  Bartholomew  de  las 
Casasy  or  Casans,  to  the  most  high  and  mightie 
Prince,  Our  Lord  Don  Philip  Prince  of  Spaine.      .         83 

Bart,  de  Casas  his  Prologue  to  Don  Philip  Prince  of 
Spaine. 


CHAP.  nil. 

A  briefe  Narration  of  the  destruction  of  the  Indies  by  the 
Spaniards :    written  by  a  Frier  Bartholomew  de  las 

Casas,  a  Spaniard,  and  Bishop  of  Chiapa  in  America.  8; 

Bart,  de  las  Casas  his  Booke  of  Cruelties  done  in  the  Indies. 

Of  the  He  of  Hispaniola 89 

Of  the  two  lies  Saint  John,  &  Jamayca.         ...  98 

Of  the  He  of  Cuba 98 

Of  Terra  Firma,  or  the  firme  Land 102 

Of  the  Province  of  Nicaragua 106 

Of  New  Spaine 109 

Of  the  Province  and  Realme  of  Guatimala.    .  113 

Of  New  Spaine^  and  Panuco,  and  Xalisco.                        .  116 

Of  the  Realme  of  Yucaun 1 30 

Of  the  Province  of  Saint  Martha 125 

vii 


THE  TABLE 

The  G>ntents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  page 

Of  the  Province  of  Carthagene 128 

Of  the  Coast  of  Pearles,  and  of  Paha,  and  of  the  He  of 

theTrinitie 129 

Of  the  River  Yuia  pari 136 

Of  the  Realme  of  Venesuela. 136 

Of  the  Provinces  of  the  firme  Land,  or  quarter  that  is 

called  Florida 141 

Of  the  River  of  La  plata 14* 

Of  the  mightie  Realmes,  and  large  Provinces  of  Peru.     .       142 

Of  the  new  Realme  of  Granado 148 

Part    of   a    Letter    written    by   one    which    saw    things 

mentioned 160 

The  summe  of  the  Disputation  betweene  Fner  Bartholo- 
mew de  las  Casas  or  Casaus,  and  Doctor  Sepulveda.       176 

Many  soules  destroyed. 

CHAP.   V. 

Notes  of  Voyages  and  Plantations  of  the  French  in  the 

Northerne  America  :  both  in  Florida  and  Canada.  .       181 

Pillar  erected.  Two  Serpents.  FcarcfiiU  lightning. 
Utina  prisoner.  League  with  Savage  Kings.  Fort 
taken.     Hand  of  Birds. 


CHAP.  VL 

The  Voyage  of  Samuel  Champlaine  of  Brouage,  made  unto 
Canada,  in  the  yeere  1603.  dedicated  to  Charles  de 
Montmorencie,  5cc.  High  Admirall  of  France.     H.  .       188 

Coast  of  Brittaine  discovered.     Great  Storme.     Hand  of 
Ice.     Great  entertainment.     Faire  Castles.     Manner 
of  Dancing.     Point  of  Saint  Mathew.     Speech  made 
viii 


THE   TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  pack 

to  the  Mountainen.  Strange  bdiefe.  The  Divell 
appeareth  to  the  Indians.  Their  Ceremonie  in 
Marriage.  A  River  of  incredible  depth.  Store  of 
Slate.  Many  Rockes.  Dangerous  Rocb  and  Flats. 
Store  of  Vines.  Saint  EI07.  Moving  Sand.  Great 
Lake.  Store  of  Vines.  Wholsome  River.  Many 
lies  and  frnitfull  trees.  Low  Land.  Many  Hands. 
Temperate  aire.  A  Lake  eighty  leagues  long.  Many 
great  Lakes.  The  Coast  of  Irocois  mountainous. 
Many  Falls  of  water.  Store  of  Indian  Wheat.  Bay 
of  Heat.  Mine  of  Copper.  Bay  of  Hete.  A  good 
Haven.  Haven  of  Tadousac.  Women  starke  naked. 
He  of  Saint  John.  Oze  and  Sands.  The  great 
Sagamo  Anadabijou. 


CHAP.   VII. 

The  Patent  of  the  French  King  to  Monsieur  de  Monts, 
for  the  Inhabiting  of  the  Countries  of  La  Cadia 
Canada,  and  other  places  in  New  France.  226 

La  Cadia. 

The  Voyage  of  Monsieur  de   Monts  into  New  France, 

written  by  Marke  Lescarbot 228 

Port  Moutton  discovered.  Saint  Maries  Bay.  A  Priest 
lost.  Bay  fortie  leagues  in  length.  Spaniards  ex- 
ceeding cruelties.  New  France.  Bay  of  Saint 
Marie.  Common  place.  Cannon  lodged.  Unknowne 
sicknesses.  Lakes  and  Bogges.  Fountaine  of  fresh 
water.  Woodden  Pantophles  or  Pattins.  Wilde 
fowle.  Venison.  Fresh  fish.  Many  Hands.  River 
of  Canada.  They  come  to  Port  Royall.  Tabagies 
or  Feasts.  An  enterprise  atchieved.  The  Bay  of 
Heate.  Mbts  and  Colds.  Ices  like  Mountaines. 
Birds  called  Hopfoyes  or  Liver  catchers.  Duskie 
Mists.  Sweet  Odours.  Savages  expedition  in 
joumies.  Calme  weather.  Good  journey.  White 
Banner  displayed.  Port  Royall.  Many  Rockes  and 
lies.  He  of  Saint  Croix.  Inclosures  and  partitions 
of  Gardens.  Treaty  of  amitie.  Presents.  Presents 
given  by  Mons.  de  Pontrincourt.  Boats  of  trees 
hollowed.  Savages  play  upon  long  Pipes ;  subtile 
and  theevish,  great  danger.  Great  store  of  Grapes, 
ix 


THE  TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  pace 

Plenty  of  Fowlc«.  Port  Fortune,  Wayes  through 
Woods.  Trucking  for  Bread  Seldome  Raine. 
Pleasant  sport.  Want  of  Garden  Hearbes.  Quan- 
titic  of  Gumme.  Prayers  to  God.  Trade  of  Bevers. 
High  trees.  Wizard  or  Southsayer.  Seales  crie  like 
Owles.  Great  store  of  fish.  Contrarie  wind.  Kind 
entertainment.  Ouurds  given  to  the  King.  The 
Nations  pacified.     Store  of  Vines. 


CHAP.  VIII. 

Collections  out  of  a  French  Booke,  called  Additions  to 
Nova  Francia ;  contayning  the  Accidents  there,  itom 
the  yeere  1607  to  161 1 289 

Commodious  place  for  Command.  Diligent  search. 
Gentle  conversation.  River  of  the  Irocois.  Challenge 
to  combat.  Agreement  with  Captaines.  Lake  100. 
leag.  in  length.  Beasts  great  and  small.  Savages 
Baptized.     Great  contentment. 


CHAP.    IX. 

The  first  Plantation  of  English  Colonies  in  Virginia,  briefly 

mentioned 298 

Patent  for  Discovery.     Large  History.     Secret  assault  upon 
the  English.     Booke  of  Discoveries. 


CHAP.  X. 

The  Relation  of  Captain  Gosnols  Voyage  to  the  North 
part  of  Virginia,  begun  the  six  and  twentieth  of 
March,  Anno  42.  Elizabethae  Reginae  1602.  and 
delivered  by  Gabriel  Archer,  a  Gentleman  in  the 
said  Voyage.     H 302 

Saint  Maries  Iland.  Savages  shew  themselves ;  store  of 
fish.  Store  of  people.  Many  Hils  and  Hummocks. 
A  ledge  of  Rocb.  Haps  Hill.  In-creekes  or  sandie 
Coves.  Skins  of  wild  beasts.  A  Musket  presented 
with  threatning  countenance.  Dumpish  terror. 
Cranes,  Hernshowes,  and  Geese. 

X 


THE  TABLE 

The  G>ntents  of  the  Chapters — ConHnued.  '•ace 


CHAP.  XL 

Notes  of  the  same  Voyage,  taken  out  of  a  Tractate  written 
hj  James  Rosier  to  Sir  Walter  Raileigh,  and  of  Maces 
Voyage  to  Virginia.  .314 

Lakes  of  fresh  water.  Signes  of  gratulations.  Collars 
and  Chaines:  Deeres  skinnes.  Sassafras,  Cedar, 
Farres,  Skinnes,  and  other  commodities. 


CHAP.   XIL 

A  Voyage  set  out  from  the  Citie  of  BristoU,  at  the  charge 
of  the  chiefest  Merchants  and  Inhabitants  of  the  said 
Citie,  with  a  small  Ship  and  a  Barke  for  the  Discovery 
of  the  North  part  of  Virginia,  in  the  yei^Tt  1603. 
under  the  command  of  mee  Martin  Pringe.     H.     .       322 

Voyage  for  discoverie.  Sight  of  the  Pike.  Sundry  sorts 
of  beasts.  Savages  come  downe  in  abundance.  Wild 
Pease  and  Strawberries.  Divers  sorts  of  beasts. 
Conspiracie.      Excellent  Haven. 

A  Relation  of  the  voyage  made  to  Virginia,  in  the  Eliza- 
beth of  London,  a  Barke  of  fiftie  tunnes  by  Captaine 
Bartholmew  Gilbert,  in  the  yeere  1603.  Written  by 
Master  Thomas  Canner,  a  Gentleman  of  Bamards 
Inne,  his  Companion  in  the  same  Voyage.     H.  329 

Barter  and  trade  with  the  Savages.  Huge  Tortoyse. 
Gulfe  of  Mexico.  Low  Land.  Pleasant  and  goodly 
trees. 


CHAP.  XIIL 

Extracts  of  a  Virginian  Voyage,  made  An.  1604.  by 
Captaine  George  Waymouth,  in  the  Archangell. 
Set  foorth  by  the  Right  Honourable  Henrie  Earle 
of  South-hampton,  and   the  Lord   Thomas  Arundel,  ^ 

written  by  James  Rosier.     H.P 335 

xi 


THE  TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  pack 

Store  of  Munition.  Dangerous  Rockes.  Miraculous 
deliverance.  Store  of  Firre,  Birch  and  Beech. 
Store  of  Lobsters,  &c.  A  very  fruitfull  Hand. 
Furres  and  Skins.  Good  Tobacco.  Savage  Women 
well  favoured.  Store  of  Tobacco.  Furres  and 
Tobacco.  Conspiracie.  Painted  Eices.  Good  har- 
bours for  Ships  of  all  burthens.  Store  of  Fish. 
Good  and  fertile  ground.  Armor  and  Shot.  Goodly 
River.  Sixe  or  seven  miles  fresh  water.  Exceeding 
great  Codde.  Virginian  Commodities,  Fowles,  Beasts, 
Fishes,  Plants,  &c. 


CHAP.   XIIII. 

The  description  of  the  Hands  of  Azores,  or  the  Flemish 
Hands,  taken  out  of  Linschoten,  with  certaine  occur- 
rents,  and  English  acts. 360 

The  Citie  Angra.  Fruitfull  and  pleasant  Hand.  Strange 
Plant.  Store  of  fish.  Pits  for  preserving  Come. 
Strange  Springs.  Wood  turned  into  hard  stone. 
Terrible  Windes.  Divers  great  Villages.  Santa 
Maria.     Great  store  of  Victuals.     He  De  Corvo. 

Of  certaine  notable  and  memorable  Accidents  that  hap- 
pened during  my  continuance  in  Tercera  :  in  which 
are  related  many  English  Fleets,  Sea-fights,  and  Prizes.       374 

Much  foule  weather.  Many  men  drowned  by  a  storme. 
He  of  Tercera;  Roade  of  Angra.  Spaniards  losses. 
Cruell  act.  A  ship  taken.  Happie  Voyage.  Navie 
of  English  ships.  Fayaell  af&ighted.  Letters  of 
advice.  Pride  and  vanitie  the  Parents  of  many 
disasters.  Cruell  fight ;  Sir  Richard  Greenfields 
resolution.  Great  curtesie  shewed.  The  Revenge 
cast  away  in  Tercera.  Ship  cast  away  upon  Rockes  ; 
Thirty  ikwe.  drowned.  Request  made  to  the  King 
of  Spaine.     River  of  Lisbone. 


xn 


THE  TABLE 

PAGE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters  and  Paragraphs 
in  the  Ninth  Booke  of  the  Second  part 
of  Purchas  his  Pilgrims. 


CHAP.  I. 

Part  of  the  fint  Patent  granted  by  his  Majestie  for  the 

Plantation  of  Virginia,  Aprill  the  tenth  1606.     .  399 

Adventurers  of  the  Citie  of  London.  Councell  of  13. 
persons. 

CHAP.    II. 

Observations  gathered  out  of  a  Discourse  of  the  Plantation 
of  the  Southerne  Colonie  in  Virginia  by  the  English, 
1606.  Written  by  that  Honorable  Gentleman  Master 
George  Percy.     H 403 

Great  stormes.  Bodies  painted  red.  Feare  of  assault. 
Store  of  wild  Fowle.  Guanas,  in  fashion  like  a 
Serpent.  Crosse  set  up  at  Chesupioc  Bay.  Strange 
manner  of  Dancing.  Savages  make  resistance. 
Villany  pretended.  Most  famous  River.  A  Fort 
builded  Triangle  wise.  Devillish  gestures  with 
Hellish  noyse.      Kinistone  starved  to  death. 


CHAP.    III. 

The   Description   of  Virginia   by  Captaine  John    Smith, 

inlarged  out  of  his  written  Notes.    ....       420 

Good  temperature  of  the  Country.  Mountaines  of  divers 
natures.  Many  plaine  Marishes.  Convenient  Har- 
bor :  Store  of  Sturgeon.  River  inhabited  on  both 
sides.  Strange  people  in  attire.  Arrowes  five 
quarters  long. 

Of  such  things  which  are  naturall  in  Virginia,  and  how 

they  use  them 429 

Three  sorts  of  Plnmmes.      Small   fmit  on  which   many 
live.      Strange  beasts.      Sundry  sorts  of  Beasts, 
ziii 


THE  TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  '^cb 

Of  their  planted   Fruits  in  Virginia,  and  how  they  use 

them 435 

Great  plenty  of  fruits.     Pumpions  planted  amongst  Come. 

Of  the  naturall  Inhabitants  of  Virginia,  and  their  Customes,       438 

Women  Barbers.  Attire,  Mantles ;  Copper  Beades,  Chaines, 
Bracelets.  Round  Targets  for  the  Warres.  Savages 
hunting.  Food  conduct  and  assistance;  Instruments 
of  Musicke.     Trading  for  Copper. 

Of  their  Religion. 449 

Priests  Ornaments.  Strange  passions.  Dancing  with 
Rattles  and  Shouts.      Beliefe  of  the  Werowance. 

Of  the  manner  of  the  Virginians  Government.         .  454 

Monarchiall  government.  Ceruine  Images.  Tribute  paid. 
Many  men  slaine,  with  strange  promises.  Savages 
furie. 


CHAP.   IIII. 

The  proceedings  of  the  English  Colonie  in  Virginia,  taken 
faithfully  out  of  the  writings  of  Thomas  Studley, 
Cape-Merchant,  Anas  Todkill,  Doctor  Russell, 
Nathaniel  Powell,  William  Phetiplace,  and  Richard 
Pot,  Richard  Wiffin,  Tho.  Abbay,  Tho.  Hope; 
and  since  enlarged  out  of  the  Writings  of  Captaine 
John  Smith,  principall  Agent  and  Patient  in  these 
Virginian  Occurrents,  from  the  beginning  of  the 
Plantation  1606.  till  Anno  1 6 10.  somewhat  abbrevi- 
ated  459 

Letters  Patents  for  establishing  a  Counsell.  A  Fort  con- 
trived. Rivers  Navigable.  Rocks  and  lies.  First 
planters  in  Virginia.  Unexpected  plentie.  Begin- 
ning of  Trade.  Winter  Fowles.  George  Casson 
surprized.  Hellish  Notes.  Many  Snakes  and  Weasels. 
Circle  of  Meale.  Platters  of  Bread.  Fowle  and 
wilde  Beasts.  Smiths  libertie.  Undervaluing  our 
Commodities.  Powhatans  speech.  Store  of  Oate- 
xiv 


THE  TABLE 

The  Contents  of  the  Chapters — Continued.  ^aci 

meale.  Meale  and  Come.  Amboscadoes.  Messen- 
gen  sent  to  make  excuse.  Great  and  furious  assault. 
Volley  of  Muskets.  Woods  laid  with  Ambuscadoes. 
Fish  plentie.  Stingray  very  hurtful!.  Fireworkes. 
Presents  of  Venison.  Beares-flesh.  &c  Capuine 
adored  by  the  Savages.  The  Savages  attempt.  Dan- 
cing and  singing.  Safe  arrivall.  Boates  trimmed  for 
trade.  Strange  Discovery.  Potsticke.  Message  of 
the  Presents  sent.  Horrible  feare.  Supposed  Mines. 
Trees  thunder.      Lowd  Oathes.      Private  Factors. 

The  Proceeding  and  Accidents,  with  the  second  supply.        502 

First  Marriage  in  Virginia.  A  Substitute  left ;  plenty  of 
victuals.  Salt  Ice  melted.  Demand  of  Swords  and 
Gunnes.  Vow  kept.  Many  promises.  Powhatans 
wicked  intent.  Colourable  excuse.  Newes  of  being 
betrayed.  Generall  resolution.  Doore  guarded. 
Commodities  brought  in.  Boat  lunke.  Fields  en- 
vironed. Savages  flight.  Unhappy  Discovery. 
Ambuscado  laid  for  Captaine  Smith.  Negligent 
guard.  Savage  smothered.  Powhaun  affrighted. 
Store  of  Sturgeon.  Case  argued.  Many  billeted 
among  the  Savages.  Wicked  practice.  Savages  offer 
of  amitie.  Mutinie.  Breach  of  peace.  Powhatan 
sold.  Mutinies.  Cap.  Smith  fired  and  drowned. 
Government  usurped.  Pocahontas  kindnesse  to  Cap- 
tane  Smith.  Captaine  Da  vies  arrivall.  Mortall 
wounds.     Hard  incounter.     Savages  kind  usage. 


XV 


ILLUSTRATION 

PAGE 

Qptaine  John  Smithy  His  Map  of  Virginia,    .         .      540 


ZV11 


THE    EIGHTEENTH   VOLUME 


or 


Purchas   His   Pilgrimes 

Contayning   Voyages   to   and   Land -Travels   in 
Florida,   Virginia  and  other  parts  of  the 
IsTortherne  America.    French  Plantings, 
Spanish   Supplantings,   English -Vir- 
ginian Voyages  &  to  the  Islands 
Azores,  with  the  Description 
of  Virginia 


A.D. 

I540. 


§.  11. 

Sotos  further  Discoveries  in  Florida  and  manifold 

various  Adventures  till  hee  came  to  Tulla. 

IHe  Governour  departed  from  Cutifa  Chiqui  the 
third  day  of  May.     And  because  the  Indians  had 
revolted,  and  the  will  of  the  Ladie  was  perceived, 
that  if  shee  could,  shee  would  depart  without  giving  any 
Guides  or  men  for  burdens,  for  the  wrongs  which  the 
Christians   had  done  to  the  Indians:    (for  there  never 
want  some  among  many  of  a  base  sort,  that  for  a  little 
gaine   doe    put    themselves   and   others   in    danger    of 
undoing.)     The  Governour  commanded  her  to  be  kept  Baggage  of  the 
in  safegard,  and  carried  with  him,  not  with  so  good  usage  Oampe. 
as  shee  deserved  for  the  good  will  she  shewed.     And  he 
carried  her  on  foot  with  his  bond-women  to  looke  unto 
her.     In  all  the  Townes  where  the  Governour  passed, 
the  Lady  commanded  the  Indians  to  come  and  carrie  the  [IV.  viii. 
burdens    from    one   Towne    to    another.      Wee   passed  iS39«] 

through  her  Countrie  an  hundred  leagues,  in  which,  as 
wee  saw,  shee  was  much  obeyed.     For  the  Indians  did 
all  that  shee  commanded  them  with  great  efficacie  and 
diligence.     In  seven  dayes  space  the  Governour  came 
to  a  Province  called  Chalaque,  the  poorest  Countrie  of  Chalaque 
Maiz  that  was  scene  in  Florida.     The  Indians  fed  upon  ^^^  dayes 
Roots  and  Herbes  which  they  seeke  in  the  fields,  and  upon  ^q!^^^^ 
wilde   beasts,   which    they   kill   with   their   Bowes   and  ^^' 

Arrowes:  and  it  is  a  very  gentle  people.  All  of  them 
goe  naked,  and  are  very  leane.  There  was  a  Lord,  which 
lor  a  great  Present,  brought  the  Governour  two  Deeres 

XVIII  I  A 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1540. 

skinnes:  and  there  were  in  that  Countrie  many  wilde 
700.  Hem.  Hens.  In  one  Towne  they  made  him  a  Present  of  seven 
hundred  Hens,  and  so  in  other  Townes  they  sent  him 
those  which  they  had  or  coxild  get.  From  this  Province 
XuaUafivi  to  another,  which  is  called  XuaUa,  hee  spent  five  dayes : 
daje$  ^.  here  he  found  very  little  Maiz ;  and  for  this  cause,  though 
the  people  were  wearied,  and  the  horses  very  weake,  hee 
stayed  no  more  but  two  dayes.  From  Ocute  to  Cutifa- 
chiqui  may  bee  some  hundred  and  thirtie  leagues,  whereof 
eightie  are  Wildemesse.  From  Cutifa-chiqui  to  Xualla, 
two  hundred  and  fiftie,  and  it  is  an  Hilly  Countrie.  The 
Governour  departed  from  Xualla  toward  Guaxule:  he 
Rough  and  passed  very  rough  and  high  hils.  In  that  journey,  the 
high  Hk.  Lady  of  Cutifa-chiqui  ^whom  the  Governour  carried  wiA 
him,  as  is  aforesaid,  witn  purpose  to  carrie  her  to  Guaxule, 
because  her  Territorie  reached  thither)  going  on  a  day 
with  the  bond-women  which  lead  her,  went  out  of  the 
way,  and  entred  into  a  Wood,  saying,  shee  went  to  case 
her  selfe,  and  so  shee  deceived  them,  and  hid  her  selfe 
in  the  Wood;  and  though  they  sought  her  they  could 
not  find  her.  She  carri^  away  with  her  a  little  chest 
made  of  Canes  in  manner  of  a  Coffer,  which  they  call 
Petaca,  full  of  unbored  Pearles.  Some  which  could  judge 
of  them,  said,  that  they  were  of  great  value.  An  Indian 
woman  that  waited  on  her  did  carrie  them.  The 
Governour  not  to  discontent  her  altogether,  left  them 
with  her,  making  account  that  in  Guaxme  he  would  aske 
them  of  her,  when  he  gave  her  leave  to  retume :  which 
Coffer  shee  carried  away,  and  went  to  Xualla  with  three 
slaves  which  fled  from  the  Campe,  and  one  Horseman 
which  remained  behind,  who  fafling  sicke  of  an  Ague 
went  out  of  the  way,  and  was  lost.  This  man,  whose 
name  was  Alimamos,  dealt  with  the  slaves  to  change  their 
eviU  purpose,  and  returne  with  him  to  the  Christians: 
which  two  of  them  did;  and  Alimamos  and  they  over- 
tooke  the  Governour  fiftie  leagues  from  thence  in  a 
Province  called  Chiaha;  and  reported  how  the  Lady 
remayned  in  Xualla  with  a  slave  of  Andrew  de  Vascon- 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1540. 

cellos  which  woxild  not  come  backe  with  them,  and  that 

of  a  certaintie  they  lived  as  man  and  wife  together,  and 

meant  to  goe  both  to  Cutifa-chiqui.     Within  five  dayes 

the  Govemour  came  to  Guaxule.     The   Indians  there  Guaxukfive 

gave  him  a  Present  of  three  hundred  Dogges,  because  *^^'S^ 

they  saw  the  Christians  esteeme  them,  and  sought  them 

to  feed  on  them:   for  among  them  they  are  not  eaten. 

In  Guaxule,  and  all  that  way,  was  very  little  Maiz.     The 

Govemour  sent  from  thence  an  Indian  with  a  message 

to  the  Cacique  of  Chiaha,  to  desire  him  to  gather  some 

Maiz  thither,  that  he  might  rest  a  few  dayes  in  Chiaha. 

The   Governour   departed   firom   Guaxule,   and   in   two 

dayes  joxu-ney  came  to  a  Towne  called  Canasagua.     There  Canasagua 

met  him  on  the  way  twentie  Indians  everv  one  loaden  ^^  dayes 

with  a  basket  full  of^  Mulberies :  for  there  oe  many,  and  '^q^^^J^^  ^f 

those   very   good,    firom   Cutifa-chiqui   thither,   and   so  Muiberie  trees 

forward  in  other  Provinces,  and  also  Nuts  and  Plums,  tomahsilke. 

And  the  trees  grow  in  the  fields  without  planting  or 

dressing  them,  and  are  as  bigge  and  as  ranke,  as  though 

they  grew  in  Gardens  digg^  and  watered.     From  the 

time  that  the  Governour  departed  firom  Canasagua,  he 

journied  five  dayes  through  a  Desert;   and  two  leagues 

before  he  came  to  Chiaha,  there  met  him  fifteene  In(£ans 

loaden  with  Maiz,  which  the  Cacique  had  sent ;  and  they 

told  him  on  his  behalfe,  that  he  waited  his  comming  witli 

twentie  Barnes  full  of  it ;   and  &rther,  that  himseue,  his 

Countrie,  and  subjects,  and  all  things  else  were  at  his 

service.     On  the  fift  day  of  June,  the  Governour  entred 

into  Chiaha:  The  Cacique  voided  his  owne  houses,  in 

which  hee  lodged,  and  received  him  with  much  joy. 

There  was  in   this  Towne  much  Butter  in   Gourds 
melted  like  Oyle:   they  said  it  was  the  fat  of  fieares.  The  fat  of 
There  was  found  also  great  store  of  Oyle  of  Walnuts,  ^^^^^^^ 
which  was  cleere  as  Butter,  and  of  a  good  taste,  and  a  ^^"L 
pot  full  of  Honie  of  Bees,  which  neither  before  nor  after-  ^^«  of  Bees, 
ward  was  scene  in  all  the  Countrie.     The  Towne  was  in  CMaba  seated 
an  Hand  betweene  two  armes  of  a  River,  and  was  seated  ^*«  ^»  ^^»^- 
nigh  one  of  them.     The  River  divideth  it  selfe  into  those 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1540. 

two  branches  two  Crosse-bow  shot  above  the  Towne,  and 

meeteth  ag^aine  a  league  beneath  the  same.     The  plaine 

betweene  both  the  branches  is  sometimes  one  Crosse-bow 

shot,  sometimes  two  Crosse-bow  shot  over.     The  branches 

are  very  broad,  and  both  of  them  may  be  waded  over. 

There  were  all  along  them  very  good  Medowes,  and 

many  fields  sowne  with  Maiz.     And  because  the  Indians 

stayed  in  their  Towne,  the  Governour  only  lodged  in  the 

houses  of  the  Cacique,  and  his  people  in  the  fields ;  where 

there  was  ever  a  tree,  every  one  tooke  one  for  himselfe. 

Thus  the  Campe  lay  separated  one  from  another,  and  out 

of  order.     The  Governour  winked   at   it,   because   the 

Indians  were  in  peace,  and  because  it  was  very  hot,  and 

the  people  shoula  have  suffered  great  extremitie,  if  it  had 

not  beene  so.     The  horses  came  thither  so  weake,  that  for 

feeblenesse,  they  were  not  able  to  carry  their  Masters: 

because  that  from  Cutila-chiqui,  they  alwayes  travelled 

with  very  little  Provender,  and  were  hunger-starved  and 

Ocuu^     ^^^^  ^^^^  ^^^^^  ^^^y  came  from  the  Desert  of  Ocute- 

chap.  8.  And  because  the  most  of  them  were  not  in  case  to  use  in 

[IV.  viii.        battell,  though  need  shovdd  require,  they  sent  them  to 

1540-]  feed  in  the  night  a  quarter  of  a  league  from  the  Campe. 

The  Christians  were  there  in  great  danger,  because  that 

if  at  this  time  the  Indians  had  set  upon  them,  they  had 

beene  in  evill  case  to  have  defended  themselves.     The 

Thirtiedayes   Govemour  rested   there   thirtie   dayes,    in   which   time, 

rest.  because  the  Countrie  was  very  fruitfiill,  the  horses  grew 

fet.     A  Cacique  of  a  Province  called  Coste,  came  to  this 

Towne  to  visit  the  Governour.     After  he  had  oflFered 

himselfe,  and  passed  with  him  some  words  of  tendring 

his   service   and   courtesie;    the   Governor   asking   him 

whether  he  had  notice  of  any  rich  Countrie  ?  he  said,  yea : 

to  wit,  that  toward  the  North,  there  was  a  Province  named 

Mines  of        Chisca :  and  that  there  was  a  melting  of  Copper,  and  of 

^dincLca  ^^^^^^^  metal  of  the  same  colour,  save  that  it  was  finer, 

toward the^     and  of  a  far  more  perfect  colour,  and  far  better  to  the 

North,  sight ;  and  that  they  used  it  not  so  much,  because  it  was 

softer.     And  the  selfe  same  thing  was  told  the  Governour 

4 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1540. 
in  Cutiia-chiqui ;   where  we  saw  some  little  Hatchets  of  Haukets  of 
Copper,  which  were  said  to  have  a  mixture  of  Gold.     But  Copper  kdd- 
in  that  part  the  Countrie  was  not  wel  peopled,  and  they  '"^ 
said  there  were  Mountaines,  which  the  horses  could  not 
passe:  and  for  that  cause,  the  Governour  would  not  goc 
from  Cutifa-chiqui  directly  thither :  And  he  made  account,  C^ca  is 
that  travelling  through  a  peopled  Countrie,  when  his  men  ^^'^  ^.^'^ 
and  horses  should  bee  in  better  plight,  and  hee  were  better  ■^^^.  ^{^\ 
certified  of  the  truth  of  the  thmg,  he  wovdd  returne  istoiddntwo 
toward  it,  by  Mountaines,  and  a  better  inhabited  Countrie,  ddes  of  Santa 
whereby  he  might  have  better  passage.     He  sent  two  ^^^v. 
Christians  from  Chiaha,  with  certain  Indians  which  knew  ^^gfj^^^f^ 
the  Countrie  of  Chisca,  and  the  language  thereof  to  view  chiaha  to 
it,  and  to  make  report  of  that  which  they  should  find ;  seeh  CMsca, 
where  he  told  them  that  he  would  tarrie  for  them. 

In  seven  dayes  he  came  to  Coste.     The  second  of  July  Coste  seven 
he  commanded  his  Campe  to  be  pitched  two  Crosse-bow  dayes  from 
shot  from  the  Towne :  and  with  eight  men  of  his  guard  ^^^' 
he  went   where  hee  found  the  Cacique,   which   to   his  ** 

thinking  received  him  with  great  love.  As  he  was 
talking  with  him,  there  went  from  the  Campe  certaine 
Footmen  to  the  Towne  to  seeke  some  Maiz,  and  not 
contented  with  it,  they  ransacked  and  searched  the  houses, 
and  took  what  they  found.  With  this  despite  the  Indians 
began  to  rise  and  to  take  their  armes :  and  some  of  them 
with  cudgels  in  their  hands,  ranne  upon  five  or  sixe 
Christians,  which  had  done  them  wrong,  and  beat  them 
at  their  pleasure.  The  Governour  seeing  them  all  in  an 
uprore,  and  himselfe  among  them  with  so  few  Christians, 
to  escape  their  hands  used  a  stratagem,  farre  against  his  A  wise 
owne  disposition,  being,  as  he  was,  very  franke  and  open :  Stratagem. 
and  though  it  grieved  him  very  much  that  any  Indian 
should  bee  so  bold,  as  with  reason,  or  without  reason  to 
despise  the  Christians,  he  tooke  up  a  cudgell,  and  tooke 
their  parts  against  his  owne  men;  which  was  a  meanes 
to  quiet  them :  And  presently  hee  sent  word  by  a  man 
very  secretly  to  the  Campe,  that  some  armed  men  should 
come  toward  the  place  where  he  was ;   and  he  tooke  the 


A.D. 
1540. 


Those  tvAich 
were  sent  to 
seeks  Chisca 
retume. 
High 

Mwnunnes. 
A  Rttkpoore 
Totone. 

AnOxeHide 
with  hmre  Tike 
woolL 
cap,  215. 
saith  so, 

TaB^  me  day 
jTotii  Coste. 


Many  Tonnes 
of  Co^a. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Cacique  by  the  hand,  using  very  milde  words  unto  him> 
and  with  some  principall  Indians  that  did  accompany  him, 
he  drew  them  out  or  the  Towne  into  a  plaine  way,  and 
unto  the  sight  of  the  Campe,  whither  by  little  and  little 
with  good  discretion  the  Christians  began  to  come  and 
to  gather  about  them.  Thus  the  Governour  led  the 
Cacique,  and  his  chiefe  men  untill  he  entred  with  them 
into  the  Campe :  and  neere  unto  his  Tent,  hee  commanded 
them  to  be  put  in  safe  custodie :  and  told  them,  that  they 
should  not  depart  without  giving  him  a  guide  and  Indians 
for  burthens,  and  till  certaine  sicke  Christians  were  come, 
which  he  had  commanded  to  come  down  the  River  in 
Canoes  from  Chiaha;  and  those  also  which  he  had  sent 
to  the  Province  of  Chisca :  (for  they  were  not  returned ; 
and  he  feared  that  the  Indians  had  slaine  the  one,  and 
the  other.)  Within  three  dayes  after,  those  which  were 
sent  to  Chisca  returned,  and  made  report,  that  the  Indians 
had  carried  them  through  a  Countrie  so  poore  of  Maiz, 
and  so  rough,  and  over  so  high  Mountaynes,  that  it  was 
impossible  for  the  Armie  to  travell  that  way;  and  that 
seeing  the  way  grew  very  long,  and  that  they  lingred 
much,  they  consulted  to  returne  from  a  little  poore  Towne, 
where  they  saw  nothing  that  was  of  any  profit,  and  brought 
an  Oxe  hide,  which  the  Indians  gave  them,  as  thin  as  a 
calves  skin,  and  the  haire  like  a  soft  wool,  betweene  the 
course  and  fine  wooll  of  sheepe.  The  Cacique  gave  a 
guide,  and  men  for  burdens,  and  departed  with  the 
Governours  leave.  The  Governour  departed  from  Coste 
the  ninth  of  July,  and  lodged  at  a  Towne  called  Tali. 

The  Cacique  commanded  provision  necessary  for  two 
dayes,  while  the  Governour  was  there,  to  be  brought 
thither:  and  at  the  time  of  his  departure,  he  gave  him 
foure  women  and  two  men,  which  he  had  need  of  to 
beare  burthens.  The  Governour  travelled  sixe  dayes 
through  many  Townes  subject  to  the  Cacique  of  Co^a : 
and  as  he  entred  into  his  Countrie  many  Indians  came 
unto  him  every  day  from  the  Cacique,  and  met  him  on 
the  way  with  messages,  one  going,  and  another  comming. 

6 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO 

1540. 

He  came  to  Co^a  upon  Friday,  the  sixe  and  twentieth  of  C^a 
July.    The  Cacique  came  forth  to  receive  him,  two  Crosse-  ^^  *^- 
bow  shot  from  the  Towne  in  a  chaire,  which  his  principall 
men  carried  on  their  shoulders,  sitting  upon  a  cushion, 
and  covered  with  a  garment  of  Marterns,  of  the  fashion  Martemi. 
and  bignesse  of  a  womans  Huke :  hee  had  on  his  head  a 
Diadem  of  feathers,  and  round  about  him  many  Indians 
playing  upon  Flutes,  and  singing. 

There  was  in  the  Barnes,  and  in  the  fields  great  store 
of  Maiz  and  French  Beanes :  The  Countrie  was  greatly 
inhabited  with  many  great  Townes,  and  many  sowne  fields,  Mioiy  gnat 
which  reached  from  the  one  to  the  other.     It  was  pleasant,  T^'p. 
fet,  full  of  good  Meadowes  upon  Rivers.     There  were  frus^ef^vers 
in  the  fields  many  Plum-trees,  as  well  of  such  as  grow  in  gorts. 
Spaine,  as  of  the  Countrie :   and  wild  tall  Vines,  that  [IV.  viii. 
runne  up  the  trees;   and  besides  these,  there  were  other  '54'-] 

low  Vines  with  bigge  and  sweet  Grapes ;  but  for  want  Two  sorts  of 
of  digging  and  dressing,  they  had  great  kernels  in  them.  ^''^^• 
The  Govemour  used  to  set  a  guard  over  the  Caciques,  ^^' 
because  they  should  not  absent  themselves,  and  carried 
them  with  him,  till  he  came  out  of  their  Countries: 
because  that  carrying  them  along-  with  him,  he  looked  to 
find  people  in  the  Townes,  and  they  gave  him  guides, 
and  men  to  carrie  burdens :  and  before  hee  went  out  of 
their  Countries,  hee  gave  them  license  to  retume  to  their 
houses,  and  to  their  Porters  likewise,  assoone  as  hee  came 
to  any  other  Lordshippe,  where  they  gave  him  others. 
The  men  of  Co^a  seeing  their  Lord  detained,  tooke  it  in 
evill  part,  and  revolted,  and  hid  themselves  in  the  Woods, 
aswell  those  of  the  Towne  of  the  Cacique,  as  those  of  the 
other  Townes  of  his  principall  subjects.  The  Governour 
sent  out  foure  Captaines,  every  one  his  way  to  seeke 
thenoL  They  tooke  many  men  and  women,  which  were 
put  into  chaines:  They  seeing  the  hurt  which  they 
received,  and  how  little  they  gained  in  absenting  them- 
selves, came  againe,  promising  to  doe  whatsoever  they 
were  commanded. 
The  Governor  rested  in  Co^a  five  and  twentie  dayes. 


I 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1540. 

lo.  of  August.  He  departed  from  thence  the  twentieth  of  August  to 
seeke  a  Province  called  Tascaluca:  he  carried  with  him 
the  Cacique  of  Co^a.     Hee  passed  that  day  by  a  great 

TaiBmuchasej  Towne  called  Tallimuchase,  the  people  were  fled:   hee 

aff'Mt  lodged  halfe  a  league  farther  neere  a  Brooke.     The  next 

r/wtf  ^^y  ^^  ^"^^  ^^  *  Towne  called  Ytava,  subject  to  Co^a. 

A  mat  River.  ^^  Stayed  there  sixe  dayes  because  of  a  River  that  passed 
by  itj  which  at  that  time  was  very  high ;  and  assoone  as 
the  River  suffered  him  to  passe,  he  set  forward,  and  lodged 

UlRbahaB.  at  a  Towne  named  Ullibahali.  There  came  to  him  on 
the  way,  on  the  Caciques  behalfe  of  that  Province,  ten 
or  twelve  principall  Indians  to  offer  him  his  service ;  all 
of  them  had  their  plumes  of  feathers,  and  Bowes  and 
Arrowes.  The  Governour  comming  to  the  Towne  with 
twelve  Horsemen,  and  some  Footmen  of  his  Guard, 
leaving  his  people  a  Crosse-bow  shot  from  the  Towne, 
entred  into  it,  hee  found  all  the  Indians  with  their 
weapons :  and  as  farre  as  he  could  ghesse,  they  seemed  to 
have  some  evill  meaning.  It  was  knowne  afterward,  that 
they  were  determined  to  take  the  Cacique  of  Co^a  from 
the  Governour,  if  he  had  requested  it.  The  Governour 
commanded  all  his  people  to  enter  the  Towne,  which  was 

UlRhahafi       walled  about,  and  neere  unto  it  passed  a  small  River. 

toalkdahouL    The  wall,  aswell  of  that,  as  of  others,  which  afterward 

Srfr^^jT  ^  ^^  ^^'  ^^^  ^^  8^^^  P^^^^  thrust  decpe  into  the  ground 
and  very  rough,  and  many  long  railes  as  bigge  as  ones 
armes  laid  acrosse  betweene  them,  and  the  waS  was  about 
the  height  of  a  Lance,  and  it  was  daubed  within  and 
without  with  clay,  and  had  loop-holes.  On  the  other  side 
of  the  River  was  a  Towne,  where  at  that  present  the 
Cacique  was.  The  Governour  sent  to  call  him,  and  he 
came  presently.  After  he  had  passed  with  the  Governour 
some  words  of  offering  his  services,  he  gave  him  such 
men  for  his  carriages  as  he  needed,  and  thirtie  women  for 
slaves.  In  that  pmce  was  a  Christian  lost,  called  Man^ano, 
borne   in   Salamanca,  of  noble  Parentage,   which   went 

Great  store  of  astray  to  seeke  for  Grapes,  whereof  there  is  great  store, 
good  Grapes.     ^^  ^^Qg^  y^  g^^j 

8 


FERDINANDO   DE   SOTO  ad. 

1540. 

The  day  that  the  Governour  departed  from  thence,  he 
lodged  at  a  Towne  subject  to  the  Lord  of  Ullibahali: 
and  die  next  day  hec  came  to  another  Towne  called  Toasi.  Toast. 
The  Indians  gave  the  Governour  thirtie  women,  and  such 
men   for   his    carriages   as   hee    needed.     He    travelled  liutraviUed 
ordinarily  five  or  sixe  leagues  a  day  when  he  travelled  ^^^^^M^ 
through  peopled  Countries:  and  going  through  Deserts,  ^^^   ^^^ 
he  marched  as  fast  as  he  could,  to  eschew  the  want  of 
Maiz.     From  Toasi,  passing  through  some  Townes  sub- 
ject to  a  Cacique,  wmch  was  Lord  of  a  Province  called 
Tallise,  he  travelled  five  dayes :  He  came  to  Tallise  the  TalBsgagnat 
ei&[hteenth  of  September:    The  Towne  was  great,  and  P«^- 
siSiated  neerc  unto  a  maine  River.     On  the  other  side  ^^'''- 
of  the  River  were  other  Townes,  and  many  fields  sowne  ^vw'. 
with   Maiz.     On   both   sides   it   was   a   very   plentifuU 
Countrie,  and  had  store  of  Maiz:  they  had  voided  the 
Towne.     The  Governour  commanded  to  call  the  Cacique ; 
who  came,  and  betweene  them  passed  some  words  of  love 
and  offer  of  his  services,  and  he  presented  unto  him  fortie 
Indians.     There  came  to  the  Governour  in  this  Towne  a 
prindpall    Indian    in    the    behalfe    of    the   Cacique    of 
Tascaluca. 

After  hee  had  rested  there  twenty  dayes,  hee  departed 
thence  toward  Tascaluca.  That  day  when  he  went  from 
Talisse,  he  lodged  at  a  great  Towne  caUed  Casiste.  And  Casisti  a 
the  next  day  passed  by  another,  and  came  to  a  small  gr^^Totfme. 
Towne  of  Tascaluca ;  and  the  next  day  hee  camped  in  a  Tascakca. 
Wood  two  leagues  from  the  Towne  where  the  Cacique 
resided,  and  was  at  that  time.  And  he  sent  the  Master 
of  the  Campe,  Luys  de  Moscoso,  with  fifteene  Horsemen, 
to  let  him  knowe  how  he  was  comming.  The  Cacique 
was  in  his  Lod^ngs  under  a  Canopie :  and  without  doores, 
right  against  his  Lodgings,  in  an  high  place,  they  spread 
a  Mat  for  him,  and  two  Cushions  one  upon  another, 
where  he  sate  him  downe,  and  his  Indians  placed  them- 
selves round  about  him,  somewhat  distant  from  him,  so 
that  they  made  a  place,  and  a  voide  roome  where  hee 
sate :  and  his  chiefest  men  were  neerest  to  him,  and  one 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1540. 

with  a  shadow  of  Decres  skitine,  which  kept  the  Sunne 
from  him,  being  round,  and  of  the  bignesse  of  a  Target, 
quartered  with  blacke  and  white,  having  a  rundell  in  the 
middest :  afarre  off  it  seemed  to  be  of  Taffata,  because 
the  colours  were  very  perfect.  It  was  set  on  a  small 
staffe  stretched  wide  out.  This  was  the  device  which 
he  carried  in  his  warres.  He  was  a  man  of  a  very  tall 
stature,  of  great  limmes,  and  spare  and  well  proportioned, 
and  was  much  feared  of  his  neighbours  and  subjects. 
[IV.  viii.  Hee  was  Lord  of  many  Territories  and  much  people :  In 
*54*-]  his  countenance  he  was  grave.  After  the  Master  of  the 
Campe  had  spoken  with  him,  he  and  those  that  went 
with  him  coursed  their  Horses,  pransing  them  to  and 
fro,  and  now  and  then  toward  the  place  where  the  Cacique 
was,  who  with  much  gravitie  and  dissimulation  now  and 
then  lifted  up  his  eyes,  and  beheld  them  as  it  were  with 
disdaine.  At  the  Governours  comming,  hee  made  no 
offer  at  all  to  rise.  The  Governour  tooke  him  by  the 
hand,  and  both  of  them  sate  down  together  on  a  scate 
which  was  under  the  Cloth  of  Estate. 

When  he  departed  from  thence,  he  determined  to  carrie 

him  along  with  him  for  some  causes,  and  at  two  dayes 

Pidche.  journey  he  came  to  a  Towne  called  Piache,  by  wiiich  there 

AgreatRtper.  passed  a  great  River.     The  Governour  demanded  Canoas 

of  the  Indians:  they  said,  they  had  them  not,  but  that 

they  would  make  Rafts  of  canes  and  drie  timber,  on  which 

hee  might  passe  well  enough :  And  they  made  them  with 

all  diligence  and  speed,  and  they  governed  them;    and 

because  the  water  went  very  slowc,  the  Governour  and  his 

people  passed  very  well. 

The  couru  of       From  the  Port  de  Spirito  Santo  to  Apalache,  which  is 

^1^  aT-^^'    about  an  hundred  leagues,  the  Governour  went  from  East 

^ppea^tAthat  to  West :  and  from  Apalache  to  Cutifa-chiqui,  which  are 

hejtmmejid    foiire  hundred  and  thirtie  leagues,  from  the  South-west 

not fam from  to  the  North-east :    and  from  Cutifa-chiqui  to  Xualla, 

Firg^ma.        which  are  about  two  hundred  and  fiftie  leagues,  from  the 

South  to  the  North :  and  from  Xualla  to  Tascaluca,  which 

are  two  hundred  and  fiftie  leagues  more,  an  hundred  and 

10 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  ad. 

1540. 
ninety  of  them  he  travelled  from  East  to  West,  to  wit,  to 
the  Province  of  Co9a :  and  the  other  sixtie  from  Co^a  to 
Tascaluca,  from  the  North  to  the  South. 

Having  passed  the  River  of  Piache,  a  Christian  went 
from  his  companie  from  thence  to  seeke  a  woman-slave 
tiiat  was  runne  away  from  him,  and  the  Indians  either 
tooke  him  captive,  or  slue  him.     The  Governour  lirged 
the  Cacique  that  he  should  give  account  of  him,  and 
threatned  him,  that  if  he  were  not  found,  he  would  never 
let  him  loose.     The  Cacique  sent  an  Indian  from  thence 
to  Mavilla,  whither  they  were  travelling,  which  was  a 
Towne  of  a  principall  Indian  and  his  subject,  saying,  that 
he  sent  him  to  advise  them  to  make  ready  victuals,  and 
men  for  carriages.     But  (as  afterward  appeared)  he  sent 
him  to  assemble  all  the  men  of  warre  thither,  that  hee 
had  in   his    countrie.     The   Governour  travelled   three 
dayes;  and   the  third  day  he  passed  all  day  thorow  a 
peopled  Countrie :  and  he  came  to  Mavilla  upon  Monday  Mavilla. 
the  eighteenth  of  October.     He  went  before  the  Campe  18.  of 
with  mteenc  Horsemen,  and  thirtie  Footmen.     And  from  ^r^r. 
the  Town  came  a  Christian,  whom  he  had  sent  to  the 
principall  man,  three  or  foure  dayes  before,  because  he 
should  not  absent  himselfe,  and  also  to  learne  in  what 
sort  the  Indians  were:  who  told  him,  that  he  thought 
they  were  in  an  evill  purpose:  for  while  he  was  there, 
there  came   many  people  into   the  Towne,   and  many 
weapons,  and  that  they  made  great  haste  to  fortifie  the  Mmdlla 
wall.    Luys  de  Moscoso  told  the  Governo\ir,  that  it  would  wjZfei/. 
bee  good  to  lodge  in  the  field,  seeing  the  Indians  were 
of  such  disposition:    and  he  answered,  that  he  would 
lodge  in  the  Towne,  for  he  was  weary  of  lodging  in  the 
field.    When  he  came  neere  unto  the  Towne,  the  Cacique 
came  forth   to  receive  him  with  many  Indians  playing 
upon  Flutes  and  singing :  and  after  hee  had  oflFered  him- 
selfe, he  presented  him  with  three  mantles  of  Martems.  Three  mautles 
The  Governour,  with  both  the  Caciques,  and  seven  or  of  Martems. 
ciffht  men  of  his  guard,  and  three  or  foure  Horsemen, 
which  alighted  to  accompanie  him,  entred  into  the  Towne, 

II 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1540. 

and  sate  him  downe  under  a  Cloth  of  Estate.  The 
Cacique  of  Tascaluca  requested  him,  that  he  would  let 
him  remaine  in  that  Towne,  and  trouble  him  no  more 
with  travelling :  and  seeing  he  would  not  give  him  leave, 
in  his  talke  hee  changed  his  purpose,  and  dissemblingly 
fained  that  hee  would  speake  with  some  principall  Indians, 
and  rose  up  from  the  place  where  he  sate  with  the 
Governoiir,  and  entred  into  a  house,  where  many  Indians 
were  with  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes.  The  Govemour 
when  he  saw  he  returned  not,  called  him,  and  he  answered, 
that  he  would  not  come  out  from  thence,  neither  would  hee 
goe  any  further  then  that  Towne,  and  that  if  he  would 
goe  his  way  in  peace,  hee  should  presently  depart,  and 
should  not  seeke  to  carrie  him  perforce  out  of  his  Countrie 
and  Territorie. 

Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  which  stood  by,  tooke  hold  of  a 

A  gwm  of  Gowne  of  Martems  which  hee  had  on ;  and  he  cast  it  over 

Martems.    ^jg  head,  and  left  it  in  his  hands :   and  because  all  of  them 

immediatly  began  to  stirre,  Baltasar  de  Gallegos  gave  him 

such  a  wound  with  his  Goutilas,  that  hee  opened  him 

downe  the  backe,  and  presently  all  the  Indians  with  a 

¥eat  crie  came  out  of  the  houses  shooting  their  Arrowes, 
he  Governour  considering,  that  if  he  taried  tho-e,  he 
could  not  escape,  and  if  he  commanded  his  men  to  come 
in,  which  were  without  the  Towne,  the  Indians  within 
the  houses  might  kill  their  Horses,  and  doe  much  hurt, 
ranne  out  of  the  Towne,  and  before  he  came  out,  he 
fell  twice  or  thrice,  and  those  that  were  with  him  did  helpe 
him  up  againe;  and  hee  and  those  that  were  with  him 
were  sore  wounded:  and  in  a  moment  there  were  five 
Christians  slaine  in  the  Towne.  The  Governour  came 
running  out  of  the  Towne,  crying  out,  that  every  man 
should  stand  further  off,  because  from  the  wall  they  did 
them  much  hurt.  The  Indians  seeing  that  the  Christians 
retired,  and  some  of  them,  or  the  most  part,  more  then 
an  ordinarie  pace,  shot  with  great  boldnesse  at  them,  and 
strooke  downe  such  as  they  could  overtake.  The  Indians 
which  the  Christians  did  leade  with  them  in  chaines,  had 

12 


FERDINANDO   DE   SOTO  a.d. 

1540. 

laid  down  their  burthens  neere  xinto  the  wall :  and  assoone 
as  the  Govemour  and  his  men  were  retired,  the  men  of 
Mavilla  laid  them  on  the  Indians  backes  againe,  and  tooke 
them  into  the  Towne,  and  loosed  them  presently  from 
their  chaines,  and  gave  them  Bowes  and  Arrowes  to  fight  [IV.  viii. 
withail.     Thus    they   possessed   themselves   of   all   the  '543-] 

Clothes  and  Pearles,  and  all  that  the  Christians  had,  which  Attthiclotkis 
their  slaves  carried.  And  because  the  Indians  had  beene  ^^f^^'^ 
alwaies  peaceable  untill  wee  came  to  this  place,  some  of  ^^^^  ^^^ 
our  men  had  their  weapons  in  their  fardels  and  remained 
unarmed.  And  from  others  that  had  entred  the  Towne 
with  the  Govemour  they  had  taken  Swords  and  Holbards, 
and  fought  with  them.  When  the  Governour  was  gotten 
into  the  field,  he  called  for  an  Horse,  and  with  some  that 
accompanied  him,  he  returned  and  slue  two  or  three 
Indians:  All  the  rest  retired  themselves  to  the  Towne, 
and  shot  with  their  Bowes  from  the  wall.  And  those 
which  presumed  of  their  nimblenesse,  sallied  forth  to  fight 
a  stones  cast  from  the  wall :  And  when  the  Christians 
charged  them,  they  retired  themselves  at  their  leasure 
into  the  Towne.  At  the  time  that  the  broyle  beganne, 
there  were  in  the  Towne  a  Frier,  and  a  Priest,  and  a 
servant  of  the  Govemour,  with  a  woman-slave :  and  they 
had  no  time  to  come  out  of  the  Towne :  and  they  tooke 
an  house,  and  so  remained  in  the  Towne.  The  Indians 
become  Masters  of  the  place,  they  shut  the  doore  with 
a  field  gate :  and  among  them  was  one  Sword  which  the 
Governours  servant  had,  and  with  it  he  set  himselfe  behind 
the  doore,  thrusting  at  the  Indians  which  sought  to  come 
into  them:  and  the  Frier  and  the  Priest  stood  on  the 
other  side,  each  of  them  with  a  barre  in  their  hands  to 
beate  him  downe  that  first  came  in.  The  Indians  seeing 
they  could  not  get  in  by  the  doore,  beganne  to  uncover 
the  house  top.  By  this  time,  all  the  Horsemen  and  Foot- 
men which  were  behind,  were  come  to  Mavilla. 

As  soone  as  the  battel!  and  the  rereward  were  come  to 
Mavilla,  the  Governor  commanded  all  those  that  were 
best  armed  to  alight,  and  made  foure  squadrons  of  Foot- 

13 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1540. 

men.  The  Indians  seeing  how  he  was  setting  his  men 
A  consultation  in  order  concluded  with  the  Cacioue  that  hee  should  goe 
oftheln^ns  hjg  ^^y^  saying  unto  him,  as  aAer  it  was  knowne  by 
MrC^otti  ^^^^^  women  that  were  taken  there,  that  he  was  but 
one  man,  and  could  fight  but  for  one  man,  and  that  they 
had  there  among  them  many  principall  Indians,  very 
valiant  and  expert  in  feates  of  Armes,  that  any  one  of 
them  was  able  to  order  the  people  there.  The  Govemour 
was  informed  how  there  went  men  out  of  the  Towne,  and 
he  commanded  the  Horsemen  to  beset  it,  and  sent  in 
every  squadron  of  Footmen  one  Souldier  with  a  fire- 
brand to  set  fire  on  the  houses,  that  the  Indians  might 
have  no  defense :  all  his  men  being  set  in  order,  he  com- 
manded an  Harquebuse  to  be  shot  off.  The  signe  being 
given,  the  foure  squadrons,  every  one  by  it  selfe  with 
great  fury,  gave  the  onset,  and  with  great  hurt  on  both 
sides  they  entred  the  Towne.  The  Frier  and  the  Priest, 
and  those  that  were  with  them  in  the  house  were  saved, 
which  cost  the  lives  of  two  men  of  account,  and  valiant, 
which  came  thither  to  succour  them.  The  Indians  fought 
with  such  courage,  that  many  times  they  drave  our  men 
out  of  the  Towne.  The  fight  lasted  so  long,  that  for 
wearinesse  and  great  thirst  many  of  the  Christians  went 
to  a  Poole,  that  was  neere  the  wall,  to  drinke,  which  was 
all  stained  with  the  bloud  of  the  dead,  and  then  came 
againe  to  fight.  The  Governour  seeing  this,  entred 
among  the  Footmen  into  the  Towne  on  horsebake,  with 
certaine  that  accompanied  him,  and  was  a  meane  that  the 
Christians  came  to  set  fire  on  the  houses,  and  brake  and 
overcame  the  Indians,  who  running  out  of  the  Towne 
fi-om  the  Footmen,  the  Horsemen  without  drave  in  at 
the  gates  againe,  where  being  without  all  hope  of  life, 
they  fought  valiantly,  and  after  the  Christians  came  among 
them  to  handy  blowes,  seeing  themselves  in  great  distresse 
without  any  succour,  many  of  them  fled  into  the  burning 
Thi  death  of  ^^^^es,  where  one  upon  another  they  were  smothered 
2500.  and  burnt  in  the  fire.     The  whole  number  of  the  Indians 

InHans,  that  diexi  in  this  Towne,  were  two  thousand  and  five 

14 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.p. 

1540. 
hundred,  little  more  or  lesse.     Of  the  Christians  there 
died  eighteene ;   of  which  one  was  Don  Carlos,  brother 
in  law  to  the  Governour,  and  a  Nephew  of  his,  and  one 
John  de  Gamez,  and  Men  Rodriguez  Portugals,  and  John 
Vazquez  de  ViUanova  de  Barca  Kota,  all  men  of  honour, 
and  of  much  valour:   the  rest  were  Footmen.     Besides 
those  that  were  slaine,  there  were  an  hundred  and  fiftie 
wounded  with  seven  hundred  wounds  of  their  Arrowes : 
and  it  pleased  God  that  of  very  dangerous  wounds  they 
were    quickly   healed.      Moreover,    there    were    twelve 
Horses  slaine,  and  seventy  hurt.     All  the  Clothes  which 
the  Christians  carried  with  them  to  clothe  themselves 
withall,  and  the  ornaments  to  say  Masse,  and  the  Pearles, 
were  all  burnt  there :   and  the  Christians  did  set  them  on 
fire  themselves;    because  they  held  for  a  greater  incon- 
venience, the  hurt  which  the  Indians  might  doe  them 
from  those  houses,  where  they  had  gathered  all  those 
goods  together,  then  the  losse  of  them.     Here  the  Gover- 
nour  understood,  that  Francisco  Maldonado  waited  for 
him  at  the  Port  of  Ochuse,  and  that  it  was  sixe  dayes  The  Port  of 
journey  from  thence;   and  he  dealt  with  John  Ortiz  to  Ochuse 6. 
keepe  it  secret,  because  hee  had  not  accomplished  that  ^'j^*^^ 
which  hee  determined  to  doe;   and  because  the  Pearles 
were  burnt  there,  which  he  meant  to  have  sent  to  Cuba 
for  a  shew,  that  the  people  hearing  the  newes,  might  he 
desirous  to  come  to  that  Countrie. 

From  the  time  that  the  Governoinr  entred  into  Florida, 
untill  his  departure  from  Mavilla,  there  died  an  hundred 
and  two  Christians,  some  of  sicknesse,  and  others  which 
the  Indians  slue.     He  stayed  in  Mavilla,  because  of  the  [IV.  viii. 
wounded  men,  eij^ht  and  twentie  dayes;  all  which  time  1544O 

he  lay  in  the  fiekl.     It  was  a  well  inhabited  and  a  fat 
Countrie,  there  were  some  great  and  walled  Townes :   and  Great  and 
msLny  houses  scattered  all  about  the  fields,  to  wit,  a  Cros-  foalkdToums. 
bow  shot  or  two,  the  one  from  the  other.     Upon  Sunday, 
the  eighteenth  of  November,  when  the  hurt  men  were  iZ.of 
knorwne    to   be   healed,   the   Governour   departed   from  November. 
Mavilla.     Every  one  furnished  himselfe  with  Maiz  for 


A.D. 

I540. 


TaHepatava. 
Cabusto, 
A  great 
River. 


Canavarales. 


Some  Towns. 


A  River. 


December  XT . 
Ckicofa. 


Snotoe  and 
much  cold. 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

two  dayes,  and  they  travelled  five  dayes  through  a  Desart : 
they  came  to  a  Province  called  Pafkllaya,  unto  a  Towne, 
named   Taliepatava:     and   from    thence    they   went    to 
another,  called  Cabusto:     neere  unto  it  ranne  a  great 
River.     The  Indians  on  the  other  side  cried  out,  threat- 
ning  the  Christians  to  kill  them,  if  they  sought  to  passe 
it.    The  Govemour  commanded  his  men  to  make  a  Barge 
within  the  Towne,  because  the  Indians  should  not  perceive 
it :    it  was  finished  in  foure  dayes,  and  being  ended,  hee 
commanded  it  to  bee  carried  one  night  upon  sleds  halfe 
a  leaffue  up  the  River.     In  the  mommg  there  entred  into 
it  thirtie  men  well  armed.     The  Indians  perceived  what 
was  attempted,  and  those  which  were  neerest,  came  to 
defend  the  passage.     They  resisted  what  they  could,  till 
the  Christians  came  neere  them ;  and  seeing  that  the  Barge 
came  to  the  shoarc,  they  fled  away  into  the  Groves  of 
Canes.     The  Christians  mounted  on  Horsebacke,  and 
went  up  the  River  to  make  good  the  passage,  whereby 
the  Govemour  and  his  companie  passed  the  River.     There 
were  along  the  River  some  Townes  well  stored  with  Maiz» 
and  French  Beanes.     From  thence  to  Chica^a  the  Gover- 
nour  travelled  five  dayes  through  a  Desart.     He  came 
to  a  River,  where  on  the  other  sicfe  were  Indians,  to  defend 
the  passage.     He  made  another  Barge  in  two  dayes ;  and 
when  it  was  finished,  the  Governour  sent  an  Indian  to 
request  the  Caci(jue  to  accept  of  his  fi-iendship,  and  peace- 
ably to  expect  his  conuning :   whom  the  Indians  that  were 
on  the  other  side  the  River  slue  before  his  face,  and 
presently  making  a  great  shout  went  their  way.     Having 
passed  the  River,  the  next  day,  being  the  seventeenth  of 
December,  the  Govemour  came  to  Chica^a,  a  small  Towne 
of  twentie  houses.     And  after  they  were  come  to  Chica9a» 
they  were  much  troubled  with  cold,  because  it  was  now 
Winter,  and  it  snowed,  while  most  of  them  were  lodged 
in  the  field,  before  they  had  time  to  make  themselves 
houses.     This  Countrie  was  very  well  peopled,  and  the 
houses  scattered  like  those  of  Mavilla,  fat  and  plentiful! 
of  Maiz,  and  the  most  part  of  it  was  fielding:    they 

i6 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1540. 

gathered  as  much  as  sufficed  to  passe  the  Winter.     Some 

Indians  were  taken,  among^  which  was  one  whom  the 

Cacique  esteemed  greatly.     The  Governour  sent  an  Indian 

to  signifie  to  the  Cacique,  that  hee  desired  to  see  him  and 

to  liave  his  friendship.     The  Cacique  came  unto  him,  to 

offer  him  his  person,  Countrie  and  Subjects,  and  told 

him,  that  he  would  cause  two  other  Caciques  to  come  to 

him  in  peace ;  who  within  few  dayes  after  came  with  him, 

and  wim  their  Indians :   The  one  was  called  Alimamu,  the 

other  Nicala.     They  gave  a  present  unto  the  Governour 

of  an  hundred  and  nftie  Conies,  and  of  the  Countrie  Cwus. 

garments,  to  wit,  of  Mantles  of  skinnes.     The  Cacique 

of  Chica9a  came  to  visite  him  many  times ;  and  sometimes 

the  Governour  sent  to  call  him,  and  sent  him  an  Horse 

to  goe  and  come.     He  complained  unto  him,  that  a 

Subject  of  his  was  risen  a^inst  him,  and  deprived  him 

of  tribute,  requesting  his  aide  against  him,  for  he  meant 

to  seeke  him  in  his  Countrie,  and  to  punish  him  according 

to  his  desert.     Which  was  nothing  else  but  a  fained  plot.  -^»  I^^ 

For  they  determined,  as  soone  as  the  Governour  was  gone  ^^^^8^- 

with  him,  and  the  Campe  was  divided  into  two  parts, 

the  one  part  of  them  to  set  upon  the  Governour,  and 

the  other  upon  them  that  remained  in  Chica9a.     Hee 

went  to  the  Towne  where  he  used  to  keepe  his  residence, 

and  brought  with  him  two  hundred  Indians  with  their 

Bowes    and    Arrowes.      The    Governour    tooke    thirtie 

Horsemen,    and    eightie    Footmen,    and   they   went    to 

Saquechuma  (for  so  was  the  Province  caDed  of  that  Chiefe  ^aqueckMma, 

man,  which  he  said  had  rebelled.)     They  found  a  walled  ^  toalki 

Towne,  without  any  inen:    and  those  which  went  with  2^^»^- 

the  Cacique  set  fire  on  the  houses,  to  dissemble  their 

treason.     But  by  reason  of  the  great  care  and  heedfulnesse 

that  was  as  well  in  the  Governours  people  which  hee  carried 

with  him,  as  of  those  which  remained  in  Chica^a,  they 

durst  not  assault  them  at  that  time.     The  Governour 

invited  the  Cacique,  and  certaine  principall  Indians,  and 

gave  them  Hogs  flesh  to  eate.     And  though  they  did 

not  commonly  use  it,  yet  they  were  so  gree(fy  of  it,  that 

xvin  17  B 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1540. 

every  night  there  came  Indians  to  certaine  houses  a  Cros 
bow  shot  from  the  Campe,  where  the  Hogs  lay,  and  killed, 
and  carried  away  as  many  as  they  could.  And  three 
Indians  were  taken  in  the  manner.  Two  of  them  the 
Govemour  commanded  to  be  shot  to  death  with  Arrowes ; 
and  to  cut  off  the  hands  of  the  other;  and  he  sent  him 
so  handled  to  the  Cacique.  Who  made  as  though  it 
grieved  him  that  they  had  offended  the  Govemour,  and 
that  he  was  glad  t}\at  he  had  executed  that  piuiishment 
on  them.  He  lay  in  a  plaine  Countrie  halie  a  league 
from  the  place,  where  the  Christians  lodged.  Foiire 
Horsemen  went  a  stragling  thither,  to  wit,  Francisco 
Osorio,  and  a  servant  of  the  Marquesse  of  Astorga,  called 
Reynoso,  and  two  servants  of  the  Governoinr,  the  one  his 
Page  called  Ribera,  and  the  other  Fuentes  his  Chamber- 
laine :  and  these  had  taken  from  the  Indians  some  Mantles, 
wherewith  they  were  offended,  and  forsooke  their  houses. 
The  Govemour  knew  of  it,  and  conunanded  them  to  be 
apprehended ;  and  condemned  to  death  Francisco  Osorio, 
and  the  Chamberlaine  as  principals,  and  all  of  them  to 
losse  of  goods.  The  Friers  and  Priests  and  other  princi- 
pall  persons  were  earnest  with  him  to  pardon  Francisco 
Osorio  his  life,  and  to  moderate  his  sentence,  which  he 
would  not  grant  for  any  of  them.  While  he  was  ready 
to  command  them  to  be  drawne  to  the  Market  place  to 
cut  off  their  heads,  there  came  certaine  Indians  from  the 
Cacique,  to  complaine  of  them.  John  Ortiz,  at  the 
request  of  Baltasar  de  Gallegos  and  other  persons,  changed 
their  words,  and  told  the  Govemour,  that  the  Cacique 
said,  hee  had  notice  how  his  Lordship  held  those  Christians 
in  prison  for  his  sake,  and  that  they  were  in  no  fault, 
[IV.  viii.  neither  had  they  done  him  any  wrong,  and  that  if  hee 
*  545]  would  doe  him  any  favour,  hee  should  set  them  free.  And 
he  told  the  Indians ;  that  the  Govemotir  said,  he  had  them 
in  prison,  and  that  he  would  punish  them  in  such  sort, 
that  they  should  be  an  example  to  others.  Hereupon 
the  Govemour  commanded  the  prisoners  to  be  loosed. 
As  soone  as  March  was  come,  he  determined  to  depart 

18 


FERDINANDO  DE   SOTO  ajx 

from  Chica9a,  and  demanded  of  the  Cacique  two  hundred 

men  for  carriages.     Hee  sent  him  answere,  that  he  would 

speake  with  his  principal!  men.     Upon  Tuesday  the  eighth 

of  March,  the  Governour  went  to  the  Towne  where  he  MarcA^  i$^i. 

was,  to  aske  him  for  the  men:    he  told  him,  he  would 

send  the  next  day.     As  soone  as  the  Governour  was  come 

to  Chica^a,  he  told  Luys  de  Moscoso  the  Camp-master, 

that  hee  misliked  the  Indians,  and  that  hee  should  keepe 

a  strong  watch  that  night,  which  he  remembred  but  a 

little.     The  Indians  came  at  the  second  watch  in  fourc 

squadrons,  every  one  by  it  selfe,  and  as  soone  as  they 

were  descried,  they  sounded  a  Drum,  and  gave  the  assault 

with  a  great  crie,  and  with  so  great  celeritie,  that  presently 

they  entred  with  the  scouts,  that  were  somewhat  distant 

from  the  Campe.     And  when  they  were  perceived  of  them 

which  were  in  the  Towne,  halfe  the  houses  were  on  fire,  Ckitazasetim 

which  they  had  kindled.     That  night  three  Horsemen  A^p  ^ '^ 

chanced  to  be  scouts,  two  of  them  were  of  base  callings  ^^^^' 

and  the  worst  men  in  all  the  Campe,  and  the  other,  which 

was  a  Nephew  of  the  Governour,  which  untill  then  was 

held  for  a  tall  man,  shewed  himselfe  there  as  great  a  coward, 

as  any  of  them :    for  all  of  them  ranne  away.     And  the 

Indians  without  any  resistance  came  and  set  the  Towne 

on  fire ;  and  taried  behind  the  doores  for  the  Christians, 

which  ranne  out  of  the  houses,  not  having  any  leasure 

to  arme  themselves ;  and  as  they  ranne  hither  and  thither 

amazed  with  the  noise,  and  blinded  with  the  smoke  and 

flame  of  the  fire,  they  knew  not  which  way  they  went, 

neither  could  they  light  upon  their  weapons,  nor  saddle 

their  Horses,  neither  saw  they  the  Indians  that  shot  at 

them.     Many  of  the  Horses  were  burned  in  the  Stables, 

and  those  which  could  breake  their  Halters  gat  loose. 

The  disorder  and  flight  was  such,  that  every  man  fled 

which  way  he  could,  without  leaving  any  to  resist  the 

Indians.     But  God  (which  chastiseth  his  according  to  his 

pleasure,  and  in  the  greatest  necessities  and  dangers  sus- 

taineth  them  with  his  hand)  so  blinded  the  Indians,  that 

thity  saw  not  what  they  had  done,  and  thought  that  the 

19 


A.D. 

I54I. 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 


Horses  which  ratine  loose,  were  men  on  Horsebacke,  that 
gathered  themselves  together  to  set  upon  them.  The 
Governour  onely  rode  on  Horsebacke,  and  with  him  a 
Souldier  called  Tapia,  and  set  upon  the  Indians,  and  strik- 
ing the  first  he  met  with  his  Lance,  the  Saddle  fell  with 
him,  which  with  haste  was  evill  girded,  and  so  hee  fell 
from  his  Horse.  And  all  the  people  that  were  on  foot 
were  fled  to  a  Wood  out  of  the  Towne,  and  there 
assembled  themselves  together.  And  because  it  was  night> 
and  that  the  Indians  thought  the  Horses  were  men  on 
horsebacke  which  came  to  set  upon  them,  as  I  said  before, 
they  fled;  and  one  onely  remayned  dead,  and  that  was 
hee  whom  the  Governour  slue  with  his  Lance.  The 
Towne  lay  all  burnt  to  ashes.  There  died  in  this  hurli- 
burlie  eleven  Christians,  and  fiftie  Horses;  and  there 
Tki  increase    remayned  an  hundred  Hogges,  and  foure  hundred  were 


of  Hogs, 


The  Totone 
where  the 
Cacique  iay, 

Aih  Trees. 


burned.  If  any  perchance  had  saved  any  clothes  from 
the  fire  of  Mavilla,  here  they  were  burned,  and  many  were 
clad  in  skinnes,  for  they  had  no  leasure  to  take  their  Coates. 
They  indured  much  cold  in  this  place,  and  the  chiefest 
remedie  were  great  fires.  They  spent  all  night  in  turnings 
without  sleepe :  for  if  they  warmed  one  side,  they  freezSd 
on  the  other.  Some  invented  the  weaving  of  certaine 
Mats  of  drie  Ivie,  and  did  weare  one  beneath,  and  another 
above:  many  laughed  at  this  device,  whom  afterward 
necessitie  inforced  to  doe  the  like.  The  Christians  were 
so  spoyled,  and  in  such  want  of  Saddles  and  weapons 
which  were  burned,  that  if  the  Indians  had  come  the  second 
night,  they  had  overcome  them  with  little  labour.  They 
removed  thence  to  the  Towne  where  the  Cacique  was 
wont  to  lie,  because  it  was  in  the  champaine  Countrie. 
Within  eight  dayes  after,  there  were  many  Lances  and 
Saddles  made.  There  were  Ash-trees  in  those  parts^ 
whereof  they  made  as  ^ood  Lances  as  in  Biscay. 

Upon  Wednesday  the  15.  of  March,  1541.  after  the 
Governour  had  lodged  eight  dayes  in  a  Plaine,  halfe  a 
leamie  from  the  place  which  he  had  wintered  in,  after  he 
had  set  up  a  forge,  and  tempered  the  Swords  which  ia 


20 


FERDINANDO  DE   SOTO  a.d. 

1541. 
Chica9a  were  burned,  and  made  many  Targets,  Saddles, 
and  Lances,  on  Tuesday  night,  at  the  morning  watch, 
many   Indians    came    to    assault    the    Campe    m    three 
squadrons,  every  one  by  themselves :  Those  which  watched 
gave  the  alarme.     The  Governour  with  great  speed  set 
Sis  men  in  order  three  squadrons,  and  leaving  some  to 
defend  the  Campe,  went  out  to  encounter  them.     The 
Indians  were  overcome  and  put  to  flight.     The  ground 
was  champaine  and  fit  for  the  Christians  to  take  the 
advantage  of  them ;  and  it  was  now  breake  of  day.     But 
there  happened  a  disorder,  whereby  there  were  not  past 
thirtie  or  fortie  Indians  slaine:  and  this  it  was:   that  a 
Frier  cried  out  in  the  Campe  without  any  just  occasion, 
To  the  Campe,  To  the  Campe :    Whereupon  the  Gover- 
nour and  all  the  rest  repaired  thither,  and  the  Indians 
had  time  to  save  themselves.     There  were  some  taken, 
by    whom    the    Governour    informed    himselfe    of    the 
Countrie,  through  which  he  was  to  passe.     The  five  and  Jfril  25. 
twentieth  of  Aprill,  hee  departed  from  Chica9a,  and  lodged 
at  a  small  Towne  called  Alimamu.     They  had  very  little  ATmamu. 
Maiz,  and  they  were  to  passe  a  Desart  of  seven  dayes 
journey.     The  next  day,  the  Governour  sent  three  Cap- 
taines  every  one  his  way  with  Horsemen  and  Footmen 
to    seeke   provision   to   passe    the  Desart.      And    John 
Danusco  the  Auditor  went  with  fifteene  Horsemen,  and 
fortie  Footmen  that  way  that  the  Governour  was  to  goe,  [iv.  viii. 
and  found  a  strong  Fort  made,  where  the  Indians  stayed  154^-] 

for  him,  and  many  of  them  walked  on  the  top  of  it  with 
their  weapons,  having  their  bodies,  thighes  and  armes 
okered  and  died  with  blacke,  white,  yellow  and  red,  striped  Bkcke^  whiter 
like  unto  panes,  so  that  they  shewed  as  though  they  went  jtlktoandnd 
in  hose  and  doublets;    and  some  of  them  had  Plumes,  ^^^^^^^^ 
and  others  had  homes  on  their  heads,  and  their  faces 
blacke,  and  their  eyes  done  round  about  with  streakes 
of  red,  to  seeme  more  fierce, 

John  Danusco  sent  three  horsemen  to  advertise  the 
Governour  hereof.  He  came  presently:  for  his  intent 
was  to  drive  them  from  thence,  saying,  that  if  he  did  it 

21 


1541. 


A  Desert  of 
seven  dayes. 


A  Toume  of 
QuizqutT^ 


An  old 
Prophene. 


Another 

Tofvne. 

RioGrandejOr 

Rio  de 

Espiritu 

Santo. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

not,  they  would  be  emboldned  to  charge  him  another 
time,  when  they  might  doe  him  more  harme.  Hee  made 
the  horsemen  to  alight,  and  set  his  men  in  foure  Sauad- 
rons:  The  signe  being  given,  they  set  up  the  Indians, 
which  made  resistance  tiff  the  Christians  came  neere  the 
Fort,  and  assoone  as  they  saw  they  could  not  defend 
themselves,  by  a  place  where  a  Brooke  passed  neere  the 
Fort,  they  ran  away,  and  from  the  otherside  they  shot 
some  Arrowes:  and  because  at  that  instant  wee  knew 
no  ford  for  the  horses  to  passe,  they  had  time  enough 
to  get  out  of  our  danger.  Three  Indians  were  slaine 
there,  and  many  Christians  were  hxu"t,  whereof  within  few 
dayes,  there  died  fifteene  by  the  way. 

The  Governour  was  inforced  to  depart  presently  toward 
Quizquiz.  He  travelled  seven  dayes  through  a  Desert 
of  many  Marishes  and  thicke  Woods:  but  it  might  all 
bee  travelled  on  horsebacke,  except  some  Lakes  which 
they  swamme  over.  Hee  came  to  a  Towne  of  the  Pro- 
vince of  Quizquiz  without  being  descried,  and  tooke  all 
the  people  in  it  before  they  came  out  of  their  houses. 

There  came  to  the  Campe  sixe  principall  Indians,  and 
said,  they  came  to  see  what  people  they  were,  and  that 
long  agoe,  they  had  beene  informed  by  their  fore-fathers. 
That  a  white  people  should  subdue  them :  and  that  there- 
fore they  would  retume  to  their  Cacique,  and  bid  him 
come  presently  to  obey  and  serve  the  Governour:  and 
after  they  had  presented  him  with  sixe  or  seven  skins 
and  Mandes  which  they  brought,  they  tooke  their  leave 
of  him,  and  returned  with  the  other,  which  waited  for 
them  by  the  Brookes  side.  The  Cacique  never  came 
jgaine  nor  sent  other  message.  And  because  in  the 
Towne  where  the  Governour  Iwiged,  there  was  small  store 
of  Maiz,  he  removed  to  another  halfe  a  league  from  Rio 
Grande,  where  they  found  plentie  of  Maiz :  And  he  went 
to  see  the  River,  and  found,  that  neere  unto  it  was  great 
store  of  Timber  to  make  Barges,  and  good  situation  of 
ground  to  incampe  in.  Prescndy  he  remooved  himselfe 
thither.     They  made  houses,  and  pitched  their  Campe  ia 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.p. 

a  plaine  field  a  Crossc-bow  shot  from  the  River.     And 
thither  was  gathered  all  the  Maiz  of  the  Townes,  which 
they  had  latdy  passed.     They  began  presently  to  cut  and 
hew  downe  Timber,  and  to  saw  pknkes  for  Barges.     The 
Indians  came  presently  downe  the  River :    they  leaped  on 
shoare,  and  declared  to  the  Govemour,  That  they  were 
subjects  of  a  great  Lord,  whose  name  was  Aquixo,  who  Aquixo,  a 
was  Lord  of  many  Townes,  and  governed  many  people  ^/^iJ^^^T 
on  the  other  side  of  the  River,  and  came  to  tell  him  on  l/niffQrJnde, 
his  behalfe,  that  the  next  day  he  with  all  his  men  would 
come  to  see,  what  it  woidd  please  him  to  comnumd  him. 
The  next  day  with  speed,  the  Caciaue  came  with  two  200.  Cauces. 
hundred  Canoes  full  of  Indians  witn  their  Bowes  and 
Arrowes,  painted,  and  with  creat  plumes  of  white  feathers, 
and  many  other  colours,  with  shields  in  their  hands,  where- 
with they  defended  the  Rowers  on  both  sides,  and  the  men 
of  Warre  stood  from  the  head  to  the  sterne,  with  their 
Bowes  and  Arrowes  in  their  hands.     The  Canoe  wherein 
the  Cacique  was,  had  a  Tilt  over  the  sterne,  and  hee  sate 
under  the  Tilt ;  and  so  were  other  Canoes  of  the  principall 
Indians.     And  from  under  the  Tilt  where  the  chiefe  man 
sat,  he  governed  and  commanded  the  other  people.     All 
joined  together,  and  came  within  a  stones  cast  of  the 
shoare.     From  thence  the  Cacique  said  to  the  Govemour, 
which  walked  alon^  the  Rivers  side  with  others  that 
wayted  on  him,  that  he  was  come  thither  to  visit,  to  honor, 
and  to  obey  him ;   because  he  knew  he  was  the  greatest 
and  mightiest  Lord  on  the  Earth:    therefore  hee  would 
see  what  he  would  command  him  to  doe.     The  Govemour 
yeelded   him  thankes,  and  requested  him  to  come  on 
shoare,  that  they  might  the  better  communicate  together. 
And  without  any  answere  to  that  point,  hee  sent  him 
three  Canoes,  wherein  was  great  store  of  fish  and  loaves.  Loaves  made 
made  of  the  substance  of  Prunes  like  unto  Brickes.     After  of  Prunes. 
hee  had  received  all,  hee  thanked  him,  and  prayed  him 
againe  to  come  on  shoare.     And  because  the  Caciques 
purpose  was,  to  see  if  with  dissimulation  he  might  doe 
some  hurt,  when  they  saw  that  the  Govemour  and  his 

23 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1541- 

men  were  in  readinesse,  they  beganne  to  goe  from  the 
shoare :  and  with  a  great  cry,  the  Crosse-bowmen  which 
were  ready,  shot  at  tnem,  and  slue  five  or  sixc  of  them. 
They  retired  with  great  order :  none  did  leave  his  Oare, 
though  the  next  to  him  were  slaine,  and  shielding  them- 
selves, they  went  farther  off.  Afterward  they  came  many 
times  and  landed :  and  when  any  of  us  came  toward  them, 
Goodly  great  they  fled  unto  their  Gmoes,  which  were  verv  pleasant  to 
Canoes.  behold:    for  they  were  very  great  and  well  made,  and 

had  their  Tilts,  Plumes,  Paveses,  and  Flagges,  and  with 
the  multitude  of  people  that  were  in  them,  they  seemed 
to  be  a  faire  Armie  of  Gallies.     In  thirtie  dayes  space, 
Foure  Barges   while  the  Governour  remayned  there,  they  made  roure 
made.  Barges.     Assoone  as  those  that  passed  first,  were  on  Land 

Theyfasse      on  the  Other  side,  the  Barges  returned  to  the  place  where 
Brandt  ^^  Governour  was :    and  within  two  houres  after  Sunne 

[IV.  viii.  rising,  all  the  people  were  over.  The  River  was  almost 
1547.]  halfe  a  league  broad.  If  a  man  stood  still  on  the  other 
side,  it  could  not  bee  discerned,  whether  hee  were  a  man 
or  no.  The  River  was  of  great  depth,  and  of  a  strong 
current:  the  water  was  alwayes  muddie:  there  came 
downe  the  River  continually  many  trees  and  timber,  which 
the  force  of  the  water  and  streame  brought  downe.  There 
was  great  store  of  fish  in  it  of  sundry  sorts,  and  most  of 
it  differing  from  the  fresh  water  fish  of  Spaine,  as  hereafter 
shall  bee  shewed. 

Having  passed  Rio  Grande,  the  Governour  travelled 
a  league  and  an  halfe,  and  came  to  a  great  Towne  of 
Aquixo,  which  was  dispeopled  before  hee  came  thither. 
They  espied  thirtie  Indians  comming  over  a  plaine,  which 
the  Cacique  sent  to  discover  the  Christians  determination  : 
and  assoone  as  they  had  sight  of  them,  they  tooke  them- 
selves to  flight.  The  Horsemen  pursued  them,  and  slue 
tenne,  and  tooke  fifteene.  And  because  the  Towne, 
whither  the  Governour  went,  was  neere  unto  the  River, 
hee  sent  a  Captaine,  with  as  many  men  as  hee  thought 
suflScient  to  carrie  the  Barges  up  the  River.  And  because 
in  his  travelling  by  land,  many  times  hee  went  farre  from 

24 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1541. 
the  River  to  compasse  the  aeekes  that  came  from  it,  the 
Indians  tooke  occasion  to  set  upon  them  of  the  Barges, 
and  put  them  in  great  danger,  because  that  by  reason  of 
the  great  current,  they  durst  not  leave  the  shoare,  and 
from  the  banke  they  shot  at  them.      Assoone  as  the 
Govemour  was  come  to  the  Towne,  hee  presently  sent 
Crosse-bowmen  downe  the  River,  which  came  to  rescue 
them:     and  upon  the  comming  of  the  Barges  to  the 
Towne,  hee  commanded  them  to  be  broken,  and  to  save 
the  Iron  for  others,  when  it  should  be  needfiill.     He  lay 
there  one  night,  and  the  day  following,  he  set  forward 
to  seeke  a  Province,  called  Pacaha :   which  he  was  informed 
to  bee  neere  unto  Chisca,  where  the  Indians  told  him  Pacahaneere 
there  was  gold.     Hee  passed  through  great  Townes  of  *»'*  Chisca. 
Aquixo,   which   were   all   abandoned   for   feare   of   the  ^^^^  ^^''^^' 
Cluistians.     Hee  understood  by  certaine  Indians  that  were 
taken,  that  three  dayes  journie  from  thence  dwelt  a  great 
Cacique,  whose  name  was  Casqui.     He  came  to  a  small 
RivCT,  where  a  Bridge  was  made,  bv  which  they  passed : 
that  day  till  Sun-set,  they  went  all  in  water,  which  in 
some  places  came  to  the  waste,  and  in  some  to  the  knees. 
When  they  saw  themselves  on  dry  land,  they  were  very 
glad,  because  they  feared  they  should  wander  up  and 
downe  as  forlorne  men  all  night  in  the  water.     At  noone 
they  came  to  the  first  Towne  of  Casqui :    they  found  the  The  first 
IncUans  carelesse,  because  they  had  no  knowledge  of  them.  Jjf*^  ?/ 
There  were  many  men  and  women  taken,  and  store  of  ^^^^* 
goods,  as  Mantles  and  skinnes,  as  well  in  the  first  Towne, 
as  in  another,  which  stood  in  a  field  halfe  a  league  from 
thence  in  sight  of  it ;  whither  the  Horsemen  ranne.     This 
Countrie  is  higher,  drier,  and  more  champaine,  then  any 
part  bordering  neere  the  River,  that  until!  then  they  had 
seene.     There  were  in  the  fields  many  Walnut-trees,  bear-  Wahut  trees 
ing  soft  shelled  Walnuts,  in  fashion  like  bullets,  and  in  mtk  soft  shils. 
the  houses  they  found  many  of  them,  which  the  Indians 
had  laid  up  in  store.     The  trees  differed  in  nothing  else 
from  those  of  Spaine,  nor  from  those  which  we  had  seene 
before,  but  onely  that  they  have  a  smaller  leafe.     There 

25 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1541. 

Many  Mul-     were  many  Mulberie  trees  and  Plum  trees,  which  bare 

herie  trees  and  fed  Plums  like  those  of  Spaine,  and  other  gray,  sonciewhat 

Plum  trees.      differing,  but  farre  better.     And  all  the  trees  are  all  the 

yeere  so  fruitfull,  as  if  they  were  planted  in  Orchards: 

and    the   Woods   were   very   thinne.      The   Govemour 

travelled  two  dayes  through  the  Countrie  of  Casqui,  before 

he  came  to  the  Towne  where  the  Cacique  was :    and  the 

most  of  the  way  was  alway  by  Champame  ground,  which 

Many  great     was  full  of  great  Townes,  so  that  from  one  Towne,  you 

Toumes.  might  see  two  or  three.     Hee  sent  an  Indian  to  certifie 

the  Cacique,  that  hee  was  comming  to  the  place  where 

hee  was,  with  intent  to  procure  his  friendship,  and  to  hold 

him  as  his  brother.     Whereunto  hee  answered.  That  he 

shoidd  be  welcome,  and  that  he  would  receive  him  with 

speciall  good  will,  and  accomplish  all  that  his  Lordship 

would  command  him.     He  sent  him  a  Present  upon  the 

way ;  to  wit,  skinnes,  Mantles,  and  fish :    And  after  these 

complements,  the  Govemour  found  all  the  Townes  as  he 

Eassed,  inhabited  with  people,  which  peaceably  attended 
is  comming,  and  offered  him  skinnes.  Mantles,  and  fish. 
The  Cacique  accompanied  with  many  Indians  came  out 
of  the  Towne,  and  stayed  halfe  a  league  on  die  way  to 
receive  the  Govemotir. 

Within  a  while  after  both  of  them  used  words  of  great 

offers  and  courtesie  the  one  to  the  other,  and  the  Cacique 

requested  him  to  lodge  in  his  houses.     The  Govemour, 

to  preserve  the  peace  the  better,  excused  himsclfe,  sayings 

that  hee  would  lodge  in  the  fields.     And  because  it  was 

very  hot,  they  camped  neere  certaine  trees  a  quarter  of 

Theckiife       a  league  from  the  Towne.     The  Cacique  went  to  his 

Towne  of  the    Towne,  and  came  againe  with  many  Indians  singing. 

Cas^^  Assoone  as  they  came  to  the  Govemour,  all  of  them 

'^*''  prostrated  themselves  upon  the  ground.     Among  these 

came  two  Indians  that  were  blind.     The  Cacique  made 

a  speech :    that  seeing  the  Governour  was  the  Sonne  of 

the  Sunne,  and  a  great  Lord,  he  besought  him  to  doc  him 

the  favour  to  give  sight  to  those  two  blind  men.     The 

blind  men  rose  up  presently,  and  very  earnestly  requested 

26 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  aj>, 

1541. 
the  same  of  the  Govemoiir.     He  answered,  That  in  the  S/^nisA 
high  Heavens  was  hee  that  had  power  to  give  them  health,  ^»^» . 
and  whatsoever  they  coidd  aske  of  him ;   whose  servant  '^^^^^^^i- 
he  was :    And  that  this  Lord  made  the  Heavens  and  the 
Earth,  and  man  after  his  owne  iikenesse,  and  that  hee 
suffered  upon  the  Crosse  to  save  Mankind,  and  rose  againe 
the  third  day,  and  that  he  died  as  he  was  man,  and  as 
touching  his  Divinitie,  he  was,  and  is  immortall ;  and  that 
he  ascended  into  Heaven,  where  hee  standeth  with  his 
armes  open  to  receive  all  such  as  turne  imto  him:    and 
straight  way  hee  commanded  him  to  make  a  very  high 
Crosse  of  wood,  which  was  set  up  in  the  highest  place  [IV.  viii. 
of  the  Towne;    declaring  unto  him,  that  the  Christians  ^548.] 

worshipped  the  same  in  resemblance  and  memorie  of  that 
whereon  Christ  suffered.  The  Governour  and  his  men 
kneeled  downe  before  it,  and  the  Indians  did  the  like. 
The  Governour  willed  him,  that  from  thenceforth  he 
should  worship  the  same,  and  should  aske  whatsoever 
they  stood  in  need  of,  of  that  Lord  that  he  told  him  was 
in  Heaven.  Then  he  asked  him  how  farre  it  was  from 
thence  to  Pacaha :  He  said,  one  dayes  journie,  and  that 
at  the  end  of  his  Countrie,  there  was  a  Lake  like  a  Brooke 
which  felleth  into  Rio  Grande,  and  that  hee  would  send 
men  before  to  make  a  Bridge  whereby  hee  might  passe. 
The  same  day  that  the  Governour  departed  thence,  hee 
lodged  at  a  Towne  belonging  to  Casqui :  and  the  next  ^  Towne 
day  he  passed  in  sight  of  other  Townes,  and  came  to  the  ^^^g*^i  ^ 
Lake,  which  was  halfe  a  Crosse-bow  shot  over,  of  a  ereat  9ff^''\ 
depth  and  current.  At  the  time  of  his  commmg,  the 
Indians  had  made  an  end  of  the  Bridge,  which  was  made 
of  timber,  laid  one  tree  after  another:  and  on  one  side 
it  had  a  course  of  stakes  higher  then  the  Bridge,  for  them 
that  passed  to  take  hold  on.  The  Cacique  of  Casqui 
came  to  the  Governour,  and  brought  his  people  with  him. 
The  Governour  sent  word  by  an  Indian  to  the  Cacique  of 
Pacaha,  that  though  he  were  enemie  to  the  Cacique  of 
Casqui,  and  though  he  were  there,  yet  hee  would  doe 
him  no  disgrace  nor  hurt,  if  hee  would  attend  him  peace- 

27 


A.D. 

I54I- 


TargeU  of 
raw  Oxe 
kfdes. 


Pacahcy  a 
verte  great 
Toume  beset 
with  Towres, 


Great  walled 
Townes, 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

ably,  and  imbrace  his  friendship ;  but  rather  would  intreate 
him  as  a  Brother.  The  Indian,  which  the  Govemour 
sent,  came  againe,  and  said,  that  the  Cacique  made  none 
account  of  that  which  he  told  him,  but  fled  with  all  his 
men  out  at  the  other  side  of  the  Towne.  Presently  the 
Governour  entred,  and  ranne  before  with  the  Horsemen, 
that  way,  by  which  the  Indians  fled ;  and  at  another  Towne 
distant  a  quarter  of  a  league  from  thence,  they  tooke 
many  Indians :  and  assoone  as  the  Horsemen  had  taken 
them,  they  delivered  them  to  the  Indians  of  Casqui, 
whom,  because  they  were  their  enemies,  with  much 
circumspection  and  rejoycing,  they  brought  to  the  Towne 
where  the  Christians  were :  and  the  greatest  griefe  they 
had,  was  this,  that  they  could  not  get  leave  to  kill  them. 
There  were  found  in  the  Towne  many  Mantles,  and  Deere 
skinnes,  Lions  skinnes,  and  Beares  skinnes,  and  many 
Cats  skinnes.  Many  came  so  farre  poorely  apparelled, 
and  there  they  clothed  themselve:  of  the  Mantles,  they 
made  them  Coates  and  Cassocks,  and  some  made  Gownes, 
and  lined  them  with  Cats  skinnes;  and  likewise  their 
Cassocks.  Of  the  Deeres  skinnes,  some  made  them  also 
Jerkins,  Shirts,  Hose  and  Shooes:  and  of  the  Beare 
skinnes,  they  made  them  very  good  Clokes :  for  no  water 
could  pierce  them.  There  were  Targets  of  raw  Oxe 
Hides  found  there ;  with  which  Hides  they  armed  their 
Horses. 

Upon  Wednesday  the  nineteenth  of  June,  the  Gover- 
nour entred  into  Pacaha :  He  lodged  in  the  Towne,  where 
the  Cacique  used  to  reside,  which  was  very  great,  walled, 
and  beset  with  Towres,  and  many  loope-holes  were  in 
the  Towres  and  Wall.  And  in  the  Towne  was  great  store 
of  old  Maiz,  and  great  quantitie  of  new  in  the  fields. 
Within  a  league  and  halfe  a  league  were  great  Townes 
all  walled.  Where  the  Governour  was  lodged,  was  a  great 
Lake,  that  came  neere  unto  the  wall :  and  it  entred  into 
a  ditch  that  went  round  about  the  Towne,  wanting  but 
a  little  to  environ  it  round.  From  the  Lake  to  the  great 
River  was  made  a  weare  by  the  which  the  fish  came  into 

28 


FERDINANDO  DE   SOTO 

it ;  which  the  Cacique  kept  for  his  recreation  and  sport : 
with  Nets  that  were  found  in  the  Towne,  they  tooke  as 
much  as  they  would:  and  tooke  they  never  so  much, 
there  was  no  want  perceived.  There  was  also  great  store 
of  fish  in  many  other  Lakes  that  were  thereabout,  but  it 
was  soft,  and  not  so  good  as  that  which  came  from  the 
River,  and  the  most  of  it  was  different  from  the  fresh 
water  fish  of  Spaine.  There  was  a  fish  which  they  called 
Bagres:  the  third  part  of  it  was  head,  and  it  had  on 
both  sides  the  gils,  and  along  the  sides  great  prickes  like 
very  sharpe  Ames :  those  of  this  kind  that  were  in  the 
Lakes  were  as  bigge  as  Pikes:  and  in  the  River,  there 
were  some  of  an  hundred,  and  of  an  hundred  and  fiftie 
pounds  weight,  and  many  of  them  were  taken  with  the 
hooke.  There  was  another  fish  like  Barbels ;  and  another 
like  Breames,  headed  like  a  delicate  fish,  called  in  Spaine 
Besugo,  betweene  red  and  grey.  This  was  thereof  most 
esteeme.  There  was  another  fish  called  a  Pele  fish :  it 
had  a  snowt  of  a  Cubit  long,  and  at  the  end  of  the  upper 
lip  it  was  made  like  a  Peele.  There  was  another  fish  like 
a  Westerne  Shad :  And  all  of  them  had  scales,  except  the 
Bagres,  and  the  Pele  fish.  There  was  another  fish,  which 
somtimes  the  Indians  brought  us,  of  the  bignesse  of  an 
Hogge,  they  call  it  the  Pereo  fish :  it  had  rowes  of  teeth 
beneath  and  above. 

From  thence  he  sent  thirtie  Horsemen,  and  fiftie  Foot- 
men to  the  Province  of  Calu9a,  to  see  if  from  thence  he 
might  travell  to  Chisca,  where  the  Indians  said  there 
was  a  worke  of  Gold  and  Copper.  They  travelled  seven 
dayes  journie  through  a  Desert,  and  returned  very  wearie, 
eating  greene  Plums  and  stalkes  of  Maiz,  which  they 
found  in  a  poore  Towne  of  sixe  or  seven  houses.  From 
thence  forward  toward  the  North ;  the  Indians  said,  That 
the  Countrie  was  very  ill  inhabited,  because  it  was  very 
cold :  And  that  there  were  such  store  of  Oxen,  that  they 
could  keepe  no  Corne  for  them:  and  that  the  Indians 
lived  upon  their  flesh.  The  Governour  seeing  that 
toward  that  part  the  Countrie  was  so  poore  of  Maiz,  that 

29 


A.D. 
154I. 

f^etsfiund. 


The  divers 
sorts  of  excel- 
lent fish  in  Rio 
Grande, 


Gold^ 
Copper  in 
Chisca. 

Apooretoume. 
Great  store  of 
Oxen  toward 
the  North  of 
Pacaha, 


A,D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1541. 

in  it  they  could  not  bee  sustained,   demanded  of  the 

Indians,  which  way  it  was  most  inhabited :    and  they  said, 

they  had  notice  or  a  great  Province,  and  a  very  plentiful! 

Ttis  is  like     Countrie,  which  was  called  Quigaute,  and  it  was  toward 

Qtdvera.         the  South. 

[IV.  viii.  The  Governour  tooke  his  journie  toward  Quigaute. 

.    ^549-]  The  fourth  day  of  August,  hee  came  to  the  Towne,  where 

TZ^znatest    ^^  Cacique  used  to  keepe  his  Residencie :    on  the  way 

Tnonestenin  ^^  sent  him  a  Present  of  many  Mantles  and  Skinnes, 

Florida,  and  not  daring  to  stay  for  him  in  the  Towne,  hee  absented 

himselfe.     The  Towne  was  the  greatest  that  was  seene 

in  Florida. 

They  tooke  many  men  and  women.     Now  seeing  the 
hurt  which  they  sustained  for  their  Rebellion,  they  came 
to  see  what  the  Governour  would  command  them,  and 
passed  to  and  fro  many  times,  and  brought  Presents  of 
Cloth.  Cloth  and  Fish.     The  Cacique  and  his  two  wives  were 

in  the  lodging  of  the  Governour  loose,  and  the  Halbardiers 
of  his  Guard  did  keepe  them.  The  Governour  asked 
them  which  way  the  Countrie  was  most  inhabited  ?  They 
said,  that  toward  the  South  downe  the  River  were  great 
Townes  and  Caciques,  which  commanded  great  Countries, 
and  much  people:  And  that  toward  the  North-west, 
there  was  a  Province  neere  to  certaine  Mountaines  that 
Coligpaneere  was  called  Coligoa.  The  Governour  and  all  the  rest 
to  certaine  thought  good  to  goe  first  to  Coligoa :  saying,  that  per- 
Motmtaines  adventure  the  Mountaines  would  make  some  diiFerence 
of  soile,  and  that  beyond  them  there  might  be  some  Gold 
or  Silver :  As  for  Quigaute,  Casaui,  and  Pacaha,  they 
were  plaine  Coimtries,  fet  grounds,  and  full  of  good 
Medowes  on  the  Rivers,  where  the  Indians  sowed  Su-ge 
fields  of  Maiz.  From  Tascaluca  to  Rio  grande,  or  tnc 
great  River,  is  about  three  hundred  leagues :  it  is  a  very 
low  Countrie,  and  hath  many  Lakes.  From  Pacaha  to 
Quigaute  may  bee  an  hundred  leagues.  The  Governour 
left  the  Cacique  of  Quigaute  in  his  owne  Towne :  And 
an  Indian,  which  was  his  Guide,  led  him  through  great 
Woods  without  any  way  seven  dayes  journie  through  a 

30 


North-west, 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO 

Desert,  where  at  every  lodging,  they  lodged  in  Lakes  and 

Pooles  in  very  shoald  water:    there  was  such  store  of 

fish,  that  they  killed  them  with  cudgels ;  and  the  Indians 

which  they  carried  in  chains,  with  the  mud  troubled  the 

waters,  and  the  fish  being  therewith,  as  it  were,  astonied, 

came  to  the  top  of  the  water,  and  they  tooke  as  much 

as  they  listed.    The  Indians  of  Coligoa  had  no  knowledge 

of  the  Christians,  and  when  they  came  so  neere  the  Towne, 

that  the  Indians  saw  them,  they  fled  up  a  River,  which 

passed  neere  the  Towne,  and  some  leaped  into  it;    but 

the  Christians  went  on  both  sides  of  the  River,  and  tooke 

them.     There  were  many  men  and  women  taken,  and 

the  Cacique  with  them.      And  by  his  commandement 

within  three  dayes  came  many  Indians  with  a  Present  of 

Mantles  and  Deeres  skinnes,  and  two  Oxe  hides :  And  they 

reported,  that  five  or  sixe  leagues  from  thence  toward  the 

North,  there  were  many  of  these  Oxen,  and  that  because 

the  Countrie  was  cold,  it  was  evill  inhabited :    That  the 

best  Countrie  which  they  knew,  the  most  plentifull,  and 

most  inhabited,  was  a  Province  called  Cayas,  lyin^  toward 

the  South.     From  Quiguate  to  Coligoa  may  be  fortie 

leagues.     It  was  a  fat  soile  and  so  plentifuU  of  Maiz, 

that  they  cast  out  the  old,  to  bring  in  the  new.     There 

was  also  great  plentie  of  French  Beanes  and  Pompions. 

The  French  Beanes  were  greater,  and  better  then  those  of 

Spaine,  and  likewise  the  Pompions,  and  being  roasted, 

they  have  almost  the  taste  of  Chestnuts.     The  Cacique 

of  Coligoa  gave  a  Guide  to  Cayas,  and  stayed  behind  in 

his  owne  Towne.     We  travelled  five  dayes,  and  came  to 

the  Province  of  Palisema.     The  house  of  the  Cacique 

was  fi^und  covered  with  Deeres  skins  of  divers  colours 

and  workcs  diawne  in  them,  and  with  the  same  in  manner 

of  Carpets  was  the  ground  of  the  house  covered.     The 

Cacique  left  it  so,  that  the  Governour  might  lodge  in  it, 

in  token  that  hee  sought  peace  and  his  friendship.     But 

hee  durst  not  tame  his  comming.     The  Governour,  seeing 

he  had  absented  himselfis,  sent  a  Captaine  with  Horsemen 

and  Footmen  to  seeke  him :    He  found  much  people,  but 

31 


A.D. 

I54I. 


A  new  v^ay  to 
takefish. 


CoRgM. 
A  River. 


Ttoooxehiiies, 
Store  of  oxen 
toward  the 
North. 


The  Propmce 
ofPoBsema. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1541. 

by  reason  of  the  roughnesse  of  the  Countiy,  he  tooke 
none  save  a  few  women  and  children.  The  Towne  was 
little  and  scattering,  and  had  very  little  Maiz.  For  which 
cause  the  Governour  speedily  departed  from  thence.  He 
Tatalkoya,  came  to  another  Towne  called  Tatalicoya,  he  carried  with 
him  the  Cacique  thereof,  which  guided  him  to  Cayas. 
Cayas.  From  Tatalicoya  are  foure  dayes  journie  to  Cayas.     When 

he  came  to  Cayas,  and  saw  the  Towne  scattered;  he 
thought  they  had  told  him  a  lye,  and  that  it  was  not  the 
Provmce  of  Cayas,  because  they  had  informed  him  that 
it  was  well  inhabited :  He  threatned  the  Cacique,  charg- 
ing him  to  tell  him  where  he  was:  and  he  and  other 
Indians  which  were  taken  neere  about  that  place,  affirmed 
that  this  was  the  Towne  of  Cayas,  and  the  best  that  was 
in  that  Country,  and  that  though  the  houses  were  distant 
the  one  from  the  other,  yet  the  ground  that  was  inhabited 
was  great,  and  that  there  was  great  store  of  people,  and 
Tanico.  many  fields  of  Maiz.     This  Towne  was  called  Tanico: 

he  pitched  his  Campe  in  the  best  part  of  it  neere  unto 
a  River.  The  same  day  that  the  Governour  came  thither, 
he  went  a  league  farther  with  certaine  Horsemen,  and 
without  finding  any,  he  found  many  skinnes  in  a  pathway, 
which  the  Cacique  had  left  there,  that  they  might  bee 
found,  in  token  of  peace.  For  so  is  the  custome  in  that 
Countrey. 

The  Governour  rested  a  moneth  in  the  Province  of 

Cayas.     In  which  time  the  horses  fattened  and  thrived 

more,  then  in  other  places  in  a  longer  time,  with  the  great 

plentie  of  Maiz  and  the  leaves  thereof,  which  I  thinke 

was  the  best  that  hath  beene  seene,  and  they  dranke  of  a 

A  Lake  of  hot  Lake  of  very  hot  water,  and  somewhat  brackish,  and  they 

and  somewhat  dranke  SO  much,  that  it  swelled  in  their  bellies  when  they 

wau^  brought  them  from  the  watering.     Untill  that  time  the 

Store  of  Salt     Christians  wanted  Salt,  and  there  they  made  good  store, 

made  at         which  they  carried  along  with  them.     The  Indians  doe 

Cayas,  carrie  it  to  other  places  to  exchange  it  for  Skins  and 

[IV.  viii.        Mantles.     They  make  it  along  the  River,  which  when 

1550.]  it  ebbeth,  leaveth  it  upon  the  upper  part  of  the  sand. 

32 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO 

And  because  they  cannot  make  it,  without  much  sand 
mingled  with  it,  they  throw  it  into  certaine  baskets  which 
they  have  for  that  pxirpose,  broad  at  the  mouth,  and 
narrow  at  the  bottome,  and  set  it  in  the  Aire  upon  a 
barre,  and  throw  water  into  it,  and  set  a  small  Vessell  imder 
it,  wherein  it  falleth:  Seeing  strained  and  set  to  boyle 
upon  the  fire,  when  the  water  is  sodden  away^  the  Salt 
remayneth  in  the  bottome  of  the  Pan.  On  both  sides  of 
the  River  the  Countrie  was  full  of  sowne  fields,  and  there 
was  store  of  Maiz. 

Immediately  the  Governour  with  certaine  Horsemen 
and  fifty  Footmen,  departed  toward  Tulla,  hee  found  the 
Towne  abandoned :  for  the  Indians  durst  not  tarrie  his 
comming.  The  Cacique  came,  and  eightie  Indians  with 
him.  He  brought  a  rresent  of  many  Oxe  hides :  which, 
because  the  Countrie  was  cold,  were  very  profitable,  and 
served  for  Coverlets,  because  they  were  very  soft,  and 
woolled  like  sheepe.  Not  farre  fi-om  thence  toward  the 
North  were  many  Oxen.  The  Christians  saw  them  not, 
nor  came  into  the  Countrie  where  they  were,  because  those 
parts  were  eviU  inhabited,  and  had  small  store  of  Maiz 
where  they  were  bred.  The  Cacique  of  Tulla  made  an 
Oration  to  the  Governour,  wherein  he  excused  himselfe, 
and  offered  him  his  Country,  subjects,  and  person.  Aswell 
this  Cacique  as  the  others,  and  all  those  which  came  to  the 
Governour  on  their  behalfe,  delivered  their  message  or 
speech  in  so  good  order,  that  no  Oratour  could  utter  the 
same  more  eloquently. 


A.D. 
154I. 


Maity  Oxe 
hides  toitk 
toool  OH  them^ 
as  soft  as 
sheeps  foooU. 
Gomara 
Histor.Gener, 
cap,  215. 
Man^  Oxen 
toward  the 
North. 


The  great 
eloquence  of 
the  Indians, 


[§.  III. 


XVUI 


33 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1541. 

§.  III. 

His  departure  to  Autiamque,  Ortiz  his  death  and 
disasters  following :  Soto  takes  thought  and 
dieth.  Moscosco  succeedeth.  They  leave 
Florida,  and  arrive  at  Panuco. 

|Hc  Governour  informed  himselfe  of  all  the  Countrie 
round  about;  and  understood,  that  toward  the 
West  was  a  scattered  dwelling,  and  that  toward 
the  South-east  were  great  Townes,  especially  in  a  Province 
called  Autiamque,  ten  daies  journie  from  TuUa;  which 
might  be  about  eightie  leagues ;  and  that  it  was  a  plentiful! 
A  winter  of  Countrey  of  Maiz.  And  because  Winter  came  on,  and 
tm  or  three  that  they  could  not  travell  two  or  three  moneths  in  the 
mmeths.  yeere  for  cold,  waters,  and  snow:  and  fearing,  that  if 
they  should  stay  so  long  in  the  scattered  dwelEng,  they 
could  not  be  susteined ;  and  also  because  the  Indians  said, 
that  neere  to  Autiamque  was  a  great  water,  and  according 
to  their  relation,  the  Governour  thought  it  was  some  arme 
of  the  Sea :  And  because  hee  now  desired  to  send  newes 
of  himselfe  to  Cuba,  that  some  supply  of  men  and  horses 
might  be  sent  unto  him :  (for  it  was  above  three  yeeres, 
since  Donna  Isabella,  which  was  in  Havana,  or  any  other 
person  in  Christendomc  had  heard  of  him,  and  by  this 
time  hee  had  lost  two  hxmdred  and  fiftie  men,  and  one 
hundred  and  fiftie  horses^  he  determined  to  winter  in 
Autiamque,  and  the  next  Spring,  to  goe  to  the  Sea  Coast, 
and  to  make  two  Brigantines,  and  send  one  of  them  to 
Cuba,  and  the  other  to  Nueva  Espanna,  that  that  which 
went  in  safetie,  might  give  newes  of  him :  Hoping  with 
the  goods  which  he  had  in  Cuba,  to  furnish  himselfe 
againe,  and  to  attempt  the  Discoverie  and  conquest  toward 
the  West :  for  he  had  not  yet  come  where  Cabefa  de  Vaca 
had  beene.  Thus  having  sent  away  the  two  Caciques  of 
Cayas  and  Tulla,  hee  tooke  his  journie  toward  Autiamque  : 
He  travelled  five  dayes  over  very  rough  Moxmtaines,  and 

34 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  ad. 

1541. 
came  to  a  Towne  called  Quipana,  where  no  Indians  could  QmpoM^five 
bee  taken  for  the  roughnesse  of  the  Cotintrie :  and  the  d^^journU 
Towne  being  betweene  Hils,  there  was  an  ambush  laid,  '^^ 
wherewith  they  tooke  two  Indians ;  which  told  them,  that 
Autiamque  was  sixe  dayes  journie  from  thence,  and  that 
there  was  another  Province  toward  the  South  eight  dayes 
journie  oflF,  plentifuU  of  Maiz,  and  very  well  peopled, 
which  was  called  Guahate.     But  because  Autiamque  was  Guakau. 
neerer,  and  the  most  of  the  Indians  agreed  of  it,  the 
Governor  made  his  journie  that  way.     In  three  dayes  hee 
came  to  a  Towne  called  Anoixi.     He  sent  a  Captaine  Anoixi. 
before  with  thirtie  Horsemen,  and  fiftie  Footmen,  and 
tooke  the  Indians  carelesse,  he  tooke  many  men  and 
women  prisoners.     Within  two  dayes  after  the  Governour 
came  to  another  Towne  called  Gitamaya,  and  lodged  in  Catamaya. 
the  fields  of  the  Towne.     Two  Indians  came  with  a  false 
message  from  the  Cacique  to  know  his  determination. 
He  had  them  tell  their  Lord,  that  hee  should  come  and 
speake  with  him.     The  Indians  returned  and  came  no 
more,  nor  any  other  message  from  the  Cacique.     The  next 
day  the  Christians  went  to  the  Towne,  which  was  without 
people :  they  tooke  as  much  Maiz  as  they  needed.     That 
day  they  lodged  in  a  Wood,  and  the  next  day  they  came 
to  Autiamque.     They  found  much  Maiz  laid  up  in  store,  Autiamque 
and  French  Beanes,  and  Walnuts  and  Prunes,  great  store  ^/■^^  ^y^ 
of    all   sorts.     They    tooke   some    Indians   which   were  "p^T^*^ 
gathering   together   the    stuffe   which   their  wives   had 
hidden.     This    was    a   Champaine    Coimtrie,    and   well 
inhabited.     The  Governor  lodged  in  the  best  part  of 
the  Towne,  and  commanded  prcsendy  to  make  a  fence  of 
timber  round  about  the  Campe  distant  from  the  houses,  [IV.  viii. 
that  the  Indians  might  not  nurt  them  without  by  fire-  ^SSi] 

And  measuring  the  ground  by  paces,  he  appointed  every 
one  his  part  to  doe  according;  to  the  number  of  Indians 
which  he  had  :  presendy  the  timber  was  brought  by  them ; 
and  in  three  dayes  there  was  an  enclosure  made  of  very 
high  and  thicke  posts  thrust  into  the  ground,  and  many 
"^ylcs  laid  acrosse.     Hard  by  this  Towne  passed  a  River,  A  River, 

35 


A.D. 
I54I. 


Three  months 
abode  in 
AuHamque. 


Frost  and 

snow, 

A  moneth  of 


Conies  of  two 
sorts. 


March  6. 
1542. 


The  death  of 
John  Orlixy 
and  the  great 
misse  ofhim^ 
being  their 
Interpreter, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

that  came  out  of  the  Province  of  Cayas ;  and  above  and 
beneath  it  was  very  well  peopled.  They  stayed  in 
Autiamque  three  moneths  with  great  plentie  of  Maiz, 
French  Beanes,  Walnuts,  Prunes,  and  Conies:  which 
untiU  that  time  they  knew  not  how  to  catch.  And  in 
Autiamque  the  Indians  taught  them  how  to  take  them: 
which  was,  with  great  springes,  which  lifted  up  their  feet 
from  the  ground :  And  the  snare  was  made  with  a  strong 
string,  whereunto  was  festned  a  knot  of  a  cane,  which 
ranne  close  about  the  necke  of  the  Conie,  because  they 
should  not  gnaw  the  string.  They  tooke  many  in  the 
fields  of  Maiz,  especially  when  it  freezed  or  snowed. 
The  Christians  stayed  there  one  whole  moneth  so  inclosed 
with  snowe,  that  they  went  not  out  of  the  Towne :  and 
when  they  wanted  fire-wood,  the  Governour  with  his 
Horsmen  going  and  comming  many  times  to  the  Wood, 
which  was  two  Cros-bow  shot  from  the  Towne,  made  a 
path-way,  whereby  the  Footmen  went  for  wood.  In  this 
meane  space,  some  Indians  which  went  loose,  killed  many 
Conies  with  their  Gives,  and  with  their  Arrowes,  These 
Conies  were  of  two  sorts,  some  were  like  those  of  Spaine, 
and  the  other  of  the  same  colour  and  fashion,  and 
as  bigge  as  great  Hares,  longer,  and  having  greater 
loines. 

Upon  Monday  the  sixt  of  March,  1542.  the  Governour 
deputed  from  Autiamque  to  seeke  Nilco,  which  the 
Indians  said  was  neere  the  Great  River,  with  determina- 
tion to  come  to  the  Sea,  and  procure  some  succour  of 
Men  and  Horses:  for  he  had  now  but  three  hundred 
Men  of  warre,  and  fortie  Horses,  and  some  of  them  lame, 
which  did  nothing  but  helpe  to  make  up  the  number: 
and  for  want  of  Iron,  they  had  gone  above  a  yeere  unshod : 
and  because  they  were  used  to  it  in  the  plaine  Countrie, 
it  did  them  no  great  harme.  John  Ortiz  died  in 
Autiamque;  which  grieved  the  Governour  very  much: 
because  that  without  an  Interpreter  he  feared  to  enter 
farre  into  the  Land,  where  hec  might  bee  lost :  whereby 
it  often  happened,  that  the  way  that  they  went  one  day, 

36 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a-d. 

1542. 
and  sometimes  two  or  three  dayes,  they  turned  backe, 
and  went  astray  through  the  wood  here  and  there.     The 
Govemour  spent  ten  dayes  in  travelling  from  Autiamque 
to  a  Province  called  Ayays ;   and  came  to  a  Towne  that  Ayays. 
stood   neere    the    River    that    passeth    by    Cayas    and  J  River. 
Autiamque.     There  hee  conunanded  a  Barge  to  bee  made, 
wherewith  hee  passed  the  River.     When  he  had  passed 
the  River,  there  fell  out  such  weather,  that  foure  dayes 
he  could  not  travell  for  Snow.     As  soone  as  it  gave  over  Gnat  snow 
snowing,  he  went  three  dayes  journey  through  a  Wilder-  about  tki 
nesse,  and  a  Countrie  so  lowe,  and  so  fiiU  of  Lakes  and  ^^J^  ^ 
evill  wayes,  that  he  travelled  one  time  a  whole  day  in 
water,  sometimes  knee  deepe,  sometimes  to  the  stirrup, 
and  sometimes  they  swamme.      He  came  to  a  Towne 
called  Tutelpinco,  abandoned,  and  without  Maiz:  there  Tutelpinco. 
passed  by  it  a  Lake,  that  entred  into  the  River,  which  A  great  Lake, 
carried  a  great  streame  and  force  of  water. 

The  Governour  went  a  whole  day  along  the  Lake 
seeking  passage,  and  could  finde  none,  nor  any  way  that 
did  passe  to  the  other  side.     Comming  againe  at  night 
to  tne  Towne  he  found  two  peaceabfe  Indians,  which 
shewed  him  the  passage,  and  which  way  hee  was  to  goe. 
There  they  made  of  canes,  and  of  the  timber  of  houses 
thatched  with  canes,  rafts  wherewith  they  passed  the  Lake.  Rafts  whire- 
They  travelled  three  dayes,  and  came  to  a  Towne  of  the  ^*^  '^ 
Territorie  of  Nilco,  called  Tianto.     There  they  tooke  ^^^ 
thirtie  Indians,  and  among  them  two  principall  men  of  Ttanto. 
this    Towne.     The    Governour    sent    a    Captaine    with 
Horsemen  and  Footmen  before  to  Nilco,  oecause  the 
Indians,  might  have  no  time  to  carrie  away  the  provision. 
They  passed  through  3.  or  4.  great  Towns;  and  in  the  i^ or ^. great 
Towne  where  the  Gicique  was  resident,  which  was  two  ^^*^^- 
leagues  from  the  place  where  the  Govemour  remained, 
they  found  many  Indians  with  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes, 
in  manner  as  though  they  would  have  stayed  to  fight, 
which  did  compasse  the  Towne;    and  as  soone  as  they 
saw  the  Christians  come  neere  them  without  misdoubting 
ti^em,  they  set  the  Caciques  house  on  fire,  and  fled  over  a 

37 


A.D. 

1542. 


March  29. 
Nilco. 


Fery  great 
Totones, 

The  best 
Countrie  of 
Florida, 


Martems 
skitmes, 
A  cordon  of 
Pearles, 


A  River 
falling  into 
Rio  grande. 


[IV.  viii. 

1552.] 


Guachoya. 


Foure  names  of 
Rio  grande. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Lake  that  passed  neere  the  Towne,  through  which  the 
Horses  comd  not  passe. 

The  next  day  being  Wednesday  the  nine  and  twentieth 
of  March,  the  Governour  came  to  Nilco :  he  lodged  with 
all  his  men  in  the  Caciques  Towne,  which  stood  in  a 
plaine  field,  which  was  inhabited  for  the  space  of  a  quarter 
of  a  league :  and  within  a  league  and  haUe  a  league  were 
other  very  great  Townes,  wherein  was  great  store  of 
Maiz,  of  French  Beanes,  of  Walnuts,  and  Pnmes.  This 
was  the  best  inhabited  Countrie,  that  was  seene  in  Florida, 
and  had  most  store  of  Maiz,  except  Co9a,  and  Apalache. 
There  came  to  the  Campe  an  Indian  accompanied  with 
others,  and  in  the  Caciques  name  gave  the  Governour  a 
Mantle  of  Marterns  skmnes,  and  a  Cordon  of  Pearles. 
The  Governour  gave  him  a  few  small  Margarites,  which 
are  certaine  Beades  much  esteemed  in  Peru,  and  other 
things,  wherewith  he  was  very  well  contented.  He 
promised  to  returne  within  two  dayes,  but  never  came 
againe:  but  on  the  contrary  the  Indians  came  by  night 
in  Canoas,  and  carried  away  all  the  Maiz  they  could,  and 
made  them  Cabins  on  the  other  side  of  the  River. 

This  River  which  passed  by  Nilco,  was  that  which 
passed  by  Cayas  and  Autiamque,  and  fell  into  Rio  grande, 
or  the  Great  Kiver^  which  passed  by  Pachaha  and  Aquixo, 
neere  unto  the  Province  or  Guachoya.  Within  few  dayes 
the  Governour  determined  to  goe  to  Guachoya,  to  learne 
there  whether  the  Sea  were  neere,  or  whether  there  were 
any  habitation  neere,  where  he  might  relieve  his  companie, 
while  the  Brigantines  were  makmg,  which  he  meant  to 
send  to  the  Land  of  the  Christians.  He  came  to 
Guachoya  upon  Sunday  the  seventeenth  of  Aprill:  hee 
lodged  in  the  Towne  of  the  Cacique,  which  was  inclosed 
about,  and  seated  a  Cros-bow  shot  distant  fi*om  the  River. 
Here  the  River  is  called  Tamaliseu ;  and  in  Nilco,  Tapatu ; 
and  in  Co9a,  Mico ;  and  in  the  Port  or  Mouth,  Ri. 

The  Cacique  of  Guachoya  brought  with  him  many 
Indians  with  great  store  of  Fish,  Dogges,  Deeres  skinnes, 
and  Mantles.     Hee  asked  him  whether  he  had  any  notice 

38 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  aj>. 

1542. 

of  the  Sea.     Hce  answered,  no,  nor  of  any  Townes  downe 

the  River  on  that  side.     The  Governour  thought  that 

the  Cacique  lyed  unto  him,  to  rid  him  out  of  his  owne 

Townes,  and  sent  John  Danusco  with  eight  Horsemen 

downe  the  River,  to  see  what  habitation  there  was,  and 

to  informe  himselfe,  if  there  were  any  notice  of  the  Sea. 

He  travelled  eight  dayes,  and  at  his  retume  he  said,  that 

in  all  that  time  he  was  not  able  to  goe  above  fourteene 

or  fifteene  leagues,  because  of  the  great  creekes  that  came 

out  of  the  River,  and  groves  of  Canes,  and  thicke  Woods 

that  were  along  the  bankes  of  the  River,  and  that  he  had 

foimd   no   habitation.     The  Governour   fell   into   great  The  Governor 

dumpes,  to  see  how  hard  it  was  to  get  to  the  Sea :  and  f^^^  ^^^^  rf 

worse,  because  his  Men  and  Horses  every  day  diminished,  '^•^^^* 

being   without    succour   to   sustaine   themselves   in    the 

Countrie:   and  with  that  thought  hee  fell  sicke.      But 

before  he  tooke  his  bed,  he  sent  an  Indian  to  the  Cacique 

of  Quigalta,  to  tell  him,  that  he  was  the  Child  of  the 

Sunne,  and  that  all  the  way  that  he  came  all  men  obeyed 

and  served  him,  that  he  requested  him  to  accept  of  his 

friendship,  and  come  unto  him ;  for  he  would  be  very  glad 

to  see  him :  and  in  signe  of  love  and  obedience  to  bring 

something  with  him  of  that  which  in  his  Countrie  was 

most   esteemed.     The   Cacique   answered   by   the   same 

Indian : 

That  whereas  he  said,  that  he  was  the  Childe  of  the  A  most  witHe 
Sunne,  if  he  woxild  drie  up  the  River  hee  woxild  beleeve  ^^'^^ 
him :   and  touching  the  rest,  that  he  was  wont  to  visit  ^^Cadatnof 
none :  but  rather  that  all  those  of  whom  hee  had  notice  Quigalta. 
did    visit   him,   served,   obeyed  and  paid   him   tributes 
willingly  or  perforce :  therefore  if  hee  desired  to  see  him, 
it  were  best  he  should  come  thither :  that  if  he  came  in 
peace,  hee  woxild  receive  him  with  speciall  goodwill ;  and 
if  in  warre,  in  like  manner  he  woiild  attend  him  in  the 
Towne  where  he  was,  and  that  for  him  or  any  other  he 
would  not  shrinke  one  foote  backe. 

By  that  time  the  Indian  returned  with  this  answere,  the 
Governour    had  betaken   himselfe   to   bed,   being   evill 

39 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

handled  with  Fevers,  and  was  much  aggrieved,  that  hee 
was  not  in  case  to  passe  presently  the  River,  and  to  seek 
him,  to  see  if  he  could  abate  that  pride  of  his,  considering 
the  River  went  now  very  strongly  in  those  parts ;  for  it 
was  neere  halfe  a  league  broad,  and  16.  fathoms  deepe,  & 
very  furious,  and  ran  with  a  great  current ;  and  on  both 
sides  were  many  Indians,  and  his  power  was  not  now 
so  great,  but  that  he  had  need  to  helpe  himselfe  rather  by 
slights  then  force. 

The    Governour    felt    in    himselfe    that    the    houre 
approached,  wherein  he  was  to  leave  this  present  life, 
and  called  for  the  Kings  Officers,  Captaines  and  principal! 
persons.     Hee  named  Luys  de  Moscoso  de  Alvarado  his 
Captaine  generall.     And  presently  he  was  sworne  by  all 
that  were  present,  and  elected  for  Governour.     The  next 
The  death  of   day,  being  the  one  and  twentieth  of  May,  1542.  departed 
Don  Ferdi'      q^^   of  this   life,    the   valorous,    virtuous,   and    valiant 
^tkezif      C^pt^^^j  1^0^  Fernando  de  Soto,  Governour  of  Cuba, 
Majy  1542.    ^^^  Adelantado  of  Florida:  whom  fortime  advanced,  as 
at  Guacoya.     it  useth  to  doe  others,  that  he  might  have  the  higher  &11. 
Hee  departed  in  such  a  place,  and  at  such  a  time,  as  in 
his  sicknesse  he  had  but  little  comfort:  and  the  danger 
wherein  all  his  people  were  of  perishing  in  that  Countrie, 
which  appeared  before  their  eyes,  was  cause  sufficient,  why 
every  one  of  them  had  neede  of  comfort,  and  why  they 
did  not  visite  nor  accompanie  him  as  they  ought  to  have 
done.     Luys  de  Moscoso  determined  to  concede  his  death 
from  the  Indians,  because  Ferdinando  de  Soto  had  made 
them  beleeve.  That  the  Christians  were  immortall;   and 
also  because  they  tooke  him  to  be  hardy,  wise,  and  valiant : 
and  if  they  should  knowe  that  hee  was  dead,  they  would 
be  bold  to  set  upon  the  Christians,  though  they  lived 
peaceably  by  them.     In  regard  of  their  disposition,  and 
because  they  were  nothing  constant,  and  beleevcd  all  that 
J  wittie         ly^ras  told  them,  the  Adelantado  made  them  beleeve,  that 
stratagem,       j^^  knew  some  things  that  passed  in  secret  among  them- 
selves, without  their  knowledge,  how,  or  in  what  manner 
he  came  by  them :  and  that  the  figure  which  appeared  in 

40 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a,d. 

1542. 
a  Glasse,  which  he  shewed  them,  did  tell  him  whatsoever 
they  practised  and  went  about :  and  therefore  neither  in 
word  nor  deed  durst  they  attempt  any  thing  that  might 
be  prejudiciall  unto  him. 

As  soone  as  he  was  dead,  Luys  de  Moscoso  comnunded 

to  put  him  secretly  in  an  house,  where  he  remayned  three 

dayes:  and  removing  him  from  thence,  commanded  him 

to  be  buried  in  the  night  at  one  of  the  gates  of  the  Towne 

within  the  wall.     And  as  the  Indians  had  seene  him 

sick,  and  missed  him,  so  did  they  suspect  what  might 

be.     And  passing  by  the  place  where  he  was  buried, 

seeing  the  earth  moved,  they  looked  and  spake  one  to 

another.     Luys  de  Moscoso  understanding  of  it,  com- 

iranded  him  to  be  taken  up  by  night,  and  to  cast  a  great 

deale  of  sand  into  the  Mantles,  wherein  he  was  winded 

up,  wherein  he  was  carried  in  a  Canoa,  and  throwne  into 

the  midst   of  the  River.     The   Cacique   of   Guachoya 

inquired  of  him,  demanding  what  was  become  of  his 

brother  and  Lord,  the  Governor :  Luys  de  Moscoso  told 

him,  that  he  was  gone  to  Heaven,  as  many  other  times 

he  did :  and  because  he  was  to  stay  there  certaine  dayes, 

he  had  left  him  in  his  place.     The  Cacique  thought  with  [IV.  viii. 

himselfe  that  he  was  dead;   and  commanded  two  young  <S53-] 

and  well  proportioned  Indians  to  be  brought  thither; 

and  said,  that  the  use  of  that  Countrie  was,  when  any  This  is  also  the 

Lord  died,  to  kill  Indians,  to  waite  upon  him,  and  serve  custcme  of  the 

him  by  the  way :  and  for  that  purpose  by  his  commande-  ^^  Tartars. 

ment  were  those  come   thither:    and  prayed  Luys  de 

Moscoso  to  conmiand  them  to  be  beheaded,  that  they 

might  attend  and  serve  his  Lord  and  brother.     Luys  de 

Moscoso  told  him,  that  the  Governour  was  not  dead,  but 

gone  to  Heaven,  and  that  of  his  owne  Christian  Souldiers, 

he  had  taken  such  as  he  needed  to  serve  him,  and  prayed 

him  to  command  those  Indians  to  be  loosed,  and  not  to 

use  any  such  bad  custome  from  thenceforth :.  straightway 

he  commanded  them  to  be  loosed,  and  to  get  them  home 

to  their  houses.     And  one  of  them  would  not  goe ;  saying, 

that  he  would  not  serve  him,  that  without  desert  had 

41 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1542. 

judged  him  to  death,  but  that  hee  would  serve  him  as 
long  as  he  lived,  which  had  saved  his  life. 

Their  generall      All  were  of  opinion,  that  it  was  best  to  goe  by  land 

^^^^^^^nL  f     toward  the  West,  because  Nueva  Espanna  was  that  way ; 

^stzoard  ^^^Iding  the  Voyage  by  Sea  more  dangerous,  and  of  greater 
hazard,  because  mey  could  make  no  ship  of  any  strength 
to  abide  a  storme,  neither  had  they  Master,  nor  Pilot, 
Compas,  nor  Chart,  neither  knew  they  how  farre  the  Sea 
was  off,  nor  had  any  notice  of  it ;  nor  whether  the  River 
did  make  any  great  turning  into  the  Land,  or  had  any 
great  fall  from  the  Rockes,  where  all  of  them  might  be 
cast  away.  And  some  which  had  seene  the  Sea-chart,  did 
finde,  that  from  the  place  where  they  were,  by  the  Sea- 
coast  to  Nueva  Espanna,  might  be  foure  hundred  leagues 
little  more  or  lesse;  and  said,  that  though  they  went 
somewhat  about  by  Land  in  seeking  a  peopled  Countrie, 
if  some  great  Wildernesse  which  they  could  not  passe 
did  not  hinder  them,  by  spending  that  Sununer  in  travell, 
finding  provision  to  passe  the  Winter  in  some  peopled 
Countrie,  that  the  next  Summer  after  they  might  come 
to  some  Christian  Land,  and  that  it  might  fortune  in  their 
travell  by  Land,  to  finde  some  rich  Countrie,  where  they 
might  doe  themselves  good.  The  Governour,  although 
he  desired  to  get  out  of  Florida  in  shorter  time,  seeing 
the  inconveniences  they  layed  before  him,  in  travelling 
by  Sea,  determined  to  follow  that  which  seemed  good  to 
them  all. 

June  5.  On    Monday   the   fifth   of  June,   he   departed   from 

Guachoya.  The  Cacique  gave  him  a  Guide  to  Chaguate, 
and  stayed  at  home  in  his  owne  Towne.     They  passed 

Catalte,  through  a  Province  called  Catalte:  and  having  passed  a 

Wildernesse  of  sixe  dayes  Journey,  the  twentieth  day  of 

Chaguate,  ^^^  moneth  he  came  to  Chaguate.  There  he  was  informed 
of  the  habitation  that  was  toward  the  West.  They  told 
him,  that  three  dayes  Journey  from  thence  was  a  Province 

Aguacay,  called  Aguacay.  The  Governour  came  to  this  Towne  on 
Wednesday,  the  fourth  of  July.  He  found  the  Towne 
without  people,  and  lodged  in  it ;   he  stayed  there  about 

42 


FERDINANDO  DE   SOTO 

a  day;  during  which,  he  made  some  roades,  and  tooke 
many  men  and  women.  There  they  had  knowledge  of 
the  South  Sea. 

The  next  day  he  came  to  a  small  Towne  called  Pato. 
The  fourth  day  after  his  departure  from  Aguacay  he  came 
to  the  first  habitation  of  a  Province  called  Amaye.  There 
an  Indian  was  taken,  which  said  that  from  thence  to 
Naguatex,  was  a  day  and  a  halfes  Journey;  which  they 
travelled,  finding  all  the  way  inhabited  places.  Having 
passed  the  peopwd  Countrie  of  Amaye,  on  Saturday  the 
twentieth  of  July  they  pitched  their  Campe  at  noone 
between  Amaye  and  Naguatex.  The  next  day  he  came 
to  the  habitation  of  Naguatex,  which  was  very  scattering. 
Within  foure  dayes  he  departed  thence,  and  comming  to 
the  River,  hee  could  not  passe,  because  it  was  growne 
very  bigge ;  which  seemed  to  him  a  thing  of  admiration, 
being  at  that  time  that  it  was,  and  since  it  had  not  rained 
a  moneth  before.  The  Indians  said,  that  it  increased 
many  times  after  that  manner  without  rayning  in  all  the 
Countrie.  It  was  supposed,  that  it  might  bee  the  tide  that 
came  into  it.  It  was  learned  that  the  floud  came  alway 
from  above,  and  that  the  Indians  of  all  the  Countrie 
had  no  knowledge  of  the  Sea. 

Hee  departed  from  Naguatex,  and  within  three  dayes 
Journey  came  to  a  Towne  of  foure  or  five  houses,  which 
belonged  to  the  Cacique  of  that  Province,  which  is  called 
Nissoone:  it  was  evill  inhabited,  and  had  little  Maiz. 
Two  dayes  journey  forward  the  Guides  which  guided  the 
Governour,  if  they  were  to  goe  Westward,  guided  him  to 
the  East;  and  somtimes  went  up  and  downe  through 
very  great  Woods  out  of  the  way.  The  Governour  com- 
manded them  to  bee  hanged  upon  a  tree :  and  a  woman 
that  they  tooke  in  Nissoone  guided  him,  and  went  backe 
againe  to  seeke  the  way.  In  two  dayes  he  came  to  another 
miserable  Towne,  called  Lacana:  an  Indian  was  taken 
in  that  place,  and  said,  that  the  Countrie  of  Nondacao 
was  a  Countrie  of  great  habitation,  and  the  houses 
scattering  the  one  from  the  other,  as  they  use  to  be  in 

43 


A.D. 
1542. 

Knotoledge  of 
the  South  Sea, 
Pato. 

Amaye. 


July  20. 

Naguatex, 

The  River 
grotone 
uufassable  in 
August  at 
Naguatex, 


Conjectures  of 
a  Sea  to  the 
Northward. 


Nissoone, 


Lacana, 
Nondacao, 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

Mountaines,  and  had  great  store  of  Maiz.  The  Gicique 
came  with  his  men  weeping,  like  them  of  Naguatex :  for 
this  is  their  use,  in  token  of  obedience:  he  made  him 
a  present  of  much  fish,  and  offered  to  doe  what  he  would 
command  him. 

The    Governour    departed    from    Nondacao    toward. 

Soacatina,  and  in  five  dayes  journey  came  to  a  Province 

Aays.  called  Aays.     That  day  that  the  Governour  departed  from 

thence,  the  Indian  that  guided  him  said,  that  in  Nondacao 

he  had  heard  say,  that  the  Indians  of  Soacatino  had  seene 

other  Christians,  whereof  they  were  all  glad;    thinking 

it  might  be  true,  and  that  they  might  have  entred  into 

those  parts  by  Nueva  Espanna ;  and  that  if  it  were  so,  it 

was  in  their  owne  hands  to  goe  out  of  Florida,  if  they 

found  nothing  of  profit :  for  they  feared  they  should  lose 

[IV.  viii.        themselves  in  some  wildernesse.     This  Indian  led  him 

*554-]  two  dayes  out  of  the  way.     The  Governour  commanded 

to  torture  him.     He  said,  that  the  Cacique  of  Nondacao^ 

his  Lord,  commanded  him  to  guide  them  so,  because  they 

were  his  enemies,  and  that  he  was  to  doe  as  his  Lord 

commanded  him.     The  Governour  commanded  him  to 

Soacatino,        be  Cast  to  the  dogs :  and  another  guided  him  to  Soacatino, 

whither  he  came  the  day  following.     It  was  a  very  poore 

Country:   there  was  great  want  of  Maiz  in  that  place. 

He  asked  the  Indians  whether  they  knew  of  any  other 

Christians.     They  said,  that  a  little  from  thence  toward 

Twenty  dms    the  South  they  heard  they  were.     He  travelled  twcntie 

traveU  totoard  dayes   through  a  Country  evill   inhabited,  where   they 

the  South.        suffered  great  scarcitie  and  trouble.     For  that  little  Maiz 

which  the  Indians  had,  they  had  hidden  and  buried  in  the 

M  ^/?  d       ^^^^^>  where  the  Christians,  after  they  were  well  wearied 

someTurkie     ^^^^  travell,  at  the  end  of  their  journey  went  to  seeke 

stones,  y        by  digging  what  they  should  eate.     At  last,  comming  ta 

mantles  0/       a  Province  that  was  called  Guasco,  they  found  Maiz, 

Gotten  toooU.  wherewith  they  loaded  their  horses,  and  the  Indians  that 

Ihe  Kiver  of  .%        ^    \ 

Daycao,  which  ^"^7  "^d- 

seemeth  to  be        The  Indians  told  them  there,  that  ten  dales  joumie 

Rio  deloro.  from  thence  toward  the  West,  was  a  River  called  Daycao  : 

44 


FERDINANDO   DE  SOTO  a,d. 

1542- 
whither  they  went  sometimes  a  hunting  and  killing  of 
Deere :  and  that  they  had  seene  people  on  the  other  side, 
but  knew  not  what  habitation  was  there.  There  the 
Christians  tooke  such  Maiz  as  they  found  and  could  carry, 
and  going  ten  daies  journie  through  a  wildernesse,  thev 
came  to  the  River  which  the  Indians  had  told  them  or. 
Ten  horsemen  which  the  Governour  had  sent  before, 
passed  over  the  same,  and  went  in  a  way  that  led  to  the 
River,  and  lighted  upon  a  company  of  Indians  that  dwelt 
in  very  little  cabins;  who,  as  soone  as  they  saw  them, 
tooke  themselves  to  flight,  leaving  that  which  they  had ; 
all  which  was  nothing  but  miserie  and  povertie.  The 
Countrie  was  so  poore,  that  among  them  all  there  was 
not  found  halfe  a  pecke  of  Maiz.  The  horsemen  tooke 
two  Indians,  and  returned  with  them  to  the  River,  where 
the  Governour  staled  for  them.  He  sought  to  learne  of 
them  what  habitation  was  toward  the  West.  There  was 
none  in  the  Campe  that  could  understand  their  language. 
The  Governour  assembled  the  Captaines  and  principall 
persons,  to  determine  with  their  advice  what  they  should 
doe.  And  the  most  part  said,  that  they  thought  it  best 
to  returne  backe  to  Rio  grande,  or  the  great  River  of 
Guachoya;  because  that  m  Nilco  and  thereabout  was 
store  of  Maiz;  saying,  that  they  would  make  Pinnaces 
that  winter,  and  the  next  Summer  passe  downe  the  River 
to  the  Seaward  in  them,  and  comming  to  the  Sea  they 
would  goe  along  the  coast  to  Nueva  Espanna.  For 
though  It  seemed  a  doubtfiill  thing  and  diflicult,  by  that 
which  they  had  already  alleadged,  yet  it  was  the  last 
remedy  they  had.  For  by  land  they  could  not  goe  for  No  travelTtng 
want  of  an  Interpreter.  And  they  held  that  the  Countrie  by  land 
beyond  the  River  of  Daycao,  where  they  were,  was  that  ^^^^  ^» 
which  Cabe^a  de  Vaca  mentioned  in  his  relation  that  he  ^^^^^^^^' 
passed  of  the  Indians,  which  lived  like  the  Alarbes,  having 
no  setled  place,  and  fed  upon  Tunas  and  rootes  of  the 
fields,  and  wilde  beasts  that  they  killed.  Which  if  it 
were  so,  if  they  should  enter  into  it  and  finde  no  victuals 
to  passe  the  winter,  they  could  not  choose  but  perish. 

45 


A.D. 

1542. 


Goldy  Silver 
and  precious 
stones  in 
Florida, 


Turkie  stones 
and  Mantles  of 
Gotten  toooU 
found  in 
Guasco, 
150.  leagues 
betweene  the 
River  of 
Daycaoy  and 
Rio  grande. 
The  beginning 
of  December, 

Raine  with 
Northren 
toinde  exceed- 
ing cold. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

For  they  were  entred  already  into  the  beginning  of 
October:  and  if  they  staied  any  longer,  they  were  not 
able  to  returne  for  raine  and  snowes,  nor  to  sustaine 
themselves  in  so  poore  a  Countrie.  The  Governour  (that 
desired  long  to  see  himselfe  in  a  place  where  hee  might 
sleepe  his  full  sleepe,  rather  then  to  conquer  and  goveme 
a  Countrie  where  so  many  troubles  presented  themselves) 
presently  returned  backe  that  same  way  that  he  came. 

When  that  which  was  determined  was  published  to 
the  Campe,  there  were  many  that  were  greatly  grieved 
at  it :  for  they  held  the  Sea  voyage  as  doubtfull,  for  the 
evill  meanes  they  had,  and  as  great  danger  as  the  travelling 
by  land:  and  they  hoped  to  finde  some  rich  Countrey 
before  they  came  to  the  land  of  the  Christians,  by  that 
which  Cabefa  de  Vaca  had  told  the  Emperour :  and  that 
was  this;  That  after  he  had  found  cloathes  made  of 
Cotten  wooll,  hee  saw  Gold  and  Silver,  and  stones  of 
great  value.  And  they  had  not  yet  come  where  hee  had 
beene.  For  untill  that  place  he  alwayes  travelled  by  the 
Sea  coast :  and  they  travelled  farre  within  the  land ;  and 
that  going  toward  the  West,  of  necessitie  they  shovdd 
come  where  he  had  beene.  For  he  said.  That  in  a  certaine 
place  he  travelled  many  dayes,  and  entred  into  the  land 
toward  the  North.  And  in  Guasco  they  had  already 
found  some  Turkie  stones,  and  Mantles  of  Cotten  wool! ; 
which  the  Indians  signified  by  signes  that  they  had  from 
the  West :  and  that  holding  that  course  they  should  draw 
neere  to  the  land  of  the  Christians.  From  Daycao,  where 
now  they  were,  to  Rio  grando,  or  the  great  River,  was 
one  hundred  and  fiftie  leagues:  which  unto  that  place 
they  had  gone  Westward.  They  departed  from  Nilco 
in  the  begmning  of  December;  and  all  that  way,  and 
before  from  Chilano,  they  endured  much  trouble;  for 
they  passed  through  many  waters,  and  many  times  it 
rained  with  a  Northren  winde,  and  was  exceeding  colde, 
so  that  they  were  in  open  field  with  water  over  and 
underneath  them:  and  when  at  the  end  of  their  dayes 
journey  they  found  dry  ground  to  rest  upon,  they  gave 

46 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  ad. 

1543- 
great  thankes  to  God.     With  this  trouble  almost  all  the 

Indians  that  served  them  died-  And  after  they  were  in 
Minoya,  many  Christians  also  died :  and  the  most  part 
were  sicke  of  great  and  dangerous  diseases,  which  had  a 
spice  of  the  lethargie. 

As  soone  as  they  came  to  Minoya,  the  Governour 
commanded  them  to  gather  all  the  chaines  together,  which 
every  one  had  to  lead  Indians  in ;  and  to  gather  all  the 
Iron  which  they  had  for  their  provision,  and  all  the  rest 
that  was  in  the  Campe :  and  to  set  up  a  forge  to  make 
nailes,  and  commanded  them  to  cut  downe  timber  for  the 
Brigandines.  And  a  Portugall  of  Ceuta,  who  having  bin  [IV.  viii. 
a  prisoner  in  Fez,  had  learned  to  saw  timber  with  a  long  >555] 

Saw,  which  for  such  purposes  they  had  carried  with  them, 
did  teach  others,  which  helped  them  to  saw  timber.     And 
a  Genowis,  whom  it  pleased  God  to  preserve  (for  without 
him  they  had  never  come  out  of  the  Countrie ;  for  there 
was  never  another  that  could  make  Ships  but  he)  with 
foure  or  five  other  Biscaine  Carpenters,  which  hewed  his 
plankes  and  other  timbers,  made  the  Brigandines:  And 
two  calkers,  the  one  of  Genua,  the  other  of  Sardinia  did 
calke  them  with  the  tow  of  an  hearbe  like  Hempe,  whereof 
before    I    have   made   mention,   which   there   is   named 
Enequen.     And  because  there  was  not  enough  of  it,  they  Enequen  is  an 
calked  them  with  the  flaxe  of  the  Countrie,  and  with  the  ^rbe  like 
Mantles,  which  they  ravelled  for  that  purpose.     A  Cooper  j^/'"^''^  . 
made  for  every  Brigandine  two  halfe  hogs  heads,  which  countrie! 
the  Mariners  call  quarterers,  because  foure  of  them  hold  The  mighty 
a  Pipe  of  water.     In  the  moneth  of  March,  when  it  had  ificreasing  of 
not  rained  a  moneth  before,  the  River  grew  so  big,  that  '^  River  for 
it  came  to  Nilco,  which  was  nine  leagues  off :   and  on  ^^ce'^^ow^it 
the  other  side,  the  Indians  said,  that  it  reached  other  nine  all  March  and 
leagues  into  the  land.     In  the  towne  where  the  Christians  AprilL 
were,  which  was  somewhat  high  ground,  where  they  coxild  ^^  ff"^^ 
best  goe,  the  water  reached  to  the  sturops.     They  made  '^^j^^^^f 
certaine  rafts  of  timber,  and  laid  many  boughes  upon  against  the 
them,  whereon  they  set  their  horses,  and  in  the  houses  Christians, 
they  did  the  like.     But  seeing  that  nothing  prevailed,  ^otewelL 

47 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1543- 

they  went  up  to  the  lofts :  and  if  they  went  out  of  the 

houses,  it  was  in  Canoes,  or  on  horseback  in  those  places 
where  the  ground  was  highest.  So  they  were  two 
moneths,  and  could  doe  nothing,  during  which  time  the 
River  decreased  not.  The  Indians  ceased  not  to  come 
unto  the  Brigantines  as  they  were  wont,  and  came  in 
Canoes.  At  that  time  the  Govcrnour  feared  they  would 
set  upon  him.  He  commanded  his  men  to  take  an  Indian 
secretly  of  those  that  came  to  the  Towne,  and  stay  him 
till  the  rest  were  gone:  and  they  tooke  one.  The 
Governour  commanded  him  to  be  put  to  torture,  to  make 
him  confesse  whether  the  Indians  did  practise  any  treason 
or  no.  Hee  confessed  that  the  Caciques  of  Nilco, 
Guachoya,  and  Taguanate,  and  others,  which  in  all  were 
about  twenty  Caciques,  with  a  great  number  of  people, 
determined  to  come  upon  him;  and  that  three  dayes 
before,  they  woxild  send  a  great  present  of  fish  to  colour 
their  great  treason  and  mahce,  and  on  the  very  day  they 
would  send  some  Indians  before  with  another  present. 
And  these  with  those  which  were  our  slaves,  which  were 
of  their  conspiracie  also,  shoidd  set  the  houses  on  fire, 
and  first  of  all  possesse  themselves  of  the  lances  which 
stood  at  the  doores  of  the  houses ;  and  the  Caciques  with 
all  their  men  should  be  neere  the  Towne  in  ambush  in 
the  wood,  and  when  they  saw  the  fire  kindled,  should 
come,  and  make  an  end  of  the  conquest.  The  Governour 
commanded  the  Indian  to  be  kept  in  a  chaine,  and  the 
selfe  same  day  that  he  spake  of,  there  came  thirty  Indians 
Thirty  with  fish.     Hee  commanded  their  right  hands  to  be  cut 

Indians  of  the  off,  and  sent  them  so  backe  to  the  Cacique  of  Guachojra, 
^f^GtMch  whose  men  they  were.  He  sent  him  word,  that  he  and 
have7h^^  the  rest  should  come  when  they  would,  for  he  desired 
right  hands  cut  nothing  more,  and  that  he  should  know,  that  they  taught 
^jF'  not  any  thing  which  he  knew  not  before  they  thought  of 

it.  Hereupon  they  all  were  put  in  a  very  great  teare : 
And  the  Caciques  of  Nilco  and  Taguanate  came  to  excuse 
themselves ;  and  a  few  dayes  after  came  he  of  Guachoya. 
The  Brigandines  being  finished  in  the  moneth  of  June, 

48 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1543- 

the  Indians  having  told  us,  That  the  River  increased  TJ^  River 

tut  once  a  yeare,  when  the  Snowes  did  melt,  in  the  time  i^^^^^  ^ 

wherein  I  mentioned,  it  had  ahready  increased,  beins  now  ^^g^^^j 

in  Summer,  and  having  not  rained  a  long  time,  it  {ueased  ^  f^u  in 

God  that  the  flood  came  up  to  the  Towne  to  seeke  the  ManJk  (f 

frigandines,  from  whence  they  carried  them  by  water  to  ^f^- 

the  River.  Which  if  they  had  gone  by  land,  had  beene  ^J^"^ 
in  danger  of  breaking  and  splitting  their  keeles,  and  to 
be  all  undone ;  because  that  for  want  of  Iron,  the  spikes 
were  short,  and  the  plankes  and  timber  were  very  weake. 
They  shipped  two  and  twenty  of  the  best  Horses  that 
were  in  the  Campe,  the  rest  they  made  dried  flesh  of ;  and 
dressed  the  Hogges  which  they  had  in  like  manner.     They 

departed  from  Minop  the  second  day  of  July  1543.  «,.       ., 

There  went  from  Minoya  three  hundred  twenty  and  j^^^io 

two  Spaniards  in  seven  Brigandines,  well  made,  save  that  Grande  frm 

the  plankes  were  thin,  because  the  nailes  were  short,  and  Miwya  17. 

were  not  pitched,  nor  had  any  decks  to  keepe  the  water  ^^  ^^fi^^ 

from  comming  in.     In  stead  of  deckes  they  laid  plankes,  J^J^^  ^ 

whereon  the  Marriners  might  run  to  trim  their  sailes,  thereof.   This 

and  the  people  might  refresh  themselves  above  and  below.  Author 

They  sailed  downe  the  River  seventeene  dayes ;   which  ^^^^^  ^ 

may  be  two  hundred  and  fiftie  leagues  journey,  little  more  l?^^  M^  w 

or  Jesse :  and  neere  unto  the  Sea  the  River  is  divided  into  rechoneihjoo. 

two  armes;   each  of  them  is  a  league  and  a  halfe  broad,  sayings  that  he 

By  the  way  the  Indians  set  on  them:   slew  some,  and  carried toith 

wounded  many.  C»3^^iooo 

The  eighteenth  of  July,  they  went  forth  to  Sea  with  fj^^  addeth] 

faire  and  prosperous  weather  for  their  voyage.      They  that  Juan 

sailed  with  a  reasonable  good  winde  that  day  and  the  night  Ponce  deLeouj 

following,  and  the  next  day  till  evening  song,  alwaies  in  '^A''^«- 

fi-esh  water,  whereat  they  wondred  much ;  for  they  were  j^*^^  ^,/ 

very  farre  from  land.     But  the  force  of  the  ciurent  of  the  himselfe  and 

80.  men. 
Lucas  Fasques  was  alto  slaine  there  with  above  220.  Pamphila  de  Narvaez  went  with  400. 

Spamardsj  of  which  not  above  fmre  escaped^  i^c.  Donna  Isabella  Sotos  mft  dkd  also  with 
gtiefe,  Sofatall  hath  Florida  beene  to  Spaine^  that  (/  hope)  Virginia  may  have  the  greater 
dowry  for  her  En^sh  husband.  They  sailed  17.  daies  down  the  Rivery  which  is  about  252. 
ta. 

XYIII  49  D 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

^543- 

fresh  toaur     River  is  so  great,  and  the  coast  there  is  so  shallow  and 

almost  two       gentle,  that  tne  fresh  water  entreth  farre  into  the  Sea. 

inol^a^        They  indured  an  intolerable  storme  first,  and  after  that 

A  smarm  of   ^^  torment  of  an  infinite  swarme  of  Moskitos  which 

grievous         fell  upon  them,  which  as  soone  as  they  had  stung  the  flesh, 

Moskitoes.       it  so  infected  it,  as  though  they  had  beene  venomous. 

[IV.  viii.        Pqj,  (hg  sayles  which  were  white  seemed  blacke  with  them. 

'55  -J  Those  which  rowed,  unlesse  others  kept  them  away,  were 

not  able  to  rowe.     Having  passed  the  feare  and  danger  of 

the  storme,  beholding  the  deformities  of  their  faces,  and 

the  blowes  which  they  gave  themselves  to  drive  them 

away,  one  of  them  lauded  at  another.     They  met  all 

together  in  the  creeke,  where  the  two  Brigandines  were, 

which    outwent    their    fellowes.     There    was    found    a 

A  scum  of  the  skumme,  which  they  call  Copee,  which  the  Sea  casteth 

Sea  lihe  Pitch  up,  and  it  is  like  Pitch,  wherewith  in  some  places,  where 

calkd  Copee.    pj^^jj  jg  wanting,  they  pitch  their  ships :  there  they  pitched 

their  Brigandines.     They  rested   two   dayes,   and  then 

eftsoones  proceeded  on  their  Voyage.     They  sailed  two 

Another  deep    dayes  more,  and  landed  in  a  Bay  or  arme  of  the  Sea^ 

^^y-  where  they  stayed  two  dayes. 

From  the  time  that  they  put  out  of  Rio  Grande,  to  the 

Sea,  at  their  departure  from  Florida,  untill  they  arrived 

They  arrived  in  the  River  of  Panuco,  were  two  and  fiftie  dayes.     They 

^pHlcfr^^'^  came  into  the  River  of  Panuco  the  tenth  of  September, 

^umb}\o^  1543.     There  arrived  there  of  those  that  came  out  of 

311.  Chris-    Florida,  three  hundred  and  eleven  Christians. 

Hans  arrived       From  the  Port  de  Spiritu  Santo,  where  they  landed 

p  ^^T-  •     ^^^^  ^^^y  ^^itred  into  Florida,  to  the  Province  of  Ocute^ 

Santo  is  fnzq.  ^^^^^  ^^Y  ^c  foure  hundred  leagues,  little  more  or  lesse^ 

degrees  and  a  is  a  very  plaine  Countrie,  and  hath  many  Lakes  and  thicke 

halfif  on  the     Woods,  and  in  some  places  they  are  of  wilde  Pine-trees  ; 

West  side  of    and  is  a  weake  soyle:  There  is  in  it  neither  Mountaine 

Of«Af  ^^^  ^^^'    ^^^  Countrie  of  Ocute  is  more  fat  and  fruitfiill ; 

it  hath  thinner  Woods,  and  very  goodly  Medowes  upon 

Cutifachifui.    the  Rivers.      From  Ocute  to  Cutifachiqui  may  be   an 

hundred  and  thirty  leagues :  eightie  leagues  thereof  are 

Desart,   and   have   many   Groves   of  wilde   Pine-trees* 

so 


FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO  a.d. 

1543- 
Through  the  Wildemcssc  great  Rivers  doe  passe.     From 
Cutifadiiqui  to  Xuala,  may  bee  two  himdred  and  fifty  XtuUa, 
leagues:    it  is  all  an  hilly  Countrie.     Cutifadiiqui  and 
Xiuila  stand  both  in  plaine  ground,  high,  and  have  goodly 
Medowes  on  the  Rivers.     From  thence  forward  to  Qiiaha,  CkiaAa,  C«», 
Co(a,  and  Talise,  is  pkine  ground,  drie  and  fat,  and  very  ^*^  TaUsi. 
plentifiill  of  Maiz.     From  Xuala  to  Tascalu9a  may  be  Tascaluza. 
two  himdred  and  fifty  leagues.     From  Tascaluza  to  Rio  Rio  Grande. 
Grande,   or  the   Great   River,   may   be   three   himdred 
leagues :  the  Coimtrie  is  lowe,  and  full  of  Lakes.     Froni 
Rio  Grande  forward,  the  Countrie  is  higher  and  more 
champaine,  and  best  peopled  of  all  the  Land  of  Florida. 
And  along  the  River  nrom  Aquixo  to  Pacaha,  and  Coligoa,  Aquixo. 
are  an  hundred  and  fifty  leagues :  the  Countrie  is  plame,  Coligoa, 
and  the  woods  thinne,  and  in  some  places  champaine,  very 
fruitfuU  and  pleasant.     From  Coligoa  to  Autiamque  are  JuAamqui, 
two  hundred  and  fifty  leagues  of  hilly  Countrie.     From 
Autiamque  to  Aguacay,  may  bee  two  hundred  and  thirtie  Aguacay, 
leagues  of  plaine  ground.     From  Aguacay  to  the  River 
of  Daycao  an   hundred  and   twentie  leagues,   all  hilly 
Countrie. 

From  the  Port  de  Spiritu  Santo  unto  Apalache,  they 
travelled  from  East  to  West,  and  North-west.  From 
Cutifachiqui  to  Xuala  from  South  to  North.  From 
XuaJa  to  Co^a  from  East  to  West.  From  Co9a  to 
Tascalufa,  and  to  Rio  Grande,  as  farre  as  the  Province  of 
Quizquiz  and  Aquixo  from  East  to  West.  From  Aquixo 
to  Paicaha  to  the  North.  From  Pacaha  to  TuUa  firom 
East  to  West :  and  from  Tulla  to  Autiamque  from  North 
to  South,  to  the  Province  of  Guachoya  and  Daycao,  &c. 

This  Relation  of  the  discovery  of  Florida  was  printed 
in  the  house  of  Andrew  de  Burgos,  Printer  and  Gentle- 
man of  the  house  of  my  Lord  Cardinall  the  Infant.  It 
was  finished  the  tenth  of  February,  in  the  yeare  one 
thousand  five  hundred  fiftie  and  seven,  in  the  Noble  and 
most  loyall  Citie  of  Evora. 

[Chap.  III. 

5' 


A.D. 

1530- 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 


^AntdeMen- 
doza  writeth 
to  the 
Emperour^ 
that  hie  had 
14000. 
Indians  and 
400.  horse- 
men, 

Mechuacan, 
Crosses 
erected. 
[IV.  viii. 

1557.] 


*Alle  qnariy 
to  or  at  the 
tohich. 


Chap.  III. 

Divers  expeditions  from  Mexico  and  other  parts  of 
New  Spaine  and  New  Biskay,  especially  to  the 
more  Northerly  parts  of  America,  by  divers 
Spaniards  in  a  hundred  yeares  space. 

§•  I- 
The  Relation  of  Nunno   di    Gasman  written  to 
Charles  the  fift  Emperour  ;  translated  out  of 
Ramusios  third  Tome,  and  abridged. 

Writ  from  Mechuacan  to  yoxir  Majestie 
(after  I  had  written  from  Mexico)  that  I 
went  thence  with  one  hundred  and  fiftie 
horsemen,  and  as  many  footemen  well 
armed,  and  with  twelve  small  Peeces  of 
artillery,  and  7.  or  8000.*  Indians  our 
friends,  and  all  necessaries  for  the  dis- 
covery and  conquest  of  the  Countrey  from  the 
Terlichichimechi  which  continue  with  New  Spaine.  I 
arrived  at  the  River  of  the  purification  of  Saint  Mary, 
so  called  for  passing  it  on  that  day.  And  because  that 
Countrey  was  of  the  enemies,  I  determined  to  plant  there 
three  great  Crosses,  which  I  had  carried  with  me,  well 
wrought  and  of  good  proportion,  which  after  Masse  said 
in  Procession  with  Trumpets,  the  Captaines  and  I  carried 
on  our  shoulders,  and  planted  one  on  the  River,  and  the 
second  before  a  Church  of  the  Pxirification,  then  begun 
to  be  builded,  and  the  third  before  the  way  which  I  was 
to  passe,*  to  the  which  Crosses  with  all  devotion  wee 
after  made  due  prayer.  This  done,  the  standerds  of  the 
Crosse  began  to  be  directed  in  the  land  of  those  infidels, 
which  had  not  beene  done  since  the  Christians  entred 
those  parts.  Incontinently  some  people  met  us  in  peace, 
yeelding  themselves  and  promising  service.     Meane  while 

52 


NUNNO  DI  GUSMAN 


A.D. 
1530- 


Caamci  Lord 
of  Mechuacan 
burned. 


the  Church  was  finished  and  walled  about,  that  fifteene 
or  twenty  horsemen  might  lodge  within.  There  Masse 
was  said,  and  a  Sermon  was  preached ;  after  which  certaine 
ordinances  were  red  for  good  orders  to  be  kept  in  the 
Armic.  After  this,  on  the  seventh  of  February  possession 
was  taken  in  your  Majesties  name  of  that  New  Discoverie, 
and  on  the  foureteenth  was  made  the  request  which  is 
accustomed  to  be  made. 

In  regard  of  accusations  made  against  Caconci  Lord  of 
Mechuacan  for  rebellion  and  conspiracie  to  have  slaine  us, 
I  marched  against  him  and  found  the  information  true, 
besides  other  inormities  in  sacrificing  Indians  and  Chris- 
tians, as  he  had  used  to  doc  before  he  was  a  Christian, 
whereupon  I  condemned  him  to  the  fire,  as  may  be  seene 
in  the  processe  made  against  him.     Having  executed  this 
man  and  pacified  the  Countrie,  I  left  a  Spaniard  in  a 
fortresse  there  built  by  the  Indians,  and  travelled  six  daies 
in  a  Countrie  not  inhabited,  three  of  them  downe  the 
River,  leaving  at  every  lodging  place  a  Crosse.     On  the 
sixt  day  we  came  to  the  Province  Cuinao,  full  of  good  CulnM, 
Townes  and  abounding  in  victuals.     The  people  had  at 
first  armed  themselves  for  resistance,  but  when  I  sent 
Barius  against  them,  they  were  all  fled  to  the  Mountaines. 
The  light  horse  tooke  some  of  the  slowest  not  without 
making  some  defence.     I  sent  them  word  not  to  be  afraid, 
but  to  returne  to  their  houses  and  give  their  obedience, 
which  they  refusing,  I  marched  against  them  with  three 
squadrons,    and    sent    the   Overseer   on   one   part,   and 
Captaine  Ognate  on  the  other,  and  I  was  at  their  backes. 
The   Overseer  found    none   but   women   and   children. 
Ognate  incountred  with  about  one  hundred  men  with  their 
Bowes  and  Arrowes  wounded  sleightly  two  horses  and 
three  men,  but  many  of  them  were  slaine,  others  taken 
with  women  and  children  about  five  hundred,  which  I 
caused  to  be  kept  together,  lest  the  Indians  should  sacrifice 
them  after  their  wont.     The  Cacique  was  fled  to  the  next 
Province,    called  Cuinaquiro,   of  another  signiorie   and 
language.     Because  hee  came  not  at  my  sending,  I  went  to 

53 


Cmnquiro, 

Wretched 

hosfitality. 


coulc 
Couragious  foorc 
InSan,         ^^q 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1530- 

seeke  him.     Entring  that  Province  where  were  many 

Townes,  and  great  store  of  Maiz  and  Fruites,  wee  found 
many  people  dead,  sacrificed,  which  had  out  of  the  former 
Province  retired  thither  for  feare  of  us,  with  many  peeces 
of  flesh  which  they  use  to  eate.  I  sent  many  prisoners 
to  their  friends  to  let  them  see  that  I  came  not  to  slay 
them.  The  language  of  this  people  none  of  ours  could 
understand.  The  Overseer  encountred  three  hundred 
armed  with  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  which  the  day  before 
had  killed  foure  of  our  Indians:  they  set  upon  ours 
singing,  and  killed  a  Horse,  but  having  lost  one  himdred 
of  their  company,  the  rest  escaped.  I  found  my  men 
cutting  the  Horse  in  peeces,  that  the  enemies  might  see 
no  signe  of  him,  whereby  they  might  know  that  a  Horse 
'  dye.  I  sent  the  Campe  Master  to  discover  the 
three  Indians  set  on  him,  one  of  which  had  a 
land  sword  of  wood,  which  gave  him  two  blowes, 
but  the  Indian  was  slaine.  I  moved  forwards,  and  dis- 
covered many  inhabited  places.  Another  skirmish 
happened  with  the  Indians  wherein  above  one  hundred 
of  them  were  slaine.  All  the  Countrie  is  full  of  Maiz, 
Kidney-beanes,  Hens,  Parrats,  Palmitos:  there  growes 
much  Gotten,  and  some  shewes  appeared  of  Gold  and 
Silver  found  with  some  of  the  inhabitants. 

I  procxured  the  Cacique  to  come  to  me  with  all  his 

principall  men,  whom  I  entertained  with  much  kindnesse, 

Spanish       and  made  a  speech  to  them,  giving  them  to  understand 

preachingio  ^Yizt  God  was,  and  the  Pope,  and  what  they  ought  to 

^In^ls.      ^^^  ^^  ^^  saved :  and  how  the  King  of  Castile  was  the 

Minister  of  God  in  earth,  and  Lord  of  all  those  parts 

subject  to  him ;   and  that  to  me  in  his  royall  name  they 

were  to  yeelde  obedience  and  service;    and  that  they 

should  abstaine  from  sacrificing  &  adoration  to  Idols  and 

Divels,  which  they  had  hitherto  done,  because  God  alone 

was  to  be  worshipped,  feared  and  served,  and  after  him 

they  ought  to  serve  and  obey  on  earth  the  King  of  Castile. 

Indian        The  Cacique  answered  that  till  that  houre  hee  had  never 

simpliciAe.    fcnowne  any  thing  of  that  which  I  had  spoken,  nor  had 

54 


NUNNO  DI   GUSMAN  a.d, 

1530- 
ever  heard  of  any  but  me  that  which  I  declared ;  but  that 
he  now  conceived  great  pleasure  to  have  understood  it, 
and  that  from  henceforth  he  would  hold  for  God  the  King 
of  Castile,  and  would  worship  him.  I  answered  that  hee 
ought  not  so  to  doe,  for  the  King  of  Castile  was  a  mortall 
man  as  we  our  selves  are,  but  that  hee  was  Lord  and 
Sovcraigne  over  us  aU,  and  given  to  us  of  God  to  rule  and 
govcme  us,  and  we  were  to  serve  and  obey  him.  And 
6od  above,  which  created  heaven  and  earth,  and  all  things 
visible  and  invisible,  is  he  which  oi^ht  to  be  worshipped, 
feared,  and  served  above  all  things,  forasmuch  as  he  giveth 
us,  and  of  his  hands  we  hold  the  life  and  being  which  we 
have,  and  he  is  able  to  take  it  from  us  at  his  pleasxure. 

In  this  manner  he  stood  advised  of  that  which  he  ought 
to  doe,  although  their  wit  and  capacitie  be  very  small,  and 
their  will  much  disagreeing,  by  reason  of  their  ancient 
custome  of  serving  the  Divell.  But  seeing  aU  things 
must  have  a  beginning  and  labour,  and  herem  especiaUy 
the  grace  of  God  is  necessary  and  the  holy  Ghost  to  be  [IV.  viii. 
infused;    it  is  to  be  beleeved  and  hoped  of  his  infinite  'SS^.J 

gentlenesse  and  mercy,  that  having  directed  your  Maiestie 
to  discover  this  place  and  conquest,  in  vertue  thereof  and 
good  fortune,  alter  that  of  God,  all  things  shall  be  done 
prosperously,  and  he  will  suffer  to  give  to  this  Nation 
knowledge  of  the  truth.  And  if  it  be  not  so  suddenly 
done,  yet  the  way  shall  be  opened,  and  the  Countrie 
conversed  in,  and  inhabited  or  Christians,  which  adore 
and  laud  his  holy  Name,  where  before,  the  Devill  was 
adored  with  so  many  idolatries;  and  the  Baners  of  his 
most  holy  Crosse  shall  be  fixed  in  all  those  Countries, 
that  when  he  shaU  send  his  Grace,  those  Nations  may 
be  prepared  to  receive  it.  I  gave  to  that  Cacique  all  the 
people  which  I  had  taken,  and  they  beganne  to  reinhabite 
their  houses :  and  after  a  most  sumptuous  Crosse  placed 
there,  and  possession  of  those  Provinces  taken  in  your 
Majesties  name,  I  departed  by  the  way  of  another  Province 
called  Cuisco,  situate  on  the  other  side  of  a  great  River  Cuiseo. 
issuing  out  of  a  great  Lake.     After  a  battefl  with  this 

55 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1530- 

People,  wherein  we  prevailed  by  our  Artillerie,  the  Cacique 
sent  a  Messenger  to  me,  by  whom  I  sent  him  word,  that 
we  came  thither  to  have  them  our  friends,  and  to  take 
possession  of  that  Countrie,  in  the  name  of  the  King 
of  Castile.  Having  obtayned  provisions,  and  passing 
further,  in  an  Iland  in  the  River  happened  a  hard  skirmish^ 
in  which  divers  were  hurt,  many  of  theirs  slaine  and  taken> 
and  the  rest  fled.  The  last  which  was  taken,  and  which 
fought  most  couragiously,  was  a  man  in  habite  of  a  woman^ 
Soiiomite  which  confessed,  that  from  a  childe  he  had  gotten  his  living 
professed.  by  that  filthinesse,  for  which  I  caused  him  to  be  burned. 
Returning  to  the  Campe,  I  caused  the  principall  Lords 
of  the  Countrie  to  come  to  me,  and  pacified  them,  giving 
them  clothes,  restoring  the  prisoners,  and  bidding  them 
returne  to  their  habitations:  giving  them  to  understand 
on  behalfe  of  the  King  of  Castile,  That  he  was  Lord  and 
the  Minister  of  God  in  Earth,  in  which  God,  the  King 
and  all  men  of  the  world  are  to  beleeve,  to  adore,  feare 
and  serve  him  as  God  alone,  maker  and  Creator  of  all 
things:  and  on  Earth  to  be  vassals,  and  to  obey  the 
commandements  of  the  King  of  Castile,  as  his  Minister : 
and  to  mee  in  his  Royall  name,  and  that  they  should  not 
worship  Idols,  nor  eate  mans  flesh.  They  answered  me, 
that  so  they  would  doe,  and  their  sacrificing  to  Idols 
hitherto  grew  from  hence,  that  they  knew  not  what  God 
was ;  and  because  the  Devill  commanded  them  to  observe 
those  formes,  and  desired  flesh  and  bloud  of  them,  giving 
them  to  understand,  that  he  was  the  Lord  of  all  the  world, 
whereupon  for  feare  they  had  committed  this  errour,  which 
henceforth  they  would  cease  to  doe.  Great  are  the  sinnes 
of  all  men  living,  seeing  God  permits  so  great  abomina- 
Note  well  this  tions  to  bee  committed  against  his  divine  Majesde,  and 
DiviniHe,  ^hat  such  a  multitude  of  soules  are  lost,  and  remaine  blinde 
as  brute  beasts,  and  worse :  for  they  follow  their  naturall 
course,  which  these  have  lost :  although  some  not  onely 
publish  the  warre  which  is  made  upon  them  to  be  unjust, 
but  also  seekc  to  disturbe  it,  being  the  most  worthie  and 
holy  worke,  and  of  most  merit,  (with  the  punishing  of 

56 


NUNNO  DI  GUSMAN 

that  Nation)  that  nothing  can  be  done  in  the  service  of 

God  greater,  howsoever  it  be  done  by  the  hands  of  great 

sinners,  and  especially  by  mec  who  am  the  greatest  of 

all,  since  that  nothing  is  hidden  from  his  heate,  and  as 

the  merdflill  and  giver  of  all  good,  I  hope  in  his  infinite 

clemency  that  he  will  receive  my  meane  desire,  and  small 

paine  and  labour,  in  diminution  of  my  sinnes ;   and  will 

permit  by  his  infinite  bounde  and  grace,  and  because  your 

Majestie  doth  all  for  the  service  of  God  which  it  doth, 

whose  charge  it  is  to  guide  the  enterprise  in  such  manner, 

that  the  beginning  be  with  manifesting  his  Name,  where 

before,  that  of  the  Enemie  was  served  wholly,  and  adored. 

Bee  it  knowne  to  your  Majestie,  that  wheresoever  I  come, 

I  give  all  the  people  to  understand  what  God  is,  and  who 

your  Majestie  is.     The  Towne  above  this  place  or  ford 

of  the  River  is  called  Guanzebi,  where  a  Crosse  was 

planted. 

Departing  toward  the  Province  of  Tonola,  I  sent  the 
Overseer  to  the  Province  of  Cuynaccaro,  on  the  other 
side  of  the  River.  The  Seniory  of  that  Province  (for 
they  had  no  particular  Lord)  sent  Messengers  that  they 
expected  mee  in  peace,  and  would  give  mee  what  I  would 
howsoever  Coiuk,  Coiutla,  and  Cuynaccaro,  the  three 
neighbour  Provinces  were  fooles,  and  resolved  upon  warre. 
These  fought  with  us  so  valiantly,  that  some  one  Indian 
would  tiime  his  head  against  a  Light-horseman,  and  taking 
his  Lance  with  one  hand,  with  the  other  would  lay  on 
him  with  a  club  which  they  use ;  others  would  lay  hold 
on  the  Bridles,  and  those  which  have  beene  in  New  Spaine, 
and  other  parts,  testifie  that  more  couragious  Indians  have 
not  beene  seene.  They  use  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Clubs,  and 
two-hand  Swords  of  wood,  a  Sling,  and  some  Targets. 
The  most  of  them  feare  the  Horses,  holding  opinion  that 
they  would  eate  thejn,  and  a  thousand  of  them  have  beene 
afiaid  of  three  Horsemen;  yet  nevertheless  some  are 
thus  hardy.  The  Countrie  is  temperate,  they  are  great 
Sacrificers,  have  Silver,  and  some  Gold :  but  I  made  shew 
not  to  care  for  it,  and  said  I  had  no  need  of  Gold,  but 

57 


A.D. 

1530- 
Preaching  by 
the  Sword  a 
wortAiey  koly^ 
tnerttortousy 
satisfactory 
worke. 


Guanzebi, 


Tonola  a  free 
State. 


CuinaccarOy 
Coiulay  and 
Coiutla. 
VaTtant 
Indians. 


A.D. 

1530. 


Zafatula, 
Aximocuntk, 

Indian  Chris- 
tianitie  but  in 
name  and 


[IV.  viii. 

J  5  59-] 


Christians  fir 
feare. 

Xalfa, 
Bloudy  IdoU. 


Bloudy 
Procession. 

TeuHnchan. 


Xaltenango, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

that  they  should  serve,  and  not  sacrifice  as  before.  In 
the  place  of  the  victorie  was  erected  a  faire  Church  called. 
The  victorie  of  the  Crosse,  and  a  Crosse  of  sixtie.foot 
long  there  erected.  Zapatula  received  me  in  peace, 
Aximocuntla  people  fled,  yet  sent  store  of  victuals,  as  did 
also  Ixtatlan. 

Our  Indians  in  our  march  had  slaine  and  sacrificed 
certaine  women  and  children,  the  signes  whereof  I  found, 
it  being  a  thing  impossible  to  remedie,  notwithstanding 
all  the  pimishment  I  inflicted,  howsoever  some  say,  they 
are  good  Christians.  And  let  your  Majestie  beleeve,  that 
they  doe  at  this  present  time  as  they  did  before,  but 
secretly.  And  for  this,  and  for  other  just  causes  which 
I  have  written  to  your  Majestie,  there  ought  not  so  much 
libertie  be  given  them,  nor  more  then  that  which  is  accus- 
tomed to  their  state  and  living ;  for  to  doe  otherwise,  is 
to  give  occasion  to  them  to  be  bad,  and  especially  this 
People  is  of  such  nature,  that  they  must  be  very  much 
holden  under,  and  made  to  feare,  that  they  may  be  good 
Christians. 

From  Xalpa  three  Embassadors  came  to  me,  with  oflFer 
of  peace,  subjection,  and  certaine  Silver  plates,  and  an 
Idoll  made  of  Cotton,  and  full  of  bloud,  and  a  Rasor  of 
stone  in  the  midst,  wherewith  they  sacrificed,  which  was 
burned  in  their  sight,  to  their  great  amazement,  who 
thought  it  would  have  destroyed  all.     Against  Mandie 
Thursday  a  Church  was  erected  of  reeds  in  a  day,  and 
devout  Procession  was  then  made  of  more  then  thirtie 
Disciplinants.     On  Easter  Tuesday  I  departed  thence  to 
Tespano,  thence  by  Mount  Amec  to  Teulinchano,  a  strong 
place,  being  aU  of  stone  cut  round,  where  every  Lord 
of  the  Provmce  ought  to  have  a  house  wherein  to  sacrifice ; 
there  had  beene  a  great  Idoll  of  Gold,  destroyed  in  other 
warres.     The  Palaces  were  of  stone  engraven,  some  pieces 
of  eighteene  spannes,  with  great  Statues  of  men,   with 
other  things  like  those  of  Mexico.     The  Courts  of  the 
Palaces  were  spacious,  and  faire,  with  Fountaines  of  good 
water.     Thence  I  sent  Captaine  Verdugo  to  Xaltenango, 

58 


NUNNO  DI  GUSMAN  a,d. 

1530. 
thorow  a  Valley  of  sixc  leagues,  but  the  people  were  fled 
to  the  Mountaines.     A  Crosse  was  planted,  and  Masse 
said  for  the  service  of  God,  there  where  the  Devill  had 
so  long  beene  served,  and  had  received  so  many  Sacrifices, 
I  divided   the  Armie,  one  part  to  goe  to   Mechuacan  Mechuacan  on 
(another  Province,  not  that  of  New  Spaine)  neere  to  the  ^  ^^^  ^^^• 
South  Sea,  I  marched  with  the  other  to  Guatatlan,  and 
there  planted  a  Crosse  on  a  Hill,  and  thence  to  Tetitlan, 
accompanied  with  the  Caciques  of  the  Countrie;  thence 
to  XaJisco.     Heere  the  way  was  so  bad  that  in  fifteene  ^^^^^' 
daycs  I  rode  not  three,  and  many  beasts  were  lost. 

I  sent  to  the  principall  Lords  of  Xalisco,  to  whom  I 
made  the  request  accustomed.  They  were  all  retired  to 
the  Moimtaines.  Finding  my  selfe  neere  the  Sea,  I  tooke 
possession  thereof  for  your  Majestie.  At  Tepique  two  of  Tepiqueaneto 
the  Lords  of  Xalisco  came  to  me  in  peace,  and  to  yeeld  P^^^^^* 
obedience,  as  three  other  Townes  had  done  neere  the  Sea, 
where  are  said  to  bee  Mines  of  Gold.  There  I  made 
Officers  in  your  Majesties  name,  as  being  a  new  Discoverie 
and  Conquest  separate  from  New  Spaine,  that  there  might 
be  some  to  receive  your  Majesties  fifths.  Two  Crosses 
were  erected  in  Xalisco  and  two  in  Tepeque,  a  place  well 
watered,  and  very  fertile.  In  marchmg  from  thence  a 
great  and  dangerous  battell  was  given  us  by  the  Indians 
wherein  we  obtained  victorie.  They  wounded  fiftie 
Horses,  of  which  onely  sixe  died  (one  Horse  I  assure 
your  Majestie,  is  worth  above  foure  hundred  Pezos)  divers 
of  the  principaU  Commanders  were  wounded  also.  The 
next  day  I  made  a  Procession  with  a  Te  Deum.  Thence 
I  passed  the  great  River  of  the  Trinitie,  to  come  to 
Omitlan,  the  chiefe  of  that  Province.  The  Countrie  is 
very  hot,  and  the  River  full  of  Crocodiles,  and  there  are 
many  venomous  Scorpions.  Here  was  erected  one 
Church,  and  two  Crosses.  Aztatlan  is  three  dayes  journey 
hence  where  they  prepare  to  give  mee  battell.  From 
thence  ten  dayes  further  I  shall  goe  to  finde  the  Amazons,  Amazonian 
which  some  say  dwell  in  the  Sea,  some  in  an  arme  of  the  Dreames. 
Sea,  and  that  they  are  rich,  and  accounted  of  the  people 

59 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1530- 

for  Goddesses,  and  whiter  then  other  women.  They  use 
Bowes,  Arrowes  and  Targets:  have  many  and  great 
Townes;  at  a  certaine  time  admit  them  to  accompanie 
them,  which  bring  up  the  males,  as  these  the  female  issue> 
&c.  From  Omitlan  a  Province  of  Mecuacan  of  the  greater 
Spaine,  on  the  eighth  of  July,  1530. 

Pet,  Ahara-  T  had  thought  but  for  prolixitie,  here  to  have  added 
dos  Letters  to  X  Alvarados  Conquests  the  other  way  from  Mexico,  two 
^TlL^S^  of  whose  Letters  are  extant  in  Ramusio.  The  later  of 
^  fj^l^  them  is  dated  from  the  Citie  of  Saint  lago,  which  hee 

Discovery  and  founded.  Hee  writes  that  hee  was  well  entertained  in 
Conquest,  Guatimala,  and  passed  alongst  with  divers  fortunes,  foure 
hundred  leagues  from  Mexico  conquering ;  and  let  your 
Lordship  beleeve  mee,  this  Countrie  is  better  inhabited 
and  peopled  then  all  that  which  your  Lordship  hath 
hitherto  governed.  In  this  Province  I  have  found  a 
Two  most  ter-  Vulcan,  the  most  dreadfull  thing  that  ever  was  seene ; 
rtble  Fukans.  ^^hich  casteth  forth  stones  as  great  as  a  house,  burning 
in  light  flames,  which  falling,  breake  in  pieces,  and  cover 
all  that  fiery  Mountainc.  Threescore  leagues  before  wee 
saw  another  Vulcan,  which  sends  forth  a  tearefull  smoake, 
ascending  up  to  Heaven,  and  the  body  of  the  smoake 
encompasseth  halfe  a  league.  None  drinke  of  the  streames 
which  runne  downe  from  it,  for  the  Brimstone  sent.  And 
especially  there  comes  thence  one  principall  River,  very 
fkire,  but  so  hot,  that  certaine  of  my  companie  were  not 
able  to  passe  it,  which  were  to  make  out-roades  into 
certaine  places ;  and  searching  a  Ford,  found  another  cold 
River  running  into  it,  and  where  they  met  together,  the 
Ford  was  temperate  and  passable.  I  beseech  your  Lord- 
ship to  grant  mee  the  favour  to  bee  Governour  of  this 
Citie,  &c.     From  Saint  lago,  July  28.  1524. 


60 


EARLY   VOYAGES  TO  NEW   MEXICO  a.d. 

1539-95- 

§.    II.  [IV.viii. 

1560.] 

The  Voyages  of  Frier  Marco  de  Ni9a,  Don   Fr. 

Vasquez  de  Coronado,  Don  Antonio  de  Espcio, 

and  divers  into  New  Mexico,  and  the  adjoyning 

Coasts  and  Lands. 

VIere  arose  some  strife  betwixt  Don  Antonio  de  L^,  Gmara. 
Mendoza  Vice-roy  of  New  Spaine,  and  Cortes,  ^"^'  ff^-  ^• 
each  striving  to  exceed  the  other  in  New  Dis-  *^** 
coveries,  and  complaining  of  each  other  to  the  Emperour. 
Whiles  Cortez  went  to  that  end  into  Spaine,  Mendoza 
hearing  somewhat  by  Dorantez,  one  of  Narvaez  his  com- 
panions in  the  former  inland  Discoveries  from  Florida, 
sent  both  Frier  Marco  de  Ni9a,  with  Steph.  a  Negro  of 
Dorantez,  and  afterwards  Captaine  Francis  Vasquez  de 
Coronado,  by  Land  as  likewise  Ferdinando  Alarchon  by 
Sea.  Cortez  also  sent  Francis  Ulloa  with  a  Fleet  of  three 
ships  for  discoverie  of  the  same  Sea,  commonly  called  the 
South  Sea.  The  Voyages  Ramusio  hath  published  at 
large  in  Italian,  and  Master  Hakluyt  out  of  him  in 
English.  I  shall  borow  leave  to  collect  out  of  them  and 
Gomara,  and  F.  Ivan  Gonzales  de  Mendoza,  and  others, 
some  breefe  heads  of  things  agreeing  to  our  purpose  for 
the  better  knowledge  of  the  Northeme  America. 

Francis  Vasquez  de  Coronado  Governour  of  Nueva 
Galicia,  Anno  1 539.  writes,  that  hee  arrived  in  the  Province 
of  Topira,  where  the  Indians  were  fled  into  the  Moun-  Topira, 
taines  for  feare  of  the  Christians.  They  have  houses  of 
stone,  store  of  Gold,  Emeralds,  and  other  Jewels ;  have 
strong  armour  of  Silver  fashioned  in  shapes  of  beasts, 
worship  herbs  and  birds,  and  sing  songs  to  them.  Neere 
thereto  is  another  Province  where  the  people  goe  naked. 
Their  Priests  which  they  call  Chichimechas  keepe  in  the 
woods  without  houses,  and  eate  things  given  of  almes 
by  the  people.  Both  men  and  women  goe  naked;  the  ImfioMs 
men  tye  their  privie  member  to  the  knee;    they  have  /^*'^^*«- 

61 


A.D. 

1539-95- 


F,  Marco  de 
Nifos  Voyage 
to  Cebola, 


An  unknozone 
kinde  of 
Unicome, 


Expedition  of 
Dfm  Francisco 
Vasquex, 

lU  toayes. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Temples  covered  with  straw,  the  windowes  full  of  dead 
mens  skulls.  They  have  in  a  ditch  before  the  Temple 
the  figxire  of  a  Serpent  of  divers  metals,  with  his  tayle 
in  his  mouth.  One  every  yeere  is  sacrificed  by  lot, 
crowned  with  flowers  and  layd  in  that  ditch,  and  fire  put 
to  him;  which  his  death  he  takes  patiently,  and  the 
yeere  following  is  worshipped  with  hymnes,  and  after  that 
his  head  is  set  up  with  the  rest.  They  sacrifice  their 
prisoners  burning  them  in  another  ditch  without  such 
ceremonies. 

Frier   Marco   de  Ni^a  went  from  Saint   Michael  in 
Culiacan,  two  hundred  leagues  from  Mexico,  with  Stephen 
the  Negro,  and  other  Indians,  and  came  to  Petatlan,  and 
thence  passed  a  Desart  foure  dayes,  and  came  to  certaine 
Indians,  which  made  much  of  him,  sought  to  touch  his 
garments,  and  called  him  Hayota,  that  is,  A  man  comne 
from  Heaven.     Thence  he  travelled  to  Vacupa,   fortie 
leagues  from  the  Sea  (of  California)  and  thence  to  Cevola, 
which  is  thirty  dayes  journey :  hee  learned  that  the  people 
by  the  Sea  have  store  of  Pearles,  and  Targets  of  Kow- 
hides.     By  the  way  he  had  understanding  of  the  King- 
domes  of  Totonteac  and  Acus.     They  shewed  him  an 
hide  halfe  as  big  againe  as  the  hide  of  an  Oxe,  and  said, 
it  was  the  skinne  of  a  beast  which  had  but  one  home  upon 
his  fore-head,  bending  toward  his  breast,  and  that  out  of 
the  same  goeth  a  point  forward  with  which  he  breakes 
any  thing  that  he  runneth  against.     The  colour  of  the 
hide  was  as  of  a  Goat-skinne,  the  haire  a  finger  thicke. 
He  passed  thorow  two  Desarts.     The  men  of  Cevola  slue 
Stephen  the  Negro.     Frier  Marke  went  within  sight  of 
it,  and  sayth  it  is  a  faire  Citie  seated  at  the  foot  of  a  Hill. 
Upon  this  newes  Captaine  Vasquez  aforesaid  in  Aprill, 
1540.  travelled  with  400.  Horsemen,  and  a  great  Armic 
of  Spaniards  and  others,  many  of  which  died  of  famine 
both  Indians  and  Horses.     The  wayes  were  so  rough,  that 
the  Sheepe  and  Lambes  which  they  carried  for  their  pro- 
vision lost  their  hoofes.     The  sixe  and  twentieth  of  May 
hee  arrived  in  the  Valley  of  Coracones,  five  dayes  journey 

62 


EARLY  VOYAGES  TO  NEW  MEXICO 

from  the  Westeme  Sea,  and  thence  hee  went  to  Chichilcale, 

and  with  much  scarsitie  to  Cevola,  which  is  the  name  of 

a  Province  in  which  are  seven  Cities  neere  together :   their 

houses  are  of  stone  foure  or  five  stories  high ;   they  use 

Ladders  in  stead  of  staires,  and  have  Cellers  under  the 

ground  made  for  Winter  in  manner  of  Stoves.     The  seven 

Cities  are  but  small  Townes  with  in  foure  leagues  together. 

In  one  were  two  hundred  houses  compassed  with  walls, 

and  some  three  hundred  other  unwalled.     They  goe  for 

the  most  part  naked,  use  painted  Mantles,  seeme  not 

witty  enough  to  build  such  houses ;  have  good  quantitie 

of  Txu-quesses,  some  Emeralds  also  and  Granates ;  great 

Guinee  Corkes ;  and  season  (in  Summer)  as  in  Mexico ; 

many  beasts,  as  Tigres,  Beares,  Lions,  Porkespicks,  and 

certaine  Sheepe  as  big  as  Horses,  with  very  great  hornesf 

and  little  tayles.     I  have  scene  their  homes  so  great  that 

it  is  a  wonder.     I  have  seene  the  heads  of  wilde  Goats, 

pawes  of  Beares  and  skinnes  of  wilde  Boares.     There  is 

game  of  Deere,  Ounces,  and  very  great  Stags,  Hares, 

uonies.     He  sent  the  Vice-roy  an  embroidered  garment 

of  Needle-worke  wrought  by  those  Indians,  and  clothes 

painted  by  them  with  the  pictures  of  the  beasts  of  the 

Countrey.     It  is  very  cold  in  Winter,  although  it  be  in 

37.  degrees  and  a  halfe.     The  snow  continueth  seven 

moneths,  in  so  much  that  the  people  use  furred  Mantles, 

and  other  winter  provisions.     The  Souldiers  seeing  little 

here  to  bee  had,  were  offended  with  the  Friers  which  had 

commended  Civola,  and  loth  to  returne  emptie  to  Mexico, 

they  proceeded  to  Acuco,  and  Cardenas  with  his  troope 

of  Horse  went  thence  to  the  Sea,  Vasqucz  with  the  rest 

to  Tiguez,  on  the  banke  of  a  great  River.     There  they 

had  newes  of  Axa  and  Quivira.     They  heard  of  a  bearded 

rich  King  also  called  Tatarcax,  whom  they  would  visit; 

they  burnt  a  Towne,  and  lost  thirtie  Horses  in  their  way, 

and  spent  45.  dayes  in  siege  of  a  Towne,  which  dranke 

snowe  in  stead  of  water  and  burned  their  goods  to  prevent 

the  Spanish  spoyle,  then  issuing  by  force  with  their  wives 

and  children,  few  escaping:    and  divers  Spaniards  also 

63 


A.D. 

1539-95- 
Cibola, 


Skiipe  as  big 
as  Horses  J 
foith  huge 
komes, 
Iiuiian 
embroiderie, 
*I  have  a 
Map  made  in 
Mexico^ 
1585,  which 
placeth  Cibola 
in  30.  and  an 
halfey  and 
discribeth  in 
New  Mexico^ 
on  Rio  del 
Norte  about 
50.  Townes 
with  Spanish 
names,  stand- 
ing neere  each 
other^  from 
$z,  to  ^$,  and 
a  little  more. 
But  the 
Province  of 
Cibola  he 
maheth  to  be 
another, 
[IV.  viii. 

1561.] 


A.D. 

1539-95- 


Strang  Kim. 


Great  haile. 
*Melangoie, 


Quivira 
Jescribed  out 
of  Gomara, 
Ships  stene. 


The  hunch'- 
bached  Oxen 
described. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

were  slaine,  and  80.  wounded,  besides  Horses.  They 
burnt  the  Towne  and  marched  to  Cicuic,  horse  and  men 
passing  over  the  River  upon  the  Ice  being  in  37.  degrees : 
and  foure  leagues  from  thence  met  with  a  new  kind  of 
Kine  wilde  and  fierce,  of  which  they  slue  80.  the  first 
day  for  their  provision.  From  Cicuic  they  went  to 
Quivira  neere  300.  leagues,  thorow  woodlesse  Plaines, 
making  heapes  of  Oxe-dung  for  way-markes  against  their 
returne.  All  that  Plaine  is  as  full  of  hunch-backed  Kine 
as  Serena  in  Spaine  of  Sheepe,  and  no  other  people  but 
the  Herd-men.  It  hailed  one  day  stones  as  big  as 
Oranges.*  At  length  they  came  to  Quivira  and  there 
found  King  Tatarrax,  a  hoary  man,  naked  and  with  a 
brasse  Jewell  at  his  necke ;  whereat  not  a  little  vexed  to 
see  themselves  gulled  with  reports  of  riches,  and  the  Crosse 
worshipped,  and  Queene  of  Heaven,  of  which  they  saw 
no  signe,  they  returned  to  Mexico,  and  there  arrived  in 
March,  1542.  Vasquez  fell  from  his  Horse  in  Tiguez, 
and  withall  out  of  his  wits. 

Quivira  is  in  40.  degrees  temperate,  well  watered,  and 
hath  store  of  fruits.  They  are  apparelled  with  Oxe-hides, 
and  Deeres  skinne.  They  saw  ships  on  the  coast  with 
Alcatrazes  of  Gold  and  Silver  in  their  Prowes,  which  they 
esteemed  to  bee  of  China,  making  signes  that  they  had 
sayled  thirtie  dayes.  Some  Friers  returned  to  Quivira, 
and  were  slaine.  As  for  those  hunch-backed  Kine,  they 
are  the  food  of  the  Natives,  which  drinke  the  bloud  hot, 
and  eate  the  fat,  and  often  ravine  the  flesh  raw.  They 
wander  in  companies,  as  the  Alarbes  (and  Tartars)  follow- 
ing the  pastures  according  to  the  seasons.  That  which 
they  eate  not  raw,  they  rost,  or  warme  rather  at  a  fire  of 
Oxe-dung,  and  holding  the  flesh  with  his  teeth,  cut  it 
with  Rasors  of  stone.  These  Oxen  are  of  the  bignesse 
of  our  Bulls,  but  their  homes  lesse,  with  a  great  bunch 
on  their  foreshoulders,  and  more  haire  on  then:  fore-parts 
then  behind,  which  is  like  wooll ;  a  mane  like  a  Horses 
on  their  backe  bone,  and  long  haire  from  the  knees  down- 
ward, with  store  of  long  haire  at  the  chinne  and  throat, 

64 


EARLY  VOYAGES  TO  NEW  MEXICO  ad. 

1539-95. 
a  long  flocke  also  at  the  end  of  the  males  tailes.     The 
Horses  fled  from  them,  of  which  they  slue  some,  being 
enraged.      They  are  meat,  drinke,  shooes,  houses,  fire, 
vessels,   and    their    Masters    whole    substance.      Other 
•creatures  as  big  as  Horses  the  Spaniards  for  their  fine  wooU 
called  Sheepe;    one  of  their  homes  ordinarily  weighed 
^ftie  pounds.     There  are  also  great  Dogs  which  will  fight  5i^^  «w^^ 
with  a  Bull,  able  to  carrie  fiftie  pounds  weight  in  their  J^^^^^-^^ 
huntings  and  removals.  Gnat  Dogs: 

Such  the 

ANno  1 58 1.  Frier  Augustine  Ruiz,  with  two  other  Savages  had 
Friers,  and  eight  SouMiers  travelled  from  the  Mines  '^  Frobushers 
of  Saint  Barbara  to  Los  Tiguas,  two  hundred  and  fifty  j^^^i^ 
leagues  Northwards,  where,  upon  occasion  of  one  of  the  Foyage  to 
Friers  being  slaine,  the  Souldiers  returned.     The  two  Tiguas. 
Friers  and  a  Mestizo  stayed.     Whereupon  the  Franciscans  Ant.deEspeio 
<arefull  of  their  two  Brethren,  procured  Antonio  de  Espeio,  ^^J^ 
a  rich  Mexican,  with  Frier  Bernardine  Beltran,  and  others, 
licensed  to  follow  him  to  set  forth  on  the  said  Discoverie, 
in  November,  An.  1582.  with  an  hundred  and  fifteene 
Horses,  and  store  of  provisions.    Hee  passed  the  Conchos, 
and  the  Passaguates,  and  Tobosos,  and  Jumanos,  (finding 
many  Silver  Mines  in  the  way)  and  then  came  to  people, 
which  for  want  of  Language  they  could  not  name,  and 
heard  by  one  of  the  Conchos,  of  a  great  Lake,  and  Townes 
necre  it,  with  houses  of  three  or  foure  stories,  but  went 
not  thither.     Fifteene  dayes  they  travelled  thorow  Woods 
of  Pine-trees,  and  two  thorow  Woods  of  Poplars  and 
Walnuts,  still  keeping  by  the  River  of  the  North,  as  they 
called  it,  till  they  came  to  a  Countrie  which  they  called 
New  Mexico.     They  came  to  ten  Townes  situate  on  both 
-sides  the  River,  which  used  them  kindly.     Their  houses 
are  of  foure  stories,  well  built,  with  Stoves  for  Winter : 
their  apparel  of  Cotton,  and  Deeres  skinnes;   both  men 
and  women  ware  Boots  and  Shooes  with  soles  of  Neats  Neats  Uather 
leather.     Each  house  had  an  Oratorie  for  the  Devill,  where  ^*^'- 
they  set  him  meate,  for  whose  ease  (as  they  say)  they  erect 
Chappels  also  in  the  high-way.     Thence  they  came  to 

XVIII  65  B 


A.D. 

1539-95- 

Friers  slaine. 
Hennes  many. 


Quires, 

Pained 
Umbreias, 

Nou  the 
Neemesse  of 
Virginia. 


Jcoma. 
[IV.  viii. 

1562.] 


Mohotze, 
Pretie  poRcy. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Tiguas  in  which  were  sixteene  Townes:  in  Poala  they 
had  slaine  the  two  Friers,  and  now  therefore  fled  to  the 
Mountaines.  They  found  many  Hennes  in  the  Countrey, 
and  many  metals.  Hearing  that  there  were  rich  Townes 
Eastwards,  they  travelled  two  dayes,  and  found  eleven 
Townes,  and  (as  they  thought)  fortie  thousand  people. 
There  are  signes  of  ridi  Mines.  They  heard  of  a  Province 
Quires,  sixe  leagues  higher  up  the  River,  which  they 
visited,  and  found  five  Townes.  They  saw  there  a  Pie 
in  a  Cage,  and  certaine  traisols  or  shadowes,  such  as  they 
use  in  China,  in  which  were  painted  the  Sunne,  Moone 
and  Starres.  They  found  themselves  in  37.  degrees  and 
a  halfe.  Fourteene  leagues  more  to  the  North,  mey  came 
to  the  Cunames,  which  had  five  Townes;  the  greatest 
was  Cia,  with  eight  Market  places,  the  houses  plaistered 
and  painted  with  divers  colours,  the  people  many  and 
more  civiU  then  any  they  had  scene. 

They  travelled  thence  North-westward  to  a  Countrie 
which  had  seven  great  Townes,  and  in  them  thirtie 
thousand  soules.  Fifteene  leagues  further  Westward  they 
came  to  Acoma,  a  Towne  of  sixe  thousand  persons,  seated 
on  a  Rocke  fifty  paces  high,  without  any  passage  to  it  but 
by  staires  hewen  in  the  Kocke ;  all  their  water  was  kept 
in  Cisternes.  They  travelled  hence  foure  and  twentie 
leagues  Westward  to  Zuny  or  Cibola,  where  Vasquez  had 
beene,  and  erected  Crosses,  still  standing.  Three  Indians 
of  his  Armie  were  still  alive  here,  which  told  Espeio,  of 
a  great  Lake  sixtie  dayes  journey  thence,  upon  the  bankes 
whereof  were  many  Townes  which  had  store  of  Gold. 
Whereupon,  the  rest  returning,  hee  with  nine  companions 
determined  to  goe  thither,  and  came  to  a  populous 
Province,  called  Mohotze,  and  being  well  entertained, 
hee  perswaded  the  Indians  to  build  a  Fort,  to  secure  them 
firom  the  Horses,  which  hee  said  would  otherwise  eate 
them ;  which  they  did.  Here  he  left  some  of  his  com- 
panie,  and  went  to  discover  certaine  rich  Mines,  whereof 
he  had  heard,  five  and  fortie  leagues  Westward,  which 
hee  found  rich  of  Silver.     He  had  further  intelligence 

66 


EARLY  VOYAGES  TO  NEW  MEXICO 


A.D. 
1539-95. 


also  of  that  great  Lake,  and  having  travelled  twelve 
leagues  to  the  Hubates  and  Tamos,  populous  Provinces, 
being  so  few,  they  returned  in  July,  1583.  by  another 
way,  downe  a  River  called,  De  las  Vaccas,  or  Of  Kine,  an 
hundred  and  twenty  leagues,  still  meeting  with  store  of 
those  cattell,  and  thence  to  Conchos,  and  so  to  the  Valley 
of  Saint  Bartholmew  in  New  Biscay. 

Bartholmew  Cano  writ  from  Mexico,  in  May,  1590.  Canos  Letter 
that  Rodrigo  del  Rio,  Governour  of  New  Biscay  was  sent  « in  Mast. 
by  the  Vice-roy  with  five  hundred  Spaniards  to  the  con-  ^^^^' 
quest  of  Cibola. 


NOw  for  Cortez  his  three  ships,  they  set  forth  from 
Acapulco,  the  eifi;hth  of  July,  1539.  and  sayled  alongst 
the  coast  Northwards  to  Cape  Roxo,  (as  they  stiled  it,) 
and  so  to  the  River  of  Saint  Crosses,  which  coast  some 
thought  to  bee  part  of  the  Continent,  others  to  bee  but 
broken  Lands  or  Hands :  and  sayled  so  farre  in  the  same, 
that  I  am  loth  to  follow  them,  the  particulars  being  both 
in  Ramusio,  and  Master  Hakluyt.     Fernando  Alarchon, 
Anno  1 540.  was  sent  by  Mendoza  the  Vice-roy,  with  two 
ships,  who  sayth,  hee  went  to  the  bottome  of  the  Bay 
(or    California)  and  sayled  up  the  River  ferre  into  the 
Countrie.     I  remit  the  desirous  Reader  to  the  Authours 
aforesaid.     To  mee,  Ullua  the  Marquesses  Generall  seemes 
to  make  California  nothing  but  Hands,  and  to  have  sayled 
within  a  g^eat  way,  and  after  out  of  them:    this  other 
a^midous  Discoverer  would  seeme  to  finde  it  a  Bay,  and 
therefore  goeth  up  the  River;    later  Maps  make  it  an 
Uand,  as  wee  have  said ;  a  Letter  1595.  from  Los  Angelos, 
calleth  them  Hands,  and  sayth,  they  are  rich,  and  that 
the  Vice-roy  sent  to  conquer  them.     But  I  am  Sea-sicke, 
and  therefore  returne  to  our  Land-discoverers.     In  which 
wee  have  a  Jesuite  first,  to  entertaine  you,  and  after  that, 
a  Letter  of  later  Newes  of  Onnates  Discoveries  in  those 
Northernc  parts  of  America.     All  which  may  be  of  use 
one  day,  when  our  Virginian  Plantation  (which  blusheth 
to  see  so  little  done  after  eighteene  yeeres  continued  habi- 

67 


Francis  de 
UUuas  Voyage 
in  the  South 
Sea. 
CaRfimia. 


F.  Alarchons 
Voyage, 


Letter  in 
Master  Hakl. 


A.D. 

1539-95. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

tation,  with  so  much  cost,  and  so  many  lives  and 
livelihoods  spent  thereon^  shall  lift  up  her  head  with  more 
vive  alacritie,  and  shake  ner  glorious  lockes,  and  disparkle 
her  triumphant  lookes,  thorow  the  inland  Countries  to  the 
Westerne  Ocean.  And  indeed  for  Virginias  sake  wee 
have  so  long  held  you  in  Spanish  discourses,  of  whose 
Acts  this  Chapter  had  beene  the  last,  but  that  the  leaven 
which  leaveneth  in  so  great  part  the  Spanish  lumpe  may 
be  knowne,  to  awaken  English  vigilance  to  prevent  it  in 
themselves  (they  had  a  faire  caveat  1 588.)  and  to  avoide  the 
like  with  others,  I  shall  adde  to  these  their  Discoveries 
a  Spanish  Traveller,  Frier,  Bishop,  to  discover  their  Dis- 
coverers; which  shall  cast  up  the  American  parcels,  the 
particular  relations  of  which  you  have  had  already,  and 
yeeld  you  the  totall  summe  for  a  conclusion  to  our  Spanish- 
Indian  Peregrinations. 


Tauteca. 
Jukf  6. 1 590. 


Tepisuan  a 
mightie  high 
Mountaine, 


§.  III. 

Extracts  out  of  certaine  Letters  of  Father  Martin 
Perez  of  the  Socictie  of  Jesus,  from  the  new 
Mission  of  the  Province  of  Cinoloa  to  the 
Fathers  of  Mexico,  dated  in  the  moneth  of 
December,  1 59 1.  With  a  Letter  added,  written 
1605.  of  later  Discoveries. 

Ince  my  last  Letters,  dated  the  sixth  of  July,  among 
the  Tautecce,  on  which  day  wee  came  into  this 
Province  of  Cinoloa,  being  guided  by  the  Gover- 
nour  Roderigo  del  Rio,  we  passed  and  travelled  through 
divers  Castles,  Countrie  Villages,  Mines  of  Metall, 
Shepheards  houses,  Townes  of  Spaniards,  and  certaine 
Signiories,  helping  our  neighbours  by  our  accustomed 
duties,  so  that  wee  were  alwaies  full  of  businesse.  Wee 
passed  over  in  eight  dayes  the  rough  and  hard  and  painefull 
Mountaine  Tepesvian,  seeing  no  living  creature,  save 
certaine  Fowles.  The  cause  whereof  is,  the  force  of 
certaine   Muskitos,   which   trouble   Horses,   whereof   is 

68 


MARTIN  PEREZ  a.d.] 

1591. 

exceeding  abundance  in  all  the  Mountaine,  which  were 

most  noisome  to  our  Horses.     There  met  us  certaine 

Cuimechi,  which  are  warlike  Indians,  which  offered  us  CmmecAi 

bountifully  such  as  they  had,  without  doing  us  any  harme.  ^^^{^^^ 

There  are  almost  an  infinite  number  of  these,  which  wander    ^  '^^* 

dispersed  up  and  downe,  doing  nothing  else  but  hunt 

and  seeke  their  food.     And  it  was  told  us,  that  three 

thousand  of  them  were  assembled  in  a  part  of  the  hill, 

which  besought  the  Governour,  that  he  would  cause  them  [iv.  viii. 

to  be  taught  and  instructed  in  the  Christian  Faith.     Their  i5^3-] 

Minister,  which  was  but  onely  one,  came  to  visite  us. 

There  met  us  also  a  certaine  Spanish  Captaine,  which  had 

the  government  of  six  Castles  or  Countrie  Villages  in 

a  part  of  the  Mountaine,  who  knowing  well  enough  what 

the  societie  ment  by  these  missions,  wrote  unto  the  father 

Visitor,  requesting  him  to  grant  him  one  of  the  Fathers, 

by    whose    travefl    twenty    thousand    soules    might    be 

instructed,  which  he  would  recommend  unto  him. 

These  and  other  Villages  we  passed  by  not  without 
griefe,  because  it  was  resolved  already  among  us,  that  we 
should  stay  in  no  other  place,  but  in  this  Province.     A 
few  dayes  before  our  comming  thither  we  wrote  to  six 
or  seven  Spaniards,  which  dweU  there  without  any  Priest, 
and  heard  Masse  onely  once  a  yeare,  to  wit,  when  any 
Priest,  dwelling  thirtie  or  forty  leagues  off,  came  unto 
them,  to  confesse  and  absolve  them  being  penitent ;  who 
being  accompanied  with  most  of  the  chiefe  Indians,  met 
us  with  exceeding  great  joy  and  gladnesse,  above  twenty 
leagues  distant  n-om  their  dwellings,  and  accompanied 
us  unto  the  second  River  of  this  Province,  wherein  the 
towne  of  Saint  Philip  and  Jacob  standeth.    This  Province  TAi  umne  of 
is   from  Mexico  above  three  hundred  leagues,  and   is  Saint  PAUip 
extended  towards  the  North.     On  the  right  hand  it  hath  ^j^^J^  ^ 
the  Mountaines  of  the  Tepesuanes,  on  the  left  hand  the  juJ^^f 
Mediterrane  Sea,  or  the  Gulfe  of  California :    on  another  Ginoka. 
part  it  stretcheth  even  to  Cibola  and  California,  which  It  is  but  ny). 
are  Provinces   toward   the  West,  very  great  and  well  ^g^^jj^^^ 
inhabited.     On  one  side,  which  regardeth  the  North,  new  ^^    ^^^' 

69 


A.D. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


Often  writing 
of  New 
Mexico, 


Mexico  is  but  two  daycs  journey  distant  from  the  utter- 
most River  of  this  Provmce  (as  we  were  cnformed  by 
the  Governour)  which  is  so  famous  and  renowned,  and  so 
full  of  Pagan  superstition,  whereof  divers  have  often 
written. 

They  measure  and  divide  the  Province  of  Cinaloa  with 
eight  great  Rivers  which  runne  through  the  same.  The 
reason  of  that  division  is  this,  because  all  the  Castels 
and  Villages  of  the  inhabitants  are  setled  neere  the  bankes 
and  brinkes  of  the  Rivers,  which  are  replenished  with 
fish,  and  which  in  short  space  doe  fall  into  the  Mediterrane 
Sea,  or  Gulfe  of  California.  The  soyle  is  apt  for  tillage 
and  fruitfuU,  and  bringeth  forth  such  things  as  are  sowne 
in  it.  The  ayre  is  deere  and  wholesome.  The  Pesants 
and  husband  men  reape  twice  a  yeare,  and  among  other 
things,  store  of  Beanes,  Gourds,  Maiz,  and  such  kmde  of 
Pulse,  whereof  wee  and  they  eate  so  plentifully,  that  there 
is  no  speech  of  the  rising  of  the  price  of  things,  or  of 
Famine ;  nay  rather  a  great  part  of  the  old  crop  perisheth 
oftentimes,  and  they  cast  away  their  old  Maiz,  to  make 
roome  for  the  new.  They  have  great  store  of  Gotten 
WooD,  whereof  they  make  excellent  cloathes,  wherewith 
Theirapparel,  they  are  apparelled.  Their  apparell  is  a  peece  of  cloath 
tyed  upon  their  shoulders,  wherewith  as  with  a  cloak  they 
cover  their  whole  body,  after  the  manner  of  the  Mexicans. 
True  it  is,  that  though  they  be  all  workemen,  yet  for 
the  most  part  of  the  yeare  they  are  not  covered,  but  goe 
naked ;  yet  all  of  them  weare  a  broad  girdle  of  the  said 
Gotten  cloath  cunningly  and  artificially  wrought,  with 
figures  of  divers  colours  in  the  same,  which  the  shels  of 
Gockles  and  Oysters  joyned  artificially  with  bones  doe 
make.  Moreover,  they  thrust  many  threds  through  their 
eares,  whereon  they  hang  earerings;  for  which  purpose 
they  bore  the  eares  of  their  children  as  soone  as  they  be 
borne  in  many  places,  and  hang  earerings,  round  Stones, 
and  Corall  in  them,  so  that  each  eare  is  laden  with  fiftie 
of  these  Ornaments  at  least,  for  which  cause  they  alwayes 
sleepe  not  lying  on  their  sides,  but  with  their  face  upward. 

70 


Gotten  fooolL 


MARTIN  PEREZ 

The  women  are  decently  covered  from  their  waste  downc- 

^ard,  being  all  the  rest  naked.     The  men  as  well  as  the 

women  weare  long  haire;    the  women  have  it  hanging 

<iowne  their  shoulders,  the  men  often  bound  up  and  tyed 

in  divers  knots :    they  thrust  Corals  in  it,  adorned  with 

divers  feathers  and  cockle  shels,  which  adde  a  certaine 

beautie  and  ornament  to  the  head.     They  weare  many 

round  Beades  of  divers  colours  about  their  neckes.     They 

are  of  great  stature,  and  higher  then  the  Spaniards  by  a 

handfuu,  so  that  as  wee  sate  upright  upon  our  horses, 

without  standing  on  tiptoe,  they  easily  coidd  embrace  us. 

They  are  valiant  and  strong,  which  the  warres  which  they 

had  with  the  Spaniards  doe  easily  shew,  wherein  thougn 

they   sustained  no  small  damages,   yet  were  they  not 

unrevenged,  nor  without  the  bloud  of  their  adversaries. 

When  mey  woiJd  fight  resolutely  for  their  uttermost 

libertie,  they  denounced  and  appointed  the  day  of  battell. 

Their  weapons  are  Bowes  and  poysoned  Arrowes,  and  a 

kinde  of  clubbe  of  hard  wood,  wherewith  they  neede  not 

to  strike  twice  to  braine  a  man.     They  use  also  certaine 

short  javelins  made  of  red  wood,  so  hard  and  sharpe,  that 

they  are  not  inferiour  to  our  armed  speares.     And  as 

fearefuU  and  terrible  as  they  be  to  their  enemies,  so  quiet 

and    peaceable    are    they   among    themselves   and    their 

neigbours,  and  you  shall  seldome  finde  a  quarrellour  or 

contentious  person.     The  Spaniards  after  certaine  conflicts 

at    length    made    friendship    with    them,    leaving    their 

Countrie  to  them:    but  those  eight  Spaniards,  whom  I 

mentioned  before,  live  quietly  among  them :    and  though 

they  be  caUed  Lords,  yet  are  they  contented  with  such 

things  as  the  Indians  give  them,  oflFering  no  violence  nor 

molestation  to  any  man. 

Upon  our  comming  into  these  Countries,  the  Indians 
stirred  up  with  the  rame  of  new  men,  came  by  flockes 
unto  our  lodging,  and  witnessed  their  love,  with  exceeding 
great  signification  of  good  will,  with  salutation  and  words, 
which  yet  we  understood  not,  staying  so  long  with  us 
till  they  were  friendly  dismissed  by  us :   neither  neglected 

71 


A.D. 
I59I. 


TJieir  hain. 


Their  great 
Stature. 


Their  valour. 


Their 


Eight 
Spaniards 
living  in 
Cinoloa. 


[IV.  viii. 

156+.] 


A.D. 

I59I. 

Readtmste  to 
keare  the 
GospiU. 


Foure  hundred 
bapttzed  by 
Franciscansy 
{slaine  there) 
ttoehe  yeares 
before. 

Difference  of 
language. 


Instruction  in 
the  Catechism, 


And  why  doe 
you  teach 
Baby/ouy  or  to 
'  '  in  a 


strange  tongue 
here^insteadof 
praying? 
Sixteen  hun- 
dred newly 
Christened. 

Concubines. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

they  the  opportunitie  ofFred  uppn  the  first  occasion,  to 
shew  how  greatly  they  affected  the  Christian  religion; 
for  as  soone  as  we  entred  into  the  first  Villages  of  this^ 
Province,  the  day  following  there  assembled  a  great 
number  of  old  and  yong  folkes  to  be  baptized,  which 
was  a  great  comfort  unto  us ;  we  christened  full  fourescore 
boyes  and  girles ;  we  raised  tne  mindes  of  the  rest  with 
good  hopes,  that  assoone  as  they  were  instructed  with 
necessary  doctrine,  they  should  be  partakers  of  the  same 
Sacrament.  Wee  found  foure  hundred  Christians,  which 
having  bin  baptized  by  the  Franciscane  Fathers,  which 
came  mto  these  parts  twelve  yeares  past,  when  at  length 
they  were  slaine  by  the  Inhabitants  were  left  destitute 
of  a  teacher ;  neither  can  all  of  them  be  instructed  by  us,, 
unlesse  some  helpe  be  sent  us ;  for  besides  that  the  people 
are  many,  they  also  differ  in  language  and  tongues, 
although  there  be  two  chiefe  and  most  generall. 

We  learne  two  tongues  with  great  celeritie,  which  albeit 
they  be  not  so  vulgar  and  generall,  yet  arc  they  more 
necessary:  and  we  have  profited  so  much  in  three 
moneths,  that  wee  could  easily  understand  the  Indians, 
when  they  spake.  Wherefore  wee  began  to  instruct  in 
the  Catechisme,  and  with  godly  speeches  to  exhort  the 
Nation,  to  keepe  them  within  the  compasse  of  their  duetie> 
and  to  deliver  them  of  all  feare:  when  they  see  that 
they  receive  of  us  the  service  and  formes  of  praying  to 
God,  not  in  a  strange  but  in  their  owne  language;  the 
which  together  with  the  Catechisme  they  learne  with  great 
care  and  shortnesse  of  time.  And  now  wee  have 
Christened  above  sixteene  hundred,  as  well  those  of 
yeares  as  boyes ;  besides  those  foure  hundred,  which  being 
christened  by  the  aforesaid  Fathers,  almost  in  their 
infancie,  and  fully  twelve  yeares  neglected,  had  scarsely 
any  shew  of  Christendome,  but  were  married  with  Pagans 
after  their  Countrey  fashion.  From  many  of  them  we 
tooke  away  their  Concubines,  because  such  is  the  custome 
of  this  Nation,  that  they  take  as  many  as  they  are  able 
to  keepe.     Many  of  them  we  likewise  married. 

72 


MARTIN  PEREZ 

There  are  also  many  more  which  desire  to  be  baptized, 
but  since  the  people  be  exceeding  many,  and  the  worke- 
men  but  two  onely,  we  are  not  able  to  sustaine  the  labour. 
The  last  of  November  I  visited  the  people  of  this  tract 
or  River,  and  in  the  space  of  twelve  or  thirteene  miles, 
there  are  foure  thousand  Indians  at  the  least,  which  use 
Bowes  and  Arrowes,  besides  women  and  children.  Among 
these  are  certaine  of  bad  name  and  fame,  which  have 
familiarity  and  acquaintance  with  the  DivcU,  with  whom 
they  commit  abominable  and  very  horrible  sinnes. 

Many  of  them  fled  into  the  Mountaines,  that  their 
children  might  not  be  Christened,  because  the  Divell  had 
reported  abroad,  that  all  they  shoiJd  die  that  were 
Baptized.  Notwithstanding  in  seven  or  eight  dayes  we 
Christened  two  hundred  and  fortie  children.  Nccessitie 
enforced  me  to  leave  them,  and  to  goe  to  another  place, 
to  helpe  our  neighbours:  yet  I  am  greatly  desirous  to 
returne  moved  with  a  certaine  pitie,  because  I  see  this 
people  so  strongly  possessed  by  the  Divell  being  utterly 
ignorant  of  the  raith. 

There  are  now  thirteene  Churches  in  these  three  Rivers, 
besides  those  which  are  erected  by  little  and  little,  neither 
have  we  any  more  holy  Vestments  for  them,  then  those 
which  we  carry  about  with  us,  and  one  other  furniture 
of  an  Altar,  which  belongeth  to  the  Spaniards :  we  have 
never  a  Bell  in  any  of  these  Churches.  We  furnished 
an  Alter  with  one  Crosse  and  certaine  paper  Images,  which 
were  brought  hither  fi-om  Culhuacan,  because  we  want 
other  furniture,  which  we  looke  from  your  Reverencies, 
and  it  will  be  very  profitable,  since  this  Nation  is  so 
delighted  with  outward  ornaments. 

We  celebrated  the  dedication  of  a  Church  at  Petatlan, 
on  the  day  of  the  conception  of  the  Virgin,  the  Mother 
of  God.  In  the  same  I  set  iip  a  certaine  small  Image 
consecrated  to  the  conception  of^  the  blessed  Virgin :  We 
went  on  Procession,  wherein  the  Boyes  sang  the  Te  Deiun 
laudamus  in  the  vulgar  language :  I  added  a  Prayer,  and 
then  red  Masse,  because  the  smgers  are  yet  ignorant  of 

73 


A.D. 
1591. 


FamiBarity 
mtk  the 
DiveL 


240.  children 
Christened, 


Thirteene 
Churches  in 
three  Rivers. 


Petatlan  in 
2;.  degrees 
and  a  halfe. 
The  Chris- 
tianity there 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Song,  and  can  sing  nothing  else  but  Amen,  with  a  rude 
and  untuned  voyce.  Many  of  the  Pagans  were  present, 
which  were  invited  to  this  holy  day  from  other  places,  and 
were  almost  amazed  beholding  these  first  beginnings^ 
wishing  that  the  like  solemnitie  might  be  kept  in  their 
Villages.  As  farre  as  hitherto  we  are  able  to  gather,  the 
Indians  the  inhabitants  of  these  and  the  neighbour  Pagan 
Castles,  where  there  is  greater  store  of  people,  and  lesse 
diversitie  of  langviages,  are  quicke  and  prompt,  tractable, 
and  of  easier  conversion,  then  any  that  I  have  hitherto 
seene  or  knowne.  I  could  wish  that  I  might  sometime 
live  privately  with  my  selfe,  but  such  is  the  concourse  of 
commers,  that  they  love  me  not  thus  quiet,  and  though 
I  be  silent,  yet  they  minister  divers  speeches,  inquiring 
of  our  things,  and  rehearsing  their  owne,  and  come  to 
us  in  the  night  to  prayer.  They  are  ingenious  and  docile, 
although  they  have  no  teacher,  by  whose  instruction  this 

Their  houses,  force  of  nature  should  be  exercised.  They  live  in  Castles 
and  Countrey  villages,  in  houses  joyned  necre  the  one 
to  the  other,  and  builded  of  chalice  and  timber,  which 
they  adorne  with  Mats  and  coverings  of  reedes. 

In  the  marriages  which  they  make,  when  they  take 

[IV.  viii.        many  wives,  it  seemeth  not  inconvenient  or  indecent  unto 
1565-]  them,  to  take  their  sister,  mother,  or  daughter,  because 

'^^^^r      A   ^^^  thinke  that  this  maketh  much  for  domesticall  peace, 

i^I^J'X         and  that  thereby  all  emulation  may  be  avoided.     And 
incests  tft  111  1  r     /r*    •  '  11 

marriages.       though  they  make  no  account  of  amnitie,  yet  they  have 

exceeding  great  regard  of  consanguinitie.      They  love 

The  had  edu-  their  children  most  tenderly  for  a  certaine  time,  and  teach 

caHon  of  their  them  nothing  else  but  such  things  as  they  know  them- 

children.         selves,  and  never  beate  them  nor  chastise  them  for  any 

thing,  and  so  they  live  like  beasts.     They  marrie  them 

at  their  time ;   and  this  is  the  forme  of  their  marriage : 

Forme  of         The  Parents  of  each  partie  meete  together,  and  after 

Maniaffs.      conferences  had  betweene  them,  they  dance  according  to 

their  Countrie  custome,  and  giving  hands  returne  home ; 

if  the  Bridegroome  or  Bride  be  under  age,  they  stay 

certaine  moneths  and  sometime  a  yeare,  never  seeing  one 

74 


MARTIN  PEREZ  a.d. 

1591. 

the  other:  afterward  at  time  convenient  the  Father  of 
the  spouse  giveth  an  house  to  his  daughter  and  son  in 
law,  with  furniture  thereto  belonging. 

They  also  make  the  Bridegroome  a  Knight,  if  he  be  Their firme  of 
of  a  worthy  familie,  with  divers  rites,  whereof  these  be  ^^JH 
the  chiefest  ceremonies :    They  deliver  him  a  Bowe,  and     ^^^   ' 
instruct  him  how  to  use  his  new  weapons ;   and  to  shew 
a  signe  of  his  industrie  and  abilitie,  he  is  turned  out  to 
some  yong  Lyon  or  wilde  beast,  which  when  he  hath 
killed,   he  is  advanced   to   some   honour  and  dignitie, 
whereby   he   excelleth   others   which   are    not   Knights. 
Among  the  things  belonging  to  policie,  this  is  one  which 
they  doe  observe;    that  they  adopt  other  mens  children  Adoption, 
for  their  owne;    but  this  adoption  into  another  familie 
hath  very  severe  and  dangerous  ceremonies,  for  they 
thrust  a  sticke  into  their  mouthes  into  the  bottome  of 
their  throates,  wherewith  they  are  almost  choaked ;   if  it 
fall  out  well,  they  vomit  up  all  the  meate  in  their  stomacke, 
and  so  they  passe  over  into  the  right  of  another  man. 
Whatsoever  time  remaineth  from  labour  and  travaile  they 
spend  in  a  play,  which  is  like  to  Dice,  but  consiflteth  of  Their  quUt- 
divers  signes.     They  play  with  exceeding  great  modera-  ^^sse  and  kind 
tion  and  patience  of  minde,  being  most  cimning  in  this  ^  ^' 
kinde  of  sport,  no  oath  is  heard  among  them,  nor  any 
contentions  or  brabling  word,  though  they  loose  their 
apparell  and  all  that  they  have,  and  goe  home  naked,  as 
sometime  it  falleth  out. 

When  they  be  sicke,  if  the  disease  be  sore  and 
dangerous,  they  digge  a  place  for  their  buriall,  and  some-  Their  burials. 
times  it  standeth  five  or  sixe  dayes  open,  which  custome 
was  very  profitable  to  a  certaine  woman;  for  when  I 
came  into  a  certaine  Village,  and  saw  the  ground  digged 
very  deeply,  knowing  what  the  matter  was,  I  came  unto 
her  lying  on  her  Couch  and  sicke,  and  having  instructed 
her  in  the  Catechisme  which  I  had  written  in  the  vulgar 
Tongue,  in  the  principles  of  Christian  Religion,  I  baptised 
her,  but  she  recovered.  Now  the  cause  why  they  open 
the  places  of  their  burials  is  this.  That  presently  they 

75 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

may  cover  the  bodie  or  ashes  of  him  that  is  dead  (for 
somtimes  they  burne  the  bodies  with  all  the  house  and 
household  stufFe.)  They  sprinkle  the  Sepulchre  with  a 
certaine  dust,  whereof  they  make  a  drinke,  and  bring 
meate  with  them,  and  after  they  have  wept  over  the 
Grave,  they  make  themselves  drunke,  the  Kinsfolke  of 
the  dead  making  a  Feast  for  them  that  doe  assist  them^ 
And  these  be  their  Funerals. 

The  Vicar  of  the  Church  of  Culiacan,  which  is  fortie 
two  leagues  from  Cinoloa,  where  the  foresaid  Fathers 
live,  in  his  Letters  sent  to  a  certaine  friend  writeth  after 
this  manner :  In  Cinaloa  the  Fathers  labour  painfully  ii\ 
the  Lord  in  converting  the  Indians  unto  the  Faith  so 
fruitfully  and  happily,  that  we  all  hold  it  for  a  Miracle^ 
Neither  can  it  be  beleeved,  both  with  what  celeritie  they^ 
have  learned  and  speak  the  tongue  of  that  Countrie,  and 
with  what  facilitie  and  contentment.  The  Inhabitants 
come  to  bee  baptized,  and  desire  to  bee  instructed  in  the 
Articles  of  our  faith,  Doubtlesse  it  is  the  worke  of  God  ; 
wherefore  the  Divine  Majestie  doth  favour  and  promote 
the  same. 

A  Letter  written  from  Vallodolid  by  Ludovicus 
Tribaldus  Toletus  to  Master  Richard  Hakluyt, 
translated  out  of  Latin,  touching  Ivan  de  Onate 
his  Discoveries  in  New  Mexico,  five  hundred 
leagues  to  the  North  from  the  old  Mexico. 

WHen  you  shall  see  the  English  returned  home  out 
of  our  Spaine,  and  can  finde  no  Letters  sent  imto 
you  from  us,  perhaps,  and  that  worthily  you  will  accuse 
us  of  breach  of  our  friendship,  and  also  as  little  mindful! 
of  our  promise.  Yet  we  as  free  from  this  fault  salute 
you  most  willingly.  For  it  is  not  long  since  we  arrived 
here,  that  is  to  say  in  this  Court,  a  little  after  the  departure 
of  your  Countrimen  into  England.  Yet  we  made  our 
joumie  by  Sea  and  by  Land  indifferent  pleasandy  and 
according  to  our  desire.     After  we  had  rested  our  selves. 

76 


LUDOVICUS  TRIBALDUS  TOLETUS  a.d. 

1605, 

a  small  while,  we  desired  nothing  more  then  to  visit 
Andrew  Garsia  Cespedes,  a  man  for  many  respects  linked 
unto  us  in  most  straight  bands  of  friendship.  He  greatly 
rejoyced  of  your  goodwill  toward  him :  And  shewed  me 
a  certaine  briefe  yet  very  perspicuous  Relation  of  things 
atchieved  by  Don  Jvian  de  Onate,  among  the  Indians  of  Don  Juan  de 
New  Mexico.  Onaukis first 

For  therein  is  written,  that  he  departed  from  old  Mexico  '■'^^*^^- 
in  the  yeere  1599.  with  an  Armie  and  carriages  of  five  5000. /«»/ 
thousand  men,  in  which  number  boyes,  women,  young  men  '599- 
and  Souldiers  are  included.     He  carried  also  great  store  [IV.  viii. 
of  victuals  with  him,  flockes  of  Sheepe  and  Goates,  Herds  ^  5^6.] 

of  Oxen,  and  all  things  necessarie  for  life,  also  Horses  and 
Armour,  and  other  things  which  in  these  kind  of  Expedi- 
tions ought  to  be  provided.  Therefore  having  travelled 
through  divers  Countries  five  hundred  leagues,  hee  found  500.  kagues 
divers  Nations  by  the  way,  noble  for  their  builded  Townes  fraveiL 
and  reasonable  civill  manners.  All  which  he  received  into 
the  friendship  of  the  King  of  Spaine,  and  they  openly 
testified  the  same  by  publike  instruments,  and  giving  of 
their  faith.  And  when  with  his  company  he  came  unto 
a  Towne  very  strong  by  situation  of  the  place,  built  upon 
a  most  high  and  mightie  Rocke,  and  was  freely  received 
l>y  the  Inhabitants,  giving  their  right  hands  to  each  other, 
they  courteously  supplied  them  with  all  things  necessarie 
for  their  reliefe,  and  promised  within  a  while  after  that 
they  would  furnish  them  with  more,  sufficient  to  make 
a  very  long  journie.  When  Onate  had  waited  for  this 
thing,  at  the  day  appointed  hee  sent  his  Nephew  by  his 
sister  with  a  few  Souldiers,  who  entring  the  Towne,  came 
into  the  Market  place,  where  almost  all  the  multitude  of 
the  Townesmen  were  assembled  together.  Now  while 
hee  with  his  company  was  busic  in  buying  of  things, 
suddenly  the  Traitours  from  all  parts  rush^  upon  him  Treacherous 
and  his  fellowes  unawares,  and  by  most  wicked  treason  /^^/^. 
<nit  off  the  Captaines  head  and  sixe  others ;  the  rest  being 
wounded  hardly  escaped  by  flight  from  so  great  a  multi- 
tude that  assaulted  them,  yet  some  of  the  enemies  were 

77 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

slaine  and  thrust  through.      When   speedily  the  same 

hereof  came  to  Onate,  taking  with  him  a  choice  number 

of  Souldiers,  in  a  great  furie  he  came  unto  the  Towne> 

TAfir  Totone   besieged  it,  and  after  a  long  fight  by  mainc  force  he  tooke 

taken.  the  same,  slue  most  part,  tooke  the  rest,  burnt  the  Towne 

and  razed  it  to  the  ground,  that  no  tokens  might  remaine 

of  so  great  a  wickednesse  conunitted  against  him.     The 

Jcoma  is  in     Townes  name  was  Acoma :    and  none  of  our  men  was 

32.  Agrees,     slaine  in  the  siege  thereof. 

^f^^  After  this  he  easily  proceeded  forward  on  his  joumie 

J  mighty  city,  ^s  he  did  before,  till  he  came  to  a  mightie  great  Citie :    he 

inforced  this  City  with  the  villages  adjoyning  to  sweare 

obedience  to  the  King  of  Spaine,  not  altogether  unwilling^ 

yet  feared  by  the  example  and  ruine  of  the  towne  that 

Another  ^^s  destroyed.     From  hence  he  came  to  a  greater  Citie> 

greaur  Citie.  which  likewise  after  hee  had  obtained  it  by  great  friendship 

he  sent  certain  men  from  thence  to  search  out  the  oxert 

CiboUisin     of  Cibola,  long  since  known  by  the  report  of  one,  (to 

33.  iiigrees.     -^it  of  Vasquez  de  Coronado)  whether  they  were  such. 

indeed  or  no.  Who  when  they  had  found  a  great  multi- 
tude of  these  oxen,  and  would  compasse  them  about,  and 
force  them  into  certaine  inclosures  or  toiles,  their 
enterprize  prevailed  but  a  little:  they  are  so  wild  and 
so  swift.  Yet  after  they  had  killed  many  of  them^ 
bringing  store  of  them  with  them,  as  though  they  had 
bin  Deere,  returning  to  their  company  and  General,  to 
the  great  admiration  of  all  men,  they  declared  the  wildnesse 
and  innumerable  number  of  these  Oxen. 

Afterward  employing  of  themselves  to  keepe  those 

things  which  they  had  gotten,  they  builded  a  Towne„ 

The  Totone  of  which  they  called  Saint  Johns  Towne,  and  entring  intc^ 

Saint  John.      very  great  friendship  with  the  people  which  they  had 

lately  discovered,  after  they  had  round  certaine  very  rich 

Sundry  Mynes  Mynes  of  gold  and  silver,  being  laden  with  store  of  other 

of  gold  and      riches,  they  determined  to  live  pleasantly  and  quietly,  and 

found.  ^^^     ^^  ^^^  ^^^^^  travels,  with  singular  profit  of  the  Inhabitants 

in  the  Christian  Religion,  and  abjuring  of  their  Idols> 

which  in  former  time  they  worshipped  most  religiously. 

78 


LUDOVICUS  TRIBALDUS  TOLETUS  a.d. 

1605. 
At  length  within  these  two  yeeres,  leaving  his  fellowes 
there,  Onate  undertooke  a  new  Discovcrie  toward  that  J  second  Dis- 
most  famous  River  of  the  North,  which  at  length  he  ^^^^  1602. 
cUscovered,  being  everywhere  courteously  entertained  by  T    "^^. 
the  Inhabitants.     At  last  he  came  to  the  Lake  whereof  of  t^ Nora 
Jong  since,  have  gone  many  reports.     This  is  the  Lake  discovered. 
of  Conibas,  on  the  brinke  whereof  hee  beheld  a  farre  off  ^nmie  de 
a  Citie  seven  leagues  long,  and  above  two  leagues  broad.  ^^^'^  ^^  f*^ 
The  houses  of  tlus  Citie  were  separated  the  one  from  the  ^JI^J^ 
other,  and  trimly  and  artificially  builded,  adorned  with  ancko. 
many  trees  and  most  goodly  Gardens ;  and  often  divided  The  Lake  of 
with  streames  running  betweene  them.     Yet  none  of  the  ^^Z^^- 
Inhabitants  did  appeare.     Therefore  being  not  ftirnished  i^^^^i^ 
with  a  sufficient  Axmie,  he  kept  his  Souldiers  about  him  nuy  guade. 
in  a  strong  place,  yet  he  sent  certaine  Horsemen  into  the  Anton  de 
Towne  to  view  it :  who  after  they  had  ridden  by  a  certaine  -^^/«f. 
space  through  certaine  exceeding  faire  streets  of  the  Citie,      •^^'^^^ 
and  could  see  none  of  the  Citizens,  at  length  came  to  an        -^ 
exceeding  great  Market  place,  which  was  filled  with  an 
exceeding  great  company  of  men,  fortified  with  Rampiers 
and  other  fortifications  in  manner  of  a  Fortresse.     There- 
fore perceiving  themselves  to  be  unequall  to  so  infinite 
a  number,  they  retired  backe  to  their  fellowes  without 
attempting  any  thing,  and  so  returned  home  to  their  owne 
houses  under  the  conduct  of  Onate,  defFerring  the  assault- 
ing of  so  great  a  Towne  untill  a  more  convenient  time : 
and  now  mey  keepe  those  places  diligently,  which  they  ff^gsteme  coast 
have  alreadie  found,  and  doing  violence  to  none  of  the  ofAnurica 
Inhabitants,  they  live  in  all  happinesse  and  prosperitie.       discovered 
Moreover,  other  newes  is  brought  from  New  Spaine,  JEf^Cf.^"!^^ 
to  wit,  that  by  the  commandement  of  the  Vice-roy,  the  ^^^7/'** 
Coasts  of  the  South  Sea  toward  Cape  Mendocino  are  seemesattlas 
discovered,  and  that  exceeding  faire  and  large  Havens  time  was  more 
are  found  neere  the  Califomias,  which  hitherto  no  man  perfectly  dts- 
knew,  and  that  Castles  are  there  to  be  builded  and  fortified,  ^^/Xl^i" 
fit  to  withstand  the  force  of  the  enemie:    which  I  saw  you  see  in  M. 
painted  with  the  precise  longitudes  and  latitudes,  annexed  Bri^  his 
unto  them.  ^^• 

79 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

There  is  no  newes  come  of  the  Voyage  to  the  Iland 
lately  found  out  toward  Nova  Guinea.     If  any  newes 
come,  I  will  carefully  advertise  you  thereof. 
[IV.  viii.  It  remaineth,  that  I  speake  somewhat  of  the  instruction 

'S^?-]  which  I  promised  you,  and  now  send  unto  you:  to  wit, 
that  the  same  was  sent  to  the  West  Indies,  and  that  accord- 
ing to  the  precepts  therein  contained,  all  things  are 
observed  very  exactly,  and  written  to  the  Councell  of 
the  Indies :  and  that  Cespedes  our  friend  having  diligently 
read  over  these  Writings,  hath  written  an  excellent 
Volume;  but  he  hath  not  obtained  leave  to  publish  the 
same :  for  they  will  not  have  all  these  things  particularly 
to  come  to  light. 

And  these  be  the  things  which  I  now  thought  good 
to  write  unto  you,  my  Hakluyt,  meaning  to  have  written 
more,  if  there  had  beene  any  fresher  things  to  have  written 
of.  Neither  have  I  yet  sought  out  all  those  that  might 
informe  me  of  these  new  Discoveries :  for  I  could  not  yet 
doe  it  by  reason  of  the  shortnesse  of  the  time.  I  hope 
hereafter  I  shall  have  leisure :  and  I  know  you  will  com- 
mend mee  for  my  fi-iendship  towards  you*  Farewell  from 
Valladolid  the  Nones  of  July  1605. 

To  the  Reader. 

AFter  so  many  other  Spanish  Discourses  and  Dis- 
coveries, I  have  added  for  a  Spanish  farewell  this  of 
Bartholomew  de  las  Casas  a  zealous  Dominican  Frier,  after 
made  Bishop  of  Chiapa,  touching  the  excesses  committed 
by  some  Spaniards  in  the  Continent  and  Hands  of  America, 
from  their  first  Discoverie  till  the  yeere  1542.  in  which 
this  was  written ;  the  rather  heere  annexed,  as  our  con- 
clusion of  Spanish  Relations.  The  occasion  (it  seemeth) 
was  his  godly  zeale  of  converting  soules  to  Jesus  Christ 
from  the  power  of  Ethnike  darknesse,  which  was  hindered 
by  a  worse  darknesse  in  those  which  professed  themselves 
children  of  Light,  and  had  the  name  and  Sacraments  of 
Christians.     For  it  beeing  then  the  custome,  as  you  have 

80 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
seene  in  Soto,  and  others  before,  to  get  so  much  of  the 
American  Regions  in  Partition,  Commendam,  or  a  Com- 
mission from  the  King  (then  Charles  the  fifth  Emperour) 
to  discover  and  pacifie,  as  their  stile  hath  it,  that  is,  as  the 
Popes  Bull  prescribeth,  to  bring  into  Spanish  subjection, 
and  to  convert  to  the  Christian  Faith,  so  much  as  their 
Commission  limited,  paying  the  fifth  part  of  whatsoever 
they  got  to  the  Crowne;    they  abusing  the  Emperours 
lenitic,  and  concealing  their  out-rages,  proceeded  in  con- 
verting, as  that  word  is  derived  from  converrere,  not  from 
convertcre,  and  in  such  course  as  this  Author  expresseth, 
if  he  and  other  Divines  which  made  complaint  thereof 
to   the   Emperour  bee   to  be   credited.     Neither   is  it 
incredible  for  the  maine  part  of  the  Historie  (we  see  their 
own  Journals  insinuate  as  much  in  milder  and  closer 
termes)  howsoever  his  zeale  flings  forth  fiery  tearmes,  and 
paints  out  their  Acts  in  the  blackest  Inke,  and  most 
Hyperbolicall  Phrases.     The  Issue  was  the  alteration  of 
government  in  the  Indies,  by  the  gentlenesse  of  the  Kings 
of  Spaine,  which  freed  them  from  slaverie,  and  tooke 
better  order  both  for  their  bodily  and  spirituall  estate,  as 
before  wee  have  read  in  Herera.     And  if  any  thinke  that 
I  publish  this  in  disgrace  of  that  Nation;    I  answere, 
Every  Nation  (We  see  it  at  home)  hath  many  evill  men, 
many  Devill-men.     Againe,  I  aske  whether  the  Authoxir 
(himselfe  a  Spaniard  and  Divine)  intended  not  the  honour 
and  good  of  his  Countrie  thereby :  which  also  was  effected, 
evill  manners  producing  good  Lawes.     And  indeed  it  is 
as  much  honour  to  this  Bishop  and  the  Bishop  of  Mexico, 
with  other  Spaniards  that  shewed  their  zeale  of  reformation 
herein,  as  also  to  the  Kings  of  Spaine  which  have  eflFected  it ; 
as  the  doing  it  is  shame  to  other  Spaniards,  and  the  gener- 
alitie  here  touched.    The  like  abuses  of  Savages  in  Brasill, 
you  have  seene  by  Portugals,  complained  of  by  Jesuites, 
sup.  1.  7.  c.  2.    For  my  part  I  honour  vertue  in  a  Spaniard, 
in  a  Frier,  in  a  Jesuite :  and  have  in  all  this  voluminous 
storie  not  bcene  more  carefull  to  shew  the  evill  acts  of 
Spaniards,  Portugals,  Dutch  in  quarrels  twixt  them  and 

XVIII  81  F 


Aj>-  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

us,  then  to  make  knowne  whatsoever  good  in  any  of 
them,  when  occasion  was  offered.  And  so  fiure  am  I  from 
delighting  to  thrust  my  finger  in  sores  (which  yet  I  doe  on 
necessitie,  even  with  the  English  also)  that  I  have  left  out 
many  many  invectives  and  bitter  Epithetes  of  this  Author, 
abridging  him  after  my  wont,  and  lopping  of  such  super- 
fluities, which  rather  were  the  fruit  of  his  zeale,  then  the 
flowre  of  his  History.  I  could  also  have  added  the  names 
of  those  which  he  here  calleth  Tyrants,  the  Captaines  in 
those  Expeditions :  but  he  spared  them ;  as  then  livings 
and  in  Herera  before  you  have  them,  which  yet  is  angry 
with  Ramusio  for  that  wherein  this  storie  doth  excuse  him, 
the  concealment  of  their  names  being  best  commendation 
of  such  men.  In  these  prunings  and  comission  of  some 
things  (in  their  owne  places,  before  related)  above  a  third 
part  is  left  out,  and  yet  more  then  enough  left  to  testifie 
that  Mans  heart  given  over  to  covetousnesse  or  other  vice, 
is  a  bottomlesse  Hell,  wicked  and  deceitfrdl  above  all; 
who  can  search  it?  The  colours  which  the  Spaniards 
pretended  for  such  executions,  were  the  Man-eatings, 
Sodomies,  Idolatries  and  other  vices  of  Americans; 
perhaps  made  worse  in  the  telling,  and  certainly  with 
worse  vices  in  this  sort  punished  by  unjustest  Justice  in 
respect  of  the  Spaniards,  whose  unjustice  is  neverthelesse 
most  just  in  regard  of  God,  which  knoweth  how  to  punish 
sinne  by  sinne,  by  Sinners.  This  Booke  is  extant  in 
Spanish,  Latine,  Dutch,  and  in  English  also  printed  1583. 
when  as  peace  was  yet  betwixt  England  and  Spaine,  which 
English  Copie  I  have  followed. 


82 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a,b. 

434a. 

The  Prologue  of  the  Bishop  Frier  Bartholomew  [IV.  via. 
de  las  Casas  or  Casaus,  to  the  most  high  and  *56^1 

mightie  Prince,  Our  Lord  Don  Philip  Prince 
of  Spaine. 

|Ost  high  and  mightie  Lord,  as  God  by  his  Pro- 
vidence hath  for  the  guiding  and  commoditie  of 
mankind  in  this  World,  in  Realmes  and  Provinces, 
appointed  Kine^s  to  be  as  Fathers,  and  as  Homer  nameth 
them  Shepherds,  and  so  consequently  the  most  noble  and 
principall  members  of  Common-weales :  so  can  we  not 
justly  doubt  by  reason  of  the  good  wils  that  Kin^s  and 
Princes  have  to  minister  Justice,  but  that  if  there  be  any 
things  amisse,  either  any  violences  or  injuries  committed, 
the  only  cause  that  they  are  not  redressed,  is,  for  that 
Princes  have  no  notice  of  the  same.  For  certainly  if  they 
knew  of  them,  they  would  imploy  all  diligence  and 
indevour  in  the  remedie  thereof.  Whereof  it  seemeth 
that  mention  is  made  in  the  holy  Scripture,  in  the  Proverbs 
of  Solamon,  where  it  is  said,  Rex  qui  sedet  in  solio  Judicii 
dissipat  omne  malum  intuitu  suo.  For  it  is  sufficiently 
to  be  presupposed  even  of  the  kindly  and  naturall  vertuc 
of  a  King,  that  the  only  notice  that  hce  taketh  of  any 
mischiefe  tormenting  his  Kingdome,  is  sufficient  to  procure 
him,  if  it  bee  possible,  to  roote  out  the  same  as  beeing 
a  thing  that  he  cannot  toUerate  even  one  only  moment  of 
time. 

Considering  therefore  with  my  selfe  most  mightie  Lord 
the  great  mischiefes,  damages  and  losses  (the  like  whereof 
it  is  not  to  be  thought,  were  ever  committed  by  Mankind) 
of  so  large  and  great  Kingdomes,  or  to  speake  more  truely, 
of  this  so  new  World  of  the  Indies,  which  God  and  holy 
Church  have  committed  and  commended  unto  the  King 
of  Castile,  to  the  end  they  might  governe,  convert,  and 
procure  their  prosperitie  as  weff  temporallv  as  spiritually. 
I  therefore  (I  say)  being  a  man  of  experience,  and  fiftie 
yeeres  of  ago  or  more,  considering  these  evils,  as  having 

83 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

seene  them  committed,  at  my  being  in  those  Countries: 
Also  that  your  Highnesse  having  information  of  some 
notable  particularities,  might  bee  mooved  most  earnestly 
to  desire  his  Majestie,  not  to  grant  or  permit  to  those 
Tyrants  such  conquests  as  they  have  found  out,  and  which 
they  doe  so  name,  (whereunto  if  they  might  bee  suffered 
they  woxild  returne)  seeing  that  of  themselves,  and  being 
made  against  this  Indian,  peaceable,  lowly  and  milde 
Nation  which  offendeth  none,  thw  be  wicked,  tyrannous, 
and  by  all  Lawes  either  Naturall,  Humane  or  Divine, 
utterly  condemned,  detested  and  accursed:  I  thought  it 
best,  least  my  selfe  might  become  also  guiltie,  by  con- 
cealing the  losse  of  an  infinite  number  both  of  souls  & 
bodies  which  are  so  committed,  to  cause  a  few  of  their 
dealings  which  of  late  I  had  selected  from  among  infinite 
others,  and  that  might  truly  be  reported  to  be  printed, 
to  the  end  your  Highnesse  might  with  more  ease  peruse 
and  reade  them  over.     Also  whereas  your  Highnesse 
Master  the  Archbishop  of  Toleto,  when  hee  was  Bishop 
of  Carthagena  required  them  at  my  hands,  and  then  pre- 
sented them  to  your  Highnesse :  peradventure  by  reason 
of  such  great  Voyages  as  your  Highnesse  tooke  upon  you, 
both  by  Sea  and  by  Land  for  matters  of  Estate  wherein 
you  have  beene  busied,  it  may  bee  you  have  not  perused, 
either  have  forgotten  them,  and  in  the  meane  time  the  rash 
and  disordinate  desire  of  those  which  thinke  it  nothing 
to  doe  wrong,  to  shed  such  abundance  of  mans  bloud,  to 
make  desolate  these  so  large  Countries  of  their  natimll 
Inhabitants  and  Owners,  by  slaying  infinite  persons,  either 
to  purloine  such  incredible  treasures,  do  (kily  augment; 
these  Tyrants  proceeding  under  al  counterfeit  titles  and 
colours  in  their  instant  and  importunate  sute,  namely,  to 
have  the  said  Conquests  permitted  and  granted  unto  them : 
Which  in  truth  cannot  bee  granted  without  transgressing 
the  Law  both  of  Natiu-e  and  of  God,  and  so  consequently 
not  without  incurring  mortall  sinne,  worthy  most  terrible 
and  everlasting  torments :  I  thought  it  expedient  to  doe 
your  Highnesse  service  in  this  briefe  Summarie  of  a  most 

84 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

large  Historic,  that  might  and  ought  to  bee  written  of 
such  slaughters  and  spoiles  as  they  have  made  and  per- 
petrated. Which  I  beseech  your  Highnesse  to  receive 
and  reade  over,  with  that  Royall  clemencie  and  courtesie, 
wherewith  you  use  to  accept  and  peruse  the  workes  of 
such  your  servants,  as  no  other  desire,  but  faithfully  to 
employ  themselves  to  the  conunon  commoditie,  and  to 
procure  the  prospcritie  of  the  Royall  Estate. 

This  Sununarie  being  perused,  and  the  vildnesse  of  the 
iniquitie  committed  against  these  poore  innocent  people, 
in  that  they  are  slaine  and  hewed  in  pieces  without  desert, 
only  through  the  avarice  ambition  of  those  that  pretend 
to  the  doing  of  such  execrable  deeds,  being  considered. 
It  may  please  your  Highnesse  to  desire,  and  effectuallv 
to  perswade  his  Majestie  to  denie  any  whosoever  shall 
demand  or  require  so  hurtfull  and  detestable  enterprises : 
yea,  even  to  burie  any  such  suite  or  petition  in  the  infernall 
pit  of  perpetuall  silence,  thereby  shewing  such  terrour  and 
dislike  as  hereafter  no  man  may  bee  so  bold,  as  once  to 
name  or  speake  thereof.  And  this  (most  mightie  Lord) 
is  very  expedient  and  necessarie,  to  the  end  God  mav 
prosper,  preserve  and  make  the  estate  of  the  Royall 
Crowne  of  Castile  for  ever  to  flourish  both  spiritually  and 
temporally. 

Chap.  nn.  [iv.viii. 

A  briefe  Narration  of  the  destruction  of  the  Indies  ^^  '*■' 

by  the  Spaniards :  written  by  a  Frier  Bart,  de 
las  Casas  a  Spaniard,  and  Bishop  of  Chiapa  in 
America. 

I  He  Indies  were  discovered  the  yeere  1492. 
and  inhabited  by  the  Spanish  the  yeere 
next  after  ensuing :  so  as  it  is  about  fortie 
nine  yeeres  sithence  that  the  Spaniards 
some  of  them  went  into  those  parts. 
And  the  first  Land  that  they  entred  to 
inhabite,  was  the  great  and  most  fertile 
lie  of  Hispaniola,  which  containeth  sixe  hundred  leagues 

85 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542- 

in  compasse.  There  are  other  great  and  infinite  lies  round 
about,  and  in  the  Confines  on  all  sides :  which  we  have 
seene  the  most  peopled,  and  the  fullest  of  their  owne 
native  people,  as  any  other  Countrie  in  the  World  may 
be.  The  firme  Land  lying  off  from  this  Iland  two 
hundred  and  fiftie  leagues,  and  somewhat  over  at  the 
most,  containeth  in  length  on  the  Sea  Coast  more  then 
ten  thousand  leagues :  which  are  alreadie  discovered,  and 
daily  be  discovered  more  and  more,  all  fiill  of  people,  as 
an  Emmote  hill  of  Emmots.  Insomuch,  as  by  that  which 
since,  unto  the  yeere  the  fortieth  and  one  hath  beene 
discovered:  It  scemeth  that  God  hath  bestowed  in  that 
same  Countrie,  the  gulfe  or  the  greatest  portion  of 
Mankind. 

God  created  all  these  innumerable  multitudes  in  every 
sort,  very  simple,  without  subtletie,  or  craft,  without 
malice,  very  obedient,  and  very  faithfiill  to  their  naturall 
Liege  Lords,  and  to  the  Spaniards  whom  they  serve,  very 
humble,  very  patient,  very  desirous  of  peace  making,  and 
pcacefiill,  without  brawles  and  strugglings,  without 
quarrels,  without  strife,  without  rancour  or  hatred,  by  no 
meanes  desirous  of  revengement. 

They  are  also  people  very  gentle,  and  very  tender,  and 
of  an  easie  complexion,  and  which  can  sustaine  no  travell, 
and  doe  die  very  soone  of  any  disease  whatsoever,  in  such 
sort  as  the  very  children  of  Princes  and  Noblemen  brought 
up  amongst  us,  in  all  commodities,  ease,  and  delicatenesse, 
are  not  more  soft  then  those  of  that  Countrie:  yea, 
although  they  bee  the  children  of  Labourers.  They  arc 
also  very  poore  folke,  which  possesse  litde,  neither  yet 
doe  so  much  as  desire  to  have  much  worldly  goods,  and 
therefore  neither  are  they  proud,  ambitious,  nor  covetous. 
Their  diet  is  such  (as  it  seemcth)  that  of  the  holy  Fathers 
in  the  Desert  hath  not  bin  more  scarce,  nor  more  straight, 
nor  lesse  daintie,  nor  lesse  sumptuous.  Their  appare]£ng 
is  commonly  to  goe  naked :  all  save  their  shamefast  parts 
alone  covered.  And  when  they  be  clothed,  at  the  most,  it 
is  but  of  a  Mantle  of  Bombacie  of  an  ell  and  a  halfe,  or 

S6 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1542. 
two  ells  of  linnen  square.  Their  lodging  is  upon  a  Mat, 
and  those  which  have  the  best  sleepe  as  it  were  upon  a 
Net  fastened  at  the  foure  corners,  which  they  call  in  the 
Language  of  the  He  of  Hispaniola,  Hamasas.  They  have 
their  understanding  very  pure  and  quicke,  being  teachable 
and  capeable  of  all  good  Learning,  very  apt  to  receive  our 
holy  Catholike  Faith,  and  to  be  instructed  in  good  and  « 
vertuous  manners,  having  lesse  incumberances  and  disturb- 
ances to  the  attaining  thereunto,  then  all  the  folfe  of  the 
world  besides,  and  are  so  enflamed,  ardent,  and  importune 
to  know  and  understand  the  matters  of  the  faith  after 
they  have  but  begunne  once  to  taste  them,  as  likewise 
the  exercise  of  the  Sacraments  of  the  Church,  and  the 
divine  Service :  that  in  truth,  the  religious  men  have  need 
of  a  singular  patience  to  support  them.  And  to  make  an 
end,  I  have  heard  many  Spaniards  many  times  hold  this 
as  assured,  and  that  which  they  could  not  denie,  concerning 
the  good  nature  which  they  saw  in  them.  Undoubtedly 
these  folkes  should  bee  the  happiest  in  the  World,  if 
onely  they  knew  God. 

Upon  these  Lambes  so  meeke,  so  qualified  and  endued 
of  their  Maker  and  Creator,  as  hath  bin  said,  entred  the 
Spanish  incontinent  as  they  knew  them,  as,  Wolves,  as 
Lions,  and  as  Tigres  most  cruell  of  long  time  famished : 
and  have  not  done  in  those  quarters  these  fortie  yeeres 
past,  neither  yet  doe  at  this  present,  ought  else  save  teare 
them  in  pieces,  kill  them,  martyr  them,  afHict  them,  tor- 
ment them,  and  destroy  them  by  strange  sorts  of  cruelties 
never  neither  seene,  nor  read,  nor  heard  of  the  like  (of 
the  which  some  shall  be  set  downe  hereafter)  so  far  forth 
that  of  above  three  Millions  of  soules  that  were  in  the  TAreeMiU 
He  of  Hispaniola,  and  that  we  have  seene,  there  are  not  ijoHs  perUked 
now  two  hundred  natives  of  the  Countrey.     The  He  of  %^^/^^' 
Cuba,  the  which  is  in  length  as  fwre  as  from  Valladolid  ^n&joooo. 
until!  Rome,  is  at  this  day  as  it  were  all  waste.     Saint 
Johns  lie,  and  that  of  Jamayca,  both  of  them  very  great, 
very  fertill,  and  very  faire,  are  desolate.     Likewise  the 
lies  of  Lucayos,  neere  to  the  He  of  Hispaniok,  and  of 

87 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

the  North  side  unto  that  of  Cuba,  in  number  being  above 
threescore  Hands,  together  with  diose  which  they  call  the 
lies  of  Geante,  one  with  another,  great  and  little,  whereof 
the  very  worst  is  fertiler  then  the  Kings  Garden  at  SiviU, 
and  the  Countrie  the  healthsomest  in  the  World:  there 
500000  kst  were  in  these  same  lies  more  then  five  hundred  thousand 
intheLucayos.  soules,  and  at  this  day  there  is  not  one  only  creature^ 
For  they  have  beene  all  of  them  slaine,  after  that  they  had 
drawne  them  out  from  thence  to  labour  in  their  Minerals 
in  the  He  of  Hispaniola,  where  there  were  no  more  left 
of  the  Natives  of  that  Hand.  A  ship  riding  for  the  space 
of  three  yeeres  betwixt  all  these  Hands,  to  the  end,  after 
[IV.  viiL  the  inning  of  this  kind  of  Vintage,  to  gleane  and  cull  the 
^570-]  remainder  of  these  folke  (for  there  was  a  good  Christian 
moved  with  pittie  and  compassion,  to  convert  and  win 
unto  Christ  such  as  might  be  found)  there  were  not  found 
but  eleven  persons  which  I  saw:  other  Hes  more  then 
thirty,  neere  to  the  He  of  Saint  John  have  likewise  bin 
dispeopled  and  marred.  All  these  Hes  containe  above 
two  thousand  leagues  of  land,  and  are  all  dispeopled  and 
laid  waste. 

As  touching  the  maine  firme  land,  we  are  certaine  that 
our  Spaniards,  by  their  cruelties  and  cursed  doings  have 
dispeopled  and  made  desolate  more  then  ten  Kealmes 

r eater  then  all  Spaine,  comprising  also  therewith  Aragon 
Portugall,  and  twise  as  much  or  more  land  then  there 
is  from  Sevill  to  Jerusalem,  which  are  above  a  thousand 
leagues:  which  Realmes  as  yet  unto  this  present  day 
remaine  in  a  wildemesse  and  utter  desolation,  having- 
bin  before  time  as  well  peopled  as  was  possible.  We 
are  able  to  yeelde  a  good  and  certaine  accompt,  that  there 
is  within  the  space  of  the  said  fortie  yeares,  by  those  said 
*i2.  or  15.  tyrannies  and  divellish  doings  of  the  Spaniards,  done  *  to 
millions.  death  unjustly  and  tyrannously  more  then  twelve  Millions 

^th'  %r^  ^  ^^  soules,  men,  women,  and  children.  And  I  doe  verily 
beleeve,  and  thinke  not  to  mistake  therein,  that  there  are 
dead  more  then  fifteene  Millions  of  soules. 

The  cause  why  the  Spanish  have  destroyed  such  an 

88 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a,d. 

1542, 

infinite  of  soules,  hath  beene  onely,  that  they  have  held 
it  for  their  last  scope  and  marke  to  get  Gold,  and  to 
enrich  themselves  in  a  short  time,  and  to  mount  at  one 
Icapc  to  very  high  estates,  in  no  wise  agreeable  to  their 
persons :  or  to  say  in  a  word,  the  cause  hereof  hath  beene 
their  avarice  and  ambition.  And  by  this  meanes  have 
died  so  many  Millions  without  faith  and  without  Sacra- 
ments. 

Of  the  He  of  Hispaniola. 

In  the  He  Hispaniola,  which  was  the  first  (as  we  have 
said)  where  the  Spaniards  arrived,  began  the  great 
slaughters  and  spoyles  of  people:  the  Spaniards  having 
begtm  to  take  their  wives  and  children  ot  the  Indies,  for 
to  serve  their  turne  and  to  use  them  ill,  and  having 
begim  to  eate  their  victuals,  gotten  by  their  sweate  and 
travell;  not  contenting  themselves  with  that  which  the 
Indians  gave  them  of  their  owne  good  will,  every  one 
after  their  abilitie,  the  which  is  algates  very  small,  foras- 
much as  they  arc  accustomed  to  have  no  more  store  then 
they  have  ordinarily  neede  of,  and  that  such  as  they  get 
with  little  travell :  And  that  which  might  sufilice  for  three 
housholds,  reckoning  ten  persons  for  each  houshold  for  a 
moneths  space,  one  Spaniard  would  eate  and  destroy  in 
a  day. 

Now  after  sundry  other  forces,  violences,  and  torments, 
which  thev  wrought  against  them :  the  Indians  began  to 
perceive  that  those  were  not  men  disccnded  from  heaven. 
Some  of  them  therefore  hid  their  victuals,  others  hid  their 
wives  and  children,  some  others  fled  into  the  Mountaines, 
to  separate  themselves  a  farre  off  from  a  Nation  of  so 
hard  natured  and  ghastly  conversation.  The  Spaniards 
buffeted  them  with  their  fists  and  bastonades:  pressing 
also  to  lay  hands  upon  the  Lords  of  the  Townes.  And 
these  cases  ended  in  so  great  an  hazard  and  desperatenesse, 
that  a  Spanish  Captaine  durst  adventure  to  ravish  forcibly 
the  wife  of  the  greatest  King  and  Lord  of  this  He.  Since 
which  time  the  Indians  began  to  search  meanes  to  cast 

89 


AD  PURCHAS  HIS  PILORIMES 

1542. 

Ambition,  the  Spaniards  out  of  their  lands,  and  set  themselves  in 
armes :  but  what  kinde  of  armes  ?  very  feeble  and  weake 
to  withstand  or  resist,  and  of  lessc  defence.  The 
Spaniards  with  their  Horses,  their  Speares  and  Lances, 

Cruelty,  began  to  commit  murders,  and  strange  cruelties:  they 
entred  into  Townes,  Borowes,  and  Villages,  sparing 
neither  children  nor  old  men,  neither  women  with 
childe,  neither  them  that  lay  In,  but  that  they  ripped  their 
bellies,  and  cut  them  in  peeces,  as  if  they  had  beene 
opening  of  Lambes  shut  up  in  their  fold.  They  laid 
wagers  with  such  as  with  one  thrust  of  a  sword  would 
paunch  or  bowell  a  man  in  the  middest,  or  with  one  blow 
of  a  sword  would  most  readily  and  most  deliverly  cut  off 
his  head,  or  that  would  best  pierce  his  entrals  at  one 
stroake.  They  tooke  the  little  soules  by  the  heeles,  ramp- 
ing them  from  the  mothers  dugges,  and  crushed  their 
heads  against  the  clifts.  Others  they  cast  into  the  Rivers 
laughing  and  mocking,  and  when  they  tumbled  into  the 
water,  they  said,  now  shift  for  thy  selfe  such  a  ones  corpes. 
They  put  others,  together  with  their  mothers,  and  all  that 
they  met,  to  the  edge  of  the  sword.  They  made  certaine 
Gibbets  long  and  low,  in  such  sort,  that  the  feete  of  the 
hanged  on,  touched  in  a  manner  the  ground,  every  one 
enough  for  thirteene,  in  honour  and  worship  of  our 
Saviour  and  his  twelve  Apostles  (as  they  used  to  speake) 
and  setting  to  fire,  burned  them  all  quicke  that  were 
fastened.  Unto  all  others,  whom  they  used  to  take  and 
reserve  alive,  cutting  off  their  two  hands  as  neere  as  might 
be,  and  so  letting  them  hang,  they  said ;  Get  you  with 
these  Letters,  to  carry  tydings  to  those  which  are  fled 
by  the  Mountaines.  They  mxirdered  commonly  the 
Lords  and  Nobility  on  this  fashion :  They  made  certaine 
grates  of  pearches  laid  on  pickforkes,  and  made  a  little 
fire  underneath,  to  the  intent,  that  by  little  and  little 
yelling  and  despairing  in  these  torments,  they  might  give 
up  the  Ghost. 

One  time  I  saw  foure  or  five  of  the  principall  Lords 

Tortures,   roasted  and  broyled  upon  these  gredirons.     Also  I  thinke 

90 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
that  thare  were  two  or  three  of  these  grcdirons,  garnished 
with   the   like  furniture,  and  for   that  they  cryed  out 
pittiously,  which  thing  troubled  the  Captaine  that  he  coxild 
not  then  sleepc :  he  commanded  to  strangle  them.     The  [IV.  viii. 
Sergeant,  which  was  worse  then  the  Hangman  that  burned  ^S?!*] 

them  (I  know  his  name  and  friends  in  Sivil)  would  not 
have  them  strangled,  but  himselfe  putting  Bullets  in  their 
mouthes,  to  the  end  that  they  shoxild  not  cry,  put  to  the 
fire,  untill  they  were  softlv  roasted  after  his  desire.  I 
have  seene  all  the  aforesaid  things  and  others  infinite. 
And  forasmuch,  as  all  the  people  which  could  flee,  hid 
themselves  in  the  Mountaines,  and  mounted  on  the  tops 
of  them,  fled  from  the  men  so  without  all  manhood,  emptie 
of  all  pitie,  behaving  them  as  savage  beasts,  the 
slaughterers  and  deadly  enemies  of  mankinde:  they 
taught  their  Hounds,  fierce  Dogs,  to  teare  them  in  peeces  Dogges. 
at  the  first  view,  and  in  the  space  that  one  may  say  a 
Credo,  assailed  and  devoured  an  Indian  as  if  it  had  beene 
a  Swine.  These  Dogges  wrought  great  destructions  and 
slaughters.  And  forasmuch  as  sometimes,  although 
seldome,  when  the  Indians  put  to  death  some  Spaniards 
upon  good  right  and  Law  of  due  Justice:  they  made  a 
Lawe  betweene  them,  that  for  one  Spaniard  they  had  to 
slay  an  hundred  Indians. 

There  were  in  this  He  Hispaniola,  five  great  principall 
Healmes,  and  five  very  mighty  Kings,  unto  whom  almost  The  Realmes 
all   other  Lords  obayed,  which  were  without   number,  tokkh  toen  in 
There  were  also  certaine  Lords  of  other  severall  Provinces,  ^?  ^^K, 
which  did  not  acknowledge  for  soveraigne  any  of  these     *^^*^  ' 
Kings :  One  Realme  was  named  Magua,  which  is  as  much 
to  say,  as  the  Kingdome  of  the  plaine.     This  Plaine  is 
one  of  the  most  famous  and  most  admirable  things  of 
all  that  is  in  the  world.     For  it  containeth  fourescore 
leagues  of  ground,  from  the  South  Sea  unto  the  North 
sea,  having  in  breadth  five  leagues,  and  eight  unto  ten. 

It  hath  on  one  side  and  other  exceeding  high  Moun- 
taines.   There  entreth  into  it  above  thirty  thousand  Rivers  Great  Ripen 
and  LakeS)  of  the  which  twelve  are  as  great  as  Ebro,  and  <*«  Spaim. 

91 


Cibao, 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILORIMES 

1542. 

Duero,  and  Guadalquevir,    And  all  the  Rivers  which 
issue  out  of  a  Mountaine  which  is  towards  the  West,  in 
25000.  nxunber  about  five  and  twenty  thousand,  are  very  rich  of 

Rivers  rick  in  Gold.     In  the  which  Mountaine  or  Mountaines,  is  con- 
^?f^l  tained  the  Province  of  Cibao,  from  whence  the  Mines  of 

Cibao  take  their  names,  and  from  whence  commeth  the 
same  exquisite  Gold  and  fine  of  foure  and  twenty  Karrets^ 
which  is  so  renowned  in  these  parts.  The  King  &  Lord 
of  this  Realme  was  called  Guarionex,  which  lud  imder 
him  his  Vassals  &  Lieges  so  great  and  mighty,  that  every 
one  of  them  was  able  to  set  forth  threescore  thousand 
men  of  armes  for  the  service  of  the  King  Guarionex. 
Of  the  which  Lords  I  have  known  some  certain.  This 
Guarionex  was  very  obedient  and  vertuous,  naturally 
desirous  of  peace,  and  well  affectioned  to  the  devotion  of 
the  Kings  of  Castile,  and  his  people  gave  by  his  com* 
mandement,  every  housekeeper  a  certaine  kinde  of  Drum 
full  of  Gold:  but  afterwards  being  not  able  to  fill  the 
Drum,  cut  it  off  by  the  middest,  and  gave  the  halfe  thereof 
fiiU.  For  the  Indians  of  that  He  had  litde  or  none 
industrie  or  practise  to  gather  or  draw  Gold  out  of  the 
Mines.  The  Gicique  presented  unto  the  King  of  Castile 
his  service,  in  causmg  to  be  manured  all  the  lands  from 
the  Isabella,  where  the  Spanish  first  sited,  unto  the  Towne 
of  Saint  Domingo,  which  are  fiftie  leagues  large,  on 
condition  that  he  should  exact  of  them  no  Gold :  for  hee 
said  (and  hee  said  the  truth)  that  his  Subjects  had  not 
the  skill  to  draw  it  out.  As  for  the  manuring  which  he 
said  he  would  procure  to  be  done :  I  know  that  he  could 
have  done  it  very  easily,  and  with  great  readinesse,  and 
that  it  would  have  beene  worth  unto  the  King  every  yeere 
more  then  three  Millions  of  Castillans,  besides  that  it 
would  have  caused,  that  at  this  houre  there  had  bin  above 
fiftie  Cities  greater  then  Sivill. 

The  paiment  that  they  made  to  this  good  King  and 
Lord,  so  gracious  and  so  redoubted,  was  to  dishonour  him 
in  the  person  of  his  wife,  an  evill  Christian  a  Captaine 
ravishing  her.     This  King  could  have  attended  the  time 

93 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
and   opportiinitie  to  avenge  himselfe  in  levying   some 
armie :  but  he  advised  to  withdraw  himselfe  rather,  and 
onely  to  hide  him  out  of  the  way,  thus  being  banished 
from   his   Realme   and  state,   into   a   Province   of   the 
Cignaios,  where  there  was  a  great  Lord  his  vassall.    After 
that  the  Spaniards  were  ware  of  his  absence,  and  he  coxild 
no  longer  hide  himselfe:   they  make  warre  against  the 
Lord  ¥mich  had  given  him  entertainment,  and  make  great 
slaughters  through  the  Countrey  as  they  goe,  till  in  the 
end  they  found  and  tooke  him,  thrusting  him  loden  with 
chaines  and  irons  into  a  Ship,  to  carry  him  to  Castile: 
which  Ship  was  lost  upon  the  Sea,  and  there  were  with 
him  drowned  many  Spaniards,  and  a  great  quantity  of 
Gold,  amongst  the  which  also  was  the  great  wedge  of  The  greaust 
Gold,  like  unto  a  great  loafe,  weying  three  thousand  six  ^^fff^^^ 
hundreth  Castillans.     Thus  it  pleased  God   to  wreake  ^^l^J 
vengeance  of  matters  so  lewd  and  so  enormous.  naturaUkst 

The  other  Realme  was  called  of  Marien,  where  is  at  Marien. 
this  day  the  Port  at  one  of  the  bounds  of  the  plaine, 
towards  the  North :  and  it  is  farre  greater  then  the  Realme 
of  Portugall,  and  much  fertiler,  worthy  to  be  inhabited, 
having  great  Mountaines,  and  Mines  of  Gold,  and  Copper 
very  ric£.  The  King  was  called  Guacanagari,  which  had 
under  him  manv  great  Lords,  of  the  which  I  have  knowne 
and  seene  sundrv.  In  this  Kings  Countrey  arrived  first 
the  old  Admiral!,  when  he  discovered  the  Indies,  whom 
at  that  time  that  he  discovered  the  He,  the  said  Guacana- 
gari received  so  graciously,  bountifully,  and  curteously 
with  all  the  Spaniards  who  were  with  him,  in  giving  him 
all  entertainement  and  succour,  for  at  the  very  instant 
was  the  Ship  lost  (which  the  Admirall  was  carried  in)  that 
hee  could  not  have  bin  better  made  off  in  his  owne 
Countrie  of  his  owne  Father.  This  did  I  understand  of 
the  Admirals  owne  mouth :  This  King  dyed,  in  flying  [IV.  viii. 
the  slaufi^hters  and  cruelties  of  the  Spaniards  through  the  ^57*-] 

Mountaines,  being  destroyed  and  deprived  of  his  estate. 
And  all  the  other  Lords  his  subjects  dyed  in  the  tyrannic 
and  servitude  that  shall  be  declared  hereafter. 

93 


A,D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

Maguofta.  The  third  Realme  and  dominion  was  Maguana,  a 
Countrie  also  admirable,  very  healthfull,  and  very  fertile^ 
where  the  best  Sugar  of  the  lie  at  this  day  is  made. 

The  King  of  this  Countrie  was  named  Caenabo,  who 
surpassed  au  the  others  in  strength  and  state,  in  gravities 
and  in  the  ceremonies  of  his  service.  The  Spaniards  tooke 
this  King  with  great  subtiltie  and  malice,  even  as  he  was  ia 
his  owne  house,  doubting  of  nothing.  They  conveied  him 
afterwards  into  a  Ship  to  carry  him  to  Castile ;  but  as  there 
attended  them  six  other  Ships  in  the  port,  all  ready  to 
hoise  up  saile :  behold  how  God  by  his  just  judgement^ 
would  declare,  that  it,  with  other  things,  was  an  exceed- 
ing great  iniquitie  and  unjust,  by  sending  the  same 
night  a  tempest,  which  sunke  and  drenched  that  Navie 
with  the  Spaniards  that  were  within.  There  died  also 
with  them  the  said  Caonabo,  charged  with  bolts  and 
irons. 

The  Prince  had  three  or  foure  brothers  valiant  men, 
and  couragious  like  himselfe,  who  considering  the 
imprisonment  of  their  Lord  &  brother  so  against  all 
equitie,  together  with  the  wasts  and  slaughters  which 
the  Spaniards  made  in  other  Realmes,  and  specially  after 
that  they  had  heard  that  the  King  their  brother  was  dead> 
they  put  themselves  in  armes  to  encounter  the  Spaniards^ 
and  to  avenge  the  wrong ;  who  on  the  otherside  meeting 
with  them  on  horsebacke ;  so  they  rage  in  discomfitures 
and  massacres,  that  the  one  moytie  of  this  Realme  hath 
beene  thereby  desolate  and  dispeopled. 

Xaragua.  The  fourth  Realme  is  the  same  which  is  named  Xaragua. 
This  Realme  was  as  it  were  the  centre  or  middle  point,  or 
to  speake  of,  as  the  Court  of  this  Isle,  the  diamond  over 
all  the  other  Realmes  in  language  and  polished  speech,  in 
policie  and  good  manners,  the  best  composed  and  ordered. 
For  as  much  as  there  were  many  noble  Lords  and  Gentle- 
men, the  people  also  being  the  best  made  and  most 
beautifuU.  The  King  had  to  name  Behechio,  which  had 
a  sister  called  Anacaona.  These  two,  the  brother  and 
sister,  had  done  great  services  to  the  Kings  of  Castile> 

94 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1543- 
and  great  good  turnes  to  the  Spaniards,  delivering  them 
from  sundry  dangers  of  death. 

After  the  decease  of  Behechio,  Anacaona  remained  sole 
Sovcraigne  of  the  Realme.  At  a  time  came  into  this 
Realme  the  Governour  of  this  He  with  threescore  Horses, 
and  more  then  three  himdreth  footemen  (the  horsemen 
alone  had  beene  enough  to  spoyle  and  overrunne  not  this 
He  alone,  but  all  the  firme  land  withall:)  And  to  him 
came,  being  called,  more  then  three  hundred  Lords  under 
assurance,  of  whom  the  chiefest,  he  jfraudulently  caused  to 
be  conveyed  into  a  house  of  thatch,  and  commanded  to 
set  to  fire.  Now  on  this  wise  were  these  Lords  burned 
all  alive :  all  the  rest  of  the  Lords,  with  other  folke  infinite, 
were  smitten  to  death  with  their  Speares  and  Swords, 
But  the  Soveraigne  Lady  Anacaona,  to  doe  her  honour, 
they  hanged.  It  happened  that  certaine  Spaniards,  either 
of  pittie  or  of  covetousnesse,  having  taken  and  detained 
certaine  yong  striplings  to  make  them  their  Pages; 
because  they  would  not  have  them  slaine,  and  setting 
them  behinde  them  on  their  horse  backes ;  another  Spaniard 
came  behinde,  which  stabbed  them  through  with  a  speare. 
If  so  be  any  childe  or  boy  tombled  downe  to  the  groxmd, 
another  Spaniard  came  and  cut  off  his  legges.  Some 
certaine  01  these  Indians  which  could  escape  this  crueltie 
so  unnaturall,  passed  over  unto  a  little  He  neere  unto 
the  other,  within  an  eight  leagues.  The  Governour  con- 
demned all  those  which  had  passed  the  water,  to  become 
slaves ;  because  they  had  fled  from  their  butcherie. 

The  fifth  Realme  was  called  Higney,  over  the  which  Higmy. 
raigned  an  ancient  Queene  named  Hignanama,  whom  the 
Spaniards  hanged  up.  The  people  were  infinite  whom  I 
saw  burnt  alive,  and  rent  in  peeces,  and  tormented  diversly 
and  strangely,  and  whom  I  saw  made  slaves,  even  so  many 
as  they  tooke  alive.  And  now  for  as  much  as  there  are 
so  many  particularities  in  these  Massacres  and  destruction 
of  those  peoples,  that  they  cannot  conveniently  be  com- 
prised in  writing  (yea  I  doe  verily  beleeve,  that  of  a 
number  of   things  to  be  spoken  of,   there  cannot  be 

9S 


A-D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

disciphered  of  a  thousand  parts  one :)  I  will  oncly  in  that 
which  concerneth  the  warres  above  mentioned,  conclude, 
averre,  and  justifie  in  conscience,  and  as  before  God,  that 
of  all  others,  which  I  ovcrpasse  to  speake  of,  or  shall  be 
able  to  speake  of,  the  Indians  never  gave  no  more  occasion 
or  cause,  then  might  a  convent  of  good  religious  persons 
well  ordered,  why  they  shoxild  be  robbed  and  slaine,  and 
why  those  that  escaped  the  death,  shovdd  be  retained  in  a 
perpetuall  captivitie  and  bondage.  I  aflGu-me  yet  more- 
over, for  ought  that  I  can  beleeve  or  conjecture,  that, 
during  all  the  time  that  all  this  huge  number  of  these 
Islanders  have  beene  murdered  and  made  away  utterly, 
they  never  committed  against  the  Spaniards  any  one 
mortall  offence,  punishable  by  the  law  of  man.  And  con- 
cerning offences,  of  the  which  the  punishment  is  reserved 
unto  God,  as  are  desire  of  revengement,  hatred  and  ran- 
cour, which  these  people  might  beare  against  enemies  so 
capitall  as  were  the  Spaniards,  that  very  few  persons  have 
beene  attached  with  the  blemish,  and  lesse  violent  and 
forcible  did  I  finde  them,  by  the  good  experience  I  had 
of  them,  then  children  of  tenne  or  twelve  yeares  of  age. 
And  I  know  for  certaine  and  infallible,  that  the  Indians 
had  evermore  most  just  cause  of  warre  against  the 
Spaniards ;  but  the  Spaniards  never  had  any  just  cause  of 
warre  against  the  Indians,  but  they  were  all  diabolicall 
[IV.  viii.  and  most  unrighteous  more  then  can  be  spoken  of  any 
1573.]  tyrant  that  is  on  the  whole  earth.  And  I  affirme  the  selfe 
same  for  all  their  other  acts  and  gests  by  them  done 
throughout  all  the  Indies. 

The  warres  atchievcd,  and  all  the  men  done  to  death 
thereby,  reserved  commonly  the  yong  folke,  women,  and 
children  (the  which  they  departed  among  them,  in  giving 
to  one  thirtie,  to  another  fortie,  and  to  another  an 
hundreth,  or  two  hundreth,  according  as  every  one  had 
the  fevour  of  the  head  tyrant,  whom  they  called  the 
Governour)  they  gave  them  to  the  Spaniards  upon  that 
condition  and  colour,  that  they  would  teach  them  the 
Catholike  faith,  they  themselves  who  tooke  upon  them 

96 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  ad 

1542. 

this  charge  of  soules,  commonly  all  idiots,  or  utterly 
ignorant  persons,  barbarous  men,  extreamely  covetous  and 
vicious. 

Now  the  carke  and  care  that  these  had  of  them,  was  to 
send  the  men  unto  the  Mines,  to  make  them  dreine  them 
out  Gold,  which  is  an  intollerable  travell ;  and  the  women 
they  bestowed  into  the  Countrie  to  their  Farmes,  to 
manure  and  till  the  ground,  which  is  a  sore  travell,  even 
for  the  very  men,  the  ablest  and  mightiest.  They  gave 
to  eatc  neither  to  one  nor  other,  nought  save  grasses  and 
such  like  things  of  no  substance ;  in  such  sort  as  the  milke 
of  the  breasts  of  the  wives  new  delivered  of  their  childe- 
birth  dried  up;  and  thus  dried  up  in  a  small  season,  all 
the  little  creatures  their  yong  children.  Further,  by 
reason  of  the  separation  and  not  cohabiting  of  the  men 
with  their  wives,  the  generation  ceased  betweene  them. 
The  men  died  with  toyle  and  famine  in  the  Minerals:  Gem  sine 
these  the  women  died  ot  the  same  in  the  fields.  By  these  generatione 
meanes  were  consimied  and  brought  to  their  ends  so  huge  P^^^- 
a  number  of  the  folke  of  this  Isknd.  By  the  like  might 
be  abolished  and  exterpate  all  the  inhabitants  of  the 
world. 

As  touching  loding,  they  laid  upon  them  fourescore  or 

an  hundreth  pounds  waight,  which  they  should  carrie  an 

hundreth  or  two  hundreth  leagues:    The  Spanish  also 

causing  themselves  to  be  carried  in  Lyters  upon  mens 

armes,  or  beds  made  by  the  Indians,  in  feshion  of  Nets. 

For  they  served  their  turnes  with  them  to  transport  their 

carriages  and  baggage  as  beasts,  whereby  they  had  upon 

their  backes  and  shoulders,  whailes  and  gals  as  poore  galled 

beasts.     Also  as  touching  whippings,  bastonading,  bufFet- 

ingf,  blowes  with  the  fist,  cursing,  and  a  thousand  other 

kindes  of  torments,  which  they  practised  upon  them  during 

the  time  that  they  travailed,  of  a  truth,  they  cannot  be 

recounted  in  a  long  season,  nor  written  in  a  great  deale 

of  paper,  and  they  should  be  even  to  affright  men  withall. 

It  is  to  be  noted,  that  the  destruction  of  these  lies  and 

lands,  began  after  the  decease  of  the  most  gracious  Queene, 

XVIII  97  G 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

dame  Isabel,  which  was  the  yeare  one  thousand  five 
hundred  and  foure.  For  before  there  were  laid  wast  in 
this  He,  but  certaine  Provinces  by  unjust  warre,  and  that 
not  wholly  altogether,  &  these  for  the  more  part,  or  in  a 
manner  all  were  conceiled  from  the  knowledge  of  the 
Queene  (unto  who  it  may  please  God  to  give  his  holy 
glory)  forasmuch  as  she  had  a  great  desire,  and  a  zeale 
admirable,  that  those  people  mi^t  be  saved  and  prosper, 
as  we  do  know  good  examples,  the  which  we  have  seene 
with  our  eyes,  and  felt  with  our  hands.  Further  note 
here,  that  in  what  part  of  the  Indies  the  Spanish  have 
come,  they  have  evermore  exercised  against  the  Indians, 
these  innocent  peoples,  the  cruelties  aforesaid,  and  oppres- 
sions abominable,  and  invented  day  by  day  new  torments, 
huger  and  monstrouser,  becomming  every  day  more  cruell, 
wherefore  God  also  gave  them  over  to  faU  headlong  downe 
with  a  more  extreame  downfall  into  a  reprobate  sense. 

Of  the  two  lies  Saint  John,  and  Jamayca. 

THe  Spanish  passed  over  the  He  of  Saint  John,  and 
to  the  end  of  Jamaica  (which  were  like  Gardens  for 
Bees)  1509.  setting  before  them  the  same  end  which  they 
had  in  the  He  Hispaniola,  and  committing  the  robberies 
and  crimes  aforesaid,  adjoyning  thereunto  many  great  and 
notable  cruelties,  killing,  burning,  rosting  and  casting 
them  to  the  Dogs :    furthermore,  afterwards  oppressing, 
and  vexing  them  in  their  Minerals  and  other  travell,  unto 
the  rooting  out  of  those  poore  innocents  which  were  in 
600000,  or  a  these  two   lies,  by  supputation   six  hundred  thousand 
^^H  ^^       soules ;  yea  I  beleeve  that  they  were  more  then  a  Million, 
Jam5cr^     although  there  be  not  at  this  day  in  either  He  two  hundred 
persons,  and  all  perished  without  faith  and  without  Sacra- 
ments. 

Of  the  He  of  Cuba, 

IN  the  yeare  151 1.  they  passed  to  the  He  of  Cuba  (where 
were  great  Provinces,  and  great  multitudes  of  people) 
they  both  began  and  concluded  with  them  after  the  fashion 

98 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

afore  spoken,  yea  worse  and  farre  more  cruelly.     There 

came  to  passe  in  this  Hand  matters  worth  the  noting :    A 

Cacique,  named  Hathvey,  which  had  conveied  himselfe 

from  the  He  Hispaniola  to  Cuba,  with  many  of  his  people, 

to  avoide  the  calamities  &  practises  so  unnatural!  of  the 

Spanish:    when  as  certain  Indians  had  told  him  tidings 

that  the    Spaniards   were   comming   towards   Cuba,    ne 

assembled  his  men,  and  bespake  them :    Now  you  know 

that  the  Spaniards  are  comming  on  this  side,  and  yee 

know  also  by  experience,  how  they  have  entreated  such, 

and  such,  and  the  people  of  Hayti  (meaning  thereby  [IV.  viii. 

Hispaniola)  hither  they  come  to  doe  the  like  here.     Wot  >574] 

yee  why  they  doe  it?  they  answered,  no,  unlesse  it  be 

that  they  are  by  nature  voide  of  humanitie.     He  replied : 

They  do  it  not  onely  for  that ;   but  because  they  have  a 

God  whom  they  honour,  and  doe  demand  very  much, 

and  to  the  end  to  have  from  us  as  well  as  others  to  honour 

him  withall,  they  doe  their  uttermost  to  subdue  us.     He 

had  then  by  him  a  little  Chest  full  of  Gold  and  Jewels, 

and  said.  Behold  here  the  God  of  the  Spaniards,  let  us 

doc  to  him,  if  it  so  seeme  you  good,  Aretos  (which  are 

windlesses  and  dances)  thus  doing,  we  shall  please  him.  Dances  made 

and  he  will  command  the  Spaniards  that  they  shall  doe  ^  ^^• 

us  no  harme:    They  answered  all  with  a  loud  voyce: 

Well  said  Sir,  well  said.     Thus  then  they  danced  before 

it,  xintill  they  were  weary,  then  quoth  the  Lord  Hathvey, 

Take  wee  heede  how  ever  the  world  goe,  if  we  keepe 

him^  to  the  end  that  he  be  taken  away  from  us,  in  the 

end  they  will  kill  us ;  wherefore  let  us  cast  him  into  the 

River:    whereunto  they  all  agreed,  and  so  they  cast  it 

into  a  great  River  there. 

This  Lord  and  Cacique  went  alwayes  flying  the  Spanish, 
incontinent  as  they  were  arrived  at  the  He  of  Cuba,  as  he 
which  knew  them  but  too  well,  and  defended  himselfe 
when  he  met  them.  In  the  end  he  was  taken,  and  onely 
tor  because  that  hee  fled  from  a  Nation  so  unjust  and 
cruell,  and  that  he  defended  himselfe  from  such  as  would 
kill  \am^  and  oppresse  him  even  unto  the  death,  with  all 

99 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

Hatkvey         his  folke,  he  was  burned  alive.     Now  as  he  was  fastned 

bunud,  to  the  stake,  a  religious  man  of  Saint  Francis  order,  a 

devout  person,  spake  to  him  somewhat  of  God  and  of 

our  Faith,  which  things  this  said  Lord  had  never  heard 

of,  yet  might  be  sufficient  for  the  time  which  the  butchers 

gave  him,  that  if  he  would  beleeve  those  things  which 

were  spoken  to  him,  hee  should  goe  to  heaven,  where  is 

glory  and  rest  everlasting,  that  if  he  did  not  beleeve,  hee 

shoiild  goe  to  hell,  there  to  be  tormented  perpetually.    The 

Lord  after  having  a  little  paused  to  thinke  of  the  matter, 

demanded  of  the  Religious  man,  whether  that  the  Spaniards 

went  to  heaven ;  who  answered,  yea ;  such  of  them  that  were 

good.     The  Cacique  answered  againe  immediately  without 

any  further  deliberation,  that  he  would  not  goe  to  heaven, 

Hischoiseto    but  that  he  would  goe  to  hell,  to  the  end,  not  to  come 

ipe  to  hilly  and  in  the  place  where  such  people  should  be,  and  to  the  end 

^^'  not  to  see  a  Nation  so  cruell.     Loe  here  the  praises  and 

honour  which  God  and  our  faith  have  received  of  the 

Spaniards,  which  have  gone  to  the  Indies. 

One  time  the  Indians  came  to  meete  us,  and  to  receive 
us  with  victuals,  and  delicate  cheere,  and  with  all  enter- 
tainment ten  leagues  of  a  great  Citie,  and  being  come 
at  the  place,  they  presented  us  with  a  great  quantity  of 
fish,  and  of  bread,  and  other  meate,  together  with  all  that 
they  could  doe  for  us  to  the  uttermost.  See  incontinent 
the  Divell,  which  put  himselfe  into  the  Spaniards,  to  put 
them  all  to  the  edge  of  the  sword  in  my  presence,  without 
3000.  sUuM.  any  cause  whatsoever,  more  then  three  thousand  souies, 
which  were  set  before  us,  men,  women,  and  children.  I 
saw  there  so  great  cruelties,  that  never  any  man  living 
either  have  or  shall  see  the  like. 

Another  time,  but  a  few  dayes  after  the  premisses,  I 
sent  messengers  unto  all  the  Lords  of  the  Province  of 
Havana,  assuring  them,  that  they  should  not  neede  to 
feare  (for  they  had  heard  of  my  credit)  and  that  without 
withdrawing  themselves,  they  should  come  to  receive  us, 
and  that  there  should  be  done  unto  them  no  displeasure : 
for  all  the  Countrie  was  afraid,  by  reason  of  the  mischiefes 

100 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  ad. 

1542- 
-and  murderings  passed,  and  this  did  I  by  the  advice  of 
the  Captaine  himselfe.  After  that  we  were  come  into  the 
Province,  one  and  twenty  Lords  and  Caciques  came  to 
receive  us,  whom  the  Captaine  apprehended  mcontinently, 
breaking  the  safe  conduct  which  I  had  made  them,  and 
intending  the  day  next  following  to  bume  them  alive, 
saying  that  it  was  expedient  so  to  doe,  for  that  otherwise 
those  Lords  one  day,  would  doe  us  a  shrewd  tume.  I 
found  my  selfe  in  a  great  deale  of  trouble  to  save  them 
from  the  fire ;  howbeit  in  the  end  they  escaped. 

After  that  the  Indians  of  this  Iland  were  thus  brought 
into  bondage  and  calamitie,  like  unto  those  of  the  He  of 
His{xiniola,  and  that  they  saw  that  they  died  and  perished 
all  without  remedy :    some  of  them  began  to  flye  into  the  Out  eftke 
Mountaines,  others  quite  desperate  hanged  themselves,  frying-pan  into 
and  there  hung  together  husbands  with  their  wives,  hang-  ^^fi^^- 
ing  with  them  their  little  children.     And  through  the 
crueltie  of  one  only  Spaniard,  which  was  a  great  tyrant, 
and  one  whom  I  know,  there  hung  themselves  more  then 
two  hundred  Indians :    and  in  this  fashion  died  an  infinite 
of  people. 

There  was  in  this  He  an  officer  of  the  Kings,  to  whom 
they  gave  for  his  share  three  hundred  Indians,  of  whom 
at  the  end  of  three  moneths  there  died  by  him  in  the 
travel!  of  the  Mines,  two  hundred  and  sixty:  in  such 
sort,  that  there  remained  now  but  thirty,  which  was  the 
tenth  part.  Afterwards  they  gave  him  as  many  more, 
and  more,  and  those  also  hee  made  havocke  of  in  like 
manner,  and  still  as  many  as  they  gave  him,  so  many  he 
slew,  untill  he  died  himselfe,  and  that  the  Divell  carried 
him  away. 

In  three  or  foure  moneths  (my  selfe  being  present)  there 
died  more  then  sixe  thousand  children,  by  reason  that  they  6000.  Inftmts 
had  plucked  away  from  them  their  fathers  and  mothers,  ^^• 
which  they  sent  into  the  Mines.  I  beheld  also  other 
things  frightfull.  Shortly  after  they  resolved  to  dimbe 
after  those  which  were  in  the  Mountaines,  where  they 
wrought  also  ghastly  slaughters,  and  thus  laid  waste  all 

lOI 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542- 

this  He ;   which  we  beheld  not  long  after,  and  it  is  great: 
pitie  to  see  it  so  dispeopled  and  desolate  as  it  is. 

[IV.  yiii.  Of  Terra  Firma,  or  the  firme  land. 

<575-J 

IN  the  yeere  15 14.  there  landed  in  the  Maine  a  mis- 
chievous Govemour.  Hee  not  onely  wasted  or 
dispeopled  the  Sea  Coast,  but  sacked  also  great  Realmes 
and  Countries,  making  havocks  by  slaying  and  murdering 
of  peoples,  infinite  to  be  numbred,  and  sending  them  to 
Hell.  He  overranne  and  harried  most  of  the  places  in 
the  Land,  from  Darien  upward,  unto  the  Reaime  and 
Provinces  of  Nicaragua  within  being,  which  are  more 
then  five  hundred  leagues  of  the  best,  and  most  fertile 
ground  in  the  whole  World,  where  there  were  a  good 
number  of  great  Lords,  with  a  number  of  Townes, 
Boroughes,  and  Villages,  and  store  of  gold  in  more 
abundance  then  was  to  be  found  on  the  earth  untill  that 
present. 

This  Governour  with  his  men,  found  out  new  sorts 
of  cruelties  and  torments,  to  cause  them  to  discover  and 
give  him  gold.  There  was  a  Captaine  of  his,  which 
slue  in  one  walke  and  course  which  was  made  by  his 
commandement,  to  rob  and  roote  out  more  then  fortie 
thousand  soules,  putting  them  to  the  edge  of  the  Sword,, 
burning  them,  and  giving  them  to  the  Dogges,  and 
tormenting  them  diversly :  which  also  a  Religious  man 
of  the  Order  of  Saint  Francis,  who  went  with  him,  beheld 
with  his  eies,  and  had  to  name  Frier  Francis  of  Saint 
Romane. 

The  most  pernicious  blindnesse,  which  hath  alwaies 
possessed  those  who  have  governed  the  Indians,  in  stead 
of  the  care  which  they  should  have  for  the  conversion 
and  salvation  came  to  that  passe,  as  to  command  orders 
to  bee  set  downe  unto  the  Indians  to  receive  the  faith,  and 
render  themselves  unto  the  obedience  of  the  King  of 
Castile,  or  otherwise  to  bid  them  battle  with  fire  and 
Sword,  and  to  slay  them  or  make  them  slaves :    he  com- 

103 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

manded  (or  peradventure  the  theevcs,  whom  he  dispatched 
to  doe  the  execution,  did  it  of  their  heads)  when  they 
were  purposed  to  goe  a  roving  and  robbing  of  any  place, 
where  thty  knew  that  there  was  any  gold,  the  Indians 
being  in  their  Townes  and  dwelling  houses,  without  mis- 
trusting any  thing,  the  wicked  Spaniards  would  goe  after 
the  guize  of  Theeves,  unto  within  halfe  a  league  neere 
some  Towne,  Borough,  or  Village,  and  there  by  memselves 
alone,  and  by  night  make  a  reading,  publication,  or 
Proclamation  of  the  said  Ordinances,  saying  thus,  O  yes,  God  ami  King 
Caciques  and  Indians  of  this  firme  Land  ot  such  a  place :  atusai. 
Be  it  knowne  unto  you,  that  there  is  one  God,  one  Pope, 
one  King  of  Castile,  which  is  Lord  of  these  Lands :  make 
your  appearance,  all  delay  set  aside,  here  to  doe  him 
homage,  &c.  Which  if  you  shall  not  accomplish:  Be  it 
knowne  unto  you,  that  we  will  make  warre  upon  you,  and 
we  win  kill  you,  and  make  you  slaves.  Hereupon  at  the 
fourth  watch  in  the  morning,  the  poore  Innocents,  sleeping 
yet  with  their  wives  and  children :  these  Tyrants  set  upon 
the  place,  casting  fire  on  the  houses  which  commonly  were 
thatched,  and  so  bume  up  all  quicke  men,  women  and 
children,  more  suddenly  then  that  they  could  of  a  great 
many  be  perceived.  They  massacred  at  the  instant  those 
that  seemed  them  good,  and  those  whom  they  tooke 
prisoners,  they  caused  them  cruelly  to  die  upon  the  Racke, 
to  make  them  to  tell  in  what  places  there  were  any  more 
Gold  then  they  found  with  them:  and  others  which 
remained  alive,  they  made  them  slaves,  marking  them  with 
a  hot  Iron,  so  after  the  fire  being  out  and  quenched,  they 
goe  seeke  the  gold  in  their  houses.  This  is  then  the 
deportment  in  these  affaires  of  this  person,  with  all  the 
bond  of  his  imgodly  Christians,  which  he  trained  from 
the  fourteenth  yeere,  unto  the  one  and  twentie,  or  two 
and  twentieth  yeere,  sending  in  these  Exploits  sixe  or 
moe  of  his  Servants  or  Souldiers,  by  whom  he  received 
as  many  shares,  over  and  besides  his  Captaines  Generals 
part,  which  hee  levied  of  all  the  Gold,  or  all  the  Pearles, 
and  of  all  the  Jewels  which  they  tooke  of  those  whom 

103 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542- 

they  made  their  slaves.  The  selfe-same  did  the  Kir^s 
Officers,  everie  one  sending  forth  as  many  servants  as  he 
could. 

The  Bishop  also,  which  was  the  chiefe  in  the  Realme, 
he  sent  his  servants  to  have  his  share  in  the  bootie :  They 
spoiled  more  gold  within  the  time,  and  in  this  Realme, 
as  farre  forth  as  I  am  able  to  reckon,  then  would  amount 
to  a  Million  of  Ducates,  yea,  I  beleeve,  that  I  make  my 
reckoning  with  the  least.  Yet  will  it  be  found,  that  of 
all  this  great  theeving,  they  never  sent  to  the  King  ought 
save  three  thousand  Castillans,  having  thereabout  killed 
800000.  and  destroyed  above  eight  hundred  thousand  soides.  The 
IniUans  slaine.  other  Tyrant  Governours  which  succeeded  after,  unto  the 
yeere  thirtie  and  three,  slue  or  at  least  wise  consented,  for 
all  those  which  remained  to  slay  them  in  that  tyrannicall 
slaverie. 

Amongst  an  infinite  sort  of  mischiefes,  which  this 
Govemour  did,  nor  consented  unto  the  doing  during;  the 
time  of  his  government,  this  was  one:  To  wit,  that  a 
Cacike  or  Lord  giving  him,  either  of  his  good  will,  or 
which  is  rather  to  be  thought  for  feare,  the  weight  of 
nine  thousand  Ducates :  the  Spaniards  not  content  withall, 
tooke  the  said  Lord,  and  tied  him  to  a  stake,  setting  him 
on  the  earth,  his  feet  stretched  up,  against  the  which  they 
set  fire  to  cause  him  to  give  them  some  more  gold.  The 
Lord  sent  to  his  house,  whence  there  were  brought,  ytt 
moreover  three  thousand  Castillans.  They  goe  afresh 
to  give  him  new  torments.  And  when  the  Lord  gave 
them  no  more,  either  because  he  had  it  not,  or  because 
he  would  give  them  no  more,  they  bent  his  feet  against 
the  fire,  untill  that  the  verie  marrow  sprang  out,  and  trilled 
downe  the  soles  of  his  feete:  so  as  hee  therewith  died. 
They  have  oftentimes  exercised  these  kinde  of  torments 
towards  the  Lords,  to  make  them  give  them  gold,  where- 
with they  have  also  slaine  them. 
[IV.  viii.  Another  time,  a  certaine  companie  of  Spaniards,  using 

I  $7^0  their  thefts  and  robberies,  came  to  a  Mountaine,  where 
were  assembled  and  hid  a  number  of  people,  having 

104 


BAKTHOLOMEW   DE   LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
shunned  those  men  so  pernicious  and  horrible:  whom 
incontinent  entring  upon,  they  tooke  about  three  or  fourc- 
score,  as  well  women  as  maids,  having  killed  as  many  as 
they  could  kill.  The  morrow  after,  there  assembled  a 
great  companie  of  Indians,  to  pursue  the  Spaniards, 
warring  against  them  for  the  great  desire  they  had  to 
recover  their  wives  and  daughters. 

The  Spaniards  perceiving  the  Indians  to  approach  so 
neere  upon  them,  would  not  so  forgoe  their  prey,  but 
stabd  their  Swords  thorow  the  bellies  of  the  wives  and 
wenches,  leaving  but  one  alone  alive  of  all  the  fom^escore. 
The  Indians  felt  their  hearts  to  burst  for  sorrow  and  griefe 
which  they  suffered,  yelling  out  in  cries  and  speaking 
such  words :  O  wicked  men,  O  yee  the  cruell  Spaniards : 
doe  yee  kill  Las  Iras :  They  terme  Iras  in  that  Countrie 
the  women :  as  if  they  would  say,  to  kill  women,  those 
be  acts  of  abominable  men,  and  cruell  as  beasts. 

There  was  about  ten  or  fifteene  leagues  from  Joanama, 
a  great  Lord  named  Paris,  which  was  very  rich  of  gold : 
The  Spaniards  went  thither,  whom  this  Lord  received  as 
if  they  had  beene  his  owne  brethren,  and  made  a  Present 
unto  the  Captaine  of  fiftie  thousand  Castillans  of  his 
owne  voluntarie  accord.  It  seemed  unto  the  Captaine 
and  the  other  Spaniards,  that  he  which  gave  such  a  great 
summe  of  his  owne  will,  should  have  a  great  treasure, 
which  should  be  the  end  and  easing  of  their  travels. 
They  pretend  in  words  to  depart :  but  they  returne  at 
the  fourth  watch  of  the  morning,  setting  upon  the  Towne 
which  mistrusted  nothing  set  it  on  fire,  whereby  was  burnt 
and  slaine  a  great  number  of  people,  and  by  this  meanes 
they  brought  away  in  the  spoile  fiftie,  or  threescore 
thousand  Castillans  moe.  The  Cacike  or  Lord  escaped 
without  being  slaine  or  taken,  and  levied  incontinent  as 
many  of  his  as  he  could.  And  at  the  end  of  three  or 
foure  daies  overtaketh  the  Spaniards  which  had  taken  firom 
him  an  hundred  and  thirtie,  or  fortie  thousand  Castillans, 
and  set  upon  them  valiantly,  killing  fiftie  Spaniards,  and 
recovering  all  the  gold  whidh  they  had  taken  from  him. 

105 


A-D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

The  others  saved  themselves  by  running  away,  being  well 
charged  with  blowes  and  wounded.  Not  long  after,  divers 
of  the  Spanish  returne  against  the  said  Cacike,  and  dis- 
comfite  him  with  an  infinite  number  of  his  people.  Those 
which  were  not  slaine,  they  put  them  to  the  ordinarie 
bondage:  in  such  sort,  as  that  there  is  not  at  this  day, 
neither  tracke  nor  token,  that  there  hath  beene  living 
there  either  people,  or  so  much  as  one  man  alone  borne 
of  woman  within  thirtie  leagues  of  the  Land,  which  was 
before  notably  peopled  and  governed  by  divers  Lords. 
There  is  no  reckoning  able  to  be  made  of  the  m\irders 
which  this  CaitifFe  with  his  companie  committed  in  these 
Realmes  which  he  so  dispeopled. 

Of  the  Province  of  Nicaragua, 

THe  yeere  1522.  or  twentie  three,  this  Tyrant  went 
farther  into  the  Land :  to  bring  under  his  yoke  the 
most  fertile  Province  of  Nicaragua,  and  so  in  thither  he 
entred  in  an  evill  houre.  There  is  no  man  which  is  able 
worthily  and  sufficiently  to  speake  of  the  fertiltie,  health- 
somenesse,  prosperitie,  and  frequencie,  of  those  Nations 
that  there  were. 

He  sent  fiftie  Horsemen,  and  caused  to  sky  all  the 
people  of  this  Province,  (which  is  greater  then  the  Countie 
of  Rossillon)  with  the  Sword :  in  such  sort,  as  that  hee 
left  alive,  nor  man,  nor  woman,  nor  old,  nor  young,  for 
the  least  cause  in  the  World :  as  if  they  came  not  inconti- 
nent at  his  command :  or  if  they  did  not  bring  him  so 
many  load  of  Maiz,  which  signifieth  in  that  Countrie 
bread  Corner  or  if  they  did  not  bring  him  so  many 
Indians  to  serve  him  and  others  of  his  company :  for  the 
Countrie  lay  levell,  as  was  said,  and  no  creature  could 
escape  his  horses  and  devillish  rage.  He  sent  Spaniards 
to  make  out  rodes,  that  is  to  say,  to  go  a  theeving  into 
other  Provinces :  and  gave  leave  to  those  Rovers,  to  carrie 
with  them  as  many  Indians  of  this  peaceable  people  as 
they  listed,  and  that  they  should  serve  them,  whom  they^ 

106 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE   LAS    CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

put  to  the  chaine,  to  the  end  they  should  not  give  over 
the  burdens  of  three  or  fourescore  pounds  weight,  where- 
with they  loaded  them,  whereof  it  came  to  passe  oftentimes 
that  of  foure  thousand  Indians,  there  returned  not  home 
to  their  houses  six  alive :  but  even  fell  downe  starke  dead 
in  the  high  way :  and  when  any  were  so  wearie  that  they 
could  march  no  farther  for  the  weight  of  their  burdens, 
or  that  some  of  them  fell  sicke,  or  rainted  for  hunger  or 
thirst,  because  it  should  not  need  to  stand  so  long  as  to 
unlocke  the  chaine,  and  to  make  the  speedier  dispatch, 
hee  cut  off  the  head  from  the  shoulders,  and  so  the  head 
tumbled  downe  one  way,  and  the  bodie  another.  Now 
consider  with  your  selves,  what  the  other  poore  soules 
might  thinke  the  whiles. 

He  was  the  cause  that  the  Indians  sowed  not  their  Cause  and 
groimds  one  whole  yeeres  continuance.     So  as  now,  when  extrmttu  of 
they  wanted  bread,  the  Spaniards  tooke  away  from  the  ^«^'«^- 
Inctians  their  Maiz,  which  they  had  in  store  for  provision, 
to  nourish  them  and  their  children :    whereby  there  died 
of  famine  more  then  twentie  or  thirtie  thousand  soules. 
And  it  came  to  passe,  that  a  woman  falne  mad  with  the 
&mine  slue  her  Sonne  to  eate  him. 

They  have  discomfited  and  oppressed  in  this  Province 
a  great  number  of  people,  and  hastened  their  death  in 
causing  them  to  beare  boords  and  timber  unto  the  Haven  » 
thirty  leagues  distance,  to  make  ships  with  :  and  sent  them 
to  go  seeke  Honie  and  Wax  amiddest  the  Mountaines, 
where  the  Tigres  devoured  them :  Yea  they  have  laden  [IV.  viii. 
women  with  childe,  and  women  new  delivered  or  lying  in,  >577] 

with  burdens  enough  for  beasts. 

The  greatest  plague  which  hath  most  dispeopled  this 
Province,  hath  beene  the  licence  which  the  Governour 
gave  to  the  Spaniards,  to  demand  or  exact  of  the  Cacicks 
and  Lords  of  the  countrie  slaves.  They  did  give  them 
every  foure  or  five  moneths,  or  as  oftentimes  as  every  one 
could  obtaine  licence  of  the  Governour  fiftie  slaves :  with  Tribuu 
threatnings,  that  if  they  gave  them  not,  they  would  burne  '^^'' 
them  alive,  or  cause. them  to  be  eaten  with  Dogges.     Now 

1C7 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

ordinarily  the  Indians  doe  not  keepe  slaves,  and  it  is  much 
if  one  Cacike  doe  keepe  two,  three  or  foure :  Wherefore 
to  serve  this  tume,  they  went  to  their  subjects,  and  tooke 
first  all  the  Orphelins,  and  afterwards  they  exacted  of  him 
that  had  two  children  one,  and  of  him  that  had  three,  two  : 
and  in  this  manner  was  the  Cacicke  faine  to  furnish  still 
to  the  number  that  the  Tyrant  imposed,  with  the  great 
weeping  and  crying  of  the  people:  for  they  are  people 
that  doe  love  (as  it  seemeth)  tenderly  their  children.  And 
for  because  that  this  was  done  continually,  they  dispeopled 
fi-om  the  yeere  23.  unto  the  yeere  33.  all  this  Realme. 
For  there  went  for  sixe  or  seven  yeeres  space,  five  or  sixe 
ships  at  a  time,  carrying  forth  great  numbers  of  those 
Indians,  for  to  sell  them  for  slaves  at  Joanama  and  Peru : 
where  they  all  died  not  long  after.  For  it  is  a  thing 
proved  and  experimented  a  thousand  times,  that  when  the 
Indians  are  transported  firom  their  naturall  Countrey,  they 
soone  end  their  lives :  besides  that  these  give  them  not 
their  sustenance,  neither  yet  diminish  they  of  their  toile, 
as  neither  doe  they  buy  them,  for  ought  else  but  to  toile- 
They  have  by  this  manner  of  doing  drawne  out  of  this 
Province  of  the  Indies,  whom  they  have  made  slaves, 
500000.  being  as  free  borne  as  I  am,  more  then  five  hundred 
Indtans  thousand  soules.     And  by  the  Devillish  warres  which  the 

anspore  .  Spanish  have  made  on  them,  and  the  hideous  thraldome 
that  they  have  laid  upon  them,  they  have  brought  to  their 
50000  shine,  deaths,  other  fiftie  or  threescore  thousand  persons,  and 
do  yet  daily  make  havocke  of  them  at  this  present.  All 
these  slaughters  have  beene  accomplished  within  the  space 
of  fourteene  yeeres.  There  may  be  left  at  this  day  in 
all  this  Provinces  of  Nicaragua,  the  number  of  about 
foure  or  five  thousand  persons,  which  they  also  cause  to 
die  as  yet  every  day,  through  bondages  and  oppressions 
ordinarily  and  personall,  having  beene  the  Countrey  the 
most  peopled  in  the  World,  as  I  have  alreadie  said. 


108 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1542. 

Of  New  Spaine. 

IN  the  yeere  15 17.  was  New  Spaine  discovered :    at  the  In  thefirmr 

Discoverie  whereof  were  committed  great  disorders  ^scourseof 

and  slaughters  of  the  Indians,  by  those  which  had  the  ^^^l^J^^ 

doing  ot  that  Exploite.     The  yeere  1518.  there  went  '^^qfaU 

Spanish  Christians  (as  they  terme  themselves)  to  rob  and  these  first 

slay,  notwithstanding  that  they  said  they  went  to  people  pianurs^  or  as 

the  Countrie.    Sithence  that  yeere,  151 8.  unto  this  present  *^^ ^^^^ 

yeere  1542.  the  unjust  dealings,  the  violencie,  and  the  ^^L^I^^^. 

Tyrannies  which  the  Spaniards  have  wrought  against  the  wMch  M  ' 

Indians,  are  mounted  to  the  highest  degree  of  extremitie:  radar  depopu- 

those  selfe-same  Spaniards,  having  thorowly  lost  the  feare  ^^^^ 

of  God,  and  of  the  King,  and  forgotten  themselves.     For  ^^^^^   / 

the  discomfitures,  cruelties,  slaughters,  spoiles,  the  destruc-  cfndd  have 

tions  of  Cities,  pillages,  violences,  and  Tyrannies  which  added  their 

they  have  made  in  so  many  Realmes,  and  so  great  have  namesMt^as 

been  such  and  so  horrible,  that  all  the  things  which  we  ^J^^^""^^^ 

have  spoken  of,  are  nothing  in  comparison  of  those  which  j^j^r  had 

have  beene  done  and  executed  from  the  yeere  1518.  unto  done  then, 

the  yeere  1542.  and  as  yet  at  this  time,  this  moneth  oirrent  whiles  many  0/ 

of  September,  are  in  doing  and  committing  the  most  ^^^^^^^^ 

grievousest,  and  the  most  abominablest  of  aS:    in  such  'p^si^^^and 

sort  that  the  nde  which  wee  set  downe  before  is  verified :  bitter  invec- 

That  is,  That  firom  the  beginning  they  have  alwaies  pro-  Aves  1  have 

ceeded    from  evill    to    worse,    and   have   gone   beyond  ^^^out,on/y 

themselves  in  the  most  greatest  disorders  and  devillish  5^^^*^^;^ 

doings.  also  mlTtfiing 

In  such  wise,  as  that  since  the  first  entring  into  New  many  things. 
Spaine,  which  was  on  the  eight  day  of  Aprill,  in  the 
eighteenth '  yeere  unto  the  thirtieth  yeere,  which  make 
twelve  yeeres  complete:  the  slaughters  and  the  destruc- 
tions have  never  ceassed,  which  the  bloudie  and  crueU 
hands  of  the  Spaniards  have  continually  executed  in  foiu'e 
hundred  and  fiftie  leagues  of  Land  or  thereabout  in 
compasse,  round  about  Mexico,  and  the  Neighbour 
Regions  round  about,  such  as  the  which  might  containe 

109 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

foure  or  five  great  Realmes,  as  great  and  a  great  deale 

farre  fertiler  then  is  Spaine.     All  this  Countrie  was  more 

peopled  with  Inhabitants,  then  Toledo,  and  Sivill,  and 

Vallodolid,  and  Savagoce,  with  Barcelona.     For  that  there 

hath  not  beene  commonly  in  those  Cities,  nor  never  were 

such  a  world  of  people,  when  they  have  beene  peopled 

with  the  most,  as  there  was  then  in  the  said  Country, 

which  containeth  in  the  whole  compasse  more  then  1800. 

leagues :    during  the  time  of  the  above  mentioned  twelve 

yeeres,  the  Spaniards  have  slaine  and  done  to  death  in 

the  said  450.  leagues  of  Land  what  men,  what  women, 

Foure  MiU     yfhzi  young  and  fittle  children,  more  then  foure  Millions 

UoHs  slmne.      of  soules,  with  the  dint  of  the  Sword  and  Speare,  and  by 

fire,  during  (I  sayj  the  Concjuests  (as  they  call  them.) 

Neither  yet  doe  I  nere  comprize  those,  whom  they  have 

slaine,  and  doe  slay  as  yet  every  day,  in  the  aforesaid 

slaverie  and  oppression  ordinarie. 

Of  New  Amongst  other  M\irders  and  Massacres  they  conmiitted 

Spaine  in        this  one  which  I  am  now  to  speake  of,  in  a  great  Citie 

particular.       moTt  then  of  a  thirtie  thousand  housholds,  which  is  called 

Cholula:    that  is,  that  conmiing  before  them  the  Lords 

of  the  Countrie  and  places  neere  adjoyning,  and  first  and 

[IV.  viii.        formost  the  Priests  with  their  chiete  high  Priest  in  pro- 

^578.]  cession,  to  receive  the  Spaniards  with  great  solemn! tie 

and  reverence,  so  conducting  them  in  the  middest  of  them, 

towards  their  Lodgings  in  the  Citie,  in  the  houses  and 

place  of  the  Lord,  or  other  principall  Lords  of  the  Citie : 

the  Spaniards  advised  with  themselves  to  make  a  massacre, 

or  a  chastise  (as  they  speake)  to  the  end,  to  raise  and  plant 

a  dread  of  their  cruelties  in  every  corner  of  all  that 

Countrie. 

Now  this  hath  beene  alwaies  their  customary  manner 
of  doing,  in  every  the  Regions  which  they  have  entred 
into,  to  execute  incontinent  upon  their  first  arrivall,  some 
notable  cruell  butcherie,  to  the  end,  that  those  poore  and 
innocent  Lambes  should  tremble  for  feare  which  they 
should  have  of  them:  in  this  wise  they  sent  first  to 
summon  all  the  Lords  and  Noblemen  of  the  Citie,  and 

no 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
of  all  the  places  subject  unto  the  same  Citie:  who  so 
soone  as  they  came  to  speake  with  the  Captaine  of  the 
Spaniards,  were  incontinent  apprehended  before  that  any 
body  might  perceive  the  matter,  to  be  able  thereupon  to 
beare  tidings  thereof  unto  others.  Then  were  demanded 
of  them  five  or  sixe  thousand  Indians,  to  carry  the  lodings 
and  carriages  of  the  Spaniards :  which  Indians  came  forth- 
with, and  were  bestowed  into  the  base  Courts  of  the 
Houses.  It  was  a  pitifuU  case  to  see  these  poore  folke, 
what  time  they  made  them  ready  to  beare  the  carriages 
of  the  Spaniard,  They  come  all  naked,  only  their  secret 
parts  covered,  having  every  one  upon  their  shoulder  a 
Net  with  a  small  deale  of  victuall :  they  bow  themselves 
every  one,  and  hold  their  backes  cowred  downe  like  a 
sort  of  sillie  Lambes,  presenting  themselves  to  the 
Swords :  and  thus  being  all  assembled  in  the  base  Court, 
together  with  others,  one  part  of  the  Spanish  all  armed, 
bestowe  themselves  at  the  gates  to  hemme  them  in,  whiles 
the  rest  put  these  poore  Sheepe  to  the  edge  of  the  Sword 
and  the  Speares,  in  such  sort,  that  there  coidd  not  escape 
away  one  onely  person,  but  that  he  was  cruelly  put  to 
death :  saving  that  after  a  two  or  three  dayes  you  might 
have  seene  come  forth  sundry  all  covered  with  bloud  which 
had  hid  and  saved  themselves  under  the  dead  bodies  of 
their  fellowes,  and  now  presenting  themselves  before  the 
Spaniards,  asking  them  mercy  and  the  saving  of  their 
lives :  they  found  in  them  no  pitie  nor  compassion  any 
whit  at  all,  but  were  all  hewed  in  pieces. 

All  the  Lords  which  were  above  and  underneath,  ¥ere 
all  bound,  the  Captaine  commanding  them  to  be  brent 
quicke  being  bound  unto  stakes  pitched  into  the  ground. 
Howbeit  one  Lord,  which  might  be  peradventure  the 
principall  and  King  of  the  Countrie  saved  himselfe,  and 
cast  himselfe  with  thirtie  or  fortie  other  men  into  a  Temple 
thereby,  which  was  as  good  unto  them  as  a  Fort,  which 
they  call  in  their  Language,  Qewe :  and  there  he  defended 
himselfe  a  good  part  of  the  day.  But  the  Spaniards, 
whose  hands  nothing  can  escape  specially  armed  for  the 

III 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

warre,  cast  fire  on  the  Temple,  and  burned  all  those  which 

were  within. 

Tki  Mexican      From   Cholula   they   went   to    Mexico.     The   King 

cruelHesare     Motensuma  sent  to  meet  them  a  thousand  of  presents, 

^^^\ki^hr^  and  Lords,  and  people,  making  joy  and  mirth  by  the 

hire  owittid,     ^*y • 

After  great  and  abhominable  tyrannies  committed  in 

the  Citie  of  Mexico,  and  in  other  Cities,  and  the  Countrcy, 

ten,  fifteene,  and  twenty  leagues  compasse  of  Mexico: 

this  tyrannie  and  pestilence  sdvanced  it  selfe  forward,  to 

waste  also,  infect,  and  lay  desolate  the  Province  of  Panuco. 

It  was  a  thing  to  be  wondred  at  of  the  world,  of  people 

that  there  were,  and  the  spoyles  and  slaughters  there  done. 

Afterward  they  wasted  also  after  the  selfe  manner,  all  the 

Province  of  Tuttepeke,  and  the  Province  of  Ipelingo, 

and  the  Province  of  Columa :    each  Province  contaymng 

more  ground  then  the  Realme  of  Leon  and  Castile. 

This  Captaine  tyrant,  with  this  gorgeous  and  pretended 
title,  dispatched  two  other  Captaines,  as  very  tyrants  and 
farre  more  crueU,  and  lesse  pitimll  then  himselfe,  into  great 
Realmes  most  floiirishing,  and  most  fertile,  and  fuU  of 
people,  to  wit,  the  Realme  of  Guatimala,  which  lieth  to 
the  Seaward  on  the  South  side,  and  the  same  of  Naco,  and 
Honduras,  otherwise  called  Guaymiua,  which  coasteth  on 
the  Sea  on  the  North  side,  confronting  and  confining  the 
one  with  the  other,  three  hundred  leagues  distance  from 
Mexico.  He  sent  the  one  by  Land,  and  the  other  by 
Sea:  both  the  one  and  the  other  carried  with  them  a 
many  of  troopes  to  serve  on  horsebacke  and  a  foot. 

He  which  went  by  Sea,  committed  exceeding  pillings, 
cruelties,  and  disorders  amongst  the  people  on  the  Sea- 
coast. 

The  Provinces  and  Realmes  of  Naco  and  Honduras^ 
which  resembled  a  Paradise  of  pleasures :  and  were  more 
peopled,  frequented,  and  inhabited,  then  any  Countrey  in 
the  world:  now  of  late,  wee  comming  sdong  thereby, 
have  seene  them  so  dispeopled  and  destroyed,  that  who 
so  should  see  them,  his  heart  would  cleave  for  sorrow, 

112 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
ware  hee  never  so  flinty.     They  have  slaine  within  these 
eleven  yeeres,  more  then  two  millions  of  soules,  having  Two  mtUums 
not  left  in  more  then  an  hundred  leagues  of  the  Countrey  ^^'"^• 
square,  but  two  thousand  persons,  whom  they  slay  as  yet 
daily  in  the  said  ordinary  bondage. 

The  great  tyrant  and  Captaine,  which  went  to  Guatimala 
(as  hath  beene  said,  exceeded  all)  from  the  Provinces  neere 
to  Mexico,  ^according  as  himselfe  wrote  in  a  Letter  to 
the  principal!  Tyrant  which  had  sent  him)  distant  from 
the  Realme  of  Guatimala  foure  hundred  leagues  (keeping 
the  way  by  him  traced)  as  he  went,  slue,  robbed,  burned 
and  destroyed  all  the  Countrey,  wheresoever  he  became, 
under  the  shadow  of  title  above  mentioned,  saying :  that 
they  should  submit  themselves  unto  them,  in  the  name  [IV.  viii. 
of  the  King  of  Spaine,  who  was  unto  them  unknowne,  "579-] 

and  of  whom  they  had  never  heard  speake :    and  which  ^X^^ 
those  Nations  there  esteemed  more  unjust  and  more  cruell  agmnst  tkat 
then  they  his  men  were.     And  the  Tyrants  giving  them  Prince  to 
no  respite  of  time  to  deliberate,  they  fling  upon  the  poore  ^^^  ^ 
folke,  in  a  manner  as  soone  as  the  message  was  done,  V^^^ 
putting  all  to  fire  and  bloud.  ^^^  ^    '^ ' 

Of  the  Province  and  Realme  of  Guatimala. 

NO  sooner  arrived  hee  into  this  said  Realme :  but  that 
hee  beranne  with  great  slaughter  of  the  Inhabitants. 
This  notwithstanding  the  chiefe  Lord  came  to  receive  him, 
being  carried  in  a  Lighter,  with  Trumpets  and  Tabours, 
rejoydngs,  and  disports,  accompanied  with  a  great  number 
or  the  Lords  of  the  Citie  of  Ultlatan,  head  Citie  of  the 
whole  Realme,  doing  them  also  service  with  all  they  had, 
but  specially  in  giving  them  food  abundantly,  and  whatso- 
ever they  demanded  besides.  The  Spanish  lodged  this 
night  without  the  Citie,  forasmuch  as  the  same  seemed 
unto  them  strong,  and  there  might  be  thereby  danger. 

This  Captaine  called  to  him  the  next  morrow  the  chiefe 
Lord,  with  other  great  Lords,  who  being  come  as  meeke 
shccpe,  he  apprehended  them  all,  and  commanded  them 
xym  113  H 


A,D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

to  give  him  certaine  summes  of  gold.  They  answering 
that  they  had  none,  forasmuch  as  the  Countrie  yeelded 
none :  he  commandeth  incontinent  to  burne  them  alive, 
without  having  committed  any  crime  whatsoever,  and 
without  any  other  forme  of  Processe  or  sentence. 

As  the  Lords  of  all  these  Provinces  perceived,  that  they 
had  burned  their  soveraigne  Lords,  onely  because  they 
gave  them  no  Gold,  they  fled  all  to  the  Mountaines, 
commanding  their  Subjects  to  goc  to  the  Spaniards,  and 
to  serve  them  as  their  Lords,  but  that  they  should  not 
discover  them,  nor  give  them  intelligence  where  they  were. 
With  this,  loe  all  &t  people  of  the  Countrey,  presenting 
them,  and  protesting  to  be  theirs,  and  to  serve  them  as 
their  Lords :  The  Captaine  made  answere  that  he  would 
not  accept  of  them,  but  that  he  woiild  kill  them  if  they 
told  not  where  were  their  Lords.  The  Indians  answered, 
they  could  not  teU  ought:  but  as  touching  themselves 
they  were  content,  that  they  should  employ  mem  to  their 
service,  with  their  wives  and  children:  and  that  thev 
should  use  their  houses,  and  that  there  they  might  kill, 
or  doe  whatsoever  them  pleased. 

It  is  a  wonderfoll  thing,  that  the  Spaniards  went  to  their 
Villages  and  Burrowes,  and  finding  there  these  silly  people 
at  their  worke,  with  their  wives  and  children,  neither 
misdoubting  any  thing,  they  pierced  them  with  their 
Boare-speares,  and  hackled  them  to  pieces.  They  came 
to  one  Burrow  great  and  mighty,  which  held  it  selfe  more 
assured  then  any  other,  because  of  their  innocency :  whom 
the  Spanish  laid  desolate  in  a  manner  all  whole,  in  the 
space  of  two  houres,  putting  to  the  edge  of  the  sword, 
children,  with  women,  and  aged  persons,  and  all  those 
which  could  not  escape  by  fleemg. 

The  Indians  advised  betweene  them  to  digge  certaine 
ditches  in  the  middest  of  the  wayes,  to  make  their  Horses 
tumble  into,  and  piercing  their  bellies  with  Pikes  sharpned 
and  brent  at  one  end,  there  bestowed  of  purpose,  and 
covered  over  so  orderly  with  greene  turfe,  that  it  seemed 
there  was  no  such  matter. 

114 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

There  fell  in  Horses  once  or  twice :  for  the  Spaniards 
afterwards  could  beware  of  them.  But  now  to  avenge 
them,  they  made  a  Law,  that  as  many  Indians  as  might 
bee  taken  alive,  should  be  flung  into  the  same  pits.  Here- 
upon they  cast  in  women  with  child,  and  women  new 
delivered  of  child-birth,  and  old  folke  as  many  as  they 
could  come  by,  untill  that  the  ditches  were  filled  up.  It 
was  a  lamentable  thing  to  behold  the  women  with  their 
children  stabbed  with  these  pickes.  All  besides,  they  slue 
with  thrust  of  Speares,  and  edge  of  Sword.  They  cast 
of  them  also  to  flesh  fraunching  Dogs,  which  tare  them 
and  devoured  them.  They  brent  a  Lord  at  a  great  fire 
of  quicke  flames:  saying,  they  would  herein  doe  him 
honour.  And  they  persisted  in  these  butcheries  so 
unnaturall,  about  seven  yeeres,  firom  the  yeere  24.  untiU 
the  yeere  31. 

The   Indians  which  escaped,   with   all   other   of   the 
Countrie  seeing  all  the  mischiefes  of  the  Spanish,  began 
to  assemble,  and  put  themselves  in  Armes:    whereupon 
the  Spaniards  worke  great  discomfitures  and  slaughters, 
returning  to  Guatimak,  where  they  builded  a  Citie,  the 
which  God  of  a  Just  judgement  hath  reversed  with  three  GuoHmia 
overwhelmings  falling  afi  three  together:    the  one  was  destnjedwith 
with  water,  the  other  with  earth,  and  the  third  with  stones,  ^^'^-f**^'- 
of  the  bignesse  of  ten  or  twentie  Oxen.     By  such  like 
meanes  all  the  Lords,  and  the  men  that  were  able  to  beare 
Armes  being  slaine :    those  which  remayned,  were  reduced 
into    the    Diabolicall    servitude    aforesaid,    being   made 
tributary  slaves  or  villaines  regardant,  but  giving  for  their 
tribute  sonnes  and  daughters,  for  they  will  have  none 
other  kinde  of  bond-men.     And  so  the  Spaniards  sending 
whole  ships  laden  with  them  to  Peru,  to  sell  them,  with 
their  other  slaughters,  have  destroyed  and  laid  desart  an 
whole  Realme,  of  an  hundred  leagues  square,  or  above, 
a  Countrie  the  most  blessefull,  and  peopled  the  most  that 
might  be  in  the  world.     For  the  Tyrant  himselfe  wrote 
hereof,  that  it  was  more  peopled  then  Mexico :   and  herein 
he  said  the  truth.     He  hath  done  to  death,  with  his  con- 
ns 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 
Foure  or  five    sorts  and  confreres,  more  then  fotire  or  five  millions  of 
mMoHsslaini.  soules  in  fifteene  or  sixteene  yeeres  space,  from  the  yeere 
[IV.  viii.^^     ^^    ^^^^  ^jj^  yetvt  40.  and  yet  at  this  houre  they  slay 
and  destroy  those  that  remayne. 

This  Tyrant  had  a  custome,  when  as  he  went  to  make 
warre  upon  any  Citie  or  Province :  to  carrie  thither  of 
the  Indians  already  imder-yoaked,  as  many  as  hee  could, 
to  make  warre  upon  the  other  Indians :  and  as  he  gave 
unto  a  ten  or  twentie  thousand  men  which  hee  led  along 
no  sustenance,  he  allowed  them  to  eate  the  Indians  which 
they  tooke :  And  so  by  this  meanes  hee  had  in  his  Campe 
Shambles  of  an  ordinary  shambles  of  mans  flesh,  where  in  his  presence 
mans  flesh.  jh^y  killed  and  rosted  children.  They  killed  men  onely 
to  have  off  from  them  their  hands  and  their  feetc,  which 
parts  they  held  to  be  the  daintiest  morsels. 

He  was  the  death  of  an  infinite  sort  of  the  Indians  in 
making  of  ships,  the  which  hee  transported  after  this  rate 
great  store  of  Artilerie,  which  hee  loded  upon  the  shoulders 
of  these  poore  folke  going  naked :  whereby  I  have  seene 
very  many  fall  downe  in  the  high  way,  by  reason  of  their 
great  burdens.  He  undid  whole  housholds,  by  taking 
&om  the  men  their  wives  and  daughters :  the  which  after- 
wards he  dispersed  in  gifts  to  his  Mariners  and  Souldiers 
to  please  them  withall,  who  led  them  along  with  them 
in  their  Navies.  Hee  stuffed  all  the  ships  with  Indians, 
where  they  died  for  thirst  and  hunger.  He  made  two 
Navies,  either  of  a  ^eat  number  of  ships,  with  the  which 
he  consumed  as  with  fire  and  lightnmg  flashing  from 
Heaven  all  those  peoples. 

Of  new  Spaine,  and  Panuco,  and  Xalisco. 

AFter  the  exceeding  cruelties  and  slaughters  aforesaid, 
and  the  others  which  I  have  omitted,  which  have 
beene  executed  in  the  Provinces  of  New  Spaine  and 
Panuco:  there  came  to  Panuco  another  Tyrant,  cruell 
and  unbrideled,  in  the  yeere  1525.  Who  in  committing 
very  many  cruelties,  and  in  branding  many  for  slaves, 

116 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542- 
after  the  manner  aforesaid,  which  were  all  free,  and  in 
sending  very  many  ships  laden  to  Cuba,  and  Hispaniola, 
where  they  might  best  make  merchandise  of  them,  he 
atchieved  the  desolation  of  this  Province. 

And  it  hath  come  to  passe  in  his  time,  that  there  hath 
beene  given  for  one  Mare,  eight  hundred  Indians  soules  8cx>.  Indians 
partakers  of  reason.  And  this  man  from  this  roome  was  ^^-^  ^ 
promoted  to  be  President  of  Mexico,  and  of  all  the  Pro-  ^^' 
vince  of  New  Spaine,  and  there  were  promoted  with  him 
other  Tyrants,  to  the  oflBces  of  Auditorships :  in  the  which 
dignities  they  set  forward  also  this  Countrie  into  so 
extreme  a  desolation,  that  if  God  had  not  kept  them  by 
meanes  of  the  resistance  of  the  religious  men  of  Saint 
Francis  Order,  and  if  that  there  had  not  beene  provided 
with  all  speed  a  Court  of  Audience,  and  the  Kings 
Counsell  in  those  parts  friend  to  all  vertue,  they  had  layd 
waste  all  New  Spaine,  as  they  have  done  the  He  of 
Hispaniola.  There  was  a  man,  amongst  those  of  the 
companie  of  this  Captaine,  who  to  the  end  to  enclose  a 
Garden  of  his,  with  a  wall:  kept  in  his  workes  eight 
thousand  Indians,  without  paying  them  ought,  nor  pivmg 
them  to  eate,  in  manner  that  they  died,  falling  downe 
suddenly,  and  hee  never  tooke  the  more  thought  for  the 
matter. 

After  that  the  chiefe  Captaine  which  I  spake  of,  had 
finished  the  laying  waste  of^  Panuco,  and  that  hee  under- 
stood the  newes  of  the  comming  of  the  Kings  Court  of 
Audience :  hee  advised  with  himselfe  to  proceed  farther 
into  the  innermost  parts  of  the  Realme,  to  search  where 
hee  might  tyrannize  at  his  ease,  and  drew  by  force  out  of 
the  Province  of  Mexico,  fifteene  or  twentie  tibousand  men, 
to  the  end,  that  they  should  carrie  the  loades  and  carriages 
of  the  Spaniards,  which  went  with  him,  of  whom  there 
never  returned  againe  two  hundred,  the  others  being  dead 
on  the  high-wayes. 

He  came  at  the  Province  of  Mechuacham,  which  is 
distant  from  Mexico  fortie  leagues,  a  Region  as  blissefull 
and  full  of  Inhabitants,  as  is  that  of  Mexico.     The  King 

117 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

and  Lord  of  the  Countrey  went  to  receive  him  with  an 
infinite  companie  of  people,  which  did  unto  them  a 
thousand  services  and  curtesies.  He  apprehended  him 
by  and  by,  for  that  he  had  the  bruit  to  be  very  rich  of 
Gold  and  silver :  and  to  the  end,  that  he  should  give  him 
great  treasures,  he  beganne  to  give  him  the  torments,  and 
put  him  in  a  paire  of  stockes  by  the  feet,  his  body  stretched 
out,  and  his  hands  bound  to  a  stake,  he  maketh  a  flashing 
fire  against  his  feet,  and  there  a  boy  with  a  basting  sprinkle 
soked  in  Oyle  in  his  hand,  stood  and  basted  them  a  little 
and  a  little,  to  the  end  to  well  rost  the  skinne.  There 
was  in  one  side  of  him  a  cruell  man,  the  which  with  a 
Cros-bow  bent,  aymed  right  at  his  heart,  on  the  other 
side  another  which  held  a  Do^  snarling,  and  leaping  up 
as  to  runne  upon  him,  which  m  lesse  then  the  time  of  a 
Credo,  had  beene  able  to  have  torne  him  in  pieces :  and 
thus  they  tormented  him,  to  the  end  hee  should  discover 
the  treasures  which  they  desired,  untill  such  time  as  a 
religious  man  of  Saint  Francis  Order  tooke  him  away 
fi-om  them,  notwithstanding  that  hee  died  of  the  same 
torments.  They  tormented  and  slue  of  this  fashion  very 
many  of  the  Lords  and  Cacikes  in  these  Provinces :  to 
the  end  that  they  should  give  them  Gold  and  Silver. 

At  the  same  time  a  certainc  tyrant  foimd,  that  certaine 
Indians  had  hid  their  Idols,  as  those  which  had  never 
beene  better  instructed  by  the  Spaniards  of  any  better 
God,  hee  apprehended  and  detayned  prisoners  the  Lords, 
imtill  such  time  as  that  they  would  give  them  their  Idols, 

[IV.  viii.  supposing  all  this  while  they  had  beene  of  Gold  or  of 
1 581.]  Silver:  howbeit  they  were  not  so,  wherefore  he  chastised 
them  crueUy  and  imjustly.  But  to  the  end  he  would  not 
remayne  frustrate  of  his  intent,  which  was  to  spoyle,  he 
constrayned  the  Cacikes  to  redeeme  their  said  Idols,  and 
they  redeemed  them  for  such  Gold  and  Silver  as  they 
coidd  finde,  to  the  end,  to  worship  them  for  Gods,  as 
they  had  beene  wont  to  doe  aforetime. 

This  great  Captaine  passed  farther  from  Mechuacham 

Xalisco.  to  the  Province  of  Xalisco,  the  which  was  all  whole  most 

118 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

fall  of  people,  and  most  happie.  For  it  is  one  of  the 
most  fertilest  and  most  admirable  Coimtrie  of  the  Indies, 
which  had  Burrowes  containing  in  a  manner  seven  leagues. 
As  he  entred  this  Countrey,  the  Lord  with  the  Inhabi- 
tants, according  as  all  the  Indians  are  accustomed  to  doe, 
went  to  receive  him  with  presents  and  joyfulnesse.  Hee 
began  to  conmiit  his  cruelties  and  mischievousnesse,  which 
hee  had  learned,  and  all  the  rest  had  beene  accustomed 
to  practise,  which  is  to  heape  up  Gold,  which  is  their  God. 
Hee  burned  Townes,  hee  tooke  the  Cadkes  prisoners, 
and  gave  them  torments.  Hee  made  slaves  all  that  hee 
tooke.  Whereof  there  died  an  infinite  number  tyed  in 
chaines.  The  women  new  delivered  of  child-birth,  going 
laden  with  the  stufFe  of  eviU  Christians,  and  being  not 
able  to  beare  their  owne  children  because  of  traveU  and 
hunger,  were  faine  to  cast  them  firom  them  in  the  wayes, 
whereof  there  died  an  infinite. 

An  evill  Christian  taking  by  force  a  young  Damsell  to 
abuse  her,  the  mother  withstood  him :  and  as  shee  would 
have  taken  her  away,  the  Spaniard  drawing  his  Dagger 
or  Rapier,  cut  off  her  hand,  and  slue  the  voung  girle  with 
slashes  of  his  weapon :  because  shee  would  not  consent  to 
his  appetite. 

Amongst  many  other  things,  he  caused  unjustly  to  be 
marked  for  slaves,  foure  thousand  and  five  hundred  soides 
as  free  as  they,  men,  women,  and  sucking  babes,  from 
of  a  yeere  and  a  halfe  old,  unto  three  or  foure  yeeres  old : 
which  notwithstanding  had  gone  before  them  in  peace, 
to  receive  them  with  an  infinite  number  of  other  things 
that  have  not  beene  set  downe  in  writing. 

His  Stewards  slue  very  many  of  the  Indians,  hanging 
them  and  burning  them  alive,  and  casting  some  unto  the 
Dogs,  cutting  ott  their  feet,  hands,  head  and  tongue,  they 
being  in  peace,  onely  to  bring  them  into  a  feare,  to  the 
end  they  should  serve  him. 

It  is  said  of  him,  that  he  hath  destroyed  and  burned 
in  this  Realme  of  Xalisco,  eight  hundred  Burrowes,  which  800.  Townes 
was  the  cause  that  the  Indians  being  fallen  desperate,  and  destroyed. 

119 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

seeing  those  which  remayned,  how  they  perished  thus 
cruelly :  they  lift  up  themselves,  and  went  into  the  Moun- 
taines,  slaying  certaine  Spaniards :  howbeit  by  good  right. 
And  afterwards  because  of  the  wickednesses  and  outrages 
of  other  tyrants  now  being,  which  passed  by  that  way  to 
destroy  other  Provinces  (that  which  they  call  discovering) 
many  of  the  Indians  assembled,  fortifying  themselves 
upon  certaine  Rockes.  Upon  the  which  Rockes  the 
.  Spanish  have  made,  and  yet  at  this  present,  and  afresh 
doe  make  so  many  cruelties,  that  they  almost  made  an 
end  of  laying  desolate  all  this  great  Countrey,  slaying  an 
infinite  number  of  people. 

Of  the  Realme  of  Yucatan. 

THe  yeare  one  thousand  five  hundred  twenty  and  six, 
was  deputed  over  the  Realme  of  Yucatan  another 
caitifFe  Governour,  and  that  through  the  lies  and  false 
reports  which  himselfe  had  made  unto  the  King :  in  like 
manner  as  the  other  tyrants  untill  this  present,  to  the  end 
there  might  be  committed  unto  them  oflSces  and  charges, 
by  meanes  whereof  they  might  rob  at  their  pleasures. 
This  Realme  of  Yucatan  was  full  of  inhabitants;  for 
that  it  was  a  Countrie  in  every  respect  wholesome,  and 
abounding  in  plentie  of  victuals,  and  of  fruites  more  then 
Mexico;  and  singularly  exceeded  for  the  abundance  of 
Honie  and  Waxe  there  to  be  found,  more  then  in  any 
quarter  of  the  Indies,  which  hath  beene  seene  unto  this 
present.  It  containeth  about  three  hundred  leagues  com- 
passe.  The  people  of  that  Countrie  were  the  most 
notable  of  all  the  Indies,  as  well  in  consideration  of  their 

{)olicie  and  prudencie,  as  for  the  uprightnesse  of  their 
ife,  verily  worthy  the  training  of  the  knowledge  of  God  : 
amongst  whom  there  might  have  beene  budded  great 
Cities  by  the  Spanish,  in  which  they  might  have  Bved 
as  in  an  earthly  Paradise,  if  so  be  they  had  not  made 
themselves  unworthy,  because  of  their  exceeding  covetous- 
nesse,  hard  hartednesse,  and  heinous  offences:    as  also 

120 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

unworthy  they  were  of  other  moe  blessings  a  great  many, 

which  God  had  set  open  in  these  Indies.     This  tyrant 

began  with  three  hundred  men  to  make  warre  upon  these 

poore  innocent  people,  which  were  in  their  houses  without 

hurting  any  body :    where  he  slew  and  ransacked  infinite 

numbers.     And  for  because  the  Countrey  yeeldeth  no 

Gold,  for  if  it  had  yeelded  any,  he  would  have  consumed 

those  same   Indians,  in  making   them  to  toyle  in  the 

Mines;   to  the  end  he  might  make  Gold  of  the  bodies 

and  soules  of  those  for  whom  Jesus  Christ  suffered  death, 

he  generally  made  slaves  of  all  those  whom  he  slew  not, 

and  returned  the  Ships  that  were  come  thither,  upon  the 

blowing  abroad  and  noyse  of  the  selling  of  slaves,  full 

of  people  bartered  for  Wine,  Oyle,  Vmegar,  powdred 

Bacons  flesh.  Garments,  Horses,  and  that  that  every  man 

had  neede  of,  according  to  the  Captains  estimate  and 

judgement.     He  would  let  choose  amongst  an  hundred 

or  fiftie  yong  Damosels,  bartering  some  one  of  the  fairest, 

and  of  the  best  complexion,  for  a  Caske  of  Wine,  Oyle,  [iv.  viii. 

Vinegar,  or  for  Porke  powdred.     And  in  like  manner  he  "S^^-] 

would  let  choose  out  a  young  hansome  Stripling  amongst 

two  or  three  hundred  for  the  foresaid  Merchandize.     And 

it  hath  beene  seene,  that  a  youth  seeming  to  bee  the 

Sonne  of  some  Prince,  hath  beene  bartered  for  a  Cheese, 

and  a  hundred  persons  for  an  Horse.     Hee  continued  in 

these  doings  fi-om  the  yeere  twentie  sixe,  untiU  the  yeere 

thirtie  three. 

As  these  Spaniards,  went  with  their  mad  Dogges  a 
foraging  by  the  tracke,  and  hunting  out  the  Indian  men 
and  women :  An  Indian  woman  being  sicke,  and  seeing 
she  could  not  escape  their  Dogges,  that  they  should  not 
rent  her  as  they  did  others :  shee  tooke  a  coard  and  hanged 
her  selfe  at  a  beame,  having  fastened  at  her  foot  a  child 
she  had  of  a  yeere  old,  and  she  had  no  sooner  done: 
behold  these  Curres,  which  come  and  dispatch  this  infant, 
howbeit  that  before  it  died,  a  Religious  man  a  Frier 
baptized  it. 

When   the  Spanish  parted  out  of  this  Realme,  one 

121 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

^542. 

amongst  others  said,  to  a  Sonne  of  a  Lord  of  some  Citie 

or  Province,  that  he  should  goe  with  him:     the  Boy 

answered,  and  said,  he  woiild  not  forsake  his  Countrie. 

The  Spaniard  replied :    Goe  with  me,  or  else  I  will  cut 

off  thine  eares.     The  young  Indian  persisted  in  his  first 

saying,  that  he  would  not  forsake  his  Countrie.    The 

Spaniard  drawing  out  his  Dagger,  cut  off  first  one,  and 

then  his  other  eare.     The  joung  man  abiding  by  it  still 

that  he  wovdd  not  leave  his  Countrie:    he  mangled  off 

also  his  Nose,  with  the  uppermost  of  his  lips:    making 

no  more  scrupulositie  of  the  matter,  then  if  he  had  given 

him  but  a  phdip.     This  damnable  wretch  magnified  him- 

selfe,  and  vaunted  him  of  his  doings  villanously  unto  a 

reverend  Religious  person,  saying:     that  hee  tooke  as 

much  paines  as  hee  could,  to  beget  the  Indian  women 

in  great  numbers  with  child,  to  the  end,  he  might  receive 

the  more  money  for  them  in  seUing  them  great  with 

childe  for  slaves. 

In  this  Realme,  or  in  one  of  the  Provinces  of  New 

Spaine,  a  certaine  Spaniard  went  one  day  with  his  Dogges 

on  hunting  of  Venison,  or  else  Conies,  and  not  finding 

fame,  hee  minded  his  Dogges  that  they  shovdd  bee 
ungrie,  and  tooke  a  little  sweet  Babie  which  hee 
bereaved  the  mother  of,  and  cutting  off  firom  him  the 
armes  and  the  legges,  chopped  them  in  small  gobbets, 
giving  to  every  Dogge  his  Liverie  or  part  thereof,  by 
and  by  after  these  morsels  thus  dispatched,  he  cast  also 
the  rest  of  the  bodie  or  the  carkasse  to  all  the  kenell 
together. 

Being  now  departed  the  Realme  all  the  Devillish 
Tyrants,  blinded  with  the  covetousnesse  of  the  riches  of 
Peru,  that  reverend  Father,  Frier  James,  with  foure  other 
Religious  of  Saint  Francis,  was  moved  in  spirit  to  goe 
into  this  Realme  to  pacifie  them,  and  for  to  preach  to  them, 
and  to  winne  unto  Jesus  Christ  those  which  might  bee 
remayning  of  the  Butcheries  and  Tyrannous  Murders, 
which  the  Spanish  had  beene  perpetrating  seven  continuall 
yeeres.     And    I    belecve    that    these    same   were    those 

122 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS  ad 

1542. 

Religious  persons,  the  which  in  the  yeere  thirtic  foure, 
certaine  Indians  of  the  Province  of  Mexico,  sending  before 
them  Messengers  in  their  behalfe,  requested  them  that 
they  would  come  into  their  Countrie,  to  give  them  know- 
ledge of  that  one  only  God,  who  is  God,  and  very  Lord 
of  all  the  world:  according  in  the  end  to  admit  them 
with  condition,  that  they  shoiild  enter  themselves  alone, 
and  not  the  Spaniards  with  them,  that  which  the  Religious 
promised  them.  For  it  was  permitted  them,  yea  com- 
manded them  so  to  doe,  by  the  Vice-roy  of  New  Spaine, 
and  that  there  should  bee  no  kind  of  displeasure  bee  done 
unto  them  by  the  Spaniards.  The  Religious  men  preached 
unto  them  the  GospeU  of  Christ,  as  they  are  accustomed 
to  doe,  and  as  had  beene  the  holy  intention  of  the  Kings 
of  Castile,  that  should  have  beene  done.  Howbeit,  that 
the  Spaniards  in  aU  the  seven  yeeres  space  past,  had  never 
given  them  any  such  notice  of  the  truth  of  the  GospeU, 
or  so  much  as  that  there  was  any  other  King  saving 
himselfe,  that  so  tyrannized  over  them,  and  destroyed 
them.  By  these  meanes  of  the  Religious,  after  the  end 
of  fortie  dayes  that  they  had  preached  unto  them,  the 
Lords  of  the  Countrie  brought  unto  them,  and  put  into 
their  hands  their  Idols,  to  the  end  that  they  should  burne 
them.  After  also  they  brought  unto  them  their  young 
children,  that  they  should  catechise  them,  whom  they  love 
as  the  Apple  of  their  eye.  They  made  for  them  also 
Churches,  and  Temples,  and  houses.  Moreover,  some 
other  Provinces  sent,  and  invited  them,  to  the  end  that 
they  might  come  to  them  also,  to  preach,  and  give  them 
the  understanding  of  God,  and  of  him  whom  they  said 
to  bee  the  great  King  of  Castile.  And  being  perswaded 
and  induced  by  the  Religious,  and  did  a  thing  which  never 
ytt  before  hath  beene  done  in  the  Indies.  Twelve  or 
fifteene  Lords,  which  had  very  many  subjects  and  great 
dominion,  assembling  every  one  for  his  owne  part  his 
people,  and  taking  their  advise  and  consent,  of  their  owne 
voluntarie  motion,  yeelded  themselves  to  the  subjection^ 
and  to  be  under  the  domination  of  the  Kings  of  Castile : 

"3 


A-D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

admitting  the  Emperour  as  King  of  Spaine,  for  their 
Liege  Sovereigne.  Whereof  also  they  made  certaine 
Instruments,  by  them  consigned,  which  I  keepe  in  my 
charge,  together  with  the  Testimonies  thereunto  of  the 
said  Keligious. 

The  Indians  being  thus  onward  in  the  way  of  the  faith, 
with  the  great  joy,  and  good  hope  of  the  Religious 
Brethren,  that  they  should  be  able  to  winne  unto  Jesus 
Christ  all  the  people  of  the  Realme  that  were  the  residue, 
being  but  a  small  number  of  the  slaughters,  and  wicked 
wars  passed :  There  entred  at  a  certaine  Coast,  eighteene 
Spaniards  Tjrrants  on  horsebacke,  and  twelve  on  foot, 
driving  with  them  great  loades  of  Idols,  which  they  had 
[IV.  viii.  taken  in  the  other  Provinces  of  the  Indians.  The 
*S83-]  Captaine  of  those  thirtie  Spaniards  called  unto  him  a  Lord 
of  the  Countrie  therabouts  as  they  were  entred,  and  com- 
mandeth  him  to  take  those  Idols,  and  to  disperse  them 
throughout  all  his  Countrie,  selling  every  Idoll  for  an 
Indian  man,  or  an  Indian  woman,  to  make  slaves  of  them, 
with  threatning  them,  that  if  he  did  not  doe  it,  he  would 
bid  them  battaile.  That  said  Lord  being  forced  by  feare, 
distributed  those  Idols  throughout  all  the  Countrie,  and 
commanded  all  his  subjects,  that  they  should  take  them 
to  adore  them,  and  that  they  should  returne  in  exchange 
of  that  ware  Indies  and  Indisses  to  make  slaves  of.  The 
Indians  beeing  afFraid,  those  which  had  two  children,  gave 
him  one,  and  hee  that  had  three  gave  him  two.  This 
was  the  end  of  this  Sacrilegious  Trafficke :  and  thus  was 
this  Lord  or  Cacique,  faine  to  content  these  Spaniards :  I 
say  not  Christians. 

One  of  these  abominable  Chafferers,  named  John 
Garcia,  being  sicke,  and  neere  his  death,  had  under  his 
bed  to  packs  of  Idols,  and  commanded  his  Indish  Maid 
that  served  him,  to  looke  to  it  that  she  made  not  away 
his  Idols,  that  there  were  for  Murlimeus,  for  they 
were  good  stuffe:  and  that  making  vent  of  them, 
shee  should  not  take  lesse  then  a  slave  a  piece  for  one 
of    them    with    another:    and    in    fine,    with    this    his 

124 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS   CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

Testament    and    last    Will    thus    devised,    the    Catiffe 
died. 

The  Indians  perceiving  that,  that  which  the  Religious 
had  promised  them,  was  as  good  as  nothing :  namely,  that 
the  Spaniards  should  not  enter  those  Provinces:  and 
seeing  the  Spaniards  which  had  laded  thither  Idols  from 
other  places,  there  to  make  vent  of  them,  they  having 
put  all  their  Idols  afore  into  the  hands  of  the  Friars,  to 
the  end  they  should  bee  burned,  and  to  the  end  the  true 
God  should  be  by  them  adored,  all  the  Country  was  in  a 
mutinie,  and  a  rage  against  the  Religious  Friars,  and  the 
Indians  comming  unto  them,  say :  Why  have  you  lied 
unto  us,  in  promising  us  by  deceits  that  there  should  not 
enter  any  Spaniards  into  these  Countries  ?  And  why  have 
you  burnt  our  gods,  seeing  the  Spaniards  doe  bring  us 
other  Gods  from  other  Nations?  Were  not  our  Gods 
as  good  as  the  Gods  of  other  Provinces?  The  Friars 
pacified  them  in  the  best  manner  that  they  could,  not 
knowing  what  to  answere  them :  and  went  to  seeke  out 
those  thirty  Spaniards,  to  whom  they  declared  the  evill 
which  they  had  done,  praying  them  to  get  them  thence : 
which  the  Spaniards  would  not  doe,  but  said  to  the 
Indians,  that  those  Religious  men  had  caused  them  to 
come  thither  themselves  of  their  owne  accord,  which  was 
rightly  an  extreme  maliciousnesse.  In  the  end  the  Indians 
deliberated  to  kill  the  Religious  men  :  By  occasion  whereof, 
the  Friers  fled  away  in  a  night,  having  advertisement  of 
the  case  by  some  of  the  IncSans. 

Of  the  Province  of  Saint  Martha. 

THe  Province  of  Saint  Martha,  was  a  Countrie  where 
the  Spaniards  g^athered  Gold  in  all  plentie :  the  Land 
being  with  the  Regions  adjacent  very  rich,  and  the  people 
industrious  to  draw  out  the  Gold.  Wherefore  also  infinite 
Tyrants  have  made  thither  continually  with  their  ships, 
over-running,  and  ranging  along  the  Country,  killing  and 
spoyling  those  the  Inhabitants,  and  ramping  from  them 

"5 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

that  gold  that  they  had,  with  speedie  retume  ever  to  their 
ships,  which  went  and  came  oftentimes.  And  so  wrought 
they  in  those  Provinces  great  wasts  and  slaughters,  and 
cruelties  horrible,  and  that  most  commonly  on  the  Sea- 
coast,  and  certaine  leagues  within  the  Country.  At  what 
time  there  went  Spanish  Tyrants  to  inhabite  there.  And 
for  as  much  as  the  Coimtry  was  exceeding  rich  as  hath 
beene  said,  there  ever  succeeded  Captaines  one  in  anothers 
roome,  every  one  more  cruell  then  other:  in  such  sort 
that  it  seemed  that  every  one  inforced  himselfe,  for  the 
masterie  in  doing  of  evils.  The  yeere  1529.  there  went  a 
great  Tyrant,  very  resolute,  with  great  troupes :  but  with- 
out any  feare  of  God,  or  compassion  of  the  nature  oT  man, 
who  wrought  such  wastes  and  slaughters  so  great,  that  he 
exceeded  all  others  that  had  gone  before  him,  himselfe 
robbing  for  the  space  of  sixe  or  seven  yeeres  that  he  lived, 
great  Treasures :  after  being  deceassed  without  confession, 
and  fled  from  the  place  of  nis  residence :  there  succeeded 
him  other  murdering  Tyrants  and  Theeves,  which  made 
an  end  of  the  rest  of  the  people:  that  from  the  yeere 
1529.  unto  this  day,  they  have  reduced  into  a  Wildernesse 
in  those  same  quarters  more  then  400.  leagues  of  Land, 
which  was  no  lesse  peopled  then  the  other  Countries  which 
we  have  spoken  of. 

Verily  if  I  had  to  make  a  bed-roll  of  the  Ungracious- 
nesses,  of  the   Slaughters,  of  the  Desolations,   of  the 
Iniquities,  of  the  Violencies,  of  the  Massacres,  and  other 
great  Insolencies  which  the  Spaniards  have  done,  and 
committed  in  those  Provinces  of  Saint  Martha,  against 
God,  the  King,  and  against  those  innocent  Nations:    I 
should  write  an  Historie  very  ample.     But  that  may  be 
done  if  God  spare  me  life,  hereafter  in  his  good  time : 
onely  I  will  set  downe  a  few  words  of  that  which  was 
written  in  a  Letter  by  a  Bishop  of  this  Province,  to  the 
BiskopofS.     King  our  Sovereigne:   and  the  Letter  beareth  date  the 
Marthas  Let'  twentieth  of  May,   1541.     The  which  Bishop  amongst 
T  %^^^^  ^^^  words  speaketh  thus :  I  say,  sacred  Majestie,  that 
tefijth.         ^^  ^^y  ^^  redresse  this  Countrie,  is  that  his  Majestie 

126 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS   CASAS  ad. 

1542. 
deliver  her  out  of  the  power  of  Stepfathers,  and  give  unto 
her  an  husband  which  may  intreate  her  as  is  reason,  and 
according  as  shee  deserveth :  otherwise,  I  am  sure  here- 
after as  the  Tyrants  which  now  have  the  government,  doe 
torment  and  tormoyle  her,  she  will  soone  take  an  end,  &c. 
And  a  little  below  he  saith :  Whereby,  your  Majestie  shall 
know  cleerely,  how  those  which  governe  in  those  quarters 
doe  deserve  to  be  dismounted,  and  deposed  from  their  [IV.  viii. 

fovernment,  to  the  end,  that  the  Common-weales  may  '584-] 

e  relieved.  That  if  that  be  not  done,  in  mine  advise, 
they  can  never  be  cured  of  their  diseases.  His  Majestie 
shall  imderstand  moreover,  that  in  those  Regions,  there 
are  not  any  Christians  but  Devils,  that  there  are  no 
Servants  of  God  and  the  King,  but  Traitors  to  the  state, 
and  their  King.  And  in  truth  the  greatest  incumbrance 
that  I  find  in  reducing  the  Indians,  that  are  in  warre,  and 
to  set  them  at  peace,  and  to  lead  those  which  are  at  peace 
to  the  knowledge  of  our  faith,  is  unnaturall  and  cruell 
entreatie,  which  they  that  are  in  peace  receive  of  the 
Spanish,  being  so  deeply  altered,  and  launced,  that  they 
have  nothing  in  more  hatred  and  horror,  then  the  name 
of  Christians,  the  which  in  all  these  Countries  they  call  in 
their  Language,  Yares,  that  is  to  say.  Devils.  For 
the  acts  whidi  they  committed  here,  are  neither  of 
Christians,  nor  of  men  which  have  the  use  of  reason: 
but  of  Devils. 

Whereof  it  commeth  to  passe,  that  the  Indies  which  doe 
see  these  behaviours  to  be  generally  so  farre  estranged 
from  all  humanitie,  and  without  any  mercie,  aswell  in  the 
heads  as  in  the  members :  they  esteeme,  that  the  Christians 
do  hold  these  things  for  a  Law,  and  that  their  God,  and 
their  King  are  the  Authors  thereof.  And  to  endevour 
to  perswade  them  otherwise,  were  to  endevour  in  vaine, 
and  to  minister  unto  them  the  more  ample  matter,  to 
deride  and  scome  Jesus  Christ  and  his  Law.  The  Indians 
that  are  in  war,  seeing  the  intreatie  used  toward  the 
Indians  that  are  in  peace :  would  choose  rather  to  die  once 
for  all,  then  to  endure  sundrie  deaths,  beeing  under  the 

127 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

command  of  the  Spanish.  I  know  this  by  experience, 
most  victorious  Caesar,  &c. 

He  calleth  the  Indians  in  warre,  those  which  saved  them- 
selves by  flying  into  the  Mountaines  from  the  slaughters 
of  the  mischievous  Spaniards.  And  hee  calleth  the 
Indians  in  peace,  those  which  after  having  lost  an  infinite 
of  their  people,  by  the  Massacres,  have  beene  thralled  into 
the  TyrannicaJl  and  horrible  servitude  aforesaid,  and 
whereof  in  the  end  they  have  beene  fined  out,  desolated, 
and  slaine,  as  appeareth  by  that  which  hath  beene  said  by 
the  Bishoppe,  which  notwithstanding  speaketh  but  little, 
in  comparison  of  that  which  they  have  suffered. 

The  Indians  in  that  Countrie  have  accustomed  to  say, 
if  when  they  are  travelled  and  driven  up  the  Mountaines 
loden,  they  happen  to  fall  downe,  and  to  faint  for  feeble- 
nesse,  and  for  paine:  for  at  that  time  they  lay  on  upon 
them  blowes  with  their  feet  and  with  their  staves,  and 
they  breake  their  teeth  with  the  pummels  of  their  Swords, 
to  make  them  rise,  and  march  on  without  taking  of  breath, 
with  these  words.  Out  upon  thee,  what  a  Villaine  art 
thou.?  they  (I  say)  the  Indians,  for  their  parts  are  wont 
to  say,  I  can  no  more :  kill  me  here  right.  I  doe  desire  to 
die  heere :  and  this  they  say  with  great  sighes,  and  being 
scarce  able  to  speake,  for  having  their  heart  drawne 
together,  declaring  a  great  anguish  and  dolour. 

Of  the  Province  of  Carthagene. 

THis  Province  of  Carthagene,  is  situate  under,  and  a 
fiftie  leagues  distant  from  the  same  of  Saint  Martha, 
towards  the  West,  confining  with  the  Province  of  Cev, 
unto  the  Gulph  of  Araba:  which  are  a  hundred  leagues 
all  along  the  Sea-side,  and  is  a  great  Countrie  within  Land 
towards  the  South.  Their  Provinces  since  the  yeere  1498. 
or  ninetie  nine,  untill  now  have  beene  evill  entreated, 
martyred,  massacred,  desolated  like  unto  that  of  Saint 
Martha. 

128 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS 

154*. 

Of  the  Coast  of  Pcarlcs,  and  of  Paria,  and  of  the 
lie  of  the  Trinitie. 

FRom  the  Coast  of  Paria,  unto  the  Gulfe  of  Venesuela, 
without  forth,  which  are  two  hundred  leagues:  the 
Spanish  have  wrought  great  and  strange  destructions, 
rioting  upon  that  people,  and  taking  abve  as  many  as 
they  could,  to  the  end  they  might  sell  them  for  slaves : 
and  oftentimes  making  them  prisoners  against  the  assur- 
ance and  the  promise  of  friendship  made  unto  them.  It 
cannot  bee  well  told,  nor  particularly  exprest,  the  sundrie 
kindes  and  greivous  vexations,  wrongs,  hurts,  and  spoiles, 
which  those  people,  indured  at  the  Spaniards  hands,  from 
the  yeerc  1510.  untiU  this  present*  I  will  onely  rehearse 
two  or  three  acts,  by  the  which  it  may  be  judged  of  the 
rest,  innumerable  and  excessive,  and  worthy  aU  torments 
and  fire. 

In  the  He  of  the  Trinitie,  which  is  farre  greater  and 
more  fertile  then  the  He  of  Sicile,  and  joyneth  with  the 
firme  Land  of  the  Coast  of  Paria,  and  where  the  people 
are  the  best  disposed,  and  most  endined  to  vertue  in 
their  kind,  of  all  the  Indians,  as  they  went,  there  a 
Captaine  Rover  in  the  yeere,  1510.  accompanied  with 
sixtie  or  seventie  other  pettie  Thceves  well  appointed: 
they  published  among  the  Indians  by  Proclamations,  and 
other  publike  Summons,  that  they  shovdd  come  and  dwell 
and  live  with  them  in  that  He.  The  Indians  received 
them  as  their  owne  bowels  and  babes:  and  as  well  the 
Lords  as  Subjects  served  them  with  exceeding  readinesse, 
bringing  them  to  eate  from  day  to  day,  as  much  as  might 
suffice  to,  feed,  as  many  moe  people.  For  this  is  the 
liberalitie  of  all  these  Indians  of  the  new  World,  to 
bestow  on  the  Spaniards  of  all  that  they  have  in  great 
abundance. 

The  Spanish  build  a  great  house  of  Timber  in  the 
which  the  Indians  should  dwell  altogether :  for  the  Spanish  [iv.  viii. 
would  have  it  so,  that  there  should  bee  one  only  house  ^S^S-] 

for  all,  and  no  more,  to  compasse  that,  which  they  had 
xviii  139  I 


1542. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

alreadie  premeditate  to  doe,  and  did  it.  When  they  kid 
the  Thatch  upon  the  binding  staves  or  sparres,  and  had 
ah-eadie  covered  to  the  height  of  two  mens  length,  to  the 
end  that  those  that  were  within  might  not  see  those  that 
were  without,  under  colour  to  hasten  forward  the  workc> 
that  it  might  be  the  sooner  dispached,  they  set  a  great 
nxmibcr  of  people  within,  the  Spaniards  deviding  them- 
selves, the  one  part  of  them  being  bestowed  without^ 
compassing  the  house  roimd  about  with  their  weapons,, 
because  of  those  that  might  get  forth,  the  other  part  of 
them  presse  into  the  house :  Thus  laying  hands  on  their 
Swords,  they  beganne  to  threaten  the  Indians  naked  as 
they  were,  to  kill  them  if  they  did  stirre,  and  then  bound 
them.  And  those  which  fled  they  hewed  them  in  pieces : 
Howbeit  some  of  the  Indians  which  fled,  both  of  the  hurt 
and  not  hurt,  with  others  that  had  not  come  within  the 
house,  tooke  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes  and  assembled 
themselves  in  another  house,  about  an  hundred  or  two 
hundred  persons:  And  as  they  kept  the  gate,  the 
Spaniards  set  fire  on  the  house,  and  burned  them 
alive.  After  with  their  purchase,  which  might  bee 
of  an  hundred  or  fourescore  persons  of  them  which 
they  had  boimd :  they  get  them  to  the  He  of  Saint  John, 
where  they  sold  the  one  moitie,  and  thence  to  the  He  of 
Hispaniok:  where  they  sold  the  other  moitie.  As  I 
reprehended  the  Giptaine  for  this  notable  Treason,  at  the 
same  time,  and  at  the  same  He  of  Saint  John,  he  made 
an  answerer  Sir,  quiet  your  selfe  for  that  matter.  So 
have  they  commanded  me  to  doe,  and  given  me  instruc- 
tion which  sent  me:  that  if  I  coidd  not  take  them  by 
warre,  I  should  take  them  under  countenance  and  colour 
of  peace.  And  in  truth  the  Captaine  told  mee  that  in 
all  his  life,  he  never  had  found  Father  nor  Mother,  but 
in  this  He  of  Trinitie,  in  respect  of  the  friendly  courtesies 
the  Indians  had  shewed  him. 

At  another  time,  the  Religious  Friars  of  Saint 
Dominickes  Order,  beeing  determined  to  goe  preach, 
they  received  them  as  Angels  comne  from  Heaven :    and 

130 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  aj). 

1542. 
heard  with  great  affection,  attention,  and  willingnesse 
such  words  as  the  Religious  at  that  time  were  able  to 
give  them  to  understand,  more  by  signes  then  otherwise, 
for  they  knew  not  the  tongue.  It  came  to  passe  that 
there  arrived  there  another  ship,  after  that  the  ship  in 
which  the  Religious  men  came  was  departed  thence,  and 
the  Spanish  in  this  Vessell,  keeping  their  Devillish 
custome,  by  suttletie  without  the  knowledge  of  the 
Religious,  carried  away  the  Lord  of  the  Countrie  called 
Alfonso:  were  it  that  Friars  had  given  him  this  name, 
or  else  others.  For  the  Indians  love  and  desire  to  beare 
the  name  of  the  Christians,  desiring  incontinent  that  it 
may  be  given  them  even  before  they  know  any  thing, 
that  they  may  be  baptized.  They  induced  fraudulently 
this  Don  Alfonso  to  come  aboord  their  ship  with  the  Ladie 
his  wife,  and  other  persons,  making  semblance  to  goe 
about  to  feast  them.  In  the  end  there  entred  seventeene 
persons,  together  with  the  Lord  and  his  Ladie :  the  Lord 
trusting  that  the  Religious  persons  being  entred  into  his 
Countrie,  would  keepe  the  Spaniards  from  doing  any 
wrong :  for  otherwise  hee  would  never  have  put  himselfe 
in  the  hands  of  the  Spanish.  The  Indians  therefore  thus 
being  in  the  ship,  the  traiterous  Spaniards  hoised  sailes, 
and  away  they  went  to  Hispaniola  with  them,  there  selling 
them  for  slaves.  All  the  Countrie  seeing  that  their  Lord 
and  Ladie  were  carried  away,  they  runne  to  the  Religious 
men,  purposing  to  kill  them.  The  poore  men  appeased 
the  Indians  in  the  best  manner  they  could,  saying  that 
they  would  write  to  them  at  Hispaniola  by  the  first  ship 
that  went,  and  would  take  such  care  and  order  in  the 
matter,  that  their  Sovereigne  should  bee  restored  them 
againe  with  those  that  were  in  his  company.  God  sent 
immediately  a  ship  thither,  and  they  wrote  to  the  Spanish 
Religious  men  that  were  in  the  He  of  Hispaniola.  They 
cry  out,  and  call  Heaven  and  Earth  witnesse  agafnst  them, 
both  first,  and  simdrie  times  after:  But  the  Judges  of 
the  audience,  would  never  give  them  audience  to  doe 
them  Justice,  for  because  themselves  had  part  in  the 

131 


A.15.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

15+2. 

bObtie  of  the  Indians,  which  the  Tfrants  had  so  against 

ail  right  and  reason  taken.      The  two  Religious  men^ 

which  had  promised  the  Indians  of  the  Countrie,  that 

their  Lord  Don  Alfonso,  with  others  should  come  home 

with  the  rest  within  foure  moneths,  seeing  that  they  came 

not  neither  in  foure  nor  eight  made  themselves  readie 

to  the  death,  and  to  give  their  life,  which  they  had  gaged 

before  they  came  out  of  Spaine,  if  neede  should  bee,  and 

Spdnish  Friers  in  that  Sort  the  Indians  tooke  vengeance  on  them  in  killing 

killed  fir         them  justly,  notwithstanding  that  they  were  innocent: 

ofhers  faults,    f^j.  because  that  they  thought,  that  the  Religious  men 

had  beene  the  occasion  of  this  Treason. 

Another  time,  by  reason  of  the  great  Tyrannies  and 
execrable  acts  of  the  cursed  ones,  bearing  the  name  of 
Christians,  the  Indians  slue  other  two  Religious  men  of 
Saint  Dominickes  Order,  and  one  of  Saint  Francis. 
Whereof  I  can  be  a  good  witnesse  for  that  I  escaped  at 
the  time  miraculously  from  the  same  death,  of  the  which 
it  should  be  a  hard  matter  to  intreat,  and  would  be  to 
amaze  men,  by  reason  of  the  grievousnesse  and  horrible- 
nesse  of  the  case.  Wherefore  I  will  not  lay  it  abroad 
(for  being  too  tedious)  untill  his  time,  and  at  the  day  of 
judgement  it  shall  bee  more  evident,  when  God  shall  take 
vengeance  of  the  Theeveries  so  horrible  and  so  abominable 
as  are  done  by  those  which  beare  the  name  of  Christians 
against  the  Indians. 

Another  time  in  those  Provinces  at  the  Cape  of  the 
Codera,  (as  they  call  it)  there  was  a  Towne,  the  Lord 
whereof  was  named  Higueroto  a  name  either  proper  to 
[IV.  viii.  the  person,  or  it  may  be  common  to  the  Lords  of  the 
1586.]  place.  This  Lord  was  so  bounteous,  and  his  people  so 
vertuous  and  serviceable,  that  as  many  Spaniards  as  came 
thither  by  ship,  they  found  there  good  entertainment, 
meate,  lodging,  all  cheering,  and  refreshing.  This  said 
Lord  had  also  delivered  many  from  death  of  those  which 
were  fled  thither  out  of  other  Provinces,  where  they  had 
rioted  and  tyrannized,  and  come  thither  sicke,  and  halfe 
dead  for  hunger,  whom  they  refreshed,  and  afterward  sent 

132 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS   CASAS 

them  away  safe,  to  the  He  of  Pearles,  where  there  were 
Spaniards,  and  might  have  slaine  them  if  he  hs^d  would> 
without  that  ever  any  should  have  knowne  it.  And 
shortly  to  say  the  Spanish  did  call  the  Subjects  of 
Higurroto,  the  House  and  Harboiur  of  every  body.  A 
CatifFe  Tyrant  advised  himselfe  to  out*rage  that  people 
also,  when  as  they  thought  themselves  sure  enough :  and 
getting  him  to  a  ship,  he  had  there  invited  a  great  number 
of  people  to  come  a  boord  her  as  they  were  accustomed 
to  doe,  and  to  trust  the  Spaniards.  A  great  number  of 
people  being  entred  into  her,  men,  women,  and  children, 
hee  hoysed  sailes,  and  went  to  the  He  of  Saint  John,  where 
he  sold  them  all  for  slaves.  I  came  at  the  same  instant 
to  the  He  of  Saint  John,  and  I  saw  the  Tyrant,  and  under- 
stood what  he  had  done.  He  had  destroyed  all  that 
Township :  whereby  he  did  great  harme  to  all  other  his 
fellow  Tyrants,  wonted  to  rob,  and  rove  all  along  those 
Coasts,  insomuch  as  they  had  in  abomination  this  act  so 
hideous,  being  bereft  thereby  of  their  Harbour,  and  house 
of  retire,  as  ordinary  and  familiar  unto  them  as  it  had  beene 
their  owne  home  and  house. 

They  have  singled  out  at  times  from  all  this  Coast,  the 
which  was  very  well  peopled  unto  the  Hes  of  Saint  John 
and  Hispaniola,  above  two  Millions  of  soules,  seised  upon 
by  their  purchases  in  theeving  and  robbing :  which  also 
every  one  of  them  they  have  slaine  not  long  after,  by 
thrusting  them  into  the  Minerals  and  other  tormoiles, 
besides  the  great  numbers  there  were  there  alreadie  before 
time,  as  we  have  abovesaid. 

It  is  a  tried  case,  that  they  never  convey  away  their 
shippings  of  Indians  so  robbed  and  purchased,  as  I  have 
said,  but  that  they  cast  the  third  part  into  the  Sea,  besides 
those  which  they  slajr,  when  they  will  sort  them  to  them- 
selves for  their  chaffer.  The  cause  is,  that  when  as  they 
will  by  all  meanes  attaine  to  the  end  which  they  have 
proposed  to  themselves :  they  have  need  of  a  great  number 
of  people,  for  to  draw  a  great  deale  of  money,  according 
to  the  quantitie  of  the  ^ves:    and  they  prepare  but  a 

133 


A.V. 

1542. 


Two  MilRons 

ofstolne 

Indians, 


Manner  of 
usagg  at  Sia, 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

very  small  deale  of  sustenance  and  water,  to  serve  but 
a  few  persons :  to  the  end  that  those  Tyrants  whom  they 
cal  Purveyours  of  the  ships  should  not  spend  them  much. 
And  there  is  but  even  scarce  enough,  save  to  serve  the 
Spaniards  turne  which  goe  a  roving  and  robbing :  and 
there  is  alwaies  wanting  for  the  poore  Indians.  Where- 
fore also  they  die  for  hunger  and  thirst :  and  then  there 
is  none  other  remedie  but  to  cast  them  over  the  boord 
into  the  Sea.  And  verily  a  man  among  them  did  tell 
me,  that  from  the  He  of  Lucayos,  where  had  beene 
wrought  great  slaughters  in  this  manner,  unto  the  Isle  of 
Hispaniok,  which  are  sixtie  or  seventie  leagues  there 
trended  a  ship  all  alongst,  without  that  it  had  either  Com- 
passe  or  Mariners  Card,  being  guided  onely  by  the  tracke 
of  dead  Indians  carkasses  floating  upon  the  Seas,  of  them 
Manner  of  which  had  bin  cast  in.  And  after  they  be  landed  in  the 
landing  and  He,  whither  they  bring  them  to  make  sale  of  them  it  is 
sharing,  ^^  makc  a  heart  to  yearne  of  whosoever,  have  he  never 
so  little  compassion,  to  behold  them  naked  and  famished, 
fall  downe  and  faint  for  hunger  and  thirst,  women,  and 
aged  men,  and  children. 

Afterwards  they  soone  after  separate  them,  as  it  were 
Lambes,  the  fathers  from  the  children,  and  the  wives 
from  the  husbands,  in  making  troupes  of  them  of  ten 
or  twentie  persons,  and  so  cast  lots  on  them,  to  the  end, 
those  Purveyours  should  take  their  share,  which  are  those 
who  doe  rigge  and  furnish  two  or  three  ships  for  the 
Navie  of  those  Tyrants,  seasing  upon  all  they  come  by, 
and  pulling  the  poore  men  out  of  their  owne  housen. 
And  looke  when  the  lot  falleth  upon  the  flocke  where 
there  were  among  them  any  old  or  sicke  person,  the  Tyrant 
to  whom  the  same  escheated  would  say :  The  Devill  take 
the  old  Graybeard,  why  doest  thou  give  him  mee,  to  the 
end  I  should  goe  bxu-ie  him?  And  this  sicke  Rascall, 
what  have  I  to  doe  that  hee  should  fall  out  to  my  lot : 
to  the  end,  I  should  be  his  Phisicion  to  cure  him.? 

The  tyrannie  which  the  Spanish  exercise  over  the 
Indians,  to  fish  for  Pearles,  is  one  of  the  cruellest  things 

1^34 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS 


A.D. 


that  is  in  the  World.  There  is  no  hell  in  this  life,  nor 
other  desperate  state  in  this  World,  that  may  be  compared 
unto  it:  although  that  the  Trade  of  Gold  finding,  be 
in  his  kind,  very  grievous,  and  very  miserable.  They  Manner  of 
let  them  into  the  &a,  three,  foure,  or  five  fathomc  forth  Pearle-fisking. 
downe  right  under  water,  from  the  morning  imtill  Sun-set, 
where  they  are  continually  flitting  without  stint,  to  plucke 
Oysters,  in  the  which  are  engendred  the  Pearles.  They 
surge  up  above  the  waters,  with  a  Net  full  of  Oysters 
to  take  breath:  where  standeth  readie  a  Spanish  Tor- 
mentor, in  a  little  Cocke  Boate,  or  a  Brigantine,  and  if 
the  poore  wretches  stay  never  so  little  while  to  rest 
themselves:  they  all  to  be  bufiFet  them  with  their  fists, 
and  draw  them  by  the  haire  into  the  water  to  returne  to 
their  fishing.  Their  sustenance  is  fish,  and  the  same  verv 
fish  which  containeth  the  Pearles,  and  the  bread  Ca9abi, 
or  some  Maiz,  which  are  the  kinds  of  bread  of  that 
Countrie :  the  one  of  very  slender  nourishment,  the  other 
is  not  easie  to  bee  made  into  bread,  of  the  which  also, 
they  never  give  them  their  belly  full.  The  beds  that 
they  lodge  them  in  a  nights,  is  to  set  them  by  the  heeles, 
their  bodies  recoyUng  on  the  cold  ground,  in  a  paire  of 
stockes  for  feare  of  running  away.  Sometimes  they  are  [IV.  viii. 
drowned  in  the  Sea,  and  at  their  fishing  and  travell  picking  ^S^?-] 

of  Pearles,  and  never  rise  up  againe  above  the  water: 
because  the  *  Bunches  and  whirlepooles  doe  kill  them  and  *Sharkes. 
cate  them. 

It  is  impossible,  that  men  should  be  able  to  live  any 
long  season  under  the  water  without  taking  breath,  the 
continuall  cold  piercing  them,  and  so  they  die  commonly, 
parbraking  of  bloud  at  the  mouth,  and  of  the  bloudy 
fluxe,  caused  by  the  cold.  Their  haires,  which  by  nature 
are  cole  blacke,  alter  and  become  after  a  branded  russet, 
like  to  the  haires  of  the  Sea-wolves.  The  Saltpeter 
breaketh  out  of  their  shoulders,  in  such  sort,  that  they 
seeme  to  bee  a  kinde  of  monsters  in  the  shape  of  men, 
or  else  some  other  kinde  of  men.  They  dispatched  in 
ridding  about  this  insupportable  travell,  or  rather  to  speake 

'35 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1 542- 

righdy,  this  devilish  torment,  all  the  Lucajran  Indians 
which  were  in  the  lies,  having  savoured  this  gaines,  and 
every  Indian  was  worth  unto  them  a  fiftie,  or  an  hundred 
CastiUans.  They  made  an  open  Mart  of  them,  notwith- 
standing it  were  inhibited  them,  by  the  Magistrate  other- 
wise xmrnercifuU :  for  the  Lucayens  were  good  swimmers* 
They  also,  about  these  things  have  slaine  a  number  of 
the  people  of  other  Provinces* 

Of  the  River  Yuia  pari. 

THere  runneth  through  the  Province  of  Paria,  a  River 
named  Yuia  Pari,  more  then  two  hundred  leagues 
within  land  from  the  head.  There  entred  the  same  River, 
an  unlucky  tyrant,  a  great  many  leagues  upward,  in  the 
yeere  1549.  with  foure  hundred  men,  or  more:  which 
there  wrought  great  slaughters,  burning  alive,  and  puttinr 
to  the  edffe  of  the  sword,  an  infinite  sort  of  Indians,  which 
were  in  their  lands  and  houses,  doing  hurt  to  no  creature, 
and  therefore  secure,  and  mistrusting  nothing. 

In  the  end  hee  died  an  evill  death,  and  his  Navie  was 
disparaged:  albeit  that  other  tyrants  there  were  which 
succeeded  him  in  his  mischievousnesses  and  tyrannies: 
and  yet  at  this  day  thither  they  eoe,  destrojring,  and  slay- 
ing, and  plunging  into  Hell  the  soules  for  whom  the 
Sonne  of  God  shed  his  bloud. 

Of  the  Rcalme  of  Vcncsuela. 

THe  yeere  1526.  the  King  our  Soveraigne,  being 
induced  by  sinister  informations  and  perswasions 
damageable  to  the  State,  as  the  Spaniards  have  alwaies 
pained  themselves  to  conceale  from  his  Majestie  the 
damages  and  dishonours  which  God  and  the  soules  of 
men,  and  his  State  doeth  receive  in  the  Indies:  granted 
and  committed  a  great  Realme,  greater  then  all  Spaine 
(Venesuela,  with  the  government  and  entire  jurisdiction) 
unto  certaine  Dutch  Merchants,  with  certaine  capitulations 
and  conventions  accorded  betweene  them. 

These  same  entring  the  Countrey  with  three  hundred 

136 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
men:  thef  found  the  people  very  amiable,  and  meeke 
as  Lambes,  as  they  are  all  in  those  parts  of  the  Indies, 
until!  the  Spanish  doe  outrage  them.  These  set  upon 
them  without  com^parison  a  great  deale  more  cruelly,  then 
any  of  the  other  tyrants,  of  the  which  wee  have  spoken 
before:  shewing  themselves  more  unxuturall  and  fierce, 
then  raging  Tigres,  or  Wolves,  or  ramping  Lions.  These 
have  layd  desokte  and  destroyed  more  then  foure  hundred 
leagues  of  most  fertile  land,  and  therein  of  Provinces 
exceeding  and  wonderful!,  faire  Valleyes  to  the  breadth 
of  forty  leafl[ues,  and  Bournes  very  fi;reat,  full  of  people 
and  of  Gold.     They  liave  slaine,  and  wholly  discomfited 

Eeat  and  divers  Nations,  so  farre  forth  as  to  abolish  the 
uiguafi^es  wonted  to  bee  spoken,  not  leaving  alive  that 
could  skill  of  them:    unlesse  some  one  or  other,  who 
had  hid  themselves  in  the  caves  and  bowels  of  the  earth, 
fleeing  the  dint  of  the  sword,  so  raging  and  plaguing. 
They  liave  slaine  destroyed,  and  sent  to  Hell  by  divers 
and  strange  manners  of  cruelties  and  ungodlinesses,  more 
(I  suppose)  then  foure  or  five  millions  of  soides:    and  Founorfive 
yet  at  tliis  present  they  ceasse  not  to  doe  the  same  by  mi&ons  slaine 
infinite  outrages,  spoyles  and  slaughters,  which  they  have  ^"  ^^^sueia, 
committed,  and  doe  commit  daily  unto  this  present. 

They  tooke  the  Lord  Soveraigne  of  all  the  Province, 
without  all  cause,  onely  to  bereave  him  of  his  Gold,  giving 
him  also  the  torture :  which  Lord  unbound  himselfe,  and 
escaped  from  them  into  the  Mountaines,  wherefore  also 
the  Subjects  rose,  and  were  in  a  mutinie,  hiding  themselves 
upon  the  Mountaines,  amonc^st  the  hedges  and  bushes. 
The  Spaniards  make  af^er  to  chase  them,  and  having  found 
them,  commit  cruell  massacres,  and  as  many  as  they  take 
alive,  they  sell  them  in  port  sale  for  slaves.  In  divers 
Provinces,  yea  in  all  where  they  became  before  that  they 
tooke  the  Soveraigne  Lord,  the  Indians  went  to  receive 
them  with  songs,  and  dances,  and  with  presents  of  Gold 
in  great  quantitie.  The  payment  made  them,  was,  to  bee 
put  to  the  edge  of  the  sword,  and  hewen  in  pieces.  One 
time,  as  they  went  to  receive  the  Spanish  in  the  fashion 

137 


AD.  PUBCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

154^. 

abovesaid :  the  Dutch  Captaine  tyrant  caused  to  bee  put 
in  a  thatched  house  a  great  number  of  people,  and  hakled 
in  pieces.  And  beings  on  high,  neere  the  top  of  the  house, 
certaine  beames,  which  divers  had  got  upon,  avoyding 
the  bloudy  hands  and  swords  of  those  people  (O  mercilesse 
beasts)  the  devilish  man,  sent  to  put  to  fire,  whereby  as 
[IV.  viii.  many  as  there  were,  were  burned  alive.  By  this  meanes 
1588.]  the  Countrie  remayned  very  desart,  the  people  fleeing  into 
the  Mountaines,  where  they  hoped  to  save  themselves. 

They  came  into  another  great  Province,  in  the  confines 
of  the  Province  and  Realme  of  Saint  Martha,  where  they 
found  the  Indians  peaceable  in  their  Burroughs,  and  in 
their  houses,  doing  their  businesse:  they  continued  a 
long  time  with  them,  eating  their  store,  and  the  Indians 
served  them,  as  if  they  had  to  receive  of  them  their  life 
and  safeguard,  supporting  their  continuall  oppressions, 
and  usuaH  outrag[iousnesses,  which  are  intolerable :  besides 
that  one  Spanish  glutton,  eateth  more  in  one  day,  then 
would  suffice  an  whole  houshold  of  more  then  ten  Indians. 
They  gave  them  at  that  time,  a  great  auantitie  of  Gold, 
of  their  owne  good-will,  over  and  besides,  other  services 
innumerable,  which  they  did  unto  them.  At  the  end  as 
these  tyrants  would  depart  the  place,  they  advised  to  pay 
them  for  their  lodging,  in  this  manner. 

The  Almaine  tyrant  Governour,  commanded  to  tdkt 
such  Indians  as  they  could,  with  then-  wives  and  children, 
and  that  they  should  shut  them  up  within  an  inclosure, 
letting  them  know,  that  who  so  would  come  forth,  and 
be  let  goe  free,  that  he  should  redeeme  himselfe  at  the 
pleasxu-e  of  the  unjust  Governour:  in  giving  so  much 
Gold  for  himselfe,  so  much  for  his  wife,  and  so  much  for 
every  poll  of  his  children.  And  yet  to  presse  them  the 
more,  he  commanded  to  give  them  nothing  to  eate,  until! 
such  time  as  they  had  performed  the  quantitie  of  Gold 
inflicted  them  for  their  ransome.  Many  sent  to  their 
houses  for  Gold,  and  bought  out  themselves  as  they  were 
able,  and  those  same  were  delivered,  and  went  abroad 
about  their  businesse  to  get  their  living.     The  tyrant 

138 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

sent  certaine  Spanish  thieves  and  robbers,  to  goe  take 
them  againe  the  second  time,  after  they  had  beene 
redeemed.  They  are  carried  to  the  perdose,  and  there 
wrimg  with  himger  and  thirst,  to  the  end,  that  they  should 
yet  once  againe  pay  for  their  freedome.  And  there  were 
many  amongst  them,  which  were  taken  and  ransomed 
two  or  three  sundry  times.  Others  which  had  not  to 
give,  for  because  they  had  all  they  had,  hee  let  them 
within  the  toyle  die  for  hunger.  And  in  this  manner 
hath  beene  destroyed  a  Province  very  rich  of  people  and 
gold,  the  which  hath  a  Vale  or  Bourne  of  fourtie  leagues, 
where  hath  beene  brent  a  Burrough  of  the  receit  of  a 
thousand  housholds. 

This  Tyrant  resolved  with  himselfe  to  pierce  farther 
into  the  Countrey,  with  a  great  desire  to  discover  on  that 
side,  that  Hill  of  Peru.  By  occasion  of  which  accursed 
Voyage  both  hee  and  others  carried  forth  with  them, 
Indians  infinite,  loden  with  two  or  three  quintals  weight, 
and  being  enchained.  If  any  were  weake  and  weary, 
fainting  tor  hunger,  or  travelling,  they  cut  incontinent 
his  head  off  even  with  the  collar  of  the  chaine  that  yoked 
them:  because  they  should  not  need  to  unhamper  the 
others  that  went  with  the  same  collars  about  their  neckes, 
and  so  tumbled  the  head  on  the  one  side,  and  the  body 
on  the  other.  And  the  lode  of  him  that  had  so  fayled 
was  distributed  and  bestowed  upon  others.  To  tell  of 
the  Provinces,  which  hee  hath  layed  desart,  and  the 
Townes  and  places  which  hee  hath  brent,  for  all  the  houses 
are  thatched,  and  to  number  the  Nations  which  hee  hath 
skine,  and  the  cruelties,  and  miirders  particular,  which 
hee  had  committed  by  the  way,  it  would  bee  a  thing  scarse 
credible:  howbeit  very  true  and  wonderful!.  In  this 
same  very  course  and  steppes  marched  sithence  the  other 
tyrants,  who  came  from  the  said  Venesuela,  and  others 
of  the  Province  of  Saint  Martha,  with  the  selfe  same 
holy  intention  to  discover  the  same  sacred  golden  Palace 
of  Peru :  and  found  the  whole  Countrie  in  length  more 
then  two  hundred  leagues  so  burned,  dispeopled,  and 

139 


AJi.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

15+2. 

spoyled,  having  beene  before  most  notably  peopled,  and 
most  fertile,  as  hath  beene  said,  that  themselves  as  very 
tyrants  and  savage  beasts  as  they  were,  wondered  and 
stood  astonished  to  see  the  trackes  of  the  destructions  so 
lamentable,  wheresoever  he  had  passed. 

All  these  things  have  beene  given  in  evidence  with  the 
depositions  of  many  witnesses  by  the  Attorney  of  the 
Coimcell  of  the  Indies,  and  the  eviaences  are  kept  amongst 
the  Records  of  the  same  Councell:  and  yet  have  they 
never  burnt  alive,  any  of  those  execrable  tyrants.  Those 
Provinces  of  Venesuela  with  the  others  which  they  have 
laid  waste,  and  dispeopled  more  then  foure  hundred 
leagues  forthright,  as  hath  beene  said,  is  a  region  the  most 
blissefull,  and  the  richest  of  Gold,  and  was  the  best  peopled 
of  any  in  the  world :  in  such  sort,  that  they  have  dis- 
turned  from  the  Kings  Coffers,  and  occasioned  the  losse 
in  this  Realme  of  above  two  millions  of  rent,  within 
seventeene  yeeres  sithence  by  past,  that  these  enemies  of 
God  and  the  King  have  begunne  to  destroy  it :  neither 
is  there  any  hope  that  ever  those  losses  will  be  repaired. 

These  seventeene  yeeres  they  have  sent  bv  Sea  a  great 
number  of  ships  loden  and  st\iffed  with  Indians,  to  make 
sale  of  them  as  slaves  at  Saint  Martha,  at  the  lies  of 
Hispaniola,  and  of  Jamayca,  and  at  Saint  Johns  He,  moe 
A  million  of  then  one  million :    and  doe  send  daily,  as  now  this  yeere 
sUives.  J  ^42.  the  Court  of  the  Audience  Royall  notwithstanding 

established,  for,  and  at  Hispaniola,  right  well  seeing  all 
this,  and  dissimuling  to  see  it,  yea,  fiivo\iring  and  support- 
ing all  the  matter :  as  likewise  they  have  nad  their  eyes 
blinded  at  all  the  other  tyrannies  and  ransackings  infinite^ 
which  have  beene  done  in  all  this  coast  of  the  Firme  land 
which  are  about  foure  hundred  leagues,  the  which  have 
beene  and  now  are  under  their  jurisdiction,  like  unto 
Venesuela,  and  Saint  Martha :  all  which  the  said  Court 
might  very  well  have  empeached  and  remedied. 


140 


BARtMOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS 


A.D. 
154^. 


Of  the  Provinces  of  the  firme  land,  or  quarter    [iv.  viii. 

that  is  called  Florida.  '589.]. 

INto  these  Provinces  went  three  tyrants  at  three  divers 
times  since  the  yeere  151  o.  or  1511.  there  to  put  in 
ure  the  acts  which  others,  and  two  of  them  from  among 
themselves  have  committed  in  other  quarters  of  the 
Indians:  to  the  end  to  aspire  to  high  degrees,  in  no 
respect  convenient  to  their  persons,  higher  then  their 
merits  in  the  Common-wealth  could  conceive,  with  the 
bloud  and  destruction  of  their  neighbours :  and  they  are 
dead  all  three  of  an  evill  death,  and  their  houses  likewise 
have  beene  destroyed  with  them,  the  which  they  had 
builded  in  times  past,  with  the  bloud  of  mankind,  as  I 
can  be  a  sufficient  witnesse  of  all  three,  and  their  memory 
is  now  abolished  from  of  the  face  of  the  earth,  as  if  they 
had  never  beene  in  this  world. 

The  fourth  tyrant,  that  came  last  in  the  yeere  1538. 
cunningly  advised,  and  being  fully  furnished :  it  is  three 
yeeres  since  there  is  no  tidings  concerning  him.  Sure 
he  is  one  of  the  notoriousest  and  best  experimented 
amongst  them  that  have  done  the  most  hurts,  mischieves, 
and  destructions  in  my  Realmes  with  their  consorts : 
wherefore  I  beleeve  that  God  hath  given  him  like  end 
unto  the  others. 


Of  the  River  of  La  Plata,  that  is  to  say, 
Of  Silver. 

SIthence  the  yeere,  one  thousand  five  hundred,  and  two 
or  three  and  twenty:  certaine  Captaines  made  three 
or  fbure  Voyages  up  the  River  of  Plata,  where  there  are 
great  Provinces  and  Realmes,  and  Nations  well  ordered 
and  endued  with  understanding.  In  generall  wee  under- 
stood, that  they  have  made  mere  great  butcheries  and 
invasions:  but  like  as  this  Countrey  is  farre  discoasted 
irora  the  Indies  most  famous,  so  we  are  not  able,  to  quote 
the  notablest  points  in  particular. 

141 


Juan  P(mce  tU 
Leon  witk  80. 
men  were  all 
lost  there. 
After  Aim 
Lucas 

Vasquez  de 
Ayllon  with 
%%o,Pamphilo 
de  Narvaez 
witk  4.00. 
Andfiwrthlj 
Ferdinando  de 
Soto  with 
1000.  as  some 
say^  and  they 
which  say 
leasts  600. 
entred 

Florida^  whose 
stories  you 
have  before, 
0/Sotowasno 
newes  An, 
1542.  when 
this  was 
written. 
See  before  in 
Schmidet, 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

Of  the  mighty  Realmes,  and  large  Provinces 
of  Peru. 

IN  the  yeere  1531.  went  another  great  tyrant  with 
certaine  other  consorts,  to  the  Realmes  of  Peru,  where 
entring  with  the  same  title  and  intention,  and  with  the 
same  proceedings  as  all  the  rest  before  gone,  forasmuch 
as  he  was  one  of  them,  which  had  of  long  time  beene 
exercised  in  all  kindes  of  cruelties  and  murders,  which 
had  beene  wrought  in  the  firme  land,  sithence  the  yeere 
1 5 10.  hee  tooke  encouragement  to  accrue  in  cruelties^ 
murders,  and  robberies:  being  a  man  without  loyaltie 
and  truth,  laying  waste  Cities  and  Countries,  bringing 
them  to  nought,  and  utterly  undoing  them  by  slaying  the 
Inhabitants,  and  being  the  cause  of  all  the  evils,  which 
ensued  in  that  Countrie. 

He  slue  and  laid  waste  at  his  first  arrivall  with  a  mischife 
certaine  boroughes,  from  whom  he  pillaged  a  great 
quantitie  of  Gold.  In  an  Hand  neere  to  the  same  Pro- 
vinces, named  Pagna,  well  peopled  and  pleasant,  the  Lord 
thereof  with  his  people  received  them  as  it  had  beene 
Angels  from  heaven :  and  six  moneths  after,  when  as 
the  Spanish  had  eaten  up  all  their  provision :  They  dis- 
covered also  unto  them  the  corne  which  they  kept  under 
ground,  for  themselves,  their  wives,  and  their  children, 
against  a  dry  time  and  barren:  making  them  offer  of 
all,  with  trees  plentifull  to  spend  and  eate  at  their  pleasure. 
The  recompence  in  the  end  which  they  made  them,  was 
to  put  to  the  edge  of  the  Sword  and  Lance,  a  great 
quantitie  of  those  people.  And  those  whom  they  could 
take  alive,  they  made  slaves:  with  other  cruelties  great 
and  notable  which  they  committed,  dispeopled  as  it  were 
all  that  He. 

From  thence  they  make  to  the  Province  of  Tumbala> 
which  is  in  the  firme  land,  where  they  slay  and  destroy 
as  many  as  they  could  come  by.  And  because  all  the 
people  were  fled  as  affrighted  by  their  horrible  acts,  they 
said  that  they  made  an  msurrection,  and  rebelled  against 

142 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
the  King  of  Spaine.  This  tyrant  had  this  policie,  and 
kept  this  order  of  proceeding^,  that  vinto  all  those  whom 
he  tooke,  or  unto  others  which  presented  him  with  Gold 
and  Silver,  or  other  things  which  they  had:  he  com- 
manded them  to  bring  more,  untill  such  time  as  he 
perceived  that  either  mey  had  no  more,  or  that  they 
brought  him  no  more.  And  then  he  would  say,  that 
he  accepted  them  for  the  vassals  and  lieges  of  the 
King  or  Spaine,  and  made  much  of  them :  and  would 
cause  it  to  be  proclaimed  at  sound  of  two  Trumpets,  that 
from  thenceforth  they  would  take  them  no  more,  and  that 
they  would  doe  them  no  manner  harme  at  all:  setting 
it  downe  for  good  and  lawfuU,  all  whatsoever  fie  had 
robbed  from  them. 

A  few  dayes  after  the  King  and  Emperour  of  those 
Realmes,  named  Atabaliba,  came  accompanied  with  a 
number  of  naked  people,  bearing  their  ridicidous  armour, 
not  knowing  neither  how  Swords  did  carve,  nor  Speares 
did  pierce,  nor  Horses  did  run,  nor  who  or  what  were 
the  Spaniards.  Hee  commeth  to  the  place  where  they 
were,  saying:  Where  are  these  Spaniards?  Let  them 
come,  I  willnot  stirre  a  foote,  till  they  satisfie  me  for  my 
Subjects  whom  they  have  slaine,  and  my  boroughs  which 
they  have  dispeopled,  and  for  my  wealth,  which  they  have 
bereaved  me. 

The  Spaniards  set  against  him,  and  slew  an  infinite  sort  [IV.  viii. 
of  his  people :    they  tooke  him  also  in  person,  who  came  >  S9<^-] 

carried  in  a  Litter  borne  upon  mens  shoiJders.     They 
treate  with  him,  to  the  end  that  he  should  ransome  him- 
selfe.     The  King  offereth  to  performe  foure  millions  of 
Castillans,  and  performeth  fifteene,  they  promise  to  release  TijUene  Mil- 
him:    notwithstanding  in  the  end,  keeping  nor  faith  nor  Rms  paid  fir 
truth  (as  they  never  kept  any  in  the  Indies,  unto  the  ^^^^*P^ 
Indians)  they  laid  to  his  charge  altogether  untruely,  that  ^^^^^' 
by  his  commandement  the  people  assembled.     The  King 
answered,  that  in  all  the  Countrie  there  moved  not  a  leafe 
of  a  tree,  without  his  good  will :    that  if  there  assembled 
any  people,  they  were  to  beleeve  that  it  was  by  his  com- 

143 


A.D. 
1542. 


Testimony  of 
Frier  Marke 
backing 
Pizarro  and 
the  Spaniards 
fohuh  first 
entred  Peru. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

mandement,  and  as  touching  himselfe  that  he  was  prisoner, 
and  they  might  slay  him. 

All  this  notwithstanding,  they  condemned  him  to  be 
burnt  alive:  but  at  the  request  of  some  certaine,  the 
Captaine  caused  him  to  be  strangled :  and  being  strangled, 
hee  was  burned.  This  King  understanding  his  sentence, 
said:  Wherefore  will  you  burne  me?  What  trespasse 
have  I  done  yee?  Did  not  you  promise  me  to  set  me 
at  libertie,  if  I  gave  you  the  Gold?  And  have  I  not 
performed  more  then  I  promised?  Seeing  you  needes 
will  have  it  so,  send  me  to  your  King  of  Spaine :  speaking 
other  things,  to  the  great  confusion  and  detestation  of  the 
great  wrongfulnesse  that  the  Spaniards  used,  whom  in 
the  end  they  burned.  Here  let  be  considered  the  right 
and  title  of  this  warfare,  the  imprisonment  of  this  Prince, 
the  sentence,  and  the  execution  of  his  death,  and  the 
conscience,  whereby  they  possesse  great  treasures,  as 
indeede  they  have  robbed  in  those  Kealmes  from  this 
King  and  other  severall  Lords  infinite. 

As  touching^  the  innumerable  cruelties,  and  notable, 
for  the  mischiefes  and  enormities  withall  committed  in 
the  rooting  out  of  those  peoples  by  them,  who  call  them- 
selves Christians :  I  will  here  rehearse  some  certaine,  the 
which  a  Frier  of  Saint  Francis  order  saw  at  the  beginning, 
and  the  same  certified  under  his  name  and  signe :  sending 
them  into  all  those  quarters,  and  amongst  others  into  this 
Realme  of  Castile,  whereof  I  retaine  a  Copie  in  my 
keeping,  in  the  which  it  is  thus  written : 

I  Frier  Marke,  of  the  order  of  Saint  Francis,  com- 
missarie  over  the  other  Friors  of  the  same  Order  in  the 
Provinces  of  Peru,  and  who  was  one  of  the  first  religious 
men,  which  entred  into  the  said  Provinces  with  the 
Spaniards :  doe  say,  bearing  true  testimonie  of  certaine 
things,  the  which  I  have  seene  with  mine  eyes  in  that 
Countrie,  namely,  concerning  the  entreatie  and  conquests 
made  over  the  naturall  inhabitants  of  the  Countrie :  first 
of  all  I  am  an  eye  witnesse,  and  have  certaine  knowledge, 
that  those  Indians  of  Peru,  are  a  people  the  most  kinde 

144 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

154a. 
hearted  that  hath  beene  seene  among  all  the  Indians,  being 
courteous  in  conversation,  and  friendly  unto  the  Spaniards. 
And  I  saw  them  give  to  the  Spanish  in  abundance,  Gold, 
Silver,  precious  stones,  and  all  that  was  asked  them,  and 
that  they  had,  doing  them  all  kinde  of  service  lawfull. 
And  the  Indians  never  yeelded  forth  to  warre,  but  kept 
them  in  peace  so  long  time,  as  they  gave  them  not 
occasion,  oy  their  evill  entreating  of  them  and  their 
cruelties,  but  contrariwise  receivecf  them  with  all  amitie 
and  honour  in  their  boroughes,  in  giving  them  to  eate, 
and  as  man^  slaves  mankinde  and  womenkinde,  as  they 
demanded  for  their  service. 

Item,  I  am  witnesse,  that  without  that  the  Indians  gave 
occasion :    the  Spanish  as  soone  as  they  were  entred  the 
land,  after  that  the  great  Cacioue  Atabalipa,  had  given  to 
the  Spanish  more  then  two  millions  of  Gold,  and  had  put 
into  their  power  the  whole  Countrie  without  resistance, 
incontinent  they  burned  the  said  Atabalipa,  which  was 
Lord  of  the  whole  Countrie.     And  after  him  they  burnt 
his  captaine  generall  Cochilimaca,  who  had  come  to  the 
Governour  in  peace  with  other  Lords.     In  the  like  manner 
also  a  few  daves  after  they  burned  a  great  Lord  named 
Chamba,  of  the  Province  of  Quito,  without  any  fault  at 
all,  and  without  having  given  the  least  occasion  that  might 
be.     In  like  manner  they  burned  unjustly  Schappera  Lord    • 
of  the  Canaries.*    Also  they  burnt  the  feete  of  Alvis  a  *j1  ptopk  of 
great  Lord  amongst  all  those  which  were  in  Quito,  and  thonparu^ 
caused  him  to  endure  sundry  other  torments,  to  make  ^f^^^Z^^^ 
him  tell  where  was  the  Gold  of  Atabalipa :    of  the  which  c«^  ' 
treasure,  as  it  appeared,  he  knew  nothing.  Iknds. 

Also  they  burnt  in  Quito  Cosopanga,  who  was  Gover- 
nour of  aU  the  Provinces  of  Quito,  which  upon  the  request 
to  him  first  made  by  Sebastian  of  Bernalcasar,  Captaine 
under  the  Governour,  was  come  to  them  in  peace :  and 
onely  because  he  gave  them  not  Gold  so  much  as  he 
demanded  of  him,  they  burned  him  with  very  many  other 
Caciques  and  principall  Lords.  And  for  ought  that  I 
on  understand,  the  intent  of  the  Spaniards  was,  that 
xviii  145  K 


AJ>.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

there  should  not  be  left  alive  one  Lord  in  the  whole 
Covintrey. 

Item,  I  certifie,  that  the  Spaniards  caused  to  assemble 
a  great  number  of  Indians,  and  locked  them  up  in  three 
great  houses,  as  many  as  could  be  pored  in,  and  setting 
to  fire,  they  burned  them  all,  without  that  they  had  done 
the  least  thing  that  might  be,  or  had  given  to  the  Spanish 
the  least  occasion  thereof  whatsoever.  And  it  came  to 
passe,  that  a  Priest,  who  is  named  Ocanna,  drew  a  yong 
Boy  out  of  the  fire,  in  the  which  he  burned,  which  per- 
ceiving, another  Spaniard  tooke  fi-om  out  of  his  hands 
the  Boy,  and  flung  him  into  the  middest  of  the  flames> 
where  he  was  resolved  into  ashes  together  with  others. 
The  which  Spaniard  retxirning  the  same  day  to  the  Campe^ 
fell  downe  dead  suddenly,  and  mine  advice  was,  he  should 
not  be  buried. 

Item,  I  affirme,  to  have  seene  with  mine  owne  eyes, 
that  the  Spanish  have  cut  the  hands,  the  noses^  and  the 
eares  of  the  Indians,  and  of  their  women,  without  any 
other  cause  or  purpose,  save  onely  that  so  it  came  into 
their  fantasie,  and  that  in  so  many  places  and  quarters^, 
that  it  should  be  too  tedious  to  rehearse.  And  I  have 
seene,  that  the  Spanish  have  made  their  Mastives  runne 
[IV.  viii.  upon  the  Indians  to  rent  them  in  pieces.  And  moreover, 
i59i«]  I  have  seene  by  them  burnt  so  many  houses,  and  whole 
boroughes,  or  townships,  that  I  am  not  able  to  tell  the 
number.  Also  it  is  true,  that  they  violently  plucked  the 
little  infants  from  the  Mothers  dugges,  and  taking  them 
by  the  armes,  did  throw  them  from  them  as  farre  as  they 
could :  Together  with  other  enormities  and  cruelties 
without  any  cause,  which  gave  me  astonishment  to  behold 
them,  and  would  be  too  long  to  rehearse  them. 

Item,  I  saw  when  they  sent  for  the  Caciques  and  other 
principall  Indians,  to  come  see  them  in  peace,  and  assur- 
ance to  them  made,  promising  them  safe  conduct:  and 
incontinent  as  they  were  arrived,  they  burned  them. 
They  burned  two  whiles  I  was  present,  the  one  in  Andon,, 
and  the  other  in  Tumbala:    and  I  could  never  prevaile 

146 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1542- 
with  them  to  have  them  delivered  from  burning,  preached 
I  unto  them  never  so  much.  And  in  God  and  my 
conscience,  for  ought  that  ever  I  could  perceive,  the 
Indians  of  Peru,  never  lift  themselves  up,  nor  never 
rebelled  for  any  other  cause,  but  for  the  evill  entreating 
of  the  other  side,  as  is  manifest  unto  every  one,  and  for 
just  cause:  the  Spaniards  destroying  them  tyrannously 
against  all  reason  and  justice,  with  all  their  Countrie,  . 
working  upon  them  so  many  outrages,  that  they  were 
determined  to  die,  rather  then  to  suffer  much  another 
time.  Item,  I  say,  that  by  the  report  of  the  Indians 
themselves,  there  is  yet  more  Gold  hidden  then  is  come 
to  light,  the  which  because  of  the  unjustices  and  cruelties 
of  the  Spaniards,  they  would  not  discover,  neither  ever 
will  discover,  so  long  as  they  shall  be  so  evill  entreated, 
but  will  choose  rather  to  dye  with  their  fellowes.  Wherein 
God  our  Lord  hath  beene  highly  trespassed  against,  and 
the  Kings  Majestic  evill  served,  having  beene  defrauded 
in  that,  that  his  highnesse  hath  lost  such  a  Countrie,  as 
hath  beene  able  to  yeelde  sustenance  to  all  Castile :  for 
the  recoverie  of  which  Countrie,  it  will  be  a  matter  of 
great  difficultie,  dispence,  and  charges. 

All  these  hitherto  are  the  formall  words  of  the  said  Bishop  of 
religious  person :  the  which  are  also  ratified  by  the  Bishop  ^^^^ 
of  Mexico,  which  witnesseth  that  the  reverend  Father  hath  '^'^"^■>'- 
to  his  knowledge  affirmed  all  the  above  said.  It  is  here 
to  be  considered,  that  the  good  Father  saith,  that  he  saw 
those  things.  For  that,  that  he  hath  beene  fiftie  or  an 
hundred  leagues  up  into  the  Countrie,  for  the  space  of 
nine  or  ten  yeares,  and  at  the  venr  beginning,  when  there 
were  not  as  yet  but  very  few  of^  the  Spaniards :  but  at 
the  ringing  of  the  Gold,  there  were  quickely  gathered  and 
flocked  thither  foure  or  five  thousand,  which  shed  them- 
selves forth  over  many  great  Realmes  and  Provinces,  more 
then  five  hundred  or  sixe  hundred  leagues,  the  which 
Countrey  hath  beene  throughly  destroyed,  they  executing 
still  the  selfe  same  practises,  and  others  more  barbarous 
and  cruell. 

147 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Of  a  veritie,  from  that  day  unto  this  present,  there 
hath  becne  destroyed  and  brought  to  desolation  moe 
soulcs  then  he  hath  counted:  and  they  have  with  lesse 
reverence  of  God  or  the  King,  and  with  lesse  pittie  then 
before,  abolished  a  great  part  of  the  linage  of  mankinde. 
They  have  slaine  unto  this  day  in  these  same  Reaimes 
FoureMiUms  (and  yet  daily  they  doe  slay  them)  moe  then  foure  Millions 
slaiminPeru,  Qf  soules.  Certaine  dayes  passed,  they  pricked  in  shoot- 
ing  with  darts  of  reedes  to  death  a  mightie  Queene,  wife 
ot  Eling,  who  is  yet  King  of  that  Realme,  whom  the 
Spaniards  by  laying  hands  upon  him  compelled  to  rebell, 
and  in  rebellion  he  persisteth.  They  tooke  the  Queene 
his  wife,  and  so  as  hath  beene  said,  slue  her  against  all 
reason  and  justice,  being  e^reat  with  childe  as  she  was,  as 
it  was  said  onely  to  vexe  her  husband  withall. 

Of  the  new  Realme  of  Granado. 

Within  the  yeare  1539.  there  tooke  their  flight 
together  sundry  tyrants,  flocking  from  Venesuela, 
from  Saint  Martha,  and  from  Carthagene,  to  search  for 
the  Perous :  and  there  were  also  others  which  came  downe 
from  Peru  it  selfe  to  assay,  to  make  a  glade  farther  into 
the  Countrie:  And  they  found  from  beyond  Saint 
Marthas  and  Carthagene  three  hundred  leagues  up  into 
the  Countrie,  fertile  lands,  and  admirable  Provinces,  full 
of  infinite  people,  kinde  hearted  like  the  rest,  and  very 
rich,  as  well  of  Gold  as  of  precious  stones,  which  they 
call  Emeralds.  Unto  the  which  Provinces  they  gave  the 
name  of  New  Granado :  for  because  that  the  tyrant  which 
came  first  into  this  Countrey,  was  a  Granadan,  borne  in 
our  Countrey.  A  Governour,  for  as  much  as  he  which 
robbed  and  slew  in  the  new  Realme  of  Granado,  would 
not  admit  him  for  consort  with  him  to  rob  and  slay  as 
did  he:  he  procured  an  enquirie,  and  thereby  evidence 
came  in  against  him  with  sundry  witnesses  upon  the  fact 
of  his  slaughters,  disorders,  and  murders  which  he  had 
done,  and  doth  as  yet  unto  this  day,  the  processe  of  which 

148 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

enquirie,  together  with  the  evidences  was  read,  and  is  kept 

ia  the  Records  of  the  Counsell  of  the  Indies. 

The  witnesses  doe  depose  in  the  same  enquirie,  that 
the  said  whole  Realme  was  in  peace,  the  Indians  serving 
the  Spaniards,  giving  them  to  eate  of  their  labour,  and 
labouring  continually,  and  manuring  the  ground)  and 
biii^ing  them  much  Gold  and  preaous  stones,  such  as 
are  Emeralds,  and  all  that  which  they  could  or  had :  the 
Townes,  and  the  Lordships,  and  the  people  being  dis- 
tributed amongst  the  Spaniards  every  one  his  share :  which 
is  all  that  they  studie  for,  for  that,  that  it  is  their  meane 
way  to  attaine  to  their  la^t  end  and  scope,  to  wit,  Gold« 
And  all  being  subdued  to  their  tvrannie  and  accustomed 
bondage,  the  tyrant  the  principal!  Captaine  which  com^ 
manded  over  that  Countrey,  tooke  the  Lord  and  King 
of  the  Countrey,  and  detained  him  prisoner  six  or  seven  [iv.  yiii. 
moneths,  exacting  of  him  Gold  and  Emeralds  without  1 59^*1 

cause  or  reason  at  all.  The  said  King,  who  was  named 
Bogata,  for  feare  which  they  put  him  in,  said  that  hee 
would  give  them  an  house  full  of  Gold :  hoping  that  he 
should  escape  out  of  the  hands  of  him  which  tormented 
him.  And  he  sent  Indians  which  should  bring  him  Gold, 
and  by  times  one  after  another,  they  brought  in  a  great 
quantitie  of  Gold  and  precious  stones.  But  because  the 
King  did  not  ^ive  an  whole  house  full  of  Gold,  the 
Spaniards  bid  kill  him :  sithence  that  he  did  not  accom* 
plish  that  which  he  had  promised. 

The  tyrant  conunanding   that   this  King  should  be  KingB$igata 
arraigned  before  himselfe :    They  sommon  and  accuse  in  ^^f^^d, 
this  order  the  greatest  King  of  all  that  Countrie,  and  the  '*^^«'^^- 
tyrant  giveth  sentence,  condenminff  him  to  be  racked  and 
tormented,  if  he  doe  not  furnish  forth  the  house  full  of 
Gold.    They  give  him  the  torture  and  the  strapado  with 
cords;   they  mng  burning  sewet  upon  his  naked  belly; 
they  lay  on  bolts  upon  his  feete,  which  were  fastened  to 
one  stake,  and  gird  his  necke  fast  unto  another  stake,  two 
noen  holding  both  his  hands,  and  so  thev  set  fire  unto  his 
feete:    and  the  tyrant  comming  up  ana  downe  now  and 

»49 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

then,  willeth  him  to  have  his  death  given  him  by  little 
and  little,  if  he  made  not  ready  the  Gold.  Thus  they 
dispatched  and  did  to  death  that  Noble  Lord  in  those 
torments,  during  the  execution  whereof,  God  manifested 
by  a  signe,  that  those  cruelties  displeased  him,  in  con- 
suming with  fire  all  the  towne  where  they  were  committed. 
All  the  Spaniards  to  the  end  to  follow  their  good  Captaine, 
and  having  none  other  thing  to  doe,  but  to  hadde  in 
peeces  those  poore  innocents  doe  the  like,  tormenting  with 
divers  and  savage  torments  every  Indian,  both  Cacique 
or  Lord  of  every  people  or  peoples,  with  all  their  flockes, 
that  were  committed  to  their  charges :  those  said  Lords 
with  all  their  subjects  serving  them,  and  giving  them 
Gold  and  Emeraulds  as  many  as  they  could,  and  as  much 
as  they  had:  Tormenting  them  onely  to  the  end  they 
should  give  them  more  Gold,  and  rich  Minerals:  thus 
they  broyled  and  dispatched  all  the  Lords  of  that 
Countrie. 

For  the  great  feare  of  the  notorious  cruelties  that  one 
of  the  pettie  tyrants  did  unto  the  Indians,  there  trans- 
ported himselfe  unto  the  Mountaines,  in  flying  so  great 
crueltie,  a  great  Lord  named  Daytama,  with  many  of  his 
people.  For  this  they  hold  for  their  last  remedy  and 
refuge,  if  it  might  have  prevailed  them  ought :  and  this 
the  Spaniards  call  insurrection  and  rebellion.  Which  the 
Captaine  head  tyrant  having  knowledge  of,  he  sendeth 
supplie  of  Souldiers  unto  the  said  cruell  man  (for  whose 
cruelties  sake,  the  Indians  that  were  peaceable,  and  had 
endured  great  tyrannies  and  mischiefes,  were  now  gone 
into  the  Mountaine^  to  the  end  he  shoidd  pursue  them. 
Who,  because  it  sumceth  not  to  hide  them  in  the  entrals 
of  the  earth,  finding  there  a  great  multitude  of  people, 
slue  and  dispatched  them,  above  five  hundred  soules,  what 
men,  what  women,  for  they  received  none  to  mercy.  Also 
the  witnesses  depose,  that  the  said  Lord  Daytama,  before 
that  the  Spaniards  put  him  to  death,  came  to  the  cruell 
man,  and  brought  him  foure  or  five  thousand  Castillans, 
the  which  notwithstanding  he  was  murdered  as  abovesaid. 

ISO 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

Another  time  many  Indians  being  come  to  serve  the 
Spaniards,  and  serving  them  with  humilitie  and  simplicitie, 
as  they  are  accustomed  to  doe,  reputing  themselves 
assured:  behold  the  Captaine  of  the  towne  where  they 
served,  who  commeth  by  night,  conunanding  that  those 
Indians  should  be  put  to  the  edge  of  the  sword,  when 
they  had  supped,  and  whiles  that  they  were  a  sleepe, 
taking  their  rest  after  the  toyle  which  thejr  sustained  the 
day  time.  And  this  he  did,  for  that  it  seemed  him 
necessary  to  doe  this  massacre,  to  the  end  to  engrave 
an  awe  of  himself  in  the  hearts  of  all  the  peoples  of  that 
Countrie. 

Another  time  the  Captaine  conunanded  to  take  an  oathe 
of  the  Spaniards,  to  wit,  how  many  every  one  had  in  his 
service  of  the  Caciques,  and  principall  Lords,  and  Indians 
of  the  meaner  sort;  that  incontinent  they  should  be 
brought  to  the  most  open  place  of  the  Citie,  where  he 
commanded  that  they  should  be  beheaded:  thus  were 
there  at  that  time  put  to  death  foure  or  five  hundred 
soules. 

Moreover  these  witnesses  depose  concerning  another  of 
the  pettie  tyrants,  that  he  had  exercised  great  cruelties  in 
slaying,  and  chopping  off  the  hands  and  noses  of  many 
persons,  aswell  men  as  women,  and  destroying  very  much 
people.  Another  time  the  Captaine  sent  the  selfe  same 
cruell  man  with  certaine  Spaniards  into  the  Province  of 
Bogata,  to  be  informed  by  the  inhabitants  what  Lord  it 
was,  that  was  successour  unto  the  chiefe  Lord,  whom  hee 
had  made  to  die  that  cruell  death  in  those  torments  spoken 
of  before :  Who  running  along  the  Countrie  throughout 
many  places,  tooke  as  many  Indians  as  he  could  come  by, 
And  for  that  he  could  not  learne  of  them,  what  he  was 
that  succeeded  that  Lord,  he  mangled  off  some  hands, 
he  bid  cast  others,  men  and  women  unto  hungrie  Mastives, 
who  rend  them  in  peeces.  And  in  this  manner  have  beene 
destroyed  very  many  Indians,  and  Indesses.  One  time, 
at  the  fourth  watch  of  the  night,  he  went  to  overrun 
'Caciques  or  Govemours  of  the  land,  with  many  of  the 


A.0-  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

IS42. 

Indians,  which  were  in  peace,  and  held  themselves  assiired 
(for  he  had  given  them  his  ^ith,  and  assurance  that  they 
should  receive  no  harme  nor  damage)  upon  credit  whereor> 
they  were  come  forth  of  their  holes  in  the  Mountaines> 
where  they  had  beene  hid,  to  people  Plaine,  in  the  which 
stood  their  Citie :  thus  being  common  without  suspition,. 
and  trusting  the  assurance  made,  he  tooke  a  great  number> 
[IV.  viii.  as  well  men  as  women,  and  commanded  to  hold  out  their 
1 593-]  hands  stretched  against  the  ground,  and  himselfe  with  a. 
woodknife  cut  off  their  hands,  telling  them  that  he  did  oa 
them  this  chastisement,  for  that  they  would  not  confess^ 
where  their  new  Lord  was,  which  had  succeeded  in  the 
charge  of  government  of  the  Realme. 

Another  time  for  that  the  Indians  gave  him  not  a  coffer 
full  of  Gold,  that  this  cruell  Captaine  required  them :  he 
sent  men  to  warre  upon  them:  who  cut  off  the  hands 
and  noses  of  men  and  women  without  number.  They  cast- 
others  before  their  dogs  being  hunger  bitten,  and  used 
to  the  feare  of  feeding  on  flesh,  the  which  dispatched  and 
devoured : 

Another  time  the  Indians  of  that  Realme  perceiving 
that  the  Spaniards  had  burnt  three  or  foure  of  their 
principall  Lords,  they  fled  for  feare  up  into  a  Mountaine> 
from  whence  they  might  defend  themselves  against  their 
enemies  so  estranged  from  all  humanitie.  There  were 
of  them  by  the  testimonie  of  the  witnesses  foure  or  five 
Indians.  This  above  said  Captaine  sent  a  great  and  not- 
able tyrant,  which  exceeded  farre  most  of  those  to  whom 
he  had  given  the  charge  to  ransacke  and  waste,  together 
with  a  certaine  number  of  Spaniards,  to  the  end  that  they 
should  chastise  the  Indian  rebels:  as  they  would  seeme 
to  make  them  for  that  they  were  fled  from  a  pestilence 
and  slaughter  so  intollerable.  Well,  so  it  is  that  the 
Spanish  by  force  prevailed  to  ^t  up  to  the  Mountaine : 
for  the  Indians  were  naked  without  weapons.  And  the 
Spaniards  cryed  peace  unto  the  Indians;  assuring  them, 
that  they  would  doe  them  no  harme :  and  that  they  of 
their  parts  should  not  warre  any  longer.     Streight  vrzy 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

154a. 

as  the  Indians  stinted  from  their  owne  defence,  the  vile 
craell  man  sent  to  the  Spaniards  to  take  the  forts  of  the 
Mountaine,  and  when  they  should  get  them  to  enclose 
within  them  the  Indians.  They  set  then  like  unto  Tygers 
and  Lyons,  upon  these  lambes  so  meeke,  and  put  them 
to  the  edge  of  the  sword,  so  long  that  they  were  fkine 
to  breath  and  rest  themselves,  ^d  after  having  rested 
a  certaine  season,  the  Captaine  commanded  timt  they 
should  kill  and  cast  downe  from  the  Mountaine,  which 
was  very  high,  the  residue  that  were  alive:  which  was 
done.  And  these  witnesses  say,  that  they  saw  as  it  were 
a  cloud  of  Indians  cast  downe  from  the  Mountaine,  to 
the  number  bv  estinution  of  seven  himdred  men  together, 
where  they  fell  battered  to  peeces. 

And  to  atchieve  all  his  great  crueltie,  they  searched  all 
the  Indians  that  were  hid  amongst  the  bushes:  and  he 
conunanded  to  cut  off  their  heads,  at  blockes  ends ;  and 
so  they  slue  them  and  cast  them  downe  the  Mountaines : 
yet  could  not  he  content  himselfe  with  those  said  things  so 
cruell,  but  that  he  would  make  himselfe  a  little  better 
knowne,  augmenting  his  horrible  sinnes,  when  as  he  com- 
manded that  all  the  Indians  men  and  women,  which  some 
private  persons  had  taken  alive  (for  every  one  in  those 
massacres  is  accustomed  to  cull  out  some  one  or  other 
mankinde  and  womankinde,  to  the  end  to  become  his 
servants)  should  be  put  into  a  strawen  house,  savins;  and 
reserving  those,  which  seemed  necessary  to  be  employed 
in  their  service,  and  that  there  should  be  put  to  fire :  thus 
were  there  burned  fortie  or  fiftie.  Hee  caused  the  rest 
to  be  flong  to  the  carrion  dogs,  which  rend  them  in 
peeces,  and  devoured  them. 

Another  time  the  selfe  same  tyrant  went  to  a  Citie 
called  Cotta,  and  tooke  there  a  number  of  Indians,  and 
caused  to  be  dismembred  by  his  dogges,  a  fifteene  or 
twenty  Lords  of  the  principall,  and  cut  the  hands  of  a 
great  multitude  of  men  and  women :  which  said  hands  he 
hanged  one  by  another  on  a  pole,  to  the  end  the  other 
Indians  might  see  that  which  hee  had  done  unto  them. 

IS3 


A.O.  PURCHAS  H  «^^^^^%^^ 


154^ 


s 


Indians,  which  were  in  p',  ^j^^rL^Scr^ 

(for  he  had  given  their  ^  ides  fro^jj      o^^  ^^^  ^ 

should  receive  no  harrr    jJ?  .  ^^y^r 


to 


fiJl  of  ,1  were  in  his  company,  and  the  whfciTwh 

sent  jj  Countrie  wilde  and  waste,  are  such  and 


they  were  come  fort'.  »  ^f.^'^ie 

where  they  had  bee  ^  *.  ™*s  f^y 

stood  their  Citie :  .  ^  •'       ^  Ty  tie 

and  trusting  the  ^  i  *       ^  ?  •' 

[IV.  viii.        as  well  men  as     *  '  Ml  abc 

»593-]  hands  stretche 

woodknife  cr  .narge,  that  the  cm 

them  this  c  aave  beene  committ^^^^^ 

where  the'  ot  New  Grenade,  by  the  n  ^''^'  "*' 

charge  o  ,n,  and  by  their  consents  m^^^''^ 

Anot'  ants,  wasters,  and  weeders  of  the      ^^"^ 

were  in  his  company,  and  the  whic 
antrie  wilde  and  waste,  are  such  ana  so 
and       ^^^  that  if  his  Majestie  doe  not  take  some  order 
^^     ,ein  in  some  time  (albeit  that  the  slaughter  and  dis- 
^    .^ture  of  the  Indians  is  done  onely  to  bereave  them 
^-  their  Gold,  the  which  they  have  none  of,  for   thev 
jijvc  surrendred  all  that  which  they  had)  they  will  in  a 
jliort  time  make  an  end  of  them  so  in  such  sort,  that  there 
will  be  no  more  Indians  to  inhabit  the  land,  but  tl^t  it  will 
remaine  in  a  wildernesse  without  being  manured. 

There  are  other  great  Provinces,  which  bound    upon 
the  said  Realme  of  new  Grenado,  which  they  call  Popayin 
and  Cali,  and  three  or  foure  others,  which  containe  more 
then  five  hundred  leagues  of  ground,  which  they   have 
destroyed  and  desolated  in  the  same  manner,  as  they  have 
done  others,  robbing  and  slaying  with  torments,  and  the 
enormities  afore  spoken  of.     For  the  land  is  very  fertile 
and  those  that  come  from  thence  now  daily,  doe  reoort' 
that  it  is  a  ruefuU  thing  to  see  so  many  goodly  To-^e' 
burned  and  laid  desolate,  as  they  might  behold   t>assi 
up  and  downe  that  way:   so  as  there,  where  there  Jn 
wont  to  be  in  one  towne  a  thousand  or  two   thousa  H 
[IV.  viii.        households,  they  have  not  found  fiftie,  and  the  rest  utt    1 
1 594-1  ransacked  and  dispeopled.     And  in  some  quarters   th^  ^ 

154  ^^ 


HA.B^'*  ,  "    LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

fo^^^ ^y^xxct^^^  ^  '  '^*  ^*^^  ^^^  greater 


led  *^  v^  t   ^^*^  ^  ^^^  ^^  *®y  ^^"^" 

by     .re  sid^  '*^  ^"^d  destruction, 

^^^      and  .f   ftincssc,  and  fel 


^^^c  ^  ;'  it  for  a  most  f^^t  cwvtr- 

^   •  .  .'bovesaid,  that  ^  ,^     ^ 

naveg-.  '■  '   tiU  now  the  S'^// 


.  tbe^^^^ts*..  1  anyplace 

•^     t^s  exploit:  they  hav  ^=  ,*'^* 

.*•  10  *'***.  _-  t„>j--j  1/ .  »  them 


Indiet. 


ctief  i]'^       g^xe  rvundred  leagues  ot . 
M  T^'lTe  of  soules,  doing  stiU  the 


^pica  ^".^g  of  souies,  aoing  stm  tne  st.  ^  ^ 

of  an  ***^*tjes  that  remaine  behinde,  howsoev  °^^^J 

7^"^^  !!!Li-e  to  be.  '  ° 


hundred  Indians,  to  another  three  hundred 

^u  *''?ommander  DcviU  commandeth,  that  there  come 

T*f    *^  J.  j^  ^^  hundred  Indians,  which  incontinent  present 

^^      tttl^res   like   Lambes.     He   causing   forty   or   fifty 
tbemse     ^^^^  ^^  ^^^^  ^j^gjj.  j^^^g  ^j  Q^ .  gj^j^jj  ^j^jQ  jjjg 

*^*'''^ere  present,  I  will  serve  you  of  the  same  sauce,  if 

otncr  ^^^  ^^  g^^j  service,  or  if  so  be,  that  you  goe 

^^^    f  my  sight  without  my  leave.     That  for  the  honour 

o"*  J?    <     all  they  that  have  read  this  piece  of  worke,  or 

L   rTZrivc  it  a  reading,  consider  now,  whether  this  act, 

i/ Jeotas,  fell  and  unnaturall,  doe  not  exceed  all  cruelty 

***  J  *V.ici^tie,  that  may  bee  imagined,  and  whether  the 

ana   l'^^^  have  any  wrong  offered  them  when  a  man 

Spaniar     ^^  Divels,  and  whether  were  better,  to  give  the 

caMctn  ^        .  jQ  jjjg  Devils  in  Hell,  or  the  Spaniards 

^'rf'tTLi  at  the  Indies. 

^bicn  »*  ^j^.^  J  ^jll  rehearse  another  devilish  part,  the 

Aft^J  cannot  tell  whether  it  bee  lesse  cruell  and  voide 
vrhicn  *.  ^^^^  then  are  those  of  savage  beasts:  that  is, 
of  n****^-^ish  which  are  in  the  Indies,  doe  keepe  certaine 
that  the  =>P 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

There  were  so  hanged  one  by  another  threescore  and  ten 
paire  of  hands.  Hee  slised  off  besides  from  many  women 
and  children  their  noses. 

No  creature  living  and  reasonable,  is  able  to  decipher 
the  mischiefes  and  cruell  dealing  of  this  fellow,  enemy 
of  God.  For  they  are  without  number,  never  otherwise 
heard  of,  nor  seene:  those,  I  meane,  which  hee  hath 
done  in  the  land  of  Guatimala,  and  all  about  where  he 
hath  become. 

The  witnesses  say  for  a  surcharge,  that  the  cruell  deal- 
ings and  slaughters  which  have  beene  conunitted,  and  are 
yet  in  the  said  Realme  of  New  Grenado,  by  the  Captaines 
themselves  in  person,  and  by  their  consents  given  unto 
all  the  other  tyrants,  wasters,  and  weeders  of  the  nature 
of  man,  which  were  in  his  company,  and  the  which  hath 
laid  all  the  Countrie  wilde  and  waste,  are  such  and  so 
excessive,  that  if  his  Majestie  doe  not  take  some  order 
therein  in  some  time  (albeit  that  the  slaughter  and  dis- 
comfiture of  the  Indians  is  done  onely  to  bereave  them 
of  their  Gold,  the  which  they  have  none  of,  for  they 
have  surrendred  all  that  which  they  had)  they  will  in  a 
short  time  make  an  end  of  them  so  in  such  sort,  that  there 
will  be  no  more  Indians  to  inhabit  the  land,  but  that  it  will 
remaine  in  a  wildernesse  without  being  manured. 

There  are  other  great  Provinces,  which  bound  upon 
the  said  Realme  of  new  Grenado,  which  they  call  Popayin 
and  Cali,  and  three  or  foure  others,  which  containe  more 
then  five  hundred  leagues  of  ground,  which  they  have 
destroyed  and  desolated  in  the  same  manner,  as  they  have 
done  others,  robbing  and  slaying  with  torments,  and  the 
enormities  sifore  spoken  of.  For  the  land  is  very  fertile, 
and  those  that  come  from  thence  now  daily,  doe  report, 
that  it  is  a  ruefuU  thing  to  see  so  many  goodly  Townes 
burned  and  laid  desolate,  as  they  might  l)ehold  passing 
up  and  downe  that  way:  so  as  there,  where  there  was 
wont  to  be  in  one  towne  a  thousand  or  two  thousand 
[IV.  viii.  households,  they  have  not  found  fiftie,  and  the  rest  utterly 
1 594-1  ransacked  and  dispeopled.     And  in  some  quarters  they 

154 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 
have  found  two  or  three  hundred  leagues  of  Land  dis- 
peopled and  burned,  and  great  Cities  destroyed.  And 
finally,  by  that,  that  sithence  into  the  Realmes  of  Peru, 
of  the  Province  side  of  Quito,  are  entred  fare  into  the 
Countrey  sore  and  fell  tyrants,  as  farre  as  to  the  said 
Realme  of  Grenado,  and  of  Popayan,  and  of  Cali,  by  the 
coast  of  Carthag;ene,  and  Araba,  and  other  accursed  tyrants 
of  Carthagene  have  gone  to  assaidt  Quito,  and  moreover, 
afterwards  of  the  Rivers  side  of  Saint  John,  which  is  on 
the  South  side,  all  the  which  have  met  to  joyne  hands 
together  in  this  exploit:  they  have  rooted  out  and  dis- 
peopled above  sixe  hundred  leagues  of  land,  with  the  losse 
of  an  infinite  of  soules,  doing  still  the  selfe  same  to  the 
poore  wretches  that  remaine  behinde,  howsoever  innocent 
they  appeare  to  be. 

After  the  ends  of  the  slaughters  and  massacres  of  the 
warres,  they  bring  the  people  into  the  horrible  bondage 
abovesaid,  and  give  them  to  the  commandement  of  Devils, 
to  one  an  hundred  Indians,  to  another  three  hundred. 
The  commander  Devill  commandeth,  that  there  come 
before  him  an  hundred  Indians,  which  incontinent  present 
themselves  like  Lambes.  He  causing  forty  or  fifty 
amongst  them  to  have  their  heads  cut  off :  sayth  unto  the 
other  there  present,  I  will  serve  you  of  the  same  sauce,  if 
you  doe  not  me  good  service,  or  if  so  be,  that  you  goe 
out  of  my  sight  without  my  leave.  That  for  the  honour 
of  God,  all  they  that  have  read  this  piece  of  worke,  or 
shall  give  it  a  reading,  consider  now,  whether  this  act, 
so  hioeous,  fell  and  unnaturall,  doe  not  exceed  all  cruelty 
and  iniauitie,  that  may  bee  imagined,  and  whether  the 
Spaniards  have  any  wrong  offered  them  when  a  man 
calleth  them  Divels,  and  whether  were  better,  to  give  the 
Indians  to  keepe  to  the  Devils  in  Hell,  or  the  Spaniards 
which  are  at  the  Indies. 

After  this  I  will  rehearse  another  devilish  part,  the 
which  I  cannot  tell  whether  it  bee  lesse  cruell  and  voide 
of  manhood,  then  are  those  of  savage  beasts:  that  is, 
that  the  Spanish  which  are  in  the  Indies,  doe  keepe  certaine 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1542. 

Dogs  most  raging,  taught  and  trained  wholly  to  the  pur- 
pose, to  kill  ancfrend  in  pieces  the  Indians.  That  let 
all  those  that  are  true  Christians,  yea,  and  also  those 
which  are  not  so,  behold,  if  ever  there  were  the  like  thing 
in  the  whole  world :  that  is,  to  feed  those  Dogs,  they  leadc 
about  with  them  wheresoever  they  goe  a  great  number 
of  Indians  in  chaines,  as  if  they  were  Hogs,  and  kill  them> 
making  a  shambles  of  mans  flesh.  And  the  one  of  them 
will  say  to  another.  Lend  mee  a  quarter  of  a  villaine,  to 
give  my  Dogs  some  meate,  untill  I  kill  one  next> 
altogether  as  if  one  should  borrowe  a  quarter  of  an  Hogge 
or  Mutton.  There  be  others  which  goe  forth  a  hunting 
in  the  morning  with  their  curres,  the  which  being  returned 
to  eate,  if  another  aske  him :  How  have  yee  sped  to  day? 
they  answere.  Very  well :  for  I  have  killed  with  my  Dogs 
to  day,  fifteene  or  twenty  Villacoes.  All  these  diabolicall 
doings,  with  others  like  have  beene  proved  in  the  suits 
of  I^w,  that  the  tyrants  have  had  one  of  them  against 
another.     Is  there  any  case  more  ougly  or  unnaturdl? 

I  will  here  now  deport  me  of  this  discourse,  untill  such 
time,  that  there  come  other  newes  of  things,  in  ungracious- 
nesse  more  notorious  and  remarkable  (if  it  so  bee,  that 
there  can  bee  any  more  grievous)  or  untill  such  time  as 
we  mav  returne  thither  to  behold  them  our  selves  anew> 
as  we  oehold  them  for  the  space  of  two  and  forty  yeeres 
continually  with  mine  owne  eyes:  protesting  in  a  good 
conscience  before  God,  that  I  doe  beleeve,  and  I  hold  it 
for  certaine,  that  the  damages  and  losses  are  so  great,  with 
the  destructions  and  overthrowes  of  Cities,  massacres  and 
murders,  with  the  cruelties  horrible  and  ougly,  with  the 
ravins,  iniquities  and  robberies,  all  the  which  things  have 
beene  executed  amongst  those  people,  and  are  yet  daily^ 
committed  in  those  quarters :  that  in  all  the  things,  which 
I  have  spoken  and  deciphered,  as  I  was  able  the  neerest 
to  the  truth :  I  have  not  said  one  of  a  thousand,  of  that 
which  hath  beene  done,  and  is  dailv  a  doing  at  this  present^ 
bee  it  that  you  consider  the  quaUtie,  or  bee  it,  that  yee 
consider  the  quantitie. 

iS6 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS  CASAS  aj». 

And  to  the  end  that  all  Christians  have  the  greater 
compassion  of  those  poore  innocents,  and  that  they  com- 
plaine  with  me  the  more  their  perdition  and  destruction, 
and  that  they  detest  the  greedmesse,  loftinesse,  and  fel- 
nesse  of  the  Spanish :   that  all  doe  hold  it  for  a  most  ff^kat  cmver- 
undoubted  veritie,  with  all  that  hath  beene  abovesaid,  that  ^^ 
^ithence  the  first  Discoverie  of  the  Indies  untill  now,  the  /?!5^J1/L^, 
Indians  never  did  harme  unto  the  Spanish  m  any  place  indies. 
wheresoever,  untill  such  time,  that  they  first  received 
wrongs  and  injuries,  being  robbed  and  betrayed:   but 
indeed  did  repute  them  to  be  immortall,  supposing  them 
to  be  descended  from  Heaven,  and  they  received  them  for 
such,  untill  such  time  as  that  they  gave  it  forth  manifestly 
to  be  knowne  by  their  doings,  what  they  were,  and  whereto 
they  tended. 

I  will  adjoyne  hereunto  this,  that  fi-om  the  beginning 
unto  this  houre,  the  Spaniards  have  had  no  more  care 
to  procure  that  unto  those  people  should  be  preached  the 
Faith  of  Jesus  Christ,  then  as  if  they  had  beene  Curre 
dogs,  or  other  beasts :  but  in  lieu  thereof,  which  is  much 
worse,  they  have  forbidden  by  expresse  meanes  the 
religious  men  to  doe  it,  for  because  that  that  seemed 
unto  them  an  hinderance  likely  to  be,  to  the  getting  of 
their  Gold,  and  these  riches  which  their  avarice  roreglutted 
in.  And  at  this  day  there  is  no  more  knowledge  of  God 
throughout  the  Indies,  to  wit,  whether  he  be  of  timber, 
of  the  aire,  or  the  earth,  then  there  was  an  hundred  yeeres 
agoe,  excepting  New  Spaine,  whither  the  religious  men 
have  gone,  which  is  but  a  little  corner  of  the  Indies :  and 
so  are  they  perished,  and  doe  perish  all  with  Faith,  and 
without  Sacraments. 

I  brother  Bartholomew  de  las  Casas  or  Casaus,  religious  [IV.  viii. 
of  the  Order  of  Saint  Dominicke,  which  by  the  mercy  of  ^595-] 

God  am  come  into  this  Court  of  Spaine,  to  sue  that  the 
Hell  might  bee  withdrawen  fi-om  the  Indies,  and  that 
these  innumerable  soules,  redeemed  by  the  bloud  of  Jesus 
Christ,  should  not  perish  for  evermore  without  remedie, 
but  they  might  know  their  Creator  and  be  saved:  also 

157 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

for  the  care  and  compassion  that  I  have  of  my  Countrcy,. 
which  is  Castile,  to  the  end  that  God  destroy  it  not  for 
the  gteat  sinnes  thereof,  committed  against  the  Faith  and 
his  honour,  and  against  our  neighbours :  for  certaine  mena 
sakes  notably  zejuous  of  the  glory  of  God,  touched  with 
compassion  of  the  afflictions  and  calamities  of  others^ 
followers  of  this  Court :  howbeit,  that  I  was  purposed  to 
doe  it,  but  I  could  not  so  soone  have  done  it,  because  of 
my  continuall  occupations,  I  atchieved  this  Treatise  and 
Summarie  at  Valencia,  the  eight  of  December,  1542.  the 
force  being  mounted  to  the  highest  type  of  extremitie,  and 
all  the  violences,  tyrannies,  desolations,  anguishes,  and 
calamities  abovesaid,  spred  over  all  the  Indies,  where  there 
are  Spaniards,  although  they  be  more  cruell  in  one  part 
then  they  be  in  another,  and  more  savage  and  more 
abhominable. 

Mexico  and  her  confines  are  lesse  evill  intreated.  In 
truth,  there  they  cannot  execute  their  outrages  openly, 
for  that  there  and  not  elsewhere,  there  is  some  forme  of 
justice,  as  slender  as  it  is.  For  because  that  there  alsa 
they  kill  them  with  devilish  tributes :  I  am  in  good  hope, 
that  the  Emperour  and  King  of  Spaine,  our  liege 
Soveraigne  Lord,  Don  Charles  the  fift  of  that  name,  who 
beginneth  to  have  understanding  of  the  mischiefes  and 
treasons  that  there  have  beene,  and  are  committed  against 
those  poore  people,  against  the  will  of  God,  and  his  owne, 
(for  they  have  alwaies  cunningly  concealed  the  truth  from 
him)  will  roote  out  those  evfls,  and  take  some  order  for 
this  new  world  that  God  hath  given  him,  as  unto  one 
that  loveth  and  doeth  justice :  whose  honour  and  prosper- 
ous estate  Imperiall,  God  almightie  vouchsafe  to  blesse 
with  long  life,  for  the  benefit  of  his  whole  universall 
Church,  and  to  the  salvation  of  his  owne  Royall  soule. 
Amen. 

After  having  couched  in  writing  the  premisses,  I  under- 
stood of  certaine  Lawes  and  Ordinances,  which  his 
Majestie  hath  made  about  this  time  at  Barcellone,  Anno 
1542.  in  the  moneth  of  November,  and  the  yeere  following: 

158 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

at  MadriU :  by  the  which  Ordinances,  there  is  order  set 

downe,  as  the  case  them  seemeth  to  require :  to  the  end,  to 

cut  off  the  mischiefes  and  sins  which  are  committed  against 

God  and  our  neighbours,  tending  to  the  utter  ruine  and 

perdition  of  this  new  world.     His  Majestie  hath  made 

these  Lawes,  after  having  holden  many  assemblies  of 

persons  of  authoritie,  of  learning  and  conscience,  and  after 

having  had  disputations  &  conferences  in  Valladolid :  and 

finally  with  the  assent  and  advise  of  all  those  others  which 

have  given  their  advise  in  writing,  and  have  beene  found 

neerest  approching^  unto  the  Law  of  Jesus  Christ,  and 

withall  free  from  me  corruption  and  soyle  of  the  treasures 

robbed  from  the  Indians :  the  which  treasures  have  soyled 

the  hands,  and  much  more  the  soules  of  many,  over  whom 

those  treasures  and  avarice  have  got  the  masterie,  and 

where  hence  hath  proceeded  the  blinding,  which  hath 

caused  so  to  marre  all  without  remorse.     These  Lawes 

being  published,  the  creatures  of  those  tyrants,  who  then 

were  at  the  Court,  drew  out  sundry  copies  thereof  (for  it 

grieved  them  at  the  hearts :  for  that  it  seemed  them  that 

thereby  there  was  a  doore  shut  up  unto  them  against  their 

ravine  and  extortion  afore  rehearsed)  and  dispersed  them 

into  divers  quarters  of  the  Indies.     Those  which  had  the 

charge  to  robbe,  root  out,  and  consume  by  their  tyrannies, 

(even  as  they  had  never  kept  any  good  order  but  rather 

disorder,  such  as  Lucifer  himselfe  might  have  held)  as 

they  read  those  copies  before  the  new  Judges  might  come 

to  execute  their  charge,  knowing^  it  (as  it  is  said,  and  that 

very  credible)  by  those  who  untill  this  time  have  suported 

and  maintayned  their  crimes  and  outrages,  to  be  likely 

that  such  execution  should  be  used  of  those  Lawes :  they 

ranne  into  a  mutinie  in  such  wise,  as  that  when  the  good 

Judges  were  come  to  doe  their  duties,  they  advised  with 

themselves  (as  those  which  had  lost  the  feare  and  love  of 

God)  to  cast  off  also  all  shame,  and  obedience  which  they 

owe  to  the  King,  and  so  tooke  unto  them  the  name 

of  open  and  arrant  traitors,  behavingr  themselves  as  most 

cruefi   and    gracelesse   tyrants:    and   principally   in    the 

159 


A.V.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

Realme  of  Peru,  where  presently  this  vecre  1442.  are 
committed  acts  so  horrible  and  frightful!,  as  never  were 
the  like,  neither  in  the  Indies,  nor  in  all  the  world  besides, 
not  onely  against  the  Indians,  the  which  all  or  in  a  manner 
all  are  slaine,  all  those  Regions  being  dispeopled :  but  also 
CMli  warns  betwixt  themselves  by  a  just  judgement  of  God,  who 
i*  ^^  ihs  ^'^^^  permitted  that  they  should  be  the  Butchers  one  of 
Sp^i^!b  ^^  ^^^^^  ^^  ^^^"^*  ^y  meanes  of  the  support  of  this 
rebellion,  none  of  all  the  other  parts  of  this  new  World 
would  obey  those  Lawes:  But  under  colour  of  making 
supplication  to  his  Majesty  to  the  contrary,  they  have 
made  an  insurrection  as  well  as  the  others.  For  that  it 
irketh  them  to  leave  their  estates  and  goods  which  they 
have  usurped,  and  to  unbinde  the  hands  of  the  Indians, 
whom  they  detaine  in  a  perpetuall  captivitie.  And  there 
where  they  cease  to  kill  with  the  sword,  readily  and  at  the 
instant,  they  kill  them  a  little  and  a  little,  by  personal] 
slaveries,  and  unjust  charges  and  intolerable.  That  which 
the  King  could  not  hitherunto  let :  for  because  that  they 
all,  great  and  little,  rove  and  robbe,  some  more,  some  lesse : 
some  overtly,  and  some  covertly,  and  under  the  pretence 
of  serving  the  King:  dishonour  God,  and  robbe  the 
King. 

Part  of  a  Letter  written  by  one  which  saw  things 

mentioned. 

[IV.  viii.        TTEe  gave  licence  to  put  them  to  the  Chaine,  and  in 

1596]  XjL  bondage:  That  which  they  did:  and  the  Captaine 

led  after  him  three  or  foure  droves  of  these  persons 

enchained:  and  in  this  doing,  he  procured  not  that  the 

Countrey  should  bee  inhabited  and  peopled  (as  had  beene 

convenient   should   have   done)   but   robbing   from   the 

Ihdians  all  their  victuals  they  had,  the  inbomes  of  the 

Countrey  were  reduced  to  such  an  extremitie,  that  there 

were  found  great  numbers  dead  of  famine  in  the  high- 

wayes.     Ana  the  Indians  comming  and  going  to  and  fro 

Tin  thmand   ^^^  coast,  laden  with  the  carriage  of  the  Spaniards,  hee 

perish,  was  the  death  by  these  meanes  of  about  ten  thousand. 

160 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1542. 
For  not  one  that  arrived  at  the  venr  coast  escaped  death : 
by  reason  of  the  excessive  heate  or  the  Countrey. 

After  this,  following  the  same  tract  and  way,  by  the 
which  John  of  Ampudia  was  gone,  hee  sent  the  Indians 
which  he  had  purchased  in  Quito,  a  day  before  him,  to 
the  end  they  should  discover  the  bourges  of  the  Indians, 
and  should  pillage  them,  that  when  he  came  with  his 
maynie  he  might  finde  his  bootie  ready.  And  those 
Indians  were  his  owne  mates:  of  the  which  such  a  one 
had  two  hundred,  such  a  one  three  hundred,  and  such  a 
one  a  hundred;  according  to  the  baggage  that  every 
one  of  them  had :  which  Indians  came  to  yeeld  themselves 
to  their  Masters  with  all  that  they  had  robbed. 

After  that  the  said  Captaine  was  retiirned  from  the 

coast,  hee  determined  to  depart  from  Quito,  and  to  goe 

seeke  the  Captaine  John  de  Ampudia,  leaving  thereto 

moe    then   two   hundred   of  Footmen   and  Horsemen, 

amongst  whom  were  a  great  many  Inhabitants  of  the  Citie 

of  Quito.     Unto  those  Inhabitants  the  Captaine  gave 

licence  to  carrie  with  them  the  Cacikes,  that  were  escheated 

them  in  sharing,  with  as  many  Indians  as  they  would. 

That  which  they  did :  and  Alfonso  Sanches  Nuita  carried 

forth  with  him  his  Cacike,  with  moe  then  an  hundred 

Indians  besides :  and  in  like  manner  Peter  Cibo,  and  his 

Cousin :  and  they  led  out  more  then  an  hundred  and  fifty 

with  their  wives :  and  sundry  also  sped  out  their  children, 

because  that  in  a  manner  every  one  died  for  hunger.    Also 

Moran  Inhabitant  of  Popayan,  carried  out  moe  then  two 

hundred  persons.     And  the  like  did  all  the  rest.  Citizens 

and  Souldiers,  every  one  after  his  abilitie :  the  Souldiers 

craving  that  they  might  have  licence  given  them  to  captive 

those  Indians  men  and  women,  which  they  carried  forth : 

the  which  was  granted  them  untill  the  death  of  the  said 

captives,  and  those  deceased,  to  take  as  many  more. 

When  they  departed  out  of  the  Province  of  Quito,  they 
carried  out  moe  then  sixe  thousand  Indians,  men  and 
women,  and  of  all  those  there  never  retxu-ned  home  into 
their  Countrie  twenty  persons.     For  they  died  all  through 

XVIII  l6l  L 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS   PILGRIMES 

1542. 

the  great  and  excessive  travell,  which  they  made  them 
indure  in  those  broyling  Countries  contrary  to  their  nature. 
It  happened  at  that  time,  that  one  Alfonso  Sanches,  whom 
the  said  Captaine  sent  for  Chieftaine  over  a  certaine 
number  of  men  into  a  Province  there,  met  with  a  good 
company  of  women,  and  young  boyes  laden  with  victuals : 
who  stayed  waiting  for  them  without  moving  from  the 
place  to  give  them  of  that  which  they  had,  and  having 
so  done,  tne  Captaine  commanded  that  they  should  be  put 
to  the  sharpe  ot  the  sword. 

It  came  to  passe  also,  that  at  the  time  that  the  said 
Captaine  came  into  the  Province  of  Lili,  to  a  Towne 
called  Palo,  neere  unto  the  great  River,  where  hee  found 
the  Captaine  John  de  Ampudia,  which  was  gone  before 
to  discover,  and  pacifie  the  Countrie :  the  said  Ampudia 
kept  a  Citie  by  him  provided  of  a  Garrison,  in  the  name 
of  his  Majestie,  and  of  the  Marques  Francis  of  Pizarro : 
and  had  set  over  them  for  Governours  ordinary,  one  Petre 
Solano  of  Quiennoves,  and  eight  Counsellours,  and  all 
the  rest  of  the  Countrie  was  m  peace,  and  shared  out 
amongst  them.  And  as  hee  knew  that  the  said  Captaine 
was  in  the  said  River,  hee  came  to  see  him,  with  a  great 
number  of  the  Inhabitants  of  the  Countrie,  and  peaceful! 
Indians,  laden  with  victuals  and  fruits.  Shortly  after  also 
all  the  neighboiir  Indians  came  to  see  him,  bringing  him 
food.  There  were  the  Indians  of  Xamundi,  and  of  Palo, 
and  of  Soliman,  and  of  Bolo. 

Now  because  that  they  brought  no  Mahis  which  he 
would  have,  he  sent  a  great  number  of  Spaniards  with 
their  Indians,  to  goe  search  for  Mahis :  commanding  them 
to  bring  some  wheresoever  they  found  any.  So  went  they 
to  Bolo,  and  to  Palo,  and  found  the  Indians  men  and 
women  in  their  houses  in  peace :  and  the  said  Spaniards 
with  those  that  were  with  them,  tooke  them,  and  robbed 
their  Mahis,  their  Gold,  and  Coverings,  and  all  that  they 
had,  and  bound  many. 

Wherefore,  they  seeing  that  the  Captaine  kept  no  Faith 
with  them :  all  the  Countrie  arose  and  revolted  from  the 

162 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542, 

Spanish,  whereof  ensued  great  damage,  and  God  and  the 
Kings  Majestie  offended:  and  by  this  meanes  the 
Countrey  remayned  dispeopled :  for  that  the  Olomas  and 
the  Manipos  their  enemies,  which  are  Mountaine  people, 
and  warhke,  descended  daily  to  take  and  robbe  them, 
when  they  perceived  the  Citie  and  places  of  their  abode  left 
destitute.  And  amongst  them  hee  who  was  the  stronger, 
did  eate  up  his  fellow,  for  all  died  for  famine.  Thi^  CnnUfamine. 
done,  the  Captaine  came  to  the  Citie  of  Ampudia,  where 
he  was  received  for  Generall.  From  this  place  they  goe 
to  a  Citie  called  Tukilicui,  from  whence  the  Cadke  of 
the  place  yeelded  forth  incontinent  in  peace,  a  number  of 
Indians  going  before  him.  The  Captaine  demanded  Gold 
of  him  and  of  his  Indians.  The  Cacike  told  him  that  hee 
had  but  a  small  deale,  and  that  which  he  had  should  be 
given  him :  and  immediatly  all  beganne  to  give  him  all 
that  they  had.  Whereupon  the  said  Captaine  gave  unto 
every  ot  them  a  ticket,  with  the  name  or  the  said  Indian, 
for  a  testimoniall  that  he  had  given  him  Gold :  affirming  [iv.  viii. 
that  hee  which  should  have  never  a  ticket,  should  be  cast  1 597] 

to  the  Doffges  to  bee  devoured,  because  he  gave  him  no 
Gold.  Whereupon  the  Indians  for  feare  that  they  were 
put  in,  gave  him  all  the  Gold  that  they  were  able:  and 
those  wmch  had  none  fled  into  the  Mountaines  and  other 
Townes,  for  feare  to  bee  slaine.  By  reason  whereof 
perished  a  great  number  of  the  native  Inhabitants  of  the 
Countrie.  And  shortly  after,  the  said  Captaine  com- 
manded the  Cacike  to  send  two  Indians  to  another  Citie 
named  Dagna,  to  will  them  that  they  should  come  in  peace, 
and  bring  him  Gold  in  abundance.  And  comming  to 
another  Citie,  hee  sent  that  ni^ht  many  Spaniards  to  take 
the  Indians,  and  namely  of  Timlicui.  So  as  they  brought 
the  next  morrow  above  an  hundred  persons :  and  all  those 
which  could  beare  biirdens,  they  tooke  them  for  them- 
selves, and  for  their  Souldiers,  and  put  them  to  the  chaine, 
whereof  they  died  all.  And  the  said  Captaine  gave  the 
litde  children  imto  the  said  Cacike  TuUlicui,  that  hee 
should  eate  them:   and  in  truth,  the  skinnes  of  those 

163 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

children  are  kept  in  the  house  of  the  said  Cacike  Tulilicui 
fiill  of  ashes :  and  so  departed  hee  from  thence  without  an 
Interpreter,  and  went  towards  the  Provinces  of  Castile, 
where  hee  joyned  himselfe  unto  the  Captaine  John  de 
Ampudia,  who  had  sent  him  to  discover  another  way, 
doing  both  of  them  great  outrages,  and  much  mischiefe 
unto  the  Inhabitants  of  the  Countrie  where  they  became. 
And  the  said  John  de  Ampudia  came  to  a  Citie,  the  Gudke 
and  Lord  whereof  called  Bitacur,  had  caused  to  make 
certaine  Ditches  to  defend  himselfe,  and  there  fell  into 
the  same  two  Horses,  the  one  of  Antonie  Rodondos,  the 
other  of  Marc  Marquesis.     That  of  Marcos  Marquis  died, 
the  other  not.     For  which  cause  the  said  Ampudia  com- 
manded to  take  all  the  Indians  men  and  women  that 
might  be :  and  thereupon  tooke  and  layed  together  more 
then  an  hundred  persons,  whom  they  cast  alive  into  those 
Ditches  and  slue  them,  and  brent  withall  more  then  an 
hundred  houses  in  the  said  Citie.    And  in  that  manner 
met  in  a  great  Citie,  where  without  summoning  (the 
Indians  being  at  peace,  and  without  any  spokesman  to 
goe  betweene  them)  they  slue  with  their  Speares  a  great 
number  of  them,  making  on  them  mortall  warre.     And 
as  it  is  said,  soone  after  uey  were  met,  the  said  Ampudia 
told  the  Captaine  what  he  had  done  in  Bitaco,  and  how 
he  cast  so  many  into  the  Ditches :  and  the  said  Captaine 
answered,  that  it  was  well  done,  and  that  he  for  his  part 
had  done  as  much  at  the  River  Bamba,  when  hee  entred 
the  same,  which  is  in  the  Province  of  Quito,  and  that  he 
had  flung  into  the  Ditches  moe  then  two  hundred^  persons ; 
and  there  they  stayed  warring  on  all  the  Countrie.    Soone 
after  he  entred  into  the  Province  of  Bitu,  or  Anzerma : 
in  making  cruell  warre  with  fire  and  bloud  till  they  came 
as  farre  as  unto  the  Salt-houses.    And  from  thence  he  sent 
Francis  Garcia  before  him  to  pillage,  who  made  cruell 
warre  on  the  naturall  Inhabitants  of  the  Countrie  as  he 
had  done  before  him.     The  Indians  came  unto  him  two 
and  two,  making  signes,  that  they  demanded  peace  on  the 
behalfe  of  the  whole  Countrie :  alledging  that  they  would 

164 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

affoord  him,  all  that  he  could  reasonably  demand,  were  it 
Gold,  or  Women,  or  Victuals,  onely  tluit  they  would  not 
kiU  them,  as  indeed  it  was  a  troth.  For  themselves  after- 
wards confessed  it  to  bee  so.  But  the  said  Francis  Garcia 
bid  them  get  them  packing :  telling  them  moreover,  that 
they  were  a  sort  of  drunkards,  and  that  hee  understood 
them  not,  and  so  returned  hee  to  the  place  where  the  said 
Captaine  was,  and  they  made  a  complot,  to  overrunne  all 
the  Province,  making  cruell  warre  on  all  the  Countrie,  in 
spovling,  robbing  and  slaying  all :  and  with  the  Souldiers,  » 
which  hee  brought  with  him,  drew  thence  moe  then  two 
thousand  souks,  and  all  those  died  in  the  chaine.  Before 
departing  the  place  which  hee  had  peopled,  they  slue  more 
then  five  hundred  persons.  And  so  returned  to  the  Pro- 
vince of  Calili.  And  by  the  way  if  any  Inde  or  Indesse, 
were  weary,  in  such  sort,  that  they  could  not  passe  any 
further,  they  did  incontinently  head  them,  paring  it  off 
from  the  shoulders  even  with  the  chaine,  to  the  end  not 
to  take  the  paines  to  open  the  locke  thereof :  and  to  the 
end  that  others  which  went  the  same  way  should  not  make 
wise  to  bee  sicke,  and  by  this  meanes  died  they  all :  and 
in  the  high-wayes  were  left  all  those  people  which  hee 
made  his  purchase  of  out  of  Quito,  and  of  Pasto,  and  of 
Quilla  Cangua,  and  of  Paxa,  and  of  Popayan,  and  of 
Lili,  and  ofCali,  and  of  Anzerma,  and  a  great  number  of 
people  died.  Also  immediatly  upon  their  returne  to  the 
great  Citie,  they  entred  into  it,  slaying  all  that  they  could : 
taking  in  that  day  moe  then  three  hundred  persons,  &c. 

AMong  divers  the  remedies  by  Friar  De  las  Casas 
Bishop  of  the  Royal  Towne  called  Chiapa,  pro- 
pounded in  the  assemblie  of  sundry  Prelates  named 
Parsons,  by  his  Majesties  commandement  gathered 
together  in  the  Towne  of  Valladolid,  the  yeere  of  our 
Lord  1542.  for  order  and  reformation  to  be  observed  in 
the  Indies :  the  eighth  in  order  was  this  ensuing,  which 
consisteth  upon  twentie  reasons  and  motions. 
The  eight  Remedie,  is  among  all  other  principall  and 

165 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

most  in  force,  as  without  which  all  the  rest  are  to  no 
purpose,  for  that  they  all  have  relation  thereunto,  as  every 
motion  to  his  proper  end,  in  whatsoever  toucheth  or  is  of 
any  importance  unto  your  Majestie,  which  no  man  can 
expresse :  in  as  much  as  thereupon  dependeth  at  the  least 
the  whole  losse  or  preservation  of  the  Indies.  And  the 
remedie  that  I  speake  of  is  this,  that  your  Majestie  doe 
determine,  decree,  command,  and  solenmely  in  yoxir 
soveraigne  Courts  ordaine  by  pragmaticall  Sanctions  and 
Royall  Statutes,  that  all  the  Indies  as  well  already  subdued, 
as  hereafter  to  be  subdued,  may  be  inserted,  reduced,  and 
incorporate  into  the  Royall  Crowne  of  Castile  and  Leon^ 
to  be  holden  in  chiefe  of  your  Majestie  as  free  subjects 
and  vassals,  as  they  are.  Likewise  that  they  be  not  given 
in  commendam  unto  the  Spaniards :  but  that  it  stand  as 
an  inviolable  constitution,  determination  and  Royall  Law, 
[IV.  viii.  that  they  never,  neither  at  this  time,  neither  hereafter  in 
159^0  time  to  come,  may  bee  alienated  or  taken  from  the  said 
Royall  Crowne,  neither  that  they  be  given,  com- 
manded, demised  in  fee  farme,  by  depost,  commande- 
ment  or  alienation,  either  under  any  other  title  or 
manner  whatsoever,  and  be  dismembred  from  the 
Royall  Crowne,  for  any  whatsoever  the  service  or  desert 
of  any,  either  upon  any  necessitie  that  may  happen,  or 
for  any  cause  or  colour  whatsoever  that  may  be  pretended. 
For  the  inviolable  observation,  or  establishment  of  which 
Law,  your  Majestie  shall  formally  sweare  by  your  Faith, 
and  on  your  Word  and  Rovall  Crowne,  and  by  all  other 
sacred  things,  whereby  Cnristian  Princes  doe  usuaUy 
sweare,  that  at  no  time  neither  your  selfe,  neither  your 
successours  in  these  ten  Dominions,  or  in  the  Indies,  so 
farre  as  in  you  shall  lie,  shall  revoke  the  same :  and  you 
shall  further  set  downe  in  expresse  words  in  your  Royall 
Will  and  Testament,  that  this  decree  be  ever  kept,  main- 
tayned,  and  upholden :  also  that  so  farre  as  in  your  selfe 
or  in  them  shall  lie,  they  shall  confirme  and  continue  the 
same.  And  for  proofe  of  the  necessitie  hereof,  there  bee 
twenty  reasons  to  be  alledged :  out  of  which  twenty  we 

166 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS 

have  drawne  and  put  in  writing  so  many  as  may  seeme 
to  serve  to  our  purpose. 

The  Spaniards  through  their  great  avarice  and  cbvetous- 
nesse  to  get,  doe  not  permit  any  religious  persons  to  enter 
into  their  Townes  and  Holds  which  they  possesse,  alledg- 
in^  that  they  receive  double  lossc  by  them.  One  and  the 
pnncipall  is,  that  religious  persons  doe  keepe  the  Indies 
occupied  when  they  gather  them  together  to  their  Sermons, 
so  as  in  the  meane  time  their  worke  is  omitted,  while  the 
Indians  bein^  idle,  labour  not :  vea,  it  hath  so  fallen  out, 
that  the  Indians  being  in  the  Church  at  the  Sermon,  the 
Spaniard  comming  in,  in  the  face  of  al  the  people,  hath 
taken  fifty,  or  an  hundred,  or  so  many  as  he  hath  needed 
to  carrie  his  baggage  and  stufFe,  and  such  as  would  not 
^oe^  he  hath  loden  with  stripes,  spurnins  them  forth  with 
his  feet,  thereby,  to  the  great  gnefe  boSi  of  the  Indians, 
and  of  the  religious  persons  troubling  and  molesting  all 
that  were  present,  &c. 

The  Spaniards  are  charged  to  instruct  the  Indians  in  our 
holy  Catholike  Faith:  whereupon  on  a  time  when  we 
examined  John  Colmenere  of  Saint  Martha,  a  fantasticall 
ignorant,  and  foolish  man,  who  had  gotten  a  great  Towne 
in  commendam,  and  had  a  charge  of  soules,  he  could  not 
tell  how  to  blesse  himselfe :  and  asking  him  what  doctrine 
he  taught  the  Indians  committed  to  his  charge,  he  said, 
he  gave  them  to  the  Devill :  also  that  it  was  enough  for 
him  to  say.  Per  signim  sanctin  Cruces.  How  can  the 
Spaniards  that  traveU  to  the  Indies,  how  noble  or  valiant 
soever  they  be,  have  any  care  of  the  soules,  when  the  most 
of  them  are  ignorant  of  their  Creede  and  ten  Commande- 
ments,  and  knowe  not  the  matters  pertayning  to  their 
owne  salvation,  neither  doe  travell  to  the  Indies  for  any 
other  purpose  but  to  satisfie  their  owne  desires  and 
covetous  affections,  being  for  the  most  part  vicious,  cor- 
rupt, unhonest,  and  disordinate  persons :  so  as  hee  that 
would  weigh  them  in  an  equall  ballance,  and  compare  them 
with  the  Indians,  should  finde  the  Indians  without  com- 


A.D. 

1542. 


Extract  out  of 
the  second 
reason. 


Out  of  the 
third  reason. 


panson,  more  vertuous 


and  holy 
167 


then  them.     For  the 


A.D. 
1542. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


Indians  what  Infidels  soever  they  be,  doe  neverthelesse 
keepe  them  to  one  and  their  owne  wife,  as  nature  and 
necessitie  teacheth,  and  yet  we  see  some  Spaniard  have 
fourteene  or  more,  which  Gods  Commandements  doe  for- 
bid. The  Indians  devoure  no  mans  goods,  they  doe  no 
man  wrong :  they  doe  not  vexe,  trouble,  or  slay  any,  where 
themselves  doe  see  the  Spaniards  commit  all  sinnes, 
iniquities,  and  treacheries,  that  man  can  commit  against 
all  equitie  and  justice.  To  be  briefe,  the  Indians  doe  not 
beleeve  any  things,  but  doe  mocke  at  all  that  is  shewed 
them  of  God,  bemg  in  truth  fully  rooted  in  this  opinion 
of  our  God,  that  he  is  the  worst,  and  most  unjust,  and  the 
most  wicked  of  all  Gods,  because  he  hath  such  servants : 
also  concerning  your  Majestie,  they  thinke  you  the  most 
unjust  and  cruel!  of  all  Kings,  because  you  doe  both  send 
thither  and  keepe  here  such  evill  Subjects,  supposing 
that  your  Majestie  doth  feed  upon  humane  flesh  md 
bloud. 

The  Spaniards  having  authoritie  to  command,  or 
particular  interest  in  the  Indies,  cannot  by  reason  of 
their  great  covetousnesse  abstaine  from  afflicting, 
troubling,  disquieting,  vexing,  or  oppressing  the  Indians, 
taking  away  tneir  goods,  lands,  wives,  or  children,  and 
using  among  them  many  other  kindes  of  iniquitie,  for  the 
which  they  can  have  no  redresse,  sanction,  or  warrant  at 
your  Majesties  chiefe  Justice,  because  the  Spaniards  doe 
make  them  afraide:  yea  sometimes  doe  kill  them, 
lest  they  should  complaine.  They  doe  night  and 
day  mourne  after  their  Gods,  thinking  them  to  be 
better  then  ours  at  whom  they  sustaine  suda  harmes,  while 
contrariwise  of  their  owne  they  reape  there  so  many 
commodities:  and  there  is  nothing  that  troubleth  them 
so  much  as  the  Christians. 
Out  of  the  fifth  Wee  can  shew  to  your  Majestie,  that  the  Spaniards  have 
reason,  within  eight  and  thirty  or  forty  yeeres  slaine  of  just 

accompt,  above  twelve  millions  of  your  Subjects :  I  will 
not  say  how  mightily  this  world  of  people  might  have 
multiplied.     This  Countrey  being  the  fertilest,  whether 

168 


Out  of  the 
fourth  reason, 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

154a. 

for  cattell,  or  mankindc,  that  is  in  the  world :  the  soyle 
being  for  the  most  part,  more  temperate  and  favourable 
to  humane  generation.  All  these  innimierable  persons, 
and  aU  these  people  have  the  Spaniards  slaine,  to  the  end 
to  beare  sway,  governe,  and  command  over  the  rest: 
and  when  in  unjust  warres  they  have  slaine  them,  then 
doe  they  use  the  rest,  who  justly  have  withstood  them,  in 
drawing  Gold  and  Silver,  yoking  them  together  like  beasts, 
to  make  them  carrie  their  burdens. 

What  plague  of  pestilence,  or  mortalitie  could  there  [IV.  viii. 
have  fallen  from  heaven  that  had  beene  able  to  consume  "5990 

or  make  waste  above  2500.  leagues  of  flat  Country, 
replenished  with  people,  and  would  not  have  left  either 
travailer  or  inhabitant? 

The  Spaniards  onely  for  their  temporall  commoditie.  Out  of  the 
have  blemished  the  Indies  with  the  greatest  infamie,  that  ^^**^  reason, 
any  man  even  among  the  most  horrible  and  villanous 
persons  in  the  world,  could  be  charged  withall,  and 
whereby  they  have  sought  to  take  them  out  of  the  degree 
of  mankinde :  namely  that  they  were  all  polluted  with 
the  abominable  sinne  against  nature :  which  is  a  wretched 
and  false  slander.  For  in  all  the  great  lies,  Hispaniola, 
Saint  John,  Cuba,  and  Jamaica:  Also  in  the  sixtie  lies 
of  Lucayos,  which  were  inhabited  with  an  infinite  number 
of  people,  the  same  was  never  thought  upon ;  in  some 
other  part  there  is  a  voice  of  a  few:  for  whose  sakes 
neverthelesse  all  that  world  is  not  to  be  condemned.  We 
may  say  as  much  of  the  eating  of  mans  flesh,  which  like^ 
wise  those  places  that  I  have  named  are  free  of ;  although 
that  in  other  places  they  doe  it  indeede.  They  be  also 
charged  with  their  Idolatrie.  The  Spaniards  have  pur- 
posely and  effectually  hindered  the  teadiing  of  the  Law  of 
God  and  Jesus  Christ :  with  all  other  vertues  among  the 
Indians,  and  driven  away  the  Religious  persons  out  of 
Townes  and  Fortresses,  least  they  should  see  and  disclose 
their  tyrannies:  yea,  they  have  by  their  evill  example, 
infected  and  corrupted  the  Indies,  teaching  them  many 
odious  behaviours  and  vices,  which  before  they  knew  not, 

169 


I 


A.D. 
1542. 


PURCHAS  F  VxX/^i?/JJfgg, 

Indians  what  Infidels  sr  ^    ^mst,  P^actLiiV 

keepe  them  to  one  an  ^  ^^^^^^tio^s    ^^ 

necessitie  teacheth,  ai;    ^ 

fourteene  or  more,  ^4;  /l^cuaug  * 

bid.     The  Indians  J  ^  '*ave  . 

man  wrong:  ^^^y^il^^      -  ^s 

themselves   doe '  f  y         ^^  * 

iniquities,  and  J^r'  "^  cXien  a. 

all  equitie  and  j  *  ^j,  and  sorrowx. 

beleeve  any,^  .dume  a  thousand  m* 

them  of  Gr 

of  our  Gof  -.dians  doe  indure  in  serving  anr? 

most  wic'^  -s,  there  is  yet  a  butcher  or  ?rue5 

also  cor  "^  -  them  in  awe  appointed  in  every  Town 

unjust   i  IS  tearmed  Estanciero  or  Calpisque :  who 

thithf     '       ae  to  lay  his  clawes  upon  them,  and  to  make 

that  or,  and  doe  what  the  Lord  Commander  or  chiefe 

blf  •        v^ill.     So  as  if  in  hell  there  were  no  other  torment. 

Out  of  the  were  this  incomparable.     This  hangman  whipped) 

JburtA  reason.       ^^^  he  ladeth  them  with  stripes,  he  basteth  them  ?^th 

^ding  grease,  he  afflicteth  them  with  continuall  torments 

and  travels,  hee  forceth  and  defloureth  their  daughters 

and  wives,  dishonouring  and  abusing  them :  he  devoureth 

their  Hens,  which  are  their  greatest  treasure,  not  because 

themselves  doe  eate  them,  but  that  of  them  they  offer 

presents  and  service  to  their  greatest  Lord  and  chiefe 

tyrant :  he  vexeth  them  with  innumerable  other  torments 

and  ^iefes :  and  least  they  should  complaine  of  so  many 

injuries  and  miseries,  this  tyrant  putteth  them  in  feare 

saying;    that  hee  will  accuse  them,  and  say  that  he  see 

them  commit  Idolatry.     To  be  briefe,  they  must  please 

and  content  above  twenty  disordinate  and  unreasonable 

persons ;  so  as  they  have  toure  Lords  and  Masters,    Your 

Majestie,  their  Cacique,  him  that  hath  them  in  com- 

mendam,  and  the  Estanciero  of  whom  I  last  spake,  which 

Estanciero  is  to  them  more  grievous  to  beare  then    a 

quintall  of  lead,  among  which  we  may  also  in  truth  adde 

all  the  Mochachos  and  Moores,  that  doe  serve  the  Com- 

170 


^^5  ^Jj^  .  ntaincs,  there  to 

^^  ^'^  "*  ^  Teibre  required 

'  J  ^  /fsitor  with  his 

6  '  ig  a  pitched 

^o  ff^^^  ^^^-  it  were  an 

^  ^  *e  great  dco  ^  them  so 

^i  that  of  so  great  treasv,  of  their 

th^  Indies  into  Spaine  (the  W  of  the 

gjlver,    neither  King  Salomon,   nc. 
worldly  prince  ever  had,  saw,  or  heard  of)  l.  ^her 

left  besides  that  of  that  that  was  here  before  tu  'es 

were  discovered,  there  is  now  none  to  be  found,  no  i,      \ 
a  whit.     Hereof  it  commeth  that  things  are  thrise  deatt, 
then  they  were,  the  poore  that  have  want  doe  suffer  grc^^ 
miseries :  and  your  Majestie  cannot  dispatch  matters  of 
great  importance. 

So  long  as  Lares  bare  sway  and  ruled,  that  was  nine  o^ 
ycsareSy   there  was  no  more  care  of  teaching  or  bringing  ei^^^ 
the  Indians  to  salvation,  neither  was  there  any  more  kbor  ^'*^. 
employed,  or  once  thought  of  to  that  purpose,  then  if 
they  bad  beene  Trees,  Stones,  Dogs,  or  Cats.     He  wasted 

freat  toi^nes  and  fortresses,  he  »ve  to  one  Spaniard  a 
undred  Indians,  to  another  fiftie,  to  another  more  or 
lesse,  as  every  man  was  in  liking  or  favour,  and  as  it 
pleased  him  to  grant.  He  gave  children,  and  old  men, 
women  i^ith  childe,  and  in  childebed,  men  of  countenance 
and  commons,  the  naturall  Lords  of  the  Townes  and 
Countries,  he  parted  them  among  those  to  whom  hee 
wished  most  wealth  and  commoditie,  using  in  his  Letters 
of  command  this  speech  following:  To  you  such  a  man, 
are  given  so  many  Indians  with  their  Cacique,  them  to 
use  in  their  Mines  and  affaires.  So  as  all,  great  and  small, 
yonc'  and  old,  that  could  stand  on  their  feete,  men,  women 
with  childe,  or  in  childebed,  one  or  other,  travailed  and 
wrought  so  long  as  they  had  any  breath  in  their  bodies. 

171 


A.D. 
1542. 


^«W 


A.D. 

1542. 


Out  of  the 
seventh  reason. 


Out  of  the 
eight  reason. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

as  blaspheming  the  name  of  Jesus  Christ,  practising  of 
usurie,  lying,  and  many  other  abhominations  wholly 
repugnant  to  their  nature. 

The  Spaniards  doe  sucke  from  the  Indians  the  whole 
substance  of  their  bodies,  because  they  have  nothing  else 
in  their  houses.  They  make  them  spit  bloud:  They 
exhibite  them  to  all  dangers :  They  lay  upon  them  sundry 
and  intollerable  travailes:  and  more  then  all  this,  They 
loade  them  with  torments,  beatings,  and  sorrowings :  To 
be  briefe,  they  spoile  and  consume  a  thousand  manner 
of  wayes. 

Besides  all  that  the  Indians  doe  indure  in  serving  and 
pleasing  the  Spaniards,  there  is  yet  a  butcher  or  cruell 
hangman,  to  keepe  them  in  awe  appointed  in  every  Towne 
and  place,  and  is  tearmed  Estanciero  or  Calpisque :  who 
hath  authoritie  to  lay  his  dawes  upon  them,  and  to  make 
them  laboiir,  and  doe  what  the  Lord  Commander  or  chiefe 
thiefe  will.  So  as  if  in  hell  there  were  no  other  torment, 
yet  were  this  incomparable.  This  hangman  whippeth 
them,  he  ladeth  them  with  stripes,  he  basteth  them  with 
scalding  grease,  he  afflicteth  them  with  continuall  torments 
and  travels,  hee  forceth  and  defloureth  their  daughters 
and  wives,  dishonouring  and  abusing  them :  he  devoureth 
their  Hens,  which  are  their  fi[reatest  treasure,  not  because 
themselves  doe  eate  them,  but  that  of  them  they  offer 
presents  and  service  to  their  greatest  Lord  and  chiefe 
tyrant :  he  vexeth  them  with  innumerable  other  torments 
and  griefes :  and  least  they  should  complaine  of  so  many 
injuries  and  miseries,  this  tyrant  putteth  them  in  feare, 
saying;  that  hee  will  accuse  them,  and  say  that  he  see 
them  commit  Idolatry.  To  be  briefe,  they  must  please 
and  content  above  twenty  disordinate  and  unreasonable 
persons ;  so  as  they  have  foure  Lords  and  Masters.  Your 
Majestic,  their  Clique,  him  that  hath  them  in  com- 
mendam,  and  the  Estanciero  of  whom  I  last  spake,  which 
Estanciero  is  to  them  more  grievous  to  beare  then  a 
quintall  of  lead,  among  which  we  may  also  in  truth  adde 
all  the  Mochachos  and  Moores,  that  doe  serve  the  Com- 

170 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS   CASAS 


A.D. 
1542. 


mander  and  Master,  for  they  all  doe  molest,  oppresse,  and 
rob  these  poore  people. 

It  is  greatly  to  be  feared,  least  God  will  lay  Spaine  Out  <f  the 
desolate,  even  for  those  horrible  sinnes  that  this  Nation  ^^  '*''''^- 
hath  committed  in  the  Indies,  whereof  we  doe  evidently 
behold  the  scourge,  and  all  the  world  doth  see  and  confesse 
that  already  it  hangeth  over  our  heads,  wherewith  God 
doth  afflict  and  shew  that  he  is  highly  offended  in  those 
parts  through  the  great  destruction  and  waste  of  those 
Nations,  in  that  of  so  great  treasures  have  bin  transported 
out  of  the  Indies  into  Spaine  (the  like  quantitie  or  Gold 
and  Silver,  neither  King  Salomon,  neither  any  other  Vou, 
worldly  Prince  ever  had,  saw,  or  heard  of)  there  is  none 
left,  besides  that  of  that  that  was  here  before  the  Indies 
were  discovered,  there  is  now  none  to  be  found,  no  never 
a  whit.  Hereof  it  commeth  that  things  are  thrise  dearer 
then  they  were,  the  poore  that  have  want  doe  suffer  great 
miseries:  and  your  Majestie  cannot  dispatch  matters  of 
great  importance. 

So  long  as  Lares  bare  sway  and  ruled,  that  was  nine  Out  of  the 
yeares,  there  was  no  more  care  of  teaching  or  bringing  ^^^^^ 
the  Indians  to  salvation,  neither  was  there  any  more  labor  ''^'''^' 
employed,  or  once  thought  of  to  that  purpose,  then  if 
rhey  had  beene  Trees,  Stones,  Dogs,  or  Cats.     He  wasted 

freat  townes  and  fortresses,  he  gave  to  one  Spaniard  a 
undred  Indians,  to  another  fiftie,  to  another  more  or 
lesse,  as  every  man  was  in  liking  or  favoiir,  and  as  it 
pleased  him  to  grant.  He  gave  children,  and  old  men, 
women  with  childe,  and  in  childebed,  men  of  countenance 
and  conmions,  the  naturall  Lords  of  the  Townes  and 
Countries,  he  parted  them  among  those  to  whom  hee 
wished  most  wealth  and  commoditie,  using  in  his  Letters 
of  command  this  speech  following :  To  you  such  a  man, 
are  given  so  many  Indians  with  their  Cacique,  them  to 
use  in  their  Mines  and  affaires.  So  as  all,  great  and  small, 
yong  and  old,  that  could  stand  on  their  feete,  men,  women 
with  childe,  or  in  childebed,  one  or  other,  travailed  and 
wrought  so  long  as  they  had  any  breath  in  their  bodies. 

171 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

He  gave  leave  to  take  away  married  men,  and  to  make 
them  draw  Gold,  tenne,  twenty,  thirtic,  fortie,  or  eightie 
leagues,  or  farther.  The  women  remained  in  &rme  houses 
[IV.  viii.  and  granges,  in  great  labours.  So  that  the  man  and  wife 
1600.]  should  not  see  one  another  in  eight  or  ten  moneths  or  a 
whole  yeare.  And  at  their  meeting  they  were  so  wome 
with  labour  and  hunger,  that  they  had  no  minde  of  cohabi- 
tation, whereby  their  generation  ceased,  and  their  poore 
children  perished,  because  the  mothers  through  hunger 
and  travaile  had  no  milke  wherewith  to  nourish  them: 
This  was  a  cause  that  in  the  He  of  Cuba,  one  of  us  being 
there,  there  perished  in  the  space  of  three  moneths  for 
hunger  7000.  children,  some  desperate  women  strangled 
and  killed  their  owne  children,  others  finding  themselves 
with  childe,  did  eate  certaine  hearbes  thereby  to  loose  their 
fhiit,  so  that  the  men  died  in  the  Mines,  the  women 
perished  in  the  farme  houses,  their  whole  generation  in  a 
short  space  decayed,  and  all  the  Countrey  lay  desolate. 
The  said  Governour,  to  the  end  without  release  to  keepe 
them  in  contin\iall  labour,  still  gave  them  away,  and  yet 
besides  their  great  labors  he  suffered  them  rigorously,  and 
very  austerely  to  be  misused.  For  the  Spaniards  that  had 
them  in  command,  appointed  certaine  hangmen  over  them, 
some  in  the  Mines,  whom  they  tearmed  Miniero,  others 
in  the  Farmes,  that  were  called  Estanciero:  imnaturall 
and  pittilesse  persons  that  beate  them  with  staves  and 
cords,  boxing  them,  pricking  them  with  needles,  and  still 
calling  them  dogges:  neither  did  they  ever  shew  any 
signe  of  humanity  or  clemencie,  but  all  their  dealings  did 
consist  of  extreame  severitie,  riot,  and  bitternesse. 

The  Governour  had  also  in  the  Spanish  Townes  and 
Forts,  certaine  of  the  most  honorable  and  principall  persons 
about  him,  whom  he  called  Visitors,  unto  whom  also 
besides  their  other  ordinary  portions  that  he  had  given 
them,  he  gave  in  respect  of^  their  offices  one  hundred 
Indians  to  serve  them.     These  in  the  Townes  were  the 

freatest  executioners,  as  being  more  cruell  then  the  rest, 
efore  whom  Athuaziles  del  camoo  brought  all  such  as 

172 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE  LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1542. 

had  bin  taken  in  this  chase.  The  accuser,  he  that  had 
them  in  command,  was  present,  and  accused  them,  saying ; 
This  Indian,  or  those  Indians  are  dogs,  and  will  doe  no 
service,  but  doe  daily  run  to  the  Mountaines,  there  to 
become  loyterers  and  vagabonds :  and  therefore  required 
that  they  might  be  punished.  Then  the  Visitor  with  his 
owne  hands  bound  them  to  a  Pale,  and  taking  a  pitched 
cord,  in  the  Gallies  called  an  Eele,  which  is  as  it  were  an 
iron  rod,  gave  them  so  many  stripes,  and  beate  them  so 
cruelly,  diat  the  bloud  running  downe  divers  parts  of  their 
bodies,  they  were  left  for  dead.  God  is  witnesse  of  the 
cruelties  committed  among  those  lambs. 

Throughout  the  yeare  they  never  knew  holiday,  neither 
might  be  suffered  from  labour  little  or  much.  Besides 
that  during  all  this  toyle,  they  never  had  sufficient  food, 
no  not  of  Cafabi.  Some  there  were  that  through  niggard- 
linesse  wanting  meate  to  give  them,  wovdd  send  them 
two  or  three  dayes  abroad  into  the  fields  and  Mountaines, 
to  feede  where  they  might  satisfie  themselves  with  such 
fruite  as  hang  on  the  trees,  and  then  upon  the  force  of  that 
which  they  brought  in  their  guts,  would  force  them  to 
labour  two  or  three  dayes  more  without  giving  them  any 
one  morsell  to  eate.  The  Governour  commanded  they 
should  be  paid  their  day  wages  and  expences  for  any  labour 
or  service  that  they  should  doe  to  the  Spaniard,  and  their 
wages  was  three  blankes  every  two  dayes,  which  in  the 
yeare  amounted  to  halfe  a  Gistelin.  Thus  grew  they  into 
sickenesse  through  long  and  grievous  travailes,  and  that 
was  soone  caught  among  them.  When  the  Spaniards  per- 
ceived the  sickenesse  increase,  so  as  there  was  no  profit  or 
service  to  be  looked  for  at  their  hands,  then  would  they 
send  them  home  to  their  houses,  giving  them  to  spend  in 
some  thirty,  forty,  or  eightie  leagues  travaile,  some  halfe 
dozen  of  Radish  or  Refortes,  mat  is  a  kinde  of  navet 
roote,  and  a  little  Cafabi,  wherewith  the  poore  men 
travailed  not  faire  before  they  should  desperately  dye, 
some  went  two  or  three  leagues,  some  ten  or  twenty,  so 
desirous  to  get  to  their  owne  home,  there  to  finish  their 

173 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1542. 

hellish  life  that  they  suffered,  that  they  even  fell  dowtie 
dead  by  the  wayes;  so  as  many  times  we  found  some 
dead,  others  at  deaths  doore,  others  groning  and  pittifully 
to  their  powers  pronouncing  this  word,  hunger,  hunger. 
Then  the  Governoxu-  seeing  that  the  Spaniard  had  in  this 
wise  slaine  halfe  or  two  third  parts  of  these  Indians,  whom 
hee  had  given  them  in  command,  he  came  a  fresh  to  draw 
new  lots,  and  make  a  new  distribution  of  Indians:  still 
supplying  the  number  of  his  first  gift,  and  this  did  hee 
almost  every  yeare. 

Pedrarias  entred  into  the  firme  land,  as  a  Wolfe  that 
had  long  beene  starved  doth  into  a  flocke  of  quiet  and 
innocent  Sheepe  and  Lambs:  and  as  Gods  wrath  and 
scourge,  committing  infinite  slaughters,  robberies,  oppres- 
sions and  cruelties,  together  with  those  Spaniards  whom 
he  had  levied,  and  kid  waste  so  many  Townes  and 
Villages,  which  before  had  bin  replenished  with  people^ 
as  it  were  Ant  hils,  as  the  like  was  never  seene,  heard  of,. 
or  written  by  any  that  in  our  daies  have  dealt  in  Histories. 
He  robbed  his  Majestie  &  Subjects  with  those  whom  he 
tooke  with  him,  and  the  harme  that  he  did  amounted  to 
above  foure,  yea  six  Millions  of  Gold:  hee  laid  above 
fortie  leagues  of  land  desart,  namely  from  Darien,  where 
he  first  arrived,  unto  the  Province  of  Nicaraga,  one  of  the 
fruitfuUest,  richest  and  best  inhabited  lands  in  the  world. 
From  this  cursed  wretch  sprang  first  the  pestilence  of 
giving  the  Indians  in  command,  which  afterward  hath 
mfected  all  those  Indies  where  any  Spaniards  doe  inhabit, 
and  by  whom  aU  these  Nations  are  consumed;  so  that 
from  him  &  his  commands  have  proceeded  the  certaine 
waste  and  desolation  that  yoxu*  Majestie  have  sustained 
in  these  so  great  lands  and  dominions,  since  the  yeare 
1504. 
When  we  shall  say  that  the  Spaniards  have  wasted  your 
[IV.  viii.  Majesties,  and  laid  you  desolate  seven  Kingdomes  bigger 
1 60 1.]  then  Spaine,  you  must  conceive  that  we  have  seene  £em 
wonderfully  peopled,  and  now  there  is  no  body  left, 
because  the  Spaniards  have  slaine  all  the  naturall  inhabitants. 

174 


BARTHOLOMEW   DE  LAS  CASAS  ad. 

1542. 
by  mcanes  aforesaid,  and  that  of  the  Townes  and  Houses 
there  remaineth  onely  the  bare  wals:  even  as  if  Spaine 
were  all  dispeopled,  and  that  all  the  people  being  dead, 
there  remained  onely  the  wals  of  Cities,  Townes  and 
Castels. 

Your  Majestie  have  not  out  of  all  the  Indies  one  Out  of  the  i^. 
marvedy  of  certaine  perpetuall  and  set  rent,  but  the  whole  '*^^^- 
revenewes  are  as  leaves  and  straw  gathered  upon  the  earth, 
which  being  once  gathered  up  doe  grow  no  more :  even  so 
is  all  the  rent  that  your  Majestie  hath  in  the  Indies,  vaine 
and  of  as  small  continuance  as  a  blast  of  winde,  and  that 
proceedeth  onely  of  that  the  Spaniards  have  had  the 
Indians  in  their  power;  and  as  they  doe  daily  slay  and 
rost  the  inhabitants,  so  must  it  necessarily  ensue  that  your 
Majesties  rights  and  rents  doe  wast  and  diminish. 

The  Kingdomc  of  Spaine  is  in  great  danger  to  be  lost, 
robbed,  oppressed  and  made  desolate  by  forraigne  Nations, 
namely  by  the  Turkes  and  Moores,  because  that  God  who 
is  the  most  just,  true,  and  soveraigne  King  over  all  the 
world,  is  wroth  for  the  great  sinnes  and  of^nces  that  the 
Spaniards  have  committed  throughout  the  Indies.  But  had 
chosen  Spaine  as  his  minister  and  instrument,  to  illuminate 
and  bring  them  to  his  knowledge,  and  as  it  had  bin  for  a 
worldly  recompence,  besides  the  eternall  reward,  had 
granted  her  so  great  naturall  riches,  and  discovered  for  her 
such  and  so  great  fruitfuU  and  pleasant  lands,  &c. 

In  as  much  as  our  life  is  short,  I  doe  take  God  to 
witnesse  with  all  the  Hierarchies  and  thrones  of  Angels, 
all  the  Saints  of  the  heavenly  court,  and  all  the  men  in 
the  world ;  yea,  even  those  that  shall  hereafter  be  borne, 
of  the  certificate  that  here  I  doe  exhibite :  also  of  this  the 
discharge  of  my  conscience,  namely  that  if  his  Majestie 
granteth  to  the  Spaniards  the  aforesaid  divellish  and 
tjrrannous  partition,  notwithstanding  whatsoever  lawes  or 
statutes  shall  be  devised,  vet  will  the  Indies  in  short  space 
be  laid  desart  and  dispeopled,  even  as  the  He  of  Hispaniola 
is  at  this  present,  which  otherwise  would  be  most  fruitfull 
and  fertile;    together  with  other  the  lies  &  lands  above 

17s 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

^542. 

30CXD.  leagues  about,  besides  Hispaniola  it  selfe  and  other 
lands  both  farre  and  neere.  And  for  those  sinnes,  as  the 
holy  Scripture  doth  very  weU  informe,  God  will  horribly 
chastize,  and  peradventure  whoUy  subvert  and  roote  out 
all  Spaine.     Anno  1542. 

The  summe  of  the  disputation  betwecne  Fryer 
Bartholomew  de  las  Casas  or  Casaus,  and 
Doctor  Sepulueda. 

DOctor    Sepulueda,    the    Emperours    chronographer, 
having  information,  and  being  perswaded  by  certaine 
of  those  Spaniards,  who  were  most  guiltie  in  the  slaughters 
and  wastes  committed  among  the  Indian  People,  wrote  a 
Booke  in  Latine,  in  forme  of  a  Dialogue  very  eloquently, 
and  furnished  with  all  flowers,  and  precepts  of  Rhetoricke, 
as  indeede  the  man  is  very  learned  and  excellent  in  the 
said  tongue :  which  Booke  consisted  upon  two  principall 
conclusions ;   the  one,  That  the  Spaniards  warres  against 
the  Indians,  were  as  concerning  the  cause  and  equitie  that 
moved  them  thereto,  very  just:  also,  that  generally  the 
like  warre  may  and  ought  to  be  continued.     His  other 
conclusion,  that  the  Inmans  are  bound  to  submit  them- 
selves to  the  Spaniards  government,  as  the  foolish  to  the 
wise :  if  they  will  not  yeelde,  then  that  the  Spaniards  may 
(as  he  aflteneth)  warre  upon  them.     These  are  the  two 
causes  of  the  losse  and  destruction  of  so  infinite  nimibers 
of  people:  also  that  above  2000.  leagues  of  the  maine 
land,  are  by  sundry  new  kindes  of  Spanish  cruelties  and 
inhumaine  dealings  bin  left  desolate  in  the  Hands :  namely 
by  Conquests  and  Commands  as  hee  now  nameth  those 
which  were  wont  to  be  called  Partitions. 

The  said  Doctor  Sepulueda  coloureth  his  Treatise,  under 
the  pretence  of  publishing  the  title  which  the  Kings  of 
Castile  and  Leon  doe  ch^enge  in  the  government  and 
universall  soveraigntie  of  this  Indian  world;  so  seeking 
to  cloake  that  doctrine  which  he  endevoureth  to  disperse 
and  scatter  as  well  in  these  lands,  as  also  throufi^h  the 
Kingdomes  of  the  Indians.     This  Booke  he  exhibited  to 

176 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS   CASAS  ad. 

1547- 
the  royall  Cauncell  of  the  Indies,  very  earnestly  and 
importunately  lying  upon  them  for  licence  to  print  it, 
which  they  sundry  times  denied  him  in  respect  of  the 
offence,  dangers,  and  manifest  detriment,  that  it  seemed 
to  bringto  me  Common-wealth. 

The  Doctor  seeing  that  here  he  could  not  publish  his 
Booke,  for  that  the  Counsell  of  the  Indies  would  not  suffer 
it,  he  dealt  so  farre  with  his  friends  that  followed  the 
Emperours  Court,  that  they  got  him  a  Patent,  whereby 
his  Majestie  directed  him  to  the  royall  Counsell  of  Castile, 
who  knew  nothing  of  the  Indian  affaires:  upon  the 
comming  of  these  Letters  the  Court  and  Counsell  being 
at  Aranda  in  Duero,  the  yeare  1547.  Fryer  Bartholomew 
de  las  Casas  or  Casaus,  Bishop  of  the  royall  townc  of 
Chiapa,  by  hap  arrived  there,  comming  from  the  Indians, 
and  having  intelligence  of  Doctor  Sepulueda  his  drifts 
and  devises,  had  notice  also  of  the  Contents  of  his  whole 
Booke :  but  understanding  the  Authors  pernicious  blinde- 
nesse,  as  also  the  irrecoverable  losses  that  might  ensue 
upon  the  printing  of  this  Booke,  with  might  and  maine 
withstood  it,  discovering  and  revealing  the  poyson  where-  [IV.  viii. 
with  it  abounded,  and  whereto  it  pretended.  ^^°^] 

The  Lords  of  the  Royall  Counsaile  of  Castile,  as  wise 
and  just  Judges,  determined  therefore  to  send  the  said 
Booke  to  the  Universities  of  Salamanca  and  Alcala,  the 
matter  being  for  the  most  part  therein  Theologically 
handled,  vnm  commandement  to  examine  it,  ancf  if  it 
might  bee  printed,  to  signe  it :  which  Universities  after 
many  exact  and  diligent  disputations,  concluded,  that  it 
might  not  be  printeo,  as  contayning  corrupt  doctrine. 

The  Doctor  not  so  satisfied,  but  complaning  of  the 
Universities  aforesaid,  determined,  notwithstanding  so 
many  denials  and  repidses  at  both  the  Royall  Counsailes, 
to  send  his  Treatise  to  his  friends  at  Rome,  to  the  end 
there  to  print  it,  having  fiorst  transformed  it  into  a  certaine 
Apologie  written  to  tne  Bishop  of  Segovia,  because  the 
same  Bishop  having  perused  the  Treatie  and  Booke  afore- 
said, had  brotherly  and  charitably  as  his  friend  by  Letters 
XVIII  177  M 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1547- 

reprooved  and  counsailed  him.  The  Emperour  under- 
standing of  the  Impression  of  the  said  Booke  and 
Apologie,  did  immediately  dispatch  his  Letters  Patents, 
for  the  calling  in  and  suppression  of  the  same,  commanding 
likewise  to  gather  in  againe  all  Copies  thereof  throughout 
Castile.  For  the  said  Doctour  had  published  also  m  the 
Castilian  Language  a  certaine  abstract  of  the  said  Booke> 
thereby  to  make  it  more  common  to  all  the  Land :  and 
to  the  end  also  that  the  Commons,  and  such  as  understood 
no  Latine,  might  have  some  use  thereof,  as  being  a 
matter  agreeable  and  toothsome  to  such  as  coveted  great 
riches,  and  sought  wayes  to  clime  to  other  estates,  then 
either  themselves,  or  their  Predecessors  could  never  attaine 
unto  without  great  cost,  kboxu*,  and  cares,  and  oftentimes 
with  the  losse  and  destruction  of  divers. 

Which  when  the  Bishop  of  Chiapa  understood,  hee 
determined  also  to  write  an  Apologie  in  the  vulgar  tongue, 
against  the  said  Doctors  sununarie  in  defence  of  the  Indies, 
therein  impugning  and  undermining  his  foundations,  and 
answering  all  reasons,  or  whatsoever  the  Doctor  could 
alleage  for  himselfe,  therein  displaying  and  setting  before 
the  peoples  face  the  dangers,  inconveniences  and  harmes 
in  the  said  doctrine  contained. 

Thus  as  many  things  passed  on  both  sides,  his  Majestie 
in  the  yecre  1550.  called  to  Valadolid,  an  Assembly  of 
learned  men,  as  well  Divines  as  Lawyers,  who  beeing 
joyned  with  the  Royall  counsaile  of  the  Indies  should 
argue,  and  among  them  conclude,  whether  it  were  lawful! 
without  breach  of  Justice,  to  levie  warres,  commonly 
tearmed  conquests,  against  the  Inhabitants  of  those 
Countries,  without  any  new  offence  by  them  committed, 
their  infidelity  excepted. 

Doctor  Sepulueda  was  summoned  to  come  and  say  what 
he  could,  and  being  entred  the  Counsaile  Chamber,  did 
at  the  first  Session  utter  his  whole  minde.  Then  was  the 
said  Bishop  likewise  called,  who  for  the  space  of  five  dayes, 
continually  did  reade  his  Apologie:  but  being  somewhat 
long,  the  Divines  and  Lawyers  there  assembled,  besought 

178 


BARTHOLOMEW  DE   LAS  CASAS  a.d. 

1547- 
the  Learned  and  Reverend  Father  Dominicke  Soto  his 
Majesties  Confessor,  and  a  D9minican  Friar,  who  was  there 
present,  to  reduce  it  into  a  Summary,  and  to  make  so 
many  Copies  as  there  were  Lords,  that  is  fourteene,  to 
the  end  they  all  having  studied  upon  the  matter,  might 
afterward  in  the  feare  or  God  say  their  mindes. 

The  said  Reverend  Father  and  Master  Soto,  set  downe 
in  the  said  Summary,  the  Doctors  reasons,  with  the  Bishops 
answeres  to  the  same.  Then  had  the  Doctour  at  his 
request  a  Copie  delivered  him  to  answere :  out  of  which 
Summarie  he  gathered  twelve  against  himselfe,  whereto 
he  made  twelve  answeres,  against  which  answeres  the 
Bishop  framed  twelve  Replyes. 

Doctor  Sepulueda  his  Prologue  to  the  Lords  of  the 
Assembly,  beganne  thus.    Most  worthy  and  Noble  Lords, 
sith  your  Lordships  and  Graces  have  as  Judges  for  the 
space  of  five  or  sixe  dayes  heard  the  Lord  Bishop  of 
Chiapa  reade  that  Booke,  whereinto  he  hath  many  yeeres 
laboured  to  gather  all  the  reasons  that  either  himselfe,  or 
others  covdd  invent  to  prove  the  conquest  of  the  Indies 
to  be  unjust,  as  seeking  first  to  subdue  barbarous  Nations 
before  we  preach  the  Gospell  unto  them,  which  have  beene 
the  usuall  course  correspondent  to  the  grant  made  by  Pope 
Alexander  the  sixt,  which  all  Kings  and  Nations  have  Note^  the 
hitherto  taken  and  observed:  it  is  meete,  and  I  doe  so  Pof^sBuUis 
desire  you,  that  I  who  take  upon  me  to  defend  the  grant  ^'TfT'^'^j 
and  authority  of  the  Apostolike  Sea,  together  with  the  ^^l^toU 
equitie  and  honour  of  our  Kings  and  Nation,  &c.  see  To,  i.L  t. 

Out  of  which  Replies,  here  followeth  the  Abstract  of  ^.  i. 
two  that  stand  us  insteed.  The  report  is  untrue  that  the 
Indians  did  yeerely  sacrifice  in  New  Spaine  twenty 
thousand  persons :  either  one  hundred  or  fiftie.  For  had 
that  beene  so,  we  could  not  now  have  found  there  so 
much  people:  and  therefore  the  Tyrants  have  invented 
it,  thereby  to  excuse  and  justifie  their  Tyrannies :  also 
to  detaine  so  many  of  the  Indians  as  escaped  the  oppres- 
sion and  desolation  of  the  first  Vintage,  in  bondage  and 
tyrannie.    But  we  may  more  truely  say,  that  the  Spaniards 

179 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1547- 

during  their  abode  in  the  Indies,  have  yeerely  sacrificed 
to  their  so  deerely  beloved  and  reverend  Goddesse 
Covetousnesse  more  people,  then  the  Indians  have  done 
in  a  hundred  yeeres.  This  doc  the  Heavens,  the  Earth, 
the  Elements,  and  the  Starres  both  testifie  and  bewaile : 
the  Tyrants,  yea,  the  very  Ministers  of  these  mischiefes 
cannot  deny  it.  For  it  is  evident  how  greatly  these 
Countries  at  our  first  entrie  swarmed  with  people,  as  also 
how  wee  have  now  laid  it  waste,  and  dispeopled  the  same  : 
wee  might  even  blush  for  shame,  that  havmg  given  over 
all  feare  of  God,  wee  will  yet  neverthelesse  seeke  to  colour 
and  excuse  these  our  so  execrable  demeanours :  considering 
[IV.  viii.  that  only  for  getting  wealth  and  riches,  we  have  in  fortie 
1603.]  fiye  or  fortie  eight  yeeres,  wasted  and  consumed  more 
Land  then  all  Europe,  yea  and  part  of  Asia,  doe  in  length 
and  breadth  containe,  robbing  and  usurping  upon  that 
with  all  crueltie,  wrong,  and  tyrannie,  which  we  have 
seene  well  inhabited  with  humane  people,  among  whom 
"^Twenty  there  have  beene  slaine  and  destroyed  twentie  *  Millions 
MiWms  of  soules. 

tfi^ke\aith  ^^.  *^  twelfth  and  last  Reply  as  foDoweth,  The 
\z!^or  15.  Spaniards  have  not  entred  into  India  for  any  desire  to 
Miliums^  exalt  Gods  honour,  or  for  zeale  to  Christian  Religion,, 
which  uto  b0  either  to  fiivour,  and  procure  the  salvation  of  their  Neigh- 
*"^'*^^^^  hours,  no,  neither  for  their  Princes  service,  whereof  they 
^p!ui%tofaU  *^®  so  vainely  bnigge:  but  Covetousnesse  hath  brought 
the  Indiis.  them,  and  Ambition  bath  allured  them  to  the  perpetmH 
Teayonfyin  dominion  over  the  Indies,  which  they  as  Tyrants  and 
Ihw^patne,  Devils,  doe  covet  to  bee  parted  among  them:  and  to 
Gm^maL  speake  plainly  and  flatly,  doe  seeke  no  other  but  to  expcU 
VenezMilal  and  drive  the  Kin^s  of  Castile  out  of  all  that  Worid, 
Peruy  and  the  and  themselves  seizing  thereupon,  by  Tyrannie  to  usurpe 

Coast  of         and  take  upon  them  allRoyall  ^overeigntie. 

Parta^  he 

rechoneth  above  20.  Millions:  besides  three  MilTtons  in  Hispaniolay  halfe  a  Million  in  the 

Lueayos^  600000.  or  rather  a  MilRon  in  Jamaica^  and  Saint  Johns  I  lands:  800000.  in  Tern 

Firmoj  in  Nicaragna^  950000.  that  I  mention  not  the  innumerable  muUitndes  in  Cnba^  Pannca^ 

Florida^  XaliscOy  Yucatan^  Saint  Martha^  Carthagenoy  New  Granadoy  Riper  ofPlata^  (5ff . 

180 


A.D. 

1524-82. 


As  out  of 
OviedOf 

is  before 
observed. 


FRENCH   VOYAGES  TO  AMERICA 

Chap,  V. 

Notes  of  Voyages  and  Plantations  of  the  French 
in  the  Northerne  America  :  both  in  Florida 
and  Canada. 

F  the  French  Plantation  in  that  part  of 
Brasill  by  Villagaynon,  which  therefore 
Frier  Thevet  cdUed  France  Antarctike, 
you  have  seene  alreadie  in  Lerius. 
Besides  the  French  have  almost  from  the 
first  beginnings  oi  the  Spanish  Plantation, 
with  men  of  warrc  haunted  those  Coasts, 
and  taken  many  Spanish  prises.  The  French  have  also 
made  other  Discoveries,  and  setled  some  habitation  for  a 
time  in  the  Northerne  parts  of  the  New  World. 

John  Verrazano  a  Florentine  was  sent  Anno  1524.  by 
King  Francis  the  first,  and  Madame  Regent  his  Mother, 
who  is  said  to  have  discovered  from  the  eight  and  twentieth 
to  the  fiftieth  degree ;  (all  which  and  mudi  more  had  long 
before  beene  discovered  by  Sir  Sebastian  Cabot  for  the  Sir  Seb.  Cabot. 
King  of  England,  who  was  the  first  that  set  foote  on  the 
Ani«ican  Continent  in  behalfe  of  any  Christian  Prince 
Anno  1496.  or  as  others  1497.  and  therefore  the  French 
redconing  falleth  short,  some  of  which  Nation  upon 
Vcraranos  Discovery  challen&;e  I  know  not  what  right  to 
all  that  Coast,  and  make  their  New  France  neere  as  great 
as  all  Europe.  To  leave  that,  we  are  to  do  them 
Historicall  right  in  relating  their  actions  in  those  parts. 
The  Rites  and  Customes  of  Florida  are  related  at  large 
by  Rene  Laudonniere,  by  Master  Hakluyt  translated,  and 
in  his  Workes  publishecl.  Laudonniere  was  sent  by  that 
famous  Admirafl  ChastiUon  with  John  Ribalt,  Anno  1562.  Cap.  Riba/t. 
who  arrived  at  Cape  Francois  in  Florida  in  thirtie  degrees, 
and  there  erected  a  Pillar  with  the  French  Armes.  The 
River  they  called  the  River  of  May,  having  entred  it  on 
May  day.  In  the  Woods  they  found  great  store  of  red 
and  white  Mulberie  Trees,  and  on  their  tops  an  infinite 

181 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1524-82. 

Silke-wormes    number  of  Silk-wormes.     Eight  other  Rivers  they  di^ 

store  in  covered  to  which  they  gave  the  names  of  Seine,  Somme, 

•  Loyre,  Cherente,  Garonne,  Gironde,  Belle,  Grande,  and 

PortRoyallin  after  that  Belle  a  Voire,  and  Port  Royal.     In  this  last  they 

32.  degrees,     anchored ;  the  River  at  the  mouth  is  three  French  leagues 

broad:  hee  sayled  up  many  leagues,  and  erected  another 

like  Pillar  of  stone.     Ribalt  having  built  a  Fort  and 

furnished  it  with  provisions,  called  it  Charles  Fort,  and 

left  a  Colonie  there  under  Captaine  Albert.     These  found 

great  kindnesse  with  their  Indian  Neighbours,  till  dissen- 

tion  happened  amongst  themselves,  the  Captaine  for  a 

small  fault  hanging  a  Souldier  and  exercising  severitie  over 

MuHnie.Cap.  the  rest,  which  thereupon  in  a  mutinie  slue  him,  and 

Jlbert  sktne.  having  chosen  a  new  Captaine,  they  built  a  Pinnasse  and 

furnished  it  aswell  as  they  could  to  returne  for  France, 

but  sxuprized  in  the  way  with  calmes,  and  expence  of  their 

provision,   they  first  did   eate   their  shooes  and  Buffe 

Jerkins,  and  yet  continuing  fiimished,  they  killed  one  of 

their  fellowes  called  La  Chere,  and  made  cheere  of  him, 

and  after  met  with  an  English  Barke  which  releeved  them, 

and  setting  some  on  Land,  brought  the  rest  to  Queenc 

Elizabeth. 

The  cause  of  their  not  releeving  according  to  promise 

was  the  Civill  warres,  which  beeing  compounded,  the 

Admirall  procxu-ed  the  King  to  send  three  ships  to  Florida 

under  the  conunand  of  the  Author  Rene  Laudonniere, 

which  set  saile  in  Aprill  1564.     He  went  on  shoare  at 

TheSectmd      Dominica,  in  which  Hand  his  men  killed  two  Serpents 

Cohttie.  nine  foote  long,  and  as  bigge  as  a  mans  legge.     The  two 

and  twentieth  of  June,  they  landed  in  Florida  ten  leagues 

above  Cape  Fran9ois,  and  after  in  the  River  of  May,  where 

Stone  Pillar     the  Indians  very  joyfuUy  welcommcd  them,  and  the  stone 

mrshifped.      Piller  erected  by  Ribalt  was  crowned  with  bayes  and 

baskets  of  Mill  or  Maiz  set  at  the  foot,  and  they  kissed 

the  same  with  great  reverence.     One  of  Paracoussy  (or 

the  King)  his  Sonnes  presented  the  Captain  with  a  wedge 

[IV.  viii.        of  silver.     With  another  Paracoussy  they  saw  one  old 

1604.]  Father  blind  with  age,  but  living,  and  of  his  loines  sixe 

182 


FRENCH  VOYAGES  TO  AMERICA 

generations  descended,  all  present,  so  that  the  Sonne  of 
the  eldest  was  supposed  two  hundred  and  fiftie  yeeres  old. 
They  planted  themselves  on  this  River  of  May,  and  there 
built  a  Fort  which  they  called  Carolina  of  their  ICing 
Charles.  Laudonniere  sent  Outigni  his  Lieutenant  to 
search  out  the  people  called  Thimogoa,  whence  that  silver 
wedge  had  comne,  and  there  heard  of  a  great  King  Olata 
Ovae  Utina,  to  whom  fortie  ICings  were  vassals.  Saturiova 
was  said  to  have  thirtie,  and  to  be  enemie  to  Utina. 

A  fearefuU  lightning  happened  which  burned  five 
hundred  acres  of  ground,  and  all  the  fowles,  after  which 
followed  such  a  heat,  that  as  many  fish  were  dead  there- 
with at  the  mouth  of  the  River,  as  would  have  laden  fiftie 
Carts,  and  of  their  putrifaction  grievous  diseases.  The 
Savages  had  thought  the  French  had  done  it  with  their 
Ordnance.  He  got  some  prisoners  of  Utinas  subjects 
which  Saturiova  had  taken  and  sent  them  to  him,  some 
of  his  men  assisting  Utina  in  his  warres  against  Potanou 
one  of  his  enemies,  and  returning  with  some  quantitie  of 
Silver  and  Gold. 

Whiles  things  continued  in  good  termes  with  the 
Savages  Mutinies  and  Conspiracies  fell  out  amongst  the 
French,  some  conspiring  to  kill  the  Captaine,  others 
running  away  with  the  %arks,  one  of  which  robbed  by 
Sea,  and  after  was  driven  by  famine  to  seeke  to  the 
Spaniards  at  Havana :  and  when  two  other  Barkes  were  a 
building,  a  third  Conspiracie  seized  on  the  Captaine, 
detained  him  Prisoner,  and  forced  him  to  subscribe  their 
passe  with  these  two  Barkes.  Away  they  went  and  the 
next  division  was  amongst  themselves,  one  Barke  depart- 
ing fi-om  the  others.  One  of  them  after  divers  Piracies 
came  backe,  and  the  chiefe  mutinies  were  executed. 
Francis  Jean  one  of  the  other  Barke  was  he  which  after 
brought  the  Spaniards  thither  to  destroy  them.  The 
Indians  use  to  keepe  in  the  Woods  Januarie,  Februarie, 
and  March,  and  live  on  what  they  take  in  hunting;  so 
that  the  French  neither  receiving  their  expected  reliefe 
from  France,  nor  from  the  Savages  which  had  no  Corne, 

183 


A.D. 
1524-82. 

Men  nigh 
"^oo  yeeres. 


The  Vassals 
are  petty 
Weromoes^  or 
Lards  of 
rtllages. 


Mutinies. 


The  Fir- 
^nians  also 
have  such  a 
custome. 


A.D. 
1524-82. 


Cruell famine. 


Sir  John 
Hawkins  his 
great 
kindnesse. 

Third  Flori' 
dan  Foyage  by 
C.  Ribalt. 


GoldMynesof 
Apalatci, 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

having  before  sold  them  what  they  had,  suffered  grievous 
famine;  they  resolved  to  build  a  vcssell  able  to  came 
them  into  France,  the  Savages  making  advantages  of  their 
necessities  (according  to  die  wonted  perfidiousnessc  of 
those  wilde  people)  whereupon  they  tooke  King  UtiiuL 
Prisoner  with  his  Sonne  to  g;et  ftxxi  for  his  ransome. 
The  famine  was  so  sharpe  that  it  made  the  bones  to  grow 
thorow  the  skinne,  and  when  the  Maiz  by  the  end  of  May 
came  to  some  ripenesse,  food  it  selfe  overcame  their  weake 
stomacks.  Some  reliefe  they  had  by  Sir  John  Hawkins 
who  came  thither  with  foure  ships,  guided  by  a  man  of 
Deepe  which  had  been  there  in  Ribalts  Voyage,  who  also 
offered  to  transport  him,  and  set  them  all  on  land  in 
France.  This  he  refused,  but  made  good  advantage 
hereof  with  the  Savages,  telling  them  that  this  was  his 
brother  which  brought  him  great  reliefe  and  plentic, 
whereupon  all  sought  his  friendship.  His  men  at  last 
generally  fearing  to  continue  in  that  misery,  wanting 
Both  apparell  and  victuall,  and  meanes  to  retume,  so 
wrought  with  him,  that  not  daring  to  give  the  Silver,  and 
such  thin^  as  he  had  gotten  in  the  Countrie  (which  might 
bring  an  English  Plantation  into  those  parts)  he  bought 
a  ship  of  Sir  John  Hawkins,  who  partly  sold  and  partly 
gave  them  provisions  also  of  appareU  and  victuall  for  their 
returne ;  and  as  Laudonniere  acknowledgeth  like  a  charit- 
able man,  saved  their  lives. 

Whiles  thus  thev  were  preparing  to  set  saile,  Captaine 
Ribalt  came  into  tne  River  with  seven  saile  foure  greater 
and  three  lesse  (whom  the  Admirall  had  sent,  hearii^ 
that  Laudonniere  lorded  and  domineered  in  tyrannicall  and 
insolent  manner)  and  was  solemnely  welcommed  in  the 
end  of  August  1565.  A  while  after,  when  as  the  Indians 
had  filled  Captaine  Ribalt  with  golden  hopes  of  the  Mynes 
at  Apalatci,  some  proofes  whereof  were  found  to  be  perfect 
gold,  sixe  great  ships  of  Spaniards  came  into  the  River  on 
the  fourth  of  September,  and  made  faire  shew  to  the 
French,  which  trusted  them  never  the  more,  but  let  slip 
their  Anchors  and  fled,  being  no  way  matchable  but  in 

184 


FRENCH  VOYAGES   TO  AMERICA  ad. 

1524-82. 

swiftnesse  of  saile,  whereby  they  escaped  the  pursuite  of  the 
Spaniards,  and  observed  their  course  sending  word  thereof  Spaniards  kill 
to  Captain  Ribalt.  The  High  Admirall  Chastillon  also  had  f^f'rench  and 
in  his  last  Letters  written  to  Ribalt,  that  he  had  intelligence  y^J^ 
out  of  Spaine,  of  Don  Pedro  Melendes  his  Expedition  to 
Florida,  just  before  his  comming  from  France,  Captaine 
Ribalt  embarkes  himselfe  the  eight  of  September,  pretend- 
ing to  ffoe  seeke  the  Spaniards,  which  soone  after  came  to 
seeke  the  French  at  their  Fort,  guided  by  Francis  Jean, 
before  a  Mutiner,  now  also  a  Traytour,  who  shewed  the 
Captaine  to  the  Spaniards.  Notwithstanding  their  assault, 
Laudonniere  made  an  escape  with  some  others  over  the 
Marishes  into  the  ships,  and  so  returned  first  into  England, 
and  after  into  France.  Captaine  Ribalt  was  surprized  with 
a  Tempest  which  wracked  him  upon  the  Coast,  and  all 
his  ships  were  cast  away,  himselfe  hardly  escaping  drown- 
ing, but  not  escaping  the  more  then  Rockie  Spaniards 
which  massacred  him  and  all  his  companie.  Massacre, 

This   butcherie  was  revenged   in  a   fourth   Floridan  Revenge  by 
Voyage  made  from  France,  by  Captaine  Gourgues,  Anno  Cap.  Dom, 
1567.  who  borrowed  and  sold  to  set  forth  three  ships,  and  (^^^rg^^- 
entring  die  River  Tacatacouru  (which  the  French  called 
Seine)  he  made  league  with  eight  Savage  Kings,  which 
had  beene  much  dispiorhted  by  the  Spaniards,  and  were 
growne  as  dispiffhtniff  to  them.     The  Spaniards  were 
accounted  foure  hundred  strong,  and  had  divided  them- 
selves into  three  Forts  upon  the  River  of  May,  the  greatest  TAree  Forts 
begun  by  the  French;    two  smaller  neerer  the  Rivers  SpanisL 
mouth    to    fortifie  each    thereof   with    twelve   hundred 
Souldiers  in  them  well  provided  for  Munition. 

In  Aprill  1568.  he  tooke  these  two  Forts  and  slue  all  [IV.  viii. 
the    Spaniards,    the    vindicative    Savages    giving    him  ^^^5] 

vehement    and    eager    assistance,    especially    Olotocara, 
Nephew  to  Saturiova.     As  they  went  to  the  Fort,  he 
said,   that  he  should  die   there,   and   therefore   desired  ^^y  ^^^ 
Gourgues  to  give  that  to  his  wife  which  he  would  have  ^^^fi"^^^ 

gVen  himselfe,  that  it  might  bee  buried  with  him  for  his  uZr^ZitA 
Jtter  welcome  to  the   village  of  the  Soules  departed.  tAem. 

135 


A.D. 

1524-82. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 


This  Fort  was  taken,  the  Spaniards  some  slaine,  others 
taken,  and  hanged  on  the  same  trees  on  which  the  French 
hung;  five  of  which  one  of  these  Spaniards  confessed 
he  had  hanged,  and  now  acknowleckjed  the  Divine  Justice. 
In  steed  of  the  Writings  which  Melendes  had  hanged  over 
them,  I  doe  not  this  as  to  Frenchmen  but  as  to  Lutherans ; 
J  tut  requitalL  Gourgues  set  up  another,  I  doe  not  this  as  to  Spaniards 
or  Mariners,  but  as  to  Traitors,  Robbers  and  Murtherers. 
The  Forts  he  razed,  not  having  men  to  kcepe  them,  and 
in  June  following  arrived  in  Rochel.  Comming  to  the 
King  with  expectation  of  reward,  the  Spanish  King  had  so 
possesed  him,  that  he  was  faine  to  hide  himselfe.  This 
Dominicke  de  Gourgues  had  beene  an  old  Souldier,  once 
imprisoned,  and  of  a  Captaine  made  a  Gaily-slave  by  the 
Spaniards,  and  grew  for  his  service  in  reputation  with  the 
Queene  of  England:  he  died  Anno  1582.  And  thus 
much  of  the  French  Vovages  in  Florida,  for  Virginias  sake 
worthy  to  be  knowne  ot  the  English.  Now  for  their  more 
Northerne  Voyages  and  Plantations. 

Master  Hakluyt  hath  published  the  Voyages  of  Jaques 
Cartier,  who  in  Aprill  1534.  departed  from  Saint  Malo 
with  two  ships,  and  in  May  arrived  at  Newfoundland. 
On  the  one  and  twentieth  of  May  they  came  to  the  Hand 
of  Birds  a  league  about,  so  full  of  Birds  as  if  they  were 
sowed  there,  and  a  hundred  times  as  many  hovering  about 
it,  some  as  bigge  as  Jayes,  blacke  and  white  with  beakes 
like  Crowes,  lying  alway  on  the  Sea;  their  wings  not 
bigger  then  halfe  ones  hand,  which  makes  that  thev  cannot 
flie  high.  In  lesse  then  halfe  an  houre  they  filled  two 
Boats  with  them.  These  they  named  Aporatz;  another 
lesse  sort,  which  put  themselves  under  the  wings  of  others 
greater,  they  called  Godetz,  a  third,  bigger  and  white, 
byting  like  Dogges  they  called  Margaulx.  Though  the 
Hand  be  fourteene  leagues  from  the  Continent,  Beares 
come  thither  to  feed  on  those  Birds.  One  white  one  as 
bigge  as  a  Kow  they  killed  in  her  swimming,  and  found 
her  good  meate.  Three  such  Bird  Hands  they  also  dis- 
covered the  five  and  twentieth  of  June,  which  they  called 

186 


Jaques 
Cartier  his 
three  Foyages, 

lland  of  Birds 
in  49.  degrees 
40.  Minutes. 


Margaulx 
seeme  to  be 
Penguins. 


FRENCH  VOYAGES  TO  AMERICA  ad. 

1524-82. 
the  Hands  of  Margaulx.  There  also  they  found  Morses, 
Beares  and  Wolves.  But  these  Northerne  Coasts  are 
better  knowne  to  our  Countrymen :  then  that  I  should 
mention  his  French  names,  which  from  Cabots  time  almost 
forty  yeeres  before  had  beene  knowne  to  the  English. 

The  next  yeere  Cartier  set  forth  with  three  ships  to 
Saint  Lawrence  his  Bay,  and  so  to  the  River  of  Hochelaga. 
They  went  to  Canada,  and  to  the  Towne  of  Hochelaga. 
They  saw  the  great  and  swift  fall  of  the  River,  and  were 
told  of  three  more  therein.  The  Scorbute  that  Winter 
killed  five  and  twentie  of  their  men  in  their  Fort :  the 
rest  recovered  by  the  use  the  sap  and  leaves  of  a  tree 
called  Hameda,  which  was  thought  to  be  Sassafras.  These 
reports  of  Canada,  Saguenay,  and  Hochelaga,  caused  King 
Francis  to  send  him  againe.  Anno  1540.  piuposing  also 
to  send  John  Francis  de  la  Roche,  Lord  of  Robewall  to  L.  of 
be  his  Lieutenant  in  the  Countries  of  Canada,  Saguenay,  ^(^hetoalL 
and  Hochelaga.  Hee  went  Anno  1542.  his  chiefe  Pilot 
was  John  Alphonso  of  Xantoigne,  whose  Notes,  as  also 
the  Relation  of  that  Voyage  with  three  shippes,  and  two 
hundred  persons,  men,  women  and  children,  Master 
Hakluyt  hath  recorded.  He  built  a  Fort  and  wintered 
there:    and  then  returned. 

These  were  the  French  beginnings,  who  have  continued 
their  Trading  in  those  parts  by  yeerly  Voyages  to  that 
Coast  to  these  times,  for  fishing,,  and  sometimes  for  Beavers 
skinnes  and  other  Conmiodities.     One  Savalet  is  said  ZavaUts  42. 
to  have  made  two  and  forty  Voyages  to  those  parts.  Voy^&sto 
Marke  Lescarbot  hath  published  a  large  Booke  called  ^^y^"^"*^' 
Nova  Francia,  and  additions  thereto,  part  of  which  we 
have  here  for  better  intelligence  of  those  parts,  added 
with  Champleins  Discoveries. 


187 


[Chap.  VI. 


A.D. 
1603. 


Their  Voyage 
to  Tadousac. 
Chap,  2. 


[IV. 


viu. 
1606.] 


A  bankeoflce 
above  8. 
leagues  longyin 
45.  degrees 
and  two  third 
parts. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Chap.  VI. 

The  Voyage  of  Samuel  Champlaine  of  Brouage, 
made  unto  Canada  in  the  yeere  1603.  dedi- 
cated to  Charles  de  Montmorencie,  &c.  High 
Admirall  of  France. 

E  departed  from  Honfleur,  the  fifteenth 
day  of  March  1603.  This  day  we  put 
into  the  Roade  of  New  Haven,  because 
the  winde  was  contrary.  The  Sunday 
following  being  the  sixteenth  of  the  said 
moneth,  we  set  saile  to  proceed  on  our 
Voyage.  The  seventeenth  day  following, 
we  had  sight  of  Jersey  and  Yarnsey,  which  are  lies 
betwecne  tne  Coast  of  Normandie  and  England.  The 
eighteenth  of  the  said  moneth,  we  discovered  the  Coast 
of  Britaine.  The  nineteenth,  at  seven  of  the  clocke  at 
night,  we  made  account  that  we  were  thwart  of  Ushent. 
The  one  and  twentieth,  at  seven  of  clocke  in  the  morning> 
we  met  with  seven  ships  of  Hollanders,  which  to  our 
judgement  came  from  the  Indies.  On  Easter  day,  the 
thirtieth  of  the  said  moneth,  wee  were  encountred  with 
a  great  storme,  which  seemed  rather  to  be  thunder  then 
winde,  which  lasted  the  space  of  seventeene  dayes,  but 
not  so  great  as  it  was  the  two  first  dayes ;  and  during  the 
said  time  we  rather  lost  way  then  gained. 

The  sixteenth  day  of  Aprill  the  storme  began  to  cease> 
and  the  Sea  became  mcwre  calme  then  before,  to  the  con- 
tentment of  all  the  Company ;  in  such  sort  as  continuing 
our  said  course  untill  the  eighteenth  of  the  said  moneth, 
we  met  with  a  very  high  Mountaine  of  Ice.  The  morrow 
after  we  discried  a  banke  of  Ice,  which  continued  above 
eight  leagues  in  length,  with  an  infinite  number  of  other 
smaller  peeces  of  Ice,  which  hindred  our  passage.  And 
by  the  judgement  of  our  Pilot,  the  said  flakes  or  Ice  were 
one  hundred,  or  one  hundred  &  twenty  leagues  from  the 
Country  of  Canada ;  and  we  were  in  45.  degrees  and  two 

188 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  ad. 

1603. 
third  parts ;  &  we  found  passage  in  44.  deg.     The  second 
of  May,  at  eleven  of  docke  of  the  day,  we  came  upon 

The  Banke  in  44.  degrees  one  third  part.     The  sixt  of  Tki  Banke  in 

the  said  moneth,  we  came  so  neere  the  land  that  we  heard  44-  ^-T*-  ^^ 

the  Sea  beate  against  the  shore,  but  we  could  not  descrie  ^^^^f^- 

the  same  through  the  thicknesse  of  the  fogge,  whereunto  These  coasts 

these  coasts  are  subject;    which  was  the  cause  that  wc  subject  to  fogs. 
put  farther  certaine  leagues  into  the  Sea,  untill  the  next 
day  in  the  morning,  when  we  descried  land,  the  weather 

being  very  deere,  which  was  the  Cape  of  Saint  Marie.  The  Cape  of 

The  twelfth  day  following  we  were  overtaken  with  a  great  5-  Marie. 
few  of  winde,  which  lasted  two  dayes.     The  fifteenth  of 

the  said  moneth,  wee  descried  the  Isles  of  Saint  Peter.  The  Isles  of  ^. 

The  seventeenth  following  we  met  with  a  banke  of  Ice  ^'^- 

neere  Cs^  de  Raie,  sixe  kamies  in  length,  which  caused  fceel^iues 

us  to  strike  saile  all  the  niMt,  to  avoide  the  danger  we  ^^.  ' 

might  incurre.     The  next  day  we  set  saile,  and  descried  Cape  de  Raie. 

Cape  de  Raie,  and  the  Isles  of  Saint  Paul,  and  Cape  de  Cape  de  S. 

Saint  Laurence,  which  is  on  the  South  side.     And  fix)m  Laurence. 
the  said  Cape  of  Saint  Laurence  unto  Cape  de  Raie,  is 
eighteene  leagues,  which  is  the  breadth  of  the  entrance 
of  the  great  Gulfe  of  Canada. 

The  same  day,  about  ten  of  the  docke  in  the  morning, 

we  met  with  another  Hand  of  Ice,  which  was  above  eight  An  Iland  of 

leagues  lonff.     The  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth,  we  ice  about  eight 

discried  an  Isle,  which  containeth  some  five  and  twenty  ^^^^  *^&' 

or  thirty  leagues  in  length,  which  is  called  the  Isle  of  The  lie  of 

Assumption,  which  is  the  entrance  of  the  River  of  Canada,  ^^tumption. 

The  next  day  we  descried  Gachepe,  which  is  a  very  high  Gachepe. 
land,  and  began  to  enter  into  the  said  River  of  Canada, 

ranging  the  South  coast  unto  the  River  of  Mantanne,  The  River 

which  is  firom  the  said  Gachepe  sixtie  five  leagues ;   fi-om  Mantanne. 
the  said  River  of  Mantanue  we  sailed  as  terre  as  the 

Pike,  which  is  twenty  leagues,  which  is  on  the  South  The  Pike. 
side  also :    fitim  the  said  Pike  we  sailed  over  the  River 

tmto  the  port  of  Tadousac,  which  is  fifteene  leagues.     All  Tadousac, 

these  Countries  are  very  high,  and  barren,  yeelding  nd  ^^^  Gachepe 

commoditie.     The  foure  and  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth  ^°°'  ^^' 

189 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

we  cast  anker  before  Tadousac,  and  the  six  and  twentieth 
we  entred  into  the  said  Port,  which  is  made  like  to  a 
creeke  in  the  entrance  of  the  River  of  Saguenay,  where 
there  is  a  very  strange  currant  and  tide,  for  the  swiftnesse 
and  depth  thereof,  where  sometimes  strong  windes  do 

blow,  because  of  the  cold  which  they  bring  with  them; 

The  River  of  it  is  thought  that  the  said  River  is  five  and  forty  or  fiftie 
leagues  unto  the  first  fall,  and  it  commeth  from  the  North 
North-west.  The  said  Port  of  Tadousac  is  little,  wherein 
there  cannot  ride  above  ten  or  twelve  Ships :  but  there 
is  water  enough  toward  the  East,  toward  the  opening  of 
the  said  River  of  Sagenay  along  by  a  little  lull,  which 
is  almost  cut  off  fi-om  the  maine  by  the  Sea :  The  rest 
of  the  Countrie  are  very  high  Mountaines,  whereon  there 
is  little  mould,  but  rockes  and  sands  full  of  woods  of 
Canada^about  Pines,  Cypresses,  Fir-trees,  Burch,  and  some  other  sorts 
5i.tfr4o.  of  trees  of  small  price.  There  is  a  little  Poole  necre 
^h?^ZJ^.  unto  the  said  Port,  enclosed  with  Mountaines  covered 
with  woods.  At  the  entrance  of  the  said  Port  there  arc 
two  points,  the  one  on  the  West  side  running  a  league 
into  the  Sea,  which  is  called  Saint  Matthewes  point ;  and 
the  other  on  the  South-east  side,  containing  a  quarter  of 
a  league,  which  is  called  the  point  of  all  the  Divels.  The 
South  and  South  South-east,  and  South  South-west  windes 
doe  strike  into  the  said  haven.  But  from  Saint  Matthewes 
Point,  to  the  said  Point  of  all  the  Divels,  is  very  neere 
a  league :    Both  these  Points  are  dry  at  a  low  water. 


A.D. 

1603. 


The  descnp- 
tsM  of  the 
haven  of 
Tadousac, 


Sagmay 
falteth  into 
Canada, 
That  of 
Sagenay  is  in 
Lescarbots 
Map 

expressed  to 
enter  OH  the 
North  side  of 


the  Sea  shoare 
of  Canada  is 
above  six  tie 
milesy  which 
entring  into 
the  Sea^  hath 
100.  milesy 
and  up  to  the 
fals  {which 
Voyage 
filloweth) 
continueth  a 
marveilous 
breadth^  so 


nPHe  seven  and  twentieth  day  we  sought  the  Savages 
that  it  may  be  A  at  the  Point  of  Saint  Matthew,  which  is  a  league 
Ms^^^^"^  from  Tadousac,  with  the  two  Savages  whom  Monsieur 
du  Pout  brought  with  him,  to  make  report  of  that  which 
they  had  seene  in  France,  and  of  the  good  entertainement 
which  the  King  had  given  them.  As  soone  as  we  were 
landed  we  went  to  the  Caban  of  their  great  Sagamo, 
parts Vthe^^  which  is  Called  Anadabijou,  where  we  found  him  with 

New :  full  also  of  Lahes   and  I  lands  for  greater  magnificence.     The  great  Sagamo^  their 
feasts  l^  wars.     The  Irocois.    Cap.  2.    Two  Savages  brot^t  out  of  France,     jinaddbijon. 

190 


greater  then 
any  other 
River  in  our 
worlds  or  in 


SAMUEL   CHAMPLAIN 

some  eightie  or  a  hundred  of  his  companions^  which  were 
making  Tabagie,  that  is  to  say,  a  Feast.     Hee  received 
us  very  well,  according  to  the  custome  of  the  Countrey, 
and  made  us  sit  downe  by  him,  and  all  the  Savages  sat 
along  one  by  another  on  both  sides  of  the  said  Cabine. 
One  of  the  Savages  which  we  had  brought  with  us  began 
to  make  his  Oration,  of  the  good  entertainement  which 
the  King  had  given  them,  and  of  the  good  usage  that 
they  had  received  in  France,  and  that  they  might  assure 
themselves  that  his  said  Majestic  wished  them  well,  and 
desired  to  people  their  Countrey,  and  to  make  peace  with 
their  enemies  (which  are  the  Irocois)  or  to  send  them 
forces  to  vanquish  them.     He  also  reckoned  up  the  faire 
Castels,  Palaces,  Houses,  and  people  which  they  had 
seene,  and  our  manner  of  living.     He  was  heard  with  so 
great  silence,  as  more  cannot  be  uttered.     Now  when  he 
had  ended  his  Oration,  the  said  grand  Sagamo  Anadabijon, 
having  heard  him  attentively  began  to  take  Tobacco,  and 
gave  to  the  said  Monsieur  du  Pout  Grave  of  Saint  Malo, 
and  to  mee,  and  to  certaine  other  Sagamos  which  were 
by  him :    after  he  had  taken  store  of  Tobacco,  he  began 
to  make  his  Oration  to  all,  speaking  distinctly,  restmg 
sometimes  a  little,  and  then  speaking  againe,  saying,  that 
doubtlesse  they  ought  to  be  very  glad  to  have  his  Majestie 
for  their  great  friend :    they  answered  all  with  one  voyce, 
ho,  ho,  ho,  which  is  to  say,  yea,  yea,  yea.     He  proceeding 
forward  in  his  speech,  said.  That  he  was  very  well  content 
that  his  said  Majestie  should  people  their  Countrey,  and 
make  warre  against  their  enemies,  and  that  there  was  no 
Nation  in  the  world  to  which  they  wished  more  good, 
then  to  the  French.     In  fine,  hee  gave  them  all  to  under- 
stand what  good  and  profit  they  might  receive  of  his  said 
Majestie.     When  hee  had  ended  his  speech,  we  went  out 
of  his  Cabine,  and  they  began  to  make  their  Tabagie 
or  Feast,  which  they  make  with  the  flesh  of  Orignac, 
which  is  like  an  Oxe,  of  Beares,  of  Seales,  and  Bevers, 
which  are  the  most  ordinary  victuals  which  they  have, 
&  with  great  store  of  wilde  Fowle.     They  had  eight  or 

191 


A.D. 
1603. 


The  Oration 
of  one  of  the 
savages  which 
toe  brougfit 
with  us. 
[IV.  viii. 

1607.] 


The  Irocois 
enemies  to 
Anadabijon. 


The  Oration 
of  Anadabijon. 


A  feast  of  the 
Savages, 
Orignac  a 
Beast  iike  an 
Oxe. 


A.D. 

i6o3. 


A  victorie 
gatten  of  the 
Irocois, 

Esteckeminsy 

jiigaufnequins^ 

and  MouH- 

tainers. 

The  River  of 

the  Irocois, 

The  Irocois  are 
in  great 
number. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

ten  Kettels  full  of  meate  in  the  middest  of  the  said  Cabine, 
and  they  were  set  one  from  another  some  six  paces,  and 
each  one  upon  a  severall  fire.  The  men  sat  on  both  sides 
the  house  (as  I  said  before)  with  his  dish  made  of  the 
barke  of  a  tree:  and  when  the  meate  is  sodden,  there 
is  one  which  devideth  to  every  man  his  part  in  the  same 
dishes,  wherein  they  feede  very  filthily,  for  when  their 
hands  be  fattie,  they  rub  them  on  their  haire,  or  else  on 
the  haire  of  their  dogs,  whereof  they  have  store  to  hunt 
with.  Before  their  meate  was  sodden,  one  of  them  rose 
up,  and  took  a  dog,  &  danced  about  the  said  Kettels  from 
the  one  end  of  the  Cabin  to  the  other:  when  he  came 
before  the  great  Sagamo,  he  cast  his  dog  perforce  upon 
the  ground,  and  then  all  of  them  with  one  voice,  cried, 
ho,  ho,  ho,  which  being  done,  he  went  and  sat  him  downe 
in  his  place,  then  immediately  another  rose  up  and  did 
the  like,  and  so  they  continued  untill  the  meate  was 
sodden.  When  they  had  ended  their  Feast>  they  began 
to  dance,  taking  the  heads  of  their  enemies  in  their  hands, 
which  hanged  upon  the  wall  behinde  them ;  and  in  signe 
of  joy  there  is  one  or  two  which  sing,  moderating  their 
voice  by  the  measure  of  their  hands,  which  they  bcate 
upon  their  knees,  then  they  rest  sometimes,  and  cry,  ho, 
ho,  ho ;  and  begin  againe  to  dance,  &  blow  like  a  man 
that  is  out  of  breath.  They  made  this  triumph  for  a 
victory  which  they  had  gotten  of  the  Irocois,  of  whom 
they  had  slaine  some  hundred,  whose  heads  they  cut  off, 
which  they  had  with  them  for  the  ceremony.  They  were 
three  Nations  when  they  went  to  war,  the  Estechemins, 
Algoumequins,  and  Mountainers,  to  the  number  of  a 
thousand,  when  they  went  to  war  against  the  Irocois, 
whom  they  encountred  at  the  mouth  of  the  River  of  the 
said  Irocois,  and  slew  an  hundred  of  them.  The  war 
which  they  make  is  altogether  by  surprises,  for  otherwise 
they  would  be  out  of  hart ;  &  they  feare  the  said  Irocois 
very  much,  which  arc  in  greater  number  then  the  said 
Mountainers,  Estechemins  and  Algoumequins.  The 
twenty  eight  day  of  the  said  moneth,  they  encamped 

192 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

themselves  in  the  foresaid  haven  of  Tadousac,  where  our 
Ship  was;  at  the  break  of  day  their  said  great  Sagamo 
came  out  of  his  Cabine,  going  round  about  all  the  other 
Cabins,  and  cried  with  a  loud  voice  that  they  should  dis- 
lodge to  goe  to  Tadousac,  where  their  good  friends  were. 
Immediately  every  man  in  a  trice  tooke  down  his  cabin, 
and  the  said  grand  Captain,  first  began  to  take  his  canoe, 
&  carried  it  to  the  Sea,  where  he  embarked  his  wife  and 
children,  &  store  of  fiirs;  and  in  like  manner  did  well 
neere  two  hundred  canowes,  which  goe  strangely;  for 
though  our  Shallop  was  well  manned,  yet  they  went  more 
swift  then  we.  There  are  but  two  that  row,  the  man 
and  the  wife.  Their  Canowes  are  some  eight  or  nine 
pases  long,  and  a  pace,  or  a  pace  &  a  halfe  broad  in  the 
middest,  and  grow  sharper  &  sharper  toward  both  the 
ends.  They  are  very  subject  to  overturning,  if  one  know 
not  how  to  guide  them ;  for  they  are  made  of  the  barke 
of  a  Birch  tree,  strengthned  witnin  with  little  circles  of 
wood  wdl  &  handsomek  framed,  and  are  so  light,  that 
one  man  will  carry  one  of  them  easily ;  and  every  Canowe 
is  able  to  carry  the  weight  of  a  Pipe :  when  they  would 
passe  over  any  land  to  goe  to  some  River  where  they 
have  busines,  they  carry  them  with  them.  Their  Cabins 
are  low,  made  like  Tents,  covered  with  the  said  barke 
of  a  tree,  and  they  leave  in  the  roofe  about  a  foot  space 
uncovered,  wherd^y  the  light  commeth  in;  and  they 
make  many  fires  right  in  the  midst  of  their  Cabin,  where 
they  are  sometimes  ten  housholds  together.  They  lie 
upon  skins  one  by  askother,  and  their  dogs  with  them. 
They  were  about  a  thousand  persons,  men,  women  and 
children.  The  place  of  the  point  of  S.  Matthew,  where 
they  were  first  lodged,  is  very  jdeasant;  they  were  at 
the  bottome  of  a  little  hill,  which  was  ful  of  Fir  &  Cypresse 
trees :  upon  this  point  there  is  a  little  level  plot,  which 
discovereth  far  off,  &  upon  the  top  of  the  said  hiU,  there 
is  a  Plain,  a  league  long,  and  halfe  a  league  broad,  covered 
with  trees ;  the  soile  is  very  sandy,  and  is  good  pasture ; 
all  tJke  rest  is  nothing  but  Mountains  of  very  bad  rocks : 


A.D. 

1603. 


Ttvo  hundred 
Canowfs, 


ThefasHon  of 

their 

Canowes. 


Their  Cabins 
made  Bke  tents 
and  covered 
with  the  harks 
of  trees. 


Cypresse  trees. 


XVIII 


193 


N 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

the  Sea  beateth  round  about  the  said  hil,  which  is  dry  for 
Their  a  large  halfe  league  at  a  low  water. 

triumphs^ 

humrsjamin,  ripHc  ninth  day  of  June  the  Savages  began  to  make 

W  W^f  ^'       A   merrie  together,  and  to  make  their  feast,  as  I  have 

Chap.  3.         said  before,  and  to  dance  for  the  aforesaid  victory  which 

[IV.  viii.        they  had  obtained  against  their  enemies.     After  they  had 

1608.]  made  good  cheere,  the  Algoumequins,  one  of  the  three 

Nations,  went  out  of  their  Cabins,  and  retired  themselves 

apart  into  a  publike  place,  and  caused  all  their  women  and 

girles  to  sit  downc  in  rankes  one  by  the  other,  and  stood 

themselves  behinde,  then  sing;ing  all  in  one  time,  as  I 

have  said  before.      And  suddenly  all  the  women  and 

maidens  began  to  cast  off  their  Mantles  of  skins,  and 

stripped  themselves  starke  naked,  shewing  their  privities, 

Matachiay  or    neverthelesse  adorned  with  Matachia,  which  are  pater- 

cordons  of  the   nostcrs  and  chaines  enterlaced  made  of  the  haire  of  the 

^^V{kt     Porkespicke,  which  they  dye  of  divers  colours.     After 

or  'pt  e.       ^^^^  j^^  made  an  end  of  their  songs,  they  cried  all  with 

one  voyce,  ho,  ho,  ho ;  at  the  same  instant  all  the  women 

and  maidens  covered  themselves  with  their  Mantels,  for 

they  lye  at  their  feete,  and  rest  a  short  while ;   and  then 

eftsoones  beginning^  againe  to  sing,  they  let  fall  their 

Their  manner  Mantels  as  they  did  before.     They  goe  not  out  of  one 

of  dancing.       place  when  they  dance,  and  make  certaine  gestures  and 

motions  of  the  body,  first  lifting  up  one  foote  and  then 

another,  stamping  upon  the  ground.     While  they  were 

Besouat  the      dancing  of  this  dance,  the  Sagamo  of  the  Algoumequins, 

Sagamo  of  the  ^hose  name  was  Besouat,  sat  before  the  said  women  and 

gpumequtns.  yj^gj^g^  betweene  two  staves,  whereon  the  heads  of  their 

enemies  did  hang.     Sometimes  he  rose  and  made  a  speech, 

and  said  to  the  Mountainers  and  Estechemains ;    ye  see 

how  we  rejoyce  for  the  victory  which  we  have  obtained 

of  our  enemies,  ye  must  doe  the  like,  that  we  may  be 

contented:     then  they  all  together  cried,   ho,    ho,   ho. 

Assoone  as  hee  was  returned  to  his  place,  the  great  Sagamo, 

and  all  his  companions  cast  off  their  Mantels,  being  starice 

naked  save  their  privities,  which  were  covered  with  a 

194 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

little  skin,  and  tooke  each  of  them  what  they  thoiight 
good,  as  Matachias,  Hatchets,  Swords,  Kcttels,  Fat,  Flesh 
of  the  Orignac,  Seales,  in  briefe,  every  one  had  a  present, 
which  they  gave  the  Algoumequins.  After  all  these 
ceremonies  the  dance  ceasra,  and  the  said  Algoumequins 
both  men  and  women  carried  away  their  presents  to  their 
lodgings.  They  chose  out  also  two  men  of  each  Nation 
of  the  best  disposition,  which  they  caused  to  run,  and 
he  which  was  the  swiftest  in  running  had  a  present. 

All  these  people  are  of  a  very  checrefuU  complexion, 
they  laugh  for  the  most  part,  neverthelesse  they  are  some- 
what meEincholly.     They  speake  very  distinctly,  as  though 
they  would  make  themselves  well  understood,  and  they 
stay  quickely  bethinking  themselves  a  great  while,  and 
then  they  begin  their  speech  againe :    they  often  use  this 
£ishion  in  the  middest  of  their  Orations  in  counsaile,  where 
there  are  none  but  the  principals,  which  are  the  ancients : 
the  women  and  children  are  not  present.     All  these  people 
sometimes  endure  so  great  extremity,  that  they  are  almost  Thest  Savagis 
constrained  to  eate  one  another,  through  the  great  colds  ^re  great 
and  snowes ;    for  the  Beasts  and  Fowles  whereof  they  f^^^^^- 
live,  retire  them  selves  into  more  hot  climates.     I  thinke 
if  any  would  teach  them  how  to  live,  and  to  learne  to 
till  the  ground,  and  other  things,  they  would  learne  very 
well;   for  I  assure  you  that  many  of  them  are  of  good 
judgement,  and  answere  very  well  to  the  pxupose  to  any 
thing  that  a  man  shall  demand  of  them.     They  have  one 
naughty  qualitie  in  them,  which  is,  that  they  are  given  Their  had 
to  revenge,  and  great  lyars,  a  people  to  whom  you  must  qmRHes. 
not  give  too  much  credit,  but  with  reason,  and  standing 
on  your  owne  guard.     They  promise  much  and  performe 
little.     They  are  for  the  most  part  a  people  that  have  no 
Law,  as  farre  as  I  could  see  and  enforme  my  selfe  of  the 
said  great  Sagamo,  who  told  me,  that  they  constantly 
beleeve,  that  there  is  one  God,  which  hath  made  all  things : 
And  then  I  said  unto  him,  since  they  beleeve  in  one  God  The  hihefi  of 
oncly,  How  is  it  that  he  sent  them  into  this  world,  and  ^  ^vaga. 
from  whence  came  they.?  he  answered  me,  that  after  God 

19s 


A.D. 
1603. 


They  beleeve 
ne  GM  me 
Sen,  one 
Mother y  and 
the  Sunne, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

had  made  all  things,  he  tooke  a  number  of  Arrowes,  and 
stucke  them  in  the  ground,  from  whence  men  and  women 
grew,  which  have  multiplied  in  the  world  untill  this 
present,  and  had  their  orieinall  on  this  fashion.  I  replied 
unto  him,  that  this  whici  hee  said  was  false;  but  that 
indeede  there  was  one  God  onely,  which  had  created  all 
things  in  the  earth,  and  in  the  heavens :  seeing  all  these 
things  so  perfect,  without  any  body  to  governe  this  world 
beneath,  he  tooke  of  the  slime  of  the  earth,  &  thereof 
made  Adam,  our  first  Father :  As  Adam  slept,  God  tooke 
a  rib  of  the  side  of  Adam,  &  thereof  made  Eve,  whom 
he  gave  him  for  his  companion ;  and  that  this  was  the 
trudi  that  they  and  we  had  our  originall  after  this  manner, 
and  not  of  Ajrrowes  as  they  belecved.  He  said  nothing 
unto  me,  save,  that  he  bebeved  mther  that  which  I  said, 
then  that  which  he  told  me.  I  asked  him  also,  whether 
he  bdeeved  not  that  there  was  any  other  but  one  God 
onely?  He  told  me,  that  their  beliefe  was,  That  there 
was  one  God,  one  Sonne,  one  Mother,  and  the  Sunne, 
which  were  foure ;  yet  that  God  was  above  them  all :  but 
tha:t  the  Son  was  good,  and  the  Sunne  in  the  firmament, 
because  of  the  good  that  they  received  of  them;  but 
that  the  Mother  was  naught,  and  did  eate  them,  and  that 
the  Father  was  not  very  fi;ood.  I  shewed  him  nis  errour 
according  to  our  faith,  wherein  he  gave  mee  some  smaU 
credit.  I  demanded  of  him,  wheth^  they  had  not  seene, 
nor  heard  say  of  their  ancestors,  that  God  came  into  the 
world.  He  told  me,  that  he  had  never  seene  him ;  but 
that  in. old  time  there  were  five  men  which  went  toward 
the  Sunne  setting,  which  met  with  God,  who  asked  them, 
Whither  goe  ye ?  They  said,  we  goe  to  seeke  our  living: 
God  answered  them,  you  shall  finde  it  here.  They  went 
&rther,  without  regarding  what  God  had  said  unto  them : 
which  tooke  a  stone,  and  touched  two  of  them  with  it, 
which  were  turned  into  a  stone :  And  hee  said  againe 
unto  the  other  three,  Whither  goe  yee  ?  and  they  answered 
as  at  the  first:  and  God  said  to  them  againe,  Goe  no 
further,  you  shall  finde  it  here.     And  seeing  that  nothing 

196 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  aj>. 

1603. 

came  unto  them,  they  went  farther  r    and  God  tooke  two  [IV.  viii. 

staves,  and  touched  the  two  first  therewith,  which  were  i^*] 

turned  into  staves ;  and  the  fift  staied  and  would  goe  no 

further :   And  God  asked  him  againe,  whither  goest  thou? 

I  goe  to  seeke  my  living :    stay  and  thou  shalt  finde  it. 

He  stayed  without  going  any  further,  and  God  gave  him 

meate,  and  he  did  eate  thereof;    after  he  had  well  fed; 

hee  returned  with  other  Savages,  and  told  them  all  the 

former  storie.     He  told  them  also.  That  another  time 

there  was  a  man  which  had  store  of  Tobacco  (which  is  a 

kinde  of  hearbe,  whereof  they  take  the  smoake.)     And 

that  God  came  to  this  man,  and  asked  him  where  his 

Tobacco  pipe  was?     The  man  tooke  his  Tobacco  pipe 

and  gave  it  to  God,  which  tooke  Tobacco  a  great  while : 

after  hee  had  taken  store  of  Tobacco,  God  broke  the  said 

pipe  into  many  peeces:    and  the  man  asked  him,  why 

hast  thou  broken  my  pipe,  and  seest  that  I  have  no  more  ? 

And  God  tooke  one  which  hee  had,  and  gave  it  him,  and 

said  unto  him ;  loe  here  I  give  thee  one^  carry  it  to  thy 

great  Sagamo,  and  charge  him  to  keepe  it,  and  if  he 

keepe  it  weD  he  shall  never  want  any  thing,  nor  none  of 

his  companions.     The  said  man  tooke  the  Tobacco  pipe, 

and  gave  it  to  his  great  Sagamo,  which  as  long  as  he  kept, 

the  &ivages  wanted  nothing  in  the  world.     But  after  that 

the  said  Sagamo  lost  this  Tobacco  pipe,  which  was  the 

occasion   of^  great  famine,  which  sometimes  they  have  Great  faming 

among  them.     I  asked  him  whither  he  beleeved  all  this?  sometimes 

he  said  yea,  and  that  it  was  true.     This  I  beleeve  is  the  ^^^^^ 

cause  wherefore  they  say  that  God  is  not  very  good.     But    ^^^^^' 

I  replied  and  told  him,  that  God  was  wholly  good ;   and 

that  without  doubt  this  was  the  Divell  that  appeared  to 

these  men,  and  that  if  they  would  beleeve  in  God  as  we 

doe,  they  should  not  want  any  thing  needefull.     That 

the  Sunne  which  they  beheld,  the  Moone  and  the  Starres 

were  created  by  this  great  God,  which  hath  made  heaven 

and  earth,  and  they  have  no  power  but  that  which  God 

hath  given  them.     That  we  beleeve  in  this  great  God, 

who  by  his  goodnesse  hath  sent  us  his  deare  Sonne,  which 

197 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

being  conceived  by  the  holy  Ghost,  tooke  humaine  flesh 
in  the  Virginall  wombe  of  the  Virgin  Marie,  having  bin 
thirty  three  yeares  on  the  earth,  working  infinite  miracles, 
raising   up    the   dead,    healing    the   sicke,    casting  out 
Divels,  giving  sight  to  the  blinde,  teaching  men  the  will 
of  God  his  Father,  to  serve,  honour,  and  worship  him, 
did  shed  his  bloud,  and  sufFred  death  and  passion  for  us, 
and  for  our  sinnes,  and  redeemed  mankinde,  and  being 
buried,  he  rose  againe,  he  descended  into  hell,  and  ascended 
into  heaven,  where  he  sitteth  at  the  right  hand  of  God 
his  Father.     That  this  the  beleefe  of  3l  the  Christians, 
which  beleeve  in  the  Father,  the  Sonne,  and  the  holy 
Ghost,  which  neverthelesse  are  not  three  Gods,  but  one 
onely,  and  one  onely  God,  and  one  Trinitie,  in  the  which 
none  is  before  or  after  the  other,  none  greater  or  lesse 
then  another.     That  the  Virgin  Mary  the  Mother  of  the 
Sonne  of  God,  and  all  men  and  women  which  have  lived 
in  this  world,  doing  the  commandements  of  God,  and 
sufFring  martyrdome  for  his  name  sake,  and  by  the  per- 
mission of  God  have  wrought  miracles,  and  are  Saints 
in  heaven  in  his  Paradise,  doe  all  pray  this  great  divine 
Majestie  for  us,  to  pardon  us  our  faults  and  our  sinnes 
which  we  doe  against  his  Law  and  his  Commandements : 
and  so  by  the  prayers  of  the  Saints  in  heaven,  and  by  our 
prayers  which  we  make  to  his  divine  Majestie,  he  giveth 
that  which  we  have  neede  of,  and  the  Divell  hath  no  power 
over  us,  and  can  doe  us  no  harme :   That  if  they  had  this 
beliefe,  they  should  be  as  we  are,  and  that  the  Divell 
should  be  able  to  doe  them  no  hurt,  and  shoidd  never 
want  any  thing  necessary.     Then  the  said  Sagamo  told 
me,  that  he  approved  that  which  I  said.     I  asked  him 
what  ceremony  they  used  in  praying  to  their  God  ?     He 
told  me,  that  they  used  none  other  ceremonies,  but  that 
every  one  praied  in  his  heart  as  he  thought  good :    This 
is  the  cause  why  I  beleeve  they  have  no  law  among  them, 
neither  doe  they  know  how  to  worship  or  pray  to  God, 
and  live  for  the  most  part  like  brute  beasts,  and  I  thinke 
in  short  space  they  would  be  brought  to  be  good  Christians, 

198 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a,i>. 

1603. 

if  their  Countrie  were  planten,  which  they  desire  for  the 
most  part. 

Thev  have  among  them  certaine  Savages  which  they  Savages  tvhkh 
call  Pilotova,  which  speak  visibly  with  the  Divell,  which  f^^^f  «w^^ 
telleth  them  what  they  must  doe,  as  well  for  the  warre  ^^'^'^• 
as  for  other  things ;   and  if  he  should  command  them  to 
put  any  enterprise  in  execution,  either  to  kill  a  French 
man,  or  any  other  of  their  Nation,  they  would  immediately 
obey  his  commandement.     Also  they  beleeve  that  all  the 
dreames  which  they  dreame  are  true :    and  indeede  there 
are  many  of  them,  which  say  that  they  have  seene  and 
dreamed  things  which  doe  happen  or  shall  happen.     But 
to  speake  truely  of  these  things,  they  are  visions  of  the 
Divell,  which  doth  deceive  and  seduce  them.     Loe  this 
is  all  their  beliefe  that  I  could  learne  of  them,  which  is 
brutish  and  bestiall.     All  these  people  are  well  propor- 
tioned of  their  bodies,  without  any  deformitie,  they  are 
well  set,  and  the  women  are  well  shapen,  fat  and  full,  of 
a  tawnie  colour  by  abundance  of  a  certaine  painting  where-  They  paint 
with  they  rubbe  themselves,  which  maketh  them  to  be  themehes 
of  an  Olive  colour.     They  are  appareUed  with  skins,  one  "^^  ^  ^^^^^ 
part   of   their  bodies   is   covered,   and   the   other   part  ^Thirappareil 
uncovered;    but  in  the  winter  they  cover  all,  for  they  of  skins. 
are  clad  with  good  Furres,  namely  with  the  skins  of 
Orignac,  Otters,  Bevers,  Lea-boores,  Stagges,  and  Deere, 
whereof  they  have  store.     In  the  winter  when  the  Snowes  A  device  to  gt^ 
are  great,  they  make  a  kinde  of  racket  which  is  twice  or  on  the  snw 
thrice  as  bigge  as  one  of  ours  in  France,  which  they  fasten  «^^^  ^^^''• 
to  their  feete,  and  so  goe  on  the  Snow  without  sinking ; 
for  otherwise  they  could  not  hunt  nor  travaile  in  many 
places.     They  have  also  a  kinde  of  Marriage,  which  is.  The  marriage 
that  when  a  Maide  is  foureteene  or  fifteene  yeares  old,  of  the  Savages. 
shee  shall  have  many  servants  and  friends,  and  she  may 
have  carnall  company  with  all  those  which  she  liketh, 
then  after  five  or  six  yeares,  she  may  take  which  of  them  [IV.  viii. 
she  will  for  her  husband,  and  so  they  shall  live  together  1610.] 

all  their  life  time,  except  that  after  they  have  lived  a 
certaine  time  together  and  have  no  children,  the  man  may 

199 


A.ir.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603, 

forsake  her  and  take  another  wife,  saying  that  his  old 

wife  is  nothing  worth,  so  that  the  Maides  are  moie  free 

then  the  married  Women.     After  they  he  married  they 

be  chaste,  and  their  husbands  for  the  most  part  are  jealous^ 

which  give  presents  to  the  Father  or  Parents  of  the  Maidc, 

which  thev  have  married :    loei  this  is  the  ceremonie  and 

fashion  which  they  use  in  their  marriages. 

Their  burials       Touching  their  burials,  when  a  man  or  woman  dieth, 

after  the  Tar-  they  make  a  pit,  wherein  they  put  all  the  goods  which 

tars  manner,    ^^^y   ^OY^^  ^g   Kettels,    Furres,    Hatchets,    Bowes  and 

Arrowes,  Appareil,  and  other  things,  and  then  they  put 

the  corps  into  the  grave,  and  cover  it  with  earth,  and  set 

store  of  great  peeces  of  wood  over  it,  and  one  stake  they 

set  up  on  end,  which  they  paint  with  red  on  the  top. 

They  beleeve    They  beleeve  the  immortality  of  the  Soule,  and  say  that 

theimmcr-      when  th^  be  dead  they  goe  into  other  Countries  to 

^HuU.  rejoyce  with  their  parents  and  friends. 

THe  eleventh  day  of  June,  I  went  some  twelve  or 
fifteene  leagues  up  Saguenay,  which  is  a  faire  River, 
^u^'^n^   and  of  incredible  depth ;  for  I  beleeve,  as  farre  as  I  could 
Chap,l,        learne  by  conference  whence  it  should  come,  that  it  is 
from  a  very  high  place,  from  whence  there  descendeth  a 
A  violent  fall  fall  of  water  with  great  impetuositie :    but  the  wat^  that 
of  water.         proceedeth  thereof  is  not  able  to  make  such  a  River  as 
this ;   which  neverthelesse  holdeth  not  but  from  the  said 
course  of  water  (where  the  first  fall  is)  unto  the  Port  of 
Tadousac,   which   is  the  mouth  of  the  said  River  of 
Saguenay,  in  which  space  are  fortie  five  or  fiftie  leagues, 
and  it  is  a  good  league  and  a  halfe  broad  at  the  most, 
and  a  quarter  of  a  league  where  it  is  narrowest,  which 
causeth  a  great  currant  of  water.     All  the  Countrie  which 
A  Mountain-   \  saw,  was  nothing  but  Mountaines,  the  most  part  of 
ous  Country,     p^ckes  covered  with  woods  of  Fir-trees,  Cypresses,  and 
Krch-trees,  the  soyle  very  unpleasant,  where  I  found  not 
a  league  of  plaine  Countrey,  neither  on  the  one  side  nor 
on  the  other.     There  are  certainc  hils  of  Sand  and  Isles 
in  the  said  River;  which  are  very  high  above  the  water. 

200 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

In  fine,  they  are  very  Desarts  voidc  of  Beasts  and  Birds ; 
for  I  assure  you,  as  I  went  on  hunting  through  places 
which  seemed  most  pleasant  unto  mee,  I  found  nothing 
at  all,  but  small  Birds  which  are  like  Nightingales,  and 
Swallowes,  which  come  thither  in  the  Summer;    for  at 
other  times  I  thinke  there  are  none,  because  of  the  exces- 
sive cold  which  is  there ;    this  River  commeth  from  the 
North-west.     They  repcMi^ed  unto  me,  that  having  passed  The  report  of 
the  first  fall,  from  whence  the  currant  of  water  commeth,  ^  beginning 
they  passe  eight  other  sauts  or  fals,  and  then  they  travaile  fJ^^J^^^-^ 
one  dayes  journey  without  finding  any,  then  they  passe    ^^"^  ^' 
ten  other  sauts,  and  come  into  a  Lake,  which  they  passe  J  Lake  tm 
in  two  dayes  (every  day  they  travaile  at  their  ease,  some  J^esjoumie 
twelve  or  fifteene  leagues :)  at  the  end  of  the  Ldce  there  ^^' 
are  people  lodged :  then  they  enter  into  three  other  Rivers,  Three  other 
three  or  foure  dayes  in  each  of  them;    at  the  end  of  ^^^^^s, 
which  Rivers  there  are  two  or  three  kinde  of  Lakes,  where  Two  or  three 
the  head  of  Saguenay  beginneth :   from  the  which  head  or  ^^^Vj^^% 
spring,  unto  3ie  said  Port  of  Tadousac,  is  ten  *  dayes  ^Samn^ 
joumee  with  their  Canowes.     On  the  side  of  the  said  hegtnneth. 
Rivers  are  many  lodgings,  whither  other  Nacions  come  ^Thatis^izo. 
fi*om  the  Norths  to  trucke  with  the  said  Mountainers,  ^^i^- 
for  skins  of  Bevers  and  Marterns,  for  other  Merchandises,  ^^^  ^ 
which  the  French  Ships  bring  to  the  said  Mountainers. 
The  said  Savages  of  the  North  say,  that  they  see  a  Sea,  ^  '^^^  ''^• 
which  is  salt.     I  hold,  if  this  be  so,  that  it  is  some  gulie 
of  this  our  Sea,  which  disgorgeth  it  selfe  bv  the  North 
port  between  the  lands;    and  in  very  deeae  it  can  be 
nothing  else.     This  is  that  which  I  have  learned  of  the 
River  of  Saguenay. 

ON   Wednesday    the    eighteenth    day    of    June,    we  Journey  to  the 
departed  from  Tadousac,  to  go  to  the  Sault:    ^eM^^^ 
passed  by  an  He,  which  is  called  the  He  du  lievre,  or  ^fJ^^^arrivaJ 
4e  He  of  the  Hare,  which  may  be  some  two  leagues  at  Quebec 
from  the  Land  on  the  North  side,  and  some  seven  leagues  Chap,  5. 
from  the  said  Tadousac,  and  five  leagues  from  the  South  The  hie  of  the 
Coast.     From  the  He  of  the  Hare  we  ranged  the  North  ^^'• 

20  r 


a.d; 

1603. 


Their  burials 
after  the  Tar- 
tars manner. 


PURCHAS   J 


forsake  her  and  take  a* 
wife  is  nothing  worth 
then  the  married  W, 
be  chaste,  and  their  J  i 
which  give  present;  2  ^ 
which  thev  have.  ]\'^ 
fashion  which  t%.^ 

i'7 


Touching  1)4 
they  make  a  ' 
they    have,/ 
Arrowes,  f^ 


'i^ 
^ 


^   *  point   «.!, 


7!i^  heleeve 
the  immor- 
tality of  the 


the  corps  *i 
set  up  }  ^ 


store  o?,  i| 


The  River  of 
Saguenay^  V 
his  origina/' 
Chaf.  4. 

A  viol 
ofv)( 

riV.  ^'*'' 
r    ,611. 


The  lie  of 
Orleance, 


-.c  into  the  i,v 
,  by  reason  ^f  t^e  v 
There  is  store  of  q/o*^      j 

^eth  into  the  Sea  about  halfe  a  Jeaoue. 

^.     -     ^  -^^Northof  thesaidlle,  whidiisc^X 

They -'  of  the  Hare  twelve  leagues. 

whej*         lursday  following  we  departed  from  thence,  wid 
rej         A  at  a  daingerous  nooke  on  the  Northside,  where 
e  be  certaine  Medowes,  and  a  little  River,  where  tiie 
^vages  lodge  sometimes.     The  said  day  wee  still  ranged 
^c  Coast  on  the  North,  vuito  a  place  where  wee  put  backe 
by  reasons  of  the  winds  which  were  contrary  unto  us, 
where  there  were  many  Rockes  and  places  very  dangerous : 
here  we  stayed  three  dayes  wayting  for  faire  weather.     All 
this  Coast  is  nothing  but  Mountaynes  as  well   on  the 
South  side  as  on  the  North,  the  most  part  like  the  Coast 
of  the  River  of  Saguenay.     On  Sunday  the    two   and 
]  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth  wee  departed  to  goe  to  the 
lie  of  Orleans,  in  the  way  there  are  many  lies  on  the 
South  shoare,  which  are  low  and  covered  with  trees,  shew- 
ing to  be  very  pleasant,  contayning  (as  I  was  able  to  judge) 
some  two  leagues,  and  one  league,  and  another  halife  a 
league.      About  these  lies  are  nothing  but  Rocks  and 
Flats,  very  dangerous  to  passe,  and  they  are  distant  some 
two  leagues  from  the  mayne  Land  on  the  South, 

And  from  thence  wee  ranged  the  He  of  Orleans  on  the 
Southside:  It  is  a  league  from  the  North  shoare,  very 
pleasant  and  levell,  contayning  eight  leagues  in  length. 
The  Coast  on  the  South  shoare  is  low  &nd,  some  two 


202 


SAMUEL  MPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

*nics  into  the  Countr  ^  leagues  from  Saint 

v^r  against  the  sai'  ^  ore.     Wee  departed 

•*  South  Coast  j^ing,  and  passed  by 

*ous  for  tb  ^  oare,  where  I  saw 

the  sa'  1^'  ^^  beare  Boats  Sixe small 

n  ?  ^  V       ^  i '?  broad :    there  ^^^^f- 

y  ^  ^'  -^'^oeth  farre  up 

oaid  Ki»  ^  *  c  rest  which 

.ountaine  the  g*  J  "  U  of  Trees 

although  within  the  5.  J      "^  smtVL : 

xiigh  Mountaynes  which  may  '^  Savages 

^ve  and  twenty  leagues  within  the  Lan^ 

the  first  Sault  of  Saguenay,     We  anchoi  Saint  ThelUZ, 

which  is  a  Strait  of  the  said  River  of  Canau.  ">rth  ^h^ 

some  three  hundred  pases  broad:    there  is  at  tn.        ,'th 
on  the  North  side  a  very  high  Mountayne,  which  td.     '• 
downe  on  both  sides :    all  the  rest  is  a  levell  and  goocu 
Countrey,  where  there  are  good  grounds  full  of  Trees       ^'  ^"* 
as  Okes,  Cypresses,  Birches,  Firre-trees  and  Aspes,  and  a'^'^I 

other  Trees  bearing  fruit,  and  wild  Vines:    So  that  in  ^^^^ 

mine  opinion,  if  they  were  dressed,  they  would  be  as 
good  as  ours.     There  are  along  the  Coast  of  the  said 
Quebec  Diamants  in  the  Rockes  of  Slate,  which  are  better  h'tarn^^ 
then  those  of  Alonson.     From  the  said  Quebec  to  the  He 
of  Coudre,  or  Filberds,  are  nine  and  twenty  leagues.         29.  Ua^^ 

ON  Munday  the  three  and  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth,  ^'  ^^>  0/ 
we  departed  from  Quebec,  where  the  River  beginneth  ^^aAsw  *"^ 
to  grow  broad  sometimes  one  league,  then  a  league  and  the  Rwlrl 
an  halfe  or  two  leagues  at  most.     The  Countrey  groweth  Rocks^  ikl^ 
still  feirer  and  feirer,  and  are  all  low  grounds,  without  ^^i^*  ^'"^j, 
Rockes,  or  very  few.     The  North  Coast  is  foil  of  Rockes  y'^J^./''*^'' 
and  bankes  of  Sand :   you  must  take  the  South  side,  about  Countries^ 
some  halfe  league  from  the  shore.     There  are  certaine  tokicharefrm 
small  Rivers  which  are  not  navigable,  but  only  for  the  6«^^^^^^ 
Canowes  of  the  Savages,  wherem  there  be  many  fals.  c^p'^^^^^^' 
Wee  anchored  as  high  as  Saint  Croix,  which  is  distant  Saint  Croix. 
from  Quebec  fifteene  leagues.     This  is  a  low  point,  which  15.  leagues. 

203 


A.D. 

1603. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 


TJie  hie  of 
FiWirds. 


Coast  about  halfe  a  league,  unto  a  point  that  runneth 
into  the  Sea,  where  a  man  must  keepe  farther  off. 

The  said  point  is  within  a  league  of  the  He,  which  is 
called  the  He  du  Coudre,  or  the  He  of  Filberds,  which 
may  be  some  two  leagues  in  leng^th :  And  from  the  said 
He  to  the  Land  on  the  North  sick  is  a  league.  The  said 
He  is  somewhat  even,  and  groweth  sharpe  toward  both 
the  ends ;  on  the  West  end  there  are  Medowes  and  Points 
of  Rockes  which  stretch  somewhat  into  the  Riven  The 
said  He  is  somewhat  pleasant,  by  reason  of  the  Woods 
which  environ  the  same.  There  is  store  of  Slate,  and  the 
soyle  is  somewhat  gravelly :  at  the  end  whereof  there  is 
a  Rocke  which  stretcheth  into  the  Sea  about  halfe  a  league. 
We  passed  to  the  North  of  the  said  He,  which  is  distant 
12.  kagius.     from  the  He  of  the  Hare  twelve  leagues. 

The  Thursday  following  we  departed  from  thence,  and 
anchored  at  a  dangerous  nooke  on  the  Northside,  where 
there  be  certaine  Medowes,  and  a  little  River,  where  the 
Savages  lodge  sometimes.  The  said  day  wee  still  ranged 
the  Coast  on  the  North,  unto  a  place  where  wee  put  baSce 
by  reasons  of  the  winds  which  were  contrary  unto  us, 
where  there  were  many  Rockes  and  places  very  dangerous : 
here  we  stayed  three  dayes  wayting  for  faire  weather.  All 
this  Coast  is  nothing  but  Mountaynes  as  well  on  the 
South  side  as  on  the  North,  the  most  part  like  the  Coast 
of  the  River  of  Saguenay.  On  Sunday  the  two  and 
1  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth  wee  departed  to  goe  to  the 
He  of  Orleans,  in  the  way  there  are  many  Ifes  on  the 
South  shoare,  which  are  low  and  covered  with  trees,  shew- 
ing to  be  very  pleasant,  contayning  (as  I  was  able  to  judge) 
some  two  leagues,  and  one  league,  and  another  haUe  a 
league.  About  these  Hes  are  nothing  but  Rocks  and 
Flats,  very  dangerous  to  passe,  and  they  are  distant  some 
two  leagues  from  the  mayne  Land  on  the  South. 

And  from  thence  wee  ranged  the  He  of  Orleans  on  the 
Southside:  It  is  a  league  from  the  North  shoare,  very 
pleasant  and  levell,  contayning  eight  leagues  in  length. 
The  Coast  on  the  South  shoare  is  low  knd,  some  two 


[IV.  viii. 
1611 


The  lie  of 
Orleance. 


203 


SAMUEL   CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

leagues  into  the  Countrey:    the  said  lands  begin  to  be 

low  over  against  the  said  He,  which  beginneth  two  leagues 

from  the  South  Coast:    to  passe  by  the  North  side  is 

very  dangerous  for  the  bankes  of  Sand  and  Rockes,  which 

are  betweene  the  said  He  and  the  mayne  Land,  which  is 

almost  all  dry  at  a  low  water.     At  the  end  of  the  said 

He  I  saw  a  fall  of  water,  which  fell  from  a  great  Moun- 

taine,  of  the  said  River  of  Canada,  and  on  the  top  of 

the  said  Moiintaine  the  ground  is  levell  and  pleasant  to 

behold,  although  within  the  said  Countries  a  man  may 

sec  high  Mountaynes  which  may  bee  some  twenty,  or 

five  and  twenty  leagues  within  the  Lands,  which  are  neere 

the  first  Sault  of  Saguenay.     We  anchored  at  Quebec,  Quebec. 

which  is  a  Strait  of  the  said  River  of  Canada,  which  is 

some  three  hundred  pases  broad :    there  is  at  this  Strait 

on  the  North  side  a  very  high  Mountayne,  which  falleth 

downe  on  both  sides :    all  the  rest  is  a  leveU  and  goodly 

Countrey,  where  there  are  good  grounds  full  of  Trees, 

as  Okes,  Cypresses,  Birches,  Firre-trees  and  Aspes,  and 

other  Trees  bearing  fruit,  and  wild  Vines:    So  that  in 

mine  opinion,  if  they  were  dressed,  they  would  be  as 

good  as  ours.     There  are  along  the  Coast  of  the  said 

Quebec  Diamants  in  the  Rockes  of  Slate,  which  are  better  Diamants. 

then  those  of  Alonson.     From  the  said  Quebec  to  the  He 

of  Coudre,  or  Filberds,  are  nine  and  twenty  leagues.         29.  leagues. 

Of  the  point  of 

ON  Munday  the  three  and  twentieth  of  the  said  moneth,  f^^^^*  ^ 

we  departed  from  Quebec,  where  the  River  beginneth  saHs^of 

to  grow  broad  sometimes  one  league,  then  a  league  and  the  Rivers^ 

an  nalfe  or  two  leagues  at  most.     The  Countrey  groweth  Rocksy  Iksy 

still  fairer  and  feirer,  and  are  all  low  grounds,  without  ^^.^»  ^^^^/, 

Rockes,  or  very  few.     The  North  Coast  is  fuU  of  Rockes  y^W 

and  bankes  of  Sand :   you  must  take  the  South  side,  about  Countries^ 

some  halfe  league  from  the  shore.     There  are  certaine  whicharefrom 

small  Rivers  which  are  not  navigable,  but  only  for  the  Q^^^^^^ 

Canowes  of  the  Savages,  wherem  there  be  many  fals.  cj^l'^^^^^'' 

Wee  anchored  as  high  as  Saint  Croix,  which  is  distant  Saint  Croix. 

from  Quebec  fifteene  leagues.     This  is  a  low  point,  which  15.  leagues. 

203 


A.D. 
1603. 


Ground  Nuts. 


The  River 
Badscan. 

Another 
River, 


ji  goodly 
Countrie. 


An  lU  fall  of 
Vines. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

riseth  up  on  both  sides.  The  Countrcy  is  faire  and  levcll, 
and  the  soyles  better  then  in  any  place  that  I  have  scenc» 
with  plenty  of  wood,  but  very  few  Firre-trees  and 
Cypresses.  There  are  in  these  parts  great  store  of  Vines, 
Peares,  small  Nuts,  Cheries,  Goose-beries,  red  and  grccne, 
and  certaine  small  Roots  of  the  bignesse  of  a  little  Nut, 
resembling  Musheroms  in  taste,  which  are  very  good 
roasted  and  sod.  All  this  soyle  is  blacke,  without  any 
Rockes,  save  that  there  is  great  store  of  Slate :  The  soyk 
is  very  soft,  and  if  it  were  well  manured  it  would  yedd 
great  increase.  On  the  Northside  there  is  a  River  which 
is  called  Batiscan,  which  goeth  farre  into  the  Countrcy, 
whereby  sometimes  the  Algoumequins  come  downe :  and 
another  on  the  same  side  three  leagues  from  the  said  Saint 
Croix,  in  the  way  from  Quebec,  which  is  that  where 
Jacques  Quartier  was  in  the  beginning  of  the  EMscovery 
which  he  made  hereof,  and  hee  passed  no  farther.  The 
said  River  is  pleasant,  and  goeth  farre  up  into  the 
Countries.  All  this  North  Coast  is  very  levell  and  delect- 
able. 

On  Tuesday  the  foure  and  twentieth  of  the  said  moncth, 
wee  departed  from  the  said  Saint  Croix,  where  we  stayed 
a  tyde  and  an  halfe,  that  we  might  passe  the  next  day 
following  by  day  light,  because  of  the  great  number  of 
Rockes  which  are  thwart  the  River  (a  strange  thing  to 
behold^  which  is  in  a  manner  dry  at  a  low  water:  But 
at  halfe  flood,  a  man  may  beginne  to  passe  safely;  yet 
you  must  take  good  heed,  with  the  Lead  alwayes  in  hand. 
The  tyde  floweth  heere  almost  three  fkthomes  and  an 
halfe :  the  farther  we  went,  the  fairer  was  the  Countrcy. 
We  went  some  five  leagues  and  an  halfe,  and  anchored 
on  the  North  side.  The  Wednesday  following  wee 
departed'  from  the  said  place,  which  is  a  flatter  Countrey 
then  that  which  we  passed  before,  full  of  great  store  of 
Trees  as  that  of  Saint  Croix.  We  passed  hard  by  a  little 
He,  which  was  full  of  Vines,  and  came  to  an  Anchor  on 
the  South  side  neere  a  little  Hill :  but  beeing  on  the  top 
thereof  all  is  even  ground. 

204 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

There  is  another  little  He  three  leagues  from  Saint 
Croix,  joyning  neere  the  South  shore.  Wee  departed 
from  the  said  Hill  the  Thursday  following,  and  passed  by 
a  little  He,  which  is  neere  the  North  shoare,  where  I  saw 
sixe  small  Rivers,  whereof  two  are  able  to  beare  Boats  Sixe  small 
fare  up,  and  another  is  three  hundred  pases  broad :  there  -^'^^^• 
are  certaine  Hands  in  the  mouth  of  it ;  it  goeth  farre  up 
into  the  Countrey ;  it  is  the  deepest  of  all  the  rest  which 
are  very  pleasant  to  behold,  the  soyle  being  full  of  Trees 
which  are  like  to  Walnut-trees,  and  have  the  same  smell : 
but  I  saw  no  Fruit,  which  maketh  me  doubt :  the  Savages 
told  me  that  they  beare  Fruit  like  ours. 

In  passing  further  we  met  an  He,  which  is  called  Saint  The  lie  S. 
Eloy,  and  another  little  He,  which  is  hard  by  the  North  ^h- 
shoare :    we  passed  betweene  the  said  lie  and  the  North 
shore,  where  betpv^eene  the  one  and  the  other  are  some 
hundred  and  fiftie  paces.     From  the  said  He  ^t  passed 
a  league  and  an  halfe,  on  the  South  side  neere  unto  a  [IV.  viii. 
River,  whereon  Ganowes  might  goc.     All  this  Coast  on         z\^'*'i 
the  North  side  is  very  good,  one  may  passe  freely  there,  j^J^^^/^  ^^ 
yet  with  the  Lead  in  the  hand,  to  avoid  certaine  points. 
All  this  Coast  which  we  ranged  is  moving  Sand;    but 
after  you  be  entred  a  little  into  the  Woods,  the  soile  is 
good.     The  Friday  following  we  departed  from  this  He, 
coasting  still  the  North  side  hard  by  the  shoare,  which 
is  low  and  frill  of  good  Trees,  and  in  great  number  as 
ferre  as  the  three  Rivers,  where  it  beginneth  to  have 
another  temperature  of  the  season,  somewhat  differing  ji  better 
from  that  or  Saint  Croix :    because  the  Trees  are  there  ^^'"P^ratare. 
more  forward  then  in  any  place  that  hitherto  I  had  seene. 
From  the  three  Rivers  to  Saint  Croix  are  fifreene  leagues.   15.  leagues. 
In  this  River  are  sixe  Hands,  three  of  which  are  very 
small,  and  the  other  some  five  or  sixe  hundred  paces  long, 
very  pleasant  and  fertile,  for  the  little  quantitie  of  ground 
that  they  containe.     There  is  one  Hand  in  the  middest  AnlUmdfitto 
of  the  said  River,  which  looketh  directly  upon  the  passage  he  planted, 
oi  the  River  of  Canada,  and  commandeth  the  other  Hands 
which  lye  further  from  the  shoare,  aswell  on  the  one  side 

205 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

as  on  the  other,  of  foure  or  five  hundred  paces :  it  riseth 
on  the  South  side,  and  falleth  somewhat  on  the  North 
side.  This  in  my  judgement  would  be  a  very  fit  place 
to  inhabit ;   and  it  might  bee  quickly  fortified :    for  the 

A  great  Lake,  situation  is  strong  of  it  selfe,  and  neere  unto  a  great  Lake, 
which  is  above  foure  leagues  distant,  which  is  almost 
joyned  to  the  River  of  Saguenay,  by  the  report  of  the 
Savages,  which  travell  almost  an  hundred  leagues  North- 
ward, and  passe  many  Saults,  and  then  goe  by  Land  some 
five  or  sixe  leagues,  and  enter  into  a  Lake,  whence  the 

The  head  of    said  River  of  Sa^enay  receiveth  the  best  part  of  his 

Saguenay        Sprinfif,  and  the  said  Savaees  come  from  the  said  Lake  to 

^o6.  league.     Y^dot^.  ^ 

Moreover,  the  planting  of  The  three  Rivers  would  be 
a  benefit  for  the  uberty  of  certaine  Nations,  which  dare 
not  come  that  way  for  feare  of  the  said  Irocois  their 
enemies,  which  border  upon  all  the  said  River  of  Canada. 
But  this  place  being  inhabited,  we  might  make  the  Irocois 
and  the  other  Savages  friends,  or  at  least  wise  under  the 
favour  of  the  said  Plantation,  the  said  Savages  might 
passe  freely  without  feare  or  danger:  because  the  said 
place  of  The  three  Rivers  is  a  passage.  All  the  soylc 
which  I  saw  on  the  North  shoare  is  sandy.  Wee  went 
up  above  a  league  into  the  said  River,  and  could  passe 
ji  great  course  no  further,  by  reason  of  the  great  cxurent  of  water.  We 
of  water.  ^qqj^-  ^  Boate  to  search  up  further,  but  we  went  not  past 
a  league,  but  we  met  a  very  Strait  full  of  water,  of  some 
twelve  paces,  which  caused  us  that  we  could  not  passe 
no  further.  All  the  ground  which  I  saw  on  the  bankes 
of  the  said  River  riseth  more  and  more,  and  is  full  of 
Firre-trees  and  Cypresse  Trees,  and  hath  very  few  other 
Trees. 


Great  Lake 
described  and 


ON  the  Saturday  following,  we  departed  from  The 
three  Rivers,  and  anchored  at  a  Lake,  which  is  foure 
Imdsf         leagues  distant.     All  this  Countrey  from  The  three  Rivers 
Chap.  J.         to  the  entrance  of  the  said  Lake  is  low  ground,  even 
with  the  water  on  the  North  side ;  and  on  the  South  side 

2o6 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

it  is  somewhat  higher.  The  said  Countrey  is  exceeding 
good,  and  the  most  pleasant  that  hitherto  we  had  seene : 
the  Woods  are  very  thinne,  so  that  a  man  may  travell 
easily  through  them.  The  next  day  being  the  nine  and 
twentieth  of  June,  we  entred  into  the  Lake,  which  is  some 
fifteene  leagues  in  length,  and  some  seven  or  eight  leagues 
broad:  At  the  entrance  thereof  on  the  Southside  within 
a  league  there  is  a  River  which  is  very  ^eat,  and  entreth 
into  the  Countrey  some  sixtie  or  eightie  leagues,  and 
continuing  along  the  same  Coast,  there  is  another  little 
River,  which  pierceth  about  two  leases  into  the  Land, 
and  commeth  out  of  another  small  Lake,  which  may 
containe  some  three  or  foure  leag;ues.  On  the  North  side 
where  the  Land  sheweth  very  hi^h,  a  man  may  see  some 
twentie  leagues  off;  but  by  litUe  and  little  the  Moun- 
taynes  beginne  to  fall  toward  the  West,  as  it  were  into  a 
flat  Countrey. 

The  Savages  say,  that  the  greatest  part  of  these  Moun- 
taynes  are  bad  soyle.  The  said  Lake  hath  some  three 
fethoms  water  whereas  we  passed,  which  was  almost  in 
the  middest :  the  length  lieth  East  and  West,  and  the 
breadth  from  North  to  the  South.  I  thinke  it  hath  good 
fish  in  it,  of  such  kinds  as  we  have  in  our  owne  Countrey. 
Wee  passed  it  the  very  same  day,  and  anchored  about 
two  leagues  within  the  great  River  which  goeth  up  to 
the  Sault :  In  the  mouth  whereof  are  thirtie  small  Hands, 
as  ferre  as  I  could  discerne;  some  of  them  are  of  two 
leagues,  others  a  league  and  an  halfe,  &  some  lesse,  which 
are  full  of  Walnut-trees,  which  are  not  much  different 
from  ours ;  and  I  thinke  their  Walnuts  are  good  when 
they  bee  ripe :  I  saw  many  of  them  under  the  Trees, 
which  were  of  two  sorts,  the  one  small,  and  the  others 
as  long  as  a  mans  Thumbe,  but  they  were  rotten.  There 
are  also  store  of  Vines  upon  the  bankes  of  the  said  Hands. 
But  when  the  waters  be  great,  the  most  part  of  them  is 
covered  with  water.  And  this  Countrey  is  yet  better 
then  any  other  which  I  had  seene  before. 

The  last  day  of  June  wee  departed  from  thence,  and 

207 


A.D. 
1603. 


The  Lake  of 
Arplesme. 
15.  leagues, 

A  great 
River. 

Another  small 
River, 


Two  leagues. 
30.  smal 
Hands. 


Wal-nuts  of 
two  sorts. 

Store  of  Vines. 


Good 
Countries. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

The  River  of  passed  by  the  mouth  of  the  River  of  the  Irocois ;  where 

the  Irocois.      the  Savages  which  came  to  make  warre  against  them,  were 

Their  manner  lodged  and  fortified.     Their  Fortresse  was  made  with  a 

cf  fortification  number  of  posts  set  very  close  one  to  another,  which 

mth  stakes.     JQ^^ej  q^  t^^  Q^e  side  on  the  banke  of  the  great  River 

of  Canada,  and  the  other  on  the  banke  of  the  River  of 

the  Irocois :    and  their  Boates  were  ranged  the  one  by 

the  other  neere  the  shoare,  that  they  might  flie  away  with 

speed,  if  by  chance  they  should  bee  surprised  by  the 

Irocois.     For  their  Fort  is  covered  with  the  barke  of 

[IV.  viii.        Okcs,  and  serveth  them  for  nothing  else,  but  to  have 

>^nO  time  to  embarke  themselves.     We  went  up  the  River 

of  the  Irocois  some  five  or  sixe  leagues,  and  could  passe 

no  farther  with  our  Pinnasse,  by  reason  of  the  great  course 

of  water  which  descendeth,  and  also  because  we  cannot 

5oe  on  Land,  and  draw  the  Pinnasse  for  the  multitude  of 
rees  which  are  upon  the  bankes. 
Seeing  we  could  not  passe  any  further,  we  tooke  our 
Skiffe,  to  see  whether  the  current  were  more  gcnde,  but 
going  up  some  two  leagues,  it  was  yet  stronger,  and  wee 
could  goe  no  higher.     Being  able  to  doe  no  more  we 
returned  to  our  Pinnasse.     All  this  River  is  some  three 
hundred  or  foure  hundred  paces  Inroad,  and  very  whol- 
Five  Hands,     some.     Wce  saw  five  Hands  in  it,  distant  one  from  the 
other  a  quarter  or  halfe  a  league,  or  a  league  at  the  most: 
one  of  which  is  a  league  long,  which  is  the  neerest  to 
the  mouth,  and  the  others  are  very  small.     All  these 
Countries  are  covered  with  Trees  and  low  Lands,  lilce 
those  wthich  I  had  seene  before ;  but  here  are  more  Firres 
and  Cypresses  then  in  other  places.     Neverthelcsse,  the 
THs  River      soik  is  good,  although  it  bee  somewhat  sandy.     This 
^^lahw^'ir^^  River  runneth  in  a  manner  South-west.     The  Savages 
out  -west.      ^y^  ^j^^^  gome  fifteene  leagues  from  the  place  where  we 
were  up  the  River,  there  is  a  Sault  which  falleth  downc 
from  a  very  ^teepe  place,  wh^x  they  carry  their  Canowcs 
to  passe  the  same  some  quarter  or  a  league,  and  come 
into  a  Lake ;  at  the  mouth  whereof,  are  three  Hands,  and 
being  within  the  same  -they  meete  with  more  lies :    This 

208 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

Lake  may  containe  some  fortie  or  fiftie  leagues  in  length, 
and  some  five  and  twentie  leagues  in  breadth,  into  which 
many  Rivers  fall,  to  the  number  of  ten,  which  came 
Canowes  very  far  up.  When  they  are  come  to  the  end 
of  this  Lake,  there  is  another  &11,  and  they  enter  againe 
into  another  Lake,  which  is  as  great  as  the  former,  at  the 
head  whereof  the  Irocois  are  lodged.  They  say  more- 
over, that  there  is  a  River,  which  runneth  unto  the  Coast 
of  Florida,  whether  it  is  from  the  said  last  Lake  some 
hundred,  or  an  hundred  and  fortie  leagues.  All  the 
Coimtrey  of  the  Irocois  is  somewhat  Mountaynous,  yet 
notwithstanding  exceeding  good,  temperate,  without  much 
Winter,  which  is  very  short  there. 

AFter  our  departure  from  the  River  of  the  Irocois,  wee 
anchored  three  leagues  beyond  the  same,  on  the 
North  side.  All  this  Countrie  is  a  lowe  Land,  replenished 
with  all  sorts  of  trees,  which  I  have  spoken  of  before. 
The  first  day  of  July  we  coasted  the  North  side,  where 
the  wood  is  very  thinne,  and  more  thinne  then  wee  had 
seene  in  any  place  before,  and  all  good  land  for  tillage. 
I  went  in  a  Canoa  to  the  South  shoare,  where  I  saw  a 
number  of  lies,  which  have  many  fruitfuU  trees,  as  Vines, 
Wal-nuts,  Hasel-nuts,  and  a  kinde  of  fhiit  like  Chest-nuts, 
Cheries,  Oakes,  Aspe,  Hoppes,  Ashe,  Beech,  Cypresses, 
very  few  Pines  and  Firre-trees.  There  are  also  other 
trees  which  I  knew  not,  which  are  very  pleasant.  Wee 
found  there  store  of  Strawberries,  Rasp-berries  Goos- 
berries  red,  greene,  and  blue,  with  many  small  fhiits, 
which  growe  there  among  great  abundance  of  grasse. 
There  are  also  many  wilde  Beasts,  as  Orignas,  Stagges, 
Does,  Buckes,  Beares,  Porkepickes,  Conies,  Foxes, 
Beavers,  Otters,  Muske-rats,  and  certaine  other  kindes 
of  beasts  which  I  doe  not  knowe,  which  are  good  to  eate, 
and  whereof  the  Savages  live.  Wee  passed  by  an  He, 
which  is  very  pleasant,  and  containeth  some  foure  leagues 
in  length,  and  halfe  a  league  in  breadth.  I  saw  toward 
the  South  two  high  Mountaines,  which  shewed  some 


A.D. 

1603. 
A  Lake  some 
firtie  or  fiftie 
leagues  long  in 
the  Countrey 
of  the  Irocoii. 


The  gpodnesse 
and  short 
winter  of  the 
Countrey  of 
Irocois, 

Their  arrival 
at  the  Sault  or 
Fall  of  the 
River  of 
Canadoj  the 
description 
thereof 
Cha.  8. 


Fruitfisll 
Trees  of  many 
sorts. 


Orignas  are 
before  said  to 
bee  like  oxen 
perhaps 
Buffes. 

Lescarbot^that 
Orignacs  are 
Ellans, 
Wilde  beasts, 
A  pleasant  lie. 


XVIII 


209 


A.D. 

1603. 


Many  Hands, 


July  I. 
Many  more 
Hands. 


The  entrance 
of  the  Sault  or 
Fall. 
An  lie. 


A  great 
current  of 
water. 


Monsieur  du 
Pont  and 
Monsieur  du 
Champlasne 
search  the 
Sault. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

twentie  leagues  within  the  Land.  The  Savages  told  mcc, 
that  here  beganne  the  first  fell  of  the  foresaid  River  of 
the  Irocois.  The  Wednesday  following  wee  departed 
from  this  place,  and  sayled  some  five  or  sixe  leagues. 
Wee  saw  many  Hands :  the  Land  is  there  very  lowe,  and 
these  lies  are  covered  with  trees,  as  those  or  the  River 
of  the  Irocois  were. 

The  day  following,  being  the  third  of  July,  we  ranne 
ccrtaine  leagues,  and  passed  likewise  by  many  other  Hands, 
which  are  excellent  good  and  pleasant,  through  the  great 
store  of  Medowes  which  are  there  about,  as  well  on  the 
shoare  of  the  maine  Land,  as  of  the  other  Hands:  and 
all  the  Woods  are  of  very  small  growth,  in  comparison 
of  those  which  wee  had  passed.  At  length  we  came  this 
very  day  to  the  entrance  of  the  Saxdt  or  Fall  of  the  great 
River  of  Canada,  with  favourable  wind;  and  wee  met 
with  an  He,  which  is  almost  in  the  middest  of  the  said 
entrance,  which  is  a  quarter  of  a  league  long,  and  passed 
on  the  South  side  or  the  said  He,  where  there  was  not 
past  three,  foure  or  five  foot  water,  and  sometimes  a 
fathome  or  two,  and  straight  on  the  sudden  wee  found 
againe  not  past  three  or  foure  foot.  There  are  many 
Rockes,  and  small  Hands,  whereon  there  is  no  wood,  and 
they  are  even  with  the  water.  From  the  beginning  of 
the  foresaid  He,  which  is  in  the  middest  of  the  said 
entrance,  the  water  beginneth  to  nmne  with  a  great  force. 
Although  we  had  the  wind  very  good,  yet  wee  coxild  not 
with  all  our  might  make  any  great  way:  neverthelesse 
wee  passed  the  said  He  which  is  at  the  entrance  of  the 
Sault  or  Fall.  When  wee  perceived  that  wee  could  goe 
no  further,  wee  came  to  an  anchor  on  the  North  shoare 
over  against  a  small  Hand,  which  aboundeth  for  the  most 
part  with  those  kinde  of  fruits  which  I  have  spoken  of 
before.  Without  all  delay  wee  made  ready  oiur  skiffe, 
which  wee  had  made  of  purpose  to  passe  the  said  Sault : 
whereinto  the  said  Monsieur  de  Pont  and  my  selffe  entred, 
with  certaine  Savages,  which  we  had  brought  with  us  to 
shew  us  the  way.     Departing  from  our  Pinnace,  we  were 

210 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

scarse  gone  three  hundred  paces,  but  we  were  forced  to 
come  out,  and  cause  certain  Mariners  to  goe  into  the 
water  to  free  our  Skiffe.  The  Canoa  of  the  Savages 
passed  easily.  Wee  met  with  an  infinite  number  of  small 
Rockes,  which  were  even  with  the  water,  on  which  wee 
touched  oftentimes. 

There  be  two  great  Hands,  one  on  the  North  side,  which 
containeth  some  fifteene  leagues  in  length,  and  almost  as 
much  in  breadth,  beginning  some  twelve  leagues  up 
within  the  River  of  Canada,  going  toward  the  River  of  the 
Irocois,  and  endeth  beyond  the  Sault.  The  Hand  which 
is  on  the  South  side  is  some  foure  leagues  long,  and  some 
halfe  league  broad.  There  is  also  another  Hand,  which  is 
neere  to  that  on  the  North  side,  which  may  bee  some  halfe 
league  long,  and  some  quarter  broad :  and  another  small 
Hand  which  is  betweene  that  on  the  North  side,  and 
another  neerer  to  the  South  shoare,  whereby  wee  passed 
the  entrance  of  the  Sault.  This  entrance  being  passed, 
there  is  a  kinde  of  Lake,  wherein  all  these  Hands  are, 
some  five  leagues  long  and  almost  as  broad,  wherein  are 
many  small  Ifends  which  are  Rockes.  There  is  a  Moun- 
taine  neere  the  said  Sault  which  discovereth  farre  into  the 
Coxmtrie,  and  a  little  River  which  falleth  from  the  said 
Mountaine  into  the  Lake.  On  the  South  side  are  some 
three  or  foure  Mountaines,  which  seeme  to  be  about 
fifteene  or  sixteene  leagues  within  the  Land.  There  are 
also  two  Rivers;  one,  which  goeth  to  the  first  Lake  of 
the  River  of  the  Irocois,  by  which  sometimes  the 
Algoumequins  invade  them :  and  another  which  is  neere 
unto  the  SaiJt,  which  runneth  not  farre  into  the  Countrey. 

At  our  comming  neere  to  the  said  Sault  with  our  Skiffe 
and  Canoa,  I  assure  you,  I  never  saw  any  streame  of  water 
to  fall  downe  with  such  force  as  this  doth;  although  it 
bee  not  very  high,  being  not  in  some  places  past  one  or 
two  fathoms,  and  at  the  most  three :  it  falleth  as  it  were 
steppe  by  steppe :  and  in  every  place  where  it  hath  some 
small  heigth,  it  maketh  a  strong  boyling  with  the  force 
and  strength  of  the  running  of  the  water.     In  the  breadth 

211 


A.D. 

1603. 


[IV.  viii. 

1614.] 
Taw  great 
Hands, 


J  kinde/ Lake 
some  ^.leagues 


3.or^ 
Monntaines  on 
the  South  side. 
Two  Rivers. 


Thefuneof 
the  fall  of 
mater. 


A.D. 
1603. 

The  Sault  a 
league  broad. 


The  stoift 
current  of  ike 
water  above 
tkeFaU. 


TenSaulis 
more. 


Temperate 

Mrey  and  good 

soyie. 

The  Sault  is 

in  45.  degrees 

and  certaine 

minutes, 

A  draught  of 

the  Savages, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

of  the  said  Sault,  which  may  containe  some  league,  there 
are  many  broad  Rockes,  and  aknost  in  the  middest,  there 
are  very  narrow  and  long  Hands,  where  there  is  a  Fall 
as  well  on  the  side  of  the  said  lies  which  are  toward  the 
South,  as  on  the  North  side :  where  it  is  so  dangerous, 
that  it  is  not  possible  for  any  man  to  passe  with  any  Boat, 
how  small  soever  it  be.  We  went  on  land  through  the 
Woods,  to  see  the  end  of  this  Sault :  where,  after  wee 
had  travelled  a  league,  wee  saw  no  more  Rockes  nor  Falls : 
but  the  water  runneth  there  so  swiftly  as  it  is  possible: 
and  this  current  lasteth  for  three  or  foiu-e  leagues:  so 
that  it  is  in  vaine  to  imagine,  that  a  man  is  able  to  passe 
the  said  Saults  with  any  Soats.  But  he  that  would  passe 
them,  must  fit  himselfe  with  the  Canoas  of  the  Savages, 
which  one  man  may  easily  carrie.  For  to  carrie  Boats  is 
a  thing  which  cannot  be  done  in  so  short  time  as  it  should 
bee  to  bee  able  to  returne  into  France,  unlesse  a  man  would 
winter  there.  And  beside  this  first  Sault,  there  arc  ten 
Saults  more,  the  most  part  hard  to  passe.  So  that  it 
would  be  a  matter  of  great  paines  and  travell  to  bee  able 
to  see  and  doe  that  by  Boat  which  a  man  might  promise 
himselfe,  without  great  cost  and  charge,  and  also  to  bee 
in  danger  to  travdl  in  vaine.  But  with  the  Canoas  of 
the  Savages  a  man  may  travell  freely  and  readily  into  all 
Countries,  as  well  in  the  small  as  in  the  great  Rivers :  So 
that  directing  himselfe  by  the  meanes  of  the  said  Savages 
and  their  Canoas,  a  man  may  see  all  that  is  to  be  scene, 
good  and  bad,  within  the  space  of  a  yeere  or  two.  That 
fittle  way  which  wee  travelled  by  Land  on  the  side  of  the 
said  Sault,  is  a  very  thinne  Wood,  through  which  men 
with  their  Armes  may  march  easily,  without  any  trouble ; 
the  aire  is  there  more  gentle  and  temperate,  and  the 
soyle  better  then  in  any  place  that  I  had  seene,  where  is 
store  of  such  wood  and  fi-uits,  as  are  in  all  other  places 
before  mentioned :  and  it  is  in  the  latitude  of  45.  degrees 
and  certaine  minutes. 

When  we  saw  that  we  could  doe  no  more,  we  returned 
to  our  Pinnace ;   where  we  examined  the  Savages  which 

212 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

we  had  with  us,  of  the  end  of  the  River,  which  I  caused 

them  to  draw  with  their  hand,  and  from  what  part  the 

Head  thereof  came.     They  told  us,  that  beyond  the  first 

Sault  that  we  had  seene,  they  travelled  some  ten  or  fifteene 

leagues  with  their  Canoas  in  the  River,  where  there  is  a 

River  which  runneth  to  the  dwelling  of  the  Algoumequins, 

which  are  some  sixty  leagues  distant  from  the  great  River ; 

and  then  they  passed  five  Saults,  which  may  containe  from 

the  first  to  the  last  eight  leagues,  whereof  there  are  two 

where  they  carrie  their  Canoas  to  passe  them :  every  Sault 

may  containe  halfe  a  quarter  or  a  quarter  of  a  league  at 

the  most.     And  then  they  come  into  a  Lake,  which  may 

be  fifteene  or  sixteene  leagues  long.     From  thence  they 

enter  againc  into  a  River  which  may  be  a  lea^e  broad, 

and  travel!  some  two  leagues  in  the  same ;  and  then  they 

enter  into  another  Lake  some  foure  or  five  leagues  long : 

conuning  to  the  end  thereof,  they  passe  five  other  Saults, 

distant  from  the  first  to  the  last  some  five  and  twenty  or 

thirty  leagues ;  whereof  there  are  three  where  they  carrie 

their  Canoas  to  passe  them,  and  thorow  the  other  two  they 

doe  but  draw  them  in  the  water,  because  the  current  is 

not  there  so  strong,  nor  so  bad,  as  in  the  others.     None 

of  all  these  Saults  is  so  hard  to  passe,  as  that  which  we 

saw.     Then  they  come  into  a  Lake,  which  may  containe 

some  eighty  leagues  in  length,  in  which  are  many  Hands, 

and  at  tne  end  of  the  same  the  water  is  brackish,  and  *  the 

Winter  gentle.     At  the  end  of  the  said  Lake  they  passe 

a  Saidt   which    is    somewhat   high,   where   little   water 

descendeth :  there  they  carrie  their  Canoas  by  land  about 

a  quarter  of  a  league  to  passe  this  Sault.     From  thence 

they  enter  into  another  Lake,  which  may  be  some  sixty 

leagues  long,  and  that  the  water  thereof  is  very  brackish : 

at  the  end  thereof  they  come  unto  a  Strait  which  is  two 

leagues  broad,  and  it  goeth  farre  into  the  Countrie.     They 

told  us,  that  they  themselves  had  passed  no  farther ;  and 

that  they  had  not  seene  the  end  of  a  Lake,  which  is  within 

fifteene  or  sixteene  leagues  of  the  farthest  place  where 

themselves  had  beene,  nor  that  they  which  told  them  of 

213 


A.D. 

1603. 


The  first 
report  of  the 
Savages  touch- 
ing the  Head 
of  the  River. 
A  River 
running  60. 
leags  into  the 
Countrie  of 
the  Algmme- 
qmns, 

A  Lake  of  \^, 
leagues. 


Another  Lake 
of  \.  leagues. 
Five  other 
$aults. 


A  Lake  of  %o. 
leagues  long, 
Brakish 
water. 
*It  seemeth 
hereby  to  trend 
southward. 
The  lastSault. 
Another  Lake 
60.  leagues 
long^  very 
brakish. 
A  Strait  of  z. 
leagues  broad. 
Another 
mightie  Lake. 
[IV.  viii. 

1615.] 


A.D. 
1603. 


The  southerne 
situaHon  of  a 
great  Lake, 
The  water  as 
salt  as  sea- 
water. 


Many  Rivers 
running  south 
and  north, 
Hudsons 
River  may  be 
one  of  these. 

An  exceeding 
great  River, 


The  south  Sea, 


OfCanaday 
and  of  the 
number  of  the 
T ah  and 
Lakes  whkh  it 
passeth  hy. 
Chap,  9. 
July  j^. 
The  River  of 
the  Irocois. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

it  had  knowne  any  man  that  had  seene  the  end  thereof, 
because  it  is  so  &;reat  that  they  would  not  hazard  them- 
selves to  sayle  farre  into  the  same,  for  feare  lest  some 
storme  or  gust  of  winde  should  surprise  them.  They 
say  that  in  the  Summer  the  Sunne  doth  set  to  the  North 
or  the  said  Lake,  and  in  the  Winter  it  setteth  as  it  were 
in  the  middest  thereof :  That  the  water  is  there  exceeding 
salt,  to  wit,  as  salt  as  the  Sea  water.  I  asked  them 
whether  from  the  last  Lake  which  they  had  seene,  the 
water  descended  alwaies  downe  the  River  conmiing  to 
Gaschepay.?  They  told  me,  no:  but  said,  that  from  the 
third  Lake  onely  it  descended  to  Gaschepay:  But  that 
from  the  last  Sault,  which  is  somewhat  high,  as  I  have 
said,  the  water  was  almost  still,  and  that  me  said  Lake 
might  take  his  course  by  other  Rivers,  which  passe  within 
the  Lands,  either  to  the  South,  or  to  the  North,  whereof 
there  are  many  that  runne  there,  the  end  whereof  thev 
see  not.  Now,  in  my  judgement,  if  so  many  Rivers  fall 
into  this  Lake,  having  so  small  a  course  at  the  said  Sault, 
it  must  needs  of  necessitie  fall  out,  that  it  must  have  his 
issue  forth  by  some  exceeding  great  River.  But  that 
which  maketh  me  beleeve  that  there  is  no  River  by  which 
this  Lake  doth  issue  forth  (considering  the  number  of  so 
many  Rivers  as  fall  into  it)  is  this,  that  the  Savages  have 
not  seene  any  River,  that  runneth  through  the  Countries, 
save  in  the  place  where  they  were.  Which  maketh  me 
beleeve  that  this  is  the  South  Sea,  being  salt  as  they  say : 
Neverthelesse  we  may  not  give  so  much  credit  thereunto, 
but  that  it  must  bee  done  with  apparent  reasons,  although 
there  be  some  small  shew  thereof.  And  this  assui^y  is 
all  that  hitherto  I  have  seene  and  heard  of  the  Savages, 
touching  that  which  we  demanded  of  them. 

WEe  departed  from  the  said  Sault  on  Friday  the 
foxirth  day  of  July,  and  returned  the  same  day  to 
the  River  of  the  Irocois.  On  Sunday  the  sixth  of  July 
wee  departed  from  thence,  and  anchored  in  the  Lake. 
The  Monday  following  wee  anchored  at  the  three  Rivers. 

214 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

This  day  wee  sayled  some  foure  leagues  beyond  the  said 

three    Rivers.     The    Tuesday    following    we    came    to 

Quebec ;  and  the  next  day  wee  were  at  the  end  of  this  He 

of  Orleans,  where  the  Savages  came  to  us,  which  were 

lodged  in  the  maine  Land  on  the  North  side.      Wee 

examined  two  or  three  Algoumequins,  to  see  whether  they 

would  agree  with  those  that  wee  had  examined  touching 

the  end  and  the  beginning  of  the  said  River  of  Canada. 

They  said,  as  they  had  drawne  out  the  shape  thereof,  that  Anotherrefort 

having  passed  the  Sault,  which  wee  had  seene,  some  two  ^f*^ 

or  three  leagues,  there  goeth  a  River  into  their  dwelling,  ^^*^^*^* 

which  is  on  the  North  side.     So  going  on  forward  m 

the  said  great  River,  they  passe  a  Sault,  where  they  carrie 

their  Canoas,  and  they  come  to  passe  five  other  Saults, 

which  may  containe  from  the  first  to  the  last  some  nine  or 

ten  leagues,  and  that  the  said  Saults  are  not  hard  to  passe, 

and  they  doe  but  draw  their  Canoas  in  the  most  part  of 

the  said  Saults  or  Falls,  saving  at  two,  where  they  carrie 

them :  from  thence  they  enter  into  a  River,  which  is  as  it  A  River  or 

were  a  kinde  of  Lake,  which  may  containe  some  sixe  or  ^^^^  ^-  ^  7- 

seven  leagues :  and  then  they  passe  five  other  Falls,  where  ^^&^^  '^^• 

they  draw  their  Canoas  as  in  the  first  mentioned,  saving 

in  two,  where  they  carrie  them  as  in  the  former :  and  that 

from  the  first  to  the  last  there  arc  some  twenty  or  five 

and  twenty  leagues.     Then  they  come  into  a  Lake  con-  A  Lake  1 50. 

tayning  some  hundred  and  fifty  leagues  in  length:  and  ^^g^^^g* 

foure  or  five  leagues  within  the  entrance  of  that  Lake  ^j^.^ 

there  is  a  River  which  goeth  to  the  Algoumequins  toward  the  North  side 

the  North ;  and  another  River  which  goeth  to  the  Irocois,  guing  toward 

whereby  the  said  Algoumeouins  and  Irocois  make  warrc  the  Algpum- 

the  one  afi;ainst  the  other.     Then  comming  to  the  end  of  ^^J^: 

the  said  Lake,  they  meete  with  another  Fall,  where  they  thesoiuh^de, 

carrie  their  Canoas.     From  thence  they  enter  into  another  Another 

exceeding  great  Lake,  which  may  containe  as  much  as  the  exceeding 

former :   Tney  have  beene  but  a  very  little  wav  in  this  ^J^  ^^- 

last  Lake,  and  have  heard  say,  that  at  the  end  of  the  said  \ok!reofthT 

Lake  there  is  a  Sea,  the  end  whereof  they  have  not  seene,  Sava^s  never 

neither  have  heard  that  any  have  seene  it.     But  that  saw, 

215 


A.D. 
1603. 


//  seemeth  to 
lie  southward. 


The  Ik 
Coudres. 

The  lie  Du 
Lieure  or  Of 
the  Hare. 

The  third 
report  made 
by  a  great 
Traveller. 
viii. 
1616.] 


[IV. 


A  Lake  15. 
leagues  long. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

where  they  have  beene,  the  water  is  not  salt,  because  they 
have  not  entred  farre  into  it ;  and  that  the  course  of  the 
water  commeth  from  the  Sun-setting  toward  the  East; 
and  they  knowe  not,  whether  beyond  the  Lake  that  they 
have  seene,  there  be  any  other  course  of  water  that  goeth 
Westward.  That  the  Sunne  setteth  on  the  right  hand 
of  this  Lake :  which  is,  according  to  my  Judgement,  at 
the  North-west,  little  more  or  lesse ;  and  that  in  the  first 
great  Lake  the  water  fi^ezeth  not  (which  maketh  mee 
judge  that  the  climate  is  there  temperate)  and  that  all  the 
Territories  of  the  Algoumequins  are  lowe  grounds^ 
furnished  with  small  store  of  wood :  And  that  tne  coast 
of  the  Irocois  is  Mountainous,  neverthelesse  they  are 
excellent  good  and  fertile  soyles,  and  better  then  they^ 
have  seene  any  where  else :  That  the  said  Irocois  reside 
some  fifty  or  sixty  leagues  from  the  said  great  Lake.  And 
this  assuredly  is  all  which  they  have  told  mee  that  they 
have  seene:  which  difFereth  very  little  from  the  report 
of  the  first  Savages.  This  day  wee  came  within  some 
three  leagues  of  the  He  of  Coudres  or  Filberds. 

On  Thursday  the  tenth  of  the  said  moneth,  wee  came 
within  a  league  and  an  halfe  of  the  He  Du  Lieure,  or  Of 
the  Hare,  on  the  North  side,  where  other  Savages  came 
into  our  Pinnace,  among  whom  there  was  a  young  man^ 
an  Algoumequin,  which  had  travelled  much  in  the  said 
great  Lake.  Wee  examined  him  very  particiJarly,  as  wee 
had  done  the  other  Savages.  Hee  told  us,  that  having 
passed  the  said  Fall  which  wee  had  seene,  within  two  or 
three  leagues  there  is  a  River,  which  goeth  to  the  said 
Algoumequins,  where  they  be  lodged;  and  that  passing^ 
up  the  great  River  of  Canada,  there  are  five  Falls,  which 
may  containe  from  the  first  to  the  last  some  eight  or  nine 
leagues,  whereof  there  bee  three  where  they  carrie  their 
Canoas,  and  two  others  wherein  they  draw  them:  that 
each  of  the  said  Falls  may  be  a  quarter  of  a  league  long : 
then  they  come  into  a  Lake,  wnich  may  containe  some 
fifteene  leagues.  Then  they  passe  five  other  Falls,  which 
may  containe  from  the  first  to  the  last  some  twenty  or 

216 


SAMUEL   CHAMPLAIN 

five  and  twenty  leagues ;  where  there  are  not  past  two  of 

the  said  Falls  which  they  passe  with  their  Canoas,  in  the 

other  three  they  doe  but  draw  them.     From  thence  they 

enter  into  an  exceeding  great  Lake,  which  may  containe 

some  three  hundred  leagues  in  length:   when  they  are 

passed  some  hundred  leagues  into  the  said  Lake,  they 

meet  with  an  Hand,  which  is  very  great ;  and  beyond  the 

said  Hand  the  water  is  brackish:   But  when  they  have 

passed  some  hundred  leagues  farther,  the  water  is  yet 

Salter:   and  comming  to  the  end  of  the  said  Lake,  the 

water  is  wholly  salt.     Farther  he  said,  that  there  is  a  Fall 

that  is  a  league  broad,  from  whence  an  exceeding  current 

of  water  descendeth  into  the  said  Lake.     That  after  a  man 

is  passed  this  Fall,  no  more  land  can  be  seene  neither  on 

the  one  side  nor  on  the  other,  but  so  great  a  Sea,  that 

they  never  have  seene  the  end  thereof,  nor  have  heard 

tell,  that  any  other  have  seene  the  same.     That  the  Sunne 

setteth  on  the  right  hand  of  the  said  Lake :  and  that  at  the 

entrance  thereof  there  is  a  River  which  goeth  to  the 

Algoumequins,  and  another  River  to  the  Irocois,  whereby 

they  warre  the  one  against  the  other.     That  the  Countrie 

of  the  Irocois  is  somewhat  mountainous,  yet  very  fertile, 

where  there  is  store  of  Indian  Wheat,  and  other  fruits, 

which  thev  have  not  in  their  Countrie :  That  the  Countrie 

of  the  Algoiunequins  is  lowe  and  fruitfuU.     I  enquired 

of  them,  whether  they  had  any  knowledge  of  any  Mines  ? 

They  told  us,  that  there  is  a  Nation  which  are  called  the 

good  Irocois,  which  come  to  exchange  for  merchandises, 

which  the  French  ships  doe  give  to  the  Algoumequins, 

which  say,  that  there  is  toward  the  North  a  Mine  of  fine 

Copper,  whereof  they  shewed  us  certaine  Bracelets,  which 

they  had  received  or  the  said  Good  Irocois :  and  that  if 

any  of  us  woiJd  goe  thither,  they  would  bring  them  to 

the  place,  which  should  bee  appointed  for  that  Dusinesse. 

And  this  is  all  which  I  could  learne  of  the  one  and  the 

other,  differing  but  very  litde ;  save  that  the  second  which 

were  examined,  said,  that  they  had  not  tasted  of  the  salt 

water:   for  they  had  not  beene  so  farre  within  the  said 

217 


A.D. 

1603, 


j^n  exceeding 

great  Lake 

300.  leagues 

img. 

A  very  great 

lland. 

Brackish 

water. 

More  brackish 

water. 

Whole  salt 

water. 


A  great  and 
tnaine  Sea. 


A  River 

which  goeth  ta 
the  Algoume- 
quins. 


A  Mine  of  fine 
Copper. 


A.D. 

i6o3. 


Some  400. 
leagues  from 


the  first  SatUt   .      \   ^, 
totheSouth-      It   doth, 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

Lake,  as  the  others :  and  they  differ  some  small  deale  in 
the  length  of  the  way,  the  one  sort  making  it  more  short, 
and  the  other  more  long.  So  that,  according  to  their 
report,  from  the  Sault  or  Fall  where  wee  were,  is  the  space 
of  some  foure  hundred  leagues  unto  the  Salt  Sea,  which 
may  be  the  South  Sea,  the  Sunne  setting  where  they  say 
it  doth.  On  Friday  the  tenth  of  the  said  moneth  we 
returned  to  Tadousac,  where  oiu-  ship  lay. 


Their  Voyage 
from  Tadousac 
to  the  Ik 
Percee:  of 
many  Rivers^ 
Lakes  and 
Countries, 
wherein  are 
found  sundry 
sorts  of  Mines, 
Chap.  10. 
100.  leagues 
from  Gache- 
fay  to 
Tadousac. 
Armouchides. 


The  descrip- 
tion of  the 
Port  of 
Gachepay. 

The  Bay  of 
Cods. 


The  lie 
Percee. 


ASsoone  as  wee  were  come  to  Tadousac,  wee  embarqued 
our  selves  againe  to  goe  to  Gachepay,  which  is  distant 
from  the  said  Tadousac  about  some  hundred  leamies. 
The  thirteenth  day  of  the  said  moneth  we  met  with  a 
companie  of  Savages,  which  were  lodged  on  the  South 
side,  almost  in  me  mid-way  betweene  Tadousac  and 
Gachepay.  Their  Sagamo  or  Captaine  which  led  them  is 
called  Armouchides,  which  is  held  to  be  one  of  the  wisest 
and  most  hardy  among  all  the  Savages :  Hee  was  going  to 
Tadousac  to  exchange  Arrowes,  and  the  flesh  of  Orignars, 
which  they  have  for  Beavers  and  Marterns  of  the  other 
Savages,  the  Mountainers,  Estechemains,  and  Algoume- 
quins. 

The  fifteenth  day  of  the  said  moneth  we  came  to 
Gachepay,  which  is  in  a  Bay,  about  a  league  and  a  halfe 
on  the  North  side.  The  said  Bay  containeth  some  seven 
or  eight  leagues  in  length,  and  at  the  mouth  thereof  foure 
leagues  in  breadth.  There  is  a  River  which  runneth  some 
thirty  leagues  up  into  the  Countrie :  Then  we  saw  another 
Bay,  which  is  called  the  Bay  des  Mollues,  or  the  Bay  of 
Cods,  which  may  be  some  three  leagues  long,  and  as  much 
in  bredth  at  the  mouth.  From  thence  we  come  to  the 
He  Percee,  which  is  like  a  Rocke,  very  steepe,  rising  on 
both  sides,  wherein  there  is  a  hole,  through  which  Shalops 
and  Boats  may  passe  at  an  high  water:  and  at  a  lowe 
water  one  may  goe  from  the  maine  Land  to  the  said  He, 
which  is  not  past  foure  or  five  hundred  paces  off.  More- 
over, there  is  another  Iland  in  a  manner  South-east  from 
the  lie  Percee  about  a  league,  which  is  called  the  He  de 

218 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

Bonne-adventure,  and  it  may  bee  some  halfe  a  league  long.  The  Ik  ie 

All  these  places  of  Gachepay,  the  Bay  of  Cods,  and  the  Bonadventure. 

He  Percee,  are  places  where  they  msdce  dry  and  greene 

Fish.     When  you  are  passed  the  He  Percee,  there  is  a 

Bay  which  is  called  the  Bay  of  Heate,  which  runneth  as  The  Bay  of 

it  were  West  South-west,  some  foure  and  twenty  leagues  ^^^^• 

into  the  land,  containing  some  fifteene  leagues  in  breadth 

at  the  mouth  thereof.     The  Savages  of  Omada  say,  that 

up  the  great  River  of  Canada,  about  some  sixtie  leagues, 

ranging  the  South  coast,  there  is  a  small  River  called  The  River  of 

Mautanne,  which  runneth  some  eighteene  leagues  up  into  Mautanne. 

the  Countreys  and  being  at  the  head  thereof^  they  carrie 

their  Canowes  about  a  league  by  land,  and  they  come  into 

the  said  Bay  of  Heate,  by  which  they  goe  sometimes  to 

the  Isle  Percee.     Also  they  goe  from  the  said  Bay  to 

Tregate  and  Misamichy.     Running  along  the  said  coast  Tregateand 

we  passe  by  many  Rivers,  and  come  to  a  place  where  there  Misamkhy, 

is  a  River  which  is  called  Souricova,  where  Monsieur  The  River 

Prevert  was  to  discover  a  Mine  of  Copper.     They  goe  Sfl«/wtf. 

with  their  Conowes  up  this  River  three  or  foure  dayes,  ^J^^"^^ 

then  they  passe  three  or  foure  leagues  by  land,  to  the  said     ^^^^' 

Mine,  which  is  hard  upon  the  Sea  shoare  on  the  South  [IV.  viii. 

side.    At  the  mouth  or  the  said  River,  there  is  an  Iland        ju^j'^'^ 

lying  a  league  into  the  Sea ;    from  the  said  Island  unto     * 

the^  Isle  Per9ee,  is  some  sixtie  or  seventie  leagues.     Still 

following  the  said  coast,  which  trendeth  toward  the  East, 

you  meete  with  a  Strait,  which  is  two  leagues  broad,  and  ^  Strait 

five  and  twenty  leagues  long.     On  the  East  side  is  an  ^^^tne^he 

Isle,  which  is  called  the  Isle  of  Saint  Laurence,  where  Bremai^\he 

Cape  Breton  is ;   and  in  this  place  a  Nation  of  Savages,  fnaine  Land, 

called  the  Souricois,  doe  winter.  Souricois. 

Passing  the  Strait  of  the  lies  of  Saint  Lawrence,  and 
ranging  the  South-west  Coast,  you  come  to  a  Bay  which 
joyneth  hard  upon  the  Myne  of  Copper.     Passing  farther  A  great  River 
there  is  a  River,  which  runneth  threescore  or  fourescore  ^^  ^  ^^*^^- 
leagues  into  the  Countrey,  which  reacheth  neere  to  the  ^^j!ifT^^.L^ 
Lake  of  the  Irocois,  whereby  the  said  Savages  of  the  Zvageunva!^ 
South-west  Coast  make  warre  upon  them.     It  would  be  the  Irocois. 

319 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

an  exceeding  great  benefit,  if  there  might  be  found  a 

passage  on  the  Coast  of  Florida  neere  to  the  said  great 

Lake,  where  the  water  is  salt ;  aswell  for  the  Navigation 

of  ships,  which  should  not  bee  subject  to  so  many  perils 

as  they  are  in  Canada,  as  for  the  shortning  of  the  way 

above  three  hundred  leagues.     And  it  is  most  certaine> 

Great  Rivers  that  there  are  Rivers  on  the  Coast  of  Florida,  which  are 

and  good         ^^^  ^^^  discovered,  which  pierce  up  into  the  Countries^ 

coast of^    ^  where  the  soile  is  exceeding  good  and  fertile,  and  very 

Florida  or      good  Havens.     The  Countrev  and  Coast  of  Florida  may 

Hrginia,        have  another  temperat\ire  or  the  season,  and  may  bee 

more  fertile  in  abundance  of  fhiites  and  other  things,  then 

that  which  I  have  seene:  But  it  cannot  have  more  even 

nor  better  sayles,  then  those  which  we  have  seene. 

J  River.  The  Savages  say,  that  in  the  foresaid  great  Bay  of  Hete 

there  is  a  River,  which  runneth  up  some  twentie  leagues 

ALaketwenty  into  the  Countrey,  at  the  head  whereof  there  is  a  Lake, 

uagues  tn        ^hich  may  be  about  twentie  leagues  in  compasse,  wherein 

is  little  store  of  water,  and  the  Sxmimer  it  is  dned  up, 

wherein  they  find,  about  a  foot  or  a  foot  and  an  halfe 

J  mettaU  like  under  the  ground  a  kind  of  Metall  like  to  silver,  which 

Silver,  \  shewed  tnem ;  and  that  in  another  place  neere  the  said 

ilm^r   ^'^     ^^^^  ^^^^^  ^^  ^  Myne  of  Copper.     And  this  is  that  which 

Ourretume     ^  learned  of  the  foresaid  Savages. 

from  the  lie 

Percee  to  WJ^  departed  fi-om  the  He  Per9ee  the  nineteenth  day  of 
^^m"^'  ^^  ^^^  moneth  to  retume  to  Tadousac.     When 

description  of  ^^  ^^^^  within  three  leagues  of  Cape  le  Vesque,  or  the 
the  lU  Bishops  Cape,  we  were  encountred  with  a  storme  which 

Creeks^  Ports^  lasted  two  dayes,  which  forced  us  to  put  roomer  with  a 
D^^r^'  ^F%  S^^*^  creeke,  and  to  stay  for  faire  weather.  The  day 
Bayes'and  *  ">Uowing  we  departed,  and  were  encountred  with  another 
SJioalds  which  storme :  Being  loth  to  put  roome,  and  thinking  to  gaine 
are  along  the  Way  wee  touched  on  the  North  shore  the  eight  and 
North  coast,  twentieth  day  of  July  in  a  creeke  which  is  very  bad> 
^^ North  ^^^^^^  of  the  edges  of  Rockes  which  lie  there.  This 
shoare.  creeke  is  in  51.  degrees  and  certaine  minutes.     The  next 

day  we  anchored  neere  a  River,  which  is  called  Saint 

220 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN 

Margarites  River,  where  at  a  fall  Sea  is  some  three 

fathomes  water,  and  a  fathome  and  an  halfe  at  a  low  water : 

this  River  goeth  farre  up  into  the  Land.     As  £uTe  as  I 

could  see  within  the  Land  on  the  East  shoare,  there  is  a 

fell  of  water  which  entreth  into  the  said  River,  and  falleth 

some    fiftie    or    sixtie    fathomes    downe,    from    whence 

commeth  the  greatest  part  of  the  water  which  descendeth 

downe.     At  the  mouth  thereof  there  is  a  banke  of  Sand, 

whereon  at  the  ebbe  is  but  halfe  a  fathome  water.     All 

the  Coast  toward  the  East  is  moving  Sand :   there  is  a 

point   some   halfe   league  from   the   said  River,   which 

stretcheth  halfe  a  league  into  the  Sea:  and  toward  the 

West  there  is  a  small  Iland :  this  place  is  in  fiftie  degrees. 

All  these  Countries  are  exceeding  bad,  fall  of  Firre-trees. 

The  Land  here  is  somewhat  high,  but  not  so  high  as  that 

on  the  Southside.     Some  three  leagues  beyond  we  passed 

neere  unto  another  River,  which  seemed  to  be  very  great, 

jtt  barred  for  the  most  part  with  Rockes:   some  eight 

leagues  farther  there  is  a  Point  which  runneth  a  league 

and  an  halfe  into  the  Sea,  where  there  is  not  past  a  fathome 

9nd  an  halfe  of  water.     When  you  are  passed  this  Point, 

there  is  another  about  foure  leagues  off,  where  is  water 

enough.     All    this    Coast    is    low    and    sandie.     Foure 

leagues   beyond   this  there  is  a  creeke  where  a  River 

entreth :  many  ships  may  passe  heere  on  the  West  side : 

this  is  a  low  point,  which  runneth  about  a  league  into  the 

Sea;    you  must  runne  along  the  Easterne  shoare  some 

three  hundred  paces  to  enter  into  the  same.     This  is  the 

best  Haven  which  is  all  along  the  North  shoare ;  but  it  is 

very  dangerous  in  going  thither,  because  of  the  flats  and 

sholds  of  sand,  which  lye  for  the  most  part  all  along  the 

shoare,    almost   two   leagues   into   the   Sea.     About   six 

leagues  from  thence,  there  is  a  Bay  where  there  is  an  Isle 

of  sand ;   all  this  Bay  is  very  shallow,  except  on  the  East 

side,  where  it  hath  about  foure  fathoms  water :  within  the 

channel!  which  entreth  into  the  said  Bay,  some  foure 

leagues  up,  there  is  a  faire  creeke  where  a  River  entreth. 

All  this  coast  is  low  and  sandie,  there  descendeth  a  fall 

22T 


A.D. 

1603. 

Tki  River  of 

Saint 

Margaret, 


A  sandy  coast. 


Very  had 
Countries, 


A  point  that 
runneth  into 
the  sea. 


A  gpodCreeky 
fohere  many 
ships  may  ride. 


A  Bay. 


A  Creeke. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

of  water  which  is  great.     About  five  leagues  farther  is  a 

Point  which  stretcheth  about  halfe  a  league  into  the  Sea, 

where  there  is  a  creeke,  and  from  the  one  point  to  the 

other  are  three  leagues,  but  all  are  shoald,  where  is  little 

water.     About  two  leagues  off,  there  is  a  strand  where 

there  is  a  good  haven,  and  a  small  River,  wherein  are  three 

Islands,  and  where  Ships  may  harbour  themselves  from 

the  weather.     Three  leagues  beyond  this,  is  a  sandie  point 

which  nmneth  out  about  a  league,  at  the  end  whereof 

Ttoo  Rttle  low  there  is  a  small  Islet.     Going  forward  to  Lesquenim,  you 

Hands.  meete  with  two  little  low  Islands,  and  a  little  rocke  necre 

the  shoare :  these  said  Hands  are  about  halfe  a  league  from 

Lesquenim  a     Lesquenim,  which  is  a  very  bad  Port,  compassed  with 

very  bad  Port,  rockes,  and  dry  at  a  low  water,  and  you  must  fetch  about 

[IV.  viii.        a  little  point  of  a  rocke  to  enter  in,  where  one  Ship  onely 

161 8.]  can  passe  at  a  time.     A  little  higher  there  is  a  River,  which 

^^^^T^      runneth  a  little  way  into  the  land.     This  is  the  place 

%asks  mi  the  where  the  Basks  kill  the  Whales;   to  say  the  truth,  the 

whaUs.  haven  is  starke  naught.     Wee  came  from  thence  to  the 

foresaid  haven  of  Tadousac,  the  third  day  of  August.     AU 

Our  arrival    these  Countries  before  mentioned  are  low  toward  the 

at  Tadousac     shoare,  and  within  the  land  very  high.     They  are  neither 

Aunst  ^  pleasant  nor  fruitfiill  as  those  on  the  South,  although 

OftheArmou'  ^^J  ^^  lower.     And  this  for  a  certaintie  is  all  which  I 

chicois Savages  have  seene  of  this  Northerne  coast. 

and  of  their 

monstrous  ia   ^  ^^^  comming  to  Tadousac,  we  found  the  Savages 

'discourse  of  -^^  which  wee  met  in  the  River  of  the  Irocois,  who  met 
Monsieur  de  with  three  Canowes  of  the  Irocois  in  the  first  Lake,  which 
Prevertof  fought  against  tenne  others  of  the  Mountayners;  and 
Saint  Maloy  ^^y  brought  the  heads  of  the  Irocois  to  Tadousac,  and 
discovenl  of  ^^^^e  was  but  one  Moimtayner  wounded  in  the  arme  with 
the  South-west  the  shot  of  an  Arrow,  who  dreaming  of  something,  all 
Coast.Ch.  12.  the  other  tenne  must  seeke  to  content  him,  thinking  also 
The  Cere-  ^h^t  his  wound  thereby  would  mend  if  this  Savage  die, 
^h^us7befire  ^^^  Parents  will  revenge  his  death,  either  upon  their  Nation 
they  go  to  the  ^r  upon  Others,  or  at  least  wise  the  Captaines  must  give 
warres.  Presents  to  the  Parents  of  the  dead,  to  content  them; 

232 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  ad. 

1603. 
otherwise  as  I  have  said,  they  would  be  revenged :  which 
is  a  great  fault  among  them.     Before  the  said  Moun- 
tayners  set  forth  to  the  Warre,  they  assembled  all,  with 
their  richest  apparell  of  Furres,  Beavers,  and  other  Skinnes 
adorned  with  Pater-nosters  and  Chaines  of  divers  colours, 
and  assembled  in  a  great  publike  place,  where  there  was 
before  them  a  Sagamo  whose  name  was  Begoiirat,  which 
led  them  to  the  Warre,  and  they  marched  one  behind 
another,  with  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  Mases  and  Tar- 
gets, wherewith  they  furnish  themselves  to  fight :  and  they 
went  leaping  one  after  another,  in  making  many  gestures 
of  their  bodies,  they  made  many  turnings  like  a  Snaile : 
afterward  they  began  to  dance  after  Sieir  accustomed 
manner,  as  I  have  said  before :  then  they  made  their  Feast, 
and  after  they  had  ended  it,  the  women  stripped  themselves 
Starke  naked,  being  decked  with  their  rairest  Cordons, 
and  went  into  their  Canowes  thus  naked  and  there  danced, 
and  then  they  went  into  the  water,  and  strooke  at  one 
another  with   their  Oares,  and  beate  water  one  upon 
another :  yet  they  did  no  hurt,  for  they  warded  tlie  blowcs 
which  they  strooke  one  at  the  other.     After  they  had 
ended  all  these  Ceremonies,  they  retired  themselves  into 
their  Cabines,  and  the  Savages  went  to  warre  against  the 
Irocois. 

The  sixt  day  of  August  we  departed  from  Tadousac,  Their  depar- 
and  the  eighteenth  of  the  said  moneth  we  arrived  at  the  ^I'V^^ 
He  Per^ee,  where  wee  found  Monsieur  Prevert  of  Saint     ^  ^^' 
Malo,  which  came  from  the  Myne,  where  he  had  beene 
with  much  trouble,  for  the  feare  which  the  Savages  had 
to  meet  with  their  enemies,  which  are  the  Armouchicois,  Armuchkou 
which  are  Savages  very  monstrous,  for  the  shape  that  they  ^firmed 
have.     For  then:  head  is  little,  and  their  body  short,  their  ^'^^'^-S^^- 
armes  small  like  a  bone,  and  their  thigh  like ;  their  legges 
great  and  long,  which  are  all  of  one  proportion,  and  when 
they  sit  upon  their  heeles,  their  knees  are  higher  by  halfe 
a  foot  then  their  head,  which  is  a  strange  thing,  and  they 
seeme  to  be  out  of  the  course  of  Natiu-e.     Neverthelesse, 
they  be  very  valiant  and  resolute,  and  are  planted  in  the 

223 


A.D. 

1603. 

The  Souricns. 


The  Relation 
of  the  Copper 
Myne  on  the 
South  Coast. 


Another 
Mine. 

Blacke 
painting. 

Anile 
toherein 
another  kind 
ofMetall  is 
fiundy  which 
is  white  being 
cut. 


Other  Mynes. 


The  descrip- 
tion of  the 
place  where 
the  said  Myne 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

best  Countries  of  all  the  South  Coast :  And  the  Souricois 
do  greatly  feare  them.  But  by  the  incouragement  which 
the  said  Monsieur  de  Prevert  gave  them,  hee  brought 
them  to  the  said  Myne,  to  which  the  Savages  guided  him. 
It  is  a  very  high  Mountaine,  rising  somewhat  over  the 
Sea,  which  glistereth  very  much  against  the  Sunne,  and 
there  is  great  store  of  Verde-grease  issuing  out  of  the  said 
Myne  of  Copper.  He  saith,  that  at  the  foot  of  the  said 
Mountayne,  at  a  low  water  there  were  many  morsels  of 
Copper,  as  was  otherwise  declared  unto  us,  which  fall 
downe  from  the  top  of  the  Mountaine.  Passing  three 
or  foure  leagues  further  toward  the  South,  there  is  another 
Myne,  and  a  small  River  which  runneth  a  little  way  up 
into  the  Land,  running  toward  the  South,  where  there  is 
a  Mountaine,  which  is  of  a  blacke  painting,  wherewith  the 
Savages  paint  themselves :  Some  sixe  leagues  beyond  the 
second  Myne,  toward  the  Sea,  about  a  league  from  the 
South  Coast,  there  is  an  He,  wherein  is  found  another 
kind  of  Metall,  which  is  like  a  darke  browne :  if  you 
cut  it,  it  is  white,  which  they  used  in  old  time  for  their 
Arrowes  and  Knives,  and  did  beate  it  with  stones.  Which 
maketh  me  beleeve  that  it  is  not  Tinne,  nor  Lead,  being 
so  hard  as  it  is ;  and  having  shewed  them  silver,  they  said 
that  the  Myne  of  that  He  was  like  unto  it,  which  they 
found  in  the  earth,  about  a  foot  or  two  deepe.  The  said 
Monsieur  Prevert  gave  the  Savages  Wedges  and  Cizers, 
and  other  things  necessarie  to  draw  out  the  said  Myne; 
which  they  have  promised  to  doe,  and  to  bring  the  same 
the  next  yeere,  and  give  it  the  said  Monsieur  Prevert. 
They  say  also  that  within  some  hundred  or  one  hundred 
and  twentie  leagues  there  are  other  Mynes,  but  that  they 
dare  not  goe  thither  unlesse  they  have  Frenchmen  with 
them  to  make  warre  upon  their  enemies,  which  have  the 
said  Mynes  in  their  possession.  The  said  place  where 
the  Myne  is,  standeth  in  44.  degrees  and  some  few 
minutes,  neere  the  South  Coast  within  five  or  sixe  leagues : 
it  is  a  kind  of  Bay,  which  is  certaine  leagues  broad  at  the 
mouth  thereof,  and  somewhat  more  in  length,  where  are 

324 


SAMUEL  CHAMPLAIN  a.d. 

1603. 

three  Rivers,  which  fall  into  the  great  Bay  neere  unto  the 

He  of  Saint  John,  which  is  thirtie  or  five  and  thirtie 

leagues  long,  and  is  sixe  leagues  distant  from  the  South 

shoare.     There  is  also  another  little  River,  which  falleth 

almost  in  the  mid  way  of  that  whereby  Monsieur  Prevert 

returned,  and  there  are  as  it  were  two  kind  of  Lakes  in 

the  said  River.     Furthermore,  there  is  yet  another  small 

River  which  goeth  toward  the  Mountaine  of  the  painting.  [IV.  viii. 

All  these  Rivers  fall  into  the  said  Bay  on  the  South-east  i6ig,] 

part,  neere  about  the  said  He  which  the  Savages  sav  there 

is  of  this  white  Metall.     On  the  North  side  of  tne  said 

Bay  are  the  Mynes  of  Copper,  where  there  is  a  good  JgooJHaven 

Haven  for  Ships,  and  a  small  Hand  at  the  mouth  of  the  ^^  ^^  Co/fer 

Haven ;  the  ground  is  Oze  and  Sand,  where  a  man  may  ^y^'- 

run  his  ship  on  shoare.     From  the  said  Myne  to  the 

beginning  of  the  mouth  of  the  said  River  is  some  sixtie 

or  eightie  leagues  by  Land.      But  by  the  Sea  Coast, 

according  to  my  judgement,  from  the  passage  of  the  He 

of  Saint  Lawrence  and  the  Firme  Land,  it  cannot  be  past 

fiftie  or  sixtie  leagues  to  the  said  Myne.    All  this  Countrey 

is  exceeding  faire  and  flat,  wherein  are  all  sorts  of  trees, 

which  wee  saw  as  wee  went  to  the  first  Sault  up  the 

great   River    of    Canada,    very    small    store    of  Firre- 

trees    and    Cypresses.      And    this    of    a    truth    is    as 

much  as   I   learned  and  heard  of  the   said   Monsieur 

Prevert. 

BEfore  we  departed  from  Tadousac,  to  returne  into  Their  ntume. 
France,  one  of  the  Sagamoz  of  the  Mountayners  Chap,  13. 
named  Bechourat,  gave  his  Sonne  to  Monsieur  du  Pont 
to  Carrie  him  into  trance,  and  he  was  much  recommended 
unto  him  by  the  Great  Sagamo  Anadabijou,  praying  him 
to  use  him  well,  and  to  let  him  see  that,  which  tne  other  two 
Savages  had  seene  which  we  had  brought  backe  againe. 
We  prayed  them  to  give  us  a  woman  of  the  Irocois,  whom 
they  would  have  eaten :  whom  they  gave  unto  us,  and  we 
brought  her  home  with  the  foresaid  Savage.  Monsieiir 
dc  Prevert  in  like  manner  brought  home  foure  Savages, 
xvin  225  p 


A.D. 

i6o3. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


one  man  which  is  of  the  South  Coast,  one  woman  and 

two  children  of  the  Canadians. 

The  foure  and  twentieth  of  August,  we  departed  from 

Gachepay,  the  ship  of  the  said  Monsieur  Prevert  and  ours. 

The  second  of  September,  we  counted  that  wee  were  as 
Cafe  Rase,  ferre  as  Cape  Rase.  The  fift  day  of  the  said  moneth  we 
The  Banke.  entred  upon  the  Banke,  whereon  they  use  to  fish.  The 
Thesomdiuff.  sixteenth,  we  were  come  into  the  Sounding,  which  may  be 
Uskant.  some    fiftie    leagues    distant    from    the    Ushant.    The 

twentieth  of  the  said  moneth  we  arrived  in  New  Haven 

by  the  grace  of  God  to  all  our  contentments,  with  a 

continuaU  favourable  wind. 

Chap.  VII. 

The  Patent  of  the  French  King  to  Monsieur 
dc  Monts  for  the  inhabiting  of  the  Countries 
of  La  Cadia  Canada,  and  other  places  in 
New  France. 

Enry  by  the  grace  of  God  King  of  France 
and  Navarre.  To  our  deare  and  well 
beloved  the  Lord  of  Monts,  one  of  the 
ordinarie   Gentlemen   of   our   Chamber, 

£"eeting.  As  our  greatest  care  and 
bour  is,  and  hath  ahrayes  beene,  since 
our  comming  to  this  Crowne,  to  maintaine 
and  conserve  it  in  the  ancient  dignitie,  greatnesse  and 
splendour  thereof,  to  extend  and  amplifie,  as  much  as 
lawfully  may  bee  done,  the  bounds  and  limits  of  the 
same.  We  being,  of  a  long  time,  informed  of  the 
situation  and  condition  of  the  Lands  and  Territories  of 
La  Cadia,  moved  above  all  things,  with  a  singular  zeale, 
and  devout  and  constant  resolution,  which  we  have  taken, 
with  the  helpe  and  assistance  of  God,  Author,  Distributour, 
and  Protectour  of  all  Kingdomes  and  Estates,  to  cause 
the  people,  which  doc  inhabit  the  Countrey,  men  (at  this 
present  time)  Barbarous,  Atheists,  without  Faith,  or 
Religion,  to  be  converted  to  Christianitie,  and  to  the 

226 


FRENCH  PATENT  FOR  CANADA  a.d. 

1603. 

Beliefe  and  Profession  of  our  Faith  and  Religion:  and 
to  draw  them  from  the  ignorance  and  unbeliete  wherein 
they  are.  Having  also  of  a  long^  time  knowne  by  the 
Relation  of  the  Sea  Captaines,  Pilots,  Merchants  and 
others,  who  of  long  time  have  haunted,  frequented  and 
trafficked  with  the  people  that  are  found  in  the  said  places, 
how  fruitful!,  conmiodious  and  profitable  may  be  unto  us, 
to  our  Estates  and  Subjects,  the  Dwelling,  Possession,  and 
Habitation  of  those  Countries,  for  the  great  and  apparent 
profit  which  may  be  drawne  by  the  greater  frequentation 
and  habitude  which  may  bee  had  with  the  people  that 
are  foimd  there,  and  the  Trafficke  and  Commerce  which 
may  be  by  that  meanes  safely  treated  and  negotiated. 
We  then  for  these  causes  fully  trusting  on  your  great 
wisdome,  and  in  the  knowledge  and  experience  that  you 
have  of  the  qualitie,  condition  and  situation  of  the  said 
Coiintrie  of  La  Cadia :  for  divers  and  sundry  Navigations, 
Voyages  and  Frequentations  that  you  have  made  into 
those  parts,  and  others  neere  and  bordering  upon  it: 
Assuring  our  selves  that  this  our  resolution  and  intention, 
being  committed  unto  you,  you  will  attentively,  diligently, 
and  no  lesse  couragiously  and  valorously  execute  and  brine 
to  such  perfection  as  we  desire :  Have  expresly  appointed 
and  established  you,  and  by  these  Presents,  signed  with 
our  owne  hands,  doe  commit,  ordaine,  make,  constitute 
and  establish  you,  our  Lieutenant  Generall,  for  to  represent 
our  person,  in  the  Countries,  Territories,  Coasts  and  Con- 
fines of  La  Cadia.  To  begin  from  the  40.  degree  unto 
the  46.  And  in  the  same  distance,  or  part  of  it,  as  farre 
as  may  bee  done,  to  establish,  extend  and  make  to  be 
knowne  our  Name,  Might  and  Authoritie.  And  under 
the  same  to  subject,  submit  and  bring  to  obedience  all  the 
people  of  the  said  Land  and  the  Borderers  thereof :  And 
by  the  meanes  thereof,  and  all  lawfull  wayes,  to  call,  make, 
instruct,  provoke  and  incite  them  to  the  knowledge  of 
God,  and  to  the  light  of  the  Faith  and  Christian  Religion,  pv.  viii. 
to  establish  it  there :  And  in  the  exercise  and  profession  1620.] 

of  the  same,  keepe  and  conserve  the  said  peopte,  and  all 

227 


A,D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

other  Inhabitants  in  the  said  places,  and  there  to  command 
in  peace,  rest  and  tranquillitie,  as  well  by  Sea  as  by  Land : 
to  ordaine,  decide,  and  cause  to  bee  executed  all  that 
which  you  shall  judge  fit  and  necessarie  to  be  done,  for 
to  maintaine,  keepe  and  conserve  the  said  places  under 
our  Power  and  Authoritie,  by  the  formes,  wayes  and 
meanes  prescribed  by  our  Lawes.  And  for  to  have  there  a 
care  of  the  same  with  you,  to  appoint,  establish,  and 
constitute  all  Officers,  as  well  in  the  affaires  of  Warre,  as 
for  Justice  and  Policie,  for  the  first  time,  and  from  thence 
forward  to  name  and  present  them  unto  us:  for  to  be 
disposed  by  us,  and  to  give  Letters,  Titles,  and  such 
Provisoes  as  shall  be  necessarie,  &c. 

Given  at  Fountain-Bleau  the  eight  day  of  November: 
in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1603.  And  of  our  Reigne  the 
fifteenth.  Signed  Henry :  and  underneath  by  the  King, 
Potier;  And  sealed  upon  single  labell  with  yellow 
Waxe. 

The  Voyage   of  Monsieur   de    Meats  into  New 
France,  written  by  Marke  Lescarbot. 
The  rest  of  thU  Ty^Onsieur  de  Monts  having  made  the  Commissions 
^^miHe^^  *^^  Prohibitions  before   said,   to  bee  prockimed 

mined:  toith  thorow  the  Realme  of  France,  and  especiaUy  thorow  the 
the  Provisoes,  Ports  and  maritine  Townes  thereof,  caused  two  shippes 
l^c.  And  let  to  bee  rigged  and  furnished,  the  one  luider  the  conduct 
notEn^ish'  ^f  Captaine  Timothy  of  New-haven,  the  other  of  Captainc 
mantofmme  Morell  of  Honfleur.  In  the  first,  hee  shipped  himselfe, 
for  French  with  good  number  of  men  of  account,  as  well  Gentlemen 
P/antations  or  as  Others.     And  for  as  much  as  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt 

Savage  hahi-  ^^^^  ^nd  had  beene  of  a  lone:  time,  desirous  to  see  those 
tattons;  these  ° 

being  very  thin,  the  other  scarse  worthy  the  name  of  being^or plantation,  having  so  many  intemf- 
tions,  and  more  frequented  by  the  French  in  way  of  Trade  with  Savages  then  otherwise,  I  havt 
omitted  many  digressions  and  Ssconrses  of  the  Authonr;  only  for  knowledge  of  those  parts  presenAig 
the  briefo  snmme  of  Ids  most  ample  Worhe,  His  Map  but  for  cost,  I  would  have  here  added, 
I  have  divers  by  me  which  I  take  more  exact,  I  am  sure  with  many  many  particulars  wanting 
in  his.  And  both  his  Mappe  and  Discourse  shew  that  the  French  ^covered  not  so  teen 
Virginia,  as  Hudsons  River;  and  that  the  French  Plantations  have  beene  more  tiortherlyfam,  tie* 
our  Northeme  Firginia,  and  to  the  Southeme,  not  a  shadow  in  comparison  of  costs  and  numbers, 

22Z 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1604. 

Countries  of  New  France,  and  there  to  finde  out  and 
choose  some  fit  place  to  retire  himselfe  into,  with  his 
Family,  Wife  and  Children,  not  meaning  to  be  the  last 
that  should  follow  and  participate  in  the  glorie  of  so  faire 
and  generous  an  enterprize,  would  needs  ^oe  thither,  and 
shipped  himselfe  with  the  said  Monsieur  de  Monts,  cany- 
inj^  with  him  some  quantitie  of  Armours  and  Munitions 
ofWarre ;  and  so  weighed  Anchors  from  New-haven  the 
seventh  day  of  March  1604.  But  being  departed  some- 
what too  soone,  before  the  Winter  had  yet  left  off  her 
frozen  Weed,  they  found  store  of  Icie  bankes,  against 
the  which  they  were  in  danger  to  strike,  and  so  to  be 
cast  away. 

The  Voyage  was  long  by  reason  of  contrarie  winds, 
which  seldome  hapneth  to  them  that  set  out  in  March  for 
the  New-found-lands,  which  are  ordinarily  carried  with 
an  East  or  Northerne  winde,  fit  to  goe  to  those  Lands* 
And  having  taken  their  course  to  the  South  to  the  He 
of  Sand  or  Sablon,  for  to  shunne  the  said  Ices,  they 
almost  fell  from  Caribdis  into  Scylla,  going  to  strike 
towards  the  said  He,  during  the  thicke  mists  that  are 
frequent  in  that  Sea.  In  the  end,  the  sixt  of  May  they 
came  to  a  certaine  Port,  where  they  found  Captaine 
Rossignol  of  New-haven,  who  did  trucke  for  skinnes  with 
the  Savages,  contrary  to  the  Kings  Inhibitions,  which  was 
the  cause  that  his  ship  was  confiscated.  This  Port  was 
called  Le  Port  du  Rossignol,  having  (in  this  his  hard 
fortune)  this  onely  good,  that  a  good  and  fit  Harborough 
or  Port,  in  those  Coasts  beareth  his  name. 

From  thence  coasting  and  discovering  the  Lands,  they 
arrived  at  another  Port,  very  faire,  whioi  they  named  Le 
Port  de  Moutton,  by  reason  that  a  Mutton  or  Weather 
having  leaped  over-board  and  drowned  himselfe  came 
aboard  agame,  and  was  taken  and  eaten  as  good  prize. 
Neere  the  said  Moutton  Port  there  is  a  place  so  replenished 
with  Rabbets  and  Conies,  that  they  almost  did  eate  nothing 
else.  During  that  time  Monsieur  Champlein  was  sent 
with  a  shallop  to  seeke  farther  oflF  a  fitter  place  to  retire 

229 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1604. 

themselves,  at  which  Exploit  he  tarried  so  long,  that 
deliberating  upon  the  returne,  they  thought  to  leave  him 
behind :  for  there  was  no  more  victuals :  and  they  served 
themselves  with  that,  that  was  found  in  the  said  Ros- 
signols  ship,  without  which  they  had  beene  forced  to 
returne  into  France,  and  so  to  breake  a  faire  enterprizc 
at  the  verv  birth  and  beginning  thereof;  or  to  starve, 
having  enaed  the  hunting  of  Conies,  which  could  not  still 
continue. 

All  New  France  in  the  end  being  contained  in  two 
ships,  they  weighed  Anchors  from  Port  du  Moutton,  for 
to  imploy  their  time,  and  to  discover  Lands  as  mudi  as 
might  before  Winter.  Wee  came  to  Cape  de  Sable,  or 
the  Sandie  Cape ;  and  from  thence  we  sailed  to  the  Bay 
of  Saint  Marie,  where  our  men  lay  at  Anchor  fiftcene 
dayes,  whilest  the  Lands  and  passages  as  well  by  Sea  as 
by  River  might  be  descried  and  knowne.  This  Bay  is  a 
very  faire  place  to  inhabit,  because  that  one  is  readily 
carried  thither  without  doubling.  There  are  Mynes  of 
Iron  and  Silver ;  but  in  no  gr^t  abundance,  according  to 
the  triall  made  thereof  in  France.  A  Priest  losing  his 
way  in  the  Woods  was  missing  sixteene  dayes.     Where- 

[IV.  viii.  ^po'i  a  Protestant  was  charged  to  have  killed  him  beause 
1 62 1.]  they  quarrelled  sometimes  for  matters  of  Religion. 
Finally,  they  sounded  a  Trumpet  thorow  the  Forrest,  they 
shot  off  the  Canon  divers  times,  but  in  vaine :  for  the 
roaring  of  the  Sea,  stronger  then  all  that,  did  expell  badce 
the  sound  of  the  said  Canons  and  Trumpets.  Two,  three 
and  foure  dayes  passed  he  appeareth  not.  In  the  meane- 
while  the  time  hastens  to  depart,  so  having  tarried  so  long 
that  hee  was  then  held  for  dead,  they  weighed  Anchors  to 
goe  further,  and  to  see  the  depth  of  a  Bay  that  hath  some 
fortie  leagues  length,  and  fourteene  (yea  eighteene)  of 

LaBaye        breadth,  which  was  named  La  Baye  Francoise,  or  the 

Framoise.       French  Bay. 

In  this  Bay  is  the  passage  to  come  into  a  Port,  wherdnto 
our  men  entred,  and  made  some  abode,  during  the  which 
they  had  the  pleasiu^  to  hunt  an  Elian,  or  Stagge,  that 

230 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1604. 

crossed  a  great  Lake  of  the  Sea,  which  maketh  this  Port, 

and  did  swimme  but  easily.     This  Port  is  environed  with 

Mountaines  on  the  North  side :  Towards  the  South  bee 

small  Hills,  which  (with  the  said  Mountaines)  doe  powre 

out  a  thousand^Brookes,  which  make  that  place  pleasanter 

then  anv  other  place  in  the  World :  there  are  very  faire 

falles  or  waters,  fit  to  make  Milles  of  all  sorts.     At  the 

East  is  a  River  betweene  the  said  Mountaines  and  Hilles, 

in  the  shippes  may  saile  fifteene  leagues  and  more,  and 

in  all  this  distance  is  nothing  of  both  sides  the  River  but 

iaire    Medowes,    which    River    was    named    L'Equille,  The  River  of 

because  that  the  first  fish  taken  therein  was  an  Equille.  V  EqutlU. 

But  the  said  Port,  for  the  beautie  thereof  was  called  Port  Pm  Royall. 

RoyalL     Monsieur  de  Poutrincoxirt  having  found  this 

place  to  bee  to  his  liking  demanded  it,  with  the  Lands 

thereunto  adjoyning,  of  Monsieur  de  Monts :  to  whom 

the  King  had  by  Commission,  before  inserted,  granted 

the  distribution  of  the  Lands  of  New  France  from  the 

fortieth  degree  to  the  sixe  and  fortieth.     Which  place  was 

granted  to  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  who  since 

hath  had  Letters  of  confirmation  for  the  same  of  his 

Majestie,  intending  to  retire  himselfe  thither  with  his 

Family,  and  there  to  establish  the  Christian  and  French 

Name,  as  much  as  his  power  shall  stretch,  and  God  grant 

him  the  meanes  to  accomplish  it.     The  Port  contayneth 

eight  leagues  of  circuit,  besides  the  River  of  L'Equille. 

There  is  within  it  two  lies  very  faire  and  pleasant :  the 

one  at  the  mouth  of  the  said  River,  which  I  deeme  to 

bee  of  the  greatnesse  of  the  Citie  of  Beauvais :  The  other 

at  the  side  of  the  mouth  of  another  River,  as  broad  as 

the  River  of  Oise,  or  Marne,  entring  within  the  said  Port : 

The  said  He  beeing  almost  of  the  greatnesse  of  the  other :    j  c^per 

and  they  both  are  wooddie.     In  this  Port,  and  right  over  Myne. 

against  the  former  He,  wee  dwelt  three  yeeres  after  this  Intkei^.and 

"^yage.     We  will  speake  thereof  more  at  large  here-  *9-  ^^/-  ^f 
zi  the  second 

From  Port  Royall  they  sailed  to  the  Copper  Myne,  JhoU  Volume 
whereof  wee  have  spoken  before  elsewhere.     It  is  a  high  mtranskted. 

231 


A.D. 

i6o4. 


Thinff  first  to 
be  provided  w 
new  plaHtd" 
turns. 


Note.     This 
French 

Author  was  a 
Romish 
Catho&he^ 
which  yet 
speahes  thus 
freely  of  the 
Spaniards. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Rocke  betweene  two  Bayes  of  the  Sea,  wherein  the  Copper 
is  conjoyned  with  the  stone,  very  faire  and  very  pure, 
such  as  is  that  which  is  called  Rozette  Copper,  Many 
Gold-smithes  have  scene  of  it  in  France,  which  doc  say 
that  under  the  Copper  Myne  there  might  be  a  Golden 
Myne :  which  is  very  probable.  For  if  those  excrements 
that  Nature  expelleth  forth  be  so  pure,  namely,  small 
pieces  that  are  found  upon  the  gravefl  at  the  foote  of  the 
Kocke,  when  it  is  low  water,  there  is  no  doubt  that  the 
Metall  which  is  in  the  bowels  of  the  earth  is  much  more 
perfect,  but  this  is  a  Worke  that  requireth  time.  The  first 
myning  and  working  is  to  have  Bread,  Wine  and  Cattle, 
as  we  have  said  else-where.  Our  felicitie  consisteth  not 
in  Mynes,  specially  of  Gold  and  Silver,  the  which  serve 
for  nothing  in  the  tillage  of  the  ground,  nor  to  Handi- 
crafts use.  Contrariwise,  the  abundance  of  them  is  but 
a  charge  and  burthen,  that  keepeth  man  in  perpetuall 
unquiet,  and  the  more  he  hath  thereof,  the  lessc  rest 
enjoyeth  he,  and  his  life  lesser  assured  unto  him. 

Before  the  Voyages  of  Perou  great  riches  might  have 
beene  set  up  in  a  small  place,  in  stead  that  in  this  our  age 
by  the  abundance  of  Gold  and  silver  the  same  is  come 
at  no  value  nor  esteeme.  One  hath  need  of  huge  Chests 
and  Coffers  to  put  in  that,  which  a  small  Budget  might 
have  contained.  One  might  have  travelled  with  a  Purse 
in  ones  sleeve,  and  now  a  Cloke-bagge  and  a  Horse  must 
expresly  be  had  for  that  purpose.  Wee  may  justly  curse 
the  houre  that  preedie  Avarice  did  carrie  the  Spaniard 
into  the  West,  for  the  wofull  events  that  have  ensued 
thereof.  For  when  I  consider  that  by  his  greedinesse 
he  hath  kindled  and  maintayned  the  Warre  thorow  all 
Christendome,  and  his  onely  studie  hath  beene  how  to 
destroy  his  Neighbours  (and  not  the  Turke)  I  cannot 
thinke  that  any  other  but  the  Devill  hath  beene  the 
Authour  of  their  Voyages.  And  let  not  the  pretence  of 
Religion  be  alleaged  unto  mee:  for  (as  wee  have  said 
elsewhere)  they  have  killed  all  the  of-spring  of  the 
Countrey  with   the  most  inhumane  torments   that  the 

232 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

Devill  hath  beene  able  to  excogitate.  And  by  their 
cruelties  have  rendred  the  Name  of  God  odious,  and  a 
name  of  offence  to  those  poore  people,  and  have  con- 
tinually and  daily  basphemed  him  in  the  midst  of  the 
Gentiles  as  the  Prophet  reprocheth  to  the  people  of  Israel. 
Witnesse  him  that  had  rather  bee  damned,  then  goe  to  the 
Paradise  of  the  Spaniards,  &c. 

Among  these  Copper  Rockes  there  is  found  sometimes 
small  Rockes  covered  with  Diamonds  fixed  to  them.  I 
will  not  assure  them  for  fine,  but  that  is  very  pleasing  to 
the  sight.  There  are  also  certaine  shining  blue  stones, 
which  are  of  no  lesse  value  or  worth  than  Turkie  Stones. 

Monsieur  de  Champdore  our  guide  for  the  Navigations 
in  those  Countries,  having  cut  within  a  Rocke  one  of  those 
stones,  at  his  returne  from  New  France  hee  brake  it  in 
two,  and  gave  one  part  of  it  to  Monsieur  de  Monts, 
the  other  to  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  which  they  made 
to  be  put  in  Gold,  and  were  found  worthy  to  be  presented 
the  one  to  the  Kin^  by  the  said  Poutrincourt,  the  other 
to  the  Queene  by  the  said  de  Monts,  and  were  very  well 
accepted.  I  remember  that  a  Goldsmith  did  offer  fifteene 
Crownes  to  Monsieiu*  de  Poutrincourt  for  that  hee 
presented  to  his  Majestic. 

This  River  is  one  of  the  fairest  that  may  be  seene, 
having  store  of  Hands,  and  swarming  with  fishes.  This 
last  yeere  1608.  the  said  Monsieur  de  Champdore,  with 
one  of  the  said  Monsieur  de  Monts  his  men,  hath  beene 
some  fiftie  leagues  up  the  said  River :  and  doe  witnesse 
that  there  is  great  quantitie  of  Vines  along  the  sEoare, 
but  the  Grapes  are  not  so  bigge  as  they  be  in  the  Countrie 
of  the  Armouchiquois :  There  are  also  Onions,  and  many 
other  sorts  of  good  hearbs.  As  for  the  Trees  they  are 
the  fairest  that  may  be  seene.  When  wee  were  there  wee 
saw  great  number  of  Cedar  Trees.  Concerning  fishes  the 
said  Champdore  hath  related  unto  us,  that  putting  the 
Kettle  over  fire,  they  had  taken  fish  sufificient  for  their 
Dinner  before  that  the  water  was  hot.  Moreover  this 
River,  stretching  it  selfe  farre  within  the  Lands  of  the 

233 


A.D. 
1604. 


Esay  52. 
vers,  5. 
Hathitey.  see 
sup,  Casas. 

Diamonds, 


Turkie  stones, 
[IV.  viii. 

1622.] 


5.  JoAns 
River. 

1608. 


Fines, 

Great  Grapes 
among  the 
Jrmoucki' 
quois. 


Ahsmdance  of 
fishes. 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1604. 

The  commodi'  Savages  doth  marvellously  shorten  the  long  travels  by 

tieof Voyaging  meanes  thereof.     For  in  sixe  dajres  they  goe  to  Gashcpc, 

by  the  River,  comming  to  the  Bay  or  Gulfe  0/  Chaleur,  or  heate,  when 

they  are  at  the  end  of  it,  in  carrying  their  Canowes  some 

few  leagues.     And  by  the  same  River  in  ei^ht  dayes  they 

go  to  Tadoussac  by  a  branch  of  the  same  ^^ch  commeth 

from  the  North-west.     In  such  sort  that  in  Port  Royall 

one  may  have  within  fifteene  or  eighteene  dayes  newes 

from  the  Frenchmen,  dwelling  in  the  great  River  of 

Canada,  by  these  wayes :  which  could  not  be  done  in  one 

moneth  by  Sea,  nor  without  danger. 

The  lie  o/S.       Leaving  Saint  Johns  River,  they  came  following  the 

&7^^^^^  Coast  twentie  leagues  from  that  place,  to  a  great  River 

S^^hxu         (^l^ich  is  properly  Sea)  where  they  fortified  themselves 

River,  in  a  little  Iland  seated  in  the  middest  of  this  River,  which 

the  said  Champleine  had  beene  to  discover  and  view. 

And  seeing  it  strong  by  nature,  and  of  easie  defence  and 

keeping,  besides  that  the  season  beganne  to  slide  away, 

and  therefore  it  was  behooveftdl  to  provide  of  lodging, 

without  running  any  farther,  they  resolved  to  make  their 

abode  there. 

As  they  began  to  visit  and  search  the  Iland,  Monsieur 
de  Champdore  (of  whom  we  shaU  henceforth  make  men- 
tion,  by  reason  he  dwelt  foure  yeere  in   those  parts, 
conducting  the  Voyages  made  there)  was  sent  backe  to 
the  Bay  of  Saint  Mary,  with  a  Mine-finder,  that  had  beene 
carried  thither  for  to  get  some  Mynes  of  silver  and  Iron, 
which  they  did.     And  as  they  had  crossed  the  French  Bay, 
Retunie  to  the  they  entred  into  the  said  Bay  of  Saint  Marie,  by  a  narrow 
fy^  ^^-        Straite  or  passage,  which  is  betweene  the  Land  of  Port 
^2ltl^'   Royall,  and  an  Hand  caUed  the  Long  He:   where  after 
was  found       some  abode  they  going  a  fishing,  Monsieur  Aubri  (the 
againe.  Priest  before  lost)  perceived  them,  and  beganne  witli  a 

The  Long  lie.  feeble  voice  to  call  as  loud  as  he  could;    and  put  his 
Handkercher,  and  his  Hat  on  a  staves  end,  which  made 
him  better  to  be  knowne.     During  these  sixteene  daies 
hee  fed  himselfe  but  by  (I  know  not  what)  small  fruits, 
Cheries.         like  unto  Cheries,  without  kernell  (yet  not  so  delicate) 

^34 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

which  are  scarsly  jfbund  in  those  Woods.  They  gave 
him  food  by  measure,  and  brought  him  backe  againe  to 
the  company  at  the  Iland  of  Saint  Croix,  whereof  every 
one  received  an  incredible  joy  and  consolation. 

Before  we  speake  of  the  ships  returne  into  France,  it  is 
meete  to  tell  you  how  hard  the  He  of  Saint  Croix  is  to  bee 
found  out,  to  them  that  were  never  there.  For  there  are 
so  many  lies  and  great  Bayes  to  goe  by,  before  one  be 
at  it,  that  I  wonder  how  ever  one  might  pierce  so  ferre  for 
to  finde  it.  There  are  three  or  foure  Mountaines, 
imminent  above  the  others,  on  the  sides:  But  on  the 
North  side,  from  whence  the  River  runneth  downe,  there 
is  but  a  sharpe  pointed  one,  above  two  leagues  distant. 
The  Woods  of  the  maine  Land  are  faire  and  admirable 
high  and  well  growne,  as  in  like  manner  is  the  grasse. 
There  is  right  over  against  the  Iland  fresh  water  brooks, 
very  pleasant  and  agreeable,  where  divers  of  Monsieur 
de  Monts,  his  men  did  their  businesse,  and  builded  there 
certaine  Cabanes.  As  for  the  nature  of  the  ground  it  is 
most  excellent  and  most  abundantly  fruitfuU.  For  the 
said  Monsieur  de  Monts,  having  caused  there  some  piece 
of  ground  to  bee  tilled,  and  the  same  sowed  with  Rie  (for 
I  have  scene  there  no  Wheate)  hee  was  not  able  to  tarrie 
for  the  maturitie  thereof  to  reape  it :  and  notwithstanding, 
the  graine,  fallen,  hath  growne  and  increased  so  wonder- 
folly  that  two  yeeres  after  we  reaped  and  did  gather  of  it 
as  taire,  bigge  and  weightie,  as  in  France,  which  the  soile 
had  brought  forth  without  any  tillage:  and  yet  at  this 
present  it  doth  continue  still  to  multipfy  every  yeere.  The 
said  Iland  containeth  some  halfe  a  league  of  circuit,  and  at 
the  end  of  it  on  the  Sea  side,  there  is  a  Mount  or  smaU 
Hill,  which  is  (as  it  were)  a  little  He  severed  from  the 
other,  where  Monsieur  de  Monts  his  Canon  was  placed : 
There  is  also  a  little  Chappell  built  after  the  Savage 
fashion.  At  the  foot  of  which  Chappell  there  is  such 
store  of  Muscles  as  is  wonderfuU,  which  may  bee  gathered 
at  low  water,  but  they  are  small. 

Now  let  us  prepare  and  hoise  up  sailes.     Monsieur  de 

235 


A.D. 

1604. 


The  descrip- 
Hm  of  the  lie 
of  Saint  Crosx. 


Thifruitful- 
nessi  of  tiki 
soyie. 


The  Iland 
halfe  a  league 
in  compasse. 


Store  of 
Muscles, 


Aj>.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1604. 

Poutrincourt  made  the  Voyage  into  these  parts  with  some 

men  of  good  sort,  not  to  wmter  there,  but  as  it  were  to 

seeke  out  his  seate,  and  find  out  a  Land  that  might  like 

him.     Which  he  having  done,  had  no  need  to  soioume 

[IV.  viii.        there  any  lon^.     So  then  the  ships  being  ready  tor  the 

i^«30  returne,  he  shipped  himselfe,  and  those  of  his  companie,  in 

StiS^/^  one  of  them. 

PMrincimrt        During  the  foresaid  Navigation,  Monsieur  du  Monts 

into  France,     his  people  did  worke  about  the  Fort ;    which  he  seated 

The  building    at  the  end  of  the  Iland,  opposite  to  the  place  where  he 

atthelliofS.  ^ad  lodged  his  Cannon.     Which  was  wisely  considered, 

Cmx.  ^^  ^Y^^  ^^^  ^^  conunand  the  River  up  and  downe.    But 

there  was  an  inconvenience,  the  said  Fort  did  lie  towards 

the  North,  and  without  any  shelter,  but  of  the  trees  that 

were  on  the  He  shoare,  which  all  about  he  commanded  to 

be  kept,  and  not  cut  downe. 

The  most  urgent  things  being  done,  and  hoary  snowy 

Father  being  come,  that  is  to  say,  Winter,  then  they  were 

forced  to  keepe  within  doores,  and  to  live  every  one  at 

Three  discom-  his  owne  home :  during  which  time,  our  men  had  three 

modidestn      speciall  discommodities  in  this  Iland,  videlicet,  want  of 

^"'ct^^^    wood,  (for  that  which  was  in  the  said  He  was  spent  ia 

buildings)  lacke  of  fresh  water,  and  the  continual!  watch 

made  by  night,  fearing  some  surprise  from  the  Savages, 

that  had  lodged  themselves  at  the  foot  of  the  said  Iland, 

mckednesse     OX  some  Other  enemie.     For  the  malediction  and  rage  of 

ofnuMy  many  Christians  is  such,  that  one  must  take  heed  of  them 

Christians.      j^^^[^  ^^^^^  ^^^  ^f  Infidels.     A  thing  which  grieveth 

me  to  speake :  would  to  God  I  were  a  lyar  in  this  respect, 

and  that  I  had  no  cause  to  speake  it  I     When  they  had 

need  of  water  or  wood,  they  were  constrained  to  aosse 

over  the  River,  which  is  thrice  as  broad  of  every  side,  as 

The  River  of  the  River  of  Seine.     It  was  a  thing  painfull  and  tedious, 

^<w»-  in  such  sort,  that  it  was  needfull  to  keepe  the  Boat  the 

whole  day,  before  one  might  get  those  necessaries.     In 

the  meane  while  the  cold  and  snowes  came  upon  them, 

and  the  Ice  so  strong,  that  the  Sider  was  frozen  in  the 

vessels,  and  every  one  his  measure  was  given  him  out  by 

236 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  ad, 

1605. 

weight.     As  for  Wine  it  was  distributed  but  at  certaine 
dayes  of  the  weeke.     Manv  idle  sluggish  companions 
dranke  snow-water,  not  wifling  to  take  the  paines  to  u„j^^^ 
crosse  the  River.     Briefly,  the  unknowne  sicknesses  like  suJhtesses.viz. 
to  those  described  unto  us  by  James  Quartier,  in  his  tkeScorbuteor 
Relation,  assailed  us.     For  remedies  there  was  none  to  Scurvie^Oe 
bee  found.     In  the  meane  while  the  poore  sicke  creatures  ^Iff^^*  f 
did  languish,  pining  away  by  little  and  little,  for  want  of  ifSAg^ms 
sweet  meates,  as  Mflke  or  spoon-meate  for  to  sustaine  their  mut  new 
stomadces  which  could  not  receive  the  hard  meates,  by  PlanutAtmsy 
reason  of  let,  proceeding  from  a  rotten  flesh  which  grew  ^^fif^^ 
and  over-aboiuided  within  their  mouthes :  and  when  one  ^edezed^^^ 
thought  to  root  it  out,  it  did  growe  againe  in  one  nights  where  want  of 
space  more  abundantly  than  before.     As  for  the  tree  caflled  fruh  Set  and 
Annedda,  mentioned  by  the  said  Quartier,  the  Savages  of  ^{J^ 
these  Lands  knowe  it  not.     So  that  it  was  most  pitifiiU  to  ^^^'i^lJ^ 
behold  every  one,  very  few  excepted,  in  this  miscrie,  and  and  watching^ 
the  miserable  sicke  folkes  to  die,  as  it  were  full  of  life,  witkgrosse 
without  any  possibilitie  to  be  succoured.     There  died  of  ^^^^^  ^\  ^ 
this  sicknesse  thirty  sixe,  and  thirty  sixe  or  forty  more  ^***^'^ 
that  were  stricken  with  it,  recovered  themselves  by  the  ^tkwo^ot 
helpe  of  the  Spring,  as  soone  as  the  comfortable  season  withmariskes, 
appeared.     But  the  deadly  season  for  that  sicknesse  is  in  ^^&  ^^ 
the  end  of  January,  the  moneths  of  February  and  March,  ^"^^^ 
wherein  most  commonly  the  sicke  doe  die,  every  one  at  ^hUfi  breeders 
his  tume,  according  to  the  time  they  have  begunne  to  be  thereof.    The 
sicke:  in  such  sort,  that  he  which  beganne  to  be  ill  in  Author  hath 
February  and  March,  may  escape,  but  he  that  shall  over-  ^  ^  ^ 
haste  himselfe,  and  betake  him  to  his  bed  in  December  ^Xaw 
and  January,  he  is  in  danger  to  die  in  February,  March,  the  chlefe  ' 
or  the  beginning  of  AprilL  foinu  whereof 

Monsieur  de  routrincourt  made  a  Negro  to  be  opened,  ^^^  ^^^ 
that  died  of  that  sicknesse  in  our  Voyage,  who  was  found  ^Zl!^ti[j 
to  have  the  inward  parts  very  sound,  except  the  stomacke,  our  Eng&sh 
that  had  wrinkles,  as  though  they  were  ulcered.  Colonies  in 

As  for  the  food,  this  sicknesse  is  caused  by  cold  meates,  ^*^ric^ '« 

^  which  I  doubt 

Mt  many  hundreds  have  hereby  perished.     The  number  of  the  dead  and  siche.     Dangerous 
aoHeths.     The  opening  oj  a  dead  My.     What  food  eauseth  the  land  i&sease. 

237 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1605. 

without  juvcc,  grosse  and  corrupted.  One  must  then  take 
heed  of  salt  meates,  smoaky,  musty,  raw,  and  of  an  evill 
sent,  likewise  of  dried  fishes,  as  New-found-Land  fish,  and 
stinking  Rayes:  Briefly,  from  all  melancholy  meates, 
which  are  of  hard  digesting,  are  easily  corrupted, 
and  breed  a  grosse  and  melancholy  bloud.  I  would 
not  (for  all  that)  bee  so  scrupulous  as  the  Physicians, 
which  doe  put  in  number  of  grosse  and  melancholy  meates, 
Beeves  flesh,  Beares,  wilde  Boares  and  Hogs  flesh  (they 
might  as  well  adde  unto  them  Beavers  flesh,  which  not- 
wimstanding  wee  have  found  very  good^  as  they  doe 
amongst  fishes  the  Tons,  Dolphins,  and  all  those  that  canrie 
Lard :  among  the  birds,  the  Hemes,  Duckes,  and  all  other 
water  birds :  for  in  being  an  over-curious  observator  of 
these  things,  one  might  nd  into  the  danger  of  starving, 
and  to  die  for  hunger.  They  place  yet  among  the  meats 
that  are  to  be  shunned  Bisket,  Beanes  and  Pulse,  the  often 
using  of  Milke,  Cheese:  the  grosse  and  harsh  Wine, 
and  that  which  is  too  small,  white  Wine,  and  the  use  of 
Vinegar:  Beere  which  is  not  well  sodden,  nor  well 
scummed,   and   that   hath   not   Hoppes  enough.    Also 

Bad  waurs,  waters  that  runne  thorow  rotten  wood,  and  those  of  Lakes 
and  Bogges,  still  and  corrupted  waters,  such  as  is  much 
in  Holland  and  Frizeland,  where  is  observed  that  they  of 
Amsterdam  are  more  subject  to  Palsies  and  stifning  of 
sinews,  then  they  of  Roterdam,  for  the  abovesaid  cause 
of  still  and  sleepy  waters:  which  besides  doe  ingender 
Dropsies,  Dysenteries,  Fluxes,  quartaine  Ag^ues,  and 
burning  Fevers,  swellings,  ulcers  of  the  Lights,  short- 
nesse  of  breath,  ruptures  of  children,  swelling  in 
the  veines,  sores  in  the  legges:  finally,  they  wholly 
belong  to  the  disease  whereof  we  speake,  being 
drawne  by  the  Spleene,  where  they  leave  all  their 
corruption. 

Sometimes  this  sicknesse  doth  also  come  by  a  vice 
which  is  even  in  waters  of  running  Fountaines,  as  if  they 

[IV.  viii.       be  among,  or  neere  Bogges,  or  if  they  issue  fi-om  a  muddy 
1624.]  ground,  or  from  a  place  that  hath  not  the  Sunnes  aspect. 

238 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

So  Plinie  rcciteth  that  in  the  Voyage  which  the  Prince 

Caesar  Gertnanicus  made  into  Germanie,  having  given 

order  to  his  Armie  to  passe  the  River  of  Rhine,  to  the 

end  to  get  still  forward  in  the  Countrie,  he  did  set  his 

campe  on  the  Sea  shoare,  upon  the  coast  of  Frizeland,  in 

a  place  where  was  but  one  onely  Fountaine  of  fresh  water 

to  bee  found,  which  notwithstanding  was  so  pernicious, 

that  all  they  that  dranke  of  it  lost  their  teeth  in  lesse  than 

two  yeeres  space,  and  had  their  knees  so  weake  and  dis- 

joynted,  that  they  could  not  beare  themselves.     Which 

is  verily  the  sicknessse  whereof  wee  speake,  which  the 

Physicians  doe  call  Stomaccac^,  that  is  to  say,  Mouthes 

sore;   and  Scelotyrb^,  which  is  as  much  to  say,  as  the 

shaking  of  thighs  and  legges.     And  it  was  not  possible 

to  finde  any  remedie,  but  by  the  meanes  of  an  herbe  called 

Britannica,  or  Scurvy  grasse,  which  besides  is  very  good 

for  the  sinewes,  against  the  sores  and  accidents  in  the 

mouth :  against  the  Squinancie,  and  against  the  biting  of 

Serpents.     It  hath  long  leaves,  drawing  in  colour  a  darke 

greene,  and  produceth  a  blacke  roote,  from  which  liquor 

IS  drawne,  as  well  as  from  the  leafe.     Strabo  sayth,  that 

the  like  case  happened  to  the  Armie  that  JElius  Gallus 

brought  into  Arabia,  by  the  commission  of  Augustus  the 

Emperour.     And  the  like  also  chanced  to  King  Saint 

Lewes  his  Armie  in  Egypt,  as  the  Lord  de  Joinville 

reporteth.     Other  effects  of  bad  waters  are  seene  neere 

unto  us,  to  wit,  in  Savoy,  where  the  women  (more  than 

men,  because  they  are  of  a  colder  constitution)  have 

commonly  swellings  in  their  throats,  as  bigge  as  Bottles. 

Next  to  waters,  the  aire  is  also  one  of  the  Fathers  and 

Ingcnderers  of  this  sicknesse,  in  boggy  and  watrish  places, 

and  opposite  to  the  South,  which  is  most  often  rainy.  But 

there  is  yet  in  New  France  another  bad  qualitie  of  the  aire, 

by  reason  of  Lakes  that  be  thicke  there,  and  of  the  great 

rottennesse  in  the  Woods,  whose  odour  the  bodies  having 

drawne  up,  during  the  raines  of  Autumne  and  Winter, 

easilv  are  ingendred  the  corruptions  of  the  mouth,  and 

swelling  in  the  legges  before  spoken,  and  a  cold  entreth 

239 


A.D. 

1605. 
PRn.  fsL  2$. 

€.  3. 


Smtaccaci, 
Scelotyroi. 


Britannica^  or 
Scurvy-grassey 
an  herbe. 


Strabo, 


Monsieur  de 
JotntnUe, 

The  Gouitres 
o/Savoye, 

What  aire  if 
against  health. 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

unsensibly  into  it,  which  benummeth  the  limbes,  stifneth 
the  sinews,  constraineth  to  creepe  with  crutches,  and  in  the 
fVindes,  end,  to  keepe  the  bed.  And  for  as  much  as  the  windes  doc 
participate  with  the  aire,  yea  are  an  aire  running  with  a 
more  vehement  force  than  ordinary,  and  in  this  qualitic 
have  great  power  over  the  health  and  sicknesses  or  men. 
This  noisome  qualitie  of  winde  jproceedeth  (in  my  judge- 
ment) from  the  nature  of  the  Countrie  thorow  which  it 
passeth,  which  (as  wee  have  said)  is  full  of  Lakes,  and 
those  very  great,  which  bee  (as  it  were)  standing  and  still 
waters.  Whereto  I  adde  the  exhalation  of  the  rotten- 
nesse  of  woods,  that  this  winde  bringeth,  and  that  in  so 
much  greater  quantitie,  as  the  North-west  part  is  great, 
large  and  spacious. 
Seasons.  The  seasons  are  also  to  be  marked  in  this  disease,  which 

I  have  not  seene  nor  heard  of,  that  it  begins  to  worke, 
neither  in  the  Spring  time.  Summer  nor  Autumne^  unlesse 
it  be  at  the  end  of  it,  but  in  Winter.  And  the  cause 
thereof  is,  that  as  the  growing  heate  of  the  Spring  maketh 
the  humours  closed  up  in  the  Winter  to  disperse  them- 
selves to  the  extremities  of  the  body,  and  so  deareth  it 
from  melancholy  and  from  the  noisome  humors  that  have 
beene  gathered  in  Winter:  so  the  Autumne,  as  the 
Winter  approacheth,  draweth  them  inward,  and  doth 
nourish  this  melancholy  and  blacke  humour,  which  doth 
abound  speciallv  in  this  season,  and  the  Winter  being 
come  sheweth  forth  his  effects  at  the  costs  and  griefe  of 
the  poore  patients. 

I  would  adde  willingly  to  all  the  aforesaid  causes  the 

Badfiodand  bad  food  of  the  Sea,  which  in  a  long  Voiage  brings  much 

1r'l*T^^^^'  corruption  in  mans  body.     This  sicknesse  proceeding  from 

Advice^-tki  ^^  indigestion  of  rude,  grosse,  cold  and  mekncholy  meates, 

sicknesses  of     which  offend  the  stomacke,  I  thinke  it  good  (submitting 

New  France,    my  selfe  to  better  judgement  and  advice)  to  accompany 

them  with  good  sawces,  be  it  of  Butter,  Oyle,  or  Fat,  all 

well  spiced,  to  correct  as  well  the  aualitie  of  the  meate, 

as  of  the  bodie  inwardly  waxen  cold.    Let  this  be  said 

for  rude  and  grosse  meates,  as  Beanes,  Pease,  and  £sh: 

240 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1605. 
for  he  that  shall  eate  good  Capons,  good  Partridges,  good 
Ducks,  and  good  Rabets,  may  be  assured  of  his  health,  or 
else  his  body  is  of  a  bad  constitution.     We  have  had  some 
sick,  that  have  (as  it  were)  raised  up  from  death  to  life : 
for  having  eaten  twice  or  thrice  ot  a  coolice  made  of  a 
Cocke,  ^ood  Wine  taken  according  to  the  necessitie  of  GoodfVine, 
nature,  is  a  soveraigne  preservative  for  all  sicknesses,  and 
particularly  for  this.     The  young  buds  of  herbs  in  the  Herbes  in  the 
Spring  time  be  also  very  soveraigne.  ^fring  Hm. 

And  as  for  that  which  concerneth  the  exteriour  parts  of 
the  body,  we  have  found  great  good  in  wearing  woodden 
Pantaphles,  or  Patins  with  our  shooes,  for  to  avoide  the 
moistnesse.     The  houses  neede  no  opening  nor  windowes 
on  the  North-west  side,  being  a  winde  very  dangerous : 
but  rather  on  the  East  side,  or  the  South.     It  is  very 
good  to  have  good  bedding  (and  it  was  good  for  mee  to 
have  carried  things  necessary  to  this  purpose)  and  above 
all  to  keepe  himselfe  neate.     I  would  like  well  the  use 
of  Stoves,  such  as  they  have  in  Germanie,  by  meanes  sttves, 
whereof  they  feele  fto  Winter,  being  at  home,  but  as 
much  as  they  please.     Yea,  they  have  of  them  in  many 
places,  in  their  Gardens,  which  doe  so  temper  the  coldnesse  Stoves  in 
of  Winter,  that  in  this  rough  and  sharpe  season  there  Gardens.  Such 
ont   may    see    Orange-trees,    Lymmon-trees,    Fig-trees,  ^o^'^^m^'^ 
Pomgranat-trees,  and  all  such  sorts  of  trees,  bring  forth  surrU^atSir 
fruit  as  good  as  in  Provence.  liicoks 

The  Savages  use  sweatings  often,  as  it  were  every  Caretos. 
moneth,  and  by  this  meanes  they  preserve  themselves,  '^^^^^^^^& 
driving  out  by  sweate  all  the  cold  and  cvill  humours  they  ^^  ^  ^^^^g^^- 
might  have  gathered.      But   one   singular  preservative 
against  this  perfidious  sicknesse,  which  conmieth  so  steal- 
ingly,  and  which  having  once  lodged  it  selfe  within  us,  ^'  ^"*'     , 
will  not  bee  put  out,  is  to  follow  the  counsell  of  him  that  j  ^^  ^l'^ 
is  wise  amongst  the  wise,  who  having  considered  all  the  apHncipail 
afflictions  that  man  give  to  himselfe  during  his  life,  hath  preservative 
found  nothinfi:  better  then  to  reioyce  himselfe,  and  doe  ^p^^^^*^ 
good,  and  to  take  pleasure  in  his  owne  workes.     They  Eccies,\,  12 
that  have  done  so,  in  our  companie,  have  found  themselves  22. 

xviii  341  Q 


A.D. 

1605. 


Meanes  of 
mirth. 


Necessitie  of 
having  women 
into  the 
Countrey. 


Tree  of  life 


Sasafras. 

Monsieur 
Champlain 
is  now  this 
present  yeere 
1609.  in 
Canada, 

The  discover  ie 
of  new  Lands 
hy  Monsieur 
de  Monts: 
fabulous  tales 
and  reports  of 
the  River  and 
fained  Towne 
ofNorombega. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

well  by  it :  contrariwise  some  alwaies  grudging,  repining^ 
never  content,  idle,  have  beene  found  but  by  the  same 
disease.  True  it  is,  that  for  to  enjoy  mirth  it  is  good 
to  have  the  sweetnesse  of  fresh  meates.  Fleshes,  Fishes, 
Milke,  Butter,  Oyles,  Fruits,  and  such  like,  which  wee 
had  not  at  will  (I  meane  the  common  sort :  for  alwaies 
some  one,  or  other  of  the  companie  did  furnish  Monsieur 
de  Poutrincourt,  his  Table  with  Wilde-fowle,  Venison  or 
fresh  Fish)  And  if  wee  had  halfe  a  dozen  Kine,  I  beleeve 
that  no  body  had  died  there. 

It  resteth  a  preservative,  necessary  for  the  accomplish- 
ment of  mirth,  and  to  the  end  one  may  take  pleasure 
on  the  worke  of  his  hands,  is  every  one  to  have  the  honest 
companie  of  his  lawfull  wife :  for  without  that,  the  cheere 
is  never  perfect ;  ones  minde  is  alwaies  upon  that  which 
one  loves  and  desireth ;  there  is  still  some  sorrow,  the 
body  becomes  full  of  ill  humours,  and  so  the  sicknesse 
doth  breed.  And  for  the  last  and  soveraigne  remedie,  I 
send  backe  the  Patient  to  the  tree  of  life  (tor  so  one  may 
well  qualifie  it)  which  James  Quartier  doth  call  Anneda, 
yet  unknowne  in  the  coast  of  Port  Royail,  unlesse  it  bee, 
peradventure  the  Sasafras,  whereof  there  is  quantitie  in 
certaine  places.  And  it  is  an  assured  thing,  that  the  said 
tree  is  very  excellent.  But  Monsieur  Champlain,  who 
is  now  in  the  great  River  of  Canada,  passing  his  Winter, 
in  the  same  part,  where  the  said  Quartier  did  winter,  hath 
charge  to  finde  it  out,  and  to  make  provision  thereof. 

THe  rough  season  being  passed.  Monsieur  de  Monts> 
wearied  with  his  bad  dwelling  at  Saint  Croix, 
determined  to  seeke  out  another  Port  in  a  warmer 
Countrie,  and  more  to  the  South :  And  to  that  end  made 
a  Pinnace  to  bee  armed  and  furnished  with  victuals,  to 
follow  the  coast,  and  discovering  new  Countries,  to  seeke 
out  some  happier  Port  in  a  more  temperate  aire.  Hee 
made  in  this  Voyage  but  about  an  hundred  and  twenty 
leagues,  as  wee  will  tell  you  now.  From  Saint  Croix  to 
sixty  leagues  forward,  the  coast  lieth  East  and  West :   at 

242 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1605. 

the  end  of  which  sixty  leagues  is  a  River,  called  by  the 

Savages  Kinibeki.     From  which  place  to  Malebarre  it  KiniBeki  sixty 

lieth  North  and  South,  and  there  is  yet  from  one  to  the  ^a^sfrom 

other  sixty  leagues,  in  right  line,  not  following  the  Bayes.    "      "^' 

So  farre   stretcheth    Monsieur   de    Monts   his   Voyage, 

wherein  hee  had  for  Pilot  in  his  Vessell,  Monsieur  de 

Champdore.     In  all  this  Coast  so  farre  as  Kinibeki,  there 

are  many  places  where  shippes  may  bee  harboured  amongst 

the  Hands,  but  the  people  there  is  not  so  frequent  as  is 

beyond  that :    And  there  is  no  remarkable  thing  (at  least 

that  may  bee  seene  in  the  outside  of  the  Lands)  but  a 

River,  whereof  many  have  written  fables  one  after  another. 

I  will  recite  that  which  is  in  the  last  Booke,  intituled, 
The  universall  Historie  of  the  West  Indies,  Printed  at 
Douay  the  last  yeere  1607.  in  the  place  where  hee  speaketh 
of  Norombega :  For  in  reporting  this,  I  shall  have  also 
said  that  which  the  first  have  written,  from  whom  they 
have  had  it. 

Moreover,  towards  the  North  (sayth  the  Authour,  after  Faht&us  udes 
hee  had  spoken  of  Virginia)  is  Norombega,  which  is  of  ike  River 
knowne  well  enough,  by  reason  of  a  faire  Towne,  and  ^^^^^^^Efl- 
a  great  River,  though  it  is  not  found  from  whence  it  hath 
his  name:    for  the  Barbarians  doe  call  it  Aguncia:    At 
the  mouth  of  this  River  there  is  an  Hand  very  fit  for 
fishing.     The  Region  that  goetK  along  the  Sea,  doth 
abound  in  fish,  and  towards  New  France  there  is  great 
number  of  wilde  beasts,  and  is  very  commodious  for 
hunting ;   the  Inhabitants  doe  live  in  the  same  manner  as 
they  of  New  France. 

If  this  beautifull  Towne  hath  ever  beene  in  nature,  I 
would  faine  knowe  who  hath  pulled  it  downe :  For  there 
is  but  Cabins  heere  and  there  made  with  pearkes,  and 
covered  with  barkes  of  trees,  or  with  skinnes,  and  both 
the  River  and  the  place  inhabited  is  called  Pemptegoet,  Pmpugaet. 
and  not  Agguncia.  The  River  (saving  the  tide)  is  scarce 
as  the  River  on  that  coast,  because  there  are  not  Lands 
sufficient  to  produce  them,  by  reason  of  the  great  River 
of  Canada,  which  runneth  like  this  coast,  and  is  not  foure- 

243 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILG-RIMES 

1605. 

score  leagues  distant  from  that  place  in  Grossing  the  Lands, 
which  from  else-whcre  received  many  Rivers  felling  from 
those  parts  which  are  towards  Norombcga :  At  the  entrie 
whereof,  it  is  so  ferre  from  having  but  one  Iland,  that 
rather  the  number  thereof  is  almost  infinite,  for  as  mudi 
as  this  River  enlarging  it  selfe  like  the  Greeke  Lambda 
A,  the  mouth  whereof  is  all  full  of  lies,  whereof  there 
is  one  of  them  lying  very  ferre  off  (and  the  formost)  in 
the  Sea,  which  is  high  and  markable  above  the  others. 

But  some  will  say  that  I  equivocate  in  the  situation  of 

Norombega,  and  that  it  is  not  placed  where  I  take  it. 

ObjicHon.       To  this  I  answer,  that  the  Author,  whose  words  I  have 

Answer,         ^  \\tx[t  before  alleaged,  is  in  this  my  sufficient  warrant, 

who  in  his  Geographicall  Mappe,  hath  placed  in  the  mouth 

of  this  River  in  the  44.  degree,  and  his  supposed  Towne 

in  the  45.  wherein  we  diner  but  in  one  degree,  which 

is  a  small  matter.     For  the  River  that  I  meane  is  in  the 

45.  degree,  and  as  for  any  Towne,  there  is  none.    Now 

of  necessity  it  must  be  this  river,  because  that  the  same 

being  passed,  and  that  of  Kinibeki,  (which  is  in  the  same 

higth)  there  is  no  other  River  forward,  whereof  account 

[IV.  viii.        should  be  made,  till  one  come  to  Virginia.     I  say  further- 

^^*^-]  more,  that  seeing  the  Barbarians  of  Norombega  doe  live 

as  they  of  new  France,  and  have  abundance  of  hunting, 

it  must  be,  that  their  Province  be  seated  in  our  new 

France ;  for  fiftie  leagues  ferther  to  the  South-west  there 

is  no  great  game,  because  the  woods  are  thinner  there, 

and  the  Inhabitants  setled,  and  in  greater  number  then  in 

Norombega. 

The  River  of  Norombega  being  passed.  Monsieur  de 

Kinibeki.        Monts  went  still  coasting,  untill  he  came  to  Kinibeki, 

where  a  River  is  that  may  shorten  the  way  to  goe  to  the 

great  River  of  Canada.     There  is  a  number  of  Savages 

Cabined  there,  and  the  land  beginneth  there  to  be  better 

peopled.     From  Kinibeki  going  ferther,  one  findeth  the 

The  Bay  of     Bay  of  Marchin,  named  by  the  Captaine  his  name  that 

Marchin.        commandeth  therein.     This  Marchin  was  killed  the  yeare 

'  °^*  that  we  parted  from  New  France  1607.     Farther  is  another 

244 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1605. 

called  Chouakoet,  where  (in  regard  of  the  former  Chouakoet. 
Coiuitries)  is  a  great  number  of  people:    for  there  they 
till  the  ground,  and  the  region  beginneth  to  be.  more  Theffmnd 
tcmperatCj  and  for  proofe  of  this,  mere  is  in  this  land  ^'^nurid. 
store  of  Vines,     Yea,  even  there  be  Hands  fiill  of  it  (which  Vines, 
be  more  subject  to  the  injuries  of  the  winde  and  oold) 
as  we  shall  say  hereafter.     There  is  betweene  Chouakoet 
and  Malebarre  many  Bayes  and  lies,  and  the  Coast  is  Makharre. 
sandy,  with  shallow  ground,  drawing  neere  to  the  said 
Malebarre,  so  that  scarce  one  may  land  there  with  Barkes. 

The  people  that  be  from  Saint  Johns  River  to  Kinibeki 
(wherein  are  comprised  the  Rivers  of  Saint  Croix  and 
Norombega)  are  called  Etchemins.    And  from  Elinibeki  Etechmm. 
as   farre    as    Malebarre,    and    farther,    they    are    called 
Armouchiquois.     They  be  traitors  and  thecves,  and  one  The  Armou- 
had  neede  to  take  heede  of  them-     One  of  them  from  a  chtqms 
man  of  Saint  Malos  tooke  a  Kettell,  and  ran  away  speedily  ^^^"  ^^ 
nwth  his  bootie.     The  Malouin  running  after,  was  killed  The  swiftnesse 
by  this  wicked  people :    and  although  the  same  had  not  o/the  Amm- 
hapned,  it  was  in  vaine  to  pursue  after  this  theefe;   for  chiquois. 
all  these  Armouchiouois  are  as  swift  in  runnine-  as  Grayi*- 
hounds ;    as  we  will  yet  further  say  in  speaking  of  the 
voiage  that  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  made  in  the  same 
Country,  in  the  ycare  1606. 

The  Spring  season  being  passed  in  the  Voyage  of  the 
Armouchiquois,  Moimsieur  du  Pont^  surnamed  Grave,  The  arrivail 
dwelling  at  Honfleur,  did  arrive  with  a  company  of  some  of  Monsieur 
forty  men,  for  to  ease  the  said  Monsieur  de  Monts  and  ^^  ^*'"'' 
his  troope,  which  was  to  the  great  joy  of  all,  as  one  may   ^  ^^' 
well  imagine:    and  Canon  shots  were  free  and  plentifull 
at  the  comming,  according  to  custome,  and  the  sound  of 
Trumpets.     The  said  Monsieur  du  Pont,  not  knowing 
y^\  the  state  of  our  French  men,  did  thinke  to  finde  there 
an  assured  dwelling,  and  his  lodgings  ready:    but  con- 
sidering the  accidents  of  the  strange  sicknesse,  whereof 
we    have    spoken,    he    tooke   advice    to    change    place. 
Monsieur  de  Monts  was  very  desirous  that  the  new  habi- 
tation had  beene  about  40.  degrees,  that  is  to  say  4. 

245 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

degrees  farther  then  Saint  Croix:     but  having  viewed 
the  Coast  as  farre  as  Malebarre,  and  with  much  paine, 
Transmffra-    not  finding  what  he  desired,  it  was  deliberated  to  gee  and 
turn  from  S.     make  their  dwelling  in  Port  Rojrall,  vintill  meanes  were 
R^  ^  ^^  ^^^  ^^  make  an  ampler  discovery.     So  every  one  began 
^  '  to  packe  up  his  things :   That  which  was  built  with  infinite 

labour  was  pulled  downe,  except  the  Store-house,  which 
was  too  great  and  painefuU  to  be  transported,  and  in 
executing  of  this,  many  voyages  are  made.     All  being 
Iffto  come  to  Port  Royal  they  fi3\md  out  new  labours:    the 

building.  abiding  place  is  chosen  right  over  against  the  Iland,  that 
is  at  the  comming  in  of  me  River  L'Esquille,  in  a  place 
where  all  is  covered  over,  and  full  of  woods  as  thicke  as 
possibly  may  be.  The  Moneth  of  September  did  already 
begin  to  come,  and  care  was  to  be  taken  for  the  unlading 
of  Monsieur  du  Pont  his  Ship,  to  make  roome  for  them 
that  should  returne  backe  into  France.  Finally,  there  is 
worke  enough  for  all.  When  the  Ship  was  in  a  readinesse 
to  put  to  sailes.  Monsieur  de  Monts  having  seene  the 
beginning  of  the  new  habitation,  shipped  himselfe  for  his 
returne  with  them  that  would  follow  him.  Notwith- 
standing many  of  good  courage  (forgetting  the  griefes  and 
labours  passed)  did  tarry  behinde,  amongst  whom  were 
Monsieur  Champlaine  and  Monsieur  Champdore,  the  one 
for  Geographie,  and  the  other  for  the  conducting  and 
Siding  of  the  voiages  that  should  be  necessary  to  be  niade 
by  Sea. 
Traffickewith  The  Winter  being  come,  the  Savages  of  the  Countrey 
the  Savages,  did  assemble  themselves,  from  ferre  to  Port  Royall,  for 
to  trucke  with  the  Frenchmen,  for  such  things  as  they 
Bevers^  had,  some  bringing  Beavers  skins  and  Otters  (which  arc 

Otters^  and     those  whereof  most  account  may  be  made  in  that  place) 
^^'  and  also  Ellans  or  Stagges,  whereof  good  bufFe  be  made: 

Others  bringing  flesh  newly  killed,  wherewith  they  made 
Tabaguia  is  a  many  good  Tabagies,  or  feasts,  living  merrily  as  long  as 
savagetearme,  they  had  wherewithall.     They  never  wanted  any  Bread, 
ifnket^^        but  Wine  did  not  continue  with  them  till  the  season  was 
ended.     For  when  we  came  thither  the  yeare  following, 

346 


MONSIEUR  DE   MONTS  ad. 

1606. 

they  had  beene  about  three  Moneths  without  any  Wine, 
and  were  very  glad  of  our  comming,  for  that  made  them 
to  take  againe  me  taste  of  it. 

The  greatest  paine  they  had,  was  to  grinde  the  Corne 
to  have  Bread,  which  is  very  painfull  with  hand-mils,  Hand  Mils, 
where  all  the  strength  of  the  body  is  requisite.  This 
labour  is  so  great,  that  the  Savages  (although  they  be  very 
poore)  cannot  beare  it,  and  had  rather  to  be  without 
bread,  then  to  take  so  much  paines,  as  hath  beene  tried, 
oflFering  them  halfe  of  the  grinding  they  should  doe,  but 
they  choosed  rather  to  have  no  corne.  And  I  might  well 
beleeve  that  the  same,  with  other  things,  hath  beene  great 
meanes  to  breede  the  sicknesse  spoken  of,  in  some  of 
Monsieur  du  Pont  his  men :  for  there  died  some  halfe  [IV.  viii. 
a  dozen  of  them  that  winter.     True  it  is,  that  I  finde  a  ^^k^\ 

defect  in  the  buildings  of  our  Frenchmen,  which  is,  they  ^^^^^  ^^ 
had  no  ditches  about  them,  whereby  the  waters  of  the  Fault  in  their 
ground  next  to  them  did  run  under  their  lower-most  MMngs. 
roomes,  which  was  a  great  hindrance  to  their  health.     I 
adde  besides  the  bad  waters  which  they  used,  that  did 
not  run  from  a  quicke  spring,  but  from  the  neerest  brooke. 

The   winter   being   passed,    and    the    Sea    navigable,  Thefiimiture 
Monsieur  du  Pont  would  needes  atchieve  the  enterprise  of  Monsieur 
begxm   the  yeare  before  by  Monsieur  de   Monts,  and  f",zw\!^^^ 
to    goe   seeke   out   a   Port  more   Southerly,  where   the  coveryofneiv 
ayre  might  be  more  temperate,  according  as  he  had  in  lands. 
charge  of  the  said  Monsieur  de  Monts.     He  furnished 
then  the  Barke  which  remained  with  him  to  that  effect. 
But  being  set  out  of  the  Port,  and  full  ready,  hoisted  up 
sailes  for  Malebarre,  he  was  forced  by  contrary  winde 
twice  to  put  backe  againe,  and  at  the  third  time  the  said 
Barke  strake  against  the  rocks  at  the  entry  of  the  said  Thewrackeof 
Port.     In  this  disgrace  of  Neptune,  the  men  were  saved  ^^^^^'  ^^^^^^ 
with  the  better  part  of  provision  and  merchandise;   but 
as  for  the  Barke  it  was  rent  in  peeces.     And  by  this  mishap 
the  Voyage  was  broken,  and  that  which  was  so  desired 
intermitted.     For  the  habitation  of  Port  Royall  was  not 
judged  good.     And  notwithstanding  it  is,  on  the  North 

247 


A.D. 

i6o6. 
Causes  of 
delay  in 
esta^Hsiing 
the  dfoelTtng 
place  of  the 
Frenchmen. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

and  North-west  sides,  well  sheltered  with  Mountaincs, 
distant  some  one  league,  some  halfe  a  league  from  the 
Port  and  the  River  L'Esquelle.  So  we  see  how  that 
enterprises  take  not  effect  according  to  the  desires  of  men, 
and  are  accompanied  with  many  perils.  So  that  one  must 
not  wonder  if  the  time  be  long  in  establishing  of  Colonics, 
specially  in  lands  so  remote,  whose  nature,  and  tempera- 
ture of*^  aire  is  not  knowne,  and  where  one  must  fell  and 
cut  downe  Forrests,  and  be  constrained  to  take  heed,  not 
from  the  people  we  call  Savages,  but  from  them  that 
tearme  themselves  Christians,  and  yet  have  but. the  name 
of  it,  cursed  and  abhominable  people,  worse  thea  Wolves, 
enemies  to  God  and  humane  nature. 

This  attempt  then  being  broken.  Monsieur  du  Pont 
knew  not  what  to  doe,  but  to  attend  the  succour  and 
supply  that  Monsieur  de  Monts  promised  parting  from 
Port  Royall,  at  his  return  into  France,  to  send  him  the 
yeare  following.  Yet  for  all  events  he  built  another  Barke 
and  a  Shallop  for  to  seeke  French  Ships  in  the  places  where 
they  use  to  dry  fish,  such  as  Campsean  Port,  English 
Port,  Misamichis  Port:  the  Bay  ot  Chaleur  (or  Heat) 
the  Bay  of  Morves  or  Coddes,  and  others  in  great  number, 
according  as  Monsieur  de  Monts  had  done  the  former 
yeare,  to  the  end  to  Ship  htmselfe  in  them,  and  to  returne 
into  France,  in  case  that  no  Shippe  should  come  to  succour 
him. 


The  third 
voyage  made 
by  Monsieur 
de  Poutrin- 
court. 


Rochel. 


A  Bout  the  time  of  the  before  mentioned  Shipwracke, 
Monsieur  de  Monts  being  in  France,  knowing 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  his  desire,  he  wrote  unto  him, 
and  sent  a  man  of  purpose  to  give  him  notice  of  the 
Voyage  that  was  in  hand.  Which  the  said  Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt  accepted  of.  He  was  no  sooner  come  to 
Paris,  but  that  he  was  forced  to  depart,  not  having  scarse 
time  to  provide  for  things  necessary.  And  I  having  had 
that  good  hap  to  be  acquainted  with  him  some  yeares 
before,  he  asked  me  if  I  would  take  part  in  that  businesse? 
Being  come  to  Rochell,  we  found  there  Monsieur  de 

248 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 

Monts,  and  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  that  were  come 

in  Poste,  and  our  Ship  called  the  Jonas,  of  the  burthen 

of  one  hundred  and  firtie  tuns,  ready  to  passe  out  of  the 

chaines  of  the  Towne,  to  tarry  for  winde  and  tide.     The 

tyde  I  say,  because  that  a  great  Ship  laden,  cannot  come 

to  sea  from  Rochell,  but  in  spring  tydes,  upon  the  new 

and  full  Moone,  by  reason  that  in  the  Towne  roade  there 

is  no  sufiicient  depth.     I  beleeve,  that  after  so  many  trials, 

none  would  have  ventiired  to  goe  plant  Colonies  in  those 

parts,  that  Countrey  being  so  ill  spoken  of,  that  every 

one  did  pittie  us,  considering  the  accidents  happened  to 

them   that   had   beene   there   before.      Notwithstanding 

Monsieur  de  Monts  and  his  associates,  did  beare  manfully  Theamrageof 

this  losse.  Mjmsieurde 

The  Saturday,  Whitson  eve    the  thirteenth  of  May,  ^S^-^^" 
we  weied  our  anckers,  and  sailed  m  open  Sea,  so  that  by  ,3.  of  May 
little  and  little  we  lost  the  sight  of  the  great  Towers  and  1606. 
Towne  of  Rochell,  then  of  the  lies  of  Kez  and  Olcron, 
bidding  France  fare-well.     It  was  a  thing  fearefuU  for 
them  that  were  not  used  to  such  a  dance,  to  see  them 
carried  upon  so  moveable  an  element,  and  to  be  at  every 
moment  (as  it  were)  within  two  fingers  breadth  to  death. 
We  had  not  long  sailed,  but  that  many  did  their  endevour 
to  yeelde  up  the  tribute  to  Neptime.     In  the  meane  while 
we  went  still  forward,  for  there  was  no  more  going  backe, 
the  planke  being  once  taken  up.     The  sixteenth  of  May 
we  met  with  thirteene  Holanders,  going  for  Spaine,  which  Meetings  of 
did  inquire  of  our  voiage,  and  so  held  their  course.  ^^P^- 

About  the  eighteenth  day  of  June,  we  found  the  Sea- 
water,  during  three  dayes  space,  very  warme,  and  by  the 
same  warmth,  our  Wine  also  was  warme  in  the  bottome 
of  our  Ship,  yet  the  ayre  was  not  hotter  then  before. 
And  the  one  and  twentieth  of  the  said  Moneth,  quite 
contrary,  we  were  two  or  three  dayes  so  much  compassed 
with  Mistes  and  Coldes,  that  wee  thought  our  selves  to  Great  cold. 
be  in  the  moneth  of  January,  and  the  water  of  the  Sea 
was  extreame  cold.  Which  continued  with  us  untill  we 
came  upon  the  said  Banke,  by  reason  of  the  said  Mists, 

249 


A.D. 

i6o6. 
Causes  of 
delay  in 
establishing 
the  dwelRng 
place  of  the 
Frenchmen, 


PURCHAS 

and  North-west  sides,/* 
distant  some  one  lea' 
Port  and  the  Rive^' 
enterprises  take  nof.  ? 
and  are  accompanl  -^  % 
not  wondw*  if  tb-  *'  \  * 
specialhr  in  lan*<f? 
ture  of  aire  ir  |  * 
cut  downe  F  J 
from  the  r 
tearme  the 
of  it,  cur 
enemier 

Thi 
knev 


^s.     When 

I   zttrih' 


/^' 
fi 


fltffHts. 


^  Ices  (which  somttnu 
-  leagues  length,  and  as  hi^l, 
.nd  thnce  as  deepe  in  tht  watc«) 
1  Empire  m  this  Sea,  drive  out  fore 
.mch  IS  contrary  to  their  coldnesse,  and 
v>e  binde  and  close  on  this  side,  that  small 
suprj  .nilde  temperatiire  that  the  Summer  may  bring 

Pr<>     ^art,  where  they  come  to  seate  and  place  the^^^ 

^efore  we  come  to  the  Banke,  which  is  the  great  Banke 

^jjerc  the  fishing  of  greene  Cod-fishes  is  made  (so  are 

j/,ey  called  when  they  are  not  diy,  for  one  must  goe  aland 

/or  the  drying  of  them)  the  Sea-fering-men,  besides  the 

computation  they  make  of  their  course,  have  warnings 

when  they  come  neere  to  it,  by  Birds,  which  are  knowne : 

even  as  one  doth  them  of  these  our  parts,  returning  backe 

into  France,  when  one  is  within  one  hundred   or  one 

hundred  and  twenty  leagues  neere  it.     The  most  frequent 

of   these   Birds,    towards   the   said   Bankes,    be    Godes 

Fouquets,  and  other  called  Happe-foyes.  * 

The  Banke  whereof  we  speake,  are  Mountaines  grounded 

in  the  depth  of  the  waters,  which  are  raised  up  to  thirty 

six  and  thirty,  and  forty  fathams,  neere  to  the  upper  face 

of  the  Sea.     This  Banke  is  holden  to  be  of  two  hundred 

leagues  in  length,  and  is  eighteene,  twenty,  and  twenty 

foure  leagues  broad,  which  being  passed,  there  is  no  more 

bottome  found  out,  then  in  these  parts,  untill  one  co 

to  the  land.     The  Ships  being  there  arrived    the  ^^ 

are  rowled  up,  and  there  fishing  is  made  for  the  &r    ^  ^^ 

250  greene- 


^here  is  farther  oflf,  .     k        .u  a         '^''^' 

^   -rMati  won  '    above  the  grounds, 

^d  Map,  upo  ^^.^^^j^  ^^^^^  ^^^ 

niany  goe  *  ^taineth  this  vertue 

"d  f^?^  J!rawethtoitselfe. 

'ly^'^f  ^.-e  Ocean,  and  to 

"^^  ^^       ^iWnd  assumed 

6  ^'               -apours,  from 

'^  *  i    'solve  them, 

^nc  and  noted  u.  ^  i  ,     .gives,  and 

all  night,  keepmg  stiii  S  ^  r    /s  neerest 

c  dawne  of  ^^1  ^^^^^  ^^"^^'  ^^  '  '    "serveth 

^tist's    Eve,   in    Gods    name   we  pu..         ^  ^  ; . -n  the 
sailes    passing   that  day  a  fishing  of  Coo-.  * ;  ^hich 

thousand  mirths  and  contentments,  by  reason  igh 

meates,  whereof  we  had  as  much  as  we  would,  h;,        -if 
lone  before  wished  for  them.     Monsieur  de  Poutrinco^^     - 
ancf  a  yong  man  of  Retel  named  Le  Fleure,  who  by  reason 
of  the  Sea-sicknesse  were  not  come  out  from  their  beds 
nor  Cabines,  from  the  beginning  of  the  Navigation,  came 
upon  the  hatches  that  day,  and  had  the  pleasure  not  onely 
offishing  of  Cod,  but  also  of  those  Birds,  that  be  called 
by  the  ^ench  Marriners  Hapfoyes,  that  is  to  say.  Liver-  Ha^j^^ 
catchers,  because  of  their  greedinesse  to  devoure  the  livers  ^hy  ,0?^^ 
oi  the  Cod-fishes  that  are  cast  into  the  Sea,  after  their 
bellies  be  opened,  whereof  they  are  so  covetous,  that 
though  they  see  a  great  Powle  over  their  heads,  ready  to 
strike  them  downe,  yet  they  adventure  themselves  to  come 
neere  to  the  Ship,  to  catch  some  of  them,  at  what  price 
soever.     And  they  which  were  not  occupied  in  fishing, 
did  passe  their  time  in  that  sport.     And  so  did  they,  by 
their  diligence,  that  we  tooke  some  thirty  of  them. 

In  this  fishing,  we  sometimes  did  take  Sea-dogs,  whose  Sea-dogt  skins, 
skins  our  Joyners  did  keepe  carefully  to  smooth  their 
^orke  withall.  Item,  fishes  called  by  Frenchmen  Merlus, 
-which  be  better  then  Cod,  and  sometimes  another  kinde 
of  fish,  called  Bars:  which  diversity  did  augment  our 
delight.  They  which  were  not  busie  in  taking  neither 
Fishes  nor  Birds,  did  passe  their  time  in  gathering  the 

251 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606.. 
The  reason  of  which  outwardly  did  procure  this  cold  unto  us.  When 
this  Antiperi'  \  seeke  out  the  cause  of  this  Antiperistase,  I  attribute 
stase,  and  the  j^  ^^  ^j^^  j^^g  ^f  ^^  North,  which  come  floting  downe 
[IV.  viii.  upon  the  Coast  and  Sea  adjoyning  to  New-found-land, 
1628.]  ^j^j  Labrador,  which  we  have  said  elsewhere,  is  brought 
came  of  the      thither  with  the  Sea,  by  her  naturall  motion,  which  is 

^^^Ai^^'    S^^^^*"  ^^^^3  then  elsewhere,  because  of  the  great  space 
found- and.      ^^  j^^^j^  ^^  ^^^^  ^^  j^  ^  gulfe,  in  the  depth  of  America, 

where  the  natiire  and  situation  of  the  universall  earth 
doth  beare  it  easily.  Now  these  Ices  (which  sometimes 
are  seene  in  bankes  of  ten  leagues  length,  and  as  high 
as  Mountaines  and  hils,  and  thnce  as  deepe  in  the  waters) 
holding,  as  it  were,  an  Empire  in  this  Sea,  drive  out  farre 
from  them,  that  which  is  contrary  to  their  coldnesse,  and 
consequently  doe  binde  and  close  on  this  side,  that  small 
quantity  of  milde  temperature  that  the  Sununer  may  bring 
to  that  part,  where  they  come  to  seate  and  place  them- 
selves. 

Before  we  come  to  the  Banke,  which  is  the  great  Banke 

where  the  fishing  of  greene  Cod-fishes  is  made  (so  are 

they  called  when  they  are  not  diy,  for  one  must  goe  aland 

for  the  drying  of  them)  the  Sea-faring-men,  besides  the 

Warnings       computation  they  make  of  their  course,  have  warnings 

neere  the  great  when  they  come  neere  to  it,  by  Birds,  which  are  knowne : 

Banke.  ^^^^  as  one  doth  them  of  these  our  parts,  returning  backe 

into  France,  when  one  is  within  one  hundred  or  one 

hundred  and  twenty  leagues  neere  it.     The  most  frequent 

Birds  called     of   these   Birds,   towards    the   said   Bankes,   be   Godes, 

by  Frenchmen,  Fouquets,  and  Other  called  Happe-foyes. 

Godes,  >YYi^  Banke  whereof  we  speake,  are  Mountaines  grounded 

Hapfiiei        ^^  ^^^  depth  of  the  waters,  which  are  raised  up  to  thirty, 

six  and  thirty,  and  forty  fathams,  neere  to  the  upper  fkce 

of  the  Sea.     This  Banke  is  holden  to  be  of  two  hundred 

leagues  in  length,  and  is  eighteene,  twenty,  and  twenty 

foure  leagues  broad,  which  being  passed,  there  is  no  more 

bottome  found  out,  then  in  these  parts,  untill  one  come 

to  the  land.     The  Ships  being  there  arrived,  the  sailes 

are  rowled  up,  and  there  fishing  is  made  for  the  greene- 

250 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 

fish.  There  is  farther  off,  other  Bankes,  as  I  have  marked 
in  the  said  Map,  upon  the  which  good  fishing  may  be 
made :  and  many  goe  thither  that  know  the  places.  When 
that  we  parted  from  Rochel,  there  was  (as  it  were)  a 
Forrest  or  Ships  lying  at  Chef  de  Bois  (whereof  that  place 
hath  taken  his  name)  which  went  all  in  a  company  to  that 
Country,  preventing  us  (in  their  going)  but  onely  of  two 
dales. 

Having  seene  and  noted  the  Banke,  we  hoisted  up  sailes 
and  bare  all  night,  keeping  still  our  Coast  to  the  West. 
But  the  dawne  of  day  being  come,  which  was  Saint  John 
Baptist's  Eve,  in  Gods  name  we  pulled  downe  the 
sailes,  passing  that  day  a  fishing  ot  Cod-fish,  with  a  The  fishing  of 
thousand  mirths  and  contentments,  by  reason  of  fresh  ^^• 
meates,  whereof  we  had  as  much  as  we  would,  having 
long  before  wished  for  them.  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt, 
and  a  yong  man  of  Retel  named  Le  Fleure,  who  by  reason 
of  the  Sea-sicknesse  were  not  come  out  from  their  beds 
nor  Cabines,  from  the  beginning  of  the  Navigation,  came 
upon  the  hatches  that  day,  and  had  the  pleasure  not  onely 
of  fishing  of  Cod,  but  also  of  those  Birds,  that  be  called 
by  the  ftench  Marriners  Hapfoyes,  that  is  to  say.  Liver-  Hap-fiyes^ 
catchers,  because  of  their  greedinesse  to  devoure  the  livers  ^h  ^  ^^^* 
of  the  Cod-fishes  that  are  cast  into  the  Sea,  after  their 
bellies  be  opened,  whereof  they  are  so  covetous,  that 
though  they  see  a  great  Powle  over  their  heads,  ready  to 
strike  them  downe,  yet  they  adventure  themselves  to  come 
neere  to  the  Ship,  to  catch  some  of  them,  at  what  price 
soever.  And  they  which  were  not  occupied  in  fishing, 
did  passe  their  time  in  that  sport.  And  so  did  they,  by 
their  diligence,  that  we  tooke  some  thirty  of  them. 

In  this  fishing,  we  sometimes  did  take  Sea-dogs,  whose  Sea-dogs sk'm. 
skins  our  Joyners  did  keepe  carefully  to  smooth  their 
worke  withall.  Item,  fishes  called  by  Frenchmen  Merlus, 
which  be  better  then  Cod,  and  sometimes  another  kinde 
of  fish,  caUed  Bars :  which  diversity  did  augment  our 
delight.  They  which  were  not  busie  in  taking  neither 
Fishes  nor  Birds,  did  passe  their  time  in  gathering  the 

251 


A.D. 

i6o6. 


Excellent 
satonges  made 
with  the 
inwards  of 
Cod. 

The  weaker 
in  those  Seas 
contrary  then 


The  causes  of 
Mists  on  the 
West  Seas. 


[IV.  viii. 

1629.] 


PUaCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

hearts,  guts,  and  other  inward  parts  (most  delicate)  of  the 
Cod-fish,  which  they  did  mince  with  lard  and  spices,  and 
with  those  things  did  make  as  good  Bolonia  Saxisiges,  as 
any  can  be  made  in  Paris,  and  we  did  eate  of  them  with 
a  very  good  stomacke. 

From  the  eighteenth  of  June  untill  we  did  arrive  at 
Port  Royal,  we  have  found  the  weather  auite  otherwise 
to  that  we  had  before.  For  (as  we  have  auready  said)  we 
had  cold  mists  or  fogs,  before  our  comming  to  the  Banke 
(where  we  came  in  raire  sunshine)  but  the  next  day,  we 
tell  to  the  fogs  againe,  which  (a  fkrre  off)  we  might  perceive 
to  come  and  wrap  us  about,  holdings  us  continually 
prisoners  three  whole  dayes,  for  two  dayes  of  fiure  weather 
that  they  permitted  us :  which  was  alwayes  accompanied 
with  cold,  by  reason  of  the  Summers  absence.  Yea  even 
divers  we  have  seene  our  selves  a  whole  sennight,  con- 
tinually in  thicke  fogges,  twice  without  any  shew  of  Sunne, 
but  very  little,  as  I  will  recite  hereafter.  And  I  will  bring 
forth  a  reason  for  such  effects  which  seemeth  imto  me 
probable.  As  wee  see  the  fire  to  draw  the  moistnesse  of 
a  wet  cloth,  opposite  unto  it ;  likewise  the  Sunne  drawetb 
moistnesse  and  vapours  both  from  the  Sea  and  from  the 
land.  But  for  the  dissolving  of  them,  there  is  here  one 
vertue,  and  beyond  those  parts  another,  according  to  the 
accidents  and  circumstances  that  are  found.  In  these  our 
Coimtries  it  raiseth  up  vapours  onely  from  the  ground, 
and  from  our  Rivers :  which  earthly  vapours,  grosse  and 
waighty,  and  participating  lesse  of  the  moist  ellement, 
doe  cause  us  a  hot  aire,  and  the  earth  discharged  of  those 
vapours,  becomes  thereby  more  hot  and  parclung.  From 
thence  it  commeth,  that  the  said  vapours,  having  the  earth 
on  the  one  part,  and  the  Sunne  on  the  other,  which 
heateth  them,  they  are  easily  dissolved,  not  remaining 
long  in  the  ayre,  unlesse  it  be  in  winter,  when  the  earth 
is  waxen  cold,  and  the  Sunne  beyond  the  Equinoctiall  line, 
&rre  off  from  us.  From  the  same  reason  proceedeth  the 
cause  why  Mists  and  Fogs  be  not  so  frequent,  nor  so  long 
in  the  French  Seas,  as  the  New-found-land,  because  that 

252 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 


A.D. 
1606. 


the  Sunne,  passing  from  his  rising,  above  the  grounds, 
this  Sea,  at  the  comming  thereof,  receiveth  almost  but 
earthly  vapours,  and  by  a  long  space  retaineth  this  vertue 
to  dissolve  very  soone  the  exhalation  it  draweth  to  it  selfe. 
But  when  it  commeth  to  the  middest  of  the  Ocean,  and  to 
the  said  'New-found-land,  having  elevated  and  assumed 
in  so  long  a  course  a  great  abundance  of  vapours,  from 
this  moist  wide  Ocean,  it  doth  not  so  easily  dissolve  them, 
as  well  because  those  vapours  be  cold  of  themselves,  and 
of  their  nature,  as  because  the  element  which  is  neerest 
under  them,  doth  simpathize  with  them,  and  preserveth 
them,  and  the  Sunne  beames  being  not  holpen  in  the 
dissolving  of  them,  as  they  are  upon  the  earth.  Which 
is  even  scene  in  the  land  of  that  Countrie,  which  (although 
it  hath  but  small  heate,  by  reason  of  the  abundance  of 
woods)  notwithstanding  it  helpeth  to  disperse  the  Mists 
and  Fogges,  which  be  ordinarily  there,  in  the  morning, 
during  Summer,  but  not  as  at  Sea,  for  about  eight  a  clocke 
in  the  morning  they  begin  to  vanish  away,  and  serve  as 
a  dew  to  the  ground. 

The  eight  and  twentieth  day  of  June,  we  found  our 
selves  upon  a  small  banke  (other  then  the  great  Banke 
whereof  we  have  spoken)  at  forty  fathams.  From  that 
time  forward,  we  began  to  descry  land-markcs  (it  was  Landmarkes. 
New-found-land)  by  hearbes,  mosses,  flowers,  and  peeces 
of  wood,  that  we  alwaies  met,  abounding  the  more,  by 
so  much  wee  drew  neere  to  it.  The  fourth  day  of  July, 
our  sailers,  which  were  appointed  for  the  last  quarter 
watch,  descried  in  the  morning,  very  early,  every  one 
being  yet  in  bed,  the  lies  of  Saint  Peter.  And  the  Friday 
the  seventh  of  the  said  Moneth,  we  discovered,  on  the 
Larboord,  a  Coast  of  land,  high  raised  up.  Even  our 
Dogs  did  thrust  their  noses  out  of  the  Ship,  better  to 
draw  and  smell  the  sweet  ayre  of  the  land,  not  being  able 
to  containe  themselves  from  witnessing,  by  their  gestures, 
the  joy  they  had  of  it.  We  drew  within  a  league  neere 
unto  it,  and  (the  sailes  being  let  downe)  we  fell  a  fishing 
of  Cod,  the  fishing  of  the  Banke  beginning  to  faile.     They 

253 


The  discovery 
ofS.  Peters 
Hands. 
Plaine  dis- 
covery of  the 
Land, 


A.D. 

i6o6. 


Cap.  Breton. 


The  Bay  of 
Campseau. 
Eight  dates. 


Gods  favour  in 
danger. 


Cairn  weather. 


Morveiious 
odours 

commingfrom 
the  land. 


The  boording 
of  two 
Shallops. 


The  Savages 
goodly  men. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

which  had  before  us  made  voyages  in  those  parts,  did 
judge  us  to  be  at  Cape  Breton.     The  night  drawing  on, 
we  stood  off  to  the  Sea-ward:    the  next  day  following, 
being  the  eight  of  the  said  moneth  of  July,  as  we  drew 
neere  to  the  Bay  of  Campseau,  came,  about  the  evening, 
mists,  which  did  continue  eight  whole  dayes,  during  the 
which  we  kept  us  at  Sea,  hulling  still,  not  being  able  to 
goe  forward,   being  resisted  by  West  and   South-west 
windes.     During  these  eight  dayes,  which  were  from  one 
Saturday  to  anomer,  God  (who  hath  alwayes  guided  these 
voyages,  in  the  which  not  one  man  hath  been  lost  by  Sea) 
shewed  us  his  speciall  favour,  in  sending  unto  us,  among 
the  thicke  fogges,  a  clearing  of  the  Sunne,  which  continued 
but  halfe  an  hour :    And  then  had  we  sight  of  the  firme 
land,  and  knew  that  we  were  ready  to  be  cast  away  upon 
the  rockes,  if  wee  had  not  speedily  stood  off  to  ^ea-ward. 
Finally,  upon  Saturday,  the  fifteenth  of  July,  about  two 
a  clocke  in  the  afternoone,  the  skie  began  to  salute  us, 
as  it  were,  with  Cannon  shots,  shedding  teares,  as  being 
sorry  to  have  kept  us  so  long  in  paine.     So  that  faire 
weather  being  come  againe,  we  saw  comming  straight  to 
us  ^we  being  foure  leagues  off  from  the  land)  two  Shallops 
witti  open  sailes,  in  a  Sea  yet  wrathed.     This  thing  gave 
us  much  concent.     But  whilst  we  followed  on  our  course, 
there  came  from  the  land  odors  uncomparable  for  sweet- 
nesse,  brought  with  a  warme  winde,  so  abundantly,  that 
all  the  Orient  parts  could  not  procure  greater  abundance. 
We  did  stretch  out  our  hands,  as  it  were  to  take  them, 
so  palpable  were  they,  which  I  have  admired  a  thousand 
times  since.     Then  the  two  Shallops  did  approach,  the 
one  manned  with  Savages,  who  had  a  Stagge  painted  at 
their  sailes,  the  other  with  Frenchmen  of  Saint  Malocs, 
which  made  their  fishing  at  the  Port  of  Camseau,  but  the 
Savages  were  more  diligent,  for  they  arrived  first-    Having 
never  seene  any  before,  I  did  admire,  at  the  first  sight, 
their  faire  shape,  and  forme  of  visage.     One  of  them  did 
excuse  himselfe,  for  that  he  had  not  brought  his  faire 
bever  gowne,  because  the  weather  had  beene  foule.     He 

254 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  ad. 

1606. 
had  but  one  red  peece  of  Prize  upon  his  backe,  and 
Matachiaz  about  his  necke,  at  his  wrists,  above  the  elbow,  MatacAiaz  be 
and  at  his  girdle.     We  made  them  to  eate  and  drinke,  ^^rkanets^ 
During  that  time  they  told  us  all  that  had  passed,  a  yeare  ^^^^^'^^^ 
before,  at  Port  Royal  whither  we  were  bound.     In  the  torougkt 
meane  while  they  of  Saint  Maloe  came,  and  told  us  as  girdles. 
much  as  the  Savages  had.     Adding  that  the  Wednesday, 
when  that  we  did  shun  the  rockes,  they  had  seene  us,  and 
would  have  come  to  us  with  the  said  Savages,  but  that 
they  left  o£F,  by  reason  we  put  to  the  Sea :    and  moreover 
that  it  had  beene  alwayes  feire  weather  on  the  land :   which  During  the 
made  us  much  to  marvell:    but  the  cause  thereof  hath  ^i^^/^^^^^^^^ 
beene  shewed  before.     These  Prenchmen  of  Saint  Maloe  ^"^^"''^  ^ 
were  men  that  did  deale  for  the  associates  of  Monsieur 
de  Monts,  and  did  complaine  that  the  Baskes,  or  men  of 
Saint  John  de  Lus  (against  the  King  his  Inhibitions)  had 
trucked  with  the  Savages,  and  carried  away  above  six 
thousand  Beavers  skins.     They  gave  us  simdry  sorts  of 
their  fishes,  as  Bars,  Marlus,  and  great  Pletans. 

At  the  parting,  some  number  of  ours  went  aland  at  the  ^^  departing 
Port  of  Campseau,  as  well  to  fetch  us  some  wood  and  f^^^^  ""-^T 
fresh  water,  whereof  we  had  neede,  as  for  to  follow  the  ^akr^^^^^ 
Coast  from  that  place  to  Port  Royall  in  a  Shallop,  for 
we  did  feare  least  Monsieur  de  Pont  should  be  at  our 
comming  thither  already  gone  from  thence.     The  Savages  The  Savages 
made  offer  to  goe  to  him  thorow  the  woods,  with  promise  '^^  ^^^^^^  . 
to  be  there  within  six  dayes,  to  advertise  him  of  our  ^//^^/* 
comming,  to  the  end  to  cause  his  stay,  for  as  much  as 
word  was  left  with  him  to  depart,  unlesse  hee  were 
succoured  within  the  sixteenth  day  of  that  moneth,  which  t^^-  ^"*-    ^ 
he  failed  not  to  doe :    notwithstanding  our  men  desirous  ^°'^ 

to  see  the  Land  neerer,  did  hinder  the  same  which 
promised  us  to  bring  unto  us  the  next  day  the  said  wood 
and  water,  if  wee  would  approch  neere  the  Land,  which 
wee  did  not,  but  followed  on  our  course. 

Tuesday  the  seventeenth  of  July,  wee  were  according 
to  our  accustomed  nunner,  surprized  with  mists  and 
contrarie    wind.      But    the    Thursday    wee    had    calme 

255 


A.O. 

i6o6. 

Mists. 
Cahnts, 

Port  au 
Rossifftoll, 

Port  au 
Mouton, 


What  grofoes 
in  the  Land  at 
Port  au 
Mouton. 


he  Cap,  de 
Sable. 
Long  I  land. 

The  Bay  o/S. 
Mary. 

The  arriving 
toPortRoyall. 


Difficulties  in 
camming  in. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

weather,  so  that  whether  it  were  mist  or  fiure  weather 
wee  went  nothing  forward.  After  this  calme  wee  had 
two  dayes  of  fogges.  The  Sunday  the  three  and  twentieth 
of  the  said  moneth,  wee  had  knowledge  of  the  Port  Du 
Rossignoll,  and  the  same  day  in  the  afternoone,  the  Sunne 
shining  feire,  we  cast  Anchor  at  the  mouth  of  Port  du 
Mouton,  and  we  were  in  danger  to  ^  upon  a  shoald, 
being  come  to  two  £ithomes  and  a  halfe  depth.  We  went 
aland  seventeene  of  us  in  number,  to  fetch  the  wood  and 
water,  whereof  we  had  need.  There  we  found  the  Cabins 
and  Lodgings,  yet  whole  and  unbroken,  that  Monsieur 
de  Monts  made  two  yeeres  before,  who  had  sojourned 
there  by  the  space  of  one  moneth,  as  we  have  said  in  his 
place.  We  saw  there,  being  a  sandy  Land,  store  of  Okes, 
bearing  Acornes,  Cypresse-trecs,  Firre-trees,  Bay-trees, 
Muske-roses,  Goose-berries,  Purslen,  Raspies,  Femes, 
Lysimachia,  (a  kind  of  Sammonee)  Calamus  odoratus, 
Angelica,  and  other  Simples,  in  the  space  of  two  houres 
that  wee  tarried  there.  Wee  brought  backe  in  our  ship 
wilde  Peaze,  which  we  found  good.  We  had  not  the 
leisure  to  hunt  after  Rabets  that  be  there  in  great  number, 
not  fiurre  from  the  Port,  but  we  returned  aboord  as  scene 
as  we  had  laden  our  selves  with  water  and  wood:  and 
so  hoised  up  sailes. 

Tuesday  the  five  and  twentieth  day  we  were  about  the 
Cap  de  Sable,  in  feire  weather,  and  made  a  good  journey, 
for  about  the  evening  we  came  to  sight  of  Lon^  He,  and 
the  Bay  of  Saint  Marie,  but  because  of  the  night  we  put 
back  to  the  Seaward.  And  the  next  day  we  cast  Anchor 
at  the  mouth  of  Port  Royall,  where  wee  could  not  enter 
by  reason  it  was  ebbing  water,  but  we  gave  two  Canon 
shot  from  our  ship  to  smite  the  said  Port,  and  to  advertize 
the  Frenchmen  that  we  were  there. 

Thursday  the  seven  and  twentieth  of  July,  we  came  in 
with  the  floud,  which  was  not  without  much  difficultie, 
for  that  we  had  the  wind  contrarie,  and  gusts  of  wind 
from  the  Mountains,  which  made  us  almost  to  strike 
upon  the  Rockes.     And  in  these  troubles  our  ship  bare 

256 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  aj). 

1606. 

still  contrarie,  the  Poopc  before,  and  sometimes  turned 
round,  not  being  able  to  do  any  other  thing  else.     Finally, 
being  in  the  Port,  it  was  unto  us  a  thing  marvellous  to  ThhtauAeof 
su  the  fiiire  distance  and  largenesse  of  it,  and  the  Moun-  '^  ^'^'"^• 
taines  and  Hils  that  invironed  it,  and  I  wondred  how  so 
faire  a  place  did  remayne  desert,  being  all  filled  with 
Woods,  seeing  that  so  many  pine  away  in  the  World, 
which  might  make  good  of  this  Land,  if  onely  they  had 
a  chiefe  Governour  to  conduct  them  thither.     We  knew 
not  yet,  if  Monsieur  du  Pont  was  gone  or  no,  jjnd  there- 
fore wee  did  expect  that  hee  shoiud  send  some  men  to 
mecte  us ;   but  it  was  in  vaine :    for  hee  was  gone  from 
thence  twelve  dayes  before.     And  whilest  we  did  hull  in 
the  middest  of  the  Port  Membertou,  the  greatest  Sagamos  Saganw 
of  ,the  Souriquois  (so  are  the  people  cdled  with  whom  ^e^^ 
we  were)  came  to  the  French  Fort,  to  them  that  were  ^^P^"^- 
left  there,  being  only  two,  crying  as  a  mad  man,  saying 
in  his  Language ;   What !  You  stand  here  a  dining  (for 
it  was  about  noone)  and  doe  not  see  a  great  ship  that 
commeth  here;   and  we  know  not  what  men  they  are: 
Suddenly  these  two  men  ranne  upon  the  Bulwarke,  and 
with  diligence  made  readie  the  Canons,  which  they  fur- 
nished with  Pellets  and   touch  Powder.      Membertou, 
without  delay,  came  in  a  Canow  made  of  barkes  of  trees, 
with  a  Daughter  of  his,  to  view  us :    And  having  found 
but  friendship,  and  knowing  us  to  be  Frenchmen,  made 
no  alarme.     Notwithstanding  one  of  the  two  Frenchmen 
left  there,  called  La  Taille,  came  to  the  shoare  of  the  Port, 
his  match  on  the  cocke,  to  know  what  we  were  (though 
he  knew  it  well  enough,  for  we  had  the  white  Banner 
displayed  at  the  top  of  the  Mast)  and  on  the  sudden 
foure   volley   of   Canons   were    shot   off,   which    made 
innimierable  echoes:    And  from  our  part,  the  Fort  was 
saluted  with  three  Canon  shots,  and  many  Musket  shots, 
at  which  time  our  Trumpeter  was  not  slacke  of  his  dutie. 
Then  we  landed,  viewed  the  house,  and  we  passed  that 
day  in  giving  God  thankes,  in  seeing  the  Savages  Cabins, 
and  waking  thorow  the  Medowes.     But  I  cannot  but 
XVIII  257  R 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 
Praises  of  the   praise  the  gentle  courage  of  these  two  men,  one  of  them 
too  French-     \  have  akeadie  named,  the  other  is  called  Miquelot :  which 
InForufPort  ^^^^^  ^^^  ^^  ^^  mentioned  here,  for  having  so  freely 
Rnall.  exposed  their  lives  in  the  conservation  of  the  welfare  of 

New  France.     For  Monsieur  du  Pont  having  but  one 
Barke  and  a  Shallop,  to  seeke  out  towards  New-found- 
land,  for  French  shippes,  could  not  charge  himselfe  with 
so  much  furniture,  Corne,  Meate,  and  Merchandises  as 
were  there ;  which  he  had  bin  forced  to  cast  into  the  Sea 
(and  which  had  bin  greatly  to  our  prejudice,  and  we  did 
feare  it  very  much)  if  these  two  men  had  not  adventured 
themselves  to  tarrie  there,  for  the  preserving  of  those 
things,  which  they  did  with  a  willing  and  joyftill  minde. 
The  Friday,  next  day  after  our  arrivall.  Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt  affected  to  this  Enterprize,  as  for  himselfe, 
The  HlTtng  of  P^^  P^^  of  his  people  to  worke  in  the  tillage  and  manuring 
the  ground,      of  the   ground,   whilest  the   others  were   employed  in 
making  cleane  of  the  Chambers,  and  every  one  to  make 
^,  readie  that  which  belonged  to  his  Trade.     In  the  meane 

with  Monsieur  ^^^^  those  people  of  ours  that  had  left  us  at  Campseau, 
duPmt.         to  come  along  the  Coast,  met  (as  it  were  miraculously) 
[IV.  viii.     ^  with  Monsieur  du  Pont,  among  Hands,  that  bee  in  great 
163 I.J  number  in  those  parts.     The  said  Monsieur  du  Pont,  at 
this  happie  and  fortunate  meeting,  returned  backe  to  sec 
us  in  the  Port  Royall,  and  to  ship  himselfe  in  the  Jonas, 
to  returne  into  France.     As  this  chance  was  beneficiall 
unto  him,  so  was  it  unto  us,  by  the  meanes  of  his  ships 
that  hee  left  with  us.     For  without  that,  wee  had  beenc 
in  such  extremitie  that  we  had  not  beene  able  to  goe  nor 
come  any  where,  our  ship  being  once  returned  into  France. 
Hee  arrived  there,  on  Monday  the  last  of  July,  and  tarried 
yet  in  Port  Royall,  untill  the  eight  and  twenty  of  August. 
All  this  moneth  we  made  merry. 

At  the  very  beginning,  we  were  desirous  to  see  the 
Countrie  up  the  River,  wnere  wee  found  Medowes,  almost 
continuall  above  twelve  leagues  of  ground,  among  which, 
brookes  doesOinne  without  number,  which  come  from 
the  Hills  and  Mountaines  adjoyning.     The  Woods  very 

258 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

thicke  on  the  water  shoares,  and  so  thicke,  that  sometimes, 
one  cannot  got  thorow  them.  In  the  passage  to  come 
forth  from  the  same  Fort,  for  to  goe  to  Sea,  there  is  a 
Brooke,  which  falleth  from  the  hi^  Rockes  downe,  and 
in  fkllinfi;  disperseth  it  selfe  into  a  small  raine,  which  is 
very  dehghtmll  in  Summer,  because  that  at  the  foote  of 
the  Rocke  there  are  Caves,  wherein  one  is  covered,  whilest 
that  this  raine  falleth  so  pleasantly:  And  in  the  Cave 
(wherein  the  raine  of  this  Brooke  falleth)  is  made,  as  it 
were,  a  Rain-bowe,  when  the  Sunne  shineth :  which  hath 
given  me  great  cause  of  admiration. 

Within  fifteene  leagues  of  our  dwelling,  the  Countrey, 
thorow  which  the  River  L^Equille  passeth,  is  all  plaine 
and  even.  I  have  seene  in  those  parts  many  Countries, 
where  the  land  is  all  even,  and  the  fairest  of  the  world. 
But  the  perfection  thereof  is,  that  it  is  well  watered.  And 
for  witnesse  whereof,  not  onely  in  Port  Royall,  but  also 
in  all  New  France,  the  great  River  of  Canada  is  proofe 
thereof,  which  at  the  end  of  foure  hundred  leagues  is  as 
broad  as  the  greatest  Rivers  of  the  world,  replenished  with 
lies  and  Rockes  innumerable :  taking  her  beginning  from 
one  of  the  Lakes  which  doe  meete  at  the  streame  of  her 
course  (and  so  I  thinke)  so  that  it  hath  two  courses,  the 
one  from  the  East  towards  France :  the  other  from  the 
West  towards  the  South  Sea:  which  is  admirable,  but 
not  without  the  like  example  found  in  our  Europe.  For 
the  River  which  commeth  downe  to  Trent,  and  to  Verone 
proceedeth  from  a  Lake  which  produceth  another  River, 
whose  course  is  bent  opposite  to  the  River  of  Lins,  which 
faUeth  into  the  River  Danube.  So  the  Nile  issueth  from 
a  Lake  that  bringeth  forth  other  Rivers,  which  discharge 
themselves  into  the  great  Ocean. 

Let  us  returne  to  our  tillage:  for  to  that  must  wee 
apply  our  selves :  it  is  the  first  mine  that  must  bee  sought 
for,  which  is  more  worth  than  the  treasures  of  Atabalipa : 
And  hee  that  hath  Corne,  Wine,  Cattell,  Woollen  and 
Linnen,  Leather,  Iron,  and  afterward  Cod-fish,  he  needeth 
no  other  treasures,  for  the  necessaries  of  life.     Now  all 

259 


A.D. 
1606. 


Thifirmi  of  a 
Rmn-bow 
under  a  Cavf. 


Greainesse  of 
Canada  400. 
leagues  from 
the  mouth.  . 
It  springs frrom 
a  Lake, 


Whkh  is  the 
first  mine. 


AJ). 
1606. 


Sowing  of 
Come, 


August  20. 


Causioftke 
Voyage  made 
into  ike 
country  of  the 
Jrmoucii' 
fuois. 


ParAngfrom 
Port  Royall. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

this  is  (or  may  be)  in  the  Land  by  us  described:  upon 
which  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  having  caused  a  secoDd 
tillage  to  be  made,  in  fifteene  dayes  after  his  arrivall 
thither,  he  sowed  it  with  our  French  Corne,  as  well  Wheat 
and  Rie,  as  with  Hempe,  Flaxe,  Turnep  seed,  Radice, 
Cabages,  and  other  seeds :  And  the  eight  day  following, 
he  saw  that  his  labour  had  not  beene  in  vaine,  but  rather 
a  faire  hope,  by  the  production  that  the  ground  had  already 
made  of  the  seedes  which  shee  had  received.  Which 
being  shewed  to  Monsieur  du  Pont,  was  unto  him  a  feirc 
subject  to  make  his  relation  in  France,  as  a  thing  altogether 
new  there.  The  twentieth  day  of  August  was  already 
come,  when  these  faire  shewes  were  made,  and  the  time 
did  admonish  them  that  were  to  goe  in  the  Voyage,  to 
make  ready.  Whereunto  they  beganne  to  give  oroer,  so 
that  the  five  and  twentieth  day  of  the  same  moneth,  after 
many  peales  of  Ordnance,  they  weighed  anchor  to  come 
to  the  mouth  of  the  Port,  which  is  commonly  the  first 
dayes  journey. 

Monsieur  de  Monts  being  desirous  to  reach  as  farre 
into  the  South  as  he  could,  and  seeke  out  a  place  very 
fit  to  inhabite,  beyond  Malebarre,  had  requested  Monsieur 
de  Poutrincourt  to  passe  farther  than  yet  he  had  done, 
and  to  seeke  a  convenient  Port  in  good  temperature  of 
aire,  making  no  greater  account  of  Fort  Royall  than  of 
Saint  Croix,  in  that  which  concerneth  health.  Whereunto 
the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  being  willing  to  conde- 
scend, would  not  tarrie  for  the  Spring  time,  knowing  he 
should  have  other  employments  to  exercise  hlmselfe 
withall.  But  seeing  his  sowings  ended,  and  his  field 
greene,  resolved  himselfe  to  make  this  Voyage  and  Dis- 
coverie  before  Winter.  So  then  hee  disposed  aU  things 
to  that  end,  and  with  his  Barke  anchored  neere  to  the 
Jonas,  to  the  end  to  get  out  in  companie. 

The  eight  and  twentieth  day  of  the  said  moneth  each 
of  us  tooke  his  course,  one  one  way,  and  the  other  another, 
diversly  to  Gods  keeping.  As  for  Monsieur  du  Pont  he 
p\uT)0sed  by  the  way  to  set  upon  a  Merchant  of  Roan, 

260 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  ad. 

1606. 

named  Boyer,  who  (contraiy  to  the  Kings  inhibitions)  was 
in  those  parts  to  trucke  with  the  Savages,  notwithstanding 
hee  had  beene  delivered  out  of  prison  in  Rochell,  by  the 
consent  of  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  under  promise  hee 
should  not  goe  thither;   but  the  said  Boyer  was  already 
gone.    And  as  for  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  hee  tooke 
his  course  for  the  He  of  Saint  Croix,  the  Frenchmens  first 
abode,  having  Monsieur  de  Champdore  for  Master  and 
Guide  of  his  Barque :    but  beeing  hindered  by  the  winde, 
and  because  his  Barque  did  leake,  hee  was  forced  twice  paireRie 
to  put  backe  againe.     In  the  end  hee  quite  passed  the  found  at  5. 
Bay  Fran9oise,  and  viewed  the  said  He,  where  hee  found  Cmx. 
ripe  Corne,  of  that  which  two  yeeres  before  was  sowed  [IV.  viii. 
by  Monsieur  de  Monts,  which  was  faire,  bigge,  weighty,  ^^3*-] 

and  well  filled.     Hee  sent  unto  us  some  of  that  Corne  to 
Port  Royall,  where  I  was  requested  to  stay,  to  looke  to 
the  house,  and  to  keepe  the  rest  of  the  companie  there, 
in  concord.      Whereunto   I  did  agree  (though  it  was 
referred  to  my  will)  for  the  assiuance  that  wee  had  among 
our  selves,  that  the  yeere  following  wee  should  make  our 
habitation  in  a  warmer  Countrie  beyond  Malebarre,  and  Tkeir  man- 
that  wee  should  all  goe  in  companie  with  them  that  should  ^^^  ^L^lt^ 
bee  sent  to  us  out  of  France.     In  the  meane  while  I  ^^  ^  ^^  ' 
employed   my  selfe   in  dressing  the  ground,   to  make  southward. 
inclosures  and  partitions  of  Gardens,  tor  to  sowe  Corne 
and  Kitchin  heroes.     Wee  caused  also  a  Ditch  to  bee  made  A  di^A 
all  about  the  Fort,  which  was  very  needful!  to  receive  the  ^^^^^ 
waters  and  moistnesse,  that  before  did  runne  underneath  **^' 
among  the  rootes  of  trees,  that  had  beene  fallen  downe : 
which  pcradventure  did  make  the  place  unhealthfuU.     I 
will  not  stand  in  describing  heere,  what  each  of  our  other 
workmen    and    labourers    did    particularly    make.      It 
sufficeth,    that  wee   had   store   of  Joyners,   Carpenters,  fTJkat  store  of 
Masons,    Stone-carvers,   Lock-smithes,   Taylors,   Boord-  ^[^^^  ^^^ 
sawyers,   Mariners,  &c.  who  did  exercise  their  Trades,  ^^^^^ 
which  (in  doing  their  duties)  were  very  kindly  used,  for  Their  exercise 
they  were  at  their  owne  libertie  for  three  houres  labour  a  and  manner  of 
day.     The  overplus  of  the  time  they  bestowed  it,  in  going  ^fi* 

261 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

i6o6. 
Mussels^         to  gather  Mussels,  which  are  a{  lowe  water  in  great 
Lobsursf         quantitie  before  the  Fort,  or  Lobsters,  or  Crabbes,  which 
^^^^^'  are  in  Port  Royall,  irnder  the  Rockes  in  great  abundance, 

or  Cockles,  which  are  in  every  part  in  the  oze,  about  the 
shoares  of  the  said  Port :    All  that  kinde  of  fish  is  taken 
without  Net  or  Boat.     Some  there  were  that  sometimes 
Goodfrth       tooke  wilde-fowle,  but  not  beingr  skilfuU,  they  spoylcd  the 
v^nofwUde  game.     And  as  for  us,  our  T5)le  was  furnished  by  one 
•^  *  of  Monsieur  de  Monts  men,  who  provided  for  us  in  such 

sort  that  wee  wanted  no  fowle,  bringing  unto  us,  some- 
times halfe  a  dozen  of  birds,  called  by  Frenchmen,  Outards 
(a  kinde  of  wilde  Geese)  sometimes  as  many  Mallards, 
or  wilde  Geese,  white  and  gray,  very  often  two  or  three 
dozen  of  Larkes,  and  other  kindes  of  birds.    As  for 
JFhatquanHty  Bread,  no  body  felt  want  thereof,  and  every  one  had  three 
rfBread  and   (Quarts  of  pure  and  good  Wine  a  day.     Which  hath  con- 
^'  tinucd  with  us  as  long  as  wee  have  beene  there,  saving 

that,  when  they,  who  came  to  fetch  us,  instead  of  bringing 
commodities  unto  us,  helped  us  to  spend  our  owne.    For 
our  allowance,  wee  had  Pease,  Beanes,  Rice,  Prunes, 
Raisins,  drie  Codde,  and  salt  Flesh,  besides  Oyle  and 
Butter.     But  whensoever  the  Savages,  dwelling  neere  us, 
had  taken  any  quantitie  of  Sturgions,  Salmons,  of  small 
*AhndiQf    fishes;    Item,  any  Bevers,  *Ellans,  Carabous  (or  fellov 
^D^eu    ^^^     Deere)  they  brought  unto  us  halfe  of  it :    and  that  which 
The^Bkeratt    r^niained  they  exposed  it  sometimes  to  sale  publikely,  and 
nature  of  ike    they  that  would  have  any  thereof  did  trucke  Bread  for 
Savaggs,  it. 

Wherein  is  to  be  noted  a  thing  that  now  I  remember. 

It  is,  that  being  necessary  to  cut  turfes  to  cover  the  Piles 

of  wood,  heaped  to  make  the  said  Coales,  there  was  found 

fFhat  earth  is  in  the  Medowes  three  foote  deepe  of  earth,  not  earth, 

in  the  but  grasse  or  herbes  mingled  with  mudde,  which  have 

Medowes.        heaped  themselves  yeerely  one  upon  another  from  the 

begmnine   of   the   world,    not   having   beene    mooved. 

Neverthelesse  the  greene  thereof  serveth  for  pastwe  to 

the  Ellans,  which  wee  have  many  times  seene  in  our 

Medowes  of  those  parts,  in  herds  of  three  or  foure,  great 

262 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 

and  small,  suffering  themselves  sometimes  to  bee 
approached,  then  they  ranne  to  the  Woods :  But  I  may 
say  moreover,  that  I  have  seene,  in  crossing  two  leagues 
or  our  said  Medowes,  the  same  to  bee  aU  troden  with 
trackes  of  Ellans,  for  I  knowe  not  there  any  other  cloven  Ellans  in  the 
footed  beasts.  There  was  killed  one  of  those  beasts,  not  ^^doms, 
ferre  off  from  our  Fort  at  a  place  where  Monsieur  de 
Monts  having  caused  the  grasse  to  bee  mowed  two  yeeres 
before,  it  was  growne  againe  the  fiiirest  of  the  world. 
Some  might  marvell  how  those  Medowes  are  made,  seeing 
that  all  the  ground  in  those  places  is  covered  with  Woods. 
For  satisfaction  whereof,  let  the  curious  Reader  knowe, 
that  in  high  Spring  tides,  specially  in  March  and  Sep- 
tember, the  floud  covereth  those  shoares,  which  hindereth 
the  trees  there  to  take  roote.  But  every  where,  where 
the  water  overfloweth  not,  if  there  bee  any  ground,  there 
are  Woods. 

LEt  us  returne  to  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  whom  we  PoutHncourts 
have  left  in  the  He  Saint  Croix.     Having  made  there  discovery, 
a  review,  and  cherished  the  Savages  that  were  there,  hee 
went  in  the  space  of  foure  dayes  to  Pemptegoet,  which  is  Pempugpetthe 
that  place  so  famous  under  the  name  of^  Norombega.  ^*'  ^^  9f 
There  needeth  riot  so  long  a  time  in  conmiing  thither,  ^^^f^*' 
but  hee  tarried  on  the  way  to  mend  his  Barke :    for  to 
that  end  he  had  brought  with  him  a  Smith  and  a  Carpenter, 
and  quantitie  of  boords.     Hee  crossed  the  lies,  which  bee 
at  the  mouth  of  the  River,  and  came  to  Kinibeki,  where  KiniMi. 
his  Barke  was  in  danger,  by  reason  of  the  great  streames 
that  the  nature  of  the  place  procureth  there.     This  was 
the  cause  why  hee  made  there  no  stay,  but  passed  further 
to  the  Bay  of  Marchin,  which  is  the  name  of  a  Captaine  Tie  Bay  of 
of  the  Savages,  who  at  the  arrivall  of  the  said  Monsieur  Marchin. 
de  Poutrincourt,  beganne  to  crie  out  aloud  He  He: 
whereunto  the  like  answere  was  made  unto  him.     Hee 
re[>lied,  asking  in  his  Language,  What  are  yee?     They 
answered  him.  Friends:    And  thereupon  Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt  approaching,  treated  amitie  with  him,  and 

263 


A.0.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

presented  him  with  Knives,  Hatchets,  and  Matachiaz,  that 
is  to  say,  Scarfes,  Karkenets  and  Bracelets  made  of  Bcadcs, 
or  Quills  made  of  white  and  blue  Glasse ;   whereof  hec 
Confederacy,    was  very  glad,  as  also  for  the  confederacy  that  the  said 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  made  with  him,  knowing  very 
[IV.  viii.        well  that  the  same  would  bee  a  great  aide  and  support 
1633.]  unto  him.     Hee  distributed  to  some  men  that  were  about 
him,  among  a  great  number  of  people,  the  Presents  that 
the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  gave  him,  to  whom  hec 
Orignac  or      brought  Store  of  Orignac,  or  Ellans  flesh  (for  the  Baskes 
Elian:  Joe  Call  a  Stagge,  or  jEllan,  Orignac)  to  refresh  the  com- 

^^h^thi^are  ^^^^  ^^^^  victuals.     That  done,  they  set  sayles  towards 
^Hke  Oxeu^^^  Chouakoet,  where  the  River  of  Captaine  Olmechin  is, 
Thi  River  of  and  where  the  yeere  following  was  made  the  warre  of  the 
Olmechin.       Souriquois  and  Etcchemins,  under  the  conduct  of  the 
Sagamos  Membertou,  which  I  have  described  in  Verses, 
which  Verses  I  have  inserted  among  the  Muses  of  New 
Port  De         France.     At  the  entry  of  the  Bay  of  the  said  place  of 
^ATlk^dof    Chouakoet  there  is  a  great  Hand,  about  halfc  a  league 
Vines,  "         compasse,  wherein  our  men  did  first  discover  any  Vines 
(for,  although  there  bee  some  in  the  Lands  neerer  to  Port 
Royall,  notwithstanding  there  was  yet  no  knowledge  had 
of  them)  which  they  foimd  in  great  quantitie,  having  the 
trunke  three  and  foure  foote  high,  and  as  bigge  as  ones 
fist  in  the  lower  part,  the  Grapes  faire  and  great,  and  some 
as  big  as  Plummes,  or  lesser:    but  as  blacke,  that  they 
left  a  staine  where  their  liquour  was  spilled:     Those 
Grapes,  I  say,  lying  over  bushes  and  brambles  that  growe 
in  the  same  Iland,  where  the  trees  are  not  so  thicke  as  in 
other  where,  but  are  sixe  or  seven  rods  distant  assunder, 
which  causeth  the  Grapes  to  be  ripe  the  sooner;   having 
besides  a  ^ound  very  fit  for  the  same,  gravelly  and  sandy. 
They  tamed  there  but  two  hoxires :    but  they  noted,  that 
there  were  no  Vines  on  the  North  side,  even  as  in  the 
He  Saint  Croix  are  no  Cedar  trees,  but  on  the  West  side. 
The  River  of       From  this  Iland  they  went  to  the  River  of  Olmechin, 
Olmechin.       ^   VoTt   of   Chauakoet,    where    Marchin   and    the   said 
Olmechin  brought  to  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  a  prisoner 

264 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 
of  the  Soiiric^uois  (and  therefore  their  enemy)  which  they 
gave  unto  him  freely.     Two  houres  after,  there  arrived 
two  Savages,  the  one  an  Eteshemin,  named  Chkoudun,  Thegalant- 
Captaine  of  the  River  Saint  John,  called  by  the  Savages  «««  tft^ 
Oigoudi:    The  other  a  Souriquois,  named  Messamoet,  ^^^S^'- 
Captaine  or  Sagamos  of  the  River  of  the  Port  De  la  Port  De  la 
Heve,  where  this  prisoner  was  taken.     They  had  great  ^^'• 
store  of  Merchandises  trucked  with  Frenchmen,  which 
they  were  comming  to  utter,  that  is  to  say,  great,  meane, 
and    small    Ketdes,    Hatchets,    Knives,    Gownes,    short 
Clokes,   red   Waste-coates,    Bisket,    and    other    things: 
whereupon  there  arrived  twelve  or  fifteene  Boats,  full  of 
Savages  of  Olmechins  subjection,  being  in  very  good 
order,  all  their  faces  painted,  according  to  their  wonted  TAe  Savagtt 
custome,  when  they  will  seeme  faire,  having  their  Bow  doe  paint  tbiir 
and  Arrow  in  hand,  and  the  quiver,  which  they  layed  •^'^^"' 
downe  aboord.     At  that  houre  Messamoet  beganne  his 
Oration  before  the  Savages :    shewing  them,  how  that  in  The  Oratm 
times  past,  they  often  had  friendship  together:    and  that  0/ Messamoet. 
they  might  easily  overcome  their  enemies,  if  they  would 
have  intelligence  and  serve  themselves  with  the  amitie 
of  the  Frenchmen,  whom  they  saw  there  present  to  knowe 
their  Countrey,  to  the  end  to  bring  commodities  unto 
them  hcrcaftw,  and  to  succour  them  with  their  forces,  which 
forces  he  knew,  and  hee  was  the  better  able  to  make  a 
demonstration  th«:eof  unto  them,  by  so  much  that  hee 
which  spake,  had  before  time  beene  in  France,  and  dwelt 
there    with    Monsieur    de    Grandmont,    Govemour    of 
Bayonne,  Finally,  his  speech  continued  almost  an  houre 
with  much  vchemency  and  affection,  with  a  gesture  of 
body  and  armes,  as  is  requisite  in  a  good  Oratour.     And 
in  the  end  he  did  cast  all  his  merchandises  (which  were  Messamoeu 
worth  above  three  hundred  crownes,  brought  into  that  ^fictientothe 
Countrie)  into  Ohnechin  his  Boat,  as  making  him  a  present  j^^^mse 
of  that,  in  assurance  of  the  love  hee  would  witnesse  unto  and  Mera/ity 
him.     That  done  the  night  hasted  on,  and  every  one  0/ Messamoet. 
retired  himselfe.     But  Nlessamoet  was  not  pleased,  for 
that  Olmechin  made  not  the  like  Oration  unto  him,  nor 

265 


A.D. 

i6o6. 


PURCHAS  J         yi^^Itll^lES 

presented  him  with  Kni>/  Hvages   have  that  aoWt 

IS  to  say,  Scarfes,  Kark  y^R  ^t  the  feet  of  i* 

or  Quills  made  of  v^,  V*iat  thev  give  » 

Confederacy,     was  very  glad,  as  'J  jr  ^^Procall  faV 

Monsieur  de  PouV  |.  4  ^all,  with 

[IV.  viii.        well  that  the  sa;.  |  ^      ^  ^  "    ^give 

1633.]  unto  him.     Hejl?^         ^¥  \r 

him,  among  3.  ?  jt  "^  •*rre 

the  said  Moi:  /  %  ^A  ^e   mornii. 

Ori^»tf^  or      brought  str  \\  %  «^  ^ate  laden  with  that 

Elian:  doe  Call  a     *  ^  uacco,  Beanes   and  Pumpion 

Champion  j^  ^j  *^  ..ere  and  there.      Those  two  ai>- 

MeOxen ""''  Chouak  .  Marchin  have  since  beene  killed  in 

The  River  of  and  w  A^hose  stead  was  chosen  by  the  Savages, 

Olmeclan.       Sour'  .ssabes,  which  since  our  returne  hath  beene 

Sap  englishmen:    and  in  stead  of  him  they  have 

wV  Captaine  to  come  from  within  the  Lands,  named 

FortDe         ^i     j^^^  a  grave  man,  valiant  and  redoubted,  which,  in 
Chouakoet         ^^  twinkling  of  an   eye,   will  gather  up   a    thousand 
irnelT'^         5avages  together,  which  thing  Ohnechin  and    Marchin 
^^^^'  Alight  also  doe.     For  our  Barkes  being  there,  presently 

the  Sea  was  seene  all  covered  over  with  their  Boates,  laden 
with  nimble  and  lusty  men,  holding  themselves  up  straight 
in  them:    which  wee  cannot  doe  without  danger,  those 
Boates  being  nothing  else  but  trees  hollowed.       From 
^         thence  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  following  on  his  course, 
j^pod    found  a  certaine  Port  very  delightfull,  which   had  not 
pgri'  beene  seene  by  Monsieur  de  Monts:    And  during  the 

Voyage  they  saw  store  of  smoke,  and  people  on  the  shoare, 
which  invited  us  to  come  aland:    And  seeing  that  no 
account  was  made  of  it,  they  followed  the  Barke  alon^  the 
ThiagiUAeof  sand,  yea  most  often  they  did  outgoe  her,  so  switt  are 
thi  ArnrncH'  ^h^y^  having  their  Bowes  in  hand,  and  their  Quivers  upon 
^*^'''  their  backes,  alwaies  singing  and  dancing,  not  taking  care 

with  what  thev  should  hve  by  the  way. 
riv  viii  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  having  landed  in  this  Port, 

^1634.]  behold  among  a  multitude  of  Savages  a  good  niunber  of 
Fifes.  Fifes,  which  did  play  with  certaine  long  Pipes,  made  as 

366 


•^ere  with  Canes  of 
-l^ch  an  harmonic 
'^hew  the  exc 
V)ses  in  & 
XpeopT 
•   ^sa  ' 


MONTS 


^ 


the  said  Olmechin  a 

clothed,  hee  viewed 

to  see  himselfe  in 

^  .Mng  that  the  same 

$  V  -,  when  hee  was 

•"  * '  t  to  sundry  of 

-   not  be  over- 

*  .of  the   said 

M     in  doubt 

.     ,    make 


an 
1  y   it  there 


J 


and  to 
hin 


.o   reiA. 
nis  Chirurgic 
.art  that  which  was  o. 
permit  it,  untill  they  had  tu. 
.id  mops  about  the  wounded  man.  ^  ; 

him  downe  on  the  ground,  one  of  them  i.  t 

on  his  lappe,  and  made  many  bawlings  ai. 
whereunto    the    wounded    man    answered    but 
Ho,    with    a    complayning   voice,    which    having 
they  yeelded  him  to  the  cure  of  the  said  Chirurgio^ 
and  went  their  way,  and  the  Patient  also  after  hee  \^ 
beene  dressed :  but  two  houres  after  he  came  againe,  tht 
most  jocund  in  the  world,  having  put  about  his  head,  tht 
binding  cloth,  wherewith  his  heele  was  wrapped,  for  to 
seeme  the  more  gallant. 

The  day  following,  our  people  entred  farther  into  the 
Port,  where  being  gone  to  see  the  Cabins  of  the  Savages, 
an  old  woman  of  an  hundred  or  sixscore  yeeres  of  age, 
came  to  cast  at  the  fecte  of  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  a 
loafe  of  bread,  made  with  the  Wheat  called  Mahis,  then 
very  faire  Hempe  of  a  long  growth ;  Item,  Beanes,  and 
Grapes  newly  gathered,  because  they  had  seene  Frenchmen 
eate  of  them  at  Chavakoet.  Which  the  other  Savages 
seeing,  that  knew  it  not,  they  brought  more  of  them  than 
one  would,  emulating  one  another;  and  for  recompence 
of  this  their  kindnesse,  there  was  set  on  their  foreheads  a 
Fillet  or  Band,  of  paper,  wet  with  spittle,  of  which  they 
were  very  proud.  It  was  shewed  them,  in  pressing  the 
Grape  into  a  Glasse,  that  of  that  we  did  make  the  Wine 
which  wee  did  drinke.  Wee  would  have  made  them  to 
eate  of  the  Grape,  but  having  taken  it  into  their  mouthes, 

267 


A.D. 

1606. 


Thetnubkof 
garmiuts. 


Come  s&wedy 
and  Vims 
planud. 


100.  Boats  of 
lavages. 


'tre. 


tooman, 
Hempe  ver% 
faire.       ^ 
Beanes, 
Quantitie  of 
Grapes. 
The  simplicity 
and  ignorance 
ofpeopk. 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

The  Savages    requited  his  present:    For  the  Savages  have  that  noble 

be  TtberaU.      qualitie,  that  they  give  liberally,  casting  at  the  feet  of  him 

whom  they  will  honoxir,  the  Present  that  thev  give  him : 

But  it  is  in  hope  to  receive  some  reciprocall  kindnesse, 

which  is  a  kindc  of  contract,  which  wee  call,  without  name, 

I  give  thee,  to  the  end  thou  shouldest  give  mee.     And 

that  is  done  thorow  all  the  world.     Therefore  Messamoet 

from  that  day  had  in  minde  to  make  warre  to  Olmechin. 

Notwithstanding,  the  next  day  in  the  morning  he  and 

his  people  did  returne  with  a  Boate  laden  with  tnat  which 

A  Com-         they  had,  to  wit,  Corne,  Tabacco,  Beanes  and  Pumpions, 

counrrie,         which  they  distributed  here  and  there.     Those  two  Cap- 

P^^ions  and  ^^^^^^  Olmechin  and  Marchin  have  since  beene  killed  in 

Grapes.  '       the  warres.     In  whose  stead  was  chosen  by  the  Savages, 

Bessabes.        one  named  Bessabes,  which  since  our  returne  hath  beene 

Englishmen,     killed  by  Englishmen:    and  in  stead  of  him  they  have 

made  a  Captame  to  come  from  within  the  Lands,  named 

Astkou.         Asticou,  a  grave  man,  valiant  and  redoubted,  which,  in 

the   twinkling  of  an   eye,   will  gather  up  a   thousand 

Savages  together,  which  thing  Olmechin  and  Marchin 

might  also  doe.     For  our  Barkes  being  there,  presently 

the  Sea  was  seene  all  covered  over  with  Sieir  Boates,  laden 

with  nimble  and  lusty  men,  holding  themselves  up  straight 

in  them:    which  wee  cannot  doe  without  danger,  those 

Canoas.  Boates  being  nothing  else  but  trees  hollowed.      From 

thence  Monsieur  de  Foutrincourt  following  on  his  course, 

Averjipod    found  a  certaine  Port  very  delightfull,  which  had  not 

^^^'  beene  seene  by  Monsieur  de  Monts:    And  during  the 

Voyage  they  saw  store  of  smoke,  and  people  on  the  shoare, 

which  invited  us  to  come  aland:    And  seeing  that  no 

account  was  made  of  it,  they  followed  the  Barke  along  the 

TheagiJsHeo/  sand,  yea  most  often  they  did  outgoe  her,  so  swift  are 

she  Armouchi'  thtjy  having  their  Bowes  in  hand,  and  their  Quivers  upon 

^^"'  their  backes,  alwaies  singing  and  dancing,  not  taking  care 

with  what  they  should  hve  by  the  way. 
riv.  viii.  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  having  landed  in  this  Port, 

1634.]  behold  among  a  multitude  of  Savages  a  good  number  of 
Fifes.  Fifes,  which  did  play  with  certaine  long  Pipes,  made  as 

366 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 

it  were  with  Canes  of  Reedes,  painted  over,  but  not 

with  such  an  harmonie  as  our  Shepheards  might  doe: 

And  to  shew  the  excellency  of  their  arte,  they  whisled 

with  their  noses  in  gambolling,  according  to  their  fashion. 

And  as  this  people  did  runne  headlong,  to  come  to  the 
Barke,  there  was  a  Savage  which  hurt  himselfe  grievously  a  Sat^ag^ 
in  the  heele  against  the  edge  of  a  Rocke,  whereby  hee  wounded. 
was  enforced  to  remayne  in  the  place.     Monsieur  de 
Poutricourt  his  Chirurgion,  at  that  instant  would  apply 
to  this  hurt  that  which  was  of  his  Arte,  but  they  would 
not  permit  it,  untill  they  had  first  made  their  mouthes  Tkitrnumthes 
and  mops  about  the  wounded  man.     They  then  layed  andmofi 
him  downe  on  the  ground,  one  of  them  holding  his  head  ^^^  ^^ 
on  his  lappe,  and  made  many  bawlings  and  singings, 
whereunto    the    wounded    man    answered    but    with    a 
Ho,    with   a    complayning   voice,    which    having    done 
they  yeelded  him  to  the  cure  of  the  said  Chirurgion, 
and  went  their  way,  and  the  Patient  also  after  hee  had 
beene  dressed :  but  two  houres  after  he  came  againe,  the 
most  jocund  in  the  world,  having  put  about  his  head,  the 
binding  cloth,  wherewith  his  heele  was  wrapped,  for  to 
seeme  the  more  gallant. 

The  day  following,  our  people  entred  farther  into  the 
Port,  where  being  gone  to  see  the  Cabins  of  the  Savages, 
an  old  woman  of  an  hundred  or  sixscore  yeeres  of  age, 
came  to  cast  at  the  feete  of  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  a  The  Presents 
loafe  of  bread,  made  with  the  Wheat  called  Mahis,  then  ^f^  ^^^& 
very  faire  Hempe  of  a  long  growth ;   Item,  Beanes,  and  S?^"^' 
Grapes  newly  gathered,  because  they  had  seene  Frenchmen  f^^j^  ^  ^ 
eate  of  them  at  Chavakoet.     Which  the  other  Savages  Beanes. 
seeing,  that  knew  it  not,  they  brought  more  of  them  than  Quantitie  of 
out  would,  emulating  one  another ;   and  for  recompence  ^f^^,'  ^ 
of  this  their  kindnesse,  there  was  set  on  their  foreheads  a  andl^an^ 
Fillet  or  Band,  of  paper,  wet  with  spittle,  of  which  they  ofpeopk. 
were  very  proud.     It  was  shewed  them,  in  pressing  the 
Grape  into  a  Glasse,  that  of  that  we  did  make  the  Wine 
which  wee  did  drinke.     Wee  would  have  made  them  to 
eate  of  the  Grape,  but  having  taken  it  into  their  mouthes, 

267 


A-D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

they  spitted  it  out,  so  ignorant  is  this  people  of  the  best 

thing  that  God  hath  given  to  Man,  next  to  Bread.    Yet 

notwithstanding  they  have  no  want  of  wit,  and  might  be 

brought  to  doe  some  good  things,  if  they  were  civilized, 

The  bad         and  had  the  use  of  Ha,ndy-crafts.     But  they  are  subtile, 

^Armouch''^    theevish,  traiterous,  and  though  they  bee  naked,  yet  one 

quois.    Note    Cannot  take  heed  of  their  fingers ;  for  if  one  turne  never 

koto  the  Ar-    SO  little  his  eyes  aside,  and  that  they  spie  the  opportunitie 

mouchiquois      to  steale  any  Knife,  Hatchet,  or  any  thing  else,  they  will 

^thaU.  "^^^^  ^^^  ^^^^^  ^^^  ^^^^  ^^  ^^  *  ^^^  ^^^'  P^^  ^^  *^^^  betwcene 

This  the  onis  ^^^^^  buttockes,  or  will  hide  it  within  the  sand  with  their 

toaytociviHze  foot  SO  cunningly,  that  one  shall  not  perceive  it.     Indeed 

Savages.  I  doe  not  wonocr  if  a  people  poore  and  naked  be  theevish; 

^^Ti  ^^^  ^^^  when  the  heart  is  malicious,  it  is  unexcusable.    This 

^hem  n^ trust  P^^P^^  ^^  such,  that  they  must  bee  handled  with  terrour: 

them  and  they  fo^  if  through  love  and  gentlenesse  one  give  them  too  free 

will  cut  your  accesse,  they  will  practise  some  surprize,  as  it  hath  bcene 

/i/TOtfr,  as  in  knowne  in  divers  occasions  heretofore,  and  will  yet  herc- 

f !  IrS"^^"^  after  be  seene.     And  without  deferring  any  longer,  the 
massacre  ,     ,  -  .  t  •  1      ®        ^1         ° 

appeareth.  Second  day  after  our  commmg  thither,  as  they  saw  our 
people  busie  awashing  Linnen,  they  came  some  fifty,  one 
following  another,  with  Bowes,  Arrowes  and  Quivers, 
intending  to  play  some  bad  part,  as  it  was  conjectured 
upon  their  manner  of  proceeding;  but  they  were  pre- 
vented, some  of  our  men  going  to  meet  them,  with  their 
Muskets  and  Matches  at  the  cocke,  which  made  some 
of  them  runne  away,  and  the  others  being  compassed  in, 
having  put  downe  their  weapons,  came  to  a  Peninsule, 
or  small  head  of  an  Hand,  where  our  men  were,  and 
making  a  friendly  shew,  demanded  to  trucke  the  Tabacco 
they  had  for  our  merchandises. 

The  next  day  the  Captaine  of  the  said  place  and  Port, 
came  into  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourts  Barke  to  see  him : 
Suspicion  Jor    wee  did  marvell  to  see  him  accompanied  with  Olmechin, 
thecommingof  seeing  the  way  was  marvellous  long  to  come  thither  by 
Olmechin.       Land,  and  much  shorter  by  Sea.     That  gave  cause  of  bad 
suspicion,  albeit  hee  had  promised  his  love  to  the  French- 
men.    Notwithstanding  they  were  gently  received.     And 

268 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

i6o6. 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  gave  to  the  said  Olmechin  a 
complete  garment^  wherewith  being  clothed,  hee  viewed 
himselfe  in  a  Glasse,  and  did  laugh  to  see  himselfe  in 
that  order.     But  a  little  while  after,  feeling  that  the  same 
hindred  him,  although  it  was  in  October,  when  hee  was  Tke  trouble  of 
returned  unto  his  Cabins,  he  distributed  it  to  sundry  of  g^rminu. 
his  men,  to  the  end  that  one  alone  should  not  be  over- 
pestered  with  it.     Now   during  the   time  of  the   said 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  was  there,  being  in  doubt 
whether  Monsieur  de  Monts  would  come  to  make  an 
habitation  on  that  Coast,  as  hee  wished  it,  hee  made  there 
a  piece  of  ground  to  be  tilled,  for  to  sowe  Corne  and  to  come  sowedy 
plant  Vines.  and  Vims 

As  they  were  a  deliberating  to  passe  farther,  Olmechin  p^^^^- 
ame  to  the  Barke  to  see  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  where 
having  tarried  certaine  houres,  either  in  talking  or  eating, 
hee  said,  that  the  next  day  an  hundred  Boates  should  come,   loo.  Boau  of 
contayning  every  one  sixe  men :   but  the  comming  of  Savages, 
such  a  number  of  men,  being  but  troublesome.  Monsieur 
de  Poutrincourt  woxild  not  tarrie  for  them ;  but  went  away 
the  same  day  to  Malebarre,  not  without  much  difficultie,  Makbarre. 
by  reason  or  the  great  streames  and  shoalds  that  are  there.  Z*^"/  of 
So  that  the  Barke  having  touched  at  three  foot  of  water  '^^• 
onely,  we  thought  to  be  cast  away,  and  wee  beganne  to 
unlade  her,  and  put  victuals  into  the  Shalop,  which  was 
behind,  for  to  save  us  on  Land :  but  being  no  full  Sea, 
the  Barke  came  aflote  within  an  houre.     All  this  Sea  is 
a  Land  overflowed,  as  that  of  Mount  Saint  Michaels,  a 
sandy  ground,  in  which,  all  that  resteth  is  a  plaine  flat  [IV.  viii. 
Countrey  as  farre  as  the  Mountaines,  which  are  seene  '^350 

fifteene  leagues  off  from  that  place.     And  I  am  of  opinion,  Ji^ou. 
that  as  farre  as  Virginia,  it  is  aU  alike.     Moreover,  there 
is  here  great  quantity  of  Grapes,  as  before,  and  a  Country  Gnat  aMtt'- 
very  fufl  of  people.     Monsieur  de  Monts  being  come  to  f«>>  of 
MaJebarre  in  an  other  season  of  the  yeare,  gathered  onely  ^''^/''* 
greene  Grapes;    which  he  made  to  be  preserved,  and 
brought  some  to  the  King.     But  it  was  our  good  hap 
to  come  thither  in  October,  for  to  see  the  maturity  thereof. 

269 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

HtrinfoH        I  have  here  before  shewed  the  difficulty  that  is  found  in 

chap,  7.  entering  into  Malebarre.     This  is  the  cause  why  Monsieur 

de  Poutrincourt  came  not  in  with  his  Barke,  but  went 

thither  with  a  Shallop  onely,  which  thirty  or  forty  Savages 

did  helpe  to  draw  in :  and  when  it  was  full  tide  (but  the 

Twofaihames  tide  doth  not  mount  here  but  two  fethams  high,  which  is 

Hdi  mely.       seldome  seene)  he  went  out,  and  retired  himselfe  into  his 

said  Barke,  to  passe  further  in  the  morning,  as  soone  as 

he  should  ordaine  it. 

THe  night  beginning  to  give  place  to  the  dawning  of 
the  day,  the  sailes  are  hois«l  up,  but  it  was  but  a 
Danger,  very  perilous  navigation.      For  with  this  small  Vessell 

they  were  forced  to  coast  the  land,  where  they  found  no 
depth :  going  backe  to  Sea  it  was  yet  worse ;  in  such  wise 
that  they  did  strike  twice  or  thrice,  being  raised  up  againe 
onely  by  the  waves,  and  the  rudder  was  broken,  which 
was  a  dreadfiill  thing.  In  this  extremity  they  were  con- 
strained to  cast  anker  in  the  Sea,  at  two  fathams  deepe, 
and  three  leagues  off  from  the  land.  Which  being  done, 
Daniel  Hay  (a  man  which  taketh  pleasure  in  shewing 
forth  his  vertue  in  the  perils  of  the  Sea)  was  sent  towards 
the  Coast  to  view  it,  and  see  if  there  were  any  Port.  And 
as  he  was  neere  land  he  saw  a  Savage,  which  did  dance, 
singing,  yo,  yo,  yo,  he  called  to  him  to  come  neerer,  and 
by  signes  asked  him  if  there  were  any  place  to  retire  Ships 
in,  and  where  any  fresh  water  was.  The  Savage  having 
made  signe  there  was,  hee  tooke  him  into  his  Shallop,  and 
brought  him  to  the  Barke,  wherein  was  Chkoudun 
Oigpudi,or  S.  Captaine  of  the  River  of  Oigoudi,  otherwise  Saint  Johns 
^S^a  f!7f'  ^^^^^  •  ^^^  being  brought  before  this  Savage,  he  under- 
sunJn '  stood  him  no  more  than  did  our  owne  people :   true  it 

NaiwHstmder-  is,  that  by  signes  he  comprehended  better  then  they  what 
stand  net  orn  he  would  say.  This  Savage  shewed  the  places  where  no 
another.  depth  was,  and  where  was  any,  and  did  so  well  indenting 

and  winding  here  and  there,  alway  the  led  in  hand,  that 
in  the  end  they  came  to  the  Port  shewed  by  him,  where 
small  depth  is ;  wherein  the  Barke  being  arrived,  diligence 

370 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 

was  used  to  make  a  forge  for  to  mend  her  with  her  rudder,  A  first  and 

and  an  Oven  to  bake  Bread,  because  there  was  no  more  ^  ^^  ^'^^^ 

Bisket  left. 

Fifteene  dayes  were  imployed  in  this  worke,  during  the 
which  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  according  to  the  laudable 
custome  of  Christians,  made  a  Crosse  to  be  Iframed  and  Acmsesetup. 
set  up  upon  a  greene  Banke,  as  Monsieur  de  Monts  had 
done  two  yeeres  before  at  Kinibeki  and  Malebarre.    Now 
among   these    painefuU    exercises    they   gave    not   over 
making  good  cheere,  with  that  which  both  the  Sea  and 
Land  might  furnish  in  that  part.     For  in  this  Port  is 
plenty  of  Fowle,  in  taking  or  which  many  of  our  men 
applied  themselves :  speciaUy  the  Sea  Larkes  are  there  in  Abundance  of 
so  great  flights  that  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  killed  eight  Larkes  W 
and  twenty  of  them  with  one  Caliver  shot.     As  for  fishes,  fi^^^'- 
there  be  such  abundance  of  Porpeses,  and  another  kinde  of 
fish,  called  by  Frenchmen  Soufleurs,  that  is  to  say,  Blowers, 
that  the  Sea  seemes  to  be  all  covered  over  with  them.    But 
they  had  not  the  things  necessary  for  this  kinde  of  fishing, 
they   contented   themselves   then   with    shel-fish,   as   of  Shellfish, 
Oysters,  Skalops,  Periwincles,  whereof  there  was  enough. 
The  Savages  of  the  other  side  did  bring  fish,  and  Grapes  Grapes. 
within  baskets  made  of  rushes,  for  exchange  with  some  of  Rush-baskets. 
our  wares. 

After  certaine  dayes,  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrin- 
court,   seeing   there   great   assembly   of   Savages,   came 
ashoare,  and  to  give  them  some  terrour,  made  to  march  Thetriallof 
before  him  one  of  his  men,  flourishing  with  two  naked  ^^^^k 
swords.      Whereat  they  much  wondred,  but  yet  much  "^^^^^-^^ 
more  when  they  saw  that  our  Muskets  did  pierce  thicke        ^^^S^'- 
peeces  of  wood,  where  their  Arrowes  could  not  so  much 
as  scratch.     And  therefore  they  never  assailed  our  men, 
as  long  as  they  kept  watch.     And  it  had  beene  good  to 
sound  the  Trumpet  at  every  houres  end,  as  Captaine  James 
Quartier  did.     For  (as  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  doth 
often  say)  One  must  never  lay  bait  for  theeves ;  meaning,  9^ 
that  one  must  never  give  cause  to  any  enemy  to  thinke  *^'^^^^*^' 
that  he  may  sxirprise  you:  But  one  must  alwayes  shew 

271 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

that  he  is  mistrusted^  and  that  you  are  not  zdecpty  chiefdy 
when  one  hath  to  doe  with  Savages,  which  will  never  set 
upon  him  that  resolutely  expects  them ;  for  soonc  after 
they  killed  fourc  of  our  men  which  were  carelesse.  They 
Port  Fortune,  named  this  Port,  Port  Fortune. 

ResolM^onfir       Counsell  being  taken,  it  was  resolved  to  retume  into 

the  ntume.     Port  Royall :  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  besides  all  this, 

being  yet  in  care  for  them  whom  he  had  left  there,  so  they 

came  againe  for  the  third  time  into  Port  Fortune,  where 

no  Savage  was  seene.     Upon  the  first  windc,  the  said 

Thiir  retume.  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  weighed  anker  for  the  returne, 

Perill.  and  being  mindfuU  of  the  dangers  passed  he  sailed  in 

open  Sea :  which  shortned  his  course,  but  not  without  a 

great  mischiefe  of  the  rudder,  which  was  againe  broken; 

m  such  sort,  that  being  at  the  mercy  of  the  waves,  they 

arrived  in  the  end,  as  well  as  they  could  amongst  the 

The  arrtvaU    Hands  of  Norombega,  where  they  mended  it.     Monsieur 

o/MoHsieun/e  ^g  Poutrincourt  arrived  in  Port  Royall  the  foureteenth  day 

outrsncourt.    ^£  November,  where  we  received  him  joyfully. 

[IV.  viii.  The  publike  rejoycing  being  finished.  Monsieur  de 

1636.]  Poutrincourt  had  a  care  to  see  his  corne,  the  greatest  part 

whereof  he  had  sowed  two  leagues  off  fi-om  oxir  Port, 

by  the  River  L'Esquelle ;   and  the  other  part  about  our 

The  state  of    said  Port :  and  found  that  which  was  first  sowen  very 

Come.  forward,  but  not  the  last,  that  had  beene  sowed  the  sixth 

and  tenth  dayes  of  November,  which  notwithstanding  did 

grow  under  the  Snow,  during  Winter,  as  I  have  noted  it  in 

mv  sowings.     It  would  be  a  tedious  thing  to  particularise 

How  they       ^11  that  was  done  amongst  us  during  Wmter :  as  to  tcU 

u^ur.  ^^^  ^^^  ^^^  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  caused  many 

Coa/es.  times  coales  to  be  made,  the  forge^roale  being  spent: 

That  he  caused  waies  to  be  made  thorow  the  woods :  That 

The  use  of  the  he  went  thorow  the  Forrests  by  the  guide  of  the  Compasse, 

C>«/iw//  in    and  other  things  of  such  nature.     But  I  will  relate  d»t, 

voyages,    £^^  ^^  keepe  us  merry  and  denly  concerning  victiials,  there 

TheinstituHon  was  an  order  established  at  the  Table  of  the  said  Monsieur 

oftheOrJerof  jg  Poutrincourt,  which  was  named  L*ordre  de  bon  temps, 

*«/'•       ^e  order  of  good  time  (or  the  order  of  mirth)  at  first 

378 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  ad. 

1606. 
invented  by  Monsieur  Champlein,  wherein  they  (who 
were  of  the  same  table)  were  every  one  at  his  turne  and 
day  (which  was  in  fifteene  dayes  once)  Steward  and  Cater. 
Now  his  care  was  that  we  shoiild  have  good  and  worship* 
full  fare,  which  was  so  well  observed,  that  (although  the 
Belly-gods  of  these  parts  doe  often  reproach  unto  us  that 
we  had  not  La  Rue  aux  Ours  of  Paris  with  us)  we  have  La  Rue  aux 
ordinarily  had  there,  as  good  cheere  as  we  could  have  at  OursorBeare 
La  Rue  aux  Ours,  and  at  farre  lesser  charges.     For  there  '^[[^^  ^ 
was  none,  but  (two  dayes  before  his  turne  came)  was  ,^^'  ^  cooke 
carefull  to  goe  ahunting  or  fishing,  and  brought  some  place  in 
daintie  thing,  besides  that  which  was  of  our  ordinary  ^^^. 
allowance.     So  well,  that  at  break£i8t  we  never  wanted 
some  modicom  or  other,  of  fish  or  flesh :  and  at  the  repast 
of  dinners  or  suppers,  yet  lesse;    for  it  was  the  great 
banquet,  where  the  Governour  of  the  feast,  or  Steward 
(whom  the  Savages  doe  call  Atoctegi)  having  made  the 
Cooke  to  make  all  things  ready,  did  march  with  his 
Napkin  on  his  shoulder,  and  his  stafFe  of  office  in  his 
hand,  with  the  colour  oi  the  order  about  his  necke,  which 
was  worth  above  foxure  crownes,  and  all  of  them  of  the 
order  fdilowing  him,  bearing  every  one  a  dish.     The  like 
also  was  at  the  bringing  in  of  the  Fruit,  but  not  with  so 
great  a  traine.     And  at  night  after  grace  was  said,  he 
resigned  the  Collar  of  the  Order,  with  a  cup  of  wine,  to 
his  successour  in  that  charge,  and  they  dranke  one  to 
another.     I  have  h^etofore  said  that  we  had  abimdance 
of  Fowle,  as  Mallards,  Outards,  Geese  ^y  and  white, 
Partridges  and  other  Birds:    Item,  of  Elans,  or  Stag- 
flesh,    of   Caribous   or   Deere,   Severs,    Otters,   Beares, 
Rabbets,  Wilde-cats  or  Leopards,  Nibaches,  and  such  like, 
which  the  Savages  did  take,  wherewith  we  made  as  good 
dislies  of  meate,  as  in  the  Cookes  shops  that  be  in  La  rue 
aux  Ours,  Beare  streete,  and  greater  store;    for  of  all 
meates  none  is  so  tender  as  Ellans  flesh  (whereof  we  made 
good  pasties)  nor  so  delicate  as  the  Beavers-taile.     Yea,  c^^'.^ 
we  have  had  sometimes  halfe  a  dosen  Stiirgions  at  one  Befir^ln 
clap,  which  the  Savages  did  bring  to  us,  part  whereof  we  chap.  113. 
xviii  273  s 


A.D. 

i6o6. 


The  usage  of 
the  Savages, 


The  Savages 
have  care  of 
the  French" 


Preservative 

against 

Scurvy. 

Bad  mnJe, 


The  state  of 
Winter 
weather, 
Why  Raines 
and  Mists  be 
scarce  in 
winter. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

did  take,  paying  for  it,  and  the  rest  was  permitted  them 
to  sell  publikely,  and  to  trucke  it  for  Bread,  whereof  our 
people  had  abundantly.  And  as  for  the  ordinary  meate 
brought  out  of  France,  that  was  distributed  eaually,  as 
much  to  the  least  as  to  the  biggest.  And  the  like  with 
Wine,  as  we  have  said.  In  such  actions  we  had  alwaycs 
twenty  or  thirty  Savages,  men,  women,  girls  and  Boies, 
who  beheld  us  doing  our  offices.  Bread  was  given  them 
gratis,  as  we  doe  here  to  the  poore.  But  as  for  the 
oagamos  Membertou,  and  other  Sagamos  (when  they 
came  to  us)  they  sat  at  table  eating  and  drinking  as  we 
did :  and  wee  tooke  pleasure  in  seemg  them,  as  contrari- 
wise their  absence  was  irkesome  unto  us ;  as  it  came  to 
passe  three  or  foure  times  that  all  went  away  to  the  places 
where  they  knew  that  game  and  Venison  was,  and  brought 
one  of  our  men  with  them,  who  lived  some  six  wcekes 
as  they  did  without  Salt,  without  Bread  and  without  Wine, 
lying  on  the  ground  upon  skins,  and  that  in  snowie 
weather.  Moreover  they  had  greater  care  of  him  (as 
also  of  others  that  have  often  gone  with  them)  than  of 
themselves,  saying,  that  if  they  shoiild  chance  to  dye,  it 
would  be  laid  to  tneir  charges  to  have  killed  them. 

Such  government  as  we  have  spoken  of,  did  serve  us 
for  preservatives  a^inst  the  Coimtry  disease.  And  yet 
foiure  of  ours  died  m  Februarv  and  March,  of  them  who 
were  of  a  fretfuU  condition  sluggish.  And  I  remember 
I  observed  that  all  had  their  lodgings  on  the  West  side, 
and  looking  towards  the  wide  upen  Fort,  which  is  almost 
foiure  leagues  long,  shaped  ovale-wise,  besides  they  had 
all  of  them  ill  bedding. 

We  had  feire  weather  almost  during  all  the  Winter :  for 
neither  raines  nor  fogges  are  so  frequent  there  as  here, 
whether  it  be  at  Sea  or  on  the  land :  The  reason  is,  because 
the  Sun-beames,  by  the  long  distance,  have  not  the  force  to 
raise  up  vapoiurs  from  the  ground  here,  chiefely  in  a 
Countrey  all  wooddy.  But  in  Summer  it  doth,  both  from 
the  Sea  and  the  Land,  when  as  their  force  is  augmented, 
and  those  vapors  are  dissolved  suddenly  or  slowly,  accord- 

274 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1606. 
ing  as  one  approacheth  to  the  Equitioctiall  line.     Raines 
being  in  those  parts  rare,  in  that  season,  the  Sunne  likewise 
shineth  there  very  faire,  after  the  fall  of  Snowes,  which 
we  have  had  seven  or  eight  times,  but  it  is  easilv  melted 
in  open  places,  and  the  longest  abiding  have  beene  in 
February.     Howsoever  it  be,  the  Snow  is  very  profitable  Snow  is 
for  the  fruits  of  the  earth,  to  preserve  them  against  the  frofitable. 
frost,  and  to  serve  them  as  a  fur-gowne. 

And  as  the  skie  is  seldome  covered  with  clouds  towards 
New-found-lands  in  Winter  time,  so  are  there  morning 
frosts,  which  doe  increase  in  the  end  of  January,  February,  ^'^^ 
and  in  the  beginning  of  March,  for  untill  the  very  time  [iv.  viii. 
of  January,  we  kept  us  still  in  our  doublets:   And  I  1637.] 

remember  that  on  a  Sunday,  the  foureteenth  day  of  that  '^^  '^^  9f 
moncth,  in  the  afternoone,  wee  sported  our  selves  singing  ''^•^O'- 
in  Musicke  upon  the  River  L*Esquelle,  and  in  the  same 
moneth  wee  went  to  see  Corne  two  leagues  oifF  from  our 
Fort,  and  did  dine  merrilv  in  the  Sun-shine:   I  would 
not  for  all  that  say  that  all  other  yeares  were  like  unto 
this.    For  as  that  winter  was  as  milde  in  these  parts,  these  Confimip  of 
last  Winters  of  the  yeares  1607.  1608.  have  beene  the  watkirin 
hardest  that  ever  was  seene ;   it  hath  also  beene  alike  in  ^^^^^^'^ 
those  Countries,  in  such  sort,  that  many  Savages  died  The  great 
through  the  rigour  of  the  weather,  as  in  these  our  parts  Fmt  1607. 
many  poore   people  and   travellers   have   beene   killed 
through  the  same  hardnesse  of  Winter  weather.     But  I 
will  say,  that  the  yeare  before  we  were  in  New  France,  the 
Winter  had  not  beene  so  hard,  as  they  which  dwelt  there 
before  us  have  testified  imto  me.     Let  this  suffice  for 
that  which  concerneth  the  winter  season.     But  I  am  not 
yet  fuUv  satisfied  in  searching  the  cause,  why  in  one  and 
the  selfesame  parallell  the  season  is  in  those  parts  of  New  wiurefire  is 
France  more  slow  by  a  moneth  than  in  these  parts,  and  the  season  late, 
the  leaves  appeare  not  upon  the  trees  but  towards  the 
end  of  the  moneth  of  May:  unlesse  wee  say  that  the 
thicknesse  of  the  wood  and  greatnesse  of  Forrests  doe 
hinder  the  Sunne  from  warming  of  the  ground:   Item, 
that  the  Country  where  we  were  is  joyning  to  the  Sea, 

27s 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

and  thereby  more  subject  to  cold.  And  besides  that,  this 
land  having  never  beene  tilled  is  the  more  dampish,  the 
trees  and  plants  not  being  able  easily  to  draw  sap  from 
their  mother  the  earth.  In  recompence  whereof  the 
Winter  there  is  also  more  slow,  as  we  have  heretofore 
spoken. 

The  cold  being  passed^  about  the  end  of  March  the 
best  disposed  amongst  us  strived  who  should  best  till 
Dressing  of     the  ground,  and  mdce  Gardens,  to  sowe  in  them,  and 
Gardens.         gather  fruits  thereof.     Which  was  to  very  good  purpose, 
for  wee  found  great  discommodity  in  the  Wmter  tor  want 
Goodmp       of  Garden  hearbes.     When  every  one  had  done  his  sow- 
Jhmtie         j^g^  j^  ^^g  ^  marveilous  pleasure  in  seeing  them  daily 
^^'^^  '  grow  and  spring  up,  and  yet  greater  contentment  to  use 

thereof  so  abundantly  as  wee  did :  so  that  this  beginning 
of  good   hope   made   us   almost   to   forget  our  native 
Abundance  of  Countrie,  and  especially  when  the  fish  b^;an  to  haunt 
fi^^^'  fresh**water,  and  came  abundantly  into  our  brookes,  in 

such  innumerable  quantity  that  we  knew  not  what  to  doe 
with  it. 
Thi  can  of         Whilest  some  laboured  on  the  ground.  Monsieur  dc 
Moii^wrdi    Poutrincourt  made  some  buildings  to  be  prepared,  fof 
inprmding     ^  lodge  them  which  he  hoped  should  suoceede  us.    And 
for  them  tka    considering   how   troublesome   the   Hand-mill   was,  he 
should  come      caused  a  Water-mill  to  be  made,  which  caused  the  Savages 
^rUf^^LR       ^^  admire  much  at  it.    For  indeede  it  is  an  invention  whkh 
ofawTier-M.  ^^^^^  °^^  '^^^^  ^^  spuHit  of  men  from  the  first  ages.     After 
that,  our  workmen  had  much  rest,  for  the  most  part  of 
them  did  almost  nothing.     But  I  may  say  that  this  Mill, 
by  the  diligence  of  our  Millers,  did  furnish  us  with  three 
Jbundance  of  times  more  Herrings  then  was  needefull  unto  us  for  our 
Herrings.        sustenance.     Monsieur  dc  Poutrincourt  made  two  Hogs- 
heads full  of  them  to  be  salted,  and  one  hogshead  of 
Pikkers.         Sardines,  or  Pilchers  to  bring  into  France  for  a  shew, 
which  were  left  in  our  returne  at  Saint  Maloes,  to  some 
Merchants. 

Among  all  these  things  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrin- 
court did  not  neglect  to  thinke  on  his  retume.     Which 

276 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

was  the  part  of  a  wise  man,  for  one  must  never  put  so 
much  trust  in  mens  promises,  but  one  must  consider  that 
vtrj  often  many  disasters  doe  happen  to  them  in  a  small 
moment  of  time.  And  therefore,  even  in  the  Moneth 
of  April!,  he  made  two  Barkes  to  be  prepared,  a  great  one 
and  a  small  one,  to  come  to  seeke  out  French-ships  towards 
Campseau>  or  New-foimd-land,  if  it  should  happen  that 
no  supply  should  come  unto  us.  But  the  Carpentry-worke 
being  finished,  one  onely  inconvenience  might  hinder  us, 
that  is,  we  had  no  Pitch  to  calke  our  Vessels.  This 
(which  was  the  chiefest  thinc')  was  forgotten  at  our 
departure  from  Rochel.  In  this  important  necessitie,  the 
said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  advised  himselfe  to  ^ther 
In  the  woods  quantity  of  the  gumme  issuing  from  Firre- 
trees.  Which  he  did  with  much  labour,  going  thither 
himselfe,  most  often  with  a  Boy  or  two :  so  that  in  the  end 
hee  got  some  hundred  pounds  weight  of  it.  Now  after 
these  labours,  it  was  not  yet  all,  for  it  was  needefuU  to 
melt  and  purifie  the  same,  which  was  a  necessary  point 
and  unknowne  to  our  ship-Master  Monsieur  de  Champ- 
dore,  and  to  his  Manriners,  for  as  much  as  that  the  Pitch 
we  have,  conuneth  from  Norw^e,  Suedland,  and  Danzick. 
Nevcrthelesse  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  foimd 
the  meanes  to  draw  out  the  quintessence  of  these  Giunmes 
and  Firre*tree  barkes :  and  caused  quantity  of  Brickes  to 
be  made,  with  the  which  he  made  an  open  furnace, 
wherein  he  put  a  limbecke  made  with  many  kettles,  joyned 
one  in  the  other,  which  hee  filled  with  those  gummes  and 
barkes:  Then  being  well  covered,  fire  was  put  round 
about  it,  by  whose  violence  the  gumme  enclosed  within 
the  lembecke  melted,  and  dropped  downe  into  a  bason ; 
but  it  was  needefuU  to  be  very  watchfull  at  it,  by  reason 
that  if  the  fire  had  taken  hold  of  the  Gumme,  all  had  beene 
lost.  That  was  admirable,  especially  in  a  man  that  never 
saw  any  made.  Whereof  the  Savages  being  astonied, 
did  say  in  words  borrowed  from  the  Basques,  Endia  cbave 
Normandia,  that  is  to  say,  that  the  Normans  know  many 
things.     Now  they  call  all  Frenchmen  Normands,  except 

277 


A.D. 
1606. 


Freparatum 
fir  the  return. 


Great 


Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt 
his  invention. 


Bricke  made 
in  New 
France, 


fFhythe 
SavagescaUall 
French  men 
Normands, 


A.D. 

1606. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

the  Basques,  because  the  most  part  of  fishermen  that  goc 
afishing  there,  be  of  that  Nation.  This  remedie  came 
very  fitly  unto  us,  for  those  which  came  to  seeke  us  were 
fallen  into  the  same  want  that  we  were. 


[IV.  viii. 

1638.1 
Netoes  out  of 
Franciy  and 
their  retume. 


ThecoHtintsof 
the  Letters 
written  to 
Monsieur  de 
Poutrittcourt : 
The  societie  of 
Monsieur  de 
Monts  brokeuy 
and  tohy. 

Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt 
his  resolution. 
The  English 
Nation  going 
to  Virginia 
with  a  zealous 
intent  to  pUmt 
true  reRgion 
l^  so  to 
increase 
Chrisu  blessed 
flocky  no  doubt 
he  will  bee 
their  leader. 


THe  Sunne  did  but  beginne  to  cheere  the  earth,  and 
to  behold  his  Mistris  with  an  amorous  aspect,  when 
the  Sagamos  Membertou  (after  oiu:  Prayers  solemnely 
made  to  God,  and  the  break-fast  distributed  to  the  people, 
according  to  the  custome)  came  to  give  us  advertisement 
that  he  had  seene  a  sayle  upon  the  Lake,  which  came 
towards  our  Fort.  At  this  joyfull  newes  every  one  went 
out  to  see,  but  yet  none  was  found  that  had  so  good  a 
sight  as  he,  though  he  be  above  a  100.  yeeres  old ;  never- 
thelesse  we  spied  very  soone  what  it  was.  It  was  onely 
a  small  Bark  under  the  charge  of  a  young  man  of  Saint 
Maloes,  named  Chevalier,  who  beeing  arrived  at  the  Fort, 
delivered  his  Letters  to  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  which 
were  read  publikely.  They  did  write  unto  him,  that  for  to 
helpe  to  save  the  charges  of  the  Voyage,  the  ship  (being 
yet  the  Jonas)  should  stay  at  Campseau  Port,  there  to 
fish  for  Cods,  by  reason  that  the  Merchants  associate  with 
Monsieur  de  Monts,  knew  not  that  there  was  any  fishing 
farther  then  that  place:  Notwithstanding  if  it  were 
necessary  he  shoxdd  cause  the  ship  to  come  to  Port  Royall. 
Moreover,  that  the  societie  was  broken,  because  that 
contrary  to  the  King  his  Edict,  the  Hollanders,  conducted 
by  a  traiterous  Frenchman,  called  La  Jeunesse,  had  the 
yeere  before  taken  up  the  Bevers  and  other  Furres,  of 
the  great  River  of  Canada.  Notwithstanding,  after  that 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  had  a  long  while  mused  here- 
upon, he  said,  that  although  he  shomd  have  no  bodie  to 
come  with  him,  but  onely  his  family,  hee  would  not 
forsake  the  enterprise.  It  was  great  griefe  unto  us  to 
abandon  (without  hope  of  returne)  a  Land  that  had  pro- 
duced unto  us  so  faire  Corne,  and  so  many  faire  adorned 
Gardens.  All  that  coxild  be  done  imtill  that  time,  was 
to  find  out  a  place,  fit  to  make  a  setled  dwelling,  and  a 

278 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  ad. 

1607. 

Land  of  good  fertilitie.  And  that  being  done,  it  was 
great  want  of  courage  to  give  over  the  enterprise,  for 
another  yeare  being  passed,  the  necessitie  of  maintayning 
an  habitation  there,  shoiild  be  taken  away,  for  the  Land 
was  sufficient  to  yeeld  things  necessarie  for  life.  This 
was  the  cause  of  that  griefe  which  pierced  the  hearts  of 
them  which  were  desirous  to  see  the  Christian  Religion 
established  in  that  Countrey.  But  on  the  contrary. 
Monsieur  de  Monts,  and  his  associates,  reaping  no  benefit, 
but  losse,  and  luivin^  no  helpe  from  the  King,  it  was  a 
thing  which  they  coim  not  doe,  but  with  much  difficultie 
to  maintavne  an  habitation  in  those  parts. 

Now  tnis  envie  for  the  Trade  of  Beavers  with  the  Monsieur  de 
Savages,  foimd  not  onely  place  in  the  Hollanders  hearts,  ^^^y^ 
but  dso  in  French  Merchants,  in  such  sort  that  the  privi-  ^^  * 
ledge  which  had  beene  given  to  the  said  Monsieur  de 
Monts   for   ten   yeeres   was   revoked.     The    unsatiable 
avarice  of  men  is  a  strange  thing,  which  have  no  regard 
to  that  which  is  honest,  so  that  they  may  rifle  and  catch 
by  what  meanes  soever.     And  thereupon  I  will  say  more- 
over, that  there  have  beene  some  of  them  that  came  to 
that  Countrey  to  fetch  us  home,  that  wickedly  have  pre- 
sumed so  much  as  to  strip  the  dead,  and  steale  away  the  Robbing  from 
Beavers,  which  those  poore  people  doe  put,  for  their  last  ^  ^^^- 
benefit,  upon  them  whom  they  bury,  as  we  will  declare 
more  at  Is^e  in  the  Booke  following.     A  thing;  that 
maketh  the  French  name  to  be  odious,  and  worthy  disdaine 
among  them,  which  have  no  such  sordid  qualitie  at  all. 

Fifteene  dayes  after,  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt 
sent  a  Barke  to  Campseau,  with  part  of  our  Workmen, 
for  to  beginne  to  pull  downe  the  house.  In  the  beginning 
of  June  the  Savages,  about  foure  hundred  in  number.  The  Savages 
went  away  fi-om  the  dwelling  that  the  Sagamos  Membertou  &  ^^  ^^  «^^^'^- 
had  newly  made,  in  forme  of  a  Towne,  compassed  about 
with  high  pales,  for  to  go  to  warres  against  the 
Armoucmquois,  which  was  at  Chouakoet  some  eightie 
leagues  distant  from  Port  Royall;  fi-om  whence  they 
Tctumed  victorious, 

279 


A.D. 

i6o7- 


Voyages  upon 
the  Coast  of  the 
French  Bay, 


Salmons. 


Assembly  of 
Savages  a 
feasting. 
Filthy  traSng. 


[IV.  viii. 

1639.] 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  being  not  willing  to  depart 
thence,  untill  hec  had  seene  the  issue  of  his  expectation^ 
that  is  to  say,  the  ripenesse  of  his  Corne>  hee  deliberated^ 
after  that  the  Savages  were  gone  to  warres,  to  make 
Voyages  along  the  Coast.  And  because  Chavalier  was 
desurous  to  gather  some  Bevers,  he  sent  him  in  a  small 
Barke  to  the  River  of  Saint  John,  called  by  the  Savages^ 
Ovigoudi,  and  to  the  He  Saint  Croix:  And  he,  the  said 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  went  in  a  shaUop  to  the 
Copper  Myne.  I  was  of  the  said  Chevalier  his  Voyage : 
WB  crossed  the  French  Bay  to  goe  to  the  said  River,  where> 
as  soone  as  wee  arrived,  halfe  a  doo<zen  Salmoas  Aewly 
taken,  were  brought  to  us:  we  sojourned  tliere  foure 
dayes,  during  which,  we  went  into  the  Cabins  of  Sagamoa 
Chkoudun,  where  we  saw  some  eightie,  or  a  huibdred 
Savages,  all  naked  except  their  privie  members,  which 
were  a  making  Tabagy  (tnat  is  to  say,  a  banquettin^)  with 
the  meale  that  the  said  Chevalier  had  trucked  with  them 
for  their  old  skinnes  full  of  Lice. 

The  Towne  of  Ovigoudi  (so  I  call  the  dwelling  of  the 
said  Chkoudun)  was  a  great  indosure  upon  an  HiU,  com- 
passed about  with  high  and  small  Trees,  tied  oiie  against 
another,  and  within  it  many  Cabins,  great  and  small,  one 
of  which  was  as  great  as  a  Market  Hall,  wherein  many 
housholds  retired  themselves :  And  as  for  the  same  where 
they  made  their  Tabagie,  it  was  somwhat  lesse.  A  good 
part  of  the  said  Savages  were  of  Gachepe,  which  is  the 
beginning  of  the  great  River  of  Canada;  and  they  told 
us,  that  they  came  from  their  dwelling  thither  in  sixe 
dayes,  which  made  me  much  to  marvell,  seeing  the  distance 
that  there  is  by  Sea,  but  they  shorten  very  much  their 
wayes,  and  make  great  Voyages  by  the  meanes  of  Lakes 
and  Rivers,  at  the  end  of  which  being  come,  in  carrying 
their  Canowes  three  or  foure  leagues,  they  get  to  other 
Rivers  that  have  a  contrary  course.  All  these  Savages 
were  come  thither  to  goe  to  the  warrcs  with  Membertou 
against  the  Armouchiquois. 

When  we  retiurned  to  our  Barke,  which  was  at  the 

280 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1607. 

comming  in  of  the  Port,  halfe  a  league  oS  from  thence, 
sheltered  by  a  causie  that  the  Sea  hath  made  there,  our 
men,  and  specially  Captaine  Champdore,  that  conducted 
us,  were  in  doubt,  lest  some  mischance  shoiild  happen 
unto  us,  and  having  seene  the  Savages  in  armes,  thought 
it  had  beene  to  doe  us  some  mischiefe,  which  had  beene 
very  easie,  for  we  were  but  two,  and  therefore  they  were 
very  glad  of  our  returne.  After  which,  the  next  day 
came  the  Wizard  or  Sauth*sayer  of  that  quarter,  crying  as  TAe  subHlHe 
a  mad  man  towards  our  Borke.  Not  knowing  what  he  ofanJutmoin 
meant,  hee  was  sent  for  in  a  Cock-boat,  and  came  to  T^**^ 
parley  with  us,  telling  us  that  the  Armouchiquois  were  ^ 
within  the  Woods,  which  came  to  assaile  them,  and  that 
they  had  killed  some  of  their  folkes  that  were  a  hunting : 
And  therefore  that  we  should  come  aland  to  assist  them. 
Having  heard  this  discourse,  which  according  to  our 
judgement,  tended  to  no  good,  we  told  him  that  our 
joumies  were  limited,  and  our  victuals  also,  and  that  it 
was  behoovefull  for  us  to  be  gone.  Seeing  himselfe 
denied,  he  said  that  before  two  yeeres  were  come  about, 
they  would  either  kill  all  the  Normans,  or  that  the 
Normans  should  kill  them.  We  mocked  him  and  told 
him  that  we  would  bring  our  Barke  before  their  Fort  to 
ransack  them  all ;  but  we  did  it  not,  for  we  went  away  that 
dav:  And  having  the  wind  contrarie,  we  sheltred  our 
selves  imder  a  small  Hand,  where  we  were  two  dayes: 
during  which,  some  went  a  shooting  at  Mallard  for  pro- 
vision ;  others  attended  on  the  Cookerie :  And  Captaine 
Champdore  and  my  selfe,  went  along  the  Rockes  with 
Hammers  and  Chissels,  seeking  if  there  were  any  Mynes. 
In  doin^  whereof  we  found  quantitie  of  Steele  among  AMyneof 
the  Rodies,  which  was  since  molten  by  Monsieur  de  5^^^- 
Poutrincourt,  who  made  wedges  of  it,  and  it  was  found 
very  fine  Steele,  whereof  he  caused  a  Knife  to  be  made, 
that  did  cut  as  a  Razor,  which  at  our  returne  he  shewed 
to  the  King. 

From  thence  we  went  in  three  dayes  to  the  He  Saint 
Croix,    being   often   contraried   with    the   winds.     And 

381 


A.D. 

1607. 


Menane. 
Good  tvaUh. 

Seeks  voices. 


The  arrival/ 
in  the  Ik  of 
Saint  Croix. 
The  state  of 
the  same. 


Turtks. 


TheSavagjtsof 
better  nature 
then  many 
Christians. 


A  number  of 
Iks. 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

because  we  had  a  bad  conjecture  of  the  Savages,  which 
we  did  see  in  great  number,  at  the  River  of  Saint  John^ 
and  that  the  troupe  that  was  departed  from  Port  Royall  was 
yet  at  Menane,  (an  He  betweene  the  said  Port  Royall  and 
Saint  Croix)  which  we  woxild  not  trust,  we  kept  good 
watch  in  the  night  time :  At  which  time  wee  did  often 
heare  Seales  voyces,  which  were  very  like  to  the  voice  of 
Owles :  A  thing  contrarie  to  the  opinion  of  them  that  have 
said  and  written  that  fishes  have  no  voice. 

Bein^  arrived  at  the  lie  Saint  Croix,  we  found  there 
the  buildings,  left  there  all  whole,  saving  that  the  Store- 
house was  uncovered  of  one  side.  Wee  found  there  yet 
Sacke  in  the  bottome  of  a  Pipe,  whereof  we  dranke,  and 
it  was  not  much  the  worse.  As  for  Gardens,  wee  found 
there  Coale-worts,  Sorrell,  Lettuces,  which  we  used  for 
the  Kitchin.  Wee  made  there  also  good  Pasties  of  Turtle 
Doves,  which  are  very  plentiftiU  in  the  Woods,  but  the 
grasse  is  there  so  high  that  one  coxild  not  find  them  when 
they  were  killed  and  fallen  in  the  &[round.  The  Court 
was  there,  ftill  of  whole  Caskes,  which  some  ill  disposed 
Mariners  did  burne  for  their  pleasures,  which  thing  when 
I  saw,  I  did  abhorre,  and  I  did  judge,  better  then  befere, 
that  the  Savages  were  (being  lesse  civilized)  more  humane 
and  honester  men,  then  many  that  beare  the  Name  of 
Christians,  having  during  three  yeeres,  spared  that  place, 
wherein  they  had  not  taken  so  much  as  a  piece  of  Wood, 
nor  Salt,  which  was  there  in  great  quantitie,  as  hard  as  a 
Rocke. 

Going  from  thence,  we  cast  Anchor  among  a  great 
number  of  conftised  lies,  where  wee  heard  some  Savages^ 
and  wee  did  call  to  make  them  come  to  us,  llaey 
answered  us  with  the  like  call.  Whereunto  one  of  ours 
replied,  Ouen  Kirau  ?  that  is  to  say.  What  are  yee }  they 
would  not  discover  themselves.  But  the  next  day  Oagi- 
mont,  the  Sagamos  of  this  River,  came  to  us,  and  wee 
knew  it  was  he  whom  we  heard.  Hee  did  prepare  to 
follow  Membertou  and  his  troupe  to  the  warres,  where  he 
was  grievously  woimded,  as  I  have  said  in  my  Verses 

282 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS 

upon  this  matter.  This  Oagimont  hath  a  Daughter  about 
eleven  yeeres  old,  who  is  very  comely,  which  Monsieur 
de  Poutrincourt  desired  to  have,  and  hath  oftentimes 
demanded  her  of  him  to  give  her  to  the  Queene,  promising 
him  that  he  shoxild  never  want  Corne,  nor  any  thing  else, 
but  he  would  never  condiscend  thereto. 

Being  entred  into  our  Barke  he  accompanied  us,  imtiU 
wee  came  to  the  broad  Sea,  where  hee  put  himselfe  in  his 
shallop  to  returne  backe ;  and  for  us  we  bent  our  course 
for  Port  Royall,  where  we  arrived  before  day,  but  we  were 
before  our  Fort,  jiist  at  the  very  point  that  faire  Aurora 
began  to  shew  her  reddie  cheekes  upon  the  top  of  our 
wooddie  Hils ;  every  bodie  was  yet  asleepe,  and  there  was 
but  one  that  rose  up,  by  the  continuall  barking  of  Dogges ; 
but  wee  made  the  rest  soone  to  awake,  by  Peales  of 
Musket-shots  and  Tnunpets  sound.  Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt  was  but  the  day  before,  arrived  from  his 
Voyage  to  the  Mynes,  whither  we  have  said  that  hee  was 
to  goe,  and  the  day  before  that,  was  the  Barke  arrived 
that  had  carried  part  of  our  Workmen  to  Campseau.  So 
that  all  bein£^  assembled,  there  rested  nothing  more  then 
to  prepare  things  necessary  for  our  shipping.  And  in 
this  businesse  our  Water-Mill  did  us  very  good  service, 
for  otherwise  there  had  beene  no  meanes  to  prepare  Meale 
enough  for  the  Voyage,  but  in  the  end  wee  had  more 
then  wee  had  need  o^  which  was  given  to  the  Savages, 
to  the  end  to  have  us  in  remembrance. 

Upon  the  point  that  we  should  take  our  leave  of  Port 
Royall,  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  sent  his  men,  one  after 
another,  to  find  out  the  ship  at  Gimpseau,  which  is  a  Port 
t>eing  betweene  seven  or  eight  Hands  where  ships  may  be 
sheltered  from  windes :  and  there  is  a  Bay  of  above  fifteene 
leagues  depth,  and  sixe  or  seven  leagues  broad.  The  said 
place  being  distant  from  Port  Roydl  above  one  hundred 
and  fiftie  ^gues.  For  victuals,  wee  wanted  for  no  fish, 
for  in  halfe  an  houres  fishing  we  might  take  Cod  enough 
for  to  feed  us  a  fortnight,  and  of  the  fairest  and  fattest 
that  ever  I  saw,  being  of  the  colour  of  Carpes ;  which  I 

283 


A.D. 

1607. 


Thehveofthe 
Savages 
towards  their 
children. 


Arrival  into 
Port  Royall, 


Use  of  a 
Water-mill. 


The  descrip- 
tion of  the  Port 
de  Campseau. 
[IV.  viii. 

1640.] 


Abundance  of 
faire  Cod. 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

have  never  knowne  nor  noted,  but  in  this  part  of  the  said 
Cap  de  Sable ;  which  after  we  had  passed,  the  tide  (which 
is  swift  in  this  place)  brought  us  in  short  time  as  farre  as 
Port  de  la       to  the  Port  De  La  Hevc,  thinking  that  wee  were  no 
^^^-  further  then  the  Port  de  Mouton.     There  we  tarried  two 

dayes,  and  in  the  venr  same  Port  wee  saw  the  Cods  bite 
at  the  Hooke.  We  found  there  store  of  red  Gooseberies, 
and  a  Marcassite  of  Copper  Myne:  we  also  made  there 
some  trucking  with  the  Savages  for  skinnes. 

From  thence  forward  we  had  wind  at  will>  and  diuring 

that  time  it  haj^ned  once,  that  being  upon  the  hatches, 

I  cried  out  to  our  Pilot  Monsieur  de  Champdore,  that  we 

were  readie  to  strike,  thinking  I  had  seene  the  bottome 

The  Rain-hwt  of  the  Sea ;   but  I  was  deceived  by  the  Rain-bow  which 

appeanng  tn    jj j  appeare  with  all  his  colours  in  the  water,  {procured  by 

water.       ^^  shadow,  that  our  Boare-spright  sayle  did  make  over 

the  same,  being  opposite  to  the  Sunne,  which  assembling 

his  beames,  within  the  hoUownesse  of  the  same  sajle,  as  it 

doth  within  the  Cloudes,  those  beames  were  forced  to 

make  a  reverberation  in  the  water,  and  to  shew  forth  this 

wonder.     In  the  end  wee  arrived  within  foure  leagues  of 

Campseau,  at  a  Port,  where  a  good  old  man  of  Saint  John 

de  Lus,  called  Captaine  Savalet,  received  us  with  all  the 

kindnesse  in  the  World.     And  for  as  much  as  this  Port 

(which  is  little,  but  very  faire)  hath  no  name,  I  have 

qualified  it  in  my  Geographical  Mappe,  with  the  name  of 

Port  Savalet.    Savalet.     This  good  honest  man  told  us  that  the  same 

42.  Fi^ages     Voyage  was  the  two  and  fortieth  Voyage  that  he  had  made 

Ihwndl^r'  ^^^^  *^^^  P"^*'  ^^^  neverthelesse  the  New-found-land- 
fiun  -  an  .  ^^^  ^^^  make  but  one  in  a  yeere.  He  was  marvellously 
Good  fishing,  pleased  with  his  fishing ;  and  told  us  moreover  that  hee 
tooke  every  day  fiftie  Crownes  worth  of  fish,  and  that  his 
Voyage  would  bee  worth  one  thousand  pounds.  He 
payea  wages  to  sixteene  men,  and  his  vessell  was  of 
eightie  tuns,  which  could  carrie  1 00000.  dry  fishes. 

Wee  were  foure  dayes  there,  by  reason  of  the  contrary 
wind.  Then  came  we  to  Campseau,  where  we  tarried  for 
the  other  Barke,  which  came  two  dayes  after  us.     And 

284 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1607. 

as  for  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  as  soone  as  he  saw  that 

the  Corne  might  be  reaped,  he  pulled  up  some  Rie,  root  Excading 

and  all,  for  to  shew  here  the  beautie,  goodnesse  and  A*^^  Come. 

unmeasurable  height  of  the  same.     Hee  also  made  gleanes 

of  the  other  sorts  of  Seeds,  as  Wheat,  Barley,  Oates, 

Hempe,  and  others  for  the  same  purpose.     Delighting  my 

selfe  in  this  exercise,  God  hath  blessed  my  poore  labour, 

and  I  have  had  in  my  Garden  as  faire  Wheate  as  any  can  FdreWheau. 

be  in  France,  whereof  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt 

gave  unto  mee  a  gleane,  when  hee  came  to  the  said  Port  de 

Campseau.     Hee  was  readie  to  depart  from  Port  Royall, 

when  Membertou  and  his  company  arrived,  victorious  TheSavaffs 

over  the  Armouchiquois.    At  the  mstant  request  of  the  said  fetumifrom 

Membertou  he  tarried  yet  one  day.     But  it  was  pitious  ^^  ^^rres, 

to  see  at  his  departing,  those  poore  people  weepe,  who  TheSopaffs 

had  beene  alwayes  kept  in  hope  that  some  of  ours  should  ^f''^'  ^^  ^^ 

alwayes  tarrie  with  them.     In  the  end  promise  was  made  ^*f^^f! 

unto    them,    that   the   yeere    following,   housholds   and  men. 

families  should  be  sent  thither,  wholly  to  inhabit  their 

Land,  and  teach  them  Trades  for  to  make  them  live  as 

wee  doe,  which  promise  did  somewhat  comfort  them. 

There  was  left  remayning  ten  Hogs-heads  of  Meale,  MeaUkft 

which  were  given  to  them,  with  the  Corne  that  we  had  ^Mnde. 

sowed,  and  the  possession  of  the  Manour  if  they  would 

use  it,  which  they  have  not  done.     For  they  cannot  be 

constant  in  one  place,  and  live  as  they  doe. 

The  eleventh  of  August  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrin-  Monsieur  de 
court  departed,  with  eight  in  his  companie,  from  the  said  Poutrincourt 
Port  Royall,  in  a  shallop  to  come  to  Campseau :  A  thing  ^^H^^- 
marvellously  dangerous  to  aosse  so  many  Bayes  and  Seas 
in  so  small  a  vessell,  laden  with  nine  persons,  with  victuals 
necessarie  for  the  Voyage,  and  reasonable  great  quantitie 
of  other  stuffe.     Being  arrived  at  the  Port  of  Captaine 
Savalet,  he  received  them  all  as  kindly  as  it  was  possible 
for  him :  And  from  thence  they  came  to  us,  to  the  said 
Port  of  Campseau,  where  we  tarried  yet  eight  dayes.     The  The  departing 
third  day  of  September,  we  weighed  Anchors,  and  with  fi^  ^^ 
much  adoc  came  wee  from  among  the  Rockes,  that  be  ^''^^^• 

285 


A.D. 

1607. 


The  Sight  of 
the  Sorfingues, 

Harvest  of 
New  France^ 
shewed  to  the 
King. 
[IV.  viii. 

1641.] 

Outardsy  or 
wild  Geese 
presented  toihe 
King. 

Priviledge  of 
Severs 
confirmed  to 
Monsieur  de 
Monts. 
Three  ships 
sent  1608. 
N ewes  from 
New  France 
since  our 
commingfhm 
thence. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

about  the  said  Campseau.  Which  oxir  Mariners  did  with 
two  shallops  that  did  came  their  Anchors  very  ferre  into 
the  Sea,  for  to  uphold  our  ship,  to  the  end  she  should 
not  strike  against  the  Rockes.  Finally,  being  at  Sea,  one 
of  the  said  shallops  was  let  goe,  and  the  other  was  taken 
into  the  Jonas,  which  besides  our  lading,  did  carrie 
1 00000.  of  fish,  as  well  drie  as  greene.  Wee  had  reason- 
able good  wind  untill  we  came  neere  to  the  Lands  of 
Eiirope :  But  we  were  not  over-cloyed  with  good  cheerc, 
because  that  they  who  came  to  fetch  us,  presuming  we 
were  dead  did  cramme  themselves  with  our  refreshing 
commodities.  Our  Workemen  dranke  no  more  Wine, 
after  we  had  left  Port  Royall:  And  we  had  but  small 
portion  thereof,  because  that  which  did  over  abound  with 
us;  was  drunke  merrily  in  the  company  of  them  that 
brought  us  newes  from  France.  The  sixe  and  twentieth 
of  September  wee  had  sight  of  the  Sorlin6;ues,  which  bee 
at  the  Lands  end  of  Cornewall  in  England,  and  the  eight 
and  twentieth  thinking  to  come  to  Saint  Maloes. 

Being  at  Paris,  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  pre- 
sented to  the  King  with  the  firuits  of  the  Land  from 
whence  he  came,  and  especially  the  Corne,  Wheate,  Rie, 
Barley  and  Oates,  as  bemg  the  most  precious  thing  that 
may  be  brought  firom  what  Countrey  soever.  The  said 
Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  had  bred  tenne  Outards,  taken 
from  the  shell,  which  hee  thought  to  bring  all  into  France, 
but  five  of  them  were  lost,  and  the  other  five  he  gave  to 
the  King,  who  delighted  much  in  them ;  and  they  are  at 
Fountaine  Belleau.  Upon  the  faire  shew  of  the  fruites  of 
the  said  Countrey,  the  King  did  confirme  to  Monsieur  de 
Monts  the  priviledge  for  the  Trade  of  Bevers  with  the 
Savages,  to  the  encf  to  give  him  meanes  to  establish  his 
Colonies  in  New  France.  And  by  this  occasion  he  sent 
thither  in  March  last.  Families,  there  to  bemnne  Christian 
and  French  Commonwealths,  which  God  vouchsafe  to 
blesse  and  increase. 

The  said  ships  being  returned,  we  have  had  report  by 
Monsieur  de  Champdore,  and  others,  of  the  state  of  the 

286 


I 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1608. 
Countrie  which  we  had  left,  and  of  the  wonderful!  beautie 
of  the  Corne  that  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt  had 
sowed  before  his  departure,  together  of  the  graines  that 
bee  fallen  in  the  Gardens,  which  have  so  increased  that  it 
is  an  incredible  thing.     Membertou  did  gather  six  or 
seven  barrels  of  the  Corne  that  we  had  sowed :  and  had 
et  one  left,  which  he  reserved  for  the  Frenchmen,  whom 
e  looked  for,  who  arriving  hee  saluted  with  three  Musket  //  //  very 
shots  and  Bonfires.     When  it  was  laid  to  his  charge  that  dangerous  to 
he  had  eaten  our  Pidgeons,  which  wee  left  there,  he  fell  a  ^^  ^^ 
weeping,  and  erabraang  him  that  told  it  him,  said,  that  ^g^^Quns. 
it  was  the  Macharoa,  that  is  to  say,  the  great  Birds  which 
are  Eagles,  which  did  eate  many  of  them,  while  wee  were  Ea^s, 
there.     Moreover,  all  great  and  small,  did  inquire  how 
we  did,  naming  every  one  by  his  owne  name,  which  is  a 
witnesse  of  great  love. 

From  Port  Royall,  the  said  Champdore  went  as  farre  as 
Chouakouet,  the  beginning  of  the  Armouchiquois  Land, 
where  hee  pacified  that  Nation  with  the  Etechemins,  which 
was  not  done  without  solemnftie.  For  as  hee  had  begun 
to  speake  of  it,  the  Captaine,  who  is  now  insteed  of 
Olmechin,  named  Astikou,  a  grave  man  and  of  a  goodly 
presence,  how  savage  soever  hee  be,  demanded  that  some  The  Sava^s 
one  of  the  said  Etechemins  should  be  sent  to  him,  and  ff^sdme. 
that  he  would  treat  with  him.  Oagimont,  Sagamos  of 
the  River  Saint  Croix,  was  appointed  for  that  purpose, 
and  he  would  not  trust  them,  but  under  the  assurance  of 
the  Frenchmen,  he  went  thither.  Some  Presents  were 
made  to  Astikou,  who,  upon  the  speech  of  peace,  began 
to  exhort  his  people  and  to  shew  them  the  causes  that 
ought  to  induce  them  to  hearken  unto  it.  Whereunto 
they  condiscended,  making  an  exclamation  at  every  Article 
that  he  propounded  to  them.  Some  five  yeeres  agoe 
Monsieur  de  Monts  had  likewise  pacified  those  Nations, 
and  had  declared  unto  them,  that  he  would  bee  enemie 
to  the  first  of  them  that  should  begin  the  Warre,  and 
would  pursue  him.  But  after  his  returne  into  France, 
they  could  not  containe  themselves  in  peace.     And  the 

287 


A.D. 

i6o8. 


MonsUur 
Chamfkitt  is 
now  in  thi 
River  of 
Canada. 

CattelL 
Fruit  trees, 
rifles. 
Hemfe. 


Monsieur  de 
Poutrincourt 
Ass  resolution. 
1609. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Armouchiquois  did  kill  a  Souriquois  Savage,  called 
Panoniac,  who  went  to  them  for  to  trucke  Merchandize) 
which  he  tooke  at  the  Store-house  of  the  said  Monsieur 
de  Monts.  The  Warre  above  mentioned  happened  by 
reason  of  this  said  murther,  under  the  conduct  of  Sagamos 
Membertou :  the  said  Warre  was  made  in  the  very  same 
place,  where  I  now  make  mention,  that  Monsieur  de 
Champdore  did  treate  the  peace  this  yeere.  Monsieur 
Champlein  is  in  another  place,  to  wit,  in  the  great  River 
of  Canada,  neere  the  place  where  Captaine  James  Qtiartier 
did  winter,  where  hee  hath  fortified  him  selfe,  jiaving 
brought  thither  housholds,  with  Cattle  and  divers  sorts 
of  fruit-trees.  There  is  store  of  Vines,  and  excellent 
Hempe,  in  the  same  place  where  he  is,  which  the  earth 
bringeth  forth  of  it  selfe.  He  is  not  a  man  to  be  idle, 
and  we  expect  shortly  newes  of  the  whole  Discoverie  of 
this  Rreat  and  unoomparable  River,  and  of  the  Countries 
which  it  washeth  on  both  sides,  by  the  diligence  of  the 
said  Champlein. 

As  for  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  his  desire  is  immut'- 
able,  in  this  resolution  to  inhabit  and  adome  his  Province, 
to  bring  thither  his  &mily,  and  all  sorts  of  Trades  neces- 
sary for  the  life  of  man.  Which,  with  Gods  helpe  hee 
will  continue  to  effect  all  this  present  yeere  1609.  ^^' 
as  long  as  hee  hath  vigour  and  strength,  will  prosecute  the 
same,  to  live  there  under  the  King^s  obeysajnce. 

The  Authour  hath  written  another  large  Booke  of  the 
Rites  of  the  Sava&;es  of  those  parts,  which  I  have  omitted, 
partly  because  Cnamplein  in  the  former  Chapiter  hath 

fiven  us  large  instructions  of  the  same,  and  because  in  our 
irginian,  and  New  England,  and  New-found-land,  our 
men  will  relate  the  liloe ;  and  because  I  seeke  to  bee  short, 
howsoever  my  Subject  causeth  mee  to  bee  voluminous. 


288 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a,d. 

1 607-1 1. 

Chap.  VIII.  [^v.viiu 

^  1642.] 

Collections  out  of  a  French  Booke,  called  Addi- 
tions to  Nova  Francia ;  containing  the  Accidents 
there,  from  the  yeere  1 607.  to  1 6 1 1 . 

Onsieur  de  Monts  having  his  priviledge  Monsi.  de 
prorogued  for  one  yeare,  with  some  associ*  ^^f^  ^^ 
ates,   sent  unto   his  Government   three  ^sAip^^ 
Ships,  furnished  with  men  and  victuals. 
And  forasmuch  as  Monsieur  de  Poutrin- 
court  hath  taken  his  part  on  the  maine 
Sea,  and  for  the  desire  that  Monsieur  de  f^outheinten- 
Monts  hath  to  pierce  through  the  Land  to  the  Westerne  Hon  of  the 
Sea  coast,  to  the  end  he  should  not  be  an  hinderance  unto  Prench. 
him,  and  to  be  able  thereby  to  reach  one  day  to  China,  he 
determined  to  fortifie  himselfe  in  a  place  of  the  River  of 
Canada,  which  the  Savages  call  Kebec,  some  fortie  leagues  Kehec  40. 
above  the  River  of  Saguenay.     There  it  is  narrower,  being  l^ag.  above 
no  broader  then  a  Canon  will  carry:   and  so,  by  that  ^i'^^y- 
reason,  the  place  is  commodious  to  command,  through 
aU  that  great  River.     Monsieur  Champlein,  the  Kings  Champlein, 
Geographer,    very    skilfull    in    Sea    matters,    and   who 
delighteth  marveilously  in  these  enterprises,  tooke  upon 
him  the  charge  of  conducting,  and  g^oveming  this  first 
Coionie,  sent  to  Kebec.     Where  bemg  arrived,  it  was 
needefull  to  make  houses  for  him,  and  his  company; 
wherein  there  was  no  toyle  wanting,  such  as  we  may 
imagine,  as  was  the  labour  of  Captaine  Jacques  Quartier, 
at  his  arrivall  in  the  place  of  the  said  River,  where  he 
wintered :  and  so  Monsieur  de  Monts,  in  the  lie  of  Saint 
Croix;    whereby  did  issue  unknowne  sicknesses,  which 
tooke  away  many  men:    for  there  was  not  found  any 
Timber  ready  to  be  put  in  worke,  nor  any  buildings  to 
lodge  the  workemen  in :  they  were  driven  to  fell  downe 
the  wood  by  the  roote,  to  cleare  the  ground,  and  to  lay 
the  first  foundations  of  a  worke,  which  (with  the  helpe  of 
God)  shall  be  the  subject  of  many  wonders. 

XVIII  289  T 


A.D. 

1607-II. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


Exemplary 
punishmenL 


The  naturall 
fruite  of  the 
land. 


But  as   our   Frenchmen   have  oftentimes  bin  found 
mutinous  in  such  actions,  so  there  were  some  among  these, 

A  conspiracy,  which  did  conspire  against  the  said  Champlein  their 
Captaine,  having  deliberated  to  put  him  to  death,  first 
by  poison,  afterwards  by  a  traine  or  Gunpowder :  and  after, 
having  pilfered  all,  to  come  to  Tadoussac,  where  Baskes 
and  Rochell  Ships  were,  to  make  their  returne  in  them  to 
these  parts.  But  the  Apothecaiy,  of  whom  the  poyson 
was  demanded,  disclosed  the  matter.  Whereupon, 
Information  being  made,  one  of  them  was  hanged,  and 
some  others  condemned  to  the  Gallies,  which  were  brought 
backe  into  France,  in  the  Ship,  wherein  Monsieur  du  Pont 
of  Honfleur  was  Commander. 

The  people  being  lodged,  some  store  of  Corne  was 
sowed,  and  a  number  of  Gardens  were  made,  where  the 
ground  did  restore  plentifully  the  seedes  received.  This 
Land  bringeth  forth,  naturally.  Grapes  in  great  quantity: 
the  Walnut-trees  are  there  in  abundance,  and  Chestnut- 
trees  also,  whose  fruite  is  in  the  forme  of  an  halfe  moone; 
but  the  Walnuts  are  with  many  corners  or  edges,  iwhich 
be  not  divided.  There  is  also  great  store  of  Fumpions, 
and  very  excellent  Hempe,  wherewith  the  Savages  make 
fishing  lines.  The  River  there  doth  aboimd  wfth  as  much 
fish,  as  any  other  River  in  the  world.  It  is  thought,  that 
Bevers,  are  not  here  so  good,  as  upon  the  coast  of  the 
Etechemins  and  Souriquois ;  yet  notwithstanding,  I  may 
say  very  well,  that  I  have  seene  skins  fi-om  thence  of 

Blacke  Foxes,  blacke  Foxes,  which  seemc  to  exceede  Sables,  or  Marterns. 
The  winter  being  come,  many  of  our  Frenchmen,  were 
found  greatly  afflicted  with  the  sickenesse,  which  is  called 
the  Scurvie,  whereof  I  have  spoken  elsewhere,  Some  of 
them  died  thereof,  for  want  of  jwesent  remedy.  As  for 
the  tree  called  Annedda,  so  much  renowned  by  Jacques 
Qgartier,  it  is  not  now  to  be  found.  The  said  Champlein 
made  diligent  seardi  for  the  same,  and  could  have  no 
newes  thereof:  and  notwithstanding  his  dwelling  is  at 
Kebec,  neighbouring  on  the  place,  where  the  said  Qiartier 
did  winter.     Whereupon,  I  can  thinke  nothing  else,  but 

390 


Scurvie. 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

L607-1  c. 
that  the  people  of  that  time,  have  bin  exterminated  by 
the  Iroquois,  or  other  their  enemies. 

The  Spring  time  being  come,  Champlein  having  had 
a  long  time  a  minde  to  make  new  discoveries,  was  to 
choose,  either  to  make  his  way  to  the  Iroquois,  or  to  goe 
beyond  the  fidl  of  the  great  River,  to  discover  the  great 
Lake,  whereof  mention  hath  bin  made  h&xto^ott.     Not*  Li^-  3-  <•«/• 
withstanding,  because  the  Southerly  Countries  are  more  *^' 
pleasant,  for  their  milde  temperature;   he  resolved  him- 
sclfe,  the  first  yeare,  to  visite  the  Iroquois.     But  the  Champieins 
difiicuity  consisted  in  the  going  thither;    for  we  are  not  ^**^^^- 
able  of  our  selves  to  make  those  Vo]rages,  without  the 
assistance  of  the  Savages.     These  Countries  are  not  the 
Plaines  of  Champaigne,  nor  of  Vatan,  nor  the  ingratefuU 
wood  oi  Limostn.     All  is  there  covered  with  woods,  that 
seeme  to  threaten  the  clouds.     And  at  that  time  his  com- 
pany of  men  was  but  weake,  as  well  by  reason  of  the 
rormer  mortality,  as  of  the  infirmities  of  sicknesses,  which 
were  yet  continuing.     Notwithstanding,  being  a  man,  who 
is  astonished  with  nothing,  and  of  a  gentle  conversation, 
knowing  wisely  how  to  acquaint,  and  accommodate  him- 
selfe  with  those  people,  after  having  promised  them,  that 
when  the  land  of  the  Iroquois,  and  other  Coimtrics  should 
be  discovered,  the  great  French  Sagamos  (meaning  our  [IV.  viii. 
King)  would  give  them  great  rewards:    he  invited  them  1^43] 

to  goe  to  warre  against  the  said  Iroquois,  [n-omising  (for 
himselfe^  that  he  would  take  part  with  them.  They  (in 
whom  tne  desire  of  revenge  dieth  not,  and  who  ddight 
in  nothing  more  then  in  warre)  passe  their  word  unto  him, 
and  arme  themselves  about  one  hundred  men,  for  that 
effect,  with  whom  the  said  Champlein,  ventures  himselfc, 
accompanied  with  one  man,  and  one  of  Monsieur  de 
Monts  his  footemen.  So  they  began  their  voyage  in  the  TiHr  Voiage 
Savages  Barkes,  and  Canoes,  akngst  the  great  River,  as  to  the  Iroquois. 
ferre  as  the  entring  into  the  River  of  the  Iroquois: 
wherein  being  entred,  within  certaine  dayes,  they  went 
up  unto  the  Lake  of  the  said  Iroquois.  But  one  may 
demand  with  what  did  so  many  people  Kve,  in  a  Countric 

291 


exercise. 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607-11. 

where  no  Innes  are  ?     I  wonder  as  much  at  that  as  others 

doe ;   for  with  them  there  is  not  any  meanes  of  living, 

but  by  hunting ;  and  in  that,  they  doe  exercise  themselves 

through  the  woods  in  their  travailes.     Champlein  and  his 

men,  were  forced  to  live  after  their  manner.     For  although 

they  had  made  provision  of  Bread,  Wine,  and  Meatc,  out 

of  the  storehouse,  the  same  could  not  have  served  them, 

Tkelr  arrival  to  make  accompt  of.     Finally,  being  come  into  the  said 

^  ^  ^^f     Lake,  they  were  many  dayes  a  crossing  of  it  (fw  it  is 

leT^^kn*^^  about  sixtie  leagues  ot  length)  without  giving  knowledge 

^ff^^    &     q£  jIj^Jj.  being  there,  and  so  the  said  Champlein  had  time 

Faire  Hands    to  view  their  Tillage,  and  the  feire  Hands,  that  serve  for 

in  the  Lake,     an  ornament  to  their  great  extension  of  water.    These 

MdthM^"'    people  are  much  like  to  the  Armouchiquois,  in  their 

fashion  of  living.     Thev  sowe  Indian  Maiz  and  Beanes, 

and  have  quantity  of  raire  Grapes,  whereof  they  make 

no  use :   and  very  good  rootes.     Every  Family  have  their 

ground  round  about  their  dwellings ;   Forts  also,  yet  no 

Housesoffiure  Townes,  made  with  buildings  of  three  or  fovire  stories 

stories,  \ngYiy  such  as  they  have  in  new  Mexico  (a  Countrie  situated 

much  farther  within  the  lands.) 

The  alarum         In  the  end,  our  men  being  discovered,  the  alarum  was 

among  the       given  among  the  Iroquois,  who  assembled  themselves. 

Iroquou.         hxiA  as  the  Iroquois  did  approach,  Champlein,  who  was 

armed  with  a  Musket,  charged  with  two  bullets,  would 

have  set  himselfe  forward  to  aime,  to  make  at  one  of  the 

forwardest  of  the  Iroquois,  who  did  brave  it,  challenging 

The  Prudence  his  enemies  to  the  combat.     But  the  Savages  of  Kebec 

of  the  Savages,  ^^jj  j^j^^  -^^  ^^^^^  language,  no,  doe  not  so,  for  if  they 

once  discover  vou,  not  being  accustomed  to  see  such  folkes, 

they  will  forthwith  runne  away,  and  make  no  stand;  so 

shall  we  loose  the  glory  which  we  expect  of  this  charge; 

withdraw  your  selfe  therefore  behinde  our  formost  ranke, 

and  when  we  shall  be  neere,  you  shall  advance  your  selfe, 

and  shoote  at  those  two  feathered  fellowes,  whom  you  see 

the  formost,  in  the  middest  of  the  troope;    which  was 

found  good,  and  executed  by  the  said  Champlein,  who 

with  one  shot  laid  them  both  to  the  ground,  as  he  hath 

292 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1607-11. 

related  unto  us.     He,  who  assisted  him,  did  also  his 

duetie.     But  on  a  sodaine,  all  was  in  disorder,  astonished  F&ght. 

at  such  a  noise,  and  death  so  unexpected.     Upon  this 

feare,  the  men  of  Kebec  loosing  no  occasion,  followed 

earnestly  their  enemies,  and  killed  about  fiftie  of  them,  FiJHe  of  the 

whose  heads  they  brought  backe,  to  make  therewith  merry  ^J^^***' 

feasts,  and  dances,  at  their  returne,  according  to  their  ^      ' 

custome. 

These  things  so  passed,  Champlein  tooke  againe  his 
course  towards  ancient  France,  where  he  arrived  in  October 
1609.  having  left  the  government  of  New  France  to  a   1609. 
good  reverent  old  man  called  Captaine  Pierre.     And  for  Capt  Pierre. 
as  much  as  the  accidents  of  the  former  sicknesse,  were 
feared  to  come;   the  winter  foDowing,  Captaine  du  Pont  Capt.duPont. 
of  Honfleure  (a  man  very  well  worthy  to  hold  ranke 
among  the  Heroes  of  the  said  Province,  for  having  bin 
the  first  that  came  to  the  Fals  of  the  great  River,  after 
Jacques  Quartier,  having  also  wintered  in  Port  Royall,  and 
almost  every  yeare,  made  voyages  to  those  parts,  for  the 
reliefe  of  them  that  were  ther^  gave  advise,  that  wood 
shoidd  be  ready  cut  downe,  for  those  that  shoxdd  tarry 
there  all  the  winter,  and  thereby  to  free  them  from  painfull 
toyles.     That  helpe  hath  bin  of  such  force,  that  besides 
this,  having   their  buildings  made,   they   have  left  no  None  died^  nor 
infirmitie  nor  mortality.     So  he  retixrned,  and  with  him  ^^^^  '^^^'^• 
the  said  Champlein,  and  those  that  would  returne. 

In  the  meane  while,  preparations  were  made  for  another  16 10. 
voyage,  against  the  retixrne  of  the  said  Champlein,  to  the  CkampUin  his 
end  to  prosecute  his  discoveries,  and  consequently,  to  ^^  ^^J^ff- 
relieve  the  said  Captaine  Pierre.     He  tooke  againe  for 
the  second  time  the  Lieutenancy  of  the  said  Monsieur 
de  Monts,  for  the  government  of  Kebec,  and  setting  out 
in  the  beginning  of  March,  was  forced  divers  times  to 
turne  backe,  by  reason  of  contrary  windes ;   which  made 
him  to  arrive  late,  as  did  also  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt, 
of  his  part.     And  neverthelesse,  in  that  small  time,  which  ^^edk^ 
hee  haa  in  those  parts,  he  exploited  a  great  peece  of  worke,  ;« lengthy 
haying  gone  this  yeare,  as  farre  as  a  great  Lake,  of  an  discovered, 

293 


A.D. 

1607-II. 


Agreemmt  to 
gpe  to  wdr^ 
towards  the 
great  Lake, 


[IV.  viii. 

1644.] 


J  BatttU. 


1611. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

hundred  leagues  in  length,  i;^ch  is  beyond  the  Fals  of 
the  great  River  of  Cansuja  eighty  leagues. 

Having  then  reviewed  the  state  of  all  things  at  Kebec, 
and  learned  what  occurrences  had  passed  there,  since  his 
departure ;  he  made  an  agreement  with  the  Captaines  of 
the  said  place,  and  with  them  of  Tadoussac,  to  goe  on 
warfare  above  the  Fall  of  the  said  River,  promising  dicm 
to  procure  an  hundred  Frenchmen,  to  assist  them  in  the 
exturping  of  all  their  enemies :  and  that  they  should  have 
as  many  of  their  owne  men,  of  their  side,  which  they 
liked  very  well.  But  the  day  appointed  being  come,  and 
the  Frenchmen  not  come,  he  excused  the  matter  upon 
the  weather,  which  had  beene  boistrous  for  Sailers:  and 
for  want  of  whom,  hee  told  them,  that  himselfe  wmld 
goe  with  them,  and  follow  their  fortunes.  They  seeing 
they  could  doe  no  better,  accepted  of  his  offer,  and  went 
together  with  some  other  Frenchmen  more,  along  the 
same  (aire  River :  the  Savages  still  hunting  for  provision 
for  the  kitchin.  And  they  travailed  so  farre,  that  after 
having  passed  the  Fals,  they  crossed  some  Lakes,  and  in 
the  space  of  eighty  leagues,  came  to  that  other  Lake, 
which  we  have  said  to  be  of  an  hundred  leagues  in  length : 
where  (as  the  said  Champlein  hath  recited  unto  me)  they 
were  presently  set  upon  by  the  Savages  of  the  Country, 
and  it  was  behoovefiul  unto  them,  to  stand  in  good  order, 
&  well  to  defend  themselves,  after  the  said  Champlein  had 
received  a  blow  on  the  chine  bone,  \diereof  he  is  not  yet 
fully  healed.  Since,  he  made  a  confederacy  with  other 
Nations  of  those  parts,  ferther  distant  from  the  mouth  of 
the  Lake,  who  promised  him,  that  the  next  yeare  followb? 
(which  is  this  yeare  161 1.)  thev  would  conduct  him  witt 
all  assurance,  as  far  as  the  fartnest  end  of  the  said  Lake. 
He,  for  his  part,  promised  them  fkire,  and  shewed  them 
as  well  as  he  could,  the  greatnesse  of  our  King,  and  of 
his  Kingdome ;  and  for  to  make  them  certaine  thereof, 
he  tooke  with  him  a  yong  man,  sonne  of  a  Captoine  of 
those  parts,  called  Savi^on,  a  man  of  a  good  ^pe> 
strong,  vigorous,  and  of  great  courage,  whom  he  hath 

294 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  aj). 

1607*11. 

brought  into  France,  to  make  report,  upon  his  retiu-ne, 

of  that  which  he  hath  seene.     This  Country  (by  the  report 

of  the  said  Champlein)  is  one  of  the  faurest  Countries  Afnre 

of  the  world,  much  tilled,  abounding  with  chase  Deere,  ^<^«»^<y- 

and   Fish,   Vines,   Hempe,   good   Roots,   Walnut-trees, 

Chestnut-trees,  Plimitrees,  and  others. 

There  are  store  of  Bevers  along  this  Lake,  but  the  Bevers  humt. 
Inhabitants  doe  burne  them,  as  here  wee  bume  Hogges : 
and  so  by  that  meanes,  that  haire  and  wooll,  which  we 
£oe  so  farre  of,  and  with  so  many  perils  to  seeke  for,  is 
lost.     There  are  Beasts  great  and  small,  differing  from 
ours,  and  Horses,  as  the  said  Savignon  hath  shewed  us.  Horns. 
by  the  neighing.     But  I  dare  not  give  for  currant  that 
which  Monsieur  de  Monts  hath  recited  unto  me,  that 
these  Nations  have  tame  Beares,  which  they  teach,  to  Merveikus 
caxTf  them  upon  trees  for  want  of  ladders.     They  have  '»^«'^- 
Forts,   such   as   they  of  Virnia  have,  which  are  great  ^^^  ^ 
indosures  with  trees,  joyned  together  in  forme  like  a  ^"^^'^ 
Pale,  and  within  those  indosiu'es  are  houses  made,  two  Houses  with 
or  three  stories  high.     The  lower  and  higher  parts  doe  '^''*^- 
serve  for  the  men  when  they  must  defend  themselves  from 
the  a^salts  of  their  enemies.     For  in  the  lower  parts  there 
are  big  Bowes,  for  the  bending  of  which,  the  strength  Strong  bowes, 
of  six  men  is  required,  and  they  nave  Arrowes,  that  knocke 
downe  men.      Above,  they  have  murthering  holes,  or 
battlements,  from  whence  to  fling  or  cast  stones,  and  also 
to  shoote  with  Bowes,  when  they  will  hit  their  enemies 
a  farre  off.     In  the  middle  roomes  are  the  women,  which 
faile  not  in  doing  that  helpe  which  their  sexe  may  affoord. 
And  in  this  middle  story,  they  lay  up  their  Come  and  other 
provisions. 

Champlein  promiseth  us  never  to  give  over  untill  he  Hope  for  the 
have  pierced  as  farre  as  to  the  Western  Sea,  or  that  of  passage  to 
the  North,  to  open  the  way  of  China;    in  vaine  by  so  ^'"*^- 
many  thought  for.     As  for  the  Western  Sea,  I  beleeve  ^  great 
that  at  the  farther  end  of  the  greatest  Lake,  which  is  very  ^fsH^dlnl 
far  beyond  that  whereof  we  spake  of  in  this  Chapter,  ^  Wettonu 
there  will  be  found  some  great  River,  which  will  fall  into  Sea. 

«95 


A.D. 

1607-II. 


The  Northern 
Sea, 


1610. 
J  tedious 
Navigation, 


A  conspiracy. 


Their  arrivall 
at  PortRoyaii. 

Buildings  and 
houshold 
stuffe 
preserved. 

Tillage  of  the 
ground. 


Thefirst 
Christenings 
made  in  New 
France, 


Sagamos  doth 
signifie  a 
Prince^  Ruler ^ 
or  Captaine. 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

the  same,  or  issue  from  it  (as  doth  that  of  Canada)  and 
never  into  the  said  Westerne  Sea.  And  as  for  the 
Northerne  Sea,  there  is  hope  to  come  neere  to  it  by  the 
River  of  Saguenay,  there  being  but  small  distance  from 
the  head  of  the  said  River,  to  the  said  Sea. 

It  is  now  fit  to  speake  of  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt, 
a  Gentleman  of  long  time  resolute  in  these  actions,  who 
having  made  his  preparation  at  Diepe,  set  saile  the  25. 
of  February  16 10.  with  a  number  of  honest  men,  and 
Artificers.  This  Navigation  hath  bin  very  tedious  and 
troublesome;  for  from  the  beginning  they  were  driven 
within  sight  of  the  Azores,  and  from  thence,  almost  con- 
tinually beaten  with  contrary  windes,  by  the  space  of  two 
moneths :  diu'ing  which  time  (as  idle  people  doe  commonly 
occupie  their  spirits  in  evill)  some,  by  secret  practises, 
durst  conspire  against  their  Captaine,  whom  notwithstand- 
ing, the  said  Poutrincourt,  according  to  his  accustomed 
clemency,  did  pardon. 

Having  made  a  review  of  that  coast,  he  came  into  Port 
Royall,  where  he  brought  much  consolation  to  the  Savages 
of  that  place.  As  for  the  buildings,  they  were  found  all 
whole,  except  the  covering,  and  every  parcell  of  houshold 
stufFe,  in  the  same  place  where  they  were  left. 

The  first  care  that  the  said  Monsieur  de  Poutrincoiirt 
had,  was  for  the  tillage  of  the  ground,  and  to  dispose  it 
to  receive  the  seede  of  corne,  for  the  yeare  following; 
which  being  finished,  hee  would  not  neglect  that  which 
belonged  to  the  spiritualty,  and  whereunto  the  chicfest 
aime  of  his  travailes  did  tend,  which  was,  to  procure  the 
salvation  of  those  poore  savage  and  barbarous  people. 
After  necessary  instruction  given,  they  were  baptized  upon 
Saint  John  Baptist  his  day,  the  foure  and  twentieth  of 
June,  1 610.  to  the  number  of  one  and  twenty  persons; 
to  every  one  of  which  was  given  the  name  of  some  great 
or  notable  person  of  these  parts. 

I.  Membertou  great  Sagamos,  being  above  an  hundred 
yeares  of  age,  was  baptizeid  by  Sir  Jesse  Fleche  Priestc, 
and  named  by  Monsieur  de  Poutrincourt,  Henry,  after 

296 


MONSIEUR  DE  MONTS  a.d. 

1 607-1 1. 

the  Kinfi^s  name.     2.  Actaudinech,  third  Sonne  of  the  said  The  King  was 
Henry  Membertou,  was  by  the  said  Poutrincourt,  named  '^^  '^'"^ 
Paul,  after  the  name  of  Pope  Paul.     3,  The  wife  of  the  "^^^l^ 
said  Henry,  was  named  by  the  said  Poutrincourt,  after  the 
Queenes  name,  that  is  to  say,  Marie.     4.  Momberto- 
coichis,  alias  Judas,  elder  sonne  to  Membertou,  being 
above    sixety   yeares   old,    was    also    baptized,    and   by 
Monsieur  de  Bicucour,  named  Lewes,  after  the  name  of 
my  Lord  the  Daulphin,  8a:. 

Membertou,  chiefe  Sagamos  of  these  Countries,  moved  [IV.  viii. 
with  a  religious  zeale  (but  without  knowledge)  saith,  that  *^450 

he  will  denounce  open  wars  against  all  them  that  will 
refuse  to  become  Christians. 

Shortly  after  these  spirituall  regenerations.  Monsieur  de  J  retume 
Poutrincourt  his  son  was  sent  backe  into  France  to  take  ^'*^  France, 
a  new  charge :  In  doing  whereof,  he  certified  the  Queene, 
what  had  bin  done  in  those  Christenings;  whereby  she 
received  a  marveilous  contentment.  But  this  one  thing 
is  to  be  noted,  that  though  the  Navigation  were  tedious 
in  going,  yet  in  the  returne  it  was  very  short ;  for  being 
come  to  the  fishing  banke,  which  is  finie  leagues  on  this 
side  New-found-land,  he  was  brought  in  a  fortnight  into 
France,  in  which  time  they  commonly  make  their  returne. 
Upon  the  Banke  they  heare  the  newes  of  our  good  Kings 
death,  whose  soule  resteth  with  God,  and  whose  posterity 
we  pray  God  to  blcsse. 

The  Author  reports  another  Voyage  161 1.  by  the  Lord 
of  Sant  Just ;  but  I  have  haste  to  the  English  Plantation, 
for  whose  sake  these  are  published :  there  being  no  great 
matter  of  history  of  those  parts  therein.  As  for  the 
Articles  of  a  Societie  concluded,  and  the  names  of  those 
which  entred  therein,  till  we  have  greater  effect  thereof, 
I  shall  not  trouble  you  with  the  recitall  thereof. 


[Chap.  IX» 
297 


A.D. 
1584. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 


The  first 
Voyage  to 
VirgMta  and 
possession 
taken. 


Virpma 
named  so  by 
Q,  EHzabetA 


Chap.  IX. 

The  first  plantation  of  English  Colonies  in 
Virginia  briefly  mentioned. 

Ir  Walter  Raleigh,  a  man  more  famous  then 
happy,  had  obtained  of  Queene  Elizabeth, 
of  glorious  memory,  a  Patent  for  dis- 
covering and  peopling  of  unknowne  parts 
not  actually  possessed  by  any  Christian 
Prince,  dated  March  25.  A.  Reg.   26. 
The  27.  of  Aprill,  1584.  he  set  fordi  two 
Barkes  under  the  command  of  Master  Phillip  Amadas, 
and  Master  Arthur  Barlow,  which  arrived  on  tliat  part  of 
America,  which  that  Virgin  Queene  stiled  Virginia,  and 
thereof  in  her  Majesties  name  tooke  possession  July  13. 
and  having  taken  view  and  liking  of  the  Countrey,  and 
had  conference  and  trade  with  the  Savages,  observing 
above  foureteene  severall  sweete  smelling  timber  trees, 
and  many  other  commodities;    they  returned  with  two 
of  the  Savages,  Wanchese  and  Manteo,  and  arrived  in 
England  in  September. 

Aprill  9.  1585.  Sir  Richard  Greene  vile  was  sent  by  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  with  a  fleete  of  seven  saile,  which  landed 
in  the  He  of  Saint  John  Port  Ricco,  May  12.  and  these 
fortified  themselves,  and  built  a  Pinnace.  The  Spaniard 
promised  to  furnish  them  with  victuals,  but  did  not,  where- 
upon they  tooke  two  Frigates.  In  Hispaniola  they  had 
friendly  greetings  and  trade.  June  26.  they  anchored  at 
Wocokon,  where  by  the  unskilfulnesse  of  Fernando  the 
Master,  their  Admirall  strooke  on  ground  and  sunke. 
In  the  25.  of  July,  the  Generall  returned  for  England, 
Spanish  Prise,  and  tooke  a  Spanish  Ship  of  three  hundred  tunne  richly 
laden  by  the  way,  boording  her  with  a  Boate  made  of  the 
boords  of  Chests,  which  as  soone  as  hee  had  boorded  her 
fell  in  sunder  and  sunke  at  the  Ships  side.  In  the  Coxmtrie 
was  a  Colonie,  left  under  the  government  of  Master  Ralph 
Lane,  viz.  Master  Phillip  Amadas,  Master  Hariot,  Master 

298 


SecondVoyage. 
Sir  R. 
Greenevile, 


First  Colony, 


ENGLISH  PLANTATIONS  IN  VIRGINIA         ad. 

1587. 

Acton,  Master  Edward  Stafford,  Master  Prideox,  Captaine 
Vaughan,  and  above  a  hxindred  others.  Master  Lane  writ 
from  his  new  Fort  in  Virginia,  that  if  Virginia  had  Kine 
and  Horses  in  reasonable  propcntion,  no  Countrie  in 
Christendome  were  comparable  to  it.  They  discovered 
^m  Roanoak  to  the  Chesepians,  above  one  hundred  and 
thirty  miles,  to  Chawanock  North-West  as  farre.  The 
Savaees  conspired  against  the  English,  the  principall  was 
Pemisapan,  who  lost  his  head  in  the  quarrell,  in  the  begin- 
ning or  June  1 586.  and  Sir  Francis  Drake  comming  thither  Sir  F.  Drake. 
from  the  sacke  of  divers  Spanish  Townes,  to  visite  the 
Colony,  on  the  nineteenth,  tooke  the  Colony  with  him 
in  his  victorious  Fleete,  and  brought  them  into  England. 

The  same  yeere  had  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  prepared  a  ship  TJdrd  Voyage. 
of  a  hundred  tun,  fraught  with  provision  for  the  Colonie, 
which  setting  forth  late,  arrived  at  Hartoraske  immediatly 
after  the  departure  of  the  Colonie,  which  having  sought 
in  vaine,  she  returned  with  her  provisions  for  Engknd. 
About    a    fortnight    after    her    departure.    Sir    Richard 
Greenevile,  Generall  of  Virginia,  accompanied  with  three 
Ships  arrived  there,  and  neither  hearing  of  the  Ship,  nor  fourth 
of  the  Colonie  which  he  had  left  there  the  yeare  before ;  Voyaff. 
after  long  and  vaine  search,  he  left  fifteene  men  to  hold  Secmd 
possession  of  the  Countrie,  in  the  He  of  Roanoak,  fur-  ^^«^^^- 
nished  for  two  yeares,  and  returned,  by  the  way  making 
spoyle  on  the  Townes  of  the  Azores,  and  there  taking 
divers  Spaniards.     Master  Thonus  Hariot  writ  a  large  Masur 
History  of  the  Men,  Beasts,  Fishes,  Fowles,  Plants,  and  Thomas 
Commodities  of  Virginia,  subscribed  also  by  Master  Ralph  ^^'^*^^- 
Lane,  extant  in  Master  Hackluit  his  third  Tome. 

In  the  yeare  1587.  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  continuing  his  Fifth  Voyage 
purpose   of   Plantation,   sent   another   Colonie   of  one  ^^^ktrd 
hundred  and  fiftie  persons,  under  the  government  of  ^^^?^- 
Master  John  White ;  to  him  he  appointed  twelve  Assist- 
ants, unto  whom  he  gave  a  Charter,  and  incorporated  them 
by  the  name  of  Govemour  and  Assistants  of^  the  Citie  of  [IV.  viii. 
E^eigh   in  Virginia.      These  arrived   on   July   22.   at  *^46] 

Hatoraske,  where  they  went  on  shore  to  seeke  the  fifteene 

299 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1587. 

men  left  there  the  yeare  before,  with  intent  after  to  pknt 

Bay  of  at  the  Bay  of  Chesepiok,  according  to  Sir  Walter  Raleigh 

Chesepiok,  jjjg  directions,  there  to  make  their  seate  and  Fort.  By 
Manteo  they  learned  how  the  Savages  had  secretly  assaited 
the  fifteene  English,  and  slaine  some,  the  other  being 
forced  to  flee,  it  was  not  knowne  whither.  Manteo  was 
Christened,  and  by  Sir  Walter  Raleighs  direction,  made 
Lord  of  Roanoak.    Mistris  Dare  the  Governours  daughter 

English  borne  ^as  delivered  of  a  daughter,  which  was  baptised  by  the 

'^^^-  name  of  Virginia. 

The  Company  were  very  important  with  the  Governour, 
to  returne  for  England,  to  supply  their  defects ;  to  which, 
with  much  unwillingnesse  he  veelded,  Aug.  27.  and  Octob. 
16.  arrived  in  Ireland,  and  after  in  England. 

Sixth  Voyage,  Anno  1 590.  the  said  Master  John  White  put  to  Sea 
with  Ships,  and  two  Pinnaces,  with  purpose  for  Virginia, 
where  they  anchored  at  Hatorask  in  36.  20.  Aug.  15. 
They  found  some  of  the  goods  (such  as  the  Savages  could 
not  make  use  of)  and  tokens  as  if  they  were  at  Croatoan ; 
but  the  winds  violence  permitted  no  further  search,  and 
they  returned  to  the  Azores,  and  after  to  England,  arriving 
at  Plimmouth,  Octob.  24. 

Master  Bartholomew  Gosnolds  Letter  to  his  Father, 
touching  his  first  Voyage  to  Virginia,  1602. 

MY  duetie  remembred,  &c.  Sir,  I  was  in  good  hope 
that  my  occasions  would  have  allowed  mee  so  mudi 
libertie,  as  to  have  come  unto  you  before  this  time ;  other- 
wise I  would  have  written  more  at  large  concerning  the 
Countrie  from  whence  we  lately  came,  then  I  did :  but  not 
well  remembring  what  I  have  already  written  (though  I 
am  assured  that  there  is  nothing  set  downe  disagreeing 
with  the  truth)  I  thought  it  fittest  not  to  goe  about  to 
adde  any  thing  in  writing,  but  rather  to  leave  the  report 
of  the  rest  till  I  come  my  selfe ;  which  now  I  hope  shall 
be  shortly,  and  so  soone  as  with  conveniency  I  may.  In 
the  meane  time,  notwithstanding  whereas  you  seeme  not 
to  be  satisfied  by  that  which  I  have  already  written,  con- 

300 


BARTHOLOMEW   GOSNOLD  a,d. 

1602. 

cerninff  some  especiall  matters.     I  have  here  briefelv  (and 

as  wcfl  as  I  can)  added  these  few  lines  for  your  mrther 

satisfaction:    and  first  as  touching  that  place  where  we 

were  most  resident,  it  is  in  the  Latitude  of  41.  degrees, 

and  one  third  part;    which  albeit  it  be  so  much  to  the 

Southward,  yet  is  it  more  cold  then  those  parts  of  Europe, 

which  are  scituated  under  the  same  paralell:   but  one  thing 

is  worth  the  noting,  that  notwithstanding  the  place  is  aot 

so  much  subject  to  cold  as  England  is,  yet  did  we  finde 

the  Spring  to  be  later  there,  then  it  is  with  us  here,  by 

almost  a  moneth :    this  whether  it  hapned  accidentally  this 

last  Spring  to  be  so,  or  whether  it  be  so  of  course,  I  am 

not  very  certaine ;  the  latter  seemes  most  likely,  whereof 

also  there  may  be  given  some  sufficient  reason,  which 

now  I  omit:    as  for  the  Acornes  we  saw  gathered  on 

hcapes,  they  were  of  the  last  yeare,  but  doubtlesse  their 

Sunmier  continues  longer  then  ours.     We  cannot  gather 

by  any  thing  we  could  observe  in  the  people,  or  by  anv 

triall  we  had  thereof  our  selves ;  but  that  it  is  as  healthfull 

a  Climate  as  any  can  be.     The  Inhabitants  there,  as  I 

wrote  before,  being  of  tall  stature,  comely  proportion, 

strong,  active,  and  some  of  good  yeares,  and  as  it  should 

seeme  very  healthfull,  are  sufficient  proofe  of  the  health- 

fiilnesse  of  the  place.     First,  for  our  selves  (thankes  be 

to  God)  we  had  not  a  man  sicke  two  dayes  together  in 

all  our  Voyage;   whereas  others  that  went  out  with  us, 

or  about  that  time  on  other  Voyages  (especially  such  as 

went  upon  reprisall)  were  most  of  them  infected  with 

sicknesse,  whereof  they  lost  some  of  their  men,  and 

brought  home  a  many  sicke,  returning  notwithstanding 

long  before  us.     But  Verazzano,  and  others  (as  I  take  it, 

you  may  reade  in  the  Booke  of  Discoveries)  doe  more 

particularly  intreate  of  the  Age  of  the  people  in  that  coast. 

The  Sassafras  which  we  brought  we  had  upon  the  Hands : 

where  though  we  had  litde  disturbance,  and  reasonable 

plenty :    yet  for  that  the  greatest  part  of  our  people  were 

imployed  about  the  fitting  of  our  house,  and  such  like 

affaires^  and  a  few  (and  those  but  easie  labourers)  under- 

301 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIIL6RIMES 

1602. 

tooke  this  worke,  the  rather  because  we  were  informed 
before  our  going  forth,  that  a  tunne  was  sufficient  to  cloy 
England)  and  further,  for  that  we  had  resolved  upon  our 
retximc,  and  taken  view  of  our  victuall,  we  judged  it  then 
needefuU  to  use  expedition ;  which  afterward  we  had  more 
certaine  proofe  of ;  for  when  we  came  to  an  anker  before 
Portsmouth,  which  was  some  foure  dayes  after  we  made 
the  land,  we  had  not  one  Cake  of  Bread,  nor  any  drinke, 
but  a  little  Vinegar,  left:  for  these  and  other  reasons, 
we  returned  no  otherwise  laden  then  vou  have  heard. 
And  thus  much  I  hope  shall  suffice  till  I  can  my  selfe 
come  to  give  you  further  notice,  which  though  it  be  not 
so  soone  as  I  could  have  wisht,  yet  I  hope  it  shall  be  in 
convenient  time.  In  the  meane  time  craving  your  pardon, 
for  which  the  urgent  occasions  of  my  stay  will  pleade,  I 
humbly  take  my  leave.     7.  Septemb.  1602. 

Your  dutifuU  Sonne, 

Barth.  Gosnold. 

[IV.  viii.  Chap.  X. 

47J  Yhe  Relation  of  Captaine  Gosnols  Voyage  to  the 
North  part  of  Virginia,  begunne  the  sixe  and 
twentieth  of  March,  Anno  42.  Elizabethan 
Reginae  1602.  and  delivered  by  Gabriel  Archer, 
a  Gentleman  in  the  said  Voyage. 

He  said  Captaine  did  set  sayle  from 
Falmouth,  the  day  and  yeere  above  written 
accompanied  with  thirtie  two  persons, 
whereof  eight  Mariners  and  Saylers, 
twelve  purposing  upon  the  Discovery  to 
returne  with  the  ship  for  England,  the 
rest  remayne  there  for  population.  The 
fourteenth  of  Aprill  following,  wee  hsul  sight  of  Saint 
Maries  an  Iland  of  the  Assoris. 

The  three  and  twentieth  of  the  same,  beeing[  two 
hundred  leagues  Westwards  from  the  said  Iland  m  the 
latitude  of  37.  degrees,  the  water  in  the  mayne  Ocean 

302 


BARTHOLOMEW   GOSNOLD  a.d. 

i6oa. 
appeared  yellow,  the  space  of  two  leases  North  and  Ocean  teeming 
South,  where  sounding  with  thirtie  fadomc  Line,  wee  J^^^- 
found  no  ground,  and  taking  up  some  of  the  said  water 
ift  a  bucket,  it  altered  not  either  in  colour  or  taste  from 
the  Sea  Azure. 

The  seventh  of  May  following,  we  first  saw  many  Birds 
in  bignesse  of  ClifFe  Pidgeons,  and  after  divers  other  as 
Pettrels,  Cootes,  Hagbuts,  Pengwins,  Miures,  Gannets, 
Cormorants,  Guls,  with  many  else  in  our  English  Tongue 
of  no  name.  The  eight  of  the  same  the  water  changed 
to  a  yellowish  greene,  where  at  serentie  fadome  we  had 
ground.  The  ninth,  wee  had  two  and  twentie  fedome 
in  faire  sandie  ground,  having  upon  our  Lead  many 
glittering  Stones,  somewhat  heavie,  which  might  promise 
some  Mmerall  matter  in  the  bottome,  we  held  our  selves 
by  computation,  well  neere  the  latitude  of  43.  degrees. 

The  tenth  wee  sounded  in  27.  30.  37.  43.  fadome,  and 
then  came  to  108.  some  thought  it  to  be  the  sounding  of 
the  Westermost  end  of  Saint  Johns  Iland,  upon  this 
banke  we  saw  sculs  of  fish  in  great  numbers.  The  twelfth 
we  hoysed  out  halfe  of  our  shallop,  and  sounding  had 
then  eightie  fadome  without  any  current  perceived  by 
William  Strete  the  Master,  one  hundred  leagues  Westward 
from  Saint  Maries  til  we  came  to  the  foresaid  soundings 
continually  passed  fleeting  by  us  Searoare,  which  seemed  Sea-oare. 
to  have  their  moveable  course  towards  the  North-east,  a 
matter  to  set  some  subtle  invention  on  worice,  for  compre- 
hending the  true  cause  thereof.  The  thirteenth,  wee 
sounded  in  seventie  fadome,  and  observed  great  beds  of 
weedes,  much  woode  and  divers  things  else  floating  by 
us,  when  as  we  had  smelling  of  the  shoare,  such  as  from  Smell  of  the 
the  Southerne  Cape  and  Andulazia  in  Spaine.  '^^'''^• 

The  fourteenth,  about  six  in  the  morning  we  descried 
Land  that  lay  North,  &c.  the  Northerly  part  we  called  the 
North  Land,  which  to  another  Rocke  upon  the  same  lying 
twelve  leagues  West,  that  wee  called  Savage  Rocke,  Savage  Rocke, 
because  the  Savages  first  shewed  themselves  there,  five 
leagues  towards  the  said  Rocke  is  an  out  Point  of  woodie 

303 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 

ground,  the  Trees  thereof  very  high  and  straight, 'from 
the  Rocke  East  North-east.  From  the  said  Rocke,  came 
towards  us  a  Biscay  shallop  with  saile  and  Oares,  haviog 
eight  persons  in  it,  whom  we  supposed  at  first  to  bee 
Christians   distressed.      But  approcning  us   neere,  wee 

Savages,  perceived  them  to  bee  Savages.  These  conunin^  within 
call  hayled  us,  and  wee  answered.  Then  after  signes  of 
peace,  and  a  long  speech  by  one  of  them  made,  they  came 
boldly  aboord  us  being  all  naked,  saving  about  their 
shoulders  certaine  loose  Deere-skinnes,  and  neere  their 
wastes  Seale-skinnes  tyed  fast  like  to  Irish  Dimmie  Trouses. 
One  that  seemed  to  be  their  Commander  wore  a  Waste- 
coate  of  blacke  worke,  a  paire  of  Breeches,  cloth  Stockings, 
Shooes,  Hat,  and  Band,  one  or  two  more  had  also  a  few 

Their         things  made  by  some  Christians,  these  with  a  piece  of 

behaviour.  Cha&e  described  the  Coast  thereabouts,  and  could  name 
Placentia  of  the  New-found-land,  they  spake  divers 
Christian  words,  and  seemed  to  xmderstand  much  more 
then  we,  for  want  of  Language  could  comprehend.  These 
people  are  in  colour  swart,  their  haire  long  up  tyed  with 
a  knot  in  the  part  of  behind  the  head.  They  paint  their 
bodies,  which  are  strong  and  well  proportioned.  These 
much  desired  our  longer  stay,  but  finding  our  selves  short 
of  our  purposed  place,  we  set  saile  Westwards,  leaving 
them  and  their  Coast.  About  sixteene  leagues  South- 
west from  thence,  wee  perceived  in  that  course  two  small 
Hands,  the  one  lying  tastward  fi-om  Savage  Rock,  the 
other  to  the  Southwards  of  it,  the  Coast  we  left  was  full 
of  goodly  Woods,  faire  Plaines,  with  little  greene  round 
Hils  above  the  Cliffes  appearing  unto  us,  which  are 
indifferently  raised,  but  all  Rockie,  and  of  shining  stones, 
which  might  have  perswaded  us  a  longer  stay  there. 

The  fifteenth  day  we  had  againe  sight  of  the  Land, 
which  made  a  head  being  as  wee  thought  an  Hand,  by 
reason  of  a  large  sound  that  appeared  Westward  betweene 
it  and  the  Mayne,  for  comming  to  the  West  end  thereof, 

Shole  hope,  we  did  perceive  a  large  opening,  we  called  it  Shole-hope : 
Neere  this  Cape  we  came  to  Anchor  in  fifteene  fadome, 

304 


BAKTHOLOMEW   GOSNOLD 

where  wee  tooke  great  store  of  Cod-fish,  for  which  we 
altered  the  name,  and  caUed  it  Cape  Cod.  Here  wee  saw 
soils  of  Herrings,  Mackerels  and  other  small  fish  in  great 
abundance.  This  is  a  low  sandie  shoare,  but  wiAout 
danger,  also  wee  came  to  Anchor  againe  in  sixteene 
fadome,  faire  by  the  Land  in  the  latitude  of  42.  degrees. 
This  Cape  is  well  neere  a  mile  broad,  and  lieth  North-east 
by  East.  The  Captaine  went  here  ashoare  and  found  the 
ground  to  be  full  of  Pease,  Strawberies,  Hurtberies,  &c- 
as  then  unripe,  the  sand  also  by  the  shoare  somewhat 
deepe,  the  fire-wood  there  by  us  taken  in  was  of  Cypresse, 
Birch,  Wich-hazell  and  Beech.  A  young  Indian  came  here 
to  the  Captaine,  armed  with  his  Bow  and  Arrowes,  and 
had  certaine  plates  of  Copper  hanging  at  his  Eares,  hed 
shewed  a  willmgnesse  to  heipe  us  in  our  occasions. 

The  sixteenth,  we  trended  the  Coast  Southerly,  which 
was  all  champaine  and  full  of  grasse,  but  the  Hands  some- 
what wooddie.  Twelve  leagues  from  Cape  Cod,  we 
descried  a  point,  with  some  breach  a  good  distance  off, 
and  keeping  our  lofFe  to  double  it,  wee  came  on  the  sudden 
into  shoale  water,  yet  well  quitted  our  selves  thereof. 
This  breach  wee  called  Tuckers  Terror,  upon  his  expressed 
feare.  The  Point  we  named  Point  Care,  having  passed 
it  wee  bore  up  againe  with  the  Land,  and  in  the  night 
came  with  it  anchoring  in  eight  fadome,  the  ground  good. 
The  seventeenth,  appeared  many  breaches  round  about 
us,  so  as  wee  continued  that  day  without  remoove. 

The  eighteenth,  being  faire  we  sent  forth  the  Boat,  to 
sound  over  a  Breach,  that  in  our  course  lay  of  another  Point, 
by  us  called  Gilberts  Point ;  who  returned  us  foure,  five, 
sixe  and  seven  fadome  over.  Also  a  Discovery  of  divers 
Hands  which  after  prooved  to  bee  Hils  and  Hummocks, 
distinct  within  the  Land.  This  day  there  came  unto  the 
ships  side  divers  Canoas ;  the  Indians  apparelled  as  afore- 
said, with  Tobacco  and  Pipes  steeled  witn  Copper,  Skins, 
artificiall  strings  and  other  trifles  to  barter,  one  had  hang- 
ing about  his  necke  a  plate  of  rich  Copper  in  length  a  foot, 
in  breadth  halfe  a  foot  for  a  brest-plate,  the  Eares  of  all 


A.D. 

i6o2. 


Cape  Cod, 


[IV.  viii. 

1648.] 


Tuckers 
Terror. 
Point  Care. 


GilhertsPoini. 
Divers  I  lands. 


Savages. 


xvin 


30s 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1602 

the  rest  had  Pendants  of  Copper.  Also  one  of  them  had 
his  face  over  painted,  and  his  head  stucke  with  feathers 
in  manner  of  a  Turkey  Cocks  traine :  These  arc  more 
timerous  then  those  of  the  Savage  Rocke,  yet  very 
theevish. 

The  nineteenth,  we  passed  over  the  breach  of  Gilberts 
Point  in  foure  or  five  fadome,  and  anchored  a  league  or 
somewhat  more  beyond  it ;  betweene  the  last  two  roints 
are  two  leagues,  the  interim,  along  shoale  water,  the  lati- 
tude here  is  41.  de^ees  two  third  parts. 

The  twentieth,  by  the  ships  side  we  there  killed 
Pengtoins.  Pengwins,  and  saw  many  sculs  of  fish.  The  Coast  from 
Gilberts  Point  to  the  supposed  lies  lyeth  East  and  by 
South.  Here  also  we  discovered  two  Inlets  which  might 
promise  fresh  water,  inwardly  whereof  we  perceived  much 
smoake,  as  though  some  population  had  there  beene: 
This  Coast  is  very  full  of  people,  for  that  as  we  trended 
the  same  Savages  still  runne  along  the  shoare,  as  men 
much  admirinc^  at  us. 

The  one  and  twentieth,  we  went  coasting  from  Gilberts 
Point  to  the  supposed  lies,  in  tenne,  nine,  eight,  seven, 
and  sixe  fadome  close  aboord  the  shoare,  and  that  depth 
lyeth  a  league  off.  A  little  from  the  supposed  lies 
appeared  unto  us  an  opening,  with  which  we  stood  judg- 
ing it  to  bee  the  end  of  that  which  Captaine  GosnoO 
descrieth  from  Cape  Cod,  and  as  hee  thought  to  extend 
some  thirtie  or  more  miles  in  length,  and  finding 
there  but  three  fidomes  a  league  off,  we  omitted 
to  make  further  discoverie  of  the  same,  calling  it 
Shole-hope. 

From  this  opening  the  Mayne  lyeth  South-west,  which 
coasting  along  we  saw  a  disinhabited  Iland  which  so  after- 
Martkaes  wards  appeared  unto  us :  we  bore  with  it,  and  named  it 
Vineyard.  Marthaes  Vineyard,  from  Shole-hope  it  is  eight  leagues 
in  circuit,  the  Hand  is  five  miles,  and  hath  41.  degrees 
and  one  quarter  of  latitude:  the  place  most  pleasant; 
for  the  two  and  twentieth,  we  went  ashoare,  and  found 
it  full  of  Wood,  Vines,  Gooseberie  bushes,  Hurtbcries, 

306 


BARTHOLOMEW   60SN0LD  aj>. 

1602. 
Raspices,  Eglentine,  &c.  Heere  we  had  Cranes,  Hearnes, 
Shoulers  Geese,  and  divers  other  Birds  which  there  at 
that  time  upon  the  ClifFes  being  sandie  with  some  Rockie 
stones,  did  breed  and  had  young.  In  this  place  we  saw 
Deere,  heere  we  rode  in  eight  fothome  neere  the  shoare, 
where  wee  tooke  great  store  of  Cod,  as  before  at  Cape 
Cod,  but  much  better. 

The  three  and  twentieth  wee  weyed,  and  towards  night 
came  to  Anchor  at  the  Northwest  part  of  this  Iland,  where 
the  next  morning  offered  \mto  us  fast  naming  thirteene 
Savages  apparelled  as  aforesaid,  and  armed  with  Bowes  and 
Arrowes  without  any  feare.  They  brought  Tobacco, 
Deere  skins  and  some  sodden  fish.  These  offered  them- 
selves unto  us  in  great  familiaritie,  who  seemed  to  be 
well  conditioned.  They  came  more  rich  in  Copper  then 
any  before.  This  Iland  is  sound,  and  hath  no  danger 
about  it. 

The  foure  and  twentieth,  we  set  saile  and  doubled  the 
Cape  of  another  Iland  next  unto  it,  which  wee  called  Dover  Dopir-cSjfi' 
Cliffe,  and  then  came  into  a  faire  Sound,  where  wee  roade  loiaui. 
ail  night,  the  next  morning  wee  sent  off  our  Boate  to 
discover  another  Cape,  that  lay  betweene  us  and  the 
Mayne,  from  which  were  a  ledge  of  Rockes  a  mile  into 
the  Sea,  but  all  above  water,  and  without  danger,  we  went 
about  them,  and  came  to  Anchor  in  eight  fedome,  a  quarter 
of  a  mile  from  the  shoare  in  one  of  the  stateliest  oounds 
that  ever  I  was  in.     This  called  wee  GosnoUs  Hope ;  the  GomoUsH^. 
North  banke  whereof  is  the  Mayne,  which  stretcheth  East 
and  West.     This  Iland  Captaine  Gosnoll  called  Elizabeths  E&zaheOs 
He,   where   we   determined   our   abode:     the   distance  ^^• 
betweene  every  of  these  Hands  is,  viz.  from  Marthaes 
Vineyard  to  Dover  Cliffe,  halfe  a  league  over  the  Sound, 
thence  to  Elizabeths  He  one  league  distant.     From  Eliza- 
beths He  unto  the  Mayne  is  foure  leagues.     On  the  North 
side  neere  adjoyning  unto  the  Iland  Elizabeth,  is  an  Uet 
in  compasse  halfe  a  myle  full  of  Cedars,  by  me  called  Hills  [iv.  viii. 
Hap,  to  the  Northward  of  which  in  the  mouth  of  an  1649.] 

opening  on  the  Mayne  appeareth  another  the  like,  that  I  ^'^^  ^^f' 

307 


A.D,  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 
Haps  Hill,      called  Haps  Hill,  for  that  I  hope  much  hap  may  be 
expected  from  it. 

The  five  and  twentieth,  it  was  that  we  came  from 
Gosnolls  Hope.  The  six  and  twentieth,  we  trimmed  and 
fitted  up  our  Shallop.  The  seven  and  twentieth,  there 
came  \mto  us  an  Indian  and  two  women ;  the  one  we 
supposed  to  be  his  Wife,  the  other  his  Daughter,  both 
cleane  and  straite  bodied,  with  countenance  sweet  and 
pleasant.  To  these  the  Indian  gave  heedful!  attendance 
For  that  they  shewed  them  in  much  familiaritie  with  our 
men,  although  they  would  not  admit  of  any  immodest 
touch. 

The  eieht  and  twentieth  we  entred  counsell  about  our 
abode  and  plantation,  which  was  concluded  to  be  in  the 
MzahethsIU  West  part  of  Elizabeths  Iland.  The  North-cast  thereof 
in  \i.iligrees  running  from  out  our  ken.  The  South  and  North  standcth 
]uicrihiT  ^"  ^^  ^^^^  Parallel.  This  Iland  in  the  Westerside 
admitteth  some  Increekes,  or  sandie  Coves,  so  girded, 
as  the  water  in  some  places  of  each  side  meeteth,  to  which 
the  Indians  fi-om  the  Mayne  doe  oftentimes  resort  for 
fishing  of  Crabs.  There  is  eight  fadome  very  neere  the 
shoare,  and  the  latitude  here  is  41.  degrees  10.  minutes, 
the  breadth  from  Sound  to  Sound  in  the  Wester  part  is 
not  passing  a  mile  at  most,  altogether  unpeople  and 
disinhabited.  It  is  over-growne  with  Wood  and  Rubbish, 
viz.  Okes,  Ashes,  Beech,  Wal-nut,  Weech-halfe,  Sassa- 
frage,  and  Cedars,  with  divers  other  of  unknowne  names. 
The  Rubbish  is  wild  Peaze,  young  Sassafrage,  Chcrie 
trees.  Vines,  Eglentine,  Goose-berie  bushes,  Hawthorne, 
Honisuckles,  with  others  of  like  qualitie.  The  herbs  and 
Roots  are  Strawberies,  Raspis,  Ground  Nuts,  Alexander, 
Surrin,  Tansie,  &c.  without  count.  Touching  the  fertilise 
of  the  soyle  by  our  owne  experience  made,  we  found  it 
to  be  excellent  for  sowing  some  English  pulse  it  sprowted 
out  in  one  fortnight  almost  halfe  a  foot.  In  this  Iland 
is  a  stage  or  PoncTof  fi-esh  water,  in  circuit  two  miles,  on 
the  one  side  not  distant  fi-om  the  Sea  thirtie  yards,  in  the 
Centre  whereof  is  a  Rockie  Islet,  contayning  neere  an 

308 


BARTHOLOMEW  GOSNOLD  a.d. 

l602. 

Acre  of  ground  foil  of  wood,  on  which  wee  beffanne  our  Fort  bepm. 
Fort  and  place  of  abode,  disposing  it  selfe  so  fit  for  the 
same.     These  Indians  call  Gold  V^ssador,  which  argueth 
there  is  thereof  in  the  Countrey. 

The  nine  and  twentieth,  we  laboured  in  getting  of 
Sassafrage,  rubbishing  our  little  Fort  or  Ilet,  new  keeling 
our  shaflop ;  and  making  a  Punt  or  Flat  bottome  Boate 
to  passe  to  and  fro  our  Fort  over  the  fresh  water,  the 
powder  of  Sassafrage  in  twelve  houres  cured  one  of  our 
Company  that  had  taken  a  great  Surfet  by  eating  the 
bellies  of  Dog-fish,  a  very  delicious  meate. 

The  thirtieth,  Captaine  GosnoU  with  divers  of  his  com- 
pany went  upon  pleasure  in  the  shallop  towards  Hills 
Hap  to  view  it,  and  the  Sandie  Cove,  and  returning 
brought  with  him  a  Canoa  that  foure  Indians  had  there 
left  being  fled  away  for  feare  of  our  English,  which  we 
brought  into  England. 

The  one  and  thirtieth,  Captaine  Gosnoll  desirous  to  see 
the  Maine,  because  of  the  distance,  hee  set  sayle  over; 
where  comming  to  anchor,  went  ashoare  with  certaine  of 
his  companie,  and  immediately  there  presented  unto  him 
men  women  and  children,  who  with  all  curteous  kindnesse 
entertayned  him,  giving  him  certaine  skinnes  of  wilde 
beasts,  which  may  be  rich  Furres,  Tobacco,  Turtles, 
Hempe,  artificiall  Strings  coloured,  Chaines,  and  such  like 
things  as  at  the  instant  they  had  about  them.  These  are 
a  faire  conditioned  people.  On  all  the  Sea  coast  along  Tke  people, 
we  found  Mussell  shells  that  in  colour  did  represent 
Mothcr-of-pearle,  but  not  having  meanes  to  dredge,  could 
not  apprehend  forther  knowledge  thereof.  This  Maine 
is  the  goodliest  Continent  that  ever  we  saw,  promising  Coodfy 
more  by  farre  then  we  any  way  did  expect:  for  it  is  Countrey. 
replenished  with  feire  fields,  and  in  them  fragrant  Flowers, 
also  Medowes,  and  hedged  in  with  statelv  Groves,  being 
fornished  also  with  pleasant  Brookes,  ana  beautified  with 
two  maine  Rivers  that  (as  wee  judge)  may  haply  become 
good  Harbours,  and  conduct  us  to  the  hopes  men  so 
greedily  doe  thirst  after.     In  the  mouth  of  one  of  these 

309 


A.D,  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 

Inlets  or  Rivers  lieth  that  little  He  before  mentioned,  called 
Happes  Hill,  from  which  unto  the  Westermost  end  of 
the  Maine,  appearing  where  the  other  Inlet  is,  I  account 
some  five  leagues,  and  the  Coast  betweene  bendeth  like 
a  Bow,  and  lyeth  East  and  by  North.  Beyond  these  two 
Inlets  we  might  perceive  the  Mayne  to  beare  up  South- 
west, and  more  &)utherly.  Thus  with  this  taste  of  Dis- 
covery, we  now  contented  our  selves,  and  the  same  day 
made  returne  unto  our  Fort,  time  not  permitting  more 
sparing  delay. 

The  first  of  June,  we  employed  our  selves  in  getting 
Sassafrage,  and  the  building  of^  our  Fort.  The  second, 
third  and  fourth,  we  wroug'ht  hard  to  make  readie  our 
house  for  the  provision  to  bee  had  ashore  to  sustaine  us 
till  our  ships  returne.  This  day  from  the  Mayne  came 
to  our  ships  side  a  Canoa,  with  their  Lord  or  chiefe  Com- 
mander, for  that  they  made  little  stay  only  pointing  to 
the  Sunne,  as  in  signe  that  the  next  day  hee  would  come 
and  visit  us,  which  hee  did  accordingly. 

The  fifth,  wee  continued  our  labour,  when  there  came 
unto  us  ashoare  from  the  Mayne  fiftie  Savages,  stout  and 
lustie  men  with  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  amongst  them 
there  seemed  to  be  one  of  authoride,  because  the  rest 
made  an  indining  respect  unto  him.  The  ship  was  at 
their  comming  a  kague  off,  and  Captaine  Gosnoll  aboord 
and  so  likewise  Captaine  Gilbert,  who  almost  never  vent 
ashoare,  the  company  with  me  only  eight  persons.  These 
[IV.  viii.  Indians  in  hastie  manner  came  towards  us,  so  as  we 
^^S<^']  thought  fiit  to  make  a  stand  at  an  angle  betweene  the  Sea 
and  a  fresh  water,  I  mooved  my  selfo  towards  him  seven 
or  eight  steps,  and  dapt  my  hands  first  on  the  sides  of 
mine  head,  then  on  my  breast,  and  after  presented  my 
Musket  with  a  threatning  countenance,  thereby  to  signifie 
unto  them,  either  a  choice  of  Peace  or  Warre,  whereupon 
hee  using  mee  with  mine  owne  signes  of  Peace,  I  stcpt 
forth  and  imbraced  hdm,  his  company  then  all  sate  downe 
in  manner  like  Grey-hounds  upon  their  heeles,  with  whom 
my  company  fell  a  bartering.      By  this  time  Captaine 

3^0 


BAKTHOLOMEW   GOSNOLD  a.d. 

1602. 

GosnoU  was  come  with  twelve  men  more  from  aboord, 
and  to  shew  the  Savaee  Seignior  that  he  was  our 
Captaine,  we  received  him  in  a  guard,  which  he  pass- 
ing thorow,  saluted  the  Seie^nior  with  ceremonies  or  our 
salutations,  whereat  he  nothing  mooved  or  altered  him- 
selfe.  Our  Captaine  gave  him  a  straw  Hat  and  a  paire 
of  Knives,  the  Hat  awhiles  hee  wore,  but  the  Knives  he 
beheld  with  great  marvelling,  bein^  very  bright  and 
sharpe,  this  our  courtesie  made  them  w  in  love  with  us. 

The  sixt  being  raine,  we  spent  idlely  aboord.  The 
seventh,  the  Seignior  came  againe  with  all  his  troupe  as 
before,  and  continued  with  us  the  most  part  of  the  day, 
we  going  to  dinner  about  noone,  they  sate  with  us  and 
did  eate  of  our  Bacaleure  and  Mustard,  dranke  of  our 
Beere,  but  the  Mustard  nipping  them  in  their  noses  they 
could  not  indure:  it  was  a  sport  to  behold  their  faces 
made  being  bitten  therewith.  In  time  of  Dinner  the 
Savages  had  stolne  a  Target  wherewith  acquainting  the 
Seignior,  with  feare  and  great  trembling  they  restored  it 
agame,  thinking  perhaps  we  would  have  beene  revenged 
for  it,  but  seeing  our  familiaritie  to  continue,  they  feU  a 
fresh  to  roasting  of  Crabs,  Red  Herrings,  which  were 
exceedmff  great,  ground  Nuts,  &c.  as  before.  Our  Dinner 
ended,  the  Seignior  first  tooke  leave  and  departed,  next 
all  the  rest  saving  foure  that  stayed  and  went  into  the 
Wood  to  helpe  us  digge  Sassafrage,  whom  we  desired  to 
goe  aboord  us,  which  they  refused  and  so  departed. 

The  eighth  wee  divided  the  victuals,  viz.  the  ships 
store  for  England,  and  that  of  the  Planters,  which  by 
Captaine  Gilberts  allowance  could  be  but  sixe  weekes  for 
sixe  moneths,  whereby  there  fell  out  a  controversie,  the 
rather,  for  that  some  seemed  secretly  to  understand  of  a 
purpose  Captaine  Gilbert  had  not  to  retixrne  with  supplie  Their  purpose 
of  the  issue,  those  ^oods  should  make  by  him  to  be  carried  of  staj  broken 
home.     Besides,  there  wanted  not  amoitious  conceits  in  ^i 
the  mindes  of  some  wrangling  and  ill  disposed  pertons 
that  overthrew  the  stay  there  at  that  time,  which  upon 
consrdtation  thereof  had,  about  five  dayes  after  was  fully 

311 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 

resolved  all  for  England  againe.  There  came  in  this 
interim  aboord  unto  us,  that  stayed  all  night,  an  Indian, 
whom  wee  used  kindly,  and  the  next  day  sent  ashoare 
hee  shewed  himselfe  the  most  sober  of  all  the  rest,  wee 
held  him  sent  as  a  Spie.  In  the  morning  he  filched  away 
our  Pot-hookes,  thinking  he  had  not  done  any  ill  therein; 
being  ashoare  wee  bid  him  strike  fire,  which  with  an 
Emerald  stone  (such  as  the  Glasiers  use,  to  cut  Glasse) 
he  did.  I  take  it  to  be  the  very  same  that  in  Latine  is 
called  Smiris,  for  striking  therewith  upon  Touch-wood 
that  of  purpose  hee  had,  by  meane  of  a  mynerall  stone 
used  therein,  sparkles  proceeded  and  forth  with  kindled 
with  making  ot  flame.  The  ninth,  wee  continued  work- 
ing on  our  otore-house  for  as  yet  rcmayned  in  us  a  desired 
resolution  of  making  stay.  The  tenth,  Captaine  Gosnoll 
fell  downe  with  the  ship  to  the  little  Ilet  of  Cedars,  called 
Hills  happe,  to  take  in  Cedar  wood,  leaving  mee  and  nine 
more  in  the  Fort,  onely  with  three  meales  meate,  upon 
promise  to  returne  the  next  day. 

The  eleventh,  he  came  not,  neither  sent,  whereupon  I 
commanded  foure  of  my  companie  to  seeke  out  for 
Crabbes,  Lobsters,  Turtles,  &c.  tor  sustayning  us  till  the 
ships  returne,  which  was  gone  deane  out  of  sight,  and 
had  the  winde  chopt  up  at  South-west,  with  much  difficulty 
would  shee  have  oeene  able  in  short  time  to  have  made 
returne.  These  foure  Purveyers,  whom  I  counselled  to 
keepe  together  for  their  better  safety  divided  themselves, 
two  going  one  wayes  and  two  another,  in  search  as  afore- 
^vage  said.  One  of  these  petie  companies  was  assaulted  bf 
matdt,  foure  Indians,  who  with  Arrowes  did  shoot  and  hurt  one 
of  the  two  in  his  side,  the  other  a  lusty  and  nimble  fellow, 
leapt  in  and  cut  their  Bow-strings  whereupon  they  fled. 
Being  late  in  the  evening,  they  were  driven  to  lie  all  night 
in  the  Woods,  not  knowing  the  way  home  thorow  the 
thicke  rubbish,  as  also  the  weather  somewhat  stormie. 
The  want  of  these  sorrowed  us  much,  as  not  able  to 
conjecture  any  thing  of  them  unlesse  very  evill. 

The  twelfth,  those  two  came  unto  us  againe,  whereat 

312 


BARTHOLOMEW  GOSNOLD  a.d. 

1602. 

our  joy  was  encreased,  yet  the  want  of  our  Captaine, 

that  promised  to  returne,  as  aforesaid,  strooke  us  in  a 

dumpish  terrour,  for  that  hee  performed  not  the  same 

in  tne  space  of  almost  three  dayes.     In  the  meane  wee 

sustayned  our  selves  with  Alexander  and  Sorrell  pottage, 

Groimd-nuts  and  Tobacco,  which  gave  nature  a  reasonable 

content.     Wee  heard  at  last,  our  Captaine  to  lewre  unto 

us,  which  made  such  musike  as  sweeter  never  came  unto 

poore  men- 

The  thirteenth,  beganne  some  of  our  companie  that 
before  vowed  to  stay,  to  make  revolt:  whereupon  the 
planters  diminishing,  all  was  given  over.  The  fourteenth, 
fifteenth,  and  sixteenth  wee  spent  in  getting  Sasafrage  and 
fire-wood  of  Cedar,  leaving  House  and  little  Fort  by  ten 
men  in  nineteene  dayes  sufficient  made  to  harbour  twenty 
persons  at  least  with  their  necessarv  provision. 

The  seventeenth,  we  set  sayle,  doubling  the  Rockes  of 
Elizabeths  Iland,  and  passing  by  Dover  Cliffe,  came  to  [IV.  viii. 
anchor  at  Marthaes  Vineyard  being  five  leagues  distant  i^S^O 

from  our  Fort,  where  we  went  ashoare,  and  had  young 
Cranes,  Herneshowes,  and  Geese,  which  now  were  growne 
to  pretie  bignesse. 

The  eighteenth,  we  set  sayle  and  bore  for  England,  Rnume. 
cutting  off  our  Shalop,  that  was  well  able  to  land  five  and 
twenty  men,  or  more,  a  Boate  very  necessary  for  the  like 
occasions.  The  winds  doe  raigne  most  commonly  upon 
this  coast  in  the  Summer  time.  Westerly.  In  our  home- 
ward course  wee  observed  the  foresaid  fleeting  weeds  to 
continue  till  we  came  within  two  hundred  leagues  of 
Europe. 

The  three  and  twentieth  of  July  we  came  to  anchor 
before  Exmouth. 


[Chap.  XL 
313 


A.D. 
1602. 


Oakes, 
Cedarsy 
Beechy  Elme^ 
Home,  Wal' 
nut  trees, 
Cherrii  trees. 


Sassafras 
trees. 

Divers  other 
trees. 


A  Lake  three 
miles  about. 


Sma/Tortoises. 
Abundance  of 
finales,  much 
bigger  than 
ours  in 
England. 


Ground-nuts. 


SheUfish. 


PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

Chap.  XI. 
Notes  of  the  same  Voyage  taken  out  of  a  Tractate 
written  by  James  Rosier  to  Sir  Walter  Raleigh, 
and  of  Maces  Voyage  to  Virginia. 

Lizabeths  Iland  is  fiiU  of  high  timbred 
Oakes,  their  leaves  thrice  so  broad  as 
ours;  Cedars,  straight  and  tall;  Beech, 
Elme,  HoUie,  Wal-nut  trees  in  abundance, 
the  fruit  as  bigge  as  ours,  as  appeared  by 
those  wee  found  under  the  trees,  idiich 
had  lien  all  the  yeere  ungathered ;  Hasle- 
nut  trees,  Cherrie  trees,  the  leafe,  barke  and  bignesse  not 
differing  from  ours  in  England,  but  the  stalke  beareth 
the  blossomes  or  fruit  at  the  end  thereof,  like  a  cluster 
of  Grapes,  fortie  or  fifrie  in  a  bunch;  Sassafras  trees 
great  plentie  all  the  Iland  over,  a  tree  of  high  price  and 
profit ;  also  divers  other  fruit-trees,  some  oT  them  with 
strange  barkes,  of  an  Orange  colour,  in  feeling  soft  and 
smooth  like  Velvet :  in  the  thickest  parts  of  these  Woods, 
you  may  see  a  furlong  or  more  round  about. 

On  the  North-west  side  of  this  Iland,  nccre  to  the  Sea- 
side, is  a  standing  Lake  of  fresh  water,  almost  three 
English  miles  in  compasse,  in  the  midst  whereof  stands  a 
woody  ground,  an  acre  in  quantitie,  or  not  above:  this 
Lake  is  mil  of  small  Tortoises,  and  exceedingly  frequented 
with  all  sorts  of  fowles  before  rehearsed,  which  breed, 
some  lowe  on  the  bankes,  and  others  on  lowe  trees  about 
this  Lake  in  great  abundance,  whose  young  ones  of  all 
sorts  wee  tooke  and  eate  at  oiu-  pleasure :  but  all  these 
fowles  are  much  bigger  than  ours  in  England.  Also,  in 
every  Iland,  and  almost  every  part  of  every  Iland,  are 
great  store  of  Ground-nuts  fortie  together  on  a  string, 
some  of  them  as  bigge  as  Hennes  egges ;  they  growe  not 
two  inches  under  ground :  the  which  Nuts  wee  found  to 
bee  as  good  as  Potatoes.  Also,  divers  sorts  of  shell-fish, 
as  Scalops,  Mussels,  Cockles,  Lobsters,  Crabs,  Oisters, 
and  Wilkes,  exceeding  good  and  very  great.     But  not 

3M 


JOHN  BRERETON  a.d. 

1602. 
to  cloy  you  with  particular  rehearsaU  of  such  things  as 
God  and  Nature  hath  bestowed  on  these  places,  in  com* 
parison  whereof,  the  most  fertile  part  of  all  England  is 
(of  it  selfe)  but  barren ;  wee  went  in  our  Light-horsman 
from  this  Hand  to  the  Maine,  right  ag;ainst  this  Hand 
some  two  miles  oiF,  where  comming  ashoare,  wee  stood 
a  while  like  men  ravished  at  the  beautie  and  delicacy  of  Theexcnding 
this   sweet   soyle;    for   besides  divers  cleere  Lakes  of  ^^^^^J'J 
fresh  water  (whereof  wee  saw  no  end)  Medowes  very  large^  q^.^^^  i^j^/^ 
and  fiill  of  greene  grasse ;  even  the  most  wooddy  places  Large 
(I  speake  onely  of  such  as  I  saw)  doe  growc  so  distinct  Medows. 
and  apart,  one  tree  from  another,  upon  greene  grassie 
ground,  somewhat  higher  than  the  Pkines,  as  if  Nature 
would  shew  her  sclfc  above  her  power,  artificiall.     Hard 
by,  wee  espied  seven  Indians,  and  comming  up  to  them,  Sevenlndiam, 
at  first  they  expressed  some  feare ;  but  being  emboldned 
by  our  courteous  usage,  and  some  trifles  which  we  gave 
them,  thev  followed  us  to  a  necke  of  Land,  which  wee 
imagined  nad  beene  severed  from  the  Mayne ;  but  finding 
it  otherwise,  wee  perceived  a  broad  Harbour  or  Rivers  Abroad 
mouth,  which  came  up  into  the  Mayne :  and  because  the  ^'^^^^^ 
day  was  farre  spent,  we  were  forced  to  returne  to  the  Hand 
from  whence  we  came,  leaving  the  Discovery  of  this 
Harbour,  for  a  time  of  better  leisure.     Of  the  goodnesse 
of  which  Harbour,  as  also  of  many  others  thereabouts,  A  ff>od 
there  is  small  doubt,  considering  that  all  the  Hands,  as  ^^^^'^^ 
also  the  Maine  (where  wee  wer^  is  all  Rockie  Grounds 
and  broken  Lands. 

Now  the  next  day,  wee  determined  to  fortifie  our  selves 
in  a  little  plot  of  ground  in  the  middest  of  the  Lake 
above  mentioned,  wnere  wee  built  an  house,  and  covered  TA^  EngM 
it  with   sedge,   which  grew  about   this  Lake  in  great  ^^'"^' 
abundance ;  in  building  whereof,  wee  spent  three  weekes 
and  more:  but  the  second  day  after  our  comming  from 
the  Maine,  wee  espied  eleven  Canoas  or  Boats,  with  fifty  ^^]^f^ 
Indians  in  them,  comming  toward  us  from  this  part  of  indUmin 
the  Maine,  where  wee  two  dayes  before  landed ;  and  being  them. 
loath  they  should  discover  our  fortification,  wee  went  out 

315 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 

into  the  Sea  side  to  meete  them ;  and  comming  somewhat 
neere  them,  they  all  sate  downe  upon  the  stones,  calling 
aloud  to  us  (as  wee  rightly  ghessed)  to  doe  the  like,  a 
little  distance  from  them:  having  sate  a  while  in  this 
order,  Captaine  Gosnold  willed  mee  to  goe  unto  them, 
to  see  what  countenance  they  would  make ;  but  as  soone 
as  I  came  up  unto  them,  one  of  them,  to  whom  I  had 
given  a  Knire  two  daves  before  in  the  Maine,  knew  mcc 
(whom  I  also  very  well  remembred)  and  smiling  upon  me, 
Thiir  spake  somewhat  unto  their  Lord  or  Captaine,  which  sate 

Captain.  {^  ^he  midst  of  them,  who  presently  rose  up  and  tooke  a 
large  Bever  skinne  from  one  that  stood  about  him,  and 
[IV.  viii.  gave  it  unto  me,  which  I  requited  for  that  time  the  best 
1652.]  I  could:  but  I,  pointing  towards  captaine  Gosnold,  made 
signes  unto  him,  that  hee  was  our  Captaine,  and  desirous 
to  bee  his  friend,  and  enter  league  with  him,  which  (as  I 
perceived)  he  understood,  and  made  signes  of  joy :  where- 
upon Captaine  Gosnold,  with  the  rest  of  his  companie, 
being  twenty  in  all,  came  up  unto  them ;  and  after  many 
signes  of  gratulations  (Captaine  Gosnold  presenting  their 
Lord  with  certaine  trifles  which  they  wondred  at,  and 
highly  esteemed)  wee  became  very  great  friends,  and  sent 
for  meat  aboord  our  Shalop,  and  gave  them  such  meates 
as  wee  had  then  ready  dressed,  whereof  they  misliked 
nothing^  but  our  Mustard,  whereat  they  made  many  a 
sowre  lace.  While  wee  were  thus  merrie,  one  of  them 
had  conveighed  a  Target  of  ours  into  one  of  their  Canoas, 
which  wee  suffered,  onely  to  trie  whether  they  were  in 
subjection  to  this  Lord,  to  whom  we  made  signes  (by 
shewing  him  another  of  the  same  likenesse,  and  pointing 
to  the  Canoa)  what  one  of  his  companie  had  done :  who 
suddenly  expressed  some  feare,  and  speaking  angerly  to 
one  about  him  (as  wee  perceived  by  his  countenance) 
caused  it  presently  to  be  brought  backe  againe.  So  the 
Several  sorts  of  rest  of  the  day  wee  spent  in  trading  with  them  for  Furrcs, 
Furres.  which  are  Beavers,  Luzernes,  Marterns,  Otters,  Wilde-at 

skinnes,  very  large  and  deepe  Fiure,  blacke  Foxes,  Conie 
skinnes,  of  the  colour  of  our  Hares,  but  somewhat  lesse, 

316 


JOHN   BRBRETON  a.d. 

1602. 
Deere  skinnes  very  large,  Seale  skinnes,  and  other  beasts 
skinnes,  to  us  unknowne. 

They  have  also  great  store  of  Copper,  some  very  red,  Red  Coffer  in 
and  some  of  a  paler  colour ;  none  of  them  but  haveChaines,  ahmdance, 
Eare-rings,  or  Collars  of  this  metall :  they  head  some  of 
their  Arrowes  herewith  much  like  our  broad  Arrow  heads, 
very  workmanly  made.     Their  Chaines  are  many  hollow  Ckaines. 
pieces  semented  together,  each  piece  of  the  bignesse  of 
one  of  our  reeds,  a  finger  in  length,  ten  or  twelve  of 
them  together  on  a  string,  which  riiey  weare  about  their 
neckes:  their  Collars  they  weare  about  their  bodies  like  Collars. 
Bandelieres  a  handfull  broad,  all  hollow  pieces,  like  the 
other,  but  somewhat  shorter,  foiure  hundred  pieces  in  a 
Collar,  very  fine  and  evenly  set  together.     Besides  these, 
they  have  large  drinking  Cups  maoe  like  Sculls,  and  other  Drinking  cups 
thinne  plates  of  Copper,  made  much  like  our  Boare-speare  rf  Copper, 
blades,  all  which  they  so  little  esteeme,  as  they  offered 
their  fairest  Collars  and  Chaines  for  a  Knife,  or  such  like 
trifle,  but  wee  seemed  little  to  regard  it;  yet   I  was 
desirous  to  understand  where  they  had  such  store  of  this 
mettall,  and  made  signes  to  one  of  them  (with  whom  I 
was  very  familiar)  who  taking  a  piece  of  copper  in  his  Mines  of 
hand,  made  a  hole  with  his  finger  in  the  ground,  and  Copper. 
withall  pointed  to  the  Maine  from  whence  they  came. 
They  strike  fire  in  this  manner ;  every  one  carrieth  about 
him  in  a  Purse  of  tewd  Leather,  a  Minerall  stone  (which  Mineral 
I  take  to  be  their  Copper)  and  with  a  flat  Emerie  stone  ^"^^ 
(wherewith  Glasiers  cut  glasse,  and  Cutlers  glasc  blades)     ^^^  ^^^^' 
tied  fast  to  the  end  of  a  little  sticke,  gently  hee  striketh 
upon  the  Minerall  stone,  and  within  a  stroke  or  two,  a 
sparke  faUeth  upon  a  piece  of  Touch-wood  (much  like  our 
Spunge  in  England)  and  with  the  least  sparke  he  maketh 
a  fire  presently.     Wee  had  also  of  their  Flaxe,  wherewith  ^^*^- 
they  make  many  strings  and  cords,  but  it  is  not  so  bright 
of  colour  as  ours  in  England :  I  am  perswaded  they  have 
store  growing  upon  the  Maine,  as  also  Mines,  and  many 
other  rich  commodities,  which  we,  wanting  both  time  and 
meanes  could  not  possibly  discover. 

3x7 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1602. 

Thus  they  continued  with  us  three  dayes,  evoy  night 
retiring  themselves  to  the  furthermost  part  of  our  Iland 
two  or  three  miles  from  our  Fort:  but  the  fourth  day 
they  returned  to  the  Maine,  pointing  five  or  sixe  times 
to  the  Sunne,  and  once  to  the  Maine,  which  we  under- 
stood, that  within  five  or  sixe  dayes  they  would  come  from 
the  Maine  to  us  againe :  but  being  in  their  Canoas  a  little 
from  the  shoare,  they  made  huge  cries  and  shouts  of  joy 
unto  us,  and  wee  with  our  Trumpet  and  Cornet,  and  casting 
up  our  caps  into  the  aire,  made  them  the  best  farewell  wee 
could :  yet  sixe  or  seven  of  them  remayned  with  us 
behinde,  bearing  us  companie  every  day  in  the  Woods, 
Indians  apt      ^^^   helped   US   to   cut   and   carrie   our    Sassafras,  and 

Sass^as!        ^^"^®  ^^  ^^^"^  ^^Y  ^^^^^^  ^^^  ship. 

A  gooJ/y  These  people  as  they  are  exceeding  curteous,  gentle  of 

people^  and  of  disposition,  and  well  conditioned,  excelline^  all  others  that 

S^ , .  we  have  seene ;  so  for  shape  of  body  and  lovely  favour,  I 

cmdiims.        thinke  they  excell  all  the  people  of  America;   of  stature 

much  higher  than  wee;   of  complexion  or  colour,  much 

like  a  darke  Olive;    their  eye-browes  and  haire  blacke, 

which  they  weare  long,  tyed  up  behinde  in  knots,  whereon 

they  pricke  feathers  of  fowles,  in  fashion  of  a  Crownet: 

some  of  them  are  blacke  thinne  bearded;    they  make 

beards  of  the  haire  of  beasts:  and  one  of  them  offered 

a  beard  of  their  making  to  one  of  our  Saylers,  for  his  that 

grew  on  his  face,  whidi  because  it  was  of  a  red  colour, 

they  judged  to  be  none  of  his  owne-     They  are  quickc 

eyed,  and  stedfast  in  their  lookes,  fearelesse  of  others 

harmes,   as   intending   none   themselves;   some   of  the 

meaner  sort  given  to  filching,  which  the  very  name  of 

Savages  (not  weighing  their  ignorance  in  ^ood  or  evill) 

Their  may  easily  excuse :  their  garments  are  of  Deere  skinnes, 

apparilL         ^^^  some  of  them  weare  Furres  round  and  close  about 

their  neckes.     They  pronounce  our  Language  with  great 

facilitie;   for  one  of  them  one  day  sitting  by  mee,  upon 

occasion  I  spake  smiling  to  him  these  words :  How  now, 

sirrha,  are  you  so  sawcy  with  my  Tobacco  ?   which  words 

(without  any  further  repetition)  he  suddenly  spake  so 

3x8 


JOHN  BRERETON  ad. 

1602. 
plaine  and  distinctly,  as  if  hec  had  beene  a  long  Scholer 
in  the  Language.  Many  other  such  trials  wee  had,  which 
are  here  needlesse  to  repeat.  Their  women  (such  as  wee  Their  women. 
saw)  which  were  but  three  in  all,  were  but  lowe  of  stature, 
their  eyc-browes,  haire,  apparell,  and  manner  of  wearing, 
like  to  the  men,  fat,  and  very  well-favoured,  and  muoi 
delighted  in  oiu:  companie;  the  men  are  very  dutiful! 
towards  them.  And  truly,  the  wholsonmesse  and  tempera- 
ture of  this  Climate,  doth  not  onely  argue  this  people  to 
be  answerable  to  this  description,  but  also  of  a  perfect 
constitution  of  body,  active  strong,  healthfuU,  and  very 
witty,  as  the  sundry  toyes  of  theirs  cunningly  wrought, 
may  easily  witnesse.  ThiSH^msse 

For  the  agreeing  of  this  Climate  with  us  (I  speake  of  ofthi  CUmat. 
my  selfe,  and  so  I  may  justly  doe  for  the  rest  of  our  com-  [IV.  viii. 
panie)  that  we  found  our  health  and  strength  all  the  while  ^^53-] 

we  remayned  there,  so  to  renew  and  encrease,  as  notwith- 
standing our  diet  and  lodging  was  none  of  the  best,  yet 
not  one  of  our  companie  (God  be  thanked)  felt  the  least 
grudging  or  inclination  to  any  disease  or  sicknesse,  but 
were  much  fatter,  and  in  better  health  than  when  we  went 
out  of  England :  but  after  our  Barke  had  taken  in  so  much 
Sassafras,  Cedar,  Furres,  Skinnes,  and  other  commodities, 
as  were  thought  convenient ;  some  of  our  companie  that 
had  promised  Captaine  Gosnold  to  stay,  having  nothing 
but  a  saving  voyage  in  their  mindes,  made  our  companie 
of  Inhabitants  (which  was  small  enough  before)  much 
smaller ;  so  as  Captaine  Gosnold  seeing  his  whole  strength 
to  consist  but  of  twelve  men,  and  they  but  meanly  pro- 
vided, determined  to  returne  for  England,  leaving  this  Their  retume. 
Iland  (which  he  called  Elizabeths  Hand)  with  as  many  true 
sorrowfull  eyes,  as  were  before  desirous  to  see  it.  So  the 
eighteenth  of  June,  being  Friday,  we  weighed,  and  with 
indifferent  faire  winde  and  weather  came  to  anchor  the 
three  and  twentieth  of  July,  being  also  Friday  (in  all,  bare 
five  weekes)  before  Exmouth. 

Your  Lordships  to  command. 

John  Brerbton. 
319 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1602. 

A  briefe  Note  of  such  commodities  as  we  saw  in 
the  Countrie,  notwithstanding  our  small  time 
of  stay. 

TRees.  Sassafras  trees,  the  roots  whereof  at  three 
shillings  the  pound  are  three  hundred  thirty  sixe 
pound  the  tunne.  Cedars  tall  and  straight,  in  great 
abundance;  Cypres  trees,  Oakes,  Wal-nut  trees  great 
store,  Elmes,  Beech,  HoUie,  Hasle-nut  trees,  Chcrrie 
trees.  Cotton  trees,  and  other  fruit-trees  to  us  unknowoe. 
The  finder  of  our  Sassafras  in  these  parts,  was  one  Master 
Robert  Meriton. 

Fowles.  Eagles,  Hernshawes,  Cranes,  Bitters,  Mal- 
lards, Teales,  Geese,  Pengwins,  Ospreis  and  Hawkes, 
Crowes,  Ravens,  Mewes,  Doves,  Sea-pies,  Black-birds 
with  carnation  wine;s. 

Beasts.  Deere  in  great  store,  very  great  and  large; 
Beares,  Luzernes,  blacke  Foxes,  Beavers,  Otters,  Wilde- 
cats  very  large  and  great,  Dogs  like  Foxes,  blacke  and 
sharpe  nosed;   Conies. 

Fruits,  Plants,  and  Herbes.  Tabacco,  excellent  sweet 
and  strong ;  Vines  more  plenty  than  in  France,  Ground- 
nuts, good  meate  and  also  medicinable ;  Strawberries, 
Rasp-berries,  Gooseberries,  Hurtleberries,  Pease  growing 
naturally,  Flaxe,  Iris-Florentina,  whereof  Apothecaries 
make  sweet  balls ;  Sorrell,  and  many  other  heroes  where- 
with they  made  Sallets. 

Fishes.  Whales,  Tortoises,  both  on  Land  and  Sea; 
Scales,  Cods,  Mackerel!,  Breames,  Herrings,  Thornbacke, 
Hakes,  Rock-fish,  Dog-fish,  Lobsters,  Crabbes,  Mussels, 
Wilkes,  Cockles,  Scallops,  Oysters. 

Snakes  foure  foot  in  length,  and  sixe  inches  about, 
which  the  Indians  eate  for  dainty  meate,  the  skiones 
whereof  they  use  for  girdles. 

Colours  to  die  with,  red,  white,  and  blacke. 

Mettals,  and  Stones.  Copper  in  great  abundance, 
Emerie  stones,  for  Glasiers  and  Cutlers,  Alabaster  very 
white.  Stones  glittering  an  J  shining  like  Minerall  stones; 

320 


SAMUEL    MACE  a.d. 

1602. 

Stones  of  a  blue  mettaUine  colour,  which  we  take  to  bee 
Steele  oare ;  Stones  of  all  sorts  for  buildings ;  Clay,  red 
and  white,  which  may  prove  good  Terra  Sigilkta. 

A  briefe  Note  of  the  sending  another  Barque  this 
present  yeere  1602.  by  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  for 
the  searching  out  of  his  Colonic  in  Virginia. 

SAmuel  Mace  of  Weimouth,  a  very  sufficient  Mariner, 
an  honest  sober  man,  who  had  beene  at  Virginia  twice 
before,  was  employed  thither  by  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  to 
finde  those  people  which  were  lert  there  in  the  yeere  1587. 
To  whose  succour  he  hath  sent  five  severaU  times  at  his 
owne  charges.  The  parties  by  him  set  forth,  performed 
nothing ;  some  of  them  following  their  owne  profit  else- 
where; others  returning  with  frivolous  allegations.  At 
this  last  time,  to  avoide  all  excuse,  hee  bought  a  Barke, 
and  hired  all  the  companie  for  wages  by  tne  moneth : 
who  departing  from  Weimouth  in  March  last,  1602.  fell 
fortie  leagues  to  the  South-westward  of  Hataraske,  in 
34.  degrees  or  therabout;  and  having  there  spent  a 
moneth;  when  they  came  along  the  coast  to  seeke  the 
people,  they  did  it  not,  pretending  that  the  extremitie  of 
weather,  and  losse  of  some  principall  ground-tackle,  forced 
and  feared  them  from  searching  the  Port  of  Hataraske, 
to  which  they  were  sent.  From  that  place  where  they 
abode,  they  brought  Sassafras,  Radix  Chmae,  or  the  China 
Root,  Benjamin,  Cassia  lignea  and  a  rind  of  a  tree  more 
strong  than  any  Spice  as  yet  unknowne,  with  divers  other 
commodities,  which  hereafter  in  a  larger  discourse  may 
come  to  light. 


[Chap.  XII. 
xvin  321  X 


A.D. 
1603. 

[IV.  viii. 

1654.] 


Af .  Salteme 
yet  Rveth 
neither  is  his 
zeale  dead  to 
this  action.  He 
is  now  a 
Minister  and 
hath  both  by 
word  and 
writing  to  mee 
testified  his 
affection  to 
Virginia, 
M,  Pring 
whose  Voyage 
to  the  East 
Indies  are  in 
the  former 
Tome. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Chap.  XII. 

A  Voyage  set  out  from  the  Citie  of  Bristoll  at  the 
charge  of  the  chiefest  Merchants  and  Inhabi- 
tants of  the  said  Citie  with  a  small  Ship  and 
a  Barke  for  the  discoverie  of  the  North  part 
of  Virginia,  in  the  yeere  1603.  ^^der  the 
command  of  me  Martin  Fringe. 

Pen  many  probable  and  reasonable  induce- 
ments, used  unto  sundry  of  the  chiefest 
Merchants  of  Bristoll,  by  Master  Richard 
Hakluyt  Prebendary  of  Saint  Augustines 
the  Cathedrall  Church  of  the  said  Citie, 
after  divers  meetings  and  due  consulta- 
tion they  resolved  to  set  forth  a  Voyage 
for  the  farther  Discoverie  of  the  North  part  of  Virginia. 
And  first  they  sent  the  said  Master  Hakluyt  accompanied 
with  one  Master  John  Angell,  and  Master  Robert  Saltern 
(which  had  beene  in  the  said  Discoverie  the  yeere  before 
with  Captaine  Bartholomew  Gosnold)  to  obtaine  permis- 
sion of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  (which  had  a  most  ample 
Patent  of  all  those  parts  from  Queene  Elizabeth)  to  enter- 
meddle  and  deale  in  that  action.  Leave  being  obtained 
of  him  under  his  hand  and  Scale,  they  speedily  prepared 
a  small  ship  called  the  Speed-well  in  burthen  about  fiftie 
tunnes,  manning  the  same  with  some  thirtie  men  and 
Boyes,  wherein  went  for  Master  and  chiefe  Commander  in 
the  Voyage  one  Martin  Pring,  a  man  very  sufficient  for 
his  place,  and  Edmund  Jones  his  Mate,  and  Robert 
Salterne  above  mentioned,  as  their  chiefe  Agent,  with  a 
Barke  called  the  Discoverer,  of  six  and  twentie  tunnes 
or  thereabout,  wherein  went  for  Master  William  Browne, 
and  Samuell  Kirkland  his  Mate,  both  good  and  skilfuU 
Mariners,  being  thirteene  men  and  a  Boy  in  all  in  that 
Barke.  The  aforesaid  ship  and  Barke  were  plentifully 
victualled  for  eight  monethes,  and  furnished  with  slight 
Merchandizes  thought  fit  to  trade  with  the  people  of  the 

322 


MARTIN   PRING  a.d. 

1603. 
Countrey,  as  Hats  of  divers  coloiirs,  greene,  blue  and 
yellow,  apparell  of  coarse  Kersie  and  Ginyasse  readie  made, 
Stockings  and  Shooes,  Sawes,  Pick-axes,  Spades  and 
Shovels,  Axes,  Hatchets,  Hookes,  Knives,  Sizzers, 
Hammers,  Nailes,  Chissels,  Fish-hookes,  Bels,  Beades, 
Bugles,  Looking-glasses,  Thimbles,  Pinnes,  Needles, 
Threed,  and  such  like.  They  set  saile  from  Kingrode 
the  twentieth  day  of  March. 

We  set  saile  from  Milford  Haven  (where  the  winds 
had  stayed  us  a  fortnight,  in  which  space  we  heard  of 
Queene  Elizabeths  death)  the  tenth  of  Aprill  1603.     In  JpHl  10,    . 
our  course  we  passed  by  the  lies  of  the  Azores,  had  first  J6o3» 
sight  of  the  Pike,  and  afterward  of  the  Hand  of  Cnerno  and 
Flores,  and  after  we  had  runne  some  five  hundred  leagues, 
we  fell  with  a  multitude  of  small  Hands  on  the  North  TJ^  discover 
Coast  of  Virginia,  in  the  latitude  of  43.  degrees,  the  ^^y  /^^. 

of  June,  which  Hands  wee  found  very  pleasant  to  behold, 
adorned  with  goodly  grasse  and  sundry  sorts  of  Trees,  as 
Cedars,  Spruce,  Pines,  and  Firre-trees.  Heere  wee  found 
an  excellent  fishing  for  Cods,  which  are  better  then  those  Goodfshing 
of  New-found-land,  and  withall  we  saw  good  and  Rockie  P^^^^- 
ground  fit  to  drie  them  upon :  also  we  see  no  reason  to 
the  contrary,  but  that  Salt  may  bee  made  in  these  parts,  a 
matter  of  no  small  importance.  We  sayled  to  the  South- 
west end  of  these  Hands,  and  there  rode  with  our  ships 
under  one  of  the  greatest.  One  of  them  we  named  Foxe  Foxe  lland. 
Hand,  because  we  found  those  kind  of  beasts  thereon. 
So  passing  through  the  rest  with  our  Boates  to  the  mayne 
Land,  which  lieth  for  a  good  space  North-east  and  South- 
west, we  found  very  safe  riding  among  them,  in  sixe, 
seven,  eight,  ten  and  twelve  fathomes.  At  length  com- 
ming  to  the  Mayne  in  the  latitude  of  43.  degrees  and  an 
halfe,  we  ranged  the  same  to  the  South-west,  In  which 
course  we  found  foure  Inlets,  the  most  Easterly  whereof 
was  barred  at  the  mouth,  but  having  passed  over  the  barre, 
wee  ranne  up  into  it  five  miles,  and  for. a  certaine  space 
found  very  good  depth,  and  comming  out  againe,  as  we 
sailed  South-westward,  wee  lighted  upon  two  other  Inlets, 

323 


A.D. 
1603. 


Savage  Rocki, 

PiOpk, 

Gnat  Gulfi, 


Whiuon  Bay. 


M.  Aldw9rth, 
[IV.  viii. 

1655.] 


Tki  people 
visit  them. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

which  upon  our  search  wc  found  to  pierce  not  farre  into 
the  Land,  the  fourth  and  most  Westerly  was  the  best, 
which  we  rowed  up  ten  or  twelve  miles. 

In  all  these  places  we  foimd  no  people,  but  signes  of 
fires  where  they  had  beene.  Howbeit  we  beheld  very 
goodly  Groves  and  Woods  replenished  with  tall  Okes, 
Seeches,  Pine-trees,  Firre-trees,  Hasels,  Wich-hascls  and 
Maples.  We  saw  here  also  sundry  sorts  of  Beasts,  as 
Stags,  Deere,  Beares,  Wolves,  Foxes,  Lusemes,  and 
Dogges  with  sharpe  noses.  But  meeting  with  no  Sassafras, 
we  left  these  places  with  all  the  foresaid  Hands,  shaping 
our  course  for  Savage  Rocke,  discovered  the  yecre  before 
by  Captaine  Gosnold,  where  going  upon  the  Mayne  we 
found  people,  with  whom  we  had  no  long  conversation, 
because  here  also  we  could  find  no  Sassafras.  Departing 
hence  we  bare  into  that  gre^t  Gulfe  which  Captaine 
Gosnold  over-shot  the  yeere  before,  coasting  and  finding 
people  on  the  North  side  thereof.  Not  yet  satisfied  in  our 
expectation,  we  left  them  and  sailed  over,  and  came  to  an 
Anchor  on  the  South  side  in  the  latitude  of  41.  degrees 
and  odde  minutes :  where  we  went  on  Land  in  a  certaine 
Bay,  which  we  called  Whitson  Bay,  by  the  name  of  the 
Worshipful!  Master  John  Whitson  then  Maior  of  the 
Citie  or  BristoU,  and  one  of  the  chiefe  Adventurers,  and 
finding  a  pleasant  Hill  thereunto  adjoyning,  wee  called  it 
Mount  Aidworth,  for  Master  Robert  Aldworths  sake  a 
chiefe  furtherer  of  the  Voyage,  aswell  with  his  Purse  as 
with  his  travell.  Here  we  had  sufificient  quantitie  of 
Sassafras. 

At  our  going  on  shore,  upon  view  of  the  people  and 
sight  of  the  pkce,  wee  thought  it  convenient  to  make  a 
smaU  baricado  to  keepe  diligent  watch  and  ward  in,  for 
the  advertizement  and  succour  of  our  men,  while  they 
should  worke  in  the  Woods.  During  our  abode  on  shore, 
the  people  of  the  Countrey  came  to  our  men  sometimes 
ten,  twentie,  fortie  or  threescore,  and  at  one  time  one 
hundred  and  twentie  at  once.  We  used  them  kindly, 
and  gave  them  divers  sorts  of  our  meanest  Merchandize. 

324 


MARTIN   PRING 

They  did  eat  Pease  and  Beanes  with  o\ir  men.     Their 
owne  victuals  were  most  of  fish. 

We  had  a  youth  in  our  company  that  could  play  upon 
a  Gitterne,  in  whose  homely  Musicke  they  tooke  great 
delight,  and  would  give  him  many  things,  as  Tobacco, 
Tobacco-pipes,  Snakes  skinnes  of  sixe  foot  long,  which 


A.D. 

1603. 


T/ie  Savages 
take  great 
deUgkt  in 
musick. 


Dances, 


they  use  for  Girdles,  Fawnes  skinnes,  and  such  like,  and 
danced  twentie  in  a  Ring,  and  the  Gitterne  in  the  middest 
of  them,  using  many  Savage  gestures,  singing  Jo,  Ja,  Jo, 
Ja,  Ja,  Jo :  him  that  first  brake  the  ring,  the  rest  would 
knocke  and  cry  out  upon.  Some  few  of  them  had  plates 
of  Brasse  a  foot  long,  and  halfe  a  foote  broad  before  their 
breasts.  Their  weapons  are  Bowes  of  five  or  sixe  foot  Weapms, 
long  of  Wich-hasell,  painted  blacke  and  yellow,  the  strings 
of  three  twists  of  sinewes,  bigger  then  our  Bow-strings, 
Their  Arrowes  are  of  a  yard  and  an  handfull  long  not 
made  of  Reeds,  but  of  a  fine  light  wood  very  smooth  and 
round  with  three  long  and  deepe  blacke  feathers  of  some 
Eagle,  Vulture,  or  Kite,  as  closely  fastened  with  some 
binding  matter,  as  any  Fletcher  of  ours  can  glue  them  on. 
Their  Quivers  are  full  a  yard  long,  made  of  long  dried 
Rushes  wrought  about  two  handfuls  broad  above,  and  one 
handfull  beneath  with  prettie  workes  and  compartiments, 
Diamant  wise  of  red  and  other  colours. 

We  carried  with  us  from  BristoU  two  excellent  Mastives, 
of  whom  the  Indians  were  more  afraid,  then  of  twentie 
of  our  men.  One  of  these  Mastives  would  carrie  a  halfe 
Pike  in  his  mouth.  And  one  Master  Thomas  Bridges  a 
Gentleman  of  our  company  accompanied  only  with  one  of 
these  Dogs,  and  passed  sixe  miles  alone  in  the  Countrey 
having  lost  his  fellowes,  and  returned  safely.  And  when 
we  would  be  rid  of  the  Savages  company  wee  would  let 
loose  the  Mastives,  and  suddenly  with  out-cryes  they 
would  flee  away.  These  people  in  colour  are  inclined  to 
a  swart,  tawnie,  or  Chestnut  colour,  not  by  nature  but 
accidentally,  and  doe  weare  their  haire  brayded  in  foure 
parts,  and  trussed  up  about  their  heads  with  a  small  knot 
behind :  in  which  haire  of  theirs  they  sticke  many  feathers  Ornaments. 

325 


The  great  use 
of  Mastives, 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

and  toycs  for  bravcrie  and  pleasure.     They  cover  their 

privities  only  with  a  piece  of  leather  drawne  betwixt  their 

twists  and  nistened  to  their  Girdles  behind  and  before: 

whereunto  they  hang  their  bags  of  Tobacco.     They  seeme 

to  bee  somewhat  jealous  of  meir  women,  for  we  saw  not 

past  two  of  them,  who  weare  Aprons  of  Leather  skins 

before  them  downe  to  the  knees,  and  a  Beares  skinne  like 

an  Irish  Mantle  over  one  shoulder.     The  men  are  of 

stature  somewhat  taller  then  oiir  ordinary  people,  strong, 

swift,  well  proportioned,  and  given  to  treacherie,  as  in  the 

end  we  perceived. 

Thi  fashion  of      Their  Boats,  whereof  we  brouj^ht  one  to  Bristol!,  were 

their  Boats,      j^  proportion  like  a  Wherrie  of  the  River  of  Thames, 

seventeene  foot  long  and  foure  foot  broad,  made  of  the 

Barke  of  a  Birch-tree,  farre  exceeding  in  bignesse  those  of 

England :  it  was  sowed  together  with  strong  and  tough 

Excellent        Oziers  or  twigs,  and  the  seames  covered  over  with  Rozen 

Tn^Tu^-    or  Turpentine  little  inferiour  in  sweetnesse  to  Frank- 

^Hne.  *  incense,  as  we  made  triaU  by  burning  a  little  thereof  on 

the  coales  at  sundry  times  after  our  comming  home :  it 

was  also  open  like  a  Wherrie,  and  sharpe  at  both  ends, 

saving  that  the  beake  was  a  little  bending  roundly  upward. 

And  though  it  carried  nine  men  standing  upright,  yet  it 

weighed  not  at  the  most  above  sixtie  pounds  m  weight, 

a  thing  almost  incredible  in  regard  of  the  largenesse  and 

capacitie  thereof.     Their  Oares  were  flat  at  the  end  like 

an  Oven  peele,  made  of  Ash  or  Maple  very  light  and 

strong,  about  two  yards  long,  wherewith  they  row  very 

swiftly:   Passing  up  a  River  we  saw  certaine  Cottages 

together,  abandoned  by  the  Savages,  and  not  farre  off  we 

Their  Gar-     beheld  their  Gardens  and  one  among  the  rest  of  an  Acre 

dens  Come      of  ground,  and  in  the  same  was  sowne  Tobacco,  Pompions, 

and  plants,      Cowcumbers  and  such  like;  and  some  of  the  people  had 

Maiz  or  Indian  Wheate  among  them.     In  the  fields  we 

found  wild  Pease,   Strawberries  very  faire  and   bigge, 

Goose-berries,  Raspices,  Hiirts,  and  other  wild  fruits. 

Having  spent  three  Weekes  upon  the  Coast  before  we 
came  to  this  place  where  we  meant  to  stay  &  take  in  our 

326 


MARTIN   PRING  ad. 

1603. 
lading,  according  to  our  instructions  given  us  in  charge 
before  our  setting  forth,  we  pared  and  digged  up  the  Earth 
with  shovels,  and  sowed  Wheate,  Barley,  Oates,  Pease,  and 
sundry  sorts  of  Garden  Seeds,  which  for  the  time  of  our 
abode  there,  being  about  seven  Weeks,  although  they  were 
late  sowne,  came  up  very  well,  giving  certaine  testimonie 
of  the  goodnesse  of  the  Climate  and  of  the  Soyle.  And 
it  seemeth  that  Oate,  Hempe,  Flaxe,  Rape-seed  and  such 
like  which  require  a  rich  and  fat  ground,  would  prosper 
excellently  in  these  parts.  For  in  divers  places  here  we 
found  grasse  above  knee  deepe. 

As  for  Trees  the  Country  yeeldeth  Sassafras  a  plant  of 
sovereigne  vertue  for  the  French  Poxe,  and  as  some  of 
late  have  learnedlv  written  good  against  the  Plague  and 
many  other  Maladies;  Vines,  Cedars,  Okes,  Ashes, 
Beeches,  Birch  trees,  Cherie  trees  bearing  fruit  whereof 
wee  did  eate,  Hasels,  Wich-hasels,  the  best  wood  of  all 
other  to  make  Sope-ashes  withall,  Walnut-trees,  Maples,  [IV.  viii. 
Holy  to  make  Bird-lime  with,  and  a  kinde  of  tree  bearing  1656.] 

a  fruit  like  a  small  red  Peare-plum  with  a  crowne  or  knop 
on  the  top  (a  plant  whereof  carefully  wrapped  up  in  earth. 
Master  Robert  Salterne  brought  to  Bristoll.)  We  found 
also  low  trees  bearing  faire  Cneries.  There  were  likewise 
a  white  kind  of  Plums  which  were  not  growne  to  their 
perfect  ripenesse.  With  divers  other  sorts  of  trees  to  us 
unknowne. 

The  Beasts  here  are  Stags,  fallow  Deere  in  abundance, 
Beares,  Wolves,  Foxes,  Lusernes,  and  (some  say)  Tygres, 
Porcupines,  and  Dogges  with  sharpe  and  long  noses,  with 
many  other  sorts  or  wild  beasts,  whose  Cases  and  Furres 
being  hereafter  purchased  by  exchange  may  yeeld  no  smal 

faine  to  us.  Since  as  we  are  certainly  informed,  the 
renchmen  brought  from  Canada  the  value  of  thirtie 
thousand  Crownes  in  the  yeere  1604.  almost  in  Bevers 
and  Otters  skinnes  only.  The  most  usuall  Fowles  are 
Eagles,  Vultures,  Hawkes,  Cranes,  Herons,  Crowes,  Gulls, 
and  great  store  of  other  River  and  Sea-fowles.  And  as 
the  Land  is  full  of  Gods  good  blessings,  so  is  the  Sea 

327 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

replenished  with  great  abundance  of  excellent  fish,  as 
Cods  sufficient  to  Eide  many  ships,  which  we  found  upon 
the  Coast  in  the  moneth  of  June,  Scales  to  make  Oilc  with- 
all.  Mullets,  Turbuts,  Mackerels,  Herrings,  Crabs,  Lob- 
sters, Crevises,  and  Muscles  with  ragged  Fearles  in  them. 
By  the  end  of  July  we  had  laded  our  small  Barke  called 
the  Discoverer,  with  as  much  Sassafras  as  we  thought 
sufficient,  and  sent  her  home  into  England  before,  to  give 
Barke  sent      some   speedie   contentment   to    the   Adventurers:    who 
home,  arrived  safely  in  Kingrode  above  a  fortnight  before  us. 

After  their  departure  we  so  bestirred  our  selves,  that  our 
shippe  also  had  gotten  in  her  lading,  during  which  time 
there  fell  out  this  accident.  On  a  day  about  noonc  tide 
while  our  men  which  used  to  cut  downe  Sassafras  in  the 
Woods  were  asleepe,  as  they  used  to  doe  for  two  houres 
in  the  heat  of  the  day,  there  came  downe  about  seven  score 
Savages  armed  with  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  and 
Danger  of  the  environed  our  House  or  Barricado,  wherein  were  fourc  of 
Savages.  our  men  alone  with  their  Muskets  to  keepe  CentineU, 
whom  they  sought  to  have  come  downe  unto  them,  which 
they  utterly  refused,  and  stood  upon  their  guard.  Our 
Master  likewise  being  very  carefull  and  circumspect 
having  not  past  two  with  him  in  the  shippe  put  the  same 
in  the  best  defence  he  could,  lest  they  should  have  invaded 
the  same,  and  caused  a  piece  of  great  Ordnance  to  bee 
shot  off,  to  give  terrour  to  the  Indians,  and  warning  to 
our  men  which  were  fast  asleepe  in  the  Woods :  at  the 
noyse  of  which  Peece  they  were  a  little  awaked,  and 
beganne  a  little  to  call  for  Foole  and  Gallant,  their  great 
and  feareflill  Mastives,  and  full  quietly  laid  themselves 
downe  againe,  but  beeing  quickned  up  eftsoones  againe 
with  a  second  shot  they  rowsed  up  themselves,  betooke 
them  to  their  weapons  and  with  their  Mastives,  great 
Foole  with  an  halfe  Pike  in  his  mouth  drew  downe  to  their 
ship :  whom  when  the  Indians  beheld  afarre  off,  with  the 
Mastive  which  they  most  feared,  in  dissembling  manner 
they  turned  all  to  a  jest  and  sport,  and  departed  away  in 
friendly  manner :  yet  not  long  after,  even  the  day  before 

328 


MARTIN   PRING  a.d. 

1603. 

our  departure,  they  set  fire  on  the  Woods  where  wee 

wrought,  which  wee  did  behold  to  burne  for  a  mile  space, 

and  3ie  very  same  day  that  wee  weighed  Anchor,  they 

came  downe  to  the  shoare  in  greater  number,  to  wit,  very 

neere  two  hundred  by  our  estimation,  and  some  of  them 

came  in  their  Boates  to  our  ship,  and  would  have  had  us 

come  in  againe :  but  we  sent  them  backe,  and  would  none 

of  their  entertainment. 

About  the  eighth  or  ninth  of  August,  wee  left  this 
excellent  Haven  at  the  entrance  whereof  we  foimd  twentie 
fathomes  water,  and  rode  at  our  ease  in  seven  fathomes 
being  Land-locked,  the  Haven  winding  in  compasse  like 
the  shell  of  a  Snaile,  and  it  is  in  latitude  of  one  and  forty 
dewees  and  five  and  twentie  minutes. 

This  by  the  way  is  not  to  be  forgotten,  that  our  Captaine 
fell  so  much  to  the  Northward  because  he  would  find  high 
grounds,  where  commonly  the  best  Havens  are :  which 
also  fell  out  to  his  expectation.  We  also  observed  that 
we  could  find  no  Sassafras  but  in  sandie  ground.  In  our 
returne  we  brought  our  selves  into  the  latitude  of  eight 
and  thirtie  degrees  about  the  Afores  for  certaine  causes, 
and  within  five  weekes  space  came  from  our  Port  of 
Virginia,  into  the  Soundings  of  England,  but  there  being 
long  encountred  with  Easterly  winds,  we  came  at  length 
into  Kingrode,  the  second  or  October  1603.  The  Dis- 
coverer was  out  five  moneths  and  an  halfe.  The  Speedwell 
was  out  sixe  moneths  upon  the  Voyage. 

A  Relation  of  the  Voyage  made  to  Virginia,  in 
the  Elizabeth  of  London,  a  Barke  of  fiftie 
tunnes  by  Captaine  Bartholomew  Gilbert,  in 
the  yeere  1603.  Written  by  Master  Thomas 
Canner  a  Gentleman  of  Bernards  Inne  his 
companion  in  the  same  Voyage. 

UPon  Wednesday  in  Easter  weeke,  the  seventeenth  of 
Aprill,  after  I  had  taken  my  leave  of  some  few  of 
my  loving  and  deere  friends  in  Bernards  Inne,  I  rode 

329 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS   PILGRIMES 

1603. 

toward  Southampton,  there  to  bespeake  Bisket  and  some 
other  provision  for  our  Barke,  wherein  Master  Bar- 
tholomew Gilbert  went  as  Captaine,  which  had  beenc  in 
Virginia  the  yeere  before  with  Captaine  Bartholomew 
[IV.  viii.  Gosnold.  After  our  businesse  was  dispatched  here,  wee 
*^57]  came  into  Plimmouth,  from  whence  wee  put  forth  the 
tenth  of  May.  And  the  six  and  twentieth  of  the  same, 
we  were  in  the  latitude  of  32.  degrees,  hoping  to  have 
had  sight  of  the  He  of  Madera,  whereof  we  missed,  in 
which  course  we  met  with  two  or  three  English  men  of 
warre. 

The  first  of  June,  we  were  in  the  latitude  of  27.  degrees, 
and  haled  over  toward  the  Hands  of  the  West  Indies,  and 
the  fifteenth  of  this  moneth  toward  night  wee  saw  Land. 
Master  Gilbert  and  the  Master  Henrie  Suite  dwelling 
within  the  Iron  Gate  of  the  Towre  of  London,  tooke  it 
to  be  the  Bermudas :  being  very  neere  the  shore  they 
sounded  many  times  and  had  no  ground,  at  the  last  they 
found  good  ground  in  fourteene  or  fifteene  fathomes. 
There  wee  cast  Anchor.  In  the  morning  we  weighed,  and 
sounded  still  as  we  trended  by  the  shoare :  but  after  wee 
were  past  a  Cables  length  from  our  Road,  we  had  no  Land 
againe  in  forty  or  fifty  fathomes:  we  kept  still  by  the 
snore  not  yet  being  certaine  what  Hand  it  was.  The 
sixteenth  in  the  morning,  wee  spied  the  people  comming 
from  the  shore,  who  when  they  came  neere,  cried  out  for 
barter  or  trade :  when  they  came  close  aboord,  they  made 
signes  and  cried  out  to  see  our  colours,  which  we  presently 
put  forth  in  the  maine  top,  and  told  them  we  were  Inglcscs, 
Amigos,  and  Hermanos,  that  is.  Englishmen,  their  friends 
and  brothers.  Assoone  as  they  understood  we  were 
Englishmen,  they  were  bolder  to  come  neere :  we  threw 
them  a  Rope,  and  one  came  aboord  us :  wee  traded  with 
them  for  some  Tobacco,  Pine-apples,  Plantanes,  Pompions 
and  such  things  as  they  had:  wee  gave  them  Bugles, 
Knives,  Whistles,  and  such  toyes.  Here  we  kept  close  by 
the  shore.  When  this  Canoa  had  traded  with  us,  and 
uttered  all  they  had  and  drunke  of  our  Beere,  beeing 

330 


BARTHOLOMEW  GILBERT 


A.D. 
1603. 


They  trade  at 
Santa  Lucia, 


kindly  used  they  departed :  and  then  presently  after  divers 
Canoas  came,  we  traded  and  used  them  as  the  first.  One 
of  them  told  us  that  Iland  was  Santa  Lucia.  We 
bestowed  all  that  forcnoone  shaking  in  the  wind  ^for  we 
had  no  wound  to  Anchor)  neere  the  shore  to  trade  with 
them.  Then  wee  set  our  course  for  Saint  Vincent,  but 
finding  a  current  against  us  and  the  wind  very  scant,  we 
doubted  we  should  not  fetch  it,  and  that  if  we  did,  per- 
adventure  we  might  bee  put  to  the  leeward  of  Dominica, 
and  so  consequently  of  Mevis  or  Nieves ;  for  which  Hand 
we  were  specially  bound  for  to  cut  Lignum  vitae,  in  the 
same.  Therefore  Master  Gilbert  thought  good  to  let 
Saint  Vincent  alone,  although  in  it  is  the  best  Tobacco  of 
all  the  Hands,  yet  in  the  end  hee  put  roomer  for  Dominica,  Dominica, 
whereof  we  had  sight  the  seventeenth  of  June,  and  came 
close  to  the  shore ;  and  presently  one  Canoa  came  aboord, 
as  at  Santa  Lucia,  being  sent  with  two  men  belike  to 
discover  us,  and  to  see  what  entertainment  they  should 
have,  we  used  them  kindly  and  so  dismissed  them.  There 
came  more  foil  of  men,  with  divers  of  their  commodities. 

The  nineteenth  in  the  morning  being  Sunday,  we 
anchored  in  a  good  Road  at  Mevis,  and  after  went  on  shore  Mevis. 
to  seeke  Lignum  vitae.  Master  Gilbert,  with  the  Master 
and  divers  of  the  company  sought  fiirre  into  the  Woods, 
but  found  none  but  one  little  Tree,  and  here  and  there 
where  one  had  bin  cut:  so  we  were  in  doubt  to  find 
enough  heere  to  load  our  ship,  a  just  plague  unto  us  for 
prophaning  the  Sabbath  in  travelling  about  our  worldly 
busmesse,  when  there  was  no  necessitie.  This  day  in  the 
Evening  some  went  out  with  the  Boate  unto  the  shore, 
and  brought  on  boord  a  Tortoyse  so  big  that  foure  men 
could  not  get  her  into  the  Boate  but  tied  her  fast  by  one 
legge  unto  the  Boat,  and  so  towed  her  to  the  ship,  when 
they  had  her  by  the  ship,  it  was  no  easie  matter  to  get  her 
on  boord. 

The  next  day  we  went  on  shore  againe  to  search  another 
part  of  the  wood  for  Lignum  vitae :   and  then  God  be  Lignum  vitte, 
thanked  we  found  enough.     This  day  at  night  we  opened 

331 


Great 
Tortoyse. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

our  Tortoyse,  which  had  in  her  about  500.  Eggcs,  excellent 
sweet  mcate,  and  so  is  all  the  whole  fish.  Upon  Tuesday 
in  the  morning  we  went  all  on  shore  saving  the  Carpenter 
and  Thomas,  and  Master  Gilberts  man  to  fell  wood,  and 
this  day  we  felled  good  store.  All  the  rest  of  this  moncth 
and  three  dayes  more  we  continued  here  every  day  labour- 
ing sore,  first  in  sawing  downe  the  great  trees,  and  sawing 
them  againe  into  logs,  portable  out  of  the  thicke  wood  to 
the  Sea-shoare,  so  in  the  Boates,  and  so  to  the  ship :  where 
M.  Gilbert  his  paines  profited  double  as  well  in  example 
as  in  worke,  for  hee  was  never  idle,  but  either  searching 
out  more  trees,  or  fetching  drinke  for  the  Labourers,  or 
doing  one  thing  or  other :  so  that  in  this  just  fcMtnight 
that  wee  stayed  here,  wee  had  gotten  on  boord  some 
twenty  tuns.  Within  a  few  dayes  after  the  Tortoyse  was 
eaten  God  sent  us  another.  One  of  these  fishes  were 
sufficient  meat  for  twentie  men  for  three  or  foure  dayes 
if  it  could  bee  preserved,  but  in  that  Climate  no  salting 
can  preserve  it  above  two  dayes,  hardly  so  long.  Now 
the  wood  growing  thinne,  and  hardly  to  be  found  on  this 
Hand,  he  thought  it  best  to  stay  no  longer  here,  but  to  goe 
for  Virginia,  to  search  for  better  store.  And  so  upon 
Sunday  the  third  of  July  in  the  afternoone  we  weighed 
Anchor,  and  sailed  North-west  and  by  North,  and  that 
S.  ChristO'  night  passed  bv  Saint  Christopher,  and  another  little  Hand 
fher.  Munday  the  fourth  in  the  morning  we  had  sight  of  the 

Hand,  we  went  into  the  Woods  to  search  for  Lignum 
vitae,    but    found    none    but    one    tree,    which    he  cut 
and  went  on  boord,   we  sought  also  for  fresh  water, 
but  found  none :   At  Evening  went  on  shore  into  the 
bottome  of  the  Bay  to  dray  the  Net ;   and  there  we  gat 
good  store  of  fine  fresh  fish,  and  much  more,  enough  to 
have  laden  our  Boat  we  should  have  gotten,  if  at  every 
Abundance  of  draught  we  had  not  had  in  the  Net  a  Tortoyse,  which  stil 
Tortoyses,        hr^  through  and  so  carried  away  the  fish  with  them.    At 
one  draught  among  the  rest  we  had  two  in  the  Net,  a 
[IV.  viii.       y^^R  o"c  and  an  old  one :  the  Net  held  the  young  one. 
1658.]       Wee  weighed  and  went  through  betweene  the  two 

332 


BARTHOLOMEW   GILBERT  ad, 

1603. 

Hands  into  the  mayne  Ocean,  toward  our  long  desired  Thr^ 
Countrey  Virginia,  distant  three  hundred  and  fiftic  leagues  ^w/«ii»i/. 
from  us.     Wee  sayled  North  North-west. 

The  seventh,  we  ran  still  North-west  and  North  and 
by  West.  The  eight,  wee  kept  the  same  course.  The 
ninth,  we  kept  stiU  the  same  course.  The  winde  beeanne 
to  vere  some  thing  to  the  Southward,  which  had  beene 
constant  still,  from  the  Hands  of  the  Canaries,  unto  the 
Hands  of  the  West  Indies.  And  now  began  the  winde  to  The  Wesume 
draw  towards  the  West,  and  then  is  it  as  constant  there.  ^^^^  ^'^^' 
The  reason  I  deferre  to  longer  consideration.  The  current 
setteth  out  of  the  Gulfe  of  Mexico,  and  from  the  mayne 
shore. 

Sunday  the  tenth,  we  kept  still  the  same  course,  and  had 
now  but  a  small  gale  almost  becalmed.  The  eleventh, 
we  continued  the  same  course  with  the  same  small  gale 
we  went  North.  Tuesday  the  twelfth  we  kept  the  same 
course,  if  any  at  all,  for,  for  the  most  part  we  were 
becalmed. 

Wednesday  the  thirteenth,  the  calme  continued,  the 
Sunne  being  extremely  hot  in  the  calme.  Thursday  the 
fourteenth,  the  calme  continued  as  hot  as  before.  These 
dayes  we  ayred  our  Newland  fish  called  Poore  John,  which  ^^^  •^^'*»- 
proved  ill  done.  For  after  it  was  ayred,  it  rotted  the 
sooner,  being  burnt  in  the  same.  On  Friday  the  fifteenth, 
God  sent  us  a  reasonable  gale.  The  sixteenth  and  seven- 
teenth, the  calme  came  againe.  Munday,  we  had  a  good 
gale,  and  went  North  and  by  West,  and  North  North- 
west. The  nineteenth,  twentieth,  and  one  and  twentieth, 
we  had  an  excellent  gale,  and  ranne  North  North-west. 
Then  we  cast  out  the  Lead  and  looked  out  for  land,  but 
found  no  ground  nor  saw  no  land,  and  therefore  we  much 
doubted  that  the  current  had  set  us  very  farre  to  the  lee- 
ward of  the  place  which  wee  were  bound  for,  being  the 
Chesepian  Bay;  but  that  could  not  be  knowne  till  it 
pleased  God  to  bring  us  to  land.  In  the  afternoone  about 
sixe  of  the  clocke  we  cast  out  the  Lead  againe,  and  had  Qmmdin  30. 
ground  in  thirtie  fathomes,  whereof  we  were  glad  and  fatkmes, 

333 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1603. 

thanked   God,   knowing   we  could  not   be   farre  from 
land. 

Satiirday  the  three  and  twentieth  in  the  morning,  about 
eight  of  the  clocke  wee  saw  land  in  the  height  of  40. 
degrees  and  odde  minutes,  very  fine  low  land,  appearing 
farre  off  to  bee  full  of  tall  Trees,  and  a  fine  sandie  shoare, 
but  a  great  siege:  we  saw  no  Harbour,  and  therefore 
coasted  along  to  seeke  one  to  the  Northward,  the  wind 
being  at  West. 

Sunday  the  foure  and  twentieth,  the  wind  being  about 
An  Headland,  the  North-east  we  beat  hard  to  fetch  an  Head-land,  where 
we  thought  we  saw  an  Harbour :  but  when  we  came  up 
with  it,  wee  perceived  it  was  none,  and  all  our  labour  lost. 
And  therefore  the  wind  beeing  now  more  full  in  our  teeth 
at  the  North-east,  wee  considered  it  were  better  to  put 
roome,  so  that  if  the  winde  should  stand,  then  we  should 
fetch  the  Bay  of  Chesepian,  which  Master  Gilbert  so  much 
thirsted  after,  to  seeke  out  the  people  for  Sir  Walter 
Raleigh  left  neere  those  parts  in  tne  yeere  1587.  if  not, 
perhaps  we  might  find  some  Road  or  Harbour  in  the 
way  to  take  in  some  fresh  water :  for  now  wee  had  none 
aboord. 

On  Munday  the  five  and  twentieth  of  July  at  ni^ht  wee 

The  mouth  of  Came  neere  the  mouth  of  the  Bay :  but  the  wind  blew  so 

the  Chesepian  sore,  and  the  Sea  was  so  high,  that  the  Master  durst  not 

•^*  put  in  that  night  into  the  Sea :  and  so  continued  next  day. 

On  Wednesday  the  seven  and  twentieth,  at  night  the 

winde  came  &ire  againe,  and  wee  bare  againe  for  it  all 

night,  and  the  wind  presently  turned  againe.     Thursday 

the  eight  and  twentieth,  considering  our  extremitie  for 

water  and  wood,  victuals  and  beere  likewise  consuming 

The^  departed  ^^^  ^^*>  ^^  could  no  longer  beate  for  it,  and  therefore 

Eastward       ran  roomer,  determining  for  this  time  to  seeke  it  no  more. 

from  the  mouth       Friday  the  nine  and  twentieth,  being  not  farre  from  the 

oftheChese-    shoare,  which  appeared  unto  us  exceeding  pleasant  and 

^T shew  of      ^^^  ^^  goodly  Trees,  and  with  some  shew  of  the  entrance 

entrance  of  a    ^f  a  River,  our  Captaine  Bartholomew  Gilbert  accompanied 

River.  with  Master  Thomas  Canner  a  Gentleman  of  Bernards 

334 


BARTHOLOMEW   GILBERT  a.v. 

1605. 

Inne,  Richard  Hanson  the  Masters  Mate,  Henry  Kenton 
our  Chirurgion,  and  one  Derricke  a  Dutchman,  went  on 
shore  in  the  Boate  from  the  ship  which  lay  above  a  mile 
from  the  land,  and  with  their  weapons  marched  up  into 
the  Countrey,  leaving  two  youths  to  keepe  the  Boate :  but 
shortly  after  the  Indians  set  upon  them,  and  one  or  two  Captaine 
of  them  fell  downe  wounded  in  sight  of  our  yong  men  Gilbert  and 
that  kept  the  Boat,  which  had  much  a  doe  to  save  them-  -^^J^^^'m/ 
selves  and  it.  For  some  of  the  Indians  roming  downe  Yndlanl 
to  them,  would  have  haled  it  on  shore,  which  notwith- 
standing they  saved,  and  with  heavie  hearts  gat  unto  the 
ship  with  the  losse  of  their  Captain  and  foure  of  their 
principall  men.  Thus  being  but  eleven  men  and  Boyes 
m  all  in  the  ship,  though  our  want  of  water  and  wood  were 
great,  y^t  wee  durst  not  adventxire  the  losse  of  any  more 
of  our  small  company  in  this  place ;  Therefore  our  Master 
Henry  Sute  tooke  his  course  home  for  England  by  the 
lies  of  the  Azores,  and  fell  first  with  the  Pike,  and  after- 
ward entring  into  our  Chanell,  had  first  sight  of  Portland, 
and  thence  came  up  the  River  of  Thames  unto  Ratcliffe, 
about  the  end  of  September  1603.  finding  the  Citie  most 
grievously  infected  with  a  terrible  plague. 

Chap.  XIII.  [iv.viii. 

1659.] 
Extracts  of  a  Virginian  Voyage  made  An.  1605. 

by  Captaine  George  Waymouth,  in  the  Arch- 

angell.     Set   forth    by    the    Right    Honorable 

Henry  Earle  of  South-hampton,  and  the  Lord 

Thomas  Arundel,  written  by  James  Rosier. 

Pon  Easter  day,  the  last  of  March,  the  March. 
winde   comming   at   North  North-east:    Easter  day 
about  five  of  the  clocke  after  noone,  we  ^^^P^^^^^'^- 
weighed  anchor  and  put  to  Sea  from  the 
Downes,  [in  the  Name  of  God]  being  very 
well  victualled,  and  furnished  with  Muni- 
tion and  all  necessaries ;   our  whole  com- 
panie  being  nine  and  twenty  persons,  of  whom  I  dare 

335 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

boldy  say,  few  Voyages  have  beene  manned  forth  with 

better  Sea-men  generdly,  in  respect  of  ovur  small  number. 

Munday  the  thirteenth  of  May,  about  eleven  of  the 

clocke  in  the  fore-noone,  our  Captaine  judging  we  were 

Sounding  me  not  farre  from  Land,  sounded ;   and  we  had  soft  oze  in 

found  ground,  an  hundred  and  sixty  fathome :   at  foure  of  the  clocke 

after  noone  wee  soimded  againe,  and  had  the  like  oze  in 

an  hundred  fathome. 

From  ten  a  clocke  that  night  till  three  a  clocke  in  the 
morning,  our  Captain  tooke  in  all  Sayles  and  lay  at  hull, 
being  desirous  to  fidl  with  the  Land  in  the  day  time, 
because  it  was  an  unknown  Coast,  which  it  pleased  God 
in  his  mercy  to  grant  us,  otherwise  surely  we  had  runne 
our  Shippe  upon  the  hidden  Rockes,  and  perished  all :  for 
when  we  set  sayle,  we  sounded  in  an  hundred  fathom: 
and  by  eight  a  clocke,  having  not  made  above  five  or  sixe 
leagues,  our  Captaine  upon  a  sudden  change  of  water 
supposing  verily  he  saw  the  sand :  presently  sounded,  and 
had  but  five  fathome :  much  marvelling  because  we  saw 
May  I  ^.  Land  no  Land,  he  sent  one  to  the  top,  who  descried  a  whitish 
deuried,  sandy  ClifFe,  which  bare  West  North-west  about  sixe 
leagues  off:  but  comming  neerer  within  three  or  foure 
leagues,  we  saw  many  breaches  still  neerer  the  Land.  At 
last  we  espied  a  great  breach  ahead  us  right  along  the 
shoare,  into  which,  before  we  entred,  our  Captaine  thought 
best  to  hoise  out  his  Ship-boat  and  sound  it :  which  if  hee 
had  not  done,  wee  had  there  ended  our  Voyage,  together 
with  our  lives :  for  he  bare  up  the  Ship  as  neere  as  he 
could  after  the  Boate,  untill  Master  Cam  his  Mate  being 
in  the  Boat,  wefFed  and  called  to  him  to  winde  about  and 
stand  off,  for  in  this  breach  he  had  very  shoald  water,  two 
fathome  upon  Rockes,  and  sometime  they  supposed  they 
saw  the  Rocke  within  three  or  foure  foot,  whereon  the  Sea 
made  a  very  high  strong  breach,  which  we  might  discerne 
(fi-om  the  top)  to  runne  along  as  wee  sayled  by  it,  sixe 
or  seven  leagues  to  the  Southward :  and  we  saw  no  end 
thereof.  Wherefore  we  were  constrained  to  put  backe 
againe  from  the  Land ;  and  sounding  (the  weather  being 

336 


GEORGE   WAYMOUTH  ad. 

1605. 
faire)   wee   found   our  selves  embayed   with   continuall 
Shoalds  and  Rocks,  in  a  most  uncertaine  ground ;  as  by  A  dangerous 
judgement  of  our  Captaine  and  whole  companie,  they  had  P^^  rf rocks 
never  knowne  the  like ;  from  five  and  sixe  fathome,  at  the  ^^^^^^• 
next  cast  of  the  Lead  wee  should   have  fifteene  and 
eighteene  fathome  all  hard  Rocke  over  many  which  (by 
the  unspeakable  goodnesse  and  mercy  of  God  towards  us) 
wee  passed.     For  if  we  had  bare  in  with  it  but  the  day 
before  (which  was  exceeding  tempestuous)  or  in  the  night, 
we  couid  by  no  meanes  have  escaped  tne  danger.     But 
God  so  blessed  us,  that  we  had  weather  and  winde  as 
faire  as  poore  men  coidd  wish,  in  this  distresse,  whereby 
we  both  perfectly  discerned  every  breach,  and  with  the 
winde  were  able  to  turne,  where  wee  saw  most  hope  of 
safest  passage.     Thus  we  parted  from  the  Land,  which 
wee  had  not  so  much  before  desired :  and  at  the  first  sight 
rejoyced:  as  now  wee  all  joyfully  praised  God,  that  it 
had  pleased  him  so  miraculously  to  deliver  us  from  so 
imminent  danger  of  death  before  our  eyes.     Our  Captaine 
found  himselfe  in  the  latitude  of  41.  degrees  and  an  halfe.  Latitude  41. 
Here  we  found  great  store  of  fish,  and  saw  many  Whales,  Agrees  and  an 
as  we  had  done  two  or  three  dayes  before.  '*^^* 

Wee  stood  off  that  night  and  all  the  next  day,  being 
Wednesday:  but  the  winde  still  continuing  for  many 
dayes  betweene  the  points  of  South  South-west  and  West 
South-west,  so  as  we  could  not  by  any  possible  meanes 
make  any  way  to  the  Southward  in  regard  of  our  great 
want  of  water  and  Wood  (which  was  now  spent)  wee 
much  desired  Land,  and  therefore  sought  for  it,  where  the 
winde  would  best  suffer  us  to  refresh  our  selves. 

Thursday  the  sixteenth  day  of  May,  we  stood  directly 
in  with  the  Land :  and  we  much  marvelled  that  we  descried 
it  not:   wherein  wee  found  our  Sea  Charts  very  false  Sea-charts 
laying  out  Land  where  none  was,  for  though  we  bare  in  fi^^* 
directly  with  it  according  to  them:   yet  in  almost  fifty 
leagues  running  we  found  none. 

Friday  the  seventeenth  of  May,  about  sixe  a  clocke 
at  night,  wee  descried  Land,  which  bare  from  us  North  Landdescried. 
XVIII  337  Y 


A.D. 

i6o5. 


Satiwday  wee 
made  the  land. 


[IV.  viii. 

1660.] 

Our  Captaine 
named  this  S. 
Geor^geslland. 


Great  plenty 
offish. 


Wee  descried 
the  Maine  and 
Mountaines, 


Upon  Whit- 
Sunday  wee 
came  into  an 
excellent 
Harbour, 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

North-east :  but  because  it  blew  a  great  gale  of  windc, 
the  Sea  very  high  and  neere  night,  not  fit  to  come  upon 
an  unknowne  coast,  our  Captaine  stood  off  till  two  of  the 
docke  in  the  morning  being  Saturday  and  Whitson  Eve: 
then  standing  with  it  againe,  wee  descried  it  by  eight  a 
docke  in  the  morning,  bearing  North-east  from  us.  It 
appeared  a  meane  high  Land,  as  we  after  found  it,  being 
but  an  Iland  of  no  great  compasse :  but  I  hope  the  most 
fortunate  that  ever  men  discovered,  as  shall  appeare  by 
the  sequell.  About  twelve  a  clocke  that  day,  wee  came 
to  an  anchor  on  the  North  side  of  this  Hand  in  forty 
fathome  water,  about  a  league  from  shoare.  This  Iland 
is  woody,  growne  over  with  Firre,  Birch,  and  Beech,  as 
farre  as  we  saw  along  the  shoare,  and>  so  likely  to  be 
within.  On  the  Verge  growe  Gooseberries,  Strawberries, 
wilde  Pease,  and  wilde  Rose  bushes.  The  fresh  water 
issued  down  the  rocky  ClifFes  in  many  places ;  and  mudi 
fowle  of  sundry  kindes  breed  upon  the  shoare  and  Rockes. 
While  wee  were  at  shoare,  our  men  aboord  with  a  few 
hookes  got  above  thirty  great  Cod  and  Haddocke,  whidi 
gave  us  a  taste  of  the  great  plenty  of  fish  which  we  found 
afterward,  wheresoever  we  went  upon  the  coast. 

From  hence  we  might  discerne  many  Hands,  and  the 
maine  Land,  from  the  West  South-west  to  the  East 
North-east ;  and  North  North-east  from  us  a  great  way 
as  it  then  seemed  (and  as  we  after  found  it)  up  into  the 
Maine,  we  might  discerne  very  high  Moiuitaines, 
although  the  Maine  seemed  but  lowe  I^nd,  which  gave 
us  a  hope,  that  it  might  please  God,  to  direct  us  to  the 
Discovery  of  some  good,  although  wee  were  driven  by 
windes  farre  from  that  place,  whether  both  by  our  direc- 
tion and  desire,  we  ever  intended  to  shape  the  course  of 
our  Voyage. 

The  next  day  being  Whitsunday,  because  we  rode  too 
much  open  to  the  Sea,  and  windes,  wee  wayed  anchor 
about  twelve  a  clocke,  and  came  along  to  the  other  Hands 
more  adjoyning  to  the  Maine,  and  m  the  Road  directly 
with  the  Mountaines,  about  three  leagues  from  the  first 

338 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  a.d. 

1605. 
Uand  where  we  anchored.  When  we  came  neere  unto 
them  (sounding  aU  along  in  a  good  depth)  our  Captaine 
manned  his  Ship-boat,  and  sent  her  before  with  Thomas 
Cam  one  of  his  Mates,  whom  he  knew  to  be  of  good 
experience,  to  search  and  sound  about  and  between  the 
Hands,  for  a  place  safe  for  our  ship  to  ride  in.  In  the 
meane  while  we  kept  aloofe  at  Sea,  having  given  order 
to  them  in  the  Boat,  by  a  token  to  wefFe  in  the  ship  if  he 
found  a  convenient  Harbour,  which  it  pleased  6od  to 
send  us,  farre  beyond  our  expectation  in  a  most  safe  birth, 
defended  from  all  windes  in  an  excellent  depth  of  water 
for  ships  of  any  burthens  in  six,  seven,  eight,  nine  and 
ten  fathome  upon  a  clay  oze,  very  tough,  where  is  good 
moring,  even  on  the  Rocks  upon  the  ClifFe  side. 

We  all  with  great  admiration  praised  God,  who  had 
from  so  apparent  danger  miraculously  delivered  us,  and 
directed  us  upon  this  day  (upon  whidi  he  sent  the  chiefe 
promised  Director  of  all  goodnesse  unto  his  Apostles  and 
Disciples)  into  such  a  place,  wherof  here  before  we  reade 
none  to  have  made  either  description  or  relation,  and  then 
which  neither  our  selves  could  wish,  or  Nature  afFoord 
more  secure.  In  remembrance  whereof,  our  Captaine 
named  it  Pentecost  Harbour.  Pentecost 

Whitsun  Munday  the  twentieth  day  of  May,  by  three  ^^^our, 
a  clocke  in  the  morning,  our  Captaine  caused  the  Shalop 
to  be  carried  ashoare:   where  while  some  were  busied 
about  her,  himselfe  set  others  to  worke  in  digging  Wels 
to  receive  the  water,  which  we  found  issuing  downe  out 
of  the  Land  in  many  places,  and  rising  amidst  the  rocky 
ClifFes.     In  digging  (amongst  other  things)  we  found  in 
some  places  (and  not  deep^  clay  groxmd,  blue,  red  and  Clay. 
white,  to  make  Bricke  or  Tile,  fit  for  building.     This  dav 
our  Pinnace  was  fitted  together  and  lanched;    in  small  Our  Phmaee 
time  with  two  or  three  hookes  were  fished  sufficiently  for  Lynched. 
our    whole    companie    three    dayes,    with    great    Cod.  Varietieof 
Hadocke,  and   some   Thombacke.     Towards   night  we  fi^^^- 
drew  with  a  small  Same  of  20.  fathom  just  by  the  shoare, 
where  we  got  about  30.  very  good  Lobsters,  many  Rock- 

339 


A.D. 
1605. 


Wee  fished. 


ThefiruiU  of 
the  Hands, 


Trees, 


Turpentine 
pienttfttUyfir 
Tarre  and 
Pitch. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

fish,  some  Plaise,  and  other  small  fishes  very  good;  and 
fishes  called  Lumpes,  very  pleasant  to  taste.  And  diis 
wee  generally  observed,  that  all  the  fish  of  what  kind 
soever  we  tooke,  were  well  fed,  fat,  and  in  tast  very  sweet. 

Wednesday  the  two  and  twentieth  of  May,  our  Captainc 
went  ashoare  with  our  men,  where  wee  felled  and  cut 
wood  for  our  ships  use,  cleansed  and  scovired  our  WcUs. 
Wee  likewise  digged  a  small  plot  of  ground,  where  in 
among  some  Garden  seeds  (which  most  the  birds 
destroyed)  we  set  Pease  and  Barley,  which  in  sixtcene 
dayes  grew  eight  inches,  and  so  continued  every  day 
growing  more  than  halfe  an  inch :  although  this  was  but 
the  crust  of  the  ground,  and  farre  inferiovir  to  the  mould 
we  after  found  in  the  Maine. 

All  the  next  day  we  labored  hard  to  make  up  our  wood, 
because  our  Captaine  intended  not  to  spare,  or  spend  any 
more  time  in  that  of  our  Voyage.  This  day  our  Boat 
fished  aeaine  as  before,  because  wee  still  were  much 
refreshed  with  the  fi*esh  fish. 

Friday  the  foure  and  twentieth  of  May,  after  we  had 
made  an  end  of  cutting  wood,  and  carrying  some  water 
aboord  our  ship.  Our  Captaine  with  fourteene  shot  and 
Pike  marched  aoout,  and  thorow  part  of  two  of  the  Hands, 
one  of  which  we  ghessed  to  be  foure  or  five  miles  in 
compasse,  and  a  mile  broad. 

Along  the  shoare,  and  some  space  within  where  the 
wood  hindereth  not,  growe  plentifully,  Rashberries, 
Gooseberries,  Strawberries,  Corant  trees.  Rose  bushes, 
wilde  Vines,  Angelica  a  soveraine  herbe,  many  other 
fruits  wee  knew  not.  All  within  the  Hands,  growe  wood 
of  sundry  sorts,  some  very  great,  and  generSly  all  tall: 
Beech,  Birch,  Ash,  Maple,  Spruce,  Cherrie  tree.  Ewe, 
Oake  great  and  fiirme,  with  so  fine  graine  and  colour,  as 
our  Captaine,  and  men  of  best  experience,  had  never 
seene  the  like.  But  the  Firre  trees  great  and  small  arc 
most  abundant,  which  I  name  last,  as  not  the  least  of 
excellent  profit:  for  from  it  issueth  Turpentine  in 
marvellous  plenty,  and  so  sweet  as  our  Chirurgeon  and 

340 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  a.d. 

1605. 

others  affirmed  they  never  saw  so  good  in  England.     Wee 

pulled  off  much  Gumme  congeals  on  the  outside  of  the 

Barke  which  gave  an  odour  like  Frankincense.      This 

would  be  a  very  great  benefit  for  making  Tarre  and  Pitch. 

We  staied  tne  longer  in  this  place,  not  onely  because  [IV.  viii. 
of  our  good  Harbour  (which  is  an  excellent  comfort)  but  1661.] 

also  because  every  day  we  found  the  Iland,  more  and  more 
to  discover  unto  us  his  pleasant  fi-uitfulnesse,  insomuch, 
as  many  of  our  company  wished  themselves  settled  here. 

Also  our  men  found  abundance  of  great  Mussels  among 
the  Rockes;  and  in  some  of  them  many  small  Pearles.  Peark, 
In  one  Mussell  (which  we  drew  up  in  our  Same)  was 
found  foureteene  Pearles,  whereof  one  was  of  pretty 
bignesse  and  orient,  in  another  above  fifty  small  Pearles ; 
and  if  one  had  had  a  Dragee,  no  doubt  we  had  found 
some  of  great  value,  seeing  these  did  certainely  shew  that 
here  they  were  bred :  the  shels  within  all  glistering  with 
mother  of  Pearle. 

Thursday  the  thirtieth  of  May,  the  Captaine  with 
thirteene  departed  in  the  Shallop,  leaving  the  Ship  in  a 
good  harbour. 

Divers  Canoas  of  Savages  came  to  us.     The  shape  of  Their  shape  of 
their  body  is  very  proportionable,  and  well  countenanced,  ^• 
not  very  tall,  nor  bigge,  but  in  stature  like  to  us ;   they 
paint  their  bodies  with  blacke,  their  faces  some  with  red, 
some  with  blacke,  and  some  with  blew.     Their  cloathing  Their 
is  Bever  skins,  and  Deere  skins,  hanging  downe  to  their  ^^^^^^ng. 
knees  before  and  behinde,  made  fast  together  upon  the 
shoidder  with  a  leather  string;    some  of  them  weare 
sleeves,  some  buskins  of  leather  tewed  very  thin  and  soft. 
Some   weare   the  haire   of   their   skins   outward,   some 
inward;    they  have  besides  a  peece  of  skin,  which  they 
binde  about  their  waste,  and  betweene  their  legges  to 
cover  their  privities.     They  suffer  no  haire  to  grow  upon 
their  faces,  but  upon  their  head  very  long  and  very  blacke, 
which  behinde  they  binde  up  with  a  string  on  a  long 
rovmd  knot,  some  of  them  have  haire  all  curled  naturally. 
They   seemed  all  very  civiU  and  very  merry,  shewing 

341 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

Verj  thankful,  tokens  of  much  thankfulnesse  fcM*  those  things  we  gave 

them;    which  they  expresse  in  their  language  by  these 

words,  oh,  ho,  often  repeated.     We  found  them  then  (as 

Ofgwd  after)  a  people  of  very  good  invention,  quicke  imdcr- 

capacttj  and     standing,  and  ready  capacity. 

T^'c^as      ^^^^    Canoas    are    made    of    the    barke    of   Beech, 
^^ry  strengthned  within  with  ribbes  and  hoopes  of  wood,  in 

arHfictall.  SO  good  fashion  and  with  such  excellent  mgenious  art,  as 
our  men  that  had  beene  often  in  the  Indies,  said  they  farre 
exceeded  any  that  ever  they  had  seene.  The  chiefe  of 
them  told  me  by  signes,  that  they  would  goe  fetch  Furres 
and  Skins,  and  pointed  to  be  with  us  agame  by  that  time 
the  Sunne  should  come  somewhat  beyond  the  midst  of 
the  firmament. 

About  ten  a  docke  this  day  we  descried  our  Pinnace 
returning  towards  us.     Our  Captaine  had  in  this  small 
time  discovered  up  a  great  River,  trending  all  almost  into 
Trifles  left  on  the   Maine.     Untill   nis  returne  our  Qiptaine  left  on 
shoare.  shoare  where  they  landed,  in  a  path  (which  seemed  to  be 

frequented)  a  Pipe,  a  Brooch,  and  a  Knife,  thereby  to 
know  if  the  Savages  had  recourse  that  way,  because  thcj 
could  at  that  time  see  none  of  them,  onely  a  Beast  a  fanre 
of,  which  they  thoufi;ht  to  be  a  Deere, 

The  next  day  bemg  Saturday,  and  the  first  of  June, 

fFee  traded     wee  traded  with  the  Savages  all  the  forenoone  upon  the 

mtk  tie         Shoare,  where  were  eight  and  twenty  Savages,  and  because 

avaffs.         ^^y.  gj^jp  ^^j^  nigh,  we  were  but  five  or  sixe,  where  for 

Knives  and  other  trifles,  to  the  value  of  foure  or  five 

shillings,  we  had  forty  good  Skins,  Bevers,  Otter,  and 

other  which  we  knew  not  what  to  call  them.     Our  trade 

being  ended,  many  of  them  came  aboord  us,  and  eate  hj 

our  fire,  and  would  be  very  merry  and  bold,  in  regard  of 

our  kinde  usage  of  them.     Our  Captaine  shewed  them  a 

strange  thing,  which  they  wondered;    His  Sword  and 

They  wondred  mine  havingteene  touched  with  the  Loadstone,  tooke  up 

^^-^^^^^Z  their  Knife  and  held  it  fast  when  they  plucked  it  away: 

^       '  and  made  their  Knife  turne  bein^  kid  on  a  blocke :  and 

giving  their  Knife  a  touch  with  his  Sword,  made  that  take 

34« 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  ad. 

1605. 

up  a  Needle,  which  they  much  marveiled  at.  This  we 
did  to  cause  them  to  imagine  some  great  power  in  us,  and 
for  that  to  love  and  feare  us. 

When  we  went  a  Shoare  to  trade  with  them  in  one  of 
their  Canoas,  I  saw  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  which  in  T^ir  Bowes 
their  sight  I  tooke  up  and  drew  an  Arrow  in  one  of  them,  ^^^  Arrmes, 
which  I  found  to  be  of  a  reasonable  strength,  able  to  carry 
an  Arrow  five  or  six  score  strongly;  and  one  of  them 
tooke  it  and  drew  as  we  draw  our  Bowes,  not  like  the 
Indians.  Their  Bowe  is  made  of  Beech  in  fashion  of  our 
Bowes,  but  they  want  nocks,  onely  a  string  of  leather  put 
through  a  hole  at  one  end,  and  made  fast  with  a  knot  at 
the  other.  Their  Arrowes  are  of  a  much  greater  size 
then  our  and  longer,  feathered  with  three  feathers  tycd 
on,  and  nocked  very  artificially,  headed  with  a  long  shanke 
bone  of  a  Deere,  made  very  sharpe,  and  some  Iron  heads, 
with  two  fangs  in  manner  of  a  harping  Iron.  They  have 
likewise  Darts  headed  with  sharpe  bone,  one  of  which  I  J>aru, 
darted  among  the  Stones  and  it  brake  not.  These  they 
use  very  cunningly  to  kill  Fish,  Fowle,  and  Beasts. 

They  gave  us  the  best  welcome  they  could,  ^reading 
Deere  skins  for  us  to  sit  on  the  ground  by  their  fire, 
and  gave  us  of  their  Tobacco  in  our  Pipes,  which  was  Tobacco 
most  excellent,  and  so  generally  commended  of  us  all  to  ^xcelknt  the 
be  as  good  as  any  we  ever  tooke,  being  the  simple  Leafe  ^^^&^i^^ 
without  any  composition,  very  strong  and  of  a  pleasant 
sweete  taste :  they  gave  us  some  to  carry  to  our  Captaine, 
whom  they  called  our  Bashabe,  neither  did  they  require 
any  thing  for  it;    but  we  would  receive  nothing  from 
them  wiAout  remuneration. 

Here  we  saw  their  women,  who  stood  behinde  them,  We  saw  their 
as  desirous  to  see  us,  but  not  willing  to  be  seene,  for  Wonun. 
before  whensoever  we  came  a  Shoare,  they  retired  into 
the  woods ;    whether  it  were  in  regard  of  their  owne  [iv.  viii. 
naturall  modesty  being  naked,  or  by  the  commanding  1662.] 

jelousie  of  their  husbands,  which  we  rather  suspected ;  for 
it  hath  beene  an  inclination  noted  alwayes  generally  in 
Savages,  wherefore  we  would  by  no  meanes  seeme  to  take 

343 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1605. 

any  speciall  notice  of  them.  They  were  very  well 
favoured,  low  of  stature,  and  exceeding  fat;  they  had 
two  little  children  very  fat,  and  of  good  countenance, 
which  they  love  tenderly,  all  naked,  except  their  legges, 
which  were  covered  with  thin  leather  buskins,  fastncd 
with  straps  to  a  Girdle  about  their  waste,  which  they  gird 
very  streight,  and  is  decked  round  about  with  little  round 
peeces  of  Copper.  To  these  we  gave  Chaines,  Bracelets, 
and  other  trifles,  which  the  Savages  seemed  to  accept  with 
great  kindnesse. 

At  our  comming  away,  we  would  have  had  those  two 
that  supped  with  us  to  goe  aboord  and  sleepe,  as  they 
had  promised  our  Captaine ;   but  it  appeared  their  com- 
pany woidd  not  sufl^  them,  whereat  we  might  easily 
perceive  they  were  much  grieved :  but  not  long  after  our 
departure  they  came  with  three  more  to  our  Ship,  signing 
to  us,  if  one  of  our  Company  would  goe  lye  a  Shoare  with 
them,  they  would  stay  with  us.     Our  Captaine  would 
command  none :  but  Griffin,  one  of  them  we  were  to  leave 
in  the  Countrey,  by  their  agreement  with  my  Lord  the 
Right  Honorable  Count  Arundell  (if  it  should  be  thought 
needefuU  or  convenient)  went  with  them  in  their  Canoa; 
We  brought     and  three  of  them  stayed  aboord  us.     Whom  our  Captaine 
them  home       and  whole  Company  very  kindely  used,  himselfe  saw  their 
agatne,  lodging  provided,  and  them  lodged  in  an  old  Saile  upon 

the  Onop,  and  because  they  most  feared  our  Dogs,  tiey 
were  tyed  up  whensoever  any  of  them  came  aboord  us. 
Griffin  which  lay  on  Shoare,  reported  unto  me  their 
Ceremonies  of  manner,  and  (as  I  may  tearme  them)  the  Ceremonies  of 
the  Savages      their  Idolatry,  which  they  performe  thus.     One  among 
l4iolatry,         tHatm  (the  eldest  of  the  company  as  he  judged)  riseth  right 
up,   the  rest  sitting   still,  and  sodainely  cryed,  Bowh, 
waugh ;    then  the  women  fall  downe,  and  lye  upon  the 
ground,  and  the  men  altogether  answering  tne  same,  fall 
a  stamping  round  about  with  both  feete  as  hard  as  they 
can,  making  the  ground  shake,  with  sundry  loud  outcries, 
and  change  of  voyce  and  sound;    many  take  the  fire 
stickes  and  thrust  them  into  the  earth,  and  then  rest  silent 

344 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH 


A.D. 

1605. 


a  while,  of  a  sudden  beginning  as  before,  they  looke 

round  about,  as  though  they  expected  the  comming  of 

something  (as  hee  veruv  supposed)  and  continue  stamping 

till  the  yongcr  sort  fetcn  from  the  Shoare  Stones,  of  which 

every  man  take  one,  and  first  beate  upon  them  with  the 

fire  sticks,  then  with  the  Stones  beate  the  ground  with 

all  their  strength :  and  in  this  sort  (as  he  reported)  they 

continued   above    two    houres.     In    the    time   of   their 

Pavose,  our  watch  aboord  were  singing,  and  they  signed 

to  him  to  doe  so,  which  he  did,  looking  and  lifting  up 

his  hands  to  heaven :  then  they  pointed  to  the  Moone,  as 

if  they  imagined  hee  worshipped  that,  which  when  he 

with  signes  denied,  they  pomted  to  the  Sunne  rising, 

which  he  likewise  disliked,  lifting  up  his  hands  againe, 

then  they  looked  about,  as  though  they  would  see  what 

Starre  it  might  be,  laughing  one  to  another.     After  this 

ended,  they  which  have  wives  take  them  apart,  and  with-  Thej  lye  toith 

draw  themselves  severally  into  the  wood  all  night.  their  toives 

The  next  morning,  as  soone  as  they  saw  the  Sunne  rise,  ^^^retly, 
they  pointed  to  him  to  come  with  them  to  our  Ship,  and 
having  received  their  men  from  us,  they  came  with  all 
their  Canoas  and  company  hovering  about  our  Ship,  to 
whom  (because  it  was  the  Sabbath  day,)  I  signed  they 
should  depart,  and  at  the  next  Sunne  rising  wee  would 
goe  along  with  them  to  their  houses,  which  they  under- 
stood (as  we  thought)  and  departed :  three  of  their  Canoas 
coursing  about  the  Hand,  and  the  others  towards  the 
Maine.  This  day  about  five  a  clocke  afternoone,  came 
three  other  Canoas  from  the  Maine,  of  which  some  had 
beene  with  us  before,  and  they  came  directly  aboord  us, 
and  brought  us  Tobacco,  which  we  tooke  with  them  in  Their  Tobacco 
their  Pipe,  which  was  made  of  earth  very  strong,  but  Pipe. 
blacke  and  short,  containing  a  great  quantity.  Some 
Tobacco  they  gave  to  our  Captaine,  and  some  to  me,  in 
very  civill  kinde  manner:  we  requited  them  with  Bread 
and  Pease.  When  we  came  at  Shoare,  they  all  most 
kindely  entertained  us,  taking  us  by  the  hands,  as  they 
had  observed  we  did  to  them  aboord  in  token  of  welcome, 

345 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

and  brought  us  to  sit  downe  by  their  fire,  where  sat 

together  thirteene  of  them.     They  filled  their  Tobacco 

Thrf  gave  us  Pipe,  which  was  then  the  short  claw  of  a  Lobster,  which 

Tt^acco  in  a    ^jii  hold  ten  of  our  Pipes  full,  and  we  dranke  of  their 

PtpeofaLob'  excellent  Tobacco  as  much  as  we  would  with  them;  but 

wee  saw  not  any  great  quantity  to  trucke  for,  and  it  seemed 

they  had  not  much  left  of  old,  for  thev  ^)end  a  great 

quantity  yearely  by  their  continuall  drinking :  they  would 

signe  unto  us  that  it  was  growne  yet  but  a  little  above 

ground,  but  it  would  be  mgh,  with  a  leafe  as  broad  as 

both  their  hands ;   and  often  would  (by  pointing  to  one 

part  of  the  Maine  Eastward)  signe  unto  us  that  the 

Bashabe  (whom  wee  take  to  be  their  King,  or  some  great 

Commander)  had  plenty  of  Furres  and  much  Tobacco. 

At  our  departure  they  made  signe,  if  any  of  us  would 

stay  there  a  shoare,  some  of  them  would  goe  lye  aboord 

Master  Books  With  US :  at  which  motion  Master  Booles,  servant  to  the 

lay  a  sioare.    Right  Honorable  Count  Arundell^  being  desirous  to  sec 

anJ  Grifin.     ^j^^  manner  of  the  foresaid  Ceremonies,  staied  with  them, 

and  had  Griffin  with  him :  and  three  of  the  Savages  lodged 

with  us,  in  manner  as  the  nie;ht  before. 

Early  the  next  morning  being  Munday,  the  third  of 

[IV.  viii.        June,  when  they  had  brought  our  men  a  boord,  they  came 

1663.]  about  our  Shippe,  earnestly  by  signes  desiring  we  would 

foe  with  them  along  to  the  Maine,  for  there  they  had 
urres  and  Tobacco  to  traffique  with  us.  Wherefore  our 
Captaine  manned  the  Shallop,  with  as  many  men  as  he 
could  well,  which  was  but  firteene  with  the  Rowers,  and 
we  went  along  with  them :  two  of  their  Canoas  they  sent 
away  before,  and  they  which  were  aboord  us  all  night  kept 
company  with  us  to  direct  us.  This  we  noted  as  we  went 
along,  they  in  the  Canoa  with  three  Oares,  would  at  their 
TAeir  Canca  will  goe  a  head  of  us  and  about  us,  when  we  rowed  with 
out-rofoed  us.  eight  Oares  strong :  such  was  the  swiftnesse  by  reason  of 
the  lightnesse,  and  exquisite  composition  of  their  Canoa 
and  Oares. 

When  we  came  neere  the  point,  where  we  saw  their  fires, 
where  they  intended  to  land,  and  where  they  imagined  some 

346 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  A.0. 

1605. 
few  of  us  should  come  on  Shoare  with  our  merchandise,  as 
wee  had  accustomed  before :  when  they  had  often  numbred 
our  men  very  diligently,  thev  scoured  away  to  their  com- 
pany, not  doubting  we  would  have  followed  them.  But 
when  wee  perceived  this,  and  knew  not  either  their  intents, 
or  number  of  Savages  on  the  Shoare,  our  Captain  after 
consultation  stood  of  and  weffed  them  to  us,  determining 
that  I  should  goe  a  Shoare  first  to  take  a  view  of  them, 
and  what  they  had  to  traffique,  if  he  whom  at  our  first 
sight  of  them  seemed  to  be  of  most  respect,  and  being 
then  in  the  Canoa,  would  stay  as  a  pawne  for  me.  When 
they  came  to  us  (notwithstanding  all  our  former  courtesies) 
he  utterly  refused,  but  would  leave  a  yong  Savage,  and 
for  him  our  Captaine  sent  Griffin  in  their  Canoa,  while  we 
ky  hulling  a  httle  of.  He  at  his  returne  reported,  they 
had  there  assembled  together,  as  he  numbred  them,  two  283.  Savagts 
hundred  fourescore  and  three  Savages,  every  one  his  Bowc  ^'^^^^  ^ 
and  Arrowes,  with  their  Dog^es,  and  Wolves  which  they 
keepe  tame  at  command :  and  not  any  thing  to  exchange 
at  all,  but  would  have  drawne  us  farther  up  into  a  litUc 
narrow  nooke  of  a  River,  for  their  Furres  as  they  pre^ 
tended. 

We  began  to  alter  our  opinion  of  them,  and  to  joyne  DisposiHon  of 
them  in  Ae  ranke  of  all  Savages,  who  have  beene  by  all  ^^&{ « ^^ 
travailers  and  in  all  discoveries  foimd  very  treacherous,  jiT^^  ta 
never  attempting  mischiefe,  untill  ^by  some  remisnesse)  other  their 
fit  opportunity  smFordeth  them  certame  ability  to  execute  deoRngsfiund 
the  same.     Wherefore  we  humbly  gave  God  thankes,  who  ^  true. 
had  given  us  understanding  to  prevent  this,  and  thereby 
warning  to  foresee  and  prepare  our  selves  against  the  like 
danger.     And  after  good  advise  taken,  our  Captaine  deter- 
mined, so  soone  as  we  could  to  Ship  some  or  them,  least 
{being  suspicious  we  had  discovered  their  plots)   they 
should  absent  themselves  fi-om  us,  which  surely  they  had 
done,  if  we  had  not  laid  hold  of  the  next  occasion. 

Tuesday  came  to  the  Ship,  there  were  two  Canoas,  and 
in  either  of  them  three  Savages,  of  whom  two  were  below 
at  the  fire,  the  other  staied  about  the  Ship  for  victuall: 

347 


A.D. 

1605. 


We  caught 
five  SavaggSy 
two  Canoasy 
and  Bowesy 
Arrotos. 


Our  Caftaine 
sounded  about 
the  I  lands 
Roches  and 
mouth  of  the 
Harbour, 


Two  Cauoas 
cameaboordus 
from  the 
Bashabe. 


Their  Orna- 
ments of 
gaUantnesse. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

and  because  we  covdd  by  no  meanes  entice  them  aboord, 
we  gave  them  a  Can  of  Pease  and  Bread,  which  they 
carried  to  the  shoare  to  eate,  but  one  of  them  brought 
backe  our  Can  againe  presently,  and  staied  aboord  with 
the  other  two,  for  he  being  yong  of  a  ready  capacitie,  and 
one  wee  most  desired  to  bring  with  us  into  England,  had 
received  exceeding  kinde  usage  at  our  hands,  and  therefore 
was  much  delighted  in  our  company:  we  shipped  him, 
and  foure  others,  two  Canoas,  with  all  their  Bowes  and 
Arrowes,  which  is  the  chiefe  substance  they  possesse. 

Saturday  the  eight  of  June,  our  Captaine  being  desirous 
to  finish  all  businesse  about  this  Harbour,  very  early  in 
the  morning  with  the  Pinnace  coasted  five  or  sixe  leagues 
about  the  Ilands  adjoyning,  and  sounded  all  along  where- 
soever he  went:  he  likewise  diligently  searched  and 
sounded  along  before  the  mouth  of  the  Harbour,  about 
the  Rocks  which  shew  themselves  at  all  times,  and  are  an 
excellent  breach  of  the  water,  so  as  no  Sea  can  come  in  to 
offend  the  Harbour.  This  he  did  to  instruct  himsclfe, 
and  thereby  able  to  direct  others  that  shall  happen  to  come 
to  this  place :  for  every  where  both  neere  the  Rockes  and 
in  all  sounding  about  the  Ilands,  wee  never  found  lesse 
water  then  foure  or  five  fathome,  which  was  very  seldome, 
but  seven,  eight,  nine,  and  ten  fathome,  is  the  continual! 
sounding  by  the  shoare,  in  some  places  much  deeper,  upon 
clay  Oaze  or  soft  Sand. 

This  day  about  one  a  clocke  afternoone,  came  from  the 
Eastward  two  Canoas  aboord  us,  wherein  was  he  that 
refused  to  stay  with  us  for  a  Pawne,  and  with  him  six 
other  Savages,  whom  we  had  not  seene,  who  had  beautified 
themselves  after  their  manner  very  gaUantly,  though  their 
cloathing  was  not  diflFerent  from  the  former,  yet  they  had 
newly  painted  their  faces  very  deepe,  some  all  blacke,  some 
red,  with  stripes  of  blew  over  their  upper  lip,  nose,  and 
chin.  One  of  them  ware  a  kinde  of  Coronet  about  his 
head,  made  very  cunningly  of  a  substance  like  stiffe  haire, 
coloured  red,  broad,  and  more  then  a  handfiill  in  depth, 
which  he  so  much  esteemed,  as  he  would  not  for  any  tnicke 

34? 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  ad. 

1605. 
exchange  the  same :  other  weare  the  white  feathered  skins 
of  some  Fowle  round  about  their  head,  Jewels  in  their 
eares,  &  Bracelets  of  little  white  round  bone,  fastened 
together  upon  a  leather  string.  These  made  not  any  shew 
that  they  had  notice  of  the  other  before  taken,  but  we 
understood  them  by  their  speech  &  signes,  that  they 
came  sent  from  the  Bashabe,  and  that  his  desire 
was,  we  would  bring  up  our  Ship  (which  they  call 
a  Quiden)  to  his  house,  being  as  they  pointed  upon  the 
Maine  towards  the  East,  from  whence  they  came,  and  that 
hee  would  exchange  with  us  for  Furres  and  Tobacco :  but 
because  we  had  no  desire  to  discover  any  further  that 
way,  and  now  making  what  speede  we  could  up  the  River ; 
wee  let  them  understand,  that  if  their  Bashabe  would  [IV.  viii. 
come  to  us,  hee  should  be  very  welcome,  but  wee  would  1664.] 

not  remove  to  him. 

Tuesday,  the  eleventh  of  June,  we  passed  up  into  the  iVe  went  up 
River  with  our  Ship  about  six  and  twenty  miles ;  of  which  '^^^^^  ^^J^ 
(were  it  not  of  necessitie  I  must  report  somewhat)  I  had  ^^  ^*'    ^'* 
much  rather  not  to  write,  then  by  my  relation  to  detract 
from  the  worthinesse  thereof,  not  being  sufficient  in  words 
to  expresse  the  abundant  utilitie  and  sweete  pleasantnesse 
it  yeeldeth.     For  the  River  besides  that  it  is  subject 
hereafter    by    Shipping    to    bring    in    all    traffiques    of 
Merchandise. 

The  first  and  chiefest  thing  reauired  for  a  Plantation,  is  The  profits  of 
a  bold  Coast,  and  faire  Land  to  fall  with.     The  next,  a  safe  the  River. 
Harbour  for  Ships  to  ride  in. 

The  first  is  a  speciall  attribute  to  this  Shoare,  being  most 
free  from  Sands  or  dangerous  Rockes,  in  a  continuaU  good 
depth,  with  a  most  excellent  Landfall    as  can  be  desired ; 
which  is  the  first  Hand,  named  Saint  Georges  Hand.     For  Saint  Georges 
the  second,  by  judgement  of  our  Captaine,  who  knoweth  llandtheLand 
most    of   the   Coast   of   England,   and   most   of   other  -^^^• 
Countries  (having  beene  experienced  by  implyments  in 
discoveries  and  travailes  from  his  childehood)  and  by 
opinion  of  others  of  good  judgement  in  our  Ship.     Here 
are  more  good  Harbours  for  Ships  of  all  burthens,  then 

349 


A.D. 
1605. 


The  breadth  of 
the  River  fir 
almost  40. 
miles. 


The  ground  is 
Ooze  y 

What  it 
Jhweth, 

Docks  to 
grave  and 
Carine  Ships. 


Salmons  and 
store  offish. 


The  Land. 


The  Wood, 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

all  England  can  afoord :  And  farre  more  secure  from  all 
windes  and  weathers,  then  any  in  England,  Scotland, 
Ireland,  France,  Spaine,  or  any  other  part  hitherto  dis- 
covered, whereof  we  have  received  any  relation:  for 
(besides  without  the  River  in  the  channell  and  Sounds 
about  the  Hands  adjoyning  to  the  Mouth  thereof,  no 
better  riding^  can  be  desired  for  an  infinite  number  of 
ships)  the  River  it  selfe,  as  it  runneth  up  into  the  Maine 
very  nifi;h  fortie  miles  towards  the  great  Mountaines, 
beareth  in  breadth  a  mile,  sometimes  three  Quarters,  and 
halfe  a  mile  is  the  narrowest,  where  vou  shall  never  have 
under  foure  or  five  fathom  water  hard  by  the  Shoarc, 
but  six,  seven,  eight,  nine,  and  ten  fathom  at  a  low  water. 
And  on  both  sides,  every  halfe  mile,  verie  gallant  Coves, 
some  able  to  containe  abnost  a  hundred  Sayle,  where  the 
ground  is  excellent  soft  oaze  with  a  tough  clay  under  for 
Anker  hold;  and  where  Ships  may  lye  without  cither 
Anker  or  Cable  onely  mored  to  the  Shoare  with  a  Haxur. 
It  floweth,  by  their  judgement,  sixteene  or  eighteene  foote 
at  a  high  water.  Here  are  made  by  nature  most  excellent 
places,  as  Dockes  to  grave  and  Carine  Ships  of  all  burthens, 
secured  from  all  windes,  which  is  such  a  necessary  incom- 
parable benefit,  that  in  few  places  in  England,  or  in  any 
other  parts  of  Christendome,  Art  with  great  charges  can 
make  the  like. 

It  yeeldeth  plentie  of  Salmons,  and  other  fishes  of  great 
bignesse,  and  assuredly  great  probabilitie  of  better  things 
therein  to  be  found,  seeing  about  the  Hands  wee  had  such 
certaine  hope  of  Pearle  and  Oare.  Besides  all  these  com- 
modities innative  to  this  River,  the  bordering  Land  is  a 
most  rich  neighboxir  trending  all  along  on  both  sides,  in 
an  equall  Plaine,  neither  Mountainous  nor  Rockie,  but 
verged  with  a  mttnt  bordure  of  grasse,  doth  make  tender 
unto  the  behofier  of  her  pleasant  fertility,  if  by  clensing 
away  the  woods,  shee  were  converted  into  Medow.  The 
Wood  it  beareth  is  no  shrubbish,  fit  onely  for  fewell,  but 
good  tall  Firre,  Spruce,  Birds,  Beech,  and  Oake,  which  in 
many  places  is  not  so  thicke,  but  may  with  small  labour  be 

350 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  ad. 

1605. 
made  feeding  ground,  bein^  plentiful!  like  the  outward 
Hands  with  fresh  water,  which  streameth  downe  in  many 
places. 

As  we  passed  with  a  gende  winde  up  with  our  Ship  in 
this  River,  any  man  may  conceive  with  what  admiration 
wee  all  consented  in  joy ;  many  who  had  beene  travellers 
in  sundry  Countries,  and  in  the  most  famous  Rivers,  yet 
affirmed  them  not  comparable  to  this  they  now  beheld.  This  River 
Some  that  were  with  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  in  his  Voyage  K^^^^ 
to  Guiana,  in  the  Discovery  of  the  River  Orienoque,  q^^^^ 
which  eccoed  fame  to  the  worlds  eares ;  gave  reasons  why 
it  was  not  to  be  compared  with  this,  which  wanteth  the 
dangers  of  many  Shoalds  and  broken  grounds,  wherewith 
that  was  encombred.     Others  preferred  it  farre  before 
that  notable  River  in  the  West  Indias,  called  Rio  Grande :   ^fA^  *^ 
some  before  the  Rivers  of  Burduna,  Orleance,  and  Brest  ^^^^^^ 
in  France,  Naunce,  and  the  River  of  Rhoahe:   which     ^^ 
although  they  be  great  and  goodly  Rivers,  yet  it  is  no 
detraction  from  them  to  be  accounted  inferioxir  to  this, 
which  not  onely  yeeldeth  all  the  aforesaid  pleasant  profits, 
but  also  appeared  infallibly  to  us  free  from  all  imagined  Nescio  qua 
inconveniences.     I  will  not  preferre  it  before  our  River  ^atak  solum^ 
of  Thames,  because  it  is  Natale  solum,  Englands  richest  ^^' 
treasure,  but  wee  all  did  wish  those  excellent  Harbours, 
good  Deepes,  in  a  continuall  convenient  breadth,  and  small 
tide  gates,  to  be  as  well  therein  for  our  Countrie  good,  as 
wee  foxmd  them  here  (beyond  our  hopes)  in  certaine  for 
those  to  whom  it  shall  please  God  to  grant  this  Land  for 
habitation:   which  if  it  had  with  the  other  inseperable 
adherent  Commodities  here  to  be  found;    then  I  would 
boldly  affirme  it  to  be  the  most  rich,  beautifuU,  large,  and 
secure  harbouring  River  that  the  world  affordeth ;   for  if 
man  should  wish,  or  Art  invent,  a  River  subject  to  all 
conveniencies,  and  free  from  all  dangers,  here  they  may 
take  a  view  in  a  Plat-forme  framed  by  Nature,  who  in 
her  perfection  farre  exceedeth  all  Arts  invention. 

Wednesday  the  twelfth  of  June,  o\ir  Captaine  manned 
his  Shallop  with  seventeene  men,  and  ran  up  to  the  Codde 

351 


A.D. 

i6os. 

We  marched 
up  into  the 
imd  above 
three  miles. 
[IV.  viii. 

1665.] 


Good  Pasture. 


Timber  trees 
upon  the  Hi/s, 


Deere, 

Hares, 

Hogges, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

of  the  River,  where  we  knded,  leaving  six  to  keepe  the 
Shallop  till  our  returne.  Ten  of  us  with  our  Shot,  and 
some  armed,  with  a  Boy  to  carry  Powder  and  Matdi, 
marched  up  into  the  Countrie  towards  the  Mountaines, 
which  we  descried  at  our  first  falling  with  the  Land,  and 
were  continually  in  our  view.  Unto  some  of  them  the 
River  brought  us  so  neere,  as  we  judged  our  selves  when 
we  landed,  to  have  beene  within  a  league  of  them,  but 
we  found  diem  not,  having  marched  weU  nigh  foure  miles 
up  in  the  Maine,  and  passed  three  great  has ;  wherefore 
because  the  weather  was  parching  hot,  and  our  men  in 
their  Armour  not  able  to  travell  rarre  and  returne  to  our 
Pinnasse  that  night,  we  resolved  not  to  passe  any  further, 
being  all  very  weary  of  so  tedious  and  laboursome  a 
travell. 

In  this  march  we  passed  over  very  good  ground, 
pleasant  and  fertile,  fit  for  pasture,  having  but  little  wood, 
and  that  Oake,  like  stands  left  in  our  Pastures  in  England, 

food  and  great  fit  timber  for  any  use ;  some  small  Birch, 
lazell  and  Brake,  which  might  in  small  time  be  clensed 
with  few  men,  and  made  good  errable  Land ;  but  as  it  is 
now  will  feede  Cattell  of  all  kindes  with  Fodder  enough 
for  Summer  and  Winter.  The  soyle  is  good,  bearing 
sundry  Hearbes,  Grasse,  and  Strawberries,  in  many  places 
are  low  thickets,  like  our  Copisses  of  small  Wood :  And 
it  doth  all  resemble  a  stately  Parke,  wherein  appeare  some 
old  trees  with  high  withered  tops,  and  other  flourishing 
with  living  greene  boughes:  till  we  came  to  the  Hils 
upon  which  doe  grow  exceeding  tall,  streight,  and  excellent 
great  timber  of  sundry  kindes,  mast  for  Ships  of  foure 
hundred  tunnes,  and  at  the  bottome  of  everv  hill,  a  little 
run  of  fresh  water;  but  the  furthest  and  last  we  came 
unto  ran  with  a  great  streame  able  to  drive  a  small  Mill. 
Wee  might  see  in  some  places,  where  Deere  and  Hares 
had  beene ;  and  by  the  rooting  of  ground  we  supposed 
wilde  Hogs  had  ranged  there,  but  we  could  descry  no 
Beast,  because  our  noise  still  chased  them  from  us. 
We  were  no  sooner  come  aboord  our  Pinnasse,  return- 

35« 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  a,d. 

1605. 
ing  towards  oiir  Ship,  but  wee  espied  a  Canoa  comming 
from  the  further  part  of  the  Cod  of  the  River  Eastward, 
which  hasted  to  us;    wherein  with  two  others  was  he 
whom  we  accoimted  chiefe  of  his  Company:    and  his 
comming  was  very  earnestly  importuning  to  nave  one  of 
our  men  to  goe  lye  with  their  Bashabe  or  Captaine  (as 
they  now  tearmed  him)  who  was  there  ashoare  (as  they 
simied)  and  then  the  next  morning  he  would  come  to  our 
Ship  with  Furres  and  Tobacco.     This  we  perceived  to  Apktofthe 
be  onely  a  meere  device  to  get  possession  or  any  of  our  ^ovag^s. 
men,  to  ransome  all  those  we  had  taken;    which  their 
natxirall  pollicy  could  not  so  shaddow,  but  we  did  easily 
discover  and  prevent. 

These  meanes  were  by  this  Savage  practised,  because  we 
had  one  of  his  kinsmen  prisoner,  as  we  judged  by  his 
most  kinde  usage  of  him,  being  aboord  us  togeth^. 

Thursday,  the  thirteenth  of  June,  by  two  a  clocke  in 
the  morning  (because  our  Captain  would  take  the  helpe 
and  advantage  of  the  Tide)  in  the  Pinnace  with  our  Com- 
pany well  provided  and  furnished  with  Armour  and  Shot 
both  to  defend  and  offend :  we  went  from  our  Ship  up  We  searched 
to  that  part  of  the  River  which  trended  West  into  the  the  Westeme 
Maine,  to  search  that,  and  wee  carried  with  us  a  Crosse  to  P^'^  ^f^^ 
erect  at  that  point ;  which,  because  it  was  not  day-light,  ^^^^ 
we  left  on  shoare  untill  our  leturne  backe,  when  we  set  it  another 
up  in  manner  as  the  former.     And  this  we  diligently  Crosse, 
observed,  that  in  no  place  either  about  the  Hands,  or  up 
in  the  Maine,  or  along  the  River,  wee  could  disceme 
any  token  or  signe  that  ever  any  Christian  had  beene  jve  saw  no 
before ;  which  either  by  cutting  wood,  digging  for  water,  signe  that  ever 
or  setting  up  Crosses  (a  thing  never  omitted  by  any   Christian  had 
Christian  travailours)  wee  should  have  perceived  some  3^?^^ 
mention  left. 

But  to  returne  to  our  River,  up  into  which  we  then 
rowed  by  estimation  twenty  miles.  What  profit  or 
pleasure  is  described  and  truely  verified  in  the  former  part 
of  the  River,  is  wholly  doubled  in  this ;  for  the  breadth 
and  depth  is  such,  that  any  Ship  drawing  seventeene  or 
XVIII  353  z 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

eighteene  foote  water  might  have  passed  as  farre  as  we 
went  with  our  Shallop,  and  by  all  our  judgements  much 
further,  because  we  left  it  in  so  good  depth ;  which  is  so 
much  the  more  to  be  esteemed  of  greater  worth,  by  how 
much  it  trendeth  further  up  into  the  Maine :    for  irom 
the  place  of  o\ir  Ships  riding  in  the  Harbour,  at  the 
entrance  into  the  Sound,  to  the  furthest  point  wee  were 
in  this  River,  by  our  estimation  was  not  much  lesse  then 
threescore  miles.     From  each  Banke  of  this  River,  are 
divers    branching    streames    running    into    the    Maine, 
Conveniencyof  whereby  is  afforded  an  unspeakeable  profit,  by  the  con- 
traiuportatioH.  yeniency  of  easie  transportation  from  place  to  place,  which 
in  some  Countries  is  both  very  chargeable,  and  not  so 
fit,  by  Carriages  on  Wane  or  Horsd[>acke.     Here  wee 
Salmon  and     saw  Store  of  Fish,  some  leaping  above  water,  which  we 
^at  plenty  of  judged  to  be  Salmon,  for  they  were  great.     All  .along  is 
•^  *  an  excellent  mould  of  ground,  the  wood  in  most  places, 

especially  on  the  Easterne  side,  very  thin,  chiefely  Oakc 
and  small  Birch,  bordering  low  upon  the  River,  all  fit  for 
Meddow  and  pleasant  Pasture  ground.  And  in  that  space 
wee  went,  wee  had  on  both  sides  the  River  many  pkinc 
places  of  cleere  Meddow,  some  of  three  or  fturc 
acres,  some  eight  or  nine,  so  as  we  judged  in  the  whole 
to  be  betweene  thirty  and  forty  acres  of  good  grasse,  and 
where  the  Armes  runne  into  the  Maine,  there  likewise 
went  a  space  on  both  sides  of  the  cleare  grasse,  how  farre 
we  knew  not.  In  many  places  we  might  see  pathes  Beasts 
had  made  to  come  downe  to  watering.  And  we  all  con- 
cluded (as  I  verily  thinke  we  might  rightly)  that  we  should 
never  see  the  like  River  in  every  degree  equall,  untill  it 
pleased  God  we  beheld  the  same  againe :  for  the  further 
we  went,  the  more  pleasing  it  was  to  every  man,  alluring 
us  still  with  expectation  of  better;  so  as  our  men 
(although  they  had  with  great  laboxir  rowed  long,  and 
eate  nothing)  for  we  carried  with  us  no  victuall  but  a  little 
We  were  all  ^^^^^  ^^^  Bread,  yet  they  were  so  refieshed  with  the 
hathtofirsake  pleasant  beholding  thereof,  and  so  loath  to  forsake  it,  as 
this  River.      some    of   them   affirmed,    they   would    have    continued 

354 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH 

willingly  with  that  onely  fare  and  labour  two  dayes ;  but 
the  Tide  not  suffering  us  to  make  any  longer  stay  (because 
we  were  to  come  backe  with  the  ebbe)  and  our  Captaine 
better  knowing  what  was  fit,  then  we ;  and  better  what 
they  in  labour  were  able  to  endure,  being  very  loath  to 
make  any  desperate  hazard,  where  so  little  necessitie 
required,  thought  it  best  to  make  returne,  because  whether 
we  had  discovered,  was  sufficient  to  conceive  that  the 
River  ranne  very  fiure  into  the  Land :  for  we  passed  sixe 
or  seven  miles  altogether  fresh  water  (whereof  we  all 
dranke)  forced  up  by  the  flowing  of  the  Salt,  which  after 
a  great  while  ebbe  where  we  left  it,  by  bredth  and  depth 
ofChannell  was  likely  to  runne  by  estimation  of  our  whole 
companie  an  unknowne  way  further.  And  as  our  Cap- 
taine verily  thought  (although  hee  then  concealed  it)  might 
possibly  make  a  passage  into  (or  very  nigh)  the  South 
oea :  which  hee  neither  had  commission  nor  time  now 
to  search,  but  hath  left  that  till  his  next  returne:  if  it 
shall  so  please  God  to  dispose  of  him  and  us. 

Friday  the  fourteenth  of  June  early,  by  foure  a  clocke 
in  the  morning  with  the  Tide,  our  two  Boats,  and  a  little 
helpe  of  the  winde,  we  warped  our  shippe  downe  to  the 
Rivers  mouth :  and  there  came  to  an  anchor  about  eleven 
a  clocke.  Afterward  our  Captaine  in  the  Pinnace,  searched 
the  sounding  all  about  the  mouth  and  comming  into  the 
River,  for  his  certaine  instruction  of  a  perfect  description. 

The  next  day  being  Saturday,  we  weighed  anchor,  and 
with  a  briefe  from  the  Land,  we  sayled  up  to  our  watering 
place,  and  there  stopped,  went  ashoare,  and  filled  all  our 
empty  caske  with  fresh  water. 

Our  Captaine  upon  the  Rocke  in  the  middest  of  the 
Harbour  made  his  certaine  observation  by  the  Sunne,  of 
the  height,  latitude,  and  variation  exactly  upon  all  his 
Instruments:  i.  Astrolabe.  2.  Semisphere.  3.  Ring- 
instrument.  4.  Crosse  staflFe.  5.  And  an  excellent 
Compas,  made  for  the  variation.  The  latitude  he  found 
to  be  43.  degrees  20.  minutes.  North.  The  variation, 
II.  degrees  15.  minutes,  viz.  one  point  of  the  Compas 

355 


A.D. 
1605. 

[IV.  viii. 

1666.] 


Tkeliottd 
where  we 
watered  is 
named  Insula 
SancUe 
Crucisy 
because  there 
wee  set  our 
first  Crosse. 
Our  Captaine 
made  his  per- 
fiet  observa- 
tion on  the 
Roche. 


A.DL 

i6o5« 


PUKCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


Westward.  And  it  is  so  much  in  England  at  Lime-]K)use 
TVmferature  by  London,  Eastward.  The  temperature  affoorded  to  us 
ofcUmau.  jjQ  ^)eciall  alteration  from  our  disposition  in  England: 
somewhat  hotter  up  into  the  Maine,  because  it  lieth  open 
to  the  South,  but  scarse  yeelding  a  sensible  difference  to 
any  of  us.  The  aire  so  wholsome,  as  I  suppose,  not  any 
of  us  fbimd  our  selves  at  any  time  more  healthfuU,  more 
able  to  labour,  nor  with  better  stomachs  to  such  good  fare, 
as  we  partly  brought,  and  partly  found. 

Sunday  the  sixteenth  or  June,  the  winde  being  faire, 
and  because  wee  had  set  out  of  England  upon  a  Sunday, 
descried  the  Ilands  upon  a  Sunday,  and  (as  we  doubted 
not)  by  Gods  appointment,  happily  fallen  into  our  Harbour 
upon  a  Sunday:  so  now  beseeching  him  with  like 
prosperitie  to  blesse  our  retume  into  England:  and 
from  thence  (with  his  good-will  and  pleasure)  to  hasten 
and  fortunate  our  next  arrivall  here.  Wee  set  sayle  and 
quit  the  Land  upon  a  Sunday. 

Tuesday  the  eighteenth  day  of  June,  being  not  ninne 
above  five  and  thirty  leagues  from  Land,  and  our  Captaine 
for  his  certaine  knowledge  how  to  fall  with  the  Coast, 
having  sounded  every  watch,  and  from  fifty  fathom  had 
come  m  good  deeping  to  seventy,  and  so  to  an  hundred. 
This  day,  the  weather  being  faire,  after  the  fbure  a  docke 
watch,  when  he  thought  not  to  have  found  ground,  before 
sounding  in  above  a  hundred  fathom,  we  had  ground  in 
fbure  and  twenty  fathom.  Wherefore  our  Sayles  being 
downe,  one  of  our  men  presently  cast  out  a  hooke,  and 
before  hee  judged  it  at  ground  was  fished  and  haled  up 
an  exceeding  great  and  well  fed  Cod :  then  there  were 
cast  out  three  or  foure  hookes  more,  the  fish  was  so  pleati- 
full  and  so  great,  as  when  our  Captaine  would  have  set 
sayle,  we  desired  him  to  suffer  them  to  take  fish  a  while, 
because  wee  were  so  delighted  to  see  them  catch  fish  so 
great,  so  fast  as  the  hooke  came  downe,  some  playine 
Afiskjhmiki,  with  the  hooke  they  tooke  by  the  backe.  And  one  of 
the  Mates,  with  two  hookes  at  a  Lead,  at  five  draughts 
together  haled  up  ten  fishes  all  were  generally  very  great, 

356 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  a.d. 

1605. 
some  were  measured.  This  caused  our  Captaine  not  to 
marvell  at  the  shoalding :  for  he  perceived  it  was  a  fish- 
banke,  which  (for  our  rarewell  from  the  Land)  it  pleased 
God  in  the  continuance  of  his  blessings  to  give  us  know- 
ledge of. 

Sundaf  the  fourteenth  of  July  about  six  a  docke  at 
night  we  were  come  into  sounding  in  our  Channell :  but 
for  want  of  sight  of  the  Sunne  and  Starre,  to  make  a  true 
observation :  and  with  contrary  windes  we  were  con- 
strained to  beate  up  and  downe  till  Tuesday  the  sixteenth 
of  July,  when  by  five  a  clocke  in  the  morning  wee  made 
Sylly :  from  whence  hindred  with  calmes  and  small  windes. 
Upon  Thursday  the  eighteenth  of  July  about  foure  a 
clocke  wee  came  to  andior  safely  in  Dartmouth,  which 
Haven  haply  (with  Gods  assistance)  wee  made  the  last 
and  first  Harbour  in  England,  as  the  Termini  of  our 
Voyage. 

A  bricfe  Note  of  what  profits  we  found  the 
Countrie  yeeld  :  in  the  small  time  of  our  stay 
there. 

Trees.     Cake,  of  ^n  excellent  graine,  straight,  and  great 
timber  ;  Elme,  Beech,  Birch,  very  tall  and  great,  of  whose 
Barque  they  make  their  Canoas ;  Nut-hasle,  Haste,  Alder, 
Cherry  tree.  Ash,  Maple,  Ewe,  Spruce,  Asp,  Fir  in  great  [IV.  viii. 
abundance ;  many  other  fruit  trees  which  we  know  not.  1667.] 

Fowles.  Eagles,  Hernshawes,  Cranes,  Duks  great; 
Geese,  Swans,  Penguins,  Shark,  Crow,  Raven,  Kite,  Soga, 
Mewes,  Doves,  Turtles,  birds  of  sundry  colours;  and 
many  other  fowles  unknown. 

Beasts.  Deere  red  and  fallow,  Beare,  Wolfe,  Beaver, 
Otter,  Hare,  Conie,  Marterns,  Sables,  Hogs,  Porkespines, 
Polcats,  Cats,  wilde  great.  Dogs  some  like  Foxes,  some 
like  our  other  beasts  the  Savages  signe  unto  us  with  homes 
and  broad  eares ;  which  we  take  to  be  Olkes  or  Loshes. 

Fishes.  Whales,  Porpoise,  Seales,  Cod,  very  great; 
Haddocke,  great;  Herring,  Plaise,  Thornbacke,  Rock- 
fish,  Lobster,  great;    Crabbe,  Mussels,  Cockles,  Wilks, 

357 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

Cunner-fish,  Lumpe-fish,  Whiting:     the  Savages  signc 
unto  us  that  they  have  Tortoise  very  great. 

Plants,  Fruits,  Herbs.  Tobacco,  excellent,  sweet  and 
strong;  Vine,  wilde;  Strawberries,  Raspberries,  Goose- 
berries, Hurtleberries,  Corant  trees,  in  abundance;  Rose 
bushes ;  Pease,  which  the  Savages  signe  to  be  very  great 
in  the  Maine ;  Ground-nuts ;  Angelica,  a  most  soveraigne 
herbe ;  and  an  herbe  that  spreadeth  like  Camomell,  and 
smelleth  like  sweet  Marjoram,  great  plenty.  Good  Dies, 
which  appeare  by  their  painting,  which  they  carric  with 
them  in  bladders. 

Words  which  I  learned  of  the  Savages,  in  their 

Language. 

Simne  or  Moone,  Kesus.  Cod-fish,  Biskeiore.  A  fish 
with  homes,  Manedo.  Lobster,  Shoggah.  Rock-fish, 
Shagatocke.  Cockle-fish,  Hesucke.  Mu^ell,  Shoorocke. 
Cunner-fish,  Tattaucke.  Crabbe,  Wussorasha.  Porpoise, 
Muscopeiuck.  Plaise,  Anego.  Tortoise,  Romcaneckc 
Pease,  Ushcomono.  Tobacco,  Tomoch.  A  Icafe, 
Mebeere.  A  weed,  Cashterush.  A  Firre  tree,  Seteodc. 
A  stone,  Nabscurr.  A  Bowe,  Shoanor.  An  Arrow, 
Tobood.     Barke  of  a  tree,  Mashquere.     Water,  Shamo- 

foon.  Sand,  Cheemuck.  Crowe,  Cagagoose.  Hairc, 
Cesser  or  Meris.  A  beard,  Nicowur.  A  Beare,  Rogsoo. 
Beaver,  Paneah.  Otter,  Nymemano.  Rat,  Sanukc. 
Polcat,  Pocamka.  Cat,  Pushuck.  Fallow  Deere,  Coribo. 
Hogge,  Madoso.  Red  Deere,  Moosurr.  They  tell  us 
of  other  beasts,  which  they  call,  Tasquus,  Pisho,  Narsim. 
Teeth,  Ibider.  A  hand  and  finger,  Breeche.  A  Nailc 
of  the  hand,  Cushe.  A  legge,  Codd.  A  foot,  Musseetc. 
Plimi-tree,  Epsegan.  Strawberry,  Pishoa.  Gooseberry, 
Shewanor.  Cherry  tree,  Espegononino.  Corant  tree, 
Asheemena.  Rashberrie,  Kiskeemy.  A  lippe,  Metoan. 
Fire,  Squida.  The  maine  Land,  Bemoquiducke.  Sea, 
Shoubbe.  Father,  Wado.  Sonne,  Usto.  Wane  of  the 
Sea,  Toboogg.  Pitch  and  Tallow,  Poco.  Wilde  Rose, 
Minusheck.      Birch,    Pasquar.      Sword,    Edagawancke. 

358 


GEORGE  WAYMOUTH  a.d, 

1605. 
Mountaine,  Machoucke.  Winde,  Puckchawsen.  Bloud, 
Pagslgocun.  Red  Paint,  Woroman.  Blacke  Paint, 
Cogosho.  A  Dogge,  Remoose.  A  Ship  or  Boat,  Quiden. 
An  Oare,  WuttoEoganor.  A  Garnepo  Fly,  Chussiiah. 
Bread,  Paunc.  Raine,  Soogoran.  A  nose,  Peech-ten. 
An  Axe  or  Hatchet,  Tomahcegon.  A  Knife,  Quodoeon. 
Oake,  Askabesse.  White  fone,  whereof  they  nave 
Chaines,  Girdles,  Bracelets,  Speesone.  The  Cheekc, 
Canoah.  A  Shirt  or  Coat,  Tenoganuke.  The  Chinne, 
Quch.  An  Eye,  Sheesuck.  Eylid,  Momon.  Forehead, 
Scottoquah.  An  Eare,  Fawwucke.  A  fish-hooke, 
Makeecon.     A  Rainbow,  Shomogon. 

The  Names  of  their  chiefe  Govcrnoxirs,  whom  they 
call  Sagomoh.  i.  Bashabez.  2.  Abatuckquishe.  3. 
Bdahanedo,  one  of  them  we  have.  4.  Abokeesussick. 
5.  Shxirokinit.  6.  Psaheno.  7.  Mentoelmet.  8.  Agee- 
mohuck.  9.  Mawermet.  10.  Chanacoboin.  11.  Amil- 
quin.  12.  Muasacoromoneete.  These  dwell  upon  the 
Maine,  and  weare  an  ornament  of  white  bone  upon  their 
head ;  and  Chaines,  and  Bracelets,  and  Girdles,  and  have 
their  skinne  garments  kced  with  them. 

The  Names  of  our  Virginians.  Bdahanedo,  Brother 
to  the  Bashabes.  Amooret,  his  Brother.  Satacomoah. 
Maneduck.  Scikaworrowse. 

Thus  have  I  given  thee  the  proceedings  of  Virginia 
and  New  Englands  Discoverie :  for  the  originall  begin- 
ning of  the  Discoverie,  Sir  Sebastian  Cabot  was  the  first 
Discoverer  both  of  it  and  the  rest  of  the  Continent  of 
America.  The  first  Plantation  was  more  Southerly  by 
the  charges  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh :  as  before  is  shewed. 
The  next  yeerc  New  Patents  were  obtained  of  his 
Majestie,  for  a  double  Plantation  in  these  parts.  I  trouble 
not  the  Reader  with  the  whole  Patent,  both  because  it 
hath  sustained  diversified  alteration,  division  and  sub- 
division, and  because  I  more  minde  things  there  done, 
than  here ;  for  which  cause  I  have  also  omitted  the  Articles 
and  instruction  two  dayes  after  dated,  signed,  and  sealed, 
with  the  Privie  Seale  for  the  government  of  the  said 

359 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1605. 

Plantation,  of  both  which  I  have  the  Copies  hj  met;  I 
onely  here  give  thee  the  beginning  of  the  first  Patent, 
Aprill  10,  1606. 

Chap,  XIIII. 

The  description  of  the  Hands  of  A9ores,  or  the 
Flemish  Ilands,  taken  out  of  Linschoten,  with 
ccrtaine  occurrents,  and  English  acts. 

Linscot,  c,  97.  lu^^iff^  . w^gjY  He  lies  of  A9ores,  or  the  Flemish  Ilands 
mne  Hands.      R^Jfl  nSSwl  are  seven>  that  is,  Tercera,  Saint  Mary, 

Saint  GecMTge,  Gratiosa,  Pico,  and  Faiael. 
There  are  yet  two  Ilands  called  Flores 
and  Corvo,  which  are  not  contained  under 
the  name  of  A9ores :  but  yet  at  this  day 
are  under  the  government  of  the  same 
Ilands,  so  that  they  are  in  all^  accounted  nine  Ilands. 
They  are  called  A9ores,  that  is  to  say,  Sparhawkes  or 
Hawkes,  because  tlMit  in  their  first  discovery,  they  found 
many  Sparhawks,  in  them,  wherof  they  hold  the  name, 
although  at  this  day  there  is  not  anv  there  to  bee  foxind. 
They  are  also  called  the  Flemish  ilands,  that  is,  of  the 
1668.]  Nethprlanders,  because  the  first  that  inhabited  the  same, 
were  Netherlanders,  whereof  till  this  time  there  is  a  great 
number  and  off-spring  remayning,  that  in  manner  and 
behaviour  are  altogether  like  Netherlanders,  and  there  is 
yet  in  the  same  lland  a  running  water,  that  issueth  out 
of  a  HiU>  and  so  runneth  into  the  Sea,  whereas  yet  those 
issues  or  off-springs  of  Netherlanders  inhabite,  and  is 
called  Aribera  dos  Framengos,  that  is,  the  Flemidi  River. 
Tercera.  The  principall  lland  of  them  all,  is  that  of  Tercera, 

called  Insula  de  Jesus  Christus  of  Tercera.  It  is  betwecne 
fifteene  or  sixteene  miles  in  compasse,  and  is  altogether  a 
great  Cliffe  of  Land,  whereby  in  it  there  is  little  roome : 
for  it  is  as  it  were  walled  round  about  with  Cliffes :  but 
where  any  strand  or  sand  is,  there  standeth  a  Fort.  It 
hath  no  Havens  nor  entrance  of  waters,  for  the  securitie 
and  safety  of  the  sbippes,  but  oncly  before  the  chiefe 

3^ 


Why  called 
Azores. 


[IV.  viii. 


A  DESCRIPTION  OF  THE  AZORES  a.ix 

1589- 
Towne  called  Angra,  where  it  hath  an  open  Haven,  which  Angra, 
in  fonne  is  like  a  Halfe-moone,  by  the  Portugals  called 
Angta^  whereof  the  Towne  hath  her  name,  ft  hath  on 
the  one  side  in  manner  of  an  elbow  sticking  forth,  two 
high  Hills,  called  Bresyl,  which  stretch  into  the  Sea,  so 
tlAt  afarre  off  they  aeente  to  bee  divided  from  the  Iland. 
Those  Hills  are  very  high,  so  that  being  upon  them,  a 
man  may  see  at  the  least  tenne,  or  twelve,  ac^  sometimes 
fifteene  miles  into  the  Sea,  being  cleare  weather.  Upon 
these  Hills  there  stand  two  small  stone  PiUers,  where  there 
is  a  Centinell  placed,  that  continually  watcheth  to  see  what 
^ppes  are  at  Sea,  and  so  to  advertise  those  of  the  Hand : 
for  that  as  mamr  shippes  as  he  seeth  comming  out  of  the 
West,  that  is  from  the  Spanish  Indies,  or  Brasilia,  Cabo 
verde,  Guinea^  and  the  Portugall  Indies,  and  all  other 
wayes  lying  South  or  West,  for  every  shippe  hee  setteth 
a  Flagge  upon  the  Pilkr  in  the  West,  and  when  the  shippes 
which  hee  descrieth,  are  more  than  five,  then  hee  setteth 
up  a  great  ancient,  betokenit^  a  whole  Fleete  of  shippes. 
The  like  hee  doth  upon  the  other  Pillar,  which  standeth 
in  the  East,  for  such  shippes  as  come  from  Portugall,  or 
other  places  out  of  the  East  or  North  parts>  these  Pillars 
may  bee  easily  seene  in  all  places  of  the  Towne,  by  reason 
of  the  highnesse  of  the  Hills,  so  that  there  is  not  one 
shippe  or  sayle  that  is  at  Sea,  or  maketh  towards  the  Iland, 
but  it  is  presently  knowne  throughout  all  the  Towne,  and 
over  all  the  whole  Iland:  for  the  watch  is  not  holden 
OAely  upon  those  two  Hills  jutting  into  the  Sea,  but  also 
upon  aU  corners.  Hills  and  Cliffes  throughout  the  Iland, 
and  as  soone  as  they  perceive  any  shippes,  the  Governour 
and  Rulers  are  presently  advertised  thereof,  that  they  may 
take  such  cM-der  therein  as  neede  requireth.  Upon  the 
furthest  corner  into  the  Sea  standeth  a  Fort,  right  against 
another  Fort  that  answereth  it :  so  that  those  two  Forts 
doe  shut  and  defend  the  Mouth  or  open  Haven  of  the 
Towne.  where  the  shippes  lie  in  the  Road,  and  so  no 
shippe  can  either  goe  in  or  come  forth,  without  the  licence 
or  permission  of  those  two  Forts.     This  Towne  of  Angra 

361 


A.D. 
1589. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


Angra 
descried. 


is  not  onely  the  chiefe  Towne  of  Terccra,  but  also  of  all 
other  Townes  within  the  Hands  thereabouts.  Therein  is 
resident,  the  Bishop,  the  Governour  for  the  King,  and  the 
chiefe  place  of  Judgement,  or  tribunall  Seate  of  all  the 
Hands  of  Afores. 

Three  miles  from  this  Towne  licth  another  Towne 
towards  the  North,  called  Villa  de  Praya,  (for  Praya  is 
as  much  to  say,  as  Strand)  because  it  lieth  hard  by  a  great 
strand,  and  for  that  cause  there  is  little  traffique  thither, 
as  not  having  any  convenient  place  for  shippes  to  come  at 
it:  yet  sometimes  there  commcth  some  one,  that  by 
reason  of  contrary  windc  cannot  get  before  the  Towne  of 
Angra,  and  so  by  constraint  discharge  their  goods  in  that 
Towne,  which  from  thence  are  carried  by  Land  to  AMra, 
and  yet  some  part  thereof  is  spent  and  used  there.  It  is 
walled  and  well  housed,  but  not  many  people  in  it,  and 
such  as  are  in  it,  doe  get  their  livings  most  by  husbandry : 
for  there  are  very  faire  Corne  lands.  The  Hand  is  likewise 
very  fruitfuU  and  pleasant,  it  hath  much  Come  and  Wine, 
Wines  small,  but  the  Wine  is  not  very  good  to  carry  into  other 
Countries  thereabouts,  because  it  is  small  and  will  not 
long  continue,  so  that  it  is  used  in  the  Countrey  by  the 
common  people :  but  such  as  are  of  wealth,  for  the  most 
part  drinke  Wines  of  Madera,  and  Canaria.  It  aboundeth 
in  Flesh,  Fish,  and  all  other  necessaries  and  meates  for 
mans  bodie,  wherewith  in  time  of  need  they  might  helpe 
themselves.  Oyle  there  is  none,  but  it  commcth  out  of 
Portug;all.  Also  Salt,  Pots,  Pans,  and  all  kind  of  earthen 
VesseUs,  Chalke,  and  such  like  are  brought  thither  out 
of  other  places,  for  there  they  are  not  to  bee  found :  for 
fruits  they  have  (besides  Peaches  of  divers  kindes,  and 
in  so  great  abundance  that  it  is  strange)  Cherries,  Hums, 
Walnuts,  Hasle-nuts,  Chesnuts,  but  those  not  very  good : 
of  Apples,  Peares,  Oranges  and  Lemons,  with  all  such 
like  fruits  there  are  sufficient.  Of  all  sorts  of  Hearbes 
and  Plants,  as  Coleworts,  Radishes,  and  such  like  they 
have  at  their  certaine  times  of  the  yeere.  They  have 
likewise  in  that  Hand  a  certaine  fruit  that  groweth  imder 

362 


Commodities, 


Fruits. 


A   DESCRIPTION   OF  THE  AZORES  a.d. 

1589. 

the  earth,  like  Radishes  or  other  roots,  but  the  Leaves  or 

Plants  are  Trees  like  Vines,  but  different  leaves,  and 

groweth  longwise  upon  the  ground:    it  beareth  a  fruit 

called  Batatas,  that  is  very  good,  and  is  so  great  that  it  Batatas. 

weigheth  a  pound,  some  more,  some  lesse,  but  little 

esteemed :    and  yet  it  is  a  great  sustenance  and  food  for 

the  common  sort  of  people.     It  is  of  good  account  in 

Portugall,  for  thither  they  use  to  bring  it  for  a  Present, 

and  those  of  the  Hand  by  reason  of  the  great  abundance 

doe  little  esteeme  it.     There  is  also  another  kind  of  stufFe 

that  is  sowed  like  Corne,  and  is  a  fruit :    it  groweth  upon 

the  root  of  the  grasse  or  leaves,  and  is  rounaand  as  bigge 

as  a  ^eat  Pease,  but  not  so  roimd :    in  eating  it  tasteth  [IV.  viii. 

like  £arth-nuts,  but  harder  to  bite :    it  is  likewise  a  good  1669.] 

meate,  and  much  esteemed  in  other  places :   but  by  reason 

of  the  great  quantitie  thereof,  it  is  most  used  to  fatten 

their  Hogges,  and  is  called  Junssa.     There  is  also  in  the  /««w^<w. 

Hand  a  certaine  Plant,  which  is  found  in  all  places  thereof 

in  the  open  fieldes:    it  groweth  as  high  as  a  man,  and 

beareth  no  fruit,  onely  the  roote  thereof  is  a  substance  A  rtnufit  to 

of  the  thicknesse  of  a  mans  two  fists,  and  in  shew  as  if  ^'  ^owgn. 

it  were  naturall  golden  haire,  and  in  handling  like  soft 

Silke,  which  is  used  there  to  stufFe  and  fill  their  Beddes 

in  stead  of  WooU  and  Feathers:    and  I  doe  certainly 

beleeve,  if  any  man  of  understanding  would  take  it  in 

hand,  it  would  well  be  woven.     The  principallest  traffique 

of  this  Uand,  is  their  Woade,  such  as  wee  use  for  dying,  Wood. 

whereof  much  is  made  in  that  Hand,  and  is  fetched  from 

thence  by  Englishmen,  Scots,  and  Frenchmen,  in  barter 

for  Cloathes  and  other  wares,  who  continually  trafHque 

into  that  Hand:    and  although  by  reason  of  the  warres, 

the  Englishmen  are  forbidden  to  traffique  thither,  yet 

under  the  names  of  Scots  and  Frenchmen,  they  have  con- 

tinuall  trade  there.     The  Hand  hath  not  any  wilde  beasts  . 

or  fowles,  but  very  few,  saving  onely  Canary  birds,  which  Canarj  birds. 

are  there  by  thousands,  where  many  Birders  take  them, 

and  thereof  make  a  daily  living,  by  carrying  them  into 

divers  places.     It  hath  also  wonderfull  many  Quailes,  I 

363  I 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

which  they  call  Codomisen :  of  tame  fbwles,  as  Hennes, 
and  Gynnie  Hennes  are  there  likewise  great  store.  Hunt- 
ing is  there  little  used,  but  onely  for  Conies,  which  ait 
very  great :  Hares,  Harts,  Partridges,  Venison,  and  such 
like,  are  not  there  to  be  found,  because  of  the  little  respect 
and  care  the  Inhabitants  have  to  breed  any  such  things. 
Fish  is  very  plentifull,  and  of  divers  kindes,  and  very 
good :  in  Summer  there  is  great  store  taken,  for  in  Winter 
they  can  hardly  brooke  the  Seas.  The  chiefe  moneths 
fViuter.  of  Winter  weather  for  raine  and  stc^mes  are,  ^nuarie, 
Februarie,  March  and  Aprill,  and  also  the  moneth  of 
September  is  commonly  very  stormy:  all  the  other 
moneths  it  is  commonly  good  weather.  The  Countrcjr 
is  very  hilly,  and  in  some  places  wooddy,  full  of  bushes 
and  trees :  it  is  hard  to  travell,  because  their  wayes  for 
the  most  part  are  stony,  so  that  for  a  mile,  or  a  mile  and 

Stmm,  a  halfe  together,  men  can  see  no  ground,  but  ooely  st(»cs, 
which  fbr  sharpnesse  and  fashion  shew  like  pointed 
Diamants,  whereby  cme  can  hardly  treade  upon  it,  lest 
it  should  cut  through  both  shooes  and  feet :  and  yet  it  is 
all  planted  with  Vines,  so  full  and  thicke,  tjiat  in  Summer 
time  you  can  hardly  see  through  it,  for  that  the  rootes 
thereof  doe  growe  betweene  the  stones :  so  that  a  nuut 
would  thinke  it  impossible  that  any  thing^  should  growe 
therein  r  and  which  is  more,  in  some  places  it  seemeth 
impossible  for  a  man  to  treade  upon  it,  being  so  wilde 
and  desart  as  it  sheweth,  and  nothing  but  hard  stones  and 
Rockes.  On  good  ground  their  Yhnes  will  not  growe, 
but  onely  in  uie  wikie  and  stony  places:  and  for  that 
cause  they  are  much  esteemed. 

The  good  gnyundes  and  pkine  fields,  which  in  some 
places  are  very  many,  espeaally  by  Villa  da  Pra)ra,  are 
sowed  with  Cornc  and  Woade,  and  they  have  so  much 
Come,  that  they  necde  not  brin^  any  frrai  other  places: 
although  that  besides  their  Inhabitants,  and  natural!  borne 
Ilanders,  they  have  continually  with  them  fbiirteene  Com- 
panies of  Spaniards,  which  are  all  fedde  and  nourished  by 
the  Come  that  groweth  in  the  Countrey,  unlesse  there 

364 


A  DESCBIPTION  OF  THE  AZORES 


A.D. 
1589. 


chance  to  come  a  hard  and  unfruitful  veere,  as  oftentimes 
it  doth,  for  then  they  are  forced  to  helpe  themselves  with 
forraine  Come,  and  that  especially  because  of  the  Souldiers 
that  lie  in  the  Hand :  and  yet  it  is  strange,  that  the  Corne, 
and  all  other  things  in  the  Iknd  continue  not  above  one  Ctnumtilmt 
yecre,  and  that  which  is  kept  above  a  yeere  is  na\ight,  hutajten, 
and  nothing  worth.  And  therefore  to  keepe  their  Corne 
longer  than  a  yeere,  they  are  forced  to  burie  it  in  the  earth 
for  the  space  of  foure  or  five  moneths  together,  to  the 
which  end  every  Townesman  hath  his  Pit  at  one  end  of 
the  Towne  in  the  conunon  high-way,  which  is  appointed 
for  the  purpose,  and  every  man  setteth  his  marke  upon 
his  Pit-stone :  the  Come  is  but  lightly  buried  in  the  C^rm  humi, 
earth :  the  holes  within  are  round,  and  the  toppes  thereof 
so  wide  that  a  man  may  creepe  in,  whereunto  there  is  a 
stone  purposely  made  to  cover  it,  which  shutteth  it  up 
very  close.  Some  of  the  Pittes  are  so  great,  as  that  they 
may  hold  two  or  three  kstes  of  Come,  some  greater,  and 
some  smaller,  as  every  man  hath  his  provision :  and  as 
soone  as  the  Corne  is  reaped,  and  fanned  (which  is  in 
July)  every  man  putteth  his  Come  into  those  Pittes,  laying 
straw  under  and  round  about  it,  and  then  they  fill  it  ful^ 
or  but  halfe  foil,  according  as  their  quantitie  is,  and  so 
stop  it  up  with  the  stone,  which  they  cover  with  earth, 
and  so  let  it  stand  untill  Christmas,  when  every  man  that 
will  fetch  home  his  Come:  some  let  it  lie  longer,  and 
fetch  it  by  little  and  little,  as  they  use  it :  but  the  Come 
is  as  good  when  they  take  it  out,  as  it  was  at  the  first 
houre  that  they  put  it  in:  and  altho\igh  that  Carts, 
Horses,  and  men  doe  commonly  passe  over  it,  and  also 
that  the  raine  raineth  upon  it,  yet  there  entreth  not  any 
drop  of  raine  or  moisture  into  it :  and  if  the  Corne  were 
not  buried  in  that  manner,  it  would  not  continue  good 
above  foure  moneths  together,  but  would  be  spofled: 
and  when  it  hath  beene  thus  for  a  long  time  biuied 
in  the  earth,  it  will  continue  the  whole  yeere  through, 
and  then  they  keepe  it  in  Chists,  or  make  a  thing 
of   Mats,   like  a  Coope,   to  preserve   it  in,   not  once 

365 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

^589- 

stirring    or    mooving    it,    and    so    it    continueth   verjr 

good. 

The  greatest  commoditie  they  have  in  the  Land,  and 

that  serveth  their  txirnes  best,  is  their  Oxen :  and  I  beleeve 

Great  Oxen,    they  are  the  greatest  and  fairest  that  are  to  bee  found  in 

[IV.  viii.       all   Christendome,   with   immeasurable   great   and  long 

/^7o-]  homes.     Every  Oxe  hath  his  severall  name  like  men,  and 

their  uMtes.     although  there  bee  a  thousand  of  them  in  a  heard,  and 

that  one  of  them  bee  called  by  his  name,  he  presently 

commeth  forth  unto  his  master  that  calleth  him.    The 

Land  is  very  high,  and  as  it  seemeth  hollow :    for  that  as 

they  passe  over  a  Hill  of  stone,  the  ground  soundeth 

under  them  as  if  it  were  a  Seller,  so  that  it  seemeth  in 

divers  places  to  have  holes  under  the  earth,  whereby  it  is 

much  subject  to  Earthquakes,  as  also  all  the  other  Hands 

are :    for  there  it  is  a  common  thing,  and  all  those  Hands 

Brimstone,       for  the  most  part  have  had  Myne  of  Brimstone,  for  that 

in  many  places  of  Tercera,  and  Saint  Michael,  the  smoake 

and  savour  of  Brimstone  doeth  still  issue  forth  of  the 

ground,  and  the  Countrey  round  about  is  all  sindged  and 

Hot  Springs,    burnt.     Also  there  are  places  wherein  there  are  Fountaines 

and  Wells,  the  water  whereof  is  so  hot  that  it  will  boyle 

an  egge,  as  well  as  if  it  hung  over  a  fire. 

In  the  Hand  of  Tercera,  about  three  miles  firom  Angra, 

Gua/naSfring  there  is  a  Fountaine  in  a  place  called  Gualua,  which  hath 

turning  wood    a  propertie,  that  all  the  wood  which  falleth  into  it,  by 

into  stone.        length  of  time  £onvcrteth  into  stone,  as  I  my  selfe  by 

experience  have  tried.     In  the  same  Fountaine  by  the 

roote  of  a  tree,  whereof  the  one  halfe  runneth  under  that 

water,  and  is  turned  into  as  hard  stone  as  if  it  were  Steele: 

and  the  other  part  of  the  roote  (which  the  water  toucheth 

not^  is  still  wood  and  root,  as  it  should  be.     The  Hand 

hatn  great  store  and  excellent  kinds  of  wood,  ^ecially 

Cedars  Cedar  trees,  which  growe  there  in  so  great  numbers,  that 

common.  ^^^  make  Scutes,  Carts,  and  other  grosse  workcs  thereof, 

and  is  the  commonest  wood  that  they  use  to  bume  in 

those  Countries,  whereby  it  is  the  wood  that  with  them 

is  least  esteemed,  by  reason  of  the  great  quantity  thereof. 

366 


A  DESCRIPTION  OF  THE  AZORES  a.d. 

1589. 

There  is  another  kindc  of  wood  called  Sanguinho,  and  Sangianho 

is  very  faire  of  a  red  coloxir,  and  another  sort  that  they  «'«*^- 

caD  white  Wood,  being  of  it  selfe  as  white  as  Chalke :    White  and 

other  that  is  perfect  yeuow,  and  all  naturall  without  any  y^^^  «'^^- 

dying :   and  therefore  there  are  divers  good  workemen  in 

Tercera,  that  are  skilfiill  in  Joyners  Occupation,  and  make 

many  fine  pieces  of  worke,  as  Deskes,  Cupboords,  Chists, 

and  other  such  like  things,  whereof  many  are  carried  into 

Portugall,  and  much  esteemed  there,  as  well  for  the  beauty 

of  the  wood,  as  for  the  workmanship.     And  specially  the 

Spanish  Fleet,  which  ordinarily  refresh  themselves  in  that 

Iknd,  doe  carrie  much  of  it  from  thence;   for  it  is  the 

best  and  finest  that  is  made  in  all  Spaine  and  Portugall, 

although  it  bee  not  comparable  to  the  Deskes,  and  fine 

workmanship  of  Nurembergh,  and  those  Countreyes :   but 

for  Wood  it  excelleth  all  other  Countreyes,  for  that  they 

have  in  the  Spanish  Fleete,  besides  their  owne  kindes  of 

woods,  at  the  least  a  thousand  sorts  of  wood  of  all  colours 

that  man  can  imagine  or  devise,  and  so  faire,  that  more 

fiurer  can  not  bee  painted.     There  is  a  certaine  kinde  of 

wood  in  the  Hand  Pico,  situate  and  lying  twelve  miles 

firom  Tercera,  called  Teixo,  a  most  excellent  and  princely  THxo  a  kind 

wood,  and  therefore  it  is  forbidden  to  bee  cut,  but  onely  rf^°^^ 

for  the  Kings  owne  use,  or  for  his  Officers.     The  wood     ^  ^'  ^^^' 

is  as  hard  as  Iron,  and  hath  a  colour  within,  as  if  it  were 

wrought,  like  red  Chamlet,  with  the  same  water,  and  the 

older  it  is,  and  the  more  used,  the  fairer  it  is  of  colour,  so 

that  it  is  worthie  to  bee  esteemed,  as  in  truth  it  is. 

All  those  Hands  are  inhabited  by  Portugals :    but  since  Inhabitants. 

the  troubles  in  Portugall,  there  have  beene  divers  Spanish 

Souldiers  sent  thither,  and  a  Spanish  Governovu*,  that  Souldiers, 

keepe   all   the  Forts  and  Castles  in   their  possessions, 

although  the  Portugals  are  put  to  no  charges,  nor  yet 

hardly  used  by  them,  but  are  rather  kept  short,  so  that 

not  one  Souldier  dareth  goe  out  of  the  Towne,  with  out 

licence :    and  therefore  men  may  quietly  travell  thro\igh- 

out  the  Hand,  both  day  and  night,  without  any  trouble. 

Likewise  they  will  not  sufiFer  any  stranger  to  travell  to  Strangtn. 

367 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

see  the  G)untrey :  and  this  order  was  not  brought  up 
hj  the  Spaniards,  but  by  the  Portugals  themselves,  before 
their  troubles,  (for  they  would  never  permit  it :)  and  which 
is  more,  all  strangers  that  came  thither  were  usually 
appointed  a  certaine  streete,  wherein  they  should  sell  their 
wares,  and  might  not  goe  out  of  that  streete.  Now  it  is 
not  so  straightly  looked  unto,  but  they  may  goe  in  all 
places  of  the  Towne,  and  within  the  Iland,  but  not  about 
it,  to  view  the  Coast :  which  notwithstanding  was  granted 
unto  us,  by  the  Govemour  himselfe,  who  lent  us  his 
Horses  to  ride  about,  and  gave  us  leave  to  see  all  the 
Forts,  which  at  this  time  is  not  permitted  to  the  natunll 
borne  Ilanders,  neither  are  they  so  much  credited.  Wee 
rode  twice  about  the  Iland,  which  hee  granted  us  leave 
to  doe,  by  meanes  of  certaine  particular  friendship  wee 
had  with  him:  neither  could  the  Portugals  hinder  us 
therein,  because  wee  were  in  the  Kings  service,  as  Factors 
for  the  Kings  Pepper,  and  for  that,  they  accounted  us  as 
naturall  borne  Portugals:  for  the  Governour  would 
willingly  have  had  mee  to  have  drawne  a  plot  of  the 
whole  Iland,  that  hee  mij^ht  have  sent  it  to  the  King: 
wherein  I  excused  my  selfc :  yet  I  made  him  the  Towne 
with  the  Haven,  comming  in,  and  Forts  of  Angra,  which 
hee  sent  unto  the  King,  the  like  whereof  you  may  in  this 
Booke  behold :  for  the  which  the  Govemour  was  greatly 
affected  unto  mee,  and  shewed  mee  much  friendship. 
Wee  had  in  otir  Lodging  a  French  Merchant  and  a  Scot, 
that  willingly  woiild  have  gone  with  us,  to  see  the  Hand, 
but  could  not  be  suffered :  for  the  Portugals  thinke  that 
they  would  take  the  proportion  thereof,  and  so  seeke  to 
defeate  them  of  their  right. 
[IV.  viii.  But  returning  to  our  matter,  the  Hands  are  very  good, 

1671.]  and  holesome  ayre,  and  the  diseases  that  are  most  common 
in  those  Countries,  though  not  very  plentifoll,  but  ondy 
Theaytja     here  and  there  one,  are  one  sicknesse  caUed  O  Ar,  that 
iisea$e.  jg,  a  kinde  of  bad  ayre  that  taketh  them,  and  makcth 

them  altogether  lame,  or  halfe  lame  of  their  limmes,  or 
of  some  one  limme :    and  another  sicknesse,  that  is  called 

368 


A  DESCRIPTION  OF  THE  AZORES  ad. 

1589. 

O  Sange,  that  is,  a  certaine  bloud,  that  hastely  commeth 
upon  a  man,  as  a  swelling  in  the  eyes,  or  other  places  of 
the  face,  or  of  the  body,  and  is  as  red  as  bloud,  for  (as 
they  say)  it  is  nothing  else  but  meere  bloud :  these  are 
two  diseases  like  the  plague,  and  are  commonnest  sick- 
nesses in  those  Countries,  which  grow  by  reason  of  the 
great  windinesse  of  the  Hands,  that  are  subject  to  all 
stormes  and  foule  weathers,  and  are  unreasonable  moist, 
which  is  one  of  the  principall  causes  of  these  diseases: 
for  the  windes  are  there  so  strong  and  dangerous,  that  Strong  windes. 
they  consume  both  the  Iron  and  the  Steele  of  their  houses, 
and  bring  them  into  powder :  for  I  have  seene  Iron  grates 
in  the  Kings  Custome  house,  as  thicke  as  a  mans  arme, 
and  the  windowes  of  hard  free  stone,  which  were  so  con- 
sumed by  the  winde,  that  the  Iron  in  some  places  was 
become  as  thin  as  a  straw,  and  the  stone  in  like  sort :  and 
therefore  in  those  Countries  they  use  to  make  their  Roofes 
and  Painthouses  of  stones,  which  thev  digge  in  the  water, 
out  of  sands  upon  the  Sea  coast  of  those  llands,  whereon 
the  winde  hath  not  so  great  a  power  to  consume  it :  and 
yet  that  Customehouse  had  not  beene  made  above  six 
or  seven  yeares  before,  at  the  most. 

In  this  Hand  besides  the  two  Townes,  there  are  divers 

g-eat  Villages,  as  Saint  Sebastians,  Saint  Barboran,  Altares, 
ualva.  Villa  nova,  with  many  other  Parishes  and  Ham- 
lets :  so  that  for  the  most  part  it  is  built  and  inhabited, 
saving  onely  the  places  that  are  wilde  and  full  of  Woods, 
which  can  hardly  be  travelled,  much  lesse  inhabited.  Their 
most  traifique  is  (as  I  said  before)  the  wood  that  groweth 
in  those  Countries,  I  meane  for  such  as  deale  in  Merchan- 
dise, and  the  workemen  that  make  it :  but  the  rest  waite 
for  the  flcetes  that  come  and  goe  to  and  from  the  Spanish 
and  Portugall  Indies,  from  Brasilia,  Cabo  Verde  and 
Guinea:  all  which  Countries  doe  commonly  come  unto 
Tercera  to  refresh  themselves,  as  lying  very  fitly  for  that 
purpose:  so  that  all  the  inhabitants  doe  thereby  richly 
maintaine  themselves,  and  sell  all  their  wares,  as  well 
handy  workes  as  victuals  unto  those  Ships :  and  all  the 
xviii  369  2  A 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

Iknds  round  about  doe  as  then  come  unto  Tercera  with 
their  wares,  to  sell  it  there.  For  the  which  cause  the 
Englishmen  and  other  strangers  keepe  continually  about 
those  Hands,  beine  assured  that  all  Ships  for  want  of 
refreshing  must  ot  force  put  into  those  Hands,  although 
at  this  time  many  Ships  doe  avoide  those  Hands,  to  the 
great  discommodity  or  the  Hands  and  the  Ships. 

From  Tercera  Southeast,  about  seven  and  twenty  or 

S.  Michael,  eight  and  twenty  miles,  lyeth  the  Hand  of  Saint  Michael, 
which  is  about  twenty  miles  long,  and  is  likewise  full  of 
Townes  and  Villages  inhabited  by  Portugals,  for  ayre  and 
all  other  things  like  unto  Tercera.  The  chiefe  Towne  is 
called  Punta  del  Gada,  where  there  is  great  traffique  of 
English,  Scots,  and  Frenchmen,  onely  (as  in  Tercera) 
because  of  the  woad,  which  is  more  abundant  in  that 
Hand,  then  in  all  the  rest  of  them :  for  that  every  yeare 
there  is  made  above  two  hundreth  thousand  Quintals  of 
Wood.  It  hath  likewise  great  abundance  of  Corne,  so 
that  they  helpe  to  victuall  all  the  Hands  that  are  round 
about  them.  It  hath  neither  Havens  nor  Rivers,  but 
onely  the  broad  Sea,  and  have  lesse  safegard  and  defence 
then  those  which  are  of  Tercera :  but  there  they  lye  not 
under  the  commandement  of  any  Fort:  so  that  many 
set  sayle  with  all  the  windes,  and  put  to  Sea,  which  in 
the  road  of  Tercera  they  may  not  doe :  and  therefore  the 
strangers  Ships  had  rather  sayle  to  Saint  Michaels,  for 
there  they  can  not  be  constrained  to  doe  any  thing,  but 
what  they  will  themselves  to  doe.  There  is  also  a  com- 
pany of  Spaniards  in  a  Castle  that  standeth  by  the  Towne 
of  Punta  del  Gada,  which  is  made  by  the  Spaniards  for 
the  defence  and  maintenance  of  the  same  towne. 

From  the  Hand  of  Saint  Michaels  Southwards  twelve 

Saint  Mary,  miles,  lyeth  the  Island  Santa  Maria,  which  is  about  ten 
or  twelve  miles  compasse,  &  hath  no  traffique  but  onelf 
of  pot  earth,  which  the  other  Hands  fetch  from  thence. 
It  hath  no  Woad,  but  is  full  of  all  victuals  like  Tercera, 
and  inhabited  by  the  Portugals.  There  are  no  Spaniards 
in  it :    because  it  is  a  stony  Country,  like  Tercera,  and 

370 


A  DESCRIPTION  OF  THE  AZORES 

hard  to  boord:  whereby  the  inhabitants  themselves  are 
sufficient  and  able  enough  to  defend  it.  While  I  remained 
in  Tercera,  the  Earle  or  Cumberland  came  thither,  to  take 
in  fresh  water,  and  some  other  victuals ;  but  the  inhabi- 
tants would  not  suffer  him  to  have  it,  but  wounded  both 
himselfe  and  divers  of  his  men,  whereby  they  were  forced 
to  depart  without  having  any  thing  there. 

From  Tercera  North  Northwest  about  seven  or  eight 
miles,  lyeth  a  little  Iland  called  Gratiosa,  and  is  but  nve 
or  sixe  miles  in  compasse,  a  very  pleasant  and  fine  Iland, 
full  of  all  fiiiits  and  all  other  victuals,  so  that  it  not  onely 
f^edeth  it  selfe,  but  also  Tercera,  and  the  other  Hands 
about  it,  and  hath  no  other  kinde  of  Merchandise :  it  is 
well  built  and  inhabited  by  Portugals,  and  hath  no  Soldiers 
in  it,  because  it  is  not  able  to  beare  the  charge.  The 
Earle  of  Cumberland  while  I  lay  in  Tercera,  came  unto 
that  Iland,  where  himselfe  in  person,  with  seven  or  eight 
in  his  company  went  on  land,  asking  certainc  Beasts,  Hens, 
and  other  Victuals,  with  Wine  and  fresh  water,  which  they 
willingly  gave  him,  and  therewith  he  departed  from  thence, 
without  doing  them  any  hurt :  for  the  which  the  inhabi- 
tants thanked  him,  and  commended  him  for  his  curtesie, 
and  keeping  of  his  promise. 

From  Tercera  West  North-west,  eight  or  nine  miles, 
lyeth  the  Iland  of  Saint  George.  It  is  about  twelve  miles 
long,  but  not  above  two  or  three  miles  at  the  furthest  in 
breadth :  it  is  wooddy  and  full  of  hils :  it  hath  no  speciall 
trafiique,  but  onely  some  Woad,  and  yet  very  little  of  it. 
The  inhabitants  live  most  bv  Cattell  and  tilling  of  the 
Land,  and  bring  much  victuals  to  sell  in  Tercera :  it  hath 
likewise  many  Cedar  trees,  and  other  kindes  of  wood, 
that  from  thence  are  brought  unto  Tercera,  and  sold  unto 
the  Joyners,  which  for  that  occasion  dwell  onely  in  Tercera. 

From  Saint  George  West  South-west  seven  miles,  lyeth 
the  Iland  called  Fayael,  which  is  seventeene  or  eighteene 
miles  in  compasse :  it  is  one  of  the  best  Hands  next  unto 
Tercera,  and  Saint  Michaels:  it  aboundeth  in  all  sorts 
of  victuals,  both  flesh  and  fish,  so  that  from  this  Iland 

371 


1589. 


Gratiosa. 


Earle  of  Cum- 
berland. See 
sup,  L  6.  r.  I . 


[IV.  viii. 

1672.] 
Sdnt  George. 


Fayael. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589, 

the  most  part  of  victuals  and  necessaries  commeth  by 
whole  Carvels  unto  Tercera :  it  hath  likewise  much  Woad, 
so  that  many  English  Ships  doe  traffique  thither.  The 
principall  road  and  place  is  the  Towne  called  Villa  dorta : 
there  the  Ships  likewise  doe  Ive  in  the  open  Sea  under 
the  Land,  as  they  doe  before  all  the  other  Ilands :  by  this 
Towne  there  lyeth  a  fortresse,  but  of  small  importance: 
and  because  the  inhabitants  of  themselves  doe  oflFer  to 
defend  the  Hand  against  all  enemies,  the  Soldiers  dis- 
charged from  thence,  which  before  that  time  lay  in  the 
Fort,  complaining  that  they  were  not  able  to  maintaine 
nor  lodge  them.  The  same  time  that  the  Earlc  of 
Cumberknd  was  in  the  Hand  of  Gratiosa,  he  came  likewise 
Fayael  taken  to  Fayael,  where  at  the  first  time  that  hee  came,  they 
by  Earli  began  to  resist  him,  but  bv  reason  of  some  controvcrsie 
Cumbirland.  j^^iong  them,  they  let  him  land  where  he  rased  the  Casdc 
to  the  ground,  and  sunke  all  their  Ordnance  in  the  Sea, 
taking  with  him  certaine  Carvels  and  Ships  that  lay  in 
the  road,  with  provision  of  all  things  that  hee  wanted: 
and  therewith  departed  againe  to  Sea.  Whereupon  the 
King  caused  the  principall  actors  therein  to  be  punished, 
and  sent  a  company  of  Souldiers  thither  againe,  whidi 
went  out  of  Tercera,  with  all  kinde  of  warlike  munition, 
and  great  shot,  making  the  Fortresse  up  againe,  the  better 
to  defend  the  Iland,  trusting  no  more  in  the  Portugals. 
In  that  Iland  are  the  most  part  of  the  Netherlanders  off- 
spring, yet  they  use  the  Portugals  language,  by  reason 
they  have  beene  so  long  conversant  among  them, 
and  those  that  used  the  Dutch  tongue  are  aS  dead: 
they  are  greatly  affected  to  the  Netherlanders  and 
strangers. 

From  Fayael  Southeast  three  miles,  and  from  Saint 
George  South-west  foure  miles,  and  from  Tercera  South- 
west and  by  West  twelve  miles,  lyeth  the  Iland  called 
Pico.  Pico,  which  is  more  then  fifteene  miles  in  length.     It  is 

Hig^  Hiil,  so  named  of  a  high  Mountaine  that  standeth  therein  called 
Pico,  which  is  so  high,  that  some  thinke  it  is  higher  then 
the  Pico  of  Canaria.     When  it  is  deare  weather,  it  may 

372 


A  DESCRIPTION   OF  THE   AZORES  a.d. 

1589- 
as  perfectly  be  seene  in  Tercera,  as  if  it  were  not  halfe 
a  mile  from  thence,  and  yet  it  lyeth  above  twenty  five 
miles  from  it :  for  it  is  at  the  furthest  end  of  the  Iland 
towards  Fayael.  The  top  of  it  is  seene  cleare  and  bright, 
but  the  nether  part  is  covered  with  clouds,  and  with  the 
Horizon,  whereby  the  Iland  is  much  spoken  of.  It  is 
very  fruitfuU  of  all  kindes  of  victuals,  like  Fayael,  and 
hath  £;reat  store  of  wood,  as  Cedars  &  all  other  kindes, 
and  also  the  costly  wood  Teixo.  There  they  build  many 
Carvels  and  small  Ships :  and  from  thence,  by  reason  of 
the  abundance  of  wood,  they  serve  the  other  Hands  with 
wood.  It  is  also  inhabited  as  the  rest  are,  their  chiefe 
traffique  being  Cattle  &  husbandry.  It  hath  much  Wine, 
&  the  best  in  all  those  Hands,  and  it  hath  the  savorest  & 
pleasantest  Oranges  that  are  throughout  all  Portugall:  Pleasant 
so  that  they  are  brought  into  Tercera  for  a  present,  as  Oranges. 
being  there  very  much  esteemed,  and  in  my  judgement 
they  are  the  best  that  ever  I  tasted  in  any  place.  Angra, 
in  the  Iland  of  Tercera  is  the  chiefe  Towne  and  Ruler  over 
all  the  Flemish  Hands. 

From  Tercera  Westward  to  the  Iland  named  Flores  are  C.  98. 
seventy  miles :  it  is  about  seven  miles  compasse,  it  is  also  ^^^^'• 
inhabited  by  Portugals,  &  hath  no  speciall  merchandise, 
but  onely  some  wood,  it  is  full  of  Cattle,  and  other  neces- 
sary provisions,  and  lyeth  open  to  all  the  world,  &  to 
whosoever  will  come  thither,  as  well  Englishmen  as 
others:  for  that  the  inhabitants  have  not  the  power  to 
resist  them.  A  mile  from  thence  Northward,  lyeth  a  little 
Iland  of  two  or  three  miles  in  compasse  called  De  Corvo.  Corvo, 
The  inhabitants  are  of  the  same  people  that  dwell  in 
Flores.  Between  those  two  Hands  and  round  about  them, 
the  Englishmen  doe  commonly  stay,  to  watch  the  Ships 
that  come  out  of  the  West :  for  those  are  the  first  Hands, 
that  the  Ships  looke  out  for  and  descry,  when  they  saile 
unto  Tercera,  whereby  the  inhabitants  do  but  little  prosper, 
because  they  are  at  the  pleasure  &  commandment  of^  all 
that  will  come  unto  them,  and  take  their  goods  from  them, 
as  oftentimes  it  hapneth.     Yet  for  all  their  poverty,  not 

373 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1589. 

to  loose  both  lands  and  goods,  they  must  content  them- 
selves, and  saile  with  every  winde. 

The  He  of  Tercera  lyeth  under  thirty  nine  degrees^  in 
the  same  height  that  Lisbone  lyeth :  and  is  distant  from 
Lisbone  lying  right  East  and  West  two  hundred  and  fifty 
Spanish  miles. 

Of  certaine  notable  and  memorable  accidents  that 
happened  during  my  continuance  in  Tercera: 
in  which  are  related  many  English  fleetes, 
Sea-fights  and  Prizes, 

C.  99.  T^He  second  of  October  Anno  1589.  at  the  Townc  of 

A    Villa  dan  Praya,  in  the  Hand  of  Tercera,  two  men 

being  in  a  field  hard  without  the  towne  were  killed  with 

[IV.  vin.  lightning.  The  ninth  of  the  same  month  there  arrived  in 
1^73*]  Tercera  14.  Ships,  that  came  from  the  Spanish  Indies, 
laden  with  Cochenile,  Hides,  Gold,  Silver,  Pearles,  and 
other  rich  wares.  They  were  fifty  in  company,  when  they 
departed  out  of  the  Iland  of  Havana,  whereof,  in  their 
commin^  omt  of  the  Channell,  eleven  sunk  in  the  same 
Channell  by  fbxile  weather,  the  rest  by  a  storme  were 
scattered  &  separated  one  from  the  other.  The  next  dxj 
there  came  another  Ship  of  the  same  company,  that  sailed 
close  under  the  Iland,  so  to  get  into  the  Road;  where 
she  met  with  an  English  Ship,  that  had  not  above  three 
cast  Peeces,  &  the  Spaniard  twelve.  They  fougrht  a  long 
time  together,  which  we  being  in  the  Iland  might  stand 
&  behold :  whereupon  the  Governor  of  Tercera  sent  two 
Boats  of  Musketiers  to  helpe  the  Ship ;  but  before  they 
could  come  at  her,  the  Eng^lish  Ship  had  shot  her  under 
water,  and  we  saw  her  sinke  into  the  Sea,  with  all  her 
sailes  upt^  and  not  any  thing  scene  of  her  above  the  water. 
The  Englishmen  with  their  Boate  saved  the  Captaine  and 
about  thirty  others  with  him,  but  not  one  peny  worth  of 
the  goods,  &  yet  in  the  Ship  there  was  at  the  least  to  the 
value  of  2cxxxx>.  Ducats  in  Gold,  Silver,  and  Pearles,  the 
rest  of  the  men  were  drowned,  which  might  be  about  50. 

374 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE   AZORES  ad. 

1589. 
persons,  among  the  which  were  some  Friers  and  women, 
which  the  En^ishmen  would  not  save.  Those  that  they 
had  saved  they  set  on  land;  &  then  they  sailed  away. 
The  27.  of  the  same  month,  the  said  14.  Ships  having 
refreshed  themselves  in  the  Hand,  departed  from  Tercera 
towards  Sivil,  and  conmiing  upon  tne  coast  of  Spaine, 
they  were  taken  by  the  English  Ships,  that  lay  there  to 
watch  for  them,  two  onely  excepted  which  escaped  away, 
&  the  rest  were  wholly  carried  into  England. 

About  the  same  time  the  Earle  of  Cumberland,  with 
one  of  the  Queenes  Ships,  and  five  or  six  more,  kept 
about  those  Hands  and  came  oftentimes  so  close  under  the 
Hand,  and  to  the  Road  of  Angra,  that  the  people  on  land 
might  easily  tell  all  his  men  that  he  had  aboord,  and  knew 
such  as  walked  on  the  Hatches:  they  of  the  Hand  not 
once  shooting  at  them,  although  they  might  easily  have 
done  it,  for  they  were  within  Musket  shot  both  of  the 
Towne  and  Fort.  In  these  places  he  continued  for  the 
space  of  two  Moneths,  and  sailed  round  about  the  Hands, 
and  landed  in  Gratiosa  and  Fayael,  as  in  the  description 
of  those  Hand^  I  have  already  declared.  Here  he  tooke 
divers  Ships  and  Carvels,  which  he  sent  into  England: 
so  that  thode  of  the  Hand  durst  not  once  put  forth  their 
heads.  At  the  same  time  about  three  or  foure  dayes  after 
the  Earle  of  Cumberland  had  beene  in  the  Hand  of  Fayael, 
and  was  departed  from  thence,  there  arrived  in  the  said 
Hand  of  Fayael  six  Indian  Ships,  whose  Generall  was  one 
Juan  Doryus:  and  there  they  discharged  in  the  Hand 
fcrtie  Millions  of  Gold  and  Silver.  And  having  with  all  40.  Mil&ons, 
speede  refreshed  their  Ships,  fearing  the  comming  of  the  ^-f*^  number 
Englishmen,  they  set  saile,  and  arrived  safely  m  Saint  ^  ^'^' 
Lucas,  not  meeting  with  the  enemy,  to  the  gfeat  good 
lucke  of  the  Spaniards,  and  hard  fortune  of  the  English- 
men ;  for  that  within  lesse  then  two  daies,  after  the  Gold 
and  Silver  was  laden  again  into  the  Spanish  Ships,  the 
Earle  of  Cumberland  sailed  againe  by  that  Hand ;  so  that 
it  appeared  that  God  would  not  let  them  have  it,  for 
if   they   had    once   had    sight    thereof,    without   doubt 

375 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

it  had  beene  theirs,  as  the  Spaniards  themselves  con- 
fessed. 

In  the  moneth  of  November,  there  arrived  in  Tercera 
two  great  Ships,  which  were  the  Admirall  and  Viceadmirall 
of  the  Fleete  laden  with  Silver,  who  with  stormy  weather 
were  seperated  from  the  Fleete,  and  had  beene  in  great 
torment  and  distresse,  and  ready  to  sinke ;  for  they  were 
forced  to  use  all  their  Pumps ;  so  that  they  wished  a 
thousand  times  to  have  met  with  the  Englishmen  to  whom 
they  would  willingly  have  given  their  Silver,  and  all  that 
ever  they  brought  with  them,  onely  to  save  their  lives. 
And  although  the  Earle  of  Cumberland  lay  still  about 
those  Hands,  yet  they  met  not  with  him,  so  that  after 
much  paine  and  labor  they  got  into  the  Road  before  Angra, 
where  with  all  speed  they  unladed,  &  discharged  above  5. 
Five  milRons  Millions  of  Silver,  all  in  peeces  of  8.  and  10.  pound  great: 
so  that  the  whole  Ray  lay  covered  with  plates  &  Chests 
of  Silver,  full  of  Ryals  of  eight,  most  wonderfuU  to 
behold :  each  Million  being  ten  hundred  thousand  Ducats, 
besides  Pearles,  Gold,  and  other  stones,  which  were  not 
registred.  The  Admiral  &  chief  commander  of  those 
Ships  and  Fleete  called  Alvaro  Flores  de  Quiniones  was 
sicke  of  the  Neapolitan  disease,  and  was  brought  to  land, 
whereof  not  long  after  he  dyed  in  Syvilia.  He  brought 
with  him  the  Kings  broad  Seale  and  full  authority  to  be 
Generall  &  chiefe  conmiander  upon  the  Seas,  and  of  all 
Fleets  or  Ships,  and  of  all  places  &  Hands,  or  Lands 
wheresoever  he  came:  whereupon  the  Governor  of 
Tercera  did  him  great  honor,  and  betweene  them  it  was 
concluded,  perceiving  the  weaknesse  of  their  Ships,  and 
the  danger  of  the  Englishmen,  that  they  would  send  the 
Ships  empty  with  Soldiers  to  convey  them,  either  to  Sivil 
or  Lisbone,  where  they  could  first  arrive,  with  advise  unto 
his  Majestv  of  all  that  had  past,  and  that  he  would  give 
order  to  fetch  the  Silver,  with  good  and  safe  convoy. 
Whereupon  the  said  Alvaro  Flores  staled  there,  under 
colour  of  keeping  the  Silver,  but  specially  because  of  his 
disease,  and  for  that  they  were  afraid  of  the  Englishmen. 

376 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE   AZORES  a.d. 

1589. 

This  Alvaro  Flores  had  alone  for  his  owne  part  above 
fifty  thousand  Ducats  in  Pearles,  which  he  shewed  unto 
us,  and  sought  to  sell  them,  or  barter  them  with  us  for 
Spices,  or  bils  of  exchange.  The  said  two  Ships  set  saile 
with  three  or  foure  hundred  men,  as  well  Soldiers  as  others, 
that  came  with  them  out  of  India,  and  being  at  Sea  had 
a  storme,  wherewith  the  Admirall  burst  and  sunke  in  the 
Sea,  and  not  one  man  saved.  The  Vice-admirall  cut 
downe  her  Mast,  and  ranne  the  Ship  on  ground  hard  by 
Sentuval,  where  it  burst  in  peeces,  some  otthe  men  saving 
themselves  by  swimming,  that  brought  the  newes,  but  the 
rest  were  drowned. 

In  the  same  moneth,  there  came  two  great  ships  out  of  [IV.  viii. 
the  Spanish  Indies,  and  being  within  halfe  a  mile  of  the  >6740 

Road  of  Tercera,  they  met  with  an  English  shippe,  that 
after  they  had  fought  long  together,  tooke  them  both. 
About  seven  or  eight  moneths  before,  there  had  beene  an 
English  ship  in  Tercera,  that  under  the  name  of  a  French- 
man came  to  traffique  in  the  Hand,  there  to  lade  wood, 
and  being  discovered  was  both  ship  and  goods  confiscated 
to  the  Kings  use,  and  all  the  men  kept  prisoners :  yet  went 
they  up  and  downe  the  streets  to  get  their  livings,  by 
labouring  like  slaves,  being  in  deed  as  safe  in  that  Hand, 
as  if  they  had  beene  in  prison.  But  in  the  end  upon  a 
Sunday  all  the  Sailers  went  downe  behind  the  Hils  called 
Bresill:  where  they  found  a  Fisherboat,  whereinto  they 
got,  and  rowed  into  the  Sea  to  the  Earle  of  Cumberlands 
ship,  which  to  their  great  fortime  chanced  at  that  time  to 
come  by  the  Hand,  and  anchored  with  his  ships  about 
halfe  a  mile  from  the  Road  of  Angra,  hard  by  two  small 
Hands,  which  lye  about  a  Bases  shot  from  the  Hand,  and 
are  full  of  Goats,  Buckes,  and  Sheepe,  belonging  to  the 
Inhabitants  of  the  Hand  of  Tercera.  Those  Saylers  knew 
it  well,  and  thereupon  they  rowed  unto  them  with  their 
Boats,  and  lying  at  Anchor  that  day,  thev  fetched  as  many 
Goats  and  Sheepe  as  they  had  neede  of^:  which  those  of 
the  Towne  and  of  the  Hand  well  saw  and  beheld,  yet  durst 
not  once  go  forth,  so  there  remayned  no  more  on  Land 

377 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

but  the  Master,  and  the  Merchant,  of  the  said  English 
ship.  This  Master  had  a  Brother  in  Law  dwelling  in 
England,  who  having  newes  of  his  brothers  iniprisonment 
in  Tercera,  got  licence  of  the  Queene  of  England, 
to  set  forth  a  ship,  therewith  to  see  if  he  could 
recover  his  losses  of  the  Spaniards,  by  taking  some  of 
them,  and  so  to  redeeme  his  brother,  that  lay  prisoner  in 
Tercera,  and  he  it  was,  that  tooke  the  two  Spanish  shippes 
before  the  Towne.  The  Master  of  the  ship  aforesaid, 
standing  on  the  shore  by  me,  and  looking  upon  them, 
for  he  was  my  great  acquaintance,  the  ships  being  taken, 
that  were  worth  three  hundred  thousand  Duckets,  he  sent 
all  the  men  on  Land  saving  only  two  of  the  prindpall 
Gentlemen,  which  he  kept  aboord,  thereby  to  ransome  his 
brother:  and  sent  the  Pilot  of  one  of  the  Indian  ships 
that  were  taken,  with  a  Letter  to  the  Governour  of  Tef- 
cera:  wherein  he  wrote  that  hee  should  deliver  him  his 
brother,  and  he  would  send  the  two  Gentlemen  on  Land : 
if  not,  he  would  saile  with  them  into  England,  as  indeed 
he  did,  because  the  Governour  would  not  doe  it,  saying 
that  the  Gentlemen  might  make  that  suite  to  the  King  of 
Spaine  himselfe.  The  Spanish  Pilot  we  bid  to  supper 
with  us,  and  the  Englishmen  likewise,  where  hee  shewed 
us  all  the  manner  of  their  fight,  much  commending  the 
order  and  manner  of  the  EngUshmens  fighting,  as  also  for 
their  courteous  using  of  him :  but  in  the  end  the  English 
Pilot  likewise  stole  away  in  a  French  ship,  without  paying 
any  ransome  as  yet. 

In  the  moneth  of  January  1 590.  there  arrived  one  ship 
alone  in  Tercera,  that  came  fi-om  the  Spanish  Indies,  and 
brought  newes,  that  there  was  a  fleet  of  a  hundred  ships 
which  put  out  from  the  Firme  Land  of  the  Spanish  Indies, 
and  by  a  storme  were  driven  upon  the  Coast  called  Florida, 
where  they  were  all  cast  away,  she  having  only  escaped, 
wherein  there  were  great  riches,  and  many  men  lost,  as  it 
may  well  be  thought:  so  that  they  made  their  account 
that  of  two  hundred  and  twentie  ships,  that  for  certaine 
were  knowne  to  have  put  out  of  Nova  Spaigna,  Santo 

378 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE  AZORES  ad. 

1589. 

Domingo,  Havana,  Capo  verde,  Brasilia,  Guinea,  &c.  In 
the  yeere  1589.  to  sayle  for  Spaine  in  Portugall,  there 
were  not  above  fourteene  or  fifteene  of  them  arrived  there 
in  safetic,  aU  the  rest  being  either  drowned,  burst  or  taken. 
In  the  same  Moneth  of  January,  there  arrived  in 
Tercera  fifteen  or  sixteene  ships  that  came  from  Sivilia, 
which  were  most  Flie-boats  of  the  low  Countries,  and 
some  Brittons  that  were  arrested  in  Spaine:  these  came 
fiiU  of  Souldiers,  and  well  appointed  with  munition,  to 
lade  the  silver  that  lay  in  Tercera,  and  to  fetch  Alvarcs  de 
Flores,  by  the  Kings  commandement  into  Spaine.  And 
because  that  time  of  the  yeere  there  is  alwayes  stormes 
about  those  Hands,  therefore  they  durst  not  enter  into  the 
Road  of  Tercera,  for  that  as  then  it  blew  so  great  a  storme, 
that  some  of  their  ships  that  had  anchored,  were  forced 
to  cut  downe  their  Masts,  and  were  in  danger  to  bee  lost : 
and  among  the  rest  a  ship  of  Biscay  ranne  against  the 
Land,  and  was  stricken  in  pieces,  but  all  the  men  saved 
themselves.  The  other  ships  were  forced  to  keepe  the 
Sea,  and  separate  themselves  one  from  the  other,  where 
winde  and  weather  would  drive  them,  untill  the  fifteenth 
of  March :  for  that  in  all  that  time  they  could  not  have 
one  day  of  feire  weather  to  anchor  in,  whereby  they 
indured  much  miserie,  cursing  both  the  silver  and  the 
Hand.  This  storme  being  past,  they  chanced  to  meete 
with  a  small  English  ship  of  about  fortie  tunnes  in  bignesse, 
which  by  reason  of  the  great  wind  could  not  beare  all  her 
sailes :  so  they  set  upon  her,  and  tooke  her,  and  with  the 
English  flagge  in  their  Admirals  sterne  they  came  as 
proudly  into  the  Haven,  as  if  they  had  conquered  all  the 
Realme  of  England:  but  as  the  Admirall  that  bare  the 
English  flagge  upon  her  sterne,  was  entring  into  the  Road, 
there  came  by  chance  two  English  ships  by  the  Hand,  that 
paid  her  so  well  for  her  paines,  that  they  were  forced  to 
cry  Misericordia,  and  without  all  doubt  had  taken  her, 
if  she  had  beene  but  a  mile  further  in  the  Sea :  but  because 
she  got  under  the  Fortresse,  which  also  began  to  shoot 
at  the  Englishmen,  they  were  forced  to  leave  her,  and  to 

379 


A.i>.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1589. 

put  further  into  the  Sea,  having  slaine  five  or  sixe  of  the 
Spaniards.  The  Englishmen  that  were  taken  in  the  small 
ship  were  put  under  hatches,  and  coupled  in  bolts,  and 
after  they  had  beene  Prisoners  three  or  foure  dayes,  there 
was  a  Spanish  Ensigne-bearer  in  the  ship,  that  had  a 
[IV.  viii.  brother  slaine  in  the  fleet  that  came  for  England,  who  as 
^^75-]  then,  minding  to  revenge  his  death,  and  withall  to  shew 
his  man-hood  to  the  English  Captives,  that  were  in  the 
English  shippe,  which  they  had  taken,  as  is  aforesaid, 
tooke  a  Ponyard  in  his  hand,  and  went  downe  under  the 
Hatches,  where  finding  the  poore  Englishmen  sitting  in 
bolts,  with  the  same  Ponyard  he  stabbed  sixe  of  them  to 
the  heart :  which  two  others  of  them  perceiving,  clasped 
each  other  about  the  middle,  beqiuse  they  would  not  bee 
murthered  by  him,  threw  themselves  into  the  Sea,  and 
there  were  drowned.  This  act  was  of  all  the  Spaniards 
much  disliked  and  very  ill  taken,  so  that  they  carried  the 
Spaniard  prisoner  unto  Lisbone,  where  being  arrived,  the 
King  of  Spaine  willed  he  should  be  sent  into  England, 
that  the  Queene  of  England  might  use  him  as  she  thought 
good :  which  sentence  his  friends  by  intreatie  got  to  bee 
reversed,  notwithstanding  he  commanded  he  shoidd  with- 
out all  favour  bee  beheaded :  but  upon  a  good  Friday,  the 
Cardinall  going  to  Masse,  all  the  Captaines  and  Com- 
manders made  so  great  intreatie  for  him  that  in  the  end 
they  got  his  pardon.  This  I  thought  good  to  note,  that 
men  might  understand  the  bloudie  and  honest  mindes  of 
the  Spaniards,  when  they  have  men  imder  their  subjection. 
The  same  two  English  ships,  which  followed  the  Spanish 
Admirall,  till  hee  had  got  under  the  Fort  of  Tercera,  as  I 
said  before,  put  into  the  Sea,  where  they  met  with  an  other 
Spanish  ship,  being  of  the  same  fleete,  that  had  likewise 
beene  scattered  by  the  storme  and  was  only  missing,  for 
the  rest  lay  in  the  Road :  this  small  ship  the  Engli^men 
tooke,  and  sent  all  the  men  on  shore,  not  hurting  any  of 
them :  but  if  they  had  knowne,  what  had  beene  done  unto 
the  foresaid  English  Captives,  I  beleeve  they  would  soone 
have  revenged  themselves,  as  afterward  many  an  innocent 

380 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE  AZORES  a.d. 

1589- 
soule  payed  for  it.  This  ship  thus  taken  by  the  English- 
men, was  the  same  that  was  kept  and  confiscated  in  the 
Hand  of  Tercera,  by  the  Englishmen  that  got  out  of  the 
Hand  in  a  fisherboat  (as  I  said  before)  and  was  sold  unto 
the  Spaniards,  that  as  then  came  from  the  Indies,  where- 
with they  sailed  to  Saint  Lucas,  where  it  was  also  arrested 
by  the  Duke,  and  appointed  to  goe  in  company  to  fetch 
the  silver  in  Tercera,  because  it  was  a  shippe  that  sayled 
well :  but  among  the  Spaniards  fleete  it  was  the  meanest 
of  the  Company.  By  this  meanes  it  was  taken  from  the 
Spaniards,  and  carried  into  England,  and  the  Owners  had 
it  ^ine,  when  they  least  thought  of  it. 

The  nineteenth  of  March,  the  aforesaid  ships,  being 
nineteene  in  number,  set  saile,  having  laden  the  Kings 
silver,  and  received  in  Alvaro  Flores  de  Q^niones,  with 
his  company,  and  good  provision  of  necessaries.  Munition 
and  Sovddiers,  that  were  fully  resolved  (as  they  made 
shew^  to  fight  valiantly  to  the  last  man,  before  they  would 
yeeld  or  lose  their  riches:  and  although  they  set  their 
course  for  Saint  Lucas,  the  wind  drave  them  unto  Lisbone, 
which  (as  it  seemed)  was  willing  by  his  force  to  helpe  them, 
and  to  bring  them  thither  in  safetie :  although  Alvaro  de 
Flores,  both  against  the  wind  and  weather  would  perforce 
have  sailed  to  Saint  Lucas,  but  being  constrained  by  the 
wind,  and  importunitie  of  the  Sailers,  that  protested  they 
would  require  their  losses  and  damages  or  him,  he  was 
content  to  saile  to  Lisbone :  from  whence  the  silver  was 
by  Land  carried  into  Sivilia.  At  Cape  Saint  Vincent, 
there  lay  a  Fleet  of  twentie  English  shippes,  to  watch  for 
the  Armada,  so  that  if  they  had  put  into  Saint  Lucas,  they 
had  fallen  right  into  their  hands,  which  if  the  wind  had 
served  they  had  done.  And  therefore  they  may  say  that 
the  wind  had  lent  them  a  happie  Voyage:  for  if  the 
Englishmen  had  met  with  them,  they  had  surely  beene 
in  great  danger,  and  possibly  but  few  of  them  had  escaped, 
by  reason  of  the  feare  wherewith  they  were  possessed, 
because  Fortune  or  rather  God  was  wholly  against  them. 
Which    is    a   sufficient    cause    to    make    the    Spaniards 

38^ 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1590- 

out  of  heart,  to  the  contrarie  to  give  the  Englishmen 
more  courage,  and  to  make  them  bolder  for  diat  they 
are  victorious,  stout  and  valiant:  and  seeing  all  their 
enterprizes  doe  take  so  good  effect,  that  thereby  they  arc 
become  Lords  and  Masters  of  the  Sea,  and  need  care  for 
no  man,  as  it  well  appeareth  by  this  briefe  Discourse. 

1590-  In  the  month  or  March  1590.  There  was  a  Biasing 

Starre  with  a  taile  seene  in  Tercera,  that  continued  fourc 
nights  together,  stretching  the  tayle  towards  the  South. 

In  the  moneth  of  May,  a  Carvell  of  Fayael  arrived  at 
Tercera,  in  the  Haven  or  Road  of  Angra,  laden  with 
Oxen,  Sheepe,  Hennes,  and  all  other  kinds  of  victuals, 
and  full  of  people,  which  by  a  storme  had  broken  her 
Ruther,  whereby  the  Sea  cast  her  about  and  therewith 
she  sunke,  and  in  her  were  drowned  three  children,  and 
a  Frier  Franciscan,  the  rest  of  the  men  saved  themselves 
by  swimming,  and  by  helpe  from  the  shore,  but  all  the 
Cattle  and  Hennes  came  drowned  to  land :  the  Frier  was 
buried  with  a  great  Procession  and  Solemnitie,  esteeming 
him  for  a  Saint,  because  he  was  taken  up  dead  with  his 
Booke  betweene  his  armes :  for  the  which  cause  every  man 
came  to  looke  on  him  as  a  Miracle,  giving  great  Offerings 
to  say  Masses  for  his  soule. 

The  first  of  August,  the  Governor  of  Tercera,  received 
advise  out  of  Portugall  and  Spaine,  that  two  yeeres  before 
the  date  of  his  Letters,  there  were  sayled  out  of  England 
twelve  great  shippes  well  appointed,  with  full  resolution 
to  take  their  journie,  seven  of  them  into  the  Portugall 
Indies,  and  the  other  five  to  Malacca :  of  the  which  five, 
two  were  cast  away  in  passing  the  Straits  of  Magellanes, 
and  three  sayled  to  Malacca:  but  what  they  had  done 
there,  was  as  then  not  knowne.  The  other  seven  passed 
the  Cape  de  bona  Speranza,  and  arrived  in  India,  where 
they  put  into  the  Coast  of  Malabares,  but  let  them  goe 

[IV.  viii.        againe :  and  two  Turkish  Gallies,  that  came  out  of  the 

1676.]  Straits  of  Mecca  or  the  Red  Sea,  to  whom  likewise  thef 

did  no  hurt.     And  there  they  laded  their  ships  with  Spices, 

and  returned  backe  againe  on  their  way :  but  where  or 

332 


OCCURRENTS   AT  THE   AZORES  a.d. 

1590. 
in  what  place  they  had  laden,  it  was  not  certainely  knowne, 
saving  oncly  that  thus  much  was  written  by  the  Governour 
of  India,  and  sent  over  Land  to  Venice,  and  from  thence 
to  Madrill. 

The  seventh  of  August,  a  Navie  of  English  ships  was 
seene  before  Tercera,  beeing  twentie  in  number,  and  five 
of  them  the  Queenes  ships:  their  Generall  was  one 
Martin  Frobisher,  as  wee  after  had  intelligence.  They  M.  Frohisker. 
came  pvirposely  to  watch  for  the  fleet  of  the  Spanish 
Indies,  and  for  the  Indian  ships,  and  the  shippes  of  the 
Countries  in  the  West :  which  put  the  Ilanders  in  great 
feare,  specially  those  of  Fayael,  for  that  the  Englishmen 
sent  a  Trumpet  to  the  Governour  to  aske  certaine  wine, 
flesh,  and  other  victuals  for  their  money,  and  good  friend- 
ship. They  of  Fayael  did  not  ondy  refuse  to  give  eare 
unto  them,  but  with  a  shot  killed  their  Messenger  or 
Trumpetter :  which  the  Englishmen  tooke  in  eviU  part, 
sending  them  word  that  they  were  best  to  looke  to  them- 
selves, and  stand  upon  their  guard,  for  they  meant  to 
come  and  visit  them  whether  they  would  or  no.  The 
Governour  made  them  answere,  that  he  was  there,  in  the 
behalfe  of  his  Majestie  of  Spaine  and  that  he  would  doe 
his  best,  to  keepe  them  out,  as  he  was  bound:  but  no 
thing  was  done,  although  they  of  Fayael  were  in  no  little 
feare,  sending  to  Tercera  for  aide,  from  whence  they  had 
certaine  Barkes  with  Powder  and  Munition  for  warre, 
with  some  Bisket  and  other  necessary  provision. 

The  thirtieth  of  August,  we  received  very  certaine 
newes  out  of  Portugall,  that  there  were  eightie  ships  put 
out  of  the  Caninho,  laden  with  VictuSs,  Munition, 
Money,  and  Souldiers,  to  goe  for  Britain^e  to  aide  the 
Catholikes  and  Leaguers  of  France,  against  the  King  of 
Navarre.  At  the  same  time,  two  Netherland  Hulkes,* 
comming  out  of  Portugall  to  Tercera,  beeing  halfe  the 
Seas  over,  met  with  foure  of  the  Queenes  shippes,  their 
Generall  beeing  Sir  John  Hawkins,  that  stayed  them, 
but  let  them  goe  againe,  without  doing  them  any  harme. 
The  Netherlanders  reported,  that  each  of  the  Queenes 

3S3 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

ships  had  eightie  Peeces  of  Ordnance,  and  that  Captaine 
Drake  lay  with  fortie  ships  in  the  English  Channell, 
watching  for  the  Armie  of  Carunho :  and  likewise  that 
there  lay  at  the  Cape  Saint  Vincent  tenne  other  English 
ships,  that  if  any  ships  escaped  from  the  Hands,  they 
might  take  them.  Those  tidings  put  the  Ilanders  in  great 
feare,  lest  if  they  failed  of  the  Spanish  fleete,  and  got 
nothing  by  them,  that  then  they  would  fall  upon  the 
Hands,  because  they  would  not  returne  emptie  home, 
whereupon  they  held  straight  watch,  sending  advise  unto 
the  King  what  newes  they  heard. 

The  first  of  September,  there  came  to  the  Hand  of  Saint 
Michael  a  Portugall  ship,  out  of  the  Haven  of  Per- 
nanbuco,  in  Brasilia,  which  brought  newes  that  the 
Admirall  of  the  Portugall  fleet,  that  came  from  India, 
having  missed  the  Hand  of  Saint  Helena,  was  of  necessitie 
constrained  to  put  in  at  Pernanbuco,  although  the  King 
had  expresly  under  a  great  penaltie  forbidden  him  so  to 
doe,  because  of  the  Wormes  that  there  doe  spoile  the 
ships.  The  same  ship  wherein  Bernaldine  Rybero,  was 
1589-  Admirall,  the  yeere  before  1589.  sayled  out  of  Lisbone 
into  the  Indies,  with  five  ships  in  her  company,  whereof 
but  foure  got  into  India,  the  fift  was  never  heard  of,  so 
that  it  was  thought  to  be  cast  away  :  The  other  foure 
returned  safe  againe  into  Portugall,  though  the  AdmiraD 
was  much  spoiled,  because  he  met  with  two  English  ships, 
that  fought  long  with  him,  and  slue  many  of  his  men, 
but  yet  he  escaped  from  them. 

The  fift  of  the  same  moneth,  there  arrived  in  Tercera, 
a  Carvell  of  the  Hand  of  Corvo,  and  brought  with  her 
fiftie  men  that  had  beene  spoyled  by  the  Englishmen, 
who  had  set  them  on  shore  in  the  Hand  of  Corvo,  being 
taken  out  of  a  shippe  that  came  from  the  Spanish  Indies, 
they  brought  tydmgs  that  the  Englishmen  had  taken 
foure  more  of  the  Indian  ships,  and  a  Carvell  with  the 
King  of  Spaines  Letters  of  advise  for  the  ships  comming 
out  of  the  Portugall  Indies,  and  that  with  those  which 
they  had  taken,  they  were  at  the  least  forty  English  ships 

384 


OCCURRENTS   AT  THE  AZORES  ad. 

1590. 

together,  so  that  not  one  Barke  escaped  them,  but  fell 
into  their  hands,  and  that  therefore  the  Portugall  ships 
comming  out  of  India,  durst  not  put  into  the  Hands, 
but  tooke  their  course  under  fortie  and  fortie  two  degrees, 
and  from  thence  sailed  to  Lisbon,  shunning  likewise  the 
Cape  Saint  Vincent,  otherwise  they  could  not  have  had  a 
pro^erous  journey  of  it,  for  that  as  then  the  Sea  was  full 
of  English  ships.  Whereupon  the  King  advised  the 
fleet,  lying  in  Havana,  in  the  Spanish  Indies  ready  to 
come  for  Spaine,  that  they  should  stay  there  all  that  yeere 
till  the  next  yeere,  because  of  the  great  danger  thev  might 
fall  into  by  the  Englishmen,  which  was  no  small  charge 
and  hinderance  to  the  fleet,  for  that  the  ships  that  lie  there 
doe  consume  themselves,  and  in  a  manner  eate  up  one 
another,  by  reason  of  the  great  number  of  people, 
together  with  the  scarcitie  ot  all  things,  so  that  many 
ships  chose  rather,  one  by  one  to  adventure  themselves 
alone,  to  get  home,  then  to  stay  there :  all  which  fell  into 
the  Englishmens  hands,  whereof  divers  of  the  men  were 
brought  into  Tercera,  for  that  a  whole  day  we  could  see  Note, 
nothing  else,  but  spoyled  men  set  on  shore,  some  out  of 
one  ship  some  out  of  another,  that  pittie  it  was  to  see, 
all  of  them  cursing  the  Englishmen,  and  their  owne  for- 
tunes, with  those  that  had  beene  the  causes  to  provoke 
the  Englishmen  to  fight,  and  complayning  of  the  small 
remedie  and  order  taken  therein  by  the  lung  of  Spaines 
Officers. 

The  nineteenth  of  the  same  moneth,  there  came  to 
Tercera  a  Carvel  of  Lisbon,  with  one  of  the  Kings  Officers,  [IV.  viii. 
to  cause  the  goods  that  were  saved  out  of  the  3iip,  which  *^77-l 

came  from  Malacca,  ^for  the  which  we  stayed  there)  to  be 
laden,  and  sent  to  Lisbon.  And  at  the  same  time  there 
put  out  of  the  Carunha  one  Don  Alonso  de  Bassan,  with 
fortie  great  ships  of  warre  to  come  unto  the  Hands,  there 
to  watch  for  the  fleet  of  the  Spanish  and  Portugall  Indies, 
and  the  goods  of  the  Malacca  ship  being  laden,  they  were 
to  convoy  them  all  together  into  the  Kiver  of  Lisbon : 
but  being  certaine  dayes  at  Sea,  alwayes  having  contrary 

XVIII  385  2B 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

wind  they  could  not  get  unto  the  Hands :  only  two  of 
them  that  were  scattered  from  the  fleet,  they  presently 
returned  backe  to  seeke  them:  in  the  meane  time  the 
King  changed  his  minde,  and  caused  the  fleet  to  stay  in 
India,  as  I  said  before :  and  therefore  he  sent  word  unio 
Don  Alonso  de  Bassan,  that  hee  should  returae  agaiae 
to  the  Carunha,  which  he  presently  did,  without  dmng 
any  thing,  nor  once  approching  necre  the  Hands,  saving 
only  the  two  foresaid  ships,  tor  he  well  knew  that  the 
Englishmen  lay  by  the  Iland  of  Corvo,  but  he  would 
not  visit  them :  and  so  he  returned  to  the  Haven  of 
Carunha,  whereby  our  goods  that  came  from  Malacca, 
were  yet  to  ship,  and  trussed  up  againe,  forced  to  stay  a 
more  fortunate  time,  with  patience  perforce. 
1590.  The  three  and  twentieth  of  October,  there  arrived  in 

Tercera  a  Carvell,  with  advise  out  of  Portingall,  that  of 
five  ships,  which  in  the  yeere  1590.  were  laden  in  Lisbon 
for  the  Indies,  foure  of  them  were  turned  againe  to  Portin- 
gall, after  they  had  beene  foure  moneths  wroad,  and  that 
the  Admirall,  wherein  the  Vice-roy  called  Mathias  de 
Alburkerke  sailed,  had  only  gotten  to  India,  as  afterward 
newes  thereof  was  brought  over  Land,  having  bccne  at 
the  least  eleven  monethes  at  Sea,  and  never  saw  Land,  and 
came  in  great  misery  to  Malacca.     In  this  ship  there 
280.  men  die  died  by  the  way  two  hundred  and  eightie  men,  according 
m  oneshipyin  ^q  ^  note  by  himselfe  made,  and  sent  to  the  Cardinall  at 
^  mlnf^  ^  Lisbon,   with   the  names  and  surnames  of  every  man, 
vanitie.  together  with  a  description  of  his  Voyage,  and  the  misery 

they  had  indured :  which  was  only  done,  because  he  would 
not  lose  the  government  of  India :  and  for  that  cause  he 
had  sworne  either  to  lose  his  life,  or  to  arrive  in  India, 
as  indeed  he  did  afterwards,  but  to  the  great  danger, 
lossc  and  hinderance  of  his  company,  that  were  forced 
to  buy  it  with  their  lives,  and  onely  for  want  of  pro- 
vision, as  it  may  well  bee  riiought :  for  he  knew  full  wcB 
that  if  he  had  returned  backe  againe  into  Portingall,  as 
the  other  ships  did,  hee  should  have  beene  casheered  from 
his  Indian  Regiment,  because  the  people  began  alreadie 

386 


OCCURRENTS   AT  THE  AZORES  a.d- 

1591. 

to  murmurre  at  him,  for  his  proude  and  ioftie  minde. 

And  among  other  things  that  shewed  hds  pride  the  more, 

behind  above  the  Gallery  of  his  ship,  he  caused  Fortune  to 

be  painted,  and  his  owne  Picture  with  a  stafFe  standing 

by  her,  as  it  were  threatning  Fortune,  with  this  Poesie, 

Qucro  quevencas^  that  is,  I  will  have  thee  to  overcome: 

which  beeing  read  by  the  Cardinal!  and  other  Gentlemen 

(that  to  honour  him  aboord  his  ship)  it  was  thought  to 

be  a  point  of  exceeding  folly.     But  it  is  no  strange  matter 

among  the  Portingalis,  for  they  above  all  others  must  of 

force  let  the  Foole  peepe  out  of  their  sleeves,  specially 

when  they  are  in  autfaoritie:   for  that  I  knew  the  said 

Mathias  de  Alberkerk  in  India,  bein^  a  Souldier  and  a 

Captaine,  where  he  was  esteemed  and  accounted  for  one 

of  the  best  of  them,  and  much  honoured,  and  beloved 

of  all  men,  as  behaving  himselfe  courteously  to  every 

man :  whereby  they  all  desired  that  he  might  be  Vice-roy^. 

But  when  he  once  had  received  his  Patent  with  full  power 

and  authoritie  from  the  Kin^  to  be  Vice-roy,  hee  changed 

so  much  from  his  former  behaviour,  that  by  reason  of 

his  pride,  they  all  began  to  feare  and  curse  him,  and  that 

before  he  departed  out  of  Lisbon,  as  it  is  often  seene  in 

many  men  that  are  advanced  unto  state  and  dignitie. 

The  twentieth  of  January,  Anno  1591.  there  was  newes  1591. 

Iwought  out  of  Portingall  into  Tercera,  that  the  Engl^i- 

men  had  taken  a  ship,  that  the  King  had  sent  into  the 

Portingall  Indies,  with  advise  to  the  Vice-roy,  for  the 

retiirning  againe  of  the  foure  ships  that  should  have  gone 

to  India,  and  because  the  ships  were  come  backe  againe, 

that  ship  was  stuffed  and  laded  as  full  of  goods  as  possible 

it  might  be,  having  likewise  in  ready  money  five  hundred 

thousand  Duckets  in  Rials  of  eight,  besides  other  wares. 

It  departed  from  Lisbone  in  the  moneth  of  November 

1590.  and  met  with  the  Englishmen,  with  whom  for  a 

time  it  fought :  but  in  the  end  it  was  taken  and  carried 

into  England  with  men  and  all,  yet  when  they  came  there 

the  men  were  set  at  libertie,  and  returned  into  Lisbone, 

where  the  Captaine  was  committed  Prisoner:    but  hee 

387 


Earikquaki 
most  terribk. 


A-D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1591. 

excused  himselfe,  and  was  released,  with  whom  I  spake  my 
selfe,  and  he  made  this  report  unto  me.  At  the  same 
time  also  they  tooke  a  ship  that  came  from  the  Myne 
laden  with  Gold,  and  two  ships  laden  with  Pepper,  and 
Spices  that  were  to  saile  into  Italie,  the  Pepper  onely 
that  was  in  them,  being  worth  170000.  Duckets :  all  these 
ships  were  carried  into  England,  and  made  eood  prize. 
In  the  moneth  of  July,  An.  1591,  there  happened  an 
Earth-quake  in  the  Hand  of  S.  Michaell,  which  continued 
from  the  six  and  twentieth  of  Jidy  to  the  twelfth  of 
August:  in  which  time  no  man  durst  stay  within  his 
house,  but  fled  into  the  fields,  fasting  and  prating,  with 
great  sorrow  for  that  many  of  their  houses  fell  downe, 
and  a  Towne  called  Villa  Franca,  was  almost  deane  razed 
to  the  ground  all  the  Cloysters  and  houses  shaken  to  the 
earth,  and  therein  some  people  slaine.  The  Land  in  some 
places  rose  up,  and  the  ClifFes  remooved  from  one  place 
to  another,  and  some  Hils  were  defaced  and  made  even 

ProSffis.  with  the  ground.  The  Earthouake  was  so  strong,  that 
the  ships  which  lay  in  the  Road,  and  on  the  Sea,  shaked 
as  if  the  World  would  have  turned  round :  there  sprang 
also  a  Fountaine  out  of  the  earth,  from  whence  for  the 

[IV.  viii.  space  of  foure  dayes,  there  flowed  a  most  cleare  water, 
1678.]  and  after  that  it  ceased.  At  the  same  time  they  heard 
such  thunder  and  noise  under  the  earth,  as  if  all  the 
Divels  in  hell  had  beene  assembled  together  in  that  place, 
wherewith  many  died  for  feare.  The  Hand  of  Terceni 
shooke  foure  times  together,  so  that  it  seemed  to  tume 
about,  but  there  happened  no  misfortune  unto  it.  Elarth- 
quakes  are  common  in  those  Hands,  for  about  twenty 
yeares  past  there  happened  another  earthquake,  where  in  a 
high  Hill  that  lyeth  by  the  same  towne  of  Villa  Franca, 
feU  halfe  downe,  and  covered  all  the  towne  with  earth, 
and  killed  many  men. 

The  five  and  twentieth  of  August,  the  Kings  Armada, 
comming  out  of  Parol  arrived  m  Tercera,  being  in  all 
thirty  Ships,  Biskaies,  Portugds,  and  Spaniards :  and  ten 
Dutch  flye-boates,  that  were  arested  in  Lisbone  to  serve 

388 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE  AZORES  a.d. 

1591. 

the  King,  besides  other  small  Ships  Pataxos,  that  came  to 
serve  as  messengers  from  place  to  place,  and  to  discover 
the  Seas.  This  Navie  came  to  stay  for,  and  convoy  the 
Ships  that  shoiild  come  from  the  Spanish  Indies,  and  the 
flye-boates  were  appointed  in  their  returnc  home,  to  take 
in  the  goods  that  were  saved  in  the  lost  Ship  that  came 
from  Nlalacca,  and  to  convoy  it  to  Lisbone. 

The  thirteenth  of  September  the  said  Armado  arrived 
at  the  Iland  of  Corvo,  where  the  Englishmen  with  about 
sixteene  Ships,  as  then  lay,  staying  for  the  Spanish 
Fleete :  whereof  some  or  the  most  part  were  come,  and 
there  the  English  were  in  good  hope  to  have  taken  them. 
But  when  they  perceived  the  Kings  Army  to  be  strong, 
the  Admirall  being  the  Lord  Thomas  Howard,  commanded 
his  Fleete  not  to  fall  upon  them,  nor  any  of  them  once  to 
seperate  their  Shippes  from  him,  unlesse  he  gave  com- 
mission so  to  doc:  notwithstanding  the  Vice-Admirall, 
Sir  Richard  Greenfield,  being  in  the  Ship  called  the 
Revenge,  went  into  the  Spanish  Fleete,  and  shot  among 
them,  doing  them  great  hurt,  and  thinking  the  rest  of  the 

Sir  Ridiard  Green  vile.  See  Hak.  Tom.  2.  This  Storie  penned  by 
Sir  Walter  Raleigh.  There  were  but  six  of  these  Shippes  the  Qaeenes : 
and  Sir  Richard  Green  vile  staid  to  recover  his  men  on  shore  ;  93.  of  his 
men  were  sicke.  He  scorned  to  Aye  as  the  Master  counselled  (which 
had  beene  better)  and  thought  to  made  way  thorow  their  squadrons, 
and  made  some  spring  loose  till  the  greatnesse  of  the  S.  Philip  of  isoo. 
tuns  being  in  the  winde  of  him,  becalmed  his  sailes;  so  that  the 
Revenge  could  not  &ele  her  sailes  nor  helme,  and  was  boorded  by  the 
S.  Philip  and  foure  others.  These  were  beaten  off,  and  fifteen  severall 
Armadas  assailed  her.  All  her  Powder  was  spent  to  the  last  barrell ; 
nor  had  first  above  100.  sound  men  to  sustaine  to  the  brunt.  Yet  she 
endured  fifteene  houres  fight,  fifteene  Armadas  by  tume,  800.  shot,  many 
entries,  53.  sailes  of  men  of  warre,  and  loooo.  men  to  doe  this.  After 
all  this,  Sir  R.  Greenfield  now  wounded,  commanded  to  blow  up  the 
Ship,  but  the  Captaine  intreating  to  the  contrary,  the  Master  was  sent, 
unknowne  to  Sir  R.  Greenfield,  to  treat  a  composition  with  Bazan  the 
Generally  who  yeelded  their  lives  to  be  saved,  and  to  be  sent  for 
England,  the  better  sort  to  pay  ransome,  but  free  meane  time  from 
prison  and  Gallie.  Almost  1000.  of  the  enemies  were  slaine  in  this 
fight.  Thus  have  I  given  you  the  briefis  of  Sir  Waken  report  also,  to 
make  this  storie  compleate. 

389 


^.i)  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

i59«- 

company  would  have  followed :  whkh  they  did  not,  but 
left  him  there,  and  sailed  away ;  the  cauee  why  they  could 
not  know:  which  the  Spaniards  perceiving,  with  seven 
or  eight  Ships  they  boorded  her,  but  she  withstood  them 
all,  fighting  with  them  at  the  least  twelve  houres  together, 
and  sunke  two  of  them,  one  being  a  new  double  Flie- 
boate  of  twelve  thousand  timnes,  and  Admirall  of  the 
Flie-boates,  the  other  a  Biscaine :  But  in  the  end,  by 
oreason  of  the  number  that  came  upon  her,  she  wajs  taken, 
but  to  their  ereat  losse;  for  they  had  lost  in  fighting, 
and  by  drownmg  above  foure  hundred  men ;  and  of  the 
English  were  •slaine  about  a  hundred,  Sir  ORichard  Green- 
field himselfe  being  wounded  in  his  braine,  whereof  after- 
wards he  died.  He  was  borne  into  the  Ship  called  the 
Saint  Paul,  wherein  was  the  Adaiirall  of  the  Fleete  Don 
Alonso  de  Barsan.:  there  his  wounds  were  drest  hy  the 
Spani^  Surgeons,  but  Don  Alonso  himselfe  would  nother 
aee  him,  nor  ^ake  with  him :  all  the  rest  of  the  Captaines 
aiid  Gentlemen  went  to  visite  him,  and  to  comfort  him  in 
his  hard  Ibrtrme,  wondnng  at  his  courage  and  stout  heart, 
for  that  he  shewed  not  any  signe  of  ^intnesse  nor  chang- 
ing of  colour.  But  feeling  the  houre  of  death  to  approach, 
he  spake  these  words  in  Spanish,  and  said ;  Here  dye  I 
Richard  Greenfield,  with  a  joyfuU  and  quiet  minde,  for 
that  I  have  ended  my  life  as  a  true  Souldier  ought  to  doe, 
that  hath  fought  for  his  Countrey,  Queene,  Religion,  and 
honour,  whereby  mv  Soule  most  jojrftill  departeth  out  of 
this  body,  and  shall  alwayes  leave  behinde  it  an  ever- 
lasting fame  of  a  valiant  and  true  Soldier,  that  hath  done 
his  duetie,  as  hee  was  bound  to  doe.  When  he  had  finished 
these  or  such  other  like  words,  he  gave  up  the  Ghost 
with  great  and  stout  courage,  and  no  man  could  perceive 
any  true  signe  of  heavinesse  in  him. 

This  Sir  Richard  Greenfield  was  a  great  and  a  rich 
Gentleman  in  England,  and  had  great  yearely  revenewes 
of  his  owne  inheritance :  but  he  was  a  man  very  unquiet 
in  his  minde,  and  greatly  afl^ected  to  warre ;  in  so  much  as 
of  his  owne  private  motion  he  offered  his  service  to  the 

390 


OCCURRENTS  AT   THE  AJZORES  a.d. 

1591. 

Queene.  He  had  performed  many  valiant  acts,  and  was 
greatly  feared  in  these  Hands,  and  knowne  of  every  man ; 
but  of  nature  very  sevene,  so  that  his  owne  people  hated 
him  for  his  fiercenesse,  and  spake  very  hardly  of  him :  for 
when  they  first  eatred  into  the  Fleete  or  Armado,  they 
had  their  great  saile  in  a  readinesse,  and  might  possibly 
enough  have  sailed  away ;  for  it  was  one  of  the  best  Ships 
for  saile  in  England ;  and  che  Master  perceiving  that  the 
other  Ships  had  left  them,  and  followed  not  alter,  com- 
manded the  great  saile  to  be  cut,  that  they  might  makie 
away :  but  Sir  Hichard  Greenfield  threatned  both  him,  and 
all  the  tiest  that  were  in  the  Ship,  that  if  any  man  kid 
hsLnd  upon  it,  he  would  cause  him  to  be  hanged,  and  so 
by  that  occaaom  they  were  compelled  to  fight,  and  in  the 
end  were  taken.  He  was  of  so  hard  a  complexion,  that 
as  hee  continued  amofig  the  Spanish  Captaioes  while  they 
were  at  dinner  or  supper  with  him,  hee  would  carouse 
three  or  foure  Glasses  o(  Wine,  and  in  a  bravery  take  the 
Glasses  betweene  his  teeth,  and  crash  them  in  peeces,  and 
swallow  them  downe,  so  that  often  times  the  bloud  ran 
out  of  his  mouth  without  any  harme  at  aU  unto  him: 
and  this  was  told  nue  by  divers  credible  persons  that  many 
times  stood  and  beheld  him.  The  Englishmen  that  were 
left  in  the  Ship,  as  the  Captaine  of  the  Souldiers,  the  [IV.  viii. 
Master  and  others  were  dispersed  into  divers  of  the  >^79] 

Spanish  Ships  that  had  taken  them,  where  there  had 
almost  a  new  fi^ht  arisen  betweene  the  Biscaines  and 
the  Portugals ;  ymHc  each  of  them  would  have  the  honour 
to  have  fii^t  boord^  her,  so  that  there  grew  a  great  noise 
and  auarrell  among  them,  one  taking  me  chiete  Ancient, 
and  tlie  other  the  Fkgge,  and  the  Captaine  and  every  one 
held  his  owne.  The  ships  that  had  boorded  her  were 
altogether  out  of  order  and  broken,  and  many  of  their 
men  hurt,  whereby  they  were  compeHed  to  come  into  the 
Uand  of  Tercera,  daere  to  repaire  themselves :  where  bekig 
arrived,  I  and  my  chamber-feUow,  to  heare  some  newes 
went  aboord  one  of  the  Ships  being  a  great  Biscaine,  and 
«ne  of  tihe  twelve  Apostles,  whose  Captaine  was  caBed 

391 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1591. 

Bertandono,  that  had  bin  Generall  of  the  Biscaines  in  the 
fleete  that  went  for  England.  He  seeing  us,  called  us  up 
into  the  Gallery,  where  with  great  curtesie  he  received 
us,  being  as  then  set  at  dinner  with  the  English  Captaine 
that  sat  by  him,  and  had  on  a  sute  of  bkcke  Velvet;  but 
he  could  not  teU  us  any  thing,  for  that  he  could  speake  no 
other  language  but  English  and  Latine,  which  Bartandono 
also  could  a  little  speake.  The  English  Captaine  that  he 
might  come  on  land  with  his  weapon  by  his  side,  and  was 
in  our  lodging  with  the  Englishman  that  was  kept 
prisoner  in  the  Iland,  being  of  that  ship  whereof  the 
sailers  got  away,  as  I  said  oefore.  The  Govemour  of 
Tercera  bad  him  to  dinner,  and  shewed  him  gresit  curtesie. 
The  Master  likewise  with  licence  of  Bartandono  came  on 
land,  and  was  in  our  lodging,  and  had  at  the  least  ten  or 
twelve  wounds,  as  well  in  his  head,  as  on  his  body, 
whereof  after  that  being  at  Sea,  betweene  Lisbone  and 
the  Hands  he  died.  The  Captaine  wrote  a  Letter,  wherein 
he  declared  all  the  manner  or  the  fight,  and  left  it  with  the 
English  Merchant  that  lay  in  our  lodging,  to  send  it  to 
the  Lord  Admirall  of  England.  The  English  Captaine 
comming  to  Lisbone,  was  there  well  received,  and  not 
any  hurt  done  unto  him,  but  with  good  convoy  sent  to 
Sentuval,  and  from  thence  sayled  into  England,  with  all 
the  rest  of  the  Englishmen  that  were  taken  prysoners. 

The  Spanish  Armie  staled  at  the  Iland  of  Corvo  till 
the  last  of  September,  to  assemble  the  rest  of  the  Fleete 
together :  which  in  the  end  were  to  the  number  of  one 
hundred  and  forty  sayle  of  Ships,  partly  comming  from 
India,  and  partly  of  the  Army,  and  being  altogether  readf 
unto  saile  to  Tercera  in  good  company,  there  sodainlf 
Great  storm,  rose  SO  hard  and  cruell  a  storme,  that  those  of  the  Hand 
did  affirme,  that  in  mans  memory  there  was  never  any 
such  seene  or  heard  of  before:  for  it  seemed  the  Sot 
would  have  swallowed  up  the  Hands,  the  water  mounting 
higher  then  the  ClifFes,  which  are  so  high  that  it  amasetn 
a  man  to  behold  them :  but  the  Sea  reached  above  them, 
and  living  fishes  were  throwne  upon  the  land.     This 

39a 


OCCURRENTS  AT  THE  AZORES  a^d. 

1591. 
storme  continued  not  onely  a  day  or  two  with  one  winde, 
but  seven  or  eight  daves  continually,  the  winde  turning 
round  about,  in  all  places  of  the  compasse,  at  the  least 
twice  or  thrice  during^  that  time,  and  all  alike,  with  a 
continuall  storme  ancf  tempest  most  terrible  to  behold, 
even  to  us  that  were  on  shore,  much  more  then  to  such  as 
were  at  Sea:  so  that  onely  on  the  Coasts  and  Clifts  of 
the  Iland  of  Tercera,  there  were  above  twelve  Ships  cast 
away,  and  not  onely  upon  the  one  side,  but  round  about  it 
in  every  corner:   whereby  nothine^  else  was  heard  but 
complaining,  crying,  lamenting,  and  telling  here  is  a  ship  Gnat  hurts. 
broken  in  peeces  against  the  Cliffes,  and  there  another, 
and  all  the  men  drowned :  so  that  for  the  space  of  twenty 
dayes  after  the  storme,  they  did  nothing  else  but  fish  for 
dead   men,  that  continually  came  drifting  on  the  shore. 
Among  the  rest  was  the  English  ship  called  the  Revenge,  Revenge 
that  was  cast  away  upon  a  ClifFe  neere  to  the  Iland  of  revenged  witk 
Tercera,  where  it  brake  in  a  hundred  peeces,  and  sunke  ^"'  ^^^^ 
to   the  ground,  having  in  her  seventy  men  Gallegos,  ]^]lffl^ 
Biscaines,  and  others,  with  some  of  the  captive  Engbsh-  Spaniards 
men,  whereof  but  one  was  saved  that  got  up  upon  the  attending  ker 
CliiFes  alive,  and  had  his  body  and  head  all  wounded,  -^^f^^^^'f' 
and  he  being  on  shore  brought  us  the  newes,  desiring  to  ^  *w  «/  8  . 
be  shriven,  and  thereupon  presently  died.     The  Revenge  i 

had  in  her  divers  faire  Brasse  Peeces,  that  were  all  sunke  1 

in  the  Sea,  which  they  of  the  Iland  were  in  good  hope  to  1 

weigh  up  againe  the  next  Summer  following.     Among  ! 

these  Shms  that  were  cast  away  about  Tercera,  was  like- 
wise a  Flie-boate,  one  of  those  that  had  bin  arested  in 
Portugall  to  serve  the  King,  called  the  White  Dove. 
The  Master  of  her,  was  one  Cornelius  Martenson  of 
Schiedam  in  Holland,  and  there  were  in  her  one  hundred 
Souldiers,  as  in  every  one  of  the  rest  there  was.  He 
being  over  ruled  by  the  Captaine,  that  he  could  not  be 
Master  of  his  owne,  sayling  here  and  there  at  the  mercy 
of  God,  as  the  storme  drove  him,  in  the  end  came  within 
the  sight  of  Tercera:  which  the  Spaniards  perceiving, 
thougnt  all  their  safety  onely  to  consist  in  putting  into 

393 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1591. 

the  Road,  compelling  the  Master  and  the  Pikkt  to  make 
tcrwards  the  Hand,  although  the  Master  refused  to  doe  it, 
saying,  that  they  were  niost  sure  there  to  be  cast  away,  and 
utterly  spoiled :  but  the  Captain  called  him  drunkard,  & 
Heretick,  and  striking  him  with  a  staffe,  commanded 
him  to  do  as  he  would  have  him.  The  Master  seeing 
this,  and  being  compelled  to  doe  it^  said :  well  then  my 
Masters,  seeing  it  is  the  desire  of  you  all  to  be  ca&t  away, 
I  can  but  loose  one  life;  and  therewith  desperately  he 
sailed  towards  the  shoare,  and  was  oh  that  side  or  the 
Hand,  where  thetie  wajs  nothimg  else  but  hard  stones  and 
Rodces,  as  high  as  Mountaines,  most  terrible  to  behold, 
whore  some  of  the  Inhabitants  stood  with  long  ropes  and 
oorke  bound  at  the  end  thereof,  to  throw  them  downe 
unto  the  men,  that  they  might  lay  hold  upon  them  and 
s»vie  their  lives ;  but  few  or  them  got  so  neere,  most  of 
them  being  cast  away,  and  smitlien  in  peaces  befone  they 
[IV.  viii.  could  get  to  the  wall.  The  Ship  sailed  in  this  matiner 
1680.]  (as  I  said  before)  towards  the  Iland,  and  approachiag  to 
the  shoare,  the  Master  being  an  old  man,  and  full  of 
yeares,  calkd  his  Sonne  that  was  in  the  ship  with  him, 
and  having  imbraced  one  another,  and  taken  their  last 
farewell,  the  good  old  fitther  willed  his  Sonne  not  to  take 
care  for  him,  but  eeeke  to  -save  Judfoselfe :  for  (said  he) 
Sonne,  thou  art  yong,  and  may  jhave  some  hope  to  save 
thy  life,  but  as  for  me  it  is  no  great  matter  (I  am  old) 
what  become  of  me,  and  therewith  each  of  these  shendding 
many  teares,  as  every  loving^  father  and  kinde  childe  may 
weM  /consider ;  the  ship  £eU  upon  the  Cliff^es  and  brake 
in  ^eeces,  the  Father  on  the  one  aide,  the  sonne  on  ihe 
other  side  idling  into  the  sea,  each  laying  hold  upon  that 
which  came  next  to  hand,  but  to  no  purpose ;  ibr  ihe 
sea  was  so  high  and  furious,  that  they  were  all  drowned, 
and  onely  foureteene  or  ^teene  saved  themselves  by 
swimming,  with  their  legges  and  armes  halie  broken  and 
out  of  joynt ;  among  the  which  was  the  Masters  ^sonne, 
and  /oure  other  D»tch  Boyes :  the  rest  of  the  Spaniards 
and  sailers,  with  the  Captaine  and  Master  were  drowaed : 

394 


OCCURRENTS   AT  THE  AZORES  ad. 

1 591. 
whose  heart  would  not  melt  with  teares  to  behold  so 
grievous  a  sight,  specially  considering  with  himseMe  that 
the  greatest  cause  thereof  was  tm  beastlinesse  and 
insolency  of  the  Spaniards,  as  in  this  onely  example  may 
well  be  seene :  whereby  may  be  considered  how  the  other 
ships  sped,  as  we  our  selves  did  in  part  behold,  and  by  the 
men  that  were  saved  did  faeare  more  at  large,  as  also  some 
others  of  our  Countrimen  that  as  then  were  in  the  like 
danger  can  well  witnesse. 

On  the  other  Hands  the  losse  was  no  lesse  then  in 
Tercera;  feir  on  the  Hand  of  Saint  George  thei?e  were 
two  Ships  cast  away :  on  the  Hand  of  Pico  two  Ships :  on 
the  Hand  oi  Gratiosa  three  ships,  &  besides  those  there 
caaoe  everywhere  round  about  divers  peeces  of  iu-oken 
ships,  .&  other  things  fleeting  towards  the  Hands,  whene* 
with  the  Sea  was  all  covered  most  pittifuU  to  behold.  On 
the  Hand  of  Saint  Michael,  there  were  foure  Ships  cast 
away,  .and  hetweene  Tercera  and  Saint  Michaels  three 
more  were  sunke,  which  were  seene  jsnd  heard  to  crie  out, 
whereof  not  one  Man  was  :saved.  The  rest  put  into  the 
Sea  without  Masts,  all  torne  and  rent:  so  that  of  the 
whole  Fkole  and  Armado,  bein^  one  hundred  and  forty 
ships  in  all,  there  were  but  thirty  two  or  thirty  thpee 
arived  in  Spaine  and  Portugall,  yea  and  those  few  with 
ao  giieat  misery,  paine  and  labour,  that  not  two  of  them 
arrived  there  together,  but  this  day  one,  and  to  morrow 
another,  next  day  the  third,  &  so  one  after  the  other  to 
the  number  aforesaid.  All  the  rest  were  cast  away  upon 
the  Hands,  and  overwhelmed  in  the  sea:  whereby  may 
be  considered  what  great  losse  and  hinderance  they 
received  at  that  time :  for  by  many  mens  judgements  it 
was  esteemed  to  be  much  more  then  was  left  by  their 
Arnue  that  came  for  England,  and  it  may  well  be  thought,  Note. 
and  presmned,  that  it  was  no  other  but  a  just  plague 
purposely  sent  rby  God  upon  the  Spaniards,  and  that  it 
might  truely  be  said,  the  taking  /of  the  Revenge  was 
justly  revenged  uposn  them,  and  not  by  the  might  or 
force  of  man,  but  by  the  power  of  God,  as  some  of  them 

395 


A.D. 
1591. 

Caiafkas 
profhesieth. 
God  taketh 
part  with 
Luthenms, 


So  then  the 
gates  of  hell 
frevaiieth 
against  their 
faith. 


Two  Ships  of 
treasure  taken 
bytheEng&sh, 
and  20.  others 
of  the  ImRan 
Fieete. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

openly  said  in  the  Isle  of  Tercera,  that  they  beleevcd  verily 
God  would  consume  them,  and  that  he  tooke  part  with 
Lutherans  and  Heretickes :  saying  further,  that  so  scone 
as  they  had  throwne  the  dead  body  of  the  Viceadmirall 
Sir  Richard  Greenfield  over-boord,  they  verily  thought 
that  as  he  had  a  divellish  Faith  and  Religion,  and  there- 
fore the  Divek  loved  him,  so  he  presently  sunke  into  the 
bottome  of  the  Sea,  and  downe  into  Hell,  where  he  raised 
up  all  the  Divels  to  the  revenge  of  his  death :  and  that 
they  brought  so  great  stormes  and  torments  upon  the 
Spaniards,  because  they  onely  maintained  the  Catholike 
and  Romish  Religion:  such  and  the  like  blasphemies 
against  God,  they  ceased  not  openly  to  utter,  without  that 
any  man  reproved  them  therein,  nor  for  their  felsc 
opinions,  but  the  most  part  of  them  rather  said  and 
affirmed,  that  of  truth  it  must  needes  be  sa 

As  one  of  those  Indian  Fleetes  put  out  of  Nova 
Spaigna,  there  were  five  and  thirty  of  them  by  storme  and 
tempest  cast  away  and  drowned  in  the  Sea,  being  fiftie  in 
all,  so  that  but  fifteene  escaped.  Of  the  Fieete  that  came 
fi-om  Santo  Domingo,  there  were  foureteene  cast  away, 
comming  out  of  the  Channell  of  Havana,  whereof  the 
AdmiraU  and  Viceadmirall  were  two  of  them :  and  from 
Terra  Firma  in  India,  there  came  two  ships  laden  with 
Gold  and  Silver,  that  were  taken  by  the  Englishmen,  and 
before  the  Spanish  Armie  came  to  Corvo,  the  Englishmen 
at  times  had  taken  at  the  least  twenty  ships,  that  came 
from  Saint  Domingo,  India,  Brasillia,  &c.  and  ail  sent  into 
England.  Whereby  it  plainly  appeareth,  that  in  the  end 
God  will  assuredly  plague  the  Spaniards,  having  already 
blinded  them,  so  diat  they  have  not  the  sence  to  perceive 
it,  but  still  to  remaine  in  their  obstinate  opinions :  but  it 
is  lost  labour  to  strive  against  God,  and  to  trust  in  man, 
as  being  foundations  erected  upon  the  sands,  which  with 
the  winde  are  blowne  downe  and  overthrowne,  as  we 
daily  sec  before  our  eyes,  and  now  not  long  since  in  manf 
places  have  evidently  observed :  and  therefore  let  every 
man  but  looke  into  his  owne  actions,  and  take  our  Low- 

396 


OCCURRENTS   AT  THE   AZORES  a.d. 

1591. 

Countries  for  an  example,  wherein  we  can  but  blame  our 
owne  sinnes  and  wickednesses,  which  doth  so  blinde  us, 
that  we  wholly  forget  and  reject  the  benefits  of  God, 
continuing  the  servants  and  yoke-slaves  of  Sathan.  God 
of  his  mercy  open  our  eyes  and  hearts,  that  wee  may  know 
our  onely  health  and  Saviour  Jesus  Christ,  who  onely 
can  helpe,  e^oveme,  and  preserve  us,  and  give  us  a  happy 
end  in  all  our  affaires.  By  this  destruction  of  the 
Spaniards,  and  their  evill  successe,  the  lading  and  shipping 
of  the  goods  that  were  saved  out  of  the  diip  that  came 
from  Malacca  to  Tercera,  was  againe  put  off :  and  there- 
fore wee  must  have  patience  tiff  it  please  God  to  send  a 
fitter  time,  and  that  we  receive  further  advise  and  order 
from  his  Majestie  of  Spaine. 

All  this  being  thus  past,  the  Farmers  of  Pepper  and  [IV.  viii. 
other  Merchants  that  had  their  goods  in  Tercera,  which  1681.] 

were  taken  out  of  the  lost  ship  that  came  from  Malacca, 
seeing  that  the  hope  of  any  Armada,  or  any  ships  in  the 
Kings  behalfe  to  be  sent  to  fetch  it,  was  all  in  vaine :  they 
macfc  request  unto  his  Majesty,  that  he  would  grant  them 
licence  every  man  particidarly  to  ship  his  goods  in  what 
ship  he  would  at  his  owne  adventure,  which  in  the  end, 
after  long  suite,  was  granted,  upon  condition  that  every 
man  should  put  in  sureties,  to  deliver  the  goods  in  the 
Custome-house  at  Lisbone,  to  the  end  the  King  might 
be  paied  his  custome,  as  also  that  the  goods  that  should 
be  delivered  unto  them  in  Tercera,  should  all  be  registred : 
whereupon  the  Farmers  of  Pepper,  with  other  Merchants, 
agreed  with  a  Flushinger,  to  fetch  all  the  Cloves,  Nut- 
megs, Mace,  and  other  spices  and  goods  that  belonged 
unto  them,  the  Pepper  onely  excepted,  which  as  then  the 
King  would  not  grant  to  lade.  The  same  Ship  arrived 
in  Tercera  about  the  last  of  November,  and  because  it 
was  somewhat  dangerous,  being  the  latter  end  of  the 
yeare,  we  laded  her  with  all  the  speede  we  could,  for  as 
then  the  coast  was  cleare  of  Enghshmen.  To  be  short, 
this  Flushinger  being  laden  with  most  part  of  the  goods, 
saving  the  fepper  that  was  left  behinde,  we  set  saile  for 

397 


iUD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PrLGHIMiS 

1591. 

Lisbone^  passinfi^  some  small  stormes,  not  once  meetiog 

with  any  ship,  Imt  onely  upon  the  coast  where  we  saw 

ten  Hollanders,  that  sailed  with  Come  towaids  Ligorne, 

and  other  places  in  Italie,  and  so  by  Gods  helpe  upon  the 

"592-  second  of  January,  Anno  1592,  we  arriTed  in  the  River 

of  Lisbone,  being  nine  yeares  after  my  departure  from 

thence,  and  there  I  staled  till  the  month  of  July,  to 

dispatch  such  things  as  I  had  to  doe,  and  upon 

the  seventeenth  of  the  same  month,  I  went 

to  Sentuval,  where  certaine  Hollanders 

lay,  with  whom  I  went  for 

Holland. 

THE    END    OP    THE    SIGHT    BOOKE. 


39« 


AJD. 

i6o6. 


English  Plantations, 

Discoveries,  Acts,  and  Occurrents,  in  Virginia 

and  Sununer  Hands  since  the  Yeere 

1606.  Till   1624. 

THE  NINTH  BOOKE. 


[IV.  ix. 

1683.] 


Chap.  L 

Part  of  the  first  Patent  granted  by  his  Majestic 
for  the  Plantation  of  Virginia,  Aprill  the  tenth 
1606. 

Ames  by  the  grace  of  God,  &c.  Whereas 
our  loving  and  well  disposed  Subjects,  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  Sir  George  Summers 
Knights,  Richard  Hakluyt  Gierke,  Pre- 
bendary of  Westminister,  Edward  Maria 
Wingfield,  Thomas  Hannam,  Rawteigh 
Gilbert  Esquires,  William  Parker,  George 
Popham,  and  divers  others  of  our  loving  Subjects  have 
beene  humble  Suitors  unto  us  that  we  would  vouchsafe 
unto  them  oiu*  License  to  make  Habitation,  Plantation, 
and  to  deduce  a  Colonie  of  sundry  of  our  peo[^  into 
that  part  of  America;  commonly  called  Virginia;  and 
other  parts  and  Territories  in  America,  either  appcrtayn- 
ing  xmto  us,  or  which  now  are  not  actually  possessed  by 
any  Christian  Prince  or  people,  situate  lying  and  being 

399 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

all  along  the  Sea  Coast  betweene  thirtie  foure  degrees  of 
Northeny  latitude  from  the  Equinoctiall  Line,  and  fortie 
five  degrees  of  the  same  latitude,  and  in  the  mayne  Land 
betweene  the  same  thirtie  foure  and  fortie  five  degrees, 
and  the  Hands  thereunto  adjacent  within  one  hundred 
miles  of  the  Coast  thereof.  And  to  that  end,  and  for  the 
more  speedie  accomplishment  of  the  said  intended 
Plantation  and  Habitation  there,  are  desirous  to  devide 
themselves  into  two  severall  Colonies  and  Companies, 
the  one  consisting  of  certaine  Knights,  Gentlemen, 
Merchants,  and  other  Adventurers  of  our  Citie  of  London 
and  elsewhere,  which  are  and  from  time  to  time  shall  be 

1'oyned  unto  them,  which  doe  desire  to  beginne  their 
i^lantations  and  Habitations,  in  some  fit  and  convenient 
place  betweene  thirtie  foure  and  fortie  one  degrees  of 
the  said  latitude,  all  alongst  the  Sea  Coast  of  Virginia, 
and  Coast  of  America  aforesaid.  And  the  other  consist- 
ing of  sundry  Knights,  Gentlemen,  Merchants,  and  other 
Adventurers  of  oxu-  Cities,  of  Bristoll  and  Exeter,  and 
of  OXU"  Towne  of  Plymmouth  and  other  places  which  doc 

t'oyne  themselves  unto  that  Colonie,  which  desire  to 
>eginne  their  Plantations  and  Habitations  in  some  fit 
and  convenient  place  betweene  thirtie  eight  and  fortie 
five  degrees  of  the  said  latitude:  all  alongst  the  said 
Coast  of  Virginia  and  America,  as  that  Coast  lyeth.  We 
greatly  commending  and  graciously  accepting  of  their 
desires  to  the  furtherance  of  so  Noble  a  worke,  whidi 
may  by  the  providence  of  Almi^htie  God  hereafter  tend 
to  the  glorie  of  his  Divine  Majestie,  in  propagating  of 
Christian  Religion,  to  such  people  as  yet  live  in  dark- 
nesse,  miserable  ignorance  of  the  true  knowledge  and 
worship  of  God,  and  may  in  time  bring  the  Infidels  and 
Savages  ^living  in  those  parts)  to  humane  civilitie  and 
to  a  settled  and  quiet  government,  doe  by  these  our 
Letters  Patents  graciously  accept  of,  and  agree  to  their 
humble  and  well  intended  desires.  And  doe  therefore  for 
[IV.  ix.  us  our  Heires  and  Successours  grant  and  agree  that  the 

1684.]  said  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  Sir  George  Summers,  Richard 

400 


THE  FIRST  PATENT  FOR  VIRGINIA  a.d 

i6o6, 
Hakluyt,  and  Edward  Maria  Wingfield,  Adventurers  of 
our  Citie  of  London,  and  all  such  others  as  are  or  shall 
be  joyned  unto  them  of  that  Colonie  shall  be  called  the 
first  Colonie,  and  they  shall  and  may  beginne  their  said  The  first 
£rst  Plantation  and  Seate,  of  their  first  abode  and  Habita-  CoUmy  to  bee 
tion  at  any  place  upon  the  said  Coast  of  Virginia  or  /^'f^ 
America,  where   they  shall  thinke  fit  and  convenient,  ^!T^^\es 
betweene  the  said  thirtie  foure  and  fortie  one  degrees  of  of  North 
the  said  latitude.     And  that  they  shall  have  all  the  Lands,  latitude.  They 
Woods,  Soyle,  Grounds,  Havens,  Ports,  Rivers,  Mynes,  fo  have  all  the 
Minerals,  Marishes,  Waters,  Fishings,  Commodities  and  ^*^'  ^^*  ^ 
Hereditaments  whatsoever,  jfrom  the  said  first  seate  of  ]Miimtles^ 
their  Plantation,  and  Habitation  by  the  space  of  fiftie  fTest  South- 
miles  of  English  Statute  measure  all  alongst  the  said  west Jhm  the 
Coast  of  Virginia  and  America,  towards  the  West  and  ^J^^fJ^'^ 
South-west  as  the  Coast  lyeth,  withall  the  Hands  within  "^^^    "^'* 
one  hundred  miles  directly  over  against  the  same  Sea  Mynes^  i^c. 
Coast :  And  also  all  the  Lands,  Soyle,  Grounds,  Havens,  The  Rke  East 
Ports,    Rivers,    Mynes,    Myneralls,    Woods,    Marishes,  ^f'?*'t?'^ 
Waters,    Fishings,    Commodities,    and    Hereditaments,  ^^^^ 
whatsoever  fi-om  the  said  plaice  of  their  first  Plantation  loo.  miles  in 
and  Habitation  for  the  space  of  Jiftie  like  English  miles  the  Sea  over 
all   alongst   the   said    Coast   of  Virginia,  and   America,  ^g^^^^f^- 
towards  the  East  and  North-east  as  the  Coast  lyeth,  ]^'i^^^ 
together  with  all  the  Hands  within  one  hundred  miles  i^c.  None  to 
directly  over  against  the  same  Sea-coast.     And  also  all  inhabit  on  the 
the    Liands,    Woods,    Sovle,    Grounds,    Havens,    Ports,  ^^^^iiU 
Rivers,  Mynes,  Mynerals,  Marishes,  Waters,  Fishings,  ^^^f^^ 
Commodities,  and  Hereditaments,  whatsoever  jfrom  the  ^y^^^tin^^ 
same,  fiftie  miles  every  way  on  the  Sea  Coast  directly  into  Wr. 
the  mayne  Land  by  the  space  of  one  hundred  like  English 
miles.     And  shall  and  may  inhabit  and  remayne  tnere, 
and  shall  and  may  also  build  and  fortifie  within  any  the 
same  for  their  better  safeguard  and  defence,  according 
to  their  best  discretions,  and  the  direction  of  the  Coimcefl 
of  that  Colonie.     And  that  no  other  of  our  Subjects  shall 
be  permitted  or  suffered  to  plant,  or  inhabit  behind  or 
on  the  backeside  of  them  towards  the  mayne  Land,  with- 

XVIII  401  2  0 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606. 

out  the  expresse  license  or  consent  of  the  Councell  of  that 
Colonie,  thereunto  in  writing  first  had  or  obtained.  And 
we  doe  likewise  for  us  our  I^ires  and  Successors,  by  these 
presents,  grant  and  a^ee  that  the  said  Thomas  Hanham^ 
Rawleigh  Gilbert,  William  Parker,  and  George  Popham, 
and  all  others  of  the  Towne  of  Plimmouth  in  the  G}untie 
of  Devon,  or  elsewhere,  which  are  or  shall  be  joyned  unto 
them  of  that  Colonie  shall  be  called  the  second  Colonic, 
and  that  they  shall  and  may  begin  their  said  first  Planta- 
tion and  Seate,  of  their  first  aboad  and  Habitation  at  any 
place  upon  the  said  Coast  of  Virginia  and  America; 
where  they  shall  thinke  fit  and  convenient  betweene 
thirtie  eight  and  fortie  five  degrees  of  the  same  latitude, 
and  that  they  shall  have  all  the  Lands,  Soyle,  Grounds, 
Havens,  Ports,  Rivers,  Mynes,  Minerals,  Woods, 
Marishes,  Waters,  Fishings,  Commodities,  and  Here- 
ditaments, whatsoever  fi-om  the  first  Seate  of  their  Planta- 
tion and  Habitation,  by  the  space  of  fiftie  like  English 
miles,  as  is  aforesaid,  all  alongst  the  said  Coast  of  Virginia 
and  America  towards  the  West  and  South-west,  and 
towards  the  South  as  the  Coast  lieth :  And  all  the  Hands 
within  one  hundred  miles  directly  over  against  the  same 
Sea  Coast.  And  also  all  the  Lands,  Soyle,  Grounds, 
Havens,  Ports,  Rivers,  Mynes,  Mynerals,  Woods, 
Marishes,  Waters,  Fishings,  Commodities,  and  Heredita- 
ments whatsoever  from  the  said  place  of  their  first  Planta- 
tion and  Habitation  for  the  space  of  fiftie  like  English 
miles  all  alongst  the  said  Coast  of  Virginia  and  America, 
towards  the  East  and  North-east,  and  towards  the  North 
as  the  Coast  lyeth,  and  all  the  Hands  within  one  hundred 
miles  directly  over  against  the  same  Coast,  and  also  all  the 
Lands,  Soyle,  Grounds,  Havens,  Ports,  Rivers,  Woods, 
Mynes,  Mynerals,  Marishes,  Waters,  Fishings,  Com- 
modities and  Hereditaments  whatsoever,  fi-om  the  same 
fiftie  miles  every  way  on  the  Sea  Coast  directly  into  the 
mayne  Land,  bv  the  space  of  one  hundred  like  English 
miles ;  and  shall  and  may  inhabit  there,  and  shall  and  may 
also  build  and  fortifie  within  any  the  same,  for  their  better 

403 


THE  FIRST  PATENT  FOR  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

safeguard  according  to  their  best  discretions,  and  the 
direction  of  the  Councell  of  that  Colonie,  and  that  none 
of  oiir  Subjects  shall  be  permitted  or  suffered  to  plant  or 
inhabit  behind,  or  on  the  backe  of  them  towards  the 
mayne  Land,  without  the  expresse  license  or  consent  of 
the  Councell  of  that  Colonic  in  writing  thereunto  first 
had  and  obtained.     Provided  alwayes,  See. 

It  foUoweth  that  neither  Colonie  shall  plant  within  one 
hundred  miles  of  each  other ;  also  that  each  Colonie  shal 
have  a  Councell  of  thirteene  persons  to  rule  and  be  ruled 
according  to  Articles  set  downe  and  confirmed  under  the 
Privie  Seale  (which  I  have,  but  for  brevitie  omit,  as  also 
the  rest  of  this  Patent)  the  Seales  of  each  Colonie 
appointed,  the  digging  of  Mynes  nanted  in  the  same, 
and  on  the  backside  of  their  Colonies  within  the  mayne 
Land,  paying  the  fift  of  Gold  and  Silver,  and  fifteenth 
of  Copper  to  the  King ;  libertie  to  carrie  all  Subjects  (not 
restramed)  which  wiU  goe  with  them.  Of  coyning  for 
the  Colonies  use  there,  of  repelling  enemies,  of  staying 
ships  which  trade  there  without  leave,  were  too  long  to 
reherse,  seeing  this  Patent  hath  beene  often  altered  and 
renewed. 

Chap.  11.  [IV.  ix. 

1685.] 
Observations  gathered  out  of  a  Discourse  of  the 

Plantation  of  the  Southerne  Colonie  in  Vir- 
ginia by  the  English,  1606.  Written  by  that 
Honorable  Gentleman   Master  George   Percy. 

N  Saturday  the  twentieth  of  December 

in   the  yeere   1606.   the  fleet  fell  from 

London,    and    the    fift    of    January    we 

anchored  in  the  Downes ;  but  the  winds 

,^^^^        continued    contrarie    so    long,    that    we 

I  @)>^>^i^    were   forced   to   stay   there   some   time, 

where  wee  suffered  great  stormes,  but 

by  the  skilfiilnesse  of  the  Captaine  wee  sufl^ered  no  great 

losse  or  danger. 

403 


A.D. 
1607. 

The  next  Jay 
Cap.  Smitk 
was  snspictid 
fir  a  supposed 
Mutmie^ 


ae  such  matter. 
Trade  at 
Domisnca. 


Bruttskaesse 
of  the 
Domimcam, 


Fight  betwixt 
a  iVkaky  the 
Thresher  and 
Sword-fish. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

The  twelfth  day  of  February  at  night  we  saw  a  blazing 
Starre,  and  presently  a  storme.  The  three  and  twentieth 
day  we  fell  with  the  Iland  of  Mattanenio  in  the  West 
Indies.  The  foure  and  twentieth  dav  we  anchored  at 
DominicO)  within  fourteene  decrees  0/  the  Line,  a  very 
faire  Iland,  the  Trees  full  of  sweet  and  good  smeis 
inhabited  by  many  Savage  Indians,  they  were  at  first  very 
scrupulous  to  come  aboord  us.  Wee  learned  of  them 
afterwards  that  the  Spaniards  had  given  them  a  great 
overthrow  on  this  He,  but  when  they  knew  what  we  were, 
there  came  many  to  our  ships  with  their  Canoas,  bringing 
us  many  kindes  of  sundry  fruites,  as  Pines,  Potatoes, 
Plantons,  Tobacco,  and  other  fruits,  and  Roane  Cloth 
abundance,  which  they  had  gotten  out  of  certaine  Spanish 
ships  that  were  cast  away  upon  that  Iland.  We  gave 
them  Knives,  Hatchets  for  exchange  which  they  esteeme 
much,  wee  also  gave  them  Beades,  Copper  Jewels  whidi 
they  hang  through  their  nosthrils,  eares,  and  lips,  very 
strange  to  behold,  their  bodies  are  adl  painted  red  to  keepe 
away  the  bitine^  of  Muscetos,  they  goe  all  naked  without 
covering :  the  haire  of  their  head  is  a  yard  long,  all  of  a 
length  pleated  in  three  plats  hanging  downe  to  their 
wastes,  they  suffer  no  haire  to  wow  on  their  faces,  they 
cut  their  skinnes  in  divers  workes,  they  are  continually 
in  warres,  and  will  eate  their  enemies  when  they  kill  them, 
or  any  stranger  if  they  take  them.  They  will  lap  up 
mans  spittle,  whilst  one  spits  in  their  mouthes  in  a  bar- 
barous fashion  like  Dogges.  These  people  and  the  rest 
of  the  Hands  in  the  West  Indies,  and  Brasill,  are  called  by 
the  names  of  Canibals,  that  will  eate  mans  flesh,  these 
people  doe  poyson  their  Arrow  heads,  which  are  made 
of  a  fishes  bone :  they  worship  the  Devill  for  their  God, 
and  have  no  other  beliefe.  Whilest  we  remayned  at  this 
Iland  we  saw  a  Whale  chased  by  a  Thresher  and  a  Sword* 
fish :  they  fought  for  the  space  of  two  houres,  we  might 
see  the  Thresher  with  his  flavle  lay  on  the  monstrous 
blowes  which  was  strange  to  benold :  in  the  end  these  two 
fishes  brought  the  Wlule  to  her  end. 

404 


GEORGE  PERCY  ad 

1607. 
The  sixe  and  twentieth  day,  we  had  sight  of  Mari-  Margalanta. 
galanta,  and  the  next  day  wee  sailed  with  a  slacke  saile 
aiongst  the  lie  of  Guadalupa,  where  we  went  ashore,  and  Guadakpa. 
found  a  Bath  which  was  so  hot,  that  no  man  was  able  to  Bath  very  hot 
stand  long  by  it,  our  Admirall  Captaine  Newport  caused 
a  piece  of  Porke  to  be  put  in  it :  which  boyled  it  so  in 
the  space  of  halfe  an  houre,  as  no  fire  coxdd  mend  it.    Then 
we  went  aboord  and  sailed  by  many  Hands,  as  Mounserot 
and  an  Hand  called  Saint  Christopher,  both  unhabited 
about ;  about  two  a  clocke  in  the  afternoone  wee  anchored 
at  the  He  of  Mevis.     There  the  Captaine  landed  all  his  Mems. 
men  being  well  fitted  with  Muskets  and  other  convenient 
Armes,  marched  a  mile  into  the  Woods;    being  com- 
manded to  stand  upon  their  guard,  fearing  the  treacherie 
of  the  Indians,  which  is  an  ordinary  use  amongst  them 
and  all  other  Savages  on  this  He,  we  came  to  a  Bath  Bath  at 
standing  in  a  Valley  betwixt  two  Hils ;  where  wee  bathed  ^^^'• 
our  selves  and  foimd  it  to  be  of  the  nature  of  the  Bathes 
in  England,  some  places  hot  and  some  colder :  and  men 
mav  refresh  themselves  as  they  please,  finding  this  place 
to  be  so  convenient  for  our  men  to  avoid  diseases,  which 
will  breed  in  so  long  a  Voyage,  wee  incamped  our  selves 
on  this  He  sixe  dayes,  and  spent  none  of  our  ships  victuall, 
by  reason  our  men  some  went  a  himting,  some  a  fouling, 
and  some  a  fishing,  where  we  got  great  store  of  Conies,  Commodities 
sundiy  kinds  of  fowles,  and  great  plentie  of  fish.     We  ^^^'•<^- 
kept  Centinels  and  Courts  de  gard  at  every  Captaines 
quarter,  fearing  wee  should  be  assaulted  by  the  Indians, 
tnat  were  on  the  other  side  of  the  Hand :  wee  saw  none 
nor  were  molested  by  any :  but  some  few  we  saw  as  we 
were  a  hunting  on  the  Hand.     They  would  not  come  to 
us  by  any  meanes,  but  ranne  swiftly  through  the  Woods 
to  the  Mountaine  tops ;    so  we  lost  the  sight  of  them : 
whereupon  we  made  all  the  haste  wee  could  to  our  quarter, 
thinking  there  had  beene  a  great  ambush  of  Indians  there 
abouts.     We  past  into  the  thickest  of  the  Woods  where 
we  had  almost  lost  our  selves,  we  had  not  gone  above 
Jhalfe  a  mile  amongst  the  thicke,  but  we  came  mto  a  most 

405 


1607. 


ApriU. 


[IV.  ix. 


1686.] 


Tortoises. 


Mevis  toaur 
umwhlesomi. 


Ed.  Brookes 
Jmnt  mth 
Mrst. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

pleasant  Garden,  being  a  hundred  paces  square  on  every 
side,  having  many  Cotton-trees  growing  in  it  with  abund- 
ance of  Cotton-wooll,  and  many  Guiacum  trees:  wee 
saw  the  goodliest  tall  trees  growing  so  thicke  about  the 
Garden,  as  though  they  had  beene  set  by  Art,  which 
made  us  marvell  very  much  to  see  it. 

The  third  dav,  wee  set  saile  from  Mevis:  the  fourth 
day  we  sailed  along  by  Castutia  and  by  Saba :  This  day 
we  anchored  at  the  He  of  Virgines,  in  an  excellent  Bay 
able  to  harbour  a  hundred  Ships :  if  this  Bay  stood  in 
England,  it  would  be  a  great  profit  and  commoditie  to 
theXand.  On  this  Hand  wee  caught  great  store  of  Fresh- 
fish,  and  abundance  of  Sea  Tortoises,  which  served  all  our 
Fleet  three  daies,  which  were  in  number  eight  score 
persons.  We  also  killed  great  store  of  wilde  Fowle,  wee 
cut  the  Barkes  of  certaine  Trees  which  tasted  much  like 
Cinnamon,  and  very  hot  in  the  mouth.  This  Iland  in 
some  places  hath  very  good  ground,  straight  and  taB 
Timber.  But  the  greatest  disconunoditie  that  wee  have 
seene  on  this  Iland  is  that  it  hath  no  Fresh-water,  which 
makes  the  place  void  of  any  Inhabitants. 

Upon  the  sixt  day,  we  set  saile  and  passed  by  Becam, 
and  by  Saint  John  de  Porto  Rico.  The  seventh  day,  we 
arrived  at  Mona :  where  wee  watered,  which  we  stood  in 
great  need  of,  seeing  that  our  water  did  smell  so  vildly 
that  none  of  our  men  was  able  to  indure  it.  Whilst  some 
of  the  Saylers  were  a  filling  the  Caskes  with  water,  the 
Captaine,  and  the  rest  of  the  Gentlemen,  and  other 
Soldiers  marched  up  in  the  He  sixe  myles,  thinking  to 
find  some  other  provision  to  maintaine  our  victuaUing; 
as  wee  marched  we  killed  two  wild  Bores,  and  saw  a  huge 
wild  Bull,  his  homes  was  an  ell  betweene  the  two  tops. 
Wee  also  killed  Guanas,  in  fashion  of  a  Serpent,  and 
speckled  like  a  Toade  under  the  belly.  These  wayes  that 
wee  went,  being  so  troublesome  and  vilde  going  upon  the 
sharpe  Rockes,  that  many  of  our  men  fainted  in  the  march, 
but  by  good  fortune  wee  lost  none  but  one  Edward 
Brookes  Gentleman,  whose  fat  melted  within  him  by  the 

406 


GEORGE  PERCY  a.d. 

1607. 
great  heate  and  drought  of  the  Countrey :  we  were  not 
able  to  relieve  him  nor  our  selves,  so  he  died  in  that  great 
extreamitie. 

The  ninth  day  in  the  afternoone,  we  went  off  with  our 
Boat  to  the  He  of  Moneta,  some  three  leagues  from  Mona,  Mweta. 
where  we  had  a  terrible  landing,  and  a  troublesome  £;etting 
up  to  the  top  of  the  Mountaine  or  He,  being  a  high  firme 
Rocke  step,  with  many  terrible  sharpe  stones :  After  wee 
got  to  the  top  of  the  De,  we  found  it  to  bee  a  fertill  and 
a  plaine  ^ound,  full  of  goodly  grasse,  and  abundance  of 
Fowles  oT  all  kindes,  they  flew  over  our  heads  as  thicke  Store  of fiwks. 
as  drops  of  Hale ;  besides  they  made  such  a  noise,  that 
wee  were  not  able  to  heare  one  another  speake.  Further- 
more, wee  were  not  able  to  set  our  feet  on  the  ground, 
but  either  on  Fowles  or  Egges  which  lay  so  thicke  in 
the  grasse :  Wee  laded  two  Boats  full  in  the  space  of  three 
houres,  to  our  great  refreshing. 

The  tenth  day  we  set  saile,  and  disimboeed  out  of  the 
West  Indies,  and  bare  our  course  Northerly.     The  four- 
teenth day  we  passed  the  Tropicke  of  Cancer.     The  one 
and  twentieth  day,  about  five  a  clocke  at  night  there  began 
a  vehement  tempest,  which  lasted  all  tne  night,  with 
winds,  raine,  and  thunders  in  a  terrible  manner.     Wee 
were  forced  to  lie  at  Hull  that  night,  because  we  thought 
wee  had  beene  neerer  land  then  wee  were.     The  next 
morning,  being  the  two  and  twentieth  day  wee  sounded ; 
and  the  three  and  twentieth  and  foure  and  twentieth  day, 
but  we  could  find  no  ground.     The  five  and  twentieth  iVewere 
day  we  sounded,  and  had  no  ground  at  an  hundred  fathom,  driven  to  try 
The  six  and  twentieth  day  of  Aprill,  about  foure  a  clocke  ^^^^^^^ 
in  the  morning,  wee  descried  the  Land  of  Virginia :  the  ^grefirceT 
same  day  wee  entred  into  the  Bay  of  Chesupioc  directly,  nare  the 
without  any  let  or  hinderance ;    there  wee  landed  and  skoare,  not 
discovered  a  little  wajr,  but  wee  could  find  nothing  worth  ^^'^^i 
the  speaking  of,  but  faire  meddowes  and  goodly  tafi  Trees,  ^^f  ^^ 
with  such  Fresh-waters  running  through  the  woods,  as  I  Tkey  Umd  in 
was  almost  ravished  at  the  first  sight  thereof.  Vir^a. 

At  night,  when  wee  were  going  aboard,  there  came  the 

407 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607, 

Savages  creeping  upon  all  foure,  from  the  Hills  like 
Beares,  with  their  Bowes  in  their  mouthes,  charged  us 
very  desperately  in  the  faces,  hurt  Captaine  Gabrill  Archer 
in  both  his  hands,  and  a  sayler  in  two  places  of  the  body 
very  dangerous.  After  they  had  spent  their  Arrowcs, 
and  felt  the  sharpnesse  of  our  shot,  they  retired  into  the 
Woods  with  a  great  noise,  and  so  left  us. 

The  seven  and  twentieth  dav  we  began  to  build  up 
our  Shallop :  the  Gentlemen  and  Souldiers  marched  eight 
miles  up  into  the  Land,  we  could  not  see  a  Savage  in  all 
that  march,  we  came  to  a  place  where  they  had  made  a  great 
fire,  and  had  beene  newly  a  rosting  Oysters :  when  they 
perceived  our  comming,  they  fled  away  to  the  Mountaines, 
and  left  many  of  the  Oysters  in  the  fire:  we  eat  some 
of  the  Oysters,  which  were  very  large  and  delicate  in 
taste. 

The  eighteenth  day  we  lanched  our  Shallop,  the 
Captaine  and  some  Gentlemen  went  in  her,  and  discovered 
up  the  Bay,  we  found  a  River  on  the  Southside  running 
into  the  Maine ;  we  entered  it  and  found  it  very  shoald 
water,  not  for  any  Boats  to  swim :  Wee  went  further  into 
the  Bay,  and  saw  a  plaine  plot  of  ground  where  we  went 
on  Land,  and  found  the  place  five  mile  in  compasse, 
without  either  Bush  or  Tree,  we  saw  nothing  there  but  a 
Cannow,  which  was  made  out  of  the  whole  tree,  which 
was  five  and  fortie  foot  long  by  the  Rixle.  Upon  this 
plot  of  ground  we  got  good  store  of  Mussels  and  Oysters, 
which  lay  on  the  ground  as  thicke  as  stones :  wee  opened 
some,  and  found  in  many  of  them  Pearles.  Wee  marched 
some  three  or  foure  miles  further  into  the  Woods, 
where  we  saw  great  smoakes  of  fire.  Wee  marched 
to  those  smoakes  and  found  that  the  Savages  had  beene 
there  burning  downe  the  grasse,  as  wee  thought  either  to 
make  their  plantation  there,  or  else  to  give  signes  to  bring 
their  forces  together,  and  so  to  give  us  battell.  We  past 
through  excellent  ground  full  of  Flowers  of  divers  kinds 
and  colours,  and  as  goodly  trees  as  I  have  seene,  as  Cedar, 
Cipresse,  and  other  kindes :  going  a  little  further  we  came 

408 


GEORGE   PERCY 


A.D. 
1607. 


into  a  little  plat  of  ground  full  of  fine  and  beautifuU 
Strawberries,  foure  times  bigger  and  better  then  ours  in  Strawberries. 
England-     All  this  march  we  could  neither  see  Savage  [IV.  ix. 
nor  Towne.     When  it  grew  to  be  towards  night  we  stood  1687.] 

backe  to  our  Ships,  we  sounded  and  found  it  shallow 
water  for  a  great  way,  which  put  us  out  of  all  hopes  for 
getting  any  higher  with  our  Ships,  which  road  at  the 
mouth  of  the  Kiver.  Wee  rowed  over  to  a  point  of 
Land,  where  wee  found  a  channell,  and  sounded  six,  ei^ht, 
ten,  or  twelve  fathom :  which  put  us  in  good  comfort. 
Therefore  wee  named  that  point  of  Land,  Cape  Comfort*  PohtCmfirt. 

The  nine  and  twentieth  day  we  set  up  a  Crosse  at 
Chesupioc  Bay,  and  named  that  place  Cape  Henry. 
Thirtieth  day,  we  came  with  our  ships  to  Cape  Comfort ; 
where  wee  saw  five  Savages  running  on  the  shoare ;  pre- 
sently the  Captaine  caused  the  shaUop  to  be  manned,  so 
rowing  to  the  shoare,  the  Captaine  called  to  them  in  signe 
of  fiiiendship,  but  they  were  at  first  very  timersome,  imtil 
they  saw  the  Captain  lay  his  hand  on  his  heart :  upon  that 
they  laid  down  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  and  came  very 
boldly  to  us,  making  signes  to  come  a  shoare  to  their 
Towne,  which  is  called  by  the  Savages  Kecoughtan.  Wee  Kecougktan, 
coasted  to  their  Towne,  rowing  over  a  River  running  into 
the  Maine,  where  these  Savages  swam  over  with  their 
Bowes  and  Arrowes  in  their  mouthes. 

When  we  came  over  to  the  other  side,  there  was  a 
many  of  other  Savages  which  directed  us  to  their  Towne, 
where  we  were  entertained  by  them  very  kindly.  When 
we  came  first  a  Land  they  made  a  dolefull  noise,  laying 
their  faces  to  the  ground,  scratching  the  earth  with  their 
nailes.  We  did  thinke  that  they  had  beene  at  their 
Idolatry.  When  they  had  ended  their  Ceremonies,  they 
went  into  their  houses  and  brought  out  mats  and  laid  upon 
the  ground,  the  chiefest  of  them  sate  all  in  a  rank :  the 
meanest  sort  brought  us  such  dainties  as  they  had,  &  of 
their  bread  which  they  make  of  their  Maiz  or  Gennea 
wheat,  they  would  not  suffer  us  to  eat  unlesse  we  sate 
down,  which  we  did  on  a  Mat  right  against  them.     After 

409 


A.D. 

1607. 

Tobacco, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


we  were  well  satisfied  thev  gave  us  of  their  Tabacco,  which 
they  tooke  in  a  pipe  maae  artificially  of  earth  as  ours  are, 
but  far  bigger,  with  the  bowle  fashioned  together  with  a 
piece  of  fine  copper.  After  they  had  feasted  us,  they 
shewed  us,  in  welcome,  their  manner  of  dancing,  which 
was  in  this  fashion :  one  of  the  Savages  standing  in  the 
midst  singing,  beating  one  hand  against  another,  all  the 
Singing  and  rest  dancing  about  him,  shouting,  howling,  and  stamping 
Dancing.  against  the  ground,  with  many  Anticke  tricks  and  faces, 
making  noise  like  so  many  Wolves  or  Devils.  One  thing 
of  them  I  observed ;  when  they  were  in  their  dance  they 
kept  stroke  with  their  feet  just  one  with  another,  but  with 
their  hands,  heads,  faces,  and  bodies,  every  one  of  them 
had  a  severall  gesture :  so  they  continued  for  the  space  of 
halfe  an  houre.  When  they  had  ended  their  dance,  the 
Captaine  gave  them  Beades  and  other  trifling  Jewells. 
They  hang  through  their  eares  Fowles  legs :  they  shave 
the  right  side  of  their  heads  with  a  sheU,  the  left  side  they 
weare  of  an  ell  long  tied  up  with  an  artificiall  knot,  with 
a  many  of  Foules  feathers  sticking  in  it.  They  goe 
altogether  naked,  but  their  privities  are  covered  with 
Beasts  skinnes  beset  commonly  with  little  bones,  or  beasts 
teeth:  some  paint  their  bodies  bkcke,  some  red,  with 
artificiall  knots  of  sundry  lively  colours,  very  beautiful! 
and  pleasing  to  the  eye,  in  a  braver  fashion  then  they  in 
the  West  Indies. 

The  fourth  day  of  May,  we  came  to  the  King  of 
Werowance  of  Paspihe :  where  they  entertained  us  with 
J longoration,  much  welcome;  an  old  Savage  made  a  long  Oration, 
making  a  foule  noise,  uttering  his  speech  with  a  vehement 
action,  but  we  knew  little  what  they  meant.  Whilst  wc 
were  in  company  with  the  Paspihes,  the  Werowance  of 
Rapahanna  came  from  the  other  side  of  the  River  in  his 
Cannoa :  he  seemed  to  take  displeasure  of  our  being  with 
the  Paspihes:  he  would  faine  have  had  us  come  to  his 
Towne,  the  Captaine  was  unwilling ;  seeing  that  the  day 
was  so  far  spent  he  returned  backe  to  his  ships  for  that 
night. 

410 


GEORGE   PERCY  a.d. 

1607. 

The  next  day,  being  the  fift  of  May,  the  Werowance 
of  Rapahanna  sent  a  Messenger  to  have  us  come  to  him. 
We  entertained  the  said  Messenger,  and  gave  him  trifles 
which  pleased  him:  Wee  manned  oiir  shallop  with 
Muskets  and  Targatiers  sufficiently :  this  said  Messenger 
guided  us  where  our  determination  was  to  goe.  When 
wee  landed,  the  Werowance  of  Rapahanna  came  downe 
to  the  water  side  with  all  his  traine,  as  goodly  men  as  any 
I  have  seene  of  Savages  or  Christians:  the  Werowance 
comming  before  them  playing  on  a  Flute  made  of  a  Reed,  A  Fiuu  made 
with  a  Crown  of  Deares  haire  colloured  red,  in  fashion  of  of  a  Reed, 
a  Rose  fastened  about  his  knot  of  haire,  and  a  great  Plate 
of  Copper  on  the  other  side  of  his  head,  with  two  long 
Feathers  in  fashion  of  a  paire  of  Homes  placed  in  the 
midst  of  his  Crowne.  His  body  was  painted  all  with 
Crimson,  with  a  Chaine  of  Beads  about  his  necke,  his 
fece  painted  blew,  besprinkled  with  silver  Ore  as  wee 
thou^t,  his  eares  all  behun^  with  Braslets  of  Pearle,  and 
in  either  eare  a  Birds  Claw  through  it  beset  with 
fine  Copper  or  Gold,  he  entertained  us  in  so  modest 
a  proud  fashion,  as  though  he  had  beene  a  Prince 
of  civill  government,  holdmg  his  countenance  without 
laughter  or  any  such  ill  behaviour;  he  caused  his  Mat 
to  be  spred  on  the  ground,  where  hee  sate  downe  with  a 
great  Majestie,  taking  a  pipe  of  Tabacco :  the  rest  of  his 
company  standing  about  him.  After  he  had  rested  a 
while  he  rose,  and  made  signes  to  us  to  come  to  his 
Towne :  Hee  went  formost,  and  all  the  rest  of  his  people 
and  our  selves  followed  him  up  a  steepe  Hill  where  his 
Palace  was  settled.  Wee  passed  through  the  Woods  in 
fine  paths,  having  most  pleasant  Springs  which  issued 
from  the  Mountaines:  Wee  also  went  through  the 
goodliest  Corne  fieldes  that  ever  was  seene  m  any  riv.  ix. 
Countrey.     When  wee  came  to  Rapahannos  Towne,  hee  1688.] 

entertained  us  in  good  humanitie. 

The  eight  day  of  May  we  discovered  up  the  River. 
We  landed  in  the  Countrey  of  Apamatica,  at  our  landing, 
there  came  many  stout  and  able  Savages  to  resist  us  with 

411 


A.D. 
1607. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  in  a  most  warlike  manner^  witb 
the  swords  at  their  backes  beset  with  sharpe  stones^  and 
pieces  of  yron  able  to  cleave  a  man  in  sunder.  Amongst 
the  rest  one  of  the  chiefest  standing  before  them  c^oss^ 
legged,  with  his  Arrow  readie  in  his  Bow  in  one  hand,  and 
taking  a  Pipe  of  Tobacco  in  the  other,  with  a  bold  uttering 
of  his  speech,  demanded  of  us  our  being  there,  willing  us 
to  bee  gone.  Wee  made  signes  of  peace,  which  they  per- 
ceived m  the  end,  and  let  us  land  in  quietnesse. 

The  twelfth  day  we  went  backe  to  our  ships,  and  dis- 
ArchersHope.  covered  a  point  of  Land,  called  Archers  Hope,  which  was 
sufficient  with  a  little  labour  to  defend  our  selves  against 
any  Enemy.  The  soile  was  good  and  fruitful!,  with  excel- 
lent good  Timber.  There  are  also  great  store  of  Vines  in 
bignesse  of  a  mans  thigh,  running  up  to  the  tops  of  the 
Trees  in  great  abundance.  We  also  did  see  many 
Squirels,  Conies,  Black  Birds  with  crimson  wings,  and 
divers  other  Fowles  and  Birds  of  divers  and  sundrie 
collours  of  crimson,  Watchet,  Yellow,  Greene,  Murry,  and 
of  divers  other  hewes  naturally  without  any  art  using. 

We  foimd  store  of  Turkie  nests  and  many  Egges,  if 
it  had  not  beene  disliked,  because  the  ship  could  not  ride 
neere  the  shoare,  we  had  setled  there  to  all  the  CoUonies 
contentment. 

The  thirteenth  day,  we  came  to  our  seating  place  in 
Paspihas  Countrey,  some  eight  miles  from  the  point  cS. 
Land,  which  I  made  mention  before :  where  our  shippes 
doe  lie  so  neere  the  shoare  that  they  are  moored  to  the 
Trees  in  six  fathom  water. 

The  foiu^teenth  day  we  landed  all  our  men  which  were 
set  to  worke  about  the  fortification,  and  others  some  to 
watch  and  ward  as  it  was  convenient.  The  first  night  of 
our  landing,  about  midnight,  there  came  some  Savages 
sayling  close  to  oxu*  quarter:  presently  there  was  an 
alarum  given ;  upon  that  the  Savages  ran  away,  and  we 
not  troubled  any  more  by  them  that  night.  Not  long 
after  there  came  two  Savages  that  seemed  to  be  G)m- 
manders,  bravely  drest,  with  Crownes  of  coloured  haire 

412 


Their  Planta- 
turn  at  James 
Towne, 


GEORGE  PERCY  a.d. 

1607. 
upon  their  heads,  which  came  as  Messengets  from  the 
Werowance  of  Paspihae ;  telling  us  that  their  Werowance 
was  comming  and  would  be  merry  with  us  with  a  fat 
Deare. 

The  eighteenth  day,  the  Werowance  of  Paspihae  came 
himselfe  to  our  quarter,  with  one  hundred  Savages  armed, 
which  garded  him  in  a  very  warlike  manner  with  Bowes 
and  Arrowes,   thinking  at   that   time   to   execute   their 
villany.     Paspihs  made  great  signes  to  us  to  lay  our 
Armes  away.     But  we  wo\ild  not  trust  him  so  far:  he 
seeing  he  could  not  have  convenient  time  to  worke  his 
will,  at  length  made  signes  that  he  would  give  us  as  much 
land  as  we  would  desire  to  take.     As  the  Savages  were  Land  given, 
in  a  throng  in  the  Fort,  one  of  them  stole  a  Hatchet  from  These  Savages 
one  of  our  company,  which  spied  him  doing  the  deed:   ^^^^^^^ 
whereupon  he  tooke  it  from  him  by  force,  and  also  strooke  ^^^     ^"' 
him  over  the  arme :  presently  another  Savage  seeing  that, 
came  fiercely  at  our  man  with  a  wooden  sword,  thinking 
to  beat  out  his  braines.     The  Werowance  of  Paspiha  saw 
us  take  to  our  Armes,  went  suddenly  away  with  all  his 
company  in  great  anger. 

The  nineteenth  day,  my  selfe  and  three  or  foure  more 
walking  into  the  Woods  by  chance  wee  espied  a  path-way 
like  to  an  Irish  pace :  wee  were  desirous  to  knowe  wfiither 
it  would  bring  us ;  wee  traced  along  some  foiu'e  miles,  all 
the  way  as  wee  went,  having  the  pleasantest  Suckles,  the 
ground  all  flowing  over  with  faire  flowers  of  sundry 
coloiu's  and  kindes,  as  though  it  had  beene  in  any  Garden 
or  Orchard  in  England.  There  be  many  Strawberries, 
and  other  fruits  unknowne :  wee  saw  the  Woods  full  of 
Cedar  and  Cypresse  trees,  with  other  trees,  which  issues 
out  sweet  Gummes  like  to  Balsam :  wee  kept  on  our  way 
in  this  Paradise,  at  length  wee  came  to  a  Savage  Towne, 
where  wee  found  but  few  people,  they  told  us  the  rest 
were  gone  a  hunting  with  the  Werowance  of  Paspiha :  we 
stayed  there  a  while,  and  had  of  them  Strawberries,  and 
other  things ;  in  the  meane  time  one  of  the  Savages  came 
running  out  of  his  house  with  a  Bowe  and  Arrowes  and 

413 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607, 

ratine  mainly  through  the  Woods:  then  I  beganne  to 
mistrust  some  villanie,  that  he  went  to  call  some  companie, 
and  so  betray  us,  wee  made  all  the  haste  away  wee  could: 
one  of  the  Savages  brought  us  on  the  way  to  the  Wood 
side,  where  there  was  a  Garden  of  Tobacco,  and  other 
fruits  and  herbes,  he  gathered  Tobacco,  and  distributed  to 
every  one  of  us,  so  wee  departed. 

The  twentieth  day  the  Werowance  of  Paspiha  sent 
fortie  of  his  men  with  a  Deere,  to  our  quarter :  but  they 
came  more  in  villanie  than  any  love  they  bare  us:  they 
feine  would  have  layne  in  our  Fort  all  night,  but  wee 
would  not  suffer  them  for  feare  of  their  treachery.  One 
of  our  Gentlemen  having  a  Target  which  hee  trusted  in, 
thinking  it  would  beare  out  a  ^ght  shot,  hee  set  it  up 
against  a  tree,  willing  one  of  the  Savages  to  shoot ;  who 
tooke  from  his  backe  an  Arrow  of  an  elle  long,  drew  it 
strongly  in  his  Bowe,  shoots  the  Target  a  foote  thorow, 
or  better :  which  was  strange,  being  that  a  PistoU  could 
not  pierce  it.  Wee  seeing  the  force  of  his  Bowe,  after- 
wards set  him  up  a  Steele  Target;  he  shot  again,  and 
burst  his  arrow  all  to  pieces,  he  presently  pulled  out 
another  Arrow,  and  .bit  it  in  his  teeth,  and  seemed  to  bee 
in  a  great  rage,  so  hee  went  away  in  great  anger.  Their 
Their  Bowes  are  made  of  tough  Hasell,  their  strings  of  Leather, 

arrotves.         their  Arrowes  of  Canes  or  Hasell,  headed  with  very  sharpc 
[IV.  ix.         stones,  and  are  made  artificially  like  a  broad  Arrow :  other 
■^89-]  some  of  their  Arrowes  are  headed  with  the  ends  of  Decres 
homes,  and  are  feathered  very  artificially.     Pasphia  was 
as  good  as  his  word ;  for  hee  sent  Venison,  but  the  Sawsc 
came  within  few  dayes  after. 

At  Port  Cotage  in  our  Voyage  up  the  River,  we  saw  a 

Savage  Bov  about  the  age  of  ten  yeeres,  which  had  a  head 

T^Uow  haired  of  haire  of^a  perfect  yellow  and  a  reasonable  white  skinne, 

trgfnum,       ^hich  is  a  Miracle  amongst  all  Savages. 

^ver  of  This  River  which  wee  have  discovered  is  one  of  the 

^  '"^**         famousest  Rivers  that  ever  was  found  by  any  Christian,  it 

ebbes  and  flowes  a  hundred  and  threescore  miles  where 

ships  of  great  biuthen  may  harbour  in  safetie.     Whcrc- 

414 


GEORGE  PERCY  ad. 

1607. 
soever  we  landed  upon  this  River,  wee  saw  the  goodliest 
Woods  as  Beech,  Oke,  Cedar,  Cypresse,  Wal-nuts,  Sassa- 
fras and  Vines  in  great  abundance,  which  hang  in  great 
clusters  on  many  Trees,  and  other  Trees  unknowne,  and 
all  the  grounds  bespred  with  many  sweet  and  delicate 
flowres  of  divers  colours  and  kindes.  There  are  also 
many  fruites  as  Strawberries,  Mulberries,  Rasberries  and 
Fruits  unknowne,  there  are  many  branches  of  this  River, 
which  runne  flowing  through  the  Woods  with  great 
plentie  of  fish  of  all  kindes,  as  for  Stiu^geon  all  the  World 
cannot  be  compared  to  it.  In  this  Countrey  I  have  seene 
many  great  and  l^ge  Medowes  *  having  excellent  good  *Low 
pasture  for  any  Cattle.  There  is  also  great  store  M^^^^'- 
of  Deere  both  Red  and  Fallow.  There  are  Beares, 
Foxes,  Otters,  Bevers,  Muskats,  and  wild  beasts 
unknowne. 

The  foure  and  twentieth  day  wee  set  up  a  Crosse  at  the 
head  of  this  River,  naming  it  Kings  River,  where  we 
proclaimed  James  King  of  England  to  have  the  most 
right  unto  it.     When  wee  had  ^nished  and  set  up  our 
Crosse,  we  shipt  our  men  and  made  for  James  Fort.     By  fFee  came 
the  way  wee  came  to  Pohatans  Towre  where  the  Captaine  ^^^  ^ 
went  on  shore  suffering  none  to  goe  with  him,  hee  pre-     ^^^' 
sented  the  Commander  of  this  place  with  a  Hatchet  which 
hee  tooke  joyfully,  and  was  well  pleased. 

But  yet  the  Savages  murmured  at  our  planting  in  the 
Countrie,  whereupon  this  Werowance  made  answere 
againe  very  wisely  of  a  Savage,  Why  should  you  bee 
offended  with  them  as  long  as  they  hurt  you  not,  nor  take 
any  thing  away  by  force,  they  take  but  a  litle  waste  ground, 
which  doth  you  nor  any  of"^  us  any  good. 

I  saw  Bread  made  by  their  women  which  doe  all  their 
drugerie.  The  men  takes  their  pleasure  in  hunting  and 
their  warres,  which  they  are  in  continually  one  Kingdome 
against  another.  The  manner  of  baking  of  bread  is  thus.  Bread  how 
after  they  pound  their  wheat  into  flowre  with  bote  water,  «*^- 
they  make  it  into  paste,  and  worke  it  into  round  balls 
and  Cakes,  then  they  put  it  into  a  pot  of  seething  water, 

415 


1607. 


Distinct  kabit 
•fMdds  and 
iV'wes. 


Savage  160. 
yeeres  old. 


Bearded. 


Cap, 

Newports 

departure. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

when  it  is  sod  throughly,  they  lay  it  on  a  smooth  stone, 
there  they  harden  it  as  well  as  in  an  Oven. 

There  is  notice  to  be  taken  to  know  married  women 
from  Maids,  the  Maids  you  shall  alwayes  see  the  fore  part 
of  their  head  and  sides  shaven  close,  the  hinder  part  very 
]ong,  which  they  tie  in  a  pleate  hanging  downe  to  their 
hips.  The  married  women  weares  their  haire  all  of  a 
length,  and  is  tied  of  that  fashion  that  the  Maids  are. 
The  women  kinde  in  this  Countrey  doth  pounce  and  race 
their  bodies,  legges,  thighes,  armes  and  faces  with  a  sharpe 
Iron,  which  makes  a  stampe  in  curious  knots,  and  drawes 
the  proportion  of  Fowles,  Fish,  or  Beasts,  then  with  paint- 
ings or  sundry  lively  colours,  they  rub  it  into  the  stampe 
which  will  never  be  taken  away,  because  it  is  dried  into 
the  flesh  where  it  is  sered. 

The  Savages  beare  their  yeeres  well,  for  when  wee  were 
at  Pamonkies,  wee  saw  a  Savage  by  their  report  was  above 
eight  score  yeeres  of  age.  Elis  eyes  were  sunke  into  his 
head,  having  never  a  tooth  in  his  mouth,  his  haire  all 
gray  with  a  reasonable  bigge  beard,  which  was  as  white 
as  any  snow.  It  is  a  Miracle  to  see  a  Savage  have  any 
haire  dn  their  faces,  I  never  saw,  read,  nor  heard,  any 
have  the  like  before.  This  Savage  was  as  lustie  and  went 
as  fast  as  any  of  us,  which  was  strange  to  behold. 

The  fifteenth  day  of  Jime,  we  had  built  and  finished  our 
Fort  which  was  triangle  wise,  having  three  Bulwarkes  at 
every  corner  like  a  hSfe  Moone,  and  foure  or  five  pieces 
of  Artillcrie  mounted  in  them  we  had  made  our  selves 
sufficiently  strong  for  these  Savages,  we  had  also  sowne 
most  of  our  Corne  on  two  Mountaines,  it  sprang  a  mans 
height  from  the  ground,  this  Countrey  is  a  truitmll  soile, 
bearing  many  goodly  and  fruitfuU  Trees,  as  Mixlberries, 
Cherries,  Wabuts,  Ceders,  Cypresse,  Sassafras,  and  Vines 
in  g;reat  abundance. 

Munday  the  two  and  twentieth  of  June,  in  the  morning 
Captaine  Newport  in  the  Admirall  departed  from  James 
Port  for  England. 

Captaine  Newport  being  gone  for  England,  leaving  us 

416 


GEORGE  PERCY  ad. 

1607. 
(one  hundred  and  foure  persons)  verie  bare  and  scantie  of 
victualls,  furthermore  in  warres  and  in  danger  of  the 
Savages.     We  hoped  after  a  supply  which  Captaine  New- 

Eort  promised  within  twentie  weekes.  But  if  the  . 
eginners  of  this  action  doe  carefully  further  us,  the 
Country  being  so  fruitfull,  it  would  be  as  great  a  profit 
to  the  Realme  of  England,  as  the  Indies  to  the  King  of 
Spaine,  if  this  River  which  wee  have  found  had  beene 
discovered  in  the  time  of  warre  with  Spaine,  it  would  have 
beene  a  commoditie  to  our  Realme,  and  a  great  annoyance 
to  our  enemies.  The  seven  and  twentieth  of  July  the 
King  of  Rapahanna,  demanded  a  Canoa  which  was 
restored,  lifted  up  his  hand  to  the  Simne,  which  they 
worship  as  their  God,  besides  he  kid  his  hand  on  his  heart,  [IV.  ix. 
that  he  would  be  our  spedall  friend.     It  is  a  generall  rule  1690.] 

of  these  people  when  they  swere  by  their  God  which  is 
the  Sunne,  no  Christian  will  keepe  their  Oath  better  upon 
this  promise.     These  people  have  a  great  reverence  to 
the  Sunne  above  all  other  things  at  the  rising  and  setting  The  Savaps 
of  the  same,  they  sit  downe  liftmff  up  their  hands  and  eyes  *^^  ^  sacrifice 
to  the  Sunne  making  a  round  Circle  on  the  ground  with  ^  "'' 

dried  Tobacco,  then  they  began  to  pray  making  many 
Devillish  gestures  with  a  Hellish  noise  foming  at  the 
mouth,  staring  with  their  eyes,  wagging  their  heads  and 
hands  in  such  a  fashion  and  deformitie  as  it  was  monstrous 
to  behold. 

The  sixt  of  August  there  died  John  Asbie  of  the  bloudie 
Fluxe.  The  ninth  day  died  George  Flowre  of  the  swell- 
ing. The  tenth  day  died  William  Bruster  Gentleman, 
of^a  wound  given  by  the  Savages,  and  was  buried  the 
eleventh  day. 

The  fourteenth  day,  Jerome  Alikock  Ancient,  died  of  a 
wound,  the  same  day  Francis  Midwinter,  Edward  Moris 
Corporall  died  suddenly. 

The  fifteenth  day,  there  died  Edward  Browne  and 
Stephen  Galthrope.  The  sixteenth  day,  there  died 
Thomas  Gower  Gentleman.  The  seventeenth  day,  there 
died  Thomas  Mounslic.     The  eighteenth  day,  there  died 

XVIII  417  2D 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

Robert  Pennington,  and  John  Martine  Gentleman.    The 

nineteenth  day,  died  Drue  Piggase  Gentleman.     The  two 

Death  of    and    twentieth    day    of   August,    there    died    Captaine 

Cap.  Bart.  Bartholomew   Gosnold   one   of   our   Councell,   he   was 

GostMld.      honourably  buried,  having  all  the  Ordnance  in  the  Fort 

shot  off  with  many  vollies  of  small  shot. 

After  Captaine  Gosnols  death,  the  Councell  could  hardly 
agree  by  the  dissention  of  Captaine  Kendall,  which  after- 
ward was  committed  about  hainous  matters  which  was 
proved  against  him. 

The  foure  and  twentieth  day,  died  Edward  Harington 
and  George  Walker,  and  were  buried  the  same  day.     The 
sixe  and  twentieth  day,  died  Kenelme  Throgmortine.    The 
seven  and  twentieth  day  died  William  Roods.     The  eight 
and  twentieth  day  died  Thomas  Stoodie,  Cape  Merchant. 
The  foiu-th   day   of   September  died  Thomas  Jacob 
Sergeant.     The  fift  day,  there  died  Benjamin  Beast.     Our 
men  were  destroyed  with  cruell  diseases  as  Swellings, 
Fluxes,  Burning  Fevers,  and  by  warres,  and  some  departed 
suddenly,  but  for  the  most  part  they  died  of  meere  famine. 
Miserable    There  were  never  Englishmen  left  in  a  forreigne  Countrey 
famtne.       j^^   ^^^j^   miserie  as  wee  were  in  this  new  discovered 
Virginia.     Wee  watched  every  three  nights  lying  on  the 
bare  cold  ground  what  weather  soever  came  warded  all  the 
next  day,  which  brought  our  men  to  bee  most  feeble 
wretches,  our  food  was  but  a  small  Can  of  Barlie  sod  in 
water  to  five  men  a  day,  oiu-  drinke  cold  water  taken  out 
of  the  River,  which  was  at  a  floud  verie  salt,  at  a  low 
tide  full  of  slime  and  filth,  which  was  the  destruction  of 
many  of  oiu-  men.     Thus  we  lived  for  the  space  of  five 
moneths  in  this  miserable  distresse,  not  having  five  able 
men  to  man  oxur  Bulwarkes  upon  any  occasion.     If  it 
had  not  pleased  God  to  have  put  a  terrour  in  the  Savages 
hearts,  we  had  all  perished  by  those  vild  and  cruell  Pagans, 
being  in  that  weake  estate  as  we  were ;  our  men  night  and 
day  groaning  in  every  corner  of  the  Fort  most  pittifull  to 
heare,  if  there  were  any  conscience  in  men,  it  would  make 
th^ir  harts  to  bleed  to  heare  the  pittiful  murmurings  & 

4j8 


GEORGE   PERCY 

out-cries  of  our  sick  men  without  reKefe  every  night  and 
day  for  the  space  of  sixe  weekes,  some  departing  out  of 
the  World,  many  times  three  or  fowe  in  a  night,  in  the 
morning  their  bodies  trailed  out  of  their  Cabines  like 
Dogges  to  be  buried :  in  this  sort  did  I  see  the  mortalitie 
of  divers  of  our  people. 

It  pleased  God,  after  a  while,  to  send  those  people  which 
were  oiu-  mortall  enemies  to  releeve  us  with  victuals,  as 
Bread,  Corne,  Fish,  and  Flesh  in  great  plentie,  which  was 
the  setting  up  of  oiu-  feeble  men,  otherwise  wee  had  all 
perished.  Also  we  were  frequented  by  divers  Kings  in 
the  Countrie,  bringing  us  store  of  provision  to  our  great 
comfort. 

The  eleventh  day,  there  was  certaine  Articles  laid 
against  Master  Winrfeld  which  was  then  President,  there- 
upon he  was  not  only  displaced  out  of  his  President  ship, 
but  also  from  being  of  the  Councell.  Afterwards  Captaine 
John  RatcIifFe  was  chosen  President. 

The  eighteenth  day,  died  one  Ellis  Kinistone  which  was 
starved  to  death  with  cold.  The  same  day  at  night,  died 
one  Richard  Simmons.  The  nineteenth  day,  there  died 
one  Thomas  Mouton. 

William  White  (having  lived  with  the  Natives)  reported 
to  us  of  their  customes  in  the  morning  by  breake  of  day, 
before  they  eate  or  drinke  both  men,  women  and  children, 
that  be  above  tenne  yeeres  of  age  runnes  into  the  water, 
there  washes  themselves  a  good  while  till  the  Sunne  riseth, 
then  offer  Sacrifice  to  it,  strewing  Tobacco  on  the  water 
or  Land,  honouring  the  Sunne  as  their  God,  likewise  they 
doe  at  the  setting  of  the  *  Sunne. 


A.D. 

1607. 


Gods 
goodnesse. 


He  was  a 
node  nan» 

*The  rest  is 
omtttedj  being 
morefidly  set 
dottme  in 
Cap.  Smiths 
Relations, 


[Chap.  III. 


419 


A.D. 

1607. 


[IV. 


I69I.] 


The  Latitude. 
*By  later 
Patents  this  is 
extended 
further  to  the 
30.  degrees, 
I3c. 


The 
temperature. 


The  winds. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Chap.  III. 

The   description    of  Virginia    by   Captaine  John 
Smith,  inlarged  out  of  his  written  Notes. 

Irginia  is  a  Countrie  in  America,  that  lieth 
betweene  the  degrees  of  34.*  and  44.  of 
the  North  Latitude.  The  bounds  thereof 
on  the  East  side  are  the  great  Ocean.  On 
the  South  lieth  Florida:  on  the  North 
Nova  Francia.  As  for  the  West  thereof, 
the  limits  are  unknowne.  Of  all  this 
Countrie  we  purpose  not  to  speake,  but  only  of  that  part 
which  was  planted  by  the  Englishmen  in  the  yeere  of  our 
Lord,  1606.  And  this  is  under  the  degrees  37.  38.  and 
39.  The  temperature  of  this  Countrie  doth  agree  wcl 
with  English  constitutions  being  once  seasoned  to  the 
Countrie.  Which  appeared  by  this,  that  though  by  many 
occasions  our  people  fell  sicke :  yet  did  they  recover  by 
verie  small  meanes  and  continued  in  health,  though  there 
were  other  great  causes,  not  only  to  have  made  them  sicke, 
but  even  to  end  their  dayes,  &c. 

The  Summer  is  hot  as  in  Spaine ;  the  Winter  cold  as 
in  France  or  England.  The  heate  of  Sununer  is  in  June, 
July,  and  August,  but  commonly  the  coole  Breeses  asswagc 
the  vehemencie  of  the  heate.  The  chiefe  of  Winter  is 
halfe  December,  January,  February,  and  halfe  March. 
The  cold  is  extreme  sharpe,  but  heere  the  Proverbe  is 
true.  That  no  extreme  continueth  long.  In  the  yeerc 
1607.  was  an  extraordinary  Frost  in  most  of  Europe,  and 
this  Frost  was  found  as  extreme  in  Virginia.  But  the 
next  yeere  for  eight  or  ten  daies  of  ill  weather,  other 
fourteene  daies  would  be  as  Sununer. 

The  winds  here  are  variable,  but  the  like  Thunder  and 
Lightning  to  purifie  the  Aire,  I  have  seldome  either  seene 
or  heard  in  E\u-ope.  From  the  South-west  came  the 
greatest  gusts  with  Thunder  and  heate.  The  North-west 
winde  is  commonly  coole,  and  bringeth  faire  weather  with 

420 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

it.  From  the  North  is  the  greatest  cold,  and  from  the 
East  and  South-east  as  from  the  Barmadas,  fogges  and 
raines. 

Sometimes  there  are  great  droughts  other  times  much 
raine,  yet  great  necessitie  of  neither,  by  reason  we  see  not, 
but  that  afl  the  varietie  of  needful!  Fruits  in  Eiu-ope  may 
bee  there  in  great  plentie  by  the  industry  of  men,  as 
appeareth  by  those  we  there  planted. 

There  is  but  one  entrance  by  Sea  into  this  Countrey,  Theentranct 
and  that  is  at  the  mouth  of  a  verie  goodly  Bay,  the 
widenesse  whereof  is  neere  eighteene  or  twentie  miles. 
The  Cape  on  the  South  side  is  called  Cape  Henrie,  in  Cape  Henry, 
honour  of  oxur  most  Noble  Prince.  The  shew  of  the 
Land  there  is  a  white  Hilly  Sand  like  unto  the 
Downes,  and  along  the  shoares  great  plentie  of  Pines 
and  Firres. 

The  North  Cape,  is  called  Cape  Charles,  in  honour  of 
the  worthy  Duke  of  Yorke.  The  lies  before  it  are  named 
Smiths  lies,  because  he  first  of  ours  set  foot  on  them. 
Within  is  a  Countrey  that  may  have  the  prerogative  over 
the  most  pleasant  places  of  Europe,  Asia,  Africa,  or 
America,  for  large  and  pleasant  navigable  Rivers,  Heaven 
and  Earth  never  agreed  better  to  fi^me  a  place  for  mans 
habitation  being;  of  our  constitution,  were  it  fully 
mannured  and  inhabited  by  industrious  people.  Here 
are  Mountaynes,  Hils,  Plaines,  Vallies,  Rivers  and  The  Country 
Brookes,  all  running  most  pleasandy  into  a  faire  Bay 
compassed  but  for  the  mouth  with  fruitful  &  delightsome 
Land.  In  the  Bay  and  Rivers  are  many  lies  both  great 
and  small,  some  woodie,  some  plaine,  most  of  them  low 
and  not  inhabited.  This  Bay  lieth  North  and  South,  in  The  Bay, 
which  the  water  floweth  neere  two  hundred  miles,  and 
hath  a  Channell  for  one  hundred  and  fortie  miles,  of 
depth  betwixt  seven  and  fifteene  fadome,  holding  in 
breadth  for  the  most  part  ten  or  fburteene  miles.  From 
the  head  of  the  Bay  at  the  North,  the  Land  is  moun- 
tainous, and  so  in  a  manner  from  thence  by  a  South-west 
Line ;  So  that  the  more  Southward,  the  farther  off  from 

421 


Cape  Charles. 
Cap.  Smith. 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

the  Bay  are  those  Mountaines.  From  which  fall  certaine 
Brookes  which  after  come  to  five  principall  Navigable 
Rivers.  These  runne  from  the  North-west  into  the 
South-east,  and  so  into  the  West  side  of  the  Bay,  where 
the  fall  of  every  River  is  within  twentie  or  fifteene  miles 
one  of  another. 

The  The  Mountaines  are  of  divers  natures,  for  at  the  head 

Mountaines.  ^f  ^^  ^^y  ^^  Rockes  are  of  a  composition  like  Mil- 
stones.  Some  of  Marble,  &c.  And  many  pieces  of 
Christall  we  found  as  throwne  downe  by  water  firom  the 
Mountaines.  For  in  Winter  these  Mountaines  are 
covered  with  much  Snow,  and  when  it  dissolveth  the 
waters  fall  with  such  violence,  that  it  causeth  great 
inundations  in  the  narrow  Vallies,  which  yet  is  scarce 
perceived  being  once  in  the  Rivers.  These  waters  wash 
from  the  Rockes  such  glistering  tinctures  that  the  ^ound 
in  some  places  seemeth  as  gilded,  where  both  the  Rockes 
and  the  Earth  are  so  splendent  to  behold,  that  better 
judgements  then  ours  mi^ht  have  beene  perswaded,  they 
contained  more  then  probabilities.  The  vesture  of  the 
Earth  in  most  places  doth  manifestly  prove  the  nature 

The  soile.  ^f  ^j^^  soile  to  oe  lustie  and  very  rich.  The  colour  of 
the  Earth  we  found  in  divers  places,  resembleth  Bole 
Armoniac,  terra  sigillata  and  lemnia.  Fullers  Earth, 
Marie,  and  divers  otner  such  appearances.  But  generally 
for  the  most  part  the  Earth  is  a  blacke  sandie  mould,  in 
some  places  a  fat  slimie  clay,  in  other  places  a  very  barren 

[IV.  ix.         gravell.     But  the  best  ground  is  knowne  by  the  vesture 
^^9*0  It  beareth,  as  by  the  greatnesse  of  Trees  or  abundance 
of  Weeds,  &c. 

The  Coimtrie  is  not  mountainous  nor  yet  low,  but  such 

The  Falftes.  pleasant  plaine  Hils  and  fertile  Vallies,  one  pretily 
crossing  another,  and  watered  so  conveniently  with  their 
sweete  Brookes  and  Christall  Springs,  as  if  Art  it  selfe 
had  devised  them.  By  the  Rivers  are  many  plaine 
Marishes  contayning  some  twentie,  some  one  hundred, 
some  two  hundred  Acres,  some  more,  some  lesse.     Other 

Plaines.  Plaines  there  are  few,  but  only  where  the  Savages  inhabit  ; 

4a  a 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1607. 

but  all  over-grownc  with  Trees  and  Weeds,  being  a  plaine 
Wildernesse  as  God  first  made  it« 

On  the  West  side  of  the  Bzjy  we  said  were  five  fiiire 
and  delightflxll  navigable  Rivers>  of  which  we  will  now 
proceed  to  report.  The  first  of  those  Rivers  and  the 
next  to  the  mouth  of  the  Bay  hath  his  course  from  the 
West  and  by  North.  The  name  of  this  River  they  call 
Powhatan  according  to  the  name  of  a  principall  Countrie  TAe  River 
that  lieth  upon  it.  The  mouth  of  this  River  is  neere  Po^^f^- 
three  miles  in  breadth,  yet  doe  the  shoales  force  the 
Channell  so  neere  the  Land  that  a  Sacre  will  over-shoot 
it  at  Point  blanke.  This  River  is  navigable  one  hundred 
and  fiftie  miles  as  the  Channell  goeth;  the  shoales  and 
soimdings  are  heere  needlesse  to  be  expressed.  It 
falleth  from  Rockes  ferre  West  in  a  Countrie  inhabited  Fals. 
by  a  Nation  that  they  call  Monacan.  But  where  it 
commeth  into  our  Discoverie  it  is  Powhatan.  In  the 
farthest  place  that  was  diligently  observed,  are  Falles, 
Rockes,  Shoales,  &c.  which  makes  it  past  navigation  any 
higher.  Thence  in  the  running  downeward,  the  River 
is  enriched  with  many  goodly  Brookes,  which  are  main-  TAe  branches. 
tained  by  an  infinite  number  of  small  Rundles  and 
pleasant  Springs  that  disperse  themselves  for  best  service, 
as  doe  the  veines  of  a  mans  bodie.  From  the  South  there 
fals  into  this  River;  First;  the  pleasant  River  of 
Apamatuck :  next  more  to  the  East  are  the  two  Rivers 
of^  Quiyoughcohanocke.  A  little  farther  is  a  Bay  wherein 
falleth  three  or  foure  pretie  Brookes  and  Creekes  that 
halfe  intrench  the  Inhabitants  of  Warraskoyac :  then  the 
River  of  Nandsamund,  and  lastly,  the  Brooke  of 
Chisaptack.  From  the  North  side  is  the  River  of  Chicka- 
hamania,  the  backe  River  of  James  Townes;  another 
by  the  Cedar  He,  where  we  lived  ten  weekes  upon  Oisters, 
then  a  convenient  Harbour  for  fisher-boats  or  small  Boats 
at  Kecoughtan,  that  so  conveniently  turneth  it  selfe  into 
Bayes  and  Creekes  that  make  that  place  very  pleasant  to 
inhabit,  their  Corne  fields  being  girded  therein  in  a 
manner  as  Peninsulaes.     The  most  of  these  Rivers  are    • 

423 


A.t>.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607, 

inhabited  by  severall  Nations,  or  rather  Families,  of  the 
name  of  the  Rivers.  They  have  also  in  every  of  those 
places  some  Governour,  as  their  Kin^,  which  they  call 
Werowances.  In  a  Peninsula  on  the  North  side  of  this 
River  are  the  English  planted  in  a  place  by  them  called 

JamesTotont.  James  Towne,  in  honour  of  the  Kings  most  excellent 
Majestie,  upon  which  side  are  also  many  places  under  the 
Werowances. 

The  first  and  next  the  Rivers  mouth  are  the  Cecough- 

ThisevercU    tans,  who  besides  their  women  and  children,  have  not 

Inhabitants,  past  twentie  fighting  men.  The  Paspaheges  on  whose 
Land  is  seated  the  English  Colonie,  some  fortie  miles 
from  the  Bay  have  not  past  fortie.  The  River  called 
Chickahamania  neere  two  hundred.  The  Weanocks  one 
hundred.  The  Arrowhatocks  thirtie.  The  place  called 
Powhatan,  some  fortie.  On  the  South  side  this  River 
the  Appamatucks  have  sixtie  fighting  men.  The 
Quiyougcohanocks,  five  and  twentie.  The  Wamis- 
koyacks  fortie.  The  Nandsamunds  two  hundred.  The 
Chesapeacks  are  able  to  make  one  hundred.  Of  this 
last  place  the  Bay  beareth  the  name.     In  all  these  places 

Free  State.  is  a  severall  G^mmander,  which  they  call  Werowancc 
except  the  Chickhamanians,  who  are  governed  by  the 
Priests  and  their  Assistants  of  their  Elders  called  Giw- 
cawwassoughes.  In  Summer  no  place  afi^oordeth  more 
plentie  of  Sturgeon,  nor  in  Winter  more  abundance  of 
Fowle,  especially  in  the  time  of  Frost.  There  was  once 
taken  fiftie  two  Sturgeons  at  a  draught,  at  another  draught 
sixtie  eight.  From  the  latter  end  of  May  till  the  end 
of  June  are  taken  but  young  Sturgeons  of  two  foot  or 
a  yard  long:  From  thence  till  the  midst  of  September, 
of  two  or  three  yards  long  and  few  others.  And  in 
foure  or  five  houres  with  one  Net  were  ordinarily  taken 
seven  or  eight :  often  more,  seldome  lesse.  In  the  small 
Rivers  all  the  yeere  there  is  good  plentie  of  small  fish, 
so  that  with  Hookes  those  that  would  take  paines  had 
sufficient. 

R.  Pamaunkc.      Fourteene  miles  Northward  fi"om  the  River  Powhatan ; 

434 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

k  the  River  Pamaunke,  which  is  navigable  sixtie  miles, 

but  with  Catches  and  small  Barkes,  twentie  or  thirtie 

miles  farther.     At  the  ordinary  flowing  of  salt  water,  it 

divideth  it  selfe  into  two  gallant  branches.      On  the 

South  inhabit  the  people  of  Youghtanund,  who  have  The 

about  sixtie  men   for  warres.      On   the  North  branch  Inhabitants. 

Mattapament,  who  have  thirtie  men.     Where  this  River 

is   divided,   the   Coimtrie   is   called   Panamaunke,   and 

nourisheth  neere  three  hundred  able  men.     About  five 

and  twentie  miles  lower  on  the  North  side  of  this  River 

is  Werawocomoco,  where  their  great  King  inhabited  when  k.  Pohatan. 

Captaine  Smith  was  delivered  him  prisoner;    yet  there 

are  not  past  fortie  able  men.     But  now  he  hath  abandoned 

that,  and  liveth  at  Orapakes  by  Youghtanund  in  the 

Wildemesse ;  tenne  or  twelve  miles  lower ;  on  the  South 

side  of  this  River  is  Chiskiack,  which  hath  some  fortie 

or  fiftie  men.     These,  as  also  Apamatuck  Irrohatocke, 

and  Powhatan,  are  their  great  Kings  chiefe  Alliance  and 

Inhabitance.     The  rest  (as  they  report)  his  Conquests. 

Before  we  come  to  tne  third  River  that  falleth  from 
the  Mountaines,  there  is  another  River  (some  thirtie 
miles  navigable^  that  commeth  from  the  In-land,   the 
River  is  ouled  Payankatanke,  the  Inhabitants  are  about  Payankatank 
some  fortie  serviceable  men.  ^• 

The   third   navigable   River   is   called   Toppahanock.  [IV.  ix. 
(This  is  navigable  some  one  hundred  and  thirtie  miles.)  i^93] 

At  the  top  of  it  inhabit  the  people  called  Mannahoackes  '^^/^^^^^ 
amongst  the  Mountaines,  but  they  are  above  the  place 
we  describe.     Upon  this  River  on  the  North  side  are 
seated  a  people  csilled  Cuttatowomen,  with  thirtie  fighting  The 
men.     Higher  on  the  River  are  the  Moraughtacunds,  Inhabitants. 
with  eightie  able  men.     Beyond  them  Toppahanocke  with 
one  hundred  men.     Farre  above  is  another  Cuttatawomen 
with  twentie  men.     On  the  South,  farre  within  the  River 
is  Nautaughtacund  having  one  hundred  and  fiftie  men. 
This  River  also  as  the  two  former,  is  replenished  with 
fish  and  fowle.  Patammeke 

The  fourth  River  is  called  Patawomeke,  and  is  sixe  R. 

4^5 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

or  seven  miles  in  breadth.     It  is  navigable  one  hundred 
and  fortie  miles,  and  fed  as  the  rest  with  many  sweet 
Rivers  and  Springs,  which  fall  from  the  bordering  Hils. 
These  Hils  man^  of  them  are  planted,  and  yeeld  no  lesse 
plentie  and  varietie  of  fioiit  then  the  River  exceedeth 
with  abundance  of  fish.     This  River  is  inhabited  on  both 
sides.     First  on  the  South  side  at  the  very  entrance  is 
Wighcocomoco,  and  hath  some  one  hundred  and  thirtie 
men,    beyond    them    Sekacawone    with    thirtie.      The 
Onawmanient  with  one  hundred.     Then  Patawomeke 
with  one  hundred  and  sixtie  able  men.     Here  doth  the 
River  divide  it  selfe  in  to  three  or  foure  convenient 
Rivers;    The  greatest  of  the  least  is  called  C2uiyough, 
trendeth  North-west,  but  the  River  it  selfe  turneth  North- 
east, and  is  still  a  navi^ble  streame.     On  the  Westerne 
side  of  this  bought  is  Tauxenent,  with  fortie  men.     On 
the  North  of  this  River  is  Secowocomoco  with  fortie 
men.     Some  what  further  Potapaco  with  twentie.     In  the 
East  part  of  the  bought  of  the  River,  is  Panuu:acack 
with  sixtie  men ;  After  Moyowances  with  one  hundred 
And  lastly,  Nacotchtanke  with  eightie  able  men.     The 
River  tenne  miles  above  this  place  maketh  his  passage 
downe   a   low   pleasant   Vally  over-shadowed  in   many 
places  with  high  Rockie  Mountaines ;  from  whence  distill 
mnumerable  sweet  and  pleasant  Springs. 
PatotuxmtR,       The  fift  River  is  called  Pawtuxunt,  and  is  of  a  lessc 
proportion  then  the  rest;    but  the  channell  is  sixteene 
or  eighteene  fadome  deepe  in  some  places.     Here  are 
infinite  skuls  of  divers  kinds  of  fish  more  then  elsewhere. 
Upon  this  River  dwell  the  people  called  Acquintanack- 
suak,  Pawtuxunt  and  Mattapanient.     Two  hundred  men 
was  the  greatest  strength  tl^t  could  be  there  perceived. 
But  they  inhabit  together,  and  not  so  dispersed  as  the 
rest.     These  of  all  other  were  found  the  most  civill  to 
give  entertainment. 
Bolus  R,  Thirtie  leagues  Northward  is  a  River  not  inhabited, 

7"he  head  of    y^t  navigable ;  for  the  red  Earth  or  Clay  resembling  Bole 
the  Bay.         Armoniack,  the  English  called  it  Bolus.     At  the  end  of 

426 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  ad, 

1607, 

the  Bay  where  it  is  sixe  or  seven  miles  in  breadth,  there 
fall  into  it  foure  small  Rivers,  three  of  them  issuing  from 
divers  bogges  invironed  with  high  Mountaines.  There 
is  one  that  commeth  due  North  three  or  foure  dayes 
journey  from  the  head  of  the  Bay,  and  fals  from  Rockes 
and  Mountaines,  upon  this  River  inhabit  a  people  called 
Sasquesahanocke.  They  are  seated  two  dayes  higher  Sasquaaha- 
then  was  passage  for  the  Discoverers  Barge,  which  was  ^^^ 
hardly  two  tunnes,  and  had  in  it  but  twelve  men  to 
perfbrme  this  Discovery,  wherein  they  lay  above  the 
space  of  twelve  weekes  upon  those  great  waters  in  those 
unknowne  Countries,  having  nothing  but  a  little  Meale 
or  Oat^meale  and  water  to  feed  them;  and  scarce  halfe 
sufficient  of  that  for  halfe  that  time,  but  that  by  the 
Savages,  and  by  the  plenty  of  fish  they  found  in  all  places, 
they  made  themselves  provision  as  opportunity  served; 
yet  had  they  not  a  Mariner  or  any  that  had  skill  to  trimme 
their  Sayles,  use  their  Oares,  or  any  businesse  belonging 
to  the  Bargee,  but  two  or  three.  The  rest  being  Gentle- 
men, or  as  Ignorant  in  such  toyle  and  labour,  yet  necessitie 
in  a  short  time  by  their  Captaines  diligence  and  example, 
taught  them  to  become  so  perfect,  that  what  they  did  by 
such  small  meanes,  I  leave  to  the  censure  of  the  Reader 
to  judge  by  this  Discourse  and  the  annexed  Map.  But 
to  proceed,  sixtie  of  those  Sasquesahanocks,  came  to  the 
Discoverers  with  Skinnes,  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Targets, 
Beades,  Swords  and  Tobacco-pipes  for  Presents.  Such 
great  and  well  proportioned  men,  are  seldome  seene,  for 
the^  seemed  like  Giants  to  the  English,  yea,  and  to  the  GUntiy 
Neighbours,  yet  seemed  of  an  honest  and  simple  dis-  A^^- 

B>sition,  with  much  adoe  restrained  from  adonng  the 
iscoverers  as  Gods.     Those  are  the  most  strange  people 
of  aU  those  Countries,  both  in  Language  and  Attire ;  for 
their  Language  it  may  well  beseeme  their  proportions, 
sounding  fcrom  them,  as  it  were  a  great  voyce  in  a  Vault,  ^^  desmp- 
or  Cave,  as  an  Eccho.     Their  Attire  is  the  Skinnes  of  5^^^^. 
Beares,  and  Woolves,  some  have  Cassacks  made  of  Beares  jutugh.  Seetii 
heads  and  Skinnes  that  a  mans  necke  goes  through  the  Map. 

427 


A.D. 

1607. 


Long  Spoone  to 
eate  with  thi 
Dev'ilL 


[IV.  ix. 


1694.] 


Tockwegk  R. 


Rapahanock 
R. 

Ruskara- 
waock  R, 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Skiimes  necke,  and  the  Earcs  of  the  Beare  fastned  to  his 
shoulders  behind,  the  Nose  and  Teeth  hanging  downe 
his  breast,  and  at  the  end  of  the  Nose  hung  a  Scares 
Pawe,  the  halfe  sleeves  comming  to  the  elbowes  were 
the  neckes  of  the  Beares  and  the  armes  through  the  mouth 
with  pawes  hanging  at  their  Noses.  One  had  the  head 
of  a  Woolfe  hanging  in  a  Chaine  for  a  Jewell  his  Tobacco- 
pipe  three  quarters  of  a  yard  long,  prettily  carved  with 
a  Bird,  a  Beare,  a  Deere,  or  some  such  device  at  the  great 
end,  sufficient  to  beate  out  the  braines  of  a  man,  with 
Bowes,  and  Arrowes,  and  Clubs  sutable  to  their  greatncsse 
and  conditions.  These  are  scarce  knowne  to  rowfaatan. 
They  can  make  neere  sixe  hundred  able  and  mightie  men, 
and  are  pallisadoed  in  their  Townes  to  defend  them  from 
the  Massawomekes  their  mortall  enemies.  Five  of  their 
chiefe  Werowances  came  aboord  the  Discoverers,  and 
crossed  the  Bay  in  their  Barge. 

The  Picture  of  the  greatest  of  them  is  signified  in  the 
Mappe.  The  calfe  of  whose  legge  was  three  quarters 
of  a  yard  about,  and  all  the  rest  of  his  limbes  so  answer- 
able to  that  proportion,  that  hee  seemed  the  goodliest 
man  that  ever  wee  beheld.  His  haire,  the  one  side  was 
long,  the  other  shorne  close  with  a  ridge  over  his  crowne 
like  a  Cockes  Combe.  His  Arrowes  were  five  quarters 
long,  headed  with  flints  or  spinters  of  stones,  in  forme 
like  a  Heart,  an  inch  broad,  and  an  inch  and  a  halfe  or 
more  long.  These  hee  wore  in  a  Woolves  Skinne  at 
his  backe  for  his  Quiver,  his  Bow  in  the  one  hand  and 
his  Clubbe  in  the  other,  as  is  described. 

On  the  East  side  the  Bay,  is  the  River  of  Tockwhogh, 
and  upon  it  a  people  that  can  make  one  hundred  men, 
seated  some  seven  miles  within  the  River:  where  they 
have  a  Fort  very  weU  pallisadoed  and  mantelled  with  the 
Barke  of  Trees.  Next  to  them  is  Ozinies  with  sixtie 
men.  More  to  the  South  of  that  East  side  of  the  Bay, 
the  River  of  Rapahanock,  neere  unto  which  is  the  River 
of  Ruskarawaock.  Upon  which  is  seated  a  people  with 
two  hundred  men.    After  that  is  the  River  of  Taots 

488 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

Wighcocomoco,  and  on  it  a  people  with  one  hundred  JVighcwomoco 

men.     The  people  of  those  Rivers  are  of  little  stature,  ^• 

of  another  Language  from  the  rest,  and  very  rude.     But 

they  on  the  River  of  Acohanock  with  fortie  men,  and  Accomack  R, 

they  of  Accomack  eighty  men  do  equalize  any  of  the 

Territories  of  Powhatan  and  speake  his  Language,  who 

over  all  those  doth  rule  as  King. 

Southward  they  went  to  some  parts  of  Chawonock  and  Ckamnock, 
the  Mangoa^s  to  search  for  the  men  there  left  by  Sir 
Walter  Kaleigh;  for  those  parts  to  the  Towne  of 
Chisapeack  have  formerly  beene  discovered  by  Master 
Hariots  and  Sir  Ralph  Lane.  Amongst  those  people  are 
thus  many  severall  Nations  of  suncky  Languages,  that  Tkeseverall 
environ  Powhatans  Territories.  The  Chawonodces,  the  Limguages. 
Mangoags,  the  Monacans,  the  Mannahokes,  the  Masa- 
womekes,  the  Powhatans,  the  Sasquesahanocks,  the 
Atquanachukes,  the  Tockwoghes,  and  the  Kuscarawaokes. 
Of  all  those  not  any  one  understandeth  another  but  by 
Interpreters.  Their  severall  Habitations  are  more  plainly 
described  by  this  annexed  Mappe,  which  will  present 
to  the  eye,  the  way  of  the  Mountaines  and  current  of 
the  Rivers,  with  their  severall  Tvirnings,  Bayes,  Shoales, 
lies,  Inlets,  and  Creekes,  the  breadth  of  the  waters,  the 
distances  of  places  and  such  like.  In  which  Map  observe 
this,  that  as  farre  as  you  see  the  little  Crosses  on  Rivers, 
Mountaines,  or  other  places  have  beene  discovered ;  the 
rest  was  had  by  information  of  the  Savages,  and  are  set 
downe,  according  to  their  instructions. 

Of  such  things  which  are  naturall  in  Virginia, 
and  how  they  use  them. 

Virginia  doth  afFoord  many  excellent  vegitables  and  fFhj  there  is 
Kving  creatures,  yet  grasse  there  is  little  or  none,  but  littu  grasse. 
what  groweth  in  low  Marishes :    for  all  the  Countrey  is 
overgrowne   with   Trees,    whose    droppings   continually 
turne  their  grasse  to  weedes,  by  reason  of  the  ranknesse 
of  the  ground  which  would  soone  be  amended  by  good  floods  m/k 
husbandry.     The  wood  that  is  most  common  is  Oke  and  their fi-uiu, 

429 


A.D. 

1607. 


Elme. 


fFabiuts. 
Supposed 
Cypresse. 


M$tlheries. 


Chesnuts. 


Plummes, 


Cheries. 
Crabs. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Walnut;  many  of  their  Okes  are  so  tall  and  straight, 
that  they  will  beare  two  foote  and  a  halfe  square  of  good 
Timber  for  twenty  yards  long;  Of  this  wood  there  is 
two  or  three  several!  kinds.  The  Acornes  of  one  kind, 
whose  barke  is  more  white  then  the  other,  are  somewhat 
sweetish,  which  being  boyled  halfe  a  day  in  severall 
waters,  at  last  afFoord  a  sweete  Oyle,  which  they  keep 
in  Goards  to  annoint  their  heads  &  joynts.  The  fruit 
they  eate  made  in  bread  or  otherwise.  There  is  also 
some  Elme,  some  blacke  Wal-nut  tree,  and  some  Ash: 
of  Ash  and  Elme  they  make  Sope-ashes.  If  the  trees 
be  very  great,  the  ashes  will  be  good,  and  melt  to  hard 
lumps,  but  if  they  be  small,  it  will  be  but  powder,  and 
not  so  good  as  the  other.  Of  Walnuts  there  is  two  or 
three  kinds ;  there  is  a  kind  of  wood  we  called  Cypressc, 
because  both  the  wood,  the  fruit,  and  leafe  did  most 
resemble  it,  and  of  those  trees  there  are  some  neere  three 
fadome  about  the  Roote  very  straight,  and  fifty,  sixty, 
or  eighty  foot  without  a  branch.  By  the  dwelling  of  the 
Savages  are  some  great  Mulberie  trees,  and  in  some  parts 
of  the  Countrey,  they  are  found  growing  naturaUy  in 
pretie  Groves.  There  was  an  assay  made  to  make  silkc, 
and  surely  the  Wormes  prospered  excellent  well,  till  the 
Master  workman  fel  sick.  During  which  time  they  were 
eaten  with  Rats. 

In  some  parts  were  found  some  Chesnuts  whose  wild 
fruit  equalize  the  best  in  France,  Spaine,  Germany,  or 
Italy,  to  their  tasts  that  had  tasted  them  all.  Plunmies 
there  are  of  three  sorts.  The  red  and  white  are  like  our 
hedge  Plummes,  but  the  other  which  thev  call  Putcha- 
mins,  grow  as  high  as  Palmeta :  the  fruit  is  like  a  Medler ; 
it  is  first  greene  then  yellow,  and  red  when  it  is  ripe ;  if 
it  be  not  ripe  it  will  draw  a  mans  mouth  awrie,  with  much 
torment,  but  when  it  is  ripe,  it  is  as  delicious  as  an 
Apricock. 

They  have  Cherries,  and  those  are  much  like  a  Damson, 
but  for  their  tastes  and  colour  we  called  them  Cherries. 
Wee  saw  some  few  Crabbes,  but  very  small  and  bitter. 

430 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1607. 

Of  Vines  grezt  abundance  in  many  parts  dimbe  the  tops  f^ina. 
of  the  highest  trees  in  some  places ;  but  these  beare  but 
few  Grapes.  But  by  the  Rivers  and  Savage  habitations 
where  they  are  not  overshadowed  from  the  Sunne,  they 
are  covered  with  fruit,  though  never  pruned  nor  manured. 
Of  those  hedge  Grapes  wee  made  neere  twenty  gallons 
of  Wine,  whicn  was  neere  as  good  as  your  French  Brittish 
Wine :  but  certainly  they  would  prove  good,  were  they 
well  manvired.  There  is  another  sort  of  Grape,  neere  as 
great  as  a  Cherrie,  this  they  call  Messaminnes,  they  be 
rat,  and  the  juyce  thicke.  Neither  doth  the  taste  so  well  [IV.  ix. 
please  when  they  are  made  in  Wine.     They  have  a  small  ^^95-] 

fruit  growing  on  little  trees,  husked  like  a  Chesnut,  but 
the  fruit  most  like  a  very  small  Acorne:    this  they  call 
Chechinquamins,   which   they  esteeme  a  great  daintie.  Cheehinqua- 
They  have  a  berrie  much  like  our  Gooseberrie,  in  great-  **'*'• 
nesse,  colour,  and  taste;    those  they  call  Rawcomenes,  Ratocomenes. 
and  doe  eate  them  raw  or  boyled.     Of  these  naturall 
fruits  they  live  a  g*eat  part  of  the  yeere,  which  they  use 
in  this  manner.     The  Walnuts,  Chestnuts,  Acomes,  and 
Chechinquamins,  are  dried  to  keepe.     When  they  need  How  they  use 
them  they  breake  them  betweene  two  stones,  yet  some  ^''^i^- 
part  of  the  Walnut  shels  will  cleave  to  the  fruit.     Then 
doe  they  drie  them  againe  upon  a  Mat  over  a  Hurdle. 
After  they  put  it  in  a  Morter  of  wood,  and  beate  it  very 
small :    that  done  they  mixe  it  with  water,  that  the  shels 
may  sinke  to  the  bottome.     This  water  will  be  coloured 
as  milke,  which  thtj  call  Pawcohiscora,  and  keepe  it  for  fVahutmilke. 
their  use.     The  fruit  like  Medlers  they  call  Putchamins, 
they  cast  upon  Hurdles  on  a  Mat,  and  preserve  them 
as   Pruines.      Of   their  Chesnuts   and   Cnechinquamins 
boyled  foure  houres,  they  make  both  Broth  ana  Bread 
for  their  chiefe  men,  or  at  their  greatest  feasts.     Besides 
those  fruit  trees,  there  is  a  white  Populer,  and  another 
tree  like  unto  it,  that  yeeldeth  a  very  cleare  and  an 
odoriferous  Gimune  like  Turpentine,  which  some  called  Gums. 
Balsam.     There  are  also  Cedars  and  Saxafras  tree.     They  C^^rs, 
also  yeeld  Gummes  in  a  small  proportion  of  themselves,  ^^^fi^^^^^^^ 

43J 


A.D. 

1607. 


Berries. 


Mattoume. 


Stratvherries^ 
and^ther 
berries, 
Herbes. 


fVighsacan  a 

medicinabie 

root. 

Pocones  asmaii 
root. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Wee  tried  conclusions  to  extract  it  out  of  the  wood,  but 
nature  aiFoorded  more  than  our  arts. 

In  the  watery  Valleyes  groweth  a  Berrie,  which  they 
call  Ocoughtanamnis,  very  much  like  unto  Capers.  These 
they  dry  in  Simimer.  When  they  will  eate  them,  they 
boyle  them  neere  halfe  a  day;  for  otherwise  they  diflFcr 
not  much  from  poison.  Mattoume  groweth  as  our  Bents 
doe  in  medowes:  the  seed  is  not  much  unlike  to  Rie, 
though  much  smaller :  this  they  use  for  a  dainty  Bread 
buttered  with  Deeres  Suet. 

During  Summer  there  are  either  Strawberries  which 
doe  ripen  in  Aprill ;  or  Mulberries  which  ripen  in  May 
and  June :  Raspises,  Hurtes,  or  a  fruit  that  the  Inhabi- 
tants call  Muracocks,  which  is  a  pleasant  wholsome  fruit, 
much  like  a  Limond.  Many  Herbes  in  the  Spring  time 
there  are  commonly  dispersed  throughout  the  Woods, 
good  for  Broths  and  Sallets,  as  Violets,  Purslane,  Sorrell, 
Kc.     Besides  many  wee  used  whose  names  we  know  not. 

The  chiefe  root  they  have  for  food  is  called  Tockaw- 
houghe,  It  groweth  like  a  Flag  in  low  muddy  Freshes. 
In  one  day  a  Savage  will  gather  sufficient  for  a  weeke. 
These  rootes  are  much  of  the  greatnesse  and  taste  of 
Potatoes.  They  use  to  cover  a  great  many  of  them  with 
Oke  Leaves  and  Feme,  and  then  cover  all  with  earth  b 
the  manner  of  a  Cole-pit;  over  it,  on  each  side,  they 
continue  a  great  fire  twentie  foure  houres  before  they 
dare  eat  it.  Raw  it  is  no  better  then  poison,  and  being 
roasted,  except  it  be  tender  and  the  heat  abated,  or  sliced 
and  dried  in  the  Sunne,  mixed  with  Sorrell  and  Meale, 
or  such  like,  it  will  prickle  and  torment  the  throat 
extreamely,  and  yet  in  Summer  they  use  this  ordinarily 
for  bread. 

They  have  another  root  which  they  call  Wighsacan: 
as  th'other  feedeth  the  bodie,  so  this  cureth  their  hurts 
and  diseases.  It  is  a  small  roote  which  they  bruise  and 
apply  to  the  wound.  Pocones,  is  a  small  root  that 
groweth  in  the  Mountaines,  which  being  dried  and  beat 
m  powder  turneth  red.     And  this  they  use  for  swellings, 

43» 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 
aches,  anointing  their  joynts,  painting;  their  heads  and 
garments.     They  account  it  verie  precious,  and  of  nuKh 
worth.     Musquaspenne  is  a  root  of  the  bignesse  of  a  Musquaspenm 
finger,  and  as  red  as  bloud.     In  drying  it  will  wither  ^'^^• 
almost  to  nothing.     This  they  use  to  paint  their  Mats, 
Targets,   and   such   like.      There   is   also   Pellitorie   of  Panetarie. 
Spaine,  Sasafrage,  and  divers  others  Simples,  which  the  Sassafras, 
Apothecaries  gathered,  and  commended  to  be  good  and 
medicinable.     In  the  low  marishes  grow  plots  of  Onions  Onions. 
containing  an  acre  of  ground  or  more  in  many  places;  Seeinfr.ci^. 
but  they  are  small,  not  past  the  bignesse  of  the  top  of  ^^^^^^«^ 
ones  thumbe.  b^Cap'^'' 

Of  beasts  the  chiefe  are  Deare,  nothing  diflFering  from  JryoU, 
ours.     In  the  Desarts  towards  the  heads  of  the  Rivers,  Their  chufe 
there  are  many,  but  amongst  the  Rivers  few.     There  is  ^Sf^^  ^^^ 
a  beast  they  call  Aroughcun,  much  like  a  Badger,  but  J^Lhc^, 
useth  to  live  on  trees  as  Squirrels  doe.     Their  Squirrels,  Squirrels, 
some  are  neere  as  great  as  our  smallest  sort  of  wilde 
Rabbets,  some  blackish  or  blacke  and  white,  but  the  most 
are  gray.     A  small  beast  they  have,  they  call  Assapanick,  Assapanick  a 
but  wee  call  them  flying  Squirrels,  because  spreading  ^^rrel 
their   legs,   and   so   stretching   the   largenesse   of  their  ■^^^*"^- 
skinnes,  that  they  have  beene  seene  to  flie  thirtie  or  fortie 
yards.     An  Opassam  hath  a  head  like  a  Swine,  and  a  Opassom. 
taile  like  a  Rat,  and  is  of  the  bignesse  of  a  Cat.     Under 
her  belly  she  hath  a  bag,  wherein  she  lodgeth,  carrieth, 
and  suckleth  her  young.     Mussascus,  is  a  beast  of  the  Mussascus. 
forme  and  nature  of  our  water  Rats,  but  many  of  them 
smell  exceeding  strongly  of  Muske.     Their  Hares  are 
no  bigger  then  our  Conies,  and  few  of  them  to  be  found. 

Their  Beares  are  verie  little  in  comparison  of  those 
of  Muscovia  and  Tartaria.     The  Beaver  is  as  big  as  an  Beares. 
ordinarie  great  Dog,  but  his  legs  exceeding  short.     His  ^he  Be^wer. 
fore  feet  like  a  Dogs,  his  hinder  feet  like  a  Swans.     His 
taile  somewhat  like  the  forme  of  a  Racket  bare  without 
haire,  which  to  eate  the  Savages  esteeme  a  great  delicate. 
They  have  many  Otters,  which  as  the  Beavers  they  take  Otters. 
with  snares,  and  esteeme  the  skins  great  ornaments,  and 
XVIII  433  2  E 


A.D. 

1607. 


Vetchun- 

quotes. 

Foxes, 

[IV.  ix. 

1696.] 
Dogf, 
Martins, 
Pokats, 
Weesels^  and 
Mitikes. 
Note, 


Birds. 
Fish  hatokes. 


Fish. 


Strangefirme. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

of  all  those  beasts  they  use  to  feede  when  they  catch 
them. 

There  is  also  a  beast  they  call  Vetchunquoyes,  in  the 
forme  of  a  wilde  Cat,  their  Foxes  are  like  our.silver  haired 
Conies  of  a  small  proportion,  and  not  smelling  like  those 
in  England.  Their  Dogs  of  that  Countrey  are  like  their 
Wolves,  and  cannot  barke  but  howle ;  and  their  Wolves 
not  much  bigger  then  our  English  Foxes.  Martins, 
Powlecats,  Weessels  and  Minkes  we  know  they  have, 
because  we  have  seene  many  of  their  skins,  though  very 
seldome  any  of  them  alive.  But  one  thing  is  strange, 
that  wee*  could  never  perceive  their  vermine  destroy  our 
Hens,  Egges,  nor  Chickens,  nor  doe  anv  hurt,  nor  their 
Flyes  nor  Serpents  any  way  pemitious,  wnere  in  the  South 
parts  of  America  they  are  alwaies  dangerous  and  often 
deadhr. 

Or  Birds  the  Eagle  is  the  greatest  devourer.  Hawk^ 
there  bee  of  divers  sorts  as  our  Falconers  called  them. 
Sparrowhawkes,  Lanarets,  Goshawkes,  Falcons,  and 
Osperaies,  but  they  all  prey  most  upon  Fish.  Partridges 
there  are  little  bigger  then  our  (^ailes,  wilde  Turkies 
are  as  bigge  as  our  tame.  There  are  Woosels  or  Black- 
birds with  red  shoulders.  Thrushes  and  divers  sorts  of 
small  Birds,  some  red,  some  Blew,  scarce  so  big  as  a 
Wren,  but  few  in  Sxunmer.  In  Winter  there  are  great 
plentie  of  Swans,  Cranes,  gray  and  white  with  bkcke 
wings.  Herons,  Geese,  Brants,  Duck,  Wigeon,  DottereU, 
Oxeies,  Parrats  and  Pigeons.  Of  all  those  sorts  great 
abundance,  and  some  other  strange  kinds  to  us  unknowne 
by  name.  But  in  Summer  not  any  or  a  very  few  to  be 
seene. 

Of  Fish,  we  are  best  acquainted  with  Sturgeon, 
Grampus,  Porpus,  Seales,  Stingraies,  whose  tailes  are  very 
dangerous.  Bretts,  Mullets,  white  Salmonds,  Trowts, 
Soles,  Plaice,  Herrings,  Cony  fish,  Rockfish,  Eeles, 
Lampreyes,  Catfish,  Shades,  Perch  of  three  sorts.  Crabs, 
Shrimps,  Crevises,  Oysters,  Codes  and  Muscles.  But  the 
most  strange  Fish  is  a  small  one,  so  like  the  picture  of 

434 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

Saint  George  his  Dragoon,  as  possible  can  bee,  except  his 
legges  and  wings,  and  the  Todefish,  which  will  swell  till 
it  be  like  to  burst,  when  it  commeth  into  the  aire. 

Concerning  the  entrailes  of  the  earth,  little  can  be  said  Tki  Rocks, 
for  certaintie.  There  wanted  good  Refiners,  for  those 
that  tooke  upon  them  to  have  skill  this  way,  tooke  up 
the  washings  from  the  mountaines,  and  some  moskered 
shining  stones  and  spangles  which  the  waters  brought 
downe,  flattering  themselves  in  their  owne  vaine  conceit 
to  have  supposed  what  they  were  not,  by  the  meanes  of 
that  Ore,  if  it  proved  as  their  Arts  and  judgements 
expected.  Onely  this  is  certaine,  that  many  Regions 
lying  in  the  same  Latitude,  afl^ord  Mines  very  ricn  of 
divers  natures.  The  crust  also  of  these  Rocks  would 
easily  perswade  a  man  to  beleeve  there  are  other  Mines 
then  Iron  and  Steele,  if  there  were  but  meanes  and  men 
of  experience  that  knew  the  Mine  from  spare. 

Of  their  Planted  fruits  in  Virginia,  and  how 
they  use  them. 

They  divide  the  yeere  into  five  seasons.     Their  Winter  How  they 
some  call  Papanow,  the  Spring  Cattapeuk,  the  Summer  divide  tke 
Cohattayough,  the  earing  of  their  Corne  Nepinough,  the  y^^^- 
Harvest  and  fall  of  learc  Taquitock.     From  September, 
untill  the  midst  of  November  are  the  chiefe  Feasts  and 
Sacrifice.      Then   have   they   plentie   of  fruits,   as  well 
planted  as  naturall,  as  Corne,  green  and  ripe,  Fish,  Fowle, 
and  wild  beasts  exceeding  fat. 

The  greatest  labour  they  take,  is  in  planting  their  How  they 
Come,  tor  the  Countrey  is  naturally  overgrowne  with  P^'^P^j  ^ 
Wood.     To  prepare  the  ground  they  bruise  the  barke  ^^^^  ' 
of  the  trees  neere  the  roote,  then  doe  they  scorch  the 
roots  with  fire  that  they  grow  no  more.     The  next  yeere 
with  a  crooked  piece  of  Wood,  they  beat  up  the  Woods 
by  the  roots,  and  in  those  moulds  they  plant  their  Corne. 
Their  manner  is  this.     They  make  a  nole  in  the  earth 
with  a  sticke,  and  into  it  they  put  foure  graines  of  Wheat, 
and  two  of  Beanes.     These  holes  they  make  foure  foot 

435 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

one  from  another;    Their  women  and  children  do  con- 
tinually keepe  it  with  weeding,  and  when  it  is  grownc 
middle  high,  they  hill  it  about  like  a  Hop-yard. 
How  tkij  In  April  they  begin  to  plant,  but  their  chiefe  plantation 

fUnt.  J3  jjj  May,  and  so  thev  continue  till  the  midst  of  June. 

What  they  plant  in  April,  they  reape  in  August;  for 
May,  in  September ;  for  June,  in  October.  Every  stalkc 
of  their  Corne  commonly  beareth  two  eares,  some  three, 
seldome  any  foure,  many  but  one,  and  some  none.  Everr 
eare  ordinarily  hath  betwixt  two  hundred  and  five  hundred 
graines.  The  stalke  being  greene  hath  a  sweet  juyce 
m  it,  somewhat  like  a  Sugar  Cane,  which  is  the  cause  that 
when  they  gather  their  Come  greene,  they  sucke  the 
stalkes  for  as  we  gather  greene  Pease,  so  doe  they  their 
Corne  being  greene,  which  excelleth  their  old.  They 
plant  also  Pease,  which  they  call  Assentamens,  which  are 
the  same  they  call  in  Italy,  Fagioli.  Their  Beanes  are 
the  same  the  Turkes  call  Graurnanses,  but  these  they  mudi 
esteeme  for  dainties. 
How  they  use  Their  Corne  they  rost  in  the  eare  greene,  and  bruised 
''''"'  ^  '  it  in  a  Morter  of  Wood  with  a  Polt,  lap  it  in  roules  in  the 
leaves  of  their  Corne,  and  so  boile  it  for  a  daintie.  They 
also  reserve  the  Corne  late  planted  that  will  not  ripe,  by 
roasting  it  in  hot  ashes,  the  heat  thereof  drying  it.  In 
Winter  they  esteeme  it,  being  boiled  with  Beanes,  for  a 
rare  dish,  they  call  Pausarowmena.  Their  old  Wheat 
they  first  steepe  a  night  in  hot  water,  in  the  morning 
pounding  it  in  a  Morter.  They  use  a  small  basket  for 
their  Temmes,  then  poimd  againe  the  great,  and  so 
separating  by  dashing  their  hand  in  the  basket,  receive 
the  flower  in  a  platter  made  of  Wood,  scraped  to  that 
forme  with  burning  and  shels.  Tempering  this  flower 
in  water,  they  make  it  either  in  cakes  covering  with  ashes 
till  they  be  baked,  and  then  washing  them  in  faire  water 
they  drie  presently  with  their  owne  heat :  or  else  boile 
them  in  water,  eating  the  broth  with  the  bread,  which 
they  call  Ponap.  The  grouts  and  pieces  of  the  cornes 
remaining,  by  fanning  in  a  platter,  or  in  the  wind,  away, 

436 


their  Come, 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1607. 
the  branne  they  boile  three  or  foure  houres  with  water,  [IV.  ix. 
which  is  an  ordinary  food  they  call  Ustatahamen.     But  '^7-1 

some  more  thriftie  then  cleanly,  doe  burne  the  coare  of 
the  eare  to  powder,  which  they  call  Pungnough,  mingling 
that  in  their  meale,  but  it  never  tasted  well  in  bread,  nor 
broth.      Their    fish    and    flesh    they   boUe   either  very  How  they  use 
tenderly,  or  broile  it  so  long  on  hurdles  over  the  fire,  or  ^^^^P^  ^^ 
else  after  the  Spanish  fashion,  putting  it  on  a  spit,  they  ^ 
turne  first  the  one  side,  then  the  other,  till  it  bee  as  drie 
as  their  Jerkin  beefe  in  the  West  Indies,  that  they  may 
ke^e  it  a  month  or  more  without  putrifying.     The  broth 
of  nsh  or  flesh  they  eate  as  commonly  as  the  meat. 

In  May  also  amongst  their  Corne  they  plant  Pumpeons,  PUmudfrmts, 
and  a  fi-uit  like  unto  a  Muske  Millen,  but  lesse  and  worse, 
which  they  call  Macocks.  These  increase  exceedingly, 
and  ripen  in  the  beginning  of  July,  and  continue  untill 
September.  They  plant  also  Maracocks,  a  wilde  fi-uit 
like  a  Lemmon,  which  also  increase  infinitely.  They 
begin  to  ripe  in  September,  and  continue  till  the  end  of 
October.  When  all  their  fruits  be  gathered,  little  else 
they  plant,  and  this  is  done  by  their  women  and  children ; 
neither  doth  this  long  suffice  them,  for  neere  three  parts 
of  the  yeere  they  onely  observe  times  and  seasons,  and 
live  of  what  the  Countrey  naturally  aflFordeth  firom  hand 
to  mouth,  &c. 

The  mildnesse  of  the  aire,  the  fertilitie  of  the  soile.  The  cmmo- 
and  the  situation  of  the  Rivers,  are  so  propitious  to  the  ^i^'}^ 
nature  and  use  of  man,  as  no  place  is  more  convenient  j/T* ^'T 
fbr  pleasure,  profit,  and  mans  sustenance.     Under  that  kadhy 
Latitude  or  Climate,  here  will  live  any  beasts,  as  Horses,  industry. 
Goats,  Sheepe,  Asses,  Hens,  &c.  as  appeared  by  them  A  proofe^ 
that  were  carried  thither.     The  waters,  lies,  and  shoales,  ^^^^^^ 
are  full  of  safe  harbours  for  ships  of  Warre  or  Merchan-    *^^  ^^  ' 
dize,  for  boats  of  all  sorts,  for  transportation  or  fishing, 
&c.     The  Bay  and  Rivers  have  much  merchandable  fish, 
and  places  fit  for  Salt  coats,  building  of  Ships,  making 
of  Iron,  &c. 

Muscovia    and    Polonia    doe    yeerely    receive    many 

437 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1607. 
Tke  thousands,  for  Pitch,  Tarre,  Sope,  ashes,  Rosen,  Flax, 

CmmoHHis.  Cordage,  Stvirgeon,  Masts,  Yards,  Wainscot,  Firrcs, 
Glasse,  and  such  like:  also  Swethknd  for  Iron  and 
Copper.  France  in  like  manner  for  Wine,  Canvas,  and 
Salt ;  Spaine  as  much  for  Iron,  Steele,  Figs,  Reasons,  and 
Sackes.  Italy  with  Silkes  and  Velvets  consume  our  chiefe 
commodities.  Holland  maintaines  it  selfe  by  Fishing 
and  Trading  at  our  owne  doores.  All  these  temporize 
with  other  for  necessities,  but  all  as  uncertaine  as  reace 
or  Warres.  Besides  the  charge,  travell,  and  danger  in 
transporting  them,  by  seas,  lands,  stormes,  and  Pyrats. 
Then  how  much  hath  Virginia  the  prerogative  of  all 
those  flourishing  Kingdomes,  for  the  benefit  of  our  Land, 
when  as  within  one  hundred  miles  all  those  that  are  to 
bee  had,  either  readie  provided  by  nature,  or  else  to  be 
prepared,  were  there  but  industrious  men  to  labour. 
Onely  Copper  (we  may  doubt)  is  wanting ;  but  there  is 
good  probabilitie  that  both  Copper,  and  better  mynerals 
are  there  to  bee  had  for  their  labour.  Other  Countries 
have  it.  So  then  here  is  a  place,  a  nurse  for  Souldiers, 
a  practise  for  Mariners,  a  trade  for  the  Merchants,  a 
reward  for  the  good,  and  that  which  is  most  of  all,  a 
businesse  (most  acceptable  to  God)  to  bring  such  poore 
Infidels  to  the  true  knowledge  of  God,  and  his  holy 
Gospel. 

Of  the  naturall  Inhabitants  of  Virginia,  and  their 

customes. 

The  land  is  not  populous,  for  the  men  be  few;  their 
farre  greater  nxunber  is  of  women  and  children.  Within 
Tke  numbers,  sixtie  miles  of  James  Towne  there  are  about  some  7000. 
700.  men  people,  but  of  able  men  fit  for  their  warres  scarse  2000. 
were  the  most  To  nourish  so  many  together  they  have  yet  no  meancs, 
seene  together^  because  they  make  so  small  a  benefit  of  their  Land,  be 
^^lUl^^  it  never  so  fertill :  seven  or  eight  hundred  (though  by 
hJv^surfrised  ^^^^^  owne  report  they  were  above  a  thousand)  have  oeene 
Captaine  the  most  which  hath  beene  seene  together,  when  they 
Smith.  gathered  themselves  to  have  surprised  Captaine  Smith  at 

438 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

Pamavuke,  haying  but  fifteene  to  withstand  the  worst 
of  their  furie.     As  small  as  the  proportion  of  ground 
that  hath  yet  beene  discovered,  is  in  comparison  of  that 
yet  imknowne,  the  people  differ  very  much  in  stature,  J  inscription 
especially  in  language,  as  before  is  expressed.      Some  oftkefeopU. 
being  very  great,  as  the  Sesquesahamocks ;    others  very 
little,  as  the  Wighcocomocoes ;    but  generally  tall  and 
straight,  of  a  comely  proportion,  and  of  a  colour  brownc 
when  they  are  of  any  age,  but  they  are  borne  white. 
Their  haire  is  generally  bkdce,  but  few  have  any  beards. 
The  men  weare  halfe  their  heads  shaven,  the  other  halfe 
long ;   for  Barbers  they  use  their  women,  who  with  two  The  Barbars. 
shels  will  grate  away  the  haire,  of  any  fashion  they  please. 
The  women  are  cut  in  many  fashions  ^eeable  to  their 
jeares,  but  ever  some  part  remaineth  long.     They  are 
very  strong,  of  an  able  body  and  full  of  agilitie,  able  The 
to  endure  to  lye  in  the  woods  under  a  tree  by  the  fire,  (ousdtiOiM. 
in  the  worst  of  winter,  or  in  the  weedes  and  grasse,  in 
Ambuscado  in  the  Summer.      They  are  inconstant   in  ^^  _ 
every  thing,  but  what  care  constraineth  them  to  keepe.  ^^^**'«»- 
Craftie,    timerous,    quicke    of   apprehension,    and    very 
ingenious.     Some  are  of  disposition  fearefull,  some  bold, 
most    cautelous,    all    Savage:      Generally    covetous    of 
Copper,  Beads,  and  such  like  trash.     They  are  soone 
moved  to  anger,  and  so  malicious,  that  they  seldome  forget 
an  injury:   they  seldome  steale  one  from  another,  least 
their  Conjurers  should  reveale  it,  and  so  they  be  pursued 
and  punished.     That  they  are  thus  feared  is  certame,  but 
that  any  can  reveale  their  offences  by  conjuration  I  am 
doubtfuU.     Their  women  are  carefuU  not  to  be  suspected 
of  dishonesty  without  the  leave  of  their  husbands.     Each 
faoushold  knoweth  their  owne  lands  and  gardens,  and  most  C^^-  >^- 
live  of  their  owne  labours.     For  their  apparell,  they  are     *      '^98-] 
-sometime  covered  with  the  skins  of  wilde  Beasts,  which  possessions. 
in  winter  are  dressed  with  the  haire,  but  in   summer  Their  attire. 
without.     The  better  sort  use  large  mantels  of  Deare 
skins,    not   much   differing   in   fashion    from    the    Irish 
.Mantels:     some  imbrodered  with  white  Beades,   some 

439 


A.D. 

1607. 


Fetker 
Mmteb. 


Their 
ornaments. 


Their 
buildings. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

with  Copper,  other  painted  after  their  manner.  But  the 
common  sort  have  scarce  to  cover  their  nakednesse  but 
with  grasse,  the  leaves  of  trees,  or  such  like.  Wee  have 
seene  some  use  mantels  made  of  Turkie-feathers,  so 
prettily  wrought  and  woven  with  threds,  that  nothing 
could  be  discerned  but  the  feathers.  That  was  exceeding 
warme  and  very  handsome.  But  the  women  are  alwaycs 
covered  about  their  middles  with  a  skin,  and  very  shame- 
fac*t  to  be  seene  bare.  They  adome  themselves  most 
with  Copper  Beads  and  paintings.  Their  women,  some 
have  their  leg;s,  hands,  brests  and  face  cunningly 
imbrodered  with  divers  works,  as  Beasts,  Serpents,  arti- 
ficially wrought  into  their  flesh  with  bkcke  spots.  In 
each  eare  conmionly  they  have  three  great  holes,  whereat 
they  hang  Chaines,  Bracelets  or  Copper.  Some  of  their 
men  weare  in  those  holes,  a  small  greene  and  yellow 
coloured  Snake,  neere  halfe  a  }rard  in  length,  which  craw- 
ling and  lapping  her  selfe  about  his  necke  oftentimes 
familiarly  would  kisse  his  lips.  Others  weare  a  dead  Rat 
tied  by  the  taile.  Some  on  their  heads  weare  the  wing 
of  a  bird,  or  some  large  feather  with  a  Rattell.  Those 
Rattels  are  somewhat  like  the  chape  of  a  Rapier  but  lesse, 
which  they  take  from  the  taile  of  a  Snake.  Many  have 
the  whole  skin  of  a  Hawke  or  some  strange  fowle,  stuffed 
with  the  wings  abroad.  Others  a  broad  peece  of  Copper, 
and  some  the  hand  of  their  enemy  dried.  Their  head  and 
shoulders  are  painted  red  with  the  roote  Pocone  braied  to 
powder  mixed  with  Oyle,  this  they  hold  in  summer  to 
preserve  them  from  the  heate,  and  in  winter  from  the 
cold.  Many  other  formes  of  paintings  they  use,  but  he 
is  the  most  gallant  that  is  the  most  monstrous  to  behold. 
Their  Bufldings  and  habitations  are  for  the  most  part 
by  the  Rivers,  or  not  farre  distant  from  some  fresh  Spring. 
Their  Houses  are  built  like  our  Arbors,  of  small  yong 
sprigs  bowed  and  tied,  and  so  close  covered  with  mats, 
or  the  barks  of  trees  very  handsomely,  that  notwithstand- 
ing either  winde,  rainc  or  weather,  they  are  so  warme  as 
stoves,  but  very  smoakie,  yet  at  the  top  of  the  house  there 

440 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 
is  a  hole  made  for  the  smoake  to  goe  into  right  over  the 
fire. 

Against  the  fire  they  lye  on  little  hurdles  of  Reedes  Thiir 
covered  with  a  mat  borne  from  the  ground  a  foote  and  lodgings, 
more  by  a  Hurdle  of  wood.     On  these  round  about  the 
house  they  lye  heads  and  points  one  by  thother  against 
the  fire,  some  covered  with  Mats,  some  with  Skins,  and 
some  Starke  naked,  lye  on  the  ground,  from  six  to  twenty 
in  a  house.     Their  Houses  are  in  the  midst  of  their 
Fields  or  Gardens,  which  are  small  plots  of  grounds ;  some  Their 
twenty,  some  forty,  some  a  hundred,  some  two  hundred,  gardens. 
some  more,  some  lesse,  sometimes  from  two  to  a  hundred 
of  those  houses  together,  or  but  a  little  seperated  bv 
groves  of  trees.     Neare  their  habitations  is  little  small 
wood  or  old  trees  on  the  ground  by  reason  of  their  burn- 
ing of  them  for  fire.     So  that  a  man  may  gallop  a  horse 
amongst  these  woods  any  way,  but  where  the  creekes  or 
Rivers  shall  hinder. 

Men,  Women,  and  Children  have  their  severall  names.  How  they  use 
according  to  the  severall  humour  of  their  Parents.  Their  f^^^ir  children, 
women  (they  say)  are  easily  delivered  of  child,  yet  doe 
they  love  children  very  dearely.  To  make  them  hardy, 
in  the  coldest  mornings  they  wash  them  in  the  Rivers, 
and  by  painting  and  ointments  so  tan  their  skins,  that 
after  a  yeare  or  two,  no  weather  will  hurt  them. 

The  men  bestow  their  times  in  fishing,  hunting,  warres, 
and  such  manlike  exercises,  scorning  to  be  seene  in  any 
womanlike  exercise,  which  is  the  cause  that  the  women 
be  very  painfull,  and  the  men  often  idle.     The  women  The  industry 
and  children  doe  the  rest  of  the  worke.     They  make  of  their 
Mats,  Baskets,  Pots,  Morters,  pound  their  corne,  make  ««'«'^- 
their  bread,  prepare  their  victuals,  plant  their  corne,  gather 
their  corne,  beare  all  kinde  of  burdens,  and  such  like. 

Their   fire  they   kindle   presently   by   chafing   a   dry  How  they 
pointed  sticke  in  a  hole  of  a  little  square  peece  of  wood,  ttrikefire, 
that  firing  it  selfe,  will  so  fire  mosse,  leaves,  or  any  such 
like  dry  thing,  that  will  quickly  burne.     In  March  and  Their  order  of 
Aprill  they  live  much  upon  their  fishing  wares,  and  feede  ^i^^- 

441 


AD.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

on  fish,  Turkies,  and  Squirrels.  In  May  and  June  the^ 
plant  their  fields,  and  live  most  of  Acornes,  Walnuts,  and 
fish.  But  to  mend  their  diet,  some  disperse  themselves 
in  small  companies,  and  live  upon  fish.  Beasts,  Crabs, 
Oysters,  land  Tortoyses,  Strawberries,  Mulberries,  and 
such  like.  In  June,  July,  and  August,  they  feede  upon 
the  rootes  of  Tocknough  Berries,  Fish,  and  greene 
Wheate.  It  is  strange  to  see  how  their  bodies  alter  with 
their  diet,  even  as  the  Deere  and  wilde  Beasts,  they  seemc 
fat  and  leane,  strong  and  weake.  Powhatan  their  great 
King,  and  some  others  that  are  provident,  rost  their  fish 
and  flesh  upon  hurdles,  as  before  is  expressed,  and  keepe 
it  till  scarce  times. 

For  fishing,  and  hunting,  and  warres,  they  use  much 

Hota  they        their  Bowe  and  Arrowes.     They  bring  their  Bowes  to 

make  their      ^j^g  forme  of  ours :    by  the  scraping  of  a  shell.    Their 

Affw^        Arrowes  are  made  some  of  straight  yong  spri^,  whidi 

they  head  with  bone,  some  two  or  three  in(±es  long. 

These  they  use  to  shoote  at  Squirrels  on  trees.     Another 

sort  of  Arrowes  they  use,  made  of  reedes :    these  arc 

peeced  with  wood,  headed  with  splinters  of  Christall,  or 

some  sharpe  stone ;    the  spurs  or  a  Turkey,  or  the  bill 

Their  Knife,    of  some  Bird.     For  his  Knife,  he  hath  the  splinter  of  a 

reede  to  cut  his  feathers  in  forme.     With  this  Knife  also, 

he  will  joynt  a  Deere  or  any  Beast,  shape  his  shooes, 

[IV.  ix.         buskins.  Mantels,  &c.     To  make  the  noch  of  his  Arrow, 

1699-]  he  hath  the  tooth  of  a  Bever,  set  in  a  sticke,  wherewith 

he  grateth  it  by  degrees.     His  Arrow  head  he  quickly 

maketh  with  a  little  bone,  which  he  ever  weareth  at  his 

bracer,  of  any  splint  of  a  stone  or  gksse,  in  the  forme  of 

a  hart ;  and  these  they  glew  to  the  end  of  their  Arrowes. 

With  the  sinewes  of  Deere,  and  the  tops  of  Deeres  homes 

boiled  to  a  jelly,  they  make  a  glew  that  will  not  dissolve 

in  cold  water. 

Their  Targets       For  their  warres  also  they  use  Targets  that  are  round 

andStoords.     ^^^  made  of  the  barkes  of  trees,  and  a  sword  of  wood 

at  their  backes,  but  oftentimes  they  use  for  swords  the 

home  of  a  Deere  put  through  a  peece  of  wood,  in  forme 

44a 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF  VIRGINIA 


1607. 


of  a  Pickaxe :  some  a  long  stone  sharpened  at  both  ends, 
used  in  the  same  manner.  This  they  were  wont  to  use 
also  for  Hatchets,  but  now  by  trucking,  they  have  plenty 
of  the  same  forme  of  Iron.  And  those  are  their  chiefe 
instrtiments  and  armes. 

Their  fishing  is  much  in  Boates.  These  they  make  Their  Boau. 
of  one  tree  by  burning  and  scratching  away  the  coles  with 
stones  and  shels,  till  they  have  made  it  in  forme  of  a 
Trough.  Some  of  them  are  an  elle  deepe,  and  forty  or 
fifty  roote  in  length,  and  some  will  beare  forty  men,  but 
the  most  ordinary  are  smaller,  and  will  beare  ten,  twenty, 
or  thirty,  according  to  their  bignesse.  Instead  of  Oares, 
they  use  paddles  and  stickes,  with  which  they  will  rowe 
faster  then  our  Barges.  Betwixt  their  hands  and  thighes,  How  tkey  spin. 
their  women  use  to  spin;  the  Barkes  of  trees,  Deere 
sinewes,  or  a  kinde  or  grasse  they  call  Pemmenaw,  of 
these  they  make  a  thred  very  even  and  readily.  This 
thred  serveth  for  many  uses,  about  their  housing,  apparell, 
as  also  they  make  nets  for  fishing,  for  the  quantitv  as 
formally  braded  as  ours.  They  make  also  with  it  lines 
for  angles.  Their  hookes  are  either  a  bone  grated,  as 
they  nocke  their  Arrowes,  in  the  forme  of  a  crooked  pin 
or  fishhooke,  or  of  the  splinter  of  a  bone  tied  to  the 
clift  of  a  litde  sticke,  and  with  the  end  of  the  line,  they 
tye  on  the  baite.  They  use  also  long  Arrowes  tyed  in 
a  line,  wherewith  they  shoote  at  fish  in  the  River.  But 
they  of  Accawmack  use  staves,  like  unto  Javelins,  headed 
with  bone.  With  these  they  dart  fish  swimming  in  the 
water.  They  have  also  many  artificiall  wares,  in  which 
they  get  abundance  of  fish. 

In  their  hunting  &  fishing  they  take  extreame  paines ; 
yet  it  being  their  ordinary  exercise  fi-om  their  infimcy, 
they  esteemed  it  a  pleasure  and  are  verv  proud  to  be 
expert  therein :  And  by  their  continual!  ranging,  and 
travell,  they  know  all  the  advantages  and  places  most 
frequented  with  Deere,  Beasts,  Fish,  Fowle,  Rootes,  and 
Berries.  At  their  huntings  they  leave  their  habitations, 
and  reduce  themselves  into  companies,  as  the  Tartars  doe, 

443 


Tiiir 
Fishooks, 


Hunting 
labours. 


How  tkey 
hunt. 


A.D. 


Hunting 
houses. 


One  Savage 
hunting  akne. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

and  goe  to  the  most  desert  places  with  their  £imilies, 
where  they  spend  their  time  in  hunting  and  fowling  up 
towards  the  Mountains,  by  the  heads  of  their  Rivers, 
where  there  is  plenty  of  game.  For  betwixt  the  Rivers, 
the  grounds  are  so  narrow,  that  little  conmieth  there 
which  they  devoure  not.  It  is  a  marvell  they  can  so 
directly  passe  these  desarts,  some  three  or  foure  daies 
journie  without  habitation.  Their  hunting  houses  arc 
like  unto  Arbours  covered  with  mats.  These  their 
women  beare  after  them,  with  Corne,  Acornes,  Morters, 
and  all  bag  and  baggage  they  use.  When  they  come  to 
the  place  of  exercise,  every  man  doth  his  best  to  shew 
his  dexteritie,  for  by  their  excelling  in  those  qualities, 
they  get  their  wives.  Forty  yards  wiU  they  shoote  levell, 
or  very  neere  the  marke,  and  one  hundred  and  twenty 
is  their  best  at  random.  At  their  hunting  in  the  desarts 
they  are  commonly  two  or  three  hundred  together. 
Having  found  the  Deere,  they  environ  them  with  many 
fires,  and  betwixt  the  fires  they  place  themselves.  And 
some  take  their  stands  in  the  midst.  The  Deere  being 
thus  feared  by  the  fires  and  their  voices,  they  chace  them 
so  long  within  that  circle,  that  many  times  they  kill  six, 
eight,  ten,  or  fifteene  at  a  hunting.  They  use  also  to 
drive  them  into  some  narrow  point  of  land,  when  they 
finde  that  advantage,  and  so  force  them  into  the  River, 
where  with  their  Boates  they  have  Ambuscadoes  to  kill 
them.  When  they  have  shot  a  Deere  by  land  they  follow 
him  like  Bloud-hounds,  by  the  bloud  and  strainc,  and 
oftentimes  so  take  them.  Hares,  Partridges,  Turkies, 
or  Egges,  fat  or  leane,  yong  or  old,  they  devoure  all  they 
can  catch  in  their  power.  In  one  of  these  huntings  they 
found  Captaine  Smith,  in  the  discovery  of  the  head  of 
the  River  of  Chickahamania,  where  they  slew  his  men, 
and  tooke  him  prisoner  in  a  Bogmire,  where  he  saw  those 
exercises,  and  gathered  these  observations. 

One  Savage  hunting  alone,  used  the  skinne  of  a  Deere 
slit  on  the  one  side,  and  so  put  on  his  arme,  through  the 
necke,  so  that  his  hand  comes  to  the  head  which  is  stuffed, 

444 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF  VIRGINIA  a.ix 

1607. 
and  the  homeS)  head,  eies,  eares,  and  every  part  as 
artificially  counterfeited  as  they  can  devise.  Thus  shrowd- 
ing  his  body  in  the  skin,  by  stalking  he  approacheth  the 
Deere,  creeping  on  the  ground  from  one  tree  to  another. 
If  the  Deere  diance  to  finde  fault,  or  stand  at  gaze,  hec 
tumeth  the  head  with  his  hand  to  his  best  advantage  to 
seeme  like  a  Deere,  also  gazing  and  licking  himselfe.  So 
^watching  his  best  advantage  to  approach,  having  shot  him, 
he  chaseth  him  by  his  bloud  and  straine  till  he  get  him. 

When  they  intend  any  Wars,  the  Werowances  usually  Their 
have  the  advise  of  their  Priests  and  Conjurers,  and  their  comukatioHs. 
allies  and  ancient  friends,  but  chiefely  tne  Priests  deter- 
mine their  resolution.     Every  Werowance,  or  some  lusty 
fellow,  they  appoint  Captaine  over  every  Nation.     They 
seldome  make  Warre  for  lands  or  goods,  but  for  women 
and  children,  and  principally  for  revenge.     They  have 
many  enemies,  namely  all  their  Westernely  Countries  Tkiirimmies. 
beyond  the  Mountaines,  and  the  heads  of  the  Rivers.  [IV.  iz. 
Upon  the  head  of  the  Powhatans  are  the  Monacans,  whose  1700] 

chiefe  habitation  is  at  Russawmeake,  unto  whom  the 
Mouhemenchughes,  the  Massinnacacks,  the  Monahas- 
sanuggs,  and  other  Nations  pay  tributes.  Upon  the  head 
of  the  River  of  Toppahanocke  is  a  people  called  Manna- 
hoacks.  To  these  are  contributers  the  Tauxsnitanias,  the 
Shackaconias,  the  Outponcas,  the  Tegoneaes,  the  Whon- 
kentyaes,  the  Stegarakes,  the  Hassinnungas,  and  divers 
others,  all  confederates  with  the  Monacans  though  many 
differ  in  language,  and  be  very  barbarous,  living  for  most 
part  of  wilde  B^sts  and  fruits.  Beyond  the  Mountaines, 
from  whence  is  the  head  of  the  River  Patawomeke,  the 
Savages  report  inhabit  their  most  mortall  enemies,  the 
Massawomekes  upon  a  great  salt  water,  which  by  all  like-  Massawo- 
lihood  is  either  some  part  of  Cannada,  some  great  Lake,  ff^^fs- 
or  some  inlet  of  some  Sea  that  falleth  into  the  South  Sea. 
These  Massawomekes  are  a  great  Nation  and  very 
populous.  For  the  heads  of  all  those  Rivers,  especially 
the  Pattawomekes,  the  Pautuxuntes,  the  Sasquesahanoks, 
the  Tockwoughes  are  continually  tormented  by  them :  of 

445 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

whose  cruelty,  they  generally  complained,  and  very 
importunate  they  were  with  Captaine  Smith  and  his  com- 
pany to  free  them  from  these  tormentors.  To  this 
Their  offer  of  purpose  they  offered  food,  conduct,  assistance,  and  con- 
sidffecHott.  tinuall  subjection;  which  hee  concluded  to  effect.  But 
the  counceli  then  present,  emulating  his  successe,  would 
not  thinke  it  fit  to  spare  him  forty  men  to  be  hazarded  in 
those  unknowne  Regions,  having  passed  (as  before  was 
spoken  of)  but  with  twelve,  and  so  was  lost  that  oppor- 
tunity. Seven  Boates  full  of  these  Massawomekcs  the 
discoverers  encountred  at  the  head  of  the  Bay;  whose 
Targets,  Baskets,  Swords,  Tobaccopipes,  Platters,  Bowes 
and  Arrowes,  and  every  thing,  shewed  they  mudi 
exceeded  them  of  our  parts,  and  their  dexteritie  in  their 
small  Boates  made  of  the  barkes  of  trees  sowed  with  barke 
and  well  luted  with  gum,  argueth  that  they  are  seated 
upon  some  great  water. 

Against  all  these  enemies  the  Powhatans  are  constrained 
sometimes  to  fight.  Their  chiefe  attempts  are  by  Strata- 
gems, trecheries,  or  surprisals.  Yet  the  Werowances 
women  and  children  they  put  not  to  death,  but  kccpe 
them  Captives.  They  have  a  method  in  warre,  and  tor 
our  pleasures  they  shewed  it  us,  and  it  was  in  this  manner 
performed  at  Mattapanient. 
Their  manner  Having  painted  and  disguised  themselves  in  the  fiercest 
ofhatuU.  manner  they  could  devise,  they  divided  themselves  into 
two  Companies,  neere  a  hundred  in  a  Company.  The 
one  company  called  Monacans,  the  other  Powhatans. 
Either  army  had  their  Captaine.  These  as  enemies  tookc 
their  stands  a  Musket  shot  one  from  another;  ranked 
themselves  fifteene  a  brest,  and  each  ranke  from  another 
foure  or  five  yards,  not  in  fyle,  but  in  the  opening  betwixt 
their  fyles.  So  as  the  Reare  could  shoote  as  convenicndf 
as  the  Front.  .Having  thus  pitched  the  fields:  from 
either  part  went  a  Messenger  with  these  conditions,  that 
whosoever  were  vanquished,  such  as  escape  upon  their 
submission  in  two  daies  after  shall  live,  but  their  wives 
and  children  should  be  prize  for  the  Conquerours.    The 

446 


THE   DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

Messengers  were  no  sooner  returned,  but  they  approached 
in  their  orders:  On  each  flanke  a  Sarjeant,  and  in  the 
Reare  an  officer  for  Lieutenant,  all  duely  keeping  their 
orders,  yet  leaping  and  singing  after  tneir  accustomed 
tune  which  they  use  onely  in  wars.  Upon  the  first  ffight 
of  Arrowes  they  gave  such  horrible  shouts  and  screeches, 
as  so  many  inrarnall  helhounds  could  not  have  made  them 
more  terrible.  When  they  had  spent  their  Arrowes,  they 
joyned  together  prettily,  charging  and  retiring,  every 
ranke  seconding  other.  As  they  got  advantage,  they 
catched  their  enemies  by  the  haire  of  the  head,  &  down 
he  came  that  was  taken:  his  enemy  with  his  wodden 
Sword  seemed  to  beate  out  his  braines,  and  still  they  crept 
to  the  Reare  to  maintaine  the  skirmish.  The  Monacans 
decreasing,  the  Powhatans  charged  them  in  the  forme  of 
a  halfe  Moon ;  they  unwilling  to  be  inclosed,  fled  all  in  a 
troope  to  their  Ambuscadoes,  on  whom  they  led  them 
very  cunningly.  The  Monacans  disperse  themselves 
among  the  fresh  men,  whereupon  the  Powhatans  retired 
with  all  speede  to  their  seconds;  which  the  Monacans 
seeing,  tooke  that  advantage  to  retire  againe  to  their  owne 
batteS,  and  so  each  returned  to  their  owne  quarter.  All 
their  actions,  voices  and  gestures,  both  in  charging  and 
retiring,  were  so  strained  to  the  height  of  their  quallitie 
and  nature,  that  the  strangenesse  thereof  made  it  seeme 
very  delightfull. 

For  their  musicke  they  use  a  thicke  Cane,  on  which  Their 
they  pipe  as  on  a  Recorder.  For  their  warres  they  have  Muskke. 
a  great  deepe  platter  of  wood.  They  cover  the  mouth 
thereof  with  a  skin,  at  each  corner  they  tie  a  Walnut, 
which  meeting  on  the  backeside  neere  to  the  bottome,  with 
a  small  rope  tney  twitch  them  together  till  it  be  so  tough 
and  stifFe,  that  they  may  beate  upon  it  as  upon  a  Drum. 
But  their  chiefe  instruments  are  Rattels  made  of  small 
gourds  or  Pumpions  shels.  Of  these  they  have  Base, 
Tenor,  Countertenor,  Meane  and  Trible.  These  mingled 
with  their  voyces,  sometimes  twenty  or  thirty  togetner, 
make  such  a  terrible  noise,  as  would  rather  affright  then 

447 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

Their  delight  any  man.     If  any  great  Commander  arrive  at  the 

entertainment,  habitation  of  a  Werowance,  they  spread  a  Mat,  as  the 

Turkes  doe  a  Carpet,  for  him  to  sit  upon.     Upon  another 

right  opposite  they  sit  themselves.     Then  doe  all  with  a 

tunable  voice  of  showting  bid  him  welcome.     After  this 

doe  two  or  more  of  their  chiefest  men  make  an  Oration, 

testifying    their    love:     which    they    doe    with    such 

vehemency,  and  so  great  passions,  that  they  sweate  till 

they  drop,  and  are  so  out  or  breath  they  can  scarce  speake : 

so  that  a  man  woidd  take  them  to  be  exceeding  angry,  or 

Starke  mad.     Such  victuall  as  they  have,  they  spend  freely, 

[IV.  ix.         and  at  night  where  his  lodging  is  appointed,  they  set  a 

170"]  woman  fresh  painted  red  with  Focones  and  Oile,  to  be  his 

bedfellow. 

Their  trade.        Their  manner  of  trading  is  for  Copper,  Beades,  and 

such  like,  for  which  they  ^ive  such  conmiodities  as  they 

have,  as  Skins,  Fowle,  Fish,  Flesh,  and  their  Countrie 

Corne.     But  their  victuall  is  their  chiefest  riches. 

Their  Every  spring  they  make  themselves  sicke  with  drinking 

phisicke.         xhi^  yxicj^  of  a  roote  they  call  Wighsacan,  and  water, 

whereof  they  powre  so  great  a  quantity,  that  it  pumth 

them  in  a  very  violent  manner ;  so  that  in  three  or  foure 

daies  after  they  scarce  recover  their  former  health.     Some- 

Their  times  they  are  troubled  with  dropsies,  swellings,  aches, 

chirurgery.      ^nd  such  like  diseases;    for  cure  whereof  they  build  a 

stove,  in  the  forme  of  a  Dovehouse,  with  mats,  so  close 

that  a  few  coales  therein  covered  with  a  pot,  will  make 

the  patient  sweate  extreamely.     For  swellings  also  they 

use  small  peeces  of  touchwood,  in  the  forme  of  doves, 

which  pricking  on  the  griefe  they  burne  close  to  the  flesh, 

and  from  thence  draw  the  corruption  with  their  mouth. 

With  this  root  Wighsacan  they  ordinarily  heale  greene 

wounds.     But  to  scarifie  a  swelling  or  make  incision,  their 

best  instruments  are  some  splinted  stone.     Old  ulcers  or 

putrified  hurts  are  seldome  seene  cured  amongst  them. 

They  have  many  professed  Phjsitians,  who  with  their 

Their  charmes  charmes  and  Rattels  with  an  infernall  rowt  of  words  and 

t9  cnre.  actions  will  seeme  to  sucke  their  inward  griefe  from  their 

448 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a,d. 

1607. 

navels  or  their  grieved  places;  but  of  our  Chirurgians 
they  were  so  conceited,  that  they  beleeved  any  Plaister 
would  heale.any  hurt. 

Of  their  Religion. 

There  is  yet  in  Virginia  no  place  discovered  to  be  so 
Savage  in  which  the  Savages  have  not  a  Religion,  Deere, 
and  Bow,  and  Arrowes.  All  things  that  were  able  to  doe 
them  hurt  beyond  their  prevention,  they  adore  with  their 
kinde  of  divine  worship;  as  the  fire,  water,  lightning^, 
thunder,  our  ordnance,  peeces,  horses,  &c.  But  their 
chiefe  God  they  worship  is  the  Divell ;  him  they  call  Oke,  Their  God. 
and  serve  him  more  of  feare  then  love.  They  say  they 
have  conference  with  him  and  fashion  themselves  as  neere 
to  his  shape  as  they  can  imagine.  In  their  Temples  they 
have  his  image  evil  favouredly  carved,  and  then  painted 
and  adorned  with  Chaines,  Copper,  and  Beads,  and  covered 
with  a  skin,  in  such  manner  as  the  deformitie  may  well 
suite  with  such  a  God.  Bv  him  is  commonly  the  sepulcher  - 
of  their  Kings.  Their  Dodies  are  first  bowelled,  then  How  they 
dried  upon  hurdles  till  they  be  very  dry,  and  so  about  the  ^'^n  ^^^ 
most  of  their  joints  and  necke  they  hang  Bracelets  or  ^^^^' 
Chaines  of  Copper,  Pearle,  and  such  like,  as  they  use  to 
weare,  their  inwards  they  stuffe  with  Copper  Beads  and 
covered  with  a  Skin,  Hatchets,  and  such  trash.  Then  lap 
they  them  very  carefully  in  white  Skins,  and  so  rowle 
them  in  mats  for  their  winding-sheetes.  And  in  the 
Tombe,  which  is  an  arch  made  of  Mats,  they  lay  them 
orderly.  What  remaineth  of  this  kinde  of  wealth,  their 
Kings  have,  they  set  at  their  feete  in  baskets.  These 
Temples  and  bodies  are  kept  by  their  Priests. 

For  their  ordinary  burials,  they  dig  a  deepe  hole  in  the  Their  ordi- 
earth  with  sharpe  stakes,  and  the  corpes  being  lapped  in  ^^^  hunah. 
Skins  and  Mats  with  their  Jewels,  they  lay  them  upon 
sticks  in  the  ground,  and  so  cover  them  with  earth.  The 
buriall  ended,  the  women  being  painted  all  their  faces 
with  black  cole  and  oyle,  doe  sit  foure  and  twenty  houres 
in  the  houses  mourning  and  lamenting  by  turnes,  with 
XVIII  449  2  F 


Aj>.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

such  yelling  and  howling  as  may  expresse  their  great 
passions. 
Tiiir  In  every  Territory  of  a  Werowance  is  a  Temple  and  a 

Temples,  Priest,  two,  or  three,  or  more.  Their  principall  Temple 
or  place  of  superstition  is  at  Uttamussack  at  Pamavukc, 
neere  unto  wnich  is  a  house  temple  or  place  of  Pow- 
hatans.  Upon  the  top  of  certain  red  sandy  hils  in  the 
woods,  there  are  three  great  houses  filled  with  images  of 
their  Kings,  and  Divels,  &  Tombes  of  their  Predecessors. 
Those  houses  are  neere  sixty  foot  in  length,  built  arbot- 
wise  after  their  building.  This  place  they  count  so  holj 
as  that  none  but  the  Friests  and  Kings  dare  come  into 
them;  nor  the  Savages  dare  not  goe  up  the  River  in 
Boates  by  it,  but  that  they  solemnly  cast  some  peece  of 
Popper,  white  Beads  or  Pocones  into  the  River ;  for  fearc 
their  Oke  should  be  offended  and  revenged  of  them.  In 
this  place  commonly  are  resident  seven  Priests.  The 
TAeir  oma-  chiefe  differed  from  the  rest  in  his  ornaments,  but  inferior 
mntsfirtheir  Pnests  could  hardly  be  knowne  from  the  conunon  people, 
but  that  they  had  not  so  many  holes  in  their  eares  to  hang 
their  Jewels  at.  The  ornament  of  the  chiefe  Priest  were 
certaine  attires  for  his  head  made  thus:  They  tooke  a 
dosen,  or  sixteene,  or  more  Snake  skins,  and  stuffed  th»n 
with  mosse,  &  of  Weesels,  and  other  vermine  skins  a 
good  many.  All  these  they  tye  by  their  tailes,  so  as  all 
their  tailes  meete  in  the  top  of  their  head,  like  a  great 
Tassell.  Round  about  this  Tassell  is  as  it  were  a  crown 
of  feathers,  the  skins  hang  round  about  his  head,  necke, 
and  shoulders,  and  in  a  manner  cover  his  face.  The  faces 
of  all  their  Priests  are  painted  as  ugly  as  they  can  devise, 
in  their  hands  they  had  every  one  his  Rattell,  some  base, 
some  smaller.  Their  devotion  was  most  in  Songs,  which 
the  chiefe  Priest  beginneth,  and  the  rest  followed  him, 
sometimes  he  maketh  invocations  with  broken  sentences 
by  starts  and  strange  passions,  and  at  every  pause,  the 
rest  give  a  short  groane. 
TAeir  times  of  It  could  not  be  perceived  that  they  keepe  any  day  as 
solemnities.      more  holy  then  other ;  but  onely  in  some  great  distresse 

450 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF  VIRGINIA 

of  want,  feare  of  enemies,  times  of  triumph  and  gathering 
together  their  fruits,  the  whole  Country  of  men,  women, 
and  children  come  together  to  solemnities.  The  manner 
of  their  devotion  is,  sometimes  to  make  a  great  fiure  in 
the  house  or  fields,  and  all  to  sing  and  dance  aoout  it  with 
Rattles  and  shouts  together  foure  or  five  houres.  Some- 
time they  set  a  man  in  the  midst,  and  about  him  they 
dance  and  sing,  he  all  the  while  clapping  his  hands  if  he 
would  keepe  time,  and  after  their  songs  and  dancings 
ended  they  goe  to  their  Feasts. 

They  have  also  divers  conjurations;  one  they  made 
when  Captaine  Smith  was  their  prisoner  (as  they  reported) 
to  know  if  any  more  of  his  Country-men  would  arrive 
there,  and  what  hee  there  intended.  The  manner  of  it 
followeth  in  his  story. 

They  have  also  certaine  Altar  stones,  they  call  Pawcor- 
ances,  but  these  stand  from  their  Temples,  some  by  there 
houses ;  others  in  the  Woods  and  Wildernesses :  Where 
they  have  had  any  extraordinary  accident  or  incounter. 
As  you  travell  by  them  they  will  tell  you  the  cause  of 
their  erection,  wherein  they  instruct  their  children;  so 
that  they  are  in  stead  of  Records  and  memorialls  of  their 
Antiquities.  Upon  this  they  offer  bloud,  Deare  suet,  and 
Tobacco.  These  they  doe  when  they  returne  from  the 
warres,  from  hunting,  and  upon  many  other  occasions. 
They  have  also  another  superstition  that  they  use  in 
stormes,  when  the  waters  are  rough  in  the  Rivers  and 
Sea  Coasts.  Their  Conjurers  runne  to  the  water  sides, 
or  passing  in  their  Boats,  after  many  hellish  outcries  and 
invocations,  they  cast  Tobacco,  Copper,  Pocones,  or  such 
trash  into  the  water,  to  pacifie  that  God  whom  they  thinke 
to  be  very  angry  in  those  stormes.  Before  their  dinners 
and  suppers,  the  better  sort  will  take  the  first  bit,  and  cast 
it  in  tne  fire,  which  is  all  the  grace  they  are  knowne  to 
use. 

Every  Nation  in  seven  or  ten  yeeres  useth  a  kind  of 
solemnity.  Such  a  one  was  at  Quiyoughcohanock,  some 
ten    miles   firom    James   Towne,    and    thus   performed. 

45J 


A.D. 

1607. 

[IV.  ix. 

1701.] 


Their 
CcnJuraHons. 


Their  Ahars, 
C.  ^mith. 


Sacrifices  to 
the  water. 


Their  sokmne 
making  of 
blackberries. 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

Fifteene  of  the  properest  young  Boyes,  betweene  ten  and 
fifteene  yeeres  of  age  they  painted  white.  Having 
brought  them  forth,  the  people  spent  the  forenoone  in 
dancing  and  singing  about  them  with  Rattles.  In  the 
afternoone  they  put  those  children  to  the  root  of  the  tree. 
By  them  ail  the  men  stood  in  a  gard,  every  one  having  a 
Bastinado  in  his  hand,  made  of  Reeds  bound  together. 
This  made  a  lane  betweene  them  all  along,  through  which 
there  were  appointed  five  young  men  to  fetch  these 
children:  so  everie  one  of  the  five  went  through  the 
guard  to  fetch  a  child  each  after  other  by  turnes,  the  guard 
fearleslv  beating  them  with  the  Bastinadoes,  and  they 
patiently  enduring  and  receiving  all,  defending  the 
children  with  their  naked  bodies  from  the  unmercifuU 
blowes,  that  pay  them  soundly,  though  the  children  escape. 
All  this  while  the  women  weepe  and  cry  out  verie  passion- 
ately, providing  Mats,  Skins,  Mosse,  and  drie  Wood,  as 
things  fitting  their  childrens  Funeralls.  After  the  chilcb^en 
were  thus  passed,  the  guard  tore  downe  the  trees,  branches, 
and  boughs,  with  such  violence  that  they  rent  the  bodie,  and 
made  wreathes  for  their  heads,  or  bedecked  their  haire 
with  leaves.  What  else  was  done  with  the  children,  was 
not  seene,  but  they  were  all  cast  on  a  heape,  in  a  Valley 
as  dead,  where  they  made  a  great  ffawt  for  all  the  com- 

C.  Smsti.  pany.  The  Werowance  being  demanded  the  meaning  of 
this  sacrifice,  answered.  That  the  children  were  not  all 
dead,  but  the  next  day  they  were  to  drinke  Wighsakon, 
which  would  make  them  mad ;  and  they  were  to  bee  kept 
by  the  last  made  Blacke  boyes  in  the  wildernesse,  where 
their  Oke  did  sucke  the  bloud  of  those  which  fell  to  his 
lot.  The  truth  is,  as  I  thinke,  that  many  die  with  the 
miserv  which  they  endure.  For  they  lye  in  all  weathers 
in  a  little  hovell  naked,  and  they  seldome  speake  or  keepe 
company  with  any  but  their  Keepers;  whom  they  obey 
so,  that  if  they  be  bidden  sit  on  the  frozen  snow,  they 
will  not  rise  till  they  be  called.  And  if  they  bid  them 
goe  take  Fish,  Flesh,  or  Corne  from  their  mothers,  or  else 
they  are  Old  me,  this  word  is  so  terrible  that  they  will 

4Sa 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1607. 
teare  their  mothers  throat,  but  they  will  have  it ;  yea  it 
makes  them  do  whatsoever  they  are  commanded:  and 
much  mischiefe  they  often  doe  to  such  as  they  find 
stragling.  Yet  hurt  they  not  each  other.  They  continue 
thus  nine  months.  Then  are  divers  platters  of  broth  set, 
of  which  some  are  poysoned;  and  ne  whose  divination 
finds  out  the  poysoned,  is  much  esteemed  and  made  a 
Quiyoughcosuck.  These  are  the  degrees  to  become 
Priests  or  Conjurers.  This  sacrifice  they  held  to  be  so 
necessary,  that  if  they  should  omit  it,  their  Oke  or  Devil, 
and  all  their  other  Quiyoughcosughes  which  are  there 
other  Gods,  would  let  them  have  no  Deare,  Turkies, 
Come,  nor  Fish,  and  yet  besides,  he  would  make  a  great 
slai^hter  amongst  them. 

They  thinke  that  their  Werowances  and  Priests,  which 
they  also  esteeme  Qyiyoughcosughes,  when  thev  are  dead, 
^e  beyond  the  Mountaines  towards  the  setting  of  the 
dunne,  and  ever  remaine  there  in  forme  of  their  Oke, 
with  their  heads  painted  with  Oile  and  Pocones,  finely 
trimmed  with  Feathers,  and  shall  have  Beades,  Hatchets, 
Copper,  and  Tobacco,  doing  nothing  but  dance  and  sing, 
with  all  their  Predecessors.  But  the  common  people  they 
suppose  shall  not  live  after  death. 

To  divert  them  from  this  blind  Idolatry,  many  used  TAeir 
their  best  endeavours,  chiefly  with  the  Werowances  of  resttmctm. 
Quiyoughcohanock,  whose  devotion,  apprehension,  and 
good  disposition,  much  exceeded  any  in  those  Countries, 
whom  though  wee  could  not  as  yet  prevaile  withall  to 
forsake  his  fidse  Gods,  yet  this  he  dici  beleeve,  that  our 
God  as  much  exceeded  theirs,  as  our  Gunnes  did  their 
Bowes  and  Arrowes,  and  many  times  did  send  to  the 
President,  at  James  Towne,  men  with  Presents,  intreating 
them  to  pray  to  his  God  for  Raine,  for  his  Gods  would 
not  send  him  anv.  And  in  this  lamentable  ignorance,  doe 
these  poore  soules  sacrifice  themselves  to  the  Devill,  not 
knowing  their  Creator. 

[Of  the 
453 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1607* 

[IV.  ii.  Of  the  manner  of  the  Virginians  Government. 

1703.]  ^ 

Although  the  Countrey  people  be  very  barbarous,  yet 
have  they  amongst  them  such  government,  as  that  their 
Magistrates  for  good  commandmg,  and  their  people  for 
due  subjection,  and  obeying,  excell  many  places  that  would 
be  coimted  verie  civiU.  The  forme  of  their  Common- 
wealth is  a  Monarchiall  government,  one  as  Emperour 
ruleth  over  many  Kings  or  Governours.  Their  chiefe 
Ruler  is  called  Powhatan,  and  taketh  his  name  of  the 
principall  place  of  dwelling,  called  Powhatan.  But  his 
proper  name  is  Wahunsonacock.  Some  Countries  hee 
hath  which  have  beene  his  Ancestors,  and  came  unto  him 
by  Inheritance,  as  the  Countrie  called  Powhatan,  Arro- 
hateck,  Appamatuke,  Pamavuke,  Youghtanud,  and 
Mattapanient.  All  the  rest  of  his  Territories  expressed 
in  the  Map,  they  report  have  beene  his  severall  conquests. 
In  all  his  ancient  Inheritances,  hee  hath  houses  built  aftff 
their  manner  like  arbours,  some  thirtie,  some  fortie  yards 
long,  and  at  everie  house  provision  for  his  entertainment 
according  to  the  time.  At  Werowcomoco,  hee  was  seated 
upon  the  Northside  of  the  River  Pamavuke,  some  four- 
teene  miles  from  James  Towne,  where  for  the  most  part, 
hee  was  resident,  but  hee  tooke  so  little  pleasure  in  our 
neere  neighbourhood,  that  were  able  to  visit  him  against 
his  will  in  sixe  or  seven  houres,  that  he  retired  himselfe 
to  a  place  in  the  Desarts  at  the  top  of  the  River  Chickaha- 
A  description  mania,  betweene  Youghtanimd  and  Powhatan.  His 
ofPwfhatan.  habitation  is  called  Orapacks,  where  he  ordinarily  now 
resideth.  He  is  of  parsona^  a  tall  well  proportioned 
man,  with  a  sower  looke,  his  head  somewhat  gray,  Us 
beard  so  thin  that  it  seemeth  none  at  all,  his  age  neert 
sixtie ;  of  a  verie  able  and  hardie  bodie  to  endure  any 
His  labour.     About  his  person  ordinarily  attendeth  a  guard 

atundance  W  of  fortie  or  fiftie  of  the  tallest  men  his  Countrie  doth 
^^^  '  afford.     Everie  night  upon  the  foure  quarters  of  his  house 

are  foure  Sentinels  each  standing  from  other  a  flight  shoot, 
and  at  every  halfe  houre  one  from  the  Corps  due  guard 

454 


THE  DESCRIPTION   OF   VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

1607, 


doth  hollow,  unto  whom  everie  Sentinell  doth  answere 
round  from  his  stand;  if  any  faile,  they  presently  send 
forth  an  officer  that  beateth  him  extreamely. 

A  mile  from  Orapakes,  in  a  thicket  of  Wood,  hee  hath 
a  house  in  which  hee  keepeth  his  kind  of  Treasure,  as  Hh  treasurie. 
Skins,  Copper,  Pcarle,  and  Beads,  which  he  storeth  up 
against  the  time  of  his  death  and  buriall.  Here  also  is 
store  of  Red  paint  for  ointment,  and  Bowes  and  Arrowes. 
This  house  is  fiftie  or  sixtie  yards  in  length,  frequented 
onely  by  Priests.  At  the  foure  comers  of  this  house 
stand  foure  Images  as  Sentinels,  one  of  a  Dragon,  another 
a  Beare,  the  third  like  a  Leopard,  and  the  fourth  like  a 
Giant-like  man,  all  made  evill-favor^dly,  according  to  their 
best  workmanship. 

He  hath  as  many  women  as  he  will,  whereof  when  he  His  Wives. 
lieth  on  his  bed,  one  sitteth  at  his  head,  and  another  at  his 
feet,  but  when  he  sitteth,  one  sitteth  on  his  right  hand  & 
another  on  his  left.     As  he  is  weary  of  his  women,  he 
bestoweth  them  on  those  that  best  deserve  them  at  his 
hands.     When  he  dineth  or  suppeth,  one  of  his  women 
before  and  after  meat,  bringeth  him  water  in  a  woodden 
Platter  to  wash  his  hands.     Another  waiteth  with  a  bunch 
of  Feathers  to  wipe  them  insteed  of  a  Towell,  and  the 
Feathers  when  he  hath  wiped  are  dried  againe.      His 
Kingdome  descendeth  not  to  his  sonnes  nor  children,  but  His  Successors. 
first  to  his  brethren,  whereof  hee  hath  three,  namely,  TheHdeof 
Opitchapan,  Opechancanough,  and  Catataugh,  and  after  ^«^^«««»- 
their  decease  to  his  sisters.     First  to  the  eldest  sister, 
then  to  the  rest,  and  after  them  to  the  heire  male  and 
female  of  the  eldest  sister,  but  never  to  the  heires  of  the 
males. 

Hee,  nor  any  of  his  people  understand  any  letters 
whereby  to  write  or  read,  onely  the  Lawes  whereby  he 
ruleth  is  Custome.  Yet  when  hee  listeth  his  will  is  a  Their 
law,  and  must  be  obeyed :  not  only  as  a  King,  but  as  ^^tkoriAe. 
halfe  a  God  they  esteeme  him.  His  inferiour  Kings, 
whom  they  call  Werowances  are  tied  to  rule  by  customes, 
and  have  power  of  life  and  death,  as  their  command  in 

455 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

that  nature.  But  this  word  Wcrowance,  which  wc  call 
and  conster  for  a  King,  is  a  common  word  whereby  diey 
call  all  Commanders :  for  they  have  but  few  words  in  their 
language,  and  but  few  occasions  to  use  any  officers  more 
then  one  Commander,  which  conunonly  they  call  Werow- 
The  tenor  of  ances.  They  all  know  their  severall  lands,  and  habita- 
tkeir  lands,  tions,  and  limits,  to  fish,  fowle,  or  hunt  in,  but  they  hold 
all  of  their  great  Werowance  Powhatan,  unto  whom  they 
pay  tribute  of  Skins,  Beads,  Copper,  Pearle>  Deare, 
Turkies,  wild  Beasts,  and  Corne.  What  hee  conunandeth 
they  dare  not  disobey  in  the  least  thing.  It  is  strange  to 
see  with  what  great  feare  &  adoration  all  these  people  do 
obey  this  Powhatan.  For  at  his  feet  they  present  what- 
soever hee  commandeth,  at  the  least  frowne  of  his  brow, 
their  greatest  s[)irits  will  tremble  with  feare:  and  no 
marvefi,  for  hee  is  very  terrible  and  tyrannous  in  punish- 
His  manner  of  ing  such  as  ofi^end  him.  For  example,  hee  caused  certaine 
funishmenu.  malefactors  to  bee  bound  hand  and  foot,  then  having  many 
fires,  gathering  ereat  store  of  burning  coles,  they  rake 
these  coles  round  in  the  forme  of  a  cock-pit,  and  in  the 
midst  they  cast  the  ofi^enders  to  broyle  to  death.  Som- 
times  hee  causeth  the  heads  of  them  that  ofi^end  him,  to 
bee  laid  upon  the  altar  or  sacrificing  stone,  and  one  with 
clubs  beat  out  their  braines.  When  he  would  punish 
any  notorious  enemy  or  malefactor,  hee  causeth  him  to 
bee  tied  to  a  tree,  and  with  Muscle  shels,  or  Reeds,  the 
executioner  cutteth  ofi^  his  joynts  one  after  another,  ever 
casting  what  they  cut  off  mto  the  fire;  then  doth  hee 
proceed  with  Shels  and  Reeds  to  case  the  skin  from  his 
head  and  face ;  then  doe  they  rip  his  belly,  and  so  burne 
him  with  the  tree  and  all.  Thus  themselves  reported 
they  executed  George  Cassen.  Their  ordinary  correction 
is  to  beat  them  with  cudgels.  Wee  have  seene  a  man 
[IV.  ix.  kneeling  on  his  knees,  and  at  Powhatans  command,  two 
1704O  men  have  beat  him  on  the  bare  skin,  till  hee  hath  fallen 
senselesse  in  a  sound,  and  yet  never  cry  nor  complained. 
In  the  yeere  1608,  he  surprised  the  people  of  Payan- 
katank,  his  neere  neighbours  and  subjects.     The  occasion 

456 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1607. 

was  to  us  unknowne,  but  the  manner  was  thus.  First, 
he  sent  divers  of  his  men  to  lodge  amongst  them  that 
night,  then  the  Ambusacodes  invironed  ail  their  houses, 
and  at  the  hour  appointed,  they  all  fel  to  the  spoile, 
twenty  fbure  men  they  slew,  the  long  haire  of  their  one 
side  of  their  heads,  with  the  skinne  cased  off  with  shels  or 
reeds,  they  brought  away.  They  surprised  also  the 
women,  the  children,  and  the  Werowance.  All  these  they 
present  to  Powhatan.  The  Werowance,  women  and 
children  became  his  prisoners,  and  doe  him  service.  The 
lockes  of  haire  with  their  skins  he  hanged  on  a  line  unto 
two  trees.  And  thus  hee  made  ostentation  of  as  great  a 
triumph  at  Werowocomoco,  shewing  them  to  the  English 
men  that  then  came  unto  him  at  his  appointment,  they 
expecting  provision,  he  to  betray  them,  supposed  to  halte 
conquer  them  by  this  spectacle  of  his  terrible  crueltie. 

And  this  is  as  much  as  my  memory  can  call  to  mind 
worthy  of  note;  which  I  have  purposely  collected,  to 
satisfie  my  friends  of  the  true  worth  and  qualitie  of 
Virginia.  Yet  some  bad  natures  will  not  stick  to  slander 
the  Countrey,  that  will  slovenly  spit  at  all  things,  especially 
in  company  where  they  can  find  none  to  contradict  them. 
Who  though  they  were  scarce  ever  ten  miles  from  James 
Towne,  or  at  the  most  but  at  the  Falls ;  yet  holding  it  a 
great  disfi^race  that  amongst  so  much  action,  their  actions 
were  nothing,  exclaime  of  all  things,  though  they  never  Vanineof 
adventured  to  know  any  thing ;  nor  ever  did  any  thing  Effeminate 
but  devoure^e  fruits  of  other  mens  labours.  Being  for  ^'^*'^^^- 
most  part  of  such  tender  educations  and  small  experience 
in  martiall  accidents,  because  they  found  not  English 
Cities,  nor  such  faire  houses,  nor  at  their  owne  wishes 
any  of  their  accustomed  dainties,  with  Feather-beds,  and 
Down-pillowes,  Tavernes  and  Ale-houses  in  every  breath- 
ing place,  neither  such  plentie  of  Gold  and  Silver  and 
dissolute  libertie  as  they  expected,  had  little  or  no  care 
of  any  thing,  but  to  pamper  their  bellies,  to  fly  away  with 
our  Finnaces,  or  procure  their  meanes  to  returne  for 
England.     For  the  Countrey  was  to  them  a  misery,  a 

457 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1607. 

ruine,  a  death,  a  hell,  their  reports  here,  and  their  owne 
actions  were  there  according. 
Vanitieofself-      Some  Other  there  were  that  had  yeerely  stipends  to 
seeking  passe  to  and  againe  for  transportation :  who  to  keepe  the 

gkrtosos.  mystery  of  the  businesse  in  themselves,  though  they  had 
neither  time  nor  meanes  to  know  much  of  themselves; 
yet  all  mens  actions  or  relations  they  so  formally  tuned  to 
the  temporizing  times  simplicitie,  as  they  could  make 
their  ignorances  seeme  much  more,  then  all  the  true  actors 
could  oy  their  experience.  And  those  with  their  great 
wordes  deluded  the  world  with  such  strange  promises,  as 
abused  the  businesse  much  worse  then  the  rest.  For  the 
businesse  being  builded  upon  the  foundation  of  their 
fained  experience,  the  planters,  the  Money,  Tin,  and 
meanes  have  still  miscarried:  yet  they  ever  returning, 
and  the  Planters  so  farre  absent,  who  could  contradict 
their  excuses?  which  still  to  maintaine  their  vain-glory 
and  estimation,  from  time  to  time  they  have  used  such 
diligence  as  made  them  passe  for  truths,  though  nothing 
more  false.  And  that  the  adventurers  might  be  thus 
abused,  let  no  man  wonder;  for  the  wisest  living  is 
soonest  abused  by  him  that  hath  a  faire  tongue  and  a 
dissembling  heart. 
Miserieof  There   were    many    in   Virginia   meerely   projecting, 

base  idlenesse.  yerball  and  idle  contempktors,  and  those  so  devoted  to  pure 
idlenesse,  that  though  they  had  lived  two  or  three  yeeres  in 
Virginia,  lordly  necessitie  it  selfe  could  not  compel  them  to 
passe  the  Peninsula,  or  Pallisadoes  of  James  Town,  &  those 
wittie  spirits,  what  would  thev  not  affirme  in  the  behalfe 
of  our  transporters  to  get  victuall  from  their  ships,  or 
obtaine  their  good  words  in  England  to  their  passes. 
Thus  the  clamors  and  the  ignorance  of  false  informers,  arc 
sprung  those  disasters  that  sprung  in  Virginia,  and  our 
ingenious  Verbalists  were  no  lesse  plague  to  us  in  Virginia, 
then  the  Locusts  to  the  Egyptians.  For  the  labour  of 
thirtie  of  the  best  only,  preserved  in  Christianitie  by  their 
industry  the  idle  livers  of  neere  two  hundred  of  the 
rest :  who  living  neere  ten  months  of  such  naturall  meanes, 

458 


THE  DESCRIPTION  OF  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1607. 

as  the  Countrey  naturally  of  it  selfe  afforded,  notwith- 
standing all  this,  and  the  worst  fiiry  of  the  Savages,  the 
extremitie  of  sicknesse,  mutinies,  faction,  ignorances,  and 
want  of  victuall :  in  all  that  time  I  lost  but  seven  or  eight 
men,  yet  subjected  the  Savages  to  our  desired  obedience, 
and  received  contribution  fi-om  five  and  thirtie  of  their 
Kings,  to  protect  and  assist  them  against  any  that  should 
assault  them;  in  which  order  they  continued  true  and 
faithfull,  and  as  subjects  to  his  Majestie,  so  long  after  as 
I  did  governe  there,  until!  I  left  the  Countrey :  smce,  how 
thev  nave  revolted,  the  Countrey  lost,  and  againe 
replanted,  and  the  businesses  have  succeeded  from  time  to 
time,  I  refer  you  to  the  relations  of  them  returned  from 
Virginia,  that  have  beene  more  diligent  in  such  observa- 
tions, gathered  out  of  the  Writings  of  divers  of  that 
Plantation,  by  Doctor  William  Simons. 

[IV.  IX. 
Chap.  III.  1705.] 

*/  have  many 

The  proceedings  of  the  English  Colony  in  Vir-  written 
einia,  taken  faithfully  out  of  the  writings  of  '^^^'^^^¥^s 

S11  o       11      /-•        ^*  ^       t  A  r^    tf  •««     h  me^torttten 

Thomas  Studly  Cape-Merchant,  Anas  TodkiU,  ^  capt. 
Doctor    Russell,   Nathaniel    Powell,   William  ^niithand 
Phetiplace,  and  Richard  Pot,  *  Richard  WifBn,  £"^7^ 
Tho.  Abbay,  Tho.  Hope;  and  since  enlarged  hereafter 
out  of  the  Writings  of  Capt.  John  Smith,  prin-  f^^^J'fJ^'' 
cipall  Agent  and   Patient  in   these  Virginian  these  have 
Occurrents,  from  the  beginning  of  the  Planta-  alreafte  seene 
tion  1606.  till  Ann.  i6io.  somewhat  abridged.  *!^^^neaftu 
]Aptaine  Bartholomew  Gosnold,   the  first  ^^^{^V-^ 

mover  of  this  Plantation,  having  many  ^^IS!!!^^i ,,,^, 
,.  .^    ,  r  ?•     /••    °j      1    '^   ajfatresy  I  was 

yeeres  solicited  many  of  his  friends,  but  loth  to  tcearle 

found  small  assistants;    at  last  prevailed  the  Reader 

with  some  Gentlemen,  as  M.  Edward-  with  others  of 

Maria  Wingfield,  Captaine  John  Smith,  '^^J^^';^ 

and  divers  others,  who  depended  a  yeere  mover  of  the 

upon  his  projects,  but  nothing  could  be  effected,  till  by  acAon, 

459 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

i6o6-io. 

their  great  charge  and  Industrie  it  came  to  bee  appre- 
hended by  certaine  of  the  Nobilitie,  Gentrie,  and  Mer- 
chants, so  that  his  Majestie  by  his  Letters  Patents^  gave 
Commission  for  establishing  Councels,  to  direct  here^  and 
to  governe,  and  to  execute  there ;  to  effect  this,  was  spent 
another  yeere,  and  by  that  time  three  Ships  were  provided, 
one  of  one  hundred  Tuns,  another  of  fortie,  and  a  Pinnace 
of  twentie.     The  transportation  of  the  Company  was  com- 
mitted to  Captaine  Christopher  Newport,  a  Mariner  well 
practised  for  the  Westeme  parts  of  America.     But  their 
Orders  fir      orders  for  government  were  put  in  a  Box,  not  to  bee 
government,     opened,  nor  the  Governours  knowne  untill  they  arrived 
gjj^^         in  Virginia. 

JTmiralltoitk      ^^  *^^  ninteenth  of  December,  1606.  wee  set  saik,  but 

71.  by  unprosperous  winds,  were  kept  six  weekes  in  the  sight 

Godspeed       of  England ;  all  which  time,  M.  Hunt  our  Preacher,  was 

Vu^admtraU  ^  ^esSce  and  sicke,  that  few  expected  his  recoveric.     Yet 

Commanded     ^^^^^^  hee  were  but  ten  or  twelve  miles  from  his 

by  Cap.         habitation    ^the    time    we   were   in    the    Downes)    and 

Gosnol.  notwithstanaing  the  stormy  weather,  nor  the  scandalous 

Discovery        imputation  (of  some  few,  little  better  then  Atheists,  of 

admirall  with  ^^®  greatest  ranke  amongst  us)  suggested  against  him,  all 

21.      '         this  could  never  force  i^om  him  so  much  as  a  seeming 

Godly  zeaU  of  desire  to  leave  the  businesse,  but  preferred  the  Service  of 

M.  Hunt.       God,  in  so  good  a  Voyage,  before  any  affection  to  contest 

with  his  godlesse  foes,  whose  disasterous  designes  (could 

they  have  prevailed)   had  even   then  overthrowne   the 

businesse,  so  many  discontents  did  then  arise,  had  he  not 

with  the  water  of  patience,  and  his  godly  exhortations  (but 

breifly  bv  his  true  devouted  examples)  quenched  those 

flames  of  envy  and  dissention. 

Wee  watred  at  the  Canaries,  we  traded  with  the  Savages 

at  Dominica,  three  weekes  we  spent  in  refreshing  our 

selves  amongst  these  West  India  lies;    in  Gwardalupa 

.  wee  found  a  Bath  so  hot,  as  in  it  we  boiled  Porck  as  well 

ui^eqtunted  ^^  °^^^  ^^^  ^^^'  ^^  ^^  *  ^^^^'^  ^^^>  Called  Monica,  wee 
llefiiUof  tooke  from  the  Bushes  with  our  hands,  neere  two  Hogs- 
birds.  heads  of  Birds  in  three  or  foure  houres.     In  Mevis, 

460 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1 606-10. 

Mona,  and  the  Virgin  lies,  we  spent  some  time,  where- 
with a  loathsome  beast  like  a  Crocadil,  called  a  Gwayn, 
Tortoses,  Pellicans,  Parrots,  and  Fishes,  wee  daily  feasted. 
Gone  from  thence  in  search  of  Virginia,  the  Company 
was  not  a  little  discomforted,  seeing  the  Mariners  had 
three  daies  passed  their  reckoning  and  found  no  Land,  so 
that  Captaine  RatclifFe  (Captaine  of  the  Pinnace^  rather 
desired  to  beare  up  the  Helme  to  returne  for  ffngland, 
then  make  further  search.  But  God  the  guider  of  all 
good  actions,  forcing  them  by  an  extreame  storme  to  Hull 
all  night,  did  drive  them  by  his  providence  to  their  desired 
Port,  beyond  all  their  expectations,  for  never  any  of  them 
had  seene  that  Coast.  The  first  Land  they  made,  thev  Their  first 
called  Cape  Henry;  where  anchoring,  M.  Wingfielcl,  ^»^'>?- 
Gosnoll,  and  Newport,  with  thirtie  others,  recreating  them- 
selves on  shoare,  Were  assaulted  by  five  Savagfes,  who 
hurt  two  of  the  English  very  dangerously.  That  night 
was  the  Box  opened,  and  the  orders  read,  in  which 
Bartholomew  Gosnoll,  Edward  Wingfield,  Christopher 
Newport,  John  Smith,  John  Ratli£Fe,  John  Martin,  and 
George  Kendall,  were  named  to  be  the  Councell,  and  to 
chuse  a  President  amongst  them  for  a  yeere,  who  with 
the  Councell  should  governe.  Matters  of  moment  were  Matters  of 
to  be  examined  by  a  Jury,  but  determined  by  the  Major  s^emment. 
part  of  the  Councell,  in  which  the  President  had  two 
voices.  Untill  the  thirteenth  of  May  they  sought  a  place 
to  plant  in,  then  the  Councell  was  sworne,  M.  Wingfield 
was  chosen  President,  and  an  Oration  made,  why  Captaine 
Smith  was  not  admitted  to  the  Councell  as  the  rest. 

Now  falleth  every  man  to  worke,  the  Councell  contrive 
the  Fort,  the  rest  cut  downe  Trees  to  make  place  to  pitch 
their  Tents ;  some  provide  Clap-board  to  relade  the  Ships, 
some  make  Gardens,  some  Nets,  &c.  The  Savages  often 
visited  us  kindly.  The  Presidents  overweening  jealousie 
would  admit  no  exercise  at  Armes,  or  Fortification,  but  the 
Boughs  of  Trees  cast  together  in  the  forme  of  a  halfe 
Moone,  by  the  extraordinary  j>aine  and  diligence  of 
Captaine   Kendall,   Newport,   with   Smith,   ancf  twentie 

461 


i6o6-ia 

Tki  discovirii 
of  the  Fob  and 
Powhatan, 
[IV.  ix. 

1706.] 


ThiFm 
assaulted  by 
the  Savages. 
I  have  also  M, 
Wingfields 
notes  of  these 
affaires:  hut 
would  not 
trouble  the 
Reader  here 
with  things 
more  then 
troublesome 
there. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

others,  were  sent  to  discover  the  head  of  the  River :  by 
divers  small  habitations  they  passed,  in  sixe  dayes  they 
arrived  at  a  Towne  called  Powhatan,  consisting  of  some 
twelve  houses  pleasantly  seated  on  a  Hill ;  before  it  three 
fertill  lies,  about  it  many  of  their  Cornfields,  the  place  is 
very  pleasant,  and  strong  by  nature,  of  this  place  the 
Prince  is  called  Powhatan,  and  his  people  Powhatans,  to 
this  place  the  River  is  Navigable,  but  higher  within  a 
mile,  by  reason  of  the  Rockes  and  lies,  there  is  not 
passage  for  a  small  Boat,  this  they  call  the  Falls,  the  people 
in  all  parts  kindly  intreated  them,  till  being  returned 
within  twentie  miles  of  James  Towne,  they  gave  just  cause 
of  jealousie,  but  had  God  not  blessed  me  discoverers 
otherwise  then  those  at  the  Fort,  there  had  then  beene  an 
end  of  that  Plantation ;  for  at  the  Fort,  where  they  arrived 
the  next  day,  they  found  seventeene  men  hurt,  and  a  boy 
slaine  by  the  Savages,  and  had  it  not  chanced  a  crosse  Bar 
shot  from  the  Ships  strooke  downe  a  Bough  from  a  Tree 
amongst  them,  that  caused  them  to  retire,  our  men  had 
all  beene  slaine,  being  securely  all  at  worke,  and  their 
Armes  in  Dry-fiits.  rleereupon  the  President  was  con- 
tented the  Fort  should  be  pallisadoed,  the  Ordnance 
mounted,  his  men  armed  and  exercised,  for  many 
were  the  assaults,  and  Ambuscadoes  of  the  Savages, 
and  our  men  by  their  disorderly  stragling  were  often 
hurt,  when  the  Savages  by  the  nimblenesse  of  their  heeles 
well  escaped.  What  toile  we  had,  with  so  small  a  power 
to  guard  our  workemen  adayes,  watch  aU  night,  resist  our 
enemies,  and  effect  our  businesse,  to  relade  the  Ships,  cut 
downe  Trees,  and  prepare  the  ground  to  plant  our  Corne, 
&c.  I  refer  to  the  Readers  consideration.  Six  weekes 
being  spent  in  this  manner ;  Captaine  Newport  (who  was 
hired  onely  for  our  transportation)  was  to  returne  with 
the  Ships. 

Now  Captaine  Smith  (who  all  this  time  from  their 
departure  from  the  Canaries)  was  restrained  as  a  prisoner 
upon  the  scandalous  suggestions  of  some  of  the  chiefe 
(envying  his  repute)  who  fained  he  intended  to  usurpe 

463 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 

the  government,  murder  the  Councell,  and  make  himselfe 
King,  that  his  confederates  were  dispersed  in  all  the  three 
Ships,  and  that  divers  of  his  confederates  that  revealed  it, 
would  afiirme  it;  for  this  he  was  committed,  thirteene 
weekes  hee  remained  thus  suspected,  and  by  that  time  the 
Ships  should  returne,  they  pretended,  out  of  their  com- 
misserations,  to  referre  him  to  the  Councell  in  England 
to  receive  a  check,  rather  then  by  particulating  his 
designes  make  him  so  odious  to  the  world,  as  to  touch 
his  life,  or  utterly  overthrow  his  reputation ;  but  he  much 
scorned  their  charitie,  and  publikeiy  defied  the  uttermost 
of  their  crueltie,  hee  wisely  prevented  their  policies, 
though  hee  could  not  suppresse  their  envies,  yet  so  well 
hee  demeaned  himselfe  in  this  businesse,  as  all  the  Com- 
pany did  see  his  innocencie,  and  his  adversaries  malice, 
and  those  which  had  beene  subborned  to  accuse  him, 
accused  his  accusers  of  subornation ;  many  untruths  were 
alledged  against  him ;  but  being  so  apparantly  disproved, 
begat  a  generall  hatred  in  the  hearts  of  the  Company 
against  such  unjust  Commanders;  many  were  the  mis- 
chiefes  that  daily  sprung  from  their  ignorant  (yet 
ambitious)  spirits ;  but  the  good  doctrine  and  exhortation 
of  our  Preacher  Master  Hunt  reconciled  them,  and  caused 
Captaine  Smith  to  be  admitted  of  the  Councell:  the 
next  day  all  received  the  Communion,  the  day  following 
the  Savages  voluntarily  desired  peace,  and  Captaine 
Newport  returned  for  England  with  newes;  leaving  in  CaptNeto- 
Virginia  one  hundred,  the  fifteenth  of  June  1607.  ^^^e^^a 

The  names  of  them  that  were  the  first  planters,  were  ^^   ^i  ^  - 
these  following.     Master  Edward-Maria  Wingfield,  Cap- 
taine Bartholomew  Gosnoll,  Capt.  John  Smith,  Capt.  John 
RatclifFe,    Cap.    John    Martin,    Capt.    George   Kendall, 
Councellors. 

M.  George  Piercy,  M.  Robert  Hunt  Preacher,  Anthony 
Gosnoll,  Capt.  Gabrill  Archer,  Rob.  Ford,  William 
Brustar,  Dru  Pickhouse,  John  Brookes,  Thomas  Sands, 
John  Robinson,  Ustis  Clovill,  Kellam  Throgmorton, 
N^thanieJl  Powell,  Robert  Behethland,  Jeremy  AKcock, 

4^3 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1 606-10. 

Thomas  Studley,  Richard  Crofts,  Nicholas  Houlgrave, 
Thomas  Webbe,  John  Waler,  William  Tankard,  Francis 
Snarsbrough,  Edward  Brookes,  Richard  Dixon,  John 
Martin,  George  Martin,  Anthony  Gosnold,  Thomas 
Wotton,  Seirg.  Thomas  Gore,  Francis  Midwinter,  Gentle- 
men. 

William  Laxon,  Edward  Pising,  Tho.  Emry,  Rob. 
Small,  Carpenters.     Anas  Todkill,  John  Capper. 

James  Kead,  Blacksmith.  Jonas  Profit,  Sailer.  Tho. 
Couper,  Barber.  John  Herd,  Brick-layer.  William 
Garret,  Brick-layer.  Edward  Brusto,  Mason.  William 
Love,  Taylor.     Nic.  Skot,  Drum. 

John  Laydon,  William  Cassen,  George  Cassen,  Tho. 
Cassen,  William  Rods,  William  White,  Ould  Edward, 
Henry  Tavin,  George  Golding,  John  Dods,  Will.  John- 
son, Will.  Unger,  Labourers.    Will.  Wilkinson,  Surgeon. 

Samuell  CoUier,  Nat.  Pecock,  James  Brumfield,  Kich. 
Mutton,  with  divers  others  to  the  number  of  one  hundred 
and  five. 


^'v/jt     15 ^^'^S  ^^^^  ^^^  ^^  ^^^  fortunes,  it  fortuned  that  within 
f  fupp/l  ^    '*^  ^^^  dayes,  scarce  ten  amongst  us  could  either  goe, 


Pf^Jia/  hap- 
pened till  th 

Chap.  2.        or  well  Stand,  such  extreame  weaknesse  and  sicknesse 

The  occasion  of  oppressed  US.     And  thereat  none  need  marvell,  if  they 

sicknesse.        consider  the  cause  and  reason,  which  was  this;    whilest 

the  ships  stayed,  our  allowance  was  somewhat  bettered, 

The  Sailers     by  a  daily  proportion  of  bisket  which  the  Saylers  would 

abuses.  pilfer  to   sell,  give  or  exchange  with  us,   for  money, 

saxefi:^s,  furres,  or  love.     But  when  they  departed,  there 

remained   neither  Taveme,   Beere-house,   nor   place  of 

reliefe  but  the  common  kettell.     Had  we  beene  as  free 

fi-om  all  sinnes  as  gluttony,  and  drunkennesse,  we  might 

have  beene  canonized  for  Saints:     But  our  President 

would  never  have  beene  admitted,  for  ingrossing  to  his 

private,  Otemeale,  Sack,  Oile,  Aquavitae,  Beefe,  Egges, 

[IV.  ix.         or  what  not,  but  the  kettel ;  that  indeed  he  allowed  equally 

^7^7'^  to  be  distributed,  and  that  was  halfe  a  pinte  of  Wheat, 

and  as  much  Barly  boiled  with  water  for  a  man  a  day, 

464 


OCCURRENTS  IN   VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

1606-IO. 


and  this  having  fryed  some  six  and  twentie  weekes  in 
the  ships  hold,  contained  as  many  wormes  as  graines ;  so 
that  wee  might  truely  call  it  rather  so  much  Bran  then 
Corne,  our  (kinke  was  water,  our  lodgings  castles  in  aire, 
with  this  lodging  and  diet,  our  extreame  toile  in  bearing 
and  planting  PaUisadoes,  so  strained  and  bruised  us,  and 
our  continuall  labour  in  the  extreamitie  of  heat  had  so 
weakned  us,  as  were  cause  sufficient  to  have  made  us  as 
miserable  in  our  native  Countrey,  or  any  other  place  in 
the  world.  From  May,  to  September,  those  that  escaped 
lived  upon  Sturgion,  and  Sea-Crabs;  fiftie  in  this  time 
we  buried:  The  rest  seeing  the  Presidents  projects  to  A  had 
escape  these  miseries  in  our  Pinnace  by  flight  (who  all  Prisident. 
this  time  had  neither  felt  want  nor  sicknesse)  so  moved 
our  dead  spirits,  as  wee  deposed  him;  and  established 
RatdiflFe  in  his  place,  (Gosnoll  being  dead)  Kendall 
deposed.  Smith  newly  recovered,  Martin  and  RatclifFe 
was  by  his  care  preserved  and  relieved,  but  now  was  all 
oiu-  provision  spent,  the  Sturgeon  gone,  aU  helpes  aban- 
doned, each  houre  expecting  the  fury  of  the  Savages; 
when  God,  the  Patron  of  all  good  indeavours  in  that 
desperat  extreamitie,  so  changed  the  hearts  of  the  Savages, 
that  they  brought  such  plentie  of  their  fruits  and  pro-  PUntie 
vision,  as  no  man  wanted.  unexpected. 

The  new  President,  and  Martin,  being  little  beloved ; 
of  weake  judgement  in  dangers,  and  lesse  industry  in 
peace,  committed  the  managing  of  all  things  abroad  to 
taptaine  Smith :  who  by  his  owne  example,  good  words, 
and  faire  promises,  set  some  to  mow,  others  to  binde 
thatch,  some  to  build  houses,  others  to  thatch  them,  him-  The  building 
selfe  alwaies  bearing  the  greatest  taske  for  his  owne  share,  ofJamestotvn. 
so  that  in  short  time  he  provided  most  of  them  lodgings, 
neglecting  any  for  himselfe.  This  done,  seeing  the 
Savages  superfluitie  begin  to  decrease  (with  some  of  his 
workmen)  hee  shipped  himselfe  in  the  shallop  to  search 
the  Countrey  for  trade,  the  want  of  the  language,  know- 
ledge to  mannage  his  Boat  without  Sailers,  the  want  of 
sufficient  power  (knowing  the  multitude  of  the  Savages) 


XVI 1 1 


465 


2G 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

i6o6-io. 

apparell  for  his  men,  and  other  necessaries,  were  infinite 
impediments,  yet  no  discouragement.  Being  but  sixe  or 
seven  in  company,  hee  went  downe  the  River  to 
Kecoughtan,  where  at  first  they  scorned  him,  as  a  starved 
C.  SmitA.  man ;  and  would  in  derision  oflf'er  him  a  handfiill  of 
Corne,  or  a  piece  of  Bread  for  their  Swords  and  Muskets, 
and  such  like  proportions  also  for  their  apparell.  But 
seeing  by  trade  there  was  nothing  to  be  had,  necessitie 
forced  him  to  exceed  his  Commission,  and  to  use  his 
Muskets  to  another  kind  of  trading,  which  made  these 
deriders  flye  to  the  Woods.  Hee  hasted  to  their  houses, 
and  found  store  of  Corne  from  which  the  hungry  Souldiers 
were  hardly  detained,  in  hastier  spoile  to  have  betrayed 
themselves  to  the  returning  Savages  assault.  This  sixtie 
or  seventy  did  presently,  with  hSeous  noise  to  the  earc, 
and  manifold  colours  painted  to  the  eye,  singing  and 
dancing  with  their  Okee  (which  was  an  Idol  made  with 
skins,  stuffed  with  mosse,  all  painted  and  hanged  with 
Chaines  and  Copper,  borne  before  them)  and  being  well 
armed  with  Clubs,  Targets,  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  they 
charged  the  English,  who  so  kindly  received  them  with 
their  Muskets  loaden  with  PistoU  shot,  that  downe  fell 
their  God,  and  divers  of  his  worshippers  lay  sprauling 
on  the  ground,  the  rest  flying  to  the  Woods.  Soone 
after  they  sent  one  of  their  Quiyoughcasucks  to  offer 
peace,  and  redeeme  their  Okee.  Smith  agreed  that  if 
onely  sixe  would  come  unarmed  and  load  nis  Boat  with 
Corne,  hee  would  be  their  friend,  restore  their  Okee,  and 
give  them  also  Beads,  Copper,  Hatchets ;  which  on  both 
sides  was  performed  to  mutuaU  content,  and  they  brought 
him  (singing  and  dansing)  Venison,  Turkeys,  wild  Fowle, 
The  beg^nn'tng  Bread,  &c.  In  his  returne  hee  discovered  and  kindly 
abrMd  traded  with  the  Weraskoyks,  in  the  meane  time  those 

at  the  Fort  so  glutted  the  Savages  with  their  commodities 
as  thev  became  not  regarded. 

Smith  perceiving  (notwithstanding  their  late  misery) 
not  any  regarded  but  from  hand  to  mouth  (the  company 
being  well  recovered)  caused  the  Pinnace  to  bee  provided 

466 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

i6o6-io» 
with  things  fitting  to  get  provision  for  the  yeere  following ; 
but  in  the  interim  he  made  three  or  foure  journeys  and 
discovered  the  people  of  Chickahamine,  yet  what  hee  The  Mscwery 
carefully  provided  the  rest  carelesly  spent.     Wingfield  ofC^kaha- 
and  Kendall  living  in  disgrace^  seeing  all  things  at  ran-  ^^^' 
dome  in  the  absence  of  Smith.     The  Companies  dislike 
of  their  Presidents  weaknesse,  and  their  small  love  to 
Martins   never-mending   sicknesse,    strengthened   them- 
selves with  the  Sailers,  and  other  confederates  to  regaine 
their  former  credit  and  authoritie,  or  at  least  such  meanes 
aboard  the  Pinnace  (being  fitted  to  saile  as  Smith  had 
appointed  for  trade)  to  alter  her  course  and  to  goe  for 
England.     Smith  unexpectedly  returning  had  the  plot 
discovered  unto  him,  much  trouble  hee  had  to  prevent 
it,  till  with  store  of  Fauken  and  Musket  shot  hee  forced 
them  to  SX3LJ  or  sinke  in  the  River,  which  action  cost 
the    life    or    Captaine    Kendall.      The    President    and 
Captaine  Archer  not  long  after  intended  also  to  have 
abandoned  the  Countrey,  which  project  also  was  curbed  ^inotker 
and    suppressed    by    Smith.     And    now    the    Winter  ^^^V^ . 
approaching,  the  Rivers  became  so  covered  with  Swans,  ^^^^^  ' 
Geese,  Ducks,  and  Cranes,  that  wee  daily  feasted  with  winur 
good  Bread,  Virginia  Pease,  Pumpions,  and  Putchamins,  FwoUs, 
Fish,  Fowle,  anadivers  sorts  of  wild  Beasts  as  fat  as  wee 
could    eate    them:     so    that    none    of    our   TuftafFatie 
humorists  desired  to  goe  for  England.    But  our  Comaedies 
never   endured   long   without   a  Tragedie;     some   idle 
exceptions  being  muttered  against  Captaine  Smith,  for 
not  discovering  the  head  of  Chickahammc  river,  &  taxed 
by  the  Councel,  to  be  too  slow  in  so  worthy  an  attempt. 
The  next  voyage  hee  proceeded  so  far,  that  with  much 
labour  by  cuttmg  off  Trees  in   sunder  hee  made  his 
passage,  but  when  his  Barge  could  passe  no  farther,  hee 
left  her  in  a  broad  Bay  out  of  danger  of  shot,  commanding 
none  should  goe  ashoare  till  his  retxu-ne :    himselfe  with  [IV.  ix. 
two  English  and  two  Savages  went  up  higher  in  a  Canowe,  1708.] 

but  hee  was  not  long  absent,  but  his  men  went  ashoare, 
whose   want   of  government,   gave   both   occasion   and 

467 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

opportunity  to  the  Savages  to  surprize  one  Geoi^ 
Casson,  and  much  failed  not  to  have  cut  off  the  Boate 
and  all  the  rest. 

The   Savages  having   drawne   from   George    Casson, 

whither  Captaine  Smith  was  gone,  followed  him  with 

three  himdred  Bowmen,  conducted  by  Opechankanough 

the  King  of  Pamaunke ;   who  searching  the  divisions  of 

the  River,  found  Robinson  and  Emerv  by  the  fire  side, 

Cap.  Smith     whom  they  shot  full  of  Arrowes  and  slew.     Smith  being 

malted  and     assaulted,  slew  three  of  them,  and  so  galled  the  rest  that 

**•  they  would  not  come  neere :    he  used  the  Savage  his 

guide  as  a  shield,  having  bound  him  to  his  arme  with  his 

garters ;  and  thinking  to  have  recovered  his  Boate,  having 

more  eye  to  them  in  his  march  then  to  his  way,  he  slipped 

up  to  the  middle  in  an  ozie  creeke,  and  his  Savage  with 

him ;  yet  durst  they  not  come  to  him  till  he  threw  away 

his  armes,  being  neere  dead  with  cold.     Then  according 

to  composition  they  drew  him  forth,  and  led  him  to  the 

fire,  where  his  men  were  slaine.     Diligently  they  chafed 

his  benummed  limbes;   and  he  gave  Opechankanough  a 

Diall  admired  round    Ivory    double    compassed    DiaU.      They    much 

ofSavaffs.      marvelled  at  the  playing  of  the  flye  which  they  could  see 

and  not  touch,  by  reason  of  the  Glasse  cover ;  but  when 

he  had  read  a  Cosmographicall  lecture  to  them  of  the 

Skies,  Earth,  Day,  and  night,  with  the  varietie  of  Nations, 

and  such  like,  they  were  all  amazed:     notwithstanding 

which  sudden  wonder,  they  tide  him  to  a  tree  within  an 

houre  after,  as  many  as  could  stand  about  him  prepared 

their  fataU  Arrowes  to  his  death,  which  were  all  laid  downe 

when  Opechankanough  held  up  the  said  Diall :    and  they 

led  him  in  a  kinde  of  triumph  to  Oropaxe. 

Savage  Their  order  was  this :    drawing  themselves  all  in  file, 

triumphy         the  King  in  the  midst  had  all  their  Peeces  and  Swords 

^alUmtn^    borne  before  him :    Captaine  Smith  was  led  after  him  by 

three  great  lubbers,  holding  him  fast ;  on  each  side  went 

six  in  file,  with  their  Arrowes  nocked.    When  they  arrived 

at  the  Towne  (which  was  of  thirty  or  forty  hunting  houses 

made  of  Mats,  removed  at  pleasure,  as  Tents  with  us) 

468 


OCCUilRENTS  IN  VIJftGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 

the  women  and  children  came  to  stare  on  him;  the 
Souldiers  in  file  had  their  Sorgiants  to  keepe  them  in 
order.  A  good  while  they  thus  continued,  and  then  cast 
themselves  into  a  ring,  dancing  in  severall  postvires,  and 
singing  hellish  noates,  strangely  painted,  each  having  his 
Quiver  of  Arrowes,  and  at  his  backe  a  Clubbe.;  on  his 
arme  a  Foxes  or  Otters  Skinne  for  his  vambrace,  their 
heads  and  shoulders  painted  red  with  Oyle  and  Pocones 
mingled  together,  his  Bowe  in  his  hand,  and  the  Skinne 
of  a  Bird,  with  her  wings  abroad,  dried,  tied  on  his  head, 
with  a  peece  of  Copper,  a  white  Shell,  a  lon^  Fether,  and 
a  small  Rattle  growing  at  the  taile  of  their  Snakes,  or 
some  such  toy  fastened  thereto.  All  this  while  Smith 
stood  with  the  King  guarded  in  the  midst,  till  three  dances 
being  done,  they  departed.  Then  did  they  conduct  Smith 
to  a  long  house,  where  thirty  or  forty  men  guarded  him, 
and  soone  after  was  brought  more  Bread  and  Venison  Their 
then  would  have  served  twenty:  what  he  left  they  put  fiasdng- 
in  Baskets  and  tied  over  his  head,  which  about  midnight  ^^^^^' 
they  againe  set  before  him,  none  of  them  eating  ought 
with  him,  till  having  brought  as  much  more  the  next 
morning,  they  did  eate  the  old,  and  reserved  the  new 
in  like  manner.  Hce  thought  they  intended  to  fat  and 
eate  him. 

One  Maocassater,  in  requitall  of  Beads  which  he  had 
given  him,  brought  him  his  Gowne  to  defend  him  from 
the  cold.  Another  was  possessed  with  a  contrary  humour, 
and  would  have  slaine  him  for  the  death  of  his  sonne, 
had  not  the  guard  prevented ;  to  him,  yet  breathing  his 
last,  they  brought  him  to  recover  him.  Smith  told  them 
that  at  James  Towne  he  had  a  water  that  wo\dd  doe  it, 
if  they  woxild  let  him  fetch  it.  But  they  prepared  to 
assault  James  Towne,  promising  him  liberty,  and  women, 
if  he  would  assist  them.  In  part  of  a  Table  Booke  he 
writ  his  minde  to  those  which  were  at  the  Fort ;  that  they 
should  send  such  things  mentioned.  They  went  in  bitter 
weather  for  Frost  and  Snow,  and  seeing  men  sally  out, 
as  he  had  before  told  them,  they  fled;    but  comming 

469 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606-10. 
Savage  againe  in  the  night  to  the  place  which  he  had  appointed, 

sin^licity.  for  an  answer,  they  found  things  ready,  and  speedily 
retxirned,  as  if  either  he  had  divined,  or  the  paper  had 
spoken. 

After  this,  they  led  him  to  the  Youghtanunds,  the 
Matapanients,  the  Payankatiks,  the  Nantaughtacunds,  the 
Onanmanients,  upon  the  Rivers  of  Rapalianocke,  and 
Patanomecke,  and  backe  againe  by  divers  other  Nations, 
to  the  Kings  habitation  at  Pamaunk,  where  they  enter- 
Rites  of  tained  him  with  strange  conjurations.  Earely  in  a  mom- 
Conjuratm,  j^g  a  great  fire  was  made  in  a  long  house,  a  Mat  spred 
on  each  side ;  on  one  of  which  he  was  set,  the  guard  went 
out,  and  in  came  a  great  grim  fellow  skipping,  all  painted 
with  cole  mingled  with  Oyle,  many  Snakes  and  Weesels 
skins  stuffed  with  Mosse,  their  tailes  tied  together,  and 
meeting  on  the  crowne  of  his  head;  round  about  the 
tassell  was  a  coronet  of  Fethers ;  the  skins  hung  roimd 
about  his  head,  shoulders,  backe  and  face :  With  a  hellish 
voyce,  strange  gestvires  and  passions,  with  a  Ratde  in  his 
hand,  hee  began  his  invocation,  and  environed  the  fire 
with  a  circle  of  Meale.  After  this,  three  such  other  divels 
rushed  in  with  like  trickes,  painted  halfe  blacke,  haUe 
red,  all  their  eyes  painted  white,  with  some  red  stroakes 
along  their  cheekes.  These  having  danced  a  prettie 
while,  three  more  came  in  as  ugly  as  the  rest,  with  red 
eyes  and  white  stroakes  over  their  blacke  faces.  At  last 
they  all  sat  downe  right  against  him,  the  chiefe  Priest 
in  the  midst,  and  three  on  each  hand.  All  then  with 
their  Rattles  began  a  song ;  which  ended,  the  chiefe  Priest 
laid  downe  five  Wheate  cornes :  and  straining  his  armes 
and  hand  with  such  violence,  that  he  swet,  and  his  veines 
swelled :  hee  began  a  short  Oration ;  at  the  conclusion 
whereof  they  gave  a  short  groane,  and  then  laid  downe 
[IV.  IX.  three  graines  more.  Now  they  began  their  Song  againe, 
'7<^9-]  and  then  another  Oration,  ever  laying  downe  so  many 
cornes  as  before,  till  they  had  twice  encircled  the  fire. 
That  done,  they  take  a  bunch  of  little  stickes,  prepared 
for  that  purpose,  and  at  the  end  of  every  Song  and  Oration 

470 


OCCURRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


Savage 
Geogrifhy. 

GtmpotoJer 
sowne. 


laid  dowtie  a  sticke  betwixt  the  divisions  of  the  Corne. 
Till  night,  neither  he  nor  they  did  eate  or  drinke,  and 
then  they  feasted  merrily  with  their  best  provisions. 
Three  dayes  they  used  this  Ceremonie,  thereby  to  know 
(as  they  said)  whether  hee  intended  them  well  or  no.  The 
circle  of  meale  signified  their  Countrey,  the  two  circles 
of  Corne  the  Sea-bounds ;  and  the  stickes  his  Countrey. 
They  imagined  the  World  to  be  flat  and  round  like  a 
trencher,  and  themselves  in  the  midst.  After  this,  they 
brought  him  a  bigge  of  Powder,  which  they  carefuDy 
preserved  till  the  next  spring,  to  plant  as  they  did  their 
Corne,  because  they  would  be  acquainted  with  the  natvire 
of  that  seede. 

Opitchapam  the  Kings  brother,  invited  him  to  his 
house,  where  hee  welcommed  him  with  as  many  Platters 
of  Bread,  Fowle  and  wilde  Beasts,  as  did  encompasse  him : 
but  not  any  would  eate  with  him,  reserving  the  remainders 
in  Baskets.  At  his  returne  to  Opechankanoughs,  all  the 
Kings  women  and  their  children  flocked  about  him,  as 
for  their  customary  due,  to  be  merry  with  such  fragments. 
At  last  they  brought  him  to  Werowocomoco  to  Pohatan, 
where  above  two  hundred  of  his  Courtiers  stood  wondring 
on  him,  till  Pohatan  and  his  traine  had  put  themselves 
in  their  greatest  bravery.  BefcM-e  a  fire  hee  sat  on  a  seate 
like  a  bedsted,  covered  with  a  great  robe  made  of 
Rarowcun  Skinnes,  all  the  tailes  hanging  by:  on  each 
hand  did  sit  a  yong  wench  of  sixteene  or  eighteene  veeres 
of  age ;  along  on  each  side  the  house  two  rowes  of  men, 
and  behinde  them  as  many  women,  with  all  their  heads 
and  shoulders  painted  red,  many  of  their  heads  bedecked 
with  the  white  downe  of  Birds,  every  one  adorned  with 
some  thing,  a  great  chaine  also  of  white  Beades  about 
their  neckes.  At  his  entrance  before  the  King  all  the  iVtide royalty, 
people  gave  a  great  shout.  The  Queene  of  Appanatuckc 
was  appointed  to  bring  water  to  wash  his  hands,  another 
brought  him  a  bunch  of  Feathers  instead  of  a  Towell  to 
drie  them.  Having  feasted  him  in  their  best  manner, 
they  held  a  consultation,  in  conclusion  whereof,  two  great 

471 


He  is  brought 
to  Pohatan, 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 


Pocahuntas 
savith  his  life, 


occi^atiws. 


Stones  were  brought  before  Pohataii)  and  as  many  as 
could  lay  hold  on  nim  dragged  him  to  them,  and  thereon 
laid  his  head,  being  ready  with  their  clubbes  to  beate  out 
^is  braines.  Pocahuntas  the  Kings  dearest  Daughter^ 
when  no  intreatie  would  prevaile,  got  his  head  into  her 
armes,  and  laid  her  owne  upon  his  to  save  him  from 
death:  whereupon  the  Emperour  was  contented  hee 
should  live  to  make  him  Hatchets,  and  Beads,  Bels,  and 
Copper  for  her.  For  they  thought  him  like  themselves, 
All  men  of  all  of  all  occupations;  the  King  himselfe  making  his  owne 
Robes,  Shooes,  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Pots,  Planting  also, 
Hunting,  and  doing  Offices,  no  lesse  then  the  rest. 

Two  dayes  after,  Pohatan  having  disguised  himseUe 
in  the  dreaudfuUest  manner,  caused  Captaine  Smith  to  be 
brought  forth  to  a  great  house  in  the  woods,  and  there 
upon  a  Mat  by  the  fire  to  bee  left  alone.  Not  long  after 
firom  behinde  a  Mat  which  divided  the  house,  was  made 
the  dolefuUest  noise  that  ever  hee  had  heard.  After  this 
Pohatan  with  twenty  more  as  bladce  as  himselfe  came  unto 
him,  and  told  him  that  they  weiie  now  friends,  and 
presently  hee  should  goc  to  James  Towne  to  send  him 
two  great  Gunnes  and  a  Grindstone,  for  which  hee  would 
give  him  the  Countrey  of  Capahowosick,  and  for  ever 
esteeme  him  as  his  Sonne  Nantaquaus.  Hee  sent  him 
thither  with  twelve  guides.  When  they  came  to  the 
Fort,  Smith  used  the  Savages  kindely,  and  shewed  Raw- 
hunt,  Pohatans  trusty  servant  two  Demiculverins  and  a 
Milstone  to  carry  to  Pohatan ;  somewhat  too  heavie  for 
their  carriage.  But  when  they  saw  him  discharge  them 
loden  with  stones,  on  the  boughes  of  a  great  tree  hanging 
full  of  isickles,  the  Ice  and  boughes  comming  downc  with 
such  furie,  the  Savages  were  halfe  dead  witn  feare ;  and 
at  last  returning  contented  with  toics  and  presents  for 
Pohatan,  his  women  and  children.  This  his  returning 
safe  to  the  Port,  once  more  staled  the  Pinnace  her  fli^t 
for  England,  which  till  his  returne,  could  not  set  saile, 
so  extreame  was  the  weather,  and  so  great  the  Frost. 

His  relation  of  the  plenty  he  had  scene,  e^ecially  at 

472 


The  third 
project  to 
abandon  the 
Fort. 


OCCURRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 
WerowocomocO)  where  inhabited  Powhatan  (that  till  that 
time  was  unknowne)  so  revived  againe  their  dead  spirits, 
as  all  mens  feare  was  abandoned,  Powhatan  having  sent 
with  this  Captaine  divers  of  his  men  loaded  with  pro- 
vision, hee  had  conditioned,  and  so  wpointed  his  trustie 
Messengers  to  bring  but  two  or  three  of  our  great 
Ordnances;  but  the  Messengers  being  satisfied  with  the 
sight  of  one  of  them  discharged,  ran  away  amazed  with 
feare,  tiU  meanes  were  used  with  gifts  to  assure  them  our 
loves. 

A  LI  this  time  our  cares  were  not  so  much  to  abandon  Thearrivallof 
the  Countrie,  but  the  Treasurer  and  Counsell  in  tkefirstsupply 
England,  were  as  diligent  and  carefuU  to  supply  us.     Two  ^^^^  'jf^'* 
tall  Shippes  they  sent  us,  with  neere  one  hundred  men,  J^^re^^^e. 
well  furnished  with  all  things  could  be  imagined  necessary,  CAap.  3. 
both  for  them  and  us.     The  one  commanded  by  Captaine 
Newport :    the  other  by  Captaine  Nelson,  an  honest  man 
and  an  expert  Marriner,  but  such  was  the  leewardnesse 
of  his  Ship  (that  though  he  were  within  sight  of  Cape 
Henry)  by  stormy  contrary  windes,  was  forced  so  ferre  to  TAe  Phenix 
Sea,  as  the  West  Indies  was  the  next  land  for  the  repaire  ^^  ^^ 
of  his  Masts,  and  reliefe  of  wood  and  water.     But  Cap-  ^^7^f 
tame  Newport  got  m,  and  arrived  at  James  Towne,  not  indies, 
long  after  the  redemption  of  Captaine  Smith,  to  whom 
the  Savages  every  other  day  brought  such  plenty  of  Bread, 
Fish,  Turkies,  Squirrels,  Deere,  and  other  wilde  Beasts, 
part  they  gave  him  as  presents  from  the  King ;   the  rest, 
he  as  their  market  Clarke  set  the  price  how  they  should 
sell. 

So  he  had  inchanted  those  poore  soules  (being  their  [iv.  ix. 
Prisoner)  in  demonstrating  unto  them  the  roundnesse  of  i7»o] 

the  World,  the  course  of  the  Moone  and  Starres,  the 
cause  of  the  day  and  night,  the  largenesse  of  the  Seas, 
the  qualities  of  our  ships,  shot  and  powder :  The  division 
of  the  World,  with  the  diversitie  of  people,  their  com- 
plexions, customes  and  conditions.  Ail  which  he  fained  HwoC.Zmiih 
to  be  under  the  command  of  Captaine  Newport,  whom  ip^^^^^i^rty. 

473 


\ 

A^D.  PURCHi*  \;  PILGRIMES 

stones  were  brou'/^  ^r;    of   whose  arrive" 

could  lay  hold  or  ed,  as  thev  esteer 

laid  his  head,  \y^^  tiot  only  save 

^lis  braines.    ;|  *  had  ther 

when  no  inf/'|^  ^  what  ' 

Pocahuntas      armes,  and^'  % "       S.^  ^h 

/tfT^/i  4w  ZjT^.  death  :     V  '  *&  .*dO  u 

should  i;  ^e  Smith. 

^PP^  ^ouncell  so  much  en\. 

All  men  0f  all  of  al^  ^^  Savages  (though  wee  aU  in 

occupatim.      Roh  ^^^  with  liim  of  the  good  thereof)  . 

"  .ght  it  into  their  understandings,  by  their  great 

.c  in  giving  foure  times  more  for  their  Commodities 

.n  he  appointed,  that  their  greatnesse  and  authentic, 

as  much  exceeded  his,  as  their  bountie  and  liberalitie; 

^^  Now  the  arrivall  of  his  first  supply,  so  over-joyed  us,  that 

v!^/.    wee  could  not  devise  too  much  to  please  the  Mariners. 

^j^^    Wee   gave   them   libertie   to  trucke   or   trade   at   their 

/S^5^'    pleasures.     But  in  a  short  time,  it  followed,  that  that 

ff^^      could  not  be  had  for  a  pound  of  Copper,  which  before 

^ttdthe      was  sold  for  an  ounce.     Thus  Ambition  and  Sufferance, 

^efthe       cut  the  throat  of  our  Trade,  but  confirmed  their  opinion 

^tatiw,       ^f  Newports  greatnesse  wherewith  Smith  had  possessed 

Powhatan)  especially  by  the  great  Presents  Newport  often 

sent  him,  before  he  could  prepare  the  Pinnace  to  goe  and 

visit  him;    so  that  this  Savage  also  desired  to  see  him. 

A  great  brute  there  was  to  set  him  forward :    when  hee 

went   he  was  accompanied,  with  Captaine   Smith,  and 

Master  Scrivener  a  very  wise  understanding  Gentleman 

newly  arrived,  and  admitted  of  the  Counceff,  and  thirtie 

or    fortie    chosen   men    for    that    guard.      Arriving  at 

Werowocomo,  Newports  conceit  of  this  great  Savage  bred 

Smith  revisit'  many  doubts  and  suspicions  of  Treacheries ;  which  Smith, 

ingPofoAatan.  ^o  make  appeare  was  needlesse,  with  twentie  men  wcD 

appointed,  undertooke  to  encounter  (with  that  number) 

the  worst  that  could  happen. 

These  being  kindly  received  ashore,  with  two  or  three 
hundred  Savages  were  conducted  to  their  Towne ;  Pow- 

474 


qC^^^^^^'  in  VIRGINIA 

,        .  ^ed  ^^^^\fe  Gold  Rings,  Furres,  or 

-^\t^^  ^^>  ^it)  Vwekome  to  this  remoov- 

^s,  *^^  tl>  ^nce  to  obey  such  vile 

<^east  Us  provision  at  fifteene 

ther  ^  .-ast  (wc  bearing  the 

\  J  .     and  then  leaicage, 

ge  a.  ^  y      ^l^  the  lost,  but  the 

ac  young  y,  .f            \\  glad  to  receive 

of   his  Concubu  Ut,  highly  coin- 

;i  !ed,  with  a  great  c.                      ^    ^hat     For  all 

x'.'^'^^^^  Jv-l  before  those  sate  1  #    *d  water,  ^so 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


^u  w  neckes,  before  those  satt  jf  |    »^  ^'J^>  ^ 

'^J/ifhts  Arbor-Uke  house,      v  7      's,  whereby 

c^ses  to  renue  their  old  acquaintan.  ^'^^  then 

t^oxx  Captaine  spent  the  time  tiU  u.  P^^^'^g 

Baree  aground,  then  renuing  their  Feasts  a.  ,     ,. , 

quartred  that  night  with  Powhatan  :   the  next  ,  Z~ 

port  came  ashore,  and  received  as  much  content  ^ 
people  could  give  him,  a  Boy  named  Tho.  Savto* 


port  came  ashore,  and  received  as  much  contetit  ^ 

^ople  could  give  him,  a  Boy  named  Tho.  Savai..      \.^  ^,    ^ 

Sen  given  unto  Powhatan,  whom  Nevmort  caid\/:  ./tf^' 


Sonne,  for  whom  Powhatan  gave  him  Namontackc  u       FerboHsts. 
trustie  Servant,  and  one  of  a  shrewd  subtill  capaci^^*».  4  needUsu 
Three  or  foure  dayes  were  spent  in  feasting,  dancing  an^      '^'■^^• 
trading,  wherein  Powhatan  carried  himselfe  so  proudly 
yet  discreetly  (in  his  Sava^  manner)  as  made  us  all  admire 
his  naturall  gifts  considering  his  education,  as  scorning  to 
trade  as  his  subjects  did,  nee  bespake  Newport  in  this 
manner.     Captaine  Newport  it  is  not  agreeable  with  my  p 

f-eatnesse  in  this  pedling  manner  to  trade  for  trifles,  and  ^^^^ 
esteeme  you  a  great  Weroans,  Therefore  lay  mee  downe 
all  your  Commodities  together,  what  I  like,  I  wiD  take, 
and  in  recompence  give  you  that  I  thinke  fitting  their 
value.  Captaine  Smith  being  our  Interpreter,  regarding 
Newport  as  his  Father,  knowing  best  the  disposition  of 
Powhatan  told  us  his  intent  was  but  to  cheat  us;  yet 
Captaine  Newport  thinking  to  out-brave  this  Savage  in 
ostentation  of  greatnesse,  and  so  to  bewitch  him  with 
his  bountie,  as  to  have  what  he  listed ;  but  so  it  chanced ; 
Powhatan  having  his  desire,  valued  his  Corne  at  such  a 

475 


A.D. 

1606-IO. 


Their  epinhn 
of  our  God, 


FoUjf  in  under* 
valuing  our 
CommoMties 
to  the  Savages 

h  &ft^  ^^ 
small  frizes. 
Another  filly 
in  Mariners 
trade  both 
which  sup- 
planted  the 
good  of  the 
plantation. 


Smiths  revisit- 
ing Potvhatan. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

he  termed  to  them  his  Father;  of  whose  arrivall,  it 
chanced  he  so  directly  prophecied,  as  they  esteemed  him 
an  Oracle;  by  these  fictions  he  not  only  saved  his  ownc 
life>  and  obtained  his  liberty ;  but  had  them  at  that  com- 
mand, he  might  command  them  what  he  listed.  That 
God  that  created  all  these  things ;  they  knew  he  adored 
for  his  God,  whom  they  would  also  tearme  in  their  Dis- 
courses, the  God  of  Captaine  Smith. 

The  President  and  Councell  so  much  envied  his  esti- 
mation amongst  the  Savages  (though  wee  all  in  general! 
equally  participated  with  nim  of  the  good  thereof)  that 
they  wrought  it  into  their  understandings,  by  their  great 
bountie  in  giving  foure  times  more  for  tneir  Commodities 
then  he  appointed,  that  their  greatnesse  and  authoritie, 
as  much  exceeded  his,  as  their  bountie  and  liberalitie; 
Now  the  arrivall  of  his  first  supply,  so  over-joyed  us,  that 
wee  could  not  devise  too  mucn  to  please  the  Mariners. 
Wee  gave  them  libertie  to  trucke  or  trade  at  their 
pleasures.  But  in  a  short  time,  it  followed,  that  that 
could  not  be  had  for  a  pound  of  Copper,  which  before 
was  sold  for  an  ounce.  Thus  Ambition  and  Sufferance, 
cut  the  throat  of  our  Trade,  but  confirmed  their  opinion 
of  Newports  greatnesse  wherewith  Smith  had  possessed 
Powhatan)  especially  by  the  great  Presents  Newport  often 
sent  him,  before  he  could  prepare  the  Pinnace  to  goe  and 
visit  him;  so  that  this  Savage  also  desired  to  see  him. 
A  great  brute  there  was  to  set  him  forward:  when  hee 
went  he  was  accompanied,  with  Captaine  Smith,  and 
Master  Scrivener  a  very  wise  understanding  Gentleman 
newlv  arrived,  and  admitted  of  the  CoimceU,  and  thirtic 
or  fortie  chosen  men  for  that  guard.  Arriving  at 
Werowocomo,  Newports  conceit  of  tnis  great  Savage  bred 
many  doubts  and  suspicions  of  Treacheries ;  which  Smith, 
to  make  appeare  was  needlesse,  with  twentie  men  well 
appointed,  undertooke  to  encounter  (with  that  number) 
the  worst  that  could  happen. 

These  being  kindly  received  ashore,  with  two  or  three 
hundred  Savages  were  conducted  to  their  Towne ;   Pow- 

474 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1 606- 10. 

hatan  strained  himselfe  to  the  uttermost  of  his  greatnesse  Potokatans 
to  entertaine  us,  with  great  shouts  of  Joy,  Orations  of  first  enurtain- 
protestations,  and  the  most  plentie  of  victuall  hee  could  *^'^T^ 
provide  to  feast  us.     Sitting  upon  his  Bed  of  Mats,  his  ^'^  ^  JL^ 
Pillow  of  Leather  imbroydered  (after  their  rude  manner)  joumaUof 
with  Pearle  and  white  Beads,  his  Attire  a  faire  Robe  of  thisjoumU: 
skinnes  as  large  as  an  Irish  Mantle,  at  his  head  and  feet  ^^  ^^j^^-  l 
a  handsome  young  woman ;   on  each  side  his  house  sate  ^li^'^Jfgr  to 
twentie  of  his  Concubines,   their  heads  and  shoulders  ^vdid 
painted  red,  with  a  great  chaine  of  white  Beads  about  pro&xity. 
their  neckes,  before  those  sate  his  chiefest  men  in  like  , 

order  in  his  Arbor-like  house.  With  many  pretie  Dis- 
courses to  renue  their  old  acquaintance;  the  great  King 
and  our  Captaine  spent  the  time  tiU  the  ebbe  left  our 
Barge  aground,  then  renuing  their  Feasts  and  mirth,  we 
quartred  that  night  with  Powhatan  :  the  next  day  New- 
port came  ashore,  and  received  as  much  content  as  those 
people  could  give  him,  a  Boy  named  Tho.  Savage  was  ^t^^  exchange 
then  given  unto  Powhatan,  whom  Newport  called  his  of  a  Christian 
Sonne,  for  whom  Powhatan  gave  him  Namontacke  his  fir  a  Savage. 
trustie  Servant,  and  one  of  a  shrewd  subtill  capacitie. 
Three  or  foure  dayes  were  spent  in  feasting,  dancing  and 
trading,  wherein  Powhatan  carried  himselte  so  proudly, 
yet  discreetly  (in  his  Savage  manner)  as  made  us  all  admire 
his  naturall  gifts  considenn^  his  education,  as  scorning  to 
trade  as  his  subjects  did,  hee  bespake  Newport  in  this 
manner.  Captaine  Newport  it  is  not  agreeable  with  my  Ponhatans 
greatnesse  in  this  pedling  manner  to  trade  for  trifles,  and  speech, 
I  esteeme  you  a  great  Weroans,  Therefore  lay  mee  downc 
all  your  Commodities  together,  what  I  like,  I  will  take, 
and  in  recompence  give  you  that  I  thinke  fitting  their 
value.  Captame  Smith  being  our  Interpreter,  regarding 
Newport  as  his  Father,  knowing  best  the  disposition  of 
Powhatan  told  us  his  intent  was  but  to  cheat  us;  yet 
Captaine  Newport  thinking  to  out-brave  this  Savage  in 
ostentation  of  greatnesse,  and  so  to  bewitch  him  with 
his  bountie,  as  to  have  what  he  listed ;  but  so  it  chanced ; 
Powhatan  having  his  desire,  valued  his  Corne  at  such  a 

475 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGfilMES 

1606-10. 

rate,  as  I  thinke  it  better  cheape  in  Spaine,  for  we  had 
not  foure  bushels  for  that  we  expected  twentie  Hogs- 
heads. This  bred  some  unkindnesse  betweene  our  two 
Captaines,  Newport  seeking  to  please  the  humour  of  the 
Dijfference  of  unsatiable  Savage ;  Smith  to  cause  the  Savage  to  please 
optmotts.  jjjjjjj  but  smothering  his  distaste  (to  avoid  the  Savages 
suspition)  glanced  in  the  eyes  of  Powhatan  many  Trifles 
who  fixed  his  humour  upon  a  few  blue  Beads ;  A  long 
time  he  importunately  desired  them,  but  Smith  seemed 
so  much  the  more  to  affect  them,  so  that  ere  we  departed, 
for  a  pound  or  two  of  blue  Beads  he  brought  over  my 
King  for  two  or  three  hundred  bushels  of  Come,  yet 
parted  good  friends.  The  like  entertainment  we  found 
of  Opechantynough  King  of  Pamaimke  whom  also  he  in 
like  manner  fitted,  (at  the  like  rates)  with  blue  Beads: 
and  so  wee  retiu-ned  to  the  Fort.  Where  this  new  supply 
being  lodged  with  the  rest,  accidentally  fired  the  quarters, 
and  so  the  Towne,  which  being  but  thatched  with  Reeds, 
James  Towne  the  fire  was  so  fierce  as  it  burnt  Aeir  Pallizadoes  (though 
burnt,  ^^  Qj.  twelve  yards  distant)  with  their  Armes,  Bedding, 

Master  Hunts  AppareU,  and  much  private  provision.      Good  Master 
^"^'  Hunt  our  Preacher  lost  all  his  Librarie,  and  all  that  hec 

had  (but  the  clothes  on  his  backe)  yet  none  ever  saw  him 
repine  at  his  losse.     Upon  any  alarme  he  would  be  as 
readie  for  defence  as  any,  and  till  he  could  speake;  he 
never  ceassed  to  his  utmost  to  animate  us  constandy  to 
[IV.  ix,         persist :    whose  soule  questionlesse  is  with  God.    This 
"7J1-]  happened  in  the  Winter,  in  that  extreme  Frost  1607. 
Now  though  we  had  victuall  sufiUcient,  I  meane,  only  of 
t*tri^  ^^      Oate-meale,  Meale,  and  Corne,  yet  the  ship  staying  there 
teen  weekes '    fourteene  wedces,  when  she  might  as  weU  have  beenc 
andshamejulfy  gone  in  fourteene  dayes,  spent  the  Beefe,  Porke,  Oyle, 
ahusing  the      Aquavitc,  Fish,  Butter,  and  Cheese,  Beere  and  such  like ; 
^<^f^^^y  ^^re    j^3  ^^g  provided  to  be  landed  us.     When  they  departed, 
^Aerefir"^     what  their  discretion  could  spare  us,  to  make  a  Feast  or 
private  lucre,    two  with  Bisket,  Porke,  Beefe,  Fish,  and  Oyle,  to  rellish 
our  mouthes,  of  each  somewhat  they  left  us,  yet  I  must 
confesse,  those  that  had  either  Money,  spare  Clothes, 

476 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1 606-10. 
credit  to  give  Bils  of  payment,  Gold  Rings,  Furres,  or 
any  such  Commodities  were  ever  welcome  to  this  remoov- 
ing  Taverne;  such  was  our  patience  to  obey  such  vile 
ConunanderSy  and  buy  our  owne  provision  at  fifteene 
times  the  value,  suffering  them  to  reast  (we  bearing  the 
charge)  yet  must  not  repme,  but  £ist ;  and  then  leakage, 
ship-rats,  and  other  casualties  occasioned  the  lost,  but  the 
vessell  and  remnants  (for  totals)  we  were  glad  to  receive 
with  all  our  hearts  to  make  up  the  account,  highly  com- 
mending their  Providence  for  preserving  that.  For  all 
this  plentie  our  ordinarie  was  but  meale  and  water,  so 
that  this  great  charge  little  relieved  our  wants,  whereby 
with  the  extremitie  of  the  bitter  cold  Aire  more  then 
halfe  of  us  died,  and  tooke  our  deaths,  in  that  piercing 
Winter. 

I   cannot   deny,   but   both    Scrivener  and   Smith   did 
their   best  to    amend   what   was    amisse,   but   with   the 
President  went  the  major  part,  that  their  homes  were  too 
short.     But  the  worst  mischiefe  was,  our  gilded  Refiners  The  effict 
with  their  golden  promises,  made  all  men  their  slaves  in  ofmeere 
hope  of  recompence;    there  was  no  talke,  no  hope,  no  ^y^^^jj^* 
worke,  but  digge  Gold,  wash  Gold,  refine  Gold,  load  ,f^'t. 
Gold,  such  a  brute  of  Gold,  as  one  mad  fellow  desired 
to  bee  buried  in  the  Sands,  least  they  should  by  their 
Art  make  Gold  of  his  bones :    Little  need  there  was  and 
lesse  reason,  the  shippe  should  stay,  their  wages  runne 
on,   our   victuall   consimie   fourteene   weekes,    that  the 
Mariners  might  say,  they  built  such  a  golden  Chxirch, 
that  we  can  say,  the  raine  washed  neere  to  nothing  in 
fourteene  dayes.     Captaine  Smith  would  not  applaud  all 
those  Golden  inventions,  never  any  thing  did  more  tor-  *5'^^^,, 
ment  him,  then  to  see  aU  necessary  businesse  neglected,  J^*^^^^ 
to  fraught  such  a  drunken  ship  with  so  much  gilded  *  foa$  sent  over 
dirt;    till  then  we  never  accounted  Captaine  Newport  a  {I  saw  it)  with 
Refiner;   who  being  fit  to  set  saile  for  England,  and  we  great  promises 
not  having  any  use  of  Parliaments,  Playes,  Petitions,  !Cv^  • 
Admirals,  Recorders,  Interpreters,  Chronologers,  Courts  yeelding  sandy 
of  Plea,  nor  Justices  of  Peace,  sent  Master  Wingfield  and  performance. 

477 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


The  arrival  of 
the  Phoenix 
her  retumej 
and  other 
accidents. 
Chap,  4. 
The  repairing 
of  James 
towne, 
Nelsons 
honesty  and 
JideRHe. 


Sixtie 
appointed  to 
discover 
Monacan, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Captaine  Archer  with  him  for  England,  to  seeke  some 
pkce  of  better  imployment. 

THe  authority  now  consisting  in  refining  Captaine 
Martin,  and  the  still  sictdy  President,  the  sale  of  the 
stores  Commodities  maintayned  their  estates  as  inheri- 
table Revenues.  The  Spring  approching,  and  the  ship 
departed,  Master  Scrivener  and  Captaine  Smith  divided 
betwixt  them,  the  rebuilding  our  Towne,  the  repayring 
our  Pallisadoes,  the  cutting  downe  Trees,  preparing  our 
fields,  planting  our  Corne,  and  to  rebuild  our  Church, 
and  recover  our  Storehouse ;  all  men  thus  busie  at  their 
severall  labours.  Master  Nelson  arrived  with  his  lost 
Phoenix,  (lost  I  say,  for  that  all  men  deemed  him  lost) 
landing  safely  his  men ;  so  well  hee  mannaged  fiis  ill 
hap,  causing  the  Indian  lies  to  feed  his  company  that  his 
victxxall  (to  that  was  left  us  before)  was  sufficient  for  halfe 
a  yeere,  he  had  nothing  but  he  freely  imparted  it ;  which 
honest  dealing  (in  a  Mariner)  caused  us  admire  him,  wee 
would  not  have  wished  so  much  as  he  did  for  us.  Now 
to  relade  this  ship  with  some  good  tydings.  The  Presi- 
dent (yet  not  standing  with  his  dignity  to  leave  the  Fort) 
gave  order  to  Captaine  Smith  and  Master  Scrivener  to 
discover  and  search  the  Commodities  of  Monacans 
Countrey  beyond  the  Falls,  sixty  able  men  were  allotted, 
the  which  within  sixe  dayes  exercise.  Smith  had  so  well 
trained  to  their  Armes  and  Orders,  that  they  little  fbred 
with  whom  they  should  encounter.  Yet  so  unseasonable 
was  the  time,  and  so  opposite  was  Captaine  Martin  to 
every  thing,  but  only  to  fraught  his  ship  also  with  his 
phantasticall  Gold,  as  Captaine  Smith  rather  desired  to 
relade  her  with  Cedar,  which  was  a  present  dispatch ;  then 
either  with  dirt,  or  the  reports  of  an  uncertaine  Discoverie. 
Whilst  their  conclusion  was  resolving,  this  happened. 

Powhatan  to  expresse  his  love  to  Newport,  when  he 
departed,  presented  him  with  twenty  Turkeyes,  condition- 
ally to  returne  him  twenty  Swords,  which  immediately 
were  sent  him;    Now  after  his  departure  he  presented 

478 


OCCURRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA 

Captaine  Smith  with  the  like  luggage,  but  not  finding  his 
humour  obeyed  in  sending  him  Weapons,  he  caused  his 
people  with  twentie  devices  to  obtaine  them;  at  last  by 
Ambuscadoes  at  our  very  Ports  they  would  take  them 
perforce,  surprize  us  at  worke,  or  any  way,  which  was  so 
long^  permitted  that  they  became  so  insolent,  there  was 
no  Kule,  the  command  from  England  was  so  straight  not 
to  oflFend  them,  as  our  authority  Bearers  (keeping  their 
houses)  would  rather  be  any  thing  then  Peace-breakers : 
this  uncharitable  charity  prevailed,  till  well  it  chanced  that 
they  medled  with  Captaine  Smith,  who  without  farther 
deliberation  gave  them  such  an  incounter,  as  some  hee 
so  hunted  up  and  downe  the  lie,  some  hee  so  terrified 
with  whipping,  beating  and  imprisonment,  as  for  revenge 
they  siuprized  two  of  his  foraging  disorderly  Souldiers, 
and  having  assembled  their  forces,  boldly  threatned  at 
our  Ports  to  force  Smith  to  re-deliver  seven  Savages, 
which  for  their  villanies  he  detained  Prisoners.  But  to 
try  their  furies,  in  lesse  then  halfe  an  houre  he  so  hampered 
their  insolencies,  that  they  brought  the  two  prisoners 
desiring  peace  without  any  farther  composition  for  their 
Prisoners,  who  being  threatned  and  examined  their  intents 
and  plotters  of  their  villanies,  confessed  they  were  directed 
only  by  Powhatan,  to  obtaine  him  our  owne  weapons  to 
cut  oiu*  owne  throats,  with  the  manner  how,  where,  and 
when,  which  we  plainly  found  most  true  and  apparant. 
Yet  hee  sent  his  Messengers  and  his  deerest  I)aughter 
Pocahuntas  to  excuse  him,  of  the  injuries  done  by  his 
Subjects,  desiring  their  liberties,  with  the  assurance  of 
his  love.  After  Smith  had  given  the  Prisoners  what 
correction  he  thought  fit,  used  them  well  a  day  or  two 
after,  he  then  delivered  them  to  Pocahuntas,  for  whose 
sake  only  hee  fiiined  to  save  their  lives  and  grant  them 
liberty.  The  patient  counsell,  that  nothing  would  moove 
to  warre  with  the  Savages,  would  gladly  have  wrangled 
with  Captaine  Smith  for  his  cruelty,  yet  none  was  slaine 
to  any  mans  knowledge,  but  it  brought  them  in  such 
feare  and  obedience,  as  his  very  name  would  sufficiently 

479 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 

AniU 

example  to  sell 
stvords  to 
Savages, 
Potohatans 
trecherie. 


The  Cover- 
noun  weak' 
nesse. 


Smiths  attempt 
to  suppresse 
the  Savages 
insolencies. 
[IV.  ii. 

1712.] 


Potohatans 
exercises. 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

i6o6*io. 
A  ship  fraught  affright  them.  The  fraught  of  this  ship  being  concluded 
with  Cedar,  to  be  Cedar,  by  the  diligence  of  the  Master,  and  Captaine 
Smith,  shee  was  quickly  reladed;  Master  Scrivener  was 
neither  idle  nor  slow  to  follow  all  things  at  the  Fort,  the 
ship  falling  to  the  Cedar  lie,  Captaine  Martin  having 
made  shift  to  bee  sicke  neere  a  yeere,  and  now,  neither 
Pepper,  Sugar,  Cloves,  Mace,  nor  Nutm^s,  Ginger,  nor 
Sweet  meats  in  the  Countrcy  (to  enjoy  the  credit  of  his 
supposed  Art)  at  his  earnest  request,  was  most  willingly 
admitted  to  retume  for  England,  yet  having  beene  ihsct 
but  a  yeere,  and  not  past  halfe  a  yeere  since  the  ague  left 
him  (that  he  might  say  somewhat  he  had  seene)  he  went 
twice  by  water  to  Paspahegh  a  place  neere  seven  miles 
from  James  Towne,  but  lest  the  dew  should  distemper 
him,  was  ever  forced  to  returne  before  night.  Thus  much 
I  thought  fit  to  expresse,  hee  expresly  commanding  me 
to  record  his  Joumies,  I  being  his  man,  and  he  sometimes 
my  Miaster.  One  hundred  and  twentie  were  landed  in 
the  last  supply.     Thomas  Studly.     Anas  Todkill. 


The  adven- 
tures of  Cap, 
Martin. 


The  accidents 
which  hapned 
in  the 

discoverie  of 
the  Bay. 
Chap.  5. 
/  have  a 
Diarie  of  this 
and  the  follow- 
ing Discoverie 
of  the  Bay, 
contayning 
things  more 
particularly 
y  largely  but 
I  was  loth  to 
be  tedious,  l^ 
find  the  sub- 
stance in  this. 


THe  prodigalitie  of  the  Presidents  state  went  so  deepe 
in  the  store  that  Smith  and  Scrivener  had  a  while 
tyed  both  Martin  and  him  to  the  Rules  of  Proportion, 
but  now  Smith  being  to  depart,  the  Presidents  authority 
so  overswayed  Master  Scriveners  discretion  as  our  store, 
our  time,  our  strength  and  labours  were  idely  consumed 
to  fulfill  his  phantasies.  The  second  of  June  1608.  Smith 
left  the  Fort  to  performe  his  Discovery ;  with  this  com- 
pany. Walter  Russell  Doctor  of  Physicke.  Ralph 
Morton.  Thomas  Momford.  William  Cantrill.  Richard 
Fetherstone.  James  Bourne.  Michael  Sicklemore.  Anas 
Todkill.  Robert  Small.  James  Watkins.  John  Powell. 
James  Read  black  Smith.  Richard  Keale  Fishmonger. 
Jonas  Profit  fisher. 

These  being  in  an  open  Barge  of  two  tunnes  burthen 
leaving  the  Phoenix  at  Cape  Henrie,  we  crossed  the  Bay 
to  the  Easterne  shoare,  and  fell  with  the  lies  called  Smiths 
lies :    the  first  people  we  saw  there  were  two  grimme  and 

480 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA 

stout  Savages  upon  Cape  Charles,  with  long  Poles  like 
Javelings,  headed  with  bone,  they  boldly  demanded  what 
we  were,  and  what  we  would,  but  after  many  circum- 
stances, they  in  time  seemed  very  kind,  and  directed  us 
to  Acawmacke,  the  habitation  of  the  Weroans  where  we 
were  kindly  intreated ;  this  King  was  the  comeliest  proper 
civiU  Savage  we  incountred:  his  Country  is  a  pleasant 
fertile  day  soyle.  He  told  us  of  a  strange  accident  lately 
happened  him,  and  it  was?  Two  dead  children  by  the 
extreme  passions  of  their  Parents,  or  some  dreaming 
Visions,  Phantasie,  or  affection  mooved  them  againe  to 
revisit  their  dead  carkasses,  whose  benunmied  bodies 
reflected  to  the  eyes  of  the  beholders  such  pleasant  delight- 
full  countenances,  as  though  they  had  regained  their  vitall 
spirits.  This  is  a  Miracle  drew  many  to  behold  them, 
all  which,  (being  a  great  part  of  his  people)  not  long 
after  died,  and  not  any  one  escaped.  They  spake  the 
Language  of  Powhatan,  wherein  they  made  such  descrip- 
tions of  the  Bay,  lies,  and  Rivers  that  often  did  us 
exceeding  pleasure.  Passing  alongst  the  Coast,  searching 
every  Imet,  and  Bay  fit  for  Harbours  and  Habitations, 
seeing  many  lies  in  the  midst  of  the  Bay,  we  bore  up  for 
them,  but  ere  we  could  attaine  them,  such  an  extreame 
gust  of  Winde,  Raine,  Thunder,  and  Lightning  happened, 
that  with  great  danger  wee  escaped  the  unmerciftill  raging 
of  that  Ocean-like  water. 

The  next  day  searching  those  inhabitable  lies  (which 
wee  called  RusseUs  lies)  to  provide  fresh  water,  the  defect 
whereof  forced  us  to  follow  the  next  Easteme  Channell, 
which  brought  us  to  the  River  Wighcocomoco,  the  people 
at  first  with  great  ftirie  seemed  to  assault  us,  yet  at  last 
with  Songs,  Dances,  and  much  mirth,  became  very  tract- 
able, but  searching  their  habitations  for  water,  we  could 
fill  but  three,  and  that  such  puddle,  that  never  till  then, 
we  knew  the  want  of  good  water.  We  digged  and 
searched  many  places,  but  ere  the  end  of  two  dayes  wee 
would  have  remsed  two  Barricoes  of  Gold  for  one  of 
that  puddle  water  of  Wighcocomoco.  Being  past  these 
xviii  481  a  H 


A.D 

1606-10. 
Cape  Charles, 


Acawmacke. 


A  strange 
martaUHe  of 
Satfages. 


An  extreame 
gust. 


Russels  lies. 

WigkcOCMiOCO, 


An  extreme 
want  of  fresh 
water. 


A.D,  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

I  1606-10. 

I  UeS)  falling  with  a  high  Land  upon  the  Mayne,  we  found 

a  great  pond  of  fresh  water,  but  so  exceeding  hot,  that 
we  supposed  it  some  Bath:  that  place  we  called  Point- 
ployer,  in  honour  of  that  Honourable  House  of  Mousaye, 
that  in  an  extreame  extremitie  once  robbed  our  Captaine : 
Beeing  thus  refreshed  in  crossing  over  from  the  Mayne 
to  other  lies,  the  winde  and  waters  so  much  increa!sed 
with  Thunder,  Lightning,  and  Raine,  that  our  fore-mast 
blew  ovcr-boord,  and  such  mightie  waves  over-wrought 

I  The  Bargt      US  in  that  small  Barge,  that  with  great  labour,  wee  kept 

neeresunkein  her  from  sinking  by  freeing  out  the  water:  two  dayes 
«  ^'-  yf^Q  wtt^  inforcM  to  inhabit  these  uninhabited  lies,  which 

Limbo  lies.      (^^^  ^^^  extremitie  of  Gusts,  Thunder,  Raine,  Stormes, 

i  [IV.  ix.         and  ill  weather)  we  called  Limbo,     Repairing  our  fore- 

I  >7>3-]  savle  with  our  shirts,  we  set  sayle  for  the  Mayne,  and 

'  fell  with  a  faire  River  on  the  East  called  Kuskatanaocke. 

i  Cap.  Smith.         The  people  ran  as  amazed  in  troupes,  from  place  to 

place,  and  divers  got  into  the  tops  of  Trees,  they  were  not 

I  sparing  of  their  Arrowcs,  nor  the  greatest  passion  they 

could  expresse  of  anger,  long  they  shot  we  still  riding 
at  an  Anchor  out  of  tneir  readi,  making  all  the  signes  of 
friendship  wee  could.  The  next  day  they  came  unarmed, 
with  every  one  a  Bisket,  dancing  in  a  ring  to  draw  us  on 
shore,  but  seeing  there  was  nothing  in  them  but  vilhnie, 
we  discharged  a  volley  of  Muskets  charged  with  Pistoll 
shot,  whereat  they  all  lay  tumbling  on  the  ground,  creep- 
ing some  on  way,  some  another  into  a  great  cluster  of 
Reeds  hard  by,  where  their  companions  lay  in  Ambuscado. 
Towards  the  Evening  wee  weighed  and  approched  the 
shore,  discharging  five  or  sixe  shot  amongst  the  Reeds 
we  landed,  where  they  laid  a  many  of  baskets,  but  saw 
not  a  Savage,  a  smoke  appearing  on  the  other  side  the 
River  we  went  thither,  where  wee  found  two  or  three  little 
Houses  in  each  a  fice,  there  we  left  some  pieces  of  Copper, 
Beads,  Bels,  and  Looking-glasses,  and  then  went  into  the 
Bay.  When  it  was  darke  we  came  to  an  Anchor  againe. 
Earely  in  the  morning,  foure  Savages  came  to  us  in  their 
Canoa,  whom  we  used  with  such  courtesie,  nor  knew 

482 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1 606-10. 

what  wc  were,  nor  had  done,  having  beene  in  the  Bay  a 
fishing,  bad  us  stay,  and  ere  long  they  would  returne, 
which  they  did,  and  some  twentie  more  with  them,  with 
whom  after  a  little  conference,  two  or  three  hundred  men, 
women,  and  children  came  clustering  about  us,  every  one 
presenting  us  somewhat,  which  a  little  Bead  would  so 
well  requite,  we  became  such  friends,  they  would  contend 
who  ^ould  fetch  us  water,  stay  with  us  for  hostage,  con- 
duct our  men  any  whether,  and  give  us  the  best  content. 

By  it  inhabit  the  people  of  Soraphanigh,  Nause,  Arsek,  The  first 
and'NautaquJtke,  that  much  extolled  a  oreat  Nation  called  ^^^"^'  ^^ 
Massawomekes,  in  search  of  whom  wee  returned  by  JJ^f^^ 
Limbo,  but  finding  this  Easterne  shore  shallow  broken 
lies,  and  the  Mayne  for  most  part  without  fresh  water, 
we  passed  by  the  Straits  of  Limbo,  for  the  Westerne 
shore.  So  broad  is  the  Bay  here,  that  we  could  scarce 
perceive  the  great  high  CliflFes  on  the  other  side;  by 
them  wee  anchored  that  night,  and  called  them  Richards 
CliflFes.  Thirtie  leagues  we  sayled  more  Northwards,  not 
finding  any  Inhabitants,  yet  the  Coast  well  watered,  the 
Mountaines  very  barren,  the  Valleyes  very  fertile,  but 
the  Woods  extreme  thicke,  full  of  Wolves,  Beares,  Deere, 
and  other  wild  Beasts.  The  first  Inlet  we  found,  we  called 
Bolus,  for  that  the  clay  (in  many  places)  was  like  (if  not)  Bolus  River. 
Bole-Armoniacke :  when  we  first  set  saile,  some  of  our 
Gallants  doubted  nothing,  but  that  our  Captaine  would 
make  too  much  hast  home;  but  having  Ken  not  above 
twelve  dayes  in  this  small  Barge,  oft  tvred  at  their  Oares, 
their  Bread  spoyled  with  wet,  so  mucn  that  it  was  rotten 
(yet  so  good  were  their  stomackes  that  they  could  digest 
it)  did  It  with  continuall  complaints  so  importune  him 
now  to  returne,  as  caused  him  bespeake  them  in  this 
Yiuumer. 

'Gendemen,  if  you  would  remember  the   memorable  Smiths  speech 
'Historie  of  Sir  Ralfe  Lane,  how  his  company  importuned  ^  ^^^ 
:him  to  proceed  in  the  Discoverie  of  Morattico,  alleaging,  ^*^^'^^'- 
they  ifld  yet  a  Dogge,  that  beeing  boyled  with  Saxafras 
leaves,  would  Tichly  feed  them  in  their  returnes ;    what 

483 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

i6o6-io. 

a  shame  would  it  bee  for  joxl  (that  have  beene  so  sus- 
picious of  my  tendernesse)  to  force  me  returne  with  a 
moneths  provision,  scarce  able  to  say  where  we  have 
beene,  nor  yet  heard  of  that  we  were  sent  to  seeke ;  you 
cannot  say  but  I  have  shared  with  you  of  the  worst  is 
past ;  and  for  what  is  to  come  of  lodging,  diet,  or  whatso- 
ever, I  am  contented  you  allot  the  worst  part  to  my  selfe; 
as  for  your  feares  that  I  would  lose  my  self  in  these 
unknown  large  waters,  or  be  swallowed  up  in  some 
stormie  gust,  abandon  those  childish  feares,  for  worse 
then  is  past  cannot  happen,  and  there  is  as  much  danger 
to  returne,  as  to  proceed  forward.  Regaine  therefore  your 
old  spirits;  for  returne  I  will  not,  j[if  God  assist  me) 
till  I  have  seene  the  Massawomekes,  round  Patawomeck, 
or  the  head  of  this  great  water,  you  conceit  to  be 
endlesse. 

Three  or  foure  dayes  we  expected  wind  and  weather, 

whose  adverse  extremities  added  such  discouragements  to 

our  discontents  as  three  or  foure  fell  extreme  sicke,  whose 

pittifull  complaints  caused  us  to  returne,  leaving  the  Bay 

some  ten  miles  broad  at  nine  or  ten  fiithome  water.     The 

The  dtscoverie  sixteenth  of  June  we  fell  with  the  River  of  Patawomeck : 

ofPatawo-      feaixt  being  gone,  and  our  men  recovered,  we  were  all 

^^^ '  contented  to  take  some  paines  to  know  the  name  of  this 

nine  miles  broad  River,  we  could  see  no  Inhabitants  for 

thirtie  miles  sayle;    then  we  were  conducted  by  two 

Amhuscadoes    Savages  up  a  little  bayed  Creeke  toward  Onawmament, 

of  Savages.      where  all  the  Woods  were  laid  with  Ambuscadoes  to  the 

number  of  three   or   foure   hundred   Savag^es,  but   so 

strangely    painted,    grimed,    and    disguized,    shouting, 

yelling,  and  crying,  as  we  rather  supposed  them  so  many 

Devils,  they  made  many  bravadoes,  but  to  appease  their 

furie,  our  Captaine  prepared  with  as  seeming;  willingnes 

(as  thev)  to  encounter  them,  the  fi^razing  of  the  bimets 

upon  tne  River,  with  the  Eccho  of  the  woods  so  amazed 

them,  as  downe  went  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes;    (and 

exchanging  hostage)  James  Watkins  was  sent  sixe  miles 

up  the  Woods  to  their  Kings  Habitation:    wee  were 

484 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 

kindly  used  by  these  Savages,  of  whom  we  understood, 
they    were    conunanded    to    betray    us,    by    Powhatans 
direction,  and  he  so  directed  from  the  discontents  of  James 
Towne.     The  like  incounters  we  found  at  Patawomecke,  ^  tnachenus 
Cecocawne,  and  divers  other  places,  but  at  Moyaones  P^^^*' 
Nacothtant  and  Taux,  the  people  did  their  best  to  content 
us.     The  cause   of   this  Discoverie,  was  to   search   a 
gilistering  Mettall,  the  Savages  told  us  they  had  from 
^atawomeck,  (the  which  Newport  assured  that  hee  had 
tryed  to  hold  halfe  silver)  also  to  search  what  Furres, 
Metals,    Rivers,    Rockes,    Nations,    Woods,    Fishings, 
Fruits,    Victuals    and    other    Commodities    the    Land 
affoorded,  and  whether  the  Bay  were  endlesse,  how  farre  [iv.  ix. 
it  extended.     The  Mine  we  found  nine  or  ten  miles  up  i7H] 

in  the  Country  from  the  River,  but  it  proved  of  no  value ;  Antimony. 
to  which  he  marched,  leading  his  hinds  in  Chaines,  which 
thev  were  to  have  for  their  paines,  and  so  returning  loded 
with  that  Ore  they  had.     Some  Otters,  Bevers,  Martins, 
Lizards,  and  Sabels  we  found,  and  in  divers  places  that 
abundance  of  fish  lying  so  thicke  with  their  heads  above  -^»  abundant 
the  water,  as  for  want  of  nets  (our  Barge  driving  amongst  P^^^M- 
them)  we  attempted  to  catch  them  with  a  Frying-pan, 
but  wee  found  it  a  bad  instrument  to  catch  fish  with. 
Neither  better  fish,  more  plenty,  or  variety,  had  any  of 
us  ever  seene,  in  any  place  swimming  in  the  water,  then 
in  the  Bay  of  Chesabeack,  but  there  not  to  be  caught  with 
Frying-pans. 

To  expresse  all  our  quarrels,  treacheries,  and  incounters 
amongst  those  Savages,  I  should  be  too  tedious;  but 
in  briefe,  at  all  times  we  so  incountred  them  and  curbed 
their  insolencies,  as  they  concluded  with  presents  to 
purchase  peace,  yet  wee  lost  not  a  man.  At  our  first 
meeting,  our  Captaine  ever  observed  this  order,  to  HowtodeaU 
demand  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  Sword,  Mantles  or  ^^^^^ 
Furs,  with  some  childe  for  hostage;    whereby  he  could    ^^^^*' 

Juickly   perceive    when    they    intended    any    villanie. 
laving  nnished  this  discovery  (though  our  victuall  was 
neere  spent)  he  intended  to  have  seene  his  imprisonments, 

4»S 


A.0.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1 606-10. 

acquaintance  upon  the  River  of  Toppahannocke.     But 

our  Boate  (by  reason  of  the  ebbe)  cfaansing  to  grouiid 

upon  a  many  shoules  lying  in  the  entrance,  wee  spied 

many  fishes  lurking  amongst  the  weedes  on  the  Ssuxis, 

our  Captaine  sportmg  himselfe  to  catch  them  by  nailing 

them  to  the  ground  with  his  Sword,  set  us  all  a  fishing 

in  that  manner;    by  this  devise,  we  tooke  more  in  an 

houre,  then  we  all  could  eate :    but  it  chanced,  the  Cap- 

J  Stingray      taine  taking  a  fish  firom  his  Sword  (not  knowing  her 

very  kurtfidl^   condition)  being  much  of  the  fashion  of  a  Thornwacke 

wlx"  nvohe  ^^^^  *  longer  taile,  whereon  is  a  most  poysoned  sting  of 

with  the  sting  ^^^  ^^  three  inches  long,  which  shee  strooke  an  inch  and 

of  a  Ray         halfe  into  the  wrist  of  his  arme  the  which  in  foure  houres 

thormhis       had  SO  extreamely  swolne  his  hand,  arme,  shoulder,  and 

thuhefishif'    p^^  ^f  j^jg  body,  as  wee  all  with  much  sorrow  concluded 

lhat'h7 therof  ^^^  ftinerall,  and  prepared  his  grave  in  an  lie  hard  by 

died^  An.        (as  himselfe  appointed)  which  then  wee  called  Stingeray 

161^,  and      lie,  after  the  name  or  the  fish.     Yet  by  the  helpe  of  a 

was  so  swolne  precious  Ovle  which  Doctour  Russells  applied,  ere  nicfht 
that  thev  could  f  •  '•  •  n  *^  1     it         ° 

not  brinsi  his    ^^^  tormentmg  pame  was  so  well  asswaged  that  hee  eate 

coffin  out  of  the  the  fish  to  his  supper,  which  gave  no  lesse  joy  and  content 

dore  but  brake  to  US,  then  ease  to  himselfe.     Having  neither  Surgeon 

the  wall  {as     ^or  Surgery  but  that  preservative  Oyle,  we  presently  set 

_^^£f »«)    saile  fo?  James  Towne;    passing  tL  mouth  of  I^n- 

purpose.  katanck,  and  Pamaunke  Rivers,  the  next  day  we  safely 

The  Savages    arrived  at  Kecoughtan.     The  simple  Savages,  seeing  our 

affrighted        Captaine  hurt,  and  another  bloudy  (which  came  by  break- 

with  their       jj^g  j^jg  gj^jj^j  ^^^^  number  of  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Swords, 

ownesuspt  on.  'p^j.g^^g^  Mantles  and  Furres ;  would  needes  imagine  wee 

had  bin  at  warres,  the  truth  of  these  accidents  would  not 

satisfie  them,  but  impatiently  they  importuned  us  to  know 

with  whom  wee  fought,  finding  their  aptnesse  to  beleeve, 

we  foiled  not  (as  a  great  secret)  to  tell  them  any  thing 

that  might  affright  tnem,  what  spoyle  wee  had  got  and 

made  of  the  Masawomeckes,  this  rumour  went  faster  up 

the  River  then  our  Barge;   that  arrived  at  Weraskoyack 

the  twentieth  of  July,  where  trimming  her  with  painted 

streamers,  and  such  devises,  we  made  the  Fort  jealous  of 

486 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 

a  Spanish  Frigot ;  where  we  all  safely  arrived  the  twenty 
one  of  July. 

There  we  found  the  last  supply,  all  sicke,  the  rest,  some  A  medtkssi 
lame,  some  bruised,  all  unable  to  doe  any  thing,  but  com-  ^''^'^• 
plaine  of  the  pride  and  unreasonable  needelesse  cruelty 
of  their  siUy  President,  that  had  riotously  consimied  the 
store,  and  to  jfulfiU  his  follies  about  building  him  an 
unnecessary  Pallace  in  the  Woods,  had  brought  them  all 
to  that  misery:  That  had  not  we  arrived,  they  had  as 
strangely  tormented  him  with  revenge.  But  the  good 
ncwes  of  our  discovery,  and  the  good  hope  we  had  (by 
the  Savages  relation)  our  Bay  had  stretched  to  the  South 
Sea,  appeased  their  furie ;  but  conditionaUy  that  Ratliffe 
should  be  deposed,  and  that  Captaine  Smith  woidd  take 
upon  him  the  government :  their  request  being  effected, 
hee  Substituted  Master  Scrivener  his  deare  friend  in  the 
Prcsidencie,  equally  distributing  those  private  provisions 
that  the  other  had  ingrossed;  appointing  more  honest 
oflScers  to  assist  Scrivener  (who  then  lay  extreamely  tor- 
mented with  a  callenture)  and  in  regard  of  the  weakenesse 
of  the  company,  and  heate  of  the  yeare,  they  being  unable 
to  worke ;  he  left  them  to  live  at  ease,  but  imbarked  The  Company 
himselfe  to  finish  his  discovery.  Written  by  Walter  Ufttofweat 
Russell  and  Anas  Todkill.  ^^^'• 

THe  twentieth  of  July  Captaine  Smith  set  forward  to  Whathafmd 
finish  the  discovery  with  twelve  men  their  names  ^/^^^^ 
were   Nathaniell   Powell,    Thomas    Momford,    Richard  ^^fr  the  Bay. 
Fetherstone,  Michaell  Sicklemore,  James  Bourne,  Anas  chap.  6. 
Todkill,  Edward  Pysing,  Richard  Keale,  Anthony  Bagnall, 
James  Watkins,  William  Ward,  Jonas  Profit.    The  winde 
being  contrary  caused  our  stay  two  or  three  daies  at 
Kecoughtan,  the  Werowans  feasting  us  with  much  mirth, 
his  people  were  perswaded  wee  went  purposely  to  be 
revenged  of  the  Massawomeckes,  in  the  evening  we  firing 
two  or  three  rackets,  so  terrified  the  poore  Salvages,  they  y,^  Sopam 
supposed  nothing  impossible  we  attempted,  and  desired  admin  fire- 
to  assist  vis.    The  first  night  we  ancored  at  Stingeray  He,  umrkes. 

487 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


The  head  of 
the  Bay. 

[IV.  ix. 

An  incounter 
with  the  Mas- 
sawomecks. 


GoodfoRcy, 


An  incounter 
with  the 
Tockwoghs, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

the  next  day  crossed  Patawomecks  River,  and  hasted  for  the 
River  Bolus,  we  went  not  much  farther  before  wee  might 
perceive  the  Bay  to  devide  in  two  heads,  and  arrivmg 
there  wee  found  it  devided  in  foure,  all  which  wee  searched 
so  farre  as  we  could  saile  them ;  two  of  them  we  found 
uninhabited,  but  in  crossing  the  Bay  to  the  other,  we 
encountered  seven  or  eight  Canoaes  fiill  of  Massawo- 
meckes,  wee  seeing  them  prepare  to  assault  us,  left  our 
Oares  and  made  way  with  our  saile  to  incounter  them, 
yet  were  we  but  five  (with  our  Captaine)  that  could  stand : 
for  within  two  daves  after  wee  left  Kecoughtan,  the  rest 
^being  all  of  the  last  supply)  were  sicke  amiost  to  death 
(untifi  they  were  seasoned  to  the  Countrey)  having  shut 
them  under  our  tarpawling,  we  put  their  hats  upon  stickes 
by  the  Barge  side  to  make  us  seeme  many ;  and  on  each 
side  a  man  a  loded  Musket ;  and  so  wee  thinke  the  Indians 
supposed  those  hats  to  be  men,  for  they  fled  withall  po^ 
sible  speede  to  the  shoare,  and  there  stayed,  staring  at  the 
sailing  of  our  Barge,  till  wee  anchored  right  against  them. 
Long  it  was  ere  we  could  draw  them  to  come  unto  us,  at 
last  they  sent  two  of  their  company  unarmed  in  a  Gmoa, 
the  rest  all  followed  to  second  them  if  neede  required: 
These  two  being  but  each  presented  with  a  Bell,  brought 
aboord  all  their  fellowes,  presenting  the  Captaine  with 
Venison,  Beares  flesh,  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Clubbes,  Targets, 
and  Beare-skins,  we  xmderstood  them  nothing  at  all  but 
by  signes,  whereby  they  signified  unto  us  that  they  had 
beene  at  warres  with  the  Tockwoghs,  the  which  they  con- 
firmed by  shewing  their  green  wounds;  but  the  night 
parting  us,  we  imagined  they  appointed  the  next  morning 
to  meete,  but  after  that  we  never  saw  them. 

Entring  the  River  of  Tockwogh  the  Savages  all  armed 
in  a  fleete  of  Boates  round  invironed  us ;  it  chanced  one 
of  them  could  speake  the  lans^uage  of  Powhatan,  who 
perswaded  the  rest  to  a  friendty  parley:  but  when  they 
saw  us  furnished  with  the  Massawomeckes  weapons,  and 
we  fained  the  invention  of  Kecoughtan  to  have  taken 
them  perforce;    they  conducted  us  to  their  pallizadoed 

488 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 

Towne,  mantelled  with  the  Barkes  of  trees,  with  Scaffolds 
like  Mounts,  brested  about  with  Barkes  very  formally, 
their  men,  women,  and  children,  with  Dances,  Songs, 
Fruits,  Fish,  Furres,  and  what  they  had  kindely  enter- 
tained us,  spreading  Mats  for  us  to  sit  on,  stretching  their 
best  abilities  to  expresse  their  loves. 

Many  Hatchets,  Knives,  and  peeccs  of  Iron,  and  Brasse,  Hatchets  from 
we  saw,  which  they  reported  to  have  from  the  Sasquesa-  Sas^ttesaha- 
hanockes  a  mighty  people,  and  mortall  enemies  with  the  *^  ' 
Massawomeckes :  The  Sasquesahanocks,  inhabit  upon  the 
chiefe  Spring  of  these  foure,  two  dayes  journey  higher 
then  our  Barge  could  passe  for  Rockes.     Yet  we  prevailed 
with  the  interpreter  to  take  with  him  another  interpreter 
to  perswade  the  Sasquesahanocks  to  come  to  visite  us,  for 
their  language  is  different:    three  or  foure  dayes  we 
expected  their  returne,  and  then  sixty  of  these  Gyantlike 
people  came  downe  with  presents  of  Venison,  Tobacco- 
pipes,  Baskets,  Targets,  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  five  of  their 
Werowances  came  boldly  aboord  us,  to  crosse  the  Bay  for 
Tockwogh,  leaving  their  men  and  Canoaes,  the  winde 
being  so  violent  that  they  durst  not  passe. 

Our  order  was  daily  to  have  prayer,  with  a  Psalme ;  at 
which  solemnity,  the  poore  Savages  much  wondered :  our 
prayers  being  done,  they  were  long  busied  with  consulta- 
tion till  they  had  contrived  their  businesse;  then  they 
began  in  most  passionate  manner  to  hold  up  their  hands 
to  the  sunne  with  a  most  fearefull  song,  then  imbracing 
the  Giptaine,  they  began  to  adore  him  in  like  manner, 
though  he  rebuked  them,  yet  they  proceeded  till  their 
Song  was  finished,  which  done  with  a  most  strange  furious 
action,  and  a  hellish  voyce  began  an  Oration  of  their 
loves:  that  ended,  with  a  e;reat  painted  Beares  skinne 
they  covered  our  Captaine,  Aen  one  ready  with  a  chaine 
of  white  Beades  (weighing  at  least  six  or  seven  pound) 
hung  it  about  his  necke,  the  others  had  eighteene  mantles 
made  of  divers  sorts  of  Skins  sowed  together,  all  these  The  Sasouesa- 
with  many  other  toyes,  they  kid  at  his  feete,  stroking  hanockseffir 
their  ceremonious  hands  about  his  necke  for  his  creation  totheEngM. 

489 


A.D. 
1 606-10. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


to  be  their  Governour,  promising  their  aides,  victuals,  or 
what  they  had  to  be  his,  if  he  would  stay  with  them  to 
defend  and  revenge  them  of  the  Massawomeckes.  But 
we  left  them  at  Tockwogh,  they  much  sorrowing  for  our 
departure,  yet  we  promised  the  next  yeare  againe  to  visit 
them ;  many  descriptions  and  discourses  they  made  us  of 
Atquanahucke,  Massawomecke,  and  other  people,  signify- 

Cannida.  ing  they  inhabited  the  River  of  Gmnida,  and  from  the 
French  to  have  their  Hatchets,  and  such  like  tooles  by 
trade,  these  know  no  more  of  the  territories  of  Powhatan 
then  his  name,  and  he  as  little  of  them. 

Thus  having  sought  all  the  Inlets  and  Rivers  worth 

PawiuxuntR.  noting,  we  returned  to  discover  the  River  of  Pawtuxunt ; 
these  people  we  found  very  tractable,  and  more  civil!  then 
any,  wee  promised  them,  as  also  the  Patawomeckes,  the 
next  yeare  to  revenge  them  of  the  Massawomeckes. 

In  the  discovery  of  this  River,  which  some  call  Rapa- 
hanocke,  others  Tapahanocke;  we  were  kindely  enter- 
tained by  the  people  of  Moraughtacim :  here  we  encounr 
tred  our  old  friend  Mosko,  a  lustie  Savage  of  Wighcoco- 
moco,  upon  the  River  of  Patawomecke,  wee  supposed 
him  some  Frenchmans  Sonne,  because  he  had  a  thicke, 
blacke,  bush  Beard,  and  the  Savages  seldome  have  any 
at  all,  of  which  hee  was  not  a  little  proud  to  see  so  many 
of  his  Countric  men :  wood,  and  water  hee  would  fetch 
us,  guide  us  any  whether,  nay  cause  divers  of  his  Countrie 
men  to  helpe  us  too,  against  winde  or  tyde,  from  place 
to  place,  till  we  came  to  Patawomeke.  There  he  rested, 
till  we  returned  from  the  head  of  the  River,  and  then 

Mineoj         occasioned  us  conduct  to  the  Mine,  which  we  supposed 

Antimony.  Antimony.  Now  in  this  place  hee  failed  not  to  doe  us 
all  the  good  he  could,  perswading  us  in  any  case  not  to 
goe  to  the  Rapahanocks,  for  they  would  kill  us,  for  being 
mends  with  the  Moraughlacuds,  that  but  lately  had  stolne 
three  of  the  Kings  women.  This  we  did  thinke  was  but 
that  his  friends  might  onely  have  our  trade,  &  so  crossed 
the  River  to  the  Rapahanocks :  there  some  twelve  or 
sixteene  standing  on  the  shore,  directed  us  to  a  Utde 

490 


The  exceeding 
love  of  the 
Savage  Mosco, 


OCCtTRttENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1 606-10. 

narrow  cricke,  where  was  good  landing,  and  commodities  [IV.  ix. 
for  us,  in  three  or  foxire  Canoaes  which  we  saw  there.    But  '7»^-] 

according  to  our  custome,  we  demanded  to  exchange  a 
man,  in  signe  of  love,  which  after  they  had  a  little  con- 
sult^, foure  or  five  came  to  the  middles  to  fetch  our  man, 
and  leave  us  one  of  them,  shewing  we  neede  not  feare 
them,  for  they  had  neither  Clubs,  ^wes,  nor  Arrowes : 
notwithstanding  Anas  Todkill  being  sent  on  shore  to  see 
if  he  could  discover  any  ambuscados ;  desired  to  goe  over 
the  plaine  to  fetch  some  wood,  but  they  were  imwiUing, 
except  we  would  come  into  the  creeke,  where  the  Boate 
might  come  close  a  shore.  Todkill  by  degrees  having 
gotten  some  two  stones  throwes  up  the  plaine,  perceived 
two  or  three  hundred  men  as  he  thought  behinde  the  trees, 
so  that  offering  to  returne  to  the  Boate,  the  Savages  Our  fight 
assayed  to  carry  him  away  perforce  he  called  to  us,  we  viiththe 
were  betraid,  and  by  that  he  had  spoken  the  word,  our  '^^P^^^f^^^- 
hostage  was  overboord,  but  Watkins  his  keeper  slew  him 
in  the  water,  immediately  we  let  fly  amongst  them  so  that 
they  fled,  &  Todkill  escaped,  yet  thev  shot  so  fast  that  he 
fell  flat  on  the  ground  ere  he  could  recover  the  Boate : 
here  the  Massawomecks  Targets  stood  us  in  good  stead, 
for  upon  Moscos  words  we  had  set  them  about  the  forepart 
of  our  Boate  like  a  fore-castell,  from  whence  we  securely 
beate  the  Savages  from  off  the  plaine  without  any  hurt, 
jret  they  shot  more  then  1000.  Arrowes,  and  then  fled 
into  the  woods,  arming  our  selves  with  those  light  Targets 
(which  are  made  of  little  small  sticks,  woven  betwixt 
strings  of  their  hempe  and  silke  grasse,  as  is  our  cloth, 
but  so  firmly,  that  no  Arrow  can  possibly  pierce  them) 
we  rescued  Todkill,  who  was  bloudied  by  some  of  them 
that  were  shot,  but  as  it  pleased  God,  he  had  no  hurt, 
and  followed  them  up  to  the  woods,  we  found  some 
wounded,  some  slaine,  &  in  divers  places  much  bloud :  it 
seemes  all  their  Arrows  were  spent,  for  we  hard  no  more 
of  them :  their  Canoas  we  tooke,  the  Arrowes  which  we 
found  we  broke,  except  those  we  kept  for  Mosco,  to  whom 
we  gave  the  Canoaes  for  his  kindnes,  that  entertained  us 

491 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


The  Savages 
Ssgiitsed  like 
bushes^  fight. 


Fet  her  stones 
Boff. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

in  the  best  triumphing  manner  and  warlike  order  in 
armes  he  coidd  procure  of  the  Moroughtacunds. 

The  rest  of  the  day  wee  spent  in  acconunodating  our 
Boate,  instead  of  tholes  we  made  stickes  like  bed-staves, 
to  which  we  fastned  so  many  of  our  Massawomecke 
Targets,  that  invironed  her  as  wastdoathes :  the  next 
morning  we  went  up  the  River,  and  our  friend  Mosco 
followed  us  along  the  shoare,  but  at  last  desired  to  goe 
with  us  in  oxir  &ate.  But  as  wee  passed  by  Pisacaue, 
Machopeake  and  Wecuppom,  three  Townes  scituated 
upon  high  white  clay  Clins,  the  other  side  all  a  low  plaine 
marish,  and  the  River  there  but  narrow,  thirty  or  forty  of 
the  Rapahanockes  had  so  prepared  themselves  with 
branches,  as  we  tooke  them  for  little  Bushes  growing 
amongst  the  Sedge:  seeing  their  Arrowes  strike  the 
Targets  and  drop  in  the  River,  Mosco  fell  flat  on  his  face, 
crying  the  Rapahanocks;  which  presently  we  espied  to 
be  the  Bushes,  which  at  our  first  Volley  fell  downe  in  the 
Sedge;  when  we  were  gone  neere  halfe  a  mile,  they 
shewed  themselves,  dancing  and  singing  very  merrily. 
The  Kings  of  Pissassacke,  Naudtaughtacund  and  Guttata- 
women,  used  us  kindely,  and  all  the  pec^le  neglected  not 
any  thing  to  Mosco  to  bring  us  to  them.  Betwixt 
Secobecke  and  Massatecke  is  a  small  He  or  two,  which 
causeth  the  River  to  be  broder  then  ordinary:  there  it 

E leased  God  to  take  one  of  our  company,  called  M. 
Lichard  Fetherstone,  that  all  the  time  hee  had  beene  in 
the  Country  had  behaved  himselfe  very  honestly,  valiantly, 
&  industriously,  where  in  a  little  Bay,  called  hereupon 
Fetherstones  Bay,  we  buried  him  with  a  voUy  of  shot, 
the  rest  notwithstanding  their  ill  diet  and  bad  lodging 
crouded  in  so  small  a  Sarge,  in  so  many  dangers  never 
resting,  but  alwaies  tossed  to  &  againe,  had  all  well 
recovered  their  healths.  The  next  day  we  sailed  so  high 
as  our  Boat  would  flote,  there  setting  up  Crosses.  Then 
we  discovered  the  River  of  Payankatank,  so  high  as  it 
was  Navigable,  but  the  people  were  most  a  hunting,  but 
a  few  old  men,  women  and  children,  that  were  tending 

492 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA 

their  Corne ;  of  which,  they  promised  us  part  when  wee 
would  fetch  it,  as  had  done  all  the  other  Nations  where 
ever  we  had  yet  beene.  In  a  faire  calme,  rowing  towards 
Point  Comfort,  wee  anchored  in  Gusnolds  Bay ;  but  such 
a  sodaine  gust  surprised  us  in  the  night,  with  thunder  and 
raine,  that  wee  never  thought  more  to  have  seene  James 
Towne ;  yet  runninjg^  before  the  winde,  we  sometimes  see 
the  Land  by  the  flashes  of  fire  from  heaven,  by  which  light 
onely  wee  kept  from  the  splitting  shoare,  untill  it  pleased 
God  in  that  blacke  darkenesse  to  preserve  us  by  that  light 
to  finde  Point  Comfort:  there  refreshing  our  selves, 
because  wee  had  onely  but  heard  of  the  Chisapearckes  and 
Nandsamunds,  wee  thought  it  as  fit  to  know  all  our  Neigh- 
bours neere  home,  as  so  many  Nations  abroad.  This  wee 
did  (the  particulars  are  omitted)  and  arrived  safe  the 
seventh  of  September,  1608.  where  wee  found  Master 
Skrivener,  and  divers  others  well  recovered,  many  dead, 
some  sicke :  The  late  President  prisoner  for  muteny ;  by 
the  honest  diligence  of  Master  Skrivener  the  harvest 

fithered,  but  the  stores  provision  much  spoiled  with  raine. 
hus  was  that  yeare  (when  nothing  wanted)  consumed 
and  spent,  and  nothing  done  ^such  was  the  government 
of  Captaine  Ratcliffe)  but  onely  this  Discovery,  wherein 
to  expresse  all  the  dangers,  accidents,  and  incounters  this 
small  number  passed  in  that  small  Barge,  with  such  watrie 
diet  in  these  Gfreat  waters  and  barbarous  Countries  (till 
then  to  any  Christian  utterly  unknowne)  I  rathef  referre 
their  merit  to  the  censure  of  the  courteous  and  experienced 
Reader,  then  I  would  be  tedious,  or  partiall,  being  a  party. 
By  Nathaniell  Powell,  and  Anas  Todkill. 


THe  tenth  of  September  i6o8.  by  the  election  of  the 
Councell,  and  request  of  the  Company,  Captaine 
Smith  received  the  Letters  Patents,  and  tooke  upon  him 
the  place  of  President,  which  tUl  then  by  no  meanes  he 
would  accept,  though  he  were  often  importuned  thereunto. 
Now  the  building  of  RatcliflFes  Pallace  was  staid  as  a  thing 

493 


A.D. 
1606-10. 


Forfeare  oj 
tet&ousmssi  I 
havi  lift  out 
the  most. 
Their  proceed- 
ing at  James 
Totone. 


The  Presi- 
dency sur- 
rendered to 
Cap.  Smithy 
the  arrival 
and  retume  of 
the  second 
supply:  and 
what 
happened* 
Chap.  7. 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  FILGRIMES 

1606-10. 

needelesse.    The  Church  was  repaired,  the  Storehouse 

recovered ;  building  prepared  for  the  supply  we  expected. 

[IV.  ix.         The  Fort  reduced  to  the  forme  of  this  figure,  the  order  of 

Tk  if  "^"^-^  watch  renued,  the  squadrons  (each  setting  of  the  watch) 

iWwA*^'^    trained:  The  whole  Company  every  Saturday  exerased 

in  a  field  prepared  for  that  purpose ;  the  Boates  trimmed 

for  trade,  which  in  their  journey  encountred  the  second 

supply,  that  brought  them  backe  to  discover  the  Country 

of  Monacan.     Ek>w,  or  why,  Captaine  Newport  obtained 

such  a  private  Commission  as  not  to  returne  without  a 

lumpe  of  Gold,  a  certainty  of  the  South-Sea  or  one  of  the 

lost  Company  of  Sir  Walter  Rawley  I  know  not,  nor  why 

he  brought  such  a  five  pieced  Barge,  not  to  beare  us  to  that 

South-Sea,  till  wee  had  borne  her  over  the  Mountaines 

(which  how  iarre  they  extend  is  yet  unknowne) :  as  for  the 

CiviRty  is  not  Coronation  of  Powhatan,  and  his  Presents  of   Bason, 

the  way  to  win  Ewer,  Bed,  Cloathes,  and  such  costhr  novelties,  they  had 

Z^ific^ce     ^^^  ^^^  httttr  well  spared  then  so  iU  spent.     For  we  had 

and  bounty  to   bis  favour  much  better,  onely  for  a  poore  peece  of  Copper, 

reclame         till  this  Stately  kinde  of  soliciting  made  him  so  much 

Barbarians,     overvalue  himselfe,   that  he  respected  us  as   much  as 

puluJwttb     ^^^^^^S  at  a^^  5  as  for  the  hiring  of  the  Poles  and  Dutch 

toyes  and  awed  *^  niake  Pitch  and  Tarre,  Glasse,  Mils,  and  Sope-ashes, 

with  rods;      was  most  necessary  and  well.     But  to  send  them  and 

and  this  course  seventy  more  without  victuall  to  worke,  was  not  so  well 

i'^^^h^h      considered;  yet  this  could  not  have  hurt  us,  had  they 

ahmys  best     ^^^  ^°  hundred  (though  then  we  were  one  hundred  and 

prosperedwith  thirty  that  wanted  for  our  selves.^      For  wee  had  the 

wilde  Indians  Savages  in  that  order  (their  harvest  oeing  newly  gatho^d) 

either  to  doe     that  we  feared  not  to  get  victuall  suffioent,  lad  wee  bin 

make  them      ^^^  hundred.     Now  was  there  no  way  to  make  us  miser- 

good  to  us  or    able,  but  to  neglect  that  time  to  make  our  Provision, 

themsehes.      whilst  it  was  to  be  had ;  the  which  was  done  to  perfbfme 

This  vanity  of  this  Strange  Discovery,  but  more  strangne  Coronation ;  to 

^pZfhatM       ^^^^  ^^^^  t^raty  spend  that  victuall  wee  had,  tire  and  starve 

overvalue        ^^  Ttittiy  having  no  meanes  to  carry  victoall,  nmnition, 

himselfe,  his     the  hurt  or  sicke,  but  their  owne  backes,  how  or  by  whom 

Cotne,  Uc.     they  'were  invented,  I  know  not ;  ^But  Captaine  Newport 

494 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1 606-10. 

we  onely  acroimted  the  author,  who  to  effect  these  pro- 
jects had  so  gilded  all  our  hopes,  with  fi;reat  promises, 
that  both  Company  and  CounceU  concluded  his  resolution. 
I  confesse  wee  little  understood  then  our  estates,  to  con- 
clude his  conclusion,  against  all  the  inconveniences  the 
foreseeing  President  alleadged.  There  was  added  to  the 
Counsell  one  Captaine  Waldo,  and  Captaine  Winne,  two 
ancient  Souldiers  and  valiant  Gentlemen,  but  ignorant  of 
the  businesse  (being  newly  arrived)  Ratcliffe  was  also  No  way  but 
permitted  to  have  his  voyce,  and  Master  Scrivener  desirous  ^'  ^  ^/J'' 
to  see  strange  Countries,  so  that  although  Smith  was  JJ^jJ^^ 
President,  yet  the  Counsell  had  the  authority,  and  ruled 
it  as  they  listed ;  as  for  cleering  Smiths  objections,  how 
Pitch,  and  Tarre,  Wanscot,  Clapboord,  Glasse,  and  Sope- 
ashes,  could  be  provided  to  rekde  the  Ship ;  or  provision 
got  to  live  with  all,  when  none  was  in  the  Countrey,  and 
that  which  we  had,  spent  before  the  Shippes  departed: 
The  answere  was,  Captaine  Newport  undertooke  to 
fraught  the  Pinnace  with  Corne,  in  going  and  returning  in 
his  Discovery,  and  to  refraught  her  againe  from  Werowo- 
comoco;  also  promising  a  great  proportion  of  victuall 
from  his  Ship,  inferring  that  Smiths  propositions  were 
onely  devises  to  hinder  his  journey,  to  effect  it  himselfe ; 
and  that  the  cruelty  Smith  Imd  used  to  the  Savages,  in  his 
absence,  might  occasion  them  to  hinder  his  designes :  For 
whkh,  all  workes  were  left,  and  one  hundred  and  twenty 
chosen  men  were  appointed  for  his  guard;  and  Smith, 
to  make  deere  these  seeming  suspitions,  that  the  Savages 
were  not  so  desperate,  as  was  pretended  by  Captaine  New- 
port, and  how  willing  hee  was  to  further  them  to  effect 
their  projects  (because  the  Coronation  would  consume 
much  time)  undertooke  their  message  to  Powhatan,  to  Captain  Smith 
intreate  him  to  come  to  James  Towne  to  receive  his  ^'^^hfoure 
Presents,  accompanied  onely  with  Captaine  Waldo,  f^^^^^ 
Master  Andrew  Buckler,  Edward  Brinton,  and  Samuell 
Collier;  with  these  foure  hee  went  over  land,  against 
Werawocomoco ;  there  passed  the^River  of  Pamaudke  in 
the  Savages  Canoaes,  Powhatan  being  thirty  miles  off, 

'495 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1 606-10. 

who,  presently  was  sent  for,  in  the  meane  time  his  women 
entertained  Smith  in  this  manner. 
Tke  foemens        In  a  faire  plaine  field  thev  made  a  fire,  before  which  he 
^^^^^^^^^  sitting  upon  a  Mat;   suddenly  amongst  the  woods  was 
a^^erawoco'  y^^^^  g^^^  ^  hideous  noisc  and  shriking,  that  they  betooke 
them  to  their  armes,  supposing  Powhatan  with  all  his 
power  came  to  surprise  them ;   but  the  beholders  which 
were   many,   men,   women,   and  children,   satisfied    the 
Captaine  there  was  no  such  matter,  being  presently  pre- 
sented with  this  anticke,  thirty  yong  women  came  naked 
out  of  the  woods  (onely  covered  behinde  &  before  with 
a  few  greene  leaves)  their  bodies  all  painted,  some  white, 
some  red,  some  blacke,  some  party  colour,  but  every  one 
JtoiJde         different,  their  leader  had  a  fiure  paire  of  Stagges  homes 
innliuron'  ^^  ^^^  head,  and  another  Skinne  at  her  girdle,  another  at 
/^sott.    ^^^  arme,  a  quiver  of  Arrowes  at  her  backe,  and  Bowes 
and  Arrowes  m  her  hand,  the  next  in  her  hand  a  Sword, 
another  a  Clubbe,  another  a  Pot-sticke,  all  homd  alike, 
the  rest  every  one  with  their  severall  devises.     These 
Feinds  with  most  hellish  cries  and  shouts  rushing  firom 
amongst  the  trees,  cast  themselves  in  a  rin^  about  ue  fire, 
singing  and  dancing  with  excellent  ill  variety,  oft  falling 
into  their  infernall  passions,  and  then  solemnely  againe 
to  sing  and  dance.     Having  spent  neere  an  houre  in  this 
Maskarado,  as  they  entred,  in  like  manner  they  departed. 
Having    reaccommodated    themselves,    they    solemnly 
invited  Smith  to  their  lodging,  but  no  sooner  was  hec 
within  the  house,  but  all  these  Nimphes  more  tormented 
him  then  ever,  with  crowding,  and  pressing,  and  hanging 
upon  him,  most  tediously  crying.  Love  you  not  meer 
This  salutation  ended,  the  feast  was  set,  consisting  of 
Fruite  in  Baskets,  Fish  and  Flesh  in  woodden  Platters, 
[IV.  iz.         Beanes  and  Pease  there  wanted  not  (for  twenty  Hogges) 
>7*8.]  nor  any  Savage  daintie  which  their  invention  could  devise ; 
some  attending,  others  sinj^ing  and  dancing  about  them : 
this  mirth  and  banquet  being  ended,  with  Firebrands 
(instead  of  Torches)  they  conducted  him  to  his  lodging. 
The  next  day  came  Powhatan ;    Smith  delivered  his 

496 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA 

Message  of  the  Presents  sent  him,  and  redelivered  him 
Namontacke,  desiring  him  to  come  to  his  Father  Newport 
to  accept  those  Presents,  and  conclude  their  revenge 
against  the  Monacans :  whereupon,  the  subtiU  Savage  thus 
replved : 

If  vour  King  have  sent  mee  presents,  I  also  am  a  King, 
and  tnis  my  land ;  eight  dayes  I  will  stay  to  receive  them ; 
your  Father  is  to  come  to  mee,  not  I  to  him,  nor  yet  to 
your  Fort,  neither  will  I  bite  at  such  a  baite :  as  for  the 
Monacans,  I  can  revenge  my  owne  injuries,  and  as  for 
Aaquanuchucke,  where  you  say  your  Brother  was  slaine, 
it  is  a  contrary  way  from  those  parts  you  suppose  it.  But 
for  any  salt  water  beyond  the  Mountaines,  the  relations 
you  have  had  from  my  people  are  false;  whereupon  he 
began  to  draw  plots  upon  the  ground  (according  to  his 
discourse)  of  all  those  Regions:  many  other  discourses 
they  had  (yet  both  desirous  to  give  each  other  content  in 
Complementall  curtesies)  and  so  Captaine  Smith  returned 
with  this  answer. 

Upon  this  Captaine  Newport  sent  his  presents  by  water, 
which  is  neere  one  hundred  miles,  with  fifty  of  the  best 
shot,  himselfe  went  by  land,  which  is  but  twelve  miles, 
where  he  met  with  our  three  Barges  to  transport  him  over. 
All  things  being  fit  for  the  day  of  his  Coronation,  the 
presents  were  brought,  his  Bason,  Ewer,  Bed  and  Furni- 
ture set  up,  his  Scaxlet  Cloake  and  Apparell  (with  much 
adoe)  put  on  him,  being  perswaded  by  Namontacke,  they 

So  much  was  done  to  buy  repentance  with  more  cost  then  worship. 
If  we  seeke  Savages  we  loose  them,  if  wee  force  them  to  seeke  us,  wee 
shal  finde  these  shadowes  of  men  close  at  our  feet.  I  have  read  more 
stories  of  them  then  perhaps  any  man,  and  finde  that  a  cruell  mercy  in 
awing  Savages  to  feare  us  is  better  then  that  mercifiiU  cruelty,  which  by 
too  much  kindenes  hath  made  us  feare  them,  or  else  by  too  much  con- 
£dence  to  loose  our  selves.  Smith  &  Newport  may  by  their  examples 
teach  the  just  course  to  be  taken  with  such  :  the  one  breeding  awe  and 
dread,  without  Spanish  or  Panike  terror,  the  other  disgraced  in  seeking 
to  grace  with  offices  of  humanity,  those  which  are  gracelesse.  Neither 
doth  it  become  us  to  use  Savages  with  savagenesse,  nor  yet  with  too 
humaine  usage,  but  in  a  middle  path  (medio  tutissimus  ibis)  to  goe  and 
doe  so  that  they  may  admire  and  feare  us,  as  those  whom  God,  Religion, 


A.D. 
1 606-10. 
Captain 
Smiths 
message. 


Powkatans 
answer. 


Powhatans 
CoronattOH. 


XVIII 


497 


31 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMES 

1606-10. 

would  doe  him  no  hurt.  But  a  soule  trouble  there  was 
to  make  him  kneele  to  receive  his  Crowne,  he  neither 
knowing  the  Majesty  nor  meaning  of  a  Crowne,  nor  bend- 
ing of  the  knee,  indured  so  many  perswasions,  examples, 
and  instructions,  as  tired  them  all :  At  last,  by  leaning 
hard  on  his  shoulders,  he  a  little  stooped,  so  they  mit  the 
Crowne  on  his  head.  When  by  the  warning  of  a  JPistoU, 
the  Boates  were  prepared  with  such  a  Volly  of  shot,  that 
the  King  start  up  in  a  horrible  feare,  till  he  see  all  was 
well,  then  remembring  himselfe,  to  congratulate  their 
kindenesse,  he  gave  his  old  Shooes  and  his  Mantle  to 
Captaine  Newport.  But  perceiving  his  purpose  was 
to  discover  the  Monacans,  he  kboured  to  divert 
his  resolution,  refusing  to  lend  him  either  men  or 
guides,  more  then  Namontacke,  and  so  (after  some  com- 
plementall  kindenesse  on  both  sides)  in  requitall  of  his 
presents,  he  presented  Newport  with  a  heape  of  Wheatc 
eares,  that  might  containe  some  seven  or  eight  bushels^ 
and  as  much  more  we  bought  ready  dressed  in  the  Towne> 
wherewith  we  returned  to  the  Fort. 

The  Ship  having  disburdened  her  selfe  of  seventy 
persons,  with  the  first  Gentlewoman,  and  woman  servant 
that  arrived  in  our  Colony ;  Captaine  Newport  with  all 
the  Counsell,  and  one  hundred  and  twenty  chosen  men,  set 
forward  for  the  discovery  of  Monacan,  leaving  the  Presi- 
dent at  the  Fort  with  eighty  (such  as  they  were)  to  relade 

Civility,  and  Art,  have  made  so  farre  superior  ;  yet  to  abuse  them 
(unprovoked)  as  hostile  slaves,  or  as  meere  beasts,  with  cruell  and  beastly 
severity,  whom  nature  hath  equally  made  men.  Thn  breedes  desperate 
depopulations,  as  in  the  Spanish  Indies  hath  been  seene ;  that  gentlenesse 
and  unequall  equity  makes  them  proud  and  treacherous,  as  wofiill 
experience  hath  taught  in  the  late  massacre.  Our  temperance  and 
justice  should  be  qualified  with  prudence  and  fortitude.  Neither  must 
wee  make  them  beasts,  nor  yet  value  them  as  Christians,  till  we  have 
made  them  such  ;  and  the  way  to  make  them  Christian  men,  is  first  to 
make  them  civill  men,  to  file  off  the  rust  of  their  humanity,  which  as 
children  (the  like  in  uming  wilde  Beasts)  must  be  done  with  severe 
gentlenesse,  and  gentle  severity,  which  may  breede  in  them  a  loving  awe, 
or  awfiill  love,  at  least  a  just  dread  toward  us,  that  feare  may  nuke  them 
know  us,  and  then  the  huh  is  ours  if  they  see  no  cause  to  love  us. 

498 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

i6o6-ia 
the  Ship.  Arriving  at  the  fals,  wee  marched  by  land  some 
forty  miles  in  two  dayes  and  a  halfe;  and  so  returned 
downe  to  the  same  path  we  went.  Two  Townes  we  dis- 
covered of  the  Monacans,  the  people  neither  using  us 
well  nor  ill,  yet  for  our  security  we  tooke  one  of  their 
petty  Werowances,  and  led  him  bound,  to  conduct  us  the 
wav.  And  in  our  retume  searched  many  places  we  supposed 
Mmes,  about  which  we  spent  some  time  in  refining, 
having  one  William  Callicut  a  refiner,  fitted  for  that  pur- 
pose, fi-om  that  crust  of  earth  which  we  digged,  he 
perswaded  us  to  beleeve  hee  extracted  some  small  quantity 
of  Silver  (and  not  unlikely  some  better  stuffe  might  be 
had  for  the  digging)  with  this  poore  triall  being  contented 
to  leave  this  fiure,  tertill,  well  watered  Country.  Comming 
to  the  Fals,  the  Savages  fained  there  were  divers  Ships 
come  into  the  Bay  to  kill  them  at  James  Towne.  Trade 
they  would  not,  and  finde  their  Corne  we  could  not,  for 
they  had  hid  it  in  the  woods,  and  being  thus  deluded  we 
arrived  at  James  Towne,  halfe  sicke,  all  complaining,  and 
tired  with  toile,  famine,  and  discontent,  to  have  onely  but 
discovered  oiu:  gilded  hopes,  and  fruitlesse  certainties,  as 
the  President  foretold  us. 

No  sooner  were  we  landed,  but  the  President  dispersed 
as  many  as  were  able,  some  for  Glasse,  others  for  Pitch, 
Tarre  and  Sope-ashes,  leaving  them  (with  the  Fort)  to 
the  Councels  oversight.  But  thirtie  of  us  he  conducted 
five  miles  fi-om  the  Fort  to  learne  to  make  clap-boord, 
cut  downe  Trees,  and  lie  in  Woods ;  amongst  the  rest  he 
had  chosen  Gabriell  Beadell,  and  John  Russell  the  only 
two  Gallants  of  this  last  supply,  and  both  proper  Gentle- 
men :  strange  were  these  pleasures  to  their  conditions,  yet  [IV.  ix. 
lodging,  eating,  drinking,  working,  or  playing,  they  doing  i7»9'] 

but  as  the  President,  all  these  things  were  carried  so 
pleasantly,  as  within  a  weeke  they  became  Masters,  making 
it  their  delight  to  heare  the  Trees  thunder  as  they  fell,  but 
the  Axes  so  oft  blistered  their  tender  fingers,  that  com- 
monly every  third  blow  had  a  lowd  Oath  to  drowne  the 
Eccho ;  for  remedie  of  which  sinne  the  President  devised 

499 


A«D. 
1606-10. 

A  preni 
pmtishmint 
fir  swearing. 


One  Gentle- 
man hetter 
then  taentie 
Lnbbers, 


The  Chicka- 
kamines  farced 
t9  contribution. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

how  to  have  every  mans  Oathes  numbred,  and  at  night, 
for  every  Oath  to  have  a  Kan  of  water  powred  downe  his 
sleeve,  with  which  every  Offender  was  so  washed  (himselfe 
and  all)  that  a  man  should  scarce  heare  an  Oath  in  a 
Weeke. 

By  this,  let  no  man  thinke  that  the  President,  or  these 
Gentlemen  spent  their  times  as  common  Wood-hackers 
at  felling  of  Trees,  or  such  like  other  labours,  or  that  they 
were  pressed  to  any  thing  as  hirelings  or  common  slaves, 
for  what  they  did  (beeing  but  once  a  litde  inured)  it 
seemed,  and  they  conceit^  it  only  as  a  pleasure  and  a 
recreation.  Yet  thirtie  or  fortie  of  such  voluntarie 
Gendemen  would  doe  more  in  a  day  then  one  hundred 
of  the  rest  that  must  be  prest  to  it  by  compidsion.  Master 
Scrivener,  Captaine  Waldo,  and  Gaptaine  Winne  at  the 
Fort,  every  one  in  like  manner  carefully  regarded  their 
charge.  The  President  returning  from  amongst  the 
Woods  seeing  the  time  consumed,  and  no  provision 
gotten,  (and  the  ship  lay  idle,  and  would  do  nothing) 
presently  imbarked  himselfe  in  the  Discovery  Barge, 
giving  order  to  the  Coimcell,  to  send  Master  Percie  after 
him  with  the  next  Barge  that  arrived  at  the  Fort;  two 
Barges,  he  had  himselfe,  and  twentie  men,  but  arriving  at 
Chickahamina,  that  dogged  Nation  was  too  well  acquainted 
with  our  wants,  refusing  to  trade,  with  as  much  scome 
and  insolencie  as  they  could  eTOresse.      The  President 

Eerceiving  it  was  Powhatans  policie  to  starve  us,  told  them 
ee  came  not  so  much  for  their  Corne,  as  to  revenge  his 
imprisonment,  and  the  death  of  his  men  murdered  by 
them,  and  so  landing  his  men,  and  readie  to  charge  them, 
they  immediatly  fled ;  but  then  they  sent  their  Ambassa- 
dors, with  corne,  fish,  fowle,  or  what  they  had  to  make  their 
peace  (their  corne  being  that  yeere  bad)  they  complained 
extremely  of  their  owne  wants  yet  fraughted  our  Boates 
with  one  hundred  bushels  of  Corne,  and  in  like  manner 
Master  Percies,  that  not  long  after  us  arrived;  they 
having  done  the  best  they  could  to  content  us,  within 
foure  or  five  dayes  wee  returned  to  James  Towne. 

500 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 
All  this  time  our  old  Taverne,  made  as  much  of  all  them  A  good  tavern 
that  had  either  Money  or  Ware  as  could  be  desired ;  and  ^**  f^rgtnia. 
by  this  time  they  were  become  so  perfect  on  all  sides  (I 
meane  Souldiers,  Saylers,  and  Savages)  as  there  was  ten 
times  more  care,  to  maintayne  their  damnable  and  private 
Trade,  then  to  provide  for  the  Colonic  things  that  were 
necessarie,  neither  was  it  a  small  policie  in  the  Mariners, 
to  report  in  England  wee  had  sudi  plentie,  and  bring  us 
so  many  men  without  victuall,  when  they  had  so  many 
private  Factors  in  the  Fort,  that  within  sixe  or  seven 
weekes  after  the  ships  retiirne,  of  two  or  three  himdred 
Hatchets,    Chissels,    Mattockes,    and    Pick-axes    scarce 
twentie  could  bee  found,  and  for  Pike-heads,  Knives, 
Shot,  Powder,  or  any  thing  they  could  steale  from  their 
fellowes   was   vendible  ;    They    knew   as   well   (and    as  ^^d  trade  of 
secretly)  how  to  convay  them  to  trade  with  the  Savages,  ^^HH  ^ 
for  Furres,  Baskets,  Mussaneekes,  young  beasts  or  such 
like  Commodities,  as  to  exchange  them  with  the  Savlers, 
for  Butter,  Cheese,  Beefe,  Porke,  Aquavitae,  Beere,  Bisket, 
and  Oate-meale;   and  then  faine,  that  all  was  sent  them 
from   their  friends.     And   though   Virginia  afFoord   no 
Fxures  for  the  store,  yet  one  Mariner  in  one  Voyage  hath 

?[ot  so  many,  as  he  hath  confessed  to  have  sold  in  England 
or  thirtie  pound.  And  for  all  this  riot  and  Newports 
boasting  to  leave  us  for  twelve  monethes,  though  we  had 
eightie  nine  by  his  Discoverie  sicke  and  lame,  which  by 
one  man  for  a  pound  of  Copper  might  much  better  have 
beene  done,  and  having  but  a  pint  of  Come  a  dav  for 
a  man,  we  were  constramed  to  give  him  three  Hogsheads 
of  that  Corne  to  victuall  his  ship  homeward. 

Those  are  the  Saint-seeming  Worthies  of  Virginia, 
that  have  notwithstanding  all  this,  meat,  drinke,  and  pay, 
but  now  they  beginne  to  grow  wearie,  their  Trade  beeing 
both  perceived  and  prevented;  none  hath  beene  in 
Virginia  (that  hath  observed  any  thing)  which  knowes 
not  this  to  be  true,  and  yet  the  scorne,  and  shame  was 
the  poore  Souldiers,  Gentlemen  and  carelesse  Govcrnours, 
who  were  all  thus  bought  and  sold,  the  Adventurers 

SOI 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606-10. 

coozened,  and  the  action  overthrowne  by  their  fidse 
excuses,  informations,  and  directions  by  tlus  let  all  the 
World  Judge,  how  this  businesse  could  prosper,  being 
thus  abused  by  such  pilfering  occasions. 

The  proceedings  and  accidents,  with  the   second 

supply. 

Serwiwrs  Master  Scrivener  was  sent  with  the  Barges  and  Pinnace 

wjagetoWer-  to  Werawocomoco,  where  he  found  the  Savages  more 

awocomoco.       ^eadie  to  fight  then  trade,  but  his  vigilancie  was  such,  as 

prevented  their  projects,  and  by  the  meanes  of  Namontack 

got  three  or  fbure  Hogsheads  of  Come,  and  as  much  red 

paint  which  (then)  was  esteemed  an  excellent  die. 

Captaine  Newport  being  dispatched  with  the  tryals  of 

Pitch,  Tarre,  Glasse,  Frankincense,  and  Sope-ashes,  with 

that  Clapboord  and  Wainscot  which  could  bee  provided, 

met  with  Master  Scrivener  at  Point  Comfort,  and  so 

returned  for  England,  leaving  us  in  all  two  hundred,  with 

those  he  brought  us. 

[IV.  ix.  Those   poore   conclusions   so   affrighted   us   all   with 

'7*0.]  famine;    that  the  President  provided  for  Nansamund, 

f^eTto         tooke  with  him  Captaine  Winne  and  Master  Scrivener, 

coHtributitm.     (then  returning  from  Captaine  Newport)  these  people  also 

k)ng  denied  him  Trade  (excusing  themselves  to  be  so 

commanded  by  Powhatan)  till  we  were  constrained  to 

begin  with  them  perforce,  and  then  they  would  rather 

seU  us  some,  then  we  should  take  all;    so  loading  our 

Boats,  with  one  hundred  bushels  wee  parted  friends,  and 

came   to   James   Towne,   at   which   time,   there   was  a 

Marriage  betweene  John  Laydon  and  Anna  Buirowes, 

^^^** ,  being  the  first  Marriage  we  had  in  Virginia. 

mamage.  Long  he  stayed  not,  but  fitting  himselfe  and  Captaine 

Waldo  with  two  Barges,  from  dhawopo,  Weanocke  and 

all  parts  there,  was  found  neither  Corne  nor  Savage,  but 

Afpamahuke   all  fled  (being  jealous  of  our  intents)  till  we  discovered 

discovered.       ^he  River  and  people  of  Appametuck,  where  we  found 

little :    that  which  they  had,  wee  equally  devided,  betwixt 

the  Savages  and  us  (but  gave  them  Copper  in  consideni- 


OCCURRENTS  IN   VIRGINIA  a.v. 

1606-10. 

tion)   Master  Percie,   and   Master   Scrivener  went  also 
abroad  but  could  finde  nothing. 

The  President  seeing  this  procrastinating  of  time,  was 
no  course  to  live,  resolved  with  Captaine  Waldo  (whom 
he  knew  to  be  sure  in  time  of  need)  to  surprize  Powhatan, 
and  all  his  provision,  but  Captaine  Winne,  and  Master 
Scrivener  (for  some  private  respects)  did  their  best  to 
hinder  their  project:  But  the  President  whom  no  per- 
swasions  could  perswade  to  starve,  being  invited  by 
Powhatan  to  come  unto  him,  and  if  he  would  send  him 
but  men  to  build  him  a  house,  bring  him  a  Grindstone, 
£ftie  Swords,  some  Peeces,  a  Cocke  and  a  Henne,  with 
Copper  and  Beads,  he  would  load  his  ship  with  Corne, 
the  President  not  ignorant  of  his  devices,  yet  unwilling 
to  neglect  any  opportunitie,  presently  sent  three  Dutch- 
men and  two  English  (having  no  victuals  to  imploy  them, 
aU  for  want  thereof  being  icfle)  knowing  there  needed  no 
better  Castell,  then  that  house  to  surprize  Powhatan,  to 
effect  this  project  hee  tooke  order  with  Captaine  Waldo 
to  second  him  if  need  required;  Scrivener  he  left  his 
Substitute;  and  set  forth  with  the  Pinnace  two  Bargees, 
and  sixe  and  fortie  men  which  only  were  such  as  volun- 
tarily offered  themselves  for  his  journie  the  which  (by 
reason  of  Master  Scriveners  ill  successe)  was  censured 
very  de^rate,  they  all  knowing  Smith  would  not  returne 
emptie  nowsoever,  caused  many  of  those  that  he  had 
appointed,  to  find  excuses  to  stay  behind. 

THe  nine  and  twentieth  of  December  hee  set  forward  Ca^.  Smiths 
for    Werawocomoco.      In    the    Pinnace.      Master  jonmie  to 
George  Percie,  brother  to  the  Earle  of  Northumberland.  ^^^' 
Master  Francis  West,  brother  to  the  Lord  De-la- Ware. 
William   Phetiplace    Captaine   of   the   Pinnace.      Jonas 
Profit  Master.     Robert  Ford  Clerke  of  the  Councell. 

Michaell  Phetiplace.  Geoffery  Abbot  Sergeant. 
William  Tankard.  George  Yarington.  James  Bourne. 
George  Burton.     Thomas  Coe.     Gentlemen. 

John  Dods.     Edward  Brinton.     Nathaniell  Peacocke. 

503 


A.D. 
1 606- 10. 


The  good 
counsill  of 
fVeraskoyake. 


P Untie  of 
victuall. 


148.  Fofoles 
killed  at  three 
shoots. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

Henry  Powell.  David  Ellis.  Thomas  Gipson.  John 
Prat.  George  Acrigge.  James  Reade.  Nicholas  Han* 
cocke.  James  Watkins.  Anthony  Baggly  Serjeant. 
Thomas  Lambert.     Edward  Pising  Sergeant.     SouHiers. 

Foure  Dutchmen  and  Richard  Savage  were  sent  by 
Land,  to  build  the  house  for  Powhatan  against  our 
arrivall. 

This  company  being  victualled  but  for  three  or  foure 
dayes  lodged  the  first  night  at  Weraskoyack,  where  the 
President  tooke  sufficient  provision ;  This  kinde  Savage 
did  his  best  to  divert  him  from  seeing  Powhatan,  but 
perceiving  hee  could  not  prevaile,  hee  advised  in  this 
manner ;  Captaine  Smith,  you  shall  find  Powhatan  to  use 
you  kindly,  but  trust  him  not,  and  be  sure  he  have  no 
opportunitie  to  seize  on  your  armes,  for  he  hath  sent  for 
you  only  to  cut  your  throts ;  the  Captaine  thanked  him 
for  his  good  counsell,  yet  the  better  to  try  his  love,  desired 
Guides  to  Chowanoke,  for  hee  would  send  a  present  to 
that  King  to  bind  him  his  friend.  To  perrorme  this 
Journey,  was  sent  Michael  Sicklemore,  a  very  honest 
valiant,  and  painfull  Souldier,  with  him  two  Guides,  and 
directions  how  to  search  for  the  lost  company  of  Sir 
Walter  Rawleigh,  and  Silke  Grasse :  then  wee  departed 
thence,  the  President  assuring  the  King  his  perpetuall 
love,  and  left  with  him  Samuefl  Collier  his  Page  to  leame 
the  Language. 

The  next  night  being  lodged  at  Kecoughtan  sixe  or 
seven  dayes,  the  extreme  wind,  raine,  frost,  and  snow, 
caused  us  to  keepe  Christmasse  amongst  die  Savages, 
where  we  were  never  more  merrie,  nor  fed  on  more  plentie 
of  good  Oysters,  Fish,  Flesh,  Wilde-foule,  and  good 
Bread,  nor  never  had  better  fires  in  England  then  in  the 
dry  warme  smokie  houses  of  Kecoughtan.  But  departing 
thence,  when  we  found  no  houses,  we  were  not  curious 
in  any  weather,  to  lie  three  or  foure  nights  together  upon 
any  shore  under  the  Trees  bv  a  good  fire.  The  President 
Anthony  Bagly,  and  Edwara  Pising,  did  kill  one  hundred 
fbrtie  and  eight  Fowles  at  three  shootes.     At  Kiskiack  the 

504 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA 

Frost  forced  us  three  or  foure  dayes  also  to  suppresse  the 
insolencie  of  those  proud  Savages;  to  quarter  in  their 
houses,  and  guard  our  Barge,  and  cause  them  give  us 
what  we  wanted,  yet  were  wee  but  twelve  with  the 
President,  and  yet  wee  never  wanted  Harbour  where  wee 
found  any  houses. 

The  twelfth  of  January  we  arrived  at  Wcrawocomo, 
where  the  River  was  frozen  neere  halfe  a  mile  from  the 
shore ;  but  to  neglect  no  time,  the  President  with  his  Barge, 
so  farre  had  approached  by  breaking  the  Ice  as  the  ebbe 
left  him  amongst  those  Ozie  shoales,  yet  rather  then  to 
lie  there  frozen  to  death,  by  his  owne  example  he  taught 
them  to  march  middle  deepe,  more  then  a  flight  snot 
through  this  muddie  frozen  Oze ;  when  the  Barge  floted 
hee  appointed  two  or  three  to  returne  her  aboord  the 
Pinnace,  where  for  want  of  water  in  melting  the  Salt  Ice 
they  made  fresh  water,  but  in  this  march  Master  Russell 
(whom  none  could  perswade  to  stay  behind)  being  some- 
what ill,  and  exceeding  heavie,  so  over-toyled  himselfe, 
as  the  rest  had  much  adoe  (ere  hee  got  ashore)  to  regaine 
life,  into  his  dead  benummed  spirits,  quartering  in  the 
next  Houses  wee  found,  we  sent  to  Powhatan  for  pro- 
vision, who  sent  us  plentie  of  Bread,  Turkeyes,  and 
Venison.  The  next  day  having  feasted  us  after  his 
ordinary  manner,  he  began  to  aske,  when  we  would  bee 
gone,  rayning  hee  sent  not  for  us,  neither  had  hee  any 
Corne,  and  his  people  much  lesse,  yet  for  fortie  Swords 
hee  would  procure  us  fortie  bushels.  The  President 
shewing  him  the  men  there  present,  that  brought  him 
the  message  and  conditions,  asked  him  how  it  chanced 
hee  became  so  forgetfull,  thereat  the  King  concluded  the 
matter  with  a  merrie  laughter,  asking  for  our  Com- 
modities, but  none  hee  liked  without  Gunnes  and 
Swordes,  valuing  a  basket  of  Corne  more  precious  then 
a  Basket  of  Copper,  saying,  hee  could  eate  his  Corne,  but 
not  his  Copper. 

Captaine  Smith  seeing  the  intent  of  this  subtle  Savage, 
beganne  to  deale  with  him  after  this  manner,  Powhatan, 

505 


A.D. 
1606-10. 


[IV. 


1721.] 


An  ill  march. 

Potohaians 

subtUHe, 


Cap,  Smiths 
discourse  to 
Potvhatan. 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


Powiatans 
reply  and 
JUtttery. 


Wickedneue 
of  their 
Dutchmen. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Though  I  had  many  courses  to  have  made  my  proviso, 
yet  beleeving  your  promises  to  supply  my  wants,  I 
neglected  all,  to  satisfie  your  desire,  and  to  testifie  my 
love,  I  sent  you  my  men  for  your  building,  neglecting 
my  owne:  what  your  people  had  you  have  engrossed, 
forbidding  them  our  Trade,  and  now  you  thinke  by  con- 
siuning  the  time,  we  shall  consume  for  want,  not  having 
to  fulfill  your  strange  demands,  as  for  Swords  and  Gutines, 
I  told  you  long  agoe,  I  had  none  to  ^pare.  And  you  shall 
know,  those  I  have,  can  keepe  me  from  want,  yet  steale, 
or  wrong  you  I  will  not  nor  dissolve  that  friendship  we 
have  mutually  promised,  except  you  constraine  me  by  your 
bad  usage. 

The  King  having  attentively  listned  to  this  Discourse; 

Eromised,  that  botn  he  and  his  Countrey  would  spare 
im  what  they  could,  the  which  within  two  dayes,  they 
shoidd  receive,  vet  Captaine  Smith  (saith  the  King)  some 
doubt  I  have  or  your  comming  hither,  that  makes  me  not 
so  kindly  seeke  to  releeve  you  as  I  would ;  for  many 
doe  informe  mee,  your  comming  is  not  for  Trade,  but 
to  invade  my  people  and  posscsse  my  Country,  who  dare 
not  come  to  bring  you  corne,  seeing  you  thus  armed  with 
your  men.  To  decre  us  of  this  feare,  leave  aboord  your 
weapons,  for  here  they  are  needlesse  we  being  all  friends 
and  for  ever  Powhatans. 

With  many  such  Discourses  they  spent  the  day,  quarter- 
ing that  night  in  the  Eangs  houses,  the  next  day  he 
reviewed  his  building,  whioi  he  little  intended  should 
proceed;  for  the  Dutchmen  finding  his  plentie,  and 
knowing  oxur  want,  and  perceiving  his  preparation  to 
surprize  us,  little  thinking  we  could  escape  both  him  and 
famine  (to  obtaine  his  favour)  revealed  to  him  as  much 
as  they  knew  of  our  estates  projects,  and  how  to  prevent 
them ;  one  of  them  being  of^so  good  a  judgement,  spirit, 
and  resolution,  and  a  hireling  that  was  certaine  of  wages 
for  his  labor,  and  ever  well  used,  both  he  and  his  G)untri- 
men,  that  the  President  knew  not  whom  better  to  trust, 
and  not  knowing  any  fitter  for  that  imployment,  had  sent 

506 


OCCURRENTS  IN   VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


him  as  a  spie  to  discover  Powhatans  intent,  then  little 
doubting  his  honestie,  nor  could  ever  be  certaine  of  his 
villany,  till  neere  halfe  a  yeere  after.  Whilst  we  expected 
the  comming  in  of  the  Country,  we  wrangled  out  of  the 
King  ten  quarters  of  Corne  for  a  Copper  Kettle,  the  which 
the  ^resident  perceiving  him  much  to  effect,  valued  it  at 
a  much  greater  rate,  but  (in  regard  of  his  scarcitie)  he 
would  accept  of  as  much  more  the  next  yeere,  or  else  the 
Country  of  Monacan;  the  King  exceeding  liberall  of 
that  he  had  not  yeelded  him  Monacan.  Wherewith  each 
seeming  well  contented ;  Powhatan  began  to  expostulate 
the  difference  betwixt  Peace  and  Warre,  after  this  manner. 

Captaine  Smith  you  may  understand,  that  I,  having  Powkaums 
seene  the  death  of  all  my  people  thrice,  and  not  one  living  ^scwrse  pf 
of  those  three  Generations,  but  my  selfe,  I  know  the  ^^^^ 
difference  of  Peace  and  Warre,  better  then  any  in  my  ^^^' 
Countrie.  But  now  I  am  old,  and  ere  long  I  must  die, 
my  Brethren,  namely  Opichapam,  Opechankanough,  and 
Kekataugh,  my  two  sisters,  and  their  two  daughters,  are 
distinctly  each  others  successors,  I  wish  their  experiences 
no  lesse  then  mine,  and  your  love  to  them,  no  lesse  then 
mine  to  you;  but  this  brute  from  Nansamund  that  you 
are  come  to  destroy  my  Countrie,  so  much  affrighteth  al 
my  people,  as  they  dare  not  visit  you ;  what  will  it  availe 
you,  to  take  that  perforce  you  may  quietly  have  with  love, 
or  to  destroy  them  that  provide  you  food }  what  can  you 
get  by  war,  when  we  can  hide  our  provision  and  flie  to 
the  woods,  wherby  you  must  famish  by  wronging  us 
your  friends ;  and  why  are  you  thus  jealous  of  our  loves, 
seeing  us  unarmed,  and  both  doe,  and  are  willing  still  to 
feed  you  with  that  you  cannot  get  but  by  our  labours.? 
thinke  you  I  am  so  simple  not  to  know,  it  is  better  to 
«at  good  meate,  lie  well,  and  sleepe  quietly  with  my 
women  and  children,  laugh  &  be  merrie  with  you,  have 
Copper,  Hatchets,  or  what  I  want,  being  your  friend 
then  be  forced  to  flie  from  all,  to  lie  cold  in  the  woods, 
feed  upon  Acornes,  roots  and  such  trash,  and  be  so  hunted 
by  you,  that  I  can  neither  rest,  eat,  nor  sleepe ;   but  my 

507 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PIL6RIMES 

1606-10. 

tired  men  must  watch,  and  if  a  twig  but  breake,  eveqr 
one  cry  there  comes  Captaine  Smith,  then  must  I  flie  I 
know  not  whether,  and  thus  with  miserable  feare  end  my 
miserable  life;   leaving  my  pleasures  to  such  youths,  as 
you,    which    through    your    rash    unadvisednesse,    may 
quickly  as  miserably  end,  for  want  of  that  you  never  know 
how  to  find  ?     Let  this  therefore  assure  you  of  our  loves, 
and  everie  yecre  our  friendly  Trade  shall  furnish  you  with 
[IV.  ix.         Corne,  and  now  also  if  you  would  come  in  friendly  manner 
1722.]  to  see  us,  and  not  thus  with  your  Guns  and  Swords,  as 
to  invade  your  foes.     To  this  subtill  discourse  the  Presi- 
dent thus  replied. 
C,  Smiths  Seeing  you  will  not  rightly  conceive  of  our  words,  we 

^^Ph'  strive  to  make  you  know  our  thoughts  by  our  deeds. 

The  vow  I  made  you  of  my  love,  both  my  selfe  and  my 
men  have  kept,  as  for  your  promise  I  find  it  everie  day 
violated,  by  some  of  your  subjects,  yet  we  finding  your 
love  and  kindnesse  (our  custome  is  so  far  from  being 
ungratefuU)  that  for  your  sake  onely,  we  have  curbed  our 
thirsting  desire  of  revenge,  else  had  they  knowne  as  well 
the  crueltie  we  use  to  our  enemies,  as  our  true  love  and 
curtesie  to  our  friends.  And  I  thinke  your  judgement 
sufficient  to  conceive  as  well  by  the  adventures  wee  have 
undertaken,  as  by  the  advantage  we  have  by  our  Armes 
of  yours :  that  had  we  intended  you  any  hurt,  long  ere 
this  wee  could  have  eflFected  it;  your  people  comming 
to  me  at  James  Towne,  are  entertained  with  their  Bowes 
and  Arrowes  without  exception;  we  esteeming  it  with 
you,  as  it  is  with  us,  to  weare  our  Armes  as  our  apparell. 
As  for  the  danglers  of  our  enemies,  in  such  warres  consist 
our  chiefest  pleasure,  for  your  riches  wee  have  no  use, 
as  for  the  hiding  your  provision,  or  by  your  flying  to  the 
Woods,  wee  shall  so  unadvisedlv  starve  as  you  conclude, 
your  friendly  care  in  that  behaue  is  needlesse;  for  wee 
have  a  rule  to  find  beyond  your  knowledge. 

Many  other  discourses  they  had,  till  at  last  they  began 
to  trade,  but  the  King  seeing  his  will  would  not  be 
admitted  as  a  law,  our  guard  dispersed,  nor  our  men 

508 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA 


disarmed,  he  (sighing)  breathed  his  mind  once  more  in 
this  manner. 

Captaine  Smith,  I  never  used  any  Werowances  so 
kindly  as  your  selfe;  yet  from  you  I  receive  the  least 
kindnesse  of  any.  Captaine  Newport  gave  me  swords, 
Copper,  Clothes,  a  Bea,  Tooles,  or  what  I  desired,  ever 
taking  what  I  offered  him,  and  would  send  away  his  Guns 
when  I  intreated  him :  none  doth  deny  to  lay  at  my  feet 
(or  doe)  what  I  desire,  but  onely  you,  of  whom  I  can 
have  nothing,  but  what  you  regard  not,  and  yet  you  will 
have  whatsoever  you  demand.  Captaine  Newport  you 
call  father,  and  so  you  call  me,  but  I  see  for  all  us  both, 
you  will  doe  what  you  list,  and  wee  must  both  seeke  to 
content  you :  But  if  you  intend  so  friendly  as  you  say, 
send  hence  your  Armes  that  I  might  beleeve  you,  for  you 
see  the  love  I  beare  you,  doth  cause  me  thus  naked  to 
forget  my  selfe. 

Smith  seeing  this  Savage  but  trifled  the  time  to  cut 
his  throat :  prociu-ed  the  Savages  to  breake  the  Ice  (that 
his  Boat  might  come  to  fetch  both  him  and  his  Corne)  and 
gave  order  for  his  men  to  come  ashore,  to  have  surprised 
the  King,  with  whom  also  hee  but  trifled  the  time  till  his 
men  landed,  and  to  keepe  him  from  suspition,  entertained 
the  time  with  this  reply. 

Powhatan,  you  must  know  as  I  have  but  one  God,  I 
honour  but  one  King ;  and  I  live  not  here  as  your  subject, 
but  as  vour  friend,  to  pleasure  you  with  what  I  can :  by 
the  gifts  you  bestow  on  me,  you  gaine  more  then  by 
trade,  yet  would  you  visit  mee  as  I  doe  you,  you  should 
know  it  is  not  our  customes  to  sell  our  curtesie  as  a 
vendible  commoditie.  Bring  all  your  Countrey  with  you 
for  your  guard,  I  will  not  dislike  of  it  as  being  over 
jealous.  But  to  content  you,  to  morrow  I  wiU  leave  my 
Armes,  and  trust  to  your  promise.  I  call  you  father 
indeed,  and  as  a  father  you  shall  see  I  will  love  you,  but 
the  small  care  you  had  of  such  a  child,  caused  my  men  to 
perswade  me  to  shift  for  my  selfe. 

By  this  time  Powhatan  having  knowledge,  his  men  were 

509 


A.D. 
1606-10. 


Powiatans 
imfortMnitie 
fir  to  have 
tkiw  tuMrmtdy 
to  betray  them. 


C,  Smiths 
£scourse  to 
delay  time^ 
that  he  might 
surfrise 
Potohatan, 


Pofvhatans 
pkt  to  have 
murdered 
Smith, 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


PURCHAF 


[IV.  ix. 


1722.] 


C.  SmiOs 
rephf. 


,^' 


men  must  wa»^ 
there 


tired 

one  cry  there  corp 
know  not  whethc ;; 
miserable  life ;  % 
you,  which  t'j  ^ 
quickly  as  mJj^ 


how  to  find 
and  everie^ 
Corne. 


to  see 
to  inv 

dent 

c 

St 


.erie^J<\\ 


'? 


PIL.GRIMES 

ing,  his  luggage,  wgr 
^^ition,  left  t^y 
Captaine,^  ^ 
^tly  be^' 

iiakc 


pretending  to 
kill  our  men 
katUd  with 
baskets^  wee 
forced  the 
savages  to 
carrie  them. 


one  way,  bv 
.*c:e  obtained  the  w 
^rceived  him  so  well  escape^ 
.a  (for  hee  had  no  more  with  him)  . 
of  their  skill,  they  sought  by  excuses  to 
cne  matter,  and  Powhatan  to  excuse  his  flight, 
sudden  comming  of  this  multitude,  sent  our 
taine  a  great  Bracelet,  and  a  Chaine  of  Pearle,  by  an 
^cient  Orator  that  bespoke  us  to  this  purpose  (perceiving 
then  from  our  Pinnace,  a  Barge,  and  men  departing  and 
comming  unto  us.)  Captaine  Smith,  our  Werowance  is 
fled,  fearing  your  Guns,  and  knowing  when  the  Ice  was 
broken  there  would  come  more  men,  sent  those  of  his 
to  guard  his  Corne  from  the  pilfry,  that  might  happen 
without  your  knowledge:  now  though  some  bee  hurt  by 
your  misprision,  yet  he  is  your  friend,  and  so  will  con- 
tinue: and  since  the  Ice  is  open  hee  would  have  you 
send  away  your  Corne ;  and  if  you  would  have  his  company 
send  also  your  Armes,  which  so  afFrighteth  this  people, 
that  they  dare  not  come  to  you,  as  he  hath  promised  they 
should:  Now  having  provided  Baskets  for  our  men  to 
carry  the  Corne,  they  kindly  offered  their  service  to  guard 
our  Armes,  that  none  should  steale  them.  A  great  many 
they  were,  of  goodly  well  appointed  fellowes  as  grim  as 
Deyills:  yet  the  very  sight  of  cocking  our  matches 
against  them,  and  a  few  wordes  caused  them  to  leave  their 
Bowes  and  A.rrowes  to  our  guard,  and  bcare  downe  our 
Corne  on  their  owne  backes ;  wee  needed  not  importune 
them  to  make  quick  dispatch.  But  our  owne  Barge  being 
left  by  the  ebbe,  caused  us  to  stay  till  the  midnight  tide 
carried  us  safe  aboard,  having  spent  that  halfe  night  with 

510 


occ^^w' 


▼N  VIRGINIA  A.D. 

5  tBOU^Vv  ^  1606-IO. 

•■V»»  «tf6  ^'^  t\  "^^^  ^*^  seeme  Saints, 

r  Po^Vv/  ^'^  *®   ^®  worst  of  all, 

^\  ^jJ  •  opinions ;   should  we 

..  y  s  i^S>  ^^  cannot  keepe 

f  «  .7ee  should  each  kill 

.  ^  «^     v^  is  house;   the  rest 

^^  ^  .  *^®°  *^^  bodies 

':.  ^^  no  sootifc.  N  >..,U.    as  for  their 

nd  sen*  Adam  an^  \>w  (being  alone 

Fort,  W^o  ^^**^'*E  *°  ^  hem)  I  made 

''^■weU   and  that  Captaine  i  ow  sixteene, 

A^*  «    wherefore  they  requesteu  ^  •  xssure  your 

•     „  them^  they  told  him  then-  coi.         ^^.   t  to  stand 
^T^orX^  toJles  and  shift  of  apparc  *      will   be 

K\e  excuse,  they  obtained  sixe  or  seven  Sere  be 

confederacie,  such  expert  theeves  that  presenu  eepe : 

them  with  a  great  many  of  Swords,  Pike-head^        ,  we 
Shot,  Powder,  and  such  like ;  they  have  Savages  a^      on- 
readv  to  carry  it  away.     The  next  day  they  ttt^^    Se 
unsuspected,  leaving  th«r  confederates  to  foW  ^^      'l 
the  interim,  to  convay  them  a  compet<«cie  of  aU  thiJ. 
thev  could,  for  which  service  they  should  hve  with  P^, 
hatan  as  his  chiefe  affected :    free  from  those  miseries  that 
-would  happen  the  Colony.     SamueU  their  other  consort,  is  ofer  to 

Powhatan  kept  for  their  pledge,  whose  diligence  had  pro-  <«««- 

vided  them  three  hundred  oftheir  kind  of  Hatchets,  the 
rest  fiftie  Swords,  eight  Peeoes,  and  eight  Pikes :    Briton, 
«nd  Richard  Savage  seeing  the  Dutch-men  so  strangely 
diligent   to   accommodate   the   Savages,   these  weapons 
attempted  to  have  got  to  James  Towne,  but  they  were 
apprehended.    Within  two  or  three  daics  we  arrived  at 
Pamaunke,  the  King  as  many  dales  entertained  us  with 
feasting  and  much  mirth :    and  the  day  he  appointed  to 
begin  our  trade,  the  President  with  M  Persie,  M.  West, 
M  Russell  M.  Beheathland,  M.  Powell,  M.  Crashaw,  M. 
Ford,  and  M)me  others  to  the  number  of  fifteene  went  up  o^.a,«^. 
to  Opechancanoughs  house  (neere  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from  „^gis 
the  River)  where  we  found  nothing,  but  a  lame  fellow  iUuuKittud. 


5" 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


A  ChMHi  of 
Pearlifir  a 
Pres$nU 

His  excuse. 


Pretendtng  to 
kill  our  men 
baJid  ufith 
baskets^  wee 
fircedthe 
savages  to 
Carrie  tkem. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

readie :  whilst  the  Ice  was  breaking,  his  luggage,  women, 
and  children  fled,  and  to  avoid  suspition,  left  two  or  three 
of  his  women  talking  with  the  Giptaine,  whilst  hee 
secretly  fled,  and  his  men  as  secretly  beset  the  house, 
which  being  at  the  instant  discovered  to  Captaine 
Smith,  with  his  Pistol,  Sword,  and  Target,  hee  made 
such  a  passage  amongst  those  naked  Devills,  that 
they  fled  before  him,  some  one  way,  some  another, 
so  that  without  hurt  hee  obtained  the  Corps  du- 
guard:  when  they  perceived  him  so  well  escaped,  and 
with  his  eight  men  (for  hee  had  no  more  with  him)  to 
the  uttermost  of  their  skill,  they  sought  by  excuses  to 
dissemble  the  matter,  and  Powhatan  to  excuse  his  flight, 
and  the  sudden  comming  of  this  midtitude,  sent  our 
Captaine  a  great  Bracelet,  and  a  Chaine  of  Pearle,  by  an 
ancient  Orator  that  bespoke  us  to  this  purpose  (perceiving 
then  from  our  Pinnace,  a  Barge,  and  men  departing  and 
comming  unto  us.)  Captaine  Smith,  our  Werowance  is 
fled,  fearing  your  Guns,  and  knowing  when  the  Ice  was 
broken  there  would  come  more  men,  sent  those  of  his 
to  guard  his  Corne  from  the  pilfiy,  that  might  happen 
without  your  knowledge :  now  though  some  bee  hurt  by 
your  misprision,  yet  he  is  your  friend,  and  so  will  con- 
tinue: and  since  the  Ice  is  open  hee  woidd  have  you 
send  away  your  Corne ;  and  if  you  woidd  have  his  company 
send  also  your  Armes,  which  so  afFrighteth  this  people, 
that  they  dare  not  come  to  you,  as  he  hath  promised  they 
should:  Now  having  provided  Baskets  for  our  men  to 
carry  the  Corne,  they  kindly  offered  their  service  to  guard 
our  Armes,  that  none  shoiild  steale  them.  A  great  many 
they  were,  of  goodly  well  appointed  fellowes  as  grim  as 
Devills:  yet  the  very  signt  of  cocking  our  matches 
against  them,  and  a  few  wordes  caused  them  to  leave  their 
Bowes  and  Arrowes  to  our  guard,  and  beare  downe  our 
Corne  on  their  owne  backes ;  wee  needed  not  importune 
them  to  make  quick  dispatch.  But  oiu*  owne  Barge  being 
left  by  the  ebbe,  caused  us  to  stay  till  the  midnight  tide 
carried  us  safe  aboard,  having  spent  that  halfe  night  with 

510 


OCCURRENTS  IN   VIRGINIA 

such  mirth,  as  though  we  never  had  suspected  or  intended 
any  thing,  we  left  the  Dutchmen  to  build,  Brinton  to 
kill  Fowle  for  Powhatan  (as  by  his  Messengers  he  impor- 
tunately desired)  and  left  directions  with  oiu-  men  to  give 
Powhatan  all  the  content  they  could,  that  we  might  injoy 
his  company  at  our  returne  from  Pamaunke. 

WE  had  no  sooner  set  saile,  but  Powhatan  returned, 
and  sent  Adam  and  Francis  (two  stout  Dutch  men) 
to  the  Fort,  who  fkining  to  Captaine  Winne  that  all  things 
were  well,  and  that  Captaine  Smith  had  use  for  their 
Armes,  wherefore  they  requested  new  (the  which  were 
given  them)  they  told  him  their  comming  was,  for  some 
extraordinary  tooles  and  shift  of  apparell,  by  this  colour- 
able excuse,  they  obtained  sixe  or  seven  more  to  their 
confederacie,  such  expert  theeves  that  presently  furnished 
them  with  a  great  many  of  Swords,  Pike-heads,  Peeces, 
Shot,  Powder,  and  such  like ;  they  have  Savages  at  hand 
ready  to  carry  it  away.  The  next  day  they  returned 
unsuspected,  leaving  their  confederates  to  follow,  and  in 
the  interim,  to  convay  them  a  competencie  of  aU  things 
they  could,  for  which  service  they  should  live  with  Pow- 
hatan as  his  chiefe  affected :  free  from  those  miseries  that 
would  happen  the  Colony.  Samuell  their  other  consort, 
Powhatan  kept  for  their  pledge,  whose  diligence  had  pro- 
vided them  three  hundred  of^ their  kind  of  Hatchets,  the 
rest  fiftie  Swords,  eight  Peeces,  and  eight  Pikes :  Briton, 
and  Richard  Savage  seeing  the  Dutch-men  so  strangely 
diligent  to  accommodate  the  Savages,  these  weapons 
attempted  to  have  got  to  James  Towne,  but  they  were 
apprehended.  Within  two  or  three  daies  we  arrived  at 
Pamaunke,  the  King  as  many  daies  entertained  us  with 
feasting  and  much  mirth:  and  the  day  he  appointed  to 
begin  our  trade,  the  President,  with  M.  Persie,  M.  West, 
M.  Russell,  M.  Beheathland,  M.  Powell,  M.  Crashaw,  M. 
Ford,  and  some  others  to  the  number  of  fifteene  went  up 
to  Opechancanoughs  house  (neere  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from 
the  River)  where  we  found  nothing,  but  a  lame  fellow 

5" 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


[IV.  ix. 

1723.] 
How  toe 
escaped 
surprising  at 
Pamaunke. 
Cbap.  9. 
The  Dutch- 
men deceive 
C.  Smith. 
Perfidious 
wretches. 


Opechanca- 
noughs 
abandoned. 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


Smith  speech 
to  Opedumca- 


700.  Savages 
beset  the 
Eng&sh  being 
but  sixteene. 


Smiths  speech 
to  his 
Company, 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

and  a  boy,  and  all  the  houses  about,  of  all  things  aban- 
doned; not  long  wee  staid  ere  the  King  arrived,  and 
after  him  came  divers  of  his  people  loadoi  with  Bowes 
and  Arrowes,  but  such  pinching  conunodities,  and  those 
esteemed  at  such  a  value,  as  our  Captaine  began  with 
him  in  this  manner. 

Opechancanough,  the  great  love  you  professe  with  your 
tongue,  seemes  meere  deceit  by  your  actions ;  last  yeere 
you  kindly  fraughted  our  ship,  but  now  you  have  invited 
me  to  starve  with  himger.  You  know  my  want,  and  I 
your  plentie,  of  which  by  some  meanes  I  must  have  a 
part,  remember  it  is  fit  for  Kings  to  keepe  their  promise, 
here  are  my  commodities,  whereof  take  your  choice;  the 
rest  I  will  proportion  fit  bargaines  for  your  people. 

The  King  seemed  kindly  to  accept  his  offer ;  and  the 
better  to  colour  his  project,  sold  us  what  they  had  to  our 
owne  content;  promising  the  next  day  more  company, 
better  provided  (the  Barges  and  Pinnace  being  committed 
to  the  charge  of  M.  Phetiplace)  the  President,  with  his  old 
fifteene  marched  up  to  the  Kings  house,  where  wee  found 
foure  or  five  men  newly  come  with  great  Baskets.  Not 
long  after  came  the  King,  who  with  a  strained  cheereful- 
nesse  held  us  with  discourse,  what  paines  he  had  taken 
to  keepe  his  promise;  till  M.  Russell  brought  us  in 
newes  that  we  were  all  betrayed :  for  at  least  sixe  or 
seven  hundred  of  weU  appointed  Indians  had  invironed 
the  house  and  beset  the  fields.  The  King  conjecturing 
what  RusseU  related,  wee  could  well  perceive  how  the 
extremitie  of  his  feare  bewrayed  his  intent :  whereat  some 
of  our  company  seeming  dismayed  with  the  thought  of 
such  a  multitude ;  the  Captaine  incoura^ed  us  after  this 
manner.  Worthy  Country-men  were  the  mischiefes  of 
my  seeming  friends,  no  more  then  the  danger  of  these 
enemies,  I  little  cared,  were  they  as  many  more ;  if  you 
dare  doe,  but  as  I.  But  this  is  my  torment,  that  if  I 
escape  them,  oxir  malicious  Councell,  with  their  open 
mouthed  Minions,  will  make  me  such  a  peace-breaker 
(in  their  opinions)  in  England,  as  will  breake  my  necke: 

5" 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA 

I  could  wish  those  here,  that  make  these  seeme  Saints, 
and  me  an  Oppressor.  But  this  is  the  worst  of  all, 
wherein,  I  pray  aide  me  with  your  opinions ;  should  we 
begin  with  them  and  surprize  this  King,  we  cannot  keepe 
him,  and  defend  well  our  selves,  if  wee  shoxild  each  kill 
our  man,  and  so  proceed  withall  in  this  house ;  the  rest 
will  all  flv,  then  shall  we  get  no  more,  then  the  bodies 
that  are  slaine,  and  then  starve  for  victuall :  as  for  their 
furie  it  is  the  least  danger,  for  well  you  know  (being  alone 
assaxilted  with  two  or  three  hundred  of  them)  I  made 
them  compound  to  save  my  life,  and  we  are  now  sixteene, 
and  they  but  seven  hundred  at  the  most,  and  assure  your 
selves  GOD  will  so  assist  us,  that  if  you  dare  but  to  stand 
to  discharge  your  Peeces,  the  verie  smoake  will  be 
suflScient  to  affright  them:  yet  howsoever  (if  there  be 
occasion)  let  us  fight  like  men,  and  not  die  like  sheepe : 
but  first  I  will  deale  with  them,  to  bring  it  to  passe,  we 
may  fight  for  some  thing,  and  draw  them  to  it  by  con- 
ditions. If  you  like  this  motion,  promise  me  yoxile  be 
valiant.  The  time  not  permitting  any  argument,  all 
vowed  to  execute  whatsoever  he  attempted,  or  die ;  where- 
upon the  Captaine  approaching  the  King,  bespoke  him 
in  this  manner. 

I  see  Opechancanough  your  plot  is  to  murder  me,  but 
I  feare  it  not ;  as  yet  your  men  and  mine,  have  done  no 
harme,  but  by  our  directions.  Take  therefore  yoxir 
Armes ;  you  see  mine :  mv  bodie  shall  bee  as  naked  as 
yours;  the  He  in  your  River  is  a  fit  place,  if  you  be 
contented :  and  the  conqucrour  (of  us  two)  shall  be  Lord 
and  Master  over  all  our  men :  otherwaies  draw  all  your 
men  into  the  field ;  if  you  have  not  enough,  take  time 
to  fetch  more,  and  bring  what  number  you  will,  so  everie 
one  bring  a  basket  of  Corne,  against  all  which  I  will  stake 
the  value  in  Copper;  you  see  I  have  but  fifteene  men, 
and  our  game  shall  be,  The  conquerour  take  all. 

The  King,  being  guarded  with  fiftie  or  sixtie  of  the 
chiefe  men,  seemed  kindly  to  appease  Smiths  suspition 
of  unkindnesse,  by  a  great  present  at  the  doore,  they 

XVm  513  2K 


A.D. 

1606-10. 


SmitAs  offer  to 
Opechanca- 
nough. 


Opichanca- 
nottghs  device 
to  betray 
Smith. 


A.D. 
1 606-10. 


[IV.  ix. 

Opechanca- 
nough  taken 
^soner  amids 
his  men.     If 
tAis  course  had 
hin  taken  hy 
others 

Firgtnia  by 
this  had  bin 
out  of  her 
cradle  ^li  able 
to  gpe  alone  f 
yea  to  trade  or 
fight.     But 
names  of  peace 
have  bred 
worse  then 
toarSf  and  our 
confidence 
hatched  the 
miserable 
massacre  by 
this  perfidious 
Savage,    And 
would  God  a 
Dale  or  Smith  J 
or  some  such 
spirit  were  yet 
there  to  take 
this  J  that  is  the 
onely  right 
course  with 
those  which 
know  not 
to  doe  rights 
fisrtherfir 
feare  of 
suffering  it 
enfirceth. 
Smiths  dis- 
course to  the 
Pamaunkies. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

intreated  him  to  receive.  This  was  to  draw  him  without 
the  doore  where  the  present  was  guarded  with  (at  the 
least)  two  hundred  men,  and  thirtie  lying  under  a  great 
tree  (that  lay  thwart  as  a  Barricado)  each  his  Arrow  nocked 
ready  to  shoot ;  some  the  President  commanded  to  go  & 
see  what  kind  of  deceit  this  was,  and  to  receive  the 
Present,  (but  they  refused  to  doe  it)  yet  divers  oflfered 
whom  he  would  not  permit :  but  commanding  M.  Persic, 
and  M.  West  to  make  good  the  house,  to  M.  Powell, 
and  M.  Beheathland  to  guard  the  doore,  and  in  such  a 
rage  snatched  the  King  by  his  long  locke  of  haire  in  the 
midst  of  his  men,  with  his  Pistoll  readie  bent  against  his 
brest,  he  instantly  yeelded  his  Bow  and  Arrowes,  and 
sued  for  his  life :  Thus  he  led  the  King  (neere  dead  with 
feare)  amongst  all  his  people,  who  delivering  the  Captaine 
his  Bow  and  arrowes,  all  his  men  were  easily  intreated 
to  cast  downe  their  Armes,  little  dreaming  any  durst  in 
that  manner  have  used  their  King :  who  then  to  escape 
himselfe,  bestowed  his  Presents  in  good  sadnesse.  And 
having  caused  all  his  multitude  to  approach  disarmed: 
the  President  argued  with  them  to  this  effect. 

I  see  you  Pamaunkies,  the  great  desire  you  have  to 
cut  my  throat ;  and  my  long  sufllering  your  injuries,  have 
inboldned  you  to  this  presumtion.  The  cause  I  have 
forborne  your  insolencies,  is  the  promise  I  made  you 
(before  the  God  I  serve)  to  be  your  friend,  till  you  give 
mee  just  cause  to  bee  your  enemy.  If  I  keepe  this  vow, 
ray  God  will  keepe  me,  you  cannot  hurt  me ;  if  I  breake 
it,  he  will  destroy  me.  But  if  you  shoot  but  one  Arrow, 
to  shed  one  drop  of  bloud  of  any  of  my  men,  or  steale 
the  least  of  these  Beades,  or  Copper  (I  spurne  before  me 
with  my  foot)  you  shall  see,  I  will  not  cease  revenge  (if 
once  I  begin)  so  long  as  I  can  heare  where  to  find  one  of 
your  Nation  that  will  not  deny  the  name  of  Pamaunke : 
I  am  not  now  at  Rasseneac  (halfe  drowned  with  mire) 
where  you  tooke  me  prisoner,  yet  then  for  keeping 
promise,  and  your  good  usage,  and  saving  my  life,  I  so 
affect  you,  that  your  denialls  of  your  treacherie,  doth  halfe 

514 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA 

perswade  me  to  mistake  my  selfe.  But  if  I  be  the  marke 
y'ou  aime  at,  here  I  stand,  shoot  he  that  dare.  You 
promised  to  fraught  my  ship  ere  I  departed,  and  so  you 
shall,  or  I  meane  to  load  her  with  vour  dead  carkasses ; 
yet  if  as  friends  you  will  come  and  trade,  I  once  more 
promise  not  to  trouble  you,  except  you  give  mee  the  first 
occasion.  Upon  this  away  went  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes, 
and  men,  women,  and  children  brought  in  their  com- 
modities, but  two  or  three  houres  they  so  thronged  about 
the  President,  and  so  overwearied  him,  as  hee  retired 
himselfe  to  rest,  leaving  M.  Beheathland,  and  M.  Powcl 
to  accept  their  Presents:  but  some  Savages  perceiving 
them  fast  asleepe,  and  the  guard  carelesly  dispersed,  fortie 
or  fiftie  of  their  choice  men  each  with  an  English  Sword 
in  his  hand,  began  to  enter  the  house,  with  two  or  three 
hundred  others  that  pressed  to  second  them.  The  noise 
and  hast  they  made  in,  did  so  shake  the  house,  as  they 
awoke  him  from  his  sleepe,  and  being  halfe  amazed  with 
this  sudden  sight,  betooke  him  straight  to  his  Sword  and 
Target,  M.  Crashaw  and  some  other  charging  in  like 
manner,  they  thronged  faster  backe,  then  before  forward. 
The  house  thus  clensed,  the  King  and  his  Ancients,  with 
a  long  Oration  came  to  excuse  this  intrusion.  The  rest 
of  the  day  was  spent  with  much  kindncsse,  the  company 
againe  renuing  their  Presents  of  their  best  provision. 
And  whatsoever  we  gave  them,  they  seemed  well  con- 
tented with  it. 

Now  in  the  meane  while  since  our  departure,  this 
hapned  at  the  Fort;  M.  Scrivener,  willing  to  crosse  the 
surprizing  of  Powhatan,  nine  daies  after  the  Presidents 
departure  would  needs  visit  the  He  of  Hogs,  and  tooke 
with  him  Captaine  Waldo  (though  the  President  had 
appointed  him  to  be  readie  to  second  his  occasions)  with 
M.  Anthony  GosnoU,  and  eight  others;  but  so  violent 
was  the  wind  (that  extreame  frozen  time)  that  the  Boat 
sunke,  but  where  or  how,  none  doth  know,  for  they  were 
all  drowned ;  onely  this  was  knowne,  that  the  Skiffe  was 
much  overladed,  and  would  scarce  have  lived  in  that 

515 


A.D. 
1606-10. 


The  Savages 
Assemble  their 
intent. 


See  their  use  of 

Eng&sh 

Armes. 


Their  excuse 
and  reconcile' 
ment. 


The  losse  of 
M.  Skrivener 
and  others 
foith  a  Shiffe. 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


AT.  lViffin]hu 
jtmmrf  to  the 
Presiiint. 


PotoAatan  con- 
striunetk  Ais 
men  to  be 
treacherous. 


The  third 
attempt  to 
betray  us. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

extreame  tempest,  had  she  beene  emptie ;  but  bv  no  per- 
swasion  he  could  be  diverted,  thougn  both  Waldo  and  a 
hundred  others  doubted  as  it  hapned.  The  Savages  were 
the  first  that  foiuid  their  bodies,  which  so  much  the  more 
encouraged  them  to  effect  their  projects.  To  advertise 
the  President  of  this  heavy  newes,  none  could  be  found 
would  undertake  it,  but  the  journey  was  often  refused 
of  all  in  the  Fort,  untill  M.  Wiffin  undertooke  alone 
the  performance  thereof ;  wherein  he  was  encountred  with 
many  dangers  and  difficulties,  and  in  all  parts  as  he  passed 
(as  also  tlmt  night  he  lodged  with  Powhatan)  he  perceived 
such  preparation  for  warre,  that  assured  him,  some  mis- 
chiefe  was  intended,  but  with  extraordinary  bribes,  and 
much  trouble,  in  three  daies  travell  at  length  he  found 
us  in  the  midst  of  these  turmoiles.  This  unhappy  newes 
the  President  swore  him  to  conceale  from  the  rest,  and 
so  dissembling  his  sorrow,  with  the  best  coiuitenance  he 
could,  when  the  night  approached,  went  safely  aboard  with 
all  his  company. 

Now  so  extreamely  Powhatan  had  threatned  the  death 
of  his  men,  if  they  did  not  bv  some  meanes  kill  Captaine 
Smith,  that  the  next  day  they  appointed  the  Country 
should  come  to  trade  unarmed:  yet  unwilling  to  be 
treacherous,  but  that  they  were  constrained,  hating  fight- 
ing, almost  as  ill  as  hanging,  such  feare  they  had  of  oad 
successe.  The  next  mornmg  the  Sunne  had  not  long 
appeared,  but  the  fields  appeared  covered  with  people,  and 
baskets  to  tempt  us  ashore.  The  President  determined 
to  keepe  aboard,  but  nothing  was  to  be  had  without  his 
presence,  nor  thev  would  not  indure  the  sight  of  a  Gun : 
then  the  President  seeing  many  depart,  and  being 
unwilling  to  lose  such  a  bootie,  so  well  contrived  the 
Pinnace,  and  his  Barges  with  Ambuscadoes,  as  only  with 
M.  Persie,  M.  West,  and  M.  Russell  armed,  he  went 
ashore,  others  unarmed  hee  appointed  to  receive  what  was 
brought ;  the  Savages  flocked  before  him  in  heapes,  and 
(the  banice  serving  as  a  trench  for  retreate)  he  drew  them 
faire  open  to  his  Ambuscadoes,  for  he  not  being  to  be 

516 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 
perswaded  to  goe  to  visit  their  King,  the  King  came  to 
visit  him  with  two  or  three  hundred  men,  in  the  forme  of  U^-  i*« 
two  halfe  Mooncs,  with  some  twentie  men,  and  many  "72S-] 

women  loaded  with  great  painted  baskets ;  but  when  they 
approached  somewhat  neere  us,  their  women  and  children 
fled,  for  when  they  had  environed  and  beset  the  fields  in 
this  manner,  they  thought  their  purpose  sure;  yet  so 
trembled  with  feare,  as  they  were  scarce  able  to  nock  their 
Arrowes :  Smith  standing  with  his  three  men  readie  bent 
beholding  them,  till  they  were  within  danger  of  our 
Ambuscado,  who,  upon  the  word  discovered  themselves, 
and  hee  retiring  to  the  banke :  which  the  Savages  no 
sooner  perceived,  but  away  they  fled,  esteeming  their 
heeles  tor  their  best  advantage.  That  night  we  sent  to 
the  Fort  M.  Crashaw,  and  M.  Ford,  who  (m  the  mid-way 
betweene  Werawocomoco  and  the  fort)  met  foure  or  five  of 
the  Dutchmens  confederates  going  to  Powhatan,  the  which 
(to  excuse  those  Gentlemens  suspition  of  their  running  to 
the  Savages)  returned  to  the  Fort  and  there  continued. 

The  Savages  hearing  our  Barge  depart  in  the  night 
were  so  terribly  aflFraide,  that  wee  sent  tor  more  men  (wee 
having  so  much  threatned  their  mine,  and  the  rasing  of 
their  Houses,  Boates,  and  Canowes)  that  the  next  day  the 
King  sent  our  Captaine  a  Chaine  of  Pearle  to  alter  his 
purpose,  and  stay  his  men,  promising  (though  they  wanted  ^  Ckaine  of 
themselves)  to  fraught  our  ship,  and  bring  it  aboard  to  J^^/Z*a^ 
avoid  suspition,  so  that  five  or  sixe  dales  after,  from  all 
parts  of  the  Countrey  within  ten  or  twelve  miles,  in  the 
extreame  cold  Frost,  and  Snow,  they  brought  us  provision 
on  their  naked  backes. 

Yet  notwithstanding  this  kindnesse  and  trade,  had  their 
art  and  poison  beene  suflScient,  the  President  with  Master 
West  and  some  others  had  beene  poysoned :  it  made  them 
sicke,  but  expelled  it  selfe.  Wecuttanow  a  stout  young  TheFrendent 
fellow,  knowing  hee  was  suspected  for  bringing  this  M'^^'- 
present  of  poison,  with  fortie  or  fiftie  of  his  choice  com- 
panions (seeing  the  President  but  with  a  few  men  at 
Potauncat — )  so  proudly  braved  it,  as  though  hee  expected 

517 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


The  offender 
punished. 


to  incounter  a  revenge :  which  the  President  perceiving, 
in  the  midst  of  his  company  did  not  onely  beat,  but 
spurned  him  like  a  dogge,  as  scorning  to  doe  him  any 
worse  mischiefe :  whereupon  all  of  them  fled  into  the 
Woods,  thinking  they  had  done  a  great  matter,  to  have 
so  well  escaped :  and  the  Townsmen  remayning,  presendy 
fraughted  our  Barge,  to  bee  rid  of  our  companies,  framing 
many  excuses  to  excuse  Wecuttanow  (being  sonne  to  their 
chiefe  King,  but  Powhatan)  and  told  us,  if  wee  would 
shew  them  him  that  brought  the  poyson,  they  would 
deliver  him  to  us  to  punish  as  wee  pleased. 

Men  may  thinke  it  strange  there  should  bee  this  stirre 
for  a  little  Corne>  but  had  it  beene  Gold  with  more  ease 
wee  might  have  got  it:  and  had  it  wanted,  the  whole 
Colony  had  starved.  Wee  may  bee  thought  verie  patient, 
to  indure  all  those  injuries ;  yet  onely  with  fearing  them, 
wee  got  what  they  had.  Whereas  if  wee  had  taken 
revenge,  then  by  their  losse  wee  should  have  lost  our 
selves.  We  searched  all  the  Countries  of  Youghtanund 
and  Mattapamient,  where  the  people  imparted  that  litde 
thev  had,  with  such  complaints  and  teares  from  women  and 
children ;  as  hee  had  beene  too  cruell  to  bee  a  Christian 
that  would  not  have  beene  satisfied,  and  moved  with 
compassion.  But  this  happened  in  October,  November, 
and  December,  when  that  unhappy  discoverie  of  Monacan 
was  made,  wee  might  have  fraughted  a  Ship  of  fortie 
Tunnes,  and  twice  as  much  might  have  beene  had  from 
the  Rivers  of  Toppahannock,  Patawomeck,  and  Paw- 
tuxunt.  The  maine  occasion  of  our  temporizing  with 
the  Savages  was  to  part  friendes  (as  wee  did)  to  give  the 
lesse  cause  of  suspition  to  Powhatan,  to  flye :  by  whom 
wee  now  returned,  with  a  purpose  to  have  sxirprised  him 
and  his  provision :  for  effecting  whereof  (when  wee  came 
against  the  Towne)  the  President  sent  Master  Wiflin  and 
Master  Coe,  a  shoare  to  discover  and  make  way  for  his 
intended  project.  But  they  found  that  those  damned 
men'diTmuch  Dutchmen  had  caused  Powhatan  to  abandon  his  new 
hurt.  house,  and  Werawocomoco,  and  to  carrie  away  aU  his 

518 


The  Savage 
want  and 
pwerHe, 


The\Dutch' 


OCCUKRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA 

Corne  and  provision ;  and  the  people  they  found  by  their 
meanes  so  ill  affected,  that  had  they  not  stood  well  upon 
their  guard,  they  had  hardly  escaped  with  their  lives.  So 
the  President  finding  his  intention  thus  frustrated,  and 
that  there  was  nothing  now  to  bee  had,  and  therefore  an 
unfit  time  to  revenge  their  abuses,  held  on  the  course  for 
James  Towne ;  wee  having  in  this  journey  (for  five  and 
twentie  pound  of  Copper,  nftie  pound  of  Iron  and  Beades) 
kept  fortie  men  sixe  weekes,  and  daily  feasted  with  Bread, 
Corne,  Flesh,  Fish,  and  Fowle,  every  man  having  for 
his  reward  (and  in  consideration  of  his  commodities)  a 
months  provision  (no  trade  being  allowed  but  for  the 
store)  and  wee  delivered  at  James  Towne  to  the  Cape- 
Merchant  two  hxmdred  seventie  nine  bushels  of  Corne. 


A.D. 
1 606- 10. 


WHen  the  ships  departed,  all  the  provision  of  store 
(but  that  the  President  had  gotten)  was  so  rotten 
-with  the  last  Summers  Raine,  and  eaten  with  Rats  and 
Wormes,  as  the  Hogges  would  scarcely  eate  it,  yet  it  was 
the  Souldiers  Diet,  tfll  our  returnes :  so  that  we  found 
nothing  dope,  but  victuall  spent,  and  the  most  part  of 
our  Tooles,  and  a  good  part  of  our  Armes  conveyed  to 
the  Savages.  But  now,  casting  up  the  store,  and  finding 
sufficient  till  the  next  Harvest,  the  feare  of  starving  was 
abandoned;  and  the  Company  divided  into  tennes, 
fifteenes,  or  as  the  busines  required  foure  houres  each 
day  was  spent  in  work,  the  rest  in  pastimes  and  merrie 
exercise.  The  Dutchmens  Consorts  so  closely  still 
convaid  Powder,  Shot,  Swords,  and  Tooles,  that  though 
wee  could  find  the  defect,  we  could  not  find  by  whom  it 
was  occasioned,  till  it  was  too  late.  All  this  time  the 
Dutchmen  remayning  with  Powhatan,  received  them, 
instructing  the  Savages  their  use.  But  their  Consorts  not 
following  them  as  they  expected  ^to  know  the  cause,  they 
sent  Francis  their  companion  (a  stout  young  fellow) 
disguised  Savage  like)  to  the  Glasse-house  (a  place  in  the 
Woods  neere  a  mile  from  James  Towne)  where  was  the 
randevoze  for  all  their  unsuspected  villany;   fortie  men 

519 


How  the 
Savages 
became  subject 
totkeEn^uh. 
Chap,  10. 


[IV.  ix. 


1726.] 


The  Duuh- 
mens  piot  to 
murder  Cap, 
Smith, 


I 


A.D. 
1 606- 10. 


Smit^  taketk 
the  King  of 
Pasfakeigk 
.prisoner. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

they  procured  of  Powhatan  to  lie  in  Ambuscadoe  for 
Captaine  Smith,  who  no  sooner  heard  of  this  Dutchman, 
but  he  sent  to  apprehend  him,  who  found  he  was  gone, 
yet  to  crosse  his  retvirne  to  Powhatan,  Captaine  Smith 
presently  dispatched  twenty  shot  after  him,  and  then 
returning  but  from  the  Gksse-house  alone,  he  incountred 
the  King  of  Paspaheigh,  a  most  strong  stout  Savage, 
whose  perswasions  not  being  able  to  perswade  him  to  his 
ambush,  seeing  him  only  armed  but  with  a  Fauchion, 
attempted  to  have  shot  him ;  but  the  President  prevented 
his  shot  bv  grapling  with  him,  and  the  Savage  as  well 
prevented  him  for  drawing  his  Fauchion,  and  perforce  bore 
nim  into  the  River  to  have  drowned  him;  long  they 
struggled  in  the  water,  from  whence  the  King  perceiving 
two  of  the  Poles  upon  the  sands  would  have  fled;  but 
the  President  held  him  by  the  haire  and  throat  till  the 
Poles  came  in;  then  seeing  how  pittifiilly  the  poore 
Salvage  begged  his  life,  they  conducted  him  prisoner  to 
the  roTt.  The  Dutchman  ere  long  was  also  brought  in, 
whose  YiUany,  though  all  this  time  it  was  suspected,  yet 
he  fkined  such  a  formall  excuse,  that  for  want  of  Language, 
Winne  had  not  rightly  understood  them,  and  for  their 
dealings  with  Powhatan,  that  to  save  their  lives  they  were 
constrained  to  accommodate  his  armes,  of  whom  he 
extremely  complained  to  have  detained  them  perforce; 
and  that  hee  made  this  escape  with  the  hazard  of  his  life, 
and  meant  not  to  have  returned,  but  only  walked  in  the 
woods  to  gather  Walnuts :  yet  for  all  this  faire  Tale  (there 
was  so  small  appearance  of  truth)  hee  went  by  the  heeles ; 
the  King  also  he  put  fetters;  purposing  to  regaine  the 
Dutchmen,  by  the  saving  his  life ;  the  poore  Savage  did 
his  best,  by  his  daily  Messengers  to  Powhatan,  but  all 
returned  that  the  Dutchmen  woiJd  not  returne,  neither 
did  Powhatan  stay  them,  and  to  bring  them  fiftie  miles  on 
their  backes  they  were  not  able.  Dailv  this  Kings  Wives, 
children,  and  people,  came  to  visit  him  with  Presents, 
which  he  liberally  oestowed  to  make  his  peace,  much  trust 
they  had  in  the  Presidents  promise,  but  the  King  finding 

520 


OCCURRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA 


A.D. 

1606-IO. 


his  Guard  negligent  (though  fettered)  yet  escaped :  Cap- 
taine  Winne  thinking  to  pursue  him,  found  such  troupes 
of  Savages  to  hinder  his  passages,  as  they  exchanged  many 
volies  of  shot  for  flight  of  Arrowes.  Captaine  Smith 
hearing  of  this,  in  returning  to  the  Fort  tooke  two 
Savages  Prisoners,  the  one  called  Kemps,  the  other 
Kinsock,  the  two  most  exact  Villaines  in  the  Countrey; 
with  those,  Captaine  Winne  and  fiftie  chosen  men 
attempted  that  night  to  have  regained  the  King,  and 
revenged  his  injurie  (and  so  had  done  if  he  had  followed 
his  directions,  or  beene  advised  by  those  two  Villaines, 
that  would  have  betrayed  both  their  King  and  Kindred 
for  a  piece  of  Copper)  but  hee  trifling  away  the  night, 
the  Savages  the  next  morning  by  the  rising  of  the  Sunne, 
braved  him  to  come  ashore  to  fight,  a  good  time  both 
sides  let  flie  at  other,  but  we  heard  of  no  hurt,  only  they 
tooke  two  Canoaes,  burnt  the  Kings  House  and  so 
returned. 

The  President  fearing  those  bravadoes  would  but 
incourage  the  Savages,  begunne  himselfe  to  trie  his  con- 
clusions; whereby  sixe  or  seven  Savages  were  slaine,  as 
many  made  Prisoners;  burnt  their  Houses,  tooke  their 
Boats  with  all  their  fishing  weares,  and  planted  them  at 
James  Towne  for  his  owne  use ;  and  now  resolved  not  to 
ceasse  till  hee  had  revenged  himselfe  upon  all  that  had 
injvired  him,  but  in  his  journey  passing  by  Paspaheigh 
towards  Chickahamina,  the  Savages  did  their  best  to  draw 
him  to  their  Ambuscadoes;  but  seeing  him  regardlesly 
passe  their  Countrey,  all  shewed  themselves  m  their 
bravest  manner,  to  try  their  valours;  he  could  not  but 
flie,  and  ere  hee  could  land,  the  Savages  no  sooner  knew 
him,  but  they  threw  downe  their  Armes  and  desired  Peace ;  TAe  Savages 
their  Orator  was  a  stout  young  man  called  Ocanindge,  ^^re  peace, 
whose  worthy  Discourse  deserveth  to  be  remembred ;  and 
this  it  was. 

Captaine  Smith,  my  Master  is  here  present  in  this  Ocanindge  his 
companie  thinking  it  Captaine  Winne,  and  not  you ;  and  Oration. 
of  him  he  intended  to  have  beene  revenged,  having  never 

521 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


A  Savage 
smothered  at 
James  Tawney 
and  was 
recovered, 

[IV.  ix. 

1727.] 


CharcoU- 
smoke  an  usual 
murtherer  by 
oversight^ 
where  no  vent 
is  left  to  It. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

oflFended  him :  if  he  have  oflFended  you  in  escaping  your 
imprisonment;  the  Fishes  swimme,  the  Fowles  flic,  and 
the  verie  Beasts  strive  to  escape  the  snare  and  live ;  then 
blame  not  him  being  a  man;  he  would  entreate  you 
remember,  your  being  a  prisoner,  what  paines  hec  tookc 
to  save  your  life ;  if  since  hee  hath  injured  you,  hee  was 
compelled  to  it ;  but  howsoever ;  you  have  revenged  it 
with  our  too  great  losses  we  perceive  and  well  know  you 
intend  to  destroy  us,  that  are  here  to  intreat  and  desire 
your  friendship,  and  to  enjoy  our  houses  and  plant  our 
fields,  of  whose  fruit  you  shall  participate,  otherwise  you 
will  have  the  worst  by  our  absence,  for  we  can  plant  any 
where,  though  with  more  labour,  and  we  know  you  cannot 
live  if  you  want  our  Harvest,  and  that  reliefe  we  bring 
you ;  it  you  promise  us  peace  we  will  beleeve  you,  if  you 
proceed  in  revenge,  we  wiU  abandon  the  Coimtrie.  Upon 
these  tearmes  the  President  promised  them  peace,  till  tiiey 
did  us  injurie,  upon  condition  they  should  bring;  in  pro- 
vision, so  all  departed  good  friends,  and  so  contmued  till 
Smith  left  the  Countrey. 

Arriving  at  James  Towne,  complaint  was  made  to  the 
President  that  the  Chickahaminos,  who  all  this  while  con- 
tinued Trade,  and  seemed  our  friends  by  coloiu*  thereof 
were  the  only  Theeves,  and  amongst  other  things,  a  Pistoll 
being  stolne,  and  the  Thiefe  fled,  there  was  apprehended 
two  proper  young  feUowes  that  were  brothers,  knowne  to 
be  his  confederates.  Now  to  regaine  this  Pistoll,  the  one 
we  imprisoned,  the  other  was  sent  to  returne  againe  within 
twelve  houres,  or  his  brother  to  be  hanged,  yet  the  Presi- 
dent pittying  the  poore  naked  Savage  in  the  dungeon, 
sent  him  victuall  and  some  Char-cole  for  fire ;  ere  midnight 
his  brother  returned  with  the  Pistoll,  but  the  Savage  in  the 
dungeon  was  so  smothered  with  the  smoake  hee  had  made, 
and  so  pittiously  burnt,  that  he  found  him  dead,  the  other 
most  lamentably  bewailed  his  death,  and  brake  forth  in 
such  bitter  agonies,  that  the  President  (to  quiet  him)  told 
him  that  if  hereafter  they  would  not  steale^  he  would  make 
him  alive  againe,  but  little  thought  he  could  be  recovered, 

522 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 

Perhaps  the 
J  estates  wits 
have  (besides 
meere  Res) 
hatched  many 
of  their  Indian 
Miracles  from 
as  unlikely  egs 
as  this  by 
conjoyning 
industrie  and 
ofportunitie. 


Powhatan 
desireth  peace. 


OCCURRENTS  IN   VIRGINIA 

yet  (we  doing  our  best  with  Aquavits  and  Vinegar)  it 
pleased  God  to  restore  him  againe  to  life,  but  so  ioinke 
and  ajfFrighted  that  he  seemed  lunaticke,  not  understand- 
ing any  thing  he  spoke  or  heard,  the  which  as  much 
grieved  and  tormented  the  other,  as  before  to  see  him 
dead;  of  which  maladie  (upon  promise  of  their  good 
behaviour  afterward)  the  President  promised  to  recover 
him,  and  so  caused  him  to  be  laid  by  a  fire  to  sleepe,  who 
in  the  morning  (having  well  slept)  had  recovered  his 
perfect  senses ;  ana  then  being  dressed  of  his  burning,  and 
each  a  piece  of  Copper  given  them,  they  went  away  so 
well  contented,  that  this  was  spr^  amongst  all  the 
Savages  for  a  Miracle,  that  Captame  Smith  could  make  a 
man  alive  that  is  dead.  These  and  many  other  such  pretie 
accidents,  so  amazed  and  affrighted  both  Powhatan  and 
all  his  people  that  from  all  parts  with  presents  they  desired 
peace,  returning  many  stolne  things  which  wee  neither 
demanded  nor  thought  of.  And  after  that,  those  that 
were  taken  stealing  (both  Powhatan  and  his  people)  hath 
sent  them  backe  to  James  Towne  to  receive  their  punish- 
ment, and  all  the  Countrie  became  absolutely  as  free  for 
us,  as  for  themselves. 

NOw  wee  so  quietly  followed  our  businesse,  that  in  JVhatwas 
three  moneths  wee  made  three  or  foure  last  of  Pitch  ^^ '"  ^^^^^ 
and  Tarre,  and  Sope-ashes,  produced  a  triall  of  Glasse,  ^^/^"^ 
made  a  Well  in  the  Fort  of  excellent  sweet  water  (which  victmlL 
till  then  was  wanting)  built  some  twenty  houses,  recovered 
our  Church,  provided  Nets  and  wares  for  fishing  (and  to 
stop  the  disorders  of  our  disorderly  theeves  and   the 
Savages)  built  a  Blocke-house  in  the  necke  of  our  He, 
kept  by  a  garrison  to  entertaine  the  Savages  trade,  and 
none  to  passe  nor  repasse.  Savage,  nor  Christian,  with  out 
the  Presidents  order ;   thirty  or  forty  acres  of  ground  we 
digged,  and  planted ;  of  three  Sowes  in  one  yeare  increased 
sixty  and  odde  Pigges,  and  neere  five  hundred  Chickens 
brought  up  themselves  (without  having  any  meate  given 
them)  but  the  Hogges  were  transported  to  Hogge  He, 

523 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


The  store 
devoured  by 
rats  hoa  toe 
lived  three 
moneths  of  such 
natural  fridts 
as  the 
Countrie 
afforded. 
Rat-plague. 


The  paines  of 
40.  fid  1 50. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

where  also  we  built  a  Blocke-house  with  a  Garrison,  to 
give  us  notice  of  any  shipping,  and  for  their  exercise  diey 
made  Clap-boord,  Wainscot,  and  cut  downe  Trees  against 
the  ships  comming.  Wee  built  also  a  Fort  for  a  retreat, 
neere  a  convenient  River  upon  a  high  commandingr  Hill, 
very  hard  to  be  assaulted,  and  easie  to  be  defended ;  but 
ere  it  was  halfe  finished,  this  defect  caused  a  stay;  in 
searching  our  Casked  Corne,  wee  found  it  halfe  rotten,  the 
rest  so  consumed  with  the  many  thousand  Rattes 
(increased  first  firom  the  ships)  that  wee  knew  not  how 
to  keepe  that  little  wee  had.  This  did  drive  us  all  to  our 
wits  end,  for  there  was  nothing  in  the  Countrey  but  what 
Nature  afl^oorded,  untill  this  time  Keinps  and  Tassore, 
were  fettered  Prisoners,  and  daily  wrought,  and  taught 
us  how  to  order  and  plant  our  fields.  Whom  now  (for 
want  of  victuall)  we  set  at  libertie,  but  so  well  were  they 
used,  that  they  little  desired  it;  and  to  expresse  their 
loves,  for  sixteene  dayes  continuance,  the  Countrey 
brought  us  (when  least)  one  hundred  a  day  of  Squirrils, 
Turkeyes,  Deare,  and  other  wilde  Beasts ;  but  this  want 
of  Corne  occasioned  the  end  of  all  our  workes,  it  beeinp 
worke  suflScient  to  provide  victuall,  sixtie  or  eightie  with 
Ensigne  Laxon,  were  sent  downe  the  River  to  live  upon 
Oysters,  and  twentie  with  Lieutenant  Percie  to  try  for 
fishing  at  Point  Comfort,  but  in  sixe  weekes,  they  would 
not  agree  once  to  cast  out  their  Net.  Master  West  with 
as  many  went  up  to  the  Falls,  but  nothing  could  be  found 
but  a  few  Berries  and  Acornes ;  of  that  in  the  store  every 
one  had  their  equall  proportion.  Till  this  present  (by 
the  hazard  and  endeavour  of  some  thirtie  or  fortie)  this 
whole  number  had  ever  bin  fed.  We  had  more  Sturgeon 
then  could  be  devoured  by  Dogge  and  Man ;  of  which 
the  industrious,  by  drying  and  pownding,  mingled  with 
Caviare,  Sorrell,  and  other  wholsome  hearbs,  would  make 
Bread  and  Meate;  others  would  gather  as  much  Tock- 
wough  Roots  in  a  day,  as  would  make  them  Bread  a 
Weeke,  so  that  of  those  wilde  Fruites,  Fish,  and  Berries, 
these  lived  very  well  (in  regard  of  such  a  Diet)  but  such 

524 


OCCURRENTS   IN    VIRGINIA 

was  the  most  strange  condition  of  some  one  hundred  and 
fiftie,  that  had  they  not  beene  forced  to  gather  and  prepare 
their  victuaU  they  would  all  have  starved,  and  have  eaten 
one  another:  of  those  wilde  fruites  the  Savages  often 
brought  us :  and  for  that  the  President  would  not  fulfill 
the  unreasonable  desire  of  those  distracted  lubberly 
Gluttons  to  sell,  not  only  our  Kettles,  Howes,  Tooles,  and 
Iron,  nay  Swords,  Peeces,  and  the  very  Ordnance,  and 
Houses  (might  they  have  prevailed  but  to  have  beene 
but  idle)  for  those  Savage  fruites  they  would  have  imparted 
all  to  the  Savages,  especially  for  one  basket  of  Cornc 
they  heard  of^  to  bee  at  Powhatans,  fiftie  miles 
from  our  Fort,  though  hee  brought  ncerc  halfe  of 
it  to  satisfie  their  humours,  yet  to  have  had  the 
other  halfe,  they  would  have  sold  their  soules 
(though  not  sufficient  to  have  kept  them  a  Weeke) 
thousands  were  their  exclamations,  suggestions,  and 
devises,  to  force  him  to  those  base  Inventions,  to  have 
made  it  an  occasion  to  abandon  the  Countrey.  Want 
perforce  constrayned  him  to  indurc  their  exdayming  follies 
till  hee  found  out  the  Author,  one  Dyer,  a  most  craftie 
Knave,  and  his  ancient  maligner,  whomc  hee  worthily 
punished,  and  with  the  rest  nee  argued  the  case  in  this 
manner.  Fellow  Souldiers,  I  did  little  thinke  any  so  false 
to  report,  or  so  many  so  simple  to  bee  perswaded,  that  I 
either  intend  to  starve  you,  or  that  Powhatan  (at  this 
present)  hath  Corne  for  himselfe,  much  lesse  for  you ;  or 
that  I  would  not  have  it,  if  I  knew  where  it  were  to  be 
had.  Neither  did  I  thinke  any  so  malicious  as  now  I  see 
a  great  many,  yet  it  shall  not  so  much  passionate  mee,  but 
I  will  doe  my  best  for  my  worst  maligner.  But  dreame  no 
longer  of  this  vaine  hope  from  Powhatan,  nor  that  I  will 
longer  forbeare  to  force  you  from  your  idlenesse,  and  punish 
you  if  vou  raile,  you  cannot  denie  but  that  by  the  hazard 
of  my  life,  many  a  time  I  have  saved  yoiirs,  when,  might 
your  owne  wills  have  prevailed,  you  would  have  starved, 
and  will  doe  still  whether  I  will  or  no.  But  I  protest  by 
that  God  that  made  me,  since  necessitie  hath  not  power  to 

525 


A.D. 
1606-10. 


Basenesse  of 
idlenesse. 


Their  desire  to 

destroy 

themselves. 

[IV.  ix. 

1728.1 


The  Presi- 
dents Speech  to 
the  Drones. 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


But  7. 0/200. 
died  in  ttoo 
moneths. 


PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

force  you  to  gather  for  your  selves  those  fruits  the  Earth 
doth  yeeld,  you  shall  not  only  gather  for  your  selves^  but 
for  those  that  are  sicke:  as  yet  I  never  had  more  from 
the  store  then  the  worst  of  you;  and  all  my  English 
extraordinary  provision  that  I  have,  you  shall  see  me 
devide  among  the  sicke.  And  this  Savage  trash,  you  so 
scornfully  repine  at,  beine^  put  in  your  mouthes  your 
stomacks  can  digest  it,  and  therefore  I  will  take  a  course 
you  shall  provide  it.  The  sicke  shall  not  starve,  but 
equally  share  of  all  our  labours,  and  every  one  that 

fathereth  not  every  day  as  much  I  doe,  the  next  day  shall 
e  set  beyond  the  River,  and  for  ever  be  banished  firom 
the  Fort,  and  live  there  or  starve. 

This  order  many  murmured,  was  very  cruell,  but  it 
caused  the  most  part  so  well  bestirre  themselves,  that  of 
two  hundred  men  (except  they  were  drowned)  there  died 
not  past  seven  or  eight.  As  for  Captaine  Winne,  and 
Master  Ley,  they  died  ere  this  want  happened,  and  the 
rest  died  not  for  want  of  such  as  preserved  the  rest. 
Many  were  billitted  among  the  Savages,  whereby  we  knew 
all  their  passages,  fields,  and  habitations,  how  to  gather 
and  use  their  nruits,  as  well  as  themselves.  So  well  those 
poore  Savages  used  us  (that  were  thus  BiUited)  as  divers 
of  the  Somdiers  ranne  away,  to  search  Kemps  our  old 
prisoner.  Glad  was  this  Savage  to  have  such  an  occasion 
to  testifie  his  love,  for  insteed  of  entertayning  them,  and 
such  things  as  they  had  stolne  with  all  the  great  offers 
and  promises  they  made  them,  to  revenge  their  injuries 
upon  Captaine  Smith.  First  hee  made  himselfc  sport,  in 
shewing  his  Countrimen  (by  them)  how  hee  was  used; 
feeding  them  with  this  Law,  Who  would  not  worke  must 
not  eate,  till  they  were  neere  starved,  continiially  threatning 
to  beate  them  to  death,  neither  could  they  get  fi-om  him, 
till  perforce  he  brought  them  to  our  Captaine,  that  so  we 
contented  him,  and  punished  them :  as  many  others  that 
intended  also  to  have  followed  them,  were  rather  contented 
to  labour  at  home,  then  adventure  to  live  idle  among  the 
Savages  (of  whom  there  was  more  hope  to  make  letter 

$26 


OCCURRENTS   IN   VIRGINIA 

Christians  and  good  subjects,  then  the  one  halfe  of  those 
that  counterfeited  themselves  both)  For  so  afFraid  were 
all  those  Kings  and  the  better  sort  of  their  people,  to 
displease  us,  that  some  of  the  baser  sort  that  wee  have 
extreamely  hurt  and  punished  for  their  villanies,  would 
hire  us  that  wee  should  not  tell  it  to  their  Kings  or  Coun- 
trimen,  who  would  also  repunish  them,  and  yet  returne 
them  to  James  Towne  to  content  the  President,  by  that 
testimonie  of  their  loves. 

Master  Sicklemore  well  returned  from  Chawonock,  but 
found  little  hope  and  lesse  certaintie  of  them  which  had 
beene  left  by  Sir  Walter  Rawley.  So  that  Nathaniell 
Powell  and  Anas  Todkill,  were  also,  by  the  Quiyough- 

Siohanocks,  conducted  to  the  Mangoages  to  search  them 
ere.  But  nothing  could  we  learne  out  they  were  all 
dead.  This  honest,  proper,  good  promise-keeping  King, 
of  all  the  rest  did  ever  best  affect  us,  and  though  to  his 
false  Gods  hee  was  yet  very  zealous,  yet  he  would  con- 
fesse,  ovir  God  as  much  exceeded  his,  as  our  Guns  did  his 
Bow  and  Arrowes,  often  sending  our  President  many 
Presents  to  pray  to  his  God  for  rain,  or  his  corn  would 
perish,  for  his  Gods  were  angrie  all  this  time.  To  redaime 
the  Dutchmen,  and  one  fientley  another  Fugitive,  we 
imployed  one  William  Volda,  (a  Switzer  by  birth)  with 
pardons  and  promises  to  regain  them.  Little  we  then 
suspected  this  double  villanie  of  any  villany,  who  plainly 
taught  us,  in  the  most  trust  was  the  greatest  Treason. 
For  this  wicked  Hypocrite,  by  the  seeming  hate  hee  bore 
to  the  lewd  condition  of  his  cursed  Countrimen,  having 
this  opportunitie  by  his  imployment  to  regaine  them,  con- 
veighed  them  every  thing  they  desired  to  effect  their 
project  to  destroy  the  Colonie.  With  much  devotion  they 
expected  the  Spaniard,  to  whom  they  intended  to  have 
done  good  service.  But  to  begin  with  the  first  oppor- 
tunitie, they  seeing  necessitie  thus  inforced  us  to  disperse 
our  selves ;  importuned  Powhatan  to  lend  them  but  his 
forces,  and  they  would  not  only  destroy  our  Hogges,  fire 
our  Towne,  and  betray  our  Pinnasse;   but  bring  to  his 

5«7 


A.D. 
1606-IO. 


The  Savages 
returne  our 
Fugitives, 

Search  for 
them  sent  by 
Sir  W. 
Rawleuf. 
Powhatan  con- 
fessed that  hee 
had  bin  at  the 
murther  of 
that  Colonie  : 
and  shewed  to 
Cap.  Smith  a 
Mushet 
barren  and  a 
brasse  Morter^ 
and  certaine 
peeces  of  Iron 
which  had  bin 
theirs. 


The  Dutch- 
mens  tray- 
terous  projects. 


A.D.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606-10. 

service  and  subjection  the  most  part  of  our  companies. 
With  this  plot  they  had  acquainted  many  discontents,  and 
many  were  agreed  to  their  devillish  practise.  But  one 
Thomas  Dovese  and  Thomas  Mallara  (whose  Christian 
hearts  much  relenting  at  such  an  unchristian  act)  volun- 
tarily revealed  it  to  Captaine  Smith :  who  did  his  best  it 
might  be  concealed,  perswading  Dovese  and  Mallard  to 
proceed  in  the  confederacie :  only  to  bring  the  irreclamable 
Dutchmen,  and  inconstant  Savages  in  such  a  manner 
amongst  his  Ambuscadoes,  as  hee  had  prepared,  as  not 
many  of  them  should  ever  have  returned  from  out  our 
Peninsula. 
[IV.  ix.  But  this  brute  comming  to  the  eares  of  the  impatient 

1729-]  multitude,  they  so  importuned  the  President  to  cut  off 
those  Dutchmen,  as  amongst  many  that  offered  to  cut 
Two  Gentle-    their  throats  before  the  face  of  Powhatan,  Master  Wiffin 
men  senttokil  and  Jefra  Abbot  were  sent  to  stabbe  or  shoote  them ;  but 
them.  these  Dutchmen  made  such  excuses  accusing  Volday  whom 

they  supposed  had  revealed  their  project,  as  Abbot  would 
not,  yet  Wiffin  would,  perceiving  it  but  deceit.  The 
Kin£  understanding  of  this  their  imployment,  sent  pre- 
sentiy  his  Mesengers  to  Captaine  Smith,  to  signifie  it  was 
not  his  fault  to  detayne  them,  nor  hinder  his  men  from 
executing  his  command,  nor  did  hee  nor  would  he  mayn- 
taine  them,  or  any  to  occasion  his  displeasure.  But  ere 
this  businesse  was  brought  to  a  point,  God  having  seene 
our  misery  sufficient,  sent  in  Captaine  Argall  to  fish  for 
Sturgeon  with  a  ship  well  furnished  with  Wme  and  Bisket, 
which  though  it  was  not  sent  us,  such  were  our  occasions 
we  tooke  it  at  a  price,  but  left  him  sufficient  to  retume  for 
England,  still  dissembling  Valdo  his  villany,  but  certainly 
he  had  not  escaped  had  the  President  continued. 
Cap,  Smith.  Notwithstanding  this  Valdo  comming  for  England,  pre- 
tending to  the  Company  what  rich  Mynes  he  had  found, 
for  which  he  was  verie  much  favoured,  rewarded  and 
respected,  but  returning  with  the  Lord  La-ware,  he  could 
not  performe  any  thing  hee  promised,  and  thus  also  having 
coozened  them  all,  died  both  basely  and  miserably.     For 

528 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 
the  rest  of  his  Consorts  upon  the  arrivall  of  the  Lord 
La-ware,  whom  they  highly  recommended  to  Powhatan, 
promising  what  epreat  wonders  they  would  worke  with 
his  LordSiip,  would  he  give  them  leave  to  goe  to  him,  but 
when  he  saw  they  would  be  gone,  he  replied,  as  you  would 
have  betrayed  Captaine  Smith  to  me,  so  will  you  me  to 
this  Lord,  for  you  that  would  be  so  false  to  him,  cannot 
be  true  to  me,  so  caused  his  men  to  beat  out  their  braines, 
as  the  Savages  reported  to  divers  that  came  from  thence. 

TO   redresse    those   jarres   and    ill   proceedings,    the  The  arrivall 
Councell  in  England  altered  the  government  and  ff^^^^ird 
devolved  the  authoritie  to  the  Lord  De-la-ware.     Who  ^q^2,\^ 
for  his  Deputie,  sent  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  and  Sir  George  The  alteration 
Somers,  with  nine  ships  and  five  himdred  persons:    they  oftkegpvem' 
set  saile  from  England  in  May  1609.  ^  small  Catch  perished  ^^^* 
at  Sea  in  a  Herycano.     The  Admirall,  with  150.  men,  ^.Jf^^-^ 
with  the  two  Knights,  and  their  new  Commission,  their  *  ' 

Bils  of  loading  with  all  manner  of  directions,  and  the 
most  part  of  their  provision  arrived  not.  With  the  other 
seven  (as  Captaines)  arrived  RatlifFe  (whose  right  name 
was  Sickelmore)  Martin,  and  Archer.  Who  as  they  had 
beene  troublesome  at  Sea,  began  againe  to  marre  all  ashore. 
For  though,  as  is  said,  they  were  formerly  deposed  and 
sent  for  England :  yet  now  returning  againe,  graced  by 
the  title  of  Captaines  of  the  passengers,  seeing  the 
Admirall  wanting,  and  great  prooabilitie  of  her  losst: 
strengthned  themselves  with  those  new  Companies,  so 
railing  and  exclayming  against  Captaine  Smith,  that  they 
mortdly  hated  him,  ere  ever  they  saw  him.  Who  under- 
standing by  his  Scowts,  the  arrivall  of  such  a  fleet  (little 
dreaming  of  any  such  supply)  supposing  them  Spaniards, 
he  so  determined  and  ordered  his  affaires,  as  we  little 
feared  their  arrivall,  nor  the  successe  of  our  incounter, 
nor  were  the  Savages  any  way  negligent  or  unwilling,  to 
aide  and  assist  us  with  their  best  power,  had  it  so  beene,  ^^^  /^^7 
we  had  beene  happy.  For  we  would  not  have  trusted  under  our 
them  but  as  our  foes,  whereas  receiving  those  as  our  colours. 

XVIIl  529  2L 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 

MuHnii. 


ThiplanHng 
Nansamund, 


A  plantation 
oftkefals. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

Countrimen  and  friends,  they  did  their  best  to  murder 
our  President,  to  siuprize  the  store,  the  Fort,  and  our 
Lodgings,  to  usurpe  the  government,  and  make  us  all  their 
servants  and  slaves  to  our  owne  merit.  To  a  thousand 
mischiefes  those  lewd  Captaines  led  this  lewd  company, 
wherein  were  many  unruly  Gallants  packed  thether  by 
their  friends  to  escape  ill  Destinies,  and  those  would  dis- 
pose and  determine  of  the  government,  sometimes  one, 
the  next  day  another,  to  day  the  old  Commission,  to 
morrow  the  new,  the  next  day  by  neither.  In  fine,  they 
would  rule  all  or  ruine  all;  yet  in  Charitie  wee  must 
endure  them  thus  to  destroy  us,  or  by  correcting  their 
follies,  have  brought  the  Worlds  censure  upon  us  to  have 
beene  guiltie  of  tneir  blouds.  Happie  had  we  beene  had 
they  never  arrived ;  and  wee  for  ever  abandoned,  and  (as 
wee  were)  left  to  oiu-  fortunes,  for  on  Earth  was  never 
more  confusion,  or  misery,  then  their  factions  occasioned. 

The  President  seeing  the  desire  those  Braves  had  to 
rule,  seeing  how  his  authoritie  was  so  unexpectedly 
changed,  would  willingly  have  left  all  and  returned  for 
Enghnd,  but  seeing  there  was  small  hope  this  new  Com- 
mission woiJd  arrive,  longer  hee  would  not  suffer  those 
factious  spirits  to  proceed.  It  would  be  too  tedious^  too 
strange,  and  almost  incredible,  should  I  particularly  telate 
the  infinite  dangers,  plots,  and  practises,  hee  daily  esc^>ed 
amongst  this  factious  crue,  the  chiefe  whereof  hee  quickly 
laid  by  the  heeles,  till  his  leasure  better  served  to  doe 
them  Justice ;  and  to  take  away  all  occasions  of  further 
mischiefe.  Master  Percie  had  his  request  granted  to  returne 
for  England,  and  Master  West  with  one  hundred  and 
twentie  went  to  plant  at  the  Falls,  Martin  with  neere  as 
many  to  Nansamund,  with  their  due  proportions  of  all 
provisions,  according  to  their  numbers. 

Now  the  Presidents  yeere  being  neere  expired,  he  made 
Martin  President,  who  knowing  his  owne  insufiiciencie, 
and  the  Companies  scorne  and  conceit  of  his  unworthi- 
nesse,  within  three  houres  resigned  it  againe  to  Captaine 
Smith,  and  at  Nansamund  thus  proceeded.     The  people 

530 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 

being  Contributors  used  him  kindly :    yet  such  was  his  The  breach  of 

{*ealous  feare,  and  cowardize  in  the  midst  of  his  mirth,  ptoce  mth  the 
ic  did  surprize  this  poore  naked  King,  with  his  Monu-  ^'^^^''• 
ments.  Houses,  and  the  He  hee  inhabited ;    and  there  [IV.  ii. 
fortified  himselfe,  but  so  apparantly  distracted  with  feare,  "73o] 

as  imboldned  the  Savages  to  assault  him,  kill  his  men, 
redeeme  their  King,  gather  and  carrie  away  more  then 
one  thousand  bushels  of  Corne,  he  not  once  daring  to 
intercept  them.  But  sent  to  the  President  then  at  the 
Falls  for  thirtie  good  shot,  which  from  James  Towne 
immediately  were  sent  him,  but  he  so  well  imployed  them, 
as  they  did  just  nothing,  but  returned,  complayning  of 
his  childishnesse,  that  with  them  fled  from  his  company, 
and  so  left  them  to  their  fortunes. 

Master  West  having  seated  his  men  at  the  Falls, 
presently  returned  to  revisit  James  Towne,  the  President 
met  him  by  the  way  as  hee  followed  him  to  the  Falls: 
where  hee  found  this  Company  inconsiderately  seated,  in  a 
place  not  only  subject  to  the  Rivers  inundation,  but  round 
invironed  with  many  intolerable  inconveniences.  For 
remedy  whereof,  hee  sent  presently  to  Powhatan,  to  sell  Powhatan  sold 
him  the  place  called  Powhatan,  promisingr  to  defend  him  fi^  Copper. 
against  the  Monacans,  and  these  should  be  his  conditions 
(with  his  people)  to  resigne  him  the  Fort  and  Houses, 
and  all  that  Countrey  for  a  proportion  of  Copper :  that 
all  stealing  oflFenders  should  bee  sent  him,  there  to  receive 
their  punishment :  that  every  House  as  a  custome  should 
pay  him  a  bushell  of  Corne  tor  an  inch  square  of  Copper, 
and  a  proportion  of  Pocones  as  a  yeerely  Tribute  to  King 
James,  for  their  protection  as  a  dutie:  what  else  they 
could  spare  to  barter  at  their  best  discretion. 

But  both  this  excellent  place  and  those  good  conditions  Mutinies, 
did  those  fiiries  refuse,  contemning  both  him,  his  kinde 
care  and  authoritie,  the  worst  they  could  to  shew  their 
spight,  they  did.  I  doc  more  then  wonder  to  thinke 
how  only  with  five  men,  hee  either  durst,  or  would 
adventure  as  he  did  (knowing  how  greedie  they  were 
of    his    bloud)    to    land    amongst    them,    and '  commit 

531 


A.D.  PURCHAS   HIS  PILGRIMES 

1606-10. 

to  imprisonment  the  ^eatest  spirits  amongst  them^  till 
Five  suppresse  by  their  mviltitudes  bemg  one  hundred  and  twentie,  they 
>*o-  forced  him  to  retire,  jtt  in  that  retreat  he  surpriz^  one 

of  the  Boats,  wherewith  he  returned  to  their  ship,  wherein 
was  their  provisions,  which  also  he  tooke.  And  well  it 
chanced  he  found  the  Mariners  so  tractable  and  constant, 
or  there  had  beene  small  possibilitie  hee  had  ever  escaped. 
Notwithstanding  there  were  many  of  the  best,  I  meane, 
of  the  most  worthy  in  judgement,  reason  or  experience, 
that  from  their  first  landing  hearing  the  genendl  good 
report  of  his  old  Souldiers,  and  seeing  with  their  eyes  his 
actions  so  well  mannaged  with  discretion,  as  Captaine 
Wood,  Captaine  Web,  Captaine  Moone,  Captaine  Phitz- 
James,  Master  Partridge,  Master  White,  Master  Powell, 
and  divers  others;  when  they  perceived  the  malice  and 
condition  of  Ratcliffe,  Martin,  and  Archer,  left  their 
factions ;  and  ever  rested  his  ^ithfull  friend :  But  the 
The  breach  of  worst  was,  the  poore  Savages  that  daily  brought  in  their 
peace  toith  the  contribution  to  the  President,  that  disorderfy  company 
Savers  at  the  ^^  tormented  those  poore  naked  soules,  by  stealing  their 
Corne,  robbing  their  Gardens,  beating  them,  breaking 
their  Houses,  and  keeping  some  prisoners ;  that  they  daily 
complayned  to  Captaine  Smith,  nee  had  brought  them  for 
Protectors  worse  enemies  then  the  Monacans  themselves, 
which  though  till  then  (for  his  love)  they  had  indured : 
they  desired  pardon,  if  hereafter  they  defended  themselves, 
since  hee  would  not  correct  them,  as  thev  had  long  expected 
he  would :  so  much  they  importuned  nim  to  punish  their 
misdemeanours,  as  they  offered  (if  he  would  conduct  them) 
to  fight  for  him  against  them.  But  having  spent  nine 
dayes  in  seeking  to  redaime  them,  shewing  them  how 
much  they  did  abuse  themselves,  with  their  great  gilded 
hopes,  of  Seas,  Mynes,  Commodities,  or  Victories  they 
so  madly  conceived.  Then  (seeing  nothing  would  pre- 
vaile  with  them)  hee  set  saile  for  James  Towne :  now  no 
An  assault  by  sooner  was  the  ship  under  saile  but  the  Savages  assaulted 
the  Savages,  those  one  hundred  and  twentie  in  their  Fort,  finding  some 
stragling  abroad  in  the  Woods  they  slue  many,  and  so 

53« 


OCCURRENTS  IN    VIRGINIA 

affrighted  the  rest,  as  their  prisoners  escaped,  and  they 
scarce  retyred,  with  the  Swords  and  Clokes,  of  these  they 
had  slaine.  But  ere  we  had  sailed  a  league  our  ship 
grounding,  gave  us  once  more  libertie  to  summon  them 
to  a  parlie.  Where  we  found  them  all  so  strangely  amazed 
with  this  poore  simple  assault,  as  they  submitted  them- 
selves upon  any  tearmes  to  the  Presidents  mercy.  Who 
presently  put  by  the  heeles  six  or  seven  of  the  chiefe 
offenders,  the  rest  he  seated  gallantly  at  Powhatan,  in 
their  Savage  Fort  they  built  and  pretily  fortified  with 
Poles  and  Barkes  of  Trees  sufficient  to  have  defended  them 
from  all  their  Savages  in  Virginia,  dry  Houses  for  Lodg- 
ings three  hundred  Acres  of  ground  readie  to  plant,  and 
no  place  so  strong,  so  pleasant  and  delightfull  in  Virginia, 
for  which  wee  called  it  None-such.  The  Savages  also 
he  presently  appeased;  redelivering  to  every  one  their 
former  losses.  Thus  all  were  friends,  new  Officers 
appointed  to  command,  and  the  President  againe  ready 
to  depart.  But  at  that  instant  arrived  Master  West, 
whose  good  nature  with  the  perswasions  and  compassion 
of  those  mutinous  prisoners  was  so  much  abused,  that  to 
regaine  their  old  shops  new  turmoyles  arose.  For  the 
rest  being  possessed  of  all  their  Victuall,  Munition,  and 
every  thmg,  they  grow  to  that  height  in  their  former 
factions,  as  there  the  President  left  them  to  their  Fortunes, 
they  returning  againe  to  the  open  Aire  at  West  Fort, 
abandoning  Non-such,  and  hee  to  James  Towne  with  his 
best  Expedition,  but  this  happened  him  in  that  Journey. 

Sleeping  in  his  Boat  (for  the  Ship  was  returned  two 
dayes  before)  accidentally,  one  fired  his  Powder-bag,  which 
tore  his  flesh  from  his  bodie  and  thighes,  nine  or  ten 
inches  square  in  a  most  pittifuU  manner :  but  to  quench 
the  tormenting  fire  frying  him  in  his  clothes,  hee  leaped 
overboard  into  the  deepe  River,  where  ere  they  could 
recover  him  hee  was  neere  drowned.  In  this  estate,  with- 
out either  Chirurgion,  or  Chirurgerie  he  was  to  goe  neere 
one  hundred  miles.  Arriving  at  James  Towne,  causing 
all  things  to  be  prepared  for  Feace  or  Warres  to  obtaine 

533 


A.D. 

I606-IO. 


The  planting 
ofNmsttch, 
New  peace 
amcluded. 


Cap,  Smith 
blwone  up 
mth  powder. 


[IV.  ix. 

1731.] 


AD.  PITRCHAS  HIS  MLGRIMES 

1 606-10. 

provision,  whilest  those  things  were  providing,  Martin, 
Katcliffe,  and  Archer,  being  to  have  their  trialls,  their 
guiltie  consciences  fearing  a  just  reward  for  their  deserts, 
seeing  the  President  unable  to  stand,  and  neere  bereft  of 
J  btoudy  his  senses  by  reason  of  his  torment,  they  had  plotted  to 
tnttnt.  j^j^^g  murdered  him  in  his  bed.     But  his  heart  did  faile 

him  that  should  have  given  fire  to  that  mercilesse  Pistoll. 
So,  not  finding  that  course  to  be  the  best,  they  joyned 
together  to  usurpe  the  government,  thereby  to  escape  their 
punishment,  and  excuse  themselves  by  accusing  hinu  The 
President  had  notice  of  their  projects :  the  which  to  with- 
stand, though  his  old  Soiddiers  importimed  him,  but  to 
permit  them  to  take  ofi!^  their  heads  that  would  resist  his 
command,  yet  he  would  not  permit  them :  but  sent  for 
The  fffvern-  the  Masters  of  ships,  and  tooke  order  with  them  for  his 
ment  usurped,  returnc  for  England.  Seeing  there  was  neither  Chirurgion, 
nor  Chirurgery  in  the  Fort  to  cure  his  hurt,  and  the  ships 
to  depart  the  next  day,  his  Commission  to  be  suppressed 
hee  knew  not  why,  himselfe  and  Souldiers  to  bee  rewarded 
he  knew  not  how,  and  a  new  Commission  granted  they 
knew  not  to  whom,  the  which  so  disabled  that  authoritie 
he  had,  as  made  them  presume  so  oft  to  those  mutimes 
and  factions  as  they  did.  Besides,  so  grievous  was  his 
wounds,  and  so  cruell  his  torment,  few  expected  he  could 
live,  nor  was  he  able  to  follow  his  businesse  to  regaine 
what  they  had  lost,  suppresse  those  factions,  and  range  the 
Countries  for  provision  as  he  intended,  and  well  he  knew 
those  afiFaires  his  owne  actions  and  presence  was  as  requisite 
as  his  experience,  and  directions,  which  now  could  not  be, 
hee  went  presently  aboard,  resolving  there  to  appoint  them 
governours,  and  to  take  order  for  the  mutiners  and  their 
confederates.  Who  seeing  him  gone,  perswaded  Master 
Persie  to  stay  and  be  their  President,  and  within  lesse  then 
an  hour  was  this  mutation  begun  &  concluded.  For  when 
^ju  ^^'^hj  h  ^^^  Company  understood  Smith  would  leave  them,  and 
Ihe^un^e  ^^^  ^^  ^^^*  ^^  Armes  called  Presidents  and  Councellors, 
andhii  divers  began  to  fawne  on  those  new  Commanders,  that 

Commissum.     now  bent  all  their  wits  to  get  him  resigne  them  his  Com- 

534 


OCCURRENTS   IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1 606-10. 

mission,  who  after  many  salt  and  bitter  repulses,  that  their 
confusion  should  not  bee  attributed  to  him,  for  leaving 
the  Country  without  government  and  authoritie ;  having 
taken  order  to  be  free  from  danger  of  their  malice ;  he 
was  not  imwilling  they  should  steale  it  from  him,  but 
never  consented  to  deliver  it  to  any. 

Leaving  us  thus,  with  three  Ships,  seven  Boats,  com-  Thestauofthe 
modities  readie  to  trade,  the  Harvest  newly  gathered,  ten  Cokny.whin 
weekes  provision  in  the  store,  foure  hundr^  nintie  and  ^1^;"'' 
odde  persons,  foure  and  twentie  Peeces  of  Ordnance,  three  Provisions  left, 
hundred   Muskets,   Snaphanches,   and  fire-lockes.   Shot, 
Powder,  and  match  sufficient,  Curats,  Pikes,  Swords,  and 
Morions  more  then  men :   the  Savages  their  language  and 
habitations  well  knowne  to  one  hundred  well  trained  and 
expert  Souldiers:    Nets  for  Fishing,  Tooles  of  all  sorts 
to  worke,  Apparell  to  supply  our  wants,  sixe  Mares,  and 
a  Horse,  five  or  sixe  hundred  Swine,  as  many  Hennes 
and  Chickens;    some  Goates,  some  Sheepe,  what  was 
brought  or  bred  there  remained:     but  they  regarded 
nothmg  but  from  hand  to  mouth,  to  consume  what  wee 
had,  tooke  care  for  nothing  but  to  perfit  some  colourable 
complaints  against  Captaine  Smith,  for  effecting  whereof,  '^^}^  ^om- 
three  weekes  longer  thev  staied  the  sixe  Ships  till  thev  /^'*''^ 
could  produce  them.     Tnat  time  and  charge  might  mucn  ^^^  ^^^^^ 
better  have  beene  spent ;  but  it  suted  weU  with  the  rest 
of  their  discretions.      Now  all  these  which  Smith  had 
either  whipped,  punished,  or  any  way  disgraced,  had  fi-ee 
power  and  libertie  to  say  or  sweare  any  thing,  and  from 
a  whole  armefuU  of  their  examination,  this  was  concluded. 

The  Mutiners  at  The  Falls,  complained  he  caused  the 
Savages  to  assault  them,  for  that  he  would  not  revenge 
their  losse,  they  being  but  one  hundred  and  twentie,  and 
hee  five  men  and  himselfe,  and  this  they  proved  by  the 
oath  of  one  hee  had  oft  whipped  for  perjury  and  pilfering. 
The  Dutch-men  that  hee  had  appointed  to  be  stab'd  for 
their  treacheries,  swore  he  sent  to  poison  them  with  Rats- 
bane. The  prudent  Councell,  that  he  woiild  not  submit 
himselfe  to  their  stolne  authoritie.     Coe  and  Dyer,  that 

535 


1606-10. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 


should  have  murdered  him,  were  highly  preferred  for 
swearing)  they  heard  one  say,  he  heard  Powhatan  say, 
That  hee  heard  a  man  say :  if  the  King  would  not  send 
that  Corne  hee  had,  hee  shoiild  not  long  enjoy  his  Copper 
Crowne,  nor  those  Robes  hee  had  sent  hun:  yet  those 
also  swore  he  might  have  had  Corne  for  Tooles,  but  would 
not.  The  truth  was.  Smith  had  no  such  Engines  as  the 
King  demanded,  nor  Powhatan  any  Corne.  Yet  this 
argued  he  would  starve  them.  Others  complained  hee 
would  not  let  them  rest  in  the  Fort  (to  starve)  but  forced 
them  to  the  Oyster  Bankes  to  live  or  starve,  as  hee  lived 
himselfe.  For  though  hee  had  of  his  owne  private  pro- 
visions sent  from  England,  sufficient:  yet  hee  gave  it 
all  away  to  the  weake  and  sidke,  causing  the  most  untoward 
(by  doing  as  he  did)  to  gather  their  food  from  the 
unknowne  parts  of  the  Rivers  and  Woods,  that  they  lived 
(though  hardly)  that  otherwayes  would  have  starved,  ere 
they  would  have  left  their  beds,  or  at  the  most  the  sight 
of  James  Towne  to  have  got  their  owne  victuall.  Some 
propheticall  spirit  calcidat^  he  had  the  Savages  in  such 
subjection,  he  would  have  made  himselfe  a  King,  by 
marrying  Pocahontas,  Powhatans  daughter.  It  is  true, 
she  was  the  very  nonpareil  of  his  Kingdome,  and  at  most 
^j«j:«4fr,^^  jjQ|.  pj^g|.  thirtecne  or  fourteene  yeeres  of  age.  Very  oft 
5«/m/^  ^^®  came  to  our  Fort,  with  what  shee  coiildget  for  Cap- 
taine  Smith,  that  ever  loved  and  used  all  the  Countrey 
well,  but  her  especially  hee  ever  much  respected:  and 
shee  so  well  requited  it,  that  when  her  father  intended  to 
have  surprized  him,  she  by  stealth  in  the  darke  night 
came  through  the  wild  Woods  and  told  him  of  it.  But 
her  marriage  could  no  way  have  entided  him  by  any  right 
to  the  Kingdome,  nor  was  it  ever  suspected  he  had  ever 
such  a  thought,  or  more  regarded  her,  or  any  of  them, 
then  in  honest  reason  and  discretion  he  might.  If  he 
would  he  might  have  married  her,  or  have  done  what  him 
listed.  For  there  was  none  that  coiild  have  hindred  his 
[IV.  ix.  determination.  Some  that  knew  not  any  thing  to  say, 
"732']  the  Councell  instructed,  and  advised  what  to  sweare.     So 

536 


Pocahontas^ 
Powhatans 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  ad. 

1606-10. 

diligent  they  were  in  this  businesse,  that  what  any  could 
remember,  he  had  ever  done,  or  said  in  mirth,  or  passion, 
by  some  circiunstantiall  oath,  it  was  applyed  to  their  fittest 
use,  yet  not  past  eight  or  nine  could  say  much,  and  that 
nothing  but  circumstances,  which  all  men  did  know  was 
most  fflse  and  untrue.  Many  got  their  Passes,  by  promis- 
ing in  England  to  say  much  against  him.  Instead  of 
accusing  him,  I  have  never  heard  any  give  him  a  better 
report,  then  many  of  those  witnesses  themselves  that  were 
sent  only  home  to  testifie  against  him.  Richard  Pots, 
W.  P. 

The  day  before  the  Ships  departed,  C.  Davis  arrived  in 
a  small  Pinnace,  with  some  sixteene  proper  men  more: 
to  those  were  added  a  company  from  James  Towne,  under 
the  command  of  Captaine  RatclifPe,  to  inhabite  Point-  The  planting 
Comfort.  Martin,  and  Master  West  having  lost  their  ^^^[ 
Boats,  and  neere  halfe  their  men  amongst  the  Savages, 
were  returned  to  James  Towne.  For  the  Savages  no 
sooner  understood  of  Captaine  Smiths  losse,  but  mey  all 
revolted,  and  did  murder  and  spoile  all  they  could 
encounter.  Now  were  wee  all  constrained  to  live  onely 
of  that  which  Smith  had  onely  for  his  owne  company,  for 
the  rest  had  consumed  their  proportions.  And  now  have 
wee  twentie  Presidents,  with  all  their  appurtenances,  for 
Master  Persie  was  so  sicke  he  could  not  goe  nor  stand. 
But  ere  all  was  consumed,  Master  West,  and  Ratliffe,  RftRffe  alias 
each  with  a  Pinnace,  and  thirtie  or  fortie  men  well  ^^^^^^'*-^ 
appointed,  sought  abroad  to  trade,  and  upon  confidence  ^p^^aum. 
of  Powhatan,  Ratliffe  and  his  men  were  slaine,  onely 
Jeffery  Shortridge  escaped,  and  Pochahuntas  the  Kings 
daughter  saved  a  boy,  called  Henry  Spelman,  who  liv«i 
many  yeeres  after  by  her  meanes  amongst  the  Patawo- 
mekes.  Powhatan  still  as  hee  found  meanes,  cut  off  their 
Boats  and  denied  them  trade.  And  Master  West  finding 
little  better  successe,  set  saile  for  England.  Now  we  afi 
found  the  want  of  Captaine  Smith,  yea  his  greatest 
maligners  could  then  curse  his  losse.  Now  for  corne, 
provision,  and  contribution  from  the  Savages;   wee  had 

537 


A.D. 

i6o6-io. 


fTtckednes  of 
some 

Mariners. 
The  fruits  of 
improvidences. 


PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

nothing  but  mortall  wounds  with  Clubs  and  Arrowes.  As 
for  our  Hogs,  Goats,  Sheepe,  Horse,  or  what  lived,  our 
Commanders  and  Officers  did  daily  consume  them :  some 
small  proportions  (sometimes)  wee  tasted  till  all  was 
devoujred,  then  Swords,  Arrowes,  Peeces,  or  any  thing 
we  traded  to  the  Savages,  whose  bloudy  fingers  were  so 
imbrued  in  our  blouds,  that  what  by  their  crueltie,  our 
Governours  indiscretion,  and  the  losse  of  our  Ships :  Of 
five  hundred,  within  sixe  moneths  after  there  remained 
not  any  more  then  sixtie  most  miserable  and  poore 
creatures.  It  were  to  vild  to  say  what  wee  endured.  Life 
was  now  preserved  by  Roots,  Herbs,  Acomes,  Walnuts, 
Berries,  now  and  then  a  little  Fish,  and  Starch  by  such 
as  had  any.  A  Savage  slaine  and  buried,  is  said  to  have 
beene  taken  up  by  the  poorer  and  eaten :  which  is  reported 
also  to  have  hapned  to  others  of  their  owne.  A  report 
was  that  one  slew  his  wife,  and  had  eaten  part  of  her: 
this  is  by  others  denied,  the  murther  acknowledged,  and 
he  justly  executed  for  that  parricide. 

The  occasion  of  these  miseries  was  onely  our  owne,  for 
want  of  providence,  industrie,  and  government,  and  not 
the  barrennesse  and  defect  of  the  Countrey,  as  is  generally 
supposed,  for  till  then  in  three  yeeres  (for  the  numbers 
were  landed  us)  wee  had  never  landed  sixf&cient  proviaon 
for  sixe  moneths,  such  a  glutton  is  the  Sea,  and  such  good 
fi^llowes  the  Mariners,  wee  as  little  tasted  of  those  great 
proportions  for  their  provisions,  as  they  of  our  miseries, 
that  notwithstanding  ever  swayd  and  overruled  the  busi- 
nesse :  though  wee  did  live  as  is  said,  three  yeeres  chiefly 
of  what  this  good  Countrev  naturally  afFordeth :  yet  now 
had  wee  beene  in  Paradice  it  selfe  (with  those  Governours) 
it  would  not  have  beene  much  better  with  us,  yet  were 
there  some  amongst  us,  who  had  they  had  the  government, 
woidd  surely  have  kept  us  fi-om  those  extreamities  of 
miseries,  that  in  ten  dayes  more  would  have  supplanted 
us  all  by  death.  Thus  you  see  the  miserable  ends  of  those 
usurping  Commanders,  for  all  their  greatnesse.  Oratory, 
and  long  being  there,  and  what  is  the  want  of  owne  maD 

538 


OCCURRENTS  IN  VIRGINIA  a.d. 

1606-10. 

in  Authorities  that  is  honest  and  valiant,  discreet,  and 

industrious ;  and  how  easily  that  may  also  be  blemished, 

by  ambitious  indiscretion,  or  what  did  hinder  them  now 

in  his  absence,  they  had  not  done  much  better  then  hee, 

having  all  these  advantages. 

But  God  that  would  not  it  should  bee  unplanted,  sent  ThiamvaU 
Sir  Thomas  Gates,  and  Sir  George  Summers,  with  one  ^^^^''^J* 
hundred  and  fiftie  men,  most  happily  preserved  by  the  ,fo/"'' 
Bermudas  to  preserve  us.     But  when  those  noble  Knights 
did  see  our  miseries  (being  strangers  in  the  Countrey)  and 
could  understand  no  more  of  the  cause  but  by  their  con- 
jecture of  our  clamours  and  complaints,  of  accusing  or 
excusing  one  another,  they  imbarked  us  with  themselves, 
with  the  best  meanes  they  could,  and  abandoning  James  ^V^^.  '^^^ 
Towne,  set  saile  for  England. 

But  yet  God  woidd  not  so  have  it,  for  ere  wee  left  the 
River ;  wee  met  the  Lord  de-la-ware,  then  governour  of  '^^  arrivall 
the  Countrey,  with  three  Ships  exceeding  well  furnished  ^{f^j'j^^f^ 
with  all  necessaries  fitting,  who  againe  returned  them  to     ''""'''''^' 
the  abandoned  James  Towne,  the  ninth  of  June,  1610. 
accompanied  with  Sir  Ferdinando  Wainman,  and  divers 
other  Gentlemen  of  sort.     Sir  George  Sommers,  and  Cap- 
taine  ArgaU  he  presently  dispatcheth  to  repaire  to  the 
Bermudas,  to  furnish  them  with  provision :    Sir  Thomas 
Gates  for  England  to  helpe  forward  their  supplies :    him- 
selfe  neglected  not  the  best  was  in  his  power  for  the 
furtherance  of  the  businesse,  and  regaining  what  was  lost. 
But  even  in  the  beginning  of  his  proceedings,  his  Lordship 
had  such  an  incounter,  that  after  eight  months  sicknesse, 
he  was  forced  to  save  his  life,  by  his  returne  for  England. 

In  this  time  ArgaU,  not  finding  the  Bermudas,  having  Two  skips  sent 
lost  Sir  George  Somers  at  sea,  fell  on  the  coast  of  Sagada-  ^'^  '^^ 
hock,  where  refreshing  himselfe,  he  found  a  convenient  ^^^^^^^^ 
fishing  for  Cod.     With  a  taste  whereof  he  returned  to  [IV.  ix. 
James  Towne,  fi-om  whence  the  Lord  De-la-ware  sent  him  "733-] 

to  trade  in  the  River  of  Patawomeck,  where  finding  an 
English  boy  those  people  had  preserved  from  the  fiiry  of 
Powhatan,  by  his  acquaintance  had  such  good  usage  of 

539 


AD.  PURCHAS  HIS  PILGRIMES 

1611. 

those  kind  Savages,  that  they  fraughted  his  Ship  with 
Corne,  wherewith  he  returned  to  James  Towne,  and  so 
for  England  with  the  Lord  Governour;  yet  before  his 
The  arrival  of  retxirne,  the  adventurers  had  sent  Sir  Thomas  Dale  with 
Sir  Tko.  Dale,  three  Ships,  men  and  cattell,  and  all  other  provisions 
necessarie  for  a  yeere,  all  which  arrived  the  tenth  of  May, 
1611. 

Againe,  to  second  him  with  all  possible  expedition  there 

was  prepared  for  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  sixe  tall  Ships  with 

three  hundred  men,  and  one  hundred  Kine,  with  other 

cattell,  with  munition,  and  all  manner  of  provision  could 

be  thought  needfuU,  and  they  arrived  about  the  first  of 

August  next  after  safely  at  James  Towne. 

Sir  George  Sir  George  Somers  all  this  time  was  supposed  lost :  but 

Somen  xii\xs  it  hapned,  missing  the  Barmudas,  hee  fell  also  as  did 

R^i^muiu!'^  ArgaU  with  Sagadahock,  where  being  refreshed,  would 

and  dietk,       ^'^^  content  himselfe  with  that  repulse,  but  retiu-ned  agamc 

in  the  search,  and  there  safely  arrived.     But  overtoyling 

himselfe  on  a  surfet  died.     And  in  this  Cedar  Ship  built 

by  his  owne  directions,  and  partly  with  his  owne  hands, 

that  had  not  in  her  any  Iron,  but  onely  one  bolt  in  her 

Keele,  yet  well  endured  thus  tossed  to  and  againe  in  this 

mightie  Ocean,  till  with  his  dead  bodie  she  arrived  in 

England,  and  at  Whitchurch  in  Dorsetshire,  his  body  by 

His  heart  and  his  friends  was  honourably  buried,  with  manie  volics  of 

'Sh^^'    shot,  and  the  rites  of  a  Souldier,  Sec. 

Summer  ^^^  ^^^  much  may  serve  as  the  argument  of  the  dis- 

Ilandsy  a        courses  following,  and  as  the  Prologue  to  the  Virginian 

name  from  his  Scene,  where  we  will  first  produce  M.  Archer,  after  whose 

to  them  succinct  narration,  M.  Strachies  copious  discourse  shall 

feast  you  with  the  hvely  ex{M*ession  of  others  misenes, 

and  Barmudas  happy  discovery  in  Rhetorickes  Full  sea  and 

spring  tide. 


END    OF   VOLUME   XVIII. 


communicated. 


I     M,>j....J^^J.  ..  .I..V  It 


'^^i^A.  jf^^^rr^ 


^Y^op 


^ 


