RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Hakluyt, The Principall Navigations (London 1589), CIHM microform, complete uncorrected OCR (blackletter; garbled)
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/cihm_35668/cihm_35668_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

Z 
= 


MBN ING MMOD Ns 


SEN WH 


AN 


THE PRINCIPALL 
NAVIGATIONSVOIA- 


GES AND DISCOVERIES OF THE 
Engliſh nation, made by Sea or ouer Land, 
| : to the moft remote and farthest distant Quarters of 


the earth at any time within the compaſſe 
of thefe 1500. yeeres: Denided into three 
ſeuerall parts, according to the po- 
ſitions of the Regions vherun--„ 


to they were directed. 
* * 
* 


— 


The firſt, conteining the perſonall trauels of the Englith vnto Iudea, gyria, A. 
rabia, the riuer Euphrates, Babylon, Balſara, the Perſian Gulfe, Ormuz, Chaul, 
Goa, India, and many Iſlands adioyning to the South parts of Aſia:toge- 
ther with the like vnto Egypt, the chiefeft ports and places of Africa with - 
in and without the Streight of Gibraltar, and about the famous Promon- 
torie of Buona EfperanXa. 


The ſecond, comprehending the worthy diſcoueries of the Englifh towards 
the North and Northeaft by Sea as of Lapland, Scrikfinia, Corelia, the Baie 
of S. Nicholas, the Iles of Colgoieue, Vaigats, and Nona Zembla toward the 
great riuer Ob, with the mightie Empire of Ruſſia, the Caſpian Sea, Georgia, 
Armenia, Media, perſia, Boghar in Bactria, & diuers kingdoms of Tartaria. 


The third and laſt, ineluding the Engliſh valiant attempts in ſearching al. 
moſt all the corners of the vaſte and new world of America, from 73. de- 
rees of Northerly latitude Southward, to Meta Incognita, Newfoundland, 

e maine of Virginia, the point of Florida,the Baie of Mexico, all the In- 
land of Noua Hifpania, the coaſt of Terra firma, Brafill, the riuer of Plate, to 
the Streightof Magellan: and through it, aud from it in the South Sea to 
Chili, peru, Xaliſco, the Gulfe of California, Nowa Albion vpon the backfide 
of Canada, further then euer any Chriftian hitherto hath pierced, 


Whereunto ts added the lak moit renowmed Engliſb Nanization, 
round about the whole Globe of the Earth, y, 


By Richard Hakluye Maſter of artes, and Student fometime 
of Chrift-church in Oxford. 


. 


Imprintedat London by GEORGE Bisuor 


and RAL YH NEW RBERI E, Deputies to 
Currsroruer Barks, Printer to the 
Qucenes moft excellent Maieſtie. 


159. 


aE RO cc I 0 7 4 
—— 2 3 H se SF 8 8. E ~~ 2 
Err 


— ——— — 


TO THE RIGHT HONO. 


RABLE SIR FRANCIS WALSINGHAM 
Knight, Principall Secretarie to her Maieſtie, Chancellor 
of the Duchie of Lancaſter, and one of her Maie/ties 


moft honourable Prinie Councell, 


IGHT Honorable, I do remember 
a that beinga youth, and one of her Maieſties 
ſcholars at Weſtm infter that fruitfull nurſe- 
rie, it was my happe to viſit the chamber of 
EM. Richard Hak/uyt my coſin, a Gentleman of 

j the Middle Temple, well knowen vnto you, 
A at atime when I found lying open vpon his 
252 boord certeine bookes of Coſmographie, 
N FA with an vniuerfall Mappe: he ſceing me 
! Ee ſomewhat curious in the view therof, began 
cso inſtruct my ignorance, by ſnewing me the 
ee, i diuiſion of the earth into three parts after 
the olde account, and then according to the latter, & better diſtribution, into 
more: he pointed with his wand to all the knowen Seas, Gulfs, Bayes, Straights, 
Capes, Riuers, Empires, Kingdomes, Dukedomes, and Territories of ech part, 
with declaration allo of their ſpeciall commodities, & particular wants, which 
by the benefit of traffike, & entercourſe of merchants, are plentifully ſupplied. 
From the Mappe he brought me to the Bible, and turning tothe 107 Pfalme, 
directed mee to the 23 & 24 verſes, where I read, that they which go downe to 
the ſea in ſhips, and occupy by the great waters, they fee the works of the Lord, 
and his woonders in the deepe, &c. Which words of the Prophet together 
with my couſins diſcourſe (things of high and rare delight to my yong nature) 
tooke in me fo deepe an impreſſion, that I conftantly reſolued, if euer I were 
preferred to the Vniuerſity, where better time, and more conuenient place 
might be miniſtred for theſe ſtudies, I would by Gods aſſiſtance profecute that 
knowledge and kinde of literature, the doores whereof (after a ſort) were fo 
happily opened before me. 

According to which my reſolution, when, not long after,I was remoued to 
Chrilt church in Oxford, my exercifes of duety firſt performed, fell to my in- 
tended courſe, and by degrees read ouer whatſoeuer printed or written diſco- 
ueries and voyages I found extant either in the Greeke, Latine, Italian, Spa- 
niſh, Portugall, French, or Englifh languages, and in my publike lectures 
was the firſt, that produced and fhewed both the olde imperfectly compoſed, 
and the new lately reformed Mappes, Globes, Spheates, and other inſtruments 
ofthis Art for demonſtration in the common ſchooles, to the ſingular pleaſure, 
and generall contentment of my auditory. In continuance of time, and by rea- 
fon principally of my inſight in this ſtudy, I grew familiarly aequainted with 
the chiefeſt Captaines at a the greateſt Merchants, and the beſt Mariners of 
our nation: by which meanes hauing gotten fomewhat more then common 
knowledge, I paffed at length the narrow feas into France with fir Edward Staf- 
ford, her Maieſties carefulland difcreet Ligier, where during my fiue yeeres a- 
boad with him in his dangerous and charg eable reſidencie in her Highnes fer- 
uice, I both heard in ſpeech, and read in books other nations miraculouſſy ex- 
tolled for their difcoueries and notable enterprifes by ſea, but the Englith of all 
others for their fluggith fecurity, and continuall neglect of the like attempts e- 

: * 2 ſpecially 


4 


„ 7 8 Ve f 


( 
owe 


YS 


SUT ACA SION 


, AN BM g 
om a r R N 


ay 


Ne 
THE EPISTLE DEDIC ATORIB fy 
{pecially in fo long and happy a time of peace, either ignominiouſly reported, 
or exceedingly condemned: which fingular opportunity, if ſome other people 
our neighborshad beene bleſſed with, their proteſtations are often and vehe- 
ment, they would farreotherwife haue vſed. And that the trueth and evidence 
heerof may better appeare, theſe are the very words of Popiliniere in his booke 
called L Aumiral de France, and printed at Paris. Fol. 73. pe: 1,2. The occaſion 
of his ſpeech is the commendation of the Rhodians, who being(as we are) lſlan- 
ders, were excellent in nauigation, whereupon he woondereth much that the 
Englith ſhould not ſurpaſſe in that qualitie, in this ſort: Ce qui m a fait autreſfois 
rechercher les occafions us empeſchent, que les Anglots,qui ont d eſprit, de meyens, & va 
leur aſſex pour e vn grand honeur parmi tous les Chreſtiens, ne. fe font plus valoir 
furl clement qui leur eſt, & doit eſtre plus naturel qu d autres peuples: qui leur doiuent 
ceder en la ſtructure, accommodement G. police de nauires : comme i ay ven en pluſieurs 
endroitsparmi eux. Thus both hearing, and reading the obloquie of our nation, 
and finding few or none of our owne men able to replie heerin: and further, not 
feeing any man to haue care to recõmend to the world, the induſtrious labors, 
and painefull trauels of our countrey men: for ſtopping the mouthes ofthe re- 
rochers, my felfe being the laſt winter returned from France with the honora- 
ble the Lady Sheffield, for her paſſing good behauior highly eſteemed in all the 
French court, determined not withſtanding all difficulties, to vndertake the 
burden of that worke wherin all others pretended either ignorance, or lacke of 
leaſure, or want of fufficient argument, whereas (to{peake trucly) the huge 
toile, and the ſmall profit to inſue, were the chiefe cauſes of the refufall. Icall 
the worke a burden, in conſideration that thefe voyages lay fo diſperſed, ſcatte- 
red, and hidden in ſeuerall huckſters hands, that | now woonder at my ſelfe, to 
ſee how I was able to endure che delayes, curioſity, and backwardneſſe of many 
from whom I was to receiue my originals: fo that I haue iuſt cauſe to make that 
complaint of the maliciouſnes of diuers in our time, which Plinie made of the 
ee ti 2s. men ofhis age: At nos elaborata q alſcondere aty, fupprimere cupimus, C. ſraudure 
lee. vitam etiam alienis bonis, che, 

To 7 no longer vpon this ſtring, & to {peake a word of that iuſt commen- 
dation which our nation doe indeed deſerue: it can not be denied, but as in all 
former ages, they haue bene men full of actiuity, ſtirrers abroad, and ſearchers 
ofthe remote parts of the world, fo in this moſt famous and peerleffe gouerne- 
ment ofher moſt excellent Maieſty, her ſubie cts through the ſpeciall affiftance, 
and bleſſing of God, in fearching the moſt oppoſite corners and quarters ofthe 
world, and to fpeake plainly, in compaſſing the vaſte globe of the earth more 
then once,haue excelled all the nations and people ofthe earth. For, which of 
the kings of this land before her Maiefty, had theyr banners euer feene in the 
Cafpian fea? which of them hath euer dealt with the Emperor of Perſia, as her 
Maieſty hath done, and obteined for her merchants large & louing priuileges? 
who euer ſaw before this regiment, an Engliſh Ligier in the ſtately porch of the 
Grand Signor at Conſtantinople? who euer found Englifh Confils & Agents 
at Tripolis in Syria, at Aleppo, at Babylon, at Balfara,and whichis more, who 
euer heard of Englifhman at Goa before now? what En gliſh thippes did heere- 
tofore euer anker in the mighty riuer of Plate? paſſe and repaſſe the vnpaſſable 
(in former opinion) ftraight o Magellan, range along the coaſt of Chili, Peru, 
and all the backſide of Noua Hiſpania, further then any Chriſtian euer paſſed, 
trauers the mighty bredth of the South fea, land vpon the Luzones in deſpight 
ofthe enemy, enter into alliance: amity, and traffike with the ptinces ofthe Mo- 
luccaes, & the Ifle of Iaua,double the famous C ape of Bona Speranza, ariue at 
the Ifle of Santa Helena, & laſtof al returne home moſt richly ladẽ with the cõ- 


modities 


baer 2? 


’ 
. 
q 
1 
] 


05 fF „ ee „ ee ee eee 


fly reported, 
other people 
ten and vehe- 
and euidence 
e in his booke 
The occaſion 
we are) lſlan- 
nuchthat the 
a fait autreſfois 
moyens, & va 
font plus ualoir 
ui leur doiuent 
hen en pluſieur 
four nation, 
d further, not 
rious labors, 
thes ofthe re- 
h the honora- 
med in all the 
mdertake the 
Cy rene of 
ly) the huge 
fal : Teall 
perſed, ſcatte- 
at my ſelte, to 
neſſe of many 
>to make that 
e made of the 
us, &. fraudare 


iuſt commen- 
d, but as in all 
and ſearchers 
effe gouerne- 
iall aſſiſtance, 
uarters of the 
e earth more 
For, which of 
r ſeene in the 
Perſia, as her 

riuileges? 
P Wich of the 
s & Agents 
is more, who 
pes did heere- 
he vnpaſſable 
Chili, Peru, 
neuer paſſed, 
es in deſpight 
es of the Mo- 
anza, ariue at 
t with the cõ- 
modities 


THE EPISTLE DEDICATORIE, 


modities of China, as the ſubiects of this now floriſhing monarchy haue done? 

Lucius Florus in the very end of his hiſtorie de geitis Romanorum recordeth as 
awonderfull miracle, that the Seres, (which I take to be the people of Cathay, 
or China) {ent Ambaſſadors to Rome, to intreate frindſhip, as moued withthe 
fame of the maieſty of the Romane Empire. And haue not we as good cauſe to 
admire, that the Kings of the Moluccaes, and Iaua maior, haue deſired the fauour 
of her maieſtie, and the commerce & traflike of her people? Is it not as ftrage 
that the borne naturalles of Japan, and the Philippinaes are here to be ſeene, a- 
greeing with our climate, ſpeaking our language, and informing vs of the ſtate 
of their Eaſterne habitations? For mine owne part, I take it as a pledge of Gods 
further fauour both vnto vs and them: to them eſpecially, vnto whofe doores 
I doubt not in time ſnalbe by vs caried the incomparable treaſure of the trueth 
of Chriftianity, and of the Gofpell vvhile vve vſe and exerciſe common trade 
with their marchants. I muft confeſſe to haue read in the excellent hiſtory inti- 
tuled Origines of Joannes Goropius, a teſtimonie of kin „ the viij. a prince of 
noble memory, vvhoſe intention vvas once, if death had not preuented him, to 
haue done ſome fingular thing in this cafe: vvhoſe vvords {peaking of his dea- 
ling to that end with himſelfe, he being a ſtranger, & his hiſtory rare, I thought 


good in this place verbatim to record: Ante viginti & plus eo annos ab Henrico See 


10. 5 pag. 494. 


Kncuetto Equite Anglo nomine Regis Henrici arram accepi, qua conuencrat, Regio 
ſumptu me totam Aſiam, quoad Turcorum c. Perſarum Regum commendlationes, & 
legationes admitterentur, peragraturum. Ab his enim duobus Afis principibus facile fe 
impetraturum ſperabat, vt non folum tutò mihi per ipſorum fines liceret ire, fed ut com- 
mendatione etiam ipſorum ad confinia guoque daretur penetrare. Sumptus quidem non 
exiguus erat futurus , fed tanta erat principi cognoſcendi auiditas, vt nullis pecunijsad 
hoc iter neceſſariis fe diteret parſurum. O Dignum Regia Maieſtate animum, O me feli- 
cem, ſi Deus non ante & Kneuettum & Regem i reuerſus ab hac peregri- 
natione fuiſſem, cc. But as the 5 of Dauid the king to builde a houſe and 
temple to God was accepted, although Salomon performed it: ſo I make no 
queſtion, but that the zeale in this matter of the aforeſaid moſt renowmed 
prince may ſeeme no leſſe worthy ( in his kinde) of acceptation, although refer- 
ued for the perſon of our Salomon her gratious Maieſty, whome I feare not to 
pronounce to haue receiued the fame Heroicall ſpirit, and moſt honorable dif- 
poſition, as an inheritance from her famous father. 

Now wheras Ihaue alwayes noted your wiſdome to haue had a ſpeciall care 
ofthe honor of her Maieſty, the 88 reputation of our country, & the aduan- 


cing of nauigation, the very walles ofthis our Ifland,as the oracle is reported to pturarch in 
haue ſpoken of the fea forces of Athens: and whereas I acknowledge in all duti- thelife of 


full fort how honorably both by your letter andi 
this and other my trauels, I fee my ſelfe bound to make prefentment ofthis 
worke to your felfe, as the fruits of your owneincouragements, & the manife- 
{tation both of my vnfained ſeruice to my prince and country, and of my parti- 
cular duty to yourhonour: which Ihaue done with the leſſe ſuſpition either of 
not fatisfying the world, or ofnotanfwering your owne expectation, in thatac- 
cording to your order, it hath paſſed the 1 8 partly alſo the cenſure of the 
learned phifitian M. Doctor lames, a man many wayes very notably qualified. 
And thus befeeching God, the giuer of all true honor & wiſdome to increaſe 
both theſe bleſſings in you, with continuance of health, ſtrength, happineſſe, 


and whatſoeuer good thing els your ſelfe can wiſh, Lhumbly take my leaue. 
London the 17 of Nouember. 
Your honors most humble almayes to be 
commanded RI ARD Hak vyr. 


~ 3 


— 


peech Ihaue bene animated in Themto- 
de 


— — ĩꝛ Li —4.:tęñ es —— 
Richard Hakluyt to the fauourable Reader. 


N Huue thought it very requifite for thy further inftructi. 
a) 22 7 J. and direction in this hiftorte (Good Reader) to acquaint thee brieflie 
by with the Methode and order which I haue vfzd in the whole courfe there- 
Dy & of : and by the way alfo to les thee understand by whofe friendly arde in this 
4 my tranell I haus bene furthered:acknowledging that ancient [peach tobe 
Spyro leffe true then ingentons,that the offence is great, Non agnoſcere per 
F DV dy Glos profeccris, not to (peake ef therm by whom a man in his mdenours is 
Concerning my proceeding therefore in this prefemt worke, tt hath bene this. Whatfoener teſtimonie 
Thane found in any aur our of anthoritic appertaining to my argument, either ſtranger or natural, I 
baus recorded the [ame werd fur word with his particular name and page of booke n here it is extant. 
If the fame were not reduced into our common language, I haue firkt enpreſſed it in the fame termes Ae 
wherein it is originally written, whether it rere a Latine, Italian, Spanifh or Portingall difcourfe, or 170 
we ge eln and thereunto in the next roome haue anne.ced the fignification and tranflation of the : 


n 
e 


Vee Ee 


Po ee 


hy 


wordes in Englifh, And to the ende that thofe men which were the payne full and perfonalltranellers . . 
might reape that good opinson and inst commendation which they haue deferned, and further, that tee 
eneryman might anfwere for himſelſe, instifie his reports,and ſt and accountable fir his owne doings, 4 
Thane referred euery voyage to his Author, which both in perſon hath performed, and in writing hath 25 


left the fame + for I am not ignorant of Ptolomies aſſertion, that Peregrinationis hiſtoria, and not 
thofewearse volumes bearing the titles of uniner {all Cofmographie which fome mé that I could name 33 
hane publifhed as their owne,beyng in deed moft untruly and unprofitablie ramaffed ana hurled tage- 
ther, is that which must bring vs to the certayne and full diſcouerie of the world, 
Nloreouer, I meddle in this worke with the Nanigations onely of our owne nation: And albeit 1 
q alleage in afew places (as the matter and occafion required) fome ftrangers as wirneſſer of the things 
done, yet are they none but {ich as either faythfully remember, or fufficiently confirme the tranels of 
our owne people? „f whom (to ſpeabę trneth) I haus receined more light in ſume i ther all our 
owne Historians could afford me in this caſe, Bale, Foxe, and Eden onely excepted. 

eAnd it isa thing withall principally to be confideredthat Iſtaud not upon any atlion perfourmed 
neere home, nor in aizy part of Europe commonly frequented by our fhipping, as for example: Not vps 
on that vittorions exploit not long fince atchieued in our narom Seas agaynst that monitrous Spanifa 
army under the valiant and pronident condutl of the right honourable the lord Charles Howard high 
Admirallof England: Not upon the good fernices of our twowoorthie Generals in their late Portu- 
gallexpedition : Not vpon the two most fortunate attempts of our famous Chieftaine Sir Frauncie 
Drake, the one in the Baie of Cales upon a great part of the entmies chiefeft forppes, the other neere 


= 


THOS 


at 


the Iflands vpon the great Carrack of the East India, the firkt (though peraduenture not the last) of 1 
that imployment, that ener difcharged Molucca ſpices in Englifh portes: thefe (albeit ſingular and ae 
happy voyages of our renorwmcd countrymen) I omit, at things dift inct and without the compaſſe of my 9 
prefcribed limites,beyng neither of remote length and ſpaciouſneſſe, neither of fearch and diſcouerie 7 2 
of ftrange coasts,the 425 ſabielt of this my labour. ie 


Thus much in brenitie {hall ſerue thee for the generallorder. Particularlie I haue difpofed and di- 
gefted the whole worke into 3.partes, or as st were Claſſes, not without my reaſons. Inthe first I haue 
martialled all our voyages of any moment that haue bene performed to the South and Southeas? parts 
of the world,by which I chiefly meane that part of Aſia which is neereſt, and of the reſt hit hermoft to- 
wards vr: For I find that the oldest trauels as well of the ancient Britam at of the Englifo,were ordi- 
narie to Iudea which is in Afia,termed by them the Holy land,principally for deuotions fake according 
to the time, although [read in Ioſeph Bengorion a very authenticull Hebrew author, a teſtimonie 
of the paffing of ac ooo. Britain valiant fouldiours,to the fiege and fearefull ſacking of Ieruſalem una 
der the condutt of Vefpafian and I itus the Romane Emperour, a thing in deed of all the reli mof an- 
cient, But of latter aayes I fee ow men bane pierce further into the East, haus paſſed downe the 
mightie riuer Euphrates, haue {ayled from Balfara through the Perfian gulfe to the Citie of Ormux, 
aud from thence to Chaul and Goain the Eafl India, which paſſag es written by the parties themſelues 
are herein to be read. Jo theſe I haue addedthe Vauigations o of the Englifh made for the parts of A. 
ffica, and erther within or without the freights of Gibraltar : within, to Conftantinople in Romania, 
to Alexandria, and Cayro in Egpt, to Tue x, to Goletta, to Malia, to Algier, andto Tripolis in Bar- 
bary : mubuut, to Santa Crus io Afafi,to the citie of Alarocco to the Riner of Senega, to the Ifles of 

Cape 


— 
F. 


inſtructi- 
it thee brieflie 
le courſe there- 
idly aide in this 
ent each tobe 
agnoſcere per 
his indenours is 


euer teſtimonie 
y or naturall, I 
ere it is extant. 
he fame termes 
gall diſc our fe „ 0 
unſlation of the 
fonall trauellers 
ind further, that 
his owne doings, 
1 inwriting hath 
uſtoria, and not 
vat could name 
ana hurled toge- 


n: And albeit I 
effes of the things 
f 1 tranels of 
etts, then all our 


flion performed 
ample: Not ups 
onstrous Spanifa 
les Howard high 
their late Portu- 
aine Sir Frauncis 
s, the other neere 
e not the last) of 
beit fingular and 
the compaſſe of my 


rch and diſcouerie 


e diſpoſed and di- 
In the first haue 
ud Southeast parts 
reſt hithermoft to- 
Englifh were ori- 
ions fake according 
author, a te/timonte 
ug of Ieruſalem vn- 
40 7 yelt moſt an- 
e paſſed downe the 
he Citie of Ormux, 
be parties themfelnes 
for the parts of A- 
ptinople in Romania, 
ato Tripolis in Bar- 
enega, to the Ifles of 
Cape 


— 


To the Reader. 


—— —ů—3ßK—.8ö— . ˙ ⁶—xXß«3—ʒ⸗u ſĩᷓ—ñ— 
Cape Verde, io Guinea, to Benyn, and round about the dreadfull Cape ef Bona Speranza, as farre 
0 

as ** north, and Northeafterne voyages of our nation I haue produced in the (econd place, becanfe 
our acceſſe to thofe quarters of the world is later and not fo auncient as the former: andyet fome of our 
trauailes that way 15 of more anti quitie by many hundred yeeres, then thoſe that haue bene made to 
she weſtorne coajtes of America. Vuder this title thou shale foil. fande the old northerne Nantgations 
of our Brittifo Kings, as of Arthur, of Malgo, of Edgar Pacificus the Saxon Monarch, with that 
alfa ef Nicholaus de Linna ander the north pole: mext to them in confequence, the difconeries of the 
bay of Saint Nicholas pf Colgoiene pf Pechora,of the Iles of Vaigatspf Nowa Z: emöla ind of the Sea 
eaftwards towardes the riner of Ob: after this,the opening by fea of the great Dukedome and Empire 
of Ruffia with the notable and ſtrange iourney of Maſter lenkinſon to N in Batlria, Where- 
snto thon maiſt adde fixe of our voyages elenen hundred verftes vp againfs the ſtreame of Dwinato 
the tuone of Vologhda: thence one hundred, and fourefcore verftesb land to Yeraflane ſtanding upon 
the mighty riner of Volga: there hence abone two thoufand and fine hundred ver/tsdowne the ftreame 
tothe ancient marte Towne of Aftracan, and {oto the manifolde mouthes of Volga, and from thence 
alfoby ſup oner the Cafpian fea inte Media, and further then that alfowith Camels vnto Georgia, 
Armenia, Hyrcama,Gillan,and ths cheefeft Cities of the Empire of Perſſa. where the Companie 
of Mofconie Marchants to the perpetnall honor of their Citie, and ſocuetie, haue performed more then 
any one ea then all the nations of Europe befides: which thing is alſo acknowledged by the moſt leara 
ned Cufmographers, and Hiftoriographers of Chriſtendome, with whofe honorable teftimonies of the 
aétion not many for number, but frfficient for authoritie i haue concluded thes ſecond part. 

Touching the weſterne Nanigations, and tranailes of ours, they fucceede naturallie in the third and 
laff roome, forafiauch as in order and comfe thefe coaftes, and quarters came laff of all to ou kom- 
ledge and experience, Herein thou {halt reade the attempr by Sea of the fonne of one ae Princes 
of Northwales,in fayling and fearching towards the weft more then 400.yeeres fince:the offer made 

Chriftopher Columbus that renowned n er moſt ſage Prince of noble memorie King 
Henrie the y. with hit prompt and chere full aerepratihu thereof, and the occafion wherenpon it be- 
came ffuitleſſe, and at that time ef uo great effect to this kingdome: then followe the letters Patentes 
ofthe fereſaid noble Prince ginen to [ohn Cabot a Venetian and his 3.fonner,to di{couer & conquer in 

is name and under his Banners unknowen Regions:who with that royall incouragement & contribu- 


tion of the king himſelfe, and fome affiftance in charges of Englifo Marchants departed with f. ſailes Rober Fabian 


from the Port of Briftoll accompained wsth 300, Englifomen, and firft of any Chriftians found ont 
that mightie and large tract of lande and Sea, from the circle Artticke as farre as Florida, as ap- 
peareth inthe diſcourſe thereof. The trinmphant raigne of King Henry the 8. yelded [ome profecuti~ 
on of this diſcouerie: for the 3. voyages performed, and the 4. intended for all Afiaby bis Maieftus 
ſelfe, doapproone and confirme the ſame. Them im proceſſe of yeeres arifeth the firft Englifo trade to 
Braſill, the firft paffing of fome of our nation in the ordsnarte Spanifh fleetes to the weft Indies, and 
the huge Citie of Mexico in Noua Hiſpania. Then immediatlye enfue 3.voyages made by M, Iobn 
Hawkins now Knight, then Eſquire, to Hiſpaniola, and the gulfe of Mexico: z pen which depende 
fixe verie excellent difcourfes of our men, whereof fome for / por i 6.whole yeeres inhabited in New 
Spaine, and ranged the whole ¶ oumrie, wherein are dtfclofed the cheefeft fecretes of the wef? India, 
which may in time turne to our no final aduantage. The next leaues thouturneft, doyeelde thee the 
fit valiant enterprife of Sir Francis Drake vpon Nombre de Dios, the mules laden with trea- 
fire which he furprifed, andthe houſe called the Cruz es, which his fire confumed: and therewith is 
ioyned an action more venterous then happie of ohn Oxnam of Plimmonth written, and confeſſed by 
a Spanyard, which with his companie paſſed ouer the ſtrei ght Iſtme of Darien, and building certaine 
pinneſſes on the weft fhoare,was the firft Englifoman that entered the South fea.Topaffe oner Mafter 
Frobifber and his attions, which I haue alfo newly though briefely printed, and as it were reuiued, 
whatfoeuer Maſter Iohn Danis hath performed in continuing that difconery,which Mafter Frobifuer 
began for the nothweft paſſage, Ihaue fasthfully at large communicated it with thee,that ſo the great 
good hope, & ſingular probabilitses & almoff certaintie therof, which by his induftry haue riſen, may be 
Nomen generally of all mei hat fome may yet ſtil proſecute fo noble an aftion, Ser Humfrey Gilbert, 
that couagious Kuight,and very expert in the mnfteries of Nanigation among ſt the reſt is not forgot- 
ten: his learned reaſous & arguments for the proofe of the pala e before named together withhis laft 
more commendable re [olution then fortunate ficceffe,are here he to be read. The continuance of the 
bifforie, produceth the beginnings, and proceedings of the two Engliſp Colonies planted in Virginia 
at the charges of fir Walter Raleigh, whoſe entrance upon thofe newe inhabitations had bene hap- 
fie, fit had ben as fermion|ly followed, as it was cheerefully undertaken, I could not omit in this parte 
1 # a 


41 awa 


OLS A, ee ee 


. 
\ a 
e\ N Oo v 


33 ůů— ů —— 
To the Reader. 


the two voyages made not long fince to the Somthweft, whereof I thinke the Spanyard bath had fome 


ledge, and felt fome bloves:the one of Maſter Edward Fenton, and his confort Mafler Luke 19 
Se ee i Majer Robert Withrington, and his hardie conſort Maſter Chriſtophet * 
Lifter as farre as.44. degrees of, ‘fontherly latitude, fet aut at the diret lian and charge of the right ho- * 


worablethe Earle of (wmberland both which in diners reſſeclet maxyeide both profite and pleafwre to 

the reader, being carefully per ed. a . as 
For the conclujion of all,the memorable voyage of Maſter Thomas Candiſh into the South fea, 1 

and from thence about the globe of the earth doth fatisfie mee, and I doubt not bur will fully content 5 

thee:which as in time it is later then that of Sir Frauncis Drake ſe in relation of the Philippinaes,la- 

pan, China, and the Ifle of S.Helenait is more particular, and exatt:and therfore the want of the firft 

made by Sir Frauncis Drake willbe the leffe: wherein I muft confeffe to haus taken more then ordi- 

ndrie painesmeaning to hane inſertedit in this worke : but being of late (contrary to my capectati- 

on) ferioufly dele withall, not to anticipate or preuent another mans paines and charge in rr. : 

Allie fernices of that worthie Kuight into one volume, I haus yeelded unto thofe my freindes whic t 

refed me inthe matter, referring the further knowledge of bis proceedimges, to thofe intended 

diſcour ſes. 

N Nes forthe other part of my promiſe, I muff crane thy further patience ſrendiy reader, and fome 
longer fufpence from the worke it ſelſe, in acquainting thee with thofevertuous gentlemen, andothers 
which partly for their priuate affeclion to my felfe sbut chiefely for their denotion to the furtherance of 
this my tranaile, haue yelded me their ſeuerall good afiftances: for Laccompthimvunworthy of future 

fanowrs, that is not thankefull for former benefites. Inrejpett of a generall imcouragement inthis la- 
borsaus tranaile, it wers groſſe ingratitude in mee to forget, andwslfullmalicion{nes not to confeſſe 
that man, whofe onely name doth carrie with it ſaſſicient eſtimation and lone, and that is Maſter Ed- 
ward Dier, f whom I will ſpeabę thus much in fem wordes, that both my ſelfe and my intentions herein 
by his frendly meanes bane bene made knowne to thoſe, who in fundrie particulars haus much ſteeded 
me. More fpecsally in my firft part, Mafter Richard Staper Marchant of London, hath furniſbed me 
with diners thinges touching the trade of Turkie,and other places in the East. Master William Bur- 
rowgh, Clarke of her Mateities nauie, and Mafter Anthonie lenbinſon, both gentlemen of great 
experience and obfernationsin the north Regions, haue much pleaſured me in the fecondpart, In the 
third and laft befides myne owne extreeme tranatle in the histories of the Spanyards ny checfaſt light 
hath bene receined from Sir Iohn Hawkins, Sin Walter Raleigh, aud my kinfeman after Ri- 
chard Hakluyt of the middle Temple, 

And whereas in the conrfe of this hiftory often mention is made of many beastes, birds, filles, ſer- 
pents, plants, fruits,bearbes, rootes, apparel, armour, boates, and ſuch other rare and ſtrange curioſi 1902 

tres which wife men take great pleaſure to reade of, but much more contentment to ſes: herein my 15 N 
felfe to my finguler delight haus bene as it were rauiſbed in beholding all the premiffes gathered toge- a 
ther with no all cost, and preferued withno litle diligence, in the excellent (abinets of my very wor- x ia 
Soipfull and learned friends M. Richard Garthe, one of the Clearkes of the pettie Bags,and M. Wil- ah 

liam Cope Gentleman Uffier to the right Honourable and moit prudent Counfeller (the Seneca of 

our commun wealth,) the Lord Burleigh high Treafourer of England, 

Nowe, becanfe peraduenture it would bee expetted as neceffarie, that the de{criptions of ſo many 

parts of the world would frre more eafily be conceined of the Readers, by adding Geographical, and 

Hydrographicall tables thereunto, thou art by the way to be admonifted that [bane contented my felfe 

with inferting into the worke one of the M generall mappes of the wor donely, vntill the comming out { 

of avery large and most exact terreſtrial Globe,colletted andreformed according to the ss ſe- 
Theeneeliene “retest and lateft difconeries,both Spaniſh Portigall and Englifo,compofed by M Emmerie Mol- 
neweGlobeof lineux of Lambeth, 4 rare Gentleman in his profeffion, being therein for di 
M,Mullineux, R a ig toerein for diuert yeeres, greatly ſap- 

ported by the purfe and liberalitse of the worfbipfull marchant NA. William Sandef ſon. 

_ This bemg the fumme of thofe things which I thought good toadmonifo thee of ( good Reader) 
it remaineth that thou take the profite e of the worke : which Iwith to bee 
as great to thee, asmypaines and labour haus bene in bringing theſe 
rave fruits unto this ripeneſſe and in reducing thefe loofe 
papers into thus order. Farewell, 


e 


‘ 8 „ü . NE Dae WD NY AR d, , 8 


— — 


hath had fame 
Mafter Luke 
Chriſtophet 
f the rigbt ho- 
and pleafure to 


the South fea, 
fully content 
helippinaes,la- 
ant of the firſt 
tore then ordt~ 
o my expectati- 
ge in ew. 
freindes whic 

thofe intended 


ader, and fome 
nen, andothers 
furtherance of 
rorthy of future 
ment in this la- 
not to confeſſe 
1s Maſter Ed- 
tentions herein 
se much ſtecded 
th furniſbed me 
r William Bur- 
lemen of great 
md part. In the 
cheefeft light 
Matter Ri- 


irds, filles, ſer- 
range curioſi- 
ee: herein I my 
gathered toge- 
of my very wor- 
s,and M. Wil- 
the Seneca of 


tions of ſo many 
peraphicall, and 
ntented my ſelfe 
comming out 
p the neweft, ſe- 
mmerie Mol- 


et, greatly ſup- 


al Reader) 


o bee 


3 


333 
T 
r 


‘gy ATIOSHMYAZ BETTANHN NO'NHMA 


pA Aννν,u-, A De. 
O NN H lie enmtguun 
tis diva beady οννπτi)Seiαν,ẽçiuανe. 

O's} Hamas i νẽhhei gu, 
xe paurdZra’ ανẽłj:= ge deb. 
EgNνι BfHMαꝰ N εnhdã, 

iS uy U ν εν pina woruanrsber, 
Vd esianicine V t- dime , 

Ky Mgov ue, N nurr dou towrTer . 
Tire. die ee xrured, naurec A H 

ve αον,ejECt, ud dei iH. 


DI MARC’ ANTONIO 


PIGAFETA GENTIL- 
HVOMO VICENTINO. 


Onota miſtarei, con poco honore 
Sepolta nell’ oſcure, antichhe carte, 
S'alenn de fili miei con ſteſa et arte 
Non haucffe bor ſcoperto il mio ſplendore. 
Ramufio pria pieno d ardente amore 
Mantfefto le mie piu riche parte, 
Che fon la done il Maragnon diparte, 
E done il Negro allaga, e'lGange ſcorre. 
Hakluyto poi fenzaverun rifgnardo 
Di fatica o di danno accolt hainfieme, 
Ci c ha potuto hamer da Typhi Ingleſi. 
Onde vedraffie done bella ſguardo, 
Vla Duuma a0 gluaccia, e Obi feine, 
Et altri membri miei non ben paleſi. 


N In eximium opus R. Hakluyti de An- 
glorum ad diſiunctiſſimas regi- 


ones nauigationibus Guilielmi 
Camdeni Hexaſtichon. 


An quz penitus toto difcluditur orbe, 
Angulus orbis erat,paruus & orbis erat. 

Nunc ctim ſepoſitos alios detexerit orbes, 

Maximus orbis honos, Orbis & orbis erit. 


At quid Haklute tibi monſtranti hac debeat orbis? 


Laus tua, crede mihi, non erit orbe minor, 


ia 


V In pulcherrimam & pra- 


ſtantiſsimam nauigationum An- 


glorum eiu ahn P. Richardi Haklsyti ſummo ſtu- 
dio & fide elaboratam, Philippi loneſij 
Evigramms, I 


Hiri. veterum celebres ætate ruentes, 
Suppoſitis fulcit viribus Aſinius: 


Nempè vt ſalua forent tot priſca volumina,Roma 


Inſtruitur ſumptu Bibliotheca ſuo. 
Aſinium Conſul ſequitur poſt Appius, annis 
Impar, par ſtudijs ingeniòq; fuit: 
Martia Romulidiun Bellonæ ancilia dicat: 
Sic vixiſſe putes quos perijſſe prius. 
Approbathune ilumq; pij cenſura Senatus: 
Laus ſua fors illi eſt, Appie palma tibi. 
Scilicet ingenia amplecti non vltima virtus: 


At magnum eft vrbem quicquid honeſtat opus. | 


Eccéalio tandem fimilis contingere vifa cft 
Nomine materies, iudiciùmqʒ ſubit. 

Quæ feciſſe olim conſtat. bend fecit Edenus: 
Vtilis illa Decas proſtat vbiq; ſua: 


' 


Splendida magnanimiim profertincepta virorum 


Occiduis nacti quifibinomen aquis. 
Mlaq; dum profert peccat: namq; extera profert: 
Externumq; decus prædicat illa Decas. 
Hinc Haklute tuus ſurgit doctiſſime maior 
Splendor, quo patrij eſt maior honoris amog. 
Centurias nobis Neptunia facta: Britanni 
Ila quidem noſtri ſolàq; facta ſoli. 
Quæq́; ditt ſqualidis latuere oceluſa tenebris 
Lumine feelicftota recluſa patent. 
Quæq; diu folijs manſere inſeripta ſolutis, 
In proprias claſſes tora coacta placent. 
Tora coacta placent, quid torue ſuperbis Ibere, 
Improba vicinis gens maccrata bonis? 
Intrepidæ Anglorum claſſis quæ nauita, Duxqʒ 
Præſtitit, hie oculis ſunt manifeſta tuis. 


Qua quo que facturos iterumq; iterùmqͥ lubentes, 


In tomptu præſens vaticinatur opus. 
Commoda prætereo: ſenſatus fingula lector 

Sentiet: atque vltrà quicquid ineſt placidi. 
Denique de lectis ſit iudex æquus: Edenus 

Præ mia, fed primas Hakluyt iſte feret. 


Euſcdlem diſtichon. 


f [ue mods Hiſpanus tumidus qui tempſerit Anglas, 
Anglorum attonitus nunc videtiftud opus. 


OEY ART Con, ie. SA, Ca 
ee Se „ e e ee en 
“ = — 


The order of all the voyages com riſed in this whole worke in 


generall, together with the names of the perfons,the Authours of them, 
and the annotations of the courſe of yeeres and quarters of the 
worlde,wherein they were perfourmed. 


The voyages of the firſt part made to the South and 
Southeaft regions, 


lle voyage of Helena, the Empreffe, daughter of Coelus King of Britaine, and 
f 38 mother of Conſtantine the great, to Ierufalem. Anno 3 37. Pagina 1.2 
mme voyage of Conſtantine the great, Emperour and King of Britaine, into 
Greece, Beypt,Perfia,and Aſia. An.3 39. 8 2.3 
3 The voyage of Pelagius Cambrius vnder Maximus King of the Britaines into Egypt, 
and Syria. An. 390. 3-4 
4 The voyage ot John Erigen vnder Alphred to Athens. An. 858. 4 
3 The voyage of Andrew Whiteman, alias Leucander, vnder Canutus the Dane to Pale- 
ſtina. An. 1020. 5 
6. The voyage of Athelarde of Bathe vnder H. the firft to Egypt, & Arabia. An. 1130. 5 
7 The voyage of William Archbifhoppe of Tyre, vnder Henrie the firſt to Hieruſalem, and 
the cittie of Tyre in Phœnice. An. 113 2. 5.6 
& Thevoyage of Robert Ketenenſis ynder King Steuen, to Dalmatia, Greece, and Afi 8 
Au. v v43. 
9 The 1 95 of Nichard the firſt King of England into Afia for the recouerie of Ierufalem 
out of the hands of the Sarracens. Anno. 1 190. 6 
10 The voyage of Baldwine Archbifhop of Canterburie, into Syria and Paleftina with king 
Richard. An. 1190. 14 
11 The voyage of Richard ſurnamed Canonieus vnder king Richard into Syria and Paleſtina. 
An. 1190. 15 
12 The voyage of Guilselmus ſurnamed Peregrinns, vnder king Richard alſo into Paleſtina. 
An. 1190. 1 
1 Pela: voyage of Hubert Walter, bifhop of Sarum, vnder king Richard alfo into Syria 
n. 1190. 16 
14 The voyage of Robert Curfon a noble man of England, and cardinall, vnder Henry the 
third to Damiata in Aegypt. An. 1218. 17 
15 The voyage of Rainulfe Glanuill a valiant noble man, and Earle of Cheſter, vnder Henrie 
the third to Damiata in Aegypt alſo. An. 1218. 17 
16 The voyage of William Longefpce,in Engliſh Longſword, a noble man of England into 
Aegypt and Afia, with Lewes the French king. An. 1248. 17.18 
12 The voyage of prince Edward, the fonne of king Henrie the third into Aſia. An. 1270. 20 
is The voyage of Robert Turneham, vnder; fayd Prince Edward into Syria.An.1270. 23 
19 The voyage of John Mandeuil knight in Latin, begun in the raigne of Edwarde the 2. 
Anno. 13 22. continued for the ſpace of 33. yearend ended in the raigne of Edward the 
3. from England to Iudea, and from thence to India, China, Tartaria, and as farre as 33. de- 
grees to the fouth ofthe AEquinoctiall. 25 
20 The voyage of Macham,the firſt difcouerer of the Iſland of Madera, vnder Edward the 
third, An. 1 344. 80 


21 The voyage of Thomas Windam vnder Edward the 6. to Guinea, and che kingdome 
of Benin. An. 1553. 83 

22 The voyage of Robert Gaynſh vnder Queene Mary to Guinea. An. 1554. 89 

23 The voyage of William Towerfon marchant of London, vnder Queene Mary to Gui- 
nea. An. 1555. 8 


2 . 9 
24 The voyage of William Towerfon aforefaid,the ſecond time to Guinea,and the Caſtle 
of Mina. An. 1 556. 112 


25 The voyage of William Towerfon aforefayd, the thirdtime to the coafte of Guinea, 
and the riuer of Seſtos. An. 1555. 120 
26 The firft voyage of Robert Baker to Guinea. An. 1 562. 130 


27 The voyage of the ſayd Robert Baker to Guinea the fecond time. Au. 1563. 0 1 
2 e 


Ar. ww, SBN % ee’ PDO WD N d, 


vorke in 
f them, 
the 


’ Britaine, and 
Pagina 1.2 
Britaine, into 
2.3 

es into Egypt, 
34 


4 
Dane to Pale- 
5 

n. 1130. 5 
lieruſalem, and 
5:6 

ece,and Aſia. 


ie of Ieruſalem 


6 

ſtina with king 
14 

and Paleſtina. 


15 

into Paleſtina. 
15 

alſo into Syria 
16 


nder Henry the 
17 
r, vider Henrie 
17 
of England into 
17. 18 
ia. An. 1 270. 20 
a. An. 1 270. 23 
Ed warde the 2. 
of Edward the 
s farre as 33. de- 


25 

der Edward the 

80 

d the kingdome 

83 

89 

net MarytoGui- 

98 

a,and the Caftle 

112 

pafte of Guinea, 

120 

130 
563. 13 

. 28 The 


28 The voyage of George Fenner,to Guinie, & to the Iflands of Cape Verde. An. 1566. 142 
29 The voyage of Thomas Steeuens, round about the Cape of Bona Speranza, to Goa in the 

Eaſt India. An. 1579. 160 
30 The voyage of Laurence Alderſey, to the cities of leruſalem & Tripolis. An. 1581. 177 
31 The voyage of William Huddie, to Rio Grande in Guinie, ſet out by Edward Cotton of 


Southhamton. An. 158 3. 187 
32 The voyage of Zacheus Hellier, in the Ieſus of London to Tripolis in Barbarie. An. 1584. 
a 192 


33 The voyage of lohn Newberie, and Ralfe Fitche, to Tripolis in Syria, Aleppo, Babylon, 
Balſara, Orinuz, Goa. An. 1583. 208 


34 The voyage of lohn Euefham into Egypt. An. 1586. 222 
35 The voyage of Laurence Alderſey, to the cities of Alexandria, and Cairo in Egypt. An. 
1586. ö 224 
36 The voyage of Edward ilkinſon, with the Marchant Royall to Tripolis in Syria. Anno 
1586. ‘ 22 
37 The voyage of lohn Eldred,to Tripolis in Syria by fea, and from thence by lande and ri- 
uer to Babylon, and Balſara. An. 158 ;. 231 
38 The late voyage of Anthonie Ingram and his companie, to the kingdome and cittie of 
Benyn in Africa. An. 1588. 818. 


The Ambajfages, Letters, Priuilgges, and other neceſſaris matters of cir- 
cumſtance appertaining tothe v. yages of the firſt part. 


N annotation concerning the voyage of Baldwine Archbiſhop of Canterburie, taken out of Gi- 


g ety raldus Cambrenfisin his Itinerarium Cambrie. Pag. a4 

2 BY pm 4. The life of Sir lohn Mandeuil knight, written by M. Bale. ‘33 
rue tombe and Epitaph of Sir Iohn Mandeuill in the citie of Liege noted by Ortelius in his Iri- 
nerarium Belgij, 24 

4 The dedication of his voyage to king Edward the 3. 25 
5 An admonition of Richard Hakluyt touching the new impreffion and purgation of Mandeuil. 77 
6 Tertaine pluces alleaged out of the naturall Bittorie of Plinie agreeing with Mandeuil in his reports of the 


diuers ſhapes of men. 77 

7 A note concerning the aide and affiftar :e of Englith merchants giuen to king lohn the firſt of Portugall for 
the winning of Ceut in Barbarie. 79 

8 The ambaſſage of lohn the 2. of Portugall fent to Edward the 4. king of England, to ſtay lohn Tintam and 
1 


William Fabian Engliſhmen, preparing for a voyage to Guinie. 8 
9 The maner of entring of Soliman the great Turke, with his armie into Aleppo in Syria, marching into Per- 
fia againſt che great Sophie. 81 
10 The preſents giuen to the great Turłe at that time by his Baſhaes, and the Venetian Conſul in Tripolis. 82 
11 The ſafe conduct giuen by the great Turke to Anthonie lenkinſon at Aleppo in Syria, 82 
12 A briefe deſeription of Africa. 84 
13 e and wares that are moſt defired in Guinie betwixt Sierra Leona, and the furcheſt place of 
the Mine. 130 
14 The woorthie enterprife of lohn Foxe, in deliuering 266. Chriſtians out of the captiuitie of the Turkes at 
Alexandria. 150 
15. The Ambaſſage of Edmund Hogan merchant of London and ſworne Eſquier of her Maieſties perſon, from 
her Ne to Mully Abdelmelek Emperout of Marocco, and king of Fez and Sus. ; 156 
16 The letters of the great Turke fent to the Queenes moft excellent Maieſtie from Conſtantinople. 163 
17 The letters of the Queenes Maieſtie to the great Turke in anſwere of hus letters. 164 


18 The large priuileges of the great Turke granted tothe Englith merchants trading in his dominions. 166.158 
19 The fecond letters of her Maieſtie to the great Turke, promiſing a redreſſe of the diſorders of Peter Baker of 
Ratcliffe committed in the Leuant. 178 
20 The letters patents granted by har Maieftieto Sir Edward Osborne, M. Richard Staper, and certaine other 
merchants of London for their trade into the dominions of the great Turke. 172, 
2t Her Maieſties commiſſion vnder her great ſeale to M. William Harebrowne,authorizing him her Ambafla- 
dour in Turkie. 176 
22 The third letters of her Maieſtie to the great Turłe, in commendation of M.Harebrowne. 183 
23 The paſſeport made by the great maſter of Malta to certayne Englifhmen of the barke Reinolds. 185 
24 A paſſeport in Italian giuen by tlie king of Ss — to Thomas Shingleton. 189 


25 A letter written in Spanith by Sir Edwa.d Osborne tothe king of Algier, in the behalſe of certayne Englith 
captiues there detained. 189 


26 Notes concerning the trade of Algier. 190 
27 Notes concerning the trade of Alexandria. 191 
28 The g. letter of her Maicftic tothe great Turke for the reftitution of an Englith thip called the leſus, and the 
Fagliſn captiues detayned in Tripolis in Barbarie. 199 
29 The commandement of che great Turke obtained by M. Harbrowne for the quiet paſſing of Engliſm mer. 
chance 


j 

43 
q 
} 
; 


a ͤ ͤM—— ĩ—k 


— ͤ— ——— ſ— ͥ ͤ ¼— — — 


his dominions. ; ges ie 8 
10 thes 1 ia 1 bpd bb in Barbarie, commaunding the reſtitution of the Englith 
goods 20 


2 18 h 0 
e ee een e he forefaid king of Tripolis, to the fame purpofe. 202 


1 A letter of Maſter Harebrowne, written to ¢ 0 

15 A — of the yeerely totall ſumme allowed by the great Turke,out of his tre aſurie, to the officers of his Se~ 
raglio or Court. : 

33 Ihe Great Turke his chiefe officers. 


The Great Turkes yeerely reuenue. : 
3 The allowances of dhe Great Turke to Chriftian Ambaſſadors, teſident at Conſtantinople. 


36 Alerter of the Quecnes Maieſtie, written to Yeladin el Kubar, king of Cambaia. 

37 & letter written by her Maieſtie, to the a of China. . 

38 A letter of lohn Nevberie,written from Aleppo in Syria, to Richard Hakluytof Oxford. 

39 A letter of lohn Newberie,written to Leonard Poore of London, from Aleppo. 

40 A letter written by Iohn Newberie to Leonard Pore, from Babylon. 

41 His leiter written from Ormuz,to lohn Eldred, and William Shals at Balſara. i. ; 210 

42 His third letter written to Leonard Poore, from Goa, conteining a large deſcription of his voyage, trouble 
and cauſe thereof. 210 

43 A letter written by Ralfe Fitche to Leonard Poore, from Goa. . 212 

44 The money, weights, meaſures, and cuſtomes, vſed in Babylon, Balſara, Ormux, Goa, Cochin, and Mala- 
cha. 0 

45 The charge of a iourney by land and riuer,from Aleppo in Syria to Goa in the Eaſt India. N 

46 A declaration of all the places fiom whence each particular commoditie of the Eaſt India commeth. 218 

47 The times or ſcaſonable windes,called monſons, wherein the ſluppes depart from place to place in the Eaſt 
Indias. 21 

48 The defcription of the Ifland of Sancta Helena, frequented by the Portingals, in their returne from the Eat 
India. . 222 

49 The valiant fight performed in the voyage from Turkte,by 5. fhips of London, againſt 11. pallies, and two fri- 
gats of the king of Spaines at Pantalareain the Leuant. 227 

go The letters patents granted by her Maieſtie to certaine noble men, and marchants of London, for a trade to 
Barbarie. 

st The ambaſſage of Henrie Roberts,fworne Eſquire of her Maieſties perfon, from her Higlines to Mully He 
met,Empcrour of Marocco, king of Fes and Sus, 237 

57 The edict ofthe Emperour of Marocco, in fauour of all Englifh men trading in his dominions. 231 

33 A letter of the laid Emperour written tothe Earle of Leceſter. 238 

$4 Aletter of the Quecnes Maieſtie; written to the ſaid Emperour of Marocco. 239 

55 The letters patents granted by her Maieſtie, to certaine marchants of Exceter, and others of the Weſt parts, 
and of London, for a trade to che riuers of Senega, and Gambia in Guinie. 241 


The voyages of the fecond part made to the North and 


Northeaſt quarters. 8 


11 T. etre ee Britaine to Ifland, and the moſt northeaſterne partes 


of V Pag. 243.2 
2 The voyage of Malgo king of Britaine, to Iſland, Gotland, Orkney, Denmarke 
and Norway. An. 5 80. ae 244 
3 The voyage of king Edgar with 4000. ſhips round about his large Monarchie. Anno 
973. 
4 The voyage of Nicholaus de L inna a Franciſcan Frier, and an excellent Machematicinn 
of Oxford, to all the regions ſituate vnder the North pole. An. 1360. 248 
5 The voyage of Sir Hugh Willoughbie knight wherein he vnfortunately perifhed at Arzina 
reca in Lapland. An. 1553. 265 
6 The t of Richard Chanceler Pilot Maior the firſt diſc ouerer by fea of the kingdome 
of Moſcouia. An. 1553. ; 280 
7 The voyage of Steuen Burrough towarde the riuer Ob intending the diſcouerie of the 
northeaſt paſſage. An. 1556. 11 
f in 


18 The voyage of the forefaid Steuen Burrough from Colmogro in Ruſſia to Wardhou 


ferch of certaine Englifh fhipsnot hard ofthe yeere before. An. 155 7, 326 

9 The voyage of Anthony Ienkinſon into Ruffia,wherin Ofep Napea firſt Ambaffador from 
the Emperor of Moſcouia to Q. Marie was tranſported into his countrie. An. 1557. 333 
10 st 75 of Anthony Ienkinſon from the Citie of Mofco in Ruſſia, to Boghar in Ba- 
tria. An. i 558. 

1 hee the of Anthonie Ienkinfon through Ruſſia, and ouer the Caſpian fea into Pat, 
n. 1561. N ö 

6 

1a The voyage of Thomas Alcocke, George Wrenne, and Richard Cheinyſe che 
Company of Moſcouie Marchants in London, into Perſia. An. 1563. Ke sling ae 


13 The 


— 
200 

of the Engliſh 
201 

202 

icers of bis Se- 
203 

201 

206 

207 


207 
207 


209 
210 
voyage, trouble 
210 


212 
chin, and Mala- 
213 
218 
commeth. 218 
place in the Eaſt 
219 
rne from the Eaſt 
22% 
allies, and two fri- 
227 
don, for a trade to 
234 
nes to Mully Ha- 
237 
ions. 231 
238 
239 
of the Weft parts, 
241 


nd 


— 


eaſterne partes 
Pag. 243.2 
8.24 it 


ey, Denmar 
244 
pnarchie. Anno 
245 
Mathematician 
24 
eriſhed at Arzina 
265 
of che kingdome 
280 
iſcouerie of the 
11 
o Wardhouſe in 
326 
Ambaffador from 


An. 1557. 333 
o Boghar in Ba- 


347 
n ſea into Perſia. 


y feruantes to the 


374 
13 The 


13 The voyage of Richard Iohnſon, Alexander Kytchin, and Arthur Edwardes feruants to 
the forelaid companie into Perſia. An.1565. a 367 
14 The voyage of Thomas Southam, and Iohn Sparke by land and riuer from Colmogro to 
Nouogorode in Ruſſia. An, 1566. 255 390 
15 The voyage of Anthony Ienkinſon into Ruſſia the third time. An. 1566. 397 
16 The voyage of Arthur Edwards Agent for the Mofcouie Company, John Sparke, Laut 
rence Chapman,Chriftopher Fawcet,and Richard Pingle ſeruants into Perſia. 1568. 413 
17 The voyage of Thomas Baniſter, & Geofferie Ducket Agents fo. the Moſcouie company 
into Perfia the fift time. An. i 569. g 419 
18 The voyage of William Burrough captaine of 13. Englifh fhips to the Narue in Lifeland. 
| An. 1570. 425 
19 The nig of Anthony Ienkinfon into Ruſſia the 4. time. An. 1571. 426 
20 The voyage of Chriftopher Burrough into Perfia the 6. time. An. 1579. 44° 
21 The voyage of Arthur Pet, and Charles Jackman fent to diſcouer the Northeaft feas, be- 
yond the Iland of Vaigats. An.1580, 566 
22 The voyage of lerom Horfey ouer land from Moſco in Ruſſia to England. 1584. 822 


The Anbaſſages, Treatiſes, Priuileges, Letters, and other obſeruations 
8 depending vpon the voyages of the fecond part. 


1 Wo teſtimonies of Galfridus Monumetenſis, in his hiſtorie of the kings of Britaine, concerning the 
conqueſts of king Arthur. 243.244 

2 Ateſtimonie of Mafter Lambard in his dsxsjruia touching the right and appendances of the crowne 
of the kingdome of Britane. 


244 
A teftimonie of Maſter Iohn Dee touching the voyage of Nécholans de Linnato the North pole. 249 


; A perfwafion of Robert Thorne Marchant of Briftoll,and dwelling long in Siuil in Spaine, to king Henry the 

__ eight of noble memoric,to fet out and further Difcoueries towards the North. 250 

The diſcoutſe of the forefayd Robert Thorne , written to Doctor Leigh the kings Ambaſſadour in Spaine, 
touching chat matter. 


252 

6 The excellent orders and inſtructions of Sebaſtian Cabot, giuen to Sir Hugh Willoughbie and his Fleete 

in cheir voyage intended for Cathay. 259 
7 Ihe names ofthe twelue Counſaylors appoynted in Sir Hugh Willoughbyes voyage. 263 
8 The names of tlie ſſüps, captaines, mariners, and other officers of that firftworthy enterpriſe. 


9 We of king Edward the fixe written at chat time to all the Kings, Princes, and other Potentates of the 
Northeaſt. 


264 
10 The othe miniſtred to the Captayne of the Fleete. 266 
tr The othe miniftred to the Maſters of the ſhips. 


o the 267 
12 A teſti monie ef Richard Eden concerning Clement Adams, che authour of Richard Chanceler his Diſco- 


uerie, written in Latine. 


270 
13 The Letters of the Emperour of Ruſſia ſent to king Edward the ſixt by Richard Chanceler. 298 
14 The coynes,weights,and meaſures vſed in Ruſſia. 293 
15 The Commiſſion giuen to the Marchants Agents, reſiant in Ruſſia. 295 
16 The othe miniſtred to the ſeruants of the Moſcouie company. 299 
17 The LetterofGeorge e the firft Agent in Ruſſia, written to the companie. 399 
18 The firft Privileges graunted by the Emperour of Ruſſia to the Englifh marchants, 30 


19 The Charter of the marchants of the Moſcouie companie, graunted by Queene Marie. 304 
20 Inſtructions giuen to che Purfers of the Moſcouie voyages. 


og 
ar ms difcourfe ofthe honourable recciuing into England of the firft Ambaſſadour from the Emperour of Rut 
ia, . 


22 
22 The deſcription of Ruſſia with the cuftomes and maners of the Inhabitants. : 


23 The letters of the Queenes Maieſtie written tothe Emperour of Nuſſia, requefting licence and ſafe condud 
for Anthonie lenlinſon to paſſe through his Dominions into Petſia. 359 
24 The letter ofthe Queenes Maieſtie to the great Sophie of Perfia, ſent by Anthonie Ienkinfon, 368 
25. The privileges giuen by Obdolowcan king of Hircania, to the companie of Englith marchants trading in 
Ruffia obteined by Anthonie lenkinſon. 374 
26 Certaine letters of Arthur Edwards written out of Ruſſia, Media, and Perfia, to the companie of Moſcouie 
marchants in London, 376.377.380.384 
27 The diftances of diuers places in Ruffia, 385 
The way and diſtances from Saint Nicholas in Ruſſia to the Cafpian Sea. 86 


3 
a Nowe and obſeruations gathered by Nichard lohnſon of che ſeuerall wayes from Ruffia to Cathay ou 


0 388 
30 An A& for the Corporation of marchants Ad difcouerine of 2 Pee 
eightyeere of e . uenturers for the diſcouering of newe trades, made in che 


re 94 
10 the priuileges graunted by the Emperour of Ruſſia to the Englith marehants obteined by Anshonie eae 


397 
3», The 


3 he Amballage of Thomas Randolfe Eſquire from the Qyeenes Maicitic to che Emperour of Ruſſia. 399 
f 1 graunted to the Englith marehants at M.Randolfe his ſute. 40 
34 A commiſſion Faun Bs ser ah for a ditonetip tothe Northeaſt by Sea. 1 

Toftruaions giuen to the diſcouerers in that action. N f 

ö i Certaine ines in verfe writ out of Mofcouia by George Turberuil, Secretarie to M.Randolfe, touching the 
State of the countrey and manners of the people. 408.409 

37 Notes concerning the fourth Englith voyage into Perſia. 416 

38 Obſeruations of che Sophie of Perſia, and of the religion of the Perſians. 422 

49 The Ambaffage of ‘Anchonie Ienkinfon from the Queenes Maieſtie to the Emperour of Ruſſia in the Nau 

4 

1771. . 

49 Ada rehearſallof all the trauailes of Anthonie Ienkinſon. on 436 

4t A nate of all the neceſſarie inſtruments and appurtenances belonging to che killing of the Whale, 437 

41 The depoſition of William Burrowgh to certaine interrogatories mooued vnto him concerning the nie : 
and Kegor. 43 

43 er Mali of William Burrowgh,to diffwade the vſe of a trade to the Narue by way through Sweden. 439 

44, The latitudes and Meridian altitudes of diuers places in Ruffia from the North to the South, 453 

45 Directions giuen by Richard Hakluyt Eſquire to Morgan Hubblethorne Dyer, ſent into Perſia. 454 

46 A commiſſion giuen by Sir Rowland Hayward Knight, and George Barne Aldermen, and Gouernour of the 
Moſcouie companie, to Arthur Pet, and Charles lackman, for the diſcouerie by Sea towards Cathay. 457 

47 Rules, and orders giuen to be obſerued by them in that diſcouerie. 8 

48 Breefe aduiſes giuen them by M. lohn Dee, to that purpoſe. 

49 Inſtructions giucn them by Richard Hakluit Eſquire to that purpofe alſo. 

50 A lornall of their diſcòuerie written by Nicholas Chaunceller. 1 ; 

51 The letter of Gerrardus Mercator, to Richard Hakluyt of Oxeford touching that difcoucrie. 483 

$2 The opinion of William Burrough ſent to a friend requiring his iudgement, forthe fitteſt time of the depar- 
ture of our fhips towardes Saint Nicholas in Ruſſia. ca ee 487 

$3 The Queenes Maieſties Commiffion giuen to Sir jerom Bowes, authoriſing him her highneffe Ambaſſador 
with the Emperour of Moſeouie. . N 487 

$4 The Qucenes Maieſties letters written to the Emperour by Sir Ierom Bowes, in his commendation, 489 

$5 The difcourfe of the Ambaſſage of Sir lerom Bowes, to the foreſayd Emperour. 491 

36 The manner of preferring of {utes in Ruſſia. i 2 490 

7 A letter of Henry Lane, to William Sanderſon marchant of London, contayning a briefe diſcourſe of all 
things paſſed in our Northerne diſcoueries for the {pace of 33. yeres. a $00 

$8 The late Ambaſſage of Giles Fletcher Doctor of the Ciuil lawe from her Maieftieto the Emperour of Ruf. 


Neila 


wwe, 


; 02 

39 The moſt folemne and magnificent Coronation of Pheodore Iuanowich the New Emperour of Ruffia ob. 

ſerued by lerom Horſey. ; 819 

60 The eee graunted by the newe Emperour to the Engliſh marchants, and obtained by the forefaide 
Ierom Horſey. a 82 

61 The honorable teſtimonies of diucrs ftrangers,touching the notable difcoueries of the Engliſh made in die 

{] Northeaft parts, 304 


The voyages of the third and laſt part, made to the 


Weſt, South weſt, and Northweſt regions. 


XS 


* 
nen 
17 
< 
7 
* 


8 


iF the Weſt Indies. Anno. 1 170. Pagina 506. 
As The voyage of Sebaſtian Cabot, borne in the citie of Briſtol, wherein hee 
dꝗdicouered a mightie tracte of land from the circle Arctike to Florida, An. 
1494. 1 2. 
yage of Sit Thomas Pert knight, and Sebaftian Cabot to Brafil, Saint Deming, 
and Saint Iohn de Posto Ricco, An. 15 16. 515. 

4 The voyage of the two fhips , whereof one was called the Dominus Vobifcum,for difco- 
uerie of the North partes. An. 1527. 517. 

5 The voyage of Maſter Hore, and diuers other gentlemen, to Newfound land, and Cape 
Briton, An. 1526. And in the 28. yere oflin Henry the eight. 517. 

6 The voyage made by William Hawkins, futher to Sir John Hawkins to Braſil. Anno 
1530. 520. 

7 The voyage of Sir Iohn Hawkins to the Weſt Indies. An. 1562. 521. 
8 re voyage of Roger Bodenham to Saint Iohn de Vilua in the Bay of Mexico. Anno 
1564. f R 

9 The fecond voyage of Sir Ichn Hawkins to the coaftof Guinea firſt, and then to Nous 
ene 564. 5 523 
10 The third voyage of Sir Iohn Hawkins made with the Ieſus of Lubecke, one ofher Ma- 
ieſties Ships to the WeltIndia, An. 1367. 57. 
11 The 


D „ A., AK NEL wD ve 15 
— „ N OA es 


— — 
f Ruſſia. 399 


40 
40 
407 
ez touching the 
405. 409 
416 
422 
ſſia in the yeere 
426 
436 
Whale. 437 
ning the Narue 
438 
hSweden. 439 
ch. 453 
ia. 454 
zouernour ofthe 
Cathay. 455 
438 
459 
460 
476 
rie. 483 
ime of the depar- 
487 
neſſe Ambaffador 
487 
endation, 489 
491 
49° 
fe difcourfe of all 
500 
Emperour of Ruf 
502 
erour of Ruſſia ob- 
19 
ed by che foreſaide 
823 
glith made in the 
504 


the 


f Northwales to 
Pagina 506. 
ol, wherein hee 
e to Florida, An. 
512. 
aint Domingo, 
515. 
bifcum for diſco- 
517. 
H land, and Cape 
517. 
to Braſil. Anno 
520. 
521. 
of Mexico. Anno 
522. 
nd then to Noua 
323 
e, one ofher Ma- 


553° 
11 The 


ye 


22 The voyage of Sir Humfrie Gilbert knight, to the coaſtes of America. An. 1583. 679. 
23 The voyage of Philip Amadas, and Arthur Barlowe to Virginia, atthe charge, and dire- 


ia ing 3. 5 b i 
the King by Scbeltnn Cabor, ian, concerning 3. Sauages brought into England, and preſented to 


11 The voyage of Dauid Ingram from the bay of Mexico ouer land neere to the Cape Bri- 
ton. An. 1561. a 557. 
12 The voyage of Robert Tomſon marchant into Noua Hiſpania out of Spaine. An. 1 555 . 
580. 


dy 3 The voyage of Iohn Chilton into the Weft India, with many memorable things concer- 


ning the ſtate thereof. An,1568. 588. 
14 The voyage of Sir Francis Drake to Nombre de Dios, and Dariene. An. 1572. 594. 
15 The voyage of Iohn Oxnam of Plymmouth to the Weft India, and ouer the ftreight of 

Dariene into the South fea, An. 1575. 595. 
16 The firſt voyage of Sir Martin Frobifher to the North weſt. An. 1576. 615. 
17 The ſecond voyage of Sir Martin Frobifher to the fame coaſtes. An. 1577. 622. 


18 The ihird and laſt voyage of Sir Martin Frobifher, to Meta Incognita. An. 1578. 630. 
19 The voyage of Chriftopher Hare, with the Minion of London to Brafil,An.1580, 641. 
20 The voyage of Edward Fenton, and Luke Warde, as farre as 34 degrees of Southerlie 
latitude. An. 1582. 647. 
21 The voyage of Iohn Drake, after his ſeparation from Maſter Fenton, at the Iland of San- 
cta Catelina, to the ryuer of Plate. An. 1583. 639. 


ction of Sir Walter Raleigh. An. 1584. 728. 
24 The voyage of dir Richard Greenuile to Virginia, for Sir Walter Raleigh. Anno 1585. 


773 
25 The voyage made at the direction of Sir Walter Raleigh, the third time to Virginia. An. 
86 


1586. 147. 
26 The voyage of Edward Stafford, and Iohn White, ſet out by the aforeſaid Sir Walter 1 
leigh the fourth time to Virginia. An. 15 87. 764. 
27 The voyage of lohn Dauis, for the difcouerie of the Northweſt paſſage. An. 1585. 776. 
28 The ſecond voyage of Iohn Dauis in the foreſaid attempt. An. 1586. 781. 
29 The voyage of Richard Pope maſter of the Barke called the Sunne-fhine fent another 
va for the difcouerie of the paſſage by Iohn Dauis in his ſecond voyage. An. 1586. 787. 
30 The third voyage of Iohn Dauis in his former enterprife, wherein hee diſcouered 200. 
leagues more to the North · weſt, then maſter Frobifher. An. 1587. 789. 
31 The voyage of Robert Withrington,and Chriftopher Lifter, as farre as 44. degrees to the 
eo of the Equinoctiall, ſet out by the right honorable the Earle of Cumberland. An. 
1550. e 
32 The famous voyage of M. Thomas Candiſh Eſquire round about the globe of the Bi i 
in the {pace of two yceres and leſſe then two moneths begunne in the yeere 1586, Sog. 


33 The voyage of William Michelſon, and William Mace, wich a thip called the Dogge, to 


the bay of Mexico. An. 1589. 817. 


q The difcourfes, letters, priniledges, relations and other materiall cire 
cumſtances incident to the voyages of the third part. 


t He offer ofthe difcouerie of the Weſt Indies by Chriftopher Columbus, to king Henry the feuenth, 
and the kings acceptation of the offer. 


2 A teſtimonie of Ferdinando Columbus, touching the fame offer. 599 
3 The letters patents of king Henry the ſcuenth, graunted vnto lohn Cabot, andhis 3. ſonnes, Lewes, 
Sebaſtian, and Santius, for diſcouerie of newe lands. 
4 Arecord of the Rolles touching the voyage of lohn Cabot, and Sebaſtian his ſonne. six 
5 A teſtimonie of Sebañ an Cabot his difcouerie of the Welt India, in his mappe cut by Clement Adams,and 
to be ſeene in her Maictties priuie gallerie at Weſtminſter. 5 
6 A teſtimonie of Baptiſta Ramuſius, 
7 A teſtimonie of Sebaſtian Cabot his 
8 The confeſſion of Francis Lopez de 
India by the Englith. 


9 Arecord of Robert Fabian in his Chronicle not yet printed fSeba i i i 
10 Another record of the faid Robert Fab en 4 Set e Eien: 


Pag.s07,508 


511 
Secretarie to the eſtate of Venice, touching Sebaſtian Cabot. 513 
voyage in the 6.chap.of the 3. Decade of Peter Martyr of Angleria. 513 
Gomara a Spaniard, touching the diſcouerie of a great part of the Weit 
554 
575 


g 1 
11 The large penſion graunted by king Edward the ſixt, to Sebaſtian Cabot » confticuting him graund plotef 
England. 


. . 2 
12 An acte againſt the exaction of money or any other ching. by any officer for licence to traffike into Icland 
and 


2 
o> “CY AS yr ors 


’ 722 
ZA Kh w Ka 
Ky of area 

eN\ iv 


ww st 


5 


— — <a 


— — — 


1 awn 
„ Minx ¥ 5 


4 „ 


n. „ „ WN. 


and Newe found land, made in Anno 2. Edward 6. 


1 3 The atriuall and cureeſie of fyr lohn Hawkins tothe diſtreſſed French men in Florida, cõſeſſed by Laudoniere 


f 543 
14 Arelation of the commodities of Noua Hiſpania, & the maners of the Inhabitants, written by Henry Hawkes 


the French captaine in the difcourfe of his voyage. 


marchant,who liued .yceres in the countrie. F 15 545 
11 The relation of Dauid Ingram concerning his trauaile in the countrie of America, 7 
16 The diſcourſe of Miles Philips, one ot fyr lohn Hawkins companie, ſet on ſhore in the bay of Mexico, con- 


"| ¢erning the bloodie and moft tyrannous crucltics of the Spaniards, yſed againft him and his fellowe Engliſn- 


; 


| 


Pra lie) 


- PAS ; 
n 


V eb % Om 


‘24 A letter written to Richard Hakluye Eſquire, of the middle temple, by Anthonic Parkhurft,conteyning a true 


men at Mexico, 
17 The diſcourfe ofſyt Humſtie Gilbert knight, to prooue a paffage by t 
dies. 597 


18 The diſcourſe of Richard Willes to the fame purpoſe. N 610 
19 The relation of Thomas Wiars, concerning] diſcouerie of a great land ſituate in 5. degrees of latitude. 34 
20 The notes of Richard Hakluyt Efquire, deliuered for inſtruction to certaine gentlemen of matter Frobiſſiers 

companie. 636 
2t A — titten to maſter Richard Staper merchant of London, by lohn Whithall, dwelling at Santos in 

Braſill. 638 
22 The fame letter anſwered by diuers merchants of London, and ſent to him in the Minion of London. 640 


23 Inſtructions giuen by the right honorable the Lords of the Counſel to Edward Fenton, for the order to beob- 
ſerued in the voyage recommended vnto him. 644 


562 
he Northweft to Cathaya, and the Eaſt 


reporcof che {tate and commodities of Newe found land, : 1 674 
27 Ihe letters patents graunted by her Maieſtie to ſyr Humfrie Gilbert knight, for the inhabiting and planting 


of America. 677 
26 J he letters of Stephanus Parmenius a learned Hungarian, to Richard Hakluyt of Oxford from Newfound 


land touching the ſtate of that Countrie. 697 
27 The confeffion of Richard Clarke of Weymouth Maſter of the Admiral ſhip of Sir Humfrey Gilberts fleete, 
written in excuſe of that fault of cafting away the thip and men, imputed to his ouerſight. 700 
28 Thedifcourfe of Sir George Peccham Knight touching the poffelsion of the Newfound landes taken in the 
right of the Crowne of England, ofher Maieſties lawfull title thereunto, and of the commodities that would 
inſue to this Realme by planting in them. 705 

29 A letter of Thomas Aldworth Marchant, and then Maior of Briftoll to the right honorable Sir Francis Wal- 
fingham,touching a voyage intended for wefterne diſcoueries. 718 
30 The difcourfe of Matter Chriftopher Carlile to fatisfie and incourage our Marchants,and people in general 
about the action of planting in America. 718 
31 The letters Patents granted by the Queenes Maieſtie to Sir Walter Raleigh Knight for the dſcouering, and 
inhabiting of new Countries, to continue the {pace onely of 6.yercs and no more. 725 
32 An accompt of the particularities ofthe imployment of the Englith men left in Virginia ynder the charge 
and gouernement of Ralfe Lane, written by him ſelfe. 737 
33 The diſcoutſe of Thomas Harriots, touching Virginia. 748 
34 a 7755 Patents of the Queens Maieſtie granted to Adrian Glibert and others for the ſearch of the north- 

welt paſſage. 77 
35 A letter of lohn Dauis written to William Sanderſon touching his a. voyage of diſcouerie. 764 
36 His ;. letter vritren to the forefaid William Sanderſon touching the diſeouerie of his third attempt. 792 
37 he 1 8 of Ralfe Lane written from Virguuia to Richard Hakluyt of the Temple, concerning the ſtate 

thereof. ; 79 
38 Averie exact and perfect defcription of the diftances from place to place from the riuer of Plate till 70 
come tothe end of the Streight of Magelan, and againe from the riuer of Plate to Pette Guarras northward, 

. 80 
39 A letter of Maſter Thomas Candithto the right honorable the Lord Chamberlaine touching the hiecedte 
of his voyage about the world, 808 
40 The names of the Kings or Princes of Iaua at the time of our Englithmens being there. 813 
41 Certaine wordes of the naturall language of laua learned and obſerued by our men there. 813 
W notes, and references taken out of the large Mappe of China brought home by Maſter Thomas 
ndilh. 81 3 

43 An aſſignement from Sir Walter Raleigh to diuers gentlemen, an Lo inui 

— — Vins’ gentlemen,and Marchants of London, for continuing 75 


fe L e . N UT ou 


111 
by Laudoniere 


Henry Hawkes 
345 
517 
»f Mexico, con- 
ellowe Englifh- 
562 
ya, and the Eaft 
197 
610 
s of latitude. 634 
after Frobiſſiers 
636 
ing at Santos in 
638 
London. 640 
e order to beob- 
644 
onteyning a true 
674 
ing and planting 
677 
from Newfound 
697 
y Gilberts fleete, 
7°00 
ndes taken in the 


dities that would 
701 


Sir Francis Wal- 
18 


7 
le in general 
people ing 715 
e dſcoueting, and 
725 


ynder the charge 
73 


7 
earch of che north - 
774 
786 
d attempt. 79% 
cerning the ftate 


793 

r of Plate till you 
uarras northward. 
. 803 
ching the fuccefle 
808 

813 

i. 813 
by Maſter Thomas 
813 


for continuing the 
815 


‘THE FIRST. PART. OF THE 
principall voyages, trauailes and difeoueties 
of che Englifh:nation made to the Southand » 
Soutßeafl quarters of the world, with the let 
Ea ites. difcourfes and treatiſen 
_ appertaining thereunto. 


Tus trauaile of Helena. Leow 


ELENA Hlauia Augufta, ferenifetei 
art “A Coeli Britannici Regis Hares, & vnica filiay Magni 
td Ee aaa Cõſtantini Cæſaris mater, incomparabili decdre,fide, 
„ religione, bonitate, ac magnificentid pi, Eulebioeti · 
am teite, per totum reſplenduit orbem : Inter omnes 
atis {ux foeminas, nulla inueniebatur el in liberali- 
Pigs bus ee pee nulla in inſtrumentis mufici¢ 
a uis nationum copiofior. Innatam 
= — aritudinem, oris facundiam, acmorum 
ornatiffimam compofitionem : Hebraicè, Grace, & 
Latinè erudita. Caruerat pater alia fobole (inquit Vi- 
= Ke. que Negni ſolio potitetur. Ilam propteren 
his inſtrui fecit per N e e vt ed come 
. i modius Regni tractaret negotie. Vnde obincredibie 
lees eius pulctircudinemyatque alias €ximias animi & corporis dotes, Conſtantius Clorus Cæ. 
far filam duxit in vxorem,atque ex ei filium in Britannia genuit Conſtantinum Magnum. Sed 
eotandem Eboraci defuncto, cum Annailla Euangelich, in fan&ta viduitate perdurauit ad vl- 
timum vite diem, tota Chriſtianę Religioni dedita. Sunt enim Authores, qui narrent per iſtam, 
ceſſante perſecutione, pacem Eccleſijs datam: Adtantam cceleftis Philoſophiæ cognitionem 
eam ferunt poſt agnitum Euangelium perueniſſe, vt olim. multos ediderit libros, & carmina 
quædam Græca, quæ man à Pontico ſupereſſe perhibentur. Viſionibus admonita Hie- 
roſolymam petijt,& omnia ſaluatoris loca perluſtrauit. Romæ tandem octogenaria forlicited 
in Chrifto quieuit.r j. Calendas Septembris,filio adhuc ſuperſtite, Anno falutis humanz 337. 
Regiante apud Britannos 91 Huius aneh minima nunc curd venetijs ſeniatur. 


5 Elena Flauia Augufta the heire Nee of Coelus — 
a Esa ol r. rt a of 25 3 — Coiftantine the great, by reafon of ber fine 


* 


arcoybing to che teſtimonie of Bufebigs 
— ee all the wonld. of her time, there was none either in 
liberal Arts moze learned, op in inſtruments of muſicke more feilfull_orin the Divers 


of nations moze abundant then herſelle. n 


wit, elo 
quence of ach, ard a moſt notable 
a 95 e eee eee | 


— — 


yo ay 4 


we : ** , 
F 


75 a : : f } d f 
* 21 The trauailes and diſcoueries Conſtantine. 


and had by her a ſonne called Conſtantine the great, while hee remained in Biitaine. TWibo at 
ö psa Aa at Dothe, this Helena (no other wife then Anna of twhome mention is made in 
the nee Ceflament) coritiuned a vettuous, and holy twidotn to the ende of her life, 
/ bt sate ae dah de affrme, that perſerution ceafen, and peace was graunted to 
the Chuan Churches by her good meanes. 5 
‘After che lighe and knowledge of the Golpel, the grewe fo ſkilfull in diuinitie, that thee wrote 
and compofen diuers booked, and rertaine Orecke verſes allo, which( as Ponticus reporcerh are 
pet ettant, Being warned by fome'vifions thee went to Jeruſalem, and viſtted all the places 
there, which Chit ha frequented. She tiued to the age of fourefcore peeres, and then Dyed at 
Rome iſe Pao ot ak E, th the peerp of our revemptipn 33 7. Octauius being chen King of 
Britaine, and her fonne Conftantine the Emperour then allo lining, and her budy is to this day 
very carefully ppevecioane Venice, 29IGTIL'! 11 
The life and trauels of Conftantine the great, Empe- 
e dit pdardnd Ning of Britaine. 
4/ LauiusConftantious cagnomente Magnus poſt Genitorem Cõſtantium Bri- t 
A LUZ tannorumi Rex, ac Romanorum Cæſar Auguftus, ex Britannica matre in Bri- 1 
t 
t. 


J tania natus, & in Britannia ereatus Imperator, patriam natalem magnifice 


ſusæ gloriæ participem fecit. Profligatis Alemanis, Hiſpanis, & Francis, eorum- 
que Regibus pro ſpectaculo beftijs obiectis, Galliam ſubiectam tenuit: Tres 
rent! Helena: mattis auunculos Britannos, Leolinum, Traherum, & Marium, quos bi 
cæteiid ſemper fidentioreshabuerat in ſuis fortunis, Italis à Maxentij tyrannide fœliciter libe- to 
ratis,in Senatorũ ordinem Romæ promouit. Innumer in eo( vt Eutropius habet) claruère tam 
amimiʒ quam corporis virtutes, dum appetentiſſimus eſſet gloriæ militaris, fucceffufemperin 
bollis proſpero. Inter literas tam Græcas quam Latinas, à Chriſtianiſsima matre Helena Chriſti po 
fidem edoctus, eos honorabat præcipuè, qui in Philofophia Chriſtiana vitam reclinaſſent. ba 
Vade ab Oceani finibus nempè Britannis incipiens,ope fretus diuina,Religionis curam in ine- 
dijs fuperttitionum tenebris cœpit, ab Occiduis ad Indos, innumeras ad æternæ {pem vite eri- 
gensgentes;Animum diuinis exercendo ſtudijs, noctes trahebat inſomnes, & quæſita ſeriben- 
di diuerticula per otium frequentabat; Imperium oratione, ac Sanctis operationibus conti- 
** nendum ratus, Egregius Chriſtianæ diſciplinæ præco, filios ac proceres docuit, pietatem diui- 
tijs omnibus, atque adeò ipſi anteferte totius mundi Monarchiæ. Falſorum Deorum euerſor, 
Imaginum cultus per Græciam, e Ægyptum, Perſiam, Aſiam, & vniuerſam ditionẽ Romanam, 
5 1 — abrogkt legibus, iubens per edicta Chriſtũ coli, Euangelium predicari ſacrum, Mini- 
ſtrishonores, & alimenta dari, atque idolorum vbique deſtrui templa. Et vt fidei forma cunctis pee 
Videretur, Euangelium leſu Chriſti ante fe ſemper fei fecit, & Biblia ſacra ad omnes prouin - Rh 
eias deftinari, diademaque Monarchicui primus Britannis Regibus dedit: Ecclefijs infinita 
praftitit;agros,annonam,{tipem egenis, ægris, viduis, ac orphanis,pro quibusque vt pater ſolli- 
citus. Euſebium, Lactantium, & ſimiles, familiariſsimos habuit, & hanc ad Deum orationem 
indies ipfisin eius vita teſtibus fudit. Vnum te Deum eſſe nouimus,ynum te Regem intelligi- 


imus, appellamus adiutorem, nobis abs te victoria cecidit, ex te Aduerfarium fudimus, &c. Vy 
o delicijs habuit, vt Sextus Aurelianus tradit,literarum ſtudia colere, bonas artes fouere, le- Ki 
gere: ſeribere, meditari: compofuit Græcè & Latinè multos libros & Epiſtolas. E vita Nico- N 
media diſceſsit Senex, ætatis ſux Anno 66. & Imperij 32. 4 Chriſti verd incarnatione 3 39. ö 
Conſtantinopoli ſepultus, Octauiqͥ i Britapinjs regnanté,, Eius vitam in quatuor libris Euſe- a 
bius Cæſarienſis Grace ſcripſit, & Ioarines Porteſius Gallus in Latinum tranſtulit ſermonem. eee 
12205 I The ſame in Englifh. . * 
Lauius Conſtantine, fyynamen the great, King of the Vꝛitaine after his futher, and Empe⸗ mu 
1 wur of che Romaues, bozne in Mitanie of Helena his mother, and there created Emperour, bat: 
mumps biennetueronttric partakter ot his ſingular glopie, and renovume. ve it 
~afiDauingrconquccen and put to finde the Aimanes, Opaniardg, Frenchmen, and their Rings cib 
daun Tyectacleth ote ont to wülde hende, be held France it felfe as fubiect vuto bim: and ba- pis 
; uing happilp deliuered the Italians from the typannie of Maxcntius, her preferred 2. of his mos Ge 
dherkebricies, alt Bhitaines namely Leoline, Trahere nd Marius, nibom in all bis attions be bes ans 
kaundumeofaßchfüll vito hintthen any others tu be of the ower ofthe Romane Benatops. tes 
<Buttopins reponeth. that be infinitely excrllen in the vertues both of the minde and body alſo. in E 
mn that hrung apleature in the practife of warre, and in the eee >> 390 
Witla } pron 7 


N N DN , een I. 


D de d, 


——— (—2w— 
Conſtantine. 


——— 
e mention is made in 
er life, 

cace was graunted to 


initie, that thee twpote 
onticus reporter) )ate 
pitted all the places 
res, and then dyed at 
sbeing then King of 
her body is to this dar 


Empe- 


orem Céftantium Bri- 
itannica matre in Bri- 
m natalem magnificæ 
mis, & Francis, eorum- 
ubiectam tenuit: Tres 
rum, & Marium, quos 
reannide foeliciter libe- 
us habet)claruére tam 
aris, ſucceſſu ſemper in 
a matre Helena Chriſti 
vitam reclinaffent, 
eligionis curam in me- 
d æternæ ſpem vite eri 
mes, & quæſita ſcriben- 
8 operationibus conti- 
s docuit, pietatem diui- 
forum Deorum euerſor, 
fam ditioné Romanam, 
rædicari ſacrum, Mini- 
t vt fidei forma cunẽtis 
ſacra ad omnes prouin 
dedit: Eccleſijs infinita 
quibusque ve pater ſoll- 
inc ad Deum orationem 
num te Regem intelligi- 
luerſatium fudimus, &c. 
, bonas artes fouere, le- 
piſtolas. Evita Nico- 
verd incarnatione 339 · 
m in quatuor libris Eufe- 
m tranſtulit ſermonem. 


ter his father, and Enrpes 
there created Empetour, 


enchmen, and their ings 
; him: and bas 
sea . z. o his mo: 
min all his actions be had 
morte ne Senators. 


aommendatton 


mom eſle, 


| de and body alto, 
ortha nm ten of Partial 


Pelagius. ofthe Englifh nation. 


moweſſe, he neuer pitched flelde hut bis ſutceiſe in the battell was al wapes victozions, Vis moe 
cher Helena hauing inſtructed him in the faich of Chpitt, although bee made much of all men chat 
were learned in the Srceke and Latiue tongues, pet he per lded fpeciall honq to thoſe that ſpent 
their time in the ſudie of Diuiuicie, which be called ilolophie: ſo that beginning at 
the ſurthelt part of the Ocean fea, which then was talen to be his otonc natiue ſoyle of Butalne, 
and truſting in the alliance of God, when the darkenes of lupe rũlitian was mol chicke, then bee 
vndertooke a tate of Religion, tirring vp innumerable nations from the elk as far e as In- 
dia it ſelſe, to the hope of eternall life. 

ee palſed manp nightes without ſleepe, having his minde occupied in divine Cudies : and 
whenſoeuer his lealure from greater affaires did ie him his bacant times ſhould be ſpent in 
the vſe of writing ¢ other good erercifes, alluring bimfelfe that his kingdoms ¢ Empire wete to 
be continued ¢ ſtrengthened to him by prayer and holy woꝛkes: and oftentimes taking vpon him 
as it were p perſon of a notable preacher of Chpitian diſcipline, he would teach his childꝛen and 
nobilitie, that godlines was to be preferred before riches,pea,before q Ponarchie ol all p woꝛld. 

ie ouerthꝛew the falſe gods ol the Heathens. and by many lawes often reniued, be abꝛogated 
the woꝛſhipping of Images in all the countreis of Greece, Ægypt, Perſia, Aſia, and the whole 
Romane Empire, commanding Ch onely by his Edicts to be woꝛſbhipped, the ſacred Goſpell 
tobe pꝛeached, the Miniſters chercof to be honoured and relieued, and the temples of Idoles eue. 
tp where to be deſtroped. 

Mhitherſoeuer he went hee cauſed the booke of the Goſpell ol Chri to be Kill caried befne 
him, that thereby it might appeare to be a fozme of faith to all men, and to apperteine generallp 
to all nations. . : 

He was the firſtthat appointed an Imperiall Diademe, o; Crowne to the Kings of Britaine, 

He was maoſt beneficiallto all Churches, beſto wing vpon them lands and ſie ds, and vpun the 
pooze, ſicke perſons, widowes and oꝛphanes, come and wood, being as carefull of them as if hee 
had bene their naturall father. 

He vled learned men mof kamiliarly, as Euſebius, Lactantius and others, and they are wit. 
nelles that this was his vſuall pꝛayer to God. O Lon we know thee to bethe onelp Gon, we are 
ture that thou art the onely King, and we call vpon thee as our helper: though thee we haue got · 
ten the victozie, and by chee we haue ouerthꝛowen the enemie. 

Sextus Aurelius repoꝛteth that it was his greatelt velight to imbꝛace the ſtudie of learning to 
kauour good Arts, to reade, write and meditate, and chat he compofed many bookes, and Epiſtles 
both in the Greeke and Latine tongues, f 

De died at Nicomedia. being then 6s. eres of age in the 3 2 Mi of his reigne, and in the 3 39. 
peete after the Jntarnation of Chpitt, and was buried at Conttantinople, Oauius being then 
King of Bꝛitaine: whole life Euſebius bithop of Cxſarea hath tpitten in Greeke in 4,bookes, 
which afterwards were tranllated into che Latine tongue by Iohn Portes a French man 


The life and trauailes of Pelagius, borne in Wales. 


frie» 4Elagius Cambrius ex ea Britanniz parte oriundus, famati illius Collegij Ban- 
; 2 I nochorenſis a Ceſtria non procul, præpoſitus erat, in quo Chriftianorum philo- 
Ne) By fophotim, duo inillia ac centum, ad plebis in Chriſto cõmoditatem militabant, 
mnmanuum ſuarum laboribus, uxta Pauli doctrinam victitantes. Poſtquam plures 
§ exhibitos, pro Chriſtiana Repub. labores, vir eruditione infignis, & tum Grace, 


tum Latinè peritus, vt Tertullianus alter, quorundam Clericorum laceffitus in- 


1 


lurijs, grauatiin tulit, ac tandem a fide defecit. 


Peragratis igitur deinceps Gallijs, in Aegyptum, & Syriam aliaſque orientis Regiones de- 
mum peruenit. Vbi ei earum partiũ Monacho præſul ordinatus, fui nominis hæreſim fabrica- 
bat: afferens hominem fine peccato naſel, ac ſolo voluntatis imperio fine gratia ſaluari poſſe, 
vt ita nefarius baptiſmum ac fidem tolleret. Cum his & confimilibus impoftricis doctrinæ fe- 
cibus in patriam ſuam reuerſus, omnem illam Negionem, Iuliano & Cæleſtino Pſeudoepiſco- 
pis fautoribus, conſpureabat. Verum ante lapſum ſuum ſtudia tractabat honeſtiſſima, vt poſt 
Gennadium Bedam,& honorium alij ferunt authores,comp ofuitque multos libros ad Chrifti- 
anam vtilitatem. At poftquam eft Hereticus publicatus, multo plures edidit hæreſi ſuccurren- 
tes. &e ex diametro eum vera pietate pugnantes, vnde erat a fuis Britannis in exilium pulſus, vt 
in Epiſtola ad Martinum quintum Valdenus habet. Claruit anno poſt Chriftum incarnatum, 
390. ub Maximo Britannorum Rege. 

42 g be 


4 The trauaides and diſcoueries J. Erigena. 


The fame in Englifh. f 22 

Elagius bopne in that part of Vntatne with is called Tales, was head op gouernour ol th 
Plane Calesge ol Sango, mntare from € beer tberctn lined a Moctetie of 21.00, Dis 
wines n Sotuvents of Chrittian philoſophte, applying themfelues to the prallte of the Cipittian 

people, and liuing by the labours of their otune handes, ding to Pauls doctrine, Oe was a 
‘man excellently Learned and fhiltull both in the Greeke and Latine tongues, and as it were ano: 
ther Tertullian, after his long and great trauailes fon the good of the Chꝛiſtian Common 
wealth, leeing bimſelfe abuſed, and iniurioufly dealt withall by ſome al the Clergie ol that time, 
de tooke the matter fo grieuouſly, that at the laſt he relapled from the faith. 

Mbereupon be left CClales and went into France , and hauing gone through France , he 
went there hence into Egypt, Dyria, ¢ other Countries ofthe Calf, and being made Iꝛielt by a 
tertaine Monke ol thole partes , be there hatched his berefie , which accoꝛding to his name was 

allen che herefie of the Pelagians : which was that man was boꝛne without fine, and might be 
farb the power of his owne wil without grate, that fo the miſerable man might take away 
fayth aud baptilme. Mith this and che like dꝛegges of falle doctrine , he returned againe into 
Males and there by the meanes of the two lalſe relates Julian and Celeſtine, who kauoured 
his hereſie, hee infected the whole Countrey with it. But before his fall and Apoltalie from the 
faith, he ercrcifen himlelle in the belt tuvieg,as Gennadius, Beda, Honorius, and other authours 
doe report him, and note many bookes ſeruing not a little to Chpittian vtilitie : but being once 
fallen into his hereſie, he wrote many more erroncous bookes, then he did befoze honelt, and fine 
ceares whereupon at the lat his omne Countrepmen baniſhed him, as Malden teſtifteth in his 
E pille to ape Martin the fift, Ie florithen in the peere alter the Incarnation, 90. Maximus 
being then Ring of Britane, 


The life and trauailes of Iohn Erigena. 


85 


2 


rarchia, ex Conſtantinopoli tunc miſſos Latinos fecit, Anno. Dom. 858. Profectus poſtea in 
Britanniam, Alphredi Anglorum Regis, & ſuorum liberorum factus eſt præceptor, atque ipſo 
mox ad hortante, inter ocia literaria e Græco tranſtulit in tres linguas, ſcilicet Chaldaicam, A- 
rabicam, & Latinam, Ariſtotelis moralia, de ſecretis ſecretorum, ſeu recto regimine Princi- 
pum, opus certe exquiſitum. In Malmsburienſi cænobio tandem, quo recreationis gratia ſe 
contulerat, inter legendum a quibuſdam difcipulis maleuolis interimebatur, An. Chrifti, 884. 
q The ſane in Ezgliſb. 
2 Erigene a Byitane, deſtended of honourable patents, and borne in the Towne of S. Da⸗ 
uid iu Tales, ſeeing the Engliſhmen to be oppꝛelled with the warres and rapines of the cruel 
Danes, and all the land in a hurlie burlie, he in the meane time vndertooke a long iournex, euen 
as farre as Athens and there ſpent many peeres in the ſtudie of the Greeke, Chaldie, and Arabi⸗ 
au tongues:he there frequented all the places and {chooleg of the jabilofophers,and the oꝛatle al: 
ſo ck the Sunne, which AÆſculapius had built onto him ſelle. And hauing found at length that 
which he had with long trauell ſearched, he returned againe into Italie, and France, where for 
his linguler learning, he was nnich fauouted of the two Rings Charles and Lewes, and in his 
being there, he tranſlated into Latine the bookes of Dionyſius Areopagita concerning the Wea: 
uenly Dicrarchie, which were fent from Conttantinople in the verre 858. After this he came 
backe againe into his omne Countrey, aud was ſchoolemaſter onto Alphzed then Ring of Eng ⸗ 
land. and to bis lonnes: and vpon his renueſt, at his times of leaſirre, he tranflacen Arittotles o 
tales of the Secrets ok Secrets, m of the right gouernement of Hintes out of Greeke into theſe 
chyee tongues, Chaldie, Arabian, and Latine, Which be did verp erquifitely.Ac the lalt being in 
3 sev ee sham stp alge ndash ; 
bifputing and reading to the Students, Come mifliking and hating him, rofe agai 
bim and flue him inthe peere of Chritt,884, ; 34 iy 


.Erigena. 


gouernour of the 
die of 2100. Di⸗ 
of the Chꝛiſtian 
ne. De was a 
was it were altos 
iſtian Common 
gie ol that time, 


ough France, he 
made Mieſt by a 
to his name was 
nne, and might be 
might take away 
urned againe into 
e, who fauoured 
npottale from the 
nd other auchours 
es but being once 
pre honeſt, and fine 
enceftifiech in his 
n, 390. Maximus 


f fanum Dauidis, 
lis ac rapinis mo- 
ipſe peregrinatio- 
ræcis, Chaldaicis, 
a, ac ſtudia, imo & 
Inueniens tandem 
nem eruditionem, 
ros de cœleſti Hie- 
rofectus poſtea in 
ceptor, atque ipfo 
et Chaldaicam, A- 
oregimine Princi- 
reationis gratia fe 
„An. Chatte, 884. 


Towne of S. Da⸗ 
papines of the cruel 
long tourney , euen 
Chaldie, and Arabi: 
rs and the opacle al: 
found at length chat 
France, where for 
Lewes, and in his 
mterning the Deas 
Aſter this he came 


then King of Eng ⸗ 
ated Ariſtotles Mo⸗ 
of Greeke into theſe 


At che laſt. being in 


ttozding to his man 


ng bim, role againt 


The 


AW biteman,co'c. of the Englith nation. 


The trauailes of Andrewe Whiteman,alias 
Leucander, (entur. 2. 


/ 


Canuto Dano. ; 
q The fame in Englifh. 
A Ltutander, otherwiſe calied [ihiteman (as Leland reportech) was by yofeflion 
a Ponke, and the third Abbat ol the Abbie of Ramſie: he was exceedingly giuen to the ſtu 
die of good artes, taking paines therein day e night. and profited greatly thereby. Aud among 
all other things, he had an incredible delire to fee thoſe places with his eyes, wherein Chyiſt dur 
Sauiour perfourmeo and wought all the myſteries of our Redemption, the names of which 
places he onely knewe beloze by the reading of the Scripcures, MAbereupon he began bis tours 
ney, and went to Jeruſalem a witneſle of the miracles, preaching and pallisn of Chyiſt, and bee 
ing againe recurner into his Countrep , he was made the afozeſaide Abbat. He Mopithed in the 
peere ot Chpitt, 1020, vnder Canutus the Dane. ae 


The trauailes of one Athelarde an Englifhman, 
recorded by maſter Bale Centur. 2. 


Thelardus Bathonienfis Cznobij monachus, naturalium rerum mifteria, & cau- 
fas omnes, diligentid tam vndecunque exquiſit perſerutatus eft, vt cum aliqui- 
bus veteris feculi philoſophis non indignè conferri poſsit. Hic olim ſpectatæ in- 
dolis Adoleſcens, vt virente adhuc ætate iuuenile ingenium fœcundaret, atque 
ad res magnas pararet, relicta dulci patria longinquas petijt regiones. Cum verò 
Aegyptum &c Arabiam peragrans, plura inueniſſet, que eius deſiderabat animus, cum magno 
laborum, ac literarum lucro in Anglian tum demum reuertebatur. Claruit anno virginei par- 
tus, 11 30. Henrico primo regnante. J ‘e 
7 y The fame in Englifh. 
Thelard a Monłe of the Abbie of Bathe, was fo diligent a ſearcher of the ferretes,and caw 
3 of naturall things chat be deſerueth woꝛthely to be compared with ſome of the auncient 
Philotopbers. Shis man alcvough young , pet being ul a good twit, and being velirous to ine 
create and enriche the fame with the bef things, and ko prepare himlelle as it were fo} greater 
matters , left his Countrep fop a time, and trauailen into forreine Regions, Me went though 
Egypt, and Atabia, and found out many things which he defiren to his otune priuate contentmẽt, 
anv the pꝛoltte of good letters generaliy, and fo being Catiffien , returned agatne into his Cou 
trey she llozilbed in the yeere 11 30. Henry che firk being then King of England. 


The life and trauailes of one William of Tyre, 
an Engli{hman. (entur. 13. 


corum prior,natione Anglicus vit vita & moribus cõmendabilis, Anno. Dom. © 
1128. poftquam Tyrorum Ciuitas fidei Chriftianz reftituta eft a Guimundo 15 


Eft aistem Tyrus Ciuitas Antiquifsima, Pheniciæ vniuerſe Metropolis, que 
inter Syriz prouincias, & bonorum omnium pene cémoditate, & incolarum 


frequentia primum ſemper obtinuit locum: poft conferipta quædam opuſcula, & Epiſtolas ad 
Dotninum migrauit, An. Chrifti 1 130. quum duobus tantum fediffet annis, & in T yrenfi Ec- 


VVV 


After 


clefia ſepelitur. 


Lops ee ee vertuous and good 
3 


Vlielmus, Ecclefize Dominici ſepulehri Hieroſolymæ W Canoni- Hic etiam 
a 


Hyerololymorũ patriarcha, eidem vrbi primus Archiepiſcopus preficiebatur. rico primo, 


6 The trauailes and diſcoueries Noe. 


Claruit ſub 
Stephano. 


of Jeruſalem mane him the firk Archbilhop of Tyre, in the peere 1128. Tyre ia a bery ans 
clent Cégie, the Metropolis of all Phenicia, and hath bene acrompted ei of 
Opus, both fo freiefull connnodities and multitude of inhabitants. Chis in 
8 life witten many Bookes and Cpittles, died at lait in the yeere 1130. batting bene 
thoy the (pace of two peeres, and was buried in the Church ol Tyre, 


The trauailes of a certaine Engliſh man, whom: 
majter Bale remembreth in his 2.Centurie, and calleth 


him Robertus Ketenenſis. 

s 4 Obertus Ketenenſis natione & cognomine Anglus, deguſtatis primum per 
eAnglorum gymnaſia humanarum artium elementis literarijs, vltramarinas 
D & {tatim vifitare prouincias, in animo conſtituit: Peragratis ergo Gallijs, Italia, 
G Dalmatia,8 Græcia, tum demum peruenit in Aſiam, vbi non paruq labore, ac 
bP vita fux periculo inter Sarracenos truculentifsimum hominum genus, Ara- 
2B bicam linguam ad amufsim didicit. In Hifpaniam poſtea nauigio traductus, 
circa fluuium Hiberum Aſtrologicæ artis ſtudlo, eum Hermanno quodam Dalmata , magni 
ſui itineris comite fe totum dedit. Claruit anno ſeruatoris noſtri, 1143 Stephano regnante, & 

Papilonæ ſepelitur. : 

q The fame in Englifh. , 

Te Robert Ketenenfis, was called an Englithman bp fname , as he was by birth: who 
after fome time (pent in the foundations of humanitie, and in the elements of good Artes in 
the Uniuerſities of England, determined to trauaile to the partes beyond fea: and fo rrauaplen 
though France, Italie, Dalmatia, and Greece, and tame at latt into Alia, where hee linen in 
great danger of his life among the cruell Sarracens, but pet learned perfectly the Arabian 
tongue. Afterimards he returned by fea into Spaine, and there about the riuer Iberus, gaue him 


Atter that the Citie of Tyre was reſloped againe to the eee 


ſelk wholp to the ſtudie of Altrologie, with one Hermannusa Dalmatian, who hadaccompanicd 


him in his long voyage. he flozilhed in the peere 1143 Steuen being then King of England, 

and was buried at Papilona. 5 75 N 
The worthy voyage of Richard ee of England 
into Ajia, for the reconery of Ierufalem out of the handes of the 


Saracens , drawen out of the booke of Actes and Monuments of the 
Church of England, written by M. lohn Foxe. * 
Ing Richard the fir of that name, for his great valoure and courage 
ſymamed Cœur de Lion the fine of Henry the ſetond, after che death 


D 


zuſtatis primum per 
rarijs, vitramarinas 
ergd Gallijs, Italia, 
10 parua labore, ac 
minum genus, Ara- 
nauiꝑio traductus, 
m Dalmata, magni 
sphano regnante, & 


e was by birth: who 
ts Of good Artes in 
fea: and ſo trauapled 
i, where hee lined in 
erfectly the Arabian 
ter Iberus, gaue him 
pho had accompanied 
n King of England, 


England 
indes of the 


ents of the 


Re w fe not to falle, but 
oth che Riugs woulde 


el ofthis Realme 


co fox warde his four 


Wt 
. 
Da. 


al 


KiRicitber. of the Engliſn nation. 


and dominions,as be would bamſolſe defend bis owne Citie of Paris sf it were 
‘Richard King of England likewife foould ayde the French king in defending bis land and Do- 
minions no e then be would defend his owne Citse of Roan if it were . 


Concerning che lawes and opdinances appointed by Ring Richarde Cop his Mauie, the forme 
thereof was 


: andthat chard,an 


French king. 


7 
where the French hing ¢ be iopning togtther, fop the moze continuance of their tourney, allured 
chemſelues bp ſalemne orbe wearing lde litie one to the other: the forme ol whole oth was this. 
‘That citber of thes fran defend and maintaine the bun of the other and beare nns fielitie @ The othe of 
unto bims,of life, aber & worldly bonosr und that neither of them ſbould faile one the other fdelitie be- 
in their affatres : but the 1 the King of England 9 his lande tyne King 
* 


Rb 
the 


anders e 


is. 
1. That Din killed any perfon on fhipboard, ſhould be tyed with dim that was llaine, and The ge 


thꝛowen into a, 
2. And ik he killed him on the land he ſhould in like maner be tyed with che partic llaine, and 
be buried with him in the earth. * a 

3. he that ſhalbe conuicted by lawfull witnes to dꝛat out his knife op weapon to the intent 
to ſtrike auy man, oꝛ that hath ſtriken any to the daawing of blood, (hall loofe his hand. 

108 8 im seh ſtriketh any perſon with his hand without effufton of blood, ſhalbe plunged 
times in the ſea. N 

5. Item, who fo ſpeaketh any opprobrious oz contumelious wondes in reuiling oz curling 
one another, fo) {0 oſtentimes as he hath reuiled, hall pay fo many ounces of ſiluer. 

6. Item a thiefe oz felon that hath ſtollen heiug lawlully cduicted, ſhal haue his bead Home, 
and bopling pitch powꝛed vpon his head, and feathers o Dotune ſtrawed vpon the fame, wheteby 
he map be knowen, and fo at the fir landing — they (hall come to, there to be caſt vp. 
TChele things thus oꝛdered, King Richard fending his Mauie by the Dpanith ſeas, and by the 
Streits of Gibraltare, betweene Spaine and Africa h meete him at Marſilia, hee himſelle went 
as is ſaid to Vizeliace tothe French king. CEthich ewo kings from thence went to Lions, where 
the bzidge ouer the ſlood Rhodanus im preflt of people bade, and eng both men and women 
wert Drowned : by occafion whereof the two kings for the combpance of their traines, were com 
ſtrained to dilſeuer themſelues for time of their , appointing both to merte together in Si- 
cilyꝛand fo Philip the French king tooke his way th Genus, and king Richard to Marſilia, where 


he remained 8. dapes, appointing there his jRaute to meete bim. Fromthenee crolſing ouer to 
Genua twhere the F king was, palled lo ward by the coaſtes of Italp, aud entred into Tiber 
not farre from Rome. 


Hing Richard ſtaying in Marfilia 8, dayeg on his Nauie which tame not, bee there hired 20, 
Gallies, and 10. great barkes to ſhippe auer his men, and fo tame to Naples, and fo pattly by 
hozſe and wagon, F partly by the fea, paſling to Falernum, came to Calabria, where after that he 
had heard that his (hips were arriued at Meffana in Sicily, he made the mope ſpeen and (othe 23. 


. of September entred Meſſana with ſuch a noyſe of Crumpets and Shalmes, with ſuch a route 


and ſhe we, that it was to the great wonderment and terrour both of the Frenchmen, and al all 
other that did heate mm behold the light. site 
Co the fai to wne of Meſſana the French king was come before the 16,0f the fame moneth of 
September and hap taken vy che Wallace of Tancredus king of Sicily to his longing: to whom 
king Nichard after bis arriuall eftfoones reforted, and when the two kings had cömmuned torres 
ther immediatly the French king tooke ſhipping and entred che leas, thinking to ſaile towardes 
the land of Jerülalem: but after he was out of the hauen the winde riling contrary againtt him, 
retutnen bim backe againe to Meſſana. Then king Richard( whole lodging was prepared in the 
luburbs without che Citie) after he had reſonted againe and talked with the French king, and as 
ſo bad lent to Tancredus king of Sicily fo deliuerante of Loane bis liter ( uh had bene (ome: 
times Queene of Sicily, and had obtained her to be ent vuto him, the lalt vay of September pal 
fen otter the flowd del Fare, and eh gviting a teong bolo catfen de la Bapuatejle Bamare aun 
chere placing his fitter with a lufictent garrifpn he veturnen againe tu Meffana, st 
“Che 2, of October king Richard wan an other 


bold called Monaſterium Griffonum; 


ſitmted in the midit of the riuer del Fare, betwernt Meſſana g Calabria, from whente the Ponks 
bang ep eet f ze bn es pun t wee Ca 


The Citizens of Meſſana ſeein ities of Englann had wonne the cattle and Bland de 
and l 


laBapuare, anv alto the 5 leaſt the unn, 


the umg. 


8  Thetrauailesanddifcoucries K. Nie. tbe i. 


is power further to inuade their Citie,¢ get if he could the whole Alle of Sicily, hegan toſtirte P 
0 0 che Kings armie, and to ſhut the Eng lichmen out of che gates, and hepe their walles a 1 
gainſt them. The Englichmen ſeeing that, made to che gates, and bp foce would haue broken f 
them open, inlomuch that the Ring riding among them wich bis ft , ane breaking divers of P 
their heads, could not all wage their fiercenes, ſuch was the rage of che Cngitthmen againd the f 
citizens of Meſſana. Che King ſee ing the furie of his people to be fuch; that he could not Rap 1 
them, cooke boate, aud went to the pallace of King Tancred, to talke of the matter with the 1 
French Ring, in which meane time the matter was fo taken vp by the wile handling of the aune 1 
cients of the citie, that both parts laying Downe their armour, went home in peace. 

The fourth day of the lade moneth of October, came to Ring Richard the Archbithop of Meſ⸗ n 
ſana with two other Atchbithops alld with the French King, and ſundzy other Carles, Barons, my d 
and Bithops,to intreate of peace, who as they were together conſulting, aud had almoſt cont lu⸗ nt 
ded bpon the peace, the citizens of Meffana illiing out of the towne, ſome went bp vpon p mouns bi 
taines, ame with open fozce inuaved h manfion op lodging of Hugh Brune an Engliſh Captaine. : ti 
Chenoice whereof comming tu the earee ok the King, he luddenly breaking off tatke with the to 
French Ring and the retl,veparted from them. ad comming to his men commanded thems fopth- by 
with to arme themlelus. TAho then with certaine of his fouldicrs making vp to the toppe of the ft 
mountaine ( which lecmed to palle their powerto climbe) there put the Citizens to flight, chaling cr 
them downe the mountaines,onto che very gates of the citie, whom alfo certaine ofthe Rings fers gi 
wants purfued into the citie of mhomefiue valiant ſouldiers @tipenticof the Rings leruants were : ie 
llaine ihe French King looking vpon, and not once willing to reſtue them, contrary to his othe, te 
and league before made with the King of England: forche French Ring with his men being there 8 R. 
pꝛeſent, todein the middeſt ofthem ſakely, and without any harme to and fro, and might well haue ; ab 


tafen the Kings partie, mone then he if it had fa liken him. n 

This being kao wen to the Engliſh hott bowe their fellowes were ſlaine, and the Frenchmen 

permitted in the citie, and that they were excluded and the gates barred again them, being alſo 

ftopped from buying of victuall,¢ other things, they vpon great indignation gathered themfelues 

Hellma won in ar meg / malt open the gates, and foaled the wals and fo winning the citie , {ce vp thetr lags with 

bp rye Eugulh the Englith armes vpon the wals: which when the French King did lee, he was mightelp offens 
ded, requiring the Hing of England chat the Armes ol France might allo be ſet vp, ct loyned with 0 8 

his: but Ring Richard to that would in no caſe agree, notwithRanding to ſatilie his minde, he g che 

was contented to take done his Armes, and to commit the cuttodie of the citie tothe Hoſpitalla⸗ g bre 


ties aud Temp laries of Jeruſalenn til the time that Tancred king of Sicily and he ſhould agree all 
Thele things being done the lift and fire dap of October it followed then vpontheeight vay of ac 
the fame, that peace was concluded among the kings. In which peace, fir king Richard,¢Philip 


the French king renewed againe their othe and league before made, concerning their mutuall aide ag 
and ſocietie, during the time of that peregrination. bal 
Seconvlp,peace allo was concluded betweene king Richard and Tancred king of Sicily ae 


fopeſaid, with conditions that the daughter of Tancrede in cafe king Richard ſhould die without at 
pllue, ſhould be maried to Arthur Duke of Britaine the kings nephew ¢ next heire to his crown, fit: 
tobereof a foꝛmall charte was dawen, and letters ſent thereokto Pope Clement being dated the pe 
ninth of Nouember. thi 


From this time vntill Febꝛuary the next peere, cheſe two kings kept ſtill at Meſſana, either M 
fop lacke of winde and weather, x for the repairing of their ſhippes. And in the aldzelayde Fee we 
byuary,in the peere 1191. Ring Richard ſent ouer his gallies to Naples, there to meete bis mos ‘ 
ther Elinore, and Berengaria the daughter of Zanctius king of Nauarre, whome he was purpo⸗ f 2 


led to marcy, wha by chat time were come to Brunduſium, vnder the conduct of Philip Garle of k 
ann eee Naples ep kounde the kings ſhipyes wherein they ſayled to f ay 
Mefiana, : : . N 15 
An this meane ſpate, king Richard ſhemed himſelbe exceeding bounteous and liberall to all Ac 


men: to the French king Girt he gaue diners ſhippes, vpon others like wiſe he beſtowed riche 0 
rewardes, ann of his treaftire and goods, he diſtributed largely to his foulviers and ſeruants ae to 
bout him: ul whome it was reported, that he diltrihuted mode in one moneth, then any of his pre De 
decelloys did in a whole peer : bp reaſon tobereat he purchafen great loue and kauour, which not Be 
F lar vle and pꝛoſtte, as the ſe⸗ 8 ! 
afterward le 

Thee nap ot Barc ing, he Letethe Citi of Metts » where the French Ring was, 
and 


V, ab Li An W EN N 


Waly 
—e 


Nic. the i. 


U ing of the ats 
Ace. 

chbithop of Meſ⸗ 
Carles, Barons, 
ad al moſt conclus 


e of the Kings fers 
xs ſeruants were 
atrarp to his othe, 
is men being there 
d might well haue 


the Frenchmen 
them, being alfo 
athered themſelues 
pp thett flags with 
vas mightely offen: 
t vp, & toyned with 
atiftie his minde he 
ie tothe Voſpitalla⸗ 
md he ſhould agree 


pontheeigbt day ol 
g Richard, Philip 
g cheit mutuall aide 


ed king of Sicily ae 
d ſhould die without 
theire to his crown, 
ent being dated the 


lat Meſſana, eicher 

nthe alddelapde Fee 

5 
e f 

2 Philip Ele of 

herein they {aplen to 


in and Uberatlto all 
fe he beſtowed riche 
piers and ſeruants ar 


K. Rec. the 1. of the Engliſh nation. 9 
aun went to Cathneia, a Citic where Tancredus king of Sicily then lap, where he was honoza 
bly teceiuen, ann chert remained with king Tancredus tinee dapes and thee nightes. On the 
fourth day when be ſhould depart, the afoꝛelaid Tancredus offted him manp rich pꝛeſents in gold 
and ſiluer, and precious filkes, whereof king Richard would receiue nothing. hot one little ring 
for a toben of his good will: fa; the which king Richard gaue agatne vnto hum a riche ſwoꝛd. At 
length when king Richard Hout take his leaue, king Tancred would not let him fo depart, but 
needes would giue hem 4. great ſhippes, and 15. gallies, and furthermoze he himlelle would 
needes actompanie him the {pace of two dapes iournep, to a place called Tauernium. 

Then the next moꝛning when they ſhould take their leaue, Tancredus declared vnto him the 
mellage, which the French Ring a little before had ene vnto him by the Duke of Burgundie, 
the contents thereof was this: That the King of England was a falſe Trapytour, and would 
heuer keepe the peace that was betweene them: and if the ſaid Tancredus would warre againſt 
him, oz ſecretly by night would inuade him, he with all his power would aflift him, to the deſtruc⸗ 
tion of him and all his armie. To whom Richard the Ring pꝛoteſted againe, that he was no traps 
tour, no neuer was: and as touching the peace begunne betwixt them, the fame ſhould neuer be 
bꝛoken thꝛough him: neither could he belecue chat the French King being his good loꝛd, and his 
ſwoꝛne Compartner in that voyage, would veter any ſuch woꝛdes by him. Wihich when Tan- 
credus heard, he bꝛingeth fooꝛth the letters of the French Ring, ſent to him by the Duke of Bur- 
gundie, affirming mozeouer, that ifthe Duke of Burgundie would dente the bainging ol the fain 
letters, he was ready to trye it with him by any of his Dukes. Ring Richard receauing the let⸗ 
ters, and muling not a little vpon the ſame, returneth againe to Meſſana. The fame day that 
Ring Richard veparted, the French king came to Tauernium to {peake with Tancred, and there 
abode with him that night, anv on the mozrowe returned to Meſſana againe. 

Fromthat time Ring Richard moued in ſtomacke againſt Ming Philip, neuer ſhewed any 
gentle countenance of peace ¢ amitie, as he before was wont: whereat the French king greatly 
marueiling, and enquiring earneſtly what ſhould be the cauſe chereof, woꝛd was ſent him againe 
by philip Carle of Flanders from King Richard, what wordes he had ſent to the king of Sici- 
ly and for teſtimonie thereof the letters were fhewed , which he wrote by the Duke of Burgun- 
die to the Ming of Sicily: which when the French King vnderſtood, firk he helde his peace as 
guilty in his conſcience, not knowing well what to anflwere, At length turning his tale to anos 
ther mat er, he began to quarrell with King Richard, pretending as though he fought caules to 
bꝛeake with him, aud to maligne him: and therefore he longer (laid he) theſe lies vpon him, and 
all becauſe he bp chat meanes would auoide to marrie with Alife his ſiſter, accopding as he had 
pꝛomiſed. Adding moreouer that if he would fo doe, and would not marrie the fain Alife his fitter 
according to his othe, he would be an enemie to him, and to his, while he liued. 

Tothis King Richard {aid againe, that he could by no meanes marry that woman, foꝛſomuch 
as his father had carnall copulation with her, and allo had by her a ſonne: for proofe whereof he 
had there prefentlp to bring forch diuers e ſundzy witneſſes tothe Kings fate, to tettifie with him. 

In concluſton, chꝛough counſell and perſwaſion of viuers about the French Ring, agreement 
at laſt was made, ſo that Ring Philip did acquite King Richard from this bond of marrying his 
liter, and Ring Richard againe ſhould be bound to pay to him euery peere for the {pace of flue 
peeres, two thouſand markes, with tertaine other conditions befives , not greatly materiall fo 
this place. And thus peace being betweene them coucluded the 28, day of the ſaide moneth of 
arch, the French Ring launching out of the Hauen of Meſſana, the 22 day after inthe Eater 
weeke, came with his armie to the ſiege of Achon. 

Alter the departure of the French King from Meſſana, King Richard with his armie pet ree 
maining behind, arriued Queene Alinor the Rings mother, bringing with her Bernegera the 
king of Nauars daughter, to be eſpouſed to King Richard: which being done, King Nichard in 
April following, about the 20. day of the ſaid moneth, departed from the Hauen ol Meſſana with 


150. great ſhippes, and 5 3. great gallies well manned and appointed, tooke his iourney toward he Manieor 
Achon: who being vpon the Seas on good Friday about the 9. houre , roſe a mightie South n rden 


winde with a tempeſt, which diſſeuered aud ſcattered all his Mauie, fome td one place, and fome 
to another. The King with a fewe ſhiypes was dziuen to the Ile of Creta, and there before the 
hauen of Rhodes caſt anker. The ſhippes that cariep the Rings ſiſter, Queene of Sicily, aud 
Bernegera the king of Nauars vaughter, with 2. hippes were dziuen +o the Ile of Cyprus. 

Che king making great mone for the Hippes of his fitter, and Bernegera his wife that Motte 
be not knowing where they were become , after the tempelt was ouerblowen, fent foorth bis 
Gallies diligenclp to ſeeke che rek of his Nauie diſherſed, but efpeciallp the ſhippe wherein his 

ſiſter 


The trauailes and diſcoueries Nec. che i. 


fitter was, and the mapden whom he ſhould marie, who at length were found fate and merrie at 
the porte of Lyne the le ol Cyprus, notwithManbding the two other ſlippes which were 
in tbeir companie before in the fame hauen, were dꝛowner wich diners of che Kings ſeruants 
and men of woyſhip, among whom was M. Roger, called Malus Catulus, the Rings Uicechan · 
telour, who was found with the Rings ſeale hanging about his uecke, i 

Che king of Cyprus, was then Lfakius(catlen alfo the Emperour of the Gryffons tuho tooke 
and impꝛiſoned all Euglübmen, which bp hiptopacke were talt vpon his land, alfo inuegled in⸗ 
to his hands the goods and pꝛiſes of them were found owned about his coaſtes, neither 
would ſuffer the ſhippes wherein the two Ladies were to enter within the poꝛte. 

The tydings ol chis being bought to King Richard, he in great wꝛach gathering his gal 
lies and ſhippes together, boddeth che land of Cyprus, where he litſt in gentle wile fignifiech to 
king Ifakius, hom he with his Eng lilbmen, comnung as ſtrangers tothe ſuppoꝛtation of the ho⸗ 
ly land, were by vittrelle of weather vꝛiuen vpon his bounds , and therefore with all humble pee 
tition beſought him in Gods behalfe, and for reuerence of the holy Croſſe, to let goe ſuch pꝛiſo · 
ners of his as he havin captinitie,¢ to reltoze againe h goods of them that were dꝛowned, which 
he detayned in his hands, to be emplopen foꝛ the behooke of their ſoules. Andchis the king once, 
twile, ann thyiſe deſired of he Emperour: but he proudly aulwering agatne, ſent the king wonde, 
that he neither would let the captities goe, noꝛ tender the goods of them which were mowned. 

Then king Richard heard this, how ligbt the Emperour Iſakius made of his fo humble and 
bonet petition, and howe that nothing toulde be gotten without violent force; eftfoones giueth 
commandement throughout all his boſte to put themſelues in armour and followe him, tares 
uenge the iniuries recetued of that pꝛoude and truell king of Cyprus, willing them to put their 
truſt in God, and not to mildoubt but that the Loe would ſtand with them, aud giue them the 
victozie. The Emperour in the meane time with his people ſtood warding the Dea coaſtes, 
where the Eng lihmen ſhould artiue, with fworwes, billes, and launces, and ſuch other weapons 
as they had, ſetting booꝛdes, ſcooles, and cheſtes before them ag a wall: few of them were harnel⸗ 
ſed and for the moſt part all vnexpert and vn kilknll in che feates of warre. a 
- Chen king Richard with his ſouldiers ilſuing out of heir ſhips Girt fet his bowe men beſqze, 
who with their ſhot made a way fo2 others to follo we. The Engliſhmen thus winning the land 
vpon them, fofiercelp pꝛeſſed vpon the Gryffons , that after long fighting and manp blowes, at 
lalt che Emperour was put to fight, whom king Richard valiantly purfued, and flue many, and 
diuers he tooke aliue, and had gone neere alſo to take the Cmperour, had not che night come on 
and parted the battell. And thus king Richard with much ſpoile. and great victoie, returning to 
the porte Towne of Lymſzem, which the Comes men had lett for feare, found there great a: 
bundance of come, wine, ople and victuals. Yh 

Che day after che wrctopie gotten, Ioannathe Kings fitter,and Bemegera the mayden, entred 
the Ponte and Tobont of Lymſzem, with 50. great thips,and 1.4. gallicts: ſo that all che whole: 
Nauie there meeting — — 254. tall hippes, and aboue thee {tope galliots. Then Iſa- 
kius the Emperour, ſeeing no way for him tu eſtape by Sea, the fame night pitchen his teuts 
fue miles off from ehe Engliſharmp, wearing chat the chirn vay after, he would ſurely giue bate 
tell to king Richard: but he pꝛeuenting him before, ſuddenly che fame mowing before the day ol 
battell ſbould be, ierteth vpon the tentes ofthe Gryffons early in the moming , they being wnat 
wares and aflecpe,and made ok them a great laughter, inlomuch that che Emperour was faine 
to runne away naked leauing his tents and pauilions to the Eng liſhmen full of holes and riche 
trealure, alſo withthe Imperiall danderd, the lower part whereof with a toſtly itreamer was 
1 9 all with 7 

ing TD returning with bictopie andtriunsph to his liſter, aud Bernegera (hoptly after 
inthe moneth of May next kollobung, and the 12. day ofthe ſaid —— {aid Berne- 
gera daughter of Rancon king of Nauarre,inthe ple of Cyprus at Lymſzem. 

» Che king of Cyprus ſeeing himfetfe ouermarchen , wag driven at length to peelde bimſelfe 
wich conditions to give king Richard 20000, markes in gold fo}. amends of fuch fpoples as be 
had gotten of chem that were owned, allo to rettore all the captines agatue to the Ring: ann 
Furchermoye, he in bis one perfon to actende vpon the ing toche land ok Jerulalem in Gods 
{ernice and his with 400. baplemen,and $00, fodtemen: in pledge whereot de would giue to his 
bands his taſtles, and his onely daughter, and would bold his kingdome ol him. 

CTbis done, and the Emperour ſwearing fivelitie to king Richard before Guido king of Jeru 
falem, and che ppince of Antioche (lnbo tuere come hither to king Richard a lttle before) peare 
boas taken, and Ifakius committed tu the bade of certaine keepers. Rotwuithitansing choxlp abs 

ter 


Mo eer tr 


NI. 


e ae Ee 
V HENS 5 
. Aa 


u, ab vi, M WI INO MOD N d, „ 


Nec. ebe i. 


nd fafe and merrie at 

ſlippes, which were 

the Kings ſeruants 

be Rings Uicechan · 
i 


ryffons) ho tooke 
d, alſo inuegled in: 
t his coattes, neither 
Date, 
gathering his gal 
tle wiſe fignifieth to 
pportation of the ho⸗ 
with all humble pe⸗ 
to let goe ſuch ppifoe 
ere dio wned, which 
dthis the king ouce, 
ent the king woꝛde, 
ch were mowned. 
of bee 4 bumble es 
ce, eftfoones 
followe reli — 
ng them to put their 
aud give them the 
ng the Sea coaſtes, 
ſuch other weapons 
of them were harnel⸗ 


is bowe men beſme, 

8 winning the land 
nd many blowes, at 
and Aue manp, and 
ot the night come on 
dictozie, returning ta 
found there great a. 


the mayden, entred 
ſothat all the whole: 
galliots. Then Iſa- 
rhe piechen his tents 
ould ſurely rine bat. 
ing before the vap ol 
ng, they being unas 
mperour was faine 
ll ot hoꝛſes and riche 
coſtly ſtreamer was 


megera (hontlp after 
ried the ſaid Berne- 


n. 

b to peelde himſelfe 
of fuch ſpoyles as he 
ie to the King: an 
Jeruſalem in Gods 
he giue to his 
‘te betge) gere 
4 peace 
want Coo af 


K-Reaber. ofthe Engliſh nation. ; 


ter he bpeaking from bis » was againe at defiance withthe Ring: whereupon king Ri⸗ 
chard beſetting the Nand of Cyprus round about with ſhippes and gallles, did in uch ſont pres 
waile,chat the Subiects of che land were tonſtratnen to yeelde themſe lues to the Ring, and at laſt 
the daughter of the Emperour, and the Emperdur himſelle, whom king Richard caulen to be 
kept in fetters ol gold and finer, anv to be ſent to the cilie of Tripolis. 

Tbhpele things thus done, and all ſet in wer 
keeping whereof he tommitted to Radulphe ſonne of Godfryc Lom Chamberlaine 


touching the polleſſion of the Ile ee 75 
being then 


Il 


Lode 
nbertaine 
of ing Ki- 


Che fir® day of June vpon the fit afthe fatde moneth, king Richard departed from the Fle or Cy- chard, ‘eft gns 


prus, with bis teppes and gallies totuard the liege of Achon , and on chenext moprotue lame do Cpu. 


Tyrus, where by procurement of the French Ring he was retrained by the Citizens to enter. 
Che next day alter, which was the ſirt vap o June, crolling the ſeas, he met with a great barke 


taught with ſouddiers and men of warre to the number of a chouſand and fiue hundzed, which 


pꝛetending to be Frenchmen, and ſetting foonth theit llagge with the French Armes, were in 
peeve Sarratens, ſecretly ſent with wilde fire and certaine barrels of vnknowen ferpents to the 


vefenſe of the towne of Achon, which King Richard at length perceiuing, eftſoones fet vpon great Oppel 


chem and fowarquithen them, of whomethe molt were downed anvfome taken aliue: which ken dp Ang 


being once knowen in the citie of Achon, as it was a great diſcomfoꝛt tu them, ſo it was a great MbarD. 


helpe to the Chyiſtians for winning the citic. 


The next day after which was the feuenth of Sune Ning Richard tame to Achon , which at anch ar n 
that time had bene long beſieger by the Chꝛiſtians. After whole comming it was not long but chon. 


the Pagans within the citie, ſeeing their wals to be vndermined and towers ouerthꝛowen, were 
dʒiuen by compoficion to eſcape with life and limme to ſurrender the citie to the two kings. 

Another great helpe to the Chypittians in winning the citie, was this. Jnthe fain city of Achon 
there was a ſetrete Chꝛiſtian among the Sarracens, who in time of the flere ehereof, bed at fun: 
dy times to caſt ouer the wals into the tampe of the Chniſtians, certaine bils written in Pebzue, 
Greeke, and Latine, wherein he diſcloled to the Chꝛiſtians from time to time, the doings and 
tounſels of the enemies, aduertiling them how and what way they ſhould tworke, aud what to bes 
ware, and alinaies his letters began thus. In nomine Patris, & Filij, & Spiritus ſancti, Amen. By 
reafon whereof the Chꝛiſtians were much aduantaged in their proceedings: but this was a great 
heauines Unto them that neither he would vtter his name, nop when the citie was got din theye⸗ 
ner vnverſtand who he was. 

So make of a long ſiege a hope narration. Upon che twelfth pap of July che peere afopefaiv, 
the Mintes and Captaines ofthe Pagans, vpon agreement reforten to the tent of the Templa 
ries to committe wich the two kings touching peace, and giuing vp oktheir citie: the fozme of 
which peace was thus. 


1 That the Rings thouto haue the ritte ol Achon freely md fully delmered tonto hem, tnith Khe forme of 
peace conciu⸗ 


all which was therein. 

2 That 500. captiues of the Chꝛiſtiaus ſhould be reſtozen to them, which were in Achon. 

3 That the holy croſſe ſhould be to them rendꝛen, and a thouſand Chuſtian captiues with 
two hundꝛeth hoꝛſemen, whoſoeuer they themſelues would chole out ot all them which were in 
the power of the Salavine. 

4 Thatthey would gine vnto the Kings two hundzech choufand Byfants gf that they them⸗ 
ſelues ſhould remaine as pledges in the Rings hands, for the perfoꝛmance hereok, that ik in fortie 
daies the afoꝛeſaide couenantes were not accompliſhed, they ſhoulde abide the Rings mercie tou 
ching like and limme. 

Theſe couenantes being agreed vpon, the Kings ſent their ſouldiers and ſeruants into the ct: 
ti to take a hundneth ofthe richeſt and bett of the citie to cloſe them vp in towers vnder ſtrong kee 
ping andthe relidue they tommitted to be kept in houſes and in ſtreetes, miniſtring vnto them ace 


ded 
At 


yon, 


toꝛding to their neceſſities: to whome not withſtanding this they permitted, that fo many of them 


as would be baptized and reteiue the faith ol Chul, ſhould be free to goe whither they would: 
whereupon many there were of the Pagans, which fo feare of death pretended to be baptised, but 
afterward ſo ſoone as they could reuolted againe to che Saladine: forthe which it was alter ward 
commanded by the Rings chat none of them Mould be baptrzed againſt their wils. 

The thirteenth day of the {aide moneth of July Ring Philip of France, and Ring Richard, af. 
ter they had obtained the polleſſion of Achon, deuided betweene them all things therein contained 
as well the people as golde and ſiluer, with all other furniture whatſoeuer was remaining in the 
citie: mo in deuiding the ſpoile, were lo good caruers to themſelues that the Knights and Ba 
rong had but litle to their Hate, whereupon they began to ſhewe themlelues dilconten· 
ted 


hangs at 
the nern of 


5 
| 
4 1 


. nop ty 


ae, % , ere, dre : 
- fo Sh oo a 17 — A 4 +e? 8 7 5 


~~ 
— 


N 5 ! * . . e | 
12 The trauailes and diſcoueries K Ne. the i. 


—— — — H ä—V——— 
which being knowen of the Rings chey ſent them anſ were that their mils ſbould be fact lien. 
1 papof July, King Richard {peaking with the French Ring, defiee him chat 

theytwo with their armies, would Linde themſelues bp othe to remaine there ail in the land of Ze. 

ruſalem the fpace eee eee eee 

ſaid he would fweate no ſuch othe, end ſo the next day after Ring x bith bis wile aud fitter 

eutreth into the Citie of Achon, and there placed himſelfe in the Ring pallace: The Frenchking 

dane en ee ee e en ob that monet. 


he ane 
Ae thames tore 


kunt peaped the piedges lelt with bim at Achon;thep would choppeott the heads offuch captiues ofthe 


n, Chiftiang.as were in thetr handen. f n 
Pa Shortly akerthis che Saladine fending great gifts to king Richard, requetted the time limited 
for beheading of the captiues to be prorgen, but che king refulen to take his gifts, and to graunt 
his requeft, whereupon the Saladine cauſed all the Chuiſtian captiues within his polſellion forth. 
wicht beheaden which was the 29. of Augutt: which albeit king Richard vnderſdoode pet bould 
not he pꝛeuentthe time before limiter an the exerution of bis prifoners, being the 20, day of Au · 
Checaptines guts vpon which day hee cauſed che pꝛiſoners of the Saracens openly in the fin ht of the Saladines 
oftheSarras axmit to Iooſe their heads ꝛthe number ol whom came to two thoufand and fine hundzeth ſaue only 
cous hance chat certnine of the principal of them hee referued fm purpoles and confiderations, eIpetiaſty to 
make exchange forthe holy Croſſe . and certaine ocher of the Chyitiancaptines, 103 
Afrerthis hing Richard purpu ledto beſiege the Citie ol Ioppe, hett by the way bet weene A- 
chon and loppe, neere to a totune called Affur, Saladine witha great multitude of his Saratens 
tame fiercely anainttche kings rereward. but through Gods mercifull grace in the fame battail, 
the warriers acquited themſelues ſo well, that the Saladine was put to flight, whome the 
the {pace of z miles, and loft that ſame day many of his Mobles e C aptaines, 


’ spurfued 
en- in fuel fort (as it was thought) that the Saladine was not put to ſuch confiulion 40, peeres befope, 


eme. and but one Chuſtian Captaine called Tames Auernus in that conflict was ouerthpowen, 


Fronithente king Richard proceeding further went to Ioppe, andthen to Aſcalon, where hee 
found firtt che Citie ol loppe fonſaken of the Saracens, who durſt not abide the kings comming: 
Alſcalon, the Saladine thew vomne to the ground, ¢ like wiſe fonſooke the whole lande of Sypia, 
+ ghouph all which land the Ring had free pallage without reſiſtance: neither burt the Baracene 
Ringkkichard Punt entounter after that with K. Richard. Ok all which his atchenances the laid R. Richard 
Sen. fent his letters of certificate as wel imo England, as alſo to the Abbotof Clara valle in France, 
well hoping d he God willing ſhould be able to make his reyaire againe to them by Eater next. 
Many other fignous acts were done in this voyage by hele two Rings, and moe ſhould haue 
bent, had not they falling into viltoꝛde diſleuered themſelues, by realon whereof Philip che 
French king returned home againe within Chore ſpare: oho being returned againe eltldones 
inuaden the Countrey of opmandle, exciting allo John the bꝛother ol king Richard, to take on 
him the kingdome of England in his bꝛothers ablence: wbo then made league vpon the fame 
1193. mich the Freuch king. and did homage vnto him, which was about the fourth peere of king Ri- 
charde. Cibo then being in Syria, and hearing thereof, made peace with the Turkes fop chee 
umantthard Detreg : and unt long after. king Nichardthe next {pring following returned alſo, who in his ree 
rerumneth from turwe miuen by diſtreſſe of weathe rc about the parts ak Hiſtria, ina tone callev Synaca, was 
Wale. there taben by Lympold, Duke uf che fame countrey, and ſa ſolde to the Emperdur for lirtie 
aera 5 en fop no {mall iop thereof, witeth to Philip the French king, chete letters 
ere g. ; 
The letter ofthe Emperour to Philip the French king, 
rt concerning the taking of King Richard. 
Enrico Dei gratia Romanorum Imperator c. fen e e eciali amico fio, 
H= eee Regi ſalutem, &. Tnceiadle jens affeltum, 2 e. 
, storia 


6 hey DD vet 

xthe 20, dayof Au · 
ht of the Saladines 
hundꝛeth ſaue only 


arch 

\fcalon, where hee 
e kings comming: 
le lande of Dypria, 
urſt che Baracene 
he ſaid R. Richard 
a valle in France, 
mbp Cater next. 
d moe ſhould haue 
hereof Philip the 
againe eftfoones 
Richard, to take on 
ue vpon the fame 
peere of king Ri- 
Turkes fo) thꝛee 
Ifo, who in his ree 
len Synaca, was 


mperour fop ſirtie 
hing, thele letters 
85 

ſpeciali amico fie, 


QO noniam Impera-· 
teria 


— 


K ‘Rich.the 1. of the Englifh nation. 


toria Celſuudo non dubitat Regalem Magmificentiam tuam letiorem eſſici, de vmimerſis quibus omni- 


potentia creatoris nostri nos ipſos, & Romanum Imperium honoranerit, & exaltanerit nobilitati tus 
tenore præſentium declarare duximus, quod inimicns Imperi noſtri, & turbator Regni tui Rex An- 
gise quam effet in tranfeundo mare ad partes fuasrener{urus, accidit vt ventusrupta nani ſute, in qua 
splecratinduceret eum in partes Hiftria ad locum qui eſt inter Aquiciam & Venetias, Voi Rex, Dei 
permiffione paſſus nanfraginm cum pancis euaſit. 5 i 

Quidam itaque fides noſter Comes,Maynardus de Groorce, & populus regionis slim pndito qu 
in terra erat, & conſiderato diligentins,qualem, Nomsnatus Rex in terra promiſſionis, prodittamem c 
traditionem, & perditionis fas cumulumexercuerat, infecuti ſunt, intendentes eum captiuare. Ipo au- 
tem Rege in fugam conuerſo, ceperunt de fuss otto milites : Poftmodumproceffit Rex al Burgum in 
Archiepifcopatu Salfeburgenfi, qui vocatur Friforum, vbi Friderscusde Betefow, Rege cum tribus. 
tantum verſiu Auſtriam properante,notlu ſer milites de ſuus ceepit : Dilectus autem Confangninens 
voffer Lympoldus Dux Austria, obfernata ſtrata ſapè, dictum ‘Regem iurta Denam in villa vici- 
niori, in domo dei pecta captiuauit. f 

Cum itaq; in noſtra nunc habeatur Poteſtate, & ipſc. ſemper tua molefanit, & turbationis operam 
freſtiterit ta que præmiſi mus, nobilitati tus inſinuare curauimuu: ſcienter ea dilectiom tua beneplaci- 


ta exiſtere, animo tuo d berrimam importare letitiam. Datum apud Ritheonntum f. Kalendat Janua. 


King Richard being thus traiteroully taken, and fold ta the Emperour by the Duke ol Au- 
ſtridge fox oOo. markes, was there kept in tuſtodie a peeve and 3. moneths. 3 N 
Fu Come Copies it is affirmed, chat King Richard retutuing out of Aſia came to Italy with phos 
ſpetous winde, where he deſired of the Pope to be ablolucd of an othe mave againſt his will aud 
could not obteine it: and fo ſetting out from thence towards Englat palling by the Cou: trey 
of Conradus the Marques, whole death (he being Maine a lide before) was falfly imputed by the 
French King to the King of Englande, there traiteroully was taken (as is afdꝛeſaide) by Lim- 
poldus duke of Auſtridge. te 1203177 
Albeit in another opie F finde the matter moꝛe credibly fet ſoꝛth: which faith thus. That king 
Richard ftewe the bꝛotherofthis Limpoldus, plaping with him at Chelle in the French kings 
Court: and Limpoldus taking his vantage, was ntoze ctuel againſt him and deliuered him (as is 
ſaide) to the Emperour. In whole cultodie he was deteined during the tinte aboue mentioned, a 
verre gs ;. moneths. During which time of the Rings enduramte the French King in the meane 
feafon ſtirred warre in Nonnandie: and Carle John the Rings bꝛothet, mave irre aud inuaded 
England, but the Barons and biſhops of the land mag helly wichlcood hint, Anata 
At length it was fo agreed and concheded with the Emperdur, that King Richard ſhould be res 


leaſed fa a hundꝛeth and foure thouſand pound:of which money part ſhould remaine to the Duke 


of Auſtridge . the teſt ſhould be the Emptrours. The ſunnne of which money was hete gatheren 
and made in England al bee cn en ce icks and other Church plate, alſo 
with pub like contribution ok Friers, Abbots, and ocher ſübiects oF the Nealme: whereof part 
was pꝛeſently paid, and fa; the reſidue remayning, hoſtages ann pledges were taken, which was 
about the fift peere of his reigne: and then it was obceined of the Pope, that Pꝛieſtes might celes 
inate with Chalices of latten and tinne. tobi 
At what time this afoꝛeſarde money was papn, andthe hoſtages giuen for the ranſome of the 

Ring. I haue an olde hillozie which ſaith, that the aloꝛeſaid Duke of Auſtridge was ſhoꝛtly after 
plagued by God, with 5 ſundꝛy plagues, 

Firſt, with the burning of his chiefe Townes. 

2. Mich dꝛowning of terme thouland of his men in a floun happening no man tan tell how. 

3. By turning all the eares o his come ſielde into woꝛmes. 

4. By taking away almoſt all the Nobles of his land by death. a 

J. By bzeaking his owne lege falling from his hoale, which legge hee was compelledto 
cut off with his owne hands, and afterwerdes dier e who then at his death is repoꝛted 
to foꝛgiue Ring Richard 50000, mark nd lent honte the holtages that were with him. A np fies 
tber a certaine booke intituled Eulogium veclareth tliat p fait Limpoldus duke of Auſtridge fell 
in diſpleaſure with che biſhop ol Rome and died excommimitate the next veere aſter, Anno 1196. 

But thus as vou haue heard, Richarv the Ring was tanfomen ¢ deliuered from the couetous 
captiuitic of the Emperour, and returning home made an ende of his voyage for Aſia which was 
both honourable to himſelfe and to all Chpittian States, but to the Sarracens the enemies of 
is Hiſtotie of King Richards voyage to very excellently and 
written in Latine by Cilicia Nevbigefscurome siren, 10 
i] * e 


tuſt 
. 


W 


Thetrauailesanddifcoueries Balaw. Deuon. 


The life and trauailes of Baldwinus Deuonius, ſome- 
time Archbifhop of ( anterburie. 


Aldwinus Deuonits,tenus loco Exceftrig natus, vir ore facundus, exactus Phi- 
5h loſophus, &c ad omne ftudiorum genus perillos dies aptiſſimus inueniebatur, 
Scholarum rector primum erat: tum poſtea Archidiaconus, eruditione ac ſa- 
pientia in omni negotio celebris: fuit preterea Ciftercienfis Monachus, & 
0 Abbas Fordenfis Cænobij, magnus ſuorum æſtimatione, ac vniuerſæ eorum 
IB focictati quaſi Antefignanus : fuit deinde Wigornienfis præſul, fuit & mortuo 
demum Bichardo Cantuariorum Archiepiſcopus ac totius Angliz primas. Cui muneri Bald- 
winus ſollicitè inuigilans, egregium fe paſtorem exhibuit, dominicum ſemen, quantum patie- 
batur eius tem poris iniquitas, vbique locorum ſpargens. Richardus Anglorum Rex, ae 
cuncRegni infignijs,fummo ftudio claffem,ac omnia ad Hieroſolymĩtarum bellum gerendum 
neceſſaria parauit. Secutus eſt illico Regem in Syriam, & Paleſtinam vſque Baldwinus, vt effet 
in tam Sancto ( vt ipfe putabat itinere) laborum, dolorum, ac periculorum partic eps. Præfuit 
CantuatienfiEcclefiz fere 6.annis, & Richardum Regem in Syriam ſecutus, anno Salutis no- 
fre 1190. Tyri vitam finiuit,vbi & ſepultus eft. 
Tbe fame in Englifh. 
Aldwine a Deuonthire man boyne in Exeter of meane parentage, was a very eloquent man, 
an exatt Pbiloſopher, and in thole vayes very extellent in all kinde of ſtudieg. Ve was irk of 
alla Scholemaſter: afterwars he became an Archdeacon, very famous for his learning ¢ wife: 
dome in all his doings. He was allo a Ciſtercian Ponke and Abbot of Foorde Monaſterie, and 
che chiele of all tbole that were of his oꝛder she grewe after this to be biſhop of CCloꝛreſter, aud at 
laſt after the death of King Richard he iwas promoted and made Archebithop ol Canterburie, and 
Primate of all England. In the diſtharge of which place hee being very vigilant , hewed him⸗ 
teile a wonthy Watton, ſowing the (cede of Gods top in euery place as karre tooꝛth as the iniquts 
tie ol that time permitted. In his time King Richard with all indeuour prepare a Fleece and all 
things necetTarie fo; waging of warre agaialt che Jufvels at Jeruſalem, taking with him the 
Standerd and Enlignes of the king dome. Chis Bald wine eftfoones followed the King into Sy- 
nia and Paleftine, as one deſitont to be partaker of his crauailes, paines, and perils in ſo holp a 
voyage. he was Archbiſtoy of Canterburie almot fire peered : but hauing folo wen the King in⸗ 
to Sytia, in che peere 1190. he dien at Tyre where he wag alſo buried. ö 


An annotation concerning the trauailes of the ſaid 
Baldwine, taken out of Ponticws Verumnius,in his Itine- 
rarium Cambria, Ib. a. Cap. 1. Fol. 229. 
ö | iis ptimos Thome Becketi, fucceffor hic fecundus, audita faluatoris & ſalutiferæ Crucis 
injuria noftris(proh dolor) diebus per Saladinum irrogata, cruce fignatus,in eiuſdem obſe- 
quijs tam remotis finibus quam propinquis,pradicationis officium viriliter affumpfit.Et poſt- 
modum iter accipiens,nauigioque fungens apud Marfiliam tranſcurſo tandem Pelagi profun- 
do, in portu Tyrenſi incolumis applicuit: & inde ad exercitu™ noftrum obſidentem pariter & 
obſeſſum Aconem tranſiuit: vbi multos ex noſtris inueniere, & ferè cunctos princ ipum defe- 
cdu in ſumma deſolatione iam poſitos & defperatione, s juidem longa expectatione fati- 
ne fame & inopia grauiter afflictos, quoſdam verò aeris inclementia diftemperatos, 
iem feeliciter in terra ſacra clauſurus extremum, ſingulos pro poſſe vinculo chatitatis am- 
plectens, ſumptibus & impenſis, verbis, & vitæ meritis confirmauit. 
I. Te fame in Englifh, 
Tee the lecond lutcellour vnto Thomas Becker, after he had hard the wrong 
which was done to our Sauiour, and the ligne of the Crolle by Saladine the Sultan of €- 
gype taking vpon him che Lords Character, hee couragioufly perfourmen his office of pꝛeaching 
in che obedience thereof, as well in farre diſtant Countreis ag at home. And afterwardes taking 
his iourney and imbarking himſelle at Marſillis, hauing at length paſledthe Leuant Sea arriued 
fafelp in the Hauen of Tyrus, and from thence went ouer to Achon vnto our armie, beſieging the 
Totune, and yet (as be were) beſiegen it felfe, There finding many of our Countreymen, and 
almolt all men remayning in wonderfull penfuenes, and diſpaire through the withdꝛawing Jo 
e 


aldw.Deuon. 


us, ſome- 


cundus, exactus Phi- 
iſſimus inueniebatur, 
nus, eruditione ac ſa- 
ienfis Monachus, & 
e, ac vniuerſæ eorum 
ræſul, fuit & mortuo 
1s, Cui muneri Bald- 
nen, quantum patie- 
lorum Rex, yi a 
im bellum gerendum 
e Baldwinus, vt effet 
m particeps. Præfuit 
tus, anno Salutis no- 


a very eloquent man, 
kudies. He was lirſt of 
his learning æ wife: 
orde Monaſterie, and 
ot CAoꝛteſter, aud at 
p of Canterburie, and 
igilaut, ſhewed him 
te kooꝛth as the iniquis 
paren a Fleete and all 
taking with him the 
wed the King into Sy- 
nd perils in ſo holy a 
kolower the King in⸗ 


he ſaid 


his Itine⸗ 


s & ſalutiferæ Crucis 
atus, in eiuſdem obfe- 
ter aſſumpſit. Et poſt- 
ndem Pelagi profun- 
obſidentem pariter & 
ctos principum defe- 
nga expectatione fati- 
19 70 diſtemperatos, 

inculo chatitatis am- 


r he had hard the hong 
ladine the Sultan of E⸗ 
his office of pꝛeaching 
nd afterwardes taking 
: Leuant Sea arrived 

t armie, beſieging the 
zur Countreymen, and 
ace wining of 


Ric. Canonicus,é'c.: of the Englith nation. 


the Princes, Come of them tired wich long expectation, others gti affliceed with 
and poterti, anvorhers daltemperrd with the heate of He 


his dapes in the Holy land, embpacing euery ane accopeng to his abilitie in the bond of loue, her 
drde chem at hin calles ans charges, aud Arengehenen chert with bis wa en and good eran 


The trauailes of one Richard ſyrnamed 
¶ nionicus. „big og 
g Ichardus Canonicus ad Trinitatis fanum Londini Regularis, ab ipſa pueritia, 
bonarum artium literas impenſeè amauit, excoluit, ac didicit. Qui ex continuo 
a, labore atque exercitatione long, talis tandem euaſit orator, & Poeta, quales 
ea ætas rariſſimos 1. -wiebat. Gb id Richardo Anglorum tune Regi charus, 
dlongam cum eo e Paleſtinam ac Syriam, dum expugnaret 
G By Turcas,fulcepit. Vnde in Anglian tum demum teuerfus, omnia qua præſens 
vidit in vrbibus,agris, ac militum caſtris, fideli natratione, tam tatmine quam proſa deſcripſit. 
Neque interim omifit eiuſdem Regis mores, & formam, per omnia corporis liniamenta defig-' 
nare addiditque præclaro ſuo operi hot aptiſſimum pro titulo nahen iert einigratcien Re- 
gisRichardi, Claruit anno redemptionis noſtræ 1200. ſub Ioanne Anglorum Rege. 


| q He fame in Englifh. 
Ichard ſymumed Canonicus an obferuant Frierof Trinitie Church in London, was in great 
Rise with the fudies of good Arts and tooke pained in them and learned then. Au at lat 


in he grewe to be ſuch an Pꝛatour and Boet. 
in favour with Richard then Ring of 


by his continuall endeuour and long exerei 
Eagles ran leben ate 
England, and vn at long with hun int Paleftina g Syria againſt the Turkes. 
Ftom whence being returned ag atne ind England, bee aap Weber both in Uerſe and 
proofe all ſueh things as he had leene in the Cities elds and tents of the ſouldiers, whete he was 
pꝛelent, and omitted not to note che bebatiiour, forme, am proportion of body in the ſdꝛeſaid King, 


“Mitting to his notable wozke this mot ape name lz the title, The Iournall of King Richard, Het 


ibedin the peete of dur Reben on 1100 wider Jahn Ring of England. 
The trauailes of Guilielmus Peregrinus. 


Vilielmus Peregrinus, Poeta quidam per eam etatem excellens, genere An- 
glus florebat, literarum, vt multi tune erant, amator maximus, & qui bona 
(dempora melioribus impenderat ftudijs. Hic cum accepiſſet, enpeditionem 
Nin Sarracenos per Regem Richardum parari,accinxit ſe ad iter illud mon tan- 
tum vt miles, fed etiam Peregrinus, Viditea qua in Mari Hiſpanico fiebant, 
A vidit quæ in Syria & Paleſtina commiffa fuerunt, in Sultanum Babiloniæ Re- 
gem, ac perfidos Sarracenos. Ounnia hæe ſcripſit, & viuis depinxit coloribus, ita vt quaſi pre 
oculis, totum poneret negotium, idemque Argumentum cum Richardo Canonico non infce- 
liciter,Heroico perenne carmine, opuſque iam abfolutum,Huberto Cantuariorum Archies 
pitcopo,te Stephano Turnhamo Capitaneo rerum bellicarum expertiffimo dedicauit, addito 
oc titulo Odeporicon Richardi Regis. Multaque alia edidiſſe Poetam talem non dubito, 
fed num extent illa eius ſoripta mihi non conſtat. Hoe tamen ſatis conftat,eum fuiffe in pretio, 
Anno à ſalutifero virginis partu t 200. ſub Anglorum Rege Ioanne. 
q Lhe fame in Englifh. 
Illiam the Wilgrime, a verp excellent Poet in thoſe dayes and an Englichman bonne, 
V was ak great fame, being much giuen to good letters, (as many then were) and heſtow . 
ed his good time in the bet kinde of udies, Pee vuderitanding of che preparation of Ring Ri⸗ 
charde againſt the Darracens, prepared himſelbe allo fo che fame bovage, not onelp as a 
Douldiour, but as a wilgrine allo, He ſawe chole things which happened in the Spanilb feas, 
and which were done in Syria and Paleſtina agatuft the Sultan the Ring ol Babylon, andthe trea 
cherous Sarracens. All which things he mote and expzeſſed them as it were in line lp colours as 
ikthey had bene fill in doing beloze his eye: And — Argument in n 
2 ich 


16 The trauailes and diſcoueries H. Malter, &c. 
˖ Richard Canonicus did. Aud hauing finthen bis wopke he dedicated it to 
which the * — 


rchbilbop and to Stephen Turneham a moſt expert C aptaine of the 
— bi Title, The Expedition of King Richard. And J doubt nat but that fo good 
Het as bee was publithen many other thing, but whether they be extant pen m no, I knowe 
nots but this J knowe, that he was a man well accompted of, and flouriſhed in the peeve afeer the 
birth of Chik 1 200, onder King John. 


The trauailes of Hubert Walter Biſhop of 
Sarisburie. a 

Vbertus Walterus Sarisburienfis Epifcopus, vir probus,ingenioque ac pieta- 
@cate clarus, inter præcipuos vous corum erat, qui poſt Richardum Regem ex- 
b pugnandorum Saracenorum gratis in Syriam proficifcebantur. Cum ex Pa- 
NS Jeftina rediens,audirct in Sicilia, quod idem Richardus in inimicorũ manus in- 
PM cidiffer, omiſſo itinere incepto, ad eum cutſim diuertebat: Quem & ille fta- 
Lum, in Angliam miſit, vtillie Regij Senatus authoritate, indiéto pro eius re. 
demptione tributo pecuniam colligeret, 11 0 & induftrius fecit ac Regem liberauit, Inde 
Cantuariorum Archiepiſcopus factus, poſt eius mortem Ioanni illius fratri ac {ucceffori, paria 
fidelitatis officia præſtitit. Longa enim oratione,toti Anglorum nationi perſuaſit, quod vir pro- 
uidus, præſtans, fortis, genere nobiliſsimus, & imperio dignilsimus effet : quo ſalutatus a Joie 
lo fuit, atque in Regem coronatus. Compoſuit quedam opufeula,& ex immenſo animi olore 
demum obijſſe fertur, Anno ſalutis humanæ 1 205. cum ſediſſet annos 11. Menſes octo, & dies 
ſex. Quum vidiſſet, ex inteſtinis odijs, omnia in tranſmarinis regionibus peſſum ire, regnante 
Joanne. a N 


ee 


De fame mn Egli. . 
Vbert Wolter bithop eaten ee and famous fon his good wit and pie 

Ilie, was one of the chiefelt olchem that followey King Richard into Syria going gaint the 
Sarracens, As he returned from Paleſtina ¢ came in his tourney into Silicia, he there hard of the 
ill fortune of the Ring being fallen into Mae hanes, om thereupon leauing his iourney 
bomewards he went pꝛeſently and in all batte tothe place King was captived, whom 


the Rin eee is commas ming ſent into hic he by the authonitie ol the Couns 
eil atribäte mitt be cotlerteoti bis emption wht this Hubert perfourmen with great die 
ewe af d steeds ether re Archbithop of Canterburie, and after 
the death of King Richard he ſhewey the like vueties of fidelitic and trut to his brother Iohn that 
ſucteeded him. Foꝛ by a long Dꝛation he perl waded che whole Nation of the Eng liſhmen, that 
he was a very circumſpect man, vertuous, valiant, bome of Noble parentage, and moſt woꝛthy 
ofthe Crowne. Ciherenpon he was fo receiued of all the people and crowned Ring. De wrote 
certaine bookes, and died at the lat with very great griefe of minde, in the pere x 205, hauing 
bene Archbiſhop the {pace of 11. peeres d. moneths and fire dayes, by reaſon of the ciuill diſcoꝛds 
abjoave, whereby all things went toplie tünute, and in the raigne of Ring John. 


The trauailes of Robert Curſon. 


O bertus Curfon ex nobili quodam Anglorum ortus genere, difciplinis tum 
N E factis Rtudiotas incubuit, idque (quantum ex coniecturis col- 
Sligo) in eelebratiſsima Oxonij Academia. Præſtantiſsimis illic inſtitutori- 
G bus vſus, ex ſumma eirea ingenuas artes induſtria, & afsiduo literarum labo- 
Y re, famam ſibi inter ſuos celeberrimam comparauit. Ampliora deinde me- 
dAitatus Pariſiorum Lutetiam, atque Romam ipſam petijt, illic Theologus 
Doctor, hic vero Cardinalis effectus. Vnde vterq̃ue Matthæus, Pariſius, ac Weſtmonaſterius, 
hoc de ipfo teſtimonium adferunt: hic libro 2. ille 8. ſuorum Chronicorum. Anno Domini 
1218. (inquiunt) in captione Damiatæ e gypti vrbis, ſub Ioanne Brenno Hieroſolymorum 
Rege, fuit cum Pelagio Albanenſi weet, obertus de Curfon, Anglus, Clericus celeberri- 
uss genre nobilis, ac Romanæ Ecclefiz Cardinalis, &c. Boftonus Burienſis in {uo Catalogo 
Curfonum aliquoslibros compoſuiſſe narrat. Claruit Anno ſuperius numerato per ced — 
dos teſtes, in Anglia regnante Henrico 3. Ioannis Regis filio: fuitque hic diebus Honorij ter- 
tij Romani pottifcis in Angliam, Baſtono tefte,legatus, es ; 
„„ be 


Halter, Cc. 
phe be denitaten ic to 
pert: Captaine of the 
t toc but that ſo goo 
at pea m no, I knowe 
in the pere alter the 


f 


ingenioque ac pieta- 
rea Regen ex- 
bantur. Cum ex Pa- 
inimicorũ manus in- 
at: Quem & ille ſta- 
», indicto pro eius re 
gem liberauit. Inde 
tri ac ſucceſſori, paria 
erſuaſit, quod vit pro- 
quo ſalutatus a popu- 
nmenſo animi dolore 
. Menſes octo, & dies 
peſſum ire, regnante 


bis good wit and pies 
yria going againk the 
ia, he there hard of the 
n leauing bis iourney 

was captiued, whom 
uthozitie of the Couns 
fourmed with great dis 
Canterburie, and after 
o his bother John that 
f che Engliſbmen, that 
tage, and moſt woꝛthy 
med Ring. We wote 
he peere 1205, hauing 
on okthe ciuill diſcoꝛds 


Iohn. 


genere, diſciplinis tum 
um ex coniecturis col- 
iſsimis illic inſtitutori- 
ſsiduo literarui labo- 
Ampliora deinde me- 
petijt, illic Theologus 
ac Weſtmonaſterius, 
orum. Anno Domini 
nno Hieroſolymorum 
us, Clericus celeberri- 

ienſis in ſuo Catalogo 
s numerato per præ i- 
ic diebus Honorij ter- 


ne 


CCC ² . ̃ . ee 
Nun. Glanuile. & c. of the Engliſn nation. 17 


5 The fame in Englifh. ; 

Obert Curfon deſcended of a noble familie in England, vſed great diligence as well in pro: 

phane as in divine ſtudies in the famous Uniuerlitte of Drfoyve (as J coniecture.) Hee hav 
there the belt ſcholemaſters that were to be gotten, and was mott induſtrious in the Arts and cot 
tiuuall exertiſes of learning: by meanes whereof he grew to be of great reno wne where he lived, 
Afterward thinking of greater matters he went to Paris and thence to Rome it felfe, and at Pa- 
ris he proceeded voctoꝛ of Diuinitie. at Rome he was made Cardinal: whereupon both Matthew 
Paris and Matthew of Weſtminſter, pꝛodute this teſtimonie of him, The one in his 2. booke, the 
other in his 8. booke of Chonicleg. Ju the peere of our Loyde (fap they) 1218, at the taking of 
Damiata a Citie of Egypt vnder Iohn Brenne King of Jeruſalem, M. Robert Curfon an Enge 
liſhman, a moſt famous clearke of noble parentage and Cardinall of the Church of Rome, tes 
there with Pelagius Albanenfis, &c. Boſton of Burie in Mqfolke in his Catalogue repoxeth, 
that he wrote biuers bookes, He flouriſhed in the pere aldeſaid by the witneſſetz ald jeſaid. Henry 
the thirde the ſonne ol Riug John being then King of Eng land: and by the further teſtimonie of 
Boſton this Curfon was Legate into England in p dayes ol Honorius the third biſhop of Rome, 


The trauailes of Raynulphe Glanuile Earle of Cheſter. 


S Alnulphus Glanuile Ceſtriæ Comes, vir nobiliſſimi generis, & in vtroque iure 
l eruditus, in albo illuftrium virorum à me merito ponendus venit. Ita probe 
Gj omnes Adoleſcentiæ ſuæ annos, legibus tum humanis, tum diuinis conſecra- 
Iſuit, vt non prius in hominem per ætatem euaſerit, quam nomen decuſque ab 
AAinſigni eruditione fibi comparauerit. Cum profecti eſſent Francorum Heroes 
Ptolemaydem, inito cum Ioantie Brenno HieroſolymorumRege conſilio, Da- 
miatam e£gypti vrbem obſidendam conſtituebant, anno Salutis humanæ 1218, Mifit illuc 
Henricus Rex, ab Honorio 3. Rom. Pontifice rogatus, cum magna armatorum manu Ranul- 
hum, ad rem Chriſtianam iuuandam. Cuius virtus Polydoro teſte, in eo bello miris omnium 
Feudibus celebrata fuit, Quo confeéto negotio,Ratulphus in patriam reuerſus, ſcripſit, De le- 
gibus Anglia librum vnum. Fertur præterea, & alia quædam ſeripſiſſe, ſed tempus edax rerum, 
ea nobis abſtulit. Claruit anno a Seruatoris noſtri natiuitate 1230 confectus ſenio, dum Hen- 
ricus tertius ſub Antichrifti tyrannide in Anglia regnaret. 
12 y The ſame in Englifh. 
Aynulph Glanuile Earle of Chetter, a man of a very noble houſe and learned in boch che 
Lawes, deſerues of vuetie to be here placed by me in the Catalogue of woꝛthy and notable 
men. Me applied fo well all the peeres of his vouth to the ſtudie of humane and diuine Lawes, 
that he came not fo ſoone to the age of a man, ag he had purchafento himſelfe by reaſon of his ſin⸗ 
guler learning, reno wne and honour. Then the noble men ok Fraunce went to Ptolomais, vp⸗ 
on the counſell of Iohn Brenne King of Jerufalem, they refoluen to beſtege Damiata a Citie of 
Egypt in the peere 1218, And then Henry the King vpon the motion ol Honorius che 3. biſhop 
of Rome ſent khither this Earle Raynulph with a great power or armer ſouldiers, co further the 
enterpꝛiſe ofthe Chꝛiſtians: whofe valure in that warre (bp the teſtimonie ok Polidor Virgil) 
was maruetloully commended ok all men. After the ende of which bulines, he being returned itt: 
to his countrey, wzote a booke ofthe Lawes of England. It is alla repoꝛted that hee note other 
bookes but time the veſtroyer of many memozials, bath taken them from vs. Me flouriſhed in the 
peere after the natiuitie of Chri 123 c. being very aged, and in the raigne of K. henry che 3. 


SS 
WG 


The voyage of William” Longefpee,a notable and valiant 
Gentleman of England into Aſia, in the yeere 12.48.and in the 32. 
yeere of the raigne of Henrie the 3. King of England. 


ves the French King being recouered of his fickenes which hee fell into, in 
Gare], the peere 1244. vo wen thereupon fop a free will Cacrifice to God, that he (if the 
nate Countell ofhis Realme would (utter him,) would in bis oyrne perfon vile the 

25 ORY Holy land: which matter was opened and debated in the Parliament of France 

A belde in the peere 1247, Nihere at length it was concluded, that the Ring ace 


1 amen bis botoe dau tab: Des onemep inne ae anndhef ie thereof wes 
3 alſo 


Or, lon 
4 [word, N 


af i 
i ic i 
3 01 F e 


aw „ 


* ? 


lia A ALTA — 
18 The trauailes and diſcoueries . Longeſpee. j 


alo prefixed, which ſhould be after the feat of S. John VBaptiſt the nert yeere enſuing. 
At whichtime William Longeſpee a woxthie warriout, with the hiſbop of Monceſter and cer 
taine other great men in the i 1 een ( mooued with the erample or the French men) 
nepared themſelues like wile to the fame iourney. ; 
9 fell out in this enterpule, that about the beginning of October the French king allaulted 
and tooke Damiata, being the principal fore on hold of the Sarracens in all Egypt, Anno 1249. 
and hauing fortified the Citie with an able garriſon left with the Duke of Burgundie, be remoo: 
ued his tents fromebence to goe Ealtward. In whole armie followed William Longefpec,acs 
companied with a piked nomber of Eng liſh warriours retayning vnto him. But fuch was the 
dildaine of the Frenchmen againſt this William Longeſpee ¢ the Eng liſbmnen that they could 
not abide them, but flouted them after an oppꝛobzious maner with Eng lich tailes, infomuch that 
the French king himlelle had much adoe to keepe peace betweene them. 
The originall caule of this grudge betweenẽ them beganne thus. There was not karre from 
Alexandria in Egypt a ſtrong fort 07 cattle repleniſbed with great Ladies and riche treaſure of 
A tnt wonne (he darracens s which holde it chanced the ſaide William Lont ‘pee with his companie of Eng 
a Eug⸗ lh ſouldiers to get, moze by politique dexteritie then by oper: forre ol armes, where with hee ang 
ulhinen. his retinue were greatly enriched. WAhen the Frenchmen har knowledge hereof ( they uot bes 
ing made pꝛiuie hereto) began to tonceiue an heart burning agate the Eng liſß lonldiers, and 
could not ſpeake well of them after that. aaa 
It happened againe not long after, that the ſaide William had intelligence of a companie of 
riche marchants among the Sarracens going to a certaine F aire abput the parts of Alexandria, 
hauing their camels, alles and mules , richly loden with filkes, pꝛecidus ie wels, ſpices, golde, and 
filuer, with Cart loads of other wares, belide victuall and other furniture, whereof the ſouldiers 
then liood in great neede: he hauing ſecret! nomlevge hereof, gathered all the power of Eng liſh⸗ 
writh boote men vnto him that he could, and ſo by night ling bpon the Marchants. ſome he lew with theit 
alogottentp guides and condutters, ſome he tooke, ſome he put to flight: the Carts with che ppiuers, and with 
mee Engi the oxen, camels, aſſes, and mules, with the whole cariage and victuals he tooke and brought with 
him, looling in all the ſkirmiſh but one ſouldier and d. or his ſeruitoꝛs : of whom noc withſtanding 
ſome he brought home wounded to be cured, 
This being kno wen in the Campe,forth came the French men which all this while loptered 
in their pauillions, and meeting this cariage by the way, tooke all the fozelaide pꝛape whole to 
Che hunt of themlelues rating the laid William and the Cngliftanen fox aonencuring and ylliliug out of che 
the French⸗ Campe without leaue op knowledge of their Generall, contrary to the difcipline of warre. Wil- 
Eni lam faid againe he bad done nothing but be would antwere toit, whole purpofe twas to haue the 
fpople veuided to the beboole ol the whole armie. ry 
Then this would not ſerue, hee being {ope grieued in his minde fo covaroly to be ſpoyled ot 
that, which hee fo aduenturoully had trauailed fon, went tu the Ring to complaine: But rohen no 
reafon nop complaint would ſerue by reafon of the proude Earle of Artoys the kings bꝛother, 
which vpon ſpight and diſdaine ſtoode againſt him, he bidding the Ring farewell ſaide hee would 
william Lon.’ lerue him no longer : and fo William de Longeſpee with the reſt of his companie breaking from 
Fotanery che the Freuch holte went to Achon. Upon whole departure the Earle of Arcoys laide, Nom is the 
Frency Ning. armie of Frenchmen wel ride of thele tailed people, which woꝛd ſpoken in great delpight were 
ill eee ned enka heard them. 4 
Butnot long alter ekeeper of Cayro and Babylonia, bearing a good mind to the Chris 
ſtian Religion, and being offended alfo with the Soldan, pꝛumiled to elner the ſame to the 
French Ring, inructing him what courle was belt for bim to take to accomplithit, the King 
hereupon in all atte ſent foꝛ Willam Longeſpee, pꝛomiling him a full vedzeſſe of all his iniu⸗ 
Teunchſe eee at the Kings requeſt came to him againe, and fo ioyned with the 
, Ateer this it bappenen thatthe French Hing patting with bis armie towordes Cayro afore: 
layde tame to the great riuet Nilus, on che further part whereof the Soldan had pitched himfelfe 
to withſtand his comming ouer: there was at this time a Sarracen lately conuerted ta Chhiſt {ers 
ning the Carle Robett the French Rings bzocher who told him ol the ablence of the Soldan frum 
bis tents, and of a ſhallow ſvond in the river where they might ealp paſſe ouer. LAhereupon the 
lalde Carle Robert ¢ the Patter of the Cemple wieh a great power eſteemen to the third part of 
the Armie yſſued ouer the Riuer,after whom followed W. Longeſpee with his band of Engliſh 
ſouldierg. Chele being ioynen together on p ocher five of che water, entoũtten the lame day with 
che Sarcacens rematieng in the tente purthem to the mort, Mhich victory being wean 
Fren 


8 SA SAS "22%, we) 


e enſuing. 
bf Moꝛzceſter anv cer⸗ 
e okthe French men) 


French king aſſaulted 
Egypt. Anno 1249. 
Burgundie, he remoo⸗ 
illiam Longeſpee , ac⸗ 
But ſuch was the 
men that they could 
tailes, inſamuch that 


e was not farre from 
s and riche treafure of 
his companie of Eng 
8, where with hee aud 
e hereof (they uot be 
Puglith ſonldiers, and 


pence of a companie of 
parts of Alexandria, 
velg, ſpices, golde, and 
whereof the ſouldiers 
the power of Engliſh⸗ 
ome he llew with their 
the dziuers, and with 
poke and bꝛought with 
phot not withſtanding 


all this while loytered 
nelaide pꝛaye whole to 
and piling out of che 
ipline of warre. Wil- 
urpofe twas to haue the 


vardly to be ſpoyled of 
nplaine: But when no 
oys the kings other, 
re well ſaide hee would 
mpanie breaking krom 
toys laide, Nob is the 
in great deſpight were 


good mind to the Chris 
eliuer the fame to the 
accompliſh it, the King 
redꝛeſſe of all his iniu⸗ 
nd fo ioyned with the 


towarves Cayro afo;e⸗ 
jan had pitched himſelle 
tonuerted to Chit fers 
ence of the Soldan from 
ouer. Thereupon the 
emen to the third part of 
ich his band of Engliſh 
itred es pap 15 
ictoꝛy being gotten che 

French 


. Longe/pee.: i 


. Longeſpee. of the Engliſh nation. 


French Earle Curprifcd with pride aud triumph, as though he had conquered the whole earth, 

would needes forward, deuiding himſelle from the maine holte, thinking tdtwinne the ſpurres 
alone. To whome certaine ſage men of the Cemple, giuing him contrarp counſell, aduiled him 
not to doe ſo, but rather to returne and take their whole company with them, and fo ſhould they be 
moge ſure againſt all deteites and dangers, which nught be layd pꝛiuily fo them. The maner of 
that people (they ſayd) they better knewe, and had moze experience thereof then he: alleaging 
mopcouet their wearied bodies, their tired hoꝛſes, their famiſhed ſouldiers, and the inſufficiencie 
allo of their number, which was not able to withſtand the multitude of the enemies, eſpetially at 
this prefene bzunt, in which the aduerſaries did well {ee the whole ſtate of their dominion now to 
touliſt either in winning all, oz loſiug all. 

MUhich when the pꝛoude Carle did heare, being inflated with no leſſe arrogancie then igno⸗ 
rance, with oppꝛobꝛious taunts reuiled them, calling them cowardly daſtards, and betrayers ol 
the whole countrep, obiecting vnto them the common report of many, which ſayd, that the land of 
the holp croſſe might ſoone be wonne to Chꝛiſtendome, were it not for rebellious Templaries, 
with the Holpitalaries, and their followers, 

To theſe contumelious rebukes, when che matter of the Temple anfwered againe for him 
and his fellowes, bidding them difplap his enſigne when he would, and where he durſt, they 
were as ready to follow him, as he to goe befone them, then began William de Longeſpee the 
woꝛchy knight to ſpeake, deſiring the Earle to giue care to thoſe men of experience, who had bet⸗ 
ter knowledge of thole countries and people then had he, commending allo their counſell to be 
diſcreete and wholeſome, and ſa turning to the matter of the Temple, began with gentle woꝛdes 
ta mitigate him likewiſe. The knight had not halle ended his talke, when the Carle taking his 
wolds out of his mouth, began to fume and fweare , crping out of thoſe cowardly Engliſumen 
wich tailes: Wihat a pure armie (fapd he) ſbould we haue here, iftheſe tailes and tailed people 
were purged from it, with other like woꝛds of villany, and much diſdayne: whereunto the Eng: 
lich knight anlwering againe, well, Earle Robert (ſayd he) whereſoeuer pou dare (et pour foote, 
my ſtep ſhall goe as farre as pours, and (aa Abelecne) we goe this day where you hall not dare 


to come neere the taile of my hole, as in deede in the euent it pꝛooued true: for Earle Robert Wiltam Long 
would needes fet forward , weening to get allthe glory to humſelfe before che comming of the bert. 


holte, and firſt inuaded a litle village op caſtle, which was not karre of, called Manſor. The coun: 
trey Booresand Pagans in the villages ſeeing the Chritians comming, ranne out with ſuch a 
maine crye and ſhowte, that it came to the Dolvans hearing, who was neerer then our men did 
thinke. In the meane time, the Chꝛiſtians inuading and entring into the munition incitcume 
ſpectly, were pelted aud pathed with tones by them which ſtood aboue, whereby a great number 
ol our men were loſt, and the armie fore maymen, and almolt in velpaire. 

Then immediatly vpon the ſame, commeth the Soldan with all his maine power, which fees 
ing the Chrittian armie to be veuided, and the brother ſeyarated from the bꝛocher, had that which 
he long 55 fog, and ſo inclofing them round about, that none ſhould eſtape, had with them a 
true 1 4 

Then the earle began to repent him of his heavy raſhnes, but it was too late, who then leeing 
William the Eug lich knight doughtily fighting in the chief hunt of the enemies cried vn him 


mot cowardly to flie, ſecing God (faith he) voch fight againſt vs: To whome the Knigyt an: The cowardip 
lwering againe, God koꝛbid (ſayth he) that my fathers ſonne ſhould runne awap from the face of ime 


a Darracen, The Carle chen turning his hoꝛle, fled away thinking to auoid by the (wiftnes of his 
hozſe, and fo taking the riuer Thafnis, appꝛeſſed with harneſſe, was there ſunken and Downed, 

Thus the Earle being gone che Frenchmen begau to diſpaire and ſcatter. Then William 
de Longeſpee bearing all the force of the enemies, ſtoode againſt them as long as he could, 
wounding and llaying many a Sarracen, till at length his bole being killed, and his legges 
maimed, he tould no longer ſtande, who pet notwithſtanding as he was downe, mang led their 


The valiant 
feete and legges, and did the Sarratens much ſoꝛrow till at laſt after many blowes e wounds, 2 mere 


being Toned ofthe Sarrarens, he peeloen his life, And after the death of him, the Sarvacens ſet⸗ 
ting vpon the reſidue of che armie, whome they had compaſſed on euery ſide, deuoured and deſtroi⸗ 
ed them all, inſomuch that ſcarſe one man remained aliue, ſauing two Templaries, one Hoſpita⸗ 
ler, and one pooꝛe raſcall ſouldier, which bꝛought tidings hereot to the King. 

And thus by the impꝛudent and fooliſh hardines of that French Earle, che Frenchmen were 
diſcomited. and that valiant Eng lich Knight ouermatched, to the griefe of all Chriftian people, 
the glozie of che Barratena, anv the vtter deftruction aud ruiue of the whole Freuch armie, as 
aſterwards it appeared, Th 

E 


The voyages and diſcoueries Prince Edward. 


The voyage of Prince Edward the ſonne of King Henry 
the third mto Afia,in the yeere 1270 


ee Bout the peere of our Lon, 1267. Octobonus the Popes Legat being in Eng 
und, prince Edward the fonne of King Henry, and diuers other Noble men of 

England tooke vpon them the croſſe vpon @. Iohns daythe Baptiſt, by che fata 
DVLegates hands at Northhampton,to the reliefe of the Holy lande, and the ſub⸗ 

. SY werfion of che enemies of che crofle of Chyilt. Foz which purpofc,and fop the bet · 
cer furnishing of che prince towards the tourney, there was granted him a ub 
die throughout all the Realme, and in the moneth of Map in the peere of our Loz, 1270, he bes 
gan to fet fortward, 

at Michelmas following he with his it So came to Egnemortes, which is from Marfil- 
lia eight leagues wettward,andehere taking ſbip againe (hauing a merrie g profperous wind) 
wit bin ten daies arriued at Tune, where he was with great ioy welcomed, and intertained of 
the Cinittian princes that there were to this purpoſe alſembled, as of Philip the French King, 
whole father Lodouicus died a litle befoge, of Carolus the King of Sicilia, aud the two Rings of 
Nauarre, and Arragon, and as this Logo Edward came thither ſoꝛ his father the Ring ol Eng · 
land thither came allo Henry the ſonne of the Ring of Almaine fog bis father, who at his returne 
from the voyage, was Maine in a Chappell at Viterbium, 

TAhen prince Edward demaunded of theſe Kings and pꝛinces what was to be done, they ane 
Cwered him againe, and laid, che prince of chis citie and the pꝛouince adioyning to the fame, hath 
bene accuttomedto pay tribute vnto the king of Sicily euer yeere: and now fo; that the fame bath 
bene for the pace ol ſeuen peeres vnpaied and moꝛe, therefore we thought good to make itnuaſi⸗ 
on vpon him. But che King knowing the fame tribute to be but iutly de manded, hath now accoz⸗ 
ding to our owne defire ſatiſlled foꝛ the time palt, and alfo paid his tribute before hand. 

Then faid he, My L ods, what is this to the purpole + are we not here all aſſembled, and haue 
také vpon vs the Lows Character to fight againſt the inldels x enemies of Chittswhat meane 
pou then to conclude a peace with them. Gon forbio we ſhould do ſo lo now p land is plaine and 
hard ſo that we map appꝛoch p holy citp Ierufalem. Then laid they nom haue we made a league 
with them, neither is it lawful fog vs to bꝛeake the fame. But let vs returne againe to Sicilia, and 
when the winter is paſt we may well take ſhipping to Acra. But this counſel nothing at all liked 
him, neither did he ſhewe himfelfe wel pleaſed therewith: but after he had mane them a pꝛintely 
banket, he went into his cloſet oꝛ pꝛiuy chamber from amongſt them, neither would be partaker 
of any of that wicked money which they had taken. They notwithſtanding continuing their pur⸗ 
pole, at the next merry wind tooke ſhipping, and foꝛ want of ſhips left 200. of their men a ſhoare, 
trying out, and piteoully lamenting fog the peril and hazard of death that they were in: wheres 
with prince Edward being ſome what mooued to compaſſion, came backe againe tothe land, and 
receiued and ſtowed them in his owue hips, being the laſt that went aboozd. 

Within ſeuen dates after, they arriued in the king dome of Sicilia, ouer againſt the citie Tra; 
pes, caſting their aukers a league from thence within the ſea, fo that their ſhippes were of great 
burden aud thꝛoughly kraught: and from the hauen of the titie, chey ſent out barges and boates 
to receiue and boing ſuch of the Nobilitie to land as would, but their hoꝛſes for the moſt part, and 
all their armour they kept Mill within boop, ii 

At length towards the eucning,che fea began to be rough, E intreaſen to a great tempest and 
à mighty :inſomuch that their ſhips were beaten one againſt anothers ſideg, and dꝛowner there 
was of them at that tempeſt lying at anker mone then 1 20. wich all their armour and munition, 
wich innumerable ſoules belides. and that wicked money alfa vihich they had taken before, likes 
wiſe periſhed, and was loſt. 0 a . 

But the tempeſt hurt not fo much as one ſhip of prince Edwards, who had iu number 13. nor 
pet had one man lot thereby fo that (as it may be pꝛeſuppoled) he conſented not to the wicked 
counſell ofthe reit. 5 0 2 , 1 

Then in the moꝛning the princes and kings came tathe fea fine and law al their (hips mow⸗ 
ned aud ſaw their men and hoꝛſes in great number caſt vpon the land dꝛowner they had ful beas 
baad Sin — 0 0 fe ae of ta their fhips N which were in number 1500. 

e common ſouldiers, chere was no moze ſaued then the mariners of one onely ſhi 
Chey in this wife, 5 6 ‘a : 99 . 
There was in chat hip a good and miſe Matrune, a Counteſſe op an Carles wile, perteiuing 
the tempeſt to grow, x fearing her ſelle, talledto her the Mok the ſhip e atken him whether in at: 
tempting 


553331801 


bn 
‘ 
ned 


ince Edward. 
ng Henry 


Legat being in Eng⸗ 


Baptiſt, by the fais 
ly lande, and the ſub⸗ 
irpoſc, and fo) the bet 
8 granted him a ſubli⸗ 
t Lopd, 1270, he bee 


which is from Marfil- 
e pꝛoſperous wind) 
ed, and intertained ol 
lip the French King, 
and the two Rings of 
her the Ring of Eng 
er, who at his returne 


as to be done, they an⸗ 
ning to the fame, hath 
p for that the fame bath 
good to make inuaſi⸗ 
pene ants nom accoz 
fore hand. 

ll aſſembled, and haue 
of Chꝛiſtꝛwhat meane 
w p land is plaine aun 
aue we made a league 
eagaine to Sicilia, and 
fel nothing at all liken 
made them a pꝛincely 
her would be partaker 
tontinuing their pur⸗ 
ok their men a ſhoare, 
they were in: wheres 
againe tothe land, aun 


W. a 

againſt the citie Tras 
ſhippes were of great 
ut barges and boates 
foꝛ the moſt part, and 


to a great tempeſt and 
es, and dꝛowned there 
armour and munition, 
had taken before, likes 


ab in number 13. nog 
ted not to the wicked 


aw al their ſhips motue 
wned, they had ful hea⸗ 
nere in number 1500. 
8 oł one onely ſhip, an 


arles wife, perteiuing 
her him whether in at= 
tempting 


sother Noble men x 


Prince Edward. of the Englifh nation. 
— ar ace pears 9————ꝙv— . — — 4 — 


telle oz che bipyt 
ippe: who inmediatly hoyling th xppe aground 
ſuppe: who * vehemencie of the weather and force he came withall, 


Theuthe Kings and Princes (altering their purpole after eis ſo great a ſbip mache) recurs 
ned home againe euery one vnto their owne — — fonne ofthe King of Eng: 
and pꝛeſerued. 
Then unte Ed warde renouating his purpole, toobe tipping againe, and within fiftene 
dayes alter Calter arriued he at Acra, and went aland, taking with him a choufanof che bet She arent of 
ſouldiers and moſt expert, and taried there a whole moneth, both his men and bores, Ward at Aera. 
md that in this ſpace he might learne and khowe the ſetrets of the land. After this he tooke with 
him fire 07 ſeuen thouſand foaldiers,and marchen fo ward twentye miles from Acra, and tooke 
Nazareth, aubthoſe that he faunde there he ſlewe, and afterward returned againe to Acra. But 
their enemies following alter them, thinking to haue fet von them at fome freight oz other ad Sea 
uantage, were efpienbp the Pwice, and returning againe bpon them gaue a charge, and ſiewe Pine 
many of them. and the reſt they put to fight. 
After this about Midſommer when the Punce had vnderſtanding that the Sarracens began 
to gather at Cako we which was forty miles from Acra, he marching thither fet vyon them very 
eatelp in the moming and ſlewe of them moje then athoulann, the ren he put to flight, and tooke crane 
riche ſpoiles, marching forward till they camecoa Cattle named Caftrum peregrinorum, feu» Sint oe Mae 
ate vpon the (ea coatt,¢ tavien there that night,¢ the next day they returned againe toward Acra. in 1000.0 
Inthe meane feafon the Ring of Ieruſalem ſent vnto the Nolle men ol Cyprus, deſiring them fey 
to come with ſperde to apne the Cipittians , but they would not come, ſaying they would keepe 
cheir owne land, and goe no furthtr. Then unte Edward ſent onto them, deliring that at bis re⸗ 
queſt they would come and iopne in ayde with him: who i p came vnto him aye Pes 
with great pꝛeparation and furniture for che warres, ſaying, that at bis commandement they ore US ac. 
were bound to doe no leſſe, for that his pꝛedeteſſas were 8 the gruernours of that beoece d tbe 
their land, and that they oughe alwaies to ſhewe their fivelite to the Kings of England. ud of €nge 
Chen the Chyiſtians being herrwich animated, made athirde voyage oz roade, and came ass 
farte as the fonte called Vincula ſancti Petri, and to S. Georgius, and they bad flaine cere 
taine there, not finding any to make reſiſtance againſt chem,thep retire aga de from whence they 
tame: when thus che fame of inte Edward grewe amongſt his enemies, and that they began 
to ſtand in doubt of him, they deuiſed amongthemſelues how by ſome pollicie they might circum: 
nent him and betray him. Tthereupon the great Prince and Anmivall of loppa ſent vnto him, 
faining himſelke buder great deceite willing to become a Chniltian, and that he would maw witdb 
him a great nber beides, ſo that they might be honourably intertained and vledol the Chiti 
ans. This ta leaſed the Prince well, and perlwaded him to ſmmilh the thing he had ſo well bee 
gun by vniting ag aine, who alſo bythe ſame meflenger ſent and mote backe vnto him diuers 
times about the fame matter, whereby no miſtruſt ſhould ſpꝛing. 
This meſſenger (ſayth mine Authoz) was one ex caute nutritis, one of the Cowie hearted, that 
neither feared God noz dꝛeaded death. 
The fife time when this meflenger came, and was of the Pꝛinces ſeruants ſearched accopding 
tothe manner and cuſtome what weapon and armour he had about him. as allo his purſe that not 
fo much as a knife could be ſeene about him, he was had vp into the Princes chamber, x after his 
reuerente vone, he pulled out certaine letters, which he de liuered the inte from his lowe, as he 
had done others before. This was about eight vaies after IUhitſontide, vpon a Tueldap, fomee 
what before night, at which time the Prince was layd vpon his bed bare heaved, in his Jerkin, fo 
the great heate and intemperature of the weather. 
Mhen the Prince had read the letters it appeared by them that vpon the Satterday next fol · 
lowing his loꝛde would bethere ready to accomplith all that he hav witten and poomiſen. The 
report ot theſe newes by the Puince to the ſtanders by, iikenthem well, who meme ſome what 
backe to conſult thereof amongeſt themſelues. Inthe meane time, the Pellenger kneeling, and 
making his obeiſance to the Prince (queſtioning furcher with him) put bis hand to his belt, as 
though he would haue pulled out ſome fecrete letters, and ſuddenly he pulled out an inenomer 
knife. thinking to haue ſtroken the Hinte into che belly therewith as he laye: but the Hinte lil 
ting vp his hand to defend the blowe, was ſtriken a great wound into the arme, and being about 
to 


My “wy 1. 


I NN SMI 


8 


1 8 
V 


Ft, * y eae 
4 AM LD, VE WIN A „. 
* . N 


22 


Prmce Ed⸗ 
pd 7 
rot oi 
ded. 


A * 


The trauailes and diſcoueries Prince Edward. 


to fetch another ftroke at him the pꝛince againe with bis foore tooke him fuch a bla we chat he feide 
sea — Dance ee the hand, and with ſuch violence maſted the 
knife from him chat he eee N immediatipthꝛuſt the fame ine 
to the belly of che Meſſenger and ſtriker, and \ rue 

Tee e being in the next chamber not farre olf hearing the bulkling, came with 
great halte running in. and ünding the Meſlenger lying de ad in the ſloode. one of them tooke bp a 
ftoole and beate out his bꝛaineg: whereat the prince was wnuth for that he ſiroke a dead man, and 
one that was killen befone, - N a 

But the rumour of this acctoent as it was ſtrange, ſuit went foone tloougbout all the Court, 
and from thence among the common people, for which they were very heaup, and greatly uiſcou 
raged. To him came allo the Captaine of the Temple, and bꝛought hima coſtly and petious 
deinke againſt poiſon, leaſt the venome ol the knife fhould penetrate the liuely bloode, and in bla · 
ming wile ſapde vnto him: did J not tell pour Grate belode, of the vecette and ſubtiltte of this 

les Motwithſtanding, ſapde he, let pour Grate take a good heart, vou ſhall not die of this 

wound my life for pours, But Qraight wap the Durgions and Phyſttions were ſent fo? and the 
Prince was delled, and within fewe dapes after, the wound began to putriſie, and the fleth to looke 
dead aud blackes wherupon they that were about the prince, began to mutter among themſelues, 
and were very ſad and heauy. n 

Which thing he himſell perceiving Laid onto them: wl mutter pou thus among pour ſelues: 


hat fec pou in me. tan I not be healed’ tell me the trueth be pe not afraid. CAbereupon one {aid 


vnto him and like pour Grace pou may be healed, we miſtruſt not, but pet it will be very paines 
full for pou to ſuffer. M ap ſuffering (fapo he againe) reſtoʒe health ? pea ſayth the other on paine 
ol looſuig my heade. Then fap the prince, J commit my ſelfe vnto pou, dae with me what you 
thinke good. 

Then ſayd one of the Phyſitians, is there anp ol pour Nobles in whome pour Grace repoſeth 
ſpeciall truſt : to whome the prince anſwered pea, naming certaine of the Noble menthat Moode 
about him. Then ſaid the Phylitian to the two, whome the prince firkt named, the Loe Edmund, 
and the Lom Iohn Voyſye. And doe pou alla faithfullp loue your Lone and Prince: Ibo an⸗ 
ſ were both, yea vndoubtedly. Then layth be, take you away this Genclewoman and Ladie 
(meaning bis wie) and let her not fee her Londe and huſband till ſuch time as J will pou theres 
vnto. A bereupon they tooke her from the pꝛinces meſence, crying out, and winging ber hands. 
Then ſayd they vun her, be pou contented good Ladie and Madame . it is better that one woman 
ſhould weepe a litelei while, then that all the Realme of Eng land ſhould weepe a great ſea ſon. 
Then on the morrow they cut out all the dead and inuenomed fleth out ok the princes arme, and 
thꝛew it from them and faid onto him: how cheereth pour Grace, we pꝛomiſe pou within theſe 
fifteene dayes you ſhall thet pour ſelfe abroad (if God permit) vpon pour hoꝛſebacke, whole and 
well as euer pou were. And accopding to the pꝛomiſe he made the pꝛince it came to pale, tothe no 
litlecomfoꝛt and admiration of all his ſubiects. 

hen the great Souldan heard hereol, and that the mince was pet aliue, he could ſcarſely 
heleeue the fame, and ſeuding vnto him thee of his Robles and princes, excuſed himſelle b 
them, calling his gods to witnes that the fame was done neither by him noꝛ his tonſent. eubich 
minces aud Meſlengers ſtanding a loofe off from the Kings ſonne, wozſhipping him fell flat vp⸗ 
se re gs i vou Seared Sines) 5 eee ad 1 me not. But they hae 

dhim not, becauſe he in Engliſh vnto them, ſpeaking by an Jnterpꝛeto;: neuerthel 
be honopablyp intertained them, and ſent them away in peace. 

Thus when prince Edward had berne eighteene monethes in Acra, he tocke ſhipping about 
the Aſſiunption of out Lady, as we call it, returning homeward, and after ſeuen werkes he arri⸗ 
ued in Sicilia at Trapes, and framthente trauelen though the mivs of Apulia, till he came tu 
Rome, where he was of the Pope honopablyp intertained, 

From hence he came into France, whofe fame and noble pꝛowes was there much byuten ae 
thong the common people, and emued of the Mobilitie, eſpetially of the Earle ot Chalons, ho 
thought to haue intrappen him and his companpe, as map appeare in the topic : but prince Ed- 
ward continued faye) bis iournep to Paris, and twas there of the French King honorably inter 
tained: and aſter tertaine bates be went thence into Gaſcoyne, where he taried till that he heard 
of che Death of the Ring his father, at which time he came home, and was crotuned Ring of Eng: 
land, in the peeve of our Lon, 1274. 

The 


J 


rince Edward. 


ich a blowe that he feive 
violence matter the 
ulythzuſt the fame ine 


he bufkling, came with 
one of them tooke bp a 
ſtroke a dead man, and 


doughout all the Court, 
up, and greatly viſcou · 
ima coſtly and pꝛecious 
ly bloode, and in bla; 
te and ſubtiltie of this 
vou ſhall not die of this 
8 were fent foꝛ, and the 
ſie, and the fleſh to locke 
ter among themſelues, 


s among pour ſelueg: 
d. Mhereupon one faiv 
rt it will be very paine⸗ 
apth the other. on paine 
doe with me what por 


e pour Grace repoſeth 
Noble menthat ſtoode 
ed, the Lope Edmund, 
and Prince : Mho ans 
ntlewoman and Ladie 
ne as J will vou there 
d winging her hands. 
better that one woman 
d weepe a great ſeaſon. 
ok the princes arme, and 
omiſe pou within theſe 
rhopfebacke, whole ann 
it came to patie, to the no 


es, extuſed 3 
noꝛ his confent, TM 

ipping him, fell flat vp 
me not. But they vnder⸗ 


terpꝛetoz: neuerthelelle 


pe tooke ſhipping about 
r ſeuen weekes he arri⸗ 
Apulia, till he came to 


as there much bꝛuted a⸗ 
Earle of Chalons, who 
he ſloʒie: but prince Ed- 
King honopablp inter 
e taried till that he heard 
crowned Ring of Eng⸗ 


The 


W. Tune bam, &. ofthe Englifh nation, 


The trauaile of Robert Turneham. 


K 4 Obertus Turnehã Franciſcanus, Theologiæ profeſſor inſignis, Lynnæ celebri 
i e Irenorum ad ripas Iſidis emporio, collegio ſuorum fratrum magnificè præ- 
fuit.Edwardus Princeps, cognomento Longus, Henrici tertij filius, bellicam 
expeditionem contra Far nos Aſſyriam incolentes, anno Dom. 1268. Re 
rabat.Ad quam profectionem quæſitus quoque Orator vehemens, qui plebis 
nn cauſa relligionis animos excitaret. Turnehamus principi vifus vel digniſſi- 
mus eſt, qui munus hoc obiret. Sic tanquam fignifer conſtitutus Aſſyrios vna cum Anglico ex- 
ercitu petijt, ae ſuum non fine laude præſtitit officium. Claruit anno ſalutiferi partus, i 2 80. va- 
ria componens, ſub eodem Edwardo eius nominis primo poſt Conqueſtum. 
q The fame in Engh/h. 
Ro Turneham Frautiſcan, a notable pfofeflo; of Diuinitie, was with great dignitie 
prior of the Colledge of his Oper in the famous Mart Towne of Lynne, ſituate vpon the 
riuer ol Flis in Mozfolke. Hꝛince Edward ſurnamed the Long, the ſoune of Henrie the third, yes 
pared his warlike voyage againſt the Sparracens dwelling in Syria, in the peere of our L onde, 
1268. fon the which expedition ſome caructt preacher was ſought to ſtirre vp ö peoples mindes 
in the caufe of religion, And this Turneham ſeemed to the Hꝛince moſt worthy to performe that 
office : fo that he being appointed as it were a ſtandard bearer, went ito Syria wich the Eng liſh 
armie, and performed his duetie with good commendation, Me floziſhed in the yeere of Chit 
8 fering forth diners woꝛkes vnder the fame Ning Edward the firlt of that name after the 
onqueſt. , 
The life of Syr John Mandeuill Knight, written by 
Maſter Bale. (entur.6. 
Ee annes Mandeuil, vir equeſtris ordinis, ex fano Albini oriundus, ita à teneris 
vt aiunt, vnguiculis literarum ſtudijs aſſueuerat, vt in illis bonam feelicitatis 
GF ſuæ partem poneret. Nam generis fui ſtemmata illuſtria, nulli vſui futura 
F ducebat, niſi illa clariora doctis artibus redderet. Quare cum animum E- 
uangelica lectione rité inſtituiſſet, tranſtulit ſua ſtudia ad rem Medicam, ar- 
tem inprimis liberali ingenio dignam Sed inter alia, ingens quædam cupido 
videndi Africam, & Aſiam, vaſtioris orbis partes, eius animum inuaſerat. Comparato igitur 
amplo viatico, peregrè 3 eft, anno a Chriſto nato, 13 3 2. & domum tanquam alter V- 
lyſſes, poſt 34. annos rediens, à pauciſsimis quidem cognitus fuit. Interim Scythiam, Armeni- 
am Maiorem & Minorem, Aegyptum, vtramque Lybiam, Arabiam, 3 Mediam, Meſo- 
e ræciam, Illyrium, Tartariam, & alia ſpacioſi orbis regna, la- 
or iolo itinere viſitauit. Denique linguarum cognitione præditus, ne tot ac tantarum rerum 
varietates, & miracula quæ oculatus teſtis viderat, memoriæque mandauerat, obliuione præ- 
merentur, in tribus linguis, Anglica, Gallica, & Latina, graphicè ſcripſit Itinerarium 3 3. anno- 
rum. Reuerſus in Angliam, ac viſis ſui ſeculi malis, vir pius Heede noftris temporibus iam ve- 
rius quam olim dici poteſt, virtus ceſſat, Eecleſia calcatur, Clerus errat, dæmon regnat,fimonia 
dominatur, &c. Leodij tandem obijt, anno Domini 13 72. die 17. Nouembris, apud Guilielmi- 


q The fame in Englifh. 

| Se Mandeuil Ruight, bonne in the towne of S. Albons, wag fo well 857 to the ſtudie of 
learning from his childhood, chat he leemed to plant a good part of his felicitie in che ſame: foʒ 
he ſuppoſed that the honour of his birth would noching auaile him, except he could render the 
fame mode honourable by bis kuowledge in good letters. Hauing therefode well grounded him 
felfe in religion by reading the Scriptures he applied his ſdudies to the arte ol Phyſicke, a pro 
keſſion worthy a noble wit: but amongſt other thing s. he was rauiſhed with a migbtie deſire to fee 
the greater partes of the woꝛld. as Afia and Africa. Hauing therefore pꝛouided all things neceſſa⸗ 
tie foꝛ his iourney, he departed from his countrey in the pecte of Chpitt, + 33 2, and as another V- 
lyſſes returned home, after the ſpare of 34. yeeres, and was then knowen to a berp fewe. In the 
time ok his trauaile he was in Scythia the greater ann leſſe Armenia, Egypt, boch Lybias, Ara- 
bia, Syria, Media, Meſopotammia, Perſia, Chaldæa, Greece, Illyrium, Tartarie, and diuers other 
4 kingdomes 


2 


. 


tas ſepultus. 


41 * 
An ame + nin 


. * 
e 


’ 
Ae ted 
Ss 


24 


Fol.15.26. 


Epitaphium. 


w 6m YW 


The voyages and diſcoueries S. F. Mandeuil. 


mes ot the woꝛld: and hauing gotten up this meanes the knowledge ol the languages, 
teal — an great varieties, and things miraculous, whereok himſelfe had bene an eie wit⸗ 
nes. ſhould perith in obliuion, he committed his whole trauell of 33. yeeres to wpiting in thee di⸗ 
uers tongues, Eng lih, French aud Latine. Being arriued againe in Eng land, and hauing ſeene 


the wickednes ok that age, he gaue out this ſpeach: In our time ( lapd hej it may be ſpoken moze 


truelp then of olde, that vertue is gone, the Church is vnder foote, the Clergie is in errour the de: 
uill raigneth, and Simonie beareth the [way, xc. ö 

ie died at Leege,inehe peere 1372, the 17. dayof Nouember, being there burier in the Ab: 
bie ofthe Dyer cf the Guilielmites. 


The Tombe and Epitaph of Sir lohn Mandeuil, in the citie 
of Lege, fpoken of by Orteliusyin his booke called Itine- 


rarium Belgiæ, in this fort. 


WE Agna & populofa Leodij fuburbia, ad collium radices, in quorum iugis multa fine, 


& pulcherrima monaſteria, inter quæ magnificum illud,ac nobile D. Laurentio dica- 

tum, ab Raginardo Epiſcopo. Eſt in hac quoque regione, vel ſuburbijs Leodij, Guili- 
elmitarum Coenobium,in quo Epitaphium hoc Ioannis a Mandeuille, excepimus. 

Hic iacet vir nobilis, D. Ioannes de Mandeuille, aliter dictus ad Barbam, Miles, Dominus de 

Campdi, natus de Anglia, Medicinæ profeſſor, deuotiſsimus, orator, & bonorum largiſsi- 

mus pauperibus erogator, qui toto quaſi orbe luſtrato, Leodij diem vitæ ſuæ clauſit ex- 

tremum. Anno Dom. 1371. Menſis Nouembris, Die 17. 

Hæc in lapide : in quo cælata viri armati imago, Leonem calcantis, barba bifurcata, ad caput 

manus benedicens, & vernacula hac verba: Vos qus pafess ſor mi, pour I amour deix proiespor mi. 

Clipeus erat vacuus, in quo olim fuiffe dicebant laminam æream, & eius in ea itidem cælata in- 


_ fignia,Leonem videlicet argenteum, cui ad pects lunula rubea in campo cæruleo, quem Lime 


bus amhiret denticulatus ex auro. Eius nobis oſtendebant, & cultros, ephipia que, & calcaria 
quibus vſum fuiſſe aſſerebant, in peragrando toto feré terrarum orbe, vt clarils teftatur eius Iti- 
nerarium, quod typis etiam excuſum paſsim habetur. 


TABVLA PRAESENTIS LIBRI IOAN. 
NIS MANDEVIL, SINGVLA PER OR- 
dinem capitula, & in corum quolibet quid agitur, noti- 
ficat euidenter. 


CAPV Tr. I. 


<5 Ommendatio brenss terre Hieroſoly- 
mitane. 
r 2 lter ab Anglia tamuper terras 


gudm per aquai vſque in Conſtan- 

tinopolim. 
De vrbe Conſtautinopoli, & reliquis ibidem 

contentis. 
Via tam per terras quam per aquat, a Con- 
ftantinopoli vſque Acharon, vel Acn. 
5 Viaa Francia & Flandria, per folas terrat 

ufque in Hitrnfalem, 
Va de pro vel de Hiernfalem, vfqne in 
Babyloniam Egypti, 


7 De Pallatio Soldani, cy noiminibua treter 


term Soldanorum. 
De C Balſami in Egypto. 
9. De We eee 
40 DecondufinSoldani, °° 
th De MonafterioSinay. 
12, Iter per dſernon Sinayufqwe in Iudaam. 
De ciuitate Bethleem, & femita,vfanets len 


ruſalem. 

14 De Ecclefiagloriofi fepulcbri Domini in vr- 
be Ieruſalem. 

15 De tribus alys Ecclſis, & Specialiter de 
Templo Domini. 

16 De pluribus locis facrisextraurbem, 

17 De ſacrislocis extra muros cinitatis, 

18 De alyslocis notabilibus. 


19 De Nazareth & Samaria. 
20 De Territorio Galilee & Samaria. 


2 De ſecta deteſtabili Sarracenorum, 

22 De vita Mabometi. 

<3 De colloquio Authoris cum Soldano, 

24 Per ſuaſis ad non credentes terrarum diner {ia 
tates per orbem terræ. 

25 De Armenia, & Perfia, 

26 De Ethiopia & diamantibus , ac de infima 
G media India, 

27 De forefto piperis, 

28 DeEcclefia beati Thoma Apoftoli. 

29 De qubufdem meridionalibus infulis, & 


farina 


F. Mandeuil. 


dge of the languages, 
elfe had bene an eie Wit 
PS to whiting in tee di⸗ 
gland, and hauing ſeene 
it map be ſpoken moze 
gie is in errour, the de⸗ 


there buried in the Ab⸗ 


il, in the citie 
Itine- 


uorum iugis multa ſunt, 
pbile D. Laurentio dica- 
ſuburbijs Leodij, Guili- 
undeuille, excepimus. 

am, Miles, Dominus de 
or, & bonorum largiſsi- 
diem vite ſuæ clauſit ex- 


parba bifurcata, ad caput 
amour deix pro i es por mi. 
us in ea itidem cælata in- 
po cæruleo, quem Lim- 
ephipiaque, & calcaria 
tclarids teſtatur eius Iti- 


I IOAN. 
ER OR- 


noti- 


of fepulchri Domini in vr- 


Eccleſus, & Specialiter de 


ſacrit extra vrbem. 
tra muros ciuitatit. 
abilibus, 

‘Samaria. 

lilea & Samaria. 
ili Sarracenorum. 
ets, 

thoris cum Soldano. 
sv edentes terrarum diner {ia 
74. 

Perſia. 


diamantibus , ac de infuma 


F Mandeuil, 


farina & moll. 
30 De Reguo Cynocephalorum, &. alis Inſulir. 


of the Englifh nation. 
4 De magnificentia lmperatoris India. 
42 De frequentia Palaty, & comitatn Impera- 


4 De malus ali inſalis Meridsonaliboa. toris presbiteri Ioanme. 
72 De bonaregione Mang. 43 De quibufdam miris per Regiones Impery 
india, 


DePygmessch itinere vfg,prouincia Cathay. 
4 De e, Imperatoris 1 Ban. 
77 De quatuor folemnitatibus , quas magnus 
Chan celebrat in Anno. (res. 
36 De prafirgysin feſto, & de comitatu Imperato 
37 Qua de canſa dicitur magnus Chan. 
38 De territorio Cathay, & moribus Tartaro- 


4 De loco & diſpoſſtione Vallis infauſta. 

45 De qubuſdam alis admirandis, per Inde- 
rum infulas, i 

46 De periculis & tormentis in valle infanfia. 

47 De Bragmannorum inſulis, & aliorum. 

48 Aliqud de loco Paradiſi terreſtris per audi- 
im 


rum. 
39 De ſtpultura Imperatoris magu Chan, & 49 In renertendo de Regnis Caſam, & Riboth, 


dl creatione ſucceſſoris. de Diuite Epulone; vel c onſimili. 
40 De multis regionibus Imperio Tartarte 30 De compeſitione huins tratlatns in Cinitate 
ſabiectis. Leodienſi. 


LIBER PRASENS, CVIVS AVTHOR EST 
LOANNES MANDEVILL militaris ordinis, agit de 
diner fis patryjs,Regionibus, Prouincijs, & inſulis, Turcia, Armenia 
maiore & minore, Ægypto, Lybia baſſa & alta, Syria, Arabia, Perfia, Chaldza, 
Tartaria, India, & de infinitis inſulis, Ciuitatibus, villis, caſtris, & locis, quæ gentes, 
legum, morum, ac rituum inhabitant diuerſorum. 


DepicaTio Lisrt 
RRQ Rincipi excellentiffimo, pre cuntlis mortalibus pracipue venerando, Domino Eduardo eins 
a nominis tertio, diuina prouidentia, Francorum G- Anglorum Regi Sereni{fimo, Hibernia 
Domino, Aquitanie Duci, mari ac eins infulis occidentalibus dominanti, Chriſtianorum 
SIS encomio & ornatui, vniuerſorumque arma gerentium Tutori, ac Probitatis &. ſtrenuita- 
tis exemplo,principi quoque innitto,mirabilis Alexandri Sequaci, ac vniuerſo orbi tremẽdo, cum reue- 
rentia non qua decet, cum ad talem, & tantam renerentiam minus ſuſſicientes extiterint , fed qui par- 
uta, & pofibilitas mittentis ac offerentis fe extendunt, contenta tradantur, 


Pars prima, continens (apita 23. 
Carvin 1. 
Commendatio breuis terra Hierofolimitane. 

um terra Hieroſolimitana, terra promiſſionis filiorũ Dei, dignior cũctis mun- 
2 Ges diterris fit habẽda multis ex cauſis, & præcipuè illa,quod Deus conditor cœli 
& mundi, ipſam tanti dignatus fuit æſtimare, vt in eo proprium filium ſaluato- 
rem mundi Chriftum exhibuerit generi humano per incarnationem ex inte- 
merata Virgine, & per eius conuerſationem humillimã in eadem, ac per dolo- 

. I roſam mortis fue conſummationem ibidem, atque indè per eius admirandam 
reſurrectionem, ac aſcenſionem in cœlum, & poſtremò quia creditur illic in fine ſeculi reuer- 
ſurus, & omnia iudicaturus: certum eſt, quòd ab omnibus qui Chriſtiano nomine à Chriſto 
dicuntur, fit tanquam 4 ſuis proprijs hæredibus diligenda, & pro cuiuſque poteftate ac modulo 
honoranda. A principibus quidem, & potentibus vt ipſam conentur de infidelium manibus re- 


cuperare, qui eam iam pridem a nobis, noſtris exigentibus meritis, abſtulerunt, & per annos heu 


plurimos poſſederunt: amediocribus autem & valentibus, vt per peregrinationem deuotam lo- 


uitur fee 


ca tam pia, & veſtigia Chrifti ac difcipulorum tam Sancta, principaliter in remiſſionem viſitent cundum tem- 
delictorum. Ab impotentibus verò, & impeditis, quatenus ſupradictos vel hortentur, vel in ali- pora in quibus 
quo modo iuuent,ieu certè fideles fundant orationes. Verum quia iam noſtris temporibus ve- Y=" 


rius quàm olim dici poteſt, 
Virtus, Eccleſia, Clerus, demon, fymonia, 
Ceffat calcatur, erratirrgnat, dominatur, 
ecce iuſto Dei iudicio, credita eſt terra tam inclyta, & facrofanéta impiorum manibus Sarace- 
norũ, quod non eft abſq́;ʒ dolore pijs mentibus audiendum, & recolendum, EGO loannes 
Mandeuill militaris ordinis ſaltem gerens 1 & educatus in terra Angliæ, ies 
i 


The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. MAandeuil. 


lancti Albani, ducebat in Addolefcentia mea tali ee quamuis non per potentiam, 
nec per vires proprias poſſem præfatam terram ſuis æredibus recuperare, item tamen per a- 
liquod temporis ipacium peregrinari ibidem, & ſalutarem aliquantulum de propinquo. Vnde 
in anno ab Incarnatione Domini 1322. impoſui me nauigationi Marfilienfis maris & vique in 
‘ hoc temporis, Anni 135. {cilicet,per 33. annos in tranimarinis partibus manfi, peregrinatus 
Pea * ſum ambulaui, & circuiui multas, ac diuerſas patrias, regiones, prouincias,& infulas 721 urciam, 
e Armeniam maiorem,& minorem,e£gyptum,Lybiam baffam & altam Syriam,Arabiam,Per- 
tres &eriginta fiam,Chaldeam,e£thiopig partem magnam, Tartariam, Amazonia,Indiam minorem, & me- 
annos conti · diam, ac partem magnam de maiori, & in iſtis, & circum iftas regiones, multas inſulas, Ciuita- 
nuata. tes, vrbes, caſtra, villas, & loca, vbi habitant variæ gentes, aſpectuum, morum, le gum, ac rigium 
diuerſorum: Attamen quia ſummo defiderio in terra promiffionis eram, ipſam diligentius per 
loca veſtigiorum filij Dei perluſtrare curaui, & diutius in illa ſteti. Quapropter & in hac prima 
e huius operis iter tam peregrinandi, quam nauigandi, à partibus Anglia: ad ipfam defcri- 
o, & loca notabiliter fancta, quæ intra eandem ſunt breuiter cõmemoro & diligenter, quate- 

nus pere gtinis tam in itinere quam in prouentione valeat hac deſcriptio in aliquo deferuire. 


CarvTm 2. 
Iter ab Anglia tam per terrasquamper aqua vſq in ( vnſt antinopolim. 


Vide Hybernia, Anglia, 8 cotia, Noruegia, aut Gallia iter arripit ad partes Hierofolymi- 
tanas poteſt ſaltem vfq; ad Imperiale Grecie Ciuitatem Coftantinopolim eligere fbi 
modum proficifcendi,fiue per terras. ſiue per aquas. Et fi peregrinando eligit tranfigere viam, 
Regis Hunga- tendat per Coloniam Agrippinam, & fic per Almaniam in Hungariam ad Montlufant Ciui- 
rie olim po- taten ſedem Regni Hungariæ. Et eftRex Hungarig multum potẽs iltis temporibus. Nam tenet 
tentia. & Sclauoniam, & magnam partem Regni Comannorum, & Hungariam, & partem Regni Ruf- 
fiz. Oportet vt peregrinus in finibus Hungariæ tranſeat magnum Danubij flumen, & vadat in 
Belgradum; Hoc flumen oritur inter Montana Almaniæ, & currens verſus Orientem, recipit 
in fe 40, flumina ante quam finiatur in mare. De Belgrade intratur terra Bulgariæ, & tranſitur 
per Pontem petrinum fluuij Marroy, & per terram Pyncenars, & tunc intratur Græcia, in Ciui- 
tates Sternes, Aſmopape, & Andtinopolis, & fic in Conſtantinopolim, vbi communiter eft ſe 
des Imperatoris Greciæ. Qui autem viam eligit per aquas verſus Conftantinopolim nauigare, 
accipiat fibi portum, prout voluerit, propinquum five remotum, Marfiliz, Piſi, Ianuæ, Vene- 
tijs, Romæ, Neapoli, vel alibi: ficque tranſeat Tufciam, Campaniam, Italiam, Corſicam, Sardi- 
niam, vſque in Siciliam, quæ diuiditur ab Italia per brachium maris non magnum. In Sicilia eft 
Mons Actna, Mons e#tna iugiter ardens, qui ibidem appellatur Mons Gibelle, & preter illum habentur ibi 
loca Golthan vbi fun ſeptem leucæ quaſi ſemper ignem ſpirantes: fecundum diuerſitatem co- 
* in lorum harum flammarum eſtimant Incolæ annum fertilem fore, vel ſterilem, ficcum vel humi- 
dum, calidum, vel frigidum: hæc loca vocant caminos Infernales, & a finibus Italiæ v{que ad 
iſta loca ſunt 25. miliaria. Sunt autem in Sicilia aliqua Pomeria in quibus inueniuntur frondes, 
te, flores, & fructus per totum annum, etiam in profunda hyeme. Regnum Siciliz eft bona, & 
grandis inſula habens in circuitu ferè leucas 300, Et ne quis erret, vel de facili reprehendat 
Leuea l om. quoties ſcribo leucam, intelligendum eft de leuca Lombardica, qu aliquantò maior eft Geo- 
bardica. etrica; & quoties pononumerum, ſub intelligatur fere, vel circiter, ſiue citra, & dietam inten- 
Quid he dieta. do N 10. Lombardicis leucis: Geometrica autem leuca deſeribitur, yt notum eft, per 
os verſus. 
Quing, pedes paſinm faciunt. paſſul quog, centum 
Viginti quinque fladium, fimillia des que 
Otto facit ſtadia, duplicatum dat tibi leuca. 

Poftquam ita que peregrinus fe credidit Deo & mari, fi profpera ſibi fuerit nauigatio, non 
aſcendet in terram, donec intret aliquem portum Greciz, {cilicet, Myrroyt, Valonz, Durafe, 
ſiue alium prout Diuinæ placuerit voluntati, & exhine ibit Con{tantinopolim prædictam, quæ 

hag Gre. olim Byfantium,vel Vefaton dicebatut. Hic autem notãdum eft,qudd a portu Venetig. vig; ad 
Cõſtantinopolim directè per mare octingentæ leucæ, & 80. communiter computantur ibi 
contentæ. N 
CAP VT. 3. 
De vrbe Conſtanttuopoſi, & reli qui ibilem contentis, 


ee pulchra eft Ciuitas, & nobilis, triangularis in forma, firmiterque mura- 


Tempeties 
Sicihz Inſu 


ta, cuus dug partes includũtur mari Hellefponto,qudd plurimi mod® appellant brachium 
ſanẽti 


fan 
ta te 
nun 
ac i 
feu! 
dia 
& e. 
de il 
fed: 
Sop 
clefi 
& c. 
nan 
pus 
quo 
quo: 
han 
imat 
imag 
rato} 
Gtæ 
aliqu 
Flexi 
plij, 
& ex 
terra 
tum 
fuiſſe 
uta 
Thrs 
timi 
mine 
nium 
ti an 
aqua 
tione 
Impe 
venti 
ri, & 
Virg 
tem 
Vig 
& dic 
Jarun 
riant 
tis fuc 
dicen 
Rom 
tene 
creat 


fertd 


J. Mande uil. 


is non per potentiam, 
ire, item tamen tara 
ade propinquo.Vnde 
enſis maris & vique in 
s manfi, peregrinatus 
„& inſulas, I urciam, 
yriam, Arabiam, Per- 
lam minorem, & me- 
nultas inſulas, Ciuita- 
um, legum, ac rituum 
ipfam diligentius per 
ropter & in hac prima 
gliæ ad ipſam defcri- 
& diligenter, quate- 
n aliquo deſeruire. 


inopolim. 


partes Hieroſolymi- 
inopolim eligere ſibi 
ligit tranſigere viam, 
ad Montluſant Ciui- 
mporibus. Nam tenet 
& partem Regni Ruſ- 
ij flumen, & vadat in 
us Orientem, recipit 
Bulgariæ, & tranſitur 
ratur Græcia, in Ciui- 
bi communiter eft fee 
atinopolim nauigare, 
æ, Pifi, Ianuæ, Vene- 
am, Corſicam, Sardi- 
agnum. In Sicilia eſt 
er illum habentur ibi 
dum diuerſitatem co- 
em, ſiccum vel humi- 
libus Italie vſque ad 
inueniuntur frondes, 
in Siciliz eft bona, & 
de facili reprehendat 
antò maior eft Geo- 
itra, & dietam inten- 
tur, vt notum eft, per 


erit nauigatio, non 
pyt, Valonæ, Duraſe, 
plim prædictam, qua 
ort Venetię, vſq́; ad 
iter computantur ibi 


a, firmiterque mura- 
dappellant brachium 
ſancti 


ſancti Georgij,& aliqui Buke, Troia vetus. Verſus locum vbi hoc brachium exit de mari eſt la- 
ta terræ planities, in qua antiquitus ſtetit Troia Ciuitas de qua apud Poetas mira leguntur, fed 


S. J. Mandeuil, "ofthe Englifh mations ‘7 


nunc valde modica apparent veſtigia Ciuitatis, In Conftantinopoli habentur multa mirabilia, 
ac inſuper multz fanctorum venerandæ relliquig, ac fuper omnia, precioſiſſima Crux Chrifti,@ 


feu maior pars illius,8¢ tunica inconſutilis, cum ſpongia & arundine, & vno clauorum, & dimi- 
dia parte coronæ ſpineæ, cuius altera medietas feruatur in Capella Regis Franciæ, Pariſijs. Nam 
& ego indignus diligenter piuribus vicibus reſpexi partem vtramque: dabatur quoque mihi 
de illa Parifys vnica ſpina, quam vique nunc precioſe conſeruo, & eft ipfa {pina non lignea 
fed velut de iuncis marinis rigida, & pũgitiua. Ecclefia Cõſtantinopolitana in honorem ſancię 
Sophiæ, id eft,ineffabilis Dei ſapientiæ dedicata dicitur, & nobiliſſima yniucrfarum mundi Ec- 
cleſiarum, tam in ſchemate artificioſi operis, quàm in ſeruatis ibi ſacroſanctis Relliquijs: nam 
& continet corpus ſanctæ Annæ matris noſtræ Dominæ tranſlatum illuc per Reginam Hele- 
nam ab Hierofslymlss & corpus 8. Lucæ Euangeliſtæ tranſlatum de Bethania Judea; Et Cor- 
pus beati Ioannis Chryſoſtomi ipfius Ciuitatis Epiſcopi, cum multis alijs reliquijs preciofis; 
quoniain eft ibi vas grande cum huiuſmodi reliquijs velut marmoreum de Petra Enhydros; 
quod iugiter de ſeipſo deſudans aquam, ſeinel in anfo inuenitur fuo fudore repletum. Ante 
hanc Ecclefiam, ſuper columnam marmoream habetur de ære aurato opere fuforio, magna 
imago Iuſtiniani quondam Imperators ſuper equum fedentis : fuit autem primitus in manu 
imaginis fabricata ſphæra rotunda, quæ iam diu è manu ſua ſibi cecidit, in fignum quòd Impe- 
rator multarum terrarum dominium perdidit. Na:nque ſolebat eſſe Dominus, Romanorum, 
Gtacorum, Aſiæ, Syrię, ludeæ, Ægypti, Arabiæ, & Perſiæ, at nunc ſolum retinet Cręciam, cum 
aliquibus terris Greciæ adiacentibus, ſicut Caliſtrum, Cholchos, Ortigo, Tylbriam, Minos, 
Flexon, Melos, Carpates, Lemnon, Thraciam, & Macedoniam totam: Suntq́; ſub eo Caypo- 
plij, & alti Pyntenardi, ac a Commannorum. Porrò imago tenet manum eleuatam 
& extentam in orienrem, velut in fignum cominationis ad Orientales infideles. De prædicta 
terra Thraciæ fuit Philoſophus Ariſtoteles oriundus in Ciuitate Stageres, & eſt ibi in loco 
tumba eius velut altare, vbi & ſingulis annis certo diè celebratur a populo feſtum illius, ac fi 
fuiſſet ſanctus. Temporibus ergò magnorum conſiliorum conueniunt illuc ſapientes terræ re- 
putantes ſibi pe e immitti conſilium optimum de agendis. Item ad diuiſionem 
Thraciæ & Macedoniæ ſunt duo mirabiliter alti montes, vnus Olympus, alter Athos, cuius vl- 
timi vmbra oriente ſole apparet ad 76. miliaria, vſque in inſulam Lemnon. In horum cacu- 
mine montium ventus non currit, nec aer mouetur, quod frequentèr probatum eft per inge- 
nium Aſtronomorum, qui quandoque aſcendentes ſeripſerunt literas in puluere, quas ſequen- 
ti anno inuenerunt quafirecenter ſeriptas, & quia eft ibi purus aer fine mixtione elementi 
aquæ neceſſe eft vt aſcendentes habeant ſecum ſpongias aquæ plenas pro anhelitus reſpira- 
tione : In prædicta autem ſanctæ ſophiæ Eccleſia, (ſicut ibidem dicitur, ) voluit olim quidam 
Imperator corpus cuiuſdam fui defuncti ſepelire cognati: cuius cum foderetur fepulchrum, 
ventum eft ad mauſoleum antiquum in quo ſuper incineraium corpus iacebat diſcus auri pu- 
ri, & erat ſculptum in eo literis Græcis, Hebraicis, & Lativis fc. Ieſus Chriftus naſcetur de 
Virgine, & ego credo in eum. Et erat ſimul inſcripta data defuncti ſecundum modum illius 
temporis, quæ continebat duo millia annorum ante incarnationem ipſius Chriſti de Maria 
Virgine. Seruatur quoque hodierno tempore eadem patina in Thefaurario ciufdem Eccleſiæ, 
& dicitur illud corpus gie Hermetis. ſapientis. Omnes quidem, terrarum, regionum, & inſu- 
larum homines, qui iſti Greco obediunt Imperatori funt Chriſtiani, & baptizati, tamen va- 
riant ſinguli in aliquo articulo fidem ſuam a noſtra vera fide Catholica. & diuerfificant in mul- 
tis ſuos ritus à ritibus Romane Eccleſiæ, quia iamdiu omiſerunt obedire Pontifici Romano, 
dicentes, quoniam beatus Petrus Apoſtolus habuit ſedem in Antiochia, quamuis paffus fuit in 


Ecclefia ſan- 
tax Sophiæ. 


Regina Hele- 
na Britanna. 


Imago luſti- 
niani. 


Roma: Idcirco patriarcha Antiochenus habet in illis Orientalibus partibus ſimilem poteſta- Patriarche 
ten, quàm Pontifex Romanus in iftis Occidentalibus. Imperator etiam Conſtantinopolitanus Antiocheni 


ereat eorum patriarcham, & inſtituit pro ſua voluntate Archiepiſcopos, & Epifcopos, & con- 
fert dignitates, & beneficia, ſimiliter inuenta occafione deſtituit, deponit, & priuat. 


CAP vr. 4. 
Via sam per terras quam per aquas à Conſtantinopoli vſ que Acharon. 
A Conftantinopoli qui voluerit ire pedes, tranſibit ſtatim nauigio Brachium Sancti 
Georgij quod fatis eft ſtrictum, ibique ad Ruphinal quod eft forte caſtrum, inde ad Pul- 
uereal, x hinc ad caſtrũ Synopolũ. Ex tunc intrat Capadociam, terram latam fed plenam altis 
2 montibus, 


authoritas. 


Vel Achon, 


— uation . 


g * 2 , 
n 


— — 


F we fe a W = n 
* 0 is ’ ct \ 1 1 ‘ 5 „ 
1 \ 8 5 N „ N lwo 1 2 8 ~y 2 
4 * n * 2 1 1 * 2 8 1 + 5 A * 2 
. - 7 4 * 8 .t a ie : ve e — — 
= 8 — > 5 — * 8 > * » 1 N 2 + * 
: 1 * 8 — — og 
- 8 7 ; = — —— N cr ~~ ot Ly * a ae 
— nee nN : 4 N 
— . = : — : — — — 2 . é 8 
= — — — = — — - t+ 
* 
2 


28 The voyages and diſcoueries S. F. Mandeuil. 


montibus, deinde Turciam ad portum Theueron, & ad Ciuitatem ita dictam, nunc munitain Nr 
firmis turribus, ac muris, per quan) tranſit fluuius Reglay. Poſtea tranſitur ſub Alpibus Noy- pee 
remont, & per valles de Mallenbrinis in diftricto Rupium, ac per villam Doronarum, & alias qne 
villas adiacentes flluuijs Reglay, & Granconiæ, ficque peruenitur ad Antiochiam mino- qui 
rem ſuper Reglay, quæ vocatur nobilior Ciuitas Sy tie: Notandum autem quòd Regnum olim lud 
Antiochia. dictum Syria modo communiter vocatur Sutia. lita verd Antiochia,eft magna, pulchra, ac fir- por 
ma, licet quandoque maior, pulchrior, ac ſirmior fuerit. Tune autem tranſitur per Ciuitates La- que 
ontam, Gibellam, Tortufiam, Toruplam, & Berythum fuper mare vbi fanctus Georgius fer- 
tur occidiffe Draconem.Hinc pergitur in Ciuitatem nunc dictam Acon, quondam Prolomai- 
dem,antiquitus Acharon,quz tempore quo eam vltimò Chriſtiani tenebant circa annũ incar- 
nationis Domini 1280. erat Ciuitas valde fortis,fed modo apparent eius magna ruinæ. Porrò } 
a Conſtantinopoli poterit peregrinus facilius verfus Hieroſolymorũ partes per mare nauigare I. 
qui per terras peregrinare prædictas, ſi deus illi propitius fuerit, & mare fide cõſeruauerit. Qui FVide 
vel my · ergo a Cõſtantinopoli iter trãſire nauigando diſponit, tendat ad Ciuitatem Myrnam vbinune Lit 
nam. offa Sancti Nicholai venerantur, & fic procedendo per multa maritima loca veniet ad Infulam atte 
Sio Sio vbi crefcit gummi maſtiꝶ lucidum: Inde ad Infulam Pathmos Sanétiloannis Euanyelitte, eae 
; & ad Ephefum vbi idem noſcitur ſepultus: hanc totam minorem Aſiam tenent nunc peflimi 2 ſupe 
Turci, & eam appellant minorem Turciam. Poſt Epheſum nauigatur per plures Inſulas vig; 40 
Pateram Ciuitatem, vndè oriundus fuit beatus Nicholaus. ac per Myrrheam vbi ſtetit Epheſus, i &m 
vbi naſcuntur fortia vina valde,deinde ad Inſulam Crete, hinc Coos poftea Lango, vndè Hy- prin 
Rhodus Infy. Pocrates Medicus dicitur natus:tuncq; ad grandem Inſulam Rhodum:& fciend& quodaCon- pus 
la. ftantinopoli vfq; Rhoda, per mare dicuntur ducéta oCtuaginta leucæ. Hanc inſulam totan te- Cra 
nent, & gubernant ChriftianiHofpitalariy nunc tẽporis, quæ quondam Coloſſe dicebatur: nam ca v 
& multi Saracenorum adhuc eam fic appellant, vnde & Epiſtola, quam beatus Paulus ad habi- 5 eſt a 
tatores huius Inſulæ ſcripſit, intitulabatur ad Coloſſenſes. Ab hoc loconauigandoinCyprum, pro 


alpicitur abſorptio Ciuitatis Sathaliæ, quæ ficut olim Sodoma dicitur perijlte, propter vnicum 

crimen contra naturam a quodain Iuuene petulante commiſſum. Sciendum quod a Rhodo ad 
Oybrus In. Cyprum feruntur plenè quingentæ quinquaginta leucæ: Cyprus magna, & pulchra eft Inſula 
fulas habeus Archiepiſcop atũ, cum quinque Epiſcopatibus fuffraganeis : Illue Famogofta, eft ynus 
de principalibus portibus mundi, in quo ferè omnium mercatores conueniunt nationum,tam 
Chriſtianorum, quam multorum Paganorum, & ſuniliter apud portum Limechon. Eft ibi & 
Abbãtia ordinis ſancti Benedicti, in monte ſanctæ Crucis, vbi dicitur ſaluati latronis ſeruari 
crux, qui in eadem cruce audiuit 4 Chriſto, Hodiè mecum eris in Paradiſo. Corpus etiamſancti 
Hylarionis ſeruatur ibi, in caſtro Damers quod Rex Cypri facit diligentiſſimè cuftodiri: Vitra 
modum fortia vina nafcuntur in Cypro, qu primo rubra, poſt annum albeſcunt, & quo vetu- 
ſtiora, eo albiora, ac magis odorifera,ac fortia efficiuntur. Vlteriùs pauciſſimæ villæ, aut Ciuita- 
tes ſunt Chriſtianorum, fed ferè omnia Saraceni poſſident infideles: et proh dolor, ab Anno 
1200. incarnationis Domini aut circà, pacificè tenuerunt. Qui autem a Cypro proſperè legit 
loppa vel ¶fpacia maris, poterit in duobus naturalibus diebus peruenire in portum Ioppæ, qui Jaffe nunc 
laffe. nuncupatur, & proximus eſt a Ieruſalem, diſtans 16. tantui leucas, hoc eft dieta cum dimidia. 
Et ſciendum quod circa medium, inter Cyprum, & Jaffe eft portus I 70 quondam munitiſſimæ 
Ciuitatis, hanc dum vltimo Saraceni a Chriſtianis ceperunt turpiſſimè deſtruxerunt, cuſtodi- 
entes iam curioſè portum, timore Chriſtianorum. Iſte portus non vocatur modò Tyrus, ſed 


Fortia Cypri 
vina. 


Portus Tyri, 
alids Sur. 


Sur. Nam & ab illa parte eft ibi introitus terra Suriz, Ante iſtam Ciuitatem Tyrum habetur 5 a 
quidam lapis, ſuper quem dominus nofterlefusChriftus fedendo fuis difcipulis vel populis pree - 
dicauit, Vnde, & Chriftiani olim fuper hunc locum conſtruxerunt Eccleſiam in nomine Sal tio 
uatoris, Peregrinus vero qui ab hoc loco vult peregrinari, morofe ſciat, quod ad octo leucas 4a ſit 
Tyro in orientem eſt Sarepta Sydoniorum, vbi olim Elias Propheta filium viduæ ſuſcitauit a ru 
Achon.olim Morte. Item; ſciat, quod a Tyro in vnica dicta pergere poteſt in Achon, ſiue Acharon fupra ti, r 
Acharon, ſeripta. Circa Acon verfils mare, ad 1 20. ſtadia, quorum 16. leucam conſtituunt, eſt mons Car- dai 
Mons Car- meli, bi morabatur præfatus Elias, & ſuper alium montem Villa Saffra vbi fanétus Iacobus, & Sol 
meli. Toannes germani Apoſtoli naſcebantur, & in quorum natiuitatis loco pulchra habetur Eccle- Cy 
Foſſa Beleon. ſia. Item propè Acon ad ripam dictam Beleon, eſt foffa multum vtilis, & mirabilis quæ dicitut & 
foſſa Mennon, hæc eſt rotunda circumferentia, cuius diameter continet prope 100. cubitos, ſed 
plena alba & refplendente arena, & munda ex qua conficitur mundum & perlucidum vitrum. alia 
Pro hac arena venitur per aquas, & per terras, & exportatur manibus & vehiculis propèe x Ale 
procul, & quantumcunque de die exhauritur, repleta manè altero reperitur: Et eſt in foſſa ven- bu 


tus grandis & iugis, qui mirabiliter arenam commouere videtur. Si quis autem vitrum de hac Ale 
a arena 


F. Mandeuil. 
lictam, nunc munitain 
itur ſub Alpibus Noy- 
Doronarum, & alias 
d Antiochiam mino- 
m quod Regnum olim 
magna, pulchra, ac fir- 
ſitur per Ciuitates La- 
ſanctus Georgius fer- 
, quondam Ptolomai- 
tbant circa annũ incar- 
s magnæ ruinæ. Porrò 
rtes per mare nauigare 
e fide cõſeruauerit. Qui 
em Myrnam vbi nunc 
loca veniet ad Inſulam 
tiloannis Euangeliſtæ, 
am tenent nunc peſſimi 
r per plures Inſulas vſq́ 
eam vbi ſtetit Epheſus, 
oſtea Lango, vndè Hy- 
& ſciendũ quod a Con- 
anc inſulam totam te- 
oloſſe dicebatur: nam 
beatus Paulus ad habi- 
nauigando in Cyprum, 
perijſſe, propter vnicum 
dum quod a Rhodo ad 
na, & pulchra eſt Inſula 
uc Famogoſta, eſt vnus 
ueniunt nationum, tam 
n Limechon. Eft ibi & 
r faluati latronis ſeruari 
liſo. Corpus etiamſancti 
ntiſſimè cuſtodiri: Vitra 
n albeſcunt, & quo vetu- 
ciſſunæ villæ, aut Ciuita- 
et proh dolor, ab Anno 
1 aCypro proſperè legit 
n Ioppæ, qui Jaffe nunc 
oc eft dieta cum dimidia. 
i quondam munitiſſimæ 
¢ deftruxerunt, cuſtodi- 
ocatur modo Tyrus, fed 
uitatem Tyrum habetur 
ifcipulis vel populis prę- 
ccleſiam in nomine Sal- 
at, quod ad octo leucas à 
filium viduæ ſuſcitauit a 
non, ſiue Acharon ſupra 
nſtituunt, eft mons Car- 
a vbi ſanctus Iacobus, & 
» pulchra habetur Eccle- 
& mirabilis que dicitur 
inet prope 100. cubitos, 
n & perlucidum vitrum. 
us & vehiculis propè & 
eritur: Et eſt in foſſa ven- 
juis autem vitrum de hac 
arena 


S. I. Mandeuil. of the Engliſn nation. 


arena factum in foſſa reponeret, conuerteretur iterum in arenam, & qui imponeret fruſtum 
metalli, verteretur in vitrum: nonnulli reputant hanc foſſam effe ſpiraculum maris arenoſi, de 
qno mari aliquid locuturus ſum in ſequentibus. Ab Acon via verfus Ieruſalem bifurcatur: nam 
qui tenet vnum latus poteſt ire fecus lordanem fluuium, in Ciuitatem Damaſcum, qui verò a- 
liud, ibit in tribus aut quatuor dietis Gaz am, de qua olim fortis Samſon aſportauit nocte fores 

ortarum: deinde in Cęſaream Philippi, & Aſcalonem, & Ioppam portum ſupradictum, Hine- 
que in Rama, & Caftellum Emaus, & ſic in Ieruſalem vrbem ſacroſanctum. 


CAP vr. 5. 
Viaa Francia aut Flandria per ſolas terras vſque lerufalem. 


E or per terras, & per mare a noſtris partibus ducunt in terram promiſſionis de- 
ſcriptis, reſtat breuiter dicendum de alia via, per quam omnino mare tranfeundum non eft, 
videlicet per Almaniam, per Bohemiam, per Ptuſſiam, & hinc per terram Paganorum regni 
Lituanie, & fic per longam, & peſſimam terram prime Tartariæ vſque in Indiam : Dico 
autem Tartariæ prunę, quoniam de hac exijt primus Imperator totius Tartariæ, qui ſemper vo- 
catur Grand Can, quo vix maiorem mundus habet terrenum Dominum, excepto Imperatore 
ſuperioris India, de quibus in fecunda & tertia huius tractatus partibus, aliquanto eft diffufius 
narrandum, Cuncti principes huius primæ Tartariæ, quorum ſummus ſemper vocatur Bachu, 


prima Tartaria terra miſera & fabulofa, & infructuoſa: hoc enim ſcio, quòd per aliquod tem. agris. 
pus ſteti in ea, & perambulaui Inſulas, regiones, & terras circumiacentes, . liber Rulſee nffau, 

Craco, Latton, Reſtau, & alias nonnullas: creſcunt namque in iſta Tartaria modica blada, pau- 
ca vina, & fructuum, ac frugum parua copia, exceptis herbis pro paſtu Beſtiarum, quarum ibi 
eft abundantia: nam carnibus illarum veſcuntur pro omnibus cibarijs, ius earum forbentes, & 
pro potu bibentes lac de omni genere beſtiarum. Quin etiam pauperiores manducant canes, 
lupos, catos, catos, talpas, ac inures, ac huiuſmodi beſtiolas omnes: fed nec aliquis Princeps aut 
prælatus comedit vltra ſemel in die, & hoc parcè, vel parciſſimè: & ſunt homines valdè im- 
mundi, quia non nifi bene diuites vtuntur mappis, linteaminibus, aut lineis indumentis: fed nec 


accipiunt pro ignis materia, vbi fe calefaciunt, & coquendo coquunt. Aeſtiuo tempore, cadunt 
ibi frequenter tempeſtates tonitruorum, fulminũ, & grandinum, quibus domus, arbores, beſtiæ, 
& homines, comburuntur, euelluntur, & occiduntur. Nam & quandoque ſubrepentè oritur 
ibi calor immoderatus, & improuiſo frigus immoderatum. Deinque cum terra illa,fe multum 
inclinet ad polum Septentrionalem, fortius ibi gelare folet, & frequentius, ac diutius quam ad 


partes noſtras, vnde & quaſi omnes habent ibi ſtupas, in quibus manducant, & operantur. Nec Hyeme ee 
cipue iter fae 


valet à noſtris partibus ingredi ad illam nifi tempore gelicidij, quod ad introitum eius ſunt tres 
dietæ, de via molli, aquatica, & profunda, in qua dum viator putaret fe ftare ſecurum, profun- 
dereturin lutum ad tibias, ad genua, ad femora vel ad renes: hoc ergo ſciendum quòd pauciſ- 
ſimi tendunt per hanc terram in viam promiffionis : Nam iter eft graue, diftortum, longum, & 
periculofum ficut audiftis,imé periculoſius quam ſcribo. 


CAP r. 6. 
Via de Cypro vel Ieruſalem vſque in Babyloniam gypti. 


Der ficut potui triplicitèr itinere in terram ſanctam, reſtat videre de duabus alijs vijs, 
quæ incidenter folent contingere peregrinis : Multi namque illorum ex ſpeciali deuo- 
tione defiderantvifitare oſſa beatiflimz Virginis Catharinæ in monte Sinay : Cum igitur ipfis 
ſit neceſſarius Soldani Babylonia conductus eo quod Imperator fit, & dominus omnium illa- 
rum terrarum, quidam poftquam perueniunt in Cyprũ tenduut primo in Babyloniam Ægyp- 
ti, pro impetrando conductu ſecuro, atque indè pergentes in Sinay vadunt in Ieruſalem. Qui- 
dam verò poſtquam perfecerunt peregrinationem Hieroſolymitanam, pergunt per terras ad 


Soldanum pro conductu,& tum in Sinay, propter quòd vtramque viam breuiter deſcribo. De 


Cypro ine Ægyptum itur per mare relinquendo Hierofolymorum terramad{manum ſiniſtram, Dam 


& accipitur primus portus e£yypti,di€tus Damaiata: ibi quondam fuit Ciuitas valdè munita, 
ſed quod Chriſtiani illam, . & altera vice ceperunt, Sarraceni vltimò deſtruxerunt, & we 
aliamremotius 4 mari eiuſdem nominis Ciuitatem ædificauerunt: Hinc venitur in portum 
Alexandriæ e£gypti, que eft Ciuitas magna, pulchra, & fortis valde,fed ab{q; aquis potabili- 
bus, Adducit tamen ſibi per longos ductus aquam Nili fluminis in cifternis ad potandum. 
Alexandria nobilis 30. ſtadia habet longitudinis decemque inlatum. In ea reſtant adhuc 
C 3 plures 


Horda eſt 
tae se 7 : multitudo 
& moratur in Ciuitate Horda,reddunt Imperatori Grand 55 Eft autem hze viuens in 


habent copiam lignorum, vnde & fimum boum, ac omnium beftiarum deficcatum ad folem mee sae 


The trauailes and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


plures Eccleſiæ à tempore Chri(tanorum, fed Sarraceni non cana picturas Sanctorum 
omnes parietes albauerunt. De Alexandria per terras venitur inBabyloniame&gypti,quee etiã 
fun data iacet ſupra prædictum Nilum fluuium : Dicitur autem hæc Babylonia minor ad diffe- 
rentiam magnæ Babylonia, fiue Babel, vbi Deus linguas confudit olim, quæ tendendo inter 
Orientem & Septentrionem diſtat ab iſta dictas circiter 40. nec eft ſub poteſtate Soldani, fed 
Imperatoris Perfarum, qui illam tenet in homagio ab Imperatore Cathay, dicto, Grand Can. 
Hec autem Babylonia ¶Ægypti eft Ciuitas rãdis & fortis, tamen valde prope eam eſt alia ma- 
Cayr ciuitas. jor dicta Cayr, in qua vt ſæpiùs reſidet Sol anus, quanquam Babylonia nomen per feculum 
diffufius eft cognitum, Altera autem via peregrinorum de Hieroſolymis 5 conductu ten- 
dentium ad Soldanum talis effe poteſt. Primò tendant de Terufalem in ſupra 0 idam GazamPa- 
leftinorum, inde ad Caftellum Dayre,atque ex tunc exitur de terra Syria, & intratur a ſuperiori 
parte in deſertum longum arenoſum, & ſterile, propè ad ſeptem dietas, quod lingua eorum vo- 
Abilechde- catur Abilech: tamen per illud inueniantur plura hoſpitia, vbi haberi poſſunt ad victum neceſ- 
lertum. ſaria. Et qui in eundo rectum iter tenet, veniet in Ciuitatem dictam, Balbes, quæ eſt ad finem 
Regni Halapiæ: Sicque expleto Deſerto, intratur terra Ægypti, quam ipſi Canopat vocant, & 
aliqui Merſur, atque ex tunc in Babyloniam, & Cayr pratatam: In iſta vero Babylonia habetur 
pulchra Ecclefia Mariæ virginis, in loco vbi morabatur cum filio ſuo, & Ioſeph tempore ſuæ 
fuga, & creditur ibi contineri corpus Virginis Barbaræ. 
CAP VT. 7. 
De Pallatio Soldani, ac numero, & nomintbus prateritorum Soldanorum. 
Ayr ciuitas Impefialis & Regalis eft valdè imunita, & grandis, decorata fede propria Sarra- 
C: enorum Regni, vbi Dominus eorum Soldanus cõmuniter refidere ſolet, in tuo Calahe- 
lick, id eft, caſtro forti, & lato, ac in euecta rupe ſtatuto. Siquidem Soldanus eorum lingua ſo- 
nat nomen ſimilis maieſtatis. quo nos in Latino dicimus Cæſarem, aut Imperatorem. Pro c- 
ſtodia huius Caſtri funt ibidem omni tempore morantes ſex millia perſonarũ, & pro ſeruiendo, ; citut 
dum ibirefidet,ipfi doldano, qui omnes de Curia eadem accipiunt neceſſaria, & donatiua. Iſte 76 bene 
Imperator Soldanus,eft Rex, ominufque quinque Regnorum magnorum: Canopat, hoc eſt, ic er 
AÆgyptiztotius Iudeæ, ſicut olim Dauid, & Salomon;Halapiz,in terra Machſyriæ, cuius ciuitas 2 gypt 
Damaſcus olim erat principalis; Arabiæ, quod eft regnum valde protenſum, & cum his poſſidet ; cari, 
dominatus omnium Baie ad quod ſciendum, quòd quandoque fuerunt tres Caliphog—- ſiue 
rum donunatus: Ex quibus primus Calipbus qui dicebatur Chaldęorum, & Arabum, erat ſedes sy 
Caliphus in Ciuitate Baldac. Alter Barbarorum & Affricorum, cuius erat ſedes in Maroco fuper 2 fed i 
quid. Mare Hiſpaniæ. Tertius Aegypti: Eft autem Caliphus inter eos, velut inter nos Impera ö pits: 
Seties Solda- tor, & Papa ſimul, ſcilicet, Dominus Temporalium, & ſpiritualium. Exactis igitur Cali- 55 hom 
notũ Acgypti, Phis circa annum incarnationis Chriſti i 150, primus Soldanorum fuit nominatus Saracon: ſe- 6 marc 
cundus filius eius, Saladin, qui Anno 1190. cum Turcis totam ferè terram promiſſionis abſtulit 5 pella 
Richardus à Chriſtianis. Et ſub quo Richardus Rex Anglię cum alijs principibus Chriſtianis cuſtodiebat de ar 
Rex Angle. paſſum Rupium, ne ille ficut propoſuerat tranfire, profeciſſet vltra. Tertius Melachfala, à quo 5 in li 
ſanctus Ludouicus rex Francie captiuabatur in bello. Quartus Turquenã, qui Regem prædictũ — 
redimi dimiſit pro pecunia. Quintus Meleth. Sextus Melethemes. Septimus Melec dayr, ſub quo a quor 
Edwards Edwardus Rex Angliæ intranit cum noftris Syriam,damnificans plurimum Sarracenos. Oéta- merc 
di, Ke; a uus Melec ſalle. Nonus Elphi,qui Anno Incarnationis Domini 1289. deftruxitin illis partibus ta ſer 
Henr, 3. flius enormiter Chriſtianos, & penitus omnes inde fugauit, atque 5 Tripolim Ciuitatem. Deci- i prius 
mus Melethaſſeras: hic cepit Anno Domini 1291. in o¢taua paſchæ Accharon, fugatis vel oc- 5 tam 
diſis ex ea omnibus Chriſtianis. Exinde amiffis ſuccedentium nominibus, ſextus decimus dice- in ole 
Nlandeull fti- sk P 3 : : A. 8 i : 
pendiarius batur vel dicitur Melec Mandibron: ſub ifto ſtetiego 5 aliquod tempus ſtipendiarius in guer- 5 ſtillat 
Soldani con- ris ſuis contra Bedones, qui ei tunc temporis rebellabant. Horum etiain mores, & continen- 5 Balſa 
tra Arabes. tiam populorum, in ſequentibus declarabo: ſicut veraciter fateri poſſum, ipſe ad filiam cuiuſ- cem 
dam fui Principis me obtulit vxorare, & magnis dotare poſſeſſionibus, dummodò Chriftiani- bus u 
tati reſignaſſem: Eumque dimiſi Soldanum, quando de partibus illis receſſi. Soldanus præter feortiſ 
homines ad ſua caſtra ſeruanda deputatos, poteſt educere quoties velit in exercitum de ho- 5 plicis 
minibus de ipfius ftipendijs viuentibus, & ad eius iugiter mandata paratis, 20. millia armato- ſticat 
rum, ex ſola e gypto: Et ex Syria, & Turcia, & alijs terris, 50. millia exceptis ruralibus, & Ci- ; nialit 
uitatum comitatibus, qui ſunt velut innumerabiles. Miles quidem ſtipendiarius recipit de i flame 
Curia pro anni Tempore 121, aureos, & ſub tali ſtipendio ſeruit, cum tribus equis & vno facile 
Camelo, Quadringenti, vel Quingenti horum militum ordinati ſunt ſub vno rectore, qui vo- Balſa 
catur Admirabilis: Et ille ſolus recipit de Curia tantum, ſicut omnes fibi ſubditi: Notandum contr 
quod nunouam extraneus Nuncius ire permittitur ad Soldanum v ſi auratis indutus veſtibus, aqua 
vel 


Dominus 


Potentia Sol. 
dani Acgypti. 


$ 


Ne? 


I. Mandeuil. 


es picturas Sanctorum 
iam Ægypti, quæ etiã 
ylonia minor ad diffe- 
n, quæ tendendo inter 
poteſtate Soldani, ſed 
ay, dicto, Grand Can. 
prope eam eſt alia ma- 
ia nomen per ſeculum 
nis pro conductu ten- 
pra Aclam GazamPa- 
& intratur a ſuperiori 
uod lingua eorum vo- 
ſſunt ad victum neceſ- 
albes, quæ eft ad finem 
pſi Canopat vocant, & 
erd Babylonia habetur 

X Ioſeph tempore ſuæ 


oldanorum. 
ata fede propria Sarra- 
e ſolet, in ſuo Calahe- 
lanus eorum lingua ſo- 
[mperatorem. Pro cue 
narii,& pro ſeruiendo, 
ſſaria, & donatiua. Iſte 
rum: Canopat,hoc eft, 
lachſyriæ, cuius ciuitas 
um, & cum his poſſidet 
fuerunt tres Calipho- 
n, & Arabum, erat ſedes 
des in Maroco fuper 
elut inter nos Impera 
Exactis igitur Cali- 
ominatus Saracon:ſe- 
promiſſionis abſtulit 
hriſtianis cuſtodiebat 
tius Melachſala, à quo 
, qui Regem prædictũ 
s Melec dayr, ſub quo 
um Sarracenos. Octa- 
ſtruxit in illis partibus 
olim Ciuitatem. Deci- 
charon, fugatis vel oc- 
, ſextus decimus dices 
ſtipendiarius in guer- 
n mores, & continen- 
ipſe ad filiam cuiuſ- 
dummodò Chriſtiani- 
ceſſi. Soldanus præter 
t in exercitum de ho- 
tis, 20. millia armato- 
eptis ruralibus, & Ci- 
ipendiarius recipit de 
m tribus equis & vno 
b vno rectore, qui vo- 
bi ſubditi: Notandum 
atis indutus veſtibus, 
vel 


SF. Mandeuil. ofthe Englifh nation. 31 


vel panno Tartarico,aut camoleoto ad modum nobilium Sarracenorum: & oportet vt vbicũ- 

que primum nunc ius Soldanum aſpiciat, ſiue ad feneſtras, ſiue alibi, vt cadat ad genua, vel pro- 

tinus oſculetur terram, quia talem reuerentiam facere, ſignum eſt quòd ille deſiderat ei loqui. Reuerentia 
Quamdiu autem tales loquuntur ſibi, aut literas oſtendunt, circumſtant Apparitores extenſis exhibita Sol- 
brachijs, leuatos tenentes mucrones, gladios, gezas, & mackas ad feriendum, & occidẽdum, fi dano. 

quid dictum vel nunciatum fuerit, quod Imperatori diſpliceat, quam citò ille fignauerit truci- 

dari. Veruntamen ſciendum eſt, quòd nullius hominis perſonaliter ab ipfo quidquam petentis ' 
confueuit repellere preces rationabiles, & contra eorum leges aut mores non venientes. Porrò 

ego in Curia manens,vidi circa Soldanum vnum vencrabilem , & expertum medicum, de no- Culusnomen 
ftris partibus oriundum:folet namque circa fe retinere diuerfarum medicos nationum, & quos fee, de 
nominandæ audierit eſſe famæ: Nos tamen rarò inuicem conuenimus ad colloquium, eò quod ey si 
meum ſeruitium cum fuo modicum congruebat: longo autem poſteà tempore, & ab illo loco 
remote, videlicet in Leodij ciuitate, compoſui hortatu & adiutorio eiuſdem venerabilis viri 

hunc tractatuin, ſicut in fine operis totius enarrabo. Itẽmque in Cayr ciuitate ducuntur ad fo- 

rum communiter tam viri quàm mulieres aliarum legum, & nationum venales, & ad modum 

beſtiarum venduntur pro N ad feruiendum in ſuis artificijs. Habetur quoque ibi domus 

plena furnis paruis, in quibus per cuſtodes domus tam hyeme quam æſtate fouentur oua gal- Mos owe fur- 
linarum, anatum, aucarum, & columbarum, vſque ad procreationem ſuorum pullorum, & hijs us fouendi. 
intendunt, pro certo pretio accipiendo a mulierculis illic oua ferentibus. 


Capvr 8. 
De Campo Balſumi in Egypto. 


Ex hanc ciuitatem Cayr,eft campus feuager Balfami : circa quod ſciendum, quod opti- 
mum totius mundi Balſamum in magno crefcit Indie deferto,vbi Alexander Magnus di- 
citur quondam locutus fuiffe arboribus Solis & Lunæ, de quo in ſequentibus aliquid eft ſcri- 
bendum. Illo itaque Indiæ Balſamo duntaxat excepto,non eft liquor in vniuerſo orbe, qui hu- 
ic creditur comparari. Has arbores feu arbuſta Balſami fecit quondã quidam de Caliphis Ae- 
gypti de loco Engaddi inter mare mortuum, & Ierico, vbi Domino volente excreuerat, eradi- 
cari, & in agro prædicto plantari: Eſt tamen hoc mirandum, quod vbicunque alibi fiue prope 
fiue remot¢ plantantur, quamuis fortè virent, & exurgant, non tamen fructificant. Et ¢ contra. 
tio apparet hoc miraculofum,quodin hoc agro Cayr non fe permittunt coli per Sarracenos 
fed ſolummodò re Chriſtianos, vel aliter non fructificarent: Et dicunt ipfi Sarraceni hoc fr 
pitis ſe tentaſſe: ſunt autem arbuſta trium vel quatuor pedum altitudinis, velut vſque ad renes 
hominis, & lignum eorum aſpiciendum, ſicut vitis ſylueſtris. Folia non marceſcunt, quin prids 
marceſcant fructus, cernitur ad formam Cubebæ, & gummi eorum eſt Balſamum. pl ap- 
pellant arbores, Enochkalſe, fructum Abebifau, & liquorem gribalſe. Extrahitur verò gummi 
de arbuſculis per hunc modum: De lapide acuto, vel de oſſe fracto dant ſciſſuras per cortices 
in 3 ex vulneribus Balſamum lachrymatur, quod in vaſculis ſuſcipiunt, cauentes quout 
poſſunt, ne quid dé illo labatur in terram. Nam fide ferro, vel alio metallo fieret inciſſura, li- 
quor Balſami corrumperetur à ſua virtute. Veri Balſami virtutes ſunt magnæ quidem, & innu- Vinutes veri 
meroſe: nam vix aliquis mortalium ſcire potuit omnes, quamuis inter Phyficos quinquagin- Balfami. 

ta ſeribantur. Rarò vtique Sarraceni vendunt Chriſtianis purum & verum Balſamum, quin 

pris commiſceant, & falfificant ficut ego ipſe frequenter vidi. Nam aliqui tertiam, feu quar- 

tam partem immiſcent terrebynthinę. Alii ramuſculos arbuſtarum, & fructus eorum coquunt Sophiſticatio- 
in oleo, quod vendunt pro Balfamo : & quidam (quod peſſimum eft) nil Balfami habentes, di- nes B: lemi 
Rillant oleum, per clauos gariophillos, & ſpicum nardum, & ſimiles odoriferas ſpecies, hoc pro 

Balſamo exponentes, atque aliis pluribus modis deludunt ementes. Sed & Mercatores inui- 

cem nonnunquam ſophiſticant altera vice: probatio autem veri Balſami poteſt haberi pluri- Probatio veri 
bus modis, quoruin aliquos hic deſcribo. Eft enim Citrini coloris, valde clarum, & purum, & Balfami, 
fortiſſimum in odoris fragrantia: fi ergò apparet alterius quam Citrini coloris, ſeiatur non ſim- 

plicis, ſed cuiuſcunque commixtæ ſubſtantiæ, vel ita ſpiſſum, vt non poſſit fluere, ſcitote ſophi- 

ſticatum. Item fi poſueris modicum veri Balfami in manus palma, non poteris ſuſtinere eam li- 

nialiter in feruore ſplendentis Solis ad ſpacium recitandæ Dominicæ orationis, Item ſi in clara 

flamma ignis vel candela ceree miferis punétum cultelli cum gutta puri Balfami,ipfa gutta de 

facile comburetur. Item fi in ſcutella munda cum puro lacte caprino poſueris modicum veri 
Balfami,ftatim miſcebit fe, & vnietur cum laéte, ita vt Balfamum non cognoſcetur. Item è 

contra, ſi poſueris verum Balfamum cum aqua Lympida, nunquam miſcebit fe aqua, etiamſi 

aquam moueris vehementer, imò Balſamum ſemper tendit ad fundum vaſis, nam eſt in ſui 


quanti- 


Balſamum. 


— 


Thevoyagesanddifcoueries & F. Mandeuil. 


quantitate valdè ponderoſum, & iuxta quod minus ponderoſum inueneris, amplius falfificatum 
noueris. 
CAP VT. 9. 


De Nilo fluuo, & Aegypti territorio. 


Nut fupra dictus fluuius Aegypti appellatus eft alio nomine Gyon, cuius origo eft à Pa- 
radiſo terreſtri. Hic venit currens per deferta Indie Maioris, hincque per meatus ſubter- 
raneos tranſit pluresterras: exiensfub Monte Aloth, inter Indiam, & Aethiopiam, & Mau- 
ritaniam intra Klam Aegypti, irrigans totam longitudinem Aegypti vſque ad Alexandriam, 
ibique fe perdit in mare. Sole intrante ſignum Cancri omni anno, hoc elt, ad uindenam ante 
Feftum Natiuitatis Ioannis Baptiſtæ incipit paulatim fluuius crefcere , & inundare, quouſque 
fol intret Virginem, quod eft circa Feſtum Laurentij , atque ex tunc decreſcere, & minui, do- 
nec Sole veniente in Lybram intra ſuos alueos fe f per inundationem nimis 
effluit, damnificat terre culturas, & fit Chariſtia in Aegypto. Etfimiliter dum parùm exun- 
Raroin Ac- dat, ingruit eſuries, quoniam in Aegypto rariſsimè pluic, aut apparent nubes, quoniam fi 
gypto pluuia. quandoque pluerit in æſtate, terra muribus adimpletur. Terra Aegypti continet in longitu- 
dine dietas quindecim in latitudine fere tres, & habet triginta dietas deferti: a finibus Aegyp- 
ti vſque Nubiam, duodecim ſunt dietæ. Hi Nubij ſunt Chriſtiani, ſed nigri, velut Acth opes, vel 

Mauri. : ? f 
Pheenix auis, de qua dicitur, quod ſeinper vnica ſit in mundo, viuens per annos quingentos, 
que & ſeipſam comburit, ac de cineribus eius, ſue pet naturam, ſiue per miraculum alia ere- 
atur, hæc interdum apparet in Aegypto, & ficut mihi monſtrabatur, vidi duabus vicibus. Mo- 
Phenix viſa a dicdm eft maior Aquila, criſtam in capite maiorem pauonis, collum habens croceum, dor- 
Mandeuillo. ſum Indicum, alas purpureas, caudam duobus coloribus, per tranſuerſum eroceo & rubeo 
regulatam, qui finguli colores ſunt ad ſplendorem Solis delectabiliter videntibus reſplen- 
dentes. In Aegypto multæ habentur arbores, ſexcies aut ſepties in anno fructificantes, ibi- 
que frequenter inueniuntur in terra Smaragdi, & circa oram Nili alij lapides pretioſi. A Ba- 
bylonia Aegypti, vſque ad ciuitatem Meccam , (quam Pagani ibidem appellant Iacrib, & eft 
Mecha. in magnis defertis Arabiæ) ſunt triginta duæ dietę. In ea veneratur deteſtandum cadauer Ma- 
ö chon ſiue Machometi honorabiliter & reuerenter in Templo eius, quod ibi vocatur Muſket, 
de cuius vita aliquid inftà natrabo. Per prædicta itaque apparet, quod Imperator Sarraceno- 

rum Soldanus Babyloniæ, valdè potens eſt Dominus. 


Inundatio Ni- 
li. 


Nubia. 


CapvT 10. 
De condiłlu Soldani, & via 2 ſque in Sinq. 


pris dictum eft de reuerentia Soldani, quando ad ipfum intratur exhibenda. Sciendum 
ergo, cum ab eo petitur ſecurus conductus, nemini denegare conſueuit, fed datur peten- 
tibus communiter ſigillum eius, in appenditione abſque literis: hoc 193 5 70 pro vexillo in 


virga aut haſta dum peregrini ferunt, omnes Sarraceni videntes illud flexis genibus in ter- 

ram ſe reuerenter inclinant, & portantibus omnem exhibent humanitatem. Verumtamen 

atis maior fit reuerentia literis Soldani figillatis quod & Admirabiles , & quicunque alij Do- 

mini, quando eis monſtrantur, antequam recipiant, femultdm inclinant: Deinde ambabus 

manibus eas capientes ponunt ſuper propria capita, poſteà oſculantnr, & tandem legunt 
inclinati cum magna veneratione, quibus ſemel aut bis perleétis, offerunt fe promptos ad 

explendum quicquid ibi iubetur, ac inſuper exhibent deferenti, quicquid poſſint com- 
modi, vel honoris: fed talem eonductum per literas Soldani vix quiſquam peregrinorum ac- 

Liter Solda. cipit, qui non in Curia illius ſtetit, vel notitiam apud illum habuerit. Ego autem habui in re- 
ni in gratiam ceſſiu meo, in quibus etiam continebatur ad omnes {ibi ſubietlot Speciale mandatum, vt me permit 
Mandeuilli terent intrare, & reſpicere ſingula loca, pro me æ placito voluntatis, & mihi exponerent quorum- 
conceſſæ. cunque locorum myſteria distintte & abſque vlb velamine veritatis, ac me cum omni ſodalitate 
mea benigne reciperent, & in cunttis rationalibus audirent, requiſui autem ſi neceſſe foret de ci- 

uitate conducerent in ciuitatem. Habito itaque peregrinis conductu, ad Montem Sinay po- 

teſt à Cayr vnam duarum incipere ſemitarum, vſque vallem Helim, vbiadhuc ſunt duode- 

cim fontes aquarum. Nam vna viarum eſt, vt pertranſeat paſſagium maris rubri, non lon- 

atio eur Ru- gè ab eodem loco, vbi olim populus Iſrael Duce Mot, Deo iubente, ſiccis pedibus 
um mare fic tranſijt idem mare. Quod quidem, licèt aqua fit fatis clara, dicitur ibi Rubrum pro- 
ppellatur. pter lapillos, & arenas ſubruſsi coloris: & continet ibi nunc temporis paſſus ma- 
ris 


F. Mandeuil. 


s,amplids falfificatum 


cuius origo eft à Pa- 

e per meatus fubter- 
Aethiopiam, & Mau- 
ſque ad Alexandriam, 
eſt, ad quindenam ante 
inundare, quouſque 
creſcere, & minui, do- 
er inundationem nimis 
er dum parùm exun- 
nt nubes, quoniam fi 
i continet in longitue 
ferti: a finibus Aegyp- 
pri,velut Act ‘opes,vel 


per annos quingentos, 

r miraculum alia cre- 

di duabus vicibus. Mo- 
abens croceum, dor- 

erſum croceo & rubeo 
er videntibus reſplen- 
mo fructificantes, ibi- 
j lapides pretioſi. A Ba- 
appellant Iacrib, & eſt 
eſtandum cadauer Ma- 
10d ibi vocatur Mufket, 
Imperator Sarraceno- 


exhibenda. Sciendum 
ſueuit, ſed datur peten- 
ſigillum, pro vexillo in 
d Rexis genibus in ter- 
mitatem. Verumtamen 
, & quicunque alij Do- 
nant: Deinde ambabus 
ntnr, & tandem legunt 
fferunt fe promptos ad 
quicquid poffint com- 
juam peregrinorum ac- 
Ego autem habui in re- 
nandatum , vt me permit- 
mihi exponerent quorum- 
cme cum omni {odalitate 
tem ſi neceſſe foret de ci- 
, ad Montem Sinay po- 
, vbiadhuc ſunt duode- 
m maris rubri, non lon- 
iubente, ficcis pedibus 
dicitur ibi Rubrum pro- 


e temporis paſſus ma- 
ris 


S. J. Maudeuil. 


ris in latitudine ferè ſex leucas. Trantmiffoque mari, ibit fuper hanc longe ab oris eiuſdem per 
dietas quatuor, atque ex tunc relinquens mare, tendit per deferta ſex aut ſeptem dierum, vſque 
in vallem præfatam. Alia eſt autem via, vt de Babylonia intret Dyrcen deſerta, tendens ad 


of the Englifh nation. 


quendam fontem, quem dicitur Moſes feciſſe: & hinc ad riuulum Marach, qui quondam, Moſe vel Maffa. 


imponente lignum, ab amaritudine dulcefcebat, & fic tandem in præmiſſam vallem petueni- 
ant. Et reſtat via grandis dicta ad Montem Sinay ab hac valle. Nama Babylonia vſque in Si- 
nay e ſlimatur eſſe via duodecim dietarum, quamuis nonnulli citiùs perueniunt. Hoc verè {ci- 
endum, neminem peregrinorum per hac deſerta fine ductore poſſe tendere, cui note ſunt viz, 
fed nec equi valent tranfire,pracipué quod non inuenirent in defertis quid bibere. Aliquo ta- 


men modo tranſitur per Camelos, eò quòd fe continere poſſunt de dias duobus aut tribus di- Abſtinentia 


ebus: Et oportet vt itinerantes ferant ſecum per viam neceſſaria ad victum proprium, & Ca- 
melorum, niſi quod interdum fortè Came li aliquid fibi abrodere poſſunt circa cortices arbu- 
ſtorum, & folia ramuſculorum. 


CAP VT. 11. 
De Monaſterio Sina, & reliquia beatæ Catherine. 


M Ons Sinay appellatur ibi deſertum Syn: quaſi in radice montis iſtius habetur Cœno- 
bium Monachorum pergrande, cuius claufura in circuitu eft firmata muris altis, & por- 
tis ferreis, pro metu beftiarum deſerti. Hi Monachi ſunt Arabes, & Græci, & in magno con- 
uentu, multum Deo deuoti: viuunt in magna abftinentia,vtentes ſimplicibus cibariis, de lotis 
& dactylis, & huiuſmodi, nec vinum potantes, feſtis exceptis, Illic in Ecclefia Beatæ Virginis 
& matris Catherinæ ſemper lampades plurimæ ſunt ardentes, nam habetur ibi plena copia o- 
lei oliuarum. A poſteriori parte magni altaris monſtratur locus, vbi Moyſi apparuit Dominus 
in rubo ardente, ipſum rubum adhuc feruans , quem dum Monachi intrant, ſemper fe diſcal- 
ceant gratia illius verbi, quo Deus iuſsit Moyſi ibidem, Solue calciamentum de pedibus tuis, 
lorus enim in quo ſtas, terra ſancta eſt: hunc locum appellant Bezeleel, id eft, vmbra Dei. Et 
propé altare tribus gradibus in altitudine, habetur capſa, feu Tumba Alabaſtri, ſanctiſsima 
continens oſſa Virginis. Chriſtiani qui ibidem morantur, cum magna reuerentia aduenienti- 
bus peregrinis, 4 Monachorum prælato, ſeu ab alio in hoc inſtituto, excipiuntur. Is quodam 
inſtrumento argenteo conſueuit oſſa defricare, ſiue linire, vt ex iisexcat modicũ olei, velut pa- 
rumper ſudoris, quod tamen non apparet in colore ſui tanquam olei ſeu Balſami, ſed aliquan- 
tulum pluris magnitudinis. Et ex ifto traditur interdum aliquid petentibus peregrinis, ſed pa- 
rum, quia nec multum exudat. Oſtendere ſolent & caput ipſius Catherinæ cum inuolumen- 
to ſanguinolento, & multas præterea ſanctas, & venerabiles reliquias, qua omnia intuitus 
ſum diligenter & ſæpè, oculis indignis. Habent quoque in iſta Eccleſia propriam Lampadem 
quilibet Monachorum, qua imminente illius difceffu lumen per diuinum miraculum variat 
vel extinguit. Ego etiam curioſids fuper vno dubio quod prids audieram, plures interrogatio- 
nes feci ab aliquibus Monachorum, vtrum ſcilicet prælato eorum decedente ſemper ſucceſſor 
per diuinum ſignnm eligeretur: & vix tandem ab eis recepi reſponſum, quòd per vnum iſto- 
rum miraculorum habetur ſucc eſſor, xidelicet in miſſa ſepulturæ defuncti at Monacho- 
rum lampadibus extinctis, illius ſola Dei nutu reaccenditur, quein fieri vult prælatum, vel de 
cœlo inuenitur miſſus breuiculus ſuper altare, inſcriptum habens nomen prælati futuri. Intra 
hanc Eccleſiam nunquam muſca, vel aranea, aut huiuſmodi immundi vermiculi naſcuntur, 
quod fimiliter per diuinum accidit miraculum: nam antè replebatur Eccleſia talibus immun- 
ditiis, & totus conuentus recederet ad conſtruendam Ecelefan in alio loco. Et ecce Dei ge- 
netrix virgo beata eis viſibiliter obuiauit, iubens reuerti, & dicens nunquam Ecclefiam fimi- 
libus infeftari. In cuius obuiationis loco, in aſcenſu procliuo huius montis per multos gradus 
conftruxerunt Eccleſiam, ædificium excellens, in honorem eiufdem virgmis. Et aliquantò alti- 


s, per ciufdem montis afcenfum eft vetus Capella, quam vocant Eliz Prophetæ, & locum ſpe- 


cialiter appellant Horeb. A cuius latere in montis appendentia colitur vinea, quam nominant 
Ioſuæ ſchophis, de qua quidam putare volunt, quod Sanctus Ioannes Euangeliſta eam prituò 
plantauit. In ſuperiori vetò montis vertice, eſt Capella, quam dicunt Moyſis, & illic rupis ſer- 
uans adhuc corporis eius formam impreſſam dum fe abſcondit, veritus dominum refpicere in 
facie. Locus quoq; ibi oftenditur,in quo Deus tradidit ei decem mandata, ſiue legem proprio 
digito e ſub rupe cauerna, in qua manſit ieiunus diebus 40. Ab hoc monte qui vo- 
catur Mofi,reftat via producta ad quartam Leucæ, vſque in montem qui dicitur Sanctæ Ca- 
therinæ per vallem ſpecioſam, ac multim frigidam. Cirea eius medium habetur Eccleſia, no- 
mine 40. Martyrum conftruéta,vbi interdum veniunt Monachi cantare iniſſam. Hic i eft 

atis 


— 


Ae FEW NS FF be 


Toannes Man- 
deuil militans 
contra Ara- 
bes. 
Beerſheba. 


Ciuitas He- 
bron. 


Vallis Mam- 
bra. 
Quercus ari- 
da. 


Gambil {peci- 


es Aromatis, 


The voyages and difcoueries S.LAdandeuil, 


fatis altior Monte Moyſis, in cuius vertice Angeli Dei pi¢ creduntur attuliffe, & lepeliiſſe cor- 
pus fanctiffima Martyris Catharine cum inuolumento capitis {upra dicto. Attamen in ipfo 
certo ſepulturæ loco, licet quandoque ſtetit Capella, modo non elt habitaculum, ſed modi- 
cus aceruus pettarum. Notandum, quod vterque horum montium poteſt vocari mons Sinay, 
eo quod totus circumiacens locus deterti Sin appellatur. Sur deſertum inter mare Rubrum, & 
folitudinem Sinay. deſettum dur idem Scriptura quod & Cades. Vifitatis igitur à peregrinis 
his ſacroſanctis memorijs, & valefacto Monachis, recommendant ſe eorum orationibus, & 
meritis : tune que ſolet aliquid victualium offerri e Pro inchoanda via deferti Syria 
verſus Ierulalem. Et ſicut dixi de priori deſerto, fic nec iſtud ſecurè elt peragrandum abique 
Drogemijs, id eſt, ſemitarum ductotibus, propter vaſtitudinem deſerti. 
CAPVT. 12. 
Iter à deferto Sinq; vſque ad Indaam, 

Er iſtud latum & longum deſertum, moratur vel potiùs vagatur maxima multitudo malo. 
P rum, & inc ompoſitorum hominum, qui non manent in domibus, ſed ſub pellium taberna- 
culis-, quemadinodum & olim filiy Iſrael in eodem deferto ambulauerunt, quoniam aquæ non 
manent ibi diu in locis certis: & ideò mutant tabernacula ſequentes aquas: non colunt ter- 
ras, rar manducant panem, ſed tantum carnes beſtiarum deſerti quas venantur, coquentes 
ſuper petras calefactas ad Solem : fortes ſunt & feroces, & velut deſperati de vita propria non 
curantes, qui licet non habeant arma preter lanceam, & tarchiam, & caput grandi albo lin- 
teolo inuolutum, tamen non verentur exercere guerras, & inire prœlia contra Dominum 
ſuum Soldanum: nam & ego ſlipendiarius in expeditione Soldani contra eos ſæpiùs fui. Iſti 
ſunt quidem Arabes, ſed notiori nomine appellantur Bedoyns & Acopars, & quamuis plu- 
rima mala agunt per deſertum, rarò tamen nocent peregrinis beatæ Virginis Cat arinæ. Ita- 
que peregrinus qui debitum tenuit iter, veniat a finibus deferti in primam ciuitatem Iudeæ, 
qua dicitur Berſeba: eft vicus grandis Hebron inde miliario vergens ad Auſtrum: Hierony- 
mus. Notandum, Theros Mons Dei in regione Magiaw iuxta Montem. Notandum fimiliter, 
Arabiam in deferto eſſe, cui iungitur Mons, & deſertum Sarracenorum, quod vocatur Phaaran, 
Mihi autem videtur, quod duplici nomine, nunc Mons Sinay, nunc Oreb vocatur. Hierony- 
mus. Phaaran nunc oppiduim trans Oreb, iam iunẽtum Sarracenis, qui in ſolitudine vagi peret- 
rant. Hos interfecérunt filij Iſrael, cùm de Monte Sinay caftra mouiſſent. Eft ergo, vt dixi, 
trans Iordanem contra Auſtralem plagam, & diſtat ab Helyn, contra Orientem, itinere die- 
rum trium. In deferto autem Phaaran,Scriptura commemorat habitaſſe Iſmaelem, vnde & Iſ- 
maelitæ, qui nunc Sarraceni, Legimus que que Chederlaomer percuſſiſſe eos qui erant in de- 
ferto Phaaran quod nunc dicitur Aſcalon, & circa eam Regio Paleſtinorum. Hieronymus. 
Hæc Berfheba erat bona & ſpectabilis, vltimo tempore Chriſtianorum, & adhuc ibi reſtant 
nonnullæ Eccleſiæ. 

Hinc ad Leucas duas venitur in ciuitatem Hebron, & Hebron ab Helyn diſtat ad Meridia- 
nam plagam millibus circiter 39. de qua legitur, quòd primis temporibus fuerit habitatio maxi- 
moruin Gigantium, Regumque, poltea Dauidis. In hac eſt illa ſpelunca duplex, que ſeruat 
aſſa ſanctorum Patriarcharum, Abrahæ, Iſaac, & Iacob, Satæ, & Rebecca, conſiſtitque ad radi- 
cem montis, & habetur ſuper iſtam cum propugnaculis ad modum caftri conftruéta pulchra 
Ecclefia,Sarraceni appcliant iftam ſpeluncam Kariackaba, cuſtodientes locum diligenter ac 
reuerenter propter honorem Patriarcharum, & non permittentes quenquam Chriſſianorum 
aut Iudæorum ingredi, niſi oſtenderit ſuper hac ſpecialem gratiam a Soldano, Nam ipſi com- 
muniter re putant tam Chriftianos quam Iudæos pro canibus, & quando deſpectiuè eos vo- 
lunt appellare, dicunt Kylp, d eſt, canis. © 

Ab Hebron incipit vallis Mambre,quz protenditur feré vſq; Ieruſalem: haud remotè ad He- 
bron eft mons Mambre, & in ipfo monte arbor quercus aridæ, quæ pro antiquitate fui, ſpeciale 
fibi nomen meruit in mundo vniuerſo, vt vocetur arbor ficca: Sarraceni autem eam dicunt 
Dirp:hac creditur ſtetiſſe ante tempora Abrahæ, tamen quidam volunt putare à mundi initio, 
virens donec pafsionis Chriſti tempore ficcaretur. Hoc autem certum ett, haberi eam ab om- 
nibus nationibus in veneratione. 

In quoq;m loco præfatæ vallis eft planicies, vbi per plures foſſas effodiunt homines Gambil, 
quod comeditur loco ſpecierum aromaticarum,& per villas defertur venale. Sed & hoc audi- 
ui, quòd nulla ibi foſſa ita valet exhauriri, ſi dimittatur per annum, quin inueniatur de prædicta 
Gambil impleta. n : 

Ad duas leucas de Hebron, monſtratur ſepultura Loth filii fratris Abraisa.Jté de ciuitate Hebrõ 
per quinque leucas amoeni itineris hoc eſt, in media die, venitur in Bethlcem Iudeæ. Notandũ, 
Arbe, 


ſia: 
ſalta 
dece 
locu 
tum 
ro 
at 
era 
5 | 
ſtrati 
appa 
inc 
licet! 
ſtrant 
danti: 
playa 
copia 
neque 
terpre 
De 
tempe 
in cuit 
bis Sa 
jacent 
decit 
dum, 
tur.Se 
cemtr 
Dei. le 
& ipſi 


rufe 
busR 
ridie 
diuerſ⸗ 
ſarum, 
baroru 
Deus 
Ita 
dum & 
uitatis 
Co. Ip 
habens 
dij co 
dum ta 
tum, ac 


J. Mandeuil. SF. Mandel. 


ofthe Engliſn nation. 35 


uliffe, & ſepeluſſe cor- Arbe. d elt, quatuor, primum dicam de eo quod ibi tres Patriarcha Abraham, Iſac, & lacob ſe - Kiriath-Arbe, 
ito, Attamen in ipſo ulti lunt, & Adam magnus, vt in Iudzorum libro ſcriptum elt, lic et eum quidam conditum in 

bitaculum , fed modi- loco Caluarie ſuſpicentur. Corrupted in noſtris codicibus Arboth fcribitur , alibi erat arbor 

elt vocati mons Sinay, cùm in Hebrais legatur Arbe, hæc eſt autem eadem Hebron olim Metropolis Philiſtinorum, 

inter mare Rubrum, & ab yno filiorum Caleb ſortita voc abulum. 


atis igitur à peregrinis 
corum orationibus, & 
anda via deferti Syria 
| peragrandum abique 


xima multitudo malo- 
d ſub pellium taberna- 
nt, quoniam aquæ non 
quas: non colunt ter- 
s venantur, coquentes 
ati de vita propria non 
caput grandi albo lin- 
xlia contra Dominum 
rtracos ſæpiùs fui. Iſti 
pars, & quamuis plu- 
rginis Catharine. Ita- 
mam ciuitatem Jude, 
d Auſtrum: Hierony- 
n. Notandum ſimiliter, 


CAPVT 13. 
De cinitate Bethleem, & ſemita vſqus in lernfalem. 


Ethleem Ciuitas longa fed parua, firmata eft vndique foſſatis fortibus: cuius modꝰ habi- 

tatores quafi omnes ſunt Chriſtiani. In illa ad orientem honeſta, & placida habetur Eecle- 
ſia: (neſcio an 8 eiuſdem quantitatis viderim placentiorem, )extrinſecus habens turres 
ſaltaturas, pinnacula, & propugnacula nobili artificio fabricata, & intrinſecus 44. de marmore 
decoro columnas. Ad principalis autem turris dextram in deſcenſu 16. graduum, eſt diuerforij 
locus, vbi ex intacta & benedicta Virgine naſcebatur Chriſtus homo Deus. Hic locus eft mul- 
tum artificioſè opetatus inarmore, & generoſè depictus auro & argento, varidque colore, cui 
propè ad tres paſſus eſt præſepe in quo reclinabatur natus Dominus, ibique videtur puteus 
quidam, in quo aliqui putare volunt cecidiffe ftellam ductricem trium Magorum, poſt eius 
peractum officium. 

Eft etiam ante prafepe Domini, tumba beati Interpretis Hieronymi, & extra Eecleſiam mõ- 
ſtratur cathedra, in qua refidere ſolebat. Sub clauſura huius ecclefie ad dextram, per 18. gradus 
2 foffa, que dicitur oſſium innocentium cauſa Chriſti ab Herode impio occiſorum. 

inc ad quingentos, vel citra pedes habetur alia Eecleſia nomine Sancti Nicholai, in quo ſei- 


licet loco, poſt receſſum Magorum beata Virgo tempus fui puerperij obferuauir.Ibi 
5 1 25 l 35 5 que mon- 7; H 
ftrantur bay a albis reſperſa maculis, quod fimpliciores narrant ſaxis eueniſſe de abun- 1 


dantia lactis virginis ab vberibus cieéti.In via Bethleem ab Helya miliario contra meridianam 
plagam iuxta viam que ducit Ebron, Chriſtiani de Bethleem colunt circa ciuitatem multam 


copiam vinearum, ad potum {ui ipſorum. Na: Sarraceni non colunt vineas, nec vina vendunt 8 i 
neque in manifeſto bibunt, eò quod liber legis Mahomet, facit ſuper hoc prohibitionem, x in- pon Stee 
terpretatur maledictionem. vinum in ma- 
De Bethleem in Auſtrum duabus leucis habetur clauſtrum Sanctæ Charitatis, ibidem ſuo Mo 
tempore Abbatiſſæ. A Bethleem tendendo Jerufalem inuenitur ad dimidiam leucam Ecclefia, ee 


quod vocatur Phaaran. 
reb vocatur. Hierony- 
n ſolitudine vagi perer- 
Tent. Eft ergo, vt dixi, 


Orientem, itinere die- 
e Iſmaelem, vnde & Iſ- 
ſiſſe eos qui erant in de- 
norum. Hieronymus. 
, & adhuc ibi reſtant 


lyn diſtat ad Meridia- 
s fuerit habitatio maxi- 
ca duplex, qua ſeruat 
æ, conſiſtitque ad radi- 
ftri conftruéta pulchra 
es locum diligenter ac 
nquam Chriſſianorum 
Idano. Nam ipſi com- 
ndo deſpectiuè eos vo- 


** 
m:haud remotè ad He- 
antiquitate fui, ſpeciale 
hceni autem eam dicunt 
t putare à mundi initio, 
eld, haberi eam ab om- 


diunt hominesGambil, 
enale, Sed & hoc audi- 
inueniatur de prædicta 


d. Itẽ de ciuitate Hebrõ 
leem Iudeæ. Notandũ, 
Arbe, 


in cuius loco Angelus dixit paſtoribus, Annuncio vobis gaudium magnum, quod natus e 
bis Saluator qui eft Chriſtus Dominus. Eſt & tumba Rachel Patriarcher, vi etiam 5 
jacent 12. ſaxa magna, quæ quidam autumant illic tumulaſſe Iacob, ed quòd Beniamin duo- 
decimus ſibi filius naſcebatur ibidem. Sicque venitur in Sanctam Ciuitatem Ierufalem.Notan- 
dum, Bethel vicus eft 12. ab Helya ad dextram euntibus Neapoli, quæ primum Luza voc aba- 
tur. Sed ex eo tempore quo ibat ad Icroboam filium Nebat, vituli aurei fabricati ſunt, & à de- 


cem tribubus adorata, vocata eft Bethauen, id eft, Domus Idoli, quæ ante voc abatur Domus Bethel. 


Dei. leronymus. Sed & Eccleſia ædificata eft vbi dormiuit Iacob, pergẽns Meſopotami i 
& ipſi loco Bethel, id eſt, domus Dei nomen impoſuit. . 


CArvr 14. 
De Ecclefia glorioſi Sepulchri Domini in urbe lernfalem. 


Ee cum tota terra promiſsionis, eſt quaſi vna de quinque prouincijs vel pluribus, qui- 
bus Regnum Syriz diſtinguitur. Iungitur autem Iudæa ad Orientem Regno Arabiæ adme- 
ridiem Aegypto, ad Occidentem mari magno, & ad Aquilonem Regno Syriæ. Iudeæ terra per 
diuerfa tempora a diuerfis poſſeſſa fuit nat fo nibus, Cananæorum, lud æorum, Aſſyriorum Per- 
ſarum, Medorum, Macedonum,Grecorum,Romanorum, Chriſtianorum, Sarracenorum, Bar- 
barorum, Turcorum, & Tartarorum. Cuius rei cauſa meritò poteſt æſtimari, quod non ſuſtinuit 
Deus magnos peccatores longo tempore permanere in terra ſibi tam placita,& tam ſancta. 
Itaque peregrinus veniens in Ieruſalem primò expleat ſuam peregrinationem, ad reueren- 


dum & ſacroſanctum Domini noſtri Ieſu Chriſti ſepulchrum: cuius Eccleſia eſt in vltima ci- Templum se- 
uitatis extremitate, ad partem aquilonarem, cum proprio fui ambitus muro ipſi ciuitati adiun- Pulchri. 


Co. Ipſa verd Ecclefia eft pulchra & rotund forma cooperta deſuper cum teꝑulis plumbeis 
habens in Occidente turrim altam & firmam, in pauimenti Eccleſiæ medio ad figuram dimi- 
dij compaſsi habetur nobili opere Latonico adificatum paruum Tabernaculum quafi 15. pe- 
dum tam longitu dinis quam latitudinis , & altitudinis miro artificio intus extraque compofi- 
tum, ac multim diligenter diuerſis coloribus ornatum. Hoc itaque in een ſeu Capel- 
i la, 


ritas, 


36 The voyages and diſcoueries S. F. Mandeuil. 


la, ad latus dextrum, continetur incomparabilis thefaurus gloriofifsimi ſepulchri, habentis octo 
pedes longitudinis, & quinque latitudinis. Et quoniam in toto habitaculo nulla eft apertura 
preter paruum oſtium, illuſtratur accedentibus eregrinis pluribus lampadibus, ( quarum ad 
minus vna coram fepulchro iugiter ardere ſolet) in greſſus. a ; . 2 

Sciendum, quod ante breue tempus folebat fepulchrum effeingrefsis peregrinis accefsibi- 

le ad tangendura & ofculandum fed quia multi vel effringebant,vel conabantur fibi effringere 
Melech Man- aliquid de petra ſepulchri, iſte Soldanus Melech Mandybron fecit illud confabricari, vt nec oſ- 
dybrqn Solda- culari valeat, nec aditi, ſed tantummodo intueri. Et ob illam caufam in ſiniſtro pariete in alti- 
** tudine quinque pedum immurati effracturam petræ ſepulchri ad quantitatem capitis huma- 

ni, quod tanquam pro ſepulchro ibi ab omnibus veneratur: tangitur, &c oſculatur. 

Dicitur ibi quoque communiter præfatam lampadem coram fepulchro ſingulis annis in die 
Sanctæ Paraſcheues, hora nona extingui, & in media nocte Paſchæ fine humano fludio reac- 

Mandeuillus cendi. Quod (ſi ita eſtheuidens diuini beneficii miraculum eſt. Et quamuis id plurimi Chriſtia- 

de hoc dubi· ni ſimpliciter in magno . merito credant, yleriſque tamen eft in ſuſpicione. Forté talia 

tat. Sarraceni cuſtodes ſepulchri fingentes diuulgauerunt, pro augendo emolumenta tributi, quod 
inde reſultaret, ſeu oblationum qu dantur. 

Singulis autem annis in die ccnæ Domini in Paraſcheue, & in vigilia Paſchæ, tribus bis di- 
ebus manet Tabernaculum hoc apertum continuè, & patet omnibus Chriftienis gentibus ac- 
ceſſus, alis verò non per annum fine redditione tributi. Intra Ec cleſiam, propè parietem dex- 
trum, eſt Caluariæ locus, vbi crucifixus pependit Chriſtus Dominus. Per gradus aſcenditur in 
hunc locum, & eft rupis velut albi coloris, cum aliqua rubedine per loca commixta, habens 
ſeiſſuram, quam dicunt Golgotha, in qua maior pars precioſi ſanguinis Chriſti dicitur influx- 

Tumba Go- jſſe: vbi & habetur altare conſtructum, ante quod conſiſtunt tumbæ Godefridi de Bullion, & 

deftidi de iliorum Regum Chriſtianorum, qui circa annum incarnationis Domini, 1 100. debellauerunt 

We & obtinuerunt ſanctam vrbem cum tota patria cx manibus Sarracenorum, & per hoc conqui- 
fierunt fibi magnum nomes,vique in finem ſæculi duraturum. Propè ipfius crucifixionis lo- 

Plalizg.t2, cum continetur literis Græcis hoc ſcriptum: ¢ Oris Basineds ih ee aires alete cerfid e phew vie pic, 
hoc eſt dicere, Deus Rex noſter ante ſecula operatus eft ſalutem in medio terræ. Item direéte in 
loco, vbi crux ſancta ſtetit cum Chriſto rupi infixa, habetur hoc exaratuin in ſaxo rupis: 5 
‘3 Alt i eicwms ac tie, hoc eſt, quod vides fundamentum eft fidei mundi. 

Haud remote ab hoc Caluariæ monte, habetur & aliud altare, vbi iacet columna flagellati- 

onis Domini, cui ſtant de propinquo & aliæ columnæ quatuor de Marmore aquam iugiter re- 
Iterum taxat ſudantes, & (ſecundum opinionem fimplicium) paſſionem innocentem Chriſti deflentes, Eft 
ignorantiam ſub ifto altari crypta, 42. graduum profunda, vbi ſancta Helena Regina reperit tres cruces, vide 
vulgi. licet Chriſti, & latronum cum co crucifixorũ, ac etiam clauos crucis Domini in cryptz pariete. 
3 In medio autem chori huius Eceleſiæ, eſt locus pauimenti ſtratus mirè & pulchrè, ad inte- 
a Anga. ori cõpaſsi figuram,vbi depoſitũ corpus Chrifti de cruce Ioſeph ab Aramathia cum ſuis adiu- 
toribus lauit & cõdiuit aromatibus. Itẽ infra Ecclefiam a ſeptentrionali parte oſtenditur locus, 
vbi Chriftus Magdalena apparuit poſt ſuam reſutrectiont̃, quando eum credidit hortulanum. 
Indorum Ca. A dextro autem latere ad ingreſſum Eccleſiæ habentur gradus 18. ſub quibus eft Capella 
pellaſue ſub. Indorum, vbi foli peregrini de India per ſacerdotes ſuos cantant iuxta ritum ſuum Miſſas, ce- 
ditorum piæſ. lebrantque diuina. Miſſam faciunt quidem breuiſsimam, conficientes in principio verbis debi- 
biteriloannis. tis ſactamentum corporis & ſanguinis Chriſti de pane & vino, ac poſteà paucis orationibus ad- 
ditis, totum oratione Dominica concludunt officium. Hoc autem verum eſt, quod cum maxi- 
ma attentione, reuerentia, humi l cate, & deuotione fe gerunt, & continent diuinis, 
Anlerufalem Porrò illud, quod quidam peruulgauerunt, aut opinati ſunt, ludæam aut Ieruſalem, vel Ec- 
i in medio eleſiam iſtam conſiſtere in medio totius mundi, propter prædictam {cripturam, (in medio tere 
mundi. ræ) hoc intelligi non poteſt localiter ad menſuram corporis tertæ: Nam ſi ad terræ latitudi- 
nem, quam æſtimant inter duos polos, teſpiciamus, certum eft Iudæam non eiſe in medio, quod 
tunc effet fub circulo Aequatoris, & effet ibi ſemper æquinoctium, & vtrumq; polorum ftaret 
iis in horizõte. Quod vtiq; nõ eft ita, quod exiſtẽtibus in Iudęa eleuatur multum polus aréticus, 

Rurfus ſi ad terræ longitudinem ſpectemus, quæ æſtimari poteſt a Paradiſo terreſtri, ſcilicet 
a digniori & latiori terra loco, verſus eius Nadir, ſeilicet, verſus locum fibi in Sphæra terre op- 
poſnum, tune Iudæa eſſet ad Antipodes paradiſ, quod apparet ita non effe, quod tunc effet vi- 
atori de Iudæa ad Paradiſum tendentis equa itineris menſura, ſiue tenderet verſus Orientem, 
ſiue verſus Occidentem. Sed hoc non eft verifimile nec verum, ſicut probatum conftat per ex- 
petientiam multorum. Mihi autem videtur, quod præfata Prophetz ſeriptura, poteſt exponi, in 
medio terra,id eft,circa medium noftri habitabilis, videlicet vt Iudæa fit circa medium inter 


Paradiſum 


eae cea 


ij 
| 


F. Mandeuil. 
ppulchri,habentis otto 


culo nulla eſt apertura 


ipadibus, ( quarum ad 


s peregrinis accefsibi- 
nabantur fibi effringere 
confabricari, vt nec oſ- 
n finiftro pariete in alti- 
ntitatem capitis huma- 
ofculatur. 

hro fingulis annis in die 
e humano ſtudio reac- 
nuis id plurimi Chriſtia- 
ſuſpiclone. Forté talia 
nolumenta tributi, quod 


a Paſchæ, tribus his di- 
Chriſtienis gentibus ac- 
n, propè parietem dex- 
er gradus aſcenditur in 
ca commixta, habens 
s Chriftidicitur influx- 
g odefridi de Bullion, & 
ni, 1100. debellauerunt 
rum, & per hoc conqui- 
e jpſius crucifixionis lo- 
„Aero cid, e bees vt c. 
dio tertæ. Item directè in 
atuin in ſaxo rupis: 55. 
ji. 
jacet columna flagellati- 
rmore aquam iugiterre- 
m Chriſti deflentes. Eft 
i reperit tres cruces, vide- 
omini in cryptz pariete. 
tire & pulchrè, ad inte- 
Aramathia cum ſuis adiu- 
li parte oſtenditur locus, 
um credidit hortulanum. 
. ſub quibus eft Capella 
aritum ſuum Miſſas, ce- 
in principio verbis debi- 
ed paucis orationibus ad- 
rum eſt, quod cum maxir 
nent diuinis. 
maut Ieruſalem, vel Ec- 
cripturam, (in medio tere 
Nam ſi ad terra latitudi- 
n non eiſe in medio, quod 
vtrumq; polorum ſtaret 
ur multdm polus arcticus. 
Paradiſo terreſtri, ſcilicet 
n ſibi in Sphæra terre op- 
n effe, quod tunc effet vi- 
enderet verſus Orientem, 
3 conſtat per ex- 
eriptura, poteſt exponi,in 
læa ſit circa medium inter 
Paradiſum 


SL Mandewil, ofche Engiiln naton— 7 


Paradifum & Antipodes Paradiſi, diſtans tantum ab ipfo Paradiſo in oriente 96. gradibus, pro- 
ut ego ipfe per viam orientalem tentaui : quanquani de hoc non videtur de facili plena certi- 
tudo haberi, eo quéd in longitudine ceeli nulla ſtellæ manent immobiles, ficut in latitudine 
manent poli ſemper ſiri. Vel poteſt ita exponi, quod Dauid qui erat Rex Iudeę, dixit in me- 
dio terræ hoc eft, in principali ciuitate terre {uz Icrufalem, qua erat ciuitas regalis, fiue ſocer- 
dotalis terre Iudeæ: vel forte ſpiritus ſanctus, qui loquebatur per os prophetę in hoc verbo vult 
intelligi non corporeum aut locale, ſed totum ſpirituale, ua quo intuitu nihil ad præſens eff 
feribendum, 
CAP r. 15. 
De tribus alys Eccle/ys,& ſpecialirer de templo Domini. 
Viz duo ſtadia ab Ecclefia ad Meridiem ſancti fepulchri habetur magnũ hofpitale ſancti 
Ioannis Hierofolymitani, qui caput & fundamentum eſſe dignofcitur ordinis hoſpitalio- 
rum modò tenentium Rhodum infulam: in quo recipi poſſunt omnes Chriftiani peregrini cu- 
iuſcunque fint conditionis, feu ftatus,vel dignitatis. Nam Saraceni pro leui cura anxij rumoris, 
prohibent ne apud quenquam fuorum Chriſtianus pernoctet. Ad fuftentationem ædificij hu- 
jus hoſpitalis, habentur in eo 124. columnæ marmoreę, & in parietibus diſtincti 54. pilarij. Satis 
propé hunc locum in orientem eft Ecclefia que dicitur, de Domina noſtra magna: & indé non 
remotè alia, qu dicitur noſtrę Doming latinorũ. ędificata ſuper locum, vbi Maria Magdalene, 
& Maria Cleophę cum alijs pluribus, dum Chriſtus cruci affigebatur, flebant & dolores lamen- 
tabiles exercebant. 

Item ab Eccleſia Sancti Sepulchri in orientem ad ſtadium cum dimidio habetur ædificium 
mirabile, ac pulchrum valde, quod templum Domini nominatur, quod conftructum eſt in for- 
ma rotunda, cuius circumft tentiæ diameter habet 64 cubitos, & altitudo eius 126, & intrinſe- 
cus pro ſuſtentatione ædificij, multi pilarij. In medio autem templi eft locus altior 14. gradi- 
bus, qui & ipſe columnis vndiq́; eft itipatus : & ſecundum quatuor mundi plagas habet tem- 
plum quatuor in troitus per portas Cypreffinas arti‘iciofe compoſitas, nobiliterq́; ſculptas, & 
erciſas. Et ante portam aquilonarem intra templum fontem aque mundæ, qui quamuis olim 
exundabat, tamen nunc minimè fluit. In toto circuitu ædificij extrinſecus eft valdè pro atrio 
latum ſpacium loci, ſtratum per totum pauimentum marmoribus. Hoc templum non ducitut 
ſtare in eodem loco vbi templum Dei ſtetit in tempore Chriſti, quo poſt reſurrectionem a Ro- 
manis deſtructo, iſtud longo poſt tempore Adrianus Imperator extruxit, ſed non ad formam 
pi li prioris: prædictum tamen excelſum in medio templi locum vocant Iudæi ſanctuni 

anctorum. u 5 


Sciatis ial udd Sarraceni magnam exhibent hut templo reuerentiam, & honorem, ſæ- 
ca 


plus illud difcalceati intrantes, & poſitis genibus deuotè Deum omnipotentem exorantes 
nulla enim ibidem habetur imago ſed multæ lampades relucentes. Neminem Chriftianorum 
feu Iudæorum inpredi ſinunt hoc templum, réputantes eos indignos ad hoc, & nimium im- Litera Solda- 
mundos vnde nif virtute lite rarũ quas habui a Soldano, nec ego fiflem ingreſſus. Ingrediens m adite 
autem cum meis fodalibus depoſuimus calciamenta, recogitantes cum multa cordis . — n, 
ne, nos magis id facere debere, quam incredulos Sarracenos, 
Et verè meritd eft iſte locus in magna reuerentia habendus: dum enim Rex Salomon pri- 
milm in illo templo per Dei iuſſionem, & Dauidis patris fui commiſſionem ¢dificafict, exorauit 
ſente cuncto populo Iſtael, vt quicunque illic Deum pro iufta cauſa rogaret audiretur ; & 
ominus monftraitit ex auditionis ſignum per nebulam de cœlo emiſſam, proũt nartat hiſto- 
fia veritatis 3. Regum libro. : 
~ Parrdin eo loco vbi ſtatuerat idem Rex ante templum altare holocauſti, videlicet extra por- 
tamtempli occidentalem, habetur & nunc altare, fed non ad inſtar, nec ad vſum primi; Nam 
Sataceni, quaſi nihil eurantes: traxetunt in eo lineas tanquam in aftrolabio figentes in linearum 
centro batellum, ad cuius vmbram per lineas diſcernuntur diei horg. 
Etiam in hac atrij parte apparent adhuc veſtigia porte ſpecioſę, vbi Petrus Apoftolus, cum 
Euangeliſta Toanne dixit contracto,In nomine Chriſti leſu Nazareni furge, & ſtatim conſoli - 
dabantur illi plantę. . 
3 b CAPVYT. 16, 
ö De pluribus locis facris mxta urbem. 
yee ad dextram fatis de prop inquo habetur & alia Ecclefia, quꝑ nunc appellatur ſcho- 
la Salomonis: rurſuſq; ad Mendiem eft & aliud templum fiue Eceſeſia, quę vocatur Tem- Teme a 
plum Salomonis,qquudd olim fuit caput & fundamentum totius e e R 
Aclauftro hutas tẽpli exctinſecus in Aquilonem ä beatz Ang in cuius * 


ö loco 


The voyages and diſcoueries 5.L.Mandeuit. 


loco creditur virgoMaria in eiuſdem mauris fug vtero fuifle genita, & concepta, parentũq́; illius, 

ſcilicet, Joachim c Anng tumba ſaxca méftratur in defceniu Ecclefig,per 22. gradus, ybi & ad- 

Regina Hele. huc patris eius offa putantur quieſcere, ſublato inde per reginam Helenam corpore ſanctæ An- 

na, Anglia. næ, & recondito (ve prædictum eſt) in Ecclefia Conttantinopoli ſanctæ Sophiæ. a 

E(t & intra hanc Ecclefiam probatica pifcina, vbi quondam poſt motionem Angeli omnes 

Probatica pif. accedentes primi,a quocund; languore ſanabantur infirmi,qug tamen nunc temporis ita negle- 

eina. ta iacet, & deformata, vt videtur immunda ciſtrina. Habetur & ante Eccleſiam arbor grandis &c 

antiqua, de qua nonnulli fabulantur, quod ad beatæ Mariæ natiuitatem principium accepit, & 

um. 

en Mons Sion eſt excel ſior locus in vrbe ad cuius radicem, eſt caſtrũ ſpectabile conſtruclum per 

aliquem Soldanorum. In montis autem cacumine videntur muleg ſepulturę te gum Iudeæ, vide - 

licet Dauid, Salomonis, & quorundam de fuccefloribus ſuis. Ad introitum montis habetur ca- 

pella,& in illa lapis monumenti quem Iofeph de Arimathea obuoluit ad oſtiũ fepulchri eft val- 

de magnus, & eft ibidemaliqua pars columnz flagellationis ac pars mente super quam Domi- 

uus vltimò cænauit cum Apoftolis, & inſtituit noui Teſtamenti ſacramentũ fui venerandi cor- 

poris,& fanguinis, Sub hac capella ad aliquos gradus monſtratur locus eiuſdem cęnationis, vi- 

delicet cęnaculi magni, & in eo vas aqugrũ in quo Chriſtus lauabat pedes Apoſtolorum: iuxta 
quod vas, à Gamaliele, & alijs viris timoratis primus ſepultus fuit protoMartyr Stephanus. 

In eo quoq́; loco intrauit poſt reſurrectionẽ ſuam Dominus ianuis clauſis ad dilcipulos di- 
cens pax Vobis, & agens alia, quę plenius Euãgelica pandit Hiſtoria, ac tandẽ in die Pentecoſtes 
ijſdem ſpititũ ſanctũ , in linguis igneis miſit ibidem. Ab hoc mote Sion verſus ciuitatem habetur 
Ecclefia dedicata ſancto ſaluatori, in quo nunc dicuntur ſeruari oſſa S. Stephani fupradicti, & 
ſiniſtrũ brachiun. S. Ioannis Chtiſoſtomi, cuius corpus vt dia eft requieſcit Conſtantinopoli. 

Item ab hoc monte verſus Auſtrum ab oppoſito plateæ, eſt pulchra Eccleſia noftre Dominę, 
in cuius loco diu morabatur poſt aſcenſionem filij ſui, quamuis pro parte eiuſdem temporis in 
valle Ioſaphat manſerit: nam in ifta defungebatur, & in illo ab Apoſtolis honorificè ſepulta fuit. 
Itemque ab hoc monte in vico eundo verſus vallem Ioſaphat iuuenitur fons aque dictus Na- 

Natatoria Si- tatoria diloe, vbi cecus natus aC hrifto miſſus lauabat oculos, & regreflus eft videns. Et dicunt 
loe. quidam ibidem ſepultum Iſaiam Prophetaus 1178 

Porro mons olim dictus Moria, de quo loquitur Scriptura ſacra, eſt rupis haud longè a ſupra- 
dicto templo Domini in ipſius meridie, in cuius rupis loco excelſo velut eminenti fed edito 
Dominus nofter Ieſus Chriſtus frequentèr infrugbat fugs diſcipulos, & populos, magnaque 
miracula exhibebat, atque deprehentz mulieti in adulterio omnia peccata dimittebat. 

Ab oppofito autem prediéti fontis natatorij habetur imago lapidea, rudi & vetuſto opere 
ſculpta, deformitèrqu: detrita, quæ manus Abſalon nuncupatur, euius ratio lib. z. Regum mon- 
ſtratur. Vbi de prope vidi Arborem Sambucum,ad quam vel citrà cuius locum(vt dicitur)Iue 
das traditor per ſe ſuſpenſus crepuit medius, & diftufa {unt viſcera eius. 1 

Præterea à monte Sion rhe Meridiem vlttà vallem ad iaGtum lapidis eft locus Acelde- 
ina, in quo emptus ager 30. denarijs proditionis eſt, Et in quo ſunt plures ſepulturæ peregrino- 
rum, & veſtigia cellularum, de quondam illic commorantibus Heremitis. 

reine K ‘) C APV Tr. 17. 


Mons Sion. 


De facris locis extra muros Cimstatis, 

Vallis loſa- Ex: muros ciuitatis Ieruſalemad plagam orientalem,eftwallis Ioſaphat cõtigua, ac fi effee 
Phat. foſſata muris ipfius ciuitatis, & Peelelis vbi ſandus Stephanus lopidabatur, & obdormiuit 

in Domino. Hinc non longè eft porta ciuitatis, que dicitur aurea, que nunc ſemper obfirmata 

ſeruatur. Per hanc intrauit Chriftus ſedens ia & adhuc oftenditur rupis ſeruare vefti- 

gia animalis in tribus aut pluribus fui locis. Statim vitra vallem Ioſaphat aſpicitur mons Oliue- 
Mons oliua · ti, ſic dictus a ae ibi fitiolinarum Arbotes. In planicie huius vallis decutrit riuulus dis 
sum, Aus torrens Cedron, fecus quem habetur pulchta, & honorificata Ecclefia facrofanéte ſepul 
TorrensCe- turę beate, & gloriofemattis Chriſti:deſcenditur autem in Ecclefiam per gradus 44. quod ex- 
4 . trinſecus eft vallis inculta per flumum fortaſſe torrentis, ſeu per alios euentus proptèr Antiqui- 
tatem temporis. Ibique monftratur ſepulchrum eius vacuum. Habentur iuxta fepulchrum duo. 
altaria, ſub vno eft fons Aqua que putatur exire de vno Paradiſi flumine. 

Satis prop: ab hac Eccleſia adrupem Gethſemane habetur capella, vbi ſcilicet Iudgis tradi- 
tus fuit Chriſtus a Iuda. In ipſa quoque rupe oſtendebatut mils Houten pref manus ad cigi- 
torum extenfionem,quz artificiofius hununo fludio ſculpi non poſſet, quam referunt Chri 
ſua venerabili manu indinando, ad rupem efficiffedum Iudæi imputas anus ad capiendum 
inie cetunt in eum. Hic ad iacuun lipidis in meridie oranit ad ſuum patrem, & pro vehementi 


orationis 


dicent 
unt Sa 
xici rot 


‘LMandeuit. 


cepta,parentid; illius, 
er 22,gradus,ybi & ad- 
corpore ſanctæ An- 
Sophiæ. 

ptionem Angeli omnes 
unc temporis ita negle- 
leſiam arbor grandis & 
principium accepit, & 


tabile conſtructum per 
urę te gum Iudeæ, vide- 
um montis habetur ca- 
H oftid ſepulchri eft val- 
nfe 175 quam Domi- 
entũ ſui venerandi cor- 
eiuſdem cęnationis, vi- 
es Apoſtolorum: iuxta 
Martyr Stephanus. 

lauſis ad dilcipulos di- 
andẽ in die Pentecoſtes 
erſus ciuitatem habetur 
Stephani ſupradicti, & 
eſcit Conſtantinopoli. 
cleſia noſtræ Dominę, 
te eiuſdem temporis in 
honorificè ſepulta fuit. 
fons aque dictus Na- 
us eft videns. Et dicunt 


pis haud longè a ſupra- 
lut eminenti fed edito 
& populos, magnaqͥue 
ta dimittebat. 

rudi & vetuſto opere 
itio lib. a. Regum mon- 
s locum( vt dicitur)Iue 


pidis eft locus Acelde- 
s fepulture peregrino- 
. ‘ 


phat cõtigua, ac ſi eſſet 
labatur, & obdormiuit 
unc ſemper obfirmata 
ur rupis ſeruare veſti- 
afpicitur mons Oliue- 
lis decurtit riuulus die 
eſia ſacroſanctę ſepul 
r gradus 44. quod ex- 
ntus propter Antiqui- 
iuxta ſepulchrum duo 


i 110 ludgis tradi- 
prefig manus ad digi- 
uam referune Chrifta 
manus ad capiendum 
em, & pro vehementi 

orationis 


S. J. Mandeuil. 


orationis intentione ſanguineum exudauit ſudorem: atque ibi non remotè videtur tumba re- 

gis Iudeæ Ioſaphat, à quo & vallis ſibi nomen aſſumpſit: & credimus in hanc vallem Chriſtum 

venturum ad nouiſſimum, & generaliſſimum iudicium, vbi( Iohele propheta teſtante)diſcepta- 

bit de omni actione mortalium. Ad tractum ſagittę de hac tumba, eſt Eecleſia vbi ſanctus la- S. lacobi ſo- 
cobus maior Apoſtolus primò poſt martyrium fuit fepultus, cuius modo ſacrata oſſa veneran- puleura, 
tur Compoſtellæ in Galizia. 

Vitra vallem in ſupremo montis Oliueti apice diſcipulis cernentibus, Dominus noſter Iefus 
Chriſtus eleuatis manibus aſcendit in cœlum, & ſuper eundem locum digna habetur Eccleſia, 
in qua eiuſdem Aſcenſione tale ſeruatur in rupe pauimenti indiciũ, quod ſiniſtri pedis Chriſti 
videtur vitimum veſtigium. P 

Hinc fatis prope habetur & capella medio montis, vbi Chriftus fedens prædicauit octo bea- 
titudines, vbi & creditur docuiſſe difcipulos orationem Dominicam, ſcilicet, Pater noſter, &c. 
Ab eo quoq; loco non diftat multum Ecc leſia beatæ Marię Ægyptiacæ, in qua & eius tumba 
videtur: & haud procul inde eſt vicus Bethpliage, vbi Chriſtus miſit ante paſſionis ſuæ tempus 
duos de diſcipulis pro aſina & pullo eius. In cliuo verò huius mõtis Oliueti verſus ciuitatem, 
monſtratur locus, de quo videns Dominus Ieruſalem, fleuit ſuper illam, dicens, quòd fi cogno- 
uiffes & tu, &c. Atq́; vltrà montem in diſcenſu eius in orientem eft villa ſiue caſtellum Betha- 
me,diftans quaſi ad leucam ab vrbe vbi in domo cuiuſdam Symonis inuitatus Chriſtus condo- 
nauit omnia peccata Mariæ Magdalene. Et in ipfo caſ ello, quòd erat ſororis Marthæ, & Marie 

reſuſcitauit fratrem earum Lazarum quatriduanum mortuum. 

De Bethania in Ierico ſunt 5. leuce, que quondam fuit ciuitas ſpecioſa fed iam eft villa mo- Ierico, 
dica: ibi Diues Zachęus aſcendit in arborem Sycomorum, vtvideret tranſeuntem Dominum, & 
reſtituens fraudata quadruplum, obtinuit peccatorum remiffionem oinnium. 

Item de Bethania ad flumen Iordanis eft iter ferè octo leucarum, per montes,ac valles deui- 
os, & deſertos. Porrò de Bethania in orientem ad 6. leucas venitur in montem magnum, vbi 
Chriftus expleto 40. dierum, ac noctium ieiunio temptatus eft à diabolo, fuitq́;ʒ in eodem loco 
quandoq́; Ecclefia,fed modo habetur ibi quaſi cœnobiũ quorũdam Chriſtianorum, qui Geor- Chriftiani 
gic vocantur.Sciendum enim eſt, quod vbiq; intra terram Saracenorum, & ſimiliter multorum Geortici. 

aganorum inueniuntur Chriftiani diſperſi, habitantes ſub tributo, qui licet ſint baptizati om- 
nes, & beatifsmam Trinitatem credentes, diuerſificantur tamen nominibus, moribus, ritibus, 
fide, & opinionibus: ita yt ſemper vel in multis vel in aliquibus diſſentiant à Romanz Eccle- 
fiz conſuetudinibus. ö feeding, 
Aliqui namque eorũ dicuntur Chriftiani Iacobitę: hij errant circa peccatorum remiſſionem, syrij, 


ofthe Englifh nation. 93 


Bethania, 


Capvr 18. 
De notabilibus alys locis, & mari mortuo. 
Ri de ciuitate ſanctę Ierufalen verſus Occidentem itinere leucę, habetur pulchra ſatis 

Eccleſia, in loco vbi dicitur creuiſſe arbor crucis falutiferg. Arbor excelſa, digno ſtipite ſa- 
cra Chriſti mẽbra tangere. Tenetur iſtud quidẽ pro certa veritate: nam & hoc ſatis teſtatur con- Nota. 
ſtructio tãtæ, & talis Eccleſig, quãuis multa aliena, & incerta ſeripta de crucis arbore ferãtur per 
orbé, Hine ad duas leucas eft & alia Ecclefia,vbi obuiauerũt ſibi Maria virgo, & Elizabeth eius 
W ad ſalutationem Marię Chriſti baiulg exultauit Ioannes in vtero Elizabeth grauidæ. 

e iſto quoque ad leucam eft Emaus caſtellum, diftans in ſpacio ſtadiorũ 60. ab Ieruſalem, Emaus caftel. 
vbi difcipuli in coena die reſurrectionis Domini cognouerant eum in fractione panis. Porrd ab lum. 
Ieruſalem ad alium exitum, ad duo ſtadia videtur ſpelunca grandis de qua dicitur 7705 tem- Coſdrus Im 
pore Cofdri Imperatoris Perſarum, fuerunt circa Ieruſalem 12. mille martyrum occiſi, quorum perator. 
omnium corpora leo habitans in ſpelunca congregauit ibidem voluntate diuina, tanquam pro 
— fepuleura obſequioſa. 

Item ab vrbe ad leucas has habeturin monte tumba ſepulturæ ſancti Samuelis prophetæ, 
4. mons nune vocatur exultationis vel lęticię, ed quod peregtinis ab illa parte intrãtibus red- Mons exule 
it primum ſanctę ciuitatis aſpectum. Ab oppido autem Ierico in 30. ſtadiorum ſpacio an — 
D 2 a 


40 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


ad Iordanis Auuij locum, vbi beatus Ioannes Baptiſta Chriſtum ſacri baptiſinatis merebatur 
tingere lymphis. Et in cuius reuerendi myſterij venerationem habetur ad dimidiam leuc am a 
fluuio xditicium honeſtæ Eccleſiæ confecratum in nomine eiuſdem venerabilis baptiſtæ mini- 
ſtri. Ab hac Eccleſia de propé vidi domum de qua patiebar inihi narrari,quéd in eodem loco 
olim fuerit leremiæ ſancti habitatio prophetz, 1 f 
fordanisde- Notandum eft. lordanis fluuius quamuis grandis non fit, bonorum tamen. piſcium copiam 
ſeriptio. nutrit,ortuin accipiens ſub monte Libanon ex duobus fontibus, fcilicet lor, & Dan, que no- 
mina fimul mixta nomen Iordanis efficiunt. Decurrit autem per quendam locum dictum Ma- 
ron ac ſecus ſtagnum quod dicitur Mare Tyberiadis, ac ſubter montes Gylboe per amęniſſima 
loca, atque in fubgerrancis meatibus per longum ſpacium fe occultans tandem exit in planitie, 
qua dicitur Meldam,id eft,forum,quod certis temporibus ibi Nunding exercentur, & ad extre- 
mum fe iactat in mare mortuum. ie Taare Seas 
Hoc ftagnum quod vocatur mare mortuũ habet longitudinis 6e0. ferè ſtadia, & latitudinis 
150. & appropinquat aliqua pars huius matis ad quatuor leucas propè Ierico, videlicet ad la- 
tus camporum Engadi, ex quibus (vt fupra dictum elt)eradicatæ fuerunt arbores Balſami, quæ 
modo ſunt in agro Cayr ¶Ægypti. Iſtud mare dicitur mortuum. 
Cur mare Priméd quidem quod non viuide currit, ſed eft quafi lacus, 
mortuumdi- Secundò quod amara eſt eius aqua, & fcetidum reddit odorem. 
catur. Tertid quéd propter eius amaritudinem terra adiacens littori nil viride profert. 
Quartd ( prout dicitur) fi cadat in ea beſtia, vel aliud quid viuens,vix poterit plenè mori ſiue 
ſubmergi in octo diebus, nec nutrit in fe piſces aut quid ſunile: 
Littora quoque ſua variant quam ſepè colorem, & fine vila agitatione ventorum eijcit in qui- 
bufdam locis fe aqua extra proprios terminos. Per huiuſmodi aquam dicitur Deus pro indi- 
cibili vitio Pentapolim fubmerfiffe,Sodomam,Gomorrain,Adamam, Seboim, & Segor. 
Quidam vocant hoc mare lacũ Aſphaltidis, ali fluuium Dæmonũ, aut flumen Putre. Quod 
autem olim propheta interpretans dixit, montes Gilboe, nec ros nec pluuia veniat ſuper vos, 
magis ſpiritualiter quam literalitér videtur intelligendum. Nam ibi creſcunt altiffimi cedri, & 
arbores poma ferentes, ad capitis quantitatem humani, ex quibus valdè ſaporoſus fit potus. 
Mare iftud mortuum determinat fines terræ promiſſionis, & Arabiæ. Ideoq́; vltra ipſum ma- 
re condidit quondam, vnus ſucceſſorum Godfridi de Bollion forte & pecans caſtrum, po- 
nens illic copioſam Chriſtianorum militiam ad terram promiſſionis cuſtodiendum. Nunc verd 
temporis, eſt Soldani, & appellatur Caruth, id eft mons Regalis. Sub hoc monte elt villa dicta 
Sobal : habitat in illis partibus magna Chriftianorum multitudo, 


CAP vr. 19. 
De Naxareth, & Samaria. 


Ni in prouincia Galilez in qua nutritus, & de qua cognominatus eft Dominus vni- 

uerforum,diftans ab Hieroſolymis ad tres circiter dietas, erat quonda ciuitas, quæ nunc eft 
difperfa, & rara domorum, quod vix villæ ſibi competit nomen: & in loco Annunciationis,vbi 
Angelus ad Mariam dixit, Aur gratia plena, Dominus tecum, habebatur olim bona Eecleſia, pro 
qua paruum Saraceni reſtituerunt habitaculum, in colligendas pere grinorum offerendas. 

A Nazareth redeundo per terram Galileęcranſitur per Ramathaym Sophim, vbi naſcebatur 
fidelis Samuel propheta Domini, & perSylo, vbi locus orationis erat antequam in Ieruſalem: & 
per Sichem magnæ vbertatis vallem, iturin prouinciam Samariz,vbi Naben & bona ciuitas 
nunc dicta Neapolis, diſtans a ſancta vrbe ſpacio ſolius dietæ, ac per fontem Iacob, ſuper quem 
Tefus fatigatus ab itinere colloquebatur Sanuritanæ, vbi & apparet ruina deſtructæ Ecclefiz 
quondam illic habitæ. Et eft ibi villa adhuc vocata Sychem, & in eo eft mauſoleum Ioſeph pa- 
triarche fili) lacob: ad cuius oſſa viſitanda ſub deuotione non minus peregrini Iudæi adueni- 
unt, quàm Chriſtiani. 

Sanuris nne. Hine fatis propè eft mons Garizin cum vetuſto templo orationis Samaritanorum: ex tune 
ſebaſte. intratur Samaria, quę modò appellatur Sebafte,& eft illius principalis ciuitas prouincig. In qua 
fuit primum terre mandatum corpus beati Ioannis Baptiſtæ, inter facra corpora Helizæi, & 
Abdiz Prophetarum, vt quorum affimilibatur virtutibus in vita, corporibus iungeretur in ſe- 

ltura, Hac quoque diftat ab Hieroſolymis, fortaſſis 2. dietas. 

Habetur & alius puteus aut fons intra illa montana, quem plerique fimiliter fontem Iacob 
appellant, cuius aqua ſecundum quatuor anni tempora variatur a {uo colore, vtfit quandoq́; 
clara, quandoque turbida, nunc viridis, & nunc rubra. Certum eſt autem tempore Apoſtolorũ, 
cum Samaria recepiffet verbum Dei, illos fuiſſe conuerſos, & baptizatos, in nomine Domini 

, Tefu, 


L Mandeuil. 


baptiſiaiatis merebatur 
dimidiam leucam a 
erabilis baptiſtæ mini- 
i, quòd in eodem loco 


tamen. piſcium copiam 
t lor, & Dan, quæ no- 
lam locum dictum Ma- 

ylboe per amęniſſima 
tandem exit in planitie, 
exercentur, & ad extre- 


ere ſtadia, & latitudinis 
erico, videlicet ad la- 
nt arbores Bal ſami, quæ 


we profert. 


poterit plenè mori ſiue 


ventorum eijcit in qui- 
1 dicitur Deus pro indi- 
deboim, & Segor. 
jut flumen Putre. Quod 
luuia veniat ſuper vos, 
sf altiſſimi cedri, & 
¢ faporofus fit potus. 
Ideoq;; vitra ipſum ma- 
ſpectabile caſtrum, po- 
ene Mune verd 
ioc monte eft villa dicta 


natus eft Dominus vni · 
nda ciuitas, quæ nunc eft 
oco Annunciationis,vbi 
olim bona Ecclefia,pro 
norum offerendas, 
Sophim, vbi nafcebatur 
tequam in Ieruſalem:& 
habetut & bona ciuitas 
ntem Jacob, fuper quem 
uina deſtructæ Eccleftz 
t maufoleum Ioſeph pa- 
peregrini Iudæi adueni- 


amaritanorum : ex tunc 
ciuitas prouincig. In qua 
acra corpora Helizæi, & 
poribus iungeretur in ſe- 


e fimiliter fontem Iacob 
 colore, vt fit quando; 
m tempore Apoftolori, 
tos, in nomine Domini 
leſu, 


S. J. Mandeuil. 


leſu, & tamen poſtea per quendam Caliphorum peruerſos, Ogerus dux Danorum per Templa- 


of the Englifh nation. 


niotũ virtutem rurſum ſubiugauit Chriſtianitati: ſicq; poſt plures euentus, & variationes, illi qui 5 


nic {unt Samarite,finxerunt fibi hæreſim propriam, & ritũ ab omnibus nationibus ſingularem. 

Fatentur autem fe credere in Deum, qui cuncta creauit: recipiuntque pentateucum ſcriptu- 
rz,cum Pſalterio Dauidis , acerrimè contendentes, ſe ſolos dilectiſſimos Dei filios : qui etiam 
pro nobili differentia inuoluunt capita linteo rubeo, Saraceni autem albo, Indi croceo, & Chri- 
{tiani ibi manentes Indico, hoc eſt, aereo, ſeu hiacynthino. 


Tegumenti 
capitis diffe- 


Porro à Nazareth quatuor leucis, eft ciuitas olim dicta Naym, in 2. miliario Thabor montis sentia 


contra Meridiem iuxta Endor. Ieronimus. Ante cuius portam reſuſcitauit Chriftus defunctum 
filium vnicum matris ſuæ, præſentibus duabus turmis hominum copioforum, Hinc quoque ad 
leucas duas, eſt ciuitas Iſrael, vbi olim morabatur peſſima regina lezabel, quam Dei iudicio 
equorum vngulis conculcatam,canes ferè vſque ad caluariam comederunt. 
CAP Vr. 20, 
De territorio Gallilea, & Samariæ, & de villa Sardenay. 

Tem à Nazareth ad leucæ dimidium, monſtrantur in rupe veſtigia pedum, quæ dicuntur eſſe 

Domini noſtri Ieſu Chriſti vbi de manibus Iudzorum, ipſum de alta rupe præcipitate volen- 
tium deſiluit in iſtam. De quo faltu quidam intelligunt illud ſcriptum Euangelicum, leſus au- 
tem tranſiens per medium illorum ibat. ; 

Ad quatuor autem leucas de Nazareth, eft Cana Galileæ, vbi Chriſtus ad vrbanas matris 
reces, mutauit vndam in vinum optimum. 

Ad diftantiam quatuor leucarum a Nazareth, venitur in Thabor, montẽ ſpectabilẽ, vbi tranſ- 
figurabatur Chriſtus, coram quibuſdam ſuis Apoſtolis, apparentibus ibidem, Moſe, & Helia, 
prophetis, voceq́; dilapſa à magnifica Patris gloria, & videbatur Petro bonum ibi eſſe: quon- 
dam in hoc morite habebatur ciuitas, cum piutibus Eccleſijs, quarum nunc fola reſtant veſti- 
gia, excepto quod ille locus tranffigurationis eft inhabitatus, qui eſt Schola Dei nominatus. 


Mons Thabor 


Notandum, Thabor eft in medio Galileæ, campus mira iucunditate ſublimis, diſtans à Diote- obferuetur, 


faria 3. milliaribus contra Orientem. 

Item de Nazareth in tres leucas eſt villa, feu caſtrum Zaffara, de quo recolo me ſupradix- 
iffe capitè 4. Et inde venitur in Mare Galileæ, quod quamuis dicatur mare, eſt lacus aquæ dul- 
cis longus. 

Vitra centum 6. forſitan ſtadia eft lacus, bonorum pifcium ferax & vber, qui etiam in alio 
loco ſui vocatur mare Tyberiadis, & in alio mare Genezareth, varians ſibi nomen, ſecundum 
ciuitates, & terras propinquas. Circa hoc mare Chriftus frequentér, & libentèr ambulaſſe vi- 
detur: hic vocauit ad fui diſcipulatum, Petrũ, & Andream, lacobum, & Ioannem: hic ſuper vn- 
di ficcis ambulabat veſtigijs, & precipitem Petri filiũ tentantem, verbo increpationis releuat 
ne mergatur, hic denique rediuiuus à morte repleuit diſcipulorum rete magnis piſcibus 153. 

Item in ciuitate Tiberiade, quæ eſt propè hoc mare habetur in veneratione menſa illius cœ- 
nz, quam in Emaus caitello Chriſtus cænauit, cum ab oculis commenſalium euanuit. Hic de 
rn monſtratur mons ille fertilis, mons ille pinguis,in quo de paucis panibus, & de paucio- 
ribus pifcibus iufsu Chriſti fuerunt ſaturati, quinque milla hominum. 

Ad initium autem prædicti maris iuxta villam Capernaum habetur fortius caſtrum totius 
terre promiſſionis, in quo dicitur nata fuiffe ſancta Anna mater virginis Mariæ. 

Prædictis itaq́; Chriſti veſtigijs, & terre ſanctę locis a peregrino cum deuotione cordis & 
reuerentia debita viſitatis, ſi deſiderat reuerti, poſſit illud facere per Damaſcum, quæ eft ciuitas 
longa, nobilis, & grandis, ac plena omnium rerum mercimonijs, cum tamen diſtat 4 portu ma- 
ris tribus plenè dietis, per quod ſpacium itineris, cunéta traijciuntur a ſuis equis Dromedarijs, 
& Camelis: & putatur à pleriſque narrantibus fundata in loco vbi Cain protoplauſtorum fi- 
lius Abel fratrem ſuum occidit. 

ADamafco de propinquo eft mons Seyr, ciuitas grandis firmata duplicibus muris ac popu- 
loſa nimis, in qua {unt multi in arte Phyſica famoſi ptofeſſi. Item A Damaſco haud remote Aae 
caftrum ſatis munitum, & firmum, quod Derces eft nominatum. Habent autem in illis, & vlte- 
rioribus partibus hunc vfum : fi quando caſtrum ab hoſtibus fuerit fic obſeſſum, i Domi- 
nus eius non poſſit emittere nuncium amico ſuo remotè moranti, recipit coluinbam olim in 
caſtro, vel domo amici natam, vel educatam, quam hic fibi per certam prouifionem allatam 
detinuit incaueatam, & ſcriptas quas vult literas alligans colſo columbæ, dimittit liberam vo- 
lare, quæ protinus feſtinat ad locum propriz natiuitatis. Sicque videtur cognoſci in illo caſtro 
quid agatur in iſto. 

Ceterum peregrinus à Damaſco reuertendo, in Dine leucis venit Sardenay, que eft villa 

3 in 


* 


Mare Tyberi- 
adis, 


Damaſcus. 


42 The voyages and dilcol. evies S. J. Mandeuil. 


in alta rupe, cum multis Eccleſijs religioſorum Monachorum, & ſanctatũ monialiũ fidei Chri- 
Villa Sarde- ſtianæ. In quarum vna coram maiori altari in tabula lignea crat olim imago beatiſſung virginis 
nay. Marię non ſculpta ſed depicta in plano ſpacio. Ex hoc reditur per valles Bokar fertiles, & pro 
paſcendis pecorum gregibus exuberantes: & intratur in montana “nM nod ae 0 1 
qui eſluunt impetu de Libano. Ibique decurrit fluuius Sabbatayr, fic dictus quod diebus Sabba- 

tis euidentèr rapidius tranſit, quamalijsfexdiebus, 
Peruenitur hine ad fatis altum montem, propè Tripolim ciuitatem, in qua ad præſens plu- 
res Chriltiani Catliolicæ fidei habitant iugo infideliũ nimis oppreſſi. Ex hoc loco ſibi deliberet 
Sur, vel Ty. peregrinus, quem ſibi maris portũ accipiat ad repatriandũ, videlicet Beruth, an Sur vel Nee 
rus, Poltremò ſciendum, quod terra promiffionis in totali longitudine ſui Dan qui eft ſub Liba- 
no vſq; ad Berfeba in Auſtrum continet circiter centum, & 80.leucas Lombardicas,& ab Hie- 
rico in totali latitudine circiter 60, Notandum, Dan eft viculus in quarto à Penneade Miliario 
euntibus, contra Septentrionem: vique hodiè fic vocatur terminus Iudeæ, contra Septentrio- 
nem : eſt etiam & fons lot, de quo & Iordanis fluuius erumpens alterũ ſortitus nomen Joi. Ter- 
mini ludeæ terræ aBerfabe incipiunt vſque ad Dan, qui vſque Peneaden terminatur, leronimus. 

CA Tr. 21. 
De ſella deteſtabili Saracenorum, & corum fide. 

Am reſtat vt de ſecta daracenorũ aliquid ſeribam vel compendioſè, ſecundum quòd cum ijs 
I frequenter colloquendo audiui, & liber Mahoineti,quem Alcaron,vel Meſahaf, vel Harmè 
vocant, ijs præcipit, ſicut illum ſæpè inſpexi, & {tudiofe perlegi. ace 
Fides Sarace· Credunt itaq́; Saraceni in Deũ creatorem cœli & terre qui fecit omnia in ijs contenta, & fine 
notum quo nihil eft factum. Et expectant diem nouiſſunum iudicij. in quo mali cum corpore & anima 

deſcenſuri funt in infernũ perpetuò cruciandi,& boni equidem cum anima & corpore intraturi 
Paradiſum faœlicitatis eterna. Et hęc quidé fides peene ineſt omniũ inortaliũ nationibus, lingua 
& ratione vtentibus. Verumtamèn de qualitate Paradiſi eft magna diuerfitas inter eredentes. 
Nam & Saraceni & Pagani & omnes ſectæ preter Iudæos & baptizatos Chriftianos ſentiunt 
bonorum Paradifum fore terreſtrem illum de quo fuit expulſus Adam propter inobedientiam 
rotoplauſtus: qui (vt putant) fluit, vel tune fluet pluribus riuis lactis & mellis, & vbi in domi- 
5 & manſionibus otic ehunta meritum vniuſcuiuſq́; ædificatur auro, & argento & gem- 
mis perfruentur omnibus corporalibus delicijs,in oblectatione anime ęternaliter ſine fine. Illi 
ergo qui fide ſanctæ Trinitatis carent, & Chriſtum qui eft vera lux ignorant, in tenebris ambu- 
lant. ludęi verò & omnes baptizati recté ſentiunt Paradifum cœleſtem & ſpiritualem, vbi quili- 
bet ſecundum meritum Diurnitati vnietur, per cognitionem, & amore m. Attamen Iudæi quod 
contra Scripturas ſuas ſanctæ Trinitati contradicunt, & Chriſto obloquuntur, qui eſt vera via, 
neſciunt quo vadunt. De baptizatis autẽ, qui firmiter fidẽ Catholicam in humilitate cordis ſub 
Ecclefig pręceptis ſeruauerunt, hi ſoli filij {unt lucis, & in via veniendi ad cœleſtẽ Pardiſum qué 
Chriftus verbo prędicauit, & ad qué corpore & anima, videntibus diſcipulis, de facto cõſcendit. 
Credunt etiam Saraceni, omnia efle vera, que Deus ore prophetarum eft locutus, fed in di- 
uerfitate quia neſciunt {pecificari,imo ſpecificanti contradicerent defacili,vel negarent, Inter 
omnes prophetas ponunt quatuor excellentiores. quorum ſupremum & excellentiſſimũ faten- 
tur leſum Mariæ Virginis lub wem & Aae e vet cen ſpiritũ Dei, & pro- 
nunciatorẽ ſententiarũ Dei, in iudicio generali futuro, & miſſũ à peo ad Chriſlianos docendos. 
Secundo loco Abrahamum dicunt fuiffe verum Dei cultorem, & amicum. 
Tertium dant Moſi locum tanquam prolocutori Dei Miſſo ſpecialiter, ad inſtruendos Iudęos. 
Quartum volunt eſſe Mahomet, ſanctum, & verum Dei nunc ium ad ſeipſos miſſum, eum le- 
ge diuina in dicto libro plene contenta. Tenent itaq; indubitaté, quod beata Maria Iefum pe- 
perit, & cõcepit ek manens intacta,ac libétér loqui audiunt de incarnatione in ipfa facta per 
_ nnunciationem Gabrielis Archangeli. Nam & Alcharõ eorum dicit, ad falutationem Angeli 
Tiginem expauiffe, quòd tunc erat in partibus Galileæ incantator, Turquis nomine, qui per 
ſulceptam fibiformam Angeli plures virgines deflorauerat, & beatam Virginem conueniſſe 
Angelum, an effet Turquis. Refer quod; cam peperiffe fub palma Arbore,vbi habebatur pre- 
ſepe bouis, & aſinæ, & illic pre confuſione puerperij, & verecundia ac dolore, fuiffe in proximò 
defperatam, & infantulum in confolationem matris dixiſſe, mater ne timeas, Deus in te effudit 
ſecreta ad faluationem Mundi. Hac & his fimilia multa ibi ſei ibuntur fi gmenta,& ifti plura in 
ter ſe narrando componunt, quę hoc loco ventilanda non ſunt. 

Et dicit liber Ieſum fanghiffmun omnium Prophetarum fuiſſe veracem in dictis & factis, 
benignum, pium, iuftum , & ab omni vitio penitus alienum: Sanctum quoque Joannem 
Euangeliſtam poſt prædictos Prophetas fuiffe alijs Sanctiorem, cuius & Euangelium faten- 

tur 


Diligentia 
Mandeuilli. 


. I. Mandeuil, 


1G monialiũ fidei Chri- 
ago beatiſſimę virginis 
s Bokar fertiles, & pro 
copioſitas eft fontium 
us quod diebus Sabba- 


in qua ad præſens plu- 
oe isa bi deliberet 
uth, an Sur vel Tyra. 

Dan qui eft fub Liba- 
ombardicas,& ab Hie. 
to aPenneade Miliario 
, contra Septentrio- 
titus nomen Ior. Ter- 
terminatur, leronimus. 


cundum quòd cum ijs 
el Meſahaf, vel Harmè 


a in ijs contenta, & fine 
cum corpore & anima 
na & corpore intraturi 
aliũ nationibus, lingua 
rfitas inter credentes. 
»s Chriſtianos ſentiunt 
ropter inobedientiam 
mellis, & vbi in domi- 
ro, & argento & gem- 
ternaliter fine fine. Illi 
ant, in tenebris ambu- 
ſpiritualem, vbi quili- 
.Attamen Iudæi quod 
intur, qui eft vera via, 
humilitate cordis ſub 
cœleſtẽ Pardiſum quẽ 
lis, de facto cõſcendit. 
eſt locutus, ſed in di- 
ili, vel negarent, Inter 
excellentiſſimũ faten- 
vel ſpiritũ Dei, & pro- 
hriflianos docendos. 
um. 
hd inſtruendos Iudęos. 
cipfos miſſum, cum le- 
beata Maria leſum pe- 
htione in ipfa facta per 
d falutationem Angeli 
rquis nomine, qui per 
Virginem conueniſſe 
re,vbi habebatur pre- 
blore, fuiffe in proximò 
eas, Deus in te effudit 
gmenta, & ifti plura in 


cem in dictis & factis, 
um quoque Joannem 
& Euangelium faten · 

tur 


S. J. Mandeuil. 


of the Englifh nation. 43 


tur eſſe plenum falutari,ac veraci doctrina, & ipſum Sanctum Ioannem illuminaſſe cæcos, 
leprofos mundaſſe, ſuſcitaſſe mortuos, & in cælum volaffe viuentem. Erat enim ( prout dicit) 
plus quam Propheta, & abſque omni peccato, contradicente eodem de ſeipſo, ſi dixerimus 
quod peccatum non habemus, veritas in nobis non eft: vnde & fi quando Sarraceni tenent 
ſeriptum Euangell Sancti Ioannis, aut illud beati Lucæ, miſſus eſt Angelus Gabriel, eleuant 
ambabus manibus pro reuerentia ſupet caput & ſuper oculos id ponentes, & oſculantur quam 
{epé cum ſumma deuotione. Nonnulli etiam eorum in Graco, aut Latino literati conſueue- 
uerunt cum deuotione cordis id lectitare. 
Idem liber dicit Iudæos perfidos fuiſſe, quòd Ieſu eis primum miſſo à Deo, & multa miracu- 
la facienti credere nolucrunt,quodque per ipfum tota gens Iudæorum fuit dignè decepta, & 
meritò illuſa hoc modo. Ieſus in hora dum Iudas eum pro ſigno traditionis oſculabatur, poſuit 
per Metamorphofin figurain ſuam, in ipſum Iudam, ficque Judæi in ambiguo lumine nocturni 
temporis, pro Ieſu ludam capientes, ligantes, trahentes, deridentes, in fine crucifixerunt, putan- 
tes fe omnia facere Ieſu, qui protinus capto & ligato luda, viuus aſcendit in eælum, deſcenſu- 
rus iterum viuus ad iudicium in die finali. 
Et addit, Iudæos falſiſſimè vſque hodie nos Chriftianos ſuo mendacio decipere, quo dicunt 
fe Ieſu crucifixiſſe, quem non tetegerunt. Hinc errorem tenent Sarraceni obftinati: & quod- 
dam argumentum inire conantur. Nam fi Deus (aiunt) permiſiſſet leſum, innocentem, & iu- 
ſtum ita miſerabiliter occidi, cenſuram ſuæ ſummæ iuſtitię minuiſſet. Sed cum ipſi. vt ſupradi- 
ctum eſt, in tenebris ambulant, idcircò ignorantes Dei iuſtitiam, ſtatuere volunt iuſtitiam, imò 
iniuftitiam quam fabricant in corde ſuo, quia nos de cruce Chriſti ſcriptum nouimus, benedi- 
Gum eft lignum per quod fit iuſtitia. Iſti tamen quod in aliquibus appropinquant vera fidei, Conuerfio Sa- 
multi quandoque eorum inuenti ſunt conuerfi,& plures adhuc de facili conuerterentur, ſi ha- tacenorum 
berent prædicatores, ſincerè eis verbum tractantes , quippe cum iam fateantur legem Maho- 4a e 
meti quandoque defecturam, ſicut nunc perijt lex ludæorum, & legem Chriftianorum vſque 
in finem ſeculi permanſuram. 


CA PV T 22. 
De vita, & nomine Mahometi. 


P in ſuperioribus aliquid narrare de vita Mahometi legiflatoris Sarracenorum, prout 
vidi in ſcriptis, vel audiui in partibus illis. Itaque Macho, ſiue Machon, vtrum in ſecunda 
ſyllaba ſcribatur N, litera, vel non idem refert: & ſi tertia ſyllaba addatur, & dicatur Macho- 
met, vel etiam quarta, Machometus nihil differt, quòd ſemper idem nomen repreſentat. Ipſi ta- 
men illum fepids nominant Machon. Putatur autem iſtum Mahomet habuiſſe generationis or- 
tum de Iſmael Abrahæ filio naturali de concubina Agar, vnde & vſque hodie quidam Sarra- 
cenorum dicuntur Iſmaelitæ, alij Agareni: fed & quidam Moabitz, & Ammonitæ, à duobus 
Loth filijs Moab & Amon, genitis per inceſtum de proptijs filiabus. ö 
Hic verò Machon, circa annum incarnationis Domini fexcentefsimum natus, in Arabia pau- Tempus Na · 
per erat gratis pafcens camelos, & interdum fequens Mereatores in Aegyptum fordellos illo- tiuitaus Ma- 
rum proprio collo deferens pro mercede. Et quoniam tunc temporis tota Aegyptus erat Chri- "Ot 
ſtianæ fei, didicit aliquid de fide noſtra, quod diuertere ſolebat ad cellulam Heremitæ com- 
morantis in deſerto. Et quodammodo fabulantur Sarraceni, quod illo quandoque ingrediente Fabulz Sar- 
cellulam, cellulæ oſtium mutatum in ianuam valdè patentem, velut ante palatium, & glorian- racenorum. 
tur hoc primum miraculum. Qui ex tunc conquerendo fibi pecunias, & difcendo ſeculi actus 
diues eft effectus, & prudens ab omnibus reputatus, in tantum, vt poſtmodum in terre guber- 
natorem Corrozaen,(que eft vna prouinciarum regni Arabia) aſſumeretur, ac deinde defun- 
co principe Codige per coniugium illius relictæ in eiufdem prouinciæ principem eleuaretur. 
Erat auteim ſatis formoſus, & valens, & vltra modum in verbis & factis maturus, & principalis, 
& ſatis diligehatur à ſuis, magis tamen metuebatur,& erat epilepticus, nemine tamen ſciente. 
Sed tandem ab vxore comperto cantriſtabatur, ſe tali morbido nuptam, qui verſutus fefellit, & 
confolabatur mœſtam figmento mendacij excogitati, dicens ſanctum Dei Archangelum Ga- 
brielem ad colloquendum & infpirandum ſibi, quædam arcana & diuina interdum venite, & 
pro virtute aut claritate venignte fe fubitd cadere & iacere ad intendendum inſpirationem. 
Poſt hoc autem, mortuo etiam Rege Arabiæ, tanta egit per ſimulationem ſanctitatis, per ret sc gg 
ret effuſionem, & copiam promifsionum, quod electus eft & aſſumptus, in totius Arabi Mete 
egem. 
Confirmatoigitur Mahometo in regnationis ſux maieſtate ſuprema, tranſactis à concepti- Tempus pro- 
one Domini noftr Tefu Chrifti annis ſolaribus 61 2. in die Iouis feria quinta Hebdomadæ pro- erg 
mulga- 


a —. ——. ea TI EGER ard 


44 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Occaſio vina 
interdicendi 
Sarracenis. 


Potus Sarra- 
cenorum. 


Alids Mecca. 


Ogerus a 
Templariis 
produus. 


Error eorum 
qui putant v- 
numquemque 
in ſua religio- 
ne poſſe beari, 


Colloquium 
Soldani cum 
Mandeuillo. 
Reprehenſio 
Sacerdotum. 


Reprchenfio 
vulgi iuſtiſsi- 
ma. 


Veftimento- 
rum varietas 


reprehenſa. 


mulgauit præfatum deteſtandæ legis ſuæ librum, plenum petfidiæ & erroris, & a 3 tem- 
pore vita lux feruari coegit,qui & vique hodie in tanto æuo, & tot populis non ſine iuſto Dei 
judicio colitur & ſeruatur, quamuis miferabile , & miferandum videtur, quod tot animæ in 
illo perduntur. Erat quoque tempore regni eius, & alius Heremita in deſerto Arabia, quem e- 
tiam quafi pro deuotione frequentare ſolebat, ducens ſecum aliquos de principibus & fami- 
lia. Super quo plures eorum attediati tractabant occidere Heremitam. Accidit tandem vna no- 
ctium, vt rex Raremitem & ſeipſum inebriaret, & inter loquendum ambo conſopiti dormi- 
rent. Et ecce habita occafione comites gladio de latere Regis clam extracto Heremitam in- 
terfecetunt, iterum clam condentes crucntum gladium in vagina: ac ille euigilans virum 
videns occiſum, magno furore ſuccenſus impoſuit familie facium, volens omnes per iu- 
{titiam condemnari ad mortem. Cumque coram iudicibus & ſapientibus ageretur , hi omnes 
pari concordia,fimili voce, & vno ore teſtabantur tam diuifim quam coniunétim . Regem in 
ebrietate {ua hominem aecidiſſe, quamuis fortaſsis effet facti oblitus. Et in plenariam rei pro- 
bationem, dixerunt ipfum repoſuiſſe mucronem in loculo nudum interſum, ſed calido cruore 
madentem. Quo ita inuento, actantis rex obrutus teftificationibus, nimidm erubuit, plenè 
obmutuit, & confuſus receſsit. Et ob hoc omnibus diebus ſuis vina bibere renunciauit : & in 
lege ſua à cunctis bibi vetuit,acyniuerfis bibétibus,colentibus,& vendentibus maledixit. Cuius 
maledictio cõuertatur in caput eius, & in verticé ipſius iniquitas eius deſcẽdat, cum de vino {cris 
ptum cõſtet, quòd Deuin & homines letificet. Igitur de eo Sarraceniin ſua ſuperſtitione deuo- 
ti vinum non bibunt, quanquam plures eorum quod timent in publiconon verentur in ſecreto. 
Eft autem communis potus eorum dulcis,deleétabilis, & nuttitiuus de Cafaniel confectus, 

de qua & Saccarum fieri ſolet. 
Mahometus iſte poſt mortem ſuam peffimam (mors enim peccatorum pefsima) conditus 
fuit honorificè in capſa, ditiſsimo auro, & argento, & ſaxis perornata in vna ciuitate regni ſui A- 
rabiæ, vbi & pro ſancto, & vero Dei nuncio incepit deuoté coli a ſuis per annos ducentos ſexa- 
ginta, atque ex tunc circa annum Domini nongentifsimum cum veneratione multa cadauer e- 
ius tranſlatum eft, in digniorem ciuitatem di¢tam Merchuel Iachrib, vbi iam longè late que 
pro maximo fanctorum, a cordibus a diabolica fraude deceptis colitur,requiritur & adoratur. 
In ipfius tranflatione ipfa ciuitas reſtaurabatur, & firmabatur multꝰ honorificentiùs, & forti- 
Us deſtructione ſua, quæ per Carolum magnum Regem Francię anteà fuit plenè annihiꝰ ita, dat 
Ogerus dux Danorum præfatus in ea tenebatur captiuus, quem Templarij ad filios Brehir Re- 
gis Sarracenorum cum traditione vendiderant, eò quòd ipſe Ogerus dictum Brehir in prœlio 
occiderat,iuxta Lugdunum Francia ciuitatem. Et ſi quando nationis alterius quis ad legem 
conuertitur Sarracenorum, dum a flamine eorum recipiendus eſt, dicit & facit eum Dei nunci- 
um, & repetit ſic: Laellech ella ala Mahomet xoy el alla beth: quod valet tantum: Non eſt 

Deus ait vnus, & Mahomet fuit eius nuncius. : 
CarvtT 23. De colloquio Authoris cum Soldano, 

Be Sarraceni ponunt Iudæos malos,cd quod legem Dei violauerunt fibi miſſam, & cõ- 
miſſam per Moſem. Et a fimili probant Chriſtianos malos, quòd non ſeruant legé Euãgelij 
Chriſti, quam ſeruandam ſuſceperint. Ineſt enim ijs falſa perſuaſio ita vt putent vnũquemqʒ in 
ea qua natus eft ſecta poſſe beari,fi fufceptam ſeruauerit illibatè: ideëq; probant ab oppoſito 
fe eſſe bonos, quia, ſicut dicunt, obſeruant {cripta legis præcepta & ceremonias fanéti libri fui a 
Deo ſibi tranſmiſsi per beatũ nunciũ {uli Mahomet, Vnde & ego non tacebo quid mihi cétigit. 
Dominus Soldanus quodam die in caſtro, expulſis omnibus de camera ſua, me ſolùm retinuit 
ſecum tanquam pro ſecreto habẽdo colloquio. Conſuetũ enim eſt ijs eijcere omnes 1 5 ſe- 
cretorum: qui diligenter à me intetrogauit qualis effet gubernatio vitæ in terra noſtra, breuiter 
reſpondebã, bona, per Dei gratiam, qui recepto hoc i dixit ita non effe.Sacerdstes(inquit) 
veſtri, qui ſeipſos exbibere deberent alis inexempliin malis iacent attibus, parum curant de Templi 
ſeruitiorhabitu &. fludys fe conformant mundo, fe inebriant vino, continentiã infringentes,cum frau- 
de negotiantes,ac praua principib us conſilia ingerentes.Comunis quog. populus dum feftis diebus intẽ- 
dere deberent deuotiom in templi currit in hortis, in pectaculis in tabernis v ſ q; ad crapulam, & ebri- 
etatem. & pinguia manducans & bibens, ac in beſtiarum morem, luxuri am prauam exercent. Inve 
ſura, dolo, rapina, furto. detraclione, mendacio & periuriovinunt plures eorum euidenter, ac 
ſi qui talia non agant, vt fatuireputantur , & pro mmia cordis ſuperbia neſciunt ad libitum exco- 
Sitare,qualiter fe velint habere, mutando fibs indumenta, nunc longa,nunc curta nimis ,quandog, am- 
eee ſtricta vitra modum vt in his ſingulis appare ant deriſi poriùs quam veftiti:pyleos quoque, 
calceos,calligas,corrigtas /ibi fabricant exquifitas,cum etiam econtradeberent ſecundum (brifti {ie 
doktrinam (implices,Deodenoti pumiles,veracesinuicem diligentes,inuicé concordantes & miriam 


£ 


.I. Mandeuil. 


— —— 
oris, & à ſubditis tem- 

ulis non ſine iuſto Dei 
ur, quòd tot animæ in 
ſerto Arabiæ, quem e- 
e principibus & fami- 
ccidit tandem vna no- 
mbo conſopiti dormi- 
ctracto Heremitam in- 
c ille euigilans virum 
volens omnes per iu- 
us ageretur, hi omnes 
oniunctim , Regem in 
t in plenariam rei pro- 
ſum, ſed calido cruore 
nimiùm erubuit, plenè 
ere renunciauit: & in 
itibus maledixit. Cuius 
cẽdat, cùm de vino {cris 
ſua ſuperſtitione deuo- 
on verentur in fecreto. 
de Caſaniel confectus, 


um pefsima) conditus 
na ciuitate regni fui A- 
r annos ducentos ſexa- 
tione multa cadauer e- 
vbi iam longé latéque 
requiritur & adoratur. 
onorificentids, & forti- 
uit plenè annihi? sta, da 
arij ad filios Brehir Re- 
tum Brehir in prœlio 
alterius quis ad legem 
x facit eum Dei nunci- 
valet tantum: Non eſt 


ano. 

erunt fibi miſſam, & cõ- 

n ſeruant legẽ Euãgelij 

t putent vnũquemqʒ in 

3; probant ab e 

emonias ſancti libri ſui à 

icebo quid mihi cõtigit. 
a ſua, me folum retinuit 

ijcere omnes 1 5 fe- 
in terra noſtra, breuiter 
eſſe. Sacerdctes(inquit) 
pariem cum ant de Templi 
a infringentes,cum frau- 
us dum feſtis diebusinté= 
ug, ad crapulam, & ebri- 
prauam exercens, Inve 
ures eorum euidenter, ac 
eſciunt ad libitum exco- 
urta nimis, quandog, am- 
uam veftiti:pyleos quoque, 
rent ſecundum (brifti ſu 
concordantes & ininriam 


S. . Mandeuil. of the Englifh nation. 45 
defacili remittentes.Scrmns etiam cos propter peccata ſaa perdidiſſe hanc terr am optimam quam te- 
nemusnec timemus eam amittere, quamdis fe taliter gubernant. Attamen non dubitamus,quin in fu- 
tarum per melurem vite conwerſationem mercbuntur de noflris eam manibus recuperare. 

Ad hoc ego vltra confufus & ſtupefactus, nequiui inuenire reſponſum; verebarenim oblo- 
qui veritati, quamuis ab Infidelis ore prolatæ, & vultu pre rubore demiffo percunctatus ſum, 
Domine,falua reuerentia qualiter poreftis ita plenè hoc noſcere? De hominibus (ait) meis in- 
terdum mitto ad m odum Mercatorũ per terras, & regiones Chriſtianorũ, cum Balſamo, gem- 
mis, ſericis, ac aro matibus, ac per illos ſingula exploro, tam de ſtatu Imperatoris, ac Pétificum, 
Principum, ac Sac erdotum, quam Prælatorum, nec ncn æquora, prouincias, ac diſtinctiones 
earum. 

Igitur peracta collocutione noſtra ſatis producta, egreſſos principes in cameram reuoca- 
uit, ex quibus quatuor de maioribus iuxta nos aduoc ans, fecit eos expreffé ac debitè per ſingu- 
las diuifiones in lingua Gallicana deftinguere per partes, & ſingularum nomina partium, om- 
nem regionem terræ Angliæ, ac alias Chriſtianorum terras multas, acſi inter noſtros fuiſſent 
nati, vel multo tempore conuerſati. 5 

Nam & ipſum Soldanum audiui cum ijs bene & directè loquentem idioma Francorum. I- 
taque in omnibus his mente conſternatus obmutui, cogitans, & dolens de peccatis ſingulis rem 
taliter ſe habere. 

Nunc pi igicur (rogo) conſideremus, & corde attendamus, quantæ fit confufionis, & qua- 
lis opprobrij, dum Chriſtiani nominis inimici nobis noſtra exprobrant crimina. Et ſtudeat qui- 


libet in melius emendare, quatenus (Deo propitio) Voie in breui tempore, hac de qua loqui- Infignis Man- 
lijs Dei promiſſa, nobis Dei adoptiuis te- deuilli pero- 
ftitui:vel certè, quod 1 exorandum eft, ipſi Sarraceni ad fidem Catholicam, & Chriſtia- oratio. 


mur, terra Deo delecta, hæc ſacroſancta terra, hæc 


nam obedientiam, Eccleſiæ filijs agsregari „ vt ſimul omnes per Dominum noftrum Ieſum 
Chriftum conſubſtantialem Dei filium perueniamus ad cæleſtem Paradiſum. 


Explicit prima pars buins operis. 
Secunda pars. 


CAP VT. 24. 
Perfuafio ad non credentes terrarnm dinerfitates per orbem terra. 


Irabilis Deus mirabililia propter ſemetipſum creauit, vt ſcilicet ab intellectu- 
alibus creaturis ſuis intelligeretur, & per hoc diligeretur, atque in hoc ipſe 
creator, & creatura fe mutuò fruerentur. Mir abilis eſt ergo Deus maximè in 
illo, quöd ipfe ſolus ſufficit ſibi: & mirabilis in altis Dominus, hoc eſt, in cæ- 
lo & in cæleſtibus: fed & mirabilis in terris, & in terreſtribus: tamen ſi verum 
iudicauerimus, nihil eft mirabile, quod mirũ videri non debet, ſi ille qui om- 
nipotens eſt, fecit quæcunque voluit in cælo & in terra. Sed ecce dum nobis contingit videre 
rem quam pris non vidimus, miratur noſter animus, non quéd ſimpliciter mirum eſt, ſed quod 
nobis id mirum & nouum. Deus vnus, ſimplex quidem eſt, vt creaturæ cæleſtes quò Deo ma- 
gis de propinquo ſunt eò ſimpliciores exiſtunt. Terreſtres autem quod in ſitu remotioti fint,id- 


‘citcd magis diuerſæ, magis contrariæ inter fe ſunt. 


Ergo quicunque ſapiens eſt non ſtupet animo, dum in terrenis a it res varias,& diuerſas, 

vel dum diuerſa contingunt, ſeu inueniuntur in partibus terre diuerſis I 
per ſenſum non eleuant , & magis credunt oculo ſuo corporeo, quam fpirituali , & qui nun- 
70 A natiuitatis ſuę loco receſſerunt, iſti vix volunt credere, ſeu poſſunt alijs vera narrantibus 4 


e mundi diuerſitatibus. domi viderint. 


Attamen tales ſi vellent, de facili videre poſſint ſuum errorem. Quia quicunque natus in vna 
eiuitate, vel patria, ſi tantummodò moueat fe ad proximam ciuitatem, inueniet ibi 5 du- 
bio aliquam differentiam, vel diuerſitatem in idiomate linguæ, vel in modo loquendi, in mori- 
bus hominum, in occupationibus, in legibus, in conſuetudinibus, vel etiam in agrorum fructi- 
bus, in arborum frugibus . ſeu in his que gignuntur in terra, in aere, & in aquis. 

Si ergo aliqualiter inueniri poſsit differentia in proximo, quant ò maior ſit diſtantia, tantò 
maior Uifferentia æſtimanda eft in remoto, vel in remotiori, feu remotifsimo loco. Vnde ego, 
quia in precedente parte tractatus narrare cœpi aliqua, qu in his, & in peregrinatione mea 
vſque in terram promifsionis ſanctam vidi, de quibus etiam poteſt, & poterit conſtare multis, 
qui 


:fed qui intellectum ſu- Reprehenſio 


$$$ 
“ 


| 
| 
| 
Hi | 
i 
* 
I 

| 


4.6 The voyages and difcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


qui in partibus noſttis eadem peregrinatione me præceſſerunt & ſecuti ſunt, procedam in 
defetibendo aliqua illorum, quæ vidi & percepi in deambulatione mea, qua peragraui multas 
alias terras, & perlegi multas vndas, vſque in multorum hoc tempus annorum, & propter inſi- 
pientes,& diſcredentes non tacebo. Sed nec propter credentes nec ſapientes fatis mouebot ta- 
men vt diuerſa Dei opera qui reſpicere non poſſunt oculo, ſaltem legant, vel audiant ex hoc 
ſeripto. Pauca vtique vidi horum quæ ſunt. ſed pauca horum que vidi, narrabo. 
CAPVTr. 25. De Armenia, Ferſia, & Amaxonia, oe 
Du regionibus qu Iudet contiguantur, ſcilicet Arabia, Aegypto & Syria, ſtatui modicum 
vitra narrate, relinquens hune locum narrandi alijs peregrinis. Et feſtinans ad terras re- 
motiores, Armeniam minorem, non per fingulas ciuitates, ſed celeriter tranſiens, vidi àremotis 
amplum caſtrum vocatum Del sa a quo mihi fuftinui dici quod fit vaſtum, & à nemine 
habitatum, niſi a fantaſtica quadam Domina, ſeruante in medio maioris aulæ {uper perticam, 
volucrem rapacem, quæ dicitur Latinè accipiter, vel huiufmodi : quam auem, fi — homi- 
num ingrediens ſe cuſtodire peruigil abſq; vila ſomnolentia per ſeptem continuos dies & no- 
ces poflet,ipfa Domina in fine fa¢ti apparens concederet illi quantamcunque faceret petitio- 
Mandeuillus nem terræ, commadi, vel honoris, ſed fi obdormiret, periret. Huic tamen dicto parùm curaui ac- 
ruhili facit has commodare aurem, niſi quod communiter dicebatur, in bene tranſacto tempore prædicta ſu- 
fabulas. iffe tentata per duas perſonas, vnum Regem, & alterum Paſtorem. Et Regi quidem quod inde- 
bitam fecit petitionem, vile fucceffit negotium, paſtori peroptimè ſucceſſit negotium. 

In Armenia maiori, eſt magna & bona ciuitas Artyron ad dietam propè fluuium Euphra- 
tas. tem. Et ſunt ibi duo montes euecti valdé,vnus Sabiſſatele, alter Ararath, quorum vltimus habet 
Sabiſatelle. per anfractus, & periodos per aſcẽſum via, ferè 7.leucas, & quaſi omni tẽpore eft plenus niue. 
Ararath. In illo loco fertur quieuiſſe Arca diluuij, cuius vnicus aſſer mõſtratut, in Pecleſa Monachorũ 

ad montis pedẽ habitantiũ: attamẽ nullus hominũ pro frigore nimio attẽtare pręſumit aſcenſũ. 

Landania, Eftautem & ibi ciuitas Landania,de qua nonnulli dicunt quèd Noe illam fundauerat, & ci- 
Hany magna uitas magna Hany, in qua, tempore Chriſtianorum mille habebantur Eccleſiæ. 
Tau, „ In illa Armenia ſub Imperio Perſiæ eft famoſa ciuitas Tauris, vbi de mercimonijs ponde- 
Tauriza ciui- . 1 
tas famoſa. falibus fit ineſtimabilis mercatura. Hinc ad decem dietas ad Orientem habetur ciuitas Zado- 
Zadone ciui · na, in ea Imperator Perſarum moratur, & eft in eodem imperio ciuitas valdè magna Caſſach, 
tas, quæ recto itinere dicitur ſtare ab Hieroſolymis 5 5 dietis. Geth ciuitas imperialis, & melior to- 
Cela, tius Perſiæ in hacterra nofcitur eſſe, cùm tamen Carnaa fit fatis maior, 

: Circa fines Perſiæ in terra Sennaar, eſt illa quz olim dicebatur Babylonia, nec apparet ibi a- 


Artyron ciui- 


Carnaa. 


avel Sinar. liquid, quàm ruinæ grandis & vetuſtæ ciuitatis, quæ ab hominibus eft deſerta, ſed a Draconibus 


Ruinæ anti- inhabitata, & alijs animalibus, & vo lueribus venenoſis. Hanc terram tenet Imperator Perſa- 

En. rum vt ſuprà dixi. Etiam intra fines Perfiz, eft terra, vbi ſanctus Iob ee morabatur, quæ 

* rea modo dicitur terra Sucs , in cuius montanis inuenitur Manna, quod venditur in Apothecis, 

thecariocum Huic terræ Sues contiguatur Chaldæa, qua non eſt magna, quamuis nobilis regio habeatur, 

Chaldea, Et ab iſta intratur Amazonia. 

Amazoniaine Amazonia eft modica inſula, quam abſque viris ſolæ regunt & inhabitant mulieres: cuius rei 
a. prima caufa hac fuit. 

Olim cum infula communiter a viris,8¢ mulieribus habitabatur, Rex eius dictus Colopius 
cum omnibus nobilibus ſuis in bello contra Regnum Scithiæ occifus fuit. Audientes igitur no- 
bilium vxores ipfius inſulæ ſe viduatas, ſuper his, in doloroſo furore animi ad plures congreſsi- 
ones occiderũt & fugauerunt omnes aliarum mulietum maritos, ne ſcilicet ſua ingenuitas ſub- 
iaceret voluntati, & poteſtati plebis. Et tandem poſt re formatam inter fe pacem mulieres inito 
conſilio ſtatuerunt fe folas abſque viris dominari in terra, atque ex tunc ſumi ſibi regimen per 
certam electionis formam,que robuſta, agilis, ſapiens, juuenis, ac valens a paret in armis. 

Sciendũ tamen eſt, extra hanc inſulam flumen eſſe, & alias modicas infulas quarũ vna dicitur 
Carmagite, de quibus licitum eft ijs accerſire viros, & amaſios bis in anno, ita vt nulla moram 
trahat . dierum naturaliũ ſub pœna indubitata occiſionis. Infantem maſculũ nutrire licet 
quoaduſq; per fe comedat & gradiatur, tunc tranſmittendus eſt in domũ paternam. Generoſæ 
nate puellæ aufertur ignito cultro vber ſiniſtrum pro ſcuto gerendo, degeneri dextrum, ad fa- 
gittandum de arcu Turco. ; 

18 cum conſiliaribus & officialibus ſuis regit ſapientèr & bene terram, & feruat omnes 
ſibi fub diftricta obedientia, per leges, & pœnas, & amendas confcriptas, Et cùm citcumiacen- 

zum infularum Reges contra fe ad inuicem preeliari ſolent, tune Regina Amazoniæ cum ſuis 
Nobilibus ab vna parte pro magno ftipendio vocati folet in adiutorid, vbi & inuttæ ſunt fapié= 
tes in conſilijs, probæ in armis Acres in conflictibus, & in omnibus Curiæ actibus bene valétes. 

Cap. 


fit con 
tem, cc 
ones, { 


reperiu 
inuicen 
ceſpite 
defeci 
debitan 
tuor, au 
tur in fe 
Et ne 
commi 
uis petr 
Pri 
Ite 
Iter 
ferrum, 
cum, vic 
amant 
Ite 
manten 
lans atq 
mittet 
T 
vltra 20 


citca ci 
er quo 


J. Mandeuil. 


uti ſunt, procedam in 
qua peragraui multas 
1orum,& propter inſi- 
tes ſatis mouebor;ta- 
nt, vel audiant ex hoc 
rrabo. 

nia. 

Syria, ſtatui modicum 
t feſtinans ad terras re- 
anfiens, vidi aremotis 
ſit vaſtum, & à nemine 
s aula ſuper perticam, 
auem, fi aliquis homi- 
continuos des & no- 
unque faceret petitio- 
dicto parùm curaui ac- 
tempore prædicta fu- 
f quidem quod inde- 

it negotium. 

ope fluuium Euphra- 
juorum vltimus habet 
ẽpore eft plenus niue. 
‘Ecclefia Monachorũ 
tare pręſumit aſcenſũ. 
lain fundauerat, & ci- 
cleſiæ. 

mercimonijs ponde- 
habetur ciuitas Zado- 
valdè magna Caſſach, 
aperialis, & melior to- 


nia, nec apparet ibi a- 

ta, ſed a Draconibus 
net Imperator Perſa- 
iens morabatur, quæ 
nditur in Apothecis, 
obilis regio habeatur. 


ant mulicres: cuius rei 


eius dictus Colopius 
Audientes igitur no- 
i ad plures congreſsi- 
et fua ingenuitas ſub- 
acem mulieres inito 
umi ſibi regimen per 
apparet in armis. 

as, quarũ vna dicitur 
o, ita vt nulla moram 
maſculũ nutrire licet 
paternam. Generoſæ 


ram, & ſeruat omnes 
Et cùm circumiacen- 
Amazoniæ cum ſuis 
bi & inut᷑tæ ſunt fapié= 
actibus bene valẽtes. 
Cap. 


eneri dextrum, ad ſa- 


Landal. oltbe Englinationz- 


CaPvy 28. n! 
De Aethiopia, & Diamautibus, & de infima India. 


ethiopia conſiſlit à terra Chaldæorum in e diftinguitur in Oriẽtalem Aethi- 
opiam & Meridionalem, quarum prima in illis partibus vocatur Cufh,propter hominum 
nigredinem, altera Mauritania. Et eſt ibi Regnum Saba, de quo legitur, quod Regi Salo- 
moni Reges Arabum, & Saba, dona & tributa adduxerunt. Eoque Regina Saba venit a finibus, 
hoc eft,a longinquis terra partibus audire ſapientiam Salomonis. Omnes in Aethiopia aquę in 
fluuijs & tipatijs, & fontibus ſapiunt Sal, propter nimium calorem. Eſt ibi vnus aqua fons ita 
de nocte calidus, vt nemo in eo ſuſtineat manum, & ita de die frigidus, vt bibi vix poſſit. 
Generaliter ifti de Mauritania Aethiopes comedunt parùm, de facili inebriantur, fluxum 
ventris patiuntur, nec diu viuunt. N 
De Aethiopia intratur in Indiam mediam, nam triplex eſt, videlicet infima, qu in quibuf- India triplex, 
dam fuis partibus eft nimis frigida ad inhabitandum : Media qua ſatis temperata elt, & ſupe- 
rior, quæ nimis calida. In India infima propter continuum & graue frigus generatus chriftal- 
lum de aqua per gelu,ficut quidam c ſerunt. Sed certum eft ibi habeti rupes chriftalli, & in il- 
lis gigni optimos Diamantes, quos lingua illius vocant Hamefht. Diamantes. 
EA autem diamas paruus praciofi us lapis magna virtutis, ſicut plenids deſcribitur in lapida- 
tus. Quidam inueniuntur in magnitudine piſi, vel etiam piſo minores: alii ad quantitatem fa~ 
bæ, ſed nullus maior auellana, vel nuce. L. Jicitur de eo in partibus illis, quod fi hic qui portat 
fic continens, & fobrius reddit illum magnanimum & audacem, & iuuat in cauſis ĩuſtis certan: 
tem, conſeruat ſubſtantias corporales, aufert praua ſomnia, depellit prauorum ſpitituuim illuſi- 
ones, ſottilegia, & incantationes, ac valet contra lunaticam paſsionem, & dæmonis obſeſsio- 
nem, & venenoſum quod illi appropinquauerit exſudat, & exhumeſcit. ö 
Optimi Diamantes de India afSimulantur in colore multùm chriſtallo, fed ſunt aliquantu- 
lum magis citrini, & pro fui duritie politi non poſſunt. Inueniuntur autem ibi nonnulli ſubni- 
gri ad colorem violę: Alii naſcuntur in Arabia nigri, & tenuiores prædictis, alii in Macedonia, 
& quidam in Cypro, ſed in mineriis auri, dum prima maffa in minutias conftingitur, interdum 
reperiuntur. Sciendum enim eft, ſæpè plures ſimul ereſcere, nee non generant,& concipiune Experientia 
inuicem de rore cæli, quemadmodum & Margatitæ: quod ego pluries tentans, accepi de rupe re 
ceſpitem cum diamante maſculo, & eee in pratello, & frequentans, focillans ma- n 
defeci de rore Mai. Et ecce inbteui, paruulus ex iis gignebatur, naſcebatur, & adoleſcebat ad b 
debitam quantitatem: fiunt verò onines per naturam eum pluribus angulis vt trium vel qua- 
tuor, aut quinque laterum, & nonnulli cum lateribus ſenis. E contra, omnes margaritt naſcun- 
tur in forma ſphærica, ſeu rotunda, 2 9 
Et notandum quod mercatores , pro diamantibus, frequenter aliud vendunt: Nam ſoler Diamantum 
commixtio fieri de chriftallo Crochee, de Saphiro, de Lonpes Citrino, de lapide Irie par- fophinteatio, 
uis petris ex murium nidis. Probatio veri diamantis haber poteſt his modis. 15 Probatio veri 
Primé,fi ita inuenitur tener, vt fe politi dimittat, non eft verus. diamantis. 
Item fi de eo non poteſt ſcindi vitrum criſtallum, non eft verus. 
Item accipe paruum quantitatis lapidem Adamantem, qui ſolet ſibi attrahere acum & 
m, & pone verum diamantem ſuper adamantem, tùncque fi miniſtraueris adanianti a- 
cum, videbis adamantem operari nihil, vero diamante præſente, dum tamen adamas non fit di- 
amante maior. 
Item fi cultellum laminæ tenuis, habentem in manubrio ine luſum vel alligatum verum dia- 
mantem in menſa vel aſſere erexeris, protinus vt ipfi venenum appropinquabit, ſlabit tremu- 
lans atque ſudans. Et notandum, quòd per luxuriofum, feu guloſum qui ferret diamantem a- 
mittetet virtutem ad tempus. ' nf 
Terra India appellaturab Indo ibi currente fluuio, cuius anguille inueniuntur quando que Terra Indie 
vitra 20. pedes in longitudine . In media India tranfitur per multas inſulas vfque ad mare Ol vnde dita, 
eeanum; in infulam Ormuz, vbi Mercatores: Venetiæ ſirpè tendunt, fed viti, qui aſſueti non Inſula Ormuz 
ſunt tantum ſuſtinere calorem, ne exeant perpendicula de corporibus propè ad genua, ibi fe 5 
contra hoc debitè inuoluunt, & ligant, nec audent ibi tranfire nauibus Krum, continentibus, 4 Ballar i 


ne teneantur de rupibus adamantum. — 


Mauritania. 
Regnum Saba 


Plini 


Hic in aliquibus Aethiopiæ partibus habitant publice, inhoneſtorum vtriufque ſexus ho- nauigantes, 
minum conſuetudinem inhoneſtam gerentes, & in æſtu meridiano refrigerandi cauſa exeunt talibus hodie 


circa cluatem ad ripatias iacere, & difcurrere nudis prorſus corporibus omni pudore reiecto. ian 
EA — 


er quo procul dubio inhonefta vitia ſe quuntur. 


— —— ́4— —•—H8. 
48 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandenit. 


—— ne emr ner GEE~REREP=RRRn nn een aanratea 
InfolaChaua, Eft & non longé ab ifta infula regio ſeu inſula Caua vel Chaua, qua 4 primo ſtatu multi 
velC 


for te, 


zarke,vel 
Zarchja, 


eft minorata per mare. Hi ſunt infideliffimi Paganotum. Nam quidam adorant Solem,alij Lu- 
nam, ignem, aquam, dt tertam,arborem, vel ſerpentem, vel cui de manè primò obuiant. Ibi ma- 
gni mures, quos nos dicimus rattas, ſunt in quantitate paruorum canum. Et quonlam per cat- 
tos capi non poflunt,capiuntur per canes maiores. a . ; 
Corpora mortuorum non fepeliuntur ibi, nec cadauera qualibet beftiarum eriuntur, 
quod ad ac is æſtum carnes in breui tempore conſumuntur, nam & tota inſula confi ſub zo- 
na torrida. Inde tranſiti potelt per mare in Indiam fuperiorem, ſiue maiorem, videlicet Impe- 
rium Presbyteri Ioannis ad portum ciuitatis Zarke, que eft elegans & bona ſatis. In ca habitĩt 
lurimi Cacholicæ fidei Chriſtiani: & habentur plurimæ Abbatiæ religioforum, quas olim 
Bux Danorum Ogerus conllituit, vnde & vſque nunc dicuntur Eccleſiæ Dani, atque ex hoc 


Terra Lombe. nauigari potelt in terram Lombe. 


Flandrina. 
Singlant. 


Piper quomo- 


do creſcat. 


CAP VT 27. 
De forefto Piperis, & fonte iuuenturis. 


Egio feu infula dicta Lombe,{patiofa quidem eſt, continens foreſtum dictum alias Tom- 
Rod ng per dietas if. In orbe vniuerſo nõ noſcimus creſcere piper,preterquam in hoe 
forello. n quo & habẽtur duæ ciuitates, va Flandrina, ( & illa ciuitas inhabitata eft à Iudæis, & 
Chriltianis, inter quos (pe magna feditio otitut) altera Singlant:quas quondam Danus fertur 
fundafle Ogerus,vocans vnam Flandrinam,nomine auiæ {ug cx parte patris ſui, alteram Flo» 
rentam nomine auiz ex parte matris ſuæ, quæ mutato nomine nunc vocatur Singlant. 

Sciendum eſt autem, piper ibi creſcere in hunc modum: ſicut nos plantamus vites aut quer · 
cus arbores robuſtas; vt vitis cum fructibus fe ſpargat, vt ſupportetur per ramos, fic coluntur 
arbu(ta piperis ad arbores foteſti, & {parguntur per ramos, & dependent fructus vt botri. Et 
venit in eodem atbuſto triplex piper in anno. 

Primum eft quod vpcatur longum piper, & venit priuſquam naſcuntur folia in atbuſtis, 


Piper longum . nos in atbore vĩdemus corylo in hyeme ante folia pracedere quafdam cau- 


ulas longas, quo circa initium vindemiato, naſcuntur cumfolijs botri piperis viridis ad ſimi- 
litudinem paruatum vuarum. Quod quidem circa tempus Iulii in eadem viriditate vinde- 
miatum in æſtu feruido ficcatur ad Solem, vt accipiat nigredinem, & rugarum contractio- 
nem. 


Piper album, |, Pofted exurgit piper album in granis minoribus, & in abundantia ſatis minori, quo tan- 


Ciuitas Po- 
lemba. 


quam precioſioti vtuntur in partibus illis, & ratò vendunt ad partes iſtas. 
Primum piper appellatur Sorbotyn,fecundum Fulful,tertium verò Bauos. 

Sunt autem per nemus iltud fera animalia, & venenoſa, ſicut parui ſerpentes, colubri, & hu- 
iuſmodi, de quibus neſeio quis famam diffundit per noſtras partes, quòd vindemiatores piperis 
tales vermes fugant per ignem: fed non eſt ita, imò vngunt brachia, manus, tibias, & pedes cum 
quodam fucco herbæ dicta Limonfe,a quo citò diffugit omne venenum. 

In huius forefti capite ſub monte Polembo, eft ciuitas dita Polemba, & ſub eodem monte 
fons qui dicitur Iuuentutis. Aqua huius fontis reddit odorem, & ſaporem quaſi de omni gene- 
te aromatum, nam fingulis pene horis immutat odorem , & ſaporem. Et quifquis per aliquos 


Fons luuentu · dies potat ieiuno ſtomacho ſanatur in breui tempore, à quacunque interiori infirmitate, lan- 


tis. 
Nota. 


Gingiber. 


Archiproto- 
plauftos, 


guore duntaxat mortis excepto : & ſanè illorum qui propé ſunt, & frequenter bibunt apparet 
5 totum vitæ tempus mira juuentus. Ego autem ter vel quater bibi, quamobrem & vſque 

odi¢ arbitror potius me corporaliter valore. Putatur enim fons ille immediatè per poros ſub- 
terrancos eliquari de fonte paradiſi terreſtris, ita quòd nulla via decurrentium ſuper terram 
fluensium vitietur. Iniftactiam regione, & in infulis circumquaque creſeit gingiber valdè bo- 
num, vnde & mercatores ſæpè ibi tendunt de Venetia pro emendo pipere & gingibere. Gen- 
tes veto huius inſulæ peruerſę & ſtolidiſsimæ ſunt ſupetſtitionis adorantes bouem tanquam a- 

nimal beatiſsiimum, ptopter eius ſimplicitatem manſuetudinem, patientiam, & vtilitatem. 

+ Multitudo cuiuſlibgt ciuitatis vel yillæ vnum ſpecialein nutrit bouem , quem poſtquam la- 
borauit in aratro per ſex annos immolant manducantes pariter cum maxima folemnitate. Et 
quicunque inde minunam minutiam comedit,reputat fe fanctificatum totum. 

Porrò apud Regem tenetur bos fingularis,cuius cuſtos diligentiſsimè vrinam in vaſe aureo 
accipit fimpliciter,8 de-fitno in vaſe conſimili: & quotidiè venit ſummus corum prelatus, 
quem dicunt Archiprotoplauſtum, offert perſonaliter in prædictis precioſis vaſis, Domino Re- 
gi de bouis vrina & fimo,atque in vrina, quam appellant Gaul, tingens manus,defricat,& pet- 


ungit Regis pectus & frontem, deinde fimiliter de fimo jn multa cordis attentione, ad finem vt 


Apoſt 
1 d 
uin f 
And 
ac vtil 
Per 
tation 
tra eur 
pus, ac 
ore 
i. 
tutum 
dimitt 
ditur p 
Ea 
vt dun 
tishin 
elefiar 
nunc i 
rabilit 
Na 
chra, e 
aurcis 
ria pra 
niare 
Chrift 
iter nc 
Ali 
ſum ſe 
viam 
bus pe 


S. L Mandeuit. 


2 a primo ſtatu multun 
adorant Solem, alij Lu- 
} primd obuiant. Ibi ma- 
n. Et quonlam per cat- 


t beftiarum opetiuntut, 
ainfula conſiſſit fub z0- 
aiorem, videlicet Impe- 
bona ſatis. In ea habitée 
eligioſorum, quas olim 
fiz Dani, atque ex hoc 


ſtum dictum alias Tom- 
per, præterquàm in hoe 
nhabitata eft à Iudæis, & 
quondam Danus fertut 
: patris ſui, alteram Flo» 
catur Singlant. 

lantamus vites aut quer · 
per ramos, fic coluntur 
ent fructus vt botri. Et 


cuntur folia in arbuſtis, 
ræcedere quaſdam cau. 
tri piperis viridis ad fimi- 
eadem vitiditate vinde- 
& rugarum contractio-· 


ia ſatis minori, quo tan- 
tas. 
Bauos. 
pentes, colubri, & hu- 
bd vindemiatores piperis 
anus, tibias, & pedes cum 
um. 
ba, & ſub eodem monte 
em quaſi de omni gene- 
Et ren b ee uos 
iteriori i itate, lan- 
quenter bibunt apparet 
i, quamobrem & vſque 
ediatè per poros ſub- 
rrentium ſuper terram 
reſeit gingiber valdè bo- 
pere & gingibere. Gen- 
tes bouem tanquam a- 
ntiam, & vtilitatem. 
m, quem poſtquam la- 
axima folemnitate. Et 
totum. 
è vrinam in vaſe aureo 
mmus corum prelatus, 
cioſis W ee 
manus, defricat, & per · 
is attentione, ad finem vt 


S. I. Mandeuil. olf the Engliſn nation. 49 


poſſint aſſe qui quatuor virtutes bouis pra fati. 
poſt regem cùm reuerentia accedunt, & vnguntur Barones, principes, & poſt ipſos cateri 
ordinati quicunque attingere poſſint, putantes ſe fanctificari per rem penitus non valentem, 
und nimis feetidam, & inhoneſſam. 
Praterea populi ifti colunt Idola facta ad medium in forma humana, & ad medium in for- 
ma bouis. In quibus permiſſione Dei . corum perfidiam maligni ſpiritus habitant dantes de 
interrogatis reſponſa. Et hijs Idolis offerunt infinita donaria quandoq;, & facrificant interdum 
proprios infantes,ipforum ſanguine Idola reſpergentes. 
Bum hie maritus moritur, vxor comburitur cum marito,nifi de illo habeat fobolem cum Vor cum 
qn viuere ſolet, & velit. Qua ſibi eligit cum prole ſuperuiuere, non habebitur de cætero fi- — com- 
e digna. ‘ 
2 in fimili caufa, ſi vir non vult cremari cum vxore mortus, non minuit ei honorem. 
Et forte vinum nafcitur ibi: quòd mulieres bibunt, & non viri, vt fic mulieribus creſcant bar- 
be, ſed mulieribus raduntur, & viris minimè. 


CA Vr. 28. 
De Ecclefia & corpore Santli Thoma Apeſtoli. 


Hx in Meridiem pluribus exactis Infulis per viam decem dietarum venitur in Regnum Rae eee 
Mabron, Illic in ciuitate Calamiæ, ſeruatur in magno templo corpus beatiffimi Thoma Salem vel 
Apoftoli Domini noſter leſu Chrifti in capſa honorificata. In quo loco & martirizatus fuit, Calum. 
licet dicunt quidam,quod in Ediſſa ciuitate. Ifte populus non eft multum tempus tranſactum, Thoma Apo- 
quin fuit totus in fidei relligione, fed nunc eft ad peffimos Gentilium ritus peruerſus, nec at- ftolifepukura, 
tendit, nec veneratur relliquias ſancti corporis Apoftoli ibidem contentas,quaniuis ijs euidens, 
ac vtile,& mirificum preftare folebat beneficium, quod infra narrabo, 4 
Per certas hiftorias habetur Ducem Danorum Ogerum conquifiuiffe has terras, & in exal- Rents: 
tatione ſanctarum Apoſtoli relliquiarum feciffe fieri præfatam . Eccleſiam, ac in- ite hittoria. 
tra eum reponi in nobiliffimo loculo, gemmis, auro, argentoque deeenter ornato Sanctum cor- 
pus, ac deinde poſt annorum tempus trecentorum Aſſyrios abſtuliſſe feretrum cum ipſo cor- 
pore ſancto in Ediſſam ciuitatem Meſopotamiæ, in qua & fuit martyrizatus ſecundum quof- 
dam, rurſumq; poſt ſexaginta & tres annos recuperatũ corpus in ſuam fuiſſe Ecclefiam reſtitu- 
tutum, videlicet in Calamia, atque in eiuſdem recuperationis fignum certum dimiſerunt iſti, & 
dimittunt extra ferretri loculum dependere brachium dextrum, cum manu qua tetigiſſe cre- 
ditur pia reſurgentis vulnera Chrifti, 
Eadem quoque manus folet vſque hodie ſuæ veræ pœnitentiæ tale manifeftare miraculum 
vt dum partes quælibet litigantes velint vtræque fuas cauſas iuramento confirmare, conſerip- N 
tis hinc indè cauſis ponantur ambæ cartulæ in Apoſtoli manu. Qua cunctisſ exeuntibus Ec- interesa dum 
eleſiam, protinus fab vnius horæ tempore reiecta longius falfitate,vcritatem ſibi referuat : fed exirét, Mona- 
nunc ſicut dicere cœpi iſti populi huic beneficio Dei ingrati, &diabolica illufione excæcati mi- tat 
rabilitèr paganiz ant. . 1 
Nam & in hac ipfa beati Thoma Ecclefia ſtatuerunt multa mire magnitudinis ſimula- : 
chra, ex quibus vnum quòd maius eft multò alijs apparet ſedens homo in alto ſolio adoperto !dolum in 
aureis ſericis, & lapidibus præcioſis, habenſque . collum ſuſpenſa pro ornatu multa cincto- 
ria præcioſè gemmis, & auro contexta. Ad hoc autem Idolum adorandum confluunt peregri- um. 
nia remotls parzibus,& propinguis, in ſatis maiori copia, & valdè feruentiori deuotione quam 
Chriftiani, ad ſanctuum Iacobum in Galizia, quia multi eorum per totum peregrinationis 
iter, non audent erigere palpebras oculorum, nee propter hoc deuotio intermittatur. 
Alij de propè venientes ſuperaddunt labori itinerandi, vt ad tertium vel ad quartum paſ- 
ſum ſemper cadant in genibus. Nonnulli quoque demoniaca inſpiratione ſemetipſos per 
viam peregrinationis lanceolis, & cultellis nunc minoribus, nunc maioribus fauciant vulnert 
bus per fingula corporis loca, & dum ante Idolum perueniunt, exciſum fruſtum de carne pro- 
ptia proijciunt ad Idolum pro offerenda, ac plagis durioribus fe caſtigant, & quandoque ſpon- 
taneè penitus fe occidunt: in ſolemnitatibus verò, ſicut in dedicatione, & ſicut in throniza - 
tione fimulachrorum, fit conuentus populi, quaſi totius Regni. Et ducitur cum proceſſione 
maius Idolum per circuitum ciuitatis, in curru precioſiſſimo, modis omnibus perornato, & 
precedunt in numero magno puellæ cantantes binæ, & binæ ordinatiffime, fucceditque plu- 
ralitas Muficorum cum inſtrumentis varijs fimphonizantes,quos continue ſubſequitur currus, 
Cuius lateribus coniungit fe peregrinorum exercitus, qui & venerunt de is. 
E Ibique 


50 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Ibique cernitur · niſerabilis actus vltra modum. Nam aliqui victi viera modum diabolica deuo- 
tione proijciunt ſe ſub rotis currus præcedentis, vt frangantur ſibi crura, brachia, latera, dorſa, 
nec non & colla in reuerentiam Dei fui (vt dicunt) a quo remunerationem {perant, venire ad 

Paradiſum terreſttem. . 
Et polt proceſſionem poſtquim ſtatuerunt Idolum in templo ſuo loco, multi plicatur co- 
ram ſunulachris numetus læpè plangentium, & occidentium vltrà quam credi ſit facile. Ita 
Occidunt ſe quod quandoque in illa vnica ſolemnitate inueniuntur ducenta corpora, vel plura occiforum, 
3 Et afltantes propinqui amici talium diaboli martyrum, cum magna muficorum melodia de- 
rf cantanre sin {ua lingua offerunt Idolis corpora, ac demum accento rogo omnia corpora com- 
burunt iu honorem Idolorum, aſſumentes fibi finguli aliquid de offibus aut cineribus pro reli- 
quijs, quas putant fibi valicuras contra quælibet infortunia, & tempeltates. Et habetur ante 
templum aqua lacus, velut ſeruatorium pifcium, in quo proijcit populus largiſſimè fuas obla- 
tiones, argentũ, aurũ, gemmas, eyphos, & ſimilia, quibus miniſtri certis temporibus exhibentes 
Reprehendit prouident Eccleſię, ac fimulachro, ac ſibi ipfis abundanter. Quoddam fabulofum ſeriptum 
fabulasvulgi. exiuit per partes noſttas, quod in prędicta proceffione circumferatur cuin pheretro corpus bea- 
ti Thoma, qui & in fine proc eſſionis populo communicaret proprijs manibus de Euchariſtiæ 

ſacramento, fed non eft ita, & nunquam fuit. 


CA vr. 29. 


De Iaua, & quibufdam alijt meridionalibus Inſulis, & de farina, mele & 
piſcibus Ogeri Ducts Danorum. 


Proceffio 3a. | ies viterius procedendo in Auftrum per multas & mirabiles terras quinquaginta duarum 
diætarum in I diętarum ſpacio, habetur magna Infula Lamori. Illic omnes nudi incedũt, & ferè omnia ſunt 
Auſtrum. ſingulis communia, nec vtuntur priuatis clauibus fiue ſeris, imo & omnes mulieres ſunt com- 
Humanis car. ™unes omnibus & ſingulis viris, dummodo violentia non inferatur: fed & peior eft ijs con- 
nibus veſcen· ſuetudo, quod libenter comedunt teneras carnes humanasʒ vnde & negotiatores adferunt eis 
tes ſeu aufem craſſos infantes venales: quod ſi non ſatis pingues afferuntur, eos ſaginant ſicut nos vitulum, 
od.. ſiue porcum. 
Nandeuillus Hic apparet in bona altitudine polus Antarcticus, & incipit modo apparere in alta Lybia, 
vſus aſtrola· ita quod in aſta Æthiopia eleuatur octodecim gradibus, prout ipſe probaui Aſtrolabio. 
bio. Ad meridiem terræ Lamori eſt Inſula bona, Sumebor, cuius gentes reputant fe nobiliores 
alijs,fignantes fe in facie certo caiterio. Iſti ſemper guerras gerunt contra præfatas gentes nu- 
das de Lamory. ‘ 
InfulaRoto- == Ad modicam indé deſtantiam habetur Infula Rotonigo abundans in bonis pluribus : fed & 
si i in Auſtrum fequuntur auz plures regiones & Inſulæ, de quibus prolixum narrare fuiſſet. 
laualnſula, Et eft valde grandis regio Jaua, habens in circuitu ambitum leucarum duarum millium. Hu- 
dis. ius rex eft valde potens, & imperans feptem infularum vicinarum regibus. Terra iſta eft po- 
125 aroma- puloſa valdè, & creſcunt in ea ipecies, & abundantia gingiberis, canella, gariofoli, nuces muſ- 
tam laua. catæ, & maſtix, cum aromatibus multis. Sed & quod ibi naſcatur vinum, non habene: aurum 
& argentum eft ibi in copia immenſa, quod patet in regis Iauæ palatio, cuius palatij nobilitas 
non eft facilè ſcribenda. 

Cuncti gradus aſcendentes ad palatij aulas, & aularum cameras, & ad thalamos Camerarum 
funt ſolidi de argento vel auro, ſed & omnis ſtatura pauimentorum in alijs habetur ad ſimili- 
tudinem ſcacatij, vnam quadratam argenti, alteram auri, laminis valdè craſſis, & in ipfis paui- 
mentis, ſunt exſculpta geſta, & hiſtoriæ diuerſæ. In principali verò aula, eft plenariè expreſ- 
{a Dani Ducis Ogeri hiſtoria, à natiuitate eee in Franciam fantaſticè dicatur reuer- 

Vidorie O- ſus, cum tempore Caroli magni regis Francia, ipſe Ogerus armata manu conquifiuit Chri- 
eriDucis ¶ ſtianitati ferè omnes partes tranfmarinas à Allen vſque ad arbores ſolis & Lunæ, ac pro- 
an. pe patadiſum terreſtrem. 

Hine patet Pro · hac Regione Iaua, (que tanyit fines Imperij Tartarig) fibi ſubiuganda, Imperator 
quod lmpe · Grand Can multoties pugnauit, ſed nunquam valuit expugnare. Hinc per mare venitur ad reg- 
8 num ¶ Thalamaſſæ, quòd & ¶Panchon dicitur, in quo habetur magnus numerus bonarum ciui- 
Falle ohn tatun. Intra hanc Inſulam, quatuor ſunt genera arborum, de quarum vna accipitur farina ad 
rotédebatur, Panem. de ſecunda mel de tertia vinum, & de quarta peffimum venenum. Extrahitur autem fae 

vel Tholo- rina de ſuis arboribus iſto modò. 
rd Certo tempore anni percutitur ſtipes arboris vndique propè terram cum ſecuri, & cortex in 
erüsten. locis pluribus vulneratur, de quibus recipitur liquor ſpiſſus, qui deficcatus ad ſolis æſtum & 
contritus 


luerit 
Illi 


~ 


I. Mandeuil, 


nodum diabolica deuo- 
ra, brachia, latera, dorfa, 
nem ſperant, venire ad 


loco, mult: plicatur co- 
am credi ſit facile. Ita 
ra, vel plura occiſorum. 
muſicorum melodia de- 
go omnia Corpora com- 
s aut cineribus pro reli- 
(tates, Et habetur ante 
lus largiffime ſuas obla- 
temporibus exhibentes 
am fabuloſum ſeriptum 
1 pheretro corpus bea- 
manibus de Euchariſtiæ 


na, melle & 


s quinquaginta duarum 
edũt, & ferè omnia ſunt 
mes mulieres ſunt com- 
ed & peior eft ijs con- 
-gotiatores adferunt eis 
inant ſicut nos vitulum, 


y apparerc.in alta Lybia, 
obaui Aftrolabio. 

s reputant ſe nobiliores 
itra præfatas gentes nu- 


n bonis pluribus: ſed & 

m narrare fuiſſet. 

m duarum millium. Hu- 

ibus. Terra iſta eft po- 

a, gatiofoli, nuces muf. 
m, non habent: aurum 

b, cuius palatij nobilitas 


d thalamos Camerarum 
alijs habetur ad ſimili- 
craſſis, & in ipſis paui- 
ula, eft plenariè expreſ- 
fantaſticè dicatur reuer- 

anu conquiſiuit Chri- 
es ſolis & Lunæ, ac pro- 


ubiuganda, Imperator 
ber mare venitur ad reg- 
numerus bonarum ciui- 

vna accipitur farina ad 


Extrahitur autem fae 


cum ſecuri, & cortex in 
ccatus ad ſolis æſtum & 
contritus 


S. I. Mandeuil. ofthe Engliſn nation. 51 | 


Neen nn ra a a eee 
contritus reddit farinam albam, ac fi de frumento effet cõfectus, attamen hic panis non eft tri- Farina ex ar- 
ticei faporis,fed alterius valde boni. bore, 
Simili modo de ſuis arboribus mel elicitur, & vinum liquitur: excepto quod illa non ficut 
gramina prima deſiccantur. Fertur quoque ibidem, extractionemhuius farinz, mellis, & vini, 
per Angelum primitus fuifle oftenfam prædicto Danorum Duci, illic fame cum ſuo exercitu 
laboranti. Contra venenum quod de quarto arboris genere ftillat, ſolum eft intoxicato reme- 
dium, vt de proprio fimo per puram aquam diftemperato bibat. 
Et eſt in hac Inſula quodaammare mortuum. t lacus fetidus, cuius in plerifq; locis fun- 
dus humano ingenio non valet attingi: mira . itudinis arundines creſcunt fuper hunc 
lacum, in altitudine cedrorum aut abietum pedum aucentorum, ita vt viginti ſocij mecumne- Immenfemo- 
quiuimus vnius caput iacentis arundinis ſubleuare de terra. Minores etiam arundines nafcun- lis arundines, 
tur ad fluuii ripam, habentes in terra radices longitudinis trecentorum cubitorum aut plurium, Sunt quidam 
Ad quarum nodos radicum, inueniuntur g emim;᷑ preciof¢,de quibus expertum elt, fiquis vnam apes qui 
habuerit in pugno fuo,ferrum corpori ſuo non nocebit: vnde fi quis ibi pugnans, putat aduer- fend quis 
ſarium, ac inimicum hac gemina munitum aggreditur eum cum fuſtibus non ferratis. bus etiam 
De hac intratur in Inſulam Calanoch, magnam & refertam bonorum omnium. Rex eius po- Oſorius. 
tens eft multum, & licitum eft ei, quandocunque, & quibuslibet in regno vti mulieribus, de || Vel Alenak. 
quibus interdum magnum numerum tenet puerorum. Mille quadringẽtos habere folet ad prę- sac 
liandum eliphantes, quos fibi nutriunt villani per regnum. Elephantes vocant verkes. 
In littore maris miraculofé veniunt ibi ſemel in anno, per tres continuos dies, quaſi de omni 
genere pifcium marinorum, in maxima abundantia : & præbent fe omnibus liberè capiendos ae 
ad manum. Nam & ego ipſe cepi quamplures. Vnde notandum, quod eodem tempore anni Mendeuill 
quo fuper diéta extrahitur farinaymel,& vinum,conueniunt in hoc ifti pifces : quz ambo mira- / 
bilia fecit vno tempore Deus olim producere ſuo Ogero, quæ & in memoriaillius,v{que nunc, 
ſingulis annis innouantur. 
t ſunt in hoc territorio teftudines tertibilis quantitatis, fitque de maioribus Regi ac nobi- Teſtudines 
libus delicatus ac precioſus cibus: mentior, fi non quaſdam ibidem viderim teſtudinum con- G 
chas, in quarum vna fe tres homines occultarent, ſuntque omnes multum albi coloris. 
Si hic vir vxoratus moritur, ſepelitur & vxor vna cum eo, quatenus, ſicut ibi credunt, habeant 
eam ſtatim ſociam in ſeculo altero. . 


CA vr. 30. 
De Regnis Cynocephaloram,ch alis Infulis, 


p= mare oceanum poteſt hine veniri in Infulam |Kaffa: quicunque ibi infirmari videtur ad I Vel Caffeles, 
mortem, ſuſpenditur ad arborem, antequam moriatur,vt non ab immundis terrz vermibus, 
ſed a cœli auibus, quas reputant Dei Angelos, comedatur. 

In alia Iuſula faciunt ſuos infirmos ante mortem ab eductis in hoc magnis canibus ſtrangu- 
lari, manducantes in conuiuio carnes pro optimo ferculo venationis. 

Interpofitis quoque multis Inſulis, de quibus fubticeo gratia breuitatis , habetur Inſula vel Mekke. 
Mylke, & hij videntur omnium hominum crudeliffimi; Nam quilibet particularitèr pro le- 

vi & modica ſtimulatione, vulnerat, ſautiat, & occidit, proximum, vicinum & amicum: Et fi 
quando diffidentes contigerit concordari, non habebitur pax rata, niſi quiſque de alterius ſan- 
guine biberit bonum hauſtum. 

Hinc nauigando per multas & diuerſas Inſulas, qui in ſingulas intrare, & moram trahere vo- Ivel Traceda, 
luerit, ſtupenda multa videbit, & poterit venire in Infulam ¶ Tracoide. 

Illic ſunt homines ab{que vllo ingenio penitus beſtiales, ferpentibus, vermibuſque veſcen- 
tes, nec inuicem loquentes,(sd conceptus ſuos ſignis & indicijs oſtendentes. Diligunt precio- 
ſos lapides tantummodo pulchritudinis gratia, non cauſa virtutis: & ſuper omnes vnum dili- 
gunt lapidem habentem 60, colorum varietates, qui & Tracoides vocatur propter ipfos, 

Intratur hinc per Oceanum in regionem Niconoram, vel Nacumeram, habentem in citcui- Infula Nico. 
tuſpacium mille leucarum : omnes bi geniti homines habent capita ad formam canum, vnde mera, vel Na- 
& in Graco Beenden dicuntur. Iſti etiam incedunt nudis corporibus, excepto parui pan- Cue 
niculi operimento, ſecretiora loca & pofteriora retro tegente. Rationabiles tamen multum 
{unt hij. & plutimum virtuoſi, ac de omni forefacto rigidam iuſtitiam exercentes. Sunt ſta- 
tura Regent robuſti corpore, in prælijs lanceam cum tergia lata gerentes, viriliterque, & 
prudentér pugnantes, Omnes pro deo adorant bouem, vnde & quilibet in fronte argenteam pouis adore. 
feuaurcam fimilitudinem bouis defert, & fi quem viuum in prælio ceperint, fine vila miſera- tores, 
tione manducant. 

E 2 Rex 


—— r ů ——ñ— — 
52 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Rex multum eft diues & potens, ac deuotus in ſuperſtitione. Nam circa collum geſtat tre- 
cétas otientales margaritas, quibus quotidiè ante cõmeſtionem orationes ſuas colligit, quem- 
Isiue catbun- admodum nos colligimus, Pater noſſer, 8c, Ac præterea portat ad collum ſ rubetum orienta- 
culum. lem, nobilem, purum, pulchrum, reſplendentem, & fumme precioſum, ad longitudinem pedis 
humani, quem habet dili enter ſeruare, quod dum eo caret non tenetur pro Rege. 
Pro iſto carbunculo Grand Can Imperator, per ingenium, per inſidias, si precium, & per 
Alids ones preliii ſæpè laborauit, fed nihil profecit. Poft iſtam apparet infula Syllan, habens leucas de cit- 
Milan. cuitu go. qur paucos habet homines propter multitudinem draconum, ferpentum, crocodilo- 
Crocodili, rum in ea. Sunt autem crocodili ſpeciales ferpentes,coloris virgulati de croceo & nigro, cum 
quatuor cruribus, & tibijs & latis pedum vngulis. Aliqui horum habent longitudinem quing; 
tenſarum aut citra, qui dum tendunt per arenoſa relinquunt ſignum ſemitæ, acſi fit ibi tractus 
grandis arboris truncus. é 
Item in hac inſula habetur mons altus, & in fui vertice ſatis altus & diſtentus & magnus 
aquz lacus, de quo & ſtulti homines fabulantur, quòd primi parentes poſt eiectionem ſuam, il- 
lam aquam primò lacrymauerunt. In huius fundo lacus naſcuntur margaritæ, & habentur ſem- 
per lapides precioſi. Solentque pauperes terrz,accepta a Rege licentia, ſemel in anno ingredi; 
ac piſcati gemmas, qui intrantes vngunt fefucco Lymonſæ, contra hirudines, colubros, & ſer- 
pentes. Sed & de lacu eſfluit riuulus per montis deſcenſum, in quo nonnunquam margaritę in- 
ueniunnur, gemmæ: dicunt etiam ibi nullum venenatum animal nocere aduenis. 
bi videntur leones albi in mira magnitudine boum noftrorum, & multæ diuerſæ beſtiæ, & 
aues,beftiolz, & auiculæ aliarum ſpecierum quam in partibus iſtis. Nam ibi & in nonnullis 
alijs infulis vidi vnum mirum, de quo prius vix credidiſſem narranti, videlicet anates cum duo- 
bus capitibus. , 

Et Ciatis udd tam hic quam alibi mare apparet fatis altius ſuo littore, imo qui a remotis 
aſpicit videt ſuſpenſum quaſi ad nubes. Et de hoc admiratus fuiſſein, niſi quod ſeriptum ſciui 
mirabiles elationes maris. 

CAP T. 31. 


De multis als Inſalis Aerudionalibuu, de quibus & Plinius, &. Munſteruu. 


Vx meridiem hinc legendo per mare, inuenitur regio ſpecioſa nomine |] Doudim cuius 
rex imperat feu principatur 34. re gibus in circuitu inſularum. N 

Dum quis hic infirmatur tendit proxinus ad Idolum ſciſcitans an morietur, & ſi reſpondit 
non, addit & dicere medicinam qua curabitur: fi autem reſponderit moriturum, ſtatim conuo- 
catis amicis oceiditur, & cum ſymphonia, & ſolemnitate comedunt eius carnes, oſſa tantum- 
modo ſepelientes. In Inſulis verò eircumiacentibus, habentur incredibiliter diuerſæ gentes. 
Nam vna habet homines enormis magnitudinis, cum ſolo in medio frontis oculo, qui abſque 
vllo condimento manducant carnes & piſces. 

Alia Inſula habet homines aſpectu deformes, nihil autem colli aut capitis oſtendentes, vnde 
& Acephali nuncupantur: ocuſos autem habent ante ad ſcapulas, & in loco pectoris os aper- 
tum ad formam ferri, quo noſtri caballi frænantur. 

In alia Inſula ſunt gentes planis faciebus abſque eleuatione naforum, & palpebrarum cum 
patuis foraminibus oculorum, & ſeiſſura modica oris. Et in alia gentes cum ſuperiore oris labio 
ita lato & amplo yt, dum velint, totam faciem de illo tegant. 

Alia generat homines paruæ ftature cum oris foramine fic paruo, vt per fiftulas alimentum, 
& potum ſumant, & quoniam carent lingua & dentibus, monſtrant per naturalia figna con- 
ceptus, Et aliqui ſunt homines debitæ quidem ſtaturæ, & forme, niſi quòd habent pedes 
WN quibus ita ſunt præpetes, vt ſylueſtres beſtias capiant, quas comedunt, & man- 

ucant. 

In alia homines ſunt toti piloſi & hifpidi,vfu ſimiarum manibus & pedibus ambulantes, & 
ad atbores reptantes, qui quamuis non loquuntur, apparent rationabiles, quia regem habent, 
& rectores. 

Et in alia omnes ſunt claudi, qui quamuis pedes habeant, tamen ambulant ſuper genua mul- 
tum ridiculoſè, imò miſerabiliter, vt de paſſu in paſſum videantur caſuti in terram. Et in qua- 
dam, ſexum tam mafculinum, quam fœmininum l. abentes, qui dum maſculino vtuntur gene- 
rant, dum ſcæminino, impregnantur & pariunt. Atq;, vt in compendio multa concludam, in fine 

lis 5. inſularum inueniuntur homines, forma, ſtatura, actibus & moribus ſingulis ab inuic em 

ifferentes, de quibus poteſt fieti deſeriptio, quam pertranſeo gratia breuitatis, & cauſa inere- 
dulitatis fortè quorundam audientium. N 
In 


.I. Mandeuil. 


irca collum geſtat tre- 
nes ſuas colligit, quem- 
lum rubetum orienta- 
ad lougitudinem pedis 
pro Rege. 

lias, per precium, & per 
in habens leucas de cit- 
ſerpentum, crocodilo- 
le croceo & nigro, cum 
at longitudinem quing; 
mitæ, acſi fit ibi tractus 


& diſtentus & magnus 
oſt eiectionem ſuam, il- 
garitæ, & habentur ſem- 
a, ſemel in anno ingredi; 
idines, colubros, & ſer- 
nunquam margaritę in- 
cere aduenis. 

nultæ diuerſæ beſtiæ, & 
Nam ibi & in nonnullis 
delicet anates cum duo- 


tore, imo qui a remotis 
niſi quod ſeriptum iciui 


Munſteriu. 
noinine || Doudim cuius 


morietur, & ſi reſpondit 
horiturum,{tatim conuo- 
ius carnes, oſſa tantum- 
dibiliter diuerſæ gentes. 
frontis oculo, qui abſque 


apitis oſtendentes, vnde 
in loco pectoris os aper- 


hm, & palpebrarum cum 
cum fuperiore oris labio 


per fiftulas alimentum, 
per naturalia figna con- 
nifi quòd habent pedes 
as comedunt , & man- 


edibus ambulantes, & 
piles, quia regem habent, 


bulant ſuper genua mul 
ti in terram. Et in qua- 
aſculino vtuntur gene- 
multa concludam, in fine 
ribus ſingulis ab inuicem 
preuitatis, & cauſa inere- 


In 


S. l. Mandeuil. ol the Engliſn nation. 33 


ee 
In iftis autem meridionalibus partibus apparebat mihi eleuatio poli Antardtici 33. gtaduũ, Auftralisla- 
cũ 16. minutis. Et ſe iendũ quod in Bohemia, fimilitér & in Anglia eleuatur polus Ardticus 5 2, titudo 33. gra- 
ibus vel citra: Et in partibus inagis ſeptentrionalibus, vbi ſunt Scoti 6a. gradibus cum qua- pool nga 
tuor minutis.Exquo patet reſpiciendo de ecæli, quæ eft de polo ad polum, quod iti- 
neratio mea fuit per quattum Horizontis ſpheræ terre & vltra, per quinque gradus, cum 20. mi- 
nutis. Cum ergd ſecundum Aſtrologos, totus terrz circuitus fit 31 500. milſiarium, octo ſtadijs 
to milliario computatis, & ſeptinginta ſtadia reſpondeant ad vnum gradum, quod patet ad 1 1 
atitudinem terræ, perambulaui 6673 3. ſtadia cum yno tertio, qug faciunt 4170. leucas puratio, 
Geometricas cum dimidia vel prope, 


CAPVr. 32. 
De bona Regione ¶ Man chus. langt. 


; @ 
Ce igitur tot & talia in iftis Infulis vidimus monſtra ( quæ fi explicarem ſcribendo vixa Txatinere- 
legentibus omnia crederentur)non curauimus vlterius procedere fub polo auftrali, ne in dulicatem ho- 
maiora pericula incideremus: fed proptèr auditam 8 inuiſam nobis famoſitatem potentiæ, 
nobilitatis, & glorię Imperatoris Tartarorum, vertebam faciem cum ſocijs nauigare magis ver- 
ſus Orientem, Cumque per multas diætas ſuſtinuiſſemus multa pericula maris, peruenimus in Wel Mangi, 
Regnum | Manchus, quod eft in confinibus fuperioris India, & iungitur ab vna parte Tartarig, Delcriptio 
Hæc Regio Manchus, pro fui quantitate reputatur melior, delectabilior, & omnium bonorum Ci 
abundantior de cunctis ibi propè Regionibus, Nam & homines, beſtiæ, & volucres maiores & r in Chi. 
corpulentiorss ſunt alijs, & pra vbertate vix inuenirentur in vna ciuitate decem mendici, For- na mendiei 
moli ſunt viri, ſed feminz formoſiores. Sed viri loco barbę, habent perpaucos pilos, rigidos, & Chinenfes ra- 
longos ab vtraque oris parte, quemadmodum noſtros videmus cattos habere. 10 pilofi in 
tima quam ingrediebamur ciuitas eft |Lachori,diftans vna dięta a mari, & inirabamur, & vied 
uifi ſumus nos inueniſſe integram ciuitatem Chriſtianæ fidei. Nam & maior pars Regni cre- eee 
it in Chriſtum. lim Chri- 

Ibi habetur in leui precio copia rerum omnium, & præcipuè victualium: vnum genus eft ibi ſtiani. 
ſerpentum in abundantia quod manducant ad omne conuiuium, & niſi pro finali ferculo mini- 
ſtraretur de illis ſerpentibus, conuiuium im modicum diceretur. 

Senn per hoc regnum plered; ciuitates & Eccleſię, & relligiones,quas inſtituit dux Oge- 
1 oc eft vnum de quindecim regnis qua quæ ſiuit, ſicut infra dicetur. Sune huiuf- 

Illic funt elegantes albæ gallinæ, quę non veftiuntur plumis vt noftrz,fed optima lana.] Ca- modi etiam 
nes aquatici, quos nos lutras nominamus, ſunt ibi multi edomiti, quod quoties mittuntur in canes in In- 


flumen, exportant domino piſcem. * oceiden- 
Ab hoc loco per aliquas diætas, venitur ad huius regionis maximam vrbem Canſay, hoc eft 9 


dicere ciuitatem cceli, imo de vniuerſo orbe terrarum putatur hac maxima Ciuitatum; nam Decadibus. 
eius circuitus 59. leucis eft menſus, nec eft facile dicere, quam compreſſè a quamplurimus po- C n vel 
pulis inhabitatur. Hæc ſedet in lacu maris, quemadmodum, & Venetiæ: & habentur in ea plu- Quinfay, & 
res quam mille ducenti pontes, & in quolibet turres miræ magnitudinis, ac fortitudinis,muni- au deer 
tz peruigili cuſtodia, & pro vrbe tuenda contra Imperatorem Grand Can. = 
ulti ſunt ibi Chriftiani, & multę Relligiones Chriftianorum , fed & de ordinibus Mino- 
rum, & prædicatorum, qui tamen ibi non mendicant ; eft magna pluralitas ex diuerſis nationi- yinum Chi- 
bus Mercatorum. Per Regignem nafcitur vinum valdè bonum, quod appellatur Bigon. Et ad nenſe appel 
Jeucd extra ciuitatem, Abbatia magna eſt. non de relligione Chrittiana fed Pagana: & in ea for- lacum Bi 
reſtum, ſiue hortus magnus vndique circumclufus, confitus arboribus , & arbuſtis, in cuius 
etiam medio mons, altus fimul & latus habens hortum vbi folum inhabitant beſtiolę mirabiles, 
ſicut Simiz, marmotæ, Lanbon, papiones, foreti & huiuſmodi ad varia & multa genera, & ad 
numerum infinitum. a 
Omni autem die poſt reſectionem conuentus Abbatig, qui eft valdè monachoſus, deferun- 
tur reliquiæ ciborum cum magno additamento, in vaſis auro lucentibus ed hunc hortum: 
& ad ſonitum campanæ argenteæ, quam Eleemofynarius manu geftat deſcendentes, & oc- 
currentes de beſtiolis duo millia aut plures fefe componunt refidere ad circulum more pau- 
perum mendicotum, & traditur ſingulis per ſeruos aliquid de his cibarijs, ac denuò audita 
campana fegregando recu : unt: Cumque nos tanquam redarguentes , eee » cur hee 
non darentur egenis, refponterunt, illic pauperes non habentur, quod fi inuenirentur, po- 
tius tamen dari deberent beftiolis, Habet enim eorum perfidia, & Paganifsimus, animas 
E 3 .  Aobilium 


i 
$4. Thevoyagesanddifcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


nobilium hominum pott mortem ingredi corpora nobilium beftiarum, & animas ignobilium 
Falla corpora beſtiarum ignobilium & vilium,ad luenda videlicet crimina, donec peracta niten- 
nic 4 sel tia trafeant in Paradiſum: ideoque nutriunt, prout dicunt, has nobiliores beftias,fiue ſtiolas, 
rum tranimi · quòd a quibuſdam nobilibus fundabatur in principio hæc Abbatia. Multa ſunt alia mira in hac 
gratione. Ciuitate, de quibus ſciatis, quod non omnia vobis recitabo. 5 


CAPVT 33. ‘ 
De Pygmais,ch de itinere vsque in proninciam Cathay. 
Vado per Regionem eandem a dicta ciuitate Canfay,ad ſex dietas venitur ad nobilem vr- 
Vel Chezolo. Eten |Tylenfo,cuius muri per circuitum tendunt ad ſpacium 20. lleucarum: & ſunt o. pe- 
bh re trini pontes. quibus nullos memini pulcſiriores. f 5 
: In ifta fuit prima ſedes regni Mangi,nec immerito, cum fit munita, delectabilis, & abundans 
_ omnibus bonis, ac deind@in predictaCanfay nunc autem tenetur in quadam alia ciuitate, 
Tributum Nota, quilibet ignis ſoluit quolibet anno vnum balis pro tributo, quod valet vnum florenum 
Chinenfium. cum dimidio, fed omnes famuli de domo vna pro vno igne computantur: ſuinma ignium tri- 
„ ,, butalium, octies centum millia. Reliquiverd hriftiani mercatores , in ifto vico non compu- 
Copia victua- ‘ 111 1 N 
bum in China. tantur. Copia eft ibi victualium. 
uatuor fratres minores vnum potentem conuertebant apud quem hofpitabar,&¢ qui durit 
Hofpitiain need Abbatiam iftam, ibi vidi ſcilicet quod hic narratur. 
1 n Ad fines itaque regni Mangi tranfitur grandis fluuius de Dylay, maius flumen mundi,vbi 
Wel de Delay. ſtrictius eft continet ſeptem miliaria. Odericus: cuius alueus in loco diſtrictiori continet qua- 
tuot leucas. Et ex hoc in breui temporis ſpacio intratur Imperium Tartarorum, ſequendo fluui- 
um vſque in terram Pygmęorum, per cuius medium tranſit. 

Hij pygmęi ſunt homines ſtatura breues ad longitudinem noſtri brachij, feutrium manuum 
expanſarum. Tam mares quam feminæ formoſx, & gratioſæ, & viuunt cõmuniter ad annos ſex 
ae fi qui pertingunt ad octo, mirę putantur ſenectutis. Ad dimidiam anni ętatem nu- 
bere poſſunt, in ſecundo anno parturiunt: rationales ſunt, & fenfati iuxta ætatem pufillam, ac 
fatis ingeniofiad opera de ferico, & de lana arboris. Frequenter præliantur contra aues gran- 
des pattiæ, exercitibus N ae hinc inde, & fit ſtrages vtrimque. Hac gens tam parua op- 
time operatur ſericum de bombacem. Iſti Pygmęi venerunt mihi obuiam chotizido.Non labo- 
tant tertam, predia,feu vincas, ſed morantur inter eos noſtrę ee homines, qui eos inco- 
lune, ſicut ſerui, quos & Pygmæi ſæpè derident, quia ſi nt ipfis maiores: & quod ipſe non ceſſo 
Nliracuum. mirari dum dicti homines in illa terra generant vel par unt, non crefcit proles ſupta Pygmæi 

ſtaturam: Inſula non eſt protenſa, ſed bene 12. ciuita tum. Quarum vna eft grandis, & bene mu- 
nita, & quam Grand Can facit cum fortibus armaturis curioſe ſeruati, contra regem Mangi, 
napen Hinc proceditur per Imperium Grand Can, ad multas ciuitates, & villas morum mirabiliter 
Tartarorum diuerſorum, vſque in regnum Iamchan, quod eſt vnum de 12. prouincijs maximis, quibus di- 
duodec im N totum Imperium Tartarorum. 
— dif- obilior ciuitas huius Regni ſeu Prouinciæ dicitur Iamchan, abundans mercimonijs, & 
lamchan Ci. diuitijs infinitis, & multa præſtans proprio Regi tributa, quoniam ſicut illi de ciuitate fatentur, 
uitas nobis Valet annuè regi quinquaginta milia cuman florenorum auri. 
Nota. In lamchan ciuitate eft conuentus fratrunt minorum: in hac ſunt tres Eccleſiæ Mo- 
naſteriorum: reditus ſimul aſcendit ad t 2, cuman. Odericus, Vnus cuman eft decem millium. 
Summa eribu- Summa tribyiti annui, quinquaginta millia millium Florenorum. In illis namque partibus mag- 
ti vnius Ciui- 0 ane mq! j 8 
2 one oo fummmas eftimant per cuman, numerum 10, millium qui & in Flamingo dici- 
tur laſte. 
Ciuitas Wiebe. Ad quinque leucas ab hac ciuitate eft alia dicta Meke, irs qua fiunt de quodam albiffimi ge- 
Maximz na- ni : f : 1 are : 
on nere ligni naues maxima cum aulis & thalamis, ac multis ædificijs, tanquam Palatium tellure 
fundatum. 

' Inde per idem regnum ad viam octo digtarum per aquam dulcem , multas per ciuitates, 
og Late. g. bonas villas, venimus || Laucherim, ( Oden e Leuyim, ) al formoſam 
wel Caremo· Opi nque magnarum, ſitam . flumen magnum Cacameran. Hoc flumen tranfit per me- 
ron. dium Cathay, cui aqua infert damnum, quando nimis inundat, ficut palus in Ferraria, ogus 

in Herbipoli : & illud ſequentes intrauimus arr ei prouinciam Imperij Tartariz, dictam 
Cathay,Ca. Cathay Calay : & ifta provincia eft multum diftenta,ac plena ciui bus, & oppidis bonis, 
‘ay principa- & magnis omnibuſque referta mercimonijs, maxim ſericoſis operibus, & aromaticis ſpe- 
lis prouincia, ciebus. 0 


Pygmæi. 


a Nauiganda 


ſtadi: 


A 
m 
bilior 
24. K1 
bus q 
cante 
grant 


umn 
uerfa 
cedo 


J. Mandeuil. 


& animas ignobilium 
nec peracta pœniten- 
beſtias, ſiue beſtiolas, 
ica ſunt alia mira in hac 


enitur ad nobilem vr- 
carum: & ſunt 60. pe- 


lectabilis, & abundans 
dam alia ciuitate. 

H valet vnum florenum 
r: ſuinma ignium tri- 
iſto vico non compu- 


oſpitabar, & qui duxit 


nius flumen mundi, vbi 
ictiori continet qua- 
oruin,fequendo fluui- 


ij, ſeu trium manuum 
õmuniter ad annos ſex 
diam anni ętatem nu- 
ta ætatem pufillam, ac 
tur contra aues gran- 
re gens tam parua op- 
chorizãdo. Non labo- 
homines,qui eos inc o- 
& quod ipſe non ceſſo 
roles ſupta Pygmæi 
grandis, & bene mu- 
ntra regem Mangi, 
las morum mirabiliter 
smaximis, quibus di- 


dans mercimonijs, & 
li de ciuitate fatentur, 


unt tres Eccleſiæ Mo- 
an eſt decem millium. 
amque partibus mag- 
ui & in Flamingo dici- 


quodam albiffimi ge- 
uam Palatium tellure 


multas per ciuitates, 
„) vrbem formoſam 
lumen tranſit per me- 
us in Ferraria, Mogus 
peri Tartariæ, dictam 

us, & oppidis bonis, 
us, & aromaticis ſpe- 


Nauiganda 


Kl. Mandeuil. of the Engliſh nation. 


Nauigando per dictum flumen verſus Orientem, & itinerando per hanc Cathay prouin- 
ciamad multas dietas per plurimas vrbes & villas, ver itur in ciuitatem “Sugarmago, abun- “Engarmago, 
dantiorem omnibus in mercemoniis antedictis, quando fericum eſt hic vilifsimum ; quadra- 

intæ libre habentut ibi pro decem florenis. 

Ab hac ciuitate, multis ciuitatibus peragratis verſus Orientem, veni ad ciuitatem Cambalu, vel Camba- 

uz eft antiqua in prouincia Cathay: Hanc 1 Tartari cœperunt, ad dimidium miliare leck. 
cerunt ynam ciuitatem nomine Caydo, & habet duodecim portas, & à porta in pottam duo 
ſunt groſſa miliatia Lombardica, ſpacium inter medium iſtatum ciuitatum habitatoribus ple- 
num elt, & circuitus cuiuſſibet iſtarum ambit 60. miliaria: l ombardica, quæ faciunt octo l eu- 
tonica. 

In hac ciuitate Cambalu reſidet Imperator Magnus Can, Rex Regu:.aterreftrium, & Domi- 
nus Dominorum terreſtrium. Atque inde viteritis in Orientem intratur vetus vrbs Caydo, Caydo ciui- 
vbi communiter tenet ſuam ſedem Impetialem Grand Can in ſuo palatio. Ambitus autem tas. 
vrbis Caydo, eft viginti ferè leucarum , duodecim habens portas à ſe diſtantes ampliùs quam 


ſtadia 24. 


Vilitas ſerici. 


CAP vT 34. 
De pallatio Imperatoris Grand Can. 


B Imperatoris Grand Can, quod eft in Caydo ciuitate, continet in circuitu proprij pala Impe- 
muralis vierd duas leucas, & funt in eo aulæ quam plures, in forma nobiles, & in materia no- ratoris Grand 
biliores. Aula autem ſedis, quæ eft maxima cæterarum, habet intrinfecus pre lui fultentatione Can deſcrip- 
24. xreas columnas factas opere fuſorio, de auro puro, & omnes parictes ab intus opertas pelli- " 

bus quorundam animalium, quæ vocantut Pantheres: he ſanguinei ſunt coloris, & ita remi · 

cantes, vt Sole deſuper relucente,vix oculus valeat huinanus fufferre ſplendorem, tantæ que fra- 

grantie vt illi approximate non poſſet aer infectus, vnde & ifta opertura parietum appreciatur 

luper tegmen aurearum laminarum. N 

Namque ſtultorum aliqui P. ganorum huiuſmodi adorant animalia propter colorum, odo- 
rümque virtutem. Propoſui retrahere calamum a deſeribenda nobilitate, gubernatione, & mi- 
niſtrantiũ frequentia, atque Imperatoris magnificentia: attamen quia ccœpi ego, propter incre: Inuel:inir in 
dulos, & neſcios, ac inerudibiles, non dimittam in toto. Quicunque enim nihil credunt, nihil incredulos. 
ſciunt, neque erudiri poſſunt, Scriptura teftante,ti non credideritis non intelligetis. Dico ergo, 

& verè dico, quòd in n aulæ capite fit thronus, vel ſedes Imperialis, excelſus, & eminens in 
aſcenſu graduum quamplutium, in quo refidere ſolet in plenaria maieſtate, in cuius throni toto 
corpore nihil apparet minus nobile, auro, margaritis, gemmis, & lapidibus precioſis. Singuli 
gradus ſunt de ſingulis, ac inter fe diu rfis magnis lapidibus, vtpote primus de Hæmatiſto, ali- 
us de Sardio, & alius de Chryſolito, & fic vſque ad fupremum gradum, qui finguli ad formam 
cuiuſque gradus ſunt circumfuſi, & cluſorio opere firmati, auro folide, & nihilomintis per ſu- 
0 auri, diſtinctè ſeminati, firmitérque incluſi lapilli cari, cum orientalibus Margaritis, 

ummitas autem cum ferculo reſidentiæ in nobilitate exciſionis, & fabrifactura operis tam di- 
oe eſt, & mira, yt paruitatem mei ingenij excedat , quamobrein & ci cedo, viterii{que pro- 
cedo,, 

Ad Imperatoris finiftram | oe no bafsior, eft fedes ſuæ prime coniugis, tota de iaſpidibus sedes prim. 
auro circumfuſis, & in fuperficie aulæ diſtinctæ gemmulę cum granellis eodẽ ſchemate, & ſi- conugis Im- 
militer de iaſpide. Sed adhuc ſubmiſſior vno gradu eft ſedes coniugis ſecundæ, nee non & ſub peratoris. 
illa vxoris tertiæ. Nam tres proprias ſecum Baber vrores, Odericus dicit, iftas duas concu- 5¢4¢s coniu- 
binas. Itemque refident ſub tertia coniuge nobiles mulieres de Imperatoris progenie, iuxta il- ©” mente, 
luſtriam vniuſcuiuſque. ' 

Et notandum, quòd per totam patriam ſingulæ mulieres maritatæ, vt intelligantur maritis Signum fubic. 
ſubiectæ, & vt difcernantura ſolutis, geſtant in capitis ſummitate fimilitudinem pedis viri, lon- Monis vxo- 
gitudinis brachij & dimidij, quadam levi materia operatam : videlicet nobiles de ſericoſis o- ĩum ſuis mari. 
peribus pannorum, feu alijs raris & pulchris pannis, & preciofis lapillis, & ignobiles iurta ſta- 
tum ſuum de materia communiori. 

Ad dextram verò fedentis Imperatoris vno gradu fubmiffus reſidet primogenitus eius fili- Primogeniti 
us, & ſub ipfo ordinatè in conſimilibus fedibus nobiles proximi de cognitione Imperiali. on 

Item ſupet thronum & deſuper ante ipfius throni locum, tanquam pro celato feu operimen- y edes, 
to in throno refidentium,& eorum miniftrantium , eft extenſa fimilitudo vitis operata in pal 
mitibus, & pampinis, de auro puro ad extenſionem cubitorum quadraginta,per quadrum, at- 
que per eam dependentes botri vuarum de gemmis , & granellis quinque colorum, quorum al- 


bi 


— 


The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


— — . ——— —œ－ꝑ6—Uéͤ⁊ —̃ 1ͥñ— 
di ſunt de chriſtallo & beryllo, & irifcrocei de topazio & fuluo chriſtallo, rubei de rubetotum 
granis, cotallo, alibandiniis, virides de Stnaragdis, pyropis, & chryfolytis, uri, de onichinis, 
. gapetis,& gerateris, 
b et prandij in hac aula,Jmperator & Iinperatrices, & quiſq; de pr dictis, habet men- 
fam fibi ſolam, quarum vilior præualet theſauro grandi. 

In ſolennitatibus ponitur menſa Imperatoti de exquiſito electro, ſeu de auro examinato, di 
ftinéta diamantibus, & nobis ignotis inc omparabilibus gemmis, quandôque de chriſtallo per- 
{picuo,feucroceo , circumclufa auro cum ee de Hæmatiſto, quandéque 
de ebore candido,vel rubicundo : interdum de ligno artificioſè combinato, quod deſcendit 
per flumina de Paradiſo. Idem dicit Odericus. 

His menſis aſtant Barones, & Principes pro vafallis attentè in ſuis officijs miniſtrantes, quo- 
rum nec vous emittete verbum aliqua pręſumit audacia,nifi Imperatore annuente, vel ad illura 
loquente,illis dũtaxat exceptis, qui certis interſpatijs canunt, aut rec itant de principum geltis, 

"Ee notandum, quando in hoe folio Maieftatis diebus folennibus refidet Imperator, ſubſide- 
re ad pedes eius notarios quatuor, qui omne quod Doninus loquitur, ſinguli ponunt in {crip- 
tis: nam quodcunque tunc ex oreillius egreditur, neceſſe eft eff, vel effici nec valet item ipſe 
verbum ſuum mutare, nec reuocare,nifimagno coniilio conuocato. 

Vniuerſa vtenſilia quibus in folennitate ad has ſeruitur menfas, ſunt de nobilibus petris au- 
to tecluſu, Cyphi de Smaragdis,vel Saphyris, topaſijs, pyropis, ſiue gryophis: & priuatioribus 
diebus, de auro probato « tiam in cameris, & cubiculis, nec reputatur ibi claritas argenti, nifi 
pro pilarijs, columnis, gradibus, & pauimentis. 

Iftius autem oſtia aulæ, dum in ea reſidet, aut deambulat Imperator, multi Barones ingreſ- 
ſum ſerwant intentè, & ne limen tangatur, quod hoc haberent pro augurio, & benè verberare- 
tut, quia Imperatore prafente , nemo niſi adductus in quacunque camera, vel habitatione in- 
tromittitur, donec once iufferit Imperator. 

Latitudinem huius Bafilice æſtimo ad ſpatium de meis pedibus centum , & longitudinem 


vitra quatuor centum. In cubiculo autem Regis dormitorio,conftat vous pillarius,feu columna 
de auto ſolido & carbunculus concluſus in illo longitudinis pedis vnius, totum habita- 
aulam lmpe- culum de nocte perfundens lumine claro. lie prout ego notaui, non eft plenè rubeus ſed ſub- 
2 coloris Hamatiftini.Porrd in vna aularum, circd medium palatii, ft alius excelſus 
us 


aſcenſus, Odericus dicit pigma, ſuper quem dum placet, ſtat, vel refidet Imperator, ditiffimée- t 
tim operatus,ex auro,gemmis,baccis,margaritis,& lapidibus raris, & in quatuor angulis, ima- debite 
gines quatuor ſerpentum de auro puro. ; ledta { 
Huius per tria Istera dependent retia feu cortinæ de cordulis ſericis, in quibus ad fingulos Feten 
nodos, groſſa — habetur innexa, quibus cortinis tegitur officina: in eius concauitate te- ne ſur 
netur tumba quadrata,in qua conueniunt conductus omnium potuum, qui bibuntur in Curia, aume 
& innumera vaforum genera, quibus potus omnibus miniſtratur. millet 
Prætered, iuxta palatii ambitum,habetur grandis parci ſpaciamentum, diuerſi generis arbo- lum, t. 
ribus repletum, fructus ferentibus varios, & nobis inuifos , & in parte media, aula ſuper excel - Maie! 
ſum collem de tam mira & pulchra ftructura, vt eius nobilitas de facili ad præſens, non pofsie An 
defcribi Et be e collis gyrum aque foſſatum profundum, & latum vltrà quod pons v- cytha 
nicus ducit ad collem.Atque ex duobus montis lateribus, ſtagnum cum diuerſorum copia piſ- uerſut 
cium, & volucrum indomitarum, vt aucarum, annatum, cignorum, cic oniatum, ardearum, e nuanit 
collectorum in magna pluralitate, nec non & per parcum, multæ fylueftres beſſiæ, & beftiole em th 
1 per aulæ feneſtras pofsit Dominus pro ſolatio reſpicete voluctum aucupationes, be- 
iarum venationes, & piſcium captiones. 
paladum in · Et hoe procuidubio ſciendum, qudd in noftris partibus raga fine oppida cum pluribus mane 
bear magni op- fionibus,quam in iſto palatio continentur. 
** Tota æſtate moratur in India terra frigidifsima,in hyeme in Cambalu. Odericus. 
eclligie Se „ Prater palatium hoc in Caydo,habet Imperator fimiliter tria: vnum in ciuitate Sadus, ver- 
ionalem ſus Septentrionem, vbi competens eft frigus, ibi moratur in æſtate. Cambalu,vbi competens 
Alte partem, calor ibi moratur hyeme.Tertium in ciuitate Iongh, in quo & in ifto Caydo, vt fepius ſeruat 
Sodus. fedem, eò quad in iftis eft aer magis temperatus,quamuis femper calidus videtur Noſtratibus. 
Carvr 35, 
De quatuor folennitatibws,quas Magnus Can celebrat in anno, 
Ciatis quad ego, meique fodales , pro fama magnificentiæ huius Imperatoris, tradidie 
Son nos ſtipendiarios efle in guerris , contra — Mangi — Et fuimus 
apud 


5. I. Mandeuit. 


o, rubei de ruberorum 
tis, nugri, de onichinis, 
tra dictis, habet men- 
de auro examinato, di · 
que de chriftallo per- 
æmatiſto, quandoque 
inato, quod deſcendi 


icijs miniſtrantes, quo- 
annuente, vel ad illura 
nt de principum geſtis. 
det Imperatot, ſubſide · 
inguli ponunt in ſcrip- 
fici,nec valet item ipſe 


de nobilibus petris au- 
ophis: & priuatioribus 
i claritas argenti, niſi 


multi Barones ingreſ- 
lo , & bene verberare- 
era, vel habitatione in- 


tum, & longitudinem 
s pillarius, ſeu columna 

vnius, totum habita- 
t plenè rubcus,fed fub- 
alatii, oft alius excelſus 
Imperator, ditiffime e- 

quatuor angulis, ima- 


in quibus ad ſingulos 
sin eius concauitate te- 
qui bibuntur in Curia, 


sdiuerfi generis atbo- 
dia, aula ſuper excel- 
ad præſens, non pofsie 
um vltrà quod pons v= 
diuerſorum copia piſ- 
oniarum, ardearum, 8e 
ſtres beſtiæ, & beftiole 
rum aucupationes, be- 


ida cum pluribus mane 


1.Odericus, 
in ciuitate Sadus, ver- 
balu,vbi competens 
ydo, vt fepius ſeruat 
s videtur Noſtratibus. 


Imperatoris , tradidie 
ominatum. Et fuimus 


apud 


F. Mandeuil. 


ee 

apud ipfum 13. menfibus, & certè inuenimus multò maiorem partem hominum , in mediam Mandeuillus 

partem nobis non fuiſſe relatam: hominum ( exceptis cuſtodibus beſtiarum & volucrum, ) qui Per — 

intra palatium certa gerunt miniſteria eft numerus decem cuman. — 
Nota. Traxi moram in Cambalu tribus annis: fratres noſtri locum habent in Curia ſua ſpeci- Grand Can. 

aliter, & feftis diebus ſtatutis dant benedictionem, Odericus. Et quoniam Imperator habet ſa- Vixitin Cam- 

tis plures quam decem mille Elephantes edomitos, & velut vitra numerum alias beſtias, (qua- balu tribus 

ri quædam tenentur in caueis, ſtabulis mirabilibus, vel catenis, )nec nõ & aues rapaces, & acci- 

pitres, falcones, oſtrones, gryfandos gentiles, Laueroys, & Satyros, ſed & auiculas loquentes. & 

papingos, & ſimiles, aliaſque cantantes: reputatur numerus hominum de iftis curam & la- Sex cuman 

daes gerentium, vltrà fex cuman, & prætereà iugiter ad Curiara equites cum plenarijs arma- 8 

turis, quinque cuman, & de peditibus cum prœliandi armaturis, cuman decem. Sed & omnes 3 


ofthe Engliſn nation. 57 


3 f * . os nes man cquitum. 
de natione quacunque mundi venientes, qui petunt defcribi pro Curia recipiuntur. Sic enim Decem Cu- 
iuſſit Imperator. man peditum, 


Habet & medicos Paganos viginti,& totidem Phyficos , atque fine his Medicos Chriftia- Medici Chri- 
nos ducentos,& totidem Phyſicos, quoniam ifte Grand Can maiorem gerit confidentiam in ſtiant achin 
Medicis Chriftianis,quam in ſuæ propriæ nationis medicis. 8 Grand 

Hoc ergo firmiter ſcias, quod de Curia Regis accipiunt neceſſaria fua pees vitra triginta vn : 0 
cuman hominum, præter expenſas animalium & volucrum, cum tamen in fe dis maioribus ſint ¢oninet die 
homines ↄropò in duplo tanti. Nec valet hic Dominus defectum vllum pati pecuniæ, ed quod cem millia, 
in terra {ua non currit moneta de argento, vel auro,alioue metallo, fed tantum de corio vel pa- vein cap 33. 
pyro: horu n enim forma denariorum figno Imperatotis impreſſorum preciatur minoris aue Moneta de 
maioris valotis, ſecundum diuerſitatem impreſſionis, qui per vifitationem,detriti vel rupti, cum c vel pe 
ad Regis theſaurarios deferuntur,protinus dantur pro illis noui. . 


Quater in anno celebrat Imperator fe ſtiuitates ſolennes. Quatuor 
Primam de die . Natiuitatis. feſa. 
Secundam de die fuz prime præſentationis in eorum Templo, quod appellant Moſeath, v- 

bi & fit ijs neſcio quod genus citcumciſionis. Circumciſio 
Tertiam in thronizatione fui Idoli in Templo, quzdam. 


Quattam de die quo Idolum ccepit dare refponfum ſeu facere diabolica mira, Plures enim 
in anno non tenet ſolennitates, niſi fi quando nuptias Aly aut filiz celebrat. NF 
Itaque in iſtis ſolennitatibus eft populi multitudo abſque numero, omnes tamen in ordine Dena 
debito, & finguli intendentes proprio miniſterio: nam ad hoc ordinandum, de difponendum, e- Ielcumum. 
lecta ſunt quatuor Baronum nobilium genera, ex quibus nonnulli ſunt Reges, & alij Equites 
potentes, Duces, & Marchiones, omnes induti holoſericis, quibus inſerti cũ certa diſſeminatio- 
ne ſunt vbique precioſi lapides, miræ virtutis, & aurifigia ſpecioſa, vt fi quis in his paitibus v- 
num de talibus haberet mutatorijs, dici non poſſet pauper imò prædiues. Et habet quodlibet 
millenariorum in his veftibus colorem fibi proprium : primum viridem, ſecundum vermicu- 
lum, tertium croceum, quartum purpureuim, ſeu indicum. Ergo in die ſolenni, dum de mane 
Maieſtatis thronum conſcenderit, veniunt ſe præſentare hoc modo Regi. 
Ante primum millenarium procedit copioſa fymphonia dulcis chordarum, ſicut de violis, 
cytharis, lyris, & pſalterijs, non autem de tubis aut tympanis : & precedunt Barones per tranſ- 
uerſum Aulæ coram 5 Domino ordinatè bini, & bini ſub ſilentio, ferentes ambabus 
nunibus ante pectus tabulam de laſpide, ebore, chriftallo,pyropo, vel Hæmatiſto, & ante faci- 
em throni Ebene ſe Imperatori profundè. . 
Illiſque pertranfeuntibus,fuccedit ſunili modo millenarius fecundus, & tertius, atque quar- 
tus nec auditur a quoquam vnicum verbum.Hac præſentatione cum debita maturitate perfe- 
&a reſident in baffo a latere throni ad proprias menfas, multi Philofophi, feu Artiſtæ, ficut de. 
Aſtronomia, Geomantia, Pyromantia, Hydromantia, Chiromantia, Necromantia, auguriis, 
ac arufpiciis, & huiufmodi,tenentes coram inftrumenta ſuæ artis, ali Aſtrolabium, & Sher 
de auro,alii in aureis vaſis arenam, prunas ardentes, aquam, vinum, oleum, & caluarias mortuo- 
rum loquentes & reſpondentes, nee non de aura hotologia ad mints duo: & ad cunctas horas 
ſecundum curfum horrologiorum innuunt Philoſophi ſeruis ſibi ad hoc deputatis, vt faciant 
præſtari auditum per aulam, quorum vnus aut duo conſcendentes ſcallum, alta voce procla- 
mant, audite, auſcultate, & omnibus intendentibusdicit Philofophorum vnus: Quilibet nunc 
faciat reuerentiam Imperatori, qui eſt filius Dei excelſi, Dominus& ſuperiot omnium Domi- 
norum mundi, quia ecce hæc en bor Et mox ſinguli in aula inclinato corpore & capite {eine 


elinant maieſtati manẽtes accliui, donec idem Philofophus dicat, leuate. Atque protinils ſu- 
per hoc factum, Muſici fuis inſtrumentis, ſuauem perſonant melodum. 


Poſted 


—— — aaa amen aeeeeed 
58 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Poſtea ad aliquantam moran fimili modo dicit alius Philoſophorum, minimus digitus in 
aure: & ecce hoc omnes faciunt, donec dicat, ſufficit: fic inaliam hotam, feu moram dicit, 
manus veſtra ſuper os, & poſteà manus fuper caput. Atque in hunc modum iuxta temporis 
curfum imponunt fac ienda ſigna diuerſa. Innuunt in eis latere magna myſteria, & quodlibet 
horum factorum melodia terminat Muſiccrum. Et ſciatis me quandoque in tempore oppor- 

Mandeuilli tuno ab eis interrogaſſe de his ſignis, qui reſponderunt quòd inclinare caput Domino ad ill- 

interrogatio. us horæ momentum, ſoret confirmatio omnibus diebus vitæ ſuæ, ad obediendum ipſi & fide- 
litatem obſeruandam imperio , nec poſſe corrumpi promiſſionibus ſiue donis, quodque digi- 
tum in auricula imponere, obturatio eft auditus contra omnia Imperatori, & Imperio contra- 
ria. Et fic de ſingulis factis ſingula myſteria confingentes decipiunt audientes: horum itaque 
fraudulento ingenio, iſte Grand Can feſtiuatus, non nifi ad talium iudicium parari permittit 
cibaria,aut ſieti indumenta pro fuo corpore. 

Dum autem eſt viſum Curiæ gubernatoribus ſatis de prædictis auditum, faciunt proclama- 

Oſfatda Im- tores filentium imperari,& incipit fieri offerenda Imperatori hoc inodo. Intrant omnes qui 
peratori facta. {unt de cognatione Imperatoris Barones adornati nobiliſſimè pro cuiuſque decentia balteis, 
& indumentis, quoruin primus cum reſouante ſymphonia præmittit ad oblationem quotquot 
valet de dextrarijs albis, & inc linans ante thronum pertranfit, atque per eundem modum ſin- 
uli Baronum offerentes aliquid dignum iocale inclinant tranſeuntes, ſilentio firmè ſeruato. 

Poſt hos intrantes fimili modo prælati & Abbates, de iuriſdictionibus & religionibus Pa ga- 
norum offerunt finguli pro ſuo ſtatu ſe reuerentèr inclinantes maieſtati, & maior prælatorum 
benedicit Regi, & ſuis ac Curia quadam ſuæ legis oratione. 

Deinde introducuntur elephantes, leones, pardi, ſimiæ, marmotæ, & diuerſę be ſtiæ, quarum 
ductores finguli tranfeuntes inclinant reuerenter, & intentè. Poſtremò afferuntur aquilæ, ſtru- 
chiones, gryphandi accipitres, & papingi, cum diuerfis auibus & auiculis, nec non ſerpentes ac 

iſces, quorum portitores inclinant protundé , quoniam dicunt omnes terrenas creaturas de · 
bete adorationem Imperatori Grand Can filio Dei excelſi: & his perfectis , 
AMuſicæ Camenæ perfoluunt debitaplene, 
Deplorat Pa- Nos igitur intendamus hoc loco quæſo quomodo veraciter Pogani in tenebris ambulant: dia- 
ganorumte · bolica inuolutione mens eorum obtenebrata non videt quomodd, cùm Imperator fit homo 
nebras, mortalis nuper natus, & fimiliter ficut illi infirmitate circundatus, atque in breui cum ipfis mo- 


Se 


Benedictio 
pralati. 


— 


ame 


riturus,quem etiam non dubitant ſub Deo,clamant eum non Deum,fed Dei filium, vbi vtique 

proriis ignorant illũ non effe laudandũ, nec adorandũ, fed eum non intédunt alium filium, fili 

um inc reatum & connaturalem, qui & 4 ‘9s & eum creauit, ſolum fuperlaudabilem in ſecula. 
a 


Inſignis Man · Ex hoc alto corde confiderantes,laudemus,adoremus,glorificemus & ſuperexaltemus totis de qu 
srw cin viribus Deum, qui nos filios lucis eſſe voluit, & ſalutis, nafci, baptizari, educari, erudiri ſub ſin- ſtatut 


. ona cetitate fidei Chiti dianæ, excluſo ſchiſmate & errore , atque fub inſtituto ſacroſanctæ matris præui 


Paganorum, Ecclefiz,in qua ſola penè ab omni circumferentia orbis terræ fides, qua ſaluat, & per dilecti- ue in 


onem operatur nunc remanſit. f Se 
Ec oremus inſtantèr pro ipſis Paganis, vt agnita veritatis luce videre pofsint quò ambulant, dextr 
vt perueniant ad Ieſum Chriftum coæqualem Dei filium, atque in ipſo, & per ipfum laudare & carun 
adorare ſolum vnum verum Deum. Q 
Capvr 36. balitt 
De ludis & rere in ſus feſlo, & de ſuo comitatu. omne 
Semelin die Ce poſt hoc p randio ſatis morofé, quia nunquam eft vitra ſemel edendum in die, de nuatu 
comedunt. quo & eius adminiſtratione nunc longum eft ſcribere, adſunt geſticulatotes. mira viſu, ſua- dem f 
uiag; auditu pedibus,manibus,brachijs,humeris,capitibus,& toto corpore, ac ad fingulos ge- etes c 
ſtus, correſpõdẽtes de bito vocis ſono. Et ſemper fing horũ mirabiliũ cantilena fubfequitur mu- marg 
Magi infignes ſicorũ. Ex hoc ioculatores præſtò ſunta bt Magi, qui ſuis incantationibus pręſtãt pręſtigia multa. Ett 
Inprimis faciunt videri Solem & Lunam,oricndo,defcendendo conſuetum ie intra Bafili- rioſèi 
cam peragere curſum, cum tanta nimietate ſplendoris, vt vix ſe inuicem hominẽs valeant re- rate 
cognoſcere præ fulgore, dicentes & mentientes,Solem & Lunam cali hanc mittere reuerenti- 
am Imperatori. 
Hine prt ludo comparent ſpecloſe puellæ ducere ſemitas & choreas, nobili geftu nobilif- 
fimum frre poculum lactis equarum in aureis vaſis, de quo,ponentes fe in genibus, tradunt 
Poe doininis & ee 
unc portantur & milites in equis,& armis quoq; pleni atque parati, qui feruentibus ſonipe- 
dibus ſe inuicem cuſpidibus ad fe ‘orem e pats Bic sees commhmuunt, & le 
menta per menſas, & pauimenta diſcurrunt . Ac deindè fantaftice venantur per aulam, ce ſeit de 
canibus 


S. I. Mandeuil. 


um, minimus digitus in 
otam, feu moram dicit, 
modum iuxta temporis 
myſteria, & quodlibet 
oque in tempore oppor- 
e caput Domino ad illi- 
obediendum ipſi & fide- 
e donis, quodque digi- 
tori, & Imperio contra- 
udientes : horum itaque 
dicium parari permittit 


um, faciunt proclama- 
do. Intrant omnes qui 
ufque decentia balteis, 
d . quotquot 
er eundem modum ſin- 
ſilentio firme feruato. 

is & religionibus Paga- 
„& maior prælatorum 


c diuerfe beſtiæ, quarum 
> afferuntur aquilæ, ſtru- 
is, nec non ſerpentes ac 
s tertenas creaturas de 
ctis, 


tenebris ambulant: dia- 
m Imperator ſit homo 
e in breui cum ipfis mo- 
d Dei filium, vbi vtique 
€dunt alium filium,fili- 
tlaudabilem in ſecula. 

c ſuperexaltemus totis 
educari, erudiri ſub fin- 


uto facrofanéte matris . 


faluat,& per dilecti- 


pofsint quo ambulant, 
& per ipfum laudare & 


mel edendum in die, de 

ulatores, mira viſu, ſua- 
bore, ac ad fingulos ge- 
tilena ſubſequitur ett 
preſtãt ipia multa. 
ian Vene Baſili- 
m homines valeant re- 
anc mittere reuerenti- 


s, nobili geſtu nobilif- 
fe in genibus, tradunt 


qui feruentibus fonipe- 
s comininuune, & frag- 
antur per aulam, cum 
canibus 


S. I. Mandeuil. of the Engliſh nation. 59 


cambus & papionibus,ad ceruos, lupos, vrſos, & apros, ad lepores, & marmotas, Que ingula 


cum ad horam paſcant vana delectatione ſenſus corporeos,miferiam tamen inferunt p men- 


u quod tot & tanti homines,neglecta prorſus animi ſalute, his diabolicis operationibus le de- 
derunt in toto. Nam certo non ita fine dæmonum conſolatione & familiaritate præmiſla con- 
fingi dicerem. oe D 

Nota: à Cambalu ad viginti dietas, eft pulchrum nemus girans o¢to dietas in circuitu, in pulchrum ne- 
quo ſunt omnia genera animalium: cuſtodes habet citca eum. Triennio vel quadriennio viſi- mus odo de- 
tat illud Imperator, & cum multa gente nemus circumdat,canes emittuntur & aues, cum mul. trum in ci 
to clamote, & feras congregant in medio nemoris, ad planiciem ſibi ſitam. Tunc Imperator. 
pti iacit quinque lagittas, poſtea alij: tunc Imperator dicit,Eya,hoc ell, mina beftijs, & ficut 
quilibet capit ſagittam ſuam ſignatam, percuſſam, aliis recedentibus ad ſua loca. Odericus. 

Praterea ante Imperatoris menſam eriguntur latæ tabulæ auteæ cum ſculptis, ac li viuerent, 
imaginibus gallorum, pauonum ac diuerſarum volucrum artificioſè, quas præſligiator facit 
pro libitu fine apprehenſione manus ire, tripudiare, chorizare, tremere, compugnare, bibere, 
manducare, ſed & cantare : quod quidem inter cetera mihi videbatur mitabilius & aſpectu de- 
lectabilius. Nullus iſtud plenè intueri potuit, niſi qui erat in throno vel circa: & me oportet hoc 1 deuilli 
loco fatcri ſtultitiam propriam, quod hac delectatione tractus, magnam adhibui apud Arti- curiofitas. 
ſtam Agenda vb, blandis, & quibuſcunque munuſculis, ac a ehe promiſsis, quod 
de tali mihi traderet artem, qui ſagax ſimul & fallax inprimis, ſpem meam trahebat ſponſio- 
num funibus: fed ad vltimum penitùs abſcindebat, dicens fe vouiſſe Deo immottali, ne eui- 
quam doceret niſi proprio filio feniori,ac per hoc me Deus ab illo malo conferuauit inuitum, 

& gratias nunc reddentem, pag 

Certum eft illic homines effe ſubtiles ad quaſdam humanas artes, & ingeniofos ad fraudes oc corum 
ſupet omnes, quas noui mundi partes, vnde & inter fe dicunt prouerbium, ſe ſolos videre duo- dictum in no- 
bus oculis, & Chriftianos vno, cætetos autem homines cæcos: ſed mentitur iniquitas fibi, quo- ui China hi- 
niam ipfi vident ſolo oculo terrena & tranfitoria,& nos Chriſtiani duobus, quia cum terrenis 2 refer- 
videmus ſpiritualia, & manfura : percuſſit enim“ Naas, id eft, humani generis hoftis cum illis Infignis fen- 
foedus,ve erueret omnibus oculos dextros, ſcilicet ſpirituales. tenua. 

Cilm itaque narrata de pramifsis debeant ſufficere, quando Imperator Grand Can de vno 1. Sam. 11 2. 
quatuor palatiorum ad aliud tranſire velit, vel fortè gratia viſitationis aut ardui negotii per Im- 
perium de Regno ad Regnum tendit per comitatus, quatuor exercitibus ante & retro, & ex 
ambobus lateribus. 

Primus exercitus præcedit perfonam Regis per vnam de ſuis dietis, vt ſemper in hoſpitium, 
de quo receſsit exercitus Rex intret nocte ſequenti, & eft hic primus comitatus deſcriptus, & 
ſtatutus de numero quinquaginta cuman virorum, hoc eſt, quingentorum millium,fempérque 
præuiſum, & prouiſum eſf, vt nueniant neceſſaria in locis, vbi habent quiefcere, vel tardare fie 
ue in hoſpitiis, ſiue in tentoriis. 

Secundus & tertius comitatus ſunt eiuſdem numeri virorum cum primo, quorum vnus ad 
dextram tendit Imperatoris, alius ad ſiniſtram in diſtantia ab ipſo ad trium vel duarum leu- 
carum. 

Quartus autem qui maior eft omnibus, ſubſequitur Imperatorem quoafi ad ſpatium iactus 
baliſtæ. Et adhuc ſciendum eſt, quòd perſonę horum comitatuum ſunt ſigillatim, & ſummatim 
omnes deſcriptæ, vt dum vna moritur vel recedit, protinũs alia inſcribatur, & numerus non mi- 
nuatur. Ipſe vero Imperator tendit refidens in celſa ſeu camera ædificata fuper currum gran- Cella ſeu ca- 
dem forma, fortem robore, nohilem in ſtructura, eſt cella de ligno Alves optimi odoris, & pari- mera xdifica- 
etes cell operti in quibuſdam locis laminis aureis, quæ & ipſæ diſtinguuntur gemmis variis, & ta ſuper cur- 
margaritis. un. 

Eſt autem currus quatuor rotarum duntaxat, quem trahunt quatuor Elephantes ad hoc cu- Quatuor Ele- 
rioſè inſtructi, cum quatuor hippis albis equa doctis & ipſi eooperti ditifsimis tegumentis, ac phantes & 
ene aurigas nobiliter indutos, qui currum cautiſsimè ducunt, adſunt & quatuor de maiori- quatuor e qua 

us palatii Dominis, indè ad vehiculum habentes iugem curam, de minatione eius, & ne vlti- alba: trahen - 
mo exercitu approprict infra iactum (vt dixi) ſagittæ. Ipſe autem interdum pro ſodalitate iu- * e 
bet ſecum aſcendete quam vult perfonam, fed minimè vltrà duos. In cellæ quoque culmine, 8 
quod aperiri valet & claudi, aſtant in pertica quatuor grifandi, vel oſtiones. Odericus: duode- 
eim Girfalcones,ve fi fortè Imperator in aere aquilam, vulturum ardeam, vel collectorem cer- 
neret,cito dimitteret iſtorum duas aut plures ad aucupandum. 

Nota, per Dromedarios, & curſores , & veloces, qui de hofpitio ad hoſpitium permutantur, Hae hodié w. 
ſeit de remotis noua. Curſor enim appropinquans cornu ſonat, & tune alius præparat, x vlteri- 2 15 
Us Chinarum 


——ũ —— 
60 The voyages and diſcoueries &. I. Mandeuil. 


N currit. Odericus. Sciendumque tam primogenitum Regis,quam fingulas de tribus vxoribus 
duc ere ſimilem apparatum in itinerando poſt ipfum, ſcilic et cum quatuor comitatibus, antè, & 
retro ke a lateribus, ſed in valdè minoti numero perſonarum pro placito, & in ſingulis curribus 
ſequentibus ſe inuic em pet vnam dietam. 1 

ræmiſſa omnia fic ſiunt, dum Imperatori tendendum eft remote, alias autem minuuntur, 
& diſtinguuntur comitatus, iuxta quod decet, vt nonnunquam omnes Imperatores etiam 
cum filio fimul tendant, cum vna comitatuum diſtinctione . Tranfeunte autem ſie· Impera- 
tore per ciuitates & villas quilibet ante fores proprias ptæparato igne iactat puluerem aroma- 
ta tedolentem, {tans genibus flexis ad reuerentiam illi. Et ſciatis vbi prope tranſitum illie 
us habentur Chriſtianæ Abbatiæ, quas olim conſtituit Dux Ogerus, exeunt obuiam illi in pro- 
ceſſione cum vexillis,& ſancta cruce, & aqua benedicta, & thuribulo,hymnum, Veni Creator 
ſpititus, dec antantes. f 2 Pee : . 

Nota: Ego ſemel cum Epiſcopo noftro,& alijs fratribus,iuimus obuiam per duas dietas, & 
portaui thuribulum. Odericus. quos ipfe a remotis videns, conſueuit ad fe appellare, & ad crue 
cem ſuum galeatum deponere, ac reuerentérnudo capite inclinare: & pralatus dicens ſuper 
eum aliquam orationem fignatcruce, & aqua benedicta aſpergit. Et quoniam neceſſe elf, vt 

uiſque extraneus ante Negem apparens, offerat ci aliquid, prælatus in difco præſentat ei fru 
Au ke oma, vel pyra, & hoc in numero nouenario, (ratio ponitur primo capitulo proximo, 
quod ite numerus eft plus egteris acceptus,) de quibus Imperator vnum fibi ſumens, reliqua 
tradit Dominis præſentibus: quo facto habent relligiofi recedere citò, ne opptimantur multi- 
tudine populi ſubſequentis. 
præfatum Domini galeatum, eſt ita intextum auro, diamantibus, geminunculis, & orienta 
libus margaritis,pranellis,& dubletis, & prædiues in materia & artificio, vt ei non fit æquan- 
dus magni in partibus iftis Regis thefaurus.Item ſicut hac fiunt tranſeunti Imperator, fiunt & 
Imperatricibus,& filio ſeniori. 
CaPvtT. 37. 
Quadecanfa dicitur Grand ¶ un. 

8 audire, dicam cur hic Imperator fit appellatus Grand Can. Audieram ego in parti- 
us Ierofolymorum hunc eſſe fic diétum,a filio Noe, Cham: ſed in terra Cathay accepi & 
aliam, & meram huius rei veritatem. Nam & ſeribendo hac duo nomina habent 9 — 
quod filius Noe Cham ſcribitut quatuor elementis, quorum vitimum eft M. & iſte Can tribus 

tantùm, quorum vltimum eft N. 


vera ratio hu · ¶ Poſt annos Chriſti 1100. illa prima Tartaria (de qua fupra {cripfi in prima parte, capitulo 


hus nominis 


Can. 
Guis Can. 


quinto) fuit nimis oppreffa ſeruitute ſub Regibus circumiacentium ſibi nationum. Quandd 
autem Deo placuit, maiores illius Tartariæ eleuauerunt de ſeipſis ſibi Regem dictum Guis 
Can, cui & promiſerunt fubiectifsimam obedientiam. 

Idem culm effet prudens & ſtrenuus 12. viriles habens filios, debeilauit cum ijs & populo 
ſuo, & vicit, ac ſubiecit cunctos in circuitu Reges, quibus terra indebitè diù ſubiacuerat. Quin 
etiam apparente ſibi in viſione Angelo Dei velut milite in albo equo, & candidis armis, & hor- 


“Vel Belgiam tante ſe, vt tranſiret Alpes, per montem “ Beliam,& per brachium maris, ad terram Cathay, & 


ad alias illic plurimas regiones tranſiuit, & cœpit cum filijs ſuis aliquas ex illis debellare, & 


Cur albiequi, ſubijcere, Deo in omnibus adiuuante patentèr. Et quoniam in equo albo ei Angelus apparuit, 
& nouenar ius qui etiam antè paſſum prædicti maris nouem orationes Deo facere iuſsit, ideò ſucceſſores vſqʒ 


taris ſint in 


pretio. 


numerus Tar · hodiè diligunt equos albos, & nouenarium numerum habent pre cæteris in gratia. 1 


Guis Can motti præ ſenio ap un, conuocatos ante ſe filios hortabatur, & mouebat 
exemplo 12. telorum in fimul colligatorum, quæ a nullo filiorum paritèr frangi potuerant, fed 
diſſoluta vnumquodque per ſe facile frangebatur, fic filij (inquit) dilectiſsimi, ſi per concordi- 
am vos inuicém dilexeritis, & vixeritis feniori fratri obedientes, confido in Deo iuxtà promiſ- 
ſionem mihi ab Angelo factam, quòd omnem latiſsimam iſtam terram, & optimam illius ime 
perio ſubijcietis, quod & pòſt patris diſceſſum ſtrenuiſsimè ac fidelifsime (Deo fibi profperane 
te ade so quia cum propriis nominibus habebant cognomen Can, primogenitus pro 
differentia obtinuit nomen Grand Can, id eft, Magnus Can, videlicet ſuprà cæteros fratres, qui 
fibi in omnibus obediebant. 

9 5 ifte fecundus Imperator vocabatur Ochoto Can, 

Poſt quem filius eius regnauit dictus Guican, 

Quartus autem, qui Mango Can baptizabatur, permanſitque fidelis Chriftianus, qui e- 
tiam miſſo magno exercitu cum fratre {uo Hallaon in partes Arabiæ & Acgypti mandauit dee 
ftruiin toto Mahometi ſuperſtitionem, & terram poni in manibus Chritfesrorum . Et fratre 

cum 


SI. Mandeuitl, 


SS 
pulas de tribus vxoribus 
1or comitatibus, antè, & 
o, & in ſingulis curribus 


alias autem minuuntur, 
nes Imperatores etiam 
inte autem fic · Impera- 
actat puluerem aroma- 
bi propè tranſitum illie 
cunt obuiam illi in pro- 
lymnum, Veni Creator 


uiam per duas dietas, & 
1 fe appellare,& ad crue 
& pralatus dicens fuper 
quoniam neceſſe ike 
n difco præſentat ci fru 
rimo capitulo proximo, 
um fibi ſumens, reliqua 
ne opptimantur multi- 


minunculis, & orienta- 
io, vt ei non fit æquan- 
unti Imperatori, fiunt & 


Audieram ego in parti- 
terra Cathay ac cepi & 
na habent A renden 
ft M. & iſte Can tribus 


n prima parte, capitulo 
bi nationum. Quandd 
i Regem dictum Guis 


lauit cum ijs & populo 
did ſubiacuerat. Quin 
t candidis armis, & hore 
s,ad terram Cathay, & 
as ex illis debellare, & 
1 ei Angelus apparuit, 

it, ide ò ſucceſſores vſqʒ 
ris in gratia. mee 
hortabatur, & mouebat 
: frangi potuerant, fed 

ifsimi,fi per concordie 
p in Deo iuxta promiſ- 
hy & optimam illius ime 
ne (Deo fibi profperane 
Can,primogenitus pro 
ipracateros fratres, qui 


lis Chriſtianus, qui e. 
Aceypti mandauit dee 
riftianorum. Et fratre 

cum 


5. Mandeuil. 


of the Engliſn nation. 6¹ 


procedente, accepit rumores de fratris {ui Imperatoris morte inopinata, quapropter & redije 


- Quineus Cobilacan, qui etiam fuit Chriftianus,& regnauit 42. annis, & zdificauit magnam Cobilecan, 
ciuitatem long, maiorem fatis vibe Roma, in qua & continetur valde nobile palatium Imperi- 


ale. Hine vique hodie omnes fucceffores paganifino ſodantur. 


Tempore autem med erat nomẽ Imperatoris Echiant Can, & primogenitus eius Cofuecan Echiang Can, 
er quem d alios filios habuit i a. de quorũ nominibus conſeribendis nomeſt curg pr¢fentis, Le 
1 ſuotum vocabatur Serochan, qua & ft filia Præsbyteri Ioannis ſeilicet Im- aaf 


peratoris Indiz. 
Secunda Verouchan. t Serochan vx 
Tertia Caranthcan, or Grid Can, 


Iftis duobus Imperatoribus non ereditur inueniri maior Dominus ſub firmamento Carli, 

In literis que huius Imperatoris Tartarig (cribuntur noraine ponitur ſemper iſte Titulus. Can 
filius Dei excelfi,omninm vniuerſam terram colentium ſummus Imperator, & Dominus Do- 
minantium omnium. 

Circumferentia magni fui ſigilli, continet hoc ſeriptum. 
Deus in ¶ wle, Can 7 — tervam,cias fortitude, Omninm lum 
Imperatoris figillsam, 

Sciendum quoque quod quainuis populi ibi dicuntur, & ſunt Pagani, tamen & rex & omnes 
eredunt in Deum immortalem, & omnipotentem, & iurant per ipfum appellantes, Vroga, id Trog, Deus 
eſt Deum Natutz. Sed nihilominus colunt & adorant idola, & fimulachra aurea, & artzentea, Neu. 
lapidea, iignea, filtris, lanea, d& linea, 

CA vr. 38. 
Deterritorio ¶ athay, c moribus Tartarorum, 
tum Imperium Imperatoris Grand Can diſlinctum eft in 12. magnas prouincias,iuxta 43, prouincix 
numerum duodecim filiorum primi Genitoris Can, quarum quelibet in ſe continet circi- Chine, 

ter 6. millia ciuitatum, preter villas non numeratas quæ ſunt velut i que numero. Habent && Numerus ci- 
fingulz prouifici regem principalem, hoc eft 1 2. reges prouinciales, & horum quiſque ſubſe 
reges Inſularum plurimos,alij 30. alij cẽtum, alij plures, qui omnes & ſinguli ſubiecliſſimè obe- 
diunt Grand Can Imperatoti. Harũ 288 maior, & nobilior dicitur Cathay, quę conſiſtit Cathay. 
in Afiaprofunda, Tres enim ſunt Afie, ſeilicet quæ profunda dicitur, & Aſia dicta maior quæ 
nobis eft ſatis propinquior &tertia minor intra quam eft Ephelus beati Ioannis Euangeliſtę ſe- 
pultura, de qua habes in præcedentibus. Audiſtis ſtatum magnatum & nobilium eſſe per- 
mapnificd, & glorioſum, ſed {ciatis longè ſecus eſſe apud communes & priuatos homines tam 
in ciuicatibus quam in forenfibus totius Tartariz, In prouincljs autem Cathay habetur tantum Abundantia 
de mereimonijs fpecierum,& de operibus fericofis,qudd multis facilius acquirere effet pratio- ſitici in Ca- 
ſum indumentum, quàm camiſium de lino. Vnde & quicunq́; ſunt alicuius honeſtatis non ca- 
rent deſuper precioſo veitimento. 

Omnes tam viri feminæ fimilibus in forma veſtibus inducuntur, videlicet valde latis, Velticus Tare 
& breuibus viq ad genua cum apertura in lateribus quamſirmant (dum volunt)anfis quibufe rerum. 
dam, nam veerque fexus eft brachijs feu femoralibus plené tectus. Nunquam veuntur toga aut 
collobio, fed nec caputio, vndè nec per aſpectum indumentorum poteſt haberi differentia inter 
virum Scmulierem innuptam. Sed nupta (ve ſupra dictum eft) geftas per aliquod tegumentum 
in capite formam pedis viri. 

Nubit illi¢ vir quotquot placet mulieribus vt nonnulli habeant decem vel duodecim vxores 
aut plures. Nam qui(que maritus iungitur licentèr cuilibet mulieri, exceptis matre, & amita, ſo- 
rore,& filia. Sicut viri equitant, tendunt,& currunt per patria pro negotijs fic & mulieres, quo- 
niam d ipſę operantur omnia feré artificia mechanica ficut pannos & quicquid efficitur de] - 
no, corio, ſericoq́;, minantq́̊; carrucas,& vehicula,fed viri fabricant de ferro et de omni metallo 
lapidibus ag; ligno, nec vir nec mulier nobilis aut degener comedit vltra ſemel in die com- 
muniter. Multa nutriunt pecora fed nullos porcos, patum comeditur ibi de pane exceptis mag- 
natibus & diuitibus ſed carnes edunt pe iarum, &c beſtiolarum vtpote boum, ouium, 
caprarum, equorum,afinorum, canum, cattotum, murium, 6 rattorum ius carnium ſorbentes, anti lac 
& omnis generis lac bibentes. equarum bs. 
* Nobiles autẽ bibunt lac equarii,feu jumentorũ, pro nobiliffimo potu & pauperes aqua bul- bunt. 
liã ci modico mellis, quia nec vinũ ibi habetur, nec ceruifia cõficitur: multi ac plurimi fontes aa 
cõſulunt in fua fiti,per villas. rura.Domus,6¢ habitacula rotundę ſunt formę, compoſita & cõ- 8 
r quas nos n — 
rotundam 


b —— . ——— ñ— acm ę 22 
62 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mlandeuil. 
rotundam in culmine aperturã pte ſtantem duo beneficia habitationi, quoniam & ignis quem 
Forma do · in medio domus 5 — — emittit,& pro aſpiciendo lumen immittit. Intrinſec us ſunt 
motum, ietes vndiq́; de filtro, ſed & tectum filered eld i has domus, dum locum habnendi mutare vo- 
Tartari Ua. — vel dum in diutina expeditione prgcedunt. ducunt fecum in pflauſtris quaſi tentoria. 
in plauf Multas ſuperuacuas obferuant ceremonias, quia reſpic iunt in vanitates & infanias falſas 1 fo- 
vmentes, lem & lunam ptęcipuè adorant, eis que frequentèr genua curuant, & ad nouilunium, quic quid 
Nouilunium eſt magni eſtimant inc hoandum. 
in precio, Nullus omnino vtitut calcaribusin equitido,fed cogunt equum flagello ſcorpione reputan- 
2 tes peccatum non leue, fi quis ad hoc flagellum appodiat, aut iumentum percuteret {uo freno, 
plerad; ſumilia, quę parti aut nihil noc ent, põderant vt grauia, ficut imponere cultellum in igne, 
os oſſe confringere,lac feu aliud potabile in terram effundere, nec non & huiufmodi mulea, 
Mingere intra Sed ſuper hee, tenẽt pro grauioti admiſſo mingere intra domi que inhabitatur, & qui de tanto 
domum pec- crunine proclamaretur — ad mortem. Et de ſingulis neceſſe eft vt confiteatur 
cad cause. eccator Flamini fuglegis,& ſoluat ſummũ pecuniatũ de iti. Et h peccatũ deturpationis habi· 
taculi venerit in publicum,oportebit reconciliari domũ per ſac erdotem, ptiuſquã vilus audebit 
intrare. Inſuper & peccatorem neceſſe erit pertranfire ignem, ſemel, bis, aut ter iuxta iudici- 
um Flaminis, quatenus per ignis acrimoniam purgetur a tanti inquinatione peccati. 

Neminem hominum probibent inter fe habitare, fed indifferentèr receptant, ludæos, Chri- 
ſtianos, Satacenos, & homines cuiuſcunque nationis, vel legis dicentes fe ſatis putare ſuum ti- 
tum non ita ſecurũ ad ſalutem, niſi quandoq́; traherentur ad rit magis falutarem,quem tamen 
determinate nunc ignorant,imd multi de nobilibus funtiam in Chriſtianitate baptizati. 

Attamen qui illorum ſunt curiales Imperatoris non vellent in palatio publicati. 

Pœnè oblitus eram, quod nunc hic dico notandum, quia dum ab extra Imperium, quis veni- 
ens nuntius aut legatus cupit tradere proptijs manibus literas Imperator, vel deponere coram 

Seu Guber- illo mandata, non permittur,donec prius in puris tranſeat lineis ad vod ad minus ſre gum pro fui 
dum tarts. burgatione, ne quid forſitan affetat cuius viſu, vel odoratu ſeutactu tex poſſit grauari. 
m“ Porto Tartari in pracinéto expeditionis habeut finguli duos arcus, cum magna itate 
telotum: Nam omnes ſunt ſagittarij ad manum & cum rigida & longa lancea. iles autem 
in equis ptecioſè phaleratis ferunt gladios,vel ſpatas breues & latas, ſcindentes pro vno latere, 
& in capitibus galeas de cotio cocta, non altas, ſed ad capitis formam depreſſas. 
Quicunq́; de luis fugerit de piglio, ipſo facto couſciiptus eit, vt ſiquã do inuentus fuerit occi- 
duur. Si cattrit vel eiuitas obſeſſa ſe illis roddete voluerit, nullam acceptant cõditiont᷑ niſi cum 
2 ten” Morte omnium inimicorum, vel ſi quis homo fingularis fe dederit vic tum mhilomistus sb{que 
5 vlla miſeratione occidunt, detrunc antes illi protinus aures, quas poftea coquentes, & in aceto 
(dum habuerint) ponentes mittunt inuicem ad conuiuia pro extremo ferculo : dumque ipſi in 
bellis arte fugam ſimulant, periculoſum eft eos inſequi, quoniam iaciunt ſagittas à tergo, qui 
bus equos & hominesoccidere norunt. Et quando in prima acie comparant ad bellandum, 
mirabiliter ſeſe conſtringunt, vt media pars numeri eorum vix credatur. 
— hid eee rane e Tartaros re patuos oculos, & modicam vel raram barbam: 
In proprijs locis rarò inter fe litigant, contendunt, aut pugnant, timentes legũ pergraues emen · 
4. chi — . ——— ibi ratius 5 —— (— 6 ta- 
les criminatores inueſtigatione folliciea requtuntur, & fine redemptione aliqua perununtur. 
rele aa Dũ quis decumbit intirmus figitur lancea irta ilkun in terra, & cũ appropinquauerit morti, 
: nullus remanet iuxta ipſum, cũ verd mortuus eſſe ſoitur, conſeſtim in campis,8 cum lancea ſe · 
pelitur. 4 C 3 r. 39. 
De ſepaltura Insperatoris Grand ¶ ar, & creatione arte. 
er Can poſtquam eius ee eh e mox a pasicis viria in 

parco palatij, ad prxuiſum locũ vbi debeat ſepehæi Et nudato prius toto illo loco à gramini · 
bus cum cefpite figitur ibi tentorimus in quo velut in folio regali de ligno corpus defiinẽti refs 
dens collocatur, paratufq́; menſa plena.coram ao cibarijs praciofis, & potu de lacte iunento · 
rum. Inſtabulatur ibi & equa cum ſuo pullo,fed 8¢ipfe albus, nobiliedr phaleratus, ft onuftacus 
certo pondete auri & argenti. Et eft totum Tentorij pauimentum de mundo ftramine firm. 

Tuncque effodiunt in cireuitu foſſam lataua valde, & ptofundam vt totum tenturmm cum 
omnibus 8 defcendat in illani. Eog; facto ita equalitér terram planificantes 3 
unt graminibuꝰ, vt in omnit re locus ſepulturꝑ non valeatrpparere, Et quoniamigno- 
— nubilo turpiter — in alio ſeculo homines delebationibus — cuba 
tentotiũ crit ei pro hofpitio,cibi ad edendũ, lac ad „ equus ad equitandum, aum 88 
argentũ ad refpiciendii,fed & equa lac ſempèr preftabit ,&pulios — aan 
0 


emoniz 
Tutarotum. 


S. I. Adandenil, 


juoniam & ignis quem 
mittit. — ſunt 
m habitendi mutare vo- 
ris quafi centoria. 

es & infanias falſas: ſo- 
Jnouilunium, quic quid 


ello ſcorp ione reputan- 
m — 1 
onere cultellnm in ine, 
& huiufmodi mulea, 
abitatur,& qui de tanto 
necefle eft vt confiteatur 
caiũ deturpationis habi- 
n, priufqua vilus aude bit 
, bis, aut ter iuxta iudici- 
one peccati. 
eceptant, ludæos, Chri- 
ſe ſatis putare ſuum ri- 
ſalutarem, quem tamen 
anitate baptizati. 
) publicari, 
ra Imperium, quis veni- 
pri, vel deponere coram 
ad minusſre gum pro fui 
t poſſit grauari. 
cum magna pluralitate 
* les ee 
tes pro vno latere, 
— 
do inuentus fuerit occi- 
tant cõditiont᷑ niſi cum 
um nihilomiuus abſqͥue 
coquentes, & in aceto 
2 ¢ wpe ipſi iu 
ut ſagi tergo, qui 
2 — bellandum, 


cam vel raram barbam: 
legũ pergraues emen- 
aut fornicaruus, quia ta- 
ne aliqua perimuntur. 

ppropinquauerit morti, 
unpis, c cum lances fe~ 


S. I. Mandeuil. ofthe Engliſh nation. 63 


poſt has itag; Im is defun@ti miferas exequias, nullus omnino audebit de ipfo loqui 
coram vxoribus & js propinguis, fet n mt derogari pe- 
ci quiet illius,qua non dubitant eum dominari, in ſatis gloria Paradifi qui hic ftetit. 

Igitur Grand Can fog obliuioni tradito, conueniunt quam citd nobiles de 
ptouinc i Cathay, & cui Imperium ex pro 7 competit, dicunt fic, 
Ecce volumes prdsnamus, atque por nanan fis mefter Dominus O Imperator. 
ir . 
Sivealtis mee ſupvr vor ſicu & iii und —— spevtebl vol fore mibi ob editer tam ad mer- 
Et reſpondentes dicunt. 
ac im id praceperitis, 
ri Im aa * Dede : 1 ag itote, quod ex nunc verbum meum acutum & 4,cathedra, 
{cindens erie vt meus enfis: Pergit quod feflum in due hüte nigro ſuper pauimemũ in con- 
ſpecdu throni expanfo, & cum ipfo Philtro eleuatur ab omnibus, & infertur Imperiy folio, ac 
coronatur diademate pręcedentis Imperatoris. 8 
Deinde finguli principes,& ſingulæ ciuitates, oppida, & villz per vniuerſum imperium mit- 
tunt ei munera iocalia,vafa,pannos,equos,elephantes, aurum, argentum, & lapides ptecioſos, 
quorum, qua lum, & quantorum vix vel in numero haberi poteſt æſtimatio. 
CAP Tr. 40. 
Demuinus regionibus Imperie Tartaria fubietlis. 
Reuitèr & nunc intendo curſum defcribere aliquarum magnarum regionum & Infularum 
Imperij Tartariæ. Et primò illas 1 — defcendunt a prouincia Cathay per ſeptentrionalem 
Regie ad fines Chriftianitatis Pruſſiæ, & Ruſſiæ. 

Ergo prouincia Cathay deſcendens in fui oriente à regno Tharfis iungitur ab occidente rege furcueſtan 
noſ Turqueſcen in quo & ſunt plurimæ ciuitates, quart formofior dicitur Octoper. Ipfum au- Odd pa. 
tem Turquefcen regnũ iungitur ad occidentem {ui regno feu Imperio Perfiz, & ad ſeptentrio- Corafine, 
nem regno Corafine, quod {paciofum eft valde, habens verſus orientem fui vltra centum digtas Regnum Cé- 
deſertit hoc regnũ eft multis bonis abundans, & appellatur eius melior ciuitas etiam Coraſine. @a00rum. 

Ifti quoq́; regno iungitur in occidente verſus tahoe noftras regnum Commanorum, quod 
& fimiliter longum eft, ic latum, fed in paucis fui locis inhabitatum: Nam in quibufdam eft fri- 
gusnimium,in alijs nimius calor, & in nonnullis nimia mufearum multitudo. 

De iftis Commanis venit olim fugata quedam pluralitas populi vique in terram e£gypti 
qua ibidem fuccreta nunc ita inualuit, vt ſuppreſſis indigenis videatur regnare: Nam & de ſe- 
ipfis conſtituerunt hunc, qui modo eft Soldanus, Melech Mandibron, Per Commanorum Id eft Volga, 
regnum decurtit Grandis luuius Echil, qui omni hyemali tempore in magna ſpiſſitudine ge- vel Cauca- 
latur: in ſuperioti quoq́; parte huius regni inter duo freta Cafpig, & Oceani, mons ſublimis eft ſus 
valde Chocas, Nota quod à noſtris partibus non poffit vique in Indiam fuperiorem duci Iter facienda 
magnus exercitus per terras, nifi per tres tantummodo tranfitus, quorum iſte eft vuns, qui ta- tempore gla 
men non valet tranſiri nifi tempore glaciei, & hic appellatus eft Lodekonc. clei, 

Alter perTurquefcen,8& per Perfiam,tamen ibi {unt deferta plurium digtarum,in quibus niſi 

exercicus bene prouiſus, poſſet perire. 
Tertius ad primos fines regni Commanorum, tranſfretando tamen mare vſque in tegnum Sarach. 
Abchaz : principalis ciuitas Commanorum dicitur Sarach. ; : 
Ab hoc regno verfus partes noftras inuenitur regio Laiton quæ eft vitima paganifmi,iun- Laiton,vel Li- 
gitur ifte finis terra Chriftianitatis regno Pruſſiæ, & Ruſſiæ. . 
Poſt poteſtatem Imperij Tartariæ deſcendendo à ptouincia Cathay in Auſtralem plagam 
venitur verfus Perftam,Syriam,& Greciam, Verſus terram Chriftianorum poſſum aliqualiter 
prc ee conuenit huic ſeripto)cõnotare. Dixi fupraiam prouinciam Cathay iun- 

iregno Turquefcen ad oceidentem, & illud quod; iungi regno ſeu Imperio Perſiæ. Adquod 

iendum, quamuis rex Perſie habet etiam ab olim nomen Imperatoris; quia( cũ tenet aliquas 
terras fui Imperij ab Imperatore Tartarorum)neceſſe eft vt in tanto fubiedtus ſit ill. 

Sunt autem in Perſin dux regiones: vna altæ Perſiæ, quz a regno Turqueſcen deſcẽdens, un- Id eſt Euftra- 
git ad oceldentem fui fluuio [Pyfon.In ifta habẽtur renominate ciuitates, quarũ ineliotes dug ocurs vel 

icuntur Bocura & Seonargant, quam aliqui appellant Samarkand: Et altera Regio baſſæ pohare. 
Perfiz , defcendens a flumnine Pyfon, qui ad {ui oceidentem iungitur regno Media, & terra Samarkand, 
minoris Armeniæ, & ad Aquilonem mari Cafpio, & ad Auſtrum terre minoris Indlæ. Neffabé, 

In hac baſſa Perfia tres principaliores ciuitates funt Aeſſabor, Saphaon, [Sarmafaule.In terra wend 
euté maioris Armeniz quonda eee regna, que nunc dicuntur ate! Imperio Maior Ar- 

2 arum menia. 


64, The voyages and difcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Maior Arme- Perfarum,habetque famani terræ nobilis, & ad occidentem fui iungitur Regno Turciz. - 

nia. Hec Armenia multas valdè bonas continet ciuitates, quarũ famofior eft Tauriſa. Regnũ Me- 

Taurifa, diz quod ſubeſt Regi Perfarum quamuis non latum elt tamen longi eft, & ad occidentem fui 

12 8 regno Chaldeę coniunctum. In Media meliores duæ ciuitates ſunt, deras, & Keremen. 

Georgia. Hinc ad occidenté {ui,iunéta eft regio Georgiz qug modo conftat diuiſa in duo regna: Nam 

Abchas, alas pars ſuperior, quę iungitur Medię reſeruauit ſibi nomen Georgie ſed inferior pars dicitur regnũ 

Alchaz. Abchaz. Ambo hęc regna, & reges eorũ, ſunt de fide Chriſtiana, & homines ita deuoti vt ad mi- 
nus ſemel in hebdomada cõmunicent ſacramentis, iuxta ritũ Grgcorum confectis. Et quidem 
regnum Georgie fubiacet imperio Grand Can:fed Abchaz nunquam ab ipfo Imperatore Tar- 
tariz,neque Perlarum, neq; Medorum domino fubdi s eo quod munitum eft aquis & iu- 
pibus & aljs prouiſionibus contra impugnationes hoftiles, 

in parte regni. Iuxta hoc regnũ Abchaz habetur vnũ mirum & mirabile, nam magnus eft territorij locus di- 

Gon Aus Hamfon, & continens in circuitu ſpacium vig quatuor digtarũ: videtur femper opertus te- 

tenebre, nebris denſis venemoaudeat illic intrare profundè, quoniam fi qui pręſumpſerint, non funt viſi 
reuerti. Attamen fatentur vicini ſub illis fe tenebris audiffe nonnunqua clamozes hominũ, hin- 
nitus,mugitus, rugitus, & boatus pecudum, & beſtiarum, fed & cantus gallorem, vt per hec & 
alia ſigna conſtet ibi habitare gentes: nam & fluuius decurrens monſtrat figna ſypè certiflima 
in ſuo exitu:ignoratur tamen f tenebræ per totum tertitorium ſint eiuſdem denfitatis, an forte 
fine in circuitu per aliquod ſpacium, & intrinſecus plus luminoſum. 

Dicuntur autem tenebre ifte olim per diuinum nuraculum adueniſſe. Saboere enim Impera- 
tore Perſatum, circa annum Gtatię duc enteſſimum quinquageſſimũ in perſecutione Chriſtia- 
notũ tendente cum pleno exercitu per liunc locum, & Chriſtianis tyrannidem eius fugientibus, 
contigit ex improuifo eos ita arctari, vt fe effugere deſperarent, quapropter ſtatim ad orationis 
refugium omnes fe ſtementes clamauerunt ad Chriftum auxiliatorem ſuum: Et deus, qui pro 
puro corde Chriftianos ad ſe orantes ſemper exaudit, expleuit illic literam vaticinij Iſaiæ: 
quia ecce tenebræ operient terri & caligo populos , monſtrans per tenebram terrenam, quam 
eis ſuperduxit, quas paſſuti eſſent inimici nominis Chrifti tenebras infernales, indicansque per 
temporalem vitam, quam fibi fidelibus conſeruauit, eam quam poffeffuri ſunt viri Chriſtiani 
vitam perpetuam, & ccœleſtem. N 

Iraq; hoc regnum Abchaz ad occidente m fui iungitur regno Turciæ, quod in longo & lato 
valdè extéfum multas cõtinet prouincias ſeilicet Iconię, Cappadocię Saure, Brike, Beſicon, Pa- 
tan, & Gennoch; hij omnes Turci, cum tota Syria & Atabia viq; ad Galliziam Hiſpanię, ſubſunt 
Imperatori ag i Soldano, & ſunt in fingulis prouinciis & 5 ciuitates magnę, ac 

vel Sathata. multę niinis. Conſequẽtèr huic regno Turcig ad Occidentem fui in ciuitate athaſa iungi- 
tur per mare Grecię ſuperior pars poteſtatis Imperatoris Conſtantinopolitani, & quafi ad A- 
quilonem contiguatur regno Syrig: cuius vna . ouincia eft terra promiſſionis, prout hoc ſatis 
dictum eft fupra. Sunt & alię terre, & Inſulę, & patrię latę, & ſpatioſę, continentes in fe multa 
regna, & reges, & gentes diuerſas, de quibus nunc per ſingula pertractare non eft confilij. 

Ad ſuptadictã Chaldga iungitur Meſopotamia, & minor Armenia, & velut ad Auſtrum eius 

Extenfiolm- Ethiopia, Mauritania, Lybia alta & bafla, & Nubia. Exc epto ergo duntaxat diſtrictu Imperij 


eae Perfig & poteſtate Soldani, omnes fepé pertractatę ee ener &Infuly deſcendendo 


tun per Aquilonem, qui ad Auftrum à prouincia Cathay, v/q; ad Chriſtianitatem ſunt de Im- 
Diſtantia 4 perio Tattariæ Grand Can. Et notandum de ſpacio diam, quod inſtitores de Roma, vel 
8 = Ca- Venetia feſtinantes tam perterras,quam per mare, expendunt de tempore 11 snenfes,& quan- 
Mile doque duodecim, priuſquam in Cathay valeant peruenire. 
Hijs itaq́; vifis defcribam ſaltem aliquas à prouincia Cathay in oriẽtem terras Imperij Tar- 
Cadilla Regio t rorum. Illic habetur regio Cadilla ſpacioſa multũ, ſimul & {peciofa:crefcunt namq́; in ea fru- 
Ser . étusad quantitatẽ magnorũ Cavwrardorũ, m quibus inuenitur vna beſtiola, in carne & 1 
Angli notri ad formamagnelli abſq́ lana, & manducatu: totus fructus cũ beftiola, Sunt & alij plures diuer- 
hancbeftio- fi fru us, quorũ penes nos non eft reſpectus nec vſus. Nam & ſunt ibi nonnullæ ſpeciales vites 
lam nupet vi- ferentes botros inc redibiliter magnos, quorum vnum vix virilis vir valet in hafta portare. 
st - Et deinde in meridiem per aliquas diztas,poteft perueniri ad primas Cafpiz alpes, que def- 
0 cendendo deſcendunt vſque ad Amazoniam, inſulam mulierũ, de qua tractatum' eſt. Inter has 
Alpes retinetur maxima multitudo Iudæorum decem tribuũ Iſrael, per Dei voluntatem ita in- 
cluſa, vt in copioſa numeroſitate non poſſint à noſtra parte exire, quamuis aliqui pauci non- 
Bacchari nunquam funt vifitranfiffe, Haberent autem competentem exitum circa infulam Amazonig, 
Regnum vel ſed illum diligenter regina obſeruat. 
Boghariæ. Poꝛ tò de regione Cadilla in orientem venitur ad regnum Backariæ, in qua mali & multum 
erudeles 


ui plu 
Zela 
poteſta 
catur P 
quam a 
nunciji 
abſque ö 
nans, di 
rium fe! 
milique 
cium hi 

Ergò] 
tionẽ Ir 
Perfie,n 
eft,quia 
tatus:& 


magne | 
haber i 
citatus ¢ 
paribu 

omin 
Donn 
nitati pe 
predixi, 

rones 
uotus fu 
byter lo 
quindec 
religio it 
riorẽ Inc 


.I. Mandeuil. 


Regno Turciæ. 

At Taurifa,Regnii Me- 
t, & ad occidentem fui 
„, & Keremen. 

uiſa in duo regna: Nam 
erior pars dicitur regnũ 
nes ita deuoti vt ad mi- 
n confectis, Et quidem 
) ipfo Imperatore Tar- 
wunitum eft aquis & iu- 


is eft territorij locus di- 
tur ſemper opertus te- 
smpferint, non ſunt vifi 
Jamozes hominũ, hin- 
gallorum, vt per hęc & 
t ſigna ſępè certiſſima 
dem denfitatis, an forte 


Saboere enim Impera- 
perſecutione Chriſtia- 
nidem eius fugientibus, 
pter ſtatim ad orationis 
ſuum: Et deus, qui pro 
literam vaticiniy Iſaiæ: 
ebram terrenam, quam 
rales, indicansque per 
ſſuri ſunt viri Chriſtiani 


, quod in longe & lato 
sure, Brike, Beſicon, Pa- 
iam Hiſpanię, ſubſunt 
bus ciuitates magnę, ac 
ciuitate athaſa iungi- 
olitani, & quaſi ad A- 
iſſionis, prout hoc ſatis 
continentes in fe multa 
e non eſt confilij. 

velut ad Auſtrum eius 
ntaxat diſtrictu Imperij 


ſtianitatem ſunt de Im- 
inſtitores de Roma, vel 
bre rr menſes, & quan- 


em terras Imperij Tat- 
refcunt namq́; in ea 
ola, in carne & ſanguine 
bunt & alij plures Suess 
honnull ſpeciales vites 
t in haſta portare. 
Caſpiæ alpes, quę deſ- 
actatum' eſt. Inter has 
Dei voluntatem ita in- 
muis aliqui pauci non- 
rca inſulam Amazonię, 


in qua mali & multum 
erudeles 


a &Infuly deſcendendo 


F. Mandeuil. 


crudeles habitant homines, nec eft ſecurum itinerare per illain, quòd ad modicam occafionem 

(ſi Deus non conferuaret) occiderent viatorem & manducarent. Illic ſunt arbores ferentes la- 
nam velut ouium, ex qua texunt pannos ad veſtimenta. Hyppocentauri ſunt ibi pro media Atbor Lani- 
fuperiori parte in forma humana, & pro inſeriori figura equorum, {cu taurorum, venantes in ter- * 

nis, de piſcantes in aquis quod comedunt, & ſuper omnia carnes hominũ, quos capere poſſunt. 

Nee non & gryphi illie apparent pro media poſteriori patte in forma dee er anteriori in Gryphones, 
forma aquilg. Sed ſeiatis, corpus magni gryphi maius eſſe octo leonibus de partibusittis, Nam de quibus 
poſtquã equum, bouem vel hominem, etiam aſinum occiderit, leust & aſportat pleno volatu: ~~ Vene- 
tanquã cornua bouis aut vaccę ſunt illi vngulæ, de quibus etiam fieri folent ciphiad bibendum, = 
qui plurimùm reputantur precioſi. Fiunt quog; de pennis alarum eius arcus rigidi, & fortes,ad 
inciendum miſſilia &ſagittas. Ad iſtius regni Baccarig extremitates in Orientem finitur terra 

oteltatis Grand Can: Et iungitur ei terra poteſtatis magni Imperatoris Indiz, qui ſemper vo- 
caturPresbyter Joannes. Notandum, quoties per prouincias totius Imperij Grand Can, quic- 
quam accidit, quod Imperatoré non oportet latete, confeſtim mittuntur per reges aut barones 
nunc ij in dromedarijs aut equis, qui celerrimè feſtinant ad certahofpitia, ad hoc ipſum, velut 
abſque numero per imperium inſtituta: Iſque nuncius hofpitio appropinquans, & cornureſo- 
nans, dum auditur paratur nuncius alter, qui de manu ſuſcipiens literas, per recentem dromeda- 
rium fettinat ad aliud hoſpitium, & fic in breui tempore perferuntur rumores ad curiæ aures. Si- 
milique modo nuncij —— permutantur de hoſpitio in hoſpitium, vt eitiùs pereipiatur nego- Ourſore * 
cium huius nuncij: appellantur {ua lingua Chidibo. Chidibo 

Ergò per pręmiſſa fatis elucet magnam effe nobilitatem, poteſtatem, reuerentiam, & domina- Tattaned 
tionẽ Imperatoris Tartarię Grand Can de Cathay, & quod nullus ab iſta parte Imperator, nec dicti. 
Perfie,nec Babylonię, nec Grecię, ſed nec Rome elt illi comparandus. Vndè & multũ miſerandũ ( haritas 
eft,quia ipſe cum toto Imperio nec eft fide Catholica illuſtratus, nec ſalutari lauachro regene- Mandeuilli, 
tatus: & hoc oremus vt in breui euenĩat, per leſum Chriſtum Dominum noſtrum. 

Explicit pars ſecunda huius operis. 
G Tertiapars, 
CaPvr. 41, Demagnificentia Imperatoris India c& preciaſſtute Palatij. 
Vm in præcedentibus Imperator Indiæ dictus fit . e de illius magni- 

ficentia aliquid poni hoc loco: cuius veiq; gloria, nobilitas, & poteſtas, dici non 
habetur minor, quàm diéti Imperatoris de Cathay:nam etſi in aliquibus videatur 
forfitan nunot, et tamen in aliquibus ſatis maior, quia omne ęquale né eft idem 
cum illo cui ęquatur: itaq; à finibus regni Bachariæ ſupradicti vbi contiguatur 
Imperio Indi, eundo per multas diętas intratur in regnum Pentoxytię quod eſt 1 
magne latitudinis, & abundantię in multis bonis: huius nominatior ciuitas, dicitur Nyſe, & in ea Cuitas N 
habet Imperator palatiũ Imperiale, in quo refidet dum fibi placet. Imperator iſte ſempet vo- 
citatus eft Presbyter Ioannes, cuius nominis caufam audieram quandoq; non veram: ſed iti illis 
pe accepi rationem indubitatã, quam breuiter hic enarro. Circa annũ ab incarnatione 

omini octingenteſſimũ, dux Ogerus de Danemarchia, cum quindecim cognationis {ug baro- 
nibus, & armatis viginti milibus tranſiuit mare Grecię, & fauente ſibi Deo conquifiuit Chriſtia- Nart atio de 
nitati per multa prelia penè omnes e & inſulas. quas eile de poteſtate Grad Can pte’, e 
Fanden non & omnes, quę ſunt de poteſ 2 


of the Englifh nation. 65 


yfe. 


ate Imperiy huius imperatoris Indię. Eratq́; inter Paniæ. 
rones vnus denominatus Ioannes filius Goudebucfirepis Friſonũtqui dictus loũnes Deo de- 
uotus fuit, & dũ licuit Eccleſiarũ limina iniuit, vnde & barones ei dabant quaſi per iocum Pręſ- 
byter loannes vocabulum. Dum ergo Ogerus dictas regiones expugnatas diuideret in hijs vnde presby- 
quindecim ſuis cognatis, & quemlibet eorũ in ſuo loco céftituere t regem, quatenus Chriftiana 10 loannes 
religio in illa orbis ſuperficie ſemper ſtabilis permaneret, tradidit iſti Pręsbytero Ioanni ſupe- 
riorẽ Indiam, cũ 4000. inſulis, regionibus, & ipſũ prefecit Imperatorẽ ſuper reliquos cognatos, 4000 Inſulæ. 
vt ei certa tributa impenderent,& in omnibus obedirent,atq; ex tune omnes fucceflores Indiæ 
ſunt vocati Pręsbyter Ioannes, & vſq́; in hodiernũ tem pus boni mãſerunt Chriſtiani, & religio- 
nis æmulatores. Interim cum caufa matrimoniorum aut procurationis filiorum diſperſa eſt 
primi Imperij integtitas, & multę de inſulis conuerſę vel potius peruerfe retroceſſerunt ad vetu- 
ftum ſqualorem paganiſini prinu. Nota. Recedens à Cambalu verfus orientem poit 50. die- 
tas ad terram Pręsbyteri Ioannis, principalis ciuitas terre vocatur Coſan, ſatis pazua ſicut Vin- Coſan ciuitas, 
centia: habet etiam ſub fe multas alias ciuitates. Ex pacto femper habet in vxorem vnam de 
filiabus Grand Can, 
Per multas peruenitur ad prouinciam Cafan,que eft ſecunda melior de mundo, vbi fubtilior 
eft,habet dietas 30. longior, o. & eft vna de duodecim partibus Imperij Grand Can. Oderi- 
: F 3 cus. 


Laſan. 


— — iy — 
66 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandenil. 


Latitudo Im- 
perij præsby - 
teri loannis 
eft . meſium 
iter. 
Duodecim 
reges prouin- 
ciales, 

Sule ſedes 
Imperialis, 


Magnificentia 
palatij presbi- 
tcriloannis, 


cus. Vide infra capitulo 49, de Caſſan, & de Epulone. Deinde venitur in Thebeth prouinci- 
am, qu Indi eſt confinis. Iraque Rex & Imperator iſte tenet {patiofiffimum Imperium ple- 
num valde multis Regionibus & Inſulis amplis, diuiſum inter quatuor Alumina magna de Pa- 
radiſo terreſtri deſcendentia, Pyſon, Gyon, Tygrim,& Euphratem, Nam vltta fines orientales 
eius Imperij, & terreftrem Paradiſum, nullus hominum habitat vel dominatur. n ; 

Preterea imperat multis alijs regionibus & Inſulis quz diftinguntur per brachia maris Qce.- 
ani, de in quibus fingulis continetur grandis numerofitas ciuitatum ac villarum,& multitudo in- 
numera populorum prę abundantia & præcioſitate omnium terrenorum bonorum, 

Imperium Indie habetur famoſum per vniuerſum orbem. Sed & famofius habetetur fi mer. 
catores mundi communiter poſſint & auderent adire ſicut Cathay. Noſtratibus enim perrarus 
eſt illic ace ſſus, tam præ longinquitate, quam pra marinis periculis. Nam exceptis alijs ſunt 
ibi quamplares Adamantini colles, ad oram maris, & intra mare, qui ſua virtute attrahunt fibi 
naues ſetram continentes. Quoniam & mihi nauiganti mõſtrabatur per nautas à remotis qua- 
fi parita ia Inſula in mari, quam aſſerebant totalitèr ab antiquis temporibus paulatim ibi cumu- 
latam de nauibus per Adamantes retentis. 

Eſtimatur autem latitudo huius Imperij per dietas quatuor menſium, fed longitudini non 
datur eſtimatio, eo quòd tenditur vſque Paradiſum vbi nullus accedit, 

Diſtinctum eft Imperium per duodecim prouincias , quibus totidem prefunt reges princi- 
pales feu prouinciales, & quorum ſinguli ha nt ſub fe Reges, Duces. Marchiones. & Barones, 
proftantes atque reddentes presbytero Ioanni promptam obedientiam, & ceria uibuta. S¢pius 
& cõmuniter tenet ſedem Imperator in palatio vrbis Imperialis Suſe. Hoc autem Palatium 
tale & tantum eſt, vt per me non credatur debite eſtimandum. Iſtud tamen dico audentèr in 
fumma,quod grandius, nobilius, precioſius, & placidius eſt, in auro, gemmis, ſtructuris, & ſche- 
mate fupra deſeripto palatio Grand Can in Caydo. 

Et ex ſpeciali ſciatis, iſtius palatij principales portas eſſe de Sardonico, vndiq́; in ebore cir- 
cumcluſo: ſed & tranſuerſæ lineæ ſunt omnes Eburnez,awarum & cubiculorum feneſtræ chri- 
ſtallinæ. Menfarum quædam Smaragdine,alique Hęmatiſtinæ, eæterorumq; lapidum precio- 
forum per aurumn fidimet coniunctorum. Et nonnullæ in toto aurez vel gemmunculis diſſemi- 
natæ, ec vnaquæq̃ue de menſis cum ſtabilimento proprij generis, De throni quoque precioſi- 
tate, quia mea demonſtrationis excellit modũ, ſolummodo dico, e aſcenſionis gradus 
effe fingulorum lapidum precioforum: Primum onychis, ſecundum chriftalli, tertium iaſpidis, 
quartum hęmatiſti, quintum ſardij, ſextum cornelij. Et ſeptimus qui eft ſub ſedentis Impera- 
toris pedibus,ipfe elt. chryſolitus, omnes circumfuſi, & ine luſotia arte ſormati, auto ſplẽdido re- 
lucenies, Sed & ambo throni reclinatoria ex {maragdis auro eee diftinéto nobi- 
liffimis granis, & genimis : cuncti pi. rij in camera . dormitoria cõſiſſunt de auro fuluo, 
diſſeminati baccis, & quampluribus cubunculoruin rubetis, totum de nocte habitaculum il- 
luſtrantibus. 

Et nihilominus in ea chriftallina lampas plena balſamo piſtico fed ardens & lucens, tam pro 
* lumine,quam pro corrigendo aete, tamen etiam pro miniſtrando optimo odore. 

orma leéti Imperatoris compacta eft de puris & nobiliffimis Saphyris,conclufi vtiqͥ: aureis 
vel eburneis ligaturis, vt virtute Frida capiat ſuauem ſomnũ, motuſq́; carnis inhonefti ſtimuli. 
in eo refrenentur, Nunqua enim iungitur mulieri niſi foli coniugi propria, fed nec illi niſi qua- 
tuor quindenis anni videlicet in capite hyemis, veris, ęſtatis, & autumni cauſa ſobolis generadg, 

Vrq; breuitèr tranſeam de multa huius palatij nobilitate, mirabile hoc folummodo pręmſſis 
ſuper addo. Quia circa medium illius in ſummo apice turris maioris, duo ſunt nodi fev pomella 
de decodtiffimi auti metallo mir magnitudinis, & fereng reſplendentiæ, & in ipſis ſotmati duo 
carbunculli grandes, & lati, ſua vittute tenebras effugantes, & velut ſplendotem plenilunij no- 
cturno tempore mentientes. 

Carver 4% 
‘De frequentia palati/ c comitatu Imperatoris, 
Siu & preftd ſunt iugiter Domino Imperatori ſeptem reges, qui in capite fingulorum 
nenſiũ, alijs ſeptem 8 illis palatiũ ingredientibus recedunt ad propria, donec te- 
uoluatut eis tempus ſtatutum. Hij curam habent de pubernatione adininiftration(i in aula ma- 
iori per ſubiectos eis 22. duces, & 300. & 63. comites feu barones, quorum voulquilque opti 
mé nouit & diligentèt intet dit proprio minifterio, 

Nam ifti ſunt Imperatoris Cubicular if Cameratij, iſti ſe indunt Regi morfellos:alij de ap- 
ponendis curam gerunt ferculis & deponendis, deafferendis, de aſportandis, alij pincernæ, Ar- 
chimandritæ, oſtiatij, & fic de ſingulis. 

Nec 


Er, 
vila a 
litudi 
ces ac 
men; 
ri, aut 
pd cit 

Ite 
quaſi 
mand 
re no 

Hi 
cium 
ſum p 
nullu: 
ricule 

In 
bus e 
ad So’ 
ta, at 
ſtulis 
fructi 

In 
præte 

He 
vti vie 
munt. 


SL, Mandenil. 


ur in Thebeth prouinci- 
iffimum Imperium ple- 
t flumina magna de Pa- 
am vltta fines orientales 
minatur. 
per brachia maris Oce. 
illarum, & multitudo in- 
m bonorum. 
nofius haberetur fi mer- 
oſtratibus enim perrarus 
Nam exceptis alijs ſunt 
ſua virtute attrahunt fibi 
r nautas à remotis qua- 
bus paulatim ibi cumu- 


um, fed longitudini non 


m prefunt reges princi- 
Marchiones,& Barones, 
„& certa tribura. Sepius 
. Hoc autem Palatium 
tamen dico audenter in 
nmis, ſtructuris, & ſche- 


co, vndiq́; in ebore cir- 
iculorum feneſtræ chri- 
orumg; lapidum precio- 
1 gemmunculis diſſemi- 
throni quoque precioſi- 
zulos aſcenſionis gradus 
wriftalli, tertium iafpidis, 
eſt ſub ſedentis Impera- 
ormati, auto ſplẽdido re- 
1. diſtincto nobi- 
cõſiſſunt de auro fuluo, 
e nocte habitaculum il- 


dens & lucens, tam pro 
ndo optimo odore. 

tis, conc luſi vtiq; aureis 
carnis inhoneſti ſtimuli, 
riz, fed nec illi niſi qua- 
cauſa fobolis generadg, 
oc folummodo premffis 
10 ſunt nodi fev pomella 
r, & in ipſis formati duo 
endorem plenilunij no- 


jui in capite ſingulorum 
it ad propria, donec te- 
iniſtrationũ in aula ma- 
orum vnuſquiſque opti 


egi morfellos:alij de ap- 
tandis, alij pncernæ, At- 


Nec 


S. I. Maandeuil. ofthe Engliſh nation. 67 


— — — - 

Nec non abſque iam dictis, manducant omni die in aula coram Im , duodecim Ar · 
chiepifcopi,2 20. Epifcopi,quibus etiam alij totidem certis temporibus fuccedunt per vices, 
Vecrumeamen ad om e expenfas vſque premiffas,veniunt de Curia 300, milha perfona- 
nun, ſed non amplids: fed ficut prædixi de Curia præcedentis Imperatoris fic nullus hie, cue 


iuſcũq; ſit ſtatus, aut ſexus, comedit vitra femel in die, & hoc ipfum ſobriè ſatis: quoniam prout Taxat guiofi- 
æſtimare poſſum, expenſæ duodecim hominum de noftris communitér compenſarent triginta tatem Euro 


hominum in partibus illis, 

Dum Ioannem Presbyterum contingit procedere cum exercitu in plena exhibitione, non 
deferuntur vexilla, ſed tredecim cruces magne altitudinis, & groſſitudinis, de auro diſtincto 
pretiofifsimis petris,in honorem Chrilti & ſuorum * ener: duodecim. Hæ ve ctantur in 
tingulis curribus, & fingularum ad hoe maximis curribus cum cuftodia cuiufcunque crucis, de- 
cem mille equitum, & centum mille peditum, nec tamen hic numerus auget vel minuit ptin- 
cipalem exercitum Paganorum. f a 

Tempore pacis per terras proptias de palatio ad palatium , aut de regno ad repnum , dum 
tendere ci placet,comitatur vtique magna multitudine hominum antè & retro, & ex veroque 
laterum. a . 

Tuncque portantur coràm eo tria valdé notabilia, quæ tam illi quàm omnibus ea digné no- 
tantibus eſſe poſſunt ſalutaria. Præcedit enim eum in {patio circiter octodecim paſſuum diſcus 
onuſtus velut omni genere pretioforum vaforum auri & argenti, gemmarum, & inæſtimabilis 
artificij. Ihimque diſcum fubfequitur propinquitls Imperatori ad {patium centum pafluum, a- 
lia crux lignea nullo penitds auro,nulloue colore aut precioſitate artificialis operis adornata. 

Dehine ad fex paſſuum fuccedit ibidem propinquans Imperator diſcus aureus terra niger- 
rima plenus. Sunt enim pradicti comitatus in cultodiam & !onorem perfong Imperatoris diſ- 
cus vaſorum in oſtenſionem diuitiarum, & maieſtatis Imperialis. Crux in recordatione paſsio- 
nis & mortis, quam in eruce ligni ſimplice Chriſtus paſſus eft pro nobis. Et terra nigra in me- 
moriam dire mortis, qua caro ipfius Imperatoris, qua terra eſt in terrain ibit corruptionis. 


CAP T 43. 
De quibuſclam muris per regiones India, 


Icet plurima mira habeantur in terra Imperij Presbyteri Ioannis, ne matei ia operis nimi- 
Lin proteletur, multa tego ſilentio: & ſoſùm de quibuſdam in Po Inſulis narro. 
Ergò inprimis dico vidift me magnum mare arenofum , quod de 


litudinem maris gh vnquam quiefcit : & quéd ipſe non ceffo ſtupere, inueniuntur piſ- 


ces ad littus proiectiqui cum fine alterius forma & ſpeciei, quam de noftro mari,videntur ta- In orientali 
men guſtui in edendo delicatiores. Nullo tamen humano ingenio videtur hoc mare tranfuada- India vique 


ni aut nauigari, aut illo piſcari, ſed nec propter fui longitudinem,& plura impedimenta de pro- — — — 
iuerfarij, 


p circuiri, 1 ‘nate : ‘ arenis oftia 
Item ab hoc latere maris per tres dietas habentur magnæ montium alpes, inter quas venit guminum ful 


quaſi oriens de Paradifo fluuius decurrentibus pettis, nihil penitus habens aquę, in quibus æſti- ſocant. 


mand ſunt pluurimum magnarum eſſe virtutum, quamuis de fingulis humang ſcientiæ conſta- 
re non — N 

Hic petran im fluuius currit ad interciſum tempus, quafi in tribus ſeptimanę diebus, per ſpa- 
tium deferei Indie plurium dietarum, velut fluuius, quouſque tandem fe perdat in mare areno- 
ſum prædictum, atque ex tunc ipſi lapides penitùs non comparent, Tempore autem fui curfus 
nullus appropinquare præſumit, præ ſtrepitu eius & motu: ſed tempore quietis aditur fine pe- 
riculo vitæ. 

In Orientem verſus fluuij originem ad ingteſſum deferti magni inter quoſdam de monti- 
bus,cernitur grandis terra planic ies tanq iam ſpatioſi campi totalitér arenoſi, in quo videntur 
ad Solis ortum exurgere de arena, & {ecundim efeuationem Solis excteſcere quædam virgul- 
ta atque in ferme metichei producere fructum. Ac de illo in Solis decliuo fructus cum arbu- 
ſtulis paulation mi in eccalu penitùs deperire, vnde & nullus hominum audet illorum vei 
fructions ne fit quid fantafticum & noc iuum. 

In huius deferti intersoribus widi homines in toto ſylueſtres, qui etf in fuperioribus formam 
pratendere videantur humanam,defcendune in fubterioribus ad formam bettie alicuius. 

Horum quidam frontes get unt cornibus afperatas,griniences vt ſetæ vel apri: aby nonnulla 
vei videntur loquela , quam nemo rationalium nouit, & quibufdam fignis zoncepta depro- 
munt. Et eft illic pluralitas fylueftrium <anum, qui dicuntur papiones, quibus poitquam ede- 

miti, 


foltim minuta arena fine Magnum ma. 
vila aqua cum lapillorum granellis cutrit, & fluit per altas eleuationes, & deprefsiones ad fimi- re arenoſum. 


Papagaili. 


Melefcorde 
Regio, 


The voyages and diſcoueries S.J. Adandeuil. 


miti, de ad venandum initruæti tuerint, valent capi multæ beſtiæ per deſertum. Ell & copioſitas 
papinggomum auium viridium in colore quas appellant phicake,8¢quarum diuerfa ſunt genera, 
able habent latas in roſtro linguas, & in vtroque pede digitos duos, Et quꝛ. dam ex iſtis 
naturaliter loquuntut verba aut ptouerbi, ſeu ſalutationes, in pati idiomate, vt euidenter fa- 
lures concedant, & reddant viatoribus, & nonnunquam debitum iter etrastibus per deſertum 
oſtendant. Minds autem nobiles non loquuntur ex natura, fed ſj latas hahent linguas, & non 
ſunt vlita dugrum annorum ætatis, poſſunt per aisiduitatem inſtrui ad loquelam. 

Alix nec loquuntur, nec erudiuntur, ſed ſolùm clamitant pro voce milui, & niſi tres digitos 
habent in pede. 

Nota: in quarta orientali Deus dedit fratribus minoribus magnam gratiam, vnde in magna 
Tartaria ita expellunt ab obſeſſis dæmones, ſieut de domo canes: vnde quandoque per decem 
dietas ad eos adducuntur dæmoniaci alligati,& ſtatim fratribus præcipientibus in nomine Iefu 
Chrifti, excunt, & liberati baptizantur, & comburunt idola, & shores credunt, & quandeque 
exeunt idola de igne, & fratres proijciuat aquam benedi¢tam , & clamat demon, Vide, de 
meo habitaculo expellor propter fratres nunores. Ita multi credunt, & baptizantur, Oderi- 
cus. 

Item nota: dum recederem de terra Præsbyteri Ioannis verſus occidentem, applicui ad con- 
tratam vnam, que dicitut Meleſcorde, quę pulchra eft, & multùm fertilis: inter montes duos 


“Velregionis. huius “contrate fecerat quidam murum circundantem mõtem, & in eo fontes nobilifsimos,& 


Miſchorach. 


omne delectabile. Et hunc locum dicebant patadiſum, ſicut hic ferè continetur. Ideò Odericus, 
qui poftea parrat de valle infaulta in hoc fe terminat, 

Ad fupradictum India regnum Pentexoriæ fatis prope, & lata eft & longa Infula, Miſcho- 
rach,bonis copiofé referta, qe qua vnum fcribo præteritum mitum. 

Ante paucos hos annos, villanus ditiſsimus, ſibi valdè precioſum conftruxerat palauum, 
quaſi pro Patadiſo terreftri,circundacuin, munitum fortalitijs, ac repletum omnibus corpora- 
libus delicijs. 

Illic are turtes, cameræ, cubicula, cum alijs ædificijs, in multo numero, & gloria permagni- 
fica, ac hiſtoriarum picturis, inter quas, nonnunquam prodiꝑioſo artificio beltia & beftiola a- 
ues & auiculæ difcurrebant,volitabant,& per pugnas, garritus, colluſiones, mẽ tiebantur viuere. 

Illic prata, & pometa, & feruatoria circa deliciofi collis congeſtum, diſtincta velut omni ge- 


Ditiſaimĩ vil. nere florum, arborum, & herbarum, cum multis fontibus & riuulis , quorum perſpicuitas, & 
Jani paradifus fluxus in glaris ſuauem & auditui præſtabant refectionem, & ſuper aliquos fuerunt exceptio- 


ſictiuus. 


Mandeuillus 


risactificyy, circumftructi auro, & argento,& gemmis, & tres principales fontes emittentes ad 
palatium Domini per occultas conductas,riuulos vini, lactis, & mellis. 

Copioſus quoque numerus formoſorum puerorum, & puellarum, ætatis inter decem & ſex 
decem annos, indutorum torquibus,& cycladibus exauratis, exercentium inter iocos cantus & 
ſpectacula, ac ſeruientium ſuo Domino prope nutum. Audiebantur ex turtium coſtodibus, nec 

non videbantut dulciſonæ ſymphoniæ, gene tum diuerſotum, vt certiſsimè putares, non homi- 
num, ſed Angelotum: & in iſtis, ac ſimilibus, delic ie batuir iſte villanus. 

Sed & aurum liuido nil iuuat, imò noc et: quia enim hic inuidia & otij facibus ſuper ingenu- 
itatem mentis omnium generaliter nobilium principum verebatur in corde: (ingenuitas enim, 
& cuſticitas nunquam cohabitit in cordis vno domicilio) Compofuerat iſia ſibi in hunc finem, 
vt per fe ſingulos aduocaret aliquos vaſallos corpore robuftosymentéq; audac es, atq; ad omnẽ 
ptotetuiam bene procliues: & cuilibet pro placitis muneribus commiſit vt illum feu illum prin- 
cipem feu Baronem,quem dicebat ſibi aduerſariũ, clam per infidias vel impetũ occidetet, pro- 
mittens quenquam poſt factum ad fe recepturum perpetuò in hune locum : fed & velut vatici- 
nans pſcudoptędicauit ſi quem illorum pro his flagitijs contigeret corporaliter tradi morti, ni- 
hilominds animam eius in hune amœnum Peradifum recipi, & viuere in æteinum. 

Per func igitur modum nonnullis nobilibus occifis , & interfectis, tandem nudabatur eius 


eculatus teltis MEQuitia tanta, & congregati regionis Barones miferum occiderunt, eius opera deſtruentes. Ip- 


fe ego inibi ductus, vidi fontium loca, & multa rei veſtigia. 


Carrer 44. 
De loco c diſpoſtione : M infaufte. 


Vius ad inſulæ extremitates non procul 4fluuio Pyſon, habetur locus mirabilis parites 

& cerribilis,vitra omne mundanũ, pene & procul:de euentibus, ac laboribus infinitis, qua 

mihi neeifque in tempore itinerationis acciderunt hucuſque ſubticui, cn iam vnum de maio- 
ribus ecce narto. 

Et 


KI. 


Eſt 
or mil 
ſa: int 
clamo 
ſpititu 
Pre 
mum 
itu hut 
oculo: 
tumqu 
uerſis 
magn 
In 
foie 
olimn 
collig 
uaritia 
oſa & 
ginib 
rum h. 
fuper « 
ritadt 
Sic 
tu ſalu 
di por 
curus 


delis i 
tur, ta 
ibi vid 

Ink 


mihi i. 


ri mul. 
gremi 
. Sari 
valled 

Od 
Anno 
tam ft; 
prout« 


2 
onun 
acutac 


bant. E 
qui vid 


I. Mandeuil. 


tum, Ell & copioſitas 
m diuerfa {unt genera, 
s. Et qui. dam ex iſtis 
mate, vt euidenter fa- 
fantibus per deſertum 
pbenclinguas , & non 
quelam. 

lui, & niſi tres digitos 


ratiam, vnde in magna 
juandoque per decem 
ntibus in nomine leſu 
dunt, & quandeque 
mat demon, Vide,de 
t baptizantur, Oderi- 


tem, applicui ad con- 
is: inter montes duos 
fontes nobilifsimos,& 
inetur. Ideò Odericus, 


onga Inſula, Miſcho- 


pnftruxerat palauum, 
um omnibus corpota- 


o, & gloria permagni- 
o beſtiæ & beſtiola a- 
s, mẽtiebantur viuere. 
ſtincta velut omni ge- 
uorum perſpicuitas, & 
uos fuerunt exceptio- 
s fontes emittentes ad 


atis inter decem & ſex 
n inter iocos cantus & 
rium coſtodibus, nec 
ne putares, non homi- 


facibus ſuper ingenu- 
de: (ingenuitas enim, 
ifia ſibi in hunc finem, 
audac es, atq; ad omné 
t illum feu illum prin- 
mpetũ occidetet, pro- 
m: fed & velut vatici- 
sraliter tradi morti, ni- 
æternum. 
ndem nudabatur eius 
opera deſtruentes. Ip- 


locus mirabilis parites 
aboribus infinitis, que 
n iam ynumde maio- 


Et 


S.1,Mandeuil. of the Englith nation. 


Eft illic in alpibus vallis infaufta,quatuor fermé leucarum : longitudo vallis, quaſi ad quatu- 
or milliaria Lombardica,appellata vallis incantationis,feu periculofa, feu proprits demonio- 
ſa: intra quam diebus ac noctibus reſonant boatus & tumultus tonitruotum, tempeſtatum, 
clamotum, & ſtridorum, diuerſique generis ſonituum terribilium, quos illic exercet multitudo 
ſpitituum malignorum. 

Propé ad vallis medium ſub vna Ma a omni tempore vifibiliter integrũ ac maxi- 
mum caput dæmonis vſque ad humeros tantum,cuius ſpeciem pre horrore nullus pleno intu- 
itu humanus audet diu oculus ſuſtinere: nam refpicientes contra afpicit truculentér,agitans 
oculos minacitér,tanquam ex palpebris ciecturus (qua & ſeintillant) flammas in altum. To- 
wimque caput fefe rotat ad minas, & variat tetribilitèr modum & continentiam ſub repente di- 
uerfis maneriebus. Exitque de illo per totum ignis obſcuratus fumo, & fœtor tantus, quod per 
magnum ſpatium viz peſſimam vallem infectat. 

Ingredi autem volentibus, apparet ſemper ad introitum vallis, magna copia auri, argenti, va- 
ſorum, veſtium, & rerum pretioſarum, quas proculdubio ibi demones conſingunt, — & ab 
olim multi inſipientium hominum concupicentia tracti intrarunt, & vſque nunc intrant pro 
colligendo theſauro: fed de Infidelihus pauciffimi reuettuntut, mò nec de Chriſtianis, qui a- 
uaritiæ cauſa ingrediuntur: per vallis autem ſemitam, quæ inter montes & monticulos, tortu- 
ofa & aſpera eft, gradientes vident, & audiunt, dæmoniacos ſpiritus multos volutantes, & ima- 
ginibus corporum viſibilium, ſerpentum, volucrum, vlularum, lamiarum, & huiuſmodi ſpecie- 
ruin horribilium dentibus minitantes, vngulas erigentes, incognitos fibilos ſpirantes propè 
fuper capita ad aures tranſgredientium. Sempërque minuitur lumen aeris, donee ventum fue- 
rit ad terribilifsimum locum capitis antedicti. 

Si quis autem fincerg fidei Chriftianus per contritionẽ vera & conſeſsiont᷑ ſe poſuetit in ſta- 
tu ſaluationis, munitus corporis Chrifti myſterijs, ac ſigno crucis, cum intentione ibidem agen- 
di peenitentiam de admiſsis, & cauendi de admittendis, putatur poſſe hanc tranfire vallem ſe- 
curus quidem à morte, non tamen liber a laboribus, horroribus, & tormentis, & exire, de omui- 
Ms culpis prætetitis corruptis,ac de futuris magis folito cautus,ficut ſcriptum eft,territi purga~ 

untur. 

Nota aliud mirabile magnum. Vidi cm item per vnam vallem poſitam iuxta flumen quod 
ee de paradiſo, vidi in ea multa corpora mortuorum, in qua etiam audiui multa genera 

uficorum, qui ibi mirabilitèr pulſabant: tantus erat ibi tinnitus Muſic orum, quòd incuſsit 
mihi timorem horribilem, 

Eft autem longitudo illius vallis quaſi ad quatuor milliaa Lombardica,in qua fi vnus Infi- 
delis inttat, nunquam egreditur, fed fine mora motitur: Et licet ſciui, quòd intrantes motiun- 
tur, tamen acceptaui intrare, vt viderem quid ibi effet. Dum intraſſem tot humana cadauera 
ibi vidi, quod nifi quis videret, credere non poſſet. 

In hac valle, ab vno eius latere vidi faciem hominis valdè hotribilem, qui tantum horrorem 
mihi incuſsit, quòd putaui me ſpiritum exhalare,propter quod ſæpè repetij verbum vitæ, ſcili- 
cet, vetbum Caro factum eft, 

Ad illam faciem non audebam accedere, niſi ad diſtantiam octo paſſuum: pofted iui ad ca- 
put vallis, & aſcendi ſupet montem arenoſum, in quo tp circumſpiciens, nihil videbam, 
niſi inſtrumeuta muſicalia, quæ audiebam fortiter pulſare. Cùm ſuiſſem in capite montis,repe- 
n multura argentum congregatum ibi in ſunilitudinem ſquammarum piſcium, vnde poſui in 
gremio, ſed quod de ipfo non cutabam, dimiſi illud, & fic illæſus tranſiui Deo concedente. 

Sarraceni cùm hoc {cirent,reuerebantur me eſſe baptizatum, & fangtum: mortuos nunc in 
valle dicebant, homines infernales. 

Odericus ad literam hie terminat ſuum librum: non fuit tot perpeſſus in valle, ñicut ego. 
Anno Domini 133 f. Ianuarij nono, migrauit ad Chriſtum, in conuentu Minorum: cuius vi- 
tam ſtatim in fine, & vſque nunc claris miraculis diuina prouidentia approbat, & commendat, 
prout continebatur in quaterne à quo concordantias hic ſuperſemmaui. 


Carvr 45. 
De periculo & tur mentis in valle eadem, 


fae dico vobis,cilm ego cum fodalibus qui fimul eramus, quatuordec im diuerſarum nati- 
onum ante ingreffum huius tanti periculi perueniſſemus, nos tractatu longo, & deliberatione 
acuta confiliabamur, vttumnam ingredi deberemus, & quidam affirinabant, alii verò nega- 
bant.Erit autem in numero duo deuoti fratres,de r beati Franciſci, natione Lombardi, 


qui videbancur pro ſeipſis non multum curare ingteſſimm, niſi quia noluerunt nos animare ad 
ingreflum, 


ingreflum,dicentes,fi qui 
tæmunirent, iugrederentur cum 

i fratres penes fe gerebant peracto 
Sed ecce quinque de nobis, duo 


quiſque fibi potuerit 
rum auri & argenti, & precioforum c 
horum tetigi, reputans id falla 


tam. 


Proc edentibus igitur nobis lux cali minuebatur paulatim & augebatur horror, quoniam 
propè nos vndique etiam fub pedibus noſtris apparebant iacere cadauera mortuorum homi- 
num penitus defuncta: alia adhuc ſpirantia, & nonnulla ſemiuiua, ſuper que dum nos aliquan- 
do calcate contingeret,conquerebantur,ac 

Et lic et non certum id h 


diſcerpere, deglutire. 


Quapropter pro breui interdum ſoluto filentio nos inuicém hottabamur, ne quis pro puſil- 
lanimitate terrori cedetet, & tanto defic eret in agone. Hoc igitur modo per ſecundam leucam 
expirante nobis vſque ad tenebras lumine, quouſque quis vix vmbram proximi agnoſcere poſ - 
fit, præter prædicta in aere tormenta, uicurrebant nobis ad tibias, & pedes pluralitas 
vrſorum, & caprarum grinnientium, & impellentium nos ad lapſum, quod v 
quamum, aut ſextum paſſum ſolatenus c 
bamur in faciem, aut ſupini. 

Ac ſuperuenere preter hoc ventorum turbines, fulgurum coruſcationes, tonitruorum boa- 
tus, grandinum caſus & exundatio pluuiarum, quantas & quales nunquam accepimus in hoe 
mundo, quibus iactabamur, ruebamus, quaſſabamur, & periclitati fuimus extra natrandum. 

Interdum quoque fenfimus tanquam praues baculorum ictus, per humeros, dorfa,latera, 8 
adrenes, alij quidem grauiores, alij vt puta ſecundum demeritum vniufcuiufque . Et certè 
dum per tanta torméta, quaſi exhaultis totis viribus, 
tum,accidit repente, ſub vnico inſtanti temporis, quibu 
omnes paritér collifi,& proſtrati iaceremus in extaſi per vnain vel duas forfitan horas. 

Et ifto defectu vidit quilibet ſuo modo ſpiritualem viſionem fupermirabilem, & exceden- 
tem omne dictum, & ſcriptum. 

Ego verd de vifione mea nihil auſus ſum (cribere, vel loqui, quia & fratres finguli inhibue- 
runt,nifi de his, quæ corporalitèr intuebamur,& pafsi ſumus. 
guli ſuſtinuimus ictum per corporis loca diuerſa, vnus in fac ie, alius in pec- 

tore, ad coſtas, in dorſo, vel ad humerum, & manfit cuique fignum percuflure nigerrimum, ad 
formam virilis manus humana: 
Mirabilisi@us tum autem meum in colli ceruice tali sc tanta pafsione, vt putabam caput abſciſſum de 
corpore auolare:& hinc ad octodecimũ annum manſit mihi in prima magnitudine ſignum: ſed 
& vſque nunc variato colore locus ille demonftrat plenifsmimé cicatricem, donec cum cada- 
uere tota mutabitur in ſepulchro: porrdvbi nos ab extaſi in his tenebris feparauimus finguli 
per diuinam grat am refpirando,loquendo, palpando, erigeudo nos ipſos mutua humanitate, 
vt 9 72 cohortabamur, cum fubitd nobis apparuit ſub tenebroſo lumine, 
igine, locus ille ſpatioſus mediæ vallis, continens antedictum horribile 
»Plenus fertore inæſlimabili, & iugi occupatus exercitatione innumerorum ſpi- 


corum 
um, vel 


Grauiſsimum ſin 


vel potitls ſumoſa e 
caput dæmonis 
rituum malignorum, 


Hunc ergo locum ineptũ cum vitare vellemus, in toto nequiuimus extremitatem eius 
cunque girantes,nullus noftrorum perſecto aſpectu audebat reſpic ere que gerebantur ib 


The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Maandeuil. 
Euchariftiz ſuſce ptionem ſe ibidem 
mediaute debita prouiſione, quam ip. 
artuimus mente s noilras cum pedibus ad intrandum. 

i & tes Hifpani, ſemetipſos ab alijs fegregantes, vifi 
ſunt alium requirere introitum nos precedere cupientes, & certe nos illos exinde non vidimus, 
& quid cis accident an periculun ſubierint, vel ne ignoramus. 

Nos autem nouem per vallem proceffimus in ſilentio, & cum cordis ea deuotione , quam 
te: & ecce in breui tranſacto {patio apparuerunt cumuli mafla- 
opis vaſorum. Sed dico vobis pro parte mea, quia nihil 
confinxifle ad mittendum concupiicentiam 
in cor noftrum , imo fine incermifsione conabar cot meum cuſtodire ad deuotionem incep- 


— — „ 


rofé ſubmurmurabant. 

bam eſtimaui hoc fieri in parte vel in toto fidtione demonum, 
repytans in breui tempore tantam multitudinem hominum fpontaneé vallem intraſſe, & fia 
longo tempore in ea perijffent putrefactos fuille, ; 

i 6 in initio noſtri proceflus quaſi propé leucam inuenitur iter ſub pedibus ſatis promp- 
4 lumine tanquam ad medium nobis ſuffic ente, via torquebatur nimis, & aſperabatur: 
& ecce figure demonum,circum & ſuprũ in acre fe ferentium , ad imagines horribilium lupo- 
rum,leonum,laruarum,megerarum,iuxta cuiuſcunque genus, viulantium,rugentium,{tridenti- 
um, gannientium, hiantes ore,intentantes dentibus, rolſtis, ac vnguibus, nos terrere, mordere, 


bamu in palmas, ſeu genua, vel proſteme - 


ropè medium locum vallis erat ven 
dam noſtrim expalmatio ita dura, vt 


8 


S. I. Maud 0 


. ropolkum confeltis 
, Tranſiumus, Dei 
mento : rurfimque 
ventorum, coniſe atio 
bamut in fac ies, & in 
titudine — 
hanc vallem e 
Polt verò poor ad 
in vno tranquilliori Id 
mus immenias,& pra 
Nibilominus tame 
fue 9 ſumul, & 
to certo ergo hab 
tiam verborum, cum 
non attendebam, tun 
mendabam. 
Pet quartam aute 
dibus hominum cada 
Nunc itaque obfec 
quid erga me agebat i 
cum ex mentis intimo 
etipuit me indignum, 
commiſsis, & commit! 
am etſi ex tune propo! 
Ieſum Chriſtum Dom 
Ad hoc, addo brewit 
ned ingrederetur hanc 
proximas habitatione: 
is, & ad medendum vu 
ret deliberationem fur 


7 


T mods proceda 

gantium, ad ftacu 
nonnullos, fed extra te 
vltrà: hi operiuntur ne 
animalium catnes cud 
nes humauas. 

— curaui 
uigantibus, nauẽſque li 
minibus fibi —4 

Verius Auſitum hin 
dam mulieribus naicit 

Et vitra hane inſular 
defer ibo. 

Dum deſponſauerit 
dum, qui ſua idonea cla 
referet & veſtiget fubt 
ti. Et fi poſtera nocte a 
tere ad mortis judiciun 
reſponſiun, pro certis t 
quibus noc ebantur prn 

Idedq; & viti, qui pr 


eft, ſtulto: defperatos. 


deuil, 
e ibidein 
quam i 

dum. * 
ntes, viſi 
vidimus, 


e, 

li mafla- 
ia nihll 

centiam 

n incep- 


quoniam 
m homi- 
aliquan- 


monum, 
e, & 


promp- 
tabatur: 
un lupo- 
tridenti- 
nordere, 


dura, vt 
eden- 
ibue- 


in pec- 
— 


um de 
dum: ſed 
cada- 
finguli 
anitate, 
lumine, 
otribile 
ſpi- 


quo- 
bidem, 
quis 


ptopoſuum confeſtim à dzmoni 


ia inuadens tremor llatuebat horripilacionem, extrahebas ſudotem, & pudorem omnes ex- 
— videbantur. Nec tamen pm eſſe coniilium de teuertendo, ne propter immutatum 
ſtran mur. 

Tranſiumus, Dei gratia nobis opitulante, fed non fine maximo horroris, foetorifque tor- 
mento : rurſümque ex tunc procedentes nos apprehendebat tenebtoſa, validaque tempeftas, 
ventorum,coru{cationum,tonitruum,grandinum,& pluuiarum, cuius quaflatione collabeba- 
banuur in facies, & in dotſo dextrorfum,& finiitrorum, interuoluente ad tibias, ſic ut prius mule 
titudine grinnienſium beſtiarum, nec dubito ſetibere quoque amplius, quam 300. vicibus per 
hanc vallem quifque noftrumn fternebatur ad terram. 

Pott verd exactam tertiam leue am, cœpit nobis augeri lux aeris,ex quo animofiores effecti, 
in vno tranquilliori loco nos aol 0 antes,gratias Deo palmis extenfis in czlum,reddidi- 
mus immenias,& pracipud quod nullus deeſſet de nouenatio numero fociorum, 

Nibilominas tamen ſpiritus in aere nobis minari non ceſſabant, prgterdentes in deriſionem 
ſus pudenda (mul, & forda virilia & poſteriora. 

to certo ergo habeatis de his qua vidi, & ſenſi, nullam poſſum vobis tradere æ quipollen- 
tiam verborum, cùm quia grauiſſima erant, tum quia fingulis ne mihi deuotionem minueret 
non attendebam, tum etiain, quod ptæ horrore, labore, & dolore multa memoriz non com- 
mendabam. 

Per quartam autem leuc am (ductrice gratia) leuinls tranfeuntes, fultinuimus tamen ſub pe- 
dibus hominum cadauera mortuorum, prope vallis exitum rerum tentamina preciofarum, 

Nunc itaque obfecro magno cordis affe ctu, hæc legentes & audientes ego, qui in illahora 
quid erga me agebat miferic ordifsimi Dei pietas ignorabam , vt velitis pro me, ſunul & me- 
cum ex mentis intimo collaudare ipfum Dominum, qui tune de poteſtate tene brarum illarum 
etipuit me indignum,é& prout contido, a delictis iuuentusis me purgauit , quateniis de policed 
commilsis,& committendis, mihi pi pitids fore dignetur, cùm iam ſenior fim etfectus. Quoni- 
am etſi ex tune propoſui mores cottigero, ex nunc ſtatuo in melius emendare, per filium eius 
Ieſum Chriſium Dommum noftrum, 

Ad hoc, addo breuitdr, quod non auderem hortuti quenquam, me conſulentem, vt ſponta- 
ned ingrederetur hanc vallem infauftam,quamuis ego curiolus intraul. Venientes polſhac ad 
proximas habitationes, neceſſe fuit aobie imendere ad tec reandum corpora cibarijs, & balne- 
iu, & ad medendum vulneribus, & quaſſeturis, donec per aliquod tempus vnuſquiſque accipe- 


ret deliberationem ſuper ſuo futuro, 


CA vr. 46. 
De quibufdam alis admsivandis per Inder imjidar. 


T mod procedam in tractatu. Sciatis ad paucas inde — — inſulam haberi gi- Oigantes An- 


antium, ad ſbaturam alatudinis viginti qui rorum , de quibus ipſe vidi thopophagi, 
RA extra terram corum, & 2 quoſdam ab * 

vltrà: hi operiuntur non veſtibus, fed beftiarum pellibus vicunque ſibi appenſu, comedentes 

animalium catnes ctudas, & lac pro potu forbentes, atque appetentes fuper oem eſum car- 

nes humanas, 

Iſtorum non curaui intrare inſulam: nam & audiui quod ad maxis littus ſolent infidiari na- 
uigantibus, nauſque ſubmergere, niſi im erdum tedim· antur tribus aut quatuot per ſortem ho- 
minibus fibi datis. 

Vertus Auſttum hinc in mari Oceano, habetur inter alias inſulas na, vbi crudelibus quibul- Latiferi alpe- 
dam mulieribus nafcitur in oculis lapis rarus,& malus, qng fi pet iram rofpexcrint hominem, n 
more Bafili(ci interficiunt ſolo viſu. 

4 — 3 inſulam alia maior & populofior, vbi cum multi fine vſus nobis infueti, vnum 

eſcribo. 
Dun deſponſauerit vir puellam, vu ginem, mandat hominem inc ompoſitum, velut ribal- 1.,), vbi vu. 
dum, qui ſua idonea claue per expertos ſuper hoc diligentér confiderata ſi reputatut idonea gines viti- 
referet & veſtiget ſub nocte vnica virginaleen conclauem,pro mercede fibi tradita competen- ancur ante- 
ti. Et fi poftera nocte accedens ſponſus ita non inuenerit, poterit, & conſueuit hominem impe- dum nubant 
tere ad mortis judicium iudec linabile. Cimque huius moris diſc ere voluiſſem cauſam acc epi 
reſponſiun, pro certis temporibus apud cos, virgines habuifle in matric ibus pouos ſerpentes, 
quibus nocebantur primi ad illas intrantes. 

Idedq; & viti, qui pro mercede tantum ſubeunt periculum, voc ant fua loquela cadibrum, 
elt, ſtulto : defperatos. , n 

x 


et 
72 The voyages and diſcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


Exh arct Inſula in qua inter alios vſus, peruer{ ſunt matres contra naturam & {cri 
eutjounguuniis — & dum proles moritur iocſidantur, iactantes in magno ig 
cum conuiuio & exultatione, dumque maritus ante vxorem decedit, patebit vxoris plena 
étio,{i cum corpore mariti,quod rogo traditur fe iactat cremandam,vt quia in iſto ſeculo ſtete- 
runt amoris vinculo colligati,non ſint alio ſeparati. 

Nec tamen intelligunt illud feculum,nifi quod fibi confingunt terreſtem Paradifum .Pue- 
rum aut minoré annis, trahet mater ſecum fi placet, ſed ætatis puer perfect, eliget pro proprio 

lacito viuere ſuperſtes, aut mori iuxta parentes. 

‘ Hic etiam 2 Reges per — ſed pet electionem, vt aſſumatur non no- 
bilior, aut fortior, fed morigeratior,& iuſtior, 30 ad minus annorum, nullam habens fobolem 
aut vxorem, ſeruatürque illic iuflicia rigor in plena cenſura, in omnibus & contra omnes, eti· 
amſi forefecerit ipſe Rex, qui nec eximitur a traditis le gibus pro concupiſcentia vel contemp- 
tione quarumlibet perſonarum. - 3 

Veruntamen Rex fi pe:cauerit non oeciditur ob reuerentiam, fed quòd ſub perna mortis, 

ublicè inhibetur, ne quifpiam in Regione ei verbo vel vllo facto comtnunic et, & quoniam 

fi loco alter rex conftituitur necefle elt illi breui vita degere ve! perpetud exulare, 

Conſtat poſt ipfam, & alia Infula multis bonis locuples, & hominibus populoſa, de qua re- 
colo ſcribendum, quod nulla occaſione comedunt tria genera carnium, gallinarum, lepo- 
rum, & auc arum, quas etſi nutriant in copijs,veuntur duntaxat pellibus aut plumis, 

Caterarum verò beftiarum & animaliutn licite vefcuntur carnibus pro victu, & latte pro 
potu. Ibi quiſq́; vir licitè poteſt coniungi cuique mulieri, quantumcunque propinquet, ex- 
ceptis progenltoribus, patre & matre. Nam cohabitatio, & commixtio omnium virorum ad 


fingulas mulieres apparet ibi communis, vnde mater natum paruulum ſuum, adic it pro ſui pla- 


cito cuictinque viro, qui circa generationis tempus ſecum dormierit, nec valet vilus virorum 
eſſe certus de proprio generato,quem moduin exlegem arbitror & turpem. 

Sicut ergò prafatus lum, multa mira videntur per Regiones Indorum, mira quidé nobis, fed 
illis aſſueta, quibus fi noftra recitarentur aſſueta, audirent pro miris. Nam & dum quibuſdam 
dixi aucas viuas apud nos uaſei in atboribus, admirati ſunt ſatis. In multis locis ſeminatur fine 

[Vel Cowon. gulis annis ſementum de Cothon, quod nos dieimus lanam arboream, exurgunt ei modica 

Defcriptio are Arbuſta, vel potius arbuſtula de quibus talit lana habetur: eſt arbor Juniperus, de cuius ligno de · 

boris Homba. ſiccato, fi carbones viuos ſub proprijs cineribus tenneris diligenter opertos, igniti feruabuntur 

fam ferentis. ad annum. 

In Indies Ett & genus Nucum incredibilis magnitudinis ad quantitatem magni capitis: & beftia vo- 

Orad ansbe- ata, oraſſans, vel ferfans, corpore in noſtrotum altitudine caballorum, & collo in 20 —— 

bus. dine cubitorum ad proſpiciendum vltra domos & muros, quorum poſteriora apparent vt hin- 
niculi ſiue lerni. 

Cameliones, Oenus eſt etiam Camelionum ad formsm hynnulorum, qui femper patulo tendunt ore, vel 
nil manducantes. Viuunt de aere, quæ etiam ad ſuum libitum videntur ſibi variare colotem, 
exceptis (ve dicitur) albo vel rubeo. 

aximi qued; ferpentes,inuicem qualitate, genere differentes atq́; colore. 

Aliqui criftam in capite getunt, quidam more hominum ad duos pedes erecti incedunt, & 
nonnulli qui dicuntur Reguli, venenum per ora diſtillare non ceſſant, nee non quam plures coe 
codtilli, de quibus aliquid in præcedentibus retuli: & apri in noſtrorum magnitudine boum, 

Apri ingentes Ur eric , in quantitate porcorutn, le ones albi in altitudine dextrariorum. Louheraus, feu 

Leones abi. Edouches per Indiam habentur, quod ferarum genus ſatis eft maius noftris communibus e- 
quis, gerens in fronte tetri capitis tria longa cornua, ad formam pugionis, ex veraque parte 
feindcntia,vt eis nonnunquam interficiant Elephantes. 

Ali quoq́; beſtiæ crudeles vt vtſi cum capitibus fere aprorum & habentes pedes ſenos, qui 
finduntur latis vn gulis bis acutis, & cum caudis leonum ſiue pardonum. 

Et quod vix eredetur, mures pro quantitate, I o, aut 12, noſtrorum & vefpertiliones admo · 
dum cotuorum. 

Sed & auca in triplo maiores noſtris, plumis indutæ rubris, niſi quod in pectore & colloap- 
paret nigtedo. 

Et breuiter tam ĩbi quam alibi habentur piſces, beſtiæ, volucres, aut vermes diuerſorum ge- 
nerum, aut {pecierum,de quibus hoc loco. vel inutilis, vel prolixa poſſet fieri nattatio, quod nec 
illis qui nunquam propria exierunt,credibilis videretur. 

Capvt 


iſcer 
P tan 


S. L. Mandeuil. 


contra naturam & ſerip- 


äiactantes in magno 
patebit vxotis plena fie 
t quia in ifto ſeculo ſtete- 


reſtem Paradifum . Pue- 
rect, eliget pro proprio 
em, vt aſſumatur non no. 
nullam habens ſobolem 


bus & contra omnes, eti· 
‘upifcentia vel contemp- 


d quéd ſub peena mortis, 
omnwunicct, & quoniam 
petud exulare. 

ibus populola, de qua re- 
nium, gallinarum, lepo- 
us aut plumis. 

s pro victu, & latte pro 
iclinque propinquet, ex- 
xtio omnium virorum ad 
n fuum, adicit pro fui pla- 
nec valet vilus virorum 
ur e 

um, mira quidé nobis, fed 
Nam & dum quibuſdam 
nultis locis ſeminatur fine 
um, exurgunt ei modica 
riperus,de cuius ligno de- 


pertos, igniti feruabuntur 


agni capitis: & beftia vo- 
m, & collo in 20 —— 
ofteriora apparent vt hi 


er patulo tendunt ore, vel 
ntur ſibi variare colotem, 


tq; colore. 

pedes erecti incedunt, & 
nec non quam plures co- 
rum inagnitudine bouin, 
atiorum. Louheraus, feu 
s noftris communibus e- 
gionis, ex veraque parte 


habentes pedes fenos, qui 
& vefpertiliones admoe 
od in pectore & colloap- 


t vermes diuerſorum ge- 
fieri nartatio, quod nec 


CA Pyr 


F. I. Mandenill. of the Engliſn nation. 73 


CA vr. 47. 
De Bracm amm & aliorum 2 
u Racmannorwn Inſula quaſi ad medium Imperij cõſiſtit Presbyteri Ioannis. Hij licet Chri- 
tani non ſunt, viuunt tamen naturali optimo more. Nudes cnim & inc omparati, ſunpli- 
ces, & infckj omnis artis apparent. Non cupidi, fuperbi, inuidi, iracundi, guloſi, aut lururioſi 
nec iutant, fraudant, aut mentiuntur. Laborant corpore, fed intendunt animo implere quoad 
valent naturale mandatum, hoc facias alijs quod tibi vis fieri: credentes & adotantes omnium 
creatorem Deum & c ſperantes ab ipfo fimplicicer Paradifum. 
Sobtij quoque ſunt, quapropter & longo tempore viuunt : & fi quis ab eorum moribus de- 
generat rofenbitur perpetud fine mora,omnibus nulla poſita differentia perfonarum,vnde & 
in iu ei iudic io, quod naturalem exercere iuſtitiam contendunt, Elements. eis natutaliter 
obfequuntur,& rard eos tangit te mpeſtas, aut fames,peltilentia aut gladius. 
— riparia dicta Chene currit jin Infulam, ininiſtrans pilcium & aquarum copiam: Flumen Che- 
Inos oſun Alexander rex Grecorum debellare cupiens, miſi eis literas comminationis , cui ne. 
inter cætera notabilia remandauerunt, nihil ſe habere curiofi, quod Rex tantus deberet concu- 
pifcere,nihilque ita fe timere perdituros ſicut pacem bonam,quam hactenus habuerunt incom 
cuflam : ficque diuino nutu eft actum ve Rex truculentus ad alia fe verterct, atque in breui 
pottmddum caderet,quia diſſipat Dominus eos, qui bella volunt, & iftis manet pax multa dili- 

entibus eam. 

Infula breuis continet paucos & breues habitatores Pygmæis modico longiores,qui pyran, 
decoris vultibus nullo vnquam cibo veſeentes, {pecialis pomi quod ſecum portant ſuſtẽtantut 
odore, quo fi caretent ad partum, color in vultu marceſcetet, & die tertia vita periret. 5 
Diſcretio & rationabilitas ijs adeſt modica, nec enim habent laborare niſi pro veltitu, quem 
ſibi circa atbuſta colligunt: t conficit waulquilg; pro 1 2. anuis vite ſuæ. 
Vlua hanc Infulam ſilueſtres. & fortes habentur homines, fed beſtiales, veftiti per totum 
corpus proprijs capillis & pilis,exceptis palinis, & faciebus, qui videntur penitus gubernatione 
& polmia carere: venancur carnes per filuas, & difcurrunc piſcantes in aquis, omnia cruda 
voramrcs, 
Huus ad terræ metas manat ſiuuius Briemer latitudinis duarum leucarum, & ſemis, quem Fhuuius Bri- 
nostranfire nequuimus, nec auſi fuimus. Quoniam illo tranſmiſſo inſtant deterta 15. aut plu- er. 
num dirtarum inhabitata nũc tempotis( prout audieramus)diuerſis & nobis ignotis generibus 
beſtiarum, ſerpentum, draconum, gtyphiũ, aſpidum, dypſarum, & colebrord in multitudine tan- 
ta, vt centum millia atmatoruni fimul pertingere vſquè ad arbores,que ibi dicuntur ſolis & lu- 
ne, vix poſſent. Attumen ſuo tempore Alexander magnus {cribitur pertigiſſe, & quædam ab ar- 
boribus fictitia ſuccepiſſe refponta. 
Circa has arbores excolitur Balfamum,cuius liqueris comparatio nufquam {citur contineti Balfamum in. 
ſub ecelo, Nam ibidem homines,de iſtarum arborum fruétibus & Balſamo vtentes dicuntur il- 
lorum virtute quadringentis aut pluribus annis viuere. 

Peruenit amem & Dux Danus Ogerus, ac manducauit de illis, vnde & nonnulli pre ſenſus 
ſtoliditate vel ſidei leuitate putant ipſum adhuc alibiviuere in tertia. Ego autem quia tantum 
pro dilatanda Chiſtianitate laborauit arbiti ot magis, cum tegnate cum Chrifto in cœlis. 

Verfus orientales partes Indorum conſiſtit nagnaregio Taprobane exuberans optimis ter- Taprobana 
Fenorum bonorum,in quam nauigio intrauimus in octovel circa digtis per aquamfatis tenuem, laſula, & eius 
haud profundamlbi,ficut & in alijs muleis Infulis,rex non naſcitur fed eligitur per partes terre: deſcripuo. 

& eſt hac wma de quindecum nominatis Regionibus conquifitionis Ogeri. Iſta, cum modicum 
declinet a cculo terra ſub A quatore, pati tur in anno duas æſtates, & duas hyemes, fi tamen 
hye ms aliqua dic debeat, & non ma gis c, quia nullus hic dics anni caret fructu, flore, 
germine. 

Habitatores ſunt diſc reti nonefti,ynde g mercatores, de remotis partibus libenter cum ijs 
communic ant: & ſparſim perregionem habitant plurimi diuites Chriſtiani. 

Hijs iunguntur dug inſulę( quas nos vocamus, Otilla, & Argita,)quanquam illa lingua aliter Orills. 
nominentur. In quaium prima fume multe mineriz auri, in ſecunda argenti,& propter quandam Argita. 
craſſitudinem aer continuam,perpauca apparent ſydera, prætet vnum quod dicunt Canopũ, . 
quod æſtimo planctam Venetu. Et quod mirum eft — omni lunatione ijs apparet ail 2. notat Gcrat- 
quarta. Cuius rei probabilis ratio effugit etiam Aſtronomos valde peritos. IAtque per has Intu- dus Mercator 
las quoddam rubrum mare a mari Oceano fegregatur. in ſua charta 

_ Teag; in Orilla in locis multis effoditur, colligitur, & conflatur optimum auri metallum, per general. 
viros, mulieres, & paruulos in hoc inftructos,{ed & in nonnullis ib: montibus monſtrantur 
G congrega- 


— — — — 
74 The voyages and difcoueries S. I. Mandeuil. 


congregationes beſtiolarum in uant nate noſtrorum catulorum, in ſotmic a um forma ac na- 
tura totali: qui pro ſuis viribus iunt, purific ant, & colligunt cum intenta oc cupatione aui 
minutias eas reponentes . & repofitas retrahentes de caucrnis & fpecubus in cauernas & fpecus, 
Et in conleruando funt diligentes & acres, vt emo audeat de tacali opinquare,nifi quod in- 
terdum ab illis paufantibus, —.— fe occultantibus, aliqui non {ine periculo in dromeda- 
rijs & veredarijs rapiunt, vel tur. . 

) Solet — ab ee obtineri,quéd excogitato ingenio fuper equam que nuper ſœtum adi 
derit,imponentes homines duas de ligno ciftulas feu cophinos nouos, vacuos, & apertos ala · 
teribus ndentes a terrain : hanc famelicam dunittunt vt fe pafcat ad herbas in mon- 
tem : Quam fotmicæ videntes folam, falientes & iocantes, colludunt ad eam & ad eius con. 
fines pro nouitate: & quoniam eis eft naturale, vt circa fe omne vacuum implere conentut 
comportant certatim aurum fuum in vafculis fuis mundis, Cumque homines a remotis tempus 
obſeruauerint, emittunt pullum equa vt videat matrem, cuius aſpectu iam diu ſtetit priuatus, 
ad cuius hinnitum protinus equa reuertitur onuſta de auro. Hij ergo & fimilibus modi ho- 
mines aurum diripiune a formicis. 


CA vr. 48. 
Aliguid de loco Paradsfi terrefiris per andstwm, 


3 Imperij Indiz recta linea in orientem nihil eft habitatum vel habitabile, proptet ar 
rupium,& montium alt itudinem, & afperitatem,& propter aeris inter Alpes diuerfitatem: cijs,fia 
nam in multis locis, lic et quandogue ner fit ſerenus, nunc fit ſpiſſus nunc fumofus, vel vene- Not 
noſus, & frequenter die medio tenebroſus. Durant que aut potius aggtaueſcunt huiuſmodi dif- habet « 
ficultates,vique ad illum amæniſſimum Paradif locum, quem protoplauſti per inobedientiam Joa, di 
ſibi de polteris perdidiſſe noſcuntur. 3 ſpacium fi metiri poffer, ett multarum vtique diæta- media 
tarum. Quia iam non vlterius proceffi, nec procedere quiui,pauca duntaxat de illo loco tefe · 
rain verifimilia, que didici per auditum. 
Deferiptio Paradifus terreftris dicitur locus ſpacioſus ad amplitudinem quafi quin’s Inſulatum noſtra- 
Paradii. tuin, Angliæ, Normanniæ, Hibernia, Scotiæ, & rue giæ, aut forfan fats plurium, Cuius ſitus 
eft pertingens in altitudine ad aeris fupremam fuperficiems, eò quod illic terra vel terrg orbis fic 
multum {piffior quam alibi per modum excentricum a vero centro mundi, nec valet hoc de · 


inde ab aliquo experto reſelli, (criptura veritatis clamante, quod ibi fit fons irtigaus vniuetſam 
fuperficiem tettx: aque enim eft natura ſemper fluere ad ima, 
Exeunt autem ab illo fonte verſus noſtti partes 1 hoc eft nobis de illo loco in oc- 


cidentem quatuor flumina, Pyfon,Gyon,Tygris, & Euphrates, ab iſta dimidia parte terre cir- 
ca ¶Æquatoris circulum terra influentes, quapropter & merito credendum videtur, exire de 
eodem fonte & alia quatuor Alumina irrigantia terram oppofitam, quæ eft circa alteram dimi- 
diam partem circuli E quatoris,quamuis nos eorum fluminum loca, virtutes, & nomina igno- 
tamus, quòd homines habitant ab alia parte ¶Æquinoctij. 

Hoc tamen volo {ciri pro verꝭ & audiui, illic terre faciem inhabitatam in maxima multitu- 

Gentes ad uu · dine ciuitatum, yrbium, & regiontum,quoniam &eorum inſtitores Indiam frequentant, & nun- 
dumm Aequa- cjant ſibi inuicem gentes & principes per literat, ac alijs modis deftinare ſunt viſi. 

a Vous noftrorum fluuiorum Pyſon currit per Indiam, & per eius deferta quandoque ſub ter- 
Oanges flu · ra, ſed fepitis ſupra, qui & Ganges illic appellatus eft, ab illo vltimo Paganitatis rege, quem 
2 Dux Ogerus deuictum cùm baptizari renueret in ipfo flumine proiectum ſubmerſit. 

Ad littus huius reperiuntur multi lapides præcioſitatis immenſe & metalli grana cariffimi, 
nec non & auri minetiæ, multumque deſeendit in eo natans lignum Aloes ex Paradiſo, quod 
tebus mire virtutis inferit Salomon in Canticis. 

Hinc ſecundus fluuius Gyon,currit per Aethiopiam, vnde dum venit ine gyptii,accipit no- 
men Nilus. Tertius Tygris veniens per Affyriam influit maiorem Armeniam & Perfiam:tan- 
dem; fluuij fin guli per loca ſingula fe ia€tant in mare per quod defluunt v{q; ad Nador, id eft, 
ad oppofitum diametrum me ifi: Ideod; merito ęſtimantur omnes vaiuerfo orbe aque dulces 
originé capere, à ſupradicto paradifi fonte, quamuis ſecundũ diſtãtiam maiorem vel minorem, 
& ſecundum naturas rerum per quas meant diuerſos habere inuemuntur fapores, atq́; vireutes. 

Porrò ipfum Paradiſi locum audiuia tribus plagis, orientali, meridionali, & feptentrionali, 
inacceflibilem tam hominibus quam beftijs, eo quéd apparet ripis perpendiculariter abſciſſa, 
tan quam ineſtimabilis altitudinis. Et ab oceidente idett noftra parte tanquam fuper omnium 
humanorum intuitum rogus ardés,qui in ſcripturis rumphea flammea appellatur, ve nulli crea- 
ture terrenę aſcẽſus in efi credatur nifi quibullam volatilibus,prout decreuit iuſti iudicij pi 

Ambu- 


J. Mandeuil, 


uc a um forma ac na- 
enta oc cupatione auti 
in cauernas & pe cus. 
in quare,nifi quod in- 
periculo in dromeda- 


we nuper fortum ædi- 
cues, & apertos a la- 
cat ad hetbas in mon- 
ad eam & ad eius con- 
um implere conentut 
ines a temotis tempus 
jam diu ſtetit priuatus, 
& fimilibus modis ho- 


vel habitabile, propter 
ter Alpes diuerfitatem: 
me fumofus, vel vene- 
ueſcunt huiuſmodi diſ- 
ulti per inobedientiam 
nultarum vtique diæta · 
taxat de illo loco refe - 


ing; Inſularum noſtra- 
us plurium, Cuius fitus 
c terra vel terre orbis ſit 
di, nec valet hoc de- 
fons irrigans vniuerſam 


obis de illo loco in oc - 
dimidia parte terre cir- 
ndum videtur, exire de 
eft circa alteram dimi- 
nutes, & nomina igno- 


um in maxima multitu- 
m frequentant, & nun- 
e ſunt viſi. 

na quandoque ſub ter- 
Paganitatis rege, quem 
m ſubmerſit. 

metalli grana cariffimi, 
loes ex Paradis, quod 


n gyptũ, accipit no- 
eniam & Perfiam:tan- 
t viq; ad Nador,id eft, 
uerſo orbe aque dulces 
maiorem vel minorem, 
r fapores, atq; virtutes. 
onali, & feptencrionali, 
pendiculariter abſciſſa, 
quam fuper omnium 
ppellatur, vt nulli crea- 
reuit iuſti iudlcij Deus. 
Ambu- 


$.1.Mandeuill. 


Ambulantibus enim illuc fue repentibus hominibus obitarent tenebtæ imo ru inſe 
flus,beltiz,ferpentes,frigus, & cauma. Nauigare aui em contra ictum flununis —.— 
diret inerinfecus recurfus, ac umpetuoſus & quandoque ſubterraneus aquę curſus defeenden- 
tis cum vehementia ab euectiffimo, ve dictum eſt, loc o: qui ſuo quoque {trepitu, per petras at 
ſtricdos aliofque diuerſos cadens gur tes, efficetet ſurdos, & aeris mutatio c co vnde & m 
— tam aa — ew ocle 5 — Pee ponétes periculo perierunt,alijs excar- 

s,alijs abſurdati is in ipſo acce itanea mort imi 
— iltum Deo * nae eee RV 

Quapropter &ego ex illo loco ſtatui animum ad repatriandu D iti 
glia 2 — ſeculo viuenteus ſuſciperet — .. 


CArvr. 49. 
In renertend & (affan, ꝙ Roth, & de dinite Epnlone, 


Xhinc de illis qua in reuertendo vidi {cribo curfim pauca, ne moduin excedere vi 
EEA itaque quaſi per Aquilonare 1 Imperij Presbyter e 
terre, non mari nos commendantes, tranfiuimus Deo Ductore, multas Inſulas in multis diztis, 
& peruenitnus ad regionem magnam Caſſan: hac cum fit vna de quindecim habens longitu- 


cijs,fianoltris frequentaretur. 

Notandum, Caffan (fecundum Odericum) eft melior prouincia de mundo bi ſttictior eft 
habet diztas 30. ybi longior 60. & eft vna de 1 2,prouincijs Imperij Grand Can, eft iſta po mi 
lofa, diftinéta ciuitatibus, vt quifque à quacunque plaga de vna exeat ciuitate nouerit alee: in 
media digt propinquam. Tenetque iftam regionem Caſſan rex diues & potens, pro parte de 
ae Prasbyteri Ioannis, & pro parte de Imperio Grand Can. , 
iſta in reuerfione noſtra venimus ad regnum Riboth,quod fimiliter eft vnum de quinde- 
cim, latum, & ſpecioſum, in quo de multis bonis, habetur plena copia. Hoc tenetur in toto de 
Imperio Tartarorum. 


ofthe Englifh nation. 73 


Vi 
— 
redijtin An- 


dinem diætarum 60.& latitudinem prope 3o. poſſet eſſe nominatior omnibus ibi circa prouin- 8 


affan, 


na eſt ibi inter & ſuper omnes ciuitas Sacerdotalis,& Regia in qua Rex habet fuum mag- Labaſſi, fum- 


nificum palatium, & fummus idolorum Pontifex quem Labaſſi appellant, cui omnes Regni mus idolorum 


obediunt,& populi ſicut Domino Papæ nos Chriſtiani, quoniam & iubet, & benedicit, ac con- pontifex, 


me eh crag idolorum. 
iuitatis vndique muri {unt compacti albis & nigris lapidibus conquadrati 
fcakarij, omnesque contractæ ſimili pauimento phy we Tanta eſt illic jot 
a vt . 7 * in modica quantitate, fanguinem hominis, feu immolaticig pecudis ſu- 
2 i * on * uerit nequaquam iudicium mottis euadet. Et inter innumeras fuperftitiones 
leres cuius pater defungitur, fi alicuius vult eſſe reputationis, mandat co i 
Relligiofos, & {acerdotes pro poſſe, qui certo Die Nec ſub ma 8 
fto, comportant defuncti cadauer, in montis ſublime cacumen. Ibi accedens denice Przla- 
torum, funeris caput abſcindit, tradens haredi in aureo diſco decãtanti fub deuotione fuas ora- 
tiones cum ſuis in propria lingua. Atque interim aues regionis rapaces, & inunundz, vt corui 
vultures,& aquilæ, quæ pro conſuetudine optimè moremnorunt,aduolant magno numero in 
aére: Tunc que Relligioſi cum facerdotibus detruncant corpus in fruſta velut in macello 
proijcientes pecias in altum auibus, ac dec ãtantes certam ad hoc compoſitam orationem tan- 
quam fi noftri ſacerdotes cantarent. Subuenite ſancti Dei. &c. , 
‘ Et habet corum oratio, hunc fenfum in fua lingua. Refpice quam iuftus & ſanctus extitit 
omo iſte, quem An eli Dei coueniunt accipere & in Paradifum deferre. Talique diabolico 
one bo ip pane | igs pa defunctus 0 in Paradiſum tranſlatus, viuat illic ſem- 
quoniam, vbi plures conu ibi mai i 
Racca Le p enere volucrum, ibi maiorem lætantur & iactant 
Hinc deinde reuertentes, cum choris, & reſonantia Muſicorum, filius paratum præſtat om- 
nibus conuiuium, in cuius fine pro extremo ferculo, tradit ſingulis particulam, de patris capite 
umma cum deuotione. Hanc etiam capitis caluariam filius facit poltmodum debitè formari & 
ken i pro cypho, in quo bibit in conuiuijs,ob recordationem amantiffimi patris. 
118 ee. 1 dietis per 3 . Grand Can, inuenitur Inſula de- 
bilis, & fp : cuius Rex eft præpotens in gloria, & in diuitijs fi 
multis quæ ilic gcruntur admirandis vid recito Kann. ‘ fies aaa aa 
G 


2 Quod 


Vv 8 ww 0 
* Ve 8 Vv. Vg Fr V 8 
Sy — vy N e 
V Ne “ee* 
N oy ~ * 
* * 
ee 22442 HE 
26 a a 
? 444 885 
3 442 88 
= 8 RE | 
K * 
Ff GS 
> whe 
aro e 1 je 
ao" N G “a eS V 
> AN . a A ek 


76 The voyages and diſcoueries S. L. Mandeuil. 


bed : udd eſt ibi homo quidam ditiſſimus nullius dignitatis nomine honoratus, ſed byſſo, ac ſe- 
Diues Epulo 20 ornatus, & fplendlide omni tempore epulatus: non ergo vult dici princeps, Dux, comes, 
miles, aut huiulmodi licet fuperioritatem habeat ſuper marchionesali¢uos & barones, 
Eius poffeffionis valor æſtimatur in anno 30. cuman de affinarijs blsdi, & riſi nec quærit ni- 
ſi delitioſe viuere in ifto feculo, vt cum diuite Epulone ſepeliatur in inferno, Cum etiam fbi 
derelictus fit, ifte viuendi modus a retrogenitoribus, eum & ipſe poſteris derelinquet. Hic tan- 
quam Imperiali reſidet palatio, cuius muri ambitus ad tractum ſeucæ tenditur, continens ar- 
buſta, vineta riuulos, fontes & ſtagna, aulas, & cubicuteauro ſtrata depictaque mire & ſculp- 
taartificiofé, vitra quam vales explicare, & inter omnia ad medium palatium in celſo vertice 
atrium amænum valdè tamen modico, fed cunctis præcioſius, edificio, quaſi ad ſcema noſtra- 
rum Ecclefiarum, cum turribus, pilarijs, & colummis, in quibus nihil prominet indignius au- 
ro. Nunquam vel rarò hic exit de ſuo palatio cum ſolis pulchris quos ſibi conuocat & conua- 
riat paruis pueris & puellis, non excedentibus 16. annos ætatis. Tendit dum libet pedibus, 
quandoque ve ctatur e quo, interdum ducitur vehiculo, nonnunquam vult ferri geſtatorio, vel 
certé puellaribus brachijs, & viſitat fpiffime præfatum præcioſius zdificium : atque hijs & 
modis alijs excogitat delectare vifum pulchris, auditum ſuauibus, olfactum redolentibus , ta- 
Cum lenibus, & guſtum paſcere delicatis, Electas ſemper habet præſto 50. puellas ei, & de 
pa exquifttiffime miniftrantes tam ad menfam quam ad cubiculum, & ad omne li- 
m. N 
“He ad prandium recumbenti afferunt R more pro fingulo ferculo ſemper 5. 
genera dapum nobilium cum dulciſonæ reſonantia camtilenz, quaruin aliquæ ei ſingulos de- 
truncant genu flexo morfellos, aliquæ ponunt in ore, mundis tergentes comedentis labia 
appis. 
1 Num ipfe quidem in menfa continet iacentes manus puras & quietas. Poft deferuitionem 
ferculi primi, feruitur pro ſecundo in 5. alij dapum generibus modo quo ſupra, & renouatur in 
apponendo cantus ſuauior melodia. 2 155 ar 8 
iſta abſque vila Domini cura per miniftros quotidié re parantur, etiam in maiori fatis quam 
effor nobilita « niſi dum ipfe 1 iuſſerit, quandoque temperari. 
Dielicioſius igitur quo vult deducit carnem, non curans animam, ſed nec probitatem curans 


terrenam, paſcit ſterilem, & viduæ non benefacit. Et 


Qa vit ficnt porces, 
Morientem ſiiſcipit orcns, 
Longiudo portd quod eum dixi manus tenere quietas, noueritis nimirum nil poſſe manibus capere vel te- 
inte. nere, propter longitudinem, & recuruitatem vnguium in digitis, qui ſibi nullo tempore pręſcin- 
1 duntur. Seruatur enim hoc pro nobili more patrię, & viri diuites delicati, qui proprios poſſunt 
principes lon- habere miniſtros nũ quam fibi dimittunt vngues refecare, vnde & nonnullis circumdantur vn- 
is vnguibus. dique manus, acſi uiderentur armatæ. 
ria Rœminarum autem mos eft nobilis ſi habe ant paruos pedes, vnde & generoſarum in cunis 
ſtrictiſſimè obuoluntur, vt vix ad medium debitæ quantitatis excreſcere poſſint. 


f CAP r. 50. : 
De compoficione huins traliatus in nobili cinitate Leodienſi. 


| be reuertédo igitur venitur ab hac infula per prouincias magnas Imperij Tartarorum, in qui 
bus ih a noua, femper mita, imo nonnunquam incredibilia viator poteſt videre, percipe- 
re, & audire. ö ' 

Et Noueritis, vt prædixi, me pauca eorum vidiffe, quæ in terris ſunt mirabilium, fed nec hic 
ſeripſiſſe centeſſimam partem eorum quæ vidi, quod nec omnia memotiæ commendare potui, 
& de commendati multa ſubticui, propter Alem, quam decet omnibus actibus addi. 

Idcirco vt & alijs, qui vel antè mein partibus illis ſteterunt, vel ituri ſunt, maneat locusnar- 
randi fiue ſcribendi, odum huius pono tractatus, potius decurtans, quam complens, quoni- 
am lids loquendi non effet finis,nec arxes implerentur auditu, 

Itaque anno à natiuitate Domini noftri Ieſu Chrift 13 55. in patriando, cum ad nobilem Le- 
giz, feu Leodij eer eli pre grandeuitate ac artericis guttis illic decumberem 
in vico qui dicitur, Baffeflanemi, confului caufa conualefcendi aliquos medieos ciuitatis : Et 
accidit, Dei nutu, vnum intrare phyficum fuper alios ætate fimul & canicie venerandum, 
ac in ſua arte euidenter expertum, qui ibidem dicebatur communiter, Magifter Ioannes ad 

am. 

Is, dum pariter colloqueremur, interferuit aliquid didtis, per quod tandem noftre inuicem 

N renouabatur 


SL. Mandeuil. 


oratus, fed byſſo, ac ſe- 
princeps, Dux, comes, 
nos & barones. 

di, & rifi, nec quærit ni- 
nferno, Cum etiam ſibi 
is derelinquet. Hic tan- 
tenditur, continens ar- 
ictaque mirè, & ſculp- 
platium in celfo vertice 
p quaſi ad ſcema noſtra- 
prominet indignius au- 
ibi conuocat & conua- 
dit dum libet pedibus, 
ult ferri geſtatorio, vel 
edificium : atque hijs & 
actum redolentibus, ta- 
ſto 50. puellas ei, & de 
iculum, & ad omne li- 


gulo ferculo ſemper 5. 
naliquæ ei ſingulos de- 
ntes comedentis labia 


as. Poft deferuitionem 
uo ſupra, & renouatur in 


am in maiori ſatis quam 


d nec probitatem curans 


e manibus capere vel te- 
i nullo tempore pręſcin- 
ati, qui proprios poſſunt 
mullis circumdantur vn- 


& generoſarum in cunis 


e poſſint. 


erij Tartarorum, in quis 
r poteſt videre,percipe- 


t mirabilium, fed nec hic 
riz commendare potui, 
mnibus actibus addi. 

i ſune, maneat locusnar- 
juam complens, quoni- 


do, cum ad nobilem Le- 
guttis illic decumberem 
os medieos ciuitatis: Et 
& canicie venerandum, 
er, Magiſter Ioannes ad 


{tandem noftre inuicem 


renouabatur 


ILA. of the Englith sation 


renouabatur antiqua notitia, quam quondam habuerainus in Cayr Aegypti apud Melech Ma-. 
dibron Soldanum, prout fupra tetigi in 7. capitulo libri. N 

Qui cum in me expesjentiam artis {uz excellenter monſtraſſet, adhortabetur ac præcabatur 
inftanter, vt de hijs quæ videram tempore peregrinationis, & itineratronis mez per mundum, 
aliquid digererem in ſeriptis ad legendum, & audiendum pro vtilitate. 

Sicque tandem illius monitu & adiutorio, compoſitus eft iſte tractatus, de quo certè nil ſcri- 
bere propoſueram, donec ſaltem ad partes proprias in Anglia perueniſſem. Et credo præmiſſa 
circa me, per prouidentiam & gratiam Dei contigiſſe, quoniam a tempore quo receſſi, duo 


reges noſtri Angliæ. & Franciæ, non ceſſauerunt inuicem exercere deſtructiones, deprædatio- 1 
eruus. 


nes, inſidias, & interfectiones, inter quas, niſià Domino cuftoditus, non tranſiſſem fine morte, 

vel mortis periculo, & fine criminum grandi cumulo. Et ecce nunc egreffionis mez anno 33. 

conſtitutus in Leodij ciuitate, quæ a mari Angli¢ diſtat ſolum per duas diætas, audio dictas Do- 

minorum inimicitias, per gratiam Dei confopitas: quapropter & ſpero, ac propono de reliquo 

ſecundum maturiorem ætatem me poſſe in proprijs, intendere corporis quieti, animęq; faluti. 
Hic itaque finis fit ſcripti, in nomine Patris, & Filij, & ſpiritus ſancti, A MEN. 


Explicit itinerarium a terra Angliæ, in partes Hieroſolimitanas, & in vlteriores tranſmarinas, 
editum primò in lingua Gallicana, à Domino loanne Mandeuille nülite, ſuo authore, 
Anno incarnationis Domini 13 c5. in Ciuitate Leodienfi: Et Paulò poft in eadem ciuitate, 
rranſlatum in dictam formam Latinam, 


Richardi Hakluyti breuis admonitio ad Lectorem. 


onen (Mandenillum noftratem, erudimum & infignem Authorem (Balao, Mercatore, 

SO Ortelio,ey ali teſtibus ab innumeris Scribarum & Typographorums mendss vepurgando, 
Jer maultorum,corumaue optimorumexemplarinm collatsone, quid preftiterims, virorum 
an Corum, & cornm pracipue, qui Geugraphie ger Antiquitatis periti unt, ejfo indicum, 
ac antem habet de mauftriferis hominum forms :tinerary fai pracedentis capitibus trigeſſimo, tri- 
geffimo primo, trigeſſimo tertio, & (par fim in feqhentibns,quanguam nom neg em ab illo fortaffe quedam 
cru alicubs vifafuilfe,maiors tamen ex parte,ex Caio Plinio fecundo hauſta videntur, vt facile pa- 
tebit ea cum his Plinianis, hic ideo ame appofitis,collaturo, qua idem Pliniuu, ſangulis ſaus authoribus 
fingnlarefert, in corum plariſque fidems ſuam minime obſtringens. Vale, atque aut meliora dato, aus 
lit vtere mecum. N 


Ex libro ſexto Naturalis hiſtoriæ C. Plinij ſecundi, 
Cap. 30. : 
NA Niuerfa verò gens e£theria appellata eft, deinde Atlantia, mex à Vulcani flio - 


thiope Æthiopia. Animalium hominumque effigies monſtriferas circa extremita- 

tes eius gigni minimè mirum,artifici ad formanda corpora effigiẽſque cælandas mo- 

bilitate ignea, Ferunt certè ab Orientis parte intima gentes eſſe fine naribus, æquali 

totius oris planitie, Alias ſuperiore labro orbas, alias fine linguis. Pars etiam ore concreto & 

naribus carens, vno tantùm foramine ſpirãt, potümque calamis auenæ trahit, & grana eiuſdem 

auenæ, ſponte prouenientis ad veſcendum. Quibuſdam pro fermone nutus motufque mem- 
brorum eſt. &c. 


Ex libro eiuſdem Plinij ſeptimo, C a p. a. cui titulus eft; 
De Sqythis, & aliarum diuerſitate gentium. 


E* Scytharum genera, & quidem plura, que corporibus humanis vefcerentur, indicaui · 
mus. Idipfum incredibile fortaſſe, ni cogitemus in medio orbe terrarum, ac Sicilia & Italia 
fuiffe gentes huius monſtri, Cyclopas & Læſtrigonas, & nuperrimè trans Alpes hominem im- 
molari gentium earũ more folitum: quod paulum 4 mandendo abeſt. Sed & iuxta eos, qui ſunt 
ad Septentrionem verſi, haud procul ab ipſo Aquilonis exortu, fpectique eius dicto, quem locũ 
Gefclitron appellant, produntur Arimafpi, duos diximus, vno òculo in fronte media inſignes: 
quibus aſidud bellum eſſe circa metalla cum gryphis, ferarum volucri genere, quale vulgò 


traditur, eruente ex cuniculis aurum, mira cupiditate & feris cuſtodientibus, & Arimaſpis ra- 


pientibus, multi, fed maximè illuſtres Herodotus, & Atiſteas Proconneſius ſeribunt. Super 
. G 3 ios 


78 The voyages and diſcoueries &. I. Mandeuit. 


alios autem Anthropophagos Scythas, in quadam conualle magna Imai montis, regio eſt, quæ 
e Nee . viuuss howines, auerfis poſt crura plantis, eximiz veloci- 
tatis, paſſim cum feris vagantes, Hos in alio non ſpirare ccelo, ideõque ad finitimos reges non 
pertrahi, neque ad Alexandrum magnum pertractos, Beton itinerum eius menſor prodidit. Pri- 
ores Anthropophagos, quos ad Septentrionem eſſe diximus decem dierum itinere ſupra Bo- 
ſthenem amnem, oſſibus humanorum capitum bibere, cutibiifque cum capillo pro manteli- 
bus ante pectora vti, Iſigonus Niczenfis,1 em in Albania gigni quoſdam glauca oculorum a- 
cie,a pueritia ſtatim canos, qui noctu plufquam interdiu cernant. Idem itinere dierum x. fupra 
Boryſthenem, Sauromatas tertio die cibum capere ſemper. Crates Pergamenus in Helleſponto 
circa Parium, genus hominum fuiſſe tradit, quos Ophiogenes vocat ſerpentum ictus contactu 
leuare ſolitos, & manu impoſita venena extrahere corpori. Varro etiam nunc eſſe paucos ibi, 
quorum ſaliuæ contra ictus ſerpentum medeantur. Similis & in Africa gens Pfyllorum fuit,ve 

Agatharchides ſeribit, à Pfyllo rege dicta, cuius e in parte S um maiorum eſt. Ho. . 
rum corpori ingenitum fuit virus exitiale ferpentibus,vt cuius odore opirent eas. Mos vero, li- 
beros genitos protinus obijciendi ſæuiſſimis earum, eoque genere pudicitiam coniugum ex- 
periendi, non profugientibus adulterino ſanguine natos ſerpentibus. Hæc gens ipſa quidem 
prope internicione Oblata eſt à Naſamonibus, qui nunc eas tenent ſedes: genus tamen hominũ 
ex his qui profugetant, aut cùm pugnatum eft,abfuerant, hodiẽ que remanent in paucis. Simile 
& in Italia Marforum gentis durat, quos à Circes filio ortos ſeruant, & ideo ineſſe ijs vim natu- 
ralem eam. Et tamen omnibus hominibus contra ferpentes ineft venenum: ferüntque ictas fa- 
liua, vt feruentis aquæ contactũ fugere. Qudd ſi in fauces penetrauerit, etiam mori: idq́; maxi- 
mé humaniieiuni oris, Supra Naſamonas confinëſque illis Machlyas, Androginos eſſe vtriuſq́; 
nature, inter fe vicibus coéuntes,Calliphanes tradit. Ariftoteles adijcit, dextram mammam ijs 
virilem, læuam muliebrem eſſe. In eadem Aftica familias quafdam effafcinantium, Ifigonus & 
Nymphodorus tradunt quarum laudatione intereant probata, areſcant arbores,emoriantur in- 
fantes. Eſſe eiuſdem generis in Triballis & Illyrijs, adijcit Iſigonus, qui viſu quoque effaſcinent, 
interimantque quos diutius intueãtur. 104 biens oculis: quod eoruni malum facilids ſen- 
tire puberes. Notabilius effe quéd pupillas binas in oculis ſingulis habeant, Huius generis & 
foeminas in Sythia, qu vocantur Bithyz, prodit Apollonides. Philarchus & in Ponto Thibio- 
rum genus, multofque alios eiuſdem nature ihe notas tradit in altero oculo geminã pu- 
illam, in altero equi effigiem. Eoſdem piętereà non poſſe mergi,ne veſte quidem degrauatos. 
Hand diſſimile ijs genus Pharnacum in Æthiopia prodidit Damon, quorum fudor tabem cõ- 
tactis corporibus afferat. Foeminas quidem omnes vbique viſu nocere, quæ duplices pupillas 
habeant, Cicero quoque apud nos autor eſt. Adeò nature,culm ferarum morem veſcendi huma- 
manis viſceribus irhomine genuiſſet, gignere etiam in toto corpore & in quorundam oculis 

quoque venena placuit: ne quid vſquã mali effet, quod in homine non effet, Haud procul vrbe 
Roma in Faliſcorum agro familiæ ſunt paucæ, quæ vocantur Hirpię: quæ factificio annuo, quod 
fit ad montem Soractem Apollini, ſuper ambuſtam ligni ſtruem ambulantes non aduruntur. Et 
ob id perpetuo ſenatuſconſulto militiæ omniùmqʒ aliorũ numerum vacationem habent. Quo- 
rundam corpore partes nafcuntur ad aliqua mirabiles ſicut Pyrrho regi pollex in dextero pede: 
cuius tactu tlenots medebatur. Hunc cremari cum reliquo corpore non potuiſſe tradunt, con- 
conditumque loculo in templo.Precipue India Æthiopumq; tractus, miraculis ſcatent. Maxi- 
ma in India gignuntur animalia, Indicio ſunt canes grandiores cæteris. Arbores quidem tantæ 
proceritatis tradũtur, vt ſagittis fuperari nequeants Hac facit vbertas ſoli, temperies cœli, aqua- 

rum abundantia (ſi libeat 9 vt ſub vna ficu turmæ condantur equitum. Arundines verd 
tantę proc eritatis, vt ſingula internodia alueo nauigabili ternos interdum homines ferant. Mul- 
tos ibi quina cubita conſtat longitudine excedere: non expuere : non capitis, aut dentium, aut 
oculorum vllo dolore affici, rarò aliatum corporis partium: tam moderato Solis vapore durari. 
Philofophos eorum quos Gymnoſophyſtas vocant, ab exortu ad Occafum præſtare, con- 
tuentes Solem immobilibus occulis: feruentibus harenis toto die alternis pedibus inſiſtere. 
In monte cui nomen eft Milo, homines eſſe auerfis plantis, octonos digitos in ſingulis pe- 
dibus habentes, autor eft Megaſthenes. In multis autem montibus genus ominum capi- 
tibus caninis, ferarum pellibus velari, pro voce latratum edere, vnguibus a. atum venatu & 
aucupio veſci. Horum ſupra centum viginti millia fuiffe prodente fe, Cteſias ſcribit: & in 
quadam gente Indiz, fœminas ſemel in vita parere, genitòſque confeſtim eaneſcere. Item 
hominum genus, qui Monoſceli vocarentur, ſingulis cruribus, mira pernicitatis ad ſaltum: 
eoſdemque Sciopodas vocari, quòd in maiori æſſu humi iacentes refupini, vmbra fe pedum 
Protegant, non longé eos à Troglodytis abeſſe. Rurſüſque ab his Occidentem 3 

quo 


nai montis,regio eſt, quæ 
ra plantis, eximiæ veloci- 
e ad finitimos reges non 
eius menſor prodidit. Pri- 
dierum itinere ſupra Bo- 
cum capillo pro manteli- 
dam glauca oculorum a- 
m itinere dierum x. fupra 
gamenus in Helleſponto 
erpentum ictus contactu 
iam nunc eſſe paucos ibi, 
ca gens Pſyllorum fit, vt 

rtium maiorum eſt. Ho- 


opirent eas. Mos verò li- 


udicitiam coniugum ex- 
. Hæc gens ipſa quidem 
les:genus tamen hominũ 
manent in paucis. Simile 
c ideo ineſſe ijs vim natu- 
num: ferùntque ictas ſa · 
t, etiam mori: idq; maxi- 
Androginos eſſe vtriuſq́; 
it, dextram mammam ijs 
faſcinantium, Ifigonus & 
t arbores, emoriantur in- 
viſu quoque effaſcinent, 
rum maluim facilits ſen- 
beant. Huius generis & 
chus & in Ponto Thibio- 
altero oculo geminã pu- 
eſte quidem degrauatos. 
quorum ſudor tabem cõ- 
re, quæ duplices pupillas 
morem veſcendi huma- 
& in quorundam oculis 


r effet, Haud procul vrbe 


i ſacrificio annuo, quod 
lantes non aduruntur. Et 
acationem habent. Quo- 
i pollex in dextero pede: 
on potuiſſe tradunt, con- 
smiraculis ſcatent. Maxi- 
. Arbores quidem tantæ 
li; temperies cœli, aqua- 


quitum. Arundines verd 


um homines ferant. Mul- 
capitis, aut dentium, aut 
rato Solis vapore durari. 
Occaſum præſtare, con- 
ternis pedibus inſiſtere. 
os digitos in ſingulis pe- 
genus ominum capi- 
ibus a. . atum venatu 8 
ſe, Cteſias ſcribit: & in 
nfeftim caneſcere. Item 
æ pernicitatis ad ſaltum: 
eſupini, vmbra ſe pedum 
his Occidentem verſus 

quoſ- 


S. I. Mandeuii. 


dus diſſectos fole torreartt, atque ita pintm ex his fac ſunt, vt reſert Clitatchus . Tro 


quoſdam ſine ceruice, oculos in humeris habentes. Sunt & Satyri fubfolanis Indorum monti- 
bus (Cartadulorum dicitur Regio) perniciſſimum animal, tum quadtupedes, tum rectè curren- 
tes humana effigie propter velocitatem, niſi ſenes aut ægri, non capiuntur. Choromandarum 


entem vocat Tauron ſilueſtrem fine voce, ſtridoris haitendi,hirtis corporibus, oculis glaucis, 


ntibus Caninis.Eudoxus in meridianis Indiæ viris plantas effe cubitales, fœminis adeò par- 
uas,vt Struthopodes appollentur . Megaſtenes gentem inter Nomadas Indos narium loco fo- 
ramina tantùm habentem, anguium modo loripedem, vocari Syrictas. Ad extremos fines In- 
diæ ab Oriente, circa fontem Gangis, Aſtomorum gentem ſine ore, corpore toto hirtam veſti- 
ri frondium lanugine, halitu tantùm viuentem, & 69640 quem naribus trahant: nullumillis ci- 
bum, nllümque potum: tantum radie um flonimque varios odores & ſylueſtrium malorum, 
quæ ſecum portant longiore itinere, ne deſit olfactus, grauiore paulò odore haud difficulter ex- 
animari. Supra hos extrema in ae montium Spithamæi Pygmæi narrantur, ternas ſpithamas 
longitudine, hoc eſt, ternos dodrantes non excedentes, ſalubri cælo, ſempèrque vernante, mon- 
tibus ab Aquilone oppoſitis, quos à gruibus infeftari Homerus quoq; prodidit: Fama eft,infi- 
dentes arietum, caprarümque dorſis, armatos fagittis,veris tempore, vniuerſo agmine ad mare 
deſcendere, & oua, pullofque earum alitum conſumere, ternis expeditionem eam menſibus 
confici,aliter futuris gregibus non reſiſti. Caſas eorum luto, pennifque, & ouorum putamini- 
bus conſtrui. Ariſtoteles in cauernis viuere Pygmæos tradit. Cætera de his, vt reliqui. Cyrnos 
Indorum genus Ffigonus annis centenis quadragenis viuere. Item Aethiopas Macrobios, & Se- 
ras exiſtimat, & qui Athon montem incolant: hos quidem quia viperinis catnibus alantur, i- 
taque nec Capiti nec Veſtibus eorum noxia corporiineffe animalia. Oneſicritus, quibus in locis 
Indiæ vmbræ non be hominum cubitorum quinum, & binorum palmorum exiftere, 
& viuere annos centupitriginta nec ſcneſcere, ſed vt medio æuo mori.Crates Pergamenus In- 
dos, qui centenos annos excedant Gymnætas appellat, non pauci Macrobios, Crefias gentem 
ex his, quæ appellatur Pandore, in cofluallibus fitam,annos duc enos viuere, in juuenta candido 
capillo,qui in ſenectute nigreſcat. Contra alios Ne non excedere annos, junctos Ma- 
crobijs, quorum fœminæ ſemel pariant ; idque & Agatharchidestradit, preterea locuſtis eos 
ali, & eſſe pernices. Mandrorum nomen ijs dedit Clitarchus & Megaſtenes, trecentõſque eo - 
rum vicos annumęrat. Foeminas ſeptimo ætatis anno parere, ſenectam quadragefsimo anno 
accedere, Artemidorys, in Taprobana inſula longifsimam vitam fine vlſo corporis languore 
traduci Dicis Inden quoſdam cum feris coire,mifto{que & ſemiferos effe partus. In Calin- 
gis eiuſdem Indiæ gente quinquennes concipere fœminas, octauum vitæ annum non excede- 
re, & alibi cauda villoſa homines naſci pernicitatis eximiz,alios auribus totos contegi. Oritas 
ab Indis Arbis fluuius diſterminat. Ii nullum alium cibum nouere,quam ki eg e 
göchytas 

ſupet Rerhiopiam vl ocdabeb eſſe cquis; Pergamenus Crates. Item Aethiopas octona cubita 
Jongitudine excedereSyrbotas vocari gentem eam Nomadum Aethiopum, ſecundùm flumen 
Aſtapum ad Septentrionem ſvregentium. Gens Meniſminorum appellata, abeſt ab oceano di- 
erum itinere viginti, animalium, quę Cynocephalos vocamus, lacte viuit, quorum armenta paſ- 
cit maribus interemptis, præterquam ſobolis cauſa. In Africæ ſolitudinibus hominum ſpecies 
obuiz fubinde fiunt momentõ que euaneſcunt. Hæc atque talia, ex hominum genere ludibria 
ſibi nobis miracula, ingenioſa fecit natura: & ſingula quidem, quæ facit indies, ac propè horas, 
quis enumerare valeat? Ad detegendam eius potentiam, ſatis fit inter prodigia pofuifle gentes. 


This note following, concerning the aide and aſsiſtance of the 

Englifh Marchants, giuen to Ring John the firft of Portugal, for the 

winning of Ceut in Barbarie, which was the firſt occafion of all the Portugall difco- 
tries taken out of Thomas Walfinghams Latine Chronicle. Anno 141 5. 


Ocannio, Ioannes primus Rex Portugallię, fretus auxilio Mercatorum Anglie quam 
maxime,& Alemannorum, vicit Agarenos in terra Regis Betinarinorum, multis eo- 
rum millibus ad generum Cereris deſtinatis: cepitque ciuitatem eorum quam am- 
plifsimam ſupra mare ſitam, vocatam Ceut eonum lingua, 


De fame in Englifh. 


‘Le peere Iohn the firtt king of Poztugal, being principally alfitten by che belp of che Eng: 
lich Parchants aud A lmaines, ouercame the Poozes in the vominion of the Ring of Bare 


141% 


rel, vergentiũ 


80 The voyages and diſcoueries Macham. 
er . 


putting many thoulandg of them to the fwopde, and he tooke their Citie which was very 
1 ſea, which is called Ceut in their language, 


The voyage of Macham an Englifhman, wherein he firſt of any 
nan, diſcouered the Land of Madera, recorded verbatim in the- ‘Portus 
gall hiſtorie, written by Anthonio Galuano. a 

e 3 tHe peere 13 44. Ring Peter the fourthol that name, raigning in Aragon. 

755 Ro she Chhonicles of bis age, nite, chat aboutebia cime the Alamo Madera 8 
berg e ing in 32 degrees, was difcoucred by an Eng lilbman, which was named Ma- 

Karree [oe cham, who ſapling out of England into Spaine, witha woman that he han 


one ſMacham 5 ; l 2 2 
6 Papers Colue,ariued by tempel in that Jland, and did caſt anker in that hauen oz bape 
8 — which nowis called Machico, after the name ol Macham. And becauſe bis los 


uct was ſea ſicke. he went on land wich ſome of his campanie, and the ſhippe with a good winde 
SPacham 4 made ſaile awap, and the woman dicd fo, thought. Macham, which loued her deere ly, built a 
cbappelinae chappell oz heremitage,to burp her by calling ithp the kame of Ieſus, andcaufed his namt and 
Span hers do be witten oꝛ grauen vpon the fone of ber tombe, and the occafton of their arriuall there: 
And after ward he opdained a boate made of one tree, (fo2 there be trees ok a great compaſſe a · 

bout) and went to len in it with thole men that he had, and were left bepinde wich him, and came 

vpon che coat of Affricke, without lalle on gare. And che Mooꝛes which lawwe it, tooke it tu be a 

marueilous thing, and pꝛeſented him onto the King of that Countrep fo2 a wonder, and that king 

alfa fent him and his companions fo a miracle vnto the Ring of Caſtile, 1 
In the peere 1395 Ring Henry the third olthat name ralgning in Caſtile, by the infozmati 
on which Macham gaue ok this Aland, and allo che ſhippe of his contpanie, mooueh many of 

France aud Caftile to goe and to diſcouer it, aud alfo che great Canaria, ee, N 

Jn che peere 1417. King John che ſerond cnigning in Caſtile, and his mother Laie Kathe- 

rine being Regent, one Monſieur Ruben of Bracamont , which was Admiral of France, des 

maunding the conqueſt or the Jlands of the Canaries; with the title ol Ring fo) a kin man of his 
named Monfieur Iohn Betancourt, atet that the Quetne had gtuen him them, aud an in 
be departed fram Siupl with a good armic, Ano thep alkkrme alfo,char the principat cgi duhich 
moned him to this, was to diſcouer the Maud of Madera, tubith Macham had founde, kr, ibidem 
pag · 2. of Anthonio Galuano. . N „ 


Confirmatio treugarum inter Regem Angli¢ Eduardum quar. 
‘tum, Ioannem ſecundum Regem Portugallia, dataruin in oppido montis 


Maioris 8. Februatij, & apud Weſtmonaſterium 13. Septembris, 1482. anrio regni zz. 
Regis Eduardi quarti, lingua Luſitanica ex opere ſequenti excerpta. hice a 


LIBRO DAS OBRAS DE GARCIA DE RESENDE, 
que tracta da vida è᷑ feitos del Rey dom Ioham ſecundo. 
Embaxada que el Rey mandou à el Rey D Inglaterra. Cap. 33. 


“7 1 
7 5 


Daqui de Monte Mor mandonel Rey por embaixadores d el rey dom Dyarte de 

Inglarerra Ruy de Sos ſa peſſia principal 2 demuytobon faber ¢ credito,dé que el 

. Rey muytoconfiana: e bodontor loam d Eluat, ( fernam de pins por fekretarias 

E foram por mar muy honradamente com muy boa companhia: bos que foramen 

nome del vey confirmar as ligas antiquas com Inglaterra, que polla con ican dei- 

lat ho nono Rey de hum reyno ¢ do outro era 3 à mandlar confirmar : ¢ tam- 

bien pers moftrarems ju titolo que el rey tiubis no fenborio de Guinee , pera que depois de vnſto el rep 

Diinglaterra defendeffe em todos feusreynos, que ningnen armaffe nem podeſſe mandar a Guinee: € 

afi mandaſſe desfazer huna armada que pera las faciam per mandado do Duque de (Medina Sido- 

nia hum Ioan Tintam ¢ hum Guilherme fabiam Ingreſet. Comba qualemb al xada el rey D'Ingla- 

terra moſi vm receber grande contentamento : ¢ foy delle com miꝑta honra recebida, e em tudo fex ina 

It, Peiramente ho que pellos embaixadores be foy requerido: de que elles trouxeram ſantenticat efcrituras 

8 arem At diligencias que con pubricos pregones fizeram: e aſſi at prousfones das apromacones que cran necefe 
16 fiat: e com tudo muyto ben acabado, ¢havontade delrey fe vicram. 

7 The 


Macham. 
ire herb mas very 


n he firſt of any 
m in the ‘Portus 


raigning in Zrragon. 
Jland of Madera, fan: 
which was named Ma- 
ha woman that he bay 
in that hauen 02 bape, 
m. And becauſe his lo⸗ 
ippe with a good winde 
ed her deerelp, built a 
nd cauſed his name and 
nok their arriuall there: 
of a great compaſſe a 
de with him, and came 
ſawe it, tooke it tu be a 
& wonder, and that king 


alkile, by the inlozmati⸗ 
pate mcueh many of 
E mother Labte Kathe- 
Admiral of France, de⸗ 
ing oz a kinſman of his 
acdem, aun holpen him, 


be principal cautte dchich 
bau fanny, biden 


duardum quar. 
win in oppido montis 
1482. anno regni 32. 
ta. ‘ - ‘ 4 * 


XESEND E, 
ndo. N 

ap. 33. 
sael r dm Duarte de 
ufaber e credit que el 
mde Pina por 1 5 


P go 


ha: bos quaes foramen 
4, e ican dela 
wandler confirmar : ¢ tama 
que depois de wifto el rep 
effe mandar a Guinee: & 
Duque de Medina Sida- 
bai xada el rey D’Ingla~ 
ecebida, e em tudo fex in- 
ran ſantenticas eſcriturat 
rouagones que cran noceſ⸗ 


The 


1 


Pi ina voyage which 
they were preparing fox Ginnee, 148 1. Taken out of the Booke of the workes of Garci- 


£) Mo afterwards the king ſent as ansbefladours fromthe towne of Montemaior 
to king Edward the fourth of England, Ruy deSoufa,a pincipall perfon,anva 
ma of great wiſedome, and eſtimation, and in whome the Ring repofen great 
\ ry 4. eae dene sae dee n beni rie, on 
' i chey made their voyage by {ea very honozably, being very well accompanied, 
8 1 Tbele men were ſent on the bebalfe of their King, coconfirme the auncient 


X. 


leagues wich ee conditioned,that the new king of the one and of the other of tins amdal⸗ 
ebountdito ſend toconfirme the olde leagues, And like wile they had oꝛder to SP ony 
Keine and make him acquainted with che title which che Ring held in che ſegneurie of Ginnee,to cause. 


kingdome, fouls 
the intent that after the King of England had ſeene the fame , he ſbould gine charge though all 


bis kingdoms chat no man ſhould arme op ſet foopeh (hips to Ginnee: and alſoto requeſt him, that Tbe third 


it would pleale him to giue commanvement co dillolue a certaine fleete, which one lohn Tintam, 
andone William Fabian, Engliſhmen, were mabing, by tommaudement ofthe Duke of Medi- 
na Sidonia, to ge to the afogeſaid partes of Ginnee. Mith which ambaſſage the Ring of Eng⸗ 
Land ſeemed to be herp well pleaſed, and they were receiued of him with very great honour, and 
be condeſcended vnto all that the Emballadours required of him, at whole hands they receauen 
authentitall wnitings of the diligence which they had perfourmed, with publication thereof by 
the heralds: and alfo pꝛouiſoes of thoſe confirmations which were neceffarie, And hauing diſpat⸗ 
chen all things well, and withthe Rings good will they returned home into their countrep, 


The manner of the entring of Solyman the Great Turke, with his 
armie into Aleppo in Syria, marching toward Perſia qgainſt the Great So- 
phie, che fourth day of Nouember, 155 3 noted by Mafter Anthonie Ienkinſon, preſentat 
that time. ie a e 
Here marchen before the Grand Signior,ochertwife callen the Great Curke,6000, El 
peres,otherinife called light hoꝛſemen very braue, clothed all in ſcarlet. 
Afrer, marched 10000, men, called Nortans, which be tributarirsto p Great Turk, 
clothed all in pellow veluet, and hats ol the fame, of the Tartarie faſhion, two foote 
lang, with a great role of the fame colour about their teꝛe heads richly decke, with their bowes in 
their hands, or the Curkith falhion, n 
After chem marched foure Captaines, men of armes, called in Curkilh Saniaques, clothed all 
foure in crimlon veluet, euery one hauing vnder his banner twelue thoufand men of armes well 
armed with their monrtons upon their heads, marching in good onder, with a ſbozt weapon by 
their fives, called in their language, Simiterro. N 
Alter came 16000. Ianizaries called the lance of the Grand Signior, all afoote, euery one has 
ust bis harquebuthe, who be his gerd. al tloched in violet fitke,and ayparelled vpon their beads 
with a france foꝛme, called Cuocullucia, fathioned in this fort: the entring in of the foxebead is 
Uke a ſuull made of white veluet, e bath a traine hanging dowme behinde, in manner of a French 
boode, ol the fame colour, aud 5 77 theforepart of the lade ſkull. ut in che middes of his fozehead 
there is tanding bolt vpꝛight like atrunke of a foote long of fuer, garniſded moſt richely with 
Goldümiths woßke, and precious Tones, and in the coppe of che fatde crunke, a great Bulb of fea 
chers. which wauereth vp and vowne mot lzauely then be martheth. 
After this there tame 1000. pages of honour, all clothen in cloth of golde, the balfeof them 
pin e eA NE their trullesof arvotues, mare 
U Ora Gs \ \ \ : ‘ \ 5 


Then came theee men of armes well armer, and bpon their harnelſe coares of the Curkes fae 
fhion, uk Libard ſkinnes, and nurrions vpon chete heads their ſpeares charged, and at the ende ol 
. —— a bloody colour, which is their enſigne: 
they be the challengers forthe Curkes oe perſon. 

Ader them tame fenen pages ol honour in cloth of luer, von leuen baice bores, wer. 


82 The voyages and diſcoueries Anth.lenkinfon, 
len were ·vuered with cloth of liluer, all embꝛodered and garnithen with pꝛetious ſtoues, eme. 


rayds, diamonds and rubies muſt richly. 

Alter chem allo came ſix mode pages of honour, cloched in cloth ol golde, euery one bauing bis 
nine eee aisha Belen by Bis Ee, 

Immediatlp after them tame the Great Curke hinlelle with great pompe, ¢ magnificence, 
vling in his countenance and getture a wonderfull Maieſtie, having onely on each foe of * 
ſon one page clothed with cloth of golde: he himlelte was mounted vpon a goodly white boric, a» 
homed with a robe of cloch of golde, embꝛodered molke richly with the mol pꝛetious ones, and 
vpon his head a goodly white tuck, containing in length by eltimation fifteene yards, which was 
of filke and linen wouen together, reſembling ſamething Callicut cloth. but is much moze fine 
and rich, and in the tappe of his crowne, a litle pinnach ol white Ditrich teachers, and his hoꝛle 
moſt richly 4 4 in all points coprefpondent to the fame, 

Afeer him followed ltr goodly poung Ladies, mounted vpon fine white hackneis, clothen in 
cloch of fuer, which were of the fathion of mens garments, embꝛodered very richly with pearle, 
and pꝛetious ſtones, and had vpon their heades caps of Golofiniths wonke, hauing great 2 — 
of heare hanging out on each fide, died as red as blood, and che nailes of their fingers dien of the 
fame colour, euery of them hauing two eunuches on each fide, and litle bowes in their hand, 
after an Antike faſhion. a N . 

Alter marchenthe Great Balha,cheete convuctoz of the whole armie, clother wich a tobe of 
Dollymant crimſon, and vpon the fame another ſhoꝛt garment very rich, and about him fiftie Jac 
nizaties e owne gard all clothed in n veluet, being armed as the Great Turks 
otune Janixaries. 

eee cher other Baihas, wich lanes about them, being afoote,co the numberof 
eee thouland men. 

Alter came a companie of hoꝛſemen very laue, and in all pointes well armed, to the mumber 
of fourethouſand. 

All this alone laid armie, mot pompous to be hold, which was in number foure (core, and eight 
thouſand men, euramped about the citte of Aleppo, and the Grand Signior himfelfe was longed 
within the towne, in a goovly caſtle, ſituaten vpon a high mountaine ? at the foote wherert rune 
neth a goodly river, which is a branch of that famous river Euphrates, hay! 

The ret of his armie paſſed ouer che mountaines of Armenia, called nowe the mountaines of 
Camarye, which are foure daies iourney from Aleppo, appointed there to tarie the comming of 
the Grand Signior, with the ref ol his armie, intending to march into Perſia, to giue battell to che 
Great Sophie. Do the whole armie of the Grand Signior, containing as well chofe that went by 

che mountaines, as allo thofe that came to Aleppo, companie with bim, with borfemen ans 
emen, and the condurtoꝛs of the camels and victuals, were the number of 300000, men. 

The camels which caried munition and victuals oz the {aid arntie, were in number 200000, 


Anote of the preſents that were giuen at the fame time in Aleppo to the Grand 
Z ignior, and tbe names ofthe preſentors. 
| Siig Ei cece Acre Sh eA Suen ee 100, garments of cloth of golde, 
aud 25 hes. a 
The Batha of Damafco,pefenten 100. garments of cloth of golde, and twentie hoyſes, 
. 
The ante oo. gariments 20. holes, and a 
. eee eee 
janiaque of Tripolis, pꝛe ö all withſilleers, 20. bones, and aut 
chebeck godde gamien mib previous ttonies,efteemen tone tino bunones buckets, 
Che Conſul ok the compante of the Venctians in Tripolis, came tokille the Grand Signiors 
band and pꝛeſented hima great baton of guide aud therein 4000, buckets Venctians, 
. The fafe conduct or priuiledge, giuen by Sultan Seiya the 
Great Tioke to Master Anthony Ienkinfon at Aleppo in Syrian 
the yeere, 1553. 


nn Solyman, Sc. to all Qiceropes 4 Banisdurg, Cadits, and other dur Bult 
es, Officers, and Subjects of Tripolis in Syria, Conftantinople „ Alexan- 
a in Egypt, and of all other CTohmes, and Cities, onder our Dominion, and 


nth.Lenkinfon, 
ich pretions ſtones, eme⸗ 
lde, euery one hauing bis 


e, magnificence, 
. fine of bis 


0 ae ER pit 
very richly earle, 
e, haulng great kacken 
their fingers died of the 
le bowes in their bande, 
» Clothen with a robe of 
h, and about him fiftie Ja. 
ed as the Great Turks 
afoote to the number of 
ell armed, to the uumber 
hn ara 
or elle was lodged 
at the foote whereol rune 


nowe the mountaines of 


hortes,and a cup of gold, 
des, 20. bores and autle 
nen buckets, 
ulle the Grand Signiors 
$Venctians. 


n par e the 


po in ia in 


tz, and other our Nulli; 
nſtantinople, Alexan- 
er our Dominion, and 

turildio⸗ 


Antb. len hinſon. ; 2 ofthe Englith nation. 3 83 


turildittiou r we will and commaund you, that when por (all fee Anthony lenkinſon, bearer 


all other velſels whatſoeuer, and in fo doing that be may trafficke, bargaine, ſell and buy, lade, 
and vnlade, in all our fozeſnide Countries , landes, and dominions , in like {ore , and with the 
Ihe liberties and pꝛiuiledges, as the Frenchmen and Genetians vle, and iniop, and moꝛe if it 
be pollible, without the hinderante op impeachment of any man. And furthermore we charge 
and commaunde all Giceropes,and Conſuls of the French nation, and of the Genctians , and 
all other Conſuls refident in our Countreps , in what port o2 pꝛouince focuer they be, not to cone 
ſtraine, 02 tauſe to tonſtraine by them, op the ſayde Miniſters and Officers whatſoeuer they be, 
the ſayde Anthony Ienkinſon, o his factor, op bis ſeruants, o7 deputies, oꝭ his marchandife, to 
pay any kinde of conſullage, other right whatſoeuer, of to intermeddle oꝛ hinder his affaires, 
and not to moleſt nop trouble him any manner of way, berauſe our will and pleaſure is, that he 
ſhall not pap in all pur Countries, anp other then our oꝛdinarie cuſtome. And in caſe any man 
hiuder, and imptath him aboue and defines theſe our prefenc letters, we charge pou moſt erpref: 
ly to defende, and ait him againſt the ſapde Conſuls, and it they will not obey our prefent 
tommaundement, that vou aduertiſe vs thereof, that we may take {uch order for the fame, that 
others may take example thereby. Mozeouer, wee commaunde all our Captaines of our Gale 
lies, and their Lieutenants, be they Foyſtes, ox other veſſels, that when they ſhall finde the ſayde 
Tenkinfon, op his factoʒ. his ſhippe oꝛ ſhippes, with his ſeruants, and marchandiſe, that they hurt 
bim not, neyther in bodte nop goods, but chat rather they aſſiſt. aud defend him againſt all ſuch as 
feeke to doe him tones, and that they apde and helye him with victuals, acconding to his want, 
and that wholdeuer ſhall fee theſe pꝛeſents, obey the fame, as they will auoide the penaltie in 
doing the tontrarie: Made in Aleppo af Syria, the peere 96 1. of our holy Prophet Mahomet, ¢ 
in the peeve of Jelus, 1553 sfigned with the ſeepter and ſignet of the Grand Signior, with his 
one proper hande. ; 


The very originall hereof was deliuered me Rich. Hall. by Matter Ienkinſon in the 
Iurkiſh and French tongues. 


A Avoyage made out of England into Guinea in Affricke, atthe 
charges of certaine Merchants aduenturers of the (itie of London, in the 


yeere of our Lorde. 1553. 


é 


— a oN Eing de ſired by certaine of my friends, to make ſome mention of this voyage, 


Sp that fome memopie thereof might remaine to our poſteritie, if either iniquitie of 
time conſuming all things, oz ĩgnozante creeping in by barbarouſnes and con 
OB rent of knowlenge,thoulo hereafter bury in obliuion ſo woꝛthy attempts, fo 
4 much the greatlier to be eſteemen as before neuer enterpziſed by Cuglith men, 


V od at the leat ſo frequented, as at this pꝛeſent they are, and may be, to che great smpition, 


sommobditie of our Merchants if the lame be not hindꝛed by che ambition of ſuch, as fo) the con⸗ 
quering of 40, 02 50. miles here and there, and erecting of certaine foztreſſe a, thinke to be Loops 
of halfe che wozld, enuying that other ſhould enioy the commodities, which they themfelucs can 
hot wholp poſſelſe. And although ſuch as haue bene at charges in the diſcouering e conquering 
or ſuch landes, ought by good reaſon to haue certaine pꝛiuiledges, ꝓꝛeheminences, and tributes 
for the ſame yet (to ſpeake vnder cowection) it may ſeeme ſame what rigoꝛous, and againſt good 
confciencr op rather againſt the charitie that oughe to be among Chuiſtiau men, that 

lach as violently untade the Dominions of other, ſhould not permit other friend tu vſethe trade 
of merthandile · in places neerer o ſeldome frequented of them, wherby their trade is not hindꝛed 
tn ſuch places. where they themlelues haue at their owne election appointed the marteg ol their 
But oꝛaſmuch as at this pꝛeſent, it is not my intent to accuſe o defend, appꝛooue o2 fms 
prooue 


84. The voyages and diſcoueries Vindam. 


Tanz“ 
Salt 


a. 
„ Te ol 
Albin. 
Warbarie. 
Mauritania. 
. 
and ꝙarroctco 


prooue , J will ceaſe to fpcake anp further hertof, and proceeds to the deſcription of the Girt 
popage, as briefly and faithfully as J was aduertiſep of the fame, by the intop mation of Curt) cre, 
vible perlons as made diligent inquifition to knowe the trueth hereof, as much as thal be requis 
ſite, omitting to fpeake ol many particular thinges, not greatly n 
neuertheleſſe, with alſo the exact courte of the nauigatton, hall be moze fully in the 
fecond voyage. And if herein faubur vp friendſhip thal perhays cauſe ſome tochinke that fome 
haue bene (harpelp touched, let them lap apart faudur and frienthip, and gtue place to trueth, 
that honeſt men may reteiue ppatle fo? well doing, and leude perſons repꝛoch, as the iuſt ſtipend 
of their euil deſerts, whereby other may be deterred to doe tle like, aud vertuous men encouraged 
to pꝛoceede in hone attempts. Ju Hy 
Burt that ehele voyages map be mone plainely vnderſtoode of all men, Ane thoughe good 
for this purpole, before J intreate hereok, to make a bpiefe deſcription of Affrica, being that 
great parte of the woꝛlde, on whofe Melt five beginneth the coaſt of Guinea at Cabo Verde, 
about twelue degrees in latitude, on this lide the Equinoctiall line, and two degrees in lon⸗ 
gitude from the meaſuring line, fo running from the Noꝛthto the South, aud by Cat in ſome 
places, within fine,foure, and chnee degrees and a halle vnto the Equinoctiall, and ſo ſoonth 
in manner directly Eatt and by Moreh , for the {pace of thirtie fy. degrees, oz there about, in lone 
gituve from the Ciel to the Ealt, as hall moze plainelp appeare in the vefcriptionof the ſecund 
bopage. 


Abriefe deſeription of Affrike, gathered by Ri- 
chard Eden, 


N Affrica the leſſe are theſe kingdomes : che kingdome of Tunes and Conſtan- 

una, which is at this day vnder Tunes, and allo the region of Bugia, Tripoli, aud 

A Exzah. This part of Affrike is berp barren by reaſon of the great deſerts, as the 

PSX delerts of Numidia and Barcha. The pꝛuntipall poꝛtes of the kin of Tu- 

& i Sq nes are theſe: Goletta,Bizerta,Potofarnia,Boua,and Stora. Che chicte cities of 

tunes, are Conſtantina, and Boua, wich diuers other. Under this kingdome are 

many Jlands as Zerbi, Lampadola, Pantalarea, Limofo, Beit, Gamelaro, and Malta, where at 

this nefent is the great Maſter of the Rhodes. Auder che South of this kingvome, are the great 

delerts of Lybia. All che nations in this Affrica the elle, are of the ſecte of Mahomet, and a tufts, 

call people, lining ſcattered in villages, The bef of this part of Affrike, is Barbaria, lying onthe 
coattof the fea Mediterraneum. b b fi N 

Mauritania (uo called Barbaria) is diuided into two partes, as Mauritania Tingitana, and 

Cęſarienſis. Mauritania Tingitana, is nome callenthe kingdome of Fes, and the kingdome of 

Marrocco. The ꝑꝛincipall citie of Fes, is called Feſſa: and the chiefe citie of Marrocco, ia named 

Mlauritania Cęſarienſis. is at this day called the kingdome of Tremiſen, with alte the citie cal 

led Tremifen 02 Telenfin. This region is full of delarts, and reacheth to the ſen Mediterrane 

um, tothe citie of Oram, with che pozt ol Maffaquiber. The kiugdome of Fes rearheth vnto the 


» Deean ſea from the elt to the citie of Argilla: and the port of the ſayde kingdome is called 


Salla. 
The kingdome of Marrocco is alſo txtended aboue the Ocean fea, vnto the titie ol Azamor 
anv Azafi, which are aboue the Otean fea, towarve the Tet of the laide kingbome. In Mau- 
ritania Tingitana (chat is to fap, in the two kingvomes of Fes, and Marrocco) are in the fea, the 
lands ok Canarie, called in olde time, the fortunate Flandes, Toward the South of this ree 
gion, is the kingdome of Guinea, with Senega, lalofo, Gambra, and many other regions of che 


„ blacke Boores,callen Aethiopians, q Negros, all which are watered with the riuer Negro, tal⸗ 


len in olde time Niger. In the ſaid regions are no cities, but onely certaine lo we cottages made 
ok boughes of trees plattered with chauke, and couered with ſtrawe. In theſe regions are alſo 
very great deſerts. 

The kingdome of Marrocco hath vnder it theſe ſeuen kingdomes: Hea, Sus, Guzula, the ter: 
ritopie of Marrocco, Duchala, Hazchora, aud Telde. The kiugdome of Fes hath as many: as 
Fes, Temeſne, Azgar, Elabath, Errifi, Garet, and Elcauz. The kingdome of Tremiſen hath theſe 
regions: Tremiſen, Tenez, and Elgazaet, all which are Machometiſtes. Bit all the tegions of 
Guinea are pure Gentiles and idolatrous, without profellion of an religion, oꝛ other knowledge 
ef God, chen by the lawe of nature. ae 

en 


ens FT baue thou 

of Affrica, . — 
Guinea at Cabo Verde, 
and two degrees in lon⸗ 
outh, aud by Catt in ſome 
quinoctiall, and ſo forth 

ces, op there about, intone 
e deſcription ot che ſerond 


d by Ri- 


e f Tunes and Conſtan- 
ion of Bugia, Tripoli, aud 
of che great deſerts, as 
es ol che kingvame of Tus 
Stora. The chicte cities of 
Under this hing dome are 
slaro, and Malta, where at 
kingdome are the great 
eof Mahomet, and a tuſti⸗ 
„ is Barbaria,lping onthe 


auritania Tingitana, and 
Fes, andthe kingdome of 
ie of Marrocco, i8 named 


fen, wich alto the vitie cal 
tothe fea Mediterrane- 
nc of Fes reacheth vnto the 
apbe kingdome is called 


vnto the citie ol Azamor 
aide kingdome. In Mau- 
rrocco) are in the fea, the 
ard the South of this ree 
map other regions of che 
with the riuer Negro, tal⸗ 
taine lowe cottages made 
Inchele regions are alſo 


Hea, Sus, Guzula, the ters 
of Fes hath as many z as 
ne of Tremiſen hath theſe 
s. Butt all the regions of 
igion, o other knoboledge 


Affrica 


Vindam. 


ande 
fan 
per partisnints called Barharte, umthe people 


ot the Englith nation. | 


at, is one of the three partes st pa yr ng on ſeueredſiom A- pani tye 


bp che riuer Nilus, on the IUeſt, from Curope 


Che 


the pillers of percules, The bo” 


part is called Libya and E- 


85 


Moodes. 
Gepa: Afrike the leſle, is in this wife bounded: On the (Lick it hach Numidia: On the Calk eattriche spe 


eee: : Duthe Moth 


be Eaſt five of Africke, beneath the red{ea, vwelleth che great aud mightie Emperour and 


Some bunte shat the king of Podtinga 
. wat ewe, and reacheth larre into Afrike to ward Egypt and Barbar 
rie, Mouthward it confineth with the fea toward the Cape de Bona Speranza: and ou the other Cape de Bona 


* with the ſea ol ſand called Mare de Sabione, a very 


5 


hath vnder him many other kinges both Chridian and 
ver kane is called Dauid the Emperour of Ethiopia. 


fenveth tim peerelp eight ſpippes 


laden with marchandtze. 


tie of Alcayer, 02 Cairo in Egypt, and the countrep ot — Ju the which way are many vn yi 
habitable befarte, continuing loz the ſpace of fue 9 
Chistian Emperour were not hindered by thole inthe which 


eipeciallpof ar be iwoult oz now haue inuaded the kingdonte 


Andthey affirme, that if the Gin 
is great lacke of victuals, and 
of Egypt. and the citieof Alcayer 


the ſta talled Mediterraneum. In this country wasthe uoble citie of **- 


Carthage. 


Chiittian vs pete ote tell — tn tote bopogenn Calicut. Vis dor Putter opr, 
mimiong reach very farre on 


peaentbac pap bm tba 


fea, lying betweene the great cir he tea ot 


(and, 
Alcair. 


Chechieke citie of Ethiopia, tehere this great Emperour is reldent is called Amacaiz, bring a — 
citie, whole inhabitants are of the colour of an Oliue. There are alſo many other cities, ag t he citie 
A che riuer of Nilus, where the Emperour is accutomed to rematne in the Bommer 


ſeaſon. There is llkewiſe a 
che Queene ot Saba cane to 


kat titie named Barbaregaf, nd Aſcon, from wbente it is ſaid that 
ruſalem to heare the wiſedome of Salomon. This citie is but ties 


le pet very faire, and one of thechiefe cities in Ethiope. In the lad kmgdome is a prouince called 


oe 


man, wip for bie citer in fatling; being al well an expert 
of Podtingall, 


time in great faudur wich the king 


pind goodly thippes, the 


The 5 Wg to ‘Gina, ddd Benin. 


2 de per of em Kohm 1553. sHertweltth Dap bf Augun, fatten from Bwch⸗ 
( enn Lin, tt pel clip ce the che 


tin fall, bonne ina tone uatrentht Poze of 


Manicongo, twhofe king is a oope,and tributarte to the Emperour of Ethiope. In this pouince Maricongs. 
mmie exceeding hi 


a mile, diſcreet, and 


and Guinea, 
a inthoſe parts, 


e i eee eee But as fortune in mauer neuer 
te flarcererh neuter promiſech but 


dittuns, wich vercues Few oz none adened. 


‘ satin et —— 


ir But firſt capraine Wiadam, 


deceiueth, neuer raiſith but caſteth done againerand as ar 


companions emulatiou andenmie, he was after many aduerſi⸗ 
ties und quarels made againſt him infozeed to come into England: whert in this golden voyage he 
was cuil matched with FFC qualities ¢ con: 


ue ee done ee like 1 re failed Fan theytame tothe Nands 


e 


Minmoſe ge 
NW oome, betsy all Mell fienathen aftuel weh men of the luſtiett ir to the number The ound 
H. of feudn (cote,nd alſb müth droite ann bictuagrenuiſte do ſucha bopage: be 
uing allo tivo captatmesthe one ſtranger, rale Rntony Anus 23 Pinto 


pilot as a politike captaine, —.— 
und to whemthe coaſtes of 
werꝛ tommitted to be kept from the Frenohmen, ti whomibe was a cer on the 


Wlaſſie. 
@unwa,. 


Se fan 


nes lo the .. — 
Gatien of cheking of Potingall, full 


. cotans — — 


Ge 


Ee 42 een n A rr 11 cablell of 
3 — N 01132 2 


ofoinanres vet fieclyad coul not 


ikit had / attempted to wind — garen 
eee not onelp tu let and interrupt thefeour ſhippes af pine fig 
parte; but all other that ſhould aceenipe chelthe::perchictlp darn bre 


Alter ™ 


8 


a 


86 The voyages and difcoueries Wyndam. 


ter that our ips de parted from the Illand of Madera foywardon thetrvopage, began this 

— spate os fozow,as a man topmented with the company of a terrible yd, who 

ditherto flattered nuth hum. x made him a faire councenance and ſhew of louie. Then did he cake vpon 

him to command all 6 Pinteado, and the reſt of the merchant 

faccoys : ſametimen with opprobpious wopdes and fornecimes with theatnings, molt ſhamefulip a· 

buluig them, taking from — che Crruee of the boies and certaine mariners that were afligs 

ned him by the onder and direction of the tworthipful merchants, anb leauing him as a common ma: 

riner, which isthe greatelt deſptte and griefe that can beto a gale 0) Dypaniard, to bee dimi⸗ 

he Merde nillt their honour, which they etteeme adoue all riches, Thus failing forward on their botage, chey 
came to the Allands of Canarie,concinuing their courte frö thence vntill they arriue dat the Tfland 
21 of &.richolas, where they bictualed thẽlelues with krelh meatr of the eth of wild goates, wher 
of is great plentie in that Illand and in maner of nothing els, rum hence folo bing on their courte 

andtarying bere and there at the delart Allands in the way, becaufe they would not come totimely 

Gaines. bu the tountrey of Guinea for che heate and tarping ſomewhat too long (for what can be well mini 
fired in a common wealth, where inequalitie with tyyanmie will rule alone )they came at the length 

de rtuur ot to the lirſt land of the countrep ol Guinea, where they fell with the great riuer ol Seſto where they 
Selle. migbe lo their merchandizes hau laden chett hips with the gratnes of that counsrep,tubich isa ve: 
Stine rp hote fruite, and much like vnto a lig as it growethan the tree. Foz as the fig are full of mall 
ſeedes ſo ix the ſaid fruit full of grames, which are looſe within the cod, hauing in the midſt thereol 

a hole on euery five, Chis kind ol ſpice ia much wien in cold countreis, maythere be fold for great 
avuantace,for erthange of other wares. Hut our men by che perfwafion o) rather inkoztement of 

Che tpirtt of Seren ae eee of the fine 
gol. goldthepthirſted. failed an hundyed leagues futter · until hey came to the golden lands where not 
Che Cale of attempting to come neere the Caftell pertaining to the king ol Pontingall. which was within the ri: 
spine. uerol Mina, ::... ASB oOo were 
lk. t to the quancitte of an hunmed and fiftic poundsinaight, there being in cafe chat they mighe haue 
diſpatched alle heir were fop gulde il the tue hyne of Wyndam had, opcouto haus given care 

tothe eee Jortuben that: 9 not ſatiſſied withthe gold 

2 e mya ei sn Benin binge a an 
teado (to 10 enip, n 
dültt eee 1 


cares, an 
menen 
the rollia which is their 
— bee eee pratt quale hee e cose tte bed ave 
Seorcping „ ofthe ſunne uuhich tauft themta linger iu the 


Lan. bk fopte and not of will ougbt hethe Shipped helme the riuer o Benin; where riding at an ‘eng 


ſenttheir pimelle vp iuto theriucs ſiſtir oz threcicore leagues, frõ whence tertaine of che merchants 

Franeitu. with Captaine Pinteado, Frunciſco a Naringale, Nichola Lambert gentleman, and other met: 

tcolas J277SVV0V0VꝙV0õ6560—oC herein dean bear 9-4 

Eheking ot hen they came ahey wete buught wich a great cumnpany ta tbepꝛeſence of the king who being a 

? Aae nnen ee p, lunge wide, thats made of 

karth without windo wen h role of thin boafbe og in linden places icke ttolouers ta bet in p aire, 

Menerence tos And here to ſpeakte of the great reuerenct they giue to their king, it is ſuch. that ik wee would 

ward the kung. glue as much to piers e e e e 
einen pe and impietie. 

N . — — neuer locke bim inthe fare, 

but lit coming, as we bpon ov knees. ſa ee ie ee theit 

eee, ie ee nd when 


i with lie reueten gt. or 
staat cman see ie nds 
You 


petrvopage, began this 
ol a terrible ydza, who 
. Then did he take vpon 
the reſt of the merchant 
ngs, mot ſhame fully ae 
nariners that were aflig: 
g bim as a common ma: 
Dypaniard, to bee dani. 
ard on their botage, they 
ep artiuedat the Ifland 

of wild goates, tubers 
olowing on their courſe 
ould not come totimely 
what can be well mints 
ie ca at the length 
juer of Seſto, where they 
tcountrey, which is a ve. 
the figs are full of mall 
uing in the midi thereof 


in compariſon of the fine 
golden lads where net 


mmanding the ſaid Pin- 


theyn 

mage, 2 the fain 
whozeſon Cs 
bntiſhe dor mt, J il 


g ſuch, that ik wee would 
manp plagues tabieh we 


uer looke him inthe fare, 


Wyndam. 


Vindam. of the Engliſn nation. 87 
——— 24 —œ.U . — 
pou (hall ſtru prinerfaud that he bimlelfe could ſyealis the atugule tongue, which he bod lear: Kye comum⸗ 


nic ation bes 


then 
daily foz much ing him furthernue te rememb 
great pꝛayſe annere out tne hep cane pꝛolperoully, ait tite thame ofthe 


deſire 


Ras 
3 


Princesnd molt vilely ven, amo er 


; inteabo 
to Guinea; But as | ae ana 


vpon malicions in: Soe mente * 


fit pert 
naten or 


h. li. The 


88 The voyages and difcomenes Windam, © 


The copie of Anthonie Anes Pinteado his letters patents, wherby 
the king o Portingall made him knight of bis baal after all bis troubles and 


im 4 7040 which, by wrong) information made sot xing he had ſuſteined of long 
pad being at the laſt tence Hise knowen om ifltedto the king by a gray 
frier the kings Confeſſor. 


[etn gr engere res Desi one of mpcountell, and ouerſeer of 
imp boute, that in conſideration of the alee 9 . er shag 

Anes, Dtvelling in the totune called to 
— 4. — in penfion ſeuen hundꝛed reis monethly, andeuery 


ee according tu the oꝛdinance on 

Zinn Houle, Ppouiding al wayes that receine . aft nb chal n fr Leth me 
dun a baden a, that che time tobich is excepted inourepdinance, fubidding luch men to matry lz gettin du 
e akin ti in this allowance, which is e eee ee fo' 

firtt expired befone he do marty. J therefore command pou to caufe thisto be eutrer in ph 

the bookecallen the Matrculaof our boule smvex cherie ofknghes And when it is fo entred, fat 

let the clarke of the Matricula, ſo the certeintie thereof, write on the backefive ofthis Aluala,o pac 875 

tent. the number of the leafe wherein this our grant is ent red. Thich vone get him returne this wi wi 

ting vnto the fait Anthonie Anes Pinteado td his warrant. the 

IDiego Henriques haue witten this in Almarin the twenty and two day of September, in the at 

peereofout Loyd 1551. Andthis beneuolencethe king gaue vnto Anthonie Anes Pinteadothe on 

twentie and fine eee a 

sad Rey. we 

The fernere deplaration writen vnder the 12 

kings grant. ai. 

mo 


Ven Maieſtte hath ange de a e te good ſeruite of Anthonie A- 
nes Pinteado, delling in the fore — — John Anes, to make him knight of your houſe, 
e cari reis pen gene, 

8 


Faro de di guera. 


Thec copie of the letter of Don Lewes the infant, and brother to the 
“Ring of Portingall, fent into England to Anthonie ‘Anes Pinteado. 


Ante 2 Anes Pinteado tne et i kb eee, 


trep, whe ak ek ——— 
— vou may freelp and wirhont all 1 — aks 
Force . f , ˖ a eee 
pour conmentation and ety pour ite. Bur aula} Bers Goulet 
to paſle, will vo alt chat lietij n 
further derlaration her 


weren. Ann. 1552. 


The infant Don Lewis. 


ble 
Emigze bane lewen then 


be 


Windam, © 
patents, wherby 
all his troubles and 


e had ſuſteined oflong 
dto the king by a gray 


counfell, and ouerſeer of 
s Pinteado, the ſoume of 
4 will and pleaſure is, ta 

eis monethlp, andeuerp 
ng tothe opdinance of my 
dthis alfo in ſuch conditi⸗ 
o matry fop getting luch 
ter the making of this pas 
caufe thisto be eutred in 
And when it is fo entred, 
eſide ofthis Aluala,op pas 
ot him returne this torts 


dap of September, in the 
onie Anes Pinteadothe 


ler the 


dd ſeruite of Anthonie A- 
: of pour boule, 


he ſpate of fire 
e Wehe Moka 


d. 


ind brother to the 
nes Pinteado. 


rn in Lisbone the eight 


4 4, 


enn Nicholas Liele, wlth 
ea. But nottuthitanbinig 


An the oeheak part there is a bight oz bap ag oT were a 
3 


Nobert Cainſb. ol the Englith nation, | 


The fecond voyage to Guinea, fet out by Sir George Barne, 
Sir Joba Yorke , Thomas Locke, and Edward (aſtehn, in the 
yeere 1554. 


SH inthe fir vopage J haue declared rather the oder of the hyſtozie, then the 
courſe ot the nauigat ion, thereof at that time J could haue no perfect infoymati: 
on: ſo in the dilcription of this ſerond vopagt, my chiefe intent hath beene to 
ſhew the courſe of the ſame, accoꝛding to the obferuation and opinarp tuſtome of 
the Marmers, and as J receiued it at the hands of an expert Pilot, being one of 
the chiefe in chis voyage, who alſo with his owne hands wrote a hefe deglarati⸗ 


89 


onokthe fame, as he found and tried all things, not by coniecture. hut by the art of ſailing, and inſtru : 


ments petteining to the mariners facultie. Hot therefoꝛe ſſuming to my ſelfe the commendations 
due vnto other neither lo bolde as in any patt to chuige oz other wife diſpole the oꝛder of this vopare, 
fo well oblerued by art and experiente, J haue thought good te let fooꝛth the fame, in ſuch fore am 
phrate ok ſpeech as is commonly vſed among them, and as J receiued it ok the laid Pilot, as J haue 


laid. Cake it therefore as followeth. 


Ju the peere of our Loyd 1554. che eleuenth dapok October, we departed the riuer or Thames robert asain 
wich thper goodly chippds che one callenthe Trinttie a hip ofthe burden of feuenteoye tunne, the a: wae mater 


cher called che Bartholomew, a ſhtppe ofthe burdrnokninctie, the third was the Tohn Eunügelitk, euangrin, 


a ſhip ok leuen {cope tune. IMlith the ſaid ſhippes and two pinneſſes (thereof the one was dꝛowned 


vonthe coat of England) we went fozward on our voyage, and ſtaidat Douer foureteene dapeg, 


We ſtaid alſo at Nie thꝛee op foure dapes , Moꝛeouer laſt of all we touched a: Dartmouth. 

The firk day of Nouember at nine ok the cloche at night, departing from th. aſt of England, 
ve fet of the Start bearing Southwelt all that night in the ſea, and the next day all dax andthe next 
night after, vntil the third day of the ſaid moneth about noone, making our way good, did runne tees 
ſcoze leagues, N 
N e twelue of the locke the third day, till twelue of the clacke the fourth day of the ſayd 
moneth making our way good Southek, did runne euery three houres two leagurs, which amoun⸗ 
eth to lixteene leagues the whole. ast ae 
Item fed twelue of the clockethe fourth dax to twelue of the clocke the lift day, running South⸗ 
weit in the ſea, did rue :welue leagues. a 
Temfromtwelue of che clocke ehefitt day, vntill tweluu of the clocke the lit dap, running 
Southealt. did runne eighteene leagues, Al „ 

And ſo from twelue of the clocke the fit Dap, vntill tweluꝛ ofthe clocke the ſeuenth day, running 
Southſdut h welt. did run euery houre two leagues, which amount to eighteene leagues the whole. 

Item from twelue ofthe clocke the ſeuenth dap, till chee ofthe clocke the eight dap, Spouchfourhe 
wet running in the ſea, did runne thirtie leagues. 

Item from ehyee ofthe clocke the eight dap vntill ehyec ofthe clockethe ninth day running South) 
ſouthweſt, did rue thirtie leagues. . 

Item frd thꝛee okthe clocke the ninth day, till tree of the clocke the tenth day, in running South: 


ſoutheaſt in the ſea, did run the ſumme of foure and twentie leagues. 


Alto from tlyee of the clocke the tenth day, vntill twelueokthe clacke the eleuenth day, did runne 


Southſouthweſt the ſumme of twelue league, ¢ from twelue of the clocke, till fire of the ſaid day, 


did runnt fire leagues. . 
Running South and by welt in the fea, from ſixe of the clocke the eleuenth, till lixeoftheclocke 


thetwelft day, did runne fire and thirtie leagues. N 


8 
From fire of the clocke at after noone the rwellt day, till fire ok the clocke the thirteenth dap at 
alter no one, did runne thirt eene leagues. a 
Item krom fire of the clockethethirteenth dap til fire of the docke the foureteenth day after noone, 
we were becalmed, chat we could lie Southwelt with a ſaile. And the fifteench dap in the morning, 


the winde cameto the Eat and Ealtnoꝛtheaſt. 


The ſeuenteenth dap in the moming, we had light of the ille ol Madera, which doth riſe to him expe tte of 


that cynnmeth in the Monthnopeheatt part vpꝛight land in the welt part okit, and very high: and to 


the Southfouthcatk a low long lanv, and a long point, with a ladvle tho w the mivdett of it, lan 
ding in two aid thirtie degrets : and in the Mere part, many Frings of water ring do wne 
tothe 
tagged, if ydu may (ee it, and 

ow: Alſo in ne 


from the mouutaine, and mmy white fieldes like vnto come fieldes , and ſome white hou 
Doutheat part of it: and the coppe of che mountaine ſheweth v 


89 The voyagesind difcoueries Robert Gainfh, | 


thereis a tochs o lite diftance fromche foe , andouer the ſaid bight, pou thall ice a great gap in the 
mountaine. . a 
Se iNe of The ninteenth day attwelue of the locke, we had ſigttof heile of Palmes and Teneriffa and 
mente. the Cate A Tile of Palme riſeth round, andlieth Southeatt and Month wettand he Nor 
Che Canaries. west patt islowell, Inthe South is a round hill ouer the head land, and an other round hill abaue 
Sezen chat in che land. There are bet were the Southenũ part of the ifle af Madera aud the athweſt 
Balm pat of the illeof walnee ſeuen and fiftie leagues. Chis ile of Palme lieth ia nine andtwentte de. 
"gees, And our courte from Madera tuthe ie of Palme was South and South and by Ale o 
that we had fight of Teneriffa and ofthe Canaries. Che Douthea part okthe ille of Palme, ¢ the 
of Teneriffa, lieth Southealt ¢ Moph well, ¢ berwernethem are twenticlergues, 
Grancanavia,. Teneriffa andthe great Canarie, called Grancanaria, and the Ileſt part of Forteuentura ſtaideth 
Tertdanb ef in feuen andewentie degrees and a halfe. Gomera is a faire illand but beryragged. o lieth Met. 
Comea (outhwett off Tencriffa, And whotoeuce will come betwerne chemn tuo illand mutt come South 
and by Call, and in the South part of Gomera is a tomne and a good rode in the ſaid part of the 
Cenerifte, illand: and it ſtumethin twentie and {eum degrees and ther terces. Teneriffa is an high land, and 
Snowe, a great high pthe, itkea ſuger loafe: and vpon the laid pikeis ſuow thꝛoughout all the whole peere. 
And by reafon of that picke it may be kno wen abour all other tflands, and there we were beralmted 
the twentith bap of Nouember, from fire ofthe clocke in the moꝛning, vuitill foure of the clocke at af 
ter noone, 
Che two and twentich day of Nouember, vnder the Tropike of Canter, the Sunne gocth 
downe Cet and by South. Upon the cuaſt of Barbarie ſiue and twentie leagues by Noth 
Ide caan ot Cape blanke at three leagues off the maine, there are fifteene kadames, and good ſhelly ground, and 
Cape ble, lub among, and no Hreanes, andtwo fall (lands ſtanding in the two anptwentie degrees and 
a terte. 
From Gomera to Cape de las Barbas is an hundzed leagues, and our courſe was South 
and by Eat. The ſaid Cape ſtandeth in two and twentie and a halfe: and all chat coaſt is flatte, 
firteene 0} ſeuentene fadome-Deepe . Seuen oz eight leagues off from the riuer de Oroto Cape 
de las Barbas, there vſe many Spanpardes and Poztingals to trade foꝛ filbing. during the mo⸗ 


nethok Moucmber ¢ and all chat coat is very low lands. Allo we went from Cape de las Bar- 


bas Bouthlouthweſt, and Southweſt and by South, till we bought our ſelues in tweutie dee 
grees anda halle, reckoning our felues ſeuen leagucsoff and that was the leaſt (holes of Cape 
anke. f 45 f 

Then we went South, vntill we bwught our ſelues in thirteene degrees, reckoniug our ſelues 
She crainers kwentie and Aue leagues off, Aud interne degrees, we did reare the Crofliers,and we might baue 
: " reared them fooner if we had locked fz chem. They are not right a croſſe in the monethof Nouem⸗ 
ber by reaſan that the nights are ſhontthere. Neuertheleſſe we hadthe fight of them the nine ¢ twen 
tith day of the laid moneth at night. 
The firk of December being in thirteene degrees, we fet our courſe South and by Calf, one 
the fourth day of December attinelue of che locke the fame day. Chen we were in nine degrees ¢ 
aterte, reckaning our ſclues thirty leages ol the ſholes okthe riuer called Rio Grande, being Nell 

ſouthwelt of them: the which ſholes be thirtie leagues long. 
The fourth ol December, we began to fet our courſe Bout healk, we being in fire degrees and 


a halle. 

The ninth day of December we ſet our courſe Eaſtſoutheaſk: the foureteenth dap of the fain 
moneth we fee out courte Eat, we being in flue degrees and a balle, reckoning our ſelues thirtie aud 
fire leagues from the toaſt of Guinea. g 

The nineteench ot the laid moneth, we fer our courſe Catt and by Noꝛth, reckoning our felues 
ſeuenteene le diſtant from Cape Menſurado, the laid Cape being Caſtnoztxaſt of vs, and 
the riuer ol Se o being Calt. 

The one and twentich day of the ſaid moneth. we fell with Cape Menſurado to the Southeaſt, 
about two leagues off. This Cape map be eafily knowen, by reafon the riling of it is lite a or 
pote head. Alo towatd the Mouth utt chere are thyre trees, whereof the Eattermatt tere is the 
bigbell. aud the middlemolt is like a hie ſtacke. x the Southermolt Icke vnto a gibet: and vpon the 
maine, are foure op fine high hilles rifing one after another like round hommockes oz hillocks. And 
the Spourheattof the tinee trees, nandiern\uile s and all the coat along is white fand. The Laid 
Cape ſtandeth within a licle in ſite degrees. 

he tino and tweutich af December, we came to the riuer o Seſto, and temainen there vntill 
the nine and twentith day ofthe ſaid monerh . Here we thnughtit belt to lend beloꝛe vs the pinnelle 
a te 


28A ge) 


Robert Cainſb. 
all ſee a great gap in the 


almes and Teneriffa and 
dunthweſt, and the Month. 
an other round hill abaue 
dera aud the Noth welt 
ia nine andtwentie dee 
South and by Welk, 
okthe ille ol Palme, e the 
gem are twentie leagues. 
bf Forteuentura, ſtandeth 

vragged. o lieth Met. 
ands muſt come South 
de in the ſaid part of the 
riffa is an high land, and 
but all the whole yeere. 
there we were becalmed 
foure of the clocke at al 


ncer , the Sunne gocth 
entie leagues by Noꝛth 
brood ſhelly ground, and 
andtwentie degrees and 


our courſe was South 
and all chat co aſt is flatte, 
he riuer de Oroto Cape 
I during the moe 
t from Cape de las Bar- 
our ſelues in twentie bes 
the leaſt holes of Cape 


eed, reckoning our ſelues 
ſliers, and we might haue 
in the moneth of Nouem⸗ 
t okthem the nine ¢ twen ; 


Douth and by Ealt, will 
e were in nine degrees ¢ 
io Grande, being Meſt⸗ 


being in lire degrees and 


fouretcenth day of the ſald 
ing our lelues thirtie aud 


th. reckoning our felues 
| Calnortyealt of vs, and 


furado to the Southeaſt, 
he riſing of it is like a o/ 
the Ealtermult tree is the 
nto a gibet: and vpon the 
mockes op hillocks. And 
is white ſand. The fain 


and remainen there vntill 
eee 


Robert Daub. : 


ofthe Engliſh nation. 
tothe riuer Dulce, calied Rio Dulce, that they might haue the beginning of the market befoze 
tbe comming of the John Fuangeliſt. j3 0 
Qttberiucref Seſto, we havacunneofgraines . Chis riner ſlandeth in ſ xe degters, lacking a 
terce. Frunthe riuer of Seſto tu Rio Dulce, xe fiue andtwentie leagues. Rio Dulce ſlandeth in Che riner ur 
fiue degretsand a helfe. The luer of Sefto is eaſie tabe knowen, dy reaſon there is a ledge of A Pu 
rockes un the Mouthealt part of the Rude. And at the entring into the hauen, are ſiue m fire trees 
that beart no lenucs. This ia a god harbopotu,but berynarom at the entrante into the riuct. There 
is alſo a tocke in the hauen mouth right as pou enter. And all that contt berweene Cape de Mon- Cape de 
te, nd cape de las Palmas, lieth Southeaſt and by Catt, Moythweſt e vy Ile, being ther leagues ™™* 
offthe lade. Aud pou thall haue in ſome plates rocks two leagus off: and that betweene the tiuer 
al Seſto anv cape de las Palmas. ö 5 ? Fgape de las 
‘Ber tntene the riuer of S eſto and the tiuer Dulce are fine and twenty leaguen s aud the bigb land e. 
that is betwerne them both, is called Cakcado, being eight leagues from the riner of delto. And Kpetandet 
to the Southeaſtward of it, is a place called Shawgro, and an other called Shyawe op Shauo, ee 
where vou may get freſh water. Olk this Shya we lietha ledge of rocks: andto che Southeaſt, Hbauo, 
ward, licth a herland called Croke. Betweene Cakeado and Croke, are nine op ten leagues. To croke, 
the Doutheatt ward off, is a harboꝛom called faint Vincent: Right ouer againſt faint Vincent, ix Sant wine 
arocke tuber the water, two league and ahalfe offthe ſhoꝛe. To the Sourheaittnard ofthat roche am. barber 
pou ſhall fee an illand about thee 02 foure leagucs off: this illand is not paſt a league olfthe ſoꝛe. 
Cothe Ealtſoutheaſt of the illand, ia a rocke chat lieth aboue the water, and by thatrocke goeth in 
the riuer Dulce, which vou ſhall know by the ſaid riuer and rocke. The Month welt {ide of the has Cherie 
uin is fat ſand andthe Southeaſt ſide therol, is like an illand, anda bare plat without anp trerx and r. 
bois tut in any other place, ue 
Guthe Rove, pou ſhall rive in thitteene op fouretrene fadomes good otues ¢ ſand being the marks 
of che Rode to Lying the ifland and the Nopeheatt land together, and here we ankered the laſt of Dee 


tember. 

Thethird day of Tamurie, we came fromthe rater Dulce. ö a = 

Nute that cape de las Palmas, ig a faite high land, hit fome lot places thereofby che water {ite gave te las 
fooke like red cliften with white ſtrakes like bie apes; a table length a piere, annthis is tu the Caſt Nm. 
pntof the cape. This cape is the Bouthermolt land in all the coat of Guinea, ¢ Mander) in foure Samen 


and a terte. 

Ee coat from Cape de las Palmas to Cape Trepoyntes, og Tres Puntas, is faire and cleare 
without rocke oꝛ other danger. mel. b 

Cwentie and fiue leagues from Cape de las Palmas, the land is higherthen in any place, vntill 
ve come to Cape Trepoyntcs. Andabout ten leagues before pou come to Cape Trepoyntes, the 
land riſeth ſtill higher and higher, vntill pou come to Cape Trepoyntes. Alfo before pou tome to 
the ſaid Cape, after other ſiue leagues to the Noꝛthweſt part of it, there is certaine bꝛoken ground, 
with too greatrockes, and within them inthe bightoka bay, is a caftell called Arra, pertetning to Chr caſtel of 
the king of Poxringall. Dow thall know it by the ſaid rockes that lie off it: fox there ts none {uch Ara. : 
from Cape de las Palmas tu Cape Trepoyntes. This coaſt lieth Calk and by auth, Wettand 
by South, From Cape de las Palmas to the ſaid taſtell, is fourefcoye and ſiſteene leagues. And 
che coatt lieth from the fain caftell to the TTieſtermolt point ol Trepoyntes, Woutheaſt and by 
South, Northweſt and by Month. Allo the IMeſtermoſt point of Trepoyntes, is a lom land, 
lying halfe a mile out in the ſea: and vpon the inuermoſt necke to theland ward, is a tukt of trees, 
and chere we ariued the eleuenth bap of January. ö 

Che twellt day of Jamarp, we came to a towne called Samma i Samua, being eight leagues ce tomne ot 
from Cape Trepoyntes toward Caſtuojtheaſt. Betweene Cape Trepoyntes and the towneof Samma. 
Samua, is a great lenge of rockes a great way out in the fea, Me continued foure Daves at that 
tomne, and the taptaine thereof would needes haue a pledge a ſhoꝛe. But when they receiuedthe ee 
pledge cheykept bim till and would traffickeno mode, but thot off their opdinance atus. They haue Was fr Soba 
two 07 nee pieces of opdiname and no more, 7125 Poike brs 


She 


— 


we were ateighteene 
terces, we had the winde at Cat and Ealtnoꝛthealt, and ſometimes at Eaſtſoutheaſt: and then we 
reckoned the illands of Cape verde Eaſtſoutheaſt of vs, we iudging our felues to be eigbt and fors 
tie leagues olf. And in twentie andone and twentie degrees, we had the winde moze Cafteripto 
che Bouthwardchen befoze! Andſo we ran ta the Nonhwelt and Wopthnoyth wetland fomerimes 
Noꝛth and by Tet and North, vntill we came into ane and thirtie degrees, where we reckoned 
our ſelues a hundged and foureſcoze leaguts / Vauthwelt and by Souch ofthe illand de Flore, q de 
Jos Flores, andthere we met with the winde ar Souchfoutheatt and let our courte Nathealt. 
Gn chee andtwentie degrees, we had the winde at the South and Wouthwelt, and then we fet 
our courte Moth noꝛtheaſt, aud ſo we ran ta foztie degree, and then we {et our courſe Natheaſt, 
the wind being at che Bouth welt, and hauing the Ille de Flores Catt of bs, and xvii. league of. 
An che one and fortie begets, we mit wich the wind at Nat healk, and fo we ran Panth wel. 
ward then we met bath the winde Miel noxhweſt, x at the Melt within fire lengues running to» 
ward the Noth welt, and then we catt about, and lay Nozthealt, vntill we came in two and fontie 
degrees, where we let our courte Eat noztheaſt, iudging the File ol Coruo South an by Zelt 
ol vs and ſixe andthirtie leagues diſtant from vs. N 

A remembꝛance, that che one and twentie day of May we communed with John Rafe, and hee 
thought it belt to ge Nontheaſt, and iudgen himſelfe ſiue aud twentie leagues Eaſtward to the 
Fle de Flores, aid in nine and thirtie degrees and a halfe. ö 

vr ioe : Note, chat on the fourth day of Beytember, vnder nine degrees, we lolt the fighe of the Moth 
arre. IONS ee es, . 
are Note allo, that in fine and foptie degrees, the compaſſe is varied eight degrees tothe Melt. 
ß Item in foztie degrees che tompaſle did varie fifteene degrees inthe whole. 

Item in chirtic degrees and a halle, the compatle is varied fine degrees to the Melt. 

Be it alſo in memmy,chat two 07 thee dayes beloze we tame tuo Cape Troiſpoints, che pinneſſe 
went alongſt the fhe, thinking to fell fome of our wares, and fo we tame to anker thyee oz foure 
leagues Melt and bp South of the Cape Troiſpoints, where we left the Trinitie. 

.... tity alloc men tbe pinmetie alfa tooke inmmmye wares, Chey 

told me moꝛeouer that they would goe to aplace where the Pꝛimroſe was, and had receiued much 

goldat the firſt voiage to theſe parties; and told mee furthermoꝛe that it was a good plate: but J 
fearing a bnigautine that was then vponthe coat, did wep and folow them, and leſt the Crinitie a» 

bout foure Itagues uff from bs, and there we rode againſt that towne foure dayes: fo that Mar 

tine by his ome veſire, and aſſent of ſome of the Commifltoners that were in the pinnelle, went 

' a ethene to the totune, and there Iohn Berin went totrafique from vs, being three miles of tra- 
e totenene MUNG. Aan other tolnut. Che cotune is called Samma op Samua, for Samma and Sammater- 
ne thenames of the two rt comes, where we did crafique fo? gold, to the Rontheaſt of Cape 


a oints. . t 
85 eee ene 


Sigg F888. 


i= 
81 


S228 


We. ofthe Engllvnason. 93 


ke ſomewhat of the countrey ¢ people, and of ſuchthings as are hynught from thence. 
be bouche fam tence ar tbe lative bundzed pound weight and odde of golde, of Compe foure 


RebereGainf 


two and twentie carrats and one graine in : alſo fire ¢ thirtie buttes of graines, aud about went. 


and ſiſtie Elephants teeth of all quantities . Of theſe. I ſam e meaſured ſome ol nine Sinan: 
mes ta engch hep wer crooked, Some ok them were as bigge as a mans thigh aboue the wa 
Dweped about fourelcoe andten pound weight a piece, Chey lapthat ſome one hath berne 

{ene of an hunded and fine aud twentie pound weight , Other there were which they call theteeth 

of calues, of one 07 two 07 thpee peeres; whereol ſome were a foot and a halle, ſome two foot, ¢ ſome 

che on mode acco ding to the age of the beaſt. Chele great teethop tulks, prow in the vyper ia 

domneward, and not in the nether iaw vyward, wherein the Painters and Arras wopkers are de⸗ 

ceinen, Aethislattvovage twas ougbe from Guineathe bead of an Elephant, of uch buge bag. Dur beadotan 

nefle, that onelpebe bones op cranetn thereof, belide the nether iam andgreatruths; weigtedabout ban. 

tivo hundred weight, and was as much as J could well lift from the ground: inſomuch that con: 

fivering allo heerewith the weight of two ſuch great teeth, the nether iaw wich the lelle teeth, the 

congue, the great hanging eaves, the bigge and long ſiwut oz croonke, with all the lieh. Maine, and 

dime, with all other parts belonging to the whole head, in my iudgementit could weigh little leſſe 

then fine hunted weight. This bead diuers haue feene in the houle ol the woonthie merchant fit sic Andew 

sage ere mn wie pre conoere tp ee nye, chr wenn ano ileum of toe Siet 
' eyes of my e a con p the cunning and wiſedome of the piations of 

hen di : without which confiveration, the fight of luch trange and woonderfull things may Sods works. 


nev called Delos Potos, 
Elephants teeth, Chia 


verde, go great currants 


tertes: and ſo we ranne 
ometimes at Eaſt. vntill 
from eighteene andtwo 


if sand then rather ſeeme curioſties then profitable contemplations. aa 
oar sir ciate — The Elephant (which fore call an Olipbant) is che biggeſt of all foure footed beaſtes, bis fore: Anand gegr. 
winde moze Eafteripto legges are longer then hes he hath ancles in the lower part of his hinder legges, aud ſiue ties of the Ei 


orth welt and ſametimes 
sprees, where we reckoned 
the illand de Flore, oꝑ de 


with John Rafe, and hee 
eagues Eaftiwary to the 


loft the fig he of the son 591 
spi ; haue na finall reſpect vnto them that be wounded: for they hing themt hat are hurt oz wearp into f 
degrees tothe Melt. the middle of the army to be dekended: they are made tame by dunking the iuiſe of barley. They webate be⸗ 
hole. haue continuall ware againſt Dpagons, which delice cheir blood. berauile it is very colde: and ther pel 
to the Melt. fine the Dꝛagon lying await as the Elephant pallerh by, windeth bis taile (being ol exceeding 2 gon ; 
Troifpoints, the pinnefle length) about the binder legges of che Elephant. & fo taping him chrulteth bis head in his one 
me co anker thyee 03 foure ander hauſteth his heath, op elfe bitech him in the eave, whereunto he cannot reach with his troonke, 
. cnt cea oth tp beens (obra otne Bodine nin al beg 
moze Wares, wich the paiſe of his body im: iso 9 0 n 
8, and had reteiued much neth out of him mingled togecher⸗ which being culde, is congeaten into that fubtance wich the A⸗ N 
was a good place: but J pothecartes call Sanguis Draconis, (that is) D. aguns biaod ochertuiſe called Cinnabatis, althbugh sang 
n, and leſt the Crinitie a» there be an other kinde of Cinnabaris, connnonlp called cinoper or ion, wbichthe painters Cuban, 
ee eee eee ee 
ere N are ide ry ago e 7 N 1 no d 
ting thee miles of traf ung in cunditiuns. Philoftratus tupiterb chat as nich an the Elephant of Libya in res 
Samma and Sammater- the hoꝛſe ot Nyſea, fo much doe the Clephanes of India exceede them of Libya fd of the Ei 
to the Nontheaſt ol Cape pyantd of Auwia, ſunm haut beene ſeene of the bright of nine cubites che nher doe fo greatipfeare © 
theſe. thut they dare not abide delight of them. Ol che Favian Cleplymes, onely the males haue 
{aid Pilot. Row therfore tufkes, but of themol Ethiopia and Libya, bach indes atecutked : they ate of iuers beinits, an ot 
A will trorlue, thirteene, and fueterne dada, euerp doddant being a mende of nine inches: Some 


mite 


94 The voyages and diſcouer ies Robert Gainſb. 


fother 55 
and ble in the waires, of their generation and chaſtitie, when 
snbcrlimpbes ofthe Homans ptathepare taken and tamen, and toben they caſt cheit tuſta, with 
the vie ol the lame in medicine, who lo deſrethto knotw, let him rende Plinie, in che eight booke of 
his natutall hiſtopie. We alſo uniteth in his twellt booke,chat in olde tame they made many gvodiy 
wonbes of tuopy op Elephants teeth: as tables, treſſels, poſtes of houſes, railes, latteſſes ſoꝭ win: 
rohes, images of theilt gods, and Diuers other things of iv), both coloured and oncoloured, any 
{ncermigt with ſundzy kindes of precious woods, as at Chis dap ave made certaine chaites lutes, and 
bitginalles , They had ſuch plencie thereok in olve time, that (as far as J remembet) Tofephus 
wnuteth, that one of the gates of hierulalem was called Porta Ebunea, (that is) che Supp gate, 
The whitenelle thereot was lo much eſteemed, that it was thought to reprefent the natural faire 
neſſe ol maus lime: inſomuch that ſuch as went about to fet forth (07 rather toꝛtupt) naturall 
beautie wich colours and painting were reppooucd by this poouerbe,Ebur atramento candefacere, 
that is, To make inorp white wirh inke. The ports allo, deſcribing the katre necks of beautifull 
vitgins call them Eburnea colla,that is, Juorp necks. And to haue laid thus much ol Elephants 
and iuozp it map ſuflice. 5 g N 3 
Tbe people of Mowtherefore J will ſpeabe fornewhat ofthe people anv their manerg and mance of living, wich 
Alrtsa. an other iniefe vefcription of Africa alſd. It is to be vnderſtood chat the people which nom inhabite 
a the regions of the coatt of Guinea andthe mid parts of Africa, as Libya the inner, and Nubia. with 
diuers other great and large regions about the lame were inolde time called Ethiopes ¢ Nigritæ, 
which we now call oops, Podꝛens, o Negroes, a people ot beaſtly liuing without a God lam xe 
ligion o common Wealth, and lo ſcoꝛched and vered with the heat ol che lune chat in many places 
Libyatacerior, dhey turſe it toben it riſeth. Ok the regions and people about the inner Libya (calles Libya In- 
terior) Gemma Phryſius Miteth thus, © 2 som 
Libya Interior, is very large and veſolate in the which are many horrible wilderneſleg ¢ mounts 
d tatnes, replenithen with divers kindes of wolde and monttroug bealts and ferpents. Firſt from 
Genta. Mauritania og Barbarie toward the South is Getulia, a rough and ſaluage region, whole inbable 
tants are wude and wandering people. After thele follow the peopte called Melaaogetuli and 
Pharufij, which wander in the wildernelſe, carrying withthem great gourdes ol water. The E. 
Etpioves.  Chiopians, called Nigritæ, ocrupie a great part ot Africa, and are extended to the Get Orean. 
Pere. ay Douthwwardaifo they reach to the riuer Nigritis, whole nature agteeth with the tiuer of Nilus, 
gritis of Heo foralinuch as it is increaſed and iminithen at the fame time, and buingeth forth che like beaſteg as 
nega. the Crocodile. By reaſon thereof, I think this to be the fame riuer which the Poxtingals tall 
Senega: £02 this riuer is alſo of the ſame natute. It is furchermoꝛe maruellous and very ſtrange 
Aa , that ig lad ok this riuer: And this is, that on theone fide thereof, the inhabitants are of high Mature 
thing. and blacks, don the other ffoe, af bo mne oz tawnie colour, and loin Rature, which ching alſo our 
men conſtrme to be trum. b . i 
Cannas, There ate ulſd other people of Libya called Garamantes, tohofe women are common: fo2 they 
, boutrocg no mati monie, neither haue vefpect to thaſtitie. Alter chele are the nations of the people 
3 called Pyrej Sathiodaphnitę Odrangi, Mimaces, Lynxamate,Dolopes, Aganginę, Leuci Ethi- 
open l lte Ftblopes, CalceiEthiopes, and Nubi. Cheſe haue the fame ſituation in Ptolomie 
that ther new gine to the kingvome of Nubia. deere are certaine Chpittians vnder the dominion 
Puder Jopn, d the great Emperdur of Ethiopia, cülled Pxetter John. tom theſe toward che Miet, is a 
a ‘a et en e er a e- e en 
Kegnum ö ame sno egnum Orguene, confining spon pattsof Guinea. 
; wd Trnmhengn Ilellwerb um Gometnbar totvard the are tha kin ol Gambra and Bu- 
domel, not farre from the riuer of Sencga. And from hence toward the inland , and along 
bouche fea coatt, are the tegtuns of Ginoia ti Gunda, which we commonly tall Ginnee. On the 
Ar Faun. Mett {ioe of theſe regrianscotward che Ocean, in the cape op point callen Cabo verde, o Caput vi- 
Senats Mas Tide (that it) The grene cupe, che which the Wortingals ftr verect thetr courte wher they faite 
a, tu America, . hence, chep carne to che right hau ta: 
wm the quarter ofthe wude talen Garbino) which is berwernethe Miet andthe Spoutly, But 
rpicpia, d fpeake ſontetuhar more uf Rtblopia 2 although there ave manp nations of people id naturd, vet 
1 chielly dude dite tino parts, whereof che our is called Ctixopia vuder Egypt, a great 
79 : a anv 


of India are blacke,o) of 
e on ſtinne of them all is 


hey made many good 


naturall faire. 


rather coꝛtupt) naturall 
tramento candefacere, 


A of beautifull 
much of Elephants 
Md mance of lining,with 
pie wbich now i 

e iner, and Nubia, with 
d Ethiopes ꝶ Nigritæ, 


cgi ay ces 
ace: 
ibya (calles Libya In- 


thep 
the nations ofthe people 
Agangine,Leuci Ethi- 
te {ituation in Prolomie 


p be gathered by coniecs 
e Catt partsof Guinea. 
nes ot Gambra and Bu- 
land am along 
p tall Ginnee. Ou the 
bo verde, oy Caput vi- 
ir courſe when chey ſalle 


Robert Gainfb. | 


Robert Gainſb. ot the Engliſh nation. 95 


TT . . —-—ö tase 
and richregion. Co this perteineth the illand Meroe, imlated round about with the ſtreames of N ol 
the riuer Nilus. In this land women reigned in olde time. Tolephus wyiteth, that it was ſome⸗ y 
time called Sabea : and that the queene of Saba came from theute to icrufalem, to heare the wife- * 
dome of Salomon. From hente toward the Catkreignech the ſaid Chpittian Emperour Pꝛeſter : 
John, whom ſome call Papa Iohannes, and other fap that he is called Pean Tuan (that is) great Pieter suv 
John, whole Empire reacheth karre beyond Nilus, and is extended to the coaſtes of the red ſea and Ethiopia. 
Indian ſen. The middle of che region is almoſt in thꝛeeſtoꝛe and ſ xe degrees of longitude, twelue 
degrees oflatitude. About this region inhabite the people called Clodi, Rifophagi, Babylonij, an 
Axiunitæ, Molili, and Molibæ. After theſe is the region called Troglodytica, whoſe inhabitants Ntrica. 
dwell in caues and dennes: ko theſe are their houſes, and the fleſhok ſerpents their meat, as miteth 
Plinie, aid Diodorus Siculus. They haue no ſpeech, but rather a grinning and chattering, 
Chere are alfo people without heaves, called Blemines, hauing their eyes and mouth in they Peapte wi 
weft, Likewile Strucophagi, and naked Ganphaſantes: Satyrs allo, which haue nothing of men Sus nende. 
but onely hape. Mozeouer Oripei, great hunters. Mennones alſo, andthe region of Smyrno- a 
phora, which hingeth loꝛth myꝛth. After thele is the region of Azania, in the which manp Cle: rir. 
phants are found. A great part ol the other regions of Afrikethat are beyond the Equinortiall 1 
line, are now aſcribed do the kingdome of Melinde, whoſe inhabitantes are accuſtomed to traffike dae 
with the nations of Arabic, and their king is ioyned in friendſhip with the king of Poringall ¢ pap: : 
eth tribute to Meſter John. 

Theother Ethiope, called Ethiopia Interior (that is) the inner Ethiope. is not yet knowne fo; Ethiopia 
the greitneſle thereof, but onelp bp the lea coattes : pet is it deſtribed in this mance. Fit from 
the Equinoctiall toward the South, is a great region of Ethiopians, which bꝛingeth foꝛth white 
Elephants, Tygers, and the beaſtes called Rhinocerontes . Allo à tegion that hningeth foorth e les 
plentieof cpnamome, lying betweene the bꝛanches of Nilus . Allo the kingdome of Habech o; Ha- ; 
bafia, a tegion of Chpittian men, lping both on this lide and beyond Nilus. Pere are alſo the E- Bahaſta. 
thiopians, called Ichthiophagi (chat is) ſuch as liue onely by fith, and were ſometimes ſubdued by Jedidioppagt. 
the warres of great Alexander. Furthermoꝛe the Ethiopians called Rhapſij, and Anthtopopha- unthnopo⸗ 
gi, that are atcuſtomed to man fleth, inhabite the regions neere vnto the mountaines called Mon- pbagt. 
tes Lune (that is) the mountames of the Moone. Gazatia is hder the Cropikeof Capicome, Saen 
Alter this, follotocth the front of A trike, the ave of Buena Speranza, o Caput Bonz Spei, (that Care bone 
iv) che Cape OF gond hope, by che which they pafle that failefrom Spine to Calicut, But by what 
names the Capes and gulfeg are called, fopatiriuch as the fame are in euery globe and card, it were 
here ſuperfluoug to rehearſe them. ne hy 

Some wite that Affrica was ſo named by the Grecians, becaufeit is withoutrolve . Foz the frien tithe 
Greeke letter Alphaog A, Hignitiech priuation, void, op wit hour s and Phrice, figniticey colve « Th 


in vec although in the tead of Cctinter, they haue a cloudie andtempettuous (eafot,, pet is it not Zhe ‘winter of 


t 


— 


—1 


96 The voyages and diſcoueries Rober: Gainjh, 


7 1 ~ 
IR 


a” 
=e YS 


— 


oon of + ge fut 
his booke de Mundo faith, to 
often times in the (ea, he mitech thus. D 


S29 S232 .| dl 


* 
— 
the (ea, 


A ſtrange 
thing. 


Che power of 
nature. 


Shep raſe 
their fhinnes, 


Fine iewels. 
A hzaſlet. 


Kings. 


a 

im i 
A ume tat. departure from the lirlt place where thep dideerallſke, anecl them either ſtole a mulüt catte, tone 
ber away by fence, nut miſtruſting that chat ſould haue hinded their hargaining in another place 
whither they intended to go. Wut fop all che halte they could make with full failes, the fanteof theit 
nuluſage fo pꝛeuented them, that the people okthat place allo, offenventhereby, won ld bang in m 
a spl leah ips Sh ere FRR reftoye the cat d pap f her at heir pyice, beta 
Their houſen. Their houles are made of oute poltes on trees. aid couered with boughes, 15 a 5 3 
Ehete feeding, Sete conn n (sof ots, ann ſuch fithes as they take, whereof they haue great plentic, 
Fleeing fithes- 5 1 85 alſo ye ing 1 — a8 eee 175 991 os ne eas lnc Sain 
st dir lichen hoping to ynoutde Stone thereof : but they inould take no lalt, and muſt therefone be eaten 
r 

1 nce ten o twelued But this is n ange, that part or it 
e enen glen, u bestes eg fre n 
the cline of tauperate pegios. . 125 eae tan re 


Tuer 


Robe 2 Gainjh, 


pat is to fap, In the dap the 


aine reames of water, 
oftheſe are as bigge asthe 
pes, and put them in great 
of heauen, which were all 
d eruptions as Ariſtotle in 
range things as are feng 
da ate {eene cuapopations of 


Robert Ganfh. of the Englifh nation. 97 


. ————— — — — — — — 
Cbey range making ol byead, in this mauer. They grinde berweene two ftones Chem be. 
. N tome ag chepchinke map fuffice their family, ¢ when they haue thus 
dyougbde it io flowre, they put thereto a certaine quantitie of water, and make thereol very thinne 
pough, which chep iche vy fome pot of their houſen, where it is baken by the heat of the fume: 
e 5 G e 1 ee Their topeats 
5 ( the A 4 ; > igg 6 
Laci — 3 Tb flere op raw feemeth 


puthes of riuers are opened, 
not onely in the middeſt of 4 
juancitie of water is ſudden then 
of Ariftotle ic Doth appeare recompence-fuch grigtes and moletations as they otherwiiſe rertiue by the feruent heate thereof, 


downne in an other place at 
ler tolde me that he heard 
> coattes of Braſile 02 Rio de 
ppon land, J wot not hour 
onkes of nature while J con 
Fand knowledge, in comps 
ith Plinie, that nothing is w 
u. Panp thinges more our 
Ahaue thought good to put 
ieofthings as knowledge of 
nature of the people, this 
d raſe cheir ſuinnes with pre 
at to be a decent omament, 
ially their women, in mann 
r, o tuo. J my ſelle haue 
Trop weight, which make 
arme. It is made of one 
D, with a holein the midde, 
euer arme one, and as m 
hey are in manermade lame 
m their legs great ſhackles of 
fo collars. 


It is doubtleſle a p contemplation to confiver the cõtrary effects of the Sunne : 02 rather the 


chat tobi 
of them fon exchange of ther 


ne ſparke ok golde of any ba 
si a hp 1225 
ralfike op hing in aup 

ies it fo chance d ahat ar chert 
t olea mufke catte,optooke 


bapgaining in another place 
fay ge 
Dt won bung mm 
plop ber the put backe 


LS. sk eS eee | ’ 
98 The voyuges and diſcoueries il. dnnn. 1. 


5 r 
J courte of che Hunme fo that Chey bad tt North from them at none che mi. day 
of Huch. Andts bane tate tha much ebthete voyage it may uict. e 


The firft voyage made by M. William Tovvifon Mat! 2 
chant of Landon o the coaf of Guinea, with two Shippes,.. 
in the yeere 1555. n ede. 1 f 


mumap the 30, bap:ef & we departed from the Ille of Might, 
not de bauen of Neuport 2, ood ſhippes, the one called the Hart the 
other the Hinde, bochel London, and the Malters of them were John Balphe, 
and ULiiNliam Carter, for a voyage to be made vnto the Riuer de Scitosin Gui. 
nea, and to other hauens there about. e ahh! 

Ittell out bythe varirtte of windes, chat it was the 14. dap of October befne 
we could ferch Dartmouth: and being there arrived wee continued in that raade fire dapes, and 
the 20. ol October we warpt out ol the hauen, x fet ſailt directing our courſe towards the Mouth 
well, and the next moꝛning we were runne by eſtimation 30. leagues. 

The 21. we fuppole we ranne 36. leagues, the 22. 40. leagues the 23.20. leagues, the 24. but 
12. by reafon of the foule weather, aun change of windes. i 

Che 25. day wee ranne about 20. leagues, the 26. about 1 2. and all the night laye at trie with 
much raine and foule weather. N 5 

The 27. the windes and ſeas were high,pet we made ſome way, 

Che 28. day the Hindes poope bake with a ſea ſume what aboue the helme, whereupon Wil- 
liam Carter ¢ Richard Greſham wich their marchants agreed to {et ſaile, and go backe againt 
for England, and foy that purpofe hoplen vp their ſaile, and we ſceing it ſhotte off a peece to caule 
them to tary for va, and hoyſed our fopefaile and went to thein: and they tolde vs that they nouls 
not keepe the leas, and requires mee tu agret that they might returne, and we alſo withthem ee 
amende the fault, whereunto I would not agree, ſeeing the fault to bee no woꝛſe then it was, and 
dur Pater Iohn Ralphe offereu them that der buntelfe would gue in her, which thing they bea 
ring faive that they were as ablete keepe her as her, and William Carter made auſwere, chat ag 
long as the conmpany would cuntinue with him, he would not refuſe the voyage: ſo we lay at hull 
about an boure after: and chen it pleaſed God to fende vs · a faire winde at Noth aud by Cat, and · 
we tanne our courſe chat day by effimation 25. leagues. ‘ a 

The 29. day wee ranne about 40, leagues, the 30, about 50. and the 3 1. and laſt of October 


about 40. i 1 - 
The ſieſt of Nouember we found our felues to be in 3 2. degrees of latitude by che reckoningel 
our Water, This vay we ranne about 40 leagues allo. N 
The 2. day we ranne 3 C. league. 
The 3. dap we had ſight of Porto SanAo, which is a ſmall Alland lying in the ſea about thee 
leagues long, and a league ¢ a balfe bnoan,¢is poſſeſſen by Portingals. It nſech as we came from 
the orth Nontchwelt like two ſmall hilles nette together. The Caſt ende of the fame Alland is a 
high land like a lawole with a valley, which makes it to beare that forme, The welk enve ol it is 
lower with certaine ſmall round bitlockes, This Iſland lyeth in thittie and thꝛee degree. The 
fame day at 1 1. of the clocke wer raplen the Alle of Madera, which lpeth 12. leagues from Porto 
Sancto, towards the South welt: that Illand is a faire Mande and fruitkull, and is inhabited by 
Portingals, it rifech afarre off like a great whole lande and high. By chive of the coche this dap 
at after noone we were thwart of Porto Sancto, and wee fet our courte South weſt to leaue the 
Me of Madera to the Eaſtwarn as we did Porto Santo. Theſetmo Iſlands were the firſt land 
that we ſuwe linte wee left thecoatt of England. About 3. o the clocke after midnight we were 
thwart of Madera, within the leagues of che Melt ende of it, and by mennes of the high billes 
there, we were beralmed: We ſuppole we ranne this day and night z o. lengue. 
Che lourth dap wee laye becalmed vnder the Ille of Madera, vntill one of the clocke at afters 
noone, and then the winde comming into the Call, wer went our tourſe, and ranne that day 13. 


leagues. a 
he 5. day we ranne 15. leagues mone, 5 Nane 
The 6. day in the moming we raplen che Pile of Tenerif, atherdviſe called the Pike; berauſt it 
is a very high Alland with a pike upon the tappe like aloafe of Durer, The ſame night we rar 
fed the Me of Palma, which is a high lad allo, am to the Teſtward of che Alle of Tenerif. 
e 


N Tonyſan. 1. ofthe Engliſh nation. 99 
de 7.dap be percetutorbe Alle — —— — Somes 


ye tulde me: That is chat 
um at noone che ni. bap Palma,sbout 1a. 13, leagues Caſtward from Palma, and 8, leagues Meltmarde from Tenerifz aud 
E fo, feare of neue md Wie af Tenert, wwe ets bot) eee e bn Caittnard 
ion : el bs aud iment f Her wep tre vanne this day and night 3 o. leagurs. 
ffon Mart? Note that theſe Illands be thom Madera,au thc there are 3-Iflasen moyeo the 
hon War . ee — he Rorteveshars@ Lebeesoe, of eee 
wo Shippes,. i Dae 
1 a . day allo 
the Jule of Migte, 
e one called che Hart the 
mn were een. 
Auer de Seltosin 
1 . 
toade fire dapes, and dur courſe as neere the winde as we coulde, betauſe that our due tourſe ta 
ile towards the Mouth: . was Doutheak and bp Cal, but by che {cane winde we coulde not goe 
out due courſe, but went as nere it as we could, and ranne this dap and night 25 leagues, 
. 20. leagues, che 24. but The y.day we rane zolaguenche 10.25 leagues, the 11. 24. 
a Che 12. day we farw a ſaile vnder our Lee, which was as we rhoughe a fitberman, bin be 
He night laye at trie with wenttdome to haue ſyoken with him but tuithin one houre there fell ſuch a ſogge that me coulde 
CCF 
. nots a aftrrnoone {he thos olf a piece which wer hard, and made her anſwere with another: and 
helme, whereupon Wil- within one halfe houre after che forge bꝛake vp, and we were within 4 league of the ſhoart vpon 
ile, and go backe againg the coatt of Barbarie, anv we founven anv hab 14. fudom water. Che Barke alfo tame roome 
ſhotte off a peere to caule path vs Fw could 
tolde vs that they would iuſtiy what ö 
e 
no was, an che herd 
er, which thing they bea 
menen 


page 3 ſo we lay at hull 
bb aud bp Cala 


e 31. aud laſt of Octobet 
tune by che rechoning of 


tee Tlotoes vs ſuch 
linde the Hinde againe. This pan of the toaſt ol Barbatic, bp by 
the Caſtwar mor the riuer del Oro. 


ing in the les, about thee 

t nleth as we came from that wee were conftrained to leaue the chalk, . ne ore 

de ofthe fame Alland is a ham out courte Sourhtoct and . of Che coat anh ne-ranee chet nites 6, 
6. 


The welt ende olit is 
The fourecernth day in the mumtug was very foggie: but about twelne a clocke wee eſpyed 
51 2. leagues a Camel be. um wüich nds fing ant her fearon bbe co bin wich Ste nen, mn af 
2 NA without any werpon lauing their Dares, Che Caruell fon baſte let flippe ber ancte, anv ſer 


and tanne that day 15. 


D 9 
which they ſent abooꝛde of our e ee and ſeuen ord 


allen the Pike; becaufe it 

She fante night we val 

he Ille of Tenerif. 
Che 


Cine The voyages and diſooueries V. Tonnſon. i. 


Che Tropilie 
of Cancerin 
2 3. aud a „ 


Cape Blanko. 


Cape Verde. 


8. Degreen 
and a palfe, 


December. 


which was twiſe as much as they willingly would haue taken; and fo let them gos tocbett an- 
tre and cable which they bad let ſuyne, and got it againe by mut helge. Afterthis we ſet ſaile, 
but the wind cauled vs to ancre agate about 1 2. leaques off the tiuer Del oro, as the Portingals 
T when they lawe va, they made all away 
for leare lo vn. 202 Wid, 0 2113 , 
15 day we vivve ſtill becauſe of the winde. ; 
tte 1 ey te fet e This day by the reckoning of um 
ppilota, we were rigbt vnder the Tropike of Cancer. The 17. bap he ranne 23. leagues with 
in ſgbt loꝛthe moft part of the coaſt ol Batbatie. . ine 
C . teclocke bp che reckoning of out lcs ine 
wert thwart of ol Cape Blanke. sshue | > 
The 19 we ranne our courte 3 o league. 7 U 
Che 20,day we rane 36. agu abe 1.34 leagues, ind the 22. 30 leagues, And this 22, 
day dur lots reckoned bs to bethtwart of Cape Verde, n ‘grads menten 
The 23. day we —.— — [ — * 2 — 26, 
0 5 iv deagues 20, reaſan calmed, 3. agnes, 2y,25, 
—.— 1 2. of checlacke, we — — 
Ife of latitude. poe Bite a ON 339i! j , ‘ 
meu of December we rane 20,leagues,the 2, day being becalmed, but 4.leagues.che 3, 
„lea es. 1.322 Unt ö 
. ano ligbening,toith epeteing great quits of caine clic 
rernados, which continued not about hallt an heute: we ranne nur courte 1 8,leagues, 8 
Ade z day we ranne 20. leagues the 6 dap 8. leaguts hy reafon of vatiable winde, the 7. 


m made al 


14 Houres 

maile. and had wwichall fore of timber and lighening 

Te 13 day forehe mow part wermme Catt Douthat all along the ſboare, within 2 leagues 
alwayes of the fame, and founde the land all as at the firlt, full of woods and great rockes harde 
aboolde the ſhoare; and the biltowe beating fo fore, thatthe fas: beate Span che thoare as mbite 
as ſnome, and the water mounted ſa high that a mau might eaſilꝝ diſteme it foure leagues offi 
ſuth wile that no boate could tand chert. Thus tee raime vutill twelut ofthe clorkc, and then 
they toohe z ſunne t afteri ee lues tu bez. leagues pat the riuet de Seſtos tothe Catt 


wan, bp reaſom tobereof ine halted inte cht paart within two Engliſh miles, aud there ancrer 


and found fifteone fadom waret mm all oſtfrom the Hoare the {ea fo ſmooth, that wee might well 
haut ridde by an awer: Alt thut after noone we trimmed our boate aud made her a lnile to the 


m ende chat (hy nug ht roe along by the thoare to ſecke fome place to water in: iw we could not gor 


backe agaiue ta the riuer de Seſtos, hocauſe the winde blowes al wayes coutratp, and the currant 
runnuth alwayes to the Ealtwardz hich was allo againſt vs. peri 
Che fourteenchday we {re fatte and went backe agatne along the coatt, anv lent ourboates 


avn aboopne che ſhonne to ferke a watering plare. which they founde about twelne ofthe clocke, 


an we being frre intu the fea, meta with dine re boates of the Couutrey, ſmall, tong ann na 


rotor. and in euern beet one mu 0 mode: we gaue them bead which they dinrate, aud wert 


beep lan oft. Abou foure ofthe rloche nur boates tame to vs mich freth water and or 


tick 


pbprberechoning of ser 
Tanne 25. leagues with 


ning of out Paste 
11 U 

o leagues, And this 2a, 
Mun Und 

25.1 a lcaguen, the 26, 
J. leagmes, the 25. 23. 
x ſclues tobe ind degrees 
n but 4.leaguessbe 3e 


ome Portingal o; French 
man oneiy ine efpicd a, 
other final — 
wayed and fet ſaile Catt 
Nace, but thought that we 


ag the Choare, fothar it is 
by the latitude: Jntheſt 
at Gale ar we were onder 


fhoare, within 2 Leagues 
Sand great rockes harde 
vpon the ſhoare as vohite 
me it foure leagues oft in 
ut ofthe clock, and then 
uer de Seſtos tothe Cal 
bmiles, andthere ancees 
oth, that wer might well 
ud made her a ſaile, to che 


im we could not ge 


foutratp, and the currant 
coaft, aud Cent dur boates 


V. Tonrſon. i. 


Vi. Tonrſon. 1. of the Engliſn nation. 


we ancurd again? a Fuer. 


. iwapen un fet (rile to doe neere che thoure,eub toith our lem twee Counne 
— $d fo sd — — e 
wapes at the leat, o in fine we founde 7, ſadom and a halfe wichin an 
7 mimanuuemnaien aeietitn 


within halle a mile of it, hall not be able to difcerne that it is a River: by reaſon that directs 
ein haath, there lyteh a lenge of vockes, which is much bꝛoader then the Niuer, ſo 
shar a boate nuit runne in along the ſhoare a goon wap berwirxt che rockes, and the (hoare befoye 
it tome to the mouth ofthe Riuer, and being within it, it is a great Riner and divers other Ris 
wets lalls into it: The going into it is ſome dohat ill, becaute that at the encring,che (cas doe goe 
ſomewhat high, but being once within it it is as calme as the Thames. 


Chere are ntere to the ſea vpon this Riuer diuers inhabitants, which are mightie bigge men ctetb 
and goe all naked except ſume thing before their priuie partes, which is like a cloute about a quar» n 


ter ot a parde long made of the barke ol trees, and vet it is like a clothe: fon the barke is of that : 
nature, chat it will ſpinne ſmall after the maner of linnen. Dome ol them alſo weare the like vp: 
on their heaves being painted with diuers coulers, but the mot part ol them goe bare headed, 


and their heades are clipped and ſboꝛne of diuers fortes, and the mo part of them haue their race ien 
Chine of their bodies raced with diuers woꝛkes, in maner ora leather Jerkin. The men and ume. 


women aoe fo alike, that one tannot knowe a man from a woman but by their bꝛeaſtes, which in 
the moll part be very foule and long, hanging vowne lowe like the vdder of a goate, 

This lame mowing we went into the Niuer with our Dkiffe,and carried tertaine baſons ma · 
nels, er. Aud there we tooke that day one hogſehean and 100. li. waight of graines, and two D: 


mation about 3 o. li. co a piece, aud fo an Dliphancs tooth of 30. li. waigbt, we gaue them 6, 

The 16. day in the moꝛning we went into che Riuer with our Mhiffe, and tooke ſome of eue⸗ 
tp fort of our Marthandtꝛe with vs, aum (owed it ta the Negroes, but they efteemed it not, but 
made light of it and alfo of the baſons, Mane llios and Margarets, which pelterdap they did buy: 
bowbrit for the baſons they would haue giuen vs fone graines, but to no purpofe, ſo that this 
day we tooke not by eſtimation aboue one hundzeth pound waight ol graines, by meanes of their 
Captaine, who would ſuſter no man to Cell any thing but though bis handen, and at his pꝛiſe: hee 
was ſo ſubtile that for a bafon hee would not give 15. pounde waight of graines, and fometimes 
‘ould offer vs [mall diſhfuls, whereas before wee had bafkets full, and when hee ſawe that 
wer tantly not take them in contentment, the Captaine departed, and caufedall the reſt of the 
boates to depart chinking belike that we would haue followed them, and haue giuen them their 
obe athings, But alter that we perceiued their feeche, me waped our Grapnel and went away, 
and then we went on lande in a ſmall Towue to fee the faſhions of che Countrep, anv there came 
athzeeſcoze of them about vs, and at the firſt they were afraide of vs, but in the ende perceiuing 
that wee did no hurt, they would come to vs and take vs by the hande and bee lamiliar with vs, 


and then we went into their Townes, which were like to twentie (mall houels, all couered ouer rn 
with great leaues and baggage, and all the fives open, and a {caffolve onder the houſe about a Townes and 
parde high, where chey woꝛke many pꝛetie thinges of the barkes of trees, and there they lye al: deus. 


fo, In ſome of their houles they tworke pron and make faire dartes, and diuers other thinges to 
wopke their boates, and other things withall, and the women wozke as well as the men, But 
when we were there diuers of the women to ſhewe vs pleaſute daunted and ſung after their ma, 
ner full ill to dur eaves. Their ſong was thus: 

Sakere, ſakere, ho, ho. Sakere, ſalere, ho, ho. 

And with theſe wordes they leape and vaunce and clappe their handed, Beaſtes wee coulde 
fee none that they had, but two goates, finall vogges, and final hennes: other beaſtes wer fae 
none. Aſter that wee had well marken all things we departed and went abooꝛde our ſhippes: 
Which thing the Captaine of the other towne perteiuing, fent 2.0f bis ſeruants in a boate wich a 
bathet of gratnes, and made vs ſignes that if when we had ſlept we would come againe into their 
Riuer, we fhouln haue More of graines,and fo ſhewed vs his graines and departed, 

Che 17. day in the morning becauſe we thaughtehat the Negroes would haue done ſomething 
eee eee to goe on thoare, and ſent oat 
3 an 


@raines of 


lephauts teeth at a reaſonable good reckoning; e ſalde them both bafons,anv Manellios, aud — 
Margrrets, but they deſtred molt to haue baſons: Fon the mot part of our bafons we had by elie 


102 The voyagesanddifcoueries Wil, Towrfon. 1, 


8 22887 .8| S| 


he tatitnde 

ofS. Vincents 

riuer is 4. de⸗ 
and a 


Me. voter. This countrey as farce as we could perceiue is altogether woddp, and al Grange trees, wheres 
cerding length. of we knewe none, and they were of many forts, with great leaues like great dockes, which bee 
higher then any man is able to reach the toppe ol them. 
ytd a There are certaine peaſon by the fealive, which growe vpon great and very long Kalkes, 
'. hne okthe ftalkes I mealured and found it 27. paces long, and doeth grow vpon the ſand like to 
trees, and that ſo nere the lea, that ſometimes the fea floweth into the woods as wee might pers 
ceiue by the water markes. s 
— The trees and all things in this place grow cõtinually greene. Divers of che women haue ſuch 
mene eats. erterding long beattes, that ſome of them wil lap the lame vpon the grounde and lie botune bp 
them, but all the women haue not fuch bzeaſtes. . 

At this place all the dap che winde bloweth off the fea, and all che nig he off che lande, but wee 
found it to differ ſometimes, which our Mater marueyled at. 

This night at oof the clocke the winde came vp ar the ECaſt, which oꝛdinarily about that time 
was wont to come out of the orth Morth welt olf the ſhoate: pet we twapen and halled off South 
with that winde all night into the fea, but che next moming we haller in againe to the lande, and 
tooke in 6. Tunnes of water foz our ſhippe, and I chinke the Hinde tooke in ag much. 

I could not perteiue that here was anp golden any ocher good ching: fo p people be fo wilde 
and idle chat they gine themſelues to fecke out nothing: ir they would take paines they might ga. 
ther great Love of graines but in this plate J could not perceiue 2. tunne. 

There are many ſoules in the eee take the paines to take them. 

J obferued fore of their wozds of ſpeach, which J thought good here to let vomne. 

Bezow, bezow, Is their ſa 8 
Manegete afoye, Graines vnough. 
Crocow afoye, Hennes pnough. 
Zeramme afoye, haue pou pnoughꝛ 
Begge ſacke, Give me a knife. 
Begge come, Giue me bread, 
Borke, Holde pour peace. 
Coutrecke, He lye. 


But foorth, o; emptie. 
we. 


dies Gr Beate ‘cea 9 Captaine, and ſome tal him Dabo, Theſe and other 
) e, and oftentimes recite one wo etimes together, and at 
lat time longer then at the two fir. tse 7 

The 18. daytowards night. as we were ſayling along che coatt,we met with certaine boats in 
the fea, ¢ the men the wed vs that there was a river chwart of vs, where there were graines to be 
ſold. but we thought it not good to tavie there, lealt the other thins chould get before vs. This riuer 
bath lping befope tt 5. grest rocks amd 5 mal rocks one great tree and a litle tree tight by the ri 
wer, which in height exceeded all che reit: we halled this night along the coat 10. lengues. 

‘The 19. day as we coatten the Choare,about twelue of the clocke there ame out to bs 3 .boates 
to tell ne hs oer ba greens e Coane wc eer fy ates te tnt. 


sa A was in the Kips; 
iago, fc; ſo they tall their 


ne where we were the day 
¢ offended,and tame man 
to them to depart: which 
othe boate and came away 
but the winde was off the 
came to an ancre againe. 
lfe, ¢ it ebbeth and flow 
while we were there, it 


nv al ſkrange trees, where⸗ 
great dockes, which bee 


eat and very long ſtalkes, 
rom vpon the ſand like to 
woods as wee might pers 


sof the women haue fuch 
grunde and lie vowne bp 


ight off che lande, but wee 


Ndinarilp about that time 
wed and halled off South 
n againe to che lande, aud 
in b peeve fo tuftve 
lo h people be fo 

ike paines they might ga⸗ 


i. 
the paines to take them. 
e to let vowne. 


n Dabo. Theſe and other 
times together, and at che 


net with certaine boats in 
there were graines to be 
get before vs. This riuer 
alitle tree tight by the ris 
coat 10. leagues. 

e tame out to vs 3. boates 
. 


il. Towrfon.. 1. 


Mil. Tomrſon. I. ofthe Englifh nation. 


proceeden along the coatt, ¢ancred by the ſhone all the uight and ran this day 10. leagues. 
ag 3 hauing ankered by vs amongeſt rockes, and foule ground, loſt a 
ſmall ander. At noone,as we paſſed along the coat, there came ſooꝛth a Negro to vs, making 
fignes,chatif we would goe a ſhoare. wee fhouln haue graines, and where we ankered at nie 
chere tame another to vs, and brought graines, and ſhewed vs them. and made ſignes that wee 
fhould tary, and made a fire vpon the land in the night, meaning thereby tu tel vs where we ſhould 
ten an fiche y bdo tn Diners other places vpon the coalt, where they ſawe vs to anker. 


all the places that we haue aukered, ſince we came from our watring place, we haue found Tue tides anti 
* . a running to the Ueſtwardes, and all along the coaſt many rockes hard aboard 5 ofthe, 


the fhoareand many of them a league of the ſboare oz moze, we ran this day twelue leagues, 

The 21. day, although we ranne all day with a good gale of winde, yet the tives came fo fone 
out of the coaſt, hat we were not able to runne aboue fir leagues: and this day there came fome 
Negroes to vs, as there had done other times. 


The 22. we ranne all Dap and night, to double a point. callen Dos palmas, aud ranne ſixteene eve of 


es. 
. bi 23. dap, about thꝛee of the clocke, we were thwart of the point and before we came to the 
weſtermoſt part ol it, we ſawe a great ledge of rockes, which lie welt from the Cape, about tee 
leagues and a league op moje from the land. Shortly after, we had ſight of the Caltermott part 
of the Cape, which lieth foure leagues from the Ueſtermoſt part, and vponthe very comer ther⸗ 
ol, lie two greene places, as it were ctofes, and to the weſtwards of the Cape, the land parte 
kromthe Cape, as it were a Baye, whereby it may well be knowen. Foure leagues moꝛe beyond 
that there lieth a head land in the ſea. and about two leagues beyond the head lande, there goeth 
ina great Bay, as it were a riuer, befoꝛe which place we ankered all that night, which we did, leaſt 


in the night we ſhould ouerrunne a riuer where the · laſt pere. they had all their Elephants teeth, « That as 
This Cape Dos palmas, lieth vuder foure degrees and a halfe, aud betwixt the ſaid Cape, and *be perce 1554. 


the riuer de Seſtos, is the greateſt Rope of graines to be had, and being paſt the fain Cape, there is 
no great ſtoꝛe els where. 8 f 

Mhere we ankered this night, we found that the tive, which before ranne alwaies to the weil⸗ 
ward, from this Cape runneth all to the Caltward : this day we ranne ſome 16. leagueg. 


The 
The 24. dap running our courſe, about eight of the clocke there came fooꝛth to vs certaine N 


boates, which bꝛoug bt with them ſmall egges, which were foft without ſhels, and they made vs 


ſignes that there was wishin the land freſh water, anv Goates: and the Maſter thinking that it 
was the riner which we ſought, caſt anker, and ſent the boate on ſhoare, with one that knewe the 
riuer, and comming neere the ſhoare, he perceiued that it was not the river, and ſo came backe ac 

aine, and went along the thoare, with their caves and ſaile, and wee waied, and ranne along the 
Fatt alfo: and being thirteene leagues beyond the Cape, the Malter perceiuer a place, which 
he iudgedto be the riuer, when we were in deede two miles thot paſt it: yet the boate came from 
the ſhoare, and they that were in her, laid, that there was no riuer: notwithſtanding we came to 
an anker, and the Maſter and J tooke ſiue men with vs in the boate, and when he came neere the 
thoare,he perceiued that it was the fame riuer which be did ſeeke: ſo we rowed in, and found the 
entrance very ill. by reaſon that the fea goeth fo high: and being entred, diuers boates came to vs, 
and ſhewed vs that they had Elephants teeth, and they brought vs one about ciate pound, and a 
litle one ola pound. which we bought: then they bꝛought certaine teeth tothe riuer ſide making 
ſignes that if the next day we would come againe they would fell vs them: fo we gaue vuto two 
Captaines to either of them a manillio, and fo we departed, and tame aboard , and ſeut aut the o⸗ 
ther boate to another place, where certaine boates that came into the fea, made vs ſgnes that 


chere was kreſh water: and being come thither . they found a towne, but no riuer, pet the people z rotons 


bought them kreſh water. and ſhe wer them an Elephants tooth, making ſignes that che next bap 
they would ſell them teeth, and ſo they tame aboard. 

This river lieth by the Carve thirteene leagues from the Cape Dos palmas, andthere lieth to 
the weſtwards ofthe fame, a rocke about a league in the fea, and the ner it felfe hath a point of 
land comming out into the fea, whereupon groweth fue trees, which may well be diſterned two 
o thꝛee leagues of comming from the welt ward, but the riuer can not be perteiued vndill ſuch 
time, as a man be hard by it, and then a man may perceiue a lit le cowne on each five the riuer, and 
rg totune there belongeth a Capitaine, Che riuer is but mall, but the water ia good and 


Two miles beyond the riuer, where che ocher to wne is, there lieth another point into the fea, 
which is greene like a clole, and not aboue fire trees vpon it, which growe one of them kromthe 


* 


104. The voyages and diſcoueries W.T owrfon.*4, 


ocher, whereby the coatt may well be kuotone: fo} along all the coaſt that we haue hitherta fais 
led by, J haue not ſeene fo much bare land. 11 a 
Jn this plure, and thꝛee op fonte leagues to the wellward of it, al along the fhoare,there grom 
Spanp Palme mauy Palme trees, whereot they make their wine De Palma. Theſe trees map eaſily be knowne 
oa almott two leagues of lo they be very high,and white bovien,and freight, and be biggettin the 
middes: they haue no boughes but onelp around buſh in the toppe of them: and at the toppe of 
the fame trees they boare a hole, and there they hang a bottell, and the ioyte of the tree runneth 
out of the laid hole into the bottle, and that is their wine. ö 
Saye Tres From the Cape Dos palmas, tothe Cape Tres puntas, there are 100. leagues: and tothe port 
Punta. where we purpolt to make ſalen of our cloth beyond the Cape Tres puntas, fu tie leagues. 
Note: that bet wirt che riuer De Seſtos, aud the Cape Dos palmas, is the place where all the 


graines be gathered. 

NA of che people of this place, as farre as I could perceiue differeth not much from 
the language of thole, which dwel where we watered before: but the people of this place be moꝛe 
gentle in nature then p other æ gvodlier men: their building apparel is all one with the others, 

Their deſire in this place was moffof all to haue Manillios and Margarete, as for the reſt of 
our things, they did litie eſteeme them. N 

The 25. dap, being the day of the natiuitie of Chyiſt, we {ent our boates and fhiffes for water 
for our ſlippes, which chat day filled as much water, as we had caſkes emptic , which was about 
two tunnes for vs, and one tunne loꝛ the binde. . 

Their manner About nine of che clocke, chere tame boates to vs foopth, from both of the places afoꝛeſaide, and 
be waberef byought wich them certuine terth, and after they had tauled me to Iweare bp the water of the fea, 
che lea. that A woulo not hurt them they came abooꝛd our ſlippe tte op foure of them, and we gaue them 
to eate ot all {uch things as we had, and they did eate and dꝛinke of all things, as well as we dur 
felues, After wardes we bought all their teeth, which were in number foureteene, aud ok thoſe 
foureteene there were ten ſmall: aſterwards they departed, making vs fignes, that the next day 
we ſhould come to their townes. Pee? 

The 26. dap, betauſe we would not trifle long at this place, I required the Mater to goe wns 

co tewnes. to one of thetownes , and to take two of dur marthants with him, and I my ſelle went to the other, 
amm tooke one with me, berauſe theſe two townes Rand thꝛee miles aſunder. To theſe places we 
tariep ſome what of euery kind of marchandize that we had: and he had at the one tolune, nine 
teeth, which were but mall, and at the other towne where J was, J han eleuen, which were alſo 
not bigge, and we left abooꝛd with the Maſter, certaine manillios, wherewith he bonghe twelue 
teeth aboond the ſhippe in our abfence : and hauing bought chefe of them, we perteiued that they 
had no more teeth: fo in che place where I was, one brought to me a final goate, which A boughe, 
and to the Matter of the other place rhey bought fue (mall hennes, which he bought alſo and al⸗ 
ter that, we ſawe there was nothing els to be had, we departed, and by one of the clocke, we met 
aboond, and then waird and went Caf our courſe eighteene leagues Mill wethin ligheo land. 

The 27, day we ranne twentie leagues, 

The 28.the wind varied, and we ranne into the ſea, and the wind comming againe off the fea, 
we fell with the land againe, and the ſirſt ol the land which we raiſed ſhewed as a great red cliffe 
round but not very high r othe Eaſtward of that, another ſmaller red cliffe, and right aboue 
that into the land a round hammoke, and greene, which we tooke to be trees. Ie ranne in theſe 
24. houres ot aboue foure leagues, 

The 29. day comming neere to the ſhoare, we perteiued the rev cliffe afogefaive , to haue rigbt 
vpon the top of it a great heape of trees and all to the weſtwards of it full of red cliffes, as fare as 
we could lee, and all along the ſhoare, as well vpon the cliffs, as other wiſe, full ok wood: within 

a nile of the ſaid great clifte there is a riuer tothe Caſtwards, and no c liſfeg that we could ſee ex 
ceptone ſmall clitte, which is hard by it. Me ranne this day aun ni lue leagues. 

The winde that we had in this place, by the repoꝛtes of the people, and of thoſe that haue bene 
chere . haue not bene feene often; but in the night, at Nonch olf the land, e in the day South off the 
ſea. and moſt connnonly Moꝛthweſt, and South weit. 1 

The zo. day, we made our way twentie leagues. 

The 3 i. day, me went our courſe by the ſhoate Nothward: this land is all along a low fhoare, 
anv full of wood. as all the coatt is, f the molt part. a. o no rockes. This moming came out ma · 
ny boates, which went a fiting, which be greater boates then thoſe which we ſawe befoꝛe, fo that 
in ſome of them there ate fine men butthe falhion of the boates is all ont. In the afternoone about 
eee eee cer eder fee 25. 
cagues 


Tomrſon. 1. 


rt of the tree runneth 


leagues: and tothe port 
as, fortie leagues. 
8 the place where all the 


differeth not much from 
pleof this place be moze 
s all one with the others, 
garets, as for the reſt ot 


tes and ſkiffes for water 
ptie , which was about 


he places aforefaide,and 
by the water of the fea,, 
them, and we gaue them 
ings, as well as we our 
foureteene , andof thofe 
ſignes, that the next day 
ed the Mater to goe wns 
U {elfe went to the other, 
der. To theſe places we 
dat the one tote, nine 
eleuen, which were alfo 
rewith he bought twelue 


they 
lgoate, which A bought, 
ich he bought alſo and af: 
me of the clocke, we met 
‘within lighe ol land. 


ming againe off the fea, 
ewed as a great rep cliffe 
d clilfe, and right aboue 
eg. Mie ranne in thele 


alceſaide, to haue rigbt 
1 of red clilfes, as farre as 
ile, full ot wood: within 
fes that we could lee, ex⸗ 
welue leagues. 

wok thoſe that haue bene 
in the day South off che 


ee ee. 


about 
r Pilots iudged to be 25. 
. Teagues 


Mil. Jonrſon. 1. of the Engliſn nation. 
leaguestothe meſtwards of the Cape, Tres puntas. About foure of the clocke we met with many 
fither boates, har none of chem would corne nere to v ſauing tant whome we bought certaine 


— vo Capes, te bane fon the tind krrdhen inthe dap, and ſpetially about ten 
ofche clocke, wah reat gales : che nigbes we found calmett, In thefe 24, boutes we mabe way 


Tie art bap of Tarsaric ince npunaine pertehnwthe landet tile bigber then it be- Jawa 


fore, which our Pilots iudgev to be the Cape, and hullev in as netre to the land as they tould: 
we tune this day twenty league. 8 ns 

The ſecom dap in che mopting when toe were come neere to the place, out Yilors perceined 
chatit was not che Cape. as they thought it had bene: we made wap this day Bue eight leagues. 

Chethim day in the moming, we felt wichtche Cape Tres puntas, and in the night 
our Bilsts Caid, by one of the Poringalscattles, which is eight leogues to che weltwards of the 
Capes vpon che firſt ſigbt of the Cape toe diſcerned it a herp high land aid all growen ouer with 
trees, d tomming neere toit, we perceiued two headlands, as it were two Bayes berwirt 
them which opened right to the weſtward, and the vttermoſt of them is the Eaſterne Cape, chere 
we petttiuer che midole Cape, and the Caltermoſt Cape: the middle Cape ſcandeth not aboue 
a league from the well Cape, although che Carde ſheweth them to be chꝛee leagues one from the 
other: and that middle Cape hath rig be before the point of it, a final rocke fo neere to it. that it can 
not be diſterntd from the Cape, except a man be neere to the ſhoare, and vpon the fame Cape 
ſtandeth a great heape of trees and when a man is thwart the ſame Lape, to the Ealtward, there 
rifeth hard by it a round greene hommoke, which commeth ore of the maine. 

Che third Cape is about a league beyond the middle Cape, and is a high land like to the other 
Capes and ber wirt the middle. and the third connneth out a litle head op point of a land out of the 
mine, nd diuers rocks hard aboard the ſhoare. 

Bee we cameto the Capes, being about eight leagues off them, we had the lande South · 
kaſt, and by Eaſt and being patt the Capes the land runneth in againe Ealt Moꝛtheaſt. 

Ghout Two leagues beyond the farchett Cape there ig alow glade about two miles long, and 
then the land riſeth high againe, and biuers head lands tile one beyond another, and diuers rocks 
lie at the point of the fir heavland . The middeſt of theſe Capes; is the neereſt to the Sourhe 
mne, I meane further into the ſea, then anp of the ocher, lo that being to the Eallward of it, it 
may be dilcerned farve oll and being lu to the Eaſtward it riſech with two {mall rockes. a 

This day we ankered fop feare of vuerſhocting a towns called S. Iohns. Me ranne this day 
noc aboue eight leagues, In the aſternoone this day chere came a boate of the tountrey from the 
thoare, with Gnte men in her, and went along by vs, as we thought, to difcerne our flagge, but they 
would noc come neere vs, and when they had well looked Spon vs chey departed, 

Che fourth day in the moziung, failing by the coat, we elpieva teoge of rockes by the Hoare, 
andto the well wards of them two great zreene hils toptung together, fo that betweene them it 
was hollowe, like a ſabdle, and within the {ain rockes, the Mater thought che afoꝛenamed towne 
had ſtoode and therefoꝛe we manned our boated andtooks wich vs cloth, and other marchandize, 
and totved aſpoare, but going along bythe coaſt, we ſawe that there was no towne, therefore we 


went a deo againe. 5 

Ftoncheſe two hits altpeſaib, abottt two leagues to the Cattward , lie out iuto che fea almoſt 
tuo miles a lepge of rockes, and bepond that a great Bap, which runneth into the Noth orth: 
weſtward and the land in dis place lieth Mowth Moꝛtheaſt along the ſhoare: but the vttermolt 
point ofthe land in that plate that we could lee, lap Noꝛtheaſt, and by Catt from vs. 

Alter that we were with a ſmall gale of wind runne pat that vctermoſt head land, we ſawe a 
Great red cliffe, which che Mater againe iudgev to be the tome of S. Iohns, andthen we tooke 
our boate wich marthamize, and went thither and when we came thither, we percetuer that chete 
Seen enge erben rden imemr Fg eren g pee 

peop towne tame a great fort , AND waued vs to tome in witha perte 
of cloth, m fo tee went into a very faire Bape, which lieth to che Cat ward of the clette;t 
onthe towne ſtandeth and being wit hin the cliffe, we let fall our grapnell, and after that we had 
taried there a good ſpare they ent a boate aboopd of vs to ſdewe vs that chey had golbe, and they 

ewen be a peece aboue halte a trowne weight, and tequiter co Rnotwe our meaſures e dur weight, 
char hep might iet their Captaine cherevt: and wee traue them a mealute of to elles, and a 
lanigtcof two Angels co dhe w vnto him, which they tooke,and went on ſpoare, my ſhe we it bn 
tathett Captaine andthen they bronnhe vs a mealute of ttwo elles, one quarter and a halfe, and 


one 


„as Cape Tres 


106 The voyages and diſcoueries Wil.Towrfon. l. 


boates reete the Poxingais at that place tooke abey 
a man from them and after thoe at them with great bales, and did beate them from the place, wer 
let fall our grapneltalmoſt a bate (hot of the ſhoare and there we laye about two homes, and no 
boates came to vs. Then certainé of our men, with che Hindes boate, went into a Bape, which li 
eth tothe Eaſtward of the Cowne,and within that Baye they founda goodly freth riner, and aß 
terwards they tame, and wauedto vs alſoto come in, becaule they perceiuen the Hegtoen te 
come downe to that plate, which we did: and immediatly the Negroes came to vs, and made vs 
fignes chat they had golde, but none of them would come abooꝛd our boates, neither could we per 
ceiue anp boates that thep hadto come withall, ſo that we iudg ed chat the Woringals had {poles 
their boaates, becauſe we ſaw halfe of their tone deſtroied. f ons 

Wee hauing ſtaied there a good ſpace, and ſreing that they woulde not come to be, chats eur 
boates heaves a ſhoare, being both well appointed, and then the Capitaine of the Tone came 
dotune, being a graue man: and he came with his dart in his hand, and ſixe tall men after him, e 
uerx one with his dart, and his target, and their darts were all of pron, faire and harpe, and there 
came another after them, which catien the Capitaines volle: we ſaluted him, and put off our caps, 
and bowed our ſe lues, and he like one that thought well of himſe lle, did not moone his cappe, nop 
{cant bowed his body and face him downe very ſolemnly vpon his Mole: but all his men put off 
their caps to vs. and bowed doume themſelues. ' 
be was clothed ſromthe loines d mme, with a cloth of that Countrep making mapped about 
bim and mabe fal about his loines with a girdle, and his cap of a tertaine clochot the Countrey 
alſo, and bare legged, and bare footed and all bare aboue the loines,ercept his head. 

pts ſeruants ſame of them han cloch about their loines, and ſome nothing but a cloth berwirt 
their legges, and made fatt befoze, and behind; to their gitdles, and caps of theit owne making, 

ſome line a baſket, and lame like a great wide purſe ol beaſtes Thinne. ö 5 
All their cloth. copves, girdles, fing lines ann all ſuch like things tuhich they haue chey make 
. —— kee ato pe 
can make very a it orcuppas pons, pow 
oe , icc. which be of both fives extee⸗ 
ding ſharpe. and bended after the manner of Turkie blaves, and the moſt part of them haue har 
ging at their left five one of thoſe great vaggers. 

Their targets be made of luch pile ar there cloth is made ok, and very clofely mouse, and 
they be informe foure ſquare, and bery great, and ſumewhat anger then they be broad , fo that 
kneeling votone,thep make their targets tocouer their whole body. Their bowes be hone, and of 
& prettic ſtrength, as much as a man is able to dame with one of his fingers, and the ſiringe is of 
the barke ol atree, made flat, and about a quartetof an ynche bꝛoad: as for their artowes, N haue 
not as pet ſcene any of them, for they had mappedthem vp clofe, and becaufe J twas bus 
. not ſtande about it, to haue them open them. Their golde alſo they monde ve» 
ry well. . ' 2 5 25 8 

hen che Capitaine mas ſet, d leut him too elles of cloth, and tun batons, and gane them 
vnto him. aun he ſent againe for a waight of the fame meaſure, and J ſent him a weight of twa 
Angels, which he would not take, neich x would he lufferthe totune to buy any thing, but the bax 
fons of bpatle : fo that we ſolde that day 74. bafons,vuto the men of the totune , for about balfoan 
Angel weight one with another, and aine white batons, which tne ſoldt for a quarter of an Angel 


apeece,opthereabouts, 740 
Alle ſbewed them all our other thinges which we bad, but they did nut eſteeme them. 
_ About ron of the clocke, the Capitatne, who did depart in the moxning from vs, came againe, 
Se cour e . 
ſignes that the countrey would come to bis tatune that nigtt, greet 
Goze of glo, which in derd about 4,of the clocke they din in there came about 100 men Eber 3. 


ent into a which lie 
goodly freth riner, and aß 
perteiued the Negroes ta 
came to vs, and made bg 
ates, neither could we per 
be Pogtingals had ſpailed 


not come to vs, chuſt eur 
aine of the Towne came 
fire tall men after him, e⸗ 
bim, and put off our caps, 
not nwone his cappe, um 
les but all his men put off 


il. omrfon. l. Mil. Tomrſon. 1. ‘ofthe Bnglith nation. 


eigbt pat. 
. — — —e— anv the (hilfe well, fim feare of the Wey 


aud landev, detauſe they had no boates to come ta us, and ſo the poung man which was with vs 
the urbe befode, wag fent abvozn, tho ſee med to haur dealt and batgained before wich the Poy 
tingals,tor he could ſpeabee a litle Ponuguiſe, and as perfert in weights, and meaſures: at bis 
comming he offered vs as he had done before; one Angel, and rwelue graines, fo foure elles, 
and move he would not giue, aud made ſignes, that il we would not take chat, we ſbould depart, 
which we did: but before we did in deede depart. I offered him ol ſome rotten cloch thyee elles for 
his waight of an Angell, and twelue graines, which he would not take, and then we departen, 
making fignes to him that we would goe away, as in deen we would haue done, rather then haue 
giuen that meaſure, although the cloth was ill, ſeeing we were ſo neere tothe places, which we 
fudged to be better lo) fale, Then we went aboozd our ſhiypes, which lay about a league ok, ann 
tame backe againe to the thoare fo? ſande, and balaſte: aud then the Captaine perteiuing that the 
boates had bꝛought no marchandiſe, but came onely.for water, and ſand, and ſeeing that we would 
depatt, came vnto them making ſignes againe, to knowe whether wee would not giue the foure 
elles and they mave ſignes agaiue, chat we would güte chem but the, and when they ſawe that 
the bones were ready to vepart. they tame vnto them, and gaue chem the weight of one Angell, 
and twelne graines, which we required befoze, and made fines, that if me would come againe, 
they would take thats elles. So when the boates came aboom, we lated wares in them both, aud 
fon the ſperdier diſpatch, J and Iohn Sauill went in one boate, and the Maſter Iohn Make worth, 
andRichatd Curligin tq che other, aud tnt on ſhoate, and that night I tooke for my part, fiftic 
amtuo ounces, and tu the other home they cooke eight ounces and a quarter, all by one weight, 
a mtalure, and fo being dery late, woe depatted, and went aboozd,and tucke in all this bap cree 


The Kunth vay we went a ſhoare againe, um that vay J tooke in our boate thee pound, 19. 
ounces, ſo that we vilpaschen almott all che cloch chat we catitu with vs, beldze noone, and then 
Manty Of the people were veparted, x thoſ chat remained, had litle golde, petchep made vs lignes 
to fetch them fonte latten baſons, which J would not. betauſe J net to trifle out the time, 
dur goe thence wich ſpesde to Don Johns towne. But Iohn Saulll amm Iohn Make worth, were 
delicous to goe againe:and J, loth to binder them ol any ppofite,confenten,but went not my {elfe: 
ſo they tooke eig hteene ounces ol gold, and came away, {ering that the people at acettaine trie 
made. were departed. 

Uhile chey were at the ſhoare, chere came a poung fellows, which could fpeake a litle Poztu 
gule, wichthee moje wid) him and to him J ſolde 39, baſons, ann tuo ſmall white ſawters, fo 
thee ounces xc. which was the belt reckoning that we din make of any baſons: and in the fore: 
3 was at the ſhoate the Maſter ſolde fine baſons vnto the ſame le llom, for halfe an 
bunte ol golve. 5 

This kellow, as farre as we could perteiue, hap bene cater into the Calle by he Portingats, 
and was gotten away from them foz he told vs, that the Poringals were bad men, and that they 
mme them llaues, ik they could take them, and would put prons bpon cheir legges, and beſides he 
tolo vs, that as many Frenchmen, o; Englilhmen, ad they could takte (for he could name thele 


two very well.) they would hang them he told vs furthet, that there were 60. men inthe cafle, 60. Patm⸗ 


and chat euery peere there tame thicher two ſhippes, one great, and one ſmall taruell, and fur⸗ 
ther. chat Don lohn, han tarred with the Wontingals, whichgaue me the better courage to moe 
r lieth but foure leagues fromthe Cattle , there henct our men wete beaten 


Chis Fellows carne bew out ipbe tmishour feate, nw aldone io be cam he bemnded uh 
Wwe hadnt brows againe theit men, which che lalk peere we tooke away, and conto tell vs chat 


it 
here mere nie takten away by Englichmens we made him anfwere, chat hep were in orm Aas 


la 
— 
Sore tobe 
coyrupt. 


eure 


108 The voyages and diſcoueries WTomfon, 1. 


ayt, whirh is v “Seo 
. hep tout be iene of hem 
hopletailes , bones: and fome of our men going a Qhoare, ſould 


Daſſee, daſſee, 

Sheke, 

Cowrte, 

Cracca, 

Bafsina, 

Foco,foco, Cloth, 
* Molta, Buch»? great ſtoꝛe. 

The eight vay in the moꝛning we had lighe af che Cattle but by reaſeu of a miſte that then fel, 
we could not haue che perfect fighe of it. till we were almoſt at the tone of Don Iohn, and then 
it cleered vp, and we ſawe it, and a white houſe as it were a Chappell vpon the bill about it :then 
we halled into the ſboare, within two Engliſh miles of Don Johns tomne, and there ankered info 
VVV we perceiued that the currant went wich 
the winde. 12 5 
Che land here is in ſome places lowe, and in ſome big h and full of wood altogether, 

The towne of Don Iohn is but litle, at᷑ about twentie houſes, and the moſt part of che tohnt 
is walled in with a wall of a maus height, mane wirh rerde op ſedge. m Lome ſuch thing · Here we 
ſtaied two 02 tine ho wꝛes after we had ankered tu {ee if any man would come vnto vs: and les 
tug that none did come, we manned our boates, and put in marchandise, and went, andankered 
with our boates neere to the ſhoare : thentbey ſent out a man to vs, who made vs ſignes that thet 
was the towne of Don Iohn, and that be himſelfe was in the Countrep, and would be at home at 
the going downe of che Sunne, and when be had done, he requireda reward, as the moſt parte 
them will doe, which come firſt aboo zd, and J gaue him one ell of cloth, and he departed, and the 
night we heard no more of him. res 

The ninth day in the mopning, we went againe with our boates to che thoare, anvebere came 
fooxth a boate to vs, who made fignes that Don ohn was not come home, but would be at home 
this day: and to rhat place alfo came another boate from the other towne, a mile from this, which 
ig called Don Deuis and bꝛougbt with bim gold to ſbew vs. making ſignes that we ſhould come 
thether. I then left in this place Iohn Sauill and John Maker ori, and tooke the inde, and 
went to the other towne, aud there ankered,and tooke cloth, and w.: ſhoare with the boate,and 
by and by the boates came to vs, and bzought a meature of foure pros long ¢ a halfe, and ſhe wen 
vs a weight ok an Angell, and twelue grainet. which they would giue fo fo much, and not other 
wileꝛſo J ſtaied, and made no bargaine. And all this day the barke Lap at Don Iohns towne, aud 
did nothing, hauing anſwer that he was not come home. 

Cbe tenth day we went againe to the ſhoate, and there came out a boate with good fore of gold 
and hauing dꝛiuen che matter off a long time, and hauing bꝛought the meafure to a naile leſſe then 
thꝛee elles, and their weight to an Ange ll andtwentie graineg,and could not brug them to moy, 
A did conclude with them and ſolde, and within one quarter of an bonne, J tooke one pound and 
a quarter of an ounce of gold: and then they made me ſignes to tary til chey had partes their cloth 
vpon the ſboare, as their manner is, and they would come againe, and fo they went away, am 
lap che cloth all abꝛaad vpon the ſand, peete by pete, and by and by one came running down 
from the towne to them, and (pake vnto them, ee forthwith euery man made as much halte as he 
could awap, and went into the woods. to hide his golde, and his cloch : we miſtruſted e 


Meer 


pep bono bie forne of then 
en going a Hoare, fouing 


pof a miſte that then fel, 
me of Don Iohn, and then 


ld come vnto vs: and {er 
Fe, and went, and ankert 
bo mabe bs fignes,chat thet 
rp, and would be at home at 
and he departed, and tha 


the ſhoare, and chere came 
me, but would be at home 
. 


at Don Iohns towne, and 


ate with good ope of cold, 
neaſure to a naile leſſe chen 
ild not bung them to moe, 


Fl. Jonrſon. 1. of the Englifh.oation, 


ne and bemg waued bp them to come a (hoare, pet ne would noe but went aboowt the Hinde, and 
perteiued vpon the bill o auen which we iudged to be Portingals; and they went vp to the toppe 
seve hill aud there muſtered and ſhewed themfelues, A llagge withthem. Then J being 
deſitous to knom what the Hart did tocke the Hindes Mate and ment towardes her, and when J] 
came neere to them, ey ſhot olf two pieces of oydinance which A matueiled at: Imade as much 
halte ag A could to her, and met her boace Silfe comming from the ſhoare in all haſte, and wee 
met aboopd together. They ſhewed me that they had bene a ſhoare all that dap, and had giuen to the 
2. ſonnes of Don Iohn, to either ol them 3. pardes and a halfe of cloth, and z. baſans bet wirt them, 


phap delivered him moze 3. pards of cloth and the waighcof an Angel aud 12 graineg, and be⸗ Che eng, 
alm did tarie fop his aufoere, and in the meane time the Portingals tame running from the Meot ans 
ll bpon them, whereok the Negroes a litle befage bab given them warning, and bad chem co goe tuaded ous 


away but they perceiuedit not, The ſonne of Don Iohn tonſpired with the Porcingals againt 


them, ſo that they were almoſt vpon them, but yet they recouered their boate and ſet off rom the 


fhoare, andthe Portingals (hot their ca leeuers at them, but hurt no man, and chen the ſhiype percei⸗ 
wings it ſhot olf the 2. pieces alq;elaid among them. Mereupon, we laped baſes in both the boates, 
amd in the Okille and manned them well, and went a ſhoare againe, but becauſe of the winde we 
could not land, but lay or in the ſea about 10. ſcope and fhot at them but the hill ſuccoured them. aud 
they from the rocks and from the biltes thot at vs with their halle hake s, x the Negroes moje fo? 
feare then for loue food by them to helpe them and when we ſawe that the Negroes were in ſuch 
ſubiection vnto them that thep durſt uot (ell vs anything fon feare of them we went abooꝛde, and 
that night winde kept at the Catto that we could not with our ſhip fetch the Hinde, but J tooke 
the boate in the night and went abooꝛd the barke to ſee what was there to be done, and in the mo} 
ning we perceiued the towne to be in like cafe layd with Portingals, fo wee wayed ¢ went along 


the coat, This towne of lohn de Viſo ſtandeth vpon an hill like the towne of Don John, but it Sen Jene 
hath bene burned, lo that there are not palling 6. houles in it: the moſt part of the golde that comes wito: 


thither comes out ok the coũtrey, ¢ uo doubt i the people durſt oz feare ofß Portingals bing Forth 
their gold there would be had good ſtqe:but they dare not fel any thing their ſubiection is ſo great 
tothe Portingals. The 1 1. day rũning by the ſhoare we had fight of a litle towne q. leagues ftõ the 
laſt to une that we came from, x about halle a league from that of another towne vpõ a hil, x halfe 
a league from that allo of another great to wne vps the ſhoare: whither we went to {ee what could 
there be done: ik we coulde doe nothing, then to returne to the other to wne, becaule wee thought 
that the Portingals would leaue the tone vpon our departure. Pere grew ſome contention as 
bout one Grefham abooppe the Hinde, who refufen to dndertake further paines without further 
wages: but the matter was quieted, for Packman tooke the charge which ye refuſed, and fo wee 
iment cowards the (hoare, but the winde (canted fo that we could not doe it. Along from the cattle 
vnto this place are very high hilles which may be ſeene aboue all other hilles but they are full of 
wood, ¢ great red cliffes by the ſea ſide. The boates of hele places are ſome what large e bigge, 
lex one of them wil carp 12. men, but their ſonne is alike with the former boats of the coaſt. There 
ire about theſe to wnes fein riuers: their lãguage differeth not fr the language vſed at Don Iohns 
towue:but euery one tan ſpeake 3. c; 4. woꝛds of Portuguiſe, which they wien altogether to vs. 

Ne law this night about 5 ofthe clocke 22. boats running along the ſhoare to the Meſtward, 
whereupon we ſuſpected ſome knauerie intended againſt vs. The 12. day therefore we fet ſaile 
aud went further along the coalt, x deſcried moge townes, wherin were greater houles then inthe 
other totes, ¢ the people came out of che townes to looke vpon vn, but we could fee no boates. 
Two mile beyond the Eaſtermoſt towne are blacke rocks which black rocks contimte to p vtter 
malt cape of the Land, which is about a league off. x chen p land rumes in Caf noꝛtheaſt, x a fandp 
thoare againe; vpon theſe black rocks came botune certaine Negroes, which waued vs tb a white 
llag but we perceiuing p principal place to be neere, would not ſtay. but bare Mill along the ſhoare: 
and as ſoone as we had opened} point of che land, we railed another head land about a league of 
the point, which had a rocke lying off it into the fea, e that they thought to be che place which we 
fought, Mhen we came almoſt thwart the place they knew it, x we put wares into our boat. c the 
Hip being within halte a mile of the place ancred in 5. fadom water, and faire ground. ie went 
on thoare with our boate, and aucred about 10. of the clocke in the foxenoone: we ſam many boates 
lying vpon the ſhoare, and diuers came by vs, but none of them would come neere vs. being as we 
iumgedafrayed of vs: becauſe that foure men were taken perforce the la peere from this plare, ſo 
that no man came to vs, whereupon we went aboode againe, and thought here to haue made no 
fale: pet tuwardes night a great fort came Downe to 


with a whtre lagge, and alterwarde theit b carne Dohme and many men m 


water fide, and waued v on ſhoare 
an 


Foure men ta 


ken away bp 


the Sngisth, 


u Thevoyagesanddilcoueries. Wil.Towr/on.. 1 


aud fate him Downe by the ſhoare vnder a tree: which uhen J perceiued,F cooke chings with my 
to giue him: at laſt he fent a boat to tall to v, which would not come neere vs. but made vs figneg 
to tome againe the next dap: but in line, J got them to come abooꝛd in oltering them thinges 
to giue to their captaine, which were twoelles of cloch one latton baſon one white baſon, a bottle, 
a great piece of beete, ¢ 6, bitkes cakes, which they recetued making vs fignes to come againe the 
next day, ſaping, that their Captaine was Grand Capitane as appeared by chole that attend 
vpon him with their darts, and targets, and other weapons. ö 
This towne is verp great and ſtands vpon a hill among trees, fo that it cannot well be ſeen 
extept a man be neere itsto che Eaſtward of it vpon the hil bard bp che towne Rand two high trees, 
which is a good marke to knowwe the towne. And vnder the cotone lieth another hill lower thentt, 
whereupon the fea beates: and that ende next the ſea is all great blacke rockes, and beyond the 
totune in a bap lieth a nother ſmall towne, N 
The 13. day in the morning wee tooke our boate and went to ſhoare, and ſtaped till tenne a 
clocke aud no man came to vs: wee went about cherefore to returne abooꝛde and when the Ne⸗ 
groes fatue that, they tame running dotne with a flagge to waue vs againe, fo wee atcren » 
gaine, and then one ſbewed vs that the br would come downe by and by: wee ſawe afaik 
in the meane time paſſe by vs, but it was mall, and wee regarded it not. Being on ſhoare wee 
made a Tilt with our Dares and faile,anv then there came a boate to vs with liue men in her, who 
bought vs againe our bottle, and bought me a henne. making ſigneg by the ſunne, that within 2, 
houres the marchants of the countrey would come downe and bupe all chat wee had: ſo J gaue 
them 6. Manillios to carryto their Captaine, and thep made ſignes to haue a pledge of vs, any 
they would leaue vs another man: and we willing to doe ſo, put one of our men in their boate bu 
they would not giue vs one of theirs, fo wee tooke our man againe. and there tarried forthe mari 
chants: and ſhoztly after one tame downe arapen like their Captaine, with a great traine after 
him, who faluced vs friendly, and one of the chiefeſt of them went ¢ fate Downe vnder a tree, where 
the latt pere che Captaine was wont tof: and at laſt we perteiued a great many of them to ftany 
at the ende ol a hollow way, x bebinde them the Portingals had plante d a baſe, who ſudden ly thee 
at va, but ouerſhot vs, and pet we were in a maner hard by them, and they thot at vs againe belt 
we could ſhip our oares to get away, but did no hurt. Then the Negroes came to che rocks hard by 
vs, and diſcharged Caleeuers at vs, and againe the Portingals ſhotte offtheir baſe tinife moge, and 
then our ſhip hot at them, but the rockes and billes nefeuned them. N 
Then we went abooꝛd to goe from this plate, ſeeing the Negroes bent againſt vs, berauſe that 
the laſt peere M. Gainſh did take away the Captaines fonne, and 3. others from this place with 


Sli in An. their gold, and all chat they had about them: which was the tauſe that they became kriendes wich 


the Portingals, whom before they hated as did appeare the laſt peere by the courteous tntcrtaines 
ment which the Trinitie had there, when the Captaine came aboorve the thip,and bꝛought themto 
his tomne, and offered them ground to build a caſtle in, and there they had goon ſales. 

The 14. day we waped ¢ plyed backe againe to ſecke the Hinde, which in p mozning we met, 
and fo we turned both backe to ß Catwardsto fee what we could do at that place where the Tri- 
nitie did fel her d friſes the laſt peere, The Hinde had taken 18. ountes c a halfe moze otgolde of 
other Negroes, the dap after that we leſt them. This day about 1. of the clocke we eſpied certaine 
boates vpon the ſand e men by them, and went to them with marchandiſes, and cooke 3 ounces of 
gold fo 1 8. fuffs of cloth, euer y fuffe 3. pardes ¢ a halfe after one Angel, and 12. graines che fuffe, 
andthen they made me fignes thatthe next day J ſhould haue golde prough : ſo the Malter tooke 
the Hind with Iohn Sauil, and Iohn Make worth, e went to feeke the place afopefaiv,e I with Ri- 
chard Pakeman remained in this place, to fee what we could doe the next day: and when the Ne- 
groes perteiued out (ip to go away, they feared that the other would folow,¢ fo ſent forth 2. boats 
to vs with 4. men in them, requiring vs to tarp, eto gine them one man fo2 a plevge, and 2. of them 
ſhould cary with vs fo him, ſ Edward M. Morleis feruant ſeeing theſe men fo earneſt therein ol 
fren himſelke to be pledge ¢ we let him go foz 2 o them, one whereof had hes waights and ſcales, 
ant a chaine of gold about his necke, and another about his arme. They vid eate of (uch things as 
we had and were wel contented. In the nigbethe Negroes kept a light vpon the ſhoare thwart 


tmgale of vs, about 1. okthe clocke we hard e fato the light of a bate which thot off twiſe at the ſaid light, 


and by ¢ by diſcharged 2. caleeuers, which in the end we perteiued to be p Portingals Brigandine 
which folowen vs krö place to plate, to giue warning to the people of the coũtrey, chat they outa 
not deale with vs. Tle 15. day in the moꝛning the captaine came dolune with 100 men with im, 
and bꝛanght bis tuife,¢ many others bouche chert wines alfo,becanfe theit tone waz d. mile bp 
in the Coimtrex and they determined to lie by the fea foe til they bad bought what they fain 


il. owrfon, I. 


nen. I tooke things with ny 
e 

, mt 

on one white baton, — 

vs fignes to cume againe the 

ated by thoe that attende 


that it cannot well be ſeent 
totone ſtand two high trret, 
b another hill lower cheng, 
acke rockes, and beyond the 


poate, and ſtaped till tenne i 
aboode, and when the Ne. 
os againe, fo wee ancred 
by and by: wee lawe a fate 

not. Being on ſhoare wet 
og with liue men in her, who 
by the ſunne, chat within 2, 
all that wee had: ſo J gaut 
sto haue a pledge of vs, au 
our men in their boate, bu 
ind there tarried for the mat 
e, with a great traine after 
e downe vnder a tree, where 
great many of them to ſtam 
da baſe, who ſuddenly thee 
hey ſhot at vs againe befne 
s came to the rocks hard by 
their bale twiſe moze and 


ent againſt vs, becaufe that 
others from this place with 
they became friendes wich 
bp che courteous intertatnes 
be ſhip , and brought themto 
had good ſales. 
hich in p mozning we met, 
t that place where the Tri 
8 C a halfe moze otgolde of 
e clocke we eſpied certaine 
iſes, and tooke 3. ounces of 
Land 12. graines the fulfe, 
wugh: ſo the Maſter toolt 
lace afopeſaid, q J with Ri- 
ext dap: and when the Ne- 
low, e fo ſent forth 2. boatg 
for a pledge, and 2. of them 
men ſo earneſt therein ol⸗ 
av hig waights and ſcales, 
did cate of ſuch things as 
rhe vpon the ſhoare thinart 
t offtwiſe at the ſaid light, 
eß Portingals Bꝛigandine 
ye colitrep, that thep ſhould 
e with 100. men with him, 
— thep tox 
p won 
Tien 


dl cyon! 1421 ofthe Englifh nation. 


Then 8 fent dur man aboozd, and required to haue two men pleoges, and he him 
eee ee him 2. ol whome he tooks but one, and fo came abooꝛd vs bee 
ano bis unite, with diners of his friends, ¢ brought me a gvate andtwoa great rootes,¢ J gaue him 
againe a latton bafon,a white baſon, ö manillias, and a bottelul Malmieſie, and to his wie a final 
catket. After this we began to make our mealure and weight: and hee had a waight of his owne 
which held one Angel and 14. graines, and required a mealure of .elles and a halfe. Ju ſine we 
concluded the 8, pate fo) one Angel, and 20, graines, and befope wee had done, they tooke mine 
eight and meafute, Psa ' 
py ee tooke 8,1i,1 ounce of gold: and fince p departure of the Hinde J hard not of ber, 
but when our pledge went into the countrep the firt night, he laid he ſaw her caſt ancre aboue flue 
leagues ktom chis place. The 17. day J ſold about 17. Pieces ol cloch and taoke g. l. 4. dunces and 
abalteof geld. The 18. day the captaine vefired to haue ſame of out wine, and offered halfe a duc 
ket of gold fop a bottel: but I gaue it him freelp,and made him and his traine dyiuke belideg. Aud 
this bap allo I tooke e al gold. The 15. day we ſuld about 18. clothes, ann tooke 4, 
and one quarter of golde. 

Che f — 3 sSanueees anda quarter of gold. The 21. wetooke 8. l.. ounces and 
aquatter, The 22.3.1i,8.ounces ¢ a quarter. And this night about 4. of che clocke the captaine 
who had lapen all this while vpon the fhoare, went away with all che reit of the people with him. 

The 23. day we were waued a ſhoate by other Negroes, and ſolde them cloth, cafkets,kniues, 
and a dolen of bels, and tooke 1. li. o. ounces of gold. The 24. like wiſe we ſold bels, ſheeteg, and 
thimbles and tooke 2. li.. aunce, and a quarter of golde. The 25. dap we ſold 7. doſen of ſmal bels, 
mn other things, and then perceiuing their gold to be done, we waped ¢ fet ſaile and went to lee 
ward to ferke the Hinde, and about 5 of the clocke at nigbt we had light of her. and bare with her, 
aud vnderſtood that (he had made ſome ſales. The 26. day we reteiued out of the Hinde 48. li. 36 
ounces, ¢ i. eight part of gol, which they hav taken in the time chat we were from them, And this 
pay vpon the requeſt of a Negro that came buto vs from a captaine, we went to fhoare with our 
marchandife,and cooke 7. l. and x ounce of gold. At this place they required no gages ol vs but at 
night they ſent a man abooꝛd vs, which lay with vs all night, becauſe we might knowe that they 
would alſo come to vs the next day. Che 27. day in boch our ſhippes we tooke 8. li. l. ounce, yee 
quurters and halfe a quarter ot golde. The 28, wee made fales for the companie, and tooke 
1. li and halfe an ounce of golde. The 29. day in the mopning we heard 2. caleeuers ſhot off vpon 
the ſhoate, which we iudged to be either by the Portingals, oy by the Negroes of the Portingalss 
we manned out boates and armed our felues and went to thoare, but could finde nothing: foy they 
were gone. The z o. day we made more ſales fo? the companie, and for the Watters. 

Che 3 . we ſent our boate to {hoare co take in ſand foꝛ balaſt, and there our men mette the Ne- 
groes, with whom they had made ſale the day befoze a ſiſhing, which did helpe them to fill ſande, 
and hauing no gold, ſold lich to our men fox cheir handkerchiels, and nightherchiefs, 

r. day of Febzuarie we wayed and went to another plate, and tooke 1. li. 9. ounces 3. quar⸗ 


ters ol gold. The 2. day we made moe ſales: but hauing vie wed our victuals, we determined to 


tatie no long time vpon the coat, becaule the moſt part of our diinke was ſpent, and chat which res 
e lounge. The 2. and 4. dapes we made ſome ſalea though not greatly, and ſiuding the 
winde this 4. dap co come offthe ſhoare, wee fet faile ¢ ranne along the ſhnare tothe Qleſtwards: 
vpã this coatt we found by experience, that oꝛdinartly about 2.of the clocke in thenighethe winde 
coms offthe ſhoare at Noꝛdthnoꝛtheaſt, and fo continueth vutill d, ok the clocke in the moꝛning: and 
al the reſt of the day and night it comes ont of the South welt: and as fop the tide op currant vyon 


due sana 1. * bap ee The 5 dap we continued fapling anv thought to 
aue met with ſome Eng liſh ſhips, but lound none. . N 
The day de wene out South wet to fetch onverche line, and ranne by eftimation 24. 


leagues, The 7. day we tanne about 20. leagues, the 8. dax 1 2. leagues, the ꝙ. dap, 16. leagues, 
the 10. dap, 18. leagues the 1 1. dap, 16. leagues, and fo many moze the 12. Day. 
The 13. day we thought our ſelues by our reckoning to be cleare of the Cape dos Palmas, and 
5 th formants many more the 16. day 
The 14. day we ranne 16.leagues the 15. 20. d many . 
wie e e ae eee 
er continued all day and ni i der ¢ li 3 ‘ 
leagues, The 18. day we had another Ternado,the winde being at Roꝛth welt,and by Merk: we 
kanne this day 12. leagues, The 19. dap we raime 10. leagueg. The 20. dap not about 5 leagues, 
Haat of che peat change of winnes, am falle meter. 
R 2 The 


Febyuarte, 


returne 
ende. 


* 
11 Tbe voyages and diſcoueries W.Towr/on, i. 

Che 21. we rame bur courſe wich a good gale 25. leagues. 5 

Che 22. day Chriftopher Rawlinfon our Cooper, who had bene liche fm 8 
neth befoxe, died about d. ol the cloche at night. whole will I made before his Death), Chis nigty 
we deſcried two ſaile of tal thips, but were concent to dum quicely, ant eme wen ore 

Cape de oͤte. with them. This day by dur reckoning we were thwart of the Cape de Monte, which is to the 
Weſtward of the Niuer de Seftos, about 30. leagues. pha 

Che 23. dap we reteiued William Iobber fo out Cooke, perteiuing that the Cooke bintetle 
was weake and not able co doe that ſeruite for which he was ſhipped. 

The 24. day we tanne about 20. leagues, the 25. day 25. leagues the 26. day 16 leagues. 

The 27. day we had a great Ternado put of the Doutheakk with much raine, which concinurs 
not aboue one houre, and then the winde came againe to the South welt with a good gale: and u 
made way this dap 12. leagues. 

The 28. day we had another Ternado out of the Noꝛth, and Noꝛtchnozthweſt, but continued nog 
long, and fo became calme againe prefentip, 

The 29. day we rane ( betauſe of the varietie of windes, not aboise 7. leagues. 

The fir nap of March in a Ternado we loſtthe Hinde, whereup...: we ſet vp a lighe, and foe 
off a piece but could not heare of her, ſo that then we ſtrooke our fatle and taried fop her, and in the 
winging San RR of her againe, 3, leagues a ſterne ol vs. Ne ranne as we accompted this dap 

leagues, 

Cbe s.day we ranne 1 6, leagues the 3. 20. leagues, the 4,20.leaques move, 

The 5. day we had light ofa Cartel of about 100, tunues to the winde wards of vs and then 
Fee cat about and gaue her the chaſe vntill 4, of the clocke, but coulde not 

tche her. a 

From this vaptill the 22. of this moneth wee went our courſe directly. Apon which 22. dap 
we found our ſelues to be in the height of Cape Ve rde which ſtandes in 14 degrees, and a halle. 

From this day till the 29. day we continued ou urſe, and then we found our ſelues to be in 
Fe es. d 8 11 W ha had bene long ſicke, died in bis 

eepe, his apparell was di to thole that » and his money was akttendet 
to be deliuered them at dur home. ö e 

The 30. dap we founve our felues to be vnder the Tropike, 

Che 3 1. dap we went our toutſe, and made wap 18 leagues, | 
From the 1. day ol April coche 20, we went our courſe, and then found our felues to be inthe 
height of the Acores. 485 

The ſeuenth day of May wee fell wich the South part of Jrelande, and going on ſhoare wih 
out boate had freth dꝛinke, and twoſheepe of the countrep people, which were wũde Kernes, and 
we gaue them golde for them, and bought further ſuch other victuals as wee had neede of and 
er dg erue vs Abd ping 5 N dec 

12. of May we i Ille of Lundy in annel of Briftoll which lpeth about 
5. leagues from the maine land of England. : ene 

The 13. day wee came betwirxt the Mat Holmes aud che ſteepe Holmes, which are about 7, 
leagues from Briſtoll. 

The 14. day wich the afternoone tide we went into the Wort of Briſtoll calla Hungrode, and 
there ancred in fafetie aud gaue thankes te God for dur fafe arriuall. 


The ſecond voyage made by M. William Towrfon to 
the coat of Guinea and the (ale of Mina, in the yere 1556. 
with the Tiger of London, a ſhippe of 20. tunnes, the Hart of London 
of 60,tunnes,anda Pinneſſe of 16. tunnes. 


e be 14.dap of September, the prere aboue laid, at S. ok the clocke in the muzning 
wee departed from Harwiche, and directed our cotrſe forthe Ille ot Sillye, to 

| (Fes meete there with the Hart and Pinneſſe, which were rigged and vittnalled at 

Briſtoll, butarttuing there the 28, day wer founde chem not,andeberefone alter 

N long lping at hull to tarrie for them, but not efpping them, wee turnt to 

sae SoS» Plimmouth the 1 2, day of October, and being there, che Hart and the 

Aovember, came to ds; ſo that che 15. of Rouembet we all departed togecher from Plimmouth at one of the 
clocke 


SIRF gs ES aragk| = 


pages 


811812871 


715 


ALLE 


er 


4.5 


Fe 


2 


Jil ase i 


ede Monte, which is to the 
ng that the Cooke himſellt 


the 26. day 1 6leagues, 
uch raine, which continued 
eft with a goon gale:and iu 


doychweſt, but continued nog 


e 7 leagues, 

we ſet vp alight, and hoe 
and taried for her, and inthe 
as we accompted this day 


es mone, 
neren of vs, and when 
the clocke, but coulde not 


ctly. Upon which 22. dap 
in 14. degrees, and a half. 

pe found our ſelues to be in 
bene long ſicke, died in his 
v was kept tos bis kriendet 


found our ſelues to be inthe 
e, and going on ſhoare wich 
ich were wilde Kernes, and 
ls as wee had neede of, n 
f Briftoll, which lyeth about 
Tolmes, which are about 7, 


ſtoll tallod Hungrode, and 


Towrfon to 
the yere 1556. 


e Hart of London 


the clocke in the mozning 
avfe foʒ the Ille of Sillye, to 

e rigged and victnalled at 
chem not, andcherefoze oun! 
them, wee turuer 
e, the Hart and the 
om Plimmouth at 


ofthe 
clocke 


% 


Wil. Wal. Tonen. 2. cee sil | 


— te 282 wen geet Me of Porc SanZloa tert ep ö 
rr Pane nee noe tat Cop ecember, 


there cettaine Catuels fy P 
5 — — — 
Wes falas il it had bene the ouer · 


of certaiue Curranti did ſet tothe 
aer ee Ye men fare cepa ny tr ary ome 
n conive finde ground in thi plac, be faunben em at 130 fem, and no 


departer. 

Cbez . . and bad fr ft gbec€ teabour 4,leagued 
off, he beſt marke that wee could take of the place to knowe it, was thꝛee bites, which laye 
Nuthtaſt and by Eat from vs betwitt the Mopchermoft tis billes, there are two high anv 
great trees ſtanding in ſigbe as it wert a failes breadth one from another, and a litle moze to the 
Buch weſtwards are certaine ſailed ſomenuhat into the ſhoare, wee tooke 
dur ſtlues tu be ſhatte ſomemhat 


oes, 


hommocks. Dauing 
— de Settos,fo chat hoe heye about to fetche it. And 
a lile after wee hav ſigbt of three ſailes ol Ouppes, and two pinneſles which were in che weather 
erbt and hauing abe al them, we mie our ſelues readte to meete them, and balled off our fips 
tofeeche the winde as nere as wee coulde: and hauing ſayled about an houre on two, they alfo 
went about, and went aa wer went tu make ehemſelues readie, and when wee had them iu chace, 
they went away from dur bur when eee eee readie, thep kept about againe, 
and came wich vs very finelp appointed wich their freamers, arm pendants and enſignes, aud 
nople sf trumpets very bꝛauely: fo when ie metabepbed te eather of bs and wee being des 
termined to fight ik they had bene Portingals, waued them to come vnder out lee, which they ves 
nied ltontiy: then de demaunded of chem thence they wert, and they ſaide ol F raunce, we tolde 
them againe that wr were uf London in England. They alter of vs what Portingals mee had 
feent, wee anſwered, none but fihermen: then they tolde vs that there were certaine Portin 
ſhippes gone tothe Mina to defende it, and that they mette with another at the Riuer de Seſſos, 
which wan a ſlipne ot two hunnreth, which they had burned, and har ſaued none but the Matter 
and tivo op three 6 which were fore burned, which they left a thoare 
there. Then they deſired to come aboowe of vs with their boten to talke with vs and wee gaue 
them leaue. Then the Captaine al the Admirall and diners others came aboo me very friend» 
1p, velizing vs to keepe them company becauſe of the Portingals, anv to goe to the Mina with 
. not wateren, and chat we were but nome fallen with the coaſt, 
. leagues paſt the Riuer de Seſtos: notwithanding there 
mas water ynoughto bee had, andthey would vs to water with their owne boates, bes 
caufe they would haue our companis, Aud tolde vs further chat they han bene fire weekeg 
rasp vamp gotten but thꝛee tunne of graines among them all: and when wee had 
heard them, we mane our reckoning that although the Mine were cleare, 8 if thep did — 
lit va they would marxe our market; and if it were not cleare, then if the l 
and did take them, they would vnderliande that wee were behtnde, and fo houlde oe bun oe 
And further wee made at 
coaſt were cleare: if & were not ſleare, then by them, wee were aſlured to be the ſronger. Cheres dan 
8 conlidered thus much of their gentle offers, wee tolde them that che next day wee 
would tonkerre more larwelp of the macter. Mhereupon they deſited mee to come the next day 
to dinner to chem, anbro bring tbe Puffern of dur fbeppes with mee, and ſuch marchants as J 
thought good, pꝛommiſing to pine bs water out of cheit one ſhiypes if we would take it. o els to 
tarie with vs, and belpe vs to water with their one boates and Pinneſſes, 
Tbeoneandthittieth day in the morning, che Apmicall ſent bia boate abonde fim mee, aud 3] 
tooke our Maſters and certaine of our te went ta him, who had prowided a notable 
banquet fop vs, andintreated vs herp. frienniy, un Mill to heepe his companie, panic, ie 
Ling that what victuals were in bis ſhippen, en other chinges that might vos vs pleaſure 
eames aap coe alt ong Ds nt, bis. Flagges, an 
tobe at our commaundement in all t 
Ticats agree tre fom ace bgt on ree Gms 
. aut of France, to {eeke 
oe ene ene ane and wunde noe rome at bi. All 
Geng boates continue on ſhoare. ne 


Ne feck day of January owe boats carte to be 


A 3 


te aan Yay rae — Sierra Leong 


Anden ine isnt theme ou Doe as well ag thepif the 225725 


5 e bean nia oreo me me 


— — ſ— 
14° he voyages and gilcoueries il. Tonrſon. 1. 


payed and fet ſalle aud ancren a 


cas 


pe bck shawnee and bat gained, and tobe 5fnall Cliphance teeth. 

The — the french Admirall and we cooke 3 5.finall teeth. Chis dan tne cooke 30. men 
woh vs ¢ went to lecke E liphauts gur men being all well armen with harquebultes, pikes,tng 
bowes crollebowes long ſwoꝛda, and 8 mw buchlers: me founde 2. Cliphante 
which we Mrooke diuers times with harquebuiles and long bowes but they went away fromye 
and burt one of our men. The 5. day we ſet faile and ranne along the cost... Sint 

The 6. day we fell with the Riuer of S. Andros, at which place the lande is fomewhar high 


‘ tothe KMleltward of cheRiucr, aud a latte bap allo tu the Cletward of it: but cathe Catt warve of 


Captaine 
Miundel the 
French Mos 


it it is lowe land. * 2 

” Che 7. day we went intoche Riner and found no village, bur certaine teilbe Negroes not ar 
cutomed to trade It is a very great Riuer, and /. ſadom mater in ſome places at the entring: hett 
we filled water. and after Cet fate, 

Che — 5 we lalled along the (hope and came to che red cliffes, and went loywarde in fapling 
Meee ; o. day we came together to conſtr with Captaine Bluadel Admiral of the French tips, 
crom Baudet his vice Admiral, and Iohn de Orleans maſter of a hip of 70 tunne, and with theit 
matchants,and agreed that when God ſhpuld lende vs to any place where we might make (ale, 
that we ſhoulo be of one actoꝛd and not ont of vs hurt the market ol the other, but certaine of our 
boates to make the price fop all the rett, and then one boate to make fale for euery Hhippe, This 


ght our boates going to the Thoate met buth certaine Negroes, tubo laid that they had gold, and 


therefore we here calt ancre. ; 
Che 1 1. day all the dap we tooke but one halle angel waighe of . graines which we tooke by 
hand fz the people of this place had no waighe: che Negroes called this place Allo we. 5 
The 12. day we ranne along the coaſt and found but one cotone, but no boates would come out 
to ve, and thereleye we went our tourſe. oft, . 
The 13.0 J cooke my bonte and went along che hhoare,¢ paflen by diners final toner an 
was waued to comme on Hoare at 3. places butthe fea went ſo high vpon the ſhoart that it was not 
pollible for vs to land neither tould they — f ort a Itould fee none but 
at one plate, wbere there was one that would haue co vs hut the land wah went fo fore, 
that it ourrtine w his boate, and one ofthe men was roomed, which che people lamented,and cried 
ſo loge. that we might ealily heare them, and they got his body out of the lea, and caried it amongt 
them to their to wne. re ‘ te oat 
The 1 4,dap we came within Maker ſhot of the caltte, ¢ ſtraight way they Cet och an Almade 
to deſtrie vs, and when they perteiued that we were no Portingals, they ran within the sotune & 
atures for there is a great towne by the cattle, which is called by the Negroes, Dondow. With 
out this there lie two great rocks like Mands, and the cattle andeth vpon a point which ſdeweth 
almoſt like an Mand. Before we came at this caſtle, we found che land for 5.0) 6 Leagues to bet 
high land, and about 7, leagues beſoze we tame to the cattle, low land vntill we came at the taſtel, 
and then we found p land high againe. This cattle ſtaudeth about 5. leagues on this five the Cape 
Trois points, Here I tooke the boate with dur Negroes aub rann alonatt che ſhoare till J rame 
tothe Cape ¢ found two final townes, but no boates at them, neither any trafique to be had. At 
chele places our Negroes did vnderſtanb them well, and one of them went a ſhoare at all the pla 
ces and was well reteiurd ol chem: this night we antred at the Cape Trois points, 
The 15. day I tocke our boate ¢ went along the ſhoare, x about 3. leagues beyond the Caller 
moſt part of the Cape we found a faite bay where we ran in, and found a mall cowne and certaine 
bostes which belonged to the fame tonne, but che Negroes tit a long time would not come to bs, 
but at the laſt by the perlwaſion of our owne Negroes one boat came to vs, and wich him we ſent 
George our Negro a ſhoare, and after he hav eatken with chem, they tame a boch our boats with 
out feare, & J gate to their captaiue a baſon, two ſtrings ol Margarete, o they ſhewed bs about 
duckets waight of golde. but they required fo much for it that we would not take it, betauſe che 
Frenchmen and we h wagreed to make price of our goods all in one boat,¢ the price being made 
then euery man co fell in his oteme boate, and no man to giue mone chen the price which ſboulu be 
fet by vs all. This place is called Bulle, ę here che Negroes were very glad of our Negroes and 
Herod them all the kriendſhep they could, hen they had tolde them that they were the men chat 
here taken away. being now againe bꝛought by vs. ö 1 
Che Negroes here ſhewed vñ hat a moneth linte there wett 3 hips that fougiecogetber,¢ he 


| LD owrfon.. 1. 


LAND 


trale the i 
„ame i 


7 


das J could {ee none but 
e Land waſh went ſo fore, 
tople lamenten and crits 
lea, and taried it amongt 


they fet forth an Almade 
ran within the cotune a 
egtoes, Dondo w. (ith: 
on a point which ſdeweth 
fon 5.03 6 leagues to bet 
till we came at the caftel, 
ues on this five the Cape 
NB che thoare till q rame 
ny traſique to be had. At 
ent a hoare at all the pl 
rois points. ö 

agues beyond the Eater 
mall towne, and certaine 
e would not come to bs, 
vs, and with him we ſent 
Ae abocnd our boats with 
„ e they ſhewer vs about 
id not take it, betauſe che 
. x the price being made 
the price which thout be 
glad ok our Negroes and 
they were the men that 


pat fougbttogether, xrhe 
tuo 


| Wi iT amr fon. 2. 


when they law them, and demaunded of them where — Binne had bene: and they told 


ofthe Englith nation. uy 
wbetoße chat at the cattle of Mina chere were 4. ſbeppts of che 
72 — ne * 


were . 

ater we went a ſboare, and the Frenchmen with vs but did no great good, the Me» 
gtoes were fo vnrealonable, we ſolde foure {cope Manellios fap une ounce of golde. 

Chen we departed, and went to Shamma, and went into the riuer, with fue boates well ap Saum. 

d with men and oꝛdinance, and hath our noiſes of trumpets and mummen, fo) we 2 

Cr to haue found ſome Portingrals,but there were none: fd we ſent our Megroes a fhoare anv 
after them went diuers of vs and were very well receiued, andthe people were herp glad of our 
Negroes, ſpecially one of theit hochers wiues, and one of their auuts, tobich recetucdthem twith Ce herons 
much ion and fo did all the reſt ofthe people,as if they had hene their naturall byethpen: we com · Heap ad mg 
foxted the Captaine, and tolde him, that he ſhauld noe feare the Portinc.als, for we would defende 
bimfrom them: whereupon we caulrd our boateg do thoote off their bates, and harquebuſe and 
caufedour men to come on fhoare with their long bowes and they thot before the captaine, which 
be, withall the reſt of the people · wondzed much at, ſpecially to fee chem ſhoote fo fare ag they did 
and allaicd to dꝛaw their botwes but could not. Lchen it grew to be late, we departed to out hips, 
iq we looked euerp hoture fop the Jortingals, « And here the Negroes ſhewed vs chat there was « pote 
3 ane at the Mina, which had bꝛought one of the Negroes againe, tohich Robert 

aynth tooke awap. 

The 18. day we went into ce river, with no leſle ſtrength chen before, and concluded with the 
Negroes to an euery fulfe two pardes and thyce nailes of cloth, and to take fo it one 
ps a te ti fo chat we tooke in all 70, Duckets, whereof the Frenchmen hav fortie, and we 


The 19. day we went a ſhoare, euery man for himfelfe ano tooke a good quantitie of golve and 
Ito my part tooke foure pound and two ounces and a balfe of golde, and our arts boate tooke 
at.ounces, At night. the Negroes ſhewed vs that the next day the Wortingals would be with vs, 
by land oz bp lea: and when we were . to Depart, we heard diners barquebulles thoote off in 
the woods by vs uhich we knew to be o tingals. which durtt cone uo nerterto vs, dut thor off 
inthe woods tu ſee ik they could feare vs, and fo make vs to leaue out Craffike, 0 
© Che 20. day, we manned our ſiue boates, and allo a great boate of the Frenchmens , with our 
men and the Admirals, twelue of them in their murrions, and cozſlets, anvthe reit all well ap⸗ 
Neinted with koure trumpets, a dumme, and a fife, and the boate all hangen with tecamers of 
Aae, and pendanes very faite, and went into the riuer, and trafiked, our man ol warte lying oll, 
and on in the riuer to walt vs, but we heard no move ofthe Poytingals. This vay che 

dad bs chat there were certaine ſhippes come into Fanta, which tone is about tivo teagues to 


the welkward of this place, 


Che 21. bay we manney our boates againe, and wenkte a plate a league from this, to the 
Mefinarvs,andthere found many Hegtoen, wich anothers Captaint, and folde at che * 


gals. 


fo 


“116 The voyages and diſcoueries W.Towrfon. 2 


that we had done with the others, . 

The 22. dap, we went a ſhoare againe, and traffikrd in like {ozt quictly , and J tooke. four 
pound and ſixe vuntes ol golde. ir al 

The 23. dap, about night. che Megroes with cher Captaine, came to vg, and tolde vs chat the 
king of Pontingals hippes were departed from the Caftle , meaning the next bay co plyetocht 
wind war, to come to vs, giuing vs warning to take hecde to dur ſelues: we told them agaiur, 
that we wete very glad of cheir comming, and would be ready at all times to meete them: andin 
affure them that we were glad of it, we founded our trumpets and thot off certaine baſes, whereof 


the Megroes were very glav, and requefted vs, that if the Poztingals ſought to hindet dur tra 


fike,to ſhew them all the extremitiethat we could, pꝛomiſing vs, that it they came by land, they 
would aduertiſe vs theredt. 

The 24.we went a fhoare with our trumpets and dzunnnes and trafitkey,and I bad the Cay. 
taine of the tone to dinner. ö 


tus ſaiu oo The 25. dap, we being a fhoare, our ſhips had deſcrien Give ſaples of the Ring ofthe Pop 
Sale tingals, and our ſhippes ſhotte off oypinance to call vs amap, and we theme ruerp man his 


cathe a fhoare for water, and went to our ſhippes, and by that time we had waied, and giuen o⸗ 
der one to another what to doe, it was night ſo that that night nothing was done: we {ct faple, 
and lay cloſe all night, to get the winde ik we could: we were neere ſame ol them, and one ſhotte 
off a peece, which we iudged to be the Admiral ok che Poꝛtingals, to cauſethe reſt to come ann 
{peake with him: lo all this night we made our ſelues ready loʒ light. 

The 26, we tame in with the ſhoare, nd had light of the Poringals, where tbey rid at anker, 


and we bare with them and we gaue all our men white fcarffs , to the ende that che Frenchmen 


might knowe one the other,if we came to booꝛding: but the night came vpon vs, that we could 
not fetch them, but we ankered within Demy tuluering thot of them. 

The 27. dap we waien, and fo did the Bontingals, and about elenen of the clocke, we had the 
winde of them, and then we went roame with chem, which when they perteiued, they kept about 
to the (hoare againe, and we after them and when they were fo neere the ſhoare, that they toulde 
not well runne any further on that boond they kept about againe, and lay to the ſea ward, and then 
we kept about with them and were a head olthem, and cooke in our tapſailes, and tarien foꝭ them, 


and the ürſt that tame vp. was a ſmall barke, which fatten fo mell. that the cared not fo2 any of ve, 


d alloone as the tame vp. ſhe fhot at vs, and ouerſhot vs, and then fhe 


and tarien good opdinance,an 
Khe Penh hoe at the Admttalukthe Frenchmen. and thot him throunh intino op three plares aud wert forth 


4 


aheanof vs, becauſe we were in our fighting ſailes: then came vp another caruell vnder our lec 
in like cafe, which ſhotte at vs, and at the Frenchman, and hurt two of his men, and ſhot him thee 
rough iche mayne matte, And after them came vp the Admirall vnder our Lee allo, but he was 
not able ta doe vs fo much harme as the ſmall ſhippes, betauſe he caried oꝛdinante higber then 
they, neither were we able to male a good thot at any af them, becauſe our ſhippe was fo weake in 
the five that the laide all her opdinance in the ſea: whereloꝛe we thought to lay che great ſhippe a. 
Hoop, and alloone as the French Admiral went roome with him, he fell a ſterne, x could not fetch 
reney him and aſter he fel a ſterne oftwo catuels more, and could fetch none of them, but fell to lee ward 


1 ol them ali: and when he was to lee ward, he kept about to the ſhoare ward, and left vs, and then 


we put out our topſailes and gaue them chaſe, and both the other Frenchmen kept the wind, and 
would not come neere vs, and our owne ſhippe was a Kerne, fo that the could not come to vs: and 
after we had followed them about two holes to the ſeaward, they kept about againe towards 
the ſboare thinking to pay vs as they went along by, er to haue the wind of the French Admiral, 
which before rau in cowards the ſhoare, x we kept about with them, and kept ſtil the wind ol them, 
thinking that our Qiteaumiral, and the other, would haue followed vs, as we willed them to does 
but alter that the Portingall was paſt by them, and euery one han (hot at vs e our Aiceabmirall, 
both our Uiceadmiral, and the cwo Freuchmen,and our obne pinneſle, left vs in che lays and tan 
to ſen ward and ie ran ſtil along, and kept the wind of them to ſutcour the French Admiral, who 
was vuder all of their les and wien they met with him, euery one went roome with bim & gave 
him che broad fide and after they caſt about againe, and durſt not booꝛd him, betauſe they fawe vs 
in the weather of them, o els without doubt they had taken o ſunke thenuꝛloz three of them which 
were the ſmalleſt. went fo falt, chat it was not pollib le for a {xp to booyd them and caried ſuch oꝛdi⸗ 
nanct that il they had ban che weather of vs, they would haue troublen thyee of the bet ſhiys that 
we had, aud as fop their Abmirall. and Giceavmirall, chey were both notably appointed, 

ben the Freuchman was cleate of chem, he lape as neere the winde as he could. a 
wee followed them ſtill o wardes the ſhoare, ano then the Admiral ranne to Wes W 


M. Tourſ⸗ On. 2. 


g CHY , and J tooke. four 


tos, and colne os thac the 
the next bay to ylyetoth 
33 we told them 


8 ſought co hinder our traf 
they came by aud, they 


theo, and 3 ban the Cap 


of the Ring of the 

we thꝛewe 9 
had waied, and giuen 

x was done: we ict faple, 
ne of them, and one ſhotte 
caufeche reſt to come aun 


, where tbey rib at a 
ende that the e 


of the clocke, we had the 
erceiued, they kept about 
y to the ſea ward, and then 
atleg,and tarien fos them, 
be cared not fo? any of ve, 
ouetthot vs, and then the 
ee places and went forth 
her caruell vnder our lec 
is men, and ſhot him thee 
ur Lee allo, but he wag 
d opdinance higher then 
1 oe 

che great ſhippe ae. 
a ſterne, g could not fetch 
them, but fell to lee ward 
Ind, and left vs, and then 
men kept che wind, and 
id not come to vs: and 
t about againe towards 
of che French Admirall, 
ept ſtilche wind of them, 
8 ue willed chem to doe: 


em and caried ſuch oꝛdi⸗ 
hee of the beſt ſhiys that 
Ip appointed. 

winde as he could, m 
ranne te Sea * 


ee 25 We Legt sation, 


telt and left vs all alone: and when the Poyringals perceiued that we were alone, and gaue them 
chate,thep kept about with vs, and we with then, to keepe the winvol them, and we ranne {hill 
within bate thot of them but they thot not at vs, becauſe we had the weather of them, and law that 
they could doe bs no hurt: mid thus we followed one another Buell night, and in the night we 
Lott chem, but as fox all the ret of our ſhippes, they packed on all the ſalles that they could, and 


tume to ſea. and. as they themſe lues confelle,chep praied fop vs but as fo he lpe at their hands woe 


could haue none. : 

The 28, day we met with our Tliceavmirall our pinneſſe and tino of the French men, and the 
third was ſled, which was a ſhippe of foure {core tunne, ano belonged to Roan: aud when J had the 
fight ofthe reſt of our ſhippes, A tooke our fhiffe , and went to them, to knobee, why they lok vs in 
fuch a cale, and lohn Kire made me anſwere, that his ſhippe would neither reare no} ſletre, and 
as fon the pinneſſe, Iohn Daueis made me anſwer, that the would doe nothing, and that he coulde 
cary her no further, for her rudder was bꝛoken, fo that the Hart was glad to towe her. Then A 
went to the French Avnurall, and found himſelfe to be a man of good ſtomake, but the one halſe 
of hie men were licke, and dead, and then J talked with the ſmaller French man, and he made me 
anlwer, that he could doe nothing, ſaying, that his ſhippe would beare no ſaile, and had ſixteene 
alfo of his men dead, and ſicke, ſo he made vs plaine anlwer, that he was able to doe nothing. Al⸗ 
ter this, the Frenchmen durſt not anker fo feare of the Boꝛtingals. 

The 29, dap the Maſter of che pinneſſe came to vs. and (aide, that they were not able to keepe 
her any longer, and then we viewed her, and ſeeing that there was no remedie, her rudder with all 


the pron woꝛke being bꝛoken both aloft and belowe, we agreed to bꝛeake her vp, and to put the The Engl 
men into the art. So we tooke out of her foure bates, one anker, aud certaine fire wood, and ſet by. u men 


her on ire. and afterwards ranne along the coaſt. 
Che thirtie dap, we went into the ſhoare, and ſpake wich certaine Negroes, who tolde vs, that 
ik French ſhippes had bene there, but we could not bargaine wich them, they were fo vnrea⸗ 
able. : ‘ a 
The 3 1. dap, I went to ſhoare, but did not traffike. 


Thebirlt dap of Febzuarie we waied, ſeeing we could not bꝛing the Negroes to anp reaſon, Febnurit. 


8 72 


ind came to another place, which ſtandeth vpon a hill. 

The ſecond dap we waied hence, and had fiche of a ſaile, which departen from the place afores 
laid, and thot off two peeces fo his pinneſſe, which was a ſhoare: then I tooke our boate, and the 
Frenchmen tooke theirs, and went with the ſaile to deſcry him, and when we had rowed about a 
league, we had ſight of che piuneſſe: the ſhippe was gone fo farre, that we could not reach her: 
but che pimeſle we kound to be che French men, which ranne away from vs, when we were in 
fight wich the Poztingals. After this, we went to the ſhoare, and found the Megrocs vnreaſona⸗ 
ble in their pꝛiceg and dealt not with them. 

The third dap, J went to a towne foure leagues from vs, and ſhot off two peeces and the Laps 
taine came to vs, and J ſent Thomas Rippen à land, who knewe the Captaine, and afloone as he 
came a ſhoare, the Captaine kuew him, and diuers of the Negroes, who then began to aſke for 
me, and hauing told the Captaine that J was in the boate,he made no long er tarying, but by and 
by tauſed two boates to be put to the ſea, and tame to me himſelle, and when he lawe me, he cried 
to me, belde he came to the boate. and ſeemed to be the gladdeſt man aliue, and fo did all the com 
panie that knew me, and I cane him a reward, as the manner of the Countrey is, and cauſen the 
Frenchmen to gine another, pꝛomiſing the next day to giue him wine: and that night, betauſe it 
was late, he would not talke of any pꝛite, but left me a pledge, and tooke another of me, and fo des 
parted. * 

The fourth dap, going on ſhoare, J found that the ſhippes ol France, which hav bene there, 
had done much hurt to our markets, but pet J tooke flue ounces and a halle of gold. 

The fift vay I tooke eight ounces and one eight part ol golde: but J ſawe that the Megroes 
perreiuev the differente in cloch, betwixt ours and that which the Frenchmen had, which was bets 
ter, and bwader then ours : and then Atold Captaine Blundel, that I would goe to the Leeward, 
rater pertetued that being there where his cloth was ſolde, J ſhould doe no good, whereof he 

e. 


The fire day chere came an Almade, and Negroes abood me, requeſting me to come to their 
tome on they bad much golde, and many marc hauts ꝛand fo J went, and their odde Cap: 
tatne gone and another in his place : but this night we did no good, betauſe the marchants were 
nut come downe: fo he required a plepge, which J let him haue, and tooke another of him. 


The feuench nap, George ont Jaegru came to b, tubo ad follotwen og atthe leaß chütie Aa b. 
lenguts, 


e Thevoyagesanddieaueries J Tg. 2 


leaguts in a (mall boate, and when be came the Nemmen and me foone cuurluded of price. A tooke 
this day fiue pound and one ounce, e thꝛee quarters ut gold. This Negro we had leſt at Sham, 
ma, it the time of the fighe, who add bat he fae che nt being a (hoarse, and that when we wen 
gone from the Poxtingals, che Portingals came tuto their riuer aud tobde them chat the Englib⸗ 
wo Polttn · men had ſlaine tivo Poyingals with a heete, which was in deede out of our ſhiype, and thep re 
aal name br quited harbour there, but the Captaineof Shamma wou. d not ſuffer them. 
b Engud. The eighe day, we coke nineteene pound ther ounces and a halle. 
‘ F halfe. 

The tenth dap, thꝛee pound, ‘ 

4 1 * rie lerome Bewaci, he Uiceadmirall of the French men, and his pin 
nelle, and he hewmen vs chat where we left them, there was no good to be done, aud ſald, he weub 
gve co the Caltward, but we tolde him he ſhould not: aud chereupon commaunded him to goe tu 

ais bis companie, which he was appointed co be with, which be refu led to doe, vntil we had thot three 
A en bp opfourepecces at their pimmeſle and when the hip lam that he kept v zout, and ranne tu feaward, 
ede Engi f yuri come no neerer to vs lo the pinuelſe went alter her. Ele tocke this dap 2. pound, 5. ounces, 

The 12. day there tame one of the French mens pinneſſe to vs, laden with cloch, and woulde 
haue made ſale:but J would not ſuffer him, and therefoze tooke him, and ſent him abooꝛd of our 
ſhippe, and cauled him to ride there all day. Nie tooke fiue pound, fire ounces,and a halle. 

Che 13. dap, we tocke in ſande to balaſte our ſbippe. 

The 14. dab, we tooke of ſame Negroes foure ounces of golde. 

The 15. we ranne farther along the ſhoare. 

The 16. we came to another tone. n 

The 17. dap, I went a ſhoare, and vnderſtoode that ther of the Porting all (hips were at the cas 
ule, and the other two at Shamma. The Captaine of this tonne was gone to the pꝛincipal towne, 
to ſpeake with their Ring, and would returne ſhoꝛtlp as they tolde me, and ſo he div, and bꝛoughe 
me a weight ano mealure, and J ſent a man tu fee that puncipall towne, and their Ring. The 
Poꝛtingall hippes rid fo neere vs, chat within thꝛee howpes they might be with bs, yet we were 
all contented to tarp fo ſales. ; 

The 18, day, certaine ofthe Rings ſeruants came to vs, and Wwe tooke one pound, two ounces, 
amv one eight part of gold. 5 ö 
The 19. dap, we tooke fine pound, and one ounce, 

The 20, dap, one pound and foure ounces, 

The 21. I tooke koure pound and one ounce and the Negroes enquired foz fine cloth, and J o⸗ 
pened two peetes which were not fine enough, as they ſaid, but ſeeing that we had no other, they 
bought ol them. At night J pouided a gift, oꝛ pꝛeſent, and ſent one merchant, and a marriner 
with it to the King ts certifie him ok our want of victuals, by reaſon isbereof, we could not fap 
— fa in deede we ſearched our ſhippe, and the moſt part of our beere was leaked out of all out 

arrels. x ‘ 
The 22. dap, we tooke three ounces and a halle. 
mum bannt. The 23. dur men tame from the King Ebaane, and tolde vs, that he had teteiued them very 
kriendlp, but he had litle golde, but pꝛomiſed, ik we would tary, to ſende into all his countrep, fo; 
e otter ot gold for vs, aud he willen our men at their comming home, to ſpeake to our king to fend men and 
oa the wrouition into his countrep, to build a Cattle, and to hing Tailers with them, to make them ap · 
pParell, and good wares, and they ſhould be ſure to ſellthem: but fo; that pꝛeſent, the Freuchmen 
had filled them full of cloth. . : 

This towne ſtandech about foure leagues np in the land, and is, by the eſtimation of our men, 

Stownein ds bigge in circuite as London, but the building is like tothe reſt of the countrey. They haue as 

388 bout this towne, great fore of the wheate of the Countrey, and they iudge, that on one five of the 

en. tqwne there were 1000, ribeg of wheate, ad another fort of come, which is catlen mill, which is 
mich vied in paine. About this towne they keepe good watch euery night, and haue to warne 
the watchmen certaine cons made kaſt ouer their waies which leade into the to wne, and certaine 

A pnttie de/ be la vpon them . lo that it any man touch the coꝛdes, the bels ring, and then the watchmen runne 

mero ber foopth of their watch houſes to lee what they be: and if they be enemies. i they palle the cord, they 

nent. hau ppuiſion with certaine nets hanged duet the waies, where they mutt palle, to let fall vpon 
chem, and lo take them, e otherwile then by the waien it is not poflible to enter the to mne, by rea. 
fon of the thichets, and buſhes, which are about the lame, and thetowne is allo walled round about 
with long coꝛds, and bound together with ſedge, and certaine barkes of trees. 

hen our men came to the tonne. it was about fue of che clocke in the maming loꝛ there hep 


"rench men, and his pine 
done, and ſaid, he weul 
nmaunded him to goe to 
e, vntil we had thot three 
ut, and ranne to ſeawam, 
3 Dap 1 5 ounces, 
n wich cloch, and woulde 
nd ſent him abooyd of our 
mees, and a halfe. 


gall chips were at the cas 
ne to the principal towne, 
nd fo he did, and broughe 
e, and their Ring. The 
be with bs, pet we were 


e one pound two ounces, 


eb foz line cloch, and J o⸗ 
hat we had no other, they 
erchant, and a marrinet 
hereof, we could not fap 
was leaked out of all our 


had teteiued them very 
into all bis countrep, fo 
r king to fend men and 
h them, to make them ape 
pꝛeſent, the Frenchmen 


e eftimationof our men, 
countrey. They haue as 
hae, that on one fine of the 
is called mill, which is 
ight, and haue to warur 
o the towne, and tertaine 
enthe watchmen ruime 
ifthey patle the cow, they 
ft palle, to let fall vpon 

to enter the to wne, by reas 
8 alfo walled round about 


reg. 
. there they 


Wil.Téwrfon. 2. — oftheEnglifh nation. 


uml altoaies in the night by reaſon of che beate of the bay: and about nine of che clocke, the 
King dent fo them an there may no man come to him. before be be ſent fop, and then they would 
dune caricd cheir prefent with them: butthe Negroes told them, thar they mut be the times 


bpougte before him before they might oller their gilt: and when they came to him be talked with pe Rings 
chem ad receiued them verp friendly and kept them about halfe an hutme, and then they depar⸗ une 
ted and after that, ſent fo7 them agnine thee times, and laſt of all, they bꝛought bim their poefene, our men. 


which be receiued chankefullp,and then cauſed a pot of wine of Palme to be bꝛought forth, and 
made them dyinke,and before they dꝛinke, boch here, and in all the Countrep , they vlecertaine 


. fooxh chete pot ot dinke, and then they make a hole in the ground, and put 


sonar of the opintke into tt, and chep catt che earch vpanit, whichthey diggrv foonth bekox andthen mes mow 


they let the pot vyon the ſame, chen they take a litle thing made of a good, and with that they 
take out of the fame dꝛinke, and put it vpon the ground in chee places, and in Diners places they 
haue certaine bunches of the pils of Palme trees ſet in the ground before them, and there they 
putin ſume pinke, doing great reuerence in all places to the fame Palme trees. 

Alltheſe ceremonies lirſt done, che King tooke a cup of golde, and they put him in wine, and he 
munke of it, and when he wanke, the people cried all with one voice, Abaan, Abaan, with certaine 
ether wondes, like as che cry tummonip in Flanders, vpon the Cwelfe night, che kinning 
ninkes: and when he had dꝛunke, then they gaue dinke to euery one, andthat Done, the King li⸗ 
cenſed them to depart, and euery one that departeth from him, bowech thꝛee times towards him, 
and waueth bith both hands together, as they botwe,and then doe depart, The Ning hath come 
monly ſitting by him, eight oz ten ancient men, with grap beards. 

This day we toake one pound and ten ounces of golde. 

The 24. dap, we tooke three pound and ſeuen ounces. 

Che 25. we tooke three ouuces, and the quarters. 

The 26, we tooke two pound and ten ounces, 

The 27, two pound and fluc ounces, 

The 28, foure pound, and then ſeeing that there was no more golde to be had, we waied, and 


went foopth, 

The fir dap of March. we came to a totune called Mowre, but we found no boates nop people P 
chert but being ready to depart, there came two Almades to vs trom another towne, of whome e 
we tocke two ounces and a halfe of golde: and they tolde vs that the Negroes that dwelled at 
Mowre, were gone to dwell at Lag waa., 


Ragwaa, 
Che fecond dap, we came thwatt of the Cattle and about two leagues off, and there ſawe all qpep tum. 


the fine Ptingall ſhippes at anker, and this day by night, we fetched Shamma. 

Che third day, we had fight of one tall ſhippe, of about two hun: eth tunne in the weather ol 
and within leſſe ten two leagues of our ſhippes, and then we ſawe two more a ſterne of her, 
theonen ſhippr of fixe hundꝛeth oꝛ moꝛe, and the other a pinnelle, aud theſe were a newe ficete at 
that pꝛeſent arriued out of Poztingall. Whereupon we waied, and made ſhilt to double out of the 
land and then the winde comming to the South ſouthwelt, the Hart going roome with them, fell 
ther leagues to the ler wards ol vs. Thele Poꝛtingals gaue vs che chaſe from nine of the clocke 
in the moming tl five at night, but did no good againſt vs. At laſt, we perteiuing the Admiral to 
befarre a ſterne of his companie, becaufe his maine toppemaſt was ſpent, determined to catte 
about with them againe, becauſe we were ſure to weather them and the winde being as it was it 
was ur bett conrfe : but the Hart was ſo farve to the lerwen, that we could not doe it, extept we 
would looſe her companie,fo that we tooke in ſome of our fafles and went roome with him:which 
when he percetued, he loffed too, and was able to lie as neere as he did before, At night. when we 
cameto him, he would not ſpeake to vs: then we afke of his companic, why he went fo roome, 
and they made ertufe that they were able co beare no ſaile by, fop feare of bearing their foetop: 
maſt ouer booꝛd: but this was a ſimple excuſe. 

Che fourth day being put from our watring place, we began to ſeeth our meate in {alt water, 
and to rebate our allowance ofdʒinke, to make it indure the longer: and fo concluded to fet out 
courſe thence . foꝛ our one counttey. 

Therwelle ol March. J found my ſelfe thwart of Cape Dos palmas. 


The 16, day, we fell with the land, which we iudged to be the Cape Miſerado, about which Cape e- 


is very much bigh land. 
The 17. we lay South ſouthwelt, with a pꝛettie gale. 
Che 18, day, we lol ligt of the Hart, aud J thinde the wilfull Malter ranne in with the 


96 The voyages and difcoueries: M. Tonrſon.3. 


fhoare of purpoſe to looſe vs, being olfended that A tuld him of his omne folly, 
The 19. day, we bart a ſmall ſaile to carp fop the Hart. but could not deſcry her. 
The 27. dap, we fell in light ot two {mall Wands, which Ive hy our reckoning fire leagun 
Tun du A= uff the headlande of Sierra Leona: and befqhe tue came in fight of the fame Shands, we mane 
rs bur reckoning te be foxie op thirtie leagues at che leaſt off them. Chevetore all they that faite chis 
Ke.. wap, are to regarde the currants, which ſette North Nortchwelt, op els they may be much dee 


ed. : tis ah 
Anm. Tbe 144 of April, we met with two great ſhippes ol Powingall, which althougbthey were 
inthe weather of vs, pet came not roomie with vs, whereby we iudged that they were bounde 
li Callicut. l 
en te 18, dap, we were in the heigth of Caye De Verde, 
Ebe 23. one of our companie, called Edmond Perkine, deceaſed. 

Che 24. we were directly under the Cropike of Cancer. 

Che firlt day of Pape, Henrie Wilſon our Steward died: aud the next day died Iohn Vn. 
derwood. N 
Cbe fift dap, we were in the beigbe ofS. Michael. 

The 9. dav, we met with two tall ſhippes. bound for New found lande, as we iudgen, being 
Biſaaines, but as it well fel out, we had the weather olthem o that they were able to doe nothing 
to vs. f 

The 20. dap, we met with a ſhippe of o. tunne, and we thought it had bene the Part, but it 
was nut, we iuged it to be an Eng lich ſbippe. ö 

The 22. we met with the fame ſhippe againe, but the was in the weather of vs, and fo kept 
the wind fill, : 41 i 

The 23. we had light of a ſhippe in the weather of vs, which was a Frenchman, of go tunne, 
who came with vs as ſtoutly and as deſperately as might be, and comming neere vs perceiued, 
that we bad bene vpon a long voyage, and iudging vs to be weake, as in deede we were, came 
neerer vs, and thought to haue laide vs abooꝛd, and there Rept vp ſome of his men in armour, am 
tommaunded vs to ſtrike ſaile : whereupon we ſent them ſome of our ttufte, croſſe barres, and 
chaine ſhot, and arru weg, ſo thicke, that it made the vpper wonke ol their ſhippe fiee about their 
tares, and we ſpoiled with all his men, and toare his Hippe miſerably with cur great opdinance, 
and then he beg anne to fall a ſterne of vs, and to packe en his ſailes, ann to get away: and ine fe 
ing that, gaue him foure oz fiue good peeces move for his farewell, andthus we were rid of this 
Frenchman, who vid vs no harme at all. Ie had abooꝛd vs a Freuchman a Trumpetter, whe 
being licke, and lying in his bed, tooke his trumpet notwithſtanding, and blewe till he could blom 
no moꝛe, and ſo died. a f 

The 26. we had fight of another ſaile, e we went roome to haue ſpoken wich her, but could not. 

Tle 28. we conferred together. and agreed to goe into Seuerne, and fo to Bziſtol, but the fame 
nigbt we had ſight of the Lizard, and by reaſon of the winde, we were not able to double the lande 
end, to goe into Seuerne but were forced tu beare in withthe Lizard. : 

The 29. day, about nine of the clocke in the mopning, we arrined ſafely in Plymmouth and 
pratfer God fo; our good arriuall. N 


The third and laſt voyage of Maiſter William Tovvrſon, to the 
coaft of Guinie, and the (aftle de Mina, in the yeere, 1557. 
„ be 3.0, day of Januxry, the peere aboue ſayd, we departed out o the Spowwnne at 
Plymmouth, with thꝛee ſhippes, and a pinneſſe, whereof the names were theſe: 
1. The Minion, A dmirall of the fleete. 
2. The Chryſtopher, Uiceabmitall. 
a 3. The Tyger. 
4. A pinnelle, called the Vnicorne: being all bound fo che Canaries, and 
fromthence, by che grace of God to the coaſt of Guinie, . ; 
yi tape The next day, being the laſt of this moneth, in the aſternoone, we mette with two Dulkesof 
the ume, Dantzick,the one talled the Role, a thippe of goo, tunnes , and the other called the Vnicorne / 
Barre bert 1j O. tunes, the Patter ol the Role was called Nicholas Maſſe, and che Matter of the Vnicome, 
England. and Melchior White, both laden at Bourdeaux, and for the moſt part, with mines, Mhen we came to 
France, them. we caufed them to hoile forth their voates, and tu come, and fpeak with vs, and we exam 
ued tuerp one of thema part, what Frenchmens goods they ban in their ippes, and they 5 


N b 
e 


M. Tonrſon.z. 


ands made 
fore all they that ſaile this 
ela they may be much bes 


ubich alchvugbihey bete 
ed that they were bounde 


e next day dien Iohn Va · 


mde, as we iudgen, being 
y were able to doe nothing 


had bene the Mart, but it 
veather ol vs, and fo kept 


Krenchman of go um. 
nming neere bs, perceiued, 
as in deede we were, Came 
ok his men in armour, am 
r ſluffe, croſſe barres, and 
heir thippe flee about ther 
p with our great oꝛdinante, 
into get away: and we fs 
thus we were rid al this 

a Trumpetter, who 
nd blewe till he could Slots 


d fo to Bhittol, but che fame 
not able to double the lauds 


ſafely in Plymmouth , and 


Tovvrſon, to the 


eere, 1557. 
2 out of the Sownde al 
the names were theſe: 


hound for the Canaries, and . 


e mette with two uikesef 
other called the Vnicorne d 
the Maſter of the Vnicorne, 
th wines. Ihen we camem 


WiTowrfon. 3. oftheEnglith nation 


they had none: but by the contrarieties of their tales, and by the ſulpition which wee gathered of 
their kalſe charter parties. we perreiued that they had French mens goods in them: we therefore 
cauſed one of them to fetche vs his bils ol laving, and berauſe hee denied that he had any, wee ſent 
certaine with him, who cauſed him to goe to the place where hee had hid them, and by the differen · 
tes ol his billes of lading aud his talke, we gathered as beloye, that they had Frenchimens goods. 
Whereupon wee examined them ſtraightly, and firſt the purſer of the Vnicorne which was the 
ſmaller thippe : he conleſſed that they had 3 2. tunnes and a hogſhead of a Frenchmang. Then we 
examined the Malter in like caſe, and he acknowledged the fame to be true. Then wee examined 
allo the Maſter of the great ſhippe, and he confefled that hee hab 128, tunnes of the fame French 
mans, and moze they woulde not confeſſe, but ſaide that all the reſt was laden by one Peter Lew - 
gues of Hamburge,,to bee deliuered to one Henry Summer of Camphire, notwithſtanding all 
their letters were directed to Hamburge, and witten in Dutch without, and within in French, 

Chen they had conkeſſed that they had thus much French mens goods within their ſhippes, 
we conferred together what was beſt to be done with them. William Cretton and Edward Sel- 
man were of the opinion, that it Mould bee good either to carie them into Spaine, and there to 
make fale of the goods, oz els into Ireland, oꝛ to returne backe againe into Englande wit them 
ifthe winde would permit it. But J, waying what charge we had of our Maſters, firſt by rnouth, 
and afterwards by bniting, that foz no ſuch matter wee ſhoulde in any cafe prolong the time, for 
feare of loofiug the voyage, and conſidering that the time of the peere was very farre ſpent, ant 
the money that wee ſhould make of the wines not very much, in reſpett of the tommoditie which 
wee hoped fo by the voyage, yerlwaded them that to goe into Ireland the winde being Cater: 
ly as it was, might be an occafion that wee Mould be locked in there with that winde, aud ſo loofe 
dur vopage, and to carie them into Spaine (ſeeing they ſailed ſo ill that hauing all their ſailes 
abꝛoade, we kept them companie onelp with our forefailes, and without any toppe ſailes abꝛoade, 
ſo that in euery two dapes fapling, they would haue hindered vs mopethen one, and beſides that 
the winde being Caſterly) we ſhould not be able to ſeaze the coatt with them: beſides allthis che 
dolle o time when we came thither was to be conſidered, wherupon J thought it not good to carie 
them any further, 

Andas fo; carping them into Eng land, although the winde had bene good as it was not. con; 
Goering what charge we had of our Maſterg to ſhilt vs out of the wap fo; feare of a ſtap by reaſon 
of che warres, J held it not in any wile conuenient. 

But notwithſtanding al this, certaine of our companie not being here with ſatillie d, went to our 


Hatter to know his opinion therein, who made them a plaine anſwere, that to carp them into any Che French⸗ 


plate it was not the bett way noꝛ the pofite of their Maſters. Andhe tolde them further chat if the 


time were prolonged one moneth longer before they palled the Cape, but a fewe men would goe time of the 


the boyage. All theſe things conſidered, we all pauſer, and determined at the laff, chat euery man 


fould take out of the hulks fo much as he could wel beſtow fop necellaries, and the next moꝛning Sales, 


to tonclude what ſhould be further done with them. Do we tooke out of them fo} vs 14. tunnes 
and a halfe of wine, and one tunne we put into the pinneſle. 

Wore we tooke out one hogſhead of Aquauitæ. 

Dire cakes of roſſen. 

A ſmall halſer for tyes: and certaine chellenuts, 

The Chriſtopher tooke out, 

Ten tunnes of wine, and one hogſbead. 

A quantitie of Aquauitz, 

Ohall lines. 8 

Chellenuts. 

Dire double bates with their chambers. And their men byoke vp che bulks chettes, and coke 
out their Compaſſes, and running glaſſes che founding leave and line, and candles: and caſt fome 
oftheir beefe ouer bod, and {oiled them fo much that of very pitie we gaue them a Compaſſe, a 
hunning g laſſe a lead and a line, certaine bꝛead and candles and what apparell of theirs we could 
ande in their Oep, we gaue them againe, and ſume money allo of chat which William Crompton 
tooke for the ranfome of apoore Frenchman, who being their Pilot vowne the Riuer of Bour- 
deux they were not able to fet him a thoare againe by reaſon of the foule weather. 

Che Tyger alto tooke out of the ſmaller hulke, 6. o; 7. tunes of wine, one hogſhhead of Aqua- 
uit ; and tertaine roſſen, and two Bates he tooke out of the great hulke. 


She 1 Day of Fl. marie in the momning, we all came together againe ſauing W. Crompton, Febzurte. 
toho lent vs tuown that he was contented to ager ach rer hic we Sou take, 


Row 


122 The voyages and diſcoueries Wil.Towrfon. 3 Wil 


show Edward Selman was of this opinion, that it was not beſt to let the Hips depart, but py and fou 
men into them to carrie them into England, which thing neither wee nop our Maſter would agryy had put 
vnto, becauſe we thought it nos good to vnman our ſhips going outward, conſidering bow dang, coulde, 
rous the time was: ſo that in fine we agreed co let them Depart, and gine them the reit of the wing them, a 
which they had in their ſhips ol the frenchmens fo2 the fraight of that which we had taken and in my flag 
their oꝛwinance, rollen, Aquauitæ, cheſſenuts. and other things which the company had taken from vngent 
them. Do we receiued a bil of their hands that they tonteſled hom much Frenchmens goods they 
had, and then we let them depart, ; ; ; 

The 3. day in che mogning we found a great leake in the lemme of our Mip, and in one hour, 
pumped 400, ftrokes, and befines we found that our boltſpꝛete and loꝛemaſte were both pong, 
that wee coulde not well beare anp ſailes von them, and finding our ſelues to be 24. leaguesg 
thereabout Noꝛth from Cape finilter, wee bare with the Tyger and ſhewed the Malter that wet 
would runne South to runne onder the Cape to ſtoppe our leake, and fill our maſtes, which f 
chard Packman agreed vnto: then we bare with the Chriſtopher, and ſhewed them therof in ike 
cafe, but the Maſter anlwered nothing thereto, Pet thinking that hee knowing our neceflitie che cloc 
would haue followed vs, we raune South to haue the Cape aboopde,and ſo did the Tyger hut the beyond 
Chriſtopher kept her courfe South and by Melt, and would net tome neere vs, ſo that in the af were of 
ternoone we were forced to goe roome with him againe, and refute the going with the Cape, pup Und fo 
ting both our matt and ſhip in great danger, which with the helpe of the carpenters in 3. houregn ſo whit 
ſmooth water might haue bene mended. and har 

The 4. dap inthe moꝛning the Tyger ſpꝛong the woolings of her boltſpꝛeete, and fo was fort and vn 
to take in her copfailes and mainelaile, and with her fozeſaile lap to the Meſtwarde to mende the wee can 
fame againe, aud we kollowed her, but the Chrifiopher did uot, tze cal 

The 5. day we reckoned our ſelues to be in the height of Cape S. Vincent. 

The /. day we met with the winde at South with guſts of raine, lightning, and thunder, any 
fo continued all night following the winde, ſometimes South, and ſometimes Southlouthwell: 
but alwayes as ſoone as the quits were done, the winde came againe to the Nontheaſt. This nig 
we were in the height of Porto Sancto. 

The 10. dap we reckoned our ſelues to be 25. leagues from the Grand Canarie, and this day 
about 9 ot the clocke our pinnefle brake her rudder, ſo th et we were forced to towe her at the femme 
of the Minion, which we werte able to doe, and pet kept company with che reſt of our ſhips. About 
11. ok the clocke this day we had fight of the Grand Canarie, 

The 11. day when we came tothe Iſland we perceiued that it was che Ille of Tenerif and then 
in derde we had fight ol the Grand Canarie, which lieth 12. leagues to the Eaſtwards of Tene· 
rif: and becauſe the roadof Tenerif is foule ground, and nothing was there to be gotten foz the heb 
ping of our pinneſſe, hau ing the winde large, we agreed to goe with the Grand Canarie. 

The 12. day we came into the roade ofthe towne of Canarie, which lyeth one league from the 
fame towne. And after we had thot off diuers pieces of owinante to ſalute the towne and the caftle, 
the gouernour and captaines of the Hand fent to vs which were the captaines of the ſhippes re 
quiring vs to come a ſhoare. And when we came tothem they receiued vs very friendly, offering 
vs their owne Jennets to ride tothe towne, and what other friendſhip they could ſhe w vs: and we 

te went to the towne with two Engliſh Marchants which lay there, and remained in their hoult 
be that day. The ſccond day following we came abooꝛde to deliuer our marchandiſe, andto get out 
pinneſle mended, 

The 14. dap came into the roade the Spaniſh flecte which was bounde to the Emperours In 
dies, which were in nomber nineteene ſaile, whereol s. were ſhippes of 400. and 500. a piece,the 
teſt were of 200.150. and ol 100, IAhen they were come to an ancre thep ſaluted vs with ods 
nante, and fo wee did them in like cafe, And afterwards the A dmirall (who was a knight, ) ſent 
his pinneſſe to deſire me to come to him, and when J came to him hee receiued mee friendip, and 
was deſirous to heare ſome what of the ſtate of England and Flanders. And after he had made me 
a banquet J departed, and J being gane vnto the boate, hee cauled one of his gentlemen to deſur 
Franciſco the Portingale which was my interpꝛeter, to require mee to furle my flagge, deca 
ring that he was Generall ofthe Emperours fleete. IAhich thing (being come abooyd)Francifco 
ſhewed me: and berauſe J refuſed to furle it, but kept it fooꝛth Mill, certaine of the ſouldiers inthe 
ſlippes, ſhotte diuers harquebuth ſhotte about the ſbippe, and ouer the flagge: and at the fame time 
there came certaine gentlemen aboonde our ſhippe to fee her: to whome I laid, that if they wouls 
net cauſe thofe their men te leaue (hooting, 3 would thoote the beſt odinante A had though theit 
fides, And when they perteiued that J was oftenden they departed, aid tauſed chen mewot inure 


lLowrfon. 3, 


let the Ships depart, but 

02 our Maſter would ome 
ard, conſidering how 
sine them the reit of the wing 
which we had taken and fy 
e company had taken from 
ch Frenchmens goods they 


of our ſhip, and in one hour 
ozemaſte were both {prong, 
t ſelues to be 24. leagues n 
chewed the Mater that wet 
o fith our maſtes, which Ri 
d ſhewed them therof in tike 
t hee knowing our neceflire 
and fo did the Tyger but the 
me neere vs, ſo that in the af: 
e going with the Cape, pub 
he carpenters in 3 bourcgin 


oltſpꝛeete, and fo was force 
e Meſtwarde to meude the 


incent. 
lightning, and thunder, any 
metimes Dourhfouth we: 
to the owbhealk, This nia 


rand Canarie, and this bay 
nced to towe her at the ere 
h che reſt of our ſhips. Abo 


the Ale of Tenerif and then 
to the Eaſtwards of Tene. 
hereto be gotten fop the hel 
e Grand Canarie, 

hlyeth one league fromthe 
ute che towne and the callle, 
> Captaines of the ſhippes e 
d bs very friendly, offering 
they could ſhew vs: and be 
nd remained in their boule 
marchandiſe, and to getou Bee 


unde to the Emperours In- 
of 400, and 5 00,8 piece th 
re they ſaluted vs with oꝛdi 
ll ( who was a knight, ) font 
e retceiued mee friendly, and 
. And after he had made int 
ac of his gentlemen to delice 
e to furle my flagge, veda 
ing come abooꝛd) Franciſco 
rtaine of the ſouldiers inthe 
age : and at the fame time 
ne A laid. that if they would 
dinante A han thꝛough theit 
d tauſed their men ol 2 


Mil. Tomyſon. 3. ofthe Englich nation. 123 


—— — SS Se 
and ſouldiers to ſhoote no moze, and afterwards they came to mee againe, and tolde me that they 
had puniſbev their men. That done, I ſdewed them the lippe and made them ſuch cheere as J 
coulde, which they reteiued very chankfullp : andthe vay following they ſent for mee co dine with 
them, and lent me wold that their General was very foie chat anp man fhould require me to furle 
my flagge, and chat it was without his confenc: andtherefoze hee requefted mee not to thinke any 
vngentlenes to be in him, promifing that no manof his thouln miſdemeane himſelle. 

The 17. dap we fet ſaile in the roave of Grand Canarie, aud proceeded on our voyage. 

The 20 . in the moꝛning we had light of the coaſt ol Barbarie, aud running along the ſhoare we 
pan ibe ofthe riner del Oro, which lleth alot vnder the tropite of Cancer, R 
Che 2c. day we found our ſelues to be in 20. degtees and a halſe, which is the height of Cape 
Blanke. Che 25. we had ſight of the land in the bay to the Noꝛthward of Cape Verde, 

Che 26. J tooke Franciſco aud Francis Caftelin with mee, and went into the pinnelle, ann ſo Frances 6a 
went to the Tiger which was necrer the ſhoare then the other ſhips, and went abeold her. ud with 
her and the other ſhippes we ranne Melt and by South, and Wek Southweſt, vntill about J. of 
the clocke, at which time we were hard abooꝛde the Cape, aud then we ranne in Southwelt, and 
bepond the Cape about 4. leagues we found a faire Illand, and beſides that 2. 07 3. Illands, which 4. Alland. 
were of very high rocks, being full ol diuers {opts of fea foule, and of pigeons, with other loꝛts of 
land fouleg, aud ſo manp, that the whole Illand was rouered with the dunge thereol, and ſeemed 
fo white as ik the whole Band had bene of chalke, and within thole Illands was a very faire bap, 
and hard abooꝛd the rocks 1 8. fadom watet, and faire ground. And ruhen we perceiued the bape, % grrat trade 
and vnderſtanding that che renchmen had a great trade there, which we weredefirous to knam, mama aaps 
wee came to au ancre with the Tyger, And after that the Minion and the Chriſtopher ancted in Verde. 
like caſe:then we tauled the pinnelle ta runne beyonde another Cape of land, to fee ifthere were 
any place to trade in there. 4405 251 5 r 

J being ntere nighe J tooke our cocke and the Tygers ſhilfe, and went to the land, where 
we got certaine foules like vnto Gannards: and then came aboopde againe and tooke two ok the 
Gamards which we had taken, and rarirothentrothe Captaine of che Chriftopher, and when A 
had talked wich him, Nteunde him not willing to tarie Chere; neither was J delirous to ſpend any 
ung time there, bitt onvip co attempt tubat was tobe done Che Patter of the Chriſte oher tolde 
me be would not tarie beiug not bora lo that plates tad ut . 0 
Che ry. che Caprante ot che Tyger und Edwarde Selmm came to me, and lohn Makewortly 
from the Criſtopher aub then we ungern to tale che pimuefie,¢ tu tome along thethoare,becaute 
that where we ride no Negroes came to vs, andthe night before our pinneſſe brought vs woꝛoe⸗ 
that there dias a bery kalte Alland. And when J came begond che point J found it lo, and withal a u faire a 
olg Bay; and toe ſitue wpon the matte tettüme Ne grdes which tuaued bs on thoare and thew Thing ade 
we tamen an ancte wach che püimtella erent alboare with our tocke, and they ſhewed vs where ° 
thertrude was aum thas ehen had Clephaneseeerh, naire and hives arty offered vs to fetch done Elephants 
their captaine if we wonlo (ow a mum wich chem aur they would leane a pledge for him: then we eeerh nnitke, 
aſted then when any ſhippe har bene chere and ſome of them laid not in d. moneths ocherg, in 6. and hides. 
Moheths and others in J. and that thezrwere Krewe! Duznchr⸗ 31 Loot 
Then we perceiuing the Chiiftoptic not willing to tarie depatted From chert; v let fatle with 
theptumelle ¢ went aboopd che Ty ger Ane A wuderttoade of forte contention betiutt the Maler 
olche Minion aud the tapeattie of che Ckriſtopher nt month the repoꝛt ing 
The rapap of March we fell wichche toat or Guines, 5 leagues to the Ealtwurd of Cape du sparcp. 
Monte, befive a riuer called Rio de palmas. nnen 
The ri we went eaphe Hoare; d found one man that could fpeake fome Porteguiſe, uh told 
vs chatthere were z. French (hips paſſed by: one of them 2. months palt, ¢ the other r. moneth 
Pak Aothic place J reretiew 19 Cicphantz teeth mm ounces ai halle a quattev bt gold. 
Che lache fer ſalters de to th ner de Seſtos nene e ') 02 Che Miner de 
“Che ty, aria here wich eho lame tuler 6 oJ ci sed una ages 
“Che ry. wap welerichroar boared tb cake tater, anv tomnaged our ſhippes, and deliuerrb Lich 
warestothe Chriftophevand Tygesav hep had neede oz z: b e 
Their ebe came togkther, aud agreed eich Tygerco aher riuer bo iter in her watett 
aud touſte what ſhe conto vd fo) grains. Ater tocke marchand ʒe with vs, and went intd f 
che riuer,and there we found a Negro which was boꝛne in Lisbone,left there bp athip ol Portin- 
gale which was burnrd the laſt peeve at thin riuerin g wich z. Frenchmen : and hee tolde 


ba furcher that two mouechs pat there were 3. K at this plate, and 6. werkes paltthetr 
were tuo French ſhippex at ee eee eee 
f 2 gone 


14 The voyages and diſooueries W.Zowr/on. 3, 


April 1558. 


fete or the 
Wostingals, 


She fight. 


Weamba, 


wards the Mine. This day we teake but fe we graines. 
Wei r9.apcoilering caste Frenchmen tet gone before vg, and that by reafon of the 
vnwholſome apzes of this place 1 4, of our men in the Minion were fallen ficke, wer determined 
tobepart and with all (peede to goe to the Mina, 
Che 21, wee came to che riuer de Poros, where fone of our boates went in fop water, anv y 


in with our tockt, and Cooke 12. [mall Elephants teeth. } 
Che 1 as nunp teeth as tue could get, about 9. o the clarke wet (et psi 
faile to goe towards the Mina. ; * 
The 27. day being by my reckoning 20. leagues from the Cape Treſpoints pur pinnefle bolt aut 
one of the gudgions of her rudder, fo that we were forced to tow her. Chis day alſa we calledtht pberb 
WBotefwaine before vs, and lapd to his charge certaine masters, wherein he had mildemeaned bin toent 
felferbut vpon bis fubmuiflion e intreatie of pardon aud promife of better be haniour, we (defirous layoal 
of peace and quietnes )forgaue him. #0 
The e eee, a allthis 
t 29. we ranne a e coaſt. 
a 22050 came to . hehe fale of certaine Manillios. ea 
Che firkof April we had ſight of fiue faile sf Portingals, whereupon we fet faile and went off and w 
to ſea to get the winde of them, which wee fhoulve haue had if che winde hav kept his opinary dg 
courte which is all the day at the Bouthwelt, and Men Douthwelk: but this vay with a flaweit and ga 
kept all the day at the Catt, and Caſt Southeatt, fo that the Portingals hadche winde of vn and inthe! 
came toome with the Tyger and vs vntill night, and brought themſe lues all ſaue one, which fair rp fart 
led not fo well as the reũt, within ſhotte of vs: then it fell calme, and the winde came vp tothe 125 
Mouth welt, howbeit it was nere night. and the Chriſtopher by meanes of ber boate, was about ine wa 
foure leagues to the lee wards of vs. Me tacked and ranne into the weather ol che Admiral, and chis do 
three mone of his companie , and when we wete neere him, we ſpake to him but be would not an Zh 
ſwert tuen we rat about and lay in che weather of him; and calling about bee thotte at va, and cre dilt 
then we lot at him, and hotte bim foure ch fine times through, They ſbot diners times through malst 
our ſailes, hut hurt no man. The Tyger and the pinneſſe hetauſe it was nigbe kept out their failes their l 
um would nut mevdle with them safter nee hen thus fought together tivo houres op more, and the Oi 
would not lay himaboopnc becauſe it was night, we left hooting one at the ober, and kept till Gh 
the weather ofthem. ee eee eee men er 
N "oe eee e eee re pe m andthe 
ri 5 J Ain teme l was 
_ Chis nighenboue kürt ofthe clocke being erp little winde, anv che Pant olche Tigers 15 000 
. dit 
as mut 
the Mir 
to oe 
| thouto| 
left vs, they went all roome with him. and about twelue a rlocke at night mette him, and hhette Mer 
bum, md hee atthem, and they bote him through the ſailes in diners places, and din nu other men kel 
great hurt. And when wee had vnderſteant that they had bene wih him as well as with ba, mer pes 
8 anreden ta ſecke them (if wee might finde them,) and keepe a weather our places of 40 
The z. we ranne all day ta the Sruth welt wards to Keke the Portingals but coulde haut no ted we 
fight ol chem and halled into che ſhonre. N watt i 2250 The 
The ſeueth doy when we ban. fight afland we found that the turrant bad fet vs tbirtit leagues which! 
to che Caftwards of our reckoning, which we wondered ats for the lirſt lanne wee mave,tuns La- The 
~~ gua, Then A cauſtd our boate to be manned, and the Chriſtophers alfo, ann were tothe fhoare her the 
anvtookeouy Negro wich bas Run on dare tee learned that there wert foure French Hippes nretpt 
vpon the coatt; one at Perinnen, which is ſire leagues to the iefttwarne of Laguas another at rep 
Meamba hieb is loure leagues to the Eiſtward of Lagua : a thirde at Pereco , which is foure labour 
leagues to n um the fourth at Egrand, which is foure leaguentothe ing 
Eaſtward Ferecow¾. it re tr 5 4 t 
Elben we bad intelligence ofchefe nenen, ue agreed to gor to $ Ea withthe French Lhe 
men to put them from their teafique, ann hatte off two op tinge pieces in our beates to canſe the 0 


Wee tore en backer downs bent beser aie, we ban gent one dicht Fra 


W.T owrfon. 3, 


aud that by reaſon ofthe 
en fiche, mee determined 


went in fo) water, an 3 
ut 9. o the clacke wee let 
points pur pinneſle broke 
bis day alfo we callenehe 


abe had mildemeaned him 
+ behauiour, we (deſtout 


m we ſet faile and went off 
unde had kept his opvinarp 
ut this day with a flawe it 
ls had the winde of vs. and 
es all ſaue one, which fais 
D the winde came vp to the 
ies ol her boate, was about 
ather of the Admiral, and 
him but be would not an 
about bee thotte at vs, and 
ſbot diners times through 
night. kept out their failes 
two boures 03 more, and 
atthe other, and kept ſtill 

e to vs, aud aſterwards 

a piece to giue warning to 


nthe Maſter of che Tigers 
with her fheare hookes cut 
wich certaine Marcha 
in the ende we cleared her 


a heather our places of 
iogals but coulde haut no 


ne of Laguar another at 
1 Perecow, tohith is foure 


rh is foure teaguestothe 


Piderfoasy oftheEnglih nation... 


wen onpertetle, balling off from Weamba tu home wet gaue chaſe. and agreed in the nigbt fo 
feare of ouerthooting them that the Minion fhoulb Grit come to ancre,¢ alter chat about 3. heures, 
the Tyger and the Chriſtopher to beare along all night. . N 
ee 5. dap toe found 3.0f the French (hips at ancret one called La foye de Honfleur, a thippe 
6220. unn en, another callen che Ventereuſe o ſmal Roebarge of Honfleur, of 100, tunes, 
both ing to Shawdet of Honfleur, the 3. was called che Mulet de Batville a ſbippe 
of ra0,cunnes and this ſbippe belongen to certaine Marchants of Roan, 
Ahen we came to them we determined to lay the Admiral abooꝛde, che Chriftopher the Uice · 
apnuiraland the Tyger che ſmallelt: but when we came neere them they waped, audthe Chriſto- 
pher being the headmolk ¢ che wenthermolk man, went roome wich the Admiral the Rocberge 
tant ſo fall that we coulde not fetche her. Ihe lueſt that wee came to was the Mulet,and her wee wre rw ö 
Up aborue and entred gur men,andtooke her, which ſuppe was che ricbett except the Aomirall, ergebe. 
Forthe Amir all han taken about 80. li. ol gold, andthe Roeberge had taken but 22. pound, aud 
allehis we learned or the Freuchmen, who kene we it very well: tan they were all in conſott toge⸗ 
ther and had bene vpon the coat ol Mina 2. moneths aud onde dayes :hotwbeit the Roeberge hay 
bene there before them with another (hip of Diepe, aud a Caruell which had beaten all the coalt, 
and was departed one moneth before our arriuing there, x they 3. had taken about 700. li. of gol. 
As fone as we had layd the {hip abooꝛde, and left certaine men in her to keepe her, we fet fale 
and gaue chaſe to the other 2. ſhips x chaled them al day and night. the next day vntil 3. a clorke 
inthe alternoone, but we could not fetch chem: and therkoxe ſeeing that we bꝛougbt our ſelues bee 
ry farte to lee ward of our plate, we lett the chace,¢ kept about againe to oe with the fhoare, 
The 7. day I {ent forthe captaine, marchants ¢ makers of the other ſhips, and when they came N of 


ve wayed the gold which we had from the Frenchmen, which waped 50. li. and 5 ounces of gold, 12 N 


this done we agreer to put men out of euery thip into the pꝛiſe to heepe her. 

The 12. dap we cane to the further place of che Mine called Egrand and being tome to an ans 
err diſcharged all the marchants goods out of the pꝛiſe, and would haue fold che (xp with the vice 
tuals to the Frenchmen, but becauſe the was leake they would not take her. but defired vs to ſaue 
their lines in taking them into our owne fhips then we agreed to take out the victuals and ſinke 
the ſhppe, and derude the men among our ſhips. ö 

The 14, at night wee made an ende of diſcharging the pꝛiſe, and deuided all che French» 
men exreyt 4, which were ficke and not able to helpe themſe lues, which . both the Chriftopher 
audthe Tyger refuſed to take, leaning them in their fhep alone in the night, lo that about midnight 
I was forced to fetch them into our fhip, meat yt el 

The 18. of April, mooning our companie fop che voyage of Binnie the moſt part of them all res V 
fuledit. The 16, ſeeing che bniwiltingnes of the companie to goe thither, we determined to {penn 


re{pect of the death of Come of their men, and the 


but repaire to the other ſhips ok tub eee ee E n 
ome 2 sand pet 
havour pinnetle with them, one ly to carp newes from one to auacher. — sah 


Che o, day we determined to depart hence to our felowes, to let what they had done and to ats 

oe was tobe done at the to une al Don ohn, in. 

See et 

ber ecaptaine of the Chri er came to vs and told vs cou 

dingt at che places tubers they had bent. 1 he 
3 


—— — . EKP, . ee 
n The voyages and diſcoueries Mil. Tunnſan. 3 
Che i 2, William Crompton and J in out mall pinneſſe went tothe Tyger and the Chrifto. 


t at Perenine, 
The 13. we ſent away the Tyger to Egrande, betauſt tue founde nothing to doe at Perenine, 
wozth the tarying los. a 
The 14 our great pinnelle came to us, and ppeſently we put cloch into her, and ſent her backe t 
Weamiba where the had bene before, and had taken there 10. li. of golde. . 
The 15. che Minion came to bg, aud the next dap we went a ſhoare with our boates, and tooke 
but one ounce of golde. 
JMowne, The 19. day hauing ſet faile we came to an ancre befoye Mo wre, and there we taried 2,Dapeg, 
but cooke not an ounce of golde. 
The 21, we tame toan ancte befoye Don Iohns tutune. 
H Che 22. we manned our boats and went to ſhoare but the Negroes would not come at vs then 
the Captaine ol the Chriſtopher and F,tooke a Dhiffe and 8, men with vs, and went and taller 
— 4 with the Negroes, and id chat they would fend a man to the great towne, where Don Ionn 
John. himle lle laye, to aduertiſe him of out . 
Che 23. we went a thoare againe . the Negroes told vs that this Dap the marchants of Don 
Iohn would come done: ſo we taried there vntill night, and no man would come to vs: but u. 
uers of the Negroes made vs ſignes to depart. 
The 24. the captaine of the Chriſtopher cooke his boate ¢ went to Mowre, and when he came 
thither certaine Negroes tame to him to knotu che pꝛice of his wares. but in the end there came an 
Almade, — dered came from the caffle,¢ cauledall the Negroes to depart from him: and 


when he law chey would come no mupe to him he went a ſhoare and tooke certaine men with him, 
and then the Negroes caft ftonesat them. would not ſuffer them to come vp to their towne, Am 


e 
the 


tooke certaine of thete Almades, ¢ put them to the fea, ¢ aftertwarns de. 


krom vs. 
ing not able to tarrie anp 


The 8. day George and Binny tame to bs, and bꝛought with chem about 2. li. of golde. This 
night the Chriſtopher and the piuneſſe came bp to bs, which had bene 3, dayes a ſterne ok vs and 
the Malter of the pinnelle tolde vs their extteniitie lo want of victuall, and therefore they veftren 
to be taken out of che pinneſſe, but we intreater them to goe to the pinnelſe againe, and gaue them 
beere, head, porke and ftockfith to victual them vntill ſuch time as tue came to Shamma, that we 
might (end her away with ſome of our Frenchmen, it hs 

The 10, dap inthe moꝛning F cooke our ſmall pinneſſe, and the Captaine of che Chriftopher 
with me, and manned her well and went to the raffle to viewe the Portingals ſhips and there we 
found one thip of about 300, tunne, and 4. catuels: when we had well vie wed them we returned 
backe againe to out ſhips which we found 7. leagues at fea. 0 

The 11. day in the morning we ford out Kies wel hot toward Shamma, and the Tiger with 
vs, but the Minion ¢ che pimuſle had nut wapen that nig he, fo that we were out bee 


il. Tunrſcn. 3 
Tyget and the Chait 
ch isto toe et Perenine, 
ber, and fene her barkem 
pi our boates, and tooke 
there we taried 2,dapes, 


would not come at vszthen 
Y vs, AND went and talker 
t towne, where Don John 


ay the marchants ol Don 
would come to vs: but u. 


owre, and when he came 
inthe end there came an 
sto depart from him: and 
ke certaine men with him, 
e bp to their towne. Am 
othe fea, g after warns dee 
boke a white flag with me, 
hat the Portingals were tu 
man vp to the tonne with 
oes went away and would 


ich we found in the towne, 
n J came abood, J found 
f gold. Then after much a 
the Chriſtophet twentta 
the ſhoare for balaſte, aud 
pon the companie re lier 
burned their totune anv 
rmatin,and had taken 2.1, 
lace were very defirousto 
went to Cormatin, 

re two dayes. 

e pinneſſe from Weamba, 


8. 
ing not able to tarrie am 
tame to an ancre befines 


bout 2. li. ol golde. This 
° Dapes a ſterne ok vs, and 
andthereſoze they vefiren 
flv againe, and gaue them 
ame to Shamma, that ne 
ptaine of che Chriftopher 
ingals ſhips and there we 
pi¢toed them, we returned 


mma, and the Tiger with 
were out nen 


but they in no cafe woulb 


2 ; ’ „ * a K 
Wil-Towrfon. 3. ofthe Engliſn nation. 17 
ind hauing brug bt our ſelue in the wetter of che 


Portingals tips, we came to an anker to ta · 
ne f the Pinion, op els we see felis cage aan cle awe seta seman 
came vp to vs but could not fetch fo favre to the weather ward as we, and therefore they ankercd 
about a league a wether the cattle, and we waied in the Chylgopher, and went roome with her. 

Che 12, day the Cymer tame roome wth vs, and the and the Chzitopher Auding themfelues 
toftandin great need of victuals, would haue gone with the Boꝛtingals ſhippes to baue fetched 
fome of them forth : but dur maitter and companie would in no cafe confent to goe with them, for 
feare ol hanging then we tame home sand the other two hips being fully minder to haue gone, 
ind fearing chat their otone company would actule them, durſt not goe to them. 

After this, by reafon of the want of victuals in the pinnelle, which could recetue no victuals 
from the other fhips, but from vs onely, we tooke out all dur men, and put 12. French men into 
her, and gaue them victuals to bring them to Shamma. 

Che 19. day the Tiger aud Minion arrive at Shamma, and the Christopher within two 
leagues ock them, but could not fetch the winde by reaſon ol the ftantnelle of the winde, which 
bath bene fo (cant, that in fifteene 1. we haue plied to the winde wards but twelue leagues, Ks 

we did in one day and a night. 
by n tooke amel, and went to the to wne of Shamma to fpeake with the caps 
taine, and he tolde me that there was no golde there to be had, nop fo muchas a ben to be bought, 
and all by reafon of the accord which he had made with the Portingals, and J ſeeing that, depar⸗ 
bed peaceably from him. 

Che 21. A put ſuch things as we had into our ſmall pinneſſe, and tooke one merchant ol our 
fp, and another o the Cpger, and ſent her to Hanta,to attempt, ifthe could doe anything there: 
that night they could do nothing but were pꝛomiled to haue ſome golde the next day. 

The next day ( which was the 23.)being come, we ſent our pinnelle to Hanca againe,but there 
neither the diptaine noꝛ the Negroes durk traffthe with vs. but inttſed vs fromt place to plate, and 


1 l 
Aenne put away our pinnelſe, with five and twentite Frenchmen in her, and gaue them 
Ker Baan deen 

5 Cue of beere and fyoek, 
1 Wee beer tee 7 
15. 0 5 ö 
1 ibagihean ofbecte, 


sees mt, Gene which 15 dorsi u de hide the o⸗ 
1 „at | 9 0 4 e 
Ges eens pene 8 kromthe fhoare , andtherefore we put them at no 


ome, “ 
The pinneſſe with two baſes, and all ber apparell, we ſet at fortie crotunes. The names of tig 
Frenchmen, which we put in her. were theſe, being all of them ranfomen, ei 
Out of the Chryftopher, we ſet ehele men, 

Peter Huguille, of Battuille. 

Robert Hauerte,of Roan. 

Stephen Bennet af Honfleur. 

Michael Haguille, of Batuille. 

Iohn Chapon,ofBattuile. 

Legier le Feuer ot᷑ Honfleur. | 

Bamardine Adaro,ofBlankuitte . a nee eS 

8 Dut ol the Tyger chele. ö 

Ricard de Mont, af Ran. . 

e enen. ey 
1 Dult dlthe Minion cheſe. 
si.)  Qhuer Bowcheti coe Pe ee 1 
“Thomas D'Onleante,of Horie, 2 
Hubert Colyn,ofBattuille, 
hav Michael VacreeofHonfleur. 
„ MarrynleBuc;ofHonfleur. ©” 


qe currant, 


Our men bre 
der the line. 


Augutt. 


a. Alland ol 


128 


v 


Martyn Oſſeraye. All which were equally ranfomed fo fire crownes a pete. 
Che 23. of June, aur pinneſſe tame to vs from Hanta, and to ld ve, that the Megroes 
very ill withthem, and would not traffike with them to any purpoſe. 


herein was Come ol his apparell, and his weights , and one letter lent to bim fea dcn 
w 2 m 
erebp ue garheren hat le worngall bad bene hereof along time, 


Sorte — we 25. day about the of the clocke at afternoone, we fet ſalle, and put into the lea, fo) um 


to England. f 8 
The lait dap of this moueth, wee fell withthe Hoare againe, and made our reckoning tobe 
eighteene leaguts to the weatherward af the place where we fet oll. AAhen we came to make the 
lad, we found our felues co be eigbteene leagues to the lee ward ol the place, where we et ol, 
Jwbich came to paſſe, by reaſon of the extreame currant that runneth to che Caltward: when ne 


perceiued our ſelues ſo abuſed, we agreed to cat about againe, aud to lye as neere the winde s 


we could to fetch the line. N 

CThue ſeuenth of Julp, we had fight of the Ille ol S. Thomas, and thought to haue ſought the 
denz, to haue ankered there: but the next moming che winde came about, and wee kept our 
courte, ! 

The ninth, the winde varying, we kept about againe, and fell with the Iflandof S. Thomas, 
and leeking the roade, were becalmedneere the Iſland, and with the currant were put neere the 
thoare, but could haue noe ground to ankert ſo that twe were forced to hoiſe out our pinneſſe nn 
the other ſhippes their faiffes to to we from the Bland, which did litt le good, but in the ende the 
winde put vs chyce leagues offthe ſhoare, . 

The tench dax the Chriftopher,and the Tyger, taſt about, whereby we iudged them to han 


agreed together, to goe ſeeke ſome ſhippes in the roade, and to leaue be: our men were not willing 


to goe after them foz feare of running in with the Illand againe, and ol putting our ſelues int 
the fame danger that we wer in the night before + but we thot olf a peece and put out two ligts, 
and they anſwered vs with lighes againeswhereupon we kept our courſe, x chougte that they hu 
followed vs, but inthe moꝛning we could not lee them, ſo that they left vs willingly, and we des 


termined to follow them no more, 


But the 11. dap, we altered our opinion and courſe, and conſented to caſt about againe for the 
Illand ta ſeeke our ſhippes, and about four? of the clocke in the afteruoone, we met with them, 
The 13. we fell againe with the Alland ok S. Thomas, and the fame night we found our ſeluet 
directly vnder the line. 
This Alland is a very high Aland, and being vpon the welt five of ir, pou ſhall fee a very high 
icke, which is very final and ſtreigbt, as it were the tteeple of a Church, which picke liech directs 
as eilte ano atthe Cae South eude of che Alland to che nella checet, Vcc a al 
and, about a mile from the great d. 
9 Ae gugult, wedeparted kromthe lle ol S. Thomas, and met the winde at the foudp 


The Sipe oa i a i eigbt degrees. 
The 12. dap, we were in the height of Tape Verde. ö eas 
an % Coss with sheet ose of 88 Verde, called the Ile of Sale, aud being 
med by a Spcottith man, among the men e toaſt, that 
were frech victuals to be had, we tame to an mete s&h 10 ae 


The 23. day in the moꝛuing, we manned ourfhiffe,and went a ſhoare and found no boules but 
we fatwe foure men, which kept themſelues alwaies farre from va, as fon cattell, we could finde 
Laren pret hake par ba 8 fo wild that we con dd nat take about 4 op Conse 
had great ſtoꝛe of fea birds. ö SAT, e Oe ; . 

At night, the Chriftopher hake her cable. and lot an anker, ſo that He could tarp no longer, 
fo we all wate, and {et faile, Upon the bt Iſlann, we left che Srottih man, which was the ace 
Pane e . bene eee 

ng, and E 1 
tothe Illand to ſeeke him, but could — Abel i e een 

The 24. dap the Paſter of the Tyger came aboowd bs, ¢ todo he chat his men wete fo weake, 

au the thippe fo leake chat he wan not able to kerpe der abot che tnatet, umd thecefine requettes 


The voyages and diſcoueries W.Towr/on, 3, 


ban dem 


. — — %—x— ec oe 
V. Toumſon.; . Tourſon. 3. of the Engliſn nation. 19 


crownes a peete. do gee backt ag aint tn the Jlland, chat we might vifcharge her, and giue her vp : but we in · 
ache Brünn d Seascape cocahe pane wih ber a wbile,an tue pura french Carpenter io her, toe if be 
) coulpdnve the Leake, Chis day we cooke a view of all our men, both thoſe that were whole, and Che great ine 
and went to the totone of the lacht allo, ind we found chat in all she thyet ſbippes, were not abouc chirti¢ ſaund men. Dplate Rapu 
e Wortingals , we burne Che 25. woe had ight of the Bile of S. Nicholas, aud the day following, of the other Illes, S. unte coat 
found a als chet, Lucia, 5. Vincent, ab S.Anthony, which foure Illes le the one from the other, orth weit and 
nt to him from che Cate, by Wek, Douchealt,end by Cad. 
. The 26, we came againe with the Zand of 33 could not double the Cape. This 
ud put into the ſea, fo? un day Philip Iones, the Mater of the Chriſtopher, came bg, who had bene aboopd the Ty- 
. et, and tolde vs chat they were not able to keepe the Tyger,becaufe the was leake, and the Pa · 
made our reckoning tobe ib urea fie e agreed wich the Maler and the company that if the next 
Shen we came to make the pap we could doudle the Bilao, we ſhould runne to the ler ward ol it, and there dilt harge her: but 
be place, where e fet of, if we could not double it, den to put in det wirt the Jlland ol S. Vincent, and S. Anthonie, to fee 
Caſtward: when ne éf we could diſcharge her. 
le as neere the winde ag Che 27, ſeeing we could not double the Aland, we put in betweene the forefain Iſlands, and 
went though them, but fond no roade, and therefore taried fo) our fellowes, and by and by it fell 
jougbt to baue ſougbt the talme lo that we were in hazard to fall aboow one of another, but God ſent vs a ſmall gale of 
about, and wee kept ous wind, and we went before them, and left them a ſterne. 
The 28. we were out of ſight of our company: but we keyt about, and (ato them againe,for they 
the Illand of S. Thomas, were becalmed vnder the Jland all night. 
rant were put neere the The third day of September, J went abooyd the Tyger, with the alter, and merchants with Bertemder. 
hole out our pinneſſe, nu me to view the ſhippe, and men: and we found the ſhippe very leake, and onelp fir labouring men 
good, but in the ende the in her, whereof one was the Maſter pony ꝛſo that we 1 = nid me were — able weg pe 
e ippe agreed to take in the men, and of the goods w could ſaue, and then to put the (yt 
y we iudged them to hau bo N g oe . 
Out men were not willing Che ſiſtday, me wen to diſcharge che yger. 
8 putting our ſelues int The tight day, hauing taken out the artillerie, goods, victuals, and gold of the Tyger, we gaue Che Coger gts 
ce, and put out two ligſte, her vp. 25. degrees by orth the line. * 
ſe e thougte that they ban Che 27, we had light of two of the Illes of the Azores, S. Marie, and S. Michael. 
vs willingly, and were The 28. dap, running along by S. Michael, we hab fight of diuers mall caruels, but we coulo 
a ſpeake with none of them. In the night, about twelue ol the clocke, we ſaw a ſhippe, but fhe would 
N ee not come rome with vs. 
5 October. 
nigh te found our fees Chethird dap of October, we had ſighe of another ſaile, and bare roome wich ber, to bane 
4 pou thall fee a verp bigh 
thereof, lieth a fall 
net the linde at the lucy Mateo 
af wich 


Olle of Walt, ald being 
pon the coaſt, chat there 


and found no houſes but 
N cattell, we could finde 
take about thee op foure 
hich lay by the fame, we 


eee 

men, which mas the oc⸗ . was with payne ch ela tha 
ttell: but as we fudged, lbot a head of vs, ſo that then 

at night A went my (edhe At the time when the chon 


deinen were fa bete 
sand Checetine requeties 5 


. ̃ ——k.— — — ———.e0 
130 The voyages and diſcoueries Nobert Baker, v 


Che 16, dap, about fire of the clocke at nighe , we met wich a great ſlome at the Tettfous, 
welt. and welt, und our men being weakte, and not able to handle out {ailes, we Loft the fame nigh 
dur maine ſaile, fopeſaile, and ſpꝛeetſaſle, c were forced to tye a bulling vntil the eigheeeneth day 
and then we made ready an olve courte ol a fopefaile, and put it to the parde, ad therewith finding 
our ſe lues lar ſhot into the Bleeue, we bare with dur bur toaſt, but that forefaile continued neg 
aboue two homes, befohe it was blowen from the parde with a feat, and then we were forcenta 
lie a bull ee ir 3 8 we put an obe 
bonnet to our fopepard, whi ig and pꝛouidence sought vs to the 

of KAigbt, where we urrtued the 20, ol Ottober in the afternoone, 15 


The commodities and wares, that are moſt deſired in 
Guinie betwixt Sierra Liona, and the furthest 
place ofthe Myne, 
BF) eee 
; Bafons of diuers fortes, but the mot latton. 
Pots of courte time, of a quarte, and moze, 141 
Dome coines of pron, — 
Margarets, and certaine other ſleight beades. 
Some blewe Coprall, 
Some hore tailes. 
Linnen cloth principally, 
Baſons of Flanders. a 
Some rende cloth of a lowe pꝛite, and ſome kerſie. 
eee ee, 5 
ome great bꝛaſſe batons graued, ſuchas in #landers they ſet vpon their tußboonds. 
Domne greatbaſons of peter um mes grauen a Bh 
Some lauers ſuch as be fo water. 05 dart ; 
Great kntues of aloe rice. i 
 Pleight Flanders calls. Coil Fein 
Chelia at Roan of a lowe pꝛict, dj anp other chens 


N 0 „In 
EH. A rt 


0 7 42 4 tel * 
121 f 5 1 0 h } 


ert 


a therewith 

chat fopefaile continued ng 
and then we were forcenty 
J, and then we put an obe 
God, ought vs to the Alt 


oft defired in 
rthest 


N ober t Baker. Ir 
c ftoyme at the Weftfoury 


Robert Baker. 1. 


To me then walking tho 
in darke wichouten 


darke light, 
Ohe wipte ber face, and Kraig ht did (hota 


the belt countmance the night: 
Allonneth eke my head 
aud ſenſes log a ſpace, 
And olde fanſies away now flen 
the putteth ue m in place, 
Then leaning in my grate 
wherein full bnight ſhe unde, 
And viewing her thus on her gate 
the mazeth ſtreight my minde: 
And makes me thinke anon 
how olt in Ginnie lande 


Obe was my frend, when J haue gone 


all night vpon the lande, 

Halking and watching efte 
leaſt any boate 93 hip 

At any time, while we han ſlept 
perhaps by vs migbt Hip, 

And ſtreight with ardent lire 
my head inflameth thee , 

Eke me inſpires wich whole deſire 
to put in memonic, 

Chole daungers J haue bid 
and L aberinth that J 


Haue paſt without the clue of thꝛetde, 


eke harder ieopardte. 
AIchen gin take in hand 

ſtraight wap to put in time, 
uch trauell, as in Ginnie lande 

I haue pak in my time. 
But hauing wnitte a while 

I fall faint by the way, 


And ehe at night I lothe that file 


which J haue vnitte that day. 
And thinke my doings then 
vnwoꝛthyſure, to be 
Det forth in pꝛint befope all men, 
for euery one to fee, 
Eke with dilpaire therefore 
my pen I caſt awap, 
And did intende this neuer moze 
hereaſter to aſſay. 
yp fellow pritoner then 
ür Edward Gages fonne 


gales, Iilles me to take againe my pen 


and ende that J begonae, 
By this our friends ( ſayth be) 
ſhall right well vnderſtande 


And knoe che great trauels chat we 


haue peſt in Meathen lande, 
Cake pen therefore agaiue 


in hande, J pou require, 
And thinke (faith be) thereol no paine 


to graunt this my deſire. 
Then once againe my hed 
mp hand a monde doth lette: 


of the Englifh nation. 31 


But irk I fall vpon my bev 
and there deepe ſighes J fette, 
To lee that this to talke 
is giuen me ſillp wight; 
And of Minerua helpe J atke 
that the me teach aright, 
DHelpe now without delay, 
belpe, helpe, pe Mules nine, 
O Cleo aud Calliope, 
Thetwe me howto define 
In condigne ile and phꝛaſe 
eche thing in euery line, 
To pou F giue loe all the pꝛaiſe 
the trauell only mine, 
Giue eare then ye that long 
to know of my eſtate, 
Ahich am in France in pꝛiſon trong 
as I wrote home of late: 
Agaiuſt all lawe op right 
‘ens 00 pe eo in rep ec 
ich that the warre is ended quite, e warre a 
and peace is well agreed. anes rome 
Det leak perchaunce pou might 
much maruell how that J 
Into a Frenchmans pote ſhould lighe 
in pꝛiſ m here to lie: 
Giue no we attentiue heede, 
à ſtraunge tale gin J tell, 
how A this peare haue bene betteene, 
ſcaping the gates okhell, 
oe harde J thinke truly, 
in mone daunger of life, 
Than olde Orpheus did when he 
through hell did ſeeke his wife, 
Thole muſtke fo did ſounde 
in pleaſant play of tring, 
Chat Cerberus that he liſh hounde 


moſt hoprible to ſer) 
Did giue him leaue to paſſe 
in at the gates of hell: 
Of which gate he chiefe poꝛter was 
the Boets thus me tell. 
And how he paſt alone 
thꝛough great king Plutos Court 
Wea ferried over with Charon Caron 
and pet he did no burt, nn 
Vell to my * now, 
in hell what burt had hee + 
Perchance he night Mange ſigber mow 
and vgly {prits there fee: 
Berhaps eke Tantalus, 
there making of his mone, 
Who ſtaru dalwaps: and Syſiphus 
Rill rolling vp the one. a 


132 


Nu ſirſt vops 
age 1562, 


Met Orpheus paſſed bp, - 
and went ſtill on his wap, 


There was uo topment came him igh 


02 heate to make him fap. 
And J a Gods name woulde 
at haparde play my life 
In Guinie lande to ſeeke fo; golde, 
as Orpheus fougte his wife. 
At which ſaide lande of Guinie 
J was eke once before, 
And ſcapt the death as narotolp 
as Orpheus did and more, 
Ahich irt ill lucke will J 
retite, then iudge pou plaine, 
Ff loue plagued me not now rightly 
this ytare to goe againe. 
The other peere before 
when Neptune vs had bought 
Dafelp vnto that burning the, 
for which fo long we ſought, 
One vay when Kippe was faſt 
in fea at anker holde, 
Che ſailes vpfirll d, all bulmeſle pak 
the botelwaine then J tolde, 
That he loꝛch with ſhoulde fee 
the ſmall pinneſſe well mande, 
Eke all things therin pꝛeſt to be 
that we ſhoulde haue a lande, 
And gumer ſee that e 
want not bo we, pike, oz bill, 
Pour oꝛdiuante well pꝛimed be 
with lintſtocks burning Mill, 
With merchandise a ſhaʒe, 
we hied to traffike then, 
Paking the ſea ſome vs before, 
by fopce of nine good men. 
And rowing long at lak 
ariuer we efpie, 
In at the which we bare full fall 
to fee what there might be. 
And entring in, we ſee 
a number of blacke ſoules, 
Abole like lineſſe ſeem d men to be, 
but all as blacke as coles. 
Their Captaine comes to me 
as naked as my nale, 
Not hauing witte op honeſtie 


was voide and cleane aſtrap. 


And ſitting in j 
boat oe aby 


The voyages and diſcoueries Robert Baker, i. 


Itraffektthere that time 
le; ſuch things as they han, 
eee 


9 
Solve vs that he woũld fraighe vs then 
after a day op twaine. 
And eene thus as we were 
Pes sa N 
e he ſa ich wares 
tied at ſterne . 


of Dedalus moft deare, 
— telete Mtoe 


amids the Ocean 
sBecaufe the echten eo tel 
bis fathers counfell good) 


Robert Baker. 1, Nhe Baterti. ofthe Engliſh nation. 4133 
nnr . 
is truſt 2 . . » cuktrgonghbis rege mot, 
5 parr tarot ee vital : ba pect ah io pat change 
marcbandife But all in beine was it, ö batten end eh ine 
are, alas was fixed hard 
8 525 bertwerne fo to tcuengedbe , ann tise Mate 
g ais eraurnostone be Creare alot ae Ums füllen man, 
aD after comes hee anv hee. and Minkeditot once therfore, 
n, Ahmed boats tume fr But lirikes him with hisotenc dart then 
mclad, the ſteremolt towne Fi fay, hib ſhot at him befone, 
heere, Atlealt mects raum mo Then ppelle they on, and ſhake 
befoze to mate va fap, their darts on euerylide, 
ighe vs then In eucrp bunt tuo men, — Which in our llech doch lighe, and make 
ann qreaclong tatgetartoaine both deadly wounds and wide. 
Molt of their derts had long rings then N py vols 
to picke and pull againe. with two darts Mrooke at laf, 
wees that there apg — pour charge, 3— 
U. eSincintaebninsysbe, And cke the maiſters mate 
save, 
0 ill, 
ö Din tei ben hou erde wl 
en D chrttarcete ma hr ht. 
are 
| nena, 
0 valiant Pott > 
12 chat dont he kalleth enn they gladly fhoue anv cries 
His lellowthen in heauie pliglt. And then do winde as there 
doch wine away afraid. to enter in his place, 
de, before To bethe in bitiſh bloun. They chinke fo many wounded wert 
then ſleech the graygooſe wing. tfthe relt would pelo oz grate. 
The halberdern at hand be good, Qe then ſtand by the pike, 
am fhore rp tr rete >. and foure roh on our boat, 


Dur 2 Dea many pace ack bs bard Op 
Neg. 5 that ntittand did noberme, 
e lagen 

In great danger 


a villaine long aud the erſt fo rife. 
— Then gin . 
And hard am he o 0 They had noughe to reuenge * 
ener tn ons bast, ay 00 ne 


The voyages and diſcoueries Robert Baker.t, ji 


in hand,readp to fight, 
Caſtor and Pollux there 


C they truly 

on vs might had cheir will. 

Aud pet tue ge. before 

much awar, 
Among thoſe flaurs thinking ¢herfoze 
to haue frienbixp fo ape, 

wd Orpheus pal A wos 


any great grudge tu me, 
Before this day be ſpent anv pat 
ee 

6 


urnt —.— 
men 
all other kill 
wend, 


which co chat toaſt did 
Dea thun (ſaid he) in boat 
that we bia men bat flaine, 


whole 
But lupiter that fat 
— — i 
noiſe marueitvtherene, 


Robert Baker. , ofthe Englifanation. 


Gnopointenhing ef Du Ceruant Zephieus, 5 
olellch Eimie ln, wich seed tauke folate, 


can, 
fs 
5 * 
co fight: 1 
Doe as chow lit che thatge is thane 
J till not meddte chen: 
pat Aknowthem well (cane: Then 
thele men nerd nat to ftchbe. 101 
un, They haue fo kruitfull a comte The malfher ſtraight came tu me ti 
cht, that there is noue tha lie: ) and thus lud bp by. . 
bait made But if then can unt b All our ill luche is paſt. ‘ 
fight therrwith concene butt t we haue a merte hunde. 
a TUuill lecke ion golde in caujñua , J hope Cuglanv,éfehis winde lait, 
a wopkechen wich them thy wil. pet once againe ta finde. 
trai ght and afd And thertwwith Grright dochlenn Qlhen this A suoerfanv, 
bis, a purſuiuant in Waist eg to Ioue I women then, 6 
i e Seri gf Sy ae arg 
vnto uni a comming againe. 
K To Eolus, ibe king And paſſing on a v 
mt command him thus tum me. with fanojatile maden, 
That he ſtraigbe way nithout 2d We Al art den coalt 
a do fet at int a paſling cheeseftall mindes, 
194127 f fr: 020 „on eie ts Ts ast 
125 The ſecond voyage to Guinie, and the riuer of Selto, ſet out 
in the Moneth o/ Noumber 15% 6 3, by Sir YVillam Gerrari, Sir 
William Chefter, Sit Thomas Lodge, Maiſter Beniamin Gofton, Maiſter Willi- 
am Winter, Maiſter Lionell Ducket, Anthonie Hicl man, and Edward Caſtelin, 
ther tight, with two thips,the one called the Iohn Baptiſt, wherein went for Maiſter, Lau- 


rence Rondell: and the other the Marlin, herein went alfo for Maiſter, Robert 
Reuell, ane Factors, Robert Baker, Iuftinian Goodwine, Iames Gleidell, 
and George Gage: and written in verfe by the forefaidRobert Baker. 


Once 2 1 


are 
che mainepard vp dove, 
Cbͤbe herd hater doeh hale a maine, 


Cr haning noching bis to fte 
uber har eager bio 


ssmbmonreue ea i — q — dca tad 
U 7 ; 
tober chine abet 7 . 23; 


A did deſire to 3 1115223 
Ok France luhen they hadſad. 
we weaued 1 


rigbelubrillp we tap 
Bouder zu bio allhuch mm., 


Dur Trumpetter aloft 
now ſoundseheleats ol war, 
The oft 


Robert Baker. 2. oſthe Engliſn nation. 


Unto a Pont in Spaine, 


which Cure is call dthe Sroine, 


Ahereas we lor Freuch ladtug plaine 
receiued readie coine. N 
CLiell thus this goad lucke paff, 
we though fale Seas did ſcoute, 
Co Ginney coaſt eke tome at laff, 
O char vnhappie houre. 
Opp hand alas fon ſeare . 
now ih kes, or this to unite, 


ine eye almoſt full fraught with ceare, 


cke lets me to indite. 
hat ſhould I here recite 
the miſerie J hav, . 
Ahen none of pou will ſcarce credit 
that ere it was ſa bad 


But O Minerua, helpe me ape, 
my twits aſtond be quite. 


let no thougbt 
Aid me this thing well to define, 

which here J tate in hand. 
Mell chus it lotuued tha, 

in Ginney now arriu d, 
Ne men in boat to fhore we ga, 

where we traffike eſpide, 
And parting at midday 

from ſhip an good intent 
In hope oftraffike there J fap 


in fea at anker bight, 
ie minded to diſpatch in hut, 
eke to returne that night. 
But being hard by land, 
there ſuddenly doth riſe 
A mightic winde, where with it raind 
and thunder, in ſuch wife, 
That we by thope did rive, 
where we belt Pont might finde, 
Dur Hips we thinke from anker ſlide, 
a trice befoꝛe the winde. 


This night Vulcan begins 


on vs reueng dto be, 
And thunderbolts about he flings 
moſt terrible to fee, 
Admirxt with ſierie flame 
which cracks about our cares, 
And thus ging he to play his game, 
as no to him appeares. 
be Eolus hath feed 
herein to be his friend, 


And all the whirling windes with ſperd 


among vs doch he ſenn. 
Thus hard by fore we lap, 
this wet and weatynight, 


But on next mome and all the bap 
of fhip we had no fight, 

Fa; Vulcan all this uigit 
froin fiertc toꝛge fo faſt 


Sent thunder bolts with ſuch great light, 


that when the night was pat, 
The next day there remaind 
fo great ſmote all about, 


Pauchlike a miſt. che there with raine, 


that we were wet tlnoughout. 
And thus in finoke mindes he 
to part vs from aur ſhip: 


Thus nere a one echother fee, 


and ſo haue we the flip, 

Dur ſtips then backe againe, 
thinking we were behinde, 

Do ſaile by nye a day oꝛtwaine 
in hope there vs ta finde, 

And we the contrary, 
do row along the ſboꝛe 

Foward thinking our thips to be 
Hill failing vs befoze. 

They ſailiug thus two dayes op thee, 
and could not ſi de vs than, 

Do thinke that iu that foule night we 
were Downed euery man. 

Our ſhip then uewes doth beare, 
when ſheto England wends 

That we nine fure!p dʒomned were, 


Do row in hope pet on this coat, 
our ſhips to finde truly. 

Vell chus one day we ſpent, 
the next and third likewiſe, 

But all in vaine was our intent, 
no man aſaile efpics: 

Chꝛee dayes be now cleane paſt 
{ince any of vs nine, 

Ok anp kinde of food hathtalt, 
and thus gan we to pine, 

Till at che laſt bare nerd 
bids vs hale in with land, 

That we might get ſome root oʒ weed 
our hunger to withſtand: 

And being come to thore, 
with Negros we intreat, 

That for our wares which we had there 
they vould giue vs tocar, 

Shen fetch they vs of roots, 
and ſuch things as they had, 

Ve gaue to chem our wares to boote 
and were thereof right glad. 

To lea gu we againe, 


Cebu 1 peeing plane 
tt heb ce re, 


And 


38 The voyages and difcoueries, « Nobert Baker, 


Andthus with tale and ope That ſtill we churke our hearts would 
twelue dapes we went hard by * 
The ſtrange vucomforcable thore the roatt 
where me nothing efpi2, 
But all tbicke woods and yuh 
and mightie wilderneile, 
Out n 5 an 
ſtrange bea de and 
ectbereat of times we fee, That we ſbould frechour otune countrep 
at going Downe of Dunne, in fucha boat as this. 
Diuers veſcend in companie, Ve now gan to perceiue 
zwo the ſea they come, that we had ouerpaſt 
TAhere as vpon the ſand The Melegete toaſt fo much, 
they lie and che the cud s that we were come at laſt 
Sometime in water eke chey tand Antco the toaſt of Myne, 
aud wallow in the floud, fox Niegros came abo 
The Elephant we fee, Tlith wergbes to poiſe their golde fo fine, 
a great vnweldie beat, pea ig euery wol 
CLlith water fils his troonbe right hie In Portugeſſe righe well 
and bio weg it on the reſt. demanding crafithe there, 
The Hart J ſaw like wiſe 
delighted in che foile, i 5 
The wilde Bore eke after his guiſe emagaine, 
with ſnout in earth doth moile. we had two ſhips at ſea, ] 
A great ſtrange beat alſo, The which would comecratithe with che 
the Antelope J weene we thought within a day. 
IJ there did ſee, and many mo, She caule vuhy we thus laid, 
which erſt J haue not ſeene. was hope to be well bibe : 
And oftentimes we fee But ſeeing this. as men delmaid 
a mara thore op twaine, away we went, ud mulde 
T Aho trate brings out his Almadie Ahither our ſhips were gone, 
and ro wes to vs a maine, what way were beſt for ys: 
Here let we anker fall, Ohall we here perih now ſaith on 
of wares a thew we make, no, let vs not do thus: 
Me bid him choole among them all, Ve ſee all hope is pat 
what wares that he will take our ſhips to finde againe, 
Co hing to vs fome ſiſh. And here our liues do ſhoxten faſt 
and freſh water therefore, in miſerie and paine: 
Oꝛ elſe of meat ſome daintie vith, F 02 whp the raging heat 
which their cookes dꝛelſe a thone, of Sunue,being fo extreme, 
They ring vs by and bp Conſumes our fleth away in feat, 
great roots and bertes eke, as daylpit is ſeene. 
Tihich grow vpon the high palme tree, The Temados againe 
ſuch meat as they do like, fo often in a werke, 
Ile winke che of heir wine CHlich great lichtnings, thunder and raine 
much like our whep to ſee: with ſuch abundance eke, 
Ahich is the fappe as J baue ſeene Doe fo beat hs byuigſt, 
that runnes out of a tree. that we fleepe nat at all, 
Thus do they bring ech thing Titherebp our ſtrength is baded quite, 
which they chinke to be good, no man an ope can bale, 
Sometime wilde hony camben they tring Mo hard liue we,alas’s 
which they finde in the wood, 
CHhith roots and baggage eke 
our coꝛps we thus ſuſtaine 
From famine though it be fo weake, 
that death was ſigurde plaine 


In euerv ioynt, fo lacke 
of ſuſtenance and reit, 


Nobert Baker, 


Robert Ba er. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


Our legs now vs decciue, 


euerp deine 
Wlichehis dileaſe, which, by pour leaue, 
the Socuruie men doe call. 
Cie cannot long endure 
in this cale as dur be, 
To leaue our boat I am right ſure, 
compeld we muſt agree. 
Tyee wayes loʒ vs there is, 
aud this is my requeſt, 
Tat we map of thele thꝛee deuiſe, 
to chooſe thereof che beſt. 
The Cattle of the Mine 
is not karre hence, we know, 
To moꝛtom mome we there may be, 
if thither aed . 
There Portingals do lie, 
and chꝛiſtened men they be: 
Ff we dare truſt their curtefie, 
the wort is hanging glee. 
Dur miferie map make 


e ſu men great pains would 
Nane ſuch pong men gre iad 


lie, an a 
we ſhall be ſure to bau,, 
Although we row, ſuch meate as is 
the allowance ok a ſlaue. 
But here we to we and ſterue, 
our miſery is fo fone : 
The ſlaue with meat inough they ſerue, 
that he may teare his one, 
I this you will not like, 
the next way is to goe : 
Tinto the Negros, and to feeke 
what friendſhip they will ſhew. 
But what kauour would xe 
of theſe men looke to haue: 
ho beaſtly ſauage people be, 
karre woꝛſe then any ſlaue : 
Ik Cannibals they be 
in kind, we doe not knot, 
But ik they be. then welcome we, 
to pot ſtraight way we goe. 
They naked goe like wiſe, 
fo; ſhame we cannot ſo: 
Ve cannot liue after their guiſe, 
thus naked iin to gu. 
By rootes and leaues they liue, 
as beaſts doe in the wood: 
Among thefe heathen who can thꝛiue, 
with this ſo wilde a food? 
The piercing heate againe, 
that (corcheth with luch ſcrength, 


Piercing our naked ſleh with paine, 
will vs conſume at length, 
The third and lat is this; 
(if thoſe two pou refute) 
To die in miſerable wife, 
here in the boate you chuſe. 
And this indge by the wap, 
monꝛe truſt is to be giuen, 
Unto the Portingals al wap, 
ſich they be chiulned men, 
Then ta theſe hutiſh fort, 
which beaſtly are pe fee; 
ho of our death will make afport, 
ik Canibals they be, 
e all trith one confent, 
now d ath deſpiſing plaine: 
(Sith ik ve die as innocent, 
the mops it is our gaine) 
Dur favle we hoyſe in halt, 
with ſpeed we mind to go 
Unto the caſtell. now not pat 
a twentie leagues vs fro. 
And ſayling all this dap, 
we ſpied late in the night, 
As we paſt by thus on our way, 
vponthe fhorea light. 
Then ſapd our Boateſwaine thus, 
by rhis great light a thore, 
Trafique there ſeemes will vou let vs 
anker this night therefoze, 
And trie i we may get, 
this next mozning by dap, 
Some kind of food for bs to eate, 
and then to goe our way 
Ve anker there that niche, 
the next moꝛming to ſhoꝛe: 
And in the place, where we the light 
did ſee the nighe beſoze, 
A watch houſe now there ſtood, 
vpon a rocke without: 
Hard by a great blacke croſſe of wood, 
which putteth vs in doubt, 5 
hat place that this ſhould be, 
and looking to tye thore, 
A Cattell there we gan eſpie. 
this made vs doubethe more, 
TAhereiu we ſam did ſtand 
a Portingall o twaine: 
Tho held a white flag in his hand, 
and waued vs amaine. 
Our ſceſb as fraile now thakes, 
whtrebp we gan retire, 
And he at bs a ſhot then makes, 


gro fire, 

A piece dite dthus, 
che billing pellet tights, 
Fi thinke within a pard of bs, 
but none of vs it hits, 


140 The voyages and diſcoueries Robert Baker.2, 


vn we bad there Deriking their open comps in lige, 
1 — with dine of arrow head. 
But belpleſle nom, we rowea thoye. Fon we fatwe they bad there 
to know th end ol our paine, no Gallies vs to take, i 
The uerrer that we went Tlere tineatnings the could vs not feare 
to them unto the Cope, op make vs once to thake, 
To veld our ſelues , as fir we ment Then Canons loud gan rope, 
they dill did ſyoot the mot. and pellets fe about, 
Now Canons loudgan rope, And each man haleth hard his one 
and Culuerins nom cracht, and mooued not a ſoate. 
The Caſtell eke it thundged e. Pea though the poulder ſent 
as though the wals weere ſackt. the pellets thicke away, 
Some thot doth light hard bp, Det ſpite of th m cleane though we went 
ſome ouer vs againe: i at lat. and got che fea, 
But though the thot ſo thicke doch fie, And pie ces charging falt, 
pet rowe we in a maine, they that after v8 fo, 
That now foneere we be Chat wonder was it hom we patk 
vnto the caftell wall. the furie of our foe, 
That none of them at vs we Ke, The pined arme felt not 
tan make a thee at all. as nom, the heauie ope: 
ue ment a land to goe, Aith foure ſuch oꝛes was neuer boat, 
their curteſie to trie: Athinkee, row d fo beſoze. 
Bue from the wal great ſcones they tom, To ſeaward {raping fo, 
and there with by and bp, thꝛee Negroes we ſeethere, 
The Negros marching donne, Came rowing after vs to knom, 
in battell rap do come, what countrep men we were? 
With dart and target ſtom the tune, Ut anſwered Englichmen, 
anv follow all a domme. and that thither we came, 
A bowe in hand ſome bene, With wares to trafique there with them, 
wich poi ned arrow peft, if they had meant the fame, 
Ca Krike there withthey be full bent, They Portugule doe ſpeake 
a pined Cughth heft, right naturall iwis: 
But ſtones come done fo faſt And ot our ſhip to know they ſeeke, 
on va on euery fide, how big and where fhe is. 
Tie thinke our boats bottom would bat’ We anfwered them againe 
if long we thus abide. we had two ſhips at fea, 
And arromes flie ſo thicke, Right well appointed full of men, 
bifling at euery care, } that ſtreight would take their way 
Mhich both in clothes and ſieſh do ſticke, Along the coat for gold, 
that we, as men pat feare, they carp but for vs, 
Crp nom, Launch launch in halt, Wibich came with wares there to haue ſold 
hale of the boate a maine: but that they vl d vs thus. 
Foure men in banke let them Ge Falk Then gan they vs to pray, 
and rowe to fea againe. if we lackt any thing, 
The other fine like men, To anker there all that whole dap, 
do manfully in hand, and theyto vs would bring 
Take vp each kind of weapon then, All chines that we doe want, 
theſe wolues here to withſtand. they forp fap they be: 
A harquebuſh cakes one, But we their woꝛds yet truſting (cant, 
another bends his bowe, refufe their curtefie, 
Among the flaues then dotwne als one, THe aſke them of this hold 
andother hurt J trowe. what place that it ſhould be, 
At chofe Poningals then thoot we, Then they againe thus ſraight vs told 
vpon the Fort wbich Gand, that Portingals there lie. 
In long fine white ſhirts as we fee, And hom that point they fap, 
and lintltocks in th ir hand. which there hard bp we fee, 
And ek theſe ſbirts ſo white as one of Cape thyte points that lay ce 
we painted ſome full ted, the Aelternmoſt of cee. mee vous. 
uten 


eee nation. 141 


TUuthouten further ſyorth. To whe fox bwith goe bands, 
we hoiſe our fatle to fens: ° 1 foster 
Minding a friend placeto feech, — — 
and thus tes ham mag diuc fog things be lol 


b hee pe en 
fiue hundyed men — pg 


; me ee 
Qnvknew ——— melanie 
| ene wichthem there all char nighe: 


mann 
5 eng ee ed 
they tboughe chis chem 


And chat we know not very well, 


W pea bade vs c a: when Nips will tome to coatt: 
Wibereof God knowes we were ful kaiue, They then ware wearie freight, 
creto haue ſuld when this we vnderſtand. andthey which did beſche 
Each man banken to his one, i} At fundpp timen give vs to eate, 
to bale the bonte a land: 1 1 did giue vs now no moe, 
Where as we fee byonthe ſhoꝛe, Dur lowance wart ſo ſmall, 
le dap, fiue hund ed Negros ſtand. 1 that neuer nine J geſſe, 
9 Dur men ro wing in amine, Mere ſeru d the like pet ill withall, 
‘ the billow went ſo hie. a it waxed leſſe aud ler. 
Chat ſtraight a naue oneriuhelms vn Dome run now in the wood, 
ting ſtaut, and there in fea we lie. (cleane andthere fon rootes do ieeke, 
* os by and by, A 
N tue: too bab that we miſlike. 
e, auen vs Aae 
she vs told chm durſt plap the 
4 
nes to fathion ftraigtt a pot, 
ark coven no barnens ln Pune all bap 3 


another fatlech not 


142 The voyages and diſcoueries Robert Baker. 


Aud then to loue on hie 
tall 


angeregten. 

nd toun 

te keepe wild beate vs from. 

But what ſhould J retite, 
derlare 


0} couet to f 
e patton cke t endite 


my hard Ginnie lartꝛ 


further time, 
this Tragedie J enn. R. Baker. 


The voyage of N. George Fenner to Guinie, and the Illands of 
Cape Verde, in the yeere 1366. with three fhips,to wit, the Admirall, called the Ca- 
ſtel of Comſort the May Flower, and the George,and — aif, Written by Walter Wren. 


N he 10. day of December in aboueſayd, we departenfrom Plimmouth, 
1 mnie. pe one, 5 = 
15 mom Munday, we of Finifter, 

and the fame ni tel theron ten irg Water ie na 

long the coatt Bojtingall, hoping that our Admirtil had dent hetoye bs, ox 


e, 


* R. Baker. 


d the Iſlands of 
dmirall, called the Ca · 
titten by Walter Wren. 


rtedrom Plimmouth, 
fight of Cape Finifter, 
wherefore 


George Fenner. of the Engliſh nation. 143 


Che 18. day we met wath a Mrench big. of hom we made inquitte nice Adinirall, but he 
could not tell vs ut wen ol him : fo we lolo hd our courte to the Iſlands of the Canaries, 
The 25.dap inthe mowing we fell wich a fmal J ſland called Porto Santo, and within 3 houres 
we bad rol anecier Ildland called Madera, which is 6.leagues from Porto Santo, 
Fenner C ap aboeld 8 koige, e Paiſter 
—— name was Robert Courtiſe, andochers of the ſayd ſhip, and fraſted them wich ſuch cheere 


Che 28. day we fell with an Illand called Tenerif, whichis 27. leagues from che Caro Alland, 
and onthe Catt five thereof we tame to an anker in foptie favome water, within a bale (hore of 
the (hope, ma little Baie, wherein were chee on foure mall houfes : which Baie and houtes were 
udn from a little Cotwne called Santa Cruz, a league on thereabout, and as we road in the Capo 
Brie, we migbe {ee an Bland called the grand Canaric, which was 6,0) 7. leagues from bs. 

Che 29. day the Pap Flower ſoz chat the could not fee into the road where we were at an an 
ber, by teaſon the wind was off the hore, ¢ becauſe the bare roomer from the land then we did, in 
the moming came bearing in with che towne ol Santa Cruz, thinking to come to an anker in the 
roadagainũ the to wne, anv before fhe came within the reach of any of their opdinance, they thot at 
her foure pietes which cauted her to come roome with vs, and came at lat to mn anker by vs. And 
about oue ot the clocke in the after noone, the ſoꝛenamed Captaine of the May Flower, mite a lettet 
aſhoe diretting it to the bead officer of che tone of Santa Cruz, to the intent to vnderſtand the pꝛe· 
tence? of the ſhooting of the {apd oꝛdinance. 

Che letter being witten, Robert Courtife mater of the May Flower, and Walter Wren, 
wert appointed to Deliner t he ſame a land at the three oz foure houſes to be tonueted to the ſdyeſayd 


TUheroupon one of the Spaniards vnraied himſelke, and lept into the water, and ſwamme to the 
boate, whom we receiucd, And he ſaluted vs, and demaunded what our requeſt was: we made him 
anfwere,chat by nuiſtoꝛtune we loft the companie of our Admirall, and being bound to this Alland 
to traſlique fon wines and other things neceflarie for vs, doe heare mindto lay vntill the come, 

Concerning our letter, he made vs anſwere that he would with all diligence carp it, and deli: 
wer it attoding to the direction, and ſo the ſayd Walter knit the letter in a bladder, and delivered 
te to him, and allo gaue him foure ropals of Spaniſb monep for his palnes: and pomifing 
ther we ſhould haue anſwere of it, he tooke his leaue, nd fame agatne a (hone, where the people 
Mood ready to reteiue him. And after chat chep had talked with him, and vnderſtood our meaning, 
fore ol them them vp their hats, aud the other pt them olfholding them in their hands, and made 
bs wetweho ree i defiring that the boate would come a land, but we refaluting the 
towed ainẽ aboord, 

The zen Gouernouts brother of Santa Cruz, came abooꝛd the Pap Flower, with fire 
m ſeuen Spaniards with him, who concluded with the Captaine that we might come a ſhoze and 
traffique with chert, but that day we did not, io we had no ſulfitient pledge of theirs loz our aſlu⸗ 
tante. Our Captaine intertained them well, and at their departure gaue them foure pieces of op 
di aanee for a farewell, and beſtowed vpon them two checles with other things. 

The layd Gouernours bother pꝛomiſed our Capitaine that he ſhould haue lufficient 
An which was not done, whertupon we grrw ſuſpicious, and went not 

e. 


beh of Fanuarte, our Captaine ſent Nicholas Day, and Iohn Sumpter a ſhope, tubo Xanuarts, 


were very well entertained with as many of our company as went after chem 

In che fapd Fland is a matueilous high bill called the Pike, whirh is a farre off mode Icke a 
Cloudinehe dire, then any other thing: the hill is round and ſumewhat final at che top, it bath not 
bis eee eee See eee b 
ter u Hemmer ſeddome without ſnow. * fi 


In 


—— — 
144 The voyages and diſcoueries George Fenner, 


In this Alland abort two leagues from the ſaid Santa Cruz. is a citie called Anagona, 
The third day we departed about the CTleſterue point of the Alland, about 12,02 1.4, leaqueg 
from Santa Cruz, into a Baie which is right agapnt the houfe of one Petro de Soufes, m which 
Baie we came to an anker the 5. dap, where we heard that our Admirall had · bene there at in an 
ker 7. dapes before vs, and uus gone thence to an Iſland called Gomera, toberewpon we fet Caple 
ſeutly co ſeeke him. 

cher merte * The e. dap we came to an anker againtt the toume of Gomera, where we finde our Anmitill 

ther Admiral wich was very iopfull of our tommmung, and we alfo cf bis fight, 

— An the lapd wade we found Edward Cooke inacallthip, anda thip ofthe Coppertiniths of 
London, which the wortingals haderecheroully ſurpyiſed in the Baie of Santa Cruz, vpon the coul 
of Barbarie, which (hip we left there all ſpoiled. ’ 

Dur General and merchants bouglt in the (aid towne fo, our pꝛouiſon, 14. buts of wine vic 
colt 1 5 dutata a butt, which wert offered vs at Santa Cruz in Tenerif, ſo 8, 9 and 10.ducats, 

The 9. day we departed from this toad to an other Baie. about 3. leagues off, and there cooke in 
kreſh water: and fo the 10. day we [et ſaile towards Cape Blanke, which is on the toaſt of Ginnie, 

The 12. day we fell intoa Baie to the Caſtwardol Cape Pargos, which is 35. leagues ftum 
Cape Blanke. But hauing no knowledge of that coat, we went with Cape Blanke, and at the 
fall of the land we founded, and had 1 6, fadome water tus leagues from the hore, The land is 

1 good ta: very lobe, and white ſand. Upon the fall of the ſayd coaſt, beware hots pou bozo in 12. 0 10. 

— fadomre,for within 2,03 3. caſts of the lead you may be on ground. 

Che 17. day, we let ſavle from Cape Blanke, directing our tourſe South and by Eat, aun 
South among, and fo fell into a Baie to the Eaſtward ol Cape Verde, about 16. leagues, and 
about 6. leagues from the thoye. The ſayd laud ſeemed vnto vs as ik it had bene a great number ol 
Lips vnder faple, being in deed nothing els but the land which was full of Pammoks, ſame high 
ſome lowe, with high trees on them. Ae bare with the ſayd land till we were within z. leagueg of 
the ſhoze. ind then we ſounded and found 2 ;. fadome water, black oaſe. This day we ſam much fith 
in ſundyy ſculs wimming with their nofes with the luumme of the water. 

bewege Walling along this coat. we might fee Two finall round hils, ſpeming to vs about a league one 

= fromthe other, which isthe Cape, and betweene them are great ope of trees, and in all our Dapes 
failing we ſaw nolan fo high. as the ſaid two hils. 

The 19. day we came to an anker at the Cape. m a toad faſt by the Mtſtermoſt fine of two hilt, 
in 10. fadome of water, tubere pou map ride in ſiue op fire favome, ſoꝛ the ground is faire, and als 
wayes pou ſh ill baue the wund off the thoze, And as ſoone as we were all at an anker, dur Geuerall 
tanie abooyd bs, and with him the maſter ofthe Admirall, whofe name uus William Bats, and 
tuiththem the Captaine of the Ciceadmirall, tobofe name was maſter Edward Fenner, and Ro- 
bert Curtiſe the maſter, and dined abooꝛd of vs. being in the George, wherein was Captaine Iohn 
Heywood, and Iohn Smith of Hampton mater, and there we concluded to goe aland, which was 

€he footith bus mile from vs: and by che counfell of William Bats, both Captaine and merchants and di: 

10 B of erg ok the company went without armour; for he layd, that although the people were blacke and 

periwading naked, pet they were tiuill: ſa that he tuduldnecdes giue the venter, without the confent of tye 

tand bs“ rell, to go without weapon, Thus they rowed to Nope, bert, we being in the thip migbt fee a 

armed. great company of Negrocs naked, walking tu and fro by the fea five where * 
was, waiting for the comming of out men, who came too ſoone, and landed to their lolſe as fell out 

rds. 

There went a hore the Admirals ſ Riffe. zud the May Flowers boate, and in them the number 
of 20, perſons q thereabouts, as matter George Fenner the General, his bother matter Ed- 
ward Fenner, Thomas Valentine, lohn Worme and Francis Leigh marchants, John Haward, 
William Bats, Nicholas Day, Iohn Tomſon, aud others, 

At their conning to the (hope there were 100. Negroes opbptward, with their bowes and ar» 
rome: our Captaines and merchants talked with them and accoꝛding to the vſe of the tountrey, the 
one demanded pledges ol the other and they were content to deliuer 3. of their Negros fox 3. of out 
men, Dur 3. mens names were theſe, lohn Haward, Wil. Bats, Nich. Day, loh. Tomſon, and loh. 
Curtiſe:theſe were delivered them. and we receiucd 3. Negroes into our Admirals Chiffe, 

Couette, Dur men being alhore the Negroes, begaume totalke with them, declaring what ware 

22282 and merchandtze we had, as cloth, linnen cloth, iron, cherſe and other things, The Negrocs 

des ef C anſwered againe they had cpuct, muſ ke, gold aud graines, which ple aſed our taptatnes and mer: 

. chants very well. Then the Negroes delired to haut a fight of ſome of our wares, to the which our 


and 


iMerchants were tontent and footy with (ent aboord one of che boates fop part of their merchandise, 


~ 


George Fenner, 


_ Anagona, 

t 12,02 14. le 

Petro de Souter ane 
had · bene there at in an 

whtrexpon tue fee laple 


fe we Finde our Anni 


p of the Coppertinitts of 
Panta Cruz, vpon the coat 


on, 14. buts of wine vz 
8, 9, und . 
huesoff, and there tooke in 
his on the coaſt of Ginnie, 
hich in 35. leagues from 
ape Blanke, and at the 
n the fhoye, The land ig 
vou bozo in 12. 02 10, 


Douth and by Eat, an 
„about 16, leagues, and 
AD bene a great number ol 
of Mammoks, fore high 
were within 3 leaguesof 
bis day we ſam much fith 


to about a league one 
res, and in all our daxtt 


le ſtermolt five af two hilt, 
e ground is faire, and ale 
at an anker, our Gcuerall 
uns William Bats, anb 
dward Fenner, and Ro- 
rein was Captaine John 
d to goe aland, which was 
ne and merchants and dis 
people were blacke and 
ithout the confent of tye 
g in che ſhip might fee a 
where the l plate 
edc their loſle as fell out 


and in them the number 
bis hother matter Ed- 
ichants, John Haward, 


with their bowes and ar» 
he ble of the countrey, the 
heir Negros fo} 3. of out 
lIoh. Tomſon, and loh. 
Admirals Chiffe, 

m, declaring what ware 
er things. The Negrocs 
our captaines and met: 
t wares, to the which our 
art ol theu . 

an 


George Fenner. ofthe Englith nation. 


ann in the nRane time wbile the boace went to the thip, our fine men were walking on che ſboare 
with the Ne pelo ee ee aay other boate by the (ea five, bas 
inthe 3. Negroes wich them. 

N ur Goate then came againe, and brought pron and other marchandize, with bread, wine, 
ano cheeſe, which they gaue vnto them. Then two of the Negroes ( which were the pledges) 
mae theme lues licke, deſiring to goe aſboart, promifing to ſende other two for them. 

taine Hayward perteiuing that our inen bad let the Mh me a thoare, aſked what they 
mant, ( ind doubt ing the wont) began to dam toward the bu, nd two oꝛ the of the Negroes 
followed him. And when be came to the boate they began to Ray him, and he made fignes vnto 
themthat he would ferche them moze dyinke and bread : notwithſtanding, when hee was entring 
intothe boate, one of them caught him by the breeches, and woulde haue Raped him, but hee 
Sangre kram him and leapt into the boate. And as frone as hee was in, one of the Negroes a 
fhoare began to blowe a pipe, aud pꝛeſently the other Negro that was in our boate, ſitting on 


145 


the boates fine, and Maſter W ormes ſwond bp him, ſuddeniy debe the ſwonde out of che ſcaberde ene 
— 


and cat himſe lle into the fea, and ſwomme a ſhoare: and prefentlyp the Negroes layde handes on 
our men that were ou ſhoare, aud tooke thee of them with great violence, and toare all their aps 
patell from their backe s, and left them nothing ta couer them, and many of them ſbotte fo thicke 
ir our men in our boate s. that they coulde ſtatſe ſet bande to any Dare to rowe from the ſboare, 
ra ( by the belpe of God) they got from them with their boates, although many of them were 
hurt with their popfoncd arrowes: and the popfon is vncurable if che arrowe enter within 
the Chinne and dawe bloud, and except the popfon be prefently ſuckt out, oz che place where 
my man is hurt, be furthwith cut away hee dieth within foure dapes, and within chee houres af: 
ter they be hurt 02 priched, whereſoener it be, although but at the litle toe, pet it ſtriketh vp to the 
heart, and tak ech away the ſtomacke, and cauſeththe partie marueiloulip to vomit, being able to 
byooke neither meate 1102 dꝛinke. 
The Negroes hauing vſed our men with fuch cruelty, whole names were Nicholas Day, Wil. 
liam eee Toinſon, ledde them away to a towue which was within a mile of the water 
five.op there A 

Che 20,dap we ſent too lande a boate on Chiffe wherein were eight perfons, and one of heme 
twas the loyeſaid lohn Tomſon and our interpreter, which was a Frenchman, (fop there was ove 
of the Negroes which fpake good French: ) chep carried with them two harquebuſſe s, two tare 

a 


grts,anda mantell. 

Che caule of fending chem was to learne what raunſome they demaunded for Batts and 
Day, whome they detained, And tuhen they came to the thoare, and tolde the Negroes what 
they defiren, they went and fetched them from among the trees, and brought them loofe among 
fourtie op fiftie ol them. And being come wit hin a ones caf of the fea five, William Batts babe 
from them, and ranne as laſt as hee coulde into the ſea towardes the boate, and hee was not fo 
foone in the water but hee fell downe, either being out of breath oy bis footing fayling him in 
the fande being foft : fo that the Negroes came ano fell on him and tooke him, and balled him, 
that wee thought they had come him in pietes. Foz they toare againe all the spanned from bis 
Sache, fo that fome of them caried our men againe to the towne, and the reſt (hotce at vs with 
their poyſoned arrowes, and hurt one ol our men called Androwes in the ſmall of the legge, 
who being come aboozve, ( fo all chat our Surgeons coulde doe) wee thought hee would 


haue died. 

Dur Generall (notwithſtandiug all this villanie, ) ſent againe to them, and offered them 
aup thing that they deſired for the raunfome of our men, but they woulde not deliver them: 
Sting vs this anfwere, That there was in the lopeſayde roade the weekes before wee came, 
a Cnglih ſheppe which had taken three ur their people, and vntill wee did bring on ſende 
pc soar wee ſhoulde not haue out men, although twee would giue our thee ſhippes with 

riture, 

Cie 21.vapa French ſlippe of the burden of fourefeore tunnes, (d there abouts, came to the 
place where we were, being bounde to trafique at the Cape: me tolde them of the detayning of our 
two men by the Negroesꝛ and ſeeig that theſe Frtruchmen were verp well welcome to the Ne- 

swe withed them to fee whether they coulde procure them againt of the Negrocs, and hing 
along with cheni,and our Oenerall pomifen the Frenchmen 100.1i,toobeaine them, o 
we commited the matter to the Frenchmen and departed, 

Ofour men that were hurt by the Negroes arrotwes, foure died, and one to faue bis life, had 


bis arme cut off, Androwes that was lan of all me ee able to belpe ar 
one 


danger of 
paw pb 
rotuee, 


fw 
ae 
gtors. 


——— — — — 


146 The voyages and diſcoueries George Fenner, 


onel 1 tecouered of thett hurts, Mo we placed other men in the roomes of thole that wet u 
d fet ſaile. a 

8 The 26. day beeweene Cape Verde, and Bona viſta, we ſam manp Aping lichen of che bignes 

of herrings, whereof two flew into our boace; which we tower at our terne. 

asonavita. The 28. day we fel with an Bland called Bona viſta, whichis from Cape Verde 86 leagues, 
The NMoꝛthſide of the Cave Illande is full of white ſundie hilles, and dalex, and ſome what dig 
lande. - 

The {aide day we came to an ancte wichin the Wicttermof point about a league within thy 
Maleate in 8 tenne foote water, but pou map goe nere till ya 
be iu liue adom, ground is faire. 

asia as we were at an ancre, our General ſent his pinneſſe a land, and ſounde ſiue 0 Ope 
ſmall houſes but the people were flende into the mountaines : and the next day hee ſent a ſhoate 
e 2. Portingals, who willingly went abooꝛde with his men, and at theit com 

ming be welcommen them, altdougb they were bur poore and ſimple, ¢ gaue eche of thema pan 
of ſboes, and fo fee them a ſhoare againe, ; 

The zo. day we waped and failed into a bay within a ſmall Fflaud about a league from bs, n 
tooke plentit of diuers ſxnes of ll. The fopefaive lande lyeth in ſieene degrees. And if pox 
meane to ancre in the ſaid bay, pou may bozrotw in foure op ſue favome of the Douthermolt pam 
ofthe ſaide Illand, which pou may ſer when pou ride in the rvade. But beware ol the middle 

1 good admo⸗ the bay, fo) di. eee 

mation. water ouer them. 

Che laſt day of Januarie our Generall ich certaine of his men went a ſhoare in the bayen 

en the houfes, where he found twelue Portingals. In all the Illand there were not aboue 30, 

Bauens. which were banilbe d men for atime, ſome iim moze peeres,fome for lee, and amongũ them ten 
was one ſmple man which was their taptaine. 

They liue vpon goates fleth, cockes, hennes, and frech water :other victuals they haue none, 
lauing Gith, which they eſteeme not, neither haue they any boates tot ke them, 

* They reported that this Allande was giuen bp the king of Portingall, to one of bis Gentle 

Greattoie ot men, who bach let it forth to rent fop one bundyech dutates a peere, which rent is reared only 
goates ſkinnes. #0 by their ſpeaches there bath bene ſent fooreh of the ſalde Bland into Portis. 
gale 30000. fhinnes in one peere, 

Ve were to theſe men maruciloufly welcome, and to their powers very well intertained am 
they gane vs the fleſh of as many hee · goats as wee would haue, and tooke much paines lo vun 
taking them, and bringing them from the mountaines vpon their alles, 

Chey baue there great More of che ople of Coptoples, which Cortople is a fh which (rem 
meth in the fea, wich a ſbell on his backe as bwade ag a target. It raineth not in this Bland butia 
three moneths of the peere, from the middelt of July to che middeſt of October, and it is here ih 
1 TN botte. Kine baue bene bought bither, but by reaſon of the heate and dyougtte thep 

aue died. 

Felina. The z of Febzuurie wee departed from this Jlland, and the fame dap fell with another Aus 

cregieor balledthe Tile ol Maiyo, which is 14. leagues from the other Illand: there is in the middeſl of te 

Sapa. way berweene theſe 2. Allands a danger which is alwapes to be ſeene. 

ice ancredin che Morthtwett five of the ſaide e in a faire bay, of tight ladoms water ad 

23 faire ſande, but here wer ſtayed not, but the fourth day taped and failed to another Iſland calla 

S. Iago, which lyeth off the ſaid Allande of Maiyo Cali and by Mouth, and about fiue leagues ont 
from the other. Being come within the Meſtermolt point, wee ſawe a faire roade, and a mull 
towne by the water five, and alſo a fort 0p platforme by it: there wee purpoled to tome to autre, 


and out Marchants to make fome fale, But befrre we came within their ſhotte, they let ſie tus f 


two pieres, thereupon wer went roomer and failed along the ſboare rwo o7 three leagues from 
r we found a ſmall bap and two 02 three final houſes, where we came co an anti 
in 14. fadom re ground. 

Mithin an houre after we had antred, we might fre diuers hoyſemen and lootemen on the lun 
right ag ainſt vs riding and running to and fro. 

The next day being the fife of Febzuarte, a compante of their bopfemen and foottmen 
Susy wm: eye wap, wea ae eg Ge 

: ? 

with him, that the came to trafique as a marthant, he fhould — 
he ſhould haue anp ching that he 07 che marc ham would with reafon demaunde. 


— 

George Fenner. 
rr 
pomes of thole that wet lat, 
ae Bes of te bre 


nCape Verde 86 leagues 
Dales, and fometwhar bigs 


t about a league within the 
t POU map goe neere til poy 


land, and founde fire 0 in 
next day hee ſent a Qoares 
b bis men, and at their com 
e gaue eche ol them a pen 


bout a league from bs, an 
iteene degrees. And tf pou 
c of the PDouthermot poi 
Sut beware ofthe middle 
th, pet there is tee fan 


went a ſhoare in che bayen 
vere not aboue 30. 


le, andamong them there i 


bictuals 
. bi they haue none, 


pm to one of bis Gentle 
ich rent is reared ouelyn 
e ſuide land into Portia. 


verp well intertained un 
e 


| Detaber, and tt is here ab 
che heate and wougtt thep 


ay fell with another Nun 
here is in the middeſt of the 


ok eight ladoms water ant 
d to another Iſland calla 


Wilanousercacheries after 
9 bee 


George Fenner. ofthe Englifh nation. 


pinncile, and 
andthe George, and willed them in like foz¢ to man their two boates, 
Theſe boates bei 


Captaine ö 
Aale ikg with hin betel, 

Tih this ant were the boate returned, and then our Generall cauſed his pinneſſe to rotue to 
hem aud as he tame neere the thoare, they came in a great companie with much obe ylance, opts 
ning their bandes, and armes abzoade, bowing chemfelues with their bonnets off, with as much 
humble falutations outwar diy as they might s eatneſtip deſiring our Generall and Parchants 
to tome a lande to them, whercunco hee would not agree, without fulficient gages of Gentlemen 
1 Harchants. At length they pꝛomiſed to ſende two gages to our Generals contentment, 
0 freth water, victuall, mone p, o; Negroes fo, ware, if it were {uch as they liked: and 
thereloze Defired our Generall and Marchauts to ſende them a ſboare in writing, the quantitie of 
theit wares, ann the names ol them: all which our Geuerall deyarted to perfourme, loo kung for 
their anfwere the movotwe following. And being gone a litle from the Hoare, hee cauſed his bas 
{es curriets,and harquabuſſes to be thotte off, and our ſhippes in like cafe ſhotte off fue oꝛ fire pic: 
tes of great opdinancc,and ſu came aboopde to prepare the note. The Portingals mof of them 
peparten, ſming thuſe that were left to watch and to retciue the note, which about fourg gp fine a 
clocke in the after noone was fent, and it was receiued. But all the purpoles of the Ponsiggels, 
vert villanouflp co betrap vs ( as (hall appeare percafter, ) although we meant in trucchagp ho» 
nettie, friendlp to trafique with them. 

Chere was to the Wiettwarns of vs, and about two leagues from vs, atowne behinde a point 
fatt bp che ſea Give, where they had certaine Caruels n Hippes, and alfo two Bpigandines, 
inhereol they ( muh all che {peeve that they might) made readie foure Caruels, and both the Bris 
gandines which were like two Gallies,and furniſbed them both with meu and oprinance,as much 
asthep could carrie, and as ſoouoas it was nige. thep came towing and falling cowards vs: fa 
the the lash being higb, and the weather ſome what cloudie oꝛ myſtie, aud the y comming all the 
a the ſhoare, wet sould not (ce them till they were right againſt one ol our ſhippes 

y floure. 

Bythis time it ws about ane op two of the tlocke in the moꝛning, and the May floure roade 
nerter them then the ocher two by a bale thotte, fo that they made a ſure accompe either to haue 
taken her g burut her. In the meaue time our men that had the watche (litle thinking of fuch 

i fo many laire woꝛdes. ) were ſinging and plaping one with the other, 
5 6 : ſmall gale of winde, and riding neere the lande) they 
! is from the ſinart i ſo that we ſuyyoled that they made accompe that wee had eſpied 
them, which in detde we had nut neither had any one piece of opdinance pꝛimed oz any other thing 


7 


ple, nb cut cr rable at the bawlt. unh wenkegwexde, 
En cb aig a aie on bet den fer 
a 2 


aur Admirall, and they 


14-7 


The treafon 
ot the Poyrins 
galo in . 
Jago to ain 
men, 


148 The voyages and diſcoueries George Fenner, 


—— —— ͤ -— — 
at them that it made them to retire, and at length to warpe away like trai 
3 
5 we 0 
Pear een the . ee eee 
fet laile towards an Illand called Fuego, 12. lea gues from che lade Allandot S. lago 
Zac ede damn, ween 11. day white 


Che Ade et 
Suge. 


Mille. 


Cotton in 
Jutz. 


She Bis of 
Wlaua. 


Ebdep returne, 


Marcy. 


„ At 
, againk a Tint, 
Wie ende of the lad Ilan, within halle a league of a litle cotane,cwd within a league op chery 

about of the vetermott point of che laid Jann, 
Inehis Aland is a marvetlons high bill which doch burne concinuallpand che inbabicants w 
that about 3, peeres pat, the whole Bland was like co be burned withthe abundance 

came out 

Abe akegur from the ado cheppel ache Nedhunw ina goabtyCpning of fel mater bm 
tue dad as much as wer would. Eibeace they haue none growing here. but a certaine {eedethy 
call Mill, and tertaitie peaſon like Guinie peafon, weich Mill mabeth good breate, by 
they baue here good Mtoze of rother beaſtes aud goates. Their marchandise is cotton which 


there. 
Tbeinbabitants are Portingals, which bene commandement ktõ the king to traliqur neithet 
Sie coches fsa en tp oper Cin rent hep & rst 0 bt 21 
There lieth off this Illann another called Ilha Braus, which is not palling two leagues eutrz 
hath good ſiode of gvates and manp trees, but there are not palling tipee od foure perfons vine 


in it. 
— as nepal Steal ere on the 23. bape 
March we one of them called Fores, en iwer might Flanvto 

. of it called Cueruo, lying 2. league o thereabouts off the other. * 

The 27. we came to an ancee in Cueruo puer againſt a village of about twelue ſimple hen TF 
fess but in the night by a gale ol winde, which cauled vs to Dpatve our ancre after vs, we hora 
faite and bent to the afozefain Alland of Flores, where wee (ane Prange ſtreames of water 
3 the high clifkes by realon of the great abundance of raine chat had luden 

en. 

Che 29. day we came againe to Cueruo and caſt anere, but a fopme aroſe and tontinutd feurs 
op eight houres together, (o that wee let flippe a cable and ancre, am after the fopne was una 
wet came againe thinking to haue recouerev the fame, but the Portingals had either takenit, 
ſpoiled it: the cable was nem and neuer wet beldye, and bochtd cable and ancre was better 
then 40 li. Ho that we accompt our ſelues much bedolding to che honelt Portingals: 

Che 18. day of Appl wee tooke in water at the Mund ? Flores, and hauing antred au 


hauing cable 
was fretted in funder with a tocke anv fo burt where wer lof chat cable and antte alfo,anv fore 


parted to our coaſt. 

Chen twee fet ſaile to an Illande named Faiall, about the which lie er lands 
one called Pico, the other S.George, and the other Gracioſa, ich tee ban Bake of * 
28. day. f 

Che 29. we tame toan ancre in the Mouth welt five of Fayal in a faire bap, and 22, favom i 
„FFF In this Illand by them 

9 e greene fpeaches 
—— Michael, mot Tercera, Wee n 

The eight day of Pay we came to Tercera, where we mette with a Portingal Hippe, be 
ing deſtitute of a cable and ancte, dur General cauſed vs to ketpe her conmpanie, to (ee ihn 

vga 


could conuententlp {pare vs any. Che next we 
— abc nee tages ot de Pieri, 


1 
ity At len e 
Cuutii 


— — 


George Fenner. 


— 
werpe away like trateteag 
et they Suse netther man ay 


‘allannof S.Iago, arn 
faint a white Unt 
end within a league op ther 


uallp,and the inbabicants w 
urned with che abundance of 


zores, and on the 23, dapat 
igte (ee another F Alan to tye 


be . 

eof about twelue ſimpleh Fe 
our ancre after vs, we heyſa 
range ſtreames of water in 
ce ot raine that had ſurden⸗ 


lie er Muna the 
d ee be Oe oo 


faive bay, and 22. favom u 
nal. In this Alland by ther 
by their (peaches is farte bo 


George Fenner. of the Engliſh nation. 


Camuels came off the (hoare, and tino other pinneſſes full of men, and de liuered them abooꝛde the 
great ſhippe, and fo went backe againe with two men in a piece of them. The ſhippe ano che Care 
Als gaue be the li day three fighes, and when the night was come, they left of hooting, 
pet nochwichſlanding kept hard by bs all the nigbt. In the meane time wee had as much as wee 
coulde dot all the night to mende our ropes, and to Grengthen our bultwarkes, putting our 
truft in God, and reſoluing our ſelues rather to die in our defenſe, then to ber taken by ſuch 


Che nen day being the 10. ol Map in che moꝛning, there were come to apde the {aide Portin- 

Armados oꝛ Caruels more which made ſeuen, of which . thee of them were at the 

kan tome apiece, che other not fo bigge. but all well appo med and fullof men. All beſe 

came bearing with vs being in our Admirall, and one of the great Caruels came te ay 

ps abooyde (as we iudgtv) fa they had prepared their falle nettings, and all things fo that pur 
pole ſo that the Gallias came vp in our larbooꝛd five, and the Caruel in ur ſtarbood five, 

Our Captaine and aller perceiuing their pretence, caufed our gunners to make all our o 
pinance tradie with crolicbarres, chainethotte, and haileſhot: ſo the ſbippe and Carnell came vp. 
indas foone as they were right in our fives, they ſbotte at vs as much oꝛdinantce as thep coulde, 
thinking to haue layde vs pꝛelently aboo de: whereupon wee gaue them ſuch a beate with both 
our ſides that they were both glad to fall aſterne vs, and fo pauſed the ſpace ol two o thꝛee houres 
being a veryſmall gale of winde. 

Then came vp the other fine and ſhot all at vs, and fo fel all aſterne vs, and then went to couns 


ell to . 

Chen dur finall barke named the George tame to vs, and wer conferredtogerher a great 
ſpatt. And as the Portingall thippes and Caruels were comming to vs againe. our barke mins 
ping to fall aſterne of vs, aud ſo to come vp againe, fell quickly vpon tle lee, and by reaſon of the 
litle winde, it was S long before fhe could fill her ſailes againe, that both the ſhippe ano Catuels 
were come vp to vs aud the falling in amon ; tem, made rea ſonable ſhiſt with them, but they got 
abend of ber, fo that the could not fetch vs: then 5. ol the Caruels io lowed her, but we ſawe thee de: 
fended her ſelle againſt chem all. 

en came the great hippe and the Caruell to bs, anvfougts with vs all that vap with their 

The ey floure our other comfort, being berp good by che winde, tooke the benefice thereof, 
and halde all that bap cloſe hy the wunde, but coulde not come neere vs. Do when nightagaine 
wis com, they gaue ouer theit fight and followed vs all the night, 

Jn thefe many lights it coulve not other wiſe bee, but needes ſome of dur men nut be flaine, 
(asthep were indeede) and diuers hurt, and our tackle much lyoyled: pet fo all this wee did our 
bef indeuour to repaire all things, and to ſtand to it to the death, with our aflured truſt in the mer · 
tie and helpe of God. 

Chis night the May floure tame vp to vs, and our Captaine tolde them his harmes and 
fporles, and wiſted thein if they toulde (pare halfe a dofen freth men, to hoyſe out their boate 
in lende them to him, but they coulde not {pare any, and fo bare away againe. Ahich when 
our enemies ſawe in the next mozuing that we were one from another, they tame vp to vs againe 
ind gaur vs a great fight with much hallo wing and hooping, making accompt either to boode 
vs of els to finke vs: but although our tompanie was but ſmall, yet leat they ſhoulde (ee vs any 
uit diſmapde, when they hallowed wee hallowed allo ag faſt as they, and waued to them to 


come and booꝛde vs if they durſt, but that they woulde not, ſeeing vs Mill fo couragious, and has Cbe7. 
age Lüge unde her bndeode os th Bae as her cametabs e tt are 


pode, 


one eng 
They hav made in our fhippe fome leakes with their hhotte which we againe ſtopper with all n 


that being done, we cooke fome reft after our long labour and trouble. 

The next dap in the moming the May ſloure came to va, and bought vs fire men in her boate, 
which did vs nich plealure, aud we ſent to them Come of our hurt men. 

Then te directed our courſe for our otwne 2 and by che ſetond day of June wee were June. 
deere ta our otune coaſt, ind founded being thwart the Lyzard. 

The thirde day we had ſight of a ſhippe wbich den a Portin gall, who bare with bs, and at his 
conmning to va ( the weather being calme, out Captaine tauſed him to hople fooreh bis boate 
to come aboopde to ſpeake with him, and at their conuning our Captaine and Marchants 
demaunded of them that ware they had, and 
were that their Iading was Souger anvcogcou, Then our 


2 


—— 
150 The voyages and diſcoueries Fobn Fox, 


PR RCT LA, | ———— a MM... 

N that wer had, and aſ bed them whether they would buy them, which they men 
o them 40, cheſtes of Muger, which chefics were final 
bauing not aboue 26, loaues in a picce fo they witht heit boate did fetch fue of the chetts, n 


luuered them, and went for moze, and when they had laden their boate and were come again, wee 


A Wortingal 
dg 
e 
nes 
Defended bp 
Gur men from 
Mouers, 


might fee bearing with vs, a great hippe and a mall, which our Captaine fuppofed to be mene 


warre or Rouerg , ind then walled the Portingals co carte their ſuger to their Mippe againe purpo 
fing to make out ſelues readie fo our defence, But the Portingals eatneſily intreated our 
taine not fo to ſoꝛſake them. and ed him (il he would fafegard them) co gine him aboue the 
bargaine 10. cheſts of ſuger: our e was content, andthe Portinyal not 
good of ſaile, we {pared our topſailes to her; ſo at laſt che Fopefaive ſhip bare with vs, and (fering 
that we did not feare them) gaue bs ouer. And the next moꝛning came tivo others bearing with vs 
and fecing vs not about to fie a fot from them, forfooke vs allo. 

The 5, day of June wer had fighe of the Start, and about noone wer were thwart of the bap of 
Lime, and fo founded, and had 3 5. fadom water. 

Che ſixt day wee came in at the Needles, anv fo camte to an ancre vnder the Ille of Wight ae 
place called Meadhole, and from thence failed to Southampton, where wee made an ende l 


this voyage. 


The worthie enterpriſe of Iohn Fox an Englifh- 
man in deliuering 266. ¶ Hriſtians out of the captiuitie of 


the Turkes at Alexandria, the 3 of Ianuarie 1577. 


SOS 


bis weapon. 
oy 9 man, wich his nope and turgit, bob 
enemies. Do likewile Roove bp che owner, the allen 
Burſer and cuerp man well appointed, Nowe lihrmiſe founved vp the 
dummes, trumpets and ſlutes, which would haut incouraged any man, bad bee neuer fo link 
heart oz courage in him. 


Chen taketh him to his Tohn Fox the in of bis pieces in oper ts 
the belt effect ; and fendi bis ers — 3 De 
thꝛile as fall toward the C hyiſtians. T e Nel ed saree hae te 


charge in fending forth their arrowes Callies, ¢ alſo in Doubling thet thet 
ax oon bees bere wee ile othe Ca ln ember of 


mn. . 5 


18 ss. 


. 


3 


23 


Jig 


— 
PFobn Fox, 
buy them, which 

r 


rt, — 
tch flue of che cheſta, i 
and were come againe, wet 


ip bare with vs, and (feet 
enk 


ee were thwart ofthe bay of 


mder the Ille of Wight n 
where wee made an ende el 


an Engliſh- 
he captiuitie of 


mon vopage, to traſique in 
aree halfe Moones, manned 


ee the better to ems 
from Portſmouth 1563, 


aine, intending there totre 
p prrteiued themſelues tate 
there was no way fopthem 
ake, Mhich the owner yer: 
iy to ſhewe their manboove, 
fling them alſo not to un 
ing them in minde alſo the fae 
t was not they that our hen 
it patiently, and not t) ye: 
a did, but to put chemfilues 
to ſbewe his mightie y ower 
le to ſtande in their ho met 
their Countreymen, uin 
way tonquerouii, via, n 
aliantneſſe of our co: itte · 


themfelues man full y, they 
) being all riſen tip again, 
ple, whole metiie vat ne 


bbs fmoybe and tut tt h 
ap dhe owner, the Paten 


Fobn Fox. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


———— ae aaa eae eee naa —— 

that che Chip twas very Cope lirken o byuifen vnder water. Abich the Curkes percetuing, made 
the moe halte to come aboo p the ſbipye: which ere they tould doe, many a Curke bought it 
detrelp wich che lolſe ol their lines Het was all in vaine, and boopded they were, where they fount 
ſo hot a ſuirmiſh, that it had bene better they had not medled with the feat. For the Engliſunen 
ſhewed themſelues men in deede, in working manfullp with their byowwne bils, and holbards: 
where the owner, matter, boteſwaine, and their company ſtoode to it io luſtily, that the Turkes 
wert halle difinated, But chielly the boateſwaine ſhewed himſell valiant aboue the reſt: fop he fa 
ted amongſt the Curkes like a wood Lyon : fo there was none of them that either could oz durit 
and in his face: till at the laſt there came a thot from the Turkes, which brake his whittle a fun: 
det and ſmote him on the bꝛeaſt . ſo that he fell dotone bidding them farewell, eto be of good coms 
lit incouraging them like wiſe to winne pꝛaiſe by death, rather then to liue captiue s in miſerie 
and ſhame. IAhich they hes ring, in deede intended to haue done, as it appeared by their ſkirmiſh: 
but the pꝛeale and fore of the Turkes was fo great, that they were not able long to endure, but 
were ſo ouerpꝛelſed chat they could not weild their weapons: by reafon wherof they muſt needs 
be taken, which none of them intended to haue bene, but rathet to haue died : extept onely the Ma⸗ 
ſters mate, who ſhzunke from the ſkirmiſh, like a notable coward, eſteeming neither the valure ol 
his name, noꝛ accounting of the prefent example of his fellowes, no hauing reſpett to the miſe⸗ 
tits, whereunto he South be put. But in line, ſo it was that the Turks were victors, wherol they 
had no great cauſe to reioyce, oʒ triumph. Then would it haue grieutd any hard heatt to fee theſe 
Iuſide ls fo violenclp intreating the Chiſtians, not hauing anp refpect of their manhood which 
they had taſted ol, nop pet reſpecting their owne Rate, how they might haue met duth luch a boos 
tie as might haue giuen them the ouerthꝛow: but no remozſe hereof, oz any thing els dothbꝛidle 
their lierce and tyyannous dealing, but that the Chiſtians muſt neeves to the gallies, to {true in 
newe offices: and they were no fooner in them but their garments wert pulled ouer their eares, 
anh tone from their backes, and they fer to the oares, 

Iwill make no mention of their mileries, being now vnder their enemies raging ſitipes. J 
thinke there is no man wil iudge their fare good, q; their bodies vnloden of ſtripes and not peſte⸗ 
red with too much heate and allo with too much cold: but J will goe to my purpole, which is, to 
ſhewthe ende of thoſe, being in meere miſerie, which continually doe call ou God with a ſcedlall 
hype chat he will de liuer them and with a ſure faith, that he can doe it. 

High to the citie of Alexandria, being a hauen towne, and vnder the dominion of the Curkes, 
there is a roade being made verp fenſchle with trong wals, whereinto the Turkes doe cuſtoma⸗ 
bly bung their gallies on thoare euery pere, in the winter ſeaſon, and there doe trimme them, and 
lap chem vp ag aint che ſpꝛing time. In which rvade there is a prifon, wherein the taytiues ¢ fuch 
prifoners as ſerue in the gallies, are put fo) all chat time, vntill the eas be calme and paflable fo 
the gallies euery pꝛiſoner being mot grieuoully laden with pꝛons on their legges, to their great 


paint, and fore Difabling of them to anp labour taking: Antv which prifon were thele € hrittians She ce 


put, and fa warded all the winter ſeaſon. But ere it was long, che Paſter andthe owner, b 
meanes of friends, were redeemed ꝛthe ret abiding Mill by the miſerie, while that they were all, 


though reaſon of their ill vlage and wopfe fare, milerably ſtarued:ſauing one Iohn Fox, who (as dita, 


fome men can abide harder and more miferie, then other fome can, ſo can ſome like wile make 
maze (hift and woꝛke more deuiles to helpe their Mace and liuing, then other ſome can doe) being 
ſomewhat fhilfull in the craft of a Barbour, by reafon thereof made great ſhift in belping bis fare 
not and then with a Ve meale. Inſomuch till at the lat, God fene him faudur in the light of the 
keeper of the milon, ſo chat he hav leaue to groe in and out to the roade, at his pleaſure, paying a 
certaine ſtipend vnto the keeper,and wearing a locke about his legge: which libertie likewile, 
eee 


172 The voyages and diſcoueries obn Fox, 


= hauing bene thirte 
thereol, minding bis efcape, 


companions , being all com 


Che keeper now being come vnto the boule, and percefuing nolight bearing any no 
ſtraigheway ſuſpetted the matter: and returning backe ward, John Fox hang oes 
ner ofthe houſe, tepper foorth onto him: who percetuing it to be Iohn Fox, ſapde, O Fox, hat 
baue I veferucn ol ther. that thou ſhouldeſt (eeke mp deaths Chou villaine (quoth Fox) haſt bene 
abloodfucker of many a Chhiſtians blood, and no thou (hale kuowe what thou batt deſerued at 
my handes: where with he lift vp bis bꝛigbt (ning of ten tuft, and ſtroke him ſo 
maine a blowe. as chere withall bis head claue aſunder, lo that he fell Marke dend to the ground. 
8 Vnticaro IA . 3 ſtoode with che keepers 

came pꝛeſently foorth,and fome v ir {pits ranne him and the other with their 
“er and mangled him ſo, chat no man ſhould pifcerne 


he was. 
Then marched they toward che roade, wbertinto whert wardert. 
FP gel nig eee eee 


non a 
Then entred they into the Gailers lovee, where they found fortreffe and ppifon 
NN 
a nch treaſurt. anv all in buckets, which this Peter Vnticaroaud two moze Lutedthen; 
ſelues fo full as thex told betwerne their fires md thetr Chinne : which lohn Fox would not 

once 


they 0 
ted at 
and Prt 
felucs, 
fate: 4 
am 
offfron 
here at 
taſe , he 
dria, 
roade,! 
no wa) 
toade) 
lites to 
ou the 
Dern 
the 

tt 
ting Ce 
thee! 
tiert? 
tothe 
ons, fo 
wall o 
dello 
man le 
grate, 
0 
25 
penile 
2 
= 
ft 
bitern 
— 
one 


E 


— — gt —— —— 
lobn Fox. ofthe Engliſn nation. 133 


1 » . :. 
tuch aud faide, e aged adeny te Oba ad 2 bonour of bis 

Godano not co make a mate of of che wicked treaſure of the Fnfivels, Net did theſe woꝛds linke uo⸗ 

hing uno their Romakes,chep did it fo a good intent: ſo did Saule ſaue the fatteſt Oxen, tn offer 

dato the L ond, and they to ſerue theit owne turne . But neither did Saule ſtape the math of God 

Fl aud did thirſt after, Such is Gods iu⸗ 

ftire he that they trunk in co delmuer chem trum the tytannous hands of their enemies, 

en eflaries, 


he Citic , there was a ce 
r alfo a certaine fee vate 
and a Chpifian, and has 
eſcape, but kept himſellt 
8 lohn Foxe vſing muth 


ker 
EE them · 
pies fficlent to encounter enemie, am comming ben the pin , Fox 
rent the gates td doops thereof an calles h all the ppifoners, whom be fet, fome to tam · 


of their liberti wp che gate lome to the eſling vp ol a certaine gallie, which was the bett in all the roave, 

r eb sb: capenine of Alexandita,tsbereinen ine me taried mates, ſailes, cares and other 
of this mare furniture, as doth belong vnto a gallie. ö 

at at ſeuen weekes ende At the prifon were certaine warders, whome Iohn Fox and his company ſlewe: in che killing 


pi ae there were eight mop of the Curkes, which perreiued them and got them to the toppẽ 
we vnto whome 05 Fos, ales is comes , ——— there 
tre ae, cn prvi and ſome but {care 


bertupon 
o meete all together in 
eres ende 


— to bing their pure 
deuilt. 


bad athered 
1 toute be wh 


the 
home wap to eſt 
deſired Un a — impollible to be a way fo; them. Vo was the red fea le fon the Ifrac- 
e againe. The keeper a lites to pale Mhh tb bils and tockes lay io on che one ſide, and their enemies compaſſe them 
ng. that he would noe ap outhe ocver. Bo wan it impollible that tbe wals of lericho (hould fall voten, being neither vn - 
ned, 110} pet anp wiledome, pollicie, o helpe fet oʒ 
ons, as they could get in into. Duc le. He that helde the Lyons iawes 
D 
1 ‘ cn re ee W flanting blattes from among bis 
cs 18 
x 
“ox, faye, 0 ox, that 
. 
beferued 
stuft, and ſtroke gally was ready trimmed vp, Elhereinto euery 
1 eas » peeloing themſeluen to bis mertie and 
wich the keepers 
and the other with their 
no man thoulp pifcerne 
where were fire wardert. 
any all friends, IAbich 
bis fhe Wa 
rely, and plauted a Cas e » then is re 
of che fortreffe and prifon Eur domne bp bespes 
ck “ . 
ne, Muffed chem t iat fwift pecee of worke 
ch lohn Fox mould 8 chem to les wen cing ee remy ta 


4 


The voyages and diſcoueries Jobn Fox, 


them, fome into ont gallp,and ſome into an ore, 
certaine guide, it were a thing i 


a 
butte 
was in a readinelle at this pinch, 
ben the Chyiſtians were fake out of the enemies coaſt, Iohn Fox called to them all, 
them to be thank full unto almightie God fop their ne liuerie, and moſt humbly to fall do wne vpon 
their knees, beſerchtug him to ade them onto theit friends land, and not to bing them into and 
ther baunger , liche het han mofke mightily ne liueren them from fo great a tyyaldome and bow 


dage. 

Thus when curry man had made bis petition, they fell ltraight way to their labour with the 
dares, in helping one another, when they were wearied, and with great labour ſtriuing to come 
ſome Chyilliaa land, as ucere as they could geile by the Rarres . But the windes were ſo diuert 
one while dꝛiuing them this wap, an other while that wap, ſo that they were now in a newe maf, 
thinking chat God had fopfaken them, and left them to a greater danger. And loꝛalmuch as ther 
were no victuals nowe left in the gallie. it might haue bene a cauſe to them. (if they had bene the 
Iſraelites) to haue murmured againſt their & od: but they knem how that their God, who had de 
liuered them out ol · Egypt, was ſuch alouing and ufercifull God, as that he would not ſulſt 
them to be confounved,in hene he had wrought fo great a wonder: but what calamitie ſoeut 
they ſuſtained they kne m it was but fo) their farther ttiall, and alſo (in putting them in minden 
their farther milerie) to tauſe them not to ttiumph and gloyy in chemfelues therefore, Hauing( i 
fap) no victuals in the gally it might ſet me, aue miferie continually to fal an others necke 

Extremiti: ot but to be briefe che famine grew to be fo great , that in 28. daies, wherein they were on the fea, 
famine. =~ there died eight aſtoniltunent of allthe reſt. 

Spo it fell out. chat vyon the 29. daß after they fet from Alexandria, they fell on che Ille of 
Caudie, aud landed at Gallipoli, where they were mabe much ol by the Abbot and S9onks chew, 

ger his Whacaulenchemta ap there,whiechep were well refteched and kalen. They kept tber the 
Tad fee ns Iuopde, wherr wich lohn Fox hap killen she keeper, efteenting it as a mt precious icwell, 0 
amonnment hung! vp for a monu 5 : 


* Wiebe; ng 


they arriued at Tarento, where they 


be 

in fee twenty pence a dap. From whence, 

ett a ich time ad be comaenientp cd ich was 
TAbobeing come int 15 no the Court 


in hyaootne ana bondage emed tobim cheiciberalitie,to belpe cont 
char right . irene 


Ths opie of the certificate foc lohn Fox and his compani¢, made 
by the Prior andthe brethren of Gallipl here they frSblanded. © °° 

rE the Prior : Fathers of the Coukt of the Amerciates, ofthe cicp olGallipoli, oft 
V V order ofPreachers do feet pen ja9,oflamar lal palin 77 ecm 


Jobn Fen 


— 
lv and ſome into an ach 
de, it were a thing i 

ano ep che 
be can (peake neuer a tay 
» bowwfocuer it is, he is verp 
heir God behaucd hielte, 
nig God: for the {eas were 
na fhilfuller Pylot leaneg 
ither mariners, 19 ploce mm 


called to them all, 

humbly to fall downe wpen 
not to bing them into ano 
reat a thaldome and boy 


ap totheir labour with he 
t labour ſtriuing to comet 
the windes were fo diuett 
were noh in a newe maf, 
er. And foꝛaſmuch as ther 
a (ifchep had bene the 


as that he would not fitter 
but what calamuie ſoeut 
n putting them in minvest 
lues therefore Hauing( q 
ofal an others nete 
sein they were on the fea, 


4 chep fell on the Ille of 
Abbot and S9onks cher, 


Ti) 


rſued the Cinitians,and 
urle. And the Clpiftians 
llies of the Curkes came 


fobn Fox. ofthe Kngliſh nation. 


id citie a certaine gallie ftom Alexandria, taken fromthe Turkes, with two hundreth 
22 cig he ———— was princi er lohn Fox,an Englith man,a gunner, 
and one of a chiefeſt that did accompliſh that great worke, whereby fo many Chriftians 
haue recouered their liberties.In toben and terhembrance whereof, 1 our earneſt requeſt 
tothe fame John Fox he hath left here an olde ſword, wherewith he Ile we the keeper of the 

‘fon : which {word we doe as a monument and memoriall of fo worthie a deede,hang vp in 
the chiefe place of our Couent houfe.And for becaufe all things aforefaid, are fuch as we will 
teftifie to be true. as they are orderly pafled, and haue therefore good credite,that fo much as 
isaboue expteſſed is true, and forthe more faith thereof, we the Prior, and Fathers aforefaid, 
haue ratified and ſubſcribed thefe prefents, N cen in Galkipolysthe third of Feb. 1577. 

J Pier Vincent Barba, Pyior of the fasten phase son fitine thi pretaifes, ar they are alone written, 

I Pier Albert Damaro, of Gallipoly Subprior,confirme as much, 

J Frier Anthony Celleler of Galtr, confirme'as aforefaid, 

I Hier Bartlemew of Galtpely, confirme as ab our faid, 

| Frier Franneis of Gallipoly, confirme as mach, 


The Bifhop of Rome his letters,in the behalfe of 
John Fox. 


u knowen vnto all men, to whome this writing thal come, chat the bringer hereof lohn 
Bre Englifhman,a Gunner, after he had ſeruede wee in the Turks gallies, by the ſpace of 
foureteene yeeres, at length, thorow God his helpe, taking good opportunitie, the third of la- 
nuarie laſt paſt, lew the keeper of the priſon, (Whom he firft ftroke on the face) together with 
foure and twentie other Turkes,by the aſſiſtance of his fellow prifoners: and with 266. Chri- 
ftians (of whofe libertie he was the author) launched from Alexandria, and from thence, ar- 
nued firft at Gallipoly in Candie,and afterwards at Tarento in Apulia: the written teftimony 
and etedite of which things,as‘alfo of others, ‘the fame Iohn Fox hath in publike tables from 


pon Eaſter eue, he came to Nome, and is now determined to take his iourneyto the Spa- 
niſh Court hoping there to obtaine ſome reliefe toward his liuing: wherefore the poore di- 
ſtreſſed man umb beſeecheth, and we in his behalſe, do in the bowels of Chrift,defire you, 
that taking cornpaſſion of lis former captiuitie, and preſent penurie, you doe not onely ſuffer 
him freely to paffe throughout all your cities and tones but alſo fuccour him with your cha- 
table almes,the reward whereof, you ſhall hereafter moſt affuredly receiue,which we hope 
will affoord to him, home with tender affection of pitie, wee commend vnto you. As 
the xx, of Aprill. 1577. 
Thomas Grolos Eng lifhman,Bifhop of Aſtrapben. 
Richard Sslleun Prior Anglia. 
Andreas Ludonicus,Reg iter to our Soneraigne Lord the Pope, which for the greater credite 
of the premifes bane fet my ſcale to thefe prefents, At Rome, tho day andyeere abone written. 
ſcius Clement the gonernonr and of the Engliſb Hofpitall in the citie, 


The King of Spaine his letters to the Lieutenant, for the 
placing John Fox in the office of a Gunner, r. 


1 che illuftrious Prince, Vefpafian Gonſaga Colonna, our Lieutenant and Captaine Ge- 
l nerall of our Realme of Valentia,hauing confideration, that Iohn Fox Englifhman,hath 
ferued vs, ind was one of the moſt pri cipall, which tooke away from the Turkes a certaine 
23 haue brought to Tarento, wherein were two hundred, fiftie and eight Chri- 
an captiues.We licence him to practiſe, and glue him the office of a Gunner, and haue or- 
dained,that he goe to our ſaid Realme, there to ferue in the ſaid office in the Gallies, which by 
our commanidement are lately made. And we doe commaund, that you cauſe to be paied to 
him eight duckets pay a moneth,for the time thathe fhall ferue in the faide Gallies asa Gune 
der or till we can otherwife prouide for him, the faideight duckets monethly of the pare 
* 


* 
156 The voyages and diſcoueries Edmund Hogan, 


— —ñ , ͤ aT IEE ET Ma a 
hich is already of our — — preſent and to come, and to haue regarde of thoſe which 
— bien From Efcusiall the tenth of Auguſt, 1577. 


lche King. 
Tuan del Gado, 
Aad ender thas a confirmation of the Comcel, 


Verfes written by A. M. to checurteous Readers Who was pre 
Sent at Rome when lahm Fox receined hit letters of the Pope. 


Eaning at large all fables v. Bat yet I lx that many doe wi 
L pr Stat en ap 2 eee me 2.— 
Loe bere bow the'nd (at length) tiwagh le 775 De aT bear 
unfeldeth plaine a trus and ro: oid mere more that . view, 
Te 5 1 minds whe fsb cori 1 vie dando 2 — 4 —. I dare fay: 
— edpaimes — ea sraeth John Fox dot datb bh 
A: Rome 7 late Fox sane eee, some was {lane with lum in thral, 
1 ta Imay 5 pare lately returnd into our natine land : 
ien bis 7 abe This witnes can this matter per fell al, 
ides spn beni valiantnes, wat needeth more? for witnes be may fland, 
* 1 how the Pope didrecompence hi paines, Aud that I ende,unfalding what I M; 
and letters gane to mone hn greater bu the other man moro larger proofe cas fhore, 


Honos alit artes. A. M. 


elk etel izle 


The ambaſſage of Maſter Edmund ee of the fworne 


her Maiefties perfon,from ber Fiighnes,to Mully Abdelme. 
ma of e ene we written by 
imfe 


a j ft Some to knoe 
eee onthe Thur 


gaue the King vnderſtanding ol it, who being glad thereof, ſpeeded the 
888 — — sr Hosen . to Aſaſi: ſuthat by 
— — wth Toba Bampton, Robert Waldems 
bert reer. D. sms ‘ ane 
vemained a hood t to be 
i 1 —ů——— — 
— 


being TAbitſondap, came 


* 
Edmund Hogan, 
e segarde of thoſe which 


firmation of the Comncel, 
ers, who was pre 


— are fables and vatrne; 
bat by) bis — er 

tflane with lum in thral, 

— land : 

4 for ebay Bnd 
re larger proofe center 


ne of the fworne 


yeere 1377. ritten by 


to be diſthatger fo light 
all g knetwe che Bunge 


Edmund om of the —— nation. 


— vponthe Senet, thep conbucted mee 8 b the wune to a le rde 
pponche Sta fide, where tors a tat ꝑouldev fo) me, and all the round (ypead weh Cuneo 
vet and che Calle difcharged a pealvof edinaunct, and all things neceflarie were bougbe ints 
my tent, where J both cooke my cable, and lodged, nd had other conuenient denten im my ler 
aaunts, 


Che fouldiors enuirontd the tenta and watched about vs day and nighe as long as Flapehere, 
480 bc myſpee dier diſpatch. 

On che Qedneſday towardes night, J cooke my hoyſe and trausiled ten miles to the tit place In Warbarie 
of water chat we could uve, and there pitrh d our tents till che nert moꝛning, and fo trauailed Jh cD nee. bay fogs 
edleen ol the clocke,. r 4. and (0 crausiled as lung ag day light would Raunen 
ſulſer, about 26. miles that dap. 

Ln bya Bu; Fridap, J trauailed in like oder. but eight anv twentie miles at the can fa was 
— 5 and bya River beyng about Ore miles within light of the Citie ol Motoceus wer pitched * 


“pny afer coe dot Gogh rere, and arene hoplebacke to mette 
un before nigbe there came an Alcayde from the hing with fftte men, and duters mults laden 
ith ical and banket, for my ſupper, declaring vnto me how glad the sees Sst bimielfe . 
wo hene of the Queenes maiefie, and chat his pleaſure was J 'thoul be into bis coun. ene 
trepag neuer any Chyiftian the like + and — — next day J would tbe hing to ous 
tum into bis citie, bet auſe he would that all the Chpitiand,as allo bis nobilicie,fhouln mette me, 
un twilled lohn Bampton to he eee be did. 
Adar bum of the Hocke being being accompanied th and Engliſh merchants, and a 
gun number of fouldiours, J palled towardes the Citic, and by that time J had trauatled tuo 
Iles, there met me all ide Chpittians of the Spaniardes a Horingals to rerciue me thi ate 15 
Aue was mone by che kings commaundement, then ok any good mils of theniſeiuen re ome 
often although thep pete me fate hang botune cher beads tke Doge, and efberiallp the Por 1 5 1 0 
and J countenanced them accondingly. of beatp, 
A patter on till A came within tho Engi mile of the c, and then Tohn Bampton ura Ain, 
returned, ſhewing mee that the king was ſo glad of my comming, that hee could not deuiſe dale. 
toder too much, to Cetus the good will chat hee did obe to the Queenes Maieſtie, and her 


Vis counſailers mette me without the gates, and at the entrie of the gates, bis footemen and 
eee sim Hace 

e lung fate in his chaire with his tounſaile about him, as well the Moores 2 Elchies, 
md, accopding to bis der giuen vnto mee before , N there declated my meflage in pani, 
and made deliterie of the Queenes Maieſttes letters, and all that I ſpake at that prefene in 
— ber tauſed one of his Elchies to veclare the Came to the Moores snefent in the Lar- 


be tongue, 

Ubich done, he anfwered me a in Sopanilh, veelding tothe Ducenes 9paietii 
thmkes, and offering himfelfe and tis countrey to bee at er Graces e 
—— tertayne of his Counfatlers to condure mee m lodging, not beyng ferre 

Co 

The haute was faire after the ene bing pe fei it a all kund 

of yo the ane kings charge, 


in 


mundes, more then corucrientty thee might sete ae 
of bis rountrep, the eae of Engh mah be eee Ear se i 
buran from vs. 

„1. 


Thevevagesanddifcoueries Edmund Hogan, 


— ree be gae me to en oa tbe eee ehen nur uo mn 
Spade And 2 of his wright come into his countrep, and had made great meanes tha i 
Aussie an the O bim, 


uttnes of 
tainment, albert 1 what the hing of is, and what the 
Ka. Land and her g Le — —k 
quiſition, that of hi 


—— 
Cherefore when ppon the licence tohirh J baue granted, be (hall well fee bots b 
serene te cath hres or gran, en u fo che Quernes 


of England. 
not come to my pretence as pou baue done, and (hall daily: fo I minde to accepe of 
. I chorea of mp beale, whertas be thall attend — be tay 


55 theend ofthis (peach, J delivered Mir Thomas Grefhams letters, when as bee tooke im 
by the hand, and led ine dotune a long cout. to a palace. mere there ranne a faire fountaine of us 
. ——ů—5—ð— botane tn aad, aud there call 
fo3 fuch ſumyle Muſiclans as be had. 
bse, CUT sneha bin woe greet eX wee which be moft chankefullp accepted, andchen 
MD gd Loo heare of che Spuficians, and I tolde him that there was great care bad to 
Sette woe and chat J did noe doubt, bu vpn pune by nt come op. 
icmall, and to line accopting w 


to the contrary. 

Gdn bun tobe one in rc grealp the n of God, being well erercifed in the — 
turen. as well in the olde Teſtament, as alſo in the ————— 
sg ag then to others becauſt of our religion, which foybiddeth woyſbip of idoles, and che Moot 

D 


2 — eon ging une, J coneinurd with him cll twelut ofthe clocke, and he 
Nan te- ſcemeb to haue ſa good Liking of nee he tooke from his girdle, a thoy dagger being (ee with 200, 
een and curkies, and did bete it vpon me, and fo J being coubucted, returned to m 


Che next day bay brite Serpe inch ny nt 
1 fa ts encore ree) ene I bad conference with ® 
on the Cueloap bp three —— 4 canes entcetne i 
vpon a like ben, complaining of a ine leg i pet after long conftrence bee umiked into an other Op 
chard, whertas a faire banketcing boule and a great water, and a new gullie in it, be nun 
aboopd the gallie, and coole mie with him ad paſſed the (pace of two 0} thee bowers, (he wing the 
i experience he had in —— bad exertiird humlelle eigtteene peeves 


uth. 
Giver fupper be fbn me bes bozſes and other commodities that he bad about his houſt, em 
arte, . d ee eB et 


June. ol June at lixe of che locke at bad audience with the king and J 
W eee d 


F 
Set ton ebe maieſtie and the 


‘atone 
Sih a ar with good (tcuricle enter i ro bis poxtes and dominions, ag weil in trade of merchaunbite, as fo 
sel gt afin aren in miles anv co make fales 


as occafion (houl ſerue c ela mi ty them at their 
. Cus Oi — paſle alo nig bis coat of Barberie, nd tho the 
Dereices incoche Leuane (eas chat he Cate conburetbae the fat hips and encerents 


th het gobs igh pal (renee Lum v fo to the Curkes dominions, and the king | 


as be 
fities and twanta of his countrey in trade of merchandise, ſo as he required nothing contrary tops 
SA" sonour and lata, ad che bench of league tuich the chyitian prince ber urigbtoss, 


p : £0) J minde to accereor 
duenne dagen after het bat 


ell eperciten in the Bay 
th a greater affection to om 
ip of doles and the Moores 


twelue ofthe clocke, and e 
dagger. being fee with 200. 
comucted, tetutued to Mm 


tema 
bis garden, finding bim ln 


bimfelfe eigheeene peers 


he bad about his houſt, an 
fone legge, but he hath feat 


we with the hing and J con 
8 commilion,as tell 


— 7 5 
ung of Argier his leceersin ie 


and Alcayde Mamoute, and the 24. at n 


Edmund Hogan. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


Game nigtt I prefented the king uuth che cate of rombes; awd defired hie mattſtie to baue 
fpeviall regard chat the hips might be Laden backs azame,fo) chat Tfound litle ope of Hal peter 
fa readinette in John Bamptons hands, He arſwered me chat J Mould haue all the alliance 
eherein that he could, but that in Sus het to haus ſome {ope in his louſe there. as alſo chat che 
Mountayners had mabe much in a J tequeſted that he would fend do unt, which he pro: 


— bap 3 ts ith bin againe, and ſo continued chere till nighe, and he ſhewed 
me bis boule wich pattie in ducking with water Dpaniels, and bait ing buls with his Cnglith 


tis time J mooucd him againe for the fending downe to Sus, which be graunted to doe, and 
che 24. daytherr Departed Alcayde Mammic, With Lionel] Edgerton, and Rowland Guy to Sus, 
anv caried with them fo? dur accompts and his company, the kings letters to his byotyer Muly 
Hammet, and Alc ayde Shauan, and the Uit eroy. 

Che 23 uythe king ſent me out ol Moroc coto his garden called Shersbonare, with his gard, 
J tame to the court to fee a Moꝛris dance, and a pla 
of his Elchies. He promifer me audience the next day being CTueſday, but he put it off till Chur 
bay: and the N hurſday at night J was ſent for to the king after fupper, and t hen he ſent Alcayde 
Rodwan, aid Alcayde Gowry to tonferte uithme, but after a litle tathe J deſired to be boougte 
tothe king lo) my diſpatth. And being bought to him, J preferred two bils of lohn Bamptons 
which he had in ide fo pyouiſton of Malt peter. al ſo two bils for the quiet traffique of our Engliſſ 
merchants, and bils for ſugers to be made by the Jewes, as well for the debts pal, as herreaſter, 
ind {op good onder in the Ingenios. Alfo I mooued him againe for the a:: peter. and other dilpat 
ches, which he referred to be agreed bpon by the two e But the Frivap being the 20, the 
Aleaydes could not intend it, and vpon Maturdap Alcayde Rodwan fell ficke, fo ou Sunday we 
mabe meanes to the king, and that alte rnoone J was ſent foz to conferre vpon the barg aine, with 
the Alcaydes aud others, but did not agree, ö 

dpon Tuecſday J tore a letter to the king for my difpatch, and the fame afternoone J 
uus called againe to the court, and referred all things to the king, accepting his offer ol Halt 


peter. 

Chat night againe the king had me into his gallie and che Dypaniels did hunt the ducke. 

Che Churſday I was appointed to way the 300, kintalg of pale peter, and chat after: 
noone the Tabybe came vnto me to my lodging, ſbewing me chat the king was offended with John 
Bampton fo} diuers caufes, 


be Sunday night late, being the 7. of July, I got the king to foꝛgiue all to Iohn Bampton, Jule, 


nd the hing pꝛomiſed me to fpeake againe with me vpon Mun day. 

Upon CTueſday F wrote co him againe fop my diſpatch aud then he ſent Fray Lewes to me, and 
fapdthat he bad oꝛder to wpite, 

Upon Medneſday J tote againe, and hee ſent mee wonde that vpon Thurſday J ſbould 
= bifpatchen, fo that J thould depart vpon Fridap without falle, being the twelfth 

2 a 

Mo the Friday after according to the kings oꝛder and appointment. J went to court, and where 

u motion and petition was made for the confirmation of the demands which J bad 


were all graunted, and likewiſe the pꝛiuiledges which were on che behalle of our fh mer: 
thintsrequefted, were with great fauour and readineſſe peelded vnto. And whereas the Tewes 
chere teſldent, were to our men in certaine round fummes indebted, che Emperoꝛs pleafure and 


commarndement was, that they ſhould withont further extuſe op delay, pay and diſeharge the 
fame, And thus at length I was diſmilled with great don; and ſpectall coun tenance, ſuch as hath 
hot ominarily bene ſhe wed to other Ambaſſadozs of the Clniſtians. 

And touching the priuate affaires intrrated vpon bettuixt her Maeſtie andehe Emperor, J had 
letters from him to ſatilne her highnelle therein. So to conclude, hauing receiued the like honow: 
tablecondurt from bis courte, ad I had for my repatre at mp lirſi landing, J embarked my ſelle 
nich my forefaprecempany, and arriuing not long after in England. 2 her matetties 
— and enoed my Amballage to her highnelle good liking, with of my feruice per: 


O. 2. Aletter 


160 The voyages and diſcoueries Thomas Steneng, 


A Letter written trom Goa, the principall Citie of all the Bait 
Indies, by one Thomas Stenens an Englifhman, and ſent to bis father, 
M. Thomas Steuent, An. 1579. 


Ter mon humble commendations : Cheſt tall be to cꝛaue pour daily bi 
n with lthe commendations vito my mother sud wich all. to certific pou of my ben; 
acroybing co pour will and my dutit. I wore vito pou taking mp iourney from 3, 
talit to Pontingall, which letters I chinke are come to pour handes, ſo that pref 
ming thereupon, I thinke J haue the leſſe need at this time to tell pou che caule of 
my departing, which ncucrtbeleffe in one uom A map conclude, il A doe but name, obedience, 3 
came to Lil bone toward the ende ol March, eigbt dapts befoge the departure of che ſhips, ſo lat 
that if they had not bene Raped about fone weightie matterx, tbep had bene long gone beiu our 
cummung: in lo much that thert wert others opdained to goe in cur places, that the kings pout 
ou and ours alſo migbt not be in vayne. Neuertheleſſt, our ſuvden comming tooke place, and the 
4.07 Aprill fue (inppes departed fo) Goa, wherein defines thépnren and fouldiours, there were 4 
great number of chi men which in the ſeas beate. ut bettet then men, anduo matuell, uuhen that 
many nomen allo paſſe veep well. Che ſetting forth from the porte, J neede not to tell hom fo 
lemme it is wich trumpers,and ſhooting ol oꝛdinaunc e vou map cally imagine it, couſidering the 
they got in the maner of warte. The terthof che forefapd moneth. we came to the light of Porto 
Sano pnto Madera, where an Engliſh thip ſet vpon ours, (which was then alfo alone) 


ſhe gorth but in ſuch oꝛder that it were almolt as good to Land Mill, And the greateſt part of this 
coaff not cleare. but thicke and cloudie, full of thunder and lighening. and raine fo vnwboltſune, 
that ifthe water ſtand a little while, all is full of wopmes, and falling on the mente which is han 
gedvp, it maketh it ſtraight full of mes. Along all that coat tue oftentimes ſam a thing (etn 
ming vpon the water like a coches combe (which they call a Hip of Guinea) but the coulour much 
f chcombe Mandeth vpon a thing almoſt like che winner of a Ath in coulour and bigueft, 
aud beareth vnderntath in the water, rings, which ſaueth i from turning ouer. € his thing iste 
8 aman rat cub peril, In 37 is to Sl 
vnto the Equinoctiall,we {pent no 30. da y with contrarp windes, 
Ulbeume. Ehe 30. of * pated the @quinoetall 15 per Dieting our courte 
fp thd bey cop nr 
fo often calines that che experte lt mariners wondzed at it. And in places where are alwayts woont 
to be moſt horrible tempells, 1371 talmes which was very troulleſome to thole 
4 the greatet of nd cannot got without good windes. Juſomuch that whee 
it is tempeſt almott intollerable loʒ other ſbips, and maketh chem maine all their ſailes, theſe bop 
dſallt excellai well, vuleſſe che waters be too too furious. which ſeldome happened in our mu 
mt, Dou Chall vnderſtand, that being palled the line, tpey cannot ſtraight way goe the nett 
„ but accopbing to the wind they dꝛaw alwaies as necre South as theytu 
to put inthe latitude of the point wich is 3 5. degrees and an halle, and then they tube 
courſe cowards the E alt, and fo conmpafle the point. But the wind ſerued vs fo, that at zo. de 
we did direct our courſe toward the point on no montoꝛie of Good Hope. 

Hou knot that it is hard to ſaile from E aſt to CA eſt.oꝛ contrary, betauſe there is no ſixed point 
in all the Chie, wherebp they may \virect their courte, wherefore J ſhall cell pou what helpes God jo 
uided for theſe men. There is not a ſowle that appeereth, oz ſigne in the aire, or in the fea, whic 
they haue not witten. which haue made the voyages berecofore,Cotherfore, part ly by their o un tx 
perience, pondering withal what {pace the Hip is able to make wut h ſuch a wind, x fuch direction, 


to lil our Cules wee! 
ing being m the ple 
np they tooke that t 
vy a curvall of grca 
tals der g in th 


Thomas Stenens. ol tlie Engliſh nation. 


—TTT—r —. — ̃ͤ— 
, experience ofc: ters, whole boores and nauigations they baue, they geile v bert · 
ey ba ie negrers of longitude, fo; oflatieude they be alwapes ſurt: but the grrateſt 
ann ben indudlrie of ali, is co marke the variation of the needle op cumpaſtt, which in the Meridian 
ache Find of W. Michatl. which is one of the Aſores in the latttude of . il bone is sulk q auch. The vartation 
soachence fwarnerh towards the Catt ſo much, that bet wirt the Meridian atopefaid, and the point 9 
ef Arica it carieth 3.0) 4 quarters of 3 2. And egaine in p pointot Afirike,a little beyond the pore 
wut called Cape das Agulias (in Cngliſh the needles) it retur eth agame vnto the North, aud 
chat place pant wsaructh ag aine toward the CLeft.as it did before propoptionally.As touching 
en fet l guru che netttt we came to tue people of Affithe the moe Mrange kinder of Fowlesap» Sime cf le. 
— — vr came within no leſſe then z o. leagues (almoſt an 100. miles) and na 5 peracia. 
60. Hues as me chougtt frem any I land, as good as 3 ooo. fowies of ſundʒy kindes ſolowed our 
up ame of chem fo great chat their wings being open ed from one point to the other, contained 7. 

the mariners laid. a maruclous thing to fee how God prowided, fo p in fo wide a ſeatheſe 

art all fat, nething wanteththem. The Poxingals haue yamed ché all actoꝛ ding to ſome 
nopunte wich they baut : ſome they cal Ruſht ailes, berauſe their tailes be not poportionable to 
their bodies ant long e ſmal the a ruth, ſome foꝛked tailes betauſe they be very byoad and forked, 
dune belutt flecucs ,becaufe they haue wings of the touloʒ of ueluet, boweth them as a man Lows 
uh bis elbow. Sis bird is alwaies welcome, fo he appearetch neereſt the Cape. J ſhould neuer 
ake an end if J ſhonld tell all particulars: but it ſhal ſuffiſe briefly to touch a f. m. which pet ſbalbe 
fafficient.if pou marke them to giue occafton to gloxiſie almightie God in his wonderkul works,and 
fach varierie in his creatures, Aud to (peake ſome what of liſbes in all placrs of talme, eſpetially in 
the burning Fone neers p line(ſe without we neuer ſaw any) there waited on our fhip liſbes as long 
asa mm whichthep cal Tuberones, they comme to eate ſuchthings as from the ſhip fall into the fea, gie on the 
nrteluſing men themmſclues I they lige vpon them. And if they lind any meat tied in the fea, they e“ 
takt it fopebetrs. Theſe haue waiting on them 6. oz 7. ſmal fith-s ( which neuer depart) with garden 
— — — bodies, like comely feruing men: and they go two oz three before 
bun, md fome on cucrp ſide. Moyeoutr, they haue othtr Aithes which cleaue al wayes vnto their bo 
dae, ind ſeeme to take [uch ſuperſluities as grow about the m, and they art ſaid to enter into their bo: 
dies allo to purge them if they neede, The mariners in time paſt bane eaten of them, but lince t ey 
pane ſtent them cate men heir flomacks abhoꝛre them. Neuertheleſſe, they dꝛaw thẽ vp with gi tat 
hookes.and kil of them as many as they can thunking that they baue made a grrat rruenge. Chere 
is nacher kindof ith as big almoſt as a herring, which hath wings and fliet h, and they are together 
i gun number, Theſt haue two tnemies che one in the ſea, che other in the aire, In the fea theft 
thich is called Albocore, as hig us a Salmon foloweth them with great Mwiftnes to take them. 
Chis poore Ath nat being able to ſwim faſt, for he hath no finnes, but neth with moouing of 
pistalle, huccing bis wüngs lifteth himſelle abouc the water, and ſſeth not very high: The Albo- 
core feeme that, although he haue no wings, yet giueth he a great le ape out of the water. and ſomc 
times catcheth hum o els he kerpeth himſelft onder the water going that way on as faſt as he ſlirth. 
due nen che Gith being wearie of the aire, o thinking himſelk out of danger. returneth into the wa 
ter the Alboc ore meeteth wath him : but ſomtimes his other enemie the fea Crow, catcheth him be 
int he falter, NAith chele and like fights, bunt alwayes making our ſupplications to God for good 
weather and faluation of the ſ ip. we came et length vito the point, ſo famous and frared of all mt: pore. 
but tee found there no tempe ll. only great waues where our Pilot was alittle ouerſetue:ſo wher: 
ag commonly all other vue come within ſight of land. but ſering ſigns oꝛdinaric, and finding bot 
ume, go their may ſute and laufe. he thinking himſelle to haue wind at will, ſhot ſo nigh the land, 
thatthe wind turning into the South, and the waues being exteeding great, rolled vs fo necre the 
land phat che (hip ood in leſſe then 14. fadoms of water, no mone then ſire miles from the Cape, 
which is called Las Agulia<,an» there we ſtaode as vtterly taſt away: for vnder vs were rockes of 
maine Gonz lo ſhp and cutting. chat no anker tould hold the thip, the ſhoꝛe fo euill that nothing 
couldcake land, ann the land it ſe te fo ful. of Tigers, and peoplethat are fauage, and killers of all 
rangers, that wr had no hope of life nor comfort, but onely in God and a good confeience, Not 
wulhſt anden. after we h lott ankers hotline vy the fallen foꝛ to get the (hep a coat in ſomt la r 
Mare. on when it vu e Son. & yleafeo his mercy ſuddenly, where no man looked for helpe. 
toll our faites uch u from the land and fo we eſcaped thanks be to God. And the day folow 
ing being m the act where they art alwares woont to catch fith, we alfo fell a fifhing and fo ma, 
ny they cooke chat they ſcrut z all the (ip fon chat vay and part of the next. Ind one of them pulled 
vp a currall of grcat bigucſſt and pice. Fon chere theyſ iy ( as we ſawe by cxperienct) that the cure CM a 
tals dar gen iu the m ct of ſalhes vpon the rocka in the bottome and wage hard and ted. The 
O. ui. dap 


— —5ðiſ92 —EVĩ— 


162 The voyages anddifcoueries Thomas Steuens, 


—— — ——— — — 4.5 um thal unherftann thet the Cane eefitm theret- 
dap of peru! was the 29. ol July. Aud pou hall vnde rſtand that the Cape paſſed, chere bee tin 


Certaine figns fully printed and ſtamped 


ol land. 


wapesto Ind a: one within the J ſle of S. Laurence, wpich they take willingly, berauſe they w 
freth themſe:ues at Mofambique a foxnigbt oꝛa moneth not without great need, and thente ing 
moneth more, land in Con. Che other ia without the Iſle S. Laurence, which they tune when they 
let toopel fo late, and come fo late to the poiut . chat they haue no tine to take the ſopcſayd Motam. 
bique, nd then they goe heauilp betauſe in this way they cake no port, And by rtaſon of the lung 
nauigatton, and want of food and water. they fall uito ſuudey diſeaſes, their gunnnes ware gu 
am l well. and they art laine to cut then awap,chett legs well, and all the bobp becommeth lex, 
and fo benummed,chac they cannot ſtirre hand nop ſoote, and fo they die fop weakeneffe, othetm fail 
into flares andagues, and bie cherchp, And this wap it was out c haunte to make: pet though we 
had more then one hundped and lltie ficke, there died not pall 27, which loſſe they efteemed nee 
much in relpett of other times. Though Come of ours were dilealed in this (ope, pet thankes be u 
God. J bad my health all the wap. contrary to the exxettation ol many: God ſend me my beak 
well in the land. if it may be to his honour and (cruice. Chis way is full of pꝛiuit rocks and quick 
landes, fo that fometimes we durſt not faile by night. but by the pꝛouidence of God we ſawnothung 
nop neuer found botume vntill we came to the caaſt of India. Ihen we had palled agaie the line, 
and were come to the third degrer . on ſome what mone, we fae crabs ſwumming on the unter iht 
were ted as though they had bene ſodden, but this was no ſigne ol land. Alter, about the 11, dn 
gree the {pace of many dapes, moye then ten choufand fithes by efimation followed round alem 
our (lap, wbertol wee caught fo many, that fo) filteene dapes we did cate nothing els, and they 
Ceruedourcurue very well: fop at this time we had neither meate nop almoſt any thing cts co cate, 
our nauigation growing fo long that it dꝛe we nere to ſcuen months, where as commonly chep 
got it in ur. I meane when they ſaile the inner wap, But theſe liſhes were not figne of land, but 


rather ol deepe fea, At length we cooke a couple al birdeg, which were a hund ol Pawkes, wc 


they toyed much, thinking chat they had bene of Andi, but in derde they were of Arabia, as wet 
found afterward, And we chat thought we had bene nerre India, were in the Came latieude niert 
Zocotera,an File in the mouth of the red ea, But there God ſent vs great winds from the Non 
caft or Nonthnothe at, whereupon vnwillingly they bare vp toward the Call, and thus we wen 
ten dayes without ſeting ligne of land, whereby they perceiued the ir errour: fop they bad dirt 
their courſe before, almapes Nojtheaſt, coueting to ie degrees ol latiteidt, but partly the 
bifference of the Nerdle, and moll of all che running ſeas, which at that time rau Noyth welt, han 
mawen vs to this other had not Ood ſent vs this wind. which at length waged larger. anv 
reftoped vs to our right . Thefe running ſeas be ſo perillous chat they deteiue the moll yen 
ol the gouernours, and ſome be fo litle tunous, contenting themſelues with oꝛdinarie experieure, 
that they care not tofecke out any meanes to know when they [warue, neither by the compal®, 
nop by any other triall. The lirſt ſigne of land, were certaine ſowles which they knew to bee of 
India: the ſetond, boughes of palmes e ſedges: the third. ſnakes (wimming on the water un 
lubſtante which tbey eo a coine of monp, as hond and as round as a groat, wonder 

nature, like vnto fome coine, And theſe two laſt ſignes be io certaine, 
that the next day alter. il the winde ferue, they ſee land, which we did to our great toy, when all ou 
water ( lo pou know they makeno beere in thoſe partes) and victuals began to faple vs. And ° 


Cpe ee Goa wwe camethe 24, of October, there being rereiued with palling great charitie. The people 
222 tanie, but not diſligured in their lippes and nofes,as the Moores and Cafres of Ethiopia, Q 


that be not ef reputation, o at leatt the mot part. go naked, ſauing an apꝛon ofa fpanne long and as 
much in byedeh befope chem, and a lace two fingers bꝛoad befohe them, girded about wich a ſtring 
and no mone : and thus they thinke themſelues as well as we with all our trimming Ol che fruits 
and trees that be here, J cannot now ſpeake, fop I ſhould make another letter as long as this. Fa 
hitherto J haue not ſcene tree here, whole like I haue ſerne in Europe, the vine exctptrd, which 
neuertheleſſe here is to uo purpoſe, ſo that all the wines are bwught out of Portingall, The inks 
of this countrey is good water, oz bine ol the Palme tree, oz of a fruite called Cocos. And this thal 
luſliſe forthis time. It Ood fend me my healeh, J Hall haue opportunitic to unte to pou cure & 
gaine, owe the length of my letter compelleth me to take my leaue, and thus I with your maß 
pofperoushealth, F tom Goa the tot Nouember. 1575 


Your louing Sonne 


Thomas Stevens, 


The 


— 
homas Steuens, 


LT 
pe palled, there bee tin 
Wingy, becaufe they rp 
at heed, and thente ing 
uch they take woden they 
e the ſgeſayd Motam. 
nd by ceafon of the la 


lolle they eftcemed nee 
is (ope, pet thankes be u 


After, about the 11, de 
ape A abom 
„ 
here ag co they 
thy) velar de 


an to faple vs. And u 


charitie. The people be 
fres of Etluopia. Ch 
ofa ſpanne long, and as 


to write to von cate & 
v thus J wiſb pour nog 
ing Sonne 

Thomas Steuens, 


The 


The Turks letters. ol the Engliſn nation. 163 


The letters ſent from the Imperiall Mufulmanlike highneffe 
of Zuldan Murad (han, to the ſacred regall Maieftir of Elixabeth 
Queene of England, the fifteenth of March 1 5 79, conteining the grant of the 
fuſt priuileges, 


® Agreatnelle and glorie moſt reno wmed Eltzabeth, mot facred Queene, and 

noble pyince ol the inolt mightic woꝛſbippers ol Telus, moſt wile gourrno} of the 

caufes and affaires of the people and familit of Naxureth, cloud of moſt plealant 

raine, and ſweeteſt fountaine of nobleneſle and vertue, ladie and hire of the 

perpetuall bappineſſe and of the noble Realme of England, (whom all 

0 fortes ſerke vnto aud ſubmit chemftiues) we wily moſt profperous ſucceile aud 

pappie ends to all pour actions, and doe offer vnto pou ſuch pleaſureg and curttſies as are woo 

thp of our mutuall aud eternall ſamiliatitie : thus ending (as bef beſeemeth vs) our foyer ſalu 
tations, 

qi mol friendly mance we give pou to vnderſtand, that a cerceine man bath come vnto bs ia 

the name of pour molt excellent Regall Maieſtie, commending vnto vs from vou all kindneſſe, 

tutte ſie and friendly offices on pour part, and did hummbip require chat our Imperial highnelle 


‘would bouchfafe to giue leaue and libertie to him and vnto two other merchants of pour king: » chef two 
dome to refort hither and returne againe, and that by way of traffike they miglt be ſuttert d to trade Were Su Cds 


hither wih their goods and merchandises to our Ampertall dominions, and in Like lot to make ud hade 
cher teturne. Nich. St aper. 


Our ſtately Court and Countrey hath beene euer open ſoꝛ the acctſſe both of our enemies and 
friends , But becaule we are inloꝛmed that pour moſt excellent Regall Maieſtie doth abound with 
god will, humanitie, ¢ all kinde of louing affection towards vs. ſo much the rat her ſball the fame 
dur Countrey be alwapes open to ſuch of pour fubiccts, as by way of merchandiße {hall trade h · 
ther: and we will neuer faile to ald and ſuceoz any of them that are oz ſhall be tiling to cfteemeof 
out ftiendſlup. fauo⸗ and alliſtance: but will reckon it Come part of cur durtie to gratitie them by all 
god mcanes. And fozaſmuch as our Impertall highnefle is given to vnderſtand that pour mot 
ercellent Regal Maieſtie doch excell in bountie and curtefie, we thereloꝛe haue ſent out our Impe · 
nall commandement to all our kings, udges. and trauellers by ſea, to all our Captaines and vos 
uurarie feafaring men, all condemned perfons, and officers of Poxtes and cuſtomea, ſtraightly 
chuging and commanding them, that luch fozeſatd perfons ag ſball refore hither by fea from the 
Realme ol England, either with great oz (mall veſlels to trade by wayol merchandize, may law 
fully come to our Imperiall dominions, and freely returne home againe, and that no man ſhall 
uneto maleſt op trouble them. And ifin like lot they Mall come into our Dominions by land, et 
ther on foote oz on hoꝛſebacke, no man (hall at any time withſtand op hinder them: but as our fas 


miliars and confererates, the French, Uenetians, Polonians, and the || king of Gcemanie, with f xy caneth the 
duers other our neigbbours about vs, haue libertie ta come hither, and to returne againe into their 5. but cee 
dumt countries, in like fort the merchants of pour mot excellent Regall Batethes kingdome, of Germans. 


da baue ſate conduct and leaue to repairt hitherto our Imperiall dominions, and foto teturne as 
hne ita t heit otone Country: Ureiglely charging that they be fuffered to ue and trade all kinde 
of merchandise as av: other Chuiſtiaiis do. without let > diſturbance of any. 

Theret e when the le our Imperiall letters ſball be brought to your most cxtellent Regal 
Muieſtie, it ſhall be meet. accoꝛding to our beneuulence, humanitie and femiliaritie cowards yout 
mot excelleut Maieſtie, chat pou Uketite bethinke pour felfe of pour like bencuolence, humaniuue 
and friendihippe to wardes va, to open the gate thereol vnto vs, and to nouriſh by all good meanes 


this kun dnelſe and friendthip ꝛ anv that like libertie may be granted by your higbneſſe to our (ub: The Turne do⸗ 


lets and merchants to come with their merchandi pes to pour Dominions, either by fea with their 
thips, or by land with their wagons on hoꝛſe . and to teturne home againe: and that pour moſt ex · 


cellent R q ill Maieſtie do al waves declare your humanitie, good will, and frimbihip wards us, 1 1— 


an) alinapes heepe open the dare thereof vnto va. 
Giuen at our citie of Conſtantinople the fifteenth day ol March, u in the pecre of our mot go. 
Ip prophet Mahemet | 9 3 7. 


The 


{With bs ths 
purrs 1579. 


164. Thevoyagesand difcoueries The Q. letters, 


The anfwere of ber Maieftie to the aforefaid Letters of the Great Turke, jen 
the 25 of Odober 1579, in the Prudence of London by Maitte 
Richard Stanley, 


menter, litera fupplices que Cxſareæ veſtræ celfitudini, a quodam fubdito noftro Guilielmo 
Harebrowno in 1 Celfitudinis veſtræ ciuitate Conſtantinopoli commorante offere. 
bantur, literæ profectionis pro fe & ſoc ijs ems duobus hominibus mercatoribus ſubditis no. 
ſtris cum mere bus ſuis ad terras ditioneſq́; Imperio veſtro ſubiectas tam per mare quam pet 
terras, indeq; reuerſionis veniæ poteſtatiſq́; humillimam complexz petitionem, ab inuictiſſ. 
ma veſtra Cæſarea celſitudine ac ceptæ fuerunt. Ned; id ſolùm, ſed quam mira cum facilitate, 
dignads auguſtiſſima Cæſarea clementia,quod erat in digtis literis fupplicibus pofitum, cifo. 
cijsq; fuis donatum & conceſſum fuit, pro ea, vti videtur, folm opinione, quam de nobis, & 
noſtra amicitia veſtra celfitudo concepit. Quod fingulare beneficium in dictos fubditos no. 
ſtros collatum tam grate camds beneuolé accepimus (maximas celfitudini veſtræ propterea& 
agentes, & habentes gratias) nullo ve vnquam patiemut tempore, pro facultatum noftrarum 
ratione, prog; ea quam nobis infeuitter maximus mundi monarcha Deus (per quem & cu 
ius auſpicijs regnamus) nature bonitate, qua remotiffimas nos effe voluit, & abhorrentes ib 
ingratitudinis omni vel minima fulpitione, docuitd; nullorum vnquam vt ptinc ipum, vllis in 
nos meritis nos ſineremus vinci, aut ſuperari, vt apud ingratam principem tantum beneficium 
depoſuiſſe, fe veſtra Celſitudo exiſtimet. Proptereag; animum noſtrum in 1 ve · 
{tra celſitudini emetimur, bené ſentiendo & prædicando, quantopere nos oblſirictas benefit 
huius in fubditos noſtros collati putemus memoria fenpiterna : longè vberiorem, & aimplio- 
tem gratitudinis erga veftram celfitudinem noſtræ teſtificationem daturz, cum tempota ine 
dent vt poſſunus, & à nobis deſiderabitur. Quoniam autem qua noftris paucis ſubditis, cag; 
ſuis ipforum precibus, fine vila interceſſione noſtra conceſſa donatio eft, in æquè libera pote. 
ſtate ſita eft ad omnes terras ditioneſqͥ; Imperioveftro fubicétas, cum mercibus fuis tam 
mare quam per tertas, eundi & redeundi,atq; inuictiffimae Cæſareæ veſtræ celſitudinis conte. 
deratis, Gallis Polonis, Venetis, atq́; adeo regis Romanorum ſubditis largita vnquam aut do. 
nata fuit, celſitudinem veſtram rogamus ne tam fingularis beneficentiæ laus in tam anguflis 
terminis duorum aut trium hominum concludatur, fed ad vniuerfos ſubditos noftros diffufs, 
propagataque,celfitudinis veſtræ beneficium eò reddat auguſtius, quò eiuſdem donatio latids 
patebit. & ad plures pertinebit. Cuius tam ſingularis in nos beneficij meritum, ed erst celfitue 
dini veſtræ minds pœnitendum, quò ſunt merces illæ, quibus regna noftra abundant, & ali. 
rum principũ ditiones egent, tam humanis vſibus commodæ tamq; neceſſarig nulla gens vtſt, 
que eis carere queat,proptereaq; longiflimis, difficillimiſqͥ, itineribus conquifitis non vehe · 
menter {ames Carius autem diſtrahunt alijs,quo ex labore ſuo * victũ & quæſtũ qua- 
ritat, adeo vt in earũ ac quiſitione vtilitas, in emptione autem ab alijs onus fit. Vtilitas celſ 
tudinis veſtræ ſubditis augebitur libetà hac paucorum noſtiotum hominum ad terras veſim 
profectione : onus minuetur, profectionis quoiumeunq́; ſubditorum noſtrorum donatione, 
Accedet pracerea que à nobis in celſitudinis veſtræ fubditos proricifcetur,par, æquaq́; merci- 
um exercendarum libertas,quoties & quando voluerint, ad regna dominiaq; noftra mercatu- 
rz gratia accedete. Quam celſitudini veſttæ pollicemur, tam amplam lateq́; patentem fore, 
quam eft vila à confiederatorum veſtrorum vilis principibus antedictis tegibus videlicet,Ro- 
manorum, Gallorum, Pollonorum, ac tepublica Veneta, celfitudinis ve fubdiris vllo vn- 
quam tempore conceſſa & donata. Qua in re fi honeſtæ petitioni noſtræ inuictiſſima Cæſi-· 
rea veſtra celfitudo dignahitut aufcultare, facietq́; vt acceptis noſtris literis intelligamus gra- 
tum ne habitura fit quod ab ea contendimus & rogamus, ea propoſita præſtitaq́; ſecutitate, 
qua fubditos noftros quoſcunq́; ad dominia ſua, terta, marĩq́; proficiſcentes, indéq; tcuertẽtes 
tutos & ſecutos teddat ab omni quorumcunque ſubditorum ſuorum iniutia, efliciemus vt que 
Deus 


N 


The Queenes le 


Deus opt, max. in rege 
um vt principum ans 

Man coosrahendamt 
uibus carere nequeun 
allluenter tamq; cum 
ſuccurtatur. Facit præt 
ma beneuolentiæ ſigniff 
ui captiui triremi 
— — veſtram 
tum fe gerendo in 
te donati, nobis pr 

{tre Celſitudinis in nos 
omnes eft acerrimus id 
fos Deos Zelotes, prac 
titate eorum donorum f 
Data ¢ Regia noſtra ( 
fis Octobris, Anno leſu 


Lisabeth by the g 
1 ee n 
tian faith againt a 
—— the name of Ct 
Chan, the mol migbtie 
Honarch ofthe Calt C 
dehdthinge. 
zue f. 
mitten to 
by we vnderſtand how g 
donne a ſubiect of ours 
ieftie fon the obteining ol 
illo to came with merch 
gouernement, and fromt 
of pour molt innincible J 
and wonthie your Amper 
tompmie in regard onel 
dur amitie: which ſingu 
good part (peelding fo t 
occafion to pour ſaid higt 
tu thinke fo great a pleaſi 
ind by whoſe grate wer 
the leatt ſulpit ion ol ingr 
the good demerits ol othe 
pout highnes,bp well co 
in an euerlaſting remem 
more large and plentiful 
the fame ſhall be looked 
But whereas that gr 
without any inte rceſſion 
all the lands aud kin go 
tutt was granted to an 
Polomans, the Ueneti 
highneſle that the comn 
two op three men onely, | 
nelle goodneſſe may app 
number of perſons. Th 
Le repent pou ol, by hy 


The Queenes letters. of the Engliſn nation. 165 


Deus opt, max. in re gua dominiag; noſtra contulit coumoda( quæ tam ſingularia ſunt, omni- 
um vt principum an mos pelliceant ad amicitiam, ſununęq́; nec eſſuudinis coniunctionem vo- 
bifcum contrahendam, ftabiliendamque quo liberius tantis ſummi Dei beneficiys fruantur, 
uibus carere nequeunt) noftri ſubditi ad regna dominiaque Celſuudinis veltrz aduehant ta 
aifluenter tamq́; cumulate, ve vtriq; incommodo prædicto neceſſitatis & oneris leniffime 
ſuccuratur. Facit prætereà fingularis ifta Celfitudinis veltrg in nos Gentémque nottram ſum- 
mz beneuolentiæ fignificatioac fides, vt eandem in cauſam quorundam ſubditorum noſtro- 
rum, qui captiui triremibus veſtris detinentut, interpellemus, rogemuſque, vt quoniam nullo 
in alem veſtram peccato ſuo, ſiuè arma in eam ferendo, ſiuè iniquiũs prætet fas & ius 
nium fe gerendo in ſuos fubditos , in hane calamitatem inciderint, ſoluti vinculis, & li- 
tedonati, nobis pro ſua fide & obſequio inferuientes, cauſam vberiorem præbeant ve- 
fire Celſuudinis in nos humanitatem prædicandi: & Deum illum, qui ſolus, & fupra omnia & 
* omnes eft acerrimus idololatriæ vindicator, ſuique honoris contra Gentium & aliorum fal- 
quàmq; de. ſos Deos Zelotes, præcabimur, vt veſtram inuictiſſimam Cæſaream Celſitudinem, omni bea- 
5 Guilielmo titate eotum donorum fortunet, qua ſola & ſummè iure mento habentur de ſideratiſſuna. 
ante offere. Data ¢Regia noſtra Grenouici, prope ciuitatem noſtram Londinum, quintodecimo Men- 
fabdi ae fis Oftobris, Anno Iefu Chrifti Saluatoris noſtri 1 5 79, Regni verò nollti viceſimo primo, 
re quam pet 


ab inuictiſ ° i 
ni g The fancin Engi 
ftum, cifo. Lisabeth by the grace of the mot mightic God, ad onely Creatourof heauen and earth, of 
de nobis. K England, Frante and Ireland Queene, the mot inuincibleand mol migbtie defender of the 
ubditos no. Chyitian faith againtt all kinde of idolatrieg, of all chat liue among the Chuttians, and falfclie 
propterea & the name of Cont, vnto che moſt Inperiall and moſt inuincible prince, Juldan Murad 


n noftrarum Chan, the mo migbtie ruler of the kingdome of Turkie, fole and aboue all, and moſt ſouere igne 
en 3 r manp havpp and fortunate peeres, with abundance ol 
um, vllis n ee repeal and mof inuincible » Wwe haue rereiuedthe letters of pour mig btie 
beneficium biahnette brüten tu vs from Consancinople che fifteenth ay of Barcbebis prefent pere, were 
rtiarumn, ve· by toe vnderſtand how grattoully ato how fauqablythe humble petitions of one CLiiliam Ware: 


as benefci towne a ſubiett of ours. re ſident in the Imperial titie of pour highneſſe meſented vnto pour Ma · 
„& anplio. ieftie forehe obteining of arceſſe for him and twaother merchants mope of his company our fubieces 
mporaind J alfoto come with merchandi zes both bp {ca ¢ land to the countries and territopies ſubiett to pour 
ubditis, ez gouernement, and from thence againe co returne home wit h good leaue and libertie, were artepted 
libera pores TB cel your mol innincible Zmperiall higbhneſſe, and not that onclie, but with an extraozdmatie ſperd 
ee and wonthie vour Imperial grace, chat which was craued by petition was granted to dim, and his 
inis confeæ · comp mie in regard onely (as it feemeth) of that opinion which pour highnelt conce ue d of vs and 
uam aut do- dur amitie : which ſingular benefit done to our alox fain fubiects, we take fo chankefully, and in fo 
am angufn TR good part (peeling for the fame our greateſt thumes to pour highneM) that we will neuer giue 
ros diff, dttaſion to pour ſaid highnelſt ( accozding as time, d the relpett of our affapres will permit) once 
patio la vthunke fo great a pleaſure beſtowed vyon an vngratefull prince . Fox the alnugtey God, by whö. 
eri celfitu and by whoſe grace we reigne. hach planted in vs this goodneſſe of nature. that we deteſt ¢ abbour 
int, & alin. the leattfulpition ofingvacicude, ¢ hath taught vs not to ufer our ſelues to be outrmatthed with 
gens vefit, the good demerits of other princes, And therefore at this time we do extend our good minde vnto 
snon vehe · wur highnes,bp well cunceiuing, and publithing alfo alnoad. how much we repute our felfe bound 
urſtũ quz- in an euerlaſting remembpance fo this good pleaſure to our ſubiects, meaning to ver lu a much 
tilitas celf⸗ mme large and plentifull cettification of our thanke fuluelle, when time conuentent (hall falt out, aud 
rrasveftrs tte lame fhall be looked fo) at our hands. 
donatione. But whereas that grant which was giuen to a few of our ſubiects, and at their onelie requeft 
uaq; merce HE muithout any inte rteſlion of ours, ſtandeth in as free a libertie of connning and going to and from 
a metcatu - Althe lands aud kingdomes lubiect to pour maitſtie, both bp lam and fea with merchandizes, ag 
ntem fo, ¶ euer was granted to any of pour imperiall highnelle confeverates, as namelie tu the French, the 
ſelicet, o- Poloniaus. the Venetians, as alſo to the ſubiectes of che king of the Romans, we defire of pour 
irie von- —highnelle that the commendation ol ſuch Cingular cutteſie may not be fo narra mie reſtrained to 
imaCeft- By tuaothꝛee men onely, but m iy be inlarged to all our fubiects in general, that thereby pour high 
gamus gra- nelle goodneſſe may appeare the moge notable, by reaſon of the granting of the fame to a greater 
ſecuritate, muniber of perſans. The beſto wing of which fo ſiugular a beneſt pour highnetle Mall & much the 
rcuertẽte: ¶ lee repent pou ol, by ham much the mone lit x neceflarie fe the vſe of man thole commoditics are, 
mus,veque where with 
Deu 


166 The voyages and diſcoueries Turkie prinileges 


— — 


che ſign great affection to vs aud our ration, 
doch tault vs al ſo to intre at and uſe mediation on the bebalfe of cerecine of our ſubietts, tho art de: 
teined as flaues and captiues in pour gallies, for whore we ctaue, that forafinuch as they are fal 
len into that miſerie, not by any offence ol theirs, by bearing of armes againſt your highneſſe ma 
behauing ol themſelues contrary to honeſtie. and to the law of nations, they map be deliuered from 
their bondage, and reſtozed to libertie, o their ſeruice towards vs, according to Chit ductie: whid 
thing (hall pelo much moze abundant cauſe to vs ol conunending pour clemencie. and of befer bing 
that God ( who onelp is aboue all all men, and is a moſt ſtuere reuenger of all idolaut, 
and is ielous ol bis bono) the kalle gods of the nations) to adome your moſt inuinc ilit im 
petiall 6 with all che bleſſings of thofe gifts, which onely o deſtruedly ate actounttd ol 
wonhie of aſking. 


Giuen at our palace of Orernwich, neere to our citie of London, the fie and twentith vapol 
October in the peere of Jeſus Chili our Maui; 1579, and of our trigue the one andewentith. 


The charter of the priuileges granted to the 5 and 


league of the Great Turke with the Queenes Maie/tie in reſpect 
of traffike,datedinIune 1580, 


Mmenfa & maxima ex poteſtate potentiſſimi, tetribilibũſque verbis & nun · 
quam finienda, innumerabiliue clementia & ineffabili auxilio ſanctiſſimi łæ 
pura mente colendiffimi tremendiffimique vniuerfitatum creatoris, ptinc eps 
temporum ptæſentium, vynicus moderna ætatis monarcha, totius orbis ten · 
rum potentibus {ceptra diuidere potens, clementiæ, gratixg; diuinæ vinbra, 
0 regnorum,prouinciarumue & vrbium ciuitatumue diſtributor permultarum: 
Nos facratiffimus Catar Mur ulmanicus, Mec chæ, jd eſt domus diving ,Medina,vloriofifhime 


& beatiſſunæ leruſalem, Aegypti fertiliffima, Iemen & Zouan, Eden & Canan, Sami 8 


& Hebes, Iabꝛa & Pazra,Zeruzub & Halepiz, Caramariæ & Diabekiruae & Dulkadit ix, ha- 
dyloniæ, & totius triplicis Arabiz,Buzorum & Georgianorum, Cypri diuitis,& regnorum f- 
fia, Ozakior, Camporum Maris albi & nigti, Græciæ & Mefopotamiz, Affrica & Coletta, - 
getis & Tripolis occidentalis, felectiffimaué Europe Bude,& Temefnar,& tegnotum trantab 
pinorum & his fimilium permultorum princeps Cx ſaruc faccrrimus, porentiffimus Murad 
Chan, filius principis Zeiim Chan, qui fut Zoleiman Chan qui fuit Zelim Chan, qui fuit Paie- 
id Chan, qui fuit Mehemed Chan, &c. 

Nos princeps poteneiffimus Murad Chan, hoc in ſignum noftre Cxſareæ amicitiæ fignifi- 
camus & manifeltamus, quod in temporibus modernis Regina Anglia, Franciæ, & Hibemiz 
Elir abetha in Chriftianitate honoratiſſuna Regina (c uius mercatorum exitus fit * 

a 


Ana 


22 


Trees 


urkie prinileges, 


— dull and ag 
Aich lidertie we pom 
or geanteD to your be 
of France, of 
uincille i 


1 imperial 
mder Lyon chefe out lercery, 
ther it wilbe granted, wis 
all violences and dau 
ties which alemigttie Gop 
pp rcafon of them all princes 
dod with vs, by chat mant 
no cafe want) our fubiers 
bininions of pour li 0 
ffictently be taken awap, 
ction to vs aud our Nation, 
of our ſubietts, who are de, 
ſoꝛaſmuch as thep are ta, 
gaint pour higbneſſe nn 
they may be deltue red from 


the liue and twentith dey 
me the one andetwentith. 


Englifh, and 
ie in reſpect 


ibilibufque verbis & nun- 
bili auxilio ſanctiſſimi æ 
itatum creatoris,princeps 
narc ha, totius orbis terra- 
e gratiæq; diuinæ vmbti, 
diftributor permultarum: 
, Medinæ, glorioſiſſuma 
& Canan, Sami paciſerr 
kiruae & Dutkadiria, Be 
ri diu, & tegnorum A. 
*, Affrice & Goletæ, N. 
ſnat, & regnorunm tranſaſ 
us, potentiffimus Murad 
elim Chan, qui fuit Paie- 


rxſareæ amicitiæ fignifi- 
, Franciæ, & Hiberiz 
m exitus fit feeliciffimus) 

ad 


Terkie prinileges. otthe bengliſn nation. 


mereand 
new 


167 


t, & ob quoq; 
gratia venire & redire pofcerét, venia & poteitas fuiſſet data:& qu dd in locis & hof- 


mare & terri nemo auderct impedire & illis 
& quod hanc noſtrã i 


mus,vaiuerfis ſuls ſubditis c 0 
peuclemmli & obedientit, ſeruitiue fua demdftrantibus erga noſtrã porta ec elſam regibus & 


cipibus confcederatis (vt ſunt rex Gallorũ, Veneti,& rex Polonorũ & cateri) pact & fur- 
datt eptgims ie eri cl Prefa Regina nici eultodiendi,pacé —— — 


igitur homines, & vniuerſi mercatores, fine aliquo mento eũ ſuis merci : 

bus & oneribus cunctis ad noſtras ditiones Cæſateas pacifice & fecurd venlant. & ſuã exercer 
ant mercatura,maneant in ſuis ſtatibus, & ſecũdũ ſuos mores negosientur.Et adhęe, ua maics 
fas —— ex honunibus ſuis aliquos iamdudũ captos fuiſſe, & in eaptuitate detineti, & 
quod hi dimmterentus pete bat, bt quod ficut ali principibus nabited confoederatis priuilegia 
& mandeca Cafarea ſuper fordus ſanctiſſimũ dediffemus,fic — quoq; Reging ptiuilegiũ 
&mandata Catarea vt daremus , noſtrę Celageg celeitudini placeret. Quare ſecundum noſtram 
deneuolentiam & gratiam innatam, optata {uz maieſtatis apud nos grata fuereikt loc noſtiũ 
iuilegium iuftitiys plenum dedimus maieſtati ſux: Et Beglerbegis,Zanziacbegis famulis no. 
— Kazijs,id eit ſudic ibus, g omnibus tesoniatoribus omniui locorum,portud, & vadora 
firmiter mandamus, vt donec ex parte præfatæ regina ſcedus, & pax,& eorũ conditiones aril 
cul cl vt eonuenit) cuftodiuncur & ſeruũtur, nolirꝝ quog; Cæſatet celſuudinis mandata ſunt: 


1 Ve prafate Reginę honunes, & fulodici eius qubuſuis rebus & mere ibus/oneribus & ſup- Ami h 
tertam autem homines cum oneribus réwleg: 


pellectitibus per mare in magnis & aauibus, 
& pecoribus, Secure & pacihce ad noftras ditiones fareas veniant, & netho illis noce at, fed 
ſecurè & fine aliquo 1 i i & in furs ſtatibus & conditionibus permaneant. 

2 ltem. homines & mercatores in ſuis rectis vijs & uetgociationibus aliquo modo 
caperentur,fne aliqua terguerſatione dimittantur libenau que. 

3 Item, finawes eorum ad ali 1s dc loca venire voluetint, pacifice omi in tempo 
te e ſine in veniant. & diſcedant in ſua loca, N 

4 liem, ſi in tempeſlatibus maris naues eorum eſſent in periculo & auxilioopus effet illis, 
naues noſttæ Cæſareæ celfitudinis, eanimque homines, & aliorum naues homuné{que ſtatim 
unilium ge opem ferane Ulis manddaͤ in. % 1 (emant. 

s ltem i edulia fuis pecunijs emere voluerint; nemo reſiſtat ile ed ſine impedimento edulia 
6 lic. ſ lnfortuniũ maris naues corti in terrã profec erit, egi @ hidiees, & c᷑ten noſtri ſubditi 
fine auxilio illi merces & res cord que temanſerint iterũ reddieur illi & nemo impediat illos. 

7 leem, ſi præſatæ te ginæ homines, cotũ interpretes, & mercatores,fiue per terram, ſiue pet 
mare mercandi gratia — ditiones venire velint, legitimo telonio, & vectigall teddito, 
pacificè vagentur, capitanci & reges maris & naui un. & aliud 2 hominum per mare yae 
gantium in perfonis,& rebus eorum, pecoribuſque e noceane illis. 

8 Item, ſi aliquis ex Anglis debitor, aut ere alieno oſſet obittictus, inuenetique non poſſit, 
ratione debitorum alterius nullius nifi effet fideiuflor, capiatur aut impediatur. 

9 liem. ſi Anglusteftamécum fecerit, & ſua bona cuicund; legauerit, illi dentur bona illius, 
& à ſine teſtamento moretetur. conſul eotum cuicung; ſociorum mortui hominis dixerit de- 
bere dari alli dentur bana mortui heminis, 

10 hem, ſi Angli, & ad Angliam pertinent ium locotũ mercatotes & interpretes, in venden- 
dis& emendis mercibus ſideiuſſionibus & rebus aliquid negocij habuetint, ad iudicé veniant, 
& in librum iuſcribi faciant megormam, & fivoluerint, literas quoc; ac cepiant a iudice, prope 
terea quod fi aliquid inciderit, videunt librum & literua, & ſecundùm tenotẽ cord perficiantur 
ae fulpecta : ſi — libri infcnberentur, neq; literas haberent, iudex falfa 
teftimonia non admittat, fed fecundum iuftitiam legem adminiftrans non ſinat illos impediri. 

tt ikem, fi aliquis dicenet quod iſti Chriſtiani noſtræ fidei Muzulmanice maledixerint, & 
cam vieuperijs affecerint,in her negotioeriam & alijs, reftes falſi minime admittantur. 
12 Item,f aliquis corum al quod factnus patraret. & fugiens non poſſit inuenirinullus niſi 
efletfideiuffor pro alterius facto retineatur. 
13 Item, fi aliquod mancipium Anglicum inueniretur, & conſul cord peteret illud,exami- 
netur diligenter manciptum, & ij inuencum fuerit Anglicum,accipiatur,& reddaser Angee 
14 Item 


1108 The voyages and diſcoueries q urkie priutleger 


14 lem, fi aliquis ex Anghis huc venerit habitandi aut merc andi gratia,{iue fit vxorat 
fe fie foluat cenfum. 201 


15 liem, ſtin Alexandria,in Damaſco, in Samia, in Tunis, in Tripoli occidentali,in 
— alije 9 voluerint facere Conſules, faciant : Etiteti i 
— eos mutare, & in loca ptiorũ confulum auos locate, liberè fac iant, & nemo illis refifte, 
1s Item, ſi Morum interpres in arduis negotijs occupatus abeſſet, donec venitet inte, 


ee at —— df ful 
— 1 i inter fe i vellent ad ſuos conſules ire, nemo 
ſtat fuse ä ſuos vt ſecundum mores eorum finiatur lis orta. — 
s Item, fipoft tempus aut datum huius priuile g ij, piratæ aut ali aliqui liberi gubermaom ven onelp to a fewe of 
nauium per mare vagantes, aliquem ex Anglis ceperint, & trans mare vel eis mare v ˖ with tbe mol excel 
ſecundum iuſtitiam examimetur: & fi Anglus inuentus fuerit, & religionein Mu ulmanteam ij lenucts towards o 
aſſumpſerit, libere dimittatu: fi autem adhuc effet Chriſtianus, Angſis reddacur, & emptores i 
ſuam pecuniam ab illo a ae emerant, 
19 Item, ſi noliræ lſuudinis naues armate exiuerint ad mare, & ibi inuenerin 
mues Anglicas merces portantes nemo impediat illas, imo ainicè tracdentur, & nullum dam. 
num faciant illis : Quemadmodum Gallis, Venetis, & cæteris nobiſcum confaderatis regi 
6 principibus priuilegium, & articulos priuilegijs dedimus, & conceffimus, ſimili modo his 
udque 9 — & aruculos ptiuilegijs dedimus & conceſſimus, & contra legem 
uin am, xt hoc priuilegium, nemo vnquam aliquid audeat facere. 
1 10 Item. ſi naues magna, & paruæ in itinere & loco vbi ſtant detinebuntur, nemoillos u 
deat impedire,fed potiùs auxilio ſint illis. 
21 Item, ſi latrones & fures vi raperent naues illorum, nauimque merces, magna dl. 
gentia quærantur latrones & ſures, & ſeueriſſimè puniantur. 

22 Ad extremum, Beglerbegij, & Zanziarbegi, Capitanei noſtri, Mancipia, & per mare 
nauigantes ſerui Capitaneorum,& ludices, & Teloniatores, & Gubernatores nauium Rei d. 
ci, & liberi Rem omnes ifti prætati, ſecundum tenorem huius priuilegij, cenorémue articulos 
tum eius, omnia facere teneantur, dt debeant. Et do t hoc in priuilegio defcriptum fordus,& 
pax illius Maieſtatis ex parte ſanctè ſeruabitur, & cuſtodietur, ex parte etiam noſtra Cafares 
cuſtodiri, & obſeruati mandamus. ö 

Datum Conſtantinopoli, anno noſtti propheta Sanétiffimi 988, in principio menſis lunij 
anno autem leſu 1580. 


Turkie priuile 


cudderdomt (to Wot 
Coin Fad 
ee, wich stng 


ary" + 


The interpretation of the letters, or Pr Che of the moft mightie 
| 4 


ders 
2 Item, if the afore! 


and Mufubnanlike Emperour Zuldan Murad (han, granted at the request anb dealings by anp 
of Elizabeth by the grace of the moſt mightie God, and only Creator of heauen & carth, cmillation, — 
of E France and ircland Queene, conſu ming a peace and league betwixt both the ſaid prunces and Seem, if their Hip 
their fubiedts, | to doe in peace, and 
c mol ſocted Hululmanicke Emperoy, by the infinite ¢ txtteding great po 4 * u. 
er, by the tuerluſtimg and woonderfull clemencie, and by tie vnſpeakkable beipe aes 1 
ol the mol mighty and mott holy God, crrato of all tbings, tau be woiſbipped and ithe mt 5 
ſeared with all purenelſſe of minde, and reuerence of ſpeech. The prince ol then 1 4155 al b 
prefenceimes, the onelp Monarch of this age, able to gine {cepters to the pott 9 tem rb on 
tates of che tubole woꝛld, the ſhado tw of the diuine mercy and grace, the diltribo / Beers hess — | 
ter of many kingdoms, prouinces, totoncs ¢ cating, Hint, and moft ſacred  mperour of Mech, Aa as ali bee 
that is to fay of Bods houle,of Medtna, of the imott glorious and bleſſed Jeruſalem of the mott fers — 0 
tile Egypt. Jemen, and Jouan. Eden ¢ Chanaan, of Vamos che peaceable, and of Vebes ol Jab tem ifthe 
Shand r, of serugad and Dalepia,of Caramaria and Diabchiruan,of Dulkadivia, of Babpe dub, 1 
ion, and of all the chee Arabias, of the Euxians ¢ Geoygians of C ppyus the rich, and al the ling the» Gall baue ee 
dome of Ala at Dzakion, ofthe tracts of che CAbite and Blacke (ea, of Grecia and Meſopotamia y heer 
of Attica x Pelera, of Algeria, andof Cripolis in che leit, of the mot choile and princrpall Ew tet chem, | 
rope, of Buda and Cemefnar, and of the kingdoms beyond the Alps, and many others (uch like, 9 Ltem if 
molt micryete Murad Chan, the ſonnt of the Emperor zelim Chan, which was the fonne of Sole we gh nr 
man Chan, which was che fame of Selim: Chan, which was the fonne of Paitzid Chan, which 22 —4 
want he fone of Pehemed Chan, gt. — oo 
Cle mot nughtie prince Murad Chan in token of our intperiall friendſbip. do fignifie ¢ veclarr, bee — anp en 
that node of late Elizabeth Qutent of England, F rancese Ireland the mod honopable Queene of gine his 


Chuſten deut 


pri utleges, 
— 


ie vrotatin fine 


tali, in 

Et 22 
mo illis reſiſa 
> veniret inte, 


$ ire,nemo ref, 
lis orta. 

ri gubem 
hare Venderin, 
Auzulmanican 
ur, & eimptotet 
t ibi inuenerin 
c nullum dam. 
leratis regi 
imili modo his 
contra legem 
nemoillos ay. 
by magna dil, 
la, & per mare 
1uium Reiz d. 
mue articulo. 
tum fordus,& 
oſtra Cafares 


o menſũ lunij 


ſt mightie 


the requep 
auen & carth, 
ſaid princes and 


one of Jol 
Than, which 


ilie ¢ Declare, 
e Queene of 
hultendeme 


Turkieprinileges. of the Engliſh nation. 169 


chilendome (to whofe marchants wee bath bappit ſuct elle) ſent ber letters by ber watthy ſer 
unt William —— unto our ſtately and inoſt ma ent Nonche repleniſbed with iu · 
Gice, whichis a refuge and Manctuane toall the princes of che wojle, by which leuers her a · 
ire Agmificd,, chat whereas erctofope certaine of het fubiccts had repaired to ous ſalde lately 
orb, and had thewen cher obedience fame, and fo) that cauſe pad defired that leaue and 
Lbcrne might allo be grauuted vnto them, to come and goe fo) trafiques lol too and from our 
pomiutons,and that out Imperial commauudement might be giuen. that no man Could prefiune 
to hurt op binder them an any of their abodes op paſſages bp ſea op land, and whereas the re queſieb 
chu we would graut to all her ſubiects in general, this out lauour, which beloꝛe wer bad exten · 
ded ont ly to a fe we of her people :cherefore as ce haue entred into amitit, and mot holy league 
path che mol excellent king s and princes our confederate, bering their deuotion, and obedieuce 
ij lenuces cowards our Ratelp Moch (as namely the French king, the Vene tians the hing of Po- 
lonia n others) ſo alfo we haue contracted an inuiolable amitie, peace and league wich che afore» 
{aid Queene. fore we giue licence to all her people, and marchanes, peaceably and ſalely 
to tomt vnto our Imperial dominions, with all their marchandiſe and goods without any im 
peachnent to errtiſe their trafique, to vſe their otwne cuomes, and to bup and fell accomuig eo 
the fafbions of their otene og 5 

And furcher her Maieſtie fignified vnto va, that certaine of her people had heretofore bene ta» 
ken puloners, and were detained in captiuitic, and required that they might bee ſet at liberue, 
in chat as we had graunted vnto other es our confederats,priuilenges,and Imperiall dee 
creed, concerning our moſt inuiolable league with chem, fo it woulde pleaſe our Imperiall 
Malle to graut and confirme the like priuileoges, and princely decttes tothe alogeſapde 
Queene 


CHiherefore accoꝛding to our humanitit and gracious ingraffen diſpoſition, the requetts of ber 
Puictic were accepted of va, and wee baue graunted vnto her Maieſtie this priutleoge of ours 
agteeable to reaſon 2 equitie. Aud we ſtraigbtip cõmaunde all our Beglerbegs, and Zanziacbegs 
our {eruanté, and our Rey. that is to ſap, out Judges, and all our cuſtomers in all places, ba 
uens and paſſages, that as long as this league and amitie with the conditions, and articles theres 
of, ire kept and obferued ou the behalle of the afopefain Queenc, 1 1 commande 
ment and plealure is, that the people and ſubiectt s of the fame Queene, may fafelp and ſeturely 
come tu our princely dominions, wich their goods and marchandiſe, and lading s, and other come 
mobities bp ſca, in great and finall veſſels, and by land with their carriages and catte ls, and that 
noman hall hurt them, but they may bup and (cll without any hinderance, and obſerue the cue 
Somes and opders of their owne countrey. 

2 Item, il the aſoꝛe laid prople and marchants ſhalbe at any time in the courfe of their iourncis, 

and dealings by any meanes taken, they ſhall bee deliuere and inlarged, without anp ixcuſe oz 

cauillation, 

} Tem il their hips purpoſe to ariue in any of out pores and hauens it ſbalbe latofull ſoz chem 
to doe in peace, and from theuce againe to Depart, without any let o; impediment, 

Tem i it Hall happen that any of their ſhips in tempeſtuous weather (hall bee in danger ol 

lalt and perifhing and thertupan ſhall ſtand in necde of our helpe, we wil, and commaund that out 

men and ſhips be readie to help and ſuctour them. a 

Item, ifthey Halve willing to buy anp victuals fo} their money, no perſon Hall wichſtande 

them but they thall buy the fame without any diſturhance to the contrarp, 

6 Kem, if by any caſualtie their ſhippes thall bre dyiuen on ſloare in perill of (hipwpacke, 

dur Beges and Judges, and ather our ſubiects ſhall fuccour them, and ſuch wares, and goods 

ilcheirs as (hall bee recouerev from the loll, (hall bee reſtozed to them, and no man (hall wong 


them. 

1 il the people of che aloꝛeſaide Queene, their interpreters and marchants, (hall fop trae 
fake, either by lande 02 (ca repaire to dur Dominions paying our lawufull toll and custome, 

they (hall haue quiet and none of our Captaines o; gouernours of the fea, and thipyes, 

6 ons, (hall either in cheir bodies, oz iu their goods and catte las, any wap mos 


8 Item ik any Eng lit man ſhall growe in debt, and fo our money to any other man, andthere · 
upon doeth abſent himſelfe that hee tan not be founde, let no mau arreſt oz appꝛehend him fo. any 
other mans debt, exteyt he be the treditour. . 

9 Item, if any Cnglifman ſhall make his will and teſtament, to whome ſoeuer by the fame 
bee hall gine his goods, the partie thall haue 15 accopdingly , and if hee die 


Vl * 
vy * 2 
O 9 2 OY 
N Vy 5 & 
\ Vy 
SV 
* 4, e 
4 Ry 
Ww et 
6° 4 4 * 
ze . 2 * 5 
<5 144 45 ¥ 
85 an os : 23 
2 8 4 2 = 
5 = =I all 5 
J dy — 13 
RNA 4, * 
se AN SE 
: » > = 5 
K 
8 we 


* 


25 
* 


170 The voyages and difcoueries Tur lie prinileges 


heto whom the Conſulloꝛ gduernout of che lociette thall lay the goods of the dead are to be ginen, 
he ſhall haue the fame, e eee 80 

10. Item, tfehe Engllbmen oy the marchants anvinterpeters of arp places onder the iu 
diction of Eng lanv hall happen in the buying and felling of wares, by pꝛomiſes op otherwiſe e 
tome in controuerſie let them gue to the Judge and caule the matter to be entred into a booke, n 
if they will let them allo cake letters of the Judge teltifying the fame, that men may fee the 
bookte and letters, whatſoeuer thing ſhall happen, and that accomding to the teno thereof them 
ter in tontrouerſie and in doubt may be ended: bur ik uch tbinges be neither entred in booke, un 
pet ihe perfons haue taken letters of the Judge, pet he thal admit no falfe witn es, but ſhall crore 
the lawe accopding to iuſtice, and ſhall not futter them to be abuſed. N 

11 Item ik any man Hall (ap, that chete being Chyittians hall ſpeake any thing tothe derogs, 
tion ol dur hulp faich and religion, and (hall Mander the lame, in this matter as in all others, let ny 
‘falle witnelſes in any cafe be admitted. ; : 

12 Item, it any one of them hall commit anp great crime, and flying thereupon tau not ber 
fouud let no man be atreſted, op Detained for another mans lact, except he be his ſuretie. 

Fx! Item i any ſlaue ſhall be found to be an Eng lithman, and their Canſull op gouernour ſhall 
ſue foꝛ his libertte, let the fame ſlaue be diligently examined, and ik he be foundin deed to be Eng: 
liſh let him be vifcharged and reſtozev to the Englichmen. 

14 Item, if any Englichman ſhall come hither either to dwell oz trafique, whether he be may 
ried op vnmarried he Hall pay no polle op head money. 

15 Item ik either in Alexandria Daimaſco, Samos, Tunes, Tripolis in p Cet, the pom totwnes 
oke Ægypt, oꝛ in any other places, they purpoſe to chooſe to themſe lues Conſuls oꝛ go 

let them doe lo, and if they will alter them at any time, and in the roome of the fozmer Confuls 
place others let them doe fo alſo, and no man ſhall reſtraine them. 

16 Item if their interpꝛeter ſhalbe at any time ablene, being occupied in other ferions matters, 
let the thing then in queſtion be taped and differred till his connning, and in the meane time m 
man Hall trouble them. i g N 

17 Item, il any variance ep controuerſie hal ariſe among the Engliſpmen, and thereupon they 
ſhall appeale to their Conſuls op x iernours, let no man moleſt chem, but let them freely doe &, 
that the tontrouerlie begunne, map be ſinilhed accoꝛding to their otune cuſtomeg. 

18 Item; ik alter che cime and date of this priuilenge, any ptrats on other free gouernozs offhing 
trading the ben ball take any Eng lübman, and hall make fale of him either beyonde the ſea gun 
this five of the ſea, the matter ſhalbe examined accoꝛding to iuftice, and if the partie ſhalbe found 
be Englith and chall receiue the holy religion, then let bimkreely be diſcharged. but if he will ail 
teme a C Hiſtian, let him then be reſtozed to the Engliſhmen, and the buyers ſhall demaunde 
their money againe ofthem who ſoldethe man. 

19 Item, if the hips of warre of our Imperiall highnes ſhall at any time gye fooꝛch to ſea, am 
ſhall finde any Englich ſhips laden wich marchandife, no man ſhall binder chem, but rather hall 
vſe them friendly, and doe them no wrong, euen as we haue giuen and graunted articles, and py⸗ 
uiledges to the French, Venetians, aud other Rings and princes our confeverats, fo alſo we bane 
giuen che like to the Engliſh: aud concrarp to chis our diuine late and pꝛiuiledge, let no man pe 
{ime to doe anything. 8 325 

20 Item, il either their great oz finall (hips thalt in the courte of their voyage o in any plare 
rn op arreſted, let no man continue the fame arreſt, but rather helpe and 


21 Item ik any cheenes ann robbers thall by force take away any ok their hips, and marcham 
ch ined jel abies and robbers be foughe, end fearchen iin with all diligence, ann let hen 
e puniſhed molt ſeuerely. 5 
21 11. ‘of all the Beglerbegs, and Zanziacbegs, dur Captaines; our fates and ſeruants of 
Capennes vling the ſea amd our Judges, cuttomers and grouernours of ſbippes called Reiz, am 
free Reis, all theſe arcoꝛdiug tothe tenop of this priteiledsre and articles, (hatte bounde to dot at 
copding ly: and, as long as the Queene of Eng land on her part hall duelp keepe and oblerue this 
league and holy peace, exyeſled in this pꝛiuiledge, we alfo for our Imperial part doe charge and 
tomm Shien ae Con hee tate eke abet W ö , 
eri en at Conſtantinople, 988. peere of our molt holy pꝛophete, in the beginning o 
the monech of Aue, And in e pere of Ixs vs, the 1580, * en Hi 
Pel eps er 


0 0 é a 1 
I urkie privileges, 
G ² 
8 of the dead are to be guen, 


mp places onder the ini 
by promites o othertuite ty 
obe entred into a booke,am 
fame, that men may ſeethe 
to the tenor thereof thema 
neither entred in booke, 

alſe witnes, but thal erer 


ake any thing tothe verogs, 
natter as in all others, let ny 


ing thereupon can not bee 
the be his ſuretie. 

r Conſull op gouernour ſhal 
be found in deed to be Eng: 


ralique, whether he be ma, 


sin p Mell, the pore totunes 
tes Conſuls o goucrnours, 
dome of the fopmer Confuls 


eb in other lerious matters, 
g and in the meane time m 


lilpmen, and thereupon thep 
n, but let them freely doe ſo 
e 


cuſtomes. 
ther free gouernozs of hips 
either beyonde the ſea aun 
Dif the partie ſhalbe found 
iſcharged but if he will fl 
bebe buyers hall demaunde 


p time goe fooꝛch to ſea, and 
binder them, but rather hall 
d graunted articles, and pr 
confenerats, fo allo we har 
d puuiledge, let no man pe 


heir voyage ; in anp plare 
e arreſt, but rather helpe and 


ok their Chips, and marchm 
h all diligence, and let them 


dur llaues and ſeruants of 
of hippes called Reiz, a 

eg, halbe bounde to doe es 
nely keepe and obſerue this 
perial part doe charge and 


nopbete, in the beginning of 
Her 


; 
The Qiletter.. »\ \ ofthe Englifh nation. 171 


Her Maieftics letters go the Turke or Grand Signiot 1381. 
promiſng rodreſſe of the diforders of Peter Baker of Ratcliffe, 


committed inthe Leuant. 4 


Lizabeth by the diuine grace of the eternall God ok England, Fraunte and 


ar Wa all ochers whelbeuer: malt kontumate yeeses with the ſurceſſe of all crue bappts 
uel As with very great delive we wilh and eminace che loue and amitie of foꝛteine Princes, 
andin the fame by all good dueties and ncanes wee fecks ta be confirmed ; ſo to ba chexe map 
benothing note pricuous nud benen een een che default 
ofour lubiecta, tobich any way might bring our faith and Givelicic into ſütpicion: Althotigh wee 
areuncignonant howe many good princes vy the like miladuenture be abuled, where the deings 
ofthe lubietts are imputed to the want ol good gouerument. But ſuch matters of importance 
aud ſo wel appꝛoued we may not omit: ſuch is to vs the ſacred eſlimation of our honour, aud of our 
Chuan otellion,as we would the fame ſhould appeare al well in the concluding ol dur pꝛomi⸗ 
ſes and agreemente as in the faithfull perfopming of the fame, Ann 

The matter which by theſe our letters we ſpecially beholde, is a moſt iniurious and grienaus 
tong which of late came vnto our vnderſtanding, that ſhould bee done vnto certaine of pour fube 


iectaby tertaine ol our {ubiects, as pet not appꝛehended: hut with all ſeueritie vpon their aps 
0 they are to be awarded fo; the fame, And as the deede in it {elfe is mo wicked, ſo is ker ot Rar; 


it much more intolerable, by how much it doeth infringe the tredite of our faith, violate she force 
of our authentic: and i che eltiman ö 
diguitie. In which fo great a dilomder if wee ſhould not manifeſt our hatred towards fo wicked 


andentlldi{polen perſong, wet might not onelp moft iultly be repꝛooued in the iudgement cf all ane in che Le⸗ 
fuch as truely fauows Juſtice, but allo of ali Puinces the patrones of right and eguitie, might na 


idee condemned. That therefore conſderen. which ofour parts is odainedin this cauſe nipich 
imp betothe good liking of pour highneſſe, wee are moſt eſpeciallp to requeſt of pour Impertall 
Paiste, that thꝛougb the netaule and dilorder of a {oye of euill and wicked piſpoſed prefons, yu 
vill nat withdꝛawe pour gratious fauour from vs, neither to binder the trafique of our ſubiects, 
which by vertue of pour higbnelle ſufſtrance, ann poker of your licence are permitted to trade ine 
to yon dominions and countreis, on that either in their perlons oz goods they be pꝛeiudiced their 
teauapling by land q by water, pꝛumiſiug vnto pour greatneſſe moſt faithfully, that the goods 
tubereof your ſubiects by great wong aud violence haue bene ſpopled, hall wholie againe be ree 
ines, it either by the tines op poſſelſions of the robbers it may any way be bought to paſſe: And 
chat herraſter ( as now being caught by this euill example) wee will haue ſpeciall care chat none 
wader the title of our authozitie, ſhall be ſulfered to commit any the like bongs oz iniuries. 

Neither they which haue committed chele euil parts, had any power vnder pour highneſſe fates 
conduit graunted bute our ſubiects, but from {ome other ſafe conduit, whether 


P 2 


eſtimation of our woꝛde faithlully giuen onto. pour Imperiall calted the Moe, 


172 The voyages and diſcoueries The J arkie patents, 


The letters patents; or priuiledges graunted by her Ma- 

ee SE Een Of ure Matter Richaid Step yand cer. 

taine other Marchants of London for their trade into the dominions of 
the great Turke,in the yeere 1581. 


Lizabeth bythe grace ol God Queene of England, France and Treland, de 
— te fale ge To all our officers, miniſters, aud fubiects, and to al 
other people as well within this dur Nealme of England. as els where by, 
der dur obeylante, iurildiction, of otherwile, onto whome theſe our letters hel 
be ſeene, ſhe wer od rend, greeting. THbere our welbeloued ſubterts Edward 

5 Ofburne Alderman of our Citie of London, and Richard Staper of our faire 
Citie marthant, haue by great aduenture and indulerie, with their great cokes and charges, bp 
the {pace of ſundzy late veered, trauailev, and cauſed trauaile to be taken, as well by ſectet amp 
geod meanes, as by dangerous wapes and patlages both by lande aud fea, to finde out andſtt 
open a trade of marchandize andecafique inte the landes, Allands, dominions, and territoꝛtesu 
the great Turke, commonly called the Grand Signior, not heretefoze in the memoꝛie of any man 
note Living knowen to be tommonly vlen and frequented by way ol marchanvile, by any the mur 
chants oz any ſubietts of vs, oz our pꝛogenitours; and alfo haue by their like good meaneg an 
inouftrie, aud great charges pꝛocutev of the ſaide Grand Signior ( in our name, ) amitie, fates, 
and kreedome, for trade and trafique of marchandife to be blen, and continued by our ſubiett 
within his {aide dominions, whereby there is good and apparant hope and like lpboode both thar 
many good offices may be done for the peace of Chnildendome, and reliefe of manp Chꝛiſtim 
that be op may happen do be in thꝛaldome oꝛ neteſlitie onder the ſaide Grand Signior, his baflale 
oz ſubiecta, and allo good, and profitable vent and vtteranee map be had ofthe commonitics of on 


them, 

erfon and perfons Engliſhmen bonie, not exceeding the noniber of twelue, as chep the fare 

dward and Richard ſhall appoine; nominate, o; admit to be parteners, aduenturers, oz doers 
with them the laide Edward, Thomas, Richard, and William, in their ſorietie by themielues, 
their leruants, factours op deputies, and to ſuch others as ſhall be nominaten atroꝛding to thetn 
nour oktheſe our letters patents, hall and may during the terme ol ſeuen peeres from the date of 
theſe patents freely trade tralique, aiid bſe feates of marchandiſe into, and from the dominiong of 
the fait Grand Signior, and euerp of them, in ſuch oꝛder, and maner, foꝛme, liberties and condition 
to all intents and purpoles as ſhalbe betweene them limitted and agreed, and not otherwile, with 
out any moleſtation impeachment o diſturbance, any lawe, ſtatute, bſage, diuerſitie ofreligion i 
kalth od other cauſe oz matter whatfoetier to che contrary not wichſtanding. 

And that it halbe latofull to the ſaid Edward and Richardtheir exetutoꝛs and adminiſtraton, 
(during the ſaid terme) to appoint op admit to be parteners and aduenturers with them the fave 
Edward, Thomas, Richard and William, ſuch perſous not exceeding the nomber oltwelue (as 
fone is laid) to tralique and vſe the {aid trade q feate of marchandife accopding to our ſaide graut. 
And that all and euery ſuch perſon and perfonsg, as (hall hereafter foreune to be appointedopad 
mitted as parteners in the ſaid trade op tralique accopding to thele our letters patents, (hall and 
may from the time of fuch appointment oz admittante, haue and enioy the freevome and libertte 
ok che laidtrade and tralique, during the relldue of che laid terme ol feuen peeres actondeng to furp 
limitation and agreement as is afodeſald, and that it hall and may be tatofull to and for the lade 
Edward, Thomas, Richard and William, cheir epetutours and adminiſtratours, fate 
tours and Deputies, and all ſuch as ſhall be fo appointed, nominated op admitted, to be partencré 
oz aduenturers in the {aide trade, oꝛ ſo mau of them as can and will, to alſemble themſelues for 
0} about anp the matters, caufes,attaives 02 buſinelle of the fain trade in any place eee 


> 


Me fet ce ee 
eT. urkie patents, 


WD, France and Treland, de 
rs, and ſubiects, and to al 
England, as ela where ty 
phome theſe our letters tell 
elbe loued ſubietts Edward 
Richard Staper of our {aing 
reat coſtes anv charges, bp 
taken, as well by fecret aun 
e aud ſea, to finde out andi 
ominions, and territoꝛies ii 
in the memoꝛie of anp man 
narchandile, by any the mur 
their like good meanes aud 
LOUE name, ) amitie, fafetie, 
o continued by our fubiers 
pe and lckelyhoode both thet 
relief of many Chpittians 
¢ Grand Signior, his vaſſals 
a Cf che commonities of out 
r honour, and dignitie royal, 
H our Realme, Rnowe pet 
e intouragement of our lib. 
n i den ne 
d, and by pre 
truſtie, and welbeloned fib, 

Richard Staper, and Wil- 


heir ſocietie by themlelues 
hinaten according to the 
tuen yeeres from the date of 
and from the dominions of 
dme, liberties and condition 
ted, and not otherwile, with 
age, diuerlitie of religion 9 


etutoꝛs and adminifratoss, 
murers with them the (aire 
k the nomber oltwelue (as 
ponding to our ſaide grant, 
tune to be aypointe 
ir letters hail 


uJ 
crete 


famne conuenient, from time ta time during the (aide terme of 7, pecres, within our Dominions af 
to makt, oꝛdetne, and ute reaſonable lawes and ozdinances, for the good go. 
fain companie, and for the better aduantement and coutinuance of the [aide trade 
anpetafique, noc being contrarie on repugnant to the lama, eſtatutes op cuftomes of our Realme, 
ann che Came lames op epdinances fo made to put in bye, and execute accopdingly,and at their pleas 
fares to reuoke the ſame lawes and owinances, o; any of them, as occaſion thall require. 

ub ncontinecation that the ad Edward Ofburne bath bene the principall letter fooyeh and 
dotr in the opening. ¢ putting in bie ofthe laid trade: we do therfore efpecially odeine ranſtitute, 
and ppouide bp tbeſe patents, chat the ſaid Edwarde Ofburne ſhall be gouernout of all ſuch as by 
pertue ol cheſe our letters patents, (hall be parceners,aduenturers,o trafiquers in the ſaide trade, 

the lade terme of leuen peeres, il hee ſo long line: Andthat ikthe {aide Edward ſhall bape 
pencadeceate during the ſaldterme he ſald Richard Staper then liuing then the lands Richarde 
Seaper (hall lte wiſe be gouernour during the relidue of the laid terme (if he fo long liue and that 
liche ſaid Edward and Richard ſhall boch happen to deceaſe during the laid terme, then the parte 
ners dy aduenturers fo the time being, oꝛ the greater part of them hall from time to time ag nes 
celitte (hall reautre, chooſe ann elect a goueruodtr of the {aid companie, 

proutdedalwapes, that if there hall happen any great op bygent occafton to remooue om vif: 
place any perlon that (hall be goueruour of the Caine fellowuſhip, that then it Hall, and map be law 
full fon vs our heires and ſucceſſdurs, to remooue and diſplate euery ſuch goueruour, and to place 
anocher of the ſaide fello wſhip in the fame office, during fuch time as ſuch perfon ſhould haue ene 
ppedthe ſame, according to this our graut. if there bad bene no cauſe tothe contrary, 

And wee further fo; vs our beires, and {ucrellours,of our aspera grace, certaine knowledge, 
nd meere motion, doe graunt to the laid Edward Ofburne, Thomas Smith, Richard Staper, and 
William Garret, their exetutours and adminiſſxatours that nothing thall be done to be of tonce 03 
patinitte touching tbe faive trade op trafique, op the exertile thereof, without o againſt the cons 
{ret ofthe ſaide Edward, during ſuch time as her ſhall bee Gouernour as afope is laide. And al 
ter chat time without the conſent of the Gouernour fop the time being, and of the moze part ofthe 
fade company. —— 

Ano furcher, wee ol our moze ample and abundant grace, meete motion and certaine knowe 
Lente, haue graunted,and be thele patents in vs our heites and {uccellons, doe graunt co the faide 
Edward, Thomas, Richard and William, their executoms and abminiſiratoùs, chat thep, the ſaide 
Edward, Thomas, Richard anv William, their exetuto;s and adminiſtratoꝝs, and the fade perſon 
ind perſons, by chem the laid Edward and Richard to be nominated: o as afore is ſaid, 

with lurh two other perfons, as wee our heires oz fuccelldys from time to time during 
the faive terme hall nominate, (hall haue the whole trade and traſique and the whole entire onely 
ibercie, ble ann pziuilege of trading, and traliquing. and vſing feate ol marchandile, into, and front 
the aid Dominions of the {aid Grand Signior, and ofthent, And when there ſhall be no ſuch 
engen o appointed by vs our heires oz fuccellours chat then the ſaid Edward Oſ- 
ume, Thomas Smith, Richard Staper, and William Garret theit exetutoꝛs and adminiſtratops, 
ind fuch perfons by them lo to be appointed. (hall haue the ſaide whole trade and traſique. and the 
whole entire, and onely libertie, vſe, and priuilevge of trading and traſiquing afoꝛeſaid. And that 
theythe laid Edward, Thomas, Richard and William, theix executors and adminiſtratoꝑs, and alſo 
all ſuch as thal ſo be nominated op appointed to be partners o aduenturers in the ſaid trade, accoʒ· 
Dug to ſuch agreement as is abouctaive and euery of them their ſeruants. factours and deputies, 
thal haue full and free authoꝛitie. libertie, facultie, licence and power to trade and traſique into and 
ftom all and euerp the ſaide dominions of the ſaide Grand Signior, and into, aud front all places 
tahere, by occalion ofthe laid trade they ſhal happen to arriue oz come, whether thep be Clniſtiãs, 
Curkes Geutiles oz ocher, aud into, ¢ from all {eas xiuers, poꝛtes, regions, territories, domintons, 
walls ¢ places, wich the ir chips, barks pinnelles ¢ other vellels and with ſuch mariners and men, 
u they wil lead wich them oz {end foz the laid trade, as they thal thinke good at their owne pooper 
colt ¢ expentes, any lay ſtatute, vlage on matter mhatſdeuer to the conttary norwich taping And 
that it halbe lawful for the laid, Edward, Thomas, Richard ¢ William, aud to the perfons afores 
lad and to ¢ fo) che mariners and lea men to be vied ¢ emplbied in the laid trade and voyage to {et 
aud plate in the tops of their thyps ¢ other vellels the armes ol England with the ted croſſe ouer 
the famesasbevetovoe they bane vled p ren crolle,anp matter op thing to che cõtray not 


And we of our further topal kauoz, c of our eſpetial grace, cettaine knowlevge ¢ meere motion 
we graunced,¢ by chefe prefents doe grauntto the lad Edward Ofburne,Tho.Smith,Richard 
aper, @ William Garret, their executors as “rie bp theſe pefents, that the ee 
beg : 3 terri 


The Turkiepatents. of the Engliſh nation. 173 


territoes, and 
ted, nop haunted 
tothe 


— — 1 — 2 — 
174. he voyages and diſcoueries The Turkie patents, 


47 Wile 


Turſie patents, The Turkie patents. ofthe Englith nation. 173 

hall not be hall and dll at the letriam feurth of their Ibippe. ch ſbippes, io) che fame vopage, peru 

the ſuide terme centen 

haue argued 0) 

ur beires, and 

w of them directly oz inp 

way of marchandiſe io, 

laces aboueſalde by wat Pwuſder tompanie, oꝛ their ſeruantt factoꝛs, m (atlers, 

iam, theit executors am iu mpſhippe by them laden, all tonnmit any piracie op outrage vpon the {eas and that it the fain 
exprette licence, compante op ſocietie (hall ot, oꝛ doe not, withir reatonable time, after complaint made, o: notire 

nove part of them, mbertee to the {aio companie, oz to any of them, either ſatiſſie op recompence the parties chat fe ball 

tion, and of amy to be robhed,o7 ſpoiled by any of the fain companie, oꝛ {ailers,in the fain thippes,o ela that 

che goods marchaunises: net doe their endenout to the vttermaoſt of their reaſonable power to haue the parties fo offending 

pt, on pꝛeſume to faite, un nfop the lame theit olfences that then and from thenteloonth theſe pretenc lecters patente 

ontrary to the pohibitun Full be vtterly voive, ceaſe, and vetermine. : 

ites and fucceflons andthe - Prouided libewiſe, that if it Chall hereafter appeate vnto vs gur beires , op ſucreſſoꝛs, that this 

m, andthe lalde companir, grant m the continuance thereol in the whole o in any part thereof, hall not be pꝛaũtab le to va, 

umihment as to bs, fon eur heires, our ſucteſſozs, o to this dur Realme, chat then, and from thence forth, vpon, aud after 

un lull peeres warning, to be giuen vnto the ſald nie, op to the Gouernour thereof, by vs, 

motion we haue tondilcen dur heites, op fucceflors, this pꝛeſent grant thal ceale, be volde, and determine, to all intente, ton 

doe condiſcend and graum frructions,and purpoles 

dminiſtratops, that we our 

nce of poder to any perfor 

sto faite, patle,crade,on tra 

them without che content 

med oz appointed as afore 

ud cerme,the ſaid Edward, 

znominate airy of our fubs 


on und j fons foto be appotnted,bp vs dur heires, op fuccetlogs, Hall, and map, withthe fain companie, and 
sy Edveords Thomash  fallotalbip, vſe the trade and feate of matchandiſe afrrefaive, anball ie Therties and piuilenges 


nave, and v f herein befope granted, xccopding to the meaning of cheſe our letters patents, any ching in thele 
ard a Where or ta our letters B contained to the coutrary notwichſtanding. arte 
Qup of our ſpeciall grate certaine knowlenge,and meere motion, we haue condeſten⸗ 


pa by their ſpetiall names, 
great ſeale of Englan in 
ud articles, (mutatis mu- 
elidue of the ſaid terme il 
8 thalbe ſuffitient warrant 
: g, for the making. {ales 
watrant fog the lame tu be 


and William Garret and 
their trade oz companie, 
is our Realme,and bring 
fo much goods aud mad 
jount in the whole to the 
e e er, 
ad, od any 02 n 
He occafton from the ſade ee ing all and finguler 
1 


ao Staper, and Wil- pod at icy 


ned, and granted, and by theſe pꝛeſente fop vs, dur beires,and 


1 


to bee of the ſalde trade, 
dhe 


nay 


176 
The Queenes commifsion vnder her great ſeale, to her ſeruant 
Master VV liam I Larebro ne, to be ber Naar Anbaſſadbur or 
Agent. in the partes of Turkic. 15822. 15215 
i Fy lizabecha, Dei Optinii Maxim, conditoris,8 reCtoris vnici clementia,An, 
4 N Ilie, Francic, ze Flibernig Regina, ver fidei contra Idololatras falſo Ch 
emen profftentes inuicta & potentiffima propugnatrix,vniuertis,& fingy, 
yal s preefences has literas viluris, dc inſpechuris, ſalutem. Cùm auguftifsim 58 
AZ GZ afinuictifsimus princeps, Zuldan Murad Can, TurciciRegni Dominator po: 
FED entifsimus,imperijque Oriensis Monarcha,foedus yamicitiémque nobifcum 
percuſſerit, iuraueritque, (quam nos perpetuis futuris temporibus, quantum in nobis erit,inyj. 
blatè ſeruare deftinamus) ad eamq; magis 2 damque conceſſerit idem au 
Rifsinttis Imperator ſubditis noftris liberam fuas merces exercendi rationem in omnibus Mu- 
ſulmanici impetij {ui partibus, cum tam amplapriuilegiorum concefsione, quam alijs bonis 
principibus tocis, 8 foederatis noftris largitus eft, quorum priuilegiorum donationem , nog 
grdtam,acceptamque habentes, pari cum animi gratitudine colere certum habemus, deliberg. 
tümque, nihil in votis habentes potitly,quam bonorum erga nos principum animos beneuolos 
honoratifsima mente fouere, promererique: Sciatis, nos de fingulari erga nos, obfequitimque 
noſtrũ, fide, obſeruantia, prudentia, & dexteritate muledm nobis chari Guilielmi Harebrowne, 
e cuſtodibus corporis noſtri vnius,plurimim conſidentes, eum Oratorem, Nuntium, Procun- 
torem, & Agentem noſtrum, certum, & indubitatum, ordinamus, fac imus, & conſtituimus, 
præſentes: dantes ci,& concedentes poteftatem , authoritatem, nomine noftro, & pro Ke 


prædictum amicitiæ foedus confirmandi, e ie concefsionem in manus ſuas capiendi, 
‘ratamque habendi, omnibus & ſingulis ſubditis noſtris, Muſulmanicis oris,tertifque negotian. 
tibus, pro Maieftatis noſtræ authoritate præcipiendi, mandandique, vt ſint in ſuis commerciis, 
quamdiu, quotiẽſque cum Muſulmanicis verſantur, dictorum priuilegiorum præſcripto ob 
temperantes in omnibus, ac per omnia, ad obfequia tanta amicitia digna ſe componentes, ac 
in delinquentes in foedus noſtrum iuſtitiam exequatur Poteſtatem, & authoritatem ei damusin 
omnes, &᷑ fingulos ſubditos noſtros in quibufcunque locis, & partibus Muſulmanici Imperi 
dominationi ſubiectis negotiantes, conſtituendi emporiorum ſuorum ſedes, in quibus volnemt 
portubus, & ciuitatibus in aliis vetandi,in eonſtitutis autem emporiorum ſedibus, conſules cy. 
randi, leges, pręceptionèſque ferendi, condendique, quarum ex prefcripto, dicti noſtti fubdii, 
& eorum qullber fefe publicè, dc priuatim gerant, e orum violatores corrigendi,caftigandique, 
omnia denique & ſingula faciendi, perimplendique, quæ ad dictorum fubditorum noftroruny 
honeſtam gubernationem, & commercii exercendi in illis partibus rationcm pertinent, pto- 
mittentes bona fide, & in verbo Regio, nos ratum, gratum, & firmum habituras, quæcunque dis; 
cus Orator, & Agens nofter,a legibus noſttis non abhorrentia in premifsis aut iffonan. 
aliquo fecerit. In cuius rei teftimonium,hias literas noſtras fieri fecimus ee figilli noſti 
imprefsione iufsimus muniri. Datum caſtro noſtre Windſorię, 20. die Menſis Nouembris, 
Anno Ieſu Chriſti, 158 2. regni verò noſtri, viceſimo quarto. 1 
| 1 The fame in Englifh. 
EAA the clemencie ol the moſt good and moſt great God che only creator and gouer 
nour of allthings, Queene of England, France, and Ireland inuincible, and moſt migbele 
defender of the true faith, againſt all Iolaters fall profelling che name ol C hilt to all and fn 
ste perſons to whole fight and vie bo, theſe our prefent letters may come, greeting. Tliheren 
e moſt reno wmed, and moſt inuincible Pyince, Zuldan Murad Can che mot mighty gouetnour 
of chekingvome of Turkie, and Monarch of the Catt Empire, hath enered into league and kttem 
Rip with vs, (which we for our part, as much as lieth in vs, do purpole ſolemni p, and inuiolabiy 
to keepe in all times to come, ) and whereas oz the better and a gol che 
fame, che foeſalderenommed Emperour bath granted onto our fubierts free libertte of traf 
lake, inallthe partes of his latrer Empire, with as ample, and large a crave of priuiley 
ges, as is giuen tu other good Princes, our neighbours, and tonfederats, the graunt of 
tohich miniledges, wee taking very thankfully, and acceptably, are certatnely, and 
lp determined do keepe and maintsine, with the like goodnes and curtefie of minde, 
nothing mone, then with an honourable reſpert to nouriſh, and deſerue the beneuolent affecti: 
ons of good Princes toward vs: Nnowe pee, that wer thinking well, and hauing good cont 
dence in the fingular truttines, obedience, wildome, and dilpolition, of oir welbeldued ſerumm 
William Harebrowne, ane of the Cfquives of dur bodie, towardes bs, aubour feruice, po 
e 


The voyages and diſooueries Will. Harebrowne, : 


and friend * 


TLULERELERSNAE THE by 


faio fab 


411 


ll. Harebrowne, Lanrente Alderſey. of the Engliſh nation. 177 


Seer eee. 
e,to herferuan  make,opdatne,ano tonſtitute him, dur true and bndoubten Oꝛatp, Meſlenger, De⸗ 
Anbaffadour or 5 Pitz ins Agent, Sining and granting unte bim:powet anv authortcie in our name and fob bs, 


2 — 
toris vnici clementia, An- trading and dea ling in any of the coaftes , and k on of © i 2 
a Idololatras falſd Cui ee mane e Wh WS bebe pron net 

againſt 


matrix, vniuerſis, & fin ſnelulde pinilerges, applying themſeluen in all and thorough all chinges 

fon inte See res eau ana, offenvers : 

iciRegni dannen this out league xo veceiue iumice, and puniſpment accopding lp, Ile giue vnto him power 
amin tungen biſcum and authoptte,ourt all and ſinguler our ſublects, dealing, and vſing traffike in any place op part 
wren is ei a ſubiect to the geuernement of that Empire, to appoint the places of their traf 
ue conceſſeriti 90 augue nen in what hauen op citie tt fall pleaſe him, and to pꝛohibite them from all other places, and 
eee -e US Mu- sphereforncr their trattthes are appointed to be kept chere to make and create Conſuls, m Gouer⸗ 
e wen quam alijs bonis gourd, coenact lawes, and atutes by the vertue and tenoꝛ twbhereof,all our fopefaid ſubterts, and 
ziorum donationem, nos one of them ball boch publikelp, and pziuatelp ofe and behaue themſelues to coxett and 


srtum habemus, delibera. che breakers of thofe lawes : and laſt of all, to doe and fulfil all and finguter things what 
cipum animos beneuolos thall ſeeme requifice and conuenient for the hone and o erly of out 


i erga nos, obfequitimque {ain fabtects and of the maner of their traftike in choſe parts. Pꝛomiſing alſuredly and in the 
i Auen ofa inte chat whatſoeuer ſhall be done of our {aid Dpatopand Agent, in all op in any of wre 
orem, ee Proc miles, not tepugvant and contrarie to our Lawes hall be accepted, ratiſied, and confirmed by vs. 
imus, & at ee qn witnes twhereof,we haue cauſed theſe our letters to be made patents, and our ſeale thereun⸗ 
mine noitro: & PFO noi toto be appenſed. Giuen at our Caſtle of Mindſoze, the 20, day of Nouember, in the peere of 
eee Chitt,1 582.and of our raigne the 24. 

01 ‘ f : 
vt ſint in fuis commercis, The firſt : made by Maſter L Ald 
legten inen e voyage or iourne/, mac 2 7 er aurence f ex- 
10 ſe —, 40 2 "Marchant of London, to the (ties of Ierufalem,and Tripolis, exc. 
authoritatem ei damusin Inthe yeere, 1581. Penned and fet downe by himſelfe, 5 
bus Muſulmanici Imperi g N 
m ſedes, in quibus voluemt 
rum ſedibus, conſules cu · 


ipto, dicti noſtri ſubdii 
— Genügend 
m ſubditorum noftrorum 
rationem pertinent, pto- 
e eee 

præmiſſoren 


ras dap, vntill 
one the nest bap: and then J, and Thomas God, with foure op fine moze that 
vvere in the companie to goe to Antwerpe imbarked out felues in that Craier, 
ud (o fet ſaile and departed: but the winde being quite contrary, we were ſet on ſhoare a mile o 
mo beſie we came to Quinborough : in the euening we miſſed our way to the totune, ſo that we 
eee 
mas a tennants houſe p e ere bꝛought to Quinborough, 
eee 


miſsis aut 
atentes, & figilli noſſui 
D. Tie Menſis Nouembtis 


che only create and goev 
uincible, and moft migbeie 
me ol Chnitt to all and thy 
che moſt mighty gouetur 
ge en 
e N ) 
ng and auchonifing of the night,ane ronger 

Liberte Rered,in which boate, A thanke God, A tas fafelp deliuered at Neumegen. 
Soe Oe aor hi “From thence, I cooke my paſlage to Collen, in a fron 5 Taben bith boubeld tutte, and 


being | there 
to bane bowen bs, bur our watch perceiuing them comming, called vs, 8 
dengel tram anv appotuten for thent, diſt aged a perce or tu at them :thex nothing 


* 


178 The voyages and diſcoueries Lavrence e A larſc 


lil came vpon vs although thole 2. pceces were diſtharged. g A being kalt in ſleepe in my ca 
bin, was sheeenith awaked:and afking what the matter mag ane cole me. that che Maleconttm 
were comming abooyd vs: whereuyon A being ſome what amaſed, sole out of my Cabbin, ay 
betooke me to my lwond, fo that was the belt weapon A had, anny went to tbe top of the ha 
tbes. and when à perceiued them connning J procured halſe a doſen to diſcbargt atonce, tal 
them vndertland that there were thole i » that would bid them welcome: and when 
peeces were all at one inſtant diſcharged, they waere amazev, and ſtaied, and WE not whatto de, 
Chen J, with the beit dutch A had, called to them, and alked them wherefore they tame not, thep 
ſhould be welcome to vs, with the belt cheere that we were able to make, and ſo thot off noche 
voley, and ſhe wed our ſelues with long piker, [wonds, and other weapons in ſueh onder. thar thep 
went their wales, and would not accept our entertainment, nop thanke vs ſoz our good mils sige 
were foure daies in danger of them the wind was fo contrary. Then at the laſt, we procuren te 
Malter to go on ſhoare, to hire a couple of hoꝛſes to cole che ſhip. which he vid, and vpon 
the 16.ol the fame moneth, we landed at Wezell, and chere hired a waggon, to poe ouer Landis 
Collen, becauſe J had hatte to be at Venice, before this moneth were out. 

Upon Tuclbay,the 17. of April, I (ee from Wezell by laude, and that day J dined at Duis, 
burge, which is epee Dutch miles from Wer ell, and J lay all nigbt at Thiftleborough, which 
is within fue miles of Collen, and spon Menſday I came to Collen, about foure of the clocke in 
the alternoone, and ſtaied there till Tueſdap, the 24. of the ſame moneth, and then ſet to warden 
Mentz. ' 

Che monu · ¶ Thie monumeuts which J lawe at Collen, be theſe. I ſawe the tombe(as they fap) of che thee 

mentsofthe Fings of Colleu; which are very faire, incloled in copper, and Malle {ard in it euery day: it is in 

oe 5 the great Church of Collen, ¥ 1 703 

der Alder p. F was alſo inthe Church ol 8. Vrſula, where J found the people at a ſermon, made by a Jeſu⸗ 
ite: ta which ferimon,befines the people chere reſoꝛted all the ſchollers of the fain Jeſuite, tho 
haue their learning there for nothing: J 90155 numbzed them, to be lire hundpeth and 
more; as they came out, and pet J ſuppaſe there hre as many mode, as I numbed, which went 
out at au other dooꝛe of the Church, lu that I could not number them all. Allo A law the tombe ct 
S. Vrſula there, and the tombe of the Englich King, that was her huſband, whofe fruls are iy 
ned in ſiluer for great monuments, and the plate of ſiluer is made to open, ſo that euery bolt 
that will, map fee the lkuls: and there are the boues and ſkuls of a great many of other virgint, 
and ladies of England, to the numberof ten thouland, the ſkuls of all which Ladies, were thy 
ned alſo, and the ckuls of all the virgines were gilt; ann put in caſes of purple, and crimfon vel 
uet: allo the bones ol S. Vrſula, and moſt of the bonen of the Ladies, wich che bones of the ope, 
that came with them from Rome, (ag they fap) beali gilt. ; 

This S. Vrſula was a Queene of Wales, and her huſband was a King, oz a Kings fonneet 
England and his name was Encerius, which were all laine, comming homewards from Rome, 
at Collen, with the Pope in their tompanie, that had chuſtened them at Rome, (fo they wert il 
heathen people before and thinking ta be their conductoz home, was flaine with chem. There 
lam alſo(as theytold me) the wedding ring of S. Vrſula:there are the bones aud ſchuls alfo ofthe 
leuen bꝛethꝛen, and the mother of them, mentioned in the Machabees, which were all marty, 
loʒ not obeying the tyrants commaundement. J ſawe allo one of the pots, that (by their repox) 
bad pater in it at the mariage in Cana of Galile, which Chpitt turned tuto wine: aud J dane 
out ofthe fame pot, which is made of white marble, and holdeth about a gallon, and the foote of itis 
trimmed with lilke of diuers colour. f 5 
From Collen, I was commended by George Cafteler to Auguſta, toone Elias Geneſe, ty 
wards which place J went vpon Tuelday the 24. ol April, and in the way. J ſam many faire cw 
ſtles, and haue cities, wherein J entren not, as Punt, which is foure Dutch miles from Collen, 

The Cattle of Drageyfieldi a mile from Punt, which ſtandeth vpon a very high mountain, 
and is very ſtrong. and of each five of it ig a Cattle op to mone s it is built within the rocke, lot 
it is inuincible, ik it were withall well fortified, Then came we to Andernaga, a great Citte, 
which is not fare from the Calle ol Drage eld: from thence to Coplands, which is alfoa 
great Cities thence to S. Cure, and Elfielde, two grrat Cities alſo: andthen to che houleet 
the Palſgraue; whichis vpon the riuer ol Rhene, Which is not tobe come vnto, but by tow 


Apen Bimday the nine and entte of pail at rmelue of che clocke, A came tu Mencz,tohert 
eee auto then tooke paſſage lo Vpnam, here a lap all ta 


Mentz 


—— | 
vrence eA lderſej. 
wen’ in lleepe in my Ca, 


roſe out of my Cabbin, ay 
A went fotbe cop of the h 
u cobifcharge atonce, toi 
m welcome: and when thep 
ied, and wilt not what to due. 
herekode they came not, they 
nake, and ſo hot off anuther 
en's Such onder, tharthey 
ake vs foz our good twils ip 
on at the Lat, we procured tie 
ich he did, and vpon 
waggon, to goe ouer land 
out. 

nd that day J dined at Duis. 
tat Thiſtleborough, which 
n, about foure of the cloche n 
neth, and then fet tomarnes 


mbe( as they fap) of the ther 
laid in it euerp day: it is in 


tafermon, made by a Jeſu⸗ 
lers of the laid Jeſuite, uh 
gem, to be lire huntneth and 
as J numbyen, which went 
n all. Alſo I ſaw the tombe it 
iſband, whofe fruls are ty: 
to open, ſo that euerp bone 
great many of other virgint, 
all which Ladies, were hyp 
sof purple, and crimſon vel 
the bones of the Boye, 


aking; 07 a Rings fonueef 
ng hometwarys from Rome, 
at Rome, (tc they were all 
8 llaine with them. Chere 

e bones and ſkuls alſo ofthe 
5ù„ which were all martynd, 
pots that (by their report) 
ed into wine: aud J Nane 


a gallon, and the foote of tis ; 


ſta, toone Elias Genefe , to 
he way. J ſaw many faire to 
Dutch miles from Collen, 
pon a very high mountaine, 
built within the rocke, ſo at 
) Andernaga, a great Cite, 
Coplands, which is alſos 
lo: and then to the houlest 
be tome vnto, but by tow 


ch t. tame tu Mentz, when 


Mentz 


Laurence eA lderfey. ofthe Englith nation. 179 


— ͤ 2œ—Uö¶ —ê4ẽäU2]ʃ ͥðꝛ&ũ 
Mentz is 4 berp great Citie, and beautifull s the Bithop thereol is in dignitie, and authopitic,a 
prince, bis Pallaice like a Pinces Pallaice, bis barges like dwelling boule s, folarge, 
aupfofull as it were of Chambers, that euery one of his feruants path bis doofe, and thereunto 
his locke and ep of his Chamber in the barge: they haue in the ſaide barge a dining Chamber, 
villes, grrat tables to plap at dice 03 cardes, and much moze then J ſpeake ol, betauſe A ſawe 


1 * Churſday, the third day of May, Jcame to Auguſta, where J deliueren the letter J had 
lenife,fromt Maſter Caſtler, whome J found very willing to pleaſure me, in any thing 
chat A could op would reaſonably demaund. Oe lirſt furniſhed me with a hoyle to Venice,foy mp 
andehen toake me with hima walking, to ſhewe me the Citie, loz that I had a day to tarie 
chere vn bim that was to be my guide. 
dhe heen me lit the tate boule, which is verp faire, and beautifull : then he broughe me to Apo gg 
the inet garden, and ozthard that euer I ſawe in my life: fo there was in it a place fox Canarie m Germanp. 
hires, as large as a faire Chamber, trimmed with wyer both aboue and beneath, with fine litle 
hunches of trees, fox them to fit in, which was full of thofe Canarie birdes. Chere was ſuch an 
for Turtle dooues: alſo there were two pigeon houſes, ioyning to them, hauing in them 
boch of Turtle dooues, and pigeong. In the fame garden alſo, were ſixe oz ſeuen fithponds,all 
tailed about, and full of very good liche. A lſo, ſeuen op eight fine fountaines, oz water {pring sof be 
ers lalbions: as ko; fruit, there wanted none ok all fortes, as ozenges, ügges, raiſons, wall 
nuts, grapes, belides apples, peares, Allbirds, ſmall nuts, and ſuch other fruite, as wee haue in 


England, 

Then did he briny me to the water tower of the ſame Citie, that bya lleight and deuiſe, bath 
the water bꝛought vp as high. as any Church in the towne, and to tell pou the ſtrange veuiles ol 
all tt pallech mp capatitie. Then he brought me to another very faire garden, called the ſhooters 
pole where are buts fo the long bowe, the crolſe bowwe,che ſtone bowe, the long peece, and fox die 
ners other crercifes moze, 

After this, we walked about the wals of the Citie, where is a great, bꝛoade, and deepe ditch, 

one five of the towne, ſo full of fiſhe, as euer J ſawe any ponde in my life, and it is reſerued 
mely forthe States ofthe Citic, And vpon the other five of the Citie, is alſo a deepe place all 
greene, wehrein Deere are kept, anv when te plealeth the States to hunt for their plealure, thi⸗ 
ther they relozte, and haue their courles wich Graphowndes, which are keyt ko; chat pur⸗ 


Che lift ol May, J departen from Auguſta towards Venice, and came thither vpon Ehitſum⸗ Venice. 
duythe chitteenth of the fame moneth. It is neeveles to ſpeake of the heigth of the mountaines, 
that A palled ouer and of the danger thereol it is fo well knowen alreay to the woꝛld: the heigth 
ofthem is marueilous, and J was the ſpate of fire Dates in palling them. 

Jcameto Venice at the time of a Faire, which laſted foureteene daies, wherein J ſawe very 
manp,and faire ſhewes of wareg. I came thither too (hort loz the firft pattage wich went awa 
from Venice, about the ſeuenth oz eight of May, and with them about thꝛee ſcoze pilgrims, whi 
hippe was caſt awap at a tovme called Eſtria, two miles from Venice, and all the men in her, ſa⸗ 
wing thittie, oz thereabout, loft. 

Mithin eight dates after fell Corpus Chriſti dap, which was a day amongſtthem of pꝛoceſſi⸗ 
on in which was heen the plate, and treaſure of Venice, which is eſteemed to be worth tivo mil · 
lions ol pounds, but J doe not accompt it worth halle a quarter of that money, except there be 
nmethen J ſawe. To ſpeake of the ſumptuoulnes of the Copes, and Ueſtments of the Church, 
J leaue, but che trueth is, they be very fumptuous, many of them fer all ouer with pearle, e made 
ifcacheaf gotoe, And for the Jeſuites, I thiuke there be ag many at Venice, ag there be in Col- 
el. . ; 


_ Chenimber of Jewes, is there thought to be 1000, who well in arertaine place of the Ci⸗ Che number 
de, ¢ haue ai a place, to which they refoyt to pray, which is called the Jewes Sinagogue, Chep of Jewes in 
ill and their ofi pring, vic to weare red caps, (co ſo they are commanded) betauſe they map theres Bente. 
by beknowen from other men. Foz my Farther knowledge of thele people, J went into their St: 
nagogue vpon a Satturdap, which is their Sabbath day: and J founde them in their ſeruice oz 
Harers very deuoute: tbey receiuethe fue bookes ol Moſes, aud honour them, by carrying them 
shout their Chittch ag the Papiſtes doe theit croſſe. 1 mi 

Their Bpnagogue is in forme round and che people lit round about it, x in the middelt, there 
Waplace fop him hät reaneth to the reſt; as fox their apparell, all of them weare a large tubite 
laue ouce their garment, which reacheth from their head, vo one to che ground. 


180 The voyages and diſcoueries Laurence Alderfey 


The Plalmes they ſuig as we doe, hauing no image, uo) bling any manner of idolatrie: 
errour is, that they — not in Chik noz pet reteiue the New Tetament. This Eitel 
nice is very fairt, and greatlp co be commended, wherein is good onder for all things: and allt 
con — populous: it Qandeth vpon the maine fea, and hath many Illands aboury, 

t belong to 

To tel pou ol the Duke ol Venice, g of che Weignioyy:there is one chofen that euer beareth thy 
name ol a but in trueth, he is but ſeruant to the SDeigniopie,fopof himſelle he can do litle; 
tt is no other wife with him then with a Nie t, that is at gus vpon a feftiuall day, which pu 
on his golden garment, ſeemeth co be a great man, but if auy man come vnto him, and craue (ome 
frieudthippe at his handes, he will fap, pou muſt goe to the Matters of che parriſh, for J can nee 
pleaſure pou, otherwile then by pꝛeferting of pour ſuite : and fo it is wich the Duke of Venice 
any man bauing a face come to him, and make his complaint, and deliuer his ſupplication, fei 
not in him to heipe him, but he will tell bim, vou mut come this dap. oz that day, and then J wil 
preferce pour luite to the Weigniohle, and doe pou the belt friendſtip chat A may. Furthermae r 
any man bring a letter vnto him, he may not open it, but in the pretence of the Deigniozie, a 
they are to lee it ſirſt, which ome read, perhaps they will delluer it to him, perhaps not, Olthe 
Seignioꝛie there be about thꝛee hundzeth, and about fortte of the pꝛiule Counſell of Venice, who 
vlually are artaied in gownes of crimſen Datten oz crimſen Damatke, when they ſitte in Cou 


fell, 

Inche Citie of Venice, no man may weare a weapon, extept he be a ſouldier for the Seignis 
pec) a ſcholler of Padua i a gentleman of great countenance,and pet he map not doc that kuh 
out licence, 

— As fop the women ol Venice, they be rather monſters, then women, Cuerp Phocmahers » 
; ot Wailers wife, will haue a gotwne of Uke, and one to carie vp ber traine, wearing their ſhoen terp 
neere halle a pard high kromthe ground: if a ſtrauger meete one ol them he will lurelp thinke 
the ace that the goeth vrch, that he merteth a Ladie. 
Adepartev from this Citie of Venice, vpon Midſummer dap, being the foure and ttuentith of 
June, and thinking that the ſhippe would the next day Depart, J Raped, and lape a ſhippebom 
eee eee to time, chat we ſbould this dax, and chat day do 


Mis emd ars ut we taried Mill, till the foureteenth ol July, and then with {cant winde we ſette faile, amp 


fring at Wenice Pree that pap ann hac nigbe not abouefiftie Zealianimilegs and b the fireteene day oe 


fay Artem the winde turned lat contrarie , fo chat the Patter knetwe not what to doe: aud about the 
home of the night, which we reckon to be about one of the clocke after midnight, the Pylotdel 
cried afatle and at laſt perceiued it to bea Gallle of the Curkes, wheteupon toe were in gen 


feare, 5 

The Matter being a wile fellowe, and a good layler, beganne to deuife howe to efcape te 
danger, and to loſe little of our wap: and while both be, end all of vs. were in our dumps, God 
ſent vs a merry gale of winde, that we ranne thee lee and tenne leagues beldze it was twelnt 
à clocke the next day, and in lire dayes after, we were ſeuen leagues palt Zanta: and bpon Buy 
day moꝛning, being the tiyee and twentie of the fame moneth, we came to the ſight of Candis 
which day the winde came contrarie, with great blaſtes, and Kopmes , vntillthe eight and then 
tie of the fame moneth: in which time, the Marriners cried out vpon me, betaule J mag an Eng 
Lith man, and laide, J was no good Chpittian , and wilbed chat J were in the middeſt of the Se, 
faping, that they, and the ſhippe, were che wozſe for me. J aulwered, truely it map well be, fy 
Ithinke my ſelle the work creature in the wozlde, and confider pou pour ſelues alſo, as Idee 
my ſelle, and then vie pour diſcretiun. The Friers pꝛeached, andthe ſermon being done, J 
was demaunded whether J did vnderſtand him: J d, pea, and tolde che Frier himlelle, 
thus pou laide in pour ſermon, that we were not all good Chrittians ; op els it were not pollible 
fo) vs to haue ſuch weather: to which J anſwered, be pou well alſured, chat we are not in derne 
all good Chuiſttaus, fe there are lu che ſheppe ſume, chat holde very unchpiftian opinions: Ot 
that time J latiſtied him, alchough (they laide) chat I would not fee, when they layn the pꝛotell 
on, and honoured their images, and pꝛaied to our Lavie, aud S. Marke. 

There was allo a Gentleman, au Italian, which was a paſſenger in the ſhippe and he tome 
what they ſaid ol me, betauſe I would not ling Salue Regina, and Aue Maria, ag they did: ¥ 000 
them chat they that praiedto fo manp, op fourrbebelpe of anp other chen ol Bon the Father, tt 
ec J Tee to wonke, and robbed God of his honour, n 


moughe their ane 8. re 
SET DS CINE eee Dn ee AORN 


FMA weer 


urence Alder/ey, 


manner of idolatrie: chen 
lament. This Citic ol Ve. 
for all things: and allo t 
b manp Illands about, 


chofen that euer beareth the 
dat nes 
dap, which pu 
e vnto him, and craue — 
che parriſh, fo; I tan nee 
sith the Duke ok Venice 
that day, and then J wil 
pat Imap. Futther mmer 
uce of the Beigniozie, am 
o him, perhaps not. Olthe 
e Counſell of Venice, whe 
ke, when they ſitte in Coun 


a ſouldier forthe Heignis 
et he may not doe that wich 


n. Euery Dbhocmakersn 
ne, wearing their fhoes ber 
em he will ſurelp thinke e 


ing the foure and twentich of 
ped, and lape a ſhippebom 
uld this dax, and that day to 
eee 
0 eteene day at 
to doe: and about the fit 
i bt, the Pylotdeß 
reupon doe were in gen 


wala 


b deuile bowe to efcape the 
3, were in our dumps 3 Cod 
can e 
anta: and pon 

to the light of Candis 
, vntillthe eight and chen 
me, betauſe J wag an Eug⸗ 
einthe middeſt of the Se, 
, truely it may well be, fy 
u pour felueg alſo, as Ade 
the ſermon being done. 1 
ad tolde the Frier bimlelle, 
b, opels it were not pollibl 
ed, that we ener * 
vnchniſtian opintons: 

when they lad che pporell 


énehe thippe and he ubm 
bu eherne: 400 
beno€ God che Mather oct 
0 God of bis dum, 18 


Daten 3 ‘ arene 
after: unte g 


Laurence Méerfey. ofthe Englifh nation. 


nig pat they Cent the purſer about wich the imagt of our L. adie to euery one to kiſſt, and A pers 
tt went another way front him, and would not ler it: pet at lat be fetched bis courte about, 
se became to me, and offertn it to me as he did to ochers,but I refulen it: whirupan there was 
act tic the patron and all the frier were tolde of it. and euerp one faid J was a L ucheran, and 
fo callen mie t but two ol the frier chat were of greatelt autbonitie ſermev co beare me better good 
nil chen che reff, and r melled to the patron in my behalt, and made all well againe, 
Che ſecond day oi 
rude, and like bealtn, and na better, they eat their meat liting vpon the ground, uuth the yz 
postcode Wa len cher beds op he mot par be ham ones, hut pet Come i hen baue Cape 
mattracts 


toliebpon, 
Upon thurſday the right of Auguet we came to Toppa in a ſmall barke, which we hyꝛed berwixt Joypa. 


and Salina, and could not be fuffered to come on land till noone the next day, aud then 


j „ 
ipere permitted bp the great Dalbha, hn fase upon the copof u bill co fee bs lentawap. 
cmon ian, he might not enter into any boufe * were to 2 8 


aur om mouiſſon, and that which we bo ugbtto carp with vs was taken from vs. J — 
efttirops, which I bought at Uenite to ferwe me in my tourney, and trying to make them fit foꝛ 
me, when the Baths ſaw me vp befone the reſt of the compante, he fent one to diſmount me, and to 
frike ur, whereupon J turned me to the Bath, and made a lung legge, faping, Grand inercye 


Sei after a while we were hoꝛſed vpon litle affes, and fent away, with about fiftie light 
att be our couduct though che wilderneſſe, called Deſerta falix, who made vs good {port 
by che way mib them pches, gunnes, and fauching, ' 


Chae day, being . Laurence day, we came to Rama, which is tenne Italian miles from Tops Kama, 


ga, and there we fayed that night, and payed ta the captaine of the cattell , cuerp mana chekin, 
Hithis ſeuen thillngs and two pence ſterling. Do then we had a new gard of ſouldiers, and left 


bes we in at Rama, bad a doore ſo loin to enter into, that I was faine to creepe 
in ia it were vpon my and within it are ther roomes to lodge trauellers chat come that way: 


there are no beds, man bup a mat, and lay it on the ground, that is all the pꝛouiſion, with 
out ſoles or benches co ft von. Dur victualles were brought vs out of the tonne, as hennes, 
head, great ftone of fruite, as pomaranets, figges. grapes, opinges, and ſuch ithe, and 
eee Che cowne it {elfe is (o ruinated, that I cake it rather to be a heape 
nes then a towne. N 
Chen the next moꝛning we thought to haue gone away, but we could not be permitted that day, 
fo we taped there till two of the clocke the next moming, and then with a freth gard of ſouldterg 


ne departed toward Jeruſalem. Me had not ridden flue Engliſt miles, but we were incountrer 


titha great number ofthe Atabiaus, who ſtayed bs, and would not ſuller vs to paſſe till they had Froopes of 
fomewhat, ſa it cot vs fo; all our gard aboue twentie fillings a man betwixt Joppa and Jeru⸗ . A= 


lum. Theſe Arabians troubled vs often times. Dur Cruchman that payed the money for uvs 
toas ſtricken do wne ur ad his head boken becaule he would not giue them as much as they af 
bed: and they that aue reſcued boch him and vs, ood Mill, and durſt doe nothing, which 
bas to our cott. ; 

Being come w. 


leaue our hozſes, and go on fhote to the tonne, and being come to the gates, there they tooke our 
names, and our fathers names, and fo me were permitted to go to our lodgings, 

The gouernoꝛ of the houle met vs a mile out ofthetowne, and very curteoutlp bade vs all wel⸗ 
com, and bought vs to the monaſterie. Thegatts of the citie are all couered with pron, the ens 
trattee into the houſe of che Chyiſtians, is a very low and narrow dope, bard op plated with pron, 
amb chen come we into a very darke entry: the place is a monaſtery: there we lay, and dieted of free 
alt we fared reaſanable well. che bꝛead and wine was excellent good the chambers cleane, and all 
the meat well ſerued in, with cleane linnen. 

Me lap at che monaſterie two dayes, friday and faturday, and then we went to Bethlem with 
twaonchnee of the kriers of the houle with vs: in the way thither we ſaw many monuments, as: 


inthe Lions denne. 

Ade fountaine ofthe prophet Jeremie. ast 

eee went to Bethlemto voꝛſbip Chritt, where ta a fom: 
n a Being 


Che niountaine where the Angell cooke vp Abacucke by the haire,and brought bim to Daniel ment an 
falem, 


2 we arriued in Crus at acetune callen sp itlagh che people there nz. 


4 
„ sbt0€ Zerutalem, the manceisco kneete powne, ang gine Govthankess, Wis egen 
wort hach pleaten vun to ming bs to chat holy place tubere be himſelfe had beene sand there we Jenn. 


182 


Inuentio ſanctæ crucis, there the wood was foundthat made the crofle, 


5 Helen 
Sa 


Rr 


um. 


The voyages and diſcoueries Laurence Alderfey 


Being comeco Berblem welnto che place where Chu was bone, which sum ach ew 
FFF place is built with gray marble, and hath bm ere 
full, but: it is Ci le ’ ; . * e 
“Cet ei imran ee fepuicine of Paulo Zeruny, of Se 
andol Eu 8. P ; 4 * Crip 
Allo alistefromebis monattericis a place vnder the ground, where the vin Mary abode wap agut, 
Chitt when Deron ſought him, to veftrop him. f 4 D 
. Mle Raped at Bethlem that night, and the next day we went from cyrsice to the mountaines of 


Audea, which are about eight miles from Jerulalem, where are the ruines of an olde monattrry, 
e ee to Jeruſalem is che place where John Vaptiſt was tome, 
being now an olde monaſterie, and cattle kept in it. Alſa a mile from Jeruſalem is a place cala 


titie ol Jeruſalem we fatw the hall where Plat fat in iudgement when Chu was 
re 0 


where ty 
virgin was bome. 
Chest the pifcina g fipooie wherethe ficke folkes were healen, which is by che walli 
of Jeruſalem, but the poole is now dax. 5 


The mountof Caluaria is a great within the doore thereof, which is litle, aud bam 
with pron, and fine great holes in it to loo ke in, like the holes of tauerne doo zes in London, theylt 
chat are appointed to receine our money with a carpet vuder them vpon a bauke o ſtone, andthen 
legs a croile lite tailoꝛs: hauing paid our monen, we are permitted to go into the church: rigite 
gainſt che church pore is the graue where Chit was buried, with a great long ſtone uf white mw 
ble ouerit, and railed about, che outſide of the ſepulchze is very foule, by meanes chat euery un 
ſcrapes his name and marke vpon it. and is ill kept. f 

lithin the ſepulchꝛe is a partition, and in the further part thereokis a place like an altat, when 
they lay maſſe, and at the booze thereof is the unte whereupon the angell lat when he ſaldto arp, 
He is tiſen, which ſtone was alfo rowled to the doohe ofthe ſepulchꝛe. 

The altar one with the fepulchre is of white marble, the place ablfo conteiue but fonte pen 
ſans, tight auerthe ſepulchne is a deuileo lanterue fop light, and ouer that a great louer, ſuch as ae 
in England in ancient houſes. There is allo the chapell of the ſepulchꝛe, and in che mids therm 
F wich a great ſoꝛt ol Eſtringe egges hanging at it, with tafiviget 

aud lamps. N 5 
Behinde the ſepulchꝛe is a litle chapell fe; the Chaldeans and Dmiang, 

Uponthe right hand conuning into che church is the combeof Baldwine king of France, andi 
his lonne: and in the fame place the tombe of elchiledech. 0 

There is a chapell alſo in the lame church erected to D. Helen, though which we go vptothe 
place where Clift was crutiſied: the ſtapꝛes are fftie ſteps high chere are two altars in it: bel 
the bigh altar is the place where the croſſe ſtood the hole whereofis trimmed about with luer, nn 
the depth of it is halfe a mans arme deepe: the rent alfo of the mountaine there to be ſeene i 
creuis whereof a man may put his arme. f a a 

Upon the other five of the mount ok Caluarie is the place where Aha. could haue ſarridie 
his ſonne. Cihere allo is a chapell, and the place paued wich ſtones of Din... ours, 

There is alſo the houſe of Amas the high pꝛielt, and the Oliue tree whereunto Chpitt was bois 
when he was whipt. Alſothe houſe of Calphas, and by it the pꝛiſon where Chyiſt was kept, uhich 
is but the roome ok one man, and hath no light but the opening of the booze, 

THithout Jerulalem in the vallie ol Jolaphat, is a church vnder the ground, like to the fours 
in Paules, where the ſepulclne of che virgin Mary isethe Tapes be very bꝛoad, and vpon the Hayes 
going downe are two ſepulchzes: bpon the left hand lieth Jolaphat, and vpon the rig he hand lin 
Joachpm and Ama the father and mother of the virgin Mary. ö 

Going out of the valley of Joſaphat, we came to mount Oliuet, where Cipitt pꝛaied vnto bisl 
ther befoze his death: and there is to be ſeene (as they tolde me) the water and bloud that tell from 
the epes of Chit, A litle higher vpon the fame mount is the place where the A poſt les llept, and 
watched not. At the foot of the mount is the place where Chin was immiſoned. 

Upon the mountaine alſo is che place where Chꝛiſt tood when he wet ouer Jeruſalem, us 
wbere he aſcended into heauen. Te 

Nam hauing ſeene all theſe monuments, J with my rompany fet from Jeruſalem, the 20a 
ol Augutt. and came againeto Joppathe 22 ofthe fame moneth, tobere we tooke ſbipping pretently 
fo Tripolis, ¢ in 4 Dapes tue came to Metin the plate here che (hips lie that tome for 6 


urence Alder|ey, 


me, which is nom a chapel 
ray marble, — ba 


puicine of paulaf hmm, 
ber tuch arp abode th 


tyxute to the mountaines ut 
uines of an olde monafterie, 


fic, ’ 

ment when Chptt was cons 
henre is the boule tobere de 
caled, which is bp the wilt 


cof, which is litle, aud barten 
u Doo LES in London, they fe 
na baue ok ſtone, andthen 
o go into the church: rinks 
reat long fone of white man 
, by meanes that euery man 


is a place like an altat, hene 
ell fat when he fat co Muy 


abl lo conteine but foure pe 
that a great louer, {uch as ne 
che, and in che mids ther 
ging at it, with taſleisel 


iang, 
wine kiug of France, dit 


pouch wbich we wo vptoche 
te are two altars init: bet 
edabout with ſtuer nn 
nine there tu be ſeene liche 


nx, could hatte facrifies 
Dit... ours. 

whereunto Chpitt was boil 
where Chyiſt was kept which 


Negtdund bew the throws 
Pry doad, and bpon the faypes 
and vpon the right hand li 


ere Ciꝑiſt praied onto bist 

5 ater and bloud that tell from 
where the Apoſtles llept, and 
impziſoned. 


0 
1 


from Jeruſalem, the 20 Dap 
we tooke ſbipping petty 
pe Wether come toy Coe 


Locher Mderfey. ofthe Englith nation. 


a Che atie of Tripolis is a mile and a halfe within the land, fo that no ſhip tan come further then T 


e wept ouer Jeruſalem u 


lo that night J came thither, where J lap nine dapes fup paſcage, and at Lal we imbarked 

feluesin a good thip of Uenite called the new Naue Ragafona. Tie eutted the ſhip the fecond 

of ber, che fourth we let ſaile, the ſeuenth we tame to Salina. which is 140 miles from 

Eripolisithere w. ſtayed foure dapes to take in moze lading in which meane time J fell ſicke of an 
but retouered againe, J pꝛaiſe God. 


183 


Salina is a ruinated citie, and was deſtroyed by the Turke ten pecres paſt: there are in it now Sauna 


nut kuenteene perlons, women and childycn, A litle from this citie of Salina, is a {ale piece of 
geound,tobere the water groweth fale that raineth vpon it. c i 
Churldaythe 21 ot September, we came to Millagh, and there we Taped eight dayeg for moꝛe 


Willagh a 
towne m 


lining: the 18 of September before we tame to Miſlagh, and within ten miles of the towne, as we Eppius. 


favatanranker, berauſe che winde was contrarie, there came a great boat full of menta bood bs, 
thep made an ex uſeto ſerke fop foure men which (they laid) our ſhipye had taken from theirs abour 
Cripolis,butour captaine would not fifferanp ok them to come in tous. 

Che next moming they came to vs againe wich a great gally mãned wich 500 men at the lealt, 
whereupon our captaine ſent the boat to them with twelue men to know their plealure: they ſaid 
they fought foure men, and therekoze would catke wich our maiſter: fo chen the maiſters mate as 
entthem, and him the p kept, and went their wayꝛ the next mopning thep came againe wich hum and 
with ther other gallies, and then would needes ſpeake with our captaine, who went to them in a 

of crimfon damalke, and other very haue apparell, and fue op lire ocher gentlemen richlie 
allo appurelled. They hauing the Turks fate conduct ſhewed it to the captaine of the gallies, and 
ludtt pon his head charging him co obey it: fo with much adoe, and with the gift ol 100 pices of 
golde we were quit o them, and had cur man againe. . i . 

Chat day as alchelaid, we tame to Millagh, and chere ſtayed eight dapes, and at laſt departen 
towards Candie, with a {cant winde. i ae Ue 

The 11 dapof October we were booded with foure gallies, manned with 1200 men, which 
aifo made a ſlerueleſſe arrant, aud troubled vs very much, but our captaines pafport and the gilt of 
roa thebins diſcharged all. st 


Candie. 


Che 27 of October we palled hy Jante with a merry winde, the 29 by Corfu an the third ol Lanta. 
Amenber we arriued at Eliria, aud there we left cur great ſhip, and tooke finall boats to bing vs enria. 


tt Genice,. : , 
Che o of Nouember J arrined againe at Uenice in good health, where J ſtaid nine dapes and 
chez y of the fame moneth J cameto Auguſta, and ſtaid there but one dav, 


The 27 of Nouember J {et cowards prorat where J came the 29, and there ſtapedtill 


the 9 of December, and was very well interteined of the Engliſh merchants there: and the gouer⸗ 
ins olthe to wne fent me and my company ſixteene gallons of excellent good wine. 

> From thence J went to Frankfozd, from Frannkozd to Collen, from Collen to Arnam, from 
gam to Entrige. from Entrige to Dort, from Dore to Antwerpe from Antwerpe to Fluſbing, 
from Fluſhiug to London, where J arriued vpon Twelfe tue in ſafetie ,¢ gaue thanks to God, ha⸗ 
pring finithen my tourney to Jerulalem e home againe, in the ſpare or nine moneths and liue dapeg. 


The Quicenies letter to the Great Turke 158 2, written in com- 
mendafin of M. Harebrowne when he was font e Ambaſſadour. ost 


Pre LIZABETH &c. Auguſtiſſimo inuictiſſimoque principi, Sc. Cum ad poſtula- 

um voſtrum Cæſatea veſtra Maieſtas anno faluatoris noſtri jeſu 1 5 80, pacis fœ- 

aas nobifcum pepigerit, coniunctum eum liberaliffima priuilegiorum re 
1 


vn me liberi- 


a conceſſione, quotum beneficio ſubditi hoſtri cum omni ſecuritate tuti 

miq; ad miuerſas & fingulas Muſulmanici imperij veſtri partes terra matiq́; proficiſei, in ijſq́; 

commercij exercendi gratia, nepotiari, habitare, manere, exinded; ire & redire eim volent 

en ab ijs qui ſub Cæſarea veftra Maĩeſtate in magiſtratu ſunt vbig; locorum protegendi 
efendendig; fine vila vel corporum,vel bonctũ læſione: nos tantæ conceſſionis shots 

gratum ae ceptumq́; habentes, quantum in nobis eſt, approbamus confirmamũſq;: pollicentes 


in verbo regio, quod nos eandeim pacem fine vila violatione fartam tectamq́; conſeruabimus: 


faciemifq; vt ſlbditi noſtri priuilegiorũ ſibi indultorum conceſſione ita vtantur, vt Cælaream 
veſtram Maieſtatem mapnificentiffime ſuæ liberalitatis nunquam pcenitete queat. Quomam 
autem conceſſionis huius virtus in vſu potids quam verbis, Maieſtatis vtritifq; noſtrum fenten- 
tid,ponenda videtut, volulmus func mandatarium virum Guilielmum Harebroume, ex ſatelli- 
tibus quibus ad corporis noſtri tutelam vtimur vnum, virum compluribus virtutibus ornatum, 
9 2 


Qa ad 


ripolis in 
Spila. 


184 The voyages and diſcoueries Te letters, 


. William 
arebiowne 
nt ambaſſa⸗ 

bor to the 

Curke, 


vt eius opera vteremur ad eam ſubditorum noltrorum mercimoniorum rationeim ftabiliédam 
tam in Imperiali veſtra ciuitate Conftantinopoli, quam alijs imperij veſtri Mufulmanici locis, 

uz ex præſcripto priuilegiorum Cæſareæ veltræ Maieſtatis benignitate conceditur, & ex viu 
ren vtriũſq; noſtrum erit. Ad quam rem quoniam opus illi erit Cæſareæ veſtræ Maic. 
ſtatis authoritate, ſumma contentione ab eadem rogamus, velit id agere apud omnes qui fub 
ſe in magiftratu ſunt, vt quibuſcunq́; poterunt melioribus modis huic noſtro map datorio in 
Cæſareę veſtrę Maieſtatis placito exequendo, adiutores fine & effe velint. Ei enim hanc curam 
demandauimus, in qua quam fidem ſuam ſit honeſte hberaturus erga Maieſtatem vtriũſq; no. 
ſtrũ neutiquam dubitamus : cui etiam, vt in omnibus fint obtemperantes noſtri ſubditi quan. 
tum Cæſareæ veſttæ Maieſtatis conceffio patitur, volumus, Præterea, cum præclarus vir Mu- 
ftafafacre Cæſateæ veſtræ Maieſtatis Mufulmannorum interpres egregiam nauarit operam 
yt hoc inter nos foedus fieret, rogamus ſummopere vt in noftram gratiam eum in Muftafarg, 
carum ordinem Cæſarea veſtra Maieftas recipere dignetur. Si in his alijfq; omnibus honeftis 
cauſis hic noſter agens fubditiq; noſtri Imperatoriæ veſtræ ſublimitatis æquanimitatem ſenſe. 
rint,florebit inter has gentes nobile commercium, & nos omnibus officijs huic veſtrę Maieftas 
tis fauori & beneuolentiæ (ſi vlla ratione rebus veſtris commodare poterimus) reſpondere l. 
bentiffime ſemper paratæ erimus. Deus optimus maximus mundi opifex, &. 

q The fame in Engli(h. 

Lizabeth by the grace of the moſt mighty God and onelp creat of heauen and earth of Et 
Flad, teanceans tin Queene, the malt inuincible and moſt mighty defender of the chy 
ſtian faith agaiuſt all kinde of idolatries of all chat live among the Chpiftians and falflp profette the 
name of Chit, onto che moſt Imperiall ¢ moſt inuincible prince, Sultan Murad Chan, che nul 
mightie ruler ol the kingdome of Turkie ſole aboue all and molt ſouereigne Monarch of the Gat 
Enpire greeting. shat fos: 2 : 

Aheras at our requett your Imperlall Maieſtie in the peere of our Bauioꝛ Fels 1 580, hah 
entred into a league ot peace with vs, whereunto was vnited a moſt large ¢ bountifull grant ofcer 
teine pꝛiuileges . by benefit wherok our fubiects map with all ſerurity molt ſafely and freely traurl 
bylea and land into all and ſingular parts of pour uſulmanlike Empire, and in the fame ext 
ſing the trade of merchandize map traffike, dwell, remaine, depart fromthence, and returne thither 
at their pleaſure, and in all places be mainteined ¢ Defended from all damage of bodies and goods 
by {uchag are in authozitie vnder pour Imperiall Maieſtie: we thankefully ¢ gratefullp recciuim 
the benefit offo great a pʒiuilege, as much as in vs lieth do appꝛoue & confirme the fame,momifing 
in the woꝛd of a pꝛince, that we will keepe the ſaid league perfect and inuiolalſle, and will cauſe out 
fubiects fo tobfe the grant of the ꝑꝛiuileges giuen vnto them, as pour Imperial Mateſtie hall ne 
uer haue occafion to repent pou of pour moſt princely liberality. And becauſe the force of this avant, 
in the iudgement of both our Maieſties, ſeemeth rather to conſiſt inthe vie cherof,chen in the words, 
we thought good to fend vnto your Imperial Mateſty this our ambaſſadoʒ William Harcbwwur, 
one ofthe elquires of our bodie, which both on our behalfe ſhould yteld thanks onto pour Maiely, 
and allo that we might bfe his god indeuoꝛ fo the eftablithing okluch opder in our fubierts trane 
of merchandise alwell in pour Impertall citie of Conſtantinople, as in other places of your Hu 
ſulmanlikke Empire, as according to 5 pꝛeſcript of the priutleges is granted by pour princely Ba 
ieſties goodneſle, and ſhalbe for the benefit of both our ſubiects. To performance wherof, becante he 
ſtandeth in need of pour Inperiall Maieſties authozitie, we earneſtly befecch the fame, that pou 
would caule all thole which be in authority vnder pour highneſſe, by all their beſt meanes to aite 
and allt this our amballadoꝛ in executing this pour Amperiall Aaieltics plealure, for vito him 
we haue committed this charge: wherin how honeſtly he will diſtharge his credit toward both our 
Maieſties, J uo whit tand in doubt: to whom allo our plealſure is that all our fubiects ſhalbe obe · 
dient, as far as the grant of pour Imperial! Maieſtie doch permit. -Horcouer, whereas thet woop 


ad Cælaream veſttam Maieſtatem ablegare, qui tum nomine noſtro vobis gratias ageret tym 


for thy perlonage Multafa pour Imperial M aieſties interpyetoz hath taken ſpeciall patnes fo the 


procuring ok this league betweene vs, we earneſipbelee · h pou that fop our fakes pour Imprriil 
Maieſtie would vouchlaleto aduante him vnto the degree of the Wattafaraks op chicfe pentioners, 
I inthele and in all other honeſt cauſeg our afopefai agent and our ſubiects ſhall finde pour Fite 
W eee tvaffike will florith betweene thefe nations, and we (if by any buy 
we may ſtand pour ſtate in ead) will alwayes molt willing lp be ready to requite this pour Baie 
fies fauc and good will with all kinde of good offices, Almighey Gonehe maker ol the vonn, 
pꝛeſerue and keepe pour Imperiall Maieſtie, c. e 


TheQa letter, 


— — 
ro vobis gratias ageret, tum 
rum rationeim ſtabiliẽ dam 
ij veſtri Muſulmanici locis, 
nitate conceditur, & ex yiy 
ierit Cæſareæ veltra Male. 
agere apud omnes qui ſub 

huic noſtro mardatotio in 
velint. Ei enim hanc curam 
ga Maieſtatem vtriuſq; no. 
erantes noſtri ſubditi quan. 
rea, cum præclarus vir Mu. 
egregiam nauarit opetam 
gratiam eum in Muſtafars. 
his alij £4; omnibus honeſti 
atis æquanimitatem ſenſe. 
officijs huic veftre Maiefta. 
= poterimus) reſpondere li. 
opifex, &e. 


of heauen and earth of Et 
mighty defender ofthe Chis 
iſtians and falfly profete 
ultan Murad Chan, thenuũ 
eigne Monarch of the Gat 


r Dattion Jelus 1 580, hh 
rge e bountifull grant of cer: 
nolt ſafely and freely traue 
npire, and in the fame erertis 
nthence, and returne thither 
damage at bodies and goods 
efully ¢ gratefully recciuing 
onfirme the fame,promifing 
nuiolabſe, and will cauſe out 
— athe 
ecauſe ce of this grant, 
bie hero, then in the won 
ada Cilia Harebwinne, 
Dthanks vnto pour Matty; 
ch oder in pur lubierts tune 
in other places of your Bus 
ranted by pott princely Bee 
foꝛmance wherof, becauſe hy 
y befeech the fame, that you 
padl cher beſt meancs to ade 
ielties plealure, fop vnto hin 
ge bis credit toward both our 
it all our ſubiects ſhalbe obe | 
Jorouer, whereas thet woop 
taken ſpeciall paines fo the 
fo) our fakes pour Imperiil 
tafavaks op thicfe pentioners, 
ſubiects (hall finde pour Im 
tions, and we (if by any toa 
dy tu requite this pour Mid 
Gon che maker ok the worl, 


The 


" Paffeport of. Malta. of the Engliſh nation. 


Thepaſſeport made by the great Maifter of Malta Into the 
Bel ſbnen in the barke Reynolds. 1582. 


Reve Hugo de LonbenxVerdala, Dei gratia ſacræ domus hofpitalis ſancti lo- 

annis Hierofolimitani magifter humilis, pauperümque Ieſu Chrifti cuſtos, 

} vniuerſis & fingulis principibus eccleſiaſticis & ſecularibus, archiepifcopis, 

epiſcopis, ducibus, marchionibus, baronibus, nobilibus, capitaneis, vicedo- 

minis, præfectis, caſtellanis, admiralijs, & quibuſcunque triremium vel ali- 

7 orum nauigiorum patronis, ac ciuitatum rectoribus, poteſtatibus ac magiſtra- 

tibus, cæteriſque officialibus, & quibufctinque perfonis cuiuſuis dignitatis, gradus, ſtatus & 
conditionis fuerint, ybilibet locorum & terrarum conſtitutis, ſalutem. 

Notum facimus & in verbo veritatis atteſtamur, come nel meſe di Maggio proffime paſſato le 
wefregalere vennero dal viaggio di Barberia, done habendo mandato per foccorrere a vngalionetto 
deChriftiani che banca dato trauerſo in quelle parti, eſſendo arriuati ſopra questa ifola alla parte de 
ponente trouarono Una naue Ingliſa, ſapra cargo de eſſail magnifico Gtonanni Neale, & Dauid Fill) 
patrono, volendo lareconofcere che naue faſſe, ban viftoyche fe metteua in ordine per defender fi, dubi- 
tando che dette noffre galere foffero de inimics : & per che vn marinaro, rinoltofe contra la volonta de 
deni magnifico Gionani Keale & Dauid Filly, habbitivato vn tiro di artiglieria verſo vna de dette 
galere, & che non ſe amangnana la vela dela Maieftra fecondo la volonta de detti magnifica Gio- 
nanni Keale & Dauid Filly patrono,fu rimenſata detta nane nel preſente general porto di Malta,fe- 
condol ordine del venerando generale de e, Ceſſendo qua, monfignor Inguifitore ha impe- 
dia quella per conto del fantto offfcio, c fi diede parte alla ſantita di noftro fignor Gregorio papa xii, 
ala fin fulicenciata per andi ſene al {uo viaggio. Han don ꝙ; humilmente fupplicatodetts magnifi- 
coGuonanni Keale & Dauid Filly per nome & parte dell magnifict Edwardo Oſburn fenatore &. 
Richard Staper merchanti Ingle( della nobile citta di Londra, & anco di Thomafo Wilkinfon ſcri- 
wano,pilots,nocheri, & marinari.gli voleffimo dare le noktre lettere patente &. ſaluo condurto, accio 
chepotranno andare & ritornare quando gli parera commodo con alcuna roba & mercantia a loro 
lenuſta r ſi come noi, effendocofa giuſta & che retornera commoda a noſtra relligione & a quefti for- 
reſteni per tenor de li preſenti fe gli labiamo conceſſe con le conditione per ò infra ſeritte. videlicet: 

Che ogm volta che detti mercadanti con ſopradetta naue o con altra non porteranno mercantie de 
contra band & che conſtara per fede authentica & con lettere patente de ſanita poteran liberalmen- 
1e victualiarſe de tutte le vitluarie neceſſame, & praticare in queftaiſola & dominy,c poi partirſene 
c ſegure ſuo viaggio per dome voleſſero in lenante o altroue, come tutti altri vaſelli & Spectalmente 
de Franceſi & altri nationi, & di vendere e comprare qual fi voglia mercantia a loro benuiſta. 

Item, che potera portare poluere de canone & di archibufo,falnitro,carboni di petra roſetta, plati- 
ve derame, tagno, acci ale, ferro, cariſee commune, tela groſſa bianca per far tende de galere, balle de 


fero dt calibro, petre de molino fine, arbore & antenne de galere, baſtardi & alteri. Et:in concluſone, 


hanendovifto che loro per il * che reſtarano qua, fi portorno da fideli & Catholici Chriftiani, & 
che ſus ſankiira habbia trouato bono il ſalus condutto del gran Turi a loro conceſſo, per iltimor della 
armata Turke[ca & di altri vaſelli de inimici, inherendo alla volonta di ſua fantlita, & maffime per 
che hanerade andare & paſſare per dinerfi lochi & tanto lontani come Ingilterra, Flandra, & tutti 
parti di pnnente, & in altroue, a noi ha parſo farle le preſente noffre lottere patente come fidele conuer- 
fatore noſtro, accio piu fecuramente &. ſenſa obftaculopoffa andare & ritornare quando j parera con 
detianaus o con altre: a loro benuiſia. Per tanto donque tutti & ciaſcun di voi ſudetti affectuoſa- 
nente ene per qual ſi voglia de voſtra iuriſclitione, alla quale detto magnifico Giouani Reale 
& Dania fily a nome quo ſupra con la naue & marinari de detti loro principali oaltri caſchera, naui- 
Hart paſſare, & venire ficuramente, alla libera, ſenſa alcuno diſturbo o altro impedimento li laſciate, 
& facciate laſciare ſtare, & paſſare, tornare, & quando li parera partire, talmente che per amore & 
contemplattone noftra il detto magmfico Gronanni keale a nome quo ſupra con le naue, marinari, & 
mercantia non babbi difficulta, faſtidio & ritentione alcuna anzi ſe gli dia ogni agiuto & fuuore, coſa 
degva di voi giuſta, & a noi gratiffima de recumpenſaruila con ugnale & maggtor ſeruitio, quando 
dilboccafione ne ſaremo rechieſti. Et finalmente command ummo a tutti & qual ſi vogla relligiofi 
& frati de nostra relligione di qual ſi voglia conditione,grado C. ſtato che ſaQano, & a tutti riceuitori c 
Nocmratori nostri in tutti & qual ſi uoglia priorati noftri deputati & deputandi in vertu di ſauta obe. 
dintia, & a tutti noſtri vaflalls & alla giserifditione di noftra reiligione foggetti, che in tale & per tale 
tenghino & reputino il detto magnifico Gionanni keale a nome vt ſupra, naue, marinars, & mercan- 
tiaſenſa permettere, che nel detto ſuo viaggio, o in alcumaltro laogo fa moleftato, o in qual fi voglia 
f 23 manera 


186 The voyages and diſcoueries ‘Papportof Mata, 


manera impedito,anzi tutte le cofe fie, men loro ſian da voi agiontati & continuamente faurin 
Incuineres teftimonisin Bulla noftra magiftralis in cera nigra prafentsbues eſt impreſſa. Date Me, 
lita in connentu noftro die duodecimo Menfis Jul. 1 5 8 2. : 


q The fame in Englifh. 


Fi Duro of Loubeux Uerdala by che grace of God, maiſter olthe holy boule, the hotpicatt a 
S. John at Jeruſalem, and an humble keeper of the pore of Jeſus Chpitt,to all c euerp pin 
ecclefiatticall ¢ lecular, archbilhops, btlbops, Dukes, Marqueſes, Barons, Capte mies, Ui 

Maiozs, Caſtellanes, Admerals, and whatſoeuer patrons of mall boats, op other greater hing 
and gouernozs of cities, potentates and magiſtrat es, and to other officers and perſons whatſbeuer, 
ol what dignitie, degree, Race and condition oeuer they be, dwelling in all plates and landes 

eting. N P 

Oe Toahete knoluue and in the woꝛd oftryeth voe witneſſe that in the moneth of Map tatt pat, 
dur gallies came on the voyage from Barbarie, where hauing cummandement to ſucco alitle tip 
okthe Chrittiang which was dꝛiuen ouer into that part, being arriued vpon this illand on the Tien 
part they folid one Englith hip vnder the charge of the worhipfull John Keele, and Dauid Fi 
ite maiſter: ¢ our men twilling to knolu what Hep it was, they ſeemed to put themſelues in oder 
for their defence, doubting that the laid our gallies were of the enemies, and therefore one mariner 
revolted contrary to the will of the wozſhipfull John Reele. and Dauid Fillie maiſter, and had thoe 
off a piece of artillerie againſt one of the {aid gallies, and becaufe the would not ftrike amaine her 
faile,accopbing to the will ofthe ſaid woꝛſhipful John Keele and Dauid Fille matter, the fain thip 
was brought backe againe onto the pꝛeſent port of Malta, accopding to the oder of the teuere ge 
nerall ofthe ſaid gallies: and in being there, maiſter Jnquiſitoz ſtaid it by authopitie ok the holp of 


fice, and in that behalle by che holineſſe of our Lord pope Gregoꝛy the thirteenth in the end was lb 


cenfedto depart on her voyage. They cherfoze the fard woꝛſbipfull John Keele, and Dauid Fille, 
in the name and behalke of the worthipfull maiſter Edward Olburne alderman, and Richard Sem 
per Englith merchants of the noble citie of Londũ haue humblie beſought together with Thomas 
Milkinlon che purſer, pilots, maiſter and mariners, that we would giue our letters patente 


a. 
late conducts, that they might go and returne, when they (hall fee oppoztunitie, with their god 


and merchandizet at their pleafure stohereupon the thing ſeeming vnto vs intt and that it might be 
for che profit of our religion, and of thele ſtrangers, by the tenoꝛ oftheſe pꝛelents we haue graute 
the fame to them: pet, with the conditions hereunder mitten. viz. 

That euerytime the ſaid merchants of the ſaid (hip, oz wich any other ſhall not briny ſuch mer 
chandize as is foꝛbidden, and that bp ſuffictent pꝛoofe, and letters teſtimoniall it appeareth that they 
are free from the infections of the plague, they may victuall themſelues with all neceſſarie victuals, 
and traffike with vs, and in this iſland and dominion, and afterward may depart, and follow theit 
voyage whither they wil into the Leuant op els where, as all other veſſelg and efpecially of France 
and other nations do and fell and buy whatſoeuer merchandize they ſhall thinke good. 

Item, that they may hing powder for cannon and harquebuth, laltpeeter, cole of Pewrallle, 
plates of lattin, tine ſleele, pon, common karfies white, courſe canuas to make ſaile fon thegallieg 
balles of pron fo? thot, fine milſtones, trees and maſts fo rallies Jide and others, and in conclution, 
hauing feene that they for the time ok their abode heere, did behaus chemſelues like faithfull and 
catholike Chꝛiſtians. and that bis ho lineſſe hath allowed the ſafeconduct of the great Turke to them 
granted ko; feare ofthe Curkith armie, and other velſels ok the enemie, lubmitting our feluesto 
the plealures ok his holineſſe, and elpeciallp becauſe our people haue occafion to paſſe by diners 
places ſo farreoff, as England, Flanders, and all parts IMeſtwards, and in other places, ve haue 
bouchfaten to make theſe our latters patents, as to our faithkull trafficant, fo as more ſurely, and 
without let they may go and returne when they ſhall thinke good, withthe fain ſhip oz with others 
at their pleaſure : we therefore pray all and euery of pour ſubiects effectuouflp that by what part fo» 
euer of pour iurifdiction, vnto the which the ſaid woꝛſhipſull John Keele, and Dauid Fillie by 
name abouefaid, with the ſhip and mariners of the ſaid principal place o other. (hall haue accel, 
ſaile, and palſe, and come ſafely with libertie without any diſturbance oz other impediment, that pou 
giue leaue, and tauſe leaue to be giuen that they may palſe, ſcay and returne, and when they pleat, 
depart, in ſuch fore that for our loue and contentation the laid wozſhipfull John Keele, with the hip 
and mariners haue no let. hinderance, oz retention, alfo that pou giue all helpe and fauoz, a thing 
vnthie of vour iuſtice, and to vs moſt acceptable, to be recompenced with equall and greater led 
uice, when bpon occaſion it ſhalbe required. Aa 


© ERSSSREEe el 


port of Malta; 


— 
& contmuamente fanoriti, 
un off ampreſſa. Date Me 


holy houſe, the holpitall of 
Chit, all c euery prince 
ons, Capte mies, Uicelonds, 
oats, oz other greater fips 
rs and perfons whatſbeuet, 
g in all places and landes 


he monethof Map laſt pat, 
ndement to ſuccoꝛ a litle ſhip 
pon this illand on the Ten 
ohn Keele, and Dauid Fü⸗ 
d to put themſelues in onder 
3, and therefore one mariner 
Fillie maiſter, and had hoe 
would not ſtrike amaine her 
DF illic matſter, the ſaid thip 
the opder of the rcuerend ge, 
by authoꝛitie of the bolpof: 


thirteenth, in che end wal i 


ar Krele, and Dauid Fillic, 
erman, aud Richard Ste 
abt together with Thoma 


sue our letters patents, us 


portunitic, with theit goods 
vs inſt, and that it might be 
fe pꝛelents we haue granten 


her, ſhall not bring ſuch mers 
oniall it appeareth that thep 
with all neceſſarie victuals, 
Ap Depart, and follow heit 
ls and efpectallp of France 
all thinke good, 
tpecter, cole of Pewrallle, 
Bto make ſaile for the rallies, 
Dothers, and in conclufion, 
hemſelues like kaithfull and 
of the great Turke to them 
ie, ſubmitting our ſelues w 
te octaſion to pall by diners 
and in other places, ve haue 
cant, fo as moe ſurely, and 
the ſaid ſhip oz with others 
tuo ully that by what part fo 
Keele, and Dauid Fillie by 
ce oz other, hall haue atceſte, 
other impediment, that yon 
e, and when they pleat, 
1 Foln Keele, wih the hip 
all belpe and fauon, a ching 
p with equall anv greater fer 


a M.Edward Cotton. of the Englifh nation. 


quodinally, tor commaund all, and whatlotuer religious people, anv iotbersof our religion, of 

cuer condition, degree, and Rate they be, and all our receiuers and mocuratoꝛs, in all and 

our pniozies deputed, and to be deyutod by vertue of che holy obedience, and all our peo · 

fle, am all that are ſubiert to the iurildiction of our religion, chat in, and by the ſame they bold, and 

reputetbe fayd wopthipfull Iohn Keele m the name ag aboueſayd, the hippe, mariners, and meri 

ife, without let in the fame their voiage, oz in any other place, that they be not moleſted, no} 

in my wile hindered but that in all their tauſes and hulmeſſe they be of pou holpen, and furthered 

continually, In wituelle thereof, our ſeale of gouerment is impꝛeſſed to thefe pꝛeſents in blacke 
hurt. Ginen at Malta in our Conuent, che twelfth of the moneth ol July, in the peare, 1582. 


Certayneremembrances of an intended voyage to Braſill, and the 

Kier of Plate, by the Edward Cotton, a ſbippe of M. Edward Cottons of 

Southhampton, which perifhed through extreme negligence neere Rio 
grande in Ginnie the 17. of Iuly, 15 8 3. 


Rticles of Couenants agreed vpon between Edward Cotton efquier, owner ofthe good thip 
Aualanche Edward Cotton of Southhampton, and of all the merchandizes in her laden of the 
one part, and William Huddie gentleman, captaine of the ſaid chip. Iohn Hooper his lieutenant, 
John Fofter matter, Hugh Smith Pilat fo the whole voiage, and William Cheeſman merchant, 

other part. 
ie D D obferuc and keep the daily onder of Common pꝛaier aboord the thip,¢ the com⸗ 
Sikes, panic co be called thereunto, atthe leaſt once in the day, to be ponouncedopenty, 
tem, chat they be ready with the firſt faire wind, to {et ſaile and ſailes in the 

* voiage, and not to put into anp porto? harbour, but being forcibly con ſtrained by 
neither on other apparant and vrgent caufe, 

3 Item chat they take in, at o about the Alles ol Cape Verde, to the quantitie of 25. 03 30. 
tunes of lalt. to be imploied among other the onners merchãdtze, at Santos, & D. Vincents to his 


_ nly behoofe, x the reſt of the ſalt, ſo much as ſhall be needed koꝛ victuall, and fon ſauing of the hives 


tobe kept abo x the fame fate to be pꝛouided either at the fifhermens hands nere the laid Illes fop 

trucke of cömadities o els to be taken in at the afopeſaid Illes, at the vilcretion of cheabouenamen, 

4 Item vpon the vue performance ofthis votage, the owner bindeth himſelfe by this derde, to 

peeld into any ſuch of the company. as thall retuſe their ſhares befoze they de part from the coaſt of 

alſuigle ſhare fo the dutie of the whole voyage, maling not aboue 75. ſhares 
e 


5 Item the comp amy accoꝛving as they be appointed by che officers ok the fayd thippe abouen a 
mid hall at all times be as well readie to doe their painfull inveuop, not onelp aboopd, but in all las 
hours at the lad, accopbing to the direction giuen by the aboue named officers, vpon paine of for: 
keiture of their ſhares and wages the fame to be deuided amongſt the rompany. 

6 Geom, that the (hares be taken at their returne out of all the trate oile, and hives of the ſeales, 
md ot all other commodities gotten by their handie labour, and of the lalt that ſhall be vended and 
other commodities at, oꝛneere the coatt of Bꝛalüll to allom after 9. li the tunne freight, whereof one 
third to goe to the companie. f 

7 Jem that if any man ſhall practife by anp deuiſe oz deuiſes wuhatſoeuer, to alter the voyage 
from the true purpole and intent of the owner, vz. to maketheir lirſt port at Santos, and S. Vin- 
cents, ind there to reuictuall and teaffike,aud from thence to the riuer o Plate, to make their voy⸗ 

bythetraine, and hide of the ſealeg, with ſuchother commodities as are there to be had, accoy 
bn esthe owner, wich diners that haue gouernment in che laid ſlip, are bound to her highnes by 
theilt deeds obligatozie in great ſummen, that all ſuch practifers vpon due poofe made, (hall toofe 
heir whole intertainment due by ſhꝛres oz otherwiſe koꝛ this laid votage to be adiudged by the cap: 
menen them atthe leaſt, whereof the Cape 

one, a 

8 Jem chat the pinnefle be ready at all times to ſerue the merchants turne vpon his demaund. 
totake in wares and cummoditie g and to carp and recarp to, and from the thor, when, and as oft ag 
5 hall bee, and to giue due attendanceat the merchaunt and merchaunts direction, during the 


voyage. : 
9 Item chat no headoꝛ chiefe officer being fet dotune for (uch an officer vnder the hand ol the 
aner iat the going to lea of the ſaid ſhiꝑ ſhall op map be diſplaced from his laid place op office, with 
ont 


8 The voyages and difcoueries M. Edw. 2 


out great cauſe, and bis mildemeanoꝛ to be adiudged by the captaine aud his lieutenant ehe matter, 
the Pylot, and the merchant, oj by the confenc of 3. of them at the leaf, N 

io Itemchat vpon the returne of the hip co the coattof England che matter and Pilot pit nit 
into anp porte on harbour, tothe Meſtward of Bouthhampton, but forced by weather, dy (uch 
like vrgent caufe, 5 


William Huddie. Iohn Foſter. 
Iohn Hooper. William Cheefinan, 
Hugh Smith. 


A direction as well for the Captaine, and other my friends of 
the fhipy ar efpecially for VVilliam Chee/man Merchant, We the voyage 
to the Riuer of Plate. 0 0 


C pour comming to the File ot S. Sebaſtian, vpon the coaſt of Brafill; you thall accoy: 


Gis 


ef dug co pour Difcretions,make fale of ſuch commoditics,as you may thinke will be there 
si) 4 about well vented, and like wiſe to buy commodities without making longer May there 


we then pour victuals bee pꝛouiding, but rather to beſpeake commodities againſt pour re, 
turne from the river of Plate, eſpetiallp of Amber, Sugar, Greene ginger, Cotton TWiooll, and 
ſome quantitie of the peppers of the tountrey there. Alſo fop arats and Munkies, and the beat 
called Serraboſa. Alto pou ſhall barrell vp of the beefe called Petune, two o; thee barrels, and w 
lole no good opoztunitie to gather of the Indian figs, and the graines ol them to pꝛelerue zie, in 
ſuth quantitie as conuentently may be done: and touching the making of the traine, and peſeruing 
ofthe hides, J leaue it wholy to the oꝛder and the dilcretion ofthe chiefe of the company. Alfo chat 
in any toad where the hip ſhall ride vpon the coaſt of America, that triall be made with the duagg, 
for the pearle Ditters, and che fame beuig taken, to be opened and ſearched fo; pearle in the prefence 
ofthe Captaine, his licutenant, the matter, the pylot, and merchaunt, oz thee ofthem, whereofthe 
Captame op his lieutenant to be one, and to remaine in the cuſtodie of the Captaine and merchant, 
vnder two lockes either of them to haue a key to his obne locke, and that a true inuentoꝛe be delis 
uered alſo to the matter and pilot af the (apd parle op other iewels of price gotten in the ſayd yop: 
age to the intent that no pattie be dekraudev ok his due, aud that no concealment bee made ofany 
{uch thing vpon lozfeiture, the partie ta lole his ſhare and dutie fop the voyage that (hal fo conceale 
and not reucaleit onto the officers aboue named. Allo to doe pour beſt indeuour tu try fop the belt 
Dre ok gold. ſiluer, oꝛ other rich mettals whatſoeuer. Foꝛget not allo to bring the kernels ¢ fers 
of ſtrange plants with you, the Palmito with his fruite iuclaſed in him. Serue God, keepe good 
watch, and tand alwayes vpon your gard. 


Edward Cotton. 


Thee things being thus oꝛdered, and the thip of the burden of 260. tunnes, with 83. men ol 
all fortes furniſhed, and fully appointed for che voyage, began to fet faile from Hurſt Caftle vy 
on Friday the 20,0f May, Anno 15 83. and the 17. day of July enſuing, fell with the coatt of 
Guinie, to take in frech water, where, though mere diſſolute negligence, (hee perifhed spon « 
land, with the moft part of the men in her, as appeareth by the conkelſton of one that efcaped, the 
{ubttance and tenoz mherrok is this. 


The confeſſion of William Bends, Maſters Mate in the Edward 
Cotton, the 2 1. / October, An. 1 5 8 4. 


Hs faith chat the 17. day of Julp, Anno 5 8 3. hauing fame lacke ok freth water, they put 
wome vpon the coat ofGuinie, where they were fet vpon a land about 8, leagues from the 
ſhohe, and this E xaminate with 29. more, got into che pinnelle, who arriued in an Illand being de⸗ 
ſolateol people, and fine miles in compaſle, where they reſted 18, dayes though force of weathet, 
not hauing els to cate but gralle. The reſt ofthe company, the tip being ſplitted in two, and in 
quarters, wot them into one of the after quarters, and by the helpe of raftes came allo a tone tut 
another Aland, neereto Rio grande, where they all died as he ſuppoleth. 8 
The other 30. in the pinnelle, at the eu ok 18. dapeg, depatted chat Illand, and came to aint 


SH Domingo, 


D NN 
497 lieutenant ehe matter, 


ie matter and pilot 
ned by weather, mf 


Tohn Foſter. 
William Cheefinan, 


other my friends of 
irchant, *. the Voyage 


ſt ok Braſill, pou ſhall 
me map thinke will be ther 
t making longer fay there 
mmodities againſt pour tes 
iger, Cotton Cool, anv 
nd Munkies, and the beat 
two oz tinec barrels, and to 
of them to pꝛeſerue die, in 
tel the traine,and preferuing 
cof the company, Alſo that 
iallbe made with the drags, 
d for pearle in the pretence 
op thecofthent, whereofthe 
be Captaine and merchant, 
at a true inuentoꝛe be deli 
price gotten in the ſayd bop: 
ncealment bee made of am 
bopage that (hal fo conceale 
ſt indeuour to try for the bet 
to bring the kernels ¢ {eeng 
Serue God, keepe good 


Edward Cotton. 


>, tunnes, with 8 3. men of 
faile from Hurſt Cattle vy 
aſuing, fell with the coaſt ol 
gente, ſhee periſhed vpon a 
ſion of one that eſcaped, the 


late in the Edward 


ckeok freth water, they put 
d about 8, leagues from the 
riued in an Illand being de: 
es thwugh force of weather, 
ing ſplitted in two, and in 
raftes came allo a Cone tito 


ſeth. 5 
Aland, and came to Daint 
Domingo, 


M. Edw. Cotton, | 


Faſſeport of Argier. otthe Engliſh nation. 189 


eee eee o GD DD ¶ 
Domingo, where comming on ſhode they were taken of the Moores, aud ſtripped naked. Andthey ab emia 
buried one Coxe an old man alive, uotwithſtauding his pitilull lamentation and ſkrikings: the man buried 
retthauing Rice end water allowedthent, lined there a tertainetime. This Craminate wag at sme ore 
{ait folnto a Woztingall, with whom he dwelt the ſpate al a quarter of a peere, and in the end a Noz Kio grande nt 
all Carueli comming thither, bis mater laded the fame with Negroes, and he obtained leaue OH 

til his matter to gve in the fame Caruell and by that meanes arriued at Lil boue, and fromehence 

came into England the 17. of October, 1 5 8 4. leauing behind him of his company aliue, Richard 

Hacker, John Baker, Iohn Mathe w, aud a bop, with tun others which were gone beyond S. Do- 

mingoes: all which, as he faith, we re fo licke and diſeaſed, chat he iudgeth them to be long before 

this time deau. 0 i : 8 


The paſſeport in Italian granted to Thomas Shingleton Englifh- 
man,by the king of Algier. 15 8 3. athe 

Oi Aſam BafoaVicere & lochotenente e capitan dellaiurifdstione de Algier do- 
niamo e concediamo libero faluo condutto a Thomas Shingleton mercadaute, cle 
poffi con ſuo vaffello e marinari de che natione fe flano, e mercadantia di qual ſi vo- 
glia natione, andare & venire, e negotiare, e contrattare liberamẽte in queſta citta 
de Algier & altri lochi de la nostra iuriſditune cofi di ponente come di Feuante: & 
coſt anchora commandiamo al capitan di mare di Algier & d aliri loch: de naſira 
iarifditione Rai de Vaffelli & capitani de Lenante, ci altri capitani di vaffells tanto groffi como pi 
choli,fs commanda a qual fivoglia,che tronaudo il fopradetto Thomas Shingleton Ingleſe nelli ma- 
vidi Gm, Francia, Napoli, Calabria, e Sardigna con ſuo vaffelloe mercantia, cy hominide chena- 
hioni fifiano non ih deb bia moleftare.ne prggliate,wetoccare cofa de neſſunas manera tanto didenare, 
conve di qual ſi vaglia altra rob ba, forte la pena e di grama ai perdi ia uuta & la robba: Et pen quan- 
tobasete a caro la gratia del Gran Signor noftropatrang Soltan Murates Ottomano, Jo laſcigrete 
auleys per ſus cumino fonza dargh neſſamo impedimantoi Dato in i ir noſtro reg gio Palaxxo, 
llato del noſtra regg io figillo,e fermatodellagran fers, & ſcritto del nostro reggio Secretario il 

j 23, de lenaro, 1 8 3. ies Teun eevee ern, 


cee EE 


22 Ped gre si A Comola muy alta y potentiffima magefled del Gran 88 
Senor tiene hecho articulos de prinsdegios con la Serenifima Magefladsetinefiva 

f Reyna d Inglatierra, para los vaffallas delia poder libremente yr y lulu pura 
SS par mar j tierra en let dominios defupotentifima Adagefiad, Como laclara pa. 
reſce por los dichos articulos, deche‘embiamosel trathado al Senor Inan.Tipton 


WS ‘mnefire 


~~. > n aay 
— 2 aw. — = = 
— MS tre — — 


— ————⏑˖[ꝑ tsv —— 
, 


190 The voyages and diſcoueries ACotesof Argier, 


An Engliſh 
ſhip ſuniſte by 
two gallies 
ol *rgrer, 


nnettro commiſſaris para lo mueftrar avoftra Altexa, Contrael tenor de los quales articulos por du 
galeras de ſu ciudad de Argier ba ido hechadoal fondo en la mar vm des nnefiros nantos qus venia d 
Petras, que es en la Morea, cargado ds corintesy otras option e fe compraron, y lu na 
de la gente della matados y abogados en lamar : yel resto eſtan detemidos por efclinos: cofa My Cone 
traria a lot dichos pci 4 sy prinilegios. Qus es occafion, que por eſto ſapplicamos avoftra Altera 
many humilmente,que,pues que la potentiffimamagestad del Gram Senor es ferutda nos fauureſcer pw 
(os dichos articulos,tambien feafernidavofira Altexaaffiftirnes en ellos otorgandonos por voftraan. 
e ainday fauor, fegun que eſperamos, para que predan eſſar libres,y boſuer para aca aquclu 
pobres hombres anſi hechos eſelauos, como dicho es. Tanſi miſmo, qus mande voftra Altera dar onde 
a las capitanes maeſtreiy gente de las galeras, que nos de xen de aqui adelante haxer nneftro trafice 
con feysnaos cada ano para Turquia a los dominios del Gran Senor a pax ya ſalus, por nocotrariarg 
los dichosnueftros prinslegios; Llenando cala una de nueſtras dic hau maot por ſeconaſcer vn Salto 
condutto de ſu alta & potentiffima magestad, Y cox . tan fenallada merced y fanor que ex 
efforefciberemos, quedaremos nofotros con grandiffima obligation avoftra Alte xa de feruirlapor el. 
lo, fegan que el dicho Senor Iuan Tipton, 4 quien nos reportamos de todo lo demas,mejor informeras 
voftra Altera: Cuya fereniffima perfonay eftado fipplicamos y pidimos a Dios omnipotente proppere 
7 Lereſcente con todafelestad y bonra. De lacindad de Londres a los veynte dias de Julio del mily 


quinientosy ochenta y quatro annos. 
Al feruitic de vw tra. AlteCa por yen nombre diode 
los tratantesen Tur qu, Ie el de Lendres, 
7 : Ie 4 . 


q The fame in Englifh. 


Ren and mightie king, 8 „ BG AIAG , N 

May it pleaſe your highnelle to vnderſtand, that the moſt high and moſt mightie maieſtie of 
the Grand Signor hath confirmed certaine articles of pꝛiuiledges with the mo excellent maieſti 
of our Queene of England chat her ſubieces may freely go and tome, and trafique by fea and land 
in che Dominions of his moſt mightie maieſtte as appeareth moze at large bp the {aid articles hy 
ol we haue ſenethe copy vnto 9p, John Tipton dur Sommiſſarie, to ſhew the lame vnto pour high 
nelle. Againt the cenop of which atticles, one of our fips which came from Petras which is in Mo. 
rea, laden withcurrants and other merchandizes which were bought in thole partes, was ſuulhe by 
2. gallies of pour citie of Argier, and the nber ofthe men thereol were laine and dow 
ned in the ſea the relidue being detained as ſigues: An arte verp contrary ta the meaning of the » 


fozeſaid articles and e eee 


neſſe very humbly, that {hice it hath plealed che moſt mightie maieſtie ofthe Grand Cignor to f 
uour vs with chefapn puuiledges, it would pleale your bighnelle in like maner to allilt vs in che 
lime graneing vs by pour aut hontie, out aide and favour, accopding as our hope is, chat chet 
Poore men fo detained in captiuitie. as is afaeſaid. may be fet at libertie, and returueè into theit wum 
trey. And likewiſe that pour highneſſe would {end to giue order to the captaines, matters and pros 
ple ok pour gallies, that from hencefdonth they would fuffer bs to bie our eraffique with fis thippes 
peerelp into Carkie onto the dominions ofthe Grand Signor in peace and ſafetie that they doe not 
wit hand thoſe our {aid pꝛiuiledges, euery one of our forefain hips carping wichchem a 

of his mot high and molt mighti maieſtie ta be knowen by. And fopthat pour ſo lingular fauoue 
and curteſie which in lo doing we ſhall rereiue, we on out part wich all bounden duetie vnto pour 
higtnette, will lecke to honour pou in that behalbe, accoyding. ag che laid maſter Iohn Tipton (d 
whom we rekerre our ſelues touching all other citrumſtances) thatl moe at large enfozme pit 
higbnelle, whofe moſt exellent perfon and eftate, we pꝛay and befeech almightic God to pofper 


and increaſe with all kelicitie and honour. Fromthe Citie of London che 20. of Julp, 1584. 


f , Atthe feruice of your highneſſe, ſor and in the name of 
r 2722 5 dw bole õ r ing into ie, I Mai ' 
PTH ya ion, ehe Maiotol 


* 


Notes concerning the trade of Argier. 
be money chat is coed in Argier is a piece of gold called Afiano, aud Doublaes, and 
two Doublaes make an Anne Jout the Doubls m on, fp allebings bee folde by 
ooublaes, which Double is fiftie of there Afpers there. 
ewe eng, Che Aſperthere is not ſo good by halfe and more, as that in Conſtantinople: for the 
Chekin of goldof the Turkes made at Conttantinople, is at Argics worth an hundꝛed and fitie 


Alpers aud at Conſtantinople it is but 66,Atpers, cx 


ie los quales articulos por des 
nneflros mantos qus veniado 
alla fe compraron, y las mag 
por efclanos: cofa mW) Cone 
pplicamos avoftra cAltexs 
es fermtda nos fauureſcer 
otorgandonos por voftra au. 
enn boluer paraacaa 

nde voftra Altera dav order 
ante haxer nneftro trafice 
Ly 4 ſalus, por no cotrariarg 
40s por ſecanoſcer vn fala 
ada mercedy fanor ane ex 
4 Alte xa de ſeruirla por al. 
lo demau, mejor informera a 
Dios omnipotente proſpere 
peynte dias de Iulio dei mil} 


475 AlteCa per y en nombre dy io 


Tur qu, Ie el de Londyes 
' Tua Oben, 


N eee of 
he moſt excellent maictie 
d traffique bp fea and land 
bp pe aati 

the fame vnto pour high 
om Petras which is in Mo. 
thole partes, was funke bp 
reol were laine and dow 
to the meaning of the » 
enes we beſtech pour high 
the Grand Cignor to fe 
e maner to alſiſt vs in the 


unden duetie vnto pour 
ymafter Iohn Tipton ( 
ne at Large enfoꝛme 


ier. 


jano, aud Doublaes, and 
to all things bee ſolde by 


n Conſtantinople: for the 
dorth an hundꝛed and fittie 


Che 


Notes of Ar gien 


Notes of Alenanaria. of the Engliſh nation. 191 


€he piltolet and roials of place are moſt currant there. 

Che lud pittoler gocth for 1 50. Algern there: and eee 
shrewrimes is Colo fo) rope ag men need them to carp bp into Curkie, 

” @heit Aſianos and doublaes are pieces of toutſe gold, month here but 40, fillings che vince, 
fo the me is currant in no plate of Turkie out of the kingdome of Argier, neither the Aſpers, fo 
ehatchep be lelle then others be,fop they coine themin Argier. 5 
rammen is inward 10. per ceutum, to the Curke,to be paid ol the commoditie ce cuttome. 
it ſhall be rated. 
2 tuſtome to the Elemine,ofone ¢ an halle per centum, which is to the Zuttice 
ofthe Chpittians : the goods for this cultome art rated as thep are for the kings cultome. 
Having pat cuſtome inwards pou pap none outwards fo} any commoditic chat pou doe lade, 
mx chen a retoard to the gate keepers. 
The waigdt there is callen a Cantate fop fine wares,as mettals relined and ſpices, gt. which is Cde warnte. 
120 li. libtil. 
Wr lun vine, ad Lea, (von, and ſuch grolſe wares are fold by a great Cantare, which is 
faite as big againe i ſo itis 180 li. ſubtil of ours here. 

Chemeature of cue is by a mealure called a Curtia, which is about 4, buthels of our meas Tbe meatire, 
fare, and come is plentifull there and good cheape, except when there happeneth a very dp pecre. 

Cheturest lodging for a Chittian chere, is in a Lewes houle: fon if he haue any hurt. the Few The ture 
an bi goods thall make it good, fo the Jem taketh great care of the Chiti and his goods chat Edit 
lech in bis boule, op feare of puniſhment. ö x 

An n called Thomas Williams, which is . Iohn Tiptons man, liethabcut trade of 
merchandise in the ftrecte talled The Soca of the Iewes. a 


Notes concerning the trade in Alexandria. 


5 Lexandria in Egypt is a free port, and when a man commeth within the Caftels, 
pnefentlp the Ermyn fends aboopd to haue one come and fpeake with him, to know 
what goods are abood: andthen he will fet guards abooꝛd the ſhippe to fee all che 
goods diſcharged. And then fromthe Ermine pou goe to the * Bye, onelyſꝝ that re oer 
de will inquire newes of port, and ſo from thence to the Conſuls houſe where pou l 
he. Che Uenetians haue a Conful themſlueg. But all other nations goe tothe French nations 
Contul, who bell giue pou a chamber foꝛ pour ſelues apart: it you will fo haue it. 

Thecuſdoms in ward of all connnodities are ten in the hundzed, and the cuſtome is paid in wates pies 
id that pou buy: fon the fame tare in barter pou pap alfo ten in the hundyeo,at the lading of the Eitome rou 
feared. But if you {ell fox money, you pay no more cuſtome but the ten afoꝛeſaid and one anda half Ba 
én he banden hhich és fon the cultome of the goods pow lade lun the fap money, for moze cuftorte ar on in the 
pou pap not. But fop all che money pou tring chicher,pou pay nothing foꝛ the cuftome of the ſame. bandied : and 
Gnd if pon fell pour wares fop money, and with che fame money buy wares, pou pay but tuo in the pon pap in 
eee if pou Reale any tuſtome, if it bee taken, pou pay double cus in toe hundued 
ftome fon that pou ſteale. 

The waight of Alexandria is called Pois Forforeine, which is a kintal in that place, which ma⸗ 
bethat Marfeils 109. li. of Marſeils waight, at 13. ounces the pound, which is 103. li. of 16. oun⸗ 
ter to the li. There is another waight called Pois Gerrin, which is 1 50. li. ol Marſeils waight, by 
which are fold all things to eate: but {pice is fold by the former waight. 

Ftom Alexandria to Cairo,is ttpee dayes iourney, but pou muſt cake a Janiſſarie with vou:and Cairo three 
w ee bpthicher by water it is 8, daye tourney, Roials ol Spaine are currant money there and are fromm Alcan” 
the belt money you can carp, And 4. rials are wooth 13. Medins, and 2. Medins, are 3. Alpers, dia bp tand. 
Pittolets and ctuumies of France, and Dollerg will goe, but of all Noials are beſt. 

Rice is noe permitted to goe out of the land, but is kept to a victuall. But wich a pꝛeſent to the 
Bye and Ermine f pafle, ; 

Al ſoxes of ſpites be garbled after the bargaine is made and they be Moores which pou deale 
bithall, which be good people and not ill diſpoſed. And after pou be ſearched ¢ haue leaue to paſſe, 
pou mutt pyeſentiy depart out of the poxt. and if pow doe not chey will ſearch pou againe. And pou 
mit depart in the day, fon in the night the caltles wil not ſufler you to depart, The dutie to the Con: 
lal is 2,in che hundyed fo his aide andmeate and dzinke andall. And the port of Alexandria is good 
hen one is within it wich good ankers and cables, Siluer is better currant then gold in Alexan- 
dtia ut boch are good. 

Commonly 


— —— I 
192 The voyages and diſcoueries Thcmas Sanders, 


Man doeth 


Commonly the Carauaus come thither in October from Mecca to Cairo, and from cheney 
Alexandria, wheruthe merchants bethat buy the ſpicen, and therefore the (pices ate haught mg 
to Alexandria, where each Chyiſtian nation remaineth at the Confuls houſen. Wet oftentimes tty 
Chꝛiſtiens go vp to Cairo to 8 other commoditits there as they {ee cauſe. And the com, 
mobities there vendible, are all ſuxes of kerſies but the molt part blrwes, and ok clothes all com 
except mingled colours and blacks, Pepper is vſunlly fold fo 24. durats the quintal, Gingerfy 
14. ducats. Dou muſt cake canuas to make bags to put pour conmobitic in from Alexandria, fy 
there is none. There is alfo fine llaxe, and good ttoze of Buffe hives, 5 


The voiage made to Tripolis in Barbarie, in the yeere 1554. wich 
a fhip called the Iefus, wherein the aduentures and diſtreſſes of fome En. 


lifhmen are truly reported, ind other neceffaric circumſtances obierued. Written by 
homas Sanders. 


72 bis voiage was let foorch by the right wo li plull ir Edward Ofburne knight, 
chiefe merchant ok allthe Turkiſh compaup, and ane matter Richard Stapers the 
ſhip being of the burthen ok one hundzedtunne called the Iefus the mas builded at 
Farmne à tiuer bp Portſmouth. The owners were matter Thomas Thomſon, 
Nicholas Carnabie, and Iohn Gilman. The matter (onder God) was one 22 

a cheus Hellier of Black · wall, and his Mate was one Richard Morris of that 
place: their Pilot was one Anthony Ierado a French man, of the prouince of Maſſils: the 
purſer was one William Thomfon our otmers formesthe merchants factors were Romane Son- 
nings,a Ftenchman, and Richard Skegs ſeruant vnta the ſaid matter Stapers. The owners were 
bound vnto the merchants by charter partie there one thoufand markes, that the ſayd thip 
by Gods permillion ſbould goe fo Tripolis in Barbarie, that is to fap, irſt from Porteſmouth tu 
Newhauen in Normandie, from thence to S. Lukar, otherwiſe called S. Lucas in Andelu- 
zia,and from thence to Tripolie, which is in the Catt part of Affrica, ſa to returne vnto London, 
But here ought euerp man to note and conliver the woꝛkes of our God that (many times) that 


1 man doth determine, God doch vifappoint, The faid matter hauing ſome occaſlon to goto Farmne, 


dilpole. 


tooke with him che pilot and the Burſer, and returning againe by meanes of a perrie of wind the 
boate whertin they were, was Downed, the ſaid mater, the purſer, and all the company: onely the 
{aid Pilot by experience in ſwimming ſaued himſelke: theſe were the beginnings ol our (owes, 
After which the fain matters Mate would not proceed in that voiage, and che owner hearing olthe 


u nem matter mil logtune, and the vnwillingnelſe of the matters Mate, did ſend downe one Richard Deimond, 


choſen. 


and thipped him loz matter, who did chute lo his Mate one Andrew Dier, and ſothe ſaid ſhip de 
parted on her voiage accopdinglp : that is to ſay, about the 16. of October, in An. 1584. the mate 
faile from Porteſmouth, andthe 18, day then next following (he arriued into Newhauen, where 


Nas: mer gur ſald laſt matter Demond hy afurteit dien. Che factors then appointed the {uid Andrew Pier 


e Jeſus 
arrined in 
Cripotis, 


being then matters Mate to be their matter forchat voiage, who did chuleto be his Mates the tuo 
quarter matters of the fame ſhip to wit, Peter Auſtine, ald Shillabey, and for purſer was (hipped 
one Richard Burges. Aſterward about the d. dap of Nouember, we made faile foothward, andby 
force of weather we were Niven backe againe into Porteſmouth, where we refrethed our bictuals 
and other necellaries, and then the wind came faire. A bout the 29. day then next following, wer der 
parted thence, and the firſt day of December by meanes of a contrary winde, me were duuen to 
Plimmouth. The 18. dap then next following, we made fooꝛthward againe. and bp foyre of weather 
we were dziuen to Fal mouth, where we remained vntil the firlt day of Januarieꝛat whichtime the 
bind coming faire, we departed thence e about the 20. day of the ſaid moneth we arriued ſafely at 
S. Lucas. And about the 9. dap of March next follo wing, we made ſaile from thence, and about the 
18. dap of the ſame moneth we came to Tripolis in Barbarie, where wee were very well interta⸗ 
ned bythe king of that country, and alfo ofthe commons. The commodities of that place are ſwerte 
oilesithe king there is a merchant and the rather ( willing to pꝛeferre bimfelf before bis commons) 
requeſted our {aid factoꝛs to traffique with him, and pomiſed them that ifchey would cake bis olle 
at his one price, they ſhould pap no maner of cuſtome, and they tooke of him certaine tunnes of 
oiles and afterward perceining that they might haue farre better cheape notwithſtanding the cw 
Homefree,thep deſired the king to licence them to take the oiles at the pleafure of his common, 
Ie eee whereunto the king would not agree, but was rather conta 
ted to abate his mice inſomuch chat the lattoꝛs bought all their oiles of the kings cuſtome free, and 
fo Laven the ſame aboozd. 1 


Keri 


21. 


1411121 


= 
2 


e 


Thomas Sander, 


Cairo, and from thencen 
. 
ther fee cauſt. And the = 
es, and of clothes all um 
icats the quintal, Gingerty 
tie in From Alexandria, fy 


e yeere 1584. wi 
2 


aces obicrued, Written by 


t Edward Ofburne 
maũer Richard Stapers,the 
the Ieſus ſbe magbuilnen at 
maſter Thomas Thomſon, 
r (under God) was one Za. 
ne Richard Morris of that 
e prouince ol Maſſils: the 
factoꝛs were Romane Son. 
Stapers. Che owners were 
markes, that the ſapd tip 
lirſt from Porteſmouth ty 
led S. Lucas in Andelu- 
fo to retumne vnto London, 
od that ( many times) what 
ie occaſiontogo to Farmne, 


anes of a pemiè of wind the 


inten the ſaid Andrew Dier 
uſeto be his Mates cherne 
and for purſer was thippen 
Abe faile loonthward, andbp 
ewe refrefhed our bictuals 


) 
ifthey would take his oiles 
of him certaine tunnes of 
we notwithſtanding the cw 
pleaſure of his commons, 


| Thomas Sanders. of the Engliſn nation. 


pons Aud fo the ſalde Factor, departed kram the king, aud came to 


hee thought that his pledge Fron e ot the 


qnthe meane time there came co that place one Miles Dickenſon, in a ſhippe of Briltow, who 
rogetber tnich our (aid F actors tooke a houfe to chemielues there. Dur Freuth Factq Romaine 
Sonnings Defived to buy a tu the macket aud wanting money, delice the ſaid Miles 
Dickenfon co lende lum an hundzed Chikinoes vrtill her came to his lodging, which ber did aud 

the ſame Sonnings at Sa e üreete, rete 17 aoe 
pp in a uayhin s ſaying. matter Dickenfon money that J boowed of you, 
1 bin bim den ehe lame: bee doubted nothing leſſe chen falthoone, which is ſeldone 
nuten among marchants, and {pecially being together in one houte,and is the moye detettable 
detweene Chridtians they being in Turkie among the heathen, The (ato Dickenſon did not tell 
theumney pretencly, vntill bee came to bis lodging, andthen Guding nine Chikinocs lacking of 
fis bmned, which was about chyee pounds, fop chat cuerp Chikinoe is wofth ſeuen ſhillinge of 
Eng ub money, he came to the ſaide Romaine Sonnings and Deliuered bim bis hamerchlete 
ud aſked him howe many Chikinoes hee had deliuered hint Sonnings anfwered, an hundned: 
Dickenſon fain no: and ſo they pꝛoteſted and fwore on both partes, But in the eude the ſaid Ro- 
maine Sonnings did [wenre Beepelp with deteſtabis ohen and curfes, and paped Gon that hee 
might ſhewe his wolkes on him, that other might take enſample thereby, and that hee might be 
like a dogge, aud neuer come into England againe, il hee did not deliver vntu the {aide 
Dickenſon an hundꝛed Chikinoes, And here beholde a notable example of all 8 
fers anv fiwearers, hom God rewarded him accoꝛdinglp: for mary times it commeth to paſſe, chat 
Gon lhewerh his miracles vpon ſuch monttrous blalphemers, to the infample of others, as nowe 
pereatter pou (hall here what befell to this Romaine Sonnings. N 
was a man in the ſaidtowne aplenge, whole name was Patrone Norado, who the pere 
eo done this Sonnings ſome pleaſure there. Che forefaide Patrone Norado was indeb⸗ 
unde Turke of that tolune. in the ſumme of foure hundzed and Giftie cro wirs, koz certaine 
nods feut by him into Chꝛiſtendome in a ſhippe of bis owne, and by bis owne brother, and him⸗ 
elle temained in Tripolis ag pledge, vntill his ſaide bothers returne: and, as the repom went 
there, after his brothers arriual into Chniſtendome, hee came among lewde companie, and loft his 
hothers ſaid ſhipye aud goods at dice, and neuer returned vnto him againe. 

Che {aide Patrone Norado being vonde of all hope, and finding nowe oppoꝛtunitie, canſul· 
ten twiththe ſalde Sonnings fo to Iwimme a feaboowe the Allands, and che ſhipye being then out 
il dunger ſbould take him in, (as after was confeſſed) and fo to goe to Tallowne in the prouince 
of Marfilis, with this Patrone Norado, audthere to take in the vet of his taping, 
The lippe being reavie the fir day of Pay, aud hauing her ſailes all abyoade, our ſayde 
Fattiys did take their leaue of the King. who very courtcoutlp bidde them kate well, and tuben 
they came abooꝛde, they cummaunded che Malter audthe companie hattelp to get out the ſhippe: 
the anflweren that it was vnpoſſible, for that the winde was contrarp and ouerblowed. 


Aim he required vs vpon forfeiture of our bandes, chat wee (ould doe our indeuoure to get her 


unt. Then went wee to warpe out the ſhippe, and pꝛeſently the king ſent a boate abooꝛde of 
iu With three men in her, commaunding the {aide Sonnings to come a thoare : at whoſe cam⸗ 
ming ehe king demaundevof him cultonte for the aples s Sonnings anſweren him that his high⸗ 
mull bad pꝛomiſed to deliuer them euſtome free. But notwithſtanding the king weighed nat 
dieſade promiſe, and as an inlidel that bath not che feare of God before his eyes, nop re garde of 
Wid toonde, albeit hee was a Ring hee tauled the aide Sonnings to pay the cuſtome to the vttet· 
md penie. And afterivarde willen him to make hatte awap, faping, that the Ianizaries moulde 
haue the ople athoare againe. F il f 

, Siete Janixaries fe ſouldiers there vnder the great Turke, ann their io is aboue ie 

aterſide, a 

ina boate to came a booꝛde, and hee bouche with him the fopefaio Patrone Norado, The 

tumpanie inqutficiue co know what man that was, Sonnings anfweren, ebat he was his counttep⸗ 
mana paſſenger: A pray God ſalde che conpanie, chat wer comme riot tuto trouble by this man, 
Then lad Sonnings angerly, what haue pou todo with any mattersof mine z if anp ching chance 
cehertule chen well, A mut anfiwereforall, . 

Aude the Turbe vnto whome this Parrone Norado mas indebted, milling him, 7 
Er hun tu bee abnonde of our ſhüppe ,) prelenclp went nto che bt 1 gt ate “a 
Senad a sn lah opty oreo fag opt 
hings tocome a ſboare, and not {peaking autp ching as the man, hee laide that h 
conte paefencty in his otone boate, but afloone ne eg wt Wanne reas oe 
eT yer : 2 


ee 


2 Böden 
tame to Tre 
polis, 


A confpivaciy 
practifed bp 
e fren 

#Factoj,to des 
reine a Tur⸗ 
kich mar⸗ 
chant of 450, 
trowues. 


22 


tro 
occation ot aif 
thetr uuſetit. 


194. The voyages and diſcoueries Thomas Sandepy, 


Chippe,andfaiv that he would fee the knaues hanged before hee would goe a ſbonre. And bey 
che g ſawe that bee came not a fhoare but ſtill continued warping away che ſhippe, he 
commaunned che gunner ol the bultoarke next vnto vs, to ſhoote cinee ſhootes without dale 
we tame all to che lade Sonnings, and athed of him what the matter was that we wert Mor a 
(aide that it was the lanizaries duo woulde haue the ople a ſhoate againe, and willed vs to mam 
halle away, and after chat hee n without ball, bee commaunden al ie 
nners in the towue to doe their indeuoute to like vs but che Turkilh gunners coulde net on 
bs, tuberefore the hing fent prefencty to the Banio : (this Banio is the prifon whereagay 
the taptiues lay at night) and pꝛomiled il chat there were any that coulde cicher ſinke vs, mel 
caufe vs to come in againe, he ſhould haue a hundded crotunes and his libertie. TUlith chat 
sore. ay £009¢H a Spaniard called Sebaftian, which had bene an olde feruitout in Flandero aud her fad hu 
bernd made vpon the perfourmance of chat pꝛomiſe, her woulde vndertahe either to linke vs. m to cauſt yp 
n tO come inagaite and thereto her twoulve gage bis life, and at the firt dhocte bee ſpltt our raden 
head in pieces and the fecond fhotte he rake vs vnder the water, aud the thirde ſhotte he Chote l 
through our foyemaſte with a Coluering Motte, and thus hee hauing rent boch our rudder n 
malte, and ſhotte vs vnder water, we wert inlozced to goe in agatne. 

Chis Sebaſtian fc all his diligence herein, had neither his libertie, nop an hunden crownes ſi 
proméfen by the ſaide king, but after his feruice done was committed againe to ppifon, whereby 
may appeare the regard that a Curke oꝛ infivel hath of his wond although be be able to performs 
it, ea moe, chough he be a king. ; 

Then our marchanes ſeeing no remedie, they together with flue of our companic wen! 
(hoare, and then they cealed footing, they thotte vnto vs in the whole, nine and thittie lde 
without the hurt of any man. N 

And when our marchants came a Hoare, the king commaumded prefently chat they wicht 
reft of our companie that were with them ſhould be chetned foure and loure, to a hundzed walgſeol 
pron,and when we tame in wich the (hip, there came pꝛeſently aboue an hundzed Curks abo 
of vs, and they learthed vs, and ftripe our very clothes from dur backes and thake open our chefs, 
aud made a (pople of all chat we had: and the Chpittian caitifes like wile that came aboowe alt, 
made ſpolle of out goods and vled vs as ill as the Curkesdid, And our matters mate hanings 
Gencua Bible in his band there came the kings chiefe gunner, and tooke it out from him, the 
ſhewer me of it, and J having the language, went prefentlp to the kings trealurer, and tolde hin 
of it, ſaying, that lich it was the will of God that wee ſhoulde fall into their handes, pet that thep 
could graunt vs to vſe our confciences to o otone dilcretion.as they fiftered the Spaniacdsam 
ether nations to bfecheirs, and he graunted vs: then I colve him chat che matter gunner hu 
ken away a Bible from one of our men: che Trealurer went prefenelp aud commaunden him 
deliuer vp the Bible againe, which he did:and within a litle after he tooke it front the managaine, 

a Seb and J (hementhe Creaſourer of it, and pretently hee commaunded him to deltuer it againes tap 

Biblefoy bis ing, thou villaine, wilt thou turne to Chyiſtianitie againe? for hee was a Renegado, whichivom 

Sede. chat irk was a Christian x attertoards becbmeth a Turke , and fo hee deliuered me the Bible he 

ſetond time. And then J se Soh my hand, the gunner came to mee, and ſpake theſt dumm 

laping, chou dogge⸗ wil haue the booke in deſpight of hee, and tookee it front me, ſaying; Tchm 

tellthe kings tre alurer of it any moꝛe by ahomet J will bee reuenged ol chee, Not withuln⸗ 

ding J went the chird time ito the kiugs Treaſurer, and tolde him of it, and he came with me, 

faping thus onto the gunner: by the heavof the great Curke, ik thou take it from him again, 

chou ſhalt haue an hundzed baſtenadoes. And forthwith he deliueren mee the booke, ſaping ber 

An tpat had had not the value of a pinne . ofthe ip, which was the begter fop bim, as hereafter yor 

fhareottbe | {hall hearertenthere was none, neither Chpittiannoy Tutke that tocke the value of a pennt 

, of out gvobs from be, but perithed böch bobie and goods within feuenteene monerhs follotins, 
as hereafter hall plainly appeare, ¢ 1H 15 

Then came the Guardian Batha whith is the keeper of che kings captines, to fetch v all 
ſhoare, and then J remembpine the miſerable eftace of poore diſtrellev captives, in the time of 
1 7085 to thole infipels, went to mine otune chelt, and cooke out thereof a iarre of oyle, an 

a baſket full of white Rutke to earie a ſhoare with mee, but before J came to the Banio,ty 
Curkith boyes had taken away almolt all ntp bead, and the keeper (aide, deliuer mee the ini 
ople, ann when chou cummeſt tu the Banio thou thal haue it againe, but A neuer ha itofbin 


mae. ne inden 
But ben cameta the Banio, and ſame dur murchunts and all the cett of dur compi in 
chunt al nme ecetu ee mere nba hem uche tnd ec bg 


Rana 


gte 


kek 


22 


en 


ums Sanders. ofthe Englith nation. 195 
neee 
95 eee el i an eee, Wr 


— one tu de arraignes, actops.anu the Maſters, and the hing **. 
Ge — — — — 


— 
Thomas Sanders, 
— — 
Wgoealhoare, And uin 
away the ſhuppe, he 

de without ball. 


the 
uch gunners coulde net on 
o is the prifon heren il 
ulde either ſinke vs, nell 
is libertie. Thieh chat came 
in Flanders and bee fase 
r to fluke vs. to cauſt yp ty 
Motte hee ſplit our aden 
the thirde ſhotte he torre og 
ng rent both our rudder im 


e, no an hundyed crotnes fo 
d 14 Me mrs 
ougb be be able to perform, 


jue. of our companic wen ! 
hole, nine and thirtie hoor, 


pꝛeſently thet they wichche 
eee 
e an hundzed Tu 

es and bake open our chell 
nile that came a boonde ofts, 
Dour matters mate hauing 
tooke it out from him, the 


— 


hep the Satter 
fent aan enen bis pardon ule 
8 ears . 
{ 9 as 
9 eee bim ite fame conte befope — 
2 eee eee 


ugs treaſurer, and tolde hin 

o cheir handes, pet that thep 

3 — ¢ tere patra ee ofthe peta fern of aer 

ma CL HAD Co 

i him te heey dee alt n vs, tho were in number fire and stventic, of the which, two 
aneurin Dap twe came. fhoare,bp — 
Amins Gon: ano che other thee anewenrie he condemmed flaues 


n nce, aun pake cheſt dum 

e sr ee = a luch int. 
all true b 

na blaſphemers, whorematters and runnagate C hyiſtians . dn e 

ise he open ae kg en Weck a N 


g. „ 
‘Dut fr co ewe our miferable bondage and . Euerm fe 
Intuance wer were tien, im t wery fue men bab alla meme but fiue D 


aner the booke, ſaying het 
for him, as hercatter yor 

ne che value ofa penntwah 
teene moneths follotwing 


anv 
together maith fouteftore Itallans and Spa- 


sto feteh opal f 
. sider — ane a Greekith Oanmoſel which cante into Arabia te kale 
which twas 0 fourtie 


captiurs, in the time of 


8 , but I mete ba tot 


the ten of an comnpanie it 
Y — waar 


196 The vayagesatiddifcoutries Fhomuis Sandeii, 


The Turkes 
winibed a 
church. 


Shyiftias 
82 9 


weeks 30. 
miles to fetch 
wood. 


_  Gightene 


the Gabe chercofthe 
—— 


betauſe J felt lame and my camel was tired, J left my wond in the war. 
There was in Tripolis that time a Venetian, whoſe name was Benede 


kaptines run ſtuenteene captiues more of his companie, which ranne away from Tripolis in a boate, and tun 


a wap from 
Sripatis, 


— 
meim 


in fight of an Ifland called Malta, which lieth fourtie leagues from Tripolis right Month aun be 
ing within a mile of the ſboare . very lalre weather, one of theit tompanie ſaid, In diſpetto de dio 
adeſſo venio a pilliar terta, which is as much to ſap: In the veſpite of Gon J thall nome fetch 


er. e 42 S with thunder and taine, and the winde 1 


their boate being very mal, lo than they were inlozted to beare vn roome, ta ſheare tight 

afone the winde ouer ag ainſt the coal ol Barbarie from. ihente they came, and ruwing vy an 
downe the coalt, their bictuals being ſpent, the 21. day after their departure they here iuſchetd 
through the want of food to come aſhoare, thinking to haue ſtolne ſome ſbeepe: but the Mooresii 
the tountrey very craſtily (perteiuing their intent) gathered together athpeetcore hoꝛſemen, un 
hid themlelueg behinde a fannie bill and when the Cinittians were tome alta ſboare. and pat tp 
halfe a mile into the comutrep, theMoones rove betwixt them and their boate, and {ome of then 
fare the Chrittiana, anak they were all taken aud brotght to Tripolis, frun whence they 
adbeforeefcapen s aug preſentlythe king rammmmden that the ſmeſaide Benedetto wich ur 
mone of his companie fhotte dale their eaten, and the ref to be malt cruelly beaten, ye * 


ap great then 
ath ol the towne to haut 
with them fouce piecesol h 


D we departed at eight of the 
15 dimaunded of one cin 
Oore in dux tompanie ui 
bare one off the uae 
eve thereabouts, as J wand 
away fram me not thinking 
felfe alone, Dart not call my 
ep holde this opinion, thun 
p felfe what were brit fopm 
meete with mee ch ey woude 
without ar wood cy comp 
A had to goe ſooꝛth to the ln 
4 to bee vᷣſen as before Ahn 

Tripolis and the ſaid ln 
e, and as God would haue it 
ne day sthere altogether wer 


ut pluckt it vp by trengthof 
together, a litle at one place 
> clocke that night flowin 
a. | 
Benedetto Venetiano, ams 
re eee 
ripolis right Month, andbe⸗ 
panie ſaid, In diſpetto de dio 
of Gon J hall no we feck 


r athdeelcme hoꝛſemen n 
Alt a ſboare. and pat dy 
eit boate, and {ome of them 
ripolis, fran whence they 
nefaide Benedetto with one 
F cruetlp beater, which wul 
preterdly 


Thomas Sanders. oft the Englith fepitti. 


the bignefle 
ſhould be loveninthat pla, 


helently bone, Chis king had a ſoune which was a ruler in an Alland called Gerbi, whereun⸗ 
Martiued an agli hip called the Greene Dragon, of the which was maſter one M. Blonket, 
tho hauing a very vnhappie boy in chat hippe, and vnderſtanding that whoſdener would turne 
Curde oul be well enterteined of the kings ſonne, chis bop did runne a ſhoare, and voluntarily 
tarned Turke. Shontly after the kings fonne came to Tripolis to ville his father. and ſeeing out 
companie,be greatly fancied Richard Burges our purſet, and Iames Smithsthep were both pong 
men,eherfone be was very deſitous co haue chem to turne Curkes, but chey would not pee lo co his 
pefite,fapiner, we ate pour fathers ſlaues, and aa ſlaues wee will ſerue him. Then his father the 
ging (ent kod them, and alked them ik they woulde turne Turke + and they ſalde: It it pleaſe pour 
pirhnes, Chyittians we were borne, and fo we wil remaine,¢ beſeeched the king that they might 
notbeinforcedthercunto, The king had there before in his houſe, a ſonne or a peoman ol dur 


Harenes guard, whom the kings (arte had infopced to turne Turke, his name was John Nelſon: The hg 
pineh: king cauled to be bꝛought to theſe pong men, and then ſaid vnto them: will not pou beare . ; 
chis pour countreyman company,andbe Turke as he is: and they lald that they would not peeld was tomera 
theteuntoduring like. But it fell out, that within a moneth after, the kings ſonne went home to one of tbe 
Gerbi againe, being fixe fcope miles from Tripolis, and taried our two foefaide pong men with delites gnard. 


him which were Richard Burges, ad Iames Smith sand after their departure from vs, they ſent 


pea lettre, ſgnikping that there was no biolence hewen vnto them as pet, but within tine dayes Turte. 


ittet they were violently bled, ko that the kings ſonne demaunded of them againe, if that they 
pouldturne Turke ? then anfwered Richard Burges, a Chpiftian I am, aud fo J will remaine. 
Then the kings forme very angerly ſaide vnto him: by Mahomet thou ſhalt pꝛeſently bee made 
Cutke. Then called hee for his men, and tommaunded them to make him Turke, and they did 
foand tirauntiſed him and would haue had him ſpeake the woes that thereunto belonged, But 
heaulwered chem ſtout ly that he would not: and although they had put on him the habite ofa 
Curke, yet (aid he, a Christian J was bome, and ſo J will remaine, though pou force mee to dot 


e. 

Andthen he called for the other, and conmtanved him to be made Turke perforce alfos but hee 
un very strong, fo) it was fo much as eight ofthe kings ſonnes men could doe to holde him, ſo in 
the ende they citcumtiled him, and made him Turke. Nod to paſle ouer a litle, and to to ſhewe the 
matter of our deliuerance out of that milerable captiuitie. a 

InPap aforelaiv, ſhotlp alter our apprehention, I wꝛote a letter into Englande vnto my fax 


therdwelling in Eauiſtoke in Deuonſhire, ſignifxing ‘onto him the whole eſtate of our talami· Engtitbmens 
ten and J wyote alſo to Conſtantinople to the Englich Emballadont, both which letters were PMO 


faithfully deltuered. Bue when my father had receiued my letter, and vnderſtoon the trueth of our 
milbapy,and the occaſton thereof, and what had happened to the offenders, he certifien the right hos 
noable the earle of Bedford therof, who in ſhozt {pace acquaincen her highnes with p whole cauſe 
thereot x her maieltie like a moſt mercifull pꝛincelle. centring her ſubiertg, pꝛeſently tooke oꝛder 
in out delluerante. Aherupon the right wodchipful ſir Edward Oſ burne knight, directed his lets 
trea with all {peeve to the Engliſh Emballavour in Conſtantinople, to nucure our deliuerie: 
adbeobteinen the great Turkes commiſſion, and ſent it foꝛthwith to Tripolis, by one maſter Ed- 
ward Barton, tagether with a Juftice of the great Turkes and one ſouldiour, and another Turke, 
ava Grecke which was his interpꝛetour, which could fpeake beſides Greeke, Turkiſh, Italian. 
Aae and Englich. And when theycame to Tripolis, they were well interteined, And the 
night they did lie in a raptaines houle in the towneꝛ all our companie that were in Tripolis, 
same that night for iop to maſter Barton andele other connmiſlionert to fee them. Then maſter 
Barton {aid vnto va, welcome my good counttepmen, and louingly intetteined vs, and at our Des 
from him he gaue vs two ſhillings and laide, ſerue God, fo? to mozrowe J hope pou {halk 

ag free as euer you were, Te all gaue himthankes and ſo departed, 
ye next day in the moming very early, the king hauing intelligence of their comming, ſent 
unde to the keeper; that none of the Englichmen (meaning our companie) thoulve goe to 
winke, Then hee ſent for matter Barton and the other commilſioners, and demaunved of the 
faite matter Barton his meſlage t the Juſtite anfiwered, that the great Carke his Douereigne 
had ſent them dito him; ſigniying that hee was iutoꝛmed that a certaine Eng liſh ſhippe called 
the leſus, was by him the fain king contiicacen, about twelut munechs linre, cin note my ſaide 
Somercignre hath here fent bis efpectall commiftion by bs santo you, for the veliuerance of che 
{aid Chip and goods, and alſa the frre liberate e deliuerance of the Engliſhmen ofthe tune ſlippe, 
whom vou haue taken aud kept inerptiuitic, And further the fame Futtice lade, J am author 
aby eee egen Carne toe & dont: Anosherefone I connnannde pou by 
; 3 > vertue 


197 


The voyages and diſcoueries Thomas Sanden, 


vertue of this commillion. prefentlpto make reſtitution of the memilſes oz the value thertol an 
fo did the Juſtices deliuer vnto the Ring the great Curkes commiflion co the effect aforefaire 
The enguſp : which commiion the Ring with all obedience receiueds and after the peruling of the fame, 
meDrelealee. Foye jthwith commaunded all the Englith captiues to bee bought befoze him, and then willethe 
keeper to trike off all our prons, which done, the Ring laide, Nou Englichnen, for that you dd 
offenve the lawes of this plate, by the fame lawes therefcde ſome of pour companie were conden 
ned to die as pou kuowe, and you to be perpetuall captiues during your liues: notwithſtanding 
ſeeing it hath pleaſed my ſouer eigne loꝛde the great Curke to pardon pour (aide offences aud 
giue vou your kreedome and libertie, beholde, here A make deliuery of vou to this Engliſh Gn 
tleman: fo bee deliuered vs all chat were there, being thirteene in nomber, to matter Barton h 
required allo thole two yong men which the kings ſonne had taken with him. Then the hing an. 
lwered that it was againſt their lawe to deliuer them for that they were turned Turkes: and tw 
ching the thip and goods the king ſaide that he had folde her, but would make reſtitution of the ve 
lue, and as nnich of the goods as came vnto his handes, and ſo the King arole and went to dinner, 


and commaunded a Tete to goe with maſter Barton and the other commiſſionerg, to there them 


their lodging, which was a houſe pꝛouided and appointed them by the ſaide king. And betauleg 
hadthe Italian and Spanith tongues, by which their mov trafique in that countre y is, Malter Bar. 
ton made mee his Cater to buy his victuals foꝛ him and his conpanie. and de liuered mee money 
needetull fo he fame, Thus were we fet at libertie the 28. day of Apꝛil. 1585. 
The plagurs Nowe to returne to the kings plagues aud punichments which Almightie God at his willun 
andprinth- plealure ſendeth vpon men in che light ok the woꝛlde, and like wie of the plagues that befell ks 
bappentb to childzen and others afozefain, Sirk when me were made hondmen . being the ſecund day of Bap 
the lug aud 1584. the Ring had 300, captiues, and befone the moneth was expired, there died of themoltht 
His people. pfague 150. And whereas there were 26. men of our companie, of whome two were hanged m 
one died the ſame dap that we were made bondllaues, that pꝛeſent moneth there died 9. nent 
Thekinglok our companie of the plague, t other two were forced to turne Turkes as before is rehearſed sam 
takenbp rhe” on the 4. dap of June next ful aming the king loll 1 50. camels, which were taken from him byte 
wud poores. wild Moores: and on the 28. day of the ſaid moncth of June, one Geffrey Maltees a rennegadoti 
Malta, ran away to his countrep, ¢ ſtole a Brigandine which the king had builded for to takerke 
Chziſtians withal, cariev wich him 12. Chiſtians moze which were the kinga captiues. Atter 


ward about the 10. day of July next folo wing, the king road foreh byon the greateſt xx faireſt me 


that might be ſeen as white as any ſwan: he had not ridden 40. pates fro his houſe, but on a ſudden 
the fame mare fell downe vnder him ſtarke dead, e A with 6. moze were commanded to bunte he 
fkinne, ſhoes and all, which we did. And about thee moneths after our deliuerie, Satter Barton, 
with all the reſidue of his companie, departed from Tripolie to Zante, in a befell, called a Set- 
tea, of one Marcus Segoorus, who dwelt in Zante, aud after our arriuallat Zante, wee rem 
ned 15. daies there, abooꝛd our veſſell, before wee could haue Platego (that is, leaue tu tome: 
ſhoare) becauſe the plague was in that place, from whence we tame: and about three dates alter, 
Cwo Engh. we tame a ſboare, thether tame another Settea of Marfills bound fox Conſtantinople. Thendd 
mu Genn. Maſter Barton, and his company, with two more of our cumpanp, thippe themſelues as palm 
nople with op, gers in the fame Settea, and went to Conſtantinople. But the other nine of vs that remained n 
warton, Zante, about three moneths after, thipt vur lelues in a ſhippe of the fain Marcus Segoorus, which 
fouldiers came to Zante; and was bound for d. In moneths, the fouldiers of Trip 
he 2 bound for Englan which three moneths, the fou k Tripolie 
Rüth amg. killed the Cain king. And then che kings ſonne atcuming tothe cultome there, went to Conſtaui 
nople, to ſurrender vp all his fathers treaſure, goods, captiues, and contubines, vnto the Gren 
Turke, and tooke with him our ſaid Purſſer, Richard Burges, and Iames Smith, and alſo the 
ther two Englilhmen, which he the fain kings forne had to become Curkes, as is nun 
laid. And they the laid Engliſhmen ſtuding now ſome oppoptunitie,concluden with the Chiſtim 
taptiues. which were going with them vnto Conſtantinople, being in number about one hun 
Dped and fiftie;co kill che kings ſonne, and all the Curken which were a boo of the Galley an 
pꝛiuily che fain Engliſhmen conneied onto the ſaid chuſtian captines; weapons for that purpoſt. 
And when they tame into the maine ſea, toward Conſtantinople (vpon the Faithfull: pꝛomiſe of 
the laid Chpitttan captiues) chele ure Englihmen lept ſubdenly into the Croſsia, that is, inte 
the middeſt of the Galley, where the canon lieth and wichtheir wonder in night again 
allthe forelain Turkes, and for want of helpe of the Laine Chyittian captinea, who falllic hake 
their pꝛomtſes, che ſaid Maſter Blonkets boy was killer, andche ſuide Tames Smith, andout 
Purller Richard Burges andthe deher Englübman, were taken and bound nto chaines, tobe 
hanged at their artiuall in Conftantinople: and as the Lomes will wa, about two daies — 
: 5 


SN — — 
miſſes 02 the value thereof n 
niflion to the effect aforefaire 
the peruling of the fame, 
efore him, and then willedthe 
Engiiſhmen, fog that you dd 
pout companie were condeny 
Pout liues: not withſtanding 
rdon pour ſaide offences ande 
p of pou to this Engliſh Gen 
omber, to maſter Barton, typ 
wich him. Then the king an 
mere turned Curkes sand toy 
uly make reſtitution okthe b 
Ring arole and went to dinner, 


commiſſioners, to ſhewe them 


che aide king. And betauleg 
that countrey is, Water Bar. 
anie and deliuered mee monty 
Apꝛil, 1 5 85. 

Almightie God at his will 
2 of the plagues that befell tis 
n. being the ſecond dap of Bap 
ired, there died of thenrofthe 
whome two were hanged and 
moneth there died 9. nto of 
es as before is rehearſed tan 
ch were taken krom him bythe 
ffrey Maltees,arennegadosf 
ing had builded fop to take the 
ere the kinga captiues. After 


pon the greateſt ¢ faiteſt mne 


s fro his houſe, but on a ſudden 
were commanded to burie hn 
dur deliuerie, Maſter Barton, 
inte, in a veſſell, called a Set 
rriuallat Zante, wee tema 
ego (that is, leaue tu cum: 
ꝛand about three dates after, 
2 Conftantinople. Thendd 
thippe themſelues as pattin 
per nine of vs that remained in 
fain Marcus Segoorus, which 
othe, the foulviers of Tripolie 
me there, went to Conftanti- 
dconcubines, vnto the Gren 
lames Smith, and alſothes 
o become Curkes, as is adm 
contluded with the Chyiſtim 
eing in number about one hun 
ere aboow of che Galley, an 
es, wenpong fon that purpoſe. 
open the kaithfull promise of 
into the Croſsia, that is, into 
pues in fiarbe aging 
an capciarn, who falilic but 
ſuite Tames Smith, and out 
nid bound tato chaines; tobe 
n was, about two daies after, 
pafling 


‘Thomas Sander, 1 Ne Quletters, ofthe Engliſn nation. 


foune,¢ ſbew 


rum optimum affluentia fœlices & foruingtpsanaos). H Hd 511"! 
Auguftifsime & porentifsime Imperator, biennioiam ge ce n Maie- 
att leripſimus, vt dilectus noſter famulus Guilielmus nurzyir ornatifsimis Pro lega- 
to noltro Conſtantinopoli, alijſque Muſulmanici imperij ditsonibus, fublimi veſtta auchorita- 
te reciperetur: ſimul etiam Angi ſubditi noſtri commercium & mercaturam, in émibus illis 
prouinciis exerceant, non minus liberè, quàm Galli, Poloni, Veneti, Germani, cæterique veſtri 
confoederati,qui varias. Orientis partes peragrant, operam nauantes, yt mutuis commerciis 
coniungatur Oriens cum Occidente. TH d ee Ey epg aR 
Que priuile gia, cum noſtris ſubditis Anglis inuictiſsima veſtra Maieſtas literis & diplomate 
ſuo liberaliſsimè indulſerit, facere non potujmus, quia quas maximas animus nofter capere 
poteſt gratias, eo nomingageremus: ſperantes fore, Vt hac inſtinna commerciorum catio max- 
aa moda vt in que, tam in imperil veſtri ditiones, quam regni noſhi prouin · 
Clasiscum adterat. hre pcie: „ tet t, i dca te 
Adr plane fat, eùm puper fubditinoftri nepnulli Tripoli in Basberia & Argellæ ab eius i 
ciincolis voluntatem veſtram forte nefcientibus male habiti fuerint, & immaniser diuexnti 
elateam veſtram Maieſtatem beneuolègogamus, vt per Legatum noftrum enim caufam 
cognoſcas, & f ↄſttemò earum prouinciarum proregibus ac prefectis impereny vt noſtri liberè 
in ils locis, fine yi aut iniuria deinceps i 8e negotia gerete poſsint. yeti 1) tied dunt 
e omni opera yicifsim: imus ea omnia quæ Imperator wefirg Main- 


i vlo pacto gratz fore intelligenus: quam Deus vhicus mundi condiren optimus maxi- 
mus qiutiſimè ineolumem Be ſlorentem ſetuet, Date in palatia noſtto Londini; 1 
* enfis 


499 


ue killed the two Engliſhmen hetauſethey were circumci{ey, and become Turke g, had not the Niere 


0 The voyages and difcoueries The Turkes mandate, 


Nlenſis Septembris: anno Ieſu Chtiſti Seruatoris noſtri, 1 5 8 4. Regni verò noftri vicefsimo 
ſento - 


; 2 : y The fame in Englifh. 


orn , WHT iabeth bp the grace of the moſt high Od, andonely maker of heauen and earth, of Eng, 

en Boca — reland Durene, and of the Chpittian faith, again all che Adolatetg am 
e e Rai syofelloie of the name of Chi dwelling among the Chitians, molt inuincible and 

laut defender: to the molt valiant and tnuincible Prince, Zultan Murad Can, the inoſt migiti 

nler ok che kingdome of Mufulman, and of the Eat Empire the onely and higbelt b pve 

‘aboue all, health, and many happie and fortunate peeres, with great abounnance of the bel 


97222 

2 and puilane Emperour, about two peeres nom palled , we wnate vnto your Im 
periall Mairſtie chat our welbeloued ſeruant. W/ illiam Harebrow ne, aman of great reputation 
ann honour, might be rereaued vnder pour high authoꝛitie, fo our Ambaſſadour in Contftantino. 
ple andother plates, vnder the obedience of pour 1 of Mufulman : And alſo that the Eng: 
Lthmen, being our fubteces, might exerciſe entercourle and marchandize in all thole Wrouinceg, 
no leſſe freely then the French, Polonians, Venetians, Germanes, and other pour confeneraty, 
which trauell though diuerſe of the Catt parts: endeuouring that by mutuall traffike, the Cat 
may beiopned and knit to the Melt. ihe. 

‘@Ahich priutlenges, when as pour molt puiſſant Maieſtie, by pour letters and vnder pour dil 
penlation mot liberally and fauourablp granted to our fubiects of England, we could no tele 
doe, but in that reſpect giue pou as great thankes,as our heart could conceaue truſting that it wil 
tome to pale, chat this onder of traftike, ſo well opvained, will bung with it ſelfe mol great po 
fits and commodities to both fives; as well to the parties ſubiett ts pour Empire, as to the No 
uintes of our kingdome. Mhich ching that it map be done in plaine and effectuall manner, when 
as ſome of our ſubiects of late at Tripolis in Barbarie, and at Argier , were bythe inbabitanteof 
thofe places (being perhaps ignoꝛant of pour pleafure) euill increated and grieuouſſy vexed, tne 
dos friendip and loting ly velire pour Imperial Mai ſtie, Hat pou will vnderſtand their caules 
by dur Ambaltadour, and after ward rive commandement to the Lieuteuauts and Pzeſidentg of 
thole provinces chat dur peopte may heucefooꝛth freelp, without anp violence, np inümie, crave, 
and doe their buſines in thoſe places. 25 : ‘ 

And we againe wich all endeuour ſhall ſtudie to perfoyme all chofe things, which we thal ine 
ny wife vnderſtand to be acceptable co pour Amperiall Maieſtie, which Gad, the onely maker of 
che tort, nrott bet and myſt great, long kecpe in health, and flourithing. Oiuen in our pallaice st 
London the fitt vay of hemonecy of September in the peere of Jelus Chet our ſauiou, 584, 


The commandement obtained of the Grand signior by her 
aa Maeſtiet Ambafadour.for the quiet pafSing of her ſubiects to, &. from 
bis dominiĩons, ſent in Anno 

e Barbatie. 


delete 


then; dos not ſpoote 


F 


fT heauen and earth, of Eng 
saint all che Adolaterz aud 
is, moſt inuincible and pai 
urad Can, the moft 
onely and bigbelt h 

reat abounnance of the bel 


d, e ee vcur Im 
e, à man ok great reputation 
nballadour in Sent 
nan: And alſo that the Eng: 
mdize in all thoſe Wrouinces, 

and other pour confederatt, 
y mutuall traffike, the Eu 


r letters and vnder pour di 
England, we could no tele 
conceaue truſting that it wil 
with it ſelfe molt great ye 
our Empire, as to the o 
and eflectuall manner, when 
were bythe inhabitants ol 
ed and grieuouſip vexed, ine 
vill vnderſtand their taulet 
uteuauts and Pꝛeſidents of 
1 vnlente, op init, trauel, 


things, which we Halling 
ich God, the onely maker of 
ng. Giuen in our pallaite t 
As: h our Ceatou, 584, 


d Signior by her 
ſubiects to, &. fn 
er anes; and Tripolis in 


ebene 

e e 

e qt 

Empire, one the aue parrot 
ing an Malteſes, on theo 

e which de 
dur Dominions, bite doe talk; 


bpecee dye Maltefes en 


‘T urkes mandate, 


PROMI mee ee ‘ 
Regni vero noſtri vicefsimo 


N We eee ee 


e meeting 


ee a 
ther ence bus udp Ipeo pall Utberefoye 


a ey boote 


por * . 0 ed te this 
no g readchou: again reg ance ree iu 
Sience . aL MD OQ OF 1 is N 
wg do 


The Turkes letter te othe Kin g of Tripolis ix in » Barbarie; . 
ie ‘the réffitutio, ls 8900  [hippe, called yt Eſus, wine den, 
e ſent from Conſtantiuo hey Mahomet Beg, aluttice. oft reat 
“Turke les, and an E ag ine en e Mater Edvard, 
N Bano. Anno 1584. 1 
oT 1 2 e Re 
»Forehe molt 


b wan 


e e 

10 e and 
vnto, and d n 5 

5 5 ener eat arate nhac ate ir Dagan and as aus 

Ba oe en spd nothing againſt che peace 


eee ikt 8 ig wehe aged lum ume 
mn ringer ae potion Shee ee eberefone, thatthe Englith 


— ere 
0 Jat A 


5 7 7 4 
Qs .SUOiios dont 33 H ; POG Tw 


A letter of Matter: William — the En 3 
ier Cake pte to the Bajfg 75 the Begley." 
in Rerharie, for theraftoring af an] uh 
˖ eee esflaucsit $f 3˙ en t roll i 

ind: 21 n; 
en due unge feel affato etreni 450 
— — 
by eit vm ceria: eee n cargo chi. 

N tla gif per non eſſer ben pore —— 

. A Francefe — oy ſenſa pe 
eue catocol ere Andre Dier, che come ene 
eee. leer riamalitid son yetornana, ghandadauifrs 


NGS 


— " 


i morte dlel detto triſte Fran fe proniam come cofab 
fads — 5 be con ; 1 


‘atta eatole dettananee merchntia en eſſa, & fate 1 5 Inet 


400 le eee ö 

e fidel fernitor al pam) 

——— & cammodo per 

yrouncia Li quali general. 

3 ———— — — ch wa che manila il Gnaud Sc gu 

‘de voſtra Signoria magnifica aaicbedolmene revales ch riceunti? Et noi non mancheremo al dein 

to dh emu umico en qualconchestcurrenia re hed: anncitia noffra,como defideramulll 

Signy: ldd lis tonceda 3 uta recinigſta, per caidar noi di phi furarafat - 

ain ete negocio; & leidid . vera * ee enen man daca 
1 Ware audi. dhe. 


unc 


M Ambafgiatore de la Magefta Serenifticaa . ngilters, 
von 105 canine) amicodevaltra Signoria magnifica. pi. cr Jo lei. 


% V be, mi 5 lift... 

Rate Lene nite See 

concerning a cextaine up of, bing, catia 

Skegs,one of out marchauts inebe fame naht deccaten, there f 5 
nnn called Romane Sonnings,t i 

ene iin ahr 


. Hareb lertert. 
En iff Ambaf:: 


ited 7 An ‘the Begley." 
ofhippe called the lef, 
1 arn eon cap Oty 


es jor note RG oy 


6 affato em nd vane 


yetornana, quandadavifh 
70 om come coſa ber 
en Tee fatto fciaai li marie 
n palfati ronceſſi, & duni 
2 e molto contrariaalaliga 
o, noi a conceduto il ſuo regal 
ma colpreſente portater F. 
ia porta excel{a,con altre let. 
tanto di parte del Gran 
Mi), naue col forwimento dang 
ri tolti Gf d queitowh 
A fuagratia wotbaconcedsi, 
wa Magelta, per ron 
ontra di effo tugs ſtari demi 
o a la Santa liga ginratadel 
rowsta: per obfernatione deg 
r nelaltromondoa! flo Td 
tradi tanm pomeracchichipa 
miavrio. Al contrario, iacta. 
Dre patroniamich. 
ty fidel fernstor al patrom 
rhand honor e & commoio 1 

A promincia, Li quali penal 

lo che manila — Spa 
noi non mancheremo al deb. 
tia noftra,como defideramill 
r caluer noi di phi futurafatio 
bonere. Datainpalazzone 


a Serenifsimna oe ngilters, 
magnifica, pi ce jo lei. 1 


et W 5 
2 heloe of Richard 
wmitted u certaine Freud 


mg altogeth the 
anne bp ws onthe bepale 


ol Proninces.at ſiur 
fire bundzed. and thꝛee {core pounds. 
n 


M.Hareb.letters. ofthe Englith nation, 


pute vs his ropall commnandement of reſtitution, which wee ſende vnto pour honopable 
Londhippe , bythe prefent bearer Edward Barton, pur Metretarie, and Mahomiet Beg, one of the 
quiices al bus ſtately Court, with other letters of the malt excellent Abriirall, and mof valiant 
Captains obche Sea, renniring pour bonopable Lemdin, as well an the behalfe of the Grand 
eignin Avot the Qutenes malt excellent eee n te men, oiles, fhippe,fur- 
nimite money, aud all ether goods whatſoeuer, by your Londſhippe, and pour oꝛder taken from our 
men,derettored onto this my Dectetarie freely, wichont delap, as the Grand Signiqz of his 
foobnes hath granted vnto vs, elpetially in regard chat the fame oiles were bought by the com: 
mmdement of our Queenes moſt excellent Maielty, foz the prouifion of her Court. IIhich il pou 
perfor nut, we pꝛoteſ by theſe our letters againſt you, that pou are the cauſe of all the incon: 
aeniences which may enſue bpon this occafion,as the autho thereof, contrary to the bolp league 
fwoyne by both our Pꝛinces, as bp che pꝛiuiledges, which this our ſeruant will ſbe we vou, map ap. 
pee. Fonthe ſeeing ol which league performed, wee remaine here as Ligier in this ſtately 
Court, Aud by this meanes vou ſhal anſwere in another woꝛld, vnto God aloue, and in this woꝛld 
puto the Grand ann hainous ſiune committed by pou againſt fo many pooze ſoules, 
tohich by this pour crueltie are in part dead, and in part detained by pou in molt milerable capti⸗ 
uitie, Coutrariwiſe . if it tall pleaſe pou tu auoix this miſchiefe, aud to remaine in the fauour of 
Almightie God, and of our Pꝛinces, vou hall friendlp fulfill this our tu demand (as it behoueth 
pouto thet pour ſelfe a prudent Gouernour. and faithkul ſeruant vuto pour L ond, )¢ the fame map 
tare to pour great honour, and pꝛolite, by the trade of marchandize, which our men in time to 
conte, may ie in that gouernment ol yours: which generally, as well chofe pope men, as all o⸗ 
thers, which pou ſhall meete at the ſea ought to be accopding to the commandement of the Grand 
Linum, friendly entertained and receiued of pout honozable Loꝛdſbip, and we will uot faile in 
the duties of a(peciall friend, whenſoeuer vou ſhall haue occalton to hfe vs. as we delice, Almigh⸗ 
tie God grant vnto your Londſhip, (in the fulfilling of this our inf requelt, whereby we map be 
delluered from further trouble in this matter, and pour {elfe from further diſpleaſure) all true fee 
: of honour, Giuen in our Pallace from Capamat in Pera, the 15. of Fanuae 
rie, 15 85. 0 Aeli tart mart 
Abriefe extract {pecifying the certaine daily paiments,anfwe- 
red quarterly in time of peace by the Grand Signior, out of his treas 
~-furie,to the officers of his Serag lio,or Court,fuccefsiuely in degrees: collected 
in a yeerely totall ſumme, as Rettet. e 
Dr his one diet euery day, one thouſand and one aſpers, acteding to a foꝛmer cuſtome re⸗ 
coated from his aunceſtoꝛs: notwithſtanding, that other wiſe his diurnall expence is very 
much and not certainly knowen, which ſumme maketh ſterling monie by the peere, 2. thouland, 
one hundzed, 2. pound chꝛee ſhillings, eight pence, 
The j. thoufand Ianiſſaries xeparted into ſundꝛy places of his dominions, at {ire afpers the 
day amuunteth by the vere fine hundneth, foure (cope and eleuen thoufand, ann thꝛee hundzeth 


pounds, 

The Azamoglans, tribute childen, farre ſurmount that number, forchatthep are collected 
from among the Cipittians,from twhome het weene the peeres of fire and twelue, they are pullen 
ay peerelp perfonce s whereol J ſuppoſe thole in ſeruice map be equall in number with the 
Tanitfaries aboue Fine, at tinee afptrs a day, one with another, which is two hundzed, foure feme 
dülfteene choufand,fire hundred and fiſtie pounds. g 
Dee le Bathas, toherenf the Uiteroy is ſupeme , at one thouſand aſpers the day, beſides theit 
peerely reucnugs.antounteth ſterling by the yeere ten choufand,nine hunded and ſiftie pounds. 

Che fue Beplerbegs,chiefe Pyelidenta of Greece, Hungatie, aud Sclauonia, being in Europe, 
in Anatolla and Carmaniaof Afia,at one thouſand aſpers the day : as alſo to eightetue othergo⸗ 
wandte i hunddev afpers the day, amounteth by the peere, chirtie thouland, 


aſſa, Admiral of the Sea, one thouſand aſpers the day two thouſund, one hundred, oute 
fove and ten choufand pounds. 1 
KTbeAgackche Ianiffaries General of the botemen, fire hummzed aſpers the dap, and maketh 
byche pere in ſterling monie one choutand,foure {cope and fiftcene pounds, t. 


203 


ache matt ertellent, the DQucenes Maieſtie of England. our Miſtres, and altogether contrarie 
roche league ol the ſaide Grand Signioz, who being fully inſoꝛ men of the aforelapd cauſe, hath 


— 7 2 5 W. ‘ 
204. The voyages and diſcoueries Of she T urkes (ct. 


The Imbrahur Balla, Malter of his dende ne bunmpeb anv Ofte alpers the dp, is fterting me 

nie, the bunnred and eighe and twenty pounds, 

The er — vnder him, one ange end yalpers, is three hundzeb and tight am 
twentie pou 

The 1 5 the * benen, bonlemen, tre, at one hunded and fiftie afpersts 
either of them, maketh Merling one choafand, nine hunden cher {cope and eleuen pounds, 

The Capagi Baſſas hen porters foure,ene hundped ano tie aſpers to tach, and makech out in 
fterling money by the e thoulaud chꝛeꝛ hundzed, and foureteene pounds 

The Sifinghir Baſſa, Controuler of the houſbhold one hundzed and rwentie — pers the Dap, am 
makceh out in ſterling money by the ere dwo himndred cher {cone and — Gretvene hl 


lings 
f Th Chiaus Baſſa, Captaine of the Penfioners.one hundred adtwentie afpers. the day, ay 
ae al ach i ni two hundzed, three {cope and two pounds: firteen, 
hillings. 
f The Copigila Caiafi, Captaine of his barge, oue hunden and twentie aſpers the day, aud n 
keth out by the peere in ferling money two hundred, thꝛee {core aud two gn . 
The Solach . — ined af pers, two hundred, chte 
{core and two pounds, fireteene ſhillings. 
The Giebrigi Baſsi, Maſter of the armourie, one hunmed and twentie aſpers, ehm 
three frore and tio . ſhillings. 
The TopagiBals igbatlerof the atte one bane am thentt aſper ua hn 
ſcoze and two pounds, xeteene ſhillings. 
The Echim Baki, Io hiſttion to his perla one hunde and twentie afpers, two hungen, tne 
{core and two pounds, ſxeteene ſhillings. 
To forte Phiſitions under hem to eath fontie aſpers, is the thouſand, eight hunded, thee 
ſcoze and fire pounds, fireteene ſhillings. 
The Muſtafaracas ſpearemen, attending on his V 
trove aſpers, d ſterüng thee feore aud fiue choufand,ant ſeuen hundred pounds. 
The Cifingeti, gentlemen, attending vpon F 
mounteth to A be toe e ee ae ben 05e ean ire pounds. 
is ufi Pentoners,foure undzed and fortic, at chirtic aſpers, twentie eg conti, 
nine ne eight 
eke a Perr ome me me ateiggheafpers, aud maketh kw 
2 the peere,fenen thouſand, aud 
he Slashers e an tetunhe emer afpers und cornet) bw 
to in Eng liſh monie, the ſumme of fire thouland and fire pounds. 
The Spahi men of Armes of the Court and the Citie ten choufand, at twentie ſiue aſper mn 
madeth of Engliſh money fire hundꝛed loꝛtie and feuen thouſand and fine humdꝛed pounds, 
a The Ianiffaries ſreteene thouland at fy alpers is two hundꝛed and ten thouſand and tivo hun 
Dyed aud fortie pounds. 
The Giebegi furbuſherg ofarmour, one chouſand ue hunded at ſixe aſpers, and anwunteth 
to Herling money, nineteene thouland, ſeuen hundꝛed, and foure {cme pounds. 
The Sciefir,feruitors in his Eſquier on ſtable fiue hundged at two afpers, and maketh Merling 
money: two thou ſand, one bimbren, foure {cope and ten pounds. 
The Sach, Dadlers anbbicmakers fut hundred, at ſeuen aſpers, ſeuen thouland, fire hum, 
thꝛee (core and fine pounds. 
The Cater’ Carers oyun holes nahme at fiue afpers, two thouſand, ‘one une 
koure {cone and ten pounds. 
N. e vpon Camels 7 — one thoufann, fue hundꝛed, at ee and amm 
teth in ſterling money to twentie fire chouland, two hunden and foure {core pounds, 
Ehelich Captaines of the Gallies, chꝛee hundyed at ten fpr ano cmon 
money by the pere che furnme of fire thouland fine hundyed, thꝛer {cope andten pounds, 
The Alechingi Paſterokthe fav Gallieg chꝛee hundzer, it leuen afpers, foure choutanv, in 
bundꝛed foure {core and nineteene pounds. 
The Getti, Boateſwaines thereof, hereok, cher hundzen, at fire afpers, is tee thouſand, wine hw 
bed, fortie and two pounds, 
‘he Od Bal arse be afr ae mah pe tin pa 
cane fcope pounds. ny 6 


— 
e Turkes (out. 
pee hundded du eighe m 


ne pounds. : 
wentie afpers the bap, un 
two pounds, ſixeteene hl 


wentie alpers the dap, un 
e and to pounds, firteene 


entie aſpers the dap, aud mm 
two pounds, 16. fhitiings, 
eaſpers, two hunmed, 

penitie aſpers, wohne 
tie aſpers two hunden 
e afpers, two hun, tht 
uland, eight hunmged, te 
—.—— 
— 
pers, twertie eighethalm 
fle hen, an eb e 


nd fine hundꝛed 
at ten ehouefarn ant tino hus 


at fire afpers, and arnountet) 


f pounds. 0 
papers, and maketh terting 


1. he Turkes officers. otthe Enelith nation. 


Che Azappi Couldiers two thoufand ſir hundzedat foure Aſpers, thereof the fire hundyed doe 
rotimally keepe the gallies, two and twent ie choufand,(enen hundred fonre {rope and ſix pound. 

Che Mariers Bath mafters ouer the thipwrigits and kathers ofthe mauie, nine, at 20. Aſpers 
the piece, amounceth to thꝛee thouſand foure {core and foure pound,foure thillings, 

The Matter Dafli Hiptrinhes and kalkers, one thoufand at fourteen Alpers, aud amounteth to 
oy dhe peere,cbirtie choufand, fire hundyed ther ſcoze pound. 

Summa totalisof daily paiments, amounteth by the peere ſterling, one million, nine hun: 
preth threefcore eight thouland, ſeuen hundzed thirtie ine pounds, nineteene ſhillings 
eight pence, anſwered quarterly without default, with the ſumme of foure hundꝛed 
fourefcore twelue thouſand, one hundzed foure ſcoʒe and foure pounds foure ſhillings 
eleuen pence, and is for euer day ſiue thouſand thꝛee hun dzed foure {cope and chirteene 
pounds, ifteene fillings ten pence, 


Annuities of lands neuerimprooued fiue times more in value 
then their fummes mentioned, giuen by the fayd Grand 
Signior, as followeth. 


Te the Uiceroy fap his Timar oz annuitie,6o,thoufand gold ducats. 
To the {ccond Baſſa fo; his annuitie, 30. thouſand ducatg. 
Cothe third Baſſa for his annuitie, 40. thouſand ducats. 


Ciothe fourth Baila for his aumuitie, 3 o. chouſand ducats. 


Cotte fifth Balla fo; his aunuitie, 20. choulaud dutats. 

Cothe captainr of the Ianiſſaries, 20. thouſand durats. 

Totte leu Merhorbaſſi matter of his hoꝛſe, 15. thouſand dutats. 

Co the taptaine ofche penſioners, 10. chouſand ducats, 

Cothe Captaine of his guard, 5 chouſand dutats. 
Summa totalis, 90. thouſand li. ſterling. 


Belive hele aboue ſpecided, be ſundꝛie other annuities giuen to diners ochers ok his afopefayn 
officers, as alſo to certaine called Sahims, diminifling from thꝛee thouland to two bun: 
deth dutats, eſtermed treble to ſurmount the aunuitie aboueſayd. 


The Turkes chiefe officers. 


Tne is high Treaſurer, notwithſtanding that vnder him be thꝛee Subtreaſurers cat: 
led Teſtaders, which be accountable to him of the receits out of Europe, Aſia and Africa, ſaue 
their yeetely annuitie of lands. 

The loꝛd Chancellor is called Niſſangi Baſſa, who ſealeth with a certaine pꝛoper character 
ſuch licences, fafe conducts, paſſepoꝛtes, efpeciall graunts, cc. as proceed from the Grand Sig- 
nior: notwithſtan ding all letters to lo men princes fo firmed, be after incloſed in a bagge, and ſea⸗ 


led by the Grand Signior, with a ſignet which he oꝛdinarily weareth about his necke, credited ol 


them to haue bene of ancient appertaining to king Salomon the wife, 

The Admiral giueth his voyte in the election of all Begies,captaines of Illands, to whom hee 
giutth their charge, as alſo appointeth the Subbaſſas, Ballies op Conttables ouer cities ¢ townes 
bpon the Sea coaſtes about Conſtautinople, and in the Archipelago, thereof he reapeth great 


Ve dubbaſſi of Pera paieth him yeerelp fifteene thonſand ducatg, and ſo like wile either of the 
othersaccopding as they are placed. 

Che Reſſiſtop ſerueth in office to the Uicerop aud Chantellop as Secretarie, and fo like wiſe 
doch the Cogy eh. of the Rolls, before which two paſſe all writings pꝛe ſented to, op granted by the 
ese e Chancellor offices of efpeciall credite and like pofite, moꝛeouer rewarded with 


* Chere be alfo two chiefe iudges named Ladies Liſguire, the oue ouer Europe, and the other o 
Wer Alia and Africa, which in court do ſit on the bench at the left hand of the Baſſas. Theſe fell all 
fficty to the vnder iudges of the land called Cadies, whereot is one in euery titie o totune, before 
hom all matters in tuntrouerſie are byiudgement decided, as alſo penalties and coptettiuns fo 
ines o dained to be executed vponthe offenders by the Subbaſſi. 


D. 1. 


The 


206 The voyages and diſcoueries The Turkes garifons, 


The number of Souldiers continually attending vpon the Bepler, 
begs the Gowernours of Prosinces and Arne e their petie (ab- 


tains maintained of thefe Proumces. 


Gracia, lontie thouſand. 
(Buda, fifteene thoufand, 
Sclauonia, fifteene thoufand, 
Anatolia, fifteene thouſand. 

Cie Beglesbegsol < Amen, ge deri. peetons, 
egierbegs Armenia, . 
1 Perſia, hate thoutand, 

vſdrum, fifteene thouſand. f 
Chiruſta, fifteene thouſand. 

Caraemiti, thirtie thouſand. 

Gierſul, two and thirtie thouſand. 


Bagdat, fine and twentie thouſand. 
Baltara, two and twentie thouland. 
Laſſaija, feuenteene thouſand. 
Aleppo, fiue and twentie thouſand. 
5 „ 
lerbegs Cairo, ue thou „ 
eee Abes, twelue thouſand. 
Meca, eight thouſand. 
Cyprus, eighteene thouland. 
Tunes in Barbarie, eight thoufiy,. 
Tripolis in Syria, eight thouſand. 
Algier, foxtie thoufand, 


fe Sangiacks and petie captaines ber thore hundped fitie eight, euery of tubich retalnin 
5 — Kore Gna busine? two hundzeth ſouldiers, ri be os hüh cae 
lealt, thee bundyeth thouland perfong, . 5 


i 


Chiefe officers in his Serraglio about his perſons, be thefe. 


apiaga dig porter, 
Alnader Baſſi, Thꝛeſurer. 
Oda Baſſi ly Chamberlaine. 
Killergi Baffi, Steward. 
Saraiaga, Comperoller, 
Peskerolen, Groome of the chamber. 
Edoſtoglan, Gentleman of the Ewer. 
Schetaraga, Armour bearer, 
Choataraga, he that carieth his riding cloke. 
Ebietaraga, Groome of the foole, 
There be many other meaner officers, which J elteeme fuperflucuste write. 


The Turkes yeerely reuenue. 
I Signiors annual reuenue is ſuidto be 1.4, millions and an half of golden dunn, 
which is ſterling fine millions eight (ore thouland pounds. 

The tribute paid bythe Chpittians his ſubierts, is one gold dutat peerelp for the redemption of 
euery head, which may amount vnto not ſo little as one million of golden ducats, which is ſtering 
three hundꝛed thꝛee {cone thouland pound. 

Mpevuer, in time of warre he eracteth manifoly ſummen lo maintenante of his armie and ui 
uie ok the ſayd Chꝛiltians. a f 

The Emperdꝛ paieth him peerely tribute for Wungarie, thece (core thouland dolletg / which l 
Harling 13. thouſand pound, belides preverite to che Uiceroy and Baflas, which are {aid to fternount 
twentit thouſand dollers. Aue 


Turkes garſob. 


ng vpon the Bepler, 
id their petie cae 


perſons. 


ight, euery of which retuinin 
‘ae be ome th amochecat f. 


fons,be theſe. 


dus to write. 


e. e 
Band an halfe of golden dun, 


nt pt redemption of 
oben daa, ich ür 


intenante of his armie auß we 


ore thoufand dolletzs / which l 
fs, which re Catto t 


Auuhaſ. 


Feb. Letters. of the Engliſh nation. 207 


Af Ambaſſadors allowances, 
unballadour of the Emperoz is allowed onethouſand Alpers the day. 

Che ambaſladotr ol the French king beretoloze enioied the like: but of late peeres by means 
of diſpleaſure conceiued by Mahumet then Uirerop, it was reduted to fire ctowues the Dap, bee 
goesthe prouitton of his Eſauter of table, 

Che andallavour of Boland, and fon the Kate of Cienice are not Lidgers as theſe two aboue 
lud. The faid Polack is allowed twelue French crownes the dap, During his above, which may 
deln a nuneth. Uery ſeldome doe che fate ol Uenice fend any amballadour othertulle, then enfor 
5 neteſlitie: but in Mead thereok keepe there their A gent, pꝛelident auer their merchants, 
efthetermed a Bailie, who none allo wante of the Grand Signior, although his port ¢ Rate is 


ftammr as magnifirall as p other afozefain ambaſſadops. Che Spanith ambaſſadour was equal 


nithochers in Janiſlaties: but for fo much as he would not actoꝛding to cuſtome follow the litt of 
ocher ambaſſadazs in making pꝛeſent to the Grand Signor, he had none allowance, Vis abode there 
v 3. ſerres at the end whetol hauing contluder a truce fo? 6. peeres, taking place from his firtt 
wong in Nouember latt palt, 158. he was nꝛuer admitted to pꝛeſente of the Grand ſignior. 


Aletter written from the Queenes maieſtie, to Yeladin el Kubar 
king of Cambaia,by lohn Newberie. In February. An. 1583. 
poral izabeth bythe grace of God, ec. To the nol inuincible, and moſt migltie prince, fo 
oeladin el Kubar king of Cambaya. Jnuincible Emperoꝛ, ct. Che great affection 
otich our ſubiects haue, ta wilic the molt diſtant places of the wozld, not without good 
will and intention to introduce the trade of merchandise of all nations whatſoeuer 
they tin by which meanes the mutuall and friendly traffique of merchandize on both fives may 
come, is the caule that the bearer of this letter lohn Newberie, iointly with thoſe that bee in his 
company, with a curteous and honeſt boldnes, doe repaire to the bonders and countries of pour 
Empire, we doubt not but that pour imperiall maie ſtie through vour roiall grace, will lauourably 
anbfriendlp accept bint, And that you would doe it the rather for our ſake, to mate vs greatly be⸗ 
holding to pour maieſtie. Tite ſlould moe carnedly, x wich more words require it éf we did chinke 
itneedfull, But by the ſuigular repoꝛtthat is ol pour imperial maieſties humanitie in thele vtter · 
mott partegof the woyld, we are greatly ealied of that burden, and therefore we vle the fier ¢ leſſe 
tunes: onely we regueſt that becaute they are our ſubiects they may be bone fly intreated and re: 
tiiund. And that in reſpect of the hard tourney which chey haue vndertaken to places fo far diftant, 
it would pleate pour maieſtie with fome libertie and ſecuritie ok volage to gratific it, with ſuch pot: 
ullrdges a to pou ſhall ſeeute good: which curtelie if pour impe ral maieltie Hall to aur Cubiects 
1 bur requeſts perfopine, we, according to dur rofall honour will recompence the fame with as 
mmpdelerts as we can. And herewith we bid pour Imperiall mait ſtie to farewell, 

Aletter written by her maieftie to the king of China, in Febr. 15 83. 
75 Lizabeth bythe grate ot God Queene ol England. Molt Inpertall and inuincible 
5 inte our honeſt fubiect lohn Newberie the hinger hereof, who with our fauoz hath tas 
en in hand the voiage which now he purſuethto che partes ¢ countries of your empire, 

not truſting vpon any other ground then vpon the kauoꝛ of your imperial! clemencie Js 
hummitie, is mooted to bndertake a thing of fo much vifficuicie, being perlwaded that he haunng 
entredinto lo many perils, your maieſtie wil not diſlike the fame, eſpetially, if it map appeare that 
tbe noe damageable vnto pour roiall maieſtie, x that to pour people it wil bing forne profit: of both 
whith things he not doubting, wichmoze willing mind bath prepared himleife for his deftinaren 
bolageonta vs wel lied ok. Foz by this means tue perceiue That p profit which by p mutual trade 
on both oes, all the pꝛinces our neighboꝛs in che elt do recciue,pour imperial maieſtie and thoſe 
ther be fubiect vnder pour dominion to their great ioy ¢ benefit fhal haue the fame, which tonlilterh 
inchetranfpopting outinardof luch things wherof we haue plentie, and in bringing in fuchebings 
a6 toe lm in nerdof. It cannot otherwile be, dut that ſering we are boꝛne and made to haue neede 
deck anoecher, et hat we are bound to aide one another, but that pour imperial maieſtie wil wel like 
bir by pour lubtects with like indeuop wil be accepted, Foꝛ the intreaſe whereof, ik your imperi⸗ 
Amte thall adde the lecuritie of pallage, with ocher pꝛiuiledges mot necelſay to vſe the trade 
nich pour men, pour miaieſtie thal do that which belo to a moſt bonopable ¢ liberal prince; and 
deferne fo much of vs. as by notontinuante op length oktime prego pate Mbich requett of 
dun we bo molt iuſtantlp defire to be taken in good part of pour maieftie, and fo great a benefit to⸗ 
bautdg vg and our men, we ſhall endertor by diligence co requite tuber time ſhall lerue thereunto. 
Che God almigheie long pzelerue pour imperial mateltte. 4 oa 

52. 2 


20 


8 The voyages and diſcoueries ohn NCewberie, 


Abilſada Iſnael 
nis Coumo⸗ 
graphie. 


. March. 11. 


laſt ot 
ap, 


Currall. 
Amber greeſe. 
Sope. 

Vio nen glaſſe. 


. ͤ ..:. ĩᷣͤ .. 7˙ . ̃§r—é ß 
A Letter of M. lohn Nevyberie, written from Aleppo, toM, 
Richard Hakluit of Oxford, the 28. of May, An. 15 8 3. 


Lobt welbeloued and mp allisred good friend, J heartily commend me tuto ya 
> ) (98) ) Ag Yoping of pour gvodhealch ec, After we let ſaile from Oraueſende, which mag 
2 he 13. dab ol Febuary laſt, we remained vpon our coat untill the 11. day of 
W Sach, and that day we {et faile from Falmouth, and neuer ankered till we w 
>) ried inthe road of Tripolis in Syria, which was the la® dap af April lat pad, 
5 where we ſcayed 14.dapes: andthe 20, of this pefent hee came hither tu Alep. 

po, and with Gods helpe, within fine oy fire daxes que from hence cowards the Indies. Since 
comming to Tripolis I haue mabe very earneſt inquirie both there and here, (uathe booke of eg 
mographie of Abilfada Iſinael, but by no means can heare of it. Some fap that pollibip it map be 
had in Perſia, but not withſtanding J will not faile to make inquttit fox it, both in Babylon, aid in 
Balfara, and if I can finde it in a xp ot theſe places, I will ſend it you from thence. The lam 
mich pou delivered me fo to copy out, that came from matter Thomas Steuens in Goa, ag af 
the note yu gaue me of Francis Fernandes the Potingall, I bought thence with me among » 
ther wutings vnnwaren the which J haue fent you here inclofed, Here is great Peparation forte 
warres in Perſia, and from hence is gone the Baftha of a towne called Rahemet,and thortlp atte 
goeththe Baffhaof Tnpolis, and the Baſſha o Damaſco, but they haue not all wich them about 
6000. men from hence, and they goe to a towne called Afmerome, with is three dapeg iournep 
from Trapezunde, where they thall meete with diuers Capitaine and fouldiours chat come frum 
Conſtantinople and other places thereabout, which goe altogether into Perſia. Chis peere m 
men goe into the ware, and fo hath there euery peeve inte the beginning thereof, which is tighe 
peeregon thereabouta, but verp lew of them returne againe. Motwithſtanding they get of the per 
ſians, and make taſtles and holds in their countrep, I pray you make my heartie commendations 
to M. Peter Guillame, and M. Philip Iones, and to M. Walter Warner, and to all the reſt of our 
friends. Maler Fitch hath him heartily tommended vnto you: and fo J commit pout to the tui 
on ok the almightie, wo blele aud keeps you, and lend bs a ioylull meeting. From Aleppo, 


the 28, of Pap, 1583. 
Pour louing friend to commm 
in all chat J map, 
Iohn Newberie, 


Another letter of the ſayd M. Newbery written to Malter 
Leonard Poore of London, from Aleppo, 


Sade welbeloued, my very heartic commendations bute yeu, and the rett of m 
1 friends remembꝛed. My laſt J {ent pou was of the 25. of Fehzuarp tad, um 
d ele out of the Downes, after which time with contraty windes me rem 
l vpon our obne coaſt, vntill the 11. dapot᷑ March, and then wee {et ſalle un 

KG Falmouth, audthe 13. daythe winde came contrarp with a very 
which continued d. dapes, and in this we had ſome of our goods but, 
but God be thanken no great hurt dane. After which time te lailed with a faire wind within de 
Streicts, and fo remained at ſea, and ankered at no plate vntill our comming into the road al T 
polis in Syria, which was the laſt dap of April, This was a very good pallage, God. make bs 
thankfull for it. The 14. dap of his pꝛeſent we came from Tripolis, and the 20. day arrived here 
in Aleppo, and with the helpe of God to moꝛam oꝛ next day, we hegin our voiage towards Baby- 
lon and Bal ſara, and ſo into India. Dur good friend matter Barret hath him cammended to pon, 
ho hath Lene pou in the Emannell a ball of nutmegs fe the ſmall trifles pou {ent him, which J 
hope long fince you haue receiued. Alfo he hath bp his letter certified vou in what oder hee {ols 
thole things, whereof J can ſay nothing, becauſe I haue not ſeene the accompe thereof, neither 
haue de mandedit: fop euer fince our comming hither he bath bene till buſſe about the dilpatthol 
the hip, and out boiage, and J likemile in buping of things here to carp to Balſara, and the Jo 
dies. Ie haue bought in currall for 1200, and ode dutats, and amber ſoz 400. ducats, and fom 
ſope and bꝛoken glatte, with all other final trifleg, all tubich things F hope will ſerue very dull 
thofe plates that ne thall goe vnta. All the reft of the account ot the Barke Reinolds, was feat 
home in che Emanuell, which was z 600. dutats, which is 200. pound nije then it was rat 
Fo; matter Stapers rated it but at 1100. li. andit is 13 00. pound, fo that our part is 90%. 


—ͤ 
lohn NC ewberie, 

from Aleppo, toM, 
3 e 


relly commeud me vn yee, 
am Graueſende, which wag 
tccoat® untill the 11. day of 
And utuer ankered till we w. 
e laſt day af Appill lat 
ſent we came hither to 
wards the Indies. Since 
4 ano por cca 
ay pit map be 

git, boch in Babylon, ap te 
u from thence. The leun 
nas Steuens in Goa, ag all 
4 with me among o 

gw preparation foptte 
ed Rahemet , and thortlp after 
haue not all with them aboue 
which is chꝛee dapes iournep 
d fouldiours that come from 
to Perſia. This pecre mu 
ming thereof, which is tigte 
anding they get of the per 
my heartie commendations 
tt and to all the reſt of our 
0 F commit pou to the tid 
necting, From Aleppo, 


ur louing friend to command 
in all that J map, 
Iohn Newberie. 


ritten to Malter 
D0, 


bute vou, and che reſt of mp 
25. Of Fehzuarp tat, fave 
rontrary windes me remind 
„and then wee ſet ſalle un 
arp with a very greut ftom, 
ve had ſome of our goods wt, 
with a faire wind within te 
comming into the roadol Tu 
good pallage, God. make bs 
and the 20, dap arriued her 
rin dur votagetowards Baby- 
hath him commended to pov, 
trifles pou fent him, which I 
ed pou in what oder hee fold 
e the accompt thereof, neither 
Hill buſie about the dilpatchol 
o tary to Balfara, and the Jo 
nber fo; 400. dutata, and fone 
J hope will ſerue verp bell 
e Barke Reinolds, as att 
pound moze then it was rated, 
fo that our part is 5 


— — ͤÜ(-·—ͤ—v—bd 

In Newberie. ot the bngliſh nation. 209 
asit (hall please God to ſend thereoſi wherefore you (hall doe very wel to ſpe ae 

eho ao ence gun, Qn you en coutmnt pour ttf to trauell 10 — 


would with pou to come hither 0 goto Cair, if any go chither. Fo; we doubt not if you had 
ves bebe but eee fie smonatbe, pou teoulD Icke fo well of the place, that I chiuke you 
not 


gaines very good, and no doubt che profit wil be hereafter better, 
things being fed in good opder t fop chere Could come in tuery ſhiptbe fourth part of her Carge. 
fonin money, which would helpe to put away our commodities at a very good price, Alfoto haue 
tive bery good (hips to come together, would doe dery tell: fo in ſo doing, the Danger of the boy» 
migbt be accounted as little as from London to . Maſter Giles Porter and maſtet 
Porter, went from Tripolis in a finall barke to laffa, the fame day that we came from 
thence, whuch was the 14. day ol this pꝛeſent, ſothat no doubt but long ſinte they are in Terulas 
lem God lend them and vs fafe recurne, At this inſtant J haue recciuen the account of M. Bar · 
ret and the reſt of the rings, with two ¢ twentie dutata two medins in ready monie. Mo there is 
hing remaining in bis hands but a fem bookes, and with Thomas Boſtocke J left certaine 
(mall trifles, which J pꝛap pou demauud. And ſo once againe with my heattie commendations J 
kn to the uten ol che almigbtie, who alwayen pyeſerue vu. From Aleppo the 29. " 
of pay, 158 3, 
rt Pours aſſured. Iohn Newbery. 
Another letter of M. Newberie to the aforefayd 
M. Poore, written from Babylon. 


hente. 3 — ſome of our company came uot hither till the laſt day 
, ofthe laſt moneth which was for want of Camels to carp our goods: f̃ʒ at this 
N time of the peere, by reaſon of the great heate that is here, Camels re very 
fhantta be gotten, And fince our comming hither wee haut found very ſmall fales, but diuers fap 
that inthe inter our commodities will be very well fold, J pray God their woꝛds may prooue 
true, J thinke cloch, kerſies and tinne, haue neuer bene here at ſd lowe prices as they are now. Not 
nithllanding, if J had here fo much readie money as the commodities are woorth, J would not 
dubeto make a very good profite of this voiage hither, aud to Balſdra, and fo by Gods helpe there 
hill be reaſonable polite made ofthe voiage. But with halfe money and halfe conmoditie, map be 
bought bere the belt fore of fpices, andother to · maditieg that are brought from the Indies, & With: ee ben wit 
nut money there is here at this infant mall do be done. Aith Gods helpe two daies hence, J of fyices at 
wind to go from hence to Balfara,¢ from thente o force Amuſt goe to Ormuz fp want of a man r * 
tharſyeaketh che Indian tongue. At my being in Aleppo J hired two Naſtaranies, and one of Om. 
them hath bene twiſe in the Indies. and haththe language very well, but he is a bery lemd felow, 
sud cherefone J will not take him with me. 


Here follow the prices of Wares as they are woorth here at this inſtant. 


Moues anv Maces, the bateman, 5 dutats. ieee or 
Cynamom 6. ducats and fem ta be gotten. 8 
Putmegs,che bateman, 45. medins nd 40. medins maketh a Ducat, 
Hinger, 40. medins. 
Pepper, 75. meding. 
„the bateman, 50. medins. 


Heel the churle, 70. ducats, and a churle is 27. rottils and a halfe of Aleppo. 
Sithe, much better then that which commethfrom Perſia, ii. dutatz and a halethe batemun, and 
cuttp bateman here maketh . pound and z onuces Englih waight. Frum Babylon the 20, 
bap of Gulp, 1 383. 

Doug, lohn Newbery. 


S. 3. Maſter 


The voyages and diſcoueries lohn Newberie, 


Maſter Nevvberie his letter from Ormuz, to Iohn Eldred and 
William Shals at Balfara, 


His ſecond Letter to the foreſaid Iohn El dred, 
and William Shals. 


be barke of the Jewes is arrived here two dayes patt, by whom J knoe you 

did write, but pour letters are not like to come to my hannes. This bringer 

ee Fel bach themedine here very great curtelie, mberefore J pray pou there him whet 

i fattour pou map. Abeut the middle of the next moneth J chinks wer hall d 

N Err from hence, Son be our guide. Athinke Andrew will gue hy into A- 

beppo, wherein J pray pou furcger him what you map: but it he ſboudd in 

See, then A pap pon biſpatch away arnelienger tuith as much ſperd as pollib iy pou map. A tn 

lay no mae, but doe for me as pou would J fhouly doe for you in the like caule, and fo wu mp 

e eee From out of the prifon in Ormuz, this 24. bay of Septem 

of „ 

85 Yours, Iohn Newberie. 


His third letter to Maſter Leonard Poore, 
written from Goa. 


Plat J ſent pou was from Ormuz, whereby J certified pou what hav happened 

there vnto me, and the reſt of my company, which was, that foure dayes after 

dur arriuallthere, wee bere all committed ta pꝛiſon, except one Italian which 

tame with me from Aleppo, iwhons the Capitaine neuer examined, onelp do 

) maunded what countreyman he was, but J make account Michael Stropene 

8 who actuled vs, hadinfopmed the Capitaine of him. The fir day wee arvined 

there, this Strope ne attuſed vs that we were ſpies ſent fram Don Antonio, beſides diners other 


cu lies: notwithſtanding ik we had bene of any other countrep then of England, wee might freely 


haue traded wb them. And although we be Engliſhmen, J know no teaſon to the contrary, but 


will not dente me licence. Bede wemight be ſuffered to come out of pꝛiſon. I was forced to put in 
ſuerties foꝝ 2000. pardoas, not to depart from hence without licence of the Uiceroyt otherwile ty 
cept this. we haue ag much libertie as any other nation, fo J haue our goods again, and haue taken 
au houſe in the chielelt ſtreete in the to wne, called the Rue drette, where we fell our goods. 


— a 
lohn Newberie, 

— — — 
to Iohn Eldred and 


p voiage after q — 
e arriued here, and the 

about the middle of the ners 
Goa. The cauſe whp wear 
n Don Anthonio. Bit the 
g hother wote him from i · 
Re if vou can procure out n 
hould doe vs great god: fy 
our thꝛotes o kerpe bs long 
ther, had bene very well omy, 
eda meſlenger by land from 
0,03 40. ctomnes fa that tng 
zagatne which is now lib 
out of che prifon in Ormuz, 


n El dred, 


alt, by whom J knowe pon 
my handes. This hingt 
J pray pou ſhew him what 
eth J thinke wer ſhall w 
drew will gue by land tu A. 
map: but it he ſboudd wa 
as pollibty pou map. A cm 
riike taule, and fo wuh mp 
uz, this 24. dayof Septm 


s, Iohn Newberie. 


Poore, 


fied pou tbat had happens 
was, that foure dapes after 
except one Italian which 
neuer examined, onely de 
ccount Michael Stropene, 
The ſirſt dap wee arriued 
tonio, beſides diners other 
England, wee might frrely 
o teaſon tothe contrary, but 
nations doe, and may come 
8 „Italiaus, Greekes, Arme 
8, Maoſtouites, aud there is 
e contrary to all iuſtice anv 
bid vs. But now J haue as 


f che Uiceroyt otherwile cr 
goods again, and haue taken 
e we ſell our goods. 


hadfine errands let in golde, which were wooꝛth Wm, 
0 


loon Neewberie. of the Engliſh nation. 211 


... . . — —— — — 
1 Chere were two cauſes which moued the capteine of Dymus to impꝛiſon vs, ¢ aſterwards to Two cautes 
ſendvs hither 5 The firtt was, betauſe Michael Otrapene had accuſed vs of many matters, which unpulonnent 
mott falfe. And the ſecond was fop that . Dpake at his being at Waluco, tauſedtwo pic: * mu. 

seg of his odin ance to be thot at a gallion of the kinges of Poztingall, as they ſay. But of theſe 
gg Adio not kam at Dyers sand in che fhippe char we were ſentm tame the chiefeſt iuſtice of 

wo was called Aueadoꝛ general of that place, he had beene there chee peereg, fo that 
nobus time tans expired: which Aucadep is a great friend to the captrine n Dymus ho certeme 
apes after dur comming from thence, ſent loz me into his chamber, aud there began to demand of 
memmptbinges, to the which J anſweredt and amongſt the reff, he laid, that 95. Dyake was 
ent butol England with many ſhippes and came to Maluco, andthere taded cloues, and finding 
agallion there of thekinges of Boztingall, he cauſed two pieces of his greateſt oꝛdinante to be 
fhot atthe ſame: and lo perceiuing that this did greatlie gricue them, J alked, it they would be re: 
unged of me fp that wiich M. Drake had done ꝛto the which be anlwered, ao: although his meas 

to the contrary. 
1 5 . that the caule why the capteine of Dymus did ſend me for Goa, was, for that 
the Gicerop would vnderſtand of me, what newes there was of Don Antonio, and whether he 
wherein England, vea oz no, and chat it might be all for the belt that J was ſent hither, the which A 
truttin God will lo fall out, although contrary to his expectation: fo bad it not pleated God to put 
into the mindes okthe archbiſhop and other two Paes 02 Jeſuits of O. auls college to Land 
dur friends, we might have rotted in pꝛiſon. The archbiſhop is avery good man, who hath two 
yong men to his feruants, the one ol them was bome at Hambozough, and is called Bernard 
Borers s and the other was bome at Enchulen, whole name is Job. Lenſcot, tho did vs great 
pleafure : for by them the archbiſhop was many times put in minde of vs. Aud the two qvod fa 
chers of B. Paul, who trauelled very much for vs, the one okthẽ is called Padze Marke. diho was 
dome in Biuges in Flanders, ¢ the other was boyne in EAiillbire in England, and is called Pa- lub etre 
dre Thomas Steuens. to his father 
Aldo J chanced to finde heere a yong man, who was bome in Antwerpe. but the molt part of frre, put rt 
his bunny bp bach beene in London, his name is Francis de Rea, and with him it was my hap downe aud 
tobe achuainted in Aleppo, who alſo hath done me great pltaſure heere. 8 
Jnthepilon at Dymus we remained many dapes, allo we lay a long time at fea comming hie coitege in 
ger, nd foyrhwith at our arriuall heere were caried to prifon, and the next day after were fent fo: ein. 
bebe the Auendoꝛ, who is the chiefeſt iultice, to be examined: and when we were examined, ge 
prefencty ent vs backe againe to pꝛiſon. 
And after our being heere in pꝛiſon thirteene apes, James Storie went into the monaſteric ok James Storie 
., aul wherehe remaineth, ad is made one ok the companie, which like he liteth very well. nr. 
~ Gnowpon S. Thomas dap (which was ttwo and twwentie dapes ater our arriuall here) I came Chep arrined 
ut of ypifon,and the next day after came out Ralph Fitch and Ciilliam Bers, 
Itheſe troubles had not chanced, J had beene in pollibilitie to haue made as good a voyage ag 1583. 

tuer ny man made with fo much money. Many ol our things J haue ſolde very well, both heere 
mbit Dimers in pꝛiſon, notwithſtanding the capteine willed me (ik J would) to fell what J could 
beide we imbarked : and fo with officers I went diuerg times out of the cattle in the moꝛning, and 
ſouldethings, and at night returned againe to the prifon, and all thinges that J ſolde they did wite, 
andatnur imbarking from thence,the capteine gaue oꝛder that I Could deliuer all my mony with 


‘the goods into the hands of che ſcriuano, oppurfer of the hip, which I did, and the ſcriuano made a 


remembrance, which he left there with the capteine, that my felfe and che reſt with money ¢ goods 
be houl deliuer into the hands of che Aueadoꝛ generall of India: but at our arriuall heerc, che As 
teador would neither meddle with moods nop money foꝛ that he could not prone anything againtt 
ds: wherefoze the goods remained in the ſhip nine oz ten dapes after our arriual, and then, for that 
thethip was to ſaile from hence, the ſcriuano ſent the goods on ſhoze, and heere they remained a 
davand a night. and no body to receiue them. In the end they fufferen this bꝛingerto reretue them, 
tubo cane with me from Oꝛmuß and put chem into an houſe which he had hyꝛed forme, where chey 
remained foure aʒ fine dapes. Wut afterward when they ſhould deliuer the money, it was conclu⸗ 
ded hy the iuſtice, that both the money and goods thould be deliuered into the pofitors hands, where 
they remained foureteene dayes after my comming out ok pʒiſon. At my being in Aleppo, J bought 
afountaine of ſiluer and gilt, fire kuiues, fire ſpoones, and one forke trimmed with copall for fue 
ind twentie chekins, which the capteine of Oꝛmuz did cake, and paped fo the fame twentie pars 
bas, which is one hundꝛed larineg, and was worth there op heere one hundꝛed chekins, Allo he 


7 


212 The voyages and diſcoueries Ralph Fitch. 


October 11. 


Din 
Cpaul. 


——³;ͤ¹ . — . é—ö—•Uä 
for the lame an hundꝛedpardas. Alſo he had nineteene e a halle pikes ot cloth, which coſt in inn, 
don twentie ſhillings the pike, aud was worth nine op tenne crotunes the pike, and he paped forthe 
ſame t welue larines a pike, Alſo he had two pieces of greene Rerſies, which were woorel foury 
and twentie pardas the piece, and payed fop them ſixteene pardas a piece: beſides diners other 
trifles, that the officers and others had in the like oꝛder, and ſame fa nothing at all. But the caulp 
of all this was Michael Stropene, which tame to Oꝛmuß not woorth a penie, and nom bath 
thirtie 02 fortte choufand crownes, aud he grieueth chat anp other ſtranger thouln trade chither 
but himlelfe. But that hail not full, fox I truſt in God to gbe both thither and hither, andt h 
and fellas freelie as he 0 any other. Peert is verie great good to be done in diuere of our com. 
modities, vy in like maner chere is great pofit to be made with commodites of this countrey,tp 
be carried to Aleppo. 

It were long foz ine to vnite, and tedious for pou to read ot all things that haue paſſed fine 
my parting from you. But fo allthetroubles that haue chanced ince mine arriuall in Dimus, 
this bringer is able to certifie vou. I minde to ſtay heere: whereſdze if pou will wuite vnto me, 
pou map fend pour letters to fore friend at L iſ bone, and fromtbence by the ſhippes they maybe 
conueyed hither. Let the direction of pour letters be either in Pontiguiſe o Spaniſh, where 
hep map come the better to my hands. From Goa this 20 day of Januarie, 1584. 


A Letter written from Goa by Ralph Fitch to M. Leonard 
Poore aboueſaid. 


Duing friend Waiter Pooye, ec. ince my departure from Aleppo, 3 haw 

not witten vnto pou auy letters, by reafon chat at Babylon J was fiche olthe 

flure, and being ſicke, J went from thence for Balſara, which was twelue 

dapes iouruey downe the riuer Tygris, where we had extreame hotte weather, 

which was good for my diſeaſe, ill fare, and woozſſe lodging, by reaſon om 

* baate was peſlered with people. In eight dapes, that which J did eaten 

very fall, fo that ik we had ſtayed two dayes longer vpon the water, J thinke J had died; but 

comming to Balſara, ppeſently I mended, J thanke God. There we ſtayed ſoureteene dapes, 

and then we imbarked our ſelues for Oꝛmuz, here we arriued thelifthol September, aud wen 

put in prifon the ninth ol the lame moneth, where we continued vntill the eleuenth of October, and 

then were ſhipt fo this citie of Goa in the capteines ſhippe, with an hundzed and foureteene hoy 

les, and about two hundzed men: and paſling bp Diu and Chaul, where we went on land to but 

terthetwentith of Nouember, we arriued at Goa the nine and twentith of the ſaid moneth, where 

oz our better intert einment we were pꝛeſently put into a fayꝛe ſtrong ppifon, where we continud 

vntill the two ¢ twentith of December. It was the will of God that we found there two Padres, 

the one an Englilhman, the other a Flemming. The Engliſh maus name is Padre Thomas Ste. 

uens, the others Padre Marco, of the oꝛder of S. aul. Theſe did the fo vs vnto the Cicerop 

andother officers, and ſtood vs in as much ſtead, as our lines and goods were noonth: fopif hep 
had not ſtucke to vs, if we had eſtaped with our lines, yet we had had lang immiſonment. 

After foureteene dayes miprifoument they offered vs, if we could put in ſurties for two chow 

land duckets, we ſhouldgoe abzoad in the to une: which when we could not doe, the laid Padres 

found fureties for vs, that we Mould not depart the countrep without the licence of the Urn. 


Che Italians It doch ſpite the Italiaus to fee vs abzaad: and many maruell at our deliuery. The painter is 
N inthe claiſter of Saint Paul, and is ol their oder, and liketh there verie mell. Wibile we were 


0 
trade i 
Eaſt. iin 


in pꝛilon, both at Oꝛmuz and heere, there was a great deale of our goods pilfered and loft, and we 
haue beene at great charges in giftes and otherwile, fo that a great deale of our goodes is conte 
med, There is muchof our thinges which will {ell very well, and forme we hall get nocbing 
for. J hope in God that at the returne of the Uiceroy, which is gone to Chaul a to Dm, 
they fap, to winne a cattle of the Poors, whole returne is thought will be about Calter , then 
we ſhall get our libertie, and our ſurties diſcharged. Then F chinke it will be our beſt way,cither 
one oz both to returne, becauſe our troubles haue beene fo great, and fo much of our goods ſpopled, 
and loſt. But ik it pleaſe God that J come into England, by Gods helpe, J will returne hither 
againe. It is a bꝛaue and pleaſant countrey, um very fruitfull. The Summer is almolt all the 
peere long. but the chiefeſt at Chyiſtmas. 

The day and the night are all of one length, very litle difference, and maruellous great lune 
of fruits, Fo; all our great troubles, yet are we fat and well liking, fo nem 


— 
Ralph Fitch. 
— —— 5 
got cloth, which colin Lon, 
be pike, and he paped forthe 
s, which were woos) fü 
piece: befives diuers other 
othing at all, But che caut 
7th a penie, and now bath 
anger ſhould trade chitive 
hicher and hither, andto 
e done in diuerc af our con 
modities of this countten t 


ings that haue patter nme 
ue mine artiuall in Orn 
e if pou will write vntome, 
e bp the ſhippes they mapbe 
iquift op Spanith , woherehp 
anuarie. 1 584. 


to M. Leonard 


arture from Aleppo. J haw 
Babylon F was fiche ofthe 
Balſara, which was tivelu 
bab extreame hotte weather, 
olle lodging. by reaſon on 
„ Chat which J did eaten 
ter, 4 — te had died: but 
we Raped foureteene dayet 
fth of September, aud wert 
the eleuench of October, d 
hundred and foureteene bop 
e we went on land to wa 
of the ſaid moneth, where 
prifon, where we continues 
we found there two Padres, 
name is Padre Thomas Ste. 
ſue for vs vnto the Cicero 
ods were woonth : forif hep 
long imprifonment, 
d put in ſurties for two thow 
buld not doe, the laid Padres 
At the licence of the iter. 
r deliuery. The painter is 
verie well. Tibhile we wer 
ods pilfered and loft, and ue 
deale of our goodes is cout 
b ſome we Chall get norbing 
gone to Chaul and to Dia, 
will be about Calter , then 
it will be our beſt way, tichet 
much of our goods ſpopled, 
Bhelpe, J will returne bither 
Dummer is almoſt all te 


and maruellous great fine 
fog victualles ate here 15 


William Barret. otthe tengliſh nation. 


ticandgooncheape. Ann here A will paſſe ouer ta certtſie you of ſtrange things. vntill our mee 
ting ia t auld be tua lung to write thereof. Annehus J commit you to God, who euer pꝛeſerue 
wann bs all, From Goa in the Galt Aumies the 25 of Ganuarie 1584. 
Yours to command 
RAL pH FITA. 


The money and meaſures of Babylon, Balſara, and the Indies, 
with the cuſtomes, Oc. written from Aleppo in Syria, Anno 15 84: by 
William Barret. 


BABYLON: 
The weight, meafure, and money currant there, and the 
cuſtomes ofmerchandize. 


Mana of Babylon is of Aleppo 1 roue 5 ounces and a halfe: and 68 manacs 
echdee ſeuenth parts, make a quintall of Aleppo, which is 494 li. 8.ounces of 
London: and 100 manaes is aquintall of Babplon, which maketh in Aleppo 
N 46 roues, and of Lonpea 722 li. and fo much is the ſaid quintall:but the mer: 

chants accoꝛd is by ſo nuchthe mana,¢ in the fain place they bate the tare in all 
forts of commodities accopding to the oꝛder of Aleppo touching the tare. 

Che mealure of Babylon is greater then that of Aleppo 21 in p 1. For hiinging 100 pikes 
of anp mealurable ware from Aleppo thither, there is found hut 82 pikes in Babylon, ſo that the 
soo pikes of Babylon is of Aleppo 121 pihes, bery litle leſſe. 

Che durant mony of Babyld are Sapes, which Say is 5 medines as in Aleppo, 40 medines 
being g ſayes maketh a bucket currant, and 47 medincs paſſeth in value as the ducket of golde of 
Genice and the dollers of the beſt {ope are woch 3 3 medines. The rials of plate are ſold by the 100 
pani at pie. accoꝛding as thep be in requeſt: but among the merchants they bargen bp the 100 
metvald, which are 150 dꝛams of Aleppo, which 1 50 dpantts are 135 fingle rials of plate: but in the 
mint op cattle, they take them bythe hundꝛen ams, which is go rials of plate, q thoſe of the mint 
pine 5 medines lelle in ech 1 00 dꝛãmet then they are worth to be ſelde among the merchauts, and 
make paiment at eee gonapesin e a, ; 

Che cuſtome in Babplon as well in ward as outward, is in this maner: Small wares at 6 per 
100 Coull, aud amber at 5 and a halfe per 100. Genice cloth, Engliſh cloth, Kerſiea, Wokanes, 
Chambicte, Bilks, Ciclucts, Damaths, Satting,¢ ſuch like at 5 per 100: andthep rate the goods 
without reaſon as they luſt themlelues. The Coafo, Boabo, andether exattions 6 medines per 
ale, all which they pay peſently in readie mony accopding to the tuſtome and ule of che Emperoꝛ. 

Cothe Ermin of the mint the opdinarre vie is to giue 30 Sayes in curteſie, other wile he would 
bp authonitic of his office come abooꝛd and fop deſpight make {uch ſearch in che barke, chat he would 
turne all things topſie turuie. eee. 


The weight, meaſure, and money in the citie of Balfara. 


A Mang of Balſara auſwereth 5 roues 2 olites c a halfe of Aleppo weight, aud 19 manaes € 
AL dne fourth part of Balſara anfinereth the quintall of Aleppo, which is 494 rows, Sounces 
Englih, ¢20 manaes isthe quintall of Balſara, which is 104 Alexine, amd of London 5 14 li. 8 
dices, and ſo much is the ſayd quintall, but the merchants bargen at fo much the mana oz wollene 
. on and they abate thetarein cutty mana, as the lore of (pice ia, andthe onder taken 
nein that place, 101 70 125015 a 
The meafure of Balfara is called a pike whichis iuſt as the meafure of Wabplon, to ſap, 100 
pikes of Dallara maketh of Aleppo 10 pikes,ve fupra in the rate of Babylon. 
Che rurcaut mony of Balſaru is as fellowerh. There is a fort of ſluſles of copper called Eſtiui. 
whertok 12 mah a mamedine. which is the value of one medine Aleppine, the ſaid mamedine is 
pea hing the Mozeſco ſtampe on both fives, and tino of chele make a danine, which is 2 me- 
eppine. n 


The laid dine is af luer, haning the Curkefte umpe on both fioes.anv 2 f a helfe of thele 
mate a ſay x hich is iult in value as the axel Aleppo, | : 27 5 
She faid ſay is ofthe ſunlttude and ſtampe of Ateppo, being (as apperres) 6o Mines, Alſo 


dne lay and 20 eſtiues make alarine, wbich is of Aleppo money 6 mevnes and a halle. 5 
Chelan lariue is a Mrange piete of money, not being round as all other * 7 
itie, 


213 


214 The voyages and diſcoueries William Barret 


Chiiſtianitie, but is a Imall rod of filuer otthe greatneſſe of the penne ok a goole fether, 

we vleto write, and in length about one eight part thereof, which is wretten, fo that the rn 
meet at the iuſt halle part, and in the head thereof is a ſtampe Turkeſco, and theſe he the ben au 
rant money in all the Indias, and 6 oktheſe larines make a bucket, which is 40 medines Op ein 
fa es ol Aleppo. F . : 

Che ducket of eg is woꝛch there 7 larineg, and one danine, which is of Aleppo money 48 
medines and a halle. Sur 

er money is wonth larines 88 per 100 meticals, which is 150 ams ok Aleppo, 
vt ſupra. : ; 

The rials of plate are woꝛth 88 larines by the roometicals, and albeit among the mer 
they {cll by the 100 metitals yet in the mint 02 caſtle they fell by the 100 ———— 
then the worl 5 medines in ech hundꝛed dꝛams, and haue their paiment made in 40 dayes, mane 
them in ſayes oz larines. g 

The cuſtome of the laid places, al well in ward as out ward. are allke of all {opts of goods to fp 
6 bythe 100, and Toafd, Boabo,¢ ſcriuau medines 6 by the bate in ward aud outward to ſax, z in 
ward, and as much out ward z but who fo leaueth his goods in the aultome houte nothing, 
where othertvile at che taking thereof away, he fhould pay 3 med. by che bale, and of the fain goons 
there is uo other duty to pap,and this commeth to paſſe when the cuftomers eſteeme the good to 
high. Foz in ſucha cafe they may be Dyiuen to take fo much commoditie as the cultome amounted 
to, and not to pay them in mony oz luch is the oꝛder from the Grand Signior. 

Dauing paid che cultome, it behouethto haue a quittance op cocket fealed and firmed withthe 
tuſtomers hand, m confirmation of che difpatch and cleering, and befope departure thence, to tauſe 
the ſaid cuſtomer to cauſe ſearch to be made, to the end that at the voyages returne there be no ce 
uillation made, as it often times happeneth. 

Note that 1 oo metitals of Ballara weigh 17 ounces and a halfe ſottile Nenetian, and of Alep: 
po ams 1 50, vt ſupra. 

Che kraight of the barks from Ops to Balſara, I would {ay from Ballara to Oꝛmuz, they 
pay accopding to the greatneſſe thereof. To ſay, fo cariage of ro cares 180 larines, thofeof 15 
cares 270 latines thole of 20 cares 3 60 larineg chole of 30 cares 5 40 larines. Note that acaraig 
4 quintals ot Ballara . They pap alſo to the pilot of the barke fop his otune cariage ane chare, ad 
to all the reſt of the mariners amongſtthem 3 cares fraight, which is in the whole 4 cares, andpaye 
ing the abouefald piles and fraights, they are at no charges ofvictualles vuth them, but itis requi 
fire that the ſame be dec lared in the charter partie, with the condition that they lade not abood one 
rotilo moge thẽthefraight/ vnder paines chat finding moze iu Oumu it is fopfeit,and belies that 
pap the fraigbt of that which they haue laden. 

And in this arcoꝛd, it behoueth to deale warilie, and in the prefence of the Ermin o ſome other 
honel man ( whereof there are but few) fo they are the noozſt people in all Arabia. And thisdil 
gente mut be put in execution, to the end the barks may not be ouerladen, betaule they are to pale 
many lands betwixt Ballara and Ozmuz. 0 


VZ: 
The weight, meaſure, and money currant in the kingdome of Ormuz. 


Pites and mug they weigh bythe bar, andof euery fore of goods the weight is different. Co 

fay, otſome mugs 5 quintals, and 3 erubi oʒ roues, and othet ſome 4 quintals 25 rotiloes, un 
pet both is called a barre, wich barre, aſwell great as litle, is 20 fraſoli, and euerp fraſoll is io 
manaes and euery mana 23 chianſi, and euery chianſo 10 meticals aud a halfe. Mote that euetie 
quintall maketh 4 erubi op roues, and euer roue 3 2 rotiloes, e euery rotilo 16 oumtes, and euer 
ounce 7 meticals, fothat the quintall commeth to be 128 rotiloeg, which is Aleppine 26 rotiloes 
and one third part, which is 13 2 li Englicb weight. And contratimiſethe quincall ef Aleppo( hic 
is 494 rotiloes 8 he. ‘i tad epee of Oꝛmuz, which is; quintals 
2 cout, 29 rotiloes and a half. . 

Note that there ave bars of diners weigbes vt ſupra, of which thep bargen limplie, accoꝛdingt 
the fort of comnu ditie. but if they bargen of the great barre, the fame is 7 quintals and 24 rotiloes, 
which is 958 li g ounces ol London weight. and of Aleppo 193 rottloes and a halfe. 

Touching the money of Oꝛmuz, chep bargen in merchandise at fo many leches by the barre, 
which lech is 1 oo Alarie and maketh larines 190 ¢ a halle which maketh pardaes 3 8, elarines 
one halle, at larines 5 by the pardao. One afarie is ſadines 10, and euery ſadine is 100 danarit. 

Chelarine is wooꝛth 5 eee 

1 


William Barret 


bofa goole fether, 
8 welten, fo that the tuo 
pfco , and theſe be the bel eu 
which is 40 medineg Op eigte 


which is o Aleppo money 48 
pbich is ze mmol Alem, 


dalbeit among themnerchantg 
100 dam, hauing there led 
ent made in 40 dapes, made 


he of all fonts of goods, tofap 
— veri lap: z in 
i 11 2 papeth 

che bale, and of the badge 
Homers elteeme the moods too 
itie as the cuſtome amounteth 
Signior. 

het ſealed and lirmed withthe 
Ope departure thence, to caule 
pages returne there be no cz 


ſattile Uenetian, and or Aleps 


rom Ballara to Oꝛmu, they 
ares 180 larines, thoſeof 15 
o larines. Note that acaraig 
B obne cariage one chare, and 
in che whole 4 cares, and pay. 
alles with them, but itis requis 
chat they lade not abooyd one 
it is forfeit and beſiden that 


cent the Ermin o ſome other 
in all Arabia. And thisdil 
en, betauſe they ate to palk 


dome of Ormuz. 


che weight is different. Co 
te 4 quintals 25 rotiloes, am 
aſoli, and euerp fraſoll is 10 
ndabalfe. Note that euere 
) rotilo 16 ountes, and euer 
ohich is Aleppine 26 rotiloes 
the quintall ef Aleppo( vhich 
 Dymurz, which is 3 quintals 


bargen ſumplie, accoꝛdingto 
8 7 quintals and 24 totilota, 
des and a halfe, 
ſo many leches bp the barre, 
maketh pardaes 3 8, elarines 
erp ſadine is 1 00 danatit. 
ine is woꝛth of Aleppo man 
1 medint 


Flam Barret. of the Englifh nation. 211 


medine ¢ 1 fourth part, ¢ the larine ag in Balſara worth of Aleppo monep 6 medines ¢ a halfe. 
pardao is 5 larines of Balſara. vo ö 
ig allo ſtanped in Oꝛmuz a ſeraphine of golde, which is litle and round, and is wonth 24 
which maketh zo medines ol Aleppo. = 
Che Uenettan mony is worth in Dymus larines 88 per 100: metitals, andthe rials are woxth 
lunes 86 lefle one faedine, which is euerp thouſand meticals,3 82 afures : but thoſe that will not 
fallehem,vfe tomelt them, and make them fo manp larines in the kingof Oꝛmus his mint, wheres 
dep cleere 2 per 100, and ſome what moe: and this they do betauſe neither Clenetian money 
rue as currant in Dymus, per aduiſe. 
The mealure of Oꝛmuʒ is ot 2 loꝛts: the one called Codo which incre aſeth vpon the mealure of 
glippo; per 100, for hinging 100 pikes of any meaſurable wares from Aleppo to Dymus, it is 


fund in Dꝛmuʒ to be be 103 Codes, Alſo theſe meafures of Oꝛmuz increaſe vpon thole of Balſa⸗ 


mand Babplon 25 and two third parts per 100: fo bꝛinging 100 pikes of any meafurable wares 
from Ballara oz Babylon, there is found in Oꝛmuz 125 codes and two third parts. 

The cther mealure is calleda vare . which was ſent from the kung ol [opengl to the India. by 
hich they Cell things of ſmall value, which meafure is of 5 palmes oz ſpannes, and is one code and 
twothird parts, lo that buying 1 oo codes of any meaſurable wares and returning to mealure it by 
the laid dare, there is lolid but 6o vareg . contrariwiſe 100 vares maketh 166 codes & 2 third parts. 

Mute that all (uch ſhips as lade hozſes in Ounuz fop Goa oz any other place ot India, lading 10 
holes oy vpwares, in what places focuer the laid hoples be taken a ſhoꝛe in the India, the merchan⸗ 
Dist which is to be diſcharged out ok that ſhippe wherein the laid hoꝛſes come, are bound to pay no 
“euttome at all, but if they lade aue hoꝛle lefle then tenne then the goods are bound to pay the whole 
tutome, And this law was made by Don Emanuel king of Poꝛtingall, but it is to be diligent: 
lie foyefcene, whether all thoſe hoꝛſes laden be bound to pay the king his cuſtome: for many times 
bythe king of Poztingall his commandement there is fauoꝛ ſhewed to the king of Cochin his bꝛo⸗ 
cher ol Armes, fo that his hoꝛſes that come in the fame ſhippe, are not to anſwere cuſtome: as for 
trample, Ikthere were foure hozſes laden in one ſlippt, all which were to pay cuſtome to the king, 
anvone other of the king of Cochins which were not to pay any cuſtome, the ſame cauſeth all 
the merchandize of that ſhippe to be lubiect to pay cuſtome, per aduife, But ik they lade teu horles 
won purpoſe to pap the king his cultome in Goa, and in the voyage any of them ſhould die in that 
tale ifthep bring the taile of the dead hople tothe cuſtome in Goa, then the merchandise is free from 
all tuſtome, becaute they were laden iu Oꝛmnuz to pay cuſtome in Goa, Mozeouer ifthe hoꝛſeg 
fhould die before che middeſtofthe voyage they pay no cuſtome at all, and if they die in the mits of 
the boyage, then they pay halle cuſtome, but if any hoꝛſe die after the mid vopage they pay cuſtome 
noleile then ik they arriue ſafe. Notwithſtanding, the merchandise ( whether the fain hoꝛſes die bee 
neon in the mid voyage op after the mid voyage) are free from all cuſtome. 

The cultome of Ozmuʒ is a leuen in the 100, to fay, 10 forthe king,. and one forthe arming of 
the foifts : but for finall wares as glaſſes, and looking glaſſes of all forts, and ſuch like, made fo? 
apparel, pay no cuſtome. But cloth of Mooll, Karltes, Mokayꝛes, Chamlets, and all ſopteg of 
Silke, Salfron, and luch like, pay cuſtome, being el eemed reaſonablie. . 

Chere is alſo another cuſtome, which they call caida, which is, that one hhinaing his goods into 
Oumus, with purpole to fend the fame further into India, the ſame is bound to pay 3 by the 100, 
but bone other are boundto pap this cuſtome, extept the Armenians, oozes, and Jewes: ko the 
Portingalles and Uenetians pay nothing thereof. 

Note that in Oꝛnuz they abate care of all ſoꝛts of commodities, by an oꝛder obſerued of cuſtome. 
The fraight from Ozmuß to Chaull, Goa, and Cochin, as followeth: Mokayzes larines 6 per 
tableof 6o pikes , Aquariola 8 larines by oꝛdinarie chift, realings 10 larines by chiſt, which is a 
quitttall of roues 128. Ruuia of Chalangi larines 1 o per quintall, glaſſes larines 8 per chiſt, of 4 
foot p a halfe, glaſſes in great chiſt 14 c 15 larines by chit. Small wares larines 12 by chiſt of 
looo. Tamari for Maſchat ladines 2 and a halle, and 3 by the kardle. Tamarie fo Diu and 
Chauill 4 fatines, and 4 and a halte by bale, Other dꝛugges and things which come from Per⸗ 
la pay atcoꝛding to the greatnelſe of the bales. 

The fraiche mEtionedithep pay as appereth, whE they ſhip z {aid goods in (hips where hoꝛſes go: 
othernile not hauing hoꝛſes, they pay ſome what leſſe, becauſe of the cuftome which they are to pay. 

Che vleok the India ſhippes is. chat the patrons therof are not at any charge neither with any 
pallengrer 1107 pet wich any mariner in the ſbippe, but that euery one at the beginning ol the voyage 
dofinithco mainteine his owne table ik he will eat) ¢ for dyinke they haue a great tarre of water, 
Whithis garded with great cuſtodie. GOA 


216 


Note that 4 
toues make 
aquintall. 


Muſle of Tar · 
taͤria by the 
wap of China. 


1 quintall of Sa is 5 manaes, and 8 larines, the mana is 24 rotiloes, ſo that the quiz 
of Goa is 128 rut. and euery rot. is 16 ounces, which is of Genice weight 1 li. and a 

that the quintall of Goa is 192 li, ſotile Genice, which is 26 rotiloes 8 ounces Aleppine, ande 
London weight 13 2 li. Engliſh, as the weight of Dymus. 

All the merchandize, ſpices and dꝛugs are ſolde by this quintall except ſome dzugs, as ligntide 
China, Galanga, t others, wherol they bargen at fo much per candill, aduertiling that there be rp 
forts of candill one of 16 manaes, the other of 20 manaes, that of 16 manaes commeth to be ing 
quintals,and that of 20 mmaes, 3 quintals, 3 roues. Note that 4 roues make a quintall andche 


roue is 3 2 rotiloes, as in Dymus. 


Thete is allo another weight, which they call Marco, which is d ounces oz one halle a rocileot 
Goa, ¢ ꝙ ounces of Uenice ſotile: with this they weigh amber, e, mulke, ambzacan, ciutt, ad 


other fine wares. 


There is alto another Lope of weight called Mangiallino, which is 3 graines ol Cenice weighs 
therewith they weigh diamonds, and other iewels. 

ote that in Goa they vlc not to abate any tare of any goods, extept of ſacks oꝛ aps, edhere 
fope it requireth great aduilement in buying pf the goods, eſpecially in the mutke ol Tartan 
which commeth by way of China. in bladderg, and lo weigh it without anptare rebating. 

The meafure of Goa is called a iode, which increaleth vpon the meaſure of Babylon ¢ Bay 
ra after the rate of 17 C one eight part by the 100, fo that bringing 100 pikes of any meaſurable 
ware fromehence to Goa, it is found 117 pikes 7 eight parts, and bꝛinging 1 oo codes from dy 
muz to Goa there is found but 93 cades and one fourth part. 

There is allo the vare in Goa, which is iuſt as the vare o 


onelv things that are of ſmall value. 


the 100, accoꝛdiug as they are in requeſt. 


The duccket ok golde is worth 9 taugaes and a halfe good money, and pet not ſtab le in pric, 
foz that when the ſhips depart from Goa to Cochin they pap them at 9 tangaes and 3 fourth parte, 
and 10 tangaes, and that is the molt that they are woꝛth. 

The larines are wocꝛth by tui value baſaruchies 93 and 3 fourth parts, and 4 larines makes 
ſeraphine of filuer, which is 5 tangaes of good money, and theſe allo haue ſerakagion of 6, 7,8, 
10, vntill 16, by the 1 oo, a when the ſbippes depart for the Noꝛth, to lap, for Chaul, Diu, Cum 
baia, 02 Baſſani, all carp of the ſame, becauſe it is money mone currautthen any other. 1 

There is allo a fort of ſeraphins of golde of the Lampe ol Oꝛmuʒ, whereof there are but few 
Goa, but being there, they are worth 5 larines e ſomewhat more, accoꝛding as they are in reunel. 

There is allo another litle ſoꝛt af maney, round, hauing on the one five a crofle, and on thes 
ther five a cruwne, which is wozth ane halfe a tanga of good money, and another of the fame 
ſtampe lelle then that which they call Imitiuo de buona moneda, which is wozth 18 bafaruches 3 


fourth parts a piece. 


The voyages and diſcoueries William Barres, 


GOA: 
The weight,meafure,and money currant in Goa. 


ote that it a man bargaine inmarchandize,it behoueth to demaunde tangaes An 


F Dunuz, and therewith they mealure 


Foꝛthe mony of Goa, there is a kinde of monp made of lead and tin mingled, being chickeand 
round, and ſtamped on the one fide with thefpheare oz map of the woꝛld, and on the other ſide two 
arrowes, e 5 rounds: and this kinde of monp is cailed Baſaruchi, and 15 of theſe make a vintonil 
uaughtie monp, and 5 vintons make a tanga, ind 4 bintenag make a tanga ok bale mony: ſotht 
the tanga ol bale mony is 6o baſaruchies and he tanga of good monp 75 baſaruchs aud 5 tangaes 
make a ſeraphine of golde. which in merc hauoize is worth 5 tangaes good mony: but if one would 
change them into bafaruchies, he may haue; tangaes, and 16 baſaruchies, which ouerplus they 
call cerafagio, ꝶ when they bargen of the parday of golde, ech parday is ment to be 6 tangaes good 
monp, but in merchandize they vle not to demand pardapeg of golde in Goa, except it be eien 
els and horles,fop all the reſtthey take of ſeraphins of ſiluer peraduiſo. 

The rials of plate, I ſaythe riall of 8 is worth per cuſtome and commandement of the king of 
Poztingall, 400 reyes, and euery rep is one baraſuce and one fourth part, which makes tangaes e, 
and 53 baraſuchies as their iuſt value, but lo that the laid rials are exceilent ſiluer and curtant in 
diuers places of the India, and chiefly in Malacha, when the ſhips are to depart at th. ir due tines 
(called Monſons) euerp one to haue the {aid rials pap moze then theyare woꝛth, and the ouerplus, 
às is aboueſaid they call ſerafagio. And fir they giue the iuſt value ofthe 1 00 rials, of 8 at 5 tam 
gaes 5o baſaruchies a piece, which done, they giue ſeraphing 5,6, 7, 8,9, 10,1 2,1 5, vntill 22 bp 


William Barres, | 


Goa. 


| 
totiloes, fo that the quingay 
ce weight x li. anda halt 
8 8 ounces Aleppine, audit 


cept ſome dzugs, as ligntide 
aduertiſing that there be um 
nanaes commeth to be int 

nies make a quintall audche 


unces oz one halle a rotilo of 
»mulke, ambzacan, duct, an 


graines ol Uenice weigh,» 


pt ok ſacks op apa, eehere 
y in the mufke of Cartariz 
it anytare rebating. 

jeafure of Babylon ¢ Bally 
oo pikes of any meaturable 
zinging 100 codes from Oy 


and therewith they mealure 


n mingled, being chickeand 
Ad, and on the other fiver 
15 oktheſe make avintonof 
1 Cangya of bale monp: ſotht 
75 vafaruchs,and 5 tangaes 
good mony: but if one would 
uchies, which ouerplus they 
is ment to be 6 tangaes good 
in Goa, except it be fie 


ommandement ofthe king of 
part, which makes tangars e, 
rectlent ſiluer and currant in 
e to depart at ch. ir due cites 
are worth and the ouerplas, 
kthe 100 rials, of 8 at 5 ti 
89,10, 1 2,1 5, vntill 22 bp 


v, and pet not ſtab le in pric, 
tangaes and 3 fourth parts, 


parts, and 4 larines makes 
b haue ſerafagion of 6, 7,8, 
b lap, for Chaul, Diu, Cm. 
ut then any other. 45 

whereof there are but few in 
ding as they are in rranel. 
e fide a croſſe, and on thes 
p, and another of the {ame 
his wozth 18 bafaruches 3 


Willen Barret. ofche Engſſch nation. 


nde tangaes egen 


dees ten onelp, is vnderdode tobe bale money of 6o.bafaruches, uihich man 
. 
Che cultome of Cos is 8 in the 100. inmard, and as much bucmarde, and the 


goods art efter: 
medintly rather to che macchancsabuantage then thekings. Che cuſlome thep pape in this aj. 


Comm sGippe t0 Goa hitheut pap d. in the 100. tubes 
cere el — mall, but if they would carte of che ſaide . other plate, they 
other except others buy it and caric it koenth of the countrey and chen chey pay 


none 

athe 100, And it one hauing payd che cuſtome ſhould {elt to another with compolition to palle it 
ene e decide e eee 
cht, whether he ende the goods for his owne accontpt,op fo) the accompt al anp other that haue 
dauntihe lame, and being fond to che contrary they pap cullome as aboueſuide. And in this os. 
rerthe nutchants pap of all ehe goods which come from any part of the Indies. But il tbey come 
from Ormuz to Goa with hayes hey ate not ſubiett to pay anp cullome in ward notwithſtanding 
ifchep fend all on any part chetoffop any other plate, m rerurne itto Ormuz,thep pap the cuffome 
award, ilthough they toulo not ſell. 


ell. 5 

They vle allo in Goa amongſt the cõmon fore, tu batgaine fo coales, wood, lime ¢ ſuch like, at 
fomany braganines, accounting 24. baſaruches fo} one braganine, albeit there is no ſuch money 
ftanped, The tuſtome ol the Portingals, is, that any Moore op Gentile t tobat tũdition o fate 
foeuer he be, may not depart from Goa to go within the land, without licence of certaine Depptios 
der red fap that office, tube (if they be Moores op Gentiles) doe fet a feale vpon the arme, bauing 
thereonthe armes of Portingal, to be knowen of the porters of the citie, whether they haue the laid 


licence 03 no. Cee 
3 COCHIN; 
The waight, meaſure, and money, currant in Cochin. 
Lichemarchannife which chey ell op bup tuithen the faibeiie,chep bargaine fo tat fo many 


es per quintal, which is 128. rotilos of iuſt waight with the quintal ¢ Rotilo of Goa, 
and Ormuz:aduertifing there are diners forts of barres accoꝛding to the foxes of tõmodities. and 
intraliquing they reaſon at fo much che barre, Note that there are barres of 3. quintals @ 3 quin- 
tasandabalfe,and 4. quintals. They abate a vſep tare of all marchandiſe, accoping to the fore ol 
goods, um onder taken for the fame, 
e mealure of Goa and Cochin are all one. 
e money ol Cochin are all the fame {ores lhich are turrant in Goa, but the dutat of golde 
value is 0. enges of good money. 
The euftorhe of Cochin as well inward, as ourward fax all leangers, is 8. in the hunden hut 
laue chat haue bene matter 4-peere in the countrey pay but 4. in the hundged per aduiſo. 
e MAL ACH A. f 
The waight, meaſure, and money of Malaca, 


ingall and 2 2, of pete make a Chazza. | 

¢Chazza ig alſo oftiune with the (ato armes, and 2,0f thefe make a challaine. 

Rot ac leroy ame armes, and 40. of thefe make a Tanga ol Goa good 
Te famp alaca, , ' 

Cherie alta fog of ner monep which they call Patachynes, ind is twojth 6.canges of good 
money, which 18 3 50, repes, aud is campen ih two lecters, S. T. whichis S. Thomas an tte 
ene fide and the Portingall un the other fie, i 

Chere is allo a kinde of money called cruz ados tampen muith che armes of Poningal, ann is 
Worth 6.canges goon one p che larines art tuery . of them woßch 2. cruꝛ ados, which is 12. can · 
"fee thete larines be af thole which art in Balfare, a Ormuz. 


rs. eee Jaanges a q maner. 


217 


n he voyages and diſcoueries Whence gr 


y or the 
caniels burs 
den. 


The cuttome of M⸗alaca is 10. in the 100. as well inwatde as out warde, and thoſe whit 
the diltome in warde il in cale 4 che ame gong fy un cher place wache terme ates 


and a day, pay no cuftome fo? 


a Ante o changes fm Aleppo to Goa,as followeth. 9 


Dy camels from Aleppo to Birrha. 

Foz mules from Aleppoto Birrha, 
$0 cuſtome at Birrha, ote 
ch Auania of the Cady at Birrha, 
Foz 4.vihes reaſons, and ee 
Fo pꝛeſent to the Ermine the ſomme ok 
Fopa barke of 30.0) 35. ſummes. Duc. 60.iĩs 
For meate lo; the men the ſumme ß 
F; tuſtome at Racca the ſumme of 


Foz — 8, and 1 f. pounds of ſope, 


For cuſtome to oriſſei, Dut. 20. is 
Foz tuſtome at Dea the ſumme ol 


Fon 4. diſbes realings. and 20. pounds ol ſare. 


Foz cuſtome at Boſara, the ſumme of 
For 2. diſbes reaſings, and 10. pound of ſope, 
Foz cuſtome in Anna, in 10. per ſumme, 


Fo; 4. diſhes of reaſings, and 20. pound of ſope. 
for cuſtome in Adite, medines 10. per barke, 


Foy 2. diſbes reaſings, and 10,pound of ope, 
Foz cuſtome at Gweke, 

Foz 2dithes reaſings, and 20. pouud ol ſope, 
oz tuſtome in Iſt, 


Fon 4. platters reaſings, and 20. pound of ſope, 


Charges of prefents at Felugia, 
ox camels from Felugia to Babylon, 


Medines 60. per fomme, 
med, 45. pet ſomme. 
med. 10.per ſomme. 
med. 200. 

med. 35. 

med. 400. 
med. a 400. per barke, 
med. 200. 

med.. per ſomme. 

med. 25. 


me 
med. 230. per barke. 
med. 35. 
med. i. per barke. 
med. 17, 

med. 10. per ſomme. 
med. 35. 

med. 10. per barke. 
med, 17. 

med, 10. per barke. 
med. 17. 

med. 10. per ſomme. 
med. 35. 
med. 20. N 
med. ʒ o. per ſomme. 


0} cuſtome in Babylon, as in tbe booke appeareth, 


F; barke from Babylon to Balſara, 
Fox tullome of ſmall wares, at Corno, 


oy tuſtome of clothes at Corno, the ſumme of 


Foz z. diſhes reaſing s, and 20. pound of fope, 


med. oo. 

med. 2 * ſomme. 
med. per ſomme. 
med. 26. 


Foz kraight from Balfara to Ormuz, artoꝛding to che greatneſſe, as inthis bocke appentech. 
Foz cuſtome in Ormu, as is aboueſaid in this bocke. : 
or fraight from Ormuz to Goa. as is iu this booke ſhewen. 


Fos cuſtome in Goa, as is abouetain, 


A declaration of the places whence the goods fube 


{cribed doe come. 


Loues, front Malucho, Tarenate Ambo- n from the countrie wihm 
C ia. 


na, by way of Iaua. 
Mutmeggs from Banda, 
Mates from Banda, Iaua, and Malacha. 
Pepper Gaunie, from Cochin. 
Pepper common, from Mallauar. 
Dinnamon, from Seilan. 
Tinne, from Malacha. 
Sandals wilde, from Cochin, 
Sannales vomelkicke, from Malaca, 
Uerzini, from S. Thomas, and from China. 
SOpicknard from Zindi, and Laor. 
Quickfiluer, from China. N 


Galls, from Cambaia, Bengala, Iftria ¢ Siria, Zedoari, from diuers places of India, 
pls Cubeb,from China. 


Ginger Dabulin, from Dabul. 


am 
Singer Sorattin, from Sorat within Cambsia 
Ginger Mord 1,fc5 Mordas within Cambas 
Ginger Meckin, from Mecca. ; 
2 trabolans of all ſoꝛts from Cambaia. 
ite ſucket from Zindi, Sambaia, an Ch 
Corcunia, from diners places of Indi 
Copolle of Leuant, from Mallauer. . 
Chomin from Balſara. 
e ai 
Garble of Rutmegs from Banda. 
Sal Armoniake, from Zindi and Cambais, 


Amonio, 


IF 


8 


| 


— Whence drugs come. ofthe Englifh nation. 219 
—. J from China. if ke front Tartarie, bp map of China. 

state em Chole Which pap Cunpbers, from Brimeo nere to China, r eee ee 

e plate duch terme ofa yee ta iam Arabia Fe icosReorn Bingen & aia, 


followeth. 
o. per { fomme, 
pk ſomme. 
per fomme, 


ia, from 
Belzuinum Mandolalo, frum frum Sian au Baros, 
sage a Gan Cape Belzuinumburnen from Bonnia. 
Scorax calamita, fraitt Rhodes ta fap, from A. Caftorium, from Almania. 
dens and Canemarie within Caramania,  Corallina, fromthe reab ſea. 


a from . Maſtikł from Scio. 
ona Nella from Romania. 
rab Gage enn Mallar dude Oppium, from Pugia, and Cambaia. 
Pe Ruvia to die twithal-,Crom Chalangi. e abr tam acre 
AY, umme di R tem China, an Conſtanti- pari exandria ann other places, 
5 aie Dates, from Arabia felix, and Alexandria. 
0 Chopra ftom Cochin and Mallauar. erke album ſtum Lombardia. 
p. per barke. Opp peng, from Perfia. ganti,from Morea. 
Aloes, from Cochin, China, and Ma- B55 ae ne u. 
per barke. Epithymum tom Candia, 
ben fie shes and Blinton. S mt Mecca. 
per fomme, Galange,from China,Chaul,Goa, Cochin. Gumme Arabike,from Zaffo. 
Lacchafrom Pe Ballagate. Grana Coronto. 
. per barke. Carabbe, from Almanie, e am Candia, 
Coloquintida, from Cyprus, n apis lazzu erfia, . 
per barke. ne Aleu Lapis Zudaſſi rom Zaffetto, 
Scamonea from Syria, and Perſia. i Teen Aloe denn 
per ſomme. dellium from Arabia felix, aud Mecca. 
Cadamomum ſmall, from Barcellona. Manns fom Pet 7g: N 
7 Cardamomum great, tum Bengal. 1 places of Ente. 
per ſomme. Tamrinda from Baliara. th Pilatvo tum Barbari 
Aloe Secutrina,from Secutra. len, — fm Doria, 
. di Heese Seam Pc. Wonne - ſeede, from Perfia, 
ſomme. Balſara, ai Perſia. Sumack, frum Cyprus. * 
omme. deere Peta un 5 pr bi 
. Rhaponticum, from Pugia. anum 2. 2. 
inthis bocke apperreth. I * , Dente d'AbolicsftontiMelinde,e Mofambique, 
G Din Diu, and Cambaia. Folium Indicum, from Goa, and Cochin, 
Puts of India, from Goa, and other parts or Diafprum viride, um Cambaia, 
India. N i 0” Petra Bezzuar, ſrum Tartaria, 
ds lube Nux vomica, from Mallauar. Sarcacolla, from Perſia. 
700 fs Sanguis Draconis, ftum Secuta. Melle bete frumthe Uleſpats. 
88 Perſia. Sugod Requillicie, from —. 
je countrie wi Spodio di Cana, front Cochin. ne C enilo, from the dict In n 
» Foor the * Margaratina from Ballagate, Rubarbe, from Perfia,anp China. 
from Sorat within Cambais, 
i fc5 Mordas within Cabin The times or ſeaſonable windes called monſons, where. 
Mecca. 
1855 pts Ca n the hips depart froin place to place in the Eaft᷑ hien. 
BS cherche ditt of Goa, is te mienctpall place ofall the Dyieucal India Ech winter there 
mers places of India, NUP iti Gos en ben une ee ol Augult lo that 
e * bring ae face hip cam pale uer n of Goo, beraut chaugh the citinual (houresof raint 
iar ulthe lands topne togteher nere but a mountaine called Oghane, Fall theſe fands being topned 
e CRON together nme int the (hoales of che bare and port of Goa, and ther flue, but cores 
eas fon Ban Canbab maine in that pont. and therefore is Hut vp punt Muck atthe 10. u Augutt it opes 
recs places Hindi aaa Sane TA exten in Wann, 
a 


Auodio 


The voyages and diſcoueries ‘Tbe monjig, 


The monſon from Goa to the North ward, eo * for Chaul, Diu, 
. apni 
The Chippes depart betwirt * 2 for warde places 
ſaide, e at ne ofthe pee, eee ce eh 
neth and endeth at the times abouel 
Theron fea heN orth ant Goa. 
Che ſhippes vepart from Chaul, Diu, a, and other places Nonchwardeg 
epee a Kk eee somnete. Soa about che eude of Febzuarie. ou 
The ſirſt monſon from Diu for the ſtraight of Mecca, 
Seeg en Dic bebe 15 . Janurtie, and returnt ſrumthe Bttaighen u du 
in the monethol Augulk. 
The fecond monfon from Diu for the ſtraight of Mecca, 
The thips pa bectwirethe 25. and Grit of Heptember, an returne krom the Struth 
Diu,the 1. and 13,08 Hay. 
The monſon ſtom Secutra for Ormuz, f 
The ſhips been about here of Aug Ormuz ‘albeit Secutra iu an Belande annhas 
but few Chips tbc) Depart ag 
N — wherein the Moores of the firme land 
come to Goa. 
About the 15. of September the oder o the firme lande beginne to come to Gos, thy 
come from all a eather sites ala as alls from Sudalcao, and other pla. 
The monſon wherein the Moores ofthe firme land 
8 Pi po from obi W 9 0 
Th art from oa betwixt the 10. nd 15. day of Nouember. at iy 
Jone fs re tbe bepering fem Goa.fo Chad, Diu, Cambaia, Damen, Bal, G “ti 
other places vnto Zindi, ann by che wouthis vndertuode, departing from Goa, fo) Cochem 
all that coaſt vuto Cape Comot . t 
The fic monſon fiom Goa for Ormuz, |: 
The thivpes Depart in the month of October from Goa, mona, pling with Euler 
windes along che toaſt ol Perſi a. 
ſecond monſon from Goa to Ormuz. 


"Che thips depart about the 20, of Januarie palling by the like nauigation and winden au n 

the ſirſt monſon, and this is callenof the Forties and Indians Entremonfon, 
The 3.monfom from Goa to Ormuz. 

The lips depart berrwistebe 25. At Paveh, and 6, of April, hauing Eaſterly twindes.cil typ 
paſle Secutra, and then thep Guoe ¶eſterty winden and ther 8 — 
coaft of eee face and the Straight of Ormus, and this monſon 
is moſt eee fag thep unde 2 Mauigations in che height of Seylan, which is 60 


grees and ſomemhat 
Theffuſtmonſon Soci Ormuz for Chaul and Goa. 


The ſhips depart from Ormuz fo; Chaul amd Goa in the moneth of September, with Ruch, 
and en windes. 
ö The ſecond monfan om Ormuz for Chaul, 


helden e monfon i bertirt the 25. ak ul ok December, tnith like winden as che ly 
mer monſon 
<n 3. monſon from Onnus for Chaul, and Goa. 


om Fee [lind agate pla 1 a0 1 5 f. 


CS ‘Lhe monfons, 


— 
for Chaul,Diu, 
laces. 


nthe Rorhwerde 


r Goa. 


laces Popthinardes oN 
18 in 
f Mecca. 


rene feamnthe Sceaighes d Di 


t of Mecca, 
returne krom the Strain 


2 i 
Secutra ig an Allande ame 
firme land 


ginne ta come to Goa, any 
om Sudalcao, and other places, 
me land 


ber. Note that b 
Baan Bd Walle 
ing from Goa, fo? Cochin am 


ming ECaſterly winves till 
2 
niet sien this monſon 
of Seylan, whichis 6 


nd Goa. 
ry of September, with Aor, 


naul, 
with Like windes as che fry 


3 = ‘ofthe Englifn nation of} 


» Hicheto Thane noted the monſons of the hips departicig· 


fan Goa to the Narthiward: Nu folowe the hen. wherein. 
the ſhips depart: e e oon 
qThe monſon from Gos for. Calicut,Cochin Seilan, 
from thoſt pl 5 aoe aol Augutand chere they finde 
T3252 depart eplares 11) 
sel bere eae winter, whisheonsinueth as is aboueſald, from the 1 110 Note. 
the 10. of Auquſt. In like maner the bins come ee net ere 
ee ee Nauener, December 


marie, 
ne % The firft montoa Emm Gondor Peps... 
sae er Goa ine a 2 — a un er ats Thomas ab 
they Thomas } 
pen ch 2 ene 
vepatt from Goa, betwixt che g. ann a 6. af op i 
eee eee ae etn e 
Ayr as in afopeſaid. that the chielell erade is, to take money oi S. Thom aha Nur pe 
3 TE ancy oem pe inter CN of indi good foy Spee 
there is great quantitie made in Chara e thither, and other 
eee Cmeraulogopenal, Fo oie 
aan Rubies chere is fuffictent Goze in 
The monion ben ape dhe Indes. 
Che bie deyert from pegu betwiyrthe 15.6 25 Tee 290 
Much o inthe beginning of Appl, Nate . iht if ie pale che 10 of ap 
mued in Goa they can not come thither that monſon, aud il they haue en let the coat of 
India they (hall with great peril fetch S. Thomas. 
The firſt monſon from Goa, for Malaca. 
A ez anb lattof Byrenber, eee 


The ſecond monfon from Goato Malaca. f 
Che his depart about the Wire en from Goa, and atriue in Malaca about the: 1 5 558 
The firſt monſon from Malacato Goa, 
Che hips depart about the 10, September an come th Goa abot the ende of October 
Resins ae fecond monfon =p hiner plato e 
depatt from Malata about the 10, f come to Goa ende 
ach. But if the faid hips ſhould fap till che 10, of ay, they cannot enter into Goa, and ik at 
that time allo they ſhould not be arriued at Cochin, | thep ave fogcen eoreturne to Malaca, becaule 
tolnter and contrarp windes then come vpon them 
The monſon from Goa. for China. 
The ſhiys depart from Goa inthe moneth of April, 
The monfon from China for Goa. 
Che hips vepart to be che 10,0f Pay in Goa, and being not then arriurd, they turn backe to 
Cochin, and “ree cannot fetch Cochin, they returne to Malaca. 
The monſon from Goa to the Moluccaes, 


222 The voyagesatiddifcoueries Fobn Exelhams, 


D cay wat fete u they then goe lop Cochin, but il ther an ne 
Sai returne t ee celan Albee tiene 
out Lof0'r 5 ehe reh wipe San Lorenz wonderful fope fea besten she 8, 
of October, which was accounted as a myꝛacle for chat the like had not bene ſtene befne, 
10? The monfon from India for 
8 ek Portingall. 9 * 

e ſdippes vepare fer Cochin betwtene the 15. and January, on til 
guet Capo de buona fpetanza, and the Ille of 5 Helena,tubjich Illande is n 
being in 16, degrees to the Mouth, Aud it is a liele Illand being kruittull of alt chings which d 
mai gine, with great Tope of ſruite: and this Iſlanve is a great ſuceourtothe ſbippim 
which returne fo Portingall. And not long fince,the ſaid Iſland was founde by the Portinpals, 

d was diſcouered by 95 that came from the Indies in a great ſloꝛme, in which they founre 
ch banane x Dboares,ann all {ope of fruite chat by meanes thereof that pon 
thippe, which had bene 4, moneths at fea, vefrethen themſelues both with water and meate 
well, and this Alland they called S.Helens becaut it was difcoucred vpon S.Helens day, And yy, 
souteeblp eh lan i eat Gucrouranb fo qreatan apdeto tbe hp of Pordin al that 
would ſure ly periſh ik that hetpe wanted, And thereloye the king of Portingal tauled a Church 
be made there lo deuotton ol S. Helena: where there are onely telldent Eremits, and all other irt 

foꝛbivden to in habite there by the kings cumm ent to the ende that the uppes may be the 

e with victuals berauſe the Hips which come from India come bucflem 
y victualled, hetauſe there groweth no come there, neither make they any wine: but che ips 

which come from Portin gal to che Indies touch not in che ſalde Mann, betauſe they Cet out being 

decent aer wi pean ane eee 

ple then the 2,1 g aboueſaide, can not inhabite this Illand, except forme licke man that um 

be letthere a ſhoare to remaine in the Eremites compante,fop his helpe and retouerie. 

. The monſon from Goa to Mofambique, 

The ſhips vepart betwixt the 10. and 15. of. Jaumarie. 

N The monſon from Moſambique to Goa. 

Che Hips depart bertocene the 8. an laſt of Auguſt, and ariue in Chaul o; Goa in the moneth 
of October, till the 15 f Mouember. 

Ihe monſon from Ormuz to Bengala. 

* The tips vepart betwixt the 1 5. and 20. cl June, and goe to winter at Teue and depart then 
about the x 5. at Augutt fo, Bengala, 


The voyage paſſed by ſea into Egypt b ‘Tohn Eueſham 
CBA e 


he 5. of December 1586. we departed from Graueſend in the Tiger of London 
wherein was Matter vnder God fan the voyage Robert Rickinan, and the 21. 
Nas fre, Day at night wee came to the Ille of Wight: departing from thence in the mop 
nag following we han a faire winde, fo that on the 27. day wee came in fink of 
Y A che rockeof Lisbone, and fafapling along we came in fig be of the Bouth Cape, 
am. » the 29. of the fame, and on the moꝛtowe with a Meſterly winde wee entred ihe 
Straights: and the 2. of Januarie we being as high as Cape de Gate, we ed from our lierte 
towards Argier. And the 4. day we arriued at the port ol Argier afopefaid, where we Mayen tillche 
irſt of March. At which time we fet {aile to wardes a place called Tunis, to the Eaſtwarde of Ar- 
zer rad leagues, where we arriuer the 8. ofche lame. This Tunis is a imal citie vp 12. miles 
mthe fea, and at the port ox rode where ſhipping doe ride, is a caftle 07 font called the Goleu, 
_fometimes in the handen of the Chniſtians, but now in the Curkes : at which place we remained 
till the chirve of Apzill: at which time we fet faile towardes Alexandria, and hauing ſometimt 
faite windes, ſometime contrarp, wee palled an the 12. dap betweene Sicilia and Malta, (nber 
neere adiopning hath bene the fore and holde ofthe Knights of the Rhodes) and ſo the 19. buy i 
fel wich the Ille of Candie, and ktom thente to dria, where we arriued the 27 at April aw 
Ehedeteripe we ——— berea lade uh 
dan ol Aera · The ſaid citie of Alexandria its an olde thing becaped opruinated,haning bene a faire and gien 
N Fite erte tna mien n iengeh being aft date bmnerneath in youiion of feel wean, At 


, CT Ba rene eis 
I Eurſbum. of the Engliſn nation. 223 


paer comet chither but ence eurrp peere aut of ame of che foure riurrs of naradiſe (as it in ters 
| n neere elgterene foots spoirbe bigber, chen bis 
nie 


accuttomed 
sndria,at a tut called Rocetto, it both (0 come tu the (aide Citie , with (ich aboundance, that 
„ ssf toelneCunhe doe tome bpon the fame water, which water doch Gl all the pales, fe: 
bernes , and wels in che 8 3 — Ar fo 101 good, bh next 
b for then haue there very litte rame .o none at all. pet haue thep exceeds at 
warp, ging on til thep ben Ede dae 0 tonne, and very ace bis ery be, bec 
ande is about the mia, ally in the moneths of Auguk, veptember, and October. Alſo, within the aide Citic, chere is a 
trull of all chings which s of arble,callen by the Curkes, Ning Pharoes neevle,and it is foure (quare, euerp ſquatt 
my stern eet 9 de cclue bote, andit is in beigth 90. mute. A Ita chere is twithout the wals of che laid Cie, about 
s ſounde bp the Portingals, bent (cove parts auotyer marble pillar, being rounde, called Pompey bis pillar s this pallar 
opie, in which they founre unre vpon a great (quare fone, euery ſuuare is Gfteene ſoote, anb the fame Mone is Afteene 
bp meanes thertol chat pone bar bighano che compaſſe of the pillar is 27, oote and the beigeh of itis 102. feete, which is a 
ee onvertodhinke hows euer it toas poltibleco fet che faid pillar wponche ſald (quate fone, C 
vpon > r portofthe (ain Citic is ſtrongly foyeificd with two ſerong Caftles, and one other Cate within 
12 —— ihe Citi, being all very well plancep twith remmicion : and there is to che Eaſtward ofthis Cie, 
ortingal cauten a Chutchth about ther daies iourne y the Citie of Grand Cayro,othertuile called Memphis: it hath iu it by ¢apyo, 
ee mec np of hereafter bookes, which we dio (ee, to che under of 2 400. C hurthen . and is won · 
erer onen werfully populous , and is one vaies iourney about the mals, which was iourneied by one of our 
ne From India come butflem parrinets,fop teiall chereof, Alfo,ncert cache (ato Citie chere is a place called the Pyrammides, 
n bang as d may well terme it, one of che nine wonders ol the woꝛld : that is, ſeuen leuerall pla 
d. . et out being esof fine and marble ftone,foure ſquate, the wals chereof are fewen partes thicke in chole places 
* enaees np other pew that te did fees che {quavenesizin length about twentie core euery ſquare, being built as it were 
eptſome licke man tha map apotnted diamond, bꝛoad at the fate, aud ſmall o; narrote at the toppe : the heigthol them, tu our 
pe anbrecouctie, iudgement,doch (urmount tute the beigth ol Paules Steeple: within the laide Pyrammides, no 
. man doth kuow what there is, fo that they haue no entrance, but in the one of them there is a hole 
there the wall is bꝛoken, and ſo we went in chere,pauing torch light with va, fop that it bach no 
lighttoit, and within the fame, is at it were a great hall, in the which there is a toſtly tombe, 
Chaul oꝭ Goa in the money whichtombe they ſap. was made fo King Pharao in bis life timr, but he was not buried there, be⸗ 
ing no wned in the red ſea: alſo there are certaine vatites, op dungeona, which goe dome very 
deepe vnder thoſe Pyrammides, with faire ſtaires, but no man dare benter to go down into them. 
er at Teue and depart thence byrtaſon that they can carp no light with them, fo the dampe of the earth Eik ou the Lighes 
lohn Eueſham 


ſend in the Tiger of Londen 
obert Rickman, and the 21. 
ting from thence inthe mop 
27. day wee came in fight of 
in Gabe of the South Cape, 
efterlp winde wee entred iſe 
zwe ed from our erte 
at, where we ftapen tilly 

i aſtwarde of Ar. 

12. miles 
Goletta, 


fore of marchandize 
land out ofthe Catt India: and it is 8 of all manner of victuals.eſpecially of head, 
of Cayro, there is a Mell, fue miles of, called Matria, 


odes) and fo the 19. day m 
fee in 


hauing bene a faire aud gien 
— erm, 


224. he voyages and diſeoueries Laurence Alderfey, 


d liſhe, good ftore, and verp theape. It is iababicen with Curkes, Woores, anv 
of lithmen onelp 15. which ———————ͤ— 
os haat 587. andthe 30, dap of the ſaid moneth, we —— 
toaſtot England. he) + castes Si | 


; The ſecond voyage of Matter Laurence Aldetfey, to the Cities 
190 of Alexandria and Cayro in Apt. Anna 1586. 


n embarked my ſelfe at Briſtoll, in the Hercules. a good thip of London, anv 
fom fatle the 21. day of Fehzuarie, about tenokthe clocke in the moꝛning, ad 
n a mterep wind: but the 23. day there arofe a very great tonne, and in the mig 
er it we deſcried a ſmall boate of the burden of ten tunes, with foure meni 
9 ber, in very great danger, who called a maine for our helpe. Cuhereupmnom 


112 


10 Maſter made towards them and tooke them into our ſhippe, and let the boat, 
which was laden with timber, and apyertainedto Chepſto w to runne a dziſt. The fame night 
bout midnight, arole another great Hopine,but the wind was large with vs, vntil the 27. ofthe 
fame moneth, which chen grew ſome what contrarp: vet notwirhſtanding, we held on our courte, 
and the tenth day of March, we deferied a faile about Cape Sprat, which is a little on this five tig 
ſtreight of Gibryltare, hut we fpake not tach her. Che next day we deſcried twelue fatle nr, 
with whome we thought to haue ſpaken, to haue learned hat they were hut they made very ft 
away, and we gaue them ouer. 

Thurſdap che 16. of March, we hav fig he of che ſtreighes, and of the coaſtol Barbarie. Che is, 
Day we patted them, and (ailen towards Petras. Upon the 23. f March, we met with the Cen. 
turion of London, which came from Genoa,bp whore we ſent letters to Eng land, and the lam 
men allo which we tooke in, vpon che roaſt of England, befoꝛe mentioned, 

The 29. of March, we tame to Goleta, a ſmall and and had light of two ſhippes, which w 
fudged to be of England. a a 

Cuelday che fourth of A mil, we wert before Malta, and being there betalmed, our after caw 
ſedthe two ſhippe boates to be had out aun they towed the ſhippe, till we were out of fia yeotthe 
Caſtle of Malta. The . day ot Apꝛiil, we came to Tante, and being before che to wne, William 
Aldridge, ſtuant to Maſter Thomas Cordall of London, came abooo vg, with whomt our He 
Leer, and 1 2, mode of our companie thought to haue gone on ſhoare, but they tould not be pern 
cen: we all tame abooꝛd againe, and weut to Petras, where we arriued vpon good Friday, n 
lay there with good entertainement, at che Engliſh houle, where was the Conſul Maſter Onm 
Ralfe Afhley,¢ Iohn Doddington, foo very kindly went with vs, and ſhewed vs the plealaes 
of the towne. 

They bꝛought vs to the houſe of the Cady, who was made then to vnderſtand of the 20. Cult 
that we had abtoꝛd, which were to go to Conſtantinople, being redermed out of captiuitie, byſt 
Francis Drake, in the weit Indias and bougit with him into Eng land e by oder ofthe Quems 

Countrep, Wihercupon the Cady commanded them to be brought 
them: aud when he had tatken wich them, and vnderſtoode hen 


pu 

boufe in Zante, where J was very bell entertained, The commodities 

andoflesthe fituation ofthe totune is vnder a very great high hill, vppon which Manveth a ver? 
ſtrong Cattle, which cummandeth the tome, At Zante we tooke in a taptaine, and 16, ſoulditti, 
with other pallengers Ale departed from Z ante, vpon Tuedayß 1 5 of April¢ che nexe day te 
ankred at a ſmal Iſland, callen Strivalia, which is deſolate of people, ſauing a fem religions men, 
who entertained vs wel, out taking any monie but of curtefie tue beine muh wie 


Laurence Alden) 


arriuen at Dartmouth, anche 


letſey, to the Cities 
* 


4 good fhip of London, ano 
clocke in the pir 

p great ſtonme, and in the maß 
ten tunnes, with foure men n 
n our helpe. Tihereuponour 
to dur ſhippe, and let the boate, 
mne a dit. The fame nigit a 
e with vs, vntill the 27. of the 
landing, we held on our court, 
which is a little on this five tie 
we deſtried twelue ſaile mon, 
ey were, but they made very fet 


of che coaſt of Barbarie. The is, 
March, we met with che Cen- 
tters to Eng land, and the foure 
mtioned, 

there betalme our Malttrtn⸗ 
, till we were out of fia heorthe 
being before the towne, William 
boo bs, With whome out He 
but they tould not be pern 
arriued vpon good Li ribay, anh 
pas the Conſul Maſter Grins, 
vs, mid Chetwen bs the plenſun 


to vnderſtand of the 20. Cut 
De D 
gland, e by oer 

Pommanber chem to be bah 


ina 

b Ann, che next Day be 

ple. fung a fete religion mee, 
Tame w 


| Laurence Alderſey. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


mꝛintenance, and then they gane bs a couple of leane ſheepe, which we caried a 
1 — of Apull, we arriued at Candie, at a Cale, calles Sowdaye, sbeebs te 
se Captain — matriners a fhoare, which we cooke in at Zante , with all their cars 


Ee ace day of hey be fet tite again, anb the fourth. vay tame to the Iſlande of Milo, 


225 


Candie. 


Max. 
Che 


there we aukered, and found the people there very curtcous,andtooke in ſuch necellaricsas we 55 ry 


wanted. The “ated in my iudgement a hundged in number, and all within the compaſſe of 
4 hundzed miles, ö vied 

Cie 11, dap,the Chaus, which is che greatet man there in authozitie, fop certaine offences 
done in alittle Chappell by che water Live, which they ſaid one of our thippe had done, and impu⸗ 
tenitto me, becauſe I was feene goe tuto it three Dates befope, came co vs, and made much a doe, 
ſothet we were faine to come out of our ſhippe armen, but by thee peeces of golde the habling 
was ended and we came to dur ſbippe. This day we allo {et ſaile, and the next day palled by the 


Cillle of Serpe to, which is an olde ruinated thing, and ſtandeth puder a hils fine, 


Che 13, day, we pafked by the Illandof Paris, ann the Alland of the bankes of Helicon, and the 
Gland tallen Diccer, where are many Boares, aud the women be Mitches. The fame dap alfo 
hay Ban Compe eee vpon a very high mountaine, aud neere vnto it is the 

lana. 


of Milo. in old 


tine called 
Spolades. 


Che 15. of Pay. we came to So here J fated 3 3. daies. Ju it is a very pꝛoper town, after the Si 


buldding of that Countre p, and the people are ciuill: and while we were here, there tame in fire 
gallies, which had bene at Alexandria, and one ofthem which was the Admirall, had a inte of 
the Moores ppifoner, whome they tooke about Alexandria, and they ment to pꝛeſent him to the 
Lutte. The towne ſtandeth in a valley, and along the water fine pleaſant ly. There are about 26. 
vindemils about it, and the connnodities of it, are cotton wooll, cotton parne, maſtike, and ſome o- 


ther hugs. 

da we remained at Sio there grew a great controuerſle betweene the marriners of the Her- 
cles and the Greekes of the tone of Sio, about the bringing home ofthe Curkes , which the 
Greches tooke in ill part, and the boies cried out, Vine el Re Philippi: whereupon our men beate 
the boits and they thꝛew ſtones, and {oa bpoile began, aud ſume of our men were hurt: but the 
Greches were letcht out of their houſes, and manacles together with prongs, and threatned to the 
gallieg: about fortie of them were Cent to the prifon, and tbat became of them, when wee were 
gene, we knom not, lu we went thente within 2. daies after, which was the nineteenth of June. 


Che 20, day we palſed by che Illand of Singonina, an and rilen by the cattingof ſtones in Smgonma 


that plare : che ſubſtante ol the ground there is bꝛimſtone, and butneth ſometime s ſo much, that it 
blotwech vp the rockes. u 

Che 24. of June, we came to Cyprus, and had fight inthe way ol the aforefaine fire gallies. 
that came ftom Alexandria, one tobereof came vnto vs, andrequireda prefent fo2 himſelfe, anv 
la tuo of the other gallies, which we for quietnes fake gauecyem, 

Che 27, of June, we came to Tripolis, where I ſtaied till che fife of July, aud then tooke pal 
fagein a ſmall barke, talled a Caramaſate, which was a paſlage boate, and was bound fo) Bick- 
pe miles on this five Alexandria, which boate was freighted with Curkes,opones, 
ewes, 


Che 20, day of July, this barke which J pallen in, ranne vpon arocke, and was in very great 
banger, ſo that we all began, ſome to be readyto ſwimme, fome to leape into the ſhippe boare, but 
pleated God to let vs quickly uff che tocke, and without much harme. 


Che 28, of Julp, I came to Bickbert, where I was well entertained of a Jewe, which was Bickbert 


the Cutomer there, giuing me Mulkadine, and Drinking water himſelfe : hauing bꝛoken my taſt 


with hin he pꝛouided me a Tamell for my carriage and a Mule for me to ride vpon, and a 


torunne by me to the Citie of Alexandria, who had charge to fee me ſafe in the Englich houle, Te e 


KAberman Martyns, called the Tyger of London, where J was well reteaued of the Mater ol 
Gelato thippe, whole name was Thomas Rickman, and of all the tompanie, 

The fain Malter hauing made me good cheere. and made me atfoco winke of che water ol Ni- 
lus hautne the keies or the Eng liſh houſe, went thither wich me bimfelfe, and appointed me a 
lun huber, and left a man with me, to prowive me all tbüngs that J needed, and euery day 
ee me, and carted me into che Citie and ſhewed me the monuments chereof, wich 


T fy 
poute i 


wherber J tame, but found no Eng lich men there: but chen mp guide byoug he me aboorva lippe a 


ndꝛia. 


demande me fet i Pompey bis pla wbichis a migbelethenz vf grep macble, am allof tents e 
one 


Kofletto, 
be Curkes 


. 
Rent, 


Capie. 


Che Engliih 


one ſtone, in heigth by eſtimation, aboue 5 2. parde 


— : — ñ—— —— 
226 The voyages and diſcoueries Laurence Alder/ey, 


8, ano the tompaſſe about fire fadome 


The Citie hath thꝛee gates, aue talledt he gate of Barbaria,che other ol Merina, audche ch 


of Roſetto. 


he Loughe me to a fone in a ſtreete of the Citic, whereupon S. Marke was beheaded: tothe 


place where S. Catherine died, hauing thert hid her ſe llt, bet aul the would not marrie: allo to the 
Bath of S. Catherine. f 


I (awe there alſo, Pharoes needle, which is a thing in heigth almott equatl with Pompeys p. 


lar, and is in compatte fiue fadom,and a halfe, and all of one fone. 


A was brought alſo to a moſt naue anv daintie Bath, where me waſhed our {elues sche Buh 


being of marble, and of very curious 


workemanthip. 
The Citic ſtanveth vpn great arches oz vawtes lite vnto Churches , with mightie piltarg 


ol marble, to holde vp the foundation: which arches are built to receaue the mater of the tiuer of 
Nilus, which is for the vſe ofthe Citie. It bath thee Caſtles, and a hundzed Churches sbutche 


part that is deſtroted of it, is fire times mane then that part which 


The laſt day of July, A veparten from Alexandria, totwards Cayro, in a pallage boate, where · 


in firſt J went to Roſſetto, fanping by the riuer five hung tbirteene op foureteenc great Chup 
ches 7 it their building there is of Rone ¢ byicke, but as fog lodging chere is little, except we ben 
it with vs. 
From Noſſetto, we paſſed along the riuer ul Nilus, which is fo famous in the woꝛlo, twiſt as 
hyoad as the Thames at London : on both fives growe Date trees, in great aboundance 
people be rude, inſomuch that a man can not ttauell without a Laniſſar to conduct him. 


+ Cy 


The time that J Kaiedin Aegypt, was the Turken and Moopeg Lent, iu all which timethey 


time, but all the night they doe nothing els. 


burne lamps in their Churches, as many us may hang inthem: chetr Lent mdurech 40. naieg, 
and they haue thꝛee Lents inthe peere: during which time they neither tate nop winke inthe day 


Betwixt Roſſetto, and Cayro there are along che water fide cher hundꝛed cities and towurt 


anv che length ok the way is notaboue three bunvyed miles; 


Cothis famous Citieof Cayro, I came che liſt pap of Augulk, where J found Maſter Willi. 
am Alday, and William Cæſar, who intertainenme in very good forte, Patter Cæſar bꝛougheme 


toſee the Pyrammides, which are three in uumber one whereof Ring Pharao made fo; bis aun 
tombe, the tombe it lelle is almott iu the top of it: the monuments be high. and 


in fopme 4.fquare, 


and eucry of the ſuuares is as long as a man may (hoot a touing atrowwe, and as high as a church, 
thoſe Pyrammides. 


A ſawe allo the ruines of the Citit of Memphis hard 
The houſe ol Ioſeph is pet ſtanding in Cayto, 


is a thing, bauing a plarem 


walke in ok 56, mightie pillars, all gilt with p ald, but I ſawe it nut, being then lame. 
The 11. dayof Augutt, the land was cut at Cayro, to let in the watet of che riuerof Nilus, 


which was done with great ioy, aud triumph, 


The 12. of Auguſt, J {ct from Cayro,tomardg Alexandria againe, and tanie chit her the 14. 
Auguſt. The 26. dap there was kept a great feaſt of the Turkes, and Mocges, which latter tun 
daies, and for a day they neuer teaſed (hooting off of great Ordinance, 

From Alexandria J ſailed to Argier, where J lap with Maſter Typton, Conſul of the Enge 
Conti at Ac. liſh nation, who vled me moſt kindly, and at his owune charge. Oe broughe me to the kings Cout, 
and into the prefence of the Ring to lee him, and the manners ol the Court: the Ring doch only 
beare the name of a King but che greateſt gouernment is in the hands of the foulviers. 


The Ring of Potanca is prifonerin Argier hotomming to Conſtantinople, to acknotwleng 


a dutie to the great Turke, was betraied by his owe Nephew, who tote to the Curke, the 
went onely as a ſpie, by that meanes to get bis kingdome. I heard at Argier of ſeuen gallies ihn 
were at that time caſt away, at atone called Formentera, three of them were of Argier, cher 


ther foure were the Chziſtiaus. 


el 


1 


2 


S 


48853 5 


aurence Alderfey, 
pevof Merina, andthe chiry 
farke was beheaded: tothe 
would not martie: alſo to the 
fit equal with Pompeys yi, 
wathen our {clues sche Bah 
oS, with migbtie 

. 
bund Churches ꝛbutthe 
din a paſſage bontt, uber 
ec ſoureteene great Chu 
bere is little, extent we bim 
mou in the lp, twile as 


per tate noꝛ dinke inthe dap 
hundred cities and tout, 


here J found Maſter Will 
te. Maſter Caiarbrougheme 
Pharao made fo; bis ont 
high and in fopme 4.fquare, 


ne, and tame chit her the 14. 
Nd oozes, tohich lalted t 


te. 

Typton, Conſul of the Eng 
ought me to the kings Court, 
Court: the King doch onelp 
pg of the ſouldiers. 
onftantinople,to acknotwleg 
o wrote to the Curke, thb 
at Argier of ſeuen gallieg tht 
chem wert of Argier, theo 


eof London, canes ip 
fugar,bives, and 

made Rebe pes 
the bun dar of Au 


a 4 
Fightin the Leuant. of the Engliſn nation. 227 


— — 
ann tbe fiett bap el Febnurie. I landed at Darcmouth andthe ſeuenth day came to London, with 
humble thanken to Aintightic Gon ing my Cafe arriuail, 

ormed in the voyage from 


Atrue report of a worthie fight, perf 
Turkse ,by fine fhippes of London, Qainſt eleuen gallies, and two fri- 
gats of the King of Spaines, at Pantalarea within the Sueights, 
Anno, 15 8.6. Written by Philip Iones. 


be Parchants of London, being of the incoppopation foꝛ the Curkie trade. ha⸗ 
90 7900 uing receauen intelligences, and aduertiſements, from time to time, that the 
NY LER, Liittg Of Spaine grudging at the profperitie of this kingdome, had not oncip of 
dite arreften all Eng lit cheppes, bodies, an in Spaine, but alſo malig 
ning the quiet tralſte which they vſed to and in the dominions, and pꝛouinces, 
2 vnderche obedience of the Great Curke, had giuen oꝛder to the Captaines of 
bis gallies,in the Leuant, to hinder the pallage of all Engliſh ſheppes, and to endeuour by their 
del meanes to interrept. take, and ſpoile them their perfons, and goods : they hereupon thought 
their bett courte to lette out their fleete for Turkic, in ſuch ſtrength and abilitie fo2 their ve: 
fente,that che purpole ok their Spanilh enemie, might the better be pꝛeuented, andthe voyage 
irtumpliſhed with greater ſecuritie to the men and thippes, Foz which cauſe, five tau, and toute 
fhippes, appertaining to London, and intending onely a Marchants vopage, were pꝛouided and 
farnithed with all chungs belonging to the ſeas the names whereol were theſe. 
1. The jo a Royall,a very bꝛaue aud goodly ſhippe, and of great report, 
2. The Tobie. 
3. The Edward Bonauenture. 
4 The William, and Iohn. 
5. The Sufan. * 
Thele fine departing from che coat ol England, in the moneth of Moucmber, 1585. kept to- 
ag one flecte,till hep tame as big as the File of Sicilic, within the Leuant. And there ace 
ing to the oꝛder and direction of the voyage each fhippe began to take leaue of the reſt, and to 
himſelfe, ſetting bis courte fop che particular porte , whereunto he was boued: one for 
Tripolis in Syria, another fo e . the chit ie Citie of the Turkes Empire, ſituated 
won the coat of Romania, called of olde Thracia, aus the reſt to thoſe places, whereunto they 
bert prinatlp appointed, But before they deuided themſe lues, they altogether conſulted, of and a · 
bout a certaine and ſpeciall place for their meeting againe after the lading of their goods at their 
ſtutrall portes, And in conclufion, che generall agreement was to meete at Zante, au Illande 
etre to the inatne continent of the Melt part of Morea, well knowen of all the Pilots, e thought 
tobe the fitectt place for their Rendeuous, Concerning which meeting, it was alſo couenanted 
oneche ſide, and promiled, that tohatfoeuer fhip of thefe 5. ould ſirſt arriue at Zante, ſhould there 
flapand expect the comming of the reſt of the flecte, for the {pace of 20. daves. This being done, 
eche man made his bett halt arcoꝛding as winde and wether would ſerue him to fullill his courſe, 
ind to dilpatch his bulmeſſe; and no neede was there to admonifh oz incourage any man, ſeeing 
n opoztunitie omitted on any five, in the performance of eche mans duetie, 
ng to his place. 
A kell out shat the Tobie which was bound for Conftantinople had made ſuch good ſperde, 
ad gotten ſuch good weather, that the ſirſt of all the reſt came backe to the appointed place of 
Zante, and not forgetting the former conclufion, did there caſt ancre, attending the arriuall of the 
telt of che fleete, which accoꝛdingly( their buſenes firtt perfouned)fatled not to keepe pꝛomiſe. The 
lk net after the Tobie was p Royal marchant, which together with the William e lohn tame 
from Tripolis in Syria, and arriurd at Zante withiu the compalle of the forefaive time limitted. 
Thee hips in token ofthe top on al parts conceined for their happy meeting ſpared not p diſchar. 
Ng of their oꝛdinante the founding of dummes and trumpets, the ſpꝛeading of Enſignes, with 
other warlike and iopfull bebauiours, exppeſling by theſe outtward ſigneg. the intuarde gladnelſe 
oftheir mindes, being all as reavie to ioyne together in mutuall conſent to refit the cruel enemie, 
ps wah {porting mance they made myꝛthe and paftime among themſelues. Theſe three had 
notBerte long in the hauen, but che Edward Bonauenture alfo, together withthe Sufan her cons 
ox, were come from Venice with their lading the ſigbt of whom increated the iop of the rell and 
they no leſſe glad of the pretence of che others, laluter them in moff friendly and kinde fore, atroꝛ 
ding to the maner of the leas: and whereas fome of theſe hips Moode at that inſtaut in ſome 1 


worre, that no thing wann 
id at Ehe other armie had 4 Gab 
charge and gy 


dreigbt 

of them it was athing in humane re 
ble, that me ſpould pall either without lpoiling il we re liſted, ꝙ without contpoficion at the 
and acknomledgement of dutie to the Mpaniſb king. 

But it was neither the report of the attendance of theſe armies no the opinions of the people, 
nop any thing els, chat could daune, i courages of our men, who grounding them 
flues vpon the goodnes of their caule,¢ the promile of God, to be deliuered from {uch as with 
out reafon, fought their deſtruction, caried reſolute mindes, nothithſtanding all impedimentz d 
aduenture choroush the eas, and to finiſhtheir nauigation, maugre the beardes of the Syanih 
ſauldiers. But leaſt they ſhould feeme too care leſſe, and too ſeture of their eſate, and by laying the 
whole and entire burden of their ſaketie, vvon Gods pꝛouidence, ſhould fooliſbip pꝛeſume a 
ther of his he lpe, and neglect the meanes which was put into their hands, they failed not tocnter 
into counſell among themſelues, and to deliberate aduiſedly for their beſt defenſe. And in the em, 


with generall conſent, the Marchant Royall was appointed Admiral of the Fleete, and the To. 


bie Niteadnurall, by whole opders the reſt pꝛomiſes to be directed , and each ſhippe vowed nate 
bꝛeake from another, whatſoeuer exttemitie ſhould fall out, but to Mand co it to the death fz the be 
nour of their Countrep, and the fruftrating of the hope of the ambitious, and proud enemie. 
Chus in good oer they left Zante, and the Cattle of Grecia, and connnittev themſelues v 
gaine to che ſeas, and proceeded in their courfe and vopage,in quietnes, a eee 
cpp tia eee 3 8 r eis, cng vee 
i e: tube reol they came er dap 2.15 0 ud e me day n mmi, 
about 7. of the clacke, they deſtried 13. failed in number, which were of the gallies, lying in hunt 
of purpole for chem, in and about that place. As foone as the Eng ith ſhippes had ſpiev them they 
by and bp,accopding to a common oper, made themſelues ready iq; a fight, laied dut their 
nance, ſcowned, charges, and pꝛimed them, diſplaied their enſignes, and left nothing vndone ts 
arme themſe lues thoꝛoughly. In the meane time the gallies moze and more appꝛoched the 
and in tgeir banners there appeared the armes of the Alles ol Sicilia, and Malta, being all as 
in the ſeruice and pay of the Spaniard, Immediatlp, both the Admirals of che gallies, ſent from 
each of them a frigat, to che Anmiral of our Engl hips, which being come neere them, che Sb 
cilian frigat fir bailed them, and demanded of them they were? they anſwered thatthey 
were ol the armes whereol appeared in their colours. Mhereupon the {aid frigat 


the reftof the gallies were: the meflenger anlwerer 
my name is Cꝛualero. Cheſe gallies are in ſeruite 
of Don Pedro de Leiua, à noble man of Spaine, ho 


ghtinthe Levant, 


act ear Cbippe ere apply 


25 armies, ano bert 
m: the ane confifting of 

in necelfte ching haun 
er armie had in it 20. Gah 
a, onder the charge and g 
King ofSpaine. Chete ting 
but the Cnglith 


the opinions of the people, 


men, tho 


heir eſlate, and by laying the 
tld foolithly pꝛeliume a 
ands, they failed not ta enter 
theft defen, And inthe tn 
ll of che Fleete, and the To· 
md each ſhippe vowed norte 
w to it to che death fa the h 
us, and proud enemie. 

AD connnitted themſelues » 
, without fight of any en 
t Sicilie, ann the coaſt ot Af 
he fame day in the main 
pf che gallies, Ixing in han 
ö had ſpied 


fight, laird out their Die 
and left nothing vndone ts 
0 n ee 
e 

of the gallies, ſent from 
ig come neere them, the Sb 


pintral noc diſdaining an ane 
u had bene at Turkie,¢ were 


auiour ¢ curteſſe, ¢ meanes 
Batter Edward Wilkinſan 


we put not a tis tng 


Ffm the leuant. ol the t-nglifh nation. 


to maketriall of Don Pedro his curteſie, whereof we are ſulpitious and Doubtiull, and not wich: 
ait good caule: vling withall good wortste the meſſenget, and willing him to come abooꝛd him, 
promt ing fecuritte and good vlage, that thereby he might the betterknoww the Span pards minde: 
n he in deed lekt his krigat, and came abooꝛd him, whom he interteined in friendly fone, 
un caultd a cuppe of wine to be dꝛawne ſoꝛ him, which he tooke. and beganne, with his cappe in his 
p, and with reuerend termes, to Dpinke to the health of the Queene ok England, (peaking vee 
blie of her Maieſtie, and giuing good ſpeeches of the curtcous vſage, and intertrinement 
that he himſelfe had receiued in London, at the time that the Duke of Alenfon, brother to the late 
French Ring was lad in England: and after he had well munke he tooke his leaue, {peaking well 
ofthe fufficiencie aud goodnelle ok our ſhippes, and eſpeciallie of the Merchant Royall, which he 
tulleſſed to haue ſeene before, riding in the Thames neere London. He was no ſooner come to 
Don Pedro de Leiua, the Spaniſh generall, but he was ſent off againe, and returned to the Eng⸗ 
lh Admirall, faving that the pleaſure of the generall was this, that either their capteines, mat: 
ters, and purſers Mould come to him with (peed, oz els he would let vpon them, and either take 
thema finke them. The replic was made by M. ilkinſon afozeſaid, that uce a man ſhould come 
to hin: and for the haagge and thꝛeat of Don Pedro, it was not that Spaniſh bꝛauado that ſhould 
make them peeld a iot to their hindꝛance, but they were as readie to make reliance, as he to oller 
miniurie. & hereupon Cauallero the meſſenger leſt bzagging, and began to perſuade them in 
quiet fort, and with many tuords, but all his laboꝛ was to no purpole, and as his tincat did nothing 
terrific them, fo his perfteafion did nothing mooue them, to doe that which he required. It the laſt 
he intreated to haue the merchant of the Admirall caricd by him as a meſſenger tothe generall, that 
fof might be l itiſded, and alſured oftheir mindes by one of their owne companie. But h. Til: 
kinfon would agree to no fach thing, although Richard Nowit the merchant himſelfe ſcemed 
willing to be inployed in that meflage, and lab ozed by reafonable perſuaſions to induce M. il: 
hinfonts grant it, as hoping to be an occafion by his pꝛe ſence aud diſcreet anſweres to latiſſie the 
gencrall, and therby to ſaue the effuſion of Chill. an bloud ir it ſbould grow to a battell. And he 
feemed o much the moꝛe willing to de fent, by how much deeper the othes and pꝛoteltatious of 
this Cauallero were, that he would (as he was a true knight and a ſouldioʒ) deliuer him backe a⸗ 
gaine in ſafetie to his companie. Albeit, M. TAlilkinſon, which by his long experiente had receiuen 
foficient triall of Spanith inconſtancie and periurie, withed him in no cale to put his life and li⸗ 
bettie in hazard vpon a Spanvards och. But at laſt, vpon much intreatie, he peelded to let him 
ge tothe generall, thinking in deed that good ſpeeches, and anlweres of reuſon would haue con⸗ 
tented him, whereas otherwile, refulall to doe fo, might peraduenture haue pꝛouoked the more 
diſtontentmo ut. 0 
Puter Rowit therefore palling to the Spaniſh generall, the reſt of the gallies hauing eſpied 
him, thought in deed that the Engliſh were rather determined to peeld then to fight, and therefore 
came fucking about § frig at, euery man crying out, Que nueuas, que nueuas, aue theſe Engliſh 
men petlded the frigat anſ wered, Not fo, they neither haue, nor purpofe to peeld, onely they haue 
ſentam m of their companie to ſpeake with our general: and being tome to the gallie wherein he 
mus, he ſhewed himlelke to M. Nowit in his armoꝛ, his gard of fouldios attending vpon him in 
umd alfo, and Vegane to ſpeake verp proudly in this fore : Thou Engliliynan, from whence is 
pour flett, why ſtand pe aloofe off, know ye not pour dutie to the Cat holike king, whole perſon J 
here repꝛelent : Iuhere are pour billes of lading, pour letters, paſpous, and the chiefe of pour 
men? Thinke pe my attendance in theſe ſeas to be in vaine, oz my perſon to no purpoſe? Let all 
cheſethings be done out of hand as J command, vpon paine of my further diſplealure ¢ the ſpoile 
ofpou all? Theſe wozdes of the Spaniſh generall were not fo outragioully pꝛonounced, as they 
bere mildly anſwered by maiſter Rowit, who, tolde him that they were all merchant men, vling 
traffike in honeſt fore, and ſreking to paſſe quiet ly, if they were not vꝛged further then reaſon: as 
forthe king of Spaine, he thought (for his part) that there was anutie betwixt him and his ſoue⸗ 
nigne the Queene of England, fo that neither he nor his officers ſhould goe about to offer any 
ſucht nurie to Engliſh merchants, who as they were farve from giuing offence to any man, ſo they 
Would be loath to take an abule at the handes of auy, oz ſit votune to their lolle, where their abili · 
tie wis able ta make defence. And as touching his commandement aforefatd , forthe acknow⸗ 
ledging of dutie: in ſuch particular ort, he tolde him. that where there was no duetie owing, there 
Lone ſhuld be perfoꝛm d. aſlitring him thattheir whole companie , and ſhippes in generall, oon 
tefolutely vpon the negatiue, and would not preld to any ſuch vnreaſonable demand, ioyned with 
uch imperioꝛis and ablolute nan er of tommanding. TCUhy then laid he, ik they will neither come 
m peeld, nor ſhew obedience to ne in the name of my 12 I vill either ſunke them oꝛ hing them 
to 


229 


20 Thevoyagesanddilcoueries Fight in che leuant. 


to harbop,and fo tell them from me. With thar che frigot came auap with . Rouit, and brouge 
him abooporbe Englich Adnurall againe, according to pꝛamiſe: who was no ſooner entred in, bye 
by and bp deftance was founded on both fives, the Spanyards hewed off the nofes of the galt, 
that nothing might binder the leuell of che ſbot, aud the Cugtith on the other five couragtoully py, 
paved themfelucs to the combat, euery man accopding to his roome, bent to performe his office uh 
alacritie and diligenie. In the meane time a cannon was diſcharged from outthe Admiral of thy 
gallies, which being the onſet ofthe fight, was pelenelp anfwered by the Eng lich Admiral 
aculucring : fo the Cairmith begau, and grew hot and terrible, there was no powder nop thot fps 
red: ech Engliſh thippe matched it ſelſe in good oꝛder againſt two Spanith gallies, beides the in 
equallicic of the frigats on the Spanpards ſide: and although our men performed their parts uit 
fingular valure,accopding totheit ſtrength, inſomurh that the enemie as amaſed therewith wou 
often times pauſe and ſtap, and conſult what was beſt to be done, vet they ceaſed not in the mitttof 
their buluneſle to make pꝛaper to almighty God the reuenger of all euils, and the giuer of victories, 
that it would pleaſe him to alliſtthem in p good quarell of theirs, in defenting thẽſelues againſ ln 
proud a tyꝛant to teach their hands to war, ¢ their fingers to fight, that p gloꝛy ofthe Dictory might 
redound to his name, and to the honoꝛ of crue religion, which the inſolent enemy fought f much 
to ouerthow. Contrarilp, the fooliſ Spanpards they crytd out actoꝛding to thtir maner, not tu 
God but co our L arp(as they terme the virgin Mary) ſaying, O Lady heipe,D blelled Lady giw 
vs the victopy,and the honoꝛ therof ſhalbe chine, Thus with blowes aud pꝛayers on both fives the 
fight continued fnrious and ſharpe, and doubtfull a long time to which part the victory would iu 
cline till at the laſt the Admiral ofthe qallics of Sicitic began to warpe from the fight, x to holde 
vp ber five for feare of finking, and acter her went allo two others in like caſe, whom all the foot 
them inclofed, laboring by all their meanes to keepe them aboue water, being ready bp che foytot 
Engliſh Hoe which they had receiued to pꝛriſh in the ſeas: and what ſlaughter was done among the 
Spanpards themſelues, the Engliſh were vntertaine, but by a probable coniecture apparanta fir 
off, they ſuppoſed their loſſe was fo great, that they wanted men to continue the charging ofthit 

1 fght ok üue Pieces whereupon with ſhame and didjonop, after ſiue houres {pene in the battell, they within 

poures. themfclues: and the Cnglith contented in refpert of their deepe lading rather to continue ther top 
age then to follow the chaſe, cealed from further blowes, with the loſſe ontly oftwo men ſlaine 
mongſt them all. and another hurt in his arme, whom M. Nilkinſon with his good words.¢ frinn 
iy pꝛomiſes did ſo comfont that he nothing eſteemed the ſmart of his wound in refpect of the hann 
the victoꝛp, and the ſbamelull repulſe of the enemy. 

Thus with duetifull thanks to the mercp of God fo his gracious affittance in that danger, the 
English hips pꝛoceeded in theirs nauigation, comming as high as Algier, a pore towne vponthe 
coatt of Barbarie they fell with it, of purpoſe to refreſh themſelues after their wearineſſe, x totake 
in ſuch ſupplie of freſh water ¢ viccuals, as they needed sehep were no ſooner entred into the por, 
but immediatlythe king therol lent a mellenger to the fips to know what they were, with which 
meflenger the chiefe maiſter of ech ſhip repairedto the king, and acquainted him not onelx withthe 
ſtate ok their Tips, in reſpectof marchandize, but with the late fight which they had pa ſled withthe 
Span iſh gallies, repoꝛting euery particular tircumſtance in woꝛd ag it fell out in action: whereof 
the laid king ſhewed himſelle maruellous glad, interteining them in the beſt ſozt, and promiling 
bundant re liefe of all their wants, making generall pꝛoclamation in the citie vpon paine of death, 
that no man of what degree oz ſtate ſoeuer he were, ſhould pꝛeſume either to hinder them ineheical 
faires,op to offer them any maner of iniury in body oz goods. By vertue wherof they vifpatched all 
things in excellent good font, with all fauo and peateableneſſe: onelp fucy pꝛiſoners ¢ taptiuesol 
the Spanpards as were in the citie, ſeeing the good vſage which they receiued,¢ hearing alſo what 
ſeruice they had perfonmed againſt the forefair gallies, grudged txceedinglpagainſt them, ¢ ſoughe 
as much as they could to ꝑꝛactiſe ome miſchiefe againſt them: and one amongt the reit fecing an 
Euglichman alone in a terteine lane of the citie, came vpon him ſuddenly, and with his knife hut 
him in the ide, yet made no fitch great wound, but that it was eaſily recoucred, The Engliſ um 
paup heat ing of it, acquainted theking with the fact, who immediatlyſent both for the partythet 
had receiuedche wound, and the offender alfo, and cauſed an exetutioner in the prefence of himſellt 
andthe Englith, to chaſtiſe the ſlaue euen to death, which was perfoꝛmed to the end that no mm 
ſhould pꝛeſume to commit the like part, oꝛ to do any thing in contempt ok his ropall comanbdement, 

The Englith bauing reteiued this good iuſtire at the kings hands. E all other thinges that thep 
wanted, o could traue for the furniſhing of their ſhippes, tooke their leaue ofhim, and of the rell 
their friends, that were refivent in Alger, and put out to fea, looking to meet with the letond w 
mie of ide Opaniſh king, which waited for them about the mouth of the lreight W 


IHA 


aS 


3 EEE 


= 
K 


— — 
‘ght in the leuant. 


as 
with M. Rowit,and rough 
D was no fooner entred in, but 
doffthe noles ok the galtieg, 
he other five couragtoutly pe, 
ent to perfoyme his office nn 
from out the Admiral of thy 
bp the Engliſh Admricall wep 
was NO powder no) Nhoe fps 
panith gallies, beſides the in, 
en perfozmed their parts tri 
ie as amaſed therewith wou 
they ceaſed not in the mitt of 
lils. and the giuer of victories, 
dekending thẽſelues againſt 
at p gloꝛy ofthe victo)y nige 
Afolene enemp ſought fo much 
ctoꝛding to their maner, not to 
dy heipe, O bleſled Lady give 
8 Md pꝛapers on both fives the 
hich part the victory would in 
arpe from the fight, & to holde 
n like caſe, whom all the ſonol 
ater, be ing ready by the fanno 
laughter was done among the 
bable contecture apparant a iir 
continue the charging ofthit 
t in the battell, they withdyrn 
ig rather to continue their bop: 
oſſe oncly oftwo men Mlaine,a 
n with his good words.¢ fur 
wound in refpect of the hang of 


B afliftance in that dangtt, the 
Algier, a port towne vponthe 
after their wearineſſe, k totahe 
no ſooner entred into the pot, 
w what they were, with wü 
ainted him not onelp withthe 
hich they had paler withthe 
Sit fell out in action: where 
nthe beſt fore, and promifing t 
n the citie vpon paine of neath, 
ither to hinder them in theiraß 

ue wherof they dilpatched all 
ly fucy pꝛiſoners ¢ captineset 
ey receiued, c hearing alfo het 
edinglyagainſt chem, ¢ fount 
one amongt che reft fecingan 
denly, and with his knife cht 
recoucred, The Englith som 
tlyſent both for the partyhm 
aner in che pretence of himfelte 
printed to the end that no maa 
pt ok his ropall cõmandemem, 
B, Gallocher thinges that they 
leaue of him, and of the relle 
ing to meet with che fecond ats 
of the tecight of — 


jobn Eldred. of the Engliſh nation. 


Aach mönr, a very Darke and nuitie logge ſo that one ſhippe could not difcerne another, if it 
vt: 40 paces off s bynteanes tohereof, together with the notable faire Eaſterne windes that then 
bau un itte fop their courte, they palled with great ſpeed though che ſtreight, and might haue 
pati with that good gale, had there beene 500 gallies to withſtand them, and the appe neuer fo 
dere fop euery ſlippe to be ſeene. But pet the Opaniſh gallies hada ſighe ol them when they were 
anebüthintchher Englich miles of the cotone, ¢ made after them in all pollibie hatte, and although 
cep fathat they were farre outof then reach, pet in a batte furte ¢ fooltth prive, chep thot offehetr 
ce, and made a ſlir in the fea as if they bad beene in the mids of then which vanity of theirs 
minterd our men notable matter of pleafure and mirth, ſeeing men to fight with ſhadowes, and 
toeake fo great paines to fo ſmall purpoſe. a 
Put thus it pleated God tu deride, and delude all the forces of that ꝑoud Spaniſh king, which 
pad ppouided of purpole to diſtreſſe the Cngliſh. who notwithſtanding, paſſed thꝛough both his 
armies, in the one, lite hurt, and in the other nothing touched, to the glozy of his immoztallname, 
she bonny of our prince aum country, and the iuſt commendation of ech mang {eruice, perfoꝛmed in 


tpabopage, 


The voyage of M. lohn Eldred to Tripolis in Syria by ſea, and 
from thence by land and riuer to Babylon and Balfara. 1583. 


Departed out of Lond] in the thip called the Tyger in the companie ol . John 
ewherie, M. Ralph Fitch, and ſixe oz ſeuen other honeſt merchants vpon 
Ohꝛoue mundap 1583, and arriued in Tripolis of Syria the fitſt of May next 
inſuing: at our landing we went on maying vpon S. Georges Illand, a place 
where Chꝑiſtiaus dying abooꝛd the ſhippes are woont lo be buried. In this citie 
7 our Engliſh marchants haue a conſul, our nation abide together in one houſe 
nich him called Fondeghi Ingles, builded of ſtone, ſqugre, in maner like a cloiſter, aud euery man 
bis fcurrall chamber, as it is che ble of all ocher Chuſtians of ſeutrall nations. Chis towne fan: 
meth bnder apart of the mountaine of Libanus to Engliſh miles diſtant from the port : on the fide 
oftohich pont trending in forme of an halfe moone, Rand fiue blocke houſes op ſmal foca wherein is 
fome bety good artillerie, and the fonts are kept with about an hundzed Janiſlarieg. Right before 
this tomie komt he lea ward, is a banke of mouing fand, which gathereth and intreaſech with the 
Wetterne windes, in luch Core, that, according to an olde pophecie among them, this banke is lite 
tofwallow bp and ouerwhelme the tone: for euerx peere it increaſeth and eateth vp many gars 
duns, although they vſe all pollicie to dintinith che fame, andto make it firme ground. The citie 
isabout the bignelle of Buſto w, and walled about, though the walles be of no great force, The 
chi ürength of the place is in a citadell, which ſtandeth on the South five within the walles and 
umlooketh the whole totune, and is ſtronglie kept tuth 200 Fanillaries and good artillerie. A 
nur patleth hough the middeſt of the citie, wherewith they water their gar dens and mulberie 
trets, on which there grow abundance of filke woꝛmes, wherrwith they make great quantity of 
herp labite like, which is the chiefeſt naturall tommoditie to be found in and about this place, 
Chis roe is more frequented with Chpittian marchants, to wit, Uenetians, Genouois, Flopens 
tines, Parfilians, Sicilians, Raguies, and lately tith Engliſhmen, then any other pope of the 
Curks dominions, From Tripolis Idepartedthe 14 of Bap with a carauan, paſũng thꝛee dayes 
mit the ridge of mount L ibanus, at the end thereof we arriued in a titie called Hammah, which 
Ganvethon a goodly plaine repleniſhed with come ¢ cotton voll. On theſe mountaincs which we 
grow great quantity of gall trees which are ſame ruh it like our okes, but leſſer ¢ moze croo: 
bedson the beſt tree a man ſhall not finde aboue a pound of gal. es. This towne of Hammah is fal: 
len,and falleth moze & moꝛe to detap, and at this day there is ſcarte one halfe of the wall ſtanding, 
which bath beene very ſtrong and faite: but berauſe it cot many mens liues to win it, the Turke 
ll nut haue itrepamet., ani bath written in the Arabian tongue ouer che caſtle gate, which ſtan⸗ 
wath the midſt ot the to wne, theſe wonds: Curſed be the father & the fonne that fhall lay their 
bands to the repairing heerof. Refrething our ſelues one day here, we pafitd o ward with ca: 
mels tine dayes more vntill we came to Alleppo, where we arriued the 21 of May. This is the 
nutri place of tt / itte fo a mp towne that is in all thoſe parts : for luther refore Jewes, Cartas 
rans, 
Hy sete bp thither many kindes of rich merchandipes. In the midſt of this to wne als 


Herſians, Armenians, Egyptians, Indians, c many (Corts of Chyiſtians, ę iniop freedome of 


f agoodlp mmm 45 CoE nO 
2 2 es 


231 
were of necellitie to paſſe. But comming ncere to the ſaid ſtreight, it pleated God to 


Che deſcriptiũ 
of Tripous in 
Spita. 


3 


Che citie of 

a 2 
Teton eel, 
Gall trees. 


Aleppo. 


si 


232 The voyages and diſcoueries John Eldred 


miles round about are goodly gardens and vine parocs and trees, which brate goodiy fruit um 


vnto the rivers five, which is but ſmall, the wallen arc about ther Engliſy miles in compat yg N. 
the fuburbs are almoſt as much moe, Che tone is grratiy people, Cle departed from cheng resid 
airay. . Vith our camels the laſt of Map with . John zewberie and bis companie, and came to Bi . 
in thee dayes, being a ſmall towne ſituated vpon the riuer Cuplpates, where it beginneth irt tp rs 
take his name, being heere gathered into one chanel, whereas before it tommeth downe in mam, 
ſolde bꝛanches, and is therekoze called by the people of the countrep by a name which ig Lee 
thouland heads. Heere is plentie of victualles whereof we all furniſhed our {clues fo} our bund 
fournep downe the afozelaid riuer. And accopding to the maner of thoſe that trauell downe bp alt 
water, we prepared a ſmall barkc fo the conucpance of our ſelues and ok our goods. Theſe bons 5 

Eupwrates are flatte bottomed, becauſe the riucr is (hallow in manp places: and when men trauell inte bv 
hallow, = moneth of Julie, Auguſt, and September, the water being then at the lowelt, they are to gehn 
ned to carie withthem a ſpare boate 07 two to lighren their owne boates if they chance tofall onthe —4 
Ciaht a twen· ſhoaldeg. Cie were eight and twentie dayes vpon the water berweene Birrah aud Felugia uh in flat 
np better. we diſembarked our felucs and our goodes, Cucrp night after the Sounne ſetteth. we tie our tie day 
iner. parke to a ſtake, gde on land to gather ſtickes, and {ct on our pot withrice o bauſed wheat, and bas ice, 
uing ſupped, the merchants lie abooꝛd the barke, and the marmers vpon the ſhozes five as neere ag bing n 
urablans bys they can vuto the ſame. In maup plates vpon the riuers five we mette with troopes of Arabiang, ah. B 


Cuvpates,. Of whom we bought milke, butter, comes, andlambes, and gaue them in barter, (op they care nc 
for monep) glaſſes, combes, call, amber, to hang about their armes and nerkes, and fo ciumne 
mille we gaue them bꝛead and pomgranat peeles, wherewitht hey vſe to tanne their goats {hinnes 
which they churne withall. Their haire, apparell, and colour are altogether like to thoſe vagabond 

The arabian Egyptiana, which heretofore haue gone about in England. Their women all without erception, 

goldr dinge in Wearè a great round ring in one of their noltrels, of gulde ſuer. n pron, accopding to their able, 

their noclrela. and about their armes ¢ ſmalles of their legs they haue hoopes of golde ſiluer op von. All of them 
alwell women and children, ag men, are very great fwimmers, and often times [wimming thy 
brought vs milke to our barke in vellels, vpon their heads. Theſe people are very theeuith, which 

F proouedto my coft : for they Mole a cafket ot mine, with thinges of good value in the fame, from 

bnder my mans head as he was alleepe: andtherefore trauellers keepe good watch as they pale 

Cuptnates done the riuer, Euphꝛates at Birrah id about the byeadeh of the Thames at Lambeth, anvin 

delcribed. ſome places narrower, in ſome broader 2 it runneth very ſwiftly, almoſt as fatt as the nurtit 
Trent: it hath diuers ſoꝛts of ſiſh in it, but all are ſcaled, ſome as bigge as ſalmons, like barbie, 

Feugia, Lie landed at Felugia the eight and twentithof June, where we made our abode ſeuen daytt fq 
lacke of camels to carie our goods to Babylon: the heate at that time of the peere is ſuthinthile 
parts, that men are loath to let out their camels to trauell. This Felugia is a village of fom 
hundred houles, anda place appointed for diſcharging of ſuch goovs as come tobunc the river ste 
inhabitants are Arrabians. Mot finding camels here, we were conſtraiued ta vn lade our goods, 
and hired an hundꝛed alles to tarie dur Engliſh merchandizes onely to New Babylon ouer alex 
deſert, in crofling tohercof we {pent eighteene houres trauelling by night, and part of the mig 
to auoid the great heat. Pon 

Che rnines o¢ In this place which we crolſed ouer,ftood the olde mightie citic of Babylon, many olde ruints 

aide Babylon. whereof are eaſilie to be ſeene by day light, which J John Eldzed haue often beheld, at my good lee 
ſure, hauing madethꝛee voyages betweene the New citie of Babylon and Aleppo ouer this velert, 
Here allo are pet ſtanding the runes of the olde tower of Babel which being vpon a plaine god 
ſeemeth a farre off very great, but the neerer pou come to it, the leſſer and lefler it appeercth sam 
dy times J haue gone thither to fee it, and found the renmants pet ſtanding aboue a quarttroli 
mile in campalſe, and almoſt as high as the ſtone woꝛke of Paules werple in London, but it hw 
eth much bigger. The bꝛickes remaining in this molt auntient monument be halfe a yar thick 
and the quarters ofa pard long, being dꝛied in the Dunne onelp, and betweene cuery courltel 
hickes there lieth a courſe ol mattes made of canes, which remaine founde and not periſhed, a 

tm BWadyid. though they had beenelaped within one perre. The citie of New Babylon ioyneth vpon thee 

Che riuer Cp. foꝛeſaid ſmall deſert where the Olde citie was, and the riuer of Tygris runneth clofe vuderthe 

gris, wall, and they may if they will open a ſlute, and let the water of the fame runne round about te 
towne. It is aboue two Englilh miles in compaſſe. and the inhabitants generally fpeake thee 
languages, to wit, the Perſian, Arabian and Curkith tongues: the people are of the Spanynm 
tomplexion: and the women generallie weare in one of the griſtles of their noſes a ring likes 
wedding ring, but ſome what greater, with a pearle and a Curkith fone ſet therein: and thisthe⸗ 
doe be they neuer ſo poore, Gis 


a 


lohn Eldred, John Eldred. of the Engliſh nation. 33 * 


Tea, 
hich brare goodly fruit ure Cbis is a place of very great traffique, and a very great thoughfare from the Cok Indics to 
nglifh miles in compaſſt dur Aleppo. The cowwne is very weil furniſhed with victuals which come done che rater of Cy gris 
d. Oe departed fromtbence from Moſul which was called Niniue in olde time. They batig theſe victuals and diuers fortes Rafts bonne 
mpmie, and came tu Bi afmerthandifes vpon raftes bome vpon goates (kins blowen vp ful of mind in maner of bladders. rg ot soars 
es, where it beginneth ürtt aud whenthey haue dilcharged their goods, they fell the rafts for fr, and let the wind out of their iu. 
it commeth downe in mam: g fhing,and carp them home agame bpon their aſſes by l o make other voyages Downe 
p bya name which fignifietha cherer. The building here is moſt ol bꝛicke dꝛied in the ſunn very litle o2 no ſtont is to bet 
uſbed our ſelues for our found: their houfes are all flat roofed and lowe. They haue nORine for tight moneths together, Some ram. 
f thoſe that trauell downe bp nopalmott any tloudes in the ſkie, night noz day. Their Uintet is in Nouember, December. Ja⸗ 
dok our goods. Theſe boas quatic and Febyuarie, which is as warme as our Sommer in England in a maner. Chis J know 
and when men trauell inthe by d epperiente, becauſe mp abode at ſeuerall times in this citie of Babylon, bach be ne atthe leſt 
the lowe, they are conttrap. shefpare ol two perres. As we come to the citie, e pafle ouer the riuer ol Tygris on a great hina 
eg ik they chance to fallonthe 8 made with boates chained together with two mightie chaines ofiron, From thence wee departed 
e Bitrah aud Felugia ahne in flat battomd barkes moze ſtrong and greater then thoſe of Euphꝛates, and were eight andtwen⸗ shag 
Sunne ſetteth, we tie our tie dapes allo in palling do wnethis riuer to Balfara, but we might haue done it in eighteene oz towrner more 
hrice oꝛ huſed twheat,andba iefe, ithe water had bene higher. Uponche waters five bythe way Mand diuers totwnes reſtm. W bien to 
on the ſhoꝛes fide as neereag bling much the names of the old mophets: the firſt towne they call Ozeah, and another Zecchi- El 
te with troopes of Arabians, ah, Before we tome to Balfara by one dapes tourney, the two riuers of Tygris and Euphꝛates 
m in barter, (fo they care ne mitt, and there ſtandeth a Cattle called Curna kept by the Turkes, where all merchants pay a Com coftte, 
g and neckes, and foꝛ chunt finall cuftome. Here the two riuers ioined together, begin to be eight oz nine miles oad: here al: 
fe to tanme their goats {kinneg ſot beginneth to ebe and lam. and the water ouerflowing makerh the country all about very firs 
ether like to thoſe vagabond feof copne, rice, pulſe, and dates. The towne of Balſara is a mile and an halle in cirtuit: all the Elea. 
women all without exception, buildings, caltle and wals, are made of bnicke Dried in the ſunne. The Turke hath here fiue hun⸗ 
on, accoꝛding to their abiliti, ned Janiflaries,bettoes other ſouldiours continually in gariſon and pap, but his chiefe ſtrength 
lde. ſiluer op on. All of them isof gallies which are about fiue and twentie oꝛ thirtie very faite and furniſhed with goodly oꝛdi 
) often times [wimming thy nance, To this port of Balſara come monethly diners thips from Ormuz,laden with all fortes of 
eople are very theeuith, which zuin merchandiſe, as (pices, dꝛugs, Indico, and Calecut cloth. Theſe ſhips c ce vſually frem 
F good value in the lame, from fintic to the ſcoꝛt tunes, hatung their plankes ſu med together with coꝛde made of the barke of 
eepe good watch as they pale Dret es, and in Mead of Ocamthey vie the ſhiuerings of the barke of the layd trees, and of the 
Thames at Lambeth, and n lune they alfo make their tackling. They haue no kind of pron worke belonging to theſe veſſels, Ships made 
almoſt as fatt as the rute fueonely their ankers. Frumthis place fire dapes layling doume the Gulfe, they goe to a place inthe Perla 
e as ſalmons, like barbiy, tailed Baharem in the midwayto Ormuz, There they fiſh for pearles foure moneths in the yeere, Suite. 
de our abode ſeuen dayez in totuit, in June, July, Auguſt. and September, My abode in Balla ra was iuſt fire moneths, du⸗ 
ne of the peere is ſuchin that ring whichtime J receiued diuers letters from maſter ohn New berie from Ormuz, who as hte 
Felugia is a village of fom palo thae way with her maieſties letters to Yeladin el Kubar, that is, Yeladin the grrat, hing of Nr rng 
a8 come dobnc the riuer ste Cambaia, and vnto the mightie Emperozof China, was traitcroufly there arreſted, and all his Camber, 
trained ta vn lade our gon, company by the Wortingals, and afterward ſent pꝛiſoner to Goa: where after a long and cruell 
to New Babylon, ouer alloy i ment, be and bis companions were deliuered vpon ſuerties, not to Depart che totune with: 
ligbt, and part of the mami mt laue. at the ſute of one father Thomas Steuens, an Englich religious man which they found 
there, but what became afterward of thꝛee of them, is not knowen vnto this day. The fourth 


F Babylon, manp olde ruints 
e oſten beheld, at my good le 
u and Aleppo ouer this velert, 
ich being vpon a plaine gi 


lich was a painter called John Storie, became religious in the Colledge of D. Paul in Goa, 

uwe vnderſtood by their letters. J and my companion William Shales hauing diſpatehed 

our buſineſle at Balſara imbarked our ſelues in company of ſeuentie barkes all laden with merchau⸗ He returneth 
bite, hauing cuerp barke fourterne men to dawt hem, like our (leſterne bargemen an p Thames, to Alert. 


er and leſler it appeereth im and me mere fortie foure Daves comming vp againſt the ſireame to Babylon, where arriuing and 

ſtanding aboue a quarterofa paving our cuſtome, we with all other fortes of merchants bought vs camels, hired vs men to lade 

ſeeple in London, but it hw aud diiuethem, kurnilhed our felues with rice, butter, bifket, honie made of Dates, Onions anv Gan uf pronts 
nument be halle a parb thicke, Dates: and cuerp merthaunt bought a proportion of liue muttons, and hired certaine ſhepeheards ais. 


and betweene cuery coutſtil to due them with vs: we allo bought vs tentes to lie in, and to put our goods vnde. x in this our 10 * 
e ſounde and not periſhed, a Cru m wert fore thouſand Camels laden with ſpices andother rich merchandiles, Chele Ca- toure tun: 
w Babylon iopneth vpon thee nls wil line very well tun oꝛ chꝛee dayes without water: their feeding is ou Thiſtles, TTlonme- and Camels. 
ogris runneth clofe vnder ta wood, Magdalene and other ſtiun q weedes which they find vpon the way. The gouerment and 
e fame runne round aboutthe deriding of all qu tels and duties (o he paied. the whole Carauan committeth to one ſpeciall rich 
bitants generally fpeake tun merchant of the comp my. o whoſi honettie they tonteiue beſt. In paſling from Babylon w A- 
people are of the Spanyatts leppo, we {pene fortie dayes, trauailing tiwentie and foure and twentie miles a day, refting our 
Hes of their noſes aring lite felues connnonly from tu of the tlocke in the aſternoone. vutill tine in the mopning,at which time 
tone fee therein: and thisthe⸗ ve begin to take our iourney. Eight dayes idurneyfrom Babylon coward Aleppo, neere vnto a 
Gis totone called ite. as we crofie the tiuer Euphꝛates by boates about 4330 Hie, 
3. is 


— — ũ—6!— — — 
234 he voyages and diſcoueries Patent for Barbarie. 


Springs of 
Carre, 


is a valley wherein are many ſyꝛuigs thowing out aboundanclp at great mouthes,a kindof back 
ſubſtance like vnto larre, which ſerueth all the countreyto make Ranch their barkes and boates: t 
uerp one of the ſe ſpꝛnngs make a noiſe like vnto a Somiches forge in the blowing and putting ou 
of this matter, which neuer cealeth night noz dap, and the noiſe map be heard a mile off cuntuun 
ip. This vale fwalowerh vp all heauie things that come vpon it. Che prople of the countrey tali 
in their language Babil gehenham, that is tu fap, Pell dope. As we paſſed though tteſe deſarte 
we ſau certaine wild beaſts, as wild alles all white, Roebucks, wolſes, leopards, foxes, and maup 
bares, whereof we chaſed and killed many. Aboriſe the king of the wandꝛing Arabians in theſe dr 
ferts, bath a dutie of foptie ſbillings Merling, pon euery E amels lode, which he ſendeth his off 
cers to rectiue ofthe Carauans, and in conſideration hereof, he taketh vpon him to conduct the lud 
Carauans if they need his helpe, and to defend them againſt certaine prowling theeues. 7 and mp 
companion William Shales came to Aleppo withthe Carauan the eleuenth of June, 1584. tuber 


ve were iopfullp receiuentwentie miles diſtant from the towne by maſter William Barret ou 


Conſul, accompanied with his people and Janiſſaries, who fell ficke immediatly and departed thig 


life within eight dayes after and elected before his death. M. Anthonie Bate Conful of our 


liſh nation in his place, who laudably ſupplied the ſaid raume thꝛee peeres. In which meane time 
made two voiages more vnto Babylon, and returned by the way aforelaid,ouer the delerts of 9, 
rabia. And afterwards as one deſitous to {ee other partes of the countrcp, J went from Aleppo tp 
Antioch, which is diſtant thence 60. Engliſh miles. and from thence went down to Tripolis, when 
going abooꝛda ſmall veſſel, I arriued at Joppe, and trauailed to Rama, Lycia, Gaza, Jeruſalem, 
Bethleem, to the riuer of Joꝛdan. and the ſea 0 lake of Jodome, and returned backe to Joppe, and 
from thence bp fea to Tripolis, of which plates becauſe many others haue publiſbed large défcoun 
les, I ſurceaſe to mite. Mithin few dayes after imbarking my ſelfe at Tripolis the 22. of Decem: 
ber, J arrived (God be thanked) in ſafetie here in the riuer of Thames with diuers Engliſh men 
chante the 26. ol March, 1588. iu the Hercules of London, which was the richeſt thip of Engi 
merchants goods that euer was knowen to come into this realme. 


The Letters patents or priuiledges granted by her Maieltie 
to certaine Noble men and merchants of London, for a trade to 
Barbarie, in the yeere, 1585. 


Lizabeth bythe grace of God Queene of England, France and Ireland defen 
der ol the faich et. to the Treaſurer ¢ Barong ofour Eſchequer, and to all u 
ons, ſhirifs, conſtables, cuſtomers, collectors ofour cuſtomes and lubſidies, com 
trollers, ſearchers, andkeepers of our hauens and creckes, pontes and pallages, 
within this our realme of Eugland and the dominions of the ſame and to all out 
officers, min iſters and ſubiects, and to all other whoſdeuer to whom it thall a 
may appertaine, and to tuery ofthem greeting. Mhereas it is made euidently and * 
uno wen vuto vs, that of late peeres our right truſtie and right welbeloued counfellors, Am 
Erle of Warwike, and Robert Erle ok Leiceſter, and alſo our louing and natutall ſubiects, Tho- 
mas Starkie of aur citie ot᷑ London Alderman, Ierard Gatę the elder, and all his fonnes, Thomas 
Gore theelder, Arthur Atie gentleman, Alexander Auenon, Richard Stapers, William Iennings, 
Arthur Dawbeney, William Sherington, Thomas Bramlie, Anthonie Garrard, Robert How, 
Henry Colthirſt, Edward Holmden, lohn Swinnerton, Robert Walkaden, Simon Lawrence, 
Nicholas Stile, Oliuer Stile, William Bond, Henry Farrington, Iohn Tedcaftle, Walter Wil- 
liams, William Brune, Iohn Suzan, Iohn Newton, Thomas Owen, Roger Aſield, Roben 
Waſhburne, Reinold Guy, Thomas Hitchcocke, George Lydiat, Iohn Cartwright, Henrie 
Paiton, Iohn Boldroe, Robert Bowyer, Anthonie Daſſell, Auguſtine Lane, Robert Lion ant 
Thomas Dodde, all of London, merthaunts now trading into the countrep of Barbarie, inthe 
partes of Africa, vnder the gouernment ol Muly Hammet Sheriffe, Emperoꝝ of Moroccus, and 
king of Feſſe and Sus, haue ſuſtained great and grieuous loſſes, and are icke to ſuſtaine greater if 
it ſbould not be pꝛeuented: In tender conſideration whertof, and fop that diuers mert handiſe of the 
fame countries are very neceſſarie and couuenient for che vſe and defence of this our realme of Eng 
land, and fo? diners ocher cauſes vs (pecially moouing minding the reliefe and benefice of our {apo 
fubiecte, and the quiet traffique and good gouernment to be had and vied among them in their fad 
trade of our ſpeciall grate , certaine knomevge, and meere motion haue giuen and granted, and by 
chefe prcfents for vs, our heires and ſucteſſoꝛs, doe gine and graunt vnto the ſayd Eres of Wu 
wike and Leiceſter, Thomas Starkie,lerard Gore the eldet, Arthur Atie gentleman, A 
uenon, 


. 
ent for Barbane, 


— 
eat mouthes, a kindof black 
h their barkes and boaten t 
be blowing and puffing ow 
be heard a mile off concuna; 
people of the councrep tallt 
paſſed thꝛough theſe vefarte, 
8, leopards, toes, and mary 
mdꝛing Arabians in theſe w. 
de, which he ſendeth his off 
vpon him to conduct the lud 
mowling theeues. J and my 
leuenth of June, 1584. when 
matter William Barret dur 
mmediatly and departen this 
nie Bate Conſul of our Eng» 
eres. In which meane tim 
dyeſaid ouer the deſerts org · 
Cp, J went from Aleppo ta 
pent down to Tripolis, when 
a, Lytia, Gaza, Ferulatem, 
turned backe to Joppe, and 
aue publifhed large diſcoup 
it Tripolis the 22. of Det 
8 with diuers Engliſh mer 
as the richeſt ſhip of Engli® 


by her Maieltie 


for a trade to 


d, France and Ireland, deten 
Eſchequer, aud to all Pas 
cuttomes and lubſidies, con 
N ecken, portes and pallages, 
ong of the fame,andto all on 
b 1 whom it hall a 
de euidently and papa 
sued counſellozs, Ambrole 
and natutall ſubiects, Tho 
Land all his fonnes, Thomas 
Stapers, William Iennings, 
nie Garrard, Robert How, 
alkaden, Simon Lawrence, 
Tedcaftle, Walter Wil- 
en, Roger Afield, Roben 
„John Cartwright, Hentie 
ne Lane, Robert Lion ant 
duntrey of Barbarie, inthe 
Emperos of Moroccus, and 
are like to luſtaine gtater if 
at diuers mert handiſe of the 
ce of this our realme of Eng 
Hiefe and benefice of our (apo 
bfed among them in their ſad 
and bp 


Patent ſor Barbarie. oithe t-nglifh nation. 


— —ę—-—V— e 
Auenon, Richard Stapers, William Iennings, Arthur Dawbenie, William Sherington, Tho- 
mus Bramlie, Ant honie Garrard, Robert Howe, Henry Colthirſt, Edward Holinden , Iohn 
Swinnerton, Robert Walkaden, Simon Lawrence, Nicholas Stile, Oliuer Stile, William 
Bond, Henry Farington, lohn Tedcaſtle, Walter Williams, William Brune, lohn Suzan, lohn 
Newton, Thomas Owen, Roger Afild, Robert Wafhborne, Rainold Guie, Thoinas Hitch- 
cocke, George Lidiate, lohn Cartwright, Henrie Payton, Iohn Baldtoe, Robert Bowyer, 
Anthonie Dail, Auguſtine Lane, Robert Lion ¢ Thomas Dodde,that they and euery of them 
pp themfelues,o2 by their factors o ſeruants. ¢ none others, ſhall and may, tor, and during the ſpate 
oftivelue peeres, haut and enioy the whole freedome and libertie in the ſayd traffique on crave, vn⸗ 
toopfromche ſayd countrey of Barbarie,op to 07 from any part thercof, oz the buing and ſelling of 
ill mantrok wares and merchandizes whatſoeuer, that now oz accuomably heretofore haue bene 
atranſpoꝛted rd, oʒ to the {aid country of Barbarie, oʒ from oꝛ to any of the cities towunts. 

places, pones, toads, hauens. harboꝛs op creckes of the ſaid tountrey of Barbarie, any law, ſtatute, 

matter, cuſtomes o7 pꝛiuiledges to the contrary in any wife not withſtanding. 

Qnofor the better eltabliſhing, oꝛdering and gouerning of the ſayd Crics of War w ike and Lei- 
cefter, Thomas Starkie, &c.aboueſayd, their factors, ſeruaunts aur aſſignes in the trade atoeſaid, 
tue la vs our heires and ſucteſſoꝛs, doe by theſe pꝛeſents giue and graunt full licence to the ſayd 
Thomas Starkie, Ierard Gore the elder, and the ref afope ſayd, and to euery of them from time to 
ume during the laid terme of twelue peeres, at their pleafures to aſſemble, and meete together in 
any place q; places conuenient within our citie of London, oz els where, to conſult of, and fox the 
{aid trade, and with the conſent of the ſaid Erle of L eiceſter, to make and eſtabliſh good and neteſ⸗ 
farie opders and oꝛdinances foꝛ, and touching the lame, and all ſuch oꝛders and oꝛdinances fo made, 
to put in bre and execute, and chert op any ol them with theconſent of the ſayd Erle of Leiceſter. to 
lter chuge and make voyd, and ik need be. to make new, as at any time during the laid terme, they 
opthemott part of them then living and trading, hall find conuenient. 

prouided al wapes. that the oꝛdinaunces oʒ any of them bee not contrary oꝛ repugnaunt to the 
latwes, ſtatutes oꝝ cuſtomes of this our Realme of England. And to the intent that they onely to 
whom the Capo libert ie of traffique is graunted by thefe our Letters patents, and none other our ſub⸗ 
jects whatfoeucr, without their ſpeciall conſent and licence beloze had, ſhould during the laid terme 
haut trade op traffique for any m mer of merchandizes, to, 09 from the ſapd countrep of Barbarie, 
oto, from any Citie. Cowne, place, porte, harbour oz creeke within the ſayd tountrey of Bar: 
barie, to, 02 out of our ſayd Realmes and dominions, wee doe by theſe pꝛeſents ſtraighely charge, 
commannd, and pꝛohibite all aud euery our Subiects whatſoeuer, other then onely the ſapde 
Erles ol dul irwike and Leiceſter, Thomas Starkie and the reſt aboue ſayd, and euery of them by 
themfelues o; by their factoꝛs op ſcruaunts during the ſayde terme, to trade op traffique fop, oꝝ with 
any merchandize, to, oꝛ from the ſapde countrep of Barbarie. oꝛ to, o2 from any the dominions of 
the lame, as they tender our fauour, and will auoyd our high diſpleaſure. and vpon paine of im⸗ 
niſonment of his and their bodies, at our will and pleaſure, and of forfeiting all the merchandi 
fes, on the full value thereof, where with they op any ok them during the ſayd terme, thall trade oꝛ 
traffique to op from the ſayd countrey of Barbarie, oʒ to. o ftom the domi ions of the fame, contra: 
tyto this our pʒiuiledge and pꝛohibition, vnlelſe it be by and with the expꝛeſſe licente, conſent, and 
agreement of the ſayd Erles of Wiarwike and Leiceſter, Thomas Starkie, Ierard Gore, the els 
det, and all his ſonnes, Thomas Gore the elder, Arthur Atie geutlemau, Alexander Auction, Ri- 
chard Stapers, William Iennings, Arthur Dawbenie, William Sherington, Thomas Bramlie, 
Anthonie Garrard, Robert Howe, Henry Colthirſt, Edward Holmden, lohn Swinnerton, Ro- 
ben Walkaden, Simon Laurence, Nicholas Stile, Oliuer Stile, William Bond, Henrie Faring- 
ton, lohn Tedcaſtle, Walter Williams, William Brune, Iohn Suzan, Iohn Newton, Thomas 
Owen, Roger Afild, Robert Wafhburne, Rainold Guy, Thomas Hitchcocke, George Lidiate, 
ke. m by. and with the expꝛeſſe licence and conſent of the moje part of them then liuing and 
* firſt had and obtained, ſo alwayes, that the ſapde Erle of Lticeſter bee one, if he belt» 


Gnd we further for vs our heires and ſurteſſdys ok our ſperiall grace, mette motion and cer: 
tune knowledge. doe graunt to the ſayde Erles of IUarmike and Lciteſter, Thomas Starkie, 
aidthe relt aboueſayd, and to eueryot them, that nothing (hall be done, to be of force ox valididie 
touching the ſayd trade or traffique, oꝛ the exertiſe thereof, without oz againſt the conſent of the 
lu Etter, Thomas Starkie(andthe others befoze named) during the time or thele our Letters pa 
tents fo? 1 2. peeves as afonſayd. a f 
Aud lo that the layd Etleg, Thomas Starkie, xtc. and euery ok them afozefapd ſhould * 

p 2 


— ee 


236 he voyages and diſcoueries Patent for Barbarie, 


— —— — —— eee re 
preuencedop intertupted in this their ſayd trade, we doe by theſe prefents foꝛ vs, our be pres andſub 
ceflours, tratg help pꝛohibite and forbid all maner of perfon oz perſons, as well Rrangers of why 
nation 0} countrey foeucr, as our owue Subiects other then onely the ſayd Cries, Thomas Star 
kie, t. and euery ol them as alozeſayd chat they nop any of them from hencefoopel during the lad 
terme of 1 2. peeres, doe 02 ſball bring, 03 cauſe to be bought into this our Realme of England, 
to any the dominions ebereof, anp mance of merchandizes whatſoeuer growing, oz being mare 
withinthe ſayd countrey of Barbaric, op within any the dominions thereok, wulcfle it bet by an 
with the licence, confent and agretment of the layd Cries, Thomas tarkie, ct. op with the am 
fent and litence of the moze part of them then liutng frit had and obtained, fo alwayes the laid em 
of Leiceſter (if he be liuing) be one, vnder the pale that euery one that Mall offend oz doe againg 
this our prefent prohibition here laſt aboue mentioned in theſe prefents, hall ffeite and lofe al, 
and ſingular the ſaid merchandi zes to be landed in any our realmes and dontintons, contrarytothe 
tenoꝛ and true meaning of this our pꝛohibition in that behalfe pꝛouidedt the one monte of all and ¢, 
uery which ſaid foyeitures whatloeuer mentioned oz {pecified in theſe our pꝛeſent Letters 
ſhall be to vs our heires and ſucteſſoꝛs: And the other moitie of all and euery the ſayd fi 
we doe by theſe prefents of our tertaine knowledge and meere motion, cleerely and wloly fo ds, 
dur heires and ſucceſſours, giue and grant vnto the layd Cries, Thomas Starkie, c. And 
our Letters patents vpon the onelx ſight thereok, without anp further warrant thal bee futficient 
authozitie to our Treaſurer of England ſoj the time being. to our Barons of the Exchequer, 
and to all other our officers that hall haue to deale in this behalfe, to make full allowance vnto che 
ſayd Erles, Thomas Starkie, cc. their deputies op aſſignes of the one moitie of all and inguln 
the gods merchandizes aud things whatſoeuer mentioned in thefe our prefent Letters patente n 
ve forfaiced at anp time oz times during the ſayd terme of twelue peeres : which ſayd allowante ut 
doe ſtraighely charge and commaund krom time to time to bee made to the ſayd Erles, Thon 
Starkey, ec. and to euery ofthe accordingly, without any maner ol delay o; Dental of any of our 
officers whatſoeuer, as they tender our fauour and the furtherance of our good pleaſure. And ue 
doe ſtraightly charge and commaund, and bytheſe pꝛeſents pꝛohibite all and ſingular, Cullomem 
and Collectors of our cuſtomes ¢ ſublidtes, and comptrollers of the fame, of, and within our Citic 
and porte of Lon don, and all other pontes, creekes, e places within this our Realme of England, 
and euerp of them that they ne any of them take op perceiue oz cauſe, oꝛ fuffer to be taken, rettiuedeʒ 
perceiued fo vs ¢ in our name oʒ to our vſe, o: to the ves of our heires 02 ſucreſſoꝛs of any perſon a 
perlons, any ſumme oꝛ ſummes ol money o other things whatſoeuer turing the ſayd terme of 12, 
peeres foꝛ, and in the name e liew oꝛ place of any cutome, ſublidie and other thing oz duties tu vt 
our heires oʒ ſucceſſoꝛs due op to be due fop the cuſtoms e ſubſidi es of any merchandiʒes whatſbe⸗ 
uer growing, being made oz comming out of the laid country of Barbarie az out of the dominions 
thereof noꝛ make, cauſe, noꝛ ſufferto be made any entrie into our oʒ their boo kes of tuſtoms and fab 
ſidies, noꝛ make any agreement for the ſubſidies and cuftome, of and fo? any the ſaid merchants, ſo 
uing onelp with and in the name of the laid Erles, Thomas Starkie, t. op the mot part of them, 
as they and euery ofthem wil anſwer at their vttermoſt perils to the contrary. And for the beutt 
and moze Cure obſeruation ofthis our graunt, we wil. and graunt for vs our heires & ſucteſſis iy 
thele pꝛelents that the Trealurer ¢ barons of our Exchequer for the time being, by force ofthu en 
graunt oz enrolment therof in the laid court, at all and euery time and times during the ſaid ten 
of 1 2. peeres at ¢ vpon requeſt made vnto them by the ſaid Erles, Thomas Star kie, xc. on bythe 
atturneis, factors, denuties op allignes ołthem oꝛthe moſt part of them then liuing and trading thal 
and may make and direct onder the ſeale ofthe ſaid Exchequer. one oz moe fufficient writ o; wu, 
cloſe 02 patents, vuto eueryp oz any of our ſaid cuftomers, collectors 02 controllers of our beires an 
ſucceſſoꝛs in all and euer y, oz to any port oʒ portes, creeke, hauen, opother places within this om 
realmie ok England, as the laid Erles, Thomas Starkie, c. oz any the atturneis factoꝛ s, deputits 
oz aſlignes of them op the moſt part of them then liuing e trading, thal at any time require, coman 
ding and ſtraightly charging them and euery ol them that they top anv of them at anp time op um 
during the ſaid terme ok 12. yeeres, make any entrie of any wares oꝛ merchandizes whatſoeutt, 
growing being made oꝛ comming out oꝛ frd the ſaid country of Barbarie 0} the dominions there, 
Kop reteiue oꝛ take any cuſtome, lublidie o; other entrie, of make any agreement for the fame,otiee 
then with oz in the name of the fain Erles, Thomas Starkie, cc. the factor on factors, deputies 
oz aſſignes of them oꝛthe molt part of them then liuing and trading, actoꝛding to this our grant /m 
the true meaning thereof, accopding to our ſaid will and pleaſure before in theſe pꝛeſents decln. 
In witnes whereof we haue caufen theſe our letters to be made patents. itueſſe our ſellt a 
Weltminſter the fife daxol July in the 27. pere of our reigne. ; Te 


— — 


. ae 
ent for Barbarie, 


— — 
1 he yes and ſut 

7 augers of that 
ſayd Erles, Thomas Seay 
henceforth during the ſayd 
bout Realme of England, 
er growing. oz being mare 
hereof, vnliſſe it bet by n 
Dtarkic, tc, oz with che con 
ned, ſo alwayes the ſaid Erg 
ut ſball offend on doe agen 
ts, wall fonfeite and loſe al, 
nd dominions, contrary tothe 
d the one mottie of all and t. 
e our prefene Letters parents, 
deuery the ſayd forfairures, 
cleerely and wholy fo» ba, 
‘warrant ſpall bee futhcien 
r Barons of the Exchegur, 
make full allowance vuto the 
one moitie of all and fingular 
ur prefent Letters patente m 
es: which ſayd allowance we 
to the ſayd Erics, Chomas 
F delay op deniall of any of our 
Four good pleaſure. And ue 
e all and ſingular, Cuſlomen 
ſame, of, and within our Citic 
this our Realme of Englan, 
n fuffer to be taken, recciuedm 
6 oz ſucceſſoꝛs of any perſonq 
during the ſayd terme of 12, 
nd other thing op duties tovs, 
any merchandizes twhathe 

arie, oʒ out of the Dominions 
eit boo kes of cuſtoims and fab 
for any the ſaid merchants, fs 
e, gt. op the moſt part often 
e contrary. And foꝛ the better 
vs our heires & ſucteſias iy 
time being by fore ofthisout 
w times during the ſaid tem 
Thomas Starkie, cc. oy bytht 
nchen liuing and trading aul 
moe ſufficient wit 07 wut, 
o controllers of our heires an 
other places within this un 
the atturneis factoꝛs, deputies 
hal at any time require, cùmm 
IY of them at any time op times 
02 merchamdizes whatſoeu, 
barie 07 the dominions therti 
p agretment foꝛ the ſame other 
the facto 07 factors, deputies 
atcoꝛding to this our grant /m 
fore in tbeſe ppeſents declu. 
nuts. Mitucſſe our ſelle a 


The 


Henry Roberts. ofthe Englith nation. * 237 


The Ambaſſage of M. Henrie Roberts, one of the ſworne 
Ejquires of ber Maiefties perfon, from her higbneſſe to Mully 
Hamet Emperour of Marocco, and king of Fes, and Sus, inthe yere 1585: 
who . as Liger for the {pace of 3. yeete. Written briefly 

himfe 0 ‘ : 

— Bon an (ucoppopation grauuted to the companie of Barbaric Marchant reſident 

in London. I Henrie Roberts one of het Paitſties ſwne € (quires ol her per · 

ſon, was appointed her higbneſſe meſſenger, and Agent buco the afcheſaid Mully 

Hamet E ol Marocdo, of Fes and Sus. And aſter I had rece iued 

m infructions, and her Maieſties letters. I depatted from Lon 

don the 1.4, of Auguſt in the peere 1585, ina tall ſhippe called the Aſcenſion, in 

companie of the Minion and Hope wel, and we all atriued in ſafetie at Afafia pot of Barbarie, 

the 14. al Sepeember next following, The Alcaide of the towne (being the kings officer there, 

tt wers place) vecciuen e ente d cr naehe 

err countrep, lodging me in the ft houfe of the towne, from whence. J dilpatched 

1 (which in their language they tall a Trottero) to aduertiſe the Empetour of my are 

mull: — immediatly gaue oꝛder, and ſent certaine ſouldiers for my guard and conduct, and hor 

fee fopmp Celfe, and mules fo mine otune and my companies carriages, Thus being accompa: 

nied wich OD. Richard Euans,Edward Saltcot, aud other Englith m nes reſident there in the 

countrep, with my traine of Moores and cariages, A tame at length to the riuer of Anſiſt, which 

is twithin 4, miles ol Marocco: aud there by the water five J pitches my cents vnderche Oliue 

trees: where I mette nuth all the Eng liſb marchants by themſe lues, and the Freuche Flemith, 

and ders other Cbziſtian a. which attended my comming. And after we had diner, and ſyent out 

the heit of the dap, about 4, of the clocke in the afternoone wee all {et foptoarde to marx the citie of 

Marocco, tobere twee arriued the Cain day, being the 14. of September, and J was lodged by the 

Emperours appointment in a faire boule in the ludaria 03 Lurie, which is che plate where the 
Jeuts haue their above, and is the faiteſt place, and intereſt longing in E. thecine, 

Aar J had repoſed my elle thee bapes, I bad acreſſe co the king pye ente de litittet ny mel 
fare and her Maieſties letters. and was rereiued with all humanitie, and had Tauourable audience 
from time to time lo thꝛee peeres: during which {pace J above there in his Court, as her Was 
ities Agent and Ligier: and wheuſoeuer I had octaſton of buſtnes. I was amittev either to his 
Muli himſelle, q; ta his vice Roy, whole name mag Alcayde Breme Saphiana,a perp wiſe and 
wicreete perfon,¢ the chtefett about bis Maieſtie. Che particulers of my leruict fo; divers good 
and tealonable cauſe s, J fopbeare bere to put vowne in waiting. | 

Qferleaue obteined . and att honourable reward bellowed bp the Emperour vpon we, J depat⸗ 
tedfrom his Court at Marocco che 18. ot Auguſt 1588. to warde a garden of his, which is called 
Shoresbenares, where her ppomiſed mee A ſhould fap but one day for bis letters: howbeit, vpon 
fone orcation J was ſtaped vntill che 14. of September at the kings charges, with 40,03 50, 
later attending vpon me fur my guatd and lafete. 

From thence at length F was conducted with all things neceflarie to the pope of Santa Cruz, 
being Gre daytn iuurue y from Marocco, and the place where our ſlippes doe commonly take in 
heit laing, where J arriued the 21. of che ſame moneth. In this port I ſtayed 43. dayen, nd at 
lengehthe ferond ol Mouember J embarqued my felfe,and one Marshok Reiz a Captaine and a 
Gentleman, which the Emperour fens with mee vpon an Embaſſage to her aieſtie: and after 
nuch toyment and foule weather at fea, on Nein peeres day I came on lande at S. lues in Corne- 
wall,from whence patting hy lands boch together vp towards London, we were met without the 
titie nich the chiefe lt marc hants of the Barbarie companie,well mounted all on hozſe backe. to the 
nomber of 40,0350, boꝛſe, and ſa the Cmballadour and my ſelfe being both in Coche, entred the 
cue by eonchligghe, an Sunday at nigbe che 12. f Januarie 1589. . 


1 te es vn traflado bien y fielmente ſacado da vna carta real del Rey 
Muley Hamet de Fes y Emperador de Marruecos,cuyo tenor es eſte, que Segue. 
NO el nomby¢.de Rios piadaſo y miſericordioſo, &c. El fiernode Dios foberano el coma 
Va ele tel or Dia 0 


N 75 0 ele per den los Moros, hi 
> (I) del Emeperadorde los Mores, lari: ee ee ay enfalce ſu eſſa. 
do, Se pom ite wueStro real mandade en m de lar criado — — 


tat los mercaderes Yngle(es; para que per 7 ſepas lader las que la prefente vueran, 
. * 


— 
A 


NS 


— ö — 


————F—!!.!. . — mx ̃ .... 


— 
N 2 


238 The voyages and diſcoueries Mul. Ha. bis letters, 


letter of 
Mullp Namet 
co the aris of 


— 
como nucfira alto Conſeno les anpara cowel fauor de Dias de todo aquello, que letenpeciere y dame 
en ena manera, que fucren offendidos, y en qual quiera viate, que fueren, ning uno let Captina, 
en cftos wueftros reynos,y puerto j lngares, qe a wes pertenie|cem . j que led cubri el anparo de aue 
podor de gnalqnier a fatiga iy mingun los impida com mano de enen t ad, wi fe dard carſa, de que eg. 
granienen qualguiera manera con el fanor de Diosy de ſu ampæro. mandamos a loseAlcaydes del 
nucitros puertos y fortalezas,y d los que en eftos uneftros veynos ttenen cargo, y a tada la genre ca. 
mum, ae no les alle guen en ninguna manera, con orden, de que fean offendidos en ninguna mancey 
cftofera neceffariamente: Que es eſerita en los medios dias de Rabel fegundo anne de nuene giemu,, ) 
wonenta y ſeyt. 

C0 el dia d’efta carta con veynte dias de Marco del anno de mil y quiniento yoch- 
enta y ſiete, lo qual yo Abdel Ratiman el Catan interprete per fu Mageſtad aqui,y 
romance de verbo ad verbum, como en el fe contiene, y en Fee dello firmo de m 
nombre fecho vt ſupta. Abdel Rahman el Catan. 


This i a copie well and truely tranflated of an edict of Mully FZamet king 
ofFez and Emperour of Maruecos, whoſe tenor is as followeth, to wit, That no Eng. 
lifhmen fhould bee molefted or made ſlaues in any part ofhis Dominions, obtained 
by the aforeſaid M.Henrie Roberts. 


Sch. 7 
e fone of the Enmerm of tbe Moores,the Iarifte the Haceny, whole bone? Sum ing 

increaſe ¢ abuance his eſtate. This our pꝛincely conmandement is delinered into the 
bands of the Engüly marchants, which remaine in the protection of our fatelp palaces: tothe nd 
that al men which Hhal (ee this meſent writing may vnderſtand that our pꝛincelp counſaile wil re 
lend chem bp the fauop of God, from any thing that may impeach op hurt chem in what ſox forure 
they ſbalbe wonged: and that, which wap ſdeuer they thal trauaile. no man thal take them captines 
in chef our kingdomes ponts, F places which be lung vnto vs, which alſo map protect and defens 
them by our auchoritie from anp moleũatid whatſoeuer: and that no man thal binder them by lap 
ing violent hand ps chem, ¢ (hall not giue octaſion chat they map be grieued in any fore bp theta 
uod and alliſtante of God. Ann we charge ¢ command our officers of our hauens ¢ fortrefies, an 
all ſuch as beare any authonitic in theſe our dominions, and like wiſe al the common people, thatin 
no wile they doe molelt them, in ſuch Cope that they be no way olfended q wonged. And this our 
commande ment (hall remaine inuiolable being regiltred in the middell of che moneth of Rabel n 


che pette of nine hundꝛeth ninetie and ſixe. 
The date of this letter agreeth with the 2b. of March 1587. which I Abdel Rahman el Catan intem te- 


tour for his Maieſtie, haue tranſlated and turned out ot the Arabian into spanith word for woc us i 
Gontcined therein: and in witnes thereof haue ſubſeribed my name as aforefaid, 
N Abdel Rahman el Catan. 


En nombre de Dios el piadofo piadador. 
Oracion de Dios fobre nueftro Sennor,y Propheta Mahumet,y los allegados à el. 


L fieruo de Dios,y muy guerrero, enſalſado por la gracia de Dios, Myra Momanyn hoi 

Myra Momanynnieto de Mera Momanyn,el larif,el Harem, que Divs fieftenga asrq- 

4,9 enhalſe fits mãdadus, para el SeHior muy affamado y — ima io el Conde 

Tercel fer, del pues de dar las loores denidas d Dion y las ovaciones, y ſaludes demidas le Prophets 
Mabumet.  Serwra eſta por or haxer ſaber que ſigò aqui a — veal Corte unefira carta q a. 
tendimos lo que en ella fe contient. Tv ueſtro Ambaxador, qn eld ennneftracorte me die ac 
tender la can{a de ia tardanca de les rebenes hafta agora: el qual defemento recebimos, y nes dame: pr 


Sarisfechor, I quanto a lo que a nos efcrineys por canfa de Inan Herma y lo mefe que nos la diele 


el Ambaxador fobre elantes quellegaffe vueftra carta por la quexa del ambaxador joie fe ania ques. 
ae eee preeder eee dera pasta qnefi le bs ala infticia 


que mas fe le ha de haxer.Y con tanto nneftro Senor os tenga en ſu guardia.Hecha en wnefira cortereal 
en Marrnecos,que Dios foftenga,el 2 I. dias del mes de Remodan anno 9 96. 


In the name of the merciful and pitifull God. 
The bleffing of god light vpé our lord & prophetMahumet, & thofe that are obediée vnto him, 
Cerwane of God both migbtie in warre ¢ p txalted by the grace of God Myra Mo. 
manyn,the ſonne ol Myra momanyn, h Iariff, j Hazeni, hal hing nom Gop K 


SeeVPrseesessez=zrsi wie 


— 


D 


FERS SRSRPEE PRS 


ſul. Ha. his letters, 


le, que lesenpecicre y daa 
e fucrem, ninguno les Captinag 
we lex cabre el anparo de nuefirg 
id, wi ſe dara canſa, de que fea 
sandamos & lose Alcaydes dele 
m cargo, y a toda la gente ci. 
fendsdos en ninguna m 
gundo anne de nuene piemi) 


no de mil y quiniento yoch. 
rete per fu Mageftad faqué,y 
e, y en Fee dello firmo demy 
n. 


EE of Mulh EZamet king 
lloweth,to wit, That no Eng. 
tofhis Dominions, obtained 


e ſeruant of the ſumeame En 
tobe Emperoz of the Moores, 
Jaceny, whofe hone: God long 
andement is de liuered into the 
f our Tatelp palaces: tothe en 
t our pꝛincely counſaile wil de 
n hint them in what font lotum 
no man {hal cake them captines 
ch alfo map protect and vefens 
oman ſhal binder them by lap 
de grieued in aup font by chefs 
of our hauens ¢ fontreſſe, n 
eil the common people, that in 


Abdel Rahman el Catan interpre. 
un into spanith word for wordasis 
ame as atorefaid, 

stan, 


lador. 

met,y los allegados el. 

le Dios, Myra amv! 
8 


im ds el C 


real Corte umefire carta j e. 
den nueftracorte me dio d a- 
mento regeb imo, 9 mes dame: pr 
1,7 le mefene que nos la del. 
del ambaxacdor gue fe ania mei- 
rasta gnefe be hagaa nei 
dia. Hecka en wnefita cortered 
0996. 
ll God. 


oſe that ate obediée vnto him, 
by the grace ol Gow Myra Mo. 
kingdoms God 


The Queenes letters. ofthe Englith nation. 


itie: Anto che right famous, right noble, and right highly eſteemed Carle of 
wunde bis aut ho Deter rd igh mou aht higbly l 


Leicelter, after Due Gov, ¢ due bielfings v Calueations rendyed vnto h prophet 
Mahumet, Tbel ave co gine pouto ouberttano, > pour artined herein our royal Court, 
aie we wel perceiue the cõtents therof, And pour E remaineth bere in our court 


which rem 

tauſe of the ſlownes of the gages oz plenges vntil this time: whith reckoning we ac: 
agen en ſelues an ſatiſſied. And as tduching the matter whereof yon ite vnto vs con: 
cerning lohn Herman, ¢ the ſelſe fame complaint whith poise Embaſſado hath · al him, bes 
tueche chung of pour letter: we had altcady cSmanocd bim tobe taken vpon p . aun which 
pout Emwaſſado bad made of him, whereupon he Mil remaineth in hold. ¢ (hall fo cc. cinue vntill 
furdber iuttice be done bpott hum accoꝛding to his deſttt. And ſo our Lome heepe pou in his ſafe 
ame. [hitte at our royal court in Maruecos, which God maintaine the 20. dap of the mo: pa 
nah Remodan, Anno || 996, . 


The Queenes Maieſties letters to the Emperour of Maracco. 


BKM Vy alto, y muy poderoſo Senor, 
Auendo entendido de parte de nueftro Agente la mucha aficion y volamrad, que nos teneys, 
4 honra, y fauor le haxeys por amor nueftro, para dar nos tanto mayor teftimoniode 
A oueftra amiſt ad, hemes recebido de lo vno, y delo otro muy grande comtento, y fatisfacion:y abe 


* 


no podemos dexar de agradefceroslo, como mereceys, Vueftras rartas hemos tambien rece- liber tothe 
ida,yconellas holgadonos infiuitamente, por ventr de parte de vm Principe, a quien tenemos tanta ob- ©™puem. 


ligacion,Nueftro Agéte nos ha efcripto ſobre ciertas cofas,que deffeays fer os embiadas de aqui H, aus- 
queriamos poder os en ellopuntnalmente coplazer, como pidix,Jos ficcedido, que las gucrraten que 
oon prefente occupadas, no nos lo confienten del todo: Hemos pero mandado, que ſi or ſati gaga en 
parte,y coforme a lo 72475 ora la neceſſitad nes permite, camo mas particularmente os lo dec larar. 
nufiro Agentereſperãdo, que lo recibereys en buena parte, y conforme al animo, con que or lo concede- 
mas, Tyerque nos ba ſido referido, que aueys prometido de proceder contra vm Iuan Herman vaſſallo 
mern, (el qual nos ha graue monte offendido) de la manera que or lo demandarensos, anemos dado or- 
den am dicho Agente de dexiros mas parcularmente lo que deffeameos fer hecho a cerca deſte nes 
gesie rogando or que lomandeys aſi complir: j que feays ſeruido de fareſcer fiempre al dicho gente, 
I tener lo enbuen credito, como hafta agora aurys hecho, fin permiter que nadie os haga mudar de pa- 
. de eee e le podran lemantar, ny dudar, que no complaneos may por entero to- 
nneftra parte os tiere. Nueſdro Sennor guarde voftra may alta roſa per ſo- 
14 — * Grenewici a 3 Inlio A vig . 


q The fame in Englifh. 


abt bigh and mightie Pꝛince, Pauing vnderſtoode from our Agent the great affer 
tion ¢ good wil which you beare vs, and how great honour and fauop you ſhewe him fo3 
our lake to the ende to giue vs moze ample tcftimonte of pour friendihip, we haue recei⸗ 
urd ber v great contentment ¢ ſatiſfaction, aſwel ołthe vne as of the other: and withall 
wecouldnot omit to magnilie vou, accoꝛding to pour deſert. Me haue alſo eceiued pour letters, 
and do not a litle reiopce thereof,becaufe they come from a prince vnto whome we are fo much be · 
helden. Our Agent hath written vnto vs concerning certaine things which pou defire to be 
lent onto you from hence. And albeit we with that wee could particularly ſatiſſle pou, as pou des 
fie, pet it is fallen out, that the warres, wherein at this prefent we be bufied, will not ſufſer vs ful, 
Iptodocthe ſame: neuertheleſſe, we haue commanded to latiſie pou in part, and accopding as the 
pefent nereſſitie doeth permit vs, as our Agent will declare k: pou move particularly, hoping 
Pou mill receiue it in good part. and accapding to the good will wherewith we graunt the fame, 
qm berauſe it hath bene fignifies vnto vs that vou haue pꝛomiſed to poceene in iuſtite againſt 
one lohn Herman bur ſubiett. which bath grieuoutly ofẽded vs, in 


de defive to be done in this bulines, paying pou alſd to commandthe fame to be put in execution: 
and chat it would pleaſe you al wayes to fauour our ſaid Agent and to hold him in good credite, as 
pou haue dane ſutherta, not fuffring pour ſelle to be changed in pour opinion, fop all p falſe reports 
which they may raiſe againſt him . noꝛ te doubt that we wil not accompli at large all chat be thal 
vou on our behalfe, Dur Low keepe and prefcrue pour right high aud mightie perfon, 

in our ropal Court nee Julp, 1387. 1 

2 patent 


239 


with vs 1587. 


font as we haue fent vod son Ver- 
m pou, toe haur giuen oder to dur {aide Agent to infonne you moze partitulariy in that which ih ub. * 


TOE TLIO OCTET RE ae, 
240 The voyages and diſcoueries Patent for Senega,, 


1001, Canibia. 


101, Sunna. 


A Patent graunted to certaine marchants of Exceter, and 
others of the V Veſt parts, and o London, for a trade to the river 


of Senega and Gambia in Guinea, 1588, 


yy Lizabeth bp the grace of God Queene of England, F raunce and Treland, pp 

tee endour of the faith. t. Co our Treaſurer and Avmiral of England, dur Trem 

3 . ſurer and Barons of our Exchequer, and all and curry our officers, minittrs 
ln ſubietts whatſoeuer, greeting. bertas our welbeloued fubserts Wil. 

SEG) liam Brayley, Gilbert Smith, Nicolas Spicer aun [ohn Doric ot of aut Cititſ 

A Exeter mart hants, lonn Y ong of Coliton in owe Countie of Deuon matthant, 

Richard Doderidge of Barneftable in our ſaide Coumtie of Deuon Matthant, Antonie Daffell, 
and Nicolas Turner of out citie of London marchants haue bene perfwaded.and earneũ iy mon 
ued by tertaine Portingals reſident within our Dominions, to vnbertabe and ſet for warve a von 
age to certaine places on the toaſt of Guinca : videlicet, from the Noꝑthermoſt part of the Nut 
commonly called by the name of the Riuer of Senega, and from and within that River all along 
that toa ft vnto the Southermoſt part of another Riner commonly called by the name of] Gam. 
bia, and within that Riner: which, as we are informed, they baue alrendie ones pertoymed accep 
dingly: And fop that we arg credibly giuen to vnderſtand that the further profecuting of the fame 
vopage, and the due and opverlp eſtab lſbing of an overly trafique and trade of marthandiſe ine 
thofe conntreis, will not onely in time be very benefictal to thefe our Realmes and donnnions but 
alſo be a great ſuttour and reliefe vnto the prefent diſtreſſed eſtate of thofe Portingals, who by our 
princely fanour line and continue here onder our protections And cõſidering that the aouenturing 
and enterpꝛiling of a newe trade tan not be a matter of ſmall charge and hazard tothe aduentt 
ters in the beginning: we haue therefore thoughe it tonuenient that our (aid louing ſubierts Wil. 
liam Brayley, Gilbert Smith, Nicholas Spicer, Iohn Doricot, John Yong, Richard Doderige, 
Anthonie Daflell, and Nicholas Turner, for the better intouragtment to pꝛoteede in their {aide 
aduenture and trade in the faive countreis (hall haue the ſole vſe and exertiſe thercof fop a certain 
time. In conſideration whereol, and for other waightie reaſons and conſiderations vs {pecially 
moouing, of our ſpetiall grate, certaine knowledge and meere motion, we haue giuen ¢ gram 
ted, and by theſe pꝛeſents for vs our hetres and ſucceſſos doe giue and graunt vnto the ſaide Wil. 
liam Brayley, Gilbert Smith, Nicholas Spicer, Iohn Doricot, lohn Voung, Richard Doderigt, 
Authonie Daffel and Nicholas Turner, anv to tuery of them, and tu ſuch other our fubiectses 
they oz the moſt part of them thal chinke conuenient to reteiue into their tompanie and ſocittie u 
be che traders with them into the faide countreis that they and euerp of them by themſelues aby 
their feruants oz Factors and none others, call and may fo? and during the full {pace and terme 
of tenne peeres next enſuing the date of theſe prefents, haue and eniop the free ¢ whole trafique, 
trade and keate of marchandile, to ¢ from the {aide Noythermolt part of the ſaid Riuer, commonly 
talled by che name ol the Niuer ol Sencga : and from and within that Niuer all along the toaltol 
Guinea, vnto the Southermoſt part of the ſaid Riuer, cõmonly called by the name of the Riuer el 
Gambia, and within that River alſo. And that they the {aid William Brayley, Gilbert Smith, 
Nicholas Spicer, lohn Doricot, lohn Vong, Richard Doderige,Anthonie Daffel and Nicholas 
Turner, tuety of them, by themſelues op by their ſeruants o; £ actors, ¢ ſuch as they oꝛ the mol 
part oł them ſhall receiue into their companie and ſocietie, tobe traders with them into the fire 
Countreis (as is aforefaid)and none others, (hal and may,fop, and during the ſaid (pace and terme 
of 10. yeres, haue and enioy che fole ¢ whole crafique oꝝ trade of marthandiſe into ¢ from the ſale 
places afore limitted and defcriben, fop che buying e felling, bartering aud changing of and wu 
any goods, wares, and marchandifes whatſoeuer, to be vented had oꝛ found at oz within any the ch 
ties, tones, oꝛ places ſttuated op being in the cofitreis, parts ¢ coats of Guinea before limitttd, 
any law. ſtatute, oꝛ graunt matter, cuſtome oꝛ pʒiuiledges to the in any wife notwih lim. 
ding. And foꝛ the better dering, eſtabliſting, and gouerning ol the ſaid ſacittie x componie in 
the laid trade and trafique of marchandiſe s, and the quitt, oerly and lawful exertiſe of the fume, 
Me for vs. our heires, and ſucceſſo s, doe by tbeſe Ne e and graunt full licenſe and autho: 
ritie vnto the lain William Brayley Gilbert Smith, Nicholas Spicet, lohn Doricot, lohn Nong. 
Richard Doderige, Ambonie sell, and Nicholas Turner, aud to ſuch others as they halle 
reiue into their ſatd ſocietie and company to be traders into the ſaid tountreis, as is aſoʒe ſaid and 
to euery of them, that they op the molt part orthem Mall and may at all conuenienc times at theit 
pleatures, aſſemble and meete together in any place 07 places conuenient, a well toithin — 


chola: 


— 


ent for Senega.; 


bf Exceter, and 
trade to the riuer 


u, F raunce and Ireland do 
ralof England, dur Trem 
turry our officers, minifters 
ue welbeloued fubiects Wil. 
lohn Doricotof out Citic of 
Countie of Deuon matthant 
SParchant, Antonie Daſſell, 
waded. and earneũ iy mon 
ke and ſet Foy warde a vor 
Northermok part of the River 
D within that River all along 
alled by the name of Gam. 
treadie ones perlonned accop 
ther profecutine ol the fame 
and trade of marchandiſe int 
Realmes and donnnions hut 
thofe Portingals, who by our 
finering that the aouenturing 
ge and hazard to the aduentu⸗ 
our ſaid louing ſudiects Wil. 
n Yong, Richard Doderige, 
ent to pꝛoceede in theit {aide 
d exertiſe thertof fa; a certaine 
nD conſiderations vs {pecially 
tion, we haue ginen ¢ gra 
nd graunt unto the ſaide Wil- 
n Voung, Richard Doderige, 
8 tae our N 
their companie and ſocictie t 
pot them by themſelues op bp 
uring the full ſpace and terme 
niop the free g whole traliqur, 
rt of the ſaid Riuer, connnonly 
hat Niuer all along the coattol 
ed by the name of the Riuer el 
liam Brayley, Gilbert Smith, 
nthonie Datel and Nichols 
078, c ſuch as they op the mal 
aders with them into the faire 
uring the ſald ſpate and terme 
rchandife into q from the faire 
ring aud changing of and with 
n ſound at oz within anp the c 
atts of Guinea before limitttd, 


in any wife norwithttan 
the Bw focictic & tomponit in 
nd lawful exertiſe of the fame, 
ograunt full licenſe and autho: 
er, lohn Doricot, lohn Yong, 
to ſuch others as they ſhalltt 
Deountreis,as is aforefaidand 
it all conuenient tines ot thet 
convenient, ai well within — 


Patent for Senega. of the Englith nation. 


atte of Exeter, as tlle where within thus our Realme of England: a other our dominions during 
glad terme of ten yeeres to conſult of, fo, and conerrning the ſaide trade and traffike of mar. 
chanise, and from time to time to make,opoaine, and ſtab lch good, neteſſarie, and reaſonable or- 
ers conititutions, and oꝛdi nantes. fon, aud tout ting the fame trade. And all ſuch orders, conſtitu 
rong and o dtnanc es fo to be made, to put in bye and tretute, and them, oꝛ any of them, to alter, 
chf and made voide. and ff nerde be,to make meme. as at any time. during che ſaid terme of ten 
news tothem oy che molt part of chem then trading, as is afojefaid, hall be thought neteſſary ¢ 
conuenient,cinto all ¢ cucry which ſaid opders,conftitucions,¢ opdinances, thep,¢ euerpof them, 
gall ocher perfons which that hereaſter be ret eaued into the (aio focietie ¢ company, bali ſubmit 
ehencfelues,¢ thal wel x duely oblerue, perfonme, and obep the ſame, ſo long as they (hall ſtand ir 
ure m els (hal pay and incurte ſuch fopfeitures,paines,and penalties, fop che meach thereof, ¢ in 
fuch manner and forte and to ſuch vſes and intents, as by the laid oder conſtitutiong, and oꝛdi· 
nances ſhall be aſſeſſed, limited, and appointed. So almaies, as che fame oꝛders, conſtitutions, and 
min mtes be not repugnaut 0p contrarie to the lawes, Ratuces, and cuſtumes of this Realnie ot 
England no any pe naltie to ercecde the reaſonab le forme of other penalties, aſſeſſed by the com · 
panic of our Parchants,named Aduenturers. And to che intent that thep oue lp, to whome the laid 
power and e of trafftke and trade of marchandize is granted by theſe our letters patents as 
ſntſud, and none others whatſoeuer, without their fpeciall conſent and liteuſe befoxe had, (hall, 
paring the ſaid terme of ten peeres. vſe, d haue trade op craffike, with oz for any manner ol goods 
mmnarchandizes,to and from the ſaid coaftes en partes of Guinea afore limited: Cle doe bytheſe 
prefencs,bp our ropall and fupreame authopitie, ſcraight ly charge, and cummand that no perlon, 
n perſons whatſoeuer, by themſe lues. op by their factops,o7 ſeruants. during the ſaid terme often 
yeerts ſhall in any wife trade optraffike, fo with any goods op marchandtzes, to op from the 
lud coattes and partes ol Guinea, afore limited, other then the ſaide William Brailey, Gilbert 
dn, Nicholas Spicer, Iohn Doricot, lohn Yong, Richard Doderige, Antony Daſſel, and Ni- 
cholas Turner, and ſuch as from time to time, they, o the molt part of them hall teteaue into their 
focietie and companie to be traders with them as is afoyeſaid, as they tender our fauour, and will 
aid dur high diſpleaſure, and vpon paine ol impꝛiſonment of his oꝛ their bodies, at our will and 
pleafure,and to lofe and forfeit the ſhippe i ſhippes, and all the goods, ware s, and marchandizes, 
toheretuith they, oz any ol then, (hall, during the laide terme of tens peeres trade, oz traffike to 02 
from che fait Countreies o any part thereot᷑, accoꝛding tothe limitation ahoue mentioned, contra · 
tie tu dur expyeſle prohibition and reſtraint, in that behalle. And further, wi roe bytheſe pꝛeſents, 
. power and authonitie to the ſaide Willian: Brailey, Gilbert Smith, Nicholas 
Spicer,lohn Doricot, Iohn Vonge, Richard Doderige, Anthony Daſſell, and Nicholas Turner, 
indto ſuch other perſons. as they ſhall receaue into their ſocietie and tompanie, to be travers with 
them as is alopeſaid. and the moff part of them, foꝛ the time being: that they, and euery of them, 
bythemſelues the ir kactoꝛs. deputies, oʒ aſſignes ſhall and map, from time to time, turing the ſaid 
terme of ten peeres, attach, arreſt, take, and ſeaſe all, and all manner of ſhippe, and ſhippes. goods, 
wategand marchandizes whatſoeuer, which ſhall be bꝛought from oz caricd to the ſaid coaites and 
parts of Guinea, afoze limited, contrarie to our will and pleaſure, and che crue meaning of the 
lame detlared and expꝛeſſed in thefe our letters patents. Of all and tuery which ſaid forfeitures 
er, the one third part ſhall be vnto vs, our heires, and ſucteſſoꝛs, and another third part 
thereof, we giue and grant by theſe pꝛeſents, for and towards the reliefe of the ſaid Portingals, 
continuing here vnder our protection,as is afopefapd, And the other third part ok all the fame fop: 
feitures, we doe by theſe pꝛeſents, of our certaine knowledge and meere motion, loꝛ vs our heires 
and furcefidys, rine and grant cleerely and wholy vnto the laid William Brailey, Gilbert Smith, 
Nicholas Spicer, Iohn Doticot, Iohn Vonge, Richard Doderige, Anthony Daſſell, and Ni- 
cholas Turner, and ſuch other perfons.as they thall receaue into their ſotietie, ind tompanie, as ia 
ineſald. and theſe our letters patents, op the inrolment 02 exemplilitation of the fame, without 
up further o ocher warrant, ſhall from time to time, during the laid cenne yeeres, be a fufficient 
warrantand authoꝛitte to our Creafurer of England fon the time being, and to che Barons of our 
Erchrquer, and to all other our officers and miniſters whatfocucr , to mhome it (hall op may aps 
pettaine,to allow, deliuer, and pay one third part of all che ſaid fonfeitures , to the vſe of the laide 
Portingals,anv one other third part ol the fame fopfeitures, to the laid William Brailey, Gilbert 
Smith, Nicholas Spicer, lohn Doricot, lohn Vonge, Richard Doderi ge, Anthony Daffell, and 
Nicholas Turner,and uch other perfons,as they thall receaue into their focietie and companie to 
betraders with chem, as aforefaid,to their otunt poper vſe ant behoofe: which laide allowances 
mb paiments thereof,our will and pleafure is, and we doe Mraightly charge and , be 
m 


241 


—————— ye aT i —e—— 


242 he voyages and diſcoueries Patent fer Senega., 


fromcime to time duely made and perfopmen accopding |p, without anp Delap o) dental of anp eu 
officers alone laid q aup other our officers op ministers wbatſoeutt. And vue dos ſlraigbtip cisege 
aud command, and by chele pꝛeleuts obibite, all and lin gular our cuftomers,collectoys,anp far, 
mers o our cuſtomes and ſubſdies, ann controllers of the fame, of and within our ports of the c 
tie ol London and the Citie of Exeter, and all other pots, creekes , and places, within this au 
Realmeof Eugland, and euer y af them, and all other our officers and minitters tubacfocuey, 
which baue oz hall haue anp dealing as intermedling, touching our ſaid cultomes op lublditz 
that they, ue anp of them by tbemſe lues their clarkes de puties, o ſubſtitute s, o anp of ihemtiu 
odreteau: N in any wile cauſe op ſuffer to he taken op retraued fo) vs, on in our name, otu our il, 
07 for, 0 in the names o; tothe vſes of our heires 07 ſucteſſoꝛs, of anp perſon, o; perſons, ay 
ſunnme op ſummes of money, o other things whatſoeuer, during the {aio terme of ten y 
Nin the name, liru m place ol any cuttome, ſubſidie, op oc her thing 99 dutie, to vs, out htitg, 
ſucceſſos, due, 07 to be due, fo; the cuſtomes op ſubſidies of any iuch goods, wares, ꝙ marchand 
zes to be tranſpoten caried o bought to ap from the priuilenged places, befope in theſe y3: feng 
mentioned, o any of thems : no make, no; cauſe to he made any entry into, 02 of the bookeg olſub 
ſidies o cuſtomes, no make any agreement for the cuſtomes 07 ſubſidies, of, 02 fo) anp 
wares, o) marchandiʒes to be ſent tu. o returned from any the priuilengeoplaces, before inthele 
peas mentionco, ſauing ouelp with, and in the name, and by the confentof the {aide Willian 

tailey, Gilbert Smith, Nicholas Spicet, lohn Doric ot, lohn Yonge, Richard Dodetige, An- 
thony Daſſel: ę Nicholas Turner, q; of fome of them of ſuch as they, op the malt partofthen, 
ſhall receaue into their ſocittie and companp, as afopeſain. Houided al waies, that if at any rime 
hereafter, we our ſelues, by our biting ſigned with our proper hand, oz anp fire oz moe of an 
pruie Councell,for the time bein ee our direction, and bp writing ſigned and ſub lende 
with their hands, ſ g nilie and c ud William Brailey, Gilbert Smith, Nicholas Sp. 
cer, lohn Dericot, lohn Yonge,Richard Doderige, Anthony Daſſell, aud Nicholas Turner, 
to anp of them, oꝛ to any other, whom ihey oz the moft part of them thall recraue into their compa 
nie and ſocietie, as is afoeſaid q other miſe to our officers in our poꝛts of Exeter, or Plunculh h 
them to be nonfied to ſuch as thal haue intereſt in this {periall pꝛiuiledge, that our will and plea: 
fave is chat che ſaid trade and craffike ſhall ceaſe, and be uo longer tontinucd into che (aid coattes 
and partes of Guinea, before sthen immediatly from and alter the ende of ſixe moncthes 
next inſuing, after ſuch fignification and notification fo to be giuen to any of the faive campen 

and ſoc ietie, as ts aſoeſaid, o to our officers in our poꝛts of Exeter, o Plimouth, 

by them to be notified to ſuch as thall haue iutereſt in this {peciall pyiuilenge ,chele 
our prefent letters patents, and our grant therein contained, ſhall be vtterly 
voide, and of none elfect. ne validitie in the lawe, to all intents an. 
poles: anything befoye mentioned tu the coutrarie in an w 
noetwichſtanding. AAitneſſe our felfe at Meltminſter, 
e Map, in the thirtieth peere 
our Raigne, 15 88. 


The ende of the firſt part. 


2 . 
. * 
RN 


— 


— . ] —r . 7;Ü—ð 
* 


atent fer Senega, 


— —— 
any de lay op deniall of anp our 
And ve dos lraigbtiyt 

; cuttomers,collectops and far, 
rand within our ports of the ci 
8, and places, within this cut 
ters and minitters whatſotut 
dur fain cuſtomes oy lublditz, 
ſubſtitutes, o; any of themtul 
pet in a name, oy to our di, 

GUY perlon, oz perfon 9, an 

he faioterme of ten peng ig 
g 9) Dutle, to vs, out heiten, q 
p goods, wares, 02 marchand. 
places, before in theſe yi: fens 
Tp into, 0} of the bookes olſub 
fubfinies , of, 02 £02 anp coors, 
uilengeo places, before in there 
he confent of the {aide Willian 
nge, Richard Dodetige, An- 
they, oz the moſt part ol them, 
ded alwaies, that if at any tin 
hand, oꝛ anp fire oy more of cu 
writing ſigned and ſublenbed 
Gilbert Smith, Nicholas di- 
aſſell, and Nicholas Turner, 
sthall rec aue into their comps 
gts of Exeter, or Plimouth,pp 
iuiledge, that our will and pica: 
tontinued into the Laid coattes 
after the ende of ſixt moncthes 
nto anp ok the ſaide campen 
nts ol Exeter, o Plimouth, 
petiall priuilenge , thele 
ained, ſhall be vtterly 
intents an 
rie in en w 
Ny inter, 


44 


THE SECOND PART OF THE 
tion O an CO- 
3 the Enslith ey A be e the North 5 


and Northeaſt quarters of the /Vorld, with the 
. directions, letters, priuiledges, diſcourſes K ob- 
feruations inc ident to the fame. 


Certaine teſtimonies concerning king Arthur and his Conquefts o 
the North Regions, taken out of the hiftorie of the Kings of Eng- 
land, written by Galfridus (Monnmetenfis, and newly 
5 printed at Heidelberge, Au. 15 8 7. 


Lib. 9. cap. 10. 

Noo Chrifti,s 17. Arthutus, ſecundo 

regnifui anno, fubiugatis totius n 
claſſem ſuam direxit in — 
populo ſubiugauit. Ern hugs pe per 1 — infu- 
§ Jas rumore, quod ei nulla Prouincia refiftere poterat, 
EJ Doldauius Rex Gorlandiz, & Gunfacius Rex Orcae 
dum vitrd venerunt, Tan vectigali ſubiectio- 
nem fecerunt. Emen — in 
Britanniam, ſtatümq; Regni in — pacem reno- 

© -§uans,moram duodecim annis ibidem fecit. 


The fame in En 
7 1 een 


by co of Irce 
Lis tak eee ite Hand, en matte coe i uted — 
% A ü — — — 


ps nagar bim and yeldet him 
semen e ee renn 


0 2 fettes. 
f Lib. 9. cap. 12. 


Iſſis deinde in diuerſa regna L e en Gallijs, ex collateralibus 
Mit C :eani, qui ad * 0 4 —— uu- 


tem Infulis ‘Guillaursssins Rex Fiyberate Maluafia Rez andiz,Doldauius Rex Gotlandig, 
Gunnafius RexOrchadum,Lot Rex Noruegiæ, Aſchilius Rex Danorum. i 
q The 
r 


— — — — — 
1244 The voyages and diſcoueries King Mah. 


Lib. 9. cap. 19. 
T Reges caterarum infularum, quoniam non duxerant in motem Equites habere, 
quot quiſque debebat promittunt,ita vt ex ſex Infulis, videlicet, Hyberniz, 
diæ, Gotlandiæ, Orcadum, Noruegiæ, atque Daciz,fexies viginti mill eſſent ann 
q The fame in Englifh. 1 
Bae unge of che other Jiflands,becaufe it mas noc chen cuftome to breed by boyfes, pny 
ſevthe king as many footmen,as euery man was bound to fend: fo that out of the fix 

namely, of Ireland, Ifland, Gotland, Orkney, Norway, and Denmarke, the king bab Gre fone 
thouſand foulbiers lent him. 


A teſtimonie out of the forefaid Galfridus Momunetenſit, concer: 
ning the Conqueſts of Malgo, king of England. 
b. 1 1. cap. 7. 
V fucceffit Malgo, omnium ferè Britanniz pulcherrimus, multorym 
rum depulſor, robuſtus armis, largior cæteris, & vltra modum 8 præclatus. Hice. 
tiam totam Inſulam obtinuit, & ſex conprouinciales Oceani Inſulas: Hyberniam videlice, 
atque Iſlandlam, Gotlandiam, Orcades, Noruegiam, Daciam, adiecit diriffimis prali's pote. 


ſtati fur, ? é 
q The fame in e 

. eee which was the goodliel man in perfon of all Bꝛitaint, a int 

that expulſed many tyiants. Ve was trong and valiant in warre, taller then moſt mente 
then liued and exceeding famous loꝛ his vertueg. This king alſo obtained the gouernment of tie 
whole Jlland ol Writaine and by mot ſharpe battailes he recouercd to his Empire che fire Ju 
ol the Ocean (ea, which before had bene made tributaries by king Arthur, namely, Ireland, Mand, 
Gotland, Orkney, Norway and Denmarke. 


Ateſtimonie of the right and appendances of the crowne 
of che kin g dome of Britaine, taken out of Mafter Lambard his 
A'pxspreule, fol. 137. pag. 2. 
e Rehurus qu fuit quondam inclitiſſimus Ren Briconum, vir magnus fuit & animo. 
ſus, c miles lluſttis. Parum fuit ei regnum iftud, non fuit animus eius contenys 
4 tegno Britanniæ. Subiugauit igitur ſibi ſtrenuè Sc antiam totam, quę modoNor 
weia vocatur, & omnes infulas vltra Scantiam, ſcz. Iſlandiam, & Grenlandiam, 
* gue ſunt de appendicijs Norweiæ, & Suechordam, & r & Gutlandi- 
am, d& Daclam, Semelandiam, Winlandiam, Cutlandiam, Roe, Femelandiam, Wirelandiam, 
Flandriam, Cherelam, L. appam, & omnes alias terras & inſulas Orientalis Oceani vſq; Ruff. 
am (in Lappa ſcilicet pofuit Orientalem metam regni Britanniæ) & multas inſulas vltra Scu- 
tiam, vſq; dum ſub Septentrione, quæ ſunt de 8 Scantiæ, que modo Norweia ve 
catur.Fuerunt autem ibi Chriftiani occultè. Arthurus autem Chriftianus optimus fuit, & feck 
eos baptizari,& vnum Deum per totam Norweiam venerari,& vnam fidem Chrifti ſemper i. 
uiolatam cuftodire, & ſuſeipere. Ceperunt vniuerfi proceres Norweiz vxores ſuas de nobili 
pene Britonum tempore illo vnde Norwegienfes dicunt fe exijſſe de gente & fanguine regni 
uius. Impetrauit eius temporibus illis Arthurus Rex à domino Papa, & à Curia Romana quoi 
confirmata fic Norwe ia, in perpetuum corong Britannię in augmentum regni huius, vocauitq; 
illam dictus Arthurus Cameram Britanniæ. Hac verd de cauſa dicunt Norwegienfes,{e debet 
in regno ifto cohabitare & dicunt ſe eſſe de corpore regni huius, {cilicet de corona Britannia. 
Maluerunt enim manere in regno ifto,quam in terra corum propria. Terra enim eorũ aridacf, 
& montuoſa, & fterilis,8 non {unt ibi ſegetes nifi per loca. Ita verd opulenta eft, & fertilis, & 
crefcunt hic ap cætera vniuerſa. Qua ex caufa fepius per vices geſta ſunt bella aracit 
ſuna inter Anglos & Norwegienfes,& interfecti ſunt r een verd Nor. 
wegienſes terras multas & inſulas regni huius, quas adhuc detinent occupatas, nec potuenm 
vnquam poitea penitus euelli. Tandem modò confederati ſunt nobis fide, & facramenio, x 
pet vxores ſuns, quas poſtea ceperunt de fanguine noftro, & per affinitates, & coniugis. li de 
mum conſtituit, & cis cõceſſit bonus rex Edouardus propinquus nofter Cui fuit optimus fila 
pacis)per commune confilium totius regni. Qua de cauſa poſſent, & debent predict de ern 
ro nobiſcum cohabitare, & temanere in regno,ficut coniurati fratres noſtti. 


95 


The 


King Maly, 


m Equites habere, 
s, videlicet, Hyberniz, 
i mill effent annumeran, 


ume to breed bp 
1 
marke, che king had fre agg 


Monumetenjis, concer: 


errimus, multorym tyranno* 
pers præclarus. Hice. 
fulas  Hyberniam videlice, 


adiecit diriſſimis præli pot. 


Arthur, namelp,lrcland, Mand, 


es of the crowne 
r Lambard his 


num, vir magnus fuit & animo. 
non fuit animus eius contenys 
antiam totam,que modo Na- 
2. Iſlandiam, & Grenlandiam, 
n, & Hyberniam, & Gutland- 
emelandiam, Wirelandiam, 
Orientalis Occani vſq; Ruf. 
æ) & multas inſulas vieraScan- 
ntiz, que modo Norweia vo 
hriftianus optimus fuit, & feck 
vnam fidem Chrifti ſempet i. 
Jorweiæ vxores ſuas de nobili 
iſſe de gente & fanguine regni 
Papa, & à Curia Romana, quod 
nentum regni huius, vocauiiq 
icunt Norwegienſes ſe debere 
ſeilicet de corona Britanniz, 


pria. Terra enim cori aride, 


verd opulenta eſt, & fertilis, & 
vices geſta funt bella arroci- 
biles. Occupauerit verd Nor. 
ent occupatas, nec petuenm 
t nobis fide, & ſacramento, & 
affinitates, & contiugia.Itade- 
snofter (qui fuit optimus 
nt, & debent pradicti de er- 
atres i 


The 


} King Edgar. ofthe Engliſh nation. 245 
: The famein Englijh. ° Te 
b ̃ Cshngorn es ten icy Ysa otetas ons 


necconcenaed huth it. Oe cherefope valiantip ſubdurd all Scantia, whichis now called Norway, 
daun weuclandlreland, Gotland,Denmarke,Semeland, Windland,Curland Noe, Feme- 


cum n 

— —— Arthur was an exceeding good Chyillian, and carte 
ferry to be baptized, and thynugbout all Norway to wor hip one God, andto rereiut and heepe: 
inuiolably fo ewer, faith in Chut onelp, At that time all the noble men of Norway tooke wives 
ofthe noble nation of the Brtaincs, uh reupon the Norſes fap, that thep are deſtended of the race 
aap blood of this kingdom. Che aforelapd king Atthur obteined alſo in thoſe dayes of the Pope 
ecourtof Romeshat Norway ſdould te fn euer annexed to the crown of Bycaine foy the inlarges 
mentofthiskingdovae, and he tales it the chamber ot Butaine. Fo this cauſe the Norſes fap, 
chat cher ougbt te owell with vs in this kingdome, to wit, that they belong to the crotune of Brie: 
dr tin they dub rather dwell here then in their tute natiue countrey, which is Drie and full of 
mcg, and harren, and no graine groluing there, but in certaine places, But this countrey 
of Bptaine is fruitfull wherein tome and all other good things doe grom and increaſe: ſo which 
caufe many cruell battels haue bent oftentimes fought betwixt the Engliſhmen and the people of 
Norway and infinite munbers of people haue bene flain,aunehe Norſes haue poſſeſſed many lands 
and Filands of this Empire, which vnto this day they doe pollelle, neither could they euer after: 
ards be fully expelled, But now at length they are incoypopated with vs by che recetuing ol our 
nim umd facraments,and bp taking tunes of our nation. and by aflinitie, and mariages. 0) ſo 
the good hing Edward (tubo was a notable maintainer of peace) oꝛdained and granted vnto them 
bp the gruerall content of che whole kingdom, fo that the people map, and ought from henceforth 
wel and remaine in this kingdome with vs as our louing and Iwozne byeetyen, 


The nauigation of king Edgar, taken out of M. Dee his 


ducourte of the Britti Monarchie pag. 54, 3, &c. 


walt and ouely one myſticall citie vuiuerſall, and ſo conſenuently to meditate of the Coſmopoli- 
call goutrument thertol, under the king almightie, paſling on very ſwiltly to wardthe moſt read: 


full and moſt bie terme prefired, 

And J find (faid he) chat if this Bricrith Honarchte would herttoloze haue follotwed the aduan⸗ 
tages which they haut had outward, they might very well ere this, haue ſurpaſled bpiuttice, and 
godly (ont, any particular Monarchie els, chat euer was on earth fince mans creation: and that to 
chau on we perfect common wealths, mol honou⸗ 

e. and e. 

But pee (Laid he) there is a little locke of Lady Occaſion flickering in the atre, by our handes to 
tuch bold on, wherchp we may pet once mope (before all be veterlp pat, and lo; tuer) diſtreetly and 
baliantlp recoucr and eniop, if not all our antient and due apputtenances to Chis Imperial Bꝛittiſſh 
monarchie,pet at the leaſt fome ſuch notable poztion thereof, as (all cirtumſtancts duly and tuſtly 
appertaining topeace and amitie with forren princes being offted e vſed)chis may become the molt 
peaceable moſt rich, moſt puiſſmt, moſt florithing monarchie of all eis (this day) in chiſtendame. 
Prartable, I ſay. euen wath the moſt part of the ſelfe ſame reſpects that quod hing Edgar bab (bes 
in bu a Son) and by funny ſuch means as be chiefly in this Empire dtd pot in proofe and bet 
triumph mtly. whereupon his ſirname was Pacificus, moft aptlp and iuſtly. Chis peaceable hing 
Edgar had in his minde about ſire bundxed peeres paſt. the temeſentation of a great part of che leit 
lame ldæa, which from about only, ¢ by no mans ** 

a, 2. N 


chens Regia, 
Henrici ſecundi. 


246 


The voyages and diſcoueries King Egge. 


This peaceable king Edgar, was one of the perfect Amperiall Mouarches of this Byitiſh En 
pire and therefore thus his lame temaineth (loi euer) reroꝛder. ‘ 
Anglici orbis Bafileus, flos, & Det᷑us AEdgarus, non minus memorabilis Anglis, 
Cyrus Perlis Romulus Romanis, Alexander Macedonibus, Arſaces Palbe Cas 
lus Francis. Anno vit 37.Regni ſui cum fratte, & poſt 21. Idibus Iulij obijt, & a. 
pud Glaſcon ſepelitur. 
O che treaſurie of the turcaſes of ſo famous, and ſo many ping 
(Que olim mater ſanctorum dicta es, & ab alijs, tumulus ſauctorum, ab ipfis difci. 
pulis Domini, ædificatam fuiſſe venerabilis habet Antiquorum aurhorites) — is 
chy cafe nowe z howe bath bppocrifie and pride vnought thy defolation ꝛthough J omitte here the 


names of very many other, boch extellent holy men, and migbty princes, whoſe tartaſes are com 


mitted to thy cuſtody, yet that a Joſeph that triumphant Bꝛitiſh Arthur now this pennt 
Ware gar, doe fohte me with a certaine ſo awful reucrence, here tott· 
pate thy memoziꝛ. 


This peactable king Edgar ( as by auncient Recopdes map appeare) bie Sommer progrelity, 
and peerelp chiefe paſlimes were, the favling round about this whole Ille of Albion, garded nich 
bis grand nauie of 4000,faple at the leaſt, patted into 4. equall partes of petie Nauies, tach ont bo 
ing ol 1000, hips, lo fo it is anciently reropded. 

Idem quoque AEdgarus, 4000. naues congregauit, ex quibus omni anno, poſt feftum 
Patchale, 1000, naues ad quamlibet Anglia partem ſtatuit, fic, æſtate Infulam cir. 
cumnauigauit:hyeme verò, iudicia in Prouincia exercuit : & hac omnia ad fui exer. 
citium,& ad hoftium fecitterrorem, * 

Duld, and would that peaceable and wife king Edgar, befoe need, as being in peace and quitt 

with all nations about him, and notwithſtanding miſtruſting his poſſible enemies, make bis 
pattimes ſo roially, politicallp, and triumphantl v, with fo many thouſand ſhips. and at the lea wih 
ten times fo many men as fhips,and that yeerely? and thal we being not allured of ſuch nein boos 
friendihip, as map become to vs as cruel and tyrannicall enemies as neuer king Edgar needed to 
dzeadthe like, and they as many and mightie pintes . as neuer king Edgar coped with the like bil 
we (ſuid he not iudge it ſame part of wildome to imitate carefully in fome Lisle propoxtion/thougd 
not withſo many thouſands) the pꝛolperous pattimes of peaceable king Edgar, that Spoponicall 
Alexander ? pea ppofperous pattines theſe map be iullly counted, by vhich he alfo made euidat 
to the whole wopld,chat as he wiſelv knew the ancient bounds and limits of tbis Brictith Emput, 
lo that he could and uwuld roialip . iuſtly, triumphantly enioythe ſame ſpite of the deuil· e maugt 
the force of any foren potentate. And all that, ſo highly and faithfullpto the qlopy of God finally in 
tended and bꝛougbeto palle, as the wifett and godlieſt pyelates and counfellors of thoſe dapes (io 
counted ot and reroꝛded ) could belt adulſe ¢ direct him n percbance,but fincerelp commend anid te: 
tilully mrourage him in, he being of himſelle fo bent, as purpoling firtt inuinciblie to foptifie the 
chiele and vttermoſt wals of his Jllandiſh Monarchie, again all foyren encombꝛance poflidie, 


. | 
King Edger, 
of this Bpitith Empire vam 


iter & uieti, quatuot mi 
aan fig 
tas in Septentrionali 
llorũ difcrimina ſuſſi 


profpicere, to . 
—— 


bandes (then ) ſo wm 
I ft 
. 


du, finding fo> their great faleg 
Douarches of this Byiihew 
us memorabilis Anglis, ge 


pnibus, Arfaces Parthis 
bit 21. Idibus Iuli obi, & 


D famous, quam ben 
— 


ictorum, abi Ipſis 
uthoritas) 

m Sthough J omitte 

inces, whofe tartaſes ba * 
dutilh Arthur. notwebis peas 
fopotuful ceucrence, be wit 


are) bis Sommer pogeetiy, 
ba of Albion, garded nh 
wol petie auies rach one: 


ubus omni anno poſt feftum 
ituit, fic, æſtate Infulam Cite 
t: & hee omnia ad fui exer. 


ed, as being in peace and quitt 
is poſlible enemies, make his 
fand thips.and at the ieatt wth 
v Not alſurrdof luch neta bbs 
neuer king Edgar needed to 
dgar coped with the like, thal 
ſome Lisle pꝛopotion (though 
ung Edgar, that Spoponicall 
abe a eo 
Of this Bꝛittiſh Empire, 
me foie of tie beui.¢ maunt 
tothe gloꝛy of Godfinallyin 
ounfellors of thoſe Dapes (i 
ut fincerelp commend and du 
Arnhem fontifie the 
ſoyren encombance a 


a — er. 


olthe Engliſh nation. 24.7 
— 
chu lonilitation kurtheriag and alluting to truſt belt his owne onerſigbt and iudgement, 
1 che fanite in curry qu nter therrof and thar as it were in bis paltime imperiall, 
dhin Summer Gummer cine, to the ent char alter ward in all ſeturitie, he might in CLlincercime (vaca- 
re) —— luſur on land, chiefie do fee bon Gods due honour, mb feconbly co vader 
W his commons. Fon as Macthzus Welt- 

e 1s Of spit Bs myeriall commendation bach left vs aremembpance, 

Habebat autem bod be ee oa Regni prouincias tranſire, vt intelli. 
geret quom legum iura, & ſuorum {tacuta decretorum,a principibus obſeruarentur, 
Ene pauperes i potentibus pegiudie um paſſi, opprimerentur, diligenter inueftigare fo- 
lebat: in vno fortitudini, in te Tutti ſtudens, & Reipub. regniq; vtilitati conſulens 
ede Hinc hoftibus circumquü q; timor, & amor omnium erga eum excreuerat 


1 fee hw 1 . procuredte this Empire ſuth noſpe⸗ 
seus tcuritie, thar bis true and kat heull ſubterts, all maner of wayes (that is at home und alſo at 
— — — 

8 7 
eee wn che e 7 ne vſes ao ardor 


eae 0} ng tet ouer, — 
eee plaka dnp ſupyliant, holding vp to 
e homely concriued,on afraied at, and times 
f — —.— Leese — — 
1 pf tonſtiente to fauotr on maintaine au 
3 1 fubleces bots ghee oy aeetlare Coeur, the (ts) ber, but 
Teeth deres l potentibus esr 2 tober: 
hus why 5 tone fe U entree oune deen 
; prrdli + . 2 er af all bis good tuſttee and 


watch 8 salty " doisity Benet 
pada ing mgr crea, dean ant crag vy finch prttetpall and 
princely meanres, 28 / a Bese ths seen gt mant Monuments yet co our 
daes temaining doe of him wrboubtedly ceftifie 7 As chin od one. 


Alitonantis une clementia, qui eſt rex Regum, Ego AEdgarus Anglorum Bafileus 2: 


* mei, Regum Inſularum, Occani bp D natio- Saad WWE 


m qua . tor x Domi — ago ipſ Deo onmib dten- e 
taui num. gatrum meo- 
ee diene ian totius kan en g e GN an elftadt 15 primus 


4 ‘fegnurh Wee omnes sNationes qu Hainan incoſunt, fbi Armis ſubegit) nul- 

* ee ‘vltra eius fines inperium fut ditatire!a spreftis df, Mihiaureht ponceſ. 

eee lorum Imperio, omnia regia Inſularum Oceanis él. ſuis 

— has; gde NG ruegianh, gruen pattem Hyberniæ, cum ſua nobiliſſi- 

linia, Angloriim regno fubai pat tel Aus ctidtt omies, melt Imperijs col 

1 Nauen dh seg, ech tet & ego Chriſſi glortam. & laudetm exalta- 

* ue, & eins ittuen amnplificate di Ape 8 pe meos fidel¢s Fautotes, Dunſtanum 

Itobum Are Me dum, & Olw aun epiſe opos(quos mihi patres foirituales, 
eee ele) aper pas, ſecundlen aod pote. 


N ien I 


And une this in in another Monument. 


eibirdoH 2 Hanni 


N Ipſius miu be gratis ſuffultus, Ego ABdgerus Baſileus, dilectæ In- Funtatio Bele 

N ſubditis nbi ſoeptris Scotortim, Cunibrorum, ae Brytonum, k omnium fl 

Regio um pet pave’ perftnens, ſuudioſus follicie? de laudibus creatoris omniũ 
Aa. 3. occupor 


248 I he voyages and diſcoueries Nich, de Lynng 


occupor addendis: Ne nunc inertia, nottriiq; diebyy (Plus æquo) leruitus eius tepeſceie v. 
deatur, dc. i ;. mei terreni Imperij anno cc. Anno Incarnationis Dominic æ, 973. a 
Ego AEdgarustotius Albionis Baſileus hoc priuile gum (tanta roboratum authosi- 

tate) crucis Thaumate c len ,! 


So that by all thele ceherfer Records, it is moli euident p che peaceable king Edgar, wag 
thole — aut babe (ite ba Aintree dl blue and 2 — . 


by God and nature vnto this Nutilh monarchie, might haue bene peaceably purchaſtd w ſuch ſox, 
asthe very bleſling and fauous of the diuine Trinitie hath laid meanes for our induſtrie tu atcaing 
to, and enioyed the fame by. N ö 
Andehough fundpy other valiant princes and kings of this land J could recite, which in comes 
paſt haue either by intent gone about, o by wife and valiant explott, haue mettely well molpertd 
nee eee pda auy tenfonable 
? 


ocher ra meanes 
was vied, 07 bp humane wit, o e, to all purpoſen ſufſcient. but only by our 
fea foptes meuailing. and fo by our inuincibie enioxing a . Bukiron 


ſnuller uc So, [hips (great 
ywell appointed ſoz ſeruite boch on ſea and land 
and diltreet older, as partly J haue in othe 


sebecftinone amet the Mates and none af bis En, 
memazie th geile of his chiele woyolp dignitie, in this very ten of 


rememized. ) „ ingyen ol ge, ee 

Ego AEdgarus Angloruin Bafileus omniiima; Reguivlofularum, Ocean Britanniam 
circumiacentis,cunctartimg; natiogum,quz inſta eam includuntut, Imperator, & Dor 
minus. 957 ai 1 


The voyage of Nicholas de Lyma, a Franciſcan Frier, and an excel. 
lent’ Mathematician of Qcfordd, to all the Regions, ſituate vnder the 
* North pole, in the yeere 13 Odin the raigne of Edward the 3,king of England, 
Vod ad de(criptionem (partunn Sepgentrionalium) attingt, eam nas accepimus ex 
Gomis Mere Itinerario Tacobi Onoyen Buſcoducenſis, qui quædam ex rebus geſtis Au Bri- 
tunni citat, maiprem autem partem & potiora, aSacerdote qugdam apud Regem 
— der, f N 364. didicit. Deſtenderat is ¢x illis quos A ead has habi- 
feription f tandas inſulas miſerat, & teſorebat, An. i360, Minoram quẽ dam Anglum Orpnienſem Ma- 
tbe Ruud chematicum in eas inſulas veniſſe, ipſiſq; relictis ad Viteriora atte Magica profectiun deſcripſiſ· 
* ſe omnia & Aſtrolabio dimenſum eſſe in hang ſubiectam formam ford, vei ex lac collogi· 
mus. Euriposillos quatuor dicebat tanto im petu ad interiarem yoraginern np it naues le- 
mel ingreſſæ nullo vento aay > offent, neque vero vnquam tantum ibi ventũ eſſe, vt mo- 
lx frumentariæ circumagendæ Alea rnb habet Gitaldys Canybrenfis (qui floruit, 
An. 12 10) in libro de mirabilibiis Hyberniz,,fic enim {eribit. Non procul ab inſulis Hebridi- 

bus, Ilandia, &c. ex parte Boreali,eft maria quedam miranda vomgoʒ in quam a remoris pry 

tibus omnes vudique fluctus masini tanquam ex condicto fluunt. & tecurnumt. qui in fecres 
nature penetralia fe ibi tanſfundentes, quali in Abyſſum vorantzp, Si Vetö nahem bic fees 
88 N tranſue 


Lich. qe Dm 
leruitus eius te peſcere Ve 


minicæ, 973. 
tanta roboratuin authori 


«of the Englith nation. 249 


— aap fo fae rapitur, & attrahitur fluctuum violentia, vt cam ſtatim itreuocabili- 
tis abforbeat. 

‘ Sragines | huius Oceani, a quatuor oppofitis mundi partibus Philofophi defcri- 

bunt, vnde be tum marinos fluctus, quam & colicos flatus caufaliter peruenire nonnulli con- 


ble king Ed ays iectant. 
ue and : Ii 
bp puarbateo antes ee y The fame in Englifh. 
fo our induſtrie to atcaine ‘of — North parts J haue taken the ſume ut of the vopage ol 
dues , 2 uſ ke, which tertaine conquetts of Arthur king of 
ould recite, which in comes be s thingy anny rcft,he learned of a ce rtaint priett in the 
ue meetely well motperrn in the pere 1364. Tus pict was defeenved from them Buch ing 
pocber renfonable meanes a We en a en 
br oni» bp om a Kranci{can, anda Pachematician of Oxſopd, came into thoſe iſlandes, who leaung 
a limites ofour Byitithro. dean alg tr Magical Arte, deferibed all hole places that be faw, and tooke 
slat andi chebeight of them with his Arolobe, accopding to the forme that J (Gerard Wercator) haue (ce 


unn, in my mappe. aud as J haue taken it out of the atorefaid James Cnopen. We ſaidthat 
thele foure were Naune into an inward guife o; whirlpoo le, tuith fo great a foyre, 
once entred therein cou · d — amet roa backeagatne and that there 


ruite boch on {ea and pay ſo much winde blowing, as might be (ufficient to miue a come mull, 


sight baue in the ‘Giraldus Cambrenfis (tobe flopithen ——— 28 — ing Tobe) in his booke of the 
} 3 ndzactes of certeine ws videlicet: 
and they lum 1 4 the Debpives, Illand ec.) to wardes the Month there is a e 
ni dea hes fo inwingy anrtaine wonderfull wbitipeole of the fea, twhereinto all rhe waurs of the fea from farte hae their 59 
e godly aud imnpcriall fac ſoppe: 
ents een 


ſearighe a 
t 


A Telimonie of the learned W 
er Na Dek e tig 64 voyage of 


i Inns Nicholas de L inna. 


ted bis Em, 
uitic, inde orp tay f 


m Oceauſq; Britanniam 
duntur, Imperatot, & de 


7 


1 Nuo 1360 gt tints 34 pene ote reign nce empha ing 
Edward ebe third) a trier * being a good a ſtronomer, went in compar 
oan others to the moft deen aud world, and there leauing 

company together, be crauelled alone, and purpolelp deſcribed all the No; 

1 Hands, with the indꝛawing feags and the recthd therof at hiareturne he 
100 . d. —— — neni Tnuentio Fote 
ter q qui incipit a po Tulbech 7 ADP purpos tunata. 
Nes patle from En * 


niet, and an excel. 
6 ſttuate ‘wader the 
rd the + 3 King of England, 
bt, eam nos accepimus ex 
a ae, Bri- 
bte quadam apud Regem 
os Arthurus ad has habi- 
eum Oronie aſemm Ma- 
pica profectn deſcripſiſ- 
N vti ex lacabo collogi- 
apinem api, vt nauos fe. 
m ibi iS sg vt mo- 

amn brenſis (qui floruit, 
dist ab na Hebridi- 
oz in quam à remoti 
tecurrunt. qui 115 
Si e Peake. forte 
tranfire 


; , r a a — — — ** 
250 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Nb. Ton 
"A declaration of the Indies and landes diſcouered, and fi ubdiat 


conto the Emperour, and the king of Portingall : And alfo of other: 
partes of the Indies and rich Couric to be difcouered, which the wo- 
fhipfull M. Robert Thorne merchant of London (who dwelt 
long in the citie of Siuill in Spaine) exhorted king 
Henrie the eight to take in hand. 


MOST EXCELLENT PRINCE,’ a 


xperience proourth that nacurailp all Princes be deftrous to tend ave ch 

Large their Dominions and kingdomes . Ulberer it is not to trae 

S any and labour, 

GA | chat map thereby chance, but rather it is to be maructled, if ay prince 

37) content to live quiet with bis one 1 e. r e 
2 „ 

Che world knoweth chat the vefires of Paten beee fo nee ge et rp 
that they haue aduentured and prooued thinges to mans comietture impoſſible, the which ep 
baue made pollible, and alſo chinges dilſicult haue made fatill: aud thus to obtaine their 
haue in maner turned bp and downe che tobole wohld fo many times, that the 
inthe farthett region of the Octident haue purſued with great dillriſte, ben Lopes 
trate and enter into the farthet regions of the Cnn an e g 
partes ofthe Ozient, haue had no leſſe labour and deſire to enter and 
Eee doy pat 
ther bp reaſon of the great ſeas. 

Tbis naturall inclination is cauſe, that ſcatſely it may be ſuſd, there is snp hive tle 
noj hing quite, but chat his ote imagination, 0) other Mincei bis neighbours dor toute bin, 
God and nature hath prouiden to pout Grace, and to pour Gracious pogenitours, this Realmed 
England, and let it in ſo fruiefull a place, and within uch limits, that ie Could ſeeme to be i n 
quiet and aparted from all the fopefaid delice, One ſpectall cauſe is, for that it is compalirs wip 
the Mea: by rcafonchereof it feemes, this u their veſlres and noble toutages brig 
beene mot commonly like 4741 aud with maruellous aach den ce on 
they haue traue lled and paſſed the Seas, making watre, not onely with Rin eo 
ons nigh Le ter a . and — 
red many rich aud lapze dominious, and a D races Realme 
and gloꝛy. And allo now oflate pour Ota gine Weir ee ‘re, and — 
caufe, tr enlarge this pour kingdome, and demand pour limits and tribute of the # renchhing, 
Lich a that prefene he rellrayned, pour Grace in perſon palled with a r into me 
putting pour Graces perfon to great paineand labour, pho conto 
conquercd the ſaid Realme of Fane 
and knowledged pour Graces right and tide : and 8 to ms 
amd full pour requett fn all chengu, and alfo deſted pour Brace fo) peare, ee 
mencie pou could not retuſe. 

Now J tonſidering this pour noble tourage and delitr / Jan atte Ra 
map at pour pleaſure, to pous cs, 2292 25 
2 any of poeta 

ounpen Ductic tomarifeftchis ith 


en e 1 5 5 
e, bath 


profite , places 
— . —— — i 


pevatig dev . Top out of Opainethey haue diſcouerrd all the — tend 6 

Sennen tingall all the Indies and Seas Ouentall : fo that by this part of the Duent and Oeder 

baue tompaſſed the woꝛlo. Sorehe one of them departing toward the Ozient, and the dein 
ate s towardthe Occident, niet againe in the courfe on way of the middeſt of the dap, and fo then was 
Tee dilcbuered a great part ol the fame Seas and coattes by che Spanpards , So that nom tilt u 
bopag: ‘voken be diſeouered the ſaid Nonth partes, the which it ſetmeth come, is one ly your charge and dune, 
40 une, Becaute the fituation of this pour Realme is chereunto neceedt and aptett of all other: and ale 
2 lo chat pou haue | alrcadie taken it in hande . And in mine opinion it will not (come * 


‘Ro A Mob. Tborne. otthe tnglith nation. 
ered, and 080 2 and profitable an cuterpyle , ſecing it nu & eaſuy and wath ſa litie col, labour, 
A 25 Ga We follotw:band obeeined ithough beeretafine pour Grace hath made thercot a proofe, 
NG ay Of otter aupfortd not the cotdmabitie therby as pouctuten; at this tune it tball be noinmpediment . 0) 
, Which the wo- here map be nom ppowriden rentedies fo) thinges, Wen lached, andthe mconueniences.and lcta tr. 
(who dwelt moow:d, chat chen dere tauſe pour Geaces defice toohe no full effert, which iu. the courfts to be 
id king chinged, and follow the afore ſaid new tourſes. And concerning che mariners, Mhippes, and pꝛo · 
wilion, an onder may be deuiſed and taken mect ¢ conuenient, much better then hitherto. Wp rea: 
8 len wbertol, au by Gods grace, no doubt pour purpoſt thali tant effect. Sure ly the cot herrin 
INCE, 7 nl be nothing. m conmparifon tothe great profi. C be labour is much tefle, yea nothing at all, 
to excend ape ty where (0 great honour and gloꝛy is hoped fo); and conſidering well che courtes, trutiy the danger 
9 be mmi u and iwap is hoyter to bs,then to Ppameo? jdoxingall, as by cuident rraſons appeareth. 
ig anp and ' Qupnoweo declare fomething of che camo ditie and valitie of this Manig ation and diſcoue · Mors. 
ruciled, if any prince ut, lis very cletre and certaine, that che Seas that tommonly men fay, without great danger. 
$03 lurelx che people wan adficultie and perill, pea rather it is impolſibie to patie, that thote fame feas be nauigable and 
other, | nuthout any ſuch danger. but that ippes map paſle and haue in them perperualt tleertnelſe of the 
vent toodtaine thetr purpel, bap twichour ap Darkencile of che nig he : which ching is a great cunmoditie for the nauigants. to 
e impolſible, the which the det u all times round ab out them, as well the ſafegardes as daungers, and how great diffrrtuce 
thus to obtaine their tis betweene the commodit ie and perils of other which leefe che mo part of euery foure and 
that the mentie houres the laid light, and goe in darkeneſſe groping their way, J thinke there is none fo 
, labours and perits, to pents but perceiueth this more plainelp, thenit can be exmeſſed. Nea what a vantage hall your 
rife thoſe people of hela (ubieces haue alfo by this light to difcouce che range landes, countries, and coaftes® fox tf 
nd treo che farthe thep that be dilcouerrd, to ſaile by them in dartzeneſle is with great Danger, much more then the 
vntill they could palle no mulles not diſcouered be dangerous to trauell by night oz in darkeneſſe. Het theſe dangers 07 
Die parkenetle hath not letted che Spanpards and Portingals andothce, to difcoucr many vnknowen 
there is any kingdome kult, Realmes, to their great perill. Abich conſtered (and that pour Oraces fubiectes may haue the 
z neighbours doe trouble bin, fame light) it will leeme pour Graces ſubiects to be nuthout artiuitie op courage, in leauing to do 
this lis glonous and no ble encerprife, Foz they being pal this litle way which they named ſo dange · 
bat it Mould feeme to be i place mn, (which may be two opthpee leagues betope they come to the Pole, aud as much mane aiter 
8, for that it is compaſtd uu) they paliethe Pole) it is cleere chat from thence foopetiche (cas and landen are as temptrate as in 
res and noble cournges hem thelepartes, and that then it may be at che well and pleafure of the mariners, to choole wbether 
rat labours; toſtes anv pers, ther will (aile bp che coattes that be tolde, temperate op hot. S02 they being paſt the Pole, it is 
elp with Ringes and dumm they may decline to what part they lib. 
1 4 * md conga: I thep will goe to ward che Orient, they hall inioy the regions of all the Cartarians that tx · Cart aru. 
es Realme wich grea views tend toward che midday, and from chence they map goe and proceed to the land ofthe Chinas, and chma. 
dre, and not witten ul km thente to the land ol Cathato Drientall, which is of all the maine land moſt Oyientall chat 
ind tributt ol che # rench bing, can bereckoncd from our habitat ion. And il from chence they doe roncinue their nauigatton, fol: 
th a great power into Finn, lawn the coatts that returne toward the Occident. they Mall fall in wich Malaca, and fo with all 
doubt vrt the Indies which we call Oyientall, and following that way, map teturne hicher by the Cape of 
ae BuonaSperanfa : and chus they Chall compatie the whole worloe, And if they will take their 
slp do pap the tribute then bu, courte after they be patt the Pole. award the Derivent, chev Chall goe in the backe five of the ew Met dla, 
2 beac, Che ich of pode found land, which of late was diſcouered by pour Oracts Cubiectes, Untill they come to the backt ren bp de 
fide and South Deas or the Indies Occidental. And ſo continuing their voyage they map re: Engl. 
that pour tume tha w the ſtreight of Magellan to this tountrey, and fo they compaſſe alfo the wold by 
coli, periil, 0) that wap sand ik they goe this third way, and after they be paft the Polt, goe right toward the 
* Reale, J krovw tt ts m Pole Antarctic, and then decline toward the lands and Fllande ſituated bet werne che Cropthes, 
J fuppote, ind nder the Cquinoctiall, without doubt they Wall Ande there the richen landes and Jlland / | of 
9 the monld of golde. retious Mones, balme s, ſpires, and other chingesthat we heere c ſteeme mot: 


whirh come out of ſtrange countreyes, and may returne the fame wap. 
By this it appeareth, pour Grace hath not onely a great aduauntage of the riches, but alfo 
cannes fall not crauct] halle of the way that other doe, which goe round about as afore: 


art of the Orient and Decider, 
ward the Drienc, and the octet 
deft ok the dap, and fo then was 
mpards. Bo that now rf u 
is one ly pour charge and dunt, 
md apteſt of all other: and alla 
spinton it will not ferme 1 


The 


— —ꝛ— —äͤññͤ4 — 
271 The voyages and diſcoueries ‘Robert Thorne, 


The booke made by the right worſhipfull M. Robert Thorne 
in the yeere 1 27, in Sinill,to Doc tou. Ley,Lord ambaffadour for king 
Henrie the eight, to Charles the Emperour, being an information of the 
parts of the world, diſcouered by him and tie king of Portiugall: 
and alſo of the way to the Moluccaes by the North, 


Mate noble and reuerend in gc. J bau recetued peu letterz, and baut my, 
0 yp cured and fent to kun m of pour ſeruant, who,yout 


udge 1 

eme contagious de died, fo that the otuner of the boule ſeh dr 

nag his boule would burp himiteretlp, and not be knountof it. lun 
dns haue often times happened in thes countrey. 

Alla to wite vnto pour Loꝛſbippe of the nem trade of piterie of the Cmperour, there ian 
doubt but that the lands are fertile of Cloues, Nutmegu, Bare, and Cumamom and ther iht 
laid Allandes, with other there about, abound with golve, Rubies, Diamonds, Balalſix ra 
nates, Jacincts, and other ſtones ¢ peaties, as all lands that are vnder and necre the e 
noctiall, Fog we fee, where nature giueth anything. theis no nigatd. $03 as with vs ande 
ther, chat are aparted from che laid Equinoctiall, our mettals be Lead, Cinne, and Nyon, fo theirg 
hhe Golde, Diluer, and Copper. And as our fruitesand graines be Apples, Nuts, and Comt, l 
theirs be Dates, utmegs, , Cloues, aid other Ppices. And as we haue Feat, Amber, 
Criſtall, Jaſper, and other like ſones, fo haue they Rubies, Diamonds, Ballaſſes, Sapbyys, 
Jacincts, and other like, And thaugh ſome Cap that of ſuch precious mettals, graines, 07 linde of 
ſpices, and precious tones, theabundance and quantitie is not bing fo great, as our mettale,fruites 
oz lines aboue rehearſed: yet il it be well conſidered, hom the quantitie of the earth vnderthe E 
quinoctiall co boch the Cropicall lines, (in which facets found the lad Golde, (pices and pyc: 
ous ftones) is as much in quantitie, as almoſt all the earth from the Tropickes to both the 
poles :i¢ can not be denied but there is mode quantitie of the (aid mettals, fruices, ſpitts. and p 
tious ſtoues, then there is ofthe other mettals and other chinges beloꝛe rchearſed. And J ice che 
the pꝛetiouſneſſe of theſe things is menſured after the diſtance that is betwerne vs, and the thing 
that we haue appetite vnto. Foz in this nauigation of the piterie was diſcouered, thattheſe J; 
llands nothing ſet by Golde, but fet moe hy a hnile and a naile of pron, then by his quantiut ui 
Golde: aud with reaſon, as the chong more-neceflavie ſoʒ mans ſeruice. And J doubt not butte 
them ſhould be as precious our come and feeds, i they might haue them, as to vatheir fpices: un 
likewife the pieces of that here we haue counterfeited, are /s precious to them, as to bs then 
ftones : which by ce is {rene daylp by them that haue trade thither. Shes ol the vichesof 
thoſe countries is fufficient, 

reel able to the Emperour oy no, k 
map be without double of great profit : if as the king all doth, he would become a met: 
chant, and prouide ſhippes and their laving, and trade alone, and defend the trade oftheſe 
Thanos for hinfelfe. But other greater buſmeſſe vuthholdeth him from chi 
it is be gunne to be occupied, it would come ta much. Kop che lippes comming in fafetie, there 
wauld thither many euery peere, of whichto the Emperour is due of all the wares and icwels thu 
tome from thence the lit part fo his cuſtome cleare without any coſt. And befives this he put 
teth in euerp ſlote a certeine quantitie of money, of which he enioyeth of the gaines pound and 


Chis was the poundes like as other aduencurers doe. In a floce of tbhee ſdippes and a carauell that went from 


fleet 


Cabot 


reve 
of 


. 


‘oue- Chis citie armed by the merchants of it, wbich departed in Ayu lad paſt, J and my partentt hart 


one thouſand foure hundꝛed ducked that we employed in the {aid flecee, principally {o> that tuo 


1s. Engliſpmen, friends of mine, which are lome what earned in Coſmographie, Mould goe in the 


ſame 8, to bring me certame relation of the fituation of the countre y, and tu be expert inthe 
nauigation ot thoſe ſeas, and there to haue infopmations of many other thinges, and aduiſe that T 
deſit to knoweſpetially. Mering in theſe quarters are hippes, and mariners of that country, 
and tatdes by which they faile, chough much vr like ours: that they ſhould pocure to haue the aid 
cards, and learue how they vndertland chem, and efpeciallp to know what nauigation they bane 

for thofe Iſlands opthwards, and Montheaſtward. 
Fo} if fromthe (aio Illandes the fea did extend, without inte rpoſition of land, to ſaile fromthe 
Nofth point to che Noftheaſt point one choufand ſeuen hundred oz one thoufand — 
caquis, 


Robert Thorne, 


baffadour for king 
aformation of the 
Portiugall: 

North. 


d pour letters, and haue 
Landhppe! Pio 


ey. 
of che Emperbur, ther inne 
d Cumamom : andebar the 
iamonds, Balaſſis Cre 
e vnder and necre the m 
Foz as with vs ande 
Tinne, and Don, ſo theirg 
pples, Nuts, and Come, fo 
nd as we haue Fcat, Amixe, 
onds, Ballas, Dapbyys, 


nie of the earth vnderthe E· 
{aio Golde, {pices and prea: 
t che Tropickes to both the 
ne rebearted , And J ice that 
betiueene vs, and the things 
was difrouered, thattheſt J. 
Poon, then by his quantiut ii 
tice, And J doubt not butte 
em, as to vatheir ſpices: un 
pectous to them, as to bs ther 
hither. Shes ol the richesof 


ble to the Emperour 07 no, K 
oth, he would become a met: 
and defend the trade of helt 
from this. But fill, as no 
pes comming in ſafctie, chere 
all che wares and icwels thit 
of, And befives this he pur 
ppeth of the games pound and 
mo a carauell that went from 
pat, J and my partener hart 
rete, principally ſo) that two 
nographie, fhould goe in the 
untre p, and co be expert inehe 
ber thinges, and aduiſe thut z 
d mariners of that country, 
ſhould procure to haue the id 
n what nauigation they haut 


ficion of land, to ſaile from the 
one thouſand eight hund 
leagues, 


Rae — 
Robert Thorne. of the Engliſh nation. 253 


Jo apr come coche Kew founde iflandes chat wee biſcoueted, and ſo we fhould be Tbe Mew 


net tbln Spire by altott cwo toufann leagues then che Emperour, op che king of 


gal art. Andtoaduile pour Lopothippe whether of theſe opiccriesof the king of Worzins be Enguld. 


gallerche Eneperours is necrce, and alto of che cittes rhareicher of chem bath, and bowour Few 
found andes ate parted from it. (fop chat by twnicing wurbout forne Demonftration, it were hard to 


gut any verlararton olit) I baue cauled that your L oſhippe thall rettiue herewith a litle Happe  cpapye of; 
n Cnde of the worlds the which, I feart mne, thall put pour Loꝛdſhippe to moꝛe labour to under. "be would. 


dam, then me to make it. due ly fop chat it is made in fo little roome that it caunot be but obſturely 
(er out, that is delred to he ſeene in it, and allo fe that J amin this {rience little erpert : Pet to te. 
nedy in pact this dilficultte, it is neteſſary to declare to pour Lodſſippe my intent, with which J 
pou (hall perceiue in this Card part of pour defire, if, fo that J can not exꝑꝛeſſe mine intent, 
wpith my declaration J do not make it moze obſturt. 
Furt. pour Loy oſbippe kno weth that the Colmograpbers haue diulded the earth by 260 de. 
in latitude, and as many in longitude, vnder the which is comprehended all the roumdneſſe of 
acl the latitude being diulded into foure quarters, ninetie degrees amount to euery quarter, 
which they mealure by che altitude of the Polens, that is the Forth and South ſtatres. being from 
the line Equinoctiall till they come right vnder the North ſtarre the ſald ninetie degrees: and as 
nuch from the laid line Equinoctiallto the Mouth Marre be other ni ietie degrees. And as much 
nn is allo from tither of the laid ſcatres againe to the Equinottiall. Which imagined to be 
id is foone perceiued thus. 3 õo degrees of latitude to be conſumed in the fain ſoure quarter s of 
murtie degrets a quarter, ſo that chts latitude is the meafure of the world from Nanth to Bouth, 
andfrom South to Month. And the longitude, in which are alfo counted other 360, is tounted 
from Net to Caſt, op from E aſt to (Aeſt, as in the Card is fer. 


Che faid latitude pour Lopothippe map fee marked and diuided in the end or this Card on the Canan. W 


uit hmd : lo thit if pou would know in what degrees of Latitude any region oꝛ coaſt ſtandeth, take a 
amm iſſe, and (pe the one foot of the Carre in the Equmoctiall line right againſt the {aia region, and 
appl toe other foot ol the compatle to the (add region oz coaft, aud then fet the ſuid cumpaſſe at the 
end ol the Card, where the degrees art diuided. And the one foot of the compaſſt Landing inthe 
line Equinoctiall, the ather will thet in che ſcale the degrees of altitude 07 latitude that the laid ree 
giants in. Alſo the longitude of che world J haue fet out in the nether part ol the Card, conteis 

allo 360 degrees : which begin to be counted after ptulome and other Coſmographers from 
an head land called Capo verde, which is ouer ag ainſt a little croſſt made in the part Otcidentall, 
here the diuilton al the degrees begumeth, and endeth in the fame Capo verde. 


Nom to know in what longitude any land is, pour Lœdſhippe mutt take a ruler oa campaſſe, co knot the 
md ſet the one foot ol the compaſſe vpon the land oz coaſt whofe — — 5 would know, and denguudes 
| 


entend the other foot of the compaſle tu the nert part of one of the tran ines in the Oꝛien· 
tallor Occidentall part: which done, fee the one foot of / le tompaſſe in che ſaid tran ſuerſall line at 
the end ok the nether ſcale, the lrale ol longitude, and t / other foot ſheweth the degree ol longi⸗ 
de that the region is in. And pour Lo ſhippe mutt u derſtand that this Card though litt le ton · 
teinerh the vniuerfalt whole world bet wirt two Coll aterall lines, the one in the Octidentall part 
deſtendethj perpendicular vpon the 175 degree, and the other in the Oriental on the 170 veges, 
vhoſe diſt ince meaſureth the ſcale of longitude. Ind that which is ut hout che two ſaid cranfuers 
{all ines. is onely co thew how the Ouentall part is io med with the Octident, and Occident with 
the Onent. For that that is ſet wut hour the lime in che Oꝛientall part is the fame that is fee within 
the other line in the Occidentall patt: and that that is fet without the line in the Occidentall part, 
isthe ſame that is ſet witlun the line on the Ouentall part, to thew that though this figure of the 
vnd in plane o flatte feemerh to haue an end, pet one imagining that thts laid Carde vert fet 
nn a round thing. where the endes ſboulde tauche by the lines. it would plainelie appeare how 
the Ouent part ioyneth with the Oerment. as thert without the linen it is deſtribed and figured, 

Ann for mone declaration of the (aie Card. pour Lonoſipne hall underſtand, that beginning 
onthe pt Oceldentall within che line. ehe ſirſt land that ts fet out, is the maine land and Ffiand 
ofthe Indies ol the Emperour. CCivichmameland od coatt gurth MQorthiward ant finitherh in the 
land that we found, winch is called herve Terra de labrador. So that it appearethj the {ato land 
that we found. a ad the Indies co be all one mame land 

The faid coaſt from the uud Indies as bythe Card your Lomſſippe may fer, 


commcth to a certeme ſtraight Sea, calles Eftrecho de todos Sanctos : hy which fraimhe Dea poe cates 


the Spanvardes goe to the Gpiceries , as I fall dertate m at lar : che which ſtraiqi Goes 
isright againt the the hundꝛed fifteene Degrees of longuude, and is of latitude K 


— |) . Fy . — i 
The voyages and diſcoueries M. Nb. Thorne, 


Docten keys 
demand. 


— — — — — — — 
Equuioctiall tee and ſiſtie degret s. Che lirſt land from the aid begunung of 
— Dyent att certaine Allandes of the Canaries, and Illandes of Capo a, en 
fir maine land next to the line Equinoctiall is the ſaid Capo verde, and from hence Rorhwary 
bpete Mreight of this Sea of Italte. And lo followeth spaine, France, Flanders, Aimaing, 
and Loy wap, which is the bighet part toward the Mopth, And auer againſt Flag, 
ders art our Illands of England aud Ireland. Ol the landes and coaes within the dreights 4 
haue fet out onely the Regrons, diuiding them by lines ol chete limits, by which plamelp J thinks 
pour Lopothip map (ce, in what ficuation euerp region is, and of what huqtbneſſe. and with tuba to 
duns it isiopned, J do thinke ſew are left out of all Europe. Inthe parts of Alia and Affricay 
could not fo well make the ſaid duuiſſans: fop that the pipe not fo well knotwen,nop nerd not ſo much, 
This F write becauſe in the ſaid Card be made the (aid lines and ſtrikes that pour Lon dſpip hous 
vnderſtand wherefore they dor ſerue . Allo returning to the forefaiv Capo verde, the coat 
Mouth ward to a called Capo de buona ſperanſa: which is right ouer againſt the 60 f 65 
degree oflongicude. And by this Cape goe the Poningals to their Opicerie. F 07 from this Cape 
toward the Ozient . is the land of Calicut, as pout Loſhip may (ce in the head land ouer again 
the 1 zo degrer. From the ſaid Cape of Buona ſperanſa che coat returneth toward the line Cum 
noctial. and pafling foꝛth, entret ht he red ſea. x teturning out entreth againe into the gulſe ol pern, 
e returneth coward the Equmoctiall line, till that it commeth to th head land called Calicut afoys 
faid, and from thence the coat making a gulfe, where is the tiuer of Ganges, returneth to warte 
line to a bead land called Malaca, where is the principall Spiccric : and from this Cape iim 
neth and maketh a great quife, and alter the coaſt goeth right coward the Oꝛient, and ouer agan 
this latt gulte and coalt, be many Allandes, which be J landen of the Opiceries or the Emperowr, 
ch the Poꝛting als and he be at variance, 


arme of the Ota, witha gulfe which is called Mare Adriaticum. And in the bottonu of this 


gulle is the citie of Venice, Aud on the other part of the (aid qulfe is Sclauonia, and nem En 
cia, then the ſtreights of Conſtant inople, and then the fea called Euxinus, which is within the fain 
ſtreigbts: and conning out of the ſaid ſtreights. ſoloweth Turc ia maior( though now on both fies 
it is calted Turcia.) Ind ſo the coat runneth Southward to ia, and ouer again’ the (ais 
Turcia ave the Iſlands of Rhodes, Candie, and Cymus. And ouer again Italie are the J ſlantt 
of Sicilia and Sardinia, And ouer againſt Spaine is Maca and Minorca, In the endof 
the gulle ol ya is Tudea, And from thente returneth the coaſt toward the Occident, till it com 
meth to the ſtreighes where we beganue, which all is the coaſt of Affrike or Batbarie. Ai your 
Loꝛoſhippe thall vnderſt and that the coattes ol the Ota thoughout all the world, J haue coloured 
with vel low, foꝛ that it may appeare that all that is within the line coloured yellow is to be ima 
ned to be maine land oz J ſland: and all without the (aid line ſo coloured to be Sta: whertbyit u 
caſie and light te know it. Albeit in this little roome any other de ſcription would rather han 
made it obſcure then cleere , Alfo the ſaid coatts of the Sea are all ſet iuſtly after the mance an 
forme as they lie, as the nauigation approourth them throughout all the Card, ſaue only the call 
and Illes of the Spicerie of the Emperour whichis krom ouer aganuſt the 1 60 tothe 215 degrees 
ol longitude , Fon theſe coattes and ſtuations of the Illands.euery of the Coſmographers and 5 
lots of Nontingall and Spaine do fet alter their purpoſe. The Spanpurds mont cowards the 
tient. becauſe they ſhould appeare to appertaine to the Emperour: and the Pontingals moe tou 
the Oceldent. foꝛ that they thouln fall within their iurifdiction . Do that the pilots and nauigants 
thither, which in luch cafes ſhould declare the truth, by their indultrie do ſet them fallly curry ont 
to faun his prince , And for thus caufe can be no certaine fituation of that coait and Tn mds. till thu 
bulle tente bet wirt them be verifies. Mow to come to the purpoſe uf pour LMDW As demand toe 
ching the mere nee bet wer ins the Cmperout and the king ol Poztingall,  smderfanvie better, 
mut verlar ehe beginning ol tlus diltouerie. Though Feraduenture your L opothip map (ep that 
in that I haue ipitten ought ol purpole, J fall in the pourrbe, A ge mino ouo bellum : But pont 
Lopnfbip commanded me to be large, and I cake licence to be molixaus, and ſhalbe peraduentus 
te dious jun pour L. oſhix kno metht hat Nilul iguorantia vetboſius. 


| 


Alte 8 


The 


= 


77 


8 


BEES 


22 
2 


PLE E 


A. Rob. T borne, 


Lt 
D begunung ol the Card 
of Capo verde, Bur the 
ND From thence Ronth mad 
ance, Flanders, Almant, 
ites within che Qreigheg 
by which plamelp J tl 
» AND with woher rep 
parts of Afia and Affricay 
omen non need not fo much, 
stbat pour L ſhih thous 
apo verde, the wa goer) 
c ouer againſt the 60 f 65 
cerie. F op from this Cape 
che head land ouer againg 
meth toward the line Com 
inc meoche gulle of pern, 
d land called Calicut alex. 
GTS, returnethtowardthe 
and From this Capt ttiut 
be Ozient, and ouer againg 
dpiceries of the Empewur, 


be * 55 degrees, andafter 
ly kno lune, J may ioynt u 
| Erni with this bueſe me. 
clare how the coatts with 
the on the Nut 
es to Mpaine, ig che cual el 
Italie, which land bath on 
And in the bottoni of this 
J Sclauonia, and nem Sw 
us, which is within the faid 
though now on boch fines 
„and ouer againd the fav 
yaind Italie are the Jſuntt 
AD Pinozca. In the endof 
rd the Occment, till it com 
theo Barbarie. Allo your 
the world, J haue coloured 
ured yellow, is to be imagh 
edto be Sea: whertby it u 
cription would rather haut 
ct iuſtly after the maner un 
e Card, ſaue only the coatts 
the 160 tothe 215 degrees 
he Coſmographers and 5 
vurds mope towards the 

he Pohtingals moje touum 
at the pilots and nauigants 
do fet them falflp tuerp one 
At coait and Ta ms, fill th 
aur LM demand to 
ll, t smderftanvit better. 
your L ooſbhip map (ep that 
no ouobellum : But pont 
us, and (habe peraduentur⸗ 


th 


udge of all, not onely graunted that all that 


After this in the peere 1492. che king of Spaine willing to diſcoter lands toward the Octident 
without making any ſuch diligence, oz taking licence of the king of Portingall, armed cereaine 
Caruels, and then diſcouered this India Octidentall, eſpecially two Iſlandes of the ſaide India, 
that in this Carde J fet foreh, naming the one la Dominica, and the other Cuba, and bought cers 
taine golde from thence. Ok the which when the king of Portingal had knowledge, hee ſent to the 
king of dpaine, requiring him to giue him the {aid Illands. Koythat by the ſentente of the Pope 
ill that ſbould be diſcouered was his, and that hee ſhoulde not pꝛoceede further in the vifcoucric 
without his licence. And at the fame time it ſeemeth that out of Caſtill, into Portingall had gone 
in kene of burning infinite nomber of Jewes that were expelled out of Spaine, fo that they 
would not turnt to be Ch iſtians, and carried with them infinite nomber of golde and filuer. Do 
tacit ſeemeth that the king of Spaine auſwered, that it was reafon that the kung of Portingall 
ird and chat to be obedient to that which che Pope had decreed, hee would giue him the layde 
Aus ol che Indies. Mowe for as much as it was vecreed berwirt the aide kings, that none 
Hhoulo veceine the others ſubtects fugitiues,nop their goods rherfope the king of Portingal (houly 
n of Spaine a million of . that the Jewes had catie d out ol 

peine to Portin gal, æ that info doing be would giue thefe Illanos, and defit? from any move dil 
courting, And not fulſilling this hee would not onely not glue theſe Iſlands, but procure to diſto · 
wer more where him belt. It ſeemeth that the king of Portingal woulde not, c; could not 
with his eae pay this money. And lo not paping chat he could not let the king of Spaine to Difco 
witsfo that he enterppifen not toward the Drienc where be had begun ¢ foun the Wpiterie. And 
confented to the king of Spaine, that touching this diſcouering they ſwoulde deuide the luonlde be. 
tuttne them two. And that that ſhould be diſcoue ted from Cape Verde, where this Carde be⸗ 
ginnech co be counted v che deutees of longitude to 180 ol the ſaide (cale of tonginuve, which is 
dalle che wold toward che Ozient . x ſunſpeꝛh in this Card right ouer againſt a title troſſe made at 
the laid 1 do. degrees to be the king of Vortingals, And all the land from the ſald Croite to warde 
the Octident, vntill it iopneth with the other Crolle in the Orient, which conttineth the other 
bundnech and eigbtie degrees, that is the other halſe of the woꝛlde to be the hing of Spaines, Wo 


The Pope re⸗ 
piehended. 


that from the land ouer againtt the ſaid hundzeth ¢ eigbtie degrees vntill it init in the thuee hun⸗ 


ned i lirtie on both the ends of the Card is the iurildiction of che king ol Spaine. Bo after this 
nuner they deuided the woꝛld betweene them. 

Now foz that theſe Jllands of Spicerie fall neere the terme and limits betweene theſe Min · 
tes (a as bythe ſaid Card you may fee they beginne from o gunz and ſirtie degrees of Lon 
gitude,anb ende in 1 f.) it ſeemeth all that falleth from 1 6.09 1 80, vegrees, (hould be of Por- 
tingall sanu all che reſt of Spaine. And for that their CoMMmograpbers and Pelots coulde not 
nee in the ſituation of the — Illandes ( for the Portingals fee them all within their 1 80, 
degrees, and the Spaniards ſet them all without): and for that in meaſuring, all tbe Coſmo· 
sraphers of both partes, oy what other that euer haue bene cannot give certaine oder to 
mrafure the longttuve of the wozlor, as they doe of the larttune: for that there ia no Marre 
Gen fon Eaſt to Welk, as are the ſtatres of che Polen from Forth to South, but all moo 
uch with ehe ooung W howe certainelp „ 


T longts 
Se 


TT an 
256 The voyages and diſcoueries ‘Robert Thorne, 


*— 
but by coniectures, as the Nauugautu haue efteemed the way they haue gone, But it is mit 
that dpain⸗ gadthe lituatton of al the lands from Cape Verde, toward ᷣ Dꝛient of the Polungib 
to their 180, degrees. And in all chee Cardes they neuer hitherto fet the ſatde {lands lan 
their limitation of the ſaide 180, degrees, ( Though they knewe very well of the Z ul 
nome that the Spaniards diſcouettd chem. Au it is knowen that the king of Potingal bad trary 
to theſe lands afoze but would neuer ſuffer Portingall to goe thithet from Calicut: fo) fo nac 
as he knewe chat it fell out of his Dominion : leaſt by going thither there might come fome um 
lenge of thole other {lands of the hing of Spaine, but bought the cloues of Parchantz of the 
countrep,chat boug be them to Calicur, derer chen chep would haue tot if bee bad feneig 
them thinking after this maner it would abide alwapes ſecret. And now that it is difcourren bey 
fendes and kerpes the Spaniards from the trade all that he tan. 

Alfo it ſhould feeme that when this forefain tonſent ol the diuiſion of the woꝛlde was agted 
betweene them, the king of Portingall had alreadie diſtouered certaine Iſlands that lyt ourry 
gainſt Cape Verde, and alſo certaine part of the maine lande of India towarde the South, from 
whence her lette Braſil, and called it the lande of Braſill. Mo fo that all ſhould come in his tin 
and limites, bee tooke chet hundꝛed and ſeuentie leagues beyonde Cape Verde: and after thes, 
bis 180. degrees, being bis part of the woꝛlde , ſboulde begin in the Carde ouer againſſ the 
340. degrees. where I haue made a litle campaſſe with a croſſe, and ſhoulde finiſh at the 160. be. 
gree, where allo J haue made an other litle marke, And after this computation without any con, 
trouerfic,che J lunds of the ſpicerie fal out of the Portingals domination. Do that nowe the Spa. 
niards (ap to the Portingals, chat if they woulde beginne their 1 80. degrees from the ſalde Cape 
Verde to the intent they ſboulde extende moe towarde the Ozient, and fo to touche thoſe Fflanng 
of the Opirerie ol he Emperour, which is al that is betwerne the two crofles made in this Cum, 

then the Iſlands ol Cape Verde aud the lande of Brafill that the Portingals nome obtaint 
out ol the ſaide limitation, and that they are of the Cmypcrours. Oz ik their 1 80. degtten they 
count from the; o. leagues beyonde the ſaide Cape Verde, to include in it the fue Jlands am 
landes of Brafill, then plainelp appeareth the {aide 180, degrees ſhoulde finith long before they 
come to theſe J lands of the piceric of che Cmperour:As by this Carve pour L ordihip map ker, 
Fox their linuts thoult begin at the 340, degrets ol this Carve, and ende at 1 60,degrers, white 
A baue made two litle mar kes of the compatle with croſſes in them. 

Mo that plaine ly it houlde appeare by reaſon, that the Portingals thoulve leaue theſe Am 
ol Cape Verde and lande of Braſill, if they woulde haue part of the Spicerie of the Emperours: 
onels holding theſe, they baue no part there. To this the Portingals fap, that they will begime 
their 180, degrees from the ſelle fame Cape Verde: for chat it map extende fo much moet 
warde the Ozient, and touche theſe Iſlands of the Emperours : and woulde winne theſe June 
of Cape Verde and land of Brafill neuertheleſſe, as a thing that they pollelled befope the cunlen 
ol this limitation was made. 

4 oe — can verely tell which hath the bet reaſon. They be not pet agreed, Quare fublu. 
ice lis Cit, 

But without doubt (by all coniectures of reafon, he ſaide Bands fall all without the limiee 
tion of Portingall, and pertaine to Spaine, as it appeareth by the mo part of all the Cards mum 
by the Portingals,faue chofe they haue falfified of late purpoſely. 

But nowwe touching chat pour Lopthippe wrote, whether that which we diſtouered toucheth 
anything the forefaive coattes : once it appeareth plainely, that the Newe founde lande that wee 
diſcouered, is all a maine lande with the Indies Octidentall, from whence the Emperour hath 
all the golde and pearles: and ſo continueth of coaſt more then 3000. leagues of length, as by 
this Carne appeareth, Fon fromthe ſaid New landes it moteedeth to warde the Octident to the 
Indies, and from the Indies returneth to ward the Ozient, and after curneth South warde vp allt 
tome tothe Atraites of Todos Sanctos, which I tecken to be more then 5000, leagues. 

Do that to the Indias it thoulve ſeeme that wee haue Come title, at leaſt that fe our vifcour 
ring wee mighe rade thither as other doe. But all this is nothing necre the Opicerie. 

Nowe then (if rom the ſaide Nee founde landes the Mea bee nauigable ) there is no doubt, 
but fapling Noxhwarde and palling the Pole deſtending to the Equinoctiall line, wer all 
hitte theſe Illandeg, and it ſboulde bee a much Mopter way, then either the Spaniards othe 
Portingals haue. Sop wee be diſtant from the Pole but thirtie and nine degrees and from the 


Pole to the Cquinoctiatl be 90, the which added together, be an hundzeth twentie and nine d · 


grees, leagues 2480. and rules 7440: There wee thoutve linde thefe Jllands. And the Nw 
uigation of the Spaniards tu the Spiceric is, as by this Carde pou map fee, from — 


1 
inerbecotwarde the Cape V 
alle Capo de bona {pera 


to the Nands of Spi 


bee no leſſe pꝛoſttable to our 
hing of Portingall. 

But cis a generall opini 
Ict, and the colde fo much t 
paver the line Equinoctiall 

het fince (bp experience 
clude, ehinke the fame Chou 


Nihil fit vacuum in ri 


themountaineg aud Rivers 
the fea, the name s of all pp 


(snot op Piloes to ſaile by, l 
amt by this pour L omſbep 
hot marueile, by reaſon of ti 
make a bigger and a better 9 
inthis and all other nothing 
dentiam perueniens. Alſo 
tule of Conmgraphie, it wou 
Routt nut haue bene fo plal 


And alto 0 
tag yf tne Conca 


Reber Thorne. afthe Engliſn nation. 


gamed Canaric, ann from chete Alanas thep nume dusche line Equinoctiall enam: 
uch Cape ol the maine land of the Indians, called the Cape of S. Auguldine, and from this Capt 
cane — — 5 . nips 2K 
* 1 0 b D teturne to warde of 
E. Equinoctall to tbe Aus of Spices, tbc are —— 400% 


43 : : 1 
Che Aauigation of the Portingals tothe Caine Alands, is departing from Portingall Mouth 
tearve totarde the Cape Verde, ànd from theuce to another Cape the line Eaguinoétall 
alla Capo de bona {peranfa, and from Portingall to the Cape is 1 800, leagues, and from this 
my Nands of Spicerie of the Emperour is 2500,leagues, 
that by this Nauig ation amounteth all to 43 00,leagues, Mo that (as afope is {aid, if bes 
mtu our Rewe founde Landes 02 Norway, o J land, the ſeas cowarde the Mopth be Nauiga · 
ble, net fhoulbe goe to theſe Nandes a ſboꝛter way by mope then 2000. leagutx. 
dns though wee went not to the (aide Jlandes, fo} that they are the Emperours op kings ol ere. 
Portingall, wee ſboulde by the way and comming once to the line Equinoctiall, Gabe lanes ns 
lid riche of golde and Spiceric,as all other landes are vnder che {aide line Equinoctall: and al- N He 
fo laude, if we may patle vnder the Month, enioy the Nauigation of all Tartaric. CElbich ſbould wenefite t {| 
bra ee potable to our commoditics of clothe, then thele Mpiceries to the Emperour, aud . 
hing of Portingall. 
But cis a generall opinion of all Cofmographers chat palling the ſeuenth clime,che ſea is all odiectien, 
It, and the tolde fo much chat none cau fulteric, And hitherto they had all the like opinion, that 
paper the line Equinoctiall ſoꝭ much heate che land was vnbabttable. 
pet (ince (bp experience is poued)no land fo much habitable nop moze temperate. And to ton · *™ were, 
clube, I ehinke the fame ſhoulde bee founde vnder the Month, il it mere experimented. Ton as all 
inge, Nihil fie vacuum in rerum natura: o J iubge there ia no (ande vnhabitab le. no; Mea iu · 99 tus ope 
nauigadle, If I Chould write the teaſon that pꝛeſeuteth this onto m · Gould be ta police and it n. 
lameth unt vequifice fo this meſent matter. God knoweth chat tor u gh by it J Moulde haut no A yopegeer 
gui intttſt, yet I baue had and Gill baue no litle nunde ol this buſineſſe: Mo that if J bad facul · extcourree dy 
dumme will ic (houlve be che Grit ching that A woulde wuverftanve, tuen tu attempt, i our Seas B Heine 
be Nauigable to the Pole, q no, I reafon, that as ſome ficknefles arc bereditaris anv op. Ele 


prs 2 — * > — * 


ang come From the father co che Conne,Co thin inclination 09 defice of this bifcoucric I inert Jem las 

tail my father, which with another marchant of Briftowe named Hugh Eliot, were the difcoues — 

rerset tie rwe found laudes al . . 
t 


mariners would then baue bene ruled, and folowed their Pilots Wich In. Indies were 
— peti ae golde conuneth) hav bene ours, To all is one coaſt, as by the Carve ap: wie allo mes 


Saihan Sabots 
Epi 


BapiuN mar 
be Ach erred che lltuation of the lande, faue onely in thele Nanda of l 8 
Mpicrrie : which,fop that (as afoze is ſaid. ) euery one ſetteth them after his minde. there can be no ö 
temürntiun howe they Ranve, I doe not denie, that there lacke many thing s, that a confinmmate ö ve 
Carve thould haue, op that a right good demonſiration defireth, Fo there ſbould be exyyeſſed all { |! 
the mountaineg and Riuers that are principal of name in the careh, with che names of Portes of 1 
the les. the names of all pꝛintipall cities, which all A migbt haue let, but not in this Carde, lo the 
{pace would not conſent. 


| 

r degrees of longitude that I ſet in che lower part of this card, ſhould haue bene fee N | 
eee chen tt betaine. eee a 
2 a | 


258 The voyages and diſcoueries Robert Thorne, 
ot oe ee Se e e e e het et 


Wonne haue made obſome u great hau — of 
sed by che ti 
and compat 

my good will, which is to doe any J map in pour ips leruice, Bue from a 
. Innowe pour L opvlbip will rather commatmd me wherpe fllente, then to be large, vin the 2 
pou (hall be wearied with the reading of this diſtvurſe. Telus pofper pour elate and beaks, 4. Gch 
Your Lordſhips grt 
Robert Thorne 1 $27, offic 
— 
ſpun 
5 
of that Court. Fm though there is nothing in it pretudiciall to the 
itveap bee aceute of paine te be maker: as wel fer chat none may make Cams 1 dum, fopas mit 
e ele in lege men to che | 
tothem, that a tranger ſboulde knowe ch diſcouer their fecrets : and houlde appeate wont ef l tion of all Lawes ¢ d 
if they vnderſtand that J write touching the hore wap to che ſpicerie by our Beas, Though pen Jraperiall of bis 
aduenturt of troth it is not to be looked to, as a that bp all opi is vnpodſble, 0 J — — 
chinke neuer will come to effect: and cherefore here nop el is it to bee(pohend, it@ail be acrompl 
Fo to muoue LENA — 42 — pom Tut ine tebed 
itten n . to dly J commis in 
Sale tensa as to my ſelſe. But if it pleaſe Gov that into Englande 3 may ram Seem, where 


jt oa 
owidtppe, J tll thewe ſome coniectures of reaſon, though againtt the cenerall 
N „ uch belt appeare wen cher J Mp not en lache Got lm 
And till that time J befeecbe pour L opolippe let it bee put to ſilente: and in the meane {ealeni 
may pleaſe God to fende our xwo Euglalhmen, that are gone to the Mpiceric , which mapalis 


apbic. Fo n 

Lopothip vnderſtande it better chen J, 07 any other that coulde haue made it: ane 

it ſbould appeare that I ſbewed Delphinum natare. But for chat I baue made it after my nu un 

ner. it is nectſſnie that J be p declarer op gloſer of mine one tworke, oy eis pour Lopelhiy bund 
Gane had much lahour to vnderſtande it. which notwe with it alfo tannat be extuſed, it isto 
ly done, But I kne we pou looked fo) no curious things of mer, and therelohe J truſt your 

Ap will accept this. and holde me fo) extuſed. In other mens lettets that they they crant 

that at this prefent they trite no lurgeri but J mutt diild. af hing pardon that at this p 

it F white ſo largely. Teſus preferue voii L opvthip with augmentation of vignities, 


Your feruant Robert 
Thorne,1 527, 


Epitaphium M. Roberti Thorni, fepulti in Ecclefia 


Templariorum L on INI. 


Bd Obereus iacethic Thorne, quem Briftolia quondam 
8 pPrætoris meritd legit ad officium, 
ANY Huic etenim femper magna Refpublica cure, 
mre Charior & eundtis patria diuitijs, 
Fetre inopi auxilium, triſtes componere lites, 
Dulee huic confilio quofque ie fuir. 
ui pius exaudis miſerorum vota precefque, 
hrifte huic cceli des regione locum. 


——— of the Engliſn nation. 


inſtructions and aduertifements of and for the di- 


the Captaine general, bith tine 
— and acconded in vnitie 


vned ( during the voyage) by ee Cape gear 


tine ts time 
With the aflent of the C ounfell — as well in ano — — ome 
Pilot ma- 


seme oer ee una te ara Captaine generall ſbatl 
in il counfatles and aſſemb lies haue a double voycr. 
6 — — — 
nine e weather may be done m per mitten. that the Captaines, Milots ¢ matters thal ſperdily 
come tbomd the Adnural. — often as be hall (eeme to ue it caufe to aſſemble them 
* — —— the affa llerte 

dem, that the marchanes.aup 


other 
2 Hautgation of euerp dav and nige with i 
den c lements a RUHEH¼ů he ite or tx nc raat tt = a 


— pꝛepared foꝑ the voyage, at 
aan 


compame. 
8 ee en a eR peer ee 
lurh like to be fearched, attempted, and enterpilen by good deliberation, and cummen 
determined apwifeniy, Sageh tan mene eigen es . — 


The voyages and difcoueries Auftrudtions of Calua 
rea Pech hrs pct inl ppt greet ede 


cooke of chetr alſdcintu, to tut and tenner to the 
caine aid ether bead et of a 2 


e 
age, o 
q renjooucd at the difcretion of 


—4 7 weber and one le g wen 
mine 1 ol the Caytatne and matters,¢ onder cher pe 
5 a ate lt ppc nora abe alba re et 
ifintfGion m vi t, i eto gine opder with fureties, 


deſtruction of the and mot dull math, and ſwonde of venseanre, 
— — ci ema ae pede pee 
ern ofthe Capeaine and un 


a 

dem, chat moyning and and evening paper, with ether common feruices appointed byte 
hinge Palle, PF 
in the Avmural and the marchant oz fome other perfon learned in other ſhiys, and the Bible in yo 
taphꝛaſes, to be read deuoutly and r grace to be obtained, 
and bab bp bumble and beartie mayer of the 
14 Item that euery officeris to be charged by 
and to render a perfect aetompt of the — of the fame 
diſpending of powder ſbot, and vle of al kunde of artillerie, w — . — 
ly co be pꝛeſerutd for the neceſlarie vefence of che flerte and voyage, together vuth due keeping of 
all inſtrumente of pour Nauigation, and other 
15 Fem uo liques to be pile on che balaſt non Alebines to be left wirbin bon derhe cooke tuo 
and all other places to be kept cleane lam the better health of the companie, the gromals ¢ pasts 
to be hougle vp acropbing to che lawvable onder and vie of the lea an wel in learning of Mauige 
tion, as in erercifing of that which to them appertaineth. 
16 Item che liucries in apparel giuen to che mariner be to be kept by the archar: a nn 
—— — when hee ſball fee caufe to mufter 07 ſhe we themin 
good ara v, for the aduancement and honour of the vopage, and the liueries to be redriurridto the 
Steen a milde thous bt cenurnient fo) euerp perſon to haue the ful dle 

of xa garment. 
17 Item when any Mariner o any other er haue neede of any neceflarte furnieurt 
ol apparel! for his ben. and ronſetuation of his health. the fame ſhall ber deliuerrd bim by the 
Marchand, at the aſſigmnent of the Captaine and Mader of that ſuppe, wherein fach nerd 
perſonne ſpall bee, at ſuch reaſonable price as the fame colt, without. any gaine * 


— A . — . — —————DTͤ— 
Aion t of Caleta Infrattions (lot ofthe Englith nation. 261 
bee iro D 


18, 1 4—.— fiche, diſenſed, ——— 


—— 
wage. 
the diſcrrten of 


— 
: (uch cates — 


ee eee. fle we we 
Saen eee to haue that which by t,o — 


416001011 


contingents 
rich sem Fallon fi 0 pearles, petiaus Math 0e other — 
otcallon ok ie J , 
Ir boug be, trucked, 


ible pe pie yr ye 

0 obtame?, fame is left : t of things oneertaine,no certaine rules ma 07 can be giuen. 
Was gracecobe rg py da neta arcane ba stet Hanh, 
—— +0 omega tt, ſerming to beare with fuch latues and rites,as che place bath, where 
with modet and you 

ed, but tem ez as mich as our people , are vnto them range and won⸗ 
eee N . e howe they map be vled, 22 
| „nnn en 
; es, an to as you map, ce of loꝛce, and no 
wtb seine eee a ee dae ten u 
gel in learning of auige⸗ 24, Jem the perfon lo taken, to be well entertained, vſed, and apparelled, to be ſet on Land, to 

Le to ay ee bun igo eee a ee en 

taken, map be peda ag oo beere 


bei, Atem our tae ce ht ce me ie 
c not tocredit wos of the Prange which be many times 

colt —.— be wawen into perilo e 
ſbewe not much to dellre 


4: 


WV 


¢& 
eee 
Hee 


4 1 


125 


57 
— 
a= 
2 
82 
ze = 
Oo, 
2 
as — 


ie 
ake 


0 
. 


“ae” 


‘The voyages and diſcoueries Jnfirsttions of 7 | 


wwonthy place > may be foundin {uch (azt,an pou map returne th victuals ſufficient 
27. Item Eye names af the people tevesp Ain, are to be taken inwpiting, with che 
Dee 5 — 


sa os 

29. eee nene nenen. 
r map be irongex chen thep, and be twatie of tooode, an am 
duſbes, and that pour weapons be not out of pour poſſeſſions. 

30. Item il pou thall fee them weare l. pons op Beares lines hauing lung botveg, md 
„57 
n cauſe. 

5 eee le chat tan Iwimme in the fea,hauens,¢ riuerg, naked, hauing botug 
and ſhatts caueti Maus por ips ic ey tel fn ol wae ce 
they will allalt de rus ofthe dont of men, which chep couct fop meate tif pou relitt chem, thy 
diue, and ſo will flee, and thereloze diligent watch is to be kept both day ¢ night, in fome Jani 

32. Item if occalion (hal ſerue that pou map give aduiertiſements of pour poceeding sin iy 
things as may coꝛreſpond to the erpectation of the company, and likelihood of ſucceſte in the voy 
age; palling ſuch bangers ofthe fens, perils of ice, intolerable coldes, and other impediments, 
a er eee eee eee ee fufpition in ſome heads, thet tig 

vopage could nat fucceede fo che exttenntie of the Noth pole, lacke of pallage x (uch like, which 
eee eee ee 
nencure of this voyage, but allo dillmaded others from the fame, che certaintie whereol when pu 
(halt haue tried by expetience ( moſt certaine Maſter of all wozldly knoluledge) chen 7 
tion ofthe rrueth which pou ſhall haue experted, you may by common allent of counſell, fender: * 
ther by land q dinerhaies ſuch two 0p one perſon to bring the fame by crevice as pou thal thinks 
may eee eee eee 
the Topage.in kmh of pallage,intotoarolines of beneficial tatike t rasa when 
che compauie being abuercifen of pour eftates and proceedings. may further prowide, ſcheſer, n 
determine ee een bendiciatl buche publite — one 
either pꝛouiding before hand fuch a ſhall be requifite fon the continuance ofthe bo 
on els epertoitece — Hl fernes in which bane pour wiſedomie s and 
ons are to be vſed, and ſhewed and the contents of this capitule, 1 1 to ris pou 
that pou be nat ignopant,bots many perfong,as welche kings Maielti eee is 810 
ble Counſell, chis whole companic.as alſo pour wiues, childzen, kinſfolkes, allies 
s e n tou Een pour e 
ong and welfare, and in what like lil vod pou be in to obtaine this notable enterpnite, which ishe 
ped no lelle to Amen baren te pie aud Occident Indias haue rache high benefit ofthe 
neee eee biects induſtries, and trauailes by ſea haue inriched 
them, by thofe land and Jllands, which were to all Colmographers, and other vniters boch bw 
knowne, and allo by apparances of realonvoide of experience and reputed bnbabitedle 
Loi pro! ina cy eee en 
1 cae ee factions, falle tale , which be the bery 

no conſpiraties, y 8 8, vntrue reports e 

ese h fruites ofcontention,pifeoyband confufion, by euil tongues to be ſulfred, but the ſume x 
e 
led and pꝛactiſed by degrees p top fclenc 

God, vnder whole mercifull hand Ke 


ig aia = go 
— — alt n 


aduantement of vou the trauelers therein, N ser eee ee 
. charges, m 


Eruftions of | Cabo, | 


ile, to dinner, d other parlianc 


yes, hauing long bowes, dd 
ore to feare ſtrangert chen fine 


ithdzaw themſelues from the ay 
the certaintie thereof, when pm 
lp knowledge) then for declars 
mon allent of counſell, fendecis * 


alert bs 
pai ee 


phere repogts, wobich be che bry 


andalivaies obedience tobe: 
. 


gues to be ſuffred, but the lumex 


KiGdwarastetters. of the Engliſn nation. 2263 


genen haue (0 Furntthen pou in geod fort, and plencie af all neceſcaries, asthe like was neuer 
inanp Reale ſerne, vſed, n knowen requifice and ncevefull, im ſuch an exploit, which is molt 
nelyto be atrhieued and bong te to goon effect, if cuery perfon in his vocatinn , (hall endeudux 

corning to his charge, and maß hounden dutie: paying the liuing Gov, to give yon 
FE band ſpall pꝛaſper pour bop: 
enen thereat, Sebaltian Cabsta, Gouremmre aimeta to coeleypeteut cpinances 
june ſtbicribed inp name and put mp ſeale. the day and yeere aboue witten. 


The names of the twelue Counſellors appointed in 
this voyage. 


Ct Hugh Willoughbie Ruight, Captaine General, 
Richard Chancelor Captaine of the Edward Bonauenture, and Ptlat generall of the 


George Burton Cape Marchant. 

Mater Richard Stafford Miniſter. 

Thomas Langlie Marchant. 

‘James Dalabere Gentleman, 

William Gefferfon Maſter of the Bona Speranza Admirall. 

Stephen Burrowgh (patter ofthe Edward Bonauenture. 
9 Cornelius Durfurth $Patter shee Conſidentia. 
10 Roger Wilſon. + 1 0 Pas ae 
11 John Buckland, 8 Maſters mates. 
12 Nichard Ingram. 


4 1 ‘ 
2 
fete, 


Exemplar Epiſtolæ ſeu literarum Mifsiuarum,quas illuftrifsi. 
mus Princeps Eduardus, eius nominis Sextus, Angliæ, Franciæ, &. Hi. 
bernie Rex, miſit ad Principes g eptenttionalem, ac Orientalem mundi plagam inha- 

; bicances iuxta mare glaciale, nec non Indiam Orientalem. Anno Domai 1553. Reg- 
i ui anno feptimo,& ultimo. ten 
“Ay Duardus ſextus, Anglia; Francię, & Hibemiæ Rex, &c. Omnibus Regibus 
& principibus ac dominis, & cunctis Iudicibus terræ, & Ducibus eius, qul- 
5 A eſt excellens aliqua dignitas in ea, cunctis in locis quæ ſunt ſub 

E ſrenierſo ccelo : Pax tranquillitas, & honor vobis, terris, & regionibus ve- 
N. SH Wis [tris que imperio veftro ſubiacent, cuique veftrum quemadmodum contié- 

vi ei. Proptereà quod indidit Deus Opt. Max. homĩnibus pre cunctis aliis 

= S—viuentibus,cor & deſideriumtale, vt appetat quiſque cum aliis ſocietatem 

hire mare, de viciffim amari, beneficijs afficere,8 mutua accipere beneficia ſtudeat, ideò eu- 
ique pro facultate fua hoc deſiderium in omnibus quidem hominibus beneficijs fouere tz con- 
{enuare conuenit, in illis autem maxime,qui hoc defiderio adducti,a remotis etiam regionibus 
adeos yeniunt. Quo enim longius itet eius rei gratia ingreſſi ſunt, eð ardentius in eis hoc defi- 
detium fuiſſe declararunt. Inſuper etiam ad hoc, hos patrum maiorimque noftrorum exem 
inuitant, qui ſemper humaniſſinè ſuſceperunt & benigniſſimè tractauerunt illos,qui tum A l- 
cis propinquis,tum à remoti eos fie adibant, eorum ſe protectioni commentlantes. Quod 
flomnibus id ptæſtare æcquum eft,certe mercatotibus imprimis præſtari debet, qui per vnitier- 
fim orem difcurrunt,mare circumiluſtrantes & aridam,vt res bonas & vtiles,que Dei benefi- 
do ln segione eorum inueniuntys,ad remotiffimasregiones & regna adferant, atque inde vi- 
Aan aan ſuæ regioni tile ibi reperctint : vt & populi ad quos eunt, non deftituan- 
u cmmodis que. nomprolert illis terra eotum, & ipſi ſint participes rerum quibus illiaban- 
dat Nam Deus cli & terræ, humano generi maximè conſulens, noluit vt innia in quap 
regione inuenirentur,qud.regio ope alteriusregionis indigeret. & pens ab alia gente commo- 
iquod expectaret, ac ĩta brenn amicitia inter omnes, fingulique omnibus beneſ- 
getequererent. Hoc itaque ineundeæ ac ſtabiliendæ amicitig defiderio mati viti quidam Wen 
dolle iter e . ry vt inter noſtros & illos populos, van 
metcibus inferendis & efferendis aperirent, nõſque rogauetunt vt id illis ccncederemus. Qui 
petitioni 


petiuoni illotum annuentes, conceffimus viro honorabili & forti, Hugoni Wihbeo, & ali 
qui cum eo ſunt ſetuis noftris fidis & charis,vt pro ſua voluntate,in regtones eis pril incon; 
tas eam. quaficuti ea quibus nos caremus,& adducantillis ex noftristerris , id quo illi cam 
Atque ita illis c nobis commodum inde aecedat, ſitque amicicia perpetua, & fordus indiffoly, 
dne inter illos & nos, dum permittent illi nos accipere de rebus, quibus ſuperabundant in 

nis fuis,8 nos concedemus illis ex regnis noftris res, quibus deſtituuntur. Rogamus itaque yu 
Reges & Priticipes,& omnes quibus aliqua eft poteſtas in terra, vt viris iſtis noftris, tranſim 
permittatis per regiones veſtras. Non enim tangent quic quam ex rebus veſtris inuitis yobis 
Cogitate quod homines & ipfi ſunt. Et fi qua re caruerint, oramus pro veſtra beneficentia tim 
vos illis tribuatis, ac cipientes viciffim ab eis, uod poterunt rependere vobis. Ita vos gerite ere 
ga eos, quemadmodum cuperetis vt nos, & ſubditi noſtri, nos gereremus erga ſeruos veltros,f 
quando tranſierint per regiones noſtras. Atque promittimus vobis per Deum omnium 
ccelo, terra & mari continentur, perque vitam noſtram, & tranquillitatem reguotum noſſio. 
nm nos pari benignitate ſeruos v accepturos, ſi ad regna noſtra aliquando yenenn, 
Atque a nobis & ſubditis noſtris, ac ſi nati fuiſſent in regnis noftris ita benigne tractabuntun 
rependamus vobis benignitatem, quam noftris exhibueritis, Poftquam vos Reges,Principes, 
Sc. rogauimus, vt humanitate & beneficentia omni profequamini ſeruos noftros nobis cha. 
ros, oramus omnipotentem Deum noſtrum, vt vobis diuturnam vitam largiatur, & Pacem qu 
nullam habeat fincm.Scriptum Londini, quæ ciuitas eſt primaria regni noſtri. Annos 515, 
A creato mundo, menſe Iiar, 14. die menſis, anno ſeptimo regni noſtri. f 


The copie of the letters mifsiue,which the right noble Prince 


Edward the fixtfent to the Kings Princes and other Potentates nha. 
biting the Northeatt partes of the world, toward the 5 Empire of Cathay, 
at ſuch time as Sir Hugh Willoughby knight, and Richard Chancelor,with 
heir companic,areempred their voyage thither in the yeere of 
ests © Chrift15'5 3. and the ſeuenth and laſt yeere of 
dite Seen bis zigne. 


Dward the ſter hy the grare of Gov, Ring of England, France, and Feel, 
et. To all Kings, Princes, Rulers, Judges, and Gouernours ol che cath, 
and all other having any extellent dignitie on the ſame, in all places onder the 
. vniuerſall beauen speare tranquillitie and honour, be vnto pont, and pour lam 
8 She gen ban Dunder pour Dominions, and to euery of pou, as is come 


Talnuch as che great und almigbeie God bath gtuen bnto mankuo,aboue all other ka 
creatures, ſuch a heart aud beſire that euerp man defireth to ioyne friendſhip wich other, to lar, 
and be louen,alfo tu gine and reteaue mutual benefites : it is therefore che duetie of all men, ac 


capding to their pa wer, to maintaine and increaſe this defire in euery man, with well neferuing 


) 


264 The voyages and diſcoueries K .€dwardsletion, 


SEEGEER ay 


Edwards letter, 5 


— — 
| » Hugoni Wilbeo, & alii 


in regions eis pritis ine 
tristerris , id quo illi caren, 
perpetua, & fœdus indiffoly. 
juibus . ing 
uuntur. Rogamus itaque vc 5 ete Ethep beue abundauce in their regi mp 

ro take of their things luch tubereofthep haue: gions, and we againe 
— ͤ meen chings of ours, whereof they are neftirute, Elle therefore veltre pou kings F prints 
s pro veſtra beneficentia d nd alocher to bome there ig anp power on the earth,to permit buco cheſe our ſeruante free 
Irin Ita vos one gallage bp yout r and dominions + fopthep Chall nottouch mp thing of pours butnttling 
reremus gains din pou, Conſidet pouthat tbey allo are men. Aktherefcde they hall and in neede of anpebing, 


l humanitie, and for the nobilitie which is in pou, to aide and helpe them with 
Each tante krieg againe of them ſuch things as they ſhall be able to giue pou 


obis per Deum omnium qu 
uillitatem reguotum noſtto- 
a noſtra aliquando venenmt. 
is ita benignè tractabunturn 
ftquam vos Reges,Princi 
ini feruos noftros 127 
vitam largiatur, & pacem q 
a regni noſtri. Anno 5 515, 
oſtri. j 


right noble Prince f 

other Potentates inka. rionotehe tortn,s st 5. inthe moneth of Jtar, the fouretcenth dax of the moneth, andfeuenth Aan wonm 

htie Empire of Cathay, ber ol dur taigne. Ladin 

8 This letter was written alſo in Greeke, and diuers other languages. Sino 
Aegpptia 

eere of hon 


’ n, 
he true copie of a note found written in one of the two fhips, 1 9 


a 122 8 , e e N ° them the mo⸗ 
France, and Fela, to nit, the Speranza, which wintred in Lappia where firFlughVVile fare 
eee e hb bi compente died, being frozen todeath.Anno ae at 


he ſame, in all places vnder the 
dur, be vnto pou and pout lam 
e nd to eucep of you a is me 


be voyage intended forthe diſcouerie of Cathay, and diuers other regions, 

Wy Dominions, Mands, and places vnhnowen, {et forth by che right wozſhipfull, 

My after Sebaſtian Cabota, Eſquire, and Gauernour of the myſterie and com: 

d panic ofthe Parchants Aduenturerg of the Citie of London: which ſleete bee 

ing furniſhed, did fet foorth the centh day of Map, 1553. and in the feuenth 
vpeere of our moſt dꝛead Doueraigne Loꝛd, and Ring, Edward the fixe, 


Tbe names of the fhippes of the fleete, and of their burden, together with the names ofthe 
Captaines, and Counſellors, Pilot Maior, Mafters of the fhippes, Marchants, with o- 
ther officers, and Marriners,as hereafter followeth. 

3 Bona Eſperanza, Admiral of the fleete,of 1 20. tunneg, hauing with her a pinnelle, and a 


St Hugh Willoughby, knight, Captaine General of the flecte, he fr hip, 
Wile Getta — — 
5 0 Wilſon, his Mate. 
William Gittons, Charles Barret, Gabtiel Willoughby, ohn Andre wes, Alexander Wood - 
foord,Ralfe Chatterton, Parchanta. : 
pe, snap int Mariners and officers,according to the cuftome, and vſe of che Seas, 
pat twin I wege Bader n. 
Nicholas Anthony, Boateſwaine „ ‘ 

be founde in or lohn VVeb, his Mate. 

8 ecke, Thomas Dauifon, Robert Roſſe, Thomas Simpfon, quurter pa- 


William VVhite,Iames Smith, Thomas Painter Iohn Smith, their ates. 
0 


Richard Gwinne, George Goiſwine, Carpenters 


Raben 


. .. 


„ 


Stem zur Butter, Iohn Browne, Willam Morren, 


Kaan aher cie, Thomas Browne, Arthur Pet, George Phibarie, Edward Patterfon, William Beare, lun 


Siscke ot her 


a eee ee f 
e his 0 


Allen, Edward 


266 The voyages and difcoueries S. Hugh Willa , ‘ ö 


Robert Gwinue, Purſer. 


Laurence Edwards hu Mate, aud Couper, 


Thomas N ate. i 

VVilliam Light, Iohn Brande. Cutbert Chelſie, George er Sette Walker, Thoms 
Sih, Edward Hunt, lohn Fawkner,RowlandBrooke, 5 
Alexander Gardiner, Richard Molton, two were taken in at Harwich, 
Diſthurger at Harwiche,bp reafon of Acknes,Gcorge Blake. Nicholas Anthony. 

Hor pickerie ducken at the pardes arme, and fo diſcharged Thomas Nafhe, 

The Edward Bonauenture, of 160, tunnes, with her a anya boate, 

Richard Chancelor, Captaine, am Pilot Maio; of the fleete. 

Stephen Burrowgh, Paſter ofthe ſhiyp. 

Iohn Buckland, his Mate. 5 

George Burton, Arthur Edwards, parchants, 

Iohn Stafford, iniſter. . 0 
Tames Dallaber, Nicholas Newb orrow, Iohn Segſwike, Thomas Francis John Half, N. 


bat 
‘ 


chard Johnfon,VVilliam Kempe. 


Mariners and officers,according to the ciiftome and vſe of the Seas, 


Robert Stanton, Malter Gunner, 


Iohn WValker, his Mate. 

Tames Longe, lohn Cocks, Gunners, 

Thomas VValter, Surgeon. 

Peter Palmer, Boateſwaine. 

Richard Strowde, his Mate. 5 
Iohn Robinſon, lohn Carowe, Thomas Stone, Robert Lifhbie,quarter Malters, 
Iohn Auſten, Steward: Patticke Steuens, his Matt. 

Auſten Iac ks, Cooke, N 

William Euery, Copper. 


Griffin W e 0 . 


on, Thamas Townes, Iohn Robinſon lohn White, William Laurence, Mis 


Thomas Sce 
William Watſon, Thomas Hamdcocks, EdwardPy 


—— Potter, Nicholas Lawrence, William Burrowgh, Roger Welford,lohn Willa 


1 8 
of the fete : you hall giue good xe, nb faithful 


ne ~ The Bona Confidentia,of 90, cunnes, hauing with her a pinnelle and a boat. 


Cornelius Durfoorth, after of the 
Richard Ingram, his Mate. 
Thomas Langlie, Edward KeuerHenrie Dorſet, Parthants. 
Mariners and officers, according to the vie and cuftomes of the Sea, 

ae ene 

orge Thur is Pate. 
Willism Hamane, Boateſwaine. 
Thomas bible Heme Dickesfon, John Haye, William Shepwelh muster 9p 

omas Kitbie, Henrie Dickenſon, lohn Haye, William Shepw afters, 
Iohn Reine, Steward. dis 4 * 4 
Thomas Hante, Coche. William Laſſie, his Mate. : 
Nicholas Knight, Carpenter. 


Peter Lewike, Nicholas Wigglewoith, Iohn Moore, William Chapman, Brian Chefe, 
Abr ae Barrie, Richard Wood! 


lement Gibſon, lohn Clarocke,Erafiaus Bently ohn Du 


rapacitie — — 

amano po Cg at ato he pan one nern b al 
fame,{o foosth vou may without er 9 

co etc fh 


] 


awe 2 eee oo oe le le li. wt—~—™S 


\SSSESeSrpeaerse e2n ees ite ee Za 


] 


5. Hugh W lowly, 


mruche 


lage, Thomas VValker, Tus Atembe sede meteruation op fafeconbuct ofthe Acer and hopage, and benefro che company, 


d Brooke, l 


wo here tatven in at kai pen hull not penmt nop utter che Rocke oz gor ds of the company to be atten, imbeseted; oz cone 
ke, Nicholas Anthony. 
Thomas Naſſie. 
nelle, and a boate, 
te. f 
89 The othe miniſtred to the Maiſter of 
the fhippe, Cc. 5 
' i Ou ſhall ſweare by the holy contents in that booke, that vou accopding, and to 
Thomas Francis Johny Haff, R the vttermoſt of pour knowledge, and good vnderſtanding in mariners {rience 
N N and craft, ſhall in pour vocation doe pour beſt to conduct the good ſhippe called 
e and vſe of the Seas. the N. cc. whereof you nom ate Maiſter vnder God, both ynto and from the 
5 poꝛtes of pour diſcouerie, and fo ble pour indeuour and faithfull diligence, in 
G charging, diſcharging, lading againe, and roomaging of the fame ſhippe, as 
map be molt fo the benefit and profit of this right wonthipfull fello wllippe: and pou (hall not pꝛi⸗ 
ſubie, quarter Mette, 
1 White, William Laurence, Mis 
Thomas Handcocks, Edward. 
d Patterfon, William Beare, loa 
ford, lohn Williams, 
pinned enn a bone. 
cuftomes of the Ses. tingehehings aiettie then being there, Mooting offour owtnance, ¢ fo baled onto lachewall, 
andehete remained vntill the 17 dap, and that dap in the moming we went from Blacke wall, and 
eme to Mool wich by nine of the clocke, aud there temained one tide, and fo the fame night vnto 
Shepwath,quarter h Che 18 day from Heprerh vnto Oraueſend, and there remained vntill che twentith dap s chat 


en Grauclend vnto Tilberie Pope, remaining there vntill the tuo and 
twentith day. dss ‘ 19 
Che 22 day from Tylberie Pope to Hollie hauen. E 
Che 23 day from hollie hauen, till we came againſt Lee; ann there kemained that night, bp 
feafon that the winde was contrary to vs. ae 


illiam Chapman, Brian Chefe, 


0 ke. Era 1 nt s Bently,lohnDu = Che 24 dap the winde being in the Dourhweſt in the moining, we failed along the cvalt ouer 
bestell the Spits, oncill we came againſt S. Olyth, about ſxe of che clocke at night, and there came to 
to the Captaine. —ů hort ls 


the Ruft and there above that nin br tor winde ano tide. 

Ne 26 day at fue ok the clocke in themoming, we weyed our anker, and lalled ouer the Wale, 
gewinde being at the Sourhwerk vntill we tame to Harwell wandz and there came to an auker, 
Mbilode chrrebntüll the 28 bx. L e ttt 
eee eee eee eee 
hit ; an 


sain pucies,ehantant ez day about ten ofthe clocke, we bepanten from x Olxeh, atv Go luleo found nea 
daieſtie. his 


t 
isl 
1 


268 The voyages and diſcoueries S. Hugh H slonghba | 


„„„„*F**FV———.. — — TEL STI ̃§» ECR 


In tdis land 
Dwele Derher, 
asitleemety, 


Molt Iſlands. 


andfatled till we came athwart Wiallurfpe,and there came to an anker. 

The 29 vapfromebenceto Polmehead, where we ſtayedthat dap, where we tonſulted 
wap, and that tourſes were belt to be holden fo the dilcouerte of our vopage, and therea 

The zo dayot May at fine of the clocke in the moꝛning we ſet faile, and came againg De 
mouth about tinee leagues into the ſea xiding there at anker all that night. 

N . — ee the fea xe leagues Noꝛthealt, and there taryed that night, where the un 
very (ope, 

Che fut ol June the winde being at Moꝛth contrary to vs, we came backe againe ty 
well, and remained there vntill the 1 5 day, taping fog the winde, fop all this timethe winde nag 
Contrarpto our purpoſe. i ; 

The 15 day being at Pare well in the latitude of 52 degrees in the mopning we wayed ur m 
kers, and went foorth into the wands about two miles from the to wne, and lay there that night. 

The 16 day at eight of the clocke we fet forward, and ſailed vntill we came athwart Alb, 
rough and there ſtaped that night. N 

Che 17 day about ſiue of the clocke befoze noone we went backe vnto Oꝛzfozdneſſe, and there 
mained vitill the 19 day. 

The 19 day at eight ol the clocke in the moꝛning we went backe to ate well, and abode then 
three dayes tarping fo2 the winde. 

The 23 day of June the winde being faire in the Southweſt we hailed into the ſeas to O und 
nelle, and from thence into the ſeas ten leagues Moꝛtheaſt: then being paſt the ſands, we changer 
our courte fire leagues Moꝛthnoꝛtheaſt: about midnight we changed our courte againe, and wen 
due Moreh continuing in the fame vnto the 27 dap. 5 

The 27 day about ſtuen cf the clocke Nozthnoꝛthweſt 42 leagues , to the end to fall wit 
Shotland s chen the winde veared to the Wretk, ſo that we could lie but Noꝛch and by ett; con 
tinting in the fame courſe 40 leagues, whereby we could not fetch Shotland: then we fail 
Pith 16 leagues by eſtimation, after that Moreh and by CMeſt, and Mozthnoreh wes, chen Sau 
eaſe, wich Diners other courfes, trauerſing and tracing the leas, by reaſon of ſundzie and manifohe 
tontrary windes, vntill the 14 day ot July: and then the fue entring into Leo, we diſtouemd 
land Eaſtward ol vs, outa the which we lailed that night as much as we might: and after ue 
went ou ſhoꝛe with aur pinnelle, and found little houſes to the number of ; 0, where we knew the 
it was inhabited, but the people were fled away, as we iudged, for feare of vs. : 

The land was all full of little Hands, and that innumerable, which were called (as tue len 
nen aſterwards) Aegeland and Palgeland, which lieth from Foꝛthnelle Nozthand by eat hing 
in the latitude of 66 degrees. The diſtante betweene Dzthlozthneſſe and Aegeland 250 leagues, 
Then we lailed from thence 12 leagues Morehwetk, and found many other Iflandes, and theme 


tame to an anker the 19 day, and manned our piumeſſe, and went on (hore to the Iſlands, aud found. 


people mowing and making or hay, which came coche ſhoze and welcomed vs. In which plare 
were an inmnnerable ſozt ot Iſlands, which were talled the FA's of Roſt, being vnder the domin⸗ 
on of the king of Denmarke: which place was in latitude 6 degrees. and zo minuts. The bine 
being contrary, we remained there thꝛee dayes, and there was an innumerable fort of wlesokdd 
uers Rindes ol which we tooke very many. 5 1 8 : 

The 22 day the winde comming faire, we departed from Rok, failing Moꝛthnoztheaſt, ken 
ping the fea vntillthe 27 dav, and then we dꝛewneere vnto the land, which was Mill Eaſt ok bs: 
chen went fooꝛth our pumeſſe to lecke harboꝛo w, and found many good harbours, ofthe which we 
entred into one with our (hippes, which was called Stanfew, and the land being Illandes, wert 
called Lewfoot, oꝛ Lofoot, which were plentifully inhabited, and very gentle people, being alt 
vnder the king ol Denmarke : but we could not learne how farre it was from the maine lands and 
we remained there vntill the 30 dap, being in latitude 68 degrees, ¢ fromthe fore (aid Rok about 
30 leagues Monthnoꝛthealt. ö * 

Che 5.0 davo July about noone we weyed our atckers, and went into the Seas, and Captor 
long theſe Ill andes Nozthnoꝛtheaſt, Keeping the land Mill in ſight vntill the ſrcond day of 90 
guſt: then haling in clofe abooꝛdthe land, to the intent to knowe what lande it was, there came a 


ttkiffeok the Inland abooꝛd of vs, of wdom we alken many quettions, twho ſhe bed vnto vs, that the 


Illand was called Seynam, which is the latitude of ſeuentie degrees, and from Stanke within 
leagues; being alſo under the kingof Denmark, andthat there was no nierchandize there. but 
onely yed filh, aud traine ayle : Sheu we being purpoledto goe vnto Finmarke inquired olbin 
if we might haue a pilot to bꝛing vs bute Finmarke, ¢ he laid, that if we tould beate in we thous 


hauda good harbour, and on the next day a pilot to bung v to Finmarke; ee, 


=) 


HughWlloughha, J Bagh Wllougbbie. of the Englith nation. 269 


bp bro na 
dur Dopage,and there a 
8 and came agi Dey Wöstü the 
| n t. ˖ 
ped that nigbt, where the hun td ee within fight, and then about midnight we lot our pinneſſe, which 
Wb ae teihe pei pnts ba, Affoone as it was day, and the fogye oucrpatt, we looked about, and 
. to pes uud e delayed one of our (hippest Leewerdolvs: then we ſpded an bullocke ol our foxes 
? the winde tnag 2 hare tome with her, which was the Confivence, but the Edward we could not lee, & 1 
8 thernosuin 15 edo tan omerbing abating, we and the Confivence hoyſed vp our failes the fourth day ſap⸗ iooterp rde 
wne, and lay — ing angen and ne en 5 bee crc I . nine b 
moa rt company. Thus 8 and bp. and Rorcheatt Gfete 
ntill we came athwurt Ah Waren 15 ty be 1 Side thereby we od amg from ert ire 
kagues land lay not as made mention. Tiberefore ged our coutſet 
e vnto Oꝛfoꝛdnelle, and there Rape Southeaſt and by South eight and ſoztie leagues, thinking thereby to linde 
ke to arewell, and abode thr, th day much nimm ring ace he 1 3 tee Leere ets the coatt lap, 
} so our failed, and lay adzift, where we ſounde und 160 fadoms as afore, 
enten chan att bap, the winde bearing to the South Doutiwak, we ſailed Moptheatk 25 leagues, 


day we ſounded and could get no ground ne it her pet could fee any land, whereat we 
1210 — the winde comming at the Mofthealt, we ranne Dourheak about 48 leagues, 
The 11 day the winde being at South, we ſounded. and found 40 fadoms and faire ano, 
ig ra ta, the winde being at South and by Calf, we lay wth our {alle Cat, and Caſt and 
zoleagues⸗ N fon og 
Cle 14 dap carely in the rmmgning, we veſcryed land, which land we bare with all, hoitirigy out 
am bott to diltouer what land it might be : but the boat could not come to land the tater was fo 


ed vur courſe againe, and nat 


eagues to the end to fill tut 
e but Noꝛth and by Tek; con 
etch Shotland: then we lain 
d Norhnonthwelt chen Sout 
reaſon of ſundzie and manifoe 
utring into Leo, we diſtouem 
uch as we migbt: and after ne 
nber of ; 0, where we knewthe 
feareofys. 

which were called (as we lm 
thetic Nozthand by eat hing 
elle and Aegeland 250 leagues, 
nanp other Illandes, and cher 
1 (Hore to the Jſlands, aud fund 
welcamed vs. In wlich pla 
if Noſt, being onder the domi 
ces, and 30 minuts. The wine 
unumerable fort of lowlegof th 


lk, failing Wopthnortheatt, k 
ND, which was Mill Eattofes: 
good harbours, ofthe which we 
the land being Iſlandes, wert 
very gentle people, being alt 
t was from the maine land: n 
e kfromthe fozeſaid Rok about 


ent into the Seas, and ſaplo 
ht vntill the ſecond day of 90 
hat lande it was, there camea 
8, who ſhewed vnto vs, that the 
tes; and from Stanfew thin 
was no nierchandipe there. bat 
neo Finmarke inquired olhin 
t ik we could beare in, we (howls 
marke, W 


coat rd. A 
Che ſourth day of September we loſt light of land, by reaſdn of contraty windes and the eight September. 
bay be deſcried land againe. Mithin two after we Loft the ſigheoltt sehen tunning Cert 
adby Mouth about 30 Leagues, we gat the fight ol land againe, and bare in id it vntill night: 
then perreiuing it to be a ler ſoare. we gat va into the fea, to the endto haue fea tome, 
Che 12 of September we Hailed to ſhoareward againe, hauing then indifferent winde and 
tweather : then being neere vnto the ſhoare, and the tide almolt ſpent, we ranne to an anker in 30 
lam watet 


Terz tap wech impthecnatk hic lay anthturt F by elle. x Sourbeatt ¢ by Caf. 
Che 14 dap we came to an anker mene ofthe the ſhoare, hauing 6o aoe 
} c 2 2 


— 


— — 


— de — — 


270 The voyages and diſcoueries Rechard (banceley, 


rocky and bigb⸗ but as fo; people could we (ee none. Che 15 day we rannte ſtill along tze * 

till 27 . winde contrarp vnto va, we thou —— 

bop which we had found befoze, and lo we bare roomer with che fame,botubeit we could nog are, 

Zuther bauen plich our delice rbat ce 8 rn ton . 
ipep dud. there came to an anker at 6fadome, Chis hauen runnet mam, leagues, m 
ts in herth halle a league, wherein wert very may ſeale fithes, and other laben and dye 

10s, Elend. maine we law beates, great deere, foren wich diuerm range beatks, ag] guloines, ind far cg 
which were to vs vnkeno mne, and aiſo wonderfull, Chus remaining in this bauen the fame 
weeke, ſeeing the peere larre ſpent, and allo very euill wether, as now, and halle, as thcught 

bad beene the derpe ol winter. we thought belt to winter there. Tibercfore we lent out riper mg 
Douthlouthwel, to learch ik they could finde people, who went thee dayes tourney, bur aud 

tre endet finde none: alter that, we ſent other three LUeſtward koure daxes iourney, which alſo returner 
Br Bush outfinding anp people. Thenlent we thee men SDoucheatk thee dayes iournen who in ide fy 
Beamer returned without finding of people, op any ſimilitude of habitation. 

ut 


was wii 
a st Thefe two notes following, were written vpon the outſide of this 
Pamphlet, or Booke. 
1 The proceedings of Dir Hugh WMilloughbie after he was ſeparated from the 
Edward Bouauenture. 
2 Our ſhippe being at an anker in the harbour called Sterfier in the Alu 


Lofoote. 


The riuero hauen wherein Sic Hugh WiMotghbie with the cumpanie of his two inner 
riſhed fo colde, is called Arzina in Lapland, nere vnto Rego. 


The Teſtimonie of M. Richard Eden in his Decades, 
concerning this Booke. 


rn wberras (Caith be) Abaue before made mention hot Potcouie twas in out tine 
ANC vitcoucted, by Richard Chanceler in his bopage toward Cathay, by the direction m 
HAA {nrfounation of p. Bebaſtian Cabota, tho long before had this {ecret in his mindes 4 
dali not ner here to deſtribe that vopage, fopalinuch as che fame is largely and faith 
fully witten in the Latrine tongue, by chat learned young man Clement Avams,{choolemaitierts 
the Queenes henſhmen, as he receiued it at the mouth ofthe laid Richard Chanteler. 1 


1 e e 0 0 * debi 

Noua Anglorum, ad Moſcouitas nauigatio Hugone Willowbeio 155 

Equite clafsis præfecto, &: Richardo Cancelero Nauarcho. fpe 

Authore Clemente Adamo, Anglo. 905 

Synch on ONS. Oſtquam merces noſtras apud finitimas gentes fordere neg otiatores noftri anie 8 


maduerterunt, quzq; auorum noftrorum memoria certatim a peregrinis met: 


nauigatio,& qui · 7 . : : 8 : , Br 
toribus expeterentur, imminuto iam precio, etiam exportatæ faſtidioſum repes 


bus authoribus S 


pela pra rirent emptorem, exoticarum verdmercium precia in immenſum extenderen N ne 
vicarum tur, Londinenſes quidam viri graues ac reipub. fuz imprimis amantes hanc co- Ile 
gitationem ſuſceperunt, quò huic malo mederentur. Nec quærentibus (vt videbatur) reme- obi 

dium defuit, quo tantum incommodum declinarent. Nam cum Hiſpanorum ac Luſitanomm rea 

opes (inuentis nupernouis terris) magnoperé auctas viderent, eandem viam fibi infiftendam cor 

Schallam kati, nouam nauigationem inftituunt . Cum eodem tempore Sebaftianus Cabota vir celebet- 
Cabota. rimus in vrbe moraretur, coepére primo cum illo agere, ac ſeriò conſultare, ac re demum inter illu 
pluresiactata,tandem conuenit tres naues expedire,quibus aquilonaris mundi tractus dil hat 

ter perluſtratus, noſtris etiam dar mrad ad ignota regna viam patefaceret. Ad hanc remtam cer 

arduam & difficilem, cum multa forent difpicienda,primum veluti in ſenatum quendam vitos tu 

graues, ac prudentiæ ſpectatæ legunt, qui collatis confilijs ſententias ſuas exponerent, &in ter 

omnem euentum ſalubriter profpicerent. Lectus hic ſenatulus cenſuit in rem fore quandam pre 

pecunia ſummam publicè cogi, qua tot naues inſtruerentur. Et ne quifquam priuatim ref 

pecunia premeretur,placuit vicenas quinas libras viritim colligi : (tantum enim impendebst pu 
oe qui in hoc quaſi nouum collegium voluit aſciſci.) Coacta itaq́; ad ſex millia librarum fumma fot 

ve oes 


ber we entred 2 bm 
e mau, abcut to leagues, ny 


| nom, and halle, as 

ta a a 
ne thee dapes ourney, bur am 
burney which alfo returned iy 
Ce Daves iouurnex tubo in Like ep 
n. 


the outſide of this 


pe was ſeparated from the 
d Sterller in the Jud 


in his Decades, 


banchesfenter him; 
mat dez ben 

21 m choolemailier 4 
icnard Chanteler. 7 a 


Hugone Willowbeio 


lero Nauarcho. 
O0. 


ordere negotiatores noſtti u- 
ia certatim a peregrinis met: 
exportatæ faſtidioſum repe. 
cia in immenſum extenderen 
t imprimis amantes hanc co- 
rentibus (vt videbatur) reme· 
Hifpanorum ac Luftanorun 
eandem viam fibi infiftendam 
baftianus Cabota vir celeber. 
confultare, ac re demum inter 
onaris mundi tractus dili 
patefaceret. Ad hanc rem tam 
uti in ſenatum quendam vito 
tentias ſuas exponerent, & in 
5 cenfuit in rem fore quandam 


tne quifquam priuatim 

i: (tantum en cae 
ad {ex millia librarum fumma 
tres 


am 


Richard Chanceler. otthe Engliſn nation. 271 


haves mercantur, quarum maximam partem de integro adificandam, ac reficiendam cu- 
ant. Qua quidem inre, mercatorumne cura, an fabrorum diligentia, maiori me afficiat ad- 
miratione, penitus eſt incertum. Illi enim aſſamenta firmiffima pulchreq́; ficcata ad nauium 
fabricam comparant: hi indefeſſo labore, ac arte ſumma, eadem inter fe committunt,timis ſtu- 
ob(tructis,ac carinis picatis, vnius etiam imam partem inuento peracri, & ingenioſo muni- 
yerunt. Acceperant enim in quibuſdam Oceani partibus teredines generari, que vel eraſſiſſi- 


mactiamnum robora perforarent Quo magis a hoc periculo nauigantes forent fecuri,par- Teredines que 
temnauis vndis depreſſam, tenuibus plumb laminis obducunt. Poſt fabricatas naues, ac arma- e Petlorant. 


mentis inſtructas, cepit illos non minor viatici follicitudo : quod pro temporis ratione, & na- 
uigationis longinquitate fuerat proſpiciendum 1 Ad hæc, cum proſſ ricerent Orientalem orbis 
eſſe petendam, nec illue peruium mare, niſi Borealem mundi tractũ naueleti tenerent, 

ybian pateret aditus iam tum in incerto erat: octodeeim menſium commeatu naues inſtruunt, 
quidem hoc confilio faciunt: cum noſtris per illam immenfi, & horrendi frigoris oram 
e enger in rem conſulentes, ſex menfium cibaria præbent, quo illue naui- 
totidem menſium, quo ibi moram facere hiberno cœlo reditum negante: rurſum tantun- 
a quo remeare oſſint, aſſignant. Poſt repoſitam (vt diximus) penũ, poſt arma omnis gene- 
risin naues congeſta, Duces ac quaſi anteſignani tanta rei deerant: cui etſi multi {ele offerrent 


iini rerum ancipitum ignari, tainen Hugo Willowbeius vir imprimis ſtrenuus, ac non obſcuro Hugo Willow. 


loco natus, hanc curam fibi delegari impenfius poſtulat, cuius facile pre cæteris, cum ob cor- ee 


porisformam erat enim procera ftaturz ) tum ob ſingularem in re bellica induftriam a mer- 
catorum collegio habetur ratio. Conftituitur ergo Nauarchus, aſſignaturq; illi nauis prætoria, 
fic vt in coeteras quoq; imperium haberet. Cum de reliquarum præfectis conſultaretur, ac 


huic muneri multi offerentur, omnium conſenſu vicit Richardus Cancelerus, vir ob multa in- Richardus 


enij documenta ſpectabilis, in quo vno ſumma conficiendi negotij ſpes erat. Hunc aluerat = 
enticus Sydneius, adoleſcens nobilis, Regiq́; Edouardo apprimè charus, qui mercatorum 
collegium adiens, pro fingulari ſua facundia coràm in hane ſententiam verba fecit. 


Vehementer pium in ſtitutum veftrum amplector (viri honeſtiſſimi) qui pro egregia veſtra ontio p. len · 
erga patriam pietate in rem, & Anglis (vt ſpero) vtilem, ac patriæ honorificam, animo & co- "5144: 


itatione incumbitis. Quem quidem conatum veſtrum, nos quod; pro viribus adiuuare pa- 
yamur:Nec quicquam nobis tam charum ducimus, quod non libenter huius tam laudabilis 
propofiti nomine expenderimus. Imprimiſque mihi gratulor, me illud ingenium fouiſſe, 
quod vobis tam præclara molientibus, aliquo modo vſui eſſe poſſit. Nihilominus tamen, vos 
huius rei neſcios eſſe nolim: me Cancelerum eo animo a me dimittere, non quod faſtidiam, 
vel quod mihi grauis alumnus eſſe videatur, fed vt promptam in adiuuando veſtro conſilio 
voluntatem meam pariter intelligeretis, atq; Cancelero meo commendatione mea a vobis 
debita tribueretur authoritas. Vos illum fama, ego illum experientia, vos verbis, ego rebus, 
vos ſermone & congreſſu, ego quotidiano conuictu hominis ingenium penitus habeo per- 
ſpectum, & exploratum: Nec latere vos debet, (honeſtiſſimi patres) quanta difcrimina, & 
veltro, & patriæ nomine, aditurus eſt. Cuius (fi propicia numina orolici(venvern ſeruent) nos 
non immemores eſſe decebit. Nos pecuniolam fortune alee credimus, ille dulciſſimam vi- 
um feuiffimo mari, & incertis periculoium caſibus exponet. Nos cum notis, amicis, ac 
cognatis ſuauem, ac placidam vitam tranſigemus, ille dum ignotos, & indomitos nautas in 
officio continere ftudebit, quantis laboribus frangetur ? quot curis, vigilijfq, angetur? quas 


moleſtias deuorare cogetur? Nos patrias fedes tenebimus, ille extera & ignotaregna petet: 


IleBarbaris & feris gentibus ſalutem committet, ille etiam monſtrificis ponti belluis caput 
obiectabit. Quapropter pro periculorum magnitudine, pro officij fui dignitate, veſtro fauo- 
reabeuntem profequi, & ( ſi ſors ferat) vt conſpiciamus reducem, liberaliter quoq́ʒ munerari 
conueniet. 

Poftquam hac, aut non Jonge alia, multo diſertiſſimè egregius adoleſcens peroraſſet, alius 
illum contemplari, alius a proximo ſciſcitari, alius (cui nota viri virtus) tacite gaudere, ac arca- 
nam ſpem concipere,illum olim in magnum virũ euafurum, atq; pose inchoatas has adoleſ- 
centis virtutes magnoperè olim patriam ornaturas. Conticeſcentibus omnibus, grauiſſimis pa- 
trumyifum eſt, de orientali orbis tractu quoad eius fieri poteſt ſciſcitari, inueſtigare, ac diligen- 
ter perquirere: accerfebantur hoc nomine Tartari duo, qui regi erant ab Equili: aderat inter- 
pres, ill per interpretem ſuper patria, ſuper gente, ſuper patrio more interrogati, nihil penitus 
refponderunt, Quippe qui( vt ſalſe quidam palam dixit jpoculis exhauriendis potius, quã po- 
bald moribus diſcendis magis erant aſſueti. Poſt multa vltrò citrog; iactata, tandẽ cenſent, 
oluendi tempus conſtitui, ꝙ multum anni iam conſumptũ vifum eft pleriſq́;, & fi prolixiorem 

Cc 3 moram 


ge ee Cn ne 
272 The voyages and diſcoueries Richard Chanceley, 


moram imterponetent, fore vt glacies viam obitrueret. Placuit iiaqͥ; omnibus, vt ad vi 
mum diem Maij prafecti, — naues conſcendetent: ac ex portu Radlifend,fecundeohe 
ſoluerent. Illi {alutatis neceſſarijs, alius coniuge:& natis, als 3 & affinibus, alius 3. 
mico coynatis chariore, ad dictum diem adfuns : folutis iam ac teciprocante g 
leni curfu Grenouicum feruntur, remigibus interim grandiores naues celocibus, feu fpeculs. 
torijs nauiculis remultantibus. Hi nouo veſtitu coloris Veneti — — Ornati, incumbune 
remis atq́; equora verrunt. Culm nunc proximé Grenouicenfem Regiam effent, fab adue. 
nientium fainam, effundunt fefe aulici, concurrit vulgus, ftabat frequens in ripa, Profpedtae 
ex feneftris Senatus Regius; alij turtium faſſigia aſcendunt, vibrantur bombardarum — 
na, Tartatiæ voluuntur nubes, Mastem fonant crepitacula, reboant fumma montium jy 
reboant valles, reboant vndæ, claraque Nautarum percellit ſydera clamor, ftat alius in Puppi, 
ac geſtu quo poteftamicis valedicit, alij in foris obanibulant, hic cancellatis funibus pendet 
ile antennis libratur, alius è ſummo malo proſpectat, in ſumma, cuiuſdam criumphalis 
pr feſta facies fuit. At (heu dolor) optimus Rex Eduardus, cuius ern a nomine hie tan. 
tus apparatus, per valetudinem ſolus aberat: quorum diſceſſum triſtiſlima illius mors (4¢ 
nunquam ficcis oculis mihi memoranda) t paucos dies ſubſecuta eft. Volouicum tandem 
delati figunt naues : inde ſoluturi, cum aut Mus reciprocatio, aut ſecundior flatus ad nauioan, 
dun inuitaret: nec mora Harouicenſem portum petunt, in quo non fine maximo tædio a 
ſummo temporis detrimento diu morantur. Ad poſtremum tamen nacti idoneam ad m- 
gandum tempeſtatem, paſſis velis in altum feruntur, ſalutato prils natali ſolo, quod an mu- 
quam poſtea forent reuifuri, penitus ignorabant. Reſpiciunt fubinde triſtes, nec lachrymis 
temperant nonnulli, cogitantes in quam dubios cafus erant ituri, & quam ancipitem cuen. 
tum maris erant expetituri : Torquebat preter cæteros Richardum Cancelerum præſechm 
Edouardi Boniuenturi penuria metus, nam & pars viatici in portu Harouicenfi putrida com. 
perta eſt, viniq́; cadi infirmi ac fragiles. Mouit etiam illum paternus amor: reliquit enim abi. 
ens duos filios paruulos orphanos futuros, ſi aſperior aliquis caſus ipſum ſuſtuliſſet: mouitil. 
lum miferorum & infcelicium comitũ fortuna, quorum ſalutem cum ſua coniunctam eſſe {ci. 
ebat: dum multiplici curarum ambage Canceleri animus excruciatur, tandem poſt multo. 
rum dierum velificationem, tellus procul vifa, ad quam Naucleri naues dirigunt: Infulam effe 
comperiuns Roſſam: in hac confumptis ray diebus, vlterius nauigant feptentrionem pe. 
tentes, rurſum ali apparent infulz : nomen his Crux inſularum: poſt has cum aliquandiun. 
ues vna velificaſſent, ptæfectus nauum Willoubeius, vir in eonſilijs minimè præceps, ereſdo 
vexillo,reliquarum nauium primates euocat, vt his conſiliorum adiutoribus, & ſolicitudinum 
focijs vſus, de reliqua adminiſtratione facilids ſtatueret. Illi ex compoſito adſunt, ac inter cz. 
tera conuenit, ſi qua grauior tempeſtas ingrueret, ac clafficulam diſijc pet, omnes Vardhoufii 
Norduuegiæ portum non incelebrem curſu peterent, quiq́; primi incolumes illuc appuliſſent, 
dum reliquę naues ed conuenirent, in anchotis expectatent. Eodem die iam in pomeridianum 
tempus e circiter quartam, tanta tempeftas ſubitò coorta eſt, &c immenſi fluctus tanta 
vi ſe incitauerunt, vt naues inſtitutum curſum tenere non poſſent, fed aliæ alid,magno fui cum 
periculo vagè diſijcerentur. Inclamat Nauarchus voce qua poteſt maxima See 
rogat ne longids abſcedat: at ille, nec velle, nec fi maximè vellet, poſſe, modò ille Nauarchidis 
ſuæ curſum, erat enim velocior fuo, temperaret. Verùm neſcio quo caſu Willobæi nauis dum 
plenis velis fertur, tanta vi abrepta eft,vt e eee ſpacio ¢ conſpectu penitus euolaue 
rit. Tertia etiam pari euentu ablata comites dmifit.Pretoriz certè celox in puppim illiſa con- 
ſpicientibus ex ipfa Edouardo nautis, fluctibus eft obruta. Reliqui, fati comitũ fuorum),qui ine 
columes nuper redierunt, penitus ſunt ignari. Quod fi acerbior caſus infcelices premit, fipe- 
lagi feuitia innoxios abſorbuit, aut fi in aliena terra indigi oberrent, digni certè meliore forte 
viri, quibuſq́; fi viuant,in patriam reditum;fin crudelior mortis fortuna infontes rapuit, mollem 
tumulum precemur. Richardus Cancelerus folus cum comitibus relictus, ac incerto reliquori 
caſu mæſtus, ad deftinatum portũ contendit, fociorum aduentum (fi ſalui effent) ibi expecta. 
turus. Hic feptem dierum mora interpoſita, eum fe fruftra expectatione torqueri videret, ra- 
uigationem ſubire in animo habebat. Cum itaq́; omnino certum illi effet, nauem ex ponue - 
ducere, fortè cum Scotis quibufdam in congreſſum colloquiumq́; venit . Qui cum illiusani- 
mum exploratum haberent, & eius rationibus optimè conſultum cupientes,vehementer illum 
ab inſtituto conſilio deterrere conantur, ac pericula in maius extollẽtes, eius conſtantiam labe- 
factare nituntur. At Cancelerus mobilitate ac leuitate ingenij nihil turpius exiſtimans, & per- 
ſuaſiſſimum habens fortem virũ maius in fe dedecus admittere non wane am fimetu fracuus 
&& debilitatus, periculorũ caſus refugeret, Scotorum oratione nihil deterritus, in propoſito ful 


ceptog; 


Richard Chanceley, 


— $$ —_____ 
titaq, omnibus, vt ad vi 
ortu Radlifent,fecundechy 
a & affinibus, alina. 
ac teciprocante g 
naues celocibus, ſeu ſpeculz. 
eleganter ornati, incumbum 
25 egiam eſſent, ſub ache. 
t frequens in ri roſſ 
1 rd id i * 
oant ſumma montium 
ra clamor, ſtat alius in Puppi, 
ic cancellatis funibus pender 
, cuiuſdam triumphalis pom, 
ius præcipuè nomine hic tan. 
um triſtiſlima illius mors (ic 
euta eſt. Volouicum tandem 
t ſecundior flatus ad Nauigan. 
o non fine maximotadio a 
men nacti idoneam ad maul. 
pris natali ſolo, quod an in-. 
ubinde triſtes, nec lachrymis 
ari, & quam ancipitem cuen. 
dum Cancelerum præfechm 
nu Harouicenſi putrida com. 
rus amor: reliquit enim abi. 
us ipſum ſuſtuliſſet: mouitil. 
cum ſua coniunctam eſſe {tie 
uciatur, tandem poſt multo. 
i naues dirigunt: Infulameffe 
s nauigant {eptentrionem pe. 
. as cum aliquandiuns. 
ilijs minimè præceps, ereſto 
adiutoribus, & ſolicitudinum 
ompofito adſunt, ac inter cx. 
diſijccret, omnes Vardhouſiũ 
1 incolumes illuc appuliflenr, 
em dic iam in pomeridianum 
ta eft, & immenſi fluctus tanta 
fed aliæ aliò, magno fui cum 
t maxima Cancelerurn cei 
poffe,mod6 ille Nauarchidis 
uo caſu Willobæi nauis dum 
e conſpectu penitus euolaue- 
& celox in puppim illiſa con- 
ui, fati comitũ —— ins 
caſus infcelices premit, ſipe 
nt, digni certè meliore forte 


relictus, ac incerto reliquoti 
(fi falui effent) ibi expeca· 
ctatione torqueri videret, na 
m illi effet, nauem ex portue- 
q; venit . Qui cum illiusani- 
cupientes, vehementer illum 
pllẽtes, eius conſtantiam labe- 
iil turpius exiſtimans, & per- 
0 e, quaàm ſi metu fradus 
i Weite propofito ſiſ- 
ceptog; 


rtunainfontesrapuit,mollem — 


ceptoch conſilio permanſis ſtatuens aut efficere quod propoſuerat, aut certg morti occumbere. 
in cadem naue cum Cancelero erant, etſi comitum diſceſſu quos auulſerat tempeſtatis 
b= tm plusimum anyerentur, & ancipiti curſus ductu commouerentur, tanta tamen & tain ſe- 
cunda voluntate in Cancellerum reperiebantur , vt eius duetu & aufpicijs omnes caſus tenta- 
te ac certum ca itis periculum adire non re formidarent. Hoc tam conſtans ſodalium ſtudium 
follicitudinem Duc is non mediocriter auxit, Ille enim pari animo erga illos affectus,metue- 
bat ne quo ſuo errore ſociorum ſaluti malè conſultum videri poſſit. Breuiter poſieaquam 
ſpem ſuam de reliquarum nauium reditu extenuari & euaneſcere vidit, rurſus fortunam maris 
itur mundi q; inane, ac nature damnata petit, eouſque prouectus, dum omnis nox ablata, 
75 continuus fulgor vaſtum mare illuſtraret. Itaque'continua luce per aliquot dies vius, 
tandem Diuino numine fortunante, in ingentem quendam ſinum deueniunt, qui circiter cen- 
um millia paſſuũ latitudine collegit.In hune penitus ingreſſi, naue ad anchoias deligata, dum 
circum circa proſpiciant, fortè haud procul cernunt ſchapham piſcatoriam, quam Cancelerus 
cum paucis in reflus a dire voluit, ſeiſcitaturus est pifcatoribus, que terra, qui ale mo- 
les. At illi inufitata nauis magnitudine perculfi (neque enim tam vaſig nanes in illis regionibus 
vifuntur) ptæeipites {ele fuga mandabant: Cæterum Cancelerus fugientes aſſequitur: Illi pa- 
uidi ae metu ſemianimes, ad genua ducis aduoluti pedibus ofcula offerunt. At Dux pro ſua 1 — 
lari humanitate placidis oculis eee ac nutu conſolatur, ſupplicum officia recuſat, 
proltratöſq; amplexus in pedes adleuat: Mirum quantum fauotis hæc humanitas illi poſtea 
concilatit. Hij enim dimiffi rumorem diſſipant de noua gente, de humanitate fingulari, Hac 
fama vbi percrebuit,accurrere vulgus, vltrò viaticum offerre, nec commercium recufare, niſi 
quod magna religione obſtringerentur, ne principe inconfulto peregrinas merces emerent. 
Mon docentur noſtri terram eſſe Rufliam,atque Moſcouiam, & in illislocis Euan Vaſiliuich 
(hoc enim erat principi eats) plurimas nationes imperio ac ditione ſua regere ac guberna- 
te. Viciſſim togat Batbarus noſtrates, vnde qe ducunt, aut quid petunt in terraalicna, Ad 
hocnoftri, ſeſe Angligenas, ab illuſtriſſimo Rege Edouardo ſexto in illũ orbem miſſos, habe- 
ie ſe ad illorum Principem regis fui mandata, nec quicquam vltra quærere, quam principis fui 
amicitiam ac e ſuis commerc ia, qua quidem ex re maximas vtilitates in vtriuſque 
regni populos collatas iri ſperabant. Non inuitis auribus audiunt hc Barbari, ac vltrò operam 
fuam een tam equa & honeſta poſtulatio ad principis fui aures primo quoque tem- 
pore perferetur. Tum Cancelerus a n qui cum reliquis confluxerant, commeatum 
petit ac obfides poſcit in nauem, in tutelam ſuæ rat ſalutis. Cui Toparchæ, fui arbitrij 
noneſſe, quid ſtatuat princeps, quod in ſua manu ſit, id velle præſtare, quodque ſolum poſſunt, 
commeatum pollicentur, Dum hæc aguntur,veredarium clam dimittunt qui Imperatori renũ- 
tiet,de ignote gentis appulſu, ſimul vt illius animum explorarent, quid ille ſtatuat. Allatũ nun- 
tium pergratum fuit principi, adeò quidem, vt vitro etiam ad Regiam inuitaret, aut fi terreſtris 
itinens longin quitas moleſta ipfis videretur,commerciorum copiam fuis facit: promittit inſu- 
per i llbet ad fe venire, veredariorum equorum impenſam. Interea Toparchæ diem ex die du- 
cete,varias excufationes prætexere, nunc ieliquorum Toparcharum conſenſum, nunc ardua 
Reipnegotia ceffationi 1 obtendere, tantiſper tempus proferre cupientes, dum reuerſus nũ- 
tius fe de principis voluntate certiores faceret. Verum Cancelerus poſtquam ſe longa & inani 
expectatione ſuſpenſum teneri, & tempus data opera extrahi videret, feridinftat, vt promiſſi 
fidéliberent : quod fi facere neglexerint, ſe vltetiũs nauigaturũ affirmat. At Moſcouitæ, tam- 
etſi adhue Regia voluntatis incerti eſſent, & noſtrorum difceffum metuerent, ſhabebant enim 
merces, quas illi magnoperè expetebant) comeatu inſtruunt. Atq; ita iter longiſſimũ ac multò 


moleftifiimum ingreſſus eft, Quod quidem trahis, quérum plurimus illi genti vſus, confecit: Tnbaum vin. 


trahis geſtantur, trahis onera vehuntur, deniq; vix alia nouerunt vehicula. Huius rei cauſa eft 


n zidiſſimum ſolum horrendo gelu Hybernis menſibus concretum, de quo paulò poſt differe- 


mus, Maiori itineris parte iam peracta, ſuperuenit veredarius quem fupra oſtendimus, clam ab 
Irenarchis dimiſſum qui( quo caſu incertum)à via abetrauerat, ac littora Maris Tartaris vicina 
petiverat,ratus ſeſe noſtrorum nauem ibi inuenturum. Hic poſt longum errorem tandem ad 
nofttos redijt, ac Ducem in via affecutus, literas Imperatorias,illas quidem humanitatis ple- 


i 5 z ; AT A 1 ee : 0 Litcera humanif- 
niffimas Cancelero attulit. Quibus imperabatur, vt veredi illi comitibũſque fuis fine prætio i 17 


fuppeditarentur: Quod quidem tanta alacritate ab omnibus in reliquo itinere factitatum eft, mad Cancels 


vein magnam contentionem venerint, & poſt rizam pugnis etiam diſceptarent, veri veredos ™ 
ſuos trahæ iungerent. Tandem poft magnas longiffimi itineris moleſtias ( confecerat enim 
quindecies centena millia paſſuum) Mofcuam Regiam vrbem delatus eft: de qua, ac Mof- 
couitarum Cafare,déque illuſtribus Moſcouiæ vebibus,pauld poſt plura ſumus fcripturi. 5 
e 


Richard Chanceler. of the Engliſh nation. 273 


— — tt, 


— .. —„—-— 
274 The voyages and diſcoueries Richard (hanceler, 
De Moſcouia, quæ & Ruſſia dicitur. | 


Ofcouia que & Ruffia alba nominacur, terra eft ampliffima, hinc inde varijs gentibuy 
contermina, à meridie atque Oriente Tartaris cingitur: Septentrionale latus Oc 
Scythicus ambit, Ad Occidentem tenent l apones, gens tylueftris,nec vili populo commercio 
lingue nota: poft hos Auſtrumverſus incolunt Sueci,dein Finlandia, ab hac Liuonij juxta hos 
Lituani. Pluribus ac maximis fluminibus irrigua eft,multifque locis paluſtris. Nobiliffima fy. 
minum Nha, quod illi materna idiomate Volgam, Tanais quem Don, Boriſthenes quem ho. 
die Neper nomiuant: horum Rha,atque Boriſthenes, eodem lacu orti, immenfa terre fpacia 
peragrant. Rha amœnos amnes in fe recipiens, ac ex ipfo ſtatim fonte Orientem petens, 
varios flexus ac curſus ambages aduenas aquas, ſuiſq; in Caſpiũ mare pluribus offs exonere, 
Tanais fonte haud {pectabili ab ipfa ſcatebra grandefcens, tandé in amplum lacũ fediffun. 
dit: poſt euagantes aquas in arctum cogens anguſtus labitur, ac poſt aliquot paſſuum mill; 
iterum in lacum diffufus (quem Tuan a pellant) flexuoſo meatu vadit, donec in vicina Vo 
per enit. Deinde quaſi comitem auerſatus, tranfuerfo curſu flectens in meridiem 8 , 
ac Mæoticam paludem petit. a 4 
Borifthenes quem ex eodem fonte cum Rha ortum diximus,cognatas aquas in auftrum de. 
fert, ſubinde auxiliares amnes recipiens : hic maximas gentes præterluens, tandem in pontum 
Euxinum fefe condit. 

Habet & Mofcouia lacus, & ſtagna: lacus etiam deciduo ſyderum ſemine, piſces generant: 
Inter hos principatum tenet Bellij ozera, vel ob hoc præcipuè memorabilis, quod arx munidi. 
ſima in eo fit extructa, quo Mofcouitarum princeps gazam ſuam confert, fi quando bellonm 
terror premit. tne 15 

Quod ad Ryphæa iuga ſpectat perpetuis niuibus candẽtia, vnde veteres Tanaim ottum ha- 
bere fomniarunt,reliquaq; naturæ portenta, quæ Gracia olim finxit,nec noſtti qui nuper ted. 
erunt, videre, nec Trimeſtri ſpatio illic verfati,ac Moſcouitarũ alloquio vtcunq; imbuti, audity 
cognouerunt. Terram eſſe planam, ac campeſtrem illi, ac raro in montes aſſurgere: & qua ver- 
git in Septent-ionem Jatiffinic 3 ſaltus habere. Plurima ibi abies, vnde ad ſtruendas ædes mate. 
fla. i ſaltus feras alunt, vros, vrſos, iupos nigros, aliamq; feram noſtro orbi non vifam, quam 
illi Roſſomakkam nominant: rarum feræ ingenium, & ſpectabile: fatura enim & diſtenta, du, 
orum ſtipitum anguſtias quærit, per quas fe tranſmittens, ventris onus (quod alias non egen. 


— 


8 Z.. 3 S 28 S B. . 1 TRS Egg NYN.ra ses rere ...... 


tur) excdlat? vros equites vt plurimum venantur, vrſos pedites ligniis urcis, Septentrionalis 


tractus tam horrendi frigoris effe dicitur, vt ex humidis lignis in foco ſtructis diftillans liquor 
in ſtiriam concreſcat: tanta diuerſitas tantillo ſpacio, vt hinc prunam, illinc glaciem in aes 
face cernas. Poftquam hyemare apud illos incipit, aſſidua gelu inerementa capit, nec fe pris 
remittit, quam ſolis radij noſtrum orbem reuiſentes caneſcentem terram fulgore exhilarat i- 

Frigoris alesis ftéq; gelu tepore ſoluit. Nautæ certè noſtri, qui in naue remanſerant ex inferiori ftego in fom 
ſcandentes, tam ſubita Lipothymia nõnunquam ſunt correpti, vt intermortui ſubiũde ruerem; 
tanta erat illic rigentis cœeli inclementia: Auſtraliora illius aliquantò mitiora ſunt. 


De Moſcua Regia vrbe, & de Moſcouitarum Rege. 
Eliquum eſt vt promiſſa e à nobis dicatur, dq; Moſcua regia vrbe, & de Mof- 
couitarum principe latiùs paulo differamus,cuius imperium ampliſſimum eſt, opẽſq; hoc 
tempore infignes: Et quonia ipſa vtbs facile inter eæteras principatum tenet, meritd ſbipr 
mum locum vendicet. Vrbis amplitudo, vt noſtri affirmant, Londinum cum fuburbiomagni- 
tudine æquat. Aedificia habet multa, ſed cultu nequaquam noſtris conferẽda. Vici plures fut, 
fed incompoſiti, viæ lapide non fternuntut vt noſtræ: ædium parietes 110 ſunt, tecta {candi 
lis vt plurimum muniuntur: iũcta oppido arx eft & elegans, & munita. Huic a Septentrione an- 
nectitur vrbs lateritio muro. Ipſius etiam arcis moenia, lateribus ſtruuntur, quorum craffities 

edes octodecim colligit: ab altera parte ficca foſſa munitur caſtellum, ab altera flumine Vo- 
ogda alluitur, quod in Orientem tendens ſociales aquas Occæ adiungit. Sunt in caſtro nou 
aces facrz non inuenuſtæ quas tenent cœnobitæ: habe nt etiam papam ſuum, ac quoſdam x 
lios præſules, qui omnes vt plurimum in arce degunt: Ipfius certè Principis Regia minus cul. 
ta, quadratæ formæ, & ſtructuræ humilis, noſtrorum palatiorum nitore longé ſuperatur: fene- 
ſtrarum anguſtię nunc vitrijs nunc ſpecularibus lumen admittũt. Attalica magnifica noftratit 
rincipum aulis ornamenta, illis deerant. Vndiq; parietibus adherent ſcamna, neq; id folumin 
mperatoris Regia. verum etia vbiq; in priuatorum ędibus. Exactis iam duodecim ab ingteſſu 
in vrbem diebus, adeſt nuntius ad Regias ædes noſtros inuitans. Angli moram pertæſi cupide 
paruére, Itaque in aulam ingreſſi, honorandum centum Aulicorum cœtũ aureo cultu 1 5 
que 


oa SEES 


& 5 


7 . N ö 
chard (hanceler, 
* 
citur. 
1, hinc inde varijs gentibus 
ptentrionale latus Oceanus 
nec vlli populo commercio 
lia, ab hac Liuonij,iuxta hos 
sis paluſtris. Nobiliffima fly. 
Don, Boriſthenes quem ho. 
sorti, immenfa terre {pacia 
fonte Orientem petens, pot 
nare pluribus oftijs exonergr, 
dé in amplum lacũ ſe diffun. 
poſt aliquot paſſuum milla, 
vadit, donec in vicina Vo 
Sens in meridiem co 


ognatas aquas in auſtrumde · 
æterluens, tandem in pontum 


rum ſemine, piſces generant: 
jemorabilis, quod arx munidi. 
n confert, fi quando bellorum 


nde veteres Tanaim ortum ha. 
nxit, nec noſtti qui nuper red. 
lloquio vtcunq; imbuti, audi 
montes aſſurgere: & qua ver- 
vnde ad ftruendas ædes mat. 
n noftro orbi non viſam, quam 
ile: ſatura enim & diſtenta, du, 
ris onus te alias non egeri. 
s lignijs furcis. Septentrionalis 

Feo ftructis diſtillans liquor 
am, illinc glaciem in aes 
incrementa capit, nec ſe pris 
bm terram fulgore exhilarat,tri- 
rant ex inferiori ſtego in foros 
vt intermortui fubinde rueremt: 
huantd mitiora ſunt. 


uitarum Rege. 
; Mofcua regia vrbe, & de Mof- 
m ampliffimum eſt, opèſq; hoc 
cipatum tenet, merito fibi pri 
ondinum cum ſuburbio mati. 
ris conferẽda. Vici plures ſunt, 
arietes lignij funt,tecta fcandu. 
unita. Huic a Septentrione an- 
bus ſtruuntur, quorum craſſiies 
aſtellum, ab altera flumine Vo- 
æ adiungit. Sunt in caftronoué 
m papam fuum, ac quoſdam :. 
rte Principis Regia minus cul 
nitore longé fuperatur: fene. 
fit, Attalica magnifica noftratii 
herent ſcamna neq; id folumin 
aétis iam duodecim ab ingreffa 
s, Angli moram pertafi cupid? 
orum cœtũ aureo cultu adtalos 
vique 


Richard Cbanceler. 


‘ umvafculorum magnificentiam a 
1 


ofthedingliflenation. rot 


vique demiſſo ornatum,confidere conſpiciunt: Exitide in ſalutatorium admiſſi, mirum quan- 
tum falgor Imperatorius noſtrorum oculos perftrinxerit, Ruſſorum enim Imperator Regali in 

imis,ac aureo diademate inſigniter conſpicuus, regiog; paludamento aurificũ opere 
il ornatus ſedit: aureum bac iſlum geinmũs diſtinctum dextra tenet, ac præter cætera 
s opulentiz decora,inerat etiam in vultu maieftas tanto faſtigio digna: ſtant iuxta hine 


wht Archigrammateus ac filentiarius,&¢ ipſi Regali auro veſtiti. Deinde centum quinqua- 


folio 


ginta pacrum conceflus, aureo veſtitu magnificus cubiculi ſubſellia vndiq; prætexuit. Poterat 
ante maieftatis fulgor, poterat tam augu tus venerãdorum patrum eonſpectus inſueto men. 
eemexcucere : At Cancelerus conſtanti vultu, Regia maieftate more falutata; Regis Edouardi 
lieras tradit: lectis literis pauca de Regis nottri incolumitate interrogat;: quibus Angli pau- 
chreſpondem moxà noftris per Are higrammatea dono Imperatori oblato( quod ipſe nudato 
e obtulit nam antea erat opertus) Mofcouitarum Princeps Anglos in ptandij tempus, ad 

ipſos imitauit, dimittit: poſtquam horas duas in illius cubiculo qui principi eſt A ſuppli- 

Abus morati ſunt. ac cerſit nũtius ad epulas: in aureum palatiũ( vt ipſi nomuinabant, licet parum 
exculrtum) introdutti Ruſſorum Cæſarem alto toto aſſidentem l er amictu decoratũ, at · 
aicero. iam diademate inſignitum offendunt. Noftri ex aduerſo collocati menſæ accum- 
bunt, fiat ingens medio in palatio abacus, ab imo quadratus paulum aſſurgit. Huic orbis incũ · 
dit vnde in metam fiſtigiaturlatiori ſemper orbe contractiorem ſuſtinente: une gaza Regia 
adomabat, tanta cont vt pondere etiam grauaret. Melior certè pars vaforum, ac potoriorum 
omnium ex auro lectiſſimo fabricata. Quatuor ollz magnitudine confpicuz,reliquam aureo- 
recipué illuſtrarunt. Ta itæ enim proceritatis extiterunt, vt 
quinos prope pedes altitudine c n : fuerunt etiam argentea quædam Dolia, à noſtris 
ninotibus capacitate non longe differentia, quibus principis potum priuatim ſeruant. Quatu - 
ormenfzad 5 Triclinij latera ſingulæ diſpoſitæ ac mundiſſimis mappis ſtratæ, quibus ab 
humiliorifolo ternis gradibus erat aſcenſus, eeleberrimo conuiuarum catu inſtruuntui. ri, fos 
n luteati intiiſq; precioſiſſimis pellibus veſtiti, regalem ccenam ornarunt. Cum princeps cul - 
trum vel panem attrectat ſigno crucis frontem prius munit. Qui in amicitia principis palmam 
tenent,cofiliortima; participes fiunt, eidẽ thoro adhibiti,remotiore loco ab ipfo fedent.Porrd 
hicdum expectantur epulz,veteri ac quaſi auito Mofcouitarum principum more, ipſe Impera- 
torfingulos conuiuas pane primum donat, cum donorum ſuorum titulo, ac elata voce in nic 
tagaus Mofcouitarum Dux, ac ſummus Ruſſiæ Imperator Ioannes Vafiliuich(dein- 

de quiperfert accipientã nominat)te pane donat. Sub hoc aſſurgunt conuiuæ vniuerfi, ac mox 
refdunit.Peracto principis munere, celebri dapiferorum pompa incedie Atrienfis, ac ſalutato 
princi Cygnellum aurea in lance menſæ admouet : mox tollit,ac ſtructo i, cum ſeptem co- 
mitibusin fruſta diſcerpendũ tradit. Hęc ia menſam phulè poft illata, pari ceremoniæ celebri- 
tate conuiuis diſtribuuntur. Dum hec sepals & ipfe Atricnfis pane donatus delibat, ac hono- 
fata ptincipis celſitudine mox recedit. Ye reliquorũ ordine miffuum, cum omnind incompo- 
fas lantillati, nihil certi referre poſſuut noſtri. Illud certè conſtat, vniuerſum eſculentorum, ac 
jorum omnium Wiens quibus centum conuiuis miniſtratum eft, lectiſſimi auri fuiſ- 
wen j ipſas vaſis aded fuiſſe onuſtas, vt nonnullis etiam in menſa deeſſet locus: Neq; ve- 
fo flentio inuoluendum eft miniftros centum quadraginta, aurea veſte ornatos ter ipfo conui- 
lj tempore cultum mutauiſſe: Miniſtri quoq; pane ac potu donantur fimili(quo rel qui) mo- 
da Ad poſtremum finito A Seka illatis lucernis (erat enim iam mox) conuiuas ac familia- 
re omnes nomine appellat, vt non immeritò mirum videatur tot at tam varia cognomina 1 
principi alioqui occupatiſſimo, . excidere; Donatiui, ac citandorum nominum 
nto eſt, vt Moſcouitæ referunt, tum vt fatniliam probè noſcat, tum vt qui principis amicitia 
exciderunt hoc modo notentur. bauen oD 


De re Militari Mofcouitarum. , 

Voties finitimorum iniurig principem in bellũ euocant, haud vnquam infra trecenta vi- 

rorum millia in hoſtem armat. Ex quorum numero, centum circiter millia in aciem ſecũ 
educens,celiqua in tutelam Imperij in præſidijs aptis in locis diſponit. Colonum nullũ, nullum 
Metcatorem in militiam legit, tanta enim eft populi multitudo, vt his domi relictis, iuuentus 
bells gerendis abundè ſuppeditetur Quoſcunqʒ in expeditionem ducit, proprio ſumptu ſelp- 
{os alunt: pedeſtrem pugnam non nouerunt,equites in aciem procedũt. Arti a ſunt his lorica, 
&palea lorica foris auro tegitur, vel holoferico etiam gregario militi.Impenfé iuuat opulenti- 
moſtentꝛre. Arcu ac fagittis vtuntur more Turcarum. Lanceas etiam in aciem gerunt : ſtape- 
da gdductiore equitant,idq; vt Turce: Genus efthominti,algoris vltra omnem fidem patiens, 
ac 


276 he voyages and diſcoueries Richard Chancely: 


ac vietus parciffimum.Nam cum tellus alta niue candet, cum terra horrédo gelu aſtricta fi 
tamen hic Sarmata, ſago ſtipitibus, vndè ventus ac niues ſæuiunt, expaſſo, exiguum ignem fe 
bi ſtrult, atq; cuerfus à vento iacct : ſagum illi pro tecto eft: ſagum pro muro: in fumms fag. 
inſtar omnium eft. Hic incola niuium aqua,¢ gelido atnne petita, ac fimilagine auenæ admiy, 
ta, conuiuium ſuum inſtruit: ac his dapibus fatus,ac lautè paltus ad ignem decumbit ſateriqus 
huiufinodi lautitiarum crapula defeſſa, rigenti ſolo perunt. Huie rigens ſolum pro plums, ti. 
cus feu cilex pro ceruicali. Equus etiam non lautiori pabulo nutritus quam herus, hero eft cone 
tubernalis. Quam merito hic ignobilis & obſcurus Sarmata, effemina: ã ducibus noftris mal. 
liciera exprobret, qui ccelo longè elementiore, pellitis ocreis reuonibuſq; veuntur, Hic eft ge- 
gariotum militum apparatus. At qui illuftriori dignitatis ſunt loco, inftructiores pauld in mla 
tiam proficifcuntur, Ipfius quidem Imperatoris apparatus vel tum inaxime eft inſignis: Ten, 
torij enim vela, vt plurimum aurea ſunt, ſpectabili etiamnum plumariorum opere inargaritify 
ornata.. Quoties cum hoſte confercndum eſt, incompoſiti in hoftile agmen procutrunt: ne- 
que aciem dirigunt (vt mos eſt noſtris) {ed in inſidijs collocatiaduerfarios adoriuntur, Ipſa 
equi bidui inediam facile ferunt, In bello vt plunmum arborum cortices ac virgultonm mols 
lia his ſunt pro pabulo: bimeſtti {patio hanc tantam penuriam, etiam vegeti ac fortes & equm 
& eques non rarò perferũt. Si cuius opera in bello ſtrenua al e vſus eſt, hũc predio aut 

do aliquo dont, in alimentum fui ſuonimq;, qui tamẽ ad ipfum Imperatoré polt eius mortem 
rede, milla proles virilis ſenus ipfi contingat: nam fi numeroſam etiam feeminaram fobolem 
genuerit, tamen hunc hereditariũ agrum vendicat princeps,nifi quod exiguam forte partemad 
dotandas puellas princeps concedat.Porrd qui Imperatoris munificeatiaillomodo munerane 
tur, graui pecunia aſtringũtur tot milites in bello alere, cum neceſſitas poftulat, quot illi fin. 
di reditus Imperatoris cenſura abundè nutrire poſſit. Haud meliori ſunt de e haredita. 
rio iure agri contingunt. Nam fimoriuntur,nec fobolem mafculamreliquerine,decedétis pre. 
dia fiſco Imperatotio ftatim cedunt.Super hee, ſi re aliquis, bello inutilis ab Aulicis prin. 
cipi deferatur,quod rei militari inidoneus amplas facultates habeat, quibus multi clari ſangi- 
nis viri bello apti nutriantur, mox arceffitur infcelix,opibiifq; quas tantis cum fudoribus, qus 
tot laboribus per omnem vitam comparauit, tantillo temporis momento exuitur, niſi 

particulam aliquam a principe recipit, ad fe, céiugem, liberos, ac domeſticos alendos. Hec au. 
tem à populo Imperatori ſuo tam alacriter fiunt, vt credas illos aliena reſtituiſſe, non ſua aleo 
Cite ki bonis pro meritis ſingulorum aulicos ſuos donat princeps. In Bellis etiam, quo quis 
ſæpius in expeditioné mittitur, eo propenſſorẽ in fe principis fauorem auguratur, etiã cumſus 
impenſis ſeipſum alat: ſicuti anteaa nobis diẽtũ eſt: tantum eft apud omnes ducis fui obfequii, 


De Legatis Ducis Mofcouitarum. 


N= minori magnificentia quam quadiximus, Legatos ſuos in obeundis negotijs ad ex. 
teros reges mittit Mofcouita : nam noftris Mofcug agentibus, legatos duos ad Poloniz 
Regem iter fuſcipientes vel ingreſſos, quingenti Equites ornatiffimi comitabantur, quorum 
melior pars veſte aurea, ac ſerico induebatur, & quiincultiffime cymatili, vt interim equorum 
ſtrata, auro argentégq; inducta, & ſpectabili Phry gionum opere ornata ſilentio tranfeam:habe. 
banc inſuper centum ſonipedes albos pulcherrimé{q;, in quos (fi alicuius tædiũ ipfos initinere 
cepiſſet) cum vellent tranſcenderent. Sed nunc tempus exigit vt ad quaſdam alias Moſcou- 
tarum vrbes orationem conuertamus,& merces quibus abundant breuiter perſtringamus. 


Nouogardia. 
Saulen Moſcuam celeberrima vrbium Nouogardia, quæ vt illi A eft inferior, its 
agnitudine non parum fuperat.Emporium eft totius Imperij longè nobiliffimum:& hicet 
regiam fedem fibi princeps Moſcuæ conſtituit, fuminis tamen opportunus interlapſaas ac pol 
in mare Sarmaticum exoneratus, fac it Mercatorum conuentu, ipſa Regia vrbe celebratiorem, 
Huic vrbi ob ſummam optimi lini ae canabis abundantiã, inter reliquas regni vrbes facili da 


tur palma: vendit etiain coria, mel, & ceram. Inſtituerunt ibi Collegium mercatorum Flandi 


is ibi morantibus enixe à duce po iaudito noftrorum acceſſu, literas expedited 


ui pari perfidia vſi apud illos, qua nupei apud nos, priuilegia amiferant, que fibi refticui, uo. 


principem,noftros falfis criminibus onerant, & in ſuſpicionem piratice vocant, itaq; hortan 
ur vt detineat,ac in vincula conijciat: Hac cum noſtris nuntiata funt,in fummam defpetatioe 


e, nem adducuntur domum reditionis : Princeps tamen multò illuftriffimus, regijs {criptis con 


firmatus,fidem nequaquam mendacibus literis adhibuit. 
Yeraflauia, 


Nerd Obancelip, 


cc 
a horrédo gelu aftricta niget 
„ exiguum ignem fi 
m pro muro: in fumma fag 
„ac fimilagine auenæ adm. 
d ene ecumbi 
rigensfolum pro 

tus quam ee 
mina: ã ducibus noſttis mol. 
nibüſq; vtuntur. Hic eft pres 
o inftructiores pauld in mill 
m inaxime eft infignis: Ten. 
mariorum opere marperiti{g, 
tile agmen procurrunt: ne. 
duerſarios adoriuntur. ] 
cortices ac virgultorum mols 
iam vegeti ac fortes & equm 
2 vſus eſt, hũc predio aut 
mperatorẽ poſt eius mortem 
n etiam cece ſobolem 
2 — illo modo E 
ſſitas poftular, ehe 
ri ſunt ſorte, quibus hæredita. 
un reliquerint,decedétis pre. 
bello inutilis ab Aulicis prin: 
eat, quibus multi clari fangui. 
as tantis cum ſudoribus, quas 
momento exuitur, niſi quod 
domeſticos alendos. Hec au. 
ena reſtituiſſe, non fuaalieno 
icepsiIn Bellis etiam, quo quis 
jorem auguratur, etiã cumfuis 
pud omnes ducis {ui obfequil, 


rum. 

os in obeundis negotij ad er · 
ibus, legatos duos ad Polouia 
iffimi comitabantur, 
cymatili, vt interim equorum 
ornata filentio tranfeam:habe. 
fi alicuius tædiũ ipfos initinere 
vt ad quaſdam alias Mofcout 
nt breuiter perftringamus, 


vt illi dignitace eft inferior, ita 
rij longè nobiliffimum:& let 
opportunus interlapfss,ac polt 
ipla Regia vrbe celebratiorem, 
reliquas regni vrbes facile de- 
llegium mercatorum Fi 
amiferant, qua fibi refticui, no- 
m acceflu, literas expedited 
piraticæ vocant, itaq; hortam 
ſunt, in ſummam defperatio- 
riſſimus, regijs ſeriptis con 


Yeraflauis, 


Seo 2 


Neeber of thetsnglilfination, 
„eee C10 ae ! Yeraflauia. 5; ‘ 


1 j lout dil 

capi 2.3 ‘quoque Yetaflauia propter coria, ſeuum ac fruges quibus plurimum abundat. 
pie etiam orbes ibi ſunt venales, licet alijs in locis maior fit copiat ſita hæc eſt ah 
ibe Regiaad lapidem ducentiffimum: totum interuallum plurimos habet vicos populoſiſſi- 
rrosssbundant agri frugibus, quas Mofcuam tanta copia conuchunt, vt aliquando antenieri · 
iano videas feptingentenas vel octingentenas trahas vltrò citroq; commeantes, fruges, vel 
filfamenta yehentes. Veniunt à milletimo lapide Mofcuam, mercatum fruges, trahiſque ves 
bunt lj fun Aquilonis incolæ, nam tanta eft ibi frigoris immanitas, vt ſegetes non creſcant, 

an icreſcunt non maturefcunt.Hij ſalſamenta, pelles, & coria, merces afferunt, 


Vologda. ö 


m * 
2 8 1251 ri APRESS , f 
Ologda quingentis quinquaginta millibus paſſuũ interiectis, ab vrbe Meiropolitana dia 
ftans, mercimonia habet, ſeuum ac linum, tametſi lini maior vis Nouogardiæ væneat. 


Pleſcouia. 


P Mellis ceræq́; præcipuam vim à mercatoribus fre ꝗquentatur Pleſcouia. 


Colmogora. 


Init Aquilonaris Ruſſiæ tractus raras ac precioſas pelles: iu his {unt vel præcipui Zabel-· 
na, Dominarum noſtrarũ ceruicibus imprimis expetitæ: habent etiam pelles martias, 


yulpinas,candidas,nigras,8 rufas, leporinas, & armelinas,aliafq;Barbaris nominibus dictasꝶ be- 


irres mingas miniueras: pignit vicinum mare belluam à Barbatis Mors noninatam: hęc den- 
tumadminiculo rupes ſcandens pabulum petit. Hanc cupiunt Ruſſi ob dentium inſignem v= 
ſmm qu non minor his eſt, quam elephantorum noftratibus. Hac mercimonia ceruorum dor- 
fisad oppidum Lampas feruntur. Deinceps mercatores vrbem Colmogoram petunt, atq; ibi 

o tempore, celeberrimæ ſunt illarummercium nundinæ: fuppeditathec vrbs yndiqua- 


que vitinæ regioni affatim ſalem ac ſalſamenta: mittunt & Aquilonares Ruſſi oleum à Berba- 


fis, Trem nominatum. quod in quodam flumine Vina dito faciunt, licet non folum ibi habea- 
fur¢oquunit etiam marinam aquam vnde ipfis conſtat vis magna ſalis. 


De diffidentium lite, & quibus arbitris fini- 


1.4.1 


277 


t luntur in Moſ· 


Vna flu 
ban. 


Legulei non a. 


couia, 


“= monomachiam ruunt: aut fi alterutet vel vterque parum ſtrenuus, aut pugnæ minus habilis, 
pugiles publicos ſubſtituunt: habent enim pugiles, quibus folo hoc quæſſu vidtus confly, i 
armati in arenam deſcendunt: tela {unt vt plurimum claua bellica, & yenabulumsfit puoi 
deſtris. Culus igitut pugil in certamine fuperatur,is abſque mora in vincula conijcitur, 
ſeris modis tractatur,donec cum aduerſario certamen finiat.Praterhzc,fi vterq; oftus fit cls 

ntibus atque alter alterum priuatum hoftem depoſeit, annuit Iudex, nec tum vicarii 
gillbus fas elt vti. Porro qui ſplendidiori loco natus eft, hoſtem obſcuriori ortuin familis ; 
dertamine reſpuit. Si quis pauper ære alieno aftrictus,creditori ſoluendo non fit, abduciti 
creditor,atque eouſq; opere faciundo exercet, vel alteri Aen. obærati elocat, doneco 
do debitum perſoluit: ſunt qui ſponte, ſe, coniugem ac liberos opulentioribus per omnem j. 
tam emancipabunt, vt in initio 1 pecuniolz ſummam accipiant, ac pòſt pro reliquayi, 
ta alimenta capiantiadcoillis vileſcit libertas, 


bim 


— ~ Wiss A 8 
Te — — — —— — —e— 


ö r ee ee 
L 4 Defuram fupplicijs. 


S quis furto deprehenſus ſit, in carcerem conijciunt,ac flagtis fubinde eædunt, neque obp. 
mam noxam ſuſpendunt, vt nos, atque hanc, legem mifericordi appellant; qui ſecundd 
delinquit, illi naſum præcidunt, ac ftigmatis frontem ſignant: Tertia noxa crucem meretur, 
Multi, & infignes funt crumenifece:quod fi principis ſeueritas ipſos non tolleret, non eſſett- 
ſiſtere illorum prouentui. 


De Religione. 


G æ Eccleſiæ dogma amplectuntur: ſimulachra Diuorum in templis non admit: 
; vabulas tamen diuorum, imaginibus pictas in ſacris ædibus frequentes habent: has ado- 
rant, his dona offerunt, his cereos accendunt, has etiam ſacro fonte aſpergunt, aliogui ills 
nullus eft honos. Simulachra noftra nullam diuinitatis vim habere aſſerunt, quod in templa 
dicantur perinde vt à ſtatuarijs emuntur. Priuatis in ædibus ſtatuas inſtar penatium gen 
in obfcutiffima parte domus vt plurimum ſtatuũtur. Si quis domum vicini intrat, primuùm om. 
mum penates ſalutat, etiam cùm non videat: ſi ſcamnum aut fella ſtet in proximo, ſubiude 

: frontem illidens in fellam, ac crebro capite & corpore nutans larem adorat. Sacrorumac 
phanorum virorum in veltitu nulla diuerſitas. Nulli nec ſacro nec prophano interdicitus ms 
¢ trimonium, Cæterùm fi Ecclefiaftici vxor è vita decedat, ſecundas nuptias repetere non litt: 
Quocirca ex ſacerdotibus (vt vocant) ſecularibus fiunt plenimque Monachi, quibus perpe. 
tua imperatur caſtitas. Sacra officia in templis materno idiomate fiunt. Ex pane fermentao 
Euchariſtiam conſecrant, ac poſt confecrationem, lance in capite per templum circumfe. 
runt nec participate volentem prohibent. Nouum ac vetus teſtamentum in templis legum in- 
gua vernacula cam offenſate, vt nec ipſe qui legit intelligat. Dumilla leguntur, garrire, con. 
bulari, ac obſtrepere licet, in reliquo officio, ſummam modeſtiam ac fanctimoniam pre fe 
ferunt. Orationem dominicam decimus quiſque haud nouit. At Symbolum Apoftolicun, 
aut Decalogum Moiſis nemo aut admodum pauci, aiunt enim rem tam arcanam ac ſacn 
in vulgus temere euuntiari non oportere. Decalogum etiam fanguine Chrifti antiquatuneſ. 
Quatemaieiunia ſe. Humaniores literas omnino reſpuunt. Cognitionis Græcæ, fice aut Hebraica linguz 
. penitus ſunt ignari: fingulis annis quaterna celebranticiunia que ab ipfis diuorum feſti de. 
nominant. Primum cum noftro quadrageſimali ĩeiunio exordium habet. Secundum diu pe. 
tti iciunium dicitut. Tertio, dat nomen Diua Maria. Quartum, à Philippo nomen capi. Ac 
ficuti nos quadragefimam noftram a die Mercurij aufpicamur, ita illi à die ſolis: diebus Sab- 
bati carne veſcuntur. Hebdomadis has eſuriales ferias præcedentibus lacticinijs viuunt. Ac 
vulgo appellant butyri ieiunia. Hoc tempore iautud ſeſe inuiſunt vicini, ae pacis ofculis vie 
ciſſun excipiunt, in ignum mutui amoris ac concordiæ Chriſtianæ. Nam {ub illis ieiunand 
tempotibus frequentius quam alias ſacroſanctam coenam adeunt. Poſt ſeptem dies ab i- 
ccpto leiunio, crehrò inuiſunt templa, aut domi ſeſe continent; ac orationi plurimum ve 
cant. Nec illa ſeptimana alio quam oleribus veſcuntur. Exacto ſeptimanæ huius ieiunio pi. 
ftinam bibendi intemperiem repetunt, ſunt enim bibones inſignes. Diſtrictè ſeruant iciunia 
ſua, nec vilius rei eſtun illi holerum ac ſalſamentorum tunc temporis fibi indulgent: die Hier- 


HEBESR ETS 


cutij ac Veneris quauis feptimana iciunare ſolent. : 5 
‘ eh N 0 i obey it he . : i Plurima 


uus, aut pugnæ minis habilis 
lo hoc quattu victus conſtat. Hi 
llica, & Vvenabulum: fit puleng 


ora in vincula conijcitur, Ubi . 
ræter hæc, fi erg bite 
nuit Iudex, nec tum Vicatijs 

em obfcuriorl ortuin famil 1 
i ſoluendo non fit, abducititlun 
m obærati elocat, donec oper. 
s opulentioribus per omnem i. 


accipiant, ac polt pro reliqua i. 


ris ſubinde cædunt, neque ob pr, 
ricordiæ appellant: qui fecund) 
t: Tertia noxa crucem mereny, 
s ipſos non tolleret, non eſſetie· 


orum in templis non admit: 
bus . haben hasado. 
ro fonte aſpergunt, aliogui ili 
abere aſſerunt, quod in templs 
atuas inſtar penatium colun 
omum vicini intrat, primùmom. 
t fella ftet in proximo, fubinde 
larem adorat, Sacrorumacpro. 
> nec prophano interdicitus ma. 
ndas nuptias repetere non lice, 
imque Monachi, quibus perp. 
atefiune, Ex pane fermentito 
capite per templum circumfe. 
tamentum in templis legunt lin. 
Dum illa leguntur, garrire,¢con. 
deſtiam ac ſanctimoniam pre ſe 
t. At Symbolum Apoſtolenm, 
m rem tam arcanam ac facram 
fanguine Chrifti antiquatumeſ. 
, Latinæ aut Hebraice lingue 
que ab ipfis diuorum feftis de. 
dium habet. Secundum diu be. 
» àphilippo nomen capit, Ac 
r, ita illi à die ſolis: diebus dib · 
dentibus lacticinijs viuunt, Ac 
ilunt vicini, ae pacis ofculis vi 
ang. Nam fub illis ieiunandi 
eunt. Poft ſeptem dies ab in. 
ent; ac orationi plurimum ve 
do ſeptimanæ hutus ieiunio pi 
ſignes. Diſtrictè ſeruant ieicnis 
mpotis fibi indulgent: die Met. 


Pluimi 


eau 


Richard (ante, 


Righard (banceler. of the Engliſh nation. 279 
Plurimas ibi tut Benedictinorum Cœnobia: his magni funt agrorũ reditus : nam ter 
: ae sacks vation Imperij tenent Monachi. Iſtis „ eſus carnium in- 
bs BE Alimenta funt ſalſamenta, lac & butyrum. Nec ex inſtituto religionis recentes pif- 
edunt, Quaternis tamen illis quat memorauimus ieiuniis, ne pifcibus quidem viuunt. Cau- 
sac cucummeribus fale cõditis radiculisq;ue (quae perennare facile faciunt)illis victus con- 
onus eſt dis valde tenuis ac dilutus. Quotidie in Templis rem diuinam faciunt: facrum of- 
smantelucano adeunt, quod aduentante iam die finitur. Circa nonam diei celebratur 
Oe Pofthanc prandetur: à prandio facrum officium repetunt,nec non à cœna. Prandentibus 
comaneibu(ue legitur euange iorum interpretatio. Quoties alicuius monaſterij Antiſtes con- 
cedit fato,Princeps Cœnobij bona inuadit, armenta,greges{uppellectilem,aurum,argentum, 
it, Aut is qui defundo Antiſtiti dignitate fuccedit hac ab imperatore pecunia redimit. 
1 7605 facrz lignijs trabibus conte untur. Ac plerumque aſſurgit turris tcandulis tecta. Foris Acdes tere. 
sdduncur ædi porticus. In coemiterijs fabricas ædificant ligneas in quibus librantur campanæ, 
c binæ, nunc trinæ. 

an ade vt rare ita de ridicula gentis confuetudo: defunctorum cadauera loculis cõ- Mosa 
dunt,a¢ manui cadaueris codicillos indunt. Horum fummaeft, deſunctum fuiſſe Ruflum Ruf 
forum fidem amplexum,ac in eadem fide deceſſiſſe. Hz literæ Diuo Petro mittuntur:lectis li- 
Pris mon (vt illi unt) admittitur, & vt ſyncerioris fidei ſectatori, beatior etiam ſedes quar 
Latinis Chriftianis conceditur. Nos enim femichriftianos eſſe contendunt, fefe autem ſynce- 
rosac genuintos.Hac funt indoctæ Barbariei pudenda deliramenta, 


Deidololatris Mofcouitis, Tartaris conterminis. 


u tatorum confinia tenent Moſcouitæ idololatræ. Pereelebre elt illis idolon aurea vetula Auen 
dium. Si qua grauior calamitas gentem premit, veluti fames, bellum, vel peſtis, Idolum 
ſunſtatim coniulunt. Quod hoc modo faciunt. Coram ſimulacro proſtrati preces fundunt, 
mox crepitaculum tympanum in medio ftatuunt : hoc forte lecti circumſtant: Argenteum bu. 
fonemtympano imponunt. bacillo concutiturtympanum. Ac cui circuniacentium accedit 
8 interficitur. Statim nefcio quibus Idoli praftigijs vite reftitutus, malorum cau - 
Gsexponit, Itaijue placato Idoli numine, non ita multò poſt publicacalamitate liberantur, 


De ędium priuatarum forma, ac de cultu populi. 


untotum domus vbiuis truncis abiegnis contexuntur: In ſerioti trabe quodam alueo fue 
peracentis rotunditatem ita excipiente yt hac ſola admiſſura, omnem propemodum fla- 
um ercludant. Solent tamen iuncturæ muſcari. Forma ædiũ quadrata eue er uſt 
per qus impage tranflucida pelle obducta lumen admittunt. Domorum tecta tabulatis fiunt, Dom 
uborum corticibus foris inductis, Intus ad parietes lata habent ſcamna. Hęc vulgò pro accubi- rum fori 
tizlectorim enim vſus vulgo ignotus, Ignis in Hypocauftis mane ſtructus, totam um pro 
modo,tepidam vel calidam reddit. Vulgi amictus vt plurimum laneus eſt. Piliis veuntur faſtigia- 


tun modum meta, in quibus etiam nobilitatis eft infigne: qué enim potrectiori ac elatiori 


veuntur pilio, ed ſplendidiores vulgo habentur. 
Concluſio ad Serenifsimam Reginam 
Mariam. 
tuam excellentiſſimam Maieſtatem liceat illuc denuò Nauigare, non dubitant tui, 


adeas gentes nominis tui fulgorem penetraturum, qu tribus ſolum Herolbus, i 


1 5 ee py Nantes Angli modo reduces retulerunt. Quod fi pet v 
‘ el 
condicomundo finé æmulo genitis patuere. ANNO 3554, 


Vi a De ae gt The 


280 The voyages and difcoueries ‘Richard Chanceley, 
F ‚ fa kV FOE SEN GEL NBN ̃ —ͤwuV-n OEE ES VRS CTO et IEE ST NEN Br ̃ò . 


The newe Nauigation and difcouerie of the kingdome 
of Moſcouia, by the Northeaſt, in the yeere 155 3: Enterprifed 
by Sir Hugh Willoughbie knight,and perfourmed by Richard Chanceler, 
Pilot maior of the voyage. Tranſlated out of the former Latine into 
Englifh. 


ST what tine our Marchants perceiued the commodities and ware of Eg 
land to be in ſmall requeſt with the Countreis and people about vs, and nen 
vnto vs, and that thoſe Marchandiʒes which ſerangerg in the time and mam 
tie of our aunteſtoꝛs did earneſtly ſeeke and deſire, were now neglected andthe 
price thereof abated, although by vs carien to their owne poptes, and all 
opt Nb. marchandifes in great accompt, and their pꝛiſes wonderfully taiſed: certuing 
graue citizens of London, and men of great wiſedome and carefull of the good oktheir Counteep, 
beganne to thinke with themlelues, howe this miſchiefe might bee remedied: neither was att 
medie (as it then appeared ) wanting to their deſires, fo the auoyding of fo great an inconnen 
ente: foꝑ ſeeing that the wealth of the Spaniards and Portingals, by the diſcouerie and fearcheg 
newe trades and Countreis was marueiloully increaled, fuppofing the fame to bee acoutſe an 
meane for them alfo to obteine the like, they thereupon reſolued vpon a newe and lraunge uu 
gation, And whereas at the fame time our Sebalſian Cabota, a man in thoſe dayes very tend 
med happener to be in London, they beganne lirſt of all to deale and conſult diligently with him, 
. Pbirs fur · and alter much fpeache and conference together it was at laſt concluded that three ſhippes chu 
nied la the be prepared and furniſhed out, for the ſearch and diſcouerie of the Nontherne part of the work, 
dilcouerie. to open a wap and paflage to our men for trauaile to newe and vnknowen kingdomes. 

And whereas manp things {eemed necellarie to bee regarded in this fo harde and difficult 
matter, they fir make chopce of tertaine graue and wife perfons in maner of a Denate on com 
panie, which ſhoulde lave their heads together, and giue their iudgements, and prouide thinges 
requilite and profitable tc all occaftons : by this companie it was thought expedient, that an 
taine ſumme of monep ſhoulde publiquelp bee collectev to ſerue fop the furniſhing of ſomm 
ſhippes. And teat anp priuate man thoulde bee too much oppzeſſed and charged, a courſe imag 
taken, that euery man willing to be of the ſocietie, ſhould dil burſſe the portion of twentie and tyr 
pounds a piece: fo that in thort time by chis meanes the fimme of fire thoufande pounds 
gathered che three ſhippes were bought, the moſt part whereof they pꝛouider to bee newly bil 
andtrimmed. But in this action, J wotte not whether J may more admire the care of the 

archants, 02 the diligence of the Bhtppewugbtes: fo the Parchants, they gette ver 

ng and well feafoned plankes for the building, the Bhippepnightes, they withvaplyas 
uatle, and their greateſt Chill, doe itte them for the diſpatche of the thippess they calke them, 
pitche them, and among the reſt, they make one mot ſtanche andfirme, by an excellent and inge 
nious inuention. Foz they had heard that in certaine partes of the Ocean, a kinde of wants 
is bende, which many times pearteth and eateth thꝛough the ſtrongeſt oake chat is: ann thereſi 
that the Mariners, and the reſt to be employed in this voyage might bee free and ſafe fromthis 
danger, they couer a piece of the keele of the ſhippe with thinne ſheetes of leade: and having 
thus built the ſhippes, and kurniſhed them with armour and artillerie then followed a ſecond cate 
no leſſe troubleſome and nſetellarie then the foꝛmer, namely, the pꝛouiſion of victuals, which 
was to be made acrowing to the time anv length of the voyage. And whereas they afore deter 
mined to haue the Catt part ok the woꝛlde faplen vnto, and yet that the ſea towards the ſame uus 
not open, except they kept the Norherne tract, where av pet it was doubtfull whether ther 
were aup pallage pea op no, thep teſolued to victuall che thippes for cighteene moneths, wic 
they did for this reaſon. Foz our men being ta palle that huge and colde part of the worl, 
they wiſely forelceing it, allome them fire moneths victuall to faile to the place, ſo much moe 
to remaine there ifthe extremitie ofthe winter hindered their returne, and fo much moze alfofy 
22 e a aboopde, wich munition of all ly 
wethis ing made and caried aboode, armour and ion ok a 
hoi ofcaye luficteut Captar nes and gouernours of fo great an enterpuſe were as pet wanting : to which 
Picts, office and plate, although many men, (and fome voyde of experience) offered 1 
1 Sir Hugh Willoughbie a mot valiant Gentleman, and well bonne, very earneſtly re ö 
Woillougpbie, to haue that care and charge committed vnto him: ol tobome beloze all others, both by 


‘Richard Chancely, | 


of the kingdome 
1553: Enterprifed 
d by Richard Chanceler, 
‘the former Latine into 


commodities and arcs of eu 
8 and people about vs, and nee 
rangers in the time and men 
five, were now neglected andthe 
heir owne poptes, and all foyeeing 
{es wonderfully raifens cet 
ull of che good of their C 
t bee remedied: neither was a 
Lopbing of fo great an 
s, bp the diſcouerie and fearcheg 
pfing the fame to bee a courſe an 
vpon anewe and llraunge Png, 
a man in thole vayes verp renoty 
and conſult diligentlp wich hin 
ncludedthat three ſhippes hond 
he part of the wol, 
nknowwen kingdomes. 
d in this ſo harde and difficult 
us in maner of a 2 
udgements, and prowide thinges 
is thought expedient, that acer 
e fox the furniſhing of fo many 
zeſſed and charged, a courſe mag 
e the portion oktwentie and im 
ok ſixe thouſande pounds 

ey pronived to bee newiy bi 
ay more admire the care of tie 
e Parchants, they gette verp 
pewnightes, they rene 
the ſhippes: they calle then 
firme, by an excellent andingt 
bf che Ocean, a kinde of tonnes 


night bee free and lake fromthis 
e ſheetes of leade: and hauing 
erie, then followwen a ſecond eat 
the pꝛouiſion of victuals, which 
And whereas they afore deter. 


ee a 
. e mone 7 

e and colde part ok the work, 
pile to the place, fo much moe 
e, and fo much more alan 


our and munition of all forts, 
were as pet wanting: to which 
ce) offered themlelues⸗ 
bonne, very earneſtly re 

fone all boch by * 


ul with anthoꝛttie aud commande ouer all the ref, Aud faꝛzthe gouernement ol the other fips 
? diuers 


nett oake that is: ann there 


at the ſea towards the ſame tas 


bard ( banceler. -ofthe Engliſh nation. 
ome re (for bee was of a tall Mature ) ag alla fop bis Singular hill in the feruices 
at — of ie gparchants ne greet accompt 1 fo cha at che Lal they con 
and mabe ehopce of him ln the Genevall ofthis wopage,anvappotutedte him the Ami. 


Achau men feemed willing, and made offers of themlelues thereunto, pet by a com- 
in content one Richard Chanceler, a man of great eſtimation for manp good partes of witte in 


bam, tmaselerted, in tobome atone great hope fop the performance ofthis dulmeſſe reten, Chis Aicher, 
um vias bought op bp one matter Henrie Sidney, a noble young Geneleman and very much dancer 
pelourvot king Edwarde who at this time cumming co the place where the Marchants were ga. Benne tn 09 


shecedtngetber, beganne a verp eloquent ſpeache op Dyation, and {pake to chem alter this maner 


friendes, I cannot but greatly tommende pour ppetentgobly ind ber ü 


"py orp cbm . 
intention, in the ſerious enterpriling ( forthe ſinguler loue pou beaxe to pour Countrep,) Sauen. 
poled bop!) wall pooue ypoteale fog this nation, aro onouvablecotba our lan, 


@ibich mention of pours ( wee allo of che Nobilitie) are seadic to our power to helpe and fure 
deesneither doe wee holde any ching ſo deare and precious vnto vg, which wee will not toil» 
Hngiplorgpz,andlap out in ſo commendable a cauſe. But principally A reiopte in my ſeſfe- that 
Abaue nuriſbed and maintained that witte, whichis like by ſome meanes and infome mealure, 
toppefite and ſteede you in this nente action. But pet J woulde not haue pou iguq;ant of this 
one thing chat A doe nowe part with Chanceler, not becauſe J make litle reckoning of the man, 
Athm his mainteinaute is burdenous and chargeable vnto mee, but that pou might conceiue 
am bnderſtaude, my good will and pꝛomptiitude foz the furtherance of this buſineſſe, and that the 
hoi and ellimation which hee deſerueth map be giuen him. Pou know the man by report, 
by experience, pou by wondes, J by deedes, vou by ſpeache and compaute, but I by che daply 
friall of bis Lite, baue a full and perkert knowledge of bim. And pou are alfo to remember; into 
howe many perils for pour fakes, aud his Countreys loue, hee is nome torunne s whereokit is 

e that wee bee not vnmindekull, ik it pleaſe God to ſende him good ſucceſſe. Mee come 
nit alittle money to the chaunce and hazard ol Fogtune: Mee counnitts his life; (a thing to a man 
of allthings molt deare) to the raging Sea, andthe vncertaiuties of many augers, Ce ſball 
here liue aud reit at home quietly with our friendes, and acquaintance: but hee in che meant 
time labouring to keepe the ignozant and vnrulye Marriners in good oder and obedience, with 
botwe ntanp cares ſhall hee trouble and vexe bimfelfe, with howe manpttaubles Wall hee bꝛeahe 
ſinſelle, and home many diſquietings hall hee bee forced to ſuſtaine ? Ale ſhall keepe our 
wor teaſtes and Countrey, Dee ſhall ſeeke ſirange and vnkno wen kingdomes. Hee ſhall cont 
mithis ſafetie to barbarous and cruell people, and Hall basarde bia life amongſt the monſtrous 
an terible beattes ofthe Sea. Wihereforc in reſpect ofthe greatneſſe of che dangers and the ex⸗ 
cellencic ot bis charge, vou are to fauour aud loue the man thus veparting From v, and if it fall fo 
eee out that hee returne againe, it is pour part and ductie alfo, liberally to rewarde 
Alter that this noble pong Gentleman had deliuered this oz ſome ſuth like ſpeache, much 
me eloquently then I can poſſiblie repoxt it, the companie then prefent beganne one to looke 
hyonanother,one to queſtion aud conferre with another: and forte (to whome the vertue and ſul⸗ 
liciencie of the mau was knowen) began ſecretly to reioyte with chemle lues, and to conceine a 
letz hope: that the man would prooue in time very rare and excellent, and that bis verties ale 
n ſhining to the wozlde, would growe to the great honour and aduancement 


Aberellchis he rompante growing to ſome fitence, itlremed goon tu them that were ot rem 


tel gautte among them, to inquite, ſearche and leeke what might be learned and uw wen con. 


cerning the Gatterly part op trert of the world. Fox which caule 2. Tartarians, which were then 
othe Rings Stable, were lent fop,¢ an interpꝛeter was gotten to be pꝛeſent. by whom they wert 
bemmaunded touching their Cvuntrey andthe manerg of their nation. But they were able tu ans 
Bb ae enen in derde moze arquginted ( as one there merily and opentp 

m toſle pottes, then to learne the Mates and difpolitions of people. But after much adog and 
dump things paſſed about this matter, they grewe at lal tu this illlie, to fet dodune and appointa 
tine forthe departure of the lhippes; becauſe diners were of opinion, that a great part of abe 
beBtime of the yeere was alteadit (pent, and ik che delaye prewe longer the way wald ber 
Warn by the force of the Sice, and the colde climate: and thereloze it was :cbountht 
WR bp the opinion of them all chat by the anden of Pay, the Captaines and Marrtners 
a. - 2 


282 The voyages and diſcoueries Richard Chazceiey, 


ſpoulde take ſhipping, and depart from Ratliffe the ebbe, il it fo pleaſed Gov, Thepts, 
ning ſaluted their acquaintance, one bis wife, a his childzen, another his —— 
another his lriendes deerer then his hinfefolkes, were prefent and readie at the day appotum 
and haung waped andre, they departed wich che turning of the water, and ſapling cafelp cane 
lit to Greene wich. The greater thippes were cowed do tune with boates, and dates, andthe 
mariners being all apparellen in Matchet oz Chie coloured clothe, rowed a maine, and mur 
way bich diligence, Aud being come neere to Greene wich (where the Court then laye) me 
ſently vpon the newes thereof the Courtiers came running out and che common people flockt ty 
gether,Manding very thicke vpon the ſhoare: the pꝛiuie Counfell, they looke out at the windoben 
of che Court, andthe reſt ranne vp to the toppes of the towers: che thippes herrupon diſchange 
their Opinance, and thoote off their pieces alter the maner of warre, and of the (ca, inſonmich ihn 
the tops of the hilles founded there with, the valleys, aud the waters gaue an Eccho. and the mw 
riers they ſhouted in ſuch fore, that the Chie rang againe with the noyſe thereof. One dude 
in the poope of the lippe, and by his gelſture biddes fare well to his friendes in the belt nance he 
toulde. Another walkes vpon the hatches, another climbes the ſowes, another anden vpn 
the maine parde, and another in the toppe of the ſhippe. To bee ſhont, it was a very triumphe ( 
ter a ſont) in all reſpects to the beholders, But (alas) the good Ring Edwarde (in relpertel 
whome principally all this was prepared, ) hee onely by teaſon ot his ſickeneſſe was abſent fm 
this fhetue,and not long after the departure of theſe (hips, the lamentable aud met ſoꝛowfull acci 
dent of his death followed. 

But to pꝛoceede inthe matter. 

She ſhippes going vowne with the tyde, came at laſt to Wool wiche, where they ſtayed an 
taſt ancre, with purpole t e deme as foone ag the turning of the water, anna 
better winde ſhoulde — 4 them to ſet ſaile. After this they departed and came to Harwiche, 
in which porte they ſtayed long, not without great loſſe and confuming of time: pet at thelul 
with a good winde they hoyſed vp faile, and committed themſelues to the fea, giuing their lat 
adieu to their natiue Countrep, which they knewe not whether they ſhoulde euer returne to le 
againe oz not. Manp of them looked oftentimes backe, and could not refraine from trares an 
fidering into what hazards they were to kall, and what vncertainties of the lea they were co make 


ck. Jan 
Among che reſt Richard Chanceler, the Captaine of the Edwarde Bonauenture, was ti 


litle grieued with the feare of wanting victuals. part whereof was founse to bee conupt, and pu: 
trifien at Harwiche, and the hoggeſheads of wine alfo leaked, and were not ſtanch: his naturall 
and fatherlp affection alſo ſomemhat troublen him, for hee left behinde him bis two little (omnes, 
which were in the tale of Ohanes ik hee ſpedde not well: the eftace alfo of bis compamie um 


ued him to care, being in the former refpects after a fort vnhappie, and were to abide with hin 


felfe euery good o; badde accident: but in the meane time while his minde was chus tonnen 
wichthe multiplicitie of ſoꝛowes and cares, after many dapes ſapling, they kenneꝛ lande alan 
off, whereunto the Pilots directed the ſhippes: and being come to it they lande, and finde it to bet 
Rofe Allande, where they Taped certaine daye s, and afterwarvs {et faile againe, and pocerding 
towardes the Month, they eſpied certaine other Illands, which were talled che Crolle of Alam 
From which places when they were a lide departed, matter Willoughbie the Generall aum 
of good fopefight and prouivence in all his actions, erected and fet out his flagge, by which bet 
called together the chieleſt men of che other hippes, that by the helpe and alliſtante of their coun 
ſels che oer of the gouernement, and conduction of the fippes in che whole voyage, migbe bet 
the better: who being come together acceding lp, they conclude aud agree, that ir any greatten· 
pelt Houle arife at any time, and happen to difperte and ſcatter them, euerp ſhippe ſhoulde inne 
udur dis beſt to goe to Mardhouſe, a hauen op caſtell of ſome name in the kingdome of Nor- 
pr er est arriuen there ett in ſaletie, ſhoulde ape aud expect che comming 


The very fame day in the afternoone, about foure of the clocke, ſo great a tempest fuvoenlye 
toſe. ano che Seas were ſo outragious, that the ſhippes toulde not keepe their iutended courl, 
but ſome were perforce miuen one wap, and ſome another way, to their great perill and besarte 


Richard Chaisceier, 


— A 
kit fopleafeoGon, They: 
n, another his hinfefotkes, am 
nd readie at the day 


re, and of the ſea, inſomuch thy 
rs gaue an Eccho. and them 
he nople thereok. One toore 
s friendes in the beſt mance be 
notes, anocher ſtanden m 
port, it was a very triumphe (a 
ding Edwarde (in reipettel 
khis ſickeneſſe was abfentfrom 
ntable aud moſt ſoꝛowfull att 


Iwiche, where they ſtayed an 
the turning of the water, and 
ated and came to Harwiche, 
fuming of time: pet at thelul 
ues to the fea, giuing their at 
they ſhoulde euer returne tu ſu 
ld not refraine from trares an 
ies of the fea they were to make 


arde Bonauenture, was nota 
is founde to bee coprupt, and pu: 
d were not ſtanch: his nam 
hinde him his two little fonnes, 


oughbie the Generall am 
et out his flagge, by whith bet 
pe and alliance of their coun: 


Rape aud expect che comming 


mppe, bias 
11 


ber, (banceler. of the Engliſh nation. 


aun me and like rage, was diſperſed ane let us. 2 ; 

he ſuippe baate of the Somirall (wae againd che ſhiype,) was ouerwhelmed in the 
fgigaud bictue of the MParriners of the Bonaucnture : anb as lo them that are alteadie retur- 
achand arviued,chep knolwe noching of the relt of the (xppes what was become ofthern, 

Burif it be fo, that anp milerable mitbappe haue ouettaken them, Al the rage and Curie of che 
Stn heut Deuourcd chofe good men oz il as pet they liue, and wander. vy and Downe in Arange 
Sauren mutt needes fap they were men worthy of better loztune, and if they be liuing, let vs 
viſbthem laletie and a good returne, but ik the true ltie al death hath taken holde of them, God 
ſende them a Chhiſtian graue and SDepuleipes- 

oive Richard Chanceler with bis 4 7 and companie being thus left alone, aud bee 
cone verp peullue, heaule, apd ſoztomlulb. bp this ndpertion of the Fleete, hee ( accopding to 
theopoer before taken, ) ſhapeth bis courſe fox W ardhouſe in Norway, there to expect and abide 
dearcinallot the reſt of chethippes, And being come chither, aud hauing ſtayed there the ſyace 
c. ye, and Looked in vaine foz their comming, he determined at length to poceede alone 
{athe purpoled ape And as hee was preparing humſelfe to nepart, it happened that hee fell 
incompanie aud ſpeache with certaine Mcottilbmen; who hauing vnderſlanding of bis inten 
tion, nd withing well to his actions, beganne earntitlp to dillwade him from the further profes 
cutionof che dilcouerie, bp amplifying the dangers which hee was to fall into, and omitted uo 
naſon that might ſerue to that purpole. But hee holding nothing fo ignominious and repꝛoch⸗ 
full as inconttancte and leuitie of minde, and perſwading bimlelle chat a man of valure coulde 
it tommit a moze diſhonourable part then fop feare of danger to auopde and Manne great ate 
tempts, was nothing at all chaunged op difcouraged with the ſpeaches and worden of the Scots, 
remapning ſtedfaſt and immutab le in his ſirſt reſolution: determining either to bring that to 
pale which was intended. o els to die the deach. 

Aud as fo them which were with matter Chanceler in his ſhippe, although they had great 
caufe of diſcomlozt by the loſſe of their compante ( whome the forefaide tempeſt had {cparated 
from them,) and were not a little troubled wich cogitations and perturbations of minde, in re⸗ 
fpectofeheit doubtfull courte: pet notwithſtanding, they tere of ſuch tonſent and agreement of 
nunde with maſter Chanceler, that they were refolute, and prepared vnder his Direction and 

o make proofe and triall ok all avuentures, w all feare 02 miſtruſt of future 
bangers, Mhich conſtancie of minde in all the companic did exceedingly increaſe their Caps 
taines tarefulneſſe: for hee being [wallowed vp with like good will and loue tawardes them, 
ſhoulde bee indanger 


poet cid 


mere 


in that Euan Vafiliuich (which was at that time their Kings name) ruled and gouerned 
DD 3 lurte 


283 


Tdey returns 


next peere 
not knowing 
what was bes 
come of kde 


other 2. h. 


W 


284. The voyages and diſcoueries ‘Richard Chanceley, 


farre and wide in thoſe places. And the barbartus Ruſſes afkes liketwife of our men hen, 
they were, and what they tame lor: twherewnte anſwere was made, that they were Engin 
ſent into tboſe coattes, fromthe mo excellent Ning CExwarde che Ure, dauing from him incom, 
maundement certaine things to delluer to theic King, and ſerking nothing cls, but bis emi 
and ſriendſbip. and tralique with bis people, whereby they doubted not. but that great commenige 
n pebarbarane hen thete Changes very easly, ane pumice ane furtheran 
e us heard theſe gladly, and 

to acquaine their king out of hande with ſo hene and teaſonable a requeſt. 

In the meane time matter Chancelour intreatev viceuals fop bis money of the gouetnom y 
that place, who together with others came aboope him, and required botages of them lad 
suite Auth mone atcance of ſaketie co himſelle, and his companie, Co twhome the Oouermam 
anſwertd that they knew not in that taſe che will oftheir king, but yet were Tolling in Fach ching 
as they might latwiully doe, to pleaſure bir which was ag then to alooꝛde him the benefice 
victuals. ; ' 

Nowe whiles theſe hinges were a doing, they fecretlp font a mellenger onte the Emperor, 
to certifie him ok the arriuall of a ſtrange nation, and withall to knowe his pleaſure Concerning 
them, Iibhich meflage was welcome onto bit, inſonnich chat boluntarilp hee imc 
them to tome to his Court, But ik by reaſon ofthe tedioulneſle of fo long a tourney, they 
it not bett (oto doe, then hee graunted libertie to bis lubtects tobargaine, and to traue wh 
them: and kurther pꝛomiſed, ( that il it woulde pleaſe them to come to him,) bee himſelle woaln 
beare the whole charges ol polte holes . In the meane time the gouernours ofthe plate ng, 
kerrevthe matter from day to day, yꝛetending Divers ercufes, and laying one while that the an 
ſent of all the gouernours, and another while, that the great and waightie affaires ol the 
dome compelled them to differre their anſwere: and this they vid ol purpole, fo lung to morrary 
the ee the melſenger ( ſent before to the king) did returne with relation of his will am 
pleaſure. 0 and 


0 


tame 


Richard Chanceley, 


thep 
1 — 
ing nothing els, but bis m 
d not but that great commit 


ence with long and vaine expen 
he matter off {0 often, ) was be 
y woudde not doe, hee tolde then 
¢ Moſcouites ( alchough ag 
in deede ofour men, whe 

A reſolued to furniſh our 
welente of their ng. An 
and moſt troubleſome, tobere: 


e, wet will Speake 


OFMol- 


daher ¶ banceller. ofthe Englith nation. 285 


Of Moſcouie, which is alſo called Rufsia. 


Ebats ep other e: next vnto theſe, more towards the Mouth, is Swecia, then Finlan- 


da hen Livonia, and la of ali Lituania. Chia Countrep of Mofcouie, hathalls very manp, 
e ee e and as fop the rivers, the greateũ, 
dun famous amongſt all the reit, isthat Ruſſes in their dune tongue call Volga, 
ut others know it by the name of Rha. Next onto it in fame, is Tanais, which they call Don, and 
she third Borifthenes, which at this day they call Ne per. Cwwo of hele, to wit, Rha, and Boriſihe- 
nen ung both but of one fountaine,tunne very karre though che land: Rha teceyuing many o- 
her pleaſant rivers into it, and aumning kom che ber ead op pati OF k oars che Cal aiter 

crooked turnings and mee be ſelke, aud all the other waters, and tiners, 
choc fale into it, by Diners paflages into the Caſpian Sea, Tanais, ſpzinging from a fvuntaine of 
gemname in thole partes, and growing great nerte to his head, tppens it lelle at length very 
faturlp,and makes a great lake: and then growing narrow againe , doth ſo runne for certaine 


mies, brill it fall into another lake, which they call Tuan : and there hence, fetching a very croos 


hen tourte, tomes very neere to the riuer Volga: but viſdaining as it were, the companie ol any 
other tiuer, doth there turne it ſelfe againe from Volga, and runnes toward the South, and fals 
at latt into the Lake ol Mceotis. Boriſthenes, which comes from the fame head that Rha 
nuch, (as wer {aide befoze) carieth both it felfe, and other waters that are neere vnto it, to: 
farts che South, not refuling, the mixture ok other ſmall tiuers: and running by many 
great and large Countreis, fals at laſt into Pontus Euxinus. Beſides theſe tiuers, are al · 


res 


k 


a: and 


Feed 72 e par ehe belie ee 
taken gap, that they eg fell downe, as men very neere dead, f eſbarpen 
atta roy climate bata tse South pare tte Canney, th are men 2 8 


Of Moſoo, che chiefe Citie of chekingdome,and of the Empe.: 


dur thereof. 


e. ge een Citie ol that Coumtey, 


allo, as beloze we haue pꝛomiſev. The Empire aud dee pe ig 


286 


2 — 
of building, 


The voyages and difcoueries Richard Chanceley, 


is very large. and his wealth . at. And beraute the citie of Moſcon ty 
cbiefeltof alithe ete (eemeth er ling eB pct — al 
that in b 8 — Muburbes thereol 
ny and great buildings in it. 2 — es, nothing comparable to oan 
ate many Totnes, and Gillages alſo, but built out of oder, and D uch no banfomnes; thee 
ſtreetes and wales are not with fone, as outs are: the wollen of ther boules ung 
Patt, are coucred with b Minais bonnes, Shere is beh pebe Ci 
a very faire fey sg and furnithed with artillerie, wbereunto the Citic is orn un 
tomarden t Nr 
eee eee 
ot 7 olga, * he lame Volga 
totyaroes he Car doch zimt into the conpanieof te stare Oca. . 
An che Cattle afopetapde, there are in number nine Churches, or Chappels noe altogeriye 
Her gee seid M ip ead ee after a toy, 
ed Gcuernour, and with him other reuerent Machers, all which for the greater 
dell wicinche Cattle, Ae foyrbe ings Tun ar, Palace, cis ned che cach cup 
foꝑme it is foure ſquare, and of lotve building, much ſurpalled and excelled by the beautie abe 
legancie of the houles of the Rings ol England. Che windowen are very narrotwly buik np 


fome ol them by glalle, ſome other bp lettiſſen abmitce the light: and wherras the Balla! 


out NMinces are decked, and adomed with hangings of clothe of golde, there is none fuch there 
they build ere the Court of the Emperar, 
but in all pꝛiuate mens hoults, 
Nome after that they had remained about ttuelue daien in the Citie, there was then 4 Selim 
ger ſent vnto them, to bing them to the Rings boule: and they being after a foxt twcaricd tah 
felt Tong ep, were very ready, and willing ſa to doe sand being entred within the gates ofthe 
very e of to the number of one hunden allay 
tip inclothofgolve, botone tthe — anv chere! hence being conducted into the chany 
er ol pꝛelente, our men beganne to wonder at the Maieſtie of the Emperour: 1 feate uus 
loft in a very ropall throne , bauing on his head Diademe, o Crowne of 
nuch a robe ail of Goldlmithen tuogke , ap in bis bande he helde a Scepter 9 
with pꝛetious tones sand N and apparances of honour, chere was a Weir 
in his countenance; popoptionable with the excellencte of bis cttates on tle one five of him fen 
Derretarie, on other fe, the grt at Commander of ſilente, both of them araperal 


the with a tobe of ſiluet, md 
bees alr ee e r enn 
mudes of the roome, uuode a mi my — à {quare fbote, whereuppon ſtoode al 
foa tounde booꝛde, io panes a — . beneath , and eng fi toppe um 
tole , and euery fteppe role nome then another, Cupboorve un 
placed the Cmperours plate, which was lo much, that che very hind felfe onset 
2 2 ot the iu of it xe tea: pte nee wets, and irene 6 ben 
y line golde: and amongelt otg of very large bignes, 

piv weng the ret of che plate, in great robattace: fon they — fab z that they chu 

3 at the leaſt, Eber . There were allo vpon e eee 


of out Fykins, us n referued 
mio ce Oe al tee ta ih CC eprint 


RSRELES 


Ca 


22 


1 


Richard Chanceler 


ah! AD ͤ—[——— 
scaute the citic of Molcoig thy 
in this véfcourte Out men trp, 
J oid win ours , 
1 no banfomnes; 
walles of cheit boutes i 
eg. There is hard by the Cin 
mtothe Citic is ioyned und 
Cattle are built with hicht any 
l. Thel ad te icc, ent 
Vhe ſame Vo attending 
ca. 0 


02 Chappels, not altogerter 
uer whome there is alter ax 
all which fon the greater 

tis notof chenesteb, at 
eee 
sare narrowlp built any 
$ and whereas the 1 


rolbe, there is none luchthn : 


u the Court of the Empernn, 


itie, there was then a Bell 
eing after a ſozt wearied tuch 
entred within the gates ofthe 
number of one hundzed ally 
being conducted into the cham 
e Emperour: bis ſeate wasy 
Crowne of golde, apparelien 
Scepter garnithen,and belt 
of honour, there was a Mui 
: onthe one fide ol him un 
lence, both of them arapedas 
yandfiftic in number, al in la 
fo great a Maieſlie of the En 
and haue Date chem oucof com 
Hall nothing dilmaied, faluen, 
nd withall, deliuered bute hin 
taken, x read the letterx, began 
king ꝛ whereunto our men 
d ſome thing to the Empem, 
being before all the time un 
them from his pꝛeſeute m 


ch, and callech them to dinner: 
all it, although not very kun) 
relled with a robe of ſiluer, an 
ainſt him, tte vowne zucht 


and towardeg the toppe u 
this Cupboonde vu 


al very large bignes, which 
i bigbe, that chey cought 


3 


ey Emperour, ę hauing lain ' 


ote, whereuppon ftoobe al 


epo felfe was {rant 
els, and goblets, was mate 


e ache Englith nation, 


table clothes, mhertuuto the 

vert Aller wuh che alſenth lie sche 

anp byead 07 kutfe into bis baud, doth fri of all 
peren fauour with the Emperour, lece vpon 

fares from him: and befone the comming in of the meace,the Emperour bimlelfe accopding to an 


geo i mecca bref this manner: The great Pal 
nD 


287 


des nd 
Sralbu fellowes cobe tut vp: which being perfourmed, the meate is then diſtributed to the 


Of the diſcipline of warre amongſt the Ruſſes. 


the iniuries of their neighbours doe call the King foorth to battell, he neuer 

Vernetb a leſſe number againſt the enemie then 3 oo. thouſand ſouldiers, too, thouſand 
tarieth out into the Geld with him, and leaueth the reſt in garriſon in ſome fit places, 
lache bette c faferic of bis Empire. He prefleth no huſbandmen. no; Marchaut: fon the Countrep 
uch of the Realme is ſufficient fo all his wars. 


Wimateten Eber rie wee {hort ſtirrop, after the manner of the Curkes : they ate a kinde 


—— . Sune ene 


Fiems chepe 


— 
> 


288 § Thevoyagesanddifcoueries \.SRéchard Chancel, 
all :they make no wings, nop militarte viutſions of their men, as we doe; but lying ti the m 
pert, in ambulh, doe ſudden ly ſet vpon the enemite. Cheir horfes can well abitame tuo bey 
daies from anp meate. They erde byon the barkes of trecs, and the moll tender branches in i 
the time ol warre, And this {cane and milerable manner of lining, both the bonfe and bis, Patt 
can well endute, ſometimes fon che (pace of two moneths, luſtie, and in god fate of bony, Af 
man behaue himſelle va liantly in the ſielde, tothe contentation of the Emperour, he 

vpon him in recompenle of his leruice ſume farme . o ſu much ground as he and his may line yp. 
on, which not withſtanding after his death returneth againe to the Empercur, if be dic wichours 
male ilſue. Fon although his vaug berg be neuer ſo manp, pet no part ol that inheritante coneg 
to them extept peraduenturethe Emperour of his goodnes, giue ſome portionof the land ama 
gell chem to beſtowe them withall. As for che man, whoſceuer he be, that is in this foe traue 
bp the Emperourz liberalttie, be ts bound in a great ſunmie, to maintaine fo many fouloierg in 
the warte, when neede (hall require, as that land, in the opinion of the Emperdur is able tom 
tatne . And all thole to whome anp land fals bp inberitance, are in no hetter condition: fh if they 
die without anp male illue, all their lands fals into the hands of the Emyperour : and moyoner, 
df there be any riche man amogſtthem, who in his owne perfonis vnſtt foꝛ che watres, ann yee 
bath ſurh wealch that thereby many able men and warriaꝛs might be maintained, if anpolthe 
Courtiers pꝛeſent his name tothe Emperour, the vnhappy man is by and by ſent fer, and in thy 
inſtant, depziuev of all his riches, which with great paine s, and trauel all his life tinte, he had go 
ten together: except perhaps ſome ſmall portion thereof be left him, to maintaine his wife, chi: 
den, and familie. But all this is done of all the people fo willingly at the Emperours conunm: 
dement, chat a man would thinke, they rather make reſtitution of other mens goods, then gin 
that which is their owne to other men. Nowe the Emperour hauing taken theſe goods into h 
hands, beſtoweth them among his Courtiers,accopning to their deſerts: xthe oftener that aman 
is fent to the warres the moze kauour he thinketh is bonne to him by the Emperour, althoughhe 
92 eae charge, as I ſaid beſoꝛe. Do great is the obedience ok all men generally 

eit Prince, ö 


Of the Ambaſſadors of the Emperour of Motconie: 


Teenage tins leſſe pompe and magnificence, chen chat which we haue {pokenef, 
A fends his Ambaſlavoꝛs to foren Princes,in the affaires of Rate, Foꝛ while our men ben 
abiding in the Citie ol Moſco, there weretwo Ambalſtwozs ſent to the king ol Poland 
Med with 500. notable hoꝛſe, and the greater part of the men were arraicd in cloth of golbe, in 
ol lille, and che woꝛſt apparell was of garments of a blewe colour, to fpeake nothing of chetrap 
pings of che hoꝛſes, which were adozned with gold and ſiluer. aud very turiouſly embnoverenstiey 
das alle wich them one hundzed white and faire ſpare hozſes, to vie them at finch times a 
Wearines came vpon chem. But nowe the time requireth me to {peake briefly of other Cites 
the Moſeouites and of the wares and commodities that the Countrey peeldeth. ö 


N | Nouogorode. 


Ne ace one Citie of Nouogorode is reputen the chiefeſt of Ruſſia : m althongh 
it be in Maieſtie inferio to it, vet in greatnes it goeth beyond it. It is the chiefeſt and ger 
telt Marte Towne ok all Moſcouie: and albeit the Emperours ſente is not there, but at Molo; 
pet the connnodivuſnes of the riuer, falling into that gulte, which is called Sinus Finnicus iht 
byit is well frequented by Mart hauts, makes it moe famous, then Meſeo it felfe, This tun 
excels all the reſt in the commonities of llaxe, and hempe sit peeldes alſo hives, honie, and mum, 
The Flemmingsthere, ſometimes had a houle of marchandize, but by reaſon that they biene 
lite ent beating there which chep did wich bs they loft their prinileoyes, arctticucion hem 
urnelkly fred fopat the time chat our men were there. But thoſe Flemmings hearing ote 
arriuall ot᷑ our men in thoſe partes, note their letters tu the Emperour againſt them, accu 
them foi pirats and rouers, duſbing him to detaine, and impulon them. Ihich things whenche⸗ 
were knowen of our men cher conceauedfeare that they ſiould neuer hau returned home. In 
the Emperour beleeutng rather the Kings letters, which aur men bauugbe, then che lying 
falle ſuggeſtions of the Flemmings vſed un ill inttentie towardn them. 

OD on Yeraflane 


1) pea 


Sar es wa 


BESCHES2¢97- 3 <= 


Tie 


Richard Chanceler, | , d(banceler. ofthe Enplith nation. 


we doe; but lying fs the mug - 
cn wel aban Ca : Yeraflane 
teudet all alfoiga Towne of ſome good lame, fo the commodities of hives, tallo we, and tome, 
boch the borfe and his Mul Nabe peeives in e Cakes of waxe are there alfo to be ſolde, although 
md in good ſtate of bony, Ff N arr places haue greater one: this Ycraflaue is diſtant from Moſco about two hne miles: 
te Conperou 5 de a tetuisedhen are manp populous villager, Chetr leider pech fuch oye of copne, eat in con- 
cunbas be and his map tine tetoardes Mofco , fonretimes in a forencone, a man thall fee {even hundred of eighe 
Emperor, if be die withouta iumentieds , going and comming, laden wich come annfaic ithe s the people come athouland 
am of that tnberitance comes mies toMofco,to bap chat come, and then carrpit awap bponfleds: anvebefe are thole people 
fonte yo the ant ar well in che Horch parts, where the cold is fo terrible, thar no come doch grotchere, pif it 
be, thats tn win foyeeretoaney frien tp it neuer comes toripenes . The commoditers that thep bung with chem, art fate fhe, 
naintaine fo many fouloiers in Wants d hydr. 
the Wee é 
u no better condition: fe N 
E che Emperour: aud mont, Vologda. g 
is vnftt fan the warres, de Ologda being from Moſco. 5 30. miles, peeldes the cummudities of hempe, and flare alforale 
night be maintained, if any ofthe Vöngsch greatelt Mone of flare is ſolde at Nouogrode. 
is by and by ſent fo, and in th 
rauel all his like time, he had geo Pleſ co. 
him, to maintaine his twife, chil i 
fly at the Emperours comm. r of Pleſco is frequented ol Marchants fop the good ftope of honie, and ware, that 
f other mens goods, then gin kpeeldeth. a 
se 77 N r e Col 
delerts: the oltener that aman olmagro. 
nby the Emperour, although he ö gt 
bedience ok all men generallye Porth patts ot Ruſſia peelve very rare and precious ſuinnes: and amongelt che reit, 
a 5 thote puntipally, which we call Bablet, wonme about the neckes of our Noble women, and 
8 Lanies it hath allo Mart pns ſkinnes, white, blacke,and red Fore fhinnes,{kinnes ol Pate, and 
wr of Mofcouie. . 


pos ee others, which they call and terme batbarotifly,as Beuers,Diures, and Winiuers, 
Aken wioy ning breedes a cercaine beak, which they call the Mors, which ſerbeth his foode vy 
chat which we haue fpokend, nhetockes climing vp wi h the helpe of his teeth. The Rufles vle ta take them, loz the great 
eftate, Foz while our men ben vertue that is in their teeth, whereofthep make as great accompe , as wedoe of the Elephants 
t to the king of Poland,arcompe teeth, hele commodities hep carp vpon Deeres backes to the cotune of Lampas : and from 
mere arraied in cloth of golbe, in tente to Colmagto and there in the winter time, are kept great Faires loꝛthe fale of them. This 

of ii Colmagro, ſerues all the Countrey about it wich fale, and fate lie. The Ruffles atfoot 


( ey peeldeth. f ig th! 
‘ Of controuerfies in Lawe,and how they are ended. 


ur Auing hitherto ſpoken fo much of the chieleſt Cities ol Ruſſia, as the matter required: it res 
he chiekelt of Ruſſia: m although 5 that wee ſpeake ſome what ofthe lawes, that the Mofcouits doe vſe, as farte foot 
Fond it. It is che chielelt aun gur ache lame are come to dur knowlevge. I any controuerlie arife among them they irt make 
3 lente is not there, but at Molto cher Landlods Judges in the matter. and il they can not ende it, then they preferre it tothe Was 
ch iscalled Sinus Finnicus ut dne. Che plainttf craueth oi the fain Magilirate, chat he map haue leane to enter lame again 
den Mofco it lelfe. Chistutme Warueriarie : and hauing obtained it, che officer keteheth the velendant, and beateth bim on the 
Pines allo hives, honie, and wart Lopes tll be bung Foozch a ſuretie fo; him: but if he be not of luch crevite, as to pꝛotute a furetic, 
"but by reaton that they vlt deere bis hands by an officer tied to his necke and he is beaten all the way, till he come before 
diutlenges, arettitucion be I SH Tage. Che urge then atherh him (as fo) example in the matterof bebe) whether be oweth 
chofe Flemmings heaving ots fad nt ih oda it then faith the Judge, how tanſt thou deny itd che delen 
mperbur agra g dant anifiverech,by an othe sthereuppon the officet is commaunded to teaſe from beating of him, 
them, Wichtige thence f Milde maccerbe kurther tried. hep haue no Latopers, but euerp mar is bis one Aduocate, 
never baut returned bone, In I va bechthe complameafehe acctefersand che anfiner ofthe detnbant , are in manner of petition 
tnongrbe then the leinen wiheredto the Emperour, intreating iuttice at his banos, The Emperour himlelle heareth eue · 
Yeraflaue 


Fer eontronerlie, and vpon the hearing okit, giuerh iudgement, and that eich great equitic, 
Wich de to be ating wonhie of fpetiall . Pin, Du ale 
banhbe dothis with a good purpole of mind, yet the coprupe Magi raten de: wonderfully per- 

. wert 


b very turiouſly embpoverenstixy the Rub parts, fend thither ofle, which they call tratne, which they make in a riuer called · Vina, « 
to ote best 25 times as m achount it be alfo made elle where: and here they ve to boile the water of the fea, whereof hep ue 
ſpeahe byiefip of ather Citi mie berp great ſtode of (ale. 5 


290 The voyages and difcoueries ‘Richard Chanceler 


uert the lame: but it the Emperour take chem in aup faule, he doch punith them moſt truey 
Now at the laſt, when ee ble N er tauſe with bis belt realons the 5 
dech of che accuſer whether, pach ang rete co Cap fopbirnfete she anftoeret, that be beigen 
matter in fight by din Champion, o elle intreateth that in fight berwirt themſelues, the man 
map be ended: which being granted. they both fight it out: op if bothof them, oz either ofthem, 
feeme unlit fo chat kind of ktlall chen thep haue publike Champions to be lured, which line by 
ding of quatrels. Theſe Champions are armed with pron ages, and {peares, and fighcon ey, 
aud he whole Champion is ouercome, is bp and by taken, and impuſoned, and terribiy 

vntill he agree with his aduet ſarie. But il either of chem be of any good calling, and degree, un 
Doe challenge one another tofight,the Judge granteth it: in tubich cafe they may not vie pablity 
Champions . And he chat is or any goad birth, dotb concemme the other il he be baſely bunt m 
will not light with him. Na pooꝛe man happen to growe in debt. his Credit; cakes him, dem 
keth him pay the debt, in working either to himſelle, oz to ſome other man, whofe wages be taketh 
vp. And chere are ſome among them that vle williugly to make themſe lues, their wines, ann chi, 
den, bondllaues vnto rich men, to haue a little money at the firſt into their handes, and fo fon ture 
after contents themlelues with meate and dpinke : ſo litle accompt doe they make of libertie, 


Of punifhments vpon theeues. 


If any man be taken bpon committing of heft, he is impzifonen,ond often beaten , but not hm 
fo2 che Girl offence,as the manner is wich vs: and this they call the lawe of mercie. Here 
deth the ſecond time, hath his nok cut off, and is burnt in the forehead with a hot pn, Che 
thirdtime. he is hanged. There are many cutpurſes among them, and ik the rigour of the prince 
did not cut them oll they could not be auoided. N 


eren 


of their religion. 


Tn of che Greeke Church : they ſuffer no grauen images ol fins 
incheix Churches, but their pictures painted in tables they haue in great abundance, which 
they do adohe, and offer buto, aid burne ware candles befone them, and cat holy water vpon then 
without other honour. They lay that our images, which are let vy in Churches, and came un 
no diuinitie in them. In their primate houſes, (hey haue images for their houſhold faints, non 
che malt part, they are put in the darkrelt place of the houſe: he that comes into his nei 
houſe, doth lirſt falutc his ſaints although be Ge chem not. any fooꝛme oz Moole ſtand in bis buy 
be oftentimes beateth his none bpon the fame, and often ducking downe with his head dle 
dye, wolſhippetb the chiefe Image. The babice, anv attire of the Wriettes, and of the Laymes, 
doth nothing at all differ: as for marriage, it is foꝛbidden co no man: onelp this is receaue, 
aud helde amongſt them fo? a rule. and cultome, that if a Bꝛieſts wife doe die, he may not marty 
againe, noz take a ſecond wife: and therefore they of fecular Hieſtes, as thep call them are mae 
Moukes to whome then chattieie for euer is commanded, Their deuine ſeruite is al doue, ada 
in their oune language, that euery man map vnderſtand it: they reteaue the Loes Supper 
with leauened bean, and ef: che conlecration , they tarry it about the Church in a ſa wier in 
probibite no man from receauing and taking of it, that is willing fo to doe. They vie beth ht 
Olde, aud che Rewe Ceilament, and read both in cheir owne lunguage, but fo confuleoly , he 
they theme lues that doe read, vnderſtand not what themſelues doe lay: and while anppattel 
either Teſtamentis read, there is libertie giuen by cuſtome to mattle, talke, and make a bolt: 
but in the time ol the reſt al the ſeruice, they vle very great ſilence, anvreuerence, md beym 
themſelues very modeſtly, and in good fort. As touching the Lopves praier, the tench nn em 
gelt them knowes it not: and fo the articles ol our faith and the ten commandements, no my 
at the leaſt, very fetwe of them doe either know them, oz can ſaythem: their opinion is, chat lug 
ſetrete and holy things as they are ſhould not raſhly and impzudently be communicated with h 
tommon people. Chep holde for a Maxime among chem, that the olde Lawe, aud the commer 
dements allo are all abolithen by the death and blood of Chpiſt: all Quoies and letters of bum 
225 ee conterning the Latine, Greeke, and Hebzue tongues, they are alu 
gnoꝛant 8 
Euery eee ee which chey cal accopding to che names elch 
2 
of 


SEP Sse epe2e2 2S Fe mss Se Se ee swaasa 


EN 


op 


Maincts: che firk es wich them, at the time that our L ent beginnes, The fecond is cin 
amongſt them the fall of S. Peter. The third is taken lrom the day of the Ciegin Mace. we 


‘Richard Chanceler, 


— 
e both punith them mot (euetlp, 
his bet reafons,che Judge denn 
she anlwerrth that he till erie te 
betwixt themſelues, the mane 
if bothof them, op eicher of them, 
pions to be hired, which linebye, 
8, and ſpeates, and figbtun frets, 
mpnſoned, and terrtbly hani, 
np good calling, and degree, un 
hich cafe they may not ble publitg 
the other he be baſely bone an 
t, his Creditor takes him, edgy 
cher man, whole wages he tau 
themſelues their wiueg, audch 
into their handes, and ſo ia tun 
npt doe they make of libertie, 


ecues. 


ner, and often beater , but nehm 
pp tall the lawe of mercie. hechn 
he forehead with a hot pron, Che 
em, and ifthe rigour of the pune 


ſuffer no grauen images of faints 
ep haue in great abundance, wich 
and cat holp water vpon chem, 
t vp in Churches, and cauud han 
es for their houſhold faints, nin 
he that comes into his neighbous 
y fomme oz ſtoole ſtand in bis twp, 
ing downe with his hem abe 
the Pꝛieſtes, and of the Lynn 
no man: onelp this is reteund, 
its wife doe die, he may not marty 
ieſteg, as they call them, are mae 
ir deuine ſeruite is al done anna 
they receaue the Loves Supper 
bout the Church in a ſa wer m 
Ting ſo to doe. They vie bechch 
ge, but fo confuſedly, cha 
doe lay: and while mn 
a attle, talke, and mate ant: |B 
filence, and reuerence, nden 
andes praier, the centh mn me f 
he ten commandements, no 
pthem: theit opinion is, thet 
rently be tommunicated wic ht 
at the olde Laine, and che cam 
Es all ſtudies and letters of hum 
Vebzue tongues, they are io 


y tal arconding to the nates oft 


Che ſecond is tiln 
e day of the Chingin Marie. uf 


Richard Chanceler. 


; laft,beginnes vponS. Philips dap. But as we begin aur Lent vpon Menſday, ſo they 
5. vpon the Bundap. Upon the Saturday they eate fleſh: whenfoencranp ofthole 
g Feattes dor Date neere, louhe what werke doth immediatly goe beloꝛe them, the fame 
vert they line cone vpon white meates , and in their conunon language, thep call thole 
3 57 75 of their kaſtes the neighbours euery where coe from one to another, and wifite one 
and kilſe one another with killes of peace in token of their mutuall loue, and Chniſtian 
concoqn sanbeen allo they doe moze often then at any other zune, goe ta the holie Communion. 
hen leuen dates are pat, from the beginning ok the fait, then they often doe either goe to their 
Cynches oz keepe themſelues at home, and vſe often pꝛaier: and foz that ſeuennights, they eate 
yothing but hearbes: but after that ſeuennight faſt is once pall, then they returne to their old in 
emperancie of drinking, fox they are notable tofpots. As forthe keeping of their fatting daies, 
they doe it very ſtreightly, neither doe they eate any thing befives hearbes, and fale liſhe, as long 
asthole falting ae endive s but vpon euery Menlday and Fridap, in euery wecke through 
ere, tbey falt. b 
1. — are very many Monaſteries ok the oder ofS. Benedict, amnougſt them, to which many 
get luings fo) their maintenante doe belong: forthe Friers and the Wonkes, doe at the leak 
pollele the third part of the liuing s chꝛoughout the whole Mofcouite Empire: tothoſe Monkes 
chat are of this oder, there is amongeſt them a perpetuall pꝛohibition that they may eate no Heth: 
and there faxe their meate is onely fale liſhe, milke, and butter: neither is it permitted them bythe 
luwes, and cutomtes of their religion, to eate any freth fifth at all: and at thole foure faſting times, 
tuhervof we (pakke bekoꝛe, they cate no liſhe at all: onely they liue with hearbes, and cucumbers, 
which they doe continually for that purpofe tauſe, and take oꝛder to grow and ſyꝛing, for their vſe 
und diet. 

Qs fo their dꝛinke, it is very weake, and mall: foꝛ the diſcharge of their office, they doe euery 
day fap ſeruite, and that earelp in the moꝛnings before dap: and they doe in ſuch fopt,and with ſuch 
obſernation begin their leruite, that they will be ſure to make au ende of it,before day: and about 
unc ok the clocke in the mozning, they celebzate the Communion. Then they haue fo done, they 
goeto dinner, and after dinner, they go againe to ſeruice, and the like alſo after ſupper: and in the 
mneane time. while they are at dinner, there is ſome expoſition, oz interpretation of che Goſpel vled. 
Abenſoeuer any Abbot of any monafterie diech, che Emperour taketh all his houtholve 
malle, beaſtes, flockes of heeve, golde, ſiluer, and all that he hath: op els hee that is to ſucceed 
05 inhis place and dignitie, doch redeeme all thoſe thinga, and buiech them ok the Emperour 

Their churches are built of timber, and the towers of their churches for the moſt part are cos 
nerd with hinge booꝛves. At the voored of their churches, they vſually huild force eutrante op 
paych as we doe, and in their churchyatdes they erect a certaine houle of wood, wherein they {ee 

te bels, wherein ſometimes they haue but one, in ſome two, and in ſome alfo three, . 

There is one vie and cuſtome amongſtthem, which is range and rare, but pet it is very ridi⸗ 
ilous, and that is this: when any man dieth amongſt them, they take the dead body and put it in 
Atoffiue oz cheſt, and in the hand of the toꝛps they put a litle ſcrole, and in the ſame there are theſe 
undes written, that the ſame man died a Ruſſe of Ruſſes, hauing receiued the faith, and died in 
the lame. This wꝛiting oz letter they fap they ſend to S. Peter, who reciuing it (as they alfirme) 
ttades it, and by and by admits hun into heauen, and that his glozy and place is higher and grea⸗ 
ti then the gloꝛy of the Chyilliaus of the Latin church, reputing themfelues to bee followers of a 
‘mone lintere faith and religion then they: they hold opinion that wee are but halfe chyiftians, and 
thantelues onely to bee che true and perfect church: thele are the fool) and childiſh dotages of 
ſuchignozaut Barbariaug. 


‘ofthe Engliſh nation. 


Of the Moſcouites that are Idolaters, dwelling 
neere to Tartaria. 


amu 
N 

124 

Noa} 


chem which they call the Golden old wife, and they haue a cufboine that whenſoeuer a⸗ 
p Plague oy any calamitie doeth afflict the countrep,as hunger, watre, oz Cuch like, then 


Hep toe by and by to conſult with their idoll, which they doe after this manuer; thep fall 
donne prorate bekcze the idoll, and pape bute it, and put in the eleuce of ty 
Ral e. 1. acpmball: 


291 


Note. 


bere isa certaine part of oſtouie, boꝛpering vpon the countries ol the Tartars, thers Aurea verula.og 
acboſe Moſcouits p diwelf are very great idoläters: they baue one famous idol anongſt b 


292 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries The Emperors lettey, 
acpmball, and about the fame certaine perſdus tand, which are choten among chm ih lan yp 


icke place a luce cone-anb lombibe cymbal anbta nbomnforuer of 
tbe gue be taken, ano bp ana ane and immediate ly, Auch me hh m 


Of the forme of their priuate houſes, and of the 


apparell of the people. 7 
ma Weconmon houfes ofthe countrey are euerp where built of beameg of Fine 
a treentbe lower beames do ſo reteiue the round hol owneſſe of the v 

b che meanes of the building thereupon, they refitt, and expell all windes that 
ise Vlowe, and tubere the timber is ioinedtogerher, there they Mop the chinkes inp 
molle. Che fore and fathion oftheir houles in all places is foure {quare, with 
= ftraigit and narow windowes, whereby with a tranſparent taſement mare a 
cduered with ſkinne like to parchment, they rectiue the light. Che roles of their houleg are mane 
Of bocnves coucred without with the barke of trees: wichin their houles they haue benches a 
griezʒes hard by their wals. which commonly they fleepe vpon, forthe common people know ng 
the vſe ol beds: they haue flonres wherein in the moming they make a fire, and the fame five doo 
either moderately warme, oꝛ make very hote the whole houſe. 

The appatellot᷑ che people fon the moſt partis made of wooll, their caps are picked like vntos 
rike oꝛ diamond, bꝛoad beneath, and ſharpe vpward. In the maner of making whereof, there is 4 
figne and reppefentation of nobilitie: to the loftier on higber their caps are, the greater is theit bin 
ſuppo ſed to be, and the greater reucrence is giuen them by the connnon people, 


The Concluſion to Queene Mary. 


5beſearecbechings mot excellent Queene, which pour Subietts newiy returned fun 
uta baue brought home concerning the fate of that countrey: wherefore if yourms 
ieee Chatl be faudurable, and graunt a continuance ofthe trauell chere is no doubt bit 
that the hondur and renotume of porte name will be ſpꝛed amongſt thoſe nations, when 
VVV to whom no man hath 
ene comparable. 


) 
| 


The copie of the Duke of Mofcouie and Emperour of Rufsia 
his letters ſent to King Edward the fixt, by the hands of Richard 


Chanceler. 


be Almightic power of God andthe incomprehentible holie Trinitie, rish 
|. 6) x. my full Christian beliefe, ec. Ce great Duke Iuan Vaſileuich, bp the geaceel 
G Whey God Emperour of all Ruſſia, and great Duke of Viademerskij, Moskouski, 
Nouogrodskij, Cazanskii, Pskanskii, Smolenskii, Tuerskij, Hugorski, 
; >I Permskii, Veatski iBolgarskii, with diuers other lands, Emperour allo and 
great Duke of Nouogoroda, ànd in the lowe Countries of Chernigoucli, 
Rezanskii, Volotskii,Refskii, Belskii, Roftouskii, Yaroflauskii, Belocherskii, Oodorskii, Ob- 
dorskii,Condinski,and many other Countreis,Lopv ouer all the orth coall greeting. 
Befope all right great and woꝛthy of honour, Edward Ring of England, ec. accopding to eit 
moſt hartie and good ʒeale, wich good tient and friendly deſire, and according to our holy Chi 
an faith, and great gouernance, and being biche light of great vnderſtanding, dur anſ were by tis 
our honourable writing vnto pour kingly gouernante, at the requett of pour faichfull feruant,Ri- 
chard Chanceler, wich bis companie. as they ſhall let you wiſely knotw,is thus, In the ttrength 
of the twentieth peere of our gouernante, be it knowen, that at our fea toaſtes, arriueda Kipp, 


with one Richard and his companie,and ſaid, that be was defirons to come into our Dominions, 
Chat is, come mr l requett hach ſeene our Maieſtie, and“ our eies: and hath declared vnto v 
ieſtie 


ne. . your 8) # deſtre. as that we ſbould grant vnto pour fubiects, to goe and come, anv in our do 
mintons and among our ſubtects, to frequent free Warts, wich all fortes of marchandipes and oy 
wn the fame to hae tunen top thek return, Aunthep bane alt belinecen vs pour letters, wit 


= 


= WSS ES5. 2S U 


t= 
* 
2 


be Emperors léttep, 


— — 
boſen amongſt them by lot: 
to whomſdeuer in und 
ediatelp, I knom not by 

doth reueale and deluer the ray 
pacific the idoll, they are deu 


„ and of the 


phere built of beames of Fine 
lo wneſſe of the v 

refit, and expell all windes that 
therethey tap the chinkes uh 
all places is foure {quare, wit 
tranſparent taſement made a 
roofes of their houſeg are nude 
ir houles they haue bencher n 
the common people know unt 
ke a fire, and the fame fire pony 


heir taps are picked like tntos 
of making whereok, there (4 
ips are, the greater is their bin 
mon people. 


Aary. 

Dubierts newly returned ftom 
duntrey : where fore if your ms 
e trauell, chere is no doubt but 
amongſt thofe nations, there: 
acteſſe, to whom no man bath 


mperour of Ruſsia 
hands of Richard 


henfible holie Trinitie, vist 
ian Vafileuich, by the graceof 
of Viademerskij, Moskouski, 
lenskii, Tuerskij, Hugorski, 
erfanns, Emperour alto and 
Countries of Chernigouski, 
Belocherskii, Oodorskii, Ob. 
orth coat, greeting. 

England, er. accopding to ont 
d accoꝛding to our holy Chit: 
rſtanding, our anſ were by this 
t of pour faithful ſeruant d 
o knoſn is thus, In the ttrength 
r fea toaſtes, arriued a Kipp, 
to tome into dur Dominions, 
8: and hath declared vnto vs 
to goe and come, and in our do 
ſotes of marchandizes and by 
liuered vs pour letters, de 


. 


of the Englith nation. 


setare she fame requett, And bereupon we haue grinen opber, thut wherefoeuer pour Faithfull ler. 
yant Hugh Willoughbic Land on touch in our dominions to be well entertained, who as pet is not 
ſeruant Richard can declare, 


293 


age ch cfptian belefe and fathfuinel, anv accoybing to pour honourable requeſt, and 


amp bonourable commannderttent will not leaue it vndone, and are furthermoꝛe willing that you 
lm wato 08 pour ſbips and veſlels, when and as often as they may haue pallage, with good aflus 
ranceon our part to fee them harmeleſſe. And ik pou ſend one of pour maieſties coun ſell to treate 
nich vs whereby pour ccuntrep merchaunts map hath all kindes of wares, and where thep will 
their market in our Dominions, they ſhall haue their free Marte with all free liberties 
my whole dominions with all kindes of wares, to come and goe at their pleaſure, without 
aay let dantage, or impediment,accopding to this our letter, our word and our ſeale which we haue 
unded to be vnder (ealed, Mutten in our dominion, in our towne and our palace in the ca 

ffirof Moſco, in the pere ſeuen thouland and ſxtie che ſecond moneth of Febyuarie, 


Chisletter was witten in the Poſcouian tongue in letters much like to the Geeeke letters, ve. 
sp faire written in paper, wich a broad ſeale hanging at the fame, ſealed in paver vpon ware, This 
ale was much like the broad ſeale of England, hauing on the one five the image of a mã an hozle⸗ 
bachein complete harneſle figheing with a magon. Under this letter was another paper witten in 
he Durhtongue, which Was the iucerprctation of the other wpitcen in the Molcouian letters. 
Chee letters were ſent the nert yerre after the date of king Edwards letterg, 15 5 4. 


The coines, waights and meafures vſed in Ruſſia, written 
by Iohn Haſſe, in the yeere, 1 5 5 4. 


Oꝛalmuch as it is moſt neceſſary fox all merchants which ſeeke to haue traffique in 
any ſtrange regions, firſt to acquaint themſelues with the coines of thole landes 

( with which they doe intend to ioine in traffique, and howthep are called from the 
valuation of the hig helt piece to the loweſt, and in what fox they make their pai⸗ 
ments as alſo what thett common waigles and meaſures be, For theſe cauſes J 
, haue thought good to wite ſome thing thereof accoꝛding to mine olune know⸗ 
lage and experience co the end that the merchants of that new Aduenture, map the better vnder⸗ 
md low the wealth of that new frequented trade will ariſe. 


Fit, it is to be noted that the Emperour of Ruſſia hath no other cones then ſtluer in all his N papi 


lid which goeth fo? paiment 


amongſt merchents, yet notwithſtanding there is a coine of copper, dur ali of dis 


which lerueth for che reliefe of the pooze in Moſco, and no where els, and that is but onelp fo; quas, * 


paterand fruite, as nut, apples, and ſuch other like. The name of which money is called Pole oz 
Poles, of which oles there goe to the leaſt of the ſiluer coines, 18. But J will not ſtand vpon 
lit berauſe it is no currant money among merchants. | 

Ol luer coines there be theſe fortes of pieces: the leaſt is a Poledenga, the ſecond a Denga, 
chethird Now grote, which is as much to fay in Engliſh as halfepenie, penie, and two pence, and 
Mother balued money then this. chert is none: there are oftentimes there coines of gold, but they 
come out ok koꝛren countries, whereot there is no oꝛdinarie valuation, but they pale accopding to the 
agreement ol merchants. 

Their onder in ſumming of money is this: as we fay in England, halfepenie. penie, Chilling and 
pound, fo fay they, Poledenga, Denga, Altine and Rubble: There goeth two Poledengas to a 
Denga,fig Dengaes to an Altine, and 23. Altines, and two Dengaes to a Rubble. 

Concerning the waights ol Ruſſia they are theſe . There are two ſoztes ol pounds in vſe amonglt 
them the one great the other ſmall: the great pound is tuff two ſmall pounds: they call the great 
haight by the name of Beaſemar, andthe ſmall they call the Skallawaight: with this {mall waight 
they wrigh their ſiluer coines,of the which the Emperour hath commaunded to put to euery {mal 
pound thꝛee Rubbles of ſiluer, and with the fame waight they weigh all Grocerie wares, and als 
moft all other wares which come into the land except thoſe r tg by the Pode, as hops 
alt. ion lead. tinne and batrie wich diners others: notwithſtanding they vle to weigh batrie more 
often bythe ſmall waight then by the great. ’ 

Mihenfoener pou find che prices of pour wares rated bp che Pode, confiver that to be the great 
might. and the pound to be the ſmall. Alſo they deuideche ſmall pound into 48. parts, and they cal 
the eight and foꝛtieth part a Slotnike, bythe which Slotnike the retatlers {ell their wares out ol 


Nut, 


cher hoppes, as Goldſmiths, Grocers, Sükelellers and uch other lite as we doe vſeto << 


Ee. 2. 


294 


e waight o 
ardhouſe. 


The Kuſſla 
mealures. 


tn cloth. is the 
mealure of 
Dantke, 

Che Turkes 
and Arineni ; 


ans pap cus 
ſtome. 


rois beaine, 


Che uteb 
nation loſt 


à hozſe. 


Che Dutch nation are free of this: notwithſtanding for certaine offences, they had lott theit 
pꝛiuiledges which they haue recoucred this Sommer to their great charge. It was reported to 
die pitutteds mee by a Juſtite of that countrep, that they paied foz it thirtie thoufand Nubbles, and allo thet 
newen them Rye, Dorpte and Reuell haue peelded themſelues vnder the gouernement of the Emperour of 
unn pa great Ruſſia: whether this was a bꝛagge ofthe Ruſſes op not, I know not, but thus he ſayd, and in dew 

whiles wee were there, there came a great Amballadour out of Liffeland, fop the alſuranceoktheit 


puuiledges. 


To (peake ſomewhat of the commodities of this countrep, it is to bee vnderſtood, that there is 
Gye commos a tertaine place foure ſcope miles from the Sea called Colmogro: tu which place there refore 
Reus ermal allebe fortes of ares that are in the Roth partes, as Diles, Salt, Drackfithe, Salmon, Fe 

thers and Furres : their Salt they make of {ale water by the Sea five : el. ir Diles they make ol 
Seales, whereokthey haue great ope which is brought out ofthe Bay? here our ſhippes came 
in: they make it in the Popping of the peere, and bring it to Colmogre és ſeli, and che merchants 
there carie it to Nouogrode, and fo ſell it tu the Dutch nation. Their Stockliſh and Salmon 
commeth from a plate called Mallums, not farre from WMardhouſc: their Salmon and their 
Salt they carrie to Moſco, and their d fithe they carry to Nouogrode, and fell it there to the 


Leeflanders, 


The Furres and Fethers which cometo Colmogro, as Sables, Beauers, Winkes, Arm, 
Lettis, Graies, TMooluerings. and white Fores, with Deere Chines, they are brought thither, 
by the men of Penninge, Lampne, and Powſtezer, which fetch them from the Samoydes that 
are counted ſauage people: and the merchaunts that bring theſe Furres, doe vſe to trucke wth 
the merchants of Colmogro fox Cloth, Tinne, Batrie, and luch other like, and the merchants 
ot Colmogro carrie them to Nouogrode, Vologda, o 
thers which come from Penning they doe little efteeme, 

our merchants doe defire to know the meeteſt place ol Ruſſia ko ther ſtanding houſe, in mine 


The voyages and diſcoueries 
Pon Oe en — . ]—ͤ— p . — 
by che ounces aud as fo their great waigbt which they call the Beaſtmar. they fell by pode 
pond, A doth containe of the great waight, 30. pounds, and of the ſmall 80, N 
des to a ſbippond. 
E. det pan mul confer that their great toaighe is not full with ours: for A cake not their grea 
poundto be full 1 3. ounces, but aboue 12. J chinke it be. But for pour iuſt proofe, wnigh ö. tub 
bles of Ruſſia monep with our pound waight, and then thall vou fre what it lacketh: for 6. rubliß 
ok Ruſſia is bythe Emperours ſtanderd, the great pound: fo that I thinke it the next way toknaty 
the iult waigbt, as well ofthe great pound as of the ſmall. 

There is another waiglt needefull to be knowen, which is the waight of CCTardhoule, fon fo 
much as they weigh all their Nyliſhe by waight, which waight is the Balemare, as chepof Raul. 
ſia doe ble, notwithſtanding there is another fort in it: the names of chole waights are there; the 
marke pound, the great pound, the weie, and the hippond, Che marke pound is to be vnderlund 
as our pound, and their great pound is 24. oktheir marke pound: the weie is 3. great pound, and. 
weie is a ſhippond. N 

owe concerning their meaſures. As they haue two ſoztes of waights, fo they haue alto tug 
fortes of meaſures: where with they meaſure cloth both linnen and woollen: they call the one an 
Areſhine, and the other a Locut: the Areſhine I take to bee as much as the Flaunders ell, any 
their Locut halle an Engliſh pard: with their Areſhine they may mete all {uch fortes ok clothes 
as tommeth into the land, and withthe Locus all ſuch cloth both limen and woollen, as they make 
themfelues, And whereas wee vſe to giue pard and inch, oz pard and handfull, they doe give nos 
thing but bare mealure. 

They liaue alſo a meaſure wherewith they doe mete their cone which they call a Spetfoorteh, and 
the balfe ofthat an Olmine: this Detlooꝛth J take to be thꝛee buthels of London mealure. Anoag 
foztheit dꝛinke mealure, they call it a Spanne, which is much lite a bucket, and ok that J news 
Themeafure lalue anp true rate, but that ſome was greater then other ſome. And as forthe mealures of und 
of coc cpr boule wherewith they mete their cloth there is no difference between that e che mealure ol Danske, 
which is halle an Englich ell. 

Concerning the tolles and cuftomes of Ruſſia, it was repoꝛted to mee in Mofcouia, that the 
Turkes and A rmenians pay the tenth penie cuſtome of all the Mares they bring into the Empe 
rours land, and aboue that they pay for all (uch goods as they waigh at the Emperorrt bent, 
two pence of the Rubble, which the buyer op feller muſt make repope of to the Malter of the 
Eyeenpes beame: they alſo pap a tertayne hoꝛſetoll, which is in diners places of his Realme foure pence nl 


Fobn Ei. | 


aa = ff | =" Be <_< 


2 Mofco, and ſell them there. The Fe 


opinion 


8 Fobn 22 


eaſtmar, they fell by pode 
nd of the ſmall Bo, deren 


urs: fo IJ take not their 

oz pour iuſt pꝛooſe, waigh 6, rub, 
re what it lacketh: fo? 6, rubb 
Ithinke it the next wapto hon 


e maight of TTlardhouſe, fn li 
is the Baſemare, ag thevof Ruf. 
s ok thole waights are theſe: the 
marke pound is to be vn 

the weie is 3 great pound, anys, 


f waights, fo they haue allo too 
d woollen: they call the one an 
nuch as the Flaunderg ell, ad 
v meteall {uch fortes of lochen 
linen and woollen, ag thep make 
and Handful, they doe giue nos 


which they call a Setfoo XI 
ſhels of London merle ae 
e a bucket, and ok that J neun 
ind as forthe mealures of arp 
enthat e the mealure of Danske, 


dto mee in Mofcouia, that the 
bares they bzing into the Empe: 
aigh at the Emperours beau, 

report of to the Malter of te 
ices of his Realme foure penceof 


ine offences, they had lott their 
eat charge. It was reported to 
ufand Rubbles, and allo chat 


ot, but thus he layd, and in derd 
ffeland, fo; the affurance oftheir 


to bee vnderſtood, that there is 
ro: to which place there refine 
dalt, Stockliſhe, Salmon, Fe 
h five : fl. ir Oiles they makeot 
eBay “bore our ſhippes came 
gre So ſeli, and che merchants 
Their Stockliſh and Salmon 
ouſe: their Salmon and their 
pgrode, and fell it there to the 


es, Beauers, Minkes, Armin, 
inneg, they are brought thither, 
em from the Samoydes that 
Furres, doe vle to trucke with 
other like, and the merchants 
and ſell them there. The Fee 


for cher ſtanding houſe, in mine 
opinion 


Fricke ‘for the Agents. of the Engliſn nation. 


ternement of che Empewur k 


fhrrokthem 


en Stake it co bee Vologda, iubich is & great tote ſtanding in the heart of Ruffia, withma· 
ngen and good tones absut ic. There is great plentie oF come, victuals, and of all ſuch 
wart as art taifed in Rufland, but (pecially, flare, bempe, tallom and baron: chere is allo great 
tneot ware, but it tommeth fromthe Mos ko. a 
e cotone of Vologda is meeteſt fo our merchants, becnuſe it lieth among afl the belt 
dune of Ruſſia, and there is no town in Ruſſia but trades with it F alfo the water is a great com 
moditie to it. Ik tbey plane rhemſelues in Mofcoo) Nouogrode, their tharge will bee great and 
l. but not ſo in Vologda: foꝛ all things will there bee had better cheape by the one 
dale Aud fop thtir vent. I know no place fo imeetilt is likely that foine will chinke the Mos ko to be 
the mectett bythe reaſon of che coutt, but by chat reaſon J take it to be wonſe: forthe charge there 
wulabt ſo great by crauers and expences, that the moitie of the pofite would bee whalp conſu⸗ 
med, which in che other place will bee faued, And pet notwityſtanduig our merrhaunts may bee 
therein the Minter to ſerue the Emperdur aud his cdurt. The Emperour is a great merthaunt 
punfelfe ol ware and fables, which with good fopefight map bee procured to their hands: as fo o 
ther ammodit es there ate little op none in Moſcouia, beſides tholt aboue reheated: i there bee 
aber, iris lnought thither byt he Turkes, who will be daintie to buy our clothes tonſidering the 
changes ol cariage oner land. : 

Our merchaunts map doe well to pꝛouide for the Ruſſes ſuch wares as the Dutch nation doetl 
ſruethemok, as Flanders and Holland clothes, which J beleeue, they ſhall ſerue better and with 
lelecharge then they of Rye oy Dotpt, of Reuel: fo it is no ſmall aduenture co hing their clothes 
nut of Flanders to either ok theſe places, and their charge not little to catp them ouer land to No- 
uogrode, which is from Rye nine hundꝛed Ruſſia miles. 3 

This Nouogrode is a place well furniſhed with Flate, Mare, Hives, tallow and many other 
hogs: the belt flare in Ruſſia is bought thither and there ſold by the hundꝛed bundels, which is 
dune alſo at Vologda, andthey that bring the flaxe to Nouogrode, dwell as nere Vologda, ag 
Nouogrode, ad inben thep beare of che btrerante whichthep may haue wich dur nation, they bill 
. e ee tothe other. a ee e 

Chep baue tu Ruſſia ttvo ſo es of faxe, the one is called great Hage, and the other lmall : that 
wich they call great flare is better by foure rubles in too. bundles chen the mall: It is much 
longer then the other, and cleaner without wood: and whereas of the ſmall flare there goe 271 03 
25 bundles to a chip pond, there goeth not of the greater fot aboue 22,02 24. at themoſt. There 
aed Ruſſia, ag fope, mats, t but J chinke there bal beno great account made 


Articles conceiued and determined for the Commiſſion of the 
. Merchants of this company refiant in Ruf%ia, and at the VVardhoufe, 
forthe fecond voiage, I 5 5 5. the firSt of Ma, as followeth. 10 


Hurt, the Gouernour, Conſuls, Alſiſtants and whole company affembler chis 
dap in open court, committeth aud authoztzeth Richard Gray and George Kil- 
Nlingworth, jointly and ſeuerally to be Agents, F actors, and Atturn ies gemalt 
mo ſperiall, for the whole bovie of this companie to bu, ſelltrucke, change and 

A permute all, and euery kind and kindes of wares, merchandizes and goods tothe 
Wld company appertaining now laden and ſbipped in the good ſhip called p Ed- 
Ward Bonanenture, appointed fo Ruſſia, the fame to vtter and fell to the moſt cummoditie, police 
andaduantage of the fat coꝛpoꝛation be it fon ready money wares ex merchafidizes, o trucke pꝛe⸗ 
fentlpop fo} tinte, as accafton and benefit of the company lhal réquivesand all ſuch wares ag they oz 
thall buy. trucke oz pꝛouide on raule to be bought fop the conwany to lade them Homies 
ward in good onder and condition as bypzudent courſeof 8 ſpall, and ougbt to aper 
7 5 1 alfo to Iohn Brooke foꝭ the Matdhoule, as in the 17. C 18, articles 

commiſũion apptareth. N ; 

2 Item it is all committed, as aboue co the fain A gents to binde and charge the faiocompany 
by debe lo buntes vpon credite, as good oppoxunttie and decalion chall ferue, with power to charge 
ab bindehe bald company, and cheir ſuccellors fop the paiments of ſuchthings as hall be taken vp 
ln credite and the fai Agents to be relieued, ab oßere ſatis dandi. n 0 

3 Jan, full authopitie and power is conimitted to che ſayd firlt named kartoze, togecher with 
Richard Chancelor grand Pilote this leete, torepaire tu the „ there to 0e 

, e. 3. 


295 


Dologvaand 
2 Rate theres 


The emperoi 
of Mie 
is a merchant 


duntelke. 


wo fortes dt 


flare, 


ee — ßãᷣͤ ̃ — 
296 The voyages and diſcoueries Articles for the Agents, 


— —ñ— ͤ— ö—ö—üẽĩ—— RD I — — 


the king and Queenes maieſties letters, witten in Greeke, Poliſb, and Italian giue a 
exbibite the merchaunts i 


grauntz n 
fame, to contime inte 


and heigh ſutb article an bee wy, 
cultomes, maners and bebauiours of 

people of the countreps where they thall waffique, as well of che Nobilitie as of the 
Merchants, Mariners and common people, and to noce diligently che ſubtilties of theit 
ning, buying and ſelling, making as fem debtes as polliblie may be, and to be ti 
no lame neither of religion nop poſitiue be bꝛoken op tranſgreſſew by them oz any minifier une 
them, ne yet by any mariner oz other perſon of our nation, and to fonelte that all toleg, 
and {uch other rites be fo duely paid, that no fopfeicure oꝛ confif{cation may enſue to our q] 
either ouctoard op in ward, and that all things palle with quiet. without breach of the pudlin 
peace op common tranquillitie of any of the places where they ſhall arriue op craffique, 

5 Item, that prouifion bee made in Mofco oz elſewhere, in one 07 moe good tohntz, tubers 
goodtrade {hall bee found f; a houſe 07 houſes fo the Agents, and companie to inbabice um 
dwell at your accuſtomed dicts, with ware houſes, ſellers, and other bouſes of offices requitte, 
and that none of the inferiour miniſters ol tubat place oz vocation fo euer he bee, doe lie out of 
the houſe of the Agents without licence to bee giuen, and that euery inferiour officer ſhall be abe 
. be pa by i eben 

among any o then luch perſon to i is mi 
che nandon ofthe fyp Agen, ofen them inthe abtence oF the other. 7 

6 if any perfon of the ſayde miniſters ſhall ber of ſuch pide oz obſtinatie, chat after one 
02 two honeſt aumonitions, hee twill not bee refoumed na reronciled from his laultes, then the 
larde Agum to diſplace euerx ſuch perſon kram the place 0p roume to him bere cummited an 
„ che lame, as to the ſayde Agents bp their dilcretiont ul 

2 Item, if any perfon ſhall bee found ſo arrogant, that he will not he opdered nop ram 
che fapt Agents op by ane of them in the ablence of the other, then the ſayde perſon tu bee win 
ted tothe Juſtice of the countrep, to receiue ſuch puniſhment, as the lawes of the countery wee 


require, 

& Item, chat e Agents and factnurs thal daily one botver in the mowing conferre un 
conlult together what fhall ber mot conuenient and benefictall fp the campanie, and luch amen 
as they fall determine, to bee wyitten by the Serretarie of the compante in a bocke to bee pu 
ded for that purpoſe, and uo inferiour perſon ta infringe op bpeakeany ſuch order oz deuile, but 
toobferue the fame txactlꝑ, bpon ſuch reafonable payne ag the Agents thall put bat to bp d 
cretion, 


9 Beem, that the ſayd Agents ſhall in the ende of euery tweeke, oz oftencr as occafion (all re 
quire, peruſe, {ee and trie, not onely the Caſſhers bookes, reckonings and accounts, firming de 
fame with their handes, but alfo thall receiue and take weekely the account of euerpother officer, 
as well of the Vendes, as of the empteous, and alfo of the fate of the houſhold expenſes, making 
thereof a perfect declaration as thall appertaine, che ſame accounts alſo to be irmed by the faye 9: 


gents 

10 Item, that no inferiour miniſter ſhall take bpon him to make any bargaine op fale of um 
wates, merchaundizes op goods, but by the Commiſſion and ICTarrantiſe of the ſapde Agentes 
„. and hee not to trauſgreſſe his Conunmiſſion by any wap, pꝛetenſe op co 


11 Item, that euery inferior miniſter, chat is to vnderſtand, all Clearkes and pong mer: 
chants beyng at the oꝛder of the ſayde Agents, thall rive, coe, ſaile and trauaile to all ſuch place, 
and places, as they op he hall be appoiuted vnto by the ſayd Agents, ann cffectually co follom an 
doe all that whichto him op them ſhall be committed, well and crulx to the mot benefit of the com 
panp,accopbing to the charge to bimoꝛ them committed, euen as by their othes, dueties aud bond 
of their maſters they be bounden and charged to doe. : 

12 Stem, chat at euery moneths ende, all accountes and reckonings (hall bee byougts in 
to perfect onder, into the Lidget 07 memorial, and the dectees, oꝛderg, and rules of the 


Sire . SESERE 


EI 


ae 


— il 
cles for the Agents, 
— trian 
b and Italian, 

u bee — oe 
jour ſuch further taunts anp 
fo che fame, to continue in era, 
be balfe deutfed and delinereary 
— atten ope cng 


. a 
each o 
ur on traffique, 


cine e 
e companie, and ſuch oder 
pie in a booke to bee oui: 
e any ſuch order az deuiſe, but 
gents thall put hun co by ni 


ſbold expentes, making 
toca be fame bp tp tye 
e e fale of exp 
1 
bp anp. wap, peetente . 


Clearkes and pong mer 


mmi es foyren, 


ent the priuileges, and coppies of letters, map @ Mall be well and ttuly nuitten 
pean foe sate appoint an pe pes ota tng, be 
13 eee ents do diligently learne and obferue all kinde of warts, as well nas 
that eee to be ſolde fox che benefit of che company, and 

unde of our of thefe Melt vendible in thofe 


1 


commodities, 
putz in pour dune waren, u n sa see beere allo make 
donn dite and gaine at home in pour mindes the notable charges that the compan 
: din 5 this voyage! . — es that thep lultatne vallp — 9 — — 


den Kapern be pepe eſtdent for enter : and therefore all ttrrumſpectton is 
do anbyettene tn this ft enceryr te, ich Gob Bete and pyolper vnder pou, to bis glo⸗ 
ates of this Reale, whereofthe Queenes gpaicttte, Hane Lanne te 


Mae pettblets learne how 


wellen haue 

16 es cee ae hs that if 
e gi tr place whereunto is to be had by water oꝛ by land, 
hit chen certeine of the companp, at the diftretion of the Agents ſhall be appointed to be ſent to 
them, to learne their elkate and condition, to vilit, refteſh, relieue, and turniſhthem . 8 necefe 


fied und requifices, at the common the company, and to imbꝛate, accept 
then as our deare and welbelouted of bis our wr fete, tachetreelopchny ah a ani, avs 
. 1 — ofthe ant thete tong 


With car define tn heave of them, wichall other things done in their ablence fo, adel — 
Hachen il they had beene peſent. 
17 Geert, it is decreed, that when the e going lonth atthe Mardßouſe, 
ethers Agents, with spatter Chanceler grand pilot, John Brooke merchant, MF hig 
ee ponte ton Se baden re pee per ffn dente 
pand Mary and er, is mo eto be aye 
d herefope fodthe benelitok the companp, and to conſider dohether they 
captaineofthe cattle, and the inhabitants in that place, oz alongſt the coatt fo; a large quantitie of 
dh mie or wet, killed by the naturals, or to be talen by our men at a price reafonable fp trucke ol 
eee ge i 
ine n amp other feafon of the yeere, an 05 lading for 
both the ſald hippes, to be Socata here, and how bade conferre with the e 
mance in hauncing the place, i profit null fo ariſe to the company and to conlider whether the Ed» 
hand in her returne map reteiue at che Mardhouſe anp kinde of lading home ward, and what it 
mpanmunt vnto, and whether it ſhall be expedient for the Philip to abide at Nardhouſe the re» 
tune ofthe Edward out of Ruflia, oz getting that the map, retutne with che firſt good winde to 
— ho uichout abiding forthe Edward, and foto conclude and accozo certainelie among them 
Mues bpon their arriuall, chat the certainty map ( vpon good deliberation) be fo oꝛdered and deter · 
md betweene both ſhippeg, that the one may be alſured ofthe other, and their determinations to 
ween duplicate to remame with ech thip, accoꝛving to luch ower as thall be taken bes 


ay tem, that John Brooke our merchant forthe Marvhouſe 2 aduiſe ofthe reff of 
tur Agents, how to vſe eee 4 ci vt ah be at the Mardhouſe, he to {ee 
—— kept, make abuifedty, not crediting the people vntill ther natures, diſpo· ore 
and fidelities hall be well tried, mate no debts, but to cake ware foz ware in hand, and ras 
ther betruſted then to truſt. Note 
Ghfallethon the coat, and by wbat meane it is to be bought at the moft aduantage, 
anbbinerfities of fies in tithes be, and whether it ee cafke, 
19 Yeom, heto bane a diligent eye am cixcumfpection ko the beere, (alt,andother liquid wares, 
and 


Mnicles for the Agents, of the Engliſn nation. 297 


they may bargen with the be 


diligentlie what be che beſt wares ae be- ote, 


; : F 5 8 
—— . —ꝑ—ä—ä—ä — H— 


— — k ãCñ — —„—-:3 — —v—v—ñ — 


298 The voyages and diſcoueries Articles for the Aer, 
— — — — — — — gen ea 
and not to ſulfer any waſte to be made by the company, and he in all contracts to requ: 
counſell, and ane ofthe mailter and pilot. the merchant to be our houlwiſe, a 1 — 
tis in him, he to omg that no ee aid pb ong 
dto render to che prince, and other officers, a appertai 
nl obe gute, bop all quatrelling, fighting, opberacion, abileine from all ¢ 0 


ſhall glue. N 0 

if oh it is further decrerd and opeined , inuiolablie to bo ubferuey, chat when che 
good ſhippes, 03 either of them (by Gods grace) Hall returne dy ; v tn the coaſteg of En 
lande, that neither of them (hall Rape oz couche in any Hauen op Bote af Englande, de 
chen winde and weather Chall ſerue, but (hall ditecelplaple anv come en the Poxe of the nige 
London, the place of their right diſcharge, and that uo bulke be holen, hatches opencd, chet, 
kardell, truffle, barrell, fatte, o; whatſoeuer thing it ſhall be, be bought vnt of the ſhippe, walli 
the companie ſhall "ny onder fo, the fame, and appoint ſuch perfonsof the company as fhall be 
thought merke fo. that purpole, to take view, aud con ſiderthe fippe and her lading, anv hall gin 
oꝛder foꝛ the bꝛeaking vp of the lain bulke, oz giue licence by dilcretton, fop thinges to be brougit 
to land. And that euerp officer Hall ſhewe the entiopſe of his charge to him fir committed, mh 
examine the wattes and loſſes, andto deliver the remaindertothevſe and beneſtte of the company, 
arcdzding to {uch opdet as ſhall be appointed in that lx ate. 

22 Item, the compaup b, willeth, and ren iret h, not onely all the laid Agents, piles, 

- grote, Malfters, merchantes, clerkes, boatflnaines, ſtemardeg, ſalemaiſters, and all other officers am 
miniſters or this pꝛelent voyage, being put in charge and truſt dayly to peruſe, reade, and uy 
ſuch inſtructtons as be made, giuen, and deliuered to them for perfect knowledge of the peopleof 
Nullla, Moſtouta, (Mardhoule, and other places, their difpoficions, lawes, maners, customs, 
vſes, tolles, cartages, coines, weights, numbers, mealures, wares, merchandizes, conunadicis, 
and inconmoditics, che one to be accepted and embzaced, the other to be reiected and vtterly ibn 
Boned, to the intent that euery man taking charge, may be fo well taught, perlite, and ready 
ſtructed in all the pꝛemiles, that, by ignorance, no Lofle oz pꝛeiudite may grow q chance to the un 
panie, aſſuting themfelucs, chat forafinuch as the company bath trauelled and laboured fo intheſe 
their inſtruttions to them giuen, chat euery man may be perfect, and fully learned te efche wall lo 
ſes, hurts and vamages that may infire by pretente oz colour of none knowledge, the 
entendethnot to allo we, oz Accept ignoꝛance fo} anp lawtulloʒ iuſt cauſe ot excuſe, in that wii 
ſhall be miſoꝛdered by negligence, the burden whereof hall light vpon the negligent offending 
perfon, cfpeciallp vpon ſuch as of their otanc heads. 03 temeritie, will take vpon him 0p themtn be 
oto attempt any thing, whereby pꝛeiudice may arile, wichout the commiſſion of the Agents age: 
boue is mentioned, wüereunto relation be bad, : 

23 Ftuaſmuch as it is not pollible ta ite and indite ſuch pꝛeſcribed oꝛders, rules adam 
miſſions to pou the Agents and factours, but that occafion, time and place, and the plealures of te 
princes, together with the operation oz ſucreſſe of ſotune fhall change op ſhiftthe lame, althvugh 
not in the whole, pet in part, therefore che ſaid company doe commit ta vou their deare and inter 
beloued Agentes and factours, to doe in this behalle fo the commoditie and wealth ok this cum 

pa by pour diſcretions vpon god aduiſed deliberations ſhall be thought good and beneficial, 
—.— alwayes, that the honour, good name, fame, credit, and estimation of the lame compe 
np be conferued and pꝛeſerned: whichto confirme we beleech the lining L ond to his glory, thepub 
like benefit ok this realme, our common profit, and pour patties. “1 

Finallie for the ſeruice, and due accompliſbment of all the pemifes, euerp Agent and mim 
niſter ok and foz this vovage, bath not onelp given a cozpoꝛall othe vpon the Euangeliſtes toob⸗ 
ſerue, and cauſe to be oblerued, chis commillion, and enerp part, claufe and ſenteuce of the fame, 
as muche as in him lyeth, as well for bis otune parte as for anp other perfor, but alfo ham 
bounde themſelueg and their kriendes to che companp in ſeuerall ſummes of money, exp 
ſed in the Actes, and Necozdes of this ſocietie, for che trueth and fivelitics of chem etzeben 


les for the Agents, 


— 

U contracts to require 

boufwife,as . —— 

— 1 of the compas 
pertaine, 

ne from all mine 


let merchants — 


hall returne home 

ouided, L 
the Agentes hall be u 
e Edward returne home, und 
ig wich her all che whole an 
he next peeres prouition,, ag 


do ta the coaktes ol 
donte uf Englande, fe 


ſe and beneſtte of the company, 


ely all the ſaid Agents, pilots, 
fers, and all other officers and 
pip to peruſe, reade, and fury 
ect knowledge of the peopleof 
i, Iawes, maners, cuſlamez, 
, merchandizes, conunadiis, 
to be reiected and vtterly aber 
perfiten, and remyis 
ay grom q chance to the 
ſauelled and laboured ſo inthe 
d fullp learned te eſchewall lob 
ane knowledge, the 

cauſe ot egcutt, in that wii 
t vpon the negligent ockadimg 
ill take vpon him op them to de 
commilſion of the Agents an 


cribed oꝛderg, rules and om 
p place, and the pleaſures of te 
ge op ſhiftthe lame, although 
it ta pou their deare and intyr 
o ditie and wealth ofthis com: 
thought good and beneficial, 
eftimation ofthe lame comps 
ping Land co his glory, thepub 


aute anb-Gencrure ofthe Sam 
pecker perlon, but alfo ham 
l ſummes of money, erprel 
fidelities ol chem kethe ben 


Aue 


George Killingworth, ofthe Engliſh nation. 


analfo mauifetter cettificacion of the truth. andok their otbes, momiſes, and bands afogeſaid they 
pane to this commillion ſubſtribed particularly their ſtuerall haudes, and the companie alla in 
coufirmation of the ſame, haue let their ſeale. Peuen the bap, moneth, and peetes firlt aboue mins 


timed. 
The othe miniſtred to the feruants of the fellowfhippe. 


E ſweare by the holy contents ofthat booke, that pe ſhall well, faithfully e true 
9 ip, and vpꝛigbtlv, and with all pour indeuour, ſerue this right woripfull com: 
pany in that order, which by this fello wſhippes Agent oz Agents in the Domi: 
. nons of the Cmperour of Nuſſia cc, ſhall be vnto you committed, by commiſſi⸗ 
40 Ce) ) on, commandement, oz other his direction. And that pou ſhall be obedient aud 
AIAN faithful to the ſame our Agent oz Agents, and that well, and truely and vpꝛighe · 
le, atcopding to the commiſſion, charge, commandement, oꝛ other direction ofthe ſaid Agent oz As 
guts to you from time to time giuen andto be giuen, pou ſhall pꝛoſecute and doe all that which in 
ou lieth, ko the good renowme, commoditie, benefit and profit of the ſaid fellotuthippe : and you 
fhallnot directly oz indirectly, openly oꝛ couertlp doe, exercileoꝛ vſe anp trade o feat of merchan · 
Disis fop your owne priate account, commodity, gaine oz profit, 02 for the account or oʒ for any os 
ther perſon oz perfons, without conſent oz licence of this faid kello wihippe, fir obteined in wie 
ting, And ik pow ſhall know oz vnderſtand anyother perſon oz perſons to vſe, exertiſeoʒ doe anp 
trade, tralfike oz feat of merchandize, to oz fo2 his op their ome account 02 accounts, at any time oꝛ 
times hereafter, that then pe ſhall truely and plainely diſcloſe, open, vtter and reueale, aud ſhew 
the lune unto this ſaid kello wihippe, without fraud, colour, couin 02 delay: So helpe you God, ec. 


The letter of M. George Killingworth, the companies 
firft Agent in Moſcouie, touching their interteinement in 
their fecond voyage. Anno 1555 the 27 of 
Nouember in Mofco, 


abt worthipfull, my duetie conſidered, Ec. It may pleaſe pour woꝛſſip to vn⸗ 
derſtand, that at the making heereof we all be in good health, thanks be to God, 
d ſaue onely Milliam our cooke as we came from Colmogro fell into the riuer 


> logda, and there we layed all our wares vp, and ſolde very little: but one mers 
chant would haue giuen vs 12 robles fora bꝛoad cloth and he ſaid he would haue 

4 altines fora pound ot ſugar, but we did refuſe it betauſe he was the firft, and 
themerchants were not come thither, nor would not come before winter, truſting to haue mores 
but J feare it will not be much better. Pet not withſtanding we did foꝛ the beſt. And the houſe that 
dur wares lie in, coſt from that day vntill Eaſter ten robles. And the 28 day of September we 
dd determine with our ſelues that it was good for M. Gray, Arthur Edwards, Thomas Pat⸗ 
top, Chpiſtopher oudſon, John Segewicke, Richard Johnſon, and Richard Good to tarie at Uo⸗ 
logda, and M. Chanceler, Peury Lane, Edward pile, Robert Bett and J Mould go tu Moſco. 
amd we did lade the Emperdurs ſuger, with part ok all fortes of wares to haue had to the Moſca 
with vs, and the way was fo deepe. that we were faine to turne backe, and leaue it {till at Aologda 
til the frolt. And we went foꝛth with poſt hoꝛſe, e the charge of euery hozſe being ſtill ten in num 
ber comes to 10 8. d. halfe penie, beides the guides, and we came to the Moſcr the fourth day ol 
Detwber, and were lodged that night in a ſimple houſe: but the next day we were ſent for to the 
Enperour his ecretarie, and he bad vs welcome with a cheerefull countenance and cheerefull 


voddes, and we ſhewed him that we had a letter from our Queenes grace to the Emperour his anerne waz 


grace, and then he defiren to fee them all, and that they might remaine with him to haue them per: ne 


fect, thatthe true meaning might be declared to the Emperour, and ſo we did: and then we were ol 


appointed to a better houles and the ſeuenth dap the ſecretarie lent for vs againe, and then he ſhewed 
bi that we ſhould haue a better Houle, for it was ehe Emperour his will, that we ſhould haue all 
things that we did lacke, and did ſend vs meade ok two ſantg, and two hens, our houſe free, and e⸗ 
uerytwo dayes to receiue eight hens, ſeuen altines, and two penſe in money, and medow a cer: 
tune anda pooye fellow to make cleane our houle, andta do that whertunto we would fee him: aud 
de had giuen manp rewards before, which you ſhall perteiue by other, and {o we gaue the mellen⸗ 

: gers 


299 


300 The voyages and diſcoueries George Rillingwor. 


gets a reward with thankes: and the ninth day we were {ent to made vs ready to ſpeake wah ty 
Emperour on the morow . And the letters wore ſent vs, that we mighe deliuer them our f 
anid we came before him the tench day : and befope we came to his pretence we went thorowa 
chamber, where ſtood many (mall tunnes, pailes, bowles and pots of ſiluer, I meane, like wall 
bowles,all parſell gilt tand within that another chamber, wherein fate (I chinke) neere abunyey 
in cloth of golde, uid then into che chamber where his grace ſat, and there J thinte were me then 
in the other chamber alſo in cloth ol golde, and we did our duetx, and ſhewed his grace our quernes 
graces letters, with a note of pour prefent which was left in Uologda : and then his grate date 
dow our Queenes grace did, calling her couliu, faping that he was glad that we were comein 
health into his Realme, and we went one by one vnto him, and toolie him by the hand, and then is 
grace did bid vs go in health, and tame to dimer againe, and we dined in his pꝛeſenct, and were it 
with our faces to wardes his grace, and none in the chamber late with their backes toward him, 
being, I thinke, nere a hundzed at dinner then, and all ſerued with golde, as platter, cha 
pottes, cuppes, and all not fender, but very mally, and pet a great number of platters of gol, 
ſtanding ſtill on the apbooꝛd, not mooued: and divers times iu che dinner time his grace lente 
meat and dꝛinke from his owne table, and when we had dined we went vp to his grace, and rert. 
ueda cuppe with Dpinke at his owne hand, and che fame night his grace ſent certaine genelemen 
to vs with diners foxes of wine and medo, to whome we gaue a reward. And afterward he 
TheNtallans were by diuers Italians counſelled to take heed whom we did truſt to make the copie of then 
People. leges that we would deſire to haue, fan feare it Mould not be witten in the Ruſſe tongue, as we op 
meane. Do fir a Rulſian did wyite for vs a bꝛeuiate to the Cmyperop, thetenour wherok was, thet 
we did deſire a ſtronger pꝛiuilege: ¢ when the Secretary ſaw it, be did deliuer it to his grace, un 
when we came againe, his grate willed vs to nnite our mindes, and he would {ec it, and ſo we np, 
And his grace is fo trouble with preparations to warres, that as pet we haue no anſwere n 
we haue bene required of his Secretary, and okthe vnder Chantelour, to know what wares we har 
bought into the Realme, and what wares we doe intend to haue, chat are, oz map be had in th 
Nealme: and we thrived them, and they ſbewed the Emperour therof, And then they laid his ge 
ces pleaſure was, that his beſt merchants ol the Moſco ſhould be ſpoken to, to mect and tale with 
vs. And ſo a day was appointed, and we mette in the Secretary his office, andthere was the un 
der Chantelour, who was not paſt two peeres ſince the Emperours merchant, and not his Chan 
celour: and then the conclufion of our talke was, that the Chancelour willed vs to bethinke vs, 
where we would deſtre to haue a houſe op houſes, that we might come to them as to dur ou 
houſe, and for merchandise to be made preparation forbs, and they would know our ppifes of our 
wares and frife sand we aul wered, that fozour prices they muſt {ee the wares before we could 
male anp price thereof, forthe like in goo dutſſe had not beene bꝛought into the Realme, and e 
did looke for an example of all fortes ot our wares to come from Uolog da, with the firſt ſledway, 
and then they Gould ſee them, andthen we would ſhew them the pices of them: and like wile ve 
he dinerteie uld nut tell them what we would give them iultly, till we did know as well their iuſt weight 
3 rig as their meafures (for in all places there we did come, all weights and meafures did vaty:) then 
r the Secretary ( who had made pꝛomile vnto vs before) ſaid, that we ſhould haue all the iuſt mew 
ſures vnder ſeale, ¢ he that was found faulty in the contrarp, to buy op fell with any other meaſun 
then that, the law was that he ſhould be punilhed: he ſaid mozeouer, that ik it fo happen that anpel 
our merchants do pꝛomiſe by couenant at anytime to deliuer por any tertaine ſum of wares in {uch 
a place, and of ſuch like geo dneſſe, at ſuch a day, for (uch a tertaine price, that then becaufe of vn 
ance, we fhould cauſeit to be written, accoꝛding as the bargen is, beloze a iuſtice op the next rule u 
the place: if he did not keepe couenant and pꝛomiſe in all point, accopding to his cauenant thatthen 
looke iubat lolſe o hinderance we could iulily pouc that we haue thereby, he ſhould make it good, i 
he be woꝛthſo much: and in like cafe we mult doe to them, andto that we did agree, ſaue onelpifit 
were to come ouer the ſea then if any ſuch fortune ſhould be ( as God foꝛbid) that the thippe thouls 
miſthance or be robbed, e the proofe to be made that ſuch kinde of wares were laden, the Englih 
merchants to beare no loſſe to the other merchant. Chen the Chancelop ſaid me thinks you fhall te 
bet to haue pour houfeat Colmogro, vhich is but 100 miles from the right dilcarge of che fips, 
and pet J truſt the Hips hall come neerer hereafter, becaule the ſhips may not carp long fop thet 
lading, which is 1 ooo miles from Uologda by water, and all our merchants (hall bing all out 
Cotnogre, merchandize to Colmogro to voii, and fo hall our merchants, neither go empty nop tome ent: 
foꝛ if that they lacke lading homward there is fale which is good ware here. that they may come le 
den againe: lo we were very glad to heart that, and did agree to his laying ꝛ fop we ſhall neuertho 
lelle, il we lult, haue a houſt at Uologda, Eat the Poſco, pes, ¢ at Mouogrode, ; where 75 vies 


orge K illingworth, 
ake bs ready to fheake wup 
might deliuer chem ani 
ce we went thoꝛow a 
of filucr,3 meane, like wathing 
fate (J thinke) neere a hunde 
there J thinte were more then 
nd ſhewed his grace our quernes 
da: and then his grace didaſſte 
mas glad that we were tome n 
kee bum by the hand, and then hig 
ined in his pꝛeſente, and were li 
with their backes towards him, 
ich golde, as platters, chargrrs, 
at number of platters of goin, 
e dinner time his grace fenys 
went vp to his grace, andreceis 
s grace [ent certaine gentlemen 
a reward. And afterward he 
it to make the copie of thepuu⸗ 
u i che Rule tongue, as we wo 
rod, thetenour wherof wag, thut 
e did deliuer it to his grace, n 
nd he would fee it, and ſo wen, 
as pet we haue no anſwere zum 
ur, to know what wares we bad 
that are, o map be had inthis 
rok. And then they laid his gu 
pcken to, to mect and talke with 
his office, andthere was the wm 
rs merchant, and not his Chan 
relour willed vs to bethinke bs, 
t come to them as to our obne 
ey would know our prifes ofour 
itt {ee the wares before we couls 
dught into the Realme, and we 
Jologda, with che firt fleviuay, 
nices of them: and like wilt ue 
know as well their iuſt weigh 
ts and meaſures did varp:) then 
we ſhould haue all the iuſt new 
up on fell with any other mealut 
er, that ik it fo happen that amp 
my tertaine ſum of wares in luch 
e price, that then becaufe of vn 
fore a iuſtite oꝛthe next nul u 
cording to his couenant,thatthen 
chere by, he ſhould make it good i 
that we did agree, ſaue onelp fit 
Dod forbin) that the ſbiype thonls 
F wares were laden, the Euglih 
celop ſaid, me thinks pou {hal u 
mthe right dilcarge of the hips, 
e ſhips may not tary long fop that 
our merchants (hall bzing all out 
ther go empty nop come crnptit: 
ware here,chat they map come 
is ſaping ꝛ fop we ſhall newerthe 
MNouogrode, o; e 


George Killingworth, of the Englith nation. 30¹ 


dum But the ther and rwentith of this petent we were wir the ſetretar p, and then among 
abereathe, we mooued, that if'we dbculo carp at Colmogro wich our wares, and ſhould not come 
9 on further to feeke our market, but carp Mill at Colmogro, and then the merchants of 
she spokco and others (ould not come and being their wares, and fo the ſhippes ſbould come, 
an not haue their lading reap, that then it were a great lolle and hinderance loz vs: then layd he 
mutet vs, tbat the merchants bad beene againe togerber twit) bim end had put che like doubt, 
rhaetehep would come and bing there toares to Colmogro, and that they ſhould not flulde wares 
ſuiatent to ferue them, that then they Mould be at great lolſe and hinderante, they leauing 
orher trader to fall to that : andto that we did anſwere that alter the time that we doe appoint 
wich chem co bing their wares to Colmogro, God willing, they Mould neuer come hither, but at 
ee begging of the pere, they ſhould finde that our merchanes would haue at the leaſt loꝛ a chous 
lubtwöle, Although the Crppes were not come: lo that he Caro, that then we mutt tatke further 
with che merrhants : fo that as pet J know not, but that we ſhall haue need of one houſe at Colmo⸗ a 
and another at Uologda, and ik that they bring not their wares to Colmogro, then we thall 
belurtto buy ſome at Uologda, and to be out ol bondage. Bologna. 
gudthus may we continue the or loure pecres, and in this (pace we (hall know the countrep 
nd che merchants, and which way to laue dur ſelues belt, and where to plant our houſes, and 
thereto Ceeke for ares: fo the Moſco is not belt fop any kinde of wares fo? vs to buy, ſaue onely 
worte, which we can not haue vnder ſeuen pence the Rufle pound, and it lackes two ounces of our 
pound, neither will it be much better cheaye, for J haue bidden fire pence fora pound. And J haue 
hougte mode, fue hundred weighe of parne, which Randes me in eight pence futhing the Rule 
pounbone with another. And it we had received any oye of money, and wer? biſpatehed here 
 ofchae we cary for, as I doubt not but we (hall be ſhoꝛtly (pouknow what I meane) then ag foone 
abe haut made fale, J do intend to goe to Nouogrode, and to Pletſto, whence all che great gouogrote. 
number of the beſt to w flare tommeth, and ſuch wares as are there J truſt eo buy part. And feare 
ot, we wil do that may be done, it God ſend vs health, deliring vou to prepare fully fob one 
eto be readie in the beginning of Apnll to depart off the coaſt ol England. 
Concerning all ehole thinges which we haue done in che wares, pou (hall rereiue a perfectnote 
bythe next bearer (Ood willing) for he that carierh thele from vs is a merchant ol Turwell, and 
he was tauſed to carp theſe by the commandement of the Emperour his ſecretarie, whoſe name 
ig Euan Mecallawiche weskawate, whom we take co be our very friend. And iki pleale youto eye uuſſen 
favo my letters to Dantifke, to Robert Elſon, o; to William CMatſons ſeruan t Dunſtan Mal- tecrerarp pis 
tonto beconueped to vs, it may pleaſe pow to incloſe ours in a letter ſent from you to him, witten 
inPollith, Dutch, Latine, oz Italian: ſo incloſed, comming tothe Molto to his handes, he will 
conuey our letters to vs whereſdeuer we be. And J haue witten to Dantifke already to them 
forthe conucpance of letters from thence, 
Judo certifie pou of the weather here men fap, that theſe hundzed peeres was neuer ſo warme 
benher in this countrey at this time ofthe peere. But as peſternight we received a letter from 
˖ hudſon from a titiet Perellaue, who is comming hither with certaine ol our 
wares, but the winter did deceiue hun fo that he was faine to tarp by che way: and he wrote that 
the Emperours pꝛeſent was deliuered to a gentleman at Cologda, and the ſledde did ouerthyow, 
and the butte of ollocke was loſt, which made vs all very ſozy. 
Imap pou be not olfended with chefe my rude letters fo lacke of time: but as foone as {ales be 
made, J will finde the meanes to conuep pou a letter with {peed : for the way is made ſo doubtfull, 
tha the right mellenger is fo much in doubt, that he would not haue any letters of any effect ſent 
bymy mn mir he might, for he knowes not of thete: and to ſaythe trueth, the way is not for him to 
ttauell in. But J will make another thife belide, which J truſt (hall ſerue the turne till he come if 
fales be made before he be ready, which is and ſhall be as pleaſeth God: who euer pꝛeſerue pour 
bopthip, and lend vs good lales. TMritten in hatte, 


By yours to command 


GsorGs KIIIINGWORTA 


Draper. 


302 The voyages and diſcoueries The Emperors prinilege, 


A copie of the firft Priuileges granted by the Emperour 


of Ru/Sia to the Eigliſh Merchantes, in 
the yecre 1555. 


Ohn Gaſiliwich, by the grace ol Gov, Emperour of Nuſſia, great Duke Of 

uogrode, Molcduia, cc. To all people that ſpall ſee, reade, heare, op vnde 

theſe pꝛeſents greeting. Fozaſmuch as God hath planted all Nealmes aud Dp, 

minions in the whole world with ſundzy commodit ies, ſo as the one bath ween og 

the amity and commodities of heather, and by meanes thereol, traffike vled from 

0 one to another, and amity thereby increaſed, and foz that as amongſtmen noth; 

is moꝛe to be deſitedthen amity, without the which no creature being of a naturall good Dif pote 
on can liue in quietneſſe, ſo that it is astroubleſome tobe vtterly wanting, as it is perreiurdto 
grieuous to the body to lacke ayze, fire, o; anp other neceſſaries molt requifice foꝛ the conteruation 
aud maintenance thereof in health, conſidering alſo how needfull merchandize is, which fury: 
ſpeth men ok all that which is conuenient for they liuing, and nouriture, fo their clothing, trim 
ming, the latilkying of their delights, and all other thinges conuenient and profitable fon them an 
that merchan dize bꝛingeth the ame commodities krom diucrs quarters, in fo great abundance, ag 
by meanes thereof nothing is lacking in any part, and that all things be in cuery plate (whereen, 
tercourle of i landen is receiued and embraced) generally in luch ſozt, as amity cheredpis 
entred into, an planted to continue, and the iniopers thereok be as men liuing in a golden tun: 
Upon theſe reſpects, and other weighty and good confiverations,vs heerunto moouing, andchich 
vpon the contemplation ofthe gracious letters, directed from the right high, right excellent, any 
right mighty Qucene Wary, by the grace of God, Queene of England, France, ec. in the kun 
of her lubiects, merchants, the gouernoz, confuls, aſſiſtants, and comminalty of merchantgarury: 
turcrs, for diſcauery of lands, cc. 

Know pe therefore, that we of our grace eſpeciall, meere motion, and certaine knowledge. haw 
given and granted, and by chele pꝛeſents, for vs, our hepres and ſurceſſoꝛs, doe giue and grant, ag 
much as in vs is and lpeth, vnto Sebattian Cabota Gouernour, Sir George Barnes knight. ft. 
Conſuls: Sir John Gretham, cc, Alliſtants, andto the comminalty of the alozenamed fellow 
ſhippe, and to theyꝛ fucceflours for euer, and to the ſucteſſours of euery of them, theſe arricies, 
grants, immunities, franchiles, liberties and pꝛiuileges, and euery of them heereafter following, 
expꝛeſſed and declared. videlicet: 

1 Sirk, we fo vs, our hepres and ſucceſſourg, do by theſe pꝛeſents gine and grant free lian, 

faculty, authoꝛity and power vnto the ſaid Gouernour, Conſuls, AMitMauts, and comminalpol 

the ſaid fellowihippe, and to their lucceſſours for euer, that all and finqular the merchantg ofthe 

fame company, their Agents, factours, doers of their buſinelle, atturneys ſeruants, and minim, 

and euery ol them map at all times heereafter fop euer move ſurely, freely, and fafelp with then 

ſhippes, merchandizes, goods, and things what ſoeuer, ſaile, come, and enter into all and fingular 

our lands, countryes, dominions cities townes, villages castles, ponts, iuriſdictions and deſttain 

by fea, land, oz kreſh waters, and there tarp, abide, and ſoiourne, and buy, fell, barter and change 

all kinde of merchaudizes with all maner of merchants and people, of whatfocuer nation, righ 

condition, ſtate oz degrees they bee, and with the fame oz other ſhippes, wares, merchandipts, 
goods, and things, whatſoeuerthey be, vnto other Emppꝛes, Kingdomes, Dukedomes, parts, 

and to any other place op places at they pleaſure andliberty, by fea, land op freſhwaters may de 
part, and exercile all kinde of merchandizes in our Empyꝛe and dominions, and euery part chat 
af, kreely and quietly, without any reſtraint, impeachment, price, exaction, prett, ſtraight cultumt 
toll, impolition, oz ſublidie to be Demanded, taxed, oz payed, o at any time heereafter to be dem · 
ded, taxed, fet, leuied, oz inferred vpon them oz any of them, oz vpon their goods, ſhippes, warts, 
merchandise and hinges, of, foz, o bpon any part z parrell thereok, oꝛ vpon the goods, {hippes, 
wares, merchandiʒes, andthinges of any of them, fo that they ſhall not nerd any other ſafe condut 
oz litente generall, ne ſpetiall, of vs, our hepres cp ſucceſſours, neither thall be bound to allt ay 
fafe conduct oʒ licence in any of che afopefaid places ſubiect vnto vs. 

2 Item, we giue and grant to che ſayd merchantes, this power and libertie, that they, ne anpot 
them, ne they; goods, wares, merchandizes oz things, ne any part thereof, ſhall be by any meanes, 
within our dominions, landes, countryes, calles, townes, villages, oz other place op platt 
dur iuriſdiction, at anp time heerealter attached, Raped, arreſted, ne diſturbed fox anp Wan 


8 2 8 


42 


S Agri 


— 


FSS 


Emperor priuilege, 


by the Emperour 


ntes, in 


oe of Ruflia, great Duke Of u 
all {ce, reade, heare, oz dni 

pach planted all Nealmes aud Dy 
odities, fo as the one hath yeep 
neanes thercof, traftike oleo fran 
D for that as amongſtmen nach 
being ok a naturali good Difpotti 
v wanting, as it is perceiued to be 
molt requetite fop the conferuation 
full merchandise is, which fur 
nouriture, for their clothing, trim 
enient and profitable for them any 
tarters, in ſo great abundance, ag 
ings be in tuery place (where 
v in ſuch lope, as amity theredpig 
as men liuing in a golden 

vs heerunto moouing, andchi 
5 right high, right excellent, an 
ngland, France, ee. in the fan 
comminalty of merchants aduey, 


on, and certaine knowledge. here 
ſurceſſoze, doe giue and grant, x 
„Dir George Barnes knight t. 
ninalty of the afopenamed felloty 
of cuery of them, theſe arricies, 
erp of them heereafter following, 


ents giue and grant free licene, 
a, Alſiſtautg, and comminalyit 
nd ſingular the merchants olthe 
tturneys ſeruants, and minim, 
elp, freely, and lafely with then 
ie, and enter into all and ſinguln 
Ports, iuriſdictions and deſttaint 
, and bup, fell, barter and change 
ple, of whaefocuer nation, riatt 
rſhippes, wares, merchandists, 
Ringdomes ,Dukedomes, parts, 
fea, land o; freſhwaters may de 
ominions, and euery part ther 
exaction, peſt, ſtraight cuttome, 
any time heereafter to be dem · 
pon their goods, ſhippes, warts, 
reok, oꝛ vpon the goods, fhippes, 
ill not need any other fafecondut 
either ſhall be bound to afke any 
8. 

r and libertie, that they, ne auyil 
rt thereof, ſhall be by any meanes, 
lages, 02 other place op placesef 
d, ne diſturbed fox any wen 


N The Emperosrs priniledge.oF theEnglifh nation. 


ing, for the which thep be nat principal debters op ſureties, ne alſo fp any offence 
eee thas Hill be committed, but onelp fo ſuch as they, q any of them ſhall 
— tonmmtt, und the lande otfences (if any ſuch happen, ) ſhalbe by vs onely heard, and de: 


ue aud graunt, that the ſaide Parchants Hall and may haue free libertie, power, 
1 and aſſigne bꝛokers. hippers, packers, wapers, mraſurers, wage: 
uergand all other meete and uecellarie labourers, fo, to ſerue them in their feate ol archandi 
feg.am miniſter, and giue vnto them and euery of them a coypopall oche, to ſerue them well and 
truely inebetr olfice g aud finding them op any of them doing contrary to his oz their othe, may pu · 
aihanvditmille them, aud from time to time choole, ſweare, and admit other in their place, op 
without contradiction, letz vexation, oꝛ ee of vs, aut heires oꝛ ſucceſſours o 

our Juſtices, officers, miniſters, o; ſubiects whatſoeuer. 
N vnto the laide Marchauts and their ſucceſſdurs, that ſuch per: 
tuczis, n hall bee commended vnto vs, our heires on lucteſſours, by the Gouernour, Con 
ils und alliſtauts of the laid fellotuthip, reſtant within the Citic of London within the Realme 
fEnglande, to bee their chiefe Factoz within this our Empire and Dominions, map, and 
fhall haue full power and authoꝛitie to gouerne and rule all Englichmen, that haue had, oz ſhall 
haucarcetle, ot repaire in oꝛ to this ſaide Empire and iurildictious, o: anp part thereof, and hall 
aud my miniſter vnto them, and euery olthem good iuſtice, in all their cauſes, plaints, quarrels. 
ano dilowerg betweene them mooued, and to ber mooued, and aſſemble, deliberate , conlult, 
conclude, define, determine, and make fuch Actes, and ordinances, as hee fo commended with 
pis Alliances hall chinke goon and meete, kz the good oꝛder, gouernement and rule of the ſaide 
g,andall other Eng lihmen repairing to this our faive Empire and Dominions on 
part ehercof, and to fet and leuie vpon all, and euery Englichmen, oſfender oz offenders, of 
luchtheir Actes and oꝛdinances made, and to bee made, penalties, and mulcts bp fine o; im 


Meme. n 

iit hapnen, that any oF che ſaine Merchants, oz other Engliſhman, as one op moze 
edel aint Curly chiefe Facto; op‘ actors, 0p his 07 their deputies, and will not deſpole 
hem op themlelues ta obey them, and tuery of them. as thall appertaine, the (aide Rebels o 
wifobedients doe come, and bee founde in our laide Empire and iurildictions, o any part and 
place thereof, then wee promife and graunt, that all and euery our officers, minifters, aud 
fabieces alleffectualty ayde and aſſiſt the {aive chiefe Factor, 02 F actops, andtheit deputies, 
non their power (hall really wozke, to bring {uch rebell oz dilobedient Rebels, oz diſobevi⸗ 
dum due obedience: And to that intent ſhall lende unto the fame Facto o Fattops, and their 
deputies upon requeſt cherefore to be made, pꝛiſons, and infruments fo} from time 
tate, 


6 dan wee pꝛomiſe vnto the faive Marchauts, and their fucceflours spon their regueſt. to exhi⸗ 
bite and doe imesh good, exact, and fauourable iuſtice, with expedition in all cheir cauſes, and 
that tohen they oz any of them ſhall haue accelſe, oz come to, o befoze any of our Juſtites, fop anp 
their plaints mooued, and to bee mooued betweene any our Dubiects oz ocher ſtranger, and 
then, op any ol them, that them they ſhall bee firſt, and kurthwith heard, as foone as the partic 
Which chep hall ünde before our Julttces (hail ber depeached. which partie being heard furchwith, 
a afloone as may bee, che ſaide Englith Marchants hall bee ride, and dilpatched: And if any 
ation hall bee mooued by oz againſt any of the faive Marchants, being abſent out of our ſalde 
empire and Dominions, then ſuch Parchants map ſubſtitute an Atturney in all and fins 
gulee bis cauſes to bee followed as neede hall bequire, and as thall ſeeme to him expe⸗ 
ent, a 


7 Jem, wee graunt, and pꝛomiſe to the ſaide Marchants, and to their lucteſſours, that if the 
lame Barchants op anpof them ſhall bee wounded, 02 ( which God fopbiode ) Haine in any part, 
place of our Empire, o Dominions , then good infopmation chereof given, Mee and our 
Aalltes, and other officers, thall execute due conection and puniiiment without delape, acs 
coping to the exigence of the cafes So chat it thall bee an example to all other, not to com- 
iit the he. And if it ſhall chaunce the Factors, ſeruants, o; Miniſters of the lade Mar 
chats 0) any of them, to treſpalle o offende, whereby they od anp of them thall incurre the 
anger of death oz puniſhment, the goods, wares, marchandiſes, and thinges of theit Maſterg, 
Gall noceherefoxe be foxfaiten, confiſcated, ſpopled, ne ſeiled by any means, bp vs, our beites,o7 
fucceffours, op by any dur officers, minifters oz fubiccte, but (hall remaine to their vle, kranke, 
fee aun diſtharged kom all punichment and lolle, 11 ( sais 

i Fy 


304 The voyages and diſcoueries Q. Maries paten, 


8 Item, wee graunt that ik any of the Engliſh nation be arreſted fon any debt, bee ſhall mb 
layed in pulon, fo karre, as he can put in lũcient ſuretie op paune: either hall any Bere, 
0} officer leade then o any of them to prifon,before he Hall haue knowen whether che chiete a 
to. 02 factops, op their deputies, (hal be lureties. o bring in paune ko) fuch arreſded:then the oficery 
ſhall releate the partie, and ſhall fee him oꝛ them at libertie. 
9 Pogzeouer, wee gine, graunt, and pꝛomiſe to the faire Parchauts thut if any of theie dipnes 
op other vellels, Wall bee (poplen, robbed, o Dammiürd. in Caphing, anchoring op teturning ys 
op from our fapde Empires, and Dominions, em anp part thereot, by any Piratg, Warchany, 
oz other perfon, whatſoeuer hee oz they bee, chat chen and in ſuch cafe, wee will doe all thar in 
vs is to tauſe reſtitution, reparation, and fatiffaction to bee duely mare to che ſaide Englith Be, 
chants 4 our letters and otherwiſe, as ſhall Rande with our honour, and ber confonantto equi 
and iuſtice. . : 
8 Item foz vs, bir heiresand lucceſſdurs, wee doe promile and graunt, to perfourme, 
taine, coꝛtoboꝛate, autenticate, and obſerue all and ſingular the aloe ſaide liberties, Emin 
and pziuiledges, like ag pꝛeſently wee firmely doe intende, and will coprobopate, autentihe, any 
performe the fame by all meane and way that wee can, as much as may bee to the commoditi 
and pꝛolite ofthe ſaide Eng liſh Parchants, and their ſucceſſourg foz euer. i 
And to the intent that all and ſinguler the faive giftes, graunts and promifes, map be imi⸗ 
lably obſerued and perfourmed, wee the ſaide Iohn Vaſiliuich by the grace of God Empernn 
of Ruſſia, great duke ol Nouogrode, Moſco, ct. to vs, nur beives and fucceflours, by bur Ju 
riall and Loꝛdly wonde in ſteade ol an othe, haue and doe pomile by theſe pretence, inuiolably 
to mainteine and obſerue, and caufe to bee inuiolablp obferucd and maintained, all and ſuguler 
the aforefaive giftes, graunts, and pꝛomiles from time totime, and at all and euerp time and ting 
Hereafter, And foz che moze coprobozacion hereof haue caufed our Signet hereunto tu be nun 
Daten in our Caſtel of Moſco, the 20. day of in the peere. 


S e 


533 83 


8 


The Charter of the Marchants of Ruſsia, graunted 


eupon the difcouerie of the faide (ountrey,by King 
Philip and Queene Mary. 


bilip ann Mary, by the grace of God, King and Queene,ec. To all mane 
Yel ofofficers,true Jurie men,minifters and Soubiects, and to all other people as 
HA well wirhin this our Reale op els where vnder our obeylance, iuribisi, 
ene, op orhertnite onta home thele our letters thall bee ihewen deem 
2 N read, greeting. 
INO”, 


FEBSEE 


re py 
intend 
Gods 


readily atchieue the fame, Ok our efpeciall grace, certaine knowlege and meere motion, bar 
graunted, and by thele pꝛeſents doe graunt oz vs, our heires and fucceflours, vnto a 


| Q. Maries patent, 


. —— —— 
ed fen any debt, hee Chall nog ber 
5 call any 

mowen whether the chiete Fa 
02 luch arreſtedꝛthen the officers 


hauts that if any oktheir ſhippes 
g. auckozing 03 returning to, 
of, by any Pitats, Path 
ich cafe, wee twill doe all that in 
madeto the ſaide Englith opa 
ur, and bee confonantto equitie 


hd graunt, to perfourme, mii 
afore ſaide liberties, franchites, 
will corroborate, autentike, any 
bas map bee to the commonitie 
for euer. 

ts and promifes, may be imi⸗ 
p the grace of God Emperum 
s and ſucceſſours, by our Impe, 
e by theſe prefents, inutolably 
ND maintained, all and ſngulet 
dat all and euery time andtinez 
our Siguet hereunto tu be pun 
ere. 


ifsia, graunted 
rey sby King 


and Queene, cc. To all mmm 
hiects, and to all other people as 
der our obeyſance, iurifdtstion, 
ters ſhall bee ſhewed ern i 


our right truſtie right faithful, 
1, Lope high Trealurer ofthis 
nd of dur houſholde, lohn Care 
ol Pembroke, . 15 

e ok England, ec, at 
len certaine thippes, pinelles, 
neceflarie, haue aduaunced and 
nies, Dominions, and Seige 
v bp Sea 8 ated which by 
ſapling Mozthwardeg, North 
te oz courte which other Che 
heretofore by Seas tratiqued, 
as well for the || gloꝛie of Ged, 
increate of the reuenues of on 
Dominions and of our fubicets 
amed, haue molt humbiy belt 
acioufly extended vito themin 
d our Counſailers, ſubiects and 
hem in their laid ronly,ponee, 
ep map the move willingly, a 
plenere and meere motion, bane 
ucteſſours, vnto anti 
L 


Q. Maries patent. ofthe Englifh nation. 


ano rightfaicbfull, and right welbeloued Counfatlers, and the other before named pers 
foasthat they bp the name of Marchants aduenturers of England foꝛ the diſcouerie of lands ter · 
woes, Ales Dorninions,and Seignicties vnhnawpen, and not before chat late abuentute oy en- 
eergnite by (ea o Nauigation, commonly frequenced as afozefaid,thalbe from henrefoopeh one bos 
wie and 1 fellowthip and comnmmaltie of themſelues, boch in deede and in name, and 
chem by che nantes ol Matthants aduenturers fop the diſtouerie of landes, territoꝛies, Jles and 
Sriguionies vnknowwen. and not bp che Seas ann Nauigations, before their ſaide late aduenture 
memerprile by {ea 0} Nauigation commonly frequentes, We doe incopponate, name, and declare 
bythele pꝛeſents, and that the fame felloboſhip o communaltie from hence looꝛth ſhall be, and may 
hun one Gouernour of the ſaid fellowhhip, and communaltie of Marchants aduenturers. 


Gno in tonſſderation that one Sebaſtian Cabota, hath bene the chiefeſt letter forth of this baten 
tumey in voyage, therefoꝛe we make, deine aud coultitute him the ſaid Sebaſtian to be the firſt Cadora irg 
amp pieſent gouernour of the fame fellowihip and conmunalcie, by theſe pꝛeſents. To haue and dhe polen 
mp the (aid office of Gouernour tu him che laid Sebaſtian Cabota during his natural life, wich, compare, 


at amouing oz dimilling from the fame roome. b 
And funthermoze, we graunt vnto the fame kellowſhip and communaltie and their ſucceſſours, 
chr they the faide ke llowſbip and communaltic, and their ſucteſſoꝛs after the deceaſe of the ſaide 
Sebaftian Cabota, (hall, and may freely and latofullp in places conuenient, and honeſt, aſſemble 
themſelues together, o fo many ok them as will, oz can aſſemble together, as well within our 
Citic of London oz elſewhere, as it Mall pleaſe them in ſuch ſoꝛt aud maner, as other wozſhipfull 
copponations of our ſaide Citie haue vſed to aſſemble, and there peerely name, elect and choofe one 
Gouernout o; two of themſelues, and their liberties, and alſo as well peerelp during the naturall 
Hie ofthe fait Sebaſtian Cabota nowe Gouernour, as alſo at the election of ſuch ſaid Gouernour 
ngruerndurs before bis deceale, to chooſe, name and appoint eight and t wentie of the moſt fav, 
nicreete,and honeſt perſons of the ſaide fellowſhip, and communaltie of Marchant aduenturers, 
asisaboue ſpetifted, and 4. ol the moſt expert and Ckilfull perlons of the fame 28. to be named and 
tilled Conſuls, and 24. ok the re ſtdue. to be named and called A ſſiſtants to the ſaide Gouernour oʒ 
gourrnours,and Conluls for the time being · which thai remaine and and in their authoꝛities for 
one whole peere chen next following. And ik it ſhall foꝛtune the ſaide Gouernour, Conluls, and 
ilillantg o any of them ſo to be elected, and choſen as is afogeſaide, to die within the yeere after 
bis ontheir election. that then and fo often, it (hall and may be lawfull to and fop the ſaide fellow: 
hip and communaltie, to elect and chuſe of themſelues other Gouernour oz gouernours, Conſuls 
ind aſſiſtants, in the place and ſteade of ſuch as fo ſhall happen to die, to ſerue out the fame 


lere. i . 

And further we doe make,opdeine and conſtitute, George Barnes knight aud Alderman of our 
Citie of London, William Garret, Alderman of our ſaide Eitie, Anthonĩe Huſie, and Iohn Suth- 
cot tu be the firft and prefent 4. Conſuls of the ſaid le lowſhip and communaltie by theſe pꝛeſents, 15 


patents : And wee doe like wiſe, make, oꝛdeine and conſtitute Sir Iohn Grefham knight, Sir An- 
drew ludde, knight, Sir Thomas White knight, Sir, lohn Yorke knight. Thomas Offley the el. 
wt, Thomas Lodge. Henty Herdſon, Iohn Hopkins, William Watfon, Willid Clifton, Richard 
Pointer, Richard Chamberlaine, William Mallorie, Thomas Pallie the elder. William Allen, 
Henty Becher, leffrey Walkenden, Richard Fowles, Rowland Hey ward, George Eaton, Iohn 
Eilotohn Sparke, Blafe Sanders, and Miles Mording,¢o be the firſt and prefent 24. Aſſiſtaute to 
te laive Gouernour oz gouernours, and Confils, and ta the fatde felowfhip and communalcie by 
helt melents to haue and enioy che Caio offices of aſliſtants to them foꝛ terme of one whole perre, 
net alter the date of theſe our letters patents. And further, we for vs, our heires ¢ ſucteſſours, 
unurb as in vs is. will x graunt by theſe pꝛeſents vnto the ſaid Gouernour, Conſuls, aſſiſtanta, 
felotwihip ¢ company of Marchants aduenturers afde laid. to their ſucteſſaurs that the fain Gor 
vemnout 0} gouernours, 4. Conſuls, & 24, aſſiſtants. that now by theſe patents are nominated and 
. red. in that hereafter by the {ard fe lowuſtip & communaltie of marchants aduenturets oꝛthe 
ne part ol them, which ſhalbe then pꝛeſent, ſo fr time to time to be choſen ſo that there be 15. at 
leat, wholy agreed therok the laid Goucrnour o gouerners j one of them x a. of the ſaid C. 
lil thalbe there, x x 2. ok the relidue of the laid nomber of t. halbe of the faid alliſtants and in the 
wleute of uch Gouernour,chat then 3. of the ſalde Conſuls, and 12. of the {aioe aſſiſtants at the 
lat ſ the time being ſhal e may haue, vſe, and exettiſe ful power e authoritie,to rule ¢ 
land Gnguler the Parchants of the laid — and comnninaltie, x to execute, do bs and 
2 eedit 


y 
. rE — 


— ͤ ä — ̃ — 
306 The voyages and diſcoueries Q. Maries patent, 


ſpeedie iuthice tothem, and euerp of them in all ther caufes, Differences, variante, conttuuttii 
quarrels, and complaints, within anp out Realmes, donunions and iuriſdictions onelp 

and ta be mooued touching their Marchandiſe, trafiques, and occupiers afore faive, op the gan 
onder op rule of them o any of them. ae 

Alſo wee for vs, our heires and ſucteſſoꝛs, fo much as in vs is, dot like wiſe by there preteng 
graunt, that the aid Gouernour, Conſuls, alliance, fello wibip and connnunaltie, and their fup 
teſlours, hall and map baue perpetuall ſurceſſion. and a common Scale which thall perperualty 
ferue for the affaires and buſtneſſe of the ſaide kellowſhip and communaltie. And that they nd 
their Cucceffours, (hall and map be fox cuer able perſons, and capar in the lawe, for to purchate 
and poſſeſſe in fee and perpetuitie, and led terme of life, on liues, o fop terme of peere d oxher 
wife, landes, tenements, rentes, teuerſions, and other poſſeſſions, and herevitaments, what 
euer they bee, by the name ol tze Gouernour, Conſuls, alſiſtauts, iellowſhip and commun 
ofthe Parchauts aduenturers by Seas and Rauigations, fop the diſcouerie oflandes tert 
ries, Tles, Dominions, and Seigniozies vnknowen, and before the ſaide lak aduenture gem 
terprife bp peas not frequented, as before is ſpeciſted, and hy the fame names,thal and map ln 
fullp alien, graunt, lett and ſett che fame, 02 any part hereof to any perſon op perſons, able inthe 
lawe to take and receiue the ſame. So that they doe not graunt nop alien the fame, o anp pm 
thereof into mortmaine, without ſpetiall licence of vs, our heires 02 ſucceſſours, fir had ad 
obtained. 

Allo, wee for vs, our heires and ſucceſſours haue grauntev, and by theſe pꝛeſents doe grant 
vnto the laide Goucrnours, Conſuls, aſſiſtants, fellowochip, and communaltie of the aide spar 
chants and to their ſucteſſdurs, that they end their ſucceſſours, (hall, and map lawfullp purchaſt 
puto them and their ſuccelloꝛs lo euer, landes, tenements and hereditaments whatſoeuer, ofte 
cleare peerelp value of 3 {cope 6, pounds, thitteene ſhillings and foure pence of lawfull montyil 
Englande and not aboue, as well of ſuch landes, tenements, and hereditaments, as dee holoen 
op ſhall bee holden of vs, our heires op ſucteſſours, as of aup other perſon on perſons, the llanutz 
pꝛouided againſt alienations into mortmaine, ox anpof them, oꝛ anp article oꝝ clauſe in them 
any of them contained, oz any other lawe, cuſtome, ſtatute, op pꝛouiſion to the contrary in any ui 
notwithſtanding. And that they by che name of the Gouernour, Confuls, alſiſtants, fellowhip 
and commumaltie ol Parchants aduenturers, ſoꝭ che diſcouerie of landes, territories, Ils do 
miniong, and Seigniozies vnknowen by the Seas and NRauigations, and not before the faire 
late aduenture op enterprile bp Seas frequented as afozefaide, ſpall and map bee able in the late, 
to impleade, and be impleaded . to anl wert, and to be anſwered, to defende, and to bee defended be 
fore whatſoeuer Judge oz Juſtite,tempoꝛall o ſpirituall, oꝛ other perfons whatſoeuer, in whit 
ſoeuer court, oꝛ courtes, and in all actions perſonall, reall, and mixt, and in euery of them, and 
in all plaintes of nouel diſſeiſon, and alſo in all plaintes, ſuites, quarrels, affaires, bufneles and 
demaundes whatſoeuer they bee, touching and concerning the ſaide fellowſdippe aud comm 
naltie, and the affaires and buſineſſe of the fame onelp,in as ample maner and forme, as any uthet 
coppopation of this our Realme may doe. N 
_ Poreouer, wee for vs, our heites and ſucceſſours, haue giuen and graunted, and by theſt yy 
ſeuts doe gine and graunt vnto the ſaide Gouernour Confuls, aſſiſtants, fel lowſhippe, and com 
munaltie of Marchants aduenturers afopefaide, and to their ſutceſſours, that the {rive Gouer 
nour, oz Gouernours, Confuls and allitants, and their ſucteſſours, in maner, ſomme, and nomber 
afore rehearſed, ſhall haue full power and authozitie from time tu time hereaſter, to make,opbeine, 
eftablith and erect all {uch ſtatutes, actes and opdinances, for the gouernement, good condition, 
and lawdable rule of the fain fellowlhippe and communaltie of Marthants aduenturers aint 
ſaide, as to them ſhalbe thought good, meete, conuenient and neceflarie, and alſo to admitte onto 
the ſaide Coꝛpoꝛation and fe ĩlowuſhipye to be free of che fame,fuch aud as many perſons as to then 
thall bee thought good, mecte, couuienient, and neceflarie, Aud that euery ſurh perſon on perfons, 
as ſhall fortune hereafter to bee admitted into the ſaide fellowſhippe, commimaltie and cope 
tion, all from the time of his oz their avmittance, bee free of the ſame: And alſo wer will, ald by 
thele prefents graunt kz va, our heires and ſucteſſours, vnto the ſaide Gouernours, Conſuls, i. 
liſtants , fellawſhip, communaltie, of Marchant aduenturers alone ſaide, and to their fucceflours, 
that the Gouernour, o gouernours, Conſuls and aſliſtants of the ſame. in maner, forme, and nom 
ber akoe rehearſed, and their ſucceſſours, for the time being, hall, and may haue full power and 
authozitie by theſe prefents from time to time, as to them {hall ſeeme good to limit, ſett, open 
and make , multts, and penalties by fines, fopfeitures, ¢ immiſonmenta . o any of them vpon an 
affender of the ſaide kellowihippe and connnunaltie, for auy offence touching the ane, 


—̃ tied 
) Q. Maries Patent. 


— 
ences, vatiances,controucrfirs 
md urildictions onely 

ccupiers afore aide, 02 the ge 


, dot like wiſe by theſe preteny 
and communaltie, and their lub 
Scale which ſhall perpetuaity 
ummunaltie. And that they nd 
apax in the lame, fo to purthaſt 
, 02 fog terme of peere op then 
ns, and hereditaments, what, 
8, fellowſhip and communaltiy 
the diſcouerie oklandes tent 
ze the ſaide laſt aduenture mm 
e ſame names, (bal and map laty 
ip perſon op perſons, able in thy 
‘nog alien the fame, op anypm 
es oz ſucceſſours, lirit had an 


nd by theſe pꝛeſents doe grant 
communaltie of the ſaide par, 
all, and map lawfully purchuſe 
ereditaments whatſoeuer, of the 
foure pence of lawfull monepol 
nd hereditaments, as dee hoben 
er perſon oz perſong, the acutes 
2 anp article op clauſe in thema; 
lilion to the contrary in any tile 
„ Conſuls, aſſiſtants, fellow 
of landes, territopies, Ils, do 
gations, and not before the faine 
all and map bee able in the laue, 
defende, and to bee defended be 
perfons whatſoeuer, in wh 
mixt, and in eucry of them, and 
uarrels, affaires, buftnelies any 
e faide fellowſhippe aud conmu: 
e maner and fopme,ag anp other 


and graunted, and by chele pe 
fants, fellowſhippe, and com 
ſſours, that the {rive Gourr 
B, in maner, fome, and nombet 
time herealter to make,oybeint, 
e gouernement, good condition, 
Merchants aduenturers afore 
eſſarie, and alſo to admitte onto 
AND as many perſous as to then 
hat euer y ſuch perſon on perſunt 
ippe, commimaltie and corpo 
: And alfo wee will, aud by 
aide Gouernours, Conſult, l 
alde, and to their ſucteſſum, 
ame. in maner, foꝛme, and nom 
l, and may baue full power and 
eme good, to limit, ſett, deim 
ments. oꝛ any of them vpon in 
touching the ne 


Q.Marses patent. ofthe Englifh nation. 


typ ant cummunaltie, and alſo that all acts and opdinances bp chem op their ſucteſſours to bee 
mne, whieh time ſhall chante not neceflarie 07 preiudiciall tothe ſaid feltowihip q communaltie, 
mailtimes to reuoke, byeake, fruſtrate, auihilate, repeale aud dilfoluc at their pleafure and liber 
tie, Im furcber, twee will that it anp of the ſaide fe llowihip and communaltie ſhalbe founde cons 
crarious, rebellious, 0) diſobedient to the ſaide Gouernour o gowcrnours, Conluls, and the ſaide 
sitants lin the time being, o to any ſtatutes, acts o) opdinances, by them made oꝛ to bee made, 
aur henthe lade Gouernour op gouernourg, Couſuls, and the ſaide affitants, in maner, forme, 
amber aboue {pecified, for the time being, wall and max by vertue ol theſe meſents, multt, 
ib euery ſuch offender oz offenders, as the qualitie ok the offence requiretl), accopding to 
ir good dilcretions. 
will that none of the ſaide offender oz offenders, ſhall decline from the power 
of the {aide Gouernour, o gouernours, Conſuls and aſſiſtants, in maner, foꝛme, and nomber 
shourlaive for the time being: ſo alwayes, that the ſaide acts, ſtatutes and oꝛdinances, doe onely 
guthe and concerne the ſaide Gouernour o7 gouernours, Conſuls, aſliſtants, and the ſaide fel 
lotwhyppe ann comnnmaltie of our before named Parchants aduenturers, oz the men of the fame 
fluid and connnunaltie, and none other; And ſo alwayes, that ſuch their acts, Tatutes anti 
qoinances, bee not againſt our prerogative, lawes, Catuces, and cuſtumes of our Realmes anti 
Dominions, nop tontrarp to the ſeuerall duetie of any our ſubiects, towardes vs, our heires ann 
fureeflours, no? contrarp to any compacts, treaties 02 leagues, by vs op any our promenttours, 
peretofone had op made, oz bereafter by vs, our heires and ſutceſſours tabee made. to 02 with any 
foyreine Prinre 02 potentate, nop allo to the preiudice of the corpopation of the Maio, commu⸗ 
mies and Citizens of our citie of London, nop to the pꝛtiudice of anp perſon oz perſons, 
boric politique; 02 Coxpopate , 02 incopozate, iuſtly pretending , clapming, op hauing any li⸗ 
herties , franchifes , pziuiledges, rightes oz prebeminences, by vertue op pꝛetext of any 
graunt, gilt, 02 letters patents, by vs, op anpour pꝛogenitours, herctofoze giuen, graunted, oz 


mare, 

Soreouet, we fo? vs, our heires, and fucceflours, will, and by theſe pꝛeſents, doe graunt vnto 
hela Goucruours Conſuls aſſiſtants, fe lowſhip and communaltie of our Marchants alozeſaid, 
thatcheir faid Gouernour oꝛ gouernours, Conſuls and aſſiſlantg, and their ſucceſſours foꝛ the time 
being in maner forme and nomber aboue rebearfen hall haue ful power and authoꝛitie to aſſigne, 
centtieute and opdaine one officer, oz diners officers as well within our afozelaide Citic of Lon⸗ 
dun as alſo in any other place oꝛ plates of this our Realme of England, op els where within 
an dominions, which officer oz officers, wee will to be named and called by the name of Sere 
ito, Deviants to the fellowlep of communaltie of the ſaid Marchants, and that the fame Ser. 
un Seriants, Hall and map haue full power and authozitie by theſe pꝛeſenta, to take, les 
tend gather all maner fines, fopfcitures, penalties and mulcts of euery perfon and perfons, 
ofthe laine ſellowihippe and communaltie conuict, and that ſbalbe conuicted, vpon oz fon breaking 
ofenv ſtatutes, acts, oꝛdinances, to be made by the ſaide Gouernour oꝛ gouernours, Conſuls and 
iſilants in the time being. 

du ünther, wee will and alſo graunt for vs, our heites and ſutteſſours, that the ſaide offis 
te op officers, (hall haue further power and auchopitie fon the default of payment, oz for dil⸗ 
obedience in this behalfe ( if neede bee) to fet bandes, and arreſt, as well the body and bodies, 
asthe goods and chattels of {uch offender, and offenders, and tranſgreſlers, in euerp place and 
places nut franchiſed: and if it hall foꝛtune any ſuch offender oz offenders, their goods and 
chatels oy anp part thereof, to ber in anp Citie, bozrome, towne incoꝛpozate, oꝛ other place 
eanchifen oz pꝛiuiledged, where the {aive officer oz officers, may not lawfully intromit o; inter · 
meddle chat then the Maiqn, ſhiriffen, bayliffes, and other head officers, o; miniſters, within euery 

Cite, boꝛowe, tomne incorpopate , 02 plate oz places franchiſed, vpon a precept to them, oʒ 
ny oſthem, to be directed from the Gouernour op gouernours, Conſuls and aſſiſtants of the fain 

ö nomber and forme afoꝑeſaid, vnderthe common ſeale of the fain felowſhip ¢ commu⸗ 
walticfng the time being, hall, & may attach and arteſt the boy on bodies of ſuch offender oz olfen⸗ 
bert es alſo take, and ſriſe the goods and chattels of all and euery ſuch offender oz offenders, bes 
ing within any ſuch place op places franchifen, and the fame bodie and bodies, goods and chat: 
else all and euery fuch offender and offenders, being within any ſuch plate oz places franchifen, 
a euer p part thereof᷑ ſo attached and ſeaʒed, hall accopding tothe tenoꝛ and purport of the ſaid 
Nerept. 1 deliuer vnto the ſaide officer, oꝛ officers of the afozefaine fellowſhippe, and 


e. 5 
aa huther. e wil e gran nt fon vs our heiren g fuccellours by chele pretente shat al. euery ſuch 
FE 2 Psion, 


8 


308 The voyages and diſcoueries Q. Maries patent. 


Patop,thiritte bapliffe mn other head officers o minifters, of anp citic, Loyotue, tune intro, 
on other places franchifen, thall noc bee impeachen, moletteD, vexevon {ued in any our corm 
courtes, fo, exetuting oꝛ putting in execution of anp of the Cain preceptor precepts, 

And furthermoꝛe, wee of out ample and abundant grace, meere motion, and certaine hon 
ledge, for vs, our heires, aud ſucteſſdurs, as much as in vs ia, haue ginen and graumted and by 
thele prefents doe gine and graunt, puto the ſaide Gouernour, Confuls, alliſtants, 
and comminaltie of Marcha 


our Marchants and lubiects not common iy frequented : and to enter and land in the fame, nit 
out any maner of denying, paine, penaltie op forfetture to bee had o; taken by any our la met 
fomes oʒ ſtatutes to our vle, oꝛ to the vſe of our heires oʒ ſucteſſoqs for the fame, 

And we haue alſo graunted, and by theſe prefents, foꝛ vs, our heires and ſucteſſons, doe grun 
puto the laid Gouernours, Conſuls, aſſiſtants, fellowſhippe and comminaltie, and to their furces 
ſours, and to their F actozs and aſſignes, and to euery of them, licence for to reare, plant, erett am 
fatten our banners ſlanderds flags, and Enſignes in whatloeucr citie,totwne, village caffe, qe, 
oz maine lande, which ſhalbe by them newly found, without any the penalties, forfettures.o dn. 
gers aforefaive, and that the fain fellowoſlip and commiualtie, and their ſucreſſdꝛs, Factoꝝs and il 
ſignes and euery of them, ſhall anv may ſubdue, pollelle and occupie, all maner cities, totones, 
Ales. and maine landes of inſidelitie, which is op hall bee by them, op any of them newly une 
oz deſcried, as our vaſſals and ſubiects, and fon to acquire and get the Dominion, title, and iuri 


biction of the fame Cities, Te wnes, Caſtles, villages, Illes, and maine landes, which hell 
re by them, oz any of them newly diftoucres 07 founde vnto vs, our heires and ficcelions 
euer. 

And furehermoze, wbereas bythe voyage of our Spubiects in this lat peere attemyted by 
Nauigation, towardes the diſtouerie and diſcloſure of vnknowen places, Realmes, Wands, 
and Dominions by the ſeas not frequenten, it hath pleaſed Almightie God to cauſe one of the 
erde ates them fir fet looꝛth for the voyage, and purpole aboue mentioned, namedthe 

ar 


Edward Bonauenture, to arriue, abide, and winter within the Empire and dominions of the 
high and migbtie Prince our couſin and brother, Lopve Iohn Bafiliuich Emperour ol all Ru 
fia, Volodomerskie, great Duke of Moſcouie, c. Who, of his clmentie, for our loue and 
scale, did not onely admitte the Captaine, and Marchantt our fubiects into his protection, u 
Princely prefence, but alſo reteiued and incertained them very gratisuſip, and Honourably, 
„ graunting vnto them bp his letters avdpetlen onto vs, franke accelle into all bis Seigninits 
and Dominions, with licence freely to traſique in and out wich all his Soubiects in all hindedt 
Marchandiſe, with diuers other gratious pziuilenges, liberties and immunities ſpeciũiet in hs 
ſaide letters vnder his Signet: Ruowe pee therefore hat wee of our further ropall ian 
and munificence, of our meere motion, certaine knowlenge, and ſpeciall grace, for vs dt 
heires, and ſutceſſdurs, haue ginen and graunten, and by theſe Pꝛeſents doe gine m 
aflittants, fellowſbippe, and comminaltie aboue ne 
lx, that all the m 


— 
Q. Maries pam 
C.CTC(000000 


itie, bopowwe, tune incorpo, 
besedo? ſued in any dur cout 
na precepts, 

motion, aud certaint knot, 
se and graumted and bp 

ſule, allifants, fellowthipee, 
Feffours, and to the Tarte m 
ithonitie, libertie, facultie any, 
rrtozies, landes. Tes, Jlamg 
 enterprife vnknowen, or by og 


trrnefles, and all otber netteigof 
aD wich any Marriners, md men 
eſſels at their owne and pan 
atſoeuer Ile, Illaude, countttis 
s wel of Gentile, as of any och 
v ſbalbe . and in whatſbener par 
o enterpꝛiſe vnkno wen, noh 
puter and land in the fame, tuch 
1D op taken by any our lave 
2 the * . 

eires and ſucceſſohs, doe 

— —— 
nee fo2 to reare, plant erect n 
citie, cone, village, calfle, Je, 
he penalties, fopfeitureꝝ m bam 
their ſucceſſozs, Factons andi 
upie, all maner cities, 
t, N; any of them newlp founne 
tthe Dominion, title, anv turf 
and maine landes, which fell 
vs, our heires and ficcefiours 


this tall] peere atte mpted by 
en places, Nealmes, Manns, 
ightie God to cauſe one ofthe 
ife aboue mentioned, namedthe 


Ii bis Seigninies 
ill his Soubiects in all binden 
md immunities ſpeciũiet in his 
ee of our further ropall fauou 
mo ſpeciall grace, fop vs at 
theſe doe gine n 


hip, x their fuccetibys win 
, ann ttancs of the ato 


Purfers inſtrutlions. ofthe Englifh nation. 309 


pisbip and Commumaltie aboue named: an the more part of them, in manner and number afoze- 
fap.forehe time being upon paine of fopteicure, and lolle, as well of the ſhippe, aud ſhippes, with 
ceappercenances,as allo of all the goons, , Ud things whatſoeuerthey be, of thole 
ar Sudiects,not being of the {aid fellowihyppe,and Communaſtie, which ſhall attempt q pre 
mne to fatle to any of chole places, which be. hereafter hall to be ſounde, andtraffiked 
miche one halfe of the fame ſozleiture ta be tothe vie ol vs our heires and ſucreſſqg, and theo 
ger halte co be to the tle of the ſaide fellowthippe, and Communaltte. And if it chall forcune,anp 

m ſtranger f to attempt to hurt, binder, o endamage the ſame Marchants, their face 
on, oz Allignes, o; any ofthem, in {afling, going oz returning at any time in the laide 
anuenture,0op fop co ſaile q; trade to 02 from any chole places, lands, oz coaſteg, which by the ſaide 

their Factoꝭs, Deputies, and Allignes haue bene,op (hall be vefcrien, diftouered, and 
fund o freuuented, as well within che coaftes anv limits of gentilitte, as within the dominions 
sm Deigniopies ol the ſaid nightie Emperour and Duke, and ok all, and euery other Empes 
mer Hing, Piinte, Ruler, d Gouernour whatſoeuer, he, op they be before the laide late aduen⸗ 
nut oz enterꝑile net knowen by any our ſatn Marchants, and lubiects hy the ſeas not common: 
Ipfrequented,and lping Nozthwards, onthweltwards, o; Nathealtwards as afozeſaid, then we 
null nd grant, and by theſe pꝛeſents doe licence, and authoꝛize for vs, our heires, and ſutceſſoꝛs, 
the faid archants the ir Factors, Deputies, and Aſſigneg, and euery of them, to doe their beſt in 
het delenſe ta reſiſt the fame their enterpꝛiſe, and attempts. Gilling cherefore , and ſtraightly 
commanding and charging, all and ſingular our Officers, Maions, Sberifes, Eſcheatozs, Cons 
fables, Bailifs, and all, and ſingular other our Piniſterg, and Liege men, and Subiects whatſo⸗ 
tut to be aiding, fauouring helping, and aſſiſting onto the ſaid Gouernour, oꝛ Gouernours, Con 
fais, Allittantes, fellowſhip, and Communaltie, and to their Bucceſſozs, and Deputies, Factors, 
Hemunts, and Aſlignes, and to the Deputies, Factoꝛs, and Aſſignes of euery of them, in execu 
ung and enioping t he pꝛemiſſes, as wel on land, as in the ſea, from time to time, and at all times, 
then pou a any of pou, ſball be thereunto required. In witnes whereof, xc. 


Apud Weſtmonaſterium, 6. die Feb. Annis regnorum noſtrorum, primo & ſecundo. 


Certaine inſtructions delivered in the third voyage, Anno 1556. 
for RufSia,to euery Purfer and the rest of the ſeruants, taten for the 
voyage, which may ferue,as s good and neceflary directions, to all other 


e aduenturers. 
Art pou ſpall before the ſhippe doch begin to lade, goe aboond, and ſhal there 
Fake, and wuite one inuentoꝛie, by the aduiſe ofthe Maſter, 02 of ſome other 
G ancipail officer chere aboom, of all che tackle, 1, cables, ankers, oꝛdi 
RO) Tepes trance chambers, ſbot, powder, artillerie, and of all other netellaries whatſo⸗ 
g euer doth belong tothe ſaid ſhip: and the lame iuſtly taken, pou (hall write 
n boobe, making the {aid Malter, on lich officer priuie of that which pow 
mitte. ſo that the fame may not be denied, when they ſhall call acrompt thereof: that 
dene,pou (hall mite a copie of the fame, with pour owneband, which pou fhall deliuer before the 
hall pepart,fop the voyage to che companies hooke keeper bere to be kept to their bebalfe, 
tothe ende that they may be iuitly anlweren the fame, when time thall requires and this onder to 
r opderlp, by the purlers of che companies otone ſhtype, in any 


> 


ceaued 


— . — — 
310 The voyages and difcoueries Purfers inſtrudtion 


teiued in all that the companies Agent will haue laden, pou thal make a iuſt copie of that which ig 
laden reciting the parceis che markes and numbers ol euery thing plainly, which pou thal 
— — — Ucn 


3 Alb whenthe ſhip is readieto depatt, pou Chall come for pour cockets and Letters to the 9, 
gent. and thall ſhew him all ſuch letters as pou haue receiued of any perſon 0) perfons 9 
opentp,to be delinered to any perfon op perſons in Ruffia oz elfetnbere, and allo to declare if n 
know any other that (hall patie in the thip either mafter og marinerthat bath receiued anp leery 
to be priuilp deliueredto any there, directed from any perfon op perfong, other then from the Agen 
here tothe Agent there: which letters fo bp pou receiued,pou hall nut carp with you, without peg 
belicenced oto doe by the Agent bere and ſome ofthe foure merchants, as is afopetapd; and fay 
othett as due paſle, hauing receiued any ꝑꝛiuie letters to be delluered. you {hall all that in pou li 
let the deliuerie of them at pour arriuing in Ruſſia: and alfo if you der amin en thal a 
amy other that dothoꝛ bath receiued anp goods op teadie monep to bee imploied in Ruſſia, dj to ee 
deliuered there to any Perfon oz perſons from anp perſon oz perſons other chen ſuch as be the com, 

anita goods, and that vnder their marke, pou ſhall before the ſhippe doeth depart, declare the 
ame truclp to the Laid Agent, and to fome of the other merchants to him adiopned, as it is beige 
declared. 


4 Alfo when the ſhiꝑ is ready to depart, and hath the matter and the whole company abom 
port ſhall diligentiy fopeſee and cake heede, that there paſſe not any pꝛiuie perfon op perſom acht 
then ſuchas be autboyized to palle in the fain thip, without the licence ¢ warrant of one of p Sou 
nours and ol che affitants, for the fame bts pallage, to be firit themed, And ifthere bee anp fag 
perfon op perſons that is to paſle and will paſſe without ſhe wing the fame warrant, you fhall it 
che pa‘lage of anyſuchto the vttermoſtol your power: And fop that there may no furh pray pep 
fon paſſe vnder the cloke and colour ol ſome mariner, you ſhall vpon the waying of pour fips w 
ker,call the maſter and the mariners within boo ꝛd by their names and that by pour bookes, to the 
ende that pou map ſee that pou haue neither moze nop lefle, but iuſt the number fop che vop 
age. 


5 Allo pou muſt haue in temembzaunte, chat if it Wall chaunce the ſhip to bee put into ay 
harbour in this coaſt by contrary windes 0) ſſe in making the vopage, to fend wondthemt 
from time to time as the cafe fhall require, by p in this maner. To maſter 1. B. Ag 
fo the company of the New trades in S. in Lonben : Ik you doe hier any to boing your letters, 
mite that which he muſt haue for the poxage, And for your better knotlenge and learning, n 
{hall do very well to heepe a daily note of the voiage both outwards and home wards. 


6 Andpꝛintipaſiy fee that you forget not dall in all the voiage boch momming and eucning;t 
call the company within boozd to pꝛaper, in which doing pow thall pleaſe God, and the veiage nl 
daue che better fuccefle thereby, ad the company pꝛoſper the better. 


7 Alfo in calme weather and at other times when 8 come to anker in te 
ſeas during the voiage, pou ſhall 3 t, and ſoʒ good huſbanding of the bin 
als aboopd, cali vpou the Boateſwaine andother of the company to Hie Fach Gookes and echte ar 
gines as they haue aboond to take Gth with, that ſuch lich fo taken may bee eaten fop the cine r 
oe i there bee no ſuch engines aboogd, then to pouide lome before you got frm 


8 And when God ſhall ſend you in ſafetie into the Baie of Y. Nicholas at an anker, you hel 
e tar ty vids eee taking with you ſuch letter as ys 
haut to deliuer to the Agent there ꝛ and if he bee not there at pour comming a land, then lend de 
companies letters to Colmogtoto him by ſome ſure mariner oꝛ otherwiſe, as the matter ind en 
ſhall thinke beſt : but goe not pour ſelfe at any hand, nop pet from abooꝛd the ſhip, vnleſſe it has 
{hore to treate with the Agent fo) the lading of the ſhip chat you be appointed in, which roubel 
applic diligently to baue done ſo ſperdily as may ber. And foꝛ the diſtharging of the gooda ther 
in inthe Baie, to ber caren from thence, fee that pow doe looke well to the vnlading thereof, te 
there bee none other goods ſent a {hope then the companies, and attoꝛding to the notes enters u 
2... ͤ esc enter bn an cree 

noting teceiuer of th the companp map 
knotdedge thereof at pourconuning home. * 


Pur fers inftrudtions, 


ake a tuft copie of thar 
plainly oc pou alien 


yospots ball all that in pont 
peop doe eceiue Galina 


id the whole company 
sen perfon tt ee 


per 
n the waxing of pour 
and hae bp pour baten nik 
t iuſt the number for the nop 


nce the Chip to bee put into any 
Je vopage, to fend wondthemt 
aner. To matter I. B. A 
let anp to being your letters, 
fnowlenge and Learning, pos 
sand home wars. 


e doch morning and ewrning.t 
mat enim he wag 


. te 
good Hulbanving of the view 
o HI ſueh hockts and ochet er 
may bee eaten for che cout v 
de ſome before you-goe im 


3 — hla — 

— — 
ding to the notes enten u 
i thep bee, and what goons tp 
e Company may baue the un 


9 Ale 


Purfers inftruétions. ofthe Englith nation, 


9, Also there a hoare, and like vst e aboepd,you (hall pte, and ſearch as {ecretlp as pou map, 
pigarncand knowe what bargaining buping and ſelling there is, with rhe Malter, and the mas 
riners of the ſhippe. and che Ruſſes, oꝛ with the companies ſeruants there: and that which pou (hall 
paceautanplearne , pou thal keepe a note thereof in pour booke, ſecretly to pour felfe, which 
pou hall open, and diſcloſe at your comming home, to the Gouernours, and the A ſliſtants, in ſuch 

he truth of their ſecret trades ann or s maybe reuealed, and kna wen. Nou ſhall 

need attoaies to haue Argos eies to (pie chete ſecret packing and canuapance, as we ll on laud, as 

nun the hippe, of and fop ſuch furres, and other commodities, as peerely they doe vſe to bup, 

conuep hither. At you will be vigilant, and ſerrete in this artitle, pou can not miſſe to 

fpiecheit miuie pack fy one with another, either on (hoare, 0p aboond the ſhippe: wopke herein 
nſeiy, and you hall velerue great thanks of the whole companie. 

10, Alo at the lading againe of the ſhippe. 3 and abide a booꝛd, to the ende 

you may note and tite in pour booke, all ſuch goods and marchandize, as ſball be brought 
und i en, which pon (hall opderly note in all ſextes as heretalope, as in the ſetond article partly it 
istouches : and in any wile, put the Maſter and the companie in remembꝛance, to locke and fope 
frelubtantiallp, tothe roomaging of the ſhippe, by faire meanes oz thꝛeats, as pou ſhall lee aud 
chinks will ſerue ko the belt. N N ; 

11. Thus when the ſhippe is fully laden agatne,and all things abooꝛd in good onder, and that 
nee foytune to goe a ſhaare to the Agent fop pour letters, and diſpatch awap: pou (hal demand 
iphether allthe goods be laden that were brought thither, and to knows the truth thereof, you ſhall 
tepaireto the companies ſtoꝛehouſe there, at S. Nicholas, to ſee if there be any goods left, in the 
faintinchoute: if there be,pou (hall demand why they be not laden, and to note what kind of goods 
they bethat be fo left: aud leeing any ol the ſhippes there, not fully laden, you ſhall put the A gent 
iaremembyance to lade thoſe goods ſo left, if anp ſuch be to be laden, as is afozeſaide. Andthus 
oed ſending you a faire wind, to make ſpeede and away. 

12, Finally, when God ſhall ſende pou to arriue againe vpon this coaſt in ſafetie, either at 
Huewhich, Mels where, goe not you a land, if pou may pollible, to the ende, that when pou be 
gone athoare there may no goods be ſent pꝛiuily aſhoare to be ſolde, 07 els to be ſolde aboopn the 
hip. in pour abſence, but keepe pou fill aboond, if you can by any meanes, fo the cauſes afopes 
lad nd wite the companie a letter from the hippe of pour good arriuall which vou may conuey 
uthemby land. by ſome bop op marriner ok the ſhippe, o otherwile as pou ſhall chinke belt: and 
liuniſe when Goo ſhall fend pou and the ſlippe, into the riuer here, doe not in any wife depart 
sof the ſhippe that pou be n, vutill the companie doe lend ſome other aboozothe ſhippe, in pour 
lerde and place, ta keepe the ſaid ſhippe in pour ablence. 


The Nauigation and diſcouerie toward the Riuer of Ob, 


made by MaSter Stephen Burro we, Mafter of the Pinneſſe called 


the Serchethrift,with diuers things worth the noting,paffed in the yeere, 
1556. 


7 hy fy Markes day, we departed front Blackewall to Grays . 

WAIL The 27. being Mundapy the right Mophipfull Sebaftian Cabota, came a: 
A boodd our Pinnelle at Granefende, accompanied wich diners Gentlemen, and 
af ob Genelewomen, who after that they had vie med our Pinnelle, and taſten o ſuch 

cheere as we could make them abooꝛd they went on ſhoare, gining to our Ma⸗ 

tiners night liberall rewardes: and the good olde Gentleman, Maſter Cabora ratte to the poore 
mul liberal almes, tithing chem to pray forthe good foztune, and fucreffe of the 
Serchethirfte,our Pinneſſe. And then at the ligne of the Chriſtopher, he and his friends banket: 
ted nd made me, and them that were in my i cheere : antforberp top that he had 
wſeethe to wardnes ok our intended diſcouerie, he entred into the vaute himlelle, amount the ret 
of the poung aud luſtie compante : which being ended, he, and his friends Departed mot gentlp, 
ammending vs to the gouernante of Almightie God. 

Cueſday we rode ſtill at Graueſende, making pꝛouiſiou far ſuch things as we wanted. 

Venſday in the monning, we departed from Craueſende, the wind being at Southweſt, and 
that ninbe we tame to an anker thwart of our Ladie of Hollands. 

Churloay at chee of the clocke in the mauing, we water aus by tight of the clocke, we wert 
amn aner in Orwell wumnes, and then incontinent J went abooꝛd che Edward 1 


E departed from Ratliffe to Blacke wall. che 23. of Apa, Datturday being S. wp aas, 


27 


30 


ish: Suet agua eam mE Ce EEE Aarne 
312 The voyages and diſcoueries Stephen Burrugi. 
1 — ———— —— Cem. 

| where the CMopſbipfull companie ol Marchants appoinced me to he, vntilltte fatn 
Note. — ——— returned againe into the pinneſſe. 125 alen 


Maye. 


Friday being che fir vay of Pap ara. of the clocke in the mowing, the hund being at Soy 
kalt, and by Catt, we wated,and went into Orwell hauen. 

Datturdap at hue of the clocke in the moꝛuing, che winde being at Mouth. and by Lele u 
went into the TAlands hut at two of che clocke at aſternoone, the wind ſhited, and came vy at xg 
and by North, and began to blow a good gale: and at foure of the clocke, we waird, and ene» 
gaine into Hare wich. ben end 1 1600 

Mundap at at n Che mozning, we came againe out of Hare wich, 
mul Tab wet- app eigheot the clocke, we were thwart of Oꝛzfondneſſe, Pawar 
thifted,and came at Mouth fourheats and at tuo of the clocke, we were thwart of Dowire, un 
there we cooke in our lailes, and Gated for che pinnefle vntil foure of che clocke, which pinnelie ye 
Ene chither the third day to fetch certaine men, and neceflaries for the Philip and Maric, tha 
we fer off Noꝛtheaſt, vntil fire of the clocke: at the fame time Yarmouth ſterple was off us dies 
Noꝛthweſt, eight leagues, and then we ſet eur courſe Worth. 

From that vntil Tue ſdap ſixe a clocke in the mowing, North 18. leagues, From chat vntill 
South ſunne Noꝛth and by CAlelt che latitude being 54. degrees and a halle, che wind beinge 
this pꝛeſent at Bouthweſt, and by Uleſt. 

6 From chat vntil Wentoay ſixe of the clocke in the moꝛning. Noꝛth, and by Meſt: andateig 
prefent fire a clocke the wind ſhifted, and came at Melt noꝛthweſt: we had the latitude this day n 
Chevariation 55. degrees, 14. minuts: the variation of the co mpaſſe from Noꝛth to Cal almoſt 1 3 degrees, 
eas. whiny that vnto a welt ſunne, liue leagues nopeheat: and at this pꝛeſent the wind thitted tore 
nojtheatt, 

From that vntill Thurſday ſixe a clocke in the momning,s leagues noꝛth wel and by nnch 

From that vntill a ſduth ſunne three leagues nonthwelt: we ſo wunder at this pꝛeſent, md he 
45. fadome, and final mingled white and blacke land, and fome mathes like Hering bones. Me 
had the latitude this day at none, in 5 J. degrees, 23. minuts. 

Fromthat vntill a welt ſunne, nodth xe leagues, a 

From that vntill Friday a ſoutheſt ſunne, Catt ten leagues the wind at noꝛth a ſtille gate, 

From that vntill Daturdap, a noꝛtheaſt ſunne. fire leagues ſouthweſt, and then we tal aben 
to the Noꝛthward the wind being at elt, and by north, 71700 

From that vntill a ſouth welt ſunne, noꝛtheaſt, and by noꝛth eight leagues, and then the hint 
fhiften to the noꝛthwards. 7 

Fromtbat vntill a werk ſunme, two leagues Eat, and bynocb. “af 

From that vntill Sunday thꝛee of the clocke in the moming. fire leagues Call, and by nuch, 
the wind at noꝛthweſt. 
From that vntill Mundap, an Catt ſunne, ſouthealt, and by Houth, 1 3. leagues and a halle, 
From that vnto a ſouth ſouth welt ſunne, thee leagues fouch ſouthweſt, and then the din 
ſhilted, and came at welt, and by north, 
From that vntill a welt ſumue, noꝛth noꝛchwe dd. 
6 e nee in the moꝛning chꝛee of che clocke, north noꝛthweſt, 2 5. leagues 
en noꝛth and by well. 

From that vuto a ſouth ſunne noꝛth, and by weit, 14. lengues, and then it waxed thiche, nthe 
wind came at che noꝛthweſt, and by welt. 

; „ noh welt ſunne, Eaſt noxtheaſt, and halle a point to the or wards, unt 

agues ſcant. 

From that vntill Menſdap, a ſouth ſunne noꝑtheaſt, and by Eaſt, and then we were in 57, 
ee eee att nopeheatt foure leagu 

rom that vnto a nne, dure leagues, a 

From that vntill the 14. day, a ſouth ſunne, the leagues anv a halfe, Eaſt nowtheatt, and then 
we caſt about, the wind beiug at noꝛthealt, 

This Friday we were within 7. leagues of the ſboare, on the coaſt of Norway: the latitudes 
a ſouth ſunne, 58, degrees and a halle, where we fain thyee {ailes,befive our one companie: n 
thus we follotoen the fhoare 07 Lan, tobich lieth nopeh noyehtnett nojel,anb bp toett, and uche 
and bp nonth, as it doch appeare by the plat, Sane 


8 2182 


21 13 


"Stephen Barri Stephen Burrough. of the Engliſn nation. 33 


> WEL LEE RAD lr a MMe AE ane wale Sa eae — a aE 
— oo uma at eas alk ſume, we came to S. Dunitans Illand, which J ſlland I fo named. It was 2, Puntane 
u. ache Cat ae , eren leagues ana ballethe winn being at Spougheat the latitude ehis bey ata out 2, 
42. minutes. Alſothe high round mountaine bare Eaſt ok vs, at a Douth 
this hill is Eaſt ol pou, and being bound to the Noꝛthward the land lieth Month. 


in front this Carve South lunne, onto a Month Cunne twentie leagues 
ning, the wind being u on Ben ene aang Cee 


Upon Dunday at fire of the clocke inthe moming, che farchet land that we could ſte that lap 
ing at Mouth. and by Wel un Aoxhnoehtwetl was Caf of vs thꝛee leagues and chen it trended tothe Nox wards, and to the 
wind Chiteen, and carte up at En Catrwards of the Nonth, which head land Atudge tobe Scoweſneſſe. At fenen of the clocke, we 
pe clocke, we waied, and bent our courte,and went Noth, the winde being at Douthlouthealt, and it waxed very thicke 

* ammitieand when it cleered we went Nonthnopthealt. At a Sourh ſume we lott Hight of the 
of Hare wich, the wind being x Serchethrift,becaule of the mite, making our way Moth. And when we lof fight of the Hoare, 
Drfoponetle, andeben the wine amb pinnelle,we were within two leagues anda halle ol che Moare s the laſt land that we ſawe, 


ve were miſte came vpon vs, which is to the Noꝛthwards of Scoweſneſſe, lap Noꝛthnoꝛtheaſt, 
of the docke bi ree 1 — we made our wap North, vntill a Meſt ſunne ſiue leagues, 
the Philip and Marie, noch fumthat vntil Munday three a clocke in the moꝛning ten leagues, Noꝛthnoztheaſt: and then 


mouth ſterple was off ine went Ranth, aid by Caſt, becauſe the winde came at the elt Douth wert with thicke myſte: 
wie se latunechis bap at a South lunne ſixtie thee degrees aud a halfe truely taken: at this ſeaſon 
18, leagues, From that bitilla we bad linhe ol our Pinnelle againe, 


wanda halle, the wind being « Fromebat vntill Tewſdap a South ſunne Noꝛth northeatk, fourtic foure leagues, and then 
Antheat, From a South ſunne vutill eigbt ok the clocke, fifteene leagues Noftheaſt. 
Noth, and by eſt: and th Fromehat vntill Mevneldap, a Souch ſiume och noztheaſt, except che fir watch Noꝛth⸗ 
: we had the latitude this den um then had we the latitude in ſixtie ſeuen degrees, thirtie nine minutes, Frũ that vnto a Nozth⸗ 
nth to Eat almoſt 1 3,degrees, del lune, eighteene leagues Moztheaſt, and then we were within ꝛ wo leagues of the ſhaze, and 
is prefere the wind hited uche 442 wed to be South wardes of Lowfoote neake out through the miſte, aud then wee 
; ment and bp Catt, t f 
agues nozth wef and by nach fumthe ſayd Noth wee ſunne vntill foure ok the clocke in che moꝛning Noch, and by Eaſt, 


fotunded at this pref tm leagues and a halfe: and then Nozthnoꝛtheaſt vutill a South ſunne, che Latitude being fi 
— — 1 4 and a halfe. From that vntill halle an houre patt ſeuen of che clocke, orb 
nontheatt, eleuen leagues and a halfe, and then wee went Noztheaſt, ten leagues . From that, 
f chee leagues and a halke, Cat NRoztheaſt, and then wee ſawe the lande thꝛough the cloudes and 

he wind at north a ſtille gale, have thwarte on the bꝛoade five of vs, the winde being then at the South ſouthwelt. 

thet , and then we tal chan Fumthat vntill Daturdap, at eight of the clocke in the mozning, Eaſt Nontheaſt, and to the 
— ̃ .. ̃⅛—ÜÄmn— tae a te Bippes 
Leagues, and nothwart of the which Aſuppole is called Kedilwike ¢ ippes 
. ae head to the Seatwardes, becauſe the winde was very (rants and then J tauſed the Piunelt to 
i benein with the ſboꝛe, to fee whether ſhe might finde an harboꝛough fop the ſbips on not, and that 

ire leagues Eat, d by nov, fhe found and lawe two roaders ride in the ſounde: and allo they ſawe houles, But notwithſtan⸗ 
ding, God be pratled.the winde enlarged vpon vs, that we had not occaſion to goe iuto the harbo · 

much, 13. leagues and a belle, tough and then the Pinneſſe bare her Myllen matt ouer booꝛde with flagge and all, and lott the 
ſouth well, and then the wune lage: wich the matt there fell two men ouer booyde , but God be mayled, they were ſaued: che 
1 bes atoken, whereby wee might vnderſtand whether there were a good hatbour there oz 


07th 1 Ata Porth ſunne the Moreh cape (which J fo named the irk voyage) was thwart of vs, which The Rn 
meta 5 l une leagues tothe Caſtwards of the foelapd Chappell trum the ri — poput of ei a 
Dehen it waxed thiche, mathe 
point to the ozeh toards ant 
ff, and then we were in 57,0 


lune. 


Te ſundap we weyed in Coꝛpus Chilli Bay, at a Morheatk and by Eaſt ſunne: the Bay is The ereenrp. 
almot halle a league deepe: the headlande whichis Corpus Chiti poynt, lyeth Souths 
ul. and by Catt, one league from the head of the Baye, where we hada great tyde, like a rare os 
es. ä ache flood: the Bap is at the leaſt two leagues ouer: ſo doe J imagine from the faire forelanne 
halle, Eat noztheaſt, and then aCmpus Chrittt poim tenne leagues Southeaſt, and by Eaſt: It floweth in this Bape, at a 

Lauch md by Clleſt moone full lea. From that we weped vntill feuen aclocke at afternome 
patt of Norway: the latiuen wan leagues Douthealt, and by South: and then we tocke in all our faples, becaule it was 
tlide our oune tompanie: m then bene myſtie, and alfa we met with much pee, that rane out ok the Bape, and then we went 


th, and by welt, and nope South Doutheatk with our forefaple : at eight of the clocke, we heard a piece of opbinance, which 
igi as out of the Edward, which bade vs kate well, and shen we thes off anceher piece, and tune ber 
at 


34 


10 
The latitude 
of Colaps. 


Ir 
A Rufle Los 
dia. 


Lodias hauing 


24. men a 
Vetce. 


The voyages and diſcoueries Stephen Burrongh, 


farewell: we could not one fee the other, betaule of the chicke mite ut a Mopehtwel funne , be 

gan ſome what to cleere, and then we ſawe a hend land, and the fhoare tended to the 

ae ‘ 8 I tudged to be about Croſſe Alland: it was of vs at a noch noꝛthweſt funne, weg 
uthwe ry , 

From this noꝛth noꝛthweſt ſunne, vntill Munday, we went MDourheat, and this 
tame at anker among the ſhoales that lie off, ol point I. oke out, @ nopeheatt, and by Catt ſume 
the wind being at Catt ſoutheaſt. At this point die out, a fouth Moone maketh a full fea, Caye 
good foptune lieth from the Ille of Croſſes fouchat, and bettweene them is tenne leagues, 
point Looke out, lieth from Cape Good loztune, Catt ſoutheaſt, and berweene them are iu 
leagued , S. Edmonds point lieth from point Lookeout Eaſt ſoutheaſt, and halfe a point torte 
ſouthwards, and betwrene them are ſixe leagues. There is betweene theſe two points a Bape 
that is halfe a league deepe, and is full ok thoales, and dangers . At a ſoutheaſt funne we ap, 
ed, and turned to the windwards, the winde being at Eat ſoutheaſt: and at a ſoutheaſt ſunne, ye 
came to an anker, being then a full fea, in fue fadoms and a halfe water. It hieth at this place 
where we roade, and alſo at peint Lookcout, foure fadome water. At a CCickt norel well lan 
we waied, and dziued to the winde wards, vntill Tueldap, a north noztheaſt ſunne, and thenbo 
inga high water, we came to an auker open of the riuer Colape. in eight favome water. Caye 
S. Bernarde lieth from S. Edmonds point, ſoutheaſt, anv by ſouth, and betwixt them ſreſſe 
ieagues, and alfo betwirt them is the Riuer Colape, into which Riuer wee went this au 
ning. 

Henſdap we roave Mill in the ſald Riner, che winde being at noꝛth: we ſent our ſhiffe alanne 
ae dzeſſed s the latitude of the mouth of the Niuer Cola, is ſixtie fiue degrees, fortic aud tigt 
minuts. N 

Churloay at 6. ot the clocke in the moꝛning chere came abooꝛd of vs one of the Ruſſe Lodiatt, 
rowing withtwentie oares, and there were foure and twentie men in her. The Mater ol the 
boate pꝛeſented me with a great loafe of bead, and ſixe ringes of bead, which they call Colp 
ches, and foure pied pikes , ‘and a pecke ok line oatemeale, and J gaue vnto the Malter of the 
boate, a combe, and a ſmall qlaile : and he vet lared vnto me, that he was bound to Pechora, any 
after chat, J made them to pinks, the tide being ſome what bꝛoken, they gently departed. Che 
Maſters name was Pheother. 1 1 

Mhereas the tenth day, J {encour pinnelle on ſhoare to be mended, becauſe the was leile, 
and weake, with the Ca und chꝛee men more to helpe him, the weather chanced fo; thet 
it was Sunday, before they could get abooꝛd our ſhippe. All that time they were without pou 
ſion of victuals, but onely a litle bꝛean, which they {pent by Thurſday at night, thinking to haut 
tome aboord when they had lifted, bnt wind and weather denied them: inſomuch that they wer 
laine to eate graſle, and ſuch weedes, as they could finde then aboue grounde, but freth warn 
pal 17 plentie, but the meate with fome of them conto {cant frame by reaſon of their quesse 

From Thurldap at aſternoone, vntill Sunday in the moming, our barke did rive ſuch! 
roade ſted, that it was to be maruelled, without the helpe of God, ho we the was able to abide 


it. 

Inthe bight of the ſoutheaſt ſhoare of the riuer Cola, there is a good roade in five fadome, 
foure fadome and a halfe, at a lowe water: but pou ſhall haue no lande noꝛth Moꝛtheaſt of pou 
then. J pꝛooued with our pinneſſe, chat the depth goeth on the ſoutheaſt ſhoare. 

Thurſday we waied our ankers in the Niner Cola, and went into the Sea ſeuen op eight 
leagues, where we mette with the winde farre noꝛtherlp, that of force it conſtrained vs to got 
gaine backe into the {aide Niuer, where came aboond of vs ſundzp of their boates, which deck 
red vnto me that they were alfo bound to the noꝛthwards, a fiſhing for Mozſe, aud Salmon, a 
gaue me liberally ot their white and wheaten bꝛead. f 

As we roade in this riuer , we ſawe daily comming vowue the riuer many ok their Lovias, 
and they that han leaſt, had foure and twentie men in them, and at the lat they grewe to thine 
faile of them: and amongſt the reſt there was one of them whole name was Gabriel, whole 


From golape ed me very much friendſhippe, aud he declared vnto me, that all they were bound to Pechora, 4 
B n B. 5 Aine for Babmons, and Worſes: infornuch chat bee chewed mee bp vemonitrations, ür 
dals lalung. with a faire winde wee hav ſeuen oz eight daies failing to the Riuer Pechora, fo that Aus 


glad ot their companye. This Gabriel pomilento gine mee warning of fhoales, as hee di 
peeve, 
Munday being the one anv twentieth day, Gabriel gaue me aharell of meee a ot 


toferour lailes aud! 
netre n high water: 
barre in the entrance 
w lead it in, and befo 
promt helices 

averpbycach, thi 
axhers allo, hetwing 
leme toned fop ch 
ou ankers were to 
alfo and leut it vs. 


unde at Eaſtſout he 
e foone as we wer 
an 
bar lolt. This Gab 
after we had thus cot 
lg and made them! 
ther of chet fhiffes al 
welt in Colmogro, 
worth. his fmelaid 
hin thanks fo the lo 
maner that ik the pre 
bought nothing wit 
then ltaue and wen 
wong, and by the ea 
chenthe other: but yt 
there were 17 lodiae 
an 
n 

tothe riuer Colap. 

And as J vnderl 


Burrongh, Stenen Burrough. ofthe Englifh nation. 315 


welt funne , (peril friends gave me A barrell of bere which was carped vpon mens backs,at leatt two mules, 
1 qpundap we departed fromcheriucr Cola, with all the relt ol the fand Loviag, but ſalling be- 22 
wen lunne, wet kuh, mne, dhey wert all oo good fop vs : but accopbing co por: this Oatiiel and his frieny Cde curtetie, 


ppoften trike their (ales and taryep fo) vs foxlaking cheit owne company. 8 
nob» Caf om, l 
5 full — 
enne len 

ene them af 
halle a point tothe 
wo points a Bape : ne Gabſiel came aboopd with big Mitte, and then J rewarded him fop the good 
ow ha we tape ore ite hee ih vs ouer the thoales tite two [mall uo combes, anda ne ald, 
unnt, toe wh nö 07 tiger trillen ohe, fop which he was not vugratefull. But notwithllanding, his fire 
. 5 5 phad gotten further do the Nozthwards. 

noꝛth well laut 1 5 being Midlunnmer day, we ſent our (hiffe a land to found the crecke, where they 


unne, andehende ſundit almoli die ar a lom water. And all the Lodias within were on ground. 


me water. Cape 17 , 
sea Althougbthe barbopough were euill, pet the Romp Cimilicude of Moztherly tindes tempted vs 
„ toferour lailes aud we let flip a cable ud an anker, and bare with the harbozough, lo it was then 


netten high water: and as al wayes in ſuch iournyes varieties do chance, when we came vpon the 


it our ſkiffe a me bm in the entrance of the crecke che winde did fhyinke ſo ſuddenly vpon ba, that we were not able 
8, fontie undi mleaditin, and before we could haue flatted the thippe betme the winde, we ſhould haue beene on 

n on the lee ſhoze, fo that we were couſtrained to let fall an anker vnder our ſailes, and rove 
che Ruſſe Lodiaes Euch, thinking to haue warpt in. Gabꝛiel came out with bis thiffe, and fo did ſundiy 
The Mader ofthe thers allo, ſhewing their good will to helpe bs, but all to no purpole, for they were likely to haue 
ch they call Cin heene damned fo their Labop, in fo much that A deſired Oahziel to lend me his anker, betaule our 
the Pale of the tam amnkers were too big we im our (hiffe to lap out, twho lent me his otune and boyrowed another 
bed — alfo and leut it vs. Then we layd out one of thoſe ankers, with a hawſer which he had of 140 fas 


ung think ing to haue warpt in. dut it would not be:fop as we ſhozted vpon the ſaid warpe the 
tly departed. Che anker came — f that we were faine to beare the end of the warpe, that ine ruthen inte the 
fe the was let other finall anker that Gatniel ſent abooyd, and layd that anker to ſeawards: and then betweene 
es chants le dheiettun ankers we trauerten the thippes headeafeatwards, and ſet our foyefaile and maine faile, 
21 3 -aadtohen che bake bad way, be curche hatultr, aid lo gat the ſtatu our ftiend, andtryedout ali 
: dhe ee that day with our maine coꝛle. 


Che Thurſday we went roome with Cape S. Tohn, where we found indifferent good rode 
fina Rthnontheaſt wind, and foz a need, o; a Noꝛth aud by Meſt winde. 

friday at afternoone we weyed, and departed from thence, the wether being meetly faire, g the 
frindeat Ealtſout he aſt, and plyed forthe place where we leftour cable and anker, and our hawſer: 
gin lune as we were at an anker, the foꝛeſad Gabziel came abooꝛd of vs, with tee oz foure more 
ofthei null boats, and bꝛought with them oftheir Aquauitæ and meade, pꝛoleſling vnto me very 


e did ride furh a 


e was able wan: nuch friendſhip, and reiopced to {ee vs againe, declaring that they earneflp thought that we had 

in fue kodont las luſt. This Gahpici declared vnto me, that they had ſaued both the ankers and our hawſer, and 
yet ne af of 5 after we hadehus communed, J caufen 4.02 5 of them to woe into my cabbin, where J gaue them 
b Noßtheal en fige,and made them ſuch chere as J could. Chile I was thus banketing of them there came ano 
a tun ther or their fkiffes abooꝛd, with one who was a Rerill, whoſe name afterwards J learued, ¢ that he 
des sng 5 weltin Colmogro, and Gabpiel dwelled in the tonne of Colay, which is not far from the riuerg 

aiued vs og imoutl, This fonefain Kerill laid vnto me that one of the ankers which J bozowed was his, A gaue 
ates , wht bin thanks fin the lone of it, thinking it han bene fufficient , And as J continued in one atuſtomed 


band Balnon, an mmer that ifthe pꝛeſent whichthey bought were woꝛth interteinment, they had it accodingly, be 
€ chee Leung bought nothing with him, e cherfore J regarded him but little. And thus we ended, and they tocke 
＋ 10 si then leauc and ment a fhore. Ar their comming a ſhoze, Gabziel and Rtrill were at vnconuenient 
5 ed 11 bund, aud by the eates, as I vnderſtand: the caule was becaute the one had bettrt interteinment 
Werte 95 3 chenthe eher: but pou (hall onder land that Gabziel was not able to make his party good, becaule 
und to N there were 1) lodias of Rerils company who tooke his part. and but 2 ot Gabziels company. 
, wee q ins Che next high water Gabziel and his company departed from thence, and rowed to their former awentie eight 
bra, fo that ome which were — 28 of them at the leaſt, and all ofthem belonging yn tag 
a 


ales, as her wor 5. 
Audas 2 eee ee eee ae 27 
¢ ur 


rede, aud one of bis 


u 


ww 
2 7 


> 


Ere Sie Perr 


é ‘ i N 
T 


316 


28 


he voyages and diſcoueries Steuen Burrongh, 


haue beene his owne, and at firſt would not deliuer it to our boat, inſomuch that J lent bien wn 
that J would complaine vpon hint, wherupon he deliuered the hawſerto my company. 
Thenext vay being Saturday, J {ent our boat on thope co Leech reſh bunter and wood, ant 
their comming on (hope this Kerill welcomed dur men molt genclp,and alſo banketen them tau 
in the meane time tauled ſome of his men to Gil our baritoes with water, and to helpe ound 
beare wood into their boat ꝛ and then he put on his beſt fithe coate, and his coller of peartes, au 
came abooꝛd againe, and bought his prefent with him: and thus hauing moye reſpect yntabis pe, 
fent then to bis perfon, becaule J perceiued him to be vainegioious, J bavde him welcome, aap 
gaue him a diſh of figges : and then he declared vnto me chat his father was a gentleman dtn 
he was able to thew me plealure, and not Gabꝛiel, who was but a prefs forme, 7 
After their departure from vs, we weyed, and plped all the elbe to the winde ward, the wan 
being Moztherly, e towards night it waxed very ſtoꝛmp, fo that of fopce we were canſltapnedti gy 


The latitude oF rome with Cape S. John againe, in which Moye we loſt our {kifie at our ſterne that we 


Cape d. John 


66 Degrees 50 
mmuts. 


Earth (wine 
ming aboue 
water like 


at MAardhouſe, and there we rode vntill the fourth of July. The latitude of Cape B ne 
degrees 50 minuts, And it is to be noted, chat the land of Cape O. John is of heigbt flomtze hay 
fea marke, as J iudge 10 fathoms, being cleane without any trees growing. x alſo without cha 
oꝛ rocks, and conſiſts onely ol blacke earth, which is fo rotten, that il any of it fall into the ſta x 
will wimme as though it were a piece of wood. In which place, about chee leagues fromey 
fhoze pou ſhall not haue aboue 9 fadom water, and clay ground. 


‘Julie 


Maturday at a Nopehnoneh welt firme, the winde came at Cattroneheatt, x chen we weyrd ap 
plyed to the Rorthiwards,and as we were two leagues hor paſt the Cape, we fatwa boule landing 
in a vallep, which is dainty to be feene in thoſe parts, and by and by A (atu three men on the opc 
the hill. Then J iudgedthem as it afterwards procued, that they were men which came from fome 
seid eters traps to take vermin foꝛ their furres, which trappes we did perceiue verp thiche 
longſt the as we went. 

Sunday at an Cat ſunne we werethwart off the ereeke where the Nulles lay, andthere came 
to an anker, and perceiuing the moſt part of the Lodias to be gone, we thought it not goodto m 
any longer there, but weyed, and ſpent all the ebe ylying to the windewards. 

Munday at a South ſunne it was high water. All alongt the coaſt it flowweth little, onelpa 
South moone makes a full ſea: and as we werea weying we efpied the Rule Lodias which 
lirſt lot , They came out of a crecke among the ſandy billes, which billes beginne 15 legung 
Nooꝛthnoztheaſt from Cape S. John. 

Plping this ebbe to an end, we came to an anker 6 leagues Noxthnoꝛtheaſt from the place where 


we lawthe Rulles come out: and there the Nulles harboured themſelues within a foonke 


Che latitude 
an rees 
and a palfe, 


but there was not water enough fo2 vs. . 

At a Noꝛth ſunne we weped, and plyedto the Noꝛtchwarde, the land lying and 
Southfourhwek vntill a South ſunne, and then we were in the latitude of 68 degrees ea ballet: 
and in this latitude ende thoſe ſandy hilles, and the land beginneth to lie North and by Wel, 
South and by Cat, and NRoꝛthnoꝛth welt, and to the Meſtwards, and there the water beginne 
to waxe deepe. 

At a Nonthweſt fame, we came to an anker within halle a league of the hore, where we had goed 
plenty of fiſh, both haddocks and cods, riding in 10 fathom water. 

Uedneſday we weyed, and plyed neerer the head land, which is called Caninos, the windelt 
ing at Eaſt and by Noth. 

Thurlday che winde being fhant we turned to windewardꝝ che ebbe to get about Caninos the 
latitude this day at noone was 68 degrees 40 minuts. a 

Friday we turned to the windeward of the ebe, but to no purpoſe: and as we rode at an anket, 
we ſawthe ſimilitude of a ſdoꝛme rifing at Noꝛthnoꝛthweltf, and could not tell where to get rode un 
ſuccoꝛ for that winde, d harboꝛough we knew none: and that land which we rode vnder with thet 
winde was alee ſhoze. Aud as J was muſing what was belt to be done, J ſaw a ſaile tome out of 
a creeke vnderthe the foꝛſaid Caninoʒ which was my friend Gabpiel who forfooke his 
and company, and came as necre vs as he might, and pointed vs to the Ealkwards, and then we 
weped, ny followed him, and went Galt and by South, the winde being at Meſtnchchwell, us 
very miſty. ' 

Daturdap we went Catt foutheal ¢ follower Oabhiel, and he brought vs into an d 


Th cect eee 
t, inſomuch that J ſent dj 
inferto my company, W 
erh kreſh water and wood, ang gg 
nlp, and alſo banketen them 3495 
th water, and co helpe OUT mene 
te, and his coller of pearies, say 
haulug mode reſpert puto tap 
ss 1 badde bim welcome, amb 
her was a gentleman 
ee ih 
be to the winde ward the toi 
if force we were 2 
pr Su . tug 
Latitude of Cape O. John i860 
© Johntsok heigbrfwmthe nay 
es growing. x alſo without dun 
bat ik any of it fall into theta, i 
re, about three leagues fromtty 


hoftheaſt, x then we weyed aap 
e Cape, we lam a boule mag 
by A law three men on the top of 
were men which tame from um 
pes we did perteiue ver thichew 


ethe Ruſles lap, andthere come 
e, we thought it not goodto tm 
windewards. 

be coaſt it flo weth little, onelpa 


(pied the Ruſſe Lodias tobich ix’ 


which billes beginne j le 


thnoztheaſt from che place tuhere 
miclues within a foonke banks, 


and lying Kutehnothert an 
latitude of 68 degrees ea ballet 
neth to lie Month and by Wel, 
, and there the water beginn 


te of the ſhoꝛe. nihere he had good 
is called Caninos, the windelt 
ebbe to get about Canines ste 


fe sand ag we rode at an anker, 
ld not tell where to get rode nop 
which we rode vnder with thet 
e done, I ſaw a ſaile come out of 
iel who forfooke his harbowugh 
to the Cafkwards, and then we 
e being at Meſtnoꝛthwell, av 


Hrongiaos he mbar g 


s Steuen Burrongh, Sen Burrough. 


“ofthe Engliſh nation. 317 


which is zo leagues krom Cuning , and we bad vpon the barre going in two fa: Meigmauete 
rent fot) p sand after we were palt in bir che Barve, it wexed Deeper, im we had 5 fa: 60. 
ba anv a hülft and 3 fathom, Fr. pi barke being moped, Aleut ſome ofour men to ſpaare 
ue hood, where they bab plenty of dꝛift topad,, Hut e : and in this place we Drift wood. 
dunn ent: of pooner ſomle, as gules, feapies, mibdothets, the Quilts would eat none, 
wre were for? fo? there rame the moꝛe to out patt. 

— fk OOD on fhoare, and bought it abooꝛd, anv we balatten bur thippe with 12 
5% vonn Gabpicl fate a fmnoke on the way tubo rotweD neni ith bis hi ubich fake 
spas no leagques from the place tobere me road: and at a Noth werk funne he cattee abooy againe, 
anboranbt with him u Sparrropd, which was but a pong man ꝛ his appareil was then ſtrange vn ⸗ u mod. 
ubs nd he pꝛelentev me wü three poong wulde geele, and one poong batnacle. 

Sunday Aſent amar to che maine in Gabpiels boat, and he bought vs a bond eight bartitbes 13 
ih water: the latitude of the tard Moꝛgiouets is ſirtie eight degteen and a tierſe. It flowery 
tente Bouthlouthweſtmoone full lea, and byeth two fadome md a hallt matt. 

Ga Cefn orth welt ſunne we d from this place, and went Caf 25 leagues, and chen 14 
enen Jm North and by Alem of vs eigbt leagues, which Illand zs called Dolgaieue: and Dolgoieue an 
fromthe Caſtermolt part of this Ifland, there lpeth a land Calf and by South tuen leagues Sis tanb fed 
wr inetbay et Noth And by Catt fimne, wee trose was South of vs y leagues, Charles Aach 

Chis vay at afternoon we went in ouer the dangerous barre of Pechora, and had vpon the man verilben. 
lum but one fathom water. \ 15 

Cyurfoay we toad frill, 5 i? 16 

Friday J went on thoare , and oblerued the vattation of the compalle, which was three de⸗ 17 
grresanih a halte from the Noꝛth coche elt: che latitude this day was firtie nine degrees terme Toe — 

funtboo opthee legues to the Eaſtward of Swetinos vntil the entring of fhe riuer Pechora, 
isall (andy billes, and to ward Pechora the ſandy hilles ate very low. 

gebighethon the barre of Pechora foure foot water, and it ſuwech there at a Southweſt moone 


afull (ea, 8 ne 1 
Munday at a Noth and by Catt ſunne, we weped, and came out ouer the ſayd dangerous 2 
burt, uhere we had but ſlue toot water, inlomuch that we found a foot leſſe water coming out 
chon We be going in. Athinke the reafon was, becault then ur went in, the winde was off che 
fea, hich cauled the ſandes to bꝛeabe on either five of vs, and tic kept in the fmooth ft berweene 
heaches, which we durſt not haue Done, except we had leene che Kulles to haue gone in vee 
ſebs: and at our comming out the winde was off the ſhoare, and fappe wether, and chen the ſands 
. as at our going in: we thanke God, chat our thippe did tzaw fo lit: 
water, 


When we were a ſeabodꝛdthe barre, the winde {canted vpon vs, aud was at Eaſtſoutheaſt, ins 21 
ae ſtopped the ebbes, and plyed all the flouds tothe winde wards, and made our way 


cuelday at a Nopthweſt ſunne we thought that we had ſerne land at Caſt, o Eat ¢ by North 
ofbs: which afterwards pꝛooued to be a mouſtrous heapeof pee. 

Within a little more then halfe an boure after we Girl ſaw this pee, we were inclofed within Ice, 
thefnne we were aware of it, which waz a featefull fighe to lee: fop, fo; the ſpate of lite houres, it 
data much as we coulu do to keepe our ſhippe aloofe from one heape of pre, and beare roomer 
lum another, with as mach winde as we might beare a coarſe. And when we had paſt fromthe 
bangerof this pce, we lay to the Eaſtwards clofe bythe winde. 

Che net day we were againe trouble with the pee, 22 
‘Charlday being calme, we plyento the windwards, che winde being Ruthetly. Ciehaveye, 23 
laitudethis day at noone in 7o degrees 11 minuts. The latituds 

Me had not rine patt two hotrres Nozthwelt, the winde being at aft and Nonth if ming. 


tahandby Moth a good gale, but we niet againe wich another brape of te: we hethered the head 
r and lay a time to the ſeawards, aud made way Melt s leagues, 
Friday at a Southealt fine, we rat about tothe Cattwatds, the winde being ar NRochnanth ⸗ 24 
iche latitude this day at noone was 70 degrees 15 minuts. 
On, James his dap bolting to the windemerdg, we had the lutttude at noone in leuentie de⸗ 25 
ſame day ä ſunne, there was a monftrous CTihale 
g 2 


dees twentie minuts. 
abood 


31 


8 The voyages and difcoueries Steuen Burrough, 


— — . — p ĩ ] — 
abood of bs, fo nere to our {ive that toe mighe haue chet a [wann ur anpacher weapon inn, 


gan 


26 


2 
. 
ofthe compas 
7 es and 


28 


The 
of 10 — 
She wap to 


A 0e hil 
itt Noua Zembla, 


Lothake. 
29 
30 


1 
I Mans 
of Baigats, 


which we durſt uot doe foz frare be Mould hate duerthtowen aur ſhippe; aud then J calle 
company together, and all bus ſpomted, aud with thecry chat we made he departed from bs; they 
was as much aboue water of his bache as the Nenth of our pinnelle, aud at bis falling dont, ty 
made luch a terrible noyſe in the water, that a man would greatly haue macuellecd, except he bap 
knotune the caule of it: but, Cod be thanked, we were quitt i delivered of ham. Andalucte afin 
wie pped certaine Aland, with which we bare, and found good harbq in 15 02 18 fathom, any 
blacke oze: we tame to an anker at a Nuꝛthealt funne,¢ named the Illand S. James his Yam, 
where we found kreſh water. 2 

Sunday mut winde blowing, we rode fill, 

Munday J went on (hoare, and tooke the latitude, which was 70 6.42 minus thb 
riatton of the tompalſe, was ai denen the hoses the 5 the Melt. 

Tuelday we plyed ta the ards alongſt the ſboare, the winde being at Nonthweſt, anvag 
9] was about tu come tu auer, me fato a ſaile comming about the point, whereunder tue house 
to haue aukered. Then A ent a Chiffe aboard of bin, and at their comming aboord; theß tai 
acquaintance of chem, andthe chiefe man faid he had bene in our company in che riuer Comm 
allo declared vnto them that we were paſt the way which Mould bring vs to the Ob. Thul 
ſatd he, iscalled Noua Zembla, that is to fap, the Nem land: and then he came aboond bim lie 
with his ckiffe, and at his comming aboopd he tolde me che like, and laid further, that m this No. 
ua Zembla is the higheſt mountaine in the woꝛld, as he thought, and that Camen Bolſhay, bi 
is on the maine of Pechora, is not to be compared to this mountaine, but I Lato it not: he nden 
alſo certaine demonſtrations of the vay to the Ob, and ſeemed to make hatte ou his ount u 
being very lothe to tarp, becaule the peere was farre paſt, and his neighbour bad fet Pe chor 
not he: ſo J gaue him a ſirele glaſſe, two pemter ſpoones, and a paire of veluet ſhethed Ian 
and then be lermed lame wat che moze willing to tary, and thrived me as much as he nen 
our purpole: he allo gaue me 17 wilde geeſe, and ſhewed me that foure of their lodias were dx 
uen perforce from Canino p tu this Noua Tembla. This mans name was Loſhabe. 

CHrermefdap, au we plped to the Caſtwards. wee eſpyed mother faile, wuhich was one ofthis le 
Nate ne toome, and fpake wich hum, who in like ſo t tolde vs of the Db, as 

Thurldap, we plyed tu the Cattwards, the winde being at Cattnoptheatt. 

Friday, che gale of winde began to increaſe, and came Wietterlp withall, fo that by a Buch 
welt lunne we Were at an ander among che Tllands of Aaigata, where we fain tivo Inulin 
the one of hem came abooꝛdol us, and pꝛeſented me with a great loafe of hyead: and they tiben 
Fe 3 lin ee {eemento be che die 
leſt among them in killing of ch moe. * 

There were ſome a them company on thoye, which did chaſe a white beare auer che high dil 
into the water, which beate, the lodia that was abooꝛd of vs, killed in our ſight. 

This day there was a great gale of winde at North, and we ſam fo much pre diuing a ſeabend 
thůt it was then na going to lea. 


Auguſt. 


eile, audat bis falling damm 

* 
eliuered of hum. And alucte afer 
} harbop in 15 02 18 fatkorn, any 


tc company inte vitice Col 

Hing vs to the Ob. Taste 
and then he came abooyd bim fel 
and ſaid further, that m this No. 
and that Camen Bolthay, hich 
aine, but Alam it not: hemnene 
d to make hafte ou his ou tup, 
is neighbour bab fet Pechon m 
A paire of veluet ſhethed tat 
bewed me as much as he lenz 
bat foure of theicloviag hen 


what 


ſterly withall, ſo that by a 


» tabere we fat cto mul a 
t loafe of bead: and they toben 
echora, tubo ſtemedto be che dis 


ea white beare ower the bight 
D in our ſighe. 
w fo much pee dpiwing a feabooy, 


hey bad killedꝛthey held one tooth 
Chinne at thyee robles andtwoto 
ids on the great Illand, and thet 
couerings made of deere ſkinntt, 
ue great plenty of deere. 


Feen Burrough. ofthe Englifh nation. 
‘aia ther mouthes, being all bloudy, Ithought that to be the table wheron they offeredtheir 
ate: J Caw alfo che inftruments, whereupon they had roatted ieh ans as farte as q could per: 
dine they make their fire directly vnder the ſpit. 


Load being there pꝛeſent, tolde me that theſe Samopds were not ſo hurtfull ag they of Ob The samoins 


chm they baue no houles, as in deed J ſaw none, but onelp tents made ol deere fkimues, of the b verr 
Aae bnDeePADDE with Makes and poles : cheyp boats are made of deere fhimes, and when e 


they come on (hoare they cary they boates with them vpon their backes : for theyz carriages they 
hero ocher bealtes to ſerue them, but deere onely. As for thead and come they haue none, ers 
aethe Nulles Dring it to them: their knowledge is very bate, for they know no letter. 

Cueſday we turned fo the harboꝛough where Lolhaks barke lay, whereas befoze we road bit: 
pean Flaud « And chere he came aboopdof vs, and ſaid vnto me: if God fend wude and wea⸗ 
ther to lime, J will goe to the Ob with pou, beraule the mopfes were fant at theſe J Alauves 
dngus: but if he could not get to the riuer ol Ob, then he laid he would goe to the riner of 
fannesay, where che people were not altogether fo ſauage as the Samopds of the Ob are: he 
fhewen me that they will ſhoote at all men to the vttermolt of their power, that can not ſpende they, 


* — we lawaterrible heape of pre approchneere vnto vs, and therefoze we thought 
good wich all {peed polſible to Depart from thence, and fo q returned to tly Meſtwards againe, to 
the Lund where we were the 31 of July. f . 

Churfday J went a ſhoare, and tooke thelacicuve, which was 70 degrees 25 minuts: and the 
piriation ofthe compaſſe was 8 degrees from the Noꝛth to the CUleſt. 


fhoare taking the latitude, and went to the Southwards: Jmaruelled why he departed fo ſudden⸗ 
h, and went ouer the ſhoales amongſt the Illands where it was impollible for vs to lollom them. 
But after I perteiued them to be weather wile, N 

Friday we roadſtill, che winde being at Noꝛthnoꝛtheaſt, with a cruell Nowe , The pte came in 
foabundantly about vs at both ends of the Illand that we road vnder, that it was a fearefull fight 
tobeholde: the ſtoꝛme continued with ſno w, raine, and haile plenty. 
* @aturvay we road Mill alſo, the Torte being ſomewhat abated, but it was altogether mi · 
fty, chat we were not able to ſee a cables length about vs, the winde being at Nozthealt and by 
att, 


" Sunday at foure of che clocke in the moming we departed from this Illand, the winde being 
at Woutheaſt and as we were cleere a {ea boopothe ſmall Illandes and fhoales, it came ſo thicke 
ee that we could not ſee a bale ſhotte from vs. Then we tooke in all our ſailes to make 


way. 

gta Southeaſt ſunne it waxed cleere, and then we fet aur ſayles, and lay cloſe by the winde to 
the Southwards alongſt the Illands of Uaigats. At a Teſt ſunne we tooke in our Layle againe 
bernnte of the great miſt and raine. Me founded at this place, and had fine and twenty fachoms 
water, and ſolt blacke ose, being thꝛee leagues kromthe ſhoare, the winde being at South and by 
Entf, but Hill miſty. 

Munday at an Eaſt ſunne we ſounded, and had 40 fathoms, and oze, Mill miſty: at noone we 
founded againe. and had zo fathom, Mill miſty. 

Pin dla Caſtnoꝛtheaſt finme, we let fall our anker, in epee and twenty kadomt, the miſt 
continuing. 

Vedne ldap at thꝛeeok the clocke in che moming che mitt bꝛake vp, the winde being at Moꝛth 
Catt ¢ by Eatt, and then we ſaw part ok the Wands of Uaigats, which we bare withall, and went 
Cattloutheatt cloſe bythe winde: at a ett ſunne we were at an anker vnder the South welt 
patt of the ſaid Uaigats, and then J ſent our Chiffe to ſhoare with three men in her, to fee if they 
might ſpe ake with anp ol the Samopds, but could not: all chat day was rainie, but not windie. 

Churfoay the winde came Meter ly, ſo that we were faine to ſerke vs another place to ride in, 
hecatife the wide came a feaboord land, and although it were miſty, pet we followed the thoare 
byour lead: and as we nought land in the winde of us. we let fall our anker. At a Meſt ſunne 
owe fothat we might ſee about vs, and then we mighe percciucthat we were entred 

d 


This afternoone we tooke in two op thyre Chiffes lading of ſtones to balaſt our ſhippe withall. 
Abyeth beere foure foot water, and ſioweth by fits, vnrertaine to be iudged. 

Friday we road till in the fottnd,che winde at South welt, with very much taine, and at the end 
Stheraine it wares againe milly. 
Os 3 Saturday 


Lochake and the two ſmall Lodias of Pechora departed from this Iſland, while J was on ot 


bn 
feat 


5 


6 


The latitude. 
variation 
the compas . 


13 


4 
certain; 
t of ebbing ¢ 

ing, 


15 Daturdaythere was much winde at Melt and much raine,and then againe mittic, 


16 Sunday was very miſty, and much binde. rey 
17 Munday very miſty the winde at T Neſtnotchweſt. 4 mgbeh 
18 Cueſdap was alle milly, exrept at nooue : chenthe ftmne Habt out through he mik, io carte 12 
had che latitude in 7o degrees 10 minuts: the afternoone was milly againe, the winde being e spurt 
| 
19 Mednelday at chee ofthe clocke afternoone the milt rake vp, and che winde came at — 
cat, and then we weed. nd went South ¢ bp Eaſt vntill feuen of the clocke, eight Leagues, tim du. 
king to haue har ige of the fandp hilles that ate to the Caltwards of the riuer echora , da Dun 
Hot welt ſonne we cooke in our maine ſaile, berauſe the winde increaſed, and went with fore (ale ul Conte 
5 the winde being at Calnontheaſt: at night there grew ſo terrible a fientie t 
Wwe ſam noc the like, although we had indured manp ſtermes fhace we came outof Engimd. % may! 
was woondertull that our barke was able to byooke (uch monſtrous and terrible ſeas, boathout tie Alt 
great helpe of God. obo neuer faileth them at need, that put their ſure truſt in him. bert fait 
20 Thuridap at a Dourhlouch werk funne, thanks be to God the Aopme was at the highelt, ether Souther 
Cher were the winde began to flake, anv came Woncherlp withall, and chen J reckone che Tiettermott pong 
8 ts bol the riner Hechoꝛa to be South of vs 15 leagues. At a Meſtſouthweſd ſunne we fer out 
Want of maine ſaile, and lap cloſe by the winde, the winde being at Nonthweſt and by Noꝛth, making bu Eu 
Weibel. ttle pe an 75 billom went fo high ꝛ at midnight we catt about, and the ſhippe capen Rh kon 
g little wap. e 
21 Friday at noone we had the latitude in 70 degrees 8 minuts, and we ſounded, and had 29 Pact 
fathoms land. and in maner fremp ground. At a Tie ſunne we calt about to the Wettruarrs, u iuml 
and a little after the winde came up at Tlelt. adm 
23 Daturdap was calme: the latitude this day at noone was o degrees and a tierſe, we oun 
ber reiurne herre, and had nine and fortie fathoms and oze, which oz fignified that we ew towards Nom Ad 


a. Au⸗ Zembla. 
Aud thus we being out of all hope to diſcouer any moze tothe Caller ward this pere, we 
it beſt to returne, and that fo? cher cauſes. Fan 
Che fir, che continuall Moreheatt and Northerly winden, which baue more power aſtera man 
is paltto the Caſtwardes of Caninos, then in anp place that A doe know in theſe Nonthenyr 


ns. 
b betauſe of the great ¢ terrible abundance of pte, which we ſaw with our eyes v 
doubt greater {tore alideth in thoſe parts: I abuentured already ſomewhat too farre in it, bu 
thanke God fo my Cafe deliuerante from it. 

Third, becauſe chenights wared darke, and the winter began to Draw on with his ſtoꝛmet ax 
therefore J reſolued to take the lirſt beſt winde that God ſhould fend, ¢ plie towards the bay of a. 
Nicholas, and to (ee if we might do any good there, if God would permit it. 

This pꝛeſent Saturday we fav very much pee, and were within two oz thꝛee leagues oli st 
ſhewed vnto vs as though it had beene a firme land as farre as we might ſee from Nonthweltef 
vs to the Eaſtwards: and this afternoone the Loyd ſent vs alittle gale of winde at South fora 
we bare cleere off the Wiefermof part of it, thanks be to God. And then againſt nigſt it unn 

24 calme againe. and the winde was at Southwell ; we made our way vntill Bundap noone unh 
welt and by Mitek, and then we had the latitude in 70 degrees and a halle, the winde at Mouth 
re fo that we could not difcerne tu take the latitude exactly, but by areal 
na . 

Munday there was a prety gale ol winde at Douth, lo that we went Celt and by South, 

the latitude this day at noone was 70 Degrees 10 minuts : we had little winde all day: at 

Ileſtnoꝛthweſt ſunne we founded, and had 29 fathoms, blacke ſandy oze, ¢ chen we were Ruh 


25 


75 Tlemnefoa 
ints, we being within 3 leagues of the Noyth part of the Mand Colgoitue. 
burſday. about the the 


28 


29 


een Barro 


PETRI ea. 
n againe miftic, ; 


though the mitt, lo that ye 
againe, the winde being e 


be winde came at Caſtuuhy 
pe clocke, eight leagues, thm 
el the river Wechora , dt 
afed,and went with fore fale 
retw ſo terrible a tone, thy 
we came outof England. % 
nd terrible ſeas, uthouttle 
rcrutt in him. 

ne was at the highel, 
boned the . — 
lſouthweſt ſunne we fet our 
t and by Hoßth, making bg 
t, ad the hippe caped ont 


md we ſounded, and had 29 
att about to the Wettinarrs, 


rees and a tierſe, we ſounde 
hat we ew towards Now 


erwerdthis pore tc though 


aue more power aſtera nun 
know in theſe Porheripre 


ve ſaw with our eyes, nde 
newhat too farre in it, but 


aon with bis ſtonmet uu 
0 nne, 
nit it. 

two oz thꝛee leagues oli t 
ight ſee from Noꝛthtocltel 
e of winde at South, ſochn 
then againſt night it uu 
ntill Sunday noone Aoxh 
halle, the winde at Sout 
itude exactly, but by areaie 


went Cleft and by South, 
ad little winde all day : 
pase, e then we were Run 


he latitude this day in 70% 
land Col goitue. 

D, ſerking where we mish 
then we caſt about again 
we had plenty of note. 

Ds, and at afternoone themit 
he Cakwards accom 


Aubaſſage from Rufia. of the Engliſh nation. 


ve (ounded a litcle befoze and had 35. fadomes and oʒe. And a while after we ſaunded ag aine, and 
Jao s9.fadome and ſand: then wee were within 3, leagues and a halfe of the fore, and towards 
ughetbere came done fo much wind, that we were faine to bring our ſhip a trie, and laid her head 
* — the winde became moze calme, and then it wa ed very miltie: At noone wee caſt 
shoutto the Caſtwards, the wind beiug at South, and ranne eight howers on that boyd, and then 
wpe ti about and caped elt ſouthweſt: we founded aud had 3 2. fathom. a, and tough oaze like 


4% satay we doubled about Caninoze, and came at an anker there, to the intent that wee might 
I ome fth if God would permit it, andthere we gate a great Fule,twhich Rules were there fo 
ie that they would ſcarte ly ſuffer any other fith to coine neere the hoakes: the faid ules cari⸗ 
bbpl of our hoo kes and leads. 
Qlitleatter at a Tet Sunne, the winde began to blow ſtozmie at Tick ſouth welt, ſo that we 
vert lune to weie and ſoꝛſake our ſiſhing ground, and went cloſe by the wind Southweſt and 
douthweſt and by NUcſt making our way South ſouthwelt. 


September. 


Euſday at a Tihett Sunne, we foundeo and had 20. fathoms, and broken CHiilkethels : J rec: 
koned Canino ve to be 24 leagues Noythnoꝛtheaſt from vs. 

Ve cleucnth dap we arrived at Colmogro, and there wee TUintered, expecting the approch of 
thenert Sonner to pyceed farther in our intended Dilcoucric foꝛ the Ob: which (by reaſon of 
mrimpioiments to Mardhoule the next Sppring for the ſearch of ſome Engliſh hips) was not 
ummgly perfoꝛmed. 


Adiſcourſe of the honourable receiuing into England of the 
firft Ambaſſador from tne Emperor of Ruſſia, iu the yeere of Chriſt, 153 6. 
and in the third yeere of the raigne of Queene Mary, ſeruing 
for the third voiage to Moſcouie. Regiſtred by M. 
Iohn Incent Protonotarie. 


Cis here retower by witing and autentitall teſtimonie, partly for memozie of 

things done, and partly for the veritie to be knowen to poſteritie in time to come, 

that whereas the moſt high and mightie Euan Vaſiliuich Empero; of all Ruffia, 

at duke ol Volidemer, Moſcouia, and Nouogrode, Emperoꝛ of Caſſan, and 

of Aſtrachan, loꝛd of Piskie, and great duke of Smolenskie, Tuerskie, Yow- 

° goriskie, Permiskie, Viatskie, Boligarskie, and Sibieriskie, Emperoz and great 
ne el many others as Nouogrode in the nether countries, Charnogoskie, Rizanskie, Volodſ- 
lie, Rezewskie, Bielskie, Roſtoskie, Veraſlaueskie, Bialazarskic, Woodarskie, Opdorskie, 
Condinskie, and many other countries and lopd ouer all thoſe partes, inthe peere ofour Lo God, 
tuſuing the account of the Latin church, 15 56. ſent by the fea from the pore of S. Nicholas in Ruf- 
fa his tight honozable ambaſſado; ſirnamed Ofep Napea, his high officer in thetownc and coun: 
ttepof Vologda, to the moſt famous and excellent pꝛinces, Philip and Mary by the grace of God, 
hing and Queene of England, Spaine, France and Ireland, defenders of the faith, Archoukes of 
Auftria,owkes of Burgundie, Millaine ¢ Brabant,countics of Haſpurge, Flanders and Tyroll his 
and Ozatoʒ with certaine letters tenderly conceiued, together with certain pꝛe leuts and 

gifts mentioned in the foote of this memoyial, as a manifeũ argument and token of a mutual amitie 
ad friendſhip to be made and continued betweene their maieſties and ſubiects reſpectiuely,. forthe 
ammoditie and benelit of boch the realmes and people: which Oꝛatoz was the 20. day of July, im⸗ 
backed and ſhipped. in, and vpon a good Engliſh ſhip named the Edward Bonauenture, belõging 
tothe Goucrnour, Conſuls and company of Englilb merchants, Richard Chanceler being grand 
Pilot, and John Buckland matter of the ſaid ſhip. In which was laden at the aduenture of the foze⸗ 
luld Ambaſſadoꝛ, and merchants at ſeuerall accounts, goods and merchandizes viz. in ware, trane 
olle tallum furre s. felts. vatne and fitch like, to the ſumme of 20000 li. ſterling, together with 16, 


Nuſſie attendant vpon the perſon of the ſuid Ambaſſadoz. Ouer and aboue ten other Nuſſies ſhip⸗ Foure hips, 


ped within the fain Baie of S. Nicholas in one other good ſhip to the fain company alſo belonging 
called the Bona Speranxa, with goods of the fain Oꝛatojs and merchants to the value of ooo. li. 
Reeling as bythe ‘mtifes and letters of lading of the fain ſeueral (hips (whereunto relation is to be 
pad) patticulariy uppeareth. Cthich good hips comming in good opder into the tas, x * 


32¹ 


30 


11 


322 The voyages and diſcoueries Aabæſf fron Ruff 


Le, 
the fame in their iourney towards the coatt of England, were by contrary windes and enten 
tempelts of weather feucred che one from the other, that is to fap, the {aid Bona Speranza tui 
ius other Englith hips allo appertaining to the fain company, the one ſrnamed the Philip amy 
Mary, the other the Confidentia, were dyiuen on the coatt of NMozway into Dyenton wan, 
where the fapd Confidentia was ſeene to periſh on a Rocke, and the other, videlicet, the Bom 
Speranza, withher whole company, being tothe number of foure and twentie perfons feemen tp 
Minter there, whereof no certaintie at this pꝛeſent day is knowen. The third, videlicet, the Phi- 
lip and Mary, arriued in the Thames nigh London the eighteene day ok Appilt, in the peere ofoue 

Ade card Lob one thouſand five hundyed fiftie and ſeuen. The Edward Bonauenture ty the Weng 

Mama (oute monethes finally the tenth dap of Touember of the alozelapd peere of dur Lade, one thou 

Scotland m fandfiue hundded liftie and ſe, arriued within the Scottiſh coat in a Baie named Pertiflego, 

wateol where by outragious tempells and extreme ſtoꝛmes, the ſayd ſhi being beaten from ber grown 

Beier, 7. tackles, was duuen vpon the Rockes on thoye, where the bake and ſplit in pieces, in fuch foyr, 

1556. as the grand Pilot vſing all carefuulnefle fo the ſafetie or the bodie of the layde Amballadour ann 
his trayne, taking the boate of the fapd ſhip, trufting to attaine the hoe, and fo to faue and px. 
ſerue the body, and ſeuen ol the companie oz attendaunts of the ſapde Ambaſſadour the fame boar 
by rigojous waues of the Deas. was by darke night ouerwhelmed and mouned, wherein peniſhe 

Mich. Chanct⸗ not onclp the bodie ol the ſaid grand Pilot, wich ſeuen Rullies, but alfo diuers ok the Marinas . 

lerdiemnen. of the ſapd ſhip: the noble perfonage of the ſayde Ambaſſadour with a few others (by Gods po 
ſeruation and ſpeciall fauour) onely with much difficultic ſaued, In which Shipwzatke nx 

auely the ſayde hip was byoken, but allo the whole maſſe and bodie ol the goods laden in ber, 
was by the rude and rauenous people of the countrep thereunto adiopuing, rifled, ſpopled, ann 
carien away, to the manifett lofle and vtter deſtruction of all the lading of the layn ſhip, and to 
gether with the tip, apparell, opdinaunce aud furniture belonging to the company, in value of 
one thouſand pounds, of all which was not reſtozed towards the coltes and charges to the umme 
of oo.li. Perling, 

> as fone as by letters abtjefledto the ſapd companie, and in London deliuered the firt of De 
tember laſt patt, it was to them certainely knowen of the lofle of their Pilote, men, goods any 
fhip, the fame merchaunts with all celeritie and expedition, obteined not onely the Queenes un 
ieſties moft gratious and fauourable letters to the Ladie Dowager, and lozdes of the count 
af Drocland fop the gentle comfoꝛtment and entertainment of the ſayde Ambalſadour, his train 

and companie, with pꝛeſeruation and reſtitution of his goods, as in ſuch miſerable cafes, u 

Chniſtian pitie, princely honour and meere Juſtice appertaineth, but alfo addgeſſed two Ger, 

tlemen ok good learning, grauitie, and eſtimation, videlicet, Maſter Lawrence Huſſie doi 

ok the Ciuile lawe, and George Gilpin wich monp, and other requilites into the Nealme of 

Scotland, to comforte, apde, alliſt, and relieue him and his there, and alſo to conduct che Am: 

balladour into England, {ending with them by poſte a Talmach or Speachman for the ber 

ter furniture of the ſeruice of the ſayde Ambeſſadour, truſting thereby to haue the more ample 
and ſpeedie redꝑeſſe of reſtitution: which perſonages vſing diligence, arriued at Edenbopougb 

(where the Queenes court was) the three aud twentieth day of the ſayde moneth of December, 

who ſirſt vifiting the ſayd Ambaſladour, declaring the cauſes of their comming and Commie 

on, ſbe wing the letters apmefied in his fauour, the oder giuen them for bis ſolace and furné 

ture of all uch things as hee would haue, together with their daily and readie ſeruite to attend 

pone pete and affaire, repaired conſequently vnto the Dowager Queene, deliuering the 
etters. 

TAhereupon, they reteiued gentle anſwereg, with hope and comfort ol ſpeedie reftitution of 
the goods, apparell, iewels and letters: for the moꝛe apparance whereof, the Querne {ent lin 
certaine Commiflioncrs with a; Harold of Armes to Pettiſlego, the place of the Shipwuckt, 
commaunding by Proclamation and other Edictes, all ſuch perſons (no degree excepted) as 
bad anp part of ſuch goods as were ſpoyled and taken out on from the Dhip, to Laing them in, and 
to reftore the fame with ſuch further opder as her grace by aduiſe of ger counſell thought txped 
ent: by reaſon whereof, not without great laboures, paynes and charges (after long time) dy 
ners final parcels of C Taxe, and other finall crifling things of no value, were by the poor lit 
of the Scoctes brought to the Commillioners, but che Jewels, rich apparell, prefents, colo fl 
uer, collly furres, and fuch like, were conueied awap, concealed and vtterly embezelled. Cher 
upon, che Queene at the requett ofthe ſapd aAmbaſſadour, cauſed diners perfons to the number of 
180 moe, to be called perſonelly befoze her princely pꝛeſente to anſwer to the ſaid fpoile,ereallp 
to echibite and hing in all ſuch things as were ſpo iled and violentlytaken, x caried ae 


1 


* 


—— 
bal]: from Ruf 
— 
Contrary windes and enten 
che ſald Bona Speranza 

one ſirnamed the Philip am 
toptwap into Dyenton wann, 
he other, videlicet, the Bom 
and twentie perſons feemer ty 
The third, videlicet, the Phi- 
AY OF Appill, in the peere ol uu 
auenture trauerſu the Went 
peere of our Lowe, one chou, 
in a Baie named Pettiflego, 
eing beaten from her grouny 
b ſplit in pieces, in luch foye, 
of the ſayde Amballadour any 
e fhoze, and ſo to ſaue and pu. 
e Ambaſſadour, the Came boate 
and douned, wherein periſhed 


it allo diners ofthe Parüms 


ith afew others (by Gods yy 
1, In which Shipwatke nx 
die of the goods laden in ber, 
adiopuing, rifled, ſpoyled, ad 
ading of the ſayd ſhip, and ty 
g to the companp, in value of 
les and charges to the umme 


ondon deliuered the firt ol De 
their Pilote, men, goods aud 
ted not onely the Queenes ma 
yer, and loydes of the countll 
> fapde Ambaſſadour, his trat 
as in {uch miſerable cafes, u 
„ but alſo addeſſed two Gen 
after Lawrence Huſſie team 
requilites into the Realme of 

and alſo to conduct the Am 
h 02 Speachman foꝛ the ber 
hereby to haue the moze ample 
euce, arriued at Edenbopough 
e ſapde moneth of December, 
heit comming and Commi: 
them fop bis lolace and fur 
v and readie ſeruice to attend 
wager Queene, deliucring the 


binfort of ſpeedie reftitution of 
whereof, the Queene lent irt 
the place of the Shipwnackt, 
Ons (no degree excepted) as 
e Ship,to Lying them in, and 
oF her counſell thougbt epee 
charges (after long time) De 
palue, were by the poorer fox 
happarell, pꝛeſents, old, 
b vtterly embezelled. Chere: 
erg perfons to the number of 
aftwer to the ſaid fpoite ereallp 


taken, ¢ caried out of the fame, 
Au . 


being accompan ie henigrites, ciquiers, gem, Bis bonouras 
dimm and peonten to che number of cree hundped hopes, led bins tothe Noꝛth partes of the Ct into the c 
ticefLondor, notable merchaunts rich: 


prefented co him a right of Lenden. 
frieanplarge gelding rich beluct, ent. 


appmelled, mas 
ptapped cogethet with a toster bh of Oꝛient crimoſin 
deoieith gold laces, all furniſhed in moſt glopions 
acts: » the Ambatlavour at inſtant nefire, mounted, riding 
the fir® limites of the liberties of the Citie of London. Che lam 


wares mich eld barres, 


bretniten,burtll che third day of May: during which time, vaily, diuets Aldermen and the gra 
tel pecfona rcs of the ſayd compante, did vifice him, pꝛouiding all kind of victuals fo his table 
bbs frruants, with all fortes of Dfficers to attend vpon him in good for and condition, an to ſuch 
aGmbaffade ur of honour doth, and aught to appertaine, 
» Uisallo to be remembyed chat at hisGr® entrance into his chamber, there was peſented vuto 
bin enthe Queenes miaiettics bebalfe, fop a gift and ppeſent, and his better furniture in l, 
un uch piere of cloth of tillue, a piete of cloci of golde, another piece ol cloth of gold railed with 
trithotin veluet. a piece of crimoſin veluet in on wine, apiece of purpte veluet, apiece of Damatke 
en a piece of crimofin damaſke, which bemoſt chankfally accepted. In this beautifull Iod 
ging teftething and pꝛeparing himlelte and his traum wich tdinqz requtlite, dee above expecting 
dealing im. ies repatre ot of Ftuumdern into England, whole hig bneſſe arriving the one and 
a , arch. the ame Amdeſſwour the flac anvewencierfyot M arch, being the Aimuntiatt. 
moteur Labie (the daytweluemoneth bee tooke his lente from the Empewur dis matter) was 
mt honourablp touerbt to the Ring and Ouernen mutelttes court acCethminter, where ac: 
companied firſt with the ſayd Tlifcount and other notable perfonages, and the merchants, bee are 
ng UCctinintier bridge, tors there received with fire loves, conducted into a ſcateip cham: 
in hen bythe lors ,Chancelton, Ttealirer, Bite frale, Aomivall, Wihop of Clie an che 
ae coun : 


i ° f b — — 
324. The voyages and diſcoueries Ambaff-from Nuſta 


counfellers, hee was viſited and faluted: ann couſequentiy was brought vnto the Rings n 
Quueenes maieſties pretence, ficting vnder a ſtately cloch of honour , the chamber mot Mott rile 
decken and furniſrd, and mot honourably pefented, UAhere, alter that her han delineren jig 
rue two timber of Sables, and the tepox ol the fame mare 
buch wurd haar an bane 
5 ye 
ics, See 


u chete bighnelle their pocecoange, 
ute, wiſcdume, anv tatelp — — i res 
mateflies contentations, 


‘league and Finally, concluding vpon ſuch treaties and articles of amitie, as the letters of tbe K 
1 9 —— vnder che great feale of England, — — 


deliuered, doch appeare 
tbe great tale . Ay, being tbe featt of So. Genet, tabereinn tons celebate in 
of€ngiand, ſulemmitie of the Noble order of the Garter at Tiefkiminker, the lame loꝛd Ambafladour tas ef, 
Sones required to haue audience : eee to the court by 
the right noblethe laden Talbot and Lumley to thetr mateties pretence ( where after bis Ox 
tion made, andthankes boch giuen and rereiued) hee mot honourably pre sear ath ee 
mendations to . Mhich being done, hee was with ſpeciall honour ledde i he 
Chappell, where before the Rings and Qutenes maieſties, in light of the whole Oper of cn 
Garter, mas prepared fop him a ſtately ſeate, wherein, hee accompanied with the Duke of Ny 
fotke, the topes laſt aboue mentioned, and many other donouralle perfonages, was print 
atthe whole ſeruice, in ceremonies which wereto him moſt arteptable: the diuine {eruice em 
be eftfoones was remitted and reduced to his barge, and fo repairedi to his lodging, in like q 
um gratulation of the people vniuerſally, as before, 
ifoare 2 She time of the yeere hatting the profection and departure of the Ambaſſadour. che merchent 
14 prepared foure goodly and welltrinnnen ſhippes laden with all kindes of mexchmngs 
probed fog eee FCC 
Mum, 1857. fone thippes in good opder valed volune the River of Thames, from London to Green, 
er ee ne ee dopa 
dpyoſper in 
It is alfo to bee remembꝛed, that during the whole above of the ſayde Ambaſſadour in En 
Land, the Agenten of the ſayde merchaunts did not onely profecute and purſue the mater of tw 
Ritution in Scotland, and cauſed ſuch things to bee laden in an Engliſh ſhippe biren purpoleip 
to conuey the Ambaſſadours goods to London, there to bee deliuerzd to him, but alfo during 
bis abode in Loudon, did both inuite himto the aioz, and diuers worſbiytull mens houlti, fo 
fing and bankerting him right friendly, Set him the moſt notable and commentable 
fightes of London, as the kings palace and houſe, the Churches ol LAlelminſter and pub 
the Tower ann Guild hall of London, and ſuch like memopable ſpectacles. And alſo che ſad un 
2 the layd merchaunts aflembling themſelues together in the boule of 
the Dpapers hall of London, exhibited, and 1 — a notable i 
per garniſted with Muſike, Enterludes andbankets : in the which a cup of Mine being unit 
to him inthe name and lie m of the whole companie, it was ſigniſied te him that the whole comps 
nie with moſt liberal and friendly hearts, did frankelie gine to him and his, all maner of colty 
andcherges in victuals riding from Scotland to London, during bis above there, and itil (ce 
ting af ſaile abooꝛd the thip, requefting him to accept the fame in good part, as a ceftimons and 
witneſſe of their good hearts, peale and tenderneſle towards him and his countrep, 
Ir is to be conſidered that of the Bona Speranza, no hoe nop knomledge was had at this pe 
ſent day no pet of the artiuall ofthe ſhips 02 goods from Scotland. 
She third of Bay the Ambaſſadour departed from London to Graueſend, accompanied wth 
Diners Aldermen and merchaunts, who in good gard fet him aboord the noble (hip, the Pm 
pp Te , 
and diuers fare wels not without expꝛeſſing of teares. 


Memorandum, that the firſt day of Bap the countellers, videlicet, the bithop of Cie, a* 
ee Cities Peter on che behalfe of che Rings and Quernes maiefties wepapring co ce ket 


the Empe 
led by the 


, . . — aa 
Tahaſſage from Rafa. of the Engliſn nation. 325 

0 C — 
did not onely A 8 a r oa the 
of Englaudto erour, very tenderly aud friendly witten, but alſo on their 
aba bar. and del meted certaine notabie prefehts tothe Emperours perſon, and 
io cites ian the 1020 Ambaflavours pꝛoper vſe and behoole, as by che particulars vuder writ: 
1 with ſuch further good woꝛdes and commendations, as the mone frieudly haue not 
den dend: whereby it appeareth howe well affected theit Honours bee wo haue and conti: 
int int und traffique bet weene their honours and cheir ſubiects: which ching as the kings 
ub Quenes maieſties haue ſhewed of their princelp*munificences and liberalities, fo haue 
lethe merchaunts and felowſhip of che Apuentuers, for anp to Rullia, manifeſted to the 
{rood wl, mindes and zealen bome to this new commenſeu voyage, as bp the dil · 
ear about mentioned, another the notable acros duer long tu bee recited in this meſent me: 
mull doch and map mot clearelp appeare, the like whereok is not in any prefivent oz hiltoꝛx to 


1 as it may bee doubted how the Ship named the Edward Bonauenture, receiued 
what became of the goods, how much thep were ſpoiled and deteined, how little 

mond, what charges and expenſes enſued, what perſonages were dꝛownev, how the reſt of 
the Vip either arrived op periſhed, o2 how the diſpoſition of almightie Gov hath wrought his 
in them, how the fame ambaſſadour hath bene after the miſerable cafe of ſhipwnacke in 
Scotland vnreutrently abuled, and conſequently into England receiued and conducted, there 
intertained, vſed, honoured, and finallp in good ſafetie towards his returne and repaire furni⸗ 
he, ind with much liberalitie and franke handling kriendly difiniflen, to the intent that the 
mch al che ppemiſſes map bee to the moſt mightie Emperour of Nulſla, ſincerely ſignifled in 
ticheument of all euents and miffortunes that may chance in this voyage (which God defend 
uche Amballadottrs perfon, traine and goods, this prefent memoptall is mitten and autem 
tach mme, and by the ſayde Ambaſſadour his ſeruaunts, whole names bee vudermnitten, and 
traine in pꝛeſence ol the Motarie, and witneſſes vndernamed, recognized, and acknowleo⸗ 
ga. Oiuenthe dap, moneth, and peere vnder titten, of which inſtrument inte euery of the 
dne Shine, one teſtimoniall is delivered, and the fir remapneth with the Capo compamte in 


Giftes ſent to the King and Queenes maieſties of England by 
_ the Emperour of Ru/sia, by the report of the Anbaſſadbur, and fpoye 


led by the Scots after the Shipwracke. 


1 Firl, fire timber of Sables rich in colour and haire. 
2/ Item, twentie entire Sables exceeding beautifull with teeth eares and clawes. 
3 Item, foure lining Sables with chames and collars. 

4 Item, thirtie Lularnes large and beautifull, 

Item, fire large and great ſkinnes very riche and rare, bozne onelp by the Empe⸗ 
tour fo? wooythineſſe. 

6 Item, a large and faire white Jerfawcon foz the wilde Swanne, Crane, Gooſe, 
and other great Fowles, together with a dumme of fuer, the hoopes guilt, 
vled foza lure to call the ſapd Hawke. 


Giftes ſent to the Emperour of Ruſſia by the King and Queens 
MaieSties of igland. 


Fitſt, two rich pieces of cloth of Tiſſue. 

Item, one fine piece ok Scarlet. 

Item, one fine Uiolet in graine. 

Item, one ſine Azur cloth. = 

Item, a uotab le paire of Briganvines with a Murrian touered with Crimoſm vel 
uet and gilt nattes, 

Item, a Male and Female Lions. 


Gifts 


3 


26 


The voyages and difcoueries Ambaſſ. from Refs : 


Giftes giuen to the Ambaſſadour at his departure, ouerand’ 
pte as were delinered vnto Viva bit fe evi * 


ol gold ol d. ne 
S = 


baffadour at and before his departure out of 
Iſaak Fweffcheneke. 
Demitre. 
Gorbolones. 
a 
croffia. 
Stephen, 
Lowca, 
Andria, 
Foma. 


The names of all ſuch Ruſſies as were attendant vpon the A 
Fnoland 2 


pe 
dior bitten, being patent ce 
‘Andrew Iudde. 
George Barne. bas ghts, 
William Chefter, 
Rafe Greeneaw ay 
Iohn Merſhe Eſquier. 
Iohn Dimmocke., 
Blaſe Sanders. 
Hubert Huſſie, and 

obert Beſt aboue mentioned. 


The voiage of the foreſaid M. Stephen Burrough, An. 1557. from 
Colmogroto Wardhoufe, which was ſent to ſeeke the Bona Eſperanza, the Bous 
Confidentia,& the Philip & Mary, which were not heard of the yeere before. 


May. 
N. 2 Koche unmne abet is 4 egrets arenes, and den 
N iw 
Your 


S atdemen of London, 


contpalle,s begrees,1 o minutes fromthe tothe aff, 
Medneſday we came to the land called Pozanka, which Tanv is witha 
Parra our WWW 


ZTE 
=s 


a 


grec 
fo 1 

II 
Pt 
eat 


2 FIT EE. ok at aterek 


cme — — - — — 
rug. of the Engliſh nation. 327 


Si au runde in che bet vpon che (hoalvedt of che barse, foote water b le. It 
1 fe Wt an an fl one ae fl K 


oo 
Mache in the mopuinguce departed from the barre of Berozoua, atm plied along by the 30, 
6 in dae fanome, weill A bad Sighs of S.Nicholas road, and then wer cal about coche 
Rhede, nd —4 n 1 halle a mile co 8 cola n 

pommocke icho as abbey and Nozthuontheaſt, and 
—.— 11. Coia Reca is half a mile tothe Caſſ watds of Cofcaynos. Coſ- Cl 
poset the middes the Aland called Mondeuſtoua oſtroue, which is th wart of the barre of 
perozous lieth South, aud by 2 Melt, and berweene them are 4 leagues o; as 
a che Beaboozd part of the barre tn Colcaynos ate 3. leagues anda halle. 

pata Nontheaſt and by Catt ſunne, we were thinart ol Cofcaynos, 315 

Hrs lieth from Cofcaynos opthnopth wef, and berweene them are 8, leagues: and Dogs noke, 
gen bet like a Gurnerds head, if pou be inwardly on both fives ol it: on the low point 
Dog nole there ſtandeth a croſſe alone, 


bef from Raia, 
W 


2 ndant pon the Ai: 


lune. 
Dogs nole to fore nole, are 3. leagues, Nohth and by 1. 
Fr e z. day of June J went on ſhoare 2. miles to the 79 Dogs noſe , and ha 2. 


the latiouve of that place in 6 aer, minutes, It floweth a fhoare at this place, at an alk 
full ſea, and the ſhippt lap chwart to wende a flood, in che of at a Douthfourheatt moone. 
225 kim be banertaade, cher when it is a full ſea on the Dante t is tuo points to ebbe, be⸗ 
faa me in the off. Che variation ofthe Compaſſe at this plate is 4.vegrees from e Cm 
tothe = 

* the jRopehuoreh well winde put vs backe agaitte with Dogs nole, where a ſhiy may 
ee ee fadome and a halle of water, and haue Lan, 7. 
8 by Wie winde : which alt houſe is halle a mile to the Bouthwardeg of 


Dogs no 
Imap it a Douthfourhwelk Sunne, twee departed from this Dale boule, It is to bee notes 4. 
— miles to rn ol Ne trees on the banke by the 
ſde: andthe baukes confit of fullers earth. Duer che cliffes there arowe fome trees: fo 
eee ets eee Tbe roe 


inal chat Countrey. 
Adee foc wa» Vaso se bans herent simone Fore rtofe anv Zo- foren. 
latitſa chere ave 6. leagues, I meane the Southerly partof Foxe nol 


nev, in the boule of the 
the famous Citi 
° ep Gregorpwich Na 


dermen of London, Sunday J SI tambenebarre of Zolaciulsbich the Rules wem toda goon baker but 6, 
inthe bell of it J found but 4,foote water. 
2 * dap the latitude in 66. degrees and then was point pentecoſi fire leagues South ori 
enge tenon leat Cut Adam, anb took he bande ie ons 6, degrees 25 
crode Adu. 
We be league Mopcheatt of rolle Alland, A lawe the lande Ealtlide, which J 4 
12. cee . ei ae e JRE 
ough, An. 1577, from ape grace is 7. leagues and a halle Moꝛtheaſt from Feen, 
Bona Efperanza, the Bons Chere we 2, Blands 5. leagues onehnoptheatk e of them Caye gruer. 
card of the ycere before, F. ier And they ate 
Cape Race is fromthe Southern land Faye ama by te, eh them are ting Cape Mace, , 
iche from Colmo leagues and e there is anoth Betweene which 
nutes, and the variation of th eet aa ä is: and to the Melt es 
see eke’ in tsi 40 abate gf Cope Rac bi ri 259222 10. 
b here at an Cat andby Seth tmoneth in 67 A within hallt a league 
j Lum itto be a full (oa at a North and by Caſt moone. . . 
| plden to the barre of Berdzou Bs, eat lere Ole et fome Sones withal like 
munded the fap Barre with n er ep 
— ſuue chat wee toepeD, ane vun a hg ane ea er Mg 


328 The voyages and diſcoueries Stephen Benq. 


to the wind ward halle the ebe, with the fippes head to the Eaſtwards. Aud then 
her head to che Meſtwarvs, we ſounded, and had Le nene bohen elsano grap Gm e. 


Lain Sane fent dap was very miftic, with rot on che pots an the mitte fell, 


Cri ſtroue. 


Friday in the moꝛning at an Eaſt ſunne, the miſte bake vp a litle, che winde being at Fay, 
and by Ciel a Miffe gale, our ſmowodes and roapes ouer head being couered with Froft,anplitety 
to be a foyme: J choughe it good to fecke an hardoꝛo w. and fo plied tome with the JAdande bid 
are two leagues to the Mouthwards ol Cape Race, and within theſe Allandes ( chankteberg 
God) we found harboꝛow for vs. It bigheth at theſe lands two fadome water: it flowerh in the 
harbozow at this place at a Southfoutheak moone ful ſea: and a fea boo it loweth at a Seu, 
ſouthweſt moone a full ſea. The Ruſſes tall this Alland, Tri Oſtroue. 

Dou map come in betweene the little Illand and the great Alland, and kerpe pou in the nun 
ok the Bounde, and ik pou bozrowe on anp five, let it bee on the greateſt Illande, andpon thay 
baue at a lowe water, foure fadome, and thꝛee favome and a halfe, and thget favome, vneill the 
pou be ſhot fo farre in as the narrowelt, which is betweene the NRonthermolt point of the umi 
Iſland, and the Southerne point ol the maine which is right againt it, and chen hale to the Ponts 
wards with the croſſe which Randeth in the maine, and pou hall haue at a lowe water 10, foxy 
water, and faire ſande. And it poube diſpoſed to goe through the Sounde to the S 
keepe the Noꝛthwelt ſhoare abooyde, fop on the Iſland five after pou be ſbotte ſo farre in as the 
crolſe it is a ſhoale of rockes halle the found ouer: which rockes doe laſt vnto che Souther! 

ol the great Bland, and rather to the Mouthwards. Aud if you be conſtrainevto ſeche 

foꝛ Noztherly windes, when pou tome out of the fea hale in with the Southerly part ol the greg 
Aland, giuing the Illand a faire birth, and as you ſhoote to wardes the maine, vou ſhall finde rose 
for all Noztherly windes in foure fadome, ſiue. ſixe and ſeuen fadome, at a lowe water, 

Allo within this great Alland, (i neede bee) pou may haue a good place to ground a Chipye in 
the great Tflandis almoſt a mile long aud a quartet of a mile ouer. 

Chis ſtoꝛme ot Noꝛther ly winde vntill the 16. of this moneth, and then the winde came 
HSoutherly, but we could not get out for Tee, I went on ſhoare at the croft and coke the latin, 
Which is 6. degrees, 38. minutes, 30. ſeconds : the variation ot the Compaſſe 3. degrees anda 
halle from the orth to the Eaſt. N a 

Churſday being kaire weather, aud the winde at North, wee plied to the winde-wards lui 
ſalles and oares: Wee ſtoppev the flood this day chyee leagues to the Moreh wards of Cape act 
two miles krom the Hoare, and had twentte fabome water, faite gray and blache fande, and bw 
ken ſhels. And when the flake came wee waped and made aboopve to the fhoate-twards ne 
within two cables length of the ſhoare, eighteene fadomes faire grap and blacke fanve: a un 
map linde roade there for a Noꝛth winde, and fo to the Meſtwards. 

Two leagues to the Southwarde of Corpus Chriſti point, you may haue Land fange fora 
Moꝛzth and by Ealkwinde, and from chat to the Meſtwardes in 23. fadome almott a mile fran 
ſhoare, and faire lande. and amongſt the ſande 1 ſmall limpets, oꝝ ſuch like as grote tp 
on mulcles: and within two cables length and leſſe of the Hoare, are eigbteene fadomes, andi 
founding alqzeſaid, but the pong limpets more plentifull. It was a full fea where we rade l 
moſt a mile from ſboare, at a South and by Melt moone: two leagues to the Sourhwardes el 
Corpus Chrifti point ig the vttermoſt lande, which lande and Cape Race lyeth South and balk 
a point to the Wie ind Yaonth and helfe a potne to the Cal tnarns, und berwetvechenm 
fireleaques, Riding dis day fire leagues to the Worth wards of Cape Race the binde at Ruh 
nojthwett, with malte ann trol, ac noone the funne appeared through the mille, fo chat Ahadche 
latitude fit 67. def 29. minutes. 

Munday we wart of Corpus Chrifti point, two leagues and a halſe from ſhoatt 
ther moze, where nded, and had 3 6. fadoms, ann bꝛoken cockle ſhels wich bzannie lande hut 
the broken ſhels v cke. 

Tueſday in the tig wee were fhotte a head of Cape gallant, which the Ruſſes call Sod 
noze, And as we terre Motre almoft halfe a league betwixt it, and Cape comfort, the windecen 
vp atthe w after to the Nonchwardes, ſo that wee wert taine to beare roorne to deen 
a harbour, 1 75 b harbour fo; all winde, and the leat 7. kadome water bettet 
S. Iohns Iflands, ach the maine. * 

Alter that we campeto an ancre, wee tooke the latitude, which was 68, degrees 1. minute an 

W ae ich with 1 of ſnowe. b 1 91 ite 
At ated fu came aboode vs certaine Lappians in a boate, tothe nomber 

tiboe prions g eee entire olthe men conto peaks 


aa FS. 


pat 


THT 


5 


Stephen Borroms, - mn Borroagh. ofthe Engliſh nation. 329 


rde Gun hen ee pia a 
— where their abiding was and they tolde mee that there was a cone 
i septa ee 1 


riuet Iekonga, 


idle, che winde bei v bene to ſerkt mente among the rocks, faping, t wee gette no 
ng colereD wih ro — ee oy eee eee ene tober 
. nun, wee cate none, J — 
. —— — a A (awe them ald eate foules egges ratue, and the pong birves allo that wert 
ladome water: 4 nie n ; q : ; 
fea od i fotueth at og, lobſerued certaine wordes of their language, which 
and, an I thought good to fet downe for their ves that here. 
eepe pou in thema seth : 
after ſhall haue occafion to continue 
* — this voyage. 
2 dee Poth Ong coteat, what call pots 22 peere. 
8 the a —— Poddythecke, come bither. Talue, OOtincet, 
ou be thotee fo farre in as the Auanchythocke, get chee hence. Iowkſam, tolde. 
e lat vnto che Southerly par Anna, farewell, 
. 1 . tee 
Moutherlp part 
che maine, you thall — 
ne, at a lowe water. 
od plate to ground a ſhippe in 
nth, and then the winde came 
be crofle and tooke the latin, 


he Compaſſe 3, degrees anda 


lied to the winde. wen ing 
pe Enthwurdg of Cape Rac, 


5 
grap and blacke ſaue sa um 


pu may haue Land fange int 

3. fadome almoſt a mile fron 

pets, on ſuch like as grome y 
i fadomes, and 


ene the 

a full fea where we toade il 
agues to che Douchwardes of 
Race lyeth South and halk 

dards, and betweene them att 
ape Race, the winde at Ruh 
b the milde, fo that Ahadthe 


and a halſe from thoare a te 
Sele iit annie ſande 


which the Ruſſes tall St 
ape comfort, the winde rum 
taine to beate roome to fert 
ft 7. favome water bettoreat 


8 68,degrees 1. minute an 


boote, to che womberol h 
the men rato pene 


Their vvordes ofnomber 
are thefe as followeth. 


Colmelocke, 30 


The voyagesand diſcoueries Stephen Burrugl. 
Vittie nombelocke, Nelly locke, 
Cowtnombelocke, Vittè locke, 
Kcydemnombelocke, Cowtelocke, 
Kafts nombelocke, \ Keydemlocke, 
Owghtnombelocke, Kaffſtelocke, 


Coffteylocke Oughchetelok, 
if Tewet, 100, 


25 Friday in che moꝛning we Departed from S.lohns $flanvsto the Wettinards thereota mip 


S. Ceoiges 
Illand. * 


Cape Comfoje 


Jane 


. l 
ger 


Cape Sower 
beere. 


Domſhaff. 
Wardponſe. 


(Which were 
the Boua Sis 
vtranza. the 
Bana confis 
dentia and the 
pip and 


here 
of the two ſirſt 
wert loſt. 


from the thoare, we ſounded, and had z 6. fadoms, and oasle ſand. 

Juana Creos, is from 228 Weſtnoꝛthwelt, and halle a point to the Noꝛthbuurde n 
betweene them is /. leagues. Che point ofthe Nlamd, which is Cape comfort, Iyeth from lum 
S ee Nofth, and almoſt che 3. partof a point toche IMleſtwarde, and beruem 
them are 3. leagues. 

: The Ealterwolt ok S. Georges Illands, 627, Iſlands, lyeth from Iuana Creos poy 
and halte a pointto the Noꝛthwards, and betweene them are 14 leagues and abalte, The bum 
moſt ok the 7. Illauds, æ Cape cõfort lpeth orth weft and by Nozth, Southeaſt, and by Bath 

Under the Bouthermol Illand you (hall finde geod roade fop all Roptherly windes fromthe 
Morthwetk to the opeheat. From the Douthentt part of the 7.3iflandg, onto the Moreh welt per 
of them, are 3 leagues and a halfe. 

From the Noꝛthweſt part of the Glands aforelaive, onto S. Peters Illands, are 11. leagues 
Noꝛthweſt. 

26 S. Peters Iſlands rife an indifferent low point, not ſeeming to be an Iſland, and as iit hunt 
caſtle vpon it. ' 

S. Pauls Iſlands {pe from S. Peters Illands Noꝛthweſt, and to the Wictiwardes,ann bettet 
them are 6lcagues. Mithin theſe [lands there is a faire ſandie bap, and there map be fotunes 
good roade fo; Moztherly windes. 

Cape Sower beere Ipeth from S. Pauls Illands Noꝛthwelt, aud by elt, and betwerne them 
are 5. leagues. f ; 

Cape comfore wbieh is the Mand of Kildina,Ipeth from Cape Sower beere,6,leagues li 
Noꝛth welt, and it is altogether a bay betwene them ſeeming many Illands in it. 

From Cape Bonauenture, to Chebe Nauoloche are 10,leagues Noꝛthweſt, and a litletuth 
Weſtwards. Chebe Nauologe is a faite point, whereon ſtandeth a certaine blacke, like anemp 
tie butt ſtanding a head. rer 

From Chebe Naualoch to Kegor, is 9, leagues and a halfe Noch melt, and halle a points 
the Mellwards. Ke gor tiſeth as pou come from the Caſtwards like 2. round homets Candingty 
gether, and a faire ſaddle betweene them. ö hash 
27 It floweth where we road this Doundap to the Caflwards of Kegor,at a 9 
Ea moone, a full ſea: we roade in 15 adome water within halle a mile of the ſhoare: at a 
wit Sunne the miſte came downe ſo thicke, that we were faine to come to an ancre wich int 
then a aa of the point that turneth to Doms haff, where wee had z 3. fadome, and the founding 
pie 9 —— tuo ß Sound of Wardhoufe,alehoush i mitt 
28 Pundap e, me tame into p Sound of Wardhouſe, t were very wit, 
bj 3 a ſhoare to know forme newes, and to fee whether they coulde heate ain 
of our | ſhippes. ö ot 
29 Tueldap J went on ſhoare, and dined with the Captaines deputie, who made met great 
cheere: the Captaine himlelle was not as yer come frd Bergen: they looked fop him euere dent, 
and the p fain that he would boing newes with him. fe 

At a Noꝛthweſt, and by Noꝛth ſunne, we departed from Wardhouſe, toward Colmogro. 

30 Medneſday we came to Kegor, where we met wich the wind at Catt fo that be 
were faine to goe in to a bap to the Meſtwards of the point Kegor, where Spe sake 
3. ſmall hips, that thall not dꝛawe paſt 11.02 t2, foote water, for all windes, an 
winde is the wont. It is a lenge of rocks, that defendeth che Noꝛtherly wins feb the 
chey moare. Tiber we tame into the bap tue ſaw there a barke which was of Pronton mti 
03 foure Norway peaghes, belonging to Northbarne: fo when I came a ſho are, I meta wh 
the Dutchmen, amongſt whome was the Bozroiy-matters ſonne of Dronton, whetolve meh 
tbe Philip aud Mary wintrred at Dronton, and beparted from thence fo) England in chat 
and withall he ſhewẽd me that the Confidence was lot, and that her had bougbe her faites fons 
hippe. Then the Dutch nien turled mee co their Boothe, and made mee cheers ens 


St 
(att 
vin 
lit 

2 
fo 

{ 
ie 
9 
belt 
te 
fai 
1 
L 

| 
pa 
wy 
€ 
the 
1 
fit 
1 
bo 
fat 
1 
by 
ie 
m 
V. 
b. 
8 
ie 
wi 
li 
* 
Nu 


TS - 2] gests Beare 


fe pointe 
ape comfort, Ipeth from} 
ne toche Oietttwards aunberiony 


ato Tuana Creos 
leagues and abalfe, The 
Font, Sourbeatand bp Sat 
m all Mortherlp windes 


Peters Illands, are 1 1. lag 
to be an Mand, and as i bare 


tothe Meſtwardes and 
ite bap, and there I en 


and by Melt, ann betwernethm 


pe Sower beere,6 leagues du 
anp Illands in it. 


agues Noth weſt, and a liletuche 
beth a certaine blacke,like men 


Ife Noꝛth welt, and halle a points 
like 2. round homets ſlandinge 


8 Of Kegor at a Southeall and 
Ife a mile of the Hoare: at a 

ne to come to an ancre wichin int 
had 3 3. fadome, and the founding 
ouſe, although it were very ml 
ether they coulde heate ay ihn 


nes deputie, who made mer hun 
they locked fo} him euerx dom, 


dhouſe. toward Colmogro. 
r bie e 
or, à man ma 
ae 
p wind fd che place wum 
wölch tas of Dronton nde 
n AJ came a Choare, I meta u 
me ol Dronton, the tolde me thet 
m thente for England in unt: 
at hee had bougbt her fatten in is 
* 


w made mee good chetrt 


Stepben Burrough, of the Englifh nation. 


buethe Lappians chepen of the {aide Dutchmen, both filuer platters and vitbes, ſpoones gilt 
ane OT girdles of filuer and gilt, and certaine things made to hange about the necke, 
nu liner chaines belonging cocbem, 

Che Buhnen bier emigre rong asien am certaine chat our Cuglifh double beere 
nud not be liked of the Kerils and Lappians, as long as that would laff, 

ber 9 Catv the Dutchmen allo haue tauriꝭ cloth, both bleme. ue and rede. and (ad hoples 
fetycolour, And hither they bring allo Ottars cafes aud fore. boch blacke and rede: our 

ich fore caſes are but counterfaits vnto them. 

They would noc let me vnderſtand anp ol their priles,but as I otherwiſe vnderſtood they bar · 
umd 2. bad of fuer for 200. ol ſtockſiſb, aud a. lande is a doller. And the Dutch men told me, that 
dey bad made a notable good peere this pefent peere 1757. Thep tolde mee that they ſbould be 
frine to roe to Wardhouſe wich one ladiug, and lay it ou land there, and ſo come againe and fetch 
sche, The Boprotomatters ſonne told me. that he would go to Amſterdam wich his lading of 
fiechfih,tobo gaue me a barrel of ſtrong beere, and brought in aboopde our ſhiꝑpe himſelfe. 

Qfter this I went among the Ruſſes and Kerils, who offted me th to fel aud like wiſe the Lap- 
pians defired me to looke vpon their Gt}, I made them anſwere that A had now no wares nop mos 
ut berter with them, and (aid chat I came only to fee if A might meete with our Eng liſh ips, 
Chenthep deſired me that J would come thither the next peere:3 {aid onto them if J ſbould come 
heuert peere, J thinke here would not be ſich pnough to ferue the Dutchmen and vs alſo. They 
anfvered me that if moze hips did refore thither, chere would more people labour to kil and make 
fi and further they laid. that ſome of them came chither a ſiſhing 8. werkes iourne y with Deere, 
which Deere will trauaile moze ſpeedily then hoꝛſes will. 

as was thus in talke wih the Kerils ¢ Lappians, the Emperour of Ruſſia his deputie (who 
pasthere together the tribute of the Lappians) ſent fo me to come to his tent, who after familiar 
falutations made me good cheere. Me demaunder of me, why none of our fiippes came chither. J 
anfwered him, betauſe we knew not the place before nom neither pet heard of any faire that was 
uunthett. Then (aid he. if pou wil come hither, here would more people refopt to Kill dich, A chinke 
itgood (laid be) that vou make a beginning. J tolde him, chat by the grace of Gov the next peere, 
Eng lith hippe ſhould come thither. a 

vetauſe J {aww the ſeruants of the king of Den marke there alfo the tribute, J afken 
Ville pheothrouiche the Ruſſe deputie, whether the Denmarks would not be a let to bs, if we 
foul come to this Kegor, And he ſalde, no, they ſhould not: lg this lande is my kings and theres 
it be holde to come hither, f 

Oe Kerils and che Lappians ſolde no ſiſh until the laid deputie bad looked vpon it. and bad gts 
wenther — 8 debe J atkedbim what ee eee 
tt perrles, we, red and greene, Meale flrong beert, wine, peter es, and golde. 

che Lappians pap tribute co the 3 of Ruſſia, tu the king of Denmarke, and to the 
lugel Sweden. De tolde me that the Riuer Cola is litle moje then 20. leagues to the South. 
vnd of Kepor, where we ſhould haue great plentie of Calmon, if cane were any thing cheape in 
Ruta’ fop then poope men would refope thither ts kill falmon, 

Che Dutchmen tolde me that they had made a good peere of this hut the Kerils cumplained of 
theraufe they could not fell all their dich, aud that they ſolde, was as pleaſed the Dutchmen, and 
uthet otune price, Falken the Kerils at what pice they fold their ſilb to the Ruſſes and they fain 
. 24, fithes fo2 4, altines, I thinks chey ſolde litle aboue 20. pence, the 25. 


peere. N 

Che Dutchmen tolde me that the bell ſtocke ſiſh is made at Kegor, I ſawe at Vaſillees tent 7, 
08 jaueling,and halfe a dozen ol bowes bent, t...ytheit budgets of artowes and liketiſe os 
withether weapons: Otherwile J (awe no weapons there. 

Awas alfo conucped to their longings, which gathered tribute fox the king of Denmarke, 
where q fawe a paire of bilbowes: aud J al ken were fo the Lappians (if necde 
unt ) and they laid no, but one ly fo their otone.companie if 8 | 

Che Kerils and the Lappians are not to be trulled, for they mill ſteale as well as the Rufles if 
they muy conueniently tome by ang thing. 

Lerering my vopage, becauſe the winde was ſcant to goe backe againe to Colmogro, I 
ti tothe Cattwards of the point Ne gor, and ſent co land, m baked to batches of byead,jit 
hen thatthe Kerils haue for theitowne ppouifion, 

: Inſtructions 


Hh z 


The voyages and difcoueries Orders for the fleet, 


Inſtructions giuen to the Maſters and Mariners to be obferued 


in and about this Fleete,pafSing this yeere 1 5 5 7.toWard the Ray 
of S.Nicolas in Ruſſia, for this prefent Raze to be made and retume 
of the fame by Gods grace to the port of London, the place 
of e fcharges inthe Articles en- 
fuing is deduced, 


Arlt, it is accoped and agreed betmerne the ſeutrall proprictaries and ona, 

matters and companies of the foure thips, ſurnamed the Primroſe, the lohn E. 

uangeliſt, che Anne andthe Trinitie, and the Lieutenant, Confuls,alideng 

companie of che Marthant⸗ . 

fhall in good oꝛder and conduct, faile, paſie, and trauaile together in 

ginge, and conſerue of ſocietie, , nurse in gie. 
be, — ag 


4 ee ee ee 1 er bein 

q; behinde the Avmirall, that then the telt of the ſhippes (hall tacke on take of their . 
drag they map meete and come together, in as good onder as map be, o the intent to keepe the 
touſoꝑtment exactly in all points. 
5 Jets alto conttieute, coat ithe Coie halbe Ceneren bp milk op varke weather in Gch Coca 
the one cannot haue fight of che other, Wen and in ſuch cafe che Admiral (hal make found and ure 
Rippin a nT 
6 It is alſo to be obferuen, that euery day once che other chee Cippes Chall fende and come ⸗ 
booꝛd the Admiral, and there confule and Le 
affurance of their Nauigation, and molt expedition of the fame, 
7 Item chat notes ¢ entries be vayly made of their Rauigations put in writing ¢ memo n 
Pag er E NN 

t is accopved that oCaptaine aue the principal rule and gouernement of then 

pent curt oe ey, bce oor ees, fhalbe attendant and obedient te 

o “lia cbeena beer ny bochan other tqanybe Spe open the batt other place of 
9 no Deere nop Noch. o vpon the balatl.op 
thereby any — — — tote menge 
ofthe perſons in the fame, 
10 Item, thatthe Captaine by diſcretion ſhall from time to time dilſhip any artificer en Engi 
ſeruingman oz apprentice out of the Primeroſe into any of the other thee (ippes, ant 1 * 
ie hap rp nb re any fuch apprentice as he hall chinke conucnient, and moll meete to true the 

companie, 
11 Item, that great reſpect be han to the gunners and cookes roomed, chat all danger and per 
rill of powder and fire may be eſthewed and auopded, 
12 Item chat ſinguler care ¢ reſpett be had to the dee alwell in Pauigation asin 
e 8 be lacking oz 
— ere 

— 1 


13 eee ae 
of moleſtatton be done orprorured to be attempted to our hips b ©) companits, 
e hia erie eee eee ee rae ae 


no final boat bath bene made: which giuerborcafion 
14 a ain rene be pain rari 2 


iners to be obferued 
5 7-toward the Bay 


made and returne 
don, che place 
cles en- 


erall pꝛopꝛietaries and otoners, 
uned the Primrofe, the lohn E. 


dilſdlubly tobe e 
wer) by pollibilitie hall op may 


albe Aumirill of this nut, am 
D that all other the Chips hall 
(in harbozough eſperialip lui 
captain, the Hater se, 


nomi para 
nd 8 a8 

mo everci fe of Febe Game, * 
halbe out of ſight either 

che on take of their ſailes in (uh 
up be to the intent to keepe the 


N Darke weather, in ſuch forces 
miral (hal make found and nile 
e Hips map come as nigh togr 


 Hippes ſhall ſende and come » 
er and things as Chall be fo the 
S put in writing e memopic / 
to learne and obſerue che (ame, 
ule and gouernement of they 
halbe attendant and obedient io 


ali on other place of che 
be flippe to che infection 0) 


e diſſhip any artificer o Engh 

er thee Mppen, ans intr 
Nude 
roomes, chat all danger and pe · 
eue ation etn 
in elchuement of uch lolles, es 


age 


5 


Orders for the flete, 
— es 


Mchnth.fenkinfon. 


ofthe Englih inagion. = 


. cnenen again® vs, 


— 


n 


barat) 


40 itie o 


q Owners of the Primeroſe. 
drewe Iudde 
William Cheſter. 
Anthony Hickman. 
Edward Caſteline. 


be eo — Rn 
and ol as 
inſtrutt the companie ounttey, quettions 


bps eee ha gabe 
Ienkinſon is in 
alee tees and octu · 


q Owners ofthe Iohn Euangeliſt. 
Andrew 


Iudde. 
William Cheſter. 
q Owner of che Anne. 
Iohn Dimocke. 


q de of the Trinitie. 


ade by Maſter Anthony Ienkinſon, from 
en goed the land of RufSa, begonne the twelfth 


= 13 from 
2 pt ek hari, ope Grauefend embarked my fel 1 a — 


x rs — 


mane gate che Trinitie cam on torkes, that lye 
bilged anv — — the un the came off againe, be⸗ 
par rae Primerofe remaining at an anker in the wands, che other 


the Primerofe. 


J cauled the Gate Trinicie to be grounded, frarchev, 


— 1 
aBrepaited. o we remainer in the Gato hauen, vntill che 28. day: and then the winde being 
walters Cares ie E re n brd. uf . 


«a 


334. be voyages and diſcoueries A. e Antb. Fenkinjon, 


ellich 
Lbe m 


dag. 40. ni“. 
Rot Iſlands. 


L 
e of 


A1 


66. 


— ——— —— — —-—t—̃—̃— 
the lohn Euangelift came on ground vpon a land, callep the Andros, toberc the remained outta, 
and the next full fea the came offagaine, without any great hurt, God be ppaifen, f 

‘The 29. day iu the moming, all four (aps meutd in the TAands. and that cide went as furry ag 
Orfordveſſe, where we tame ta an ander, becauſe the wind was noꝛtherlp: And about ize of te 
clocke at night, the wind vered to the Southwell and we weped anker, and bare cleare ofthe belt 
and then let our courſe nach calk, and by month, vntill midnight, being then cleare of V armouh 
ſands. Then we winded Worth and by Click, and North nachweſt, vntill the Gritof June a 
nodne then it waxed calme, and continued fo, vntillthe ſecond dap at nooue: then the winde came 
at Noxcheſt, with a tempel, and mur rain, and we lap cloſe by, aud caped Noxth Hofthtal an 
ope heat and by Noftly as the winde ſhifted, and ſo continued vntill the third dap at noone : ih 
the winde vered Tlelterly againe,and we went ¥2n7h our right court, and fo continued our kay 
vntil the fourth day, at hace of the clocke in the afternoone , at whichtime the winde vered tothe 
Noxtbweſt againe, and ble we a freth gale, and fo continued vntill the fencuth dap in the nu, 
we lying wich all our ſhippes cloſe by, and caping tothe Nothwards; and then the winde Trang 
more Ntherly, we were ſuced to put roomer with che coat of Eugland againe, and fell our 
thwart Ne we taſtel. but went not into the hauen e fo plied bpon the coaſt the eight day ¢ tbe ninth, 
The tenth dap, the winde came to the Noch Mopehwet, and we forced to beare roomertnth 
Flamborow head, where we came to an anker, and there remained vntill the ſeuenteruth daß. 
Chen the winde came faire, and we weyed, and {et out courfe Noꝛth and by Eat, and ſo tout 
edthe fame with a meary winde, vntill the 21, at nooue, at which time we tooke the Sunne, ud 
bad the latitude in 6o, degrees. Then we ſluſted cur courſe, and went Nozth. Noztheaſt, and Hor 
caſt, and by noꝛth, vntil the 25. day. Then we diſcouered certaine Iſlands, called Heilick Ffandg, 
Iii from vs noꝛtheaſt, being in the latitude of s. degrees, 10. miuutts. Then we went nozth nd 
by Net, becauſe we would not come too nigh the land and running that courſe 4. houres, werife 
toutred, and had fight of Roſt Illands, ioyning to the maine land ol Finmarke. Heve the Dun 
cuntinueth in ſight aboue the hozizon, almoſt 2. moneths together, dap aud night, Thus continuing 
our courfe along the coatt of Norway, and Finland, the 27. day we tooke the Sunne, being as in 
fhot as Lofoote, and had the latitude in 69, degrees. And the fame day in the alternoone Appen 
ouer our heads a raine bowe, like a ſemitircle, with both ends vy ward. Nate that there is betwen 
the ſaid Roſt Iſlands, and Lofoote, a tobirle poole called Maleſtrand, which from halle ebbe,ww 
til halfe flood, maketh fuch a terrible noiſe, that it (hakerh the rings in the oozes of the inbabitits 
houles of the ſaid Illands, ten miles ol. Alfod there commeth any Whale within the currentel 
the ee a 3 e e e. bles into nee Har of freames,¢ af 
ter wi be be cattout eqatue.che ends ¢ boughes altem e fo beaten, that they ue 
like Wie Wempe ek dne. Noce, that au she coſt ot Finke is aden 
and bits, dein rouered alt the peeve with nome. And hard aboopd the ſhoare of this coatt heren 
100,03 150. fadoms of water in depth, Thus pꝛocteding and ſayling forward, we fell with m J 
land called ZLenam, being in platituneof 70, degrees. About this Aland, we ſuw many Aha, 
very monſtrous, about our ſhips. ſame by eftimation of 60, foote lung: and being the ˖ 
time. they roared and cried terrihiy. From thence we fel with an Illann called Kettelw icke. Chis 
coatt kram Roſt vnto Lofoore lieth nouth ¢ fouth,and from Lofoote to Zenam, noꝛtheaſt ¢ duc) 
weſt, and from Zenamto Kettelwike, eaſt nogtheaſt, ę weſt ouch weft. From the laid Kettelwile 
we failed eaſt e by noꝛch 10. leagues, fell with a land, called Inger found, where we 


ichen being 
becalmed, x tooke great plenty of Cons, Thus plying alc. g the coaſt, we fil with a Cape, called 


the Nozth Cape, which is the nonthermoſt land that we pafle in our voyageto S. Nicholas is u 
the latitude of 7 1. degrees i o.minuts and is from Ingerſound Gaff, and to the nachm 15, 
leagues. And being at this. Month Cape the 2. day of July, we bad the ſunne at nouh 4.vegreese 
boue che Oozizon. The z. day we came to Wardhouſe, hauing ſuch mitts that we could not ſtethe 
land. This Wardhouſe ia à Caſtle ſtanding in an Iſland 2. miles from the maine of Finland ub 
iect to the king ol Denmarke, the Eaſtermoſt land that he hatu. There are 2. other J flanvs nett 
adioyniug vnto that, wbereon the Cattle of Wardhouſe ſtandeth. The inhabitants of thoft 3. . 
lands Jie anelp bp fithing & make much Rocketith , which tbey dy huith froſt : their mottéreting 
ishfhsbyea., and Dpiuke they bane none, but ſuch as is hougbt them from other placed, They bat 
final Qope of catte ll, whieh nce alſo fed wich the, From Wardhouſe we ſailed ſouth fourhealt ten 
leaques,¢ fell with a Cape al land called Kegor,p nothermoſt part of the lane ot Lappia. anole 
tween Wardhouſe, i che ſaid Cape. is a great Bay, called Dommes haff, in the ſouth pare where 


gras of is a Mouaſterie of Monkes , of the Ruffles religion. called Pechinchow. Thus proceeding 
— 


wurde, aud ſailing along the coaſt of the ſuide lande of Lappia, winding 


eA nth Fenkinfon, 
Boabe panes mained our, 


ds, and that cide went as 
ontherly: And — 
nber, and bare cleare ofthe 
being then cleare of Yarmouh 
hweſt, vntill the ürſt ol Junt t 
at noone: then the winde eum 
aud caped Noꝛth Nontheaſt n 
ill the third day at noone: thm 
ourle. and fo continued our tay 
hich time the winde vered tothe 
che ſeucuth day in the manu, 
ros: and then the binde tang 
Eugland againe, anv fell cur, 
be coat the eight day ¢ the nin, 
we forced to beare roomer int 
hed vntill the ſcuenteruth rap, 
athand by Catt, and ſocouim 
time we tooke the Sunne, a 
nt orth Moztheaſt, and Horz 
ſllands, called Heilick Jſunds 
iuuts. Then we bent nose) ann 
ng that courte 4. boures, we dif 
of Finmarke. Weve the Sunne 
day aud night, Thus continuing 
e tooke the Sounne, being a la 
e day in the alternoone. append 
ward. Note that there is betten 
and, which from halle ebbe, ww 
in the doozes of the inbabitits 
iy TAbale within the currentof 
into it bp fopce of ftreames,¢ af 
bene fo beaten, that they ue 
f Fihnmmtko is high motmtaints, 
Dthe Hoare of this coat cher i 
ling forward, we fell wich an J. 
Aland, we ſaw many Aba 


mg: and being the en 
ſlanm called Kettelwicke. Chis 
te tu Zenam, ¢ fouh 
welt. From the ſaid Kettelwile 
er found, where we fithen, being 
oa, we fil with a Cape, tu 
r vopageto S. Nicholas, nisi 
5 — to the nepebtwarts 15, 
deve ſunne at noth 4. degrees 
h mifts that we could not ſtethe 
‘From the maine of Finland ſub 
Tbere are 2. other Fflands nei 
» She inhabitants of thot 3. 36 
p. wich froſt: their moſt feeding 
from other places, They bat 
uſe we ſailed ſouth ſoutheaſt ten 
rt of the land ol Lappia. And be- 

uch pare 


nes haff, in the fo 


hinchow. Thus proceeding fs» 
alain Rete te 


Maetrsh.Fenkinfon.. of the Englith nation, 335 

papshpoush great mitts and barkencs,we loft che companie of the orher thee fips, and met nce 

wich chem againe, vucill the 2. dap, wheu we fell with a Cape op beadland, called Suctinole, 

hich ig thecntring into the Bap of S. Nicholas. At this Cape lieth a great ſtont to the which the 

parkes chat paleo therebp, were wont to make offtings of butter, meale, and other victuals, thin 

pingthae vulelle they did ſo, their barkes oz vellels Moulve there periſh, as it hath beene olten · 

gmesteent : and there it is very darke ¢ miſtie. Note. chat the 6. day we paſſed by the place where 

Gott Hugh Willoughbie, with all bis companie pericded, whichis called Arzina reca chat is to wrsinareca 

letter Arzina. The land of Lappia is an high land- hatung Crow lying on it commonly all Su Gan 
The people of the Countrey are halfe Gentiles: they liue in the ſummer time neere Wesougpsp 


Cut Alland, which is ſeuen leagues from the (aid Cape Southweſt: and from this Illand, we 
fecouer to the other {ide of the Baye, and went ſouth ſouthweſt, and fell with an headland called Cre entrmg ot 
Forenole, which is from the laid Iſland 25. leagues. The tutring of this Bape from Croſſe Iſ· the man of . 
lun uthe neereſt land on the other fine is ſeuru leagues ouer. From Forcnole proceeding for 2 
mn the tuellch dap of the fain moneth of Julie, all our foure ſbips arriued in lafetie at the rape 1e ar be 
of Saint Nicholas, in the land of Ruſſia, where we ancozed, and had ſapled from London vnto 
thelmde roade ſeuen hundzed and fiftie leagues, The Rulian Ambaſladour and his companie 
nich great top gotte to hope, and aur ſhippes here fore) wich diſcharged themlelues: and being la⸗ 
waage and hauing a faire winde departedtomatde England the fAritof Auguſk. Che third of . 
the (apde moneth L with other of my companie came vnto the citie of Colmogro, being an bun: 
in betttes froin the Bay of Daint Nicholas, and in the latitude of 64. degrees, 25. minutes. A 
carries at the ſayd Colmogro vutill the fifteenth day: and then J departed in a little boate bp the 
great tiuer of Dwina, which mrt roses rat the felfe fame day palled by the mouth of 
atiues called Pinego, leauing it on our left hand fifecenc verſtes from Colmogro. Ou bath fives Pinego run. 
ofthemout of this riuer Pinego is high land. great rocken of Alabattre great woods, and Pyue⸗ 
splecets lying along within the ground, which by repope haue lyen there ſince Mors flood. And 
thus proceeding loxward the nineteenth day in the mening, J came into a towne called Yemps, oe 
Au berſtes from Colmogro. Allthis way along they make much carre, pitch and ales : 
Aon trees, Frumthente J came to a place called Vitiug, an aucient citic the laf day of Aus witug. 
gull, Ae chis titie meete two rivers : the one called Iug, and the other Sucana,both which fall ine 
techesforefain tiuer of Dwina, The riuer of lug hath his {pring in the land o the Cartars cal: 
i izzi gto the countrey of Permĩa: and Succana hath his head from a lake not 
farrefeomthe citie of V ologhda. Thus departing from Vitiug, ¢ palling vp the riuer Succana, 
wecame toa tone called Tocma. About this place the water is very ſballom, and ſtanie, ¢ trou⸗ 
lleſame for Barked and boates of that counttey, which they tal Naſſades aud Dofneckes, to paſſe 
thet way: wherein marchandiſe are trauſpoꝛted from the afopeſayd Colmogro to the citte of Vo- 
loghda. Theſe veſlels called Naſſades, axe very long builded, bꝛoade made, and cloſe aboue, flatte The delrttyti⸗ 
imm a dave not aboue foure foote water, and mill cartie tio hundiev tunnes: they haue arate, 
dune pron appertaining to them but all of timber, and when the winde ſerueth, then are made to 

Other wiſe they haue many men, fome to bale and dꝛawe by the neckes with long ſmall 


on fone woonke, couered wich birch Barkes, and wood ouer che ſame: Their 


dacht my pon t 
Churches are all of wood, ttvo fot euery partth, one to be heated fo, Winter, and 1 — — 


336 The voyages and diſeoueries M. Antb. Fenikinfn, 
6. p eee 


Hummer. 
On the toppes ol theit houfes they laye much earth, fo, fare ol burning: ian they are 
plagued ary This Vologhda is in 39. degrees, 11. minuts, and is —— 
1coc, 0 
All che way J neuer tame in houſe, but laoged in the wilderneſſe, by the riuers lde, n 
Seed cm carried pouifion ft the way. Aud he chat will traueil thoſe wales, muſt carry wich him an w 
foytcaucliets, chet, a tinder boxe, and a kettle,co make Are and ſeethe meate, when he hath it: for there is lud 
fuccour in thofe parts, vnleſſe it be in townes. 
Che firk dap of December, a departed from Vologhda,in pole in a ſled, as the manner 
Winter. And the way to Moſcua is as follometh. f 4 Vologhda to Commelski,27, — 
{oto Olmor 23. verſtes, ſo to Teloytske, 20, verſtes, ſo tu Vre 30. verſtes, foto Voſhansko, 30, 
verſtes then to Y crailaue, 30. which ſtandeth vpon the great riuer Volga,{otoRoftoue, 
30. berſtes then to Rogarin, 30. vtrſies ſoto Peraſlaue, io. verftrs, wbich is & great tui un 
ding hard bp a faire lake. F rom thence to Dow bnaye, 30. veſtes. ſo to Godoroke, 30. verties, f 
2 30. verſtes, and laf to the Musko, 25. verſte s. where J arriued the fit day ti De 
er. 


There are 14. polis, called Vannes, betwetne Vologhda, and Musko, which are acromper 
5 oo. berſtes aſunder. 

The 10. day ol December, I was ſent for to the Empetours Caſtle, by che ſaide Cmprronr, 
and deltuered my letters vnto the Merretarie, who talked with me of diuers matters, by the com 
mandement of the Emperdur. And after that my letters were tranflated, J was anſwerrd chu 
was welcome, and that the Emperour would giue me that J deſired. 

The 25. dap, being the dap of the natiuitie. I came into the Emperours prefence,and hilleo big 
hande, who fate aloft in a goodly chaire of effate , hauing on his heade a ctowne moſt richiy der 
Pid anda ttaffe of golde in his bande, all apparelled with golde, and garniſhed with ett 


peeres of a 


bora 


1 Empervur dined in a faire great Hall, in the middeſt whereof was a pillar foure 
very artificially made, about which were diuers tables ſet, and at the v ft part of the 
fate che Emptrour bimſelfe, x at his table face his byother, his Cincles lonne, the Metropolit, 
the poung Emperour of Caſan, and diuers of his noble men, all oł one ide. Chere were uu 
Ambailadors, ¢ other ſtrangert, as wel Chniſtians, as Peathens viuerſly appareſlev, tu chemmm 
ber of Soo, men, which dined in the ſaid hal, beſides 2000. Tartars men of war, which were ne 
lytome to render theinfelues to the Emperour, and were appointed to ſerue him in his wartet 
gaintt the Lyfflanders hut they bined in ather hals. I was (et at a litle table, hautng no tm 
with me, directly befope che Emperours fate. Being thus ſet, and placed, the Emperdurſent m 
diuers boles of wine, and meave,¢ many diſbes of meat from his owne hand, whit h wert boa 
me by a Duke, and my table ſerued all in golde, aud ſiluer, and ſo le iſe on other tables, thew 
were fet boles of golde ſet with lone, wolth by eltimation 400, pounds ſterling one cup, belines 
e ' * 
‘Shere was alfo a Cupboo ot plate, moſt ſumptuous, and rich. which was not vid: among 
che which, was a peere of golde, af tine pardes long, wyougbt in the toppe with Towers, av 
Duguns heaves , alſo diners barreis of golde, and ſfluer, with Cafties on the bungs, rich, 
and artificially made. Che Emperour, and all the Wall thnoug bout, was ferucd with Dukes: 
and toben dinner was ended, the Emperour called mee by name, and gaue mee dine with 
bis owne hande, and fo A departed to my lodging. b 
Rote, that when the Emperour winketh, all che companie ſtande vp, and tt euery tine, 
S bleflach bimſelle. Many other thing s 3 lato ther bap, 
The 4, ol Fanuarie, which was Twelſtide withthem, the Emperour , with his brother am 
all bis Noble all moi richip apparelled mitch gold. pearles,metions ſtonex, ¢ coftly furrey, wid 
4 


J. Anth.Fenkinfon, | 


¢ of burning: ln they are fay 
from Colmogre, 


Wits, and is 


tneſſe, by the riuers fe, n 
, mud carry wich him an 
n he hath it: oz there in lau 


in a led, as the manner tun 
la to Commels ki, 27. 
verſtes, foto Vothansko, ze, 
eat riuer Volga, ſoto Roſſoue, 
» which is & great totone, un 
to Godoroke, 30, 

e J artiued the ſixt day De 


Musko, which are artompen 


Lattle, by the laide Emyemm, 
of diuers matters, by the u 
lated, J was anſwertd thay 
De 


erouts prefenceans killed bis 
ade a ctowne moſt richly der 
and garniſbed wich pretions 


next vnto him a bope of tut 
ed by this Emperoae 8,peeres 
h golde, and tone. And aer 
gme by my name bade mets 
B at fire of the clocke, y candle 


I 
he b part 
l —— 


which was not ble * 


Towers, 
Nate on de bega 
mit, was ferucd with Dukes: 
„ and gaue mee winde beth 


tande vp, and at enerp tim, 
oer tng ta et, 
ye tou , with bis bꝛother an 
8 Rones, ¢ con Kurres, v 

D 


lmin letteth out to arme, x fomnrctimes beſtoweth for a yerrt o tuo on ſote Dult 
miatttonpente 


Ve Tab. Fenſcaſen. ofthe Englifh nation. 


— TE, LC LT CE RI 
acetone vpon his head, ok the Tartarian faſhion, went tothe Church in poceflion, with the Pe⸗ 
ropelicanrand Ditters biſhops, and pꝛieſts. That day I was beſqʒe the Emperour again, in Ruſſe 
apparel and che Emperour athe tfrhat were not J, and his Chancelo; anſwered pea. Then he 
dame te dinnerahen came he out of the Church. ud went wichebe pꝛocelſian vpon the riuer. be · 
ig ill ftopen anv there ſtanding bare headed, with all his Nobles, there was a hole made in the 
wean the Hetropolitan hallowed the water wich great ſolenmitie, and ſeruite. and did raft of 
the fad water vpon the Emperours ſonne, andthe Nobilitie. Chat done, the people with great 
changing Glled pots ol the (aid water to tarry home to their houſen, ind diuers childzen were 
dgotwen in and ficke people, and plucked out quickipagaine, and diuers Tartars chꝛiſtened: all 
wich the Emperdur bebeld, Allo there were bꝛougbt the Emperdurs beſt hopfes,to dinke at the 
lad allowed water. All this being ended he returned to his pallate againe, and went to dinner 
bpcandle light, and late in a woodden houfe, very fairely gilt. There dinevin che place, aboue 
300, frangers,anb J late alone as A did before, directlp beloze the Emperour, and had my meat, 
dun and dinke ſent me from the Emperour. 
Che tuie ol Mus ko is great. the houſes for the molt part of wood, and fome of lone, with wine 
nei ol pron, which ſerue fop ſummer time. There are many faire Churches of ſtone, but mope of 
bond ich are made hot in the winter time. The Cmperours lodging is in a faire, an large car 
llt, walled foure ſquare at bricke, high. and thicke, ſirunt ed vyon a hü, two miles about, and che ri 
ueton the Southweſt Nive of it, and it hath 16. gates in the Fee ee 
lutis feparaced from the reſt of the Calle. by a long wall going noꝛth and fouth,to the luer five, 
qn bis pallace are Churches, ſome of ſtone, and ſume of wood, with round towers ſatrelp gilded. 
Inthe Church doopes,and within the Churches, are images of golde: the chiefe markets lz all 
things are within the ſaide Caſtle, ud kon ſundꝛythinge s, ſundzy market, and Her by it 
i Aldo in the winter there is a great market without the Cattle, vpon the river being frozen, 
in chere is lold coꝛne, tarthen pots, tubs ſlens. t. The Cattle is in circuite 2900, oye 
Che cunerie is full of marith ground, and plaine,in woods and riuers abundant, but it bungeth 
ee et Emperour is of great power: ſoꝛ he hach conquered much, ag 
weilofthe Lyfflanders, Poles, Lertos, ind Swethens,ag alfoof the Tartars, and Gentiles, called 
os tim much inlarged his dominions, He keepeth bis people in great fubiec: 
matters paſſe bis iu nt, be they neuer fo ſmall. The lawe is ſbarpe ſ all offenders, 
Che Petropolitan dealeth in matters ol religion. an himſelſe liſteth, nome the Emperour 
greatly honopeth, They vle the ceremonies. and oꝛders of the Greeke Church, They woplhip mas 


| uponages.painced on tables aud ſpeciallp the imageofS.Nicholas. Cheir Pꝛieſis be marrien, 


burcheie toes being dead, they may not marrie che ſecond time, and fo become MPonkes, where 
ithere ert a great munber in the land. 
Chey bare foure Lentz in the pere, and the werke belme MV iyottive , they call the Butter 


Chey haue many fortes of meates and dzinkes, when they banker, and delight in eating of 
pull menten, and ſtinking fithe, Before they vpinke, they vie to blowe in the cup: their greutelt 
dunn is in min king 1 thep are great tatkers,¢liers, without any faith eꝝ truſt in cheir wos, 
nent nd vifiembter s, Che women be there very obedient to their huſbands, and are kept 
feaigitip from going abroad, but at ſome feafons, 

up being there, J heard of men, and women, that duke awaytheir childzen, and all their 
guabs.at the Emperours tauerne, and not being able to pay, bauing impauned bumſelſe, che Ca- 
um bring eth him out to the high wap, and beates him vpon the leggent then they chat pall bp, 
nalung che cauſe, and hauing peraduenture compaſſion bpon him, giueththe monie, and ſa he is 


Inenerp good cotune,chere is a duuken Cauerne,callena Curſemup, which che Emperor 


fleeues thereof very long, which be weareth on his arme, rufen vy. Under 
i! long garment, buttoned wi Ake barten, wb a bigh eller Ranving ypet toe 
: colour and chat garment is made ſtraigit. Chen his (birt is very fine,and wꝛoug t with ree fie, 
©} fome gold, with a coller of pearle Under his ſhirt he bach linnen beeches , vpon bis leggrss 
paire of bofe taithout feetr, x bis bootes of red o pellom leather. On his head he weareth a whit 
Colepecke, with buttons of ſiluer, gold, pearle, oz ſtont, and vnder it a blacke Foxe tap. unn y 


4 . 
571 D Ä rr re 
A The voyages and diſcoueries 1/.eA4 nth.Fenkinfg. 

| | oyag Fenkinfoa, 

| 
11 very bpoad. 
| Men he rweth on hozſe backe to the warres,op any iourney, be bath a wand of the Tui 
falbion and his bo we and arrowes of the fame manner, In the tawne he weareth no beayenb 
onelp two op chte paice of kniues. hauing the batts ol the tooth of a ſiſhe. called the Mane. 

Zu the Unter time the people trauell with ſleds, in Cowwne and Countrep, the wap being 
hard and {mooch with now: the waters and riuers are all frozen, and one Hoole with aflen, wal 
mam aman vpouit 400, miles, in the daies: but in the Dunmer time, the way is deepe nu 

188 f mire and traue ling is verp ill. ö 
711 Tbe Nuſſe. i be be a man of any abilitie neuer goeth out of his houle in the Winter, but open 

4 bis fledandin Summer vpon bis horle : and in his Med he fies vponacarpee, op a white Bentz 
i dumme: the lenis tratwen with a hople well necked, wich inany Fores and Cloolues tailes a bis 
4| | niche, xis conducted by a litle bop vpon his backe: his ſeruants and vyon che taile of the lia 

| The voyage, wherein Ofepp Napea the Moſcouite Ambaſ- 
‘fadour, returned home into his Countrey with bis entertainment at 
“a his arriuall, at Colmogro: and a large defcription of the manners 
ofthe Countrey. 
; a Oerwelfth of Maye, in the peere of our Lowe, 1 5 67, there denten un 
aN N Gtaueſende, foure good ſhippes well appointed for Marchants, which wen 
Mh it metentip bund into the Baye of S. Nicholas in Ruſſia, wich tobich thippes 
e crancp enten m taried home, one Oſepp Gregoriwiche Napea, tho tas 
e Pellenger fromthe Emperour, and Great Duke of Mofcouia. Juin 
a were theſe, whofe names followe,viz, 


She Primerofe Admiral. * 
1 : She lohn Euangeliſi Uiceadnurall. 
3 Che Anne, auch Trinitie Attensam, . 
Cher 3, of July, che ſoꝛeſaide foure hippescame co an anber in the Baye of S. Nicholu o 
ſatde Melienger. 


ine m Abbey called the Abbey of S. Nicholas, whereas the Oſepp Gregor 
wich Napea, went a ſhoaxe, and as many Eng liſh men as cume to ſerue the 1 
wee iit bim at rhe Abbey on the fhace of ne bates, Umsiibe bab gotten all bis ching fam, 
and laden the ſame in Barkes, to goe vp the riuer Dwina, vnto Vologhda , twbich is by unn 
_ 1000, verſtes, and euery vertte is about the quarters of an Engliſd mile. ' 
Che 20, of July, me veparten from S. Nicholas, andthe 24, of the fame, we came te Col- 
mogro, where we remained eight dates i and the faine eſſenger was there of all his aque 
12 vt tante meicommed home, and had pꝛeſents innumerable ſent vnto him, but it was nuthinz ba 
. ; pes i i and ſome buttered bꝛead and pancahes, 
eS nes geeſe, duckes hennes and all manueref bite 
ö 1 ———— Irrer log among them iht 
4 * are p 0 . . } 
be 29. cc July me departed from Colmogro, and the 14. of Auguſt we tame to Vitions, 
here we remained one dap, and changed our barkes,o} boates, ; 
. & Auguit, wee came to Vologhda, where we remained foure dates, wnlaving te 
| darken amd lading our cheftes and in final wagons, with one hoofe in a perte, whichin 
it are called Telegos and with theſe Telegoes, they taried aur ſtuſfe from Vologhts 
1. rr sand we bete vpon the fame way 14. dates :fop e we 
{Tf us oes, 
1 U ‘Shere — berintens the Musko,and Vologhda, tbat is to fap, V crete, 
Roftanc,¢ Pereflaua. Upon one five of Yereflaua,runneth a famous riner, tobich is calles ve. 
| | wanneth into the Caſpian ſra, aid it deuiderh it felfe, before it come ince the Mare Cafpiam, 
5, me, o neere unto the fame fea, chere ands a great Citie, called Boghare, in 
, somber, — tnbabicants of the tobich,are calle bp the fame name. 
1 ö Che people of the ſude Citie, doe walfthe into the Citic Wann. 
itt 


— * 
eA nth.Fenkinfoa, We Defeription of Rujfa, ot the Engliſh nation. 339 
Under hale mig Ma e They bꝛing alfo manp ſurres which they 
. u Sibert towards the B the let ol Pabomit. me 
Eine, and wyoug yt with rep 112,06 % we came vnto no ec osko, there me were bought by Napea, ate: . 
ubpeeches , vpon his leggmz aacen ofthe Emperours gentlemen vnto a large boule, tuberc curry one of vs had hes chamber 
Dn bis bead bemannten 1 at September be lere commauded tocome vntotbe Empetout, and ienmenlatel ats 
nnen e — 4—ꝭ4 4 rg “4 vnto tehom each ol bs did his dutie * 
bite a ane ofthe Cai chaite of Rate, i Lars tty 
4 u 7 
n, and one bole with ee 
net time, the way is deeye tuch 
shoule in the Winter, but open N 
— 8 1 Fichacche appr eof se table were (et the Cmperoter bis male tie bis bother andthe Em: 
land bpon the tale ofthe la . 2 58 is prifoner, About two pardes lower fate the —.— of Caſſan bis 
Mofcouite Ambaſ gachidor ue peeres of age, and beneath him face the molt part of the Cmperotirs noe 
e Mo ° 
is entertainment umu under table neeve unto che Cmmperours table, there was fer a monke all alone, 

font commer * si points as well ſerued as che Emperour. At another table N -A g= 


ich Chiskafles, which the mperop entertainetd fo men of toacre to (crue agiinſt his enemies. Ot 

Anden bun hich people and of their countrey, J will hereafter make mention, 

— As fede * D and byead, - y bad fkren a 

25 Ruſſia, with which Gippes 
a Napea, nen 


inke. 


be ier butte tke toner 
R bic thooy inthe md of te chamber, ann their 
Ph cider by -disibinyrl gal ikea dt three ſeuerall timer, vihole 
q boices delighted our cares little c nothing. 
Emperour neuer ur pu ey en e g ef ei be a 
namin ae os het ae his maner he is very teligious and be elteemeth bis 


NN 


es hennes an 
pulp deuile: for among 
of Augutt we tame to Vliong 


aufe 
ee of mead of funtyp Gebe quent obo he 8 

16. dapol September the Epervur fene home va a Tar 
a ottaſion, ache the 8 L a very 


a Che 18. a nnen mere ginen vaca mier damm in Phiſtke, anvehe rel . Stumme 
tar men of pur occupation, certnlye freed cuntes of bance and golbe, atid om Spans, 
econo wc gasp p d ae and the tell 

3 Ar h ae re an fh earn 

cone mote Ma 


Calf, 5 ee Emperopa court, bk 
F Heres 55 Wa . . nas re 
a Masko: her ug dran W 


‘caviensue Stuff from Vologhit | 
fame wap 1.4. daies : fop be v 


en creflae, 


dinner time, at eee 

fic : and after that we were all (et vpon one fide of che table, the Emperours marette acroping 

to his arcuftomed accuffomen maner lent vntn cuttp man of bs a pittt of byean by fore of the Dues dung 

attended on e 

And whereas che 14. of tpytember we wert lerue in veſſels of gold, we were not fray » 

Dr goto: Dpinke vn the 

ap dauer boles which conceine at the leat fire gallons a piece, andeuerp man bad a mu 
* and anocher to dip opto cake bis dunke ont of che great boll withall; the 

—. F 

reteiued, we gaut thanks and departed, 

* * the leaſure iatbat any ſtranger (hall dine wich him tyr 


Cinperours p with 
doch lend fop cem in the moi e coe dim, bee with hin ont nut lo 
deth chem co dinner, and this onder he al wayes obfi 
The 10,0f October green. Lan 70. tubbles in money, ante 
reſt of our men of occupations, ; o.tubbles a piece. 
Che 3. ol —— — ine with the Emperour. where we were ſerued ag 
The &-of December bein O. Nicholas day, wre dinedagaine at che Cmperours,toy cha ig 
one of the pyincipall feats LLL 
Rongvinners, in all poties as befoze,and it was paſt 7. ol the clocke at nighe before dinner was 
Empereurs maieſtie oft cuerp peere in the moneth of December, to ry all his am 
nate chat is in the citie ol Mos ko taried into the fields which is without the Suburbes of the 1, 
tie, and there to baue it planted and bene vpon two houſes of ver filled wichin wih earth: » 
gatntt which two houſeg chere were tro faire white markes fet wp at which marken they 


bau “pleres whole thot a part of 
maa ce ri eiaabie 


f 
1218 te De- ioiedriphe 
with 


a sat enc es 
zie 5 AND 5, in a tanke in b 
wen hh zene ves right bear ane 


ch er ton hand, and in 
CF dibinauce was planted 
And before che 


tame 
ee And when de 
maieſite was ſetled where he would be, aud there be migbe fee all ehe nume i b 
fhot , barra oe bere tce,as hour i bat bend 
aue de en Ae en 
ban Qhocof chei todd 


bold. And atter this, chey began to 


a pr a eb ry mn 
enn eon 


a enen Ear la . tobere in hen 


meat and duinke, we were ſi Wa e dly and rich plate, wet unt 
ſnuthe the 02 fo much bead i prefencerbour 500. N 


andtwo hundded amd all 
Sa ane one by anneber pe ht anal 


i ei 


et, ther make ees —— —— hu 0 
U le 9 0 ¢ 
a athe river in this nefe, 22 


Is of gold, we were node fun n 
: winde 


ub i 
with mead, which fopento® there goe certaine pong men with TZlare tapers burning, and one 
cup he when bet e ir cpl tertaine . — ca ene agent La, 
ranger ine Picholas, and o Paints, which men carrie vpon their Hhealvers: after 
m, urban 2 follow certaine ppietts to the number ol 100.0) mope: after them the ettopoltan who 


l berweent ro pricits, and after the Metropolitan came che Empervur wich bus crotune vp · 


70. tubbles in money, adto thy on bis bead, and after bis maieſtie all his noble men oꝛderly. Thus they folowed the proceflion vnto 
a she bung p den they tame vnto the bole that wan made. the priedts let chemfelurs in over round 
here we were ſerued as left. shout it, nb at one fide ul the fame poole there was a ſcaffold ol booyds made, vpon which Mood a 
pine at the Cmperours, mh ig faire chaire in which the Petropolitan was let, but tbe Emperours imaieſtie ood vpon the ice. 
ſerued in Huet vellels nd oye Auer this the prietts began to ling co bleſſe and to ſenſe, and did their feruice, and fo by that 
ine bmn tas ene, time chat they bad dont, the water was holy, which being lanctificd, the Merropolitane took a lis 
December, to haue all his um tethertofin bis bandes, and ca it on the Emperour, likewile pon certaine of the Dukes, and 
without the Spuburbes of the ul chen they ttturned againe to the church wich che mie is that fare about the water: but h prealt hat 
ood filled wichin with earths » there was about che toxter when the Emperor was gone. was wonderful to behold, foy there came 
L d dont 5000, n for that Muſtouite which hath no part of that mater, 
ners can Dor, Y. 
Te, — 44 — 44 Double And very map went naked into the water, both men and women and childꝛen: after the preafe 
. a pm of hen unt litle gone, the Emperours Tennets and hoꝛſes were lnoughe to dpinke of the fame water. 
a gtent many of mam u F popfes thither to bpinke and byt hat means they make 
asholp ag themſelues. 
bllitte came into the held on zy U ceremondes being ended, we went to the Emperour to dinner, where we wert ferued 
dail with in telels of ſiluer, and in all other points as we had hene befoze time. 
e of rich tülut, x a cap offkate Che Rulles begin their Lent alwapes g. wertes before Calter: che firk werke they tate eques, 
ber of rich aud coffly dune hum snthe,checte ¢ butter, and make great cheare with pancakes and (uch other chings, one friend vir ** 


fing mother ¢ from che fame Sunday vntil our Rbroffunday, there are but few Ruſſes fober, 
batchep are Dyurtke day by day, and it is acrounted fo} no reproch o ibame among them. 


bin in good onder by 3, ¢ 3, a 


AND 5, in a tanke ind 

via restr in bis taht bom ant Chenert weeke being our fir weeke of Leut, oz our cleauling weeke beginning our Plyofe: 
auce was planted, lan they make and keepe a great ſaſt. It is reported and the people doe verilp belceue, that the 
re was acertaine Mage mare d sHerropolitan neither eateth nop minketh any mance of thing fo the {pace of ſcuen dayen, and they 
Kenge Off From the Stage fap that there ate many religtous men tobichdo the like. 

ce higb fee wp, which rane of ex Che Emperours maiesie eateth but one morfell of byead, and Dpinketh but one duugbt of 
urs maieſtie cathe into nal ontt in the day During that weeke, and all men that are of any reputation come not out of 


their houfes during that time. fo that the ſerretes are almolt void of company, ſauing a fem poope 
laben which wander to and fro. The other ſixe weckes they keepe as we do ours, Lut not one of 
them will cace either butter, chetſe, egges op milke, 


aten all the ice flat on che un On jpale ſunday they baue a very ſolemne poreflion in tbis maner folowing, 

0 was a goodly fight to be ul they haue a tree of a good bigueſle which is made falt vpon two ſleds, as though it were 
begüming with the (mallet ingthere, and it is hanged with apples, raiftns, figs and dates, and with many other fruits a 
e In the midſt of the ame tree Nand 5 boyes in white veſtures, which ſuig in the tree be: 

bet che ürtt qwer beginning faethe mocꝛſſion: after this there fo lowed certaine pong men with waxt capers in their hands bur 

ey had ended xheir fhe 3, ning.and a great lanterne chat all che light ſbould not goe out: after them followed two with long 

sere herp ſtrangiy made of Clee bamers,and b. with round plates ſet byou long Manes i the places were of copper very ful of holes 

umpb being ended ehe andthinnerthen folowed 6. carping pauued images vpon their ſboulders, after the images follow 


tettunt pietts to the number of 100,02 moe, with goodly veſtures. whereot 19.0) 12. axe of white 
mute, ſet and imbnodered raund about with faire and oxent pearles, as great as peaſe, and a⸗ 
, mong them certaine Daphires and other ſtouen. After them followed the one halle of the Empe⸗ 


wunrvtle mentthen commeth che €mperours maiettie ano tte Petro ; 

Ie ae cate [fetes xb an db, get gem aa 7 be 

prefencerbo fame c to an alles eares. Hetropolita coucr 

Me of go, an oe es net womans in bis lappe lieth a faire booke with a cructtis of Fi. sec 
2. 


— — 
red wich dend and dur of gold and ſiluer. Among the which there were 1 2 barrels of ſuutt, conteinung 
enen went tome ea en — weee 6. ooges of fine gold: thas Dinnet 
ran bp ſome of the Dukes tabi aut about 6.DOWETS, 

euem perce vpenthe welle day they vſt to bleſſe oz ſanttille the riuer Moska, which runneth 


Defcription of Ry fia. of the Hngliſh nation. 341 


set 


Che Runs 
ne, 


She Empero; 
leabeth the 
Metrovou⸗ 
tane Hoyle m 
9 n. 


Aiſſing vied in 
tbe Breeke 
church. 


With thefe let · 

ters M. Jen⸗ 

hinfon tooks 

— votage the 
me % pz 

to Bogbar. 


342 The voyages and diſcoueries Deſcription of Ruff, 


which he holveth fal with bis left hand, and in his right hand be hath a trolle of gold, 
troſſe he ceafeth not to bleiſt the people as he rideth. gun nud oy 

There are to the number ol 30. men which (read abdoad their garments before the holt, u 
as loone as the boꝛſe is pat ouer any of them, they take them vp againe and run before, and ly 
them againe,to that the pane alwap goon fome of them. They which ſpꝛed the garments an 
all ppietts fonnes,and fo) their labours,the Emperour vnto them new garments, 

One ol the Emperourt noble men leadeth the hope by the head, but the Emperou bint 
goyng on foote, leadeth the hohle by the ende ol the reine of bus bytple with one of bis hende, n 
in the other of his handes be had a batch of a Palme tree: after this follotucn the ren of the en 
perours Moble men and Gentlemen, with a great number of other people. In this onder the 
went from one church to mother within the cattle, about the diſtaunce of two fights thor ; and ſe 
returned agapne coche Emperours Church, where they made an end ol their ſeruice. (lichte 
ing done, the Cmperours maieſtie and certaine of his noble men, went to the Mttropoliame ina 
houſe to dinner, where of delicate fithes and good Khatks there was no lacke. 

1 — ol this — — ara edo on — — in their houtes 
part, and bpon po mperour doth alwapes vle to rece) 
Dacrament,and ſo doth molt part of bis nnbies, ; nun 

Upon good Friday they continue all the day in contemplation and papers, and they vle tur 
ry yette on good Friday to let loofe a prifoner in the ſtead ol Barrabas. The night folowing they 
go tothe church where they feepe vntil the next moning x at Eater they haue the rtſurtemti nd 
after euery of the L ents they eate fleſh the next werke folowing Friday, Haturdap and all, 

They baue an oꝛder at Caſter which they albunies obſrrue, and chat is this: euerp yettt aan 
Eaſter to die o colour red with Bꝛaxxell a great numberof egges, of which euerp man aud eo. 
man giueth one vnto the pꝛieſt of their Pariſh vpon Eaſter day in che moming. And mau 
the common people vfe to carrie in their hands one of chefe red ces not one ly vpon Catter bap, 
but alſo ther oy foure dapes after, and Gentlemen and Sentlewomen haue egges gilded wr 
they carrie in like maner. They vie it as they Cap fora great loue, and in taken ol the refurrenth 
on, whereolthey reiopce, Fo when two friends meete during the Calter bolpdayes, they tam 
and tabe one another by che hand: che one of them ſaieth, the Lom. o Child is riſen, the ucher ap 
n 8 kiſſe end exchange their egges both men and tome, 
con ing 4.Dapes * 

Che 12. ol Apꝛill being Ceweſday in the Catter werke, matter Jenkinſon and matter Gras, 
and certaine other of bs Engliſhmen dined wich the Emperour, where we were ferucd a we hn 
bene before time. And after dinner che Emperours maieſtie gaue vnto matter Jenkinſon any saw 
M. Gray, and ſooerly vnto euerp one of vs a cuppe of mead, according to his actullomed mimt. 
which when euerp man bad recetucd and giuen thanks, M. Jenkinſon ſtepped into the mid ofthe 
chamber before the Emperors maitſtie, and gaue thanks to his higbnes fop his gvodntſſe bute hn 
extended, deſiring his grace to licence him fop to depart, und in like maner did M. Gray. Dis unt 
tie did not onely licence them to depart. but alfo graunted vnto M. Jenkinſon his letters bude: bis 
great ſeale, vnto all princes tlnough whofe dominions M. Tenkinfon ſhould haue orcation to pale, 
that he might che fooner ¢ quietlier palſe by meanes thervof, Ciibich being granted, M. Tenkinin 
and Gray lowly ſubmitted chemfelues, thanking his maiettic.2o the Emperour gaue nee tihe 
ol them a cup of mead to dpinke,and tilled them to depart at their pltaſure in Gods peace, 

Che 1 4.0f Apill in the moming when . Sray and J were redie to depart towards Engin, 
the Chancellours ſent vnto vs, and willed vs to tome to their office in the Chancerie, where n 
our comming they ſhewed vs a great numberol the Emperours iewels, and rich robes, tilling 
vs to marke and behold them well ro the ende that at our arriuall into England, we mighe mut 
report what we hav ſerne there. 

Che chiefeſt was his maieſties crowne, being clofe waver the top very faire nought: in mint 
opinion. the woꝛkemanſhip of fo much gold few men tan amend. It was adomed and decked with 
rich and pꝛecious ſtones aboundantly, among the which one was a rubie, which food a handfull 
higher then the top of the crotune vpon a ſmall wier. it was as big as a good beane:the fame cum 
was lined with a faire blacke Sable, worth by report 4o.rubbies, 

Ve ſawall his maieſties robes which were very richly fet with llones they ſhewedvs mays 
ther great ſtones of diuers kinds, but the moft part of thé were meuen, in maner as they tamt an 
of the woke, on they do mope efteeme the greatnes of ſtonts then they do the proportion ol then. 

Me fawe tio goodly gounes which were as beanie as a man could eaſily carrie, all fet tei 
perles ouer ¢ cuer:the gards oz boꝛders round about them were garniſhed aaa a 


foription of Ruff, 


ath a croſle ol guld, with why 


went to the Wetropoleane big 
no lacke, 

nnelp, continuing intheirhoules 
r doth alwayes vie to rectiue the 


Land papers, and they vſe tut 
Tabas. The night folowingthey 
after they haue the refurrectis, n 
Fridap. Daturdap and all. 
chat is this: euery pecre againg 
28, of which tuery man and i 
in the moming. And ma 
— one ly vpon — 
women haue egges 

e, and in token ih caper be 
the Catter bolpoayes, they com 
d, dj Chukk is rifen, the ocher a» 
eit egges both men and women, 


ter Jenkinſon and matter Grae, 
where we were ſerutd as nen 
vnto matter Jenkinſon and dum 
„ding to his accuſtomed mant, 
infon ſtepped into the mid ofthe 
gbnes for his gvodneſſe vito hin 

maner did M. Gray. Vis ui 
p. Jenkinſon his letters bude: ha 
nſon ſhould haue orcafion to put, 
hich being granted, P. Tenkinion 
o the Emperour gare nee cih 
r pltaſure in Gods peace, 
redie to depart towards England, 
office in the Chancerie, where n 
s iewels, and rich robes, tuiling 
l into England, we mighe mt 


top very faire tought: in min 

t was adomed and decked wih 
5a tubie, which food a handfull 
g as a good beane:the fame aum 


ith none s they he webs may 
neuen, in maner as they tame am 
h thep do the popoxion of ham, 


an couldeatily carrie, all (ec b 


Defcription of Rujfia. ofthe Engliſn nation. 343 


they willed matter Gray at his arriuallin 
clothes as he had ſerne there, and better if hee 

eld etluring that Emperour would gladly beſtow his money vpon ſuch chings, 
ao e wont our lt aut the ſame time, and departed cowards Vologda immediately. 


The maners, vſages, and ceremonies of the Ruſſes. 


Of the Emperour. 


be emperturs name in their tongue is Euan Vaſiliuich, that is as much to lay, as 
I ae che foune of $V afilicand by bis princely Mate he is called Orclara, as his pene. © Batlins, 
Ins baue bene before, which to interpyete, is a king, that giueth not tribute to any 
a man. Aud this woꝛd Oteſara his muieſties interpreters, haue of late dayes interppeted 
obean Emperour, lo that now he is called Emperour ¢ great Duke of all Rulſla, c. Betope his 
lauer they were neuber called Emperours nop kings but onely Rueſe Velike, that is to fap, great 
Dult. And as this Emperour which now is Euan Vaſiliuich, doeth ext eed his ꝑedeceſſours in 
unt, that is, from a Dult to an Emper our, cuen fo much by report he doch exteed them in ſtout · 
gesof courage and valiantneſſe, and a great deale moze: lo; he is no moge afraid of his enemies 
ate not lew then the Dobbie of the larkes. 


- eis enemies with whom he bath warres fon the mat part are thefe : Litto, Poland, Sweden, 


Denmarke,Lifland,the Crimmes, Nagaians, andthe whole nation of the Tartarians, which are 
ganda hardie people as any vnder the Dunne. 

u enperour vſeth great familiaritte, as well vnto all his nobles aud Subiects, as allo vn · 

which lerue him either in his warres on in octupations: fo) his pleaſure is that they 

dine oftentimes in the peere in bis prefence, and beſides that he is oſtentimts abꝛoad, either 

tu church oz another, and walking with his noble men abzoad. And by this meanes he is not 

beloucd of his nobles aud commons, but alfo had in great dead and feare though all bis 

ſo that I thinke no prince in Chniltendome is more feared of his owne then he is, nop 

bett beloued. Foz if he bid any of his Dukes gye, they till runne, il he giue any cuil oꝭ an: 

due worde to any of them, the partie null not come into his maieſties prefeuce againe of a long 

timetf he be not lent fop, but will faire him to be very liche, and will let the haite of his head grow 

der ling, without either cutting oz ſhauing. which is an cuident token that bee is in the Empe- 

mis diſpleaſureꝛfoʒ when they be in their pꝛoſp : ritie, they account it a Thame to weate long haire, 
faceatineration whereol, they vſe to haue their heads ſhauen. 

His maiettic heareth all complaints himſelle, and with bis owne mouth giueth ſentence and am 
ment ofall matters andthat with expedition: but religious matters he medleth not withall, 
buteeferrect them wholy vnto che Metropolitane. 

—.— tetaineth and well re wardeth all ſtraungers that come to ferue him, and eſpecial· 
nen of warte. 

f Hee deligbteth not p in hawking, bunting, oz an other paſtime, nop in hearing inſtru · 
nents oz muſike, but all his whole delight vpon two things. Firſi, to ſerue God, as vn 
n devout in his religion, and the ſetond, how to ſubdue and conquert his ene⸗ 


De hath abundance of gold and ſiluer in his owne bandes o) treaſurie: but the malt part of his 


» ‘Wownot a crowne from a counter, nop gol from copper, they are fo much combed cherewithall, 


ad he that is worth 2.3. 02 4. grotes is a rich man. 
Of their Religious men. 


Metropolitane is next vnto God, our Ladie and S. Nicholas, acrepted: forthe Em 
perours maieſtie iudgeth and alfirmeth him to bee okhigher dignitie then bimfelfe : fox 
that (aith he, he is Gods ſpiritua ll officer, md I the Emperdur am his tempo xl officer, 

a and therefore his maieſtie ſubmitteth bimſelle vnto him in many things concerning res 
n nutterg, as in leading a Pkw ſundap and giuing him leaue 
„3. to 


— ———— 
344 The voyages and diſcoueries Deſcription Nie 


n 1a. dap. when the tiuer Mosko was in bletling., und his matettic E 

0. tie * 

All matters of religion are reformed by the Pctropolitan. be hearech the cauſes and giveth io 

„ be to whip,bang, op burne, bis ul 
needs be fulfillen, 

They baue bochmonkes, frires and nunnes, witha great number of great and rich unnd 
ries, they keepe great boſpit alitie, r ee penegeria tacines Pier 
one of the monaſteries called Troietes, which is walled about wich byicke very tron 
cattle, and much Chep told me 


church round about, ¢ euen the toole of the church was painted full of images, Che chicte mage 
twas ofour Lavp,which was garniſhed with gold, rubies, faphires and other rich fones inden 
Ip. Juche mide ofthe church food 1 2, wage tapers of too pards long nd a fathume about in ip 
nelle here Rands a kettle ful of waxe with about 1 00, waight, whertin there is altuaies the micke 
of a candle burning, as it were a lampe which goeth not out day nop night. 

They ſbewed mee a coffin couered with cloch of gold which Moode vpon one fide ticbin che 
church,in which ebep told me lay a holy man, who neuer cate nop dyanke, and pet that be liurth am 
they told me ( ſuppoling that J had belerued them) that hee bealeth many vileates, and giutththe 
blind their ſight, with many other miracles, but J was hard of beliefe betauſe J favo him unten 
miracle tubileft J was there. 


which ch trunkes wic 
tome downethwugh the roofe of the vautes in ſundyy places cnough which they poune the wan 


donne, having the cathe right vader it toreceiue the fame, fop it ſhould be a great trouble to ng 
it all doume the ſtatres. 

They give bꝛead meat and Dpinke vnto all men that tome to them, not onely while they ur u 
their abbep, but alſo when they depart, to ſerue them by the way. 

Chere are a great number of ſuch monaſteries in ty ealme, and the Cmperours maictie vb 
peth eftentimes from one to anather olthem, and lieth at them 3.03 4. dayes together. 

The fame monkes are as great merchants as any in the land of Nuſlia, and doe occupp 
and felling as much as any other meu, and haue boates which pale too and fro in the riutrs 
merchandise from plate to place where anp ocher t their countre y doe traffique, 

They cate no ſleſh during their lines as it is reported, but vpon @ „Munday, Curhey, 
Thurſday aud Saturday, it is latofull to them to eateegges, butter, chetle and milke, and a ii 
times to eat liſh and after this (opt they lead their lines, 

; They weare all blacke garments, and io doe none other in all the land, but at that abbey onelp, 
ant ot pea · They haue no preachers no not one in all che land to iuſiruct the people, ſd chat thert are many, 
= of g the molt part of the poope inthe country who if one athe them how manp gods there be they till 
Saut ind ions lay u tat may meaning that euery image twbich ehep haue is a god: fop all the countrep audthe 
arte, Empcrours maieſtie himſelle, will blefS and botwe,and knocke their heads before their images 

fo much that they will crie earneſtlie vnto their images to helpe them to the things the 
need, All men are bound bytheir law to haue thole images in their houſes, and ouer tuerp gate in 
all their townes and cities are images fet vp, vnto which the people bowe and bend, and knocks 
their heads againſt the ground before them: as often as they come by any church op crofle they w 
in like mauer. And when they come to any houſt they blelſe themſelues 3.02 4, times before they 
will ſalute any man in the houſe. N a 

hep teckan and hold it for great ſinne to touch op handle any of their images within the cir 
cle ok che booꝛd where the painting is but they keepe them very daintelp, x rich men derke the un 
and about, with gold, fuer and ſtones, and hang them ouer and about with cloth of gold. 

The pꝛieſts are married as other men are, and wear all their garments as other men dot. c 
cept their nig / cappes, which is cloch of fome ſadde colour, bepng rounde, and n 


— tes: 
ing, and his matettic tanning 
meth the tauſes and giuth tre, 
1 — 


wt i ellen 
day by day. J haue bene; 
briche ver Ang ite 


huithin chen 

and pet that he liutth am 
manp diſeaſes, and giueth the 
ofe betauſe I ſam him workeng 


ol diuers kinds of windet bad 
b aboundante of dinke as thep 
ich at once, 


" , Sunday, Curley, 
ter, chetle and milke, and a il 


9255 
he peo ate 

pty manp gods there be,chep till 
god: fo all the tountrey andi 
eit heads before their i 

them to the things which cep 
u houſes, and ouer cuerp gate n 
ple bowe and bend, and knocks 
ne by any church 0p croſſe the w 
llelues 3.0) 4, times before they 


ol their images within the ci 
aincely,¢ rich men decke the our 
—— 
— rounde, and krachen * 


e Refia, N Ryfia. ofthe Englith nation. 


345 


weint s Cheppcrotumes are fhauen, but the reũ of their baype they let grow, as long as nature 
fo that it hangeth beneath their cares vpon theit oulders : their beards they neuer 


D all as they lav. accopding to che Grecke church vied at this prefent day, 
aanthep allo ww no other religion but the Greeks, and they oume: and twill not perimit any nation 
party Orttke co be burien in their ſacred burials o churchpards, 


churches are full of images, vnto the which the people when they alſtmble, doe bow Tper ter 
ag den bers. an A haute betope (al, Chat inne wil fate knabbes pon chepfycbeabs . 


knocking as as egges. 
1 sacra tnche Hallstongue, andthep and the common prople haue no other papers 


in this, Ghofpodi Ieſus Chriſtos eſine voze ponuloi naſhe. Chat is to fay, O Loyd Jeſus 
Chil, Sonne of God haue mercy vpon bs sandehisis their mayer, ſothat the moſt part of the vu: 
yarued om neither Pater nofter, nopehe Beliefe, nop Ten commandements, nop ſcarcely vn · 
werttandehe one balfe of che (eruice which is read in their churches, 


Of their Baptiſme. 


i childe is bome, it is not baptiſed vntill the next Sundap, and if it 
. Lf Ne baptlled then, it nul carp unedll the fecon Sunday after the 3 


AWG | atofull in themt take as many Godlathers anv Goomochers asthep wall, the moye 


( 
the better. 

Wen they goto the Church the midwile goeth formt. rurying the chilbe and the Govfatiers 
sna Gormmothers follow into the midſtof the Church, where there is a fall table reavp (er, and on 
tn enthen pot full of warme water, aboutthe which che Godlathers and Godmothers, with the 
char ale themlelues: then the clearke giueth onto euery of them a ſmall ware candle burning, 
then commeth che priett, and be gumeth to lay certeine woda, whichthe Godfachers and Sodmo⸗ 
ers mutt anſwete woꝛd fo} wodd, among which ane ta, chat the chũde ſbull fopfahe che deuill and 
uche name is pronounced they mud all (pit at the wond as often as it is repeated. Then he blel. 
{ech the water which is in the pot, and doth ouer it ꝛthen he taketh all the candles which the 
ny baue, and holding them all in one hand letteth part of them moppe into the water, andthen 
gh tuery one his tandle againe, and when the water is fanctifien, he taketh che childe and ol. 
nce. one of the Godfathers taketh the pot with warme water, and pometh 
kaflopon des head. 

Akerchis he hath many moe ceremonies, as annointing eares and eyes with ſpitt le, and mas 
Hingcerecine croſſes wich oyle vpon thebacke, head, and betts of the chülde: then tabing the childe 
in his armes, carieth it to the images ol H. Nicholas, and our Lady, gt. and fpeakeeh unto the 
images, deſiring them to take charge of the chélbe, that he may liue, and belttur as a Chhyiſtian 
man oy womm ougbt to doe, with many other woꝛds. Shen coming bards fens cos ts $, 
becakerh a pappe of (heeres and clippeth the poong and tender happes of che childes head, in thyce 
nlure plates. and then deliuereth the childe, thereunto euerp of the Godfathers and Godmothers 
lapa hum: then the pꝛieſt chargeth them, that the childe be bought vp in tye faith ¢ frare of God 
n cult. and that it be inſtructẽd to clinege and bow to the images. and ſa they make an end: then 
eneofthe Godfathers mutt hang a about the necke of the chilve, whch he mut alwapes 
vent en that Rule which bach not a crolſe about his necke,they eſterme as no Clpithan man and 
thereupon they Cap that we are no Chyttians, becaule we do not weare ctolles as they do. 


Of their Matrimonie. 


bey matrimony is noching ſolemnized, but rather in moſt points abhorinable, aud ag 
Pa on neete as J can learne, in this wiſe following. 

Fug, when chere is lone betweene the parties, the mum ſendeth vnto the woman a 
8 needles thyed  fitke innen cloth, ſherres x ſuch 
mceflaties as (he (hall ortupp when ihe is a wile, and ſendeth chereuathul refons, figges 
name ſurhthinges, giuing het to vnderſtand, that il the doe offend the mult be beaten with ehe 
whippe, 


tana 


346 I he voyages and diſcoueries Deſcription of Raia 


worn 
bbe 


Whip, c bp che needles thꝛed, cloth, xc. that the Hould apply ber felfe diligently to ſowe, nd do lach 
ere 

be non be too dete ſoꝭ her: and vnto him a fhirt,bandherrberg 
aud ſome (uch things of her oune making. Aud now to the effect. a 
Then chep are agrerd, and the dap of marriage appointed, when they (hail go tomwarncs rig 
church, the bide will in no wife content co gu cut ot the boule, but refidterl and ittiueth with them 
that would bane her out, and faineth her lelfe to weepe, pet in the end. tra women get her our, a 
lead her towards the church ber face being couered clofe, becaufe of her diſſimulatiou, that u houty 
not be openly perceiued : forthe maketh a great nopee, an though the were ſobbing and turping, 
vitill the come at the church, and then her face is vncouerrd. The man conuneth after among a 
ther of his friends, and they carp wich them to the church a great pot with wint op meade then the 
pric coupleth them together much after our onder, one promifingto loue and (erie the other dw 
ring ther? liues together, ec. which being done they begume to danke, and fir the woman ray 
keth to the man, and when he hach dpunke he letteth the cuppe fall te the ground, batting armen, 
atlp to trean pon it, and fo doch the, and wbether of them read ſitſt vpon it mutt haut che lay 
and be maiſter at all times after, which common bappeneth to the man, lor he is rraditſi to iehig 
ſpot ou it. becauſe he letteth it fall himſelfe, then they go home againe, the womans fare being on, 
couered. The bopes in the Mreets cry out and make a nopce in the meane tune, with verp diho 
neſt woꝛds. 

Ahen they tome home, the wife is fet at the vpper end of the table, and the huſband nen um 
her ꝛthey fall then to dinking till they be all wunke, they perchance haue a minſtrell op two, ud 
two naled men, whiche leo her from the churche, dance naked a long time before all the 
ny. Ihen they are weary of winking, the pide and the bꝛidegrome get tiem to bed, forizisin 
the euening alwapes when any of them are marryed: and when they are going to bed, the bynes 
grome putteth certcine money both golde and ſiluer, ik he haue it, into one of his boots, id then fe, 
teth Downe in the chamber, crolling his legges. and then the bide mutt plucke olf one of bis ban, 
pobich the will. and if the happen on the boot wherein the money is, the hath not onely the monp in 
her Labor, but is alfo at ſuch chopce, as ſhe need not euer from that dap foopth to pull of bis bott, 
but if the mille the boot wherein the moup is, he dor h not onely loofe the mony, but is alfobouns 
from that day forwards ta pull off his boots continually, 

Then they continue in dyinhing and mating good cheere ther bapes ſollowing, being accom 
panped with cercaine of their friends and during che ſame ther dapes he is called a dul and thea 
butches, alt hougb tbey be very poope perfons, and this is as much as J haue learned of then mo 
trimony: but one common rule is them, if the woman be not beaten with che whip acta 
wecke, fhe will not be goad, and chcrefore they looke for it oꝛderly, and the women fap, thatif ihn 
hul bands did not beat them they Mould not lowe them. 

Chey vle to marry there very yoong, hep; tonnes at : 6 and 18 yeeres olde, and the daughters 
at 12.0} 13 peeres oF poonger : they vie to heepe wives very cloſelp, J meane thoſe thet be 
of any reputation, fo that a man hall not fee one of but et a chance, when fhe gveth co church 
at Ciniſimas o at Caſter on els going to vilit fome of ber friends, 

The moſt part of the women vfe to ride a ſtride in laddles with ſtyꝛt ups, as men do, andfome 
of them on feds, which in ſummer is not commendable, 

The huſband is bound to finde the wife coulers to paint her withall, ſoꝛ they vſe oydinarilpto 
paint themſelues : it is ſuth a common pꝛactiſe among them, that it is counted for no fame: they 
greaſe their faces with ſuch couler s, that a m an may diſterne chem hanging on the yz faces almott 
a flight (hoot off : J tan not fo well liken them as to a millers wife, ſo they looke as thoughthey 
were beaten about the face with a bag ol meale. but they eye bꝛowes they couler as blacke asieat, 

Che belt property that the women haue, is that they can Come well and imlnoder with filkeans 


golde txcellently. 
Of their Buriall. 


Hen any man oꝛ woman dyeth. they Mreech him out, and put a new pare of thoseson 
vis feet, becauſe he bath a great tourney to goe : then do they winde him in a ſhett. a we 
do. but they forget not to put a teſttmony in his rigbt hand, which the priett giurth hin 
“co cettifle onto D. Nacholꝰ a that he dyed a Chhiſtian man op woman , And they pur the 
toarſe al wayes in a coffin of wood, although the partie be very pooze: and when they gu towards 
the church, the friends and kinſemen of the party dexarted carry in theyz hands {mall warecandies, 
and they weepe and hole, and make — tur 


Berozeuites, which 
thee months of the 
hey tumot haue it. 


The voyage 
Moſco i 


one leagur beyondt 


Wwe paſled hy a cattle 
tullle called Caſſim 
ol the wor 

on our left 
keagues where wet 


ul band ne um 
— 
ne all the conn 
ito bed, forizisin 
to bed, the bynes 
OOS, and then fi, 
F one of bis ban, 
nely che mony in 
pull ol bis boas, 
but is allo boum 


g. being accom 
da duke and thea 
prned of then ma 
th che whip once a 

Map, thatiſthen 


and the daughters 
eane thoſe thet be 
goeth co church 


do, and{ome 


v bie opdinarilpte 
02 no ſhame: they 
the yn faces almoft 
ke ag though they 
as blacke asicat, 
der with filke and 


f — . * 0 1 . 0 
II. Auth. Ientinſon. of the Engliſh nation. 347 
— . ]³ 1 . AN geal 


— = 


hanged on beheaded o (uch like. haut no teſtimony with them: how they are receie 
is a wonder, without their paſpoꝛt. 
Chere are a grtat uliber of poope people among them which die naily fop lacke ol ſuſtenance, 
phish is a pitifull cafe to be holde : for there bath beene buried in a ſmall time, within theſe two 
do perſons poong and olde, which ho ue dyed ourly fon lacke ol lullenante: lc; if they 
ſuaw and water tough, they would make thift to liue: fora great many are forced in the 
dan co dy ar aw and ſtampe it, and to make bead thereof, on at che least ther cat it in Mead of u bad made 
dm. Inthe flamer they make good hit with grace, herbs, aud roots + barks of trees is good of iw. 
num wah them at all times. Chert is no people in the woꝛld, as I ſuppoſe, that liue fo miſerably 8 
stot in thofe parts : and che mot part ol them that haue (ufficient fop the mitlues, and fuente ot toe 
nnd relieue others that nerd, art fo vumertifull that they care not how manp they fee die of fa 1 
hungtt in the ftreets, 
ane full of vifeates , diuers, and euill, and the bei remedy is fo any of them, as sroours op 
be line opinion, to go often onto the bot houfes , ag in a mauer cucrp man hath one ol his one, batho viuait 
which be heateth commonly twilt cuery tweeke, and allche bouſdolde lweat, and wath chemfelues kee. “ 
teri, : 


The names of certaine fortes of drinkes vfed in 
Rufsia, and commonly drunke in the 


Emperours Court. 


te ſirſt and principal meade is made of the iuvee op liccoꝛ taken from a berry tal · &. ponted bp 
led in NRuſſia, Malieno, which is of a maruellous ſwect taſte, andof a carmoſant Tho. Bu. 
couler, which berrp J haue ſeene in Paris. 
The fecond meade is called Viſnoua, becaufe it is made of a berry ſo called, 
7 like a blacke goole berrp : but it is like in couler and taſte to the red wine 
tante. 
cher mende is called Amarodina, c Smorodina, (hoyt, of a ſmall berry much like to the 
{nail reson, and groweth in great plenty in Nuſſia. 
Che fourth meade is called Chereunikyna, which is made of the wilde blacke cherry. 
Ce fift meade is made ol ony and water. with other mixtures. 
Chere is alſo a delicate dine dawne from the root of the Byꝛch tree, called in the Nuſſe toong 
Berozeuites, wbich dꝛinke che noble men and others vſe in April, May, and June, which are the 
— — the fring time : lz after chofe monechs, the ſappe of the tree dypeth, and then 
carmot haue tt. 


The voyage of M. Anthony Ienkinfon, made from the citie of 
Mofco in Ru/Sia,to the citie of Boghar in Bactria, in the yere 
1558: written by himfelfe to the Merchants of London 
of the Mofcouie companie. 


De 2; dav of Apnll, in the peere 1558 (hauing obteined the Emperour of Rub 

fiahis letters, directed vnto ſundzy kings and princes, by whofe domintons 4] 

fhoulo paſſe) I departed from Moſco by water, hauing with me two of pour ſer⸗ 

uants namely, Richard Johnſon and Robert Johnſon, and a Cartar Tolmach, 

with diue rs partels of warts, as by the inuento ; appeareth: and the 28 day we 

came to a towne calle Collon, diſtant from the Moſco 20 leagues, paſſing 

one league beyond the faid Collom, we came vnta a niuer called Occa, into the which the riucr 
Holt lalleth. and lanſeth his name: and palling vowne the laid riuer Oc ca 8 leagues, we came 
bute a cattle called Terreuettiako, which we left vpon our rig ht hand. and pꝛoceeding for ward the 
ftrondvap of May ur came nto another caftle called Peroflauc, diſtaut 8 leagues,leauing it alſo 
n ar rigit hand. Chethird day wecame unte the place where Olde Rezan was ſituatr, being 
m moſt of it ruined and wen, and diſtant from the ſaid Peroflaue 6 leagues sthe 4 day 
vr paſed by a caſſie called Terecouia,feomRezan 1 2 leagues, and the 6 day we came to another 
talled Caſſim, under the coucrnment ofa Tartar inte named c goline, fometime 

ol the worthy citie of Ca⸗ an nd nam ſubiett unto the Empero o/ Kula. But lcauing 

on our left hand, the 8 vay we tame vate a fame taume called Morom, from Caflim 20 

we tooke the fonne,and found the latitude 5 6 degrees: and proceeding forward che 
ri bay 


348 The voyages and diſcoueries AA. Mb. Fenkinjon 


11 dap, we tame vnto another fappe towne and caſtle called Nyſe Nouogrod, fituaten at the fal 
ling of the wyeſald tiuer Occa into the wooꝛthy riucrof Volga, diſtant trom the ſam M ton 15 
leagues, in the latitude of 36 degrees 18 minuts. From Rex an to this Nyſe Nouogrodon both 
oes the laid riuer of Oc ca, is raifen the greatr® Mone of ware and bhonp in all che landofliuſſa 
Clie carrped at the fopefapo Nyſe Nouogrod vntill the 1 9 day fm the comming of a capeaine hr 
was {ene bp the Emperour co cule at Aftracan, tho bemg arrived, and hauing the number of 
500 great boates vnder bis conduct, fome laden tuith victualles, fouldiers, and munitton: ue 
ther ſome with merchandtpe. Departed al the (aid 19 day from the ſaid Nyſe Nou 

and the 22 we came vnto a caſtle called Vaſiſiagorod diſtant 25 leagues, which we leſt von em 
right band. Chis to wne op cattle bad his name of this Emperours father, who was called Va. 
ſilſus and gorod in the Ruile tongue. in as much to fap as a cattle, ſu that V aſiliagorod wtofap 
Vaſilius calit: and it was the furtheſt place that the ſayd mpero conquered from the Tartarres, 
But this pefent Cmperour bis fonne, called Iuan Vaſili wich, hath had great good ſutceiſe in hig 
wurres, both againſt che Chuſtians and alſo the Mabonmtiſts and Geneils,but efpectattp againg 
the Tartarres, inlarging bis Empype euen to the Cafpian fea, hauing conquered the famoug i, 
uer of Volga, with all the countrpes thertabout adiacent. Thus proceeding on our fourner the 25 
day of Map aſcheſaid, we came to another caftie called Sabou ſhare, which welett on our righy 
hand, diſtant krom Vaſiliagorod 16 leagues. The country heerabcut is called Mardouits andthe 
habitantes did pyofeſſe the law of the Gentils : but now being conquered bp this Cmperour of 
Ruſſia, moſt of them are Chnillened, but lit in the woods and wilder neſſe, without cotwne ah 
bitation. 

Che 27 day we paſſed by another taſtle called dw yas ko, diſlant from Shabow ſhare afoyefaiy 
25 leagues: we left it on our right hand, and the 29 came vnto an Illand one league from the ate 
of Ca: an, ſtom which falleth downe a riuer called Cazanka reca, & entreth into the oe ſad Vol. 
ga. Caran is a fapꝛe towne, after the Rufle op Cartar Fallon, with a ſtrong cattle, ſtuuted bpon 
ahigh bill and was walled round about with timber and earth, but now the Cmperour of Ruſſa 
hath giuen oꝛder to plucke do une the olde walle s. and to build them againe of free ftone , It hach 
bene a city of great wealth and riches, and being ni the hands of the Carcarres, it was a kingdom 
or it lelfe, and did move vere the Rulits in their wartes, then any other nation: but 9 peeresput, 
¢his Emperour of Ruſſia conquered it, and tooke the king captiue, who being but poong istoty 
baptifed and bꝛougbt vp in his court with two other princes, which were alfo kings of the fain C 
ran, and being ech ol them in time ol their raignes in danger ol their fubtect s though ciud vifcop, 
tame and tendꝛedthemſelues at ſeuerall times bute che ſaid Emperop, ſo that at this prefene there 
are tigee princes in the tourt of Ruſſia, tubich had beene Emperours of the ſaid Caan, whom the 
Emperour vſeth with great honoꝛ. 

Me remained a Caran till the 13 day of June, and then departed from thente: and the fame 
day paſſed by an Fflanp called the Iſland of merchants, betauſe it was woont to be a place where 
all merchants, as well Ruffles and Caxanits, as Nagapans and Crymmes, and diuers other m 
tions did refore tu Acepe mart for buping and ſelling, but no w it is forfaken, and ſtandeth withou 


amp ſuch refore thither, 0) at Car an, oꝭ at any plate about it, from Mofco vnto Mare Caſpium. 


Thus pꝛocte ding forward the 14 day, we paſſed by a goodly tiuer called Cama, which ue lis 
on our left hand. This riuer ſalleth out of the countrepof Perania into the riuer of Volga, dig 
from Cazan 15 leagues. and the countrey lying betwirt the ſaid Caꝛ an and the ſaid riuer Ca- 
ma onthe left hand of Volga is called Vachen, and the inhabitantes be Oentils. and liue in the 
wilderneſſe without houſe oz habitation: and the countrey on the other five of Volga ouer againt 
the fain riuer Cama is called the land ol Cheremies, halfe Gentils, halle Tartarres, and all the 
land on the left hand of the ſaid Volga from the ſaid riuer bt Aſtrac an, and ſo following the 
Howth and Moytheaſt five of the Cafpian fea, to a land of the Tartarres called Turkemen, is a 
led the countrey of Mangat oꝛ Nagay, whofe inhabitantes are of the law of Mahomct, and wert 
all deſtruved in the peere 15 58, at my being at Aſtracan, cough ciuill warres among them, x6 
companped wit h famine, peftilence, and ſuch plaques, in ſuch fore, that in the ĩayd peeve there was 
conſumed ot che people. in ane ſon and another, aboue one hun = thouſand: the like plagve toad 
neuer frene in thole parts, fo chat the ſajd tountrey of N / ay being a countrey of great palturt, u 
maineth now vnrepleniſhed to the creat contentation o che Ruſſes, who haue had cructt was 
long time tugether. 

The Macavans when (hey lopither, lies in this maner: they were diuided into biue rs me 
nies called Hoꝛds. and euery Hod had a ruler, whom they g beyed as their king, and was call 
4 Hurſe, Coe 0; houſt bey had none, but lined in the open ſieldes, mm pune 


ſituat ed at 
he fare / —— 


ur iourney the: 
we Left on our righ. 
ardouits andthe 
this Cmperour of 
bout cotune op ha: 


ow fhare afopefaip 
ague From the ati 
othe forefaid Vol. 
attle, ſituated vpon 
mperour of Ruſſa 
free ftone , It beth 
it was ahingdome 
but 9 peerts pid, 
g but poong is cow 
ings of the fain C2. 
nough ciui difcoy, 
t this prefene then 
Cazan, whom the 


hence: and the fame 
to be a place uhr 
and diuers other na: 
ud ſtandeth withou 
0 Mare Cafpium, 
ama, tabich te let 
er ok Volga, apis 
the fain river C. 
tila, and liue in the 
olga oueragaint 

l 8, and all the 
d ſo following the 
Turkemen, is ul 
hahomct, and were 


I. Antb. Feu inſon. of the Englifh nation. 349 
parsing bis 190905 0} people about him, with their deues, chilvpen and cattell, who hauing confus Bods. 


adh ven in ont place, temooued vnto mother: and when they remooue they haue houſes 
Aurum im open bagvm un carts, which ate dawen from place to plate with camels, and therin 
eme sieiopen, and all chep? riches, which u verp little is caricd about, and tutry man hath 
ite leatt wurr 0) fine wiues belides concubines, Ulle of money they haue none, but doe barter 
aum camel in apparelland other neteſſaties. Thep delight in no arte nop ſriencr, except the 
artes, wbertin they are krpert, but forthe moſt part they be paſturing people, and haue great 
sys ofcattell, which ta allcber riches. They eate much fleth, and tſpecially the hopfe, and they 
niir mares mi, wherewith they be oftentinies mute ithey aue feditious and inclined to 
theft amutber. Come they ſowe not, neither doe cate any Mead, mocking the Chpittians ſoꝛ 
lame, u diſabling our ſerengtha, ſaping we liue by cating the toppe of a weede, and dzinhe 
ange mave of the lune, allo weng they: great deuouring of lel), and dꝛinkung of mille to be the 
gareate of they Arength, But nom co proceed fon ward to my iourney. 

Qiitbecouncrep vpon our right hand thetiuet Volga, from ouer againſt the riuer Cama vnto 
the nene of Aſtracan, is the land ei Crimme, whole inhabitantes be alſo of the la m of Maho- 
met, md lie fop che mot part accopding to che fallnons of the Nagapes, hauing continuall wars 
with he Emperour of Ruffia, and are baliant in the field, hauing countenance, and ſuppoꝛt from 


Curke, 

1 of June we pafltd by certaine fithermens houſts called Peto w ſe twentie leagues 
ſum cheriner Cama, where is great fiſping for ſturgion, and fo continuing our way vntill the 
sadap, and palling by another great riuer called Samar, which falleth out of the afopefapd toun · 
trep, ind runneth though Na gay, and entreth into the ſapd riuer of Volga. The 28 day we 
und und a great hill. where was in times pat a tallle made by the Crimmes, but now it is rui⸗ 
wed, being iuſt midway betwerne the ſayd Cazan and Aſtrachan, whichis 200 leagues 07 
therabout, in the latitude of 51 degrees 47 nunuts. Upon all this {oye groweth abundance of 
linpith, whole root runneth wirhin che ground like a vine. 

Thus going forward the lit day of Julie we came to a plate called Perouolog, ſu names bes 
nut in times paſt che Tartarres tartyed their boates from Volga luito the riuer Tanais, others 
nletilled Don, by land, luhen they would robbe ſuch as paſſed downe the ſayd Volpa to Aſtra- 
can, anvalfoluch as palſed do mne bythe river Tanais, to Afophe, Caffa, qi any other towne fi 
tasted ypon Mare Euxinurn, into which fea Tanais falleth, who bath his ſpꝛinges in the toun⸗ 
wepofReran, out of a plaine ground. It is at chis ſtreight of Perouolog from the one riuet to 
the other two leagues by land, anv is a dangerous place for theeues and robbets, but now it is not 
fo twill ag it hath derne, by reafon of the Emperour of Ruſſia his conquetts, 

from Perouolog, hauing the wilderneſſe on both fives, we ſaw a great heard of 

— wonton is aboueſayd, by eftimation aboue a thouſand cammiels mawing of carts 

boon them like tentes, of a trange fathion, ſee ming to be a karre offa towne: that 

twas belonging to a great Mute called Smile, the creacet pyinte in all Nagay, who bath 

and dyiuen away all che rei, not (paring his otwne Hꝛethꝛen and thildꝛen, and hauing peace 

web this E perour of Ruſſia he hath what he needeth, and rulerh atone, fo that nowthe Rules 
bat in pace with the Na pay ans, who were woont to haue moxtell warres tog ether. 

Che 14 day ot Ju v palling by an olde caſtle, which was Olde Aſtrac an, and leauing it vpon 
tur tige band, we arrived at New Aſtracan, which this Emperour of Ruſſia conqueren fire 
petees pall, in the peeve 15 5 2. It is from the Moſcounto Aſtracan ſixe hundzeth lengues, o 
there about, Che cowne of Aſtrac an is fituated in an Iſland vpon a hill five, bauing a caſtle 
teithinche fame, walled about with eatth and timber, neither fappe nop ſtrong, the to wit ts alſo 


hulled about with earth : che builoinges and houſts (except it be the captaines lodging, anv cet 


teine other genclemens) moſt baſe and Ginple. Che Jſlund is molt deſntute and barren of wood 
tid patture, and the ground hl be are no cr: f che ape is there nioſt inletted, by reafon (ag A 
l poſe) of much Gthe, anv {pecially Quegivi, by wh h onelythe inbabitantes line, hauing grrat 
ftarficie of fet and bread, They hang vp their Mh in they ſtrerteg and houſes to y Apr. 
tion, which tauſeth ſuch abundente of fipesto intreaſe there, as che lche was neuer ſerne in any 
bnd, to their great plaque , And at my being ar the ſayd Aſlracan, there was a great famine and 
Pagur among the penpie, and fpecialip amotig the Cartarres called Nagayans, who the fame 
tine teme thither in great members to tender themfelues to the Rules heit enemies d to feeke 


lcd at their hanes, cheircounerey betng vettroved, as J lav before: but thep were but fl inter. 


thitedt; celicued , forthere vyen a great number of them fop hunger, which lay all the Mande 
though in beapes bead, ans ithe ta be aſtes, but yen, very pittifull to beholde: mary of them 
wert 


— 


| SS — — 
330 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries M. Anth.lenkinfon, 
here allo lolde bp che Ruiles, and che reſt were lanubed rum the Alland. At tbattime i ad dent 


ö 
N 
i | 
| 
| 
| 
{ 


an cafle thing to baue conuertedthat wicked Nation to the Chiftian faith, if che Rules tim 
Clues bad beene good Chuan: but hom (houls they ſbew tompaſſion bute other Parions, wum 
cher are uot mertinull bute their oume. At my being there A could haue baugbt many goedty Cap 
tars childen, if I would haue had athoufande, of their omi fathers and mothers, to uy, iy 
6} a wench fop a loafe of head moꝛth ſixe pence in England, but we bad moge need of victualleaa 
chat time chen ol anp ſuch nurchandsse . This Allracan is the futbeſt ho be that ibis Enmmm 
of Ruflia hath conquered of the Tattars tomardes the Caſpian Ga, which bee beryech very 
S vurtuallen, and tanber to bullde the 


There is acertaine ttade of merchandise there bfed, but as pet fo ſmall and beg grip, thus 
is not tuoonth the making mension, and pet there come merthantes thit bet from diner places, 
The chiefet commodities that the Rufles bing thither are revve hiden, redde theepe fhinnes, 
woodden veſſels, Liles, aud addies, kniues, and other triſten, with come, bacon, and eth 
dicualles. Che Carcars ming chicher divers kindes of wares made of cotten wooll, tithe. 
urrs kindes of wrought filkes : and they that come out of Perfia,namelp from Shamaclie do bag 
ſowing Gtke, whichis the courfett that they vfe in Ruſſeland, Crafko, diuers kuudeꝝ of pide fitkes 
fo) girdles Marts ol male, bow, woods, and ſuch like things: and ſome peereg comt and wal 
nuts, but all ſuch chinges in ſuch ſmall quantuit. the merthantes be ing fo beg gerly and pone 
that bring che fame, that it is not weolththe wycing, neither is there any hope of trade in all the 
parts . — 

Chis ſoeſaid Iſland of Aſtracan is in length twe lue leagues and in byedth three and litth Cel 
and C Ulelſ in the latitude of ſqtie ſeuen degrees nine minuts: we tarryed there vntill the im tap 
of Auguſt, and hauing bought and pꝛouided a boate in companpe with tertaine Tanum an 

we laded our goods, and imbarkeD our ſelues, andthe fame day departed J, twieh te 
ſaidtwo Fohnfons hauing the whole charge of the auigatton dowue che (aid river Volga, by 
ing very crooked, and full of flats toward the mouth thereof, Ute entrev into the Cafpian la ihe 
truth Dap of Auguét at the Eaſteriy five of che ſaid riuer, being twentie leagues from Aftracane 
the latitude of ſoxie ſie degrees twentie ſeuen minute, 

Volga bath ſeurntie mouthen 07 alles into the ſea: aud we bhauing a lurge winde, lem the 
Prayeheat ſhaatt, and the eltuenth day we failed ſtuen lenguen E aſtnontheaſt, and tame vntom 
Iſland hauing an high bill therein, called Accurgar, a good marke in the fea, Fromthenet ee 
tun leagues, we fell with another J ſland called Bawhyaca, much higher then the other. Ain 
thefe two Illands to the Nenthwards, uu great bay called the Blew fea. From thence we ly 
tomer nt a Sent fn etme Seo 

m and fort 0 » bauing a great at 5 
mol contrarpy winde, tobich we ride aut. Shen the winde came to the North, and we eyed 
and (ct our courſe Southeaſl, and that day ſapled eighe leagues. 

Chus proceeding fopmards, the feuenteenth day we loft fighe of land, and the fame day lab 
led thirtie leagues, and the eigbttenth day tinente leagues winding Eat, and fell wich alae 
called Baughleata, being feuntic foure leagues from the mouth of the fopefayd Volga, in the 
‘atuaune of forte lige degrees fiftie foure minuets, the toaſt lying neereſt Eat and by Mouth, n 
Mett and by oh, Atthe poynt of this land lyeth burytd a holpe Myopbet, as the Cates 
tall him, ol they lawe, where great deuotion is ved ol all ſuch Mahometiſten as dot palle that 


wape. 
Whe nineceench day the winde being eld, and we winding Eaſtſoutheaſt, we failed tant 

Leagues, and paſſtd by a great tiuer called Vale, which bach bis (pring in the lande of Si 
nigb onto che ſoyeſapd riuer Cama, and runneth thhougb tbe land of Nagay, falling ie 
Mare Caſpium. And vp this riucr one dapes tourney is a totune called Serachicke, fables 
tothe afopefapd Tartar prince talled Murſe Smille, which is now in friendihtyye uth the Cayo 
tour af Ruſſia. Deere is ne trade of merchandise vſed, ſ that ty people haue wo vfe of maiey, 
and are all men of warte, and patturers of cattell, and giuen much to thelt and murther. Cu 
rr this river Vale. anv all our men being on lande, fauing J, who laye 
fore liche, and flue Tartars, whereof one was reputed a holy man , betauſe hee came ftom 
Mecka, there tame vito bs à boate with thirtie men well armed and appepnted, tuo boo 
bg, and beganne ta encer ino our barke, and our holy Tartur callev Au y, petteiuing chat, ain 
them tuhat they umuld haue, aud mit hall made a paper: with that theſt rouers Mayed, declaring 
that thep were Gentlemen, baniſte d from they) countrep, and out of limmg, and cane 7 


apotcalled Mangofla 

the Cafpian ſea is 12. 

lunſud lo me, were d 
very lor 


Chis Soltan liued 


MieAnth.Fenkinfon. of the Englith nation. 


pene wert auy Ruſſes oy other Chri@ians( which ehey call Caphats) in our batke to whom this 


Azie nolt dvutiy anſwered, that there were none, auowing the fame by great othes of their lawe, 

lightly they will not byeake ) whom the rouers be lerued, and vpon bis woꝛdes departed, 
— 4 — the fivelitie of that Tarcar, I with all my compauie and goods were faued, and 
amen being come on boopde, and the winde faire, wee departed from that place, and winding 
enn Dourheatt chat oay being the ſecond of Augult failed 1 6.leagues, 

Che 2.dap wee —＋ a bay of 6, leagues byoade, and fell with a Cape of land, hauiug 
um at the l part thereof, being a good marke in the ſea: and doubling that Cape 
geln trended Nofthealt, and makery another bap, into which lalleth the great riuer em ſpzin 

gut ol the land of Colmac ke. 
22.23. and 24. dapes, we were at an ancre. 

Che 25. che winde came faire. and we failed that dap 20. leagues, and paſſed by an Illand ol 
un land and there about are man y flats and ſands:and to the NRoythward ol this Alland there go⸗ 
cha a great bap, but wee let off from this Band, and minded Mouth to come into derpe mater, 
being much troublev with ſhoalds and flats, and ranne that tourſe 10 leagues, then Eat Mouth» 
tat ꝛ0. leagues, and fel with the maine land, being full of copped hils, and paſling along the coat 
10. leagues the further we ſailed, che higher was the land. 

Whe 27.dap we croſſed ouer a bay, the Southſhoare being the higher land, and fell with a high 
point of landund being ouerthwart the Cape tbere role ſuch a doꝛme at the E all hat we thougle 
petily we Mould haue periſhed: this forme continued 3. dapes. From this Cape we paſſeũ to 
apotcalled Mangoflaue, The place where wee ſbould haue atriued at the Southermott part of 
the Caſpi in ſea. is 12. leagues within a bap:but wee being (ope tormented, and toſſed with this 
folate Qoyme, were dꝛiuen vuto another land on the other lde the bay, ouerthwart the ſaid Man- 
gollaue being very lowe land, and a place as weil for the ill tommoditie of the hauen, as of thole 
unde lde people where neuer barke nop boate h : cfope arriued, not liked ot vs. 

But pet here we ſent certame of our men to lande io tale with the gouernour and people, as 
ulli our good vſage at their handes, as alſo fon prouifion of camels to carrp our goods from 
the lade (ca fide to a place called Sellyzurt, being from the place of our landing fine and twen · 
ii duytz iourney. Our meſſengers returned with comforcable woꝛden and faire pꝛomiſes of all 


yng, 
Wherefore the 3. day of September 1558. wer bifcharged our barke, and J with my compa 
wie were gently intercatned of the Punce, and of his people, But before our d from 
thence, wee founde them to bee very badde and byutiſh people, for they ceafed not dayly to mas 
las eicher by lighting, Realing 07 begging, rayling the ppife of hoyle and camels, and victuals 
male, chat the wont was there to bee, and forced bs to buy the water that wee did Drinkes which 
tat ba cobatten away, and to conclude with them as well oz the bier of camels, as fop the 
I ſuch as wee bougbt, with other pyoniſton, accopoing to their owne demaunde: Wo that 
veamels lading being but 400, waight of ours, wee agreed to giue three hides of Ruſſia, 
neut wodden diſhe s, and to the {ince of gouernour of the ſaide people one ninth aud two 
ne, Numely, o ſruerall things. and twule 7. ſeuerall things: for money they vſe none, 
Aus chus being readie, the fouretcenth of September wee departed from that place, being a 
n Of loo. camels, And hauing trauailed flue dayes icurnep, wee tame to another Pun⸗ 
tesDominion, and vpon the way there came vnto vs certaine Tartars a honſebacke, being well 
ned, end ſeruant s ito the ſaid unte called Timor Soltan, gouernour of the fais Countre y of 
ue where we ment to haue arriued and diſcharged our barke ifthe great ſtoꝛme afope- 
lad bad not diſapyointed. C hele forefain Tarrars Raped out Carauan in the name of their ppiuce, 
mPopened our wares . and tooke ſuch things as they thought belt fop their {aio prince without moe 
nev but len ſuch things as they tooke from me, which was a ninth, (after much diflenfion) J ridde 
batothe fame yince, and prefented my felfe before him,requetting his fauour and palport to tras 
wile through bis counerep and not to be robber nop ſpoilex of his people: wbic h requeſt be grauns 
tome. and intertained me very cently, commanding mee to be well feaſted with ſleſh and mares 
mnilhe : fo) bread they bſe none · n other dine except water: but money he had none to giue mee 
finfuch things as hee tooke of mee, which might bee of value in Ruſſe money, fifteenerubbles, 
but bee gaue mee his letter, and a borfe worth ſeuen rubbles, And ſo J departed from him 
glad that J was gone: for hee was reported co bee a very tyrant, and if J had not 
Nr vnto bim. A vnderſtoode his commaundement was, that J ſbould haue bene robbed and 


Chis Soltan liven in the Gelves wuthout Caitle 8 * and fate at my being with him. 
i 


352 The voyages and diſcoueries A. Anth.lenkinfon, 


tna Lie rounve boule made of reden coucted without with felt, and wichin with Carpers, Tin 
was watt) bim the great Petropolitan of chat wilde Countrep, ¢Reemed of the people, as then 
hop of Rome ig in moſt parts of Europe, with Divers ocher of bis chiefe men: the Soltan pgs 
this Petropolitan demanded of me many queſtions, as wel out kingdoms, lates, ax 
FFP der pretence, Cohn 
J anfwered contctuing all thing s. as vnto me ſeemed beſt, which p Cooke in good parr, de be 
wing leane J departed and oucrtooke our Carauan, and proceeded on out ournep , and ttunin 
20,dapes iu the bulpernes from the {ea five without ſering tome o babe arping pan 
of victuals with vs fop che fame time, and were dniuen by neceſſitie to eate one ol my canis an 
a hodſe fop our patt. as other did the like, and during the laid 20,dapes tot found uo water, h ini 
as we dit we out of olde Decpe wells, being very bꝛackiſb and fale, and pet Cometimes pati 
on cnee dayes wubout the fame, And che 5. day of October enſuing, we came vuto a guipheofte 
Cafpian (ca agatne, whert wee ſounde the water very freſhand ſweete : at this gulpbe the <p 
mers of the king of I urkeman met vs, who toohe cuftome of euery 2. aue, and 7. uinthts fich 
{ape king and his Lretinen, which being teteiued they deperted and we remained thert a day 
ter co tefteſi our ſelues. 

Note that in times paſt there vid fal into this gulle p great riuer Oxus,twbich bath bis fppings 
in the mountaines of Paraponifus in India, aud nom commeth not ſo farce, but falleth into anager 
uner called Ardoc ke, which runneth to warde the Nozth. and tonſumeth himſelle in the groum, 
3 1000, miles, and then ilſueth out againe and falleth into the late 
Kithay, 

e hauing refrethen our ſelues at che forefaive gulle, departed thence the of Deteber, 
and the 7, day artiutd at a Calle called Sellizure, where the king (called 9 
with 3. other of his brethren, and the 9. day I was commaunded to come before bis pretences 
whome J deltuered the Emperours letters of Ruſtia: and alſo gave him a pretent of a nine, 
who entcreaincd me very well, and tauſed mee to eat in his prelence as bis byethen did, frafting 
me with fict of a wilde hoꝛſe, and mares milke without byead. Aud the next day ſent fr mere 
gaine, and aſ kev of me diners queſtions as well touching the affaires of the E mpttout ol Rufla, 
as ot out Counttey and la wen, to which I auſwered as A thought good: fo that at my denum 
be gaut me his letters of ſafe conduct. 

This Cattle ol Sell ure is ficuates vpon an high bill, where che king called che Can lh 
whofe palace is built of earth very some not rong :the people are but poore, anv lurk 
trade of marchandefe among them. The Douch part of this Calle is lowe lande, but very un 
full, where growe many good fruites, among which is one called a Dynie ofa great 
neffe and full of mopQure, which the people dot cate after meate in Reade of dpinke, Alſochm 
growes another fruite called a Carbuſe of the bhigneſſe of a great cucumber, yellow and {ieertt 
as fagar: alſo a cettaine coꝛne called legur, whoſe Ralkeis much like a lugar cane, and ashigh, 
and the graine like rice, which gro weth at the coppe of the cane like a clutter of grapes ; che n 
ter that all that Countrey is ma wen by diches out of the riuer Oxus, vnto the grea 
ſcruction of the (ato riuer,for which caufe it falleth not into the Caſpian fea as it hath done int 
paft and in ſbont time all that lande is like to be deſtroped, and to become a wildernes ſ want of 
water. when the riutr of Oxus ſhall faile. 

The 14. day of the moneth we departed from this Calle of Sellizure, aundthe 16. ol the fame 
we arrined at a citie called Vigenfe, where we payde cuBome as well fop our ome beads asin 
our tame li andborfe, And hauing chere ſoiourne d one moncth, attending the time of our fur 
trauaile , the king of that Countrep called Aly Soltan, hiocher to the foxenamed Arym C, 
returned from a towue called Coroꝛ an within the bender of Perſia, which bee lately hat n 
queredfrom the Perfians, with tohome hee and the teſt of the kings of Tartaria haut continual 
warres, Before this king alſo N was commaunted to come, to whome J lie wile pycſenttd ch 
Emperours lettets of Rutha, and he intertained me well, and demaunded of me divers quettions, 
and at mp Departure gaut me his letters of ſafe conduct. 

This Cutie op toume ut Vrgence ſtandeth in a plaine ground, with walles of earth. by tl 
tion 4. miles about it. The buildings within it are alfo of earth, but ruined and out of good aden 
it hath one long ſireete that is couered aboue, which is the place of their market. It hachbem 
wonne and loft . times within 7, peeres by tiuill warres, hy meanes whereof there att but fret 
marchants in it, and they very poore and in all that towne I cuuld noc ſell aboue 4. carſtis. Che 
chiefett commonities there ſolbe, are fuch wares as come from Boghar, and out of Perf, buts 
ang frnall quanciic uot moze) che mting . All de land from the Cal pun fea co cis Cuche 

8 U 


Carauatis of Mar 
pickedlife, vntill ſu 
gut. From the (. 
the ſud lea, the peopl 
art to another in g 
holes, and ſheepe bo 
wapiug 60.0 80, po 
times kill with their 

Che haukes are li 
cluts and fore beatii 


hunt before declared. 

Che 7. ot Oecemi 
duamet Soltan, who 
art ol his Mother th 
who willed vs to mal 


this Citic of Vr. 


Aub. lenkinjon. of the Engliſn nation. 


gence, id called the lande of Turkeman, and is fubiect to the ſaide Azim Can, and his thethpen 
which be z. in nomber, and one ol them act the name of the chieft king called Can, but he is litle 
wiped fauing in his owne Donunion, and where bee dwelleth: fo tuerp one will be king of bis 
sont portion, and one brothct feekech al wayes to deſtroy another hauing no natural loue among 

afon that they are begdtten of diuers women, and commonly they are the childzen of 
dus tber Chritians o? Gentiles, which che father doeth keepe as concubines, and euerp Can 
Sultan, bach at the teatt 4.0} 5 wires, be ſides pong maydens and boyes, liuing molt viciouflp: 
am hen there are warres bet wirt chefe byethꝛen, (as they are ſeldome without) bee that is auer 
ume ir hee be not ſlaine, fliech to the fielve with ſuch companie of men as will followe him, and 
dier lutth in the wilder neſſe reſoꝛting to watering plates, and fo tobbeth and fpopleth as mae 
Cu; of Harchants and others as they be able to oucecome, continuing in this fore his 
pickedlife, vntill ſuch time as hee may get power and ayde to inuade ſome of his brethren ae 
guine, Ftomthe Calpian fea vntothe Cattle of Sellizure afopefaid,and all the Countreis about 
the faid lea the people liue without towne oꝛ habitation in the wilde fielves, remoouing from one 
t tu another in great companies with their rattle, whereot they haue great ſtoze, as came ls. 
les, and ſheepe both tame and uulde. Their ſheepe are ol great ſtature with great buttocke s, 
waping 60,02 80, pound in wailght. There are many wilde horfes, which the Tartars dot many 
tums kill with their hankes,and that in this oder. 

Che haukes are lured to ſeaſe vpon the beaſtes neckes oz heads, which with chafing ol chert. 
flues and fore beating of the haukes are tired: then the hunter folowing his game, doeth flap the 
hae with his arro we op ſwoꝛd. In all this lande there groweth no graſſe, but a cereaine byuthop 
heath wher-on the cattell feeding, become very fat. 

Che Tarcars neuer ride without their dame. arromes, and ſwond, although it be on hauking, oꝛ 
a anyother pleaſure, and they are good archers both on hoꝛſebacke, and on ſoote alſo. Theſe peo 
ledaut not the vſe of golde, filuer, any other copne, but when they lacke ayparell o other nes 
eeflaries, they barter their catte ll for che fame. Bread they haue none. ſoꝛ they neither till nop ſo w. 
thepbe great de uanuxers of fleſn. which they cut in ſmall pieces, and eate it by handfuls moſt gree. 
ul x elpetially te horfefleth, Their chiefell dꝛnke is mares milke ſo ned. as J haue ſaid before 
athe Nagayans andthey wilbe dꝛunke with the ſame: they haue no rivers nop places of water in 
das counttey, vntil vou come to the foeſaid gulfe, diſtant from the place of our faving 20,dapes 
wurntp, except it be in wels. the water whereok is ſaltilh, ¢ pet diſtant the one from the other ta 
mts iourney and more, They cate their meate vpon the ground, ſitting with their legge double 
waderthem, and fo alſo when they pap. Arte oꝛ ſcience they haue none, but liue mol inlely, ſitting 
un in great companies inthe ſie los, deuiſing, and talking mo vainely. 

The v6. day of Nouember, wee veparten fram the to wne of Vrgence, and hauing trauailed by 
theruer Oxus 100 nile, we paſſed ouer enother great riuer called Ardoche, where we pat a cer 
tune petie tuſtome. Chis river Ardocke ia great, and very ſwilt. falling out of the fozeſaid Oxus, 
ping about tooo. mile to the Noth ward, it then conſumeth it felfe in the ground and pal · 
fing nder the ſame about 500, me, lſueth out againe. and kalleth into the lake of Kitay, as A 
baie before declared. 

Che 7.0t December folowing, wee arriued at a Caſtle called Kaic, ſubiett to a Soltan talled 
duamet doltan, who ment tu haue robbed all the Chꝛimans iu the Carauan, had it not bene fo? 
art ol his nother the king of Vrgence, as we were iufcꝛmed by one of his chie felt counſailers, 
who willen vs to malie hem a prefent, which he tuoke, and deliuered: beſides we paide at the faive 
Calle for cuſtame . ol curry camel one ved hide of Ruſſia. beſides petie gifts to his officers, 

Thus mocerding in owr inurne v, the tenth day at night being at reit, and our watc he ſet. there 
ume bate vs foure hoſemen which we tanke as ſpie s. ram whome wee tooke their weapons and 
unoth em, and hau ing well eraminen chem. they confeffen chat they hat Ceene the tract or ma: 
w honſemen, and no footing of came ls, and gaue vs to vnderſtande, that there were touers and 
teeues ab wade : fo) there trauaile le we people that are true and peaceable in that Countrep, but 
mcompanie of Carauan, where tere be many came ls, and boyfefeeting newe without camels 
weet be doubted, Tbcreupen we confultene derermined among tt our ſelues, and ſent a poſte 
tothe lade Soltan of Kayte, who immediatly came himfelfe with ; oo nnen, and met theſe foure 

men which we ſent vntoiim, and examined them fo trate help, and tlneatened them in 
luch ſur chat they confefted there was a banilhed Prince with o. men z dayes tournep toward, 
he lav in waite to deſtroy vs. ihe could, and that they themſelues were of his 

Oe Soltan cherefore vnderſtanding that the theeues were not many, appointed ve do men 
bell exmen with a Captatne to coe with vs, — 

k 2 returned 


Sit The voyagesand Ulcoveries MZ-e ath fen 


armed. and appointed with bo we s, arrowes and words, and the Captaine a prince banither from 
bis Countrep, They willed vs to yeelde our ſe lues. o els to bee laine, but wee defied them 
where with they ſhotte at vs all at once, and wee at them very hotly, and fo concinucd ourlighe 
from morning vutill two houres within night diuere den, horfes and came ls being woundcam 
llaine on both partes: and had it not bene for 4, handgunnes which J and my companie had un 
vſed, we had bene overcome and deſtroyed: for the thetues were better armed, and wert allo ba 
ter archers then we; But after wee had ſlaine diuers of their men and hoꝛſes with our guanes, 
they durſt not approche ſo nigh. which cauſed them to come to a truce with vs vntill the nen may 
ning, which we accepted, and encamped our [eines vpon a hill, and made the fallion ol a Cal, 
walling it about with packes of wares, and layde our hopfes and camels within the fame tolnt 
them from the ſhotte ofarrowes : and the thetues alſo incamped within an arrowe (horte ae 
vs, but they were bet wirt vs and the water, which was to our great Discomfort, betauſe neuter 
we nop our camels had dzunke in 2. dayes before, 

Thus keeping good watche, when halſe che night was ſpent, che Prince of the cheeues (ema 
meilenger halle way vnto vs, requiring to talke with our Captaine in their tongue, the Can- 
uan Batha, who anſwered the meſſenger, J will not depart from my companie to goe into the 
halle way to talke with chee: but if that thy Wrince with all bis companie will [weart by our 
Lawe to keepe the truce then will J ſende a man to talke with chee, op els not. CAhich the Prince 
vnderſtanding as well himfelfe as his companie, Swope fo lowde that wee might all heat. Arn 
then wee ſent one of our companie (reputed a holy man) to talke with the ſame meſſenget. Che 
meſlage was pronounced aloude in this onder, Our ſounce demaundeth of the Carauan Bala, 
and of all pou that be Buſſarmans, (that is to fay circumcifen) not deſiring pour bloods, thut yea 
de liuer into bis handes as many Caphars, that is, vnbeleeuers (meaning vs the €baiftians) us 
are among pou with their goods, and in fo doing, hee will ſuffet pou to de part with pour good in 
quietneſſe. and to the contrary, you ſhall be handled with no leſſe crueleie then the Caphars, il bet 
ouercome vou. as he doubteth not. To the which our Carauan Batha anſwered that het bad w 
Chnitians in his companie. nop other ſtrangers, but two Turkes which were of their Lame am 
although bee had, hee would rather die then de liuer them, and that wee were not afraide elde 
threatnings, and that ſbould bee kno we when day appeared. And fo palling in talke the cheeuts 
(contrary to theix othe) carried our holy man away to their Mince, crying with a lowde voyct in 
token of victopie,Ollo,ollo, Wihere with we were much diſtomfonte d, fearing that that holy mm 
would betray vs: but bee being cruelly handled and much examine d, would not to death contd 
anything which was to vs preiudiciall, neither touching va, nop pet what men they han laine 
and wounded of ours the day before, TCihen the nighe was ſpent, in the moſning we prepared um 


ſelues to battel againe, which the theeues perceiving required to fall to agreement ita! 


Oun gun, and 
thut we had gotten ti 
couered vs, we know 
do vpon the 23, 
Chis Bogharis ſit 
with nutte grates int 
andche z. part is fo § 
bpthemfelues, Th 
fomanv houfes, tem 
bathtones fo artifi 
long to tehearſe. 
nut thereofis moll 
cially in them that be 
bett the fleth and 
Surgeons being m 
tutty day fhe corns 
Quo pet it is there fo 
is found to bꝛeake th 


late as her did by ef 
ofthe lade Metropo 
Was a Prince that 
K sd 
tongue, but vet! 
the lude Perſians at 
wares ia ſon that ti 
il ether Tartars dot 
asthep doe the Chi 
Che of Bog 
muineeined bythe e 
the rraftes men ag b 
pethin great lubiert 
Laide Marchants to 
bidto pay mee certa 
and copper for golde 
pence Engliſh, and 
l 12,0, and is. 0 


blade bones of the 
de fheepe, and mn, 
th the laude blocs, 
that wee ſleun 
hem, to which op 
res after tha thy 
g, We cſintdlent 
ers) gathertd our 
our Prayers tagt 
d fo phepant our 
wer 3 7. men wel 
ince banuſhed frem 
t wee delled them 
ontinucd our igt 
ICING Wounded em 
companit had aia 
and wert allo ba, 
with our guanes, 
ntill the uen mays 
‘alton ola Cattle, 


EEE eee 
McA nth.Fenkinfon. of the Englith nation. 355 


qn —— — ñ6.: — — 
ia ladto be che molt part of our compante being loch co go to battel againe and hauing 
lulrto leolt, y Cafeconduct to palle, we were compelled to agret . to gure the thetues 20. uintbhes 
(aui to ) 20. times 9. feuerall 8, and a camell to carie away the fame, which being te · 

che thitues Departed into the wi to their olde habitatton. and we went on our way 


lud. dus chat nig be came to the nuer Oxus, where twee refrethen our ſelurs, haung bene 3. Spunuer et 
rapes without water, and dpinke, and tarriev thert all the nert day, making merry with our lane 


dont and tame ls and chen Departed from chat place, ¢ fo) feare of meeting with the ſald thetues 

in ſuch like, wee left the high wap which went along the {aide riuer, and paſſed chrough a 
tedvernes of fand,and crauailed 4, dayes in the fame befone we came to water sand then came to a 
ul the water being very brackith, and we then as befope were in nerde of water, and of other vit · 
uals, being forced to kill our bopfes and tame ls to tate. 

p this wildernes alſo we had almolt fallen into the handes of theeues:fop one night being at 
ui, there came certaine (coutes, and taried away certaine of our men wich lay a little feparaced 
dunthe Carauan, where with there was a great Choute and cry, and we immediacy lade d our ta · 
nals and departed being about midnight and very darke, and dyaue fope till wee came to the riuer 
un agune, and then we feared nothing being walled with the fatd river: and whether it was for 
chat we bas gotten the water, oz ſon that the fame thetues wert larre from vs when the ſcoute s dil 
cquered vs, we knowe not, but we efcaped that danger. 

do vpon the 23. day ol December wee arrived at che citie of Boghar in the lande of Bactria, og 
Chis Boghar is ſituated in the lo welt pare of all the land, walled about with a high wall ot earth, of 
with biuers gates into the Came : it is deuided into 3. partition a. whereof two parts are the kings. 
nnthe z. part is loꝛ Marchants and markets, and tuery ſtience hath their dwelling and market 
ythemſt lues. The Citie is very great, ano the houſes loꝭ the molt part of earth, but there are al · 
fo many houfes, temples and monuments of fone ſumptuoully builded, and gilt, and ſpecially 
pathtones fo artificially built, that the like thereof is not in the wonlde the mauer wher col is to 
ungto tehearſe. There is a litle Riuer running though che m iddes ol the ſaide Citie. but the 
wearer thereofis moſt vuholſome, fo it beedeth fometimes in men that dyinkt thereof and eſpe · 
cally in them that be not there boꝛne. a woyme of an ell long, which lieth commonly in the legge 
bett the fleth and the ſkinne, and is pluckt out about the ancle with great art and cunning, the 
Surgeons being much pnactiſed therein, aud if thee bheake in plucking out, the partie dieth, and 
tuerp day fhe conmnech out about an iuche, which is rolled vp. and ſo wopketh till ſhee be all out. 
Qud pet it is there loꝛbidden to Dpinke any other thing then water, ¢ mares milhe, and whofoeuce 
isfound to byeake that lawe is whipped and beaten molt cruelly tnough the open markets, and 
there are officers appointed fo; the fame , who haue authopitie to goe into any maus boufe, ta 
fearcbe if hee haue either Aquauitæ, wine, op biage, and finding the fame , doe breake che vellels, 
thople the Dpinke,and 2 houfe mot cruelly. yea, and many times il they pers 

ofa man that be bath dꝛunke, without further examination hee (hall not ef- 


Petropolicane in this Boghar, who cauſeth this lawe to be fo ſtreightly kepe, and 
rum obeped then the lung. and will depoſe the king, and plate another at bis will and plea: 
late i hee did by this king that raigned at our being there, and bis pꝛedeceſſour, by the meanes 
uche lade Metropolitan i for bee betrayed him, and in the night lle we him in his chamber, who 
was a Prince that loued all Chpiftians well. 

Chis Countrep of Boghar was ſometime ſubiett to the Perſians and doe now ſpeake the Per- 
fantongue, but yet now it is a kingdome ol it lelfe, and hath moſt cruel wartes continually with 
che laude Perſiuns about their religion, although they be all Mabometills. One occafion ol their 
wares is lo that the Perſians will not cut the haire of their vpper , 48 the Bogharians and 
dlother Tartars doe. which they actompt great finne,and aallben aphars , that is, vnbe leruets, 
asthep doe the Chyittians, 

Che lung of Boghar hath no creat power oz riches, his reuenues are but ſmall. and he is mot 
munteined bythe Citie: for he takeththe tenth peuie of all things that are there lolde, as wel by 
thecraftes men as by the Marchanta, co the great impoueriſhment of the people, whome hee kee: 
pain great fubiection, and when he lacketh money, bee ſendeth bis officers to the ſhopyes of the 
laat archante to take their wares to pay bis debts, and will haue credite of force, as the like he 
d pap mee certaine money that hee owed me fo 19. pietes ol tarſey. Their money is Muer 
amdcopper, for golde there is none currants they haue but one piece of filuer, chat is worth 12. 
pence Engliſb, and the copper money are called Poole, and 120. ol them goth to the value of the 
la 13,0, and is mone cõ mon paiment theu che luer, which he hing cauleth to rife and tale Vs 

3 


* 
— 


a ag ea 


356 The voyages and difcoueries A. Aub. en u 


moſt aduantage euery other moneth, and ſometimes twile in a moneth, not caring to op ö 
people, for that hee looketh not to raigne aboue 2.02 3. pecres beſqꝑe hee be either en 
awap to the great deſtruction of the Countrep and marchants. 

Che 26. dap of the moneth I was commanded to come befoye the laid king to whom J preter, 
ted the Emperour of Ruſſia his letters, who interteined vs mo gentlp, and canter bu 1 
eate in his pꝛeſence, and diners times he ſent lo me, and deuiled with me familiar ly in his ferrg 
chamber, as well of the power of the Emperour, and the great Turke, as alſo of our countevig, 
lawes, and religion, and cauſed vs to (hoote in handgunnes before him, and did himlelle yractife 
the vle thereol. But after all this great intertaiuement before my departure he the wen himſelſt 
à very Tartar: for he went to the warres awing me money, and ſawe mee not paide before his de. 
parture; Aud although in deede hee gaue oꝛder fo the ſame, yet was J very ill ſatiſſied, aud 
to rebate part, andto take wares as paiment foꝛ che rel contrarp to my expectation, but of a ber: 
ger, better paiment J could not haue, and glad J was fo to be paide and diſpatched. 

But yet I muſt needes praife and commende this barbarous king, tho immediatly after my 
arriuall at Boghar, hauing vnderſtoode our trouble wich the theenes, {ent 100. men well armen, 
and gaue them great charge not to returne before they had either ſlaine oꝛ taken the {aide theeng, 
CAbhoaccoping to their connniſlion ranged the wildernes in {uch fort,that they met with the la 
companie of theeues, and flewe part, and part flende, and ſoure they tocke and ought onto 
king, and two of them were fore wounded in our ſkirmilh with our gunners: And alter the king 
had ſent foz me to tome to fee them, hee cauſen them all 4. to be hanged at his palace gate, becaufe 
they were Gentlemen to the example of others, And of ſuch goods as were gotten againe, Thay 
part reffored me, and this good iuſtice J found at his handes. 

There is yeerely great reſoꝛt ot Parchants to this Citie ot Boghar, which trauaile in gen tit ol 
Carauant from the Countries thereabout adiopning, as India, Perfia, Balke, Ruſſia, withniuerg 
others, and in times palt from Cathay, when there was paſſage, but theſe Marchants are ſo beg 
gerly and pooꝛe, and bring fo little quantitie of wares, Iping two 02 3 .peeres to fell the ſame chat 
there is no hope of any good trade there to be had woꝛthy the following. 

The chiele commodities wat are bꝛought thither out of thele fozelaide Countreys ate thele dutch 


following. * ‘ 
Che Indians doe bring fine whites, which the Tartars doe roll about their heads, and all other lung 
kinds of whites, which ſerue for apparell made of cotton waoll and craſ ko, but golde, ſiluer, pes i 
tious ftones, and {pices they thing none. A enquired and perceiuen that all ſuch trade pa. bt 
ſeth to the Ocean lea, and the vaines where all fuch things are art in the ſubiectton of the 
Portingals, The Indians carie from Boghar againt, mought fitkes, rende hives, ſiaues and hop 
ig, with ſuch like. biit of carſeis and other clothe, chen make litle actompt. J offered to barter with 
8 of chofe Countreis, which came from the furthelt parts of India, euen From tle Com 
trep of Bengala, ¢ the Riuer Ganges, to giue them curſeis ſoꝭ their commodities, but they bond 
not barter for ſuch commoditie as cloth. i 2 
The Perfians doe bing thither Craska, wollen cloth, liunen clothe, diuers kindes of trout time 
pide filkes, Argomacks, wich ſuch like, and doe carrie from thence redde hides with other Rule J 
wares, and ſlaues which are of diuers Countreis, but cloth they will buy none, for that they bung 
thitber themſelues, and is broughe vnto chem as J baue enquired from Aleppo in Syria, aud che 
parts of Turkie. The Ruſſes doe carrie vnto Boghar,vevde hides, ſheepet kiunes, wollen cloth of 
diuerg forts, wodden vellels, bꝛidleg, ſaddles, wich ſuch like, and doe carrie away from thente, d 
uers kindes of wares made of cotton woll, diuers kunden of filkes, Crafca, with other thing but 
there is but mall vtterante. From the Countreis of Cathay is haoughe thither in time al pertt, 
and when the wap is open mutke,rubarbe, ſatton damaſke. with diners other thing cat my being 
at Boghare, there came Carauans out ot all theſe fopeſaid Countreis,ercept from Cathay annthe 
caute why chere came none from thence, wan the great warres that had bured 3. yeeres befoꝛe mp 
tomming thither, and yet duten betwixt 2. great Countreis anv cities of Tartars, that ate ditetiiy 
in che way betwixt the laid Boghar andthe fata Cathay, aud certaine barbarous ſielde people, a 
well Gentites as Mahonietifts boꝛdering tothe ſuide Cities. Che cities are calles Taſ kent am 
Caskayre, and the people that warre again Taskent are called Caſſaks of the la of Mahomet, 
and they which warre with the ſaid tountrey of Cas kayre, axe cullen Rings, Gentiles ¢ tvolaters, 
Chele 2. barbarous nations axe of great force lining in the lieldes without houle o; tome. ¢ han 
almolt ſubdued the fozeſaide cities, ¢ fo ſlapped vp the way, that it is impolſible for any Camum 
mats vulpoiled. fo that 3. peeres before our being there, no Caravan hav gone, op vſed traue bo 
the Countreis of Cathay, and Boghare, y then the tap is cleare, ic is ee, 


888 121 


SESEetsses 


os 
E 


3413885 


a 
= 


l. Anth. Lenkinfon, M.Anth.Fenkinfon. ofthe Engliſh nation. 357 
3 PDP! T. ³ 5A ̃ ——— 
seth not caring to oppꝛeſte hig to ſpeake of the ſaid Counttey of Cathay, and of ſuch newes as J baus heard therof, I baue 
e hee be eicher flaine m minen thought it belt to reſerue it to our meeting. A having made mp ſolate at Boghar, in the inter 
time, and bauing learned by much inqutſition the trade thereol, as alſo of all the other Countries 
e laid king to whom q meten, chen adio yning, and the time of the peere being come, for all Carauang to depart, and alfo the 
of gently, and canter og q tine being gone Co the warres,and ne wes came. that he was ſled aud J aduertifen by the Petras 
ich me familiarly in his ſecrn b lle chat J ſhould vepart, becauſe the Towne was like to be belieged: I thought it 
urke, as alſo of dur countttis, qoodand meete, to take my iourney ſome wap, and determined to haue gone from chence into 
bim, and did himlelle practite perſia and to haue ſeene the trade ol that Countrep, although J had enfoomenmy ſelle ſuffitient· 
departure be ſhewed himſelle lytheteol, as well at Aftracan,ag at Boghar: and perceaued well the trades, not to be much vn⸗ 
e mee not paide before his de⸗ lite the trades of Tartaria: but when J ſhould haue taken my tourney that way, it was let by di 
J very ill Lacifhien, and force ur occaſions:the one was, the great warres that did newly begin betwixt the Sophie, and the 
my expectation, but ofa beg hugs of Tartaria, where bp the waies they were deſtroied: and there was a Carrauan deftroped 
and diſpatched. buch touers, and theeues, which came out of India, and Perſia, by ſafe conducts and about ten baies 
ng. viho immediatly after y iurney from Boghar, they were robbed, and a great part ſlaine. A lſo the Metropolitaue of Bo- 
es, ſent oo. men well amm, gta, who is greater then the king, tocke the Emperours letters of Ruſſia from me, without 
ine o taken the {aide cheenrs, which J ould haue bene taken ſlaue in euery places alſo all ſuch wares as J bad receaued in 
mnechat hep met with the fair bartet fon cloth, and as J cooke perforce of the king, and other his Mobles,in paiment of monie due 
p tooke and bought vn te vuto me, were not vendib le in Perſia: fey which cauſes, and diuers others, J was conſtrained ta 
gunners: And after the king tome backe againe to Mare Caſpiumthe fame way J went: fo that the eight of March, 15 59. 
eb at his palace gate, becaufe ne departed out of the fain Citie of Boghar, being a Carauan of 600. Camels, and if we had 
as were gotten againe, Thay nut departed when we did, J and my conmpanie had bene in danger to haue loſt life and goods. Foz 
ten dates after our departure, che king ol Samarcand came with an armie, € beſieged che ſaid Ci⸗ 
pias, which trauatte in great titefBoghar, the king being abſent, and gone to the warres againſt another pꝛince, his kinſman, 
1a, Balke, Ruſſia, with piuers asthe like chanteth in thofe Countries, once in two o thee yeeres. Fopitis maruell, if a king 
thefe Marchants are ſo beg there aboue three oz foure peeres, to the great deſtruction of the Countrey, and marchautg. 
3. peeres to fell the ſame chat he 25. of March, we came to the forefaid towne of Vrgence, and eſcapedthe danger of 400. Vrgenct. 
5 ners, which lay in waite for vs backe againe, being the moſt of them of kindzed to that companie 
vice Countreps are thele diccheeues which we met with going fooꝛth, as we perceaued by foure ſpies, which were taken. 
Chere were in my companie. and committed to my charge, two Ambafladours , the one fromthe 
out their heads, and all other lung of Boghar, the other from the king of Balle and were ſent vnto the Emperour v? Ruſſia: 
traſ ko, but golde, ſiluer, pe idafter hauing taried at Vrgence, and the Cattle of Zellyſure, eight daies foꝛ the aſſembling, 
eiuer that all ſuch trade pa ⸗ nn making ready of our Carauan: the ſerond ok April we veparted from thence, hauing foure 
en, are in the ſubiection of the moe Ambalſadoꝛs in our companp, ſent from the king of Vrgence, and other Soltans, his hne. 
8, rende hides, ſlaues and hy then vntu the Emperour of Ruſſia, with anſwere ol ſuch letters as IJ bꝛought them: and che fame 
umpt. J offered to barter nich Gmballanops were alfo committed vnto my charge. by the ſaid kings, and princess to whome J 
India, euen from the Com promifes mot faithful lp, and ſwope by our lawe, that they ſbould be well wien in Rufsland, and 


commodities, but they woud lutte to Depart from thence againe in ſaſetie, accopding as the Enperour bad wyitten allo in his 
ee eee eee into Ruſſia of long 


he, diuers kindes of mougtt } 

tedde hides with other Ruſſe Che 23. of Appl, we arriued at che Mare Caſpium againe, where we founde our barke wohich 
buy nont, foꝛ that they bung bete in, but neither anner, cable, cocke nop faile: neuerthelelſle we hought bempe with vs, 
dom Aleppo in Syria, aud che anſpunne a cable our ſelues. with che relt of our cackling, and made vs a ſaile of cloth of cotton 
erpel kinnes, wollen cloth of voll and rigged our barke,as well as we could, but boate o anker we had none. In the meane 
e taxrie awap from thence, di lime being deuiling to make an anker of wood of a cart wheele, there arriued a barke, which came 
raſca, with other things hut from Aftracan, with Tartars, and Ruſſes, which had two ankers, with whom J agreed foꝛ che one: 
ughe thither intime of peare; a thas being in a readines, we fet faile and departed, J, and the two Iohnſons being Maſter and 
res other thing eat my being Parriners our ſelues, hauing in our barke the lad fre Amballadozs, and 25. Ruſſes, which had 
t except from Cathay andth bene flaues a long time in Tartaria, nop euer had before my comming, libertie, o meanes to gette 
ad bured 3. pceres before mp buen theſe ſlaues ſerued to rowe when neede was. Thus failing lometimes along the coatt, 
gol Tartars, thut ate directly m fometimes out of light of land, the 13. day of Maye, hauing acontvarie winde, we came to an 
e barbatous fielve people, u dhe, being the leagues from the ſhoare, e chere rofe a fore forme, which continued 44. houres, 
cities are tallen Taſkent a Mout cadle being of our owne ſpinning, bzabe, and lot our anker, and being off a lee ſhoare, and 
flaks of the late of Mahomet, baring no boate to helpe vs, we hoiled our laile, and bare roomer with the laid (hoare,tooking for 
Kings, Gentiles ¢ toolaters, Artem beachzbut as God proutved for vs, ue came into a creeke full of ope, and fo ſaued our felnes 
ithout houle 02 to ume. c baut duch out barke, we liuer in great vile omkoꝛt fon a time. Fo; although we ſbould haue eſraped wih 
impolſible fo anp Carauan on lues the Banger of the fe, yet if our barke had periſhed, we kuew we houly haue bene, either 
an had gone, 07 vſed trade lo ne taken ſlaues by the people of that Countrey, who line wildly in the lield, Ike beattes, 


ate, it is g. moneths iourney. eehte pes ben the dope ui leres. ve went out ofthe crete inan 


358 The voyages and diſcoueries M.cA nth.Fenkinfin, 


Ser mer 
Calptan ſea. 


and hauing ſette the lande wich our Compaſſe, and taken certaine markes of the fame » Dering 
the time of the tempelt, whileſt we ridde at our auker, wee went directly to the place where inp 
riode, with our barke againe, and founde our anker which wee loſt: whereat the Tartars 
maruelled, betve wee did it. While wee were in the creeke, wee made an anker of tuooneof 
Cart wheeles, which wee had in dur barke, vohich we theme away, when wee had founde an 
pꝛon anker againe. Mithin two daies after, there arole another great ſtonme, at the Panthenl, 
and we lap a trie, being dꝛiuen fare into the fea, and much avoe to keepe our barke ftom finking, 
the billowe was fo great: but at the la, hauing faire weather, wee tooke the Sunne, any 
knowing howe the lande laye from vs, wee fell withthe Riner Lake, actomding to out deſtt, 
whereol the Tartars were very glad, fearing that wee ſhoulde haue bene dꝛiuen to the coat of 
Perfia, whofe people were vnto them great enemies. 

Mote that during the time ol our nauig ation, wee {ette vppe therenne crolſe of S. Georgen 


i our flagges, for handur of the Chꝛiſtians, which J ſuppoſe was neuer ſeene in the Calpianta 


Defoe, THe paſſed in this voyage diuers foꝛtunes, notwithanding the 28. of Maye, wee ant 
ued in ſafetie at Aſtracan, and there remained till the tench ol June following, as well tome. 
pare vs ſmall boates ta goe vp againſt the ſtreame of Volga, with our goods, as allo fop the con: 
panie eee of Tartarie, committed bnto me, to be bꝛought to the pꝛeſence of the Em 
erour ot Ruiiia. 

. This Caſpian fea (to fap ſome thing of it) is in length about two hunted leagues, din 
Inedth 150. without any ilſue to other ſeas, to the Caſt parte whereof, iopneth the great defer 
Countrey of the Tartars, called Turkemen: to the Meſt, che Countrepes of the Chyrcaſſes, the 
mountaines of Caucaſus and the Mare Euxinum, which is from the ſaide Caſpian ſea a hund 
leagues. To the North is the riuer Volga, and the land of Nagay, and to the South part,iopne 
the Countries of Media and Perſia. This ſea is freſh water in many places, and in other plates x 
fale as our great Ocean. It hath many goodly rivers falling into it, and it auoideth not it felfe ex 
teyt it be vnder ground, The notable riners that fall into it, are firſt the great riuerof Volg, 
called in the Tartar tongue Edell, which ſꝑzingeth out of a lake in a marriſh, dn plaine grorrd, 
not farre from the Citiẽ ol Nouogrode, in Ruſſia, and it is from that ſyꝛinge, to che fea, chou 
two thouſand Eng lich miles, It hath diuers other goodly rivers falling into it, as out of de- 
baria, Yaick, and Yeim: Alſo out of the mountaines of Caucaſus, che riuers of Cyrus, and A. 
rath, and diners others. N a 

As touching the trade of Shamakye in Media, and Tebris, with other towueg in Perſa, J 
haue enquired, and doe well vnderſtande, that it is euen like to the trades of Tartaria, thatis 
little vtterante, and ſmall pꝛoſite: and J haue bene aduertiſed that the chiele trave of Perliais 
into Syria, and fo tranſpopted into the L euant ſeas. The fewe ſhippes vpon the Caſpian Ses, 
the ae of Marte and pore Townes, the pouertie of the people, andthe ice, maketh ehatra 
naught, 

At Aftracan , there were Marchants of Shamakye, with whome J offered to barter, an 
giue them kerſies for their wares, but they would not, laying, they had them as good cheapen 
their Countrey, as J offered them, which was fire rubbles foz a kerſie, chat J aſked : and uhile J 
was at Boghar, there were there brought thither out of Perſia, cloth, and diuers commodiiieof 
our Countreies which were ſolde as good cheape, as A might {ell ours. 

The tenth pape of June, wee departed from Aftracan, towardes the Musko, hauinga 
hundzed Gunners in our companie, at the Emperours charges, fo the ſafe conduct oftte 
Tartarre Ambafladons , and me. And the eight and twentieth dape of Julp following, wear 
riued at the Citie of Cazan, hauing beene vppon the waye from Aſtracan thither, fie 


weekes, and moze, without anp refreſhing of victuals: fo; in all chat waye there is no hi 


tation. 
The ſeuenth of Augutt following, we departer from Cazan, and tranſpoꝛten our goods bp 
water, as farre as the Citie of Morons, and then by land: fo chat the ſecond of September, we w 


i arrinal at riued at the Citic of Musko, and the fourth day I came before the Emperours Maieſtie killed his 
Kothe 2.0f band, id prefented him a white Cowes taile of Cathay, and a dumme of Tartaria, ubich be’ 


accepted. Alſo J bꝛought betoʒe himall the Ambatlanors that were committed to my charge ui 
all che Ruſſe ſlaues: and that day J dined in his Maieſties pꝛeſence, and at dinner, his Grace lem 
me meate by a Duke, aſked me diuers queſtions, touching the Lande, ¢ Countreis where Abe 
bene. And thus J remained at the Mus co about pout affaires, vntill the 17. day of Febzunrit chat 
pout wares were ſeut sotunes ¢ chen hauing licence of the Emperourx Male dy to depattihe al. 
day Icameto pour houle at Vologhda, and there remained vntill che byeaing op of there 


A nth. Fenkinfon, Ned. lerterr. oſthe Engliſh nation. 5359 


R e re a 
narkes of the ſame, during 
ctly to the place where ha 
whereat the Tartars me 
made an anker of twoode of 
ap, when wee had fornde our ue 
eat ſtonme, at the Poftheal, 
eepe our barke from linking, 
wee tooke the Sunne, any 2 NL 75 v 
ake, actomding to our defy, Ks first HU st bt 201 
ebene driven to the coat of i Moſcoiir ina N 
sod ela: Nouogredthe great 514292 


rene troſſe of S. George in cute the lee 

uct ſeene in the Cafpianta io gieig pb oro the 1285 ssh 

the 28. of Pape, wee ani: eusase Volooda® yr 

ze following, as well tome. ng fs Cag Mts voces shoo 

goods, as allo fo the com Gwekerilend inf ofits ei: 

cht to the prefence of the En Aſtracan Tie Lege 46 
e entrant e Caſpi-X . 

10 hundzed leagues, amn pha e into che Caſp 746 

of, ioyneth the great deim 


Vtgence m Tartarye bn . 4 b 


reyes of the Chyrcaſſes, che iourney from the Caſpian fea, 


faibe Caſpian ſea a hum 0 Boghar Citie in Tartatie, 20ũ0. 00 3 ak a) hee 35 

and to che South pat iome “1 paes tourney rum Vigence, $32 ! ; Fi 
places, and in other plates Mleanguflaue beyond the Caſ⸗ ni] 

and it auoideth not it ſellt ex pian ſea, bas 

tithe great riuerof Volg, 

hey sta ep a The Queenes Maiefties levers to. the, Emperour of Ruſsia, re- 
alling into it, as out of de Aue ſting licence, and ſafe conduct for Maſter Anthony Ienkinfon,to 

s, the riuers ol Cyrus - 8 


paſſe through his 14 5 of Ruffia,into Petfia,to the 
treat Sophie. ia Ai 


Lizabetha Dei gratia, Anglia, &c. Regina, Sereniſſimo & potentiſſimo 
principi, D. Ioanni Baſili wiehe; Imperatori totius Ruſſiæ, Magno Duci; 
dec. Salutęm, & omnium rerum proſperarum ‘feeliciffimum incrementum. 
Potentiſſime Princeps, res eſt nobis ad memorandum longe gratiffima, il- 
la veftre Maieſtatis, erga nos & noſtros amicitia. Qu tempore forliciffime 


hocher townes in Perſa, J 
trades of Tartaria, thitis 
the chiefe trade of Perfiais 
es vpon the Cafpian Sens, 
nd the ice, maketh thartrare 


e J offered to barter, on — G7 || memorig Regis Edwardi Sexti, ſtatris noſtri chariſsimi, Dei benignitate in- 
had them as good cheapein SS! cepta,deinceps verò veſtra non ſolüm fingulari humanitate alta atque fo- 
e chat J alten: and twhiley tafedincredibili etiam bonitate aucta atque cumulata, nunc autem omnibus beneuolentiæ 
and diuers commeonitiesof veltre officijs fic firmata elt atque conſtabilita, vt iam minimè dubitemus, quin ea ad laudem 

a Dei ad gloriam vtriuſque noſtrum, ad publicam noſtrorum vtrobique regnorum immenſam 
ardes the Musko, hauings commoditatem, ad priuatam ſingulorum vtrinque ſubditorum optatam ſpem, certàmque foe- 


, for the ſafe conduct dicht licitatem multis fit deinceps feculis duratura. Et quanquam hec veftra bonitas, plenifsime ſe 
> of Julp following, wear le effudit in omnes noftros ſubditos, qui ſeſe in vllas imperij veftri partes vnquam receperunt, 
from Aftracan thither, ire pro qua ingentes noſtras, vt par eſt, gratias veſtræ Maieftati habemus, veſtriſque viciſsim in 
that waye there is no hub omni opportunitatis loco libentiſsimè feremus, ramen abundantia benignitatis veftra; in aco 
cipien me humaniter tractando noſtrum fidelem & perdilectum famulum Antonium 
d tranſpoztev our goods bp pakinfon,qui has perfert literas, ſeorſim nobis gratiſsima exiſtit. Nam pręterquam quéd nul - 
fecond of September, ive w non locis veſtri Imperij & magna libertate, & ſumma humanitate veſtræ {erenitatisnon per- 
perours Maieſtie hulled bis miſſu ohm, fed iuſſu etiam frueretur, veſtra bonitas tamen non in hac domeſtica benignè fa- 
ciendiratione conquieuit, ſed perlibenter de vltrò eundem noftrum hunc perdilectum famu- 
mxntijs exteris principibus, quoquouerſus ipfe iter ſuum inſtituerat, literis fuis, fuo magno 
Imperiali figillo confignatis commendauit. Quod beneficium illi vbiuis gentium, & viam fine 
vilo peticulo, propter publicam veſtram fidem, & aduentum cum magno fauore , propter ve- 
commendationem, optatè quidem, & foeliciter communiuit. Itaq; quemadmodum ge- 
mina hc veſtra beneuolentia, cum illa generalis exhibita in veftroregno nes ſubdi- 


snoftris vniuerfis,tum ifta feorfim præltita huie Antonio Ienkinſon, perfideli noſtro famulo, 


nobis 


— 


SA 
— 


8 : 3 
Be AS oe 


vel opportunam’compenfationem’, fi 


30 The voyages and diſadueries Te Och : | 


nobis in mente j on ſolùm ad . on ters memoriam, verùm etiam ad q 

imè detixa eft : ita, petimus à veſtra Maicitate u 
vtramque dentuolentiæ veſtrę rationem & commimetm noftris vniuenſis, & privatambuic no. 
ſtro dilecto famulo, vtriſque deinceps dignetur tuexi, atque conſerture. — — quidem 
diffidnnus, quin qe fauorem yeltra Maieſtas antea fua {ponte Antonio Ienkinſon, tum 


quidem priuiatn oftenditg em nurs rigen Antdnioin: no ‘iam famu 
latum cooptato benigné velit dénug e eee welt den vt 
dignetur iterum concedere eidem nulo, litetas ſuas commeatus, publicæ fide, at 


ſaluiconductus, quarütm tenore, authorirate,atque prefidio, ſit illi, familiaribus fuis, & fe, 


uis, tutum, liberumque, cummercibus, farcinis, equis, & bonis ſuis vniuerſis, inuchendis 
euehendiſque, per veſtra regna, domicilla, atque prouincias, praficiſci, ire, tranſire, red. 
re, abire, & iſtic morati, quamdiu placuerit; & inde recedere quandocunque illi aut ſuis libj. 
tum fuerit. Et ſicut non dubitamus, quinweftra Maieftas hęc omnia humanitatis grata off. 
cia, pro immenſa bonltate fue nature benignè & largiter huic famulo noſtro fit concefluraita 
valdè optamus,adeoque petimus, vt veſtra Maieſtas eodem modo eundem noſtrum famulum, 
vn cum omnibus ſuis familiaribus,ac bonis exteris alijs principibus literjs ſuis digneturcom. 
mendare, præſertim verò atque ſeorſim, Magno Sophi, Perſarum Imperatori; in cuiuseti- 
am imperia & ditiones idem nofter famulus gratia potiſſimè experiundi peregrina comme. 
cia, proficiſci vnà cum ſuis conſtituit. re g 
Confidimus igitur hæc omnia noſtra poſtulata pro fumuli fpe; . pro noſtra expectatione, 
pro veſtra bonitate, pronoftrorum verinqué ſubditorum commoditate, fauſta illi, grata no. 
is, accepta etiam veltre Maieſtati, & noſtris vtrobique perquam vtilia euaſura. De 
us veltræ Maieſtatis, &c. Datum in celebemima noftra Ciuitate Londini, Anno mu- 
di, 55 2 3. Domini, ac Dei noftri Ieſu Chrifti, 1 56 1. regnorum vero noſtrorum ter. 
da, 5 . 5 f 


eO MOT org ba Loses fyi Engli iM esraarO onl] 
OLN 0 Ay A ony \ : be bend L500 5 Yost 0035 5 2 N 
EAN bythe grace of God, Queens ok England, et. to che right excellent, ‘ahd righe 
mightie Mince, Loe Iohn Vafiliwiche, Emperour of all Ruffia, etc. greeting, and mot 
happie increale in all pꝛoſperitie. Right Piahee Prince, the amitie of pour Maieſtie town 
vs, aud our Subiects, avery pleaſant to us du be remembzed, which being begunne by the 
dnes ol God, in the raigne of our mod deere brother of happre memoꝛie, Ming Edwardthe 
„ and afterwardes, though pour not onelp ſingular bymanitie, fedde, and nouriſhed, but 
alſo though your incredible goodnes iurttaſed, and augmented, is nowe fo firmed, and cffably 


(hed , with all manner ok tokens ok pour beneuolence, chat nome wee doubt not, but that from 


hence foozth, during many ages, the fame ſpall en dure to the pꝛaiſe of God, to both our gle 
ries, to the publike great tommoditie of our Nealmes on either part, and to the priate deli 
hope, and certaine felicitie of all our Subiects. N 

And although that this pour goodnes hath bene aboundantlp extended to all our Subiects, 
that haue at aup time repaited into an, part of your Empire, for the which wee giue (aster 
ſon is) your Maieſtie right hartie thankes, and will againe ſhewe the like vnto pours, righ 
willingly, whenfoeuer oppoztunitie ſhall require: pet the aboundance of pour benignitic buch 
in reteauing, and alſo in entertapuing our faichfull, and beloued feruant, Anthonie Jenkin. 
fon, the bringer of theſe our letters, is vnto vs fop him pꝛiuately very thaukefull. Foz belies 
this, that in all places of pour Empire, he not onely by pour Maieſties ſulferance, but allo 
by pour commandement, entoped much libertie, and great friendſhippe, your goodnes notte 
ling inthis vour domeſticall diſpoſition of clemencie, did right willingly, and of pour one 
aboundant grace, commende the fame our welbe loued ſeruant, by pour letters, ſealed wi 
pout Imperial ſeale, to fundyp foren Princes, vnto whome he was minded to iourney : which 
pour magnificence did purchale vnta him happily, and accopding to his defire, both pallage with 
— cbeougt pons nace credite, and allo atchieuing of his tourney though pouy com 
mendation. N 

Cherefone like ae theſe pour duplicaten benetiolences, both that one generally exhibited w 
all our Dubiecteg, frequenting that pour Realme, and alſothis the other extended apatt u 
this our right faithful ſeruant, Anthonie Ienkinfon,, is right aſſiedly faſtened in out t 
membꝛance, not onelx ſoʒ a perpetuall, and gratefull memopiall, but allo wanne 


B 


ss SPSS enseawssreae pee) wi 


i 3 2 eee 


oo — ‘ 
s The QU. heQ.leters. ofthe Engliſh nation. 361 


n, verüm elan. ad seeee conmpentacions fo tore belice & your azeſie, to bouchlafe from hence focich co conferue 


pecimnus à veſtra Maicftate x ad continue the genunate biſpoſtion of pout beneuolences, both generallpco all our Sub- 
nenden gets and alſo puatelp to this our belouen feruant, And we doubt not, but that at our res 
aſeruare. Neque nos quidem quett, pou will againe gratiouſly thewe vnto the fare Anthonie, nowe admitted into our fers 
te Antonio Ienkinſon, tun aire, the like lauour as heretofore pour Maieſtie of pour meere motion, did exhibite onto tim, 
eu ane being then apytuare perfon, And therefore N. N e eftfooues to graunt to 
etimus aveltra Maieſtate, w the fame our fecuant pour letters of licence ,patport, and ſafe conduct, through the cenop, aus 
ommeatus, publicæ fidei, ac rhoutic, aun helpe whereck, he, his ſeruants, togecher wich their marchandizes , baggages, 
t ill, familiaribus ſuis, & fer, bles, aud goods whatloeuer chat hall be bꝛought in, opcarrien out, by oz through all pour 


nis ſuis vniuerſis, inuchendis Emre, kingvome⸗ dominions, and mouintes, map ſurely, and freely iournep, goe, paſſe, 
proficiſci, ire, tranfire, ret 1 depart, aud there tarry ſo long, as it ſpall pleaſe hum: and from thence returne, wheuſaeuer 


uandocunque illi aut ſuis lb it feeme good to him his: and as wee doubt not, but that pour Maleſtie in the goodnes 
mnia humanitatis grata offi of pour nature, will gratioulip and samen grant all theſe good offices of humanitie, fo 
mulo noftro fit conceſſura in vet dee hartelp nelire, that pour Maieſtte will Ihe wile vourhlafe to commendethe fame our 
o eundem noftrum famulum, feruant, together with all his goods , by pour letters, to ocher faren Princes, and ſpetially 
bus literis ſuis di gnetur com- wide Great Sophie, and Emperour ok Perſia, into whole Empire, and Jurildictions, che 
um Imperatori; in cuiuseti- fime our ſeruant purpoltth with bis for to tourney, chieflp ko; triall of foyrcine marchan · 
periundi peregrina commer. ised, anil ; 

eel Weiher oe doe truſt. that all theſe our demands ſhall tende, and haue effect, accopding to 
pez pro noſtra expectatione, che hope of our feruant, and to our expectation, for pour wealth, for the commoditie of both our 


moditate, fauſta illi, grata no- derts, luckie to him, thankefull to vs, atteptable to pour aieſtie, and very profitable to our 
quam vtilia euaſura. De- Hoßietts on richer part. God grant onto pour Maieſtie, long and happie felicitte in earth, and 
uitate Londini, Anno mun: Atlütting in beauen. Datev in gur kamous Citie ol London, che 25. dapof the monethof A⸗ 
zuorum vero noſtrorum ter- snillin the veere of the creation of che world, 523. and of dur Loe God Jeſus Chiff, 1562, 


The Quicenes Maieſties letters to the Great Sophie of Perfia, 
ent by Maſter Anthony Ienkinfon. 


sM ere od | 


— 


the tiabt excellent, ind rigte 


Ruſſia, ¢c, greeting, and molt Liraberha Dei gratia, Angliz, Franciz, & Hibernia Regina, &c. Potentif- 
nitie of pour Maleſtie tout fimo & inuictiſsimo Principi, Magno Sophi, Perſarum, Medorum, Partho- 
which being begunme by te rum, Hyrcanorum, Carmanorum, Margianorum, populorum cis & vltrà 
memozie, Ring Edwardthe ( Tygrim fluuium, & omnium intra Mare ue Perficum ſinum nati- 
ie, Fedde, and nourithen, but b SELIM onum atque Gentium Imperatori ſalutem, & rerum proſperarum feelicifsi- 
is note fo firmed, and eld * mum incrementum. Summi Dei benignitate factum eſt, vt quas gentes, non 
wee doubt not, but chat um fotim immenſa tetrarum ſpacia, & inſuperabiles marium vaftitates , fed & ipſi etiam cœlo: 
alle ok God, to both bur gio num cétdines longiſs imè diſiunxerunt, ipfe tamen literatum bord g mentis certa cogitata, 
part, and to the ppiunte deter &humanicatis grata offcia, & intelligemiz mutuz multa commno q facile inter ſe & oppor- 

N N tuné poffint communicare. Itaque cum perdilectus, & fidelis poſter famulus Antonius Ien- 
tended to all our Spubiers, linſon, qui has literas noſtras perfert, oum bona venia, fauore, & gratia noſtta hoc Angliæ 


che which wee give (as ter noftre regnum excedere, & in Perſiamvſque, veftrafque alias ditiones Dei benignitate pe- 


ewe che like vnto pours, tik netrate conftituerit, hoc illius initipitum perlaudabile quidem, graz noſtro auge proſequi 
Dance of pour benignitie boch &promouere fhiduimus:. id a ts bent fatimus, quonlam hoc eius 0 
d feruant, Anthonie Ie er honeſto ſtudio cominercij conſtitiendi potiffimum cum veltrishibditis ; alij peregri- 


v verp thankefull, Fo belines nis hominibus, ad veſtra regna cohfluentibus, omninò exortunifit. Proptereà nobis & ſeri- 


Maleſties ſulferance, butall bendum ad veſtram Maieſtatem, ab eaque petendum eſſe duximus, vt noſtro rogatu digne- 

ippe, pour goodnes netten turconcedere huic famulo noſtro Antonio Ienkinſon, literas publicæ fidei, Be fake conduc- 
willingly, andof pour dun. i us, quarum authoritate atque præſidio, licitum,liberimque fit illi, vnà cum ſuis familiaribus, 
bp pour letters, fealed m feruis, farcinis, mercibus & bonis vniuerſis, er veſtra regna, donucilia, ditiones, atque 
was minded to iourney: whith prouincias liber, &t ſine impedimento proficifci, ire, tranſire, redire, abire, & iftic moras 


o his deſite, both pallage nich 


u durenep though pou com 4, a placuetit, & inde recedere, quandocunque illi vel ſuis lubitum fuerit. Si hæc 


oſpitalitatis iura & dulcia communis humanitatis officia, inter nos, noſtra regna, no- 

iited to que fubditos libentèr conſtitui, ſincerè coli, & conſtantèr conferuari queant, ſpera- 

chat one generally er) 8 mne, Deum Optimum Maximum effecturum, vt ab hijs paruis initijs, grandiora rerum 

8 the other extended apétt nomenta, nobis ad magna ornamenta atque decus, noftris ad ſumma commoda atque v- 

aſſire all, n fis, aliquando fine orituras fiquidem, vt non terra, non mare, non ccelum, ad nos longiſ- 

but allo lor a mut mete las ſeparandos, quam dluina ratio communis humanitatis, && mutuæ beneuolentiæ ad her ; 
. sim 


—ßKkl—OP„] ye | 2 | CR a Serr aan eR — 


362 he voyages and diſcoueries The O. let 


miſtimè coniungendos plus virium habuiffe videatur. Deus falutcm omnem, d& fœlitemd 
terris,8¢ perpetuam in ceelis, veftre concedat Maieſtati. Datum in Anglia, in celebrinofty, 
vrbe Londino, 25. die Menfis Aptilis, anno mundi, 3523. Domini ac Dei noſtri Ieſu Chiti, 
1561. Regnorum vero noſtrorum tertio. N a 


a 1 The fame in Englifh, 


utter L Lizabeth, by the graceof Gov, Queene of England, et. Tothe righemightie, an 
2 dune, avictopions pine the Great Sophie, Emperor of the Perfians , Medes, Part vi 
and Gtalian, Hyrcanes, Carmanarians, Margians, of the people on this fide, and beyond the River of Ty. 
‘gris, and ok all men, and nations, betweene the Caſpian Sea, and the gulph of Perſia, 
ting, and molt happie increnſe in all profperitic, Bp the guodnes of the Almigttie Gon, l 
bapnen, that chole people, wußich not onely the huge diſtance ok landen, anvthe inuintible ty 
nes ol Seas, but alſd the very quarters of the heauens doe motte farre ſeparate, and ſette zum 
der, map neuertheleſſe tougb good commendation bp wneing, both eale, and alfo commun, 
rate betwerne them, not onelp che conceaucd thoughts, on deliberations, and gratefull offices f 
humanttie, bitt alſo many commodities of mutuall intelligenre. Thereſdze whereas dur faith 
full, and rigbt welbeloued feruant, Anthonie Ienkinſon, bearer of theſe our letters, is deten 
ned with our licenſe, fauour, and grate, to pafle out ok this our Nealme, and by Gove fit. 
tance to trauell euen into Petſia, and other pour Turifoictious: wee minde truely with on gyn 
fauour, to ſette fopwarv, and aduane, that his right laudab le purpole: and that 
5 


. pafports, and fate w 


B 


233.2 


118 5 


4 


i 
at 
and 
penn 
dont 
dine 
mm 
ton 
wt 
ne 
for 
fron 
rent 
bel 
“a 
foe 
1 
Dee 
pot 
bin, 
form 
ofp 
cn, 


Ns wherein are witten particularly the 
be ſaide and what euerp thing did cuſte: and betaule. as pe 
owe, che ade € belt is ol charge, wer defire yon, to haue a ſpetul 
e rrgarde vntott, and when God ſhall ſeude pou unto Mus ko gut mm 
aw will is, chat vou, with the aduile of our Agents there, doeh 
V poynt ſome ſuth meſents for the Emperour and his ſonne, either wim 
clothe of golde, Scarlet, op plate, agto pout good péterecion {halite 


5 The. leh | I Aub. len non. ofthe Engliſn nation. 


— wunde matt, nd den pou haue deliuerev vnto him che Queenes aieſties letters, ¢ our ſayd 
alutem omnem, & foelicemin inthe name ol the company, we thut it good chat you make pour humble fute vnto his 
m in Anglia, in celebri daſta in our name co get his licence on ſafetondutt fo vou and all other our ſeruants op Agents 
ini ac Dei noſtri Ieſu Chrifi, gal times hrereaſter, wich ſuch waren and merchandise as pow at this time, op chep heetafter at 
8 alocher times (ball tbinkie good, to pale out of his dominions towards Tartaria, Perſia, oz other 
md allo to returne bute Mofco with ſuch wares and merchandi zen as pou thall hing 0 
from any land oz countrep chat is not in his dominions, and if it be thought good by pou and 
| wut Agents there to make compofition witd the Cmperop on his officers fo forme certaine cuftome 
othe right minbcie, morigh stole pon fürh goods as we Chall pale that wap, to the ineene we nrighebe the better faubuted we 
Perfians, Medes, Parthian, nierte i to pour Difcretion, foneleeing that the opening of chis matter be not pye iudictall bnto dur 
and b tr puuileges. f 
J. the gad of Pea ch eran theta of te oth of gokde plate, peartes,faphpres, and other ie wels. we put our trutt 
of the Almigbtie Gon, tts sab confivence in vou principally co fell them lo ready moup time to good debters,o2 in barter foy 
anden, anthe inuintibie w geen mares, (0 that pou make our other Agents priny how ¢fop what price you fell any of the pres 
> farre feparate, ante men and alſo deliuer ſuch (tummies ok mony, billes op wares as pou fhall receiue, vnto our {aid Ae 
both eafe, aud alfa comming gentsrthinking good, further chat if pou perceiuethat the plate oz other iewels, on any part thereof 
ations, and gratefull officesef inl not be ſolde fon profit beſoze your departure fromthe Moſco, that then pou caule them to be 
, Therefore whereas our fatty fafe packed, and {et oꝛder they map be fent bither againe in our hippes the next peere, except you 
of theſe our letters, is derm that there map be ſome profit in carrying fome part of them into Perfia, which we would 
Kealme, and by Borst e gene Ome 
pee minde truely bibo gw We haue allo laden in the ſaid Swallow and the other two Hips, 80 fardles, conteining 400 
ole: and rhe the mme Hares, as by che enuoys do appeare, which fardles be packed, and appointed to be carped into Per- 
nent, to etabtith trade nf ms 
ng pourReaimes, Ude 
ovefire the ſame, to 5 1 
n, e te Co 
aufull fo him, together wih 
eu, ah su kn 
impeachment, to tourney, gu, 
from thence to returne, when 
ttaimment, and ſweete ont 


d happie felicitie in earth, n 
pof London, the 25. dayol te 
mid ar our L ond Jeſus Chu, 


7 


rs, Conſuls, and 0 
ing into Ruſdta, te 
onie Ienkinſon, alt 
in this our 


Maieſties letters, if he be not too fare from the Cafpian feafop poutotrauell, and chat 
yournake him luch a prefent as you wall chinke meete, and if pou patie by anp other hinges, i 


unden inoue good tip, cle 
whereof poo here peli 
{ the contents in 


can, intheſuteeſtablilting of furtheretade in merthandize by vs beerafterto be made frequented 
audcontinned in thoſe parts, not onely that we map freely fell in all places within bis Dominions 
luch wares as we cary thither, but al(o bup and being awap any manerof wares oz merthandtzes 
whaloener it be, that is foz out purpoſe and commoditie within his dominions, with free palſage 
illolo bs at all times, to paſſe as ag we will with our goods and merchandise into any part 
of Sudta on other countryes thereunto adtopning and in like maner to returne through his domini⸗ 
WS into Ruſſia op els where. 11 tie 


of our Agents there, doe a 
ur, and bis ſanne either wr, 
o pour good diſctetion halbe 


Thevoyagesanddifcoueries MA. Anth, Fenkinfon, 
An fo) the fale of our kaglles o other ee 

2 11 fo; our mot profice peace nese z tuen ſo e ran 
on, as well in the fale of en naner. So) pve StF ih ogee 
e ee wares Pape i polage rence bade Pe a pA 
n othertwtfe , the here Surrey, 3 minde is, that poy 
procure to fell our karſies, end wm hist 5 dy ben lad. 
Ne sry dominiona, if you map ſell them 


Eset gts e aapon ale 
— oo Noua 9 — 0}: nabe, c D3 Gi 


rourd do 
fafecond 


uen pou to dean pur SE in this tutended aduenture: but fot 
Wüß e a8 fogs capa contiver and 1 ik we und 4. vnto pou any certaiue wap, oj dum 


15 
bos 
me 


increaſe of pour goon 


> fon euer : 
wan per ee eure heticing nd allo mot ice louis pottag wu tender the Gate of oe 
couipanp, 2, chers tal au ec regan paca be oyeerof our boufes ¢ our feruants altel 
at Colmogro and Vologda, ag at Mofco, aud ta rt ik any mifeguer be amongdour 
ſexuants 02 ane wherehy you thinke me might heeraſter be put to hiuderance 02 lane 
ac pg ere, at you ono outer te Game eber 
fiz bs pour letter. at large, as our trait ia in uu. 
And fs te eter ttle a be bain ce pices am geome of Ch cass an heb 
lp i ar in the parties ol Ruſſia, we dee herewith deliner pou a quantitie ofcer 
ges, ee m bnd been pn abb 
dag Nad, ok fur ee eee heere mol yendible: allo we deliuer pou herrewith one 
redto n. andone ounce weig it in laſſe tu che end, that you ma tenant th se Bll of pycea ots 
Senkinfon, — Know that things be worth beere. As on theknatuleoue Of fitke, we nerd not to giue pon ain 
fructions cherof,ather then pou kuow. 
"Alto ir pou bnderſtand that anp commoditie in Ruſſia, be profitable for bsco baue bath pox ie 
to Perſia San ares, our mindes is that our Agents Chall either pauide it one i haa 
Cpe maine ha POU Money to make prouitinn your ſelfe, And becaule the Ruiles lay that in trauelling Eau 
taithin wirt 18 ro thittie op foptie dapes iournep, there is the maine ſea to be found, we thinks thet 
L mightimpioy bes che coed orp bp lanhssanep oe time enough to gue 
abe posh Perſia : fo if it be true chat be may traue ll to the ſen that wap, and that hemap kun 
bow many nile it is cowards the Eat from Colmogrojt will be a great helpe forbs to fun out 
Roe el av ple Cat ay tr decker leine 


Wlan Gecrard. 
Thomas Lodge. Gouernours, ; 


William Merrike. 
eker 


2. Zen A 


1. Anth fen ia 
with pou, 

ce allt pur gon 
in ſuch chinges as you thay 
had into Pe ia bp en 
2, F 

for Pe i, inthe Boge 
reer ote dane h, 
2 of 


t fell out haries inthe Eng 
rather they map be kepe.ii te 
8 vpon pour iourney totuards 
e next peere, neither good he 
eof our karſies in the Eu. 
ile to cap pour ſayd wares bp 
1ople, opelg where pou thinks 


intended aduenturt: but fot 


at Moſco time enough to goe 
at wap, and that he map kum 
great helpe tod vs co uve out 


M.Anth.lenkinfon. ofthe Englith nation. 


A compendious and briefe declaration of the iourney of M. 


Anthonie Ienkinfon , from the famous citie of London into the lande of 
Perfia, paſſing in this fame iourney through Rutfia, Mofcouia, and Mare 
Caſpium, alids Hircanum, fent and imployed therein by the right 
worthipfull Societie of the Merchants Aduenturers, for the 
difcguerie of Lands, Iflands, &c. Being begunne the 
acuta day of May, Ann. 1561: and in the 
third yeere ofthe raigne of the Queenes 
Maieſtie that now is:this prefent de- 
claration being directed and 
written to the forefayd 
Societie. 


i Fett inibarking my lelfe in a good ſhippe of pours, namedthe Swallow. at 
. Graueſend, bauing a fayze and good wide, our anker then eyed, and com: 
mitting all to the protection of our God, haumg in our fatling diuerſitie ol 
i 9 tuindes, and thereby forced to direct and oblerue ſundyy courtes (not here re. 
hearſed, betauſe you haue beene thereof heeretofoze amply mfopmed) on the 


ES OS | fourcteenth day of July, the peere afozefaid, J arrined in the bayol D. Is 
cholas in Nuſſia: and the fige and twentith dap of the fame moneth, after con: 
ference cher ee becuse ee ee ted from 

5 g itrep of Vago, and on the eight day of Augu@ then following, F 
2 W is diſtant from Colmogro ſeuen hundzed miles, where J remained foure 
des, atending the arriuall ok one of pour boates, wherein was laden a cheſt of iewels withthe 
prefert, by pour woꝛſhippes appoynted forthe Emperours Maieſtie: which being arriued, and the 
chen teretued, J there wich departed toward the citieol Moſcouia, andtame thither thetwentith 
nyoſ the ſune moneth, where J immediatly cauſed my comming to be fignifien vnto the Decre: 


365 


taricofche Imperial Maieſtie, with the Queenes highnelſe letters addzeſſed vnto the fame his The tunes 


Maile, who informed the Cmperour thereok. But his higbneſle hauing great allaxes, and be⸗ 
ing u chat pꝛelent ready to be marryed vnto a Lady of Chirchaſſi, of the Nahometicall law. com 
minded that no ſtranger, Ambafladour, nop other, ſhould come before him for a time, with further 
Gtainhe charge, that during the {pace of thee dayes that the ſame ſolemne feat was celebꝛating, 
the gates of che citie ſhould be ſhutte, and that no perſon, ſtranger oꝛ native (certeine of his houle⸗ 
bolde teſerued) ſhould come out of they ſayd houſes during the {apn triumph the tauſe thereof vn · 
tatbis day not being knowne. 

The litt of September following, the Emperour made a great feaſt, whereunto were called 
ill ambaſſadours and ſtrangers being of reputation, and hating affapres: amongſt whom J was 
tne, but being willed bythe Secretarie ſirſt to come, and to ſhew him the Queenes Maieſties let: 
tete, J reuſed ſo to doe, ſaying J would deliuer the fame vnto the Emperours owne hands, and 
at otherwiſe: which heard, the Secretarie anſwered, that vnleſle he might firk perule the laid 
letters, J ſhould not come into the Emperours prefence, ſo that J was not at the feat. Meuerthe⸗ 
lelſe, J was apuertiled by a noble man that J was inquired foꝛ by the Emperours Maieſtie, al: 
though che cauſe of my ablence was to his Maieſtie vnnowne. The next day following, J cau⸗ 
ſed a ſuppliration to be made, and pꝛeſented it to his highneſſe omne handes, and thereby declared 
the tauſe o my comming. lignified bythe Queenes Maieſties letters, and the anſwere of his ſayd 
Hettetary, moſt humbly beſeeching his Grace that he would recetue and accept the fame her 
highnelle letters, with ſuch hon and friendſhippe, as his letters ſent by Ofepp Napeya, were res 
svined by the handes ok our late Souereigne lady Queene Mary, op els that it would pleaſe his 
higdneſle to diſmniſſe me, ſaying that I would not deliner the laid letters but vnto his ote handes, 
in tha it is lo vled in our countrev. Thus the matter being pondered, and the effect of my ſuplita⸗ 
tion well dilgeſted, J was koꝛthwith commanded to come with the ſayd letters before his Maie⸗ 
fie, and ſo deliuered the lame into his owne handes, ( with fuch pꝛeſents as by pou were appoyn · 
ted) arto wing to my requett, which were gratefully accepted, and the lame day J dined in his 
Graces pꝛeſente, with great intertainment. Shortly after, J deſired to know whether J ſhould 
be litented to pate thwugh his bhigbneſſe dominions into the land of Perſia. nen to che 

Watetties requett : heereunto it was anſwered, that J ſhould not paſſe hither, fon that 


da Paicttic ment to lend an armie of men that way into 1 land of Chircaſſi, wherby mp op 3 0 A 
2 hou 


letters to the 
Em pero of 
Au 


pr so te 
valle min 
Verſis tho 


366 The voyages and diſcoueries A4.Anth.Fenkinfin, 


would be boch dangerous and troubleſome, and chat if A (ould periſh therein, it would be mucho 
bis Graces dithonour, but he doubted other matters altboughthey were nat erpeſſed. Thus by 
uing receiued his anſwere, nettherto mp expectation, noꝛ pet contentation, and there remaining g 
good part of the pecre, hauing in that time folde the molt part of pour karſies and other war ap, 
pointed fo Perſia, when the time of the peere requiredto returne fo; England, J deſited 
and pott hoyſes fo; monep, er woe but hauing receiued mp paſpozt, ready to 
duppe pes there came vnto our houle there Oſip Nepeya, tho me that J ſbould not depatt that 
ble kom ihe day Coping that the Cmperour tuaanoe cruelp infeymed, puting great fault to the fru 
Emperour of ofthe Decretary, who was not mpfriendzbefore whom comming agame the next dap, and in 
Na a. the fame Setrttary and Oſip Nepeya together, after many allegations aud obiections of things 
and perceiuing that J would depart, J was willed to remaine vntill che Emperours Mairie 
were ſpoken with againe touching my paflage : wherewith J was content, and within thyee dapes 
after fending foz ine. he declared chat the Emperoꝛs pleaſure was that J Moulo not onelp pate tho, 
rom bis Dominions into Perfia, but alſo haue bis Graces letters of conunendations to ſoprenpun 
tes, with tertaine his affayyes committed to my charge too long bere to rebearte : whereupon J ay 
pointed my ſelte fop the voyage, and the 2 J day of March the beere afodeſaid, A dined agame in 
Maleltieg pꝛeſence in company of an Amballadour of Perſia and others, and teteiuing acuppe of 
duinke at his Maieſties hands, A tooke my leaue ot his highnelle, tubo did not oulp giue me letters, 
as afopefaid, but allo committed matter of impoztande ¢ charge vnto me, to be done when J ou 
arriue in thoſe countries whit her J intended to go, and hauing all things in readineſſe fop the fame 
vopage, J Departed from the citie of Moſco the 27 day of Appill 1562, downe by the great nuerol 
Volga, in company of the ſaid Ambatlado} of Periia, with whom J had great frendthip and eine 
Ahracan. kence all the way downe the fame riuer vnto Aſtracan, where we arriued all in health the 10 dap of 


une. , 
And as touching the ficuations of the cities, tones, caftles and countryes, as well of he 
homerans as alfo of Gentils adiopning to the ſame, wherby J paſled from Moſco unto Aftracan, 
J omit in this beuiat to rehearſe. ſoꝛ that I beretofoe haue declared the ſame moſt amply vnto yon 


In damn in mpvopage to Boghar. Thus being arriued at Aſtracan, as is aforefaid, J repaxed unte te 
to Beghar, captaine there, buco whom A was commendedfrom the Cmperours Maieſty, with grratchg z 


that he not uly ſbould apd aud ſuccoz me with all things needfull during my abode there, but allo 
tafafeconduct me with 50 gumers well appointed in two lirooges oz hiigantines into the Calpi. 
an ſea, vntill I had paflen certaine dangerous places which pirate ¢ rouers do attuſtome to hann, 
e hauing prepared mp barke fop the fea, the Ambaflado of Perſia being before departed in a bau 
. patetp b the ofhisowne, the 15 dap of July, the pecre afogeſaid, I and my company tooke our voyage from 
. the laid Aſtracan, and the next dap at a Tet (ume, palſed the mouth of the laid riuer being tber 

tie miles diftant, lying next Southeatt, Che 18 at a South wel ſunne, we paſſed by thꝛer Aland 

being viſtant nine miles from the {aid mouth of Volga, and Southſouth welt from chence, failing 
Southſouthweſt the next dax, at a Tek by North ſunne we fell with the land called Challica O. 

ſtriua, being foure round Iſlands together, diſtant from the aid thee Illands foptie miles, From 

thence Cailing the ſaid courle the next day, we had ſight of a land called Tuke, in the countrepof 

Che countrey Tywinen, where pirats and rouers doe ve: for feare of whom we haled off into the ſea due Eat 
ofCpwmen. faꝑtie miles, and fell vpon ſhallowes out of the light ofland, and there were like to haue peritier, 
Che Anand of efcaping moſt hardly: then the 22 day we had ſight of a goodly Illand called Chatalet, diftant 
Salat. frumthe {aid Challica Oftriua a hundzed miles, che winde being contrary, and a ſtiffe gale, we 
were not able to ſeiʒe it: but were forced to come to an auker to the lee ward of the fame fire mules 

off in thꝛee oꝛ faure fathom water, being diftant from the maine land to the Meſtward of vs uhich 

was called Skafcaylloz Connyke, acountrey of Mahometans, about © miles, and ſo riding 

at two ankers a head, hauing no other pꝛouiſion, we loſt one of them, the foyme and fea being 
gro wue very fone, and thereby our barke twas fo full of leakes, that wich contihuall pumping, ve 

had much a doe to keepe her aboue water, although we tie much of our goods ouerboond, with 

loſſe of our boate, and our ſelues thereby in great danger like to haue perithen either in the ſea 

els pon the lee ſhoare, where we ſhould haue fallen into the handes of thoſe wicked infidels, who 

attended our ſhipmꝛacke: and ſurely it was very vnlike that we ſhould haue eſcaped both cheer: 

tremities, but onelp by the power and mercy of God, for the ſtoꝛme continued ſeuen dapes, to but, 
vntill the thirtith day of the fame moneth: and then the winde comming vp at the Melt with faye 

: weather, our anker weyed, and our ſaile difplapen,lping South, the next day hailing to the hehe 
Tue lm at with a Welk fume, we were nigh a lande called by the inhabit antes Shyruantha , and thete we 
Sornanthe come againe to an anker, hauing the winde contrarie being diltant from the Capo Shatalet 
‘ 150 


eee ee 


DDr e ee eee eee een 


J. Anth.Fenkinfon, 


1 — 
th therein, it would be much 
were not Thus ha 
tation, and there remalnimg 
ur hartes and other warez iy 
oh Eng land, J deſited 

d my palport , ready to depart, 
ne that J ſhould not depart thar 
great fault to the frowardneſſe 
agraine the next day, and fin 
ations and obiections of things, 
till the Emperours Paicthe 
content, and within three dapes 
hat I Mould not onely patie tho, 
commendations to foyren prin, 
eto rehearſe: whereupon J ap 
pafopetaid,@ dined againe in hin 
others, and rereiuing a tuppe ol 
00 did not oulp giue me lettem, 
to me, to be done when J ſhould 
things in readineſſe fop the fame 
562, done by the great river of 
| hab great frendthip and cone 
niued all in health the 10 dapof 


and countr pes, as well ofa 

led from Moſco vnto Aſtracan, 

dthe ſame moſt amply vnto yon 
is afopeſaid, J repapzed vnto ie 
urs Maieſty, with greatchge 
during my abode there, but aifo 
es oz brigantines into the Cafpi- 
e rouers do accuſtome to hann, 
being before Departed in a ban 
ompany tooke our voyage from 
uth of the ſaid riuer being wen 
funne, we paſſed by three Naum 
chſouchwelt from thence, failing 
with the land called Challica O- 
nee Iſlands fortie miles, From 
d called Tuke, in the countrepof 
e haled off into the fea due Eat 
there were like to haue peritien, 
Illand called Chatalet, diftant 
ig contrarp, and a ftiffe gale, we 
he lee ward ol the fame fire miles 
vto the Melt ward of vs uhich 
bout miles, and ſo riding 
them, the topme and fea being 
at with contihuall pumping, we 
ok our goods oucrbooyd,tuth 
haue perithen either in the (ea, 02 
des of thoſe wicked infidels, ue 
efhould haue eſcaped both thee 
e continued ſeuen dapes, to hut, 
ning vp at the Melt with yr 
the next day bailing to the hove 
ute Shyruanſha, and there te 
diſtant from the Cayo f, 
150 


e Se; Lhe 
M:Anth.lenkinfon.. ofthe Engliſh nation. 367 


150 melts, and chere we continued bueill the third dap of Augue shen hauuig a fayze winde, wins 
and ſailing thꝛeeſtoze miles, the next day at a Douthead ſunne we arrtucd 


— called Derbent in the king of Hprcans dominion there comming to land, and ſalu - wervene, 


the taptaine there with a prefene, he made to me and my company a dinner, and there taking 
water d. 


— of Derbent is an ancient towne, hauing an olde cattle therein, being ſituated vpon 
mbillcallen Caſto we, builded all of freeftone much after our building, the walles very bigh and 
dan, md was firſt erected bp king Alexander the great, when he warred againſt the Perſiang u mighty 
an spedians, and then he made a wall of a woonderfull height and chickencilt, extending from walt. 
che lame cite co the Geoprians, yea vnto the pancipal cite thcteor named Tewiliſh, which wall * be. 

it be now rated, o otherwile decayed, yet the foundation remapneth, and the wall was made 
uche intent that the inhabitants of that countrey then ne wly conquered bp the ſald Alexander 
dani not ligbelp flee, no: his enemies eaſily inuade. This citie of Derbent being now vnder the 
peer of the Doyphie of Perſia, boꝛdereth von the ſea, adiopniug to the fopelaid land ok Shalfcall, ratte one 
lache latieude ol foyticone degrees, From theuce failing Woutheaſt ¢ Southlouthenſt about 8 0 degrete. 
firth day ol Auguſt, the peere aforefaid, we arriued at our landing place called Shabran, shabran, 
nher my barke diſcharged: the goods layd on Moje, and there being in my tent keeping great 
nuch fop feare of roucrs, whereof there is great plenty being field people, the gouern c of che ſayd 
named Alcan Murcy tommiug vnto me, intert apned me very gently, vnto mhom giuing scan qpurey 

iprlent, he appointed fo; my fateqard fortie armed men to watch and ward me, until he might ide gousrnss, 
gauenetves from the king ol Shyruan. The 12 dapofthe fame moneth newes did come from the 

hing, with oer chat J ſdouln repapyre vnto him with all {peed : and fop expedition, aſ well camels 

tothe number of fiue and fontic to carp my gooden, as allo horfes forme and my company were in 

seadinetle, ſo that the goods laden, and taking my ioutney from thence the faid twellt dap, on the 

r8ofthe fame moneth, J came to a citie called Shamackye, iu the ſaid countrep of Hyrcan, others 

wile called 9 Comes there the king hath a faye place, where my lodging being appointed the 

goods here dilcharged : the nest day being the 19 day, J was ſent fo to come to the king named Bing Odvoe 
Obdolowcan, tho kept bis court at that time tr the high mountaines in tents, diſtant from the wean. 

lud Shamackye twentie miles, to auoid the iniury of the heat: and the 20 day I tame before his 

preface, tubo gently interteynen me, and having kiſſed his handen, he bad me to dinner, and come 
waned me to fe Dotune-not farre from hint. This king did Ne in a very rich paullion, wrought one maietties 
nich lie anv golde placed very pleaſantly, vpon a hill ſide, ol ſirteene fathom long, and fire fathom arrpre of king 
dun hauing before him a goodly fontaine of faire water: whetok he and his nobilirie vid dzinte, bdolewwcan. 
be beng appince of a meant ſtature, and ot a ſtetee countenance, richly apparelled with long gar: 
mentgof Hike and cloth of golde, imbꝛodered wich pearles and lone: vpon his head was a tolipane 

nutha ſhurpe end fanding vpwards halfe a yard lung of rich cloth of golde, mapped about with a 

pleccof India ſilke of twentie vards long, wrought with golde, and on che left five of his tolipane 

ftoova plume of fethers, fet in a trunke of golde richly iuameled, and ſet wich precious ſtones : his 
eaterings had pendants of golde a handfull long, with two great rubies of great value, fet in the 

ends thereok: all the ground within bis pauilion was couered wich rich carpets, and vnder him⸗ 
Safe was ſpꝛer a ſauare carpet wꝛought with Muer ¢ gold, x therupon was laid two ſutabie cuſhi· 

a Cbus che king with bis nobilitie ſitting in his pauillion with his legs a crolle, and perceiuing 

that it dos painefull for me ſo to fit, his highneſſe cauled a ſtoole to be brought in. and did will ie to 
lethereupan, alter my faſhtan. Dinner tums then apppoching, diuets clothes were pep vpon the 

ground, and ſundzy diſhes lerued, and {et in a tanke with diucrs kindes ol ments, to the number of 

140 biſhet an J numbꝛep them, which being talen away with the table clothes, and others (prev, 

abanket ok truites of ſundyp kindes, with other banketting meates, to the number ol 150 dilles, 

nete bought in: fo that tuo ſeruices octupped 290 diſhes, and at the end of the lain dinner ¢ ban: 

let the king laid onto me Qupthe quelde, that is to fap, welcome: and ralled fon a cup of water to 

de naten at a founcaine,and tating thereof, did deliuer me the ret, demanding how J did like the 

lime, and wherher there were fo good in our counttey oz not : vnto whom J ankwered in ſuch 

fort, that he was thereinich contented : then he proponen nta mie fund hy quettions, bochtouching 

wligion, and alſo the ſtate of our countrpes, and further quettionty whether the Emperour ok Al- 
maine, the Emperour of Ruſſia, o the great Curke, wete ol moſt power, with many other things 

too long here to reheaſe, to whom Janſwered as Ithought moſtmeet. Chen he demanded whe 

cher J intended to roe any further. andthe cauſe of my commitas vnto that J antwered, that J 
tons fone with letters front the Queenes mlt excellent aieſty of England, vnto the great Tue guemnes 
Sophie , to iutrent friemthippe and free patie and for his Cafeconduct to be gener omg tera tothe 
1 3 1 i 


368 The voyages and diſcoueries AA. Antb. Fenkin[on 


. le ¢ ching then wom 
„ i unten and foptie in munber, he lleepeth molt in tbe day) dis giue one co t 
ames hold ride anbatwhing with many Gentlemen of bis Court: and chat they thould therm ne ig 
% i. much game and pattime ag migte be, twhich war bone, md many cranes killed : we retumed rom 
ba bathing about the of theclocke at the afternoone. The king then rifen, and teadyto dinner, J 
oil \ was inuited thereunto, andappoching nigh to the entring in ot bis cent, and being in his ia 
8 Dp two gentlemen incountred me with two garmentes of that countrey fafhion, ſide dome toche 
ST “hy ground, che one of like, and the other of fiike and golde, fent vnto me fromebe king, and, after chee 
8 1 they cauled me to put offmp vpper garment, being a gone of blacke veluet kurred faith 
edd : they put the layd two garmente bpon my backe, and fo condurted me vnco the king, before whem 
as Doing reverence, and killing his hand, he commanded me to fit not fare frombim, andſo J ving 
od: in bis pefence, be atthat time being very merty, and demanding of me many queftions, ands 
po | th mongtt other, hom Alke the maner of they? batuking , Dinner fo ended, J require hishigh 
PON ET de nelſe lafeconduct for to Depart towards the Sophie who vifinifling me with great fauour, and ay: 
on | pointing bis Amballadout (which recurnen out of Ruffia) andothers, to Cafeconduct me, be gur 
| ; me at mp departure a fapꝛe hele with all furniture, andcuttome free from thence with all mp 
8 7% goods, Do A returned to Bbam⸗dve agate, tohere J remepned brill the frtof Deeaber, te 
a ar proude cantels, bores, and other uecetuaices for my ſapd tatendediourney, — 
1 Che dettriptis FF bbb 
aq; em ot frau, noty called Shyruan, bith che totwnes and commobicies of the fame. Chis cowntrey of Hytcan 
i in times patt was of great renotume, hauing manp cities, tubmes, and caftles in it: and the kings 
thereofin time of antiquitie were of great power, able to make warres with the Mopbies of ar 
fia : but nowit is not onelpothertuile (ton that the cities, tohmes and caftles be detayed) but ali 
the king is ſubiertto the lad Hor die, (alchough they haue they: proper hing) and be at the com 
Danger bp bis Mandernent ot the ſayd Sopbte, ered them not manp peeres palled, fop then bineriti 
Fern im re- in religion, and caufen not onelpall the nobllitie and gentlemen of that countrey to be put to death, 
* but allo ouer and befives, raſed the toalles of the cities, to mne, and caſtles of the {aid realm, to 
the intent chat there ſhould benorebellion, ¢ fog they greatterrom cauſed a turret of free tone an 
flints: to be erected in the fapd citte called Shamakye, and in a ranke of flint ofthe ſapdtunt, 
Aarbaraus did ſet the heads of the ſayn nobilitie and gentlemen, chen exetuted: this titie is diſtant from 
crutite. = fea five, with camels ſeuen dayes tourney, but now the fame being much decaper, and chidtie 
iced wich Armenians, mutter citie called Arcath,bopbering yon the Georgians, isthe dye 
opulent in the trade of merchandize, andthereabouts is nouriſhed the mot abundant 
gro boch of ra fithe, and thither the Tubes. Syrians, and other ſtrangers do teſozt anderaffike, 
There be allo diners goor ard neteſſarie commodities to be pouided and had in this fain realme: 
epecommors Videlizet, galles, rougd and finooth, cocten wooll, allome, and tam like of the naturall grote) 
ofthat countrep. nere all kinde of (pices and dugges, and forme other commodititt, 
which are bought thither from outof Cat Judia, but in the leſſe quantitie, for that they beast 
ö aſlured to haue bent on vtterante of che ſame: but che chiefeſt connnodities be there, raw fikesof 
Rl all ſates, thereof there is plenty. Wot farre frumthe ſayd citie of Sphamakpe, there en 
| an olde caltle called Gulliſtone, non beaten dotune by this Sophie, which was efteemed to be 
1 ef Full- one of the Rrongett caftles in the world, and nas befleed bp Alexander the great, ongtimm ie 
i : none detaced. Fyre he could wine it. And not farre from the ſaid caffle was a unneryof ſumptuos building, 
i 2 wherein was buried a kinges daughter, named Amalecke Channa, who ſiem her ſelfe with 
ie N knife, fox that her father would hae forced her (the pyofeſſing chaſtitie) ta haue married witha 
EH C occafion tie maidens of that countrep dot reſot thither once eur 
Wye ; peere to A 
8 an ; in tountrey a quiffs, toppe 
‘| Allo in che laid there is a high bal caller Quiquiffs, bpon the toppe tubereof (as l 
| is commonly repoyted) did dwell a great Siant, waned Arneoſte, hauing byon bis head tu 
great homes, W A ena ore 


nth Fenkinfon, , 


——— 
abe granted to bis fublerres, 
both reales and on 
o rehearſe. This laid hung 
me » but alfo mente 


ugult eaforeti 
ng not being riſen out of big 


ing with beings 


pended, J required his high 
e wich great fauour, and aye 
, to lafeconduct me, he gur 
free from thence with all up 
butt the ſirtof October, te 


rney. 5 


re Meski, wich u fmrpewones lepuicheein the fame, which be caufed to be made in his life time, 


es with the Sophies of jars 
dcaſtles be detaped) but allo 
per king) and he at the com 
tes palled, for they dinerſti 
at tountrep to be put to death, 
taſtles of the {aid realme, to 


efed a turret of free one an e 


afore 3 
Ache forelapn Cicte of Casben, where the fapo Sophie keepeth bis court,and were appopntedto sige Soo 
5 not farre from the kings pallace, anv buithin two Bapes after the Sophie dummann, vbies mr 
me a called Shallie Murzey fonneto Obdolowcan king of Shiruan afwpetapd,to fendto 1562 
mets hab, who aſked me in the name of the ſayd Sophie how J div, and whither I were m 
health, and after did welcome me, and inuited me to dinner, I had great entertainment, 
add from thence J returned to . The next day after J ent my interpꝛeter nto the 

' ters diretted tro n our moſt gracious Soueraigne 


tu cy eo 
a es be chere, raw fhrsol 


great Curkes Amballadour zutiuev foure vapes befche n'y comming, who Saure 
dient thither to concline a perpetwull peace bertnipt the ee 1 ——— 


Ee eS en TE et ta ide bees te 
370 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Ant. len inſon 
—— — — ũö—d— — — —ęV —yt. 3 
nces, and much pꝛeuailed therein: Che Turke demaunder therefore his ſonne to bee 
285 and the Scphie refuſtv hereunto to conſent. But nom being Maine anceps ts 
Turkes will, the Sophie ſent him his head for a ppefent, not a little neliced, and acceptable ty 
the vnnaturall father. Biſcoutling at my firſt artiuall mich the king ol Shiruan of fundyy maps 
ters, and being intertatned as bath bene before declared, che ſapd king named Obdolocan, do 
maunding wobether chat wee of England had kriendchip with the Türken op not, J anſwend 
that we neuer hab friendthip with them, aun that cherefoye they toould not ſuffer v to paſſethugh 
their countrie into the Sophie his dominions, and that chere is a nation named the Tlenetiang 
not farve diſtaut from vs, which are in great league wich the fapd Curkes, who trade into his do 
minions with our commodities, chiefly to barter the fame foz rawe filkes, which (as wee vnder 
land) come from thence: and that if it would pleaſe the ſapde Sophie and other princes of thar 
countrey, to luffer our merchaunts to trade into thoſe dominiona, and to giue vs paſſepont and 
fafe conduct for the lame, as the ſapde Turks hath graunted to the ſayde Uenetians, J doud. 
ted not but that it ſbould gro we to ſuch a trade tothe molite ol them as nener befcze had bene the 
like, and that they Hout bee both furniſbed with our commodities, and alſo haue vtterante of 
theirs, although there neuer came Turke into ther land, perlwading with many other wider 
foz a trade to be had. Chis king vnderſtanding the matter liked it marueilouſly, Caping, thar her 
would vnite vnto the Sophie concerning the lame: as he did in very deede, alliwing me that the 
Sophie would graunt my requeſt, E that at my returne vnto bim he would giue me letters of ſale 
conduct, and pꝛiuiledges. The Turkes Amballadour was not then come nto the land, neither: 
any peace hoped to be concluded, but great preparation was made fa; warre which was like much 
to haue furthered my purpole, but it chaunced otherwiſe. Fo the Turkes Amballadour being 
CheCurkes arrived, and the peace concluded, the Curkith merchants there at thattime prefent, declared tothe 
wur Bend gp. Lame Amballidour, that my comming thither (naming mee by the name of Franke) would in 
Aenkmton, great part deſtrop cheir trade, and that it ſhould bee good ſoz him to perſlwade the Sophie not tu 
fanour me, as bis highneſſe ment to obſerue the league and friendthip with the great Turke his 
matter, which requett of the Turkilh merchants, the fame Amballavour earneſtly preferred, anv 
being afterwards diſmilſed with great honour her departed out afthe Realme withthe Curkes 
fornes head ag afcheſapd, aud other prefents, a 1e 
Sawer The 20,dapof Houember aforelapn, J was ſent fopto tome befnne the fayd Sophie, other 
rely at nog vie called Shaw Thamas, and about thyee of the clocke at after noone J came to the court, and in 
lighting from my hoꝛſe at the oer gat before, my feete touched the ground, a paire ok the So: 
hies one thoes termed in the Werltan tongue (Baſmackes) ſuch as hee himlelfe weareth thn 
be ariſeth in the night to pꝛay (as his maner is) were put vpon mp fete, fen without che fame thoes 
I might not be futferentotread vpon his holp ground, being a Ciniftian, and called amongitthen 
Gower, that ia, vnbeleeuer, and bucleanes efeeming all to bee mfinels and Pagans which doe 
not beleeue as thep doe, intheir kalle flthie pophets,|Mahomet and Murtezallie. At the ſapde 
court gate the things that J brought to pꝛeſeut bis maieſtie with, were deuided by ſundzp parcels 
to lundyp feruitorsof che court, to carp befope me, to none of mp companie op ſeruaunts might be 
luffered to enter into the court wich me, my interpreter onely excepted. Thus comming bene 
Qe Augenes di maieſtie with luch reuerence as J thought merteco bee vled, A deliuerer the Queues mits 
lertexedelince Mies letters with my prefent, which he accepting, demaunded ol me ol what countrey of F ranks 
red. IJ was, and what affaires J had there to do & bnto whom JJ anlwered chat J was of the fantous 
Citi¢of London within che noble realme ol England, and that J was ſent thither from the nul 
exellent and gracious ſoueraigne Labtec Elizabeth, Queene of the ſayd Realme. fop ta trrate of 
friennthiy, and free pallage of dur merchauntz and people, co repaite andtraffique within bis do 
mintons, fo to bring in dur commodities, and to carrie away their to the honour of both pin 
ces, the imituall commoditie of both realmes, aud wealth of the ſubiectz, wirh other odd bert 


omitted. We then demaunden me in what language the letters were witten, J aulwered, iche 


Uutinie, Italian and Hebꝛew: well ſe pd he, we haue none within our realme that vnderſtand thole 
tongues, IMbhereunto J anſwered that luch a famous and woorbie prince (as hee was) wanted 

not people of all nations within bis large Dominions to interpꝛete the lame. Chen he quellen 

AyeSoppies with me of the Cate of our countries. and ok the power of the Emperour of Almaine, ing Philip, 
quetions. andthe great Turke, and which al chem was of moll power: whom J anſweredto his contents 
tion, not difprapling the great Turke, their late concluded frieudthip conſidered. Then hee wale 

ned with me much af religion, demaunding lubether J were a Gower, that is to ſay, an unbelte 
vero; a Muſelman, that is, of epabomets lawe. Uuto whom J anſwerrd, that J twas neither bu 

beleeuer noz Pahometan, but a Chyiſtian, That is that Cayo hee onto the king ol Geoysians 


donne, 


FSS SSS SAZ SSS 


t Ayth.lenkinjin, 


ore bis foune to ber fene py, 
Haine accopding bo che 
te delired, and acceptable tg 
ug of Shiruan of fundyy mit 
named Obdolocan, 30 
Turkes o2 not, J anſwerd 
d not ſuffer va to though 
ration named 28 
urkes, Labo trade into his do 
kes, which (as wee under 
715 ones Princes of that 
21105 gue 8 palſepot an 
pe ſapde Tienetians, J ion 
as neuer before had bene the 
8, and alfo haue vtterante of 
ng with many other wopdeg 
aructloully, Caping, tha her 
deede, alliwing me chat the 
would gine me letters of fat 
n come into the land, neither. 
warre which was like nuch 
Turkes a i 


t bein 
attime pelent, Declareo tne 
name of Franke) would in 
perſwade the Sophie not to 
ip with the great Turke his 
2 dealme 1. preferred, and 

Realme wiehthe Curkes 


we the fapd Sophie, other 
ne J came to the court, andin 
he ground, a paire ot the So 
s hee himſelfe weareth when 
ete fop without the fame thoes 
an, and called amongttthen 
dels and Pagans which doe 
d Murtezallie. At the ſayde 
pre deuided by ſundzp parcels 
mpanie on ſeruaunts might be 
ted. Thus comming before 
eliuered the Queenes mae, 
ol what countrey of Franks 
ed that J was of the famous 
pas ſent hither from the moll 


e unitten, J a inch 
rrealme that bnberftand tholt 
Hinte (as hee was) toanted 
befame, Chen he queſlioned 
bur of Almaine, Ning Philip, 
n anflnerento his contents 
pconfidered, Then hee rales 
ver, that is to fap, an vnbelet⸗ 
tered, that J has neither bu 
onto the king of Gecgim 


bonne, 


| M.Anth.Fenkinfon. of the Engliſh nation. 


37 


fonne, who being a Chpttian was fled vnto the ſayd Sophie, and hee anlwered that a Chyiſtian 


pase chat belecueth in Iefus Chriftus, affirming him to bee the ſonne of God, and the greateſt 
Doeſt thou beleeue fo fapd the Sophie vnto mer Heathat J doe, ſayd J: Ohthou vu: 
feleener ſayd he, we haue no neede to haue kriendſhip with the vnbeleeuers, and fo willed mee to 
I being glad chereof did reuerence and went my wap, being actompanied with many of 
his gentlernent aud others, and aft er mee followed a man witha 1 afanet of ſand, ſifting all the 
swap that J had gone within the laid pallace, euen from the ſapd L ophies ſight vnto the court 


ins Arepatted againe vnto my lodging, and the ſayd night Shally Murzey ſonne to the Che curteſte ot 
of Hirc ane afopefapd, who fauoured mee very much koz that J was commended vnto him Selly pure 


erom bistacher, wille me not to doube of any thing, putting me in hope that A thouls haue good 
ſurttlle with the Sophie and good intertainment. 

Chis J continued fo; a time, daily reſoꝛting vnto me diuers gentlemen ſent bythe Sophie 
toconferre with me, efpectallp touching the affaires ol the Emperour ok Rua, and to know by 
whit way J intended to return into my countrep, either by the wap that I came, oꝛ by the way 
pf Ormus, and fo with the Noztingals ſhippes. Unto whom J anſwered, that J durſt not returne 
bythe way of Ormus, the Poztingals and wee not being friends, fully perceiuing their mea⸗ 


ung: fo J was aduertiſed that the ſayde Sophie meant to haue warres with the Poztingals, warres ino 
and bnuld haue charged me that J had bene come foꝛ a ſpie to patie through his dominions vnto Hagel ie 
thefado Porting als, thinking them andvs to bee all one people, and calling all bythe name of gas. : 


Franks, but by the mouidence of God this was preuented, 

Atterthis the ſapd Sophie conferred with his nabilitie and counſell concerning me, who per: 
fnaden, that he Mould not entertaine me well, neither diſmille mee with letters oz gifts, confines 
ring chat J was a Franke, and of that nation that was enemie to the great Turke his brother, 

ing that if hee did otherwiſe, and that the newes thereof Mould come to the knowledge 
ofthe Curke, it ould be a mane to bꝛeake their new league and friendthip lately coucluded: vife 
finading further becauſe hee had no nerve, either that it was requifite fop him ta haue kriendſhip 
with vnbeleeuers, whole countreps lap farre from him, and that it was belt loz him to fend mee 
nich my letters vnto the ſapde great Turke fora pꝛelent, which he was fully determined to haue 
done at ſome meete time, meaning to lend his Amballadour vnto the ſayd great Turke very ſhoꝛt⸗ 
lpafter. 


But the king of Hircanes ſonne afozeſapd, vnderſtanding this deliberation, ent a mau in poſt ene king or 


pnto his kather, koꝛ to declare and impart the purpoſe vnto him, who as a gracious prince, confi: 


dering that I had paſſed through his dominions, and that J had iourneyed foz a good intent, did in M. Ferrkine 
ite to the Sophie all that which hee vnderſtood of his ſayd determination, and that it could not lens behalte. 


ftand with his maiecties hon our to doe me any harme oꝛ diſpleaſure, but rather to giue mee good 
entertainment, ſeeing J was come into his land ok my free will, and not by conſtraint, and that 
ifhee vled me euill, there wauld few ftraungers refort into his countrey, which would be reat: 
ly bnto his hinderance, with many other perlwalions: which after that the ſayd Sophie had well 
ambdehoughly pondered and dilgelted (much eſteeming the lame king of Hircane, beyng one of 
the valianteſt princes vuder him and his nigh kinfeman) changed his determined purpole, and 
the ꝛ0. day ol March, 1562. he {ent to me a rich garment of cloth of gold, and fo dilmilſed me with 
out any harme. N 

During the time that J ſoiourned at the ſayd citie ol Casbin, diuers merchaunts out of Iw 
dia came thither vnto mee, with whom J conferred for a trade of ſpices: whereunto they anfines 
tedthat chep would bꝛing of all fortes fo much as wee would haue, if they were ſure of vent, wheres 
of J did pꝛomiſe to allure them, ſo that I doubt not but that great abundance chereof may from 
time to time be there pꝛouided and had. 

Che ſame twentith day of March J returned ftom the {apd citie ol Casbin where J remay⸗ 
ned all the Minter, hauing {ent aw w all my cammels before, andthe thirtieth day J came to 
the ſapde Citie of Ordo will, and the ſifteenth of A pꝛill vnto Zauant afceſayde, where king Ob · 
dolowcan was at that pꝛeſent, who immediately ſent for mee, and demaunding of mee many 
quettions, detlared that if it han not bene for him, J hau bene vtterly caſt awap, ann ſent tu the 
great Turke fo, a pnelent by the Sophie, though the euill petlwalidn of bis wicked coun⸗ 
fell, and that the Zieties and holy men were the chiefe and principall pꝛocurers and mow 
netz thereof t but the Sophie himlelfe meant mee much good at the firk, and thought to 
haue giuen me good entertainement, and ſa had done, had not che peace and league . 
ae aue 


372 Thevoyagesanddifcoueries M. Anth.denkinjon, 


— i nae 
haue bene concluded berweene them and che great Curke, Neuertheleſle. Layo hie, the Dopbie 
hath written vnto me to entertaine pou well, and pou ate weltonte into my countrep, and fo hee 
intreated mee very gently, in whofe court J re mapned ſeuen dapes, and obteined of him letters 

Priuiledges ol {afe conductesand pꝛiuiledges in pour names to be free from paying cuſtome, which J deline, 

Dabelemtan, red vnto pour (eruaunts Thomas Alcocke and George Len, at their departure towards perla 

whicbare fon pour affaires: and his hig belle did glue mee two garments ol lille, and fo dilmilſed me h 

bereatcer ane great fauour, fending with me his Ambaſladour againe vnto the Emperour of Nuſſia, and comp 
mittevthe chiefeſt ſecrete of his affappes vnto mee, to declare the fame vnto the Emperours maie, 

: Mie at my returue: and thus departing the tenth day of Appill, J came to the Citie of Shamachie, 
andthere remapning certaine dayes log prouifion of cammels downe to the Sea five, J lent fm 

thence before, men ta repappe my barke, and to make her in a readineſſe. And during my abore 

un urmenian in Shamachie, there came bnto me an Armenian ſent from the king of Georgia, Who derlartd 
fentromatter the lamentable eſtate ok the ſame king, that being enclofen berwixt thofe twa cruell tyaats nd 
de ung ef Oo migbtie princes, the layd great Turke and the Sophie, he had continuall warres with chem, re 

Seog. § quiring for the loue of Chu and as J was a Chpittian, that J would fend him comfort by the 
{apd Armenian, and aduiſe how hee might fend his Amballavour to the ſayd Craperour of Ruf 
fia, and whether J thought that hee would ſuppozt himoz no: and with many other wondes tr 
quired mee to declare his necelſitie vnto the fame Emperour at my returne: adding further chat 
the ſayd king would haue witten vnto mee his minde, but that he doubted the fafe pallage of hig 
mellenger. Unto whom J did like wiſe anlwere by wore of month, not onely perlwading him 
to fend his Ambaſſadour to Rullia, not doubting but that hee Mould finde him moſt honourable 
and inclined to helpe him, but alſo I directed him his way how the ſapde king might fend by the 

Cenerune countrey ot Chircaſſi, though the fauour of Teneruke king of the ſapd tountrep, whole daugh 

kal. r ter the layd king bad lately married, Andthus dilmilling the lapd Armenian, mithin tuo dapes 
after J ſent Edward Clearke pour ſeruaunt vnto the Citie of Arraſn, where the molt tine of 
filkes is to bee had, giving him Commiſſion to haue paflen further into the ſayd tountreyol Ce. 
orgia, and there to haue repaired vnto the ſayde king. And after my commendations premifer, 


and my minde declared to haue purſued for fafeconduct of the fame pꝛince foz our merchaunts to - 


trade into his dominions, and that obtained to haue returned againe with ſpeede. The fame 
pour ſeruaunt fourneping to the fapde Citie of Arrafh, and there finding certaine merchants qr 
menians, which pꝛomiſed to goe tothe ſayde titie of Georgia, comming to the bopders thereof, 
was perceiued bya Captainẽ there, chat he was a Chpittian, and thereupon demaunded wliher 
he went, and vnderſtanding that hee could not paſſe further without great ſuſpition, anſwwered 
that hee came thither to buie filkes, and ſhewed the king of Hircanes letters which hee had with 
him, and ſo returned backe againe, and the 15. of Apill came to Shamachie: from whente J 
departed the ſirteene of the fame moneth, and the one and twentie thereof comming to the Sea 
25 77 finding mp barke in a readineſſe, J cauſed pour goods to bee laden, and chere attended 

ire wind. 

But befone J pꝛocrede any further to {peake of my returne, J intend with pour fauours fome 
Wwhatto treate of the countrep ol Perſia, ofthe great Sophie, and ok his countrep, lawes anv ree 


ligion. 
Chereterips This land of Herſia is great and ample, deuidev into many kingdomes and pꝛouinces as Gil- 
don ot herũa. lan, Coraſan, Shiruan, and many others hauing diuers Cities, Townes and Calles in the 
lame. Euery prouince hath his ſeuerall king, 02 Sultane, all in obedience to the great Boybie. 
Checdiefects The names ok che chiefeſt Cities be theſe: Teueris, Casbin, Kefhan, Veſſe, Meskit, Heirin,Or- 
tis ot Perla. dowill, Shamachie, Arrath wich many others. The tountrey for the moſt part toward che Sea 
fide plaine and full of paſture, but into the land, high ful of mountaines, and ſharpe. Cache South 
tit boꝛdereth vpon Arabia and the Cat Ocean. To the Noꝛth vpon the Caſpian ſea ar the lands 
of Tartaria. To the Eaſt vpon the pꝛouinces of India, and to the Meſt vpon the confines of Chal- 
da, Syria, and other the Turkes landes. All within theſe donunions be of he Sopbies, nam 
Shaw Thamas, ſonne to Iſmael Sophie. This Sophie that now raigneth, is nothing valiant, al 
though his power bee great, and his people martial: and though bis puſillanimitie the Turke 
hath much muaved his countries, euen nigh vnto the citie of Teueris, wherein he was woont wu 
keepe his chiete court. Aud now hauing foꝛſaken the ſame is chiefly reſtdent at Casbin afopeſayd, 
andalwayes as the ſayd Curke purſueth him, hee not being able to withſtand the Curke in the 
field. truſting rather to the mountaines fop his ſafegard, then to bis fortes and cattics, her hath 
rauſed che fame co be raſed within his dominione, and his odinaunte to bee molten, to the intent 
that his enemies putluing him they ſhoꝛlld not ſtrengthen themſeluet with the lam. . 10 


im | © 


Bike 


BEEEECS TSE 


Anth len ya 


leile, fapd bie, the Bote 
pO mp coumtrey, and fo hee 
and obteined of him letters 
gcuſtome, which J deliue, 
r departure towards pperlia 
e, and fo diſmiſſed me 
erour of Nuſſia, and cum 
onto the Emperours main 
tothe Citie of Shamachie, 
othe Dea lide, J ſent um 
elle. And during my abode 
ol Georgia, who declared 
pole two cruell tyrants and 
mall warres with them, r. 
d fend him comfort by the 
he ſayd Emperour of Rut 
with many other wondes tre 
tenes adding further chat 
ted the fafe pallage of hig 
not onely perfinading him 
finde him mo honourable 
apde king might fend by the 
pd councrep, whofenaugly 
enian, within tuo dayrs 
a where the molt toe of 
the {apd countrep of Ge. 
ae ae premiten, 


e with ſpeede. She imm 
ing certaine merchants ar. 
ung to the borders thereof, 
reupon demaunded whicher 
t great luſpicion, anſwerrd 
letters which hee had with 
hamachie: from wbente ¥ 
reo comming to the Sea 
laden, and there attended a 


nd with pour fauours fome 
biscountrep, latwes and ree 


mes and prouinces,agGil- 
ownes and Cafiles in the 
ience to the great Sophie, 
, Yeffe, Meskit, Heirin, Or- 
e moſt part toward the Sea 
8, and ſharpe. Tothe South 
Caſpian ſea ard the lands 
vpon the confines ol Chal- 
8 be of che Sophies, name 
gneth, is nothing valiant, l 
is pulillanimitie the Curke 
wherein he was woont te 
fivent at Casbin afcheſtyd, 
nithſtand the Curke in the 
fortes and caftles, her bath 
to bee molten, to the iner 
with 15 


on Cis 


| T Aub. fen ufo. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


ymen end lawes, they 
oftoly chen 


ince fo; our merchaunts tw aW. 
. petteth) were bought bute pour houle, whereol 
pour fhips lately returned. 


* ö 
ited vnd himthe apparell giuen onto me by 
. 
im ſo to accept, that ö 
ee, forthe which J doe thanke vou, and will recompence pou koz the fame, 
toiling that A would trauell againe in ſuch his other affaires, wherein he was mindedto emy 
the! to nem J auſwered, that it was to my heurtte reiopeing that my feruice was fo acceptable 
nurn bis bighielle, acknotvledging all that I bad done, to bee but of durtie, humble beſeeching 
his gute to continue his goodnelſe unto pour worthips, and euen at that inftane J Gumblp reques 1 
led his maieſtie to vouchlafe to grauut vnto pou a new pꝛiuiledge moꝛe ample chen the fir, 
which immediately was graunted, and fo J departed. Andaftertuacds hauing penned a byefe 5 
nate hum J mant tu baue che Came miuitenges mave; Trepaivedbaily fo the Sertetatie fob the 
perfecting of the ſame, ¢ obtained it vnder his maieſties broad feale; which at my departure from 
chene, J delluered vuto the cuſtodte of Thomas Gloner pour Agent there. The copie whereof, 
imd alſo ok the other pꝛiuiledges graunted and giuen by the king of Hircan, J haue alreadie deli 
red vnto you. Soiourning all that inter at po and in the tineane time hauing bargat⸗ 
kid with the erdurs maieſtie, J lent away pout ſeruaunt Edwar ö 
th sae w alt made pꝛepatation for fending agapne into Perſia in meete time of the ytere. 
And connmnicting the charge thereof vt pour eritaumes Charnas Atcocke, Sevzge Nenne, and 
Richerd Cheinie, the 28,of June latf, I departed in porte from the fapd Mosko, and comming to 
Colmogro and ſo downe to the Dea fide; J found pour Hips laden and readie to pepart, where 4 
tmbarken my ſelle in 0 Tae ee tnd 9. ot Julp; on 
foure, and hauing palled ches reat and ertreme daungers ok! Arbe „ sever 
alee fe, be 28 ap of September at (oo bteppaplen) see afar here at Coupon in 7 


ing chut the couragtous aud bellnet fotitoter, whit abuentuceth both fame, mem 
toferte Maithfutty bia ſoürraigne, 
bini dark obcnined) neither for his guerdon 


373 
; his py of lfte peeves, and of a teafonable tate, hauing flue ctrimen, iis 
«epee bee capa ta een to cet Ye nec bint by value ciate 


kindof holyueſſe, and lalth that be is deſcended of the blood of Mahomet aud Mur 
5 theſe Werlians 


conmlexion, pꝛoude and of 
sr iin and Wen 
motterroncous, and allo cop all other their fathions, They be martiall deugbting in faire 
15 good barnett, foone phar il and hard people. Chis much J haue thought 
qoovrotreate of this nation, and nom J returne to diltvurle the pꝛoceering of the relt of my 


e ae bel i ig a faire binde, and comp 
f being readie at the Cafpian Dea five as ace ſayd, hauing a 4 5 5 * 
hoon tees hi God the obey of ap, one thoufand fine hundzed fixtie thee, wee arti: . 
led at Aftracan, hauing paſled no leſſe dangers vpon the Sea in our returne, then we ſuſtained in 
aur going foozth. and remapning at the ſayd Aftracan, vntill the tenth day of June, one hundꝛed 
annere being there admitted vnto me fop my ſafegard vp the riuer Volga, the fifteenth of Julie 
Merten a cb Citie of Cazan, tobere the captaine entertained me weil, and ſo bilmilling mee, 
Awasconducted from plate to place vnto the citie of Mosko, where J arrived the 20, day of Aa 
guſt 1 5 6 3 in laketie chankes be to God. with all ſuch goods, merchaundtzes, amd tewels, as J 
furprouiven as well fo che Emperours ltocke and atcotine, agalfoofpours, all hich goods J 
wascommanmdedto bing into che Emperours treslur le before it was opened, which J div, and 
Delinered thoſe parcels ol ares which were fop his maie lies account; videlicet, ppertous ſtones, 
an ight Fikes of Fentyy colours rea mantle packer mr ashi oh 
belongin , viz. Craskoe, mid ra wich merrhandi p account a 
Ranch) nent hende bn bern paetehecttimainen, anv cp rn was laden n 


gtothe Mosko, J cate Befoieebs Empel 


contentation, and the reſſ 


mateftie,and pres 
neſſe conferred with mee 


charge, and my proceedings cherem 
contentation, faping vnto mie, 3 baue pers 


emplop 


earke hither overland 


ethouland due hin 


daungers of late of 5 


On 


e 


374  Thevoyagesanddifcoueries.. Fbomas Alcocte, 


well taken of him for whom he enterppifen its So Aperteiuing pour fauourable beneuolenre tp 
me extended in accepting myttauels in good part to pour contentations dot chinkemp ſellethem 
with in great part recompenſed: beſeeching al nugbtie Gad ſo to profper pour aduentures, from 
time to time hereaſter to he made f reaping the fruits af my trauels (at pour great charges, np 
comp no finall bangers) chet pe map plentifullp gather in mv enion the {ane to the ittultratng 
of the Nueenes moſt excellent maieſtie, the bonour and tummoditie — ber bigbneſſe dum 
and to the ample benefitg and abundant enriching of pou and pour ſutceſſion, g poſterttie fo) tury, 


A copie of the priuiledges given by Obdolowcan king of Hir. 
cania to the companie of Engli[h merchants Aduenturers for 15 iA, 
Perſia, and Mare Caſpium, with all the landes and countries adioy- 
ning to the fame, obtained by M. Anthonie Ienkinfon at his 
being there about the affaires of the ſayd com- j 
pany, April 14. Anno 15 63. 
eobdolowean by the mightie power of God maker of heauen and of earth, appointed 
a V. and now raigning king of Shiruan and Hircan, of our meere motion and great good 
ves, at che earneſt Cute and requeſt of our fauozed and welbeloued Anthonie Ienkinfon 

: ™ Auibatladour, haue given and granted vuto the right wopfhipfull fie William Garner, 
ſir William Chelter,fit Thomas Lodge, H. Richard Mallarie, and H. uchard Chamberlaine, 
with all their companie of merchants Aduenturers of the Citie of London in England, freeliber⸗ 
tie, labe conduct, and licence to come fend their factors in trade of merchan die into our count 
and to buy aud fell wich our merchants. and others, either foz readie money oz barter, andto tare 
and abide in dur countrex, fo long as they will, and to goe awap when they liſt, without inpers 
ment let. oz hinderance, either of bodie oz goods. s ; 

. Aud further our commandement and plealure is, that the fain Ength merchaunes with der 
company, Chal pay uo maner of cuſtome fop mares, which they op their facto thal buy op {el nah 
dur Dominions, Andek at anp time our cuftomers oꝛ other ollicers a aux ok th. do dillurbe nuliſt, 
beter opconttratne the ſald Fug lib 155 555 any of hemo their factoys.co pap anp manerof 
ruſtomie on butte fo? any wares they baiting in 07 Carie out of our Dominios contratp to this our comp 
mandement, and the fame be knowen vuto vg, then wee will that the ſaid cuftomers and officers 
ſball looſe and be put out of their ſaid offices, with our further diſpleaſure, and the ſayd Engih 
merchants to haue reſtoped all ſuch maupand wares ag our cuſtomers haue taken of them fop an 
{aid tuliome. And whenſaeuer che fain Engh merchants oz their factors ſhall bring any mm 
of toates meet fop our treafurie chen our trealurer thal take the lapd wares into our treaſun am 
{hal giue vnto the ſald Cnglilh merchaunts, either ready money op raw ſilkes to the value of thee 
laid wares, Aud whereloener this our letter ot piuiledges Hall be ſeene and read within dur d 
minian, wer ſraigbtly will and connmaund that it take effect, and be obeird in all points, Dad 
at our place of lauat, the dap and peere aboue witten, aud ſealed wich our princely ſeale, ndl / 
med by our ſecretarie inthe 12. peere ofour raigne. 


The ſecond voyage into Perſia made by Thomas Alcocke which 
was ſlayne there, and hy Richard Cheinie ſeruant to the worfhipfull companie of 
Moſcouie merchants in An. 1563. ritten by the ſaid Richard Cheinie. 


le in w 
Panchen 


9 


ey 
ve 1 


Thomas Alcocte, Thomas Alcocke. of the Engliſn nation. 
ut fauourable beneuplency . : 
He eren ge ‘pavarrivall 2 51 wee were called befoze the king: wee gaue him a pefent, and hee en · 
path aduentureg ercaine® vs ö : 
— patna At our comming to the Court we were commauntedto come before che king, whe fate in bis 
tum pon the ground with bis legs a croſſe, and all his Dukes round about his tent, the ground be: 
ing courted with carpets: wee were commaunded to fe Downe, the king appointing euery man 
hisplareto lt. And the king commaunded the Emperdur of Ruſſelands Matchant to rife vp, 
and to giue vs the vpper hande. The 20. of Detober Thomas Alcocke departed from Sham- 


malie dugbt for wareg which they tooke of him at bis going ta Casbin. In the time J lap there, 
vs. Icbuld recouer but litle. And at Thomas Alcocks comming from Casbin, who arriuen at a 
countries adioy- cotune talled Leuuacta, wheras the king Obdolocan lap, a dap and a halfes iourney from the 
kinfon at his N wune whereas J lap, I hearing of his arriving chere,veparten from Sammakie, finding him 

om N there in laketie wich all luch goods as hee had wich him. During bis abode there for ſeuen dapes 
her made ſuite to the king for uch money as the dukes ought him. But the king was dilpleaſen 


wean king of ir- 
turers for Eula 


heauen and okearth, 


eere mation and great Thomas Alcocke ſeeing the king would ſhewe vs no fauour, and alfo hearing from Shammakie, *@™"esabe, 
beloued Anthonie jenkinſon that the Rufles ſent their goods to the ſea lide, foꝛ that they fearev that the king of Perſia ſhould 
pAhipfull ür William Gantt haue knomledge of the death of the Polerman, willed mee to depart to Shammakie with all ſuch 
dH. uchard Chamberlaine, mods as he had bꝛought with him from Casbin, I leauing him at the Court, 
ondon in England, freellber thirde day after mine arriuall at Shammakie, Ihadnewes that Thomas Alcocke was 
erchandize into our countries, comming on his way towards me. Then the king Obdolocan vnderſtanding of his death, N 
money oz barter, and to tun wmaunded whether he had euer a bꝛother. Some ſaid J was, ſome ſaide J was not his brother, rye wap ber 
ben they litt, without imped Mymehis fell out, pour wofſhips had no other feruant there but mee among thole heathen pens mage 

f ple, Tho hauing fuch a ſiumme of goods lying vnder my handes, and ſeeing how the Ruſſes {ene Spammakie, 

sand merchaunts with thelr thei goods with as much haft as they might to the {ca five, and hauing but foure men to fende 

lactoꝛs ſhal buy on fel bahn out wates to the {ca five, J vled luch diligence, that within two dayes after Thomas Acocke 
ANY OF ChE,do diſturbe, mill wpasflaine, I ſent in company with the Ruſſes goods, all pour goods with a Mariner, 
ir lactoꝛs co pay anp maner of William Auguſt, and a Swethen, fox that they might the {afer arriue at the feafive, being lalely 
ids contrary to this our co line in. All which goods afterwards. arriued in Ruſſeland in good condition, M. Glouer has 
ye ſaid cultomers and oli wing the rerript ok all things which J ſent chen out of thole parties into Ruſſeland. Concere 


nag my ſelfe, J remained after J hab ſent the goods into Ruffeland fire werkes in Shamma- 
lee, ſopthe retouerie of ſuch debts as were owing. and at laſt with much trouble recouered to the 
firme of fiftcene hundꝛech robles oz there about, which M. Glouer reteiued of mee at my com: 


aſure, and thefayo Engich 
haue taken of them lo eur 
factoꝛs Chall ining any mm 
| ates into our trraſurie an 
ate filkes,to the value ofthe 
feene and read within our de 
obeied in all pointe, Dated 
ich our princely ſeale, andiir 


mas Alcocke which 
tthipfull companieof f 
Richard Cheinie. As 


01563, J agappotntenbp 
gent in Rullia, to go l jen 
the charge of the voyagech 
oined with him in pour bub 
e port J cannot tel certainelp 
PD none, nop dil burſed anyof 
Il wbat ſtocke your worthips 
{ee them. The ro.of Hap, 
opage towards Perſia. Ce 
arted from Aſtracan, and te 
he (aid moneth we arrived a 
nmakie, where as the king 
people, fop the third 77 5 


menas are no riotous liuers, nop dzunkerds. Fa; if ſuch men coe, it will bee to your diſhonour 
mo great hinderance. ag appeared by experience the peere 1565. when as Richard Iohnſon went 
toPerfia, whofe iouriteß had dene better layer then ſet fortuard, F 02 whereas before we had the 
bathe among thoſe heathen people to be ſuch marchants as thep thought none like in al refpeces, 
bulicdous ining there ath made vs to be compted 8 3 

m 7 


375 


milie towards Casbin, lcaiung me at Shammiakie to recouer ſuch debts as the dukes ol Sham- Cam. 


fnthat the Emperour of Ruſſelands Marchant had ſlatue a Boler man at bis going tu Casbin. 1 ’ 


376 The voyages and difcoueries Arthur Edwards, 


Againe, ik {uch men trauaile in pour affaires in ſuch a voyage, vou ſhall neuer knowe uin 
gainẽ is to be gotten, Fo how can {uch men implop themſelues to ſerke the trade, that are inc 
ned to ſuch vices’ op how tan Gon profper them in pour affaires, But when a trade is ettabtityy 
by wife and difrreece men, then will it be ſoꝛ pour woꝛſhips to trafique there, and not before sfoy, 
voyage on market made eull at the rtl, is the occafion that your woꝛſbips thal neuer vnderim 
what gaines is to be gotten thereby hereafter. 


The thirde voyage into Perſia, begun in the yeere 15 63. 
by Rickard Tohnfon, Alexander Kitchin, and 
Arthur Edwards. 


q Aletter of Arthur Edwards to M Thomas Nicols, fecretarie to 


the worthipfull companie trading into Ruſſia and other the North 
parts, concerning the preparation oftheir voyage 
into Perſia. 


Was After Nicols, my bounden duetie remembzed, wirh delire of God for the metre 
/ uation of you and pours: pou hall vnderſtande that the ſecond of March F wan 

J y <Y Alva tent bp M. Thomas Glouer (pout Agent) vnto Ieraſlaue, appointed to recti 
the Miner of 7 ſuch goods as ſhould come fri Vologhda, as alſo ſuch kinde of wares as ſhuuld 

N 0 be bought and ſent from Moſco by pour Agent, ¢ M. Edward Clarke, 

meete for pour voyage of Perſia. And further. I was to pꝛouide fon biſcuit bert, 

beefe, and other victuals, and things otherwayes needefullaccopding to aduiſe. Thus Jtenn 

ned here vntill che comming of pour Ageut, which was the 12. of May, who taried here the 

dapes, to fee vs {et forwards on our vopage, and then hee departed towardes Colmogro,hauing 

Een db e appotuted ( as chiefe for pont voyage of Perſia) Richard ſohnſon. e my part q am toiling, 
te third uop. as alſo haue bene and ſhall be content, to ſubmit mp ſelfe vnder him, whome the Agent hallay- 
da. 00 pers point, although hee were ftrch a one as pou ſhoulde thinke in fomerefpeces vnmeete. Thi 
two packes ok carſeis are all of chat kinde of cloth that wee ſhall haue with vs. The ocher id. 

packes that Soul haue gone, were ſolde in Moſco. What other goods are Chipped for dur bop 

Age, vou ſhall vnderſtand by pour Agents letters. WMhereas Edward Clarke ( being an hontt 

man) was appointed Agent for Perſia, as one o thoſe parts moꝛe fie then any J doe knotwe hett 

God hath taken him vnto his mercie, whe departed this pꝛeſent life che 16. ort March lat pal. J 

wilher of God faz my part he had liued: fox my defire was in his companie to haue trauailed int 

inbarhe of 30. Perſia. Poti barke of rraer made here for the riuer of Volga and the Caſpian fea is very lille f 
at erallang the burthen of 30, tunnen at the mot. It is handſomly mave after the Eng lih fachion: bu 
Tsogrovate dünne it to litle fo pour goods and pzotiſion of victuals, Ache worſhipfull comtpante wont 
due. *" fende hither a Shiptnight,beiny Chiltull to make one of the burden of 60. tunnes oz move, dae 
ing but 6, foote water at the moſt when it is laden, I thinke it ſhould bee profitable, Foz if your 

owe goods would not lade che fame, here be Marr hants that would bee glad and faine tu gur 

great kraight to lade their goods with vs, whereby pour charges would be much leſſened: aud 

ſo it map happen, the wages ok pour men hired here may be lauen, and pour ſeruants and goons 

in fatre greater affurance’s fy their boates here ave dangerbus to lalle wich and co palde che Cal. 

io fea. There be Carpenters here that will doe well ynough hauing one to inſtructthem. 

gur wares bonght bere, aun anders taken (op thole chat goe to pour voyage of Perſia are yrt nn 
mowen vnto mee; therefore A can not ( as A would at this pꝛelent) trite to pou theres. pt, 

(as pou doe kyotue ) it was the Gourmnome nunde A could be acquaineet with greater aan 

thenebefe, How beit J not but Ithalbe intazmey of them that are appointed, and al things 

_ Gall be baughbt when they hall fee time and haue more lealire. N 
Thus lin halt 5 cat yor ahh yours into the hand of Aimightic God; the 
yreferue pou in perfect health wich mereate o wong. 0 
FTkiom leraſſaue the r5,08Bap 15 6. 6 
gn Aid 31. f By yours to commauade here or els 
where during life, 

i Arthur Edwards, 


; Another 


ates 4... 

e, pou ſhall neuer knowe 

to fecke — 

hohe ipa Lori 
e there, and not befope : int 

porthips thal neuer bnderttany 


the yeere 15 65, 
in, and 


icols, fecretarie to 
other the North 
voyage 


defire of God loz the eln 

the ſetond of Marth J ug 
eraſlaue, appointed to teteine 
ſuch kinde of wares as thouly 
tbe Edward Clarke, 
as to pꝛouide for bifcuit,beerr, 
g to aduiſe. Thus Jtenni 
ol Pap, who taried here che 
btowardes Colmogro,hauing 
n. Foz my part J am willing, 
im, whome the Agent fhallays 
ne reſpects vnmeete. Chine 
haue with vs. The other 1s, 
goods are ſhipped fo; dur boy 
ward Clarke (being anhonet 
fie then any J doe knotwe het, 
fe the 1 6,0f March laſt pal. J 
ompanie to haue trauailed ino 
the Caſpian fea is verp licle of 
ter the Eng lich fathion : but! 
‘toonthipfull companie wouln 
n of 60. tunnes 0) moyen 
uld bee profitable, Fon if hum 
mld bee glad and faine to gu 
would be much leſſened: Aud 
amd pour ſeruants and goods 
aile with and to patte the Cal 
hauing one to inſkruct them, 
r voyage of Perfia,are pet we 
fent) itte to pou thereof drt 
quaineed with greater affaires 
it are appointed, and al ching 


ands of Almightie Gor; whe 


imauade here or els 
g life, 
rchur Edwards, 


Another 


Arthur Edwards 


be Edwards, oſche Englſhhaton—- 


Hu other letter of the Laid 3 5 
2600 April 156. in Shamakie in Media to the rig N 
esu Thomas Lodge knight and Alderman: And in his abſence to M Th. 
mus Nicols, Sectetarie to the right worthi om ae u.. 

ding into Ruſſia, Perſia and other the North and Eaſt 111: 
pants, touching che ſueceſſe ofRichard Idhnſo nn 
aes inghe thirde — AS Moog Ct 


fill 


tte? 4 


= Dithipfult fiz, my bounden duetie remember, wich heattie mayer vnto Boop 
CAN 697 e eee 1 — 5 ö 
ip. I may pleaſe pou that my lat letter I ene you was from Altracan the 
Wage 26.08 Gulp 1565. From whence Richard Iohnſon, my felfe; and Alexander €pep de- 
„ Kicchin,vepartedasche ; o. ofthe fame, Aud by meanesofcontrarp . 
was the 23. of Auguſt belope wee came to our be ſired porte named Nazaiise, of Gulp 1365. 
There after wee had gotten pour goods on lande, with much labour and kerengthor men, as alſb 
wundleſles deuiſed and made, wer baled pour barke ouer a barre ol beach oz perble ſtones into a 
{mall River, fending pour ſhippes E mene bene a an houſe hired in a village there. 
bp, Audaſſdone at wee mighe get tamels being the fk of der hee Departed thence, and Seprember, 
eameto this towne of Shamakie the 12. of the ſamt: aud the 17. bay following wee prefencen 
gnto Abdollocan the Ring of this Countrep one timiber of fables, one tunne oz nett of Muce . 
cuppes parlill gilt, thꝛee mozles teeth, 4, arthines of Charles, thee pieces ol tatſtis, wich 30. Win 


fores, F 033M He, 
« Hereceinen our pꝛeſents with giuing vs chankes fo our good tulle vemaundeng if M. lenkin- 
fon were in good health, and whether he would returne into theſe parts againe. Wee willed vs al 
fobanicife to fie. downe before him the diſtante ok a quotes ca from bis tent, where hee fate 
with dtuers of his counſaile and nobilitie, fending vs from his table ſuch meate as was before 
bim: And ater certaine talle had with vs, hee ſalde il hee might perreiue oz knowe any maner of 
perlon to doe vs anp wong, hee woulde puniſh them in example of ochers, whereby wee ſhould 


lu in aud haue no cauſe co complaine, gung vs a litle houle fon the time. vntill a bet ama 
ta might be proutved in fuch place as wee ſbould thinke molt meete, neuer willing vs to rile o 5 


Wioillen vs to put our whole mindes and requeſtz in achat hee might further 
ur deũires. But while we were about to voe ſo, God tooke this good king our friende out of this 
gelen lite the 2. of Ottober patt, The want of dim bath bene che cante chat an pet wee cannoe The death of 
receluecettaine debts, Powbeit, we doubt not but wee hall recouer all ſuch ſunnnes ol monep de 2. ot Stta⸗ 
aun uwing vs for this voyage. As for Thomas Alcocks debts they are patt hope of rect serie, r 1505. 

ich had not bene lott if che king had liued. Tice truſt in the place orhim, Gov will ſende aß 
frieubly a king comarns vs: who by report ( and as wee be tredibiy infoymen,) Mall de his ſonne 
waned the Murfay : who fince the death of his father, at our being with him, pꝛomiled to ewe ba ‘Party the, 
mone friendihip then euer we found: God grauntthe fame, 5 9 * 

Great troubles haue chaunced in thele parts, Ok thole which were of the olde kings cor 
alec bare anp tule about him in thefe quarters, ſome are in pꝛilon, ſome ate pinched bp the 
H 3 17 1 55 the Sea 7 rena iad Toh cies Sonate tanatoe 

e not ſolde, as they mighe to moze moſte. Pour Agent Richard Iohnfon bought foure . 15 
lte minding to haue lent to Casbin, Alexander Kitchin, whome God tocke to his mereie the 23. Shame 
Schober kalt: and before him departed Richard Dauis one of pour Matinets; whole foules 9} Mb 
mathe L ond hath receiuen to his mercie, Wie are now dettitute or others to lupply heir roomes. 1565. 
Laute Mariners were fewe puough to {aile pottr barke, whereof at this prefent wee haue 
hneone, whole name 1s William Smith, an hone yong man, and one that doeth good ſtrulce 

Fm want and lacke of Mariners that ſhould knowe cheit labours, wee all were like to bee 

Cat ay in ame. S02 all the bꝛaad five of our batke Lape in the water, aud wee had much a 
dem rerouer it: but God of his mertie ve liuered vs. Mariners here, may doe po good fernice 
allthe winter ocherwayes: and Marthants here will be the glanderto ſlappe their goods in bs 
gang good fraighe. One Marthant at chis pꝛelent is content to pay twentie robles for twen⸗ 
tecamels lading kraight to Altracan. Such barkes as mutt paile theſe fens; may not dame n 
hour A oa 


depart, until fuch time as wee of our ſelues thought it conuenient, . the 


tue loote of water, becaule that in many places are very (hallowe waters, Eee minde 18 
— tenons Or, aakhep al rac orcs Wer a 45. 


And 


17 77514 
* 
4 


paine 
. 


e 
they may wbich bemz 
temaint 


neile to thefe tbat Call 


ill 
here, alebough 


Che unite: 
ae of Thos 
mas Alcocks. 


Co amomet 4 
noble man 
that fauoured 
our nation. 


2 


ſpeede in this io 


„ Fopall 
ings oz arcompts at no hande J might (ce oꝛ be pꝛiuie vnto. Pour 
karſeis were good and well ſonted, they are and will be ſolde from 1 50. ſhaughs to 1 60 che piert, 
Tivo hundzeth pieces were ſolde vnder, that needed not: one 100. pieces at 146. and 147. che 
viece: but more would haue bene giuen, ik circumſpection had bene vled. They were ſobe m 
hole noblemen afoꝛeſaiv, when as vet it was not knowen that J ſbould haue gone with chen, 

They map Kande vs much in ſteade, as they haue promilen vs their good wils in that theymuy 
doe. Mere is at chis time bought fog England, 1 1. packes ofrawe fülle, 25. and 26. batman be 
mhata bat ing in euery packe: The batman being 7. li. which map be 6. li. and a halfe of Eugliſh waigh: 
mant. heing bought here for 66 co 70. ſbaughes the batman. It is fine and good: litle courte atthis time 
was to be bad, And where courſe filke might be hav being at Grouſin, we could not fend thither: 
lo that time was neglected at the fir, Tuben wee ſhall haue lingers here to remaine in Dum. 
mer, we may bye it at che firlt hand of che Countrey people that ining it to ſel hicher,and to other 
places, J would to God the companie coulde finde the meanes to haue a vent to make ſales for 
the one balfe that wee may bye here. The Companie may haue foꝛ ʒ 0.02 40. thouſande pounds 
Wares agrent peerelp, : And as appeareth by pour Agents twopdes being at Vatas, bee and others lawe there 
wart ton file. gest abundance, that by report of diuers, pou may beſtowe (if it were not for the Curkes) fore 
tino hundred thouſande pounds: befives filke of all colours dien in graine, bounde vp in pound 
waights, J chinke 15 of our ounces to their pound waight, and here ſolde fo 23 haug hes, at 62, 

. Sanne che ſhaugh may be 1 1.8. 6. pente. f 
en From Aſtracan in 7,038, dapes, wee may ſaile with our barke to a place named Gilan:the 
Am. —- which plate in time to come, (A chinke ) hall ferue our purpole belt to goe vnto. ar 


ry | —— 
oe 


scape cen me 
gotten and obtained, 

trade fo ſilkes both * 
ies here, as to maſter Anthonie 
thꝛoughly aduertiledthe Cam 


ig not cextainly kuo wen. ome 
{aide ſeruaut was earneſtinde, 
chat he piocured his denth. Yue 

companie, falle 12 5 
ubt not though this iiftoztuae 
all be better belaued len tae 


we in acquaincance with vabe⸗ 
urs tothe chiefeſt of this Coun, 
entren into kriendſhip who ian 
other places of chete parts feta 
. lenkinſon, his uame is Coz. 
arp 3 a» his lider is the 
awe, not onelp to procurero 

ide mee of thofe that benin 
tion whereok, A was vpon {hot 
ard Iohnſon, all extuits lande 
any with theſe noblemen: with 
with their aduiſe, for the recoue 
aterpꝛetour and two boughe (er: 
e put in truſt whatſoeutt fhouly 
ſhaughes is atumen, rethouing 
ers of lables, one to be lalde ht 
per to gine as J thal (ee goodte 
fopas much as J am commenn 
Dehat hee will ſende mee well 


e aduertiſed by your Agent la · 


be lee or be pfiute vnd. Par 


1 50. ſhaugbs to 1 Go. the pier. 
0, pieces at 146. and 147. che 
bene vſed. They were folver 
ſbould haue gone with them 

heir good wils in that them 
e ſilke, 25. and 26. batman be 
and a balfe of Eugliſh waigtt: 
nd good: litle courfe at this time 
oufin, we tould not fend thither: 
dgers bere to remaine in Sum 
ning it to ſel hither, and to other 
to haue a vent to make fales for 
faz 50,02 40. chouſande eae 
tas, hee and others fatve therel 

t were not l the Turkes) fore 
in graine, bounde vp in pound 
re ſolde fop a3. haugbes, at 60, 


rhe to a plare named Gilan:the 
beſt to goe vnto. e 


Faber Edwards. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


1223 


go being 
be Walle var money rand 
oe 22 oft —.—.— A belecue, if any 


fm user 


amb marchants this point baue inquired of 

Rusfes anti ocbers that haue bene in thoſe pares, and found them all agreeing in one tale, and pet 
cee che lame to be true, and that all kinde of wares ere And from 
Casbin to Ormus is about 3 o. dayes trauailing tuith camels, 
yo — for {pices and ſume ugs which I doe 


thall vnderttand here is plentie of yew fo, botwftaucs, FJ caufed 1 loades to — 


vs for to knome the trueth: but they were cut out of ſeaſon this moneth of a pill the 
Suites in them. Chee moneths J neuer left (peaking to the Countrey men to bring fome, 
pan gent will feno ſome dome im example. 
This day being the 26 eee towards Casbin: Goo gine mee a good houre and 
well to ſpeede, wich a meerie heart in n mane hl to is A thatl, I baue written mp 
minde to M. Glouer pour Agent what Ruſſian wares J thinke beſtto be bought fo) this Couns 
treprandeo ſende fonte one hicher that bach che Ruſſe congue fo we haue neede. And the compa: 
nie lhall doe bby hereafter in taking of feruants to be ſent hither, to “api psa befuch as haue 
Diftredion and F N e eee eee andiſe: and one, 
ilthey can get lome Cuch)as can ſpeake the Portingall tongue, niay doe them as good ſeruice, as 
that (hall be here two peeres before him: ſo wee may bye a ſlaue that can ſpeake this 
Language and the Portingal tongue alia, which thall chen interpzete vnto vs in all pour ſetret do 


379 
Iren and — 4 fo? 2, bills thett bat 


Ade een es 2 


wip cas 


‘Che fecret ves 


iagi net making the Ruſſes prtuie : fo they ate (opie that we doe trade into cheſe parts, Foz wee tgs ofthe 


thelepeaple, It is to be withed that none ſhould ferue porte woꝛlhips in thele parts that be giuen 
e of bice: Aud that we chiefe Agent and Facto; ſhould beable to rule and gouerne 
Si egret ama 
is abop as charged to haue co & 
front a Teſicke one of this countrep men, who tilled him to ſweare that he knew not where 
the bap waz become, and he ſhoulu not pap it. Ar be were honeſt he might doe pour wolhips good 
ſauite becauſe of his Ruffian tongue. 
eee fent hither: for they will not glue aboue 1 8. ſhaughes their ar⸗ 
thine, Here be reds of moze opient colour being Venice die. The people ate giuen much to weate 
Heth: the common people {pecially were carſeis: and the Marchants of more wealth weare 
e a een to ſende fine op fire bꝛoad clothes, ſome blackes, pukes oz other 
may be aluardev at 20. haughes the affine and not aboue. It is here reported 
sete hb giuen the Curkes a great ouerthꝛowe at Malta, and taken 70,03 80,0f his 


Chus withing A had more time to mite, J to beate w my (criblen letter and 
An poubnue tz cher MNicols map paca fghtsvereot, eee 


By your ſeruant to commaund, 
Arthur Edwards. 


Commodities to be caried out of England into Perfia, 
with their prices there. . 


625 Mule are lolde thete for 180, 2. ce cattey is ſolde . 
i ie there in Perfia ko 4. li.10.s. Iq; euery ſhau 


5 PGS, rp bing 2. b. halle penie Engliſh, and in Ruffe Peel 3.0, 

2. sai Tinne is ſt ſobe in Perf n, and 18. ſhaughes the batman, The 
eee 

2. Bnalilis at 10. and 1 2. ſhaughes the batman, 

4. e ee sb aaa 

Se nee 


n 3 Commodities 


" aaebetter beloued chen they are : becaute chep are giuen to be munkards they are much bated of n panz. 


Orient reds 
of Denice die. 


és 6,0, Engle, ano . . 


(ne A A TS a, 
"380 The voyages and diſcoueries ef rtbur Edwards, 
— — Y 


eee t out of Perſia 
or 

2 — 

3. Ginger at 18. 20. augbes 

4. FRutMegs at 30 


at 
at 2. bills um abalfe 
ill the batman 


9. Cloues at 40. ſhaughes the batman. 
10. Dew fo; bome ſtaues, at 


A letter of M. Arthur Edwards, vvritten the 8. of Auguſt 1566. 
from the towne of Shamakie in Media, to the right worſpipfull the 


Gouernours,Confuls,affittants,and generalitie ot the companie of 
Ruffia,8c. Shewing his acceſſe vnto the Emperour of Per- 
ſia, his conference with him, his obteining of a pri- 
uiledge: with diuers other good 
obſeruations. 


Igbe woꝛſhipfull (fies) my bounden duetie remembꝛed, with mow humble com. 

a mendations and like requeſt to God for the preferuation of pour good healthes 

2 with the ret of the companie, gc. It niap pleale you to vnderſtand, chat the lat 
F letter which J Cent pou from hence was of the 26. of Apnill of this pꝛeſent hene 
by Richard Iohnſon at my departure towards Cacbin: to which Cite I came 


29 
chinks) — 
quetts : adhe 


vs and theft commodities. as alſo of K.Philip, what ouetthꝛom he gaue che Curkes at the legte 
Malta. And hom long we had traded into Ruſſeland and Mofcouia, and iu hat (pace wer might 
faile out of England into Ruffeland,¢ hom many werkes trauaile itis from Colmogro to Altre 
can: And then came to difcourfe of Ruffeland, and tubat townes the Emperour had wonne, detli⸗ 


Augnaze, bing unt; me bimfelfemott of du cummonties, In the end be kullled that pour moflttpoDb 


Facdalg ag. Send bts of all fonts of clothes, but ol one eſpettally, which mayoens doe make(as be lait) enn 
derne medit Karengi, I thinke it is Cietterne dolens died into fearlets, Time will not permit meets 

. er ite at large the coference which I bad with bis Maleſtie. It was ſtrange to his people( knot 
ö ing our religion) to {ee me ſo long in tatke with him, willing his Decretarie before mee to bit 
what he was okꝛto wit of London clothes, thyee oz foure of all forts For example being wel 

Hone and delt. Uiolets in graine and fine reds be moſt wome: but other good colours wills 

wap when they Mall fee chem. A moe a garmenf of London munten Nine emed. Yu 

ſhall doc well to fend ſuch forts as be liuelx to the light and ſome blackes for womene garments, 

with fome Ozenge colours and tatwneis, bert id bꝛoad cloth woꝛne. They talke much of 
Rodent clothes Landon clothes: anv they that knowe the wearing are delicous of chem before che cloth of the bo 
in Perus. mens making: fo they finde it nothing durable. Tod tober it commethto weare on the threcde t 
nich Wenice keuteth like paper. Were is much Venice cloth wozne crommplitted,a pard and a halfe bros, 
2 an aud (olde bere from 24.00 30, Hughes cheirarthine, bring longer bp two intches then the Ruf 
Ves, atthine is, J with allo that pou fend fame good chamlets ¢ beluets died in graine, wich purple c; 
oute ¢fine reps : becaufe theſe are malt woꝛne. Alſo ſonde blacks wich other colours: fomeclath 


of gold tiſſue ¢ botky, ſome velueta troughs with gold, with fattens arid damal ke s mold purple, 


and reds of all forts, Bou may nit foperet to fend ſome Nleſterne carſeis, to wit, doſens, which bee 
chicken well, and clole ſyutte in che weauing, being died into line reds and fone Charlets: lu 


— batman. The me batman is ae 
12. 
— | 


PEPE. Fo ee meme EST REPRER BESS ERAS Frag Hagge gg BVAgeee sai | 


eA rtbur Edwards, 


»f Perfia 


den banmun tern. l. c 


8. of Auguſt 1566. 
3 


he companie of 
erour of Per- 
ofa pri- 


houre, nos moment, to pant 
f the Shaugh being the 29 
intalke (as J n 
were my tequetts : n 


Coumtrey and what cam 
aber Conenreis bierings 
ee 
and in 

tis from Colmogro to Altra 
e Emperour had wonne, dels 


Ted that pour woꝛſtips boul 
ror muaetas be aie Dee 


Time will noe permit mer 
8 ſtrange to his people (kn 
Decretarie before mee to nuit 
all fonts Fox example being tel 
but other good colours wille 
et, h eſteemed. Dor 


giv fame rns 
9 e. ep ta 
hto weare on thethꝛerde it 
pliſted, a pard and a halle bios, 
intehes then the Rufle 


Chalets: im J 
ted, ad fome n 


Arthur Edwards. of the Engliſn nation. 381 


chinde there is no fuch cloth fon tbetr cappes, 

Monſbips (hall buvsritand that after mp lirſt departure from the pefence of the inte, 
J neglected no time red Empat them, who had my priuilenge in wyiting chat A might 
dane tein readines,at ſuch tune as J Mould agatne be called before the ppefence of the Shaugh, Guiana 
which was the 29. of June laſt. A was in apparell that he gaue buco me, with other garments to numen rere 
mine t, and one of pour feruants.Andthen J receaued pour letters, 07 puvilenge,ace 7282275 
countug tomy deficefealed and firmed with eye Shaughes one hand. Praiſed be God, whe bath 10 6 June, 

ith me, and for me, in all my ‘ 2832 

eee ande ene null baies, ſo that all his Nobllitie was there ype: ub tye priute 


ling betves other hac come perrely ther bup 
amd other wares and great fone of {pices , Allo the Armenians peetely receaue at the Venetians Soe 
duns kerfies in barter for tame fiikes,qtuing ſometimes 60, peeces ofkerfies for 70. batmans of the Wenerians 
fitke of this Countrey, and 40. peeces foz Groufine fitke, And kerſies ſolde commonly for ready 

mani in Aleppo at 11, and 12. buckets the peece, (che ducket being here wooyth 12. (hillings) 


map colt the fir pony 23 2. and eee ee eee Che diftance 


thistotune of Samakye to Aleppo , and from thence to Tripolis. fie baies fournep s and from fade Wege 
Thipolis to Venice water, a monethes o} fue weckes ſailing. As J learne, from hence to Ve- 
nice, may eaſtly be traue lle in leſſe then ther moneths. Theretoꝛe J with pour Moꝛſhiys to pro 
cure ſome truſtie and allurev friend there, to whome from hence letters may be ſent. Foꝛ I can 
hae them here to put in ſuerties to deliuer my letters, and to bꝛing anſwere. If J had aux other 
on mee, J woulde nothing haue doubten to haue brought pou the Shaughs letters that 
The Armenians and other, are deſirous to barter with vs giuing filke fo kerſies, and alſo will urmmians o 
aue bs of all kinde of ſpices, we giuing chem fufficient warning co fetch it in the Indias, and will zr harter Un 
delluer it vs in Shamakye, at theſe prices, aun {pices f. 
Pepper this townes batman foz 18. Shaughes:euerp Shaugh is fire pence, N 
Mares large fo; 40. Shaughes, and 45. the batman, 
Cloues for 40, Shaughes the batman. 
Kutmegs for 16. and 18, Shaughes the batman. 
Dinamon for 40. Shaughes the batman. 
Hn nt me tebe tall be ppotce and good done in {pices, with dꝛugges, and other like, in 


Ftom Casbin to Ormus, is fire weekes trauell, and from hence to Casbin is 16. daies wich cae 
meisfaven : but it one trauell wich a good ule vnlaven. it may be gone in leuen oz eight daies. 
And J thinke to Ormus, aud other places may be trauelten in like oꝛder and Proportion, with cat 
tell bulrden. But here in all places as men crauell,chep mutt carry their ohne youifton ou hon les, 
. — a 


382 The voyages and diſcoueries Arthur Edwards, 


—— ee 
Chespausy Che Shaugh himſelfe is deürous to bargaine with you, who will giue monie, ſilke, and 
bargaine fos twares as toe til an eke ou eren as te map fio cher, toiling me bintelfetn bing fet 
our common wares ag we might gaine by him. Che Armenians bp repoye and as I perceaue, bring from A. 
: leppo peerely and fire thouſamd peeces of herſies and clothes, beſdes thole which other 
men bꝛinge. If pour Monchtps might procure and finde went op ſales loꝛ rawe ſilke, and ithe died 
in graine, belides ocher fiikes wnougbt and made bere, by which, molite may be made, then you 
might lende a great ſubſtance of wares hither. But A feare pou {hall be hindzed by the Venen. 
ans if they map ꝛ fo J knowe it will grieue them, chat pou doe trade into thefe partes : fopin tho 
time it thall cleane alter their trade, and hinder the fates of theic clothes in Aleppo, and other ples 
tes adiopning ou (hall vnderſtand that Go. batmans of ſiſke is a Mules laing: and as it ist 
ported, one village of the Armenians, peerelp carrieth 400. and 500, Mules lading of fitke 
to Aleppo, and hingeth thence 800, 07. thoufand Mules laden wich kerſies, and Venice tlothen 
2oco.peeces Aud 18. peeces ok kerſies, are a Mules lading. But A with you not to ſende aboue 2000, pertez 
n of kerſies although I haue bene willen to dite for moje. A A might haue had anp onverttar 
fla, ding what pour NMoꝛchips had mitten for in pour letters ſent this pere, J Mould inthis mp ter 
ter haue bene better able to haue anſwered you. They which be now in Aſtracan, might haue wip 
ten lome ching vnto me hither ir it had pleafed them, oz elfe haue ſent me ſuch letters of mine, w 
A bope ſome of my kriendes haue witten to me: for here are artiued 8. weekes pat, two bote 
with ware aud Ruſſes, by whome they might haue vnitten, had it bene but 3. o) 4. lines. They 
pꝛomiſed the Ruſſes to write,but pomiic was not kept. I would be forte that any boate ſhould be. 
part out uf thele parts, and not white vnto them, waying how all chings Mande, J heare they har 
bought a boate, which colt 40, robbleg, and ſhipped certaine wares to tome hither, God lendthem 
in ſaketie. I doe carp their comming oz els J had thought to haue come to Aſtracan in thoſe boates 
which departed hence lately. 
beparees The fifteenthof July laſt, I departed from Casbin, and tame to this Cotwne the 29, of the 
am Een fame, And the fourth of Auguſt, J founde meanes to arreſt the falſeſt knaue in this Com: 
tde 15. al Auip. trep to wit. the Cuftomer,fop 22. tumens, and 1 oo. ſhaughes, (200. ſhaughes is a tumen.) J hau 
caulen him to put in ſuerties lam his foonth comming at all times: what end J thall haue wich tan 
God knoweth: the debt wil be recouered, hut not pet: for he mutt pap the Shaugh 1000,robbles, 
Theſe parts as pet are in no fap,fop lacke of a Gouernour op bead to rule, which F thinke ſhall be 
the Murſey. IHithin 5.02 6. dies, we ſhal knolw, fo; it is time, becauſe men are in feare to trauell 
for being robbed, Hf there were a prince placed, J ſhould foone get in your debts, foꝛ they dare nt 
diſebey the Shaughes letters, m pyuiledge : wherein be bath not onely witten that our debesthal 
be paid, but allo chat we thal be taken heede ta ſo as we need not to doubt, God willing in time to 
Richard Fob" corte co be here as wel wien as we are in Rufleland. Che bils of debts chat Richard Iohnfon tt 
negligence, with me, had neither che parties name, non ſunnne of money in two of them and in other bils, but 
' bis owue name. FE J had not vled diſcretion, in caufing to be written in our priuilenge, that ſuch 
debts as are owing, ould be paide any of vs in the ablence of che other, ſome men would not haue 
paid one pennp, but onely to Richard Iohnſon, uho hath witten but his owne name onelp in the 
bils. J receuuedin Casbin of Forac kan, in part of 29, tumens, 300, ſhaughes in money: the rilt 
he will deliuer me here in ſilke, and this is all that A haue receaued to this day. And as for Haw. 
rambecks twelue tumens, I make accampt, that if I could ride to ſpeake with him, J ſhouldbe 
paid in money and wares. Touching Ackones monep, by meanes of Duke Amedenbecke, tole 
lirſt omen the debt, becauſe they meant not to pana pennp, he did rather feeke to hinder my fute, 
then to farther mee: but J foumde out a pꝛeſent remenic : for God ſent me friendes that were ab 
waies about the Shaugh, and nail put on his apparell, who opened all my ſute, and brought me 
wfomomet to the prefence ofthe Shaugh,befopetbat. Coſomomet ſame the Shaughes eieg. But Coſomo- 
met in the ende was my friende: fo be was ſentfoz, and declared vnto the Shaugh, what good 
Warchants we were, ving trueth in all our doings, and howe wee were in great fauour withthe 
Emperour of Ruſſia, and tbat quod commodities we might bꝛing into his Eountrey, with other 
talke. And daily he was lent for to the Shauch, about the affaires in thole partes: fo no man was 
able to apuiſe the Shaugh ofthe ftate and affaires of thole Countries, ſo much as he was. He otved 
pour TIlozſbips ſeuen tumens, and 48. ſhaughes, which was not all this time to be gotten at lis 
hands: for he was at great charges in riding to Casbin, and giuing great guifts ſince his tom 
ming, which he twile detlared vnto mee. J feeling his griete, became Philicion, to cafe bis 
paine, and fogaue him his debt abouelaide, in recompente of tenne peetes of kerfies, that 
were pꝛomiſen him by Richard Iohnſon, and mee, to giue him at the ening our goods, 
in conſideration chat hee ſhoulde with ſperde doe what laye in him, to difpatche is 


——: ah 
iL giue monie, lille, andoches 
ſlling me bimlette to bring uch 
io I pevceane,bring from A. 
thes, hefines thole which ocher 
les koʒ rawe filke, and fitke din 
ung may be made, then zm 

Chali be hindzed by the Venen 
de into theſe partes: fopin thoy 
lothes in Aleppo, and other ple 
Pules lading: and as it isre 
ind 500, Mules lading of (ike 
pith kerſies, and Venice clothes, 
ot to ſende aboue 2000, peers 
might haue had any vnderſtar 
yeere, J ſpould in this my ter 
w in Aſtracan, might haue wit 
ſent me fuch letters ol mine u 
ued 8, weekes patt, twoboates 
it bene but 3,07 4. lines. They 
be ſozie that any boate ſhould de⸗ 
hings Lande, J heare they haue 
8 to come hither, God lend them 
ome to Aſtracan in thoſe boates 


eto this Cone the 29. of the 

he falſeſt knaue in this Com: 

o. haughes is a tumen.) J hau 

what end J ſhall haue with hin 

pap the Shaugh 1000,tobbles, 

dto rule, which 9 thinke ſhall be 

caufe men are in feare to trauill 
in pour debts, for they dare in 
onelp vnitten that our debts hal 
o doubt, God willing in time w 
debts that Richard Iohnſon leſt 
vo of them and in other bils, but 
tten in our priuilenge that fap 
other, ſome men would not haue 
but his owne name onely in the 
o. ſhaughes in monep: the til 
d to this day. And as fo Hau- 
to ſpeake with him, J ſlould be 
3of Duke Amedenbecke, 

d rather fecke to hinder my fue, 
wſentme friendes that were al 
med all my ſute, and broughe me 
Shaughes eies. But Cofomo- 
ed vnto the Shaugh, what good 
ec were in great fauour withthe 
into his Countrep, with 

in thole partes: fo2 no man was 
ies, ſo much as he was. He owed 
t all this time he e 
uing great guifts ſince 5 

became Phillcion, to cafe bis 
af tenne peetes of kerfies , thet 
nat the comming of our goods, 
in him, to difpatche ail 


eA rthur Edwards, | Dinter Bétwards: “oftheEnglifh nations: [ 4 


wo A perceaned be procured ochersshat did helpe me in my ſute to de lap me af ill time he had 
M purpole. I neuer dat in quiet till I had the Pꝛinces pꝛiuiledge, had got me out of Casbin: 
fy victuals,andall other things are verp dert there, becaule they arebyong ie thither from far off, 3828 2 
geln ell acher (nal vebes (which map be about 7. tumens) when dur Marchants are come bie i. Calm. 
ther, we ſhal fecke to get them in as we may. I wiſh potit TRoꝛſlips to (end ſome bollion to be cote 
nen here it will pleaſe the prince there, x be pꝛolitable to vou. Dilke is better cheape bp 2. and 3. 

es the batman then it was wpa pere. Douthal vnderſtand chat J haue wriccen 2. letters 
df eeedinas which Alen ktom Casbim long fine t wittthe 2 4. and 29H Tune alt, bp 
one feruqntsto Gilan,there to cake ſhip and ta goe to Aſtracan, id to delluet dhe ſame vn⸗ 
w pout kactozs, which might baue bene to their quietnes and mine, long ago. But q am right fo 
neto heare fince my comming lither, that he hath plaied the loitering marchant in Cilan, not go⸗ 
ing in thoſe boares that went firſt but taried foꝛ the lak boates. But I will teach him ta the exam · 
ple of other how he hal make hatte hereafter in (uch affaires, The kerlieg which vou leut lat, be⸗ 
ingbought of Pattee Quarles, were good and full lengths, and well forten, The Punces Am⸗ Ihe umballa- 
paflado of Gilan was in Casbin, at mp being there. J hope in God, il J temaine here, aud may go 2 oF Abe 
tp Gilan tu obtaing fo pour CcAcnſhips the like pꝛiuiledqge at the kings hand there alſo. Foz J ett 
haue lomething moued the matter, being put in luch comet, that J doubt not the getting thereof en 
wih lmall charges: which J had done at this time. ir A had had other here with me to put in truſt si 
fo froin Casbin to Gilan, is but 5, daies riding, which Contrey may be profttable to your (Coy asian but fut 
hip. There is in that Pꝛouince, good More of tke, better cheape, and better in goodues chen this dates riving 
Counttey filke is. Allo great fore of allam being there (old this townes batman oz one bift and m Cam. 
abalfe. haue made reckoning, al charges boꝛne from hence to Colmogro, ¢ from thence fraighe 
into Eugland at chee pounds the tunne, all charges accompeen, will not ſtand pott in aboue 1 8, 
ind 20, hillings the hundꝛeth. Nou may haue prerely by repoꝛt, two oꝛ thnee hundzed tunnes la 
dung. Other commodities chere for England, J heare not of. As for gals here to be bought. chere is Cals. 
no pdoũt to be done bythem. They be brought fram Aleppo, fold here not vnder 3,0; 4.fhaughe 
their batman, being ſixe pounds Engliſh weight. Graine that pou dye ſcarlet withall is woch the Sraint. 
bauma ready money, 200. ſhaughes reckoning the ſhaughloz 6. pence Ruſſe it may be 6.robbles 
their batman. Pour CAAoꝛſbips may {err ſome portion ok money, if you map buy, as Ithinke pow 
may fo) 12, and 1 3, ſhillings a pound the berries ſo pou ſhall gaine both in the price, and waight. 
Ione Engliſhman more had bene here with me, to whome J might haue deliuered our bils of 


ækiubts and other things, whaͤtſoeuer ſhould haue chanced of me, N would then haue become ſeruant 


wo mine Interpꝛetoꝛ, av ſo haue gone to Ormus, and Aleppo, which both ioyne on the boꝛders of mus. 
this Countrep, being the chiefe Marte Townes, whereunto from all places Parchants reſdzt. dle vo. 
And chus would J haue Kpent 4.02 5. moneths in trauelling foꝛ farther knowledge of things, ty 
wo haue teytified pour Wrothip of. hope in God to vfe things in fitch oꝛder that peerelp pou ſha 
haue retutne of pour goods from heute. as pou haue fooꝛthof Ruſſeland, and in thole ſhippes. Foz 
we may, as J doubt not with diligence, pꝛouide to make fales in time, and with fpeene receaue 
like at the Shaughes hand, and other meus that it may be ſent from hence to be in Aftracan at the 
beginning of Apzill, rom whence it may be ſent to Colmogro in chꝛee moneths and leſle, e there 
tobereabp with the reft of pour goods, bythe ende o June, for pour ſhippes to receaue, that will 
betime inough. Chis J doubt not to bring to pale within a peere oꝛ two, when we are thꝛoughly 
ſetledin chefe parts, and better knowen. Mozeouer, pou Hall vnderſtaud, that at my lalt being in 
themefence of the Shaugh, it was ſaide to me, that Mater Anthonie Ienkinſon did pjoffer to take M. ungbeng 
all he ratue ithe in chofe parties neliueting cloth, and other commodities fo; the fame. Jallure de 
pou,there is in thole parts to be had chee oꝛ folmre thouland horfes lading, euery horfe loade being Verdun 
Jo. 60. bat mans, beſive filke ol Oroſine, Great aboundante of ſilke ar times is ſent aut oktheſe 
hurts co wit, 4. o) 5. hundꝛed hozſe laades at a time, by the Turkes, who brine great ope of ſiluer 
tobe coyned. co wit, Dollars at ten ſhaugbes the peece, Che Flungarie Ducker is at 12. Haughs. 
Gnd hauing monie in teavines at the time of the pere, they bup lilke the bettet rheape, when the 
Countrep men bzing it firck ta be lalde. If pour Tiofſhips map bargaine with the Venetians eu 
take fitke at pour hans , oz otherwiſe deale wich them, J do not miftrutt but to haue ar p Shaughs 
bind fire batmans of lilke for two peeces and a halke of kerles. Dour good abu ſe hetein and in o⸗ 
matters, J truſt you will toptee with conuentent fpecde, Malter Anthony lenkinſon hath ve! op anthony 
great commendation at all pour UloxChips bande: for che good repoptat bis well and wile nnen. cde 
dung in thote parts, was oftentimes a cumkoꝛt tu me to heare thereof,md forte goon helpe to me ö 
inm potte dinge. To thin diy A neuer heard fromayp of aur Merchentg „. Hon grant mein 
heath d fee pour Ctonthips : for A baue had acavefull trauell, with manp aforrotefull map, and 


The voyages and diſcoueries eA rsbur Edwards, 
vnqui iet ſleepes. Neither bad Athe companie alone Englilh perſou, to whom ſometime 8 J mite 
baue eaſed my penſiue hegt, as God wellknoweth, who hath de liueren me from mme enemies 
Thus ſimigheie Gov grant vou in health and wealth, long to line, 1 


Dour humble ſeruant at commande ment during life, 


Arthur Edwards. 


Another letter of Arthur Edwards, written in Aftracan, the 
16. of lune, 1567. at his returne in bis finſt voyage out of Perfia, 
to the right Worfhipfull eompanie, trading into Ruffia Perſia, and o- 
ther the North and Northeaſt partes. 


mw pleaſe pour CMoiſbips, chat herein J haue witten not onely cereaing 
177 articles of pour priuiledge,but allo the Gouernours names, with the Conti, 
3 "whey! Alliſtants, and generallitie. Allo ſuch commodities as the Prince n 
dor olche Countrep bath written in one ok his letters, ditecten to your 

bps co be ſent him, with other notes, which J thought good to be 

ds map appeare hereafter following. Pour piuiledge is wntten, granted, any 
sien in¢he names ol thele fire perfons following to wit, fir William Garrard, fir William Che- 
1 


er gouernours, fir Thomas Lodge, patter Anthony Ienkinſon, (after Thomas Nichols am 


Arthur Edwards. 


1. Firſt it is granted that pou ſhall pap no manner of cultomes, 07 tolles. any kind of ape, 
now ng in time comming snto his heires after him. Aud that all Engliſh Parchants uchas 
pou ſhall appoint nowe, uid hereafter hall and may paſſe and repafle into all places of his tom: 


fals aud other Countrepes adiopning, in the trade of marthandile, to buy and fell allmamertt 


gortuntodities, with all manner of perfons, ; 

2, Nem chat in all places wbere any of our Marchants {hall haue their refoze,op abining tis 
chiete Goucrnours Rulers, and Juttices Mall cake heede vnto vs, being our aide andvefences 
gaint all euill perlang, puniſhing thole that thal doe vs auy wong. 

3. Item chat foy all {uch debte as thall be owing by any manner of perſon, iultice ſhullbe 
done on the partie, aud we paid at the day. a g 8 
4. Jem that no manner of perfon,of whatſoeuer effate oz degree they be of, Mall be fo nn 


s to take anp kind of wares oz any guifts, without any leaue and good will. 


5. Item i by chance medley any of our Marthante oz ſeruante, as God fopbiv, oul killt 


* bp of bis lubiecte that no part of pour goods (hall be couched op medled wichall neither anp parte 


Dut che offendour,and true iuſtice co be miuifren, and being anpof vs, not to ſuffer withourthe 
Buntes knowledge. and aduiſe. 1 85 

6. Item chat all ſuch debts as are nowe owing, oꝛ hereafter ſhall be, re to be pride vnto my 
of vs. in the ablence of the other, be the partie dead, oꝛ aliue. 

- Je. Itemthat uo perſon returne aup kinde of wares backe againe, being once bought m 


lde. 
8. Item chat when God ſhall fn pour goods to thoare, pꝛeſently his people ſhall helpe bs 
a land wich them. 
Thele articles before bitten, I truſt in God will content pour mundes, vntill pour fareherler 
ters be hitherto written vnto the Princes who Jam alſured will grant pour farther reaſonable 


requeſts, which bis aieſtie hath pꝛomiſed. Fo; I moued the queſtion, declaring onto him chat J 


thought our Moꝛchips would write pour letters of requelis, to craue his farther good will, a8 
Chould be thaug he meete fo? pour better aſſurauce in thetrade ol marchaudize: pou will hardlybe 
leeue uhat tong vag talke he had with me, tobich J allitre pou continued two bouts, 
which was ſtrange ulito the people, and other Marchant ſtrangerg. Fon betwixt euery quettion 
that his Paieſtie moued, when J had anſ wered him, he would talke with his Robles, and other 
his ſeruanta, hauing fome knowledge ol our Nleſterne partes and commodities and then again 
would demand other quettions, He caufed his Secretarie to wie the articles before named in a 


ok bis foure letters giuen me (whereok two as J required, are in the Curkith tongue to be ent 


vou.) On the backe fine of one, he hath witten what wares his CDaiettie would to lende 
bim. He helo me one houre wichen night before 3 — eomt bm sui ee 
Theſe be the names of the wares or commodities which on i 


Inder chere, 


—̃ eee 
u, to ihm ſametimes q migte 
liueren me from mune enen 


wement during life, 


en in Aſtracan, the 
Mage out of Perf. 

uſſia, Perſia, and o- 55 
28. 

aue Written not onely tertune 
outs names, with the Conſuz 
odities as the inte o 
letters, directed to pour 
thought good to be 

uiledge is witten, 

iam Garrard, ſir William Che- 
„Malter Thomas Nichols am 


8,02 Colles, any kind of waycz, 
UeEnglich Parchants, ſuch as 
ale into all places of his dum 
ile, to bup and fell all manner il 


haue their reſont, o; abidung, bis 
„, being our aide and delence z 


ng. 

anner of perfor, iultite hnilbe 

r chall be fo barvie 
wit, 

uus ast Gad knbid mille 


poled withall neither anp parte 
pF vs, not to ſulfer toithourtte 


Againe, being once bougſt o 
ently bis people Mall helpe bs 


mindes, vntill pour fartherler 
grant pour farther realonable 
Hon, declaring vnto him that J 
aue his farther good will, a 
urchaudize: por will hardlybe 
re pou continued two hour, 
. Fan betwixt euery quettion 
ke with his Nobles, anv other 
b commodities and then again 
the articles befmenamen,inal 
the Turkilh tongue to be lat 
naieſtie would haue pouto lende 


m. 
rdities which on the 
"bade 


ball be, are to be prive vn u 


in Alrat an the 


Arthur Edwards. ofthe Englifh nation. 
« backefide of one of his letters, the Shaugh hath written to Jon to be 


fent him. - 


7 clothe ok golde, with cloth of tyſſue, and clothof bockp, as UAeluets wꝛought with 
olde. H e 
oem good belucts,to wit, cremoſins, purples, reds, greenes, aud blackes. Cheſe colours his 
opaicttic requiteth : foz they are mo woꝛne. nd though there be ſome of theſe wares made in his 
Citie of Cafthan, yet nothing like in goodnes, to thoſe that you may procure for him. Small pro 
fite A thinke will be in theſe wares: pet for diuers confiderations , as allo to {atiffie the Princes 
minde, I wilh pou ta fend ſome, and thoſe that be eſpeciall good. 

tem good wamatks and latin, of all forces, with an hundzed peeres of good chamlets, which 
ate worth here 80, ſhaughes the peece,at fire pence the ſhaugh, and thoſe filkes to be of thoſe co 
outs aboue witten, to wit, cremoling, purples, reds, greenes, blackes, with ſome light watchet 
colours, 
Hem chrec oz foure complete harnefles that will abide the ſhot of a handgunne, with tenne oꝛ 
twelut targets of ſteele, being good. f : 

Ftem ten oꝛ twelue good fixers of male, being verp good, a elſe none, that map abideghe ſhot 
of an arrowe and two buffe ierkins. 

tem ten oz twelue peeceg ol TMeſterne kerſies, being thickers well and clofe ſhut in the weas 
ing and died into ſcarlets, and fine reds. Ithinke there wil be no ſuch cloth for Noblemens caps, 


The inte named them karangies, ſaping, that maidens did make them, and is deſirous of 4 By the won 
them. 
Item fire peeces of fine Holland cloth foꝛ the Hinte, with fome other for Moblemen, of a lower meane heres, 


e. 
Item twentie handguns being good, ſome of them with fire lockes, and alfo fire good dage, 
bith lockes to trauell withall. 
Atem 100. huſſhes fo garments, (none made of l wines baire, ) loʒ quifts and vcher toil to be 


ſolde. 

Zum fire fone bo wes that ſhoote lead pellets. 

Item a mill to grinde cone in the ſield as they goe, finely deuiſed; foꝛ Cozomomet willed me 
to mite fo, one to be ſent, to giue the Mince. 5 

Jem the Prince requireth of ali ſoꝛtes and colours of London clothes. I miſh pou to ſende n 
liſ then 40, 0} 50, for I knowe they will be folde tu pꝛoſite, eſpetially ſuch cloth ag map be af 
boa ed fo; 20. ſhauges the arſhine, which is longer by two ol mine ynches then Ruffia arthine is. 
Letthere be fine ſtar lets, violet s in graine fine red blackes, bꝛowne blewes, foure oz ſiue of eue⸗ 
ty fort foꝛ the Pꝛince, and other Loꝛdes: the reſt of other colours liuely to the fight, ag London 
tulle, tawnies, L ion colours, good liuely greenes, with other, as pou ſhall thinke good: for the 
Prince deſſreth to fee of all forces, which will be an occafion, that the Venetians and Turkes {hall 
bein elle eſtimation then they are: fox they themſe lues doe feare, aud lectetly ſapthe fame. Aud 
pe Princes ſubtects intend to enter into trade with vs fog ſpices, and other conmmonitics, 
that they were woont to lell vnto the Venetians. and Turkes. N 
Thug J ere er all to God, tubo lend pou health, with ĩncreaſe of Mozſhiy. Mitten 

1 * 11 1 71 » 


June, 73567 ö 
7 : By pour ſeruant during life to command 
tf Arthur Edwards, 


Diftances of certaine places in Rufsia. 


I k)hbe way from $, Nicholas Bay to i . verſleg 

Mosko. To Yetaflaue 180 

verſtes. To Roſtoue 60 

CoColmogro 5.4.10. 100 CopPeraſlaue 60 

CoVitiug 500 )@o Mosko 120 
To Tokma f 8 250 a 


By land Catt n Tek 7 440 


GoVologhda 250 
All by the riuer ol Dwina 7 1190, 


The way from Moſco to * 
0 


386 The voyages and diſcoueries Diffances of plates, 


To Moram is 300 
To Smolensko 200 
The way from Moſco to Neuegorode. 
To Ottuer is 180 
To Torzhoke 60 
To Wifnouolloko 60 
To Nouogorode 150 


out heaſt aud Nonthweſt 7 450 


The way from Nouogorode to Narue. 
To Teſeua a 
To che Friers 

To YriaNiagorod 
To Narue 


Southwelt anv Nuntheaſt 
Frém Nouogorod to Vebsky,is 180. 
V 


n es by Eaſt. 

The way from Vobsky to Nie in Liefe land: 
To Newe houſe 30 
Co hie the borders 
So Wen verſtes 
To Trecado f 
To Newſlot Allis 18 
To Rie : 

The way from Mofco to Aſtracan. 
To Coſtrom N 
To Niſnouogorod 
To Cazan N 5 
1 Aſtracan in all is 1 5 ong 
The way from Vologhda to Narue. 
To Belozerco 
To Batag 
‘| So Wiceggen 
To Ladiskie 
Co Onego lake 
To Oher 
To Narue 


SSourhinett Rowheatt f. vagen 


; To goe with a ſmall boate within 
the land fromS.Nicholas 
to Wardhouſe. 


Newnoxtiuer, 
To Ouſca Gouba 
To Lobſhanga 
Co Ouſt Nauclockie 
To Orlouanos To Wardhoufe 
Co Solufca Monatteriv, | in all 800. verſt 
To Candeloxe orthweft and 
Co Ouſt Colla Southeaſt. 
To Zhemaker 
To Poganna Volockie 
To Chibe Nauolocke 
To Kegor 


The ay from Colmogto to Mizemske 
Sloboda,where the Samoeds keepe 
their Marte. 


To Vſt Pinnago 
To Palango 

To Leunona 
Co Veſcom 
To Soyaua 

Co Coula 

To Nendega 
To Lampas 

To sloboda 


, Wis 230. berftes, 


The way to Vromo from Mezemske 
Sloboda,where the loth hides 
are gotten. 


CC Lampas 


Cozapoll , 
€oViemo South 


y » f °n:: 7 : a „ 
The way and diſtances from S. Nicholas, to the Caſpian fea. 
i pou coe ftreigtt from S. Nicholas, tothe Caſpian fea, pou muſt goe ta Vologhda bp dam, 
as by the eaſieſt pallage . and that is accomplithed paſling day e night, in 1. 4. daieg,€ 14. nige 
in boates cut out of a tree: (che boates are called Stroogs) 1 100. berſtes it is. 


By bore and ſleds in tes you teln Wincer, In Summerthe weyls nge 
rous, by meanes amel beg e W techn e palted. — Vologhda 
to Yeraflauc,r 80, berſtes ouer land. This Ycraflaue ſtandeth vpon the river of Volga, 180, 
verſtes J fap diſtant from Vologhda. det eta 

Cathe Cafpian fea are 2 700, berſten ſtom Veraſlaue. 


Soo tom & Richolis tuch Caim en, are N p. bil. C. ler erden. 
Che ivuruey from S. Nicholas td Varaſlaue i accom: 2’ 

plithen i mere ie gramm tipbapenbp imm. Nl. 
From thence tu Aſtracan men trauell by wůter in 30. dales and 30. nights, ö 
Soo detumeneS Nicholas ann che Caſpianſti, n I 46,palewiournty, | 


Cher 


rf 
oar 
4 


Fim Bogha 
from : 


1 
es of places, 
yoate within 
Nicholas 
iſe. 


To Wardhouſe 
„in all Soo. verſts 


gro to Mizemske 
jamoeds keepe 
rte. 


Illis 230. verttes, 


from Mezemske 
he loth hides 


Allis 11 1 9 
Vouth mel 
aſpian ſea. 


rivet of Volz 180 


; pafle doume Volga euery Sommer, 500. boates great ¢ ſmall from all the vpper parts 
iithe nner, whereof fome be of 300. tunne. Thepgoe fop mineral {ale and fo Sturgton. 
Che fale lieth in rocks (and is whicilh red and in line ſand) as it were 30. miles from Aſtracan 
nnndthe Caſpian — dig it themſel nes and pap nothing fo) it, butto the prince a pen nie a 
D . 


n hick CY call Ocetera,is taken fiftte mile ou chis five Aſtracan. Along the N 


ginerthe (pace of 20. miltt then make their booties in plaine grounds,and Ath fo the fpace of thee 2 manathe. 


. goneths, vir. fromthe end of May till che end al Auguit,and hauing lalt they bie to lalt them. 


tiuer there is 5.02 6. miles broad, but with fome Iſlands. 

Ser Seotp fende where it is moſt nartow, is a mile bꝛoad from five to five, 

eee eee ee the tiuer fives, fate about che 

of che lilhing places. NOE ae 
en @ Nebel to Vſtiug, tumterh all on chatke and land : the lich are fweet and fat, 
Che Mene a liſh wich a great bead a foote longibzeedeth about Vologda, and is fat and delicate, 

Betweene Vobska aud Nouogrode, the {pace of 180. miles, groweth flares the whole ſoile in 
length is ſoimplote v, and as much in breadth: this is vpon a flat ſoile. 

a 1 about Smolensko vou the Poliſh boꝛder, 3 oo, miles incompalles much 

ſoile is ſo oied. 7.00 . 
ee hing in inter to Vologda and Colmogro, and we fet in worde in mar 
king of cables aboue 100. men. 5 ; : 

Che Rulliang doe ſpinne and hac hell it, and the Engiithe tarte it inehyeed and lay the cable. — 
aud one cable of thoſe is worth two of rete tebe the Dansickets put in old cable aud rot: ning of cables 
ten tutte, which in fotule weather is found of no Riength, Bre 4 oy 

Solaoua, atree that cureth the wolle with che ſhauin gu af the wood, groweth in theſe parts, and Kula. 
iche barkes they make ropes as big as a mans arme fo) theit boates. ee 

The Samoeds lacking linnen, make handkerchiefs and towels ol the verp wood of this tree, rhe cure of he 
Che weed of chis tree is as beauie as hollie, and the ſhauings cough, wolf, 

. Role Mlandin . Nicholas baie,is full of Roles bamathe and ren, of violets and wilde Noſe⸗ 
matte: Chis Wland is neere 7,02 8. miles about, and good paſture, and hath the name ofthe roles. 

Che froin here about che midſt of May is rleated . hauing bene two moneths in meiting then the 
1 » andeben the graſſe is kner high within a moneth. 

en after September the froſt commeth in, ebe ſnow is a yard deepe bpon plaine ground, The 
Mu hach lirt and birch, and a faire freth fying neere the houſe built there bythe Englith. 


Certaine notes ee by Richard Iohnfon (which was at 
Bogharwith Malter. Anthony Ienkinſon) of the reports of Ruſſes and other 
ſtrangers, of the wayes from Ruſſia to Cathaya, and of di- 
a uers and ſtraunge people. 


The fir St note giuen by one named Sarnichoke a Turtarian ſubiett to the Prince 


ofBogarskie,which are alſo Tartars bordering vpon Kizilbafh or Perfia, declaring 
che wayfrom Aftracan, being the furchett part 1 Cathaya as followeth, 


Jrtt krom A (tracan to Serachicke bp lum, trauailing at Wealltire as merchants ole with 
eres is 10,daves tourney, 
From Serachicke to a towne named Wrgenſhe, 1j Vapes, Mi, Wtgenee, 
From Vrgenſhe to Bogarskie, 1 5.dapes, 

Bo tuarshie te Cathar, 90,bape8, ; 


ftom 
From to Cathaya, 3 o,dapes tourney, 
By the fame partie a note of another way more fure to trauell, 
. as he repotteth. 


Fra lesend Turkemen tebe Cefian fea,10.bapes with barkes, 
tum Turkemen by land ſpectalip with camels, beating the weigheel 13. poodes im cheit 


commen burrhens is 10. dayes to Vrgenſhe. 
ftom Vrgenſhe to Bogharskie,x ren. N 
Nn. 1. Note. 


Note. At this citi of Boghar isthe matte q meetmg place betweene the Curkes and natint 
ofthole partes and the Cathatans, ö ening 27 nun 

Allo the toll there is the 40. part to be paid to merchanvizes 0p goods, 

Ftom thente to Cathar of Caskar is one moneths tourney, and from Caſhar oz Cas kat 
the frontier ol the great Can, hauin g many townes and fortes by the way) is alſo a moneths tra, 
ex tab barb pearnCnoe beuing bent thte pares bntefe) bie ap ll tam 

＋ ag not hauing n thoſe the do 
minions of Cathaiabnto India. But of ocher wates, 02 bowthe Seas lie hy any toaſt be know, 


The inſtruction of another Tartarian Merchant dwellitig'in che 
citie of Boghar, as he hath learned by other his countrymen which haue bene there. 


Mr Serachich, L. Arſt From Aſtracan bp fea to *Serachocke, is 13. dayes(aflirming alſo that a man map teaud 
the other way before written by Curkemtert.) nfs ‘ K 

From Serachocke to AG at is 15. Rapes, 

From Vrgenſne to Boghar alſo 15. daes. 

Note. Theſe laſt 3 o.dates tourney is without habitation of houles,cherefore trauellers lige 
in their uwne tente, carping with them to cate their ſeurrall pꝛouiſious: and fon dxineſſe there be 
many wels of faire water at equal baiting places not farre diſtant daily to be had. 

From Boghar to Tas kan eaſie trauelliug with goods, is 14. dapes by land. 

From Taskan to Occient 7.dapes. ee 

From Occientto Caskar 20,dates, Chis Caskar is the head tone oz citie of another px 
lying berweene Bogharand Cathala. called Rethis can. ue! 

From Caskarto Sowchick,30,vates iournep, which Sowchick ig the fir bopder of Cathay, 

From Sowchickto Camchick 5 dapts iournep,¢ from Camchick to Cathay is two month 

ioumey all the way being inhabited temperate and we ll replenithed wih innumerable frais am 

ei Cambaln. che cae inchewbole land is called * Cambuloo, which is pet 10, dalen inure fam 

Cathay. i | 127 ee, 

Bepond this land of Cathay which they mꝛaiſe to be cinil and vnſpenkab ly rich, is che counterp 
named in the Tartarian tongue Cara-calmack inhabited with blacke people t but in Catheyche 
molt part chereof ſtretching to the ſunne riling are people tobice and of faite complerion Cher 
ligton allo as the Cartares reports chiſtian, o after che maner of chyittians, and theit language 
peculiar, viffering from the Tartarian tongue. 

Chere are no great aud furious Beares in trauelling though the mates afozeſald, but trolues 
white and blacke, And berauſe that woods are not of ſuch quant itie there, as in theſe partes of Rub 
ſia but in maner rather Chant then plentifull, as is reported, the Beares heen not that wap, but 
ſome other beaſts, (as namely one in Ruffe called Barſe) are in thoſe cats. This Barſe apperteth 
by a ſkinne of one ſeene here to ſell, to be neere fo great as a big lion {potted very faire, and thert: 
fore we here take it to be a Leopard oy Tiger. 1 2 

Note, 20 dayes fournep from Cathay is a countrep named Angrim, where liueth the beit 
that beareth che beſt muſke. e che principal therof is cut out of the knee of the mal. The people at 
tawnie, ¢ fo; that the men are not bearden nop Differ in complexion frõ womer ven haue certaine 
tokens ok iton, chat is to ſay: che men weare the fume round like a bolle vy e: their ſhoulderg an 
women on their pꝛiuie partes. Their feeding is ra we fleth in the ſame land, and in another called 
*Ticay, the Duke there is called Can, they worthip the fire and it is 3 4. daies iourney from gren 
Cathay, and in the way lieth the beautifull people, eating with knives ok gold, and are called Co 

woman peopie. morom, and the land of ſmall people is neerer the Mosko then Cathay. 


rf 


The inſtructions of one of Permia,who reporteth he had bene 
at Cathay the way before written, and alſo another way neere the feacoatt,as fox 
loweth; which note was ſent out of Ruſſia from Giles Holmes, 


Puder but CL . Irſt from the pꝛouinte of Dwina is knowen the wayto Pechora, and from Pechoratranth 

geg bp enden 4. ling with olens og harte, is fixe bapes iourney bp laud, and in the Sommer as much by wur 
water ird Ob, to the riuer ot ob. N 5 l 

The Ob is a riuer full of flats, the mouth ol it is 70. Ruſle miles ouer. And from tbentethhee 

papes iourney on the tigt hand is a place called Chorno-lefe, to lay in Engliſh, oan 


“Way toCatbaya. of! theEnglifh nation. 389 


—̃ 

W ay to Cathaia; 

tbe Cashes anne 

9 v ending to 

Caſhar oz Caskar (being 8 25 nay people are of the Tattarian 


) is alfo a moneth tra : ; 
1s Here follow certaine countreys of the Samoeds which dwell 
bips map ſalle from there pon the riuer Ob, and vpon che fea coaſts beyond the ſame, taken out of the 
lie by anp toaſt he uu Ruſſe tongue word by word, and trauelled by a Ruſſe borne in Colmo- 
60. A1 ! N gro, whofe name was Pheother Towtigin, who, by report, 
W was ſlaine in his ſecond voyage in one of the 
r dwelling in the * ſiupd countreys. 


hich haue bene there. a 
i ene 5 Catt part beyond che couptrey ol Vgori the riuer Ob is the moſt Nettermoſt 
nile that a man may teu GY) Bert pmg coaſt dwell Samoeds, and their countrey is called Molgom- 
mf is i cy, whofe meat is flech of olens 07 barts, andfithe, and doe eate one another fometimes 
ö 0 nniong themſelues. And il any merchants come vnto them, U ee, 


chien fo) theit fakes to feat them withall. And if a merchant chance to die with them, chey 
chereloze trauellers loge himnot,but eate him, and fo doe they eate them of their owne counttey likewiſe. They be euũl of 
and fo; dxineſſe there de bend haue ſmall notes but they be wilt and fhoote very wel and they trauaile on hatts and on Trauenuing om 
4A pogees, and their apparell is Sables and arts frinnes, Cher haut no merchandise but fables bats e bess 
pland. 1 ; 
enen the ſame toaſt oʒ quarter beyond thoſe people, and by the ſea five alſo doech dwell 
i 03 citie of another prince, another kindof Samoeds in lite maner hauing anorber language. One moneth in the peere they 
Rn tine in the ſea, and do notcome op dwell on the Dele land im that monet h. g 
che Fixit boꝛder of Cathay, Item bepond theſe people, on the fea coatt,chereis another kind of Samoeds, their mente 
to Cathay is tiwomonrths anv lich and their merchaundiſe are Spables, white and blacke Fores (which che Nuſles 
ie eee Pieits) and hartz (hing and fatones Cains. 
et 10, daies ioutuep ftom 


The relation of Chaggi Memet a Perfian Merchant, to Baptiſta 


habt rich (the country Ramufius and other notable citizens of Venice, touching the way from Tauris the 
dem c cluiefe citie of Perſia, to Campion a citie of Cathay puerlands in which 
fans, anvehete langue : voiage he himſelfe had paſſedhefore wich the Carauans. 
Tauris to Soltania. i 
pales afozeſaid, but tnoluee . From Soltania to Casbin. 
e, as in theſe partes ul Rub I From Casbin to Veremi. 
res bzeed not that bay, but From Veremi to Eri. 
patts, This Barſe appeeteth ' From Eri to Boghara. 
otted very faire, and ther a From Boghara to Samarchand. 
ö 2 et From Samarchand to Caskar. 
m, where lineth the beat ; From Caskar tu Acſu. 
of the mal:. The people m From Acſu to Cuchi, 
j omer. hen haue certaine ‘ 5 Ftom Cuchi to Chialis. 


Me vp er: ther ſhoulderg am From Chialis to Turfon. 
eland, and in another calles 8 From Turfonto Camul. 


4 daies tourney From gm 3 From Camul to Succuir. 

Sof gold, and are called Co- : From Succuir to Gauta. 

bay. ö From Gautato Campion. 

rteth he had bene tube Campion és a cite ofthe Empire of Cathay in themteuince it Tangu: wm uhence 
re the feacoatt,as foe the greatett quantitit of Rubarbe commeth, 

es Holmes. 


a, and hom Pechoratturb Nn. 2. The 
Sommer as much by wat 


ler! And frome thencethee 
in Englith, Biacketooms 


The voyagesand difcoueries Someham & Sparke, 
The way diſcouered by water by vs Thomas Sowsham, and 


lohn Sparke, from the towne of Colmogro,vnto the citie of Nouo 
pas eng iow iculers ofthe way, and diftance of 
miles,as foloweth. Anno 15 66. 


E departed from Colmogro about 10. of the clocke afore noone in a Lobia 02 Bette 
wich we hired co lying us along the coalt to a place callen Soroka, i in che (aid barks 
hired 6 marinerganda lace befone rehearſtd. 


where we were conttrainedto anker becanfe of a conttaty wind which there met vs. 
aba % un From Colmo 3 tv pore miles of Ruſſia, at which place wetaria 
22 9 tbe mmging and 

a thence, 


Ole departed monaſterie of Sp, Michael, hauing the wind ſome what faire 
oe . isbalas, 8855 


Aba. The ſaid cote of Newnox is from the monaſterie of S. Richolas 3 5. miles. 3 

eeleemibis 25 pear an Newnes wont doce tc 
and courte Nonthwelt en 

— . —— cht entrance of Newnox hauen, and the 

Selecusd, and 


Chena Sci mh envi x oh 
ae e cme Sell palling betwixt it and chemin 
Sener ee Se aby lors anh bp South, being 85. miles from 
wna fitter, 
the fain Illaud 10, miles che wind came con thereupon we retuyned to 
Anne Segilncy ber ve wn r he 9. ar nae * 
29 i cept Spiny de . Alternoone, the 
band at Cat noxheaſt, and our courte was South wet ¢ by . e T 
ger, being 30, miles from Sogiſney, and herping on our courte, mee came by the headlum of u 
25 pookenest Saen. . 
and great pad not „ Wee had & 
„„ ee the perfectell, which was e 


. cep mut either keepe hard aboond the thoge, fin thatthereis 
achanell which goeth along the coatt within the rockes, on els giue che beavlann a birth ok 6. miles 
„ forchere are ledgers of rockes chat lie due mies fromm the 


dland. 

We gauethe headland Abitchol 3. miles, normichſcanding two rocks women 
Bainnbof eter on dofen tus nh ema ee fer 
@ovto make it eon e e eme amt bad milraried. 

30 Lee headland of the J aieavot ben, at 4. ofthe tlockt in the moming, 
directing our court Mei. and ar 10 e ee ee ee arriued at a monaſterie ne 
— whichis 15. miles from Abdo 

At this monaſterie we . Wee bad here deliuered bs 
bp che chiete monkes ofthe monafterie, their letler and boule ſeale, and a ſetuaunt oftheirs to com 
duct bs fafelp Gnouarh che bangerous riueret Owigs, 


te 


S888 8 8 Hg 8 388 


82 


gers eo 


= 


wham oo Spark | 


— 
as Sowtham, and 
ie of Nouogrode in 
nd diftance of 

66, | 


Perm 
oroka, ¢ fi 
befone rehearſed. an ba 


uflia, at wbich 
atre, we fet — 


I 
5 22 2 
Pichael. By reafon pin 


locke in che euruing andcaing 

hald 10,06 the cloche an then 

sli 25.dap, 
35. miles. 


— 
te of Newnox hauen, and tze 
weft ant bp Horb. Cote cae 
paddle ewe 15. mh 
Lot contrarp windg 

hehe wind nen m Calton 
rhuer, Leth Eu bp Sent 


fing tie hei, 
being 85.miles from 


hereupon we retuned tu the 


is 
een otc 
that lie fue miles from the 


re Lapttue rocks ‘tno milteuh 
bisrbett of cern but ce platen 


— the momning, 
artiued at a monaſterie ne 


Tee bad bere delinered be 
da ſeruaunt oftheirs to cow 


Te 


22 Wleneparten from Sloboday in the moꝛning at Coume riſing, and at 6 okthe doche in the 


7. Me departed from Voyets at . ofthe clocke in the moming, atid fo came to an Ozorath lake 


* 


* a , 700 400 ue een e der ee 
25 e of the letter wagiate ; aaa 
delpe and ain vs in anger pees nn oo le eb burn ee 
— —5 er mao Ae el cYoten r top 
ur being att e, 
3 — üthetrehe Abbt was eee ee fe 
e ee aya wane ar atte 


fat N te 


an ais 00% 41. WA} 


01! 


Tue rtuer 


125 — pace wan tons a 
temained ni Ae 0 is 
Wee e Oſtroue in cht morning bebe Sunne eg tinge feeringy d a 2 
tur y. milex, where wee tame ta a plate, whereas wes were agu conttrainedto take 
tarie them aud our boates thꝛee miles auer Land, lo chat with rowing, wawin 
aan wee went this day 7. mile more to a plate called Sloboday, where we lap all ni 


aftetnoone we came to avillage called Paranda, which laktom Sloboday, zo,méles; where wer 
tennined all chat night. 

6 Me departedftom Paranda at 6. of the dlockein the homing and all that bay what with teti 

tug and mawing our boats, me went but 1 1. miles, for we twiſe bniaded our wars and Dyewour vs... rm 
boats ouerland, in one place a mile ¢ an halfe,in an other places tree eee pa of a nile, 

ind fo we came to a plate called Voyets. here we taried all that night, 


called after the name of the riuer, and neo a place called Quequenich, we rowed allthis dap and 
catte thither by one of che clocke inthe afternoone, which is 2 5 miles from Voyets, andthere wer 
temainen all night to hire men and boates to carie vs forward on dur tourney. 
here departẽd backe from vs the ſeruant which wee had at the monaſtetie, being ſent by the 
monkes to goe thus farre with vs. And alter that he had hired che boats and taken the mens names 
char ſyould conduct vs, and giuen them charge to deituer vs with all things in ſafetie, at a place bes 
ing alitle towne called Pouenſa, then hee departed from vs be Pax: taking amp reward fo bis 
deines. fa fo he was charged and commanded by the monkes. : 
8 Mle departen from Quequenich at Sunne vifing, and allchat day rowẽd bpon the take ar a 
mongſt many Illands. The inhabitants doe chere report that there are as many Illands in theit u take verp 
lake, as there are vayes in the peere, In the tuening wer came to a village named Telekins, fulot dds. 
whichis o. miles from Quequenich. 
9 Ge neparten from Tellekina in the mowing at zakthe locke d foentring into ariuer, we 
went that bap 13 miles. In one place we caried dur boates and goods ouer land z men at eu 
pre came to a plate called Oreiche na maelay, where we lay all night, 
. at 5 ofthe clocke in the moming, x ſo „ 
U. 3. 


392 The voyages and diſeoueries Sowtham C Sparke, 


es 
dus monatterp 


miles diſtant from the place where we Lap all babich 
— tg ee 
oat g00s, andat 6atche . * 


enen, one mile of the famous lake 02 Ozera of 
which is z 20. miles long and in ſome places 70. miles over, Bur where it in narotes, it ig 


wee og tee aaa Dan aba ie henna 


dune tafe 
mam Cattic q 


ben dad tbr br Nouogrode. 
14 eee ene enen. 
acertaine Ueland named Salafalma, vpon the faid lake 7.méles from Toluo, and bp reafonotcem 
trarp hindes we there taried bntdl the 16. day of this monetb. 
16 I- F e eee . 8 ee 
1 morning, named Vorroni contin mot contrary winden, by 
iche een ele dete we 

Vorronia Illand tino howers befope day, and arrined at S. Clements 
ronan 2, of the clacke inthe after noone being from V orronia 48,miles, 

a. Ge bepatte fem MC lesnenes manaftece at the breaks of de bay, bauing afte wind al 
alanis the lakes wer failed without friking of laile vntil 2. bomerg within night, andchen enter 
into a riuer called S wire, at a monaſterie aah Voſneſſino Chriſta, 3. miles from the entrance of 
the river, where we tarien all night. I is from S. Clements monaſterie 160. miles: the fireame 
of that riuer went with vs 

23 — Vote ino Chriſto befoye ſunne tiſing, and valev dotun the riuet Ome: 
Sone itt an dee dees went ge. nen 
n ian. 

Z eee eee ene place called +Selucaxe,whert 
toe Lap all igen is ro,miles from Vaſſian. 

25 Fiera n mag ann exten pte a 
npg apse perp haben dary Ele wers, and then it was with vs ſo that e 
failed and rowed chat day 10. miles, along v lake, and entred into the riuer of Volbul- 
kie, which riuer bath bis beginnin len dics tint Nouogrode, and runneth though the mint 
of che cite, aud lo kalleth into this lake, tobich is karre longer then the lake of Onega but itis nut ſo 
hab. This lake falleth into the lea chat connneth from che Sound: where anp beſſell on boat, h 
uing a good pilot, may go thhougbthe Sound into England. 

8 . eae toa sonattericalleo 9, Nicholas Mee 
dued, where we lay all that ni 
26 Tee depatted from D. Nicholas Medued, at . or the clothe in che moning, rowing un 


dabing our boatet all day, and tame at nigbeto another monafterie called Goſnopolie, wich is 


30 miles from S. Nicholas Medued, tubere we lay all that night. 

27 Ulle departed from Goſnopo lie at 6,of the clocke in the moꝛning, and at euening came to a 
place called Moiflaue, where tue lap all night, being 46. miles from the monaſterie of Ooſnopolie. 
28 We departed from Moiflaue, andthe laid dap at night came to a plate called Gruffina, 35. 
miles from Moiſlaue where we lodged. 
29 We departed from Gruſſina in the moming, ¢ the fame day at euening came to a plare ca 
led Petroe ä night. being 40. miles from Gruſſina. 1 
30 


#2 388. 88882 333 $. 383 3.. „ ss §2 UI US we LP 


ytham Co Spark, do Sparke. ofthe Englith nation. "393 


— ä — 
Right, at tobich peparted front Petroe Suetoe inthe mozning, o at chun of the clocke in the afternoone we 
ra Pocent —— Land gef Nouogrod betng art miles rom Petroe Suetoe, Here we found ¶IAil· Che citte of 
Phe bores came, anv tne tabep who was there taped with all bis company, and was not lj 0s. 
tome of Pouenſa, dich all 
b lahe.o2 Ozera of the people of the countrey euerp tubcre be x 
here (tis narowelt, it ig 1. eee e b, Sing an tanto: oases fun Nes todto Rofe illand into . Micho· 
wabonp the fhoze within 6, in bey, where our ſbippes pere ly lade, with the diſtance of miles trom place tu place, is as fol- 
lage of Soroka dohme ote yo pds fom Nouogrod to Petroe Suetoe. 
n Op snap uc 40 gpiles from thence to Oruſina. 
other 1 35 Miles krom thenteto No iſlaue. 
the great fals of water thee 46 Miles from thence to the monatterie Goſnopolie. 
e great force and fall of u 15 Miles from thence to Lade ga towne, 
&s come 15 Spiles from thence to Selunax ower the lake of Ladega, albeit thete be manp villages all 
DSome into: TUurer tohiry along the lake, 
Pouenſa by landto this plan 180 Miles from Ladega towne vp the riuer of S wire, vnto the monaſterie ol Voſneſſino 
Chriſto, albeit thete are many billages vpon the riuer: lo; within enerp five of fire miles 
ich 2. ſmali boates which le pou thall haue villages 02 ſmall tommes. ah 
Ng 50, niles from Pouenſa, 160 Miles rom Voſneſſino Chrifto tu S. Clements monatterp, albeit there be manp villa 
te chat caried vs and all an ges all along the lake of Onega. 
48 Miles from thence to Voronia. 
md at the euening arrived ar 67 Piles from thence to Toluo tome: ¢ there are niuers villages all along the lake hett 
Toluo, and by ttaſonot m the carryers may lie, and haue meat for man and hoꝛſe. 
50 Miles ltomthence to Pouenſa, where Onega lake eudeth. 
Ig, and came to an Illandthe 
Aon ot contrary winde, tw The way from Pouenſa to Some towne is this: 
amd arrined at S. Clemens 30 Miles from Pouenſa to Maſtellina. 
48. miles. 10 Miles from thence to Tellekina. 
e day. hauing a faire wind al 30 Mlles from thenteto Toluich, 
pithin nigbe, andchen enter 33 Miles trom thenceto Carraich. 
5. miles fom the entrance of 20 Miles from thenceto Vamich. 
ie 160, mnbles she Mme 10 Spies wm henreto Oſtrouo. 
15 Miles from thence to Lapina. 
baled dotunthe riuer Gne: 20 Miles fromehence to Some it felfe, f 
and lap at night at a pla Nute that from the citie ol Nouogrod onto the totune of Some is 93 6 miles, e ſtomthe towne 
of Some vnto the monaſterie of S. Nicholas oꝛ Role illand auer and againſt where our ſhippes do 
place called tSelucaxe het nie is iult as many miles as is Soroka village from S. Nicholas, as the Rufles do account it, as 
alfo we do iudge it namely 325 miles. Dothat from Nouogrod to D. Nicholas road, is hy our 


and entred pon the Lake of actount 1261 miles 62 verſig. 

hen it was with vs, ſo that ve Furthermoꝛe it is to be noted that all ſuch wares as ſhall be bought at Nouogrod, and ſent to Crane dp 
red into the tiuer of Volhuſ⸗ Some tone, muſt be ſent bp fled way in the winter: for if any ware ſhould be ſent from Nouo- uns. 

nd runneth though the mint grod bp water in the ſpꝛing of the peere after the pte is gone, then muſt the fapd wares rematne at 

ake of Onega but itis not Pouenſa tonne all that ſummer, by reaſon that in the ſummer there is no way to go krom Pouenſa 


Where any veſſell on boat, be bute Some towne. 
At Pouenſa there are many warehoules to be hyꝛed, ſo that ifchere were as much goods as ten 
ie called S. Nicholas Me. lun could carp amap, you might haue ware houſes to put it in: but it there ſhould remaine much 
tate all the fummer,to be caryed in the winter to Some towne, then hozles abe not ealllp to be got 
n the mopning, rowing and ten at that place to carp it thither: fo chat pour wares once bought at Nouogrod, pou mutt haue 
alled Goſnopolie, which is tatyers there to catp it to the towue of Some by ſieddes, whereot you may there haue 2000 if pou 2000 feds ba⸗ 
nil, by the report ofthe Ruſſes. ua 
ug. and at euening came to a F from Nouogrod peerelythere go many ſlevdes in the winter to fetch fale from Some, with 
e monaſterie of Goſnopolie. tartpers and emptie lleddes there to bup it, and to bing it to Nouogrod to fell it in the market op 
aplace called Gruffina, 35. 5 N N 
_ From Nouogrod bute Some totune you may haue a pood of wares carrped fo eigbe pence op 
une pente: but in anp wilt pour wares mutt be ſent from Nouogrod by the fire of January, fo 
that the wares map be at Some by Candlemas, 0} fone after : for it your wares (Houle md 


394 Thevoyagesaniddilcoucries - The Qucenes Ai, 


Benen ca ¢ funne is of fome power, then is it 


tralus ll. 


riners do remain 
— irmuasitonee ſo there are many ware hou 


D. 

. min road you may haue wares caryed lo two altines, Che pood coe) 
i tunne. ‘ ' 1 . 
Prouided alwapes, that pou buy pour wares chere pour fife, and fend it thence : im there is uo 

hope that che natiues will bring their wares front Nouogrodto Some, in hope to ell vntott, 

conſidering the great trade that they haue at the Narue, which is within 180 miles off them. 


1 Written by Thomas Sowtham 
a ſeruant to the company. 


An Act for che corporation of Merchants aduenturers for the 


Adlſcouering of new trades made in the eight yere of Queene 
Elizabeth. Anno 15.6.6. 


beras diners very good ſubiects of this realme of England in the latter endef 

the reigne of the late right high and mighty prince our ſduereigne Lop king Ed 

V ward the ſixt, at the gratious inccuragement, x right good ick ing of the faidking, 

e by bis Maieſties liberall example. did at their adurnture, arm co theit exceeding 

greatcharges, forthe glory of God, the honoz and increaſe of che truenues ofthe 

: Crowne, aud the common vtilitie ok the tabole realme of England, ſet foreh thyee 

thippes forthe niſcouery by fea, of illes, lands, territoꝛies, Dominions, and ſeignioies vnünowa, 
and by the ſubiects of the ſaid late king, not commonly bp ſeas frequented: and aſter that alm 
ty God had called to his mercy the ſaidking, who dyed beſoze che ſiniſping, and lealing ofhis mot 
ample and gracious letters of priuileges pomifed to the ſaid ſubietts, as well in ronfiberation of 
the laid enterpꝛile, as lo diuers other reſpects it pleated our late ſourreigne Queene perp, uthe 
bunble lutes of the Came ſubiects, to grant by her letters patente vnder the great ſeale of England, 
bearing date at Meltminſter the 26 day of Febzuarp, in the ſerond peere or her raigne, in the 
conſiderations mentioned in the laid letters patents, to the ſaid ſubiects being {pecially namedin 
the laid letters patents, and to their fucceflours, that they bythe name of Merchants aduenturtrt 
of England, for the difcoueric of lands, territopies, ifles, Dominions, and ſeigniopies vnlunnen, 
and not before they late aduenture o; enterpꝛiſe, by ſeag o; nauigations connnoulp frequented, 
ſbould be from thentefozthone body and perpetuall fellawſhippe and comminaltie of themſeluet, 
both in derd and in name, and that the lame fellowſbippe and commin altie fromthencefouhſbould 
and might haue one oꝛt wo gouernours, foure conſuls, and foure and twentte aſſiſtants, of the fain 
fellowochippe and comminaltie ot Merchants aduenturerg, and that they by the name of the Gourrs 
nour, Conſuls, Alliſtants, Fellowſhippe, and Comminaltie of Merchants aduenturers, forthe 
diſcouery of lands, tetrito ies, illes, dominions. and ſeignioʒies vnknowne, by the {eas and nau 
gations, and not before theirſayd late aduenture oz enterꝑꝛiſe, by ſeas frequented, ſheuld oy migit 
de able in the law to implead and to be impleaded, to anſwere and to be anfwered, to defend and 
be defended, before what ſouer iudge oz (uftice tempoꝛall oꝛ ſpirituall, ox other perfons whatſatutt, 
in whatloeuer court oꝛ courts, and in all actions, reall, perſonall, and mixt, and in euery of then, 
and in all plaints of Nouel deſeiſon, and alſo in all plaints, ſutes, quarrels, affaypes, bufinell, 
and demands whatſoeuer they be, touching and concerning che ſaid Eellotwthippe and commit 
tie, and the affayꝛes and buſineſſe of the fame, onely in as ample maner and forme, as any other 
toppozation of this realme might doe, giuing alfo, and granting vutothem by the ſayd letters pe 
b tents, diuers authozities, powers, turifdictions, pꝛebeminences, franchifes, liberties, and pu 
leges, as by the fame letters patents mope at large will appeare. And among other things merttio- 
tioned in the ſaid letters patents, whereas one ok the three ſhippes, by the laid fellowſlippe befor 
that time {et fooꝛth ſoꝛ the voyage of diſcouerie aforefapd, namedthe Edward Bonauenture, had 
arriued within che Emppne and dominion of the bigh and might pꝛince L ond Iobn Vafiliwich, 
Emperour of all Ruſſia, Vologda, Matskye, great Duke of Musky, &c. uiho sas 4 

s rg 


reer ©. 2 YY 2. te he SY me. LUN mS mS UY se Oo el 


TheQueenes Ad. olthe Engliſn nation. 395 


— 
uu and merchants of the ſayd ſbipye very ed — ing vnto them frectic to craffike 
pe ein eee urn, graces pul er 
tain sano ls Covent yt ae eb og — heres ¢ ſucteſds did grant 
thet all che maine Sand rivers of che Caio migitie Emperour of ali 
Ruita,and great buke of — cet ces — dominions serricozies, tics, 

ny shee tate hr other 


ta ene et t 
pour wares from thence tp 
bat from the citie of Nouo 
es. The pood cometh oma ty 
nd fend it hence 3 fon tbere i w 


o Some, in hope to ſell vntom, 
pithin 180 miles olf them. 


omas Sowtham 


o the company. 
aduenturers for the 


ere of Queene 


e of England in che latter endof 
ce our ſduereigne Lon king Cd 
ght good liking ol the laid hung, 
aduenture, and to their exiceding 
1D increate of che reuenues ofthe 
alme of England, fet forth the 
tons, and {eiguionies vnknowa, 


Ke, and other regions — 2 — 
Lj 77 — the lame. 

Diners {ubiects ol this realme, vnderſtanding the premiſe a, and perteiuing 
che eran ad, diners wares and mert handtzes are bythe This is ment 


ented : and after that 7 
authing an ſealing tang lud felloudhippe into tis reaime, — che dominions already diſcouered, which be this 1 
biects, as well in confiderationof eder. 


ſottereigne Queene Herp, athe 
onder the great ſrale of England, 
econd eee her raigne, ian the 
ſubiects being {pecially namedin 

name of Perchants abuenturtts 
ions, and feigniopics ynkuoton, 
igations commonly frequented, 
e and comminaltie of themfelues, 
inaltie from thencefortl thoul 
aud twentie alſiſtants, of the fain 
tthep bp the name of che Goun· 
Merchants aduenturers, fnthe 


f hereditaments nat ercerding a ur- 
Dee arte. — bolben cf the Dneenes mule, der herpes, e 
b to be anfwered, to defend andes n Capite, and all goods, merchan and other things whatſdener, aud 


r en pom apy x al 
bare na imioy all and ſingularthe liberties, pꝛiuilegen, iuriſdicttous, franchiſes, 
l. amm, amm eue often, Dooce, eucbopiteg, and things, and map doe and erecuce all cher mitt rr anbebinaes n the (ap 


tes, quarrels, affapzes, 
ſaid fellowhhippe and commintb = din any wiſe tonteined. And chat no part nop parcell of the non 


le maner and forme, as any other 
x butothem bp che fap letters pe 
, franchifes, liberties, and piu 

And among other things ment 

bes, by the laid kellowſtippe befor 
dthe Edward Bonauenture, 

ht pꝛince Loꝛd Iohn Vafiliwich, 

f Se tue vein 


all orodber perfans bibel, 


maior 


i 


— eee, 
396 The voyages and diſcoueries The Quecences all. 
—— —— —— —ä— — 


maior q; minor, Media, Hyrcani2,Perha, q the Caipian fea, noz any part of them (hall be ſapled 
ontrafiiked puto, viſre d, frequented m haunted by anp perſon, being ob that ba ll be a fubiect o) e 
nien of this realme, by thremſelues - them factop 0p factoys,02 anp otbertathe ; ule op cmd, 
by any tapes 0 meanes, direct! p op indirectly othet then by the der, agreement, content, ra 
cation of the gouernop.confuls,andaflitants of the fait fellowibippe and commrinaltic, other 
part of them, and their ſucreſſoxs for che time bemg:vpan paine that euerp per fon and pertong ofin, 
ding in this behalfe, (hall foxfeic and looſe. Ipſo facto, euerp ſuch Hippe and ſhippes, with the ape 
purrenances,and all {uch goodes,merchandizes, and thinges whatfoeucr, as by any ſuch perton 
perfons ſhalbe bp any wapes op meanes directly 9p indircctly,prouiped,carped, conducted, bwughe 
m exchanged, in, at, to, thꝛaugb oꝛ from anp of theplaces prohibited, as is afozelay, contraryiy 
the true intent ofthis Mature s the one moity of all which foꝛfeitures to be co our ſaid ſouereignel 
dythe Queenes Maieſty, her hexpes and ſucrelſoꝛs, and the other moity thereof tothe ſaid fellow. 
ſhippe of Engliſh merchants fop defcoucrp of net trades and they ſucceſſoꝛs tu be ſeiʒed anytakey 
whereloeuer they may be found, by any perfon o perfons, to the vſe ot our {aio ſonereignelaty 
her heypes and ſucteſloꝛs, and of the {aid tellowſtippe of Engliſh merchants fop diſtoueryof rt 
trades, and of they ſucteſſozs, op the lame od the value thereof to be demanded op fired fop by tle 
Queenes highneſle, her hepꝛes and ſurceſſoꝛs, 02 by the ſapd fellowfippe of Engliſh merchants 
oz diſcouery ofnem trades, oꝛ their ſucceſſas. o their atturnie oꝛatturnies, op by any perfon o 
perfons being ofthe fame fellowſhippe of Engliſh merchants fop diſtouerp of new trades, oz they 
fucceffoys in any court of recoꝛd, op in any other court oz courts mithin this realme . els were y 
action of debt, action of detinue, bill, plaint, information, 07 otherwile: in which ſute no eſſoir, 
protection, wager ok law, our iniunctio ſhall be allowed, fo2, op on the behalle ofthe partic Onpan 
ties defendant. a 

Myouided alwayes, that whereas diuets ſubiects of this realme being not ofthe Fellotwlhine 
afoyefapd, haue heretofore made aduentures to and from ſome of the places pꝛohibited by chetayn 
letters patents, chat the laid ſubiecta, them heyees, exetutoꝛs, adminiſtratohs and allignes, 0) ay 
ol them thall not be impeached, impleaded, troubled, ſued nop muleſted fo the ſamein theit goods 

o; perſons in anp maner of wife, either by our {aid ſouereigne ladp, her hexꝛs oz ſucteſſozs, the 
{apd kel lo wſhippe, o they ſucceſſms. ; 
Muouidev alfo, that it (hall be lawtull to any ſubiectofthis realme, hauing pꝛeſently any tip 
ping, goods, wares ready monty, remapning at oꝛ in any place, of c; within the dominion ofthe 
lad mighty prince at Ruſſia. q m any other of the places pꝛohibitedto be vifiten optraffiken vt by 
this ſtatute oꝛ the ſaid letters patents, to fetch, bing, and conuey the fame, oꝛ cauſe the ſame tobe 
bought 07 conuepen from thence by ea op othermiſe, befoꝛe the feaſt of S. John Baptilt, which 
chalbe in the peeve ok our Loꝛd God 1568, anything tonteined in this ſtatute, oz in the laid letters 
patents to the contrarp notwithſtanding. n a 

Bꝛouided allo, that it hall belatufull for any of the ſubiects of this tralme, to ſaile tothe pep, 
towne, territory, 02 caſtle of Wardhouſe. on tu any or tie coaffes, cotmes, hauens, creekes, rivets, 
illauds and land of Noz way oz trade of ſiſhing, of any other trade there vfen by the ſubiectg ofthis 
realme, anything in this ſtatute to the contrary uot wi ing. 

And bon the better mainteinante of the naue and mariners of this realine, be it pouided and in 
atted, that it (hail noz be lamfull to the ſaid fellowihippe and company, noꝛ to any okthem to carrie 
and tranſpo)t, 07 cauſe to be tarryen and tranſponted any cummodity of this realme to them new 
trade, but onely in Engliſh ſhippes, and to be failed for the moſt part with Eng lich mariners noꝛ al 

| ſa ta bung into this realme no? into Flanders from heir ſayd nem trade, anp merchandise, ne 
ther commodities but in Englitl thippes, and failed forthe moſt part by the Englith mariners m 
pain ta toit for cuery ſuch offence two hundꝛed poundes, wherenf the one nioity {hall be toche 
Queenes maieſtie, her heyꝛes and ſurteſſons, the other moity to the head officers of any poretoune, 
hauing any hauen, 02 hatboꝛough decaped, by bat name foruer they be incoꝛpozate, to che teym 
tion of ſuch harboꝛough, that will ſue fop the fame in any court of recod, by action, bill, ylaint din 
foymation, wherein no elſoine, protection, o; wager of lam fo; the defendant ſhall be admitted eb 


yrouided alſo, and be it enatted, that no maner of perſon oz perſons {hall fram henceforth car 
rie oy tranſpopt.oʒ cauſt to be carrped oꝛ tranſpozted out of this realme ok England, any ma 
okclothes o; karſies into anie of the partes where the ſayde fellowthippe and lotiety is piu · 
gedto trade by this act, befoze the fame cloches and karfies (hall be all dpeſſed, and for the m 
pare vyed within this realme, vpon payne of forfeiture fo; euery ſuch tloth and karſie, othertnit 
Carrped and tranſpozted. fine younds:t he one halle thereof to the Qucenes Maiettie her 1 


SAS ASS SSA Sasa Sir 


PFE 


The Queences aff, 


anp part of them (hall be ſa 
ag op that Gall bea Icli, 
other tacheps vſe ox common 
der, agreement, content, op rani, 
ppe and comminaltie, op ches 
at euery per ſon andperfong ofp, 
p Ghippe and thipy:s, with the ap. 

foeucr, as by any ſuch perton gy 
uided carped conducted. b 
bited, as is afopefard, contraryig 
es to be to our faid ſouerrignel 
moity thereof tothe ſaid fellow 
ſucceſſoꝛs to be ſeiʒed and tam 
e vle ok ur Laid ſonereignelmdy, 
b merchants fo; ditcoucry of ney 
to be demanded oꝛ ſued oh by 
lo wſtippe of Englich merchants 
opatturnies, op by anp perſon 
diltouerp of new trades, oꝛ they 
thin this realme o els wert 
derwiſe; in which ſute no effoine, 
bn the behalle ofthe partie pm 


me being not ofthe kellowchipe 
the places pꝛohibited bythelad 
miniſtratoꝛs and alligneg, o mp 
pletted for the lame in their gon 
Dp, her heres o) ſucteſſozs, uhe 


alme, hauing pꝛelently any tip 
, of tz within the dominion ofthe 
edto be vifited op tratfiken inte by 
the fame, oꝛ caule the fame tote 
keaſtof B. John Baptilt, which 
this ſtatute z in the laid letters 


of this teatime, to ſalletothe pz 
tomnes, hauens, creekes, riers, 
there vled by the lubierts oft 


his realme, be it pꝛouided and in 
panp, top to any of them to care 
odity ok this realme to then new 
it wich Eng liſh mariners noꝛ al 
Pty trade, any merchandizes, no 
part by the Engliſh marinen on 
ereuf the one moity (hall be tothe 
e head officers of any porctowne, 
they be inconpopate, to the ryan 
reco, by action, ball plaint opin, 
defendant ſhall be admitted opal 


derfons Mall fram henceforth car 
realme of England, any ane 
lowſhippe and focicep is puiutle 
il be all meſſed, and for the mod 
— — 
nes Maieſti 
ne 


Emperours priuilegev. of the Englith nation. 


397 


the other halle to the Maiſter and ¶Kardens ofthe clathwozkere in the city of London 

sthecime being, bp tbat name ſocuer ther be incmpobate: that twill Cue faz the lame. 

prouinen alto,chat whenfoeucr the Capo ſocietp op company fhall twillingtp twithopaty, and dif. 
serine tobolly bp the hace of three peeves in time of peace ehe dilchurging of their merchandizes 
Athen of @ ¥ricbolas bap in Ruſſia, and doe not difcharge thep2 ſapd merchandizes at fomeos 
cher pon o wade {ping on that Joh coalt of Ruſſia, o; otherterritop, no we lubiect to the ſayd 
inter punce of Ruſſta, gr. hetherta bp the fubiects ef this realme not commonly frequented, chat 
then the time of any ſuch diſcuntiuuante and withdꝛawing, as is afopefaid, it ſpalbe lawfull 
to M the fubiects of this realme to trade to the Narue onelp in Englith bottoms, ap thing inthis 
Gree the contrary natwithſt mung. „„ 
pmulded ulld, that euery of the Quetnes Maieſties ſubiectes inhabiting wit un the titie of 
pont, the cotones of Remraſle vpon Cyne, Pull, andof Botton, hauung continalty cranedebe 
conrteof merchandise bp che (pace of ten peeves, and which beforethe 2 5 of December, that ſhalbe 
in Ann. Dom. 1 367,{hall contribute iopne, and put in ſtocke co Mich. and amongſt the {aid compas 
spfuchCumme and ſummes al monex ag arp of the friv company, dhichhaththꝛaughly continued 
and contrituted to the ſaid new trade, krom the peere 1552, hath done, e befozethe laid 25 of De⸗ 
tember 1 5 57 Chall vo foꝛ the furniture of one cpdinary, full and int pe poꝛtion, oꝛ ſhare, and do in all 
things behaue himſelfe as others of the faid fociety be bound to doe, and heeratter (hall be bound to 
wbp che privileges, oꝛdinantes ¢ ſtatutes of the ſapd company, ſhall from the fame 25 dap of Des 
comber 1567, be, and beaccountedfree, and as one of che ſapd ſotiety aud company, and ſubiect 
dthepiiuileges, oꝛdinances and ſtatutes of the aid company, reaſonably made and to be made, 
up thing inthis pꝛeſent Act to the contrary not withſtanding 


Avery briefe remembrance of a voyage made by M. Anthony 
Ienkinfon, from London to Moſcouia, ſent from the Queenes 


Maieſtie to the Emperour, in the yeere 1566. 


BM We fourth dap of May in the peere aforefaiv, J imbarked my ſelfe at Sraueſend in the 


oh Rear good (hip called the Parrpof London, and bauing hada pꝛolperous voyage arriued at 


che bay of S. Nicholas in Ruſſia the tenth day of Julp following, and imme diat ly J 

> font in poſt to the Emperoꝛ to aduertiſe of my connning and trauelling then thoꝛow the 
tuuntry J with my company came to the Moſco where the Emperor kept his court che 23 of Aus 
quit and fonthwith gaue the Serrrarie to vndertkand of my arriuall, who aduertiled the Empes 
m Paickty of it. and the firſt day of September. being a ſolemne tea among the Rulles,y came 
heforethe Emperors Maieſty, ſitting in his {eat of honour, and bauing killed his hand, ¢ done the 
Purenes Maieſties commendations, ¢ deliuered her Graces letters ¢ prefent he bad me to dinner, 
which J accepted,and had nnch bono, done vnto me boththen e all the time of my above in Ruſſia. 


The priuileges granted by the Emperour of Ruſsia to the 


Englifh merchants of that company : obteined the 22 Sep- 
tember Ann. 1567, by M. Anthony Ienkinſon. 


Ne onelp ſtrengthener of all things, aud God without beginning, which was 
V before che world, the Father, the Don e, and the Holy ghoſt, our onelie God in 
Crinitie, and maker of all things, whom we wonſhip in all things, and in all pla⸗ 
ees, the doer and fulliller of all things, which is the perkect knowledge giuer ol 
che true God, our Loyd Jeſus Chyilt, with the comforter the Holy ſpitit, thou 
WW NS twhich art che frengthencrofour faith, keepe vs together, and giue bs health to 
preferue our kingdome, thou giuer of all good fruites, and helper of all Chpittian belecuers. 


Me great lod by che grace of God, and great duke Iohn Vaſiliwich, of all Ruſſia, Vollodimar, 


Moſco, Nouogrod, Caſſan, Aſtracan, Plaſeo, Smollensko, T wire, Vgorie, Vateque, Bulgar, 


Sybir and others, Emperoꝛ, and great duke of Nouogrod of the lower land, ot Chirnygo, Ka 


Pollotskie, Roſtoue, Vereſlaue, Bellozer, Vdar, Obdar, Condine, ad lopd of many other lands, 


andof all the Month parts, commander and lozd of Liffe land. 


Mhereas our ſiſter Queene Elizabeth. by the grate of God, Queene of England, Frunte and 
Irland, hath witten to vs her letters, that we would grant her merchants, Milliam Gerrard, 


Mulliam Cheſter, Nawland Ieyward, Lawrence hpuſſie, John March, Anthony Jenkinſon, 


illiam 


398 The voyages and diſcoueries The Emperors privilege, 
ey 


William Nowlie, and their company of England, to come in Chippes into this kingdome, aun tieg 
merchants, William Garrard aud his company, haue required of bs that we would grant audi 
cence them to come into our country of D wina, with all kinde of wares at will, to our citieof Mol. 
co, and to all our caſtles in our kingdomes, we fo our fitters fake Elizabeth. bp the grace of Gen, 
Queene of England, France and Jrelaud, haucticencedher ryerchants, Titiliiam Garrard mp 
his company to paſſe in thippes to our kingdotne of Colmogro, and to the land of Dwina, amy 
all other our inheritanres in the Noꝛth parts with all kinde of wares to dur atie ol Moſco andi 
all taſtles and tomnes in our kingdome. And fir William Garrard and his company Defiredof bg 
that we would grant them licence ta paſſe co our :: heritanceot᷑ Caſſan and Aitracan, andinta om 
inhertance of Nouogrod the great, and to aur inberitance of Lifte land to Narue and Dope 
to other our catties and tonnes of Liffe land, with all kinde of wares, and the trade to be dutdont 
tuſtome, which requel: we haue grantedto fir William Garrard and his tompanp and haue ginn 
them licence to pale to our inheritaute of Caſſan and Aſtracan, and Nouograd the great did 
to our inheritante of L iffe land, Narue and Dorpe, aud other places of our inheritance in Lite imd 
with all kinde of wares, to bup, barter and (ell at will, without cuſtome : and what wares ſorutt 
they hing out of England, oꝛ out ot any other countrep, necofull opneceflarp, that they hall bang 
all thoſe wareg needtull op neceflarp to our treaſurp, thoſe wares there to be opened, and then ty 
take out of the fame, ſuch wares as ſhalbe needfull fo our trealuty, and the ret being deliucred z 
gaine, to fell and batter at their pleaſure, and to fell none of the line wares befoꝛe ther be ſeene y 
Dur chancelers, extept opting clothes, and other wares not meete for our trealurie: and when our 
chanceler will ſend our treaſure out of our trealurie with them, they (hall cake it with them, un 
fo fell and barter it fo wares mecte loꝛ our treaſurie, and bꝛing it to dur treaſurie, and they totake 
no other mens wares to barter op fell with them, nop yet. gur people to buy op fell for themthen 
wares: and if thoſe Engliſh merchants do defire to paſſe out of dur kingdome of Aftacante Bog. 
har, Shamakie, Chaday, op into any other countrpes, o; els to goe into theix owne countrep, then 
thepto take theyptreafire wich them, and to bartcr and {ell it foꝛ wares neceffarie foz our creature, 
and to bring it and deliuer it to our chanteler, and when they tome backe againe to our inheritance 
of Caſſan and Aftracan, q to any other of our caftles and do wnes, that then our captaine of Cat 
fan and Aſtracan, and all vther our people of charge ſhall not holde them, but with {peed letthem 
paſſe without taking cultome of them, 92 then wares, and without opening oz looking vpon them 
in any baile: and when they haue not our treaſure with them, that then Ihe wile no cuſtome ſhall be 
taken ol them no} their wares to be {ene of any man. 

And likewile we . them to buy and ſell in all our kingdomes and cafiles, twithall 
finde of waxes: and we haue alſo licenced them, that when thoſe Engliſh merchants doe deſurtd 
bup and fell with our merchants wholly together, that they ſhall haue libertie ſo to do wholly toge 

sand they that doe defire to fell theiro une wares by retaile in their owne houte, that then they 
fell it in they owne houſe by retaile to our people, ¢ other ſtrangers as they tan agree:and weighs 
and arſhenids to be kept in theyꝛ houle with our ſeale, and they themlelues to barter and ſell then 
one wares: and no Nuſſe merchant in Moſco, q anyother place in our kingdome, not to fell fy 
them anp wates, ho to buy op barter any wares foz them, no; couler any ſtrangers goods. And 
vheras thoſe merthanes of England, fir William Garrard and his company, do deſire to (ell thee 
wares at Colmogto, Dwina, Vologda, Yeraflaue, Coftrum , and in Nouogrod the lower, 
Caffan, Aftracan, great Nouogrod, Plasko,Narue, Dorpe, and inotber our townes and cafiles, 
they (hall haue theyz will to fell it: and of their wares of England and Nuſſe land no cuſtome hall 
be taken neither they noꝛ thers waren ſhalbe taped in anp places and when they vepart out of Mof- 
co, to aduertiſe our chanreloꝭ thereof, and not tu giue any note op inuentorp ot anp kinde of then 
wares they tarry away: and when the Engliſh merchants, fir Chiltan Garrard and his comps 
nie, doe tome vpon the fea, and by miſtoztune haue theyz ſbippes cal away vpon thoſe coattesot 
the orth partes, then we will they goo des to be ſought out with truth, and to be deliuertd tole 
William Garrard and his cumpany, tohiriy as chen ſhall be found in our tountrey: and ik that ſe 
Milliam Garrardes company be not in the Moſco no; in our countrep, then we will and com 
mand that thoſe gvodes oltheyꝛs thall be layd vn in a place of ſafegard vntill ſuch time as the faye 
fir ¶Milliam Garrard oz his company come to den and the lame: and then at them comming wee 
will that it thall be velinered. And whereas heerecofore wer haue giuen fie NAliam Gams 
and bis companie in this our kingdome of Moſco, the new cattle by the church of B. Maxim, 
behinde the market, they (hall there Mill holde theyz houſe as heeret ofdꝛe wee baue giuen chem 
paping no cuſtome fo che fame : ann wee allo doe licence them to keepe one Rulle porter nm 
two, 0) els of they) otone countrex, and thoſe porters Chall dwell with them, and 9 


be Emperors Priuilege. 


ippes into this kin 

Dof bahar ine toaln gine 

thee kabel eee aie Met 
,bpt 

serchante, Uitiam Core 


9 atrard 
and to the land of Dwina, po 
wares to our atie of Mofcoannyy 

and bis company Defired ot ia 
Caſſan and Aſtracan, and into om 
ilfe land to Narue and Do 
wareg, and the trade to be bim 
Dand his companp and baueciney 
and Nouograd the great, avin 
ace of cur inheritancein Lifelnd 
it cuſtame: and what wares leut 
ll oxneceſſary, that they hall bung 
res there to be opened, and thenty 
ep, and the ree being deliutred z. 
fine wares befoze they be ſeene by 
ete Foz our treaſurie: and when one 
„ tber Chall take it with chem, ad 
it to dur trealurie, and they totale 
people to bup op fell for them 
ur peo ae of Aſttacanto Bog. 
hoc into their owue county, 
warez neceſſarie fo? urge 
me backe againe to our inheritance 
eg, that then our captaine of Cat 
olde chem, but with ſpeed letthen 
out opening oz looking vpon then 
t then lte wile no cuſtome tall be 


ekingdomes and callles, vuthul 
fe Englih merchants doe defieetn 
haue libertie ſo to do wholly come 
dog re houſe, aan 
| tan agret:and wei 

themlelues to barterand fellthen 
ce in our kingdome, not to fell fo) 
wuler any ſtrangers gvods. And 
bis company, do deſire to ſell iht 
n, and in Nouogrod the lower, 
d mother our townes and callleß, 
Dand Nuſle land no cuſlome thall 
and when they vepart out of Mof- 
n inuentoꝝp of anp kinde of then 
Ailliam Garrard and bis comps 
es caſt away bpon thoſe coalles ot 
ch trutb, and to be deliuered tu lt 
nd in our countrey: and ik that fie 
countrep, then we will and com 
fegard until ſuch time as the faye 
3 and then at then comming et 
aue given fir Muliam Garn 
le by the church of H. Maxim, 
eeret oloze wee haue giuen them 
em to keepe one Rufle potter n 
well with them, and not * 


M.Tho.Randolfe. of the Engliſn nation. 399 


im barter, nod bup fox them: Aud allo J haue graunted them to buy a houſe at Vologda, 
anpat Colmogro p in anp other place, where they can choofe fox themſelues anp good harbour. 
aapthere they do fet vp chole houſes in hole places at their otme charges: and in Vologda 9 
deotier houſes to keepe two op three porters of their owne, 02 els tivo oꝛ the Ruſſes, aud theit 
spares tobe layed vp in thoſe houſes, andto (el their one wares at wil: and the popters without 
chend fell none of their wares, neither pet to bup auy loʒ them. And our officers of Colmogro, 
aap Dwina,and of ocher ous callles and townes ſhall not looke ouer their wares, no take any 
catome thereok: neither ſhall thoſe Eng liſb Marchants fir William Garret, and his company be 
word by any of them. And when the Eng lilh Parchants hall ſende from our kingoome their 
stone ptople into their owne Countrep by lande ouer other kingdomes whatſoeuer they be, they 
im without ware ſend their owne people at their pleaſure. And when any matter of lawe doeth 
fal an in their trade of Marchandiſe, then they hall be iudgen by our Chance llours, and lame 

pone with equitie betwixt our people and them. And when they cannot be iudged by law, 
chepthen thalbe tried by lots, and whole lot is Giri taken out, he ſhall hauethe right: And if it hap · 
mp olthole Marchants to haue any matter of lawe in any other part of our Dominions for 
eaneot Marchants, then our Captaines, Judges and chiefe officers, Hall heare the matter, and 
aminilter Juſtice with equitie and trueth. and where lawe can take no place to be tried by lots, 
nnd bis lot that is fir taken out to hauethe right, and ſoꝛ their matters of lawe no cuſtome to bee 
— wee fop our fitters fake Elizabeth haue graunten, that none belive fir William 
Guret aud bis Companie, out of what king dome ſoeuer it bee, England oz other, Chall not come 
intuade ol Marchandiſe noz otherwile to Colmogro, no} to the Niuer Ob nop within Ward- 
bouſe non to Petzora, noꝛ Cola, uo Mezen, no} to the Abbey Petchingam, na tothe I ſlande of 
dilauye, no to any mouth of the riukr ol Dwina, no; to anp part of the North Countrey of our 
tu: and it any Marchant, out of what Countrey foeuer it be, doe come with ſhippe on ſhippes, 
bulles, o any other kinde ok veſſell to any ok our harbors, within all our Noꝛth parts, wee will, 
r goods, ſhippe o2 ſbippes, Mhalbe conliſcate, and forfeiced to vs the Empe⸗ 
tour and great Duke. 

Giuen in our kingvome and houſe of Mofco, the peere from che beginning of the twoplv 7000, 
therfcore and ſirteene, in the moneth of September, and in the 3 4, peere of our raigne,and in our 
conquett of Caffen 16. and in our conqueſt of Aftracan 15. 


Peruſed and allowed by be: 
Anthonie Ienkinſon. 
William Rowlye. 
Thomas Hawtrye, 
Thomas Sowtham. 


Rafe Rutter,tranflatour hereof out of the Ruſſe 
tongue, 


The Ambaſſage of the right worfhipfull M. Thomas 
Randolfe Eſquire, to the Emperour of Ru/Sia,in the yeere 
156 8. Briefly written by himſelfe. 


eving in che roabe at Harwich with my comp 
lee che wald. 


4. ö 
5 2 ing our courſe directly North. till wee came to the Nonth Cape, wer failed fox 
thelpare of 1 2, vapes with a pꝛolperous winde, without temyelt on outrage of ſea: Hauing come 
North Cape, we Directed our courſe flatte Moutheaſt, hauing vpon our right hande 
otway, Wardhouſe, Laplande, all out of ſigbt till wee came to Cape Gallant: And fo 
We derweene two Bares, the two and thirtieth day after ous departure from Har- 
» wee call antre at S. Nicholas roave . In all the time of our bopage, more then the 
great nomber of Mhales ingenderiug together, 14 wee might plainelx e 
0 


— 


Abe 22. bayof June, in che peere of our Lend 1568. Jwent aboopde the Harry, zu mt 
5 an 55 ante, being totbe nomber of 4o. as Zank, 
alverfong op there about: of which che one balfe were Gentlemen, delirous to Putzen 


er 
UHithin one daytn ſuyling, we were out of che Sight of all Iande and follo w- 1e Werds. 


4 


The abbep of 


00 The voyages and diſcoueries A. Th. Rundoft 


Sperma Cera, which we might (ee wimming vpon the fea, there was no great thing to be top, 
vered at. Sometimes we had calmes, wherein our Mariners filhed and tooke good Cope Hh 
ts. At S. Nicholas wee landed the 23. of Jul, where there ſtandeth an abbey Of Ponken e 
bods 


26. owl e nomber of 20.) built all of wood: the apparel of the Monkes is ſuperſtitious, in blacke 


The Engliſ 
bane abe 
Ricpolas, 


The riuer of 
Dwina. 


Colmogro. 


as cours haue bene. Their Church is laire but full of painted images taperg, and candles. Ther 
owe houſes are lowe, and mall roomes, They lie apart, thep cate together, and are much gun 
to dunkenneſle, vnlearned, write they can, pꝛeach they doe neuer, ceremonious in their Churth 
and long in their pꝛayers. 3 

At my firk arriuall J was pꝛeſentev from their Pꝛio with two great rye loaues, ii Heeb ie 
and frech ok diuers forts, both (ea ſiſh and freth water, one ſheepe aliue, blacke with a white fact g 
be the oe grateful vnto me, aud ſo with many ſolemne toozds inuiting me to fee their boute they 
tooke their leaue. 

To mne o habitation at 8. Nicholas there is none mone then about 4. houſes neert the abbey, 
and another built by the Engliſh Companie fo? their owne vle. 

This part of the Countrey is moſt part wood, ſauing here and there paſture € arable (sroun, 
many riuers and diuers Illands vnhabited, as the molt part of the Countrey is, fon the tobe 
in winter. 

8. Nicholas fanpeth NRo:theaſt: the eleuation of the pole 64. degrees. The river that numth 
there into the feats called D wina, very large but hallow, This riuer taketh his beginning abou 
7oo. miles within the cofttrep, and vpon this riuer ſtandeth Colmogro,¢ manp pꝛettie villages, 
well ſituated for patture, arable land, wood, and water. The riuer pleaſant bet weene high hilsef 
either five inwardly inhabited, and in a manera wildernes of high firre trees and ether toon, 

At Colmogro being 100, verſtes, which we accompt for 3. quarters of a mile euery verl nee 
taried 3. wetkes, not being fuffered to depart beloze the Emperour had woꝛde of our comming: 
who fent to meete vs a Gentleman ok his houle to conuey vs, and to {ee vs furniſhed of victuale, 


and all things needefull vpon his owne charge. 


at 


The allowance of meate and dinke was fo) euery day 2,rubbles befives che charge of boars 
by water, and 4, {core poſt honles by lande, with aboue 100. cartes, to carrie mp wines, audether 
carriage. g 

Colmogro is a great towne buildev all of mood ot wallen, but ſrattered houſe feb boule, Che 


people are rude in maners, e in apparellhomelpy, ſauiug vpon their feſtiuall, and marriage dapes, 


The people of this towne finding cõmoditie by the Engliſh mens trafique with them are much 
at their commandement, giuen much to munkennes and all other kinde of abominable vices, 

In this towne the Engliſhmen haue laudes of their otone given them by the Emperbut, in 
faire houſes with offices for their connnoditie very many. 

Okother cownes vntil J come to Vologda, I write not, becauſe they are much like tu this m 
the inhabitants not differing from chem. 

Avas 5, whole weekes vpon the riuer of Dwina till A tame to Vologda, being maben wih 
men againſt the ſtreame, for other palſage there is none. 

Vologda ſtandeth vpon the riuer of Vologda, which commeth into Dwina, The totwne is 
great and long, built all af wood, as all their totunes are. ; 

In this towne the Emperour hath butted cattle inuroned with a wall ol lone, and hrickeshe 
walles faire, aud high rounde about. Pere (as iu all ather their towues) are many Churches, 
fone built of bꝛicke, the reſt of wood, many Monkes and Nunneg in it: A towne allo o great 
tralique and many rich Marchants there dwelling, 


From hente we paſſed by land cowardes Moſco in poſte, being 500, verſles great, which ur 


equall with our miles. In cheir townes we baited oz lay being poũ townes. 
The Country is very faire plaine ¢ pleaſant, wel inhabited. come, pallure menowwes proagh 
riuers, and woods, faire and goadly, 

At Veraſlaue, wee paflen the riuer of Volga,nnme chen a mile ouer, This riner taketh hiabe 
ginning at Beatla Ozera, ę deſtendeth hits Mare Caſpium, voꝛtable cheno of very great belli 
with flat bottomes, which karre palle any that our Counttey bſeth. 

To laile by this riuer into Mare Caſpium the Engliſh Companie cauſed a barbe to be built of 
27 ſdunne, which there was neuer feene before: This barke built, and readie rigged to the len wt 
her whole furniture, colt not the compauie aboue one hundzeth markes there. 

Co Moſeo wer came about the ende of September, receiued by no man not fo much an n 
dune Countreymen ſufferep to meete vs, which bzed luſpicion in mee, o lome other courfe i 
tended, then we had hitherto fons, 5 me 


— 
ies M. Th. ‘Randalfe, 


— 
there was no great thing to be 

lichen, and tooke good 1 — 
re ſtaudeth an abbey * 
tes is ſuperſtitious, in blacke hen 
mages, tapers, and candles. Che 
eate togetber, and are much giv 

er, ceremonious in char Chun 


two great rye loaues, ih b 
pe aliue, blacke with a pen 


doug teehee 
en about 4. outed meer te ate, 


“a there paſture e arable 
of che Countrey is, fon the colduiſſe 


4 degrees, The river that rune 
s riuer taketh bis beginning abou 
olmogro, MAND pꝛettie village, 
iuer plealant bet weene high bileet 
igh firre trees and ether toon, 
quarters of a mile euery bert her 
rour had woꝛde of our c 
, and to fee vs furniſhed ol bac 


bles befives the charge of boates 
rtes to carrie my wines, audecher 


but ſcatterev houſe fro houſt. Che 


hetr leſtiuall, and marriage dapes, 
mens trafique with them are nuch 
her kinde of abominable vices, 


riven them bp che Emperour, an 
nute they are much like to this and 
eto Vologda, being dꝛawen with 
eth into Dwina, The totune i 
pich a wall of done, and hicks che 


cit cotuyes ) are many Churches, 
nnes in it: A towne alſo of great 


bolt townes. 
,coute, patturemenotues prough, 


e outer. TChisrinercaherb een 
8 


mie cauſed a barketo be built of 
vee gge ae a 
mal es 
Nr 
in mee, ok lome other cut 


Ping 500. verſtes great, which ut 


b . K , They pꝛeſſe 


: tm anfvere being nue he gaue me bis hand in token ofp welcome raufen me to fit done, 


ß eis ce ee eee ee 7 ; 
M. Th. Randolfe. ofthe Englith nation. 463 
wert bought to a houſe built of purpole bythe Emperout fo; Emibatlavours ft a» 5 te etal al pout 
—— ＋ — 
lemen were appointed to attend vpon me the one to lee vs futnither of vi nb vours. 


the Emperoꝛs allowance ꝛthe other to (ee that we ſhould n out of 

ayo quam ae ead come vnto vs, in whichthey left nothing vndone that ged to 
thet charge. But ſpectally he that looked to our perfons, fo ſcraighely handled vs chat we had no 
fall taufe to doubt that ſome euill had bene intended vnto vs. No ſupplication, ſuite, oz requeſt. 

take place fo our libextie. nop pet to came to his pefence, at 
paflen ouer 17. werkes in this font the Emperour fendeth word that we ſhould be reas 
fiatefbap the 20,0f Febutarie, at d. a clocke in the moming. 
"te houre being come that J ſhould go to the Court, che two Gentlemen, Priſtaues (as they 2. Puftanes. 


pesto depart, and mounted vpon their owne owne hopes and the Embaſladour vpon ſuch a aue as 
he bad boprowed, his men marching on ſoote, to their great griefe. 

The Embaſladour (being my ſelfe ) was conneped into an office where one of the Chancellors 
woeth fe to fit bein there accompanied with che 2,forefain Gentlemens J carried 2. long houreg 
belne J was {ent for to the Emperour. In the ende mellage being brought that the Emperour 
wns {et,7 was cunueven by my gentlemen vp a paite of ſtaites through a large roome, where fate 
bp my eſtimation 300, perſons, all in riche attire, taken out of the Emperours wardꝛobe for that 
bap, bpon three rankes ol benches, {et round about the place, rather to pꝛeſent a Maiettiechen that 

were either of qualitie oꝛ honour, 
the fir entrie into the Chamber, J with my cappe gaue them the teuchente lich as J 

ingen their ately ſitting, graue coumtenances,and ſumptuous apparel required, ind lecing that 
it was not anl weren againe ol any ol them. A conered my bead, and fo palling to a chamber where Ui admin 
the Cmperop was, chere receiued mee at the dooze fm my 2, Gentlemen oz gouernours two of ta the Empe⸗ 
the Emperors Counleller g and ſhe wed me to the Emperdd, and heught mec to the middle of the raus pꝛeſenet. 
chamber, where J was willen co anv Mill, and to ſap that which A had to ſay. dan ar en. 
preter opened my meſſage as J receiued it from the Queene my Miſtreiſe, from whom J came, at 
wholt name the Emperdur ſtood vp, & hemaunded diuers quoſlions of her healch and ſtate: where. 


un iner aſked me viuers queſtions. 

Chis done, A deliuered dennen ett te bezgl. The scenes 
tu wonghe, with verſes grauen in it.erprefling the biſtoxes woꝛkmauly ſet out in the fame, - 

All being faid and done, (as appeared) to his contentment, he lirenſed mer and my whole com: 
pany totepart, who mere all in bis pꝛeſence, and were ſalnted by him with a nodde of his head, and 
kadato me: A dine notshis bap openly for great attaites A baue. but A toil fend ther mp iner d 
am giue leaue to ther, and thine, co goe at libertie, and augment our allowance to chee mn token de 4 
uur lone and fauour to our ſiſter the Queene of England. 

Iwith reuerente onke my leaue, being tanueped by z. other ofgeate citing tia A 
bought mete the Emperchs figbe : who deliuered me to the two irl Gentlemen, who conducted 
meto the office there J fir was, where came vnto mee oue called the long Duke, with whom 
— — — 

Ultthin one boure after in domes to my lodging a duke richly apparellev, accompanied with 
sopertons; eche of chem carrying a mines ew il 47 R 
deleted 20, loaues of beeabefche Emperoze pape bt ye fame, ¢ deliuereth 
cust bith inca my bands and kaſted of cuerp hinde of dune 

Chis being vone she duke and his compauie e e 
e een e e elo tao ee 


dem nights alter the Enwperch bad willen ae he a ee 
sgh Long duke; . — — ae changes, 
mip appateltinta fur) as the Ruſſes hoe weare, found 


. ub tau 
1 


7 Be fo, Ihe voyages and diſcoueries Emperors prinileges, 
— ORE —d , ——. ̃r——.. ... 
Acgthn bee commended to my condutt into England, a noble man oc his, called Andrewe $2. 
unt Fig Embaſſadour, fop the better confirmation of his piuilenges graunted, and other 
tiations With her Paieſtie. And eee Seo contentment, the laide Emballd 
dour an. sp felfe departed, and imbarker at S. Nicholas about the eee arviued fate 
Ly at London in the moneth of September following, 


A Copie of the priuiledges graunted by the right high and 


mi tie Prince, the Emperour of Rufsia,¢oc: unto the right wore 
fhipful felowfhip of Englifh Marchants, for the diſcouerie ofnew trades: 
And hither at by Thomas Randolfe Ef uire, her Maieſties Em- 
baſſadour to the ſaid Emperour, An Andby Andrew Sauin 
his Embaffadour in the yeere of our Lord 
God 1569. 


a) Me God cuerlaſting, and without, and before the begiming, the Father, the 
7 % Sonne, and the holy Ghott,the bleſſed Crinitie, our onelp God, maker, d pur, 
ws “vat fod \| (eruer of all ching, and repleniſher of all ching s euery where, who by thy goon 
N A 105 5 nelle voeſt cauſe all men to loue the giuer of wilevome dur onely Mediatdur, an 

leader of vs all vnto bleſſed knowledge by the only Bonne his tow our Lone 


SOON Felis Chia holy and euerlaſting Spirit; Ano now in theſe our dapes teachett 
vs to keepe Chnidtianitie, and ſuffereſt vs to eniey our kingdome to the happie commoditie of our 
land, and wealth of our people in deſpite of dur enemies and to our fame with our friends 
Me lohn Vafiliwich 5 the grace ol God, great Loyd Emperour and great duke of al Nuſſa, 
Volodemaria, Moſcoula, Nouogrode, Emperoꝛ of Cazan, Tuerkie, Vgtirakie, Permiskie, Vo 
pr er marty others; Lon xreat duke ol the low Countrtis of Nouogorode, Chen 
9 ind 8 uskie,anb all 
iberland, Great commaunder of alt the parties, e ogre deo 
a a aud Meltward. 


aue Edward Iackman . — Lone Ducket *. — Edward Gilbex,, Laurence 
Hule, Francis Walfingham, Clement Thro morton, Iohn Quarles, Nicholas Whealer, Tho- 
mas Baniſter, Iohn Harriſon, Francis Butricham, Anthon ve wc e, ok. Somers, Nichard Wi- 
kinſon, loh. S Parke Richard Barne, Robert Woolms n, Thomas Nonne, homas Smith, Tho- 
mas Allen, Thomas More, William Billy, Richard Yong, Thomas Arkinſon, allſtantg. John 
Merfh Eth uire, leffrey Ducket, Franc dsbinſem tauften Field, and all the reſt oftheit Com 
panic and kellowihip; andtu their fucceffeurs and ve ee 
into our Counttey at Colmogorod Dwina, and tu all the orth patts nom being ours, 07 thet 


hereaſter {hall at aup tine be n ont peltelhn, by lea cturr ca rturr n land euen to dur great Titie or Mol 

oo it al che tobpntes of ou Centrex, eee 2 

ko ¢ Leifland Vriagodrod, to Nafue, scher torunes of Leifland 2 Aim to paſſe thong 

3 . deseo, Petfia, Casbin, ae ef aun other Countreis; And whereſoeuerthey 
chit „ . — treely all wares of tle uche 
apse tet tp 77 l Anion 
N an er Countrep 3 
hair, cn any their sip sen come bp the wap of 
waren into dur treaſure y out Cres 


Narue anpother dur 
— — 


W ö CO t 


mperors privileges, 


4 ol his, called Andrewe 8a. 
ges Fraunted, and other nego. 
Embai, 


14104 


he right high and 
to the right wore 
ouerie ofnew trades; 

er Maiefties Em- 

drew Sauin 

ord 


the begining, the Father, the 
our onely God, maker andy: 
8 euery where, who by thy good 
dome dur onely Mediatour, am 
only Donne his won our Lone 


now in theſe our dapes trathelt 
to the happie commoditie of our 
r fame wich our friends. 

tour and great dukte ak al Ruſſa, 
kie, Vgtrakie, Permiskis, Vo. 


ountreis ol Nouogorode, Chen 
Owderskie, Conduskie,andall 
nd yah ab 
F Cugland, #raunice Irvin, 
hanes; who hach made ſute that 


2;(6) bur ſiſter Elizaberhs ſaht, 
archantg che Gouernoutz, Cin 
Jay ward Air erman,loh, Tham. 
— Sir Wil. Cheſtet 
an, Edward Gilbert, Laurence 
arles, Nicholas Whealer, Tho- 
nis aga rer 
Browne, Thomas Smith, Tho- 
mas Arkinſon, aſſiſtantg. lohn 


Nouogorode dye grea. Pt 
eifland; 2 Aim to paſſe thong 
untreis; And whereſoeuerthey 
Pal tare of tle ihn 


Emperors prinileges. of the Engliſh nation. 


fin bs. Ano all fuch wares as we ſhal not need, our Chancellour to rede liuer p fame, Aud after the 
m of out Chancellours, to barter it freely to whome they will not felling any of tbeit wares 
geentul bm 08, before our Chancellour haue ſeene the ſame. And all other grolſe and heaun e 
chat thalbe needfull to our vſe, not being brought to Moſco to detlare and tell our Chance ua 
che fame wares : And to giue a note thereuf by name, and hotw much they leaue there, nat boughs 
ww HMoſco: andthen if we neeve not che ſaid wares the Engliſb Parchants, their feruants ¢ F ace 
ens, to conucy their maren the nerrelt wap to Vitiuge the great, and ſo to Colmogorod, delſe- 
dert at thett plealire, there to barter and (ell the fame, But chole wares that halve needeful fop 
gat Creaſurie, they hall not hide from vs in anp cafe. 

And when our Chauncellours ſhall fend our aduenture, with the ſald Marchants oz their acs 
tnstheptotake our aduentures with them. and ro ſe ll / to barter fo ſuch wares as ſbalbe meete 
fn out Treaſurie, andto returne it into our Trealurie. 

Aud when wee (hall ſende any aduenture into Eng land then our Chantel lour to giue them a 
perres warning, that their thips may be pꝛouided thereaſter. that by taking in of our ware, they 
ieme not their owne behinde them. 

And to take our aduenture peerely taben they goe into Perſia. 

Prither Half Engliſh marchants receiue o7 colour anyof eur peoples goods, nop barter no} {el 
ti amy wile ꝛlikewile our people not to barter for the faidEnglith marchants oz occupy for them. 
An when they ſhall come into our Empire of Cafan and Aſtracan, and other places of our 
Dontinions, then our Captaines of Cafan and Aſtracan, and our authoiſed people, quietly to let 
them paſſe not taking any toll oz cuſtome of their wares. nop once to make {earch thereof, 

Quo when we ſhall fend no aduenture with them, pet to ſuffer them freelp to pale, not v 
their wares, nop taking any kinde of cuſtome. And whatſoeuer Englich marchant will bargaine 
with our Marchants oz Factoꝛs ware foꝝ ware to barter the fame at their pleaſure. 

And whatſoeuertheir Marchant op F actors wil fel their wares at their houſe at Moſco, which 
poufe A granted them at S. Marims at the Moſco, they to fel § ware to our people, either ſtrangers 
asthep may beit vtter it keeping within their houle, arſhines, meafures,¢ waights vnder feales, 
4 UMebaue grauncen them the fai houle ar S. Maxims in the halle frer, and without ſtanding 
rent, as heretofore we did graunt it the ſaid Engliſh Marchants, fir Wil. Garrard, and the Com- 


um toume. 

And whatſoeuer Eng lich marc hant wil {el his wares at Colmogorod, Dwyna, Vologda, 
Yeraflave,Caftran Nouogrode, the lower Caſan, A ftracan, Nouogorode the great, Vapfkaghe 
Narue,Vriagorod,o at any other tones they co fel theit wares there at their pleaſure, Andor al 
tates aſwell of other tountreis as of Ruſſia, no officer op other to take any cuſtome , neither in any 
psa fap them in any wiſe, neither take anp kinde of toll of them for their wares twhate 


6 And whatſoeuer marchant thal bargaine oz bye any wares of Engliſh marchants: The ſaid 
Ruſſe not to returne thole wares vpon the marchants haldes againe,but to giue readie money fop 
the fain wares, otherwiſe they to craue the Juttice to giue right and to exetute the lawe vpon the 
fame with all expedition. And when che Englith marchants op factors thal rrauaile from Moſ- 
couie after the dilpatehe of their wares and bufines, then to ſhewe themſelues vnto our Chancel 
lours, whatſbeuer wares of theirs thall goe from Moſco they nutto ſhewe the ſame warts to any 
Our officers, nop pay no cuſtome nop toll in any plate. t 


it o happen the Eugliſh marchanes haue any wacke, and the thippes be bought to any 


port of out Dominions, we to command the laide goods to be enquired and ſought out, and to ber 
gen tothe Engliſh marchants being here abiding at that timt in our Countrey, the factors, ſer· 
Wants,o2 deputies, of the Companie aloꝛeſaid to whom we haue graunte this our gratious letter. 
And ifchere happen none bfthe Eng liſh marchants, faces, ſeruants 7 deputies to bee in out 
Countreis at fuch time, then we will all the laid goods te be fought out and beRowed in fome ton 
wenient place, and when any ofthe Companie afoꝑewnitten. iuging theſe our letters wall com 
& their goods. we to tummaunntheir goods to be reſioped into them. a 5 

2 Liketwile wee haue granted leaue to o rn 
a 5 9 3 


i ge ee ee 
404 The voyages and diſcoueries AA. Tl. Nundoſf. 


and aſliſtants, namely, fir William Garrard knight, Rowland Hayward, and the Companir u 
builee houfes at Vollogda, Colmogro, and the ſeaſide, at Iuangorode,at Cherell, ano in ay 
oi* Mees of our Dominions, as thall bee needefull fop their trade. And they to keepe 

la. ane houlekeeper, a Ruſſe, and two 0 the men to keepe their wares at the fain 

man Ale thereokto whome they will, they, theit Factoz og deputies:the {aid houſebeeper ng 
to buy og lell for them. 

9 Allo wee haue given and graunted to the Engliſh Marchants, their boule which 

by our goodneſſe at S. Maximes in the Zenopskie, ano other their houſes in the towne of Zenop. 
skie, made fon the better aſſurance of their goods aud all ſuch as they ſball ſet vp hereafter halle 
of the Opriſſini and will make them knowen to all them of Opriſſini. 

10 And whereas by our goodnes we baue genmencheme Ropetoute at Vologda being ian 
fromthe Eng liſh warchants houſe, nowe we haue giuen them to builde a houle for that vſe by the 
ſaid Eng liſb houſe, and haue giuen and graunted them (ol our goodneſle) ground, one hundzeth 
and foureſcoze fadome long, and fiftic fadomes in breadth, accopding to their otone requiſt. 

11 Allo, we haue ok our goodnelſe giuen and graunted to the Englith Marchants, leaue to buy 
them a houfe at Witchida, ind there to ſearch out mines of pꝛon. And where thep thal happily tine 
it, there to fet vp houſes foꝛ the making of the fame pron: and to make the fame, of our goodueſee 
haue graunted them woods ue o fire miles compalle about the ſaid houſes, to the making ofthe 
ſaide pꝛon, and not to exceede theſe bounds and limits: And where they ſhall cut the ſaide wood, 
not to let vpany village oꝛ farme there, lyinging the artificers ka: making oktheir mon, outof 
their owne Countrep, and to learne our people that arte, and fo freely occupying the ſaide pon in 
thefe our Dominions, trauſpozting alſo of the fame home into England, allowing fo euerp 
pound one dingo o M. pennie. 

12 And if any ofthe tain pron ſhalbe needful! n our woꝛkes chen we to take of the ſaide ponte 


our worke, vpon agreement of price, paying moiey out of our Crealurie fop the fame ; And when 
the {aid Eng liſh Parchants of F actors (halt fend their owne people out of our Nealme into ther 
Countrepouer land though any Countrep tohatloeuer, freelp to fend the fame with our words, 

13 Allo, we ofour geodneſſe haue graunted, chat if any man mifule che ſaide Englith,che Fars 
tons oz ſeruants, D> the ſaide Engliſh Warchants, their F actors oꝭ ſeruants abuſe any otherat 
Moſcouie, o; anp other our tones whatloeuer within our Dominions in trade of Parchandile 


oz ocherwiſe, then they to haue vpꝛight iullice in all ſuch matters of our counfaile the Oprifinie 
without all let 02 delap; But if our Juſtice may not ag ee the parties then lots to be made andi 
whole lotte it Hall fall, to him the right to bee giuen, and that onelp our counafatle at Moſcouie, 
and none ot our Captaines, oz authopilen people. oz officers in anp other our tones, giue mage 
ment vpon the ſaid Engliſh Marchants foz any thing. 

14 Allo if any ſtranger thal haue matter of controuerſie wich any Englith Marchant, Factory 
ſeruant, abiding within chefe our Realmes, op contratywile any Englich Marchant, Fat ez 
ſeruant, agaiuſt any other ſcranger, in all thoſe caufes our Counfatle of the Opriſſinie, to gine 
them Jultice, and to make an agreement ¢ eude betweene the parties, without all delaye; am 
none to deale therein, ſaue our Counſaile of the Opriſſinie: 15 Anm ik any man haue action # 
gaintt any Eng liſh Marchant being ablent that then in his ablence it Hhalbe lawful fo; anp other 
Eng lichman at his alſignation to anfwere his cauſe. 

16 Tany Eugliſhmian happen to be wounded op beaten to death o; auy Ruſſe op ſtranger flaine 
op beaten. 17 Oꝛ any ſtollen goods to be found in the ſaide Eng liſh houſes, then our Countellers 
to cauſe the guiltie perfons to be ſought out, and to doe right and Juſtice in the cauſe, and the par 
tie that is guiltie, (fhe deſerue puniſhment, to be coprecten accopding|p after his offence, Thatthe 
fate Eng liſh Marchants, factors and ſeruants, ſuſtaine thereby no hinderance op damage. 

18 And whatfoeuer Eng lich Marchant, Fatto, ſeruant, or deputie, ſhalbe guiltie of any faul, 
deſeruing our difpleature, then our Counfailers to caufe the guiltie partie to goe bnver {uerties, 
and their goods to be ſealed and kept, vntill our plealure bee further knowen, and our Counſaile 
to examine their offence, and ſo to report it vnto be, that wee map command what (hall ber done 
therein and none other to be arreſten en haue their gods ſealen, which are not guiltie of thet ob 
kente, noꝛto ſtay op apmehend them in anx of our Dominions for the fame, ; 

19 Ikany Engluh Marchant, Fatto oz ſeruant thal offend, it halbe lawfull fop their Agente 
doe hittice vpon the fain partie n to fend him home intu England at his pleaſure. 

20 Ff any Enatih Marchant, Factor op ſeruant, haue lent 0 hereaſter (hall lende money to 
any of our people, om crevice them with toares, and fo nepart into anp fopreigue Countrey,@ 
dit before the debt bee due to be patde, then our people sud Spans co pape che fine de, 


P , . 


8 AA. Th. Rendo. 


I — ee 
lay ward, aud the Companiry 
rangorode,at Cherell, amd inal 
trade. And they to heepe at the 
e their wares at the {aid house, 
eputies: the ſaid houſekeeper net 


nes, cheir houſe which they he 
t houles in the towne of Zeno 
cep ſhall ſet vp hereafter thaibe 
fini, , 
pehoute at Vologda,being fare 
builde a houle ſoꝭ that vie bp che 
dodneſle) ground, one hundzeth 
ing to their owne requeſt. 
nglith Parchanta, leaue tu buy 
nd where they thal happilpinde 
make the fame, of our goodueſſe 
fat houſe s, to the making ofthe 
eve they ſhall cut the ſaide wood, 
§ for making ok their pron, outof 
eelpoccuppig the faive ponin 
England, allowing fop euerp 


en we to take of the ſaide monte 
realurie fog the ſame; And when 
pple out of our Realine into cher 
fend the fame with our wos. 
ufule the {aide Engliſh the Face 
28 orferuants abuſe any otherat 
ninions in trade of Marchandile 

8 of our counſaile the Oprifinie 
ies, chen lots to be made, andto 
ly our counafaile at Mofcouie, 
p other our tolunes, giue imdge 


Englich Marchant, ame 
Englich Marchant, Facto n 
ſaile of the Opriſſinie, to gine 
ties, without all delape; am 
Aud if any man haue action a 
nce it ſhalbe lawful foʒ any other 


h oz aup Ruſſe op ſtranger laine 
ch houſes, then our Counſellers 
ſuſtice in the caule, and the pats 
xly after his offence, Thatthe 
o hinderance op damage. 

putie, halbe guiltie of anp fault, 
tie partie to goe vnder ſuertien, 
her knowen, and our Counſaile 
v command what {hall bee dom 
hich are not guiltie of that ob 


fame, 
pathe lawfull ton their Agent to 
at his pleafure. 


Chappell andthett adherents / we haue commanded the fame eee 
* 34 


M.Tb.Randolfe of the Engliſh nation. 


facton,m ſeruunt vo buing bis bill of debt co our Counſell, to ſhewe them what is dur, ang what 
monty is oming them for any ware: and thus to doe trulp not adding anp whit co the debẽ, and 
aur Counſel co conunand che debt to be diſcharged onto the Eng liſh Parchanc,factor,o7 ſeruant, 


tithont belay, f 
21 Gud tobarfoeter Englilh qarrbant ſhall be arteſten for debt, then out Counſell to conv 
mandthe partie vnder arreft to be deliueren to the Agent : and ik he haue no ſuertie, to bind the A. 
gent wich him ioz the better force ol the band. a ; 

And ifanp Eugliſhman be endebted, we will the Creditoz not to taſt him in pꝛiſon, oz to nelis 
uer him to che Sergeant, lelt che officer lole him hut co cake ware in paume of the debt. 
25 Allo of bur goodnes, we haue granted the Engl Mart bants to fend our Commiffion to all 
tur Townes, Captaines and authoziſed men, to defende and gard the ſaide Parchants from all 
thetue s robberg, and euill diſpoled perſons. 
23 Ain comming oꝛ going to and kro our dominions, the Merchants the factoꝛs, o ſeruants be 
fpoiled on the ſea, dur Counſell (hall ſend our letters, and will them to be fought out, and where 
they thal finde the goods cauſe it to be reſtoꝛed againe, and the offender to be pumiſhed, accoꝛding to 
our commandement. 1 
24 Aifo of our goodnes we haue granted the lalde Merchants to take bp Brokers, Packers, 
Mayer, and ſuch like labourers, as (hall be needefull for them, paying foz their hier as the labo⸗ 
ters aud they ſhall agre. 
25 Ulle litewiſe of our goodnes . haue licenſen the Englith Merchants in our Townes of Mof- 
lo Nouogorode the great, aud Pasko that the Coiners of the ſaid Townes ſhall melt Dollers, 
and coine money fo them, without cuſtome, allowing foz coales, and other necellaries , withthe 


workemanthip, 
26 Allo ok our gosdnes, wee haue granted to the fain Engliſh Merchants, to take potte hozſe at 
necdefull times, leauing with our otiicers a note hom many they take, and not ela, in no cafe hiu⸗ 
deting op diminiſhing our trealurie. ; 
27 Alto fo our fitter Queene Eliz abeths Cake, we of our goodnes haue granted to the merchants 
within mitten, this our letter, and co their ſucceſſoꝛs that no Englühman, no; any other franger, 
come without the Queenes leaue to Colmogorode the riuer of Vob, Vaſiagy, Pechora, Cow- 
layeMefeyne,Pechmecoue,Zeleuetskyes Iſland, the riuer of Shame, non to no other hauen of 
Dina, ncꝭ tu any part ofthe not jfide of Dwina. hy hetherward of Wardhouſe, to anp bauen, 
with ſlippe, Bulle, oz any other volſell, no to occupie in any kind of waies, but onely the ſald En 
gliihcompanie and their ſurceſſoꝝs, tu whome we of our goodnes haue granted this priuilenge, 
5 55 ee eee Queenes leaue, ſhall come wich any wares, tu 
atue, o; riogoro e. 
19 And whatfoeuer Euglib Perchant fkranger, or other ol whatſoeuer Countrep he be, thatk 
wich up bhippe, Bulle dn any other vellell to any of che laid hatiens,of che north fibe, co cry 
petto Dina by Nonththe Narie, q Vriagorode, without the Ducenes leaue op knowledge, 


doe being of the company aboue wnitten. wee to appꝛehende and take the ſame velſell fromthole 
Orangers and the one halle to vs the Emperour, and great Duke, and the other halle 
tothe companie ok Eng lich Metchants. 


20 Allo of our goodnes, we haue granted the fain companie ol Englich merchants that no Eng: 
lihmerchants oz ſtrangers thal palſe though our Dominions, to Boghare, Pertia, Casbin, 
e Countreies, laue onely the companie ok Engliſh merchants, and our owne 


gers. a 

3t Allo whatſneuer Engliſhman, connning out ol England oz any other Countrep, into our dos 

miions without the Queenes leaue, and nawlepge, not being of the ſaiv companie, written 

hithin thoſe our letters, mind, and purpoſe, to abide in our Realme, the Queenes will 

n pleafure op any way abuſe himfelfe,che Agent hall freely fend him home, tothe Queene his 
igne: which tr che Agent of himſelfe be wnable to do, let hum pꝛay fo) aide of the Captaines 

mbofficets of our Townes there being and fo ſend himto pyiton, and will the ſalde Captatnes 

notte hinderthe fato A gent from fending home ſurh euill perſons into England. f 

32 Andtf any man within out Countrey, tunne alway tu any other towner an plate, the Engliſb 

merchants and attos to haue free libertie to appꝛehende him, and take their goods from hem a 


33 And agen our puuiledge giuen to Thomas Glouer,Ralfe Rutter, Chriſtopher Bennet, lohn 


4.05 
w whome eure thal be appotnern tothe Ga roome op charge, and che laid Gngldh sparchane, 


7G The vopagusaid dlcboakes SET gnd cab 


Allo we of our goodnes haue granted the aid company of Engliſd merchanes, their im 
cette feruants and deputies chat doe 0} (hall remaine at Mus ko q; elferobere within our dmx 
ons freely to keepe their oume lawe: and in any wilt none of oursto fozce them to our lame q 
—— ts ti compan of ng rrehne, we pert tage, 

> an 0 +] 

e Mere Vilogsto e,anb other ot totones of —- baue tne te 
fore time, from che beginning of the woꝛld 7077, in the moneth of June 20. indiction. 12, Che 
peere of our Lopothip ¢ reigne 3 5, andof our Empire of Rufland 23. Caſan 17. Allracan 15, 


Other ſpeciall graunts by his Maiefties priuate letters at the 
Juste of Maſter Randolph Embaffadour. 


eee out of pꝛiſon of Fitzherbert, that was actuſed for writing of letters agatul the 
mperour. 

Liberty giuento Thomas Greene that was artuſed, ¢ troubled vpon ſuſpit ion of his dealing, 
with che Embaſſadour, and licence giuen to him ta traffique as he was accuſtomed. 

Andrew Atherton and his ſureties releaſen at the Narue and his ſeruaunt at the Mosko, tha 
were in trouble fo) ſending the merchants letters into England. 

1 graunted to Thomas Southam tothe Counſaile foʒ iuſtice againſt chem that ſtole the 
pearles. 

Bo ton kauour pꝛomiſed to the Artiſicers, and liuings to be appointed them as they can 
deſerue. 

A letter to the merchants that went into Perſia to pafle freelp without impeachment in bis 
dominions, as alſo letters of fauour to the great Shawe of Perſia. 

A graunt vnto the companie that at what time ſoeuer, they fend to the diſcouery of Cataya,thep 
ſhalbe licenſed to repaire onto this countrey and haue ſuch conducts and guides, Parriners, vel 
ſels, Pen, and victuals as they ſhall ſtand in neede of, 

It is alſo pꝛomiſen by Kneez Alfanas, and Peter Gregori wich in the rs name, thet 
if Benet Butler q auy Engliſhman complaine, deface, hinder in way of tr „Motherhiſe 
goe about to diſtredite the woꝛſlipfull cumpanie, and their voinges, that therein they ſhall nt 
bee harde, and the doers to bee punithen, as in {uch cafes they thalbee iudged to haue veley 


urd, 
Certaine perfons graunted to be fent home into England that lerued che company, and were 
prardifers againſt them in chat countrep, 


A Commifsion giuen by vs Th. Randolph, Embaſſadour forthe 
Queenes Maieftie in RufSia, and Th. Bannifter,coc. Vnto Tames Baffendine, 
Tames Woodcocke and Rich. Browne, the which Baſſendine, Woodcocke, and Browne we 
appoint ioyntly together. and ayders, the one ofthem to the other in a voyage of difco- 
uery to be made (by the grace of God) by thein for ſearching of the ſea, and bor- 
der of the coaſt, from the riuer Pechora, to the Eaſt wardes, as hereaſter fol- 
loweth Ann. 1588. The firſt of Auguſt. 


N Rpimig, when pour barke with all furniture is ready, vou hall at the beg 

asg of the peere (as ſuone as pou pollcble map) make pour repairetothe Er 

vce derne part of che riuer Pechora, where is an Bland called Dolgoieue, 1m 

eam chence pou thal paſſe to the Eatwardes alongett by the Ben coat u 

ol Hug orie on che mapne lande of Pechora, andfapling alongſt bp the fame 

coaſt, vou thall pafle within ſeuen leagues of the Mand Vaigattes which isia 

che ſtraight, almolt halle way fromthe coaſt of Hugorie, vnto the toaſt of Noua Zembla, mich 
Alland 1 e and Noua Zembla, pou {hail fine noted in your plat,cherefore pou thal 

11 0 couet it: but poceeve on alongett che cvalt of Hugoric, towardes the uu 


Chere is a Bay betweene the thine Vaigattes, x the riuer Obba, that both byte tothe Saul 
wardes, into the lande of Hugorie,in which Bay are two fall riuers, the one called Cara Re- 
ca, the other Namiye, ag in the paper d notes tobich are guten ta poubeelne, ey mmr 


. Randolfs comm, 


rfetwbere within our 
sto fee them to outlate @ 


, we permit all 10 
— — 
June 20. indiction. 12. Te 
3 Caſan 17. Aliratan 15, 


late letters at the 
dour. 
writing of letters agatnt the 
luſpit ion of bi 
cont la agp 
sferuaunt at the Mosko, tha 
lice againſt them chat ole the 
be appointed them as they can 
Without impeachment in bis 


to the diſcouery of Cataya,thep 
sand guides, Parriners, vel 


inthe rs name, that 
wapoftr e, M otheruiſe 
8 , that therein they ſhall not 
thalbee iudgen to haue delt 


ferued the company, and wen 


Embaſſadour for the 
Ynto Tames Baſſendin, 


Voodcocke, and Browne we 
pther,in a voyage of difco- 
ing of the fea,and bor- 

rdes as hereafter fol- 


8 ready, you ſhall at the beg 
make pour repaiteto the Er 
land called Dolgoieue, m 
a by the Sea 
Mand Vaigattes whichisia 
toaſt of Noua Zemb! 
pur plat, cheretope pou thallast 
ugorie, tuwardes the nu 


to the Spent 
5 


lias 


: 


t . .. 
Ii. Randolf commif. of the Engliſh nation. 407 


n ‘Bape you (hall not nerde to ſpende any time fo ſeatthing of it. bitt to direct your courte 
mtperiner Ob, (if otherwuiſe pou be not tonſtraured to keepe alongſt che ſhoare,) and when pou 
Saeed pou ſhall not enter into it, but paſſe ouer, vnto the Caſterne parte of the 
of the ſaid riuer. 
. pou are at che Eaſterne part of the mouth of Obba Reca you ſhall from thence palle 
tothe Eu wards along tt by the boder of the lain coat, deſcribing the lame in ſuth perfect over, 
asyou can beft doe it. Dou ſhall not leaue the Carve coatte op bozder of the land, but palle alongſi by 
t leatt in light of the ſame · vntill pou haue fatten bp it fo farre tothe⸗Ealtwards, aud the time 
ofthe peere fo farve ſpent, that pou doe thinke it time lo you to returne with pour barke to lin ⸗ 
ter which craucll map well be thꝛee 02 400. leagues to the Ealkwards of the Ob, if the ſea doe 
reach fo karte as our hope is it doch: but and if you finde not the faivcoatt and fea to trende fo farte 
othe Ealtwards, pet pou ſhall not leaue the coat at any time. but proceede along i by it. as it Doth 
le leaung uv part of it vnſearthed, q; ſeene . vn lelle it be forne baye . oz riuer, that pou doe certain · 
ipknotw by the repoꝛt of the people. that pou (hall finde in thole bopbers , 7 elſe ſome certaine to» 
lens, wherby pou of pour lelues may iudge it to be fo, # 02 our hope is. that the {aid border of land, 
and le, doth in ſhoꝛt ſpace after you palſe the Ob, incline Eat, and fo tothe Bouthwardes . And 
therefore we would haue no part of the land of pour ſtarreboo d fine , as pou pꝛocerde in pour di⸗ 
courrie,co be left vndiſcouered. f 
But andikthe faid bo wer of land doe not incline fo tothe Ealtwards, as we pdeſuppoſe it, but 
thatit doe pꝛooue to incline, and trende to che Nochwardes, and fo iopne with Noua Zembla, 
making the fea from Vaigats tothe Caſtwards but a baye: pet we willthat you doe kecpe a. 
bug by the ſaid coaſt, and ſo bring vs certaine re pont of that forme and manner of the fame bape, 
And it it dae ſo pꝛooue to be a bape, and chat you haue paſſtd tounde about the ſame, and ſo by 
he ttending of the land conve backe vnto that part of Noua Zembla, that is againſt Vaigats, 
whereas pou may From that {ee the ſaid Illand Vaigats, if the time of che peere will permit pou, 
puh t from thence paſſe alongit by the ſaid boꝛder ¢ coattofNoua . ernbla tothe Meftwards, 
and (oto fearch bohether that pate of Noua Zembla dos toyne wich the lande, chat fir Hugh Wil- 
loughbiedifcouered in anno 53. and is in 7a. degrees, and tum chat part of Nous Zcmbla, 120. 
leagues tothe Meſkwards, as pour plat doth ſhewe it vnto pou: and if you doe Ende chat lande 
tniome with Noua Zembla, uhen pou come to it: pon ſhall proceede further along the fame con, 
lichetime ofthe peeve will permit it. and that you doe chlutde there will be ſincient time for pou 
toreturne backe with pour barke to winter, either at Pechora,op into Ruſſia, at pour diſcretioi for 
berefepre the 157 i — good fudgements,ceuting that pou will lofe no time chat may further 
in 5 . W Vg 1923/1 27.2197 111 210212120 Lr e 
as ashe 20, of unde rife begin do kern backe 
uiftolkrie to Winter in Ruffia,and chen the cathe Feb eh 5 leis, benag tneity — 
from thente, with an Eatkerly winde, and pee and fo the came into the ruer D wina,and arriuen at 
Colmogro, the 11. of Soeptember, 56. I the pre had not bene ſo much that peere, as it was, in 
the Streights, on both fives of the Alland Vaigats they in the fai pinneſſe, would that peere haue 
dicwueredthe partes chat yok kee notus ende Weekes third hab pleaſed God) might 
baue bene done then but God hath reſerued it foz ſome other. Aich difcouerie , if it may be 
ide by pou , it Hall not onelp prone pꝛoũtable Dato pon but it will alſo purchalt perpetuall fame 
eee ry 9 ent da Ser b bao 
ards the fame, we prap God eo ith a luchle baxinning, fuce 
aba baylytn enve che d, Acre dn ey inn! un hi0. 
Müde An 5 
Neceſſarie notes to be obſtrhed, and followed in your dif- 


couerie, as hereafter followieth., g wr ci ioe 
ERS ben pour barke wich all futuntente; and itecelkarketz dan be in Festen fh) pou to dee 


—— — 
4.08 The voyages and difcoueries George T urberuile, 
— — ä ſ.'᷑. . —— — — 


bly doe it, noting diligently the place where pou doe fo obſerue the fame. 
2 Alſo that pou doe diligentiy {et with pour copaſte. bom h land doch lie from point to pet 
i alongſt as pou goc, and to bie pour iudgemente s howe farce there may bee betweene eche of 


m. 
3 Teem, that poudoe al wayes vle to ate the proportion and byting of the land, ag well the 
lying out of che poyntes, and headlands, onto the which pou ſhall giue ſome ape names (at m 
diſcretion) as allo the ſmme ol the Bapes, and to make ſome marke in da bing the forme,and bq, 
der of the fame , where the high cliffen ate, and where lowe lande is, whether fandie billes, 
ee that may be fenfible,and ayparant to You, which map 
crue to any purpoſe. 

4 Inpalling along by any coat, that pou keepe pour lead going often times, and foundattte 
leaſt once tuery glaſſe, and oftener if pou thinke good as occafion doeth ſerue, and note diligendy 
the depth with the maner of the grounde, and at euery time, howe karre the fame founding map 
be from the next thoze to it: and howe the next popnt 03 bead land Doth beare from pou. Andin the 
fea after pou ſet off from pour porte,pou ſhall oꝛder ly at the end of euerp foure glaſſes ſound andit 
pou finde ground, note the depth and what grounde, but if you can finde no ground, pou Chall allo 
note in what depel pou could finde no ground. 

Alſo that pou doe diligently obſerue the lowing, ¢ ebbing in euery plate, and hoh the ta 
do let, which way the flood both come, and how much water it doth high in euery place, and un 
Force the fame tive hath to dʒiue a ſhip in an houre, as neere as you can iudge it. 

6 Alſothat you doe ſerke to obſerue with che Jnſtrument, which J deliver pou here with accop 
ding as J taught vou at Roſe Illand, the true platfoymes,and diſtances, in as many placts as con 
ueniently pou map, fc it ſerueth very aptly pour purpoſe. 

7 Alſo that vou take with you paper and ynke, and keepe a continuall iournall, oz remem 
hnaute day by day af all ſuch chings as thal fal out woꝛththe knowledge, not forgetting, op omits 
ting to white it, and note it, that it mav be ſhewen and read at pour ttturne. 

8 Theſe mers if vou thal diligentiy obſerue, it will bee eafie for pouto make a platte, 
and Belcription of pour diſcouerie, and ſo ſhall pour notes bee ſufficient to auen 
that which is looked fog at pour handes. But withall you map not forgette , to note ag 
manie thinges as pou can learne and vnderſtande 4 the reporte of anie people twhathoes 
wer they be lo that it appertaine auy way to our deſireg. And thus the Loy God protper pour Lope 


Certaine letters in verſe, written by Maſter George Turberuile out 
of Mujconia, which went as Secretarie thither with Mafter Tho. Randolph, 
nher Maieſties Embaffadour to the Emperour 1568. to certaine friends of his in Lon- 
n don, deſeribing the manners of the Countrey, and people. 
n To his efpectall friend Mafter El ward Dancie. 
IW hss j SHC: . 
unten Mareen recount ilrbin ng hren, : 
ron. Lamon ſtiends and wonted mates and thee aboue che reff: 
ache ol deepe and deadly hoe, 
thinke that J from land to fea, from bliſſe to bale din goe, 
eee . 
> buasquainten of among kum: 
gt de tenes bere dl. ee 
F. eee e 
Diinke is ole deſire, the pat is 
i 11 nbs benin 
Onchem at dinner code 


U 


Aud it he goe unto bis neighbour aga guett, 


in tate, a 
their lipyes they balte. 


George T urberuile, 


ye fame. 
and Doth lie from point to poin, 
there may bee betweene eche of 


obyting of che land, as well the 
l gine ſome ape names (at pour 
ne in dawing the foꝛme, and bey, 
de is, whether ſandie billes, m 
ind apparant to You, which map 


ing often times, and ſound the 
voeth ſerue, and note diligendy 
ve larre the fame founding map 
s Doth beare from you. And in the 
F eucrp foure glalles ſound andi 
u finde no ground, pon ſhall allo 


in euery plate, and hob the tives 
b high in euery place, and un 
tan iudge it. 

ich J Deliner pou herewith au 
tances, in as many places as con 


continuall iournall, 02 remeny 
wledge, not loꝛgetting, dont 
ur teturne. 

e talie fo; pouto make a platte, 
notes bee oer i 2 
t not koꝛgette, to note 
atk of anie people twhatior 
s the Lom God prolper pout hop 


eorge T urberuile out 
' M. er Tho. Randolph, 
rtainc friends of his in Lon- 
and people. 

d Dancie. 


aboue the rell: 


George Turberuils. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


— —-—̃.́ ä —äẽ' — — 
cares for litle mrate, if ſo his dine be al the heft. 
8 i they wie 


12⁰ fuch vile and beaſtly trade. 

Pith with the hacchee audthe band, their chelelt gods be made. 
Their Idoles haue their heartes an Sodthey neuer call, 
Unleſſe it be (Nichola Bough) that bangs againſi the wall. 
The boule that bath no god, M paynted Mains within 

Js not to be refopted too, that roofe is full ot inne. 

Beides their pꝛiuate goda, in open places Land 

Their crofies vnto which they cranche,and bleſle chemfelues with hand. 
Deuoutly done they ducke, with forehead tothe ground, 
Aas neuer moze deceit in ragges, and greaſte garments found, 
Almoſt the meaneſt man in all che countrie rides, 

The woman eke againſt our ble her trotting hoꝛſe beſtrides. 
In ſundꝛy colours chep both men, and women goc, 

In bulking all chat money haue on buſking to beſtoe. 

Eche woman hanging hath a ring within her eare, f 
Ahich all of auncient vle. aud fome ol very pride doe weare. 
Their gate is verp baue their countenance wife and ſadde, 
And pet they follow flethip luſteg, their trade of liuing bande, 

It is no ſhame at all acroumted ta defile 

Anothers bedde. they make no tart, their coiues te contile. 

Js not the meanef man in all the land but hee, 

To buy her paynted colours doch allow his wife a fee. 

Ahere with the deckes her lelle, aud dyes her tawnie (hime, 
Ohe prankes and paintes her ſmoakie fate. boch broke, lippe, cheebe, and chinne, 
Deathole that boneſt are, if any ſuch there bee 

Mithin the lande, doe vle che like: a man map plainelp fee 
Upon fore momens cheekes the paynting bow it lyes, 

In plaiſter foe fop that too chicke , her face the harlot vies: 

But ſuch as ſuillull are, and cunning Dames indeede, 

By daily practile doe it well. yea fure they doe exteede. 

They lav their colours ſo, as he that is full wile, 

Map eaſly be deceiu d therein, ik he doe truſt his eyes. 

J not a little muſe, hat mannes makes them paint 

Their faces, waxing botu chey keepe the ſtooue by meere tonſtraint. 
; ſeldome when, vnleſſe on Church oz marriage day 

Aman (hall fee the Dames abꝛoade, chat are of beſt arap. 

Che Ruſſie meanes to reape the profit of her pride, 

And fo he mewes her to be fure,the lye by no mans fide, 

Thus much friend Dancie, J did meane to mite to thee, 

To let thee weete in Nuſſia land, what men and women bee. 
hereafter J perbaps ol other thinges will write 

Co ther, and other of my friendes, which I thall fee wich ligbe: 
Andother tuft beſides, which true report hall tell, 
Peane while J eude my louing lines, and bid chee now farewell, 


To Spencer. 


155 ſhould now foꝛget, oz not remember thee, 


Thou Spencer mightett a foule rebuke, aud ſhame impute to mee, 
Foꝛ Ito open ſhew did loue thee paling well, 
Ind thou wert he at parture, whom J laathde to bid farewell. 


771 as J went thy friend,fo I continue Mil, N 


better pꝛoofe thou cant then this veſire of true good will. 
doe remember well when needes J ſhould awap, 
And that the Wolke woulde licence vs, uo longer time to Ray: 
Thon tong me by the ſilt, and bolding falt my hend, 
Diok crane of me to ſeunther newes and how J len the land, 


410 The voyagesand a George Turbersil 


Selon cof tolde the bodie binds a hard as any fone, 

Without offence at all to any liuinq thing: 

And ſothey tye 2 

Their beaks be like to ours as farre as I can {ee 

Foz ſhape. and (herve, hut ſome what lefle of bulke, and bone they be, 
Ok watriſh taſte, che ſleſh not firme le Engliſh beele, 

Aud pet it lerus them very well, and is a goonreleefes 

Their ſheepe are very ſingled handtull 


No ple of trenchers, cups cut out of byrche are very good. 
They ble but wooden {poones, which banging in a cafe, 
Cache Moboſcke at his girdle tien. and thinten it no diſgrace. 
J gay eo same one te 

Che theefeſt Ruſſies E 
Their holiſes are not buge of building but they fay 
her plan hem eae denen dee nome away. 
1 . 

ma mage deſire, to 

Ho ſtone wonke is inbfe, their roofes of 7” 
One linked in another 


They cut it very chinne,and fotwe it with ached 
In ꝑꝛetie oder like to panen to ſerue their pyeſent nerde. 


George Turbervile, 


ame, 


77 — — mate in bed: 

s Jan 1! 

And pet ( we thanke the Gadofheauen) we both right well haue ſyed. 
Loe thus J makean end none other newes to thee, 

But that the countrep is too colde, the people beaſtly bee, 

J white not all J kuo w, Itouch but heere and there, 

Fox it I Mould, my pen would pinch, and ehe offend A feare, 
bo fo hall read chis berſe, conierture oftherett, 

Aud thinke by reaſon of our trade, that J do thinke the be, 
But it no traffike were chen could I boldly pen a 
Che hardneſſe of the ſoile. and ebe the maners olthe men, 
They lay che Lions paw giues iudgement of the beat: 

And lo map pou deeme ofthe great, by reading ofthe leaſt. 


To Parker. 


M Parker, paper, pen, and inke were made to bite, 
And idle heads, that little do, haue leiſure to indite: 
Uiheretope, reſperting hele, and chine aflured tone, 

A would write nonewes tothee, thou miaht it my pen ceproue, 
And fiebence foxeune thus hath ſhou d my thippeon thoye, 
And made me ſeeke another tealme vnſeene of me before : 

Che maners of che men J purpole to declare, 

And other pꝛiuate polnta beſides, which ſtrange and geazon are. 
The Ruflie men ate round of bodies fully kaſte, 

Che greateſt part with bellies bigge that ouethang the wate, 
Flat heaven foʒ the moſt, with faces faite; 
But bꝛowue by reaſon of the ſtoue, and cloleneſſe of che aire : 
Itis they common ble to ſhaue oꝛ els to ſbeate 

The beads, for none in all the land long lolling locks doch wenre, 
Uuelle perhays he haue his ſouereigne prince dilpleaſ d, 

Fox then he neuer cute his haire vntill he be appeal d. 

A certaine ſigne to knom who in diſpleaſure be, 

F 0) euery man that viewes his head. will fap, Loe this is he. 
And during all the time he lets his locks to grow; 

Dares no man for hislife tu him a face of friennthip Hhotw. 
They garments be not gay noꝛ handſame to the exe. 

A cap aloft they heads they haue that ſtandeth very bye, 
Wibich colpacke they do terme. Chey weare no ruſles at all: 
The belt haue callers fet with pearle, which they Rubaſca tall. 
They (hires in Rullic long they „ 


* 412 1 The voyagesand'difcoueries George T urberuil ‘ | 


And onthe ficeucs wich couleren iike,swwo inches good and moze. 

Aloft they, ſhirts they were, agarntent iacket wile 
Wight onoriadka,and about his burite maſte he tyes 
his porthies, which in ſtead or better neeches bee : 
Ot linen cloth chat garment is no codpiere is to lee. 
A payne of parnen Mocks to keepe thecolve away, 
uhin his boots the Rullle weares, che heeles they vnderlay 
Mich clouting ap acre ˖ pointed at the toes, 
And ouer all a ſuba Debus che Rufltes goes. 
Mell butned is che (ubs,acedpoin g ta his fate, 
Some ſilke, ol luer other ſome, but thole of poorest rate 
Do weare no ſubos at all, but groſſet gonmes to fight, 
Chat reacheth dome beneath checalfe and chat Armacha higbt: 
Cheſe are the Nulſies robes. Che richeſt vile to ride 
From place to place his ſeruant runnes, and followes by his fire, 
Che callacke beares his felt, to force alway the raine: 
Their bridles are not very bꝛaue, their ſaddles ate but plaine. 
No bits but ſnaflles all. ot bitch their ſaddles bee, 
Much laſbioned like the Scotilz ſeats bad flacks to kee pe the kuce 
From ſweating of the hoꝛſe, the panels larger farre 
And bwader be then ours they vie ſpoꝛt ſtirrups for the warre: 
F072 wheuthe Nuſſie is purſued by cruell foe, : 
Oe rides awap, and ſuddenly betakes himto his boe, 
And bends me but about in ſaddle as he fits, 
And therewithall amids his race his following foe be hits. 
They, bowes are very hore, lite Turkic bowes outright, 
Of ſinowes made with birchen barke,in cunning maner dig he, 
Small arrowes, cruell heads chat fell and forked bee, 
hich being ſhot from out thole bo wes, a cruell way will flee, 
They ſeldome hie to ſhoo their hoꝛle, vnleſſe they vſe tu ride 
In poſt vpon the frozen ſluds then cauſe they thal not five, 
Ve ſets a ſlender calke, and fo he rides bis way. 
The hoꝛſes ofthe countrey go good fouretcore verits a day. 
And all without chefputre, ence pꝛicke them andthey (hippe, 
But go not foꝛward on their way, the Nuſſie hath his whippe 
To rappe him on the ribbes faz though all booted bee, 
Wet ſhall you nota pappe of (purres in all the countrey fee, 
The common game is cheſle. almoſt the will 
Both giue a checke and eke a mate. by paciile comes they (hill, 
Againe the dice as fa, the poorett roges of al 
Vill ie them Downe in open ſield, and there to n. 
Their dice are very ſmall in faſbion like to thole 
Thich we do vſe. de takes them vp, and ouer thumbe he tho wes 
Hot ſbaking them a whit, they cat ſuſpitiouſſie, 
And pet I deemethem void of artthat dicing moſt applie, 
2 ay ee ep 7 goes ſaddle, hoꝛſe and ee N 

nd woñth liluer walles, although the price be ſmall. 
Becauſe thou loueſt to plap friend Parker other while, 
A with thee there the weary dap, with dicing to beguile, 
Zuseher tele nnn bung: 

nd won ong a time dwell. 
Then iudge of vs thy friends, what kinde of life we had, 
That neere the kopen pole to waſte our weary dayes were glad. 
An ſuch a ſauage ſoile, where lates do beate no way, 
But all is at the king his will. to ſaue 07 eis to flay, 
— a — —.— — a OO 

ut what meane to deule, we ought no to touch. 
Conctiue the reũt pour lelle, and derm tehat lines they lead, 


Feorge T. urberuile ‘ | 


Ad mere, 


Serius coiesbu at pines veto, 
So Tarquine ruled Rome as thou remen 


J wenn 9 cannot wpe ech pytate potneto chee 
Thecolve is rare, the peple rude, the prsnce o full of be, 
Ene 
799 — ne! ib fo full of guste, 

women wanton temples ftutt with idols chat defſie 

be — ſacred oughtto be, the cuſtumes are fo quaiut, 
As if a would deſcribethe whole. A tearemp penne would faint, 
In ſumme, J fap I neuer fain a prince that fo di raigne, 

op people fo beſet with ſatnts, pet all but bile ano vaine, 
Aide eth ave as ceull asthe Rugg in chepakinve, 

choice mhich is che belt of both ech bloudy rupe aud blinde. 
Athen be uule, as wile thou art, and wilt be rulde hp me, 
Liue ſaill at home aun couet notthoſe barbarous coatts to fee, 
Vo guad befalles a man chat feeks, and findes no better place, 
N cinuill cuſtomes to be learnd, where God beſtowes no grace. 
di Fe elou dor God, 
Chat allied rodz 


2 5 5 te 
eat Go Sighmundus booke repapre,tobo aftehe cence) can ell : 
Fab long cart in meſſage went onto that ſanage king, 
TLDemxbythe Pale, and true report in ech vefpect did Lying, 
1551 To him J recommend myſelle. to cafe mp penne of paine, 
eee 


The fourth 5 5 into Perſia me 1 4 . Arthur Edwards 


\ Agent, Tobn Sparke Laurence ( b riſtopher Faucet, and 
Richard Pingle,in the yeere 1 5 68, 5 in this letter written from 
Casbin in Perſia, by the foreſayd Laurence Chapman toa wor- 
fhipful merchant of the companie of Ruffiain London. 
Anno Domini 15 6 9. Aprill 28. 


ay acieoa ur pperelleilil, aeg e of God, ¢ the goods 14 tearm 

in her in good laſetie, Bond be thanked forit nding there neither p people fo tea °° 

mopoata ichengng tiie bag ti goods, nop pet lo obedient tothe Shaughs 
 monhiptull company haue beeneinfoymen, Dur goods brousle vpon land, we 

1 mu ſell as they vould ſet the pute o otherwiſe it would haue bene woꝛſe 

fabs, Being ſo Garten ta theyꝛ conentment. we were ſperdily ayded withcamels by the prince 

Erasbecke Sultan his tient, to carrydur goods to Shamakie, to which place we attay pince Cras 

nedthe firſt of Sepeeutber, it fo dyoughly furnithen with all mance of commodities by oc · — 

. vs, that no man vould alle to bup anp one 

piece 


„ \ 
44 
/ 


ate 


41 4 The voyagesand difcoueries Laurence (bapman, 


9 ꝗ 
ving 


0 manifetteth the contrarp, i 
know wbetder all be true that bach beene wulten of this countrep people 0) 


Loughe 

ſent abꝛoad in time conuenient, being no polite bi ‘ 

33 Co conclude, cough our daxip moan me oi pa 
oi beet ce and ttuo of the wopthtpfuls feruants, eo 


05 bis returne 
from Cabin, which ſo fare ſoych as J can vnderſtand, 8 note 
ig pono pate certapne cone Calley Ardowill we eyancesto basere hoe pieces ag 
with thoſe por + vals ber shes pena cpnnamont, felling thekarfies at one 


tall commiſſion an 
ue the {pace of ſeuen dapes 2 atrinall there, 
et hate bauing tegard to keepe bp the price of 


che wonlhpfuls — . — 


abe 


neee eee genere ne — 
bath no needolthem ꝛ ſuch is the tonſtaucie of all men in this countrep , with 


be whomſotutt 
Cpyegmeran ſhall bargen. Ik the ware be bought, and they doe miſlike it afterwardeg, chey will binde 
incotiſtancy in ba 


my 


not. 
IN N once open to Ormuz, from uhente 
commeth no ſuch fore the wonſbipfull doth looke ey, chat beere will be puta weyln 


Se poe perl in ts comer, fo karre as pet J can perceiue, 
8 betwixt the Venetians and the tobole company of the a 
pollible, vnleſſe the wojſpipfull will finde Come mecanes to receive them peerelp to the nunber 


100 


aurence ( bapmdn, 
before pour d 
ot of Ruffa — 


tilings 


me 
ming (peciall conmiftin xn 


in price to my content ntuerthe 
tt . 
+ again them, which is true in 


moditien bougbt, Fi thounte 

wat! attount 

ra e 
rozyne, 

. — 

ee 
3 

ponito be bemmbrp fy teen, 


n accompliſbed. At whole um 
bargen to take chem, but lch 
untrep, with whomſoeuer 


mp ofthe Armenians, it is nt 
ethem peerelp coche numberof 


Laurence (bapman. ofthe Englith nation. 


soo catters op mules lading and deliuer them forthe fame one third part money, the reſt cloth and 

pasties ſitev in coulers meet fo, chte countrey : the examples as abouefaid,arcfent vnto pou, 

at Amadia ſite dayes iournep from Teueris, grow abundance of galles, which are bꝛought 

wpleerely bythe Uenetians, and be ſolde chere fop two bithes the Ceucris bateman, which as 

pour Agent here lapth, maketh fire pound Engliſh weight, but J doubt it will not ſo be pocued, 
it is ſuppoſed much good will be done by buying ol them: which might at this pies 

fent haue partlie bene pꝛooued, if fo be that ſome could doe but halle that which bath beene 


0 é 
Wauing Muses T finde many as well at Teueris, ag alfo in Casbin, but the goodneſle no: 
thing like to uch as be bꝛought into England out ol other plates: and the price is fo high, that 
m gaine will be had in buying of them: albeit, ik J had beene furniched with monep, as J 
might haue beene, if ſome would, A would haue bought ſome, to the end the goodneſſe of them 
night haue berne ſeene in England , At my comming to Casbin, J found no mauer of fales of a. 
upcommoditie made. but all lping there whole, and newes giuen out (as pour Agent faith) that 
the Rabat would buy all ſuch rommodities as he had, and ging hun ſilke ¢ ſpicts fop the lame: 
but bp report the Sohatugh neuer tooke cloth into his treaſurie all the dapes of bis life,and will not 
now begüme: his whole trade is in raw fiike, which he ſelleth alwapes fo money to the Armeni: 
ius and Turke s, and {uch other as vſe to buyit: thus hoping of that which is not like to be had, he 
bath diuen off the time, not fending to anp other places: by meanes whereof the wozſhipfuls 
gods bye vnſolde tu this day to ther great hinderance, which i fox my part am nat a little foytie 


4¹5 


ta lee. . 
Babylon is fram heuce fifteene dayes iournep, whereas by true report, be great fore of bates, wavpton 15 
an ſolde fora bitte the bateman, the commoditie fit for England: and the place fo nerre vnto vs, rein Cadhnn“ 


niglt eaſily haue beene kno wne, it he, whoſe deeds and fapings differ much, had beene willing to 
thefame , Caſhan alſo is but ſeuen vapes iourney from hence, and a place by repoꝛt, where moſt 
Sow of pices be at all tunes to be had, ouer and aboue anp plare in this countrey: it could not be 
granced by him to be ſeene and proued at this time: ichis be lolſe to the woꝛſhipull, reterre it to the 
vntol one which can do that which he fpeakerh in %.. 

Co trauell in this countrey, is not onelp miferable and vncomloꝛtable, fo lacke oftoumes and 
wilages to harbour in when night commeth, and to refreſh men with iholeſome victualles in 
tine of need, but alſo ſuch lcarſitie of water, that ſometime in thee dapes iourney together is not 
tobe found any dꝛoppe fit for man 07 beaſt to Drinke, Lefibes the great dauger we and in {op robe 
bing bytheſe infinels who do account it remilſion of fines, to wath they hands in the bloud of one 
os, Better it is thereloꝛe in mine opinion to continue a begger in England during life, then to 
temaine a rich merchant ſeuen yerres in this counttex, as fore ſhall well finde at they comming 


Bp commandementofkye Agent allo, A went to Gillan, as well to ſee what harboz was there Bist vovage to 


fr pour ſhippe, as allo to vnderſtand what commoditic is there bet (olde, and for what quautitie. 
J found the way from hente fo dangerous and troubleſome, that wich mp penne J am not able to 
note it vnto pou sno man trauelleth from hence thither, but ſuch poore people as need conſtraineth 
tu buy Rice, for they relicfe to liue vpon, and they lay not aboue twentie batemans vpon a catter, 
1 1. no lower then the ſkirts ofthe ſaddle, and he elcapeth very hardly that commeth there 
ame. 

Che towne of Layghone, hich was the chiefeſt place in all that land, haue J ſeene, and Lan- 
and Roſare alſo, which be now latelie ouerrunne by the Shawgh and his power, and be fo 
e a the people fo robbed, that not one of them is able to buy one karſie. The beit commo⸗ 
dite there to be bought, is rawe ſilbe, and is folde in the Summer time for eight and thirttie 
thatuahs the Laygbone bateman, which is little aboue fortie pound weight, and for readie monep: 
anne of Allome vou will, and ſolde there fop one bilſe the Ceucris 


In chele partes be many Turkie merchants reſident, which giue an outward fhe, as though aye 


they were glad ofour conuning hither, but lerretlie they be our mortal enemies, ſearching by all’: 


malice af 
he Turhilh 


meants to binder our ſales, betauſe we ſhould the fooner giue ouer our trade thither, which in bans, 


Noleſſe of time J hope will grow to better perfection. They wilh vs to go to Hallape with the 
wf of our commodities vnſolde, where they fap we ſhall haue good intertainement in ſpigbt of 
the great number of Uenetians which be there reſident, and che cuſtome but two in the hundzed, 
and out karſies to ſolde pꝛeſently, had we neuer fo many, for twelue duckets, which makes ol 
7700 as know the place, en. 
IP 3 ‘ 


out of England, not onelp ſuch clothes ready made, but 


46 he voyages and diſcoueries Artour Edwards, 
—ñ— — — —ä——j , 


e bping vs into trouble, wich God defend vs from, 
Che prices of (pices be thele, at this pyeſent inhanſed hy reafon the way is ſbut to 

tohen God ball lend open, A purpoſe (God tailling) to tee, and at mp ceturne tu aduertife che h 
Chipfull what beneſtt ia there co be hav in all points fo neere an I can learne: Pepper 25 hh 
che Caueris bateman : Clours 50 pepper 25 Khatogbs, paces large 50 thats 
Ginger 24 tharghs, rend money all, on cls looke not bpon chem. Audthe beit fort of rato Met 
ſalde fop 6o thatoabsthe Ceucris bacernan. Chus ſo want of further matter to inlarge, Aci 
this time, belteching God to pyeſerue pow in continual health. : 

By your obedient feruant 

aurence Chapman, 


Notes concerning this fourth pile into heme in 


the moneth of lulie 1568, gathered by M. Richard VV illes 
from the mouth of M. Arthur Edwards which was 
Agent in the fame. 


any fuch countrep 


ings of che Queenes 
in his owe language, 


againt che Then he demande omen nga 
ip,¢ of his wars 

shld cy Aud being certifien that it twas fop the trade of merchandise, he 
afked what kinde of merchandise be could bring thither. Such (laid he) as che Venetian mer 
chants do, which vinelling in our country in the citie of Londro, ſend to Uenice, x from thence inte 
Curkie by Halepo and Tri Hy Seis orn tence ab he econ ante hr ht, wh gu 


charges of many cudtomes and other chinges perteining, they are at the length bp 
into pout 4 and cities of Perſia. IAhat merthandipe are thoſe $ {apn the Sophie. ei 
anſwered, chat they were great abundance of fine karfies, ofbyoad clothes, of all {org and coulers, 
asfcarlers, violets, and other of the finell cloth of all the world. AIG thatthe Venetians bought 
5 furthermoze great plenty ot fine twooll te 
mingle withthep: wools, of which they could not otherwiſe make fine cloth : affirming that there 
went out of England peerly that wapes, aboue two hundped choufand karfles, and as many boa 
tloches beſide fine wohl andother merchandise belive allo the great abundance of like 
which were tarryed into Spaine, Barbarie, c duets other countries, Che Sophie then afkentan 
by what meanes luch merchandise might be broug he into Perfia Right well ſie (laid he) bythe buy 
of Mofcouia, with moze ſaletie and in much ſhoxtertime then the Venetians can brine them: firt 
from England to Uenice, and from thence into Perfia, bp the way of Turkie. And tit 
thall pleale pour Maieſtie to grant vs free paſſage into all pour dominions, with (uch pꝛiuileges as 
map appertaine to the {afegarvofour lines, goods, and merchandise, we twill 
tries with all ſuch and other 


Edwardes fop che face of tho hourts, all wobich thinges liked hem Go well, that ſbonly after he 
wan Sse Cr wer ii n Oy Seabee me Pe 


Ariour Edwards, 


plas mbar 
tuo place in the wopldis io 
pong is, Cuppoting tate can 


are 
ber mater to large, Alg 


our obedient feruant 
aurence Chapman, 


Perſia, begunne in 
Richard 2 


uch was 


urt in Casbin hin 

hie (fitting in a une 

bim come neere, andthatthnik, 

ched him with his hand. Chen 
atcountrep he tame: he anfines 

e of his noble men, rade 

dann intelligence ofthat 


. be 
taibbe) asthe Venctian men 


t Che Sophie chen albentan 
nne 
netians can byingthem: firt 

Turkie tit 


then ven 
aberwernethe Sophie and 
fo well, that ſpoxly after be 
of merchandise into aia 


Artur Edwards2. of the Engliſh nation. 


417 
deltuered vnto che lod heeper ofthe Sopiac bis great 

Aeg nr inne Coche Cali, te pa woe h (that is the 
Taft ppluileoge loud meta. 


| . eee 
2 mighe live among them in uch fafetie, eed Regen At ot 0 15 


de en Chep lan e gulp ef auoured them, 1 
dee ee e eee e Aa 
ene baden eam, beare falle witneſſe againſt chem, and ſuch mers 
den blr eee and change it ag often as them li. 
chance had killed one ol them they would haue the life of two for one 


The Articles of the ve ptiuiledge deliuered to Lawrence 


Chapman, which are to be annexed vnto the former priuiledge. 


mercpnes be fee eri, asin eet eee to goe vate Gillan, 

a of his dominiont, nom op hereafter when octaſion thall be given, 
11 zam Töp miltseuneanp of her: ips (boat bate Call vpon any partof his Domin 
uns on the feacoatt, his fubieces to belpe with all (peed to Caue che goods and to be deltueredto anp 
ofthe (ain mert haunez chat liueth: oy otherwile to bee kept in fafccie vntill anx ol them come to 


demand 
tem il faiv merchants depart this life in any citie oz to wne, 03 on the high way. 
dupa unnscber Geher goons fey hep, ab ta bee belies toa xix of them that 
8 
3 Jem the {ato merchants to take fuch camell men as they themſelnen will, being countrep 
l bee bee chem And che ſaid owners of the camels to bee 
FTF 
eee carriers do denuund no moze olchem, chen theft agreement was 
iy ssn yb teeth ners prance he cine 
1163 se no a e e eee 
them and in Cafetie tothe 
17 ebene ban billageson the bigh way, bis ſubittts to 
4 merchants map in any plate tobere they ſball thinke belt, build eq buy any 
r . and to ſtand in any 
cum where they will. on ſball chinke good 


commodities which the merthants this trade into Berſia are thougit to be 
great, and may . 8 — — — 
sie a6 bp the bay oferta tro Cogan che ruten tap be mane euerp peeve once where 


— . — ä ä äö.. . —— — —¾ ——gę. 
418 The voyages and diſcoueries Arthur Edwards, 


as the Portugals make the returne from Cale cut but once in to peeres, by a long and dangt⸗ 
tous renn a ae en dun ab of Orman ce glee ra 
the mot famous marte ta wne of all Catt India, whither all the merchaundifes of India are 
bough, the fante map in fog Ge a me cd ekg lo a tests 
ſla euen vnto the C n Rullia on epotcouia by riurg, 
euen onto the citte of Yeraflauc,and from thence bp land a huumen and fourcicope miles to Vo. 
logda,and from thence againt all by water, euen vnto England. 

€ swbich be ban out of Feria forthe returne of uren ate tke ofall ones ai 
colours boch rate igh wought. Alto all maner (pices and tugs, pearles and Precious lunes 
Wkewite carpets of diners foxes, with diners rich merchanbifes . Ita tolb mee of ben, 
that tame laſt from Perla, that there is moze filke brought into fome one citie of Perus, chenis of 
cloth hrougbetmotbe citie of London, Allo that one village of Armenia named Gilgat, doth cane 
peelyfiue hundzed,and ſometime a thoufanv mules laden with (ke to Halepo in Soria of C 
being foure dates fournp fr5 Tripoli, where the Uenetians hate their continual abiding. 
— thence fithes which they returne kur Englith karſies and other clothes intoall parregay 

huſtendome. 


The maner how the Chriſtians become Buſor men, 
and forfake their religion. 

een that it any Chuiſtian will become a Buſq man that is, ane that hath foy 

faken his fatth,and be a Mahumetan of their religion, they giue him many gifts, and fometine 
allo a liuing. The maner is chat when the deuill is entred into his heart to forfake 1 he res 
ſogteth to che Sotean oz gouernour of che totwne, ta wham dee maketh protettation of nd 5 
purpoſe. The gouernour appointeth dim a bout, Andone to ride beloe him on another bole, bea 
ing an ins eb ance Bufor man bearing an arrow in his hand, and rideth in the ctie, 


eloꝛe him. a ae ſeruant of one of our merchants, 
betaule he would not abine the cop khis fz his faultes, was minded to forfake his 
faith, But (as God would) he fell uvventy lic te and died, before he gaue himſelfe to the deuill. I 
be had become a Buſot man. he had — troublevthe merchants, fop if he would then haue ſayd 
that halle their goods hav bene his, they would haue given crepite vnto him. Foy the audiding of 
which neonvenience,tt was granted in the priuileges chat no Bufor man, et. as there appeastth, 
In Perſia in divers plates . oxen and kine beare the tente and houſbold ſluffe of the poore menof 
che tountrey, which haue neither tame is nop honſen. 


Of the tree which beareth Bombafine cotton, or Goſſampine. 


* N Perſia is great abundanre ul Bombaſine cotton, ¢ very fine, this groweth on a certaine litle 
a bꝛier not paſt p beightof a mans walte oz litle moze:the tree bath a ſiender ſtalk Whe vu 
abrieronto à carnation gillefloure, with very many bꝛanches bearing on euery bnauch a fruit ora 
a cod growing in round forme,conteining in it the cotton: when this bun oz cod connmethm 
the bignelle of a wallnut, itopeneth and ſheweth foorththe cotton, twhich groweth ſtill in bignelle 
vntill ie be like a fleece of wooll as big as a mans fit, and beginneth tobe looſe, and then they ae 
it as it werethe ripe fruit, The (eens of thele trees ave as big as peaſon, and are blacke, and fome: 
what llat. and not round: they ſowe them in plowed ground, where they grow in the ficlosin great 
abunvance in many countries in Perlia and diuers other regions, 


The writing of the Perfians. 

Rehur Ev wards fhewen me a letterof Sopbte, wnitten in their letters backturd gab 
d with the hands both of the Sophie and his Decretarie. The Sophies lubſcription, was 
D ay moby pret acer emiar pane} The 
whole letter was alſo mitten on the fame paper, being long and naromm about p length 
of a foote, and not paft thee inches e e Tet of the Sophie, was a round printed 
marke about the bignes ofa riall, onely pitied vpon the fame paper without anp waxe op othet 
leale, che letters lerme fo miſhapen and diſowered hat a man would thinke it were ſomwhat end 
Tres eee eee 

niſieth a 20, Anſomnu a piere o loi gaga mans hand, their waiting 
Containe as much as dorh ours vimaſ in a ſheete The 


Arthur Edwards2, 


— 
e 
0 
merchaundiſes of . 
Buda ehe hy : Pet: 
uad; uia by ri 
v and fourcfrore satan pve 


warts, ate {tke of all forces any 
$8, pearles and fhecious Cones, 
les. It was cold mec of them 
ne one citic of Perſia, then is of 
nenianamed Gilgat, doch carte 
eto Halepo in Soria of Curhie 
eit continual abiding and 

other clockes into all pte 


ne Bufor men, 


m san tha ia, methat halle 
hum many gifts, and ſumetime 
3 heart to fon ake his faich, he re 
aketh ꝑoteſtation of his diulih 
fore him on another hoꝛſe, ber 
is hand, and rideth in the citie, 
wue religion, hee is guiltie of 
ſeruant of one of our merchants, 
tes, was minded to fopfake his 
e gaue himſelketo the deuill. N 
8, for ifhe would then haue ſayd 
Ponto him. Fon the auoiding of 
or man, c. as there appeareih. 
duſbold thuffe of the pooze menof 


on, or Goſſampine. 


this groweth on a certaine litle 

ee hath a ſiender ſtalk like vu 
ting on euerp hnauch a fruit ora 
phen this bun oz cod commith to 
which groweth ſtill in biguelle 
ch to be looſe, and then they ga 
eaſon, and are blacke, aud forne: 
they grow in the lields in great 


8. 
their letters backward ſublig 


ld thinke it were fomtwhat 


a mans hand, their witing 


Baniller & Ducket, of the Englith nation. 


The Sophies ſubſcription, was 
den letters vpon red paper. The 
long and narobu about p length 
Sophie, was a round printed 
aper without any ume en 


with i i nfleg?, figs 
ern 


The 


The firit voyage into Perſia made by M. Thomas Baniſter, and 
M. leffrey Ducket Agents for the Moſcouie companie, begun from England in 
te yeere 1568. and continuing to the yeere 1574. following. Written 

by P. I. from the mouth of M. Lionel! Plumtree. 


Pon the 3 day July 1 568, they embarked themſe lues at Veraſlaue, being ace 

companied with Lionel! Plumtrer, and ſome 12. Engliſhenen mope, in a Barke 

called the Thomas Bonarienturc of the burden of 70. tunnes tabing allo along 

withthem of Rules to the number of 40. fo cheit ble and imploiments, It fell 

out in the way. before they came to Aſtracan by 40. miles, that the Nagaian Cary 

cares. being a kind of thecuiſh and cruell people, made an aſſault vpon them with 

ib bontes of theirs each of them being armed, ſome with fwopds, ſome with ſpeates, and fome o⸗ 

thers with bowes and arrowes and the whole number of chem they diſtouered to bee about 300, 

um. They fop their partes althoughthey could haue withed a quiet voiage and iouruey without 

baten aud biolence, yet not willing to be ſpoiled with ſuch Barbarians as they were, began to de 

ſunthemſe lues againſt their alſault . by meanes whertol a very terrible and fierce fight followed 

andcontinuedhote ¢ Harpe ſoz two howers, wherein our men ſo well plaid their parts with their cas 

lunes that they forced the Cattares to flee with the lolli of 120. of them, as they wert afterwards 

enfoyned by a Rule ppifoner, which eſcaped from the Nagaians, and tame to them to Aſtracan, at 
thich to wue they arriued the 20. of Auguſt. 

Jnchis towne of Aſtracan they were ſonrwhat hindered of their iourney, and ſtaied the {pare of 

b wetken by reaſon of a great armie of 70000. Curkes and Cartares which tame thither vpon 

inttigation of che great Curke. hoping either to haue furppifed it ſuddenly oz by continuance of 

neue wrtaey ofa me epee iar the Cmmperaur of ffn bur n peng ty re 

a great A mpereur ia was in ng for t 
— — to taiſe their ſiege and to ree pia fo 


lyon their departure our men had oppoxunttie to procecdon their voyage, and vling the oc · 
taflon, they left Aftracan, and came to Bilbill towards the ende of October: from tobence they 
vent to Shauaran, where (as they longed in theirtents) they were greatly moleſted with ſtrange 
treopes of ſdolcaues 07 foxes, which were fo bulie with chem that they tocke their mente and victu 
is ontol their lodgings, and Deuouredto the bare bones in one night a migbtie wild Bore that 
was fine onto them fo a pefent from che qouernour of che countrey. 

P neteſſaries fog 
ther iourney, rhey departed thence and came to Shamachie, which is dapes iournep from the 
afqefapd Shauaran. In this totune of Skamachie theix whole company ſpentout the Minter. 
end from thence in Aypill fo they tooke their iourney towards Ardowill a place of great 
atcount and much eteemen, bp reafon of the ſepulchꝛes of the Eniperours of Berſia, which lo the 
mot part lie there buried, and ſa is growen to be a place of their ſuperſtitious deuotion , In this 
ume of Ardo will they fotournenthe ſpace of 3.07 6. moneths, finding ſome traffique and faleg, 
9 purpofe,the to wne being moje inhabited and frequented with gentlemen and noblemen 


merchants. 
~ Cheritierence of religion byed great byoiles in this towne tebiles they remained there: for the 
fought the deftruction of the hocher, and the neereſt kinlemen rofe vp one againſt an p 
inſomuch that one of their companie L ionell Plinmtree hath ſeene in one day ſometimes 14. 
lame in a garboile. And be being further deltrous to fee their maner oflighe, oz rather fometwbat 


ſome further time. As for che point of tratfique, her could not make chat motion oz requed that was 
nato ſdone graumted as it was pyeferted: and the S baugb himſelfe bought there ol him many 
kerle, and made him ag good paiment an any man coulo mühe, and oftentimes would 3 


419 


The voyages and diſcoueries Banifler & Dusket, 


„„ ckdheni + cancel tesa Sacttin, 
money for the wares befoze the waren wire DeltucreD, chat be might bee the ſurerol this 1 


ble uren 


. 
hee 


prophet, 

to exchange bis copne fon theirs 

that the money of the merchaunts was gotten by good meanes, and with good “hid 
was therefore wooꝛthit to bee made an oblation to their holy ꝑopbet , hut his owne tasty 
eee ann therefne was oe eco fer dio bp 
lie a 


ole, 

Alter fire monechs (pent in Casbin, che et Se a reparten eotnands the 
— — . a artiued, hee ſound matter Ducket well recouered of his pk 
whom he had lefe ill at Ardowill, 

Ae this Cie the fozefapde matter Ducket made (ales of the Engliſh commodities, tim 
ning there e ee and a balfe, And other kinder of mep 
thandiſes of that countrep stor bl ¢ Rope of gals which grow in great abundance aa ylae 
S Tauris. 

1 —— 87 Baniſter pe 1 is each ged ity 4 giue onder in 
tranſpoztin econmiodities ubich were MO England. And bauing difparches 
them away, brutes Aral L ee 1 — 


fi fame, vntill maſter Ducket had bent in 
perſon with the Shaugh, and had procured tus onder fop che delinerie thereof. 


curement of Punfrep Greenſell 
there cruelly burnt in the Inqu 
Holtan Eralbecke, che Dhamghs L 


follow, 
A this mater Ducket returned from Casbin to Sancte Aa and immedinel 
made preparation fa a iournepto Cafhan, beyng about foure bapes fournep from Shamachie, 
and caried witch him 4. mules laden with money. 

In the way of bis trauell hee e n Perſi F ſometime the ropall fate of. the 
Emperours of Perſia, but now altogether ruined and defaced, thereof temayue to be (cones 
this bt hip, ‘oie that are diſtait one from ee ocher he harre 12, miles, and ſome fee 
pinnacles in the mountaines and conueiantes fo freſh water. 

The forefayoe Cathan is 4 Comme that conſileth — together of. mercheuntife , a8 
me all the lande is there, berng greatly frequented by the mmerchauntes of 


ch cakes tommended fop the cinill and good gouernement * 

fed, An idle perſon is not fufferedto song 5 rere 
The childe that is but fue pecres olve, : . Wo ill nale, diſower 0p br 
op gaming oz otherwile, is there permitted. Playing at Dice 0 Carved is bythe late min 


At this Cafhan they remayned about the ſpate ol tenne werkes, and then came doe & 
gaine to Shamachie, and after forme W 


D 
fi 
1 
a 
. 
8 
d 
1 
0 
b 
a 
d 
0 
b 
* 
4 
0 
te 
K 
f 
tt 
tt 
1 
n 
i 
fl 
0 
K 
bl 
li 
ft 
u 
a 
a 
fa 
a 


ere re coh 2 Page SE 1 aH 


WUT were ee 
paniSler & Dusket, 
— — 
be bee the lurerof this m 


to remember, that tohereag 
a ogo abo te 


get. but his owne 


er reparted towards the y 
pel recone ka, 


, comirbities, tmn 
ind other kinder of mer 


to Shamakie, to giue oper fey 
sland. And bauing diſpatcher 
iourney bath came ls fromSha- 
vn whole ſomneſſe of the ape, 
with Lawrence Chapmen ap 
ok matter Durket, bee imm 
fem otherniſe by the cultome of 
is to enter vpon chat which der 
thſtanding could not beeseconp 
25 maſter Ducket had bent in 
gt was at Casbin in fate fy 
mouiſion ſex & iournep to Ca 
wie. d ſecretly wicha c 


m Barke agapne, not ſuſſeting 
: of binees irconucnicnces thet 


hie againe, and tmmeviatey 
pes tourney ttum Shamachie, 


metime che ropall fate of the 
thereof remayne to be feeneat 
ate of 12, miles, and ſome fee 
nether of merchaundiſe, m 

ned by the merchauntes of 
dil 8. and ſome Spices, and 
pd goucmement that is chert v 


„ No ill rale, diſoder o) k 
Carnes is bp che lawe paint 
es, and then came dane & 
the countrey Fag bry oe 


Faller C Ducket. of the Engliſh nation. 


4.21 


fine andocher commodities, thep came at la to Shauaran agasne, where tbeit Oup was in har · 


bout, andthen they thipt all their goods and embarked alfo, ferting faple the eight 
papel Par, incbe peer 1 57 3. intending to fetch Altracan. Bp rraſon of the vartetie of the 
jpinnes and dangerous flats of the Caſpian fea, thep beat it vp and do wne ſome 20, dapes. AnD 
the 28. da riding at anker vpon the flats, certaine Rulle Callaks, which are outlawes oz bani: 
(hemes, intelligencè of thetr being thete and of che great wealth that they had with them, 
tune co ther with diuers boates vnder the colour ol friendſbih, and entred their (xp, but immedi⸗ 
aulytbey tooke theit hatchets and flew diners of che Rulles that were of the ſhip vpon the batches: 
ddereupon matter Ducket, L ionell Plumtree, Alilliam Smith, the mater, a man of lingular 
pature, and Amos Niall being under che Ppardethe, did ſo well behaue themſelues, that they 
N flew 14. ofthe Caſſas gunnera, and hurt and wounded about 30. mone, 
el them all in number 1 50. at the leaſt, armed wath taliuers andother weapons itt 02 ſo wile 

à purpoſe. , ' 
wep Docket ebam aud che ret afopetare, receiued diuers wounds from the enemie, 
and wert fo hutt, and withall fo opppetied with the multitude and loꝛte of them, that they were at 
ist conttrained to make an agreement with the Caſſaks vy rendzing the tip into their hands, ba: 
wing receined Gir their orhes ſunme by their crucifixes, not to doe any further harme to their pers 

8, 
ens the bippe bey taken, andall the Eugliſh greuouſly hurt, the Calſaks immediately 
wicharged the ſhtp of chem, Feen ned oz thꝛee Perſian targets 
full of hne Heth and wines lieſhe, without further victuals oz reliefe : they being in that cafe, 
nde the beit haſt they could to get to Aſtracan: and being come to the towne, matter Ducket 
nme great (ute to the captaine, to haue men and boates fet out fox the reſ kuing and retouering 
ofthe Whip if it were pollible, who immediately fent ont his fonne with foꝛtie boates and ſiue hun: 
td men to 5 the Pirats, and by qood hap came to the plate where they rid at anker with 
the ſhip. but by realen of their fosliſbmeſſe in ſtriking vp their dyununes before they were come 
nette them, the Caſſalis diſcouer ing the boates, cut their cables, and put out to Sea, whereup: 
on theboates not being able to follow them, returned againe to Aſtracan. After which cher frore 
hoates moye were ſent out to purſue them agayne the ſecond time: and that ſecond armie came to 
aplace where they found many of thole Caffaks, and flew them and found out the plares where 
they bad hid certaine parcels of their goods in the earth in the cheſtes of the fhip : all which chep ree 
mird againe forthe Engliſu merchants, to the valew of 3000. li. of 30,02 40. thouſand pound, 
but all the reſt che Caſſaks in ¶ hip had caried away. 

Ju the lame place they foun.” ether, diners of the Caflaks whichthe Engliſh men had flaine, 
huriedinthe earth, and wmapt for; = foptie op fiftig yardes of Satcin and Taffataes, and ſume in 
Unie carpets cut and ſpopled by hole vilanous Pirats, of whom afterwardes as many as 
couldbe taken by the Perſians, who entire ly loued the Engliſh merchants, were put to moſt cruel 
ments in all places accopding to their deſerts. 

But our men being thus ſpoyled of their goods, and wounded in their bodies, remained about 
monuneths at Aſtracan, fog their better retouerie: and hauing gotten ſome reaſonable ſtrength. 
they then pꝛouided boates, and went vp the riuer Volga tu Cazan, with ſuch goods as they had 
recoutred from the Caſſakg. From Cazan they went tu marus Yeraflaue, but in the way the ice 
intercepted them about the beginning of October, where ſuddenly in the nigbt they were taken 
witha cruell and vehement froft, and there withall the waters fo congeled, that their boates were 
muted and cut in funder with the ice, whereby they ſuſtained both a further daunger of life and 
Tolle of gods: af dak se much adoe, they conueyed ouer land in 
leds to Vologda, and from chence ſent much of it to S. Nicholas, to bee laden in the thippes 07 
d. 0 


But matter Ducket, Lionell Plumtree, and Amos Riall went with fome parcels tothe Mof- 
ko, and there ſold certaine quantities of it to the Emperour, who pitping the mightit loſle that 
they had ſuſtained by his otme rebellions people and ſubiects, bought himſelfe as much as hee 
liked; and paied pꝛeſent money foz the fame, So that inter beyng {pent out in Mosko, aud 
uch wares pꝛouided by them as lerued for England, they departed to S. Nicholas, and there 
embarked in the monethol Auguſt: and hauing indured a perp terrible paflage in nine tweekes 
un the dapes, with fome hardneſſe of victuals, contrarp and furious windes, and other fea ac: 
nidents, they arriued at London in the moneth of October one thouſand ſiue hundꝛed ſtuentie and 
foute, and ſo made an ende of an vnfontunate voyage, which if it had pleaſed God to profpre, that 
allehings bad come home as ſalely as they were carctully pyouided, and painfully laboured 15 


—— ——— ——— — — 
he voyages and diſcoueries Ffeffrey Ducke, 
— — — 


it had ppoouen the richelt voyage and molt proficable returne of commoditte that had euer bene pp, 

. — lof nothing of — 

ern tilen by the vſe ol their torte 
meant 


Further obſeruations concerning the ſtate of Perſia, taken in 


the foreſaydfirſt voyage into tlioſe partes, and written by M. Ieffrey Duc- 
let, one of the Agents employed in the fame, 


24 Hamachie is the faireũ to mne in all Media, andthe chiefelt tonnnodine of the 
SA GN fect Countrep is rehe Hike, ap the greateftplencie chereot is at a townetthrebepeg 
RON G7 | fourney from Shamachie called Arath : and within thee dayen iourney of A. 
>> yi raſn, is a countrepnamed Groifine, whoſe inhabitants are . 

24 


Of the name of the Sophie of Perfia, and why he is called 


the Shawgh,and of other cuſtomes. 


be king of Perſia (whom here we call the great Bophi) is not there (o callen, 
but is called the Shawgh. I were there daungerous to tall him by the name 
of Dophi, becauſe that Dophé in the Perſian tongue, is a berger, and it wen 
at much as to call him, Che great begger. Me lieth at a towne called Casbin, 
vbich is ſiuate in a goodly fertile valley of thie 0 foure dayts fourney in 
i length. Dee eee of hnicke, not 
hardened with fire, butonelp died at the Sunne, as is che moſt part of the building of all Perla. 
Che king hath not come out of che compaſſe of his otune houſt, in the and thirtie 07 foure um 
thittie peeres, whereof the cauſe is not knowen, but as they fap, it is vpon a ſuperſtition of tu 
taine prophefies to which they are greatly abdittedthee is now about foureftoze peeres of age,and 
very lultie. And to keepe him the mode luſtte, hee hath foure wines alwayes, and about ther hun 
dꝛed toncubines, andonce in the peere he hath all the faire maidens and wiues that may be found 
& great way about, brought vnto him, whom he diligently peruſeth, feeling them in all partes, ty 
king ſuch as be liketh, and putting away ſome olthem which hee bath kept befope, and with them 
that be putteth away, he gratiſteth fone fuch as hath done him the beſt ſeruice. And ik he chaunce 
totake anp mans wile, ber huſ band is very glad thereol, and in rerompence of her, oftentimes 
he giueth the huſ hand one of his olde ope, whom hethankfullp receiueth, 

I anyſtranger being a Chyiſtian ſhall tome before him, he muſt put on a new paite of het 
Bew tevin, made in that countrep, aid from the place where beentercth, there is vigged ait were, a ut 
all the way, vntill he come to the place where he ſhall neee ſtandeth a lwayts t. 

boue in a gallerie, hen he talketh with any ſtrangers: and when the uranger is departed, 
is the caulie caſt dotont. and the ground made even agate, 


La 


Of the religion of the Perſians. 


MPM W cit religion is all one with the Curkes, ſauing that they differ who was che riche fiw 

— 4 E cellonrof Mabumet. Che Curkes fap that it was one Homer and his ſonne Viman, 

Bae Dut the Perſians fap that it was one Mortus Ali, which they would prooue in tles 

="maner, They ſay there was a counſell called to decide the matter tho fhould ber che 

N fucceffour : and after they had called vpon ahumet to reueale vnto them his will and pleaſune 
2 pode therein, there came among them a litle Lizard, who declared that it was Mahumets pleafire chet 
religion, Mortus Ali ſhould bee his fucceffour, This Mortus Ali was abaléane man, and flew Homertht 
Curkes pꝛophet. He had a lworvehac he fought withall, with che which he conquered all his ene 

mies, and killed as many as he ftroke . Ihen Mortus Ali dled, there came a holp prophet, the 

gaue them warning that (opel there would come a white Camell, vpon the which hee charred 

them to lap che body ef wor of Mortus Ali, and to ſufſer the Camel to carie it whither ie 


Feffrey Ducker, 


mmoditte, that had euer 
Ener den bega 
rilen by the vſe ol their doch 


e of Perſia, taken in 


en by M. leffrey Duc- 
e fame. 


bebe chiefelt commonitic of 

thereof is at a —— 
within cher dayen iourney of A. 
abitants are Chhiſttans, andere 
) Georgians : there is much 
duntrey is called Zegham, from 
Wafell nuts, all of one ſox any 
theſe are carted peercly che quam 


d why he is called 


at Dophi) is not there fo calle, 
gerdus to tall him by the name 
t tongue, is a begger, and it wen 
e lieth at a towne called Casbin, 
three on foure dapes ſourney in 
0} the moſt part all of icke, not 
{ding of all Perla, 


part of the 
in ther and thirtie 07 foure am 
, it is vpon a fupertticion of cere 
out foureſcoze peeres of age. in 
es alwayes, and about ther hum 
ens and wiues that may be tun 
eth, feeling them in all partes, in 


mutt put on a new paire ol ort 
err is digged agit were, a tue 
— — ſtandeth alwapess 
en the Uranger is departed, then 


ans. 


they differ who twas the right fim 
ne Homer and his ſonne Viman, 
hich they would prooue in this 
ye the matter who ſpould bee the 
bitto them his will aud pleaſun 
tit was Mahumete pleatiare that 
liane man, and ſlew Homer the 
which he conquered all his tue 
chere came a holy prophet, the 
ell, vpon the which hee charged 
mel to carie it whither 1 


Geofrey Ducket. of the Engliſh nation. 


te the fa ide, and the camell going a good wap into the ſea, was with the won and body ol 
Mortus Ali taken vp into beauen, fog whole teturne ay Romy long looked in Perſia. And 
(oy this caute, che king alwapes keeper) a hozſe reavie Cadled fop him. and alfo of late kept ſoꝛ 
hunde of bis omne daughters to be his wife, but the died in the peere of our Loe 15 73, And 
fap , that if hee come not hozelp, they ſhalbe of our belicfes much like the Jewes loo · 
ging in chett Meſſias to come and reigne among them, like a woplolp king fo, euer, and des 
woerchem from che captiuttit which they are notwe in among the C hitians, Curkes, and Gen · 


4 Shaugh,opking of Perfia,is nothing in ſtrength and power comparable vnto the Turke: 
fa be bath a great Dominion, pet is it nothing to be compared with the Curkes :nets 
ther bath bee any great Ordinance op gunnes, 07 harquebuſſes. NMotwithſtanding, his cloek 
(onne Iimael, about twentie and fue peeres pat, fought a great battaile with the Turke, and 
len of his armie about an hundꝛeth thouſand men, who after his returne, was by his father caft 
um pifon and there continucth vntil this day: fo bis father the Shaugh, had him in ſuſpition that 
he wauld haue nt him Downe, and haue taken the regiment vnto himſelfe. 


423 


Che which being perfourmed,che (aid white camell caried the {wp and body of Mortus Ali bn. 


Char pinion of Chpitt is, that hee was an holy man, anda great Wrepbete,but not like bnto gh. 


Mahumet: ſaping, that Mahumet twas the lat pꝛophet, by whome all things were ſuuſben and 
tustherelche che greateſt. To pꝛooue that Chak was not Gods ſonne, they fap that Gol had 
neuer wile, and therefoꝛe could haue no ſonne op childꝛen. They goe on pilgrimage from the fur · 
thett part of Perfia, unto Mecha in Arabia, and by the wap they vilit allo the Sepulchꝛe of Chyiſt 
atlerufalem, which they now call Couche Kalye. 

Che molt part of ſpices which commeth into Perſia, is bought from the Illande of Ormus, 
fmate in the gulle of Perfia, called Sinus Perficus, betweene the maine lande of Perfia and Ara- 
bu, gt. The Portingals touche at Ormus both in their voyage to Caſt India, and home warde as 
gaine, and from chence bring all ſuch {pices as are occupied in Perſia and the tegious there as 

$fop of pepper they bring very ſmall quantitie, and that at a verp deare price, 

Che Curkes oftentimes bring pepper from Mecha in Arabia, whichthey fell as good cheape 
u that which is bꝛougbe fromOrmus, Silkes are huught from no place, but are tnoughe all 
iutheir one countrey. Ormus is within two miles ol the maine lande of Perſia, and the Por- 
2 feeche their freth water there, foz the which they pap tribute to the Shaugh op king of 


Tithin Perſia, they haue neither golde nop fuer mines, pet haue they coyned money, both ol Their menep, 


gelde and ſiluer, and alſo other ſmall moneis of copper. There is brought into Perfia an incredi⸗ 
lle umme of Dutch dolera, which for the moſt part are there employed in ra we fitke, 


They haue fewe bookes, and leſſe learning. and are ſoꝛthe mot part very baucithin all kinde of Cpeir tocheg 
god ſcientes ſauing in ſome kind of filke wozkes, end in ſuch things as pertaine to the furniture andiearning, 


ofborles,in the which they are palling good. 


Thel lawes are, as is their religion, wicked and deteftable, And if an y man oſſend the prince, Burd was ede 
he punitherh it extreemelp, not onclp in the perfon that offendeth, but alſo in his childzen, and in spacenoniaus. 
asthanp as are of bis kinue. Theft and murther are often puniſbed, yet none otherwiſe then pleas 2 trralan. 


leth him that is ruler in the place where the offence is committed, aid as the partie offending is a» 
ble to make friends, d with money to redeeme his offence, 

Chere is oftencimes great mutenie among the people in great townes, which of Mortus Ali 
fonnes was greateſt: Inſomuch that ſometimes in the totwne two oꝛthꝛee thoufande people are 
together by the cares for the fame, as I haue ſeene in the towne ol Shamaky and Ardouill, and 
alfo in the great citie of Teucris, where I haue ſeene a man comming from fighting, in a bꝛaue⸗ 
tie hinging in his hande foure o} fine mens heads, carrying them by the haire of the head: lz als 
though they ſhaue their heads mot commonly twiſe a werbe, pet leaue they a tuft of haire bp» 
onthe crotme, about two foote long. J haue enquire why they leaue chat tuft of haire vpon 
— Chey anſwere, that thereby they map eallyer bec taried vp into heauen, when they 


Forcheit religion, they haue tertaine priettes, who are apparelled like vnto other men. They 
we tuery moming and afternoone, to goe vp to the tops of their Churches, and tell there a great 
tale of Mahumet ¢ Mortus Ali: and other preaching haue they none, Their L ent is after Chili 
mu nut in abſtinente from lech onely, but from all meates and dꝛinkes, vntill the day be off the 
hie: but then they cate ſometimes the whole night, And although it be againſt their relig ion to 
Wake hint, yet at night they will eee and be onken. © 

q eir 


—— 
seligton, 


2 
Sheu Lens, 


— aes 
4.24. The voyages and diſcoueries Creofrey Ducker, 


Their lene beginneth at che netue Peoue,and they doe not enter into it vntili they haue (eeng 
fame: Feicherper voeth chet lem ene, aril be bau lame the nert urwe 9Poone although 
fame (through cloſe weacher ) Houle net be feene in long time. 
Ther tents They haue among them certatne holy men, tohome thep call Seces,conmnted bolpfop thatthep 
and op men. o any of their aunceftours haue bene on pilgrimage at Mecha in Arabia, ſq ty gon 
thither on pilgrimage to biltte the Cepulctye of Mahumer, boch hee and all bis potteritic, are mu 
Pilgrimage, aſter called Sctes, and counted fop holy men, and haut no leſſt opinion of chemtelues, Amd 
man contrarp one of chefe, bee will {ap chat hee is a Maine, and therefore ought to be belttuen 
and that hee cannot lie, although be Ipeneuer ſo ſhamefully. Thus a man map be to hola 
pride is greater then ſpirituall pide, of a minde puffed vp with his otune opinion of holineſt. 
Theſe Setes doe vie to ſhaue their heave all euer, ſauing on the fines a litele about the temples, 
the which they leaue vnſbauen, and vſe to byaive che fame as women doe their bare, and to went 
it as long as it will growe. 
Euerp moꝛning they vle to woyſbiy Gov, Mahumet, and Mortus Ali, and in praping tume 
A themſelues toward the South, betault Mecha lieth chat way from chem. Ihen they be n 
Fang ot CoD uaile on the wap, many of them will ( as foone as the Sunne rileth) light from their holen sur, 
ane Padus ning themſelues to che South, and will lape cheir gotwnes before them, with their [worden an 
bea s, and fo ſtanding vpnighe. worhip to the South: And manp times in their prapers knecie 
do wie and kille their beades, o ſome what eis that liech beſoꝛe them. 
Wathingand The men o; women doe neuer goto make water, but they vie to take with them a porte with 
une. lee a ſpoute, and after they haue made water. they flath fone water vpon their pꝛiuie pattes, and thus 
doe the women aſwell as the men: and this is a matter ol great religion among them, and in ma 
king ol water, the men doe come dowue as well as the women. 
See eee hen they earneſtly affirme a matter, chey will fweare by God, Mahumet,o} Mortus Alia 
ö fomctimes bp al at ones: as thus in their otone neon faping,Olla Mahumet Ali. Butif bee 
fweare by the Shaughes head, in ſaying Shaugham bafthe, pou map then belecue bim if pou mil 
Kye kings The Shaugh poet iid ay maguificence in his court: and although ſometimes in ame 
magnificence, neth oz fire weekes, none of his nobilitie 0 counſaile can {ee him, pet goe they dayly to the court, 
and tarie there a certaine time, vntill they haue knowen his pleaſure whether he will tommam 
them any thing oz not. He is watched euery night with a thoufand of his men, which art call 
Purduants. big Curſhes, who are thep that hee bith to ſende into the Countreis about bis greateſt affaires, 
Ahen he ſendeth any of them (if it be to the greateſt of anpof his nobilitie) he will obey them a 
though the meflenger ſhould beate any of them to death. 
Ee kings The Shaugh occupieth himſelfe a 8 two dapes in the werke in his Bathſtoue, and when 
— 1 bec is dilpoſed to goe thither, bee taketh wich him fue op fire of his concubines, moze op lefle, a 
es and one dap they conſume in walking, rubbing , and hathſng bim, and the other day in paring bis 
concubines. nailes, and other matters. The greateſt part of his life, hee ſpendeth among his wiues and can 
cubines, Hee hath nowe reigned about fiftie and foure peeres, and is therefore counted a ven 
holy man, as they euer eftceme their kings, if they haue reigned fiftie peeres 07 moye:foy they 
meafure the fauour of God by a mans profperitie, op bis diſpleaſure by a mans miſſoſtune q 
Ae The great Turke hach this Shaugh in great teuerente, becaule hee hath reigned kung 
o long time. 
ae 2 dan {aide befoze that hee hath foure wines, and as many concubines as him liſteth: andi 
dome. he chaunce to haue any childꝛen by any of his contubines, and bee minded that anp ofthoſe chil: 
den (hall inhertte after him, then when one of his wiues dieth. the concubine whome bee lu fe 
„ one of his wiues mn the childe whome bee fo loueth beit, hee opdaineth to ber 
ng im. 
Mhat J heard of the maner ol their marriages, lc offending of bontſt conſciences and chatte 
a. sate eatin tommit to writing: theit fatting I haue declared before. They vſe circumeition 
vnto childen of (euen peeres of age, as doe the Curkes, 
denne Their houſen(as I haue laid) rt im che mon part mave of bricke, not burned but only dritt 
tnbmenerot the Dunne: Tn their houfes they baue but litele furniture of boulbo in tutte ercepe it be ther tu 
cating. pets, and ſome copper wonke: fop all their kettles and diſhes wherein they cate, are of copper, 
They eate on the ground, ſitting on carpets crofle | as doe tailers, Chere is no man ſo fim 
ple but he ſitteth on a carpet better oz won ſe, and the whole boule oz roome wherein bee ſitteth u 
doboly couered tuith carpets, Cher doules are all with Mat toofes, couered with earth: and in he 
former time they lie vpon them all night. 
Theyhaue many bond feruants boch men and women. Bond men and debe, , 


~ 


Geofrey Ducke, 


to it vntill the 
—— 


a man map be to holxam 
bis one opinion of 
besa ile aboue Geena 
a doe their brite, and to weare 


us Ali, and in praying tum 
them, Ihen they be in 
b) ligbe fromtbeir haltu w 
chem, with their fwopdes an 
times in their prapers knerie 


otake with them a poem 
n their privie —— 
gion among them, and in ma, 


Mabumet . Mortus All 
Dila Mahumet Ali. Butif bee 
p chen beleeue him if pou til, 
lchougb ſometimes in am 
pet goe they daply to the cour, 
e whether he will comma 
ok his men, which are cz 

is about his greateſt aum 
obilitie) he will obep them ab 


te in bis Bachſtoue, and when 
foncubines, moze op leſſe, an 
the other day in paring bis 
) among his wines and con 
mis thercfope counted a ver 
iftie peeres 07 move: for they 
ure by a mans miffortune i; 
etauſe hee hath reigned king 


ubine s as him liſteth: andi 
minded that any of thoſe chil: 
toncubine whome bee lo fr 
eth beſt, hee opdaineth to ber 


honeſt conſciences anv chate 
efoꝛe. They wfc circumcifion 


not burned but only miedin 
id ſtulfe, except it be their cars 
in they eate, are of copper, 
ers, Chere is no man fo fim 
dome toberein bee ſitteth u 
puered with earth: and inthe 


nen and bondwomen, * 


Geofrey Ducket. ofthe Englifh nation. 4.25 


. OTN. PR RE Fagg gun Renan 29 oan oer ͤ ę— — — 

tiche belt binde of Parchandile that any man map bring, ben they buy anp mapdes on pong dann unten 

vonn they bie tu fer le them in all partes, as with vs men doe horles : when one bath bought W . 
woman, if he like her, he will keepe her for his owne vie as long as him liſteth, and then 888 

lh ber to an other, who doeth the like wich her. Bo that one woman is ſometimes ſolde in the ald. and let to 

fpace of foure o flue peeres, twelue, op twentie times, Tf a man keepe a bonde woman fo bis dert. 

stone be, and if her finde her tu be falle co him, and giue her bodie to any other, hee map kill her 


will. 
—— trauailer commeth to any totone where he entendeth to tarp any time, he 
brucha woman, 07 ſometimes 2,02 3. during his abode there. And when hee commeth to an other 
donne he doeth the like in the Came allo: for there they vie to put out theit women to hire, as wee 
we bete hackney boꝛſes. 
Chere is a very great riner which runneth though che plain of Iauat, which kal leth into the 
Cafpian ſea by a tomne called Backo, nette vnto which towne is a ſtrange thing to behold. Foz aa 
here ieth out of the ground a marueilous quantitie of Ople, which Oyle they fetch from the ve: ourof te 
bounds of all Perfia : it ſetueth all the Countrey to burne in their houſes. ann 
Chis ople is blacke, and is called Nefte : they vſe to cary it throughout all the Countrey vyon 
une ¢ alles, of which pou Nall oftentimes meete, with foure op fine hundzed in a companie. There 
is allo by the ſald towne of Backo, an other kinde of ople which is white and very precious: and is o pe 
toto be che fame that here is called Petroleum. There is alſo nat farte from Shamaky, 2 lam * 
the vnto tarre, and ilſueth out of the ground, thereof wee haue made che proofe shat in our 
it feructh well in the ſlead of tarre. 
Ju Perſia are kine of two forts, the one like vnto ours in theſe partes, che other are maruei · Cwe Corts of 
hm tulll fatouted,with great bones, and very leane, and but little haire vpon them: their mile d 
is wowilh ſweete: they are like vnto them which are ſpoken of in the Seripture, which in the 
nenne el Pharao ſigniſied the ſeuen beate peeres: foꝭ a leaner op moze euill fauourev beaſt, can 


noman fee, 

Guthe Countrep of Shiruan ( ſometime called Media) if pow chaunce to lye in the fields nette 
um anp village, as the twilight beginneth, pou ſhall haue about you two oz thice hundped fores, fores m 
which make a marueilous waweling oz howiling: and il vou looke not well to pott vittuals, it vrtat plenste, 
hal tape them hardly but cep will haue part with you. tt 

Che Cafpian ſea, doeth neither ebbe nop flowe, extept ſometimes by rage of winde it ſwelleth 
spverpbigh the water is very fale, Dotwbeit, the quantitie of water that fallech out of the great 
nut of Volga, maketh the water freſh at che leaſt twentis leagnes into che fea, The Caſpian fea 
is marueilous full of fith,but no kinde of monſtrous lich. as farre as I could vnderſtand, yet bach it 
init ſoyte s ol liſhes which are not in chefe parteg ol che wold, 
* good, and the ſheeye great, hauing very great rumps with much fat vpon 


Rife and mutton is their chiefe victuall. 


The Copie of a letter ſent to the Emperour of Moſ- 
couie, hy Chriftopher Hodſdon, and VV illiam 
Burrough, Anno 1570. 


OK migbtie Emperour, xc. Cethereas fir William Garratd and his fellows 
thip, the Compame of Eng lin Parchants this lak winter fer to the 
Narue, 3 ſhips laden with marchan / fe, which was left here, g with it Chriſto- 
pher Hodſdon one of the ſaide felowhhip aud theit chiete doer in this place, wo 
then hee came fir hither, and vntill ſuch ame as bee had diſpatched thofe 
ſhippes from hence, was in hope of goods te lade twelue op thirteene ſailes of 
sredlhinpes, againſt chis ſbipping, wherefore bee wnate vnto the {aide fir William Garrard and 
biscompanie to ſende bither this fring the lade nomber of chirtcene ſhippes. And berauſe that 
intheir conmniung bither twee found: the Frrebooters on the fea, and luppoſing this peere that 
they would be very ſtrong. hee therefore gaue the faive fie William aud his Companie aduiſe, 
tofurnith che ſalde nomber of ſhippes fo ſtronglp, as they thoulde bee able to withſtande the 
ince ofthe Freebooters: ¶Abertupon they haue accoꝛding to his aduiſe Cent this peere thirteene 
good ſhippes together well furniſhed with men and munition, and all other neceffaries fon the 
which 13. ſhippes William R 
9 2 


426 The voyages and diſcoueries William Borough, 


vnto whome there was giuen in charge, chat tf bee mette with any che Danske F 

whatſoeuer robbers aud therues, that are enemies to yous bighneile, bee Quo bor beben 
prebende and take them : It ſo haypened chat the teuth day of this moueth the ſaide Willian 
with his fleece, metre with Gre ippes of the Frcebocers neere vnta an Illande called Tue, 
which is about 50. verſts from Narue, vnto which Freebooters he with bis fleete gaue chat, m 
tooke of them the Admiral, wherein were left but 3. men, the reff were ſledde to ſhoart in ther 
boates among ft the woods vpon eee, 0 bee bee fire and burnt her. Hee allo took: 

and one 


= 


tt 


FESTERST ES 


+4 


Voivoda ,the t r monetb. One i 


is Haunce Snar 


a 8 


ire 


* 
logdl 
I. 
dt 
dern 


treis, accopding to the priuilenge ginen vnto vs, wee 
rous luccelle tothe plealure of Ged, From Narue 


Your Maieſties moſt humble 
and obedient, 


Chriftopher Hodfdon, 
1 William Borough. 


Anote of the proceeding of M. Anthonie Ienkinſon, Am- 


baffadour from the Queenes mot excellent MaieStie,to the En- 
perour of Ruſſia, from the time of his arriuall there, being the 
26. of luly 1571. vntill his departure from thence 


the 23. of luly, 7572. 


diam Borough, 


the Danske F: 


ſindeug here Chri 
ther in 2 name of fir Wil. 
did prefent vnto pour bi 
15 prob 10 
aue o bs, heme 
bis: TAihen we thous bane 
. of our Englid 
e might be reſerutd iche 
nelly intreattd fop him u 
ers, and by his meanes hay 
nds. Wherefore ifit pleaſt 
land, wherein wer 
Ibe obſerued. 
lings and twpitings,as ber 
ind in what opder they were 
d vnto Kneze Yoriue 
furtherance fop the law 
aue peruled, wee defire chat 
be sfop thele ſlippes which 
e 
es onder) bent 
— bereafter haut yan 
ti of pour Paieſties 
atefties health, wich pu 


ONO 1570. 


moſt humble 


dient, 


iſtopher Hodſdon. 
liam Borough, 


nkinfon, Am- 
Stie,to the Ems 
being the 

ence 


A Aub. Jon dinſon. ofthe Engliſn nation. 427 


being e 

i place 

n bis wap, was fraped, and kept at a cowne called Shasko, and not bee 
——— th herbs to weturne backe againe, 07 ſende vnto mee: bp meanes 
thereof in che (pace of foure Fi contd neither heart nop knowe twbat mas become of him, 
in which tine my ſaide meſſenger founde meanes co aduertiſe the Gouernour of the C itie of Vo- 
logda,as well of his Bap, as of the cauſe of his comming thither. dato ſent him woe that it was 
im pollible to palſe any neerer the Wrince without further onder from his Maieſtie, tobo was 
goneto the marres agamnf the Swethens, and that bee would aduertiſe his higbneſſe fo foone as 
hee mighe conueniently: Aud fo my (aide meſſenger was fepced to remaine there Mill without ane 
lutte. During wbich cime olhis Rap though che great den ‘ag afopefatve, ) I founde meanes 
u ſende another with a guide by an vnnowen way through wilderneſſe, a choufande 
miles about, thinking that way bee ſhould paſſe without let: but it prooued contrarp, ſoꝭ libemiſt 
bee being palled a great part of bis iournep, fell into che handen of a watche, and eſcaped vet 
batvly,that bee and his with their hoꝛſes had not bene burnt, accopding to the iatwe 

ved fo luch as would lecke to pafle bp indirect wapes, and many haue felt the ſmart thereof, 
which had not where with to buy out the paine: neither coulde that meſlenger retarne backe vn 
tomee 


And thus was J kept without anlwere op oder from bis Maieſtie, and remained at the (aide 
Colmogro, vntill dert Januarie following neither hauing a Gentleman to fafegard me, noz 
longing appointed me. no; allowance of victuals accopding tothe Countrep fathion fo Ambalſa· 
anz, which argued his grieuous diſpleaſure towards out nation, And the people ol the Couns 
teey percetuing the ſame, vled towards mee and my companie ſome diſcourteſies: but about the 
28 pap afopefain,the plague craſed, and the pallages being opened, there came oder from bis a 
itttie that I ſbould haue poſte hoꝛſes, and be ſuffered to depart from Colmogro to goe to a Citie 
called Peraflaue nerre to the Court, bis Maieſdie being newly returned ftõ the ſaid warres. And 
Jarived at the ſaid Peraſlaue the 3. of Febzuarie, where J remained vnder the charge of a gens 
llemun hauing then a houfe appointed me, allowance of victuals, but ſo ſtraitly kept, that none 


— 
428 The voyages and difcoueries AMA. Anth lenkinfon, 


and laid, Dom doth Queene Elisabeth mp fitter is the in health: co whom A anfwwerer, Gon tag 
blelle her Paiettir with health, and peace, and boerh mich the like unto thee Lop, her lowing by, 
ther. Then his Mateſtie ficcing downe againe, commanded all bes nobilitte and other to depen, 
and auoyde the chamber, ſauing the chiefe Serretat ie, and one otherol the Counfell, and mlt 
me to appꝛoch nere vnto him with my Juterpꝛetqh, laid vuto me theſe wopds, 

Anthonie, the laſt time chou walt with vs beare, wee did commit vnto thee our truttie anp 
cree Meſlage, to bee declared onto the Queenes miele herfelfe thy Mitkrelle at thy coming 
hore, and did expect thy comming vnto vs againe at the time we appointed, with a full ane 
of the fame from her highneſſe. And in the meane time there came vnto vs at ſeuerull tm 
three mellengers, the one called Manly, the other George Middleton, ang Edward Good. 
man, by the way of the Narue about the Sparchants affaires: co tohome we ſent our mellengerty 
knoms tobetber chow Anthonie, were returned home in fafetic and toben thou ſhouldel teme 
vnto vs againe: but thole meſſenge r coulve tell vs nothing, and did miſtall aud abuſe with tull 
wondes, both our meſſenger and chee, where with wee were much offender, And 
that the ſaide Goodman had letters about him, wee cauſed him to be ſearched, with twhome dene 
found many letters, wherein was wpitten much againſt our {Princely eſtate, and that in dur Em 
pire were manp vnlamfull chings done, whereat wee were much grieued, and would ſufftr none 
of thoſe rude meſlengers to haue accefle vnto vs: and thortlp after wee were inſourmed that one 
Thomas Randolfe was come into our Dominions by the wap ot Dwina, Ambaſſadout from 
the Queene, and wer fent a Gentleman to meete and conduct him to our Citie of Moſco x 
which time wee looked that thou ſhouldeſt haue returned vnto vs againe. And the ſaide Thomas 
being arrine d at our laide Citie, wee ſent vnto him diuers times, that bee ſhoulde come andeon, 
ferre with our Counfell, whereby wee might vnderſtande the cauſe of his comming, looking 
fo aulwere ol thole our princely affaires committed onto chee, But hee refuſed to tome to cu 
ſalde Counſell: therefore, and log that our ſaide Citie was viſited with plague, the ſaide Tho. 
mas was the longer kept from our pretence, NAlbich being tealed, forthwith wee caue him 
teſſe and audience, but all his talke wich vs, was about Marchands affaires, and nothing top 
thing ours. Mee knowe that Marehants matters are to bee heard, for that they are the tayo 
our Wrincelp treaſures: But Girl Bꝛinces affatres are to bee eftablithen,and then Marchants. 
After this the ſalde Thomas Randolfe was with vs at our Citie of Vologda, and wer dealt tuch 
bim about our Pꝛintely affaires, whereby amitie berwixt the Qutenes Maieſtie and vs, mit 
be ellabliſhed fop cuer, and matters were agreed and toncluder bet diet pour Ambaflavour am 
vs, and thereupon wee fent our Ambaſladour into England with hu ito ende the fame, but un 
Embaſladour returned vnto vs againe, without finithing our (aid affaires contrary to out experts 
tion, and the agreement betwirt vs, and your ſald Ambaſſadour. 

Thus when his Maieſtie had made a long diſcourſe, A humbly beleechen his highnellem 
heare me gratiouflp, and to giue me leaue to ſpeake without offence. and to be leeue thofe de u 
be true which J ſhould ſpeake. IAhich he graunted, and theſe were mp woꝛdeg. 

Mok noble and famous Wine, the mellage which thy highneſſe did ſende by mee vntotht 
Queene her moſt excellent Maieſtie touching thy Princely and ſecret affaires, immediatlyam 
ſo ſoone as I tame home, J did declare both ſecretly and truely vnto the Queenes Maiellit her 
ſelke, woꝛd fo; woꝛd, as thou Lorde diddeſt commaunde mee. MAhich her hi ghneſſe did willingly 
heare and accept, and being mindefull thereof, and willing o anſwere the fame, the nen 
Chipping after her Maieſttt did ſende vnto thee Lowe, her biginetle Amballavour Thomas 
Randolfe, whofe appꝛooud wiſedome and fivelitie was vnto her Maieſtie well knowen, and 
therefore thought mecte to bee ſent to fo woꝛthy a Minte, who had Commiffion not oneipts 
treate with thy Maieſtie ol Marchants affaires, but alſo of thoſe chp Mincely and ſerttt a 
faires committed vnto mee, And the tauſe (mol gracious Punte) that J was not {ent . 
gaine, was, fo; that I was imployed in ſeruite vpon the Seas again che Qucenes Patches 
enemies, and was not returned home at ſuch time as Maſter Thomas Randolfe departed twith 
the Dbippes, to come into thy Patetties Countrev, otherwiſe J had bene ſent. And where: 
asthy atettte feveth. that Thomas Randolfe woulde not treate with thy Counſell of the mat 
ters of his Legation, het b attoming to his Commiſlion: which was: Ful 

to deale with thy Maieſtie thy ſelfe, which oder is commonly vſed among all Punces, when 
chey ſende their Amballavours about matters of great tonight, And whereas the ſaide Tho- 
mas is charged that her agreed and concluded vpon matter at the Came time, and promifco the 
a 144 by the Queene her Maieſtie: bereupon (Lowe) chou dine 
ud thy a with him into Englande, for anſwere hereof : He reap pleale ty ee 


tb. Tenkinfon, A. e I nib.Fenkinfon. of the Englith nation. 429 


andres Gon Giz to bmerſtand shat as the (aid Thomas Randolfe doch conteſſe. that in bete he had talke with 
Lem, ber lowing ig N and tounſell diners times about princely affaires ; tuen ſo he denieth that cuer he 
and others ta denm, pa anree,conclude,op make anp pomife in any condition o ober, astsalleagen otherwiſe then 
Lounfell, and tithing Gould pleaſethe Nuerne ber Maieſtit to lake of, at his returne home, which he did tultifie to thy 
g. Highnes Ambaſſaron his face in Englano,Ciberefore mol migbtie Pince it voth wel appeare, 
bee our ttuſtie ane fe, chat either thy Ambaſſano; did vntri i enforme thy Maieſtie, o els thy puutely minde, and the 
relle at thy comming aut meaning of the Queenes Vigones ber Anidalladop, fop want of a good Fnterpretop, was not 
D, with a füll anfinere weil bnverttoode : and how than kefully che Queene her Maieſtie did receaue thy Vighnes com · 
vs at Couerall times menvacions,and letters fentbp chp Mateſtien Ambaflavop, and hom gratioully the gaue himaue 
ano Edward Good. sence fandpy times vſing him with luch honour in al points fo thy fake L ond, her louing brother, 
fent our mellengerts asthe like was neuer ſhewed to auy Ambaſlado in our Realme,and hom honoꝛably wich full an · 
thou ſhouldel rerum flsere in all things, her Maieſtte dilmilled him, when he hadfnithen all thy mincelp affaires (as 
ll and abuſe bith tull klermed) to his otune contentation, it may well appeare bya true certificate laute ly ſent with ber 
„And onderGanding Dighnes letter nto thee Lond. by her eſſenger Robert Beaſt, and her Maieſtie did ſuppoſe that 
ed, with whore were cha thy Ambaflado; would haue made report arcoꝛdinglp, and that by him thy ighues would 
i and that in our Em dane bene ſatisũied in all things: otherwile the would haue ſent her Maieſlies Ambaſlado; with 
and would {uffer none im onto thee Lon againe. But now her Highnes perteauing that thy Maieſtie is not fully ſatil 
re inlourmed that one fies in tp Princely affaires neither by Thomas Randolfe, her Highnes Ambaſſadoz o) by chine 
a, Ambaſſadont from ne ambaſſadoʒ Andrea Sauyne, no; pet by her Maieſties letter, ſent by the ſaid Andiea:and ab 
r Citie of Moſco, x fo buder tanding thy great griefe and diſpleaſure cowards fir William Garret, and his rompanp, 
And the ſaide Thomas merchants craffihing in thy Maieſties dominions,haththougbt good to ſend me at this pꝛeſent vn · 
boulde come ad ton coche Lom Emperour, and great Dube, as wel with her Highnes ful mind, touching thy prince: 
is comming, looking ly afures. as allo to knotwe the tuft cauſe of thy Maieſties ſaid viſpleaſure cowards the {aid coms 
refuſed to tome te o panic of merchants: and bath commande me to anſ were to all things in their behalfe, and accoy 
lague, the {aide Tho. bing tocheir true meanings. Fon ber Dighnes both luppole thy Maieſties indignation, to pro» 
pith wee gaue him et tetde rather vpon the euill, and vntrue reports of 2 late Ambaſſadq in England, and ot ſuch 
ires, and nothing top wicked perfons of our nation reſident here inthy highnes dominions, rebels to her Maieſtie, and 
at thep are the are their countrie, then of any iutt veferts of the fain merchants, who neuer willingly deſerued thy 
then archants, bixbneſle vifpleafure, but rather fauour in all their doinges and meaninges, And fince the ſirſt 
la, and wee dealt uh time of their trafſcking in thy Maieſties dominions, which ia nom nineteene yeretes the ſaid mers 
Haieftie and vs might chants haue bene, and are al waies readie and tilling truely to ſerue thy higbneſſe of all chinges 
ur Ambaſſadout im meete oz thy treaſurie, in time of peace and of warre in deſpite of all thy enemies: although the 
nde the fame, but um Princes ofthe Eaſt ſeas were agreed to ſtuppe the ſounde, aud the way to the Narue, and haue 
trary to out expecta bourne, and do ning from time do time ſuch commoditie to chee L od as her Maieſty doth not {us 
ferta be tranſpoꝛted forth of ber Realme to no other Prince of che world. And what great lolſeg 
echen his highuelem the ld Sir William Garret, with his companie hath lultainen of late peeves in this trade, as wel 
eleeue thoſe vos bp ſbiptnnacke, as by falſe ſeruauts it is manifeſtlyknomen: aud what feruice the (aid companies 
eg, Hips did vnto thy Maieſtie againſt thy enemies, twa peeres pak in going tothe Narue, when 
ſende by mee vntothe they lought with the king of Poles ſbippes Freebutters, and burut the fame aud ſlew the people, 
tres, immediatiyam ab ag many as were taken aliue delivered vnto thy Captaine at the Narue, J truſt thy Dighnes 
Queenes Maiellie her doch not forget, Tiherefore moſt mighty Pꝛince, the pꝛemiſes confivered, the Queene her moft 
ghneſſe did willingly excellent Maieſtie thy louing Sitter, doeth requeſt thy ighnes to reſtoze the ſaide Sir William 
re the fame, the nest Garret with his companie into thy princely fauour againe, with their priudenges fo free craffike 
mbaſſadour Thomas with thy attuſtomed goodnes and iuſtite to be miniltred vnto them throughout all thy Maieſties 
ie well knowen, and dominions,as afoꝛetime : and that the Came may be ſigniſied by thy Pincely letters, viretted to 
mmiſſion not onelyte thy officers in all places any thy bighneſſe commandement oz teftraint to che contrarie notmith⸗ 
incely and ſetttt ab Randing, And further that it will pieaſe thy Maieſtie, not to give crevite to falſe reportes, and 
at I was not fent a butrue ſuggeſtions of ſuch as are enemies, and ſuch as neither would haue mutuall amt y to con: 
e Queenes Mpaicthes tinne bet wirt pour Maietties, nop pet entercourſe betwixt pour countries. And ſuth rebels of our 
ndolfe departed nut nation, as Ralfe Rutter, and others which lye lurking here in chy bighnen dominions, ſer king to 
ie ſent. And wett lobe dilſentions betwirt pour Maieſdies by lalſe ſurmiſes, pending away their matters goodes 
Counſell ofthe ma FH Fiotoullp, and will not come home to giue vp their atcounts, abuancing chemfeluees to bee mers 
on: which was: Fi thants, and able to ſerue thy Highnes of all thinges itte for thy trraſurie, whereas inderde they 
g all ane be er no crevite, uon able of themſelues to doe thy aieſtie ante feruice at all : the Queenes 
— bibel : 
ime, and promnifed the delinered vnto me to be carried home leaſt by here, and 
(Lone) chou dat tip with ſuch as be not thy friends, their tuill doing migbt be a 
map plenſe thy hut dun chy goodnes from Dir William Garret and his contpanie, who haut crue meaning in all 


the their 


— 
430 The voyages and difcoueries Adie nth. lenkinfon, 


their doings, and are reabp to ſerue thy Highnes at Al times, vſing manp 
— ber edeg, ao Ge Brig ed pons fenazi, axe N U aut 


IC hen tae ei gene en egen ed fel further, 
soak whan tet ttre fede roa ther A tis pana 


che 
from hence cowards our bandern of Nouogrode, — 
„ W 


ee eee thetng lis 
favour vnto our {ato intbeir fuces, which they fhoutn enn 
fence : who ſent me woꝛd againe that they ſbould be well afluren of bis friendthip , ¢ furtherance 
in all cheit ſutes. And forthwith pott horles were fent me, wich a Gentlemanto conduct me, in 

eee ee arriued at che ſaide Otwer, the 28. of Marthe aforefaive, 
where J remained till the eight of May following. Cin 4 was ito cme tno 
— — 3 ofthe fame, and the twelfth of the fame, J 
rot ace Mecretarte, twho at our meeting ſapde vnto mee hele 


followeth. 
— — pleaſethe Emperours Highnes 
to fet me knotne he tuft C 
pante,tobo neuer deſerued the fame,to their 
2. alen is ighes, atta gue ede bn ale rene 
by ſuch as {eeke to owe dillention, and byeake frienvihippe,betwwirt the Queenes Highnes, and 


bis Maieſtie. 
“g ee sn dap ef ead ode ny 
eaten to relloe them to their ſoymer priuilenges,and liberties, fo free 
ame aha xe eben s in as aniple manner as afopecime, 
actuſtomed b. 


wet letters of priufledge,and 
te wth pea ges crt bea 
all his fubiects,as wing vnto them, as 
—— ol his dily 
chants wert forces by ſeuere iuſtice to anſwer ta all mens demands but abe gen 
5. Alo chat his Maieſtie would vnderſtand that much debes are o wing to the ſaid merchants, 
by biuers ol his Nuhilitte, whereof part are in durance, and ſome exetuted, and the ſald merchants 
——————— toe fone, except bis Dighnes pitie their cafe , and com 
mand fome oper to be taken therein. 
ent eet 
ſumme, op ſummes of money as are otving aud due his Maieſtte. io) wares, 
well Eng lich, as Shamakye taken into bis Dighnes treaſurie by bis officers in or mi 
the long fopbearing thereof bath bene, and is great hinderance to che ſad commpante of merchants ae 


44. Antb. Fenkinfon. of the Englith nation. 


nthe next — Crimmes,andochers their enemies, 
tarie to his Maleſtie, (rm map pleafe bis Highnes to vnderſtand, that lately our merchants comming from 
daieſties pleaſutt was, 1 Shamakye,haue bene ill vſed by his Maieſties Cuſtomers, both at Aftracan, and Cazan, at both 
2 which places chep were forced to pap cuſtomt ſoꝭ their waren, although they ſolde no part thertof, 
ryts hee (cope miles trom but houghe the fame into his Vighnes treaſurie at Sloboda: aud the ſaid Cuſtomers did not on: 
lytratt, and take much moze cuſtome then was due bp his Maieſties lawes, but alſo fc want of 
m to further, and thetng bis prefent monie, cooke wares nnch exceeding their exacted cuftorie , and doe keepe the fame as a 
occafion to moue in my abs hunn. It may cherefore pleate bis Highnesto direct his princely letter to the laid Cuftomers, 
sfriennthip , ¢ to lx vnto them bis great goodnes againe reftozed butn che {hide Engliſh merchants, as ale 
leman to conduct me, In fotocontimand them co fend the ſaid merchants their ſaid goods fo detained, vp to thc Musko, they 
28. of Marche aforetaive, paping luch cuſtome for the lame, as ſhall be by bis Maieſtie appointed. 
in, to come vnto his Be 9 Alf that it would eaſe his Highnesto t ur William Garret, with bis compa · 
the twellch ol the tie my cftablith their trade fox merchaudiſe at Colmogro in Dwina, and that ſuch wares as that 
sing ſayde vnto mer theſt be bunte out of our Countrep fit fop his treaſurie migte be looked vpon, andreceauen by bis of 
frees there: and that his Maieſties people traffiking with our merchants, may bring dotwne their 
r Queene her Highnerp commodities to the ſald Colmogro, by meanes tubercof the faive Engliſb merchants auoiding 
their pꝛince ly affaires, as great twubles, and charges in tra g cheit goods ſo farre,and into fo many places of bis do 
ndered pour wondes. n minions, map fell the fame better to the benefice of his Maieſties fubieces. 
utes pow haue to mooueta 10 Alſo tf tt feemed good to bis Hig bnes, that the whole trade tiketwife from Perfia, Boghar, 
ue acceſſe againe vnto bis un ill other thoſe Countreies beyond the Mare Caſpium, migbt be eſtabliſbed at Aftracan, the 
away. ancient marte totone in times pal, which would be boch for the grrat honour, and pꝛoſtte of his 
ne him in miting terium Haiettie and ſubiects, as J am well able to proue if it will pleaſe his Highnes to appoint any of 
5 his counfell to talbe with me therein. 
the Emperdurs Highnes 11 Qifoforafinuch as it pleafen his Maieſtie immediatly after che burning ol the Musko, to 
illiam Gasret, ¢ bis com command that the faio Eng liſh merchants fhould giue in u note into bis treaſurie, for theit lofles 


falle and vntrue repontt 
Queenes Highhes , am 


jam Garret, with bis conv 
Dees, and liberties, fop free 
afohttimt 


lulained by the laid lire. which was done by William Rowlye chen cheefe Agent fo fir William 
Gurer, and his compaup, and the particulates in the fame note confirmed tuith the faid fire , did ae 
mount to the ſunnne of 10000. rbb les. and aboue: It may pleaſe bis wigbnes of bis accuttomes 
feobnes, and great clemencie, to tonſider of the fame , andto gine the ſaide companie ſu much as 
Hall feeme good vnto his Maieſtie, to warws their ſatd loſſes. sf 


Thomas pet will he not pay che ſame debe but maketh delay from time tu time, alleaging that 
bis @Patettte oweth him a great ſumme of money, without the paiment thereof, be tan not be as 
hictapay the Cain meechanes bis dur dedt lang bod do ne, to cbete great hindermmct. An curfivere 


nee — — —————— j 
432 The voyages anddifcoueries AM. Anth Fenkinfom 


tion of che memiſles, It map pleaſe bis Dighnes, to giue onder that the ſaid Glouer map be pam, 
and that he may diſcharge bis debt tothe {ave company of merchants , andthe rather farthar be 
found ſuch mertie and fauour in England, one ly an his Maitſties fake. 

13 Allo ſoꝛaſmnuch as Ralfe Rutter, a tebell to the Queenes Maieſtie, and an tuemie to his 
Countrep, and to fir William Garret, and his company, bathof long time rt mained herr, lung 
of the ſpolles and goods ol the ſaid merchants, which he wrongfully detained in his hands , rie 
toufly (pending the ſame, during the time that he was their (truant, and would not come home 
when be was lent foz,and alſo for that the Queenes Mait ſtie torh vnderſtand, that the ſaid Ralf, 
with other his adherents, doe {eeke by all falſe meanes, to ſowe diflention, and byrake amitiedes 
twirt their Maitſtie, and tu ouerthowe the trade of the ſaid merchants: her Highnes requeltis, 
that the ſaid Ralfe, with his complices. may be deliuered vnto me. to be carried home, and ante 
ther of her aieſties ſubierts, not being of the ſotietie of the ſaid fir William Ganet and bis com 
panie to be fuffered to traffine within his higbnes dominions, ut to be deliueredto their Agen 
to be ſent home: fe that the laid merchants with great charges and loiles, both by ſbipwuckt, 
and riotous ſeruants, did firſt Gude out this trave, ann haue continued the fame, theſe 19. peeres to 
their great hinderance. 

14 Alſo wherras diuers Watters, and artilictrs of our nation, are here in his Maieſtieu (er 
uice, and doe finde themſelues grieued that they can not haue licence to depart home into thie ns 
tine Countre p, at their will and pleaſure: the Queenes Maieſties requeſt is, accopding tober 
pighnes whiting in that bebalfe, that not onelp it will pleaſe his Maieſtie to permit, and {utr 
ſuch artificers, bere refloent in the feruice of his higbnen, to haue free libertie to Depart, and goe 
home with mee, if they requelt the ſame, but allo all other the like, which (hall come pereai 
ter to ſerue his Maieſtie, to haue free libertie to depart like wiſe, without anp let oꝛ May, 

15 Allo it map pleaſe his Maieſtie to vnderſtand, that during the time of mp long being u 
Colmogto, attending bis ighnes pleaſure, fe my ſurther accefle, I with my company, haut 
not one lp bene ill vſed, aud intreated chere, and like wiſe the merthauts there, by one Beſſon 
Myſſereuye, his Maieſtics chiefe officer who hath diſbonoꝛed me, and ſmitten my people, andow 
eth the faiv merchants much money, and will not pay them: but alſo the ſaide Beſſone hath ſyo 
ken woꝛdes of difhono; againſt the Qucenes Maieſtie. Therefore it map pleaſe his Hig but 
to fend downe wit / ne to Colmogro, a Gentleman, as well chiefly to ſerch fooreh his cull bebe 
uiour towards her P nieſtie, as towards me her higbnes Ambaſſadoꝛꝝ, and to punith him accop 
dingly : and allo tha it would pleaſe his Maieſtie to ſende dotwne his letter of iuſtice, by benut 
. — any map be ſoꝛted to pay all ſuch money as he oweth to the ſaide merchans, 
without delay. 

16 Alſothat it would pleaſe his Highnes to vnderſtand, that fie William Garret, with lis 
companie, vnderllanding of the great Dearth in his Maieſties dominions, by licence of ) Queens 
Maieſtie, (not otberwife permitted) hath (ene tertaine ſhips laden with toꝛne into his Highuts 
Countrey of Dwyna,rather fop che reliete of his Moieſties ſubietts, then fo) any gaine: perthe 
good will of che ſaid merchants ligbely regarded, chey were foꝛbidden to (ell the fai coꝛne tothe 
great diſcouragtment hereafter to ſend any more. herefoze it map pleaſe his Highnes, toten 
der che good will ofthe ſaid merchants, as well in fending the ſaid coꝛne, as in all other things, 
ready to ſerue his Maieſtie, and to direct his letters to his olficers ot Dwyna, to fuffer the fare 
merchants, with their companie, to {eli the law come bp meaſure great. o (mail, at cheir pleaturr, 
without paying cuftome. ö ; 

CShete articles being de liuered to the chiefe erretarie, as alopeſaide, and our talke ended{sg 
that time. I veparted to mp lodging accompanied with certaine Gentlemen, Che next dap, bring 
che 13. ol May ache ſaid, J had warning earelp in the moming, to prepare my ſelſt to be uche 
Court. betwirt the hounes ol 10. and 11, ofthe clocke, where I fhouln haue atteſſe vnto the ye 
fence of the Nince, as well to rertaue anſwere ot all things, as to be diſmiſſed to got home. I 
which hotmes J was fent fog ta the Coutt, and byougtt into che Chamber ol pretence, where bis 
Maieſtie did lit apparelled moſt fumpeuoutly; with a rich Crowne vpon his bead, garniſbhed wit 
many pretions ſtones. his c ideſt ſonne fitting by bim and many of bis Mobilitie about him: n 
— rN Highnes tommanded m to approch very neere vnto him, and {aide bun 
me 


words. 

Anthony, the Queene our louing fitter ber letters wer haue caufen to be tranſlated, andtot 
well vnderitande the fame, and or ali tbings as well theremcantapned, as by holde of mot) 
by pou to vs declared, wer baue well confinered, and doe perceaue that our ſetrut meh 
lage buto pou committed, mas done truelp accopding to our minde (although 22 


A 
am 
pall 
Qu 
ler! 
gall 
Qu 
whe 
ofp 
out 


nt 


1E 


27. 


AHA: 


Anth Fenkinfow McA ntb.Fenkin/on. of the Engliſh nation. 


¢ {ai Glouer mapbe pas, 
ane areata 


ieftic , and an cnemie to bis 


ume remained hire, ining 

Detained in his hands, rio » 4nd little regarded, 
„ and would not come home tha fop the which caufe , and log the euill bebauiour 
weiland, that the faidRalfe, of pour mercha (who haue diners wapes tranſgreſſed aud broken 
ntion, and byeake amitiede: tut lawes liuing wilfully in all their doings) we did lay our heaute diſpleaſure vpon them, and 
us: her Highnes rt quel is wocake away from them their prudence commanding that che fame throughout all our tomini⸗ 
e carried home, aud monte ong fhould be void, and of none effect : and chereupon did mite tothe Queene our liter touching 


Villiam Garret, and bis com un griefes, 

be deliuertdto their Agee Qnonotw her Highnes bath ſent onto vs againe, you her Ambalſado, with her louing letters, 

luſſes, both by ſbipwyche, un full minde, which we doe chankefullp receaueand are thereby fully fated. And lo that out 

he fame, theſe 19. pecresso pencely and ſerret affaires were not limiſded to our tontentation at our time appointed, accoꝛdiug 
ton pettation, we doe now leaue of all thoſe matters, and ſet them aſtde fop the time, becaufe 


0 
tre here in his Maitſtien (er our minde is nowe otherwiſe changed, but hereafter when octaſton thall moue vs to the like, 
to depart home into their nse ne will chen talke of thoſe matters againe. And for that it bath pleaſed the Queene, our 
requeſt is, accoyding tobe toning fitter , to ſende vnto vs at this prefent , and doeth deſire to continue in friendihippe 
aieſtie to permit, and ſuffte with bs for euer (which wee doe gratefully 54 and willingly agree to the fame) we of 
e libertie to depart. and goe an goodnes for her Dighnes ſake, will not one ly from henceforth put away, and forget 
„ which Mall come hereaks all our Difpleafure towardes the fame Dir William Garret, and his companie (as though they 
out anp let oꝛ Ray, pad neuer offended vs) but alſo will reſtoze them to their pꝛanledges, g liberties, in. and throughs 
ye time of my long being at du all our donunion s, and will ſigniſie the lame by our letters, in all townes and cities, where 
„J with my company, haut the fato merchants doe traſſikr, and we will ſhewe them fauour as afore time, if they deſerue not 
hanes there, by one Beffon thecontraty. And il the Quee ne our fiter bad not ſent ther Anthony vnto vs, at this pꝛeſent, God 
d fmitten my people, andew knotueth what we ſhould haue done to the laid merchants, o whether we would haue called backt 
o the lalde Beffone bath ho» out indignation, 
it may pleaſe bis Highnes Chen J humbly beſeethed his 
to ferch fooreh his cuil bebe the foto merthante· md che 
oz, and to punifh bim accop Quenes M aiettie 
letter of iuſtice, bp verue 
to the ſaide merchants, whereby 
mh Horwichſtandin vnderſtand 
William Garret, with his 
8. by litence of) Queens 
with comne into his Highaes 
then for any gaine: petthe 
n to (ell the ſaid toꝛne tothe 


p pleaſe his Pigbnes, toto 
nne, as in all other things, 
Dwyna , to ſufftr the fave 
at,o (mall, at their pleaim, 


aide, and our talke envedin 
meu. Che next dap, being 
b mepare my ſelſt to bt uche 


requeſts, ¢ will {end a Gentle 
v and of our goodnes wil giue 
aie 

commenDdatis 


e next dav. being the 1 
tate and one other of the Counſel 


enen 
by nome 
—— 4 fecrece meh 


— as un 
(although 2 


434. The voyages and difcoueries MA. e A nth, lenkinfon, 


fes,and complains, u 
fo? sdifpleafure , and chp 
(hall haue tuttice trulp miniſtred chpoug bout all bis Maieſtit s dominions delay. 

Totte ültch, his Maieltit doch not know of any debts due vnto the merchancs, by anpof 
bis Noblemen, as is alleaged: and whether it be crue op no, be knoweth not, the trueth when 
muſt be tried out, aud thercupon anſwere to be giuen: and bereaftcr his Maitſtie would not hene 
the merchants to trut bis ptople with too much, 

6 Torche ſirth it is anfwered, that his Maieſlie bath commanded {earch to be made, uhr 
money is owing to the merchants,fop wares tete aued into his treaſurie, as in the articit(the uu 
ol the bookes ol actompt being burnt in the Muskos) and ſuch as is due, aud founde mete to bet 
paide, (hall be paide fuorehwith to the merchants, their factors, opferuants, which Mall com 
loꝛtbe ſame. And le) paiment ol the reſt, his Maieſties further pleafure ſhall be fignificd har 
after. 

7 Tothe ſeuenth, his Maieſties anſ were is that letters ſhall be wzitten foouhbhith to bis 
Captaines of Aſtracan, and Caz an, and other bis officers, vyon the riuer Volga, to wome t iq 
pertaineth, not one ly to fuffer pour people, boch merchants, and mariners,to palle with ther fps, 
07 barkes, from Aftracan, ouer the Mare Caſpium, to fetehe Thomas Bauniſter, and Geonye 
Ducket, with their companie, and goods out of Perfia, but alſo when they (hall arriue within hi 
Maieſties dominions to apde, and alli them, and fee them ſale ly conducten vp the river Volga, 
from danger ol enemies. 5 

7 Cothe eight, bis Maieſtie bath commanded letters to be wutten to the Cullomert bethl 
Aſtracan, and Cazan,to make reſtitution to the Englih merchants of their grods fo dettindby 
them loꝝ cuſtome, and to take cuſtome for che ſame, actoꝛdiug to his Maieſties letters of priuũtogt. 

9 10 Tothe ninth and tenth articles, his M aieſtie will couſider of thoſe matters aut hei / 
ter will 2 pavers pleaſure i bia isiathe ideals ihe * 

11 eleueuth, as alt inuentope giuen into the treafurie, what 1 
chants had burnt in r houles thert, his Maieſnen pleafure was, — 
the ſame to the intent he might knowe the lolles of all ſtrangers at that prefent , but not tout 
rettitution, for that it was Gods dotug . and not che Cmperours, 

12 To the cwelfth, concerning Thomas Glouer his Maitſtit was enſoumed by his Ambuſſ⸗ 
do, ol the Qurenes great mertie and clemencie towards the ſaid Thomas, ſoꝭ bis fake, which bis 
Highnes receaucd in good part, but what agreement op dealings was betkixt the ſaid fir Will 
am Gatret, and his companie,and the ſaid Glouer m what be doth owe vnto the ſaide merchans, 
bis Maieſtie doth not know. And as for che money which the ſaide Thomas ſayth is owing un 
him by the Emperour, his Maieſties plealure is chat fo much as ſhall be found dur, and growing 
vpon wares delivered vnto the treaſurit. aut of che time ol his Maieſties diſpleaſurt, ſball be pa 
foonth with to the ſaide Thomas,and the telt is fopfeicen vnto his Maieſtie, and takru fop a ine, 1 
. Rutter, aud Bennet,accomtptedtraptors vnto his higbnes, during the time ofhis 
diſple te, 

13 Tothethirteenth article,concerning Rutter to be delivered buto pou,co be caried home se 
anſwere was that as bis Maleſtie will not betaine auy man in his Countrey that is wih 
ling to goe home, acconving to the Queenes requtſt: euen fo will he not force any to depatt, Oe 
is willing to tary with him. Pet bis Hi fatiffie che Queenes Maieſties requeſt. is tun 
ted at this pyelent, to lende the laide Ralfe Rutter home with pou, and hath commanved that ale 
ger ſhall be witten vnto his cheefe officer atthe Musko, to fend the ſaid utter away with fen, 
that be map ve with pou at Vologhda, hy the fine of Mape, without faile : and touching tberttel 
— — a 5 ſaid 3 Paietlies pleaſure ſball be fiqnified in the letters of puullengt, 
Granted to the faid mer . 

14 Tothe foureteenth, touching artificers , bis Maieſtie will accomplith all the Quran 

nes requeſt in that behalfe, and now at this prefent doch licence luch and fo maup tu diy 
tocheir natiue Countrey as are willing to goe. © 
15 


b. Tenkinfon, 


eclare vnto pou, 
M0} will not hettub 


re refine Chall eh 
nd com 
ipa, a 


b to be made, wha 
the articles(the mot 
founde mette to bet 
8, which Hall com 
all be ſigmiſicd here 


niſter, and Geotye 
ball arrive within hu 
vp the riuer Volga, 


be Cuftomers boch 
geods fo dettimd iy 
letters of puuũtdg. 


matt ers, aud hen 


what goods the mtr 
was, 2 


IA. Aub. len tinſon. of the Englith nation. 435 


15 ching Beſſon Mcfleriucy the Emperois maie ilie is much effend<d wich bum, 
wren bene onan poe oa itu uly eng 


again maieſtie as pou haue alle aged, as alſo againſt you, aud the mete 
— mentioned in the article. and the laid Beſſone — found guiltie, to bee 
impeioncd and bp ſeuert iuſtice accopdingly,and after to put in ſuetties co anſwet ʒ Cre 


bigb N els to be bought vp like a prifoner by the ſaid gentleman, to anfwere 
offences belope his mateſtit. And his bighnes doch tequeſt that the Queenes higbneſſe would 
per tpetthe bpon Middleton and Manlie her meſſengers (ene hither two petres paſt, and of all 
te ea g , lad bp b. bab bercaneyo arp l pperfn Gente ano tru 
5 ip 7 
Siluefter bp — be — 


betwirt . g 
bey Co the 16 and laſt article touching the come bꝛought into the Emperours dominions by 
, bis maieſtie doth greatly commend them fo? fo well doing, and hath commanded to 
gine pou a letter fothwiti in their behalke, directed ta his officers of Dwina, to ſuffer the ſald mer · 
chantota (ell tbeit copne by mealure great o ſmall at their pleaſurt without tuſtome. 
us J receiued a full anſwere from his maieſtie by his chicfe Secritarie and one other of his 
uumſtll to the 16. articles afope rehearfed,bp me exhibited in wꝛiting touching pour affaires, with 
bo latter allo ſent by me to the Queenes maieſtie. ( Ahich bemg done, J requeſted thatthe new 
letters of priviledge granted by his highnes vuto pou, might be foreh with diſpatched to the intent 
{might carie the fame with me. Allo J requeſted that ſuch money due to you, which it had pleafed 
ys maiettic to command to he paid, might be de liuered to me in pour bebalfe, 
the letters of niuiledge, the Mecretarie anfwered int. it is not polſtble pou can haue 
them with pou,fop they mutt be firſt wpiccen and ſhewed vuto the Emperour. and then tince to ber 
nn of one tenour according to pour requett, which cannot be done with Lich ſyred, fh chat bis 
waiefies pltaſure is, pou ſball depart this nigbe before him. wo remooueth him ſtift to moto 
towards Hou but without faite the laid letters (hall be diſpatehed vpon the wap, and ſent 
A yen with ſpetdto Colmogro. And as touching the mony which pou require. it cannot be paid 
bere becaufe we haue not the bookes of accounts : fo want whereof wee know not what to pate, 
wherefore the belt is that pou fend one of the merchaunts after the Empcrour to Nouogrode, and 
un repaire vnto mechere,and without faile J will pay all ſuch money as ſhall be appointed bp 
2 * be patev,after the bookes ſeene. 
But forafinuch an there was n int of pour ſtruaunts with mee at tbat prefent (although 2 
bemelly witten vnto pour Agent Nicholas Pꝛocto bp Richard Pingle cuc of pour owne 
Sruunts,one moneth before my comming to Starten, where J han my diſpatch, that he Houls 
pat faile co come himſel le. (end one of pour ſtruaunts to me hither, to follow all ſuch ſutes as J 
dab comunence in pour bebalfs, which he neglectedto doe to pour great hiuderance) J requir 
lache (aid Decretgrie that 7 might leaue Dantell my interpꝛeter with him, as well for the ree 
wit al money. as for the ſpeedie diſpatch of the letters of priuileoge, but it would not bee granted 
um niſe chat I ſbaild leaue any of mine otme companie behind mc, and thereupon J did cake 
i leaue with full diſpatch, and departed to my lodging, and ſooythwith there came vnto me a 
gratleman wo had charge as well co conduct me, and ppou ide boates, men, port hoꝛſes and victu · 
als (op me all the wap tothe Sea five, being a thouſand and tiger hundꝛed miles, as alſo to doe iu · 
ievofthe favd Beſſone, as alopeſayd. And he ſayd vnto me, the Emperouts pleaſure is, that vou 
Hail pretenelp vepart from hence, and J am appointed to goe with vou. And that night J depar· 
ted from the fapd Spcarites, being che fourteenth of May afopefapd. And palling a great part of 
ep, J artiurd at the citie of Glologda the lat of che ſayd May, where J remapned fue 
ps oh sea daa to bring vnto mee the new letters of piuiledge, as che cons 
ol Rutter. whom the maieſtie hanfelfe commmaunded before my fate. would be 
fiat onto me without faile, and I did fee the letters mitten to the chiefe officers at the Poſlo 
lathe lame. Niuertheleſſe the ſayd Rutter did not come, neither could J heare of him after, no 
haaw the ludden cauſe of bis ſtay contrarp to the princes out wonde and meaning, as J ſuppoſe. 
vu I couln not helpe the matter beyng farre fromthe prince, neither could Itell howto haue ree 
Welle, becauſe by abfence J could not tomplatne. Mot dit hitanding, J vſed all mp indeuour, and 
lat a mein get John Nofton one of your ſeruaunts from Uclogda to Houogrode, twhere the 
nunthen lay exmꝛeſſely with letters as well to aduertiſe his muieſdie that the ſayd Rutter was not 
larvndꝭ me acconding to his bigbneſſt cummaundement and onder, as alſo about the difpatch of 
Ge lad letters of pꝛiuledge and reteit of pour money, with ſtraight charge that he ſhould in any 
mar onto m2 againe beloht the Departing of the Chips. 


r. And 


436 he voyages and diſcoueries M. Auth. Fenlinſa 


Ano the Ark day of Junt J de patted from che (ato V ologda bp water cowards Col mogro hett 
FJ acrined the 21. of Zune aſcheſaid, and remained there vutill the 23. of Jule long fo ten 
Zobn sopton to baue returned vnto me in all tbat time. which bad refprce fully inough in har 
ſpate both to que to the tourt co diſpatch tis buſnie ſſe, and to haue returned againe vnto me, but lx 
came not,fo} it was otberwiſc determined before bis going. a8 A did after vnderſtand, ¢ can may 
ac large by woꝛd of mouth declare vnto pour wopflips,che occaflon thereof. 

Neuertheleſſe. I am well aſſured befope this cme pour Agent hath receiuedinto bis hands the 
lapd letters of priuilenges,and (hall haue diſpatch with expedition in all chings toaching vour af 
lairts. at to his maiefties graunt by me obtained, and as hee hath mitten to tbe Queers 
mateſtie at this melent, tithing that as now by my going the Emperour hath wirhmawen big 
grieuous diſpleaſure from you. and reſtoned you againe into his ſauour, fo pout Agent and ochers 
pour ſrruants there teſident map bebaue, and endeuour theniſelues to keepe g aug ment the fame, 
whoſt euill doings haue bene the one ly occaſion of his indignation now remitted, 


The names of ſuch countries as I Anthonie lenkinſon haue tra. 
N uelled ynto fromthe ſecond of October, 15 46. at which time I made my fitſt 
voiage out of England, vntill the yeere ofour Lord, 157 2. 
when I returned laſt out of Ruſſia. 


2 rt. I paſſed into Flanders. and trauelled though all the baſe countries, and 
<A By 22 krom theute tinough Oermanie, palling ouce che Alpes J trauellep into Italy 
no from ehence made my iowney though Wiemone into France, thnugbot 


ee all twhich realme J baue throughly iourneicn, 
i baue allo tmuelled thwugb the kingdoms of Spaine and }oxeingall, J 
: baue failed ttpough the Leuant ſeas tuery wap, and haue bene in all the chiefe 
Nanda within the fante lea, zs Rhodes, Malta, Witilia, C pres, andie and diuers others, 
J baue bene in many partes of Srecia, Morea, Achaia, and where the olde citie of Cor) 


D. 

baut cravellenchrough a great part of Turkic, Syria, and diuers other countreys in Ala 
minor. 

J haue paſſed ouer the mountaines of L ibanus to Damaſco, and traue lled through Bam, 
Galile, Pbiliſtine and Paleſtine, vnto Jeruſalem. and ſo though all the holy lann. 
. ape Ditters places of Africa, as Algiers, Cola, Bona, Tripolis, the Gollet wichin 

e o is. 

J baue ſailed farre Noythward uit hin the Mare glaciale, where wer haue had continuall dap, 
and fight of the Sunne ten weekes together, and that nauigation was in Moztwap, Lapland, Sa 
magotia, and other very ſtrange plates. 

I baue trauelled thnotigh all che anple dominions of the Emperour of Nuſſia and Wofcouia, 
we extende from the Noth fea, and the confines of Noꝛwap, and Lapland, euen to the Mare 

aipium. 

baue bene in diuers countries neere about the Caſpian fea, Geutiles, and Mahometans, , 
Caran, Cremia, Rezan, Cheremiſi, Mordouiti, Vachin, Nagaia, with diuers others of ſtrange tu 
ſtomes and religions. 

J baue ſailed ouer the Cafpian ſea, and difcoucred all the regions thereabout adiacent as Chu. 
cafli,Comul, Shaſcall, Shiruan, wich many others. 

A baue trauelled 40. daies iourney beyond the ſaid ſea, towards the Ozientall India, and Ca- 
thaia, though diuers deſerts and wilderneſſes, and paſſed though . kingdomes of the Tarte. 
and all the land ol Turkeman and Jagatay, aud ſo to the great citicof Bog har in Bactria not with: 
out great perils and dangers ſundyy times. 

After all this, in An. 1562, J palled again ouer the Cafpian fea another way, and landed in r 
menia, at a citie called Derbent, built by Alexander the great, aud from thence trauelled though 
Media, Parthia, Hircania. into Prtſia to the court of the great Sophie called Shaw Tamaſſo, but 
whom J deliuered letters from the Queenes mateftie and remayned in his court 8. moneths, and 
returning home ward, paſſed though diners other countte ys. Finally F made two voyages mo 
after that out ol England into Ruiſia, the one inthe peert 1566. and the other in the peree 1571. 
And thus being wearie and growing old. I am content to take my tell in mine otune houfe, chief 
ly comtfonting my felfe, in that my ſeruite bach bene handurabip accepted and retwarded of berms 
ieſtie and the re by whom J haue bene enploied. 8 oa 


1 


uer cowards Colmopro 
—— 
relpite fully inough in th 
aor 
can aye 


lenkinſon haue tra. 


i time I made my firft 
ord, 1572, 


ugh all the baſe countries, am 
e Alpes J trauelled into Ftaly, 
mont into France, thwugbom 


zol Spaine and Poxtgall, J 
and haue bene in all the churlt 
Panbie, and diuers others, 
phere the olde citie of Corinth 


diners other countreys in Ala 
nD travelled 

2 cd Damm, 
, Cripolis, the Gollet within 


e wet haue had continuall day, 
nas in Norway, Lapland, Se 


erour of Nuſſia and Moſtoula, 
and Lapland, euen to the Mare 


zeutiles, and Mahometans, as 
with diuers others of ſlrange tu 


1s thereabout adiacent as Chu. 


the Ozientall India, and Co- 
5. kingdomes of the Cartan, 
of Bog har in Bactria not with 


another way, and landed in Ae 
from thence trauelled though 
ie called Shaw Tamaſſo, ute 
ed in his court 8. moneths, and 
ally J made two voyages mor 

other in the peree 157t. 
teft in mine otune houfe, chiel 
cepted and retarded of erm 


The 


and directed in the courfe of killing the Whale, as followeth. Anno 1575. 


I pray you pleafure me in getting me — information of the 
matter hereunder {pecified, 


©) the promiton anv furn gure fy a hip of 200 unix, co catch che whole uh in 
Ruflla palling from C 


g 
w manp men to furnith che thip. 
manp her men Cla co catch che Llbel; v bm mam ocher officers, 


and Coopers, 
° pots many 2 
Uhr wages of fuch Chilfull men and other officers ns we 

Hotw manp barping trons,{peares, copdes ares, kines, and other ts fo) the 
Aub 


dow manp hertles,che greatneſſe abe r ene bet 
Brn ar eat brand ber g of the crane dil. and others, 
quate cathe ano what oct, ab wht muner o Popes antun 
thereofto be ſtaued fo) . 
12 Uu quanitie of viceunls,¢ what hind of birtuals len che men in all p cp top 4. month time, 
wit yng poner mariners andofficers to gouerne the ſlup. we Tall not neede any out of BiG 
1 eee eee and one Cooper 
5 
Fee eee eee eee catch che 
Mule, not here noted nop remembꝛed. 


Theſe requeſts were thus anſwered, which may ſerue as dire. 
Qions for all ſuch as ſhall intend the fame voyage, orthelike torthe Whale, 


A proportion ee the Jetting foorth Ma fhip of 200. tunne, 
for the killing ofthe Whale. 
ttt be 55, — fo; Wardhouſe in the moneth of 
abn eta rec ner 


6. bogſbeds of bicfe, 
10, quarters of fale, 
1 28 pound of candles. 

8. quarters ot beanes and peaſt. 
Balt —＋ 3 quancicie canurnient. 


111 gu of ot tere ſerd, aud a querne. 
e. 
“fie ie ſhaken hogtheds, 
2 — 
0 
10, . called ropes fo; harping irons. 
10, pieces of Arpopieras, 
3. pieces of Baibens fo the Jauelings final, 
2, tackles to turne the MAhales. 
F i ala epg 
1 — Jaue lings. 
mall a 
70 


6 — cube UtXbale witha. 
2, boogen of machetos to minch the LIthale. 
2. great hookes to turne the Sityate. N 
Rt. 2, 3. pairs 


— —— — . el 
Whalokilling. of che Engliſh nation. 437 
ee „%% — ear 
The requeft of an honeft merchant to a friend of his, to be aduiſed 


0 ö 0 — 
9 The voyages and difcoueries AA. Wil.Burvough, 
⅛ß! — —.:... w èê? ½ ;. —f . ——6 


A note of certaine other neceſſarie things belonging to the 
Whalefithing,seceiued of maſter W. Burrough, 
af aber pullies fo tackle fop che Thale. 


+ =. 


—— 
. great and long im chem that ſhall cut the Ilale. 
8, calue Ching to make mti bacbecans, 
The depoſition of M. William Burrough to certaine Interro. 
3 — — pape to whatking or, 
prince they doe appertaine and are ſubiect, made the 23. oſ lune, 1576. 
Thefe articles feeme to haue bene miniſtred vpon the quarell betwene 
Alderman Bond the elder, and the Mofcouie companie, tor his trade 
to che Narue without theit conſent. 


Ira, whether the villages o totones bulgarely called the Narue,Kegor,Pechine 
gam and Cola, am che pontes of the fame towne, ag well at the came of the grant 
ol the letters of pri bythe Cmperour to our merchant tas alfo in the dem 
ofour Lb, 1 66,1567 Me an e thd AML LL do 
1575. pe and (upter(o 
the mi prince the E . the layd Emperor of 

of che (ayo places, 


D 
tie 
iet 
the 
th 
2 
the 
(a 
of 
* 
E 
lt 
te 
N 
K 


Or, 

of the laid (ashe 

orp fubiectto Ten 
‘as prefentl 

Wins ce ere 


Gall benecdfull, 


fue men to Srike 


belongiag to th 
bes ging to che 


il an the NAtale. 


o certaine Interro. 
r, dec. to what king or, 
23. oſ lune, 1576, 


the quarell betwene 


mie, tor his trade 


b the Narue,Kegor,Pechine 
ell cthe iti gaa 
merchant tas alto in the pers 


71,1372, 1573, 1574, am 
the mrboirice, dun en 


ati ella . 


paces une tribute op head pence, twhich the Caio Lappen haue 
wallinglp giuen to men fauour ofthe (aid prince, ann ta line quietly bp bis ſubicctu, the people of 
Finmarke which bopder vpon their countrep, mhereol Wardhouſe ig the trongrt hold o bopbereth 
nut vutot hem. Pe bath alfo heard chat in che time of peace berweme the (aid Cmpero of Ruſũa, 
of weren, there was pecrelp fo2 the king of Sweden one op more that came into 
Leppia vuto divers places, in maner asthe king of Denmathes feruaumt. vfechce dor and did de: 
manent hem (ome tia 6) dutie which they willingly paid i but fince the late wars betwerne 
Deven, he bath not beard ok any thing that hath bin palo by them 
tothe hing of Sweden: ſuch is the ſumplicitie of chis people the Lappies, that they would rather 
pve ribute to all chofe that boyber vpon their countrep,chen by denping it baue their ill wiln. 
vurthe truth is as this Deponent ſatt h, that the ſaid mightte prince the Cmperour of Nulli is 
the chiefe Lop and gourrnour of the ato countrep of Lappia,his lawes and opdery are obſrrued by 
them he takes toll and cuſtome ¢c.ofthens. They are inũdels but if any of them become chutians, 
tis alter the Rulle law. If there happen any controucrfle betweene thole people, ſuch as cannot 
be ended amongſt themſelues, o by the Emperours deputies in that countrey, they repaireto the 
Molto as their hig belt court. x there haue it enden. Berlweene the place fpccifics Kegop, the cons 


(neg of Fiamarke afqheſaid in Lappia, is the monaſtetie Pechingam, which are monkes, and vſe N 


dhe ul law the chiefe on head of that abbey is alwaie s appainted by the clergie in Molo. 
Alo in the peere ol our Lond. 1557. the ſud Deponent was at the place Rego, in the moneth 
— 29. day being S. Peters day at which time was a great 
the Rufles 


Mamons, all which places he doth know fo} certaine that they were farmed out to the ſulieces ol 

theluid Emperour, and he the ſaid Emperour receiued peerelp the rent lo them. And further he 

luih chat it bath bene further credibly reported vnto hen, that there is not any ſuch riuer oz crerke 

offreth water which falleth out of the ſuid countrep of Lappia into the ſea, betweene the faid abbep 

Pechingam, and the bate of BH, Nicholas, but thep are all and euery ol them farmed out, and the 
reteiurth the rent for them. 


dem, wherber as well befoꝛe. as allo within the memopp of men, till the time ofthe grant ol the The (echo Ins 


lud letters patents any of the Engliſh merchants ( ſauing the merchants ol the {ard ſotietie) Cabs 
lat ol this realnie of commonly exerciſed op frequented buſme 0} trade in the fait 
age totones called the Narue, Rego. pechingam v Cola, oꝛ in any of them, 0} in aup ports 
nterritones of the ſatd Emperour of Ruſlia. 
Tothis Interrogatopietbe Deponent 
e tommoulp txettiſe, neither frequent oꝝ eruve to any 
places called the Narue, Kegon, pechingam oz Cola, o to any of them. 


Certaine reaſons to diffwade the vſe of a trade to the Narue 
aforefayd,by way through Sweden, 


e merchandiſe of the Narue are groſſe nares, viz flare nempe ware tallow ¢ hides, 
Che trakique at that place ſtandeth vpon the agreement and liking ofthe Eimperour 
of Ruſſia, with the kine of Sweden: fon all thele meechandises that are bought chither 
come from ſpleſtoue, Nouogrode, and other pares nf the Emperours dominiontz. 
Foy tranſpoꝛting thoſe merchandises from Narue to Stockholm, oꝭ what other place ſball bee 
loge couentent in d wedẽ it mutt be in vettels ol chole cles whe wil be of (mat loge — 
r. 3. 


anſuereth, that the ſubiects ol this Real ne befina 5 3 


4 
440 The voyages and diſcoueries Chriftopb. Burroyph, 
—— —— — —— 
Sterbooters . anp other that hall make quatt il o offer veolence againſi them. 

Ciben che goods are brought into weden. chey mut be biſchartzer, and new laden into (nat 
F eee 

ewies. 

So — the opdinarie charges for cranfpopting of goods fror Narue to Newles by way a 
laid, befives the by fo often lading and vnlading, caciage by land, and the dangers of the 
ſeas, pirnti. t. will be ſuch as uuhen it thal be fo bꝛouglt to Ne les, it will be as dear ta the men 
chants in that place as it (hall be wach to be ſold in London, wherefoze the trade that wapes can 
not be pofttable to aur nation. 

Mopeouer, den the goods thall be in Newles, it map bee thought doubeful to hing t thence 
quietiy without déflching 0p ſmcible refitance of tbe king of Denmarke, foratmuch as be makerh 
quarell,and alleagech damage vnto him in his tolles of the Sound bp our trade to W. Nichols, 
bow much moze will he now doe bp this wap, and with bo w much greater adunntage map be pen 
forme ics Che danger that map grow in our trade to Ruſſia by wap of S. Nicholas, thwugb the 
r conceive by our trade withthe Sweden to Narue, is ade 

con 


A remembrance of aduiſe giuen to the merchants, touching 
a voyage for Cola aboueſayd. 1 5 78, 
bere as pou require my counſell after what onberthe voyage for Cola is to be fet forth, 
FYanfwere that I know no better way then hath bene heretolhe vſed, which és after 
smaner, Firſt of all we haut hired the ſhip by the great, giuing fo much fop the wea 
ring ol the tackle and the bull of the ſbip . as the hip map be in bigneſſe: as if ſhe be abo 
the burden of 100. tunnes we pay do. pound and fo alter that rate: and thereunto we doe Hictuall 
the (hip our ſelues, and do lip all our men our ſelues ſbipping no moze mé, nop giuing them moye 
wages chen we ſhould doe if they went of a merchants voyage. forit hath bene a great helpe to our 
voiage hitherto, to haue our men to fith with one boate, vs no more charges theuit houln 
do, if our men ſbould lie ¢ doe nothing ſauing the charges of ſalt, x oflines, which is treble pad 
againe. Fon this lat ptere paſt our men killed with one boat betwwixt g. and 10. chouſand lh 
pteldevto vs in monp with the oile that came of it, about 1 5.07 16. ſcohe pounds, which is a great 
belpe to a voyage. And beflves all this our (hip did cake in fo much oile and other commodities a¢ 
we beftowed 100, whole clothes in. But becaule, as I do ſuppoſt, it is not the vſe of London to 
take fips to fraigbt after that oꝛder before pyeſcribed, neither I thinke that the mariners wil tut 
ſuch paines as our men will: Therelope my counfell is, if por thinke good, to freight ſome thip of 
bull or Newtallle, for I am ſure that pou may haue ‘hem better cheape to freight, then bere at 
London. Beſide s allthis one may haue ſuch men as uwil take paines for their merchaunts, And 
furthermore when it (hall ple aſe God that che Hip thal returne to come to diſcharge at Hull, which 
will be the moſt for pour ppofite fo, the ſales of all ſuch like commodttie as comes from that place, 
as lo fith,otle,¢ Salmon chiellp he p will (eke a better market fo; the fales then at Hull, be mul 
ſeeke it out of England, foꝛ the like is not in England. This is the beſt waythat can deuiſt, and 
mott for pour pꝛolite. and if you will,. I will alfo fet you do wne all the commodities that are nett 
ſary forfuch a volage, and which way alfo that the Holianvers may within two oz chee peeresbe 
forced to leaue of the trade of Cola map eafilie be done. Fon if my abilitie were to my will. 
would vfe 3 fo that they Could either leaue of the trade, oz els carp light ſhips with them 
home againe. 


Aduertiſements and reports of the 6. voyage into the partes of Pet 
ſia and Media, fot the company of Englith merchants for the difcouerie of new trades, 
in the yeeres 1579. 1580, and 158 f. gathered out of ſundty letters written by Chrifto- 
pher Burrough feruant to the faid company, & ſent to his vukle Vi. William Burrcaigh. 


ich Trt it is to be vnderſtood that the (hips for the voiage to M. Miclolas in Nuſſia in which 
os} Or atthe factors ¢ merchandiſe fop the erſian boiage were tranſpozted, departed frd Graue 
end che 19.0f June, 15 7 9. which arriued at S. Nicholas in Nullia. che 22. U July, 
inhere the factors and merchants landed, and the merchandise were diſcharged and le 
den into dolhnikes, that is. barken of the couu rey, to be cacied from thente vp by riuer vnto Vo 
logda. And the ſiue and twentie day of the ſiyde Julie, the Dothenthes departed from Rok 
55 by Paint Nicholas vp che Riuer D wing, Peremene, that is to fap, poſte by cum 
nuall ſapling, rowing, letting with poles, 0 Dating of men, which came to = 


„ ee oe oh el hl ae eo ee hUrm— Se se - 


s=_- a f= = 


ppb. Beg. 
gainũ chem, 


reed ud new laden into fal, 
gaint to bee vnladen and trang 


ue to Newles by way as i 
land, and the bangers of the 
it will be as deare to the men 
ope the trade that wapes tm 


xreater adunntage may be yen 
vof O. Nicholas, thwugb the 
Sweden to Narue, is alloto 


rchants, touching 
8 


age for Cola is to be ſet ſonh, 
tretolohe vſed, which ts after 
at, giuing fo much fo the wea, 
be in bignelſt: as if fhe be abou 
and thereunto we doe hictuall 
ode ME, nop giuing them moe 
‘hath bene a great helpe to our 
no moze charges thanit foul 
oflines, which istreble paid 

toad rogboutn sui 
{cope pounds, which is a great 
pile and other commoditits 16 
e, it is not the vſe of London te 
nne that the mariners will cake 
he good, to freight ſome ſhip of 
theape to freight, then bere a 
hes for their merchaunts, And 
eme to diſcharge at Hull, wich 
pditie as comes from that place, 
the fales then at Hull, be mul 
beſt waythat J can deuiſt, and 
he commodities that are nett 
y within two 07 thyee peeresbe 
my abilitie were to my will. 
h els carp light hips with them 


nto the partes of Pets 
the difcouerie of new trades, 
Hry letters written by Chrifto- 
vokle VI. William Burtcugb. 
D. Nitlolas in Nuſſia in which 

mnfvorten, departed frõ Grauel 
ola s in Rullia. che 22.01 Julp, 
andize were diſcharged and le 

thence vp by riuer vnto Vo 
olbentken departed from Role 
hat is to fap, poſte by conte 
„which came to 9 


2 
Cbriftoph. Burrougb. of the Englith nation. 44¹ 


——— Eß— — 
departed thence the 29 dayof Julie vp the ſayd riuer D wina, and tame to Vityou 
uad bead ofthe vine Dwita, aad of Sughano) the 9 of Augutt, where chep 
but afmall time, ſome victualles, and certaine ol theyꝛ caſſacks oz barke: 
nen, and lo departed chence che fame dap vg the muer Sughano, and came to Lotma, (twhichis 
qounted omersbac moge then halle che way from Vitioug) the 15 dap, where they thefted fomnc of 
teen colts, and departed chence the fame day, and came to the citie Vologdathe 19 of Auguſt, 
they landed they) goods, and Raped at that place till the 30 ofthe fame. Waning pꝛcuded 
a Vologda, Telegas, our wagons, thereupon they laded ther: goods, they departed thence wth 
Ste iy (end eatoards Yeraflaue the ſayd 30 of Augutt, at eight ofthe clocke in the moming, peraſuue. 
anncame to the Catt fide of the riuce Volga auer againſt V eraſſaue, with 25 Tele gas laden with 
the (ain goods the ſeuenthol September at fine ol the clocke afternoone. Chen the ther troogs 
nur podivedto tranſpont the (aid goods to Aſtracan (where they ſhould meet the ſlippe that 
thould carrie che fame from chence into Perfia) came ouer from Veraſſaue vnto the fame five of the 
man Volga, andthere tooke in the ſaid goods. And hauing prepared the ſaid barks rravy with all 
— — they departed with them from Veraſlaue downe the riuer Volga, on the 14 
pol September at nine ol che clocke in the moming, andthey arriued at Ni/ nouogrod, the 17 
ap at ther ofthe clocke afternoone, where they fhewed che Cmperours letters to palle free with · 
outpaping any cuſtome, and tarryedt here about thꝛet houres to pꝛouide neteſſaries, and then de⸗ 
artiued at Caz an (02 nette the fame to wne) on the 22 of September at fie of the clocke 
afternoon, where (thꝛough contrarp windes, and foꝛ pꝛouiding ne w caffaks in the places of ſome 
chuthere went from them) they temaynad till the 26 day, at what time they departed thence as 
houttwwo of che clocke after noone, and arriued at Tetufhagorod, which is on the Crim five of 
Volga, and in latitude 55 Degrees 22 minute the 28 day at ten in foꝛenoone, where they auke⸗ 
rep, nd remained about thyee houres, and departing chence came to Oueal, which is on the Crims 
Gioe (on the Meſterne fide ol Volga) the liſt of October about fiue of the clocke in the moꝛning. 
Chis place is accounted halſe the way betweene Caran, and Aſtracan: and heere there groweth 2 1 
ftoye of Licopas : the foile is verp fruitfull: they found there apple trees, and cherrie trees. 
Grladkune of Oueake ig $I Degreeszominuts . At this plate had beene avery faype None cas 
le called bp che name Oucake, gadtopning to the fame was a towne called by Rules, Sodom: 
this towne ¢ part of the catle(bp report ol the Nuſſeg) was ſwallowed into che earth by the iuttice 
of God, forthe wickennefle of the people that inhabited the fame, There remainet h at this day to 
be ſtene a part of the ruines ol the caſtle, and certain tomb g, wherein as it ſeemeth haue beene laid 
noble perſonages: lo pon a tombe fone mighe be perceiued the ſoꝛme of a hoyſe and a man fits 
tingon it witha bowe in his hand, aud arrowes girt to his ſide: there was a piece of a ſtutchion al 
ſo bpon one ol the tones, which had characters grauen on it, whereok ſome part had beene confu- 
mid wichthe weather, and the reſt left vnyerfect: but by the konne of them that remained, we iud⸗ 
4 characters of Armenia: andother characters were grauen alſo vpon another tombe 
Nom they departed ſrom Oucake the ſaid fift o Octaber, at ſiue of the clocke after noone, 
in tame to Perauoloke, the 10 day about eleucn op twelue of the clocke at night, making no a: 
bode at that place, but pafled alongit by it. This wopd Perauoloke in the Rule tongue, doth fir: 
nifiea natrow itraight op necke of land, bet weene two waters, and it is fo called by them, becauſe 
fromthe river Volga, at that place to the riuer Don, o; Tanais, is counted thirtie verſis oꝝ ag much 
agaman may well trauell on foot in one day. And ſeuen verſts beneath, vpon an J ſland called 
Ilxitſna, the Emperour of | \uflia hath fiftie gunners all the ſummer time to keepe watch, called 
bythe Tartar name Carawool . Betweene this place and Aſtracan axt fine other Cara w ools oꝛ 


watches, 

1 Thefirlisuamed-Kamenie Carawool,and is diſtant from Perauoloke 120 verfts. . 

+ The ſetond named Stupino Catawool, diſtant from the firtt 50 verits. 

The third called Polooy Carawool,i¢ 1 20 berſts diſtant from the fecand. 

The fourth named Keezeyur Carawool,i¢ 50 vexſts deſtant from the third. 

The fift unmed Ichkeebre, is 30 berſis diſtant from the fourth, and from Ichkebre to Aſtra- 
canis ;o verſts. 

Che 16of October they arrtued at Aſtrac an with them tinee ttroogs in ſafetie about nine ol xMracan 
the locke in the moꝛmung. where they found the ſhippe prourven fo the Perſia noyage in good oder 
andreadinelle Che 7 day the foure principall factorsef che company, Arthur Cards. lilli „t Gar- 
am Turnbull, Matthew Talboyg, and eter Garrard, were inuited to tune uch che chife siake op care. 
fecretarte of Aſtracan ( Vaſihe Pheodooruich Shelepin) who declared then vnto them the trou: 

Bes that mere in Media and Perla and how the Turke with helpe of the Cruns had conquered, 
and 


“Gia The voyagesand dilcoueries Chriflopb,Burrugh 


— —— F 

8 —— — 

Ges wet tape fs em Lo artet een ig ap Caos wenn ar 

Foe at Witras * . there was a qreattrot, and much ice inthe 

— . 20 of Roucusber the ict Bod in the tiuer, and ſo continued vigil Ca 
The 220 December depatt ed this life Jobu Moone the gun 


proctering from the Mouth and Nohth end thereol. 

Che lit ol Fanuary being Twelfe day (whichehep call Chreſhenia) the Nullen ol Aſhacan 
brake abole in the ice vpon che riuer Volga, aud hallowed the water with great ſolenmup accop 
ding to the maner of theyn countrey, at which time all the fouldions of the coume (hore off they) 
lmall pieces vpon the ice, and like wiſe to gratiſie the taptaine of the caſlle being a Duke, whole 
name is Pheodore Michalouich Troiocouria, who Mood hard by the thippe, beholding ihm 
ag they were on the tiuer, was (hot off all the opdinance of our (hippe being fifteene pieces, viz, 
two laulcons, two faulconets, foure folwlers,fourc fowler s chambers, and the other finalt pies 
eee ſhoot hailefones, and afterwards che great owinante of the cattle was 


ſhot 

On the 31 of January there happened a great eclipſe of the moone, which began about twelue 
ol thet lockt at nigbt, and continue d before fhe was cleare an houre and a halſe by cftimation,which 
ende dtße firtt ol Febduary about halle an houre patt onc in the mowing + fe was wholly durlencd 
by che {pace ol halle an houre. a 

Che 260 the to wne ol Nagay Tartars called the Vourt, which is within thyet quan 
ters of a mile of the caſtlt of Altrac an, by calualtie was ſet on lire about ten of the clocke at ight, 
continued burniug till mi „ whereby one halfe of it was burnt, and much cattell veftropen, 
The Nagayes that inbabit that towne, are the Emperour of Ruſſia his vaſſils: Fe is ſuppolto 
there are of chem inhabiting that place, of men, women, and childen, che number of feu thow 
fand. That the Allarum twas nude in the cattle and cotone of Altracan, The caprane 
thereof had all his ſouldioꝛs in very good opder, and teadineſſe, being of them in number ttwo thou 
fand gunners, and caflaks,that is to ſay, a thouſand gunners, which are accounted mecre fouls 
ours, and art not put to anp other ſeruice then the vſe ol they pieces, watch, at. as fouldions which 
alwayes keepe the caſtle, aud the callaks allo ving they pieces, do heepe the towne, and art cum · 
monty fet to all knde of laboꝛs. 

Che ſeuenth of Parch 1580, the Nagayes and Crims came befrpe Aſtrac an to the number of 
one thoufandfoure hundꝛed hoꝛſemeu, which incamped round about, but the neerett of them wert 
two Rule verits and a halfe off from the caſtle and toune: Come of them lay on the Crims fineof 
Volga, and fome on the Nagay five, but none of them came ppon the Illand that Aſtracan daw 

Mmacan deus beth on. It was (apd chat two of the puuce of the Crims his ſunnes were amongſt them. They 

Ang. ſent a meſſenger on che eight day ta the captaine of Allrac an, to fiqnifie that they would conte ad 
vilit him: who anfwered, he was ready to reteiue them: and taking a great ſbatte op bullet in is 
band, wille d the meſſtuger to tell them that they ſhould not want of that geare, ſo long as it would 
lat, Che ninth day neues was booug ht that the Crims determine d to alſault che todone on callie, 
and were making of faggots of reede, to hing “with them for that purpoſe. The teuth dap to 
Rufles that were captives, and tio of the E axtars bondmen ranne away from the Na gayes, and 
came into Aſtracan . Che fame dap wond was lnought to the duke ol two Nagayes, which wert, 
feeue at Goſtine houfe, ſuppoſed to be ſpies, but were gone againe from thence befopechep were 
luſpected. This Goſtine houfe is a place a little without the tonne where the W iliks (0) Perſan 
merchants) do vſually remaine with cher merchandise, The 11 day the ſayn Magayes, and one 
mone withthem, came agayne to that houſe eartly in the moming, where theo were taken by the 
Rufles, and thoughe to the captayne ol the cattle, and being examined. evafellen that them com 
ming mas onely to lecke twa of they hondmen that were runne from them: whertupon then 
lan hmen were deliueren to t hem: which fauoz the ſayn caytaine cammonly eweth il they be aot 
Katies, ang they werr ſet at liberty. The 1; day they bzake vp chery tamps. nd marched sy the 

am kortation joe Hwards into the countrep of Nagay. 

2 te“ The 17 of Ayu che variation of the compalk obferued in Altracau twas 13 beg. 4 min. From 

e nch co C Ulett, Ty ſpung there came nt ua to Altacanthat p queene of Perſiualibe kung 1 


Anno 1580, 


Ssang asses San 


rifloph.Burrough, 


ee 
bat wunter was at hand an 

Rrapnedto take wae basang 
lh bache again to that place 
1 determintdto Map them ay 


teat fro, and much ite in the 
r, and ſo continued dig Ca 


—— at. there appearen 
ni 

D Mop end chereof, 
tired the pony: Aftracan 
er with great folemnirp 

of che toume (hore off — 
the callle being a Duke, whole 
p the Chippe, beholoing ihm 
pe being fifteene pieces, viz, 
ers, and chee other finall pies 
eat odinante of the cattle wag 


ne, which began about twelue 
md a halſe bp tſtimation, uluch 
ing iſhe was wholly darkeney 


urt, which is within thyet quar 
out ten of the clocke at night, 
it, and much cattell veftropen, 
fia his vaſlils: Fe is ſuppoled 
nen, the number of ſeuen thou 
e of Altracan, The capane 
¢ of them in number two thous 
ch are accounted mecre ſouln 
» watch, at. as ſouldios wlich 
ate pe the to wne, and art cum 


ve Aſtracan to the numberof 
t, but the neerett of them were 
them lay on the Crims ſid i 
the Illand that Aftracan tay 
were amongſt chem, The 
fie that they would con an 
ga great ſbotte op bullet in bis 
chat ge are, ſo long as it would 
dto alſault the towont op callle, 
purpoſe. The teuch day tuo 
away from the Na gayes, an 
ol two Nagayes, which wert 
from thence befopechep wert 
where the VW iliks (0) Perſlan 
bap the ſayn Magayes, and ong 
where theo were taken by the 
ined, erafellen chat cher com 
from them: whereupon then 
ommonly deweth il they be nat 
en tamps, und marcheots she 


cau was 13 beg. 40 min. from 
cone of Perſua( the hing bet 
0 


— 


Coriftop.Burrough. ot the Englifh nation. 43 


lune) had beene with a great armie again che Curks that were left to polleſſe Media, and had 


Ee Caras . Ex eqs tbe nge eg bpen ther ates, 
aad 5 . ators companp vpon their afſaynes, 
— ote Saye —— — Ome an — — — with od 
the fatto) s proceed on ed voyage ro the coaſt o 
an be done there, where il they could not finde fafe traffikte, they determined 
copocecd to the coatt o Gillan, which is an Alland in the Cafpian fea bopdering vpon Perfia: and 
tppointed the ſald goods to be laden absond the ſlipxe, and cooke into her alſo ſome mer 

of Tifiks 0} Perfian merchants, 
Che 2908 Amos Niall, and Anthony Marth, the companies ſeruant s tere fent from 
Aftracan by the laid facrops, vp the riuer Volga to Veraſlaue, wich letters of aduiſe to be ent for 
and had onder ieh ſtaying che goods in Ruſſia chat ſhould come that peere out of Eng · 
land fo} mainecining the trade purpoſed fo Perſia, vntill further trull were made what migbt be 


pone inctofe parts. 

Chelirk dap ol Pap in the moxung, hauingthe ſhuppe in readmeſſe to depart, the faceops imu 
eroehe duke Phe odore Micalouich Proiocoorow, and the principal ſerretary Valilie Pheodo- 
rouich Shelepin, with other of the chiefeſt about the duke to a banket aboond che ftp, where chey 
vert lurertrnied to theyꝛ good liking, and at they departure was (hot off all che opvinance of the 
thip, and abort nine or the clocke at night the fame i weyed anker, and departed with chem 

from Aſtrac an, and being but little winde, to wed her wich the boat about three verits,and then 
wing with them a pauos 0} 8 helpe them at the flats. The fecond day at foute of 

theclocke in the moꝛning they meyed ¢ plyed downe the riuer Volga towardthe Cafpian fea, Che 
ſuenth ol Pay in the mouung they patie by a tree that ſtandeth on the left hand of the riuer as 
they went Dotune which is called Mahomet Agatcho ahomets trte. and about tine berits fur: 
ther, that is to fap, to the Douthwat ds of che laid tree in a place called Vc hoog, that is to fap, che 
Rule weare: (but Ochoog is the name of weare in the Cartar congue) where are certuine tota · 
anvebe E mperour hath lying at that place certaine gunners to gard his fithermen that keepe 

went. This Vchoog is counted from Aſtracan 60 betta i they proceeded downe the ſaid ti · 
ur without ſtaying at the Vchoog. Che nineh and tenth they met with fhoald water, and 
were foycedto they; fhippe bp che pauos : the 1 1 day they ſent backe co the Vchoog fo; an 
icht pauos: Chis dap bp mifchance the was bilged on the grapnell of the pauos, tujercbp 
decompany had ſut uned great loffes, tf the chiefett part of they gvodes had not beene layd into 
the pauostfin notwithſtanding they pumping with cher pomps heauing out water vuth bucktts, 
and all the be it ſtuſts they could make , che ſhippe wa halfe full of water ere the lenke could be 
land and opt. The 1 2 day the pauos came to them fromebe Vchoog, whereby they lighted the 
fhippe or all the goods. Che 13 dap in the maming there came to them a ſmall boat, ſent by the 


une of Aſtracen, to learne whether che hippe were at fea cicere offthe flares, Che 15 day by gow. 


indultrie and trauell they got theyn {bippe cleare off che (hoates and flats, where with chey had 
— troubled from the ninth dap vntill then : they were fo er dto paſſe chepp ſhippe in tiner foot 
nutte m leſle. Che 16 day they tame to the Chetera Bow geri, op Iſland of Foure Hillocks, 


wich are Tcuuntted toztie ver fe from Vchoog, and are the land tau wacds the fea. Che 17 Toe alpian 
uythey bare off into the ſya, and being about tur lue verſis from the Foure hillocks, riding in ue 


foot and a halfe water about eleuen of the clocke in the N they) ree the 
pauoles fuga the thippe, and filles ehern ippe with all things neceflarp, Che 18 day in the mon · 
ung about ſeuen of the clocke, che pauoſes being viftharged, departed away toward Aſtracan, the 
dude then at Southealt, they road Hill with the ſhtppe, and obferuing the eleuattun of the pole at 


that place, found it to be 45 degrees 20 minuts. The 19 day the winde Moutheaſt chep road Mill, 45 vegrees 10 
Che ꝛ0c dav the winde at Horhwett they (ct ſule about one of the clocke in the mozning, and fe: Er beg ca- 
teothence South by CNet, and Southſduthweſt, e aut tinet lengurn, and then ankercd in ſixe and eruation m 
Fh — ary of rhe clocke befdʒe noon ot which time te fell calme : the etewation ofthe 1 <A" 


at thar — 45 degrees 13 miuntg. The 21 hauing the winde at Moreh wel, they ſet ſuile, 
and fered thence South by ELiett, and South vutill eleuen ofthe clocke, and had chen nine foote 
wate: and at noone they obftruch the latitude, and found it to be 4.4 deqrtes 47 minuts: chen had 
ther thut e fachoms and a halke water, being cleare offehe fate , It ix rountevtrom the F cure hil 
techoto the fea about liftie verſts, Prom the ſaid noone tide vntill foure or ti clocke 2 — 


South dy Can uc leagues and a halle: then had they Aue fatbonns ald a halle ans tachi wa · na wae 
ter: from that sill twelüe at nighe they ſapled South by att halt a league Galt renne league: hr . . 
then bad they cleuen kathomc, aud the water lalter. From that tiil the 22 day tler of the rlorke 


it 


444 Thevoyagesanddifcoueries (brifoph.Burrough, 


in the moyning they ſapled thzee e Atte leagues, then had they ſixteue fachorne water i from 
c isonet one Sout ano bp def der ia gutt n abate, the — temehien 


43 degrees 15 miuuta, the depth then tight and twentie fathoms, and ſhallom ground i from 

Sutil Ake of che locke at night, thepfapled South bp Cal fue leagues aubabalfe, ror 
they thee and ſoxie fathoms Callow ground. From cheuce till che 23 foure a clockein the mop 
ning, they ſailed Mpourhlouthine? three leagues anda halle: then could they get no ground iy 
two and fittie lathoms derpe. From thence vntill noone they failed Mouth nine leagues, thenche 


leagues, the winde then at Jot. Fromebence they lalled vntill che 10 dap to Aadadeg 
the mowing, Tcleſtlouth nt eigbe leagues, the winde blowing at Moh very much. From ihe 
Cain two till foure of he clockethep (apled Mouth bp Ciel one league: chen being day ligt, they 
fatwthe land plapne, which was not pat tinee leagues from them, being very high raggedland, 
Shere wert certaine rocks that lap farre uff into the (ea, about fiue leagues from the fame lang, 
(which are called Barmake Taſh) thep Caplen betweene chofe rocks and the land, and about fine of 
the clockt they bp the pope Bilbill, where they ſbould haue put in but could not sand bess 
ring long the about tuo of the clocke afternoone, they came to Bildigh in the councery of 
Mediag} Sheruan, again which place they ankered in mine foot water, Wetentlp after chep ber 
at anker, there came aboon of chem a boat, wherein were ſeuen oz eighe perfons, two Curks, che 
reft Perſlans, che Curks baſſuls, which bade them welcome, and ſecmed to be glad ol they arb 
all, mo tolde the factors that the Curke had conquered all Media, oꝛthe countrep Sheruan, anv 
bow chat the Turks Baſha temapnediu Derbent with a garrifonof Turks and that Shamackie 
was whollie ſpopled, and had fem ono inhabitants left in it. The factours then being deftroug 
to come tothe ſpeech of the Batha, ſent one ol the Tiſcks (0 merchants that went ouer with them 
from Aſtrac an, paſſingets) and one of che companpes leruauts Robert Golding, with thole foub 
diaurs, tuthe captaine of Backow, which place ſtandeth hard by the fea, to certifie him of their an 

and what commodities tbey had b and to deſire friendſbippe to haue quiet and it 
traffthe fopthe fame . Backow is from Bildih, che plate where they road, about a dapes ioutmiy 
one foote ealily to be trauelled, which may be fire leagues the ni xt wap ouer Land sit is a toallen 
towne, and ſtrongly foꝛtiſied. hen the ſayd meflenger camt to the captaine of Backowe, the 
ſaid captaine gaue him very friendly intertainement, and after he underftood what they were thet 
were come in the ſhippe, and that they had bought, be feemed to re iopte much therent: who caus 
the fapd Golding licence to depart backe the next day, being the eigbt and twentith dap: and yy 
milrd that he would himſelle tome to the ſhippe the ni xt day following : with which anfwere the 
Capo Golding returned and came to the ſhippe the Lapa eigbe and twentich dap about nur of the 
clocke at night, Che nine and twentith day in the moming the factours cauſed a tent to be {et op 
at thoare neere the ſhippe, againſt the comming ol the ſapde captayne: who came thither about 
nee of the clacke after noont, and bought about thirtie fouldiours, that attended on him, in hints 
of male, and fome ol them had gauntlets ol luer, others of ſleele, and very faxe. Che faccours 
met bim at they tent, and after bery friendly ſalut ations palled betweene them, they gaut him in 
a meſent a gayment of cloch of veluet, and another of ſcaxlet, who accepted the fame gratefulli: 
after they had talked together by they interpretours, as well ol the Mate of ttze voyage and cault 
ofthey comming thither, as allo learned af the ſayde captaine the Rate ol that countrey, the la 
tours made requeſt puto him, that he woulde helpe them to the ſpeeche of the Baſha, wo u 
ſwered that they demaund was reafonable, and that hee woulde willingly ſbew them therm 
what pleafure he could, and fay becaufe the way to Derbent, where the Baſha remap, 
mas dangerous. he would fend thither, and certile him of them arrtuall, and what commodities 
they had houghe: and luch commodicies as they would defire to exchange unn 


— — 


briftoph.Burrough, (briftopb. Burrougb. of the Englifh nation. 445 


— — ———— — 

ne lathome water 1 from hence would procare the favo Baſha to prouide fop them: and therefore willed the ſattoꝛs to con: 

alle, the lutitude then obſtrurd ow mere an ert him what they not defired, and what quancitie they would haue proti· 

and ſhallow ground i from that ped : 0 whilett che Factors were confuleing togither thereupon, the captaine cathed with a Tifike 

tleagues and a balfe, then bab mecchanc thut came over in theſbip wa them from Altracan, which Ciftke among other matters 

he 23 foure a clock in che um inealke, certitien the captaine, that the night beſoze the factors and they, company were determine n 

en could they get no ground in tobane recurncd backe againe to A tracan , and that they were about to way ther ankers,which 

D Mouth nine leagues, thenche in derd was ttue, but the inaiſter of the batke, Thom is Hudſon of Limehouſe, perſuaded them cpom. dd; 
he 24 Dap at noone they faplen chat the wunde tans not good fop them to Depart, ec. CUhen the factors came agatne to talke with heut mater 
} obferucd was 41 degrees 33 che capcaine, they defired to goto the Batha, aud chat he would fafelp conduct chem thither : be of rye enguth 
Douthlouth wet foure leagues, granced chepr requetts vullingip, Defiring them to goe with him to a village hard by, and there to 4"** 

of couered with ſnowe, an the shine with him chat night, and the next day they Mould go to Backow, aud irom thence procecd on 

e leagues from the neereli land; journey to Derbent. They were onwilling to gothat night with him, becaufe the yj prout- 

tom chence they failed Mouth dan fon the way was not in rradineſle, but renueſted that they might Rap till the maning. Chere: 

ap foure of the cloche in the mop the captaine ſayd it was revoꝛted vnto him, that they ment che night before to haue gone a 

w neere the land, they tooke in wap sand if it hhould fo happen. be were in great danger of looſing bis head: for which caufe he re: 

u 40 Degrees $4 minuts: che quetivd co haue fome one fop a pledge: whercfoxe 9, Garrard one of the factours offered himſelſt 

of eheclocke inche alternoont, tng, who berault he could not fpeake che Rutle congue, tooke with him Chyttopher Burrousy, o. emos 
16 dap at noone they failed Eat anda Rule interpretour s that right they road from the fea five, to a village about ten miles off, Duncnab. 
locke at might Wouthwell ehrt uh meat ſupper time the capeaine had much calke with . Garrard of our countrey, demanding 


Iehe 27 Dap tho of the clocke in 
t Noth very much. From te 
gue 3 chen being day lighe, they 
, being very high raggedland. 
jue leagues from the lame lang, 
he and the land, and about fine of 
e put in but could not :and ben 
me to Bildigh in the councerp of 
water. Pyelently after they were 
N eigbe perfons, two Turks, che 
dſeemed to be glad ol they n 
la, oꝛthe countrep Sheruan, a 
10f Turks, and that Shamackie 
be factours then being deſttout 
us that went ouer wich chem 
Golding, with thoſe foul 

the fea, to certifie him ol their an 
iendſhippe to haue quiet and ift 
pep road, about a dapes iowrntp, 
t way ouer Land sit is a malle 
athe captaine of Backowe, the 
vnderſtood what they were ihn 
reioyte much thereat: tao gun 
ight and twentith dap: and y 
ping : with which anſwert the 
d twentith day about mie of the 
factours cauſed a tent to be {tt by 


Fan 


where the Batha remamna, 
t, 
arrtuall, and what commodities 


to eee 


where about it did lie, what countries were netre vnto it, and with whom we had traffike, for by 
the Rute name ol our countrep he could not comecture who we ſhould be: but when by the fierati- 
on he perctiued we were Cnglillmen, he demanded if our prince were a mapten Qutene: which 
toben he was certified of, then ( quoth he) your land is called Engleterra, is it not + anfwere was 
made it was ſo: whyerol he was very glad when he knew the certainty, Oe made very much of, 
them, placing . Garrard next to bimſelſe, and Chꝛiituphtr Burrough, with the Rule interpꝛe⸗ 
tour for the Curkie tongue hard by. There was a Gi nerchant with him at that pent, of 
tohom he ſeemed to make great account : him he placed nvicto himſelfe on the other five, and his 
gentlemen fate round about him talking together. The yr ſuting is vpon the hecles, of croſſe 


Foppe being brought in, he requefted them to eat. After they potage ( which was made of 
vice) was done, and lik ewile they boyled meat, there came in platters of rice ſodden thicke, and 
honp mingled withall : after all which, came a ſheepe rotted whole, which was Hought in a trap, 
md ſtt before the taptaine: he called one of his feruitours, who cut it in pieces, and laying thcrof 
bpon divers platters. itt the fame before the captaine : then the captaine gaue to M. Garrard and 
du company one platter, and to his gentlemen another, and to them which could not weil reach 
be tal meat fromthe platters which were before hum. Divers que ſtions he had with M. Garrard 
andChittopher Burrough at ſupper time, about their diet, inquiring whether they eat fiſh op Ath 
boluntarily, oz by oder. Chey drinke in thole pares is nothing but water . After ſupper (wal⸗ 
hung in the garden) the taptaine Demanded ol M. Garrard, whether the vſe was in England to 
lie in the houſe oꝛ in the garden, and which he had beſt lik ing ol: he anſwered, where it pleaſed 
him, but theyz ble was to lye in houſes: thereupon the captaine caufed beds to be ſent into the 
houtt for them, and cauſed his kinſman to attend on them in the night. il they chanced to wane any 
thing: he himſelfe with his gentlemen and fouldions lying in the garden. 

Jnthe moming very early he Cent hople for the reſt of the company which ſlould go to Derbent, 
fending bythem that went tenne ſheepe forthe ſhippe. In that village there was a Stoue. into 
which the captaine went in the moming, requeſting M. Garrard to go alſo to che fame to wath 
himſelſt, which he did. Dhorelp after hey: comming out of the Stoue, whileſt they were at 
breakfat, . Turnbull, M. Taylboves. and Thomas Mudſon the P. of the ſluppe, came thither, 
and when they had all bꝛoken they faſts, they went to Backow : but Chuſtophet Burtoghretur . 
nid to the ſhip, fon that he had hurt his leg. and tould not well endure that trauell. Ind rom Bac 
low they proceeded towards Derbent, as it was by the captaine pꝛonuled, being actompanxed on 
then way for theyꝛ ſaleconduct, with a gentleman, and certain e ſouldioꝛg. which had the capt aine 
of Backo his letters tothe Baſha of Derbent, very friendly written m ther behalfe. In the yꝛ 
fournev to Derbent they forfooke the oꝛdinary wayes, being very dangerous, and traue lled tho 
tow tunads till they came almoſt to the towne of Derbent : and then the gentleman road beſode 
withthe captaines letters to the Batha, to certifie him of the Engliſh merchants comming, who 
nitiuing the letters, and moerfanding the matter, was very glad of the netwes, and ſent forth to 
tectiue them, certaine ſouldioꝛs gunners, who met them about two miles ont of the to wne, fate. 
cme 


—— 


446 he voyages and diſcoueries Chrifloph.Burrowgh, 


= — —— ä .- —ẽ TT cee, 
ting them with great ttuerenct, and alterwar des road befoze them i then againe Mee chem other 
foulviours, lomewhut nerter the cattle, which liewile bauug done they falucacions roan leich 
them, and then came ſorch noble men, capcaines, and gentlemen, to teteiue them into the cattle 
d tone. As they entred the cattle there was a (hot of cweniie picces of great ordinance, ann tte 
Batha ſeut M. Turnbull a very fappe hoꝛſe wich Furniture to mount on, eeemen to be worth an 

markes, and ſo they were conueped to bis prefence : who after be badcatheo with them, 
Sent fo) a coate of cloch of golde, and caused it to be put on M. Curnbulles backt, and then wales 
them all to depart, andeake ther cate, fo chat thep were wearte of they iourney, and on the m 
tow be would ta lle further with them. Thee next dap mhenthe factens came againe to the pelence 
of the Daſlia, accopding to his ap » chep cequetten him chat be would graut them bis n 
uilege, whereby they might craffike fafelp manp part and place ot bis councrep, offering hum, thee 
(fit pleated his Matt uyto haue anpofthe commodities that they had thought, and to write his 
minde therol tothe captaine of Bac ko it ſbould be deliuered hun accoꝛdingiy. The Bathacs ay 
Cwere was, that he would willingly give hem bis puulege: pet fop that he tegarded they (aterie, 
hauing come fo larte, and huowing the Race ol bis country to be croublefome, be would haue them 
to bung they tommodtty thuher, x there to make fale of it, promiſung he would prowide ſuch com 
mobdities as they needed, and that he would be a defence vnto them, ſo i hat they Mould not be in 
ted by auy : wherupon the factoꝛs ſent Thomas Vudſun backt fo the hip to bring herto Derbent, 
and the Baſha ſent e him to the tayt ame of Backow, to certifie him what was des 
ternyned, which meflage being done, the taptaine ol Bac kom, aut the Baſhaes meſſenger, accom 
panied twith a doo pen ſouldtourz, went from Backow with Thomas Oudſon, and tame to ibe hip 
at Bildih the 11 day of June. After the capcaine and his men had beene abooꝛd and (ene the thip, 
they all departed ꝑꝛeſently, but the gentleman, meſſeuger fromthe Baths, with three other Curks, 
remained aboopd, and continued in the Hippe till Me tat to Derbent: the Lacie uve of Bildih bp di 


Ede * uers ohſeruattons is 40 degrees 25 minuts: che variation of the compatle 10 degrees 40 mm 


10d. nun. 


Sexe Alland. 


From Moyth to Tite, Aſter the returne of Thomas Mudſon backe to Bildih, they were conttray, 
ned to remapne there with the ſlipye though contrary winden vntill the 16 day of Func ſoutt of 
the clocke in the moming, at vihich time the y weyed anker, Cet faile and Departed thente towards 
Derbent, and arrived at anker againſt Derbent Eaſt and by South from the ſayd cate in foure 
fathome aud a balfe water, the 22 dayol June at ten of the clocke m the monung : then cheptooke 
uptheyꝛominance, which before they had owed in holde for cating the ſluppe in ber towling. Ju 
the afternoone the Baſha tame downe to the water fine agalult the ſyipxe, and hauing the ſald ond 
nance placed, . wag all thotce off to him: and pyeſently after his departure 
backe, he permitted the factops to come aboopd the ſbiype. Che 29 day they) goods were vulaben 
and carryed to the Baſhaes garden, where be made chopte of ſuch things as he liked, taking fo) cw 
ſlome of euer y fine aud twentie karſien, op whatlotuct one, oi after the rate of ſourt for the hundyd. 
Che factours after his choyte made, determined to ſend a part of the reſt of the goods to ackow. 
for che ſyeedier making fale thercol, for which cauſe they obteined the Baſhaes letter to the cap 
taine of Bac kow, witten very fauourably in they behooſe: and thereupon was laden and lent m 
a ſmall boat of that countrey in merchandi e, to the value (very neere) of one thouſand pound ier · 
ling: videlicet, one hundꝛed pie ces of harfies, ſeuen broad clothes, two barrela of cochene lu two 
barrels of tinne, foure barrels of ſhalle. Chere went with the lame of the companyes fernantes 
CHiMliam & Ainckle, Nobert Golbing, and Richard Relfe, with tuo Ruſſies, whereol one was in 
interpꝛeton, belldes foure barhemen. They departed from Derbent with the ſayd barke the 19 
of July. and arrived at Bildih the 25 day: chem paflage and carriage of their goods to Backow 
was chargeable, although they ſalen when they came thit her were (mall : they had great friend 
ſhip ſbewed them al the captaint ol Bac ko. ag well fo) the Bafhacs letter. as allo for the factours 
fakes, who had dealt friendly with hum. as before is declared. Robert Golding deſuo us to burt 
land what might be done at Shamakic, which is a daits tourney from Backow, went thither,trom 
whence returning, he was fet on by theturs and was fhot into the knee with an arrow, wwho hade · 
rie hardly efcaped with bislife and gaoten, but that by guod hap he killed one of the th eues holes 
with his caliucr, and thot a Turke tho both checks with a dag. On the fire day of Auguſi the fac 
tops being aduertiſed at Derbent that theyn thip was ſutotten and we ake, that it was vowbefull the 
would not carry them backe to Aſtrac an, didtherupon agree and bargen at that place with an A 
menian, whofe name tas lac ob, ſm a barke called a Bulle, being of bur den about 3 5 tunes, 
which came that peere from A brac an, and was at that int ant riding at an iſtand called 7 cre about 
tinte on foure leagues beyond op to the C aſtwardes of Bildih, us Darke for the yy more fatty, 
they ment to haue with them in their returne to Aftracan, and therupon tote vnto CAAincoll 


; riloph.Burrough, 
— 

n 3 then againe mee them 
he they lalutationa — 
do rereme them into the cattle 
of Great ordinance, ann the 
int on, eltetimed to be wonthen 
Db after be badcathen wich them, 
nbulles backs, and then wulle 
— atom and on the 
againe to the pretence 
be would Jrant chem bis n 
MS coumtrey, offering hun, tha 
v had bought, and to trite big 
accondingly, The Bathacs ay 
N that he tegarted they faferie, 
dubltſome, he would haue them 
ug he would prowide (uch tam 
lol bat tbey Mould not be iniye 
be Trip to bring herto Derbent, 
W, to cettiſie him that was pe 
the Baſhaes meſſenger, accom 
s Hudfon, and tame to the lap 
jen Aaboopd and feene the thip, 
atha, with three other Turks, 
nt: iht latit ude of Bildih bp bi 


Mle 10 degrees 4o mm 
toi, het nay 
ill che 16 day of Zane foure of 
and Departed thente towmartyg 
ith From the ſayd cate in foure 
n the momung : then theytoolt 
the ſlippe in ber rowling, In 
Nppe, and hauing the (aid opdi 
d pyeſeutly after his departure 
day ther? goods wert vuladen 
ings as he liked, taking toy cus 
he rate of ſoure fo the bundyeo, 
be reſt of the goods to Backow, 
d the Bathaes letter to the cap 
pereupon was laden and leut n 
re) of one thouſand pound fer: 
two barrels of cocheneluo, tuo 
of the companyes fernantes 
) Rules, whereof one was an 
ent with the ſayd barke the 19 
ige of their goods to Backow 
t mall: they had great friend 
sletter as alfo for the factours 
ert Golding deſuous to vr r. 
m Backow, went thither,trom 
nee with an arrow. who had be 
hilted one of the the eues horkes 
n the fire day of Augulſ the fae: 
Cake, chat it was vowbefull the 
rgen at that place with an Ap 
ol bur den about 35 cunnes, 
at an Mand called J ere about 
eb Darke fo they more ſaſtty, 
pon wrote buco CAincoll 2 


(‘briflopber Burrough, of the Engliſh nation. 


vu het was a Carobia op chefte, wherein were dollers, and golde, witch they bad receiued 
fo the commodities of the companie, which they ſolde at Backowe, which at the taking cut of 
the Bulle, fell by the barkes ſide into the water among the rockes, and fo was loft. The packes 
of cloth which che y — not well take out of the Bulle were alfo loft, ocher thinges that were 
le they ſaued. 

ee Auguſt, the F actors reteiued from the Baſha 300. Batmans of rawe fitke, parcell 
ofthe bargaine made twith hum, who bade them come the next day fop the reſt of the barg aine. 

Che: day the Factops went to the Baſha according to his appointment, but that day the v 
could not (peake with hum, but it was deliuerer them as from him that they ſhould locke and con · 
der whether any thing were due vnto lum oz not, which gritued the Factoꝛs, and chereupon M. 
Turnebul auſwered, that their heads and all that they had were at the Baſhaes pleafure; But then 
was anfwered there was no ſuch matter in it: but that they houlo cal dy their reckoning s. to 
lit bon it Rood betwerne them. The 20. hay the y rat vp their reckouings. The 21. they went 
cobaue ſpoken with the Bafha,bur were denied audience, 


Che 22. day they heard newrs by a Wulle that came from Altracan, that Arthur Edwards Arthur Cd. 


(tahoe che JF accops left at Altrac an with the matie of the goods) was dead, who Departed this 
lietde olf 

Che rz. daythe actors reteiued more from che Baſha 500. Batmans of like. The 4. ol 

newes was thought to Derbent, that Golding comming from Shamakie, was ſet 
an bythetues (Curkes) and had hurt one of them 

Che . Tobias Ackins the gunners bop die d ot the flure, who was buried the 6, day 2, miles to 
the Southtoord ofthe Cattle of Derbent, where the Armenian Cipittians do vſualiv hurie the it 
dend. About the 20. af newes came to Derbent, that the Buſſe which they hab 
borgheaflacob the Armenian as beſobt, was cat awap at Bildih, but they teteiued mo certaing 
mwes in miting from any of out people. 

Che 26. ul September uns laden abooꝛpthe thippe 40. bale of filke, From the 26. til che 2. ol 
Ortoher, they cooke into the Mippe, bead, water, and other neceffarp pꝛnuiſion fo) their fea me: 
the lud 2,day ol October. the F accons were commanded vpon the ſundaine to auoyd their houle, 
ama gee them with their prouifion out of che to wne: Thereupon they were tonſtrained to remoue 
andcarcy their things co che fea five againt che ſlup, and remained there all the night. The cauſe 
ofthis ſudden auopding them out of che cowne (as afterwards the y percriued) was for chat the 
Batha had receiucd ne wr s of « ſupplie mich creature that the Curke had lent, which was then 
weereat hand connning towards um. 

The 3 day ol October all things were aug ht from the fhaare aboome che (hip : and that day 
the Factors went to the Ratha tu take their leaue of him, vntu whom they recommended thoſe the 
Companies ſeruanta. c. much the y had ſent to Hackow . making aceompt to leaue them behinde 
inthe Countrey: who caulen their names to be mitten, and promifenther thould want nothing. 
um be imuried ot an y. Alter this le aut tahen, the F attoꝛs went abooꝛd purpoſing prefentlp to 
baut fet ſaile and Departed cowards Aſtrac an. the winde ſeruing we ll for that purpoſe at Mouth 
Houtheat ; un as they were tram to fer larle there tanie a ainſt the ſuppe a man who weued: 

the boate was ſent a thoare co hum, who was an Armenian ſene from William 
Wincoll,with his writting tables herein cht faye Win coll had written Mnietlp, the mifhappe 
ofthe loffe of the Bulle, and that che y were cummung from Bildih towarde s Derbent, they, and 
luch things as the y laued with) a ſmali hoate, foxcen to put a ſlware in a plate by the fea five tale 
theArmenian village: (iberenpan che Factors cauitb the Inppe to ſtay hoping that with the 
y wunde that then blem tee y muuldcumt from the place they wert at to the thippe,but if 
the / could noe come nuth chat dune. ter y ment to ſatit with the fhippe, with the next winde that 
would ſerut them. ag ainſt che place where they wert, take them in il they could which Map and 
loffeof thole Boutherly windes, was a caufe of great truubles, that they afterwards luſtained 
thougd ye . gc. ent ring the Vol xa as ſhalbe det lareb. 
4. day the winde South South aſt, the ſiuppe rode Mili: This day Chriſtopher Pur- 
row mas ſent tu (hore to Derbent tu ynouive fome * for the voyage, ¢ with him. Tiſike 
0 


. 


thersttat Bac koi v, that the y Mould recttut the fame Buſſt. and lade in her their gvods at Bildigh 
tobe recurned to Detbent, and to diſcharge their firf boace, which was obſerued by them accoy 
nagt. Ciben all their goods were laden abohde che aide Bulle at Bildigh,ano being readit 
to bane Departed chence fop Derbent. there arofe a great ſtumme with the winde out ol the fea,bp 
foyce wberrol the cables and hallters were boken. and thetr veſlell put a ſboart, and bꝛoen to pre: 
(ts the rockes : euery of them that were in her ſaued their liues, and part of the goods. 


— ~ — 


— — — BS 


5 
— — 


—— 7 


448 The voyages and diſcoueries (briſtapher Burrougs, 


The Turke 
his trealure 
leut to ers 
bent, 


Dtrbent built 
bp NMler ander 
the great, 


latitude 
of Derbent 41. 
beg. 32. nun. 


Op two, which ſhould goe in the ſlupye —— to Altracan. Aud being on thoare he (awe then 
the comming in of che Curkes treaſure, being accompanied with 200, ſouldit ts. and 100. 
pioners, belides Captatnes and Gentlemen: the Batha Lach bis Capcaines and fouloiers ber 
gallantiy apparclien and furnithed, went out from Derbent about the 0} foure mile u to nu 
the ſaide trealure and receiued the fame with great io ye and triumpbe, Trraſurt was the chick 
thing they needed lo not long before, the ſouldiers were readie to byeake into che Court agaul 
the Batha fo; their payꝛthere was a great mutenie among® them, becauſe bee had long dülertd 
and not eren them their due. Che trealure came in 7. wagons, and with it were brought io, 
pieces of bꝛaſſe. 

In the parts of Media where they were, chere was no tommoditie to bee bought ol auy do · 
lue, but rawe ſilke, neither was that to bee had but at the Bafhacs handes: who thortly alter then 
comming thither cared the Countrey for that commoditic, Dis dealing with our Parchantz a 
it was not with equitie in all points accopding to bis bargaine, ſo it was not extretme ill. OF 
the commodities they carried hee tooke the chieleſt part, for which hee gaue but a mall mite n 
reſpett of the value it was there worth, and berauſe he had pꝛouide d ſuch quantitie of commodiie 
fo them, which other wiſe they toulde not haue had, the € ountrep being ſo troubleſome . and u · 
uatle by land fo dangerous, he vſed them at his pleaſure. 

The newes that was reported vnto them at Altracan touching the warres betweent the 
Turkes and Perſians differed litle from the tructh: Foz the Turkes armie with aydt ofthe 
Crims, (being in nomber by the infoymation of 2. Spaniards that ſerued in thoſe warres, about 
200000, inuaded ¢ conquered the Couutre y of Media in Anno 1577, Ihen the great Curke 
vnderdood of the conqueſt, he appointed Ofman Baſha(the (aid Baſha. and nom Captainc of Der. 
bent) goutrnour of the whole Countrey, who ſettled bimfelfe in Shamakie the chiefe Cite al 
Media, and principal place of traſique, vnto whome was ſent from the great Turk un ſigui 
cation of the gratefull acceptatian of his feruice and the great conqueſt, a {word ol great value, 

After che laide Baſha had bꝛought the Countrey in onder to his liking, and placed garniſan⸗ 
where hee thought conucnient, the armie was diflolucd ant t backe: Ahen the Perſians py, 
derſloode that the Turkes armie was diſſolued and returned they gathered a power together n 
with the Queene of their Countrey as chiefe, they entred the Countrey of Media, and outrtannt 
the fame with fire and ſwoꝛd. deſtroying whatſoeuer they lounde, as well peop le. catte ll as what 
ſoeuer els, that might be commodious to the Turkes. And aſter they had fo ouerrunne the Coun 
trey, they tame to Shamakic, where the ſalde Baſha Lieutenant generail of the great Turke was 
ſett led. and beſieged it: where vpon the Baſha feeing bee coulde not long indure to with lande 
them, fiedde thence to Derbent where he now remameth. 

Derbent is a ſtrong Caſtle which was built by Alexander the great, the ſituation whertelu 
ſuch, that the Perfians being without Owinante, are not able to winne it but by famine. When 
the Turkes were ſled from Shamakic, the Perfians entred the fame and ſpoyled it, leauing there 
in neither liuing creature nor any tommoditie, and fo returned backe into Perſia, and ſettltd them 
ſelues about Teucris, where there grewe ſome queſtion among them fop the king domt. After 
warps the Perfians hauing intelligence of an armie from the Curke comming into Me dia, gi 
thered themſelues together in a great armic and encountring the ſalde Turkes, ſet vpon themen 
the ſudden, and vanquiſhed them, putting them all to the worde. This cuerthowe of the Curkes 
grieued the Baſha of Derbent, and made him to haue the more care for his owne ſaſetie. 
Moꝛeouer, newes was bꝛougbt vnto him that the Kiſel Baſhaes, (that is to ſay the nobles ¢ St 
tlemen of Perfia ) were minded to fet vpon him, and that neere vnto Backow th te lay an anni 
readie to beſiege it. Mhereupon the Batha oftentimes would ride about the Cattle of Derbem 
vie wing the ſame, and the ſpꝛings that did come to it and where he ſaw any caufe of refoymationt 
was amended, 

The Latitude of Derbent ( by diuers obſeruations exactly there made) i 41. deg. 5 2, The i 
riation of the Compallt at that place about 11, degrees from Moyth to Ciel, From Deiben 
to Bildih by land, 46. leagues. F rom Derbent to dhamakie by land 45 leagues, From Sham 
kie to Backow about 10, leagues, which may be 30. miles. From Backow to Bildih 3. ite 
leagues by land. but by water about 12. leagues. From the Caſtle Derbent Eafkwards there 
reache 2. lone walles to the borer of the Calpian fea, which is diſtant one Eng liſb mile. Chole 
walles are 9. core thicke and 28.02 30, foate high. and the {pace betweene them is 160. geome· 
trical paces, that is 8 oo. foote, There are yet tu be perteiued of the ruine ol thoſe walles, which 
do now extend inen the fea about balfe a mile: Alſu from the Caſtle MNeſtward into the land chey 
did perceiue che ruines of a Mone wall to extend, which wall as it is repozted did pafle trom je 


FZESPAFPFESLSTHESCSSSSRAaRERE BHSERTSRSSBZERSRISCSSSESTRSAR 2 S58 8: srl 


iftopher Burrongh 


ud being on ſboatt he fawe 
with 200, fouldiers, and 2 
6s Captaines and ſouldiers 
but the 0} foure milt a to nut 
poe, Trraſurt was iht chu 
o byeahe into che Court agauſ 
becauſe bee had long dul 
6, and with it were brought 10, 


dditie to bee bought of auy bo 
handes: who thorely alter then 
eaung with our Parchants a 
ſo it was not extretme ill. C. 
ich hee gaue but a ſmall picein 
ped ſuch quantitie of conumoduut 
p being ſo troubleſome . and tra, 


hing the warres betweent the 
Turkes armie with ayde of the 
t ſerued in chofe warres, about 
1577. hen the great Curke 
afhaand nom Captaint of Der. 
n Shamakie the chiefe Citi el 
rom the great Turke in figuit, 
ueſt, a {mond of great value, 
is Liking, and placed garnſant 
backe: Ahen the Periians py: 
gathered a power together n 
utrey of Media, and ourrranne 
as well people, cattell as wha 
hey had fo ouerrunne the Coun 
enerall of the great Turke was 
e not long indurt to withllantt 


e great, the ſituation whertelu 
inne it but by famine. ben 
ne and ſpoyled it, leaning there 
cke into Perſia, and ſettled then 
them fo the king domt. After 
ithe comming into Me dia, gi. 
ſalde Curkes, fee vpon theme 
This cucrelpowe of the Turba⸗ 
re for bis owne ſaletie. 

that is to fap the nobles ¢ Gm 
nto Backow th re lay an ammit 
ive about the Cattle of Derben 
faw any caufe of reformation 


e made) ia 41. deg. 5 2. The u 
th to Tie, From Derbent 
nd 45 leagues, From Shama 
rom Backow to Bildih 3 m fise 
iftle Derbent Caſtwards thert 
iſtant one Englith mile. Chole 
betweene them is 160. geome 
he ruine of thoſe walles, which 
e Miettwarn into the land. they 
5 tepcke odd pale from ce, 


vp Pontus Euxinus, and was built bp Alexander the great when the CaMte Hei bent was made. 

Che 5.0f October about noone the wine Mopth Moptheal they wapedancre, and ſet fatle 
um Derbent, being lon get che coad to the Mouchwarvs tu ſerke thete men, but as they had fat: 
ign about foure leagues the winde ſcanted Eaſterlp. ſo that they wert fopced to ancre in inet far 


a wayed ancre. and bare further off into che fea, where they ancred in 7. lat home 
wacet the very Icke and fo totten abafte che maine matte thet a man with bis naile s 


five, 
1 teen 7. of che t lockt in che moyning. they fet ſailt, the winde Douthwek, They 
unſdered che time ol the peere was farre ſyent . t he (ip weake, Icke and rotten, and therefoze de · 
rmmning not to tarp any fo} Winc oll and bis fellowes but to leaue them bebinde bent 
themfelues directly towards Altracan : and fapling Noth Northeaſt vntill midnight about 16. 
kaguts che winde then came to the Noth Nonthwelt, and ble w much. a very forme, which cau · 
(eo tdem to take in all their — ba — confe, with which they were forcedco Recre be: 
fore che (ca, Mouth bp weſt, and ouch „And on the g. day about 2.0fthe clocke in the 
their great boate ſunke at che Chips Merne, which they were fopred to cut from the ſbiyye 
—— griefe and diſcomfoxt: fo) in her they to ſaue their lives il the Mippe ſboulde 
unt mltarird. About 10. ol the c lockt befope noone they had light of the lande about z. league s 
the Mouth ol Derbent, and bart langt the coaſt to the Moutheaſtwards vnto Nezauov, where 
they came at ancre in 3. fathoms and hlacke oxe, good ancre holde, whereof they were glad as al · 
fochat che winde was ſtuſted to the Monchwelk, and but ameane gale, Wincoll and che reft of 
his fclowes being in che Armenian village, which is about 1 f. verſts co the wel wards of Ne a- 
woo,the plate where again they rode at ancre, faw che (ip as the paſſed by that platt. aud ſent a 
manin the night lol lo wing alongtt the coat after her, wbo came againſt the ſpip where the rode, 
and with a firebrand in the top of a cree made Agnes, which was perceiued by them in the lippe, 
wherrupon the y hoyſed out their ſ kiffe, and ſeut her a (hoare to learne what was ment by the lire: 
which teturned a letter from Wincoll, wherin be wote that they were with ſuch goods as they 
had atthe Armenian village. and payed chat thert they mig be with che (ame goods be taken into 
the lliyyen The o. dap it was litle winde, they wayed and bate a litle further off iuto the fea to- 
nume che ſaid village, and ancred. The 10. day they ſent their (hiffe to the Armenian village to 
luchthoſe men and the goods they had, with order that tf the winde ferued, that they could not re · 
n ſdippe promifed to come lo them, ag ainſt the faive village; 

calme, 

Cher, dap the winde Wopthwelt they rove Ail, The 11. day the winde Moutheaſt they 
ancte, and bare againſt and neere to the Armenian village where they ancred, and then 
came aboopd and tolde them that our people at ſhoate, were like to be ſpoyled of the Tar- 
tut nere it not that the gunners defended them: then was the Miffe ſent backe againe to charge 
them at vuy hand they ſhould batten abvoꝛde che ſhippe wharfeeucr it coſt chem, CAbertupon. 
all che ie came aboopbde the (ane day fauing Richard Relfe, and two Ruſſes, but as ſoont 
asthe Chifte was returned abooꝛde the lluppe, the winde blewe at Woutheaſt, and the Sea was 
growrnsfoas they were forced to take in their ſ kiffe into the Tip and robe Hill till the 13. day. 
andthen being faire weather, early in pin the Chiffe was hoyſed out of che ſippe. and 
(euteahoare to fetch the fain Relfe aud the two Rufles, which were readie at the ſboart ide. and 
with them two Spaniards that were taken capttues at the Goletta in Barbaric, which ſeturd the 


due as foulviers, Thole Spaniards (of Chuſtian charitte) they bꝛought alſo abooyd the hippe Two bn. 
toredeeme them from their captiuitie, which were bꝛought ouer into England, and (et free and at ren bp our 
harte bere in London, in Meytemdet 15. Che winde this day at Noth Nonthe alt faire wea⸗ Crsithinen. 


thet, Che 14, daythey ſru the Chiffe to ſboate. and fillen ſteſb water, Che i 3. day they rode 
Gillbeing litie winde nan fogge, Che 16, day the winde Cal Mdutheaſt, they waped ancre 
in (et ſaile b Morbtwards towardes Aſtracan, aud the ſame nighe they ancred in 10. ſa · 
thoma bwatet, about 5 miles from the ſhoare of the Shalkaules countrep, which plate is b. leagues 
Bunk auth welt from Derbent. Che 1 J. dy the wunde at Noth very amie they rove Mil all 


that Bap o night. he 18. che winbt all S cuthe a about one of the clocke afternoone, they wayed 

inte t ſulled thence til . ofthe t locke Moreh J2ntheatt 6. leagues, then might they fee the land 

Rurchtueſt about 10. leagues ſtum the wind Sourheatt:febtheuce they ſailed til midnight Monch 

aachen 1 2 league. tbthente til h 9. day 7.aclocke tub weng h tales ebe 
wind then Catt ſoutheaſt, a na 

being (aa the M. inge) about the bead of S 


fouitveviand had 1 7 fathomm, and fand, 
y-feom thence till 2 2. ofthe clocks at noone they 
Sf 2 ſalled 


Chriftopber Burrongh, of the Englith nation. 449 


— ——— — * 


We, Vv Wg 2 V * 


0 8 Vv. hl JN wee 
JJ Y : 2 N 9 . * 5 * 
N sow . * 
* * 
2 1 112 gs 
a, Oe — nS 
5 442 88 
=F oe S 
K Y 
2. Us 
Poo My ey 
> a ji 8 7 . D 
XS 25 \ F e 


40 The voyages and difcoueries Chriftopher Burrongb, 


A ftrange ace 
eident of pjos 


failed jRonth 5. leagues, the winde chen at Catt a faire gale, they founded and hav J. fadomg, 
From thence till 8, of the clocke at night, they ſaſled Mop 7. leagues : che winde then et Ruth 
eatt with ſmall raine, they cooke in their failes and ancrer in 3. fadoms water and ſoft ose, where 
they rode Mil all night, and the 20, bap and night the winde Noztheaſt, as before with (mal 
raine. i 

The 21. dapthe winde Nozthwelt, they like wie rode ſlill. Che 22. day about 3. ofthe clocke 
in the afternoone,chep wayer ancre the winde Wick Noꝛthweſt, and failed from thence till Lipe of 
the clocke at night Porth 4, eagueg, chen they ancred iu 2. fathoms and a halle (oft oe che 
at Meſt a {mall bʒeath. a 

The 23. day about 7. of the clocke in the moꝛning, they wayed ancre aud fet faile being little 
winde Eaſterly, ann failen till a. of the clocke after noone Noꝛthweſt in with the ſhoare about fire 
leagues, and then aucred in 6.foote water, hauing perfect fight of the lo we lande (lande hilles de. 
ing about thee miles fromthe neereſt land. This place of the land that they were againt they 
perteiued tu be to the Meſtwards of the koure Glands (called in the Rufle tongue Cheten 
Boogori) and they funde it afterwards bp due proofe, to be about 50. verlis, op thirtie Egli 
miles to the South weſt, oz Southweſt bp South, from the laid Chetera Bogori. g 

Che 24. day the winde at Caf, and by South, a fea winde called Gillauar, canted them 
to ride Rill, The 25. dap they thought good to fende in their l kilfe Robert Golding andter 
taine Ruſſes, to rowe him longeſt Roꝛthwards by the ſhoare, to ſeeke the ſoure WRanve,and (org 
patle vnto the Vchooge, and there to lau the ſaide Rob. Gol ding to pꝛoteede to Aſtracan ode. 
liner Amos Riall a letter, wherein he was required to pꝛouide Pauozes to meete the ſhippe at iht 
{rive lands, and the ſ Riffe with the Ruſſes were appointed to returne from the Vchooge bit 
vittuals tu the ſhippe, which (hiffe departed from the fhippe about nine of the clocke in the fore: 
noone, The 26. 27. 28. and 29. daytz, the windes Eaſterly, and Noztheaſt they roode till with 
their ſhippe. Che zo. day the winde Southealk chey mayed and {et ſaile to the Poztheatttwarns: 
but the ſhippe fell fo on the ſideto the ge wards, that they were forced eftfoones to take in ther 
laſles ard ancre againe from whence they neuer remooued her. That day they ſbared their heat: 


ration fap tpedt but in their want Gon {ent them two couies of partrivges,tbat came from the ſhoare, anv lighten 


Nouember. 


in anvabout their ſbippes. whereby they were cumfoꝛted, aud ane that lay ficke, of whoſe life ms 
ſmall hope recouered his health J ait 
Che 4, of Nouember the Chiffe returned tothe ſhippe with fome vittuals and eertifienthat the 
4. Adands were about 60. veriis frum them to the Nonthealtwards. UMhen Robert Golding 
came to Aſtracan, and deliuered there the Fattozs letter to Amos Rial, the duke, Captaineofthet 
plate, was done to vnderſland of the Chips artiual, and ofthe Mate they were in, and their renuel in 
Pauoſes, who was very glad to heare of their ſafe returne, and appointed to be ſent with all {peer 
2. Pauoſes, ud aStrooge, with gunners to garde and to defende With the which Scrooge 
and Pauoſes, Amos Riall went domne to the Chetera Bougori, 024, stands afope ſaid where ber 
Haped wich thoſe barks; arcowing to the Factors appointment. The 5. dap they purpoledts 
ſend from the ſhippe their fkiffe with che catpenter, aud 4 Ruſſes, to uwe bim to the 4. Bowgo· 
ties, to requeſt Amos Rial to tome from thence with the Pauoſes tothe ſhip with al pollible fpeen, 
The ſkicfe wich thole men deyarted from the ſhip in the moꝛning, and within one hourethey 
with a ſmall boat with Ruſſes, rowing towards the ſhip which came from the Ouchooge witha 
wilde ſ wine and other victuals to (ell: with the fame boate the fhifferenuren backe co he thieh 
terthe Ruffles had teceiued and were fatiffien for the victuals they bꝛougbtẽ the fame nap they 


turued with their boate backe toward the Ouchooge, and with them in the fame boate was lem 


che carpenter of the thip to the CheteraBougori which were in their wap, to detlare onto Amos 
‘Rial che meſſage heſode appointed bim. Kromthe 5. vntill che ou dap the thép rode ſtill butch 
trary winds Eaſterly. Che fame 9. da came ta the Hip certatne Nuſſes in a ſmall boate, which 
53255 
Strooge, hed at the Chetera i 5 dayes f ! kbither of 
ſhiy. Dhe 10. dan being daubtfull of the Pauoſiẽs cummingy they (ent Thomas Hudſon mates 
okthe ſhip in chef kiffe( dnd with ber went the afojefain fhifte tidate towards the Chetera Boopori 
to the Pauoſes ta bꝛing tod whether they tuoutn tome tothe dip not the winde then at month 
taſt with fogge. The 11. day the winde Moptherly with fogge, the ſhip rode Mill. Che 12 

Amos Rial, Chriſtopher Fawcet, zuba utmgunner cameo the ſhip, and with them the 9p. Tho 


mas Hudſon returned (but the Stroa r ene nee cee eee 


fromthenee ( when ie began cofeeete, eetutned tp Aſtratan. Amos Rialnetlaren thathe ſentt 
carpenter backe fromthe Chotera Boogorititafiall boaceomtbe rc tnpsznn maraaii Hck 


oy Burromꝑb. 


and had 5. f. 

a J. faden. 
winde chen at Rath 
er and loft ose, ubere 
as befoze with {mai 


about 3. ofthe clocke 
tom thence till fire of 


fe (oft oze che winde 


d fet ſaile being titel 
) the fhoare about ire 
ande (ande hilles)be. 
ep were againk,thep 
fle tongue Chetera 
Hs, op thittie Engli 
ogori. ’ 

illauar, cauſed them 
ert Golding and ter 
ure Iands, and lot 
ede to Aſtracan tobe 
neete the ſhippe atthe 
m the V chooge wich 
he clocke in the lun. 
ſt they roode till with 
the Roztheaſl ward: 
foones to take in their 
heyſbared their beat: 
he fhoare, and tighten 
cke, of whoſe life wu 


and certifi ett the 


bebe which Scrooge 
8 afopelath,tobere he 
day they purpoledte 
im to the 4.Bowgo- 
with al pollible {peen, 
in one hourethey 

e Ouchooge witha 
sbache czech 
the lame day they 
> fame boate toad len 
to Declare vnto Amos 
bip rode fill tuith cow 
A a ſmall boate, which 
with the Paucſes and 
mming thither of te 
— 
be Chetera Boogon 
winde Month 


' thenat 

de Mill. The 120 
hetera Bodgor)um 
ned that he forte 
1 eee 


Ftp be. Burrough.:ofthe Englith nation. 


wos not come to the ſhippel but in the logge the day kerze as afterwards they learned) milled the 
(hippe,and ouerfhot ber, and afterwards returning backe, hee found the ſbip at ancre, and nothing 
in der dut the Ruſſes that were left to keepe her, andthen hee departed thence, and went to the V+ 
chooge and there Raped. Pꝛeſently vpon the comming of the Fauoſes to the ſhippe chey vſed as 
nuch lperde as might be, to get the goods out ol the fxppe into them, and after the goods were 
ien itt; they tooke in allo of the ſhippes Oʒwinance, furniture and pꝛouiſion, as much as they 


rg bern the moming Amos Riall was fene away in a ſmall boate towards Aſtracan, Je the 3.0 
wunde victuals and carriages to relieue and helpe them, who coulde paſſe no further then the denne iu 


butt lands, but was there ouertaken wirh pre, and forced to leaue bis boate, and from thence tb 


to Aftracan, finding at the V chooge the Carpenter returned from his ill tourney, ve⸗ Volga. 


ill handled with the ertremicic ol che colde. The ſame day they departed alſo in thoſe ligh⸗ 
ters wich the goods towards the Chetera Bougori, leauing the ſhippe at aucre, and in her two 
Ruſſes, which with three moze that went in the Pauoſies, to pꝛouide victuals for themſelues and 
there aud there with pꝛomiſed ta returne backe to the ſbippe with all ſpeede, had offered to vn⸗ 


dertake fo twentie rubbles in money to carry che ſhippe into ſame harboꝛo we, where thee might 


{ately winter, oz cls to keepe her where ſher rode all winter, which was pꝛomiſed to be giuen them 
iithey did it: and the ſame day when with thole lighters they had gotten light of the 4. Iſlands 
being about eigbt verſts South welt from them, the winde chen at Montheaſt, vid kreeſe the ſea 
{9,48 they could not rote, guide, Rirre oz remodue the ſaide lighters, but as the winde and pte did 
le them; And fo they continued daiuing with che pce, Southeat into the {ea by the {pace of 


boantte houres, aud then being the ſixteene day the pre ſtoode. TUhiles they moue with the pce Tbe is dar. 


the dangers which they incurred were great: foz oftentimes when the pre with the force ol winne 
and ſea did bꝛeake, pieces of it were tolled and dꝛiuen one vpon another with great force, terri. 
lle to beholde. and the fame happened at ſometimes fo neere vnto the lighters, that they expec⸗ 
edit wulde haue ouerwhelmed them to their vtter deltrurtion: but God who hath peleruen 
them from man y perils before, did alfo ſaue and deliuer them then. 

Michin chee oz foure dapes ter the fir ſtanding of the pce when it was Grime and ſtrong, 


hep todke out all their goods, being four ie and eight bales oz packed of rawe filke, gc. layde it 


onthe pte, and coueredthe fame with luch pd. uiſions as they bad. Then for want ol victuals c. 
they agreed to leaue all the good there vpon the pce, and to goe to the ſboare: and thereupon 
hade vp their chelts and Corobias, where with, and with ſuch other things as they coulde gette, 
they maͤde flens ſoz euery of them to dꝛawe vpon the pte, thereon they layde their clothes 
u kerpe them warme. and ſuch victuals as they had, and {uch other thinges as they might cou⸗ 
waitntlp carry, and ſo they departed from the ſaide goods and Pauofes perp early about one of 
theclocke. in the moming, and trauapling on the pre, directed their way Moꝛth, as neere as they 
could iudge, and che fame dap about two ok the clocke in the after noone, they had fight ofthe Che- 


teraBabbas (foure hillockes of Illauds ſo called:) vnto the fame they directed themlelues, and 3 


there remained that night. 

The goods and Pauoſes which they left on the pee, hep iudger to be from thole Chetera Ba- 
bas about 20. berſts. ö \ . 
And che nert mozning departen thence Ealkwardes, and came to che Chetera Bougo- 
nes (0p foure Illands before ſpoken of) befoꝛe noone, (the dittance betweene thoſe places is a 
bout fifteene verſtes) where they remainev all that night, departing thence cowards Aftracans 
che nert morning very earely they loſt their way chrough the perlwaſion of the Ruſſes which 
here with them, taking to much towardes the left hande, ( contraryto the opinion of Maſter 
Hudfon:) Uhereby wandering vpon the pce foure o; flue dapeg, not knowing whether 
they were entred into the Crimme Tartars lande oꝝ not, at length it fortune they mette with a 
n that had bene trauailed, which croſte backe wardes towardes the Sea, that way they 
tocke, and following the ſame / withiw two dayes trauaile it bought them to a place called 
8 Crafhoyare, (thatis to ſap in the Engliſh tongue) redde cliffe, which viuers of the companie 


- Chere they remapned that night bauing nothing to eate but one loafe of bꝛead which they 
happened to finde with the two Ruſſes that were left in the ſbippe to keeye her all che winter (as 
Gatnefaive) home they chaunted to meete going towards Aftracan, about fine miles betone 
Gepcame to the faive Craſnoyare, who certified them that che ſhippe was cut in pieces with the 

Pee,and that they had hard ſcaping with their lines, 
A che mazning they departed earelp from e towardes the Ouchooge, and 
; about 


451 


December, 


Cheir returne 
to ſtracan. 


42 he voyages and diſcoueries Chriflopber Burreugh, 


about 9. ot the clocke befoze noone, being within 10, verſts ol the Vchooge, they mete Amos 
Riall, withthe Carpenter, which be founde at Ouchoo e, and a zunner newly come out of Eng. 
Lande, and alſo ſixtie and ſiue hopes with fo many Caflacks to guide them, ann 50. gunuet in 
garde, which brought pꝛouiſion of vittuals, xt. And were ſent by the Duke to fetche the good tq 
Aftracan, The meeting ofthat e Swe hg 15 

The Factoꝛs ſent backe with Amos Riall and the ſaide companie to fetche the goods, Tho. 
mas Hudſon, the matter, Tobias Paris his mate, and fo they the laide Factors and their compayie 
marchen on to the Vchooge, where they refreſhed chemſe lues that day, and the night fold. 


Anofromthente pꝛoceeded on tomards Aſtracan, where they arrined the laſt bay of Nauener. 


Theſe that went for the goods after their departure frome che Factors trauailen the ſame day bw 
till they came within 10. verits of the Chetera Babas, Yobere they reften thatnigbt. The nx 
moꝛuing by the bꝛeake of the day they departed thence, and beloꝛe noone were at the Chetera Ba. 
bas, where they taped all night; But peſently departed thence Thomas Hudſon, withthe 
Carpenter and gunner to fecke where the goods lap: who founde the fame, and the next day 
returned backe to their conipanpx, at the Chetera Babas, and declared vnto them in what ſoꝛt they 
had found the {atv goods, nasties parce 

The 2. day early in the morning they departes all from the 4: Babas towards the faive roong, 
and the fame day did lade all the goods they could finde vpon the ſaid leds, and with al conuenient 
ſpeede returned backe towardes Aſtracan. And when they came to the Chetera Bougori, whett 
they reſted the nighe, in the mozming very early befone the bꝛeake of dap, they were alſaulted by 
a great compante of the Nagays Tartars honſemen, which came ſbowting and hallowing witha 
great noyle. but our people were fo inuironed wich the fleds, that they durſt not enter vpon them, 
but ranne by, and ſhotte their arrowes amongſt them, and hurt but one man in the head, who was 
à Ruſſe, and ſo departed pꝛeſently. Det when it was day, they ſhewed themſelues a good diftance 
offfrom our men being u very great troupe of them, but did not aflaule them any moꝛe. The fame 
dap dur men with thole cariages, depatten from thence towards Aſtracan, where they arriued in 
ſafetie the 4. ol December, about 3. of the clocke inthe after noone s where our people greatly res 
ioyted of their great good haype to haue eltaped ſo many hard euents, trouble and miſerieg ag 
they did in that voyage, and had great cauletherefore to pꝛaiſe the Almightie, who had fo mercifut 
ly pꝛeſerued and deliuered them. They remained the winter at Aſtracan, where they found great 
kauour and kriendchipokthe Duke, Captaine and other chiele officers of that place: But that wir 
ter there happened na great matter worth the noting. 5 
An the ſpꝛing of the peere 1581. about the mids ol Watch the pre was bꝛoken vp, and tlem 
gone before Aſtracan, aud the ninth of Apzill hauing all the goods that were returned from the 
parts ol Media laben into a Strooge, the Factors, William Turnebull, Matthe we Taileboyes 
Giles Crowe, Chriſtopher Burrough, Michael Lane, Laurence Proufe gunner, Randolfe Foxe, 
Th. Hudſon, Tobias Parris, Morgan Hubblethome the dier, Ric. the ſurgean, Rob. Golding., John 
Smith, Edward Reding carpenter, and William Perrin gunner, Mauing alſo 40. Ruſſes, whervol 
26. were Caſſacks to rowe, the reſt Marchants paſſengerg departed from Aftracan with the lad 
Strooge and goods vp the Volga towards Veraſlaue. They left bebinde them at Aſtracan, with 
the Eng lich goods ¢ Marchandile there remayning, Amos Rial, W. Wincol, and Richard elfe, 
and appointed them to fell x barter the lame, o fo much thereok as they tould to che Tiſiks ithete 
came any thither that ſpꝛing, and to others as they might, the ret with ſuch as they ſhould tut 
in exchange to returne vp to Yeraflaue that ſummer, when the Emperours carriage ſbould pale 
vp tothe Volga. The 21 day they came with their Strooge tothe Perauoloke, but made no flay 
at that place :toʒ they had bene much troubled with pce in their connning from Aftracan, The 3, 
of May about noone they came to Oucke,and fromebence proceeding vp the riuer, on the 1749 
William Turnebul depatten fromthe Strooge in a final boate, and went before towards Tetuſa 
to pꝛouide victuals, and ſende downe to the Strooge from which plate they were then about 230, 
bertts, Che 23, day they mette a boate with victuals, which William Turnebull ſent from Te- 
tuſha, and the fame dap they arriued with theit Strooge at Tetuſha, where they Mayen all night, 
and the next moꝛning betimes veparted thente, b J. Turnebull was gone in the ſmall boat be: 
fore to Cazan, to pꝛouide neteſſaries from thence, and to make way fo their nitpatch, The 26, 
day they arriuen with their Strooge at Cazan, where they remapnen till the fourth of June :the 
Factors ent Giles Crowe from Cazan to the Moſco, withtheir letters the ; o. of May. The 
fourth day of June they departed from Cazan with their Strooge, and arriueb at Veraſlaue the 
22. day about 5 ,of the clocke in the moꝛning. ; 
The 23. day they pꝛouided Tele gos, to carry the goods to Vologda: The 24. mies 


29. William 
Colmogtost 
t lune fron 


the fame 
16, of Julp, e 
almott laden 
Che 25. d 
Che 26. d. 
went Willian 
ofthe Perfia t 
am Bigat, and 
ps 11.0 
Nicholas, and 
fin, thereof 
ther and were 
tember:from 
hought newe 
The 25. of 
thoped before | 


Obfert 
Hers | 


Michael Arch 


The Englifh 
in Colmogro 


Recola. 


Yeegris, 


Towlma 


Vologhda. 


vologhas. 
Tereſlaue. 


Swyaskagoro 
Ouſlona Mo 


Tetuskagor 0 
Oueeke, 
Aftacan, 
Aftracan. 


r Burrengh, 
e they mett Amos 
lycome out of Eng; 


AND 50, gunnerſ 


abc Tho. 
and their companie 
the night following. 
dap of Mouember, 
— 1 
night. The 
at the Glen 
s Hudfon, withthe 
nD the vert day 
em in what Lore they 


fr ds the ſaide goods 
d with al conuenieng 
era Bougori, where 
ey were aſſaulted by 
d hallowing witha 
ot enter vpon them, 
in the head, who was 
ues a good diſtance 
pmore, The ſame 
phere they arriued in 

r people greatly res 
ble and miſeries as 
who had fo mertiful 
ere they found great 
ace: But that win 


oken vp, and cleate 
e returned from the 
tthe we Taileboyes 
ner, Randolfe Foxe, 
Rob. Golding, lohn 
40. Ruſſes, wuhertof 
tracan with the ſad 
mat Aſtracan, with 
and Richard Relfe, 
to the Tiſiks, ifthere 
as they ſhould take 
atriage thould palle 
ke, but made no lay 
n Aſtracan. The 3, 
riuer, on the 17.0 
1e towards Tetutha 
re Chen about 230, 
ebull fentframTe- 
ey Mayen all night, 
nthe final boat be: 
sifpatch, The 26, 
fourth of June the 
4 30. of May. The 
ed at Veraſlaue the 


Lhe 24. dap hauing 
be 24. Dap 17 


i (boriftofer Barrougl. of the Engliſ nation, 


shegtons laden vpon Tele gos hex ne parted mühthe ſyme comarys Vologhda, ann remained 
chere ue verſten from Neraſlaue. 8 

Che 29, dap rbep tarhe to Volo ghd, with all heit goods in ſfadtie, nm grod oer. Che fame 
29. William Turnebull, and Peter Garrard, depatted from Vologhda, poſt by water towards 
Colmogto:the third of July, hauiug their goods laden in a mall ike, they departed with 
thefame from Vologhda towards Roſſe 7 S. Nicholas, where they artiued in fafetie the 
16, of Julp, and founbe there the Agents ol Ruſſia aud in the Rove the ſhips (enc out of England, 


almott laden ready to depart. 0 8 . 5 

Che 25. day Departer’ for Englanv (out of the rode of S. Nicholas) the ſhippe Elizabeth. 

Che 26, day depatteb thence the Thomas Allen, and Marie Sufan, and in the Thomas Allen 
went William Turnbull, Matthew Tailboys, Thomas Hudſon, and others. Che goods returned 
ofthe Perſia vopage, were laden into the ſhippe, Willlam, and Iohn,tobereof was Matter Willi- 
am Bigar and in her diththe fame goods, came Peter Garrard, and Tobias Parris, i 

Che 11. of Augull che lame ſhippe being laden, and ditpatchen, Departed ftom the rode of S. 
Nicholas, and with her in n another of the compantes fraighted fips, called the Toma- 
fin, whereol was Matter Chriſtopher Hal. In theit returne home wards, they had forme foule wea · 
thet, ind were feparaten at the ſea, che William, and John, put into Newcaftle, the 24. uf Sep⸗ 
timber: rom whence the ſaid Peter Garrard, and Tobias Parris, came to London by lande, and 
hought newes of the arriuall of the ſhippe. 

The 25, of September, boththe fain ſhippes arriued at the port of London in ſafetie, and ane 
thozed befoze Limehouſe, and Wapping, where they were diſcharged, 1581, 


Obſeruations of the latitudes and Meridian altitudes of di- 
uers places in Ruſia from the North to the South. Anno 158 1. 


1 Meridian altitude obſerued at Michael the Archangel, 42. degrees, 0. 
Michael Archangel. minuts. f oe : 
The true latitude, 64. degrees, 54, . i 
The Englithhoufe ¶ The Englith houle in Colmogro, in latitude, 64.0. 25. m. i 
in Colmogro. padi geen on eae ee 5m. 
IJ Per de the 30. of July,. d. 46. m. 

Recola, 4 Derlination, 16.5.6 m. Told, 

. T Peridian, 4. of Auguſt, 4 r. 5.50. m. 
Yeegris, + linati on Aoreherlp,1 40, 4 9. m. 62. d. 59. m. 
Towlma Meridian altitude the 1 5. ul Auguſt. 40.5. 45m. J. 6 n 

m Declination . e e 

Meridian altitude, che 20. of Augult, 40. d. 

Vologhds. Declination knee ag are bss d. 7m. 

1 Meridian altitude, 2 1.0 395.36. m. 
V ologhda. 5 Declination, d. d. 6m, N 7 59. d. 20, m. 
2 f J Xatituve by gelte, 57 d. 50. m. 

J Peridian altitude, 2 1. September,; 1,0, 
Swyaskagorod. 1 Declinacion,2.0.§ ere, g ’ : 1 56. d. 4. m. 
„ § Meridian altitude, 23. September, 3 0.5.26. m. 

Ouflona Monafterie.} Declination, 3.0.43, N Isa. r. m. 


F 3 $5.0.224Mte 


Tetuskagorod, . an 
Meridian altitude, 5. October, 30.5. 1 2. m. 
Oueeke, D K clination, 8 d. 18. m. 1 a p 5 I d. 3 O. mt. 0 
f Aſtracan Meridian altitude, 2 2. October, 29.50.36. m. 
Aftrac an, Deelir ration, 1 40, 1 6m. ‘ 7 2 Nasa. Io. m. 
Aſtracan. 8 Ae e an Taenom. 
2 iy Certaine 


454. The voyagesand diſcoueries MM. Riebard Hakluyt, 
Certaine directions giuen by Maſter Richard Hakluyt of the 


middle Temple, to Mafter Morgan Hibblerborne, yer: ent in 
to Periia, 1579. g 5 


1 fe Dochar England bach che ben ragllemd cloth of the wobld and fop thatthe . cloebes 
E otcche nealme baue no good vent, if good dying be not added; therefore it is much 
obe wichen chat che dymg of foren Conntreies were ſeeue, to the ende that te ane 
or ping map be browse into the Realme in greateſt exce lencie fon thereof till fl 

Lowe honour to the Nealme and great and ample vent of our clothes: and af che vent of clothes, 

will followe the ſetting of our poope on woꝛke, in all degrees of labour in clothing and dring stop 

which cauſe moſt pꝛincipallp, vou are ſent ouer, at the charge of the Cities and therefore fo» the 
fatiffping of the Loꝛdes, and of the expectation of the Merchant, and of pour companie, it 
behodues pou to haue care to returne home with more knowledge, then pou carricdout, 

2 The great dearthof clothes is a great let in the ample vent of clothes, and the price of 

a cloth, fop a fifth, ſirth, aud ſeuenth part riſeth by che colour and dying: and cherefone to deuiſeto 

vpe as good tolours with the one halbe of the pꝛeſent pꝛice, were to the great commoditteol the 

Realme, by ſauing of great treaſure in time to come. And therefore pou mult haue great care w 

haue knowledge of the materials of all the Countreie g that pou ſhall pafle thꝛough, that maybe 

vled in dying, be they hearbes, weedes harkes, gummes rarths . oz what els ſoeuer. 

3 In Perſia pou ſhall finde carpets ot courſe thommed wooll, the beſtof the woylde, anp 
excellently coloured: thofe Cities and Townes, you mutt repaire to, and pou muſt vſe meanes 
to learne all che oer of the dying of thoſe thrommes, which are fo died, as neither raine, wine, 
non pet vineger, can ſtaine: and ik you may attaine to that cunning, vou ſhall not neede tofeare 
b . Fa if the colour holde in parne, and thꝛomme, it will holde much better in 
cloth. 
4 Fa; that in Perſia, they haue great colouring of ſilkes, it behonues pouto leame that 
alfo, for that clothe dying, and filke dying, haue a certaine affinitie, aud pour Perchants 
ape to bring much rawe ſilke into the Realme , andeherefine it is moze requifice pou leame 
the ſame. TEN 

5 An Perſia, there are that eine linnen clothe: it is not anuſſe you learne it, if vou can: it 
hath bene an olde trade in England, whereof fame extellent clothes pet remaine: but che arte is Bagh: 
now lolt, and not to be found in the Realm. one oe feria 

6 They baue a cunning in Perſia to makem Bulking of Spanithieather, flowersof map ped 11 
kindes in moſt liuelp colours, and thefe the Courtiers doe weare there tolearue which arte were At ptt) a 
no harme. . 1 1 ve 

7 ‘Sfanp DierofChinap of the Catt partes of the woꝛld, be to be found in Perſia, acquaint 
pour felfe with him, and learne what you may of him. a 

8 Dou ſhall nde Any le there, if vou tan procure the herbe, chat it is made of either by ſerde, 
oz by plant, to carry into England, you fhay doe well to endeuour to enrich your Countrey with 
the ſame :but withall learne you the making of the Anyle, and if pou tan get the hearbe, von 
map ſende the fame dꝛye into England. loꝛ poſſibly it groweth here already. ' 

9 Returne home with you all che materials and fubfances, that they dye with all in Ruſſa, 
and allo in Perſia, that pour companie may ſee all. f 

10 In ſome litle pot in pour lodging. I with you to make daily trials in your arte as pou {hall 
from time to time learne ounbe among then. 

11 Set downe in writing, whatſoeuer pou lhall learne from day to day, leaſt you {ould fr. 
get, oz leaſt God ſhould calt you tu his mertie, and by tach returne, I wilh pon fende in whiting 
whatſdeuer por haue learn ed, oꝛ at the leaſt keepe the fame fafe in your coffer, that come death, or 
lite, your Countrey map enioy the thing that you gve fo2, and not loſe the charge, and trauell bes 
ſtowed in thts cafe, N 

12 Learne you there to ſxe, and make ſure the colour to be giuen by logge wood: lo thal we 
not neede to buy ade fo deere, to the enriching ofour enemies. 

13 Enquire of the price of Leckar, and of all other things belonging to dying. 

14 In any wile {er downe in writing atrue note, from whence euery of them doe come, and 
where and in what Countrey each of them both growe. Jmeane wohere the naturall place ofeach 
of them is, as how neere to ſuch a Citie, oz to fuch a Dea, oz to luch a portable Riner, in Ruſſis, 

Pecfia,op ele where. 1 

15 


ard Hakluyp, 


rahe ine 


U for thatthe 8 
therefoze it 425 
the ende that the ane 
thereof will lol 
che vent of Clothes, 
thing and dying: 
and therefore fo the 
t pour Companie, it 
u carried out. 
es, and the price of 
therefone to ae 
at commoditte of the 
see ane 
ough, that may be 
euer. ; 
tof the wonlde, aud 
ou muſt vſe meanes 
either raine, wine, 
ll not neede tofeate 
olde much better in 


es pouto leame that 
d pour Merchants 
> requifice pou ltarnt 


rneit, if vou can: it 
dine: but the arte is 


er, flowers of many 
une which arte were 


d in Perſia, acquaint 


de of either by ſerde, 
our Countrey with 
get the hearbe, pon 


ve with all in Ruſſa, 
our arte as vou (all 
leaſt pou ſhould ix 
ott ſende in writing 
that come death, og 
unge, and crawell bes 
e wood: fo ſball we 


ping. 

hem doe come, aud 
iturall place of each 
le Riuer, in Rufha, 


15 N 


Pet & Fackman. 


potnted for pour great 


oftheEnglifhnation. 155 


15 bete pour returne pou could procure a ſngulat good twopkeman, iu the arte of Cure 
nip carpet making, you thouto hing the ame inca this Realme , and alſo thereby increale twopke 
to pour company, 


Commiſs ion giuen by Sir Rowland Hayward, Knight, and 


George Barne, Aldermen and Gonernours of the company of Englifh 


Merchants, for difcouerie of newe trades,ynto Arthur Pet, and Charles lac 1 
man, for a voyage by them to be made, for diſcouerie of Cathay, 
1580. in forme following. 


nn the name of God Almightie, and euerlaſting. Amen. This whiting fo come 
million Tripartite, made the twentieth day ol May, Anno Domini, 1580. and 
4 inthe two and twentieth peere ofthe raigne of our Soueraigne Lae Eliza- 
bech by the grace of God, Queene of England, Frante, and Ireland, defender 
3 By of the faith, cc. Berweene Dir Rowland Hayward, Knight, ¢ George Barne, 
Aldermen of the Citie ok London, and Gouernours of the companieot Englith 
en diſcouerie of newe trades, for the behoofe, and in the name of the laid compante, un 
the lirſt partie, and Arthur Pet of Ratclife, in the Countie of Middleſex, Captaine, Paſter, and 
chiele ruler of the good barke, called the George ol London, of the burthen of 40. tunes, oꝛthere⸗ 
ibouts on the fecond partie, and Charles Iackman of Popler, in the ſaide Countieof Middleſex, 
Captaine,Hatter,and Rulerofthe good barke, called the William of London, of the burthen ol 
10. tunnes, oz thereabduts, (which barkes are nowe riding at anker in the riuer ort Thames a 
gaint Limehouſe) on the third partie: witneſſeth, that the laid Gouernours, and companie, bau 
diredthe ſaid Arthur Pet to ferue in the ſaid barke, called the George, with nine men aud a boye: 
Qno like wile the ſaid Charles Iackman, to ſerue in the ſaid barke, called the William , with fine 
men and a bope, fo a voyage by them to be made by Gods grace, for ſearch —.— ofa 
pallage by fea from hente bp Boroughs ſcreights and the Aland Vaigats,Cattwards,co the coun: 
fries 02 dominion of the mightie Wrince,che — anv inthe fame bu the cities 
Cambalu em Quinfay opto either ofthem. 
Pe obese palſage ( vpon authoꝛitie of twriters,and great reafon) is conceaued tu be kum the 
vos ts Ealtwards accopding tothe deſtription in plac of ſpirall lines, made bp maſter Willi- 
rough, tohereof either of the ſaſd Arthur Pet, and Charles Iackman, haue one deliuered 


vit them and allo one other failing carde, ada blanke plat lo eicher of them. But ikit ſbould 


nur be in all points, accoꝛding to that deſtription, vet we hope, that the continent oz firme land ot 
Aa doth not ſtretch it fetfe lo karte Nozthwa t kharthere may be founda eee 
letineene the latituve of 70. and 80. degrees. Anvtherefnne we haue with theſe 
two barkes to make triall of the ame : wilhing pou both to ioyne in pie, as moff 
deere friendes,and bꝛothers, to all purpoſes and effects, to the furtherance and oꝛderly performing 
ofthe lame vopage. And like woiſe onder pour companies chat they ol * ſuch 
lar end care to helpe and {uccour them of the other, as moſt deere kriendes and bothers woulde 
bot foasit may appeate,that though they be two barkes, andtwo companies, ( which is fo ap⸗ 
greater comozt and alſutance) pet that vou are wholy of one minde, and 

i{elues to the vttermolk of pour powers, to perfopme the thing that you are both employer 


eee in yout Daflp ferutce um ay ents God, fo ſhall you pꝛoſper the 
weet tho mee often together to talke,conferre, confult,andagree bowe, and by 
ö beit ee cal e eee eee Nichol And at ſuch 

75 pots pour mater, and alſo Nicholas Chanceler, 


vou m 
an we of aba oat 

Keepe atcompt of che merchandise pou ſhall buy, op fell, 

pode ached en —.— God ſpould diſpoſe of eicher ol you pet they map 

ren und ko wledge howe to deale in your place o places. Ann ot all pour al- 

ee them 1 * — —— — eae acon 
ta it at vou ole, 

burke one U vb nytt Archit 1 83 ee — — in 


top, and Chath § Tactman zn the William, a8 goodopert to be taken 
ien eh cat a 
bab üghethe dm ! Ae eat pou so een about en g . 


a — —— — . — . 
436 The voyages and diſcoueries Pet, & Jackman, 


fome riuer, when and where pou may certainly appoint to merte together againe, we referre cx 
fame to pour good diſcretious. 
And nowe loꝛ pour good direction in this voyage, we would haue pou with the next good tiny 
and weather that God ſhall fend thereunto mette and tonuenient, after the 22. day of this pretent 
moneth of May ſaile from this riuer of Thames, tothe coal of Finmarke, tathe Une 
there. on to the Wardhouſe, and from thence direct pour courſe to baue ligtt ok Willoughbies 
land, aud from it alongtt tothe Noua Zemla,keeping the fame lands al wales in pout 
on pour larbooꝛdlides (if conuenientlp pou map) to the ende pou may diſcouer, whether the fame 
Willoughbies land be continent and firme land with Noua Zemla,o2 not: notwithttanding wee 
would not haue you to entangle pour ſelues in any Bape, oz otherwile, ſo as it might binder pour 
ſpeedie preceeding to the Iſland Vaigats. 
And when pou come to Vaigats, we would haue you to get fight ofthe maine landof Samoe- 
da, which is ouer againſt the South part of che fame Iſland, and from thence with Gods permit. 
fion,to patle Eaſtwards alongſt the fame coatt,keeping it alwaies in pour fight (if conuenientiy the way a cont 
vou map) vntill pou tune to the mouth of the riuer Ob, and when pou come vnto it, paſſe duer the Afaghis ſumn 
ſaide riuers mouth vnto the bon der of land on the Cat five of che fame (without any ſtape to be b 
made for ſearching inwardly in the fame river) and being in fight of the fame Catterly land, doe 10 pon can, ant 
vou in Gods name pꝛoceede along by it. from thence Ealtwards, keeping the fame alwaieson gomzes, dec. d 
pout ſtarboomſide in ſight, if vou map. and followe the tracte of it, whether it incline Soutkerlyo, on chiefe Goue 
Nottherly (as at times it may doe both) vutill pou tome to the Countrep of Cathay, on the domi: shereof antwer 
nion of that mightie erour. 0 N chandife and ce 
And if God profper pour vopage, with ſuch good ſurceſſe, chat vou may attaine to the fame, them to haue, e 
doe you ſerke by all meanes poucan, to arriue to the Cities Cambalu, and Quinſay, 0} to the Irpou ſo ha 
one of them. But if it happen that pots can not conueniently come to either of thoſe places, op Gall 
be miut to remaine ¢ winter in ſome other port op place of his dominion, do pou {eeke by al mean 
poſſible to winne fauour and liluug of the people, by gifts and friendly demeanes towards them, 
and not to offer violence, o doe wong toanꝝ people o7 nation whatfoeuer,but therein to bee inno⸗ 
cent as dooues, pet wilie as ſerpents, to auai miſchiefe, and defend pou from hurt. And when yon 
hall haue gotten friendſhip though pour difcreete coding of pour ſelues, towards the people, 
doe vou learne of them what youtan of their Mine, and ſhewe them one of the Queeneg 
ieſties letters, which fhe ſendeth with you (bp either of you one, made of one fubfanceandefter 
for ech ok you particularly) mitten in Latine, whereunto her Maleſtie harb fubfcriben, and tauſtd 
her ſignet ſeale to be fet; che ellece ul · the Game laters pou haue allo witten in Eng lilh, ie vorn 
otune vnderſtanding there!. A 35895 : 
Epe ſame ber aietties letters von hall procure to deliuer vnto che ſame mightie prince, m 
Gouernour with ſome prefent to be giuen ſuch ag you (hall chinke meete, and conuenient, vun 
pour ſelues in all pointes attoing tothe effect of the ſame letters, and pꝛocure againe fromede 
fame prince, his letters accoming xs. A ice 
And it God fo molper your. voyage chat pou may this ſummer pale the Htreights, anden 
pale about the Noꝛthermoſt land of Aſia unta the Countrey of Cathay o dominion of that mig 
tie Hinte, and wintring in it, map obtaine from bim his letters al priviledge againt the un 
perres {pring pou map chen alter pour lirſt ſetting fooptl; {earch and diſcauer ſome what further 
then ou had dilcouered before your tuintering, fo farre a vou ſball tlenke conuenient, wühre 
gard had, and al waies pꝛouided, that vou may returne home hither, to giue vs aduice of pour pe 
ceedings the fame ſummer oi before che ſbaryenes yr extremitie ol winter quertake vou. 
And i it happen you cannot this lummer attaine to the bower ok Cathaye, and pet finpethe 
chen porene on pour nnn (in er Gs) eam he pmpcursaee fare Pour 
on pottr di ie (as beige ſaid the fare continent, ſo farre as pow am 
this ſummer · bauing tare in the trauelt dind aut ſume cormenient harbo om and place, where pow 
may wintet: and when pouthinke ir cduuenient: put your ſelfe to wintering, where ik you happe 
ta ſinde people, you ſball deale wichthem . as we haue befode aduiſed neu, to doe wichthe people 
Cathay, ¢c, And if num can learne that they haue a Princeoa chiefe Goucenout,dae 11 0 
deliver onto the fume Wrinre o goueruour,eueof heMmeenes Paleclies letters as betore fa, 
am ſeeke to obtaine againe bis letters accopving lyst von ſ happen ta toutes and obtaine letters 
eee 
a 1 ' may be h 14 vnto vs (as we v f 
the lame wil pe soar e e 
Coy the grace nf Gov) ct pour in cauing qt of pour Mntering batbogoush, 


Lachman, 
dune, we referee ch 


. da 8 

» tathe 

1 ** Wiler 
alwaies in pour 
rhe 
ot withitanding wet 
it might binder your 


aine Landof Samoe- 
e with Gods permit. 
bt (ik conveniently 
vnto it, paſſe ouer the 
but any ſtaye to be 
e Eaſterly land, due 
ed 1 aan 
neline Do L 
Cathay, onthe dam 


attaine to the fame, 
Quinfay , 0} to the 
thoſe places, oy ſhall 
ou ſeeke by al meang 
panes towards them, 
At therein to bee inn 
hurt. And when pou 
towards the people, 
the Queenes 
ſubſtante and efter 
ubſcribed and cauſed 
n Engi, fa n 


might Bunt . 
ADconuentent, bling 
cure againt from the 


Dtceights, am 
minion 9 25 

againſt the wen 
ehomewön tie 
onuenient, vithre⸗ 


j aduice of pour pe 


| Pet, & Lackman. of the Englifh nation. 


tracte ol land to Cathay, if pou fee like lihoode to palle it (fo that is the Countre that wee 
chiefly delire to diſcouer) and ſeeing you are fully victua led foꝛ two pecres and vpwards, which 
you map vety well make to ſerue you lo: two peeres and a halfe, though you finde no other helpe, 
you map cherefone be the bolder to aduenture in proceeding vpon pour diſtouerie: which if you da, 
ver doubt not, but pou thall atchieue the Countrep of Cathay, and del iuer to the Hinte there, one 
her Maieſties letters, bunging from thence the fame Hinces letters anſwerable: ¢ ſo in the 
our Lcd, 15 8 2. returne home with good newes, and glad tidings, not one ly vnto vs the 
13 in this voyage, but alſo to our whole Countrep, and nation, which God grant you 
doe, Amen. 
ptt iki happen chat the land of AGia from beponp the riuer Ob, extend it elfe Nonthwards to 
So, degrets o neerer the pole, whereby pou Gude it to leade you into that extremitie, that {mall, 
ini hope may be looked for, to ſalle that watesto Cathay, doe you not withſtanding followe 
thecracte of the fame land, as farre as pou can diſtouer this ſummer, bauing care to finde out by 
the way a conucnient place for pou to winter in, the which (if you may diſcouer the fame lande of 
Alia this ſummet to extend it ſe lte to 80. degrees of latitude, and vpwards, oz to 85, degrees) we 
with eben that che ſame pour wintring place map be in the riuer of Ob, op as neere the fame riuer 
as pou can, and finding in ſuch wintering place people, bethepy Samoeds, Yowgorians, 03 Mol- 
gomxes, &c. do you gentlp entreat with them as aloze laid, x if pou can learne p they haue a prince 
inchiefe Gouernour amongſt them, doe pou deliuer him one of her Maleſties letters, and procure 
thereof anſwere accoꝛdingly: doe pou procure to barter and exchange with the people, of the mer; 
chandife and commodities that pou ſhall carie with pou, for ſuch commodities as vou ſhall linde 
them to haue, ec. 

you ſo happen to winter, we would haue vou the next ſummer, to diſcouer into the riuer Ob, 
fofarre as conuen iently pou may: And if pou ſhall finde the ſame riuer ( which is reported to be 
hide byoade) to be alfo nauigable and pleaſant fog pow, to trauell farre into, happelp pou 
map tome to the Citie Siberia, oꝛ to ſome other towne o2 place, habited vpon oʒ neere the boꝛder ok 
t yndthereby haue liking to winter out the ſecond winter: vle pou therein pour dileretions. 

But if pou finde the ſaid riuer Ob to be ſholde, oz not Mich as you may conueniently trauell in 
nich pour barkes, doe pou then the next ſummer returne backe dough Boroughs ſtreights: And 
ftom that part of Noua Zembla, adioyning to the fame ſtreights, dae pou come alongſt the tracke 
ofthat coatt Meſtwards keeping it on the ſtarboꝛd ide, and the fame alwaies in fight, if tonueni 
tntlp pou may, vntill pou come to Willoughbies land, if outwards bound, pou ſhall not happen 
todiſcuer and trie whether the ſain Willoughbies lande iopne continent with the fame Noua 
Lembla,op not. But if pou (hall then proue them to be one firme and continent, you map from No- 
taZembla dtrett pour courte vnto the ſald Willoughbies land, as pou ſhall thinke good, and as 
keumap moſt conueniently: and from Willougbies land. you ſhall pꝛoccede (U eſtwards along 
the teact of it, (though it incline Noꝛtherly) euen ſo karre as vou map o; can trauell, hauing re⸗ 
gatochat in conuenient time pou may returne home hither to London fo wintering. 

Aud ſoꝛ pour opderlyp palling in this voyage, and making obſeruations in the fame , we referre 
tothe inſtructious giuen by Maſter William ante whereof one copie is annexed vnto 
chelirtt part of this indenture, vnder our ſeale, foz vou Arthur Pet, an other copie of it is anuexed 
ttle fecond part of this indenture, vnder our ſeale alſo, o pou Charles lackman, and a third coe 

chereok is annexed vnto the third part of this indenture, remaining wich vs the {aid companie, 
laled and ſub ſrribed by the ſaid Arthur Pet, and Charles Iackman. 

Andto the obſeruing of all thiugs contained in this commiffion, (ſa neere as God will permit 
MEgrace thereunto) I the laid Arthur Pet, doe coucnant by theſe prefents, to perfoyme them, and 
eutty part and partell thereot. And the ſaid Charles Iackman, doe ſo my part like wile coues 
. prefents to perfoꝛme the ſame, and euery part hereof, fo nere as God will giue me 


Anvin witnes therof thele indentures were lealed and delivered accondingly, the day and peere 
kal aboue written. Thus the Lo God Almightie ſend you a profperous voyage, with happie fice 
telle and Cafe returne, Amen. 

Inftructions 


457 


458 The voyages and difcoueries Pet & Fackman, 


Inſtructions and notes very neceſſarie and needefull to be ob. 


Jerued,in the purpofed voyage for difcouerie of Cathay Eaftwards, 
by Arthur Pet, and Charles Iackman. 
ben vou cometo Orfordneſſe, (if the winde doe {ere ou to goe a ſeabou 
: aN I fy fands) doe pou {et of from thence, aud note the time diligently of band 
N gaint ehe laid Neſſe, turning then pour glaſſe, whereby pou intend to heege 
WNW) V7/Aw your courinuall wat cb. aud appoint ſuch courfe as pou {hall thinke god, 
7 V ding as the wind ſerueth you ꝛand from that time foptwards continually (if pour 
Chip be lole, vuder latle, a hull 02 trie) do pou at the ende of euerp 4 glaſtes atthe 
leaſt (except calme) found with pour diplin lead. and note diligeutly what depth pou unde and. 
ſothe ground. But it it bappen bp lwiftnes ol the ſhiypen wap, op otherwile, that pow can noe ger 
ground, pet note what depth pou did pꝛoue, and could finde no ground (this note is to be obferued 
all your voyage, as well outwards as home wards. ) But when you come vpon anp toat, dj doe 
finde any ſholde banke tu the ſea. you are then to ole pour leade oltener . as pou ſhall chinke it requi 
ſite, noting diligently the oꝛder of pour depth, and che beeping and ſholding. And ſo likewitedge 
pou note the depthes into harbozoughs . riuers, xt. 

Aud in keeping pour dead reckoning it is very necelſarie that you doe note at the ende ol eye, 

Nene to rote rp 4. glaſſeg, what may the thippe bath made (bp pour beſt proofes to be vied) and howe ber wap 
Jenna optge hath bene thzough the water, conlidering witdall fop the lage ofthe lea ro lerwards, ar 

— is lp as pou ſhall findeit growen: and alſo to note the Depth, aud what thinges woonth the noting, 
ning and other bappened in that time, wih allo the winde vyon tubat point pou flude it then, and of what furt, 
ablruatons. o; ſtrength it is, and what ſailes pou beare. 

But if pou ſbould omic to note thaſe things at the ende of euery 4. glaſſes, J would not haue 
8 flippe any longer time, then to note it diligently at the ende of eucrp watch y 8. glu. 

at the farthelt. 

Doe pou diligently obſerue the latitude as oſten, and in as many places as vou may pollible, 
and allo the variation of the compaſſe (efpeciallp when pou map be at thoare vpon aup lande) nos 
ting the — obferuations truelp, andthe place and places where, and the time and times oben 
pou doe the fame, 10010 tits: 

ben pou come to haue ſight of any coaſt oꝛ land whatſdeuer, doe pou prefently ſet the fare 
with pour failing compaſle, hom it beares off vou, noting pour tudgement bo we farre pou thinks 
it from pou ,rratuing alfo the forme of it in pour booke , howe it appeares vnto yon, noting dil 
gentlp bowe the higheſt, oz notableſt part hereof beateth off you and the extreames allo in fightof 

oy noting the the ſame land at bothende g, diftinguithing chem by letters, A. B. C. ec. Afterwards when pow 
Remote baue lailen 1. 2. 3. 0j 4. glaſles (at the moſt) nociug diligently that wap pou barke hath mare, 
land at fr and vpon what point of the compaſſe doe pou againe fet that fir laud ſeene, onthe partes theres, 
dlcvuerts. dc. that you fir oblerued if you can well perteauẽ op diſcerne them, and like wiſe ſuch other notable 
pointes oꝝ ſignes, vpon the land that you map then ſee, and could not perceaue at the firſt ame, di 
ſtinguiſhing it allo by letters fromthe other, and Draining in pour booke the ſhape of the fame 

land, as it appeareth vnto pou, and fo the third time, ec. 

And alſo in palling alongſt by any and euery coalt, doe you dame the manner of biting in ar e 
uery Baye, and entrance of euerp harboꝛough oz riuers mouth, withthe lying out ok euety point, 
oz headland, (onto the which pou map giue apt names at pour pleaſure) and make ſome marke in 
mawing the foꝛme and bozdet of the fame, where the high cliffs are, and where lowe lande ie, 
whether ſande, hils, o wondg,o2 whatſoeuer, not omittiug to note anything that map be ſeuſchle 
and apparant to pou, hich may ſerue to any good purpolt. If you carefully with great heede 
anddiligence, note the obſeruations in your booke,as aforeſaid, and afterwards make demon- 
ſtration thereof in your plat, you fhall ae 5 perceaue how farre the land you firft fawe, ot 

e partes thereof obſerued, was then from you, and confequently o e teſt: and allo how 
the partesthereofobferued, was then from you, and confequently ofall the feſt: and alfoh 
farre the one part was from the other, and vpon what pie or point of the compaſſe the one 
lieth from the other. : 

Aud when pou come vpon any coaſt where pou find floods and eb, doe pou diligently nose de 
time of the hig heit and lo welt water in euerp plate, and the flake oz Mill water of full ſea, ¢ lowe 
water, and alfo which way the flood doch runne, howe the tides doe let, howe much water it hieth, 

Fopoderning and what force the cide hath to wiue a ſhippe in one hoe, q in the whole tide, as neere as poucan 
of Seo and juDge it, and what difference in time pou inde betwerne the running of the floone , and the ebbe. 
And il pou finde vpon any coat the currant to runne alinates one way, doe pou alto note = 

? 


conuent 
fectly 


fucreffe, and li 
ter with port 


Certai 


Ag 


70 degrees, u 
01800 Engl 
Engliſh m 
and thirty 


patomned cicie 
902.400 It 
fdriuers mo 
aA pa 
ew on po 
chair the chig 


apr 
table freſh riu 
Tad, gt. aud e 
Cathay 0} Cl 
nity to 

MB OFC Init 


1 


00% 


> Fackman, 


ll to be ob. 
aitwards, 


to goe a feaboay the 
alp of pour betng 4. 
pou intend to herp 
Iehinke good, 
continually (if pour 
uerp 4. glaſſes atthe 
pth pou unde, ind 
that pote can not ger 
te is to be obferued 
Don any coaſt, oi doe 
Chall ebinke it requ) 
, And fo likernibedge 


e at the ende of ene 
1) and howe ber y 
er ward, accopdings 
wooith the noting, 
n, and of what force, 


8, J would not haue 
erp watch. o; 8. guſ⸗ 
is pou map polltble, 
upon aup lande) nos 
ime and times when 


neſently fet the fame 
owe farre pou thinks 


hath 
mebe partes thertel, 
e ſuch other notable 
e at the ſirſt ame, bb 
e ſhape of the fame 


ner of biting in ol e 
g out ok euery point, 

ake fome marke in 
that map be fenfible 
y with great heede 
ards make demon- 
d you firft fawe, ot 
e reſt: and alſo hom 
e compaſſe the ont 


u diligenclp note the 
er of full fea, ¢ lowe 
y h water it hieth, 


a Der aduiſe. ofthe Engliſh nation. N 
warp bots 


it feteech in euery place, and obſerue what fopce it hath co dziue a ſlippe iu ane houre, t. 
Item, as often, and when as pou map conuentencly come vpon anp land, to make obſcruation 
latitude and variation, gc. do pou alſo (if you map) with pour inſtrument, fo trying of di 


= obſerue the platfoꝛme olthe place, and ok as many things ( woꝛth the noting) as you may — — Lie ; 


then conuendencly fee from time totime. Thefe orders ifyou diligently obferue,you may there- plates within 
perfectly fet downe in the plats, that] haue giuen you your whole trauell and deſcription comvatte of 


5 difcouery, which is a thing that will be chiefly. expected at your hands. But withall Hg 


map not forget to note as much as pou can learne, vn derſtande oz perceiue, of the manner of 
thefoile, op fruitlulneſſe of euerp place and countre p po (hall came in, and of the mauer, (hape, ac: 
tire and dilpolition of the people, and of the cummodities they haue, and what they moft couet and 
nefire of the ¢ ies pou carrie with you. It behoueth you to giue trifling things vnto ſuch 
peopicas pou ſball happen to (ee, and to offer them all turtelle and friendſbippe you may o can, to 
inne thep? loue and fauour towards you, not doing oz olftring them any wong or hurt. And 
though pou would be offered wong at thep) hands, pet uot to reuenge the fame Lighelp, but by all 
meanes poſſible ſeeke to winne them, pet alwayes dealing vilely and wuh ſuch tircumſpection 
pou kerpe pour ſelues out at they dangers. ovis? Nel 
us J beleech God almighty to blelle pon, and pꝛoſper pour voyage with good and happie 
fucretfe, and fend pou fafelp to returne home againe, to the great ioy and reiopcing ol the aduentu⸗ 
tem with port, and of all pour kriends, and our whole countrie, Amen. 7 n 


By M. W.Burrough, or 


Certaine briefe aduiſes, giuen by Mafter Dee, to Arthur pet, 
aud Charles Iachnan, to be obſerued in their Northea erne 


diſcouerie, Auno 1580. Gu An 
138 
lez 


a i ; ote Cady it en 

ue reckon from Mardhoule to Colgoitue Illand oc miles in almoſt 20 
degrees difference onelp ol longitude very neere Caſt æ IAAtſt, and about the lati⸗ 
tude of 70 degrees and twa third parts: rom Colgoitue to Uaigats 200 
miles for 10 degrees differ ence, only in longitude, at 70 degrees of latitude allo: 
Frs Uaigets co che Wromontozic Cabin co degrees differente of longitude Sad 
Py OG syhole courte, on Khortett diſt ante being Cat and ell) in the latitude like wile uf 
Jo degrees, maketh 1 200 miles: then is ſumma totalis frõ Mardhouſetu Tabin 600 leagues, 
j idoo Engliſh miles. Cherefore allowing in a diſcouerv voyage for one day with another but 

o English miles it is euident that from Mardhouſe to Tabin che courſe may be failed eaſilp in 
be and thirty Daves sbut by Gods helpeit may be liniſbed in mich ſhozter time, both by helpe of 
Hindpolperans,and light continuall forthe time requiſit therunto. hn 


7 4 


Atulben pou are pat Cabin, oz come to the lengttude Of 142 degrees ag vour chart ſbeweth, by S. Der gut 
thee, foure, oy fine degrees further Eaſterly, it is probable pou ſhall finde the land on pour ine one 
thandrunne much Southerly and Eallward, in which tourſe pou are like either tu kall into making, which 


Fr 


daunned citie of Cambalu, and the mouth to be in latitude about 50 0254 degrees, and wi 

i 9.400 miles of Cambalu it ſelfe, being in the latitude about 45 degrees Southerly of the 
rniers mouth, oꝛ els that pou ſhall trend about the very Natherne and molt Eaſterly poiue of 

Al Afia, paſſiug by the pꝛouince Ania, and then in the latitude of 46 degrees, keeping till the land 
ew on vour right hand ( as neere as you may with ſalety) pou may enter into Quinſay hauen 
tate the chiefe eitx in the Not heren China, ag I terme it lo diſſinrtion ſake, ſrom the other better 


l. N. f 1 15617011 501 end «ut i bei 0 24 1 
Ade about eicher on both of cheſe two wwaxme places, von may tn arent good purpoſe be be 
Gwpicathe whole winter after your arrinall in sole quarters as ſometime by fea, ſometime in na. 
tablefreth riuers, ſometime in dilcreet view and noting downe the fituation of the cities wich 


e e eee 


1 61 55 faile duerto Iapan Illand, where pou ſhall Gude Cheiſſten men, Keſuits of many coli: 


MSOF Thitdendome ſome, and perhaps Come Engliſpenem, at whole hands poumaphaue grene 
: een and abu eim pomcatfayncain herd, ah 0 res eviLeanredy oh 
aaa 1 conti e e eee ende 


Gite 


459 


hol the famous riuer Occhardes, op ſume other, which pet J coniecture to paſle bythe rer on ae 
ithin 


4.60 The voyages and difcoueries 4.Rich. Hakluyp, 


Notes in writing, beſides more priuie by mouth, that were giuen 
by M. Richard Halo, of Eiton in the countie o Hereford, Eure 
Anno 1580: To M. Arthur Pet, and to M. Charles Jackman, ſent by the N 
merchants of the Mofcouie companie for the difcouerie of the North. 
eaſt ſtraight, not altogether vnfit for ſome other enterprifes 
of difcouerie, heerafter to be taken in hand. 


What reſpect of IMands is to be had, and why. 


Be Werasthe Woptingalles haue in they courleto they Indies in the Southern. 
7/@ certaine pores and fortifications to thꝛuſt into bythe wap, to diuers great 

Hix (cs: fo pou are to fee what Wlandes, and what portes pou had nerd to haue by 

eve in pour courte to che sorbent. Fon which caute J wich you tn my 

Wes lntoconfiveration of che macter,¢ to note all the Illands, andto fet chem dome 

: in plat, to two ends: that is to lay, That we map deuiſe to take the benetic bp 

them, And — ee bythem the Sauages op ciuill pices map in anp fort annop bonn 

our 


v. 

And for that the people to the which we purpole in this voyage to go, be no Chuttiang, it wert 
good that che mafle of our commodities were al wapes in our owne dilpolition, and not atthe will 
of others, Cherefore it were goodthat we did ſeeke out ſome [mall Bland in the Spcithian tea, 
where we mighe plane, foptifie and Maple fafely, from whence (as time Mout ſerue) we mighe 
feed chofe heathen nations with our commodities without clo ping them, oz without venturing om 
whole maſſe in the bowels of they: countrep, 

And to which Alland tueed were, y if we ſhould thinke fo good) we might allure the Woztheat 
naute, the nauie ol Cambalu to retort with e 
And il ſuch an Alland might be found lo Landing as might ſboꝛten our courſe, and fo ſtandi 
asthat the nauie ol Cambalũ a other thoſe parties might conuenientlp ſaile vnto without 4 

like in reſpect of diſtance, then would it fallout well. Foz fo, belldeg leſſe danger, and mige 
peony ds see tra dn be epee 
andozok. ’ ' 18 b } 

And if ſuch an Alland may be fos the ſlapling of our connnodities to the which they of Ce 
lu would not ſalle, pet we might, hauing ſbippes chere, implop them in palling berwene Cane 
lu and that ſtapling plate. ö 


Refpect of hauens and harbarowes. 


A Mikno (uch Illands may be found in che Drithian fea toward the firme of Alla, then are 
L \ porto ſearch out the pores that be about Noua Zembla, all along the tract of that land, tothe 
end pou may winter there che ſirſt peeve, if pou be let bycontrarie windes, and tothe end that if 
map in hone time come vnto Cambalu, and vnlade and fet ſaile againe for returne without vente 
ring, there at Cambalu, that you may on your way come as farre in returne as a port about Nous 
Zembla: that the ſummer following’ pou map the ſooner be in Englann forthe moze ſpeedy went 
of pour Catt commodittes, and fon thetpeedper diſcharge ol your mariner: iE you can not go fop 
ward and backe in one felfefame ſlummer. Ring hom 
Aud touching the tract ofthe lanbof Nous Zembla, toward che Catt out of the circle Artie abe! 
in the mozecemperate sone, pou are to haue regards fo? if you finde the foile planted wich people alts thet 
is like chat in time an ample vent ofour warme wollen clothes map be found, Aud ikthere beno chem 
people at all there to be ound, then pou ſhall ſpetiallie note what plentie of whales, and of other aud hing! 
lich is to be ſdund there tothe end we may turne our new found land fiching oꝛ Bland fithing op dur hall hade thes 
twhalefithing that wap, koz the ayd andcomfone of our new trades to the Noztheaſt to the coatts ul 5 


Refpect of fifh and certaine other things. 


„ ane ntap be found pon chat tract temperate, and the ſoile yeelding wood. twatet, 
14A and graſſe, and che ſeas fiſh hen we may plant on that maine the offals of our peoples 
the Boxingalles do in Byaill, ¢ fo they may in ourkifhing in ovr pallage,and diners twapes herd 
conenodicicto England by harbouring and victualling vs. a 


ch. Hakluy., 
— 
it hes giuen 


rd, Eure, 


ſent b 1 
. 


iſes 


vhy. 


es in the Soucheag, 
p diuers great 

had need to haue by 
fe I wih ou to mt 
mdto fet chem doum 
o take the benetic bp 
any fore anno voti 


o Chuſtians, it were 
1 and not atthewill 

in the Spcithian fea, 
utofeeue) we mig 
thout venturing ow 


allure the Montheal 
ten, g ey ho 


e en 


meee 
ſummner to the 


mecca 


cof Alla, then are 
t of that land, tothe 
to the end that fie 
urne without vente 

hg a port about Nous 
he moze ſperdy tent 
iE ou can not go fop 


of che ciecle Articke 
anted with people 
„Aud ikthere beno 
bales, and ok other 
land fiſhing oz dur 
peat tothe coats l 


elding wood wit 
fals of our peopless 
Diners twapes veel 


Aud 


m0 plencifullpas Ellen 


Fe vof the Engliſh nation. 46¹ 
gndit may be, thas the Sinaia e eee uwe: 


A Iflands co. be ania thei commodities and wants. 


Tagen e e ot a a Nee Ne 


fide, 0) of that d what wilde 


ay ay bev there feemeto bein che ame ape mutter to bulid toithalt, as fone free o rough, 


to make lime withall, and wood o 2 —— 
Fee and parbozaturs inche Bands, 


If a ſtraight be found what is to be done, and What 
great importance it it may be of. ) 


itehere be za ilghein the palage into the Deüthian Gasset i fecal and tuith 
oe to benoced,elpeciall ptf the fame ſtraight be narrow and to be kept. I ſay it iato 
fe necedvan thing that doch much imports fo what prince ſoeuer fhatl be Led of the fame, o (hall 
— lame, as the hing of Denmarke doch pollello the tteaighe of Denmarke, he onely ſhall 
danthe trade nut uf theſt regions into the Noꝛt heult parts of the woꝛld fop himſelle. and for bis pt: 
um Neolt, on ſubiects only oꝛto enioy woondertull beneſit of the toll of the fame, like as the 
un Danmeteg both entopot his Qraightes, by ſuffering the merchantes of other princes to 
pall chat way. It — {uch ſtraight be found, the eleuation, the high oz lowe land, the bauens 
neut, tir length ol the ſtraighes, m all other fuck citcumttances are to be fet downe fox many 
purpofes s and all the mariners in the voyage are ta be ſwome to keepe cloſe all ſuch things, that o · 
ee of the a eb the “eng of the ta anp 
lurhe ding Gould ö : 


Which way the Sani 1 may bernd able to purchal cour 
cloth and other their Wants. 


: Lea any Jümd opmaine land populous, andtbhnt the lame people bath nerde of cloth, 


ave pou to deuiſe what commodities they haue to purchale the fame withall. 

Ifthey be poore, then are you to confiver of the ſoile, and how by any ee 
lemme to inrich them that heerafter they may haue ſomething to purchale the cloth withall. 

Ayou enter into anp maine by portable riuer, and ſhall finde any great woods, you are to note 
hat linde ol timber they be of :that wwe may know whether they are ic pitch, tarre, mats, deale 
boyd, clapboozd, oꝛ fo buivingot Chips 0 519 lo r haue no vle ofthem they may 

bebo perhap sto pſe. 


Not to venture the loffe of any one man. 


Waun haue great care to pꝛeſerue your people, unte pour munbet! is fo mall and not to 
beutute any one man in any wiſe. 


To bring home beſides merchandize certaine trifle. 


Bais home with you( il pou may) from Cambalu, oz other ciuil plare ou opother pong man, 
although vou leaue one fo; him. d 
Allothe kruttes ofthe countries, ir they till nok ak themlelues dure, die them and ſo pꝛeſerue 


leb pou the curnels of pearesand apples, and the stones of luch tone fruits ag you 


Allo the feeds of all ſrange herbs and ſumnes, tor ſuch feeds of kruits and herbs comming from 
1 5 ofthe woꝛld, and ſo farre off, will delight the fancie of many, forthe ſtraugeneſle ¢ fo 

. eee pe ie d ag ate sen 
you arriue at Cambalu oꝛ Quinſap, to bring thence the mappe Cot 1 
pauethe perfect delcription whichis to great purpofe, mics 5 
Cehingthence fome old printed booke, o ler whethet hey baue had print there, lebe i was 
dead in Europe ng fone write, 1 1 
C 2 Qa 


Small dials e 
Opectatles o 
Devers ol C 


he voyages and diſcoueries M “Rich. 2 
]Io note their force by ſea and by land: 


af vo rein Canem d Ont, S a pecially ktheir Mauie, , 

sg apm nee singe. Wa Aah ena 
Alfo, to note the cote ball anh Balinese ir 

Ma Sa fo} 45 ree ur ofthe he ei ia 
= 


pikes, balberts, aud biltes, : 
— ne and what ligbe bonfes thep haue. 
Aud lothpougbout, to moto the koxceafth countrep hath by len and Seles 


Things to be marked to make coniectures by. 
12 take ſpetiall note of chem buildings, note masa ep is . — 


Allthe ſeuera 
mours at C 


9 1 
Co note thex fields of graine, and their trees of fruit, and how they aboun about 
— epee * ee ts : 


gard. Foz in fi 
toourpeople befi 
the hoſpitals of 


Things to be carried with you, whereof more or leſſe is to be 
carried for a ſbew our commodities to be made. i * 0 
Aviles of afl opient coulers, ſperiain of Mamell, bropecloey of opient coulers saute 
K sists, it, pnb pr oon a ’ abood, if pou 
onſteda, carels, ſaxen, 3 5 „ec. Marmelade. 
* f Ducket. 
— dem coulevedin tamell bbereifif anmie vent map be um, 4 
N c maxi in i vent ens of tly 
— — — by knitting. me _ Comkets of t 
e diſdlue. 
e e eee = 
0 co b 5 
dame houtnbe la in unt. eee eee Walnuts, 
Stocks of karlie of itters coulersMy men and oy werner, . Almonds, 
eee eo 
Gitdles o 5 tand v stoma 
waſte girdles ational ae The apple Fe 
cine tal sia amet, : Aue 
ues perfumed 4 e. 
ane insti oe, and Teather, of all maner of coulerg. Girls of got 
hoes of eae of burs cours, of pines Length, ut aubtincut, thera comming 
Ohobes oF other leather „ Duger- co nf 
Sci rer a be fent this cate, Pi ties 
ae ent this chne,racher fop a 
8 ot en os hele ak ſteheth the fpir 
a — of peweer fay a essa tae te tp seaman tow 
— ann Auperi Wat 
b Bune a 
Looking pina women, at and 0 U ith f 
. 9 oe Sami bP way 


‘ ** 
1 


rs within, 

ce that the fameis 
Ufo of heyy toantg, 
dund che purtalla, 


nathets, 


fay 
nfo ie a geht 
103 not abou i 


ſſe is to be 


gallo, 3 


e bs fpecially tlh 


be found, it wann 


, Reh. Hakluyt. ofthe Englifh nation. 


teeth the ſpirits of man. 


Small dials a fem fop proafe, although there they will not hold the oꝛder they do heere. 
Spectacles ol che conunon fope, , 
Ochers of Criſtall evimmen with Auer, and otherwiſe. 
Dowwre glaſſes. 
Combes of June. 
Combes of Boxe. 
Combes of Pope, 
Linnen of diuers forts, nel 
Humberthiltes with Hike of fextceall coulers wyougbe. 
Glazen eyes to ride with againſt putt, 
- Knives in ſheathes. both ſingle and double, ol good edge. 
Needles great and ſmall of euerp kinde. 
Buttons greater andſmaller, with moulds ot leather and not of wood, anp ſuch as be durable 
i double ſilkte, and that ok ſundzie coulers. ' 
Boxes with weights of golde, andof euery kinde of the coine of golde, good and badde, to ſhew 
that the people heere vſe weight e mealure, which is a certeine ſhew of wiledome, and of a tertame 
etnement ſetled heere. odd 
Allthe ſeuerall fuer toines of our Engliſh mon yes, to be carried with you to be ſhewer to the 
mours at Canibal i, which is a thing that all infilence ſyeake co wile men moze, chen por 


imagine. y eer 15 
Locks and kexes, hinge s, boltes haſpes, xc. arent and {mall of excellent woꝛkemanſhip, where 
ofif vent may be, heercakter tue ſhall fet our {ubiectes in wopke, which pow mut haue in great ree 
gard, Sop in Finding ample vent of any thug that tere de woughtin this realme, is more woßth 
toour people belides the gaine of the merchant, then Chꝛilichurch, Bꝛidewell, the Sauop, and all 
the potpitats of England. et Sligo 6 vod 94 1 


For banketing on fhigboord perſons of credit. 
nate bweetett perfumes to let onder hatches to make che place ſect ag in theyp commmingy 
Tan ene men fu fager grata not among Sauages, 
Marme ade. * 21 43 > ke : 
„Ducket. ffea sg Ft * y 
Figges barrellev. 6 
Neilens ok the ſunne. ral? 
Comfets of diuers kindes, made of purpole db bim that is moſt excellent, that (all not 


et! ity Of HOUT VG 


viffolue, 
runes vamafke, 
Odinga pintnS 101 19.20 pA 
Amonds. Denne n isa ane Jin: ayes 
aa 40 en n 
iucs to make them talte they; wi E 
The apple Jahn tha durethtno pater mike bets of bal Fruits. 
u any 8 A M eng te tte: 
“Sache, fHlit wich Wiha oe es peda , casera 
ials of good Iweet waters, and cattings hotties of glalſen to bet pinkle the getts withall after 
E 2 wa age 
„Auger, to ble m N 6 tes 1 Mel epee Py e An en eres pore? obet tee 
nn v 
the une doe mäße a Banketthne Uf andi Big at sabe tomozteth, andres 
U 
Cpnamom water F isto be von to tiake bp cafte, and alfotacomtnt your 
Simeratbaney - rte tee. ARE e an e 


Chew eu eben : lege amen. 

©) with the gittofthefe ABanmelanes in Cmmall bores, op final viold of funeet boaters pou 

te opto rtp eee te e 
ty 3 


‘ 
Med 


pede? 1 OD 


464. Ihe voyages and diſcoueries M. Rich. Hakluyt, 
| 8 The mappe of England and of London. 
F ——— 


And alſo the large mappe of London, to make ſhe wu of pour citie. And let che xiuer be maine 
„ to make the more ſhewol pour great trade and craffike in trade of mers 


Ortelius booke of mappes. 


I vou take Oꝛʒtelius booke ol mappes with you, to marke all theſe regions, it wer 
and if need were, to pꝛeſent the fame to the great Cam, fopit —— — 


account. 
The booke of the attire of all nations. 
. beſto we in gift, would be much elleemed, as Jperlunde 
- Bookes. 
Taub mm wil lens pou the nett perbell, audſuth bookes an nuhebeworherkes, planes, 


- piffering 5 from che ngs ofthot: eon cece pote fee them, e 
nme peta fee tote bann pen bp thks menne mill delight them. 


The booke of Rates. 


1 — v pekte ail ehofe cummttiegthereche 
cifien Wee e e een 


Parchment. 
doi ai ag fonthat we map bent much mien eee elt, dit lyesin 
{mall roome. 
Glew. 
C00 — toe aw plenie mptomver, 
Red Oker for Painters. 
To ſeeke vent beraule we haue great mines of it, and haue no bent, 
ape of both kindes. 
dere ae and nny pees ah 
Saffron. 


abe ige eee beſt of 
Se 2 : tet 


Aquauitæ. 
By nem beließ eee, 
Blacke Conie skinnes. 


toriereve gs a 
| esse een tee 


elt font 3 meane, 


heriuer be daun 
0 krade of mere 


it were not 
— 


ne, u pecan 


of her bes, p 

Cuan 
le parties ſo nuch 
n, by meane ofthe 


mnttieg there fe. 
7 pi RINGS 


ume, andit lyten 


b. Hakluyt, N 


5 aie nese nce ca pnp rin mur res pon ac 


M:Rich.Haklayt. ofthe Engꝛliſh nation. 465 


Threed of all colours. 
eee cons peo toe, : 
Copper Spurres,and Hawkes bels. 
Co lee che vent for it may fet our people in twopke, 
Anoteand aCaueat for the Merchant. 
Chat befoye pou inn to fale, pou mbeuour to learne what comma 


countrep re bath.) oda i edb d any ſuch 95 
experi eae or oe . mee (ell erg deare, leaſt hereafter 
soapurchatt heine not ſo cheape as you wou 


Seedes for fale. 


Cie with pon fo at purpoſe e all Contes ut garden lerdes, ad bell ar herte kratuing berbes 
anofflowers, as allo of pot herbes, and all ſotes fog rotes, ot. 


Lead of the firſt melting. 
Lead of che ſecond melting of the ſlags. 
Comake trial of che vent ol Lead of atl kindes. | 


Englifh iron, and wier sak iron and copper. 


Cotrieche fale of che Came, 


malte 
rote the vene of the inne hermile tne ahoumnp tithie mane inthe Realme, 
Anthimonie a mineral. 


fee whether they e that we may lade whole nauies of 
. ea pi for ſome e ona litle that the a 


cumitts bf mattis pon top ba ina Dyess ate 


Tinder boxes with Steele, Flint rea aa, Tinder the | 
matches to be made of Tuneper,to auoid the offence of Brimftone, 


. eee eee 


A painted Bellowes. 


Antherpelhehe cher baue noe che blekthem. 


A pot of caſt iron. 


cas, fü. oct a ware commusiieat is Reale, 


All maner of edge tooles. 


I. ĩ˙· wm ³ͤwm̃ 
463 The voyages and diſcoueries Pet, and lacima. 
— W d/at I would haue you there to remember. 


To note ſpecially what excellent oping they vſe in theſe regions, and therfoze to note their ear, 
ments and oꝛnaments of houſes: and to ſee their die houſes and tbe materials and ſunples that 
vſe about the ſame, and to bing mufters and ſhewes olthe Nr and of the materials, fop ther lt 
map ſerue this clothing realm to great purpoſe. 


To take wich you for your owne vie. 
All maner of engines wilt th anvfoute, 


To take with you tholé thin ngs that be in perfection 
of goodne 
Foz asthe goodnelſe now atibe ict map make pour commobitied in credite in timt to cone: 
So kalſe and ſophiſticate commodities pss 78 8 7 and all pour commodities into conte 
and ill opinion. Robe 


The diſcouerie made byM. 8 and M. Charles Iackman, 

of the Northeaſt parts, beyond the Ifland of Vaigats, with two Barkes: the one 

called the George, the other the William, in the yeete 1.5 80. 

. 1 573.1 
Don Mundaythe 30 of Ma from Harwich in the alternoone, the 
2 PP winobet 10 . Spich u l h. The Espa {pent we could 
é double the poole, andtherefo Ne canſtrained to put in againe vntill the nen 
day in the moꝛning, being the laſt of May: which ebene our anner a 


e 


de re at a Heft noꝛthwelt ſunne, and fo to Minterton where we did daran wag 
then calme, and the flood was come. 


zune. The next vay being the firkk of June, we fet {ajle at 3-8 clock in the moꝛuing, and {etour courte 
Forth, the wind at the Southweſt, and 1 dtn ke. 


The ⁊. day of June by my degd ecko 40 eaves om Tintin ue 

The 3. daythe wi lu aaa tg nd at 1 2. ectocke by mp reckoning J Was 
70. leagues Noith From Minterton. The fame dap A did ethe ſunne, where J found the 
pole to be eleuated aboue the epnsei3 . Zenter p in the afternoone at 6,ofthe 


e ee canis aud by with a v. dgale. 
Ehe 4. day Hotte in ek the tie uche Sonthealt buch raine 
uud foule we ab ithe Kan 1 te brake vp verp faire uvather, 


py hese eee ho dot 77 the wi “ph sade lag. 
tothe eft: che fame day J id fin 7 ve ed 58 ane minutes. Chis dap 
abodt ditt the aftetnoone ehr wl wih Capnd tote Rat id oda 
tinue till the uert day in the monung. ai Lanes 120110 ober 2 otogei 
The 6. day about 5. in the Pies 5 a rae on cath, : ie vain 
with a verp ctuell forme all ef W Cat by Roth 
the William, in bene een a 1 uke on be 
The 7. day was faire, the wind being at pe eat Chenery did aon Anon sei kai whee 
ae A ia vida ta ce 1 : 
The 8 day at 10,0 ocke, the wind came to guth rel of 2, hol 
grew talme for 3. howers. aca d ation aa 
continue vntill the next dap. 
The g. day the wind being at the Noth tuned we * * Eaſt and by Month. 
The ro. day about one of the clocke in the aftermoone, we put into Moꝛwayto a place where one 
of the headlands of the ſound ix caled Wusel Bote thi dtc bedbtane i allen Here. yee Os alto 
Rene milan’ an Illund called Rene. a wochen. tobe eleuated 63. deg. it doetlyflowe there South, 
ot ear. nnd it hieth 7.07 8,foate not abou 2 10 worsen A 
The 11 ap inthe manning the mind cathe the South ¢ to the Southeatk: e 
6. Sclntie afternoons koe Ge Cite bate dung was berp foul werter wüh rain’ bh 


t Lackman, , 


— — 


to note their gar 
o imples that 
terials, fop thai 


tion 


in time t ame: 
ies into content 


esTackman, 


s: the one 
o. 


the afternoane, che 
pent we couloine 
ine vntill the net 
ed. our aikerz ae 
E The fame day 

eft Sunne, aud 
er all nigheiit was 


and let out courte 


11 due jp l 
eckoning J 
phere J found the 
ernoone at 6,ofthe 


| rat as 
rp faire dor 

Neff noyehinettanv 
a en 
do nd cons 


be Ent 1 
11 a 


pana of 


she Nane be ele 


wers, K 
d e 
neh), 


ire wher 
160 
we there South, 


: che fame day at 
n Che 


— eee — — — 


wee — 


Fare meſſe: 

windrametothe Mouth, oh mt Strat ae aer. 
rane coat Noth nontheaſt, and bp Moth, . 

Ulis day eee e e ME, and we did lie a heau 


of 8 bowers: 
eh ise ache a cae Ce Month and to the Cietk 
pam fet (aile,ano fet our courte Muꝛtheaſt. Chis dap we did finn the pole eleuated, 69. deg. 


ber ae the wind at iet, and ¶Meſt anv by Month, faire weather with fore ſhowets, wee 
hald alung the coat Noptheaſt, and Nox heaſt and by Catt; nd Eaſt notheaſt. 
The 20. dap we had very faire weather, che wind at South. and South by Cal, focbat we hald 
along the coat Catt ¢ by. Month, the weather was verp cloſe ſo that we could not obferue p ſunne. 
Che 21. day was very calme till about 11. ofthe clocke, at which time the wind came Tie and 
Welt ſouthwelt, with ſome raine, the fame night was faite. 
9 26 22 hapthe wind being atCetk, we did hallche coat Caſt nothealt. and Catt. Che ſame apenoyr 
ang in the mozuing, we did double the north Cape, About 2. in the afteruoone we pak Skites Cape doubled. 
and hald along the coat Calt, and Cat ſouthealt, and all the Came night wee halled 
Houtheaſt, and Southeaſt by Eat. 
Che 23. day about 3. inthe moming we came to Wardhouſe, the wind at the Noꝛthwell. The voarpoute. 
caule of our comming in, was to (eke che William whofe companie we loft the 6. day of this mo. 
geth and to lend letters into England. About one of the clocke in the aſternoone the William alfo 


tune into Wardhouſe to u in good fafetie,and all her company in good healch. 


Che 24, the wind came to the Caſt noꝛcheaſt. This day the Willian bus hald a ground, be⸗ 
a oe ametabat lake nb omen er berge. Chis igh about 12, ofthe in ie tee 
aflote agatne, 


Ci a5 dap te tin Was at Cal nobel. 

Che 26. dap the Tobie of Harwich as ae Mardhouſe fo, London, n 
being mater. to whom we deliuered our 

Che 27. day the wind was . ano the 28,alfo, 

Che 29. day about 6. in the aſternoone, the wind came to the Weft nunbwel fo che ſpace of 
ine hower, and prſently ta the Cal agnine, and ſo was variable all che fame night, 

r came to Catt ſoutheaſt, and continued fo all the 


Cie et or zul Liam sin ee afrrnoone, che mum tune at Ranch nopehfivet « and about 7, of uty; 
the clocke we {et ſaile from Wardhoufe Eaſt and by South. 
Che fecond day about 5. in the moꝛning the wind was Caff,and Cat ſouthealt, and we did lie 
tthe ſhoꝛewarng. And about 10. in the mom che wind came to South loutbeaſt, and we lain 
ittothe rater’ Saeiyptaior we lap Cat by South, ſometime Catt ſoutheaſt, and ſometimes 
Eat by Month About 5. in the afternoone we bare with che William, who was willing to coe 
nuch kegor, berauſe we tho berto ber ort oktrie, and ſaſled very ill, wijere we might mend her 
lerrige: whereupon matter Pet not willing to gde into harbozough, (aid to matter iackman, that 
thethountx himſelle not able to keepe the lea, he ſhould doe as he thought belt, and that he in the 
nene time would bear. with Willoughbies land, ſoꝛ that it was a parcell of our direction, and aiteushbies 
3 agg Oſtroue a Vaigats and boweſttcur courte Cat naß bert he bind ire 
at 
Che 3. bap che wind at Doutheatt we found the pole to be eleuated 70, degrees, 46, minutes. 
Che fame night at 12. okthe clocke we founded, but had no ground in 1 20, fadomes, being fiftte kan leaanes 
leagues ſtum the one five by our teckoning Catt noytheatt from Kegor. com Rega. 
gee sap all the moꝛning was calme. This dap we found the pole to be eleuated,71 degrees 
zd minutes. = ee anche afternonne the min at Polchran tnth a gentle gate, wer bald 
along Douthealt by Catt, Che 


"468  Thevoysagsamdiditcouries Pet,and lackey, 


We adap be wd . tap wetats Lampe 
CO 


at Janie) wel, we bald. Cal and 
we could not make it, the wind being Moxcherly,(o that we tauld net cumon 
2. inthentternoo at 


The 6. day about noithweſt, we hald Catt (oi 
a faire and gentle gales this day we met withite. About 6.in the aſternoone te became cab tig 
K K ere 
we did ſeethe head part uf it anwe thought. Ilbich done: about t ai ntche clock at night bee did 
thinke it to be ice of the bate ol S. Nicholas nit it was nat as weldumm uftermato s 
aer ee 
fect land. wee ud aoc cot ne Ki 
ſomewaythꝛounhit, te co 
cinmen in t: all he fame dap aud all the nighe, foltotodig the winde typ, che ogth sorte 
Tee mee conſtrained to gogmany. pointes of our compaſſe, but wee ment mot an atten 
lie courſe. 5 
The eight dapthe wind at Morh noꝛthwelt, wer continued our corte; and at flue inthe 
ning we founded, and had go fadoms ted oaſe. This dap at 4, in the aſtemoone wee ſounded a 
gaine,¢ had 8 4 fadomes ole, as before . At ſire in the aftetnoone wee cleated our {clues of the ice, 
aud hald along Southeaſt by South: we founded againe at 10. a locke at night, and hd 43 fu 
dom landie oaſe. 1 N 
The v. day at two in the mopning, we ſoundevagayne, and had 45. fadomes, then there apyem 
red a ſbadow ok land tu vs Cal Noꝛtheaſt, audio me raune with it the ſpate of two howers, ud 
chen perceiuing that it was but fogge, we hald along Southeaſt. 5 
Chis day at ⁊ in the alternoone we founded and had 50. fadomes blacke oaſe. Our latitude nag 
en 3 aninutes, At ten a clocke at night we founded againe, and had ſiftie kadoms blache 


0a * 1 Sey 4 

Thetenth day the wind being at orth noꝛthweſt, we halled Eaſt and by orth, which courte 
ye ſet, becaute at ten of the clocke afoze noone we did fee Land, and then wee founded hauing 35. 
kadomes blacke dale. All this day there was a great faggen ſo that wee vurſt not beare with the 
land to make it and ſo we kept an outwardly courſe. Chis dapat 6, in the aſternoone wee efpicn 
land, where with we halled, and chen it grew calme we founded and hani 1 20 favoris blacke dale 
andthen we ene our boat a land to found and pꝛocue the land. The fame night we came with our 
hip within an Illand, where we rode all the fame night · The fame night wee went into a baie to 
ride neere the land ko wood and water. 5 : 

The 11. dap the wind came to the Catt ſouthealt: this dap about a league from vs to the C 
wards, we ſaura very faire found oz tiuer that paſt very larre into the countrep with 2,023, Hau 
ches with an Alland in the ming, 1 . 

The 12. of Julpthe wind was Ca Houcheak, This dap about w 1. a clocke in the moning; 
there came a great white beare dowue to the water fide, and tooke the water of his olune accop, N 
we chafen him with our boate, but foꝛ allthat we could doe, he got to land and efcaped from us thit ifthe Willis 

1 tubere we named the baie Bearebaie. This dap at 7. in the afteruoonewe fet faile, fo; wer han here: At eight i 
good hope that the wind would come Meſterlp, and with ſaile aud oateg we gate the ſea. All the nom of the bai 
night it was calme with fogge. 5 a 

The 13. day in the moꝛming the wind was very variable with ſogge, and as it cleared vp wer 
met with great ſtoꝛe of ice which at the iri ſhewed like land. This ite did vs much trouble, and the 
sore becaule of the fogge which continued in this ice vntill the 14. day, 12. ofthe locke. 

The 14. day in the moming we were imbaied with ice, chat we were tonſtrained to come ont a 
we went in, which was by great good foxune, oz rather by the goodneſſe of God, otherwiſe it hav 
bene impollible, and at 12. ct the clocke we were cleare of it, the wund being at South and South 

by Wek, The fame day we foundthe pole to be eleuaten . 70. degrees, 26. minutes: we lapalong 
re the coaſt Mozthwelt, thinking it to be an Filand,but finding no end in rowing fo long, wee ſuppo 
Che luppoſed led it to be the maine ol Noua Zembla. About 2, inthe afternoone wee laid it to the Southard 
mame ot § Hos ta double the ice, which we could not doe vpon that hood, ſathat wee caſt about againe and lay 
™ Melt along vnder the ice. About 7, in the afternoone we got about the greateſt part thereof, g. 
bout 1 1 clocke at night we bwught the ice Southeaſt of vs, and thus we were rin of this crow 
ble at this time. f 
The 15. day about 3. in the moꝛning . the wind was at South ſouthweſt: we caſt about and lay 
tothe Ealtwarde, the wind did Meſter, ſo that we lay South ſouthweſt with a flawne oe 


v we fay land but 
eto. 


alt ole 
ecametahne : 1 
irt fox chat way 
Catnigte wee vin 
ros i! 
along a weather 
moge land Roh 
d noc come neeret 


hꝛounhit, we con 
North Iori wert, 
t moſt an Calter 
at flue in the 

ne wee ect 
r ſelues of the ite, 
cht, and had z fu 


then there per 
two howerg, un 


Our latieuve was 
ftie kadomg blacke 


oth, which courte 
unded hauing 35. 
lot beare with the 
rnoone doe efpicn 
woms blache oalt: 
we came with our 
vent into a baie to 


with 2,02 3. brane 


ke in the moning 
khis olune accom, 
efcaped from v 
ſaile, foꝭ wee han 
te the ſea. All the 


s it cleared vp wer 
chtrouble, and the 
e cocke. 

ned to come out as 
b, other wiſe it han 
South and South 
tes: we lapalong 
a long, wee ſuppo 
to the Southward 
ut againe and lay 
oft part thereof, d. 
ere rid of this trow 


caſt about and lay 
b a flawne fas, 
am 


| Parand lackman. 


om vs to the C 


of the Englifh nation. 469 


ab wermm atthe fame Dap, About 8, in the after noone we ſounded and had 23. fadomns finall 
grep fan, Chis night at twelue ofthe clocke we founded againe, and had 29. fadomes ſand, ag 


4% 16. day but 3. in the moming we hald along Catt Douthea, where we found 18. fa: 


sonsred Cand, theu toe bald along Tronchealt. Inchefe foundings wee had manp ouerfale, Chis Nb. v aur 


wwe 10. of the clocke wer met with more ice, which was very great,focbat twee could not cell : 
vich wap to get tleare ol it. Chen the wind came to the South Southeaſt, fo that we lay to the 
pnehtoards, Ale thought that mayo cleare our ſelues olit, but that way we bad moze ice. As 
font ö. inthe aſternoone, che wind came to the Cal, Then wee lapto the Douthwards that wee 
yo zo.fadoms blacke caf, This day we found the pole to be eleuated,69,deq. 40. minutes, and 


jh nigdt at 12. afthe clocke, we had 47. fadoms red (and, 


Che 17.dap at z. inthe mopning, we had 12. fadoms. At . we had g. and 7. all this day we ran 
uh and Douth by Tet, at the depth alozelaid, red land, being but ſhallo w water. At eight in 
rhe afternoone,che wind wich a ſbower and thunder came co the Southwell, and then wee ranne 
Eat mrt beat, At 12. at night it came to the South and by Cae, and all this was in the baie of 

echota. 

f e 8. dap at 7, in the moming we bare with the bead land ok the bale, where we found two 

There are alſo ouerfals of water oʒ tives, Me went betweenethe maine and the Illand, 
untothe head where we had about 2. fadoms and a halfe. Lle found the pole eleuated, 69. deg. 13 
minutes. This dap we had fight of Vaigats: the land ofthe maine of Pechora did trend South 
eilt we hald Catt ſoutheaſt, and had 10. fadoms oaſe all the fame dap vntill 4, in the afternoone, 
ihm being calme, we ankered in 10, fadoms all the fame night. 

Che 19. day at two in the mozning, we (et ſaile. and ranne Douth and ouch ſouthwelt all che 
fame day at 8. 7. aud 6. fadoms this was off the South part of Vaigats: this part of the land lieth 
Porth and South, This dap at 4. in the afternoone we found ſhallow water, ſometime foure fa 
dun ſoetime 3. and 2. and a halle, and one fadome anda halfe, there wee ankered and ſent our 
dont anap to lound. and all to lee ward we had 4.foote and 3. foote, and 2. foote, there was not tua: 
teln the boate betweende Vaigats and the other five: finding no moꝛe water, there was no other 
top but to qve back as we came in, hauing the winde Reztchweſt, fo at twelue at night we fee 


lule. 
be 20. day we plied tothe Nonthwards, and got deepe water againe 6. and /. fadoms. 

e 21 day che wind by che Noꝛth welt, we hald along the coat Month and Ponth nozthweſt, 
ne had d. and g. and 10. fadoms. 

Che 22. dap the winde came ta the Southweſt, wee bare along the coaſt of Vaigats, as wee 
lan it to lle Nozth and by Met, and Moꝛth noꝛthweſt, and Joe. The wind blew very much 


nah great fogge, we lacking water and wood bare within an Illand where we found great More aun rand pas 
— water, there were 3,024, gooblp ſounds. Under two points there was a croſſe {et those ¢ wasee 


na man buriev at the Foote of it. Upon the ſaid croſſe maſter Pet did graue his name with 
tibate of our Londe, and likewiſe vpon a fone at the foote of the croſle, and fo did J allo to the end 
thit ifthe William did chaunce to come thither, they might haue knowledge that wee had bene 
there: At eight in the afternoone the winde came to the Nonth noꝛthwelt, wee (et ſaile and tur⸗ 
2 baie. The lame night che hunde tame to the Nlelt, fo that we lay Nopth along the 


Ehe 23. dap at fine inthe moming, the wind came to che Southwell, a fea boo wee ſawe a 
great number of Bands, tu the number of fire : a ſea boo dot theſe Illands, there are many 
great ouerfals, as great ſtreames op tides: wor hald Noztheaſt and Cal nopeheatt as che lande 
Wotrend,: Aceighcaforenoone the winde came tothe Moutheaſt with very much wind, raine and 
logge, and very great fore of ice a {ea boozy: ſo we lap to the South wel to attaine to one of the 
Musto harbour vs ik che weather did ſo eprrentetp coin, and to take in out boate thinking 
ttineete fo to doe, and not ts towe her in ſuch weather. About twelue of the clocke tt 

herp calme vpon the funder, and came bp to che Men Mothwelt, and Ropthweſt by Edel 
unthen tac Cooke in dur boate, and this done, chere came do one fo rich wird as we were not @ 
Wet teereatareie, Lith copfe anvbonens of enc, woe bate Bomb wich ebe tano, Foy ly the lun 
WD tenn, Chis day all che aſternoone we ſailed vnder a great lanvok ice, we failed bertueene the 
lo nnit being not able to croſſe it. About twelue at night mee found ite ice to ſtretch into 
lun chat we could unt get cleare to the Ealkwarv, fo wee lnib it to the ſhoſe and there we found ie 
Cart hard abooy the (hoye,and we found alſo a very Faire Allaud whilty makes a very Good har. 
hund within are 12. fadoms. a os 


The bate of 
Pechora,, 


6. talre lands 


4.70 he voyages and difcoueries Pet, and lackmén, 


—ũ— —— — ut. —t—ʃ 
222 Chis Bland is to the Caward of Vaigats, 4. q; . leagues, This land ot the maine doeth trend 
agate, 4,03 Doutheaſt, and Southeaſt by Eaſt. It is a very faire coaſt, and euen and plaine, and not full of 
dau. mountains no; rockes: you haue but hallow water of 6.07 7. fadomes, about a league from 
thoy, all this mopning we halled Catt foucheat, This dap we found the pole to be eleratey 6, 
otgrees, 14. minutes. About 12. a clocke wee were conftrained to put into the ice to Lecke tome 
wap co get to the Not hwards of it, hoping to haue ſome cleare pallage that wap, but there was 
nothing but whole ice. About nine in the afternoone we had fight of the William, and when te 
ſawe her there was a great land of ice betweene her and vs, fo that we could not came one to the 
other, but as we came neere tober, we ſounded our trumpet and (hot off two mufkets, and he m 
out her flag vpon her lozetoymaſte in token that the did ſee vs: all this time wee did (horten oug 
ſailes, and went with our kozeſaile and mainetoyſaile, ſeeking the beſt waythꝛoughthe broheniee, 
the making away the belt chat the could to follow vs, we put out our flagge to anfwer her agu 
withthe like: thus wee continued all the afternoone till about 12. a locke at night, and then age 
moꝛed our (hip to a piece of ice to tarp for the Milliam. 2e 
5 The 25. dap about ſiue in che moꝛning, the William came to vs, being both glavok our mep 
THe Mian ting The AMlilliam had her lerne pot woken, thatthe rudder dip hang cleane belddes the ere f 
ict again. that (he could in no wile porte her helme, with all hands the did lighten her ſterne, and trimme her 
bead, and whẽ we had brought ber foptoard all that we could, we lnought a cable vnder her lem, 
and with our capſtaine did winde vp her ſterne, and ſo ye made it as well as the place would gin 
vs Ieaue, and in the ende we brought her to ſteere againe. Tic acknowledge this our meeting to 
bea great benefite of God fo; our mutuall comfoꝛt, and fo gaue his maieſtie thanks forte, All the 
night after we cooke our rell being made falt vpon a piece of ice: the wind was at Tick Row 
welt, but wee were fo incloſed with ice that wee could not tell which wayto paſſe. Windes wer 
haue had at will, but ice aud forge too much againſt our wils, ik it had plealed the Lore Gove 


therwiſe. ; aa 2 10 of} 
The 26. dap the wind was at ett J2oreh welt : we ſet (alle to the Noꝛthwardeg, to fecke if 
we could finde any way deare ta naſſe ti the Caſtward. but the further wee went that way, the 
move andthicker was the ice, ſo that wee could goe no further. Do about kourr in the afternoons 
we were conſtrained to moze vpon anather piece of ice. Tehinke we {atlen in all a league this tap, 
here we had 1 . fadomes oaſe, and this daſe is all the chanell ouer. Atl the late day after foure of 
the clocke, andall the night we taried there, being without all good hope, bat rather in Delppire, 
This day matter Jugpnan did ſeg land Catt Men heaſt from vs, as hee did chinks whether it hen 
land oz uo, J cannot tell well, but it was very like land, but the foages bach many times de 
ued vs. Jo hee): pers 92 7 flow Hangouts G oe hy 
The a3. bap che winde was at Noth welt. This day at nine in the moming wee tet ſayle t 
ſeeke thethore, Further into the ice we could not goe, and at ſeuen in the afternoone wee monies 
to a piece of ice, and the Milliam withbs, here we had 14. kadomes dale. At 3. in the aſternoom 
we warpt from one ice to another. At g. in the afterneone we moꝛed againe to a piece of ice 
ee e ee eee 

well and by cer. „ e „ bi) hai 
The 28. day the winde came to che Sauthweſtz and ouch ſauthweſt: chia day was a bey 
kaire dap. At one in the afternoone mater Pet, and mater Jackman did conferro together un 
was beit to be done conſidering that the windes were good forbs, and we not able to paſſe foy-tey, 


20% Ohe nine and wentie day 
ti get. ne iff 
et wit pee wee here, ie wn 


ee oni of the Engliſn nation. 


Ce 30. bay the at Doutheaſt, and hy Vouth aud at g. in the mowing we fee lait, and 
abet Willistn bap ene ¥p be, bu ie Ui arse f rn ce 

pap well wit) ber: But as foone as we made ſaile, (he did the lie. All this day wer did our be 

ed —— gius vs leaue, ſumttime we lap South, ſometime Nit it, and 


nd lackman, 


maine doeth trend 
aine, and ot full of 
it a league from the 
die to be eleratey 6 


beice to Keke lum Coſt, and thus we continued vntill eight at night, and then being calme mee made 
bay, but there ug ——— au bn cen un ataire gentip 

lm, and ubea ne Tarte Cet. n Catt aan bp § ied there came bolune vibolupe of raine 
Ditot come one tn the which continued the (pace of one hurt cing done, it became calme againe, la 


uſkets, andthe m 


do Dall that u ee n n dap. 
ver Dib exten an . e no good all that nigh ept day 


rithe winde beingiat ouch we, wee ſet ſaile co turne to wiudewarde at dyee a clocke 
—— In this g wee did litle good, ea e 2g ene 
mos cv ae int currant, Clee. did our teune okthe clacke,and then 
chat wee Did na guoD, and being incloſed Mich pre, wee made cur pes fata ete 
af pee; Al this bap che William lay till, aud pin ag munch good as ine that did all the fche⸗ 

ch gust dur mer gone, Chus wee tooke our reſt all the ſame day. 
beltdes the lente, li 40 che e rnoune wee fet faite che winde being at South andbp Calk , wee lap tothe Met 
ne, and trimme her ng Southwest, and Wouthwelt, and by Louth aud fomerime to che rd az wee 
le vnder her lien, sights Thos we conciuued vntill nine at night, and then we coulde goe no further fon M 


pe place would William were conſtrained ta make our {hippe fatto a piece of pce alt euigbt. 
“ps 75 mtg = twee founde the pale een v9, degrees 20, minutes, and bere wer ban 17. fas 


as at TCickt 
aſſe. 3 
d the Loꝛde Gove 


wardeg, to feeke if 


1055 fet vay of Augie was perp calme in che moming the winde being at Cte Porth: Angutt, 
About twelue the winde came to the Mett, and continued ſa all the fame night with great 


Ger. day the winde was at Houthweſt all day, wich raine and forge. All this day we were 
Abet wie} pte, fo that wee were forced to lie Gill, Here wee had 21. fathoms ose, At le in 
sheatternpone the winde mas at Men with very much foule weathet, and fo coritinued all tt 


nm a net cic 
ight eee eee 
atience, a un 7 

or pe lape Bi meiden wih ne tbe ah being at ick . 


many times etd pry ap trale yon 555 ver puting pur truſt in God, wer hopent be beliueten out oft 
ing wee fet lien 2 che inmviug / it raiuen' iwith very much wunde, being at Scuth Doutheall 
Toone wer monies shout: z inthe aſternouue tee {et ſaile, aud dub became calme fo2 the {pace of one houre, 

3. in the alternate Aa une came oebe.ox) Moftbealt, and here we had 3 3 fathoms: thus we made way as : 
va piece of ice mong the pce Bouthwelt, and Boutblouthwelt, Clelk, as we migbt finde our wap for the {hare 
welt, and at r e es on einn ewe moa ⸗- 
rue 9 oslo lan a ee e 45. late oz and all che night wa 
ferro together uin ht mp of ce, wet Lap dil che winde beiüg at Uttett ano def 
blem pate fan Ari 25 . — het fame nighe che winde was at the Melt Nozrhwe sh 
ferre further. gr; cheat baun sab op North all day. And all tis bay we lay 
des were polls eule wie pee, veces we could not fiw, labouring onelp ta defend the pee as it came 
he toppe. T age e e Maen 
ab and igh piece i verb karg x calm but koggie. This day totvarts night there was litle wne 

nny 1 on 1 Ech. eee 70. lthoins oze all * 
ret fine inthe ix \ 8 70. degr. . 
heiice to / Hall pub are iat} bwett,and by Tec all the afternoone we Lay Mitt becattfe Zin, 
raf ice frokeot ow di pa whi a Mellen bap vies fiat the pole eleuated 70. 1 
be Milliam being cig a very faite night, but it kreeſed: inthe morntiig 
led, and made in 
8 

lan bol 

beton fhe canes 3 ery bitt gate, ater th fae po 
nen Lite ehe aer ning wer Let falle: Coingttine wet 


as wee might belt finde bast 


5 e CuK suet 
e 


442 he voyages and diicoueries Pet, & Jackman, 


0 afternoone the to fret about 6, in the afternoone the 
i iio berm — 


poly of man Gods tren 
ernoone the winde ri hey shee tacts 
re of pee, ote ter tt it, and tate te ope eae, Chis 


97 fathoms, 
77 are 12, bap the wüde tons atthe Vouthert noe weep eee 
33888 
e e g ¢ 
bas tupac wpe wer well and as nette as 2 
denue: alt his night we found che mene 
upon we food in good hohe ta git aut of t. 
e ee e ae pea ans ae e 
were much troub lth the pee fon ee blotue agraint a piece of pee, we bake 
dye Woche abut e ates blowes me bad again the yet, that it mag mami 
lous that che ſhippe was able to abfve them: the five of our doate was broken with our dyn 
which vid rerule backe, the boate being — a great piece of pce, and the hippe, md fe⸗ 
riſhed the head ol our runder. This day wan a very harde day with vs: aan g 
much broken pee, and all chee gte te Blevoe ter Hench tobure, Ib cher ber in dun wih 
VVG ent fine 
of ſnowe. 
~ Che 14. dap in rate Fe . let her dpine with 
it. In the meane time wee mended our boate and our Reerage : all this day the wide con 
— Ntherly, and here ice had thyeeſtohe and two fathoms, Thus we lay a wilt all the Gane 
ni 
15. day wer fet fatte at . in che uin eee 
Mace Ra 0 poe pee : 1 aie 
cauſe, and L God the maile. ebe be, tarbores 
mozmin tameto 1 eee e ballen date, co Cet, — 
epee pet bear ce 
de, which wee ner, but it was and all the fame tap: 
When wee had finds of the tmve, wer wert not tinee ont Tbis vay ter hn 
the pole eleuated 69. 49. mimte. All vaß wee — — 
e tts a beep pact coat and a bolde, and faite foundings offit, 


@Wer6, day the winde was at Catt: 1 Wis bap bite bitte e e 

Wais made great ſhift with it: for we gotts berddeene the Hoare and it. This dap at tivelue — 
wee were thwart of the — part of Vaigats, all along which part there was greater 
cee he paſlage, pet by much udoe wee got berwuirt the ſbonte andi 


2 tot ny eo 
Pon un hc ae eed es Fa then tx 


dalled 

5 ade ed at he ind tee bao 16. ete ena hier ol 
At 0.1 8 2 haller At 4 

5 Saute Cate ea 9 


Ae 

bis vay tee hu 
dat in 10.9. fe 
dings off 


e wee Fela greunt, 
William came to en 
came wer wett bt 
ide laile, ‘wee den 


nvy eho 
ntheatt, un chen 


ne Melt Bout ihs aſternsoue the winde came nth. : 
n Sete ee Fine ae tt nap vais 


he: che winde wan ac alt Mopehealt sat 6. in the manning wee had 19. fathoms red 

luda 12. rue lien Nop hand Noth by Eat, we had 17. falhoms water at 
afternoone 15. 

j che wende was at Habehenl, and Huub Rontheaſ sat 7, in the moing uce bab 

zo laben blacke oze: at twelue of the clocke wee were vpon the ſuddaine in thoale water, a. „ 


dſo did the William, but we had no burt, lo the winde was off the (hoare, and the fame 
unten was calme: all night we did our beſt we could not haue her a ſlote. Theſe ſhoales do 
le Colgoyeue : it is very lat a re wap and it doeth not high aboue 2.02 3.foote water, 
tluweth Nontheaſt, and Douchwe 

Che 21. dap the winde was at Bouthwell, aud being very faire weather wee did lighten 
andippen an much ag was pollible fop vs to doe, bp reaſon of the place. The fame higb wa: 
tir bp the belpe of God we got both a flote, and the winde being at the South welt did helpe vs, 
tut auld it to ſlowe che mode water. 

Chis day wee found the pole co be eleuated 68, degrees 40. min. In the afternoone wee both 
mala to ſerke way to gt out of theſe ſands, our boate a head founding, hauing 6. 7. and 8, fas 
thos all within the ſand which was without vs. Me bare to the South warde, and the William 
hace mane to the Calwards, aud night being at hande the winde came to the Southeaſt. wheres 
upon tue lade it to the Southwarvs, lying Douth weit, and Mouth ¢ by CUeſt, and ranne to 19. 
1 1 g.fathoms, ¢ ppeſently we bad but 6,fathoms, which was off the ſauds head, which 
—— 1 — the day beloze. Then we caſt about to the Caſtwards for deepe water, 

3 20. aud ſo to 22. fathums. 
sags inthe manning, wee caſt about tothe Souchward, and this day in the more 


Paw Packman. ofthe Englith nation. ) 473 


ſands, and could finde no way out, By founding and ſeeking abaut, wee came a — — 


cut. 


wing te ſaw the William vnder our lee as farre as wee could fee her, and with a great fogge we a 


lol the light of her, and ſince wee haue nde feene her. Thus we ranne till we tame to tlirtie far w 
chen blacke oe, which wee had at twelue o the cloche, and at thece in the alternaone wee n 
9 ee kathoms and then wet tame den Molthwelt, aud Cet by Huth allthe 


wing 
Che Pr we had at 6. iu the mess 27 fathorts, at 8. a clocke 28. fathoms: at 3 che winde 
Doutheaſt, wer 


Ahab. e th pee ve⸗ 


Wen Naebweit + this day wee badfight ofthe lande of Jaa f 


being at halled 
n twelue of che clocke we bad 32. fathoms ſande. Tbis day wee rann Clien nd 
nth nud came to fine fathoms off the bay of Morzouets. Then wer layde it tothe Nunth⸗ ene 
antſotbat wee lay orth Hanthraſt olf. The 
cu we lay & Eat by Nonth. then ine layd it to the Meſtward againe: andthus we 
— 1 athoms, and then we went Fathwelall tweramte to r4.fathoms, and ſo 
— — about, to the Kaum an hr alt, and Eat by Horch all the 


8 dein the moming we had — ranme Jaenthtoett ef we came to 11. 

43 sta we lay tothe Moreh wards til 12. at night, and then wee ean 40. fathoms then 
dude at Monthe alt we lay to che Meſtwards and halled uchweſt ae 

essa qa ero ehre eran oe, winde at Iopthe 


ber much 
De 26. day wezmbetbthe fn unde, d imb the pole tu be eleuated 70. beg. 40. min. 
d dil . in the momning we ſaw land, which we made to be kegontben we hailed Nontly 
nelland Noꝛth by Tiel to double the Porth Cape. 
Che 28, dap at z in the moming we ran Laren an het. Ae nightthe wine et 
He Searh welk and weren Th elt all chat nigbe. 


The winve after tame to the Moreh, and Ronth by — 


de Sep we pm into found, eniten: Taue and the cotone ts calleu Hungon: wee tame to an che tome ot 


inen suinche anne, at 25 fachonts very faisefaun, Pal ag Cound is berp large and good, Burson. 


meine night wertet water abo, 
Che zo. day in the moming rm ehh at rortheatt, and but lite wee let tile, nd with our 
bead ee eee een late pale caine othe Eat 


cad we 
eee andn ran Wies Huthheſt 
dapat 1 aarti e the Pov Cape, . de wine beng a Eat South: Shep bonble 


oe halen teh al the lame myun at nigbe we ran Men South 
t Dap of September the winde was at Naꝛtheaſt with very much fagge: all this dap wee return 


bg in net 


The voyageb and difotnieries Pes & Fackman 


at all parts ol the Compaſſr. In the aer te made bus litle wap: at 6, a clorke the 
came co tbe — and toes went FRG A WER, Ato dn che night chere came —— 
„ie we were faine to la ne eee 
the {pace of 2 .houres, and then beavcothe and at the beahe of Day nee 
fat land which is very bi e mens Comte Foviote 
pepe dh me ag Full of rocks vety fares out, and within the rockes you bane lun 
at 20,fachors, 

Che 3. day in the munning be date atch che ſunwe tfoyeland s Mithin tt is but ſbaale bam 

and z fathoms, ſandie grounds ee ug der pid. 1 
ike Kirke. It doeth high here not aboue 8,0) 9.foote, 

Che 4. day was reaſonable weather, the winde at Mouth lduthwel 

The 5.6. and 7. dapes bet foul meatier deh great mad vehement blaſes of caine anv happy 
was the ſhippe that was then in harbour. 

he 8. dap the winde was at Melt by Huh, and reaforiable weather. 

he 9. dap at 12. of the clotke we ſet lalle, and at 3. in the afternoone we cleared cur (cluesof 
the land, andthen we hald est Bouthwell, with a good Miffe gale all dap and night. t um 
the pole cleuated 69. degrees 20. minutes. 

5 he 11. dap the winde was ae NRoꝛtheaſt all che forenvone, che aftcrnoone was calme ant al 

we found the ole tleusted 6 8. beg. 16. min. 
12. day at 3. in the e, be pot ſounde by Lowfoote,twhere it doeth lone 
Douthwell, and by Mouth, and doeth high 7,07 8. foote water. 

The 13. dap much winde at Meſt: wee had a ledge of toches in che winde ol vs, but the tone 
uus ceatonable good fy all Souther! rr Mee han the matne land in the 
eee 

Che 14. day the winde was Wouth, on nv dpouhoettreatonsble weather. 

Che 15. daß was windie and rapnde at Eel? Boutbmell. 

The 1 6vap very foule weather, with raine and logge. 

The 17. dap at 3. olthe tlocke we were cleare ofthe lanve, and wee baue ouch welt all the 


W we kept the ſame comte dw fom the pole eleuaren,66 veg. ol min. 
Che en e e dür dein hen ody e 


We 8 che winde thas at Catt, at 6. after ue had ſixhe of Inne ite 
dap e e 20. mn che nige was calm ino the hunde banal 

n Compaſſt. * 
be 1 1. day dhe Live toa at he Sateen ali the fenster atl the after noone atte ftp 
fouth welt, and all the fame night variable with raine, 

Obe wem nene South, ail che alter noone was talme, and {owas illthe 


Lee 230 e eee into Norvray, into a found cattenRoin. 
fall, where it no wech South Pourheatt, ano doeth high 8, fore water: this place is full of one 
mane oe mane good founds without the high mountaine land. npn ag 

aN ee ne outh, very mch 

The 24. day was e it. 

Che 25. 28 , 47. we had very much winde wich grestandttrppie bladz 

The 28. day in the moꝛning the winde being at Eat oychenſt we (ec ſaile at 1 en 
and halled out ofthe bay Wick Dourhwet; r e 
the clocke andthen che winde tame to the Routheat,and tothe South wichre kogge n 
very much winde: at 6. of the clocke wee eum (nto a betp quan rove, weve hae dip rde alte 
85 . a. founve, the winde by the — three fee iir, 
N 29. day wer put into n goon ſounde, rat 
ieee ere tame dotone very meh imme bythe out, mba night, wit eben betes 

raine. 0 
wie ob ling atone tne tas Oe oe amn cs Wei te pote i das 
3. egr. 10. 

che bap of October che wende war at Mouth mich very much winde ebebemete bats 

he 7.aKp her Lethe slop Krom che Uk ef edamame nett els, wap Bar haw beryl 


The 11. day 
burghe : the far 
tothe South a 


leda ſea boo 
‘them, Chew 
Che 24 day 
Che 25. day 
berie hope. Th 
Che 26. da 

1 ende, 1 580. 


Fackman, 
ö. acloche the tome 
— —— 
he breake of dey ber 
fe. Itis within di 
pches you bane la 


but fhoate 
— 


i ok ratne, amd hapyy 


leared cur ſclueye 
nd night. Ae foun 


was calme dil 
where it doeh lune 


of vs, but the tune 
maine land in the 


b Souchwel all the 
. 20. min. yun 


tp Soop Ct, 
net of tine ss 
the winde variable 
tagane at the font 
and ſo was al che 
wund cation Rome. . 


2 G fackman. of the Engliſn nation. 


475 


weather, but liy the fourth bap when the winde was fo great. chat our cables rake withche 
was watt ove tinke tts is hell cba arp mae oie tben hat was taut loo 


bechanken che oye began 
. 7 up at night we came co an ancre vntil the next day. which was the g. dap of the moneth, 
sehen asthe winde grew great againe, with ratne, whertuyon wee fee faile and returned into the 
(ound againe : and at our Gri comming to an ancte,pretentlp there ble we fo much winde that al- 
ſhengd bur belt ancre was out, yet the erxtremitie of the Moyme dioue vs vpon a ledge of rocks. and 
no dyuite our ſhip in ſuch lont. that we were cbſtrainev to lighten her to laut her, ¢ by tbis meanes 
eh of God) we got off our thip and ed our ltakes, and moared her in good lafttie ae 
Din fon a winde. Ne rid from this bap by reaion of contrary winds, with logge and raine vntil 
the 24. day which day in the morning the winde came to the ff, and at 8. uf the clocke wer 
iir ſuile. This found is calles Moore found, where it hi 
South louthealſt. The next day being the 25. day wee put into a ſounde which is called Vicar 
found, where was a ſlippe of the king of Denmarke put into another ſound there by, being two 
leagues to the ſouthwards of vs that came out of Jleland: the winde was contrary for vs at fourths 


welt. 
993 12 day of Nouember we (et ſaile the winde being at the Calk Southeaſt, and pat chzough 
the found where the kings ſhip did lie: which found is called Slourefound, But as wee did open 
the found, we found the winde at the Douthwelt, ſo that we could doe no good, fo that we moared 
out txp betweene 2. Mands vutil the 1 8. day, and then the weather being faire aud calme, wee fee 
ſule / x went to ſea hoping to finde a faite wind, but in the fea we found the wind at the ſouthweſt, 
ib fouth ſouthweſt, ſo that we were tonſtrained to returne into the ſame found. 

The next day being the 19. the kings hip came out alfo,becaule ſhe ſaw vs put to ſea. an came 
iu (arte out as we, and moared where we did moare afore : And at our returne backe againe, wee 
moaredout ſhip in an vtter ſound called Scorpe found, betauſe the kings thip was without vics 
quals,and we did not greatly deſire her tompanie, although they deſired ours, In this ſound the 

iseleuated 62, degr. 47. min. | 

Chus we lap Mill ſoʒ a winde vntill the 1.0f December, which day we ſet laile at 6.aclocke in 
the moming, and at .in the afternoone we layde it to the inwards, 

Che 3 dap at chꝛee in the moming there aroſe fo much winde, that we could beare but our fopes 
corte, The 4, day was calme weather, fo was the 5. but wee were leake, aud it was as much as 
ue were able to doe, to free our ſhip, che leake was fo great. and yet we pumped euer y halfe glaſſe. 
1 Che 2 we bzoughe a Bonnet vnder her fozefoote batten with Occam, which did op much 


tur leae. 

Che s dapthe winde was at Soutlicatt, the /. day at Sourhfoutheatk. 

Che d. dap was calme with litle winde Noztherly. 

The Y dap we had ſight of the coatt of Scotland which was Bowfamneſſe. 

Che ic day we were open off the Frith. 

The 11. day at 4, in the moning we were chwart of Barwike: at 6. wee were thwart of Bam- 
burghe : the ſame dapat 10. at night we were thot as farre as Hollyfoote. Then the winde came 
tothe South and Southeaſt, fo chat we laye Mill vntill the next day in the moꝛning, and then we 
were conſtrainev tu put with Tinmouth. Che fame dap at night we hallen a groundto teppea 
Teake, dohich we found to be in the ſkarfe afore, The winde continued by the Southeaſt e ſouth 
foutheatt vntill the 20. day, and then we fet ſaile about 1 2. at nigbt, bearing along the coaſt. 

Che 22. day by reaſon ofa Southeaſt winde, we thought we fhoutd haue bene put into Hum. 
bet but the wind came to the Melt, ſo that we baled Bonthealt:and at z. in the aſternoone we hal⸗ 


lea ſea boom the lands, and had ſhoale water off Lymery and Owry, and were in 4,fathonts off 


them, The next vay we hald as we might to ſeaſe O:fordneffe, 
Che 24. day we tame thwart of the Naſe, about d. inthe mozning. 
Che 25. day being the Matiuitie of Chrift,we came to au ancre betweene Old hauen, and Cik 
berie hope. The fame day we turned as high as 
1 — eee high as Ratliffe, and pratfey God for our ſafe returne. Aud thus 
„1580. 


The 


Vu 3 


about ¢.foote water, and ſloweth more tonne, 


Che iournal 


doute. 


Woroufko 
Oſtrone an 
high Iſland. 


Ho ca 
cauſe in his 
10 


alter 


is Seah as 
found mention 


— 
coaſt. 


se, 
red. 


beginneth 7 
from Waͤrd⸗ 850 


476 he voyages and diſcoueries Pet, & lachma 


The 2. iournal of M. Arthur Pet and M. Charles Iackman in 


their diſcouerie Northeaſt pard in theyeere 1 5 8 o. VV rite 
ten by Nicholas Chanceller, which was in the aforeſaid dif- 
couerie: with two barkes, the one called the Wil- 
liam, the other the George. 


Nidap the 1. of July about 5. inthe afternoone, che winde tame tothe Ruth 
Nozthweſt. About 7. a clocke in the afternoone we {et ſaile from Wardhouſe: 
LG fy our courte was Caf and by South, And as we were taping our antrts pes 
prering to Depart, Nicholas Chanceller was ſent by M. Pet abood the Wil. 
ee liam to M. Charles Iackman,to deliuer him a note in witing as followeth. 


NI 
M. Jackman, M. Pet determinetb to direct bis tourſe Eaſt anv by South f 
the winde will ſerue thereto: and if wee ſuould chaunte to loofe companie, pou ſhall heare of pg 
at Vorousko Oſtroue not farre off Vaygats: it is an high piked Illand. If there be any Ruſſes 
there pou ſhall receiue a letter of them: if there bee none, then pot ſhall finde a letter vpon the 
higheſt part of the Southealt five thereof vnder a warle op heape of tones. The L onde bleſſe rg 
in theſe our affaires. At the roade of Wardhouſe the laſt of June 1580. The Bland of Vorousko 
ſtandeth Morth Moztheaſt of the Southweſt part of Vaigats, and is foure o2 ſiue leagues dillant 
from Vaigats,. 

The 2,dap about 5. in che moꝛning the winde tame to the Eat, and Caſt foruchealk,¢ we bare ta 


the ſhoꝛewards, and about ten a clocke the winde came to Southſoutheaſt, & wee bare tothe Ea 


wards, ſometime we lay Eaſt and by ſouth, ſmetime Caf and Catt e by Meath, About 5 in the 
afternoone we bare withthe William, the was willing to go with Kegor. The rauſe was ( as we 
did thinke) chat the was out of her trimme,and failed very ill. therefore would mend her ſtirrage. 
WMhereupon M. Pet. not willing himlelke to go into Kegor, ſaidto M. Iackman that he would gut 
Eat e by noꝛth to diſcouer Willoughbies land fo that it was a parcel of our direction, ſa ul 


ch meete with him at Vorousko 07 Vaigats. And ſo we departed ¢ fet our caurſe Eaſt Mopthealt che 


was found in 


winde being at ſoutheaſt. The 3. dap me han the wind at Southeaſt. Chis vay we found the pole 
eleuated 70. degrees, 46. min. The winde changed to ſouth e by Eaſt. At 12. a clocke at night we 
founded and had no ground at 120. fatboma, we being 50. leagues frõ Kekor by our reckoning. 

The 4. day all the moꝛning was very calme. Chis dap we found the pole to be eleuated 71.00 
grees. 3 i. min. At nine in the euening the winde came tothe Noztheaſt with a gentle gale: wer 
haled along Southeaſt and by Caf, 

The 5. day the wind Mozthnoꝛtheaſt, we halen Cat. and Eaſt and by ſouth. This day we did tee 
land, but we could not make it perlt, the winde being fo Noꝛtherly that we could not come neert 
tait. The 6. dap about 2. in the afternoone the winde Noꝛth Porth welt, we haled Catt ſouthealt 
with a faire gentle gale. Chis day we met with pre, About 6, in the afternoone it became calm, 
and we with (rile and oares laped it to the Morthealk, hoping that way to cleare our ſelues of the 
pte, and about 1 2. at night we gate cleare ot it. Me ſuppoled it had bene pre of S. Nicholas bay, 
but it was not as we afterward found it. 

The 7, day we met with more pee being the Eaſter part of thenther yte: wee halen along che 
weather part hereof to linde ende of it Cat noꝛthealt. This day ine fat land orth from vs be⸗ 
ing very defirous to haue had moze knowledge thereof but extreemitie of pce kept vs backe ther 
fro contrarp to our deſire. Me were inforced by che ſaid pre, which we found to tye a long the {aio 
land to go though it with much trauaile, wherein we continued all the day and night folowing, 

The d. dapthe wind being at Noꝛthwell, we were troubled all the day wich the afcꝛeſald pee, 
Aes in the moꝛning we founded, ¢ had 90. fathoms red ope: at 4. in p afternoone we ſoũded againe 
and had as before, At 6. in the afternoone we gate clearc off the pre, with going Souch foutheat, 
and Doutheatk, whereof we were very glad. Mee had Cailen in the ſaid pte 40.03 50. lengues as 
we eſteeme it: fe; we had a fine winde, and bare all our fatles, I ee halen along Southeaſt and 
founded at 10. at night. and had 45. fathoms landie ore. 

The o.at 2. in the moꝛuing we founded and had 45. farhomt. There appeared to vs a fhavoine 
ofland Eat Noyrheaſt, and lo we ranne with it for the ſpate of 2. houres, ind then perteiuing that 
it was but a fogge we haled along Southeatk, At . in the afternoone we ſounder and had 50,fa 
thome blacke o3e. The fame dap our latitude was 70, degretz 3. min. At nine a clocke at nigh 
we founded againe. and had 50. fathonts blacke oze. 

Che 10. the wind at Moꝛth nozchwelt, we halen Eaſt e by Noꝛth. Ne din fee this courſe c 


23. fathoms fina 


Patturday chy 
18. fathoms red 
fals,¢ at 10, oftl 
wap to cleere our 
Aothiwards ; w 
inthe afternoone 
fathoms blacke o 
light, we founde 

Munday che 1 
8, any 7. katho m 
la we had red fi 
with a ſtower an 
maln the Baye 


mae 
e 
Sounheat. T 
ttolles s itlieeh of 

AND ie 
lum vs. Then 
Cat and Melt, 


belfe water berw 
talme : whereup 


With Vaigats, fo; 


— 
7 Lackman. 


— —-— 
ackman in 


V. the 
life 


e cate tothe 
from Wache 
ing our ancres pe: 
ef Ne Wil. 
1g as follo 

att and by Seat 
ou ſhall heare of pg 
Here be any Ruſſes 
de a letter vpon the 
The Lope bleſſe be 
land of Vorousko 
ue leagues dillant 


theall,¢ we bare ta 
re bare tothe Gath 
rth, About 5.in the 
caule was (as we 
mend her Hirrage, 
1 Chat he would goe 
irection , ſa woul 
Catt soycheatt che 
be found the pole 
clocke at night we 
y our reckoning. 

be eleuated 71 de 
A gentle gale: wer 


This day we did (ee 
ild not come neere 
led Cat ſoutheall 
e it became calm, 
e our ſelues of the 
S. Nicholas bay, 


ee haled along the 
Noꝛth from vs be⸗ 
ept vs backe there 
pe a long the {aio 
night folowing. 

the afogeſaid pee, 
we ſoſided againt 
South ſouthenlt, 
1.02 50. leagues as 
ng Southealt and 


ed to vs a ſhadohe 
in perteiuing that 
ed and had 50. la 
ea clocke at night 


bis courte noe 


| 1 * C Fackman. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


lud to make it: and fo we kene an outwardlp courſe, which dꝛaue vs to Noua Zembla. At fire in 
cheatternoone, we bad fight ofthe land againe, and bare with it: aſterwardthe wind dulled, and 
pas bery calme: we founded and had 1 20. fathoms blacke oases we ſent alſo our boate on land, 


ond and proue the land, and we came wich our ſhipye within an Illand, where wee roade all 


defame night, 

Che 11. dayin the moꝛning, we went into a Bape tu ride to pꝛouide vs wood and water. 

The 12. day the wind at. Southeaſt, about 1 1. ofthe clocke,there came downe a great white 
Beate to the water ſide, and tooke the water of his owne accozd, Me chaſed him with our boate, 
hut lo all that we could doe, he gate to land, aud {raped from vs. At 7. inthe afternoone, we being 
ſumibed with wood and wat er, did fet ſaile fe that we hope the wind would come (eſterly, 
and with {ailes aud oares we gate to the ſea: al the night it was calme with forage. This lande a 
foefaivis Noua Zembla. . 

Che 13. in the moꝛning, the wind was very variable with fogge, and as it cleered wp , we met 
nich great ſtoꝛe of pce, which ſhe wer to vs at the firſt like land. It did put vs to great trouble, and 
much the more for the fogge: we continued in it all the day, and all the night following. 

Chea 4. dap inthe mozning, we were incloſed with the aforefaid pre , ſo that wee were con 
rained to goe out the fame way that we came in: which loꝛtuned to vs by the pꝛouidence of God, 
othertwife it han bene vnpoſſible. Foz when we were almoſt incloſed with mightie great landes of 
te and could not perteaue any way out, being partly in delpaire of getting out, but there to pe⸗ 
ih itt pleated God to turne the wind, which made way through the pee, and caried vs cleere of it: 
by ir. ofthe clocke at noone, the wind came to the South and South and by ek. This dap 
ve founde the pole eleuated 70. degrees, 26. minutes. Ce laide it along the coaſte Monthwelt. 
vythe lying of it wee found it to be Noua Zembla. About 2. of the clocke in the afternoone, wee 
lanitte the Southward to doublethe pee , but we could not vpon that boꝛd: fo we caſt about ae 
gane, and laye Tiett along vnder the pce. About ſeuen in the afternoone , wee gate about the 
greatett part of the laid pte, and at 11, at night, we bꝛoughe the pce Southeaſt of vs, and ſo were 
de cleere of the trouble of it. 

ei. dap, about thee in the moming the wind South South welk, we caſt about, and lay 
tote Catwards: as we lapto Southeaſt, the wind did wetter, fo that we lay South Doutheakk, 
nich allawnd ſheate, and fo we ranne all the day. About eight in the euening, we ſounded, and had 
23,fachome (mall ſand. At one at night we founded againe, and had 29. fathoms ſande, as bee 


Hatturday che 16. at thꝛee in the moming, we halen along Eat Southeaſt, where we ſounde 
18, fathoms red ſand: then we baled along Moꝛtheaſt. In theſe ſoundings wee had many ouez 
fils,¢ at 10, of che clocke before noone, vce which was very great, ſo that we could not tel which 
wap to cleere our ſelues thereof, The wind came to the South Southealt, ſo that we lape to the 
Pothiwards : we thought that wap to cleere our ſelues of it, but we met with more pee, About 6. 
inthe aſternoone, the wind came Eat, then we lay to the Southwards: we founded and had 30, 
fathoms blacke oaze. This day we found the pole eleuated 69. degrees, 40. minuts . At 12. at 
gine, we ſounded and had 42. fathoms red ſand. 

Munday che 17. at thꝛee in the moꝛning · we had 12. kathoma, and at 9, in the moꝛning , we had 
8. and 7. fathoms. All this day we ranne South and South, and by Melk. At this depth afore: 
lun we had red land. All this wap we had but ſholled water. At 8. in the afternoone, the winde 
lich a ſtower and thunder came to the South welt, and then we ranne Catt DSoutheaſt. All this 
mann the Baye of Pechora. 

Pundapthe 18. at 7. in the moꝛning . we had ſight of the head land ol the Noꝛtheſt five of Pe- 
chora,tobere we found 2, Jllamds the Wetter fine of themlieth Noth Nozthwelt, and South 

a, There is a long point oz lande on the Eaſter five, mhereupon ſtandeth an heape of 

ttolles sitlieth off the Meſt fine Southwelt, and Noztheaſt, and ok the Calter fire it fallech ſouth 
and is a great Bave, wherein we ſawe no land, ſauing Vaigats, which lay Moꝛtheaſt 

lem vs. The Morther point ol the laid headland, and the Souther point of the Alland, lie due 
Catand elt, and is not paſt a mile viſtant from the othꝛr. And there are two fathoms and an 
ale water betweene them. And when we had gotten patt the laid Illands, within Vaigats it was 
nume: whereupon we ankered in 8. 07 9. fathoms water. Che Maſters mind was much co goe 


3 
4772 
tenof the clocke at afternoone, we had ſightof iand, which we thougbt to haue bene Morzouets: 
bur after'toard we found tt to be Colgoycue hy the ſoundings: and then we ſounded, aud had 53. Ae en Il⸗ 

blacke onze . Wrelently there fell a great fogge, whetefpze we durſt uot beare withthe 


* Zens 


Mur men ars 
riue at Poua 
Kembla, 


20 great white 
are. 


Wood and 


water talen 


Upon Nous 
Kembla, 


Bee, 


The Bap of 
Vechola. 


Waigats 36 


| Wath Vaigats, fo; chat ine ſawe no land to the Spouthinards,and had bene much troubled with pce, More. 


: 
478 The voyages and difcoueries Pet & Faciman. 


on Noua Zembla ſide. 


Cheparrinent The 19. day at two in the muꝛning, we (et ſaile, and raune Douth, and Mouth ſouth el all 


Watgats, 


the ſame dap, in 8. 7,6, fathoms. This was the Mouth part of Vaigats. This part of the um 
eth South and Month. At 4. inthe aſternoone, we found ſholde water, ſametime 4. fathom unt 
time 3. and 2. and one and a halfe, and then ankered, and ſent our boate away to ſound, andali te 
lee wards, we had but 4. and 3. fbote: there was not water ynough for our boate, betweene Vai. 
gats, and the other fine z and finding no moze water, there was no other way fed vs, hutto 
backe agatue as we came in. And hauing the wind at noꝛthweſt, at 12. of the clocke at night, wen 
ſet faile and turned out. The Southlive of Vaigats hath two Illands, which are very ſholde. Che 
Southide of Vaigats is a very faire and a greene land. 5 

The 20, dap, we plied to the Noꝛthmardg, and got deeper water, at 6. and 7. fathoms, 

Che 21. dap, the iind nozthwelt, we turned about the coatt nozth, aud north norhwwelt ano her 
8. 9. and 10. fathoms. 

Friday the 22. at a South ſunne, we ankered in a Baye of the Melk five of Vaigats , bethernt 
two Iſlands, and there furnithed our ſelues with wood and water, ſuppoling it had bene Vorou- 
ako Oſtroue. and bere fent fop our conforte,accopding to appointment, where wee found a goodly 
harbour, with Ruſſes croſſes at eche ſide and many Iſlands {cant to be number, with faire baieg, 
“to the noꝛthwards: and at a uoꝛthweſt {inne we waied, and turned out, aud by a noꝛth nonthen 
ſunne we doubled che cMeſtermolt land, and found the land to trend much to the Call warg, where 
we found many faire Iſlands, and many ouer fals in the offing (oz putting off.) Note, that wet 
went within none of the Iſlandg. 

Satturday the 23. we had the wind at ſouthweſt, with thicke weather, which aſter ward cle 
red vp to the ſoutheaſt very much winde and thicke ꝛ wherupon we taſt about to the TUieſtwan, 
meaning to ſeaſe the land, but we could not foꝛ that it was much wind, and a growen Sea, So 
we were put off againe, till we were among the pre, which forced vs to caſt about againe, and at 
terwarn we had the wind larged to the Melt ſouthwelt, and we had faire weather, and [mall ing 
ter: then we ſcuured our boate, which we to wed 5. daies before, Then it increaſed prefemipa 
great aud extreame gale of wind to the uoꝛthweſt: fo we tooke in our maine ſaile, and went with 
our forefaile, and about a noꝛth noꝛthweſt ſunne, J ſuppoſe we were thwart the foutheatt endeof 
Vaigats, hauing a great land of yce to the fea bod of vs, which alfo afterward did growe on hen 
of vs, and ſo troub led vs that it cauled vs to plye to the ſboare, where we thought we ſawe anf 
land, which chanced to be a faite Illand, lying halle a mile from the ſhoare, anda mile in length 
and halfe a mile ouer. Tothe noꝛchweſt of it lieth a point a mile off, ad bet weene them a Baye, 


Biaixe Cape, and to the ſoutheaſt cher leaguesof riſeth as it were a faire Cape like en beach: the maine, is e 


% good tide, 


trendeth Southeak and Noꝛthweſt. Chere goeth a good tide bet weene the Ffland and 
je maine. 


SDundapthe 24, we had the eleuation ofthe pole at 69. degrees, 4. minute, At a Well a by 


à̃ great Baye South ſunne. we palſed by a great arme, u. a bape, which hadtwo head lands: and being ouert 
with ttwo bead gainſt it foure leagues from the ſhaare, wee founded, and had 10, fathoms, and oazie fande sata 


noꝛthweſt and by north ſunne, we had fight of the William. All this day we bare along the fhoare, 
being continually among the pees and at a noꝛth and by Meſt ſunne, we bare noꝛth and by Ent, 
to the ſeaboond, ſeeking to be cleereofthe pce. Alter that, we had fight of the William, we barrel 
tothe (ea wards, meaning to cleere our felues of the pee: and ſoz that the pee grewe thicker, wet 
tooke in our failes,at a noꝛtheaſt ſunne. As 

Mundap the 25, we ankered with our grapnell vpon a peete of pce,to carp fop the William to 
fpeake with ber, fearing that we ſhould be inclofen , and not able to come together, to fpeakeone 
with another. Me are ag we efteeme, from the foutheatt part of the aforefarve Cape, which twee 
feeme like beach, to the foutheatt part of the riuer op Bape, which wee paſſed the 24. dape, 25. 
leagues, and from the maine 6, oz 7. leagues, where we continued all the day and night, to mend 
the Williams falle ſterne poſte, which was bꝛoken with the pte, the foure and twentieth 
day. 

Cueldap the 26, we continued at the afoꝛeſaid te, tilla Sonthwelk and by South fume, ad 
went north and by Eaſt to ſeeke to cleere vs of che pte, being enuitoned there with the wind beng 
Tick nopthwelt and failen 4, miles, and then had no way: fo we came to anker at a peete of yet, 
at a Meſt and by fouty ſunne. 

Menſdaythe 27, we put off fronithe yce, where wee roade at a Houtheaſt and by Eat found, 
and faplen three on foure homes tothe Southwards towards the lande, and then roade at an N 
land againe, ill me had dined, aud after we halen along the pte, tothe Iandward, tilla Nathuel 


ate, betweene Vai. 
forbs, hutto gee 
locke at night, wet 
e very ſholde. Che 


7. fathoms. 
5 noꝛthwelt, md hn 


f Vaigats, betweent 
it bor bene Vorou- 
wee found a 

d, with kun hun 
by a north noyeheat 
pe Eaſtward, where 
.) Hote, that wer 


hich aſter werd rlees 
to the ict warts, 
growen Sea, So 
bout againe, and ah 
ther, and {all wa⸗ 
creaſed prefemipa 
lille, and went with 
he foutheatt ende of 
d did grobe on hen 
ght we ſawe an J. 
da mile in length 
beene them a Baye, 

the maine, is e 
eene the Jlland and 


f. At a Let and by 
: and being oueras 
ind oazie lande sata 
e along thefhoare, 
r nonch and by Caf, 
Villiam, we bareil 
grewe thicker, wet 


b for the William, t 
ether, to {peake one 
Cape, which wee 

the 24. Daye, 25. 
and night, to mend 

ure and twentieth 


b South ſunne, as 
nitb.tbe wund being 
er at a peete of ptt, 


and by Catt found, 
en roade at an . 
D, tilla Nanthuut 
Dunne, 


Pig fackwam. of the Englith nation. 
‘ 3 - ee ee de = — 
ſumt and then the logge tame pen be\tehersbp we could goe no further that night: ſo we an · Fosse. 
perevepere al char nighr. N vid all chat nigbe, and blewe much wind at (ict Nonthweſt. Huowe. 
n creme, Mater Iackman, ænd George Sparrowe, came abooꝛdthe George. to tonferte che o 
user os where eh Deter conrering un maters in hande, foz che proceeding oz we “dete 
ndern of this out vopage : where Maſter Pet, and Patter lack man both, were very willing in 
törtheirver iom to doe for che beſt aruantage, and pofite ofthe company, This to conclude 
spas che generall voice ol Patter Pet, Malter lackman Hugh Smith, George Sparrowe, d me- 
Nicholas Chanceler. Fit we laid hefe our cies the cauſe of our let prefent, which was the ine 
quantitie of vce, wich the hugenes thereof: aud not onely that, but alſo the vnlake diſ⸗ 
foluing of the lald ce. the ſummer being fo fare ſpent, further the ſnowe falling with che froſt 
vpon the fame is an augmenter vnto the pre, and no diminiſher vnto the fame. And fur⸗ 
ve fine that no turtant runneth here, to be a diſperſer of the laid yce, and no fea goech here ta 
Molue it to water. Me haue had in the meane time very faire windes, ſullictent to haue palſedthe 
fathermott land, extenving Fronth, accopc.ig to the eMimate ol thole that gaue vs inſtruttions of 
this fate voyage. This alfa We linde by pꝛoole of traue ll, chat the farther we runne of tothe ſea, tu 
gathe mie Ocean, the chicker we finde the pce and ſmall hope ofa cleere fea, All theſe things 
lp cuuſtdered, out determination is, to ſecke by all meanes to get ta the fhoare, hoping thereto chee tefeing 
fone cleeve,to get to Vaigats, and there to conferre further, as tune any place ihall giue octa - 
‘ Cyarivay the 28, at none, all we afcheſaid, meeting together aboow che George agreed and 
ide full betermination of the pꝛemilſes afopeſaid: and at 3. in the afternoone, we warped frum 
woe fette ot pe to another eo get from them il it were pollible: wer continued in warping from 
yee copee sill nine atnight chen we moped borhour barkeg to a great peete of pre, all that night. 
Friuythe 29. the winde at Southiwel , at fue in the moming, wee ſet ſaileto pipe into the 
orte i we might poſſtble atta ine thereto: we made many a turne, hut to ſmall purpoſe. At two 
inthe aerwoone, by miſto tune, hitting a great pecce of yte, we brake off our grepe bel pet nes 
turtbelelle we vid our enderdur in turning. The William encombpen with pre, aum pettered,do- 5 
lag little goot.cooke in al ber faites and made faſt to a peere of pre : hawbeit the perceauing that 
pecontinued Hill turning vp and dowone, about 4, in the aſternoone vis it ſaile co follume us. At 
i jatteatternoone, we tooke in our alles. and made fatto a peeceof ↄce, to tarrp Sop the: Willi 
am: ihe petteauing that we froke ſaile, didthe like, and mane laſtto a peere of pee, a league and 


better from vs. 6 4 ‘a 4 14101 
" SDatturdany the 30. the wind being at Southenſt md by South nt a Sontheaſt fuune, we {et 
anh ‘nonity fooner hate done, bur that wetaried fo the William gu haue kun en in what Mate 
vine betauſe they tame ret to vs ouer night: but they moued not, till they laue bs begin s 
thus toecontirined allthe: day, Coking cur bent wap, as the pee would permit he: ſumetime we 
pent Woith ſometime Eat, ſometime Tek continuing thus till eight at night, che winde wax⸗ 
geile, we mopedto a peece of pee. andthere Rated tillthe next pap, 5 
e zr. at three inthe moming,we ſet laile, the winde betug Southwelt, toturne to winde · 
nut berein we dip little good 0h abe top as the winde is, lo ſetteth u curtenn 
the untent: neuerthelelle we did our beit, vntill 10. o „ and then that wee N 
incloled with pte, we mode fan td a peece of pre. All this vay the Wil 


479 


* 


e iche wind at Wonchpett, with taine audfopgge all day, wer were inclofen fo u. ch pee; 
arenen re aetDenternasne che wum ange dme, with muuch foule weather, 
eminent te em 1 
. * we ednet all bey dnp all nigbeiurlofkv in che por, ibu abibings the Lopes 

va Che 


480 The voyages and diſcoueries Pet, G Lackman, 


The 4. day, we continued incloſed with pre, which mereaſed moze and moze vpon vs. 

The 5. dap, all che moming raine, with much wind, at Bouth and South foutheatt, ann lutz 
cat. The {aid wind a little ſeparating the pce, made vs lome wap: ata Douthwwelk ſunme ne fee 
ſaile, and ſunden ly it became calme fop che ſpace of an haboꝛe : then the winde came to the Hox, 
noꝛth eaſt: we made wap though the ye, as we could ſinde pallage betweene them fop the hat 
of ther homes: then we met with an whole land ol pce, that wee could paſſe no further fopit fy 
we made our ſhips faſtto it, and roade by it all the night, which was very darke with fogge, 

The 6, we lay Millall the day and night. incloſed with pee. 

The 7. we continued ſtill fo incloſed with pee, that we could not irre, but defend che prety 

che ſhips ſide, as it tame grating vpon vs. 

The g. dap, verp faite anv calme. but a ſogge towards night : the winde came to the Sous 
ſoutheaſt a petie gale, which vid a little cauſe the pee to open: all the night was logge. Here wee 
had 70, fathome water. 

Che 9. the wind Honth weft and by Wiel anv all the afternoone Weft ſouthlwelt: twee laye 
till for that we were Mill int loſed with yce: the eleuation ofthe pole was 70. degrees, 4. mia 
we ſounded aud had 68, fathums dae. It did freeſe ſo hard in the night, that in the mozming wer 

bad much adore to paſſe thougbit. A we had continued there, and it had froleu the next night, wer 
fhouln hardiy haue gotten out of it. Hor , 

The 10. day, about 5, in the moning, wee fet ſaile, che winde at Cal noꝛthealt, a very fnall 
gale, with our boate a head to wing vs and bꝛeaking the pce with their vares, which bap frofenche 
night before Sometime we lay Soutbweſt, ſumetime Mit, as we might bet finde way. About 
6. iu the aſternoone the wind came to Moztheaſt with fogge, yet we bare ſaile all che Aale 

we ſounden and had 88. fathoms. There fell much howe in the night. . 
The 11. dap, we were much troubled with pce, ſo that wee were canſtrained to beare forceably 
touch it, in ſuch lot that it may be thaugbt impoltible. fop fuch imall barkes to palle it, butty 
tremitie caufeth men to doe much. Aboutnaone we ſounded, and had 95, fathoms. At chꝛer inch 
afternoone the wind came ta the Southweſt. and we being inclolſed wich much yee, were conttrap 
hed to take in all our ſailes, and to ride by a peece of pce. The 12. in the moꝛming the wind ſouth 
eaſt in manner calme. At 2. in the afternoone,the wind at South louchweſt: all theday duke 
with kogge aud frome’, At 6. inche afternoone, the winde being north nopeheatt, we let faile ad 
went ali night South weft, aud South ſouthweſt, as neere as the yee would mite vs leaue: h 
found the pre more fauourable to vs then we din beloze hoping to getcleere oft. 
Che 13. che wind at unthenſt. x no thealt and by eaũl. At 7, in the momning we byabeananker 
Gorke,being wpon the bone of our ſbip. with a blow which we hav againſt a peece of pee, Allchis 
dap we were very much ttoub led with pte. x had fo many great blowes againſt chert, that it was 
matuell chat the (hip mas able to abide them: alſothe ſhip giuing backe, bare the boate tu a per 
olyte, c byake her ſide, the boate being ty wart her ſterne v with che fame blow perifhed the hen 
of our rudder. This was a very hard day with vs. At night we came among much broken pte, and 
the wind ud blowe very much at noyths which cauſen the pre to duue: wee Draue with it n our 
mammsm Drift mas South. All the nigbt it did we very much. Che 14. day in the mowing; we made 
bur ſhin Fatt ta a peece of pct. did wine witbitsthe wing being nopeberip. In the meane time e 
menden our boate . aud the head of our rudder · ſo we continue all the day and night in diſt. 
Obe ry: dap the winn at noꝛtheaſt, we fee fale. at 6. in the moming bearing though che pte 
1 cleereten, & 9. at night, we entred int a cleere ſea at which ſight our hearts did greatly reiopce, as the bit | 
which was efcapen out of p cage, wherein fhe was kit long as prifoner. At this time we founded, nf inn lay ö 
e bar 19. fatboms. Me ran in ſouth metal mopnint til wo came to 14. fathoma: th we baled Aer 1 
let, til we came tu 10. fathums : chen ue went noch net fo fo the land trendeth. At none be WEE 4. inthe 
bad ſigbt of the land, being my cheeleaques ofits wumigbt hauefeene it fooner, tfthefogge ‘Che 26. / 
dad not bene. This dap we had p pole ana 11 80 19. minuts: we kept along the coattin neger 5 
10. C 9. fathoms. The hore along is euen g faite founding dit without fhotos of lands op rocks. 7 995 
The rsd, che win Caſt we werertonhled agatue witiyce, but we made greg Hii 
it * we gate „ noone we eae bony 1 1100 
‘where we great ‘pee all alangſſ it mhieh made vmoube o e * 
wich much trouble wegate betwerne the ſhante and cd. Allthe ende weden Ht 
Awphuer beat, the clocke, we found a great tobite Beare upon a peere of pte. Altbe night we halen Worth, snk 
north and by Catt, and ſmnetimes Cas; fen ſa boeth xe land tree. Che 17. day che 
Mourbeat inthe monming, wer halen aleng Udet, for ſa the Iaud dotth fbr be 
wich fog te ain we running tos neere the ſpaarenur hippe was on gound : but, God be 1 


Y Lackman, 


re vpon vs. 

y foucbeatt, md it 
ahwelt lune ine fet 
e ene 

ne t thace 
fe no further fd 
he with lage. 


tbefend the pre um 


tame to the 
pas logge. Here wer 


ſouthweſt : wer lit 
. degrees, 4 mim 
t in the moyning wer 
uche next wight, ber 


Athealk, a very fall 
which had frofenthe 
eft finbe wap, Abort 

le all the ui akon 


nen to beate foceably 
ses topalle it, but ey 
oms. Arche inthe 
ich pte, were colt 
uning the wind lout 
a: all chedap darks 

ce alle and 


pee n 

nit them, that it was 
the boate to a peece 
ow periſhed the hen 
ch bꝛoken te, and 
daue wich it, io our 
e mowing, de made 
u the meane time n 
saad in he ey 
ng thꝛou 5 
Eier che bid 
t an se 
hol 


1 eg 
pt along the coattin 
D8of fans op orks. 


: ae . ofthe Eñgliſh nation. 481 


being loan, we came of againe pveſamly. The William being on bead ol 


| tpegnte notre s fap it 
wand ſeeing vs trike ont ſailes, did anker bp Vorousko Oſtroue to ſtap fop vs, and fent fome of 


pe be but ee were tuner ſaile before they came nette bs : and hen we came to 
the William, we tooke in dur home; ann fa pinthe William : then we made ſaile, and went be⸗ 
tiene forme of the Illands: we haled Met ſouth welk, fo we paſſed Vaigats, and the Maſters 
ee erer eee an — — 
we ict our e Y „And ran ſo, till 12. at nigh, 
7 — — = 


€he 18, apa Gre in che mainz we founded, and ba 16. echo renee At nine wee 
been bad 14, and 10. fachen : we haben deſt — — a 
enen nthe Cen en allchebap ano nighe lowing, At 
emen eee 
19. ip tie inder CaBnoybeet, at fire ee Pe anvhap 191 fa’ 
rr and h 15. 


lehomt. 
e zo dap, at 7. i He mon ning. we founded and han chyee facbonrs blucke ae. About noone 
tenet ppouthe ſudden in ſholde water among fanves , whith ye chwart of Colgoycue: and 
vp ¢ downe, ſerking to ger e leere ol them, conttnuaſty founding, me come on grouud and 
0 ian alſo which was a league from vs. Anthe night. it hetug calme. we laid all our cables, 
mers, topes, and {uch like, vpon che ſand in the water, and made a rafte, wich fuch pꝛouiſian as 
. eee ee would beare, bir contve 


ee eee eee eee 

senied the water to be the higher, which dee eee eee eee 
Gewnttd 68, degrees 40. minuts. Mi the altern me the William and we bid let laile, ſeeking to si. den. 40. mi 

dere out felues of the laid holdeg boch our beiter being vn head of ba, fonnmingto fecke tothe 

. 7. md 8, fache rhe 3 ret the ſouth 

eee ——— ee eee 


* 
in ning, we caſt about. Rune nab, lauch. Gee 
od 2 eee anz — cbrtone, wer lad 2 
e 
nothwel and Cet aud by nopeh wit following, 
Sey ce onto een afveriunts toe bad Sate 5 
dt nd at 7 in the afternootie, the wind the Cal, end we lape Mieũ and by nn 
cane wems dis coms sate dhe Bape of Moreouete; then — 155 
1 off: hein get age 43 and Caſt and by noch, and fowmerines 
. ale agotne, vntill we rame tu 40, tat bones / Aten. Yap Catt and Ea bnd 
ni 
eee Weed Sa ing et, Menge then ete 
Pics Ds, wut nioniggbcanb chen toe cannes ze faehonnthen the wird came ee tenant 
5 whe roe along 


0 4 ‘ 4. in 


— 


chen art ehe was 


‘ 8 a 5 ; - 5 7 J 4 

482 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries Per & Fackman, 
en boat au bead, we gate tothe fea. in ide afterunane ce dun came cathe Cu and we rae 
Weit north welt. 


The 3 1, dayche wind at at beat ar none, tee mablethe b cine. alas. 
ape ule, tong cae Tinea tated 


HA 22505 


: add Seprember. 5 63 ob vag cing 
12 lirſt bape wind at soya width togge. continued our courte che 


werdendes ae poublen Fowlnes, All dem bungen 
viable; oe eng ner ern che euening the wind came to Sourhineff, aud Ile noch 
weſt, and noyrhmeſt. And berweene nine and ten of the clocke iu the nighe, —.— came to the 
Veit, a very Mitfe gale, that u were faine co lay it on hull to the noꝛth wards;for the ſpace o tuo 
2 » and at bꝛeake of dap, wee had fight of Sou) 
“rec incomming ene, eee at 
thelowe J in 3. 0j 5. 
we ou ape whe aa one vehement blattes, and lub raine, aba 
arenen eee 
The eight vavnesfonabie: sche wind being Melt and by Noth. 
Che ninth day, the wind at Cali at twelue ofthe clocke, we fet lalle, and by three ‘ihe 


soe ere eo en wet Weit and ſo continurballte 


ni 
. debe en graf p, gale, we continued our courſe aforetaid, This 
e found che euated ig. degrees. a. 
1 abe 1. arenen ei cine cue dap! bela 
pe or eleuated 68. degrees. 1H, mugs 
day, the miude S uth welk, che afternoone ſbuth, anv tothe Caftivan, 
‘aceonets saa te ——— the ſouthwards ol Laweltafte, where ne 


sockesee ‘og, and continued there till the 1.7. dap, having 
ate , with great ho wers, the winde continuing allihe 
a 1 4 e aden, at uo se emu, walt 


patnoone the wan came 
due aud lere dag fouthiwett al chen 
Ae —— . che hann being noch nowbeatt. Thisvay che pie 


4 The oe dap, we wen 
euated 66. dexreex, 30. mung. 
The i . is bap the pole tos eaten 64, egress. 
— Cat foutheat, we went South and by Catt il 
2 cae at ate. ttetoanne he ol clut 
grees,30. minuts, all the night was calme. 
Che 21. eee 


ſouth welt, and al} 
Sn a ee $1113 e. South, all che afternoone and night following, calme, 
The 23. dan ia nian eee wee put into a found called Ramſdil, 
where ‘we found ro be teh cy the bi Tanna nasil 
Where word place hat we falyy any. on gt pn hl ose harboutt, urill 
Reply Weston the as. dap, the weather being very ſtoꝛmie and rain 
9 hap ae ng el aaa boled along wucheel. 
afteru gent the bund came co ee Sout chen ne cat abou, an bp ie fee cache 
Barbour ann roabe vnder an Amd all ni 
Ila The 29. day, me thittes Som che aloze laid Alland, inn beter place, between rt Mu; 
Sept inindes oe ee foenta ap uren att of Norwsy 
Bop reat co 9 
0 we wilhed z. eee ae ham ita he m 
dn Che, n meet d nl ng: 23 b af $3," its dum d: N. ot Se 


av 


Ger. Me 


dimidium i itin 
continud inge 
une medium: 
exiftimo, in inti 
libet merces en 
glam deportay 
nabar ab Impe 
verd cum illius 
montorium qu 
commodiſſimu 
ponunitate, mi. 
doyari poſſet. l 
Plinio tantüm, ' 
beo. Polum eri 
bus didici: circ 
onem exiſtimo 
eidentem tentat 
propitls accedet 


quo ex omni pa 


netis virtute imal 
prout quis vel oi 
tis, & Mundi du 
hanc Magnetis 
Nhac re fi non 
uenire & caſtig 
negotio, à gelu | 
contingat, hoc 
Suminibus quæ 
reniffima Regi 
gettan,imo era 
chardi fluminui 
na Germanica e 
larijs Germanic 
Valde optard 
ponu, quem ve 
mute in hoc diſt 
proratione æſt 
Siterum ſex in 
parum vtiles hir 
ſinum Meroſi 
exquadam Tab 
ideſeriptioi 
oblata: Non dul 
¢aquam proxi 
medium fui ext 
deptaugtæ latitu 
edducenſisi 
erpiæ ab alio m 
amico repetij 


de plano Carpi 


be wind being we 
e bare Mel nach 
tombe came tothe 
on the {pace oft 
ad fight of Bau 


our felues mg 


ch raine, chat un 


p thee ince diet 
fo continucdalitte 


urſe afoqetain cht 
This day wein 


tothe Cactwant. 
weltafte, tobere ine 
ye 17. dap, hang 
e continuing all the 


64 degrees, zo. m. 
auth and by Enz 
pole elewated 63,0 
it came tothe lout) 


allowing, calme, 

nD called Ramſdil, 
d. Chat was che tet 
pain harbönt, but 


* 


fen along ound 
of ee clocks gt 
be coattof Norwny, 
— i ot 


Ger. Marcators letters. 


ol the Englifh nation f 


A letter of Gerardus Mercator pritten to M. Richard Hakluyt of O.xford,ronc hing 
sf mme intended diſcouerie of the Noithcatt paflage, Anno 158 . 
lteræ tuæ (Vir humaniſſime) 19. lunij demum mihi redditæ fuerunt: veheme- 
Aster dolui viſis illis tantam, non modo temporis, fed multò magis tempeſtiuæ 
2 inltructionis iacturam factam eſſe. Optaſſem, Arthurum Pet de quibuſdam 
oth 7551 non leuibus ante ſuuni diſceſſum præmonitum fuiſſe. Expeditiffima fane per 
7 ¥ Orientem in Cathaium eft nauigatio: & ſæpe miratus ſuin, eam fceliciter in- 
h choatam, deſertam fuiſſe, yelis in Occidenté tranflatis, poſtquam plus quam 
dimidium itineris veſtri iam notum haberent. Nam poft Infulam Vaigats, & Noua Zembla 
continud ingens ſequitur ſinus, quem ab ortu Tabin immane promontorium complectitur. In 
lune medium maxima illabuntur flumina, quæ vniuerſam Regioné Sericam perluentia, vtque 
exiftimo, in intima continentis vſq; magnis nauigijs peruia, facillimam rationé exhibent quaſ- 
libet merces ex Cataio, Mangi, Mien, cætetiſq; circumfuſis regnis contrahendi, atque in An- 
glam deportandi. Cæterum cum non temere eam nauigationem intermiſſam crederem, opi- 
mbar ab Imperatore Ruſſorum & Moſcouiæ obſtaculum aliquod interiectum fuiſſe: quod fi 
verd cum illius gratia vlterior illac nauigatio detur, ſuaderẽ profecto non primum Tabin pro- 
montorium quærere, atque explorare, ſed ſinum hunc atque flumina, in ijſq; portum aliquem 
commodiſſimum, ſtationẽmq; Anglicis Mercatoribus deligere, ex quo deinceps maiore op- 
ponuuitate, minoribuſq; periculis Tabin promontorium, & totius Cathai circumnauigatio in- 
chgati poſſet. Eſſe autem ingens in Septentrionem excurrens promontotium Tabin, non ex 
Plinio tantum, vetùm & alijs ſcriptoribus, & tabulis aliquot (licèt rudius depictis) certum ha- 
beo. Polum etiam Magnetis haud longè vltra Tabin fitum effe, certis Magnetis obſeruationi- 
bus didici: circa quem & Tabin plurimos eſſe ſcopulos, difficiléma; & periculoſam nauigati- 
onem exiſtimo: difficiliorem tamen ad Cathaium acceſſum fore opinot ea qua niic via in Oc- 
cidentem tentatur. Propinquior enim fiet hac nauigatio polo Magnetis, quà m altera, ad quem 
ptopiis accedere non puto tutum eſſe. Quia verò Magnes alium quam Mundi polum habet, 


quo ex omni parte reſpicit: qué propius ad eum acceditur, eð directorium illud Nauticũ mage 


netis virtute imbutum, magis à Septentrione deuiat, nunc in Occidentem, nunc in Orientem, 
ptout quis vel orientalior, vel occidentalior eft illo Meridiano, qui per vtrumq; polum Magne- 
tis,& Mundi ducitur. Mirabilis eft hac varietas, & quæ nauiganté plurimum fallere poteft,nifi 
haue Magnetis inconſtantiam nérit,& ad poli eleuationem per fattramanita ſubinde reſpiciat. 
Nac re i non fit inſtructus D. Arthurus . aut ea fit dexteritate, vt deprehenſo errore eum in- 
uenire & caſtigare poſſit, timeo ne deuias fac lat ambages, tempus illum fallat, & ſemiperacto 
negotio,a gelu præoccupetur: Aiunt enim ſinum illum fortis quotannis congelari. Quod fi 
contingat,hoc quod conſultius mihi viſum fuit, proximum illi erit refugium, vt in eo ſinu, ijfq; 
fuminibus que dixi, portum quærat, & per Legatum aliquem, cum magno Cham, nomine ſe- 
reniffime Reginæ notitiam,amicitiamque contrahat, quam opinor Maximo orbis Imperatori 
gratan,imo gratiſſimam fore propter remotiſſima cõmercia. Opinor ab oftijs Bautiſi & Oe- 
chardi fluminum maximorum, vſq; ad Cambalu Regiam ſummã Chami, non vltra 300. milia- 
na Germanica eſſe, & iter ſumendum per Ezinam vrbem regni Tangut, quæ 100. tantùm mi- 
liatijs Germanicis ab oftijs diſtare videtur, & paret Magno Cham. 

Valde optarem cognoſcere, quam altè communiter exurgat æſtus maris in eo Moſcouiæ 
ponu, quem veſtri pro ſtatione habent, & in alijs verfils orientem locis vſq; ad Tabin. Item, an 
mie in hoc diſtrictu ſemper in vnam partem, videlicet Orientem, aut Occidenté fluat, an vero 
proratione æſtuũ fluat, & reſſuat, in medio inquam canali, hoc eſt, an ibi ſex horis in occaſum, 
Riterum ſex in ortum fluat, an vetò ſemper in eandem partem: aliæ enim ſpeculationes non 
parum vtiles hine dependent. Idem optarem à D. Frobiſcero in occidentem obferuari, Quod 
adfimim Meroſro, & Canadam, ac Nouam Franc iam attinet, ea in meis tabulis deſumpta ſunt 
exquadam Tabula marina, quæ à quodam facerdote ex earum ditionum Naucleri peritiſſimi 
Gill deſeriptione excerpta fuit, & illuſtriſſimo Principi Georgio ab Auſtria epiſcopo Leodiẽſi 
oblata: Non dubito, quin quantum ad littorum ſitum attinet & poli eleuationem, ad veritatem 
es quàm proximè accedant. Habebat enim ea tabula præter ſcalam graduum latitudinis per 
medium fui extenſam, aliam præterea particularem Nouæ Franciæ littoribus adiunctam, qua 
deptauatæ latitudines, occafione erroris Magnetis ibi commiſſæ, caſtigarẽtur. Iacobi Cnoyen, 

eoducenfis itinerariũ per omnem Aſiam, Affricã, & Septentrionẽ, olim mihi Amicus Antu- 
erpizab alio mutuò acceptum cõmunicauit, eo vſus ſum, & teddidi: poſt multos annos eũdem 
amico repetij, & reminiſci ille non potuit à quo accepiſſet. Guilielmi Tripolitani & Ioãnis 
de plano Carpini ſcripta non vidi, tantum excerpta ex illis queda in alijs ſeriptis libris inueni. 
Xx. Abelfadæ- 


484 The voyages and difcouenes. Ger. Mercators late, 


Abeltedz Epitome gaudeo verti,vtinamn cito habeamus,. 

Hxc (mi Domine) tuis reſpondenda putaui: ſi quid eſt alind quod a me defideres, libenig. 
ſimè tibi communicabo : hoc viciſſum amanter i tuahumanizate petens, vt quæ ex 
nauigationis curſu obſeruata nanciſci poteris, mibi communices, penes me pro tuo arbiio 
manebunt omnia, & quæcunq; inde collegero, fideliter ad te perfcribam, ſi forte ad pulchers 
rimum, vtiliſſimũmq; orbi Chriftiano hoc nauigationis inſtitutum aliquid opis & conſilij ad. 
ferre poſſint. Bene vale, vir doctiffime. Duisburgi in Cliuia, 28. Iulij, 1580. 

Redeunte Arthuro, quæſo diſcas ab illo quæ optaui, & num alicubi in ſuo itinere, dulce ma 
re, aut parum ſalſum inuenerit: ſuſpicor enim mare inter Noua Zembla, & Tabin dulce effe, 

T. H. paratiſſimus quantus quan- 
tus ſum, Gerardus Mercam, 


. The fame in Englih. 


Ir, I teceiued pour letters the 19. of June: it grieued me much that vpon che light of theme 
time being ſpent, J could not giue any conuenient inſtructions: J with Arthur jer had bene 
tufourmen before his departure of ſome ſpetiall pointes, The vopage to Cathaio bp the Cat, ig 
doubtleſle very eaſie and ſhoꝛt, and I haue oftentimes maruel led that being fo happily begun k 
bath bene left of, and the courte changed into the ick, alter that more then halfe of your vopage 
was diſtouerev. Fo beyond the Illand of Vaigats, and Noua Zembla, there followeth pyrſend 
Ip a great baie, which on the left five isinclofed with the mightie pꝛumontozie Tabin. Juto the 
middes hereof there fall great riuers, which palling through the whole countrey of Serica, and 
being as J thinke nauigable wich great veſſels tuto the heart of the continent, may bee an ene 
meanes whereby to traffique foꝛ all maner of merchandize, and tranſpozt them out of Cathaio 
Nangi, Mien, and other kingdoms thereabouts into England: But conſidering with my belle 
that that nauigatton was not intermitted, but vpon great occaſion, I thought that the Emperour 
of Nuſlia and Maſcouie had hindered the watceeding thereof. Ir fo beethat with his grate and fhe 
uour a further nauigation may be made. I would counſell them certainely not firſt to ſeebe out the 
promontope Tabin, hut to ſearch this baie and riuers afoꝛeſapd, and iu themto picke and choole 
dut {ome conuenient porte and harboꝛough for the Engliſh merchaunta, from whence afterward 
with moze opportunistic and leſle perill the wromontopie Tabin, and all the coaſt of Cathaio map 
be diſcouered. And that there is {uch a huge premontopie called Tabin, J am certainty perfive 
ded not onely out of Plinie, but alſo othet writers, and ſome Paps (though ſome what rurely 
mawen) : and that the pole of the Loadeſtone is not farre beyond Tabin, J haue learned by the 
certayne obleruations of the Loadeſtoue: about which pole and Tabin, I thinke there are dery 
many rockes, and very hard and dangerous ſailing: and pet a moe hard and difficile pallage J 
thinke it to bee this way which is now attempted by the Tek, fo it is neerer to the pole of the 
Loadſtone, tu the which I thinke it not ſafe to appꝛoch. And betauſe the Loadſtone bath another 
pole then that of the woꝛlde, to the which from all partes it hath a reſpect, the neerer you come 
vnto it, the moe the needle of the compaſle doeth varie from the Noth, ſometimes to the Ie 
fometimesto the Eat, accoꝛding as a man is to the Eaſtward oꝝ to the Meſtward of that Peri 
dian . chat paſſeth bp both the poles of the Magnes and the World. 

This is a ſtrange alteration and verp apt to deceiue the Sailer, vnleſſe hee know the bneone 
ſcantie and variation of the compaſſe, and take the eleuation of the pole ſometimes with his inltm⸗ 
ments. It maſter Arthur bee not well pꝛouided in this bebalfe, oz of (uch dexteritie, that perceie 
uing the errour he be uot able to coprect che fame, J feare leaſt in wandering vp and downe he loft 
his time, and be ouertaken with the ice in the midſt of the enterpꝛiſe. For that gulfe, as they fap,is 
feofen cuery peere very hard, which if it be fo, the bet counſell J could giue for their beit ſaletie, 
were ta ſeeke ſome harboꝛough inthat baie, and thoſe riuers whereof J haue ſpoken, and by fome 
Ambaſſido to make friendſhip and acquaintance with the great Cham, in name ofthe Ducenes 
maieſtie, which I beleeue will be grateful to the mightieſt Emperour in the world, yea moſt peel: 
lent for the length of the traffique, and great diſtance of the places. I chinke from the mouthsof the 
mightie riuers Bautiſus Oechardus ta Cambalu the chiefeſt {eat of the mince, the Cham there 
are not pat 300. Sermane miles. and to paſſe by Ez ina a citie of the kingdom of Tangut, nich 
ſeemethto be but 100. German miles fro the mouthes of p laid riuerꝝ, eis ſubiect to great Cham. 

I would gladly know how high the fea dueth ſlowe commonly in the porte of Moſtouia where 
pour men do h und in other Cattertp places onto Tabin. And alſo tuber ber the fea inchis 
el ll ne e eee 


— 


ators lester, 


defideres, libenti. 
que ex veri 

e pro tuo aibittio 
forte ad pulcher- 
pis & confilij ad- 


itinere, dulce mas 
abin dulce eſſe. 
antus qtian. 
dus Mercate, 


he fight of themthe 
rthur Pet had bene 
aio bp the Eat, is 
o happily begun, i 
alfe of pour voyage 
kolloweth prefents 
ie Tabin. Juto the 
rey of Serica, n 
t, may bee an tale 
m out of Cathaio 
ing with my ſelſe 
that the Emperour 
h his grace and fas 
firſt to feeke out the 
to picke and chrole 
whence afterivard 
of Cathaio map 
certainty perfings 
ſome what rudelp 
haue learned by the 
ke there are very 
difficile pallage J 
to the pole of the 
dſtone hath another 
neerer you tome 
stothe Mel un 
ward of that Peri 


Pe know the bncon⸗ 
es with bis iultm· 
teritie, that pertei⸗ 
band downe he loſe 
gulfe, as they fap,is 
poker, and by fome 


. 9 


Orders for the Fleete. of the Englith nation. 


fate che Melt, and as may backe againe to the Catt, for hereupon depend other ſpeculati⸗ 
—— would wilh op. Frobiſber to oblerue the ſume Tettwards, Concerning the 
pinke Meroſto and Canada, and new France which are in my mappes, thep were taken out of 
acetamne (ea card diawen by a certaine pꝛieſt out ofthe deſcription of a Frenchman, a Pilot very 
fuilfull in thole partes. and pꝛelented to the woꝛthie prince George of Auſtria, biſbop of Liege: fop 
cgeteenbings ofthe colt, and the elewation of che pole, J doubt hot but they are bery necre the 
nud: forthe Charte bad, beſide a ſcale o degrees of latituve patling through the middeſt ol it, 
dur particularly aunexed to the coatt of Mew France, where with the errour of the latitudes 
counter by reaſon of the variation of the compaſſe might be correrted. The hittorie of the vop⸗ 
sof lacobus Cnoyen Buſcoducenſis thiougbout all & fia, Affrica, and the orth, was lene me 
fntiie patt by a friend ol mine at Antwerpe. After I had vled it, A reftoevit againe : alter ma⸗ 
np peeres J required it againe of my ktiend, but hee had forgotten of whom hee had bozrowed it. 
Che wings of Guiliemus Ttip olitanus, and Ioannes de Plano Carpini, I neuer ſawonely I 
foandcertaine pieces of them in other witten hand bookes.3 am glad the Epitomie of Abelfada 


ping which thips N 
1 pis 7 
Oꝛaſmuch as the number of (hips which we purpoſe to lend in this Fleete toge⸗ 
for S. Nicholas in Nuſſia, is greater then at any time heretofore wee haue 
C Cone chither, as alſo foztbat ſome ſpeaches are giuen our that you thall bee met 
ie withall by fach as with foice and violence will allault you as enemies, to the ende 
a. a that good oꝛder map be eſtabliſhed among pou fo? keeping together in companie, 
“Hand vniting pour koꝛces, as well fo} che better direction to be had in pour nauigati⸗ 
on, ag allo do; pour more fafetie and ſtrength againſt the enemie, we haue thought good to appoint 
mung pou an Admirall und viceavmirall and chat all of port and euerp one particularly thall bee 
bund in the ſunnne ok one hundꝛed pounds to keeye company together. 3 
2 Berauſe the Salomon is the biggelt hip, beſt appointed, and of greatett fopce to Defend oz 
teuoche enemie, we doe therefore appoint that hip Aumnirall, which tall weare the lag inthe’ 

pp. = sgl etek 5 

3 The Thonns Allen being a good ſhip anv well appointed, and foi that the maker of bet i 
teancientelt matter of the Fleete that bath taken charge that wap, we doe appoint the fame ſhip 

tube Ulceavmirall, and to weare the flag in the fore top. . 
4 Andfor that the matter of the japudence is of great experience, and knomledge in that bope 
Me, we dot appoint that he with the matter of the Admirall and Cticeadmivall hall conferre,con 
lat and agree vpon the courſes R volage, and it ſhall be yr 
„ r. 2. 


485 


Fine pn iy —— enesins 
vingtache mantr ofthe cides iche mivdle af the chanel, that isco fap, mhether it flow tert fire von rhe ove 


feruattons of 
the 1 9 * 
eal 
1 119, 


86 The voyages and diſcoueries Orders for the Fleete, 


4 


— —— — — — 
full vnto the matter of the Admiral, wich che conſent of . Gibs, and . Biggat, op one ofthemto 
make his courfes and directions from time to time during the whole voyage, and all the fete are 
Mee eee at anp time vpon the pe: 
naltie before ſpetiſied. ‘ 

5 The appointing ofthe Hips fon Avmnicall and Uiteadmmirall, and thoſe men to cenfuleans » 
gree vpon the courſes and directions o che voyage, as aforefaid, hath bene done by the confeng 
aud with the liking of pou all, and therelope iu doubt nos but that pou will all carefully and wi, 
ling ix obſerue the pꝛemiſſes. i 

s Item, we haue thought goon to put you in mind chat at luch times ag pou may conueniently 
from time to time, you doc alltmble and meetetogither, tu canſider, conſult, anddetermine pm 
ſuch articles as pou thall ehinke neceflarte to be propounded touching pour belt ſafetie and defence 
againſt all forces that map bee offered pou in this volage, as well outwardes bound, and tube 
pou ſhall remaine in the roade and baie of W. Richolas, as alfo home wardes bound, and thee 
which you Hal agree vpon, oz that which mot of pou ſhall confent vuto, cauſe it to be {et downeln 
whiting fop record, which map ler d) an acte amongſt pour ſelues to binde pou all to obferne 
the fame, 8 

7 Wie haue appointed James Aoodcocke in the final barke to attend vpon you, and to receing 
his direttions from you. Dou are thirefore to remember well what conference and talke bath bene 
bad with pou here befone your going touching the ſayd barke to what purpofes the may bell laut, 
aud the maner how to imploy ber, and thereupon to giue pour oꝛder and direction vnto him, asche 
time and place ſhall require, 

8 Item, il vou ſhal vnderſtand as you are outinards bound, that the enemie is gone before pou 
to S. Nicholas, remember what aduiſe hath bene giuen vou foz pour Tap at Berozoua Vitis, 
till pou haue by pials viewed and vnderſtood the loztes, and the maner of their above at that 


place. 

9 And fin the Sea eirher outiwardes o; home wardes, opin che time of pour abode at anker 
at Saint Nicholas, pou ſhall bee aſſaulted by fopce of anp, as enemie whatſoeuer, pou att tu do 
fend pou ſclues with ſuch forces as you may oʒ can: truſt not too larre, neither giue place to inn 


e. ; 

10 Wow will not forget what conference wee had touching pour palling outwarns boundby 
Wardhouſe, to view ¢ vnderſtand what pou can at that place, ¢ to thew pour ſelues to (ee if there 
be any there that haue a mind to ſpeake with you, fop chat we thinke it better then andtherrabont, 
then aftcripards o els where. f | 

11 While pou thall rematne in the road at S. Wicholas, bee cirrumſpecr and careful to haus 
pour thipg in readineſſe, and in good oer al wayes, and vpon all ſuddens. The greatelt danger 
bnto you in that place, will be tubile you (hall Gift your Chips: cherefoge pou are to conſder ofit, 
but the litteſt time foꝛ pou to doe the fame, will bee when the winde is Doutherlic ofthe ſhor, a; 
calme,and at ſuch time pou may the better doe it without daunger. Nou muſt take ſuch onder a 
mong pou, that your companies map bee alwayes willing and readie to helpe one the other, and 
appoint among pour (clues ſuch ſhips to ſhiſt irk, and ſuch after, in ſuch fore and fourme as pon 
ſhall chinke belt and moſt canuenient. And while they ſhall bee in dilcharging. ſhiſting. and la 
ding, let the reſt ol your companies which hane not then to doe in lading oz diſcharging, hehe 
thole ſhippes that ſhall haue labour to doe, as well for carping the Barkes from ſhips to the thoy, 
W the ſhippe with pour boates, as allo For any other helpe that they hall haut 


12 Remember what hath bene laid vnto you touching the moꝛing of pur Hips, xt. fo bing am 
uantage againſt the enemie, if pou ſhall be aſſaulted in that place. 
2 3 Der that vou ſerue God, aboliſh ſwearing and gaming, bee carefull of fire and candles, 


14 Pou ereto conſult and agree among pour ſelues vpon ſignes, tokens, and good opoers fn 
the better keeping of companie together, and allo the maner hom and by what meanes, reſ bur, 
aide oz helpe may be giuen by one to the other in fight, if pou happen to come to it. 

Thus we psy God ta fend you a ꝑoſperous voiage and fate returne. 


— 
or the Fleete, 


Cat: oꝭ one of them tp 
AND all the fleete are 
inp time vpon the pe 


men to cenſult and z 
done by the confeng 
l carefully and wil 


ou may contienient|p 
and determine vpn 
ett ſafetie and defence 
bound, and while 
des bound, and thut 
ſe it to be {ee downey 
de pou all to obſaue 


on pous and to rereiue 
re and talke bath bene 
fes the may bet crue, 
ction vnto him, asthe 


nie is gone befor yon 
d at Berozoua Viti, 
Of their abode at that 


f pour abode at anker 
ſoeuer, pou att to de 
er giue plate to inn 


g outwards bound by 
ir ſelues to (ee ifthere 
rthen andthereabolt, 


eh , pea 
e greatelt danger 
u are to conſder oki, 
itherlie off the thoy, o) 
t take ſuch onder a 
e one the other, and 
a ag pou 


ing, hiſting, and la 
on dilcharging, hexe 
umſhepg to the thoy, 

e that they ſhall haue 
x chips, xc. f bing w 


ok fire and candles, 


1 it. 


and good overs in 


ferome Bowes. ofthe Englifh nation. 
The opinion of maſter William Burrough ſent to a friend, re- 


mained a 
um would doe. 
Fqanlwere thereunto this is my meaning, though J wiſh the gresten part of our 
n would J haue one good 
dum ta be tondictone withallto rematne at . Nicholas from the 
mnetkof Auguit, on to bi vifpatcher thence fooner,ac the will and lung of our factors fo) the 
ſuneꝛby this oꝛder theſe commodities following map enſue. a 
1 Pou map haue our conunodities there timelp to fend vn the tiuer before it ware (hallow, to 
dedißerſedin the countrey at pour pleaſure. at 219 
2 Ve greateſt part of our goods map be returned hicher timely to ſerue the ſrſt markers. 
3 Murlate Chips remaining fo long bere, may ſerue to goon purpoſe, fo) return ing anſ were of 
fac totere ag map be enc ouer land, and receinen tere betoye chete ute 
4 Theis remapning 
tap bung Tach copdage, (tare, Dile and other commodities, as you can pꝛouide before that time: 
‘md Welly map ferue vs in ſtead to bꝛing honte our goods that may be ſent vs from Perſia. 
uſeeing it may be fo many wayes commonious ta the company to oh “erue this oder, with 
am cherge vnto them, J wilb that you put to pour helping hand to furt r the lame. 


Acopie of the Commiſſion giuen to Sir lerome Bowes, autho- 
rizing bim her MaieSties Mink alfa 
Anno 1 5 8 nee 


ae 
W 4 


Nouogrodiz in infetiori regione Chemige Razanee, Polotfcoe, Ratfauise’, Yeraflauz, 
Belozeri, Liflandiz, Oudori, & Condentie, 


Anderwich Spifemski , nuper ad nos ablegauerit, 


487 
ing his iudgement for the pee time of the departure of our bi $ 
uin 8. 2 25 ” of Pp of ip. 


bereas pou requettmee to perſwadethe companie not to ſend tbeir hipped 


dcm bence befone the line of Bap, I dos not thinke the fame fo good a courte 
Acbemm oblerue: fop pou know that the ſooner wer fend them hence, the 


fooner we may looke for their returne. Ff we fendehemin the beginning of 


%%% 
„ N Map, then may they be at S. Nicholas by the fine of the Came moneth: and 


by that time the greateſt part ol pour lading of necefficte mutt be come Down, 


cee che dare: but fit houte fall out ſo lntebab a breaking np ofthe 
nur of Dwina,that bp the endol May che goods cannot bee boourte to S. Nicholas, pet this is 
ies to be accounted f certaine, chat before our ſhippes can tome thither, the goods may bee 
done to that place and il though ice the ſhippes bee kept backe anp time, the laſle and 
of that time toucheth not the compante at all, but the otuners of the ſhips, and pet will the 
Owners put that in aduentuoe, rather then carie 
Fu leeing by ſending our Hips hence in the beginning of Map, their arriuall at . Ale 
choles map be at the ende of the fame moncth, and remaining thirtie dayes there, they may bee 
lden and tome thence by che laſt of June, and returne home hither by the 10. of Auguſt with 
commodities to ſerue the market then, it connot be denied but we ſhould reape thereby great com 


But it may be obiected, chat ir all our llips bee ſent chen to return as afmetaiv, you (all not 
ler able to ſend vs in fo much coꝛdage, Maxe and Oples, as otherwiſe you ſhould doe if they re: 
moneth longer, neithet could pou bp that time perfect pour accounts to bee ſent in them 


longer time before their going hence, 


.. — 
ence, ne the andthe 10,dap of June: and 
z Erh arriuatl there vntill the 


Departure. 
ing fo late with pou (hall ſatiſſte pour deſtre fon perfecting, pour accounts, and 


adour with the great Duke of Rufsia, 


LIZABETHA Dei gratia, Angſiæ, Franciæ, & Hybernie Regina, fidei de- 
fenſatrix, &c. Vaniverfis Be Ae Lew Uteras viſuris, & infpedtuis, fae 
lutem. Cum Sereniffirnus Princeps, Ioannes Bafilius, Rex, & magnus Dug 
ARuffie; Volodomeræ, Mofconia; & Nouogrodiæ, Rex Caffani, & Aftrar 
cani, Dominus Plefcoz, & magnus Dux Smolenfcoz, Tuerl, Vgori, Per- 
miz, Valez, Bolharæ, & aliarum ditionum: Dominus & magnus Dux 


& gubernator in tota provincia Seberig, & denen gi“ 
Septentrionalium, & aliarum, frater, 8¢:Amicus chariſſimus, Nobilem virus Sti say to 
i ad certa quedam negotia nobif she f 


Xx. 3. cum 


| 
488 The voyages and diſcoueries &. ser. Bowes Commiffion, 


cum agenda, quæ honotem verinque noltrum quam proxime attingunt, quæ que rect definini 
concludique nequeunt, niſi Ambaſſiatorem aliquem & oratorem ad præfatum ſeteniſſimum 
principem amandauerimus : Hine eft,qudd nos de fidelitate,induftria,prouida circumfpedtio. 
ne, & latis magno rerũ vſu, prædilecti nobis famuli noftti, Hicronimi Bowes Militis, ex nobilj. 
bus domeſticis noſtris vnius, plurimum confidentes, prefatum Hieronimum Bowes Militem, 
noſtrum verum, & indubitatum Ambaſſiatorem, Oratorem, & Commiſſarium ſpecialem fici 
mus, & conſtituimus per ptæſentes. Dantes, & concedentes eidem Hieronimo Bowes Militi 
oratori noſtro tenote præſentium, authoritatenn, t mandatũ, tam generale, quàm {peciale, ita 
udd ſpecialitas non deroget generalitati, nec ¢ contra generalitas ſpecialitati, nomine no- 
o, & pro nobis, cum præfato ſereniſſimo principe, eiùſque confiliarijs, & deputatis quibuf. 
cunqʒ de prefatis negotijs & eorum fingulis,traCtandi,conferendi,concludédi appunct 
prout præfato Oratori noſtro æquum, & ex honore noſtro videbitur: Nec non de, & ſuper u- 
iuſmodi tractatis, concluſis, appunctuatiſq;, cæteriſq; omnibus & fingulis,premifla quouiſmo. 
do concernentibus, literas, & inſtrumenta valida & efficacia, nomine noftro, & pro nobis tra. 
dendi,literafq; & inſtrumenta conſimilis vigoris & effectus ex altera parte petendi, & confici, 
& ſigillari debite procurandi, & recipiendi, & generaliter omnia, & ſingula, præmiſſa qualiter. 
cunqʒ concernentia,faciendi,exercendi,& expediendi, in, & eodem modo, ſicut nos iph faceres 
mus, & facere poſſemus, fi eſſemus præſentes, etiamfitalia ſint, que de fe mandatum exigant 
magis fpeciale : promittentes bona fide, & in verbo Regio, omnia & ſingula, que per pradis 
Gum Ambaſſiatorem, & oratorem noſtrum appunctuata, promiſſa, conuenta, concordata,& 
eoncluſa fuerint in hac parte, nos rata & grata, firma habituras & obſeruaturas, & ſuper nde 
literas noftras patentes confirmatorias, & ap probatorias in forma valida, & autentic a, ptouto · 
pus fuerit, daturas. In cuius rei teſtimonium, his præſentibus manu noftra ſignatis, magnum ſi- 
gillum noftrum regni noſtri Angliæ apponi fecimus. Datæ e Regia noſtra Grenwici, quinto de 
menſis Iunij, Anno Dom. 158 3. Regni verò noftri viceſſuno quinto. 


7 Neſone in Englifh. 


LIZ ABE TH bythe grate ot God, Queene of England, Frante and Iteland, defender of 

the laith, xc. to all and ſuxular, to whons theſe pefents Thal comet be ſeene aud red gettin 
Lubereas the mot excellent wince Iohn Baſiliwich king. and great duke of all Ruſſia, Volodo· 
mere, Moſcouie, and Nouogtode king of Cafan and Aftracan, loꝛdof Pleſco, and great dul of 
Smolen{co,of Tuer, Vgor, mud Permia, Valca, Bolhar and ſthers, loꝛp great nuke of Nouogrode 
in the low countrey of Cherinega, Raſar, Polotſco, Roſtaue, Veraſlaue, Belozer, Lifland, Ou- 
dor, Ohdor aud Condene, and gouernour of all the land of Seberia,anvofthe North parts audo 
thers, our molt deare bother and friend didot late fend onto vs one Feder Anderwich Spifernshy, 


a noble man ee eee buſineſſeg, reſpecting verp neerelx the bo: 
nour ok either ol vs, and being ſuch as without the ſperding of ſome —— ofoms tothe 


ence of our welbeloued ſeruaunt Jerome 
do by theſe pꝛeſents make and conftitute the 
ted Amballadour, D2 fj 
Bowes 


a 3 five the ge: 


np 
ll letets 


oat i 
prorhided agree, at 


dence, & Gub 
fratri & amico fi 
Sereniffime p 


minus. In qu 


tiquam dubitan 
babet nobis it 
elm nobis mult 
nus, rogamu: 
plutimatum vir 
neutiquam able 
nis’. In qu 

io ptefatum Tac 
ſeruet, de ificoll 
X58 3,regni v 


Commiffon ’ “Tbe Qucenes letter, of the Engli 4389 


— Ade Si 
que reciè defini eavconciuncd in this bebalfe, as luwtull. gratefull, and firme, and therupon as nerd thall require, 
tum fereniffimum will giue our lettera pacents, confirmatonie and apppobatopie, in tonne effectual! and autenticall. 
ida circumfpedio. qatwitnettt toherof, we haue cauſed our great ſeale of our kingdome of Eugland to be put ta 
s Militis, ex nobili. defo iefents, and ſigneb chem with our owne hand. 
n Bowes Militem, Giten at our pallace of Greene wich the fourth day of June, in the peere of our Lopd, 1 5 8 3, 
um ſpecialem faci- un olour reigne the lune and twentith. 
imo Bowes Militi A 
bam fpeciale, ia A letter ſent from her highneſſe to the ſayd great Duke of 

ati, nomin ; H 
tdepuatis cubed Ru/sia, by Sir Fdterome Bowes aforefayd, her 
di appundtuandig Maieſties Ambaſſadour. 
on de, & fuperh; 5 1 3 ; 4 : N 
remifla quale dern imo Principi ac Domino, Danni Baſilio, Dei gratia Regi ex magno 
o, & pro nobis tra. ’ Duci totius Raffi, Volodomera, cre. Regi Caſſani, v. Domino Pleſcos, Gr. 
petendi, & confici, Domino & magno Duci Nonogrodia, cc. & Gubernatori in tota pro- 
amen ualiter. uincia Sebevia, cc. Fratri, & amico nostro chariſſimo. 
eut nos ipfi faceree PES ; 
nandatum exigant a —— LIZABETH A, Dei gratia Anglia, Francia, & Hiberni Regina, fidei 
la, que per pradis PY FEN | defenfatrix, &c. Sereniſſimo Principi ac Domino, Ioanni Baſilio, eadem 
nta, concorchti, & ME || Dei gratia Regi & magno Ducitotius Ruſſiæ, Volodomera)Mofcouiz & 
turas, de ſuper nde \ oe Nouogrodiz,Regi Caſſani & Aſtracani, Domino Pleſcoæ, & magno Duci 
autentica,proutos Beye Smolenſcoæ, Tueri, Vgori, Permiæ, Valcæ, Bolharæ, & aliarum ditionum, 
natis, magnum fi 7 & BY || Domino & magno Duci Nouogrodiz in inferiori regione Cheruigæ, Ra- 
1 oie ans, Polotſcoæ, Ratſtouæ, Iroſſauæ, Belozeri, Liflandiz,Oudori,& Con- 


dencr, & Gubernatori in tota prouincia Sebetiæ, & partium Septentrionalium, & aliarum, 
fratri & amico ſuo chariffimo, Salutem. a . ee 

dereniſſime princeps, frater & amice ehariſſime, ex ijs que nobiſcum egit, S. V. illuftris le- 

, intelleximus, quam grate vobis faceretnus fatis, fi legatum aliquem cum mandatis in- 

fran, adS, V.ablébaremus In quo céred quidem inſtituto adeò nobis exanimo placuit, 


teland, delendet of 


vod eft one ſtè poſtufatumi, vt non mii pręſtita re, poſſemus nobis quoqua modo ſatisfacere. 
e audred.grecting, 9 id haberemus apud nos decretum, nobis non incommodꝭ incurrit in mentem & o- 
ll Ruſſia, Volodos culos Hieronimus Bowes miles, ex ne bilibus noſtris Domeſticis, plurimùm nobis dilectus, 
, and greet Duke of quem r cuius prudentiæ & fidei, totum hoc quic quid eft, 
luke of Nouogrode quod ad Serenitatũ miltud noſtrarũ dignicatem ariandam pertinere poffe arbitramur, com- 
lozer, Lifland, Ou. mifoius. In quo munete perfungendo, quin ommem curam duigent iam ſit collaturus, neu- 
Noth parts ando tiquam dubitamus: à S. autẽ V. rogamus, velit ei eam fidem habere in ijs perſequendis quæ 
srwich Spifernsky, babeta nobis in mandatis, quam nobis habendani puturet, fi eſſemus præſentes. Prætered, 
tp — ho amnobis multum charus fit Robértus Iaeobus medicus, quem fuperiori j anno, ad S. V. mi- 11582. 
Dour ofots tothe fiers, rogamus vt eum eo loco 8. V. habeat, quo virum probatiffimuns, & ſingulari quim 
Fozthis cauſe wee phirimatum virtutum laude ornatutt habendum eſſe, boni prinelpes cenſent. Quem a nobis 
conuenient expen Reutiquam ablegauiffemus, niſi amicitiæ noſtræ, & ſtudio gratificandi S. V. plurimum tribu- 
tie of our houthot, eme. In quia’ dum volunkate manemus erga S. V. non niſi optimè de bonis veſſtis meritis 
ur true and vndoub ip præfatum Iacobum nobis pollicemut. Et Deum Opt. Max. precamur, vt 8. V. ſaluam con- 
othe fame Jerome feruet, Se iticollimém . Datæ d Regia noftra Grenouici 19 N menſis Iunij, Anno Domini 

W ache 


1583,rconi verd noftri viceffimo quinto 
GOST Bie Adee ¢ Dhvitoes Ol esol 


e ropeta WA) PISS dT OOS | me nod isle ce n,. U YEN VHT Oe a} 
nt key : 4 : 
i” 7 


924 


; of all 
Salutations, 
ok 


— !. ,. 
490 he voyages and diſcoueries Preferring of ſuiter. 


Molt excellent Hainte, maſt deare bother and frend, by thofe things which che worthy amal 
{adoz of pour cxellencie declared onto vs, we haue vnderſtood hom kindelyit aould betaben if we 
Gould ſend to pour exiellency an anbaſſaboꝛ from bs, with commandement and infractions, J 
mich matter pour honourable requeſt hath fo much pleaſed vs, that we could not any manner of 
wap ſatiſſie our ſelues, except we perfoꝛmed the fame. And hauing purpoled with our {rife (0 tp 
doe, we thought of, and remembꝛed Jerome Bowes knight, a gentleman of qualitie of our outs 
holde, a man very much beloued ol vs, whome at this pꝛeſent we fend vnto pour Maieſtie, ande 
whofe wiledome and faichkulnelle due haue committed all, whatſdeuer we take to appertaine tothe 
aduantement of both our honours indifferently. In the dilcharge of which ſeruice, we doubtuut 
but that all care and diligence thall be vſedon his part, fo that we intreat your qaieſne to gut 
him credente in the profecucing of thole thinges which he hath from vs in commandement, nok 

Dorint FArob chen co our ſelfeit we were pretent, And whereas Robert Jacob, dactop of phiſicke is amen 
deare vnto vg, whome the laſt peere we font buto pour excellency, we defire that he may haueth 
fatto, and eſtimation with pou, which good princes thinke a molt honeſt and vertuous man tog: 
thie ol: fn had we not carryed great reſpect to our mutual friendſſippe, and indeuoꝛ to granit 
pour Maieſtie, we ſhould in no cafe haue parted with him. And ſeeing we continue fill the fame 
good will towards pour excellencp, we do euen pꝛoniſe to our ſelfe pour honorable kindneſſex tp. 
hoards him: and we ay the almighty God to pꝛeſerue pour Maieſty in good ſafetie and health, 
Giuen at our pallace of Greenewich, che 19 day ol June, in the peere ofour Lod 15 83, det 
our reigne, the liue and twentith. 


Vour Maieſties good ſiſter. 


The maner of the preferring of ſutes in Ruſs ia, by the 
example of our Englifh merchants bill, exhibited 


to the Emperour. 


Ohn Bafiliwich, Loyd, Ring, aud great Duke of all Ruſſia, the Englüh mer 
chants, Milliam, ſonne of Chomas, with bis company ſue onto, 

Lopn, in the 708 2 peere of che worlds creation, thy Maieſties treaſurer ui. 
med Gregorie Meelcetich Borozden, tuobeot᷑vs fon thy bie 12 poods ofloate 
ſugar. prfen at 8 robles the pood, which ſugat was (ent tothe | Sloboda. Moy, 

6 the laid Gregorie treafurer, cooke of bs fo2 thy Maieſtie 200 reames of pant, 
magen, 20 aleines the reantt, (02 all which che money hath not beene payd tobich anrountethto 
2 robleg, { . ; 

peere thy blake Stephan Lighachdo, tanke of vs fo thy Spateftie copper plates, 
loz the ſumme eee ko. 
Ailo in the faid 84 peere thy Maieſties diakes called Iuan Blaſghoy, and Iuan Sobakin, tooke 
1 thy enen haue not papd 630 robles, che reſtolthe money due in 
goods. J 
Juthe 85 peere thy Paieſties treaſuter Peter Gholouen tooke of vs fon thy Paieſiie roche 
-Gandpp forts, and hath not payd of the money due therefope 538 robles, 
Inthe 88 peere, thy diakes Andrea Shalkan, and Iftomay Veuskoy, tooke of vs lead fache 
Maieſty, to che value of 267 robles and a halfe not payvd. 1 
And in che lame pere thy Maieſties diate Borees Gregori wich, hadfoꝛ thy bie 15 byoad clothes 
ol diuers lots pʒiſed at 210 robles, wherot᷑ 90 robles ate vnpayd. 0 
Allo in the laid 88 yere ch diade Andrea Shalkan,ooke from bs 1000 robles foꝛ thet Lon) 


~~ !y— 
ing of fuites, 
ch the worthy anal 
boould betaken if we 
and inſtruttions. J 
ld not any manner of 
d with our {rife fo tp 
quaticie of our boule 
our Maieſtie, andto 
eto appertaine to the 
fertice, we doubt noe 
dur Maieſtie to gine 
mandement, no leſſe 
hilicke is a man ben 
that he may hauethe 
vertuous man won 
10 indeuopto 
ntinue ſtill che fame 
nopable kindneſſeg to. 
d ſafetie and health, 
Loyd 1583, anvof 


iter, 


a, by the 
25 7 


ia, the Engluh mers 
Ponto, 


gieſties trealurer ni. 
pie 12 poodsofloate 
the | Sloboda. Moy, 
Boo reames of pant, 


d which amounterhto 


Tuan Sobalin, tooke 
Rofthe money due in 


thy Haie cachet 
boke of bg lead dot 
pote 15 broad clothes 
ables fo ther (Lm?) 

ateftfe 300 
bebe 


Se Petes ea 
e eso tase inom we herp 


et ip ty ste a 
= we ited = 4 


ö Au bebab 


zun ter obne 
' es Malte on darts 
0 td 8 e ner 


‘yf in Yh merry fo bauvien 
his nara yea 


4 
ise . r 


Chis 


— 


The yoyagesand difcoucries_ Sir Fetome Bowes. 


ae eats te Dun 


~~ Chis qentientan conuyteenshe Csi annleeltavey-achputahp leg vp. dr herpa Bor 
a Volo 
2 . 5 


420 Tacke ie Hyon che wiberinee Volga cheretaerbec arubaitabon pute wwell accom: 
panied, ſent from the enneier vid pꝛeſented him from the Emperoz a coach and ten geloings 
tog the mar tale Connepingpet me ee enen wan bftant gur hunde 


i afin fe genttanenot dato 
n when ‘ 


b yatties thonin 
st si gen e 
N 4 05 


In I Neralidd ds 
Th bein n ech se nace 
smog dot sae zh con cn em 
iche next boule co st,astappemnte w eon e 


Court, and was 


ae ene 
tuouſip array pallagaftom bis E ae | 


fand tht. ch a mas ofthe Emperozs guard . t there ey him fat 
men appheetted is tee leat conan 
poste — 


8 Firakan, ¢ ala by bys 
noblemevef t. e a i 
vpon they ſhoul dert ec fem ane peer 
very thaxpejebesteatz o double! fate about che che 
benches and other tow Tata about a hundzed noblemen 
beingthus te 


.andinqutiest bee Harter health, berwdien bun & genf Aenne ing 
purpole, nigh cen pate tant buntem nur ld 
her letters and 


1 ich paPagenbe chanzellorcsmete men : 
. — 55 


ba ain e benz delten Lap atchactimn, 
amber, ber bat ao Eis areal 
company at ole 


acl ee eit pat the court, to te 
annere pis ne Se 


Emperoz hincguncell of the matters. in 
times rasen manp farmed gend in the end after — * 
rmogkritien to hig lihing fox that the amballpdour 


N N ir 6 
reueryebingebat he thought ft /n a man whole will sib ee 


n 0 11 
10 U 


und! 
lier courage and 
à pꝛmtce at 
Sante 
ing, 
dee 


is aif Wek 
dert he ned in t 
el 
Se B 
fiige rf 
Allehis not tut 


— 


e Bowes, 

pies Diep 
man (ent 

alan A 

uke beac 

and ten 

ana Buc ung 


1 sn 


, oF ſbould haue cauſe to be en tn} 1000 nek ton 
ae anv che feos udthte 
ot —.—. N 


wee —— 5 
thet e within his countrep : but he had melſe — 45 
250 iniuep that Morllvbe done unto bim. hetenpon che 
2 Keo . tis —— Gat wee eee ee 
fren, kamen the Ompero z aud went his wa. ’ 

Allchis eee the ambaſludour was not muth ſooner out ol the chamber, and che 
e dme wat letler du he delineved to hit colicell that Moon about hum manychm⸗ 
tions 1 — j — ——— —— er befpoken g. 
gd his nnittre fle ant ) inne 

2 ambatfabo * ne much more then oue houre in his lodging; eben 
in che exttuo diary behau 


of the mubaſſndoz (for 
taſe. ſent ‘asynincipan hint, 
that he bare to the Queene 
a refohucton of all the matters 
a ſunher —— and fatd to the amballasz 
cke to ſeas a gregeir nobis mim home wich hem, in amballage 
Mite Daene bistitter, chen euer he pee acany time Cent: out ot is counerp sin that be determi⸗ 
bil ee erate ane ce ben ps, and to bimſelle ut 
1 be git that ſould de woah a thouſand pounds: and colve him alſa that the 
—— ter vhto him, to conterte with him ok certain 


1 10 the 8 Al 
Anni theoapflottng be ent Bodan Belskoy the . „amm mA 
increvie witb himn eee 
aricued; and bich who ia lente d, and tiahern himin all change mbertui he had 


"Sr eich mbome, de Gems ec ihe 
che ambaſſadoꝛ then he had had 
1 are fent the fame tothe — ea bis principal Detretarie Sauio Frollo. Chie 
n etinen an de o baust letienet; Vir che Empetour 
it not by eee peo 4706 


MOTE d. pi 2100 in pis Gm os irt 
One — — Swan gebenen, 


veacher dz gallon of binegar. 

— — 
dap and a halfe. Due pecke of onion 

this: | Two line geeſe kon one day. 

f een 


| Seuen theepe koꝛ a dap. 


Aenne Orte ope fenchree apes, 
4 Due 


Dewentiee sfopaday, Ds rie mead. 
: 41 a3 1990 \o 1@temuehobMlallynovudmead. 
Seuttypeny white annette — 


TAIL 
walks 
21a! aie 850 ehen 
INS 0 nati Inn. 


Stents, token pla 
— ek 


979 9 
eee eee, 
* ee 7 — 


neon feos vo lelod nabod 31192 tial 
ay Ae 7 


15 siatendat nem TEs dannen uae if. 


" Priuaeefaterobeciaedsohhe Empor by ch scion 1 
re, uh a 


„e che reyes glei ditt qe zum 0 n 7 is, ia 


He obteine werte e kette e 

be allo 1 me Richi the widow of Doctor Bomelins a Dutch man, anh 
tion to the Enmperop, who for tveafon practifer with the king of Pole againt nena 
was tolled to best arti lp Matec yet A: un Jol] fer 25 


——— : ! 
£00070 Se merchants, 3 12 
| bier an 20 


2 * eee 8 


© 
er ous hag 
ah PHN fo 
Nr 9 
ii " : | 
W577 85 a sda olteined tharall rangers ture 
ande u be — — 
rt e 
a es uf 
9) 9c $190.9) Ne uJ 
5 oad Tal psy 
Guy 0373 
Wide ober cam 


poet 
med, newly wntten, Fignev anv fealed, and tens 


—— cafe wan woonderoully altered 


Balten the chaneelter, — a tn 


—— — 


nas 
00 Seen 


ne oir oft 


— —— yet. tillrbe 


ins cate nly mpeny aes bad 


une 


a 


. —— pete cerning en, eo a 
DelinereD to the antbaffadour at his 
—— — and fo died. 
cerunbaltdor: fw. 
— 8 
‘ebhintelfe, be sio felt iro tye bang of bis greatenemtes, Nikita Romanauich and 5 


— — — — 


mer 

5 the Enperop. In whicd paſſuge there were ſuch ourragen ol⸗ 
. — mone patience chen bis dilpoſitton afoꝛdev him, oe ce 
dad not — 2 chi —— 


E is, who per after the deuch of the Emperdur did almayes 
n and would derp willingly baue — aie kunde. 


long beſbhe his departure, — — faurours with 
. fables: and defiren chat as 
nhs bt ns Coren eb atefty , dees ee mee 
lam no Grenntotp id nchen bn ine bx Mc oui foy the banaler Shalkean ban mato 
be habnoty nothing offered him but bangers 
sn yh iyo om eM, tem me a aon 


of the new Emperour: offences many — ba easaitagtoasnae, 

gentleman appointed to accompany bim tao the fea five, Ee — 
ogee dan done vpon him; for fo seroma hee me 

k olco therfore withreſdlution proufven hy attche meanes he migbe. hy bimielft 

uants pe bis defence (fo? now was his danger knowen — asthe Englub merthantn did f 


if anpfucbebine ‘outa 
to execute it ſhould die with him fo? 
palace the laler. 
retouered . 
ill vſage fince then at the 

cher be 


patch, conteining nothing — ep pom 
the name ok the Emperour) tn refpert of chat that was meant him by the olde Emperor, bo- 
ing all theſe to be done Maieſtie and hinleifl, determinen noh to be diſcher 
ged of forme part ol them in 

ger, in getting to bis ſhinpe; 

be offered bim — 


arse 51 Ile the — * full M. Wilm 


Sanderſon, conteining diſcourſe feof that which 
* 1 hs in cee den eaſt ifcoucri¢ for the {pace 
3 - of three and thirtie yeeres. 


a“ cena rt me ow a sg 
; linde things that 


7 y piealure menp, 4 Aendern d maven ot as ls 
Lx 2 eee, F 
2 Fidie mene ee by 
being ebielly procur — — 
tere p Sean nen 


3. inthe 

iy Gerceman compan ees arian 
Nas then pig OF Piletu, Maiſters. —— . — well furntſhed to wit, Che 
ay Di Bona Speranę — — — Tie Edward Bonaduenunt, 
fir bopagr. ” Richard: Chanveller being. Pilot, and Steuen Burrough Maifter, hauing diſcouered Ward. 
houſe pponthe coatt of Finmarke,by ſtomme ox fogge departed from the eee 2. 

. the chiefe pont lo Ruſſia, there wintred in ſafetie, and had apd of people ata vl 

¢ Newnox, 5 
She other two Hhippes attempting further Nonchwards (as appeared eps ot 
alter mitten by fir Hugh Willoughbic) was in sen — 1 

colne, that they put backe to ecke a wintring plate: ann milling the ſaide bape fl open ae 
toaſt in Lappia, curring into.s River rue frosen vp, fince difcoucred, named sai 
35 


roe, anv though l 
lent out toothert, 
one that meaneth 


ven out as fullan⸗ 
Ipleaſeth him th 
jamed fop Cathay, 
nobilitic, *. 
ee 
A merchants, was 
was co nmitted to 
ſu number 
uſhed to wit, The 
d Bonaduenture, 


diſcouered Ward 
und the bay of B. 


of people ata bil 


* named Arzim, 
Rea, 


* . Lane — 


0 ee Gilioubbsobberhome os bp Fle- anno 156 

mings) f eee e n 
5 DUAL of Molco, kram U appiuile 

ees tua Hint un nete 


eg 4 eh Peril try H H/ 


wit, Richard ae, 

J v 1 ng vp 

da; went firtt op to. Mofco,tubere, ec ae Ba ig 
AL entertainment, mich boutesand niet appointed, and (oyly permitted ca 

hep mere with gentleuien bpoug he t the citie ol Moſco, to the ca⸗ 
Soni dene 9 —.—.— 


9 5 8 eee eee 
Eben ent eing a large roome flogged iuith carpets, ‘were men of moe 
ae, mdr 12 luwumber 9 after the lad Euglichmen 

Krenerence, they all toad up che prluce one ly ſitting, and pet riling acanpoccafion, 

a ne ine and uteues names were readoz fpoken, Chen alter {peeches by iuterpretati« 

pau 27 ig bes bas We ee mother roome . and at dinner 
2 7 Rene mallie fuer anv gilt plate, ſotme like soles idee 

atpbotules, a een ning pla, being te eae enka Ee aie was ſet 

8 his cromne 7 bpowa v. Nat farre viſtaut, fate his 

deere a kan su e Cara 


rian Captaines: none fateas 


e tables heit backs tomars him: tobtch tables all fumnithen with 


named by the Ruffles Shoſti Carabelski, to wit, fran. 

1 5 e nde ene, fe Chan wet la den geet 
inte: and then began the feruice, bina e of his poong Londs and Gentle. 

te ach rice e, as is abouclpccified samp ſtill from the Minces table (notwithſtanding 
mownefurniture) they bad bis whole meiſeg ſet otter all in malie fine golde. deliuered euery 
bam hem by name to them, by their feucrall Chiftian names, as they ſate, viz. Richard, 
gorge, Henry, Arthur, byead and ſuudzy Dpnks of purified mead, made of fine white 
ao cls ified honic. At their ring, the pꝛince called chem to his table, to reteiu⁊ each one a cuppe 
lis hand to Danke, and cooke into his hand Matter George e 


but in length fine foot ¢ tun inches of allise. Then taking leaue, being night, they were accompa · 
rene 5 89 5 e odd matin st tugs Wilug bie lisp 

speerc the two (hippes, with the dead bodies o ugh Willoughbie, and his people, 
un ene nee Tah ede there ot Mie Agen almoftttoa 
kes) and nmuchoF the gong and victuals were reroueren aud ſauid 


Anno 1556. The companie ſent two fips fop n ertraopbinarp mafters and ſailers anno 1556, 
9 ee the twa fhips, which were frozen in Lapis intberiucr of Arz ina aſqeſaſd. The 


this peere from England failing from Lapland tothe Bay of O. Nicholas, tune 

N ugers co wit, à Ruſſe amballadoz, named loſeph Nepey, and ſome of bis men 
 twith Richard Chancelerimthe Edwatd, But ſ it fell out that the too Which came from 
wich all they new Paſters and Mariners, neuer were heard ok, butin foule weather, 
= feas, after they? two yreres miutrin nein Lapland, became, as is ſuppoſen, vnſtanch, 

es merchants, and ſetuants ot the mae 


were dwned alfo diuers Rut 


by anew: oh a unn 1555,° 
rs to the b Heeren, f r ite 


8 flings 
1 9 9 1 plealantiy delluercdirthe Metropolitäne, who {ceming toblelte it ſaid in © Kan nel 
Rufle this is Gods gift. As in deed at that time it was not only thicke, bꝛoad, ¢ yellow colaured, fous leagih 


498 mas. voyages and diſcoueries M. Dotlor Fleicher. 


e ; 
6o, anno 1 1 ht dese 1560. oes 
15 bb} if 


fen ontn —— 
the compantie, 1 561. Che trade to Ri 
by our Cngtih nation, batt abe ce Neruc — 
ee Matter lenkinſon went Agent inte Ruffia, who the neptpeene 
Ann 
Sate and otter the the uf an ken anus ta Perf, mm 
e trade 


Pours Henrie Lane. 


Thelate ambaffage of Mafter Giles Fletcher, Dogtor of de 


Cuil Law fent from her MaieStie to the Emperour 
of Ruſſia, Anno 1388. 
Ade yerre i 588, was ſent Ambaſſadon from her io into the Conntrep 
ol Ruſſia (Giles Fletcher Doctoy of tbe Tü aby, drt ese ih ey 
Phedor Iuanowich, about le 
twas befone with bis father Iuan Vatlowehs ascttetonthe tert 1 
reducing into onder the decaped trade 8 
Ss Randing at his firft arrinall at the Moſco rant ove! gon inter 
aumment bp meanes of certaine rumors, concerning the late nauall 5 


phat 


4 j * . F 
AM. Dolle Fletcher. — Englifh nation. ror | 494 


en aes ne Seu in asa fop lone diſune concerucdagauitt che yimuleged 


Det in the end oberiuen of the Cmperouy Goong equal 


‘ gudiions and was courtedüſly andbonopably diſmiſſed db bed itpomes ~~ 


intreaten of aud were bn ee by the fain etaur aner bees; db 
iii Sade 

‘Acoritinuation ofleag serrate ago efad fo re 

Pdr noi keane wich, 103 
3 Aconfirmation aad meſtab oy Dt scr i pi ee Saen o F our 
— 555 ee which were in the principall points, wih diyers 
sion othe lamest 80 ott tradein.thofe ited \ere= 
after, viz. n the ſtate ofthe priuilege A ein che n priuate and pat · 
ticularmen, be altered in that point, and the ſaq vd e ile ofthci a 


corporation,viz, To the fellowthip of Engliſh — ante, we New era 
eee light quarrel, moi privals a ese kde 
nulled,as before tne ire an N Wy 251 85 i100 
That iuftice fhall be adminiſtred to the nic an a ent, wit 146 5 
rponlachasubliffexshete eimany 4 ane or iniutie, pfl ee on them 2 
paiment,taxation,orimpofition atfocuer,contrary to the freedome, aid gragt. 
5 That the goods and commodities e eee not fotei ly 9 re 
1 ha e by the Emprtots officers, or people af au 16 either for the yſę of 


e or ofhis officers, But in cafe they haue need of efaid commodities, t the 


ale prices, and ſor re I 
ie e Maden not char ged Rerater With the sisi of ich Abe: & as 


the 
nue Englith man tig Bele she ile. Wo sh to ees 
"7 That the he hi authorized cople; ſnall not enero been re- 
amin that — 5 — ruant, or dealer in the ſaid companirgaffaires but ſuch 
astheagent fhall inregifter hy name, within the offices where cuſtome is entred in all ſuch 


ofthe land, where the iaid companie haue refidencies to Ne & oat ees 
ay ah names of fuch as ſhall a be i 7 iftred, be no lon, 
nocthemfelues repuced as factors or dealers, fort! l company, then he a ny arte 
ee ſaid agent in his 1e thinke meet eo mm 
e of fuch as haue beeneimployedin th ne companies Sa e she site 
beer whole act in bargaining or qtherwiſe, ſhall not charge the fad N 
ifany Englih man within the countrey of Ruſſia, be fulpedted for any notorious 
ee y,treafon, &c.the fame be not ſtraight waies ſet y ypo the Pudkey,norotherwife 
torinented, till & lach time ashe ſhalbe conuicted by plaine and (age rooſes: which being 
done, the whole proceeding ta be ſent ouer to the Queene o 
10 That the faid priuilege, with the additions, ſhall be pied in all townes and | parts 
ofthe Emperors dominions, where the faid company haue traffi 
u Tharthe {aid companie shall be ge vic a ſole 5 through the Emperours 
e by the riuer Volga, into Media, Perſia, ogharia, and the other 10 Eaſt countries. 
12 Whereas there was claimed of the hide companie, the ſumme of 23553. matkes of 
cae by certaine of their fagtors forthe {aid company, for paiment avherof,their whole 
Winz, r of arreſt, 9 P publike anthoriti¢: Further alſq a 140. rubbles: for cuffome 
pion ra atement of ſeuenteene thoufand, eleuen hundred, i end 
matks of the faid 
oe ntti Sai Gi Pacino in tak, 
Ries sae e Fibeg hich l. bihele chapte oth 
ut 10 4 Cofmo, ic Créption of te treyhic atbthele ne N Lie neaies 
5 1 0 ns ath ulld eee the names tH Ai ay 
5 ‘Ofthe folle andclimat. ee dest 
-Ofthe iue comunodigics D 
aks f Rh 1 5 adcfeription of their ir pane in gto. 
11 11 Oft ne contin 10 ‘ox ſtate ofthe eran W „ 
5 1 OftheipPar d manér of hol 
€. ule Nobile aE RNIN Nth kene an vnder praporiat agree 
ahnte i 


of eee se, nn aw zen 67 


* 


The voyages atid ciſcouerias. ry i tal. 


—— — 96M dung 59 10 HE 2 woes 
hed jatid chet reuenuies, with the'pra the 
Tee ID geen ids canon aims aftr Sooo 
7 ——— been TAA) n CII,7 8 27 VIB AO Oe ' 
8 Oftheirpublike iuftice,and maner o proceeding therein, 
q rat his-wartes, with the chiefe officeis;: beam eel 
fiors for victuall. ae 


Of thet liturpies fone of chee hfe ‘ 
the ce. q acts 
ee cre Aeta idtvoilot He ait 
Of che doctrine ofthe Ruſſe | baw slinrat vious u 
8 Ofthe maner of folemnizin cheirmarriages. e died ti oa cd 
298 Le . itn ih 857 a 
n Ottonomie or prmati be of the Rye, cuutoin ead 
1 "@fthe eee eee eee 
55 Of the priuate behamior and manet ofthe 
deen e gen oes eins dure bun 


se 469 2 


A 5 5 of the Norcheaſtetn diſcouerie, made by che Englih, 


of the profi raft that may ea paring the fame : taken out of the Je 
cn volume:of gauigations,and Noyages,fol.17, of the notable Coltnogran. 

sti Pber 1 Haptiſta Ramishus, Secretarie to the ſtate of Venice: 
pub! Written in Itallan, in the yeere 1357. 


erte yy di ſotto lo neſtra Tramentana,che chicſcu ſerittore  Cofmogra. 
tore & de paffati. templ fin bora vi ha moſſo & mette mare n 
rena corra Gontinglomenite foro a o. gradi ver foil Pols’: fopragueftomap 
incontro ff vede che la terra vi folamiénte vn poco pti 
emda: 8. voltundo cor pei Greco & Lewante welpacfe dt l ice 
Reſſi, & va diritto al Ca. Et che ciofialaveriti, Ie nasipationichebame 
ane gh a con le lere tui wolende ande d [coprire il Cataio al tempo del Re Oddardo Slot 
Inghilterrajquefti anni Age poffono far vera A saber sperchenelmexzo dellorovinggia, 
capitate per fortuna alf di Mofconia, dowd tronarono allbora regnare GionanntValfiinich Inpe- 
ratore della Roffia c gray Huta di Mofconia, il quale con myito piactre & matdniglia vedniogh, 
i rp cart de, Wanto tronatognblitare effere 27 77 non agghiacciato. Laigual 
257 (ancor che & on 155 fur hora non fia bat bene sitefa ) ſe col ſpeſſo frequent e 
e K que mari fi mote ¢ per ff ae mentatione & miu finest 

wl byes quefta noftra aren e 


gle sie re sic, Englifh ied 


1 ee wenge Abals 
Nee on that part So hen Fr A cm sre a 


19 16777 asta doe place the frozen fea, and that the land 

dane 90. peas json hi evita, eee te 
5 b ah à little Soil on ß e Ga then turning it celle, ttendeth 
pie „and vnto the co of, Mole ſſia and 

ccd ue eee e i a eno 
tenn nC et wad che fire kung irt king o fEngtanv, 
are very ſuflicient wit + £02 pinche moi 05 ’ Sova, ‘by, chance vpon the toalt 
of Moſcouie ( Stake gning John V Nita Site aie a, and great 
duke of Moſcouia, who after he had to bis rear deli 2 iſh men, 


wich exceed cbtretifteg’ for 
a ni am REN u rb it be rice si Malt ede 
ferquenting che fame, ange Dkmuotenge feof eas, Te be cone 
faghe g wonderfull change and revolutt arta foal een . 


hanc caſtigatiorei 


mot fa 

at occafio 
1 

ancient 
ofthecity of Mole 
a atte 
qehourgle it my 
sabre publi 


Another te 


amighiioner B 
vehunt argenti v 
es merces, ad vi 


gillaperifcelide 


neris ptetioſas a 


Celeatt all, 
niards,the C 
ueredthe orth 
thetraffike of tl 
the Otean fea, 
five the coatts o 


_ toaftof Grone! 


conflict with ch 
ſmall merterie 
guters, vurles 
ail binde of pre 


SPOILS 


Wed ound 
i fest 
ue 


{ ey 


der Galerie or pay, 


ei ects, 
the Engliſt, 
mt of the feo 
0 mo ity 

nice: 


tore & Coſmoyra 
mare voiced ot 
 fopra queftomep. 
0 foprala V 
oe 
toni che bane 
e Oddwido Seto 4 
del lro ding 
* ‘affitixich Impe- 
aniglia vedntogh, 
biacciato, La 
requentarla ch cil 
me (rTinolgimiento 


muppebt paul 


Pofihoarapher oe 
be lan eee 
be Lan 

bats re 
and Ruffia, anv 
che Endlich hun 
ing of Englund, 


ce bpon the roatt 
Ruflsa, and great 


29 


ff tity often 
4 


Forven teſlimonie t. of the Engliſh nation. 


The teſtimonie of Gerardus Mercator, in his laſt large mappe 
of Europe, touching the notable difcoueries of the Eꝑliſb, 
made of Mofconie by the Northeaft. 


Agnam occafionem certamque rationem emendandæ Europa nobis attu- 
lit celebetrima Anglorum per Cronium mare nauigatio: quæ littora Sep- 
tentrionalia Finlappiæ Moſcouiæque iuxta cœli ſitum, mundique plagas di 

geſta habet. Exacta etiam vrbis Moſcuæ latitudo ab Anglis obſeruata, in- 
teriorum Regionum emendatiùs deſcribendarum infallibilem legem præ- 
ſeripſit: Quibus oblatis adminiculis pulcherrimis, iniquum putaui tabulam 


hunt caftigatiorem non reddere, 
y The fame in Englijh. 


mott firotis nauigation of the Englilb men by the Roꝛthealt (ea, hath offered onto me a 
greataccafion, and cettcine direction fop the refoꝛmation of the mappeof Europe: which 
bifcouery bath the Noꝛtherne parts of Finmarke, Lapland, andMofcouie, laid out accopding to 
theiuttelcuation, and the quarters ofthe world, And further, the true obleruation of the latitude 
ofthecityof Mofco, made by the fopefaid Englilhenen, hath pee lded me an infallible rule, fo the 
ofthe ſituation of the inland countries: which notable helps being miniftrey puto me, 
Athougie it my duet y co exhibite tothe world this mappe, moꝛe exact and perfect, then hitherto tt 
path bene publithen, ‘ 


Another teſtimonie of loannes Metellus Sequanus,concernin 
the fame nauigation, and diſcouerie, in his preface prefixed before 


Oforius de rebus geitis Emanuelis Regis Portugalliæ, 
written about the yeere, 15 7 4. N 


ne omnis, vnis Hiſpanis, Oceani maris gloria totaque concederetur, Bri- 
2 tanni Septentriones noua in Moſcouiam nauigatione, ab hinc annis viginti 

plus minus illuſtrarunt. Nam bellis Sueticis à Mofcouitarum, Naruzque Li- 
N uoniæ excluſi commercio, iter ad illos Oceano, hinc Noruegiæ, Finmarchiæ, 
l ppiæ, Scricfinniæ, Biarmiæque: illinc Groenlandiz littora præteruecti, vl 

we tra Septuageflimum latitudinis een gradum ſibi patefaciunt. Quam 
nauigationem Belgæ poftea,non fine tamen cum ijſdem Britannis velitatione, ſunt ſecuti. Ed 
vehunt argenti veteris fragmenta,linea{que veſtes propè detritas, omniſque generis minutio · 


res merces, ad vſum, cultùmque corporis hominum veritifque ſexus, veluti lintea & byſſea cin- 


gulaperifcelides,crumenas,cultros, & id genus ſexcenta. A Moſchis autem pelles omnis ge- 
neris pretioſas adferunt, & Salmones ſalitos, ſumò que duratos. N 


6 y The fame in Englifh. 


Ucleat all, and the whole glopie of diſcouering the Ocean ſea, ſhould be aſcribed to the Spas 
ulards, the Engliſh men about twenty peeres paſt, by a new nauigation into Moſcouie, diſto⸗ 
weredthe Noztheaſt parts. Foz they by reaſon of the warres of Swethland, being hinted from 
thetraffike of the Moſcouites, and ok the Narue in Lifland, opened a pallage fo themfelues by 
che Dean lea, bepond the Noꝛtherne latitude of 70, degrees: hauing in they courte on the one 
five the coaſts of Norway, Finmarke, Lapland, Scrikfine, aud Biarmia: On the other five the 


_ eaftof Groneland. Mhich vopage the Hollanders afterward entred into, but not without fome 


conflict with the Engliſh. They carp hither olde plate, aud courſe linnen cloth, and all kinde of 
{mall mercerie wares ſeruing ſoz the apparelling of men and women, as linnen, and lilke girdles, 
guters pures kniues. and many ſuch like things. And they being away from the Mofcouites, 
linde of pꝛetious furres, and & almons ſalted, and dzied in the ſmoke. 


The end of the ſecond part. 


20m sural fin 


* ~~ t oll . 
HOS nion 
‘ ysl ae ae 
OPOY, BALES gM 
nn 
BL ite iD yor n 
Nin ila soe ine: 
6 0b ial ial 
gol agoliei! Hela’ sumsbasdizs 
‘ORS TESTU Mu: Pinie 1. 114371510 


W n oral ok 
porto darstio tind ARG LOS Ad reas MY, 


het ¢ ene Fo qe iit 5010 NOVAS 
90 ug ong 370 Th! e stoM mur aie Ing 1 407 
ie 1% m ou! 6 ideen en Iod 
ods co} Sa eee ig gee eee engen: 
1911 U TUM es ogee 90h03 inion dne: 21 


Nana nays Yor cms Nagao st ant gata 


* lisse eenacolto sinorn’ 


st 
< 


ö box 1 ek rid 1. NN We 


** 


ud zumnibaoues auphzorgHi⁰lg zi 

isnigiv eiane nid ds enoisng giur fh art 

«il supa, CISM sistas 

enidorsamtt si 990704 seul onro2 0) 

se iddouroseiq 0 iil sibagiaser© sai!) ; 

ena. HDH id) ceubsrg ein toll 

OD hs mui stroise iis 1 einten rte! agi er 

once eirenzg a du lin g. inoh dg 
-iveshyd 38 821 UU imuloy, n i 

<sqtinms 6 eallog . eil A vet 


DOr! 
. 00h SU t, 


— 
N Dh Aw Milte Ves 4 N. 


* re af agen W gw. 49) HHS oh 2 bonn 
nw. en- lo bet HE yim Ga eel Tay edvg 04 
man ound get boviasow? h a2 andere 
qd aum 20 cot u ; 
dung auh un sheng h . eee 0 e 
vr id od nut Tost J bonita men. shia, 
Jo am Il chs diel tion an mme F st a a 


nnn 


nn 
deo te Sind { 
yet wate 


4 


Giga 2 
; apa ae bs. 
boob L i nnn eb 


rr eels 
Mor * 


dug; Mil gas nun ap νj i an nut da aunν⁰⁰νν,f]ꝗ ih 


fer ino TOM git tie yaad vite uhr ; 2 Ae 


ohorth 0 Ce dak alien 


aq boss dato bis 


N ~ 
TH 92 j 


* 
* 


7 
mu 
(clues to be the fi 
undo che tabict 
typon it is manike 
dus Americus 
dor there be man 


fone it is to be y 
by Francis Lo 
hereby it ma 
ds. But beca 
to and vled the 
This Wado 
left moſt of his 
friends, to inha 
ted by Gutyn 2 
Ge tauſes tol 
t The tomn 
ded from a fr 


THE THIRD A T PART OF THE 
‘principall Nauigations and Diſcoueries of the Englifh nation 
male tothe Welt, Nyrthweſt, and Southweft parts of the world, with 


the Letters, Priuileges, Difcourfes, Obieruations, and other 
neceſſarie thinges concerning the ſame. 


The voyage of Madoc the fonne of Owen Guyneth Prince of North wales, 
to the Welt Indies, in the yeere 1 17 0: taken out ofthc hi- 
Storie of Wales, lately publifbedby Qt. Daud 
Powel Doctor of Disinitie, 


Fter che death of Owen Gtopnech, bis ſonn en fell at 
debate who ſbould inherit after him: for the eldeſt fonne 


EA Badoc mother of Owen Gwynech bis ſonnes left 
land in contention bethixt his bꝛethꝛen, ¢ prepated cers Cel gen 
i") taine Chips, wich men and munition, and ſoughe aduens mern. 
— — ure by {eas failing Met, and leauing the coatof Ite 
lum fo farre Noꝛth, chat he came to a land vnknowen, where he law many ſtrange things. 
Chis land muſt needs be fome part of chat countrey of which the Sppanpards affirme them: rent lay. 

(clues to be the firtt finders ſuwe Vannoes tune. 02 byresſon, and aer of Coſmographle, this 

lundto the which Madoccame, mutt needs be ſome part of Noua Hifpania,o Florida. IIdhete: 

gpon it is manifett that that country was long before by Bꝛitaines diftoucred,afoze either Colum- 

bus Americus Veſputius led any pan yards thither. Ok the voyage anr returne of this War 

doc there be manp fables fained, as the common people do vſe in diſtance of plate ¢ length oftime 

raberto augment then to diminiſh, but Cure it is that there he was. And after he had returned 

home, and declared the pleaſant and fruitfull countryes that he had ſeene without inhabitants, and 

bpon the contrary part, fo what barreng wilde ground his bꝛethꝛen and neyhues did mutther one 

mother, he prepared a number of ſhippes, got with him ſuch men and women as wete deſttous 

uu line in quietuelle, aud taking leaue of his friends, tooke his iourney thither ward againe. Ther 

ine it is to be prefuppofen, that he ¢ his people inhabited part of chofe tountryes: fo it appeareth 

by Francis I. e Gomara, that in Acuzamil and other places the people honopedthe croſſe. Gomera tit.a, 

— it map be gathered that Chpittians had beene there before the comming of the Spanp· c.. 

dg. But berauſe this people were not many they followed the maners of the land they tame bn. 

to and vſed the language they found there. it : 

This Madot arriuing in that Melterne countrey, tonto the which he tame inthe peere 1170, 82 

left moſt ok his people there, and returning backe for nope of his owne nation, acquaintance and 
ſtiends, to inhabit that Fayre and large countrey went againe with ten ſalles, as J finde no- 

ted hy Gutyn Owen. Jam ot opinion that che land wherunco he came, was fore part of Mexico. 

e tauſes which make me to thinke fo be thefe, Ain, n 

1 The common report of che inhabitants of that country, which allirmme that they rulers defcen: 

dev from: a ſerange nation that came chiehet n Which thing is conlelled by 

: aa 


Mutezum 


o Ihe voyages and diſcoueries ( olumbus Mer accepted. 


Mutezuma king of that country, in an opation made for quieting of bis people, at his fubmiftienty 
the king ol Caftile, Hernando Cortes being then prefene, which is laid downe in the Span 
chonicies of the conqueſt of che Melt Indies. : 
2 The Brith worves, aud names of places vſed in that countrep, euen to this Dap, doe nde 
Bren the fame, as whenthep tale together. thep vlethis wow Gwrandos which is, eahen q itm, 
Hic Bunter Atfochep haue a certaine bird with a white head, which they call Penguyn, that is, bite beay 
— vie but the Jllanvol Corroeſo, the riuer ol Ouyndor, and the white roche df Penguyn, which bell 
n Wel wopds, do manifeſtly thew that it was that countrey tubich Pa doc and his people 
0 ited. 


Carmina Meredith filij Rheſi mentionem facientia de Madoco 


filio Oweni Gwynedd, ex de fuananigatione in terras incegnitas. 
Vixit hic Meredith circiter Annum Domini 
1477 


PAIN 


re 


q The famein Englijh. 


Adot I am the ſunne ot Owen Gwynedd 

With ſtature large, and comely grate ado med: 
No lands at home nop More of wealth me pleaſe, 
My minde was whole to ſearch the Ocean feag. ‘ 


The offer of the diſcouerie of the Weft Indies by Chriftopher 
(Columbus to King Hlenrie the fenenth in the ere 1 48 8 the 13 of 
Febsuarie : with the Kings acceptation of che offer, and the caufe where- 
vpon he was depriued of the fame, recorded in the thirteenth 
chapter of the hiftorie of Don Fernand Columbus 
of the life and deeds of his Father Chriſto- 
pher Columbus, 


Hriftephoro Colon temendo, fe parimente i Re di Caſtiglia non affentiffero alls funimpref, . 
non gli bifagnaffe proporla di nuome a ana altro princspe, & cofi in cio paſſaſe lange 
tempo e mando in Ingbilterra vs {uo fratello, che bauen appe(fo di ſe, chiamato Barthes 


lomeo Colon il mantanque non haneffe lettere Latine, era pero huomoprattico, & 
gindiciofo nelle cofe del: een far carte dananigare e phen 4 


e, & altri inftrumene 
ti di quella profeffione, come dal {uo fratello era inſtrarto. Partito adunque Bartholomeo ¶ don per 


Inghilterra,volle la ſua forte, che deffe in mean di corfals; quali lo fhogliarono infieme con gli uri dei. 
la ſua naue. Per la qual ceſa, & per la ſus pouerta & infrmita, che in cofi dinerfe terre lo affalirone 
cradelmente, prolungo per gran tempo la fua ambafciata, fin che, aquiſt ata vn poco di facaltaconle 
carte, ch ei fabricana, comincio a far pratiche co il Re Enrico ſettimo, padre di Enrico ottan, cix a 
prefente regna : 4 cui qpreſunto an nel quale erano foritti queſti verfi, che frali ſus 
ſeriture lo tronai, & da me faranno qui pi pin tofto per l'antichita, che per la lore eleganza, 

Terrarum quicunque cupis feeliciter oras 

Nofcere,cunéta en dock: pictura docebit, 

7 Strabo affirmar,Prolomaus,Plinivs,atque 

Tfidorus : non vna tamen ſententia cuique. 

Pingitur hic etiam nuper ſulcata carinis 

Hiſpanis Zona illa, pribs incognita genti 

Totrida, quæ tandem nunc eft notiffima mukis, 


Es hund. forte diema 


— 
Tac cepted. 
es rien 

e in the pn 
18 dap, doe argue 


eathen op i 
is, Abba 


uyn, Wwhithbealt 


ot and his people 


le Madoco 
gnitas. 


iriftopher 
the 13 of 


here 


cio paffalfe lunge 
— 
vom prattico, & 
altri inflrumena 
polomeo ( van per 
con gli altri dele 
terre lo affalirone 
o as facultaconle 
rico ottano, che al 
M, che frale ſu 


ul. 


v alla ſuuinpeſ . 


. 3 N g . — — g * 
0 slunbus offer accepted, of the Engliſh nation. 508 
5 Pro authore ſiue pictore. nN 


Ianua cui patrlæ eft nomen cul Bartholomæus 


Columbus de terta rubra, opus edidit iſtud, 
Londonijs anno Domini 1480 atque inſuper anno, 
Octauo decimaque die cùm tertia menſis 

Februarij. Laudes Chriſto cantentur abundé. 


Et, percioche aumertira ‘alcuno, che dice Columbus de terra v, dice, che medefimamente fo 
vids alcune fortofcrittroni dell Ammiraglio, primo che acqniftaffe lo ato, ou gli 6 ſotto ferinena, 


Coban de terra rubra. Ma, tom. 


al Re d Ingbuſterra, dico, che, da lui 


de- 


io che Ammiraglio gli e feriua, cu allegro voltoaccetto Ia fia offerta, & mandolo a chia- 
om 7 Me, percioche De Cle per Caitiglta ſerbata, gial’ Ammiraglioin que tempo era an- 


Ju, & tornato con la vittoria della fea 


ſa, feconde che per ordine firaccontera, Lafciars ho- 


0 
vadiraccontar cio, che Bartolomeo a iis hegociato m Inglilterra, & tornaro all eAmmi- 
raglio, Ce. 


q The fame in Englifh. 


NHridtopher Columbus fearing leat ifthe king of Caſtile in like maner (as the king of oy 


gall had done) Thould not conveſcend vnto his enterprilc, he ſhould be infoꝛced to offer the 


fame acraine to ſome other pꝛinte, and lo muchtime ſhould be ſpent therin, ſent into England a ter 
caine bother of his which he had with him, tuhofe name was Bartholomew Columbus, who, al: 
bet he bad not the Latine tongue, pet neuertheleſſe was a man of experience and lkilſull in fea 
tits a could very well male lea cards ¢ globes and other iuſtruments belonging co that pro- 


feffion, as he was inſtructed by his 


alter that Bartholomew Columbus was 


ed Mherfoꝛe 
peparted for England, his e eee eee ſpoiled him with the reit 
en ern octaſion, 


wrtpand 


ther of Denrp che 
wund, wberein 


e ſhip which he went in. Upon which and by reafon of his po: 


recy ir al ipa epee 
along while, as gotten t 
f Sani making of fe cab At length he began to deale heii on! i in the fa 
, which reignech at this meſent: vnto whom be cba 
e berfes were hottten, which J found among his papers: and J will 


e ſet 


then donne, tather for they antiquity then fop ther goodnelle. 


Thou which delireſt eallly the cofts oflands to know, 

Chis comely mappe right learnedly the fame to chee will ſom: 
Which Strabo, Plinie, Prolomew and Iſodore maintaine: 

Net fop all that they do not all in one accopd remaine. 

Heꝛre allo is (ct done the late diſeouered burning Fone 


By Portingalles, vnto the world tohich whilom was vnknoune, 


Aherol the knowledge now at lengththough all the woꝛld is blowne. 


Anda little vnder he added. 
For the author or the drawer. 


De, whofe deare natiue fople height ſtately Genua. 

Euen he whole name is Bartholomew Colon de Terra rubra, 
The peereot᷑ grace a thouſand and foure hundzed and foureſcoe 
And eight. and on the thirteenth day of Febpuarp more, 

In London publithen this word, Co Chik all laud therefoꝛe. 


And beauſe fome peraduenture map obſerut, that he calleth himſelke Columbus de Terra ru. 


bra, J fap, that in like maner J haue leene lome lubſtriptions of my father Chyiſtopher Colum: 
* he had the degree of Admirall, wherin he ſigned his name thus, Columbus de Terra 


mp father 
and fent co call him into England. But becaule God had teſerued the faid offer for Caſtile, Co: 


But to returne to the king ol England I Cap, that after he had lerne the map, ¢ that 
Chꝛiſtopher 


Columbus offered vnto him he accepted the offer with ioylull Lb S 


222 


lundus was gone in the meane ſpate, and alfo returned with the performance of his encerppife, as dn ot. 

heerafter in ſhalbe rehearſe. ots twill Aleaueofftom making anp farther mention o foe 

. Cage aml che dl 
4a 2 


Another 


509 The voyages and diſcoueries John ( abots patent, 


Another teſtimony taken out of the 60 chapter of the forefayd 
hiftorie of Ferdinando ( olumbug, concerning the offer that 


Bartholomew Columbus made to king Henrie the feuenth 
on thebehalfe ofhis brother Chriſtopher. 
Ornato adunque ¶ Ammiraglio dalle {coprimento di Cuba cy di Giamaica, trons 
nella Spagnuola Bartolomeo Colon fio fratello, quello, che era gta andatoa trattare 
accordo col Re d Inglulterra fopra lo {coprimento dell Indie, cant di ſopra babiam 
detta Queffo poi, ritornandofene 55010 Caſtiglia con capitoli e hanna 
8 inteſo a Fargi dal re (arlo di Francia, I 2 fratello baner gia ſes. 
perte ¶ Indie: perche gli fonenne per poter far il Viaggio di cento ſedi. Et, Auen. 
gacheper cotal nnonaegts (i folfe molto affrettato, per arrinarl Ammiraglioin Spagna, quando non 
dineno giamſe a eh egheragia tornato alle Indie co’ 17 nauigli. Perche, per effegnir quanto ci 
gli banca lafciato, di fubico al principio dell anno del 1494.fen'ando a’ Re Catholici, menanb ſeco 
Den diego Colon, mio fratello, me ancora, acrioche ferwiffimodi pag gi al fereniffimo prencipe Do 
Gionanni,il qual vine in gloria, ficome hauea cummandato ia Catholica Reina donna Ifabella, che 
albora era in Vagliadolid. Tofte adungne che noi gumgemmo, i Re chiamarouo don Bartolomeo 
Mandaronlo alla Spagnnola con tre nam, Oc. 


q The fame in Englifh. 


Crone Colunbus the Anmivall being returned from the viſcouery of Cuba and Tamay. 
ca, found in Hiſpaniola his bother Bartholomew Columbus, tho before had bene leut to 
intreat of an agreement with the king of England for the dilcouerie of the Indies, as we haue laid 
before, This Bartholomew therkoze returning onto Caſtile, withthe capitulations granted by 
the king of England to his bꝛocher, vndetſtoode at Paris by Charles the king ok France, chit 
the Admirall his brother, had already per foꝛmedthat diſtouery: and gaue him 100 ctounnes to 
wards his voyage. Aud albeit he made great haſte vpon this good ne wes to met with the Ar. 
mitall in S paine, vet at his comming to Dinil his bother was alrendy returned to the Indies, 
with 1 7 laile ot ſhippes. Cliberefore to Fulfill chat which he had left him in charge, in the begins 


ning of the peere 1.494 be repayꝛed to the Cathotike princes, taking with him Diego Colony 
bother and me allo, which were to be preferred as pages tothe moll excellent prince Don John, 
who now is with God, according to the commandement of the Catholike Queene lady Jabel, 
which was then in Validolid. As ſoone therelope as we came to the Court, the princes calleofoy 
Don Bartholomew, and leut him to Hifpaniola with three ſheppes, ct. 


The letters patents of king Henry the feuenth granted vnto 
Tohn (abot and his three fonnes, Lewis, Sebaſtian, and Sancius, 


for the difcouerie of new and ynknowne lands. 


Enricus Dei gratia rex Angliæ & Francia, & Dominus Hiberniæ, omnibus 
ad quos præſentes literæ noſtræ peruenerint, ſalutem. 

Notum fit & manifeftum, quòd dedimus & conceſſimus, ac per prafen- 
tes damus & concedimus pro nobis & hæredibus noſtris, dilectis nobis lo- 
anni Caboto ciui Venetiarum, Lodouico, Sebaſtiano, & Sancio, filijs dicti 
Ioannis, & eorum ac cuiuſlibet eorum hæredibus & deputatis, plenam ac li- 

beram authoritatem, facultatem & poteſtatem nauigandi ad omnes partes, regiones, & finus 
maris orieutalis, occidentalis, & ſeptentrionalis, ſub banneris, vexillis, & inſignijs noftris, cum 
quinque nauibus ſiue nauigijs, cuiuſcunq; portituræ & qualitatis exiſtant, & cum tot & cantis 
nautis & hominibus, quot & quantos in dictis nauibus fecum ducere voluerint, ſuis & eotum 
ptoprijs ſumptibus & expenſis, ad inueniendum, diſcooperiendum, & inueſtigandum quafcii- 
que inſulas, patrias, regiones ſiue prouincias gentilium & infidelium quorumcunque, in qua- 
cunque parte mundi pofitas, que Chriftianis omnibus ante hac tempora fuerint incognit. 
Conceffimus etiain eiſdem & eorum cuilibet, eorumq; & cuiuflibet eorum hæredibus & de- 
putatis,ac licentiam dedimus ad affigendum prędictas banneras noſtras & inſignia in quacun- 
que villa, oppido, caſtto, inſula feu terra firma a fe nouiter inuentis. Et quòd prænominatus lo- 
annes, & filij eiuſdem, feu hæredes & eorum deputati, quafcunque huiuſmodi wiesen. 

pida, 


emolumentis,¢ 
Ioh 
omni viagio fi 
ap licare tene 
dem factis, 
re: Dantes no 
ſtumarum omni 
fic nouiter inuc 
heredibus & d 
aſe inuenta, q 
frequentari fe 
orum, fu 
a fic inuent 
lisnoftris ſi 
tatis bon 
fiene quietat 
ptouidendaru 0 


culus rei teftio 


naſterium qui 


—— Fun (aborts patent. ol the Engliſh nation. 5¹⁰ 


— — 2 . . 2 ? 1 
& inſulas a ſe inuentas, que ſubiugari, occupari, poflideri poſſint, ſubiugare, occupare 

he foreſ. ay d 72 valeant tanquam "fll noſtri, & eee eee e et 8 fia 2 told 
that dominium, titulum & iuriſdictionem earundem villarum, caſtrorum, opidorum inſularum, ac 
h tene firma fic inuéntorum nobis ne + Ita tamien, vt ex omnibus fructibus, proficuis, 
emolumentis, commodis, lucris, & obuentionibus ex huiulinodi nauigatione prouenientibus, 
di Gamuzica. tres Iohannes, & filijac hæredes, & eorum deputati, teneantur & fint obligati nobis pro 
Wewer shies omni viagio fuo, toties quoties ad portum noſtrum Briſtolliæ applicuerint (ad quem omnino 
mle di fo wy iis applicare teneantur & fine aftricti) dedustis omnibus ſumptibus & impenſis neceffarijs per 
jconceduti. h eH —— factis,quintam partem capitalis lucri facti ſiue in mercibus, ſiue in pecunijs periolue- 
atello haner ae re: Dantes nos & concedentes eiſdem ſuiſq; hæredibus & deputatis, vt ab omni ſolutione cu- 
aner gia co. flumarum omnium & ſiugulorum bonorum & mercium, quas fecum reportarint ab illis locis 


end, Et, Au. fic nouiter inuentis, liberi ſint & immunes. Et inſuper dedimus & conceſſunus eiſdem ac ſuis 


e gene non haredibus & deputatis, quòd terræ omnes firmæ: inſulæ, villæ, oppida, ca ra, & loca quæcunq; 

e 1 1 afeinuenra, quotquot ab eis inueniri contiget it, non poſſint ab alijs quibuſuis noſtris ſubditis 

97 0 Wen fee frequentari feu vifitari, or licentia pradictorum Ioannis & eius filiorum ſuorumque de- 

pe P f 15 bed orum, ſub pœna amiſſionis tam nauium quam bonorum omnium quorumcunque ad ea 

n 4 Lfabella, che fic inuenta nauigare præſumentium. Volentes & ſtrictiſſimè mandantes omnibus & ſin- 
on Bartholomeo & 


isnoftris ſubditis, tam in terra quam in mari conſtitutis, vt præfato Ioanni,& eius filijs ac 
tatis bonam aſſiſtentiam f:: ĩant, & tam in armandis nauibus feu nauigijs,quam in proui- 
ficne quietatus & victualium pro ſua pecunia emendorum, atque aliarum omnium rerum ſibi 8 
prouidendarum pro dicta nauigatione ſumenda ſuos omnes fauores & auxilia impertiant. In 
_ ¢uiustei teſtimonium has literas noftras ficri fecimus patentes. Teſte meipſo apud Weſtmo- Ann, 1 495. 


Cuba and Iamay- , ; ” 11 ; k : 
i bad ena naſterium quinto die Martij anno regni noſtri vndecimo. 

za WE haue laid 0 8 
ion granted bp q The fame in Englih. 
neee Enty by the grate of God, Ring of England ¢ France, and lozd of Ireland, to all to whom 
Wan Heel come, Greeting. ; 
ned tothe In Beitknomne that we haue giuen and granted, and by theſe prefents doe giue and grant fry va 
wo 7 1570 andout heyꝛes co dur welbeloueb John Cabot citisen of Uenice ro L etwis, Bebaſtian ¢ Dantiua 
er ak fames of che lad John andto che bepres of them, and euery ofthem, andtheyn depurits full ¢ free 
mince Don! we authority, leaue, nid power to laile to all parts, countries, and ſeas of the Eaſt at che Wiett,and of 
ene lad Tibet tee Roh vnder our banners and enſignes, with fiue hips of what burthen oz quantity ſoeuer they 
1 cally be, nid as many mariners 02 men as they will haue with them in the ſayd fips, vyon they une 


proper coſts and charges to ſeeke out diſtouer, and finde whatſoeuer iſles countries regions 02 po· 
winces of the heathen and infivels whatloeucr they be, and in what part of the woꝛld focurr they be, 
d which before this time haue beene buknotven to all Chꝛiſtians: we haue granted to them, aud alfo 
ted vnto weuerp of them che heyꝛes of them, and eueryok them and they Deputies, and haue giuen them li 
ancius, cence to {ct vp our banners and enſignes in euery village cowune, caſtle, ille, o maine land of them 
newly found. And that tbe aforefais John and his ſannes oz they: hexꝛes and aſũgnes may ſubdue, 
occupy and poſſeſle all ſuch townes, cities, caſtles and ifles of them found, which theycan ſubdue, 


berniæ, omnibus occupy and polſeſſe, as our vaſſals, and lieutenants, getting unto vs the rule, title, and iuriſdiction 
Of the ſame villages, townes, caſtles, and firme land fo found. 

us, ac per ptæſen Det fo that the afoꝛeſaid John, and his fornes and hexꝛeg, aud they, deputies, be holden ¢ boun⸗ 

dilectis nobis lo- den or all the fruits, profes, gates, and commodities growing of ſuch nauigation, for cuerp theyꝛ 

Sancio, filijs dict hopage, as often as they (hall arriue at our port of Buſtoll (at the which port they ſhall be bound 

itis, plenam ac li- and holden only to arriuc) all maner of necelſaty coſts and charges by them made, being deducted, 

regiones, & finus topap onto vs in wares oz monep the fift part of the capit all gaine ſo gotten. Te giuing e gran⸗ 

gnijs noftris, cum ting vnto them and to they hexes and deputies that they ſhall be free from all paying of cuftomes 

cum tot & tantis 8 ſingular ſuch merchandize as they ſhall bring with them from thoſe places fo ne wlie 

int, ſuis & eonun : 

gandum quaſcũ- And mogtouer, wee haue giuen and graunted to them, they he ves and deputies, that all the 

ncunque, in quae ‘firme landes, ifles, villages, totones, caſtles and places thatfoeuer they be that they ſhall chance 

ierint incognitz, tofinde, may not of any other ol our ſubiettes bee frequented op viſited without the licence of the 

hæredibus & de- faeſayd John and his fonnes, and then deputies, vnder payne of forfeiture as well of then 
fignia in qucun· lupe, as of all and {inqular goons of all them that (hall preſume to faple to thole places ſo found, © 


renominatus lo- Tiling, and moſt Kraighdpy commanding all and Cingular our ſubiects as well on land as on 
villas call Ra, apprinera officers, co gine good aflitancete the aint ob, a bs Conmes ano oepties, 
pida, aa 3 


511 The voyages and diſcoueries fobn (abut, 


— 'm —ẽ z ü —— ſ—[ä— — uugL , 
and that as well in arming aud futniſtung 22 op veſſels as in prouifion of quittutſt, 
and in buxing of bictualles for they money, and ail ether clings by them to be prouived neceltace 
lz the laid nauigation, they do give them all cheyp belpe and fauour. In witnefle wherof we haue 
cauſed co be made thele our letters patents. Witnelle our ſelfe at Meſtminſter, the fife bap of 
March, in che eleuenth peere of our teigne. 


Billa fignata Anno 13 Henrici 7. 


Ex tertio die Februarij, anno 13, licentiam dedit Ioani Caboto, quod ipſe ca 

poffic ſex naues Anglicanas, in aliquo portu, ſiue portibus regni Angliæ, ita quod 

fine de portagio 200 doliorum, vel ſubtus, cum apparatu requiſito, & quod recipe. 

repoffitin dictas naues omnes tales magiftros, marinarios, & ſubditos regis, qu 
cum eo exire voluerint, &c. 


q The fame in Englifh. 


king vpon che third day of Febzuarp, inthe 13 peere of his reigne, gaue licence to John 
Cabot to take fire Englith ſhippes in any hauen oz hauens of the realme of England, 
of the burden of 200 tunnes, 07 vnder, with all neceflarp furniture, and to take alſo into the ſayde 
jpippes, all ſuch mattters mariners, and fubiects of the king as willingly will go with him, er. 


An extract taken out of the mappe of Sebaftian Cabot, cut b 
nt Adams, concerning his difcouerie of the VV ef Indias, 
which is to be ſeene in her Maieſties priuie gallerie at Weſtmin- 
ſter, and in many other ancient merchants houſes. 


Nno Domini 1494, Ioannes Cabotus venetus, & Sebaftianus illius filius eam 
eerram fecerunt peruiam, quam nullus prids adire auſus fuiſſet, die 24 lunij, 
circitet horam quintam bene mane, Hanc autem appellauit Terram Primm 

viſam, eredo quod ex mari in eam partem primum oculos iniecerat. Nam que 

cx aduerſo ſita eft inſula, eam appellauit inſulam D. Ioannis, hac opinor ratio- 
fuit eo die qui eft ſacer D. Ioanni Baptiſtæ: Huius inc olæ pelles animalium, 


ne, quòd aperta 

exuuiaſq; — pro indumentis habent, eaſq; tanti faciunt, quanti nos . precioſiſſimas. 
Cum bellum gerunt, vtuntur arcu ſagittis, haſtis, ſpiculis, clauis ligneis & fundis. Tellus Rterilis 
eft, neq; vllos fructus affert, ex quo fit, vt leonibus albo colore, & ceruis inuſitatæ apud nos 
magnitudinis referta ſit: piſcibus abundat, ijfq; ſanè magnis, quales ſunt lupi, & quos ſalmo- 
nes vulgus appellat, ſoleæ autem reperiuntur tam longæ vt vlnæ menſuram excedant. Impri- 
mis autem magna eft copia eorum piſeium, quos . ſermone vocant Bacallaos. Gignune 


tur in ea infula accipitres ita nigri, vt coruorum fimi 
perdices autem & aquilæ ſunt nigri coloris. 


q The fame in Englifh. 


I? the peere of our Lom 1494. John Cabot a Uenetian, ¢ his ſonne Sebattian (with an Eng 
lich Meet fet out frõ Buſtoll) diſcouered that land which no man beforethat time had attempted, 
outhe 24 of June, about fine of the clocke early in the mo ming. Chis land he called Prima viſta, 
that is to lay, Firſt ſeene, becauſe as I ſuppole it was that part whereok they had the firl fate 
krom lea. That Iſland which lyeth out betore the land he callen the Jllandof B. John, vpon this 
ocraſion, as A thume, becaule it was diſcouered vpon the day of John the Baptiſt. Che inhabi⸗ 
tants of this Alland vſe to weare beatts ſlinnes, and haue them in as great eſtimation, as we haue 
our ſineſt garments. In they wars they ble bowes, arrowes pikes, darts, woodden clubs. ¢ flings, 
The ſoile is barren in fome places, e peeldeth little fruit, but it is full of white lions, ¢ tars lane 
greater then ours. It yeeldeth plentte of lich. and thoſe very great, as feales, and thoſe which com 
monly we call falmons : chere are (oles alfo aboue a pard in length: but eſpecially there is great 
son yn N — alſothete 

kes, are ſo are verp like to rauens, as partringes, ¢ 
eagles, which are in like fot blacke, A 


tudinem mirum in modum exprimant, 


obn Cabot 


NN acne. 
ion of quirtnette, 
LO Wi dEd neteſſare 
r wherol we haue 


quod ipfe capere 
Anglia, ita quod 
o, & quod recipe. 
ibditos regis, qui 


ue licence to John 
F England, being 
alſo into the ſapde 
o with him, xt. 


ot, cut by 
dias, 


un- 


us illius filius eam 
ſſet, die 24 lunij, 
Terram Primum 
ecerat. Nam que 
nac opinor ratio» 
elles animalium, 
es precioſiſſimas. 
dis. Tellus ſterilis 
uſitatæ apud nos 
i, & quos ſalmo· 
xcedant. Impri- 
allaos. Gignune 


dum exprimant, 


an (with an Eng 
e had „ 
Hed Prima viſta, 


Gaand alforhere 
Apartringes, ¢ 


A 


* 1 Cabot. 


of the Engliſh nation. 
Adiſcourſe of Sebaſtian Cabot touching his difcouerie of part 


of the Neſt India out of England in the time of king Henry the 


ſeuenth, vied to Galeacius Butri the Popes Legate in Spaine, 
und reported by the ſayd Legate in this fore, 


De pounce under kan ſaid her ( lpeaking to certaine Gentlemen of Cenice) 
how to paſſe to Judia toward the Moꝛthweſt winde, as did of late a citizen of Ges 


Thie diſconrſe 
is taken out of 
the ſi cond vo⸗ 


nice, fo valiant a man, and fo well practifeo in all things pertaining to Mauiga- iume of vora- 
huons, andthe ſcience ol Coſmographie, that at this prefene hee bath not his = great un 


in Spain, inſomuch that luz his vertues be is preferred aboue all other 
that laile to che Meſt Indies who may not palle thither without his licence, nd 
igthecefoye called Piloto Maggiore (that is) the grand Pilot. And when we ſaid that wee knew 


im not, he proceeded, faping, that being certaine peeres in the cuie of Siuil, and deũirouis tu haue 


fone knowledge of the Nauigations of the Spaniards, it was told him that there was in the citie 
avaliant man, a Uenetian boyne, named Scbaftian Cabot, tho had the charge of thoſe things, 
being an expert man in that ſtience, and one that could make Cardes fo the Sea with his owne 
hund and that by this report, ſeeking bis acquaintance, he found him a very gentle perſan, wha 
fatertained him kriendly, and ſhewed him many things, and among other a large mappe of the 
wold, with certaine particuler nauigatians, as well of the Pontingals, as ofthe Spaniards, aud 
that he ſpake further vnto him in this effect, 

Then mp father departed from Uenice many peeres Enceco dwell in England, to follow the 
trade of merchaudiſes, be tooke me with him to the citie ol London, while J was very pong, pet 
hating neuertheleſle ſome knowledge of letters of humanitie, and of the Sphere. And when my 
iter died in that time when netnes were bought that Don Chriſtofer Colonus Genueſe, had 
wifcouered che coats of India, whereof was great talke in all the court ol king Henrythe 7. who 
thenraigned, inſomuch that all men with great admiration aftirmed it to bee athing moze diuine 
theuhumane, to ſaile by che et into the Calk where ſpices growe, by a way that was neuer 
nomen befoze, by this fame and report there increafen in my heart a great flame of deſixe to ats 
tempt ſome notable thing. And onderftanding by reaſon ofthe Sphere, that if J thould faile by 
wapofthe Nozth weft winde, J (houln by a ſpogter tract come into India, A thereupon cauſed the 
lugt be aduertiled of mp deuiſe, who unmeniatly commanded two Carutls to bee furniſhed 
nit all things appertaining to the votage, which was, as larre as J remember, in the peere 1496 
lathe beginning of Sonner. A began thereloge to ſaile toward the Noanhwelt, not thinking to 
find any other land then that ol Cathay, and from thence to turne toward India, but after cers 
tainevapes I found thatthe land ranne towards the Morb, which was to me a great diſpieaſure. 
Aruertheleſle, (aiding along by the coalt to (ee if I could ſind any gulfe that turned, J found the 
land till continent to the 5 6. deg. under dur pole, Andſeeing that there the coat turnedtowardt he 
eit deſpairing to lind the pallage, J turned backe againe, and ſailed donne by the coaſt of chat 
Imdcoward the Equinoctiall (euer with intent to find the fain paſſage to India and came to that 
patof this firme land which is nom called Florida, where my victuals failing, I departed from 
thente and returned into England, where J found great tumults among the people, and prepare 
tion la wartes in Scotlands by reaſon whereof chere was no more conſideration had to this voy⸗ 
age. Mhereupon, J went into Spaine to che catholike king. and Queene Elizabeth, which being 
auertifed what J had done intertained me, and at their charges furniſhe dcertaine (hips, where · 
nichthey tauſed me to laile to diſtouer the coats of Byaſile, where J found an exceeding great 
endlarge riuer named at this pꝛeſent, Rio de la placa, chat is the riuer ot ſiluer, into the which J 
failed and followed it into the firme land, more then {ize (cope leagues. finding it euery where very 
fare and inhabited with infinite people, which with abnuration came tuming dailyto our fips, 
Jnto chic xiuer run fo manpother riuers chat it is in maner incredible. After this Amade man yo 
her voiagen which I now preterit and waxing old, A give my ſelle to reſt from finch trauels, be 
tiſethete are nom many pong and luſtie Pilots aud mariners of good experience, by whofe for 
wwartne(le J do teiopce in the fruit of my labours and reſt with the charge ol this office, as you (ee, 


—— 
bet tothe land 
of Biaſil and 
Rio de plata, 


53 The voya ges and diſcoueries 
The foreſayd Baptiſta Ramuſius in his Preface to the third _ 


volume of the Nauigations, writeth thus of Sebaſtian Cabot. 


Nthe latter part of this volume are put certaine relations of Iohn de Verarzs. 
na, a Flqentine, and ot a great captaines Frenchman, and tye two vopagt of 
lacques Cartier a Byiton, who ſailed onto the land ſet in 50, degrees of latitude 
' tothe oh, which is called Arm France, which lands hitherto are not though 
wknowen, whither they doe ioyne withthe firme land of Florida and Noua 
* Hiſpania, o whether they be feparated and all bythe Ses as Jſlands: 
and whether that es map goe by ſea vnto the tountreytt᷑ Cathain. As many perreg 
paſt it was vnitten vnto me by Sebaftian Caboto our countrep man a Uenetian, a man ot orem 
experience, and very rate in the arte ol Nauigation, and the knowledge of Cofnographie, ue 
lailed along and beyond this land ol New France, at the charges of king Heurp the 7, king of 
England: and he aduertiled me, that hauing ſailed a long time Aleſt and by orth, bepondthote 
Illands vnto the latitude of 67, degrees and an balfe, onder the Moreh pole, aud at the 11. day of 
June linding Mii the open fea without anp maner of impediment, le thought verily by that way 
to haue paſſedon till the way to Cathaia, which is in the Eaſt, and would haue done it ifthe mp 
tinie of che ſhipmaſter and mariners had not hindered him and made him to returne home wan 
from that place. But it ſeemeth that God doeth pet Mill reſerue this great enterpꝛiſe for fome area 
prince to diſcouer this voiage of Cathaia by this way, which forthe bzinging of the Spireries 
from India into Europe, were the moſt calle and ſhozteſt of all other wapes hitherto found out. 
And ſurely this enterpꝛiſe would be the moſt glorious, and of moſt importance cf all other that tn 
beimagined, to make his name great, and fame unmoꝛtall, to all ages ta come farre moze then tm 
be done by any of all theſe great troubles and warrts which daily are vſed in Europe among the 
milerable chꝛiltiau people. 


Another teſtimonie of the voiage of Sebaſtian Cabot to the 
Weft and Northweſt, taken out of the 6. chapter of the third Decade of 
a Peter Martyr of Angleria. 


rentibus in Britanniam inſulam tendentibus (vti moris eft Venetorum, qui come 
mercij cauſa terrarum omnĩum ſunt hoſpites) tranſportatus pene infans. Duo is bi 
nauigia, propria pecunia in Britannia ipla inftruxit, & primò tendens cum homini- 
bus tercentum ad Septentrionem donec etiam Iulio menſe vaſtas repererit glaciales moles 
elago natantes, & lucem ferè perpetuam, tellüre tamen libera gelu liquefacto: quare coactus 
it, vti ait, vela vertere & N fequi : tetendſtq; tantum ad meridiem littore ſeſe incu- 
uante, vt Herculei freti latitudinis fere gradus æquarit: ad occidentẽmq; profectus tantum eft 
vt Cubam Inſulam, à læua, longitudine graduum pené parem, habuerit. Is ea littora percurrés, 
quæ Baccalaos appellauit, eoſdem fe reperiffe aquarii, fed lenes delapſus ad Occidentemait, 
quos Caſtellani, meridionales ſuas regiones adnauigantes, inueniunt. Ergò non modo verifi- 
milius, ſed neceſſario concludendum eſt, vaſtos inter veramq; ignotam hactenus tellurem ia- 
cere hiatus, qui viam præbeant aquis ab oriente cadentibus in Occidentem. Quas arbitror im- 
ulſu cælorum circulariter agi in gyrum circa tettæ globum non autem Demogorgone anhe- 
ante vomi,abforberiq; vt nonnulli ſenſerunt, quod influxu, & refluxu forſan affentire daretur 
Baccalaos, Cabotus ipſe terras iilas appellauit ed quod in earũ pelago tantam repericrit mag · 
norum quorundam pifcium, tynnos zmulantium,fic vocatorum ab indigenis, multitudinem, 
vt etiam illi interdum nauigia detardarent. Earum Regionum homines pellibus tantum co - 
pertos reperiebat rationis haudquaquam expertes. Vrforum ineſſe regionibus copiam ingen - 
tem refert, qui & ipfi piſcibus veſcantur. Inter denſa namq; piſcium forum agmina fefe in: 
mergunt vrfi,& fingulos ſinguli complexos, vnguibtifque inter ſquammas immiffis in terram 
raptant, d comedunt. Proptereà minimè noxios hominibus viſos eſſe a t. Orichalcũ in plertf- 
que locis fe vidiffe apud incolas predicat. Familiarem habeo domi Cabotum ipfum, & con- 
tubernalem interdum, Vocatus namque ex Britannia a Rege noftro Catholico, poſt Henrict 
Maioris Britanniæ Regis mortem,concurialis nofter eft, expeétatq; indies, vt nauigiafibi pa- 
rentur,quibus arcanum hoc naturæ latens, iam tandem detepatur. 


: The 


Sa Crutatus eft oras glaciales, Sebaſtianus 80 Cabotus genere Venetus, ſed ipa. 


Seballian Cale. 


sithe Dunne, 
ae 
„op real 
with t 


Luiude, 
regret, be lat 
lis left hand, in 
ln. which he 
Met, but che 
pound in their #2 
alfo okueteſſitie 
rertaine great op 
the Ciel: whi 
1 
thing emo 
toebbe and fla 
e 
(uhich the inha 
oktboſe r 
ieththere is gi 
{cles into the 
intheir ſcaleg. 
fatifh fil 


the third 


Lohn de Verarza. 
eto bopages of 

degrees of latuude 
bate 


not though 
Florida and Nous 
e Sea ag Illands: 
f. Ag many peereg 
ian, a man OF prem 
Sa 
7. Bing of 

forth, bepond thole 
wat the 11. day of 
verily by that way 
ue done it if the m 
eturne home warde 
pꝛiſe Foy Lome grem 
Lok the Opittrieg 
bitherto found out. 
ok all other that tan 
farre moze then cem 
Europe among the 


bot to the 


ecade of 


Venetus, ſed apa. 
storum, qui come 
e infans, Duo is ſbi 
dens cum homini· 
rit glaciales moles 
Go: quare coadtus 
n littore ſeſe incur. 
rofectus tantum eſt 
a littora percurrés, 
d Occidentemait, 
non modo verifi- 
genus tellurem ise 
Quas arbitror im- 
mogorgone anhe- 
n aſſentire datetur. 
am reperierit mag · 
nis, multitudinem, 
libus tantum coo· 
bus copiam ingen · 
n agmina ſeſe im, 
immiſſis in terram 
Orichalcũ in pleriſ- 
tum ipſum, & con- 
lico, poſt Hentici 
yt nauigiaſibi pe- 


Hian Cabot. 5 Cabot. ot the t-nglifh nation. 


The 


q The fame in Bigliſb. 


hele orth feas haue bene ſearched by one Sebaſtian Cabot, a Uenetian bome, whom bee 
* pet but in maner an infant, his parents caried with them into England, bauing occalt 
eniorclope thither for trade ol merchandiſe, as is the maner ol the Uenetians to leaue no part of 
the orld vnſearched to obeaine riches, Detheteloze furniſhed two Nips in England at his owne 
charges, and lirſt with 3.00, men, directed his courſe fo farre towards the Moptl) pole, that euen 
nahe moneth of Julie he found monſtrous heapes of ice ſwimming on the (ea, and in maner cons 
day light. yet ſaw he che land in that tract free from ite, which had bene molten by che heat 
sithe@unne, Thus leeing luch heape s of ice belode hun. he was enfozced to turne his lailes and 
follow the CCielt, fo coatting ſtill by the thape, that hee was thereby Loughe fo farre into the 
Mouth, by reafon of the land bending fo much Douthwards, that it was there almoſt tquall in 
Latieude, with the (ca Fretum Herculeum, hauing the Nunch pole elcuate in maner in the fame 
he failed like wiſe in this tract fo karre towards the Tick, h he hadthe Fland of Cuba on 
lis left haud, in maner in the fame degree of longitude, As he trauelledbythe coatts of this great 
in ( which he named Baccalaos) he faith that hee found the like courte of the waters toward the 
Weft, but che fame to runne moe foftlp and cently then the ſwift waters which the Spantards 
foundin their Nauigations Soutbhward. TUherlkope it ts not anely moje like to be true, but ought 
alfo okueteſſitie to be concluded that berweene both the lands hitherto vnkno wen, there ſhould be 
mtaine great open places whereby the waters Mould thus continually pale ſtum the Eaſt vnto 
the Ciel: which waters J ſuppole to be dʒiuen about the globe of the earth by the vnceſſant moo: 
wing and impullion of the beauens, and not to bee ſwallo wed vp and caſt vp againe by the brea: 
thing of Demogorgon, as ſome haue imagined, berauſe they fee the ſeas byiucteaſr and decreaſe 
tocbbe and flo we. Sebaſtian Cabot himſelfe named thoſe lands Baccalaos, betauſe that in the 
Seas thereabout hee found fo great multitudes of certaine bigge filhes much like unto Cunies, 
(tubich the in habitaunts call Baccalaos) that they ſometimt ſtayed his Oips, Me found alſo che 
ofthole regions couered with beattes fhinnes, pet nut vuthout the vie of reaſon. hee alſo 
ieththere is great plentie ol Beares inthoſe regions which vie to eate ſiſhe: for plunging chem⸗ 
{clues into the water, where they perceiue a multitude of thele fithes to lie, they falten their clawes 
inthettfcales, and fo dam them to land and eate them, fo (as te fateth) the Beares being thus 
{atiffied with fith are not noiſome to men. Dee declare further, that in many places of theſe res 
gions, he fate great plentie of Laton among the inhabitants. Cabot is my berp friend, whom J 
bie famniliarlic, and delight to haue him ſometimes keepeme companie in mine owne boule, Foz 
being called out of Eng land by the commaundement ok the Catholike king of Calle, after che 
neath of king Henry the ſcuenth of that name, ling of England, he was made one of our tounſell 
m Aitants,as touching the affaires of the new Indies, looking for ſhips daily to bee furnithen 
in him to dilcouer this hid ſecret of Nature. 


The teſtimonie of Frauncis Lopez de Gomara a Spaniard, in 
the forrth chapter of the ſecond booke of his generall hiſtorie of the Weft In- 
dies concerning the firft diſcouerie of a great part ofthe Welt Indies, 
to wit, from 58. to 38. degrees of latitude, by Sebaſtian 

Cabota out of England. 


N E which bꝛought moſt certaine newes of the tountrey and people of Baccalaos, 
faith Gomara, was Sebaſtian Cabote a Uenetian, which rigged vp two flips 
; Mat the colt of king Henry the 7, ol England, hauing great delite tu traſſique foz 
ce ſpices as the Poxingals did. Wee caried with hun 300, men, andtoohe the 
( way towards Iſland from beyondthe Cape of Labrador, vutill hee found hime 
= lelle in 58. degrees and better, ee made relation that in the moneth of July it 
nas ſo cold, and the ice fo great. that he durſt not paſſe any further: that the dayes were very long. 
n ammer without any night, and fo that (hore night that they bad, it was very cleare. Cabot 
Eeeling the cold, turnt towards the Meſt, refreſhing himſelfe at Baccalaos: and afterwards hee 
failed along the coat vnto 38, degrees, and from thence hee thaped his courte toreturne into 
England. 


Anote 


6 l d 8 a — , 
515 The voyages and diſcoueries S. J bomasPert, 


Anote of Sebaſtian Cabots firft diſcouerie of part of the In. 
dies taken out of the latter part of Robert Fabians Chronicſe not hitherto 
printed, whichis in the cuſtodie of M. Iohn Stowe a dili- 
gent preferuer of Antiquities, 


Nthe 13. pere ot king Henepthe 7, (by meanes of one Iohn Cabot a tiene, 

an which mabe bimelteb expert and cunning in knowledge of the citcuit of 

the woꝛld and Allands of the lame, as by a Mea carde and other d 4 
reſonable be ſhewed) n 
bench fn am and, tnbich be bun be knew hell toas rich, and replenithen nih 

4 great commodities : Mbich (ip thus mannen and dictuallen atthe kings cult, 
Diners merchants of London ventured in her finall Rocks, being in bew as chiefe patron che faye 
ß b Mapera el 
i and merchandtʒen, as courſe caps, laces points, and orbertrifes, 

in che beginning of May, ol whom in this Maioꝛs time returned 


Of three fauages which Cabot brought home and prefented 
vnto the king in the fourteenth yeere of his raigne, mentioned by 
the forefayd Robert Fabian, 


is peere alſo were broughe buto the king three men taken in the New found Fflans 
chart Lefore J {pake of, in Milliam Pure has time being Maim : Theſe were clothed in 
beaſis Ching, and did eate rawe fleth, and ſpake ſuch ſpeach, that no man could vuder 

. them, and in their demeanq; like to byuce beaſts, whom N . 


The voiage of Sir Thomas Pert and St baſtian Cabot, about 


che eight yeere of king Henry the eight, which was the yeere, 1516. to Brae 
one fil S Domingo, an S. Iohn de ede : 


Wat learned and painefull wpiter Richard Eden ina certaine epittle of his tothe lee 
duke of Pothumberiany, before a worke which hee trauſtated out of Munſter in he 
pere 1553, called A treatife ofthe new India, maketh mention of a voyage of dio 
uerie vndertalen out of England by Sir Thomas Pert and Sebaſtian Cabota, » 

bout the eight peere of king Henry che 8, of famous memozie, imputing the ouerthyotw thereel 

vnto the cowardife and want of ſlumacke of the fapn Sir Thomas Pert, in manet follotwpng, 

If manly courage, faieth he, (like vnto that which hath bene ſeene and prooued in your grace 

as well in forraine realmes, as alfo in this our country) had not bene wanting in other in thele 

our dayes, at ſuch time as our foueraigne lord of noble memorie king Henry the 8, about the 

fame yeere ofhis raigne, furniſhed and ſent out certaine fhips vnder the gouernance of Seba 

his dr Choe ſtian Cabot yet liuing and one Sir Thomas Pert, whofe faint heart was the caufe thatthe voie 
— age tooke none effeee if I fay fuch manly courage, whereof we haue ſpoken, had not at that 
Dieren, time bene wanting, it might happily haue come to paffe, that that rich treaſutie called Pen 
E latia, (which is now in Spaine in the citie of Siuil,and fo named, for that in it is kept the in 
calls poplar nite riches brought thither from the Newfoundland of Peru) might long fince haue bene in 
SBMA, the Tower of London, to the kings great honour and wealth of thisrealme. Hereunto that a 
ſo isto be referred which the wopthipfull 9p Robert Thome wrote to the fapo king Henry the d. 
in che peere 1 5 27, by docto Leigh bis ambatlano) ſent into Spaine to the Emperour Cherleuthe 
fift, whole woꝛdes be theſe. Now reftto bee difcouered the Nortli partes, the which it feemeth 
vnto me is onely your highnes charge and dutie, becaufe the fituation of this your realme is 
thereuntoneereft and apteſt ofall other: and alfo, for that alreadie you haue taken it in hand, 
And in mine opinion it will not feeme well to leaue fo great and profitable an enterprife,fee- 
ing i may fo eaſilie and with fo litle coft, labour & danger, be folowed and obtained. Though 
hitherto your grace haue made thereofa proofe,& found not the commoditie thereby as you 
trufted,at this time it fhall be none impediment: for there may be now prouided ier for 
ngs 


— 


‘Thome 


ings then lac 
cet tooke 
ſud new eourſe 
ſed and taken m 


ee f 
ſels Spagnnola, ¢ 
Lia pieno d 
negotiare, Ma ing 
gleriada quefto 

ritirareno fuori, & 
che fevem foffe ua 
dla citta & 

&San Gionanni, 
dmandarono vet 
deche effi non ven 


' eaatie, Hora qui 


oe 
2 


— 
omas Pert, 
— 
of the In. 


hitherto 


ot, about 
6. io Brae 


mmer keln 
dued in your grace 
g in other in thefe 
the 8. about the 
ernance of Seba- 
auſe that the voi · 
n, had not at that 
ſurie called Pen- 


which it feemeth 
is your realme is 
taken it in hand. 
an enterptiſe ſce 
W 
ie thereby as you 
ided remedies for 
things 


& Thomas Pert. 


entis Hora quiui heb 


ol the Engliſh nation. 


ings then lacked, and the inconucmences and lets remooued, that thé were cauſe your gra- 
ande tooke no full effect: which is, the courſes to be chaunged, and to follow the afore- 
ſadne w eourſes. And concerning the mariners, ſnips, and prouiſion, an order may be deui- 
fedand taken meete and conuenient, much better then hitherto: by reaſon whereof, and by 
Gods grace no doubt ford purpoſe ſhall take effect. And whereas m the afopeſaid wopdes M. 
Robert Thome faith, that he would haue the old courſen to be thaunged, and the nem courſes (to 
the orth) to be followed: It may plainly ber gathered that the foymer voyage wherꝛof twiſe op 
he maketh mention, wherein it is like that fir Thomas Pert and Sehaſtian Cabot botre fee 
doch by the king was made toward Bpalit and the South parts. Porcouer it feemeth that Gons 
faluode Ouiedo, a Spaniſb famous whiter, alludeth vnto the ſam vopage in the beginning of 
the13, chapter al the 19. booke of his generall and naturall bittopic of the Tc cſt Indies, agrees 
ing very well with the time about which Richard Eden unueth that the forefaid voyage was be» 
mu. authors wopdes are theſe as I find them tranſlated into Zealtan by that excellent and fas 
gous man Baptiſta Ramuſius. Nel 151. Vn Corfaro Ingleſe, fotto colore di venire à diſteprire fe ne 
tem con vna gran naue alla volta del Brafil nella cof tiera di terra ferma, & indi attraner{o a quefia 
fola Spagnnola, &. ginnfe preſſo la bocca del porto di queſta citt di S. Domenico, & mandb in terra ii 
44 pieno di gente, & chiefe licentia di potere qui entrare, dicendo ebe venia con mercantie a 
. Ma in quello inftante il caſtellano France{co di Tapia fece tirare alla naue vn tiro d arte 
glad. quefto caftello : perche ella fe vemiua diritta al porto. Quando gli Ingleſi viddero quefto, fi 
ritirarono fuori, & quells del battello tofto ſ raccolferoim naue. Et nel vero il Caftellan free errore:per= 
chefeven foffe naus entrata nel porto, nonfarebbono le genti potuto fimontare à terra ſenca volonta 
le citta & dei caftello. La naue adunque veggendo come vi eraviceuuta,tiro la volta dall iſola 
de Gionanni, & entrata nel porto di San Germanoparlarono gli Ingleſi cm quelli della terra, & 
dimandarono vettonaglie & forniments per Ia naue, & fi lamentarono di quel di queſta citta, dicen- 
deche effinon veninano 1h fare diſpiacere, ma per contrattare, & negotiare con ſuoi danari & mera 
ero alcune vettouag lie, & in compenſa effi —— & pagerono in certi flagni 
lama C altre cofe. Et poi ſi partirono alls volta d Eurepa, done fi crede, che non giungeſſero, perche 
seu fone feppe pinnuona mai. Chis extract inpopteth thus much in Engliſh to wit: Chat in the 
ponte 1517. an Engliſh Rouer onder the colour ol trauelling to diſcouer, came with a great hip 
pate the partes ol Bralill on the coaſt of the Firme land, and from thence he crofled ouer unto this 
undo Hiſpaniola, and arxiued neere vnto the mouth of the hauen of this citie of S. Domingo, 
un ſent his ſhipboate full of men on ſhoze, and demaunded leaue to enter into this hauen, faping, 
thahe came with merchaundiſe to traffique. But at that very inſtant the gouernour of the caſtle 
Francis de Tapia tauſed a tire of opbinauce to be thot from the caſtle at the ſdip. for ſhee bare in bis 
rectly with the hauen. hen the Engliſhmen {awe this, they withddewthemſelues out, and 
thole thae were in the ſhipboate, got themſelues with ſpeede on ſhipbooꝛd. And in trueth the Chars 
wnof the cattle committed an ouerſight: for it the ſbip had eutred into the hauen, the men thereol 
could not haue tome on land without leaue both of the citie and of the cattle, Chereforethe people 
ofthe thip ſeeing how they were there receiued, fapled toward the Iſland ol S. John, and entring 
tata the port of B. Germaine, the Engliſbmen paried wich thoſe ofthe towne, requiring victuals 
things needfull to furniſh their Hip, and complained of the inhabitaunts of the citie of Spaine 
Domingo, ſaping that they came not to doe any harme, but to trade and traffique fo) their money 
mumerchandife, In this place they had certaine victuals, aud for recompenſe they gaue and 


516 


$17 Thevoyagesanddifcoueries M. Hore, 


The voiage of the two fhips, whereof the one was called the 
Dominus vobifcum, ſet out the 20, day of May, in the 29. yeere of king Henty 
the eight, and in the yeere of our Lord God, 15 2 7. for the difco- 
uerie of the North partes. 


Wahinie Alder Robert Thome of Byittoll, a notable member and opnamrencof bis countrey 
* well for bis learning as great charitie to the pode .in a letter of his to king ienep tet, 
and in a large difcourfe to dortoꝭ Leigh, his Ambaflado to Charlesthe 
A boch areto be ſene almott in che beginning of the ſecond part of this my worke erhores 
the forefaid king with very waigbtie and ſubſtantiall reafons, co fet forth a difcouctie euen tothe 
sRogth pole. And that it may bee knowen that this his motion cooke prefent effect, J thought t. 
good herewithall to put dowue the teſtimonies ol two ofour Chroniclers, H. Hall, and . Gru 
Con, who boch bite in this fore. Chis fame moneth (ſaythey) king pd the 8. ſent two faire 
Chips well manned and victualled, hauing in them divers cunning men to feeke range regions, 
and fo thep fet fooyeh out of the Thames, the 20, dap of Map inthe 19. peere of his raigne, which 
was the peere of our Lob, 1527. ; 

And whereas maſter Hall, and matter Grafton fay, that in thoſe ſbips there were diners cu» 
ning men, J baue made great inquirie of fuch as by their peeres and delight in nauigation, migte 
give me any ligt to knotw who chofe cunning men thould be which were the directers in the afines 
{aid voyage. And it hath bene told mee by Dir Martin Frobither, and maſter Richard Alien, 4 
knigbt of the Sepulchne, chat a Canon of S. Paul in London, which was a great Mathematin 
an, and a man indued with wealth, did much aduaunte the action, and went therein himſelle in 
perfon, but what his name was, I can not learne of any. And further they told mee chat one of 
che (hips was called the Dominus vobiſcum, which is a name likely to bee giuen by areligions 
man okthoſe dates: and chat failing very farre NRunthwelkward, one of the fips was tali awey m 
it entredinto a dangerous gulpbe, about the great opening, betweene the Noyth partes of Hen 
found land, and the countrey lately called by her maieſtie Meta Incognita. Ahereupontbe ether 
ſhip Haping her tourſe towards Cape Britton, and the toaſt of Norumbega, and oftentimes pus 
ting their men on land to fearch the Tate ofthole vnknowen regions, returned home about the be 
giming of Ottober, ofthe peereaforetaid, And thus much (by reaſon ol the great negligence of 
the writers of thoſe times, who ſhould haue vſed moze care in pꝛeſeruing the memoꝛies of the wap 
thie acts of our nation, ) is all that hitherto J can learne, o; Brio out of chis voiage. 


The voyage of maſter Hore and diuers other Gentlemen, to 
Newfound land, and Cape Breton, in the yeere 1 53 6. and in the 28. 
yeere ofking Henry the eight. 


e matter Hove of London, a man of goodly ſtature and of great courage andgh 
F oy N uen to the ſtudie of Coſmographie, in the 28. peere ofking Henry the 8, and in 
hee x the peere of our Lord 1536, encouraged diners gentlemen and others being a6 

„ 2 7 fiten by the kings fauour and good countenance to accompany him in abopage 

DNS IY AA of tilcoucrie vpon the Nonthtweſt partes of America: wherein his perftoations 
as cooke ſuch effect, that within ſhoꝛt fpace many gentlemen of the innes of cout, 

and of Chauncerie, and diuers other of good woꝛſhip deſirous to {ee the range things of he 
woꝛld, very willingly entered into the action with him, fome of whofe names were as followed: 
M. Mickes a gentleman of the eit countrey of fiue hundzed markes by the peere lining, MPa 
Ger Tucke a gentleman of Rent. . Tucklield. . Thomas Buts the fonne of fir Willian 
Bute knigbe of Mopfotke, which is pee aliue, and from whofe mouth J wpote moſt of tbis rele 
tion. Satter Hardie, matter Biron, matter Carter, matter night, matter Naſtall Serieant 
Raktals thocher, matter Ridicp,and diuers otber, which all were in the admirall called the Crinitit, 
a ſhip of ſeuen {core tunnes, wherein Hore himſelle was imbarked. In the other ſhippe whek 
name was the iniou. went a very learned and vertuous gentleman one matter Armiat Gare, 
father to the wonſhipfull matter Milliam Made now clerke of the piuie counſell, Patter Oluur 
Dawbeney merchant of London, H. Jop afterward gentleman of the kings chappell, with vues 
other ol good account. Che whole number that went in the two tall ſbippes afdgeſapd. to bit, ih 
Trinicie andthe Winion, were about fir (cope perfons, whereof 30. were gentlemen, which all were 
muttered in warlike maner at Graueſend, and after the receiuing of the facrament,thep embarks 
Chemfeluesin the endol April, 1 5 3 6. fon 


M. Hore. | 


called the 
ing Hen 


iſco- 


f bis councrey, ag 
renden 


e ſtrange 
his 1 


e were diuers a 
nauigation, might 
recters in the ate 
r Richard Allm, 4 
teat Pathemutin 
therein himſelle in 
ld mee that one of 
uen by arcligions 
was caſt ame u 


lemen, to 
the 28. 


peat courage andgt 
uy the 8, and in 
e 
my him in a bopage 
in his prrftvafions 
the — ve 
range 
were as followeth 
peere lining, Pe 
ine of fit i 
te moff of this rele 
Naſtall Dericant 


IA. Haro. > ofthe Engliſh nation. 518 


unh ume of chete Ceteing out fram Graueſende, they were very long at ſea , co witte,aboue 

tue meneths, and neuer isuchedanp lande vixill they came to part of the Tiel ladies about 

Cape Breton, Daping their courte Moptheakwards, vntill thep came to che Illand of Cave Briton. 
Penguin, tobich is very full ot tochen and ſunnes, wobereon they went andfounde it full of great . 


+ (gules white and grap, as bigge as geeſe, and thep lame infinite nombers of their egges. They 9 —.— 


nomber of the foules into their boten vyon their (ailes, and tooke vp many of their. fh about the 
merase foe chep Cah an chet Chines were be — full ot bolesbeing fea offs begets. 
dep peice and cate them, aud found them to be very good and nouriſbing meate. They lam allo 
ian il beares both blacke and white, of whome the y killed fome, aud tooke them fo) uo bade 


. (asics befape mentioned) tons inthis opage ant inthe Minion, 9. Datwbents 
gheM. Richard Hakluyt of the midvle Temple ebefe things following sto wit, Cbat alter their hard ware 
nul in Newfound land, and pauing dene there certatue vapes at ancre, and nat hauing pet Cup 
dun any of the naturall people of the Countrey, the fame Dawbeny walking one dap on the : 
huchen, ſpird a boate with Spauages of thoſe partes, roving Downe the bap cobarbe therm, 
galt vpon the ſt pe and our people, and taking bie we of theit conmming aloofe,bee called to ſuch 
as ute vnder batches, and willed them to come vp if they would ſee the naturall people of the 
Councrey, that thep had fo long and ſo much velired to fee : Mbereupontley tame vp andcooke: Thep brbeld, 
nene ofthe Sauages towung to warv them and their ſhippe, and vpon the vie we they manned ef mewfound 
gut a ſhipboote to meete them and to take them. But they ſpying our ſhipboate making towards d. 
them, returned with maine force ¢ Aled into an Illand that lape vp trfthe bay oz riuer there, and our 
men purſued them into the land, and the Sauages fledde and eſcaped: but our men founde a 
fice, andthe fide vf a benre o a wodden ſpit tek at che ſame by che Dauages that were fledde. 

Chere in the fame plact they ſeumde 2 boote of leather gs Ged. on the vtter five of the calfe 
wich certaine baue trailes, as it were of rawe ſilke, aud allo foumde a certaine great warme mit 
ten: andtheſe carried with chem, they returned to their ſhippe, not finding the Sauages non ſee · 
4 Tele befives the ſople, and the things growing in the fame, which chiefly were More 

and pine trees. 

fudlunder che fain M. Dawbeny told him, that lying tbere they grewe into great want of bic: 
dull m that chere they found finall reliefe,mope then that they had trom the neſt ol an Ofprey, 


dourelp to her pong: great plentie of duers foxes or ithes, But ſuch was che famine Errrremt tas 
thet amongſt chem from day to day that chep were fopced to (ecke to relieue themſelues 
tate herbes and routes chat they fougbe on the maine : but the famine increaling, and the re- 


ieheof herben being to little purpole 


des to latilſle their inſatiable hunger, in the feldes and deſerts 
nm there, the 


2 he Soy 
antes 
fo} tion, 1 


ann to leaſe God to looke vpon their 
Wc ecke U Am ſuch was the . of The enguih 
tame night there amriued a French ſwiyye in tha por well furniſbed with vittaile, rina up 
ir tbe Cea rbengig i bern bg 


mu lingthem they fet fatle tu conm iat Engl. 2505 tics ‘ 
e ep wee fee sn a Dry toe igh amp 


519 ‘The voyages and difcoueries Seb. Cabots pater. 
Bases wm che Corner feafon,on which were bakes and oer foulesca ret chemfeues being wearic lp 


poe ag 


ger chen Herons, whic 
at S. lues in Copnewwall about the ende of October, From they Departen wnt acer 
Cattle belonging to ſir Iohn Luttrel, where M. Thomas Huta, and M. Raitall, and other Gentig: 
men of the voyage were very — tea ttn tame to the Carle of Bathe n 
Bathe, and thence to Briſtoll, and foto London. M.Buts was ſo in the voyage with bun 

er and milerie, that fir William his father and my Lady bis mother. knee him not to be then 
onne, vntill they found a certaine ſecret marke which was a wart vpon one of bis knees,as her 
tolde me Richard Hakluyt of Oxforde himſelle, to whome A rode 200. miles onely to leamethe 
8 vopage from his otune mouth, as being the onely man notne aline, that tus 
nis coucrie, ‘ 

Certaine moneths alter, thole Frenchmen came into England, and made complaint to ling 
Henry the d: the king caulung the matte r to be examined, aud finding the great diſtrelle of hs 


recom. Cubiects, and the cauſes of the dea ling fo with che French, was fo mooued with pitie, chat her pw 


Barg ed niſhed not his fublects, but of bis otune purſe made full and ropall recompenſe put the 
French. 


In this diſtreſle of mine the Engliſh did ſome what re lieue 
the fprings che freſh water out of tertaine wooden cups, out of 
compofita before, 8 


bitall ſpirits, by dunking a 
ichchep bin puke tei Agua 


The large penfion graunted by K. Edward the 6. to Se. 


baſtian Cabota, conſtituting him grand Pilot 
of England. 


Dwardus fextus Dei gratia Anglię, Francię, & Hibernię rex, omnibus Chri- 
| {ti fidelibus, ad quos pręſentes 5 literę noftre peruenerint ſalutem. Sciatis 
quod nos in cõſideratione boni & acceptabilis ſeruitii, nobis per dilecum 
ſeruientem noſtrum, Sebaſtianũ Cabotam, impenſi atque impendendi de 
Aa) i gratia noſtra ſpeciali, ac ex certa ſcientia, & mero motu noſtro, nec non de 
FY || aduifamento, & conſenſu præclariſſimi auunculi noſtri Edwardi Ducis So- 
b nenſeti perſonæ noftre Gubematoris, ac Regnorum, dominior i 
ruinque noftrorum protectoris, & etterorum conſiliariotum noſtrorum, dedimus & conceflie 
mus, ac per pręſentes damus, & consedimus eidem Sebaſtiano Cabotæ, quandam annuitatem 
ſiue annualem reditum,cétum fexaginta & ſex librarũ, treſdecim ſolidorum, & quatuor dens- 
riorum ſterlingorum habendam, gaudendam, & annuatim percipiendam prędictam annuite 
tem, ſiue annalem reditum eidem Sebaftiano Cabotę, durante vita ſua naturali, de thefaurono- 
ſtro ad receptum ſcacari noftri Weſtmonaſterũ per manus thefauratiorum, & Camerariorum 
noſtrorum, ibidem pro tempore exiſtentium, ad Pita annuntiationis beatę Marię Virginis,na- 
tiuitatis ſancti Ioannis Baptiſtę, Sancti Michaelis Archangeli, & Natalis Domini per ara 
portiones ſoluendam. Et viterius de vberiori gratia noftra,ac de aduiſamento, & conſenſu pre 
dictis damus, & per præſentes concedimus præfato Sebaſtiano Cabotæ, tot & tantas Denatio - 
rum ſummas, ad quot & quantas dicta annuitas ſiue annalis redditus centũ fexaginta ſex libra. 
rum reſdec im ſolidorum, & quatuor denariorum, à feſto ſancti Michaelis Archangeli vitimo 
præterito huc viquefe extendit, & attingit, hahendas & recipiendas præfato Sebaftiano Cabo. 
tz 8c affignatis ſuis de theſauro noſtro prædicto per manus prædictorum Thefaurariorum, & 
Camerariorum noſtrorum de N abfque computo, feu aliquo alio nobis ibu 
vel ſueceſſoribus noſtris proinde reddendo, foluendo, vel faciendo, eo quod expreffa mentio, 
&c. In cuius rei teſtimonium, &c. Tefte Rege, apud Weftmonafterium, 6. die Januasii,Anno 


2. Regis Edwardi ſexti. 
1 The fame in Englifh 


very rare, efy 

ut ol Seftos upon t 
teeth, an 

vſed there fuc 


ling being arriued, 
Whitehall: at tl 


ing 
fi, M. Haukins ac 
li Countrey : but 
Canage king died at 
keram bis pledge. 
u men with ct 
man of che co 


ots patent, 


by Dinking a 
N their Aqua 


to Se. 


omnibus Chri 
falutem. Sciatis 
bis per dileGum 
impendendi, de 
tro, nec non de 
wardi Ducis So- 
niorum, ſuhdito· 
mus & conceſſi- 
dam annuitatem 
x quatuor dena- 
dictam annuita- 
de thefaurono- 
Camerariomm 
rig Virginis, na- 
nini per “pad 
& conſenſu pre 
tantas Denario» 
aginta ſex libta- 
* geli vitimd 
baſtiano Cabo 
efaurariorum, & 
obis hæredibus 
xpreſſa mentio, 
e Januarii,Anno 


„ defender ofthe 


one, outa esp 


t metre muiun, 
aud 


MWilian Hawkins. of the English nation. 720 


50 che aduiſe and counfell of our mo honourable vncle Edward buke of Somerfet goucr - 
gout of OUT aud Ppote cto? of our kingdomes, dominions, and fubscts, and ol the re of 
ws haus giuen and grauuted, and bp theſe prefents doe giue and graunt to the (aide 
gchaltan Cabota, a certaine ammitie, 03 peerely tcueuue of one hundpech, chetſcode and fire 
fhillings foure pence ſterling, to haue, enioye, and pectelp veceiue the fone · 

Euren peerelp reuune to the ſcheſaide Sebaftian Cabota during bis naturall life, out 
dour Creafurie at the tertite of our Exchequer at MAeũminſter, at the handes of out Trraſu 
5 there remapning fo the time being, at the fealles olthe Annuntiation of 
Mary he Matiuitie of S. lohn Baptiſt, S. Michael the Archangel, and the Na 


aud our moze ſyetiall grace, and by the aduiſe and conſent afopeſaide we doe giue. 

by theſe prelenes doe graunt vnto che afopefaive Sebaltian Cabota, fo many. and fo great 

mes of money as the ſaide annuitie 0p peerelp teurnue of an hundꝛeth, thneeſcoe and fire 

chirteene ſhillings 4, pence, doeth amount and riſe vnto from the feat of S. Michael the 

vnto this prefeue time, to be had and receiued by the afopefaive Sebaſtian Ca- 

s out of our afopefain Creafurie, atthe handes of our afopefaive Creafurers, 

snofficers of our Exchemier of our free gift without act o auything elle cherefope to bee 

redet, hape, oy made, to vs, our hetres op fucceffours, fopamuch as herein exppelle mention is 
to the contratp, 

. baue cauteothefe curl ettereto be mabe patents : €liene(® the king 

gMetmintter che lixt dap of Januarie, in the {ecoud pecre of his raigne. The peere of our 


Lopes 5 48, 


A voyage to Braſill, made by the worfhipfull M. Wil- 


liam Haukins of Plimmouth, father to fir lobn Hane 
kins knight now liuing, in the yeere 1530. 


EEE Loc M. William Haukins of Plimmouth,a man fon bis wildome, valure, erpes 


> Wed cience and Chill in fea cauſes much efteemed, and be loued of king Henry the 


9 1. made onelyto the knowen coaftes of Europe, armed out a tall and goodiy hip 
ol bis otune of che burthen of 250. tunnes, called the Pole of Plimmouth, 
wherewith hee made einer long and famous vopages vnto the coat of Braſill, a thing in thofe 
bapes verp rare, eſperially tu out Nation. In the courte of which voyages be touched at the Ris 
ut ol Seſtos wpon the coaſt of Guinea, where hee trafiqued with the Negroes, and tooke of them 
n per ldeth: and fo arriuing on the coaſt of 
ler there ſuch diſcretion, and behaued himſe lle fo wilely with thole fauage people, that he 
2 great familiaritie aud ip with them. Inſomuch that in his 2. voyage, ane of the 
kings of the Countrey of Braſill, was contented to take ſhippe with bim, and to bee tran’ 
lend hither into England: whereunto M. Haulins agreed, leauing behinde in the Countrey as a 
Menge for his ſafetie and teturne againe, one Martin Cockeram ofPlimmouth, This Brafilian 
lung being arriued, was bꝛought vp to London, and pꝛeſented to king Henry the d. lying as then 
1 Wbitehall: at the ſight of whame, the king and all the Nobilitie did not a little marueile, and 
het without cauſe: foʒ in his checkes were holes made actoꝛding to their ſauage maner, and theres 
tulmall bones were an inche out from the faid holes, which in his owne Coun · 
ftep was reputed for a great hꝛauerie. He had alſo another bole in his nether lippe, wherein was 
{ta precious fone about the bigneſſe of a peaſe 2 All his apparell, behautour and gefture, were 
bery frange to the bebolvers, 
Dauing remained here the (pace almoſt of a whole pere, and the king with bis ſigbt fully fatif: 
da, M.Haukins actoꝛding to bis pomife and appointment, purpofed to connep him againe into 
bis Countrep : but it fell out in the way that by change of apre, and alteration of diet, the ſaide 


er aes Sea, which was feared woulde turne to che lofle of the life ol Martin Coc- 


— 


21 The voyages and diſcoueries MA. ahn Haukin, 


oger 
—̃ IR EY 
with their ſhippe iv aighted, and furuiſhed wich che commodities of che Countrep. IAhith Marti at 
Se connecter fir Iohn Haukins, being an officer inthe towne of ied Seng Then 
liuing within theſe fete peeres, N * — All 
Abaue bene infopmed by M. Anthony Garrard an ancient ¢ woiſbipful marchant ot L onten, and aduentu 
that this voyage to Brafil was frequenced bp Robert Reniger, Thomas Borey, and diners other ons Theo 
wealthie Marthants of Southhampt on, about 50,peeres pat. to wit, inthe peere 1540. Sats rt 
. ° : azsaptar’s 

An atte againſt the exaction of money or any other thing — bic 
by any officer for licence to trafique into Jelandzand New same 

found land, made in An,2. Edwardi fexti, * Pane se i 
S onſmcbas within ehete few perres notw Lat pate chere bath bene 2 3 
c ceiued ¢taken by certaine ofthe officers of the Admitaltie, of ſurh foyan® 
md fiſdermen as haue vſed and practifen the aduentures and iourneis into lie. bye oe 
| land, New found land, Iteland, and other places commodious lo; fifhing and flan of Hif 
s che getting of Ah, in and vpon the {eas qm otherwiſe. by wap of Barchantsin this Ent 
code parties diuers great exattions, as ſummes of money, doles op thares of — shen tha 
fith,¢ ſuch other like things to the great diſcouragement e hinderance of the lame marchants amp tpentto Port 
fiſhermen, and to no litle damage of the whole common wealth, and thereof alſo great complaints Abd bee failed cu 
haue bene made, x infoꝛmations alſo pere ly to che kings Mateſties moft honourable countell sf cou hier, wb 
refopmation whereof, ¢ to the intent alfo that the ſaid marchants and fifhermen map haue occafion iwbich be rect 
the rather to ppactife and vſe the fame trade of marchandésing, and fthing freely without anp fuch dt {a 
charges oz exactious, as is before limitted, wher: bp it is to be thought that more plenty of fh thal babe ktaigbteb 
come into this realme, c thereby to haue the fame atmore reafonable pꝛites: Be it therloze enacted Spaine. Andth 

by the king our ſoueraigne Lopd,and the loꝛds ¢ connnons in this pꝛeſent parliament aſſembled, bike Caycos 
and by authopitie of the ſame. that neither the Admiral noz any officer,op minifter, officers 0} minis Wit India q 

ſters of the Admiraltie for the time being, hall in any wife hereafter exact, reteiue, o take bp hin A 


ſelle his feruant, deputie, ſeruants, op deputies of any ſuch marchant e fifherman, any ſunumt o weno he ca 
ſummen of money doles op ſhares of fith, o any other reward, bene lite op aduantage whatſoeuerit N 
befor any licence to paſſe this Realme tothe faive voyages oz any of them. nop vpon any refpert 
concerning the ſaide voyages, no any of them, vpon paine to forfeite fop the firſt offence treble the 
ſumme, op treble che value of the rewarde, benefite oz aduantage, that any ſuch officer oz minilter 
thal hereafter haue op take ol any ſuch matchant oz fithermen, Foꝛ the which fozleiture the partic 
grieued, and tuery other perfon o 8 whatſoeuer he op they be,thal and map (ue fon the fame 
by information, bill, plaint, oz action gf debt in any of the kings courts of recoꝛde: Che king to 
haue the one moitie, and the partie complapning the other moitie: in which ſuite no efloigne, po 
tection,or wager ol lawe ſhalbe allowed. And fo? the ſetond offence the partie fooffending, not ous 
lpto looſe and fonfeice his op their office 02 offices in the Admiraltie, but alſo to make fine and ran 
fome at the kings will, and plealure. 

By this act it appeareth, that che trade out of England to New found land was common and 
frequented about the beginning of che raigne of Edward the 6. namely in the pere 1548. and it is 
n by the negligence of our men, the countrep in all this time hath bene 
no better ſearched. 


The firſt voyage of the right worfhipfull and valiant knight, 


fir John Haukins, now treaſurer of her MaieSties nauie 
Royall,made tothe Welt Indies 1 5 6 2. 


NY A by wour with tbe people. informed bimfelfe amongtt them by diligent inqul 
AA the tate of che nem India, twberenf be ben vecefued fome enten. 


lers 
wae I Negroes were becp good marthandiſe in Micaela tht ftore of Ne- 
might eafily be had vyon the coal of Guinea, refoluen with himſe lle to mate rial erst 


pt ſuch Parchanes, 
d iourneis into Ife. 
AP of Marchantt in 
» Doles op (hares o 
me marchants am 
o great complaints 
able countell sf 
map haue octaſion 
p without any fuch 
aC plenty of fich thal 
e it cherfope enacted 
Ament allemblen, 
er officers oꝛ minis 
eiue, oz take by hime 
an, any fume op 
tage i 
m vpon anp reſpett 
ft offence treble the 
b officer op miniter 
lonfeicure the partie 
ap (ue ſo the fame 
ande: The king to 
te no effoigne, pros 
ing, not ones 
make fine and ran 


was common and 
ere 1548. and it is 
his time hath bene 


it Knight, 


ause 


1 oger Bodenham. of the Engliſn nation. 


gavconmamicated that deuiſe with bis wojſhipfull friends of London: namely nuth fir Lionell 
5 Thomas Lodge, M. Gunſton his father in lawe, fic William Winter, M.Bromfield, 
spacters, All tobich perfons liken fo well of bis intention, tbat they becarue liberall cantribue 


gnsanbaduencurers in the action. Fo which purpoſe there were 3. good g immediatly 
Che one callethe Salomon of the burthen of 120. tunne, wherein M. Haukins himſelle 
bat Otnerall: Che 2. che Swallow of 100,cunnes, wherein went fo M. Thomas 


acaptor's and che 3 the lonas a bark: of 40.tunnes,wherein the Maller cothe Captaines 
mtn whieh (mall flecte, M.Haukins tooke with him not aboue 10e. fn Re of fickes 
geile, and other inconuentences, whereunto men in long voyages are commonly ſubiert. 

Miththis company hee put off and departed from the coat of England in the moneth of Octo 
ber 1562. and in his courte touchen firtt at Teneriffe, where he recetued friendly intertainement. 
Feomthence hee paſſed en Sierra Leona, vponthe coaſt of Guinea, which place bythe people of 
the Countrep is callcis Tagarin, where he ſtayed ſome good time and got into bis Ip 
bythe ftwopd,and partly by other meanes to the nomber of 3 oo. Negroes at the other 
macrhandites, which that Countrey pee ldeth. Mith this pꝛape he failed ouer the Otean fea vnto 
the Amd of Hifpaniola, and arriued firſt at the poꝛt ot Iſabella: umd there hee had reaſonable vtte 
nee ol his Eng liſh commoditie g, as alſo of ſome part of his Negroes, truſting the Spaniards no 
ſuther chen that by his olune ſtrength he was able Rill to maſter them. From the port of Ifabella 
e went to Porte de Plata, where he made like ſales, canding alwapes upd his gard: from thence 
alfo bee failed t. Monte Chriſti another pot on the North five of Hiſpaniola, and the laſt place of 
Hetouching, where he had peaceable cratique, ¢ mane vent of the whole nomber of his Negroes: 
fon which he receiued in thoſe 3.places by way of exchange, ſuch quantitie of marchandiſe, chat be 
bo not onely lade his owne 3. ſhippes, with hides, ginger, ſugers, and ſume quantitie of pearles, 
but be ſraigbtewallo two other huikes with hides, and other like commodities, which be fent inta 
Spaine. Andthus leauing the Illand, hee returned and diſimboked, palling out by the lands 

the Caycos, without furrher entring into the bay of Mexico, in this bis firt voyage to the 
Melt india. And ſo with pꝛoſperous ſucceſſe and much gaine to himſelfe, and the alogeſaidt ad: 
ueneurers he came home, and arriued in the moneth of September 1563. 


Avoyage made by M. Roger Bodenham, to S. Iohn de 
Vilua in the bay of Mexico, in the yeere 1564. 


WA Ror) Roger Bodenham,hauing a long time liued in the Citie of Siuill in Spaine, bee 
uns dbere married, and by occafion chereof vling trade and tralique to che parts 
7 19 siz) of Barbaric, grew at length to great loſſt and hinderance by that ur werade be: 
l Is unne by mec in the Citie of Fez: Thereupon being returned into Spaine J 
began to call my wits about me, and to conſider with mp {rife by what meanes 
might recouer ¢ renue my ſtate: aud in conc luſion by the ayde of mp friends, 
Ipocured a ſbippe called the Barke Foxe, pertaining to London, of the burden ol 8. 059. {cope 
tannes,and with the fame J made a voyage to the Meſt India, hauing obtained good fauour with 
the Spanith marthants . by reaſon ol my long abode, and marriage in the Counttey. My voyage 
wasin the companie of the Generall Don Pedro Melendes, ſo) Noua Hiſpania. ho being 
bunſelfe appointed General for Terra firma and Peru, made bis forme our Gencrall fo, ewe 
Spaine although Pedro Melendes himlelſe was che principall man and viretcter in both ſleetes. 
We all depatted from Cales together the laſt day of May in the pere 1564. And I with my Hip 
being vnder the conduct of the ſonne of Don Pedro afozefaive, atriued with him in Nous Hiſpa · 
nia her / mmediat ly A cooke onder for § diſcharge of my marchandiſe at the port ol Vera Cruz, 
ethertwife called Villa ricca, to be tranſpofted thence to the Citie of Mexico, whichis 70. and ode 
diltant from the ſaid port of Villa Ricca, In the wap are many good tohmes, as namely, 
Pueblo de los Angelos. another called Tlaxcalan. The titie of Mexico hath 3. great cauſeis to 
bring men to it. conpaſled with a lake ſo that it needeth no walles, being fo defended bp the water. 
is a Citie plentiful of al neceſſary things hauing many faire houles, Churches ¢ monatteries, 
Abauing continued in the Countrey the (pace of . monetha . returned againe frp Spaine with the 
Spanith fleet, deliueren the marthandile ¢ ſiluer which J had in p ſhip , inta the Cocraccion houſr, 
in there receiued my fraight, which amounted out wards and homewards to the value of 13000. 
ducats, x mone, I obſerued many things in p time of my abode in Noua Hifpania as wel 
the czmodities of the urn. 7 boch Spaniards ¢ Indians hut 
3 


522 


the Spanith bittopies are full of thoſt obferuations, A omit them. and refer che reabers to the fang, 


onelp this I fap,that the commoditie of Couchenelio, groweth in greateſt aboundanct the Euitr 
— Pueb o de los Angelos, and is not there worth about 40. pente the pound, berg ahem of va h. gt 
The voyage made by the worfhipful M. lohn Haukins Ef, — 
now knight, (aptaine of the Iefus of Lubek, one of her Maiefties wm eerie bp 
fhippes,and Generall of the Salomon, and other two barkes go- pecould 15 — 
5 ing in his companie to the coaſt of Guinea, and the Indies unde of — of} 
of Noua Spania, being in Afftica, and America: — ae 
begunne in Au. Dom, 5 6 4. e 
in the wen 
After lohn Haukins with che Zeſus of Lubck, a ſhippe of 700, and the Salo. | 
mon a ſhip of 7.{cope.the Tiger a barke of 30. and the Swallowe of 30 ung to haue ſent 
being all well furnithed with men to the notice of one hundzeth, thheeſtey welled a leagu 
ottoder 18. andtenne, as alſo with opdinance, and vittuall requifice fop ſuch a vopagt, be, ypon the two poi 
parted out of Plimmouth the 1 8.bap of October in the yer of our Loyd 1564, ichen to the num 
: with a profperous winde: at which departing, in cutting the forefaile, a map rietobis expectat 
uellous mil ſontune happened to one of the officers in the who by the pullie of che theat wag pangrr not knot 
Haine out of bande, being a foprowfull beginning to them all, And after cherie letting out tenne ull them, foꝛ th 
S leagues w the fea,be met be fame bap mͤh the Minion a hip of the Ducenes opaietties wernt be metpectall fri 
Baprit.and mas Captaine Dauid Carlet, and alſd her confort, the Iohn Baptiſt of London, being boundets aefned And in the 
Bun Guinea allo, tubo bailed one the other aſter the cuſdome of the Den, with cereaine pirces ofep poldcheir binds, 
Suma. dinaute fopiop of their meeting s which done che Minion departed from him to fecke her other com annchen alking f. 
which was a ſtarnt out of fight, leauing in M. Haukins compmit lun, whome he 
le 
e 
wived fo him. In 
(che leſus, whicl 
ite un his men, 
Erne to bim, ¢ 
b tancwhat of chef 
peste ing cero, che 
muten r: i chep make wi 
Cots ail tempared to dam 
— map cer Eis 
n 
ofthe people lo 
an he is taugl 


— 12 the Merline, whome at gas fgg opm 
kins vpon the coat ol England they went co ſeeke: and hauing mette ber, kept companie 
two Dapes together, and at lait bp mifforeune of fire ( chourd che negligence of one oftheir gu 
ners) the pomder in the quimers roome was ſet on fire, which with the fir blaſi frooke out ber 
poope, and theretvithall loft the men, belides many fore burned (which efcaped bp che Bug 
dine being at her ſterue) and immediat ly, to the great loſſe of che owner and mon horrible lige 
tothe beboloers, the fonke hefope their epes, 8 

She zo. day of the montth M. Haukins with bis confoyts and companie of the Minion, bw 
pes — Brgandines at her Kerne, waped antre, aus ſet faile on their voyage, haun 
a uu 

She ſourch of Mouember they had fight of the laude of Madera, ano the pay 


3 7 * Dando ofthe Engliſh nation. 324 


———5iE 
tum nicht ey tbougte to haue bene the Canaries, in that they ſuppoſcd chemi lues to haue 
—— at Genet ab irre wat sbuncye Pynton being a cinee op ſoure leagues 
idem ot va hi gt on ber coutſeto Ceneriffehauing better ligbt thereol chen the other han and by 
parted compame. $0; Mater Hawkins and his companie, went moge to the 
haet pon webich courte having faileda while, he eſpied another Alland, which he thougbt to be 
Cenerifte and being not able, bythe meanes of the fogge vpon the bils, to diſcerne the fame, nop 
nato litchtt by nigbt, went comer, vntill che norming, being the 7, of Aouember. which as pet 
pecould not bifcerne, but fallen along the coatt,che {pace of two homes, to perceaue fome certaiue 
marke of Ceneriffe, and found no likelihoode thereof at all, accompting that to be, as it was in 
dete the Me ol Palmemand ſo ſailing fog. aards, eſpied another Alland called Gomera, and allo Che Ine of 
Teneriffe, with the which he made, and failing afl night, came in the momning the next day to the Bauen an 
of Adecia, where he found his pinneſle which had departed from hirn the fire of the moueth, Cenerstte, 
Le inthe weather of him, and elpying the pike of Tencriffe all a high, bare thither. At his are 
mull. ſome what before he cameto anker, he hopled out bis ſhips pinnefle rowing a fhoare, inten · 
ving to haue ſent one with a letter to Peter de ponte, one of the Gouctnours ofthe Illand, who 
modeth, thpeelcore welled a league from the Hoare : but as he pꝛetended to haue landed, ſuddenlythere appearen 
ſuch a vopage, de, spon the two points of the roabe,men leue lling of baties and harquebultes to them, with divers 
four Loyd 1564, chert to the number of 80, with balberts,ppkes, woꝛdes, and targets, which happened ſo contra · 
fopstatl ne to his expettation chat it did greatly amaſe him, and the more , becaule he was nowe in their 
panger not knowing well how to auotve it, without ſome miſchtele. TUhereſoꝛe he determined to 
call tocbent,fop the better appealing of the matter. d his name, andynofeffing himſelte to 
le miſpetialli friend to Peter de ponte, and that he had things for him, which he greatly 
| a ted. And in the meane time, while he was thus wich them, whereby he made them to 
che ber othe cop 
laukins companig 


dlp,but not fo abundantly as the other, berauſe the leaues ave narrower, and are 

apeare tree. About chefe Blade , are certaine flitting Glands, which baue bene 

lane, md when men neere bantihedrag 

Meoknowen, by the report of che Inhabitants, which were not fo-nde of long time one after the o 
ther: and therefore it ſhoulde ſeeme he is not yet bone, to whee God hath 3 


525 The voyages and diſcoueries A4.Jobn Haukins 


— 
of 
Ide pthe 


F——.. x sa 
ding of them. In this Jſland of the Teneritte, there is a hill called the Wike, betauſe u pe 
which is in yeigth by cheirreports, 20. lagucs, hauing both winttr and ſunnmer, aboundanct 


ſnowe in the toppe of it: this pike may be ſeene in a citere dap 30. leagues off, bute eters 


though it were a blacke clowde a great heigth in the element. A haue heard of none to be compa 
red with this in heigth but in the Judias J haut ſeene manp, and in my iudgement noe inferigur 
to the pike, and ſo the Spaniards Mitt. 

The 15. ol Nouember at nig bt, we departed from Teneriffe, and the 20, of the fame, wet ban 
fight ol 10. Carue ls that were tithing at ſea, with whome we would haue ſpoben, but they fee 


Cape de Bare ting vs fled mto a place of Barbarie, called Cape delas Barbas, 
bas, 1 


Cape Blanco 


The 20, the ſhipyes pinneſſe, with two men in ber, failing by the thippe, was ouerthnoven 
the ouerlight olthem that were in her, the wind being ſo great, that befope they were pag 
the thip had raſt about fo chem, the was dpiuen halfe a league to leeward of the pinnelle , and had 
loft fight of her, ſo that there was finall hope of recouerie, had not Gods helpe, and the Capeaines 
diligence bene, who hauing well marked, which way the pinneſſe was bythe Dunne, 

24. of the luſtieſt rowers in the great boate, to rowe to wind wards, and fo recouered, comtatyt 
ali mens expectations, both the pinneſſe and the men ſitting vpon the keele of ber. 

Che 25. be tame to Cape Blanco, which is vpon the coaſt of Affrica, and a place twherette 

Portingals doe rive that fiſbe there, in the moneth of Moucmber efpeciallp , and is a very good 
plate of ſiſhing, fo Pargoes. Mullet, and Dogge ſiſbe. In thts place the Portingals haue no holde 
oz their defenfe, but baue reſcue of the Barbarians, whome they entettaine as their fouldiers, in 
the time oftheir being there, anv fo; their liſhing vpon that coaſt of Affrica, doe pay a tettaine iii 
bute to the King of the Moores. The people of that part of Affrica, are tawnie, hauing long baite, 
without any apparell, ſauiug beloꝛe their pꝛiuie members. Their weapons in warres, art bonnes, 
and arrowes. 

The 26, we departed from S. Auis Bape, within Cape Blanco, where we reſreſhed our felues 


tape bene with fithe and other nereſſaries: and the 29. we tame to Cape Verde, which liceh in 14. degrees, 
im is. degrtty. and a halfe. Theſe people are all blacke, and are called Negroes, without any apparell,ſauingbe⸗ 


fore the ir pꝛinities: of ſtature goodly men, and well liking, by reaſon of their foode, which palleth 
all other Gupneans fop kine, goates pul lin, riſe. fruits, and fife. Here we tooke fillhes with heaves 
like Conies, and teeth nothing varying, of a iollie thicknes, but not pal a foote long, and is notto 
be eaten without flaping oz cutting of his bead, To ſpeake ſome what of the fimnpy fortes of theſt 
Gupneans, Che people of Cape Verde, axe called Leophares, and counted the goodlieſt men ol 
al other, ſauing p Manice ugoes, which do inhabite on this five p cape de Buena Speranza. Chek 
Leophares haue warres af taint the Ieloffes, which are bonderers by them: their weaponsate 
bowes, and arrowes targecs, and ſbont daggers, darts alſo, but varying from other Negroes :{) 
whereas the other vie a cong dart to light with in their hands, they carry fiue y fire finallones 
peece. which they cat with. Theile mon allo are moze ciuill then any other, becaule of their dalle 
traffike withthe Frenchmen, and art of nature verp gentle, and louing: for while we were there, 
we tooke in a Frenchman, who was ore of the 19. that going to Braſile, in a Barke of ha 
60. tunnes, and being a fea boo of Cape De Verde, 200, leagues, theplankes of their 
with a fea babe out vpon them ſo ſuddenly, that much a doe they had to ſaue chemfelucs inthalr 
boates : but by Gods pꝛouidente, the wind being weſterly, which is rarely ſeene there, they got u 
the fhoare,to the les Braues, and in great penurie got to Cape Verde, where they remained fire 
weekes, and had meate and dyinke of the fame people. The ſaid Frenchman hauing foꝛlaken bis 
fellowes, which were yer leagues off from the ſboare, and wandzing with the Negroes too and 
fro, ſotuned to come to the water ſide, and communing with certaine of his countrepmen , which 
were in our ſbip, by their perſ wafions came away with vs: but his entertainment amongſt them 
was ſuch that be veſired it not: but though the impoꝛtunate requeſt of his Countreymen, com 
ſented at the lalt. Pere we ſtaied but one night, and part of the day: forthe 7. of December, wee 
chem D haue taken Negroes there perforce, the Ppnions Wed — 
to Dof ax comming . and our pretence, wherefone they did auoide 

we had laid for them. we 

The 8, of December, we ankered by a finall Iſland, called Alcatrarfa,wherrin at our going l 
thoare, we found nothing but fea birds. as we call chem Ganets,but bythe Portingals talled Al- 
catrarfes, who for that cauſe gaue the ſaid Alland the fame name, Herein halfe of our boater torte 
Laden torts yong and olde fone, who not being vledto che fight of men. lw fo about vs, that wee 
roke them do tune with poles , In this place, the two fips riding, the two barkes , with ther 
boates, went into an Alland of the Sapies, called La Formio, to fee it they vould cake auy of 2 


ty 


= 
M. lobn J 


their Cotune ant 
lern built in a 


duered, Contrarpta 
er 


da place whererte 
and is a very good 
ngals haue no holde 
their foulbdicrs , in 
de pap a certaine tri» 
Hauing long bart, 
warres, are bots, 


refreſhed our {clues 
tech in 14. degrees, 
apparel fauingber 
foode, which palleth 
ie liſhes wih header 
e long, and is notto 
miopp fortes of the 
the goodlieſt men of 
1a Speranza. Theſt 
: their weaponsate 
other Negroes : ft) 
c fire finallones a 
etauſe of their dailit 
chile we twere there, 
Barkeof Diepe, of 
nkes of their bate 
themſelues intheit 
me there, they got to 
e they remainet fire 
auing foꝛlaken bis 
he Negroes too and 
duntreymen, which 
ment among them 
Tountreymen, com 
of — 
PH prions men 
did auoide the fares 


ertin at our going & 
ortingals called Al 
fe of our boater went 
about vs, that wee 
y barkes , with then 
d cake any of 2 


M. lobn Ham int. of the Englifh nation. 526 


un there landed to the number ol 80, in armour, and eſpying certaine, made to them, but they 
ain luch endet into the woods, tyat it booted them not to followe: ſo goung on their way forward 
til thep came Co a rtuce which they could not paſſe ouer, they eſpiedon the other five two men, who 
pith their bowes and arrowes ſpot terribly at them. LUhereupon we diſcharged certaine harques 
ulis to them againe, but the ignopant people waied it not , becauſe they knewe not the danger 
thereof: but vſing a maruelous crying in their with leaping, and turning their tailes, that 
ius moſt ſcrange to {ee,and gaue vs great pleaſure to behold them. At the lak, one being hurt 
niche harguebulle vpon che thigh,looked vpon his wound, and wiſt not howe it came, becauſe he 
tuuld net fee the pellet, Pere Paſter Hawkins perceauing no good to be done amongſt them, be: 
conte we could not finde their to nen, and alfo not knowing how to gor into Rio grande, fo want 
ofa pilot, which was the very occafion of our comming thither: and finoing fo many (holes, fea · 
in with our great ſhips to goe in, andtherefcꝛe departed o! our pretended way to the Idols. 

Che 10, of December, hauing a noꝛtheaſt wind, with raine, and ſtoꝛme, which weather con: 
und two daies together, was the occafion , that the Salomon, and Tyger loſte our compas 


aie for whereas the Ieſus, and pinneſſe ankered at one of the Illands, called Sambula, the 12. Ch. Jan 
unihe Salomon and Tyger came not thither, till the 14. In this Iſlaud, we Rated certaine daies, alte Hambu- 


gung euery dap a ſhoare, to tabe the Inhabitants. with burning, and ſpoiling their to wnes, who 
delohe were Dapies,and were conquered by the Samboſes, Inhabitants beyond Sierra Leona. 


Chete Samboſes had in habtted there 3. peeres before our comming thither, and in ſo (hort {pace The Sambote 


paefo plancedche ground chat they had great plentie of mill. rife, rootes, pompions, pullin, 
goates,of ſmall frye dzied, euery houſe full of the Countrepfruite planted by Gods pꝛouidence, as 
Palmito trees fruites like dates, and ſundꝛy other in no place in all that Countrey fo aboundant⸗ 


iy whereby they lined moze de liciouſly then other. Theſe inhabitants haue diuerſe of the Sas Hapita. 


pes, which they tooke in the warres, as their llaues, whome onelp they keepe totill the ground, 
inchat they neither haue the knowlenge thereof, noz prt will wolke themſelues, of whome wee 


527 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Iahn Hawkins.2, 


bedſteedes arc of ſmall taues,laive along, and taiſed a ſoote from the ground, upon which ts lade 
4 matte. and another vpon them when they Li s fd other couering they haue none. In the mirale 
of the Towne there is a houſe larger and Ligher chen the other but in fopme alike, adtoyning bt 
the which, there is ¢ place made of foure good ſtancions of moode, anv around rocſe ouer tt, the 
grounde allo railed round with clape, a foote high, vpon the which ſiooye were ſtrawer manp fine 
mats: this is the conſultation boule, the like whereof is in all Cotwnes , asthe Portingals af, 
Girme sin which place, when they litte in Counlell, che King op Capcnine Aceech in the undoes, 
aud the Elders vyon che flosye bp him: (lo they giue reuerence co their Cloers,) and the com, 
mon ſonte ſitte round about them. There they late to examine matters of theft, whichif amm 
be taken with. to ſteale but a Portingall clothe from another, he is ſolde to the Portingals fm a 
ſlaue. They conſult alſo, and cake older what tyme they thall ge to wartes: and as it is cerraty 
ly reported bythe Portingals, they take onder in gatheriig ol fruite in the ſeaſou of the ert, 
and alſo fo; receauing of Palmito wine, which is gathered by a hole curte in the toppe ut a 
tree, and a gopde (ct for the receauing thereof, which falletz in by dooppes, and perldeth frethe 
wine againe within a moneth, aun this diutded. part and portion like to tuery man, by che funge, 
ment ok the Captaine and Elders, cuerp man holdeth bimfelfe contented: and this furelpy 
ludge to be a very good oder: for othermiſe, twherecs (carficte of Palmito is, euery man tooude 
baue the ſame, which might byeede great ſtrife: but fo ſuch things, as euery man doth plant in 
bimfelfe, the lower thereof reapeth it to his owe vſe, fo that nothing is common, but that wit 
is valet by mans handes. In their houſes there is mode common paſlage of Lisardes , like E- 
wats, and other greater, of blacke and biewe colour, of neerea foote long, befives their tailes, 
then there is with vs of Miſe in great houſes. The Sapies and Samboſes alſo, vſe in cheit wars 
bowes and arrowes, made ol regdes, with heads ol yon popfoned with che iuice of a Cutum 
ber, whereof I haue had many in my handes. Ju their battels they baue target men, web 
bade wicker targets, and darts with heades at boch endes, of pron, the one in forme of a to 
edged ſwodde, afoote and a halfe long, and at the other ende, the pron long of the fame length 
made to counterpeaſe ic, that in caſting. it might fice leue ll, rather then for anp other purpoſe, as 
A tan iudge. And when they elpie the enemie, the Captaine to chere his men,crieth, Hungry, 
and they anſwere Heygre, and withthat ewtrp man placeth himſelte in onder, lh about euerp 
target man tinee bowemen will couer themſtlues, and ſhoote as they Ice aduantage: and teben 

the onſet, they make fuch terrible cryes, that they may be hearde two miles off. Foy 


1 Taggarin. 


taken certaine firtt of J 


of there was luch 
and at our 


gether, came 

ern 

The two and twentteth che Captaine went into the Niuer, called Callowſa, wich the kus 
r wies, andehelohns een, — at ankerin te Rivers mouththe 


two ſhippes, che Rarer twentie leagues in, where the Portingals runde: he came the flue and 
and Diffs — — — 


.be 27. che Capeaine being aduertifed by the Portingalsaf a Cawne ofthe Negroes l 
towne of Bymba,being inthe may as hey recurned, where itie of 
ſo that there were not about fortie 


60 unles of. Ju 
ues imagine to fee 
bnto 


i, Hawkins. of the Engliſ nation. 


being thertunts alſo the mope proucked wich the molperous ſucceſle be had in other Illands av. 

iacent,ohere he had put them ail to flight, and taken in ont boate 20. together, determined to 

uur bene che Cowue chꝛee on foure homges, to fee what he could dor: and thereſofe prepared bis 

nnn amour, and weapon together, to the number of foꝛtie men well appointed, hauing to their 

guides tertaine * — aboate who bꝛought fome of them to their death: we landing boate 
diuers 

stain acompantefo9 che bopeCbep bab linde golde in their boules , ranfaking the fame, 


528 


Pormgates 
our men ſtattering themſelues, contrarie to the Captaines will, bp one de tre 


in the meane time the HRegtoes came vppon them, and hurte many, beeing thus ſcattered, want of cits 
whereas if fiue oy fire had bene together, they had bene able, as their companies did er giue theo- re 
chm to 40. of them, and being dꝛiuen botune to take their boates, were followed ſo hardly 


bparoute of Hegroes, who by that cooke courage to purſue them to their boates, that not onely 
fome of them. but others ſtanding a ſboare, not looking for any ſuch matter, by meanes that the 
paegroes vib fle at the firſt, and our companie remained in che towne . were ſuddenly fo {et vpon, 
in lame with great hurt recouercd their boates: other ſome not able to recouer the fame, tooke 
ia toater and perithen by meanes of the dae. IAhile this was a doing. the Captaine, who with a 
nien men went though the Towne. returned ſinding 200. Negroes at the waters ſide, ſhoo⸗ 
ting athemm the boates and cutting them in peeces, which were owned iu the water, at whole 
comming they ranne all away: ſo be entred his boates, and before he could put off from the hore, 
they returned againe,and thot very ſiercely. and hurt diuers of them. Thus wee returned backe, 
durwhat diſcomfozted, although the Captaine in a fingular wife manner, with countenance bes 
mpcherrefull out wardl y, as though be did little weigh the death of bis men, nop yet the great hurt 
ofthe telt, although his heatt in wardly was hnoken in peeces ſoz it, done ta this ende, that the 
Portingals being with him would not pꝛeſume to reliſt againſt him, nop take occafton to put him 
wlirther duſpleaſure 02 hinderante, foꝛ the death of our men :hauing gotten by our going ten Mee 
quis d loft ſeuen of our beſt men, whereof Maſter Field, Captaine of the Salomon, was one, 
aid we had 27. of our men hurt. In the fame howe, while chis was a doing, there happened at the 
fame inftant,a merue lous miracle to them in the ſhippes, who roade ten league s to ſeaward by mas 
sp harks o Cuberons, who came about the ſhiys among which one was taken bythe Icfus, and 
lane by che Salomon, andone very ſoꝛe hurt, eſtaped: and fo it fell out of our men, whereof one 
liche leſus men, and foure of the Salomons were killed and the 5. hauing 20. wounds, was reſcu⸗ 
md ſtaped with much adoe. a 

eee ecke sclomtea. andthe 30, departed from cheuce 
t Taggarin. ; 

Fitttof danuatte che two barkes and both the boates foꝛſooke the ſhips, and went into a ris 
wrsalled the Caſſerroes andthe 6, hauing diſpatched their b two barkes returned, and 
tue to Tag: tin, where the two ſhips were at anker. Not two daies after the comming of the 
toſlippes thither they put their water cafke a ſhaare and filled it wech water, to ſeaſon the fame, 
thinking to haue filled it with freth water afterward: and while their men were ſome a ſloare, and 
fome attheir boates the Megroes (ct vpon them in the boates and hurt diuers of them, and came 


Weve Which che nere day we wnderffoode of a Porcingail that came dumme io h. bo bad traf 
da mach che Nag wwer bp vnderlvode 


Ta 
a 


2 


ogarin. 


nuarp. 
be rwer of. 
Callers 


os. 


$29 The voyages and diſcoueries Ad. ohn Hankins 2, 


potocr be could, to tabe ſome of vs partiy fop che defire he had to ſee what kind ol people we were 
that had ſpoiled his people at the Idols, wherof he bad newes beſee our cummung . and as 9 

Cangemans alſd, vpon other octaſions pꝛouoked by the Tangomangoes, but ſute we were 

tome dorme by meantsthat in che tuening we ſawe ſuch a monttrous bre. made by the m 
plate that before was not ſeene, which fire is the onely marke lo the Tangomangoes, h 
tobere their armie is al wates. Iftheſe men had come donne in the 1. ; 
great difpleafure,fop that we were a hoare filling water : but God, who all thinges 
the belt, woulde not haue it fo, and bp him wer efcaped without danger, bis name ber yaya 


it. 
e the fame moneth we departed with all our ſhips from the Sierra Leona, um. 
che Men Indias, where fon the ſpate of 28. dates, wet were becalmed , having nome and ihm 
contrarit windes, and ſome Sernados amongeſt che fame calme, which happened to vs very Al, 
being but reaſonably watered , for fo great a conrpanit of egroes, and out {elues, 
ched vs all aud that which was wort, put vs in ſuch pte hoe 


Cannpbals ud 
exca: ding crus 

eil, and tũ 

uoided. 


leafure , b 1 rie 
long 4 


nottuichtan 
Ding that ive wert not within foure leagues of the Towne, yet were they tb afraid, that nit ontlp 
the Gouernour hunſelle, but alſo all the Inhabitants foyfooke their Comme, aſſemblmg all che 

Antiaasto them, and fled into the mauntaines. as we were partlp certiſien, and alſo ſame the ere 
a ———7 — — „„ 
palling bar d dy vs, nto Indians, hauing euerp one bowes, aud arrowed, 
atuap, who before were conuerfant with bs. Here perteauing no traffiketo be hen 


Ilm, 
ö entertape 
ng of our men: bes 


Mobs Hawkint.2. ofthe Engſich nation, 


ine came thither, came doume to vs, prefenting mill i cakes of head. which they bad made of a 
pian of cone called Maiſe, in bignes of a peaſe, the care whercof is much like to a teaſe ll, but a ſpan 
falength, bauing ther eon a number of Alſo they brought Downe to bs which we bougbt 
penter whiſtles, clafits, and other triſtes, Hennes, Wotators and pines, Theſe 

the molt delicate totes that map bee taten, and doe late exteede their paſſeneys 0} 

5 pines be of the bignelſe ol cwo lſtes. the outlive whertel, is of the making of a pine: 
apple, bur it is (oft like the rinde of a Coucomber, and the inlide tateth like an apple, but it és 
mage velisiouschen any ſweete apple ſugred. Cytie Indians be ol colbur catwnic ithe an Oliue, 
pasing tuery one of them both men and wotnen, haire all blache, and no other colour, the women 
pearing the fame banging doune to their ſboulders, and the men rounded,and without beards, 
niiher men nop women ſuffering anp hairt to grote in anp part ofcheir body, but daily puls it 
Asie groweth. They got all naked, the men touering no part of their body but their pard, by 
eathe whichchep wear a goutd op piece ot cane, made fa witha thyeed about his loines, leatting 
tie other se oftheir members vncouered, whereolthey cake no ſbame. She women allo bn: 
cured, fauing with a cloth which they weate abandbpeadeh, where with they couer their pritti: 


tis boch befoze and behind. Theſe people be very ſmall feeders, ſoytrauelling they carrie but tuo 


null bottels al gourdes, wherein they put in one the iuice of Sozrell whereof they haue great Sor v6 of 
ne, and in che other flute oftheir Maile, which being moitt, they cate, taking fomertine of the Wel. 


ether. Cheſe men carie euery man his bowe and arrowes, thereof ſome artowes are poifoned 
fq warres, mich they keepe in a Cane together, which Cane is of the biqnelle of a mans arme, 
ether forme with broad heades of iron wherewith they Arike fithe in the water 1 the experience 
tobereof we ſawe not once nop twiſe. but daily for the time we taried thece, for they are fo good at: 
chern that the Spaniards lan feare thertol arme themſelues and their hoꝛſes wich quilted canuag 
oftwo inches thickr, and leaue no place of their bodie open to their enemies, ſauing their eyes 


tebichthep map not hide. and pet oftencimes are chev bit in that fo ſmall a ſtantling : theit pot coe 


ia is ol ſuch a foꝛte, that a man being ſtricken therewith , dieth within foure and twentie hotwers, 
the Spaniards doe affirme, and in my iudgement t is like there can bee no ſtronger poyſon 
esthep make it, ving thereunto apples which are very faire and red or colour, but are a Grong: 


thers pote 
n. 


byeatts to bee great Defoyming in — 
tian while they bee pong, they deſtroy their (cede, faving, that it is fitteſt for olde women. 


Porcouer, when they are delinerrd ol childe, they goe Mraighe to wathe themſeluen, without 
waking any further ceremonie fo? it. not lying in bed as our women doe. Che beds whichthey 
dune me made of Goſſopine cotton, and w artificially of diuers colours, which they carie ae 
hone wihtbem when they trauell and making the fame fatt to two trees lie therein they and their 


women. Che peayle bee ſurely gentle and ttactable, and ſuch as deſire to liue peaceablie, op cls 


ped i bene vnpoſſible fo; the Spaniards to haue conquered them as they did, and the moge to line 
i peaceable chep being fo many in number, andthe Spaniards fofew, 
From heute we departed the eight and twentie. and the next day we paſſed berweene the maine 


land and the Ffland called Tortuga, a very lowe Illand, in the peere of our Lord God one thous The Bie r 
unde bundped fintie fine aforefain, and failed along che coat bntill the frit of Apritl, at with 


timethe Captaine fapien along in the Fetus pinnace to diſterne the coatt, ¢ aw manp Caribes a 
Hore, and ſoine alſo in thtir Canowas, which made tokens vnto him of friendſhip, and hewev 
bangolde, meaning thereby that they would traffique for warts. LI ibereupon hee ſtayed to fee 
the maners ol them, and ſo lo two op ther trilles gaue ſuch things as they had about chem and de⸗ 
but the Caribes were very to haue them come a fhore, which il it had not 
them, he would not haue denied them, betauſe the Indi⸗ 


cc. 


)— i ae ——— ”ꝙ2ꝝmLͤ— — — — 
531 The voyages and diſcoueries MA. Iobn Hawkins, 


emen ot tines and were prefentlpcaten. And this 


the Caribes. 


Aurboheata. third of Apꝛill to a Cownecalled Burbopoata, where his hips tame to an anker, and het himſtle 


who was uo ſooner a fhore, but wath 4, 07 5 moze was taken, the rell of his company beng tua 
ded by them, ſaued chemfelucs bp ſligbe . but they that were taken. paigdcbett tanſome with ther 
is their mactiſe to toll with their golde the i 

their arts: they are bioudſuckers boch of Spaniards, Indians, and all that lig be in then 
not {paring their otwne tountrymen if they tan conueniently come by chem. Their pollitte nügte 
withthe Spaniards is maruelous : ſoꝭ they chooſe for their refuge the mountaines aud wong 
where the Spaniards with their honſe cannot follomthem, aud if they fortunc ta bee mit in the 
plaine there one bopfeman may ouerrunne 100, ulthem, they baue a deuiſe of late mactifenbp 
them to pitch ſtakes ol wood iu the ground, and alfo ſmall iron pikes to miſchiefe their bortts, 
wherein they ſhew themfelues politihe warriours, They haue moze abundaunte of gold then al 
the Dpaniards baue, and liue vpon the mountains where the Pines are in ſuch number, that the 
Qpaniards baue much adoeco get any ol them from them, and pet ſometimes bp affembling a 
D iN. bappeneth once in two pecres, they get a piece ſtomthem, which af 
terwards they ure inough. 

Thus hauing efcapedthe daunger of them, wee kept our courſe along the coatt, and came the 


went a flnpeto fpeake withche paniardes, to whom he declared himſelke to be an Cngliyman, 
and came chither to trade with them by che way of merchandise, and therefore required licence for 
the fame. Cinco whom they made anſ were. that they were forbidden by the king to traffigue wh 
anp foyren nation, vpon penaltie to forfeit their goods, therfore they deſired him not to molen them 
anp further, but to depart as he came, fop other comſoꝛt he might not looke for at their hands, be 
cauſe they were (ubiects ¢ might not goe beyond the law. But he repliꝛd that his neceſſitie nag 
ſuch, be might not fo doe : fo} being in one of the Queenes Armados of England, aud hauing 
manp ſouldiours in them, be had neede both of ſome refreſhing forthe, and of victuals, and of 
money alſo, without the which bee could not depart, and wich much other talke perl waded them 
not to feare any diſboneſi part of his bebalfe towards them, o neither would he commit any fuch 
ching to the dilbonour of his prince, nop pet for his honeſt reputation and eftimation, vulelſt het 
were toorignoully delt withall, which bee hoped not to finde at their handen, in that it (ould as 
well redound to their profite, as his owne, and alſo hee thought they might doe it without dau 
ger. becaule their princes were in amitie one with another, and foz our partes wee had free tras 
que in Spaine and Flaunders, which are in his dominions, andeherefore hee knew no rtaſon 
vy bee ſbould not haue the like in all his dominions. To che wbich the Bpaniardes made an 
ſwere, that it Laie not in them to gine any licence, fo, chat they had a gouernour to wiom the gos 
uerument ol thoſe partes was committed, but if they would fap tenne dayes, they would fend co 
3 was ther (cope icagues off, and would returne anſ were withinehe ſpate ey 
pointe is mind. 

Inthe meane time they were contented he ſbould thing bis ſbips into harbour, and there they 
would deliuer him any victuals he would require. Mhereupon, the fourth day we went in, where 
being one day and receiuing all things accopding to pꝛomiſe, the captaine adwifen himſelft, that 
to remaine there tenne da yen idle, {pending victuals and mens wages, and perhaps in the tude 
receiue no good anſwere from the gouernour, it were meere kollie, andeherefore Determined to 
make requeſt to haue licence fo the fale of certaine leane and ſicke Negroes which he had in his 
ſbippe like to die vpon bis hands if be kept them ten dapes, hauing litle oz no refreſbing for them, 
whereas other men bauing them, they would bee recouered well inough, And this requett bee 
was forced to make, becaufe hehad not otherwiſe where with to pay for victuals ¢ for neceflanies 
which be ſbould take : which requett being put in writing and prefented, the officers and totune 
dwellers aſſembled together, and finding his requeft ſo reaſonable, graunted him licence for thit 
tie Regroes, which alterwardes they tauſed the officers to view, to the intent they ſbould 
ts nothing but that were very reaſonable, fo: feare of anſwering thereunto afterwardes. Chis be 
ing paſt, our captaine attoꝛding to their licence, thougbt to haue made fale, but the day palt and 
none came to bup, wo befope made ſhewe that they had great neede of them, and therefore hit 
not buhat to ſurmiſe ofthem, whether they went about to po long the time of the Goucrnour hit 
anſtuere becaufe they would keepethemſelues blameleſſe, 07 fo2 any other pollicic hee knew not, 
anid lan that purpoſe ſent them woꝛde, maruciling tbat the matter was that none came to buie 
them. They anſwered, becautt they had graunted licence onely to the pooze to buie thoſe Negroes 
of ſmall price, and their money was not ſo readie ag other mens of more wealth. Mode chen that, 
as foone as euer they ſawe the ſhippes, they conueyed away their money by their toiues that 
bent into che mountatnen fo) feare, and were not pet returned, and pet afken two N 


warts thopough b 
them. And this t 
dondd bee to his o 


nf, and came che 


an Cnglihman, 
ſuired licence fo, 
to traffique wth 
Dt to moleſ them 
their hands, be 
is neceſſitie uus 
AND, aud haui 

3 
perl waded them 
commit any ſuch 
tion, wueſſe hee 
that tt Mould es 
it without dam 
wee had frre tras 
knem no realon 
iardes made an 
to whom the gos 
ep would fend ta 
chin the {pace ay 


and there they 
e went in, where 
td himlelkt, that 
haps in the tude 
pe determined to 
ich he had in bis 
reſbing for them, 
this requett her 
e for neceſſuits 
ters and ton 
n licence fop thie» 
hey ſbould 


and hee himſtlle 


—— — — 
A. lohn Hawkins.2. of the Engliſn nation. 532 


dh wits und Fetch their money, Notuithſtanding. the next dap Diners ol them came to thea⸗ 
ene not agree of price, beraute thep thougtx the price to gb, UIbereupon the Cay 
bn they went about to dotunt the mice, and meant co bute, and would not con: 

dee had licence, chat hee mige fell ne any teaſonable rate, asthey were wonth in otber 

wo fend oy che Pxnctpals of che Cowut, and made a ſbew bee would depatt, declaring 
Fah we erp (opp that her had ſo much troub led them, and alfo that hee bad ſent fey the gor 
gqraour to come botwne, fering now his pitteute was to depart, dohereat they maruelled much, 
gapatbed hum tbat cauſe mooucd him thertunta. feeing by their working be was in poflibiicte 
v den dis licence. To the which he texliev that it was not onelp a licente chat he ſougbt . but po. 
fer, which bee perceiued was not there to be had, and cherefore would ſtede further, and withall 
duet bon bis miings what he paied fop bis He groen, declaring alfo the great charge he was 
a bis ſwipping. and mens wages, and therefoze to counteruatle bis charges, bee muſt fell his 
Amro: fo a greater price chen they offered, Wo they doubting his departure, pit him in com 
facie ell better there then in anpocher place, And tre fell ont that bee had no licente, that her 
ganto not looſe bis labour in carping, fop they would bule without licence. (Ubereupon, the cap 


mur being put in comfore, pꝛomiſed themto dap, fo that hee might make fale of his leane Ne⸗ 


grees, which they graunted bnto, And the nest dap did fell fome of chem, who hauing bought 
and paid fen them, thinking to haue had a diſcharge ofthe Cuftomer for the cultome of the Ne 
being the kings duetie, they gaue it away to the poore lo; Gods fake, and did tefule to 
pinethe diſcharge in whiting, and the poope not truſting their woꝛdes, ſoz feare, leaſt hereaſter it 
might bee demaunded ol them, did refraine from buping anp mone, fo that nothing els was done 
pactil che Gouernours comming done, which was che fourteenth day, and then the Captaine 
gure petition, derlaring that hee was come thither in a ſhippe of the Qurenes mnie ſties of 
england, beyng bod to Ouinie, and thither dꝛiuen by winde and weather, fo chat being come 
tice, hee had nerde of ſundyp nereſſartes fop the reparation of the ſayde Nauie, and alſo great 
nate ol money fo2 the paiment of his Douldiours, vnto whom hee had promifed paiment, and 
therefore although bee would, pet would not they depart without it, and lo that purpoſe reque · 
Gen licence fa, the fale of certaine of his Megroes, veclaring that although they were lonbidden 
totrattique with ſtraungers, pet for that chere was a great amitie betweene their pinces, and 
chee che ching pertained to our Queenes bigbneſſe, heechoughe be migbe doe their prince 
feenice, and that it would bee well taken at his hande s, to doe it in this cauſe. The which allega⸗ 
gations with diners others put in requeſt, were prefenten vnto the Gouernout, who fitting in 
countell fen that matter, granted vnto bis requelt for licence. But pet there fell out anocher thing 
lich was the abating of the lings cultome being vpon euery ſlaue 30. ducktts, which would not 
be granted vnto. 
GWlbhereupon the captaine perceiuing that they would neither tome neere bis price hee looked 
fa bya great deale, nop pet would abate the kings cuſtome ofthat they offered, fo that either bee 
mal bee a great looſer by his wares, q; els compell the officersto abate the fame kings cuſtome 


which was too bnreafonable, fo to a higher price hee couldnot tying the buiers: ee en —— 


Ggeternch of Apzill hee pꝛepared one hundzed men well armed with bowes, arrowes, harqu 
fs nd pikes, with the which he marched to the to wnewardes, and beyng perceiued by the Bo 
mont, bee ſtraight with all expedition ſent meflengers to know bis requeſt, deſning him to 
marche no further fo ward vntill hee had anlwere againe, which incontinent hee ſhould haue. 
Mo our captaine declaring how vnreaſonable a thing the kings cuſtome was, requeſting to haue 
te fame abated, and to pay ſeuen and a halle per centum, uhich is the opdinarie cuſtome for 
warts thorough bis dominions there, and vnto this if they would not graunt, be would diſpleaſe 
chem. And this woꝛde beyng caried to the Gouernour, anflwere was returned that all things 
fhoutd ber to his content, and thereupon bee determmed to depart, but the ſouldiours and mati: 
ten linding ſo litle credite in their promifes, demaunden cages for the performance of the pree 
muiſes, m els they would not Depart. And thus they being conſtrained to (end rages, we depatted, 
beginning our traffique,and ending the fame — — 

Thus hauing madecratfique in che harborough vntill the 8. our Captaine with his Chips in 
tendedto goe out of the roade, and purpoſed to make (het ol his departure, betauſe now the com: 
unn fort hauing imploied their money, the rich men were come to to wne, who made no ſbew that 
they were come to buie, ſo that they went about to bzing Downe the pute, and by this pollicie the 
1 would be made the mone eger, for feare leaſt we deyarted, and they houly goe 
without any at 

Che uine and tiventic we being at anker without the toave, a Freuch hippe callev the Ortene 
Cec. 2. Dzagon 


— — 


33 The voyages and diſcoueries A4./obn Hawkins, 


Dpagon of Mewhanen, whercot was captaine one Bon Temps came in, who ſaluted bs afterthe 
manet of che Mea, wich cercaine pieces of opdinaunce, and wwe keſalut ed him wih the lthe agatne 
with whom having communication, he declared that be bad bene at the Dine in Ouinit, am wag 
beaten off by the Woptingals Gallies, andinfopced to tome tbither to make fale of ſuct 

he had t and further that che lthe was happened vnto the Ainion, befines the 


captalne, Dit 
Sen dvs, let and a merchauut, witha baopen barapeb by the #2egrors at their firt amm 
of the n ther, and remaining n r 
water doubts of ban ging home 


Che increate of cactell in this Alland is maruellous, which from a doozen of eath fore haze 
thither by the qouernour, in 25. peeres had 100, thoufand at the leaſt, and of other cattell was & 
ble to kill without ſpolle of the increaſe, 1 5. bundped peerelp, which be killeth foz che ſkinnen, anv 
of the lleſh ſaueth onelp the tongues the reit he leaueth to the foule to deuour. And this J am able 
toaffirme, not onely vpon the Goucrnours otune report, uo toasthe Aritehar bougbe the in 
create thither and fo remaineth vnto this dap, but allo by that A ſawe mp felfe in one field, where 
an hundꝛed ogen lay one by another all whole, ſauing the ſkinne andtongue taken awap, and tt te 
not ſo maruelous a thing why the y doe thus taſt away the fle) in all the Illands of the Nen In 
dies, ſeeing the land is great, and mope then they are able to inhabite, the people fewe, bauing 
delicate fruits and meates inough belides to feede vpon, which they rather defire, andthe intrtut 
which palleth mans reafon to beleeue, when they tome to a great number fo) in W. Doming 
an Illand called by the finders thercof,Hifpaniola,is fo great quontitie of cattell, and fuchincreafe 
thereof shat nottuthſtanding the daily killing of them fo their duden, it isnot able to aſſwage the 
number of them but they are deunured by wild dogs, whofe number is ſuch by luftering them lil 
to range the woods and mountains, that they cate ano deftrop 60000. a peere, and pet mall lache 
found ot them. And no maruell, for the ſaid Illand is almoſt as big as all England and being the 
lirſt place that was found ol all the Indies, and of long time inhabited befoze the reſt, and thert lar 
it ougbt ol reafon to be moſt populous, and to this hower the Uiceroy and counſell roiall, abiveth 
there as in the chiefett place of all the Indies to wefcribe opvers to the ref fop che kings bebalfe, 
pet haue they but one titie and 13. villages in all the fame Alland, whereby che ſpoile of them ia 
reſpect of che increeſe is nothing, a 

Che 1 5 ofthe fopelaid moneth we departed from Curaſao, being not a little to the reiopeing of 
our taptaine and vs. chat we had there ended aur traffique, fop norwithſtanding our ſweett meate, 
we had fower fauce, fo by reaſon of our riding fo open at fea, what with blaſtes whereby our ar 
kern being a ground, thee at once came home, and alſo with contrary windes blowing, wher 
by fo feare of the (hope we were faine to bate offto haue anker hold, ſumetimes a whole day aud 
pi eee eee boosen times iu the ſpatt of 
our ere. 


8 
Che 16. wee paſſed by an Illand called Aruba, and the 17. at night, ankeed 6, bowers atthe 
Veit endof Cabo de La vela, aud in the morning being the 18. weied againe, keeping our courte, 
in the which time the capt atne failing by the fore in che pinnace, came to the Rancharia, a place 
where the Spaniards vſetao lilo; pearles, and there (poke with a Mpaniard, neee 


whole day aud 
li the ſpate of 


willed 


[lon Hawkins.2.. otthe Engliſh nation. 


was from Rio de la Hacha, which becauſe he would not ouerſpocte. umertv that mgbt 


yould rather put 
Go dpon this it was 


r 9 — would be, 
— — wm they 


— — 
tochema litter. tha ep kiten ng f ui bin, eo goe about to cut bis eipoe in the ue LJ 
this commodities, which were fo reafonablie rated, as they could not bya great deate bau the ede 
lat at ip other mans hands. But eng ie berber, 
them as good a bneakefaſt . And thereſthe in the 


ope, me cn 
oc be i abun bch ob ae om eter a 
— — ————— wa 


— el ‘ous I 
Wags in the other, as chough they 2 — But 
guue ground, and confuleed 


aduenture to trie whether he 03 they Choulb haue the better, and cherefore 
was determined bee (hould haue licence to trade, but they would giue bim ſuch a 


liked him not, he might do what he would, lo they were not 
sthe captaine waping their vuconſtion able requeſt, mote op aher fn 


bee tuould in the Hate 

the 21. of May 

Culuering co ſummon the towne, and gone men in armour, 
Faulcons of Malſe, and in the ocher boates double bas 


when we landed, 


tobat they ſbould doe. fop litle they wee would haue lan⸗ 


Cet. 3. 


535 The oe — A. labn — 2. 


ine being come to tonne 
— eee 
a ap gente. n 
ag — by meaues of pikes and 
kurniſbed and alſo 3. faulcons, wie 
de them the bolder 


tweene the captaine and him, . von 
bene taken, — 1 eee tte 7 eantene but b 

88 two hozſemen riding a gallop were come ntere vs, being ress 
we i geen ay eet we oh cai nets e capa, bt ing len or 
Maen theit bolts, connning together, and fuffering vs to paſſe, be like becaufe we were fo nette, 
that il they had gone about the fame, they had bene eſpier 
diatelp would haue denarted, they ſbould 


ü Minen 


1 


der 3-03 4, times 
— — 
being in one of che barks 


e the captaine tas inte 


wee 
vme neere vs, being len u 
t ſering vs ſo neere dur men 
e becaufe we were fo nett, 
our men which then immo 
of their pretence : aud ſo the 
vs gone, to che intent they 
be Gad, fained a ſunple extult 
che captaine, that Manding 
ts, appointed with baſes l 
ocaried none: andthus dile 
o, leauing pledgen in the 
t, ſauing fon che gouernert 
ife it was no bis due debt, 
time. thereſoye departed, 
nder ſaile, which was dont 
ebauiour there, could uot 
loge at nigbe went for the 
teoully he tooke his Icaue, 
be towneſmen 3 


* M. ahn Haul int. 2. of the Englith nation. 


536 


ue faulcons and thirtie harquebulles, aid this was the tri cune chat we kuem of the conuep- 


elther 
“Us 31 of Pap we departed, keeping our courte to Hifpeniola, and the fourth of June wee 
pea figtt of an Bland, which we made to be Iamaica, maruelling thet by she vehement courte of 
the (eas toe Chould be daiuen fo farte to larmard : fop ſetting eur courte to the Cite end of Hliſpa- 
niols toe fell wich the middle of lamaica , nottutt handing thacto all mens ſigbi it ſbewed a bead 
land, butthey were all dectiued by the clouds chat lap vpon the lend tno dayes together, in ſuth 
T endet nb ir manne he a fen, oe paar bing the tip, who 
8 inhabitant in Iamaica, hauing occaſion to goto Guinie, and being by treafon 
nen of the Negroes, ¢ aftertuards bought by the Tangomangoes, was bp our taptaine bougbt 
from thence, and had bis paſſage to go into his countrep, tho percewing the land, made as though 
een tuery place cherof, and pointed to certaine places, which he named to be ſuch a plate, and 
Gacha mans ground, and that bebinde fuch a point was the harbopotw, but in the end he pointed fo 
from one point to another, that we were a leeboorn of all places, o ſound our felues at the CLict 
cadof lamaica befoye tue were awaxe of it, and being once to lerwatd, there was no getting vp 
againe, fo chat by truſting of the Mpanpards knowledge, our captatne ſougbt not to (peahe with 
ap of the inhabitůta, which if he had not made himſelſe (ure of he would haue done. as his tuſtom 
un mother places: but this man was a plague not onely to our caytaine, tuo made him loole, 
bpouerthooting the place, two thouſand pounds bp ides, which he mighe baue gotten, but allo to 
bunſelle, who being thyee peeres out of his countrep, and in great milery in Guinie, both among 
the Negroes and Tangomangoes, and in hape to come to his wile and friends, as he made ſure 
account, in that at his going in to the pinnelſt, when be went a fhoare he put on his new clothes, 
and ion iop lung away his olde, could not afterwards finde any habitation, neither there nop in all 
Cuba, which we fapled all along, but it fell out euer, by one ocraſion on other, that we wert put 
belive the lame, fo that he was fapne to be thotugty into England, and it happened to him as tt did 
uu Dube of Samaria, when the Ilraelites were befeged, and were in great mifery with hunger, 
am being tolve bp the Hyopbet Elizzus, that a buſhell of flower ſbould be ſolde fo) a fickle, would 
int beletue him, but thought it vnpollible: and fo that cauſe Elir æus ppophefted he ſhould tre 
defame done, but he ſbould not eate thereof: fo this man being abfent chte peerts, and not euer 
taking to haue ſeene his oume countrep, did fee che lame, went vpon it, and yet nas it not his 
a 1 to it, oꝛto anp habitation, twherebp to remapne with bis friendes accopding to his 


Chas bauing dale along the can two deen, we departed the ſtuench of Ane, betne Abe Jun. 


tebeleeut by che Sopanpard, chat it was not lamaica, but rather Hifpaniola, of which opinion the 

captaine allo was, becauſt chat twitch be made Iamaica ſtemed to be but a piece of the land, and 

1 aniola, bpebe lying of the coatt, and allo fon that being ignopant 
late of the curranc,be not beleeue he 


thet the Alland which he was at befche, was lamaica, ad that the clouds did deretue him, wherof 
be mmuelled not a little: and this miſtaking of the place came to as ill a paſſe as the ouerſhooting 
of lachaica: foꝭ by this did he alfo ouerpaſſe a place in Cuba, called Santa Cruz, where, as het 
tues infonmed, was great More of hides to be had: and thus being diſappointed of two of his ports, 
wett he thought to haue raifed great profit by his traffike, and allo to haue found great refreſh 
ing of victualles and water for his men, was now difappointed greatly, and ſuch want he had of 
rel water, that he was fonte to feeke the (hoare to obtaine the fame, which he had tebe of after 
terteine dayes outrpaſſed with Popes vnd contrary windes, but pet not of the maine of Cuba, but 
— —— — the moſt part was defolace of inhabitants: by 

e 


Grreenchof June, and found water, which alt hough it were neither fo tuochſome as wa 
ler by the meanes it is ſtanding, aud but the water of raine and alſo being neere the fea twas bpace 
hith, yet did we not refuſe it, but were more glad therof, as the time then required, then we ſhould 
bann beene another tinte with fine conduct unter. Thus being reafonably watred we were de. 
was not very conuenient lo ſach ſhippes olcharge as they were, 
les leeward, and alfo lay open to the fea for any winde that ſtwuld 
i halle was fon lierle 


not 
fomer wert theve ankers weyed, add forefaple fet, butthere atoſe ſuch a ume, that they had not 
Fee 
8 


was fo karre dpit: en to ler ward, and cherefope fet> Cho bereit 
ting bis courſe to lama: ra, and after certaine hayes, not finding thy: fame, pete iuen then certainly tne L 


| peal het ad ay could finde no reh water bmeill he came to Senta tov 
m Bland bigger chen all the re, called the Fle of Pinas, where we ankered with our (hippes the tbe wa par 


Torito 


was not a Wietle foprp, both becauſe be did confiver what time he Hhould 


1 the cable in the hawſt, and looie both anker and cable to Laue het 


bus che ſeuenternth of June we departed and the tweutith le ll with ebe Cert ed of Cubs, 
called Cape S. Authony, where fopthe (pace of there bapes, we doubled along till we tame beynd 
the ſboalca, which are 20 bepend S. Anchony. Andtbe opdinary briſe taking vs, wohichig 
the Fopeheal winde, put vs che 24 from che ſboare, and therfore we went to the J2optytwelt to ftir 
winde, and alfo co the coat of Florida to haue the helpe ofthe currant, which wasiudgrd to hau (ee 
tothe Gatward : foche 29 wee ſound our lelues in 27 degrees, and in the ſaumdings of Elori 
where we kept our ſe luts the (pace of foure Dapes, (ailing along the coatt as neere as we 
tenne oꝛtwelue fathome water, bauing all the while no light ol lan. 

Che lift of July we had ſight of certaine I ſlandes of fand, called the Tortugas (whichis lowe 
Land) where the caytatne went in with his pin nelle, and found flac number of hires, that in halle 


Stearns in oure be lübe er titbehemn, endif yep bad beene teune boats mae, they mighe bane done re 


like. hele Flanves beare the name of Torcels betauſe of the number ol them, whichthert doe 
herd, whole nature is to live both iu the water and vpon land alfo tne byeed onelyvpon the lone, 
in making a great pit wherein they lap egges to the number of ther 0 foure hundyed, and cure · 
ting N fend, att batched bp the heat of the ſunne, and by this meanes commeth the great 
increale . Of theſe we tooke very great ones, which haue both backe and belly all of bone of 
the thickenelle of an inch, the fith whereof we prooucd, eating much like veale, and finding a num 
ber of egges in them, taſted allo of them, but they did cate very ſwelly. Heere we ankettd fire 
houres, andthen Gninging a faynt gale of winde, we weyed anker, and made ſaile to ward Cubs, 
whither we came the fire day, and weathered as larre an the Table, being a hill ſo called, betaule of 
the loyme thereof: heere we lay offand on all night, to heepe that wer bad gytten to winde wirt, 
intending to haue watered in the mopning, if we could haue done it, 09 ets if the winde had come 
larger, to haue plped to winde wardto the Hauana, which is a harbopoty iwhereunto all the fleet of 
the come and doe there tarty to haue one the tompany el another. Chis hill we chine 
king to haue bene ce Table, mabe orverac (aa ——— 


to winde ward, but by che perſuaſion ola French man, who made the captaine beletue bre knew 
the Table verp well, aud had beene ar the Hauana, ſuid that it twas not the Table, and that the Ta- 
ble wag much higher, and neertr to the len Moe, and that there tons no plaine ground tothe Cath 


ward, uc; billes to the Meſtward, but all was contrarp, and that behinde the billes te the Uh 
ward was the Hauana: to tohich perſuaſion credit being giuen by Come, and they not of the wort, 
the captaine was perſuadedto goto ler ward, and ſo faticd along the ſruenth and eigtt dapes, fins 
ding no habit ation, no} no other Table, and then pert etuing bis follp to —.— — 
dere git 
farre to winde ward againe, which would haue bene with che weathering which we had 10 ch 12 
dayes wopke, and what it would haue bee ne longer be knew not, ud that ( which was wt) he 
had not aboue a dayes water, and cherefope knew not what ſhiſt to make : but in fine , becanfe the 
want was ſuch. that bis men could not live with it, be determined to lerke water, and ta go further 
to let ward, to a place (as it is fet in the card) talled Rio de los pot cos, which he was in toubtof 
44 wert inhabited, and whether there were water oz not, and dohether ſoz the fhoales 
might haue ſuch acteſle with bis ſbipxes that he might conueniently take in the Came : and while 
we were in theſe troubles, and kept our wap to the place afopefatd, almighty God out guide (whe 
would not ſulſer vs to runne into any further banger, which we bad bene like to haue incurres, if 
. (bp reponts) that 
no ſluppe b whichcommeth thitber. as the Span pards haut very well yooucd the fame) 
fent us the eigbe day at nigbt a fayze Meſterly winde, whereupon the captaine and company cote 
lulted, determining not to refufe Gods gift, but euery man was contentedto pinch bis owne bel 
2 coke appened, and taking the ſayd winde, che niuth day of Tul p gut tu the Table, 
and the fame night, vnawares onertbot the Hauana, at the which place we thougbt tu bene 
water ed but che next day, not knowing that we had cuerthot the ſame. ſailed along the eval, fering 
it, and the eleuenth day in the moming, by certaine knowen marken, we underſtoon that dur han 
ourrſhotte ie twentie leagues : in which coat ranging, we found no conutnient wate ring place, 
pay sn dae was no temedy but to diſſemble, and co water vpon the coattof Florida : for, to 
890 to the Calttward, we could uat for the hoal<s, which are very uangerous. and betauſe ite 
curemt ſdooteth to the Nentheall, we doubtrd by the fonte cherof to be fet wpon them, and cherefore 
durli not approch them iſo making but reafonable wart ze day aſdheſaid, x all nigterbe 1 2 Daven: 
che monung, we fell with the Aſlands pon the cape of Florida, which we could cant double by the 


und in Florida at t 
amd e interta 


fopehem. 
to‘udge, ſeeiug th 
daliant then any ¢ 
ibo intended coer 


atexanering all el 
ouerfnote no pla 
ung che (hoare, u 
werſtand tuber 


— ) 


whins.2, N M. lobn Hawkins.2. ot the Engliſh nation. 538 


— — —— — — 
ble to Lane bey geanes chat ie ating che (rsles to che E atv ms, and doubting the currant conunmg out ot che 
Zieh, which wore not olthat force tor made account of, fop me fit Lette q; none till we tell wich Meter 
dend of Cubs, chene, and chen fete fucy a cursane, that bearing all Culcs agatu® che fame, vet were duuen Fortra. 
tame bepany ache againe a great pace: che experience witreot me had by the Jeſus pinnellt, and tht Ballo 
g us. tobich ig mons boate, which torre ſent the fame Dap in the afterncone, wisletde Axppes were t zcatmed, to 
thweñ to ier they could inde auy w rer vpon the Aſlands aloheſapn, who {penta great part of the day in 
nung chicher, being further off then they deemed it to be, and in che meanc tune a lapꝛe gale of 
unde {pring ing at (ea, the oppes departen, making a ligne to them to come away, who althougb 
dep law chem depart , becaufe they werte fo neere che fhoare would nog iooſe all the labout they 
auen, but Determined co kerye them wap, andſee if thete were anp water to be bad, making 
wamunt but to linde the ſbipyes well enough: but they ſpent fo much tune in filling the watt r 
which they bad founde, that the night was come beloye they coulde make an end, and bauing lof 
the ight of the ſliyyes, rowed what they could, but were wholly ignozant which way they ould 
(eckethem againe, as in becde there was amore doubt then they knewof, For when they depar · 
tas the Chippes were in uo currant, and layling but a mile further, ſounde one lo ſtrong, that bea · 
ting all ſales, it coulde not ppeuaile . the fame, but we re dziuen backe: whereupon the cape 
tun ſene the Wallomon, with the two barkes, to beare neere the ſhoare all night. betauſe 
the currant was leſſe there a great deale, and to beare light with ſhooting off a piece now and then, 
noche intent the boates might better kuowe how to come to them. 

Che Jeſus allo bare a light in her toppe gallant, and thot off a picce alſo now and then. but the 
night palſed and the morning was come, being che chirteenth dap, and no newes could be heard of 
tem, but the ſbippes and barkes loꝛſooke not, but to looke Mill for them, pet they thought it was 
il in taine, bpche meane s they heard not of them all the night paſt, and cherefope deternuned to 
tum us longer, ſecking foꝛ them till noone, and i they heard no newes, then they would depart to 
the Jeſus, who perforce (by che vehemeney of che currant) was carrped al mod out of ſight, but 
% would haue it, now time being come, and they hauing tacked about in the pin nelles cop, 
be light of them, and tooke them vy: they in the boates, being te the number of one and twentie, 
dung figtx of the hippe s, and fering them tacking about, whereas befope at the fir fac of them 
wo greatly veiopce, wete nom in a greater perplexttie then i ier they were: {op by this they thought 
theme lues veterly fanfaken, whereas befope they were in ome hope to haue ſound them. Crure 
Ip Con maruellouſly ſopthey tbemſeiues hauing no victualles but water, and 
being foe opppefted with hunger, wert not of opinton to beowe any further time in ſee king the 
luppes chen chat pꝛeſent none time : fo that if they had not at that infant eſpyed chem, they had 
gene to the (hoare to haue made pꝛouiſion for victualles, and with luchthinges aa they could haue 
—— haue gone fo that part of Florida, where che French men are (which would haue 

very hard fop them to haue done, betauſe they wanted victualles to bung them thither, bes 

one hundzed and twentie leagues olf) 03 els to haue remapned amongetf the Floridians, at 

bandes they were put in comfort by a French man, who was with them, that had remape 

u in Florida at the firſt finding thereof, a whole peere together, to reteiue victualles ſufficient, 

end gentle intertainement, ifneede were, fo, a yeere op two, vntill which time God might haue 

fopthem. But how contrarythis would haur lallen out to the yʒ expectations, it is hard 

unge, ſeeing thoſe people ol the cape of Florida, are of mune ſauage and ſierte nature, and more 

batiant then any of the reſt, which che Bpanyardes well prooutd , who being lu hundꝛed men, 

ubs intended there to land, returned few oz none of them, but were inforced to fonlake the fame, 

and of ther truelty mention is made in the booke of the Decades, of a fryer, who taking vpon him 

to perſu de the people to ſubiection, was by them taken with his (hiune cruelly pulled ouer his 
tnt. and his fleſh eaten. 

In theſe Faves they being a thoare, founde a dead man died in a maner whole, with other 
heats and hadye s of men, fo that thoſe foxes of men are eaters of the lieh of men, as well as the Ca. 
wibals, But to returne to our purpofe, 

The fouretceneh day the hhippe and barks came to the Jeſus, bringing them newes of the reco, 
nu iht men. which was not a little to the reioycing of the captaine, and the whole tompany: 
un ia chen altogether they kept on they: way along the toaſt of Florida, and the fifteenth day came 
um anker, and ſo from fig: and twenty degrees to thirtie degrees n halfe, where the French men 
atexanging all the cont along, ſerkung fopfreth water, aukering euer y night, becaufe we woulde 
auerfinote no place of freth water, and in the day time the captaine in the ſlippes pinneſſe ſayled a· . 
laure (hoare, went intu cuerp crecke, (peaking with diners of the Floridians, becaufe he would g an 
baberitand tubere the French men inhabited, and not finding chem in eighe and ewencic degrees “oat . 

as 


— — ̃ — —§¾ͥ-—R— , ‚— nae 
339 The voyages and diſcoueries M. lohn Hawkins, 


as u was Declared vnto hun, matuciied thete at, and neuer let Catling along the coat nil he founy 
mere them. who uihabited in a tiuer, by them called the tiuer ol May, and ſt indeth in thirtie 

Say. and better. In ranging this coaſt along. the captainc found itto be all an Bllavd and b 
founs is all lowe land, and very ſcant a ict th mater, but the countrep was masuctloufly withboth 
dann muriſb and medom ground, and goodip woods among. There they found Moprell to growe ag a, 
bundanelp as graſſe, and where ther) houſes were, great ſime of mapis and mill, and grapes it 
<decounmes great bigneſſe, but of tale much like our Engliſh grapes. Alſo Detre great plenty, which came 
Tas vpon che lands beforechem, Chey? haules are ndt manp together, fp in one houſe a hunde 
them do lodge they being made much like a great barne, and in frength not inferior to ours, in 
fume t bath Manchions and rafters of whole trees, and couered with Palmito leaues, hauing no place 
piuiden, but one mall roome fo) their Ring and Queene . In the middeſt of this houte is a hearth 
where they make great fpers all night, and pon crttaine pieces of mood hewen m fop the botuing 
ol their backen, and another place made higb fo? they beads, they Ive vpon the fame, which cher 
put one by another all along the wallen on both ſides. In their houſes they remaine oneiy inthe 

nig bes, and in the day they defire the ſieldes, where they dytſſe their meat, and make pyouiſſon 
bictualles, which they pꝛoulde onely for a meale from hand to mouth. There is one thing to be 
matuelled at. fob the making of ther fire, and not nel» they but allo the Negroes doe the fame, 
Sdemaner of which is made oncly bptwo ftiches, rubbing chem one againſt another: and this they may dein 
in Ns. anp place they come, where they finde Ricks ſufficient fo the purpole. Intheyn apparell the men 
onelp vſe verre ſkinnes, where with ſome only touer their puuy members other ſome vſe the fare 
as garmentsto coucr them beloꝛe and behinde, which frinnes are painted. ſome vellow rd ſome 
blacke and ruſſet, and cuerp man according to his owne fancy. They do not omic to paint their bor 
dies alſo with curious knots, op antike woꝛke, as euery man in his owne fancy denileth, which 
p unting. to haue it to continue the better they fe with a thoꝛne to pꝛicke their ſieſh. and dent in the 
fame, whereby the painting map haue better holde. In their warres they vſe a {lighter outer of 
painting their lares, herby to make chemfelues thet the moze ficrce : which after their warres en: 
ded they wath away againe. In their warres theyvſe bowes and arrowes, wheroftheir bowes ar 
made of a kinde ol He, but blacker then ours, but maup palling the ſtrength of the Negroes q 
Indians, fon it is not greatly interio to ours, cheir arrowes alſo of a great length, but yet ofrtedt 
like other Indians, but var ping in two points both fozlength, and alfo for nocks aud fethers, which 
the other lacke, whereby they ſboot very ſteddy: the heads of the fame are vipers teeth, bonesof a 
ſbes flint tones, piked points ol kniues, which ＋ gotten of the French men, doke the fame, 
and put the points ol them in their arrowes heads: ſome ol them haue their heads ol filucr, other 
fome that haue want ol theſe, put in a kmbe of hard wood notched, which perteth as farce a any of 
the reſt. In their fight, being in the woods, they vſe a marurllous pollicie for their owut ſaſegard, 
which is by tlaſping a tree in their armes, and pet {hooting notwithtanding: this pollity they olen 
twith che Frenchmen in their fice, wherby it appeareth that they are people of ſome policy sand 
although they are called by the Span pards Gente triſte that is to fay, Bad people. meaning there 
by, that they are not men of capacity: pet haue che Frenchmen ſound them fo witty in theit an 
ſwers, that bythe taptaines owne repont, a councellour with vs could not giue «nore profound 
She women alſo in their apparell vſe painted fines, but mo of them goumes of molle. 
fomewhat longer then our moſle, which they ſo we together artificiallp, e make the fame ſurpleſ⸗ 
wife, wearing their haire do une to they ſhoulderg like the Indians. In this riuce of May aſoeſaid, 
2 the captatne entring with bis pinneſſe, found a French ſhip ol fourefcope tunne, and tuo pinneſſes 
offifteene tunne a piece, by her, and (peaking with the keepers thertof, they tolde him ola font 
Mooficur two leagues vp, which they had built, in which ther captaine Mounſieur Laudonier was, with 
. certaine ſouldiers therin. To whon' our captane fending to vnderſtand of a watring place, where 
be migbt conttenienelp take it in, ant; to haue licence for the Came, he ttraighe becaute there was 
no conuenient place but bp the ritin ‘iueleagques, where the water was frefh, did fend him a pilot 
le the moze expedition thereof, to hung in one of his barkes, which gving in with other boats pro: 
ulded for the fame purpole, anker ed beforethe fore, into the which our capeaine went. where he was 
by the general, with other captanres and ſouldiers, ner y gent ly indertained, and declared vnto him 
Deine ol their being there, which was 14 months, with the extremity they were tri to fo want 
of victuals. hauing byought very little with chem, n which place they being 200 men at their firk 
conunuig, had in ſhazt (pace eaten al the mayis they could buy of the inhabitants about them ¢ ther 
foe were dꝛiuen certeine of thẽ to ſerue a king of the Floridians againſt other his enemits fo; mill, 
and other nictualles, which hauung gotten, coulde not ſerue them, being fo many fo long “= 


2 


8 


= 
— 


BRERBSLP RSet Sess SAS 


l. lohn Hawkins, 


— Seth. 
along the coaſt 

— ‘neha 

e all an Illauid and t 


masuctloufly ſweet, 

found Sorrell to resco 
— 

etre great plenty, 

, £03 in one houſe pl dene 
Meth not inferiour to ourg, 
lmito leaues, hauing no 


sot eer a 


d hewen in fop the bang 
ve vpon the fame, which they 
fes they remaine onely inthe 
meat. and make prouifion 
th. There is one thing robe 
fo the Negroes doe the fame, 
ber: and this they may doe in 
ſe. Intheyn apparell the men 
nbers other ſome vſe the fare 
ute d, ſome yellow y ed ſome 
y do not omit to paint their bos 
j ownie Fancy deniſeth, which 
icke their fieth, and dent in the 
es they vſe a {lighter couler of 
: which after their wartet en 
3 bowes are 
ſtrengih of the Negroes q 
great length, but yet ofreens 
o for nocks aud fethers, which 
ne art bipers teeth, bontsol ft 
French men, doke the fame, 
aue their heads ol filucr, other 
ich perteth as farre as any ol 
alicie fon their otwne ſaſegard, 
tanding: this pollicy they bed 
re people of ſome pollicy: and 
AP, Bad people meaning thers 
und them fo witty in eheirans 
uld not giue «nore profound 
a 


of of them gounes of tiie, 
ally, e make the fame ſurplel 
In chis riuer of May aloeſad, 
cope tunne, and tun pinneſſes 
hereof, they tolde him of a fon 
infieur Laudonier was, wich 
and of a watring place, where 
he ſtraight becaufe there was 
was freth, did ſend him a pilot 
going in with other boats yo · 
r captaine ment, where he was 
tained, and declared vnto him 
ty they were dur to for want 
y being 200 men at their irt 
nhabitants about them ¢ ther 
nf other his enemits fo; mill, 
being fo manp fo long a = 


M. lobn Hawkins.2. of the Englith nation. 


— — — HÜ——ĩ — v— 
but want came vpon them in ſuc h lot, that they were faine to gather acoyns, which being it mped 7 
fun, and oſten walbed to take away the bitterneſſe of chen, did vl the lame for bead, eating 
pithall ſundy times roten, whereof they found many good and whole ſome. and ſuch as {crue 
gather for meditines then for mcates alone. But this hardneſſe not contenting ſome of them. 
vie would not take the paynes lo much at to Ath in the riuer before they does, but would haut 
all chinges put in they mout hes, did rebell agaynſt the captaine, caking away firſt his armour, 
gatervard impꝛiſoning him : and fo to che number of fourefcore of them, depaited with a barke 
e pinneſſe, {popling they Moye of victuall, and taking away a great part cherof with them. and 
ſo ent to the Jllands of Hifpaniola ¢ lamaica a touing, where they ſpoiled. and pilledthe Spa: 
mirdes, and hauing taken t wo caruels laden with wine and Caſaua, which is a bꝛeade made of 
roots, and much other victualles and treaſure, had not the grace to depart there with, but wert of 
fuchhautie ſtomacks, that they thought their force to be fuchehat no man durſt meddle with them, 
old kept harboꝛough in Iamaica, going dayly a ſhoare at their pleaſure. Wut God which would 
not fatter ſuch euill doers vnpuniſhed, did indurate their hearts in ſuch fone, that they lingere d the 
tin ſo long, that afhippe and galeaſſe being made out of S. Domingoes, came thither into the 
garbonough, and cooke twentie of them, wherol the moſt part were hanged andthe reſt carried in · 
w pmne, and ſome (to the number of liue and twentie) elcaptd in the punneſſe, and tame to Flo- 
rida, where at their landing they were put in puſon, and incontinent foure of the chiefeſt being con: 
damned at the requeſt of the ſouldiours, did paſſe the harquebullers, and then were hanged vpon a 

This lacke of theeſcoꝛe men was a great diſc ourage x weakming to the reſt. foꝛthey were 
ofthe beſt ſouldioꝛs that they had: aud wheras they had now made the inhabitants weary ofthem © P 
bptheir dayly crauing of mapis hauing no warts left to content them withall.anb therefore infor be lag 
eedtorobbe them, and to take away their victuall perforce, was the occafion that the Floridians (not ont with the 
well contented there with) did take certaine of they company in the woods, and flew chem, wheres Polit. 
bpehere grew great warres bet wirt them and the French men, and therefore they being but a few 
{antiber durſt not venture abroad, but at ſuch time as they were inforced therunta foꝛ want of food 
w do che ſame : and going twentie harquebtflers in a company, were (ee upon by eightent kings, 
hung leuen oz eight hun dꝛed men, which with one ol they bowes ſle wone of their men. and hurt 
dozen, and Drove them all downe to they boats, whole policy in fight was to be maruelled at: lo 
hauing thot at diuers ol their bodies which were armed and perceiuing that their arrowes did not 
prewaile againſt the fame,they thot at their faces ¢ legs, which were the places that the French men 
bete hurt in. Thus the Frenchmen returned, being in ill cafe bythe hurt of their men, hauing not 
aboue font y ſouldioꝛs left vnhurt, whereby they might ill make any more muafions vpon the Flori- 
dians, and keepe their fort withall: which they muſt haue beene duuen vnto, had not God ſentvs 
thither for their ſuccour, for they had not aboue ten dayes victuall left before we came. In which 
perplerity our captaine ſeeingthem, ſpared them out of his ftp twenty barrels of meale. and foure 
pipes ol bean es, with diuers other victuals and neceflaries which he might tonueniently ſpare: ehe grenep 
andto helpe them che better home wards whither they were bound before our connning, at their re. Jh . 
quet we ſpꝛred chem one of our barks of fifepcunnes. Motwithſtant ing the great want that the yal ns, 
French men had, the graund doth peeld victuals ſufficient, if they would haue taken paints to get 
thefame, but they being ſoul dioꝛs. deſiredto line by the ſweat of other mens bꝛowesꝛloz while ebep 
had peace with p Floridians, the y had ſiſh ſufficient by weares which they made to catch the ſame: 
but when they g re w to warres, the Floridians tooke away the fame againe, and then would not 
the French men cake the paines to male any more. The ground peldeth naturally grapes in grrat ewencie bog 
ige fo in the time that the French men were there they made twenty hogſheads of wine. Alſo it beads of wine 
peeloetl roots palling gond, deere maruellous liche, with diners other beatts, and fowie, feruiceas rise l 0 che 
able tothe vſe orman. Theſe be things where with a man might line, hauing come oz mayis wher: wine of Gye 
with to make bꝛead: lo mayis maketh good fauoyy bead, and cakes as line as flower, Alſo it ma, 4. 
heth good meale beaten and ſodden with water and eatethlike pappe wher with we feed childzen. 
Amen alſo good beuerage ſodden in water, and nouriſhable: which che French men did vſe 
tu nine of in the moming and it alluaged their thirſt, ſo that they had no need to drinke all the day 
after. And this mayis was the greatelt lacke they had, betauſe they had no laboyers to ſo we the 3 
fre, and chevefope to them that ſhould inhabit the land it were reuuiſit to haut laborersto till and tees ne 
fowe the ground. Fez they hauing victuals of them owne, whereby they neither rob op ſpoile the babi new 
inhabitants, may liue not one ly quietly withthem, who naturally are more deſrous of peace then tte. 
of warres, but allo all haue abundance of victuals pꝛofered them for nothing: ſoꝛ it is with them 
is it is with one ol vs, when we fee another man euer taking awayfrom vs, although we haue e⸗ 
nough befives, pet then we thinke all to little for our ſelteg: fo ſurtly we haue heard the French 
nen 


$41 The voyages and diſcoueries A4./obn Hawkins, 


men repon, aud A know it bp che Indians chaga verp little concencetd them: fop the Indians with 
the head of mais roattch, will trauel a whole day. and toben chep are at the Span pards firing, 
they gine them notling but ſodden herbe and mays, ¢ in clus oer I ſam thheeſcche of feeb, 
who were laden with maren and came fiftic leagues off, Che Floridians when they traueil aua 
hinve of herbe Dyped, which with a cane. and an cartben cup in the end, with fire,and the dard berg 
Saen hut cogecher, do ſuche thepomthe cane the imoke thereof, which ſmoke Catifficty the ir hungre, and 
Fr dere mich cher live foure op due Dapes hitheue ment e) nur, and tdi all che Frenchmen vie 
lem this purpoſe : pet do they holde opinion mithall, that it cauferh water and ſieame to bod from 
their uo machs. The commodities of this land are mat then are pet knowne to anyman iſq be 
fives the Land it felfe, whereof there in moze then any hung € tyittian is able to inhabtt, t Aontherh 
The of with medow, pallurt d, wich wood of Cedar and C ppres, and other (opts, as betttt can int 
ps be in the woꝛld i chey haue fo} derben tree voti and gumme great doe, n Storax l. 
quida, Turpintine, Gumme, Myrre and eich many others hero A kuow noe the 
names. both red, blacke, pelo, and ru ict. very perfect, wherewith they paint thetrbo⸗ 
dies and deere fhinnes which they weare about them that with water it neither fadtth awax vy ab 
tereth touler. Golde and lluer they want nots for at che French mens Ark comming thuber, 


cee 


the 
mp, asthe Cunnp che Polcat.a Sherpe the Tolle. the Cephanc the Rinoceros, and fo cf other 
bealis the like: inſomuch chat wheras the one is the other ca: not be milling. And ſering yo 


I. labn Hawkins, 


th chem : fo tbe Indian; ti 
ave at the Spanpards fnving, 
rep, 


ake Caiffict 
this all che p selon 
— 
4 toa 

nis blem baba ud, 


ed lob a hatchet two 
man ene 
beber 


t about their necks, other ſumt 
p chrirbyeftes withall, beraule 
t of golde oz filuer,the French 
ereof as yet alſo they haueme 
e, but t hat in the maine where 
aufe it is all one maine, Che 
1 
0} their meat: 
lians, fome of chem bac beot 
c great pinneſſes, with thetic 
reſt doe open the fame forthe 
A fe 
malleſt font ne 
welue fathom. 
ere about their necks, whertol 
y baue manp, ſoꝛ that they dot 
s dyinke, putteth the lame into 
tompanp, that bauing gotten 
is cherefope to be pꝛeſuppoſed 
time, and people ſuffitient to 
eale the fame before it be long, 
this countre y befives Deere, 
ble certainelyto ſay: but it is 
ions efpecially, ik it bee true 
e is no beaſt but hath his ents 
he Ninoceros, and fo of otter 
e miſling. And ſeeing 1 


- 


gure mention of che be aſtes of this Countrep,te (hal not be from my purpole to ſpeake alfo of che 
s beaſles, as Crocodile s, whereof there is great abundance, Advers of great bignefle, 
our men killed fome of a pard and a halſe long. Alſo I heard a nurat le of one of theſt ad · 


a 
M.lobn Ham unt. 2. of the Engliſn nation. $42 


Faulcons in 


the which a Faulcon ſraping, the aide adder did claſpe her taile about ber, which the 1 ona. 


furl cem feeing, came to the refcue ofthe fautcon, and tooke ber ſlaping the adder, aud 
cis faulcon being wilde her did reclaime her, and kept her fog the ſyate of 2. moneths, at which 
tine fop very want of meat he was faine to caſt her off: On the ſe adders the Frenchmen did feede 
tone litle admiration of vs, and affirmed the fame to be a delicate meate. And the Captaine of the 


ftenchmen ſa we alſo a t with 3. heads and 4, fete, of the bigneſſe of a great Spaniel! Serpents. 


wich fop want of a harq he durſt not attempt to ſlay. Df fithe allo they haue in the riuer, 
pat. toche, ſalmon, troute, and diuers other ſmall fithes, and of great filh, ſome of the length of a 
un md longer, being of bigneſſe accopdingly, bauing a ſnoute much like a ſwonde ol a parde 

, Chere be allo of fea ſiſhes which wee ſawe comming along the coaſt flying, which are of 
tebignefle ol a ſmelt, the biggel fore whereof haue foure winges, but the other haue but two: 
Ofehele we (awe comming out of Guinea, a hundzeth in a companie. which being chaled by the 
Gils heads, otherwiſe called the Bonitoes, doe to àuopde them the better take their flight out of 
the water, but pet are they not able to ſlie farre, becaule of the Dpping of their winges, which ſrtue 
them not to fipe but when they are moyſte, and therefoze when they can Alpe no further, fall into 
the water, and hauing wette their wings take a newe flight againe, Theſe Bonitocs be ol bigs 
eit like a carpe, aud in colour like a makare ll. but it is the ſwifteſt liſh in lwimming that is. and 
follower) her pꝛape ver p ſiercely, not onely in the water, but alſo out ol the water: fon as the flying 
iihtaketh her fig bt, fo doeth this Bonito leape after them, and taleth chem ſometimes abaue the 
vater. They were ſome of thoſe Bonitoes, which being galled by a ſuſgig did follow our ſhip coms 
ming out of Guinea q oo. leagues. There is a fea foule alfo that chaſeth this flying ſiſh as wel as 
the Bonito; lo; as the flving ſiſh taketh her flight. ſo doch this foule purſue to take her, which to be · 
polve is a gres··nleaſure then hauking, foz both the flights are as pleaſant, and alſo moge often 
then ioo. times: ien the foule can flie no way but one oʒ other lig hteth in ber pawes the nomber of 
tem art ſo abundant. There is an innumerable pong frie of theſe flying liſbes, which commonly 
heepe about the ſhippe, and are not fo bigge as butterflies, and pet by flying doe auoyde the vnſa · 
tiableneffe ol the Bonito. Ok the bigger lope of cheſe fithes we tooke manp, which both night and 
bap flew into the lailes of our ſhippe, and there was not one of them which was not worth a Boni- 
tos fo being put vpon a hooke dꝛabling in the water, the Bonito would leape thereat, and fo was 
taken, Alſo, we tooke many with a white cloche made falt to a hooke, which being tied fo Moye in 
the water, that it might leape out, and in, the greedie Bonito thinking it to be a flying ſiſh leapeth 


thereat, and {0 is deceiued : Cee tooke alſo Dolphins tobich are of very goodly colour and po: h 


portion to beholde, and no leſſe delicate in taſte. Foules alſo there be many, both vpon lande ani 
dponfea : But concerning them on the lande J am not able to name chem, becaufe mp aboot 
was chere fo ſhoꝛt. But for the foule of the freth riuers, theſe two I noted to bee the chiefe, where: 


Othe Flemengo is one, having all revde fethers, and long rede legges like a Herne, a necke acs Fung. 


ending co the bill redde, whereof the vpper nebbe hangeth an inche over the nether; And an E- 


gripte which is all white as the wanne, with legges like to an hearneſhe we. and of bigneſſe acs The Carve. 


codingly, but it hath in her taile feathers of fo fine a plume, that it paſſeth the Eſtridge bis fea. 
ther, Of {ea faule about all other not tommon in Englaude, J noted the Pellica ch is 
fuged ta be the louingeſt birde that is: which rather then her pong choulde want, will {pare her 
Wart bloud out of her bellie, but for all this louingne ſle (hee is very deformed to beholde, for fhee 
iSof colour ruflet, notwithſtanding in Guinea J haue ſeene of them as white as a ſwanne, ba» 
ung legges like the fame, and a body like a Verne, with a long necke, and a thicke long beake, 
from the nether iawe whereol downe to the bneaſt paſleth a ſuinne of ſuch a bignelle, as is able to 
oo hag bigge as ones thigh, and this her bigge thpoate and long bill, doeth make her 
ougly. 

Here J haue declared the eftate of Florida, and the cummoditiea therein to this day knowen, 
Which although it may feeme vnto fome, by the meaues that the plentie of Golde and Oiluer is 
mut ſo abundant, as in other places, chat the cot beſtowed vpon the fame, will not bee able to 
quite the charges: Pet am Jol the opinion, that by that which J haue ſerne in other Blanves of 
the Indians, where ſuch increaſe of cattell hath bene chat ol twelue hend of beaſte in 25,peeres, 
bid in the hives of them raiſe ooo. pound profice peerely, that the ine rraſe of tattell one ly would 
taife profite ſufſitient forthe ſame: Foz wee may tonſider, it ſo fmall a poption did ratte fo much 
guts in luch (hort time, UAhat would a „ 

dd 


And 


The Pellic ane 


Meanes to 


rrape a fuffis 
ctent profite in 


Fiona and 
Wirginia, 


— . (ROE A) yA RT , OE WT ees 
$43 The voyages and diſcoueries M. lohn Hawkins, 2, 
Aud lurely J map this affirme, chat the ground of the Indians fop the breeve of tattell. is nin 


“ int to be compared to this of Florida, which all the long is fo greene, as an gnche meane wi 
with bez tbich faretp isnot co be maruereo at, feing —— ecenbing the ret 
fo wari achim: Sener aap tacbous ttle ler bear afbotaye elaine Mich g e who bows be me | 
the Countre y it felfe, which is dpie,and moze feruent hot chen earn wech make all ngen fox r. 
nb therein : and betauſe there is not the thing wet all (eke im, being rather de irous of Malk of M, Io 
— eee fora minct, who oa — —— 
able to goe thoyow with the ume rather then for any ſubiett. 5 
From thence we departed the 28. of July, vpon — voyage bome mards bauing there al things mc of wbente, u 
as might de mol conuenient ſoj our purpofe: and tone leaue of the Frenchmen that chere tit —— 
remained, who with diligence determined to make great ſpeede after, as they toulde. 4— f 
meanes of windes oftentimes, we prolonged our voyage in fuch manner chat hecame chicher m 
{canted with vs, fo that wre eres (ae emt pe) ep . 
rr for va, chen our deſe rung. amber ae = to enter (nto 
great miferie, we were mouoked to call teeth tne which moourd hum apparctted,) 
vs, fo that wer bad a profperous winde. bio li va foarre forte as to be vpon the = u. On my part. 
Newfound land, ou S.Bartlemewes tue, ¢ founded thereupon finding ground, ac 1 . — be killed, which vi 
being tbat ap — nce — 
cry glad t e next day Departing, by lingring litt le gales rel 
dur b. ei: lo mucke woe ate a couple of French tip and e ast — 
pe lentifully fo P both golde ano 0 e nail 
— iuũ value therrol, unto the chiefe owners of che {aide ſhippe s, which they not locking bas — 
toy any thing at all, were giad in themitlurs to — r . — hing 
they hab at our handes. ‘After wbich departure from them, with a good large — — —— 
Chet art @ we came to Padſtow in Corne wall God be thanked, in fafetie, with the lolle of 10, — 
im Paro in ons in all the voyage, and profitable tothe venturers of the ſaide vopage,as alli co the whole — — 
— wy — babs home both golve, filuer, pearles and other ir wels great dt. Vis um —— oe 
156$, therefore be ppaifen fo) cuermoze, Amen. — tb 
The names of certaine Gentlemen that were in this voyage. 8 
(Iohn Hawkins, ee 
M. lohn Cheſter, J fir William Cheſters ſonnt. befope, twas not f 
M. Anthony Parkhurft, Che bnute and m 
M. Fitz william. tips, he toldcertai 
M, Thomas Wootley. with him, he dec la 
M. Edward Lacie, j with diuers othert. = = 
The Regifter and true accompts of all herein expreffed, hath bene in men in his (hry 
Fee by mee lohn Sparke the yonger, who went vpon the were no ſooner vor 
fame voyage, and wrote the fame, — — 
alent 


The arriuall and courteſie of M. Havvkins to the diſtreſſed 


Frenchmen in Florida, is elfewbere alfo recorded, bol h in French, 
and Englith, in the hiſtorie of Laudonier,w N by himfelfe, 
and printed in Paris, Anno 1 
And tranflated into Enelith by me Richard — 1587. 
and publifhed as followeth. 


d eche of l vs were much toꝛmented in minde with diuers cogitations che 

0 . — 
whereof I was ercecding J ſent 

0 e ol the ton thertof, twbich were 


— 
awKins, 2. 
——̃— 
tattell, is unn 


M.lobn Hawkins. 2. of the Englith nation. 344 


figuifping tber 
ſome. he brought onto me from the General 2. lagous of wine, c bead 
me of wheate, greatly refrethed mee, fegaſmuth as fo 7. moneths (pace, I neuer tated a 
nap of wine: was U 


it 
Actinas had guided p Engliſhmnen to our coa®, her with 


company home: whereunto notwithſtanding J would 1 


: wherefore 
which ſaid that J to deſttoy them al, Ind that the Bprigandine whereof J 
belohe. wan not (ufficient to tranſpoꝛt them, confivering the feafon of the perre, wherein wer wert. 


madoube be in great teopardie: il I were fo cbtented, he would tranſpont part of 

momen in his ſhips, and that he would leaue me a (mall ſhip tu tranſpot the teſt. The ſouldiers 

vert no ſooner rome home, but they ſignilird the offer vnto their companions, incontinents 

Wpconfented together, that tu caſe J would not accept the (ame, chep would imbarke themſeluen 

with hum, and forfake me, lo that he would reretue chem attending to bis promife. They cherefore 

embed themſe lues together. ann came to ſethe me in my chamber, aud figqnifien vnto me their 

ion, TAlhereunto J pomiſed co anſwere them in one houre after, In which meane {pace 4 
puntipall members ot my companie, which, after that J had byoken the 

anſweren mee all wirh one voyce, that J eugbt not to refule his offer. no con: 

nue the octaſion which meſente d it ſelfe. And that they coulde not thinke euill of it in France. 

E being forfaken as we were. wee ayden our ſelues with ſuch meanes, as God hath ſent to vs. 

Kerr funnpie bebamugs of this mactet. in conclufion I gaue my aduiſe that wee oughe to deli 

rum the price of the thippe wubich hee was to leaue vs. and that for my part I was content to 

ur lum the beſt of my ſtulft. and the ſiluer which J had gathered in the Countrep. 

Abereupon notwithtauving it was determined, that I Chould keepe the ſiluer, fop feare leaſt Smut in 

the Queene of Eng lane fering the fame, thoulve the rather bet iutouraged to let fooring there, onde 

Sbefore the had veliren : Chat it was farce better to carrp it iute Fraunte, to giue incourage. 

ent to our Princes not to leaue off ſuch an enterpꝛiſe of ſo great impoꝛtaute fa; our Common 

wealth, And that lering wer were reſolued to Depart, it was farre better to giue him our Artil · 

late mhich otherwile wee ſlould be conſtrainen to leaue bebinde vs, 07 co bide in the ground. hy 

Walon of the weahenelſe of dur men, being not able tu imbarke the fame, Chis point being 

thes conclupen, and refoluedon, A went (m. 8 ) mo the Engtith nnn 

3 


545 The voyages and difcoueries Henry Hawkes, 


with mp liewerenanc, and Captaine Vaſleur, Capeame Verdier, and Trenchant the 

Saen ference in a aie ong cil te pa, 
cll, whom me dytw to {uch tea, 
vo efteemed it to bee noh 


* 


A relation of the commodities of Noua Hifpania, and the 
maners of the inhabitants, written by Henn Fawkes mare 
chant,which liued 3. yeeres in the faid Countrey,and dre we 
she fame at the requeft of M. Richard Hakluyt Efquire 
of Euon in the Countie of Hereford,1 572, 


Aint lohn de Vilua, ig an Iſland not high aboue the water, whereas nowe iht 
A Spaniards ,bpon M. John Hawkins being there, are in making a ſtrong fort, In 
this place all che Gippes that come out of Spaine with goods fo theft partste 
walade, Cd they haue none other port fo good as this is. The comming into 
this place bath z. chane ls. and the beſt of ali is the Noꝛthermoſt, which goeth by 

— the maine land: and on euery five of the chanel there are many (mall rockeses 
bigge as a (mall barrell: they will make men Mand in doubt of them but there is no feare of them, 

is another Illand thereby called che Alland of (acrifices, whereas the Spaniards wivin 
times paſt unlade their goods. Aud fo) that they (ap there are vyon it ſpirits on deuils, it is not 
frequented as it bath bene. In theſe places the winde bath fo great vominion, that often 
times it deſtroyeth manp fhippes aud harten. This place is giuen to great ſickneſſe. Chel 
Alands Rand in 18. degrees and a balſe, and aboutthe ſame is great plentie ol filh, 

Fiut league from S. Iohn de Vilua is a faire tiuer: it liech Nothwell from the porte, and 
goeth to a little towne of the Spaniards called Vera Cruz, and with ſmall veſſels 0; barkes, 
whicbebep tall Fragates, they carp all their marthandiſe which commerh out of Spaine, tothe 
ſatd tount: and in like manet ding all the golve, filuer, Cochonelio, hives and all other chings 
that the ſhipyes ee And the goods being in Vera Crux, they carrpit 
to Mexico, andto Pueblo del los Angelos, Sac ate cas, and Saint Martin, and divers other places 
ſo fare within the Countrep that fome of them are 700. miles off, and ſome moje and ſome Ie, 
all vpon hoꝛſes. mules, and in mavnes mae with oxen, and in tattes waune with mules, 
Ju this towne of Vera Cruz within theſe 20. yerts, when women were bꝛougbt to berde che chi 


ficuated vpon che tiner afopefaive, and cumpaſſed with woodw of Diners maners 
fruics,as Dpanges and mee am burrs edbers, nh 


as nowe the 
A frong fort, Jn 
for theſe parte do 
he comming ine 
„ which gocth bp 
p (mall rockesas 
no feare of them, 
Spaniards did in 
Ideuils, it is nog 
inion, that oſten / 


ſb. 

im the porte, 
ets be 
of Spaine, tat 
all other chings 


@ Feſant. Chere are alſo many other hinde of berves of purple couller, and 
preper, 
Chis bette or 22 . Citie of Mexico : and the 


al. 


that Mexico muas wonne in ſo hope time, and with fo littie lolle of men. Tberefone 
rer — pap uo tribute to the king. In this towne is all che Cochonilio 


due q ſixe thouſande houſts ol Spaniards, all the other are the people of the Countrey which 
pader the Spaniards lame. There are in this Citie ſtately en maup Monaſte⸗ 
— nonnes tabich the Spaniards haue made. qup the building of be Indiansig 
fomnershet beautifull ourtunruly, and within full of ſmail chambers, wich verp ſmall inindoes, 
ich is not fo tome ly as the building ofthe Spaniards, bese ſtandeth in Ache — ofa 
lake and che water gaeth thyough all oy che molt part ol the Creetes,aud there come final 
e call Cancas, and in themttey hing all theng uereſſatp, as wood and coalea, 
en their bopfes,@enes and lime ts builde, and copne, 

Citic is fubsect to manp earthquakes, which oftentimes caſi downe houles,and kill At peo 

B See , Chis Cutie is very well pꝛouided of water co dpinke,and with al maner of victuala an fru 
and A, bpead, hennes and capons,Guinie cocks I and all other foult. Eben 
atin this Citie euerp werke three faires 0p marktes, which are fre te es with manp people 
laires op matketa all ma: 
att eee. etiall the Countrep, The ane ol 


ther places of , vet this is aboue al; chatall men nap appeate vate chis placc,anb nap 

—— — Speine befone the Ring : and it mut be fop a certaine 
ate me ed, then there is no appellation from them. Many rivers 
nn ſtandeth in but there was — —-—-— 


ponett of their bodies, moze then they are in other Cities op tower in this Coun 


them a monſtrous kinde of fithe which is marueilous rauening. and a great deuourer of men and 
tamell. he is wont to llerpe vpon the dye land many times: and il there come in the meane time 
sa et weet ae pe wei bee bn an her 
Srpent chat be doeth not fipe neither bath 


Hep haue netuly found, Chie pont is ther itoxe leagues from Mexico. 

Chere is another porte tone which is called Culluacan on the South Bea which lpeth 
Wet and by North out of Mexico, andis 10. a a aay Ano chere the Spaniards 
tive toa thipdta gde ſeeke che ftreighe o gulfe, which as they lap. is betweene the Newfounde ep, 
land and Groenland, and they call it the Engliſbmens Mraite, which as pet was neuer fully wen 
ees — 5 lieth not faree ſtom the maine laudof China. which the Spaniards 


ond icilous rich. 
Cetoatde the nip froin Mexico, chee are seat | Oe of Hat mynes. cee 


| Henrie Hawkes. of the Engliſh nation. 54.6 | 


——— —— — — ee 
S K great, and fome of chem as bigge as a tauen, and chew tales as Pepunayes. 


2 a temperate Commtey and full of tillage: but they water all 
tiuets wbich they turne in vyon it. Am waheace twil 
eee de grou beer aa thts oye ve ent, fe C pl nd ens 


wech burae al 
come to Mexico, there is a great totune called Tlaxcalla, which bath in it aboue 
Sa Aude mbabieauts thereof axe free bp the king's of Spaine : liitheſe were de cut. 


' Mcricois gttat Cities ée bath moye then ile benin: out: bolos, wobereof chert att not service. 


trey. 
Chere are neere about this Citie of Mexico maup rivers and ſtandiug waters, which haue in ¢-scopare. 


Chere is Meſtout n Puerto de Naui- 82828 
dad, whereas there are ſbippes twhich they baue opdinarily fop the Nauigation of China, which ; pout be Sante 


ab 


. 


ary 
ZW eg 4 Vig V 
M A a * < 
4 . 
4 * 
& 
< 
62 12 
<= 22442 115 
<5 a. @ iP 
3 442 285 
88 = Sl si aS 
— — 9 
A. 5 8 
2 15 
aero SY Op, 
> oe DN oO hs Ge ~ 
oN, . Se ot Wes 
D ys 4 . 


G 
— & 


54) The voyages and diſcoueries Henry Haiti. 


quantitie of filuerfounde in theſe mines towarve the Month, then there is in any other pawezz 
and as the molt men of experience lald alwayes, they Aude the richer mines the more Noz 
Thole mines are common y vpon great hilles and ſtonie ground maruailous hard ta be abend 
aud wought. 5555 enn SD ee eee aly 
Out ol ſome of the mines, the Indians finve a certaine kinde of earth of diuers coulers; where, 
arth with they paint chemfelues in times of their daunces / and other paſtimes which they vie 
Soide mes. Inthis Couutrep of Noua Hiſpamia; there are alſd mines of aly; alchough the golde be com, 
mon iy found in riuerg, oꝛ very nere vnto riuers, And nowe in theſe dapes there is unt fonme 
golde found as there hath bene heretofore, e. M ee gaa 
Chere are many great rivers aud great ope of fithe in them, not like vnto our kindes of fi, 
Aud there are maruetlous great woods, and as faire trees as may bee ſeene of diuers fortes, an 
efpectatlp frre trees that may mate any ſhippe chat goech vpon the fea, okes and pinraples 
another tree which they call a Miskkito:it beareth a fruite like vntoa peafecod marueilous (wen, 
which the wilde people tracher and keepe it all the ytere, ann eate it in ſterve ol bꝛend. 
The Spaniards haut notite of ſeuen Cities which olde men of the Indians ſhe we them fhouly 
lie towards the Moychweſt from Mexico, They haut vled and vle vaylp much diligence in the 
2. Citea by letking them, but they cannot linde any one of them. They lay that the witcheralt of the 
9 wate ts {uch,chat when they conte by thefe to wnes they cat a miſte vpon them ſa that they can 
feckers, not ſee them. ee ee Nabe HB 9d) l eh te 
They haue vnderſtanding ok another Citic which they call Copalia, and in like maner, t mp 
being in the Countrey they haue vſed much labour and Diligence ne the ſeeking ol it: they has 
found the lake on which it ſhould ſtande, and a Candas the head whereuf was tougty mith cop. 
per tutioullp, and coulde not finde noz fee any man toy the towne, which to their vnderſtanding 
ſhould ſtand on che ſame water oz verp neere the ſame. 01% Mes WA le 
Ghebeates or. Where is a grest nomber of beatles op kine in the Countrey of Cibola, which torre neuer 
Sowa Yilpas bought thither by the Spaniards; but bieed naturallp in the Countrep: They are like vnto our 


Painting 
earth, 


weeds winde and (kein running. They cali ct. thebeattes opkineaf Cibola. 
bs CiBola ig * Cite which che Spaniards founde nowe of late, without any people in the 
lame, froodlp buildings faire chimnelß, windoes made ol diane and tintber excellently waoughe, 
faite welles wich whſerles to darertheir water, und a place where they had buried their den 
people, with mäß faire tones poche graues. Anothe Captaine woulde not ufer bis ſoll⸗ 
sof eee eee to doe it. 
They aſked e Which they mette, whither the people of this Citie were gone; 
And they made anſwere bey were gone vowne a river which was thereby very great, anvehere 
had bullded aCitkeinhich was mode for their conundditie. f 
Shia Captaine tacking things necellaric. for himlelke and his men, was faine to return 
backe againe without finding any trealure accopding to his expectation : neither founde they 
but fewe people, although they founde beaten wapes which had bene much haunted and frequeny 
ted, The Captalnie at his comming backe againe, had a great checke of the goueruour, becaule 
he had not gone forwards and leene the ende of that riuer. 
2 They baue inthe Countrey farre from the ſeaſtde, Landing waters which are Cale: And in the 
aneh bye hd tg Map che wacet of them congealeth into Cale, which fale is all taken for che 
ings bfe and profite, inte f 1 ig ano . 
Dogs of An ⸗ Eheir vogges areallcrooken backt as many as are of the Countrey hreede, and cannot rune 
dia deleribed. fulk: their faces are like the late of a pigge op an hogge, with ſharpe notes, ö N 
Cacao a fruit In a certaine pꝛouince which is called Guatimala, and Sacanofco, there is growing great 


Cibola aban⸗ 
doned. 


dne eof Cacao; which is a berrie Ihe vnto an Aland: Be is the belt archandiſe chat is in 


all the Indies. The Indians make dyinke of it, and in like maner meate to vate, It och 
e fo; money in any market oz laire, and map buy any Meth, fith, bread op cherſe oy other 
nes, ee 7 . 11 
There are many kinde of fruites ofthe Countrey which are very good, as Plantans, Sapotes, 
Guiaues, Pinas, Aluacatas, Tunas; Maitiios, Lymons, Orenges, Walnuts, very ſmall and bam, 
and little meate in them, grapes which the Spaniardetought into the Countrep, and alſo wilde 
grapes, which are or the Countrep, and urt very ſmalt, quinſex, peches, figges, and but fut 
es, and very ſmall, and no peares: but there are melons and Calabaſſes 
we ta much bon bach alben m ale OF a hin wt ere ibich ehcp cal Maguez. Chun bug 


ante ! | i . an bhen thefe me 
open, fung that ther baue long bate icke a Léon, anv Chore barnes, and they bane Hyon 
deen ale abunche like a Camel, which is hiet then the reſt of their body. They 2 


Countrep. to es 
Cench nop Pike, 
_. There are in tt 
wnmmip Brae, 
tes, which are int 
Thpere is amo 
1 itis dang 
ations, an 
1 hire ate in th 
gert, which Tyge 
Mebis Countr 


hnethe Rings olli 
ee 
tittune dales the 
migheic hils were 
uus among them, 
happened to finde 
tultorne and nian: 
men that found th 
home the quicke ff 
declared vnto the? 
as myneg and fuc 
wonein this Coun 
bew 

into Peru, w 
Che people okt 
tuen much to dir 
oMapuez.anv ro 
wile Pulco. Che} 
cher muunennes , 
their plealures an 


Monpaines of mo 


Achs cummanden 

Mea Judias one 
Ley are of mn 

Chey vie diners ti 

t 
Chive 


teplearne he 
0 


y Hatake, 
— 
anp other partes, 
moge 1 ithe 

rd Co be laben 
8 coulets, uh 

rd 


the gude be com, 
te ig not fo nuch 


moughbt with cope 
ir vnderſtanding 
lieh were nean 
ave like: vnto our 


they haue von 
They are mare. 
a 


my people in the 
Uently wꝛought, 

tied their den 

ufer his ſonl⸗ 
to doe it. 
Citie were gone; 
great, and there 


kaine to returue 
ther founde they 
ated and krequen · 
ueruour, becauſe 


alt: And in che 
B all taken forthe 


d camut runnt 


peate, Tevet) 
or cherle mporher 


ntans, Sapotes, 
y ſmalland bar. 


“Hore Hanks. iche nglhnation. 8 


Maguez is not lol werte as the other bony is, but it is better to be eaten one ly with bꝛead chen 
* cher ta and the tree leruech for many things, at the leaues make theed to (owe anp kinde of 


and are good to couer oz thatch houles and for diuers other things. 
They haue in diuers places of the Countrep manp hot ſpꝛings of water. As aboue all other, J Bet ſpuinge. 
pane ſeene one in the prouince of Mechuacan. In a plaine field without any mountaine, there is 
which bath much water, and it is ſo hot, that if a whole quarter of beefe bee caft into it, 
in one halfe houne, ir will be as well ſodden, as it will be ouer a fire in halfe a vaye. J haue 
ſtene balfe a Sheepe tac in, and imme diatly it ach beene ſodden, and J haue eaten parte 


beit. e : 
There are many Wares aud fome Contes, There are no Barttidgeg, but aboundance of Wares d 


Qua les, ö 
3 Cher hatte great tore of fiche in the South Sea, and many Oyſterg, and very great. The Hea tlhe, 
people doe open the Oyſters, and take out the meate of them, and dypit. as they doe any other kind 
offithe,and keepe them all the peere : and when the times ſerue, they ſende them abjoad into the 
Countrep to fell as all other iche. They haue no Salmon, no Crowe, nop Pele, no Carpe, 
Conch, nop Pike. in all the Countrey. 1105 
-_ Chere are in the Countrey mightie high mountaines, and hile, and nome vponthem. They Wountatner. 
tommonly burne, and twiſe euerp dap they tall out much finoke, and ales, at certaine open pla: 
les, which are in the toppes of them. N 
There is among the wild people much Manna. I baue gathered of che ſame, anv haue eaten gpanna, 
Rand it is good. Foz the Apothecaries fend their ſeruants at certain times, to gather of the fame, 
iu putgations, and other vſes. ; ; é sich 
Chere are in che mountaines many wild hogs, which all men map kill, and Lyons and Ty⸗ 
gers, which Tygers doe much harme to men that trauell in the wildernes. 
Mebis Countrey, not long lin ce, there were two poore men that found a meruelous rich myne, 


und iuhen thefe men went to make a regiſter of the fame, accoring to the Lawe and cuftome,be: 


tneche Rings olficers they thought this myne not meete fap fuch men as they were, and vtolent⸗ 
Iptooke the {ain myne fox the Ring, and gaue no part thereof vnto the two pooze men. And within spines diſta⸗ 
trrtaine pales the Rings officers refopced chither to labour in the myne, and they found two great ound 6 ung 
mighticbfls were come together, ſo they founde no plate to woꝛke in. And in the time, while J : 
thas among then, which was fine peeres there war a poore ſheepheard, tho keping oflistierpe, 
happened tofinve & GURU of quicke liner amo be wem in tthe manner co manifet the fame, age . 
nitome and nianner is en ae like oder, as they did witz the two pooe 
men that found the rich myne. taking it quite from the ſheephearv: but when they went to fetch 
home the quicke lluer, oz part therot they could neuer finde it againe. So theſe things haue bene 
detlared vnto the Ring, who hath giuen tommandement, that nothing being found in thelieldes, 
umyneg and ſuch like (hall be taken away from any man. And many other things haue bene 
in this Countrey, which men might count fo great merueils. a 
; Chere is great abundance of ſuger here and they make divers conferued,and very good,¢ fend Suet and 
minto Peru, whereas they fell them meruelous well, berauſe they make none in thofe parts. f 
Tbe people of the Countrey, are of a wood ſtature, tame coloured, bꝛoad faced, flat noſe d, aud wercription of 
gen much to Denke bath wine ol Spaine,¢ allo a certain kind of wine which they make th hony tbe nan 
Ae rootes, and other things which they vle to put into che lame, They call the fame Manners. 
wie Pulco. They are foone dꝛunke, aud giuen to much bealllines, and void of all goodnes. In 
theft munenues they ve and commit ſodomie, and with their mothers and daughters they haue 
ther plealures and paltimes. Ibereuppon they are defended from the drinking of wines, 
‘oponpaineg of monep, alwell be that (ellech the wines, as the Indian that dzinketh the ſame. And 
ee foetal were not, all the wine in Spaine aud in France, wer not ſuffitient foo the 
5 Mas onely. f 5 2 
They are ol much limplicitie and great cowards, doid of all valour, and are great &itches. 
Chey ble diners times totalke with che Deuill, to whome they doe certaine facritices and obla⸗ 
in an times they haue bene taken with che lame, anp A haue ſeene them moſt cruel lp pus 


, Whe peo pate giuen to learne all maner of occupations and ſientes, tobich for che mot p 

they learned flince the comming of the Spaniards : J fap all manner ok artes. They are very rk 

Call insnaking of Amgen, mich feachers, op che proportion oxfigure of any man, in all Aude of 

Wera de fs. Tbe furcned and excellructe of this is tooanbertull, that a Darbarous peaple agthep 
ud sinte ehernteliten to lo fine an ace ad chis ig, Chep art Golnisis, Blackethntehs, and 


* 


549 The voyages and difcoueries Henry Hake, 


Ponvie Ha 


conan the! 
wot in Cu 


and 
Wong pon, beleeusd in the Sunne andthe MPoane, faping that from chem chey hav all shige thactoreuree 


cape, then they t 
Manp people at 
. 
Iwopke fo fine a the 
fy leſſe chen 12, pe 
Chey haue mut 
ofall colonrs, and. 
elt: bur the black 
ey haue mat 
bus ag good Fert 
ther Pules Chey 
e 
uur day, which ti 
toaters which fal i 
ee 
common peopt 


ners m. Che Indians hans the Frier in great reuerence . The occafion is, chat by chem, andh 
Wanne ene by Charles the so 


ion, they co 
ofthis Matz, and i 
Che Indians 


. ee 
man 
Gem, And bert 
Went not on land 
iu Noua Hiſpani 


ee eee mae 
met Ur is tn nett Spaine,a meruelous increate of rattel: which daiiy votb inereatt and they 
* a ger ehm i fert hut irrer dir beh n bug. 


ildzen, andonelp 
is that were nerd. 
hep make a mance 
ba fhites @ finocks 
(tee ble itte 
Ss kind ofcloth all 
all meafire, 

are che (hinne ol 
ue no care fox any 
te bigge men aud 
md their arrohes 


Waonmes, and 
Ihave ſerne men 
07 on their bodies, 


tome to cate thet 


Farie Hawkes. of the Englifh nation. | 


ren, Chey (pend many in the Count rey in thoes and bootes,and in the mynes: and as the Couns 
erupts great, fo is the inerraſe of the cattell wonderfull. In the Alland ol Santo Domingo, they 
conan il the beaſts fo their hides and callowe,and the fowleg eate the carkales: and ſo they 
wot in Cuba, aud Porto Ricco,whereas there is much ſuger, and Cana fiſtula, which daily they 


350 


eallotwe in his bellie fo; 16. Héllings,and ſome one man bath 10, thoutand head ot cattell ot his 
mne. They {el the hides vnto the Merchants, who lave into Spaine as manp as map be wel {pa 


feud intu Spaine. They haue great increaſt of heepe in line manet, and dally doe intend to increale speeve, wool 
chem, They haue much wool, and as good as the wooll of Spaine. They make cloth as much as Cioth. 


ferueth the Countrex. fo the common people, and ſend much cloth into Peru. J haue feene cloth 
mane in the Citie of Mexico, which hath bene ſold for ten pesos a vate, which is almoſt . pounds 


the vare is le then our yard. They haue Dad growing in the Countrep, and Al: Se. 
fam,and Baill and divers other things to dye withall, ſo that they make all colours. In Peru Sane 


they make no cloth but hereafter our cloth will be little {et by in thele partes. vnleſſe it be fome fine 
tach Che wools are commonly 4. ſhilſing a cuery roue, which is 25. pounds: and in ſome pla⸗ 
eegofthe Countrey that are karre ſrom tie places whereas they make cloth, it is woꝛch nothing. 
and doth ſrrue but onely to make bers lo men to lye on. 

Chep make hats, as many as ooe ſerue the Countrep, very fine and good, and {ell them better 
cheape then they can be brought cut of Spaine and in like manner ſend them into Peru. 

any people are fet on wozke both in the one, and in the other: they ſpin their wooll as we do, 
ind in ſteede of oile, they haue hogs greaſe: they twiſt not their thꝛeed fo much as we doe, neither 
worke ſo line a thꝛeed. They make no kerlieg but they make much cloch,which is courle, and fell it 
li leſle chen 12. pence the bare. It is called Bapall. 

Chey haue much lilke, and make all maner of forces thereok, as Talfataes, Sattins, Gelucts 
tell tolonrs, and they are as good as the filkes ol Spaine, ſauing that the colours are not fo pers 
ett: bu the blackes are better then the blackes that tame out ol Spaine. 


ey baue many hozſes, and mares, and mules, which the Spaniards bought thither. They ales. 
haus as good Jennets, as anp are in Spaine, and better cheape then they be in Spaine, And with . 


their Mules they carry all their goods from place to place, 

Chere is raine vſuallp in this Countrey fromthe moneth of ay to the midſt ol October, e⸗ 
terp day, which time they call their winter, by reaſon of the ſaid waters. And if it were not for the 
waters tobich kal in chefe hot ſeaſons their Malz, which is che greater part of their {uttenance, 
. This Mai; is che greateſt maintenance which the 

common peop 
tefame. This graine is ſubſtantiall, and increaſeth much blood. GE che Piners ſhoulde bee 
without ie, they could not labour their Mines: for all their feruants eate none other bread, but only 
ofthis Patz, and it is made in cakes, as they make daten cakes, in fome places ot England. 

Che Indians pay tribute, being of the age of 20, yerres, 4. ſhillings of monep, and au hanege 
of Pais, which is woorth 4. ſhillings moe, onto che Ring euery peere. Chis is pat in all Noua 
Hifpania,of as many as be of the age of 20. peeres,faning the citie of Tlafcalla, which was made 
ler, berauſe the pening thereof were the octaſion that Cortes tooke Mexico in ſo litle a time. 
Ano although at che firt, they were fred ſrom paiment of tribute pet the Spaniards note begin to 
berpe vpon them, and mate chem to till a great field of Maiz, at their owne coftes euery peere for 
the king, which is as beneficial vnto him, and as great toll vnto them, as though they paid their 
dene of Spaine with outs from p Nombre de dios; anb eher 

8 out ine goods eru, goe to Nombre de dios, e 
cane te Cao gan an from tbence they Be caren one de necke of a lande, vato & ponte 
tene, in che ſouth ſea called Panama, whichis 17. leagues diſlant from Nombre de dios. And 
chere they doe (hip their good again, nd fo from thence goe to Peru. Chey are in going hither 
e thep tome backe againe in 20. daieg. Che y haue ſe ldome foule weather and few 


keke Salomons Illauds, ind they came fometwbat to the fourh of the Cquinoctiall, and funde an lands n 
zaum many blacke propie, in ſuch mmber that the Spanlards hart wot goe on land among tye South tea 
dem, And becaufe they long vppon the bopae, their people were bery weak, and fo 1568. 


bent not vn Lund, eo know what commeditic was vpon ik. And fen want of victuals, they detined 
n Noua Hiſpania, in a port called Porte de Nauidad, anv thente returnen backe againe dato Pe- 
m xhereas chep wert cuil entrented betauſe they had not kus wen move ul the Came Mad. 

Hey bane in this port of Nauidad, oybinacily thete ſbtys, which gor tothe Mauds of Chins, 


WV are certain lands, tobicheber haue Four within tala ht 


Indian hath, and allo all Bats graine 
ie of the Spaniards, Anveheir hones and mules which labour, cannot be without peat. 


ered: Pay 


me loſt in the fonth fea. Faure peeres palt, do wit, 15 68.there was a hip made ont of Peru. r S, eng 40 


China fonns 
by the Wed. 


551 The voyages and diſcoueries Henrie Habe, 


thence gold. and much Cinamon,and diſhes of earth,and cups of the fame, fo fine, that tuerp may 
that map haue a peece of chem, will giue the weight of liluer fo, it, Chere was a mattturthat 
bꝛougbt a pearle, as big as a Doues cage, from chence,¢ a fone, fo; which the Uicerop would bay 
giuen 3000. buckets. Pan chings they bring from thence, malt excellent. There are many of 
“pisis tobe theſe lands, the Spaniards haue not manpof them as pet: forthe Portingals oiturbethem 
thetime when much, x combate wih them tuerp day ſaying it is part of their conquelt, ¢ to the maine landehep 
Daene, Cannot come at any bee. Biber are goodly people in them, ¢ chep are great mariner vichy mp 
aun 1572. parre lled in cloth ok golo,¢ ſiluer, x filke ofall ſotg, & goe apparelled after the maner of f Turkes, 
This report make {uch an come from chence, Che men ok che maine lande. haue certaine tratfike 
Chinatbips with fome of chele Wlanders,¢ camethither in a kind of hips, which they haue with one foile md 
tity one latte. bring of ſuch merchandise as they haue neede of, And of theſe things there haue bene byougte in. 
to JRewe Spaine both cloch of gold, ¢ ſiluer x diners maners of Hikes,¢ wohn of gold and fier, 
maruelous to be ſeene. Goo by their laping there is not ſuch a Countrep in the whole nod. Che 
maine land is from the Illands 1 50. leagues: aud the Illands are not farre from the Moluccas 
noꝛthwards. And the people of thoſe Iſlands, whichthe Spaniards haue, fay, that if they woulne 
hing their wines de then they ſpould haue among them what they would haue. De 
there goe women vaily,¢ the king paieth all the charges of the maried men e their wiueg that go 

to thofe Allands. And there is no doubt, hut the trade will be merue lous rich in time to come. 
It was mp fortune to be in companie with one Diego Gutieres, who was the firſt Piloe thar 
tuer went tothat Countrey of the Phillipinaes. e maketh report of many ſtrange things inthe 
Countrep, alwel riches, as others, and ſaith, if there be any Paradiſe vpon earth, it is in that com 
trep sand addeth, that fitting wader a tree, vou ſhall haue ſuch werte ſmels, with {uch great con 
tent and pleaſure. that pou thall remember neither wile, no; childzen, nop haue any kinde 
of appetite to cate oꝛ winke, che odopiterous ſmels will be fo ſweete. This man bath goodlivings 
in Noua Hiſpania, notwithſtanding be will returne thither, with bis wife and childzen, aud az fo 
treaſure. there is aboundante, us he maketh mention. In this Countrey of Noua Hifpania,there 
are manp Bucks and Does, butthey haue not fo long bonnes as they haue here in England. Che 
Spaniards kill them with and with grayhounds, and the Indians kill them with their 
<hamotce, bowes, and arromes, and with che ſhins they make chamopce, ſuchas we in England makedow 
blets and hoſe ol, as good as the fhing that are dꝛelſed in Flanders, and like wiſe they make ma 


7%000ß00%0yö00 ²˙ % wns pwrwines ba ae 


is feathers white: there is ſuch aboundance of them hat they eate all the corrupt and dead fd) 
which is in the Countrey. Other wiſe the aboundante ol carren is ſo much, that it would malte 
mamelous coprupt aire in all the and be ſu noiſome, that no man could abide it. Chere 
fone it is commanded, there ſhall none of be kulled. Theſe birds are alwaies about Cities, 
C iter in machte he tices ofthe cll ceca 
ians are ured bp the Juſti oultrep,and thera 
8 phanes.Ano if auy Spaniard fhouto happen to doe any of ee pag dah 98 
her. any thing from bim, as manp times they doe, oꝛ to firtke aup ofthem being in any towne, whereas 
iuttice is, they are al well punithen ſoz the ſame, as if they bad done it one Spaniard to anoder, 
hen a Spaniard being farre from Mexico any place of iuſtite, thinking to doe tuith che pone 
Indian what he liſt. conſidering he is ſo farre from any place ofremedte, he maketh the Judim 
doe buhat he commandeth him, And ik he will not doe it, he beateth and miſuſeth him, accopdingte 
bis owe appetite, Che Indian holveth bis peace, vntill he find an oppoztunitie, and then taketh a 
neighbour with bim, and geth to Mexico, although it be 20, leagues off, and maketh bis com 
plaine. Chis his complaint is immediatly heard, and although it be a Knight, d aright gu 
Gentleman he is foonthwith Cent fop,and puniſbed both by his goods , and allo his isin» 
prifoned,at the pleaſure of the Jultice. This isthe occalion chat the Indians are ſo tame and ch 
dull as thep are: andifchey would haue chis fauour, the Spaniards would foone diſpatch alle 
Indians, the Indians would kill chem. But they map call them dogs, and vſe other euill mans, 
as mich as they will, mid the Indian mult needes put it vp, and que his way. 8 
be pore Indians will goe euery day 2.0) 3. league to a Faite og Parket, with achllne op 
ee ee nce ee eee 
5 e a sand b 6 
28 rn A 1 88 
Cbex are pouertie pouneede to the Countrep , pou ſhall haue an ind 
anti goe tnith yon all the day, with pour bed vpon bis backe, fo? one coiali of plate: and this vou 
1 ——ů— 5 


° amm 


Henrie H. 


the bay te altos 
il that they may 
Che garment 
woman m 
fine one to put ou 
powers, of red C 
unthen they hau 
wolle and reache 
potone balfe the 
nen haue a final 


heir apy: 
he wals 

hall not well pe 
the meanes that! 
tie in their wals. 0 
perp little, ſo that 
theit houles, are 
talke one with an 
fullof images. a 
and fleepe on the 

Che Indians 
-Korthey know n 

Ja Noua Hiſf 
Mexico : fo there 
Mutezuma tol 


hie bene ſeene ir 


Che Spaniards 
hop dagger, noꝛ k 
map they ride vy 
which they take! 
tas hut they ha 


bath gon 
chine, ana 
oua Hiſpania het 
in England, Che 
ul chem with then 
makz dou 


Henrie Hawkes. of the Engliſh nation. 


552 


he ane alwaies wont to carry their beds with them. They are great thecues, and will ſteale 
alithacthep map, and you (hall haue no recompence at their hands. z 

Che garments of the women, are in this manner. The vppermoſt part is made al mot like to ape apparen 
amm ſmock, manig that it is as byaab aboue as beneath, aud hath no (cues, but holes on ech aue Indi 
fine one to put out their armes. It is made ol lumen cloth, made of cotton wooll, and filled fullok 
ſowers, of red Cadis and ble we, and other colours. This garment cummeth downe tothe knees, 
aochen they haue another cloth made after the fame manner, and that goeth round about their 
wulle and reacheth to their ſhoes and ouer this a white fine here pon their heads, which goeth 
potune halle the legge. Their haire is made vp round with an haire lace about their head. Audthe 
nen haue a ſmall paire of bpeeches, ot the fame cotton wooll, and their ſhirtes which hang ouer 
their breeches,and a byoad girdle about their middles, and a ſbeete with flowers vpon their backs, 
and wich a knot vpon one ſboulder, and an hat vpon their heads, and a paire of ſhoes. nd this is all 
heir appatell, although it be a Calique, which they vle in all the Countrep, 

Che wals ofthe houſes of the Indians are but plaine, but the Tones are laid ſo cloſe, that pow e 
hall not well perceaue the ioynt s betweene one Mone and another, they are fofinelp cut: and by a 
the meanes that the ſtones are fo woꝛkman ly done, and finely ioyned together there is ſome beau · 
tieintheir wale, They are meruelouẽ ſmall and light. as Pumie fones. Chey make their doozes 
berp little, ſo that there can goe in but one man at a time. Theit windowes, and toomes wit hin 
their houſes, are ſmall, and one roome they haue reſerued for their friendes, when they come to 
talke one with another, and that is alwaies faire matted, and kept meruelous cleane, and banged 
fullof images. and their chaires ſtanding there to ſit in. They cate their meate vpon the ground, 
ind fleepe on the ground vpon a mat, without any bed, boch the gentlemen, and other. 

Che Indians CErike their fire with one ticke in another, alwell the tame people, as the hilde. rns 
-Foarthep know not howe to doe it with an yꝛon, and a fone, hes, 

Ga Nous Hiſpanis, euery 10.09 12, leagues they haue a tontrarie ſpeech, ſauing one ly about cha. 
Mexico: fo there is a number of ſpeeches in the Countrep, 
Mutezuma which was the laſt Ring of this Countrep, was one of the riche Princes which Mutez ma, 
hue bene leene in our time oz long beldze. e had all kind of beatts, which were then in the cours nd us richte 
tex and all maner of birds, and liſhes, and all maner of wonnes, which creepe vpon the earth, and 
ill trees, and flowers, and herbes, all ſaſhioned in filuer and gold, which was the greateſt part of al 
litreaſure, and in theſe chinges bad he great ioy, as the alde Indians repoꝛt. And vnto this day, 
they fay that the treafure of Mute zumas, ig hidden, and that the Spaniards haue it not. This Ring 
tould giue none of his people freedome, 102 forgiue any of them that ſhoulde pape him tribute, 
thatch be were neuer ſo poore, Fog if u had bene told him, that one of his tributaries was pooze, 
chat he was not able to pay his tribute, accoꝛding to the cuftome, chen he would haue him bound 
to hung at ſuch times as tributes ſhould be paid, a quill full of Lyte, ſaying, he would haue none 
eee hut himſelfe. He had as many wiues, oz concubines, as he would haue, and ſuch as liked him. 
wales when ſoeuer he went out of his Court, to paſſe the time he was borne vpon 4, of his noble 
nent houlvers, (et vpon a table. ſome fap,of gold and very richly deſſed with feathers, of diucrs 
many colours and flower. He walhed all bis bodte euery bap, were it neuer fo cold. And unto walt tem 
this day, lo doe all the Indians, and eſpeciallythe women. ſelues euerꝝ 
Che Spaniards kerpe the Indians in great ſubiection. They may haue in their houſes no for dr. 
hop dagger, noꝛ knife with any pointe, noꝛ may weare vppon them any manner of armes, neither 
m they ride vpon any hoꝛſe, nop mules, in any fadle nop bꝛidle, neither may they minke wine, 
ich they cake for the greateſt paine of all. They haue attempted diuers times to make infurrecs 
tis but they haue bene ouerthowen immediatly by cheir one great and beaſtlycowardlines. 
{ Chere remaine fome among the wild people. that vnto this day eate one another. Ahoue ſerne gamprais, 
debones of a Spaniardi hat haue bene as tleane burniſhed, as though it had bene done by men 
that had no oth r ocrupation. And many times people are carried away bythem, but they neuer 
time againe, whether they be men oz women. a g 178 
Shey haue in ehe fea Jllands ok red ait in great aboundaure, whereas they lade it from place to Inand of tate, 
. the fea coall: and they ſyend very much Cate vuth ſalting theit hives, and fithe s ann in ö 
her mynes they occupies great quantitie. A % 
Cſbey daue much Allam, and as good as any that is in all the Leuant, ſo that they nerde none stam, 
en two much Caria ital b Salf chia 
allo c bone growing ana fiſtula and much Salſa Perilla, which is Sasa fitula, 
mnie god ef many kind of véteates, 115 0 
ere ave in Florida, many Jartefalcous and manp ther kind ol Hawkes which the Gentle ⸗ Tionda. 


1 


men 


353 


A towne of 
8000. 


oun 


The voyagesand difcoueries M. lobn Hawkins, 


men of Noua Hifpania fend fo euerp peere. The Spaniards haue two fopes chere,chictlp to keene 
cut the Frenchmen from planting there, 


The3.vnfortunate voyage made with the Iefus,the Minion, 


and foure other fhippes,to the partes of Guinea, and the V Veſt Ine 
dias, in the yeeres 1567. and 1568, by M. Iohn Hawkins, 


He thippes depa 


ES ) Month from Cape Fineſter, gere aroſe an extreame tome, which 
Sy 2 5 daies, in ſuch loꝛte, that che flecte was dilperſed, and all our great boaes 


b * determ⸗ 
ning to giue ouer the voyage: but the eleuenth day of the ſame moneth, the winde changed mit 
faire weather, wherebp we were animated to followe our enterpziſe, and ſo did, ditecting un 
tourſe with the Jllands of Grand Canaries, where accoyding to an onder before ppeſcribed, all 
our ſhippes befoze diſperled, mette in one of thoſe Illands, called Gomera, where we tooke ing 
ter, and departed from thenee the fourth day of SRouember, towards the coat ol Guinea, ud at 
tiued at Cape Verde, the eighteenth of Nouember: where wee landed 1 50. men, hoping to ob 
taine ſome Negroes, where we gatte but fewe, and thole with great hurt and damage to our men, 
which chiefly pꝛoceededot their enuenomed arrowes : ¢ although in the begiming, they feemen 
to be but ſmall hurtes, yet there hardely eſtaped any, chat had bloode dꝛawen of them, but died in 
ſcrange (orte, with their mouthes (hucte, ſome ten dayes before he died, and after their woundes 
were whole, where J my ſelfe had one ol the greateſt woundes, pet thankes beto God, efcaper, 
From thence we paſt the time vpon the coaſtof Guinea, fearching with all diligence che Riuerg 
from Rio grande, vnto Sierra Leona, till the twelſthuf Januarie, in which time wee had not gop 
ten together a hundꝛech and fiftic Regroes: pet notwithſtanding che ſickenes of our men, and he 


late time of the peere commanded vs awayꝛand thus hauing nothing where with to ſerke the tun 


ok the Meſt Indias J was with the ref of our companie in confuleacion to goe to the conllofthe 
Myne, hoping there to haue obtamen ſome golde foꝛ our wares, and thereby to haue deftaied out 
charge. But euen iu that prefent inant, there came to vs a Negro, {ent from a Ring, oppellea 
by other Rings his neighbours, defiting our aide, wich momiſe, that as many Pegtoes a by 
thele wares might be obtained alwell of bis part, as of ours, ſhould be at dur pleaſure: where 
on we concluded to give aide, aud ſent 1 20. of our men, which the fifteenth of Januarie, allaulted 
atowne of the Negroes ofour Allies aduerſaries. which had in it 8000, Jnhabitanta, ann ven 
fronglp impaled and fenced, aſter their manner, but it was fo well defended, that our men penn 
led not. but loft fire men, and 40. hurt: fo that our men ſent fooꝛtch with to me for more helpe woher 
vpon conlivering that the goon ſucteſſe of this enterpꝛiſe might highly ſurther the commonitic of 
our vopage, I went myſelle, and with the helpe of the Ring ol our five, alſaulted the cotone, boch 
by land and ſea, and very hardly with fire (their houſrs being couered with Dp Palme leauer) c 
tained the to wne, and put the Jnhabitavts to flight, where we toolte 250. perfons, men, women, 
and childzen, and by dur friend the Ring ol our de there was taken 600. prifoners , thereof tes 
hopedeo haue had our choife : but che Negro (in which nation is ſeldome oz neuer found 
meant nothing leſſet for chat night beremooued his campe, and pꝛiſoners, ſo that we were faintte 
content vs with thoſe fewe which we had gotten our ſelues. 

Now had we obtained betweene 4. and 500, Negroes, wberewich we thought it ſomwbar ten 
ſonable to fecke the coatt of the Melt Indias and there, foz our Negroes, and other our merthan⸗ 
dige, we hoped to obtaine, whereokto counteruaile our charges with fone gaines, vherennto we 
proceened with all Diligence, furntthen our watring, tacke fue ll and departed the coalt of Guin 
the third of Ff chyuarie,coutinuing at the fea with a paſſage moe harde, then before bath bent at 
tuſtomed tilthe 27. day of arch which day we had ſighe of an Aland called Dominica ppontht 


Fan 


dhippes, and 8 


ö bauen was ſo li 


dae bin pete 


Auers balwark 
gabuliers, fo th. 
which purpote h 
could bp na mea 
their bultwarkes 
uthe Dpanpar 
Thus hauing 
gpartlp by friei 
minted to vs by 
petraved the S 

u Cutagen⸗ 
taine to deale w 
finithen we sel 

departed 

. after 
ba, towar des tb 
wich continued 
buildings, her ri 
tather vpon the 
paſſt ſougbt the 
fhalownes of che 
other z. dapes, u 
called Saint Fc 
tut way ttt hips 
bes meane to v 
ofour fleete: (ho; 
andin our entri 
the Countrey ce 
but immediatly 
foun alſo in the 
Giver, all 1 55 
amp wap thit 
& grote: onely 
tion and ſent pe 
Counfell there, 
ofthe tepaire of 
lip to be We 
ill conuenient 
hed fop, there mi 
ofamitie; their 
the lixteenth da 
mopning which 


General of the 

wenter p wore, 
ind maintenant 
not three foote 
Hand ſtandeth 

there is not in a 
wind hath there 
ned pon this J 


Ro giue place t 
fald J, J am in 
kept out the fice 
n els ſuffer the 
there they may 


Hankins, | jafoln Hawkinsg. of theEnglihnation. 354 


— — — 
re, chielly takeepe dus bulwarbes in ail places where it migbe be entred, and furniſhed hunſelle neh a 100, Har; 
gabullers, fo that he thought by famine co baue infeyced vs to haue put a land our Ieqrocs: of 
which pur pole he had not greatly failed vnles we had by farce entred the cownes which (after we 

e Minion, caulp bp uo means obtaine bis fauour)we wert enfopced to do. g ſo with 200. men bake in vpon gti, as 
Weft Ite their bulwarkes,¢ entred the towne wich the loffe only of li. men of our partes, and no hurt dont caren, 
| tothe Mpanpards becauſe alter their volye of ſpott vilcharges,chep all flev. N 
P 8 Chus hauing the town, with ſome circſiſtance, as partly bp the Dpanyards deſire of Negroes, 
tober, Anno 1567, gpartlp by friendſbip of the Trraſozer, we obtained a ſeertte trade: whereupon the Spanpards 
tune foptie leagues reionted to vs by night, x bought of vs to the nomber of 200, Negroes: in allother places where 
„ Which conemnuen getraved the Spanpyards inhabitants were glad of vs and traded willingly. Cassa?! 
ll our great boars u Cartagena the laſt towne we thought to haue ſeene on the coaſt, we could bp no meanes ob: * . 
bt able to ſeruethe taine to Deale with any Spanyard the gouernoz was ſo ſtraight, becauſe our trade was fo nter e 
ame ward, determi: finithen we thought not good either to aduenture any landing, oz to detract further time, but in 
inde changed with peace departed from thence the 24. of July, hoping to haue eſcaped p time of their ſtoꝛmes which July. 
o did, directing on thenfoone alter began to raigne, the which they cal Furicanos, but pafling by the weſt end of Cu- Furicanos, 
fore preferibed, al ba, towardes the coaſt of Florida there happened to vs the rit. bay of Auguſt an extreme ſtoꝛme 
here we tooke tog vbich rontinued bp the (pace of 4. daies, which fo beat the Jeſus, that we cut downe all her higher 
al Guinea, u building shee ruddar alſo was (ore ſhaken, and with all was in fo extreame a leake that we were 
men, hoping to ob tather vpon the point to leaue her then to keepe her any longer, pet hoping to bing all to good 
ama ge to our mm, pat fought the coatt of Florida where me found no place nop Hauen lo; our ſhips becauſe of che 
mung, they ſeemed fhalowncs of the coall: thus being in greater dilpaite, x taken with a new ſtoyme which continued Stone 
ok them, but died in other z. dayes, we were inloꝛced to take fop eur ſuctoʒ j Wort which ſerueth the Citie ol Mexico 
fter their woundes called Saint John de Vilua which ſtandeth in rip.vegrees:in {eeking of which Port we tocke in 
beta God, efcaper, our way iii. ſpips which carried paſſengers to nomber ol C. which pallengers we beped houlv 
iligence the Riurrs ben meane to vs the better to obtaine victuals foꝛ our monep, and a quiet place for the repairing 
me wee had not goo tl aur fleete:ſhoꝛtly after this the xvi. of September we entered the Pont of Saint John de VIlua September: 
ok our meu, and the min our entrie the Spanpardes thinking vs to be the fleete ol Spaine, the chiefe officers of devine Port. 
ith to lecke then the Countrey came aborde vs, which being detrtued of thelt expectation were greatly diliiayed: The Span 
de to the coaoftye dur inmediatly when they ſawe our demaund was nothing but victuals, were recomfozted. J. 
to haue deftaied out found allo in the fame ore xi. ſoips which bad in them by the repozt. 200000, li. in golde and 
making oppellea Gluer, all which (being in my pollelſion, with the Ringes Nand as alſo the palſengers before 
ny Megroes a bp inmp wap tbither warde ſtayde) J (ee at libertie, without the taking from them the waygbt of 

aſure: wherenp⸗ grote: onely betauſe J woulde not bee delayed ol my diſpatcb, I Mapes two men of eſtima⸗ 

anuarie, alnulted tion and ſent poſt immediatly to Mexico, which was 200 miles from vs, to the Pꝛeſidentes and 
abitants , and ver Counfell there, ſhewing them of our arriuall there by the torceof weather, and the neceſſitie 
hat our men paul ofthe repaire of our ſhippes and victualles, which wantes wee required as friends to king Phi⸗ 


d moe helpertobers be furni ag, Durrequelts, 
1 5 4 li eo be furniſhed of fo our money: and that the Hꝛeſidentes and Counſell there ſhoulde with 


ill conuenient ſpeede take oꝛder, that at the arriuall of the Spanithe ficete, which was daily loo · 

bed log, there might no caufe of quarrel rife betweene vs and them bur fo the better maintenance 

i amitie, their commaundement might bee had in that bebalfe. Chis meflage being {ent away 

the firtecntl) dap of September at nyght, being the berp day of our arriuall, in the next 

noming which was the ſixteenth day of che fame moneth, we ſawe open of the auen xi. great Sane 

. Hippes , and vnderſtanding them to be the fleete of Spaine, J {ent immediatlp to aduertiſe che ¥ 

General of che fleete of mp being there, doing him to vnderſtand that befoge J would {uffer them 
wenter p) Pozt, there ſhould ſome onder of condicions palle betweene vs for our fafe being there, of 
and maintenance of peace: now it is to be vnderſtood that chis Port is a little land of Cones He ent oe 
nettbꝛee koote aboue the water in the bieſt place, and but a bow ſhoote of length any way, this Lobe Vll. 
Gand ſlandeth from the maine land two bowe ſbootes oz moze, alſo it is to be vnderſtood that 

there is not in all this coaſte any other place for ſhippes to arriue in ſaletie, becauſe the Noꝛth 

wind hath tbere ſuch violence, that vnles the ſhiypes be very ſalely mozed withtheir ancres falt 

ned opon this Jland, there is no remedie fop thele Nozth windeg but death: allo the place of the en a 
bauen was ſo little, chat of neceſlitie the ſhippes mutt ride one abooꝛd the otber, ſo that we could 

Rot giue place to them, noz they tu vs: bere i began to bewaile 5 which after ſolo wed fo now 


falb J, J am in two dangers, ¢ forced to receaue the one of ther, That was either J mutt baue 

kept out the fleete from entring the Pozt, ö which with Gods helpe J was very well able to do, 

n els ſulfer them to enter in with therr accuttomen treaſon, which they neuer faile to execute, 

tshere hep may haue opoꝛtunitie, o circumuẽt it by any meanes:if J bad kept tbẽ out, then had 

here bin pelt chipwarke of al ö fleete which ee in value to fice Millions, which was in 
i et. 


value 


PPP ner a Pe ae 
555 The voyages and diſcoueries MA. ohn Hawkins, 


— value of our money 1800000, li. which J confivered A was not able ta aunſwere, fearin the 
Queens Waiehies indignation in ſo waightp amatter.Chus with mp felfe reuoluing Pdoubig, 
thoughe rather better to abide z Jutt of the vucerteinty tben the certeinty. The wncerteine doubt 
FJ accompe was their treafon which by good policy J boped migbt be pituented, e ihertfohe ag 
chufing the leat mifcbief A ppoceeded to conditions. Nom was our firk meſlenger come ere 
ned from the flecte with report ol the arriual of a vice Roy, ſo that he had auctboyity, both in all 
this Pꝛouince of Mexico ( other wiſe called noua Hifpania)¢ in the fea, who ſent bs wop; that we 
ſbould fend our cõditians, which of bis part ſpould (top the better maincendice of amity bectucene 
P Wpinces)be both fauopably granted, ¢ faithfully perfopmend, with man faire words how palling 

ane woldes the coaſt of the Indies he had buderBood of our bone bebauiour towards the inbabicants where 
Lan we had to do aſwel elſwhere as in ; fame Pont, the which A let paſſe thus following dur demand 
we required victual fo our monp,¢ licence to fel afmuch ware as might foynith our wits, ¢ that 

there might be of either part rii.genclemen as boſtages fo) the maintenance of peace:and that the 

Sur requets. Aland fo; our better ſafety might be in our omne polleſſion, during our above there, g (uch ont 
nance as was planted in the fame Gland which was ri. peeces of Brailes ¢ that no Wpanpatde 
might land in the Aland with any kind of weapon: theſe conditions at the firſt, he ſome what mil. 

. liked, chiefly the gard ol the Aland to be in sur owne keeping, which it wep had had, we had foone 

concluded. knowen our fare: fo; with the fick Noꝛth wind they bad cut our cables and our {hips had gone a. 
ſhoze: but in the ende hee concluded to our requeR bringing the xi. hoſtages to x. which with all 
ſueede of eyther part weare receaued, with a wziting from the vice Roy ſigned with bis hand and 
ſealed with bis ſeale of all the conditions concluded, ¢ forthwith a trumpet blowne with cman: 
Dement that none of either part ould be meane to inuiolate the peace vpon paine ol death:¢ fure 
ther it was concluded that the two generals ofthe fleetes ſhould mecte, ¢ giue faith eche to other 
fon the perfopmance of the premifles which was ſo done. Thus at the end ot 3. daies all was cone 
cluded and the fleete entred the Pont, laluting ont another as the maner of the lea doth require, 
Thus as J (aid before, thurldap we entred the Pont, friday we ſawe the fleece and on monday at 
night chep entredthe Pozt:then we laboured li. daies placing the Caghth chips by them lelueze 
the Spanith (hips by them ſelues, the captaines of each part e infertour men of there partes po. 
miſſing great amity of all Goes: which euen as w all fidelity was ment of our part, ſo che Spam: 
pardes ment nothing leſſe of their parts, but from the maine land had furniſbed them ſelues with 
a ſupplie of men to the nomber ol 1000. and ment the next thurſday being the 23. of Soeptember 
at dinner time to fee vpon vs of all ſides, the fame thurſday in the mozning the treafon being at 
hand, ſome appearance ſpe wed, as ſhiſting of weapon from ſhip to hip, planting aud bending of 
oꝛdinãce from the ſhip to the Aland where our men warded, paſling too ¢ fro ofcompanies of men 
moxe then required foz their neceflarp buſines, and many other yll licklyhodes which cauſed vs 
to haue a vehement ſuſpition, and there withall (ent to the vice Rop to enquire what was ment by 
it, which ſent immediatly ſtraight commandement to vnplant all thinges ſuſpicious, g alſo ſent 
woꝛd that he in the faith of a vice Roy would be our defence from all villanies. Pet we being not 
ſatiſfied with this aunſwere becaule we fulpected a great nomber of men to be hid in a great hip 
of 900 tonnes which was moped next vnto the Pinon {ent againe to the vice Roy the maſter of 
the Jelus which had the Spaniſh tongue and required to bee ſatiſtyed if any ſuch thing wert o7 
not, which ſeeing the vice Roy that the treaſon mud bee diſcouered, kozthwith ſtayd our mafter, 
blewe the trumpet, and of all fides ſet vpon vs: our men which warded a ſhoze being ſtricken 
with ſoden feare, gaue place, fled, and ſought to recouer (uccour of the ſbippes, the Sopanyardes 
being before prowiden for the purpoſe landed in all places in multitudes from their ſhippes which 
they might eaſely doe without boates, and {icine all our men a {hope without mercy, a fewe of 
them eſcaped aboꝛde the Telus, The great ſhippe which had by the eſtimation 300 men placed 

be in hir ſetretly, immediatly fell aboꝛde the minion which by Gods apointment in the time of the 

elcapedhardip. ſulpition we had, which was onely one halfe houre, the Pinion was made ready to auoide and 
fo leeling bir bevfattes, and hayling away by the fearne faftes thee was gotten out: thus with 
Gods helpe the defended the violence of the firſt bunt of theſe CCC. men. The Ppnion being 
paſte out they tame aboꝛde the Jeſus, which alſo with verp much a doe and the loſſe of many 
ol our men weare defended and kept our. Chen were there alſo two otber Chippes that allaul 

Che Fetuser. ted the Jeſus at the ſame inſtant, fo that thee had hard getting looſe. but yet with ſome time we 

tape pardip. had cutt our hedfaſtes and gotten out by the ſtearne fates, Now when the Jeſus and the My 


Sharpe wars. nion weare gotten abꝛoad two ſpippes length from the Sopanith flecte, the night beganne bott 
f 2 of all fives that within one houre the Admirall of the Spanyardes was ſuppoled to be funcke 


their ice Admirall burned and one other of there pincipall (hips ſuppoſed to be ſunke, ſo ar a 


MN. fobn 


i 
ins were little 
Cben is : 4 

bandes, whic 

ſus, in ſuch fot 

pon wee 
abide all tbe bat 
ts tabe ſuch rel 
ler vs, and to le 
the (hott of the 

ming directly v 

marueilous fear 

the winde will 
wapes there fa) 
ſent of the Cap 
Mypnion. 
The molt par 

nion in a ſmall b 

the merty ok the 

Judith (a final 

dur great myſe 

two bow e shoot 
lande a mple ft 
onely with two 

Ankers) wee t 

to a longer tyn 

The weathe 
ber of men and 
the Spanyarde 
to the Infivels 
fo thug with ma 
teene Dapes, ty 


mette, tattes, 


monkapes that! 
tourne one din 
botome of the f 
haue founde in 
ok aur ſhippe, 
hooting of our 
fende and keep: 
nepther people, 
ſome perill we n 
thereunto J co 
And ſuch as 
wards, J put ay 
ofthe other five: 
which being lan 
victuals to take 
The next da 
dier preparing o 
rould by no mes 
looked fo (hip 
But pet Gor 
departeu the {ir 
ther cill the ſix 
the coaſt of the 
tweene the Ca, 
the colde Coun 


Our wats, g chat 
eact:and that the 
gere, ¢ fuch odi⸗ 
t o Wpanparde 
e ſomewhat mil. 
had, we had foone 
hips had gone a. 
x. which with all 
pith bis hand and 
pie with cimans 
ie of deaths¢ fure 
aith eche to other 
ies all was cone 
fea doth require, 
nd on mondap at 
by them feluese 
there partes pio. 
art, ſo che Spans 
them ſelues with 
3. of September 
treaſon being at 
Vaud bending of 
pmpanies of men 
which cauſed ve 
hat was ment by 
cious, e alſo ſent 
Det we being not 
id ma great Kip 
op the matter of 
ch thing wert oꝛ 
tapd our maſter, 
be being ſtricken 
the Sopanyardes 
ir ſhippes which 
ercp, a fee of 
300 men placed 
in the time of the 
Dp to auoide and 
out: thus with 
e Pynion being 
e loſſe of many 
pes that alſaul - 
ith ſome time we 
rfus and the Hy 
ht beganne bott 
oled to be funcke 
ſunke, ſo thatthe 

bis, 


M.fobn Hawkins.3. of the Engliſh nation. 55 


(pips were little to annop vs. 
Chenis it to bee vnoerMood that all the opvinance vpon the Jlande was in the Spanyardes 
bandes, which did vs fo great annopance, tbat it cutt all the Maſtes and pardes of the Je; 
ſus, infuch fore that there was no hope to cary her away: alfo it ſunke our (mall thippes, u dard cate, 
whereupon wee determined to place the Jeſus on that five of the Mynion that thee myghe f 
abine all the batterie from the lande, and ſo be a defence for the Mynion till night, and then 
totake ſuch reliefe of victuall and other neceſſaties from the Jeſus as the time woulve ſul⸗ 
iu bs, and to leaue ber. As wee were thus determining and had placed the Minion from 
the (hott of the lande, ſuddenly the Spanpardes had fired two great ſpippes which were com: 
ming directly with bs, and hauing no meanes to auoide the fire, it bead among our men a Kr. 
maructlous feare , ſo that ſome ſapd, let vs depart with the Minton, other fapde, let vs fee where 
the winde will carrie the fpre from vs. But to bee Hore, the Pynions men which had als 
hayes there faples in a readineſſe, thougbt to make fure woke, and fo without eyther cons 
ſent ol the Captayne oꝛ Bakker cutte their ſayle, fo that verte hardly J was receaued into 
nion. a 
ce mott part of the men that were left a lyue in the Jeſus, made ſbift and followed the Mi⸗ 
nion in a ſmall boat, the reſt which the little boate was nat able to receaue, were infoꝛced to abide 
the merty of the Spanpards (which J doubt was very little )ꝛſo wich the Pinion onely and the Smal hope to 
Judleh (a finall barke of fiftye tunne) wee efcaped, which batke the fame nyght lozſodke vs in bevadottps 
our great myſerie: wee were nowe remooued with the Pynion from the Spanyſhe thippes m donn. 
two bow e ſhootes and there roade all that nygbt: the next mozning wee recouered an Js 
lanve a mple from the Opanpardes where there tooke vs a Mozth winde, and being left 
tnelp with two Ankers and two cables (for in this conflicte wee loſte three Cables and two 
Ankers) wee thought alwayes vpon death which euer was pꝛeſent, but God prcferued vs 
to a longer tyme, 
The weather warevrcafonable, and the Datturdap wee fet ſayle, and hauing a great nom · mal hops ot 
ber of men and lyttle victuals our hope of life waxed lelſe and leſſe: ſome defired to pelde to ltr. 
the Spanyardes, fome rather deſired to obtapne a place where they might giue ehemfelues 
to the Inlidels, and lome had rather abide with a little pittance the mercie of God at Seas Bard chou. 
fo thus with manie ſoꝛowfull hearts wee wandzed in an vnknowen Sea by the ſpate of four⸗ 
teene dayeg, tyll hunger infozced vs to ſeeke the lanve, for hives were thought very good 
mente, tattes, cattes, miſe and dogges none elcaped that myght bee gotten, parrates and opiteries, 
monkapes that were had in great pꝛiſe, were thought there very profitable if they ſerued the 
toutne one dinner: thus iu the ende the eyght dap ol October wee came tothe lande in the werover 1569, 
botome of the fame bay of Mexico in twenty thzee degrees and a halfe where wee hoped to 
hte founde inbabitantes ofthe Spanpardes, reliefe of victualles, and place for the repaire any mige 
of aur ſhippe, which was fo loze beaten with thotte fram our enempes and bzulſed with rs. 
ſhooting ok our owne opdinance, that our weary and weake armes were {carce able to de · 
fende and keepe out the water. But all thinges happened to the contrary, for we founde 
nepther people, victuall, nor hauen of reliefe, but a place where hauing faire weather with 
fome perill we might land a boate: our people being forced with hunger deſired to be {eta land, 
whereunto J concluded. 
And ſuch as were willing to land J put them apart, and ſuch as were deſirous to goe home⸗ 
wards, J put apart, fo that they were indifferently parted a hundzed of one ſide and a hundzed 
of the other fides theſe hundꝛed men we ſet a land with all diligence in this little place befoze ſaid, 
which being landed, we determined there to reſteſh our water, and lo with our lictle re maine of 
victuals to take the Sea. i" 
The next day hauing a lande with me fiftie of our hundzeth men that remained for the (pees 
dier preparing ok our water abooꝛde, there aroſe an extreme ſtoꝛme, ſo that in thzee dapes we N 
would by no meaues repapze our ſhippes: the ſhippe allo was in fuch perill that rut ry houre we The gredeere 
looked fo2 ſhipnnacke. es mifekie or all 
But pet God againe had mercie on vs, ſent faire weather, had aboozde our water, and 
departen the ſixteene dap of October, after which day wee had faire and pꝛoſperous wea⸗ 
cher cill the Uxteene day of Nouember, whith day God be prapfen wee were cleere from « srrenther 
the coat of the Indians, and out of the Chanell and Goulfe of Bahama, which is bes Zhe goutte ot 
tweene the Cape of Florida, and the landes of Cuba, After this growing neere to 
the colde Countrie, our men being oppꝛeſled with 5 died continually, and they that 
i d Eee. 2. were 


The voyages and difcoueries Dauid Ingram, 


were left, grewe into ſuch weakenes that wee were {canclp able to manure our ſbap, and the wn 
being alwaies pil for vs to recouer England, determined to go with Galicia in Dpaine, with 
intent there to releeue our company @ otber extreame wants. And being arttued the laſ bay of 
December ina place neare vnto Vigo called Ponte vedra, our men with exceſſe of frethe mente 
grew into miſer able diſſeaſes, and died a great part of them. Chis matter was bonne out as 

as it might be. but in the end although there was none of our men luffered to goe a lande, pet bp 
acteſſe ofthe Mypanpardes, our feblenes was knowen ta them. Wibereupon they cealleynos to 
leckt by all meanes to betrate vs, but with all fpeede poflible we departed to Vigo, where ue hap 
ſome helpe of certaine Engliſh hips ¢ rit. freth men wherewith we repaired our wants as wet 
might, and departing the xx. day of January 1568. arriued in Mounts bay in Copnewale the rrp, 
of the lame moneth, ppaifed be God therefore, 

Fe all che miſeries and troubleſome affaives of chis ſoꝛomfull voyage ſhould be perfectly an 
tbꝛougbly witten, there ſhould neede a paynfull man with bis penne, and as great a time as bee 
had that pote the liues and deathes ol che martirs. ie 

ohn Hawkins, 


The Relation of Dauid Ingram of Barking, in the Countie of 
Effex Sayler ,of fundry things which he with others did fee,in traueiling by 
land from the moft Northerly partes of the Baie of Mexico (where he with 
many others were fet on ſhoare by Maſter Hawkins)througha great 
part of America, vntill he came within fiftie leagues or 
there abouts of Cape Britton. 


Bout the beginning of October, Anno 1568. Dauid Ingram with the rett of 
bis company being 100. perſons in all, were (et on land by P. John Hawkins, 
about fire Leagues tothe ¶Meſt ofthe riuer La mina, 03 Rio de Minas, which 
F Tandeth about 140. leagues weſt ¢ by. Month from the cape of Florida, who tre 
OWNS eling towards cape Britton, (pent about x a.moneths in the whole, And about 


feuen moneths thereof in thoſe Countries, which lie towards the Mozthofthe 
riuer of May, in which time (as the ſald Ingram thinketh)be traueiled by land two thouſand miles 
at the leaſt, and neuer continued in any one place aboue the op ſoure dapes, ſauing onelp at the 
Citie of Balma, where he ſtapep fire op ſeuen dayes. 5 
Chere are in thoſe partes (ſayth be) very many Rings, commonly within a hundꝛeth op a hun · 
dzeth and twenty miles one from an other, who are at continual warres together: The ſirſt King 
that they came beloze, dwelt in a Countrey called Giricka, who cauſed them to be ſtripped naked, 
and wondzing greatly at the whitenes of their Chins, let them depart without further barme, 
The Kings in thoſe Countries are clothed with painted on colloured garments, and thereby 

Ans u vou may knom them, and they weare great precious tones, which commonly are Rubies, being 
4. inches long, and two inches broad, And if the Came bee taken from them, either by face o 
lleigbt, they are prefently depziued of their kingdomes. 5 

CheBingsin Then they meane to ſpeake with any perfon publikelp, they are al waies carried by men ina 

thete maiehie. ſumptuous ehaire of Siluer 03 Chrital garniſhed with diners ſoꝛtes ol pꝛetious ſtones. 

Ttge maner or And il you will ſpeake with the king at pour fir® approching neere to him, pou mut kneels 

— tbete Dotone on both pour knees, and then ariſe againe and come ſome what neerer him, within pour 
length, tbẽ kneele downe againe as pou did before. Then take of the earth op graſſe between both 
pour hands, killing the backſide of each ol them, and put the earth oz graſle on the crowne of pour 
bead, and fo come, x kiſſe the kings feete, Ahich circumſtances being perfourmed,poumap then 
ile and ſtand bp, and talke with him. i f 

8 The Moble men and ſuch as be in {pecial fauour with the Ring, do commonly weare feathers 

mm. in the haire of their heads foz the mot part, ol a Byꝛde, as bigge au a goole of rulſet collour. And 
this is the beſt marke that this Ingram can giue to know him by. 

Pearle, Chere is in ſome of hole Countries great aboundance of pearle,fop in euery cottage he found 
pearle,infomeboules a quart, in ſome a pottle, in ſome a pecke, moje 0} lefle, where he did kee 
fomeas great as a beane. And Richard Browne one of bis companions, found one of 
great pearles in one of their Canoes 0} boats, which pearle be gaue to Mounſier Campain, whe 
tooke them aboard his (htp,and brought them to Newhauen in france, 

22 Auche people generally do weare PPanilios op Byacelecs, as big asa mans finger, pont 


he people co 

lig ſomewhat ct 
fonewhat taunie 
foote, the hatre ol 
In the South 
wities are couered 
ofthe palme tree. 
being next to thei 
Cbey are fo bʒu 
Chep are natur 
but ble them cour 
lende them, exce 
hennes, oz ſuch lib 


Tkanp of then 


on both fives, ther 
map be. 
any of them 
that bee is a Mel 
theking, od any u 
muyes either Cnt 
Itpou will ba 
lake, fo) that is 
Ak pou will bat 
and go from it a 
will giue foz it in 
poulike it nat, a 
moje. Other toile 
it, untill you hau 


they make of bea 
With willowe tt 
Their weapor 
lung, which are f 
They haue all 
tones are of bon 
{mall force withi 
They haue the 
bearing edges th 
They baue cr 
vill carue excell 
Their Enligr 
colours, as red, v 
The people ir 
Canibals doe mo 
and thereby pot 


undo ſome wood 
-popfoned arrow 


Their buildin 
les, and they doe 
bouſes in the top 
mdchypſtall, frat 
tage, and ſome 

This Ingran 


n Hawkins, 


Ountie of 
tiling by 
with 

at 


with the relt of 
ohn Hawkins, 
Minas, which 
lorida, who tra» 


bole, And about 
he Mozthofthe 
thouſand miles 
ngonelp at the 


ts, and thereby 
Rubies, being 
ther bp force o 


ed by men ina 
ftones, | 

ou mutt kneels 
n, within pour 
e between both 
rotwne of pour 
, po map then 


weare feathers 
et colour. And 


ttage he found 
here he did let 
bone of thele 
Dampain, whe 


iger, vpon each 
of 


Daud Ingram. of the Englifh nation. 558 


ichen — the like on the ſmall of eche of their legs, whereof commonly one is golde 
two liluer. 
ba many of the women alfo doe weare plates of golde, coutring their bodies in maner of a 
of curets, and many tnatelets and chaines of great pearie. Curets of 
a people commonly are of good fauour, feucer e ſbape of body, ot grotech aboue fiue foote he faucnr 
Hab ſome what thicke, with their faces and Chins of colour like an oliefe and coward the North — — 
fomerwhat taumie, but Come of them are painted with divers colours, chey are berp fuift ok 
foote, the haire of their heads is ſbauen in ſund y pots, and the reñ ol their head is traced. 
In che South partes of theſe couutreps they go all naked, ſauing that the Noble mens p)t: pancd yeopts 
wities are couered with the necke of a goonde, and the womens priuities with the hayze oz leafe 
ofthe palme tree. But in the Moth partes they are clothed with beattes Ching , the baypic five 
being next to their bodies in winter. 
Chepare fo hutiſh ¢ beaſtly, that they wil not fopbeare the vle of their wines in open prefence. S d 
Chep are naturally verp courteous, if pou do not abuſe them, either in their perſons 07 goods, yroyte cours 
hut fe them courteouſiy. The killing oz taking of their beaſis, birds, ſiſhes, oz fruites cannot of. ons. 
ende nen K 1185 it be of their tatteil which they keepe about their houles 926 Kine, Guinie 
hennes, on ſuch like. 


Alkaup of them doe holde bp boch their bands at length together, and kills the backt of chem % — ved 


on both ſides, then pou map vndoubtedly truſt them, lo it is the greateſt token ol kriendſhip that 


may be. 

Nmp of them (hal come vnto you muh a hoplecaite in bis band then you map allure pour ſelft f ann Te ng 
that hee is a Peſſenger ſrom the Ring and to him pou may ſalely commit pour perfon,o go to 
theking, oz any where els, o bp him ſend any thing oz meflage to the king. Fon thefe men are ale 
mapeseither Enligne bearers in the wurres, on che kings mellengers who wil neuer betrap pou, J am 

Gf pou will haue any of the people come aboꝛde pour chip, hang out ſome white cloth vyon a eat. 
lulle, fo) that is a ſigne of amitie. peach. 
Irpou will bargaine fop ware with them, leaue the thing that pou will fell vyon the ground, Cpemaner of 
anh go from it a ppeccie way of: chen dal they come and kalte tt and fet botune (uch waren an they zar dan wu 
will giue foz it inthe place: And if pou thinke it not ſuflicient, leaue the wares with ſignes that wem. 
poulike it nat, and they will bring moze, vntill either they oz vou be ſatiſſted, 07 will giue no 
moe. Other wiſe pou may hang pour wares vpon a long poles end, and fo put moze 03 leſſe on 
tt, vntill you haue agreed on the bargaine. 
ben they goe to che warres , chep march in battell aray two and thyer in a ranck. . 
Their Trumpets they doe make of certaine beats teeth, they haue a kinde of Opum which cet. 
thep make of beattes Ching,thep make ſhields and Targets of the Ching of beattes , conpaſled ne Rete 
wich willowe twigs,and being dried, chep are ſtrong and defenſible. fruments fos 
Their weapons are dartes, headed with pron,che heads are two fingers bond, and halfe afoot r. 
long, which are fattened within a focket. 
Chey baue alſo (hope bowes, trung wich p barke of trees, being halle an ynch o ad, e che ars 
towes are of bone, a parde long, nocked and headed with ſiluer ¢ bone, and their arrowes are of 
finall force within a ſtones caſt of them, and pou may put them by with a ſtalſe a precie wap off, 
They baue (hore broad ſwoꝛdes of blacke pron of che length ol a parde, oꝛ very neere an elle, 
hearing edges thicker then backs of kniues, ſome what like the foples in our fence ſchooles. 
They haue crooed kniues of pron, ſome what like a wocd knife, 0) hanger, wherewith they 
will tarue excellently both in wood and bone, 
Their Enligue is a hore taile, with glaile oz Chhiſtall informe of them being oped in ſund y 
colours, as red, vellom, greene, ec. g 
The people in thoſe Countreps are oleſſen enemies to the Canibals op men eaters: Che Canibals. 
Canibals doe moſt inhabite betweene Norumbega, ¢ Bariniah, they haue teeth like dogs teeth, 
and thereby pou may know them. In the warres chey doe pitch their campe as necreag they may 


the 


a — fome wood of Palme tree, which peelve them meate, winke, and pꝛeſent remedy agaiuit 
popſoned arrowes. 
„Their buildings are weake and of (mall force, cheir bouſes art mave round like Doue hous r bs 


les and they doe Dwell together in Townes and Uillages. And ſome of them haue banqueting 
boules in the top of them, made like the loouer ofa ball , builven with pillars of maſſie Mluer, 
ad chypſtall. framed ſquare: whereof many of them are as big as a bopes leg of fifteene peered 
il age, and fome lefte, 
This Ingram did alfo fee diuers Cownen and Uillages, ag Gunda, 4 Comme a flight Comes ane 
Ete 3 ſhoote 


The voyages and diſcoueries Dauid Ingram, 


„ . ͤ⁵ͤblßbß.. XKÄ„&?˙½»é3ñ36ß., eae meee eae 


Weſſels of 
mallle ſiluer, 
fo} common 
bies. 

Gols in the 
heads vf Ri · 


Rocks of chu · 
Rall, 


Fine Furres. 


Swweete turfe 
toburne, 


fhoote in length. 

Ochala, a great Cowne a mile long. 

Balma, a rich Citie,a mile and a halle long. 

Bega, a Countrep, and Tome of that name, three quarters ot a mile long, where are go 
More of Dre hives, 

Saguanah,a Comne almoſt a mile in length. 

Bariniah, a Citie amile and à quarter long: Allo chere is a River and a Toone ol chu 
name, but leſſe then the ſiiſt aboue named. 

Gunda, aſmall Cowne and a Niuer, both ok that name. And this is the molt Notherly 
part, that this Ingram was at. 

There are beſides thoſe Townes afoꝛenamed, many other great Townes twhich this Ingram 
paſled by, commonly diſtant ſir⁊ 02 eight miles one from the other, which haue diners ſmall tid 
lages within eigbt oz ten miles from them. 

They haue in euerp houſe (coupes, buckets, and diners other veſſels of maſſie ſiluer, where. 
with they doe throws out water and duſt, and other miſe doe implop them to their neceflary ble 


in thett houſes: All which this Ingram did {ee tommon and vſuall in ſomeot theſe Countreps, 


eſpeciallp where he found the great Bearles. 

There are allo great tiuers, at the heads whereo, this Ingram ¢ his companions did find funs 
dp pieces of golde, (ome as big as a mans fiſt, the earth being waſhed away with the water. 

And in other places, they did {ee great rockes of Chꝛpſtal, which grewe at the heads of great 
and many Rivers, being in quantitie to loade ſhippes. 

There are alfo in thole partes, plentie of fine Furres, vnknowen te this Ingram, mellen af: 
ter the maner of the Countrep, nt 

The people there do burnea kind of white Curte oꝛ earth, which they dig out of the marithes, 


a afavome vecpe iu the ground. It bumett very cleare, ans Srelleth as ſwerte as muſke, and that 


earth is as wholeſome, weete, and comfoztable, to ſmell vnto, as any Pomander. They do make 
their ſire of this earth fop the ſweetnes thereof, hauing great aboundante of wood. 


S ben they want ſire, they take bꝛiers and tub them verp hard together betweene their fits, 
ofhindting fire an ges 


Iron and 
Mineral fale. 


The fertilitie 
of the ſople. 


Plaines. 


Great woods. 
almes. 


Cloſes and pa · 
ſtures. 


The Walne 
tes, 


Rare 


d fo with bard and often rubbing they kindle and make fire. 

They haue great plentie of Iron, and there is alſo great plentie of minerall ſalt, in the mariſh 
ground which looketh rendith, a thing neceſlary forthe great liſhings neere the fea fone, which 
are there aboundant, and the lich very large and huge. 

The ground ¢ Countrey is moſt excellent, fertile and pleaſant, ꝶ {pecially towards the Riuer 
of May. Foꝭ the graſſe of § ret is not ſo greene, as it is in theſe parts foꝛ the other is burnt away 
with thꝛ heate ofthe Sunne. And as all che Countrey is good and moſt delicate, hauing great 
plaines, as large ¢ as fapre in many places as map be ſetne, being as plaine as a board: Andthen 
great æ huge woods of ſundꝛy kind of trees, as cevar,Lignum vitę, Bombaſſe, plants & bulſhes, 
bark that biteth like Nepper, (of which kind, yong M. Winter bzougbt home part from p Avatahe 
of Magelane) with the fruitful Palme tree, ¢ great plentic of other ſweete trees to this Ingram 
vuknowen. And after that plaines againe, and in other places great cloſes of paſture, enuironed 
with moſt delicate trees, in ſteav of hedges: they being as it were fet by the hands of men: Pet 
the beg graſſe kon the mot part is in the high Countries, ſomewhat farre from the Sea ſide and 
great Riuerg, by reaſon that the lo we grounds there be ſo rancke, that the gralſe groweth fatter 
then it can be eaten, whereby che olde graſſe lieth witherenchicke, and the newe gralſe growing 
through it. Ahereas in the vpper partes, the graſſe and ground 1a moſt excellent and greene, 
The ground not being ouercharged with any olde withered graſſe, as ts afore (pecificd, 

The Palme tree afozeſayd tarieth hayꝛes on the leaues thereof, which reach to che ground, 
LAlbereot the Indians doe make ropes and coꝛds foy their Cotten bers, and doe vſe the fame to 
many other purpoſes. 1 singed % 

The which Tree, if pou micke with pour knife, about two foote fram the roote, it will peelde 
Mine in colour like bey, but in taſte Qrang and ſome what like Battard, which is mot extel 
dent dꝛinke. But it wil diſtemper both pour head and body, if pou dzinke tos much thereol, as out 
ſtrong Mines wil doe in theſe partes. Nat 


be hꝛantches of p cop ofp tree, are moſt excellent meat ram after pou haue pared away bark. 


ofthe 
pai Alſo there is a red ople that commeth out off reote of this tree, which is moſt excellent again 
oben r poiſoned arrewes ¢ wen. ong: fo) by it chep doe retouer themſelues of their poyſonen wounds, 


bots 


Chere is a tree called a Plautine, with a fuicegrowing on it like a pudding, which is nul 
excellent meate rate, 1155 ö 


Cher 


Ba 


They baue a 


eth on ſho 
— Raifin, { 
keepe in ve 
a baue 
There is al 
cours in 
Allo, they ba 
Grainc is like ¢ 
. Chepdoc all 
fmallas they ci 
here is alſo 
Herbe Dare 
moft part being 
great ſtope of t 
pauing long ea 
ded like Rams 
Che ives okt 
male and f 
Chere is alſo g 
nate knoweth 
stcourfe wool 
iterding latte 
at night, vntill 
but alter they b 
ialome 500,88 
Saint Parie,s 
Moolues, T 
nies both whit 
Chis Cran 
savin poportt 
towards the bit 
lung growing 
ee did alſo 
Seange Beat | 
bishhealt. Thie 
lea Rat full 
Cbpere are i 
we alſs Birds 
Cbere are gre 
10 big as Geet 
leda Flaming 
ind is very go 
seth the Niuer 
wings are cou 
lke ſheepe: T 
fone the Count 
allo in vſe vine 
Bird ehnile as 
Peacockes fee 
dis head and tl 


id Ingram, Daud yngram. of the Englifh nation. 560 
They baue alfo a red berry like a Peſcod, called Guyathos, two op chee ynches long, which 
groweth on hort buthes full of pricks like the Sloe op Thome tree, and the fruite eateth like a 
Nailin, but Harper ſome what: They Rampe this berrp and make (Cline thereof, which 
stabere are gu they keepe in veſlels made of wood. 
Chey baue alfo in many places, ines which beare Grapes as big as a mans thumbe. mines with 
There is alſo great plentie of herbes, and of all kinde of flowers, as Roſes, and Gilicflow⸗ Mins de ag 


a Towne of char ere like ours in England, and many others which he knewe not. flowers. 
Allo, they haue a kinde of Graine, the eare whereof is as big as the wyiſt of a mans arme: the oraine, 
mold Noꝛtherhy Grainc is like a flat peale, it maketh very good bread and white. 

Be =. Shepdoc alſo make bꝛead of the roote callen Caſſaua, which they doe opie, and beate it as Wend ot a 
ahich this Ingum fall as they can, and temper it with water, and fo bake it in cakes on a fone, Caffaba, 
Divers ſmalſ Al Shere is alſo great plenty of Buffes, Beares, Hoꝛſes, Rine, IMoolues, Foxes, Deare, Goats, means ot am⸗ 

Hbeeve, Dares , Tonies: Alſo other cattell like ours, to this Examinate vnknowen, the dir kmoes. 
lie ſiluer, where molt part being We 7s the ſhides and Chinnes of them are good Marchandize. There is very 
ete neceflary biog great tore of thoſe Waffles, which are bealts as big as two Oren, in length almoſt twentie foot, 50 7 N 
thefe Countrepz, bauing long cares lite a Blood hound, with long baires about their eares, their bones be croo⸗ ume 
8 kedlike Rams hoꝛnes, their epes blacke, their haires long, blacke, rough, e ſhagged as a Goat: 
nons did find lun Che hives ok theſe beatts are ſolde very deare, this Bealt doeth keepe compante orelp bp cous 
ch the water, ples male and female. e docth alwapes fight with others of the fame kinde when they do meete. 
be heads of great Chere is alſo great plentie of Deare both red, white, and ſpeckled. This laſt fore this Exami⸗ Pratt. 
; natehnoweth not. There is alſo great plentie of another kinde of Sbeepe which carie a kinde Speeve bras 
gram, dxeſſed afe stcourle wooll: This Oheepe is very good meate, although the fleſh be very red. They are the teh red. 
a interding fatte, and ok nature loth to riſe when they are laid, which is alwayes from five a clocke 
Cof the marithes, at night, vntill ſiue a clocke in the moꝛning: betweene which time pou map cafilp kill them, 
8 muſtke, and that but alter they be on foote they are very wilde, ¢ reſt not in one place, but line together in hear ds, 
r. They do make fafoine 500. as it happeneth, moze op leſſe: And theſe red Sheepe are moſt about the Bay of 
0D, Saint Marie, as this Examinate geſſeth. There are Beares boch blacke and white. There are 
weene their fits, Moolues, The Fores haue their Ring moze grilled then ours in England. Chere are Cos 
ses both white and red, and grey in euery place great plentic. N 
ſalt, in the marith Chis Examinate did alſofee in thoſe Countries a Monſtrous beaſttwile as big as an Poꝛſe, in trange 
e ſea thope, which un in pꝛopoztion like to an Hozſe, both in maine, hoole, haire, and neighing, ſauing it was mall . 
towards the hinder partes like a Grey hound. Theſe Beaſts hath two teeth oꝛ hoꝛnes of a foote 
wards the Riuer long growing ſtraight fooꝛth by their noſethilles: they are naturall enemies to the Worle, 
er is burnt away hee did alſo fee in that Couutrey both Elephants and Dunces, Mee vid alſo {ee one other Eteydants 
te, hauiug great Grange Bratt bigger then a Beare, he had neither bead noꝛ necke: his eyes and mouth were in 2x range ſba⸗ 
a board: Andthen i habheaſt. This beaſt is very ugly to beholde, and cowardly of kinde. It be areth a very fine Lkin ven Beat. 
plants & buſſhes, Uhea Nat, full of ſiluer haires. : 
tt from p dlraighe Cbpere are in thole Countries abunvance of Nulſet Parrots, but very fewe greene, There unget was 
8 to this Ingram ce alſo Birds of all forces as we haue, and many ſtrange Birds to this Eraminate vnknowen. e 
alkure, enuironer 5 Tbere are great plenty ol Guinie hennes which are tame Birds and proper to the Inhabitants, dung. 
WS of men: Pet a big as Geeſe, bery blacke of colour, hauing feathers like Downe, There is allo a Bird cal? Sumie hens. 
the Sea ſide, and lied Flamingo, whole feathers are very red, and is bigger then a Goole, billed like a Shouell, a rep Bub. 
le graweth fatter in is very good meate. There is alſo another kinde of Foule in that Countrey which buns 
graſſe growing seth the Niuers neere vnto the Jlands: They are of the ſhape and bigneſſe of a Goole but their 
lent and greene, wings are couered wich (mall yelowe ſeathers and cannot fite: Nou may dꝛiue them before pou 
pecificd, lke ſheeye: They are exceeding latte and very delicate meate, they haue white heads, and there: 
h coche ground, ſmethe Countrey men call them Penguins ( which ſeemeth to be a Lllelſh name.) And they haue Penguins. 
e bſe the ſame t Alo tavſe diuers ocher Melih woꝛds, a matter worthy the noting. There is alſo a very ſtrange 
** Bird chile as big as an Eagle, very beautifull to beholde, bis feathers are mope ozient then a % great trage 
ote, it will peelde Peacockes feathers, his eyes are gliſtering as an Hawkes eyes, but as great as a mans tyes, 
ich is moſt excels dis head and thigh as big as a mans head and chigh: It hatha creſt and tutte of feathers of fins 
ch thereof, as dur y colours on the top ofthe head like a Lapwing hanging backwards: Mis beake and talents in 
a Nopoztion like Egles, but very huge and large. 
red away ß bark, Touching Cempetts and other range monſtrous things in thole partes, this Examinate ceuiSete, 
excellent again lunch, that be bath ſeene it Lighten and Thunder in fornmer feafon by the pace ol foure ten ⸗ 
ſoned wounds. tie houres together: the caule whereof he iudgeth to be the heate of the Climate. 


, which is nul he farther faith that there is a Cloud ſometime or the peere ſeene in the apre, whichtommon⸗ Furitanos. 


chr turneth to great Temnelts. And that ſometimen ol the peeve there are great wunde in monet Tumadas. 
0 


Cheir maner 
of 


Aduiteriepus 
niched with 


Eheir maner 
of Burials, 


5 tne 


Hiluer in ers 
change of 
endes. 


* 
5 * 


561 lb be voyages and diſcoueries Dauid Ingram: 


with them: but ſuch as die naturally, baue alwayes buried quicke with them one of their dearest 


Sonne 
Countrets, 


of Uhirlewundes. 3 

Couching their Religion, he ſaich that they bono} fo, their God a Deuil, which they tall Col. 
luchio, who fpeakcth vnts chem Comsegiinies in the likenelle of a blacke Dogge, and fometimes 
in the likeneſle of a blacke Calle. . , 

And fome doe bono the Dunne, che Moone, and the Ptarres, 

He laith p ebe people inchole Countries are allowed many Titiues, ſome fiue,fome tenne,¢ a 
king Cometimes an hundzedꝛ And p Adulterie is bery ſeuerelp puniſhed in maner following shar 
is ta ſap: The woman taken in adulterie, mul with her owne hands cut p thꝛote of the Avultercr, 
and the next of bis kindzed doch like wiſe cut z thꝛote of the Adulterelſe. And being afkedin what 
maner they take their executions he faith: C hat they are bought to execution by certaine Magi 


rates, who do deliner vnto j woman the knife, wherewith the cutteth $ thote of the Adulterer. 


Then appeareth their Colluchio oꝛ Deuil, in the likeneſſe afopefaio, and ſpcaketh vnto them, 
and to that Deuil the parties bought to execurion doe great reuerence, and with manp prayers 
to it doe take their death. ; ; 

He laith that luch per ſons as are put to death in (uch Cort, haue not any of cheir friends buriey 


ſhꝛancke away in a ſtealing maner forth of the dooꝛes, and was ſeene no mage vnto them. 


ereat iets. Alſo they paſſed ouer many great Rivers in thofe Countries, in Canoes 07 Boates: fome 


foure, ſome fire, ſome eigbt, ſome tenne miles ouer: where ok one was lo large, that they coulde 
ſcarſe croſſe the fame in foure and twentie houres. 

Allo he faith , that inthe fame Countrie, the people haue inſtruments ot Muſicke made ofa 
piece ofa Cane, almoſt a foote long, being open at both endes: which fitting downe, they (inite 
vpon their chighes and one of their handes, making a pleaſant kind of found, 

And they do vſe an other kind of inſtrument like a Taber, couered with a white fhinne [ome 
what like Parchment, 

Chis Examinate can very well deſcribe their geltures, daunting, and fongs, 

After long trauaile, the afo;eſaide Dauid Ingram with his two companions Bꝛowne and 
Tide, came to the bead of a riuer called Garinda, which is 60. Leagues Welk frõ Cape Byles 
ton: where they vnderſtood by the people of that Countrep of 5; arriuall of a Chpittian Chere: 
vpon they made their repaire to the Sea fide, and there found a French Captaine named Moa- 
ſieur Champaigne, who tookethem into bis Sbippe and bꝛought them vnto Mewhauen, x from 
thence they were tranſpoꝛted into England, Anno. Dom. 1569. ; 

Chis Monfieur Campaigne, with diuers of his companie was brought into 5 Tillage of Ba» 
riniah, about twentie miles bp into the Countrie bp p ſaid Examinate and his two Companions, 
by whole meanes he had a trade with the people ot diuers foptes of fine furres, & of great redde 
Icaues oftrees almoſt a pard long, æ about a foote hꝛoade, which be thinketh are good fo; dying, 

Allo the ſatd Monſieur Champaigne, hab there fo exchange of trifling wares, a goon quante 
tie of rude, and wong ſiluer. \ 

ae faieh further, chat Diners of the laid Frenchmen which were in the ſald Shippe called the 
Gargarine, are pet living in Womflenne vpon the coatt of Frante, as he thinketh, fo he dip fpeake 
with lome of them within theſe thee peeres. 

About a fourtnigbt alter chete comming from ewbauen into England, this ſalde Exam. 
nate and his two companions came to matter John Dawkins, who had (ee them on hore vpon 
the Bate ol Mexico, and vnto eche of them he gaue a reward. 

Richard Bꝛowne bis companion was flaine about fue peeres paſt in the Elisabeth of matter 
Cocking cf London: And Richard Tiwive his other cõpanion died at Ratcliffe in John Bhere 
woods houle there, about thice peeres patt, 

Gwando. Ja a monde of Salucation,as among vn: Good moꝛrowe, Good euen, 

God laue pou oꝝ ſuch like. 

Caticona. A Ring. 

Caraccona, Loy, 
Fons. 


‘Hikes Pb 


ilthole people, J 


Adifcour 


Wherein is fhev 
number, and 


dealing vpon 


N. Francis Dꝛ 
ler of the Swalle 
age vutill the tei 
fer, which dure 
nuther, and on 
bopage, and to r. 
andthe winde ce 
Gao fo commin:; 
coydingy to an on 
33 
tur courfe, vpot 
Aftica, at cape \ 


| Ingram 


bebep tall Col. 


p certaine 


DF the Adulterer, 


aketh vnto them, 
b Many pꝛapers 


r friends buried 
eof their denel 


2 very great 


lythe Colluchio 
to them, 

0? Boates: fome 
that they coulde 


uſicke made ofa 
o wne, they finite 


vite ſkinne fome 


ns Brotone and 
i fr Cape Byles 
hniſtian. IAbere⸗ 
ine named Mon- 
pwhauen,¢ from 


p Uillage of Ba 
10 Companions, 
t of great redde 
good fo; dying. 
, à good quant 


hippe talled the 
foz he did Speake 


is ſaide Exam 
m on hore vpon 


zabeth of matter 
in John Dhere 


we, Good euen, 


Fona. 


shige 


r 


wey 


Carmugnar. The Pꝛiuities. 


Fona. Bzead. 
3 Camu The Dunne. 


3 


Allo the fayd Dauid Ingram traueiling cowardes the Ronth, fonnd che maine (ea vpon the ape maine 
of America, and trauaile in the fight thereof the fpace of two whole dayes, where . 
depeople fignéften nto bim, that they bad feene ſhippes an that coaſt, and did diam vpon the of ef. 
grounvtbe bape and figure of ſhippes, anv of cheir ſnilen and flaggeg. Uhich thing elpectally 
the pallage of the Nojthwelt, and is agreeable to the experiente of Vaſques de Corona- 
do, which found a ſhippe of China o; Cataia bponthe Noꝑthweſt of America. 


Allo the fapd examinate ſapth, chat there is an Gland called Corrafau, and there are init fiue goratun 


mfisthoufand Judtans at the leat, and all chofe are gouerned by one onelp Negro, tobo is but An. 

aflaue to a Spaniard, And mozeouer the Spanpardes will fend but one of thett ſlaues with an 

zunmed op two hundzed of the Indians, when they goe to gather golde in. the Rivers veſten · 
fromthe mountaines. And when they (hal be abſent by the {pace of twentie op thirty dayes 

atthe leaſt, euery one ol the Indians will neuertheleſle obey all the Blaues commaunvements 

nuch as grrat reuerence, as if he were their naturall King, although there be neuer a Chniltian 

itte them by the (pace of an hundzed op two hundzed miles: which argueth the grea: obedience 

of thole people, and hom ealily they map be gouerned when they be once conquered, 


Adiſcourſe written by one Miles Phillips Englifhman, one of 
the company put a fhore in the VV eit Indies by M. Iohn Hum bins in the 


yeere 1 5 6 8.contayning many ſpeciall things of that countrie and of the 
Spanifh gouernement, but {pecially of their cruelties vied to our 
Englifhmen,and amongft the reſt to himſelfe for the ſpace of 
15. or 16. yeeres together, vntill by good and happy 
meanes he was deliuered from their bloody 
hands and returned to his owne 
countrie. Anno. 15 8 2, 


The firſt Shapter. 


Wherein is fhewed the day and time of our departure from of the coaſt of England, with the 
number, and names of the fhippes, their Captaines and Maſters, and of our traffique and 
dealing vpon the coaſt of Africa. 


[as = Soe) Pon Munday being the ſecond of October, 15 67, the weather being reas 
AT ſonable fapze, our Generall . John Hawkins, hauing commaunded all 
el bis captaines and matters to be in a reabineſſe to make ſaple with bim, bee Chis heete, 
PAN bimlelke being imbarked in che leſus, whereof was appointed for Matter, 6 pees 
@/|| Robert Barret, hoyſep ſaple, and departed from Plymmoth vpon his ins cn 
eended vopage for the parts of Africa, ꝶ America, being accompanied with 3 ape Wii 
due ocher faple of thippes, as namely the Mynion, wherein went fo) Cap. an 2 
Mater John Hanpton, and Jobn Garret Maſter. Che William and Iohn, wherein was 5 che Zngel, 
Captaine Thomas Bolton, and James Raunce Patter, The ludith, in whome was Captaine 6 Toe Swale 
®, Francis Drake nom knight, and the Angel whole Maſter, as alſotbe Captaine and a? 
fer of the Swallow J now remember not. Aud ſo layling in companie together vpon our voy⸗ 
age bucill the tenth of the fame moneth, an extreame ſtoꝛme then tooke vs neert vnto cape Fini- 
ler, which duted fo) the {pace of foure dapes, and ſo ſeparated our ſhippes, that wee bad lot one 
mother, and our General finding the Ieſus to be but in pil cafe, was in minde to giue ouer the 
bopage, and to returne home, Vowbeit the eleuenth of the fame moneth the ſeas waxing calme, 
mathe winde comming fayze, be altered his purpole, and helde on the foꝛmer entended voyage: 
Gnd fo comming tu the Blandeof Gomera being one of the lands of the Canaries, where ace 
toding to an oꝛder before appopnted, we met withall our ſbippes which were befoze diſperſed, 
wee then tooke in freth water and departed from chence the feurth of JQouember,and holding on 
our courfe, vpon the eightenth day of the ſame moneth we came to an anker vpon the coatte of 
Aftica, at cape Verde in twelue fadomt water, and here dur Oentrall landed certaine of our 
’ men, 


563. The voyages d difcoueries 


men, to the number of 160 oʒ there about, ſeeking to take ſome JRegroes, And the 

to the countrey loꝛ the (pace of dix miles, were iucountred witha ans number ofthe Ate 
who with their znuenomed arrowes did burt a great number of our men, ſo that they were ulm 
ted to retyꝛe ta the ſpippes. in which conflict they recouered but a fewe Megroes, and ol thele 
dur men which were bust with their enuenomer arrowes, there died to the number of 7, 0) dn 
vety Grange maner, with their mouths ſhut, ſo that we were forced to put ſlickes ¢ other thing 
into their mouths to keepe them open, ſo afterward pafling the tune vpon the coaſt of Guinea 

vntill the twelft of Januarie, we obteined by that time the number of 150 Negroes. And being 
ready to depart from the {ea coat, there was a. Megro ſent as an Amballadour to our General 

from a King of the Negroes, which was oppꝛeſſed with other Rings his bozdering mig 
hours, deſiring our Generall to graunt him luccour and apde ogainſt thoſe his tnemiis, which 
our Generall graunted vnto, and went bimſelle in perfon a land, with the number of 200 of ou 
men oz thereabouts, and the ſapde Ring which bad requeſted cur apde, did ioyne his fopce nich 
ours, ſo that thereby our Generall alſaulted, and {et fyꝛe vpon a towne of the (apd Ring bis ene. 
mies, in which there was at the leaſt the number ol 8 oz ro thouſand MNegroes, and they pertei⸗ 
ung chat they were not able to make anp reſiſtance fought by flight to ſaue themfelucs iu which 
their flight tbere were taken prifoners to the number of 8 oꝛ 900, which our Generall ought 
baue bad for his ſhare: bowbeit the Negro King which requeſted our apde fallifying bis woyre 
and pꝛomile, ſecretlp in the night conuapen himlelfe away with as many pꝛiloners as hee had in 
bis cuſtodie: but our Generall notwithanding finding himfelfe to haue nowe very nere the 
number of 500 Negroes thought it beſt without longer abode to Depart with them, and ſuth 
marchandizeas he had ftomthe coaſt of Africa towardes the weft Indies, and therefore commane 
ded with all Diligence to take in krelh water and fewel, and fo with fpeede to prepare to depart, 
owbeit before me departed from ehence, in a ſtoʒme that we had, we loft one of our ſbiys nam 
lie the William and John, of which hip and ok her people, we heard no tidings during the time 


of our voyage. 
a The 2, Chapter, 

Wherein is ſhewed the day and time of our departure from the coaſt of Aſrica, wich the day 
andtime ofour arriuall in the Weſt Indies, alſo of our trade, and traffike there, and alfoof 
the great crueltie that thé Spaniards vſed towards vs, by the Vice-Roy his direction, and 
appointment, falſifying his faith and promiſe giuen, and ſeeking to haue intrapped vs, 


eae Li things being made in areadineſſe, at our Generall his appointment, v 
8 9 , the third dap of Febzuarie, 1568. we departed from the coaſt of Atha Gag 
7), the weather ſame what tempeſtuous, which made our paſſage che mozehard and 
AN ſapling ſo foꝛ the {pace of 25. dayes, vpon the 27. of March, 1568. we came in 
DAN fight of an Alaud, called Dominica vpon the coaſt of America in the Wel Ju. 
dies, ſituated 7 14. degrees of latitude, and 222. of longitude: from thence our 


Generall coaſted from place co place, euer making craffike with the Spaniards, and Indians 
as be might, which was ſomewhat hardly abcapned;fop that the king bap fraightlp charged all 
his gnuernours in thoſe partes not to trade with anp: pet notwithſtanding, during the moneths 
45 pꝛil, and Map, our General had reaſonable trade and traffike, and curteous entertainement 
in Heer at Margarita, Coraſsao, and els wbere, til we came to Cape de la vela, ſ Rio 
de Hacha, (a place from whence allthe pearles doe come:) the gauernour there would not bp & 
np meanes permit vs to haue any trade o; traffike, noz pet {uffer vs to take in frech water: By 


meanes whereokaur Generall fo the auopding ol famine @ tbirſt about the beginning of June, 


was enfopced to lande two hundzeth of our men, and ſo by maine foꝛce and ſtrength ca obtame 
that which by no faire meanes he coulde procures And ſo recouering the — the lolſe 
of two of out men, there was a ſecrete and peateable trade admitted, and the Spaniards came 


in by night, and bought of our Negroes tu the number of two hundzeth and vpwards, andel 


dur other marchandize alſo. From thence we departed for Carthagena, where the Oouernout 


was fo ſtraight, that we coulde not obteine anp traffike there, and ſo fo; that dur trade W 


neere ſiniſhed, our Generall thought it belt to depart from thence the rather for the auoiding 
of certaine dangerous ſtoʒmes called the Huricanos, which atcuſtomed to 7 there about 
that time ol the peere, and ſo the 24. of July 1568, wee departed from thence directing dur 
courle Noꝛth, leauing the lands of Cuba vpon our right hand, tothe Eaſt ward of vs. and fa 
Phew Sree age Florida, bponthe 12 of Auguſt, an extreme tempett atofe, which durt fo the 
(aceol eight dapeg in which our Ching were mol dangeroullip tolled e beaten hither, ¢ wiede, 
pools 0 


Miles Phil. 


beit our Ocncra 
which by sepore t 
tur General his 
with be bad bete 
fapedtwonten 
Don Pedro de F 
thyericore league 
afavech as our 4) 
that therefore he 
Rune, and quiet 
ariuall of the 2 
there migbt no 
each of amitie 
fome ſpeciall o 
it being the very 
moneth, we deſc 
un the king of 
pereof, ol our be 
fhoulve enter che 
Gencrals ſome t 
peace berweene 
dudat this inſtat 
that ik he ould! 
ile to doe with 
Ioffe or all their { 
trotones, Agar 
tife bp all maner 
that the other fle 
that if their fleet 
baue done fo, th 
waighie a cauf 
aflurance, and f 
which we were 
Martine de Hen 
nie to commiat 
did certific our | 
and our Douct 
fourmed : ſigni 
our General, t 
the lade pozte 
1 Che firl 
deres, as mig 
2 The fecor 
3 The thir 
Fawbich Blan 
ted tertaine ox 
might fo contt 


— Seny | j = 7 ope 2 2 
5 Phillips Miles Phillips. ofthe Englifh nation. 
—— e in continuall feare to bee Downed bp reaſon of the ſhallowneſſe of che coatte, 
d thep gong wn — sence were confrapned to fice fo} ſuccour to the pope of S. John de Vilua, 0) Ve- 
FoF the arknen Cruz, fcituated in 19 degrees of latitude, and in 200, ſeuentie nine degtees of longitude 
at they were inf | debt the pozte that lerueth fop the citie of Mexico: in our ſteking to tecouer this pozte our 
toes, and Of ihele Fentralimet by the wap, three linall ſbippes that caryev paſſengers, which hee tooke with him, 
mber ol 7. 8. aanfo the lirtenth of September, 15 68 wee entred the ſayde pozt of S. lohn de Vllua. The 
fs K other things Spaniards there ſuppoſing vs to haue bene the King of Spapnes flecte, the chiele officers of 
ecoaſt of Gut, thecountrep there abouts came pꝛeſently aboꝛde our Generall, where perceiumg themſelues 
ofa Ano being dme made an vnwiſe aduenture, they were in great feare to haue bene taken and daped: hows 
pp ous Cetra pit our General did vſe them all very turtevullpꝛin the ſapd porte there were twelue Chippes, 
boybering ueighy which by tepoꝛt had in them in treaſure to the valem of 200 thouſand pound, all which being in 
b ecnemies, which tur General his power and at his deuotion, he did freelp ſet at libertie, as alſo the paſſengers 
W which be bad befoze Raped, not taking from anp of them all the valewe of one groate: one lp be 
Pie bis foyce ni fapedtwomen of credite and account, the one named Don Laurenzo de Alua, and the other 
apo häng bis thes Don Pedro de Reuera, and prefentlp our Generall ſent to the Vizroye to Mexico which was 
7 cbey pere. riyerfcoye leagues of, certifping bim of our arrtuall there by fopce of weather. deliring that fo 
eluen which aima:h as our Queene his Sooueraigne, was the Ring of SDpapne bis louing {ter and friend, 
enerall oughtto thi therefore he would, tonſidering our necefitics and wants, furnith vs with victuals fo) our 
ying een Rune, and quietl y co ſuffer vs to repaire and amend our ſbippes. And furchermope that at the 
e en sriallofthe Sopanith ficete which was there beylp erpecten and loohrv fon, to the ende that 
5 e berlin there might no quatrell ariſe betweene them, and our General and bis companpe fo2 the 
kam ann fap heath of amitie, bee humblp requettcd of bis excellencie , that there migte in this bebalfe 
benden fome ſpectall opver bee taken, This mellage was ſent atnap the 16 of September, 1 5 68, 
nrg at, ibeing the very dap of our arriuall there. The next moꝛning being the feuentench of the fame 
our ſbips names monet), we deſcryed 1 faple of great ſhippes: and after that our Generall vnvderſtood, that it 
during the time westhe king of Sopapnes Fleere then loabed fo, bee prelentip ſent to aduetttlethe Gencrall 
hereof, of our being in the layde porte, and gining him further to vnderſtande, that befoze bee 
sain De houlve enter there into chat harbour, it was requiſtte that there fhoulbe palſe betweene the two 
Ae Genctals (ome vpders and conditions to bee oblerued on either part, fop the better contriuing of 
i peace berweene them and theirs, atcopding to our Generals requelt made onto the Viceroye, 
is direction, and audit this inſtant our Generall was in a great perplexitie of minde, confivering with himſelle 
nel chr il he ſbould keepe out that fleete from entring into the porte, athing which he was very wel 
5 N ableto doe with the belpe of God, then ſhould that fleete be in danger ol prefent ſhipwꝛarke and 
ene ueok all their ſubſtance, which amaunted unto the valetwe of one myllion and 800 thouſande 
eee cratones, Againehe lat chac ir he futfered them to enter het was alten that they would pꝛac⸗ 
eee tiebp all maner of meanes to betrap bim and bis, and ou the other nde the hauen was lo lle, 
568, tne cant thatthe other fleete entring, the ſhippes were to ride one hard aboꝛde of another: alfo hee ſawe 
3 tat ifebes leete Choutn perild by bis keeping ol them out,as of eccflite chep mutttfbe thouln 
+from thence out lune done fo, then ſtoode he in great feare of the Queene our Doucraiqnes diſpleaſure in fo 
ri Late | nightie a tauſe, therefore did bee choofe the Lett entll, which was to {uffer them to enter vnder 
abel eber iſurante, and {oto Mande vpon his garde, and to defende himſelfe and his from their treaſens 
ring the moncths wirt we were wel affuredthep would practile, and fo the meſſenger being returned from Don 
i entertainement Martine de Henriques, the new Viceroy, who came in the fame #leete, and pad ſullicient autbo⸗ 
nenen tiie to commaund in al caſes both by fea and by land in this pꝛouince of Mexico q new Spaine, 
emontonothye ipcertifte our General that for che better maintenance of amitie betweent the king of Spatne 
Fredy water: By andour Doucraigne, allourrequetts houlobee both fauourablp graunted, and faiehfully per» 
ena OTN BE ured: Ggnifpung furcber that bebearo and unverttood of che bone and frienblp bealing of 
engt ca cbt our General, toward the Ring of Sopapnes ludiectz in all places where he bad bene, as allo in 
ne with che tole the ſayde poꝛte: fo that to be byeefe our requeſts were articleꝭ, and fet downe in miting. viz. 
Spantards ee 1 Che firk mas that wee might haue victuals fo cur money, andlicenfe to fell as much Stop. 
nn end bares, as might ſuffice to kurniſh our wants. On, bettutst tbs 
the Goucrnene 2 The fecond, that we might be ſuffered peaceably to repayꝛe our hippes, 4 hell 
Anu 3 Tbechud chat the Flan migbt bee in our poſleſſion during the time of our above there, Alßsgsbtpe 
are Aundich Hand our Senerall fn che bercer alete of bim anv bts, bad alresdie planted end ple Babe 
nne there about tencertaine oꝛdinance which were eleuen pertes of nale, rherefoye bee regulrev cha the fame Pranurns, 
cite aie might fo conttnew. and chat no Spaniard ſbould come to land in the Cape Aland, hruing ol then. 
pichoureD ka he Wan kmde of weapon hon bint, 


urman em maintenanceot 
bers ee, 4 The fourch and che laſt, that fop che better and moze (ure perfo e — 


peace, and of all the conditions, there migbetwelue gencilmen of credite be Deliuered of either 
part as boſtages. Chele conditions were concluded and agreed vpon in wꝛiting by the vice. 
roy and ſigned with bis hande, and fealen with his ſeale, and tenne hoſtages vpon either pare 
were receiued. And further it was toncludtn that the two Generals thould mecte, and gin 
faith eche to other foz the perloꝛmance of the promifes, All which being done, the fame war yo 
tlaymed by the found of a trumpet, and commaundement was giuen that none of either put 
fhould violate oz byeake the peace vpon payne of death: thus at the end of the daxes all wag 
concluded, and the fleete entred the pore, the hips ſaluting one another as the manner of the (eg 
Doth require: the moꝛom after being Fzidap we laboured on al fines in placing the Eng lih thips 
by themlelues, and che paniſb fips by them ſelues, the captaines and inferiour per ſons of 
either part, offering, and ſhewing great curteſie one to another, and pꝛomiling great amitie ups 
on all fives, Powbeit as the ſequel ſbewed, the Spaniards ment nothing leſle vpon their parts. 
Foz the Viceroye, and gouernour thereabout, had ſecretly at land aſſembled to the number of 
1000 choſen men, aud wel eypanted, meaning the next thurſdap being the 24 of September 
at dinner time to aſſault vs, and {et vpon vs on all fines, But before J goe any further, J chink 
it not amiffe bziefelp to diſcribe the maner of the Jlandas it then was, and the force 8 Arengeh, 
that it is now of, Foʒ the Spaniards fince the time of our Generals being there, foz the better 
foxtifping of the fame place, haue vpon the fame Jland built a faire cattle, and bulwarke very 
well koztiſied: this pote was then at our being there, a litle Fland of ſtones, not paſt thꝛee foote 
aboue water in the higbeſt place, and not paſt a bow ſhotte auer any way at the molt, and it fan: 
deth from the mapne land, two bowſhootes oz moze: and there is not in all this coat any other 
place for (hips ſafely to ariue at: alfo the Noʒth windes in this coat are of great violence aud 
force, and vnleſſe the ſhippes bee ſafely mozed in, with their aukers fattened in this Runde, 
there is no remedie, but pꝛeſent deſtruction and thipwzacke. All this dur generall wiſely ſche 
ſeeing, did pꝛouide that bee would haue the ſayde land in his cuſtodie, oz els the Bpaniardes 
might at their pleaſure, haue but cut our cables, and fo with the Girt Mozthwinde that blewe 
wee had had our palport, fo our ſhippes had gone a ſhoꝛe. But to returne ts the matter, The 
time approching that their treaſon mut bee put in pactiſe, the fame Thurſdap mozning, ſome 
appearance thereof beganne to ſhewe it ſelle, as ſhilting ol weapon from ſbippe to fhippe, and 
planting, and bending their oꝛdinance againſt our men that warded bpen the lande, with great 
repapꝛe of people: which apparant ſpewes of bꝛeache of the Viceroyes fapth, caufed our Gene · 
rall to ſende one to the Viccroye, to enquire of him what was ment thereby, which prefeatly 
ſent and gaue onder, that the oꝛdinance afoyefapde, and other things ol ſuſpicion ſhoulde bee ree 
mooued, returning anſ were to our Generall in the fapth of a Viceroye, that hee woulde bet 
our defenſe, and ſafetie from all villanous treacherye: this was vpon Thurſday in the moy 
. basic or ning. Dur Generall not being therewith ſatiſſted, ſeeing they had ſecretly conuaied a great 
Sicerop pis number of men abooꝛde a great hulke op (hip of theyꝛs of 900 tunne, which ſhippe rode hard by 
fapey. the Mynion, bee ſent againe te the Viceroy Robert Barret the matter ofthe leſus, a man that 
toulde ſpeake the Spaniſh tongue very well, anv required that thoſe men might bee vuſbipt a 

againe, which were in that great hulke. The Viceroy then perceiuing that their treaſon was 

thꝛougbly eſpied, taped our Maſter, and ſounded the trumpet, and gaue oꝛder that his people 

fhould vpon all fives charge vpon our men, which warded on ſhoze, and elſe where, which ftrooke 

ſuch a maſe, and ſudden feare among vs, that many gaue place, and fought to recouer our Hips 

fo the ſafetie of chemfelues, The Spaniards which ſecretly were hid in ambuſh at lande were 

nns quikly conuaied ouer to the Iland in their long boates, and ſo comming to the Jland, they flewe 

emed all our men that they coulde meete with, without any mertie. The Mymon which had fomes 

Othe crucitr. what before prepared her ſelfe to auoyde the danger, haled away and abode the firſt bunt, of 

the 300 men that were in the great hulkeꝛ then they ſought to fall abooꝛde the Ieſus, where was 

à truel fight, and manp of our men flapnes but pet out men defended themſelues, and kept 

them out : ſo the Telus alſo gotte looſe, and ioyning with the Mynion, the fight waxed thot 

vpon all ſides: but tbey bauing wonne and got our ordinance on ſboze, din greatly annoy bs, 

In this light, there were two great hips of the Spaniards ſunke, and one burne, ſo that with 

their ſhippes they were not able to harme vs, but from the ſhoze they beat vs cruelly with our 

stone srdinance, in ſuch fope that the Ieſus was very fore ſpopled, and ſuddenly the Spaniards 

bauing fires two great ſbippes of their owne, they came directly againſt vs, which bred among 

out men a marueilous feare, Howbeit the Mynion which bad made her ſayles ready, thifted for 

ber lelle, without content of the Generall, captaine oz maſter, ſo that verp hardly our Generall 

Could be receiued into the Mynion: the moſt of our men that were in the Leſus ſhited fo e 


36 he voyages and diſcoueries Miles Phillips 


a 
Phillips, 
— | 
ucred of either 
ng by the vice. 
pon either pare 
nete, and ging 
e fame wach 
e of either pare 

e Wrede 
anner of the (eg 
e Englich thips 
lour per ſons of 
eat amitie vps 
pon their parts. 
the number of 

+ Of September 
urther, J think 
logce ¢ Arength, 
e, fo the better 
bulwarke very 
tpaſt hice foote 
noſt, and it fan: 
edaſt any other 
rat vlolente and 
in this Naude, 
rall wiſelx foes 
he Spaniardes 
inde that blewe 
he matter. The 
p morning, ſome 
ge to hippe, and 
ande, with great 
auſed our Genes 
which prefently 
ſhoulde bee ree 
hee woulde bet 
ſday in the mo⸗ 
onuaied a great 
ppe rode hard by 
ſus, a man that 
ht bee vnſbipt a 
heir treaſon was 
that his people 
e, which ſtrooke 
ecouer our chips 
ſh at lande were 
and, they flewe 
which had fomes 
he ſirſt bꝛunt, of 
eſus, where was 
elues, and kept 
ght waxed whot 
eatly ànnoy bs. 
nt, ſo that with 
elly with our 
the Spaniards 
hich bꝛed among 
eadp, ſhifted for 
Iv our General 
ſhifted fop them · 
felues 


Sole rene was re ahr, in chey inbich a eee en bee nn, 


Miles heen ofthe Engi nation. 566 


ends sof which men fo vled. is iy 
5 3 ice audcertaine o⸗ 


The chird Chapter. 


be is fhewed, how that after we were eſcaped from the Spanyards, we were like to 
im with famine at the Sea, and how our General, for the auoiding thereof was con- 
trained to put halfe of his men on land, and what mile es wee after that ſuſtayned a+ 

N mongſt the Sauage people, and how we fell againe into the hands of the Spanyardes, 


Fter thatthe Vice Roy, Don Martin Henriques; bab hus contrary to his 
faith and promiſe, moſt cruellp dealt with our Generall maiſter Pawbins, 
Alu S. Iohn de Vilua, en ta se : the 


— 


minde, and requetten rather to ftap 2 by meanes whereof out Genes 
S and to take away all occas 


ree ee e ee e 
767 The voyages and diſcoueries Miles Philly. 


eau en fp derte relented to heare the pitifull mone that many did make, and how 
loth they turreto depart : che weather wan Chen fomtetobat foymie andtempettuous and therefay 
det noswmichRanding there was no remedy, but we that wett 

nectilitie doe lo. Dowdeic thoſe chat went in che fir bote tere 
uhich went in the ſetond boate, of tubich number I mp tet ney 

that we could not attapne to the (hoare, and thereſohe we were con, 
of John Hampton captaine ol the Pinion, aiid Tobe m 
ppollero bis m mate, to leape out of che boare into the 

cel nape nt hg a mile to Hoare, and foto thite fo our ſelues and either to fincke oy 
finimme . And of hole that fo were (as it were) cower out, zar, compels ep i 

ee e theelgheot Dest 68, tuben 

Juthe euening of che fame bap, it pthe eighe o t,t tne tere 
all cone to boat, we foun feeb te oe fe enon 


todgels to 

toe fhould trauel. 

u be paſſedta f 

kicken by the J. 
ther 


aed | 
igre 


whoſe merey 

weapon, ſauing one 7 — — sive rue fwwoopdes, whereby to make any reſillante, 0} 
to laue our ſelues : which when they perceined,chat we ſought not any ocher then favour and ud 
cy aethem bands, andthat we were noethey enemies the Sppanpards, they had compaliton on be, 
and tame and cauſev is all to fit ote sand when they had a while iniepe, and taben a perfect 
viem of vs, they came to ali ſuch as bad any coloured clothes amonglt bs, and thoſe they did ftrippe 
%%% ² . Ant rr Mt tie ha 


epi phen 55 tt 
tueake cafe inted os tathebete hende which 1. 

afterwards indthey perceiui 

hichemici, 

adstooke an In 

ining taken tbe 

dur any delay m 

inte the Canoas they 

bang of on n an cg ten ye aman lie bs eit ai men } . 

sii ah bene ot scene one, sai hl Wc ete Ye Tees bones 

Sens th ea ee a sg “She other delle tener lig Ries uate chen 


Phillip. 


water, and what 
blüte an almond 
ere ma mantr all 


to ttauell along 
2 
. du 


pthpeed about bg 
raine, for allthe 


"files Phillips. 


—— 


of the Engliſh nation. 


568 


— — 


Je Jh. bampr, wsmether bio choke top cheie capcame, and watbebe nge 


went 

Dauid Ingram was one, and they tooke theit way and trauelled Neyth ward, and (hort 

— within the (pace of tiuo dayes, tbey were againe inceuntren with the — — 
aan theiz captain Hooper and two more of his company were flaine : then againe they diuided 

dgemielues, and forme held on they wap till Mopehward, and other ſome, knowing that we were 
gone Kletttvard, fought co mect with bs againe, as intrurhthere was about the number of fluc 6 

laute op fire and twentie of chem that mette with va in che (pace of foure dayes againe, and then 
pe began corechon amon gt our ſelues, hon many iue were that were {et on (hoatc,aud we found 
‘denumber to be an hundyed ¢ foureceene, whereol two were Downed in the Hes and tight were 
faine at the Grit incounter, ſo chat there remained an hundred aud foute, of which fue and twentie 

rene Men ward with vs, and two and liftie to the Rozth with Pooper and Ingram: and as In⸗ 


Dauid Angra. 


pram nce bath often tolde me, there were not paſt tinee of they company flaine, and there were 


use fixe and twentyokttem that came again eto vs ſo that of the company that went Nothwarr, 
chere is pet lacking, and not certainelp heard of, the number olt hee and twentie men. And verely 
Idoethinte that there are ok them vet allue, and marryed in the ſapd countrep, at Sibola, ag 
geetvafter J purpoſe (God willing) to diſcourſe of mope particularly, wit hthe reafon and cauſes 
that make me fo to chinke of thẽ that were lacking which were Deuid Ingram, Twide, Browne, 
ind others, whofe names we could not remember. And being thus met againe together, 
tuetraucliedon Mill IMeũ ward, ſometime thoꝛow ſuch thicke woods, that we were mforced with 
todgels to bꝛeake away the bambles and buſhes from tcartng our naked bodies: other ſome times 
ve fhould trauell thoꝛow the plaines, in {uch high gralſe that we could ſcarſe ſee one another, and 
age palled tn lome places, we ſhould haue of our men flaine, and fall domne ſuddenly, being 
dicken by the Indians, which Good behinde trees and bulheg, in ſecret places, and ſo killed our 
mien as they went by, for we went ſcatteringly in ſeeking of kruites to relitue our ſelues. Clee: 
were allo oftentimes greatly annoped with a kinde of file, which in the Indian tongue is called 
Tequani, and the Bpänpards called them Musketas. There are alfo in the fapd countrey a num. 
berof other kinde of flies, but none ſo noyſame as theſe Tequanies be: you ſhall hardly {ee them 
they be ſo ſmall, foꝛ they are ſcarſe fo bigge as a gnat: they will ſucke ones blood maruellouſip, 
id ir you kill them while they are fucking, they are ſo benemous that the place will [well ex · 
tremely, euen as one that is ſtuong with a waſpe op bee: but if you let them ſucke they fill, and to 
geeaway of chemfelucs, then they doe pou no other hurt, but leaue behinde them a rede ſpotte 
fomevibat bigger then a fleabiting. At the Gri we were terriblie troubled with theſe kinde ol 
fies, not kno wing their qualities, and reliſtance we coulde make none againſt them, being nae 


dd: as for colde we feared not aup, the countrep there is alwayes fo warme. And as wetrauel 


ln chus for the (pace of tenne op twelue dayes, our captaine did oftentimes cauſe certaine to goe 
tothe toppes of bigh trees, to ſee if they could deictie any towne oz place of inhabitants, but 
coulde not perceiue anp, and bling often the fame oꝛder to climbe vp into high trees, at che 
they deſcryed a great riuer that fell from the Moꝛthweſt in the maine Sea, and pyeſentlie 
kt, we heard an harquebulle ſhotte off, which did greatly incourage vs, for thereby we knew 
that we were neere to ſome Clniſtians, and did therefore hope ſhoztly to finde ſome ſuccour aud 
comfort, and within the (pace ok one houre alter, as wetrauelled, we heard a cocke crowe, which 
vas allo no ſmall ioy vnto vs, and ſo we came to the Month five of the riuer of Panuco, whereſthe 
MSpanyards haue certaine Salines, at whichplace it was that the harquebulle was thot olf, which 
before me heard: to which place we went not directly, but miſling chereof, we left it about a bow⸗ 
fhoote vpon our Left hand: of this riuer we danke very greedilie, ſoꝛ we had not mette with any 
water in ſixe dayes before, and as we were heere by the riuer five reſting our ſelues, and longing 
torotheto the place where the cocke did crowe, and where the harquebuſſe was thot off, we pers 
teiued many Span pardes vpon the other fide of the riuer, riding vp and Dotune on hoꝛſſebacke, 
ndthey perceiuing vs, did ſuppole that wee had beene of the Indians thepꝛ boꝛdering enemies, 
the Chichemici, the riuer was not paſt halfe a bowe (hoot ouer: and pyrſently one of the Spanp⸗ 
ds tooke an Indian boate called a Canoa, and ſo came ouer, being rowed by two Indians, and 
hing taken tbe view of us, did peſently robe ouer backe againe to the Span pards, who with⸗ 
Out. anp delay made out abaut the number of twentie hoꝛllemen, and imbarking themſelues in 
the Cano as, they led their hozlles by the reines ſwimming ouer after them, and being come auer 
tathat fire of the riuer where wee were, they ſadled theyz bores , and being mounted vpon 
them with they: launtes charged, they tame very fiercelp, running at vs. Our captaine 
Anthony Godard ſeeing them come in that order, did perſuade vs to ſubmitte and peelde aur 


dees unto them, koz beeing naked, as wee at this time were, and without weapon, we 
ö Ffk 2 could 


— — — — — — — * 10 1 7 
569 The voyages and diſcoueries MilesPhilip:, Ti al 
- ig ast 
could not make any reliance, whofe binding wee obeped; and bpon the peelding of our feiues, 
they perceiued vs tobe Chyitians,and did call fog moze Canoas, and carrped vs oucr by foure ib 
foure in a boace, and being come on che ocher five, Tory bnderttanding bp our taptame bow long 
we had beene without meate, imparted betweene two and two a loafe of dead made ofthat coun, 
trey wheate, which the Spanpardes call Mayſe: of the bignefle of one of our balpennie lowes, 
which bread is named in the Andian tongue Clafhacally. Chis bead was very fuerte and plea, 
fane vnto vs, fop wer had not eaten anp in a lougtime before, and what is it that hunger doth 
not make to haue a ſauoiy and a delicate taſte : and hauing thus imparted the bread amongi be, 
thofe which were men they lent aloze to the Colne, hauing alſo many Indiais inbadicants of 
eee ee er ee Cao eee 
(00 N 7 5 e ue U 
wach nas berp nern A a mile from the place where we came ouer. W 
+ Chis Comme is well ſituated, and well repleniſbed with all kindes of fruites, as Dpingrg, 
Limmons, Pomgranets, Appcoks, and Peaches, and ſund p others, and is inhabited with « 
great munber of tame Indians, oꝛ Mexicans, and had in it allo at that time about the numberof ! 
two tundyed Dpanpards, men, Wonen, and childzen, belides Negroes . DE they Malines, 
whichlie vpon the Net fine of the riuer, move then a mile diltant from thente, they make a great 
profite, fo) it is an excellent good merchandie there: the Indians doe bup much thertot, anden 
rie it bp into the Countrep, and there fell it to they owne Countrep people, in doubling the pice, 
Allo much ofehe Walt made in this place, is tranpoxrd from thence by Sea to fandyp otherpls, 
ces, as to Cuba, S. Iohn de Vilua, and the other Pontes of Tamiago, and Tamachos, tubith 
are two barred Pauens Meſt and by ouch aboue ehpeelcope leagues from S. John de Vilua, 
Ahen we were all come to the Towne, the Gouernour there ſhewed himſelſe very Cenere wn 
vs, andtheatened to hang vs all : and then he demanded what money wee had, which in truth 
was very little, ſo the Indians which we ſirſt met wichall, had in a maner taken all from bs and 
ok chat which they left, the Dparpardes which bꝛougbt vs ouer, cooke away a gvod part elo: 
howbett, from Anthony Godard che Goucrnour heere had a chaine of golde, which was gine 
vnto him at Carthagena, bp the Gourrnour there : and from otlers he had ſome ſmall toy of 
Abe be oe amonge vs all he had the number of fine hundyed Pezoes be 
eof golde. ü . 

We thas fatiffied himſelle, en he had taken all chat tue had he tauled vs to be putin: 
to a little boule much like a Hogltie, where we were almoſt ſmmoothered: and befoze we were thug 
ſhutte vp into that little coate, they gaue vs ſome of the Countrep wheat, called Mayſe, ſodden, 

uhich they feed then hogges withall. But many of our men which had beene hurt by che Indi 
aus at out fief comming on {aud, whole wounds were very (ope and grieuous, deſired to hauethe 
helpe of they Surgions to cute them wounds , The Goucrnottr, and mot ol them all anſwerdd, 
that we ſhould baue none other Sourgton but the hangman, which ould fufficiencly beale bs of al 
our griefes: and thus reuiling vs, and calling vs Engliſh dogges, and Lutheran heretikes wert: 
mapned the ſpate of thee dapen in this miſerable Race, not knowing what ſhould berome ol bs, 


waiting euery houre to be bereaued ofour liues. 
The fourth Chapter. 


Wherein is fhewed how we were vſed in Panuco, and in what feare of death we were there, 
and how we were carryed to Mexico to the Vice Roy, and of our impriſonment there 
and at Teſcuco, with the courteſies and cruelties wee receiued during that time, and 
how in the end we were by proclamation giuen to ſerue as ſlaues to fundsie Gentlemen 
Spanyardes. a 


Phillips. 


eg, as Dyingrs, 
inhabited wich a 


ue the number of i 


funy oeberpla 


amachos 
lohn 4e e 


we were there, 
brifonment there 
g that time, 
hte Gentlemen 


reriapnrng it a 


"Miles Phillip. 


otchenglifhnations' | 


two aud cuio cogrtber, they tommanded vs tomrarchen the Town; and ſo 
—.— from plate to ——— —e Panuco 
aud by Mpouth the int thycetcope leagues, hauing onelp but w M panxarns to cons 
thep being accampanyed with a great number al Judians warding on either ſtde with 
. — Gouty efcape ſromthem. And krauelling inc bin oder; vpon the fe- 
ponbbap at night we came vnto a Cotune tobich the Andtans call Nohele, andthe Sopanparves 
all ¢ Santa Maria: in which Towne there is a houleof ¶AAhite fryers, which did very courte dul · 
pow 8 mutton and both. and garmentralſo to couer our ſelues with 
— ue exp greabilp ofthe meat, and ofthe Indian fruite, called No- 

ack win and viral much like in fathionte a little Comtumnber. Dur. greevie 
tauſed vs to fall liche of hoce burning agues . And heere at this place one Thomas Bar 
one died of a burt fo) be ban beene befope ſbot in with rr ee e 


eee about tenof checlocke, we beparter dem theure; bound tun gthotsgecher, 

gun as before, aud ſotrauellev on our wap toward Mexico, till me came to a tuwus duthin 

leagues ol Mexico, named Mefticlan, where is a boule of Blacke fepers a and in this tomne 

are about the number of thee bunmed 22 both men, women, audriilden. Che 

ſeut vs e et ready dꝛeſſed, and the fryers, and men and women, vll vs bee 

e gaue vs lome (hires and other ſuch thiugs as we lacked. Meere dur men wert 

agues and with eating of another kruite called in the Andiantongue, Gurs, 

1 5 did binde vs ſo ſohe, that for che ſpate of tenne m twelue daxen me could not cafe one 

felues. The next mozning we departed from thence withour two Spawpards o Aundian yack, 

2 Oth: two Spanpards the one was an aged man, twhoallehe way did very cout 
leinen he, an would carefully goe before to pꝛouide fo? vs both meat andthingruetellm 

i to the vttermol of his power z the other was a poons man wh all the way traue nithbs, 

ad uruer Deparcen from va. who was a very eruell caitiſte. and he carrpedaiauelin in hiu band, 

id fornctimes when as aur men wit h very deeblenelle ntneſle mere not able to gos ſo fat 

be required chem, be would take bis iaut lin in both bis hands, and ſtrichẽthem wich the fanie 

nerke and che ſhoulders lo violenelp, that bee would ſtrike them dowue, then uoulo 

papa Nen Engieſes perros, Luterianos,enemicosde Dios: whith is as 

Engliſn: March, march on pou Engliſb dogges Lucherang, enemies tu Hod. 

‘asda tame toa toume called Pachuca, and there are tua places of that name cas 

5 — Pachuca, andthe mines of Pachuca, which are mines ol Auer, and are about fre 


diſtant from this towne of Pachuca towardes the Moꝛthwell 

at this towne the good olde man our Gouemnour Guten p tn day fun bapes an too 
highees, hauing compalſion of our ficke and weake men, full fore againſt the minde ol the poong 
mm his companion. From thence we tooke our tourney, and trauelled foure op fine vapes hy lite 
keuüllages, and Stancias, which are Farmes o Dairie houſes of the Wpaupardeg, ad eutr ar 
ve had neede, the good olde man would Mill pꝛouide vs fufficient of meates, fruites, and water to 
ſaltaine vs. At the endo which Gue dayes wer came to atowne vuthin flur league ul Mexico, 
which is called Quoghliclan, where we alſo ſtayed one whole day and two nightes, where was 
afine boufe of Grap fryers, howbeit, we ſawe none of them. Veere we were tolde by the Spas 


nyerũs in the Towne, that we had uot paſt fifteene Engliſhmiles from thenceto Mexico, wheres 


we were all very fopfull and glad, hoping that wen we came thither, we ould either be relies 
ned, and fet tree out of bondes, oz els be mucke diſpatched out of our liues: for ſeeing our ſrlues 
g carryed bound krom place to place, although ſome ved vs courtesullp, pet could wee neuer 

Ps N till we might percetue our ſelues fecftve from that hamage, either bp Beat oY 


The next moming we departed from thenceon dur iouruey towardes Mexico; awinträuel- 
led till we came within two leagues of it, where there was built bythe Suauyards a bern fart 
church, called our Lady church in which there is an image or onr Lady of ſiluer and gilt, being as 
Aer ee ag a tall woman, in which church, and before this image, there are an many lamps 

nike e dayes are all lighten. Cihenfoeueranp 

Mpanpards paſſe by this church, although they be they will alight, and tome into 

sae ekneele beſdze this ebe em ap on nbcbem trot al eral fo that 

be bebopfinan op fontman he will not patle by, but firt gve intothe church and pabasas 

fmefaid, which il they doe not, they chinke and beleeue that they (hall neuer pꝛolper, whichimage 

Epp call in Che Sopanith congue, eee — — 
5 3 


N edll 


$71 The voyagesand difcoueries Miles Phillips, 


colde backs, which aui (pynging spas thougd tht water did Meche : the water whercor ig 
t eee gere kur ea 
, andto pap in th Church beſoye the Aird rand 


, and 
wander bone cs hur the 


Megroes | 
Gaba 
vnds many of vs 


Saurdapes whe 
n L 
n beden ot 
foare thoufand pe 
Gs concerning the 
inthe Uiteroy his 


Philip, Mike Pbilips, ofthe Englith nation 72 


was no fooner made, but che gentlemen came and repaired te che garden amaiue, (0 
pappie was he that could foonett get one of bs, * 


The 3. Chopter. 


Wherein is ſhewed in what good ſort, and how wealthily we liued with our maſters vntill 
the comming of the Inquiſition, when as agayne our forowes began a fieth : Of our 
impriſonment in the holy houfe, and of the feuere judgement and ſentences giuen a- 
gainft'vs,and with what rigour and crueltie the fame were executed, 


them J know not, 
rh after that fire peeres were fully expired ſinte our firlt comming into the Indies, in which 
time we had bene impꝛiſoned and ſerued in the {ain countreps as is befoze truelp declared, In the 
peere of our Lor one thouſand ſiue bundzed ſeuentie foure, the Inquiſition beganne to be eſtabli⸗ 
hed in che Indies, very much againſt the mindes of manpokthe Spaniards chemſelues: ka; ne⸗ 
terbntill this time fince their firſt conquering and plantiug in the Indies, were they luliett to 
that bloodie and cruell Inquiſttion. The chiefe Juquiſito; was named Don Pedro Moya de 
Contreres, and John de Bouilla his companion, and Iohn Sanchis the Fiſchall, and Pedro de 
k Rios, the Setretatie: they being come and ſetled, and placed in a very faire Houle neere vnto 
tee white Friers, conlidering with themlelues that they mutt make an entrance and beginning ol 
that their molt deteſtable Inquiſttion here in Mexico, to the terrour of the whole country, thought 
i bellto tall vs that were Engliſhmen fick in queſtion, and ſo much the rather, fop that they bad 
perfect knowledge and intelligence, that many of vs were become very rich, as hath bene alteadie 
berlured, and therefore we were a very good bootis and pꝛaie tothe Anquiſttops: fo that now again 
began ont fopotoes a kreſh, for we were ſent fon, and ſougbt out in all places or the countrey, aud 
foclamation made vpon pain of looling of good, and excommunication, chat no man (ould hide 
Hkeopeecrerany Englilhman oz ap partof their goods. By means whereof we were all {oone 
in al places, and all our goods lei ed and taken fo the Auquiſtozs vle, * 


Voyages and diſcoueries 


8 alone, and there (cacrely examinen of our faith, and conmemndep to ſap the Pater nolſer, 
A een Erter in Latin, whi an er nolten the 


we could ſaꝝ them perfectly, althoughnat mam fox word as thep were in Latin. C 
ene Dpalt gur athes what Ine pid belecue oft e 
cbere did remaine anp hyean op ine after the worde of contfectation, nea op no, and hbether bend 
not beleeue that the hott of dꝛead wbichthe pric dip po dd vp auer his head, and the wine that bas 
inchechalice, mas the very true and perfect boop ¢ Flond or our Spawiour Chu, peaojme : C 
Which if we anſwered not yea chen was there no way but death. Then they would denraundot vg 
what we did remember of our ſelueg, what apiniouns we had held, oz had bin caught to hold contras 
rxpto the ſame whiles we were in England:? to which we fop che faferie of our lines were cültral 
nedto fap, that we neuer vid beleeue, hop bad bene taught other wwiſz then as before we had ſapd. 
Chen would they charge vs that we did nottel them the trueth chat they knew to the cautrary and 
therfore we ſpouid tal dar ſe lues to remembance,e mate them a better autiver at the nere tansy 
els we ſhould be rackt, and made to tonteſſe che trueth whether we would oz no, And ſo comming 
againe before them che next time, we were Mill demaunded of our beliefe twhiles we wert in Enge 
land, and how we hab bene taught, d alſo what wunde. oz did kum of ſuch of our otone compa 
ny as they did name vnto vs. ſo that we could neuer be free ftom ſuch demands and atacher times 
they would pꝛomiſe vs chatit we would cell them trueth, then Gould we haue fauour x beſet at lis 
bertle, although we bern wel bnew their faire (peaches were Lut means to intrap vs to the hz 
and lolle of our lines: bo wbeit Goo fo mercifully vaught fo va bp a ſerret meaues that wet bap, 
that we kept vs fill ta our fet ant wer ¢ would (til fap that woe hab told the trueth onto them am 
e by tn eins aap ee te as we had verlared, andthatfm our 
unnes and ofen ces in England again® God and out L adie, ; anp of his bleſſed ſaintes, we were 
hearzilp iopp fon the lame, and div rie God mertx and beſought the Tuquillcors fo) Gods lch un 
lderſigthut we came tnt hole covuiteies by lutee of wenther and gaint our wil, auptbat news 
in all our liues we ban either fpoken di one anp thing contrary to cheir lawes, that therefore they 
would haue merep upon ds, per all tiis would not ſerue: fo Mill from time to time we were calles 
vpon to conkeſſe, and about the (pace of z. monetbs belde, chep proceeded to their ſeuere iudgt⸗ 
ment, we were all rarkt,and lome enlozced to beter that agaiuſtthemſelues, which aftcrtwards colt 
chem their liues. And thus hauing gotten from our oun mouthes matter luffitient foꝛ thE to po 
cechin iudgement ag aint vs, they cauſed a large ſcaffold to be made in the middelt of the market 
place in erica right ouer agame che head church, 14.0) 15. dapes befope the day of theirludge · 
ment, with the found ok atrumpet, and the noiſe of their Attabalies, which are a kind of dummes, 
they did aſſemble the people in all partes ofthe citie, before whom it was then ſolemnlp yroclats 
med chat whoſoeuer biould vpon {uch a day repaire to the market place, they ſhould heare the ſen 
tente ok the holy Inepiifition againſt the Engliſh heretikes, Lutheranes, and alſo (ee the lame put 
krexerutton. Cthich being done, and the time appnaching of his cruell iudgement, the night bes 
fone they came to the prifon where we were, with certaine officers of that holp helliſh Youle, bun 
ging with them certain kooles coats which they bad prepared for va being called in their language 
S. Benitos, which coats were made of pealom cotton ¢ red crofics bpo them both before ¢ behind 
they were fo buffed in putting on their coates about vs, and in byinging vs out into a large yard, 
and placing and pointing vs in what opder we Mould go to the ſcaffold oz place of iudgement, bps 
onthe moꝛow, chat they did not once ſuffer vs to ſleepe all that night long. The next moming bo 
yng come, there was giuen to euery one ofbs fz out hreakfatt a cuppe of wine, and a flice of hen 
tried in honie, and ſo about eight of che clocke in the moming, wee ſet foorth okthe prifon, euer 
man alone in his pealow toate, and a rope about his necke, and a great greene Maxe candle 
in his hand wnligcheed, hauyng a Spaniard appopnted to go bpon epther five of euery oneaf bst 
and fo marching in this ower and maner toward the Scaffold in the Market place, which was & 
bowe thoote diftant oz thereaboutes, wee found a great aſſemblie of people all the wap, and 
ſuch thong chat tertapne of che Inguilitoꝛs officers on hoꝛſchacke were dated nite 


Miles Philly. | 


4 Phillips, 
Pexica, and 
andle e 
ould one of bs tell 
pace of a yeere and 
ppꝛehended. Dy. 
befopethe Jun, 
Pater noſter, the 


lives were coftrai. 
efoze we had Capo, 
to the contrary and 
at che nexttünee 
And fo comming 
B we wert in Cnge 
kouromne compas 
,AND abather tung 
auour ę be fet at li 
ap vs to the ham 
alles that wer bap, 
tech vnto them am 
red, and that for our 
d ſaintes, we were 
fo Gods ſake ca. 
dils, and thar nam 


ient loꝛ thE to pro» 
ddeſt of the market 
dap of theiriudge 
kind of dummes, 
ſolemnlp prorlats 

ould heare the ft 
fo fee the ſame put 
ent, the night bee 
helliſh louſe, biin 
d intheir language 
th befoze & behind 
into a large patd, 
ok iudgement, bps 
e next moming be 
and a ſlice of bead 
the prifon, euery 
ene Maxe candle 
f cuerponcof vs: 
ace, which was 1 
all the wap, and 
men tomake tap, 
ao 


| Miles Phillips. 


nynthe peere of our Lopd 1575. we were all brought into a court of 


otthe Engliſh nation. 


gum, die being thus ſet dowue as we were appointed, pꝛeſentliy the Inquiſitoꝝs came vp ano. 
deer pater of laren, and che Uirerop and all the chrefe Juſtires with chem, ben they were {et 
une and placed tuber the cloth ol eftate agreeing to their degretz and calling, then came vp al 
da ret number of Friers, white, blacke aud graz, about the number ol 300,perfons, they bes 
gg fet in the places fo them appoincen. hen was there a ſolemne Oyes made, aud ſilence com · 
n ently began their ſeuere and cruell iudgement. 

e ürſt man 


faut fo) 10. peeres. 

Atter him was called John Gray, John Vo ume, John Nider, John Moone, James Collier, 
done Thomas Browne: chele were adiudgedto haue 200, Aripes on hozlebacke, and after to 
feconnmitted to the Gallies fo) the ſpace of 8. peeres. 

Cben was called John Reies, and was adiudged to haue 100, ſtripes on hoꝛſebacke, and con 
penmed to ſerue in the gallies forthe {pace of 6.peeres, 

Chen were feucrallp callev the number of 5 3. one after another, and euerp man had his feues 
till iudgement, ſome to haue 200. ſtripes on hoꝛſebacke, and ſome 100. and condemned fo; flaues 
tothe gallies, ſome for 6. peeres , ſome fo; 8. and ſome ſoʒ 10. 

Qudthen was J Miles Philips called, and was adiudged to ſerue in a monaſterie for 5. peeres, 
without auy ſtripes, and to weare a fooles coate . oꝛ S. Benito during all that time. 

Cben were called John Storie, Richard Williams, Dauid Alexander, Nobert Cooke, aul 
Holewell and Thomas Dull :cheſe fie were condemned to lerue in monatteries without ſtripeg, 
fome fn 3.peeres and ſome for foure, and to weare the S. Benito during all the ſaid time. Abich 
being done, and it nam dawing towards night, Geoꝛge Niue lie, Peter Momfrie, and Comelius 
the dulhman, were callen, and had their iudgement to be burnt to aſhes, and ſo were pyeſently ſent 
swap tothe place of exerution in the market place but a litle from the {caffold, where they were 
@ichip burnt and conſumed. And as for vs that had receiued our iudgement, being 68. in number, 
de ere caried backe that night to piſon agalne. Andthe next day in ; moming being good Fri⸗ 
Inquiſttoꝛs pallace, where 
ni luund a hozſe in a readineſſe for tuery one ot᷑ our men which were condenmed to haue ſtripes, 
andto be committed to the gallies, which were in number oo. and ſo they being infoꝛced to mount 
won boꝛlebacke naked from the middle vpward, were caried to be ſhewed as a ſpectacle ſo allthe 

to behold thyoughout the chiefe and pꝛincipall ſtreetes ol the Citie, and had the number of 

to euery one of them appointed moſt cruelly lapd vpon their naked bodies with long whips 
land men appointedto be the executioners hereof: ¢ before our men there went a couple of 
cliers whith cried as they went, Behold theſe Engliſb dogs. Lutherans, enemies to God, and all 
te way as they went, there were ſome of the Juquiſttoꝛs themſelnes, and ofthe familiars of that 
takebell oꝛder chat cried to the executioners, Strike, lap on thoſe Engliſb heretikes, Lutheranes, 
Gods enemies: anu ſo this hoꝛrible ſpectatle being ſhewed round about the citie, and they retur · 
eb co Che Inquiſttoꝛs houſe, with their backes all gore blood, and wollen with great bumps they 
berethen taken from their hoꝛſes, x carien againe to pꝛiſon, where they remained vntill they were 
ſent into Spaine to the gallies there to receiue the reſt of their martywdome . and J and the s. other 
bith me which had iudgement and were condemned amongſt the relt to ſerue an apmentiſbip in 
the mnaſteries, were taken pꝛeſenelp ¢ fent ta certaine religious houſes appointed fo: the purpoſe. 


The 6. Chapter. 


Wberein is fhewed how we were vſed in the religious houſes, and that when the time was 

expired, that wee were adiudgedto ferue in them, there caménewes to Mexico of M. 
Francis Drakes being in the South Sea, & what preparation was made to take him, and 
how] ſeeking to eſcape, was againe taken and put in priſon at Vera Cruz, and how a- 
gaine I made mine eſcape from thence. 


„Ne, 
1 vf 
99 
fa 
Pal tu 
ats o< 
v 


974 


—— a 
gale consming to the Scaffold, wee went vp by a paire of Raires, and found ſeates readie mabe 
m fo bs to fit downe on, euery man in oder as he ſhould be called to receiue his iudge 


was called was one Roger the chiefe Armourer of the Jeſus, and hre had ——— 
wagner to baue tince hundyed Gripes on borlebacke, and aftet condenmed to the gallies as a ihr Preuß 


Juquittors 
ountrepmen. 


$75 The voyages and diſcoueries Miles Phillip. 


curteous and louing kind of people ingenious, and of great vnderſtanding, and they hate € abbome 
the Spantards mich all their hearts chey haue vled ſuch honible truelties again them, ande 
Mill keepe them in (uch ſubiection and ſeruitude, that they and the Megroes alſo doe daily lie in 
watte to practife their deliueraunce out of that thꝛaldome and bondage, that the Spaniards dye 
heepe them in. IAilliam Lowe he was appointed to ſerue the Cooke in the kitchin, Nichard Ci 
liams and Dauid Alexander were appointed to the gray Kriere, John Stop and Robert Cooke 
to the white Frierg: Paule Doplewell the Secretarie tooke to be his ſeruant: Thomas Hul mag 
ſent to a monaſterte of pꝛieſta, where afterward he died. Thus we ſerued out the peeves that wet 
were condenmied fop, with the ble of our fooles coates, and we must needes conlelle that the Frier 
did vle vs berp curteouſip: im euery one of vs had his chamber with bedding and diet, all chu 
cleane and neat: yea many of the Spaniards and Friers themſelues doc vtterly abbopre and nig 
like of that cruell Anquiſſtion, and would as they durſt bewaile our miltries, and tomfont vs the 
bet they could, although they od in ſuch feare ofthat diueliſh Jnquiſttion, that they dur not let 
tbe lett hand know what the right doeth. Now after that the time mas expired foꝛ which we were 
condemned to ſerue in thoſe religious houſes, wee were then bought againe before the chiefe m 
quificoz and had all our foo les coates pulled offand hanged vp in the head church, called Eccleſa 
Maiore, and euerp mans name and iudgement wzitten thereupon with this addition, An heretile 
Lutheran reconciled. And there are alſo all their coats hanged vp, which were condemned to the 
gallies, with their names and iudgements and vnderneath his coat, Heretike Lutheran reconci- 
led. And alſo the coats and names of the thꝛee that were burned, whereupon were unitten, An ob. 
ſtinate heretike Lutheran burnt. Then were we ſuffred to goe vp and do wne the countrey and o 
place our felucs as we could, and yet not fo free, but that we very well knew that there was good 
eſpiall alwapes attending vs andall our actions, fo that wee durſt not once to ſpeake op looke a 
wie. Dauid Alexander and Robert Cooke thep returnedto ſerue the Jnquiſitoz, who thortly alter 
maried them both to two ol his Negro women: Richard Milliams maried a rich widow of Bil⸗ 
kale with 4000. Pezoes: Paule H ſewell is maried to a Meſtiſa, as they name thole whole fa: 
thers were Spaniards and their mothers Indians, and this woman which Paule Wozſewel hath 
maried is ſayd to be the daughter of one that came in wich Hernando Cortes the Conqueronr, 
who had with her in mariage foure thouſand Hezors, and a faire houſe: John Stoꝛte hee is marud 
toa Negro woman: Uilliam Lowe had leaue and licence to goe into Spaine where hee is non 
married: fo mine owne part I could neuer thoughly ſettle my ſelle to marrie in chat countrep, 
although many fare offers were made vnto mee of ſuch as were of great abilitie and wealth, but 
I could haue no liking to liue in that place, where I mutt euery where fee aud know fuch hoprie 
ble idolatrie committed, and durſt not once foz my life ſpeake againſt it: and cherefore J hadals 
wapes a longing and deſire to this mp natiue countrey: and, to returne aud ſerue againe in the 
Mines where J might baue gathered great riches and wealth, Avery well ſaw that at one time 
oz another I ould fall agaiue into the danger ol that diueliſh Jnquilition, and fo be ſtript of all, 
with loſſe of life alſo, and cherekoꝛe I made mp choiſe rather to learne to weaue Grogranes and 
Tafiataes aud ſo compounding with a Silke weauer, J bound my ſelfe for 3. peeres to ſeruehim, 
and gaue him 150. Peʒaes to teach me the ſcience, otherwiſe he would not haue taught me under 
ĩeuen peeres pꝛentiſhip, and by this meanes J liued the moze quiet, and free from fulpicion, Hob 
beit I ſbould manp times bee charged by familiars ok chat diueliſh houſe, that J had a meaning 
to runne awap into England, and to bee an heretike Lutherane againe: To whom J would ane 
ſwere that they had no neede to ſuſpect any ſuch thing in mee, for that they knew all very well 
that it was impollible for mie to efcape by auy maner ol meanes: pet notwithſtanding J was 
callen bekoze the Inquiſitoꝛ, and demaunded why J did not marrie: J anſwered that d had bound 
my ſelfe at an occupation. Mell ſapd the Inquiſita, J know thou meaneſt to runne awap, and 
therefore I charge chee here vpon payne of burning as an beretike relapſed, that thou depart not 
out of this citie, nop come neere to the porte ol S. Iohn de Vilua, nop to any other porte, To the 
which J anlwered, that J would willingly obey. ea apd he, fee thou doe fo and thy fellowes als 
fo,thep (hall haue the like charge. 
Oo F remained at my ſcience the full time, and learned the Arte, at the end whereof there came ug 
newes to Mexico that there were certaine Engliſhmen landed with a great power atthe port of A. @ [ohn de VII. 
capulco, vpon the South fea, € that they were comming to Mexico to take the ſpoile therof. which pees, 
Wrought a maruelous great feare amongſt them, ¢ manp of thoſe that were rich, begar zo ſhift for mylelke, t 
themlelues their wiues ¢ childzen: vpon which hurlie burlie the Aicerop cauſed a generall muſter dur, ud fe ot 
to be made ok all the Spaniards in Mexico, and there were found to the number of 7000. and ode none thing 
houſholders of Spaniards inp citie 5 ſuburbs, x of ingle men vnmaried, che number ol; * dapes, Comretin 
0 


tbe» bate pn 


ilſo doe daily lie 

the Spanien 
chin, Richard Cit 
AND Nobert Cooke 


e peeres that wer 
that the riers 


5 abhoꝛre and mig 
and comforting the 

they durtt not itt 
oz which we were 
eloe the thieft i. 
b, called Eccleſa 
dition, An heretike 
onbemnen to the 
utheran reconcie 
e mitten, An ob. 
he counteep,anvio 
at there was good 
) fpeake op locke as 
ite Hortlp after 
ich widow of Bit 
ne chole wbole fi: 
ule Horfewel hath 
the Conquerour, 
Conte hee is maried 
where hee isnow 
in that counttey, 
ie and wealth, but 
known ſuth hopris 
therefore J had als 
erue againe in the 
Dthat at one time 
o be ftript of all, 
> Grogranes and 
Peres to ſerue him, 
taught me vnder 
n ſulpicion. Dotu: 
J had a meaning 
zom J would ans 
ew all very well 
Handing J was 
that d had bound 
runne away, and 
at thou depart not 
er porte, To the 
d thy fellowes ale 


pereof there came 
r at the port of A. 
oile cherof. which 
begay 20 ſhiſt for 
a generall mufter 
of 7000. and udde 
ber of . 
0 


les Phils, Mies Pbilips 


Ain them, and dar i 


Thomas Hul us 


NO diet, all things 


hene, mone then a moneth before we 


of the Englifh nation. 576 


ISeltt nes, 
perfong, 
aan oe pane 
ee nde g oe aye pern gourrwout 
Apen n England Aud chen he demauuded of vn it we knew one Francis Djahe, tind 


mnſwered, no. 1 
A ibile ttele chings were in doing, there came newes that all the Engliſhmen were gone, yet 


nusthere eight hundꝛed men made out vnder the leading of ſeuerall captaines, wheteof two (ins 
nd beer (ent to the porte of D. Iohn de Vilua, vpon the oth Dea vnder the conduct of Don 
Luys Suares, cwo hunted mere ſent to Guatimala inthe South fea, who had for their capeaiiie 
Join Cortes, t wo hundzed moze were ſent to Guatul co, a port of the South ſea, ouer whom went 
fgcaptaine Don Pedro de Rohlis, and tuo tumdꝛed moze were ſent to Acapulco, che vox tahete 
bins lapd chat Captaine Drake had bene. And they had fo Captaine doctoy Roblis Alcalde de 
Core, with whom A Miles Philips went as interꝛeter, hauing licence giuen by the Tnquift 
un. ben we were come to Acapulco, we found that Captaine Drake was Departed fram 
cafe thither, But yet our captaine Alcalde de Corte there 
peientip enbarken himſelle in a (mall thip of the {cope tunne op thereabout, hauing alfo in com: 
genie with him two ober ſmall barkes and not patt two hundꝛed men in all, wich whom J went 
interpreter in his owne thip, which God knoweth was but weake and ill appointed, fo chat fop 
eertaine, if we had met with captaine Dake, he might ea lily haue taken vs all: ee being im 
perked kept our courſe and raune Southward towards Panama, keeping Mill as nigh the thore 
gs be could, and leauing the land vpon our left hand, and hauing coaſted thus fon the ſpate of eigh 
terne on twentte Dapes, and were mozeto the South then Guatimala, wee met at laſt with ot 

thips which came from Panama, of whom we were certainly infoymen that he was cleane gone 
ofthe coalt moge then a moneth before: and ſo we returned backe to Acapulco againe, and there 
Imbed, our Captaine being thereunto forced, becaule his men were very fore fea fiche: All the 
wllethat J was at Sea wich chem, J was a glad man, im J hoped that if we mer with matter 
Drake, we Would all be taken, fo that chen J fhould haue bene fred out ok chat danger and miles 
retmberein J liued, and ſhould returne to mine owne countrep of England againe. But milfing 
3 fame there was no temedie but that wee mutt needes conie on land againe; 

anp man know the forotn and griefe that inwardly A felt, although ouetoardly J was ed 

frained to make faite weather of it. And fo being landed the next moꝛom after, we began our dur. 
wp cowards Mexico, and paſt hele townes of name in our wap, as firſtthe towne of Tuatepec, 
soleagues from Mexico, from thente to Waſhaca, 40, leagues from Mexico: from thence to 


555 24. league from Mexico, and From thence to Lo pueblo de los Angelos, where ian big 


which caſteth out lire tige times a dap, which bill is 1 8 leagues in maner dirertly Melk from 
Perico, from thence we went to Stapelapa, 8 leagues from Mexico, and there our taptaint and 
molt of his men tooke boate, and tame to Mexico againe, hauing bene foonth about the fpace of fe: 
ten werkes oz thereabouts. Dur captaine made report to the Uiceroy what he had done and how 
la he bau travelled, and that foz certaine he was infoymen that captaine Dyake was not to bee 
pardof, Co which the Uiteroy replied and lait, Oure ly we ſhall haue him ſhontly come tito our Ip. 
bunds dnuena land though neceflitic in ſome one place op other, kor he being ae thefe feas 
Sur, it is not pollible ko him to get out of them againe ſo that if he perilh not at 
finre bim to land. And chen agame A was commanded by the Uiceroy chat J ould not deparethe 
dite of Mexico, but al wayes be at mp matters houſe in a readineſſe at an howert warning, hen 
heuer J ſhould be called l;: chat notwithſtanding within one moneth after certaine Spaninrds 
going to Mecameca, 181 leagues ftom Merito, toſend awap certaine hives and Cuchiotelio, 
thatthep had there at chett Stantiaes op daitie houſes, and my matter hauing legte ok the Secreta: 
riefor me to qype wurh them. FI cooke mp iourney with them being very wel hojſed and appoigerv, 
mdtanmming khither and palling thetime there at Mecameca certaine dapez till we had peter 
intelligence that che fleete was ready to depatt, J not being palt z. vapes tourney from che porte of 
lohn de Vllua, thought it to be the meeteſk time for me to make an eſcape, and J was the bol 
1 my Spanith tongue, which I (pake as naturally as any of them kin 

my lelle that when J tame to W. Iohn de Vilua, I would get to bee entertained as afortor 

tut, ind fe goe home into Spaine in the fame Fleete, and therefore ſecretly one tuening late, th 
none ſhining faire, I conueied my ſelfe aby; and riding ſo fon the {pace oft wo nighes and th 
dapes, ſametuùnes iu, and ſometimes out, refting very little all chat time, vpon the ſecond matt 


: Svan 
‘OF Wicerep pics 
; but 


lea. pet hunget wil tate, 


... nhpiomeineeccgeigdaehinidimertnneincinascrecsornes 
577 The voyages and diſcoueries Adiles Phill, 

— — ÿ—ŕ—Ü— — — — 
che den 


priſoner, 


into Eng 


ee eee 

tation. J] bought i : 

ee . 
many other pulanerg which were thiher fa 


. — was a nen paire Mee e 
edna cer between p (hackles, ¢ caufed mp hands to be made faſt witha pit 
of manactes,anbd fo mas I preftntly laid into a wagon all alone, which was there ready to depart 
with ſunduy other wagons to the munber of So. towards Mexico, and thexall were laden mnith 
fry prmerchandize which came in the ſleete out of Sppaine. 

that J was in was fozemoſt of all the companic, er Abeing @ 


e readyto 
force es 


welled Ti being o 
es, and as Gov 


| Mies Philips. 
cise vr late 


of the Engliſh nation. 
tolmards night wt mov of the Magoners we 
bp their wagon sn A cng loeb kif mp bl, of 
in che darbe of the euening before they returned down l 
ns the whos then obiopbg. carping tp bolts and manacles with me, and a few bil⸗ 
Pt anal cheefe, ne bet come ino the ons tein mp pons ino a hick bul, 
then contered them with moſſe anv other ching s, anv then thiften for mp ſelfe as A might all 
eng anv chs bt gun pounce e nen mine ent 
fang the toller, that was about mp necke,and ſo gos my libertie the ſerondtime. 


The 7. Chapter. 


gs ſhewed how tefcaped to Guatimala, vpon the South ſea, and from thence to the 
port of Cauallios, where I got paſſage to goe into Spaine, and of our arriuall at the Ha- 
uana, and our comming to Spaine, where I was againe like to haue bene committed 
prifoner,andhow thtough the great mercit ofGed1 eſcaped and came home in ſafetie 
into England, in Februarie 1582. 


0 oe ie nest oyna ony lige being un bh pen gig, debe Sounne rif what 
bey A eve aoe ache Afledde, J tooke the wap into the 
* pon the lett bande: and hauing left that way that wentto Mexico vyon 
2 ; pete bat eae e derben tour as be toooda an mmer lap, 
Rill vitert Douthas neere as J toulde: hy meanes thereof J was {ure to con 
sep nip (ete rw puogh from that way that went to Mexico. And as J was 
Sasi om nh ena tarp eee erte, d ce Laer 
mamtaine tubere J was, al trauniling thus in my bootes with mine pron 
ea pean ene nen z eco n. 
were hunting ol veare for their ſuſtenance, to whome A ſpabe in the Mexicane tongue, and tolde 
then bobie that A had of d long time . by the cruel e did deſire 
chem to helpe mie file off mine prot toller. which they willing ly did, reiayting greatly wich mee, 
ud was thus eſcapen out of the Spaniards handen. Then — —ͤ—p of 
hen to gude me out of thofe delart mauutaines towardes the South; ren e es 
lugh div: and fo they bzougbt * ahoree 8. leagues viſtant from thence named Sha- 
lapa, tahete J faved 5, Dapes, fop that I was fometubat fickelp, At which tonne (with che golde 
ge tun ere sa oo hoa toſt me 6,Pe- 
ſoes and fc tra Vouth werben che fpace of 2 Fi bappened to ourrtake a grap Frier, 
tiethat J had bene familiat CCC 
eee ee ttt the Inquilitoꝛs, andtrueip bee wien 
ine berp tourteotifly + and J hauing continence in him did indeede tell him. that A wan minded to 
shientuite to ler if I could get out of the fain countrep, if A cruld ide Hipping, and din 
Pity him ok his ayde, virettion, aud avuite herent, which hee faithfully did, not onely in diverting, 
nn 
FFF n intertained vs well be cas 
theted amorier them in money to the value of 20. Peſoes, which at my departure from him hee 
. Do came I tothe cite of Guatimala hpon the South ſea, which is diſtant 
ico, about 25, leagues, tobere J ſtayen 6. dayes, for chat my boꝛſe was weahe. Aud 
from ehence A ctntiatle (eat Douth and by Catt feuen daves iourney, paſling by tertaine Indian 


nen vntill I came to an Indian totone diſtant tum Mexico, direct South 3 09. leagues. Any 


— thie towne enquiring to goe to the pont Cauallos in the Hottheaſt ſea, It was anſ werev 
that in trauatling thither J chould not come te aup totone in 10,0} 1 2, dayes iourney: ſo bere 3 

ted cwo Indians to be my gutde, and J borighs bennes,and beats ſerue vs fo lang time, and 
teoke tnith bs thing to kindle fire euerx night, becruſe of milde heattes, and co dyeſſe our meates 
d euery night when wee telted, my Indian guives would make two great fires, betweene the 
which we placed our —7—“ͤ du henge en bee Lae, 
bith Cppersi Oimced,auv ocher beattes, anv fee.in che night, which ban 
tpen ſhiüng Whe fire,” 1 —— apes wer tame at laſt to chs 
tot Cariallos vpomthe Catt fea; bidtautirum — ant and hy . 

bundle Mexico 40, on theteabouta. tisis ung harhonme 8 

either taftle of tullwarke, J batthig vilnatchedame gm guide, went tothe ha⸗ 
.. Cay her ar et eo 


379 The voyages and diſcoueries Ailes Philips ö 


Malters who aſted me what Countrep man J was, and A told him that A was bome in Gtant. 
do, x be laid that then J was his councrepman, A required dim that I might palle dome uch hin 


in his ſhip paying for my pallageꝛ and be laid yea, fo chat I had a ſafe tondutt: q letter my life on 
to ſhew chat he might incurre no danger; for ſaid he, it may be that pou haue killed fome aA alters 
indebted, and would therfore runne awap: To that A aul weren that there was not any ſuth tue. Euglübman tha 
Mel in the end we grew to a pꝛite, that for 6o,pezoes,he would cary me into Spainei a glad una ts God J might 
was J at this good hap. and J quickly ſolo my hoꝛſe, x made my pꝛouiſion of hennes and bende nichin doodes at 
ſerue me in my paflage; And thus within 2. dapes alter we {et fatle, and neuer Raped vntill net toget me new cl 
came to the Hlauana, which is viſtant from port de Cauallios bp fea 500,leagues: inhere we folin in bougtt me al 
che whole fleete ol Spaine, which was bounde home from the Indies. And here q mas tren ing deouerbolde to b 
ſouldter ta ſerue in che Admiral {hip of the ſame lieete, wherein the General himſelk went. Chere $.Lucar bound fc 
landed while J was here 4. ſhips out of Spaine being all ful of fouloiers and opdinance, of wih che J migbt hau 
nomber there were 200. men landed here ¢ . great daſle pieces of opdinance,alcbough the caltle thofe which Capt 
were befone ſufficiently pꝛouided: 200, men moze were ſent to Campeche, i tertaine opdinance; him excu led 
200. to Florida with opdinance, And 100. latly to S. Iohn de Vilua, As fo; opdinance therethep Feame Mhich 
haue luffltient, and of the very fame which was ours, which we had in the lefus, and thoſt others not without watt 
which we had plancen inthe place, where the Vice Roy betrayed M. Hawkins our general, as ath there J put mp | 
bene declared, The lending of thofe foulviers to euerp of thole pores, and che frengthening of jorca,and cummi 
them, was done by tommandement from the king of Spaine,twhe wote alſo by them to the gene. the one of Londo: 
krall ok his fleete giuing him in charge {0 to doe a allo diretting him what courte be ſbould ketye Mafatte wind.“ 
in his comming home into Spaine, charging him at any band not to come wigh to the yles of A o- Nu bene 2. pee 
res. but to keepe his courfe mopeto the Nonthwarde, aduertifing him withall, what nomber and ad (ce my frien 
power of French ſhips ol warre, and other, Don Anthony had at that time at the Tercera, ¢pleg Ftooke ſhipping. 
afopefaid: which the general ol the fleece well conſidering and what great Bore of riches he hade wing luſtaine m. 
bing home with him into Spaine. did in all very duetifullp obſerue and obep : fon in truethhe hap came home to chi 
in his ſaid fleete 3 7. ſaile of hips, and in eutry of them there was as good as 3 o. pipes of ſluet am humit in the thi 


with another. belides great fore of gold, Cochenelio, ſugers, hides, and Cana Fiſtula, with other 
Apothetarie ugs. This our general, ho was called Don Pedro de Gufman,pid peuideniiy 
take onder fop, for their mol ſtrength and vefence,if neede ſhould be to the vttermoſt of his power, 
and commanded vpon paine of death chat neither palſenger non louldier ſbould come aboodd with 
out his Iwoꝛd and ulle, with ſhot and potuder,tothe end that they might be the better able 
to encounter the fleete ut Don Anthony, if then thouln hap to meete wich them m any of them sans 
euer as che weather was faire, the ſaid general would himſelk go aboo d from one fhip to another, 
to fee that euery man had his full pꝛauiſion acropving ta che commandement giuen. Det to fpeake 
truely what I thinke two good call Hips of warte would haue made a foule ſpoile amongſtthem. 
Fa; in all this ſleete there were not anp that were ſtrong and warlike appointen ſauing onely the 
Admiral, and Vice Amira And againe auer and beſides the weakened and the ill furnithing of 


kdto one Iohn F 
pettes maried wi 
one whole peere ¢ 
bee the oꝛders o 
feene the fleetes ¢ 
Shute, pearles m 
termine with hi 


|. Whence ſuch ores 
(el Field wher 
Pmicle, with his 
Cente of the f 0 
the laid Tomſon 


nn ſeeing the it 
ed 


s 1, and there 
the take ap at fire 


what nomber and 
Tergera, ¢pleg 
of tiches he haves 
n in trueth he hap 
pipes of filuerone 


ede 


. whence 
L Fi 
bintell 


Robert Tomſon. of the Englith nation. 


pert moming A came to Siuill am fougie me out a wopkematter chat A migtt fall to my (rience, 
which was weauing of taffataes, and being intertained I {et my ſelt cioſe to my worhe, and durſt 
gut for mp life once to ſtitre abjoad fe feare of being knowen, and being thus at my wopke witty 
11 after3 heard one of my felowes ſap chat be heard there was great inqutrie made fop an 
lihman that came home in the ſleete: what an heretique Lucheran (quoth ) was it, I would 
to God J might knowe bim ſurely J would mꝛeſent him to che Holy boule, Aud thus A kept Mill 
nichin doozes at my wolle, and fained my ſeile not well at eaſe, x chat A would laboꝛ as J might 
o get me new clothes. And continuing thus kon the {pace of 3. moneths J called to my wages, 
an bougbt me all things ne we. different from the apparel chat I did weare at ſea, and pet Dutt not 
deouerbolde to walke abꝛoad t and after vnderſtanding that there were certaine Engliſh tips at 
8. Lucar bound for England, J tooke a boate and went abooꝛd one of them, and deſired the Maſter 
chat A might baue pallage with him to goe into Eng land, and told him ſetretly that J was one of 
which Captaine Hawkins did fet on ſhoare in che Indies: he very courteoully prayed mee to 
ercuted,for he durſt not meddle with me, e praped mee therefore to returne from whence 
Frame, IAbich when J perceinev, wich a forowful heart God knoweth J tooke my leaue of him, 
not without watrie cheeks, And then J went to S. Mary port, which is 3 leagues from S. Lucar, 
here J put my ſelt to be a ſouldier to go in the k. ot Spaines Gallies, which were bound fo) Ma- 
iorca and comming thither in the end ok Chꝛiumas bolydapeg, J found there 2. Engliſh Nips, 
the one of London, aud che other of the Melt countrey, which were ready fraighted and Raped but 
ha faire wind, To the . ok che one, which was of the Melt countrep went J, and cold him that 
Ibo bene 2. peeres in Spaine to learne the language, and that I was nowe delirous to go home 
and {ee my friends. f; that J lacked maintenance: and fo hauing agreed with him for my pallage 
Itooke ſhipping. And thus though the pꝛouidence of Almightie Gad, after 16. peres ablence, ha⸗ 
wing futained many and ſundꝛy great troubles and miferies, as by this difcourfe appeareth, J 
came home to this my natiue countrey of Eng land, in the peere 1582, in the che moneth of Fee 
bmarie in che ſhippe called the L andret, and atriued at Poole. 


The voyage of Robert Tomſon marchant, into Noua Hiſpa- 
nia in the yere 155 5. With diners obferuations concerning the 
ſtate of the Countrey: And certaine accidents touching himſelfe. 
bert Tomſon boꝛnein the towne ol Andouer in Hampſhire, begun his trauaile out of 
Re England in An. 755 z in the moneth of Marth, who departing out or citie of Briftol 
na a goon (hip called the Barke yong, in companic af ocher marchants of the (aide citie, 
WIS within 8, dayes after atriued at Lisbone in Portingal, where the ſaid Robert Tom- 
fon remained 1 5. dayes, at the end of which be ſhipyen bimfelfe fo2 Spaine in the ſaid ſhippe, and 
within . dayes arriued in the bay of Cadiz in Andalufia,wwhichis vnder the kingvome of Spaine, 
amd trom thence tranatlen vp tothe Citie of Siuil by land, which is 20. Ieagues, and there he repai⸗ 
toto one Iohn Fields houſe an Englich morrhant, wbo had dwelt in 5 ſaid citie of Siuil 18,02 20, 
leres maried with wife and childzen: In whole boule the ſaid Tomſon remained bythe ſpace of 
one whole peere op there about, for 2. cauſes : The one to learne the Caſtilian tongue, The other 


bdſee the oꝛders okthe countrey, and the cuftomes of the people. At the ende ol whichtime hauing 


feene the fleetes of (hips come out of the Indies to that citie, with ſuch great quantitie of golde and 
Rur, pearles precious ſtones, ſuger, hives, ginger, and diners other riche tommodities hee did Des 
fermnine with himfelfe to fecke meanes ¢ opportunitic to paſſe ouer to lee that rich tountrey from 
ſuch great quantitie of rich tõmodities came. And it fel out that within ſhoꝛt time after the 
dee eee determine to 15 ouer into thecMeſt Indies 
with his wife, chüdzen ¢ kamilie, and at the requeſt of the laid Tomſon, he purchalen a lie 
Cente of the Ring to palle into the Indies, for himfelfe, his wie ¢ childꝛen, ¢ among chem alfo for 
the lud Tomſon to paſſe with them: fo that pꝛelently they made preparation of victual ¢ other nes 
tellary pꝛouiſion fo2 the boyage. But the Hips which were prepared to performe the voyage being 
il ready to depart, vpon certaine conſiderations by the kings commandement were Mayen ¢ ats 
teften cil further thouly be knowen of the kings plealure. Nbereupon the laid John Field, with R. 


Tomſon and his company being departed out of Siuil ¢ come downe to S. Lucar 15. leagues off, 


an ſeeing che Rap made vpon the ſhips of the laid fleete, & being not aſſured when they would des 
are to ſhippe themſelues for the ples of the Canaries, which is 250. leagues from . 

r anp there to Kap till the ſaid fleece ſhould come thit her: for chat is continually their pont to 
make lay at fire on eight dapes, R and other necellaries, 


580 


981° Ikhbhe voyages and diſcoueries ‘Robert Tom/on, 


— —Ä—— 
Do that in the rwargthaf Febguaris in An. 155 f abt ſam Rob. Tomfon with the aid lohn field 


and bis company. Hipped theme lues out of the tome ol S. Lucar in a taruel of the ctie of Cadiz, 
and within 6 dayes thep artiued at the port ofthe Grand Canaris, where at our conmung the typ 
that rode in the laid por beganne to cry out of all meafure wich led voyces. in fo much thatthe 
Caſrle which ſtoode lait by began to thoote at vu, and thot 6. & 8. hot at va, and ftrooke dohmt our 
maine malte, befope we could boife out dur bonte to gu on land. to know what the caule ofthe hoo: 
ting was ſeeing that we were Spanith thips, and comming into dis countrep. Ho that being an 
land e camplayning of the wong and damage done vnto baxthcp anſtuered that they bad though 
wee had bene French rouerꝝ, that had tome into che {ain pont, to do Lome harme to the ſhippes thar 
were there. Fon that g. dapes paſt, there went out of the ſaid port a caruel much like vnto ours la 
den wih lugers and other marchandile for Spaine, and on the other fine of the point of the (ain J · 
land, met witch a Frenchman of warre, who toake the (aid caruel, vulaved out of her into the fain 
Freuchſhip, both men y goods. And being demaunded of (aid Spaniards what other hips remai, 
ned in che pore whente they came, They anſwered that there remained divers other Chips andone 
laden with ſugarg (as they were) ¢ ready to Depart loꝭ Spaine, vũ the which ne wes the French. 
men put 30.tall men of their ſbip wel appointed. into the laid caruel that they had taken, and ſent 
her backe againe to the ſaid poꝛt from whence ſhe had dthe day before. And ſome what late 
towards the euening came into the pont, not ſhe wing pat 3,0) 4. Men, and ſo came to an ancte hard 
by che other hips p were in the laid port, ¢ being ſeene by the cattle ¢ by the {aid ſhips, they mare 
uo reckoning of her, becauſe they knew her, and thinking that the had found contrarp winds at the 
ſea. o had loꝛgot ſome ching bebinde them, they had returned n the lame, x fo made 
no accompt other, but let her alone riding quietly among the other hips in the ſaid pores So that 
about midnight the (ain caruel with the Frenchmen in her, went abooꝛd the other ſhip that lay ham 
by laden with ſugars, and dʒoue the Spaniards that were in her vnder hatches, and pꝛeſently let liy 
her tables and ancres, and (ct ſaile and caried her cleane awap, & aſter this {ort deteiued them: 
And they thinking oz fearing that we were the like, did Hoote at vs as they did. This being paſt, 
the next day after our arriual in the ſaid pozt, we did vnbarke our ſelues and went on lande vpto 
the citie oꝛ head toute ofthe great Canaria, where we remained 18,03 20. dapes: and there found 
certaine Engliſhmen marchants ſeruants of one Anthony Hickman ¢ Edward Caſtelin, mar. 
chants of the citie ol London, that lay there in trafique,of whome wee receiued great tourteſie aun 
much good cheere, Alter the which 20. dapes being pat, in the which we had ſeene the countrey, 
the people, and the difpofition thereof, wee departed from thence, and palſed tothe next ple of the 
Canaries 18. leages off, called Tenerife, ſt being tome on land, went vp to the citie called the La 
Laguna, where we remained 7. mogeths, attending the comming ok the whole ficete: which inthe 
ende came, ann there hauing taken that which they had uerde off, we hipped our {elues in a ſbip of 
Cadiz, being one ofthe {aid fleete, which was belonging to an Engliſhman marie in the citie ol 
Cales in Spaine, whofe name mas John Sweeting, and came in the ſaide . taptaine allo an 
Engliſhman maried in Cadiz ſonne in lam to the ſaide Iohn Sweeting, whofe name was Leo- 
nard Chilton, and alſo came in the fade ſhip another E n which bad bene a marchant of 
the citie of Exeter, one of 50, peeres.op. chere about, name was Raph Sarrc, So that wee 


Departed fromthe {aid Illands in the moneth of October the forefain peere d. ſhips W a 
nie, and fo directed our courſe towards the bay of newe Spaine, and by the way towardes the 


land of S. Domingo, otherwiſe called Hiſpaniola. So 
from the ples of Canaries, we arriued with our ſhip at the pain rie add went in quet the 
barre wohere our Hip knocked her keele at her entries and there our ſhip rid before p towne, where 
we went on land and refreſhed our ſe lues 16. dayes, where we found no bꝛead made ol wheat, but 
biſket bꝛought out of Spaine, and out of the bap of Mexico: for the countrey it ſelfe doeth yeeld m 
kinde ol graine to make bꝛead withall. But che bread they make there is certaine cakes made of 
rootes, called Caſſauia, which is ſomeching fubftanciall, but it bath but an vnſauery table in 
the eating thereof. Fleſh ol beefe aud mutton they haue great Roze sfop there are men that hath 
10000, head of caetel of oxen. bulls and kine, which they do keepe onely for the bides foꝛ the qua 
titie of flethis fo great, that they are not able to ſpendchetundꝛeth part. Dogs flelh is there good 
fore, very ſweete ¢ ſauery, and fo bolfome that they giue it to licke folkes to eat in Mead of hemes 
and capous: although they haue good ſcozs of poultrie ofthat ſont, as alſo of Guinycocks ¢ Guiny 
bens. At the time of our being there the citie of S. Domingo was not of aboue 500. houtholosot 
Spaniards, but of the Indians Dwelling in the ſuburbs chere were more, The countrep is molt part 

the vere very bet, x very ful of a kindef flies cd quate with long bile, which vo ppicke ¢ mole 
the peopie esp muh inde nde uber cher ar allege, pricing hir tces @ hang an u 


— 


within 42, dayes after wer departe i 


dad be caſt vpo 
ſeewinde and fes 


ofthat hip 75. pe 


. ——. 


outs, la 
bint of the {ain J. 
K her into the lad 


b pꝛeſently let lip 
t deceiued them: 
This being paſt, 
ent on lande vy 
B: and there found 
d Caſtelin, mats 

cat tourteſie and 


n taptaine allo an 
ename was Leo. 
ne a marchant of 
re, So that wet 


ips in our comp 
towardes the 
fter wee depatte 


r went in duet the 
e towne, where 
ade of wheat, but 
fe doeth yeeld na 
ine cakes made ol 


des, foꝛ the quan 
eth is there good 
in ſtead of hemes 
aycocks g Guiny 


Tonen 


e ſald lohn Field 
he citie ol Cadiz, 


. —— ̃ — 


a 
7 
bib 


. { MAlmightic God, thinking neuer to efcape aliue: pet it pleated God in the time of mol neede 
4 i 7 


her clothes roſe aboue water againe, and was caught by the coat ¢ pulled into the bon bane 
Aber childe vnder her arme, both of them halle notwned, and pet her natural loue towards her 
| Childe would not let her let the childe goe. And when {hee came abooꝛde the boate, thee helde her 
che fo faſt vnder her arme Mil,chat tamen were {cant able to get it out. So we Departed out of 
nrſpippe and left it in the fea: it was worth foure hundneth choufande ducats, hippe and goods 
when we left it. And within thꝛee dapes after wee arriued at our port of S. lohn de Vllua in 
NeweSpaine, J doe remember that in the great and boptterous Moyme of this foule wear 
ther, in the night. there came vpon the toppe of our maine parde and maine maſte, a certaine 
Hele ligbt, much like vnto the light of a litele candle, which the Spaniards calle che Corpos 
ſncto and laide it wa faint Elmo, whome they „ of Sailers.Ac the ‘it 
88 3 


583 


The voyagesanddilcoueries ‘Robert Tomo; 
ligbe the Spaniards fell dome vpon their knees and woꝛſhipped it, aud ppaping God and faine El. 
mo to ceate the comment, aud faue them from che perill that they were in, with — 
that at their comming on lande, they twoulorepaire vnto bis Chappell, anv there cauſe Malen 

to be laide. and other teremontes to bee done. Che F riers ca reliques into che (ea, tocaule te 
ſea to be Gil, and lkewiſo ſolde Galpels, with other croflings and ceremonies vyon the featy 
make the ſtoꝛme to ceaſe: which (as they ſaid) did much good to weaken the Furie of. 
But J could not perreine it, noꝭ gaue no crevice to its tili it pleaſed God tu ſende vs che remedie 
and veliuered vs from the rage of che came is Name be patfeotherefone, This ligbe contimen, 
abooꝛde our hippe about 3. boures, ping from matte tu maſte, and from toppe to toppe:and fome, 
time it woulde bee in rw oz tine places at oute. J infoꝛmed mp felfe of learned men afer. 
ward what that lighs ould be, and they ſaibe, that it was but a conge lation of the winde and 
vapours of the lea congedten with the ertremitie ofthe weather, and fo fiping in che winde muy 
times doeth chance to hit in the mates and ſo des el the ſhippes that are at fea in foule weather. 
And in trueth J vocake Meo be lo : fon that haue ſeene the line in oches {hips at ſea and in ſund 
ſhips at once. By this men may lee hotathe Papitts ate giuen to beleeue and woꝛſhip lich vaing 
things and topes, as God tu whome all Honour doth apperdaine, and in their neede and necellicieg 
doe lett to call wpon the liuing God, who is the giuer all good things. 
The 16. of April in An. 1556. we arrived at the pont of . Iohn de Vllua in newes paine, very 
naked ¢ viltreſſed of apparel, x all other things by meanes ofthe loſſe of our fopefain (hip ¢ goons, 
and from thence we went to the new cowne called Vera cruz, 5, leagues from the [aid portofs, 
Ioh.de Vllua, matching ſtil by § ſea fue, where we found lying vpon the fands great quantitie of 
migbtie great trees wich rotes ¢ al fore of them of 4.5. & 6. cart load by our eſtimatiou, which as 
the people told vs, were in the great ſtoꝛmy weather which we dured at ſea, rooted out of p grid 
in Terra Florida, righeagainſt that place, which is 300. leagues ouer by ſea, and broughe thither, 
So that we came tothe ſaid to wne of Vera cruz, where we remained a moneth: and there the fain 
Tohn Field chanced to meet with an olv friend of his acquaintance in Spaine, calles: C ongalo Ru- 
iz de Cordoua,a very riche man of the {aie totone of Vera cruz: who hearing of i tõmug this 
ther wich his wife ¢ famélp,and of his miffoneume by fea, came vnto him ¢ receiued hin and albis 
houſhold into his boule, ¢ kept vs there a whole moneth, making vs very good cheere, x giuing 
vs good interteinment & alſo gaue vs that were in al 8. perſons of che ſaid I. Fields houle, double 
apparel new out of the (hop of very good cloth,coates,cloakes, hole, (hirts, ſmocks, gownes fop the 
women, hole, ſhoes and al other neceflarp apparel and fop our way vp to che citie of Mexico,bonfe, 
moples,¢ men, ¢ monep in our purſes for the expences by the way, which by our accompe might 
amount onto the ſummt of 400. cromnes. So that after we wereentred 2. dapes tourney into the 
countrep, I the ſaid Robert Tomſon fel ſicke of an aguez ſo that the next vay J was not able tole 
on my hohle, but was faine to be cariedvpon Indians back, from thence to Mexico, And when we 
tame vichin half a vapes tourney of the citie of Mexico the ſaid I. Field allo fel ficke and within 3, 
dayes after we arriued at the {aid citie, he died: And prefently ſickened one of his childzen, and ꝛ. 
moꝛe of his houſhold people, and within d. dayes died. So that within 10, dayes after we arriuen 
at the citie ol Mexico, of 8. perſons that were of vs or p fain company, there remained but 4. of vs 
aliue, I the ſaid Tomſon at the point of death of the ſicknes that I got vpon the wap, which cb 


tinued with me the {pace of ö. moneths. At the end ol which time it pleaſed almigbty God to refine 


me my health againe, although weake ¢ greatly diſabled. And being ſome thing ſtrong, J pꝛocw 
red to feeke meanes to liue, to ſeeke a way how to profit my felf in p countrey, ſeeing it had pleas 
fev God to {end vs thither in ſafetie. Then by friẽdſhip of one Th. Blake a Scotiſh man bome, who 
had dwelt e had bene maried in the laid citie aboue 20. yeeres before I came to the ſaide Citie. 
was pꝛeferred tothe ſeruite of a gentleman a Spaniard pivelling there, a man of great wealch, 
and one of the lirſt conquerers ofthe ſaide citie, whofe name was Gongalo Serezo, with whom 
Idwelt 12. moneths e a half. At the end ofeohich J was maliciouſip accufen bythe holp houſe for 
matters of religion, æ fo apprehended and carien to ppifon, where J lap cloſe pꝛiſoner 7. moneths, 
without (peaking to any creature, but to p Jailer that kept the ſaid pꝛiſon, when he bꝛought men 
meate g dꝛinke. In the meane time was bꝛougbt into the ſaid pꝛiſon one Auguſtin Boacio an Yea 
lian of Genoua alſo fo matters of religion, who was taken at Sacatecas 80, leagues to the 
Doutheattwardof the citie of Mexico: At the ende of the ſayde ſeuen moneths, wee were both 
taried to the high Church of Mexico, to doe open penance vpon an high Scaffolve , made befoye 
the high Altar, vpon a Sunday. in the prelence of a very great nomber of people, who were at 
the leaſt fine op fire thouſande. Foꝝ there were hat came one hundꝛeth mile off, to lee the ſayde 
Auto (as thep call it:) top that there were neuer none beldze, that ban dene the ike in 


ty. echte b 
$e ant putting vs i 


. 
= 
g 


pidlife and put i 
tes and loſt. And 
bertic. And for | 
downe from Me: 
in Spaine, whicl 
michets,the Mal 
puto the Inquuſit 
fhould fulfil our 

here gi 0) 
tas 65 league: 

tatied fo? Spaine 
pinfetfe in Spair 
ger when we we 


the Azores:the fi 
men.tito get hi 
ty got him to the 
tingall, inebe w 
ended his like in t 
Spaine, and twas 
ue pꝛiſon til J 
put out of ppift 
m Eng liſh mere 
Citie ol Mexico 
bad got great ſu 
in Spaine, and b 
nume was Mari 
ith her. The mi 
tis ok great pice 
their truſt in 
e wonld, ſhould 
could attaine vn 
fet vp in the hig 
ble ¢ cuſtome, w 
Auers others oft 
And becaute it ſh 


ede and neceflities 


ne bee Spaine, very 
laid Chip ¢ goons, 
the laid portofs, 
great quantitie of 
imation, which as 
ted out of z gwid 
d bought chither, 
z and there the laid 
lle. Gongalo Ru. 
of ira coming thie 

7 him and al hig 
o cheere, x giui 
elds dolle bt 
8, gownes fo) the 
ot Mexico hie, 
ir accompt might 
8 tourney into the 
was not able tole 
co, And when we 
che, and witlun 3, 
is childꝛen, and 2, 
g after we arriued 
ained but 4. of vs 


beyGodtoreftoe - 


g ſtrong, J proce: 
ſeeing it had pleas 
hman bone, tho 
the faide Citi, 
Lof great wealch, 
ezo, with hum 
he holy houſe for 
oner 7,moneths, 
e bꝛought memy 
n Boacio an Yas 
o. leagues to the 
, wee were both 
de, made before 
ple, who were at 
j to fee the lade 
the like in the 

ſaide 


r , ’ 
Robert Tomſon. oftheEnglifhnation. 384 
Countrey, no could not tell what Lutheranes were nop tobat it meant: foꝛ hep neuer , 
rronp üncbeheng befope Alle were gag into che Churrb,euerp ane with . Bente vpon bis 
dach, which is balfe a pard of pellow cloth, with a hole to put in a mans head in the nudſt, aud cat 
quer a mans hende: boch flaps hange one befoye and an other behinde, nnd in the middeſt of cuerp 
8. Andrews croſſe, made of ted cloth, ſowed on byonthe ſame, and that is called S. Benito. 
common people, before they ſawe the penitents come into the Church, were ginen to vnder⸗ 
imd that we were Infidels, and people that did deſpiſe God, and his workes,and that 
ve had bene moge like deuils then men, and thougdte we had had the fauour of ſome monſterg, oz 
Heathen people. And when they ſam vs come into the Church in our plaiers cvates the women ¢ 
Torneo out, and made ſuch a noiſe that it was ſtrange to fee and heare, ſaping, that 
neuer law goodlier men in all their lines, and that it was not poflible that there could be in 
ib much euil, as was reported ol vs, and that we were more like Augels among men then ſuch 
perfons of ſuch euil religion as by che and Friers we were reported to be, and that it was 
great pitie that we ſhould be fo vſed fo fo ſmal an offente. Do that being brought into the ſaide 
bird Church, and ſet vpon the ſtaffold which was made before the big altar, in the pretence of al 
depeople vntil high Malle was done, and the ſermon made by a Frier, concerning our matter, 


5 and putting vs in all the vilgrace they could, to cauſe the people not to take ſo much compaſſion 


won vs lo that we were Heretikes, and people that were ſeduced of the deuill, and fopfaken the 
faith of he Catholike Church ol Rome, with divers other reprochful words, which were too long 
forecite in this place. High Mallel¢ ſermon being done, our offences, as they called them, were res 
e man wohat be had ſaid and don, and pꝛeſently was the ſentence pronounced agatnſt vs. 
Chat was that the ſaid Auguſtine Boacio was condemned to weare his S. Benito all the daies of 
Pealife,and put into perpetual pꝛiſon, where he ſhoulde fulfil the fame, and all his goods conliſca⸗ 
led and lot. And I the ſaid Tomſon to weate the S. Benito fop 3. pecres, and then to be fet at lis 
bertic. And fop the accompliſbing of this ſentence o; condemnation, we muſt be pꝛeſently feng 
dotune from Mexico, to Vera Crux, and from thence to S. lohn de VIlua, and there to be ſhipped 
in Spainc, which was 65. leagues by land, with ſtrait commandement, that vpon paine of 1000. 
nutkets the (Batters euerp one ſhould looke ſtraitly onto vs, aud catp vs to Spaine, and deliuer vs 
gntothe Inquſttoꝛs of the Holy houſe of Siuill, that they ſhould put vs in the places, where we 
fhould fullil our penances that the Archbithopof Mexico had enioyned vnto ee fentence 
there giuen. Foz performance of the which, we were {ent downe from Mexico,to the lea ſide, which 
as Ss league tut ith fett ers vpon our feete, and there deliuered to the Matters of the thips,to be 
tied fo Spaine, as betone is ſaid. And it was ſo, chat the Italian fearing that if he hab pꝛeſented 
unſelle in Spaine befoyeche Inquiſitoꝛs, that thep woulde haue burned him, to ppeuent that bans 
ger when we were comming homeward, ¢ were arriued at the Alland of Tercera, ole of the Illes of 
the Azores:the lirſt night that we came into the laid pope to an anker, about midnight he found che 
ma.esto get him naked out ofthe Oip into the fea, and ſmamme naked a ſhoare, and ſo prefents 
h got him to the further five of the Illand, where he founda ticle Caruel ready to depart fo; Por- 
tingall , in the which he cameto Lisbone, and paſſed into France, and ſo into England, where he 
ended his life in the Citie of London. And J for my part kept Kill aboond che ſhip . and came into 
Fpaine, and was delinered to the Inquiſitozs of the Holy boule of Siuill, where they kept me in 
dofe piſon, til I had fullilled the 3. perres of my penance, Ihich time being expired, J was free 
P put out of pꝛiſon, and fet at liberties and being in the citie ol Siuil a caſher of one Hugh Typton, 
m eng liſh merchant of great doing by the {pace of one peere,te fotuned that there came out of the 
Citie of Mexico, a Spaniard, tallev Iohn de la Barrera,that had bene long time in the Indias any 
bad got great ſummes ol gold and liluer. and with one only daughter ſhipyer himſe lfe foto come 
in Spaine, and by the way chanced to die, and gaue all that he had vnto his onelp daughter, whoſe 
ume was Marie de la Barrera, aud being arriued at the Citie of Siuil,ft was my chance to marry 
With her. The marriage was worth to me 2 500. pounds in barg uf golde and filuer, beſides iem 
tis of great pice, This I thought good to ſpeake ot, to ſhewe the goodnes of God to all them that 
it their crutt in him that I being bꝛought out of the Andias, in ſuch great miſerie and infamie to 
wonld, ſhould be pꝛouided at Gods hande in one moment, of moe then in all my life belſe, A 
wuld attaine vnto by my owne labour. After we departed from Mexico, out S. Benitoes wert 
fet vp in the high Churchokthe laid Citie, with our names mitten in the fame, atcoꝛding ta their 
ble ¢ cuſtome, which is and wil be a monument and a remembꝛante of vs, as long as the Ronny 
Church doch raigne in that Countrey. The fame haue bene ſeene ſince by one lohn Chilton, and 
buers others ol our nation, which were left in that Countrep long ſinte, by ſir John Hawkins. 
Aud beraule it ſhalbe knowen wherefoze it was that J was lo punithen bythe Clergies hand. as 


The voyagesand difcoueries Robert Tomjon 


before is mentioned, I will in diele wopdes declare the fame, 

It is ſo thut being in Mexico nt the table, among manp principal people at dinner, they began 
to inquireofme being an Engliſbman, wtether it were true: that in England they had ouerthyow 
en all their Churches, and houlesof religion, and that all che Sof the ſaints of heaurn that 
were in them, were thowen downe and bꝛoken. and burned, and in ſome places ſtoned 
wich them, and denied their obedience to the Pope of Rome, as they had beene out of 
Spaine, by their friends, Co whom J made anſ wert, that ie was ſo that in derde they bad in Eng 
land put downe all the Religious houſes of Friers, and Monkes. chat were in 2 
mages chat were in ther churches, x other places, were taken away, x vſed there no mozeꝛſch chat 
(as they ſay)z making ol them and putting ol them where they were adored, was cleane contrary 
to the exyꝛelle commandement of Almightic Go, Thou ſhalt not make to thy felfe any gruen 
image, dc. that fop h tauſe they thougßt it not latuful that chey Mould ſtandin che church, tubich 
is the boule of adohation. One that was at the declaring ol hele wondes, who was my Malter, 
Gonfalo Cereſo anfwerep and fai, if it were againſt the commandement of Hod to haue 
inthe churches, that then he hav {pene a great deale of money in vaine, lad that a yteres pal he 
made in monafferp of Santo Domingo, in {aio city of Mexico, an image of our L aby of pure 
luer ¢ gold, with pearles ¢ pꝛttious tones, which coſt him 7000, ¢ odde peſos, ¢ euery pefois 6, 
8. f. d. otour money which in deede was true, fun chat I haue ſeene it many times my elle where it 
ſtands. At the table was an other gentleman, who meſuming to defend the cauſe, more then any 
ther that was there ald, chat they knem wel ynough that they were made but of ſtocks ¢ lone 
that to then was no wonſhip giuen, but chat there was acetate veneration due vnto them, after 
they were ſet vp in the church, x that they were fet there to a good intentithe one, lo that they were 
bookes forthe umple people, to make them vnderſtand the gloꝛp of the faints that were in heauen, 
€ a ſhape of them, to put vs in remembꝛanceto cal vpon them, to be our interteſſoys vnto God lo 
va ſoz that we are ſuch miferable ſuners that we are not woꝛthy to appeare before God, ¢ that ve 
fing deuotion to faints in heauen, they may obtaine at Gods hands the ſooner, the thing that wer 
demand of him. As fop example, {aid be, imagin that a ſubiert hath offended his king vpon p earth, 
in any kind of reſpett, is it ſo the partie to go boldl to the king in perfon, ¢ te demand pardon fo 
bis offtressno faithte,p pꝛeſumption were to great, ¢ pollibly he migtt be repulled, x haue a great 
rebuke for bis labour. Better it is for ſuch a perſon to lecke ſome pꝛiuate man neere the King in 
with his matter, and let him be a Mediatoz to his Maieſtie im 


his Court, x make him acquainted 
bin e len che matter he hath to do with him, and fo might he the better come to his purpole, gobs 
taine the thing which he doeth demande : euen ſo faith he, it is with God ¢ his laintes in heauen, 
fo} we are wretchen ſinnerg and not woꝛthy to appeare nop pꝛeſent our ſelues before the Maicltie 


of God, to demandof him the thing that we haue neede of: therefoze thou hat neene to be devout, 
and haue deuottonto the mother ol God. and the faints ol heauen to be interceſſoꝛato God fu ther, 
e ſo mail thou the better obtaine of God the thing that thou doeſt demand. Co this J anfwered,¢ 
laide, lir as touching the ee made of the interceſſoꝛs to the king, how neteſſarie they 
were, I would but aſke pou this queftion. Set the cafe that this king pou (peake ol, if he be ſo mer 
tiful, as when he knoweth that one, oz aup of his ſübiects hath offended him, he fend loꝛ him to his 
owne towne, oz to his one houſe, oꝛ plate, fap Huta him, come hither, I knowe that thou halt of 
fended many lawes, if thou doeſt kno tu therof, e doeſt repent thee of the fame, with full intent to ol 
fend no more, J wil forgive chp treſpalſe, x remember it no moze:ſaid J if this be done by the kings 
owe perſon, what then hath this man neede to go feeke friendſhip at any of the kings prinat {ere 
wants handes, but roe to the principal, ſeeing that he is readier to foꝛgiue thee then thou artto de 
mand foꝛgiuenes at his hands. Euen fo is it with our gratious God, who calleth ¢ crieth out vu 
to vs throughout all the wozlu, bythe mouthok his Pꝛophets, Apottles, ¢ by his own mouth aith, 
Come vnto me all ye that labour, & are ouer laden, & I wil refreſnyou, beſides 1 000. other fs 
lets e proffers which he doth make vnto vs in his holy Scriptures. Achat chen baue we nerd of 
the Taints helpe that are in heauen, wheras the Lo bimſell doth fo freely offer himſelfe vnto vs 
At which lapings, many ofthe hearers were aſlonied, ſaid, that by that reaſon, I would giue to 
vnderſtand chat che inuocation of faints was to be dilanulled ee by the lawes of God not commaw 
ded. N anſwered that they were not my words but the woꝛds of God bimlelf stoke into the {crip 
curves pour (elf, ¢ you Hal lu find it. Che take was perceanen to be preiudiciall to the Romith doc 
trine etherfrre it was commanded to be no more entreaten ol, c alremainen vnthought spon, had 
te tot bene for abillanous Portingal that mas inthe company, tho laid, Bafta fer Ingles para fa- 
ber todo eſto y mas: whothe nestbap , without imparting aup ching to any body, went to the 
Vilbop ol Mexico,anv his Ppouifor,¢ lade, pat a place tobere be ban bene rhenap befits 


— 


nuthout 
fin the folke of the 
deobmers and th 
th allo in a very 
ftom the fe 
— ef is ſubi 
iu dee with thoſe 
im knew the Dang 
init of the Coun: 
their lirſt cum 
halle a dates 
the kinconado, 
there the Indians 
betwixt that and V 
poudo begm to ei 
lache wolld, e che 
de los Angelos, w 
ooo. houſholds 


gelos to Mexico, 
thy in my time, ol 
the Suburbs of tl) 
teof Mexico, is 6 
lethin the midſt o 
laheof ſtanding w 
ofthe city, are mar 


felfe any grauen 


p „which 
sto bate mages 


eres pat be 
dur Lady of pure 


ty neceflarie they 
ol, {Fhe be fomer: 
rnd for him to his 
that thou halt of 
bh full intent to ol 
done by the kings 
kings miunt fer 
en thou art to der 


3 1000, other of 
haue we need of 
imfelfe vnto bs’ 


bought vpon had 
r Ingles para far 
ody, went to the 
eee 


Robert Tomſon. of the Engliſh nation. 


agian, who had Carp, that there was no nerde of Caines ii pᷣ church no of anp inuocation 
of Saints, vpon whole Denomination A was 1 (op the fame wo ds here rehearſed, aud 

en. 

Nom to ſome what of the deſcription of the — . fhal vnderſtand that the port 
ls. lohn de Vllua. is a verp licle Ilan low by the water Moe, che byoade ſt a longeſt part theres 
Am aboue a botwe (hoote ower and ſtandeib within two furlongs of the firme land. An my time 
there was but one houle, and a litle Chappell to ſap Male in: in all the Alland che five to the land 
pares is made by mans bands. with free Aone and grauel, and is 4, fathom decpe dome right, 
wherfone the great (hips that come in there, doe ride lo neere the ſboare of the Jlland, that you map 
come and goe al and vpon their beake noſes. They vle to put great chaines of pron in at their bale 
fers and an auker to the land ward, and all litle pnough to more well their (hippes fo feare of che 

y winds, which come off the coaſt of Florida, that ſomtimes haue caricd ſhips, aud bouts, 
gal awap to the Hoare, The king was wont to haue 20, great mightie Meqroes,who did ſetue 
in nothing elle, but onely to repaire the (aid Alland, where the foule weather doth hurt it. The 
Countrey al chere about, is very plaiue ground, x a mule from the {ea lide a great wildernes, wich 
great quancitie of red Deere in the lame ſo that when the marriuers of the ſbips are diſpoſed, they 
go vp into the wildernes, x do kil of che fame, ¢ bꝛingeth them abooꝛd to ente, for their recreation. 

Fromebis pont to the next to lune, which is called Vera Crux, are 5. leagues almol by the Dea 
lar til you come within one league ol the place, and then vou turne vp towards the land, into a 
vnd till pou come to a litle riuex hard by the ſaidtownes five, which ſometime s of the peere is dʒy 
wichout water. The towne of Vera Cruz in my time, had not paſt 3 00. houſholds, and ſerued but 
onthe folke of the ſhips, to buy and bring their goods aland, and deliuer it to their owners, as alſo 
theouners and their factoꝛs to receaue their goods ol the Malters of the Tips. This towne Ran> 
meth allo in a very plaine on the one five the riuer, and the other five is enuironed with much ſand 
n fea five with the tempeſt of weather, many times comming vpon that coat. Chis 

ne alſo is ſubiect to great ſicknes, ¢ in my time many of the marriners g officer of the Hips 
na die with thoſe diſeaſes there accultomed, xx eſpecially thoſe that were not vled to the Countrp, 
in knen the danger therrof, but would commonly go in the ſunne in the heat of the day, x did eat 
lite of the Countrep, with much viforver,¢ eſpeclally gaue themſelues to womens company at 
ther frit comming: whereupon they were caſt into a burning ague, ol the which fewe eſtaped. 

halle a daies iourney ftom Vera Crux, towards Mexico, is along ing of 5.02 6, boules, calles 
theRinconado, which is a place, where is a great pinacle made of lime ¢ Rone, fat bp a riuer five, 
nere the Indians were wont to do their facrifices vnto their gods, which is a plaine e low ground 
betwirt that and Vera Cruz, and alſo ſubiert to ſicknes 2 but afterward, halle a daies iouruey that 
ru do begm to enter into the high land yon thal find as laire, good, and ſweete Countrep, as anp 
inthe world, e the farther pou go, the goodlier and ſwerter the countrey is, til pou come ta Pueblo 
de los Angelos, which may be ſome 43 leagues from Vera Cruz, which was in my time a towne 
Ho. houſholds, oꝛ thereabout, ſcanding in a goodly foile. Betweene Vera Cruz that, you thal 
tome thoꝛough many townes of the Indians, vallages, em goodly fields of medow grounds, 


mers of frech waters, fozells e great woods, very plealant co ehold. From Pueblo de los An- 


gelos to Mexico, is 22. leagues of very faire wap. countrey. as befopeis declared. Mexico wag a 
tity in my time, ol not aboue 1 500. houſhalbs of Spaniards inhabiting there, but of India people in 
the Suburbs ofthe ſaid City, dwelt aboue 3 00000. as it was thought, and many more. Chis Ci 
tee Mexico,is 65. leagues from the Noꝛt j ſea, and 75. leagues from the ſouth lea, ſo that it Lane 
Methin che midſt of the maine land, betwirt the one fea e che other. It is ſituated in the middeſt of a 
lakeof ſtanding water, ¢ enuironed round about wich the ſame, ſauing in many places, going out 
liche city, are many bꝛoad waies though the ſaid lake op water. This lake and city is enuitonesn 
alo wich great mountaines round about, which are in compalle aboue 30. league s. the ſaid city 
late of tanding water, doth tand in a great plaine in the midtt ok it. Chis take of landing wa · 
ter doch maceede from the thedding of the rame,that falleth vpon the faiv mountaines,¢ fo gather 
thenſelues together in this place. Allthe whole proportion of this city Doth Mand in a very plaine 
ground, in the midſt of the ſaid city, is a ſquare place of a good bow ſhoote ouer from five to fives 
Gin the midik ok the fain place, is the high church, very faire ¢ wel builded al though, at that time 
tet halfe fnithen,¢ round about the ſaid place, are many faire houſes built: on the one ſide, are the 
ules where Mutezuma the great king of Mexico that was, dwelt, nome there lie alwaies the 
Ukeeropes that the king of Spaine fenveththicher eucrp 3 .peeres. And in my time was there fo} 
Gicerop a gentleman of Caſtil calle Don Luis de Velaſco. And on the nther five of § {ato plate, 
ture againtt the ſame, is the Bithops houle,very faire built, and many other bouts of goodlx buil- 


ding: 


586 


587 The voyages and diſcoueries ohn Chilton, 


ding. And hard by the ſame, are alſo other very faire houfes, built bp che Marques de Valle other 
wiſe called Hernando Cortes, who was he that firſt conquered the ſaid Citie and Countrep, hp 
after the laid cunqueſt which he made with great labour and trauell of bis perfou, and danger 
ok his life, and breing growen great in the Countrep, the Ring of Spaine ſeut fo him, fay. 
ing that he had Come particular matters to impart vnto him. And when bee came home, he wuld 
not be firffered to returne backe againe, as the Ring before had pꝛomiled him. Withebe which, 
fop ſoztowe that hee tooke, hee died, and this hee had kan the rewarde of his good ſeruice. The 
laid Citie of Mexico, hath the ſtreetes made very hoad, and right, that a man being in the bigh 
place, at the one ende of the ſtreete, map fee at the leat a good mile forward, and ii all theone 
partok the ſtreetes ol the Moreh part ol their Citie, there runneth a pꝛetie lake of very cltere na 
ter chat euery man map put into his houle, as much as he wil, without the coſt of any thing hut of 
the letting in. Alſo there is a great caue, op ditch of water, that commerh through the Citie, cuen 
vnto the high place, where come euery moming at the bꝛeake ol che dap, 20. 02 30, Canoag, 9 
troughes of the Indians, which boing in them all manner of pꝛouiſion foꝛ the Citie, which is made, 
and groweth in the Countrey, which is a very good commodity fa the Inhabitants cf that place, 
And as fo2 victuals in the fain Citie of Beefe, Mutton, and Hennes, Capons, Quailes, Guinpe 
Cocks and ſuch like, all are very good cheape: to ſap, the whole quarter ofan Dre, as much as 
a llaue can carry away from the Butchers, for 5. tompnes that is,. 5. Noials of plate, which isiut 
2. ſhilling: d 6. nente, and a fat Sheepe at the Butchers, for 3. Roials, whichis 1 8. pence, and 
no moze. Bead is as good cheape as in Spaine, and all other kind ot fruites, as Apples, ears, 
Bomegranats, and Quintes, at a reaſonable rate. The citie goeth wonderfully foywards in buil · 
ding of Frieries and Nunneries, and Chappels, aud is like in time to come, to be the mot 
lous Citie in the wozld, as it may be ſuppoſed. The weather is there alwaies verptemperate, 
the day differeth but one howꝛe of length all the peere longe. The ſieldes and the woods alwaies 
greene. The woods full of Popiniapes, and many other kind of birdes, that make ſuch an harmo⸗ 
nie of ſinging, and crying that any man will reioyce to heave it. In the ſieldes are {uch oderiferous 
ſmels of flowers and hearbs,chat it giueth great content to the ſenſes. About the Citie ol Mexico 
2.3.03 4. leagues off are diuers townes of Indians, ſome of 4000, 03 6000. houſholds, which doe 
ſtand in ſuch a goodly ſoile that il Chriſtians had the inhabitatton thereof, it would be putto a fur 
ther beneſite. In my time were dwelling and aliue in Mexico, many ancient men, that wereof 
the Conqueroꝛs at the firſt conqueſt, with Hernando Cortes: for then it was about 36. peeres 
agoe, that the fain Countrey was conguered. About Mexico, tbert are diuers Mynes ok liluer, 
and alſo in other places there about, but the pꝛincipall nes that are in all Mew Spaine, ate in 
Sacatecas, 80. leagues from Mexico, and the pues of S. Martines, 30. leagues, bothto the eatt> 
ward of Mexico, where is great Tore of gold and ſiluer. Alſothere is a plate, called the Miſteca, 
50. leagues to the noꝛchweſt, whith doth veeld great ore of very good ſilke, and cochinelio, Wine 
and oile there is none growing in the Countrep, but what commeth out of Spaine. Allo there are 
many goodly kruites in that Countrep, whereof wee haue none ſuch, as Blantanos, Gupaues, 
Dapotes, Tunes and in the wildernes great Tope of black cheries, x other wholfome fruites, The 
Cochimelle is not a woꝛme, ona Flye, as ſome fap it is, but a berrie that groweth vpon certaine 
buthes in che wilde lielde, which is gathered in time of the peere, when it is ripe. Alto the Indico 
that doth come from chente to die ble s a rertaine hearbe that groweth in the wild ie des, andis 
gathered at one time of the peere, and burnt, andofthe athes thereof, wich other confections put 
thereunto, che ſaid Indico is made. Balme, ſalſa perilla, Cana fiſtula, ſuger, Dre hides, and many 
other good ¢ ſetuiteable things che Countrey doth yeeld, which are peerelp bꝛought into Spaine, 
imd there fold and diſtributer to many nations. 
s Robert Tomſon. 


A notable difcourfe of Mafter lohn Chilton touching the people 
e 


manners, Mines, (cities, yiches forces and other memorable things of t 
welt Indias,feene and noted by himfelfe in the time of his trauails, continued in 
thofe partes, the {pace of 17. or 18. yeeres. 

1 2 che peere of our Lo7d,1 561, in the moneth of July, J Iohn Chileon, went ontof 
| of this Citie of London into Spaine, where J temamed for the ſpace of 7, yeeres and 
ö from thence J ſailed into Noua Hiſpania, and fo trauelled there, and by the fouth fa, 
SS! nto Peruche ſpace of 17.03 18. yereg: tg after p time expired. I returned into Spaine, 
and fo in the peere, 1586. in the moneth of July, J arriuenat the foyelaive Citie of London, 
where perufing the notes which I bap taken in the time ol my trauell in thoſe yerrt z 22 
a 


aine,’ 
alah feete 


ning of Apiill fo 
miles further vp 
nur auy wont 
nich child they ¢ 
Meeuery mozmir 
pours of the cart 
kettaine houfes t 
niards,who accu 
the land. It fant 
tue of fot, tut 
fnit number of 
perota, 9. leagut 
outof certaine ro 
buuſes fon che vi 
the Angels, ſoca 
beldeg a 1 

to tt ma 
pw Indian: 


14. rom Mexic 
then 6o thorfs 

f,abour two leag 
512. Spaniards 


8 b 
nie 

ey brit 
tithe Citie of M 
Rah 
eng anf 
Hug their pout 


obn Chilton, 


D, and in all theone 
ok very cleerewas 
of any thing but of 
ugh the Citie, cuen 
0 30 Canons, o} 
ase 
' Cc ate, 
B, Quailes, Guinye 
n Ore, as much as 
Bf plate which ising 
ichis 18. pente, and 
as Apples, Peateg, 
ly forwards in bull. 
to be the moft 
ies berp temperate, 
the woods alwaies 
ake ſuch an harms 
are {uch oderiferdus 
e Citie ol Mexico 
duſpolds, which doe 
pould be put to afure 
men, that twereof 
as about 3 6. peeres 
rs Mpnes ok ſiluer, 
eb Spaine, are in 
ues, bochto the eall⸗ 
called the Miſteca, 
nd cochinelio, Mine 
ine. lati 
mtanos, Gupaues, 
olſome fruites, The 
weth vpon certaine 
e. Alſo the Indice 
wild fielves, andis 
er confections put 
xe hides, and many 
ought into Spaine, 


ſon. 
g the people 
things of to 


continued in 


hileon, went ont of 
ce of /. peeres and 
nd by the ſouth fa, 
urned into Spaine, 
Citie of London, 
e peertes J baue ſet 

powne, 


Ibn (hilton. 


of the Englifh nation. 


nme, as lolloweth. ; 
peere 1568, in the moneth of March, being deſirous to fee the wopld, A embarked my 
(ee inthe Bape of Cales in Andaluzia,in.a hip bound top the Iſies of Canaries where the tooke 
uber lading, anp ſet foorchfrom thence for the voyage, in the monethof June, the Came peere, 
thin a moneth alter, we fel with the Ille of S. Domingo and from thence directlyto Noua Hits 
pania,anb came into the port of S. ohn de Vilua, whichis a litle Alland, ſtanding in the ſea, about 
1 miles from the land, where the king maintatneth about 50. ſouldiers, and captaines, that keepe 
the Fonts, and about 1 50. Regroes, who all the peere long are occupied in cartying of ſtones top 
puftoing and other vſes, and to helpe to make faſt the ſhips that come in there, with their tables. 
Chere are built two bul markes at each ende of a wall, that tandeth like wiſe in the ſid Jlland, 
were the thips ve to ride, made faſt to h ſaid wal, with their cables fo nete that a man may leape 
ichvate. From this pope J iourneied by land to a to mne called Vera Cruz, ſtanding bp a rivers 
all the factops ofthe Spaniſh merchants dwell, which receaue the goods of ſuch ſhips 
n come thither, and alfo lade the fame with ſuch treaſure, and merchandtze, as they returne backe 
im Spaine. They are in number about 400, who onely remaine there, during the time that the 
fleete dilchargeth, and is loden againe, which is from the ende of qugult, tothe begin 
ning of April! following. And then forche vnwholeſomneg ol the place. they depart thence, 16, 
mies further vp within the Countrey to atowne called Xalapa, a verp healthful ſoile. There is 
neuer atry wontan Delinerc of child in this pont, foꝛ fo ſoone as they perteiue themſelues conceiued 
ith child they get them into che Countrey. to auoid the perill of che infected aire, although they 
eatery mopriney to Drive thorough the towne aboue 2000. head of tattell, tu take away the ill va · 
pours of the cart h. From Xalapa 7. league, I came to another place. named Perota, wherein are 
eertaine houſes builded of ſtrawo called by the name of Ventz. the Juhabitants thereof are Spa- 
niards,tobo arcuſtome to harbour ſuch trauellers, as are occaſioned to iourney that way vp into 
the land. It ſtandeth in a great wood of Bine, Cevar trees the ſoile being very cold, by reafonof 
tne ol now which lieth on the mountaines there, al the peere long. There are in chat place, an ins 
fini number of Deere, ol bignes like vnto great d Soe homes of great length. From 
Perota,9. leagues, I came to the fontes of Ozumba, which tontes are ſpꝛings of water, iſſuing 
outof certaine rockes into the middeſt of the high waies, where like wiſe are certaine rainges, and 
houles fo the vſes before mentioned. Eight leagues off from this place, I came ta the Citie of 
the Angels, ſocalled by that name of the Spaniards, which inhabite there, to the number ol 1000, 
belideß a great number of Indians. This Citie ſtandeth in very plaine ſieldes, hauing neere ade 
lopning to it many ſumptuous Cities, as namely the Citie of Tlaxcalla, a Citie of two hundꝛeth 
thoufand Indians, Tributaries to the Ring, although he exactethno other tribute of them then a 
penofull of wheate a peere, which amountethto 13. thoufand peerelp, as hath appea· 
tenbp che Rings bookes ol actompt. And the reafon why he contenteth himſelfe with this tri⸗ 
hate onelp for them, is, becauſe they were the occaſion that he tooke the Citie of Mexico, wich 
Nom the Tlaxcallians had warre at the fame time, when the Spaniards came into the Countrey. 
Che Gouernour of this Citie.is a Spaniard, callep among them xhe Alcalde Maior, who admini⸗ 
ftreth chiefett cauſes of iuſtice, both vnto the Chyiſtians and Indians, referring ſmaller and ling. 
ter bices as dzunkennes, and fuch like, to the iudgement, and difcretion of ſuch of the Indians, as 
ne chofen euery peere to rule among it chen called by the name of Alcaldes. Theſe Indians fram 
14, peetes olde vp wards, pay vnto the King fop their peerelp tribute, one ounce of ſiluer, and an 
of Pai which is valued among them commonly, at 12. Noials of plate. The widowes 
mung them pay halfe of this. The Indians both of this Citie; and of the teſt, ping about Mexico, 
Necloched wich mantels of linnen cloth, made of cotton wooll, painted thoughout with works ol 
ders and fine colours. It is diſtant from the Citie ofthe Angels. g. league to the noꝛthward, and 
14 rom Mexico. There is another Citie a league from it, called Cholula, conſiſting of more 
then 60 thouſand Indians, tributaries and there dwelleth not aboue 12. Spaniards there, From 
trout two leagues there is another, talled Acaſſingo, of aboue 50000, Indians, and about 8. 


12. Spaniards, which ſtandeth at the foote ofthe Vulcan of Mexico on the att five. Chere ate wutcanisa 
belives chete,chnee other great Eities, the one named Tepiaca,a herp famous Citie, Wataainigo, bul bas cathe 


a Tichamachalcho: all chefe in times pat, belonged co the kingdom of Tlaxcal an from theſe ney 


Cities hey brine atl there Cutchanelioinee Spaine. Chewanee from the Citie ofthe Angels, Cucpancts, 


tothe Citie of Mexico is 20. leagues. Chis Citie Mexico; is the Citie of greateſt fame in all 
ſhe Audtas, hauing goodly, and cottty houfes in it, vnde v all of lime end ftone, and ſeuem ftreetes 
length and foro in breach, with river e running though euer y ſerond ſirrete, by which they 
bing their pꝛouiſion in Cancag, Te is fewacen at che foote of cettaine hile, which cuntaine in — . 


588 


589 The voyages and diſcoueries John Chilton, 


paſſe by eſtimation, aboue 20, leagues, compalling the ſaid Citie on the one ſide, and a lake which 
is 14, leagues about on the other five. Upon which lake there are built many notable and f 
tuous Cities, as the City of Tefcuco, where the Spaniards built 6 frigats at that time when 
conquered Mexico, and there alfa Fernando Cortes made his abodè 5.0) 6. moneths in aun 
of the ſicknes ok his people, which they had taken at their comming into the counttey There dwel 
in this Citie. about 60000, Indians, which pay tribute to the king. In this Citie the fain Fernan- 
do built the fine Church that euer was built in the Andias che name whereof is S. Peters. After 
I hab continued 6. peeres in this Citie, being veſirous to {ee further the Countreis, J imploien 
that which J had, and tooke my voyage towards the pꝛouinces of the California in the which nas 
dilcouered a certaine Countrep,bp a Byskaine, whofe name was Die go de Guiara, and call 


Neem Withap. after the name of his Counttep, New Biskaye, where J ſold mp merchandise fop exchange off 


uer, lo there were there certaine rich Mynes diſcouered by the afonefaid Biskaine. Going from 
Mexico, I directed my voyage toward the ſouthweſt, to certaine Mynes called Tamaſcal Tepec, 
and ſo trauelled foʒ warde, che ſpace of 20. daies, though deſert places vnhabited, till q came t 
the valleyol S. Bartholomew, which iopueth to the pꝛouinte of New / Biskaye. In all theſe placeg 
the Indians fop the moſt rt goe naked and are wild people. Their common armour is bones, 
and arrowes,thep vſe to eate vp ſuch Chꝛiſtians as they come by. At my returne to Mexico, J 
came aloug by the coatt of the South fea, thoꝛough the pꝛouince of Sacatula, from thence intorhe 
pꝛouinte of Coloa, where J imploied the ſiluer that J had, in a certaine graine, growing like m 
Almond, called amongſt the Indians, Cacao, which in Noua Hiſpania is currant foꝛ mouey 
buy things of ſmall value. as ſtuits, cc. foꝭ that they haue no ſmall money there, and in whichallo 
they pay the King his tribute. They grinde this graine to a powder, and mingle it wich water 
and lo is made both bꝛead, and dꝛinke buco them, which is a prouilion of great pofice, and good 
ſtrength. From hence departing, J came to another pꝛouince named Xaliſco, and from thenceto 


fobn ( 


men ok great r 
30, chziſtians. 
Guafacapan:i 
aboue 200. J 
Guatimala, w 
pards,¢ here cl 
repaire for Ju 
Land, and is bei 
Citit to the E 
I carryed out 
pet 7. lcagut 
catutla, where 
lade backe agi 
nate J trauaile 
deth all the {hi 
to Coſtaricca, 


Panama, and t 


not pate by la 
annele (whic! 
Cauallos, Ipin 
ming in of the 
f ftrength,bauit 
neth of Augul 
ketetue in agat 


Cpe bauen the pozt of Nauidad, which is 66. leagues from Mexico, in which port arriue alwaies in the me 


ough it be u 
Bae Eda nethok April all the ſytps chat came out of the South lea from China, and the Philippinæ, anp Sl . 


and golde of N 
dize thep recur 
tourſe by the 3 


e the Phinps there they laie their merchandise a ſboare. The moſt part wheraf, is mantels made of cotton wol, 
vimes arrive, axe, and fine platters gilded, made ol earth, and much gold, The next ſummer following, being 


in the peere 15 70. (which was the ſirſt yeere that che Popes Buls were bꝛought into the Indi 
ag) J bndertooke another vopage towards the pꝛouince ol Sonſonate, which is in the kingdom 


of Guatimala, whether J carrien divers merchandiʒe of Spaine, all by land, on Mules backe, 
Che wap thitherward from Mexico is to the Citie of the Angels, and from thente to another C 
tie of Chꝛiſtians, 80. leagues afl called Guax aaa, in which there dwelt about 50. Spaniards, and 
many Indians. All the Indians of this pouince, pay their tribute in mantels ok cotton wooll, mb 
Cochonelio, whereof here groweth aboundance throughout this Countrep. Meere tu this place 


Aquatuka, there lieth a pont in the South fea,called Aquatulca, in the which there dwelleth not aboue 3,0) 


4. Spaniards, with tertsine Negroes, which the King maintaineth there: in which place, Bit 
Francis Drake arxiued, in the peere, 1579. in the moneth of Apzill, where J loft with his being 
there, aboue 1000, buckets, which hetooke away, with much other goods of other merchants of 


Mexico, ftum one Franciſeo Gomes Rangifa fatto; there fop all the Sopanith merchants thacchen 


traded in che fouth ſea : fo fromthig poꝛt they vſe to imbarke all their goods that goe fu Peru, 
to b kingdom of Hunduras. $ uaxaca, I came to a towne named Nixapa which — 
vpon certaine very high hils in the prouince of Sapotecas, tuberin inhabite about the number 
20, Spaniards, by the king of Spaines commandement to keepe that Countrep in peace, y) 
the Indians are herp rebellious: & for this purpoſe, he beltoweth on them the to unes ¢ cities thet 
be vuthin chat pꝛouince. From hente I went to a Citie, called Tecoantepec, which is the farthelt 
tame to the Caftward in al Noua Hiſpania, which ſametimes did belonge to the Marquts De 
Valle, and berauſe it is a berpfit pont. ſlanving in the ſouth ſca, the king of Spaine,vponarebelion 
made by che ſain Marques againſt him , cooke it feom him, anv doch now polſeſſe it as his out. 
Here in; pecre 157. I ſaw a peece of Drvinance of bꝛaſſt called a Demy culuerin, which came 
aut ot a ſhip, called the Ieſus of Lubecke, which Captaine Hawkins left in S.lohn de V1lua,being 
in fight wichthe Spaniards, inthe peere, 1568. which peece they aftermardes taried 100. league 
by land auer mountains tothe ſaid city to be embatken there ſoz the Philippinas. 
Tecoantepec, I went till along by the South (ea about 150. leagues in the deſo late ꝑouince 
Soconuſoo in which pzouinte there gmiueth Cacao which the C buttians carry from thente te 
to Nous Hiſpania; ſih that it mill ae in any colde Countrey, The Indians ot this 
Cduntrey, pape the Ring their tribute in Cacao, giuing bam 400. Cargas, and euern Cart 
is 24000, Almonds, which Cange is woonhits Mexico 3 0,peeces of talals of plate. a 


‘ptermoft part 


_ people of thee 


pardes of no g 


which is the ch 
greateſt impo 
ca, ſ all other 
they take in v 
foyefaid places 
this Port it is 
fabome deepe 
tone, in whit 
onthe Ses, an 


Sand thereof. 
the Tower th 
tance ſubduct 
faple of hips, 
the cowne of 

taineth there fi 
led in it about 
though at the 
ther to wne cal 
place,6o.leagt 
land, The chie 
led Cuba, wh 
Houthſide oft 
they kil only f. 
tune there ma 
led, and cut in 

tome fo; Spa 
dauer to Nomb 


ohn ( hilton. 


de, and a lake which 
v notable and ſum 
that time uuhen they 
-muneths incurinz 
untrey There del 
itie the ſaid Fernan- 
is S. Peters. After 
ntreis, Jimploien 
ia iuthe which nun 
Suiara, and calledit 
e fop exchange offi 
kaine. Going from 
d Tamaſcal Tepec, 
bited, till q cameto 
. In all chete plates 
n armour is bows, 
turne to Mexico, J 
from thente intothe 
ne, growing like m 
urrant fo money, 
re, and in which all 
ring le it with watt, 
at pꝛoftte, and quod 
o and from thente to 
e alwaies in the mn 
be Philippinæ, n 
made of cotton wol, 
ner following. being 
ought into the Indi 
b is inthe kingdom 
„ on Mules backer, 

ence to another Cé 

50. Spaniards, aud 

k cotton woll, and 


apa, 


about the number 
mtrey in peace, fy) 


to the Marquts De 
aine,bponarebelion 
eile it as his one. 
uluerin, which came 
lohn de Vilua, being 
caried 100, leagues 
hilippinas. 

e befolate pouince 
arry from thence ix 
The Indians coe 
19 and euery 

of plate. ad 


fobn (hilton. 


men of great riches, and withall very pꝛowd, and in all this pꝛouince throug hout, there Dwell not 
go.chritians. I trauailed though another pꝛouince called Suchecepec:€ thence to p ouince ot 
Guaſacapan: in both which pꝛouinces are very ewe people, the biggeſt towne therin haumg not 
apoue 200. Indians, the tbiefeſt marchandize there is Cacao, and hence J went to the City of 
Guatimala, which is the chief city of all this kmngdom. In this citie do inhabite about 80. Span; 
pads, x here the kin ; hath his gouernoꝛs, c Counſell, to whom all the people of the kingdome 
repaive for Juſtite. This City ſtandeth from the coaſt of the South fea, 14. leagues within the 
lund, and is very riche by reafon of the gold that they fetch out of the coaſt of Veragua, From this 
Citic to the Eaſtward bo. leagues, lyeth the pꝛouince Sonſonate, where J fold the marchandize 
4 carrped out of noua Hiſpania. The chiefeſt Citie ofthis pꝛouince is called S. Saluador, which 
Ipeth /. leagues from the coaſt of the South ſea, and hath a pore lying by the Sea toaſt called A- 
cautia, where the hips arriue with the marchãdize they boing from noua Hiſpania:q᷑ fremtbẽce 
lade backe againe the Cacao there dwell here to the number of so. Spanxards. From Sonſo- 
nate trauailed to Nicoia, which is in the kingdome of Nicaragua, In which ope the king butl⸗ 
deth all the ſhipping that trauel out of the Indies to the Moluccaes. J went foʒ ward from thence 
to Coftaricca, where the Indians both men and women goe all naked, e the lande lyeth between 


Panama and the kingdom of Guatimala: and fo that the Indians there liue as warriers, I durſt 


not palſe by land, fo that here in a towne called S. Saluador, I beſtowed that which J carrped, in 
annele (which is a kinde ok thing to dye blew withall) which J carrped with mee to the Pozt ol 
Cauallos, lying in the kindome of Hunduras, which Port is a mighty buge riuer, and at 2 
ming in of the one fide of it, there lyeth a Towne ok little force without opdinanceo) anp ether 
‘firength,bauing in it houſes of ſtrawe: at which Towne the Spanyards vſe peerely in the mo⸗ 
neth of Augult, to vnlade 4. ſhips, which come out ol Spaine laden teh riche Marchandize and 
tttetue in againe here their lading ofa kind of Marchandize called Anneile and Cutchanelto(al, 
though it be not of ſuch value as that of noua Hiſpania) and ſiluer of the mines of Toma angua, 
ind golde of Nicaragua, and hides, and Salſa perilla, the beſt in all the Indies, al which Marchan⸗ 
dize they returne and Depart from thence alwaies in the moneth of Appill following, taking their 


tourſe by the Jland of lamaĩca, in which Aland there dwell on the TUelt five of it certaine Span⸗ 


pardes of no great number. From this place they goe to the cape of S. Anthonie, which is the 


nermod part of che elt ward of the Aland of Cuba, and from thence to Hauana lying hard bp, The pitceipets 
tebich is the chieleſt Wort that che king of Spaine hach in all the Countries of the Indies, and of at large. 


greateſt impoztance: fo; all the ſhips, both from Peru, Hunduras, Portoricco, S Domingo, lamai- 
ca,¢ all other places in bis Indies, arriue there at their returne to Spaine, for that in this Pozt 
they take in victuals, and water, and the moſt part of their lading: bere they meete from all the 
lageſaid places alwaies in the beginning of May by the kings commandement:at the entrance of 
this Port it is fo narrow, that there can ſcarle come in two (hips together, although it be aboue 6, 
lwome deepe in the narroweſt place of it. In the Nozthlide of the comming in theit ſtandeth a 
towne, in which there watcheth euerp day a man, to deſcrie the Seiles of Hips, which be can fee 
onthe Ses, and as many as he diſcouereth fo many banners he ſetteth vpon the Tower that the 


_ people of the towne (which ſtandeth within the Wort about a mile from the Towne) may vnder⸗ 


Mand thereof. Ander this tower there lyeth a ſandy ſhoꝛe, where men map eafclp go a land, and by 
the Tower there runneth a hill along by the waters five, which eafelp with ſmall ſtoze of opdi⸗ 
Hance ſubdueth the towne and Port, The Wore within is fo large that there may eaſely ride a P. 
faple of ſhips, without anker op cable, for no winde is able to hurt them. There inhabite with in 
the towne of Hauana about 300. Spanpardes, and about 60. Souldiers, which the King main: 
taineth there fox the keeping of a certaine Caſtell, which he bach of late erected, which hath plans 
ted in it about 12. peeces of mall odinance, and is compaſſed rounde with a ſmall ditch, where 
though at their plealure, they map let in the (ea, About ii. leagues from Hauana, there lyeth ano⸗ 
ther to wne called Wanabacoa, in which there is dwelling, about 100. Indians, and from this 
kate, 60. leagues, there lperh another towne named Bahama, ſcituate on the Noꝛthlide of the Fe 
land, The chiefeſt citie of ti 3 Aland of Cuba, (which is aboue 200. leagues in length is allo cal. 
led Cuba, where dwelleth a Withop, and about 200. Spanyardes, which towne ſtandeth on the 


Houthſide ok the land, about C leagucs from Hauana. All y trade of tbis Aland is tattel which The commo⸗ 
they kil only for the hyds h are bꝛought chéce into Dpainesfor which end the Spanpards mains dities of Cubs 


tatne there many Megroes to kil their cattel x foſter a great number of hogges, which being kil⸗ 
led and cut into ſmali pieres, they dy in the lune, and ſo make it pꝛouiſion for the Hips, which 
tome for Spatne.Dautug remained in this Alãd ii. moneths, J tooke ſhipping ina Frigat,¢ went 
duer to Nombre de Dios, and from thence by land to ‘Se ſtandeth vpon p 1 

rom 


of the Engliſh nation. 590 


591 The voyages and diſcoueries 


Fobn Chilton, 


From Nombre de Dios to Panama, it is 17. leagues diſtant. From which towne there runneth a 
riuex which is called the riuer of Chagre, which runneth within 5. leagues of Panama, tu a place 
called Cruces though which riuer they carry their goods, e dilimbarke it at the ſayd Cruces and 
from thence it is conueyed on Mules backes to Panama bp lande: where they againe imbarke it 
in certaine {mall ſhips in the Southſea foʒ all the coaſt of Peru, In one of theſe ſhipa, J went to 
Potoſſi, and from thence by lande to Cuſco, and from thence to Paica,Peare I remained the {pace 
of ſeuen moneths, e then returned into the kingdome of Guatimall, and arriued in the prouince of 
Nicoia, and Nicaragua, From Nicaragua J traueiled by lande to a pꝛouince called Nicamula 
(which lyeth to warde the Noꝛth ſea in cettaine high mountaines) for that I could not paſſe tho. 
rough the kingdome of Guatimalat that time fo; waters, where with all the lowe Countries of 
the Ppouince of Suconuſco, lying by the South fea is downed, with the raine that falleth aboue 
in the mountaines enduring alwaies from Apzill to September: which ſealon for that taule 
they call their winter. From this pꝛouince, J came into another called de Vera Paz, in which the 
chiefeſt Citie is allo called after that name, where there dwelleth a Biſhop, and about fourtie 
Spaniards. Among the mountaines of this Countrie toward the Mozth Sea, there is apo. 
uince called La candona, where are Indian men of warre which the king cannot ſubdue lo; 
that they baue Townes and Fortes in a great lake of water aboue in the ſaide mountaines, the 
moſt part of them go naked, and ſome weare mantels of Cotten wooll. Diſtant from this about 
N Icame into another Pꝛouince called the Hꝛouince of Chiapa, wherein the chies 
feſt Titie is called Sacatlan, where there dwelleth a Biſhop, and about a hundzed Spaniards. In 
this Countrie there is great ſtoge of Cotton wooll, whercot the Indians make fine liunen cloth, 
which the Chꝛiſtians bupe and carie into Noua Hifpania, The people of this Pꝛeuince paptheir 
tribute to the king all in Cotton wooll and Fethers. Fourteene leagues from this Citie, there 
is another called Chiapa, where are the fine Gennets in all the Indies, which are caried hence 
to Mexico, 300, leagues from it. From this Citie I trauapled mill though billes and moun 


meng taines, till J came tothe ende of this Pꝛouinte, to a hill called Ecatepec, which in Engliſh figuis 


fieth the hill of wind: for that they ſay, it is the bigheſt hill that euer was diſcouered: for from the 
toppe bk it map be diſcouered both the Month, and the South Deas, and it is in height ſuppoſed t 
be nine leagues. They which trauaile ouer it, lie alwayes at the foote ofit oucrnight, and begin 
their iourney about midnight, to trauell to the toppe of it before the Sunne rife the next dap, bee 
cauſe the winde bloweth with luch force afterwardes, that it is impoſſible foz any man to goe bps 
from the foote of this hill, to Tecoantepec, the fir Towne of Noua Hiſpania, ate about fiftcene 
leagues, and fo from hence J iourneped to Mexico. By and by after I came to Mexico (which 
was in the peere 1572) in the companie of another Spaniard, which was my companion in this 
fournep , we went together toward the Pꝛouinte of Panuco , which lieth vpon the coaſt of the 
Noꝛth Seas, and within thꝛee dapes iournep we entred a Citic called Meſtitlan, where there 
dwelt twelue Spaniardsꝛthe Indian inhabitants there were about thirtie thouland. This Citie 
Randeth vpon certaine high mountaines, which are very thicke planted with Townes very holes 
ſome, and fruitfull,bauing plentikull fountaines of water running throug) them. The bie wopes 
of thele hilles are all (et wich fruites, and tres of diuers kinder x mot pleaſant: in euery Towne 
as we paſſed thꝛougb, the Indians pꝛelented vs with victuals Mithin twentie leagues of this 
place, there is another Citic called Clanchinoltitpec, belonging to a Gentleman, where there 
inhabite about fourtie thouſand Indians: and there are among them eigbt oz nine Fryers ol 
the onder of Saint Auguſtine, who haue there a Monaſterie. IAithin thꝛee dapes after we depare 
ted from this place, and came to a Citie called Guaxutla, where there is another Monaſterieal 
Ftyers of the Came oer: there dwell in this Towne about twelue Spaniards, From this place 
forwards beginnetha Pꝛouince called Guaſtecan, which is al plaine grownds without aup bil, 
Che firſt Towne we came vnto is called Tanguialabe, in which there dwell many Indians high 
of ſtature, having all their bodies painted with blewe, and weare their haire long dowue to their 
knees, tyed as women bſe to doe with their bairelaces, xAhen tbey goe out of their Doopes they 
carrie with them their bowes and arrowes, being very great archers, going fo the molt part na 
ked. In thole Countries they take neither golde, noz liluer for exchange of any thing, but onelp 


. — Salt, which they greatly eſteeme, and ble it as a principall medicine fo; certaine woꝛmes which 


0 


bzeede in their lippes, and in their gummes. After nine dapes lrauell from this place, we came te 
a Towne called Tampica, which is a port Cowne vpon the Dea, wherein there dwell Athinle 


fourtie Chrittians,of which number whilelt we abode there, the Indians killed fourteene, zs they 
were gathering of Salt, which is all the trade chat they haue in this place: it ſtandeth vpon che 
entrie of theriuer of Panuco, which is a mightie great riuer, and were it not fox a ſand that * 


John (4 

at the mouth o 
hence we went 
tit, where the k 
the Chudians, 
In this towne 
ter, which wate 
panion came to 
laue, which J. 
tame to me, fin 
withltanding n 
foywardin our 
ner in a Canoa, 
many wayes, t. 
about two leagt 
in tertaine cott 
their bo wes and 
Imade ſignes! 
lod which was 
and laid me vpo 
hought vnto m 
munded to alk: 
them: fo (ſapth 
to whom Janſu 
thou m apelt tha 
kate thee. So J 
med aboue any t. 
afked me what 3 
lle water to dꝛi 
guilded full of ww 
thatthe Caſique 
the billes where 
hich this Cali 
other things cel 
with them about 
ba, ) J deſircd 
u, going befo 
hougbe me into: 
tune ta a towne 
plaine felds wall 
aboue 4.0) 5. f th 
tries ſubiect Unto 
partes of § Indie 
a towne af 
me but that J 
hole kinde of In 
great pride in kill 
al 5 about 
recou 

bbom the Cticero 


} Chilton, 


there runneth a 
ama, ta à plate 
apd Cruses, and 
aine imbarke it 
hips, J went to 
nained the {pace 
n the prouince of 
alled Nicamula 
ild not paſſe thos 
we Countries of 
hat lalleth about 
on for that tauſe 
Paz, in which the 
nD about fourtie 
a, there is a Pꝛo 
unot ſubdue fo 
mountaines, the 
t from this about 
wherein the chie 
d Spaniards. In 
fine linen cloth, 
zeuince papthen 
this Citie, there 
ch are ceried hence 
billes and moun 
b in Englich figuts 
iered: fop from the 
height ſuppoled to 
rnight, aud begin 
e the next dap, ber 
ny man to goe Ups 
pare about fiftcene 
o Mexico (which 
companion in this 
on the coatt of the 
itlan , where there 
uland. This Cite 
Townes very holes 
em. The hie wapes 
zin euery Tome 
itie Leagues of this 
man, where there 
on nine Frpers ol 
yes after we deper⸗ 
ther Monaſlerie of 
8. From this place 
8 without auy hils. 
anp Indians bigb 
ong downe co tei 
their vores hey 
oz the molt part me 
v thing, but onelp 
nine woꝛmes w 
p plate, we came to 
here dwell Jchinle 
d fourteent, as they 
t ſtandeth vpon tbe 
foy a land that * 


Fobn (bilton. of the Englifh nation. 


it the moucy ot it, ſhippes of 300. tunne might goe vp into it aboue thꝛee ſcoʒe leagues. From 
pence we went to l anuco 14, leagues from Tampeca, which in times paſt had bene a goodly Cis 
ti, where the king of Spaine had his gouernour: but by reaſon that the Indians there deſtroyed 
the Chullians, it lieth in a maner waſte, conteyning in it notaboue 10. Chʒiſtians with a Pꝛieſt: 
du this towne F fell ſicke where J lay 47. dayes, hauing no other ſuſtenance, then fruite and wae 
ter which water J leut foz aboue leagues of within the countrie. ere J rematucd til my come 
panion tame to me, which bad departed from me another way, retayning in my company onely a 
flane, which I bꝛought with me from Mexico. And the laſt day in Eaſter weeke my companion 


tame to me, finding me in a verp weake Kate, by reafonof the vnholſomnes of the place, Not⸗ 


withſtanding my weakenes, J being fet on a hopfe,¢ an Indian behind me to hold me, we went 
foywardin our vopage all that day till night. The next day in the moꝛning we palled ouer the rie 
ner in a Canoa, and being on the other five, I went my ſelfe bekoze alone, and by reaſon there met 
manp wayes, traled by the wilde beaſtes, J loft my wap, and ſo trauciled thꝛough a great wood 
about two leagues, and at length fell into the hands of certaine wilde Indians, which were there 
in tertaine cott ages made of ſtrame, who ſeeing me, came out to the number of 20. of them, with 
their bowes and ar rowes, and ſpake vnto me in their language which J vnderſtoode not: and fo 
made lignes vnto them to helpe me from my bozſe, which they did by commandement of their 
Jos which was chere with ehem, and lighted do bone, they carried me vnder one of their cottages, 
and laid me vpou a mar on the ground: and perceiuing that J could not vnderſtand them, they 
ought vnto me a little Indian wench, ol Mexico, of 15.0216, yeeres ol age, whom they come 
munded to afke me in her language from whence J came , and for what intent J came among 
them: for (fapth ſbe / doeſttbou not know Chritian, how that theſe people will kill and cate thee’ 
towhom J anſwered, let them doe with me what they will, here nowe Jam : (he replied, ſaping, 
thoumapelt thanke God thou art leane, for thep feare thou batt the pocks, other wile they would 
tate the. So J pꝛeſented tothe king a little wine which J had with me in a bottel, which he eſtec⸗ 
med aboue any treafure, fo2 fo wine they will (ell their wiues, e childꝛen. Afterwards the wench 
afked me wbat J would haue, and whether J would cate any thing: J anſwered that J deſired a 


lle water to dꝛinke, foz wat the countrie is very botte, and the bꝛought me a great Uenice glatte 


guilded full of water, and marueiling at the glaſſe, I demanded how they came by it: ſpetold me 
thatthe Caſique bought it from Shallapa, a great towne diſtant 30. leagues from this place on 
the billes whereas dwelt certaine Chꝛiſtians, and certaine Fryers, ot the oꝛder of S. Auguſtine, 
vhich this Caſique with his people on a night llewe, & burning the Fryers Ponaſterie, among 
ther things relerued this glalle, and from thence alſo bꝛought me. Hauing now bene conuerlant 
mith them about three oz ioure houres, they bid her aſke me if J would goe mp wayꝛq anlwered 
ber,) I deſired nothing els: fo 5 Cafique cauſed two ot his Indians to leade me forward in my 
up, going befoꝛe me with their bowes e arrowes naked, the ſpace of thꝛee leagues, till they 
hnougbt me into a hie way: then making a ſigne vnto me, they ligniſted p in More time J ſhould 
tome to a towne where Chziſlians inbabited, which was called S. Jago de las villas, canding in 
plaine lields walled about with a mud wall, § number of ö Chziſtians p dwelt therein, were not 
aboute 4.0) 5. & twentie, vnto which ö king of Spaine giucth Indiãs, x cownesto keepe p coun⸗ 
tries lubiect Unto him. Here the Chritians haue their migbtie mules, which they carry foz all the 
partes of § Indies, into Peiu, foz that ali their marcbandize are caried by this meanes by land. 
Jnthis towne afozeſaid J found my cõpanie which J had loſt befoꝛe, mo made no other arcoſit 
dime but that J had bene flaine, æ the Chpittians there like wiſe marueiled to heare p J came fro 
thofe kinde of Jndians aliue, which was a thing neuer feene nop heard of before : fo; they take a 
ee pride in killing a Cyridian, ¢ to weare any part of him where he hath any haire growing. 

ging it about their neckes, a fo are accounted fop valiant men. In this towne J remained 18. 


des til I recouered my healch,¢ in the meane {pace there came one Don Franciſco de Pago, pon Hlentioo 
dom the Uiceroy Don Henrico Manriques had ſent fo; captaine generall, to open ¢ dilcouer a F e 
tertaine way frõ p fea five cop mines of Sacatecas, which was fro this place 160, leagues, ſoꝛ to 


Ganfport tbeir marchãdize byß wap, leauing p wap by Mexico, which is 7.6) 8. moneths trauel. 

this captaine tooke me, my companie with the reſt of his ſouldiers to the number of 40. 
nich be had brought 15 him, e 500. Indians which we tooke out of ÿ two townes in this pros 
unce called Tanchipa, ¢ Tamadelipa, al good archers ¢ naked men, & went thence top riuer de 


Palmas of great bignes, parting 5 kingdome ofnoua Hiſpania, ¢ Florida, ¢ going Mill along Rio de tas Pate 


boths tiuer the {pace of 3. daies fecking paſlage to aſſe ouer,¢ finding none, we were at length * 


ed to cut timber to make a Balla , which when we had made we ſate on it, ¢ the Indians on ratte. 


ing in p water, x thꝛuſting it before them to p other lide: within zo. daies after trauayling 
woods, hils ¢ mountatnes, we came te / mines of Sacatecas, which are 5 richeſt ms 
je 2. 


592 


— — reer TT — — ——— 
559 The voyages and diſcoueries Fohn Chilton, 


in all the Indies, and from thence thep fetch moſt ſiluer: In which mines there dwelt aboue 300, 
Chuſtians, and there our Captaine gaue vs leaue to depart. So we came to the valley of S, 
Michael towards Mexico, and from thence to Pueblo nouo, from that place to the pꝛouinte of, 
Mechuacan, after which name the chiefeſt Citie of that place is called, where there dwels a Bp⸗ 
{hop,and aboue 100. Spanyar ds in it. It aboundeth with all kinde of Spanith fruites, and hath 
copper mines woods full of nutt trees, and wilde vines :heare are many mines of topper, and great ore of tat. 
tel: It lyeth so. leagues from Mexico, whither we came within 4. daies aftersthe Indias of this 
Countreꝝ are very mighty and bygge men. Afterwards J returned another wap to the prouince 
of Sonſonate by Vera cruz, and foto Rio Aluarado, and from thence to the prouince of Campe - 
go, which lyeth on the Southlide of the bay of Mexico: The chief towne of this pꝛouince is called 
Merida, in which is a Biſhop and almoſt C. Spanyardes. Che Indians of this pꝛouinte pap all 
their tribute in mantles of cotten wooll and cacao. There is no pope in ali this pꝛouince fora 
hip of a C. tunne to rde in, but onely in the riuer of Tabaſco, by which riuer this Citie of Me 
rida ſtandeth. The chiefeſt marchandize which they lade there in final Frigats is a certaine wooy 
calles Campege, (wherewith they vle to dye) as alſo bydes and annyle. By this there lyeth che 
mouince Iucatan ueere the Hundura bythe Nozth fea toaſt, where there is alfo another vy 
Mop, and a towne likewiſe named Iuacatans where there dwell a fewe Spanpardes. They haue 
no force at all in all this coaſt to defende themſelues withall, ſaue onely that the Land is low and 
there is no Hozt to receiue any ſhipping, vnleſſe they be Frigats, which carry from thence to the 
Hozt of S. John de Vilua waxe, Cacao, hop, c alſo mantels of cotten wool whereokthey make 
there great ſtoe, and of whichkinde of Marchandize there is great trade thence to Mexicoꝛofthe 
tatnes Lame allo they pay their tribute to the Ring. The king hath tribute bought him peerely out ol 
ol tde king or the Indies into S paine betweene ix. and x. Millions of gold, aud ſiluer: fez he receiueth of eue⸗ 
dite ont af the TY Indian which is ſubiect vnto him, excepting thole which doe belong to the Incommenderos 
wen Andus. (which are the chilozẽ of cole Spanpards, who firſt conquered the land) to whom the king gaue, 
and graunted the gouernment of the Cities and townes ſubdued fer thzee lines, twelue ropals of 
plate, and a hannege of Mapis (which is a wheat ofthe Countrey, v.of hem making a quarter ol 
Englich meafure) and of euery widow woman he hath vi. rt yals an: Ae a bannege of Pais, 
and ſo if any Intidell haue xx.childʒen in his houſe he payeth fo euerp one of them be ing about 
xb. yeres old after that rate: this wheat being duely boug yt to the Gouernour ok euery prouince 
and Citie, is ſolde in Mexico by the Ringes gouernours there euery peere: fo that the money 
receiued fop it, is put into the kings Trealuric there, and fois peerely carped from thente into 
Spaine, Of the Spanpards which are owners of the mines of gold and ſiluer, herereiueth the 
e auinto. filt part of it, which hee calleth his Quintas, which being taken out of the heape, there is bis 
armes fet on it, fox otherwiſe it may not be bought out of the lande into Spaine, vnder paincof 
death. The marke of filuer which is 8. ounces, when it commech out af the mines not hauing 
the Kinges Seale vpon it, is woozth forty three ropalles of plate, and ſo it is currant, and 
when they will boing it for Spapne, they carry it to the Kinges Trealure houle, where his 
Seale is (et vpon it, and fo it is rayſed in value thereby to theeſcoe and foure ropals of plate, 
and ſo the king bach fo his cuſtome ol euerp marke of plate twenty and one ropals. From the 
peere of 70. which was the peere, that the Popes Buls came into the Indies, as is afore mencioe 
ned, he bath receiued both of Indians which are tributaries vnto him, and alfo of all others belons 
ging to the Incommenderos of euery one being aboue 1 2.peeres of age, q. ropals of euerp bull, 
Allo they carry other pardons with them into the Indies foz {uch as bee dead, although a 100. 
peeres before the Spanpards came into the countrey: which pardons the Fryers in their prea 
chings perlwaded the pooze Indians to take, telling them that with giuing 4, royals of plate fo 
a aſſe, they would deliuer their ſoͤules out of purgatozy. Ok the Chhiſtians likewile dwelling 
there he bath 14. royals for euery Bull, and there be certaine Buls bꝛought thither forthe Chit 
ſtians befives the foymer, which ferue foz pardoning all uch faults wherein they haue treſpaſled 
either againſt the king by keeping backe his cuſtomes, o one againſt another by any other iniu⸗ 
ty, oꝭ euery bundzed crownes whereokhis conſcience doth accule bim that hee hath deceiued the 
king oz any other, he muſt giue 10. fo; a Bull and ſe alter that rate fo, euery C which be bathe: 
np way ſtollen, and fois pardoned the fault. The reuenue of bis Buls after this maner peeldeth 
vnto his Trealurie peerelp abouetinee Milions of gold as J haue bene crevibly infozmed: als 
though of late both the Spanyardes, and Indians do refule to take the Buls, fo that they pets 
ceiue be doth make a peerely tuſtome of it: onelp the Indians take one pardon fox all bis bone 
boulde, whereas in former cune euery Indian bled totake one for euerp perſon in his houte, 
and teareth the fame into ſmall peeces, and gyueth to euery one of his bouſhoulde pes, 
* 3 


NM. Fran 


pete, ſaping t 
9 
ine they had 
fes where they 
ftomes, which 
ple ofboth fort 
other Ring of 
hat they ſhoult 
be hought out 
gtoweth in S. 
foapes in Cuber 
id lolſe of goo 
the people then 
ndoubtedly de 
About Mexi 
Nege, which ve 
make hempe, ro 
leafe, there gro’ 
ip thiug. 
Tubus tan 
paue oblerued, 


The firſt v. 
ant Capt 


and an 


ners, and foun 
him after the ſa 
people hereupo 
their fleepe fled 
maining as me 
Tone. But 
the market pla 
let place they d 
taliuers at tho 
one ok the pꝛinc 
the reſt of thei: 
ſteing that they 
they in the Tol 
tune comming 
great feare, th 
headed all to th 
Thus this ¢ 
llewe onely ond 
ter was, and of 
But hee bei 
ariene, ę h 
anama, and 

golde and filuer 


n Chilton, 


welt aboue 300, 
the valley of S. 
to the prouince of, 
here Dinels a Bp. 
fruites, and bath 
great ſtoze of cats 
he Indias of this 
ay to the prouince 
duince of Campe- 
pꝛouince is called 
pꝛouince pay all 
bis pꝛouince fora 
r this Citie ofMes 
is a certaine wooy 
his there lytth che 
alſo another By ' 
atdes. They haue 
e Land is low aud 
from thence to the 
whereokthey make 
teto Mexicosof the 
yim peerely out of 
e receiueth of eue⸗ 
Incommenderos 
om the king gaue, 
8, twelue ropals of 
aking a quarter of 
annege of Mapis, 
them being about 
r ofeuery prouince 
ſo that the money 
d from thente into 
er, he reteiueth the 
heape, there is his 
pine, under paincol 
mines not hauing 
it is currant, and 
e Houle, where his 
ure ropals of plate, 
royals. From iht 
as is afope mencioe 
of all others belon· 
pyals of euery bull, 
ud although a 100. 
pers in their prea 
ropals of plate fo 
blckewile dwelling 
thither forthe Chit: 
they haue crefpatted 
r by auy other iniu⸗ 
e hach deceiued the 
C which be hatha: 
his maner peeldeth 
edibly informed: als 
is, fo that they per 
don fo; all bis boule 
perſon in his houle, 
houſhoulde a little 
piect, 


M. Francis Drake. 


pet, Caping thus, thep neede nowe no moze ſeeing in that which they bought the peere be: 
fore, thep bad aboue 10000, peerta pardon. Theſe pieces they ſticke vp in the wall of the hou⸗ 
fes where they lie. Both the Chpittians and Indians are wearp with ebele infinite taxes anv cus 
flomes, which of late he bath impoled vpon them, move then in the yeeres before, So as the peo: 


ple ofboth ſoztes did rebell twiſe in the time that I was among them, and would haue ſet vp an nedemone in 


acher Ring of them (clues: Foꝛ which caufe the Ring hath commaunded vpon paine of death, 


hat they Mould not plant either wine a oyle there, but ſhould alwapes ſtand in necde of them to exactions, 


de hougbt out of Spaine, although there would moze growe there in foure peeres, then there 

weth in Spaine in twentie it is fo fertile a countrey. Aud the Ring to keepe the countrey als 
lues in ſubiection, and to his owne vſe, bath uraightlp prouivet by Law, vpon paine of death, 
nd loſſe of goobs, that none of tbeſe countries fhoule traffike with any other nation, although 
the people themlelues doe much nowe defire to trade with any other then with them, and would 
doubtedly doe, if they feared not the perill enfuing thereupon, 

About Mexico, and other places in Noua Hiſpania, there groweth a certaine plant called 
Nege which peeldeth Kine, vineger, Ponp, and black Sugar, and of the leaues of it died, they 
make hempe, ropes, ſbodes which they vle, and tyles foz their houſes: and at the ende of eucrp 
ieafe there groweth a ſharye point like an awle, where with they vle to Lore oz pearce though 

thing. ; 
rd Thus to make an ende, J hatte bere fet votwne the ſumme of all the chieleſt things that A 
paue oblerued, and noted in mp 17. petres trauaile in thoſe partes. 


The firſt voyage, attempted and fet foorth by the expert, and vali- 
ant (Aptaine M. Francis Drake himſelfe, with a hip called the Dragon, 


and another ſnip, and a Pinneſſe, to Nombre de Dios, and Dariene, about the 
yeere 1572. Written, and recorded by one Lope: a Spaniard, in this ma- 
ner folowing: which Spaniard, with the difcourfe about him, was taken at the R- 
uer of Plate by the Ships fet forch by the Right Honourable the Earle of 
Cumberlaid, inthe yeere 1586. 


Here was acertaine Englich man named Francis Drake, who hauing intelli. 
gente howe the Towne of Nombre de Dios in Noua Hiſpania, had but ſmall 
ſtoze of people remaining there, came on anight, x entred the Pozte with foure 
Pinneſſes, and landed about 150. men, and leauing 70. men witha trumpet, in 
a Foꝛte which was there, with the other 8o,he entred the Towne, without dos 
‘ ing any harme, till hee came to the market place, and there diſcharged his cali» 
ners, and ſounded a trumpet very loude, and the other which he had left in the Foꝛte anlwered 
him after the fame maner, with che dilcharging their caliuers, and founding their trumpets:the 
people hereupon nat thinking ok anp ſuch matter, were put in great feare, and waking out of 
their fleepe fled all into the mountaines, inquiring one ok another what the matter ſhould be, ree 
maining as men amazed, not knowing what that bppore was which happened fo ſuddenly in the 
Towne. But fourteene oz fifteene of them iopning together with their harguebulſes, went to 
the market place to knowe what they were that were in the Towne, and in a cozner of the mars 
het place they did diſcouer the Engliſh men, and ſeeing them to be but fewe, diſcharged their 
taliuers at thoſe Engliſh men: their foꝛtune was ſuch that they killed the Trumpeter, and ſhot 
one of the pꝛincipall men thoꝛow the leg, who ſeeing himſelfe hurt, retyꝛed to the Fozte, where 
the reſt ol their company was left: they which were in the Foꝛte founded their trumpet, and 
ſteing that they in the Cowne did not anlwere them, and bearing the caliuers, thought that all 
they in the Towne had bene ſlaine, and thereupon fled to their Pinneſſes: The Engliſh Caps 
taine comming to the Foꝛte, and not finding his men which be left tbere, hee and his were in fo 
great feare, that leauing their furniture behinde them, and putting off their hoſe, lwamme, and 
haved all to their Pinneſſes, and ſo went with their ſhippes againe out of the Poꝛte. 
Thus this Engliſh Captaine called Francis Drake departed from Nombre de Dios, and 
llewe onely one man in the Towne which was looking out of a windowe to fee what the mat⸗ 
ter wag, and of his men had onely his Trumpeter ſlaine. ‘ 

But hee being diltontented with the repulſe which he had receiued there, came to the foun 
stDariene, ¢ hauing conference with certaine Negroes which were fled from their matters of 
Panama, and Nombre de Dios, the egroes did tell him, that certaine Mules came laden with 
golde and ſiluer from Panamato Nombre de Dios, who in companie of theſe Negroes went de Dios. 
a Ohh 3 thereupon 


of the Engliſh nation. 594 


ma and Nombre 


595 


M. Francis 
Dake burne 
the houſe o 
Crxoſſes. 


Che Jland ot 
Pearles 25. 


leagues from 
Panama. 


* . 


The voyages and difcoueries John Oxnam, 


thereupon on land, and faped in the way where the treaſure ſhould come with 100. thor and fy 
tooke two companies ol mules, which tame onely with their dpiuers miltrutting nothing, any 
be caried away the golde onlp,for they were not able to carrie the ſiluer though the mountaines, 
And two dayes after he came to che houſe of Crofles , where hee killed ſixe op ſcuen marchante 
but found no golde noꝛ ſiluer but much marchandiz e: ſo he fren the houſe, where was burnt * 
boue 200000, Duckets in marchandiße, and fo went to his ſbippe againe: and within halle an 
boure alter he was a ſbtpboꝛde, there tame down to the ſands 300. fhot of the Spaniarns in 
the fight of bis ſbippes, ol purpoſe to fecke him, but hee cared litle fox them being out of then 
reach, and fo departed with his treaſure. 


The voyage of lohn Oxnam of Plymmouth , to the Weft India, 


and ouer the Straight of Dariene into the South 
Sea. Anno 1575. Written by the foreſayd 
Lopez inthe ſame diſcourſe. 


ſouldiers, he determined to doe that which neuer aup man befoze enterpziled: and landed in that 
place where Francis Drake befoge had had his conference with the Megroes. This man cout red 
his ſhip after he had bꝛought her aground with boug hes of trees, and hid his great Owinante in 
the ground, and fo not leauing any man in his thippe, bee tooke two imall pieces of opdinance, 
and his caliuers, and good More of victuals, ¢ fo went with the Negroes about twelue leagues 
into the maine land, to a River that goeth to the South fea, and there hee cut wood and made g 
Pinneſſe, which was 45. foore by the keele, and hauing made this Pinneſſe, bee went into the 
South fea, carping fire Negroes wich him to be bis guides, e fo went to the Fland ol Peatles, 
which is 25. leagues from Panama, which is in the way that they tome from Peru to Panama, 
and there he was ten Dapes without ſhewing himfelfe to any man, to ſee if he might get any thip 
that tame from Peru: At laſt, there came a ſmall Barke by, which tame fror Peru from a plate 
called Quito, which he tooke, and found in her 60. thouſand waight of golde, and much victuals, 
But not contenting himſelle with this pꝛiſe, bee ſtaped long without ſending away his pile o 
any of the men, and in the ende of fire dayes after, he tooke another Barke which came from Li. 


ma, iu which be tooke 100. thouſande waight of ſiluer in barres, with the which bee thought to 


haue gone, and entred the Niuer, but firk hee went into the Jlands to ſee ik he coul finde any 
Pearles: Mhere he founda fewe, and ſo returned to his Pinnelſe againe, and ſo fapling to the 
River from whence he came, and comming neere to the mouth ol the ſayd River, be ſent away 


the two pꝛiles that he tooke, and with his Binneſſe he went vp the Niuer. The Negroes that 


dwelt in the Nand of Pearls, the fame night that he went from them, went in Canoas te Pana- 


ma, and the Gouernour within two vapes (ent foure Barks with 100. men, twentie ſiue men u 


euerp one, and Megroes to rowe with the Captaine, Iohn de Ortega, which went ta the Jann 
of Pearles, and there had intelligence, which way the Englith men were gone, and following of 
them, hee met by the way the hips which the Engliſh men had taken, of whome hee learned, that 
the Englith men were gone vp the Niuer, and he going thither, when he came to the mouth ol 
the Riuer, the Captaine of Panama knew not which way to take hecauſe there were three pate 
titions in the Niuer to gee vp in, and being determined to goe vp the greateſt of che ther Ric 
ers, he ſawe comming downe a leſſer Niuer many feathers or hennes, which the Engliſh men 
Had pulled to eate, and being glad thereof, he went vp that Niuer where he ſawe the feathers, and 
after that he had bene in that Riuer foure dayes, he dilcried the Engliſh mens Pinnelle vpon the 
ſands, and comming to ber, there were no moje then fire Engliſh men, whereof they killed one, 
and the other fine elcaped away, and in the Pinnilſe hee found nothing but victuals: But this 
Captaine of Panama not herewith ſatiſſied determined to feeke ont tbe Engliſhmen by land and 
leauing twentie men in his Pinneſſes, be with 80. ſbot went vp the countrep: hee had not gone 
Halfe a league, but hee found a boule made of boughs, where they found all the Eng liſh mens 
goods, and the gold and ſiluer alſo, and carping it backe to their Hinneſſes, the Spaniards were 
determined to goe away, without following the Engliſh men any further, ‘ Bi 


Jobn Ox 


But at the ei 
and aboue 200 
pauing the adu 
Engl men. a 
wo were flaine 

Among oth 
toby they went 
Captaine had c 
where they bad 
ij fourt iourne 
riners would ha 
his 070, fell o 
killed the Capt 
would ſeeke N 
Negrocs ta ca 
from the Opa 
niards had don 
trealure if they 
bowes and arro 
tompanie were 
England. Th 
ten all things i 
ued to Panama 
would haue do 

Nowe whe 
0s, and they of! 
wiatds fay) fou 
that the Gicero 
sountrep,fene a 
ihem out, whol 
ſome Barke oꝛ 
goes, who in t 
Aud the Juſtic 
op the licence ol 
upon he and al 
taine, che Malt. 
was executed r 

The King o 
thole Megroes 
niards, and, as 
ſelues to the E 
niards, 

At the lirſt c 


eat iuſtice by 


the Spaniards 
© Che Span 
quering of this 
neuer faw Cn; 
baue mauy Kt 
tho Eng liſh in 
All cheſe ebi 
appointed to k 
after that this! 
auenture to a 
with a ſtrong. 
naand S. Aug 
ok Spaine liue, 
rom the tauat 


n Oxnam, Fobn Oxnam. otthe Engliſn nation. 596 


border, ant fe But at the ende of thyce Daves , the Englilh Capcrame came to the Riuer with all bis men, 

ing nothing, any and aboue 200. Negroes, and fet vpon the Spantards with great furie: But the Spantards 1 chin der 
the mouncaineg, bung the adugutage of trees which ther Moone bebinde, did ealclp pzeusile, and kitten eleuen Enguuh nen 
cuenmarchaney Englith men, and fiue Megroes, ¢ cooke other ſeuen Engliſh men ative, but of the Spaniards, anv the Spar 
ere was burn two were flaineand fiue (oze hurt. marde, 

D within halle an Among other hinges , the Spaniards enquired of the Engliſh men which chep tooke, 

he Dpantars in why they went not away in lifteene dayes libertie which they had. They anfwered, that their 

ing out of their Captaine had commaunded them to carry all that golde and ſiluer which they had, to the place 


where they had left their ſhippe, and they had pꝛomiled hum to carrp it, although they made tree 

op foure iour neys of it, for he pꝛomiſed co giue them part of it belides their wages, but the mare 

Veſt India. riners would baue it by and bp, and fo their Captaine being angry becauſe they would not take 
7 his woꝛd, fell out withthem, and they with bim, in fo much that one ok the tompanie would haue 

killed the Captaine, ſo that the Captaine would not haue them to carry the treaſurt, but ſayd hee 

would fecke Megrots to carry it, and fo he went, and ſought for Megrors, and bringing chofe 

Negrocs ta cary it, he met with che fiuc Engliſh men that he bad left in his Pinneſſe which ran 


it Francis Drake from the Spantards, and the reſt alſo which ran from the houle, e they tolde him what the Spas 
uenture and fafe niards had done, and then making friendſhip with all his men, he pꝛomiſed them halle of all che 
terpꝛiſe, witha trealure ik they got it from the Spaniards, and the Negroes pꝛomiſed to helpe him with their 
conference with bowes and arrowes, and therenpon they tame to ſeeke the Spaniards and notw that ſome of bis 
r which came vp⸗ tompanie were killed and taken, he thought it deſt to returne to his ſhip, ¢ (ota paſſe backe foʒ 
conducted with England. The Spanith Captaine hearing this, hauing buried the dead bodies, ¢ hauing gots 
nd landed in that ten all things into bis Barke, and taking the Engliſh men and their Pinnes with him, he retur⸗ 
his man coucres : wed to Panama: fo the voyage of that Cnglih man did not profper with him, as hee thought it 
rat Drdinance in would haue done. 
ces of odinante, Nowe when the foure Barks were come to Panama they ſent aduiſe alfota Nombre de Di- 
t twelue leaguts os, and they of Nombre de Dios, ſent alſo from them other foure Barks (which, as the Spas 
ood and made 8 wiatds fay) found the Engliſb ſhip where the was hid, and brought her to Nombre de Dios: and 
ee went into the that the Uiceroy of Peru, not thinking it good to ſuffer fiftie Engliſh men to remaine in the 
land of Pearles, countrey, ent a ſeruant of his called Diego de Frees, with 150. ſhot into the mountaines to ſecke 
eruto Panama, ihem out, who found them making of certaine canoas to go into the JNopth ſea, and there to take 
ight get any thip ſome Barke oꝛ other: ſome of them were ſicke, and were taken, and the reſt flen with the Ne⸗ N Enguſß 
cru from a place groes, who in the ende betraped them to the Sopantards , ſo that tbey were bought to Panama. 9 Spamarbs. 
d much victuals. Aud the Juſtice of Panama afked the Engliſh Captaine whether hee had the Queenes licence, 
wap his mite q onthe licence of anp other Pꝛince oꝛ Loꝛde for his attempt. And he anſwered he had none, wheres 
ch came from Li. upon he and all his company were condemned to dye, and ſo were all executed, ſauing the Cap: Type neath ot 
b hee thought to taine, che Maſter, the Bilote, and fiue boyes which were carried to Lima, and there the Captaine John Ornam, 
could finde any was executed with the othertwo, but the bopes be per liuing. 
fo ſayling to the The King of Spaine hauing intelligence of theſe matters, ſent 300. men of warre againſt 
r, be ſent away thole Negroes which had aſliſted thole Engliſh men, which before were llaues vnto the Spa⸗ 
e Negroes that: niards, and. as before is ſapd, led from their maſters into thoſe mountaines, and fo ioyned theme 
Canoas ts Pana - ſelues to the Engliſh men, to the end they might the better reuenge them ſelues on the Space 
entie fine men u niards, 


ent to the Jland At the firk comming of thele 300. ſouldiers, they tooke many of the Negroes, and exeruten 

and following ol ' great iuſtice vpon them: But after a ſeaſon, the Negroes grewe wile and wary, and pꝛeuented 

hee learned, that the Spaniards, fo that none of chem could be taken. 

to the mouth ol The Spantards of that Countrep marueiled much at this one thing, ta {ee that fincethe cone 

were thꝛee pate quering of this land, there bath bene many French men, that haue come to thoſe Countries. but 

ok che three Ris neuer ſaw Engliſb men there but onely thole two ok whom J haue ſpoken. And although there 

he Engliſh men baue mauy French men bene on the coaſt, yet neuer durſt they put foote vpon land, onelp chole 

the feathers, and tho Engliſh inen aduentured it, and did ſuch erplopts, as are beſohe remembzed. 

inneſſe vpon the Alltheſe things comming to the bearing of the King of Spaine, he pꝛouided two Gallies wel h 
fthey killed one, appointed to keepe thole coals: and the firſt yeere, they tooke fire oꝛ ſeuen French hips, And ndies, 
uals: But this after chat this was knowen, there were no more Engliſh men oꝛ French men ok warre that dure El 
men by land, aud muenture to appꝛoch the coat, vntill this pꝛelent pecre 1586, that the afoꝛeſayd Francis Drake, buſid ates 
ee had not gone mith a ſtrong Fleete of 24. ſbippes arriued there, and made ſpoyle of S. Domingo, Carthage - 4 — 2 the 
e Eng lith mens naand S. Auguſtine, things that are knowen to all the woꝛld. But it is likely that ifthe Ring 

Spaniards were ofSpaine liuc, he will in time pꝛouide ſufficient remedy , to keepe his Countries, and ſubiects 


from the inualion of other nations, 


Bit A diſcourſe 


. CS hE A AES i, 
397 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries North meſt paſſage. 


A diſcourſe written by Sir Humfrey Gilbert Knight, to prooue 
a Paſſage by the North meſt to Cathais and the Ealt Indies. 


The Table of the matters conteined in euery Chapter of this difcourfe, 


Capitulo 1. 
0 pooue by authoritie a paſſage to be on the Nozt Ameti 
china, and to the Catt India. . amen neten, 
Capitulo 2. 
To pooue by realon a paſſage to be on the Noꝛth five ol America, to gu to Caraia, 


Ales 
Molluccæ, &c. 


Capitulo 3. 
Co pꝛooue by experience of ſundʒy mens trauailes the opening of chi thw: 
whereby good hope remaineth of the reit. ö eee nn 
a Capitulo 4. 
To prooue by circumſtance, that 15 Nozthweſt paſſage hath bene fapled throughout, 
apitulo 5. 
To pꝛooue that (uch Indians as haue bene dʒiuen vpon the coaſis of Germanic came not thi 
ther by the Southealt, and W soy anp part of Afrike 0 America, 
apitulo 6, 
To pꝛooue that the Indians aforxenamedcame not by the Noztheaſt, and that ther 
rowe pallage nauigable that way. eee 


a Capitulo 7. 
To pꝛooue that thele Indians came by che Noꝛthweſt, which induceth a certaintie ofthis pal 
ſage by experience. Capitulo 8. 


. Ghat ſeuerall reafons, were alleaged before the Queenes Maieſtie, and certaine Lopves of 
ber Pigbneſle priuie Counſel, by M. lenkinſon a Gentleman of great trauaile and expetience, 
to proouc this pallage by the nen my ſeuerall anſweres then alleaged to the fame, 

: apitulo 9. 

Powe that this pallage by the Moreh welt, is moze commodious for our trallike, then 
bp the Moꝛtheaſt, ik there were any lach. 5 N e 
Capitulo 10. 
Mhat commodities would enſue, this palſage being once diſcouered. 


To prooue by authoritie a Paſſage to be on the North fide of A- 
merica, to goe to ( athaia, and the East India. 


Chapter 1. 

ben J gaue my ſelfe to the ſtudie of Geographie, after J had peruſed and dili⸗ 
A gently {canned the deſcriptions of Europe, Aſia, and Affike, and conferred them 
Ly with the Mappes and Globes both Antique and Moderne: I came in fine ta the 
d fourth part of the world, commonly talled America, which vy all deſcriptions 
| a, J foundeo bean Hand enutroned round about with the Sea, having on the 
Souchlide of it, the frete, oz ſtraight of Magellan, on the Tet five Mare de fur, 
which Sea runneth towards the Nozth, ſeparating it from the Calk partes of Aſia, where the 
* of we . an 5 Eaſt part our IMeſt Ocean, and on the Moyth fide the 

ea that ſeuereth it from Groneland, thoowe which Moꝛthꝛe A a i 
J take nowe in hand to diſcouer. ig . es Ne 
Plato in Timæo, and in the Dialogue called Critias , vifcourfeth of an incomparable great 
Nand, then called Atlantis, being greater then all Afinke,and Afia, which lay TMeſtward from 
the Straights of Gibralter, nauigable round about: affirming allo that the Princes of Atlan 
tis, did afwell eniop 5 gouernance of all Affrike, ¢ the moſt part of Europe, as of Atlantis it {elfe, 
Alſo to pꝛooue Platoes opinion of this Iland, and the inhabiting of it in auncient time, bp 
them ol Europe. to be ofthe moje credite: Marinæus Siculus, in his Chꝛonicle of Spaine, repoy 
teththat there bath bene found by the Spaniards, in the Golde Mines of America, certaine pieces 
of Money, ingraued with the Image of Auguſtus Cæſar: which pieces were ſent to the Pope, 

for a teſtimonie ofthe matter by lohn Rufus, Arcbbyſbop of C onſentinum. 

MPopeouer, this was not only thought ef Plato, but by Marfilius Ficinus, an extellent Florentine 


Bbiloſopber, 


The No 


lolopher, O 
ae De Mun 
with water, bp r 
Che like where 
Su erum, it cut 
ning of bis four 

And alſo the 
the Cory nthiar 
the lea, and are 
mowen of long 
Veſpucius, in t 
ftophorus Col 

The ſame ca 
time, which ſon 
forthe manner 
pluall moneth, 
Oo that int 
tell ok this Acid 
teruailing ther 
Then, if wh 
round about t 
Nonthweſt, ſee 
not vtterly tab 
the olde, and a 
Nonthweſt pa 
America, was 
accefle of mode 

Alſo Ariſto 
netations vpo 
peare, Afia, A 
palled about v 
Illand, and int 

Alſo many 

Eat of India) 
fik, Mare Atl 
the earth. 

So that it 

name Atlanti 
oz pet the Se 
that thole D 
the one and t 
King thereo! 
ded between 
Mherefo 
this our ente 
confirmed by 
Geographer 
Michael Tra 
montanus,P 
out Anno 1 
legato C. D 
wards anp p 
lea, from an 

All wbic 
that Americ 
land, by the 
paſſe to Cat 

either the ð 


CO prooue 


urſe. 


D Oe to Cataia, 
to go to Cataia, 
ach wert pallage, 


ougbout. 
ie came not this 


there is no tho 


pintie of this pats 


e Lopes of 
and experience, 
sed to the fame, 


kethen ee oer 


fide of A. 


erufed and dilis 
conferred chem 
ne in fine to the 
ll deſcriptions 
hauing on the 
de Mate de ſur, 
Afia, where the 
Noyth fide the 
ge lyeth, which 


parable great 
leſtward from 
nces of Atlan- 
tlantis it ſelfe. 
tent time, bp 
paine, repops 
ertaine pieces 
to the Pope, 


nt Florentine 


Bhiloſophet, 


' 
' 


The N orthwest paſſage. of the Engliſh nation. 


paffage, 


598 


Pbilolopher, Grantor the Gracian, Proclus, alſo Philo the famous lewe, (as appeareth in his peoclus pag.a4. 
pooke De Mundo, and in the Commentaries vpon Plato) to be ouerflowen, and ſwallowed vp 
with water, by reaſon of a mighty earthanake, and ſtreaming down of the heauenly Fludgates. 
Che like where ol happened vnto ſome part of Italie, when by the fopciblenes of the Sea, called 
duperum, it cut of Sicilia fromthe Conciuent of Calabria, as appeareth in Iuſtine, in the begin · 1uſine lib. 4. 
ning of his fourth booke. Allo there chaunced the like in Zeland a part of Flanders, 
And alſo the cities of Pyrrha, and Antiſſa, about Meotis palus: and alſo, the titie Burys, in Plinie. 
the Corynthian doſome, commonly called Sinus Corinthiacus, haue bene fwallowed vp with 
the lea, and are not at this day to bee diſcerned : By which accident, America grewto bee vn⸗ 
gnowen of long time, vnto vs of the later ages, and was lately diſcouered againe, bp Americus 
Veſpuc ius, in the pere of our Lond. 1497, which forme lay to haue bene fire dilcouered, by Chri- 
ftophorus Columbus à Genuois. Anno. 1492. 
The ſame calamitie happened onto this Ifle of Atlantis 600, and odde peres before Plato bis 
time, which ſome of the people of the foucheatt partes of the woꝛld accompted as ooo. yeeres: 
ſanthe manner then was to rekon the moone her Period of the Zodiak ſo; a peere, which is our 
pluall moneth, depending 2 Luminari minore. 
So that in the ſe our dayes there can no other mapne oz Iſlande be found op iudged to bee pare 
tell of this Atlanxis, then thoſe Aeſterne Iſlands, which beare now the name ol America: toun⸗ 
teruailing thereby the name of Aclar is, in the knowledge of our age. 
Chen, if when no part of the ſaid Athlantis was oppꝛeſſed by water, ¢ earthquake, the coaſts 
round about the fame were nauigable: a farre greater hope nowe remaineth of the ſame by the 
Nojehwett, ſeeing che motk part ofit was, ſince that time, ſwallowed vp with water, which could au 
not btterly take away the old deepes and chanels, but rather, be an occaſion of the inlarging of 
the olde, and allo an infozeing of a great many newe: why then ſhoulde we nowe doubt of our 
Hoꝛthweſt pallage e nauigation from England to Indiaꝰęc. ſeeing that Athlantis nowe called 
America, was euer knowen to bean Iſland, and in thoſe dayes nauigable round about, which by 
accelle of moze water coulde not be diminiſhed. 
Allo Ariſtotle in this booke de Mundo, and the learned Germaine, Simon Gryneus in his ane 
netations vpon the lame, faith that the whole earth (meaning thereby as manifeſtly doeth ap: 
peare, Afia, Africk, and Europe, being all the countries then knowen)to be but one Iſland, cam 
pated about with the reach of che Sea Atlantine: which likewiſe appꝛoueth America to bee an 
Iſland, and in na part adioyning to Aſia, oꝛthe reſt. 
Alſo manp Auncient writers, as Strabo and others, called both the Ocean fea (which lieth serabo lib. 13. 
Eat of India) Atlanticum pelagus, and that Sea alſo on the Tleſt coaſtes of Spayne and A- 
fae Mare Atlanticum: the diſtance betweene the two coattes, is almoſt halle the compaſſe of 
e earth. 
So that it is incredible, as by Plato appeareth manifeſtly, that the Eaſt Indian Sea had the 
name Atlanticum pelagus, of the mountaine Atlas in Africk, o; yet the Sea adioyning to Afrik. 
0} pet the Sea adioyning to Afrik had name Oceanus Atlanticus, of the fame mountaine: but 
that thole Seas and the mauntaine Atlas, were fo called of his great Iſland Atlantis, and that Valerius Anfel- 
the one and the other, had their names foz a memopiall of the mightie pꝛince Atlas, ſometime annorum pe ak 
King chereof,twho was Iaphet yongeſt ſonne to Noah, in whole time the whole earth was deui⸗Pium. bor e. 
bed betweene the thꝛee bꝛethꝛen, Sem, Cam, and Iaphet. den 10, 
Aherefope J am of opinion that America by the Mozthweſt, will be founde fauourable to 
this our enterpꝛiſe, and am the rather imboldened to beleeue the fame, for that I finde it not only 
confirmed by Plato, Ariſtotle, and other ancient Philoſophers: but allo by all the beſt moderne 
Geographers, as (Gemma Friſius, Munſterus, Appianus. Huntetus, Gaftaldus, Guyccardinus, 
Michael Trameſinus, Franciſcus Demon genitus, Barnardus Puteanus, Andreas Vauaſor, Tra- 
montanus, Petrus Martyr, and alſu Ortelius) who doth coaſt out in his generall Mappe (fee 
out Anno 1569, all the countreps and tapes, on the Mozthweſtſide of America, from Hoche- 
legate C. De Paramantia: deſtribing likewiſe the fea coattes of Cataia and Grondland, tos 
wards any part of America, making both Grondland and America, Iſlands diſiopned by a great 
lea from any part of Afia. ; 
All which learned men and paineful trauellers haue affirmed, with one confent and voice, 
that America was an Iſland: and that there lyeth a great Sea betweene it, Cataia, and Grond- 
land, by the which any man of our countrey, that will giue the attempt, may with ſmal danger 
pate to Cataia, the Moluccæ, India, and all other places in the Cat, in much ſhozter time, then 


either the Spaniard, o; Portingale doeth, o may doe, om the neerelt parte of anp of their po 
te 


To proue by reafon,a paſſage to be on the Northfide 
America: to goe to Cataia, Cc. 


The voyages and diſcoueries NCorthweft paſſage. 


treis within Europe. 

A. hat mooued theſe learned men to affirme thus much, J know not, oz to that end ſo 

and ſundzy trauellers, of both ages, baue allowed the fame : But J coniecture that they would 
neuer haue fo conſtantly affirmed, oz notified their opinions therein to the world, il they bad not 

had great good cauſe, and many probable reaſons, to haue lead them thercunto, 

Now leat pou (houlo make ſmal accompe of ancient wpirers oz of their experiences which 
trauelled long befoze our times, xckoning their authopitie among fables of no impoytance : 
bate for the better aflurance of thofe profes, fet downe ſome part of a diſcourſe, written inthe 
amen Saxon tongue, and trauſlated into Englich bp . Nowel ſeruant to Maiſter Secretarie Cecil 
dag Creaus wherein there is deſcribed a JQauigacion, which one Ochther made, in the time of Ring Allred, 
s s Hing of CieRlage Anno. 57 1, the wopdes of which diſtourſe were theſe: Ee failed right North, 
1 Aantgatis hauing alwaies the deſert land on the Starborde, and on the Larbord the mayne fea, continue 

ing his courfe, vntill he perceived that the coaft bowed directly towardes the Eaſt, or elſe the 

hing Aurel Sca opened into the lande he could not tel how far, where he was compelled to ſtay vntil hee 

had a weſterne winde, or ſome what vponthe North and ſayled thence directly Eaſt, alongſt 

the coaft, fo farre as he was able infoure dayes, where he was againe inforced to tary wilde 

A pertett de⸗ had a North winde, becauſe the coaft there bowed directly towards the South, or at leaſt ope- 

ned he knew not how far into the land, ſo that he ſayled thence along the coaſt continually ful 

South, fo far as he could trauel in the {pace of fiue dayes, where he diſcouered a mightie riuer, 
which opened far into the lande, and in the entrie of this riuer he turned backe againe. 

hereby it appeareth, that he went the very fame way, that we now do perelp trade bys. Ni. 

cholas into Muſcouia, which wap no inan in our age knew, foz certaintie to be fea, vntil it was 


C 
Irtt, all ſeas are mainetained by che abundance of water, ſo that the nterer the 
ende, any Niuer, Baye oz Waren is, the ſwallower it waxeth, (although by 
ſome Accidental barre, it is ſometime found otherwiſe) But the farther pou 
ſaile Wet, from Iſland, towarda the place, where this fretis thought to be che 
more deeper are the⸗ſeas: which giueth vs good bope, of continuance of the 
fame fea, with Mare del Sur, by ſome frete that lyech betweene America, Grone 


2 Alſo ik that America were not an Iſlande, but a part of the continent adiopning to Aſu, ti. 
ther the people which inbabite Mangia, Anian and Quinz ay, &c. being boꝛderers vpon it, would 
befoge this time, haue made fome roade into it: hoping to haue found fome like commodities ta 


3 Dz els the Scythians, and Tartarians( which often times beretofoze, haue ſougbt far ¢ nere, 
makes £02 new (eats, diiuen thereunto, cough the netellitie of their colde, and milerable countreps) 
ute mould in all tbis time, haue found the way to America, and entred the fame, bad the pallages 

bene neuer fo ſtraite, oꝛ difficult: che countrie being fo temperate, pleaſant and fruitful, in come 
pariſon oftheir own. But there was neuer any ſuch people found there, by any of the Spaniards, 
Portingals, 03 Frenchmen, who firſt diſcauered the Inland ofthat Countrie: which Spaniards, 
0} Frenchmen, muſt then of necellitie, haue leene lome one Ciuil man in America, conſidering 
bow ful of ciuil people Aſia is: But they neuer ſawe fo much as one token, 02 ſigne, chat euer 
any man of the knowen part ol the wozld, had beene there. 


4 Furchermoy’, 


The No 
I Furthern 

4 ote nen 
rica, haue entre 


many peer es) 
go Cataia,op I 


ging to Afia, B. 
other. 


nebe Confine 
ps from the ¢ 


America and p 


the alt to the 
inferiour bodie 
winentlp ſeene 
fromtve Eaſtt 
ants, Eaftwar 
uers courſes, t 


- 


part of Afia 


J. sporeow 


together, 
6 But neit 


ourmed a g 
ues de Coron 
te by land, 
7 Allo it ap 


pon the fret @ 
the earth: and 
lun ol the narr 
ion to ace 
ure as Cap. F 
which is abou 
8 Sothat 
illumeth it to 
America, then 
Wietward to 
bp the authozi 
Finmarke, an 
fonce, then tet 
Magellan ta 
thehorenefie 
entremainin 
which it ott 
thoow this! 
The like 
Conterenus 
all the coat: 
Gibralter, b. 
Barbatie, by 
It map 
thereby im 
fach ſozt as 
Coaſt of A 
ſuch like m 

ik pe ſinke a 
two gunne 
courte oft 
By the 
farre foew 

9 Alfo 


re that they wou 


no impoptance : 
tle, written in the 
Secretarie Cec ill 

e of Ring Alfred’ 
hiled right North, 
yne fea, continu. 
e Faſt, or elfethe 
H to ſtay vntil hee 
tly Faſt, alongſt 
A to tary vntill i+ 

h, or at leaſt o 

ſt continually ful 

da mightie ruer, 

e againe 


againe. 

lp trade bys. Ni. 
ſea, vntil it was 
t thought befne 
accompted a nem 
eth. 

ragment of this 
Ranigation wag 
and pet wee in 


ig berifien by the 


et out in the ben 
ules of this our 


fide 


t the nterer the 
(althougb by 
the farther you 
ught to be, the 
inuance of the 
nerica, Grone- 


ing to Aſia, ete 
bpon it, would 
nmodities ta 


cht far ¢ nere, 
e countreps) 
the pallages 
itful, in come 
je Spaniards, 
b Spaniards, 
conſidering 
e, that euer 


uthermope, 


* eft paffage, 


what end fo many 


a, ee ag 


xperiences which 


The N orthwelt paſſage. of the Englifh nation. 


4 Furchermope, it is to be thought, that it by traſon of mountatnes,o} other craggy places, 

people neither ol Cacaia,op Tartarie coulde enter the tountrie of America, 03 tbey of Amc- 
rica, haue enced Aſia, if it were ſo ioyned: pet ſome one fauage, 07 wandzing beat would info 
many peeres, haue paflen into it:but there bath not any time bene found any of the beats proper 
toCataia,op Lartarie & c. in America : no} of thoſe pꝛoper to America, in Tartarie, Cataia, c. o 
any part of Afia, Albich ching pꝛoueth America, not only to be one liland, and in no part adiop · 
ung to Afia, But allo that the people of thoſe Countreys, haue not had anp traffpke with cache 

U 
J SPoreouer at the leat (ome one of thoſe paineful trauellers, which of purpoſe haue pal⸗ 
ſtdche Contines of both countreis, with intent only to diſcouer, would, as it is moſt likely haue 
one from the one to the other: tf there had bene any piece of land, oz Iithmos, to haue iopned 
them together, oz elſe haue declared ſome cauſe to the contrary, 

6 But neither Paulus venetus, who lpued, and dwelt a long time, in Cataia, euer came into 
America, and pet was at the Sea coaſtes of Mangia, ouer againſt it, where he was imbarked, and 
perfourimed a great Mauigation along thoſe Seas: Neither yet Verarzanus, o; Francifcus vai- 
ques de Coronado, who trauelled the North parte of America by lande, euer found entry from 
thence by land, to Cataia, o7 any part of Afia, 

7 Allo it appeareth to be an Iſland, inſomuch as the Sea runneth by nature circularlp, from epe sea hath 
the alt to the Welt, following the Diurnal motion of Primum Mobile, and tarieth with it all Ming. 
infertour bodies moueable, alwel celeſtial, as elementall:wbich motion of the waters, is moſt e⸗ ente in occiden 
winentlp ſeene in the Dea, which lyeth on the Southſide of Afrik, where the currant that runneth ‘ns hun. 
from the E aſt to the Weſt, is fo trong ( by reaſon of ſuch motion ) that their Portingals in the vops uset refuxus. 
ages, Eaftward to Callecute in peſſing by Cap. De buona ſperanga, are enforced to make di r ar 
uers courſes, the currant there being fo ſwilt, as it ſtriketh from thence, all along Weſtward, Aderli mom 
ypon the fret ol Magellan, being dillant from tbence, nere the fourth part of che longitude of (acerca), 
the earth: and uot hauiug free paſlage and entrance, thozow that fret towardes the Tell, by reas moucncur, 
lun ol the narrownes of the ſaid ſtratte of Magellan, it ruuneth to ſalue this wrong (Nature not 

ding to accidental reſtraints) all along the Eaſterne ceafts of America, Northwardes, fo 

ag Cap. Fredo, being the fartheſt knowen place of the fame tontinent, towards the North: 
which is about, 48 00. leagucs, reconing therewithal the trending of the land. 

8 So that this Currant, being continually mainteined with (uch force, as Jaques Cartier 
affirmeth it to be, who met with the fame being at Baccalaos, as he failed alongſt the coaſtes of 
America, then, either it muſt of neceſſitie, haue way to paſſe from Cap Fredo, thozꝛowe this frete, 

Weftward towardes Cataia, being knowen to come fo farre, onely to falue his former wzongs, 

by the authozitie before named: o} els it mutt needes Arike ouer, vpon the coatt of Iſland, Lappia, 

Finmarke, and Norway, (which are aft from the ſaid place, about 360. Leagues) with greater 

force, then it did from Cap. de buonaSperanca, vpon the fret ot Magellan op fromthe frete of 

Magellan to Cap. Fredo, vpon which coaſtes, Iaques Cartier mette withthe ſame, conſidering 

thelhorenetie of the Cut, from the laide C. Fredro, to Illand, Lappia, c. And fo the cauſe Effici- tegen 
ent remaining, it would haue continually followed along our coaſts, though the narro we ſeas, 

iubich it doth not, but is dilgeſted about the North of Labrador, by ſome though paſſage there, 

thoꝛow this fret. 

Che like courfe of the water, in ſome reſpett, happenethin the Mediterrane Sea( as affirmeth 
Conterenus) whereas the currant, which commeth from Tanais, ¢ the Euxinus, running along Contercnus, 
all the coaſts of Greece, Italie, France and Spaine, and not finding ſufficient way out through 
Gibralter, by meanes of the ſtraitneſſe of the fret, it runneth backe againe, alongſt the coatts of 
Barbarie, by Alexandria, Natolia, ęc. 

It map (peraduenture) bee thought that this courſe of the fea, doth ſometime ſurceaſe, and 
thereby impugne this principle, becauſe it is not diſterned all along the coaſt of America, in 
fuch fopt as Jaques Cartier found it: IAhereunto J anſwere this: that albeit, in euerp part of the an obiettion 
Coaſt of America, 03 els where, this Currant is not ſenſibly perceiued, vet, it batheuermoze Spree be 
uch like motion, either the vppermoſt, oz nethermof part of the {eas as it may bee pꝛaued true, enermone pers 
ifpefinke a ſaple by a couple of ropes, nere the grounde, faſtening to the nethermoſt comers, forme there 
two gunne chambers oz other weights: by the dꝛiuing whereof pou Hall plainely perceiue, the euer in supre- 
tour le of the water, and Currant, running with ſuch like tourſe in the bottome. — 

By the like experunent, vou map linde the opdinarie motior ot the fea, in the Ocean: howe 
kure ſoeuer pou be off the land. 


9 Alſo there tommeth another Currant from out the Moztheaſt from the Sythian Sea (as 
P. Ienkinſon 


P —TTTß——— mmm 
60 he voyages and diſcoueries North weſt pajfage, 


flowing 

Ded 

bp reafon * 
e beate o 

the moone 

bopleth, and 

maͤket h the 

water thi 

bp wap of ras 

re faction. 

Wn experience 

to pꝛoue the 


falling of this Tid 


Currant, to 
Mare del fur. 


M. Ienkinſon aman of rare vertue, great trauaile and expericuce,colo me) which runneth len 
ward towardes Labrador, as the other din, which commeth from the South: fo that boch thefe 
Currants, mut haue way thoꝛow tbis our frece,op elfe incounter together and runne contrarp 
courfes,in one line, but no ſuch conflictes of ſtreames, 03 contrarp courfes are found about 
part of Labrador, o; Terra noua, as witneſſe our peerelp fithers,and other faplers that wap, but 
is . 1 ag alozeſaid, and founde by the experience of Barnard de la Torre, to fall int 
Mare del Sur. ° 

10 furchermoye, the Currant in the great Ocean, toulde not haue beene mainteined tg 
runne continually one way, from the beginning of the woꝛld, vnto this dap, had there not ben 
ſome thopow palſage by the freie afopefarve, and fo by circular motion, bee brought againe ta 
maintaine it ſelle: For the Tides, and courſes of the Sea are maintained by their interchangeae 
ble motions :as frefh riuers are by ſpringes, by ebbing and flowing, by rarifaction and cone 
denſation. 

So that it relteth not poſſible( ſo farre as my ſimple reafon can compꝛehend) that this perpes 
tuall currant, can by any meanes be maintained, but onely by tontinuall reacceſſe of the fame 
water, which palſeth thoꝛow the fret, and is boughe about thither againe, by ſuch Circular mos 
tion as aloe ſaid. And the tertaine falling therot by this fret into Mare del Sur, is pꝛoued bp the 
teſtimonie ¢ experience, of Barnarde del la Torre, who was (ent from P. del la Natiuidad to the 
Molluccæ, Anno domini 1542. by commaundement of Anthonie Mendoza, then Viceroy of 
Noua Hifpania, which Barnarde, fapled 750, Leagues, on the Notthſide of the quator, and 
there met with a currant, which came from Northeaſt che which dꝛoue him backe againe to 

Idore. 

Mhereloye, this currant being pꝛoued to come from C. de buona Speranca,to the fret of Ma. 
gellan, and wanting ſufficient entrance there, vv narrownes ol the ſtraite, is by the neceſſitie of 
natures force, bʒougbt to Terra de Labrador, where Jacques Cartier met the ſame, and thente 
tertainlpknowen, not to trike ouer bpon Ifland, Lappia, &c. and found by Barnard de la Tone, 
in Mare del Sur, on the backeſide of America, therefoze this currant(hauing none other patlage) 
mutt of neceſſity, fal out theo this our fret into Mare del Sur, and fo trending by the Molluccz, 


China, and C. De buona ſperanza, maintaineth it felfe by citculas motion, which is all one in 


wos lib. 9. Of 
pis firſt Des 
cas. c 


av. I. 


nature, with Motus ab Oriente in Oecidentem. 

So that it ſeemeth, we haue now moe occafion to doubt of our returne, chen whether there 
be a paſſage that wap, ven oꝛ no: which doube, hereafter ſbalbe ſufficiently remoouen, Tubert 
foze, in mine opinion, reaſon it felf, grounded vpon experience, aſſureth vs of this patlage,ifthere 
were nothing els to put vs in hope thereol. But leaſt theſe might not ſuffice, J haue added in this 
Chapter following, ſome further proofe hereof, by the experience of ſuch as haue pallen ome 
part of this viſcouerie: and in the next adioyning to that the authoʒitie of thole, which haue lapled 
wholy, thoꝛom euery part thereot. 


To prooue by experience of ſundrie mens trauels, the opening 
of fome part of this Northweſt pafSage : whereby good hope 


remaineth of the reſt. 


CHAP, 3 


Aulus Venetus, who dwelt many peeres in Cataia, affirmed that be failen 

lz; s9OMples,vpon the coaltes ef Mangia, and Anian, towardes the North. 

J JERS j calts alwapes finding the Seas open before him, not onelp ag larre ashe 
went: but alſo as farre as he could diſcerne, 

2 Alſo Francifcus Vaſques de Coronado paffing from Mexico by Ce- 

US uola, through the countrep of Quiuir, to Sierra Nevada, found there a great 

. Des, Where were certaine Shippes laden with Merchandiſe, che ma⸗ 

riners wearing on their beads the pictures of certaine birds, called Alcatrarzi,part wherol were 

made of golde, and part of ſiluer: who figniften bp ſignes, chat tbey were thirtie dayes comming 

thither: which like wile pꝛoueth America by exverience to bee difiopnen from Cataia, on that 

part. by a great Sea, betauſe they could not come from any part of America, as Natiues ther 

Of: fo that, lo farre as is dilcouertd, there bath not bene founde there any one Sobippe of that 

tountrey. 


3 Ju like mancr, lohan Baros, tt tilieth that the Cofmographers of Clina( where het 28 


Northwe 


5 bene) all 
aten 


e Crondl 
de Labrador, 50 


— 
veft baſſage. 
—— — 
ich runneth een 
)3 ſo that both there 
nd runne contrary 
ie Found about 
plers that wap, but 
a Torre, to fall intg 


ene mainteined te 
bad there not bene 
bought againe ta 
heir interchangeas 
rifaction and con. 


d) that this perpes 
tacceſſe of the lame 
ſuch Circular mos 
ur, is pꝛoued by the 
la Natiuidad to the 
a, then Viceroy of 
the Equator, and 
u backe againe to 


a, to the fret of Ma. 
by the neceſſitie of 
e (ame, and thence 
arnard de la Tone, 
one other patlage) 
g bp the Molluccz, 
which is all one in 


then whether there 
tooued, heres 
i paſſage, ilthere 
haue added in this 
8 haue paſſed ſome 
which haue lapler 


he opening 
hope 


rmed that be failen 
wardes the North 
help as farre as he 


bit Mexico by Ce- 
ound there a great 
handiſe, the mae 
part wherof were 
ie dapes comming 


kucher 


| Koribwef paſſage. ol the Englifh nation. 602 


Gitehad bene) alfirme that the Sea coat, trenderh from thence Mopeheatt ,to 3o. degrees of Sep- 
rencrionall Latitude, being the farthet part chat toap , which the Poftingals hadthen knowledge 
of: ad that the laide Colmograyhers knewe no catife to the sontrarp , but that it might continue 


. ſe experiences, America is pꝛoued to be feparate from thofe partes of Aſia, directly a⸗ 
Nau And not contented tub the iudgements of chefe learned men onclp , J haue fears 
hed what might be further {aid loꝛ the confirmation hereof. 
And J found that Francifcus Lopes de Gomara affirmeth, America to be an Iland, and 
laruiſe Grondland: andthat Grondland is diſtant from Lappia 40. lcagues, and from Terra 
rador, 5. 
1 : Aluarus Nunnius à Spaniard, and learned Coſmographer, and Iacobus Car- 
tier, who made two vopages into rhole partes and ſayled 500. myles bpon the Mort heaſt coaſtes 


45 Like wile Hieronimus Fracaſtorius, a learned Italian, and trauailer in the North partes 
land. 

* 175 laques Cartiet hauing done the like, heard fap at Hochelaga in Noua Francia, howe 

that there was a great Ota at Saguinay, whereot the end was not kno wen: which they pꝛelup⸗ 

nw eo be the pallage to Cataia. 


Furthermoze, Sebaltian Cabota, by his perſonal experience and trauell hath ct foorth,and dee Witten in 
mie his pale én bis Charts woich are pet to be ſerne in the Queenes Maieſties pꝛiuie Gale 8 


linie at Mhitehall, who was ſent to make this diſcouerie by king Penriethe ſeuenth, and entred 
delame fects affirming, chat be lapled very karte Tleſtward, with a quarter ofthe Hanh, on che 
Ruth sk Terra de Labrador, the eleuenth of June, vntill he came to the Septentrionall latte 
tune of 67, ¢ a halle degrees, and finding the Seas Fill open, ſaid, that be might, and would haue 


gone to Cataia, if the mutinie of the Satter and Mariners had not bene. 


as theſe mens experience hath pꝛoued ſome part ofthis palace : fo the chapter following 
salar pou in full allirance of the reſt, by their experiences which haue paſled though cuerp 
part hereof, 


To prooue by circumſtance that the Northweft paſſage 
ath bene failed throughout. 


Cap. 4. 


fird,to proue — opinion of the Northwick paſlage: pou Chall finde the fame affirmed moe plaine⸗ 
Ip in fe, bythe excellent Geo 

4 eter —— 1— that place retital of certaine Indians that 
were like wiſe dꝛiuen the orth Seas from India, vpon the coaſtes of Germanie, by 


her Dominicus Marius Niger, who ſheweth howe mas rag.s 90, 


i great tempeſt, as they were ſapling in trade ol merchandise, 
Ter 55 3 1 ——— Barbaroſſa Emperdur, Anno Do. i 1 60. chere came certaine l 
r b. cof that thet Indians vponthe coaſt of Germanic. de Goma 
iii 6" Liketwife Ochon , Ache nee che Gothes affirmerh , chat in che time of the Germane Fanz. 
Cmperourg , there were allo certaine me of weather, vpou che cont of 1. Ap. 10. 


im⸗ 
a( where het oe 


iui aia’ Sa BUSA: ii. LN OTRO RTH 
603 The voyages and diſcoueries A orthweft paffage, 


far countrep, which kozeſaid Indians could not poſſihly haue come by the Soutteat, Som, 
welt, nop from any part of Affrtke oz America, nm pet by the Mopeheattscheretone they cameos ne. 
cellicic by this our Noxhweſt pallage, : 


To prooue that theſe Indians aforenamed, came not by the tte 
Southeaſt, Southweſt, nor from any other part of Affrike, pegrees,bp an ar 

or America. e 1109 fuch as t 

3 1 U iy uw 


Cap. 5. 


Irſt, they could not come from the Southeatt by Cape de buona Speranca, be. 

cauſe the rouglneſſe of the Seas there is ſuch (otcaſioned by the currants and 

great winds in that part) chatthe greatelt Armadoes the king of Poztingal hath, 

cannot witbout great difficultie pale that wap, much lelle then a Canoa of yn: 

dia could line in thole outragious ſeas without ſhipwacke (being a vellell but of 

very ſmall burden) and haue conducted themlelues to the place aldzelapd, beyng 
men vnexpert in the Arte of nauigation. 

2 Allo, it appeareth plainly that they were not able to come from alongſt the coat of Atiike 
aforefaid, to thafe partes of Europe, becauſe the windes doe (forthe moſt part) blow there Ca: 
ſter lie olllrom the Moye, and the currant running that wap in like fox, ſhould haue duuen chem 
Meſtward vpon ſome partof America, for ſuch windes and tides could neuer haue led them from 
thence to the laid place wherethey were found, noꝛ yet could they haue come from any of the coun: 
tries aloꝛelaid, keeping the ſeas al wayes, without fhiltull mariners to haue conducted them (uch 
like courſes as were neceflarie to performe ſuch a voiage. 

3 Meſuppoſing allo, i they had bene driven to the Meik (as they muſt haue bene, comming 
that way) then they ſhould haue periſped, wanting ſupplie of victuals, not hauing any place (once 
leauing the coatt of Alftike) vntill they came to America, no from America, vntill they arrived 
vpon ſome part of Europe oꝛ the Iſlands adioining to it to haue refreſhedthemlelues. 

4 Allo, if (notwithſtanding ſuch impollibilities) they might haue recouered Germanie, by 
comming from India by the Soucheatt, pet mull ehe without all doubt haue riken vpon ſome 
other part of Europe before their arriuall there, as the Giles of Madera, IPoztingall, Spaine, 
France, England, Ireland, xc. which ik they bad done, it is not credible that they thould oz would 
haue departed vndiſcouered of the inhabitants: but there was neuer found in thoſe dayes any ſuch 
ſhip oʒ men, but onely vpon the coaſts of Germanie, where they haue bin ſundꝛy times and in lun 
die ages caſt a land: neither is it like that they would baue cunnnitted themſelues againe to ſta it 

they had fo arriued, not knowing where they were, noz whither to haue gone. 
upp the an⸗ 3 And by the South welt it is vnpoſſible, becaule the currant afopelary which commeth from 
mansconid che Catt, ariketh with uch force vpon the fret ol Magellan, and falleth with ſuch frotfenette ind 
tpeDoupe furie int Mare de Zur, that hardly anp ſhip (but not pollible a Canoa, with ſuch vnſhilkull tes 
weft. riners) can come into our Meſterne Ocean though that fret, from the Ciick ſeas of America as 
Magellans experience hath partly taught vs. N 

6 And further, to pꝛooue that theſe people fo arriuing vpon the toaſt of Germanie, were Indi 

ang, aid not inhabiters of any part either of Affrica op America it is manifelt, becauſe the natines 
Char the In both of Africa and America neither bad, oz haue at this day (as is reported) other kind of boates 
notbenarives chen firch as da beare neither malten no} ſailes, (except onelp vpon the coatts of Barbarie and the 
ca obo ies Turkes Chips) but do cariechemfelues from place to place nerte the hohe by the dye nely. 


To prooue that thofe Indians came not by the Northeaft, and 
that there is no thorow Nauigable paſſage that way. 


Cap. 6. 


C is likely that there ſbould be no choꝛow pallage by che Noꝛthealt, whereby to 

goe round about the world, berauſe all Sens (as afopefapd) are maintained bp 

the abundance of water, waxing moe hallow and thelffie towards the ende, ag 

we lind, it doeth bp erperience,in Mare Glacialfrowards the Gaff, which byerdeth 

final hope of any great continuance of that ſea to be nauigable towards the Call, 

ſullicient to Caile cherchy round about the mold, a 
2 


— 
vest paffage 
Se — 
Doutheatt, Wouth⸗ 
Ne they tame ol nes 


not by the 


ona Speranca, be. 
bebe currants and 
ol Poxeingral bath, 
en a Canoa of In: 
eing a vellell but of 
e afopeſayd, beyng 
he coatt of Atfrike 
t) blow there Ez 
haue driven them 
haue led them from 
many of the coun: 
nducted them furl 


ue bene, comming 
ing any place (once 
vntill thep arriued 
felues, 

red Germanie, by 
triken vpon fome 
tingall, Spaine, 
ey fhould oz would 
oſe dayes any ſuch 
y times and in fine 
es againe to ſea it 


h commeth from. 
uch lwiftnelſe and 
b vnſkilfull ma: 
ag of America, as 


| mie, were Indi 
ecauſe the natines 
her kind of boates 
Bar barie and the 
ode onelp. 


heaſt, and 


eatt, whereby to 
e maintained by 
ds the ende, as 
ic, which bnerdeth 
owards the Cat, 


2 Alſo 


604. 
ſcarcely with reaſon that the Indians welling under Torrida Zona, could. 


pen otha. an — 1 * ae of anes 171 at lo g 
eeuation, the e by the N cammot bee (as experience had ok all the Souch wren she 
10 0 ſeeing that Come of the inhabitants ofthis cold climate (whoſe Sommer is 
to cyem an extreme CEltuter) haue bene lroken to death, wuththe cold damps of theatre, about 72 N 


partes ol it ſbewerh 


degrees by an actidentail mithap, and pet the aire in ſuch like Eleuatun is altwapes cold, and tuo 
goin lin ſuch as the Indians are. J 
3 Furthermore, the piercing cold of the groſſe thicke aire ſo nerre the Pole, will fo Kiffin end 
furre the faites and ſhip cackling that no mariner can either hoile oꝛ Mrike them (as our experience 
are neerer the South then this pallage is pꝛeſuppoled to bee, hath taught vs) without the ble 
no voiage can be perfopmed, Hie ees) 29 
4 Allo the aire is fo darkened with continual miſtes and logs ſo neere che Pole, that na man 
ean well ſee, either to guide his ſhip. o Direct his courſe. 10 
j Allo the tompalſe at (uch eleuation doeth very ſundenly varie, which things mutt of force 
hut bene their deltructions, although they had bene men of much more Thill then the Indi⸗ 


are. 
6 Mopeouer, all Bales, Gulfes and Riuers doe reteiue their increaſe vpon the loud, ſenliblie simitiom imits 
tobe diſcerned on the one five of the ſhoge oz the other, as manp wayes as they be open to auy main 


Des, as Mare Mediterraneum, Mare Rubrum, Sinus Perſicus, Sinus Bodicus, Thameſis, a all 
aher knowen hauens oz rivers in any part of the woꝛld, and each of them opening but on one part 
tothe mahre ſea, doe like wiſe rereiue their eucreaſe vponthe floudthe fame wap, and none other, 
which Mare Glaciale poeth,onelp by the Tek (as M. Jenkinſon affirmed vnto me) and therfoze 
allo weth t hat this Montheaſt fea, rectiuing increaſe but onelp From the Meſt, cannot polliblie 
pen to the maine Ocean by the Eaſt. 

Popeouer, the farther pou paſſe into any ſea towards the end of it, on that part which is hue 
phon the maine Dea (as in all thoſe abonemencionen) the leſſe and leſſe the tives rife and fall, 
r in Mare Glaciale, which pꝛooueth but ſmall continuance of that: 
ea toward 

8 Alla, the kurther pe goe toward the Eat in Mare Glaciale, the leſſe fale the water is: which 


tundd not happen, if it were open to the fale Mea towards the Eat, as it is to the et onelp, Lee: auiequid or. 
(Euery thing naturally ingendereth his like) and then muſt it bee like ſaltthꝛougbout, as all n cn 


de lens att, in ſuch like climate aud eleuation 


0 pictur. 
And therefoꝛe it feemeth that this ovheatt fea is maintained by che riuer Ob, and {uch like ome smite 
fefibets as Mare Ponticum, ind Mare Mediterraneum, in the vppermolt parts thereof bp the ris gigni: di ime. 


wt Nilus, Danubius, Neper, Tanais, &cc. 

9 Futthermoꝛe, ik there were any ſuch Sea at that eleuation, oł like it ſhould be alwapes fro⸗ 
ſenttaouglout (chere being uo tides to hinder it) becaufe the extreme coldneſſe of the aire in the 
bppermoff part, andthe extteme coldneſſe of the earth in the bottome, the {ca there being but of 
(mall depth, wherebythe one actidentall coldneſſe doeth meet with the other, and the Sunne not 
hesing bis reflection fo neere the Pole, but at verp blunt angles, it can neuer bee diflolued after 
Gis kroſen, not wit hſtanding the great length of their day: for that the fume bath no beate at all 
inbis light oꝛ beames, but proceeding ontly by an accidental reflection, which there wantethin 


10 Am yet iłthe Mumme were of ſuflicient force in that eleuation. to pꝛeuaile againtt this ite, 

pet muſt it be booken belqhe it can be dilſolued, which cannot bee but thnoughthe long continuance 
ofthe ſunne aboue their Horizon, and by that time the Sommer would be fo farre ſpent, and fo 
1 told enſue, chat no man could be able to endurt fo cold, barke, and diſtomſozta⸗ 

a nauigation, if it were poflible tu himthen, and there to liue. 

11 Further, the Ite being once hhoken, it muſt of force fo dyue with the windes and tides, 
Chee no ſhippe can ſaile in thole (cas, ſeeing our Fithers of Illand, andthe New found land, are ſub⸗ 
irt ta danger thꝛaugh the great lands of Ice which lleete in the Seas (to the ſailers great Dawe 
ger) farre to the South of that ꝑeſuppoſed paſſage. 

12 And tt taumot be that this Noꝛtheaſt palſage Mould bee any neerer the South, then before 
rerived, for then it could cut of Ciremiſſi, and Turbi, Tartarij, with Vzefucani,Chifani,andothers 
from the Continent of A ſia, which are kuowento be adioining to Meythia, Tartaria, qt. with the 
ether part ol the lame Continent, 8 ' 

Amit there were any choot pallage by che Noxhealt, pet were it to final ende and 
purpote fo our traffique, becauſe no thippe of great burden sae“ ae a Deas 
2. and 


— — — — 34 
6% he voyages and diſcoueries Mort heft paſſage. 


nd Ships of fall burdẽ᷑ are very vnli and vnp o table, eſpeciallp towards the bluſtrring 8 
— — ; : 8 n. 


To prooue that the Indians aforenamed, came onely by the 
Northweft, which induceth a certaintie of our paffage 


by experience, 


Cap. 7. 


Tis as likely thatthep came bp the Noꝛthweſt, as it is bnlikelp that thepGoxtp 
come either by the SHourheatt,@ outltwett, Morcheatt, 02 from any 2 of 
Africa op America, and therefore this Moꝛthweſt paſſage hauing bene alreadie 
ſo many tapes prooued,bp diſmoouing of the others, ec. I (hall che leſſe nerd in 
this place, to vſe many woꝛdes otherwile then to conclude in this fort, That they 
0 came onely by the Northweſt from England, hauing theſe many reafong to 
lead mꝛthereunto. 

1 Fuſt, the one halfe of the windes of the compalſe might boing them by the Noꝛthwweſt, vew 
ring alwapes betweene two ſheats, with which kinde of fapling the Indians are onely acquains 
ted, not having any vſe of a bowe line, o quarter winde, without the which no ſhippe can polſbly 
tome either bp the Bouthealt, Southwell oꝛ Nontheaſt, hauing fo many ſund)y Capes todouble, 
whereunto are required ſuch change and ſhiſt of windes. 

Inn,, both io , 2. And it ſeemeth likely that thep could come bp the Mopehwwelt, betauſe the coatt thereon 
ventisoblique they were dꝛiuen, lay Catt from this our paſſage, And all windes doe naturally driue a thip to 
Ir als an oppoſite point from whence it bloweth, not being otherwile guided by Atte, which the In⸗ 
dumerogi- dias do veterly want, and therefoze it ſeemeththat thepcame direttly though this our fret, which 
bu, they might doe with one wind. 

3 Fo it they had come by Cape de buona Speranęa, then mutt they (as afozefaid) haue fallen 
vponthe South partes of America. 

4 a il rs the fret of Magellan, then bpon the coatts of Affrike, Spaine,Woptingall, France, 
bor Eugland. | 

5 And it by che Mopthea, then vpon the coatts of Ceremiffi, Tartarij, Lappia, Iſland, Terra 
de Labrador, cc. anv vpon theſe coaſts (as afopefaid) they haue neuer bene found, 

oo that by alllikelibood they ould neuer haue come without ſhipwꝛacke vpon the coattes of 
Germanie, ik they had fir triken vpon the coaſtes of fo many countries, wanting both Arte and 
ſhipping to make oꝛderly diſtouerie, and altogether ignoꝛaunt both in the Arte of Nauigation, um 
Priel ceo one lats, Dands o; Hauens of thole parts of the woꝛld, which in molt of ehele pla 
tes are plentifull. 

6 And further it ſeemeth very likely, that the inhabitaunts of the moſt part of thoſe countries, 
by whichthey mutt haue come any other way beſides by the Noꝛthwelt, being fen the molt part 
Anthropophagi, q men eaters, would haue deuoured them ſlaine them, oz (at the leaſt wile) hepe 
them as wonders fo; the gaze. 

So chat it plainly appeareth that thoſe Indians (which as vou haue heard in fundyle ages 
th dʒiuen by tempeſt vpon the thore of Germanie) came onely through our Pophwett pal 

age. : ö 

7 MPoreouer, the patlage is certainely prooued by a auigat ion chat a Portingall made, whe 
paſlen tiyough this fret, giuing name to a Pomoncopie farre within the Came, calling it aſter his 
owne name, Promontorium Corterialis, neere adioining vnto Poliſacus fluuius. f 

8 Alſo one Scolmus a Dane, entred and paſſed a great part thereof. 

9 Allo there was one Salua Terra, a Gentleman of Victoria in Dypaine, that came by chance 
dut ok the eit Jndias, into Ireland, Anno 15 6 8, who affirmedthe NRoꝛchweſt paſſage from 
vs to Cataia, conſtautly to be beleeued in America nauigable. And further fain in the pretence of 
fit Henry Sidney (then toy Deputie ol Ireland) in my hearing, that a Frier of Mexito, called 
Andro Vrdaneta, moge then eight peeres before his then comming into Ireland, tolde him thert, 
that be came frd Mare del Sur into Germanie thyough this Moreh welt palſage, and ſhewed Salus 
Terra (at that time being then with bim in Mexito) a Dea Card made by bis owe experience 25 aſſuraunce 
and traue ll in that voiage, wherein was plainly (et do ume and deſtribed this North well paſlagt, indged by tt 
agreeing m all points with Ortelius mappe. a. Sen. 


H paffage. 
uttering Png, 


y by the 
e 


p chat they fouty 
inp other part of 
g bene alveavie 
l che leſſe need in 
is fopt, That they 
nanp reaſons to 


Nofthweſt, ber 
e onely acquains 
ippe can pollibly 
Capes to double, 


e coaſt whereon 


driue a fhip to 
te, which the Tne 
is our fret, which 


laid) haue fallen 


i gall, f vance, 


ia, Ifland, Terra 


Nauigation, am 
mot of chet pla 
kthoſe countries, 
m the molt part 
leaſt wife) kept 


in ſundiis ages 
Honth tei pale 


gall made, who 
alling it aſter bis 


came by chance 
pelt paſſage from 
the pretence of 
fqperico, called 
tolde him thert, 
and ſhewed Salua 
pinne experience 
uch well pallage, 


And 


Northwe/t paſſage. ol the tnglifh nation- 


606 


Quo further, this Frier tolde the king of Poptingall (as hee returned hy that countrey home: 8 
ard) that chere was (of certaintic) ſuch a palſage io weſtftum England, andthat he met 
Erdl che tre which done, che king moſt earneſtly defired him not in anp wiſe to dé{clofe of e of 
make the pallage knowen to any nation: For that (fapdethe king) if Bugland had knowledge Poringalt to 
and experience thereof, it would greatly hinderboth the king of Spayneandme. Chis Frier — td 
(ag Salua Terra 3 wag the greateſt Diſcouerer by ſea, that bath bene in our age. Alſa gal- coucping tye 
ua Tetra, being pertwadedolthis pallage by the frier Vrdaneta, and hy the common opinion ofthe uhu aaub⸗ 
Spaniardsinhabiting America, offered mo willingly to accompanie me in chis Diſcouerie. wert Palace 
which of like he would not haue done if he had ood in doubt therevk. N SSR 
aum nom as theſe moderne experiences cannot be impugned, ſo, leaſt it might de obiected that 
thete chiners ( gathered out ol ancient miters, which wpote fo many yteres paſt) might ſerue little an obiection, 
wo ue this paſlage by the Porth of America, beraule both America and Andia were co them 
then vtterly vikno wen: to remooue this doubt, let this ſuffiſe: That Ariſtotle, (whe was 300. Ae ede 
perres beſoꝛe Cipitt) named Mare Iudicum. Alſo Beroſus (who lined 3 30. yeeres before CAPM) mundo, Sp. . 
path hele wozdes, Ganges in India. Alſa in the ſirſt chapter of etter bee tbeſe wopdes, In the Beroun l f 
dayes of Aſſuerus which ruled from India to Aethiopia, which Aſſuerus liuen 3 80. yeeres before 
Allo Quintus Curtius (where hee ſpeaketh of the Conqueſts of Alexander) mentioricch : 

India. Alſo, Arianus Philoſtratus, and Sidrach in his diſcourſes of the warres of the king of Ba- 
dia and of Garaab, who had the moſt part of India vnder his gouernment. Al which allureth vs 
that both Andia and Indians were knowen in thoſe dayes. pork 
Cbpele things conſidered, we map (in my opinion) not onely aſlure our ſelues of this paſſage 
bp the Noꝛthweſt, but allo that it is nauigable both to come and goe, as hath bene pꝛoouen in part 
id in all by the experience of diuer s, as Sebaſtian Cabota, Corterialis, the thꝛee brethren aboue 
umed the Indians, and Vrdancta the Frier of Mexico, ct. ' 

Aan pet notwithſtan ding all which, there be ſome that houe a better hope of this paſſage to Ca: 
ik eee then by the CMeſt, whofe reaſons with my ſeuerall anſweres enſue in the 


0 


Certaine reaſons alleaged for the proouing of a paſſage by che 
Northeaſt, before the Queenes Maieſtie, ahd certaine Lordes of the 
Counſell, by Maſter Anthonte Ienkinfon, with my ſeue - 
rall anſweres then vied to the fame. 


Cap. 8. 


Ecauſe pou map vnderſtand as well chole things alleagev again mee, as that 
Pal doth ſerue fo: my purpole, I haue here added the reafons of . Anthonie Tenki» 


E 


Eon awoothie gentlemau, aud a great traueller, who concemed a better hope of 

ce pallage to Cataia from vs to be bp the Noꝛtheaſt . then by the Roꝛthweſt. 
4 IJ. be ict lain chat hertboughencttothe contrary, but that there duns A pallage eye gen- 
bpthe Muth welt, accopding to mine opinid: but aſſured he was that there might pone 


age 
befound a Nauigable patlage by che Moztheatt from England, to gue to all the Eat parts of the 
hand, which he eudeuoured to proouc three wapes. 

The fick was that he heard a Fitherman of Tartaria fap in hunting the Morce, that he failed 2 rt reas 
10 a e the Sautheaſt, finding no ende ofthe Sea: whereby he hoped a tho pal · 

to wap. 

hereunto F anſwered that the Tartarian s were a barbarous people, and vtterly ignopant in AR og 
terte of Naulgation, not dum wing the ble or the Sea Carde, Compalle op Starre, which hee un. 
tanlelled true: and therloꝛethey could not (faid J) certainly know the Southeaſt from the Noꝛth⸗ 
tilt in a wide ſea and a place vnkuowen from the fight of the land. 

Oz ik he failed any thing neere the hore, vet hee (being ignoꝛant) nugbt bee decetued by the 
poner hg Many points and Capes, and by the trending of the land, albeit he kept continually 


And further, it might be that the poore Fiſherman through ſumplititie, thought that there mas 
waching chat way but Sea, becaule hee ſawe no land? which proofe (under coprection) giueth via nonnun. 
mull alſuraunte of a Mauigable Sea bythe Noytheaſt, to goe tounde about the wonld, For that do che 
. by che eye onely, ſeeing wer a this our cleare appre doe account twentie miles a den 


Iii. 3. is 


i NT em. —— . . een — ee 
607 he voyages and diſcoueries NMortſweſt paſcge. 


Che tecond 
reafon vg als 
legation, 


— 


Vis ſecond reafon ts, that there was an Untcoꝛnes home found vpon the coaſt of Carcaris 
which could not come (land he) thithet by any other meanes then with the tides though fome fret 
in che Ronen of Mare Glaciale,there being no Unicozne in any part ok Alia, fauing in Judit 
and Cataia, which reafon (in my ſimple iudgement) foꝛceth as litle, 

Tirtt it is doubttull whether hole barbarous Tartarians do know an Uniconnes borne, yet, 
M no: and itit were one, pet it is not credible that the Sea could haue dꝛiuen it fo fire, beyng of 
ſuch nature that it will not ſwimme. 

Allo the tives running too ¢ fro, would haue Driven it as karre backe with the ebbe as it brougty 
it fopward with the floud, 

There is alfo a beat called Aſinus Indicus ( whoſe hone moſt like it was) which hath but one 
bozne like an Wnicome in his forehead, thereof there is great plentie in all the Month parts ther 
unto pn in Lappia, Noruegia, Finmarke, &c. as lacobus Zeiglerus Mittth in bis bitte. 
tie of Scondia. a 

And as Albertus ſaieth, there is a fit which hath but one home in his forehead like to an Unie 
come, and therefope it feemeth very doubtfull both from whence it came, and whether it were an 
Gnicomes home. pea. op no. 2 

is third and laſt reafon was, that there came a continuall ſtreame op currant, though Mare 


Che third and 
alteren. n Glaciale,of ſuch {eoiftnette (as a Colmax told him) that if pou taſt anp thing therein it would pye⸗ 


ſently be caried out of fight towards the Tell. 


Cheantweroy Uhereunto J auſwered that there doth the llte from Mzotis Palus, by Pontus Euxinus, di- 


nus Boſphorus, ànd along the coattof Græcia, & c. As it is affirmed by Contarenus, and diners o 
there that haue had experience of the ſame: and yet that Sea lieth not open to any maine Dea the 
ap, but is maintained by freſchets as by Tanais, Danubius, &c. 

an 1 maner is this currant in Mare Glac iale increaſed and maintained bythe Dwina che rl 
uer Ob, dc. 

Now as J haue here briefly recited the reaſons alleaged, to pꝛooue a paſſageto Cataia hp the 
Noßtheaſt, with my ſeuerall anſweres thereunto: ſo will I leaue it to pour iudgement to hope 
oz diſpaire of either at pour pleaſure. 


How that the paſſage by the Northweſt is more commodious 
for our traffique, then the other by the Eaſt, if there 
were any ſuch. 


~ Cap. 9. 


Tilt, by the Noꝛtheaſt (if pour windes doe not giue pou a matuelous ſpetdit an 
luckie paſlage ) pou are in danger (being foneere the Pole) to bee benighted ab 
e \i molt che one half ofthe yeere and what danger that were, ro line fo long comfy: 
leite, void of lighe, (ifthe cold killed pou not) each man of reafon oz under ⸗ 
dong map indge. 
2 Alſo Mangia, Quinz ai, and the Molluccæ ate neerrr bnto vs by the ov 
wet chen bythe Northealt, muze then two fiue parts, which is almoſt by the halfe. 

3 Allo we may haue by the Welk a yeerely teturne, it being at all times nauigable, wöerent 
pow haue but 4, moneths in the whole peere to goe by che Noſcheaſt: the paſſage being at ſuche 
leuation as it is co merlp expꝛeſſed for it cannot be any neerer the Houth. 

4 Furthermoye,it cannot be ſiniſhed without diuers win: ings by che way, hauing no hauens 
in any temperate climate to harbour in there: fo it is as much as wee can well ſaile from hence 
to S. Nicholas, in the trade of oſcouia, and returne in the nauigable ſeaſdn of the peere,and from 
&, Nicholas to Cerimiſſi Tartarij, which ſtandeth at 80. degrees of the Septentrional latitude, ft 
is at the leſt 400. leagues, which amounteth ſcarce to the chiro part of the wap, to the ende of pout 
voiage by the Noftheaſt. 

5 And pet aſter pou haue doubled this Cape, il chen chere might be found a nauigable Wes to 
tarie pou Southeaſt accoꝛding to pour deſire, pet can you not winter conuenientlp, vntil pou come 
to 60. degrees and to take bp one degree running Doutheaſt, you muſt ſaile 24. leagues and ther 
foure partes, which amounteth to 495. leagues. 

6 Furthermore, vou may bythe Noth weſt ſaile thither with all Eaſterlie windeg, and to 
turne with any Wietterlp windes, whereas you muſt haue by the Nontheaſt ſundie windet, 
andthoſe proper, accopding to the lying of the coaſt and Capes, pou {hall ber mfopred to — 


ef palfage, 
coaſt of Cartaris 
throu (ont fet 
, ſauing in Judit 


cones bonne, * 
t lo fare, n 


ebe as it bpougty 
which hath but one 
Mort 


whether it were an 


nt, though Mare 
erein it would pres 


ntus Euxinus, Si. 
renus and Diners os 
p maine Dea that 
ythe Dina che rts 


eto Cataia hy the 
idgement to hape 


nmodious 


bee benighted ab 
tai 


afon oz vnderſtan⸗ 


to vs bythe Woh 
lfe 


uigable, when 
nore being at Caches 


hauing no hauen 
ll ſaile from hente 
the pere, and from 
trional latitude, it 
to the ende of pout 


auigable Wes to 
lp, vntil pou cone 
leagues and cher 


e windes, and te 
ae 
ved to 0 
which 


Northwest paſſage. of the Engliſn nation. 608 


windet are not altwapes to be had, when they are laoked fop : whereby your tourney Mould 
be greatly prolonged, and hardly endured fo neereebe Pale. As we are taught by ir Hugh Ml 
who twas frosento death larre neerer the South, * ‘2 
7 it is very doubsful!, whether we ſbould long inioy that trade bp the Nonthealt, tf 
chert were any ſuch pallage that wap, the commodities thereof once knowne to the Mulcouite, 
phat miuilege loeuer he ath granted, fecing pollice with the maze of exceſſiue caine, 1 eg 
uching (Co greatly) of bintfeltc and all his Dominions, would perſuade him to prefime the fame, 
parting lo great opportunitie, to beter the commodities ofthoſe countriesbp the Naruc,  ’ 
But by the Noythweſt, we may ſafelptrade without danger, oz anuopance of any prince ving’, 
Chpiftian oy Heathen it being out ol all their trades. ns 0 
8 Qilorhe Queenes Watetties dominions are neerer the Nonthweſt pallage then any other 
princes that might paſle that way, and both in theyꝛ going and teturne, thep mutt or necel 
op — themlelues and they ſlippes vpon fome part of the lame, if any tempeſtuous weather 


en. : 
xg me princes nauie of the world, is able to in counter the Queenes Maieſties nauic, as it 
igatchis prefent sand pet it Mould be greatly increaſed by the traffike inſuing vpon this diltoue⸗ 
ty, fon i is the long vopages that increaſe and maintaine great ſbipping. 
owie ſeemeth necellarie, to declare what commodit ies would growe thereby, ik all chefe 
things were, as we haue heerctofoze ppeſuppoled, and thouglt them to be: which next adioyning 
tre hielly declared. 


What commodities would enſue, this paſſage once 
diſcouered. 


Chap. 10. 


Irtt, it were the onelp wap for our princes, to poſſeſſe the wealth of all the 
Eat parts (as they terme them) of che world, whichis infinite : as appeas 
li teth by the experience of Alexander the great, in thetime of his conqueſt of 
g India, and other the Catt partes of the woꝛld, alleged by Quintus Curtius, 
7 *. ea which would be a great aduancement to our countrep, woonderkull mrt: 
fe N ching to our ple, and vnfpeakable commodities to all the mbabitants of 
— 5 — urope. 

2 fn ſhoztneſſe of the vopage, we ſhould be able to (eli all maner of merchandise, 
hyougbt froni thence, farre better cheape chen either the Boztingall oꝛ Spanyard doth oz map doe. 
Aud further, ſhare with the Pontingall inthe Caf, and the Spanpard in the Neſt, bytrading to 
anp part of America, tho] Mare del Sur, wherethey can no maner of way offend vs. 

3 Allo we ſayle to diners maruellous rich countrpes, both ciuill and others, out of boththeyꝛ 
{urifdictions, trades and traffikes, where there is to be found great abundance of golde, fuer, pree 
cous tones, cloth of golde, Hikes, all maner ofſpices, grocery maren, and other kindes of mer: 
chandise of an ineſlimable price, which both the Bpanpard and Pogztingall, hough the lengthol 
them iournies, can not well attaine vnto. 

4 Alſo we might inbabite ſome part of thofe countrpes, and ſettle there ſuch needie people of 
tur countrep, wbich no wtrouble the common wealth, and though want heere at home, are info 
cedto commit outragious offences, whereby they are dayly tonſumed with the gallowes. 

5 Pozeouer, we might from all the afozelai places haue a peerely returne, inhabiting ſoꝛ our 
Raple fome tconuen ient place of America, about Sierra Neuada, q ſume other part, whereas it (hall 
ſeeme bett for the ſboꝛtningol the vopage. N 

6 Belide vetering of our countrie commodities, which the Indians, &c. much elteeme: as 
appeareth in Hefter, where th pode is expzelſed of the great king of India, Affuerus, who mats 
chen the coloured clothes, where with his houſes and tents were apparelied, with golde and filuer, 
part of his greateſt treafure : not mentioning either veluets, filkes, cloth of golde, cloth of fil» 
uur, oz ſuih like, being in thole countryes moft plentifull: whereby it plainelp appeareth in what 
great eſtimation they would haue the clothes ofthis our countrep, fo that there would be found a 
erte better vent lo them bp this meanes, then pet this realme euer had: and that without depen: 
ro wae 1 1 France, Spapne, Flanders, Poptingall, Wambozow, Emden, op any other 

7 Allo 


Gog he voyages and diſcoueries. North me ff paffage, 


Ibis diſcoue ; 
— 

This diſcoue⸗ 
ty aitempted. 


is diſcone⸗ 
ty perlomed. 


ned by os 
mens trae 
nell. 


p kings 
and 


— — 


= 1 Nr Y r prema care os ae 
N 2 Allo, beere ure Shall ncreale hoth our thippes and mariners , without burthening of the 


8’ And aldd baue occation co fee pooh mens. chilnyen to lerne herby 
male triſles and (uch like, which eh . ermertemetee 
a ue our country combyed wich loiterers, bagabonds, and fury 
Ailehele commodities would grow by following tbis our diſtouery, without iniury done to an 
5 1 » 
scoala heer up of they b&ederades, wherebythey mighe take aux int 

bus haue J bziefly ewer you ſome part ofthe of mine opinion, truſlin 
a pant . 2828 2 1 soe cine 
een abl bp mographers of our age,the fame being confirmen, 


Allo this vifcouery, hach beene diuets times heretofore by others, both offered, attempted ays 


perfopned. 
Ithath beene offered by Stephan Gomes vnto Carolus the lift E ö 
rake RA Mite cle oe 
m ſoꝛth in it (as the toꝛꝝ mention e want ol mone i 
Wage to ureter ane, ree v. bp reafonot bis lung erte 
no gok Boꝛtingall, fearing Emperour would haue perſeuered in this his en. 
eit, anche ge get Fg bal ur he huneaset sscoco aunts 0 
0 9 u aue giuen tot 
e neee aaa giuen to the Emperour fuch lunes of 
t hath beene attempted bp Corterialist ingall, Scol 8 
abou inshecimcotteng Penn the Ceuenth Wan, See matze Das, tna bp chain 
N performed bp the thꝛee byethxen, the Indians afozelald, and by Vrdanerathe 
e e 
Alfontuers haue offered che like vnto che French king , wbo bath ſent two 
haue difcoueredebe lame: Che difcoucrers, (pending goed eer — — 
ses ans and bayes betweene Florida and Terra de Labrador, whereby the ile is Spoken to the 


commers, 
So that the right way may now ealilp be found out in (hort time: and i i 
er txpentes. ‘ : Wer ian minh 

Foz America is diſcouered fo farre towards the Noth, as Cape Fredo, which is at 62 de 
¢ labour of greg, and that patt of Grondland next adiopning; is — but at 72 vearees. 0 


that we haue but 10 degrees tofaile Hoth and Douth, to put che wepld out of voubt beereof: and 
it is likely that the hing of Spaine, and the king of Poꝛtingall — not haue aie this 
while, but that they are ſure to poſleſſe to themſeluex, all that trade they nom bie, and feare te 
deale in this difcouric, leatt the Queenes Haieltic, bauing fo good oppoxunitte, and finding the 
commonitie which thereby might enſue to the common wealth, would tut them off, and enioy 
the whole cratfique to her (elfe, andthereby the Bpanyardes and WPontingalles; with they) areat 
charges, ſhould beate the buthe , and other men catch the birds: which thing they fopeteeing, 
haue cummanded, that no pilot of theyꝛs, vpon paine of death, ſhoulde ſeeke to di to he 
Both welt, on plat out in aup Ses card any thou paſſage chat wap bytbe Nonthweſt. 
Naum, and if you will indifferently compare the hope that remapneth, to animate me to this en: 
cerppite, withthole Itkeliboodes which Columbus alleged befoye Ferdinando the king of Caftilia, 
%%% hei tes al oui ree hed conto macied 
1 comm paine woꝛldꝛ pou will the uthis Roꝛthwel 
ee eee 
n Columbus had none Alland onto bim, either in globe op card, nei: 
ther pet once mentioned of any witer eee eee 
ee, Cl in nl bes uten few 
oeouct, Colum d nei e Americano} an other of the Illands about 
it, neither vnderſlood he of them, by the report ok any other that had ſeene them, but onely comfoy 
ted humſelfe with this hope. that the land had a beginning where the Den had an ending: fon af 
pe: X yams bee * ola ee ſbould haue taught him the 
5 to be ima of them, to demiue Columbus of being none 
of they countrep man, but a ſtranger bone, 9 a 
a And 


Xyrtim 5 


And if it were 


as Dhaucbeene 
And therein 
make the degree 
And haue alſo 
fecc knowing o 
And aprecife 
ofanp diſcouerp 
papesthen one 
Deluing vo 
weft enterpꝛiſe: 
the lame remai 
quo hereon 
isnot woorthie 
andhis owne h 
ine inchs bebat 


fount invefpe 
bs, Our neig 
butobs, fo) lib 


Southeakerii 


lie acquainted. 
of all men, ant 
ſpoken of, bette 


r. 

Che ſeconde 
South concins 
doe reade of, | 
doubt the Sp 
there, could th 
therewith they 


est Paffage, 


purthening ofthe 


er and thereby 
1 
sabonds, and fur 


tniuty done to an 
ighe take anp ing 


crutting that 
bape otis op 
being confirmed, 


ed, attempted and 


n the peere of our 
bo would haue fre 
bis long warres 


red in this his ens 
wnes : andit is to 
ir ſuchſummes of 


and by Sebaftian 
dby Vrdanetathe 


e, and linding the 
em off, and enioy 
ep ceri 
to diſcouer to the 
thief, 

nate me to this en: 
p hing of Caftilia, 
and others Difco: 
ni this Rothen 


obe op card, nei 
thelame ) lrom 


Northwe/t paſſage. ot the tingliſn nation. 


and if it were true of the Biſcane, pet did hee but roue at the matter, oz (at the leaſt) gathered 
theo wledge of it, by coniectures onelp. ee 

And albeit, my ſelfe haue nat ſeene this palſage, of any part thereof, but am ignorant of it as 
unching (as Columbus was before bis attempt made) pet haue J boch the report, ree 
(ation, and authonitie of diuert mot credible men, which haue both ſeene and paſſedthꝛougb fome 
Eben patt of this diſcouerie, belives ſundip reaſons for mp alſurante thereof all which Cos 
lumbus wanted. 

Chelechings conſidered, y indifferently weigbed together, with the woon derfull commonities 
which this diſcouerie may bing, elpeciallytothis realme of Eng land: J muſt needes conclude 
nich learned Baptiſta Ramufius, and diuers other learned men, who (aid, that this diſtoutrie bach 
deme referued for ſome noble prince op woojthie man, thereby to make himfelfe rich, and the world 
happics deſirin g pou to accept in good part this bucfe and imple dilcourſe, witten in halte, weich 
U Amap perceiue chat it Chall not ſuffitientip ſatiſtie you in this be halle, I will then impart vnto 
nun large diſcourſe, which J haue wpitten onely of this difcoucrp, 

Aud further, becauſe it lufficech not, onely to know that ſuch a thing there is, without abilitie to 

the fame, J will at leaſure make vou partaker of another ſumple diſtourſe ofnauigation, 
wherein J haue not a litt le trauelled, ta make mp Celfe as ſufficient to hing theſe things to effert, 
as Ahauebeene readie to offer my felfe therein. 

iind therein J haue deuiled to amend the errors ol vſuall {ea cards, whole common klault is, ta 
make the degrees of longitude in euery latitude ok one like bignelſe. 

And haue alſo deuiſed therin a Spherical inſtrument, with a compaſſe of variation forthe pers 
ſect knowing of the longitude, ; 

Anda pꝛeciſe opderto pricke the ſea card together, with certaine infallible rules for che ſborning 
ofanp diſcouerp, to kuow at the fir entring of anp fret, whether it lie open to the Oceau moe 
papesthen one, how farte ſoeuer the {ea Mretcheth it ſelfe into the land. 

Delring vou heeraſter uer to miflike with me, for the taking in hand ol any laudable and be 
uf enterprite : fop if chꝛough plealure op idleneſſe we purchaſe ſhame, the plealure vaniſheth, ut 


the lhame remaineth loz euer 


610 


Guo thereforeco rue me Leaue without offence, almaye to line and die in this minde, That he 
isnot woorthie to liue at all, that for feare, or danger of death, fhunneth his countrey feruice, n 


andhis owne honour : ſeeing death is ineuitable, and the lame ol vertue immozt all. here 
tne in this bebalfe, Mutare vel timere ſperno. 


Certaine other reafons, or arguments to prooue a pallage by 
the Northweft, learnedly written by M. Richar 
Willes Gentieman, 


BY] Pure famous wapes there be polen of to chote fruiefull and twealthie 2. 
lands, which we do vſuallp call Mollucaes,continuallp haunted fo gaine, and 
El daply trauelled ſq; riches therein growing. Chele Jlandes, although they 
and Cal fromthe Meridian, diſtant almoſt halle the length of the world, in 
„IS Pe txtreame heate, vnder the Equinoctiall line, polſeſled of Inſidelles aud Bare 
batians: pet by our neighbours great abundance of wealth there is painefully 
fourtt in reſpect of the voyage deerelp bought, and from thence dangeroulip thought home vnto 
bg, Dur neighbours J call the Portingallesin conrparifon of the Molucchians i neereneſſe 
buto vs, for like fituation Meſtward as we haue, for them vſuall trade with vs, log chat the fare 


re 


 Moutheatterlinges doe knowe this part of Europe by no other name then Portingall. not greats 


lie acquainted as pet with the other Nations thereof . Chem vopagę is very well wnderitood 
of all men, and the Sontheaſterne way rounde about Affrike hy the cape of Good hope, moje 
te better kuo wen and trauelled, then thas it may ſeeme needlull to dilcourſe chereofanp 
r. } 

Che ſeconde wap lyeth Douthwelf, bet weene the Welt Indie oy South America, aud the 
South continent, though that narrom ſtraight where Magellanus fir of all men that tuer we 
doe reade ok, paſſed chefe latter peeres, leauing chereynto therefore his name. This may no 
doubt the Spanpards woulde commodiouliy take, — ef Sk vnto they; dominions 
there, could the Eaſterne currant and leuant windes as ealilp them to retume, as ſperdũp 
Cerewitl they map be carrped thit her: fopehe which dillirultie, 02 ** 


1. Bp the 


Houtpeat, 4 


* 
Seulgcen. 


29.1. 


k 


. —— — ͥ ——— 
61 The voyages and diſcoueries Morthweft paffage, 


——ñ— —— —— — ͥ — 
againd the foyce boch of winde aud lirt ame, ches pallage is litte oy nothing vled, alebough i be yes 


ry well knowne. 

Che third way by the beyond all Europe and Afia, that woonthy and renowmen 

—— Hugh Willoughbie fougteto bis perill, enforced there to end bis life fop code, con, 

andfroxento death. Aud truely this wap conſiſteth rather in the imagination of Geogry 
phers, chen allowable either in reafon, oz apppooued by experience, as well it may appeare by che 
Dangerous trending of the Socpebilh Cape let by Ortelius vnder the 80 degree Non, by the vn. 
lckeiy failing int bat Not herne (ea al aten clad wich ile ¢ ſnow, on at che leaſt continually peured 
therewith, if bappelx it be at any time diſſolurd : beſides bapen and (letfes, the water waxing moye 
(hallow towards the Eat, chat we fap nothing of the foule miſts and darke fog in the coldeclime 
8 ofthe Suwne to cleare the axe, or che uncomfortable nights, fo nerte the wole, 

mone , 

A fourth way to go into theſe aforefain happy Tlands Molucce, Sp; Humtrey Gilbert alear, 
ned and valiant knight, diſtourſeth of at large in his new paſſage to Cathayo . Che entermiteet 
it elfe being vertuous, thelact mutt doubtleſſe deſerue high pratfe, and whenſoeuer it ſhall be finis 
ſhedche fruits therok can not be ſmall: where vertue is guide. chere is fame a follower and fortune 
a companion. But the wap is dangerous che paſſage doubtfull. the voyage not throughly knohnt, 
and therfore gainſaid by manp, after this maner. 

Furt, who can aſſure vs ot any paſſage rather bythe Not heuſt then by the Morheat’ doe 
not both wapes lye in equall diſtante from the Noꝛth Pole + Mande not the Moth Capes ol ey. 
ther continent onder like eleuation ꝛ Is not the Ocean Sea beponde America larther ditane 
from our Meridiam by thirtie 03 fortie degrees Welt, then the extreame popntes of Cathay 
Eaſrwarde, if Ortelius generall Carde of the wozlde be true. In the Noytheaſt that noble 
night N Hugh Willoughbie periſbed fo; colde : and tan pou then pꝛomiſe a paſſenger any 


N bee eee who hath gone lan triall fake, at any time, this wap out ol Eu- 
i 


rope to 70. 
Of pou feeke the aduiſe heerin of ſuch as make profeflion in Coſmographie, Ptolome the father 
of Geographie, and his eldett children, will by them mappes with a negatiue, conclu · 
ding mot ofthe fea within che land, and making an end of the world Hozthward, ntttethe 63 des 
gree, The ſame opinion, when le chiefly Hopithen, was rereiued in the Romans time , as bp 
Chey) Ports witings it may appeare: Et te colet vltima Thule, ſaid Virgil, being of opinion, 
that Alland was the extreame part of the woꝛld habitable toward the Noꝛth. Ioſeph Moletius an 
Italian, and Mercator a Germane, fo knomledge men able to be compared withthe bet Sto 
pins gel bead i L oe nne the other in ſome efbis 
Welt Indies land, euen to che Noꝛth and conſequentl 

aal patlagzbp fatbat buy. 4 0 ‘ii iat 
The fame doctoꝛs, Mercator in otheroł his globes and mappes, Moletius in his {ea carde,nee 
uerthelelſe doubting of fo great continuance of the foꝛmer continent, haue opened a gulle betwirt 
che delt Indies and the extreame Moꝛztherne land: but ſuch a one that tither is not ta be trauelled 
fon the taules in the firtt obicction alleged. q; tleane txt vp from vs in Europe by Groenland: the 
. — 494 Moletius maketh firme land with America, the Noꝛth part continent with 
Ebledip, the greatent huwurerg ofthis bopage, tan not denp but thar if any ſuch pallige be, k 
lxeth ſubiert vnto ile and lnow fop the molt part ofthe pere oberas it Banveth anche coef theo 
Rie Fone , Before the Sunne hath warmed the ayde, and dillolued the ile, erh one well knoweth 
that chere can be n ſailing: the ile once hoken tlyough the continualt above the Dunne maketha 
tettaine ſtaſon in chole parts: bow Chall it be poſſible fop fo weake a veſſell as a ſhippe is, to holde 
3 reer and at the mouth ol that 
illiting done 5 to whole mountaines of ile and 

. 
grant not to tontmue ton vnto the Pole, be a pal 
ſage berweene theft two lands, let the gulfe lye neerer vs then ee 15 al 
namely, betweene the 61 and 64 degrees North, as Gemma Frifius in his mappes and globes 
it, and fo left by our country man Sebaſtian Cabot in his table which the Earle of Bede 
loꝛd hach at Chetnies : Letthe way be voyde of all difficulties, yet doeth it not follow that tue 
haue free paſlage to Cathayo. $0) examples fake: Dou map trend all Norway, Finmarke, 
and oe apo a chen bow Mouth ward to Waintt Nicholas in Mofcouia : you map like» 
wiſe in che Mediterranean Hes fetch Conſtantinople, and the mouthof Tanais : pet istherens 


by ſuche a nen 

and liluer, no 
laine denving e 
naltie to let in a 


f 
Finally, all 
trauellers mig 
ttey, chat wea 
—— ſot 
es doe ho 
partly taught bs 
vioufly on that | 
tun teturne tha 
iris, then wen 
lollowing after 
other currant fi 
ther it is ol nece 
toule quently tl 
Houth into M. 
hans fret, both ( 
in Don Diego 
ſet downe. 
Neuerthele 
Europe, we h 
Friſius recoꝛde 
Fratrum. & 
Furbiſber (pea 
Dpanith prow 
outof Mar del 
bp his owne e 
tredit 


he colbettime, 
fo nere the pole, 


rey Gilbert alear: 
The enterpuſeel 
tuer it ſhall be finis 
lower, and fortune 
houghly knotwne, 


be Noꝛthealt ꝛ doe 
rica farther diſtant 
putes of Cathayo 
ortheatt that noble 
ile a paſſenger any 
i wap out ol Eu- 


Prolome the father 
negative, conclus 
TD, ntere the 63 dee 
Romane tune as bp 

being of opinion, 
ofeph Moletius an 
withthe beſt Geos 
her in ſome efbis 
d conſequendiy cut 


his fea carde, tice 
ed a gulfe bettwizt 
not tebe trauelien 
y Groenland: the 
t continent with 


Guach pattage be, k 
hehe edere of the fro: 
one well knoweth 


untaines of iſe and 


ane chere be a pat: 
des we finde it fet, 
appes and globes 
the Earle of Bed · 
ot follow that tue 
orway, Finmarke, 


: pou map like» 


Northwest paſſage. of the tnglith nation. 


TY 
pallage bp Sea though Mofcouia into Pont Euxine , now talled Mare Maggiore. Againe, 
inthe afopefain Mediterranean {ca, we ſaile to Alegandpta in Egypt, the Barbarians bring they 
and (pices from the Moluccacs vp the red fea and Arabian goulph to Sues, fearllp thee 
darts iourn ey from the aforcfapd hauen: yet haue we no way byſeã from Alexan dia to the Mo- 
luccaes, oy that Iſthmos op little ſtraight of land betweene the two ſcas. In like manner al: 
though the Noztberne pallage be free at 61 degrees latitude, and the Cc Ocean beyond Ame. 
siea, vfuallp called Mar del Zur, knowen to be open at 40 degrees eleuation, fo) the J ſland Gia- 
pan, peathhee hundzed league Moptherlp aboue Giapan : pet map there be lande to hinder the 
thoyo d pallage that way by Sea, as in the examples afozeſayde it fallethj out, Aſia and America 
there being iopned together in one continent . me can this c pinion feeme altogether friuolous 
pnto any one that diligently peruſeth our Coſmographers doinges. loſephus Moletius is of 
chat minde , not onely in his plaine Pemiſpheres ol the woplde, but alfo in his Sta card. The 
French Geographers in like maner, be ok theſame opinion, as by they mappe cut out in fonne 


612 


ta hatt you may perctiue: as choughehe Celt Indies were part of Aſa. Mhich ſentente 


well agreeth with that olde conclufion in the Scholes: Quidquid præter Af icam & Euro- 
pam cit, e eft. Mhatſoeuer land doeth neither appertaine vnto Akrike nop to Europe, is 
datt of Afia. 


Furthermore it were to Cinall purpoſe to make ſo long, fo painefull, fo doubtſull a voyage 9d. . 


bp ſuche a newe found wap, if in Cathayo pou ſboulde neither be ſuffered to lande for filkes 
andfiluer , noz able to fetche the Molucca {pices and pearle for piratie in thofe Seas. Oka 
lave denying all Aliens to enter into China, and foꝛbidding all the inhabiters vnder a great pes 
naltie to let in any Qranger into thole countryes, ſhall pou reade in the repozt of Galeotto Perera 
chere impꝛiloned with other Hoꝛtingalles: as allo in the Giaponith letters, howe for that cauſe 
the wooꝛthie traueller Xauicrus bargened with a Barbarian merchant for a great ſumme of pep: 
per to be bꝛought into Canton, a pot in Cathayo . The great and daungerous pirarie vſed 
lathole Seag, no man can be iguozant of, that liſteth to reade the Giaponiſh and Catt Indian 
ilogle. 


Finally, all this great labour would be lot, all theſe charges {pent in vaine, ik in the end our od. s. 


umellers mig ht not be able to returne againe, and bying lafely home into they owne native coun: 
trep, that wealth and riches, chey in foren regions with uduenture of goods, and danger of they 
lues, haue fought for, By the Morebeatt there is no wap, the Doutheatk pallage the Boz⸗ 
cugalles doe holde, as the Loꝛds of thoſe Seas. Ac the Southwelt Magellanus experience hath 
partly taught vs, and partly we are perſuaded by reafon, how the ECaſterne currant iiriketh fo fus 
‘Moufly on chat ftrainhe, and falleth with ſuch force into that narrow gpulph, that hardly any ſhip 
un teturne that way into our Tie Ocean out of Mar del Zur. Che which, ik it be true, as truely 
eis, then we may ſay that the aforefain Eaſlerne currant oꝛ leuant courte of waters continually 
following after the heauenly motions, looleth not altogether his force, but is doubled rather by an 
other currant from out the Moꝛtheaſt, in the pallage between America and the Noꝛth land, whi⸗ 
ther it is ol neceſlitie carrped : hauing none other way to maintaine it felfe in circular motion, and 
wuſequently the force and fury thereof to be no lelle in the ſtraight of Anian, where it friketh 
Mouth into Mar del Zur, beyond America (if any ſuch ſtraight of Dea there be) then in Magel- 
hans fret, both ſtraights being of like bꝛedth : as in Belognine Zalterius table of new F tante, and 
in Don Diego Hermano de Toledo his card for nauigation in that region we do finde pyeriſely 
ſet downe. 

Neuerthtleſſe to appꝛooue that there lyetha way to Cathayo at the Noꝛthwelt, from out of 
Europe, we haue experience, namelp of thee bzethꝛen that went that iournep , as Gemma 
Friſius recoꝛdeth, and left a name vnto that Qraighe , whereby nowe it is called Fretum trium 
Fratrum. le doe roade againe of a Portingall that paſled this ſtraigbt, of whome Maiſter 
Furbiſber ſpeaketh, that was impꝛiſoned therefore many peeres in Lisbone, to veriſie the olde 
Dypanith pꝛouerbe, J ſuffer for doing well. Litewiſe An. Vrdaneta a fryer of Mexico tame 
dutok Mar del Zur this way into Germanie: his Carde, for he was a great diſcouerer, made 
me owne experience and trauell in that voyage, bath beene ſeene by Gentlemen of good 


e. 
Now if the obfernation and reme nbꝛance of things baerdeth experience, and ok experlente pro» 
ttedeth arte, and the certaine knowledge we haue in all facultyes, as the belt Philoſophers 


that euer were do affirme : truelythe voyage ok theſe aforefain trauellers that haue gane out of Ode o. 
Europe into Mar del Zur, and retutned chence at che unthwelt, do mot rutdentip conclude that 11e f. 


1 


my to be nauigable, and that paſlige free. Do much the more we are fo to chinke, Wan * 


Oud. 1. Meta. 


1 F 


Ihe voyages and diſcoueries A orthweit paffage, 
— — —— —— —— — ———— —— 
lirlt punciple and chiefe ground m all Seogtaptie, as Ptolome faith, is the biſtozy of trauell, thar 


re | 


is, repopes made by crauelicrs (hilfull in Geometric and Akronomie, of all (uch chingsin they 
do belong. It onelythen temaineth, that we now anſwere 
iourney as bie 44 U to tholt ar 


eigbteene degrees 
where it lirſt beganme : otherwile J toulde as well imagine this pallage to be mope wnlihelp 
then the poo to Moſcouia, and moze impolſible then it for tor tare ee 
ance thereof in the froftie clime : as now J can affirme it to be very pollible and mot likelp in 


againe 


Quarum quæ media eft, non eft habitabilis æſtu. Imagining, as mott men then did, Zonam 
totridain, the bor Zone, to be altogether deſbabited fo beat, prefentlp we knoty many fe 
motis and woopebp hing domes and cities in that part of the earth, and the Alando . Chomas 
neere Aethiopia, ¢ the wealthie Illands fon che which chieſty all chefe bopages ate taken in hand, 
to be inhabited euen vnderthe equinoctiall line. 

Co anſ were the third obiection, befives Cabota and all other trauellers nauigations, the ones 
Ip credit ol M. Frobifher map ſuſſice, who lately tixougb all chefe Mandsot ile, anv mountaines 
of luowe, palled that way, euen beponde the that tumbleth donne from che Noth, andin 
fome places cough be dxew one iachthicke ile, ashe returning in Auguſt did, came dome fafelp 


altogether kriuolous and baine, 


likewiſe ae to ander, 

and Strabo bee of , in to op ther „ Dionifius in ba enen bath this verſe se 
du werd ext pater . So doeth the Ocean Sea. runne round about the world : {peaking 
onely of Europe, Aftike, and Aſia, as then Afia mus trauelled andknowen, Cirith thele 
Doctours map vou iopne Pomponius Mela. capit. 2, lib. 1. Plinius lib. 2. capit. 67. and 
Pius 2. cap. 2. in his defcription of Afia . Alf tke ibich tunters we no leſſe confirme the 
whole E five of Afia to be tumpaſſed about with che Sea, then Plato docth affirme 
in Timzo , vnder the name / Atlantis, the Mett Indies to be an Illand, as in afpectall dil. 
tourſe thereof R. Eden wmitech, vnto the fentence ol Proclus, Marfilius Ficinus, nd 
others. Out ol Plato it is gathered that America is an Gand. Homer, Strabo, Ariſto- 


tle, Dioniſius, Mela, Plinie, Pius 2. affirme the continent of Aſia, Aftike, and Europe, tobe 


tuuironen 


Northwell pal 


the earth is moſt bolo 
2 it goeth further, 
Onega,D uina, Ob, pote 
dp doer that tea trikes 
mje ſhalo we: fromthe #20 
3. Met, ca ° 1. op of neceffit 
the earth there to ſhake off 
ine ol waters engendꝛed i 
tem, Alber. in 2. Meteo. c 
unte of water. Do that th 
ps Mouth on che elt five 
Groneland, 0} betwixt Gre 
congruence it doeth, if yon 
eperienceteacheth vs. An 
tolve me, the deeper alwapyt 
umme where the chanels are 
wrs fall continually from th 
the llraight we ſpeake of, 2 
lag downe furtoufly out fre 
thing impollible to want fee 
niſcouered no land. Finally 
Wwithal after that hee had fat 
lun ber wirt the alozeſaid 
Chat concluſion fre 
vonlothen knowen, and 
Che fife obiection requi 
Derbarians fauour by fome 
Gall baue che repulſe in one 
wenient times, and vifcreere! 
fone a violent entrie, would 
oflo great a Nation, farre d 
tothe doers, vnleſſe their pa 
Touching their lawes ai 
Galeotto Perera, that the ¢ 
trade into his Countrep fo 
Moores had, vntil ſuch time 
tumtiſed Saracene: whereft 
@Fuquien,s great titie in C 
they bee moſt deſirous to b 
lenitly handled there at che! 
infomach that the Loutea 0} 
dian Canoa halleth chote te 
n Done chat reache from 
luccacs:and (hall an Englil 
mie) leare to laile in that A 
wurde of peril: 
Tothe lak argument. 4 
ther hall thep be contr, 
we to be in danger of chs 
Gat lame way they doe goe 
Wereaſon alleadged fo 


1 — ů————— — 
Northwest paſſage. of the Englifh nation. 614, 


euiconed waithcbe Ocean. J map cherefoze bololp fap, (though later tneelligences thereof had 

enone at all) chat Afia and the Cie Indies be not tied ogether by any Iſthmos op ſtraight ol 

luube, contrary to the opinion ol ſome newe Colmographers, by whoine doubtfully this matte t 

hath bene bꝛougbt in controuerſie. And thus much for the fir® part of my anſwere vnto the 
obiettion. 

501 ſetond part, namely that America and Afia cannot be one continent, map thus be pꝛoued, 

eee 9) AW rerun ni moe, The mo Niuers cake downe that wap their courſe, 1.7. Bees. 

vert the earth is molt holotwe and veepe, writeth Ariſtotle: and the Dea, (faith hee in the ſame 
asit goeth further, fo is it ſounde deeper, Into what guife doe the Mofcouian tiuers 

Onega,Duina, Ob, pomne out their ſtreame s: Noth ward out of Mo ſcouia into the fea, UAhich 

vy doeth that lea ſtrike ? The Mouth is maine lande. the Callerne coal warerh mode and 

ine ſhalowe: fromthe North, either naturally, bet auſe that partof the earth is higher Ariſtot. 

3. Met. cap. 1.62 of neceſſitte, for that the forcible influence of ſome Noꝛtherne ſtarres caufeth 

the earch there to ſhake off the Sea, as fome Philoſophers doe thinke : op finallp fo) the great 

ine ol waters engendꝛed in that kroſtie and colde climate, chat the bankes are not able to holde 

tem, Alber. in 2. Meteo. cap. 6. Fromthe Noth J (ap, continually falleth domne great abun · 

pance of water. Do that this Noytheaſterne currant mut at the length abruptly bowe towar de 

ye Mouth on che Cel lde of Finmarke and Norway: oz ele ſtrike Downe Southweſt aboue 

Groneland, 03 betwixt Groneland and Iſeland, into the Month weſt ſtraigbt wee ſpeake of, as ol 

congruence it doeth, if you marke the ſituation of that Region, and by the report of M.Frobither, 

mperienceceacheth vs. And M. Frobiſher the further hee trauailed in the former paſſage, as hee 

tolve me, the deeper alwayes he found ſea. Lay pou now the ſumme hercof together. The riuers 

umme where the chanels are moſt hol lo we, the ſea in taking his courſe waxeth deeper, the fea wa: 

u fall continually from the Moreh South ward, the Noꝛtheaſterne currant liriketh do wne into 

the fraiche we ſpeake ol, and is there augmented with whole mountaines of pre and ſnowe, fal: 

lag downe furioullp out from the land vnder the Nozth pole. here fore of water is chere is it a vun. . 

thing impollible to want fea, where fea not onely doeth not want, but waxeth deeper, there can be 7. 

nilcouered no land. Finallp, whente I pay pou came the contrarp cide, that M. Frobiſher mette 

withal after that hee had ſailed no {mall way in that pallage, ik there be any Ifthinos 0} ſtraigbt of 

land bethurxt the afozeſaid Moreh wetkerne, gulle and Mar del Zur, to ioyne Aſia and America to- 
Chat concluſion frequented in ſcholes Quidquid pręter, & c. was ment of the partes of 

fooplochen knowen, and lo is it of rigbeto be vnderſtoode. 

Che fife obiection requtreth for anl were, wiſedome and politie in che trauailer, to winne the 
Derbarians fauour by ſome good meanes: and ſo to arme aud ſirengthen bimſelle, that when he 
Gall haue the repulfe in one toaſt, he map ſafely traunile to an other, commodioufiptaking bis cis 
wenient times, and diſcreetely making choife of them with whome hee will thoughly deale. To 
foe a violent entrie, would for vs Engliſhmen be very hard, conlidering the ſtrength and valour 
oflo great a Nation, farre diſtant from va, and the attempt thereol might bee moll perillous vn · 
tothe doers, vnleſſe their part were herp good. 

Touching their lawes againſt ſtrangerg you ſhall rende neuertheleſſe in the fame relations ol 
Galcotto Perera, that the Cathaian king is wont to graunt free arcelle buco all fopreiners that 
trade into his Countrep for Marchandiſe, and a place of libertie for them to remaine in: as the 
Moores had, vntil ſuch time as they had bought the Loutea o; Lieutenant of that coaſt to be a cir: 
tumtiſed Saracene: wherefcze ſome of them were put to the fond, che reſt were ſcattered abzoad: 
@Fuquien,s great titie in China, certaine of them are pet this day to be ſeene. s fo the Giapans 
hey bee moſt vefirous to bee acquainted with ſtrangers. The Portingals though they were 
leaitly handled there at the firlt, yet in the ende they founde great fauour at the Nince bis hands, 
kiunuch chat the Lourea op pefident that miluled them, was therefore put to death. The rude In- 
dian Canoa halleth thoſe feas,cheP ortingals, the Saracenes, and Moores trauaile continuallp vp 
in Downe that reache from Giapan to China,from China to Malacca,from Malacca tothe Mo- 
luccaes: and ſhall an Engliſyman, better appointed then any of them al that J fap no moꝛe of our 
n Mhut feat at all doe want piracie⁊ what Nauigation is there 


of perillꝛ 
Cothe lak argument. Our traueilers neede not to lecke their teturne by the Noꝛtheaſt, nets 30. 
thes hall they be conttrained, except they litt, either to attempt Magellane liraight at the Souths 
nei orto be in danger of che Portingals fo the Soutleaſt: they map returne by the Roythwelt, 
het fame way they doe goe loonth as experience hathſhewer. 
Wertaſon alleadged for proofe of the nanan be diſpꝛoued after this maner. And litt. 
nahe it map 


Boge Bese 


2881838111213 


61 Thevoyagesanddilcoueries M. Martin Frobiſber. i. 


it map be called in controuerſie, whether any currant continually be forced by the motion of Pri. 
mum mobile ound about the woꝛld, oꝛ no cc; learned men doe diuerlly handle that quetion, x 
natural l courfe of all waters ia done ward, wherefore of congruence they fall that way where 
they finde the earth mo lowe and deepe: in reſpect whereof, it was erſt ſaide, the ſeas do lire 
from the Noꝛthꝛen landes Boutherly. Uiolently the ſeas are tolled and troubled diners ya 
with the windes, encreaſed and diminiſhed by the courſe of the one, hoiſed vp ¢ done through 
the ſundzy operations of the Sunne and the Marres : finally, fome be of opinion, that the feas bee 
caried in part violently about the twopld, after che dayly motion of che higheſt moueable heauen 
in like maner as the elements of aire and fire, with the reſt of the heauenly ſpheres are, fromthe 


cure Call vnto the Wiel, And this they doe call their Eaſterne currant, opleuane Areame, Some 


ſuch currant map not be denied to be of great force in the hot Fone, fop the neerenelle thereof yup 
the centre of the Sunne and bluſtring Eaſterne windes vio lently dpuing the leas ellward: 
bowbeit. in the temperate climes che Dunne being further oll and the winde s more diners bioty, 
ing as much from the North, the Mick and South, as from the Cal, this rule dorth not efteery, 
ally withbolve vs from trauailing Eaſtward, neither be wee kept euer backe by the afcyeliyde 
Leuant windes and ſtreame. But in Magellans ſtreight wee are violently diuen backe Weg, 
ward: Ergo, though the Noꝛchweſterne ſtraigbt op Anian frette ſhall wee not be able to reumne 
ECaſtwarde: it followeth not. The fir, fo that the Nozthweſterne ſtraight hath more fea roony 
at the leaſt by one hundꝛeth Engliſh miles, then Magellans fret hath, the ouely want whereof 
cauſeth all narrowe pallages generally to be mof violent. Do would J fap in Anian gullt f 
it were ſo narrowe as Don Diego and Zalterius haue painted it out, an y returue that wap ta bee 
full of dilficulties, in reſpect of lch ſtreightnelle thereok, not fox the neereneſſe of the Dunne 
Caſterut windes, violently forcing that way any leuant ſtreame: But in that place there is muß 
ſea tome by manp degrees, ir txe Cardes of Cabota, and Gemma Friſius, and that which Trame. 
zine impꝛinted, be true. 

And hitherto tealon lee J none at all, but ehat A map as well gine credite unto their doings, 
as to any of the reſt. It mutt be Peregrinationis hiſtoria, that is true repoptes of fkiltul trauailers, 
as Ptolome titeth , that in ſuch controucrfies of Geographie muff put vs out of doubt. One. 
lius in his vniuerſall tables, in bis particuler Mappes of the Meñ Indies, of all Aſia af the Moy 
thꝛen kingdomes, of the Caſt Indies, Mercator in fome of bis globes, and generall Paypes of 
the wozlo, Moletius in his vniuerſall table of the Globe diuided, in his fea Carde, and particuler 
tables ol the Catt Indies, Zalte rius. and Don Diego, with Fernando Bertely, and otherz, doe fo 
much differ boch from GemmaFrifius and Cabota, among themſelues and in diuers places from. 
themſe lues concerning the diners ſituation and ſundzy limits of America, that one map not fo 
raſhly, as truely ſurmiſe, theſe men either to be ignopant in thofe points touc hing the aloꝛeſaide tt 
gion oʒ that the Maypes they haue giuen out vnto che woꝛlde, were collected onelp by them and 
neuer of their owne Drawing, 


The firſt voyage of M, Martine Frobifher,to the Northweft 
for the fearch of the ftraight or paſſage to (hina, written by 
Chriftopher Hall, and made in the yeere of 
our Lord 13 76. 


Bon Sunday the 13. of May the Barke Gabriel was launched at Redriffe, 
nd pon the 27. dap following fhe baled from RedriffetoRatcliffe, 
f Che 7.0f June being Thurſday the two barkes, viz. che Gabriel the Mi 
N chael, and our pinneſſe fet ſaile at Ratcliffe, and bare done to Detford, and 
Se ichere we ancred: the cauſe was, that our pinneflt burt her boultfppit, and 
\\0)/| foxernatt aboard of a ſbippe that rode at Detford, elſe wee ment to haue pult 
Vl that day by the Court then at Greene wiche. 
ng Friday, about 12. of the clocke we wayed at Detford, and fet ſaile all tigte of 
vs, and bare downe bythe Court, where we thotte off dur opdinance, and made the beſtſbewe wee 
could : er Maieſtie beholding the fame connnended it, and bade vs farewell with baking ber 
band at vs out of the windowe. Afterward the ſent a Gentleman a boove of bs, who declared 
that her Maieſtie had gvod liking of our doings, and tbanked vs fon it, and alfo willed our Cap: 
taine to come the next day to the Court to tabe his leaue of her. 
The lame dap cowards night .Mecretarie Woolly came abooꝛde of bs, W 


and fo came to at 

Che 14. dap! 
to Orfordnefle, 

Che 15. we v 
la down to Alb 
wed dobone to So 
bab water bein 
Ruth welt ſunn 

Che 16. dap 
eaft,¢ lailed to A 
aftifit gale. Ae 


Ruthwelt three 
11 ch 

A faire gale 
Che 20. day in 
afaive gale the f 
the ferenoone, t. 
glafles, foure le: 
tacighs fire leag 
wo bauing 30. f 
adlocke in che m 
bauings 37.fatho 
From 4a clo 
on i fait 
leagues, 
heſent we obſer 
Che 22,dap f 
trite Soucheatt 


failed, o 
124 Clocke a 


wef 3 leagues, 
Fm r. tot 


— 
Frobiſber. i. 


— — 
bp the motion of Pri. 
dle that quettion, The 
pall that wap where 
aide, the (eas do trike 
roubled divers ina 

d vp e donne throu 

Mon, that the feag 0 
lc moueable beauen, 
ſpberes are, fromthe 
jane ſtreame. Some 
cerencile thereof ino 
the (eas Neſtwant: 
es move Diners blow. 
rule doeth not effect 
che by the alcpelupde 
v dʒiuen backe len. 
not be able to renne 
‘hath moze fea ron 
ouely want whereof 
fap in Anian gulfe it 
turue that wap to bee 
elle ak the Dunne z 
t place these is man 
d that which Trame. 


te vnto their doings, 
E Chifultrauny, 
out of doubt. One- 
Fall Aſia, of the Jos 
generall Pappes of 
Tarde, and particuler 
s and others, doe fo 
n diuers places from, 
that one map not ſo 
ing the aforelaibe re 
Donelp by them and 


Northweft 
tten by 


unched at Redriffe, 
to Ratcliffe, 

the Gabriel the Mi 
une to Detford, and 
ther boulefprit, and 
ee ment to haue pak 


d ſet ſaile all ther k 


the beſtſhewe twee 
ell with ſbaking bee 
of vs, who declared 
fo willed our Cap: 


, and declare tothe 
tompauit 


lu ſule to depart, wee wanted ſome of our tompanie, and 


„ the 10,0f June, wee fee ſaile from Blacke wall at a urch welt, and bp {ict ſunne, 
the winde at Porth Moreh well,and failed to Graueſend, an ancred thete at a Wick nonth 
vel ſunne, the winde being as befone, 

Che 12. day being cuer againſt Graueſend, bp the taiſle 07 bleckeboufe we obſerued the lati 
nde, which was 5 1. degrees 3 3. min. Aud in that plate the variation of the Compaſſe is 11. de⸗ 
greesand a halfe. Chin day we departed from Graucfend,at a Ciel Mouth wet ſunne, the winde 
a Ruth and by Eaſt a faire gale, and ſailed coche Melt part of Tilberic hope, ¢ fo tuned Downe 
te Dope, and at a Ciel ſunne che winde came to the Ca Dourheak, and wee antred in 7.fa 
home being lowe water. 

Che 13. day wee let {atle at a Popchcat ſunne, the winde at Wie South welt, and failed 
wune the @ tueane and ouer the Spits and at a South ſouth welt ſunne, the winde came to the 
eilt Montheaſt, then we turned dowue to the Rape and fo duer the Naze, q in the traling ground, 
and fo came to aucre. 

Che 14. dap we wayed at 3. of the clocke afcernoone,the winde at Hout heal. and failed domne 
ta Orfordnefle,anb there ancred being litle winde, and the floud in hand. 

Che 15. we wayed at 2. a clocke in the moming being litle winde at Month noꝛthweſl, aud fais 
in down to Alborough, and thwart of Alborough the wind came to the NRonthnoꝛtheaſt, we tur: 
ind do bone to Solde, and there ancred at 9. aclocke in 5.fatboms, and rode all the ſioud, and at a 
bab water being a ſtiffe gale at Nonth Noꝛtheaſt wee wayed and put roome with Har wiche at a 
Rath welt ſunne, being 9. a clocke at night. 

Che 16. day wee waped and {et ſaile at 3. of che clocke aſternoone the winde at Mouth ſouth⸗ 
tut p failed to Alborough. Aud at that pꝛeſent the winde came to the Roꝛthnoꝛchweſt, and Nozth 
iti gale. e put toome with Orfordneſſe, and thert rode all the night, 

Che 17. day we waped at Orfordneſſe at a Southeall, g by Catt ſunne, the winde at opty 
ul and by Noꝛth a good gale, and put roome with Har wich, and antredthere at a South. and bp 
Caf lunne, and did obferue che latitude of the place which was 5 1. deg.; 


4. min. 
Che 1 8. day we waped at Harwich, at a Mopcheatt funne, the winde at Let ſouthweſt, and e 
wich the 18 
Che 19. day wer fet laile from Yarmouth toade at a Mourhwwet ſunne, the winde at Gate 3" 


failed out of Harwich Hauſe. 


Moutheat, aud failed bettwire che Cockle and the maine in ehpee fathome, and a halfe at three 
eration 7. to 10,4 clocke at night the winde at Mouth Dourheatk, che ſbippe failed 
Ruthw e leagues. a 

From tenne a clocke at night to 2. of che clocke in the moꝛning the winde at Mouth ſoutheaſt, 

afatre gale, the ſhippe failed Noꝛthweſt . 

Che 20,dap in the mopning from 2, of the clocke to fire a cloche che winde at Mouth Dourheat 
afaive gale the (hippe lailed Moreh wet foure leagues, From 6. a clocke to tenne of the clocke in 
the lezenoone, the winde at Houth Wouthenſt a faire gale, the ſhippe ſalled Nonthweſt eight 
flaſſes, foure leagues. From tenne a clocke to two a clocke foure leagues moje, And from two 
tocigbe {ire leagues: from eigbe to midnigbe we ſailed orth Noꝛthweſt fiue leagues, we foun» 
wo hauing 3 o. fathome, and line lande with blackes among and one (bell, From midnight to 4. 
adlocke in che moꝛning the ſbippe failed wich all ſailes 6. leagues and that watch out we founded 
dung z 7. fathomes, and fine gray ſand. 

Crom 4a clocke in the moming to 8. in che ſmendone, being the 2 l. day, the winde at Mouth 
Sourheatl,n faire gale, the lippe (ailen woth Honthweſt 8. glaſſes, 3. leagues then Nunhnoꝛth⸗ 
bet 6. leagues, the maine vard a troſſe:me eee eee 

41. ; 


Hefent we obſerued the laticuve, which was 54,degr, 
The 22. day from 4.a clocke in the moꝛning till 4a clocke the next moꝛning we failed with a 
late Moutheatt winde, f. lengues. Chis dap from 4. to 8 afthe clocke the winde as before the 
failen, Roth Nolwett fire 50.fathome,aud fine ſand. From 8. a clocke 
12,aclocke at noone,the winde at litle winde with logge, the Op lailed oh Porth: 
bet 3 leagues, J founded hauing 5 fine {and ithe ose, 
_ From 1 2.t0 foure of the clorke, the winde at Mouth Mourhwelt little minde. che thippe faflep 
Roth 1. league tic grea ogg. tebe enn of tate e e 
2 


M. Martin Frobiſber. i. ofthe Engliſn nation. 6¹⁶ 


— — — — — — ———ä— 
companie,that her Maieſtie had appointed him to giue them charge to be obedient and diligent 

there Captaine,and goucrnoursin all things, and wiſbed vs happie ſucteſſe. 

Che ninth dap about noone the winde being TWieRerlp, bauing our ancres abooꝛde ready tu 
therefoze ſtaped, and moared them 


The 23. dar. 


E 17 The voyages and diſcoueries 4.Frobifher., 


Fare Alland. 


kreſh gale, J caſt about to the Meſt ward, the 

head Ropthnoreh welt from me, and the land of Fare yle, Cie Douthweſt frum me. J ſailed di 
rectly to che Noꝛthbead of that ſaid land founding as J ranne in, bauing 60. 50. and 40. fathoms, 
and grap redde ſhels: and within halfe a mile of that Illand, there are; 6. fathoms, ſoꝛ J fatten u 
that Illand to fee whether there were any todſterde fo a Noꝛth welt winde, and J founde bymy 
founding hard roctees, and foule ground and deepe water. within two cables length of the ſhoart, 
28. fathome, and ſo did not ancre but plied to and fro with my fozeſaile, and mizen till it was a 
high water vnder the Aland. The tive ſetteth there Nozthweſt and Doutheatk: che flouo fetter) 
Doutheaſt, and the ebb Noꝛthweſt. 

Che 26. day J hauing the winde at Mouth a faire gale, ſayling from Fare yle to Swinborne 
head, J did oblerue the latitude being the Alland of FO wlay Mick Noꝛth welt frd me 6. leagues, 
and Swinborne head Caf foutheat from me, J found my eleuation to be; 7. degr. and my declis 
nation 22. degr. 46. min. Mo that mp latitude mag 59. degr. 46. min. At that pꝛeſent being necre 
to Swinborne head. hauing a lenke which din trouble vs, as alſo to take in freſh water, J plytd 


roome with a found, which is called S. Tronions, and there did ancre in ſeuen fathoms water. and 


faite ſunde. Nou haue comming in the founds mouth in the entring 17.15. 12. 10.9. 8. and 7 a. 
thoms, and the founalperh in Nenth Noth beet, and there roade to a Weft ſunne, and Topped our 
leake, and hauing refreſbed our ſelues wich water, at a Neth Roꝛthweeſt ſunne, J {et faite from 
S. Tronions the winde at South Doutheatt, and turned out till wee were cleare ofthe ſound, and 
fo ſailed Meſt to go cleare ofthe Alland of Fo way. And rumung offtoward Fowlay, J founded, 
hauing fiftie katbome, and ſtreamie ground, and allo I founded Fowlay, being North from met 
one league off that Jlland, bauing fiftie fathome at che Mouth head, and ſtreamie grounde, like 
bꝛoken otmell, and one ſbell being redde and white like mackerel. 

Che 27. day at a South ſunne J did obſerue the lutitude, being the Mande of Fowlay, from 
e be in latitude 59, degrees, 39. min. truely 

chen, and g 


92115 obferued the winde at South WOoebweſt: 7 bp 


From 1 2.t0 foure a clocke aſternoone the winde at Mouth, a faire galt the ſhippe failed elt 
and by Noth 6. leagues, and at the ende of this watch, I founded hauing 60. fathomt, with litle 
ftones and ſhels, the Illand from vs d. leagues Eaſt. 

From 4,00 8.4 clocke the winde at Mouth a good gale the Hhippe luiled elt and by Raths. 


leagues. 

From 8. a clocke to mi winde at Mouth Doutheatt,a good gale, the ſhip ſailed wett, 
and by Nonth 7. leagues, J founded hauing 65. fathoms, In balling vp the lead the line halt, 
5 a clocke in the moꝛning, che winde at Moutheaſt s gvod galt, ant maine 

tim 4. a 
Hun: peta dekh ete es 
” Che 28. day from 4. to eight a clocke, che winde at MHoutheatt a good gale, (eft 
Wek and by orth Arbe leagues: from eight to 12. a clecke, ae 
freth gale, the ſlippe failed Ae and hy North eight leagues, rum 


theende ol this w 
Ftom 4. to g. 


robiſßer. . 


ſbip tue 
igor 


eagues and a hallt: 
4 in the afternoone 


gues E Hoyland bp 
' bu ende with a 


cheat 2. leagues, 
the land. From8, 
he be em, 
1. league. 

ft, and by Ronth e 
called Swinborne 
om me. J failen dt. 
p. and 40. fathoms, 
ems lch A fatteoen 
ud J founde bymy 
engeh of the ſhont, 
mizen till it was 
at: the ſloud ferterh 


yle to Swinbome 
ftö me 6. leagues, 
degr. anv my declis 
meſent bemg necte 
eth water, J plyed 
fathoms wattt and 
2. 10.9. 8. and 7,fas 
ne, and Topped our 
ne, I ſet faite from 
re of the ſound and 
owlay, J ſounded, 
g Noth from mee 
mie grounde, like 


of Fowlay, from 
es, 39. min. truely 


hippe ſailed Wet 
achomne, with little 


lt and by NRonth. 


he thip ſailed wel, 
pad che line malt, 


d gale, ont maine 
left and by #20 


the lippe falter 
Eau Dourhert a 


from 


e * ry e 
A. Martin Frobiſper. i. of the Engliſn nation. 618 
from ap eee Eaũ Doutheal,a freth gore, the lip called 


EM and by North B. leagues 

Fun:. co 8. a clocke at night, che winde at Call Moutheaſt a freth wale, the ſhip ſailed elt 
dleagues. I did found, and could not get ground at 70. fathome. 

From 8. co midnight the winde at Call Southeatt a good gale the hip failed Cet 8. leagues. 

From midnigbt to 4. a clocke in the moꝛning, the winde at Cal Noꝛtheaſt, a freſh ale the hip 
failed ett 8. leagues and a halfe. 

lve 410 8. a clocke the 29. day the winde at Caſt Noꝛtheaſt a good gale, the ſhippe failed 29. 
je 84 1 2. atlacke atnoone, the winde at Catt ontheall, the hip lailed Tet d. leaguen. 

From 12. to . a clocke in the afternoone the winde at Cal Noꝛntheaſt a faire gale, the ſhip fais 
jn (iet 6. leagues,and at the ende of this warche J did ſounde, and could get no ground at 100. 


From 4.to d. a clocke at night, we ſailed Wek 5, leagues. 


From 8. to midnight 4. leagues, 

Irm midnight to 4. a clocke inthe moꝛming 4, leagues Mek, 

Che zo. day am 4 8. a clocke in the — failed TUlett 3. leagues. 30. 
From 8. to 12. clocke 3 leagues, 


From 12. co . a clocke at afternoone Clef 5, leagues, And at the ende of this warch J foun 
anne 
„ 
FFP 
From to . in ing 8, 
The lirt of qulp,trem 4,00 8. a clocke, we en eae agus a at that prefent Sule the arm. 
se bad fo much toinde that we (pooned afore the fea adeagues. 
From 8 co 12 at noone Weft and bp orth 6.leagues. 
r 


rom 833 ſalled with 2 conrles 4 leagues tet, 
From midnight to 4.4 clocke in the moming 6, leagues. 

Che fecond day arate 8.aclocke, 6.leagues and a halle Wet, 2. 

From 8. to 12. Melt 7. leagues. From 124 f. at afternoone Met 7. leagues moze, And at 
the ende ol this watch J founded hauing 100. fachume, and no ground, 

Ftom 4.to 8. at night 7Acagues, From 8. to midnight Mett, and by Month 7. leagues. 

Ftommidnight ta. . a clocke in the momning weft and by Roth 6. leagues. 

The z. day we found our Compaſſe to bee varied one point coche Meſtmards : this day frum 3. 
440 8. aclocke we ſailed Melt, and by Month 6. leagues. 

From 8. co 12 a cloche atnoone (We, and by Worth g. leagues. At that prefent J found our On. 72. Com pale 

—_— om" 


Compaflt to be varied: 1. deg. and ane 4.parteo che Miewards which is one 
From r 


clocke at talme, and without accompt. 
N ocke at nigbt, Mett and by Ronth 2. leagues. 
f midnigbt ict, and by leagues. 


6. leagues. 
From 12440 4. at aſternooue tit and ri e From 4.00 8, Moreh Morehtuet 
6, From 8 

Ge 


a rm from 8. to noone, Melt and leagues, . 
rendes Che by B N * 


888 J feunde it at the 


The voyages anddifcoueries M. Frobiſber. i. 


From S.at night to 8.iu the moming 4. leagues. 

From 12. to 4. a clocke at afternoone, North NRoꝛthweſt . leagues. 

From 4.0 8. at night Porth Mopthivet . leagues. 

From 8 co midnight, Noꝛth two leagues. 

From midnight to 8.a clocke calme, and without accomypt, 
Che 8, pap from 8,co 1 2,a¢ noone, 3 leagues Wick. 

From 12,¢0.4,4 clocke eit, 6. leagues, 

From 4.0 8, eight icagues, 

From 8, to midnight as tooke in all our failes , and ſpooned aire the fea betauſe of our pin. 
nelle, and at that prefent came logge and mille, and fo we loft fight of her. Mee ſailed Wet fue 
leagues. 

From midnight to 4. a clocke. Neft foreh week 4, with very much winde. 

From 4. to 8. in the toxencone the (ea being miggeilp growne, . leagues, 

From 8. to 12. South weſt afore the fea 4. leagues. 

From 12. to . a clocke, Qeſt Southweſt 5 leagues, 

Fromthat time to 8.a cloche he next day I laydthe Cp a hul, her way was ſouth A. leaguex. 

From 8 00 4. a clocke calme, and without accompt. 

From 4. to d. ſixe leagues. From 8. to midnght 7. leagues. 

From midnight to 4. a clocke, Noth 8. leagues, 

From 4. to 8. a clocke, Meſt and by ſouth 5. leagues. From 8 co 12.4 clocke at noone Wick, 

and by ſouth 4. leagues, & at tbe ſoutheaſt ſunne we had fight ol the land ol Friſeland bering from 


N- ot ys Cet noꝛthweld 16. leagues. and rifing like pinacles of Aeeples and all couered with {now J 


found my ſelfe in 61. degr. ol latitude. Cie ſailed to the ſboare ¢ could finde no ground at 150. fas 
thome, we hoiſed out our doate, x the Captaine with 4. men towed to the ſhoare to get on land. but 
the land lying full of yte they could not get on land, and fo they tame abooꝛde againe: Mice had 
much adoe to get cleare of the pe by teaſon ol the logge. Yet from Thurſdap 8, a c locke in the 
moꝛning to Fridap at noone we failen Southweſt 20. leagues. 
The 13. dap, a Noptheaſt wind cleared vs of the thicke miſte, x we failed ſauthwelt 5, leagues, 
The 14. day the vehemencie of he winde byake our foyeyarde, and boze ouet boo dur myſſen 
matte, ſo we put our ſpꝛeetſaile pard, wich the ſyneerſaile coarfe to our fopematt, and (pooned afore 
the fea South werk 1 5 leagues till it was Dunvap, 
Chis day from 4. in } afeernooie ts 8, we failed Douchtack 2,leagues. From thence to dun 
dap morning 4,of the tloche, talme, aus without accompt. 
The 16. dap from 4.00 B,che winde at South ſonthwelt, we failed 6 leagues and a halt, tum 
our maine matt, matne topmaſte, wich the bade, und fel into the fea altogetber. 
ron 4.to 8. we ranne fometwbat a duft, becdule we layd vp the ropes of our maine mat and 
ſet our maine ſaile Maine. From 8. io midnight. Norhwelk and by Wet 3. leagues. 
The 17. day front. to 8.3. agues From 8. to 1 2, two leagues, from 1 2. to .at afternoone 
3. leagues, from 4, to 8. a clocke 2. Wagues, in our oid courfes I pꝛooued to ſounde but ſounde no 
ground. From 8. eo midnight. elt and by Douth 2. league rom midnight to 4. a clocke inthe 
moming 2. leagues. 
From 4. co 8. chꝛee leagues from 8. to 12. at noone 3. leagues. and here at a Douthe=* ſunne, 
IJ found the ſunne to be elenaten 3 3. deg. And at a Southſoutheali 40. beg. Do Jobſerued it till 
highelt. and chen it was eleuaten 5 2. degr. I iudged the variation of the Com 
paſſe to be 2. points and a halfe to the Ne ap 
From 12.00 4. thꝛee leagues from 4. to $.tinee n 8. to midnight 2. leagues. From 
midnight to 4.1 clocke one league, being litle win 
From 4.0 8. Noth, .leagues, from 8. to 12 abaguts, from 12. eu 4.foure 1 
to 8.4. leagues, aud at the end of this waved we tat about co the ene 
9 from midnight to 4. clocke Cali and by North 3. 
From 4. to 8.3. leagues from 8.60 1 2. 3. leaguen, from 1 2,00 


„ From 4, to 8 het 
leagues, from 8. to midnight 4. lea guon. * aap — 7 —— 8.40 12. 


— oꝛtheaſt e Fiom 12.00 4.4,leagues, om 4. to 8, 
Agnes Aonchratk, From mionigis to 4.4 clocke, Nothe — 
= tae an gata gree —— — 
cleave of it. 

From 4. to 8 fourhwetk 3 leagues, Seon d do 1 2,2. leagues, from 13,£06,3 leaguts om ie 


morming calme, 
e di 8, 
leagues but ver} 
ung vp of che for 
peeabout the lan 
mothe pte being 
Fenn 
ok yte, and ou 
length of the ſpon 
currant is there 


Oe failen eb 

Che next dap 

Che next day 
noone we caf? abe 

The fire day it 
6 . 


at noone Ulett, 
land bering from 
peed wich ſuow. J 
dund at 150. fas 
D get on land, but 
gaine: ice had 
8, a clocke in the 


weil 5. leagues, 
boond our myſſen 


we but founde no 
4. a clocke inthe 


douthe A ſunnt, 
Vobferucd it till 
tion of the Com: 


. leagues, From 


M. Martin Frobiſper. i. of the Englith nation. 


aka ge opin ony poche a leaguesfrom 4. to 8.noyth 
„to 12. 12,04, * 0 
3 ftom 8. to nudnight, 7. leagues: from mibnight¢o 4, of theciocte, Noth 


nathwelt, 7. leagueg. 

from 4. to 8, 7. leagues: from 8. co 12. 7. leagues moze: from 12. 0 4, . leagues: fram 4.0 
8,; leagues: from thence to midnight, 6. lcagues: from midnight to 4. ot the clocke in the no · 
ning welt north well, . leagues. a a 

From 4. to 8,7. leagues: from 8. to 12. 7. leagues: from 12 to 4, 8, leagues : um 4. to 8, 8. 
ut a 8. to midnight, . leagues, well. nopehwett,and with logge: from nudnigbtto 4.0f 

J. leagues, 
. toe vieotth boch our courte toe bes gto of a land ot pce: the 
latitude was 62. degrees, two minuts. Ne ran from 12.40 4, 4. miles. ae 

From 4.to 8,4. miles: from 8. to 4. talme, and logge: from thence to 4, of the clocke in the 
momning calme, and foggie alfo, 

From 4. to 8, 4. leagues: from 8. to 12, 3. leagues: from 12. to 4, nonthweſt and by wall fire 
ltagues, but very foggie: from thence to 8 ol the c locke in the moꝛniug litle wind: but at the ticas 
ung vp ol the fogge, we had fight of lande, which J ſuppoſed to be Labrador, with great ſtope of 
tt about the land: I ran in towards it. and ſownded, but could get no ground, at 100. fathom, 
mothe ree being ſo thicke, J could not get to the ſboare and fo lay olf, and came clrare of the pte. 

. tame uithin a mile of the ſhoare, and ſought a harboꝛo we: all the ſo und was 

of pee, and dur boate towing a ſhoare, could get no ground, at 100, fathom, withm a Cables 
lengrh of the fyoare : then we fatled Cal nopheatt along the ſboare, fop fo the lunde lieth, and the 
currant is there great, ſettmng noꝛtheaſt, and fouthweft:and if we could haue gorten anker ground, 
tee would haue ſeene coith uber force it had runne, but J indge a (hip may dytue a league and a 
elfe, in one home, wich that cide. 

This day at 4, of the clocke in the morning, being faire and cleere, we dad fight ola head lum, 
a8 we iudged, bearing from vs noꝛth, and by Eaſt, and we failed Rotheaſt, aud by Mondeo 
that lande, and when wee came thither, wee could not gette to the lande for pee: fo) the 
pre ttretched along the coatte,fo that we could not come to the land, by fine leagues, 

Venlday the firk of Auguld, it calmed, and in the after noone, J tauſev my boate to be boy: 
lw ont, being hard by a great Tlandof pte, and A and foure men rowed ty chat pre, anv ſown · 
did within two cables length of it, and had firetecene kathome, and little ones, and after that 
fotwnded againe within a Minion thotte, and had ground, at an hundzeth fatborne and faire ſand: 
we fotmbed the next day a quarter of a myle from it, and had ſirtie fathome rough qrounde, and at 
that prefent being aboord, that great Iſland of pte fell one part from another, making a nopce 
asif a great cliffe hav fallen into the Sea. And at foureof the clocke, J ſotunded againe , and 
n blacke ſtone s, and little white ones, like pearles, Che tive here div 

(0 are. 

Me failen this vap ſouth foutheatt oftward,and layd it a trie. 

Che next vay mas calme and thicke, with a great fea, 

Che next day we fatten Mouth, and by Eat two leagues, and at eight of the clocke in the foope 
noone we cal? about to the Eaſtwards. 

The ſixt day it cleered, and we ranne northwetk into the ſboare, to get a harboougb, and being 
towards nighe, we nortwithtanving kept at fea, 
are with the thoare, but being neere it, it waxed thiche, and tue bare 


eigdt day we bided in towůrdu the ſdoare agen. (i 
Che ninehday we fotwnved,but could gette no grounde at 1 3 0. farhome: the weather was 


Chetenth Atooke foure men, and my ſelle, and rowed to thoare to an Aland one league from 
the maine, and there the floode letteth Mouth welt alougel the Hoare, and it floweth as neere 
& Fouty tudge ſo tuo, could not tarry to proone it, betauſe the thippe was a great way fron 
me, and J feared a ſogge: but when J came a ſboare, it was a lowe water. A went to the toppe of 
the Aland, and befoye T came backe, it was hied a faote woter, — Sea 
Te 11. wefounvourtacituve to be 63, degrees, n tit minutes, ind ibis way encter the 


12. we fet alle to warde an Illmd, ettied che Gabriels Jllund, tubich wer har 


23 


24 
25 


26 
Che latuude 
OF Ga. be. 2. ii. 
2 


28 


Sight of ans 
to * 


(appoted 
dyadoje, 


31 


Auguſt. 
1 


2 


11 to 


The voyages and difcoueries MA. Frobifher.t. 


ben from bs, 
celebs nenn bare tt ian cutee afandie Baye, where we came to an anker, 
the lande bearing Catt ſoutheaſt of vs and chere we rode all night in 8, fachome wat⸗r. It lometh 
there ata Southeall Moone. Ile called it Priors fownd, being from the Gabriels Bann, tenne 


14. We Wwaied,andranne into another ſotunde, where we attheren in 8, fathome water, 
‘faire land, and blacke oa pe, and there calked our {hip , being weake froms the wales vpward, and 
tooke in freth water. 

Che 15. day we waied,and ſailed to Priors Bape, being a mile from thence. 

The 16. day was calme, aud wee rode Mill, without pce, but pꝛeſentlp within two homes i 
2 e about the ſhippe, a quarter of an vnthe thicke, and that bape verp laire and 
calme, 

Cher 5 day we twated,an came to Thomas Williams Alland. 

Che 18, daß, we ſailed north noꝛthwelt, and anbered againe in 23. fathome, and tought dert, 
vnder Burchers Iſland, which is fromthe former Illaud, ten leagues, 

Che 19. day in the mozming, being talme, and no winde. the Captaine and J. tooke our boate, 

rhe men in her. to rowe vs a ſhoare to fee if there were there anp people o no, and going 


with ei 
2 nr due, to che coppe of the Alland me had fight of euen boates, which came rowing from the Catt ioe w 


ple, 


ward that Alland: whereupon we returned aboord againe: at length we ſent our boate with fue 
men in ber, to {ee whicher they rowed, and ſo with a white cloth bought one of their boates 
withtheir men along the ſhoare, rowing after our boate, till ſuchtime as they ſawe our Hippes 
and then they towed a ſboare: then J went on ſhoare my ſelfe, and gaue cucrp of them a tied 
den point, aud ought one of them aboozd ol me, where he did eate and dinke, and then carrie 
ed bim on fhoare againe. Mhereuppon all the reſt came aboopd with their boates, bering nine 


terne perfons, and they ſpake, but we vnderſtoode them not. They be like to Tartars, with lung 
vetcriptis blacke baire, bꝛoad faces, and flatte noſes, and tawnie in colour, wearing Oeale fhinnes, and id 
CGP vO Hoo che women, not dithering in the fatbion, but the women are marked in the face with blewe 
ftreckes dotwne the cheekes,and round about the cies. Their boates are made all of Beate fhing, 
with a kerle al hond within che fhinne the pꝛapoꝛtion of them is like a SPrpantth ſballop, ſaue on 


Ip they be ſlat in the fharpe at both endes. : . 

Che twentieth day, wee waer, and went to the Caſt five of this Illand and J andthe Cay: 
tuine. with oute men moze went on Hoare, aus there wer ſawe their houſes, and the people cb 
ping va, came rowing towardes our boate : whertuppon wee plied to our doate: and wer bee 
ing in out boate, and then aſboare, they called to vs, and wee rowed to them, and ont of their tum 
pea pbs et ele eee and a N 
Captaine and ue ok our men co fet him a fhoare at a rocke, and not among che compe 
e ctacaln 

our 


Che next daye in the moming, wee Moode in neere the fhoare, and ſhotte of a fautontt, 
and fotunded our trumpet, but wee coulde heare nothing ol our men: this ſownde wee cal 
lud the fine mens ſohmde, and plped out of it, but ankered againe in thirtie kathome, anv 
oaze s and riding there all night, in the morning, the Crowe lapt a loote thicke vppon our bar 


Che two andrwentieth vape in the mozning, we waped, and went againe to the place where 
wee If cur men, and our boate. Mee had fight of foureteene boates, and ſome came nerrt 
to vs, but we coulde learne nothing of our men: among the reff, we intiled one in a boate to 
our fide, witha Bell, and in giuing bim the Bell, wee tooke him, and his Bante, 
ar fo kept him, and ſo rowed Dolone to Thomas Williams Alland, and chere aukercd all 


She 26. day we waied to come homeiward,and by 1 2. ofthe clocke atnoone , me were thun 
of Trumpets Ifland. 


Spt apo sopra te enn ban gh fee ann of Fetand eng ei 
* and, 

nb, but toe could wecome nrw k, forthe Manina, pce tht inpabott f, 
neee, tes canne slong Sikes, ae bw He Dee’ 


bs. 
Che liek vay 
E Yarmouth, at 


~~. tah duce he Hat Talat a -» tat. 


5 


y 7 i) .I * 
Lo Admirale 
bell furniſhed v 
dalage ſoꝛ the fu 
by weit and non 
weft parts of A: 
though our Me 


5 Deuefite 
fame. Dut fi 


bopage the peer 
Upon which 


Harwiche, w 
Farrand 


a b 
kniy Orkney,t 


unong the compa 
them, and ſo wert 


| 14. Martin Frobiſber. z. of the Engliſn nation. 


part of it at eight of the clocke, Eat from vs ten leagues, ‘ 
Che ſtuenth day of this moncth,we had a very terrible ferme, bp force whereof, oue of our 


‘nen twas blower into the {ea aut of our waſtt, but he caught holde of the forefaiie fheate and there 


feld till che Capeaine plucke him againe 


1. : 
Cie irt vay of October, we bad ligbe of the held and fo failed along the coal, and ankercd’ 
E Yarmouth, andthe next day we came into Harwiche. 


2 
The language of the people of Meta incognita. 
Argotteyt, a hand. 
Cangnawe, anole. 
Arered, an epe. 
Keiotot, a teuth. 
Mutch et, the head. 
Chewat, an eare. 
Comagaye, a legge. 
Atoniagay, a foote. . 
Callagay, a paire ofbycerbes, 
Attegay. a coate, 
Polleuetagay, a knife. 
Accaskay, a ſbippe. 
Coblone, a thumbe. 
Teckkere, the foꝛemoſt finger, 
Ketteckle, the middle finger, 
Mekellacane, the fourth finger, 
Yacketronc,thelitele finger, 


The fecond voyage of Mafter Martin Frobifher,made to the 
VV e8t and Northwest Regions, in the pere, 157. With a defo 


cription of the Countrey,and people : Written by 
Dioniſe Settle. 


n bieſundape, beeing che fire and twentieth of Baye, inthe peere of our 
love Gov, 157 7. Captaine Frobiſher peparted from Blacke Wall, with 
oue ot the Queenes Mateſties ſbippes, called The Aide, of nine {cope cunne, 
F op¢hercabouts: and two other litle Barkes likewile,che one called The Gabri- 
el, whercof Maſter Fenton, a Gentleman of mp Loyvof Warwikes, was Caps 
NWS caine: and theother, The Michael, whereof Maſter Vorke, n Gentleman of mp 
Lod Admiralls was Captaine, accompanied with feuen (cope Gentlemen, fouldiers,and {ailers, 
well furnithen with victuals, and other pꝛouiſten neceffarie fo; one halfe peere, on this his fecond 
wage fog the further diſtouering of the paſſageto Cathay, and other cuntrirs therunto adiacent, 
bp weit and noꝛthweſt nauigations: which pallage oz wap, is ſuppoſed to be on the noꝛth e noꝛth · 
weft parts of America: and the faite America to be an Aland euuironed with che Dea, whert 
though our Merchants might haue courſe and retourſe with their merchanvise , from theſe our 
Ronthernmolt parts of Europe, tothoſe Dental coattes of Alia, in much thopter time, and with 
See betes tore any others to their no little commoditie and ppofire that doe oz {halt traffike 
fame. Dur ſald Captaine and Oeneral of this prefent voyage and tompanie, hauing the peere 
befone, with two little pinneſſts to bis great danger, and no mall tommendut ions. giuen a wo · 
thy nttempt towards the perfoymance , ig alfoppett (when orcafion ſball be miniſterd, to 
te benefite ol his Pꝛince, and natiue Countrey) to aduentute binrfelfe furcher therein. As for ehis 
fecond vnpage it ſermerh luffittent, that be bath bettet exployed and ſearched the commodities ol 
thofe people and Countrris. with fuffictene commoditie onto the abuentuters , which in bis lirſt 
M eee befine erprett, we beparten from Blicke wall 
don conflocrations and pere before we eke Wa 
ne ———— — ages nereftarie che nen 
0 with a merrie wind the 7. of June, we arrtued at the Yllands, called Orchades , & 
gatlp Orkney, being in number 30, ſubiect and adiatent to Scotland, where we made 


622 


7 


ot ce an : 
Che 25. r chene eben ihe ofthe Sano of Ou ye, which inscben ca 25 


october. 
I 
Che Heive. 


Che Finds 
Dicbades,ep 
3 Biber. 


U 


61 The voyages and diſcoueries AMA. Martin Frobiſpera. 


an 


die inebe winde and hey dꝛeſſe 
their meate very lilthilp. and eate it without Tale. Their apparell is after the rudeſt {ope of Scot. 
land. Their money is all baſe. Their Church and religion is refopmed accoping to the Scots, 
Lider men ot The lilbet men of England, ran better declare the ditpolicions of thaſe people then J: toheretone 
Waben a oe od their vlages to their reports,as peerelp repairers thither , in their courſe to ¢ from 
a 1 ; 
Je June ant Ve departed herehence,the 8, of June, and followed our courfe berweene Cet and Non 
inthe wel wett, vntill the 4. of Julie : all which cime, we had no night. but that ealũp, and without any impes 
nd nathweſt diment, wee had when wee were ſo diſpoſed, the fruition ol our bookes, and other pleaſurts to 
a 1 diſpoſed, the fru f 

22 pale away the time: a thing of no ſmall moment to ſuch as wander in vukno wen ſras and long 
nauigations eſpecially, when boththe windes and raging ſurges do paſſe their common and won, 
ted courſe. This bencfite endureth in thoſe parts not 6, werkes, whileſt the ſunne is neere the Teo 

pike of Cancer: but wh re the Pole is raiſed to 70,0) 80. degrees it continueth che longer. 

All alongtheſe ſeas, aſter we were fire daies failing from Orkney, we met floting in the Sea, 
great Firre trees, which as we iudged, were with the furie of great floods rooted vp, and ſo Mie 
uen into the lea. lſland hath almoſt no other wood no} fuell, but ſuch as they take vp vppon their 
coaſtes. It ſeemeth, that theſe trees are dꝛiuen from ſome part of the New found lande, withthe 
currentthat ſetteth trom the Meli to the Catt. 

The 4. ol July, we came within the making ol Friſlande. From this fhoare 10,0) 1 2.leagues, 
we met great Wands of pre,of halle a mile, ſaume mont, ſome leſſe in compaſſe, ſhe wing aboue the 
ſea, 30.05 40, fathonis, and as we ſuppoſ : d. faſt on ground, where, with our lead we could ſcarſt 
ſoundthe boctome oz 6 ö a 

here, in plate of odopiferous and frag mut ſmels ol ſweete gums, & pleaſant notes of muſicall 
birds, which other Countreis in moze tem) erate Zone do peeld, we taſted the moſt boiſterous Bo- 

Eu real hlaſtas, mixt with {now ¢ haile. in the moneths of June ¢ Julp, nothing inler io; to our vnten 

and f. perate munter: a ſudden alteratton ande ſpetiallp in a placeop Paralele, where the Pole is note 
leuate aboue 61, degrees: at which height other Countrtis moze to che Noꝛth. pea, nto 70. des 
grees ſbewthemſelues moze temperate chen this 

Al along this coaſt pce lieth, as a continual bul warke, ¢ ſo defendeth the Countrep, chat thole 
which would land there, intur great Our General 3. daies together, attempted with the 
ſhip boate to haue gone on ſhoare, which z that without great danger be could not accomplith,be 
deferred it vntil a moze conuenient time. All alongthe coat lie very high mountaines couered 

Srtlande tahe ha eee Se s of the mountaines, of force it mutt 

dart ta long. needes fall. Foure daies caaſting along this land, we found no ligne ok habitation. Litle birds, 
which we iudged to haue loft che Hoare bp reafon ol thicke ſogges, inbich that Countrey is much 
fubiect vnto came ſiying to our Chips, which cauſẽth vs to ſuppole, thatthe Councrep is both moe 
tollerable, and allo habitable within, then the out ward (hoare maketh ſbewe op ſintũication. 

From heute we departedthe eight of Julie: and the 16. ofthe ſame, wer tame with the ma 
king of land which land our Generall che peere befope,had named The Queenes foreland, being 
an Iſlaud, as we iudge, Iping neere the continent with America: aud on the other de, 
oppolite tothe lame . ont other Jlland, called Halles Alle, aſter the name of the Matter of the hip, 
neere adtacent ta the firme continent with Aſia. Betweene the whichtwo Fflands 

there ia a large entrance o Frobithers ſtreight, after the name of our @enerall, 
the lin finver thereof. Chis ſaid ſuppoled to haue pallage into the fea of Sur, which J 


ll 
other pleaſurts tu 
en ſeas and long 
common and won, 
e is neere the Tw 
oe longer. 
ng inthe Sea, 
ted vp, and ſo Dye 
ike vp vppon their 
nd lande, with the 


o. oz 12. leagues, 
wing aboue the 
ad we could ſcarſt 


tnotes of muficall 
oft boiſterous Bo- 
rioʒ to our vntem 
the Pole is not e 
ypta, vnto 70. des 


me with the ma- 
es foreland, being 


saree 
bichtwo Bflanns 
of our Generall, 
sof Sur, which J 


M. Martin Frobiſper. a. of the Engliſh nation. 624. 


tyre much more nozthertp chen the fame, 

Gcannet tudge, that any temperature onder the Pole, being the time of the Dunnes Joy 
thern decl mation, halte a yeeretogether, and one whole day ( cunſidering, that the Sunnes eltua · 
ton furmounteth not 2 3. degrees. and 30. minuts.) can haue power to diſſolue (uch monſtrous Illande of pre 
and huge pte, comparable to great mountaines, except by ſome other fopce, as by ſwiſt currents — 
gid tives, wich the helpe of the laid day of halle a peere. 

Before we came within che making of thele lands, we taſted cold ſtonnes in fo much that it fee: 
med, we had changed ſummer with winter, if the length of the Gapes had not remooued va from 


* 
teur Girt comming che ſtreighes ſermed to be ſhut bp with a long mure of pce, which gaue 
i litle cauſe ol diſtomloꝛt vnto vs all: but aur Generall, (to whofe diligence inuninent dangers, 22 
am diffitult attempts ſeemed nothing in reſpert of bis willing minde, forthe commodttte of his Mutt bis an 
Prnce.and Countrep,) with two little Pinmelle ss pepared of purpoſe, paſſed twiſe thoꝛough poy oa a 
them to the Cal Noare,and che J ſlands chereunco adiacent: andebe thip, with the tun BWarkes, pis prince 
Uap off and on ſomething further into the fea, from the danger of the pee. and Countrep. 
Ahileſt he was ſearthing the Cauntrey neere the Mhoare, ſome of the people of the Countrey che onder of 
ſyewed themſelues, leaping aud daunſing, with Prange Mikes,and cries, which gaue no little ad — nar onal 
miration to out men. Dur Generall deſirous to allure them vnto him by faire meanes , caufed bears. 
kniues and other things, to be pꝛofered vnto them, whichthey would not take at our handes: but 
being laid on the ground. and the partie going away, they tame and tooke vp, leauing fome thing 
iltheirs to counteruaile che ſame. t the length two of them leauing tbeir wrapons, came do ume 
our Generall and Water, who did the like to them, commanding the companie to Nap,and wene 
pnto them t who aſter certaine dumbe ſignes. and mute congratulations, began to lay handes vp · 
in them, but they deliuerly eſtaped, and ranne to their bowes and arrowes, and tame fercelp vpon #Fterce and 
them,(not reſpecting the reſt ol our companſe. uhich were ready lo their defence) but with thetr Sun kaun. 
mowes hurt diuers of them: we tooke the one, and the ocher eltaped. 
CAbilett our Generall was bulied in ſearching the Countrey, and thole Illands adiatent on 
the Ea ſhoare. the ſhip and barkes hauing great care, net to put fare into the ſea from him, for 
that be bad ſmal ope of victuals, wert forcedto abide in a cruell tempeſt, chancing in the nigbe. 
mongſt and in the thicket of the pce, which was fo monſtrous, that euen the leaſt of a thouſand 
du bene of foꝛce ſufficient, to haue ſhiuered our (hip and barkes into final poꝛtions, if God (who in 
i neceſſities, bath care vpon the inſirmitie of man) had not pꝛouided fo) this our extremitie a (uf: 
ficient teme vie shrouch the light of the night, whereby wee might well diſcerne to flee from ſuch 
imminent dangers, which we auoided with 14. Bourdesin one watch the {pace of 4. homes. It 
ve bad not incurred this vanger amongſt theſe monſtrous Iſlands of pre, we ſhould haue loſt our 
Generall and Waker and che moſt of our beſt ſailers, which were on the ſboare deſtitute of victu⸗ 
als: but bythe alure of our Matter Gmmer. Water lackman, and Andrew Dier, che Maſters 1 Core, 
Pates, men export both in nauigation, and other good qualities, wer were all content toincurre Arr. r Sun 
the dangers afore rehearſrd before we would, wich our owe ſafetie, runne into the ſea to the de · Pater Hache 
ſeuttion of our ſaid Senerall. and his companie. N Andbe Pier. 
The day following, being the 19. of Julie, our Captaine returned to the ſtippe, with good 
newes of great riches, which ſhewer it felfe in the bowels of choſe barren monntaines, wherwith 
vr were all latiſũev. A ſudden mutation. The one part of vs being almoſt ſwallo wed vp the 
wight before, with cruell Neptunes foꝛte, and the reſt on ſhoare, taking thought ſoz their grerdie 
hom to lind the way to New found land: at one moment we were all rapt with io y, nw founs 
g boch where we were. and what we had ſuffered. Behold the gloꝛie of man, to night con: 48. 
tuning riches and rather looking ſoz death then otherwiſe : andto moprowe deuifing howe to la. 
tillie his greedie appetite with golde. 
Uithin foure dates after we had bene at the entrance of the ſtreighes, the noꝛth welt and Mell 
nine diſperſed the pre into the ſea, and made vs a large entrance into the ſtreighes that without 
n impediment, onthe 19. of Julie. we entred them, andthe 20, thereof,our General and as 


| ter, with great diligente, ſoug he out and ſownded the Melt fhoare, and ſounde out a faire Harbo· 


and berzes to ride in, and named it after our Maſters mate, lack mans { achinans 
— eee ea der. Sen nn wt te * 


At our frst arriuatl atrrthe (hi eode at anker. gur General, with ſuch companie as could wel 
be fparen from the ſlippes in ma. aug onder entred the lande, hauing ſpeciall care bp erboptati- 
ans chat at dur entrance thereineo, we all wich one veice, kneeling vpon out knees, — 

t 


The voyages and diſcoueries M.Frobifher.2, 


thanke God fo; our ſafe arriuali : ſecondly beleech him, that it would pleaſe his duune Mairie, 


Pomme 


3 Ee needful 
2 
men. 


Ele 


ihe 
Teer 


de Ga Wels 
coins. 


Ka 
of our men. 


long to continue our Queene,fop tohome he, and all che re@ of our tompanie, in this oder tobe 
ol the Countrey: aud thirdly, that by our Chyiſtian Quois and endeuour, thoſe barba· 
tous people tr auied vp in Paganrie, aud iuſtdelitie, might be reduced to the knowledge of true tt 
ligion. and to the hope of faluation in Chyiſt our Redeemer, Cie other wopves very apt to figni, 
fie his willing mind, and affection cowards bis inte, and Coumttey: wherebp all {ulpicion of 
an vudutifull ſubiett, map tredibly be iudged to be vtterly exempted from bis mind. All thertl 
ofthe Gentlemen, and other deſerue wozthily herein, their due paife and commendation. 
Chbeſe things in this onder actomplilbed, our Gencrall commanded all the companie to be obe 
dient in things necdefull fo our aum ſafegard. to Maſter Fenton, Maſter Yorke, and Matt 
Beaſt, his Lieutenant, while he was occupied in other neceflarp affaires , concerning out com 
ming thither 


After this opder we inurched thwugbthe Countrey, with Enligne dilplated, ſo farte as bn 


thought nervetull, and nom and then heaped e other places, in 
token of polleſlion, as like mile to ſigniſe vuto ſuch as hereafter may chance to arriue there, that 
poſleſſion is taken in the behalle of ſome other Pyince, bythoſt which rf found out the counttep, 

ho fo maketh nauigations to theſe Countreis hath not onely extttame winde, and furious 
leas to encounter twithall but alſo manp monſtrous and great Alands of pce: aching boch rare, 
wonderful, and greatly to be regarded. 

Me were forced ſundptimes, while the ſbip did ride here at anker, to haue continual watch, 
with boates ¢ men ready with halſers to knit laſt vnto ſuch pee , which with the ebbe ¢ flood nett 
tolled to ¢ fro in the harboꝛougb · x with force of dates to hale them awap, ſoꝭ endangering 5 fhip. 

Our General, certaine dales ſearthed this ſuppoled continent with America, and not finding 
the commoditie to anſwere his expectation, after hee had made triall thereof, bee departidthenc 
with two little barkes, and men fuffictent to the Eat ſboare, being the ſuppoled continent of Afia, 
and left the fixp with moſt of the Gentlemen, ſouldiers, and ſailers, vntill ſuch time as he, either 
thought good to end m come fop them. 

Che Kones of this ſuppoſed continent with America he altogether ſparkled, and glitter in the 
Dunne like gold: fo like wiſe doch the Cand in the bright water, pet they verific the old Pyouerbe: 
All is not golde that gliſtereth. 

DOuthis Nen ſhoare we found a dead fithe floating, which had in his nole a home ſireight an 
torquet,of length two pardes lacking two puches, being byoken in the top. where we might per 
teiue it bollowe into which fome of our failers putting Wyiders they prefenelp died. J (awe not 
N it was repopted bute me of a trueth : by the vertue whereof, we ſuppoled it to 

e icone, 


Land flee wich their boates into the (ea, Mie parting 


Alben 


molde ſhirt, at 
thing elfe vnto ¢ 
Cheir riches 
the Chins of ted 
black, with othe 
bitie weedefull 


pect a much 
time hath conce 
get of our Gen 
duntly, that frot 
ofour General 
the Hip and ew 
In the mean 
dato vs, ſundzit 
tu haue fone ne 
Wanna 
ing the 

deſired penne, y 
fudged)bying tl 
Thep alfo ms 
tied on mens f 
Mieth theſe 


— 
*robipher.2, 


B duune Patent, 
in this opder tooks 
sour , thoſe barba. 
apt to ſigni 
by all ſuſpictenof 
mind. Allcherel 
dendation 


ompanie tobrobe, 
orke, and Mallet 


ncerning out com 


, ſo farte as nas 


other places, in 
yt by tha 
out the couattey, 
indes, and furious 
athing boch rare, 


tontinual watch, 
ebbe ¢ 15 on 
angering p ſbi 

ra, and not finding 
ee departtdthenc 
continent of Aſa, 
time as he, either 


d, and glitter in the 
ethe old Pyouerbe: 


M. Martin Frobiſber 2. of the Engliſh nation. 


— neem een a a aa err een 
Liven they were landed, they uerceip allaulted our men with their dowes and artowes, WHO , fret alan 
pounded thnee of them with our arrowes: and perceiuing them ſelues thus hurt, they de ſperatly ot a few. 


off the Rocks into the Sta, and dpowned them ſelues: which il they had not done, but hab 
fubmisted them ſe lues, 07 tf by any me antes we could haue taken aliue (being their enemies as 
thep iudged) we would both haut faucd them, and alfo haut fought reme die to cure their wounds 
at our hands. But the y, altogether voyde of humanitie, and ignozant what mercy meas 

neth,in extremities looke fo; no other then death: and perceiuing they ſhould fal into our hands, 
thus miſerably bp downing rather defired death, then otherwiſe to bet ſaued by vs: the reft, 
ng their fellowes in this diſtreſſe, fled into the high mounteines. Two women, not bes 

tng fo apt io eſcape as the men were, the one a her age, and the other being incombycv with a 
pong childe, we tooke. The olde wretch, whom diuers ol our Saylers ſuppoſed to be eytber a 


+ *piuell,op a witch, bad her buſkins pluckeo off, to {ee if he were clouen ſooted, and fo her ougly 


pewe and defopmitic,we let ber got: the pong woman and the childe, we bought awap, TLie nas 
men the place where they were Maine, Bloudie point: and the Bay o7 Harboꝛougb, Vorkes found, 
after the name ol one of the Capteines of the two Bar kes. 


Hauing this knowledge both of their lierceneſſe and cruelty, and perceiving that faire means, faire meanes 
as pet, ia uot able to allure thein to familiaritie, we diſpoſed our ſelues, contrary to our inclinati — oor 
in ſomething to be cruel returned to their tents.and made a ſpople of the fame: where we found lanuuarup. 


an olde ſhirt, a doublet, a girdle, and alſo ſhones of our men, whom we lof the pcere befoze:on no» 
thing elfe vnto them belonging could we ſet our eyes. 
heir riches are not gold, ſilucr o: precious Dꝛaperp, but their ſaid tenes and boates, made of 


the Chine of ted Deare and Seale Ching: allo, dogges like vnto wosluts, but fo; the moſt part daumes. 


black, with other trifics, moze to be wundzed at fop their ſtrangeneſſe, then fox any other cemmo⸗ 
bitie needefull fo; our vie, 
Clusreturuing to our ſhip the 3. ol Auguſt, we departed from the wel Hoare ſuppoſed firme 


N an Iſland both named after the Counteſle of Marwicke, Anne Warrwicks 
‘le, 

Inthis Ille, our Generall thought good, for this voyage, to fraight both the (hips and barkes, 
talth ſuch Stone oz gold minerall, as he iudged to counteruaile the charges of bis firtt,¢ this his 
letonde Mauigation to theſe countries, with ſufficient intereſt to the venturers, whereby they 
might both be faciffied fo this time, and alfo in time to come (if it pleaſe God and our Hinte to 
tpect a much moze bencfite, out of the bowels of thoſe Septentrionall Paralels, which long 
time bath concealed it Celfe till at this prefent though the wonder full diligence, and great Dans 
ger of our Generall and others, God is contented with the rcucaling thereof, It riſeth ſo aboune 
bantly, that from the beginning of Auguſt, to the 22. thereof (euery man following the diligence 
il our General) we rayled aboue ground 200. tunne, which wee iudged a reaſonable fraight fo 
the hip and two bar kes, in the ſayd Anne Warrwickes Iſle. 


Jn the meane time of our abode here, ſome ofthe countrie people, came to ſhewe themſclue s The connerte 


bate vs, ſundꝛie times on the maine ſhoare, neere adiacent to the laid Ille. Our General, deſirous 


tu haue fone newes of his men, whom he lott the peere before , with ſome company with him res Uno us. 


paired with che (hip boat, to common, oz ſigne with them fo3 familtaritic, whercunto he is perſua · 
bed to hing them. They, at the firk ſbewe, made tokens, that thee of bis fue men were aliue, and 
belired penne, ynck, and paper, and that within thꝛee oy foure daies, they would returne, and as we 
lunged) bzing thoſe of our men, which were liuing, with them. 
They alſo made ſignes 0 tokens of their Ring. whom they called Cacough e how he was cars 
tied on mens ſhoulders, e a man farre ſurmounting anp of our company, in bigneſſe ¢ Mature. 
Vieh the ſe tokens and ſignes of waiting, penne, ynke, and paper was de liuered them, which 
they would not take at our bands. but being layd vpon the ſhoare, and the partie gone away, they 


tooke vp: whichlikewile they do, when they defire any thing fon change or theirs, laping forthat Then ulane in 
which is left, ſo much as they thinke wil counteruaile the ſame, and not comming neare together. change. 


A ſeemeth they baue bene vſed to this trade oz traffique, with lone other people adioyning. oz not 
lare diſtant from their Countrie. 


Atter 4.vaies,fome of chem ſhewed themſelues vpon the firme land, but not where they were eye propte 
befoye, Dur General verp glad tbereof, ſuppoſing to beare of our men, went from the Tlland ib Nine 18. 
boate, and ſuffitient company with bim. They ſeemen very glad, and allured him, about a cet: spun rune, 


tine point of the land: behind which they might perctiue a companit of the craltie villains to lye 
LU lurking, 


with America, after we had anchozed there 13. dayes:and ſo, the 4. thereof, we tame to our Genes a wen 


tall on the Eaſt (hoare and anchozed iu a faire Hatboꝛougb named Anne Wairwickes found, vn - "ear. 


propis 
foe 2 
on firme 


ere firk 


meanes to als 


ture vs to 
thoare. 
heir ſecond 
nantes. 

r third 


crafetett 
mureinent. 


empattion _ Dur Generall,hauing compalllon of his i 


A The voyages and diſcoueries M. Martin Frobiſber. z. 


————— . — — . — 
lurking, whom our Senerall would nos deale withall, los that be knew not what company they 


were, ¢ fo with few ſignes diſmiſſed them, ¢ returned to his company, 

Qn other time, as our (aid General was coating che tountrie, with two little Piniſſes, wheres 
by at our returne he might make the better relation thereof, ther of the craftie Villans, withe 
tobice hin allured v to them. Onte againe, our Oenerall, fo that he bopedto beare of bu men, 
went towards them: at our comming neare the (hoare, wherton they were, we might perttiut g 
number of them lie hidden bebinde great Rones,¢ thoſe ther in fig ht labouring by al means pot, 
ſible, that ſome would come on land: ¢ percetuing we made no bal by wos nop friendly fignes, 
rn but chpee in light, they 
fought further meancs to ppouoke bs thereunto, One alone layd fleth on the ſhoate, which wee 
tookeup with the Boate hooke , as neceſſury victuals fo the relicuing of the man, woman nd 


child, whom we had taken: chat as yet, hey could not digeſt our meate: whereby they pertty. 


ued themſelues decciuen of their exrpectation,fop all their craftie allurements. Net once againe,to 
make (as it were)a full ſbeme of their craſtie natures,anv ſubtilt ſleightes, to the intent cheredp 
to haue intrapped and taken fome of our men, one of them counterfeited bimfelfe impotent nd 
lame of his legges, who feemed to deſcend to the water five, with great difficulties to couer his 
crafte the mode, one of bis fellowes came dotone with him, and in fuch places, where bee feemen 
vnable to palle. he tooke him on bis (houlvers, ſet him by the water five, and depatted from bim, 
leauing bim ( as it ould ſeeme) all alone, who playing bis coſiterfeite pageant very wel thought 
thereby to phouoke ſome ol vs to come on (hoare, not fearing, but that onc of vs might make our 


partie good with a lame man. 
tencie, thought good (ifit were polſible)ts cure 


so cure a crate yum eherof:wherefoye,be cauleb a fouldione to thoote at him with bis Caletuer, weich gratenbe: 
CwlAIME man. Fore his face. Che counterfeit villeine deliuerly fled, without any impediment at all, and gott him 


to his bowe and —— the rettfrom their lurking holes, with their weapons, bowes ar 
rowes, ſungs, and varts, Our General cauſed ſome calecuers to be thot off at them, wherby ome 
being hurt, they might bereafter Nand in moge feare ol vs. 

This was all che aunſwere, log this time, we could haue ol our men, on of our Generals letter, 
Their craſtie dealing, at theſe the ſeuerall times, being thus manilell vnto vs, may plomely 
ſhewe, their diſpolitton in other things to be toyreſpondent. Ne iudged, that they bien theſe lars · 
tagemmes, thereby to haue caught ſome ol vs, fo; the deliuering of the man woman and childe 
whom we bad taken. 

They axe men of a large coppopature and goed pꝛopoꝛtion:their colour is not much vnlike the 
Dunne burnt Countrie man, who laboureth daily in Sunne for his lining, 

Chey weare their haire ſomething long. and tut be loze, either with ſtone up knife , very viloze 
derly. Cheit women weare their haite long, and knit vp with two loupes, ſhewing forth on tither 
ſide of their faces, and the ret foltred vpon a knot. Alſo, ſome oftheir women race their faces pros 
pentionallp, as chinne, checkes, and forehead, and the wziſtes of their hands, whereupon they lay 
à colour, which continueth dar ke azurine. n 

They eate their meate all rawe, both flethe, fithe and loule, oz ſomething perbopled wich bloud 
and alittle water, wbich they dyinke. Foz lacke of water, they wil cate pee, that is hard krolen 
pleafantlp as me will doe Sugar, Candie, o other Sugar. N 

Ik they, lo; netellities ſake, and in neede of the pꝛemilſes, ſuch gralſe as the countrie peelerh 
they plucke vpp, and cate, not deintilp, oz ſalletwiſe to allure their Romaches to appetiteꝛbut for 
netelllties fake, without either (ale, oples,op waſbing, like bꝛute beafts deuouring the fame, Chep 
neither vle table, ſtoole, oʒ table cloth foy comelines:but when they are imbzued with bloud kur 
kle beepe,and their kniuesin like fort, they vſe their tongues as apt inftrumentes to licke them 
tleane: in doing whereol, they are aflured to looſe none of their victuals, 

bey frank oz keepe certeine doggs, not much vnlike Molues, which they poke together, af 
we do oxen ¢ bonſes, to a fled on traile: and fo tatrie their neteſlaries ouer the pce and ſnow from 
place to place:as the captiut. hom we baue, made perfect ligne. And when thoſe doggs are not 
apt for che Came bie: 07 when with hunger they are conftrained fo) lacke of other victuals, they 
cate themꝛſo that they are as needful fo them in refpect of their bigneſſe, as our oxen are for bs. 

They apparell themſelues in the ſuinnts of luch beattes as they kill, ſewed together wirhthe 
finewes of them, All the ſo wle which chep kill, they Chin, and make khert of one kinde of garment 
oz other, to defend them from the told. 

bey make their apparel with hoods and cailes, which taſles they giut, when they chinks ta 


hey meare the furre 


gratifie anp friendthippe ſhemed unto chemsa great ligne of friendthippe with them. The bane : 


M. Martin 


heut them not fo ſyde 
Che men and wo 

imp open befoze, as w 

wich the furre five in 

they put their kuiues 

their hole, which r 

in place of garters, th 
Chep opelle their ſ 


the laid ſkinnes. 

Chole beaſtes, Ft; 
ving bofe,fhooes, the 
in ntede, and almoſt 

Cheir houſes aret 
metting at the toppe, 
fo pitched vp, that the 

They baue other Ca 
ſtones and CAThale bo 
the entrance of them 
g time to ithe, hunt, 


gaine, 

Their weapons ar 
long. ſinewed on the b 
bowe fringes are lik 
ded with bone, with th 
vudq; little moe. Ct 
thers layd vpon the a 
c tyed on, co haue for 
ſent of fone 03 pron, ꝑ 
lend with a booke on ¢ 
pointed They are not 
tafion, the arrowe leat 
tp neere, when they fh 

Their Darts aren 
llaewile in the middſt: 
they cat out ol an inth 
lad, with a long bone 
their moſt hurtrull we 

They baue two fo 
artificialip tyed togetl 
tles, wherein ſixteene . 
as they kill, very fine: 
tte and rowe in, with 

Their oper of Hilt 
shot they vfe them 

A can ſuppoſe cheis 
are of ſuch force to wi 
allinepther doe J {ce < 

Thole houſes, oz ra 
ttoden, which is one of 
them, when they haue 
bane ſufftently ttopevs 
to their ( Ninter ſtatio 
derceiue to be in that 

They baue fome p) 
to wopke their boates, 
Withall,bue with grea 

At (comet, that the 


nchep lap 


with blows 
krolen as 


peeldeth 
teꝛbut ſoz 
Tbey 
dud, knuc⸗ 
cke them 


e her, as 
nom, rom 


— — — t. «y ——— —4Δ—PJ— 
M. Martin Frobiſher 2. of the Engliſh nation. 628 


paue tbem not ſo ſyde as the women. 

Che men and women weare their hole cloſe to their legges, ſrom the wall to the knt e, without 
anp open befope,as well ibe one kind as the other. Upon theix legges they weare bole of leather, 
with che ſurre five in ward, two oz hace paire on at once, and eſpectally che women. In ttoſe bole, 
they put their kutues, needles, and other things ncedefull to beart about. Ct ey put a bone within 
their bole, which reacheth from the fooce to the knee, whereupon they dʒaw their laid hoſe, and ſo 
n place of garters, they are holden from falling downe about their fette. 

Chey dꝛeſſe their ſkinnes very fofe and fouple with che haire on. In cold weather op inter, 


hey weare the furre five inward; and in Summer out ward. Other aypartll they haue none, but 


the laid Chinnes, 

bolt heaſtes, ſiſhes, and ſowles, which they kill, are their meate winke, apparcl,houles, bed · 
ning hoe, ſhooes, the d, and ſailes fop their boates, with many other nettſlarits, uherol they Rand 
in neede, and almoſt all their riches, 

Their houſes are tents, made of Seale Ching, pitched vp with 4. irre quarters, foure ſauare, per poures 
meeting at the toppe, and the frinnes ſewed together with finewes, and layd thercuponsthep are of Prat 
fo pitched vp that the entrance into them is alwales Boutb, oy againg the Dunne. en 

Chey baue other foptes of houſes, which we found, not to be inhabited, which are raiſed with 
ftones and CTAhale bones, and a ſkinne layd ouct them, to withſtande the raine, o other weather: 
the entrance ol them being not much unlike an Ouens mouth, whereco J thinke, they refoje fo) 
atime to ſiſhe, hunt, and foule, and fo leaue them vntill che next time they come thether as 


t. 

Their weapons are bowes arrowes artes, and ſlinges. There Lowes are ot wood, of a yard Chet wea· 
long. finewed on the back with trong ſinewes, not glucd too, but fall girded and tyed on. Their pons ot dettei. 
howe fringes are like wiſe ſinewes. Their arrowes are three pet tea, nocked with bone, and en · 
ded with bone, with thoſe two endes, and the wood in the nudoit, they paſſe not in length halle a 
pardo little moge. They are fethered with two feebers,the penne end being cutt away, and the ſe 
thers layd vpon the arrom with the broad five to the wood: in ſomuch that they ſeeme, when they 
netpes on, to baue fonre ſethers. Cbey haue likrwiſe thyer (opts ol beades to thole artowen: one abe lötgne 


{ox¢ of fone oz pron, proportioned like to a heart: the ſecond {opt of bone, much like vnto a ſtopte arrowss, 
lend with a booke on the Camerthe third fore of bone like wiſe, made ſharpe at both ſides, and (harp 

pointed They are not made verp faſt, but lighely tyed to, oꝛ elle (et in a nocke. that bpon ſmall oce 
kaſion, the arrowe leaueth theſe heads behinde them:and they are ol finall ſopce, except they be vee 

ty nete, when thep ſhaote. 

Their Darts are made of two ſoꝛts: tbe one with many foprkes of bones in the fore ende, and Two coytes 
llaewile in ebe middſt: their proportions are not much vnlike our toaſting prong, but longerꝛtheſe dates. 
they caf out of an inſtrument of wood, very readily. The other ſoꝛt is greater then the firſt alozc · 
fapd, with a long bone made Mary on both fives, not much vnlike a Rapicr, which J take to bee 
their moſt Gursfull weapon. 

They baue two fores of boats made ol leather, ſet out on the inner five with quarters of wood, Two lone et 
artificially tyed together with thongs ol the lame :the greater fort are not much vnlikt our wher · a Latpr. 
tles wher ein ſixteene oz twenty men may ſitte:they haue for a ſayle, dꝛeſt the guttes of ſuch beaſts 
tu they kill, very fine and chinne, which ihey ſewe togetherꝛthe other boate ts but foz one man to 
itte and rowe in, with one oare, 

Their oꝛder of ſiching, hunting, and fowling are with theſe ſayd weapons: but in what fort, cep va to 
n bom they vſe them, we haue no perfect knowledge as pet. — at 

A can ſuppoſe their above o7 hab: tation not to be here, fop that neither their houſts oꝛ apparel, t ie to be 
are ol luch force to withſtand che extremity of colde, that che tountrie (eemeth to be infected with per enet⸗ 
allinepther doe J ſee any ſigne likely to perfoyme the fame. ting is eil⸗ 

Thole houſes, o rather dennes, which Hand there, baue no ſigne of foot may, oz any thing elſe dere. 
troden, which is one of the chiefeſt tokens of habitation. And thoſe tentes, which they bring with 
them when they haue ſufficiently hunted and lilbed, tbey remoue to other places: and wben they 
haue ſufftently ſtoped them of ſuch victuals, as the country pelocth,op bꝛingeth fopeh,thep returne 
to their inter ſtations oꝝ habitations, Chis coniecture do I make, fo che infertilitie, which A 
derceiue to be in that countrie. 

Eber baue fome pron, whertol they make arrowe heads, kniues and other little indruments, n. Viet 
to wopke their boates bowes, artowes, and dattes withall, which are very vnapt to doe any thing 
vithall, but with great labour. 

A ſeemeth, that they haue conuerſation with Come * 11 % whom fo; n. — 

2 ou 


t 


— ̃ . a1 RE TR aes ete —˖—7—ßif, , 
629 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Martin Frobifher.2, 


~~ reteiue the ſame. Chep are greatly delighted wich anp ching that is Hight, o giueth a 
ound, 
TWibat knowledge they baue of God, oꝛ what Idol they adore, we baue no perfect intelligence, 
Anchropephagi. I chinke them rather Anthropophagi, j deuourers of mans ſleſb, then otherwiſe: fo that there 
is no lleſhe oz fithe , which they nde dend (ſmell it neuer fo filthilp) but they will eate it, ag 
— finde it, without anp other weſſing. A loathlome thing, either to the beholders, 9) 
carers. 


Signesof gow There is ne mance of creeping beat burtfull, except (ome Spiders (which, as manp affirme, - 
cure, 


are fignes of e xeat Rope of Gold:) and alſo certeine Ringing Onattes, which bice ſo ftercelp, that 
the place where they bite (hopelp after fwelleth,and itcheth very foe. : 
1 Chey make fignes of certaine people, that weare bright plates of gold in their fozheades and 
Pierre” other places of their boden. 
paw ee wipe The Countries, on both Hives the ſtreights, lye very high with rough ſlonie mounthines, and 
the <eunries great quantitie of ſnowe therton. Chere is very little plaine grounde, and no graſſe, except a lit 
cle, which is much like vnto moſſe that groweth on foft ground, ſuch as we get Curfesin, There 
is no wood at all. To be bꝛieſe, there is nothing fitte, 0) profitable fo the ble of man, which that 
Countrie with roote peeldeth oz byingeth fozth: o wbe it, chere is great quantity of Deere, whole 
ſkinnes are like vnto Aſſes, eheir heads op heꝛnes doe farre excet de, as well in length as alſo in 
breadth, anp in theſe our partes o; Countrie:their feete likewiſe, are as great as out oxens, which 
we mealured to be ſeuen q eight ynches in byeauch, Chere are allo pares, wolues, filhing beats, 
and Sea foule of ſundzy fortes, 

As the Countrie is barren and vnſertile, ſo are they ruse ¢ of no tapatitit to culture the fame, 
to any perfection: but ate contented by their hunting, ching, and fowling, with rawe fleſye and 
warme blood, to fatiffic their greedie panches, which is their onely glorie. 

A igne of There is great like lyhood of Carthquakes,op thunder: for that there are huge ¢ monſterous 
Abe. mounteines, wboſt greaten lubſtante are Mones, and thoſe ones fo fhaken with (ome extrany 
dinarte meanes, that one is ſeparated from another, which is diſcoꝛdant from al other Quarries, 
arturrg. but There are no rivers, op running (pringes, but ſuch, as through the heate of the Sunne, with 
Dinmedoery luch water as diſtendeth from the mountainen and billes, whercon great dyifts of ſnome doe lie, 
See are ingendbev. 

Myprodabitity, It atgueth alſo, that there ſbould be nome :fop that the earth, which with the extremitie of the 
thar there | linter, is fo fraſen within, that chat water, which ſbould haue tecourſe within the ſame, to main 
— wung en keine Spzings, hach nor his motion, whereof great waters haue their oziginall, as bp experience 
— we is ſeene other where. Such valleies, as are capable to recetue the water, that in the Su! mer 
, time, by the operation of the Sunne, deſcendeth from great abundance of (nowe, which contmu 
ally lyeth on the mountt eues, and bath no paſſage, unkethinto the earth, and fo vaniſheth away, 
without any runnell aboue the earth by which occaſlon, oz continual ſtanding of the laid water, the 
earth is opened, and the great froſt peldeth to the force thereof, which in other places, “oure o fue 
fathoms within the ground fo; lacke of the ſaid moyſture, tbe earch : (euen in the very Summer 
2 1 fo combineth the ones together, that (carcely instruments, wich great lente, 

can vnknit them. 

Allo, where the war rr in thoſe vallies can haut no (uch pallage away. by ß continuance of time, 
in ſuch oꝛder as is beloze rebearſed, the peerely deſcent fromthe mountaines, lilleth chem full, 
that at the lowen banke of the ſame, they fall into the next ballle, and ſo continue as ſiſbing ponds 
0} Stagnes in Summer time full of water, and in the Minter hard frofens as by ſkarrts, that 
remaine thereok in Summer ay eaſily be perceiued:ſo that, the heate of Summer, is nothing 
tomparable o; of fopce,to diſſolue the extren:itie ofcolde, that commeth in Ainter. 

Heuerthelelle, J am aſlured that belowe the force ofthe frolt, within the earth, the waters 
baue recourſe, and * nptie themlelues out of fight into the ſea, which though the extremitie of the 
frost are conſirapi. ed to doe the ſame: by which occaſion, the earth within is kept the warmer, 

A . preys haue cheirrecourle, which is the onelp uutriment of Golde and Minerals within 
the lame. 
There is muth to be laid of tbe tommodities of theſe Countries, which are couched within 
the boweis ol the earth, which J let poſſe till moze perfect triall be made thercol. 
un end of con⸗ (Thus coniecturing till time, with che tar neſt induſtrie of our Generall and others(who bpall 
tecruring till | mitigence remaine pꝛeſt to explope the truth of that which is bnexplopcd, as he bath to bis euerlu · 
ann ü. ting pꝛaiſe founde out that which is like to pecloe an innumerable benellte to his Prince and 

countrie) offer further triall, I conclude. ay 


. Mai 


— 

Che 23. ok! 
though not our 
pities as are be 
fell with the la 
to the Court fi 

Me lok out 
the fame mo 
Pyitowe, and 
mo men, one tt 
urge of the S 


Could declat 
we haue hen. 
ances of tem 
ftrange, but? 
fame, J haue: 


Countries: 
netue name giu 
Our Genera 
efdiuers Job! 


Che 27.0f¢ 
readineffe,che 
bers, and hopſe 
then and there 
mirall, whom! 
and were welc 
tall continued 
the voyage, vn 
mitting our fel 
trep, in ſuch lu 
the vtmoſt part 

And here it 
and ſpeake of o 
meeting of cers 
and Rouerssa 
ind fent him ay 

But becaul 
mentioning o 
fhippes now fa 
winde,fometi 
fopefayd monet 
and cragged la 
traggie rockes 
Bed with ſogg 


obifher.2, 


OC, on giueth a 


ct intelligente. 
ifesfor that there 
will eate it, as 
ders, 0} 


many afſirme, 


foftercelp, that 
r fopbeaves,ann 


nountdines, and 
alle, except a lit⸗ 
Lurkts in. Chere 
nan, which that 
of Deere, whole 
ength as alſo in 
ur oxens, which 
s, liſbung beares, 


ulture the ſame, 
tawe flefhe and 


ge ¢ montterous 
ch ſome excraoys 
ther Quarries, 
be Dunne, with 
of ſnowe doe lie, 


xtremitie of the 
ye ſame, to main · 
as by experience 
in the Auer 
, which continus 
vaniſheth away, 
be laid water, the 
ces, “oure op Aue 
e very Dummer 
with great force, 


inusnce of time, 
lilleth chem full, 
28 fiſbing ponds 
by fkarves , that 
mmer, is nothing 


er. 

arti, the waters 
extremitie of the 
ept the warmer, 
Minerals within 


e touched within 
f, 
thers (who by all 


ath to bis euerlu· 
bis Prince and 


4 — 4 —— 
M. Martin Frobiſher 3. of theIEngliſh nation. 630 


—— —— ————— 

Che 23. ok Auguſt, alter we had ſatiſlied our mindes with iraight (ufficient ſoꝛ our veſlc ls, Sup pes lattt 
though not our couctous dc ſires, with ſuch knowledge of the countrey, people. and other cemmo· fed with burs 
vities as ate befope rthearſed, the 24. thertof we departed there henct: the 17. ol September we nen mens 
fell with the lands end of England, and fo to Milfoꝛd Hauen, from whence our Gene rall rode conrenceo. 
tothe Court fo) onder, to what Pojte oy Hauen to conduct the ſbippe. — onal 

Me lok our two Barkes in the way homeward, ehe one, the 29. of Auguſt, tcbe other, the; 1. counmries. 
ofthe fame moneth, by octaſion of great tempeũ and foggt. Howden , Oos relored the ont to Veiner” 
Ppittowe,and the other making his courſe by Scotland, to Mermouth. Inthis QAopage we loft Jo 
women, one in the way by Gods viſitation, and the other homewarde ca ouer bopde with a rpeiette renas 
ſurge of the Sea. — .. 


Could declare vnto the Reavers , the Latitude and Longitude of fuch places and regions, as ene tonciu⸗ 

we haue hene at, but not altogether fo perfectly as our matters and others, with manp cirtum. on. 
Gances of tempeſts and other atcidents incident to Sea faring men, which ſeeme not altogether 
Grange, but J let them pale to their repoztes as men moſt apt to fet footh and declare the 
fame, J haue alſo left the names of the Countries on boch the ſhozes vntouchtd, for lacke of vn · 
derſtanding the peoples language: as alſo fog ſundyy reſpects, not needfull as pet to bee de. 
clared, 

Countries newe explozed, where commoditie is to be looked fo, doe better accopde with a 
newe name giuen by the explozers, then an vncertaine name by a doubtfull Authour. 

Our General named ſundzy Iſlands, Mountaines, Capes, and Harbozoughs after the names 
ofdiucrs Noble men, other gentlemen his friends, as wel on the one hoe, as alſo on the other. 


The third and laſt voyage into Meta Incognita, made by 


M. Martin Frobifher , in the yeere 1578. MVritten 
by Thomas Ellis. 
Hefe are to let you knowe, that vpon the 25. ol May the Thomas Allen, being 
Uiceadmirall, whofe Captaine was M. Vorke, M. Gibbes Maſter, M. Chri- . 
ftopher Hall Pilot, accompanied with the Reareadmiral named the Hopewel, dender 
whofe Captaine was M.Henrie Carewe, the M.Andrewe Dier, and certaine — 
8 y other ſbippes, came to Oraueſend, whert we ankred and abode the comming — cu 
of tertaine other of our Flecte, which were not pet come. Andiew Wier. 
Che 27. ol the fame moneth, our Flecte being nowe come together, and all things preft in a 
readineſſe, the winde fauouring, and cide feruing we being of fatles in nomber eight, waied ane 
lets, and hopſed our failes toward Har wich, to meete with our Admirall, and the reſibue, which garwich. 
then and there above our arriuall: where we lafelv arriued the 28. thereot, finding there our Ad: 
mirall, whom we, with the diſcharge of certaine pieces, ſaluted (accopding to onder and duetie) 
and were welcomed with the like courtelie: which being finiſhed, we landed: where our Genes 
tall continued muſtring his Souldiers and Miners, and ſetting things in opder apperteining to 
the voyage, vntill the laſt of the ſayd moneth of May, which day we boyſed our failes, and coms 
mitting our felues to the conducting of Almigbtie God, we fet fo ward toward the elt coun: 
trep, in ſuch luckie wile, and good lucteſſe, that by the fift of June, we paleo the Durſies, being Borde. 
the vtmoſt part of Ireland, to the Meltward. * 
And here it were not much amiſſe, nop farre from our purpoſe, if I ſpould a litle vifcourfe 
ind ſpeake of our aduentures and chances by the way, as our landing at Plymmouth , as alſo the vy mmouth . 
meeting of certaine pooze men, which were robbed and ſpopled of all that they had, by Pirates 
ind Rouers:amongſt whom was a man of Byiſtowe, on whom our General vſed his liberalitie, aun 
and ſent bim awap with letters into England. 
But becauſe ſuch things are impertinent to the matter, J will returne (without any more 
mentioning of the ſame ) to that, from the which J haue digrelled, and ſwarutd, J merane our 
thispes now failing on the ſurging Seas, ſometime polling at pleafure with a wiched Caſterne 
binde, ſometime hindered of our courſe againe by the Neſterne blaſtes, vntill the 20. day of the 
fopefayd moneth of June, on which day in the moyning we fell with Frizeland, which is a very hie #risclarw. 
and cragged laus, and was almoſt cleane couered with ſnowe, fo that we might fee nought but 
traggie rockes, and the tops of high and huge hilles, ſometimes (and fo) the moſt part) all toue⸗ 
ted with loggie miſtes. There might we r great Illes of pee lying on che * 
3 t 


Che conrtefie 
of our Denes 
rali. 


Maſter Kens 
derſuue. 
Vartholo⸗ 
mew Bull. 


The hie hnel. 
A 

e . 
Apartes Jack · 
man, 


he Conntefle 


Oi entrance 
@ paſſage, qc. 


ark Dionpſ 


631 The voyages and difcoueries A. Martin Frobi er.. 


— — eanasmis’ 
like mounta ines, ſome (mall, ic me big, of dun ip kindes ot apes , and ſuch a number of them 
that we could not come neere the Goze fo) them. 5 

Thus Catling alongt che coat, de the latt we ſawe a place ſome what voydt of pee, where our 
General, (accompanicd with certaine other) went a ſboare, where they fawe certaine tente 
made ol beatts ſ kins, and boats much like vn /o theirs ol Meta incognita. The tents were furs 
nithed with fleth, At, Chins, and other trilles : amongſt the which was founda boxe of nailts: 
wherebp we did coniet ture. that they had either Artiicers among d them, oz els a traffike with 
ſome other nation. The men ranne awap, fo that we could haue no conference 0} communica 
tion with them. Our Generall(becaule he would haue them no moye to flee, but rather encou⸗ 
raged to Rap tinough his courtcoug dealing) gaue commaundement , that his men Would tale 
nothing away with them, fauing onely a couple of white Dogs, fo) which he lefe pins, popnts, 
kniucs, and other trifling things, and departed, without talung oz hurting any ching, and ſo 
came a boyd, and hopſed faples, aud paſſed fo war ds. 

But being ſcarſe out of the fight thereol, there fel ſuch a ſogge and hidious miſt, chat we couly 
not {ce one another: whereupon we Aroke our duns, and founded our trum:ces , to the ende 
ue might heepe together: and ſo continued all that day and night, till the next day, that the mil 
hake by: fo that we might eallly perceiue all the (hips thus ſapling together all chat day, vn⸗ 
till che next dap, being the 22. of the ſame: on which day wee fawe an infinite number ol pee, 
from the which we calt about to hun the danger thereof, 

But one of our mall Barkes, named the Michael, whole Captaine was Maſter Kinderllie, 
the Batter Bart olomewe Bull, loſt our companie, inſomuch that we could not obteine the light 
of her manp capes after, of whom J meane to ſpeake further anon, when occafion wall be ming 
ſtred, and oppoꝛtuuitie ſerue. Thus we continued on our courſe, vneill the ſecond ok Tulp, on 
which day we fell with the Queenes fozeland, where wee ſawe fo much pce, that we thoughtu 
vnpoſſibie to get into the Straights: yet at the la we gaue the aduenture, and entered the yee, 

Being in amongſt it, we fawe the Michacl, of whoine I ſpake before , accompanied with the 
ludith, whofe Captaine was Maſter Fenton, the Baer Charles Iackman, bearing into the 
fozeſayd pte, farre diſtant from vs, who in a Rope that fell, that prefent nigbt, (whereof J will 
at large, God willing, diſcourſe hereafter) were ſeuered from vs, and being in, wandyrd vp and 
Downe the Btraights, amongſi the pee, many dayes, in great perill, till at che laſt, (by the proud 
denct ok God) they tame lalely to harbop in their wilhed Pohte, in the Counteſſe or Wiarwicks 
ſound the 20. ol July afozefapo, ten dapes before anp of the other ſbippes: who going on ſhoate 
found where the people of the Countrey bad bene, and bad hid their prouifion in great beapes of 
ſtones, being both of fleſh, and ſiſh, which they hav killed: whereof we alſo found great ftope ino · 
ther places after our arriuall. They found allo diuers engins, as bowes, ſlings, and darts. They 
found like wiſe certaine pieces of the Pinneſſe which our Gene rall left there the peere before, 
which Pinne ſle he bad ſoonke, minding to haue it againe the next peere. 

Nowe, ſeeing Jhaue entreated fo much ofthe ludich, and the Michael: I will returne to the 
reſt ol the other ſhippes, and wil fpcake a litt le of the ſtoꝛme which fell, with the miſhays that we 
had, the night that we put into the pees whereof J made mention before, 

At the fir entrie into che pee, in the mouth of the Seraights, our pallage was very narrowe, 
and dillicill: but being once cotter in, we had a fappe open place without any pee, for the mot 
part: being a league in compaſle, the pce being round about vs, and incloſing vs, as it wert 
within the pales of a parke. In which place, bet auſe it was almoſt night we minded to take in 
our faples and lie a hull all that night. But the forme ſo increaſed, and the waues begann to 
mount aloft which bꝛought the pee fo neere vs, and comming on fo fa vpon vs, that we were 
faine to beate in and out, where we might eſpie an open place. Thus the pee comming on vs fo 
fait, we were in great danger, looking euery houre fo) death. And thus palled we on in that great 
danger, ſeeing both our felues, and the reft of our thips fo troublen and tolſed amongſt the pee, 
that it would make the ſtrongeſt heart to relent. 

At che laſt, the Barke Dionyle, being but a weake thip, and lnuſed afore amongll the pee, bee 
ing fo leake that the no longer could tarr y aboue p water, fanke without ſauing any of the goods 
which were within her: which ſight fo abaſhed the whole Fleete, tuat wee thought verily wee 

ſbould haue taſted of the lame ſauce. But neuertheleſſe, we ſeeing them in ſuch danger, manned 
our boates, and ſaued all the men, in ſuch wile, that not one periſhed, (God be thanked, ) 

The ſtozme Millincreafed,and the pee incloſed bs, that wee were faine to * top and 
top maſtes: fo; the pce had fo enuironed vs, that we tould fee neither land, nop fea, as farre as 
we could kenne: ſo that we were laine to cut our cables, to hang ouer bopve fo; lenders, pe 


2 


M. Na 


what to eaſe t 
fome fending 
piatly with t 
from the thips 
that not onely 
ſhips, that it v 
Thus cont 
fo} inſtant dea 
although bee 
and the ſogge 
ttiue, about a 
of winde, wh 
vs then we de 
lreſh gale at 
he added moge 
after puniſhm 
Thus we i 
God for our d 
feeing that ne 
phon J fpat 
bulting off an 
get into the 2 
And as we 
palled all the 
water, and we 
{core fathoms 
 Alfo the & 
the lame: for 
faple, and to c 
wet of the Q 
ous fogge hau 
lagge the tent 
of Byidge wat 
The firccer 
beare in with 
trey, which ( 
then foules, ¢ 
they had ſmal 
Then wel 
tame by two 
Wwe ſawe none 
we were at th 
tunne on rock 
vs, opening tt 
ly were, and a 

tockes. 
Ahen we 
(God be than 
but the fogge 
Then the! 
tocks, ſtrool 
as pet had not 
till the next m 
ue notice th 
which they di 
Then hauen 
and keeping o 
vp and 


— 


robi er. 3. 


number of them, 


f pee, where dur 
certaine tentes 
tents were furs 
a boxe of nailts: 
Satraffike with 
0} Communica 
ut rather encous 
men ſwould cake 
eft pins, poynts, 
np thing » and ſo 


tf, chat we could 
tts, to the ende 
day, that the mi 
ll that day, tne 
number ol pte, 


after Kinderflie, 
obteine the fight 
ion ſhall be mins 
tond of Tulp, on 
hat we thought it 
entred the pee, 

npanied with the 
bearing into the 
(whereof J will 
„ wandyed vp and 
alt, (by the pꝛoui⸗ 
ſe of Tiarwicks 
o going on fhoare 
n great beapes of 
nD great ſtope ino · 
and darts. They 
the peere before, 


ill recurne to the 
miſhaps that we 


ng very narrowe, 
pee, fo the mot 
g vs, as ic were 
ninded to take in 
paues beganne to 
8, that we were 
bitining on vs ſo 
e on in that great 
anongé the pee, 


ongſl the pee, bee 
Fanp ofthe goods 
dugbt verily wee 
danger, manned 
anke d.) 

Downe top and 
kra, as farrt as 
2 fenvers , lome 

what 


what to eaſe the Mippes fides, from the great aid dʒitie ſtrokes of the pee: Come Capttan bartes, 
fome fending off with oarts, ſome with plancks ol two ynches thicke, which were bꝛoken imme · 
natly with the force of the pce,fome going out vpon the pee to beare it off with their ſhaulders 
from the ſhips. But the rigodouſneſſe ol the tempeſt was (uch, and the forceof the pce ſo great, 
that not onely they burt aud ſpoyled the fopefapd pꝛouiſton: but like wiſe fo raſed che lides of the 
lips, that it wan pitifull to beholde, and cauſed the bearts of many to faint. 

Thus continued we all that diſmal and lamentable nig bt, plunged in this perpleritic looking 
in inſtant deathꝛbut our God,(inho neuer leaueth them dellitute which lachlully call vpon hin:) eons pio 
ilchough bee often puniſbeth, fo; amendments fake, in the morning cauſed the windes to ccaſe: mr. 
in the forge, which all that night lay on the face of the water, to cleare: lo that wet migbt per: 
teiue, about a mile fromm vs, a certaine place cleare from any pte, to the which with an eaſie breath 
of winde, which cur God ſent vs, we bent our ſelues. And furthermoze, hee pꝛouided better fo; 
vs chen we deſerued, op hoped fo: fo when we were in the foyteſayd cleare plate, hee ſent vs a 
lreſh gale at CTleſt, oz at Tick South weſt, which fee vn cleare without all the pce, And further, 
he added moze : fo he ſent vs fo pleaſant a dap, as the like we had not of a long tune befoze, as 
after puniſhment, conſolation. 

Thus we topfull wightes, being at libertie, cooke in all our ſailes, and lay a hull, pꝛayling 
God for our deliuerance t and ſtayed to gather together our Fleete: which once being done, wee 
ſering that none of them had any great hurt, neither anp of them wanted, fauing onely they of 
whom J ſpake befoge. and the Hip which was loft, then at the laſt we hoiſed our ſailes, and lay 
bulting off and on, till fuch time as it would pleaſe God to take away the vee, that wee might 
get into the Straights. 

And as we thus lap off and on, we tame by a marueilous huge mountaine of rte, which furs A mountame 
palled all the red that euer wee ſawe: for wee iudged it to be neere foure (cope lathoms aboue I 
water, and we thought it to be a ground for any thing that wee coulde perceiue, being there nine figures. 
ſcoze fathoms deepe, and of compaſſe about halle a mile. 

Alſo che Aft of July, there fell a hidious fogge and miſt, that continued till the nineteenth of 1 tog of tong 
the lame: ſo that one ſhippe could not ſee another, Therefore we were faine to beare a mall somnance, 
faple, and to obſerue the time: bur there ran ſuch a currant of Tide, that it fee va to the Noꝛth · 
wet of the Qucenes foreland, the backſide of all the Straights : where (through the contagt⸗ 
ous fogge hauing no fight either of Sunne oz Starre) we ſcarſe knew where we were, In this 
lagge the tenth of Julp, wee loſt che compante of the Uiceadnurall, the Anne Francis, the Buſſe 
of Bꝛidge water, and the Francis of Foy, 

The lixteenth day, one of our mall Barks, named the Gabriel. was ſent by our Generall to Che saber. 
beare in with the land, to veſcrie it, where being on land, they met with the people of the Couns 
rey, which feemed very humane and ciuill , and offered co traff:ke with our men , protering d. — 
chem foutes, and fking,fop kiniues, and other triſles: whofe courteſie cauſed vs to chinke, that wah be“ 
they had ſmall conuerfation with the other of the Straights. 

Chen we bare backe againe to goe with the Queenes foreland: and the eighteenth day wee 
tame by two Illands, whercon we went on ſhoare, and found where che people had bene: but 
we ſawe none of them. This day we were againe inthe pee, and like to be in as great perill as 
we were at the firſt. For though che darkenes and obſcuritie of the loggie mutt, we were almoſt 
tunne on rockes and Fil mos, beſoze we ſawe then: But God euenmiraculoullp, pꝛouided for 
vs opening the logges, that we might fee clearely, both where, aud in what danger we pꝛelent⸗ 
ly — alſo the wap to cſcape: opels , without kale, wee had ruinouflp runne vpon the 
tockes. 

Ahen we kne we perfectly our inſtant caſe, we c aſt about. to get againe on Sea boꝛde whieh 
(God be thanked hy night we obteine b and pꝛolled Soo. Che cleare continucd ſcat ſe an houte, 
but the forme fell againe as thicke as euer it was. 

Then che Neareadmirall, and the Beare got them felues cleare without danger of yce and 
tocks, ſtroohe their ſayles, and lay a hull, Raping to haue the vett of che F lecte come forth; which 
as pet had not found the right way to cleare themlelues from the danger of rockes and pce, vn · 
till the next moming, at what time the Reareadmurall diſchargeu certaine warning pieces to Warning pier 
nue novice that fhe had efcaped, and that the reit ( by kollowung ol ber) might fee themlelues free, age char 
which they did that day. geb. 

Then Haung gathered our lelues together we motecded on our pueyoled voyage, bearing off, 
and kee ping our ſe lues diſtant kram the coaſt, till thæ 19. hay of Gulp: at which tune the forges 
bake vp anv dilperled, lo that wee might plainelp aud clearcly beholde the pleafant bin 
whie 


—— —— —— — — — — 
633 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Martin Frobifher3. 


— — 11üm—é— ———ũ——̃— — — LLL ͤ —wæmàäüũé— 

which fo long had bene taken from vs, by the obſcuritie of the loggie miſtes: and alter that tune, 
we were not much encombjed thercwith, vntill we had ics the confines of the countrey. 

Bite: CTben be: efpping a Fayre found, ſuppoled it to go into the Btragben, Letweene the Queenes 

Miieenes fore ſoheland, ¢ Jackmans ſound, which proucd,as we imagined. Foz our Oenerall ſe nt foꝛth againe 

— and. the Gabriel, to diſtouer it, who paſſed though with much difficultpsfo> there ran ſuch an extreme 

turrant ofa tide, wich fo horrible a gulfe, that with a freſh gale of winde they were (carfe able 

to ſtemme it: pet at the length with great trauaile they palled it, and came to the Drraights, 

where ey met with the Thomas Allen, the Thomas of Jpfwich , and the Buſſe ol Bridges 

water: who all together aduentured to beare into the pce againe, to fee if they could obteing 

theit wiſhed Porte, But they were fo encombzed, that with much difficultie they wert able to 

get out againe, pet at the lall they eſtaping, the Thomas Alline, and the Gabriel bare in with the 

THetterne Kore, where they found harbour, and there moared their ſhippes, vntill the fourth of 

Auguſt, at which time they tame to vs in the Counteſſe of TAarwicks found, The Thomas of 

Jyſwich caught a great leahe, which tauſed her to ca againe to Bea bond, and fo was mended. 

Te failed along ill by the coall, vntil we came to the Queenes fopeland,at the point wheres 
ot we met with part of the gulſe aforefapd, which place oz Pap (as ſome of our Watters vo cre · 
dibly report) doeth flowe nine houres, and ebs but three. At that point wee vilcouered certaine 
lands Southwarde, which neither time nop oppoztunitie woulde ferue to ſcarch. Then bes 
ing come to the mouth of the Straights, we met with the Anne Francis, who bad laine bulting 
vp and Downe euer fince her departure alone, neuer finding any of her companie. Tce met then 
alfo the Francis ol Fop, with whome againe we intended to venter and get in: but the pce was 
ret ſo thicke, that we were compelled againe to retyꝛe and get vs on Sea boꝛde. 

An perritie Chere fell alfo che fame day, being the 26. of July, ſuch an hozrible Mowe, that it lay a foore 
Ju. n thicke vpon the hatches, which frofe as fal as it fell, 

g e had alfo at other times, diuers cruell fopmes, both of ſnowe and haile, which manifellly 
declared the diſtemperature of the Countrep: pet for all that we were ſo many times repulſed 
and put backe from our purpoſe, knowing that lingering delay was not profitable fords, but 
hurtkull to our voyage, we mutualp conſented to our valiant Geuerall once againe, to giue the 
onſet. 

The 28. day eherefore of the fame July we aſlaped, and with little trouble (God be prapfer) 
we paſſed the Dangers, by day light. Then night falling on the face of the eat th, we hulled in the 
cleare, til the cheart full light of the day had chaſed away the noyſome darttenes of the night: at 

che tune of luhich time we fer fo ward to wat ds our wiſhed poꝛt: by the 3 o. day we obteined our expected de ⸗ 
Made. fice, where we found the Iudich, and the Michael: which bought no ſmall iop vnto the Gene: 
rall, and great conſolation to the haute hearts of thoſe wearicd wights. 

The zo. day of July we hroughe our hips into tye Counteſſe of Tarwicks ſound, and mos · 
ted them, namely chefe ſhips, the Admirall, the Neareadmir al, the Francis of Fop, the Beare, Ar · 
menel, the Salomon, and the Bufle of Bylog water: which being done, our Generall commaun⸗ 
ded vs all to come a ſhoze, vpon the Counteſſe Jland, where he let bis Piners to woke vpon the 
Mine, giuing charge with expedition to vifpatch with their lading. 

Our Generall himlelfe, accompanies with his Gentlemen, diuers times made rodes tito 
ſundyp partes of the Countrey, as well to finde new Mines, as alſo to finde out and fee the pro 
ple of the Countre v. De found out one Mine, vpon an Illand by Beares found, and named it the 

Che Ceunteſte Counteſſe of Duſſex Iſland. One other was found in Winters Fopnace, with diuers others, 
dad. ür 3? to which the Mhips were ſent ſunderly, to be laden. In the fame roves hee met with diuers of the 
Winters For people ok the Countrey, at ſundyy tim es, as once at a place called Dauids found: who fhot at 
Pande ſound. bur men, and very deſperately gaue them the onſet, being not aboue three 07 foure in number, 
there being of our Countrey men aboue a doſen: but ſeeing themſelues not able to pꝛeuaile, they 
tooke themſelues to flight: whom our men pur ſued, but being not vſed to uch craggy clifſes they 
ſoone lott the fight of them, and fo in vaine returned. 
Thepaticieof Ile allo ſaw of them at Veares ſound, bolh by Den and land, in great campanics : but they 
8 wou d at all times keepe the water betwene them and vs. And if any ok our thips chancen to be 
felues, in the found,(as they came diuers times) becaule p harboz was not very good, the hip laded,t de 
parted againe:then fo long as any (hips were in ſigbt, the people would not be feene, But when 
as the y perceinen the (hips to be gone. they would not only thew themſelues ſauding vpon high 
cliffes, and call vs to come ouer vnto themibut alſo would come in their botes very ncere to vs. 
as it we re to bag at vs: whereof our Oenerall hauing aduertiſement, ſent foz the Captane 


and Gentlemen of the hippes, to accompanie and attende vpon him, with the Captalne * 


A. Mart 


ofthe Anne Fran 
ung lof vs be 
they found good 
gowe we had all 
(who compelled 
out lading. 
Our Genera 
the Counteſle of 
ind went ou 
in hal left certai 
could not finde, 
Che next mo 
theſe to them in 
neere vnto them 
their cunning a 
ching, our Een 
bond wit hour 
in:fop often {nov 
inthe mozning v 
igacalme and ft 
papof Augult 
But befope J 
Iwill turne my 
inhabited all the 
that neither fear 
perature of fo v 
ewe of fuch an 
neither regardt 
lile( a thing of a 
tobe of fufficien 
haue pꝛolited che 
ind ſingular m 
and vnciuill peo 
manifold and in 
ſo many cafuale 
Therſites afton 
ferue fpeciall co 
withſtood their 
Foy the Bark 
and ſhould haue 
witch, which ha 
fee ber, Since tb 
cauleg hauing t 
and therefore le 
But before we 
and garniſbed it 
onbopfebacke a 
entice the peop! 
Thus hain 
the Bulle had n 
meant while, tl 
m outragious t 
uailed nought: 
great ondnes ¢ 
danger was me 
not anp one thi 
bles, fome bot. 
This bopſtr 


) obiſberz. 


alter that tune, 


nt fozth againt 
uch an extreme 
ere (carte able 
be Dtraights, 
ſſe ol By 

could obteing 
ep were able to 
bare in with the 
ll the fourth of 
be Thomas of 
o was mended, 
he point wheres 
Paſters do cre. 
ouered certaine 
arch, Then be 
dlalne buleing 
Ne met then 
but the pce was 


at it lay a foote 


bich manifettlp 
times repulſed 
ble fords, but 
ine, to giue the 


Jod be pꝛayſtd) 
we hulled in the 
ok the night: at 
ur expected de⸗ 
vnto the Genes 


found, and nod 
the Beare,Ar- 
rall commaun⸗ 
woꝛke vpon the 


jade rodes into 
and fee the pros 
nd named it the 
Divers others, 
h diuers of the 
d: who thot at 
ure in number. 
o pꝛeuaile, they 
op cliffes,chep 


nics : but they 
8 chance to be 
(hip laden, x de 
ene. But when 
ving vpon high 
rp ncere to va, 
the Captaine 
Captalne * 
0 


I. Martyn Fvobiſber. 3. of the Englifh nation. 


ofthe Anne Francis, who was but the night before come vnto vs. Sor they, and the flecbote ha · 
ung lot vs he 26. dap, in the great ſnowe, put into an harbour in the Queeues fozeland, where 
thep found good arc, wherewith they laded themſeluts, and came to ſeeke the General: ſo that 
gowe we had all our ſbippes, ſauing one Barke, which was loſt, and the Thomas of | pſewiche, 
(who compelled by what futie J know not,)foplooke our companie, and returned home with · 


out lading. 
Our General accompanied, with his Gentlemen, (of wbome J fpake) came altogether to 
the Counteſle of Oulſex Illand, neere to Beares ſound: where he manned out certaine Pinniſ⸗ 


(es, and went ouer to the people: who perceiuing bis arriuall, fledde away with all ſpeede, and ua. 


in batt lelt 8 dartes and other engines behind them, which we found: but the people wee 
could not finde, 

Che next mayning our General perceiuing certaine of them in bote vpon the Dea, gaue 
chale to them, in a Pinniſſe vnder laile, with a freſh gale of winde, but could by no meanes tome 
neere vnto them: fo the longer he ſailed, the further off he was from them: which well ſbewed 
their cunning and actiuitie. Thus time wearing awap, and the Dap of our departure appꝛo⸗ 
ching, our Generall commanded to lade with all expedition, that wee might be againe on Sea 
pooyd with our ſbip: fo; whileſt we were in the countrie, we were in continual danger of frecling 
n io often {now and halle often the water was ſo much frofen and congealed in the nigbt, that 
inche moꝛning we could ſcarte rowe our boates op Ninniſſes, efpeciallp in Diers found, which 
lu calme and ſtill water: which cauſed our Gener all to make che moze hafte, ſo that by the 30, 
dap ol Auguſt we were all laden, and made all things teadie to Depart, 


But befope J proceede anp further herein, to (ewe what foztune befell at our departure, —.—— 
Iwill turne my penne a litle to M. Captaine Fenton, and thole Gentlemen, which ſhould haue mpavicen eye 


inhabited all the peere in thoſe countries, whole valiant mindes were much to bee commended, 
that neither feare of foꝛce, no che cruel nipping ſtoꝛmes ofthe raging winter, neither the inten 
perature of fo vnhealthlull a country, neither the ſauageneſſe of the people. neither the fight and 
ewe ol ſuch and fo manp ſtrange Meteozes, neither the deſire to returne to their nat ue ſoile, 
neither regarde of friendes neither care of polſleſſions and inheritances: finally, not the loue of 
lile( a thing of all other mot werte / neither the terrour of dꝛeadlull death it ſelfe, might ſeeme 
tobe of fufficient ſoꝛce, to withdzawe their pꝛoneſſe, oz to reſtraine from that purpoſe, thereby to 
haue pꝛolited their coũtry:but that with moſt willing hearts, venturous minds, Uout ſtomacks, 
ind ſingular manhood they were content there to haue carried fo; the time, among a barbarous 


and vncluill people, Jnſidels and miſcreants to haue made their dwelling, not terriſied with the Beſerued 


manifold and imminent dangers whichebep were like to runne into: and leeing befoze their eyes 
ſo many caſualties, whereto their life was obiect, the leat whercol would haue made amilkfop 
Therſites aſtoniſbed and vtterly diſcomſited: being J ſay thus minded and pur poſed, they des 
ſerue ſpeciall commendation : fo) doubtleſſe, they had done as they intended, if lucke had not 
withood their willing ne ſſe, and if that foztune had not ſo frowned vpon their intents. 

F03 the Barke Dionyſe, which war ‘of, had in her much of their houſe, which was pꝛepared 
and ſhould haue ben builded fo; eien, with many other implements, Alſo the Thomas of lpſe· 
witch, which had moſt of their pꝛouiſion in her. came not into the Streights at al: neither did we 
fee her, lnce the day we were leparated in the great ſnow. (ol which J ſpeake before.) Foy the ſe 
cauleg baring not their houſe, noz pet pꝛouiſion, they were vifapointed ol their pretence to tarie, 
and therefore laded their ſhips, and fo came away with vs. 

But befoze we tooke ſhipping, we builded a litle houſe in the Counteſſe of TTlar wicks Illand, 


and garniſbed it with many kinds of trifles, as Pinnes, Boinis, Laces, Olaſſes, Rombes, Babes then w 
onhopfebacke and on foote, with innumerable other ſuch fanfies and topes: thereby te allure and verte e. 


entice the people to ſome familiaricie againſt other peres, 

Thus hauing Antthed all things we departed the countrie, (as J ‘aide before: ) but bet auſe 
the Bulle had not lading enough in her, the put into Beares found co take in a litle mope, In the 
Meane while, the Amirall, and the reſt, without the Sea, Maped for ber. And that night fell ſuch 
n outtag ious tempe /, beating on aur ſhips, with ſuch vehement rigop, that anchoz and cable a: 
wailed nought: fo we were dꝛiuen on rockes and Illandes of pee, thfomych that (had not the 
great goodnes of Bov bene miraculouſiy ſhewed to vs,) we had bene caſt auay cuery man. This 
danger was moge houbtful and terrible, then any that preceeded oz went hefoze : for there was 
not anp one hippe, (J thinke) that elcapen without damage. Dome lott ancho; and allo gas 
bles, lome botes, ſome inniſles ꝛſome anc hoꝛ.gables, botes, and Pinniſles. 


This bopſtrous ſtoʒme fo ſeuered vs one from another, that one ſhippe kne ur not * was 
ecome 


ing 


— —— ——— ͤ— aE 
635 The voyagesanddifcoueries Thomas Wiars, 


become of anotyer, Che adnurail knew not where to finde the cuceadmit aii op Neat eadmua 
oz any other {hip of our : ampanie. Dur Generall being on land in Beares ſound could not come 
to his ippe, but was compelled to goe a boopde the Gabpiel, where hee continued all the twa 
bome ward: los the box ſterous blaſtes continued fo extteamely and ſo long a time, that iu (ent 
vs home warde (which was Gods fauour towardes vs) will we, nill we, in ſuch halte, as nota⸗ 
np one of vs were able to kee pe in companic of other, but were ſeparated. And il by chaunte a, 
np one hip did suertake other, bp ſwiftneſſe ol ſaile, o mette (as they often did: ) pet was theti 
— of ie winde lo hidious, that they coulde not continue companic together the (pace of one 
nigbt. 

Thus our lournep outwarde was not ſo pleaſaunt, but our comming tbither entering the 
toaſtes and countrie, by narrow ſtreigbts. perilous pce, and ſwift tives our times ol aboade there 
in ſnowe, and ſtoꝛmes, and our departure from thente, the 3. of Auguſt, with daungerous blues 
ting windes and tempeſts, which that night aroſe, was as vncomfoptable : ſeparating vs (0, ag 
we failed, that not anp of vs met together, until the 28, ol September, which day we fell onthe 
Englithe coaſtes, betweene Sylley and che landes ende, and paſſed the channell, vntill our aro 
riual, in the riuer ol Thames. 


The report of Thomas Wiars, paſſenger in the Emanuel, o- 
therwiſe called the Buffe of Bridgewater, wherein lames 
Leeche was Maſter, one of the fhippes in the laſt 
voyage of Maſter. Martin Frobifher, 157 8. 
concerning the diſcouerie of a great I- 
ſland in their way homeward the 
12. of September. 


ry be Oulle of Brisgewater, was let in Bears founde at Vera ineognita, the 
e ſccond dap of September behinde che Flecte,in ſome diſtre fle, though much 
uude ryding nete the Lee ſhoart, and fozecd there to ride it out vpon the ber 
ud or ber cables and ankers, which were all aground but two. The thirdt of 

2 eytember being appre weather, and the wind Nozth noꝛthwelt (ye ſet fayle, 

“and departed chence and fell with Frifland, on the 8. day cf September, at 6, 

ofthe clocks at night, and then they (ct off from the Douthweſt popnt of Frifland, the tinde 
being at Caf, aud Eaſt ſoutbeaſt, but that night the winde vearcd Doutherly, and ſhiſted olten⸗ 
times that nigbt: but on the tenth dap in the moꝛning, be wind at welt nozthweſt fapye weather, 
they ſteered ſouthe alt, and by ſouth, and cont nued that courfe vntill the 12. day of Deptember, 
wben about 11. a clocke before noone, they deſcryed a lande, which was from them about fue 
leagues, and the Southermoſt part of it was Southeaſt by Eat from them, and the Nopther⸗ 
moll next, Noth Nontheaſt, op Maptheaſt. The mater accompted that Friſland, the South 
taſt poynt of it, was from him at that inſtant, when bee lirſt deſcryer this ne we Illand, Nofth⸗ 
welt by Month, 30. leaguts. Chey account this Illand to be a 5. leagues long, and che longett 
wap ofit Southeaſt, and Nozthweſt. Che Boutherne part of it is in the latitude of 57. degttes 


bot aud 1, ſecond part, 07 thereabout. Thep continued in light of it, fromthe 12. day at 11, of the 
of 57.begrees tlocke, till the 13 day tinte of the clocke in the after noone, when they left it: and the laf part 


they ſaw of it, bare from them, Nothwelt by Month. Chere appeared two harbozoughs vpon 
that toaſt: the greateſt of chem ſeuen leagues to the Nozthwardes of the Houtbermoſt popnt, 
the other but foure leagues. Chere was berie much yce neere the fame lande, and allo 1wentie 
oz thittie leagues from it, foꝭ tbey were not cleare v pte, till che 15. day of September, after 
noone, They plied their voyage home wars, and fell with the wen pait of Arc land about Gal- 
way, and had firtt fight ol iton the 25 wap of September, 


Notes 


M. Hak! 
Notes fr 


Mire, 2 
e 


and by trade of 
bed by want o 
fee, and {0 wil 
Mpaniards, b 
price becomes 
ken in bande, 
And by tra 
commoditic, 2 
chat the natur 
for the fame, 
fapply of the 
Such nau 
ter with forre 
And fo) th 
lumdeth a ma 


—— 
mas Wars, 


en d, 
und, could not come 
tinued all the way 
a ume, that it (eng 
ſuch halle, as nota 
nd if by chauntt a 
id:) pee was therie 
ger the (pace of one 


pither entering the 
nes of aboade there 
AUN GCroUs butter 
parating vs fo, ag 
) Dap we fell onthe 
nell, vntill our ars 


Emanuel, o- 
n Tames 


slat 
. 


eta incognita, the 
Me though much 
it out bpon the bar 
wo. The thirde ol 
bweſt the ſet ſay le, 
Deptember, at 6, 
rifland, the tuinde 
and ſhiſted oftens 
ch fappe weather, 
ap of September, 
nthem about five 
and the JRopebers 
land, the South 
de Illand, Nopth⸗ 
g, and the longelt 
be of 57. degtees 
dap at 11. of the 
and the laf part 
arboroughs vpon 
uthermoſt popnt, 
and alfo twentie 
deptember, after 
cland about Gal- 


Notes 


M. Hakluits inſtrutliont. of the Engliſh nation. 


636 


Notes framed by N. Richard Hakluit of the middle Temple El. 


quire, giuen to certaine Gentlemen that went with M. Frobiſber in his 
North weſt difcouerie,for their directions: And not vnfit to be committed to 
ptint,confidering the fame may ftirre vp confiderations of thele and 
of {uch other things, not vnmecte in ſuch newe voyages as 
may bee attempted hereaſter. 


at the fir Weatt be chofen on the ſeallde ſo as (if it map be) pou may haue 
ur owne Nauie within Bap, riuer op lake, within pour ſeate Cafe from the 
enemie: and ſo as the enemie ſhalbe fopceste lie in open rode abjoade with: 
out, to be diſperſed with all winden and tempeſts that (hall arife, Thus fea: 


lund haue arceſſe to you to ſupply al wants, ſo may pour commodities be caries awap alſo. This 
feateis to bee chofen in temperate Climat, in fweete ayze, where pou map polſeſſe alwapes 
fweete water, wood, (eacoles,op turfe, with lilb, lech. grayne, fruites, herben and rosteg, oy ſo mae 
np ofthele, as map lullice very necellitie for the life of ſuch as (hall plant there. And fu the pol 
felting of mines of golde, of ſiluer, copper, quickſiluer, o of any ſuch precious thing, the wantes 
elthole needeful things may be ſupplied from ſome other place by ſea, pc. 


tone to make Lyme of, 
Slate Tone ce tile withall e 
ſuch clay as maketh tyle, 
Stone to wal wall, i Bycke 
map not bee made, 
Cimber for buylding eaſely 
to be conueied to the place, 
Reede to couer houſes 07 ſuch 
like, ik tile oz ſlate be not, 


Che people there ca plant and to continue are ether to lie without trafficke, oz by trafficke 
and by trade of marchandiſe. Il they ſhall liue without ſea trafficke, at the fir they become na; 
hed by want of linen and wollen, and very miferable by infinite wants that will other wiſe en · 
fue, and lo will they be forced of themſelues to depart, o elſe eaſely they will be conſumed by the 
Mpaniards, by the Frenchmen, oz by the naturall inhabitants of the countrep, and ſo the inter 
18 repꝛochſull to our nation, and a let to many other good purpoles that may be ta · 

de. ’ 

And by trade of marchandife they can not line, except the ſea 0; the lande there may peelde 
tommoditie. And cherefore pou ought to haue mot ſpeciall regard of that poynt, and ſo to plant, 
that che naturall commodities of the place and ſeate, may daawe to pou acteſſe of Nauigation 
for the fame, oz that by pour owne JQauigation pou may carte the fame out, and fetch home the 
fapply of the wants of the ſeate. 

Much nauigation ſo to bee employed, ſhall befives the ſuyyly of wants, bee able to encouns 
ter with forrepne force, 

And for that in the ample bent of ſuch things as are bought to you out of Eng land by fea, 

a matter ol great conſequence, it behoueth that all humanitie and curteſie and much fo · 
bearing ok reuenge te the inland people be ved, ſo (hall you haue firme amitie with pour neygb⸗ 
hours, fo (hall pou haue their inland commodities to maintaine traffike, and fo (hall pou ware 
nich and trong in force, Diuers and ſeuerall commodities of the inland are not in great plenty 
tobe bꝛoughe to pour hands, without the ayde ef (ome portable o; Nauigable rpuer, o; ample 
lake, and cherefoze to haue the belpe of {uch a one is moft tequiſite: And ſo is it of effect lo the 
niſperſing of pour otune commodities in exchange into the inlands. 

Nothing is moze to be indeuoured with the Inland people then familiaritie. Fo fo may pou 
beſt vifcouer all che natural commodities of their countrey, and alſo all their wants, all their 
krengths, all ther weakenelle, and with whome they are in warre, and with whome conlede 
. peace and amitie, gc. which knawen pou map wozke many great ellecta of greateſt con 

ence. 
Aud 


are to be looked fe) as things with: which no Citie 
may be made no people in ciuil foe be kept together. 


— . — ¶ ̊ — — m— — — 
637 The voyages and diſcoueries MA. Hakluits in/lruétions, 


Ind iu pour plancing the conuderation ot the clumate and ot tbe opie be matters cat n dd 
be teſpetted. n ir it bee fo chat pou map let in the fale (ea water, not mized with the frech inte 
lata, where the ſunnt is ol the heate that it is at Rochel, in the Bay of pohtingal, of in pant, 
then may pou pocure a man of ſhil, and lo pou baue wonne ont noble commodity fop the Aung, 
and fo) trade of maxchandiʒe by making of Walt. 

Orit che loyle and clymate bee ſuch as may ytelde pou the Grape as good as that at Buy 
deux, as that in Poꝛtingale, op as that about Miuil in ſpaine, oj that in the J ſlands of the Cana. 
ries, then there reftech but a workman to put in execution to make wines, and to dye fe Religus 
ol the ſunne and other, ot. 

Dp if ye linde alople of che temperature of the Mouth part ol Dpaine op Bar barit in which 
pou linde the Oliue tree to growe : Chen pou map be alluted of a noble mat chandipe fo) this 
realme, conlidering that our great trade of clothing doth require ople, and weying howe deere 
ol late it is become dp the bent they baue of that comumoditic in zt Tick Indies, and if pou ind 
the wilde Oliue there it may be gralled. 

D> il pou can find) berric of Cochenile with which we colour Stammelles, o any Root, 
Bertie, Fruite, wood op earth fitte fo dying, you winne a notable thing fitte ſoz our Rate of clo» 

thing. Chis Cochenile is naturall in the weil Andies on that firme. 

On it pou baue hides of bealts lit fo; ſole Lether, t. It wilbe amarchandise right good ¢ the 
fauages there pet can not tanne Lether aſter our kind, pet excellently alter their own mance, 

On if the fople thal peeld Figges, Almonds, Sugar Canes, Quinces, Openges, Lemonds, 
potatos, c. there map triſe fome trade traffickt, by liga, almõds, ſugar, mat melade, fucker gt. 

On if great woods be found, ir they be of Cppres, cheſis may be made,sfthep be of foe kinde 
ol trees pitch and tarre may be made il they bee of fome other then they may peeld Rofin, Cur: 
pentine, gt. and all foy trade and trafficke, and Caſkes ſoꝭ wine and ople may be made, likewile 
Ships and houſes, xc. 

And becauſe crafficke is a thing fo material, I with p great obſeruation be taken what tutry 
ſoyle yeeldeth naturally, in what cõmoditie ſoeuer, ę what it may be made to yee ld by indeuour, 
¢ to ſend vs notice home, p cherupd we may deuiſe what means may be thoghe of to raiſe trades. 

Now admit that we might not be ſuflered by the ſauages to enioy any whole countrie c; anp 
mone then the {cope of a citie, pet if we might entop traffiche ¢ be aflured of the fame, we might 
be much inriched,our Nauie might be incrtaſed, and a place of ſafetie might there bee founve, if 
change of religion oz ciuil wars (houls happen in this realme, which are things of great benefit, 
But if we map eniop any large cerritopie of apt ſoyle, we mighe fo vlt the matter, as we (houls 
not depend vyon Spaine fo oples,farks,refigns,openges,lemons,{panith ſuins. c. Pep vyon 
Fraunce fo woad, baplalt, and gaſcoyne wines, no; on Eſtland fo} flare pitch, tarre, makes, gt. 
Do we ſhould not ſo exhauſt our treaſure, and fo exteedingl inrich our doubtrul friends, as we 
do, but ſhould purchaſe the commodities that we want fop balfe the trealure that now we do: but 
ſbould by our otune induſtries and the benefits of che foile there cheaply purchaſe oples, wines, 
fale, fruits pitch, tarre flare, bempe,mattes, boopds fil) gold, ſiluer, copper, tallow hives ¢ ma 
np commodities : belldes if there be no flatts to make falt on, if you haue plentie of wood you 
map make it in (ufficient quantitie for common vſes at home there. 

A vou can keepe a fafe hauen, althougb pou baue not the friendſbip of the neere neighbours, 
pet — map haue crafficke by feabpon one {hore 0; other, vpon that firme in time to come if not 

ent 


efent. 
Ik you — plentie of eymber on the thore five op bpen any portable river, pou were bet 
to tut downe of the fame the lirſt winter. to be ſeaſoned fo) Mips, barks, botes and houſes. 

And if neere uch wood there be any river oꝛ haooke yon the which a ſawing mil may be pla 
ted it would doe great feruicc, and therefoe confideration would be bad of ſuch place. 

And ik ſuch pope ¢ choſen place of ſetling were in polleſſion ¢ alter fortified by art, although 
bythe land five our Englithmen were kept in, and might not emop any craffick with the next 
neighbours,nop any vittuals: yet might they bittel themſelues of fithe to ferue very neceſſitit, 
and enter into amitie with the enemies ol their next neigbhours, and fo haut vent of (bet mat · 
chandize of England ¢ alfo haue vittel,op by meanes hereupon to be vic d co fopce che next neigb 
hours to amitie. And keeping a nauie at the — plate, they Qhouin finde out along the tract of 
the land to haue tr afficke and at diners Illands allo. And ſo this tit (cat might in time become 
aftapling place of the commodities of manp countreys and territopies, and in time tbis place 
might become of all the ppouinces round about the oaly goucrnour, And if the place firſt choſen 
ſpoulv not fo wel pleaſe our people as fome other moze lately foũid out: There might be — 

U 


liche ſoile haue 
Wipto hunt after 
malt mention o 


A letee 


Italian gen 
id father in fat 
mowen among 
ter, which he hat 
doch giue with h 
athoufand roue 
ze en leſſe. 9 
whole Ingenio 
lung Loyd tha 
Alo certaine 
few vapes patt, 
fm maiſters to. 
dery much. & 
ind in twenty f 
che tropike of C 
Poreouer, | 
this countrey, f 
meta giue me | 
tome hit her wi 
God fending in 
bither from Le 
oceed map be 


w 
aftrutlions, 


atters that are to 
vith tbe frethince 
al, 010 Rpaine, 
ty £09 the Bung, 


d as that at Burs 
nds of the Cana ⸗ 
to dzeſſe Neligns 


ar barit in which 
chandipe fo) this 
ping howe deere 
es, and if pou fing 


tS, og any Roore, 
j Cur Rate of clo⸗ 


e right good ¢ the 
it own maner, 

nges, Lemons, 
nelade fucker et. 
v be of ſomt kinde 
eelo Rofin, Cur: 
be made, likewile 


taken what tuerp 
ee ld by indeuour, 
of to raiſe trades. 
le countrie op anp 
fame, we might 
ere bee founve, if 
8 of great benefit, 
ter, as we (houlp 
ins. gc. Nen bye 
tarre, mates, gt. 
ul friends, as we 
at now we be: but 
haſe oples, wines, 
low ives ¢ ma 
ntie of wood you 


peere neighbours, 
to come if not 


er, pou were belt 
and houſes. 
g mil may be pla · 
b place. 
by art, although 
fick with the next 
e very netelſitie, 
vent of their mats 
pce che next neigb⸗ 
along the tract of 
bt in time become 
in time this place 
place firtt choſen 
might be an calle 
reinous 


MHakluyts Fnftruétions. ot the Engliſh nation. 


temous, aud that might be taſed aj rather kept (03 others of uur natun to auoid an ill neigybo), 
A the (oiles aviopning to fuch conuenient hauen and ſetling places be found martie and bogs 
men lhillull in Myning are to be cuttyrd thuther. Sop arte may worke woonderfull ef: 
therein, and mahe the foe rich fo, many vſes. 
€o plant vpon an Ffland in the mouth ol fome notable rtuer, oz vpoꝛ: che point of the land ene 
ering into the riuer, if no ſuch Bland be. were to great end. Fo il ſuch river were nauigable or 
larre into the land eh en would ariſe great hope ol planting in ſertill ſoile s, and traſfike on 
one op on the othi r fide al the riucr, 02 on both, op the linking in amitie withont oy other pettie 
contending there fop dominion. 
riuers ound both barges ¢ boats may be made fop the ſale paſſage ol ſuch as ſhall pierce 
fie lune. Theſe to be couered with Doubles of courte lumen arcéfictally waouighi. to detend the are 
nn the dart ofthe ſauage from the rower, 
Dince euery file ol the world by arte may be made to vetld thinges ta feed and to tloch man, 
thing in pour returne a perfect note of the foile without and within, and uo ſhall deuiſe if neeve re 
dur to amend the fame, and to dꝛaw it to more perfection , Andif pou finde not fruites in your 
planting place to pour liking, we Call in fut Dpifats furniſh vou with fuch kindes of plants to be 
thither che winter ater pour planting, as hall the very next funnier following peeld you 
fome fruit and the pe ere next following, as much as (hall fulfice a to une as big as Calite, audthat 
fhoytlp after ſhall be able to pee ld pou great More of ſtrung durable quod ſitet to dike, and theſe 
trees (hall be able to increafe pou within leſſe then ſeuen yeeres as many trees prefentlp co brare, 
is may ſuſfice the people of diuers parithes, which at the firſt (ceiling may Rand you in great ſiead. 
che ſoile haue not the commottic of fruites of goodneſſe already. Aun betauſe you ought gree · 
uyto hunt after things that pec pꝛeſent reliefe, vutheut trouble af carriage hither, theteſdye 3 
make mention ol theſe, thus ſyetially, to the end pou map haut it ſperialy in minde. 


A letter written to M. Richard Stapers by lohn Whithall 
from Brafill , in Santos the 26 of Iune, 
t57 8 


=) Orihipfull fir, and welbeloucd friend M. Scaper, J hatte me moſt hrarttiy re · 
s commended vnto vou, withing pour health euen as mine owne. 

5 Theſe few woꝛds may be to let you vnderſtand. that, whereas F wrote vnto 
vou not many dapespatt, by the way ol L fbane, how that J beternuned to be 
s witl rou very ſoꝛtly, it is in this tountrev offered me to mar xp, and to tale 

N my choice of thyce oʒ foure: fo that J am about tinee dayes ago confopeen with 
m Italian gentlem n to marrie with his daughter within theſe foure dayrs . This my friend 
ad father in law Signior loffo Dore is bone in the citie of Genua in Italie: hit kindʒed is well 
mowen amongſt the Italians in London: alſo he hach but onely this childe which is his daugly⸗ 
tte, which he bach thought better beſtowed upon me then on any WPortingall in all the country, and 
doth giue with her in marriage to me part ok an Ingenio which he hath that doth make euery peere 
athoufand roues of ſugar. This my martiage will be woonth ta me two thouſ aud ducketa litt le 
mon leſſe. Alſo Signior Ioffo Dore my father in law voth intend to put into my handen the 
whole Ingenio with fircte oꝛ ſeuentie ſlaues, and thereot to make mer facto for vs both. I giue mv 
lining Loꝛdthanb s foz placing me in ſuch bono and plentifulnetic of all things. 

Alo certaine daes paſt J talked with the pꝛoue doꝛ and the capt arne, and they haue tettilied me 
few vapes pat, that they haue dilcouered certaine mines of liluer amn golve, and lone euery day 
fo maiſters to come to open the leid mines: which when they beapenen wil iurich his countrep 
bery much. This place is called Saint Vincent, and is diſtant from pow t wo thouſand leagues, 
and in twenty foure degrees of latitude on the South five aftheequinoctiall line, and tight vnder 
thetropike of Capricorne , A countrey it is very healt hlull without ſickneſſr. 

Poreouer, J haue talked with the captaine and motsedoy, and my father in law, who rule all 
this countrey, for to haue a ſhippe with goods to tome from London bither, which haue womiſr o 
meta gine me licence, ſaying that now J am free deni zen of this counttey. To cauſt a ſhippe to 
tune hit her wit h ſuch conum yditles as would ſerue this countrep, would come to great gates, 
God fending in lafetie the pꝛollt and gaines , In luch wares and commodities as pou map ſhipe 


proceed may be imployed in white ſugar at foure hundꝛed reis the toue. 
in m 1 


638 


Mines of gold 
4 (iter new < 
in DilcoueredD 
at B. Wincent, 


biter from London is for euery one commoditie de liuered bert thie for one, and then alter the re wince 


vo 
to . intens 
901 U 
tog ont. 


The voyages and difcoueries Whithalles letter, 


I meaue alſo to haue a triend in London co fend me a happe at 60 0 70 tunnes, 
lelſt, with ſuch couunoditien as J (hall gut abuite fo), Chis bopage ts e 


berretuich wuite bnto pou in what fone and muntr pou Chall burn this bopaꝶ boch 
in tcommodities and a 
In what m: = Fir pou muſt lade in the ſaid hi certaine Dampſbite and Devonthire huren: fon the hbith 


ara, pon mali let her from London in October, and ta touch in the Canaries, 
eevee fal . 


very n 0 
Alſd in London pou may lade in the laid ſhippe thele parcels of commodities op wares, agfol 


1 
In primis, Foure pieces of hallands ol middle fort, 
Item, One piece of ine holland. 
Fourt bundjed elles of oſenbyiges very Ane, 
Foute dozen of 53078 ofall opta. 
Mirteene hintals of pitch of the Canaries, 
Cwentie dozen of great kniues which be made in fardles, of a lowe pice. 
Foure dozenot᷑ aſmall ſont. 
Dine pieces of bayes ol the lowell (oy, 
Ser ne ener, cottons, moft blacke fome 
7 „ Greene, pellow. 
bats, the 
¢ 


pards of crimofin v 
Mire pards of crimofin f 
Cwelue pards of fine pu 


Eigbt oꝛ tenne one halft trimmed ˖ 

eee bel wich takte, che aher plane, ith 

Ehyee dozen of doublets ofcanuas, 19 opcight pieces 
— oy ona b ac eg 


Acopie of the let 


WVhithall 

Ar 

ep e een of petingal wot foal treuchers — 
Loar Eg a, coos, 2 * 2 

wentie pound cloues, cinamom, pepper, ad ſalſton. \ 

wo kintals of white ſope. = pha 
Tiyee pound of ehyeed, white, blacke, and Wetw, did write 
Tice of fine white thyeed, tertaimment, but alfo ſbould 


tuery thing. and that fo} to 
tf die ſugers; 2 pound ol 


at credit that they and 
eigbe pound. 1 — iy 
One fire ſtamell of tenne oz twelue pound. hyto lend this good ſbippe tl 
R an but alſo with as many o 
One fine karſie. wunttey. And we craue of 
* — vou and 3 —.— 
to minde on purpole ct 

Shree barrels of nailes for cheſta. I 
Two barrels of nailes lo Hippes and bart.s, r 


the magiltrates there to be 


( briStopher Hare. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


— . without hanger 
wo 5 es 6. 

22 oftaffata red, blacke, and bie m, with fome greene, 

Ciwo dozen of leather girdles, 

Mize dozen of ages, hate het, md ſmall billes to cut wood, 

Fouce mates ol gittopne ſtrings. 

Foure hundpedo} fiue hundzed elles of lame linnen cloch that is of alotwe pice to make ſhurts 
ind hects, a 

re Ff pou meane to deale on ſend any Chip 

. meant 5 

aber, haue pou no doubt, but by chehelpeof God J hall put all — — 
vo pour cunttutment and molit: io) my father in law with the captaine and Pxoue dot doe tule the 


autre p. 

Hp Corher in law and J ſhall (God willing) make a good quantity of ſugat rutry pecre, which 
lugtr we intend to ſbippe for London from bencefoorth, il we can get ateuftic and good friend as 
pouto deale wich vs in this matter. J hay vou prefentip after the receit of this my letter to untte 
meanfwere thertol, and (end pour letter to M. Holder to L iſtone, and he will conue y it to me out 
band. 
eis pꝛemiſſes fend fire pardes of ſharlet, parchment lace of diners colours, 

Mire pards of crimolin ve luet. 

Mire pards of crimofin facten. 

Cwelue pards of fine puke blacke. 

Heerein this countrey in Read of John hit hall they haue called me John Leitoan 1 forbas 

haue vſed this name ſo long time, that at this pꝛeſent there is no remedie bis it mutt remaint 
. fa Mbenpen white vnto me let the fuperfcription be vnto John Leitoan. 

Chus I commit pou with all pours to the Holy gholt fo) euer. 

It you lend this ſbippe, A would haue pou giue onder that the touch in no part of the coat of 
Guinie nop any other coaſt, but to come directip hither to the pope ol S. Vincent, and krom the Cas 
uitt let ber be dilpatcbed in my name, to but, John Leitoan. 

Aldo a dozen of ſhirts lo my wearing let be ſent if you lend the ſhippe. 

wre ale pieces of ſapes for mancles ſo women, which is the mol neceflarie thing that more, 
tan 

By your aſſured friend 
John Whithall. 


Acopie of the letters of the Aduenturers for Brafill fent to lohn 
VV hithall dweiling in Santos, by the Minion of London. 


Anno 15 80 the 24 of October in London. 


Aiſler TWihichall, as vnacquaiuted we commend vs vnto pou, t. vnderſtanding 

by pour friends, M. John Bird, h. Robert Chalkaden,¢ pour other Tames 

TUbithall of certaine letters that they haue receiued of yours frb Santos, which 

we baue ſeene and tead, wherein from time to time pou dor require, and deſire 

them to fend a good ſhippe to Santos, with furh wares andcommo dities as pou 

did write Me whereby pou did not onely pꝛomiſe that the y ſhould haue good in · 

tertajmment, but alfo (haul fell the ſaid commodities to make clyce of one outward at the leaſt in 
tuerything, and that fo to relade then (pippe backe, they Gould haue of the beſt, finett, an whis 
tet die ſugers 3 2 pound ok our we igbt fo a ducket at the moſt. Che pꝛemiſes con fivered, with the 
pe credit that they and we do gine to pour Uniting and promife, hatie cauſed vs, whofe names 
heerunder bitten, to ioyne our ſelues in company together, and to be at great charges pur pole 
yto lend this good ſhippe the Minion of London, not onely with ſuch dies as you wꝛote 
op, but alfo with as many other things as we thought might any wapes pleaſure you, on profit the 
wunttey. And we craue of pou, that we and our factours map haue ſo much credit of pou, as we 
haut in you and of your letters, which is to beleue vs that we haue taken this voyage vpon vn, with 
mother minde op purpofe then to deale faithfully and truely in the trade by ſea and land ſo as you 
dall not only haue caule to reio pte. and deſerue thanks fo our comming, but alſo pou will ot ure 
the magiſtrates there to be bound, as they vſe in Gali ia, chat tec may be pꝛeſerued and 8 
* 2 P min 2 om 


122 
iia 
fis 
Bae 
1 


ass 2 
12 

I 
22 

1 

as 

2 


u 

I. & 

— Lats 
—> 


125 


87 
3 
<= 
2 
2 
22 == 
uu @ 
wii 
68 
25 
2 


ye 


oe. We 
wy 


O41 The voyagesand difcoueries Christopher Hare. 


from all repꝛellals andimbargements ol punces on ſubierts foꝛ any caufes op matters Wbatlotuer, 
wherby we map be incouraged by them, giuing vs this ſerurity of god intertainement, to conti. 
nue the trade peerelp hence looꝛth: and for our parts we momiſe vpon our credits and fitelitieg, to 
commit no outrage at the ſea no; land, no ſuffer anpto be done in dur company that we map tet, 
but rather to defend and protect all other peaceable merchantes as we are with they thippes and 
odes, 
qm che end chat vou and others call knot that we meane as we ſay, we haue giuen order 
to our factoure to giue pou good holtages foꝛ pour alſurance of our good fidelities: and further we 
haue lent a teſtimontall of our owne true meaning in writing vnder the ſeales of thishonourable 
citte of London, which we will not diſcredit by our behauiours fo; all the treaſure that ou haut, 
and ſu we haue twpiceen to pour magiſtraten of pour pont, and others in Sopanith, the copy whers 
of we fend pou herrwith tloled in Cnglih . Audik the time ſhould fallout fo cantrary to our expet⸗ 
tations, that there fhould not be fine white ſugar lufficient to lade our laid ſhippe in due time at 
Santos then we prap you direct our factours tohece they may go with the ſhippe in ſafttie to fupplp 
their wane, and helpe them to a good ſure pilot for that purpofe, and write pour lettets to pour 
friends where the Lett ſugar is made in they Fanos, and helpe our factours to haue a teſtimoniall 
from Santos, that they and you traded together friendly, and ſo departed in good and perfett amis 
tp, and ſhewtbem that the tuft cauſe of our comming is to trade as merchants peaceablp, and nut as 
pirats toconunit any offence to one a other. 

Allo we prap pou if there be any fore of waxe, oꝛ fale peter, whereby che price there may peel 
vs as much polit as the white lugars at a ducket the roue, oz any other commoditpof like profit, 
then to procure that we may lade it without danger of lam, be it eure of golde op filuer oz whatde, 
ner els. 2 

Mle haue ſent vou copper caulmons fo pour engenios with iron, and all other neteſſutits oy 
pour purpoſe, and artificersco let the fame sand as we baue at pour requef® beene at great chars 
ges in fending cheſe men, fo we may vou let vs hane lawfull fauoꝛ in Ithe conrtefieto faum all dur 
caufes, And it anpof our mariners q paſſeugers ſhonld in anp reſpect of diſpleature againſt their 
company, on in hope of pꝛekerment of mariage oz otherwile, would pyocure to tary and well chert, 
and leaue his charge ¢ office, that then vou will be a meane to the tultice that tach kugitiuen fhoul 
be oe the ſhipye as ppifoners : fo as pou knom, without our men we can nos bring home 
our ſhipppe. 

Me haue giuen oꝛder to our factours to ble pour counſell and helpe intheyz affapes, and to 
gratiſie pou for the lame as to pour courteſie and faithſull krienſhippe ſhall appertaine to pour good 
Liking: and in che meane time fo a toben of our good willes towards yon, we haue ſent vou a field 
bed ok walnut tree, with the canopp, valens, curtaines, and gilt knops. And if there be any com: 
mo dity els that map pleaſure you oz pout friends, we haue giuen oꝛder that they ſhall haue che re 
fuling of it before anp other gung foꝛit as it is . f 

And thus to conclude, omiſing to perfornre all the pd things on our parts in cuety condi⸗ 
tion, we commit you to God, who euer peferue pou wich all his bleilings. 


uf Chriftopher Hodſdon. 


y Anthonie Garrard. 
Nour louing fri Thomas Bramlie. 
OIC Iohn Bird. 


William Elkin. 


Certaine nates of the vo ageto Brafill with the Minion of 


London aforeſaid, in the yeere 15 8 o, written by 
she Grigges Pitot the 4 fhippe. 
We third dapol Nouember in the peere aboueſaid we departed in the Minton of 
London from harkich, from which time no great thing woonth che knotwledge 
dn regard ot᷑ others bappencd vntill the 2 2 of December the next moneth, which 
day for our owe learning ¢ vſe we obſeruedthe ſetting of the funne, which was 
Wet wuthweſt, we then being buder the line equinoctiall, wbere we fonndte 
* nie verytemperate, andthe wind for the molt part Southeaſt ¢ Cat fourheatt, 
Ehe ſame day we allo obſeruedthe riling of the moone, being one dayntter the full which role 
at Eaſt noztheaſt. cx 


againe, and b 
to betaken th 

The 20 de 
dobned in ti 

The 225 
Santos, aud r 
for the ſtraig 

Che 23 de 
Raine, and ta 
it Santos. 


The 22 de 
with the Pag 
hey were fog 
Rio Genero, 
Nome and he 
thera church: 
Koto ſtaud 
and further 


The 105. 
Engliſh vice 
to haue a pilo 

The rr 5 


and leakes ty 
and in the me 


pher Hare. 
teers tobatforurr, 
inement, to conti 
ts and fibelities, to 
Ly chat we map itt, 

they thippes and 


e baue giuen onder 
es: and further we 
of this honourable 
ure that you haue, 
ith, the copy thers 
urary to our expet⸗ 
1 — 
; to p 
our letters to pour 
haue a teftimoniall 
OD and perfect ami 
aceably, and not as 


ice there map petld 
nodityok like pofit, 
op ſiluer 07 whatlde 


ther netellaries fo 
beene at great chats 


ach lag 

can nothing home 
pep? affames, audto 
prtaineto pour good 
haue fent vou a ſield 
dif there be any com. 
hey ſpall haue the re 


parte in euerp tondi⸗ 


opher Hodſdon. 
bnic Garrard. 
has Bramlie. 
Bird. 
Elkin. 


Minion of 
by 


wbere we found the 


ball € Catt ft, 
a lane 


ch 


( briſlopher Hare. | of the Englifh nation. 


we arrinedthe 14 day of January, in the peere 1581. : 

Che 16 dap Thomas Babington, and others in our pinnelle, went a ſboare tu Guaybea where 
they met with John hit hall his father and mother in law, who hauing teceiued letters from 
thence to be de liuered at Santos, came aboond, ò then we weyed and ſet faite and the 28 day we 
urmed at the Iſland of Santa Catelina, neete the entrance of Santos. 

Our courte front S. Sebaftians was South welt and by Meſt, and betwirtthe Southweſt and 
by Uleſt, and Tiel ſouthweſt. 

Cbis Hand of Catelina ſcemeth at the firlk to be a part of the Jlland ol Girybia. Cite ankered 
atnine fathome blacke offe ground. ; a 
Aponthe Jllumthere growe many Palmuto trees, bueno kreſh water is there to be found. 


ö Chbethird day of Febzuary we arriued before the to une of Santos, and were there well retei · Teunarr. 


ned and intertatned of the captaine, the kings officers, and all che people, 

The fourth day we tooke into our ſhippe a biefe aliue, which feruen for the bictualling of the 
hippe, and the refreſhing of our men. and to make vs the mertier at Stnouetive, 

The eight day we deliuered to M. John Mhithall a bedlled with the appurtenances, which 
vere lent to him from our merchants ol London. 

The 18 day the captaine of Santos came abood our hip, by whom we had knowledge of foure 
great French ſhippes of warre, that had bene at the riuer Genero, which there tooke thee canoas, 
but were duuen krom thence by they caſtles ¢ forts, and were looked fon heete at Santos. Mhere ; 
ppon the captaine requeſted vs to lend them ſome armoz and artillery, and we Lent themtwentp cas 
liuers, aud two barrels of powder. 

Che to day our (kite which we had ſent to Alkatrarſes, and had beene away fite dayes, came 
againe, and bꝛought good fore of great and good fifh, and tolde vs that there was good ſtoze of ith 
to betaken there by the hooke, and as much wood as we would haue of the Palmito tree. 

The 20 dap at night, Nicholas Gale, one of our company, fell ourr our ſhippes fives, and was 
Downed in the port os Santos before the towne, where our (hippe rode at auler. 

Che 22 day tho of the canoas which the Frenchmen tooke in the riuer ol Genero, returned to 
Santos, and repozted thatthe foure F ten ch ſhippes were paſt to the Houthwardg as they thought 
in the ſtraights of Magellan, and ſo into the South ſen. 

Che 23 day the aforelatd Nicholas Gale, who fell ouerbooꝛd two dayes before, was founve as 
18 and taken vp three miles from our ſhippe, ¢ our company went co his buriall in the church 
A Santos, a : 7 
This dapthe captaine and iuſtices of Santos wi ſhed vs tu cnerp in they road till che laſt of Ae 
pill, fo they had feta barke of Santos tu Bayea at the kings charges, to know wherher we ſhoulv 
haue trade there oz no, and this barke could not returne beldze that time. 

About this time there arriued at Fernanbucke a fhippe from o;tingall, which bought newes 
that the Bands, Indies, & Poztingall it ſelfe was moleſted and troubled by the Spanpards, and 
chat the Boztingal les had both Euglich ¢ Ftenchmen to Lilbone to defend Them agaͤinſt Bpaine. 

Dhe az dap we ſent two of our men, namely Thomas Michaell ¢ Limon Cbomete Bayea 
ina barke that went thither from Santos. 1 ö 


The 22 dap of April our maiſter and Thomas Babington hauing ſome talk and conference urin. 


with the Padrez of Santos, they (our men being readyto go to the tiuer Genero) tolde them that 
hey were ſoꝛry for our banibment from the church, which was by the iniſtrado witten from 
No Genero that fozaſmuch as this 20 peres 07 rope the Engliſh nation had denied the church o 
Rome and her pꝛodeedings, ‘therefore the Miniltradoz commanded that none ol vs ſhould come to 
they church: the Padrez willed vs heerin to haue patience, andto take it in good ue promis 
(deo Rand our friends in they word e wing both to the Miniſtradoꝛ and to the biſhop at Bayea, 
and further requeſted all our Eng liſh compaup to haue no ill opinion of them. 
The 28 of Apꝛill we taded ſugars into our ſhippe. ent eoꝛnt nunttian e 
Cbe 2x of May we tooke in kreſh victualles from Sants. way. 
Che ro day of June we-rwatifien one Ioſto Thorno, dwelliag in Santos, wich fone four dun. 
Engliſh victualles, and intertained him in good fore in our ſhippe, and chis day we were promifen: 
to haue a pilot at Santos to carry vs to Bayea. TOT a OMe Te WMO SE 9 
The 11 day we went to fith, to make prouilion foꝛ our thippe e men, and from that time rill the 


day we fet water, and cut wood for our Are, and trimmed our Chippe ok the harmed neaus in tye 
ind leakes which che wonmes had made in her while we ridde at the Illand of S. Sebaſtians, e 


ind in che meane time wee departed from before sep of Santos, Our Waiter ſeut h 
h mm 3 


642 
Che iat land that we fell with vpon the coaſt of Balill was the Wlandof S. Sebaſtian, there January, 


ig? . 
ſkille 


„3 — — % Sn 
643 The voyages and difcoueries Christopher Hare, 


Chuffe from the barre of Santos, thinking to haue brought Thomas Babington and LNilliam 

Euet, with the pilot, which we had tarryed im cher dapes, and as the (kiffe was going Millian 
J Wibote mane Cut being by the riuers ſide called to our pinnelle, x ſenta letter to ourjmaitter, which Thomas 
pean Babingtou had witten, wherein was no newes, but chat che iniſtradoꝛ was arriued at Santos 

from the riuer Genero and would ſpeale with our mailter but he willed chat tubarfoeuer Chomas 

Babington did wpite, no credit ſhould be giuen to it. And further withen os pꝛeſentlyto 

S. Sebaſtians, and there tu diſpatch our butinelle, and then to fend backe for Babington and him 

felfe to Guaybea, where he (if he were well) would giue his atten dance to come abooꝛd. 

As we rid two leagues a ſea bond the barre ol Santos, we bake acable in the open fea, thick 
hapned the 1; day ofthis moneth. 

e arriued at S. Sebaſtiansthe 15 day, andthere thifted our balaſt, and had in ſtone tz, and hale 

led our thippea ground to ſtoppe our leaks, and carryed our calke a ſpoareto be hoopen fo water, 
which in Deed might better haue beene done in Santos, before the Piniſtradoꝛ camethither: yet 
we ſimiſhed all things pertaining to our ſhippe, by che 22 ofthis moneth, at S. Sebaſtians. 

The firk day of July Thomas Babington came abooꝛd with William Cuet,in our pinneſſe, 
and the ret eee men that went foꝛ them: but there was no pilot bꝛought accoꝛding to pꝛomiſc to 
carry vs to Bayea. 

Thethings that we oblerued and noted in the time of our being at Santos, were theſe. 

All ſuch wares aud merchandizes as owe no ruſtume in Bpalitl, them vſe ia, to {et a pit vpon 
the — von 8 lolde : which is done bythe magiltrates of the tone, accoꝛding to theopdi: 
nances 0 

But for all ſuch merchandizes as do owe cuſtome there, che merchants are to fell them accop 
ding as they map, to the greateſt profit and aduantage that they can. 

Conceruing the prouince of Peru, we learned that one part of it byland and water is but twelue 
dayes iourney from che tomne of Santos, and from thence it map be about foure oz fine dapeg iour· 
nep by water to che maine river of Plate. , 

Fromthe head of the rinerof Plate, and from ther chiefe totes there, they do trade ¢ traffike 
by land inte Peru hy maggons, and holes op mules, 

The ſaidtiuer of Plate is (i full of ſunds aun vangers, and the freth fo flerce ſometimes that no 
ſhipping dares to deale with it, ſmall barks to theyꝛ knowledge may go vp it, and not els, 

The potiingalles here cannot be ſufferedto bib they mines of creature in thete parts, vpon 
22 * contrary being commanded bp the king, andthe Viceroy, Auho is as their king 
ce of authority, 

About 20 league from Santos, there is a certaine kinde of wilde Dauages lying in che mouns 
taines, twhich are in friendſhippe with the Pontingalles, and they haue continual warres with cers 
taine other Sauages that dwell about the borders of Peru, which is diſtaut from Santos about 40 
0 Fa e Chole Sauages ol Peru haue Kore of golde and ſiluer, but they know not the 
ble ok it. 5 

Looke what Dattages of their enemies they take, they fell them to the Boztingals for kniues, 
tombes, ares o batclets, and other trifles : they will fell one to a penny knife to a Poztingall, and 
after two peeres they are wooyth twenty oꝛ thirty buckets to a Poztingall. 

This people haue allo. continuall warres with the Spanpards : and this was tolde vs by one 
ofthafe Sauages, which bath delt among the Portingalles theſe ſeuen peeres, with his mai⸗ 
8 ar Senior Manoel Veloſo. And this fellowe woulde willingly haue come with vs fo 

d. : 

There ave cevtaine rocks that lie off betwene Alcatrarfes and S.Sebaftians about two leagues, 
which are to be taken herd of, which a farre ofin fayꝛe weather thew like the frites of ſlippes. 
e os beat amie S. Catelina alfo fiue leagues to the Eaſi and by South into 

tas ant 5 
At dur comming vp to Santos we found foure fathome ¢ a halle water in the ſhallo weft place, 
and the like we found tuithina league after we wer Parted from S. Catelina, little moꝑe on lee, 
but after pou haue riume in the depth of foure fathome Ea halle, about a mile oz leſſe, then pou hall 
baue it deeper againe moze and moze. 
Before che tonne of Santos we rode in eight and tenne fathome water. 


| S. Fra 


Inftructions 


rher Hare, 


ON and CMilliam 
going William 
r. which Thomas 
Arrtued at Santos 


dmetimes that no 
nd not els, 

thele parts, bpon 
90 sag their king 


ning in the troune 
warres with cers 
Santos about. 40 
hey know notthe 


ngals fo kniues, 
a Boztingall, and 


as tole vs by one 
es, with his mais 
come with vs lig 


out two leagues, 
sol ſlippes. 
1D bp South inte 


thallo weit place, 
ttle mone oz leſſe, 
Te, then you thall 


nſtructions 


Men, Drake. 


of the Engliſh nation. 
The famous voyage ot Sir Francis Drake into the South 


Sea, and there hence about the whole Globe of the Earth, 
begun in the yeere ofour Lord, 1 57 7. 
‘UPS ihe 15. day of Nouember, in the peere of our 02D, 1577. O. Francis Drake, 
J wich a fleete of due fhips and bakes, and tu the number of 164, men, Gentle: 
— men and Sailers, departed jp: giuing out bis pretended voyage lo⸗ 
5 Alexandria: hut the winde W os be was ſocedthe nert moyning to 
„ buotindo Falmoutb hauen in Copue wall, where ſuch and fo terrible a tempel 
. took ha as fem men haue ſeeue the like, and tong in deed fa vehement, that all 
out ſhips were like to haut eee 
—— vs only for that prefent with particulars: The matte of our Admiral which 
was the Pelican, was tut ouer hood tothe aera ea ane Parpgold was diueng, 
thore,¢ ſome what magen fon the ene of which damages ine returned againc to Plimmauth, 
and hauing recduer ro chofe harmes . and bought roughetbe kenn agatne te goon fte, we et foꝛch the le 
rorbuimefeam Plimmouth, and ſet ſaile the 1 3.dap nf December following 1 
She 25, day of che fame moneth we fell wichthe Cape nde pon ty the coattof Garbaric, 


au contin along, the 27. dap we found an Alland called Magador, xing one mile Se 


Sau rb e ae bein i pe , l bout fo) dur 
Gipsto ride in, as alfo verp good entrance, and void of auy danger. 

Du this Illand our . be youth ont of cian 15 605 
foure altradyframed. Ahile theſe things were in e 
inbabicaunts of the countrep, ſhewyng forth their flags of truce, which beyng ſenne of our Ge 
nerall, be ſent bis (ips bo ate to the ſhoze, to know what they „ ape te come 
abooꝛ, our men left chere one man of our contpanie. fo; a pledge, and bꝛought tun of theirs a · 
bond our ſhippe, which by ſignes bewed our Gentrall, that the next day they would boing ſome 
mouiſion, as Sheepe, Capous and Hennes and fur like, whereupon ous General beſtowep a» 
ee linnen c da iaueling, which they veryiopfullp receiued, and 
beparten fop that time. 

The next mowing they failed nat to come agayne tothe waters five; anp dur Gentil agit 
Cecréwny out cut boate, one of our mem leaping oder ralblp a Chore, and offerings friennip to 
them, they {et biolent hands on him, offering e ee en 


s n eee knen bam Ora ts 
miſcreants. 


ol himſe iſe among ſuch 

Our pinnaſe bepng linie, we departed from his place the ebitieth: and pau prt 
ber, and coalting along the (hore, we bio deſcrie not contrarp to our expectation, certain Canters 
which were Sypanih Rihermeit,co bum we gawe chalt aid enoke:3 Althem and ppoceeting furs 
ther we met wich 3. Caruels and tooke chem allo, 


©he.x7.vapot January we arriued at Cape Blanko, tobere we found a ae ku ie tn 9 
within the Cape, and but two ſimple Mariners in her, which Hip. we tooke and caried a 


into the harbour where weremainen4 dayeg and in that e eee eee 
wed bis men on land in toarlike mauer, to make them fit fop all ect 

In this place we tooke ofthe Fiſhermen luch 
vg, and leauing here oneof our litle barkes called che Benedict, wer e cits 
which they called Canter, being okthe burden of 40. tunnes on thereabouts, 

All tele things being liniſhed, we deparcenchic, harbour the e T along 
with vs one of che sBoxingall Camels wish wos Dopo the Adauds of 0 erde fap 
ſalt, whereot᷑ good ope is made in one of thoſe wet, 

‘called Mayo,chere was great ttope of mied Cabaritas, which . 
did peerelp make readie fop ſuch ofthe kings tips as didthere touch, beyng 

the inhabitants would in uo cafe traffique with vs, beyng 

pet the next dap our General ſent to view the Jlland, 1 

ter and maſter Doughtic, and marching 8 tae es chiefe 

(as by the Hoꝛtingall wee were infoꝛmed) hauyng 


Ghematter op — vunP2— ee our General chat upon 
trep of Pꝛaſile op elſe where, Tie fell with this Z land W 

prottifion of victuals, e 2 
miles, and attiuing there ſame what befope the day 15 1 


neceflariegas wer wanted, aup chey euuld peld 2 


0 A ae 


The voiages and difcoueries Sir Fran. Drake. 


——— reer ee a nearer a — — — — —— 
beldhe vs, which appedring; wer found the inhabitaunts to bee flens but the place by renſon that it 
a r we found to bee moze kruttlull then the other part, efpectally the ‘valleys among 
0 e Huss 
Kipegraves Pere we gaue our ſelues a little refreſhing, as by ver cand fivecte grapes, which the fruit: 
| in Wits, fultelleof the earthat seeing, orb egen gre et if 
of Ainter, it map ſeeme ſtraunge that tholetruites were then there growing: but the reafon 
thereof ts this, berauſe they being berweene the Tropike and che Equmocttall, the Sunne pal⸗ 
1 the peerecbpougtthete Jenith ouer their heads, by meanes whereof they haue two 
unnes, and beyng fo neere the heate of the line, they neuer loſe the heate of the Sunne fo 
mirh, but the fruites haue their cereale and continuance in the midſt of CAinter. The Wand ia 
See eee 
at the people gather es, p in great quanti nertaled by: 
; on the lands bythe flowing of thelea,andthe teceiuthy heate ofthe fame kerning tbe fame,fo the 
ofthe iceeate cbereof they eepe a concnial eat ue with their neighbours, 
he delertyti⸗ Among other things we found here a kind ol fruit called Cocos, which be cauſe it is not com 
daten monlp knowen witch bein England, A chongbe goovco make forte veſctiption okt. 
dae fete benreth uo leauer nop branches, but at che berp cop che fruit gro weth in clulters, bard 
at the top of the femme psi asbig cuerp feucrall feuite as amans bead: but hauyng tas 
len offthe vttermoſt barke, which you fhatl indeo bee very full ot ſtrings o ſinowes, as q may 
e eee quantitie in liquoꝭ apint commonlp, 
6} ſome a quart, and foe {elles duithin that hell of che thick meſle ol balfe an inch good. pow tall 
haue a kind ol hard ſubſlance and weep white no leſſe good and ſwerte then almonds: within chat 
againe a certaine cleere liquod, whieh being marke, ‘pot hall wot onely Gnbicverp delicate and 
lweete, but mot able and conviall. 
After wee had latiſtied our (clues with fome of there fruites, wee marched further into she Je 
| *@rgoates. fland, and ſawe great Roof" Cabaritas aliue, twhich were fo chaten bp the inhabitaunts, that 
we could doe no good towards gur ppoulſion. bucthep havis ted out ngit were to Mop our mouths 
a old nied een but lll, dull and few, wee made no ae 


returned tu bur og; dur Genttall depatted hence the 3 1. of this monetb, and ſayled 
1 of S, Ia Bot ee ing ea he anger watt gp ys edge 


ie 

before this Iſtand, uche donde plato the one of which we gane chaſe, 
. ann inthe enn boobed beruhe tp boate teſiſtance, which we found tobe a good prise, 
svi ano A um pelded vnto bs good {ope of tine, tobich prize our Generall commiccedto che cultovie of 9p, 
nen Doughtie, and teceining eee bis pinnaſe, gung them a Butte of 

| dar tat. vine and ſome victtals,and their wearing clothes and fo they departed, 
. 1 t CTbe lame nighe we ecke ee the akg, Ila del fogo, that is, the 
1. Maney zinthe Moubide whereof is a conſuming five, the matter is ſayd co bee of Sul: 
ja ure, but e yah ae ae berauſe the Poxingals haue 

and doe inhabite 
Gponthe Dorithfive chereoflieth a mo ple aſaunt and fweete Iſland, the trees whereof are 
‘aliwapes greene and faire to looke vpon, in reſpect whereof they call it Ila del Braua, that is, the 
haue Illand. From the banks thereof into the {ea doch tun in many places reaſonable ſtreames 
ok freth waters eule to be come by, but there was no conuenient road faz our ſbips: fo ſuch was 
the depth, that no ground could be had fop ankering, and it is reported, that ground was neuer 
faunvin ne 1 of Fogo burns nut ſo higb in the ape, but the rootes of Braua 
enchen in che 

at rp rete Allands we ret towards the line, where wee were becalmen the 
pare of 3, but pet lubtert to Diners great ſtozmes terrible ligbenings andunuch thunder: 
but wich this mniferte we had the commodicie of great ftoye of fith,as Dolphin, Bonttas,and fiping 
‘fithes, thereof fome fell into ae ene beute they could not rife againe fox want of mot 


hr ten iin sae 
From the firk day ee che Mund of Cape Verde, twee fapled 54. vo 


againe to fe 
pied 


Drake. 


paton that it 
lleys among 


delicate and 


x into the Jo 
icaunts, that 
Dour mouths 
made no ats 


b, and ſayled 
p ſbot and dil 
land is faye 
it the moune 
g bene flaues 
bere they a 


gane chaſe, 


tes of Braua 


etalmed the 
uchthunder: 

and ſtying 
want of mot 


D 54, Days 
54 nich 


mene f : 
Te ners bay ater being sheetwentieh of Zane barter ü epee in = = fa ang 


S Fran. Draſe. of the Engliſh nation. 


without ſight ol land, and the Arf land that we fell with was the toaſt ol Bꝛadil, which we fawe 


the lift of April in che height of 3. degrees towards the pole Ancarctike, and being diſcouered vnn. 
at (oa by the inhabitaunts ofthe countrep, they made vpon the coatt great fires lo a farrifice (as: ders. 


we learned) to the deuils, about which they vle conturations, making heapes ol ſands and other 
ceremonies, that when any (xp thal goe about to fap vyen their coat, not oncly ſands map bee 
gathered together in ſhoales ta euery place, but alſo that formes and tempeits may ariſe, to 
the cating away of hips and men, twhercof (as it is repopted) there haue bene diuers experi: 


ments, 

Che ſeuenth day in amightie great ſtoꝛme both of lightning, rapne and thunder, wee loſt che 
Canter which wee called the Chriſtopher: but the eleuenth day after, by our Generals great 
cure in diſperſing bis thips, we found ber agapne, aud the place where we met our General cal: 
{ev the Caye of Joie, where euery ſhip toche in fone water. Here wee fund a Food tempera- J 
ture and ſweete aire, a very faite and pleaſaunt countrep with au excer ding frinitfull foite, where 
were great More of large and mightie Deere. but we came not to the fightof any people: but tra: 


welling further into the countrey, we perceiued che footing of peaple in the clap ground, ſhewyng 


that they were men ol great ſtatutt. Being returnedto our ſbippes we wayed anker, and ranne 
ſomewhat further and harbouren our ſelues bet weene a roche aud the maine, where by meanes 
of the tocke that hake the force of the fea, we rid very ſafe and vpon this rocke wee küled for our 
prouitton certaine fea wolue s. commonly called with vs Seales, 


From hence we went our courte to fix a thirtie degrees and entered the great riner of Plate, as chere 
ind ranne into 54. and 53. fndomes anda halle of freth water, where we filled our water by the of Plate. 
| 


hips five s but our Generall finding bere no goon harborouch as be thought bee ould, bare out 
againe to fea the 27. of Apꝛill, and in bearing out we lolt fight of our Flie boate wherein mater 
Doughtie was, but wee ſapling along, founda fapre and reafonable good Baie wherein were 


many and the fame pꝛoũtable Illands, one thereof bad ſu many Seales as would at the leat oe of 


baue laden all our ſhips, and therett ofthe Illands are as it were ladẽ with foules which is wou 
derfull to ſee, aud they ol diuers loptes, It is a place very plentifullof victuals, and hath in it no 
want of fret water. ert sit 5 ; : 
Dur Generall afrer certaine bapes of bis abode in this place, beyng on Hore in an Bland, the 
pople of the counttey ſhewedthemlelues vnto him, leaping anddauncing,anv entered into trate 
e wich him, but they would not receiue any thing at any mans bands, but the fame mutt bee 
8 plies ground. They are of cleane, comelp, and frong bodies, {witt on fore, and ſeeme to 
e berp actine. 1 5 " i 


The eighteenth dap of Say our Generall thought itneedfultohaues care of ſuch heppen as 4P- 
wert 


abſent, and thereloze indeuouring to ſeeke the Flie boate wherein matter Doughtic was, 
we eſpied her againe the next day: and whereas certaine of our ſhips were ſentto diſtouer the coat 
and to ſearch an harbour, the Marygold and the Canter beyng imployed in that bufinelle, came 
puto vs and gaue vs vnderſtanding of a fale harbourthat they had found, wherewith all ourthips 
bare aud entered it, where we ware red and made nem pxaitſion of victuals, as by {eales, wheteot 
ine flew tothe number of 2,02 300. in the ſpare ut an hower. 5 125 


2274 4 1 
Here our Generall in the Admiral cid cioſt aboid the Flic boate. andtoober out of her all the u j 
burnt. i 


pranifion of victuals and what eis was in ber, and Halling her to the land, fet fire to her. am 
fo burnt her to ſaue the iron woꝛke, which beyng a doing, there came downe olthe tountrxter⸗ 


sapne ol the people naked, ſauing onelp abouetheir waſte the ckinne of fome beat with the furte W 


on beire on, and ſomething alſo mpeathen on cher beads: their faces wete painted wich dien 
colours, and ſome of them had on their heads the fhmilicude of homes, euery inan his bote which 
was an ell in length, and a couple ot arromes. They were very agill people and quicke to de⸗ 
liuer, and ſeemed not to be ignogaunt in the featesot᷑ watres, as hy their qiwex at ranging a frm 
men might appeare. Theſe people would not oka long time recciue any thing at our hands, 
it lengtb our Generall being a Hore audthey daunting after their accuſtomed maner about hun, 
and hee onte turning bis backe towards chem, one lept ſuddenly to him, and tooke his tap with 
bis gold band off his head and ran a little diſtante from him and Hharedit with his fellow, che can 
eo che one, and the band to che other. fal 95 
Dauing dilpatrbed all our bufinelte in this place, wee departed and fee faple, and immediately 
vpan dur letting foorh we lot our Canter which was abſent tee oz foure dayes, but hen dur 


2 


The Cape of } 
p. 


aud 


ar 


. —— ̃ —ͤ—-ASũ.— , .. ̃ A —— — — 
e The voiages and diſcoueries Sir Fran. Drake, 


PPTPEFEEPAPrrrccccC00 owba onbbertenetinn 
oe soso arbors, called by Magellan Port S. Iulian, where wee found a gibbet Randing vpon 
the maine, which we hes ai where Magellan did execution vpon lomect i 
obedient and rebellious 
Thetwo and twentieth day our Generall went a fore tothe maine, and in his anpant, 
Iohn Thomas and Robert Winterhic, Oliver the matter gunner, John Brewer, Thomas! lood, 
aud Thomas Drake and entring on land, they pꝛeſently met with two 02 three ol the country veo: 
ple, and Robert Winterhie hauing in bis hands a bow and arro mes, went about to make a ſhoot 
of pleafure,and in his tranche his bow fring brake, which the rude Bauages taking as a token ol 
. bend che force of their botnes again our company. anddiue theme their its 
very naro N 
_ Guthis por our Generall oe to enquite diligent! p of the actions of . Thomas Dough. 


. — 

eee Sante bb bete bree nn and as it were 
ſhuttings vp, as if tbere were no paliage at all, by meanes whereof we had the wind often again 
vs, eee eee e ded of ambit others could be foꝛced to turne 
e eee eee news „ 

In this llreighe there be many faire Hope of freſh water, but pet they lacke their 
eee no man ſhall find ground to anker in, eps 
F rocks ſo chat il any extreme blalts op cons 
trarp winds doe come(tubereunto the place is much ſubiect) it carieth with it no mall danger. 
be lmdon boch des is very huge and mountandus che lower mountains whereof altbougb 
they be monttrous and mondertull tolooke vpon for their heigth, vet there ate ochers which in 
enen eee enue went i oes 8, that bes 
ttucene them did appeare thice regions of clowdes, 

. ME befe mountaines are couered with frow: at boch the Doutherlp and Gatterly partes ofthe 
kreigdbe ohne ase E fh cer he a bec euen as it 
bach in the maine entrance ol the fte 

. ant Snobs continually, the trees ſerme to ftoope with 
theburden of the weather and pet are greene tonetaually,anb many good and: Cioecte berbes doe 
very ſruitſul ly groin and increaſe onder them. 

The byeadehot the ſtreighe is in fome place a league, in fore ocher places a.leagues, ad eee 
Se near, 4 leagues,bue the nato welt place bath a league ouer. 

. found srent fone of foule 
Eee 1 = then one dap 3000, and vic 


eee. eee ee eo. a an. cava. 


che 


Drake. 


anding vpon 
me ote 


bis companit, 
omas Hood, 
e country p 

0 mate abu 
gas a token ot 
to their ſhilts 


m, ſothat the 
tothe courfe 
ſhment artoz⸗ 
fe, delired be, 
ur Minitter, 
andthe place 
all the compar 
tothe blocke, 
e whole corte 
better contirs 
to receiue the 
reuetent ſozt, 


h the ſereight 
‘foundthe bos 


nv ag it were 
okten again 
ted to turne 


op lacke their 
o anker in, eps 
blaſts oz cons 
danger. 
teof although 
ers which in 
igh. that bes 


partes of the 
, euen as it 


| Roope with 
te herbes doe 


ies, and thee 


fone of foule 
500, and vic 


che 


> Che leuenth dap wer were diuen by a great oyme kram entering into che South (ca two 
bumper leagues and odde in longitude, and one degree to the 


ö rd ol the Areight, in 

heigth and fo manp leagues to the Meſtwird, the fifteenth day ol September fel the 
Eclipſe of che Moon. at the haure of fire of che clocke at nit but neither nid the Ecliptirall 
conflict ofthe MPoone impaire our Mate, nop her clearing againe amend vs a tit, but the accus, 
Homed Eclipſe of the {eas continued in his force, wee being darkened moze then the Poone le 


uen fold, 1 j yo) ope 
From the Baie ( which we called the Baie of ferrering of friends) wee were diuen backe to 372 werben. 


> 


che South wart of the üüreigbts in ss degrees andacerce : in which beigth bee came Coan anker F iert a Peu⸗ 
. Sen IAllands, hauing there feet and very good water, wich herbe ol luuguler vertue. Mot therty tacteude 
farre 


m hence we entred another Baie, where we found people boch men and women in cheit 
Canoas maker, and ranging from one Illand to another to (ecke their meate, who entred traffike 
with us lb ſuch things as they had. 


ee returning hence e foundthe 3. af Detober chee Allands, iu one of Sttober, 
{ca 


which was luch ꝑlentie ol birdegag is icant credible inreport, Aer had bp proofe in this place, 
8s allo at the furthetmoſt Iſlands that the lune being at the leaſt 8, degrees from the Cropike 
af Capicame, che night was but two bo wers long, and ſcant that, lo that wwe perceiued that when 
the ſunne ſhould be in the Tropin. there would be uo nig heat all. 


found to be true, and he F ee okour companp feared, if 

Thus being come into the height ofthe ſtreigbes ag aine, we rau, ſuppoling the coat of Peru 
to lle as the general Paps baue de ſcribed it namely Noꝛthwehf, which we foundto lie andtrend 
tothe Noztheaſt and Eaſtwards, whereby it appeareth that this part ol Peru hach not bene truly 
hitherto diſcauered, oz at the leak nat truly reported for the (pace of 2. degrees at the leaſt, beyug 
{et downe either of pur pole ta deteiue o of ignozaut coniecture. 


Tt continuing our courſe fell che 29. of Nouember, with an Bland called la Moucha,tobere 774 


be caſt anker. and our Generall hoping out our bogte, went with ten of dur company to (hove, 


Soucba in 38 


The 8. day of October we loſt light of one of aur Conlors wherein . Winter was, tho ag Mannen les 
then we ſuppaſed was put by a Roime into the Mreigbts againe, which at our returue home her keuunez. 5 


1 
— U2W2m— — 


where wee found people, whom the cruell and extreme dealings ok the Spaniards haue foxed den ot le 


for their owne laletie and libertie to fice from the maine, and to fortifie themlelues in this Illand. 
Ue being on land, the people cane vo we to vs to the water five with ſhew of great curteſie, 
hHinging do vs pol. vues, rootes, and two very lat ſlaepe, whichour General receiuen and gaue 
them other things lozthem, and had pꝛomiſe to haue water there: but the net dap repaying a⸗ 
galne tothe lhoze, aud fending two men a land with barrel to fill water, the people taking them 
for Spaniards (to whom they ble to bew no fauour if theptakethem) laied violent handes on 

em, and as we chinke ſlew chem *» 

Dur General fering this, Rater here no longer, but wayed anker, and ſet lay le to ward the 
coaſt of Chile, and mawyng towards it we met neere to the Hone an Indian in a Cauca; who 


thinking vs ta haue bene Spaniards, came to vs andtold vs, thatata plate callen S lago, there B. 188. 


was a great Dpanith Hip laden from the king dome of Peru, od which good newes our Generall 
gaue bim viuerg triles, whercof he was glad, and went along with vs ann hꝛoug bt vs tu the plate 
bith is called che poꝛt of Valpariaz- o 7050 1 
Qhen we came tbither, we found in deen the ſhip riding at anker, hauing in ber eight Spani> 
ard and thꝛee Negroes, who thinking vs to haue bene Spaniards anv their friends, welcom⸗ 


n 


N 


med vs wich a dumme, and made ready a Wuttisto of wine of Chile to dinke to bg: but as ſoone veinsotepas |] 


as we were entered, ont af our companp called Thomas Moone began to lap about him, and 
Rtoke one of the Spantards and {apd pnto him, Abe wo Pero ht is in Eugiid une domne dogs 
nt of hele Spaniards leeing perſang ol that qualitic in chole (cas, all tacroſſed, and bleſſex 
felferbur ta be (hort we Rowen ther under batches all ſaue one Spaniard, Mobo fuddentp ann 
deſperately lept ouer booy into the lea, and wamme a thore to the to wue of d. lago ta giut tdem 
warning ol our artiuall. Nn asd of paint 01 nn 5 
Tbepokthe town being not aboue 9 boucpolds wefently fled awap and ahandenedtbe towne, 
Fed enerall manned his boate,and the Spanilh Chips boate, and went tothe Cowne,and be⸗ 
tome to it, we cifled it, and came to a ſmall chappell which we entered, and found therein a Tb 


ner chalice wo cruets, and one altar cloth, the {pople whereof our General gaue to M. Fletcher 


bis minister. : 1 7 ory meet tr it 157d a 11 dai J 2 

Me found alla in this tobme a wareboute open with wine of Chile, ꝶ manp boom of Cevay 

wood all which wine we brought awaß wich vs, and certaine 1 1 1 nſaee 
3 f mm 


ny ann 
Oy 


nes 


1 
‘ 


* 


The voiages and diſcoueries Sir Fran. Drake’ 


aud fo being come aboond, we departed the hauen, hauing frit {et all the Spaniards on land, la- 
Jem Brea Grego uing one Io we ch bri a het our General carten with him for his Pilot to bring 
Ae cake r bim into the hauen of 
eben tor ber at fen ous enral feb he hip, and fottnd in her good fore of che wine of 
Chile, and 25000,pesoes of verꝝ pure and fine gold of Baldiuia amounting in value to 3 7000, 
duckets of Dpanith mone y and aboue. Do going on our courte, we arriued next at a plate callev 
equimbo. imbo, where our Generall ſent 14, of his men on land ta ſetch water: but they were efpien 
a ee 300. hoifemets and 200. fooremen, and ſſew one of out’ men 
with apiece,the ret came aboow in lafetie, andthe Ppaniards departed: wee went on {hoy 4 
. Te- Spenser ne With a flat of tante but ne fe 
and would nottruſt 


From hente p 
the ſea five a Spaniard lying a a peo b st w 
5585 4 Eo 155 Ae an =the ee hich waighed 


atahing Coe cure gree. 
To Lima we came the 1 


hapa cp gob Aine bien Sion 5 tare 1 — 8 
e 
canto the and All pee 

we followed the Cacafuego toward Paita thinking there to robaue foun bes, but but before wee arri⸗ 


Bflands 
5 red there she wag ne frottt thente towards Panama, thor Sama urlurd and by 
doe nay merinith « barkeYaben tbe ropes ants (tachte fo dh toopoebareerieoan pee 
5 found in ber 80. li er ide of gold, enact go th Sesli great Emerauds fein it telle wh 
1 which be locke, mſome of che allo fey bis dbone eoutlen 
Frombence tue veparted full 1 est o, e ee de Uniti 
N 9 paup that wboſdeuuer could fit deſtrit ber, is thaine of 1000 good newes. It peilt 
6 Nansen eee eee ee ok the clocke, and about She 
| Seer A- Areofthe clocke we cante to ber amd boopbet tVerchree pecces of opbinatmee, and cha aur 
7 taken, Stake dotone her Hilen, U entered, we found in her its, vit ſewels and pꝛeti⸗ 
ous Bones, thirteene chelles full e e waigbt eee ' — 
| eee The plane there ine too fds pie, tas atten Cape cifco, about cen otter 
| SB Io wi ty IFO Panama, greeste 
re fran § The name of this thip was Don Franceſco, Wee ott Genes — 
3 eee. en flog: to 10 4 
1 om our General fapd:Sepnior dane deen Sa es waters 
| one of chem, which che Pilot becauſe h not beherwile rhufe, petoeobnta anv gaue the ochee Uy 
enehe dzwarbo un Generate ips. pat (av 
eee bs, bis bap fayette, out Genetall, e e oe iy betto 
{hall bee catlen no mope the Cacafuego, but the Caca ee pour {hippe ſhall bee'callen gen 
Ster ne ſpeach of the Pilots bo vm e c hunden ns lech ben were fe 
— bab be ht ee tot wt this Cacafuego, becatt ber of, ann tre pays 
went on our courte Mill bo warb ‘nner bpreat 


3 . neo h dike seat beh euge wer 
| The 


Fran. Drake. ol the Engliſh nation. 


Drake, | 
wner himlelte of this was in her, who was a MDpanilh Gentleman, fro * 

A e ee: fand ide arne . beat — — 

Plat tu ug e allo with cad the hippe off, 

f the wine of bef ine wt apres 

10 sr aig as tue were eutred this hauen wee landed, and went prefentlp to t 

Als cated — — — — 

v were eipied 

he of our’ men 


t On fhope a 
ur we fee 


they departed, we ranfaked 
f ntitie of a taller rope of ich we bꝛought to our 
Grammys ret bathe topals — en * “a 


U 


dim ö 

Lee ee other Span tt a hosre bis Tenne Skar 
betooke at the Jllands of Cape Verde, out ol a of B. Marie porte of Poꝛtingaleand 2 

ſet them Dee tosbe Alland ol ! Canon una e — eets 


— by the 
cloch, whert / * 
52 888 | 


| 


| 


de 
iene Se a 
to to ſaile ſomembat tly togtt a 3 8 
ae —— er Emde e. 
imatmee, and ai foal, 
45 —— 
Tica hong ä men 24512 
cifeo, about ten otter with lune lo that we dꝛewe backe againe without landing, ti. meen 1 5 
rt our Genes greestomards the line. er eee rer ue dtn pet ber f. 
e pflöts: to tithe good winde to enter the ame. 
needeshaue Auth: Bapelwe mukereo ano ce peopleof the Counteep berg their boats a. ie 
sue che other waters lde ſbewed themfelued neo hn and frat appe(ent eo our General: Toth 
en cepa at pg ene cigs ht eee bb mt San 528 yin 

ine, our hip raft (accoybiner tu bis natucalland accuttomen bmmanitle t) curteouſiy intrexredthem. am liberal: ans ebannent 

ee callepthe ipbenwevon them neceſſarie things to courrtheienakennts; mberenyon they ſuppaſed vs tu be of Meutsee 
8 tere | gens nv wannabe yrtunteno ce curate te peutic penton ont Gemma Bi ia 
5 ee eee bee . 
off, and wee Cbeir boi weviggeb vou abort twit enter bre from the wür biin oft 
with nner etecle,clifts of mood {et vpon them; fopning cafe together at che toppt Idea fp replt, hic 
chings wer . okthat cloſenes are very warme. 


e ders tee ground mich rules eaten ont anblping about toon ao h 


The 


The voiages and diſcoueries Sir Fran. Drake: Tran. Br 


Landen eres go nats sen rahe butrutbes.anb hende them afeceebe manner of fon sand ſuch as 
bempe, and thereof make their loofe Ache dane ee ee their middle ang down their facritices v 
alfo aboutebeie thouluers nite of pia with the batre pent their faces with their 


dilliking this, and f 


ſter they were Departed from vs, eb api e eee and bꝛougbt with whome 
gente Sina tnt 8 dt dt temas, 
a : one a 
ende mete maton long mee ee . S 


n t 
An ake chee rotons could not be long ab 


ture, which depattu 
intreated vs that bei 
— 

r nece 
. thi wed vpon them. Countrey to their v 
mot large, and fat o 
e found the wh 
bignes as be the Bar 
taile of a Rat being o 
gathereth her meate, 


eat accompt of ch 
ote 1 eral 

e white bankes 

. en dn ng — che ſcepter, op mace before the fone efit with o 
* —— agen ego 882 chainesof a maruclous Esai 


jeſties right andtitle 
ingrauen her Maiell 
the prowince and peo 


in a peece of fire penc 
the name of our Gene 


ayo ence pe ee Ema ben urch eld gage. 
— bie wen aa neon 
Plate making. approching, ea ‘hep being troopedcogether in 
toefs oper ana a general faluration e 


che feepeer bene tbe Bi tothat of: e 
ewt manty wiegt oie, deine Gath en conti 


wardolthe line, fro 
4. in ſume 6. and in 
noas were hollowe v 
without. and bearing 
okone forte, peelding 
fox a hauerie, and ot 
mope 09 Lele arcmvi 

This people haut 
. 
bands are an ynchel 
ofan herbe with a ku 


whole chitin 
__,Befcending ta the foote of che bil, fet 8 my in. 
Baltoarks and e ſtepter bearrt began u long, abümmg bis 
ios ee attatelp 7. . 1. — 33 


LA wein the women 
— eee een gere een, 


sopurtncea gift b 4 
— ＋ Arete de ean dcp ban fests — . 


=) \ aw. ‘Biuersot 
* pation ok be n 
——— aan an nef 


Ae continued oi 
the Boztingals chet 
The 14. of Moue 
rected our courſe tu: 
Ring of Ternate, his 
all feare, and tante a 
tunne in with Tcrna 
tomming, and won 
wan cht nigbe be 


S.Fran.Drake. of the Englith nation. 


fon sand luch as pleaſed their fancit, (which were the yongelt) they inclofing them about of: 
rothe ſacrtüces buco them with lamentabit weeping, frei, aud rearing the fleth from 
their faces with their natles, whereof iMuedabundance ol dioode. But wee vled lignes to themol 
dilliking tbis, and ſtaied their hauds from lohce, and directed them vpwards to the liuing Good, 
whome onelythep ought to woyſliype. Chey Hewed vnto vs their wounds, and craued helye ol 
them at our hands, whereupon wee gaue them lotions, plaiſters, and ointinents agreeing to the 
Rate of their grieles, beſeeching God to cure their diſea len. Euery thirde day they Lnougbe their 
ſacrilices vndo vs, vntill they vnderſtoode our meaning that we had no pleaſure in them: pet they 
could not be long abſent from vs, but daily frequented our companie to the houre of our depat 
ture, which departure ſermed fo greeuous vnto them that their top was turned into ſoꝛro m. They 
peng ene we would remember them, and by ſtelch pꝛouided a facrifice, which 

milliked. 

Dur neceltariebulines being ended, our Generall with bis companie crawailed vp inea the Great bros 
Countrey to their villages, where wee found heardes ol Deere bp 1000. in a companie, being : 
mot large, and lat of bodie. 

Me found the whole Conntrey to be a warren of a ſtrange kinde ol Connies, their bodies in Nansen 
bignes as be the Batbarie Connies tbeit heads as the heads of ours the fett of a Cant, and te 
taile of a Rat being of great length: vnder her chinne om either five a bagge, into the which the 
gathereth her meate, when ſhe bath filled her bellie abꝛoad. The people eate their bodies and make 
great accompt of their ſuinnes ſoꝛ their Kings coate was made oft 

Our Generall called this Countrey, Noua Albion, and that for two caufes: the one in reſpect Mona wibion, 
ol the white bankes and cliffes, which lie to war ds the fea: and the other, becaule it might haue 
ſome affinitée with our Countrey in name, which fometime was ſo talled. 

i 4 is no part of earth here to be taken vp.tubercin there is not a reaſonable quancitic of gal S 
o ſiluer. f 7 ‘fous 


ea 
At our departure hence our General fet vp a monument of our being there, as alfo of her Pa. Ain. 
jeldies right andtitle to the lame, namelp a plate, nailed vpon a faire great potte, was 
ingrauen her Maieſties name, the day and peere ofour arriuall there, with the free giuing vp ol 
the pꝛouince and people into her Mateſſtes hands, together with her highnes picture and armes, 


ina peece ol fire pence of currant Engliſh money vnder the plate, where vnder was allo witten 
the name ol our Generall. a 

It ſeemeth chat the Spaniards hicherto had neuer bene in this part of the Countrep, neither 
did tuer diſcouer the lande by many degrees tu the South wards of this place, 

After we bad ee lalle from henc e, we continued without light of land till the 13. dap of Octo- ett 
ber following, which day in the moming we fell with certaine Illands 8. degrees to the opel: ande n B.ves | 
wardolthe line, from which [Hands came a great number ol Canoas, hauing in ſome ofthem ** 

4. in ſume 6, and in ſome alſo 14. men, bringing with chem coquos, and other fruites. Their Ca- Strange Cae 
noas were hollowe within. and cut with great arte, and tunning, being very ſmooth within and 
without. and bearing a glalle as if it were a home daintily burniſbed, hauimg a pꝛobe, and a Cerne 

ofone forte, peelding in ward circle wiſe. being ol a great heigth, and full of certaine white ſhels 

ſoʒ a hauerie, and on each fide of them lie out to peeces of timber about a pard and a halfe long, 

moꝛe 09 leſſe, accoding to the lmalnes. on bignen of the boate. 

This people haue che nether part oltheir eares cut into a round citcle , hanging vowne very 
lowe vyon their cheekes, whereon they hang things ola reaſonable weight. The nailes oftheir 
bands are an ynche long their teeth are as blacke as pitch, and they renem them often, by cating 
ofan herbe with a kinde ol powder, which chep alwaies carrie about them ina cane ſoz che fame 


Alle leauing his Illand the night after we fell with it, the 18. of October, we light vyon dé Aands. 

ners others ſome whereofmade a great ſbeweol Inhabitants; 

e continued our courſe by che Illands of Tagulada, Zelon, and Zewarra, being ſubiert to 

the oztingals the irk whereok hath growing in it great ſloze of Sinnamon. 

The 14. ol Nouember we fell wich the Alauds of Molucca, which dap at night (baui. g di. Mourmber. 
rected our tourſe tu runne with Tydore) in coating along the Illand of Mutyr, belonging tothe — 
Ning of Ternate, his Deputie o; Viceking ſeeing vs at ſea, came with his Cauoa to vs withounune 
allteare, and tande abooꝛd, and after ſome conference with our Gencrall, willed him in anp wife ta Che Baer 
umme in with Ternate, and not with Tydore, affuring him that the ting would be glad of bis min. 
comming, and would be ready tu doe what he would require. for which purpole he binftife . 
would that night be with the King and tell him ihe newes, wich whome if he once e 


The voiages and diſcoueries Sir Fran. Drake. 


finde that as he was a Ring, ſo his word Mould and: adding further, that if be went to Tydore 
before he came to Ternate, the Ring would haue nothing to doe with va, berauſe he held the Po 
tingall as his enemie : vhereupon our Generali reſolued to runne with Ternate, where the next 
mozning early we came to anker, at which time our Generall ſenta meſſenger to the king with a 
veluet cloke fop a pꝛeſent, and token of bis comming to be in peace, and that he required nothing 
but tralfike, and exchange of merchandise, thereof he had good fone in (uch things as he wanted. 

Juche meane time. the Uiccking had bene with che King arcoꝛding to his pꝛomiſe, ſignifying 
vnto him what good things he might receiue from vs by traffike: whereby the Ring was mo: 
wed with great Liking towards vs, and ſent to our Generall with ſpetiall mellage, that he fhouty 
haue what things he nerded, and would require, with peace, and friendſhip, and mozeoner that he 


Thann. would peelde himſelfe, and the right of his Aland to be at the plealute and commandement of (0 


é 


dun bete famous a HMince as we ſerued. Intoken whereof he {ene to our Generall a ſignet, and within 


12 jpn ſhoꝛt time after came in his owne per fon, tach boates, and Canoas to our ſhip, to boing her into a 


0 fede be better and lafer roade then the was in at that mefent, 


In the meane time, our Generals meflenger being come to the Court, was met by certaine 
noble perſonages with great folenmitic , and bought to the Ring, at whole handen he was mot 
friendly and gratiouliy intertained. a 

Che Ring purpoling to come to our ippe,fent befope 4. great and large Canoas, in tuerp one 
tohereof were certaine of his greateſt Rates that were about him, attired in white la wne of cloth 


| The great and of Callicut, hauing ouer their heads from the one ende of the Canoa to che other, acouering of 
E thinue perfumed mats, boꝛne vp with a frame made of reeves fea the fame vle, vnder which tuery 


Cecuate. one did ſit in his oꝛder according to his dignitie to keepe him from the heate of the Dunne diuert 
of whome being of goud age, and grauitie, rid make an ancient and fatherly ſhewe. There were 
Ad diuers pong and come ly men attired. a white, as were the others: the ret were ſouldiers, 
l ſtoode in comely oꝛder round abe at on both ſides, without whome fate the rowers in cer: 
ae galleries, which being chꝛee on / five all along the Canoas did lie off from the five thereof 2. 
vi eee r ee ange er another, in euer y of which galleries, were the 
Loh kad 4. ſcoze tower. e 

. CTheſe Canoas were furniſhed with warlike munition, euery man foꝛ the moſt part hauing bis 
ſwonde, and target, with bis dagger. belive other weapons, as launces,calevers darts, bowes, and 
rem bb re final caſt baſe mounten at che leaſt one full parde vpon a ſtocke 

et vpꝛight. d. 8 
Thus comming neere our in oder they rowed about vs one after another, and paſſing 
bp, din theit homage with great fo e great perſonages beginning with great grauitie dt 
katherly countenances ,fignifping that 5 king bav ſent them to conduct out ſhip into a better road. 
Doone alter, che Ring himlelle repaired,accompanicd with 6, graue aud ancient perfons, who 


rang didtbeirobeiſance wich maruelous hunmilitte. Che Hing was a man of call Nature and ſermed to 
Franc. Babe. be much delighted withthe ſound of our muſicke, to whome as alſo to his nobilitie, our Oenerall 


gaue pꝛeſenta, where with they were palling well rontented. a 
At length che Ring craued leaue of our Generall to depart, promifing the next day to tome a: 
bond, and in che meane time to lend vs ſuch victuals, as were netelſarie fo) our pꝛouiſion : ſo that 
the fame night we receiued of them meale, whichthey call Sago, made of the tops of certaine 
trees taſting in the mouth like ſowze curds but melteth like figar , whereof they make certaine 
cakes, which may be kept the ſpate of cen yerres, and pet then good to be eaten. Tice had of them 
sri itor liquid ſugar, ſugar canes; anda fruite which they tall Figo, 
The Ring bauing pꝛomiled to come aboopd, brake his pꝛomiſe, but ſent bis brother to make 
bis excuſe, and to intttate out General to come on thoare, offring bimfelfe pawne abooꝛb for bis 
ſafe returne. Ahereunto our Generall confentcd not, vpon millike conctaued of the bꝛeach ol his 
momiſe, the whole companie alſo vtterly refuting it. But to ſatiſũie him, our General ſent certaine 
of his Gentlemen to che Court, to accompanit the Rings brother, reſeruing the Uiceking faz 
their ſafe returne. They were receiued of another dother of the kings, and otber fates, and were 
conducted with great honour to the Caſtle. The piace that chey were bought pinto, was a large 
and faire boule, where were at the leaſt 1000. perfons alſembled. . 
She King being pee ablent there Cate in their places So.graue perfonages,all which were [aid 
to be ol the kings Counſell . There were befides 4, graue perſons appa rellen all inred,powwne 
ann ta the grounn, and attitev on their beads like che Curkes, and theſe were ſaidtu be Romanes, and 
eee eee e 


Drake. 


to Tydore 
ld the Po 
che nent 
Ring, with a 
D nothing 
he wanted. 
ſignifying 
g was mo: 
at he ſpould 
duer that he 
dement of fo 
and within 
g her into a 


by tertaine 
pe wag moſt 


in tuerp one 
wne of cloth 
covering of 
which euery 
unne diners 
There were 
re ſouldiers, 
mers in cers 
ide thereof z. 
ies, were the 


t hauing bis 
„ bowes, and 
ppon a ſtocke 


and palling 
at grauitie dt 
a bettet road. 
yetfons, who 
nd ſeemed te 
dur General 


ap to tome a: 
ilion: ſo that 
s of certaine 
lake certaine 
e hadof them 
v call Figo, 


ther to make 
abnoyd fon bis 
breach of bis 


S:Fran:Drake. ; of the Englith nation. 


Ligiers tnebis place and one Italian. Che king at laſt came in garded with x 2. launces couercd 


Che nrateie 
outt with a rich canopie, with embolled golde. Our inen accompanied with ene of their Captaines alas 


called Moro xiſiig to meete him, he gratiouflp did welcome, and iutertaine them. He was attired 
after the manner of the Countrep, but moze ſumptuouſly then the reſt. From his waſte done to 
the ground. was all cloth of golde, andthe fame very riche: his legs were bare, but on his keete 
wert a paire of ſhoes, made of Cordouanfkinne . Ju the attire of his head were finely meatheb 
hooped rings ok golde, and about his necke he had a chaine of perfect golde, the linkes whereol 
were great, and one folde double. On his fingers hee had fire very faire ie wels, and ſitting in 
chalre of eſtate, at his right hand toove a page wich a lane in his hand, breaching and gathe⸗ 

g the aire to the Ring. The kanne opie e and in hzedch one foote, {et with 8. 
richlp imbꝛode red. and knit to a alte, 3. foote in length, bythe which the Page did hold, 


and mooue it Dur Gentlemen hauing delivered their meſlage, and receiued oder according, 


were licenſed to deyart, being ſafely conducted backe ag aine by one of che Rings Councell. 


bis Wand is che chiefettof all che Illands of Molucca, and the Ring hereok is king of 70, 
Alands beſides. The king with his people are Woores in religion, obleruing cercaine newe 
Poones with kaſtinga: during which fats, they neither cate nog duke in the day, but in z nigbe. 

Alter chat our Gentlemen mere returned, aud that we had here by the fauour ol the king receie 


und all necellatie things that che place could vswur General canſſdering the great dſtance, 
and how farre he was pet off from his Counttep, thoughe it not bet here to linger the time auy 
hunger, but waping bis ankert ſet out ol the Alland, and lailen to a certaine lit le Illand to the 


South wards of Selebes, where we graued our thips, and continued there in that and other buſinel: % title Allan 
uus, 26. bales. This Alland is tho wiy groum my. wood of alarge and igh qrotuch,verp ftretabe nas et a 


aud without boughes, laue one ip in the head az top, bole leaues are not much differing from one des. 
1 Fiery wenn 


tioome in England. Amonglttheſe trees night hynight, through the whole land did ſhew them 
ſelues auinſinitel warme of fierte women flying ii the atte, hole bodies being uo biggerthen 
our common Englich fies, make ſuch a ſhem and 8 ikeuery twig oʒ tree had bene a burning 
candle. Nu chis place bꝛeedethalſo wonderful fore of Bata, as bigge as large hennes: ot 


ats. 
Ceaphithes alla here wantedno plentie,annchep ok errkeding dignes, one whereok was ſufiicient 4" 


fon 4. bungrie ſtomacks at a dinner being alla very good, and rellozing meate, whereof we had 
experiences and they digge themſelues holes in the earth like Conies. 

. Mien we had ended aur bull es here, we waied and let ſaile ta runne for the Moluceaes: but 
hauing at that time a bad winde, and being among the Allar da, with much dillicultie we reco: 
ueredtathe Ruchward of the Alland ol Selebes, where by reaſon of contrarie windes not able to 
continue our courſe to runne Mell wards, we were infoꝛced to alter the fame to the Sauthward 
againe finding that courſe alfa ta be perp hard and dangerous for vs, by reaſon of infinite (hoales 
which lieoffandamong the Illands: whereof we had ton much triall to the hazard and danger 


ekout hippe and lines. Foz of allother bates upon the 9. ol Aanuarir, in the peere 1579, wee Zamariets 


rane ſuddenly vpon a rocke, where we ſtucke falt from 8. ok the clocke at night. til 4. of che clocke 
in the alternoone the next day, being in deeve out ol all hope ta eſcape the danger: but our Genes 


the a 
rall ag he bad al mates bicherto bewed bimtetfe couraqipus, and of a good confidence in the mets spon ar 


tie and protection of Godꝛſa now he continued in the fame, aud lett he houln ſeeme to peri{h wil · 
fully, both he, and we did our beſt indeuour to laue our ſelues, which it pleaſed God ſo to bleſſe, 
that in the ende we cleartvour ſelues molt happilp ofthe danger. 

le lighted our ſhippe vpon the rockes ol 
changing krom che Rare boop to the larbooydofthe hippe, wee hoiſrd our ſailes, and the bappie 
gale — — offehe tocke into the fea i tothe no litle comlozt of all our hartes, fo 
wwbich we gaue God ſuch pꝛaiſe and thanks, as lo great a benefice required. 


3. tunne of tloues, 8. peecesofordinance, ¢ certaine Clones. 
meale and beanes: and then che winde (as it were in a moment by che ſpeciall grace of God,) AN 


ofa 


Che 8, vay of Febmarie following, we fell with the fruitful Illandol Barateue, hauing in the Kenna, 


mene time luffeted manp dangers by windes and hoalds. The people ofthis Mand are come da 


Ip in body; and ſtature, and of a ciuill behauiour.iuſt in dealing, and curteous to ſtrangers. whereot 


we had the experience ſundzy wales, chep being moſt glad ok our prefence , and verp readie tore: 
letue dur wants in thoſe things v hich their Countrey did peeloe. The men goe naked, ſauing 
their heads and ppiuities euery man hauing ſome thing oz other hanging at their cares, Their 
women are couered from the middle Dotune to the foote, wearing a great number of bracelets vy⸗ 


onebeir armes iim lome had 8. vpon each arme, being made forme or bone, ſome of hope, and ſome 


patle che ligbteſt whereol by our elſtimation waied two ounces apeete. 
1 — linnen doth is good marchandize, and of godd requeſt, wohereofthey 9 


4! 


The voiages anddifcoueries Sir Fran. Drage. 
7 3 


rols fo} their heads, and girdles to weare avont them. sy 

Their Illand is boch riche and fruitfull: riche in golde, Hucr, copper, anv ſulphur, wherein 
they ſeeme ſkilkull and expert. not onely to trie the ſame, but in woꝛking it al ſo attiticiallp into a 
np fone and faſpion that pleaſeth them. b 

Their fruites be diuers, and plentiful, as mitmegs ginger long pepper. lemons, cucumbers, 


coquos, figu ſagu, with diuers other fortes sand amang all the rett, we had one krutte, in bignes, 


forme and huſke, like a bape berrie. hard of lubſtante, and pleafant oftalte, which being lodden be⸗ 
(ounmnendati⸗ Urtmneth ſolt, aud is a mof good and wholfome victuall whereof we coke reafonable tore,as we 
N did alſo of the other fruites and ſpices: fo that tu conteſle a trueth ſince the time that we ſirſt {et out 
Ku“ e; of our vwne Countrey of England we happened vpon no plate ( Ternate onely extepted) where 
5 in we found moze comfores and better meanes ok refreſhing. e 
dau ma. At bur departure from Barateue: wè ſet our cvurſe fo aua maior, where arriuing, wer lounde 
| great courteſie, and bonopable entertainment. Chis Alland is gouerned by 5. Rings whom they 
call Raiah: ag Raiah Donaw,and Raiah Mang Bange, and Raiah Cabuccapollo, which line ag 
haning one ſpirite, and one minde. ee neee een 
Okthele fine we had foure a ſhiybooꝛd at once and two oꝛ three often. They are wonderfull dev 
lghted in coloured clothes, as red and greene: their vpper parts of ebeir bodies are naked, ſaue 
their heads, whereupon they wearea Curkilh roll as doe the Moluccians: from the middle down 
ward they weare a pintado of filke,tratling vpon the ground in coldur as they belt ie. 
Saen The Moluccians hate that their women ſhould be ſeene of ſtrangers: but cheſe offer them ol 
of te people high curteſie pea the kings themſelue s. 
Ni. The people are of gvodlyſtature, and warlike wen pꝛoutder of wonder and tur pets, with dag 
gers, all being oftheir owne woꝛke and mot axritictally done, both in tempering their mettall ag 
47855 alfo in the fozme, whereol we bought reafonable fore.” ae 0 
They haue an houſe in euery village fop their common aſſemblie: euery daß they meete twile, 
men, women and children bringing with them {ich victuals as they thinke good, ſome fruites, 
ſome rice boiled, ſome hennes roaſled, ſome ſagu, hauing a table made 3. Foote from the ground. 
thereon they fet their meate, chat euerx perlon firing at the table may eate, one reiopeing inthe 
tompanie of another. e n 


| Aner- Chey boile their rice in an earthen pot, made in forme ok a Cupar loafe, being full of holen as 


dur pots which we water our gardens withall, and it is open at the great ende, wherein they put 
their rice dꝛie, wirhout anp moiſture . Juche meane time they haue readie another great earthen 
pot, ſet falt in & fonate, boiling full of water, whereinto they put their pot with rice, by ſuch 
inealure, that they {welling become foft at che lirſt, and by their welling lo pping the holes of the 
pot, admit no moze mater to enter but the moze they are boiled the harder and moze firme ſubſtance 

ſhep betome o that in che ende they are a firme and good bead, of the which with vile, butter, ſu⸗ 
ger, and other {pires, they make diners foxtes ol meates very pleaſant of taſte, and nouriſhing to 
nature, 

The French pocks is here very common to all Ind they helpe themſe lues litting naked from 
ten to two in the Sunne, wherebythe venemous humour is da wne out. Mot long before our des 
parture they told vs that not fare offthere were fach great (hips as ours, wiſhing vs to beware: 
vpon this our Captaine would Map no longer. i i 

From Iaua Maior we ſaiiedſo the Cape of Good Hope, with was the ſirſt land we fel with⸗ 

‘ all: neither did ine couch with it, oz any other land vntill we came to Sierra Leona, vpon the coat 
Secret of Guinea: not withſtanding we ranme hard abood the Cape finding the repozt of the Poztingals 
Amade s to be moft falſe, who affirme . that it is che molt dangerous Cape of che toon, neuer iutt bout ins 
_ Rangerons ae tollerable formes and pefent danger to trauatlert, tome neere the ſame. 
St _ Chis Capersamoft lately ching and the datei Cape we fatne in the whole cirrumferente ol 
wenont, the earth, and we paſſed by it the 18. of Tune, g 
Werra leona. Fromthe. ace we contumed our courſe to Sierra Leona, on the toaſt of Guinea, where we artis 
Dider trees. ued the 22. of Julp, and found ne iliong, great fore of Elephants, Ditters vpon trees 
a of one kinde, ſpauming and increaling Mnémitelp,che Dinter ſufering no budde to growe. Me de · 
patted thente the 24. dap. f 


ling rice. 


Me arrined in Euglandthe third of Monember 1580, being che third peere of aur depatture. 


Inſtructions 


— 2 
way to be excee 
velell, as by adi 


timpoztance n 
ſuch matters {01 


dall in che begi 
place ff ft map| 
tion was appoi 
fo manp of the f 
vpon his peceal 


aap able 
ally into a 


lodden be⸗ 
topes we 
irſt {et out 
pted) where: 


whom hep" 
bleh line as 
derfully der 
naked, laue 


. down 
fer them or 


B, with bags 
rmettall ag 


meete twiſe, 


efore our des 
to beware: 


we kel with⸗ 
pon the coat 
 Wortingals 
without in⸗ 


unference ol 
here we arti 


B upon trees 
we. Mede⸗ 


rbeparture, 


ructions 


fuſtrudlions. 


Drake,. 


icumber, 
10 bignes, 


wee ſdunde 


to Edward Fenton Eſquire, for the order to be obferued in the voyage recom- 
mended to him for the Eaſt Indies and Cathay. Aprill 9. 1582. 


RK Fttt pou thal enter as captaine General , into the charge and gouernement of 
; theſe ſhiypes, viz. the Beare Callion the Edward Bonauenture,the Barke Fran- 
4 eee . 11 05 a 

U 2 Item pou ſhall appoint fo; rniſhing of the veſſels in the whole to the 

ry number of 200, able perſons, accompeing in that uumber the Gentlemen and 

„ cheir men the Miniſters, Chirurgians, Factors, ¢c, which ſaid number is no 

pay to be exceeded, whereof as manp as map be. to be ſea men, and thal diſtribute them into euerp 

bellell as by aduiſe here befoze your going (hall bethougbt meete: Nꝛouided that pou ſball not res 

teiue vnder pour charge ¢ goucrnement, any diſoꝛdered op mutinous perfon, but that vpon know 

yoge had, you {hall remoue him before pour departure hence, oꝛ by p way as foone ag pou can cons 
wenientlp auoide him, and receiue better in their plates. 

3 Item, fop the moze and better circumſpert execution, and determination in any waightie 
cautes incident in this voyage, we will that pou (hall cake vnto pou fo? aſſiſtances, captaine Paw 
ling, captaine IIlarb, . Nicholas Parker, P. Maddox, P. Talker, Euans, Randolph, Shaw, 
Pathe Talbops, wich wbom pou ſpall conſult and conkerre in all caufes, matters, and actions 
tlimpoztance not pouiden fo in theſe inſtructiong touching this ſeruice no we in hand. And in all 
ſuch matters lo handled, argued, and debated, we thinke it conuenient that alwapes to be executed, 
which you ſhall chinke nicetett with the alſent alfo of any . ol them, the matter hauing bene deba⸗ 
ted and la allented vnto, in the pꝛeſẽce of pour laid Aſſiſtants. And in cafe that it ſuch conference and 
Debating the opinions ofthe alozeſaide Alliſtants be founde in effect aup way to differ, then itis 
thought meete,chat all ſuch matters fo argued bpon, hall reff to be putin execution in ſuch lont, ag 
pou (hall thiuke moſt meetctt, hauing che allent of anp 4, of them as afozeſaide. And it any of theſe 
Aanants ſball die then the number of the one halle ol the Suruiuours tu ioyne withthe General 
Captaine fo2 conſent in all things afozeſatd. 

4 Okall which vour allemblies and conlultationg for the matters aforelatd, we thinke it bery 
tonuenient, that a particular and true note {ould be kept, for which caule de appoint matter Pad. 
dur miniſter, andi he Could deceaſe, chen the Generall with halbe the Alliſtants Suruiuours, to 
name one to keepe a booke of all (uch matrers as ſball be brought in conſultation, and of all ſuch 
reafonsas ſhall be propounded by any perfon, either on the one five, oz on the other: what was ree 
Auen on, and by whole conſent, who dilſented therelrom, and for what cauſes. In which baoke he 
hall in the beginning of the inte of euery luch allemblie, fet do une particulerly the day, and the 
place if it map be, the names ofthe perlons then prefent, and bpon what ocraſton the ſaid confultas 
tion was appointed op holden, and (hall haue to euerp acte, the bands of the General, and ot all, o 
fo many of the laid Alliſtants as will ſubſeribe: which booke the {atv maſter Maddox, oz the ocher 
vpon his beceale appointed in his place (hall keepe ſecrete, and in good oꝛder to be exhibited vnto 
vs, at pour returne home. eri, : 

5 Item, ik there happen any perfor on perfons imployen in this ſeruice, of what calling 
i condition he op they thall be, ſbould conſpire, oʒ attempt pʒiuately op publikelp, anp treaſon, mu / 
tnie, o other difcord, either touching the taking away of pour owne life, oz any other of authonicie 
vnder pou, whereby her Maieſties leruice in this voiage might thereby be ouerthꝛowne . impug · 
neds wwe will therefoꝛe, that vpon iuſt proofe made of anp ſuch creafon, mutente oz anp other diltoꝛd 
attempted as aloʒeſaid the fame ſhall be puniſbed by vou, oꝛ pour L iuetenant, attowing to the qua 
Litie and enoꝛzmitie of the facte. Nouidedalwayes, and it ſball not be lawfull neither fo) pou, nop 
for pour Liuetenant to exteede the puniſhment of any perſon, by loſſe of life oz limme, the 
partie ſhall be iudged to haue deſerued it by the ret of pour Alliſtants, as is before tell v, 07 at 
the leaſt by foure ofthe, And that which ſbal l concerne life to be by the verdict of twelue men, ol 
the companie employed in this voyage, ta be umxanelled for that purpoſe, with the obſeruntion of 
the lame of our Countric lawes in that bebalfe, as neete as pou map, Pꝛouided, fit ſhall not ape 
peare, that the fo bearing of the execution by death, hall miniſter cauſe to intreaſe the facte of the 
olfendour, then it were better to tonuince the partie of his lacte, by che oches of 12. indilferent pers 
fone andto commit him to hard impꝛiſonment .vntil the returne. And al well of the factes commit⸗ 
ted by anp, as allo of the pꝛoofe thereat, and ol the opinions of you, and pour Alliſtants, and the ma 
ner ofthe punithment , the Negiſter thall malte a particuler ann true note, in the booke of pour cons 
lultattom, an it before appointed, 5 "a a 


of the Englith nation. 644 
fnftructions giuen by the honourable, the Lordes of the Counfell, 


645 The voyages and diſcoueries The Inftrudliuni. 


s Atem, pou tall not remooue captaine Tlilliam Dawkins pour lieutenant, matter capteine 
9 Carlile 6H Luke lard pour Uiteadmirall, m captaine of the Ebiward Bonaventure, op captain Carlile 
wem nat in from his charge bp land, whũ we will not to refule any ſuch leruite as ſhall be appointedto him by 
ce berate. the Geuerall aud che comcell,nop any captaine of other vellels from their charges, but pon il 


tauſe dulie pooucd,and by confent of pour Alliſtants, op of 4 ofthem atthe leatt, 

7 Item d the luccellion ef the Generail gouernour of this whole voyage, if it would pleate 
God to take him away, it is thought meete that chere ould bee the names ol {uch Gentlemen ſe⸗ 
cretlylet doume to fucceed in bis plate one after the ocher, which are ſeuerally toritten in parche 
ment included in bale of IAaxe,ſealed with ber Maieſties ſignet, put into two coffers locked tnith 
three ſcuerall locks, whereot oue key is to be in the cultodie of captaine Luke Tard, the other of 
William Hawkins the third of malter Maddox che miniſter, and the fame two coffers to bee put 
into two ſeuerall ſhippes, videlicet, the one coffer in the Gallion, in the cuſtodie of the General, 
the ocher in the Exward Bonanenture in thecuſtodie of the Uiceaomirall, the ſame two coſſeta up⸗ 
on any ſuch cafualete of the Generals death by tonſent ofthe ATitanes which ſhall ouerliue, co 
be openen and the partie therein named to lucceedinthe place, who ſhall thereupon take vpon him 
the charge in the {aio voiage arco ding to theſe inftructions, in uch fort as it they had bene {pects 
ally directed vnto him, and the reſt ol the compante foto cake and repute him in euety reſpect, ag 
they will anſwer to the contrarie. But ik it {hall lo fall out, (as we hopeit will) that there (hail bee 
no fuch need, but that the Generall doe continue Kill, chen thall pou at pour returne veliuer backe 
ata Le bals ol waxe ſealed in ſuch foxtas they be, without opening them, vnleſſe it be 
in the tale afoeſapd. 

8 pou ſpall make a iuſt and true inuentoꝛie in euerp ſhip and velſell appointed for this voyage 
of all the tackle, munition and furniture belonging to them at their ſetting fooꝛth hence, and of all 
the pouiſions whatſoeuer, and one copie therof vuder pour hand, under the bands of pour Uite⸗ 
admitall and lieutenant, to be veliuered to the Erle of L eiteſter, and the other to the Gouernour of 
the compante loꝛ them be fone pour departure hence, and the like to be done at pout returne home of 
all things chen remaining inche laid ſhippes and veſſels, with a true certificate hom and by what 
means any parrell ok the lame ſhall haue bene ſpent oz loſt. 

9 Item you thal vſe all viligence polſible to depart from Southhampton with pour fain Kips 
and beſlels, before the laſt of this pꝛelent moneth of Apꝛill, and ſo goe on your courle hy Cape de 
bonaSperanca, not pafling by the ſtreigbtut Magellan, eithet going o returning, except vpon 
great octaſion incident, chat wall be thought otherwiſe good to pou, by the aduiſe and content of 
pour {aid Alliſtants, o; 4 uf them at the leaſt. 5 

10 Item you ſhall not palle tu the Nuntheallwardthe feytie degree ok latitude at the mon, but 
Chall take pour right courte to the Illes of Moluccaes; fu che better diftouerie of the Noꝛthwel 
patlage, if without hinderance of pour trade, and within the fame degree pou can get any knot 
see touching that pallage, wherol pou {hal do well co bee inquifitine agoccation in this lot may 


11 mya ee. eee ee 6 oh ob oad 
der pour courle as that pour and veſſe e not one another, but keepe company 
both out ward and home ward. And leaſt they happen to Ter esse teeta tec other ö U 
other wile it thal not be amille that pou appoint to ehe captatns and maſters, certain plates where: 
in pou will Ray certaine dates. And euery hin palling afoehand, and not knowing what is become 
ofthe otber Cups to leaue von euery Pꝛomoutonie dd Cape, a tolten to ſtand in light with a wy 
ting lapped in lead to declare the day of their paſſage. And if any wilfulneſſe oz negligence in this 
behalte {hall appeare in any perſon oz perfons that hall haue charge of any of che fips oz veſſels 
Pil ilchey oꝛ any of them thall due ocherwiſe then to them appertaineth, you dall puri 
ſuch ollen ders ſharply to the example of others. 5 N SILA 20 

12 Item, we vo ſtraigbely enioine pou, and tonſequently all che reit imploied in this voiage in 
any tile and as you andthey will anfivere the contrary at pour comming home bp the lames of 
this realme that neither going terping abꝛoad na tetutning, you doe ſpolle op cake anp thing fra 
any of che Queens Mateſties friends op allien . any chiſtians, without paying iuſtly fop p; fame, 
top that pou vſe any maner of violence oꝛ force againſt any ſuch extept in pour onne defence if von 
Shall be fet vpon, o be lozted lam pour otune ſafegard to dolt. J 

13 It we wil that you deale altogether in this voiagẽ like good and honelt merchants, traf 
quing ¢ exchanging ware ban ware, with all turtelie to $ nations pou {hall veale with, as wel Cee 
nils as others, ¢ for that caule you thal inſtrutt al thofe p thal go with you, chat whenſoeuer vou? 
any of pou (hal happen to come in any place to conference w mne 


ther 
ſo ſeaſed of fuck 
foone as he can 
Lieuetenant, a 
penſe he is to bi 
puniſbmkt, as 
punithen here a 
16 Item 
amour, 02 any 
aue that it (he 
juate accomy 


andthe other 
18 


chrender an 
gainſt ſuch a 
20 Iten 


4 
1ftrudliont. 
— — 
t, mater capteing 
F captaine Carlile 


wolntedto him 
ges, but vpon 4 


‘fit dould 

Gru 
14 

fee locks ney 

Hard, the other of 


hall ouerliur, co 
on take vpon him 
ep had bene ſpech⸗ 
euety refpect, ag 
hat there thall bre 
rne deliuer backe 
em, vnleſſe it be 


dfoz this voyage 
b hence, and of alf 
bs Of pour Tice 
he Gouernour of 
t returne home of 
how and by what 


th pour fain tips 
urſe hy Cape de 


g. excepe vpon 
7 tonſent of 


eat the mot but 
the Ronthwelk 
an get any know 
nin this lun may 


England ſo to oz 


e thins) befkl 
por Hall punith 


mchte woinge 


) 


LEAL — IN, 
The Inſtrudliont. ol the Englifh nation. 646 


wings and theirg, pou and they ſo be haue pour ſelues towards the {ard people, as map rather pꝛo 
cure their kriendſhip ¢ good liking toward pou by courteouſneſſe, then to moue them to offence, q 
miaing x eſpecially pou thal haue great care of $ performance of pour word, ꝑomiſe to them, 

14 Item we will, that by che abuile of pour Alliſtants, in places where pou and they all 


thinke mot fice, pou ſettle if pou can, a beginning of a further trade to be had hereafter : and from srrange pros 
laces doe bing ouer with pou ſome ewe men, and women, if pou map, aud doe alſo leaue ple to be bion⸗ 
fome one 07 two, oz mare, as to pou, and pour Aſſiſtauts ſhaltſceme conuenient of our nation with abt dame. 


them fon plenges, and to learne the tongue, and ſecrets ok the Countries, hauing diligent care, that 
in deliuering, and taking ol hoſtages, pou deliuer not perſonages ol moe valuethen pou receiue, but 
gather Deliner meane perfons vnder colour of men ok value, as the Inſiee ls doe for the moſt part 
die. Pouided that pots Rap not longer to make continuance of further trade, then ſhalbe expedient 
op good exchange of the wres pꝛeſently caried with pou, 

15 Item pou ſhall haue care, and give generall warning, chat no perfon of what calling foes 
wer he be. hall take vp, o keepe to himſelle and his pꝛiuate ble, any ſtone, pearle, golde, ſiluer, oo. 
ther matter of commoditie to be had 07 foundin places there pou ſhall come, but he the ſaid per on 
fofeated of ſuch Rone, pear le, golde.ſuer, mother matter ol commoditie, Chall with all ſpeede, 0p fo 
foone as he can detect the fame, and make deliuerie thereof to pour felfe, op pour Miceadmirall, q 
Lieuetenant, and the Fatto; appointed for this vopage, bpon paine of fotaiture of all the recom: 
penle he is to haue l his {erutce in this voyage bp fhare, oꝛ otherwiſe: and further to reteiue ſuch 
puniſbmkt, as to vou, pour Alliſtants, o; che moze part of themſhal ſeeme good, ¢ otherwile to be 


punithen here at his returne i according to the qualitie of his offence, it thal be thoughe neediull, 


16 Item, ik the Captaines, Marchants oz au other, ſhall haue anp apparel, ie wels, chaines. 
armour, oz anp other thing whatfoeuer , which may be defired in Countries where they ſhall tral⸗ 
ſique, that it (hal not be Lawful fo them o anp of them to traffique. oꝛ fell any thing thereof foꝛtheit 
puuate accompt: but the fame ſhall be pꝛayſed by the moſt of thole that ſwalbe in commmilſion in the 
places where the fame may be fo required, rated at uch value, as it may ber reafonably worth in 
England , and then ſolde to the profite of the whole voyage, andto goe as in aduenture fo> thoſe to 
whom it doeth appertaine. . ' 

17 Item you pour (elfe (hall in the Gallion keepe one booke, andthe Factors appointed fop 

the fame thip another, wherein ſhalbe a iuſt accompt kept, af well of chemarchandize caried hence, 
asofthole pou thall bzing home. And af mell at pour ſetting fooꝛth, as krũ time to time, as exchange 
fhalbe made. vou ſhall {et pour hand to their booke, and they theirs to pours, andthe like oꝛdet hall 
pou lee that the Captaine, and che Factors in the Edward Bonauenture, ſhall vſe in theit hippe, 
andche other Captaines aud Factors in eache other vellell. . 
18 Item pou ſhall giue Graig ht oꝛder to reftraine, that none thal make any Cartes, 02 Beferip: 
tong of che ſaid voyage but ſuch as halbe deputed by pou the Generall, which {aid Carts and deo 
{riptions, we thinke meete that pou the Generall ball take into pour hands, at pout returne to 
this our coat ol England leauing with chem na coppie, ¢ to prefent them vnto vs at pour returnet 
the like to be done ik they finde anp Cartes, oꝛ Mappes in thoſe Countries, 

19 Item pou ſhali at pour returne ſo direct pour courſe, chat all the ſbippes vnder your go⸗ 
nernment map come home together, and arriue here in the riuer of Thames, ik it may conuenient⸗ 
Ipbe, And wbereſoeuer in this Realme pou, op anp ofthe ſhippes ſhall arrtue, you ſball giue ſperial 
and ſtraighe oꝛder, chat no perſon of what condition fo euer he be, ſball vnlade, op bꝛing on lande. oz 
foonth of the vellels in which it came, any part oz partell of marchandiʒe, oz matter of tommoditie 
hougbt in any of che (aid vellels, vntill we being certified of your, on their arriuall, hall give furs 
theroꝛder and direction therein, vnder the penalties and fapfairures exppelled in the 1 5. article, ae 
gaint ſuch ag thall retayne any ching to their priuate ble, a in the lade article is further expreflen. 

20 Itemtotheintent that all ſuch perfons , as thall goe with pou inthis voyage map better 
vnderſtand, what they ought to doe, and what to auoyde, hethinke it requitice that aſwell out of 
thele, as otherwiſe with the aduiſe of pour Aſſictants and matters of the Reps, pou tall cauſt fome 
conuentent onder to be fet downe in writing fop their better gouermment both at Mea, and land, 
t they fhall bappen to goe on land any where. And the ſame to be openlyx read, and made kuowen 
buto them co the intent they may vnderſtand bow to behaue tbemſelues z and vpon any fault come 
mitted. notto haue auy extule to pretend ignoꝛance, and foto auoide ſuch puuiſhenent as it is requ 
ſteto haue miniſtred, for the keeping of them in good oer. ** 

21 And to the end God may bleſſe this voyage with happy and pꝛolperous 
ne au siperiall ture ta fee chat reucreuce and reſpert be dad to che miniſtern appointed to ar · 
comtpanle pou inthis bopage, as apperteineth to their place and calling and to * 


— n. 
647 The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton and Ward, 


as by them thalbe fee downe fop tetoꝛmat ion of life und maners, dnely obeyed and pertourmed y 
caulung the tranſgreſſours ano concemners of the fame to be ſtuerelp puniſpe d, and the miniterg 
to temoue ſometime from one velſell to another. 

22 Pʒouided alwapes, that the whole direction and gouerument of the people, life aud imme 
extepted. as in the fifch article, and the courte of this voyage ſhalbe tubolp at pour diſpoſition erceys 
in the courte bp the Sptreight of Magellan, either outward op homemard, and in pour pallage 
by the Noꝛthward of 40 degrees in latitune. wherein pou thalt followe direction fet botwne inthe 
9. and 10,articles,as alſo in the diſplating of che Captaine of she Edward Bonauenture,¢ ocher 
captaines, wherein pou thal followe cheopder appointed in the 6. article: Mouided that we meane 
not bp this article toverogate any thing to the auchouitic of pour Alliſtants eablithen in the thnd 
article, o in any other article of chele inſtructions. 0 

23 Item in all occalious andencerprifes chat may fall out to be vpon the land, wee will that 
captaine Carlile Tall haue the generall and chiefe charge thereof. 

24 And ſmnally wee require pou and euery of you to haue a due regard to the obſeruation and 
arcompliſbment of the fe our inſtructions. and of all ſuch other things, as may anp hind of way tend 
to the furtherance and benefice olthis ſeruice committed to pour charge. 


The voyage intended towards China, wherein M. Edward 
Fenton was appointed Generall, written by maſter Luke Ward his Vice- 
admirsil and Captaine of che Edward Bonauenture , begun 
f Anno Dom. 1358 2. 
De ſecondok April Jveparted with the Edward Bonauenture from Vlache⸗ 
wall, and the 19. of the fame artined in mettle rode at Hampton, where 3 found 
riding the Gallion Leireſter, and ſo remaining there till the firkk of hay, wer 
B, (et ſalle thence in the foꝛenoone being of bs in the whole Fleete 4. ſaile. 
: 1 The Gallion L eiceſter of 400 tunnes Avital, whereof was Generall, 
captaine E dward Fenton and cMiliam Hawkins che ponger lieuttnant Gener 
sand Chpiddopber Hall, matter, 3 Gouin flow 
r 300. tunnes Uiceadmnirall, thereof was Capeaine Luke c vs. and fo w 
Hertie maſter. Lit 
3 Che Francis ot 40. tunnes, whereof was captaine John Drake, and Tillam Warkant 


mater. 93 ! 0 i te . 
at Che Cater of 50. tunnes, whereok was Captaine Chomas Skeuington aud Rave 
rane ma er. 9 5 . g 
Me (pene by meanes partly ofbuſinelle, and parglp of contrary winds, the moneth of Pay vy 
on the coat, and then leauing the land we put off to fea, and pꝛoceeded on our voiage intended by 
the grace of God for China:wvntill che moneth of Auguit following, nothing fell out muth tooxhp tis afoze, and 
the knowledge of the world, which is not common to all Mauigants, but about the beginning of 10 f tioche tt 
Auguſt aforefapn, being ſomewhat nette the coaſt of Guinie, vpon the ſhooting off of apeece i the Porth tore 
ing out of a flag in the Admiral. I went on boop, F . Kalter, P. Shaw, . Oeffties, our we ankred in 
ler e pilot with me; where the generat counſel was aſſembien to conſider okt wo points, viz. fan without 
efirtt, it wereneteſlarie to water prefentl poz hot, which was thought very nerdeful!l 
of all men, and fo concluded. 0 n ian im ti 
The 2,- where the het and apteſt plate was to water in, which was thought of the greater 
number to be at Sierraleona, anthe coaſtot Guinie, which wasalſo concluded, and bythe Patter, 
and Bildes agreevto gor hence Southentt which determinen we returned abooyD, ind left Nitho 
las Allen, my matter Carpenteraboomtbe Gallion, md his boxe to cake phplike, 
Che day of guguſt. we went all day, and all nigle S outheaſt: the forenoone in ſtaping our 
brenn witha fenvokthe Sea batting the top Calle, and all abjode, we cracked the atme within 
3. pardes onder the toppe, fince which time we wert in great fearcof it. i 
Cb Day at noone matker Pall. and Edward Gilman, with ochers cue aboopd, and bꝛoughe 
dur matter Caryenter. and one of their Carpenters with bim, to mend our matte which we medled 
wot withall: and after fone conference they went abooꝛd againe. Me went al this day Dourheatt 
ans Cad Southealt tal c. a clocke at night, that we ſawe the lande of Guinie , which bare Noth 
taſt of vs about 12. leagues olf which ſerne, we ſounded, and had no ground: ehen went Farid our 
Patter and Pilote abooothe Apmirall,¢ after many debatements, contluden to runne in Worthy 
eat by Calandat 1 1. at nigbe we caum abooyd againe, and went all night JRorcheatl by Eat. 
She 48 in } fompengone,we were within 2 leaguesol play which date sheer 


— 


— 


and M ard. 


—ů——— 
nd perfourmed y 
„and the Miniterg 


ple, life aud 
het et 


din pour palage 


in fet dawne in the 
nauenture, 

ded that we meane 
bliſhed in the thrd 


ND, wee will chag 


e obferuation and 
p kind OF wap tend 


Edward 


s Vice- 
n 


ne from Vlacke. 
on, where 3 found 
irt of Bay, wer 
e 4. ſaile. 

if was General, 
lieutenant Genes 


8 Capeaine Luke 
lilliam Patkam 
ington and Rafe 


oneth of May vy: 
lage intended bp 
out much woꝛthy 
the beginning of 
ef of a peece c the 
.Gettries our 
wo points. viz. 

ht very needekull 


he of the greater 
d bythe Pater, 
d, and left Nicho 


ne in Paying our 
the fame within 


nd, and bꝛoughe 
mbich we medled 
day Sourheatt 
hich bare Noꝛth 
went Jaud our 
runne in Mor 
then dy Eat. 

Aten wilt 


rolt 


ss ‘ * — — . — cate = . 
Fenton and Ward. ot the Engliſh nation. 648 


soe ike a bigb bell full of woodeg, ann of each five towne Land, we being petfwaded bp out Pilote 
that it was the entrance into Sicrraleona,went in Mopeheatt until we wete within an halfe le 
of the Goze,and had houghethe Mouth polut Pouchea by Cat or vs. At 11. a clorke we fine: 


ung ita baie, and not Sicrralcona, bought our tacks aboond and Rood along Mett by Noth and 


Pict larboopd tacked. . 


AInthis time our Admirals pinnace rowed in, and went en land vpon che Beuth five ofthe bate, 


andthe Elizabeths boate with her. They mund houſts of bourhes, and in one of the houleg the 
ofa beaſt, and a bullocks tongue freſh killed, Alſo a lake with plentie or freih water, and 
water fifh init hard by the fea five s chep found dit pomegranates, and peaſe like nites, with 
icher vnknowen kruites vnder thetrees. The Eltzabeth ranne in, and bꝛouughe the Sourb poine 
Mouth bp Ciel of ber, and anhrev within Faulcon ot ofthe ore in 7. ka vote ose, where they 
woke fith with baokes, while he Rate for the boates, ae 5 
Che 4. all the afternoone we ran alongthe coali( which lieth Porch well by Hoth, and South: 
tuſt by South) Cet, amd wishin a point one wap oz the other, (ema the land vnder dur Lee, 3. 
14 league s off, and all night lite wiſe. b 


Che 5. day at 6. in the moming wee went Meſt nonchwelk, and Mozchweſt by Wielt with a 


frank gale, the Noꝛthermoſt land bearing Noꝛthwelt off vs, 1 2. leagues, ¢ the Noytheaſt land vn ⸗ 
ner our Lee within z leagues, So we ran along till 12. at noone: chenthe wind ſhiſted vpon vs 
tothe Noꝛth nonthweſt: till 3. aternoone, all which time it blew litle but rained much. J went off 
hith our Chiffe,and ankred in 18. fadome with a grapne ll, aud found the cutrant to fee to che Catt: 
ards, At z. the wind came againe to Mouth a franke gale, ſo we went along within 3. leagues 
of che Chore LUeſt by South larboonn tacked. At 6. at night wee Haped our courte off as neere as 
we could lie Tet next hand, and fo went all night. 

Che 6. day at 6. a clocke in the foenoone, being 5 leagues off the Mor, we went in Porth: 
welt, and la the {hips food along. At 7. a clotke J went aboo d the Eli and ran into the ſhoꝛe 
Nonthweſt and by Noth till we were within a league and a halfe of the land, aud ſaw a breach; of 
hallows water vnder our Lee, shen we tackedok (Melt being in 7. favoine fad at 9. a clocke: and 
forunning along we lam as we chinke ts Tflands, but dirt noe put in with ehem, leaſt the fips 
houln folow vs and be on the Lee thope. About 1 1,4 clocks we thonghe p Meldermoſt lund 
of vs, and fo we edged off after our fhips,and ar one aſternoone J got absozo che Edward againe, 
ano ſtood heute larbooꝛd tackev. CNet ¢ Men nosh welt, till 8.4 lache a nigbe, that we came to 
anker in 10. fadome lacke a fourth part, grey ſund andthete rid all Duting time, we 


which time, 
- founva tive w nmberp Grong, which runnetß ii the flout Nh eheaft, and the ebbe ſetteth out 


Sout ſouthweſt. ! 

. Che 7.of Auguſt about 7,akternoone, M. Hawkins came aboo d vs, with whom my felfe, our 
matter ¢ pilot had fome conference what was ben for vs to do and howto ſeeke a harbour being on 
aſhallsm vnkuo wen to vs all. In che env we thoughe good at 9. a clocke to weie, e ſendthe Fran 


tis afoꝛe, and to get iuto deeper water if we could, ¢ when it were cleare to ſeeke the harbour. At 


io a tloce the ebe was come, ¢ although it were thicke and rainie weather, we weied, and ran 
North nozthwelt, and Monthweſt til none, and chen ſeeing the miſerable weather of raine fog. 
be ankred in 9. and a halk fadome, hauing gone befope betwoeene 1 2. fadome , to 4. fadome, 3 
find without light of land. At 4 in the aſternoone it clear vp and we had light of the Elizabeth, 
andof a mall Illand very high, like the pike ol Tencrif,6 leagues off vs, Nontheaſt, then waxing 
thicke and rainie againe. The 8. after g. clocke afore noone, wee weied, and went hence orth 
nortbinett, vntill 1 2. at noone nd from mone till dat nigbt we went Moꝛch next hand to lecke the 
Rhone which we bad ſighe of at 5. in the afternoone and bare nowheatt of vs being bigh land. Che 
round Alle aud two {mall Iſtandg which we ſum by it, bare Call. and to the South warns at 5. at 
night, After 6. at nighethe Elizabeth came by and told b¢, the loft an anker and a cable, and was 
pucto Lerwards into 17. ſnote water by truſting to an old cable. 

Chen the Gallion came roume, and wor all ankved at 7. a clocke in 14. fabome ſand: Dur fhip 
taytd wponthe ſioud Melt ſouthweſt. 

Tbe gat ʒ in tbe mamiug our Amirall pot off a pere, and at 4. wer weird and went bence 
Aoityeatt, At 3. in the morning we ſawthe land along. and the Illamd which wee ſawe che night 
before and ditters othet Alanvs about it, and ſo tan in Northeaſt vntfli we had bꝛongbe our (elves 
thwart of the riuer, andthẽ ran in Catt abont 6. at night. being a league buthin the riuer. Our Ate 
miratl thot off a piece, and there we aukren in eight ſadome fanv. Being ar anker, A manned our 
boat and would haue gone aboow che Amirall, but could noe the floud was bent lo ſtrong. and the 
tinhalle a mile beneath vs in the tive, bur we had no cide, . 


4 


4 


649 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries Fenton and Ward, 


The iin the moꝛning at 5.4 clocke I ſent our Chiffe with our pilot in her to find the rode, and 
watring place: in the meanctime at 6.a cloche, we fet faile with our Mp, and being calme wie 
towed with our boat vutill 10. and then ankered a mile ſhox of the watering place, After dinner 
A went a land with mp Chiffeco finde timber to liſp aur malte, and ſearching along the {hore wee 
found a good watring place: and further ſerk ing in the wood, which all the countrey is ful ck, nd 
ol diuers ſoztes, we found L immon trees ful of fruits: alſo trees growing bp che water five with 

the ſtalkes hung full of oiſters and great yeriwinckles and crabhes amongitthem: wee found die 
pontegranates with many other fruits vukno wen ta vs, In the meane time our Admirall andthe 
e e barkes bauing a gale at Cet, ſet ſalle, and ran vp and ankrtd in the rode bel 

he accultomed place. i 

About 5 afternoone A came aboopd,¢ brought 6.barricoes of water wich mes after, I went and 
ſupped aboozd withthe General, where we conferred, and about 8, at night I came aboopd again 
and rid quietly all uigbt. dua 392 

The 11. dap our long boat with the maſter and pilot, went aland e taried all out water cafke, 
which they waſhed and filled to ſeaſon, & our Cooper repaired part of the ſume. In the meane time 
A carpenters ¢ others went in our ſ kifle, and found atree to Sith our loꝛemaſt, which we 

eller, but not able to carie it away becauſe it would not ſ wim, we left it till a better meane were 
made tu boie it. After J wich my companie went vp into a pꝛetie rier of freth water. a mile into 
the countrey, which was full ofoiſters growing vpon trees, and very freſh water, which bone, we 
gathered ſome Limmons and came aboopd, The 12. being Sunday, we had a generall comme 
nion in both the hips, Alter dinner I went abooꝛd to the generall, and ſpent the alternoone with 
him in couference, and ſupped abooꝛd, and diuers ſtrangers wichme. 

The 13. of Auguſt, we were alſembled aboo d the Admiral, for the deſciding of controuer 
ſies betweene the Captaine, Maſter, and companie of the Elizabeth: by pꝛoofe it appeared vntu 
vs that the Maſter Ralfe Crane, had in ſpeech deſerued Come puniſhment, ſo that we by genttall 
tonſent agreed, that he ſhould be put zuto the Bilbowes, which was done: but within halfe an 
owe, at mine, and others requeſt, he was vpon bis ſubmiſſion releaſen. hich done, we dined al 
withthe General, and after dinner, with my boate and {hiffe, we went and bꝛought the tree fo fie 


thes len our matte into a ſandie Bape, by our watring place, to haue it ſquared, uhich done with 


dur wachers, at night we retutued abood. f 
The 14. in the forxenoone,we waſhed our ſhip, and ſctaped olf the Barnackles, the Generall 
tame aboond, and dined wich me, and Captaine Drake, Maſter Hall, and others. After dinner wer 
went to the old watring places F tomthente J went abooꝛd the Elizabeth, and bought divers 
things away ꝛ then we carried part ofour water cafke to the other watring place, ¢ there I met 
with P. Hawkins. P. Maddox, . Walker, M. Lewes, and diuerg others, which al firpped aland 
there with ſonden Oyſters, e a frelh Mullet, and Rice pottage, and came late aboozd of all hands, 
by the maine matte. N 
Che 16. day in the forencone, we fricke done moſt of our Oꝛdinance, aud beſtowed moſt of 
our things abaft matte in hold: and in the aſternoone, we tocke in 4. cunwes of water, and certain 
things, which J fetched out of the Elizabethofours, 

Che 17. wee romaged, and tooke in water, and J kept my cabbin, being ſicke: the Generall 
tame abooꝛd, and ſupped with me. 


The 15. day we tomaged , and got vp our ſtrong beere out of the foꝛmoſt roome, and placed it . 


The 18 day we tooke in water, c romaged our hip all the foxenoone, About noone there tame 


down the riuer a canow with 3. Hoztingals in it, with whom J had conference abooꝛd 5 Admiral. 

Che 19.ol quguſt being Dunday it rained all the night before, and allthe dap, till 2. a clocke 
after noone: then I manned our long boat and (hiffe and went a land into the oiſter bate, where J 
met captaine Palins, captaine Parker, captaine Drake, with all our boats, aud 13 0 nen which 
came all to gather oiſterg, where with we laded our boats, and ſent them abooꝛd wich the greateſt 
number ol our men: and we with the reſt went ouer landthꝛough the Limmon garden, and gathe⸗ 
red many which we caried abooꝛd with vs, and ſo parted to our charges. The 20. day our compar 
up Towed our pinnace, and fetched certaine things from abooꝛd the Elizabeth: the carpenters {et 
vp one fich of our fopematf, our Caoper repairen ſome of § caſke which che ſpꝛung tive had bꝛoken. 

Nhe maler pilot aud F in our ſ hilfe went along the riuer to the vttermoſt baie, at the comming 
in at the Cilett end. here we founda flat baie, yet acrooked chanell in it: and we went a league 
vpa frech riuer. which at the vpper end was fo thicke of diſter trees, that wee could not get to the 
Head of it, ſo we returned backe againe to the Ileſt point, and there J oblerued the lunne : which 
done, we felled two Palmitotrees and came to the bathing place, where we walded, and rettelhed 

3 our 


Fenton andW 


Chis dap allo we wi 
mall and there M. W. 
Che 22. day the Po 
chet Portingals and N 
sfrice, 500. and odde 1 
gerall, and the rice and 
fales, hauing neede of tt 
ud naugbt. whereol w 
cs had 5 buthels and tl 
the Gallion 300. and é 
pineſſe vp che riuer to 
b: who not finding be 
with the Admirall, and 
ing had many good 
Che 23. dap J te 
indothers went on la 
firewood, and brought. 
55 24, Uap ob 0 
nthe foxenoone in 
om ‘After dinner C 
limmons for the cone 
doste was bꝛought ful 
Che 25. day of Aug 
which was fullp acco 
prafe, wood, hoopes, al 
nee J cooten my tarre, 
ofthe ſettles in mp cab 
Che 26 dap being! 
taine Drake, M. Euar 
ith me safter dinner 
Dliphaut, but Caw hin 
and ſupped together. 
Chis night J was 
ting of a fraite of 
bo cate foure, lome 


peafonr, 
The 27, bay in the 
quett chat hee mixbe! 


font themlelues in be 
time J Cent 4.ofmtpt 


Ward, Fenton and ard. ofthe Englith nation. 650 


rode, and urlelues and came aboodde, where wee had paper, and (upped, and ſ weneto bedde: but before 
mung we had much winde and raine. 

Che 21 hay in the moꝛning J went aboeyd che Admiral to viſite him, and found bim gone vy 
sheriuer in dis pinnelle, then I brake my fate vuth Ceptaine Hawkins and the reit: which done, 
wpkbour newe mabe nettes we went a filling into the Oyller bay, where wee pitched our nettes, 
meaning to daue made a maught : and as wee waded wich our nettes, wee lawe in the water 
ang bs & Crocodile 07 Alligato, which we aſſtulted, and within 3. boures / ter many wounds fg br 
nich lilgigs pikes and (hot, We ſlew him and bꝛought him abooꝛde the Avmirall, where hee was 
gpened,anid flaped, in whoſe body we found many ſmall ones, and of Palmito nuts, 

Chis day allo we went a hunting, and being wearie we bꝛougbe fome oyſters abooꝛde the Ad 
ntall and there M. Walker, M. Lewis and J {upped : which done we came abochd. 

Che 22. dap the Portingals which had bene with vs before, came downe and brought fome 
ſchet Portingals and Negroes with them in a ſhippe boate, wherein they brought vs do. mewes 
sfrice, 500. and odde walght ol Oliphants teeth, and a boy Negro, which boy they gaue the Ges 
ntrall, and the rice and teeth fez the Elizabeth which wee ſolde them, with all her tackle, and 
fales, hauing neede of the rite, betauſe our meale which we ought out ok Eng land was decayed . 
id naughe. whereof we had into the Edward 30. buſhels, which is a mew and a halle sthe Fran- S 
cis had 5. buſhe ls, and the Gallion had the reſt. And wee had 200, waightof Olipbants teeth, and Poringais, 
the Oallion 300, and a halfe, and 6. li. During this time wee ſent our fhiffe wich the Anntirals 
phtnette vp che riuer to meete with a Gondall, which the Portingals had ſent fa freſh victuals fo 
bs: who not finding ber, returned at night: All this day J wich 9, Walker remained abooꝛde 
wich the Admiral, and after their dinner and ſupper we ended our buſmeſſe, and returned aboord, 
bpring had many good {peaches with the Portingals. 5 

Che 23, day I temained romaging aboowe,in which time the Patter with the Carpenters, 
indochers went on lande and felled moze wood taz ſiſhes for our malte, and cut a boates lading of 
firewood,and brought it aboozd. 

The 24, dap in the foxenoone our Generall and Captaine Parker tame aboowe, where wee 
pate the forenoone in talke, and after Seruite J ſent foꝛ M. Hall, aud M. Maddox to dine with 
them, ‘After dinner Captaine Parker and J, our boates full of men went on lande, and gatheren 
limmons loz the companie, which done, wee returned aboopde our ſhippes: in the meane time our 
bote was bꝛought full of wood abooꝛd and the Carpenter ſquared timber. 

Che 25. day of Auguſt I was ſent forto the Generall about ſurniſhing vp ofthe Elizabeth, 
which was fully actompliſhev and de liueren to the Portingals, Out of her our boate bꝛoughe 
peaſe, wood, hoopes, and many other ſuch necelſarieg. The Portingals dined wich meeꝛ after dins 
net I cooten my 1 him, and filled him with water:and this dap Iohn Iohnſon toughe 

in. 


ofthe ſettles in my cab 
dplacedit Cbe 26 day being Sunday, Captaine Hawkins, M. Maddox, M. Hall, P. Banniſter, Cape 
ane Drake, 99. Euans, M. Hoode, and others tame abooꝛde and heard the Sermon, and dinen 
ed moſt ol with me: after dinner we went on ſhoare to the lower point where wee followed the footing of an 


d certain Oliphaut, but ſaw him not, and ſo ſpent the time to and kro till ſupper time, e then came abooꝛde, 
and ſupped together, which done, ech man departed to his abode. N 
Chis night I was very ſicke, (and fo were all theythat were on ſhoare with mee, ) with ea sickenes op 
king ok a kruite of the Countrey, which wee founde on trees like nuttes: WMhereok ſome Eutin bes 
Wo cate foure, ſome fue, fome fixe, and moze, but wee vometted and froured vpon it without nea. 


on, 
The 27. dap in the afternoone, the olde Grecke Franciſco, came aboopde to mee, wich ree 

quett that hee migbt haue the Francis boate to goe vp for his owne boate, which was not come 

dotone, with home J calken of this Counttey and Counttep people, vntill five of the clocke at 

Urde chat the loud was come, and chen J went aboowne tothe Abmirall, and got bis confent,and 

fent themlelues in her: viz, Ferdinando the Portingall Maſter, and his Negro: In the meane 

tune J {ent 4. of my men to toateh in the Elizabeth all night. 
Che 28. pay in the moꝛning at 4 a clocke, J ſeut my Chie with the Admirals pinnelle downe 

tothe Nel point to fith, duho came aboonde ayaine at one in the afternoone, and brought as much 

Mas all dur companies could ente. 11295 ; 

During the time that our boates were a liſhing, came dotone the riuer a Cano ¢ the Por- poo tered 

r n nn. 

nich: and allo the rell of the rice mie ta us fen the paiment or the Elizabeth, Fod the partitions 

whereof q went aboo the Admmirall, where J 1 2 After dinner, M. Euans e . pty rho 

un P chants, 


651 The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton andWard, 


awap ccrtaine of the thips commodities with the Negrocs, without acquainting the General] 05 
anp other vntil he had done, tobereof grew moze words then pot, as by the bookes of Pate han 
dile appeareth. A bich done came aboopd,and had 2,0f the Portingals to ſupper with me. About 
2. A tlocke in the mopning we han a Ternado, and much raine. 
bey bart Che 29. about 4. in the mopning. J in my ſhiſſe, and Captaine Parker in his pinneſſe, went 
the Countrep, Dotone to the Mel point, and there wee lauded with 17. men in all well furniſbed, and fearchen 
the woods, plaines and plathes, after an Oliphant, finding the bau ing and fople of many 
neuulpy Done, pet we ſame none ol them. Ille ſaw hors, goates, m fans, ann diners ſoꝭta of foules 
verp wilde: and hauing crauailed about two leagues, about noone wee returned to che pant, 
where we landed and met our boates which had bene at ſea, and taken plentie ol good fith: there 
wee refrethen our ſelues with ſuch victuals as wee had, and came aboopde our ſeuerall chippes, 
where J found the Portingals aud Negroes, who bad dined, aud after ſupped aboore with me, 
Alter ſupper J bartred with them certaine linen cloth, and gaue chem 2. rede cappes lo 3, 
Dliphanes teeth, as by che notes thereof appeareth. a 
The 3. dap in the moꝛning at thee a cloche F ſene my pinnelſe co ſea a fithing, and after our eral, and Mer 
lang boate to bee mended and trimmed, which boch returned thꝛee in the afternoone :te dune event true 
General, Captaine Parker, and Captaine Drake, came aboowde mee at Reruice time, anvatter . 
examined certaine of the Portingals and Negroes fop things by chem bought of our companies, J tap 
and eſpectally fo a ſtolne cloake, which would not be beard ol: which doue we (upped aboopde to: 
gether, and after they returned to their charges. 
Che laſt of Auguſt I went on lande, and obſerued che ſunne, and made proofe ofother Inſttu⸗ 
mente, and had the Matter, and others with mee: after wee mewe ſiſhe wich our nette. Inthis 
time Malter Shawe, and M. Euans ſawe a bullocke and ſhotte at him: Mee rainged a great Che o. dayl 
deale of grounde, but coulde {ce none, and fo returned aboopde, where ſupped with mee the N athet 4 
ofthe Poningals. At two of the clocke in the mopning, our lite went to fea a flhing, and ban tn gee 
ottle weather. 85 
Stpumber. Che firtt of September about due of the clocke in tbe mozning wee let lalle, and got downe amit 
with little winde at Nonheaſt, to the eftwards two miles: then being calme at . a clocke wer pet, Certaine 
ancred. 1 ’ 0 5 
After Seruite and dinner, in our long boate, the Patter, P. Walker, h. Geffreys and other, Smiths The the 
went on lande into a bap with our nette. where wee dꝛewe aboue 70, filhes, and cut a palmecree, Wong to lila 
The General being abꝛoade a liſbing with bis pinneſſe came into me, to whom A gaue part of out dt, and at nos 
fith,and returned aboond where wee found plentie of fich taken in our {hiffe,foy which wer thanken don g 
ee eee ſudden ſlawe of winde, raine, and lightning, ill oa e q nee 
clocke: after. a faire night, x 
The 2, we fet ſaile at 6. in che moꝛning, and went out Welk betwene 7.and 10, fathome, with 1 
a pretic gale at Eatt till 8. chen it wager” alme, wee being thotte out of the harbour a league and ann M 
abalfe, It continued calme this dap till one in che afternoone, and then it blem vp at Melt ſoutz . 15 lia 4 
welt, a good gale, ſo we food of orth Morbhwek, and Morb welt 5. in the afternoone then we fiche as nige 
ancred in 1 2. fathome, being 6. leagues off the point Meſt by orth, 4. Che 12 hay 
This afternoone Captaine Hawkins came abooꝛd to me and bzought the ſamples ok clothes, bith whoffe ch 
which he deſired to haue put into the aduenture, and to haue our Marthants pꝛaiſe them, which to — 
do the better I fent thein aboczothe Admirall. to conferre with the Generall and the ref, here thong the Pon 
pol da ca 1 a ee taking them into the venture, loꝛ that they could not agree to Ger J ban be 
Captaine Hawkins liking, : — 
Shep — 2 18. ~~ d. a tlocke inthe 3 the Generall came nigh to mitt, 1 ape “aii 
t his maine trees were bꝛoken, and therefoge determined to goe into Sierra leo 10 
ne, phenche winde bleweat 12. ar noone wee (et (aile, aud went in Enſt foucheatt,and Southeatt,and nieht we 
Douthloutheatt, being carried to the Noch warde with the flouv, And at 7, at night wee ancred in 
8 fathome 3 ofthe entrance (Hie Runthwelt. . 
Allthis day che General remained aboagd with me dinner ſupper, and Seruice,til we ancted, 
which time we diſcourſer, ec. 
Che q day about 1 1. at noone we fet ſaile, and ood in Southeaſt with the ebb vntill we were 
within a mile of che entrance, and then finding it calme wer ancred in 14. fathame 2 snfleof the 
Mel point:in comming tu ancre, our quarter Watters, let ſip an aucte, and newe table, ende lop 
endethnough negligences Captaine Drake being a thoare with bis boat a fiſbing, put offthinking 
torecouer bis barke but could not, and wich much paine got abooyve me where be ſupped and bis 
companie, and Raped all night. Edt. che 


and / ard, 


ng the General y 


dokes of Marchan⸗ 
per with me. About 


ö bis pinnelle, went 
then, and learched 
and fople ol many 
neg (ois e 
al e to the point 
ol good filh: there 

ſeuerall ſhippes, 
abooꝛde wich me, 
ede cappes fo) 3. 


hing, and alter our 
he afternoone : the 
ice time, and after 
ok our companies, 
ſupped aboopde to: 


ofe of other Inſlru 
our nette. In this 
ee rainged a great 
ped with mee thre 
a a liſhing, and had 


ile, and got downe 
e at g. a clocke wee 


effreys and otherx, 
nd cut a palmetree. 
2 gaue part of out 
which wer thauktd 
0 lightning, tilloa 


d 10, fathome, with 
rbour a league and 
vp at Meſt fourhs 
fternoone,then we 


famplesof clothes, 
aif them, which to 
wthe reſt. here 
p could not agree to 


nee, complapning 
ierra leona againe 
md Southealt, and 
ight wee ancred in 


uice til we ancted, 


ebb vntill we wert 
thame 2 mileofthe 
pet 
’ 

, Farppeo an bi 


The 


here we {upped and were merry together: after fepper 


About 6 came the olde Portingall, and 3. moe wich bim and booughe me Oyeuges, and plane 
tuns, and ſupyed with me. Aſter {upper they went abend the barke, 

The 6. before day, boch eur boates went dowue with the Admirals boates to fihe, and mage 
in our ancre and cable, and found it not: after our ſ kiffe went a Athing, and tobe plentie. J bee 
lag aboopd at dinner, the * came and dined with me. After dinner in the boate I went a 
hoo the Generall, and thete left my Carpenter: my ſelle, with 9, Walker, M. Maddox, and 
iehers. with our net dꝛew good ylentie of th, whereol J carried part aboond the General and fips 
ped with him. Alter (upper . Walker and I came aboopd. 5 

Che 7. dap in the mopning J ended manp owinaxie buſineſſes : after dinner J called the Ger 
netal, and went downe with the net into the accuftomed bap, e there Drew 120. fh, wherof were 
fome great mullets. The Gencrall went aboonde to ſuppe with Captaine Drake inthe Francis: 


Adaped late on ſboare, and ſuppev abood wich our companie, all fauing 9B. Walker, who ſupped 


ind temained all night with the Generall abooꝛde Captaine Drake in the Francis, 

Che 8. 5 our companies of all hanves went on fhoare, aud let vp a Smiths forge, and an 
men to bake bead : J went in to the Cockle bay with our net, and finding no plentie of lch there, 
vent to the other bap, and brought aboo plentie ofliſh, aud Captaine Drake with mee whome J 
nut there without a boate, aud 4. men with him. 

Che 9. day being Buudap, M. Walker went aboo we the Francis to miniſter the Communion 


tothat companies, and there be bined: J went aboopde the Admirall, and there heard Deruice, and 


tere dined: after dinner mot part ok our people went on land, with the Generallto plath trees, 
and make place ſcʒ the Carpenters and mithes on thoare ; and J in my ſkiffe went downe and 
tooke fit} in our nette for ſupper, and returned before night. and (ent the Genetall part fop bis ſi 
per. Certaine of our men lap on lande to keepe watche with Captaine Parker, to garbetoe 
Smiths and Carpenters, 

Che 10,dap at 4. aclocke in the mowing J went dowue in our ſ hilfe, and ſloode till 11. at 
woone to kill a Pellicane, but coulde not: in the meane time our long boate went along with the 
nit, and at noone with both the boates we returned abo well fithen, where J founde M. Mad- 
u, Captaine Hawkins, and . Hall, who eate there, and at night went aboozd their Hippesafeer 
upper I ene 6. men to watch on ſhoare with Captaine Parker. 

The xx dap at 6, a tlocke inthe mowing I went done wich my doate, c the Admirals boat, 
and Drag cred for our ancre, but found no hope thereot, and returned abooꝛd at 3. in the afternoones 
5 tame M. Walker in our ſ hilfe, and bꝛoughe the General, and M. Maddox abood with him, 
eche teturned to his place : about 11.4 
tlocke at night, we had a great forme of winde, and taine at Cal Doutheaft, 

Che 12. day about Sin the forenoone came votone the rluer a boat with cher other Portingals 
bith hottie the General bargatned, to let them haue 3. barrels of ſalt, lo; 5. barrels of rice, and 
after that rate to exchange for 40. bartels, which hee acquainted mee withꝛafterwards J dined a: 
wong the Portingals with him, after dinner I went on ſhoare to the ouen, and to the Carpenters, 
After J had bene on ſhoare and ſeene the worke there, J returned abooꝛd, xe there {upped wich me 
the General, M. Maddox, Captaine Hawkins, and 7. Portingals, after {upper ethe returned to his 
place. Ammediatly aftet it rained and blewe much at mthaaythe 
midnight we bad a ternado, which continued 3 heures at Catt next hand. 

Che 13. inthe afternoone,the Portingals came againe aboop me, and brake their falt with mes 


after J ſent by them vp the tiuer in my C(hiffe 1 2. barrels of fale, aud gaue them a bottle of wine 


fone ol che lauage Queenes. The Carpenters felled a tree, and {quared it for planke and 
board, Che q. had our forefaile on land, and began to binde it, but not hauing time to mende the 
fame bꝛought it aboond, where we fupprd with fifb, which tame from the nette. 

Che 14. day after drinking our boate went on land with our foꝛeſaile, and men to pit and ſawe 
the tree, feile ¢hemen the day beforexhep tame aboon to dinner after dinner they went againe 
adendev che faile and cut a boate full of wood and at 


Fenton and Ward. ofthe Engliſh nation. 652 

, Shes in the 8.4 we 5 

— 
er n 80 a ud moares 

— all thwart of the Oyſter bay in 8. fachome at 5.4 clocke a nighe bau lef der 

where we ridde, fog a marke to linde our ancre. 


2 


8 Smiths 
forge and an 
auen (et bp in 
Sierra leona. 


a 


Srafique w 
3.0ther Pope 


S. bis, 
1. Lamis Bens 


20.petres. 

2 — 

alt. About one a clocke after Laptame 
3. Vedzo Was 


plot. 


returned abap. 
The 15. after dinner the Maſter, M Walker, and . — 2. other traueiled auer Shepentee by 
FTF I 


bay, J founve of mp companp and ok the Admirals together roſting optters : anv going 
Run 2 them, 


$8 Portingal 
catuel. 


Bees in Sur 
Red. 


PMetticane bay 


The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton ana I ard. 


— —— — — — — 
them, Thomas Ruſſell one of my companie Cawe a ſtrange liſbe named Vielit, which bap 
witha Crocodile, and being burt came neere the ſboatt bere be manu an bp the tale won 
ban a lande, and there Meine him, and ſent che General the binder halle of hum s che head pare J 
kept, in whofe nofe is ike a wand a bone of two fooce long, with 23. priches of a fine, Sharpe and 
Nrange: The bodp we did cate and was like a ſbarke. 

N Cie 16. day being Sunday we all kepe aboopve till after Moeruice, and Dinner, then M. Wal. 
ker and J with others, went — the Admirall, where A bad diners debacements with the 
Generall about our affaires, and there fupped,about 

Che 17. day in the moming J ſent Nicholas Allen, audtwo mope of mp Carpenters to belpe 
the Admirall about their maine matte : I ſent our Cooper, and men to belpe him to cut boopes in 
the wood. After dinner with my lang boate, and the Mater with me, we went abooꝛd the domi. 
ral, ann there tooke in the nette, and Captaine Parker and the Maſter Hall, and went ouer tothe 
ſande to the Nozthwards in the riuer a mile aboue the roade. And founding when we went of the 
Mouchfive,had 14. fathome, and ſbolded by litle and litle to halle a fathome and a foote wattt an 
the ſand, which is bare two mile long at quarter ebb hard ſand: we dze wwe there with our nett but 
tooke little lich, and ſo turned aboohd. 

She 18. day we beganne a ne we Afhing nette fop our ſe lues, and remained buſie about it all 
day N : — 5 cut boopes, aud the Baker baked byead on lande: M. Walker ſupped 
abocd the Admirall. 

Cbe 19. day before 3. in the moming, I went downe in the Admirals pinneſſe, which went 
with the net to dh. They landed me befives Pellicane bay, and there I tooke bp my Manding vn 
til 3. afternoone: in which time J ſawe a crane, a martine, and diners other foules, but (hot at none 
but one hearne, which J killed: after came abooꝛde the Edward, where the General, M. Maddox, 
M. Cotton, and Captaine Parker firpped with me, 

Che 20. dap after dinner, J ſent my boate with the Malter, and companie with bim to dagge 
fopour ancre, i cable, who could neither linde the fame nop fee our boop, which wee left riding bp 
a mall cagger. fo; a marke fop the other greater ance, fo J accompt all lof, Bp the wapin 
their going downe the riuer they put me a lande by the Pellicane bay, and there J toon till their 
returne about 5. at afternoone, and came backe againe with them, and Hooker killed a monkie 
en dé mp recuene —— gals caruel come Dotwne the riuet — 

bur lips. 

te 21. day in the moming the Generall (ent for me and M. Walker, who went abooꝛdthem, 
where bee acquainted vs with the faultes founde in his maine matte, perithed in the parteners, 
which to mende J ſent him two of my Carpenters, and two ancre Mockes to ſiſhe the fame: Allo 
bee opened before vs two and M. Maddox, Captaine Hawkins, and Cuptainc Parker, certaine 
wondes which happened betweene him aud the Maſter Hall, howe Hall faive ynto him among 
other ſpeathes that hee was there appointed Malter, as bee was General, an dthat bee woulde 
be Waker though bee {aid nap: the which woꝛdes che 1 tonfeſſed not to Ipeake in effect, 
but bulit ſpeaches paſſed betweene them. TLibereupon hee demaunded our opinions, whether he 
might diſplate him op not, which wee graunted her might vpon ſo iuſt a cauſe, but intrrated the 
Generall rather to accept bis ſubmiſſion, which Hall willingiy peelved vnta, which followed pree 
ſently. At Service the Maſter openly before the whole companie acknowledged to haue out 
ſhotte himfelfe in vndecent ſpeaches, and traued pardon of the Generall, who willingly forgeue 
the offence as though it had not bene committed. Alter dinner J went on lande, che Maſttr, and 
. duerſee the Baker che tarpenters the Imith, and our ropemakers,al which 
were at wonke on land. 

After J had bene on land, comming abooꝛd, and taptaine Parker with me, we went abo the 
taruel and there fata 30.03 40. lauen fettred together the men: but the women and childꝛen went 
booſe. Aſter the view of them their behauiour ¢ other trilles there feene, J went aboond. At fuppet 
tame tertaine of the Portingals tu me i; danke wich me, x after vſen long talke,and fo departed, 

She 22. day in the mowing I ſent my woꝛkmen aſboare, and about 8,2 clocke, J and M.Wal- 
ker, wich others went do lune in my boat to the Pellicane bay, but got nothing: in the meant time 
they in the boat went dobune to the point, e gathered a good many of great oyſters, and fo returned 
abooꝛde about 6. at night well wet with raine, and Monge wich Bees. 

Che 23. day being Sunday, while we were at the Sermon came the Portingal Captaine Ma- 
thew Fernandos,¢ bꝛaugbt me a Negro bop of /. yetres ob, which he gaue me. mhoſe name tas 
Iobn Primero. After he bav bined nith me. came captaine Hawkin Drake, P. Hoode, 
. Faire weather, M. Taileboyes, and . Banniſter, wich many others to bile ene 


8. a clocke we returned abeoꝛd. 


part of this day in much 
great boate laden with « 


“inthe moming 5 Be 


Fenton and Wai 


talked a while together, J 
Portingall Captaine thou 
debatem̃ents with the Ge 
The 24. day we romma 
pas filled not 20,dapes f 
eaten with woꝛmes, whit 
mich. M. Blackoller, ¢! 
but found them not: we to 
of our cathe, Chis afterne 
clocke aſternoone, among 
Francis, who died the fart 
Che 26. we filled watt 
ind lead, and all things to 
amonhkie, and au Oliphar 
The 27. day at 3 à clo 
my long boate to the fithé 
the necke of the land, e pla 
the tattle. who tame fo fal 
fora quarter of au houre, 
wearied cur ſelues not be 
fo returned to our fibing 
This moming came t 
which came to theGener: 
asthe Marchants and IB 
him. There he receiuedo 
him a cloake, x certaine ce 
The 28. day in the mo 
downe a fing with our 
bond. The 29. day after 
ment concerning our goi 
forwards with the pꝛoui 
kins, Captaine Parker, 
topzocee de, and with this 
Jwent aboond the Elizat 
they would ſaile awap, a 
ler, the pilot, M. Sawa 
the Portingals to looke t 
The 30, and lak dap 
forenoone from ſiſying v 
with haire and Iympits 
which to fee J {ent for ch 
tame and bꝛought with 
his companie, who hauin 
and dꝛeſſed, pꝛooued an e 
ted all our companies fo 
This day during the 
med in Commillion into 
dur going fozwarvs, all 
gellan: aud being in the 
many hotte, and diſdain 
taine Parker, and alſo ti 
verp diſpleaſant, which 
after to dinnerꝛthen aſho 


The 1. day of Octob 
barels fo the 12. barrel 


Fenton and lu ard. of the Engliſn nation. 654 


talked a while together, J went abappde the Admtrall and M. Walker, where wee agreed that the 
Portingall Captaine ſboulde goe to the tiuer fo our (hiffe,who was contented to goeꝛaſter many 
debate ments with the Generall, and ſupper with him J came abnonde. 


The 24. day we rommaged to take vp lome of dur opdinance,¢ perufing our water caſke, which 
was filled not 20,dapes before, Rotwed with greene wood cut in this place found the fame to bee betta 
woymes, which tauſed che greater part of the water to le alte out, which troubled vs won. 


eaten with 
nuch. M. Blackoller, ¢ Robert Roſe went downe in our boate to wagge for our antre ¢ cables 
but found them not: we tooke vp 7. pieces of opdinance,Ailled ſome water, and amended ſome part 


of dur taſne. Chis afternoone the Generall came aboopd to me,¢ conferred about, xt. About c ehe death of 
Francis,tobo died the fame afternoone befoye, W 
I 
amonhie, and au Oliphants toothe, by a meſſenger a Negro of fome atcompt. M. Fatama. 


locke aſternoone. among others J went on lande to the buriall of William Marcham h. o 


Che 26. we lilled water, mended our tal ke and ſtowed many things in hold, x ended the cork 
ind lead, and all things to the net belonging this afternoone the king Fatama. ſent our Genera 


The 27. day at 3 a clocke in the moꝛning the Pater and J, well accompanied went do wne in 
my long boate to the fiſbing bay, where ſeeing the footing of many tattle, we new a rope thwart 
the necke of the land, e placed men to gard the ſtraig ht: the reſt went into the wood to wiue Downe 
the tattle. who tame ſo kaſt vpd our men that one of them ouerthnew W. Tovyrſon that he lay dead 
fora quarter of au houte, aud being retouered in 2. houres hee knewe not what he did. Thus we 
wearied our ſelues not being able to kill auy ol them although we gaue them many ſtripes, and 
fo returned to our ſiſbing againe, where we tooke mope fith then we could cate, 

This moꝛning came the fame meflenger aboozde, to prefent mee with an Oliphants toothe, 
which came to the General from king Fatama, but finding me ablent,receiuen ſuch intertaumment 
asthe Marchants and M. Walker gaue him, & fo went aboowthe Admirall, taking the tooth with 
him. There he receiued of the General to pꝛeſent the king as much ſcarlet clothe as would make 
him a cloake, x tertaine canuas:and for ; Queene a mought Moſcouy ſmocke, a looking glaſſe. 

The 28. day in the moꝛning came M. Maddox and other abooꝛd mee: after byeakefatt we went 
done a fiſling with our net, c returned aboozd to ſupper, and when we had ſupped, they went ae 
bod. The 29. day after dinner M. Walker and J went abooꝛd the Admirall, and grew in argu⸗ 
ment concerning our going roome tothe ples of Cape Verde, o; whether it were berter to proceed 
forwards with the prouifion we now haue. At this conference was the General, Captaine Haw. 
kins, Captaine Parker, M. Maddox, M. Walker and I: after ſundzy debatements we concluded 
topꝛotee de, and with this conclufion we ſupped there together. After ſupper by the fame conſeut, 
I went abooꝛd the Elizabeth and the taruel, and bꝛoughe their ſailes abood the Admiral, fearing 
they would ſaile away, and veteiue me of my bote and ſalt: which vone, J imparted to the Ma 
lier, the pilot, . Shaw. and P. Geffreis, what had bene determined, and left 6, of my men abooꝛd 
the Portingals to locke to them. 

The 30, and laſt vap ol September, the Francis Cooke came abooꝛde about 7, a Se in the 
forenoone from fiſying with my net, and bꝛought among other fiche, a ſea calfe (as wee called 
with haire and lympits, and barnatles vpon him, being 7. foote long, 4. foote 9. inches about: 
which to fee J {ent for the Generall, and ſuch as pleaſed to come fee it out of the Admirall, who 
tame and bꝛought with him M. Maddox, Captaine Hawkins, Captaine Parker, and mot part of 
his companie, who hauing vie wer the beat, which was ougly being aliue it being flaped, opened, 
ind deſſed, pꝛooued an excellent, faire, and good meate, bꝛopled, rotked, ſodde and baked, and ſufli⸗ 
ted all our companies for that dap. 

This day during the time chat our dinner was dꝛeſſing, che General aſſembled vs before na- 
med in Commillion into my cabbin, where he propounded diners queſtions and doubts touching 
Our going foꝛwards, all which being anlwered, it was agreed to proceed fon the ſtraights of Ma- 
gellan: ann being in the South ſea, to deale as occaſion Mould be giuen. In this conference grew 
many hotte, and dildainfull (peaches and compariſons berweene Captaine Hawkins, and Cap 
taine Parker, and alfo the General, as offended with Captaine Hawkins, vſed ſpeaches to him 
verp diſpleafant, which with much adoe was all in the ende pacified,and fo went to Seruice, and 
after to dinner:then alhoare, and abooꝛd againe to Seruiceand ſupper, ſo that we patter che latter 

“part of this day in much good fellowihip, the more, betauſe my Chiffe came downe with another 
great boate laden with rice loʒ our fale, whereof we tooke in part. 


The 1. day of October iche moming we tooke in to make vp our ful complement ok rice 20. ortober . 


barels fo the 1 2. barrels ol ſalt deliuerrd § Portingal, Lewis Henriques befohe. About 7. a clocke 
inthe moming p General fent forme ¢ ee matting certain {peaches that Miles 2 5 
‘ nn 3 


A ſtrange fi 
it) m. % 


655 The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton andW ard, 


r K 
one of our archants vled at dinner aboopde the Gallion in the abfence of the General, which 
was let downe in Arti les, and hee charged with them, thereof hee confeſſeda great part, iich 
ſeemed fo odious, and vnhonett, that M. Walker, M. Maddox, M. Parker, the Lieutenant, and 3, 
les Euans conrludev with the Generali that be might dilplacebim, whichthing Euans earnettlp often nef 
Departed from ted ſaping that he would go into England well prough,as from hence inthe Elizabeth with the 
Momilingts Portingals, with whomin the alternoone he made freight, and carried bis chett,a barrel, ¢ 2,packs 
remame with abooꝛd, which J, M. Parker, and Lieutenant Hawkins ſearched by the Generals oꝛder. 
bk Hauing done theſe chings, wee found that the Portingals had not house vs rice fo; ſo much 
ſalt, as they pꝛomiſed the Generall, who ſent Captaine Parker aud others to ſearche fo the fame 
in the Elizabeth and the taruell, where was found good ſtoare which wee tooke part of, and payed 
them fale accopding to dur bargaine. Further wee found fearching lz rice a boye Negro bigger 
then my boy Iohn Primero, which J changed him for sand bp the Generals oer we tooke foure 
men Negroes, a. fo the Edward and 2. f the Abmirall, for which wee gaue the owners certaing 
carſey, aud other things, as peaſe, biket, xc. 
The 2. day about fire in the mopning wee fet ſaile hauing little winde: the Captaine with the 
Patter, and other of their companie of the Portingals came abooꝛde mee complayning thatthe 
catfep by them reteiued for the foure Negroes of the Senerall was not ſufficient for their pay. 
ment, whereupon J gaue them Carlet caps, and other things to their content, who finding thems 
ſelues well plealed, departed away in the Gondall, and we hauing litle winde, got downe thwart 
of the liſhing bay, and there came to ancre about nine a clocke the fame forenoone, 
About one a clocke J ſent my ſkilfe with the nette a iſhing, which came abooꝛde and bꝛought 
fity for fupper plentie. 
Their z des The 3. dap about two a clocke in the moꝛning wee fet laile, and went hence Douchwett by 
Guinea löhere Melt till two in the aſternoone chen being little winde: at 5. we ancred fireleaques Eat Souths 
thep remamed eaſt of the Southermoſt part of the lande in lifteene kathome, and there wee ridde till eighta 
Augul. clocke at night, andthen fet Caile witha. Mitte gale at Rofthealt, which ſometime blewwe, aud 
ſometime was litle winde, and lo continued all night. This afternoone Captaine Hawkins, and 
. M. Cotton tame to ſupper with me, and before we could fet them abooꝛd came a ternado, ſothat 
boat Ropes they taried all night aboopn with me. 
tal. The fourth day about eight a clocke in the foꝛenoone wee {et Captaine Hawkins, and matter 
Cotton aboogd the Admiral, and went South weſt by Weft till two afternoone, then being title 
winde, we made ſmall way, oz none at all tillthe next day: in the afternoone we tooke in our boate 
andfhiffe, and at night ſhifted our companie becauſe ſome were dead, and wee had taken in more 
men out of the Elizabeth. 
The 5. dapit was calme all day till fire at night, wee lap to and fro Driving, which J can make 
no allowance of: at fire at night wee went South by Melt with a ſmall gate til one at midnight, 
then weagnette the winde at South South welt, and went est by Noꝛth, till the a clocke 


kollo win x then came a pꝛetie wale at Noztheaſt, wich which we went South South weſt til fre 


in the mozning. 

The 6. dap at 6. in the moming wee had a ſmall gale at Welk, and went Narre hoor tacked 
South a while there being litle winde: we went South welt by South til 8. a clocke, from d. we 
went Southſouth welt, with a mall gale all dap, and all night. 

The /. day litle winde oꝛ none but lay Mill among great ſboales of foules, and ſculls of fiſh all 
day and night by our opdinarp Compaſſe: in this place the ſunne role at Calf, and by South, and 
to the Southwards,and ſet Met by South to the fouthiwards, 

. Lg eight day little winde, op none: all Day and night wee laye diuing among fife and 
ule. 

The 9. day we had in the forenoone ſome raine, and a ſmall gale at Noꝛcheaſt, which continued 
not long, but was calme till midnight chen we had a Ternado of winde, Moztheaſt and raine: alter 
that a ſmall gale at Eaſt and ſouthealt all night. 

winde Eat The tenth day wee went all the foꝛenoone South Houth welt larre⸗booꝛde tacked, after the 
Southeat, winde ſiyinking to che Douthealk by South, wee went Soutl, till fiue afternoone : this after 
noone the Generall in his long boate, accompanied with M. Maddox, Capta ine Hawkins,Cay: 
taine Parker, M. Cotton, M. Hoode and others came abooꝛde to fee mee: aſter dining departer 
away againe: but when they were in the boate, cheir ſhippe not comming tome fop them, A was 
faine to ſhoote off two minions to make them looke out. After fine a clocke inthe aſternoone it con: 
tinned calmetill after midnight, chen ban wee a Ternado, and after a ſmall gale fop 3. boures, at 
Ca Nozthealt, with which we went Mouth ſouthwell. ae 


Fenton and 


—— 
Che 11. day it was ci 
At 6. it blewe moze, and 
Che 12. day we had: 
seemed — 
1 3. dap we 
ind ſometime South by 
ther from the Gallion, an 
which we eate to ſupper 
it was in manner talme. 
im lighting at dinner. 
The 15. dax it was c 
blew a ſmall gale, at No 
me, to dinner. where wen 
gainc and Captaine Har 
The 16. day it was ca 
we went Melt, and ſome 
talme all the reſt ofthent 
md lohn Collyns, bꝛaoug 
ill aut of the Stewards | 
The 17. day at ten oft 
ternoone, then had we tefl 
Oouthſoutheaſt, and fom 
Che 18. day it was a 
fourth neff, 
Che 19. day we went 
we went but litle all nig 
The 20, day it was ca 
final gale, at Catt ſouthe 
talme, we went little all. 
The 21. it was calme, 
afternoone, then it blewe 
South weit among til mi 
The 22. it was calme 
had an extreme Ternado 
the raine and a talme con 
The 23. day we hadm 
before in a Ternado, fro 
ted vp. we ſawe each other 
All this night we bare ag 
the South by Cie, a 
wardes, ſo farre as wee 
toome. N 
The 24. dap in the fo 
ten ok the clocke. After di 
next hand, all day and nig 
The 25. day we went 
The 26, dap and nigh 


The 27. day we went 
fometime ſouthweſt all d 
Che 28, day after din 
was fatne to Hinge three 
them: they tolde vs that 
ve thought not belt foꝛ ci 
theetes cloſe, ſo that wy 


that the 
eir paps 
iy chents 
thwart 


bought 


well by 
2 outh⸗ 


eighta 
we, and 
ins, and 
ſothat 


Fenton and Ward. ofthe Englith nation, 656 


+ ACS ET nO 

Che 11. dap it was calmesill 2, of the clocke aſternoone, then it began toblowe a ſmall gale. 
at 6. ic blewe more and fo it continued all night large. 

Che 12. day we had raine at noone : all che reſt of the dap. uu night, we went as the wind did 
fuffer va, ſometime Men, ſometime Sourhwelt, and ſometime South. 

Che 13. day we had litle wind all dax, and all uight, but went our courſe South Southweſt, 
d ſometime South by Cleft, 

Che 14. day we had litle wind, oꝛ none. In the afternoone came Captaine Hawkins , andos 
ther from the Gallion, and Captaine Drake, who brougbe me a peete ot a Porpoſe with him, 
which we eate to upper : alter ſuxper they departed abooꝛd the Francis: all the night following, 
it was in manner talme. Chis dap was Iohn Roberts, and Iohn Hillarde whipped at the maſte, 
fon lighting at dinner. N 10 

The 15. dap it was calme all da, and night, except tu homes. In the nozning it rained, x Wind nanth· 
blew a ſmall gale, at Noꝛtheaſt. Chis forenoone Captaiue Drake ſent foꝛ Patter Walker, and 
me, to dinner, where we met Captaine Hawkins, and others. After dinner we returned aboor as 
gainc and Captaine Hawkins went aboop the Admiral. 

The 16. dap it was calme, till 7. at night. then we had anette gale at South welt, with which 

we went Melt, and ſometime Melt nozthwelt, till 2. of the clocRe in the mozning, then was it 

talme all the reſt ofthenight. This dap were Robert Parker, Marke Thoughts, Iohn Roberts, 

nd lohn Collyns, bꝛought to the capſtone, and there whipped naked, faz Mealing certaine pictus Corectian. 
all aut of the Stewards rome, the Sunday night befne. 

The 17. day at ten of the clocke, we had a pꝛetie gale, at Caſt noꝛtheaſt, which latter till 4, af 
ternoone. then had we lefle wind at Southeaſt, which continued all night: ſo we went fometume 
Oouthſoutheaſt, and ſometime Southweſt by South, and Douth welk. 
one 4 8. dap it was afinall gale alidape , and all night,fo that wee went our courte South 

welt. 

Che 19, day we went our courſe South ſout h welt, till midnight then being in manner calme, 
we went but litle all nig bt. 

The 20, day it was calme, till ten of theclocke afternoone, then we went South welt, with a 
mall gale, at Catt foutheatt, with which we went South ſouthhwelt till midnight, there being · 
talme, we went little all night. ‘ 

Che 21. it was calme til ten aſternoone then a wale till 2a. at noone,then calme againe till 3. 
afternoone then it blewe a finall wale at oucheatl, with which we went South ſouth welt, aud 
South wert among til midnight. but then it was talme all the reit of the night. 

The 22. it was calme in maner all day, aud night, ſauing at 2. of the clocke after midnight, we 
had an extreme Ternado of wind raine, thunder, and lightning. The wind laſted not an hohe, but 
the raine and a calme continued till day. 

The 23. day we had much raine,calme, and thicke weather, ſo that being ſey night 
beloꝛe in a Ternado, from our Admirall we lot the ſight of him many times: pet when it clee⸗ n Ea 
ted vp. we ſawe each other, but hauing no winde, could not tome neere together bytwo leagues. outhean. 
All this night we bare a good ſaile, and had a reaſonable gale, wich which wee went betweene 
the South by Met, and che Bouthwelt. In the moming wee ſawe the Admirall ta Lees 
wardes, ſo farre as wee might deſcrye her ſayles, with whome the Francis, and wee went 
tome. ’ 

The 24. day in the forenoone,twe went roome to our Admirall,CCtett ſouthweſt, and Tick, till 
ten ok the clocke. After dinner we hailed her, and went from ten in the fazenoone, ſouth ſouch well 
next hand, all day and night following, with a franke gale. 

The 25, day we went South welt next hand, all day, and night. with a franke gale. 
The 26, day and night, we went with a pꝛetie gale, betweene the South ſouth welk, and the 


i fouchtwett,but might haue beene necrer che winde, but forgoing rome with the Admi- 


Che 27. day we went Melt ſouthwell, and ſouthwelt by Wiel among, with a pꝛetie gale, and 
ſometime ſouthwelt all day, and night. 

Che 28, day after dinner, dur Admirall lape by the Lee, to ſtoppe a leake in his bowes, and 
was kaine to linge thꝛee men ouer boond to doe it: inthe meane tyme we came vppe, and hayled 
them: they tolde vs that if the winde {ranted one point more, they meant to caft about, 
dee thought not belt fo certaine caules. Mhereupon we tooke in our {prit ſaile, and hayled aft our . 
Hhettes clofe, ſo that whereas all day before we went Soutt welt, and little better, nuwe we went 
next hand South fouthtvelt, but alinates better then Southmel by nee, 


657 


Sheuember, 


a 


The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton ana Mari. 


This euening J ſet the Dunne at his going downe, hee et mope chen halle a point to the South 
of Cdteſt by South. t. le ier 
4 e obferued the Sounnes riling, which was to the Douthiwarns, a little of 

a outh, na 

The 29. day after dinner, the Francis boate with her Maſter, and Malter Dore, came abooy 
of vs, fo: a hoglhead of popke by the Generals opder, which was deliuered them. All this day and 
night we went next hand, ſouth welt by ſouth. i 

The 30, daye wee went next hande Douthlouth Melt all pape, and all night, with a pretic 


ale. 
3 diy 1. dap, and laſt of October, we went all day, and all night. ſouth ſouthwell, and South: 
welt by bub among faving two watches, which were talme in the night, alter the raine, 

The firk day of Rouembet, in theſdendone, we tocke in our maine ſaile, to mende it: inthe 
meanetime, the Anmirall came vp by vs, and deſiring me, with my Mater, and Walker Black- 
coller, to tome abooꝛd to him, about certaine conference, hee ſent his boate fon vs, where by him 
was propounded, whether it were beſt fon ys to ſtande on with he coat of Braſile, as we did, o; 
els to ſtande about ſtarbooꝛd tacked to the Eaſtwards: whereupon diuers ok their Charts and 
teckonings were ſhewed: y (tne it appeared, we were 115. leagues, by ſome 1 50. leagues, by 
ſome 140. leagues, and ſome a great deale further thort of Braſile, next hand noꝛtheaſt of vs: but all 
1575 within 20. minutes ofthe line, ſome in the line. ſome to the nozth, Conte to the ſouth of 
the line. ö ; 

After many debatements, it was agreed by moſt confentto fande on fo2 the coaſt of Braſile, ex 
tept the wind changed, and there to doe, as weather ſhould compell vs. Inthis couſultation, we 
had ſpeeches of courſes, and places of meeting ik by miſfoztune we fhould be ſeparated, wherein 
was no full oꝛder concluded, but that we ſhould ſpeake euery night with the Admirall, if we con 
ueniently might, and ſo to appoint our courle fromtime to time, ił wee lot companie, to ſtaye 15. 
daies in River de Plate, and from thente to goe for the Streights, and there toride, and water, 
and trimme our ſhippes (in no certaine place named.) , 

After dinner, we returned aboom our ſhippe, Captaine Drake, and his Maſter, to their barke, 
and went hence ag neere as we could lie ſouth ſouthweſt, and ſouthweil bp ouch all night follon⸗ 

ing, with a freſh gale. 

Che ſecond day and night, we went next hand ſouth by weſt, and ſometime fouth ſouthweſt a 
mong, withafrankegale, al ; 

Che third dap, we went ſouth bp welt next hand, all day and all nig bt. 

The fourth day in like manner. 

Lay lift bap wer went South by weſt all dape, and all night wee went South with a franke 
gale. 

day we went ſouth next hand ell day, and night, and ſouth by weſt among. 
The leuenth dap we went ſouth, and ſouth by weſt all vay aud night, with a franke gale, 
The eight day we went ſouth, and ſouth by weſt all day, and night, with afranke gale, 
The ninth day we went ſouth next hand all day, and night, with a franke gale, 
The 10. day we went ſouth next haud, and ſouth by welt, all day and night, leſſe wind. 
The 11. dax. being Sundap, in the forenoone,Captaine Hawkins, aud Captaine Drake, tame 
abooꝛd, and dined with me. Aſter dinner came the General, Maſter Maddox, Matter Parker, Was 


222 a fier Banniſter, Maſter Cotton, and diners others, to viſite Maſter Walker, who ſickened the Fri⸗ 


dap before of a Callentura. After they had dꝛunke, and eate fomeiunkets, they all Departed to theit 
charges. Ne went all vay, and all night, ſouth, and ſouth by weſt among. 

The 12. in the afternoone patter Maddox, Maſter Hall, Maſter Banniſter, and other, came 
aboopd to vifite Maſter Walker. Alter a time of above with him, they returned to the Gallion a 
againe, except Maſter Maddox, who remained with Waker Walker here abooꝛd. 5 


This night Maſter Maddox, and J, behelde many conſtellations in the firmament, and lite 
uon downe certaine new ſtarres, raiſed to the ſouthwarvs. All bap and night, we went ſouth and fouth 


Saunen by Ca amon 
. p Caſt among. 


The 13. at 6, inthe morning, our miſlen tie bꝛake, andthe pard fell downe, many men being 
neere the ſame, vet E. d be thanked, it hurt no man, but it bꝛake in peeces, and was ſplited, and vp 
againe before noone. 

This forenoone the General, . Banniſter, Captaine Parker, M. Tailboyes, and others,came 
abooꝛd, x bifited M. Walker, and went aboord the Gallion againe, M. Maddox with them, lea 
wing M. Banniſter with vs til afternoone that j boate brougdt M. Maddox auen art 


ll 


— 


Fenton ai 


Tsai 
Satter Bannifi 


ux and night,t 
Bannifter b 
fro lpeeches be 
Che 20. day 
id coole we 
The 21, da 
ny bles: ali w 
lights. vpon the 
gale, ſouth welt 
The 22. day 
wind ſhifted to 
Agood gale: th 
The 23. int 
almall gale, till 


Che 25. bei 
Maddox tam 


ana Mara. 
dint to the South 
pioards, a little of 


Pore, came abooꝛd 
All this day and 


igbt, with a pretic 


welt, and South: 
the raine. 

o mende it: in the 
d Paſter Black- 
bs, vue re by him 
aſile, as we did, o 
their Charts and 
150, leagues, by 
theaſt of vs but all 
dme to the ſouth of 


coaſt of Braſile, ex- 
8 couſultation, we 
F parated, wherein 
mirall, if we con⸗ 
panie, to ſtaye 15. 
toride, and water, 


ter, tothtir backe, 
ch all night follon⸗ 


ſouth ſout hweſt as 


auth with a franke 


Among. 
kranke gale. 


eſſe wind. 

taine Drake, came 
after Parker, Ma⸗ 
o ſickened the Fri: 
ll Departed to their 


r, and other, came 
tothe Gallion all 
20, 


nament, and lette 


mt ſouth, and fouth 


» Many men being 
nag ſplited, and vp 


s, and others came 
lox with them, leas 
aineꝛthen departed 

patter 


Fenton and Ward. ofthe Englith nation. 


Banniſter, Captaiue Hawkins, and all. except 9Pafter Maddox , who Mill rematued with 


658 | 


Pater Walker, who made his Oil chis atternoone Ide went all this bap and night South by $9 Weihers 


Eat, with a llawue ſheete, and a franke gale, 


The 14. dap afternoone , Walker Walker was let blood againe: afterward, about 9. of the Wind|ar 
clocke, patter Maddox, and Matter Banniſter, went abooyn the Gallien againe. Allo che lame Wurden. 
came the Malter and others of the Francis so {ee maſter Walker, and in the afternoone 


Haller Maddox, aud Maſler Bannitter,came againt to vifke bim. All this day, and nig bt, wee 
bent louth bp Caf, with a tanke gale. ee gba 
Che 15. dap attemoone,came Matter Maddox, and Maſter Banniſter, abood, and bꝛougbt a 
potion to Maſter Walker. Aſteruoone the General, Captatne Hawkins, Captaine Parker, Was 
fer Maddox, and others, came aboopd to viſite Patter Walker, gt. All this davefand night, wer 


nent fouth by Eat our courte, with a flo dune ſherte, all ſailen dawing. 


Che 16. day we went our courſe ſouth by Eat. tül noone, and then by the Sunne finding our 
fdues in vpwards of 17. degrees, we ſhaped our tourſe ſouth, and fo went till next moꝛning, with 
alarge and franke gale, This moming the Sunne role Eaſt by fouch, and to the rde, 
sie nay betweene the ſouthwelt by Melt, and the Vel ſouthweſt, rat her to the 

ards, 

The 17. day afternoone, we thot off thꝛee peeces of Dpoinance,in honour Hour Queenes Ma; 
leſte, whome Gon preferue and grant her a long lite, and pꝛoſperous raigne ouer the Realme of 
England, and all other of vs her ſubiects . This dap after dinner came Malter Maddox, and 
Captaine Drake, with other to take their leaue of Patter Walker, as J, with all my companie 
had done before, ſuppoling him paſt hope of recouerie. At 4. of the clocke, finding our ſelues in 
19. degrees to the ſouthwards of che line, and clecre of the ſhoales, called by vs Powles, we went 
pence foutl ſouthweſt all night following. 5 

The 18, dap, being Sunday, after dinner, the Generall, Malter Maddox, Captaine Parker, c 
many other, came aboopd, and vilited Paſter Walker: which done, hey danke. departed abooꝛd 
againe.All this day, and night, we went our courſe ſouthwelt by ſouth, with a franke gale, 

Che 19. dap, about noone, the Dunne was our Zenith, being declined to the ſouthwards, 21. 


19. degree 
tout 


set 


besip tac 


tude, 


degrees, and 3 3. minuts, where we found the aire freſh and temperate, as in England in June, 
when a kreſh gale ol winde doth blowe in the heate ofthe dap, but theeuening, the nigbt, and the cow enentuge 


moming are moze kreſh, and colder here, chen it is in England, either in June, oz Julle. All this 
un and nigbt, we went our courte ſouthweſt by ſouth, with a good gales the foxenoone Maſter 
Banniſter brought Batter Walker a potion, and Captaine Hawkins came with bim: there pats 
feo (peeches betwixt Maſter Banniſter, and me. 

Che 20, day we went all day, and all night ſouch went bp fouch our courte , with a igh gale, 
md coole weather. wind ſometime noꝛtheaſt, aud ſometime Catt noꝛtheaſt. 

Che 21, day afternoone, we bꝛongbt our belt maine top ſaile to the yard, and cut thale lo mas 
np vſes: alch we began to make a newe maine coꝛſe and bonnet, and itted our ſtancions fo) our 
lights. vpon the vpper decks, as afte matte, Chis day and night, we went our courte, with a franke 
gale, ſouth wert by ſouth. N 

The 22. day we went our taurſe, ſouthwelt by ſouth, till 8. ofthe clocke at night: chen the 
wind ſhikted to the ſouth ſouthealt, ſo that we could lie but ouch wet by weit, till i 2. al night. with 
agood gale: the reſt till day, was in a manner calme. 


The 23. in the mozming, it was raine, and talme till 8, ofche clocke chen we went Ciel, with und warty 


ilmall gale, till none, and from noone till the next mozuing, we went ſouthwelt by ſouth, ¢ ſouth⸗ 
belt among our courſfe. 

Che 24, dap we went our courſe all dap. and night, ſauth welt, with a {mall gale. 

Che 25. being Sundap, in the moming, the Generall, anv Captaine Parker, with Halter 
Maddox, ame abooꝝd to viſiee Maſter Walker: which done. we peruſtd our Maſters and pilots 
plats. and reckonings, and after I went abooꝛd and dined wich che Generall, where after dinner, 
ve alſo peruſed the Maſter, and Pilots charts and rechonings aboom the Gallion, whereby wee 
founde our lelues fatre off the lande, che ee ta edge in with the Hoare South wel, 
Watt our water ſhould falle vs, and then being becatmen farre of, night be fop want diſtreſſed. Af⸗ 
1 returned abooꝛd againe and went all day, and night, our courfe South 


The 26. day be went our courte ail day and niche ouch well this euening the Admirall hat 
led ys, and told bs he wuuld put into the Riuer De Plate. 
The 27. day we went our rourſe all day and night, ſouthweſt next hand. 


The 


taſt. 


7 659 The voyages anddifcoueries Fenton andW ard, 


The 28. dap little wind all the fopenoone,at noone the wind ſhifted co the South, with raine til 
3. of the clocke ate moune : chen ir blewe at Catt fourheat, till & in the moꝛning: at 4, i: changed 
tothe Catt nonchealt. All this time we went our courte ſouthwweũ, except ſometime we hada liche 
to the weſtwards, alter the Admirall. a 
Cbe 29. day at noone, wee altered our courte tothe Ileſt ſouthwelt, and fo baled in with the 
land all night, being cleere weather, and a taire night, but a Route gale all night. 
The 30. being S. Andrewes dap, and the laſt of JAouernber,at 3. ot the clocke in the moning, 
Great cob in We had much vund at Bocth, and ſduth by Tllelt, and very colde weather, which thooke us into a 
tbelatteuve of coarſe, and bonnet of each. At 4. ofthe clocke afternoone, the wind changer tothe ſouthwelt, and 
20. tte. ple we very much, and rained, being ſa cold chat we were glad to put an winter appatell, Dowee 
food cloſe by noꝛthweſt, and wel nozthweſt all night. 

The ürſt ol December, about lire nf the clocke in the moming, wee ſawe lande on the coatt of 
Braſile, in the height of 28. vegrees, op there abouts, which bare noꝛthweſt, and was 8. leagues 
from vs very high land. Ie ſtoode in with it, being much winde, and comming neere, lound di⸗ 
uers Illands: and ſeeing the Francis, would not come roome, no; runne a heade vs, we Loode in 
with the ſhoare, and ſo wunder in 30. fathome oaze, the leagues offthe lande, bearing from the 
Weit noꝛthweſt to the noꝛth noꝛthweſt ol vs, and fo ſtoode in till it ſboalded oꝛderly into ſeuen far 
thome, wichin a mile of a head lande: then perceauing abjeach ouer our bowe, and no hope of « 
good harbour in that plate, we bare vp roome, and our Abmirall after vs, whome we baled: then 
he tolde vs he would {eeke harbour to Lee wards, requiring me to goe a heade. Then ſering the 
barke was a fterne, J hoiſed out my Chiffe, and ſette her matte and ſaile, taking her ging, and 
Tobias, one ofmy Watters Mates with me, and ranne before the ſhippe, ſownding in 15. tachom 
faire fand,leauing a ledge of rockes a ſea boond of vs: fo the ſhippes aud the barke loofe vp vnder 
—— a head land, and ankered in eight fatbome, halfe a mile off the land, hauing bꝛought the hend land, 
pod ad 7425 in 27. degrees, 30. minuts;fouth loutheaſt of them, and the IRoph land nopeheatt of 


A Koode on with che bite, hoping to linda better harbour to Leeward thꝛee leagues, but it pꝛo⸗ 
ued not fo: wherefore J returned, and in my way abooꝛd, I met with a rocke in the fea, where we 
landed, and killed good ftore of fowle, and after J went abooothe Admirall, where J prefenten 
him with lo wle. and returned aboond to ſupper. 

In this time our boates had bene aland, and found water, ballaſte, and tino decaied houſes, ag 
they told me, and our men abooꝛd hocken freſh iche. This night we rid quietly. 

The lecond being Sunday in the moꝛning. our General, Captaine Hawkins, Malter Mad - 
dox, aud others, came aboozd to vilite Maſter Walker: during his being here aboozd, a ſudden 
ee ee ouer his ſtomake, which made him (cote vp, and do wu ward: then J ſent for Mae 
ſter Parker, and with him came Maſter Banniſter: after he began to be a little better, we all ex 
tept the 8 n ee ei 
was appointenthe n e. ionenoone our Maſters moared our ſhippes further into the 
Baye. Ie bzought the South point ſautheaſt ol vs, and che noꝛchland noꝛthealt, and fo rid. 

After dinner. Captaine Parker, wich my boate, and companp, went a lande, and there placev 
I rr Mels. In the meane time, J accompanied with Patter Hawkins Mater 

addox, Maſter Cotton, aud diuers of mine owne people landed farther within the Bape, and 
found two riuers of freſh water, and a good liſhing place. Nꝛeſently I ſent a boo for mp net, with 
which at one dꝛaught, we drew Coo. great Mullets, and fine great Bailes, the like draught was 
Seeg dk neuer frente with fofinall a netstwith which we went aboord , ging to the Abnikll 240, tothe 
Francis 80. andthe reſt our companie ſpent, and gaue Almigbtie Gov chankes for bis great 
oodnes. 
1 0 All this while was captaine Parker, and ocherg gone into the lann, and fired the woods, which 
burner extremely: at length we all met, and ſupped abooꝛdthe Edward with mee, and alter up: 
per departed abooꝛd to their charges. All this night we had faite weather. 

The third day in the moming, our Carpenter calked without boozd, and the Malter, and o⸗ 
thers,tooke vp all the merchandize in the ſterne heetes to the keele, and there put dotune a boates 
Loving of done: and fecing the merchandise well conditioned, ſtowed the fame againe: in the 
eet ens in our boates, (craped off che twopmes,and toathed the rudder, and 
part of one five of our ſhip. 

After dinner the Maſter Pilot. and J, went a ſhoare, and obſeruen the Dunne at noone , wlich 
being pat, with our net wee dꝛewe plentic of diners fortes of liſhes, ann went from that Baye tn 
the watering place: from thente, abooꝛd the Generall, which bad taken Philke, and — 


December, 


Fenton and 


them and the Franc 
maged a fopemat , 
matte. 


The 4, day in th 
and fome to mendot 


ped aud wathe all | 
This afternoone 


Awent, and tooke n 
Dores: after we wei 
himſelfe ficke, whon 
front ſhoare, and gau 
Che 5. day betin 
fhippe to ſcarbood, 
med our cafke,ando 
ſome water, we ſtock 
hindꝛed our bulines 
The 6, dape in th 
fouthwards the Aor 
appointed me to goe 
into the Frauncis, an 
lagues to the Lewa 
eee the fea 
prise together, be 
lo that about fire of t 
After we had taker 
bith them, before ch 
waboczotbe Gener⸗ 
the Gouernour of the 
He founde an E 
of England foure an 
of Plate, at a Cowne! 


Dolie Father, he was 
Honaſterie. 

The lubſtance of ¢ 
of Magellan, asthe} 
nero, where they had. 
tompanie. but came 
and foure ſcoze perfe 
ber, could nat agree, 
ide Frier bought chi 
deuided themſelues . a 
befoye at River de Pl 
men to remaine aboc 
fayles away with in 


Che 7. dapinthe 
x, certaine articles, 
der altogether tothe 
nigbt be diſtouered b 
whofe comming was 
Which was not dete 
Then was determi 
vam fet vp lodge no} 


Ward. | Fenton andWard, of the Englith nation. 660 


ch raine ti them and the Francis fiſhe fo their companies, aud fo went abood, where our companie had ro- 
yaa * fo that this afternoone we tookt in tu boatcs moze lading of tones afope 
had a 
en Che 4. day in the moꝛning, Iſent 30. men aland. fome to tut hoopes, ſome to cut fire wood, 
in wih the im dome to mendour maine lalle: the ren aboopdemptied dur calte, wobict; was filled with fale 
water, to Riffen the ſhippe, and wich Ordinance, and all our meanes erumimed her ouer to pont, and 
moning, lightned her ſtemme , that the Carpenter mighe the better come to the leake, Alter dunner we (eras 
e ped and wathed all her ſtarboo)d fide,andtooke in a boates loding of ſtones. 
welt, and This afternoone the Generall ſent for me to goe aland with him in his Pinnelle, with whome 
„Do wee Awent, and tooke mp nette wich mee, and there tooke good ſtoze of fithe, eſpetially files called The nereſui 
Hbores: after we went to the watring place, aud tame aboopd the ſooner betaule the General found vir at rt. 
the coaſt ol m bimfelfe ſicke, whome J {et abooꝛd in my (hiffe,and weut abooꝛdmp ſelle, and ſent fo; our people 
0 from ſhoare, and gaue God thankes aud (upped late. 


Che 5. day betimes in the moꝛning, we ſent our ſaile menders a ſboare, and trimmed ouer our 
hippe to ſtardood, and walhed the other five, In the meane while, dur Cooper, and others trim 
med our cafkeand others placed it in holde. Alſo we tooke in 2, boates lodiug move of ſtones, and 
fone water, we Mocked a beate anker, and bent a newe cable, fox it was very much winde, which 
hindꝛed our bufines greatly. : 

Che 6, dape in the moꝛning, before 6, of the clocke, wee ſawe a ſaile whieh went towards the 
fouthwards the Admirall not hauing knowledge chereof : J went abaoꝛd, and certified him, who u lanie terns 
appointed me to goe and bying her in. and to take Captaine Parker, aud fome of the Gallions men nd . un. 
into the Frauncis, andthe Admirals ſkifſe with vs: fo wee gaue her chale , andtooke her fire 
lagues to the Lewards of the plate we rode in. Then not being able to etch the roade againe, 


e head land, we ankered in the ſea. J, intending to tome away in the Pinneſſe, and leaue the Francis, and 

noztheaſt of the prise together, being readie to depart, the winde blewe at South, a ſtoute gale, and raine, 
ſathat about fire of the clocke, we ankered in the roade where our ſhips rwe in. 

8, butit po: After we had taken them, and that Captaine Parker, and J, were abood, we had muchtalke 


a, where we with them, before they tame to the ſhippes, and being ankered there, the chiefe men were carri · 
Ipꝛeeſented waboozdtbe Generall, which was a Gentleman, named Don Franciſco de Vera, Mephew to 
the Gouernour of the Riuer De Plate, named Don Iohn de Torre Vera. 

Me founde an Engliſhman, named Richard Carter, bone in Limehoufe, twho had bene out nithard care 
of England foure and twentie peeres, and hath bene nere twelue perres vwelling in the River mangas 
of Plate, at a Cowne named Aſcenſion, thee hundꝛeth leagues vp in the Niuet, whither they the pine. 
bete no we determined to goe, and inhabite, hauing two women, and two pong childzen, ſeuen 
Ftiers, the reſt boyes, and ſaylers, to the number of 2 1. perſons. an 

Theolve Frier was had in great reuerence among the rel: infomuch that they talled him the pur 
Dalte Father, he was abiding in no place, but as Uiſitoꝛ, be went viſiting from Monalterie to 


Ponatterie. 

Che ſubſtante of all the ſpeeches was, that che Dpanith Fleece was befone atthe Streights 
of Magellan, as they thought, fo; they were departed fire werkes paſt from the Niuer of Ge- 
nero, Where they had beene ſtuen moneths to refreſh and winter. And that thefe wert not of that 


Bape, and tompanie. but came out ok Spaine, the 26. ol Pape, 15 8 2. in a Barke of foure (core tunne, 
ny net, with and foure {core perfons of purpole, for the Niuer of Plate: che Friers beeing eighteene in num: 
Naugbt was der, could nat agree, and their Barke was a ground at Spirito ſanto, like to be loſt: therefqe the 
1240. woche we frier bought this ſmall barke of 46. tune, at a pot, named Spirito ſanto in Brafile, and fo 
02 his great dettided themſe lues. and comming from thence, lof companie at fea, but they thought they were 

befone at Niuer de Plate. After his ſpeeches, J went, and appointed (by the Generals ozder) 
bod, which mento remaine aboo)d the prise, with Captaine Parker, and bhougte one of the Portingals 
md after fap: 8. awap with me, and tame aboor, where J founde that dur men bad filled water all 
alter, and o⸗ The 7. vapin the moꝛning, che Geuerall Cent for me, where be ſbewer me, and Paſter Mad 
lune a boates @dox,certaine articles, which the Friers and marriners Sopaniards were examined ol, which ten⸗ 
nine: in the deb altogether tothe knowlenae of the Spaniſh fleetes intent, and ok the meanes whereby wer 


prupber, and nigtt be diſcouered by wap of River de Plate, by land to Peru. In this time tame the reſt, after 
whofe comming was debated, whetherit were beſt to take the boate, and people with vs oz not, 

Which was not determined, but referred till further examination. f 
Then was determined to paſſe by the ſtreigbts notwithſtanding the Spaniards were there, but 

notte fet vp forge. no} to build pinnelſe, but water, and fo thorough. ¢ 


The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton andW ard, 


f 
sina 
fed, 


a) 


axe 


Further, it was determined that Captaine Hawkins, Maſter Tailboys, Matter Gefiries, apa: 
fer Hoode,opatter Blackcoller, and two ſailers of each ſhippe ſbould romage the prize abourthe 
appointment of whome, gtewe bnkinde, and hot ſpeeches, betweene the Generall, and Batter 
Parker, againſt me, conc authoꝛitie, and gouernment, and alfo Captaine Hawkins finding 
himſelfe inturied, was plain with them both: ſo chat we were beyond the termeg of Commiſſio⸗ 
ners, and fell to plaine bzawling, and bragging the tircumſtauces J omit, as too long, and vntt 
to be witten. Time being thus ſpent the Generall called for wine, and ended all coutentions, and 
ſo we dined there with him. i 
Atter dinner they ſearched the barke and foundin her diuers trilles, which are noted in a paper 
bythemlelues. IJ went a fifhing aud came abooꝛd from whencethe Generall ketched me, and went 
abooꝛo to the old Frier in the barke: after we had talked with him. we came abooꝛd, and there fup. 
ped inthe Edward with me, the Generall, P. Maddox, Captaine Parker, and Maſter Hall: wee 
debated of diners caules beloze, and alter (upper, and ſo departed, with promife to dine with the 
Generall the next day. 5 5 

Chis vay allo we tocke vp all the ret ofour Oꝛdinance, and placed them, and tooke in a boates 
fading of ſtones, and filled water all day. 

Che 8, day afore noone, Maſter Walker, and J, went abooꝛd the Admiral to dinner, where was 
determined to dilcharge the Spanilh barke, named our Ladie of pitie, and all the men except Ri- 
chard Catter, the Engliſh man, and Iohn Pynto,a Pottingall which dwelled at River de Plate. 

After dinner, che General appointed me. and Captaine Hawkins, to {ee them all et abo 
their ſhip, and to reteaue from them certaine neceflaries, which willingly they imparted with vs, 
andtoleaue them ſatilied. ¶Ubich done. J returned abooꝛd, and hauing Deuiped the necellartes to 
each ſhip his part, we entred into conſultation, where Satter Walker pꝛopoundedcertaine queſti⸗ 
ons to the Generall of vnkindnes . by me conceaued againſt him, which moued him to ſome cho 
lerike termes with me, which J anſwered: and in the ende, all matters almoſt being ogreedbe · 
tweene vs. then began he to queſtion with Captaine Hawkins, which contention was tedious, 
and not fully ended before ſupper, began againe after ſupper: ſo that about 10. of the clocke after 
ſupper, we came abooꝛd. ; 

In this moming before my going foorh, wetrimmed our ſhippe ouer to port, aud came to our 

leakes, and not being able to Kop the lame without boozd, we Topped the fame within boyd, and 
alter out men ſilledall our water caſke, lader, and placed all our Dadinance, and made all things 
ready to goe hence. 5 f 

Che 9. dap being Sunday in the moming, Iſent maſter Shawe, and maler Geffries, abooyd 
the Admirall to peruſe the Spaniards letters wherein they found the eltate of the F leete, which 
was in the Streights of Magellane, as by che note thereof appeareth. 

About ten of the clocke, the Generall, maſter Maddox, Captaine Hawkins, and Captaine Par- 
ker, came abooꝛd of me. che Generall began to repꝛoue my Quarter maſter, for gtudging of vic 
tuall foꝛ the Francis, which was anſwered, and he wel fatiffien. Then ſent J for the old Ftier, aid 
Don Franciſco, who all dined with me, and after dinner the Spaniards hauing reteauedthe Ca 
now which was ſunke a land, and ſtones to ballaſt them, with my boate carried them, and all other 
things to their liking, and content, they departed from mee: the Generall alfo departed, and his 
tompanie, who being gone, J deuider the ſuger and ginger among my people, which the Spaui⸗ 
ards gaue vs, and after {pent the day i: dinatie bulines, 

The 10. dap inthe moꝛning our ide went a filing, whereol we eate as much to lupper, as 
ſerued che companie the reſt we lau d ‘op ſcoze, and to pꝛoue if they would take fale op not. Inthe 
afternoone our fhiffe went againe to liſhe, and tooke good fore: the rett of our people tooke their 
tale, ſume abooꝛd, and ſome on ſhoare. f 

The 11. day betimes in the moʒning our ſkiffe went againe to ithe, x tooke great plentye. A 
bout 7. of the clocke, A went a land. taking with me the M. x others of our belt men tothe number 


Chings found of 22. perſons, x traueled to 3 place, there our people before had found many grtat iars of earth, 
inthe Adand. ederaied habitations of the Indians, trees being dead, and tnitherenotftneete nooo, ranch 


tree ok ſweete wood, and nought many peetes thereol abo 


plate, we law ou r the toys of a narrow wood i faire plauie, which at the requeſt of the P. and the 
reſt. I went with them 
ſuppoſed plaine: ¢ when we came to it, wer found the lo wet part thereof higher then any of out 
heads and fo molſie vnder foote, that we ſlipped tothe knees many ſteps, which ſo wearied vs ihat 
for mu part, J was very ſicke, and fo batted abooꝛd, leauing the Maller with 15. men, which cuts 
070. 

About 3.afternoane, p. Walker, aud manpof our men being alhaatt, che mine cane ft 


. 


to fee. Me paſlep though a thicke e perillous wood, before we tame tothe 


s 
Fenton, ana 


6 — 
and we layd out awa 
warpe with a bende, 
The 12. day abou 
lenge of rockes, x the 
per and all bake, ſo 
wap the ſame: after v 
bout, and went room 
tis to belpe out our 
poate the ſooner, and 
anv all, and put out a 
About 6.a clocke ati 
about, all night it w 
She 13 gay abou 
which gale we ſtood 
ol the land a hed, all 
but is all ſandy hille 
dom water and with 
uns to giue warning 
Sood off, Doutheaſt 
South by weſt al n 
The 14 day we w 
mopning about 7. lea 
wet, and the wind fi 
night fop a while, che 
Chis dap at 8. at 
it was in maner cal 
Che 15. day in th 
whole default J kno 
then we hapled her, 
that the wind was bs 
dae, and ſtood off at 
booꝛd tacken, and fo 
Che 16. day bei 
ning. at 8.a clocke u 
along ſouth by well 
aclocke, the wind la 
which bare weſt four 
to we went all night 
The Dunne fee this 
moꝛning Eaſt by fo 
The 17. dap wel 
Lap betweene the S 
ded them, and riued 
tlocke at night it be 
and South ſouthw 
The 19. day wel 
- The 20 dap abor 
ter the Patter, the 
neralz vpon our co 
Wing dyned, the Ge 
ting two demands, 
» Che effect of the 
2. Mbether it wa 
tonſidering the foꝛc 
termination was th 
netellary buſineſſes 
2. Demand mas 


— —J——B PWW 
W ard Fenton, and Warde. of the Engliſh nation. 662 
fies, Oa: ind we layd out a warpe to the Noꝶtheaſt, and began to winde a hedo after we layd aut another 
b about the parpe with a bende, and wound to the platt, and fo ridve by it one anker all night, 
nb patter The 12. day about 5,a clocke in the moming, we (et ſaple, and as we ranne out betweene the 
ns finding lenge of rockes,¢ che mayne in 8,fadom water, as we were catting aur ander, the cattrope, Roy 
. per and all wake, ſo that we mete glad to let flip all the cable, and caſt off aur boate, and ſhiſſe ta 
and unfit buy che lame: after we han asd out a good map, the Admiral toas vnder ſaple, then caſt we a 
tions and bout, and went roome wil ie Admiral which weaned vs, who Lent in his pinneſle, and the Fran⸗ 
. tis to belpe out our boats, ſo bythe belpe ofthe Admirals pinnefle, with her ſayle, wee had our 
in apaper poate the ſooner, and abaut 12. a clocke at noone taken inthe anker, cable, our long boate, fhiffe, 
and went anv all, and put out all out Caples bearing alter the Admirall, which went hence South bp eat. 
chere Supe About 6.aclocke ar nigbt being chick weather we Lott ight of; Land, being 4.leagues off on there 
Hall: wee about, all nigbt it was but litle winde yet went we our courfe Douth by well. 
re with the Cher gt about 7,4 foꝛenoone the wind blewe at Douth foutheak,¢ was verp logge, with 
which gale we ſtood in larbooꝛd tacked welt, till roa clock the ame foyenoonestben had we fight 
in aboates of the land a hedd, all along (fo it waxed cleere weather)it ſheweth afarre off, like white cleeues, 
put is all (andy billes, and bayes along che {ea fine: at one a clocke afternoone we were in 16. fa· 
where was dom water and within halle a league of the fyoare, where we faw ſeuerall fires made by the Audi · 
ercept N- ins to giue warning to the other people within the land as we ſuppoſedꝛ then we caſt about, and 
de Plate. Sood off, Souchealt bp eaſt till minight, that the wind came larges then went wee our courte, 
Let aboow South bp weſt til next moꝛzning. 
ed with vs, Che 14 day we went our courſe South by welt hauing fight or che land at 6, a clocke in the 
teſſattes ta mowing about 7. leagues olf and ſo went till 6. at night that we lam lande againe, 7. leagues off 
aine queſti⸗ weit, md the wind hiften to the South: then we calt about and food off Catt ſoutheaſt at 7. at 
o ſome cho · nigbt fo; a while, chen came vp the wind at Nonthweſt and blew a good. 
ogreedbe · This day at 8. a tloche at night we had a pꝛety gale and went our courſe with it til 12. alter, 
ras tedioug, it was in maner calme all night, 
clocke alter Che 15. dap in the mozning, che Admirall was a hedd, as larre as we tould almoſt (ee her, by 
whole default J know not, ¢ being litle wind we could not get to her till 4.a clocke afternoone, 
ame to our then we hapled her, and ſtood in betweene the South ſouth weft, and the ſouthwelt til 6, at nighe 
hood, aud that the wind was variable, and foule weather: then we caſt about, and founded in 23. fadom loft 
all things dae, and Mood offa while Noꝛtheaſt: and prefenely caſt about againe, and went fouth by eaſt lars 
hood tacked, and louth loutheaſt among all nigbeꝛat 4 in the moming 15. ladom ſande. ö 
ries, abooꝛd Che 16. day being Sunday we ſawthe land within z. leagues ol bs at 6. a clocke in the mops 
eete, which ning. at 8.a clocke we taſt about and went Noꝛtheaſt till 1 1. the fame fozenoone, then wee Food 
along ſouth by welt fil within 3. oz 4. leagues ofthe ſhoare, and in 12. fadom water, ſand about 2. 
yptaine Par- aclocke, the wind larger, ſo we went louth by eaſtꝛat sa clocke we were 6, leagues off the lande 
ging of tice which bare wert ſouthweſt of vs, and was in the 23.fadom, after the wind came bp at Northeaſt: 
d Frier, ud dbowe went all night Souch with our beats haplen of: a cleere night of ſtarres but cold weather. 
uedthe Cas CTbe Dunne fee this nigbt at ſouthweſt by welt, and to the Moꝛthwards a litle, and role the next 
md all other moꝛning Eaſt by ſouth, and to the Southwards. 1.0 
ed, and his Che 17. dap we went our courte South til ii. a clacke afeernoones chen the wind ſtanting we 
the Spanie Lap betweene the Douthealt, and the Galt loutheaſt, til che next day mopning with litle winde. 
The 18. day afopenoone,being calme pet a boylting ſea, we cookein all our ſaples, and men⸗ 
ſupper, as ded them, and riued newe mapne tides, and repaired manp decayes, as a Ramme bead et. at 7. a 
not. Inthe tlocke at nigbt it began to blowe at fouchealt,¢ fo we lap by larboom tacked ſouthhwelt bp ſouth, 
e tooke theit and South ſouthweſt all night with a good gale, 5 
b The 19. dap we ſtood in next hand ſouthweſt all vap and nigbe. 
tplentye. A⸗ - The 20. dap about 10. a clocke afozenoone, me went abeond the Admirall: vis. Maſter Mal ⸗ 


ter the Malter, che Pylot, che two Marchants, and my ſelfe, being virected ſo to do bythe Gene⸗ 
ars of earth neralz vpon our comming the Generall was going to dinner where we alſo dyned with buns bas 


9. From that wing dyned, the General called vs bis Alliſtants into bis cabben,and there deliuered to vs in mi⸗ 
e P.andtee ting two demands to bee by vs conſidered vpon, and he co haue our opinions therein. 

ecame tothe » The effect of the demands were chele, 

en any of out 1. Mbetber it was beſt ſoz vs to aduenture our ſelues to palle the Steigbts of Magelan o; not, 
aried vs he tonlidering the force of the enemp, which we knew to be there before vs: and alſo that our de⸗ 
v hich cut a termination was ther to fet vp our pinneſſe, make pron boopes,carrenc our ſbips, and do all our 


neceflarp buſineſſes fo; the full accompliftment of our voyage. 
te; 2. Demand was, ifthat courſe were not thougbt W 
N 00, 8 


— — — —— —ꝛA—L . ĩ̈—kꝛł nN 
663 The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton, and Warde, 


To the ürſt we were of opinion, chat it were good to heare the opinions of Captame Det 
kins, Captaine Dpake,¢ the 2. pylota, wbich bad patlen the ſcreigbte, and knew che baten, ves 
Aken places to be foyciied ¢ inhabited op not,tobo were called and the 3,9Patters with themsehete 
opinions were as diuers as their names,¢ almuch differ ed, as before this time they weare wont 
vluallp to doꝛonly they all agreed in this one point, it was impoſiibis {op vs to palſe öͤareghts 
without ſceing, and incountring with ebe Hips although the fopcifpadtag of the lande did not ane 
nop vs, which being long and thꝛoughly debated, and their opinion the 3. aſters deman⸗ 
ded, which accoꝛded not {cant any one with other, they were diſmilled. 

Then the General receiued the opinions of vs his Aſliſtants: beginning with the pongeſt in 
aucthopitp firſt, which when he had harde them all ouer, @ being ſet downẽ in wpiting vnder our 
hands, he tooke veliberation till after ſupper to gine bis determination. 

Then we had all ſupped then he ſent fo vs downe into his cabden and deliuered in wziting 
his determination, which was) to victuall, and furniſh our ſeluts on this coat belaze he proces 
Ded any further, and named 2. places River de Plate, e & Vincent to be choſen. 

- Micharddars Kop the better deciphering of River de Plate, and the commoditis therol, was called before be 

Wa Richard Carter, which doch dwel there, who could not affure vs of any wine extept we could ſtap 
the pille carted 4. moneths fop it, but other victuals plenty: the riuer oale ¢ dangerous, p road 7. leagues from 
ent With any towne, oz place of commoditie:whlch confideres with the trecherie that might from thente be 

pbled, into the Streights by fea,¢ into Peru by land, we all concluded to go to O. Vincent, which 
et is inhabited with Poztingals, and where in honelt ſozt we might conueniently haue all our 
nes done. ; 
Eber ferme With chisrefolurion we tooke our leaues about 8, a clocke at night, x being come abooy pye⸗ 
438 latunde ſently bare vp, & went rome, hauing all che dap beloze beate vp the winde larboond tacked atk 
ſoutheaſt til at nightsafter it was a litle winde all night, we went Roꝛth next hande. 

The ar. dap after ſerulce, J declared unto my companp, the intent of our teturne to the Wort 
of D. Vincent, wherewith they were wel faciftied being before doubtlull that we ſhould not pos 
ceede, but returne without perfoꝛmance of our vopage. It continued calme all dap till 6. at nigbt, 
then we went Nozthwelt by welt, till 8. at night: and then we caſt abdut, and food off Cat ſouth⸗ 
eaſt, and Cal by South all night with a good gale, i 

John m1 The 22. day in the moꝛning, we mille the Francis, which by all pꝛeſumption went roome in 
m che Francis the beginning of the night. . 
ter of Pia About fire afozenoone we caſt about, and ſtood in Rozthwelt, till fire a clocke at nigbt: then 
2 1575 bia we went about, and toon of Cak by Douth, and Eat Doutheak among all night, til ſoure a 
awap, but the clocke next moꝛning. f f 
1 Ube 23. day at foure a clocke in the moꝛning we caſt about, and food in CHett noꝛthwelt, and 
15. nionethe as IUeſt by noꝛth, till twelue at noont: Then we ſtoode about larboꝛde tacked a while, and prefente 
rat the Sas lp the winde came large, ſo we went Nonth by catt, E Noth nozthealt all dap e night following, 
Cbe 24. day we went Noꝛth noꝛtheaſt, and JQopeh hy eat, til one a clocke after midnight:then 
we caſt about, and food of Caſt ſoutheaſt, and Southeaſt by eaſt, all the reſt of the night. 

The 25. day being Chꝛiſtmas dap, it was little winde in the foopenoone till ten a clocke, then 
it blewe a kreſh gale, with which we went out courſe orth noꝛtheaſt: in the afternoone it was 
leſſe winde: yet went we our courte Moꝛch by eaſt, and Mozth noztheaſt and Noꝛzth and Noꝛth by 
wet till midnight. Then being in ſhoaled water, wee caſt about, and lap South ſouthealt, and 
Doucheat by ſouth an houre, ¢ ſeeing our Admiral came uot after vs, we caſt about back againe 
e pꝛeſently met him, (owe went both together next hand South loutheaſt, al the reit ofthe night. 

finite mums ¢ Tbis alternoone we ſaw the imme of fithes fo thicke in the fea,chat it ſeemed a watertroubled 
offithe, with trampling of hoꝛſes, which was thicke, and flimp,fo2 we had taken vp ſome okit. 

Che 26. dap at 7. afopenoone we caſt about, and food in Noꝛth by welt, and Nozth nozthweſt: 
about 11. at noone we ſamtbe Land which lay Noꝛthweſt of vs J. leagues, at one a clocke wee 
caſt about, and food of Soucheatkt with a South gale all nigbt. a : 


Che 27. day we ood off into the fea hecincew the Soucheatt and the Eaſt by Noꝛth all Dap and 
night with a koule gale of wind at Moꝛt dh. ng ee 

The 28. dap it was calme all the fopenoone till 13,aclocke then we went Meſt noꝛthwelt: du⸗ 
ring this calme we tooke in our mayne Sayle and toppe layles, and mended themꝛall the day and 
night follwing much winde. N J 

Che 29. day we went I eſt nopehinctt witha louth gale, till 6, a clocke at nigbt: then it thun · 
dred, ligbtned and rained, the winde almoſt calme and ſhiſting, where with we went all nighe, bes 


tweene the Caſt, and the Nozth noꝛtheat. Che 


Fenton, and h 


_ NS 
Che zo. dap being e 
popfeo out our ſkiffeitl 
bauket of ſweete meat 
by our lelues of the ſta 
of the clocke we tool 
bel ill aus night, the 
ch kogge. 

was 21. J laſt of D 
chen feeing the landz. 
, Che fick dap ol Ja 
went hand Roth noel 
Che 2. dap nur fore 
Carpẽter wzought vp 
The 3. day we wen 
ve toon off Catt ſout 
The 4. dap at 4, ac 
ſunne in ligbt ol land 
bout and ſtood of Spot 
This fozenoont wi 
The 3. day at 9.a c 
Southeat by eaſt no! 
hone ol the place wert 
night with a ſtout gal 
ud twas greatlp ton 
The 6. dap after di 
tweene the lout heat, 
Che 7. day we wet 


Nohthweſt, and betw 
The 9. day after w 
ſoza wbile, but aftern 
Noꝛth noztheaſt. 
Che ro. day we w 
The 11. day we w 
ifwinde. 
The 12. day we w 
ing neere the land cat 
The 13. day we w 
the lande Clleſt by ne 
where we faa whit 
bout and ſtood off eat 
About z. a clock tl 
aboozd the Admiral, 
tauſed the General, 
fuppen:¢ hauing hat 
ted and the ſkilfe bro 
At 10. a clocke th 
and the Noztheaſt to 
The 14. day in the 
tlocke in the fozenot 
beare JRoyth nozthw 
rall would needs con 
night, ſo that at 6.a c 
The 15. day we p 
night, but kept figh 
clofe by the wind as 
Che 16. day haui 
ning a league to leet 


Fenton, and Ii arde. of the Engliſh nation. 664. 


Che 30, dap being Qundap, after Sermon, dinner, and obleruation of the Dunne at noone, we , 
popfed out our ſkiffeꝛthe (Daler, P. Walker, and I went a boop the Admirall where wee had a: 
bankct of ſw eete meates: after that ended, the General and J fell into familiar conference ſeueral 
bp our (clues of the Mace of our voyage, ę debated long of the fame in geod lot: then being neces, 
gol che clocke we tooke our leaues, t came aboopd;¢ tooke in our fhiffe, and went Moꝛth noꝛztb⸗ 
vel till 8. at night, then we alt about, and went ſouthe alt, and ſouthealt bp ſouth al nighs ſmooth 


5 ch fog E. 2 1892 ‘ n 341 
un was 21.0 taf of Decẽber at 6. afopenoone me caſt about, ¢ Food in nopcheakt til 3. aſternoone: 
ongeſt in then ſeeing the land z. leagues off vs, we caſt about ſcood off eaſt ſoutheaſt al night iw litle wind. 
nder our Cbe ſieſt we of e had litle wind all day and nighe, but we lapd our courſe withall January. 
next hand Month nozthe 1 27095 f on nel dis, 
toriting Che 2. day, our fopetoppmatt being perithen, we tooke it do wne, x the cap of Malt, which the 
be procees Cutter wrought vpon al dap, x nigbt: we wee our courte next hand, noꝛth noꝛtheaſt litle wind. 
Che 3. day we went our courte till 11. a clocke at night Noth by eaſt, then the wind ſcanted, e 
before vs ve food off Catt ſoutheaſt till 4. next mogning, i 
ould fay Che 4. dipat 4, a clocke afopenoone we went Rozthnext hand, till 3. a clocke at night, bauing 
es from sunne in light ol land all dap chen being in 15, faders water within 2. mile ofthe ſboare, we taſt ae 
thente be bout and ſtaod of South foutheall,and Bout heaſ all nigbt, with a reaſonable gale, 
nt, which This fopenoone we {et bp our kogetopmaſt agaiue, being wel mended. 
ue all our The 5. dap at 9. a clocke afezenoone, we caſt about: whereas all the moꝛning before we went 
Houtheatt by eaſt now we went Month till 3. afternoone: then being in fight or land, 3. leagues 
oo pee hojt ol the place wert wa were the day befope at that time we call about, and went Southealt all 
hed Galt night with a ſtout galeofwind. This afternoone our mainetopplaple ſplit from the boltropes, 
uud was greatly tonne wich we got downe, and began to mende. 
the Pozt The 6. day after dinner we gatt vp our mainecopplaile againe, and went all dap and night, bes 
D not pre- wweene the ſouthealt, and the Catt by ſouth with much winde. N 15 
eat night, Che /. dap we went between the eaſt by Couch, x the eaſt all the day e night with a ſtoute gale, 
alt ſouth⸗ The 8. dap we went next hand, Catt tit 3. a clocke afternoone,then we talt about, and food in 
e Noth welt, and betweene that and the Het all nigbt. a a 
roome in The 9. dap after we had ſtricken and mended our mainefaple we went north by eat, litle wind 
ö fora while, but afternoone it blew a ſlout galeꝛſo we went our courſe all dap, and night next hand 
she: then orth noztheaſt. a n 
ll ſoure a Che ro. day we went all dap and night our courſe Nozth noꝛtheaſt with a Mout gale of wind. 
f The 11. day we went our courſe Nozth, and Noz th by cat all dap, and night with a ſtout gale 
wet, and if winde. ö 
dpeſent⸗ The 12. day we went betweene the noꝛth, and the Noꝛthwett cill 12. at midnight: then we bee 
Mowing, ing neere the land caſt about, and ſtood of Eaſt noꝛtheaſt till 4.in the moꝛning. 
igbtthen The 13. day we went about after 4, a clocke in the moꝛning, and ſtosd in wel hauing fight of 
t. the lande Ciel by noꝛth till one a clocke akternosne: then being within 4. leagues of the ſhoare: 
tke, then _ phere we lawa white pinnacle like a watch compe, which bare Tiel noꝛthweſt of vs: we caſt a 
ie it was bout and ſtood off ealt, till 10.a clocke at night litle winde. 0 
Porth by About z. a clock this afternoone J hoyſed out my ſkpffe and ſent ber with the Matter, & plot 
eat, and b abooꝛd the Admiral, to conferre with them there, who ſhewing them that J was not well at eaſe, 
k againe tauſed the General, M. Maddox, and Captaine Parker, to come abood and viſit me, where they 
he night. ſupped: c hauing had fore couftrence with him about our dealings at S. Vincent pt. be depar⸗ 
‘troubled ted and che fhiffe bought she Matter ¢ Pplotaboopd againe who {upped abooʒd the Gallion. 
At rc. a clocke the winde came large and we went all night betweene the IRopehealt by eat, 
oth weft: and the Noztheaſt to goe cleare of the land we ſaw ouer night. 
ocke wee The 14. day in the moꝛning it was hayſie and thicke weather, fo we fave not the land till 9. a 
; tlocke in the fozenoone, vntill which time we halled in Tick nozthweſt: but then {ceing lande 
Uday ano beare Noꝛth nozthweſt of vs we ſtood hence eaſt noꝛtheaſt til 7. a clocke at night: then our Admi⸗ 
a tall would needs come to anker vpon the hed land, but J thought it not belt and lay cloſe by all 
welt: du⸗ night, ſo that at 6,a clocke in the moꝛning we were 4. myles to wynd ward of her. 
e day and The 15. day we plyed off and on in the entrance of the bay, and got licle oꝛ nothing all day and 
night, but kept ſight ol our Admiral which ride at anker till t 2. at noane:then {ec ſaple, and lay 
n it thun⸗ tloſe by the wind as we did. 


igbt, bes 6 The 16. dap hauing turned to winde wards all nigbt before, we found our felues in the more 
cn ning a league to leewards of the Dare neu by the ſhiltings of the winds ta 
8 00 2 our 


665 
our dilavuantage, this ſopenoone about tenne aciocke we mett a change of waters, whichrunne 


out Douth ſoutheaſt into the fea which wee ſuppoled to be ſome frefhet whi 
Bap, and lyeth along the coal Moyth nonheak and Mouth. ſouthwen —1.— . — 


The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton and Warde. 


8 1 * 

ernoone we Reove in Rogeh noztheaſf, into eight fadomes and a hall. 
five of the Bay and about 4.4 clocke we Rood out againe Souch ſouthe alt, m e 
miral, whole fight we lott the nigbt befoze, but ſeeing we went fo faſt to leewards we ankted at 


7A clocke vnder a (mall Mand ample off Meſtꝛour hip caped Calt noztheaſt, x Moptheak mot 


part of che nighe, which we iudge was ſome ſtreame which tame p way, fo} it was litle wind. 


The 17. dap abont 7. a clocke the Malter, maſter Blaccoller, and I went in our ſuiffe and row. 


ed and founded round about the Ile, and found 16. fadomes within a tones cat hard abonve the 


A mal Ifland 
white 


dur 
men called 
Faulcon Fhe. 


Citron Ille, 


fhoare,and faire ground: alter we landed, and found nothing but woods and buſbes, and ftrange 
woʒmes: we fa a faulcon, and onc other ſmall birde, and thereſoze named it Faulcon Fle: it is 
ample about, with a rocke on the Catt Cine, which tyeth clofe to te, and it is in light without dans 
ger, after we came aboozd, and dyned, at two a clocke,we ſet faile with winde Southeaſt, ¢ ranne 
in Noꝛtheaſt a while till tbe winde [Ran ted: chen we went in Moreh nopthe alt, till we were in /. 
fadome and a halfe of water, within a itague of the Choares then wi calt about, and flood off fouth 
foutheatt all night till 6.actocke next moꝛning. 1 

The 18. day at 6. a clocke a forenoone we cal about and ſtood in Moreh by kalt, North nopth. 
enſt, aud ſumetime Nojthe at, being ſometime a gale, ſometime talme: about three a tlotke afojes 
day we ſaw our Admirall againe, and kept her campanp till day. 

The 19. day being within a league of the Citren Ne about 8, a clocke a foꝛenoone we went 
abowethe Generall viz. M. WMalker, che Mater, che Pylot, and iny (cle reiopeing of our good 
meeting, wha tolde me of their eull roade, tebere they lef an anker a cable and a batufer:and bow 
the day before their N vnnelle was a theare on the fame Jland and found fo wle, and water there, 
e they hav unt their boate, and mne ſſe for moze water, where J knowe they har 

J alla taking captaine Parker, the Mater, and . Mikes with me went a hoare, ¢ travels 
led to the top of che Tle, whichis wooded, o high gras, but euil water, x litle on it, but pong ſowle 
plenty, x dangerous comming to them. Bp this time J hauing ſet the Alles, x bed lands about in 
fight with a tompaſſe, came a Imal gale, at South ſouc heat, then our Admiral ſbot off a peece for 
the boats ¢ hence be went, x A dyned aboꝛde with him: ¢ came after aboꝛde, and went in Roth 


Cheir arrtuan nogtheaſt and Mortheatt til monning, at which time we were within a league of the Ille, entring 


at B. Bincent. 


befoze S. Vincent, but knew not hom much water was vpon the barre to goe over, 


ame of The 20. dap in the mozning being calme, the Generals pinneſſe came into the ſhoare, with ins 


oytingals 
and Indians. 


tent to found the entrance, but ſeeing 3. Canow wich each at the leoſt 20. men, wherol the greas 
ter part were naked Indians which rowed, the telt Portingals, they returned abonde agatne: the 
Canowes came with a flagge of truce win calling of our ſhip, ę we ſhewed them the like, aſting 
what we weare ¢ of what nation, at length one Porting all went abooꝛde the Admiral, by whom 
the General ſent a letter to the Gouerno crauing a Bylot to hing in our hip of curtefie and to 
haue traffike, About noone hauing the wind at South we bare in Roythweſt, ¢ ſo to the Nonth⸗ 
eatt as the chanel trended:but ciming into 7. om water we ankred, vntil our boats had fofines 
the bare. During which time A wet abooyd ß Admiral to conferre W him about our procedings. 

After J hav ſtayed a while abooy the Anmiral the General tame abooꝛd wirhme, where wer 
publithen vnto all my company very good rules fo their behauloꝛ ¢ profit,to their great ſatiſlac 
tion:after he went Downe into my cabbin, where with al his alliſtants he conferred of diuers par⸗ 
ticulers of out voyage:by which time the boate being returned from ſounding, we departed, & {ct 


ſaile following our Chiffes,and with our ſhips got within the barre into 7. fadome, then being be 


calmed ankred agaiue befoze a landy bay, tuberein andes a Caſtle and houſes: wee rpd within 
mutket thot of it:and ankres about . a clocke aſternoone. 

Shen went J forwards with my ſkille vntill a farther point, founding along: before my re⸗ 
turne, tbe General had ſent for me to ſupper, e thitber I went: but being reddy to fit downe there 


ME anoto twit came out to bs a Canto wherein were 10. Indians and it. chꝛiſtians. tbe one an auntient Genos 


10,30! 
anbdit.chaittie 
ans whereat 
one was an 


the other a Poꝛtingal, who came aboord,¢ there teteiued a ſmal banket, declaring their comming 
was to vnderſtand aur tutents and what we fought, who being ſatiſlied depatted with a farewell 


vd Genouoite. of three great peeces from tach Hip, 


Eben went we to (upper, aud after J got me abooꝛd being weary, but before J went to bedde 
came diuers chplaines vate m of the tuil (peeches ¢ practiles blew by Thune Rushed, wher be 
partly 


— 


Fenton, and 


partly examined before 
tun, A committed him 
carefull watch with che 
Che 21. dap betim 
freth fifly on the Mozt 
clocke after ſeruice, J 
ning: and aſo after din 
After dinner J cont 
them, but concluded t 
Allo in the pꝛeſence 
the Malters mate, waz 
mutten by M. Walke 
About thzee a clock 
a Fleming named P. 
the Gencrall, and wit 
quells a banket was! 
pets, and J in my S 
a mile vp the riuer: at 
and after vs came Ca 
to attende on the Ge 
made our ſe lues merr 
» The 22. dap beti 
ping of ſome token a 
tofend him three pa 
the old Genouops, Ste 
thee pards of fine bla 
tals Skiffe about nit 
Allo this forenoon 
feo them to goe biewt 
found the place both v 
mmation. This dap! 
About two d clock 

at the Towne betaulſ 
fap vntill there had b. 
pet, but ſhoꝛtly woult 
The reſt ok this fo 

for the Edward. Alle 
foule ſpeeches betwe 
leafure J reuealed vt 
Then went we to 
the Generall a tran 
ſes, great pins, and b 
wards Saint Vincent 
turned abozde again 


The 23. dap ours 


athoare to be mender 
them aland, to take o 
the Generall with al 
appointed out the litt 
fo, our coopers to tri 

After the well per 
nerall, M. Parker, 
had fore pꝛiuate con 
reſt of this day in pu 

The 24. day at fo 
whome J ſent my S 
which is married hei 
Iſent wozde to the 


Fenton, and Warde. of the Englifh nation, 666 


— — — — — —ę— 
partly examined before Malter CClalker,che Maſter, and Op. lefſmes, and finding caule of corer: 
ton, I committed him to the bilbowes, vntill further leafure to examine the cauſe: ſo placing a 
carefull watch with charge to haue care of the ſande, we palſed night very wel, God be pꝛayled. 
Che 21. day betimes inthe mopning , J went aland in the Chiffe, and tooke good plentie of 
fret fit) on the Noꝛth ſide: fo we prooucd on the South five and found litle op none, At nine a 
clocke alter ſeruice, A ſent to burp Robert Reſe, one of the Malers mates, which died this moꝛ 
ning: and aſo after dinner died Griffyn who was there buried. 
After Dinner J conferred with the Patter and Pilot about the choyſe of another Pate for 
them, but concluded that father Kyd ſpould be affittane in the watch, but no Maſters mate more. 
Allo in the pꝛeſence of the Paſter . Walker, the Pilot, M. Ieffries, M. Shaw e, and Tobias 
the Paſters mate, was Thomas Ruſſell examined, and his actuſers, which examinations were 


Dftrange mitten by . Walker, and reſt to be further conſidered of hereafter, 
Tiles it ig About thꝛee a clocke after noone, came a Canoa, with the old Genouoys named lofeph Dory, Zahn waits 
pout dan⸗ Fleming named Paul Badeues, and Steuen Repoſe a Pontingale, and bought a letter from suthindopcd 
„ tanne the Gencrall, and withall anf were of fcare and doubtes of vs, cc. After many ſpeeches and re: dweller at 
were in , quetts a banket was made them, and the Generall in his Pinneſſe with bis mufike, and trum — 2 
off ſouth pets, and Jin my okiffe with trumpets, dꝛum and fife, and cabop, and pipe, accompanied them Jolte nettes 
a mile vp the riuer: at going off, faluted them with a volye of chee great pieces out of eche ſhip: — 
th nojth and after vs came Captaine Parker with the Admirals long boat, and certaine (hot in the fame, 
de alcze⸗ to attende on the Generall. So we returned aboꝛde the Edwarde, and then {upped together, and 
made our ſelues merrp, and after (upper they departed. 
we went Che 22. dap betimes in the moꝛning, J went abooꝛd the Admirall to conferre abo it the {ens 
ont goon bing of ſome token and prefent tothe Gouernour, which was by all the Aſliſtants determined 
and hom to ſend him thꝛee pards of fine harlet, and thꝛee pards of fine murrie cloth and to Ioſeph Dory 
tr there, bſbeold Genouops, Steuen Repoſe the Poptingale,¢ to Paul Badeues the Fleming eche of them 
they had thꝛee pards of fine blacke cloth, which our marchants went vp to Santos withall, in the Aomi: Hantos, 
tals Dhiffe about nine a clocke afozenoone. 
e tranti⸗ , Allo this foenoone we being minded to goe vp bigher with our thippes into harboꝛ, J adui⸗ 
ng fowle ſed them to goe view the place, and found the road befoze we went vp, which we did, where were 
s about in found the place both vnconuenient, and the road woplc,and ſo we returned and left the firſt deter⸗ 
| peece fo; mination, This dap we tooke downe our maine tops, and top maſte, and all the Mowns. 
in Nonth About wok clocke afternoone our marchants returned with their pꝛeſents, not bauing bene 


> entring at the Towne betauſe Steuen Repoſe by the way met them on the River , and aduiſed them to 
ſtay vntill there had bene woꝛde ſent to the Gouernour, who was vnwilling to ſpeake with them 
pet, but ſhoꝛtly would fend their anſwere. 
The reſt of this foxenoone, wee ſpent in communication about the appointing of a Purſer, 
fop the Edward. Allo we ſigned an aſſent for comming to this place: about which thing grewe 
foule ſpeeches betweene the General, and his Lieutenant after the olde cuſtome. Alter being at 
leaſure J reuealed vnto him Ruſſels offences, 
Then went we to lupper, and being at ſupper, certaine Indians came aboꝛde, and bꝛought The Indians 
the Generall attrange Crowe, and Potatos, and Sugar canes,to wbon he gaue looking glal. ente. 


ad ſoſided les, great pins, and bil ket, and fo we departed being late. Alſo this afternoone J ranne ouer tos 
ocedings. wards Saint Vincent, and founded the Bay a league ouer, and found the chanell and flats andre: The chanell of 
here wee turned aboꝛde againe within two houres, hauing a good gale of winde. — 
t fatifface The 23. day our Skilfe went a hoare to lich, and tooke pꝛettie More: we ſent our mapne top 
uers pars athoare to be mended, and many of our men to walh their clothes: alſo J went my ſelfe with 
ted, tt {ct them aland, to take oꝛder, that no man ſhould any wapes offend the Indians. In the meane time 
being bes the Generall with all the ret of the chiefeſt Gentlemen, came a ſpoare, and viewed the place, and 
d within appointed out the fitteſt roome, to {et bp our ſmithes foꝛge, and ouens to bake our biſket, ¢ place 
fo our coopers to trim our water cafke. 
e myre⸗ After the well perufing of the place, and ſome familiar conference with the Indians, the Ges 
one there nerall, M. Parker, M. Walker and J came aboꝛde, and dyned in the Edward: after dinner wee 
nt Genoa had ſome pꝛiuate conference, and about one a clocke they went aboꝛde the Gallion: J {pent the 
omming telt of this day in putting many things in onder, 
farewell The 24. day at foure a clocke before dap, we heard one tall for a boate on the Month ſhoare, to 
whome J ent my Skilffe, who hought aboꝛde one named ohn Whitehall an Engliſh man, Jobn wopites 
to bende ubich is married here in this place, and with him two of bis Indians: whom J interteined vntil 5. 
which A Iſent woꝛde to the Generall co prepare himſelle to receiue him, in which time he and J talked of 
partly : Doo 3 8 manp 


— — On YY eer err — se 
667 The voyages and difcoueries Fenton,andWarde, 
i nS 


manp ſeuerall particulers. * 

About Are a cloche J conueped bim aboꝛde the Admirall: there be vifcoured vnto bs, what 

Good counteN had bene done at the Towne, as foyrification , and fending theit wives away, gt. aduie 
sateen tng bs to receiue no moze delayts, but to come vp ppelentip befoze the Cowne with dur 
giuem to our ppes. 
* About ten aclocke came a canda, and bought downe Iofeph Dory , and Steuen Repoſe, 
who tolde vs that on Satcurdap the Gouernour wouldmecte our General, and talke with 
paying vs in the meane time to vſe our opdinarie bufines of cooperage, carpenters worke , 

g water, ficbing, and wathing,¢c, but not to fet vp forge,noz oucn, vntill ipetch had with our 
Goucrnour, After this anfwere we dyned together abopde the Gallion: After dinner we left the 
Meſlengers ſitting in the cabin, and went vpon the poop, where the Hencrall demaunded the 
aduife of bis affidants, whether it were not belt te Map tbeſe men while we had them oz not, op 
whether it were beſt to goe vy with our ſhips to the Towne oz no. 

TAbcreunto ech man pauſed to make anfwere: wherefore A delluered my opinion which was, 
that we wert lozbidden to vic violence to any nation fo} trade. 
Che non Secondlp, J conſidered that diuers of our nation wophipfull marchants, and nowe aduentu⸗ 
kame ur Wall ers in this voyage, had let out ebe Minion hither, and begun a trade, which with our forcible 
foytrattthe, dealing might be ſpopled, and our nation bꝛought in hatred. 

Lafttp,chat with force we were not like to attaine to fo much tommoditie, as we were m poh 
ubilitie to haue with courte ie. 

Vereupon all was concluded, and they ſuſfered to paſſe away: to whome the Oenerall gaue 
the thꝛee cloke clothes, to Ioſeph Doty, to Paul Baudeueſe, and to Steuen Repoſe, to ech of them 
one, which were before cut out fo them: and fo friendly we and they Departed about twoa clorke 
afternoone: which done, J went abozve, and prepared ſcg the enter tainement of certaine of the 
Gallions men, which determined to {up with me. ä . 

EweeSpas About foure a clocke this afternoone we ſawe thee ſayle of (hips come bearing in about the 
. a dil point, which aſſdone as they ſawe bs, ankred vpon the barre, and put themlelues in readinte, 
fending from one Hip to another with their boats, and blowing off their oꝛdinante, meaning ta 
take bss and we befoze night, getting our men and other neceflarics from the ſwoare which were 
bulie aland, armed our hipsto defend our ſelues. Then went J abo p Admiral to know what 
he meant to doe: who determined to fee his watch in warlike fore , and fo hee did, for after the 
trumpets and dꝛumme had ſounded he thot offa great piece, as they before had done: And pres 
ſently the Uiceadmirall thot at me, whome J anfwered with another, and fo teaſed. Tie then ſet 
vp our marne top, and top mate rigged before 11.clocke the fame nigbt: In the meane while 
they let flip their ankers and cables, and came dꝛiuing and towing with their boats in vpon vs 
meaning to haue boarded vs: and being neere our Admirall he balled them, who refuled to tell 
of whence they were, thinking by (pending of time to get aboꝛde of him, to whome A called Mill 
ahs tata tee to beware, and to ſboote at them in time. At length be let fice at them, pet was glad to let an ane 
twirt the En⸗ ker and cable ſlip to auoyde them: then came they all dꝛiuing downe thwart my hawſe, ſo that J 
0 4 was faine to let ſlip an anker and cable to ſhun the Gallion: all this while the oꝛdinance ¢ {mall 
S.Bincent, ſhot plyed of all parts, and I was faine to fend the Gallion my Skiffe with a hawſer to tide by, 
ſoʒ fhe was looſe, and with the flood dꝛaue vp within me. Then was the Uiceadmirall on my 
Hoad fide who was well papde befoze, yet J left not gawling of him, till J thought our pouder 
{pent in vaine to ſhoote at bim, he was fo toꝛne and bꝛoken Downe by vs. About foure a clocke it 
rapned fo faſt, that we could (cant diſcerne one the other the Poone being gone downe yet tyd 
the Admirall, and the Reareadmirall, but a little ahead of vs: during which time we pauſed, and 
made ready all our munition. 
Che Opar Che 25. day, by day light, we ſawe che Uiceadmiral ſunke hard by vs, fo that his pards which 
— 41 were hoyled acroſſe, and his tops, and that ouer head was aboue water: moſt of their men were 
Engliſh. gotten away in their boats, ſauing about fourtie perſons which hung in the ſhowds, and tops, 
whom J aduiſed our Genetall to fend for away, and had made ready, and well manned our Pin⸗ 
neſſes:but being vpon the wap going, the General called them backe and would not ſuffer them 
to goe: there were thꝛee of theit boats alfo going for them from their ſhippes, at whome J thot, 
and made them to retyze and leaue them vpon the frowns, At length our Generall ſent fo, two 
71 of the men awap, which his Binneſſe . to him, the one was heaued ouer boꝛde betauſe he 
neva, that was fore hurt not like to liue, and he was à Marſillian, the other was a Greeke bozne in Zan 
600er and ubde te, boatſwaine of the Aiceadmirall: the reſt of the men, fome fwamme away vpon rafts, ſumt 
5 2 Ae were dꝛowned, and ſome remained Kill hanging on her. By this time it was fapre day ligt 


end J called to our Ge 


enton, and 


fir and anker on their 
went downe, ¢ ankred 
wards, There ryd J al 
Admirals anker would 
mitall came, the had her 
At length our admit 
gan to and out into the 
to get out of ſbot . but co 
vp ber ankers end 
thee, and ſometime the 
noone, Che rell of this 
out ordinance and fur: 


with vs. 

Che 26. day in the 
ner: wee manned our 
let llipye the night befo 
ſo wee loft that anker. 
wen ynches, and wee had 


nothing wozth. 
Alter dinner J wen 
to Dea, and thither J. 
m named peter, which 
Spaniards caliuer flaſ 
bought bim abode to 
dead men on lande and! 
there were certaine S 
nerall, Captaine Hawk 
and harmes of my thipy 
bis hurtes, who had but 
The 27. day wee fet 
The 28. day in the 
day we ſtoode to the No 
leagues to lee warde of. 
The 29. day in the: 
ſter Walker, Maſter Sh: 
whome J ſhewed, that 
fter Pilot, and Maſters 
them, and to meete then 
afwell fo falling into t 
the reſt aduiſed mee to ft 
ſpent conſumed victual 
to get in with calmes ar 
Thus we concluded 
dur hands, and from ber 
Both abooꝛd the Admira 
The zo. dap our Ca 
what bzuſed, andtozne r 
The 3 1. dap the like 
The firlt day of Feb 
went the fame courſe tt 
The 5. day about 10 
and ſicke of che bloody 
bim ouer boozd, and ſho 
From the 6. dav tot 
The 12. dap hauing 
peaſe boyled, withthꝛee 
of the fame. 


F enton, and Warde. of the Engliſh nation. 


668 
05 end J called co our Gencrall to wape, and dylue Dotwne to them, who required meg to goe 
beg fir and anker on their quarter, and hee would follo me, and anker on their bowe s. J war ed, and 
aduie went downe, ¢ ankred by them, yet not ſo nere as I meant, fop the ebbe put me off to the J2opthe 
tb our wards, There ryd J alone (pending thot at them, and they both at met foure bourcs, before our 
Admirals anker would come vp, during which time J had ſome ſpoyle done, but when our Ave 
fe, mitall came, he had her part, and eaſed me verp well. 
* At length our Admiral began to warpe away, and being tome without mee ſet ſaple, and bes 
e, gan to Band out into the Sea: I went abonde ol him to knowe bis pleaſure, who determined 
our to get out of ſbot. but could not becaule the winde (canted on them: the Coward befope fhe could 
tthe bp ber ankers endured manp moge (hot, aſter the Gallion was further off a good way then 
ped the ce, and ſometime che Gallion had two op three: thus we ended about two a clocke afters 
ot, op noone, Che rell of this day and part of che night we ſpent in mending, fitting, and putting 
out aga and furniture in opder for the next mopning, thinking they woulde haue bene 
b wes, with vs. 
1 Che 26. day in the moꝛning wee could not {ee them, betauſe they were gone vp the Rie 
uentu⸗ ner: wee manned our boats, and Pinneſſes, and wayed two ankers, and one cable that they 
ncible let llippe the night beſoꝛe: as our men were waping the chirde anker, the booprope brake, and 
fo wee loft that anker. Dur Admirall had an anker of twelue hundzeth, and a good cable of cles 
n pol pa ater wee had an anker about fire bundzeth, with a piece of a baile cable, and boopropt 
nothing 100} 
gaue Alter dinner J went abonde the Admiral, to conferre with bim, who determined to goe off 
them to Sea, and thither J carried Senior Pinto, to interpꝛtte the Indian language, with an Indi⸗ 
locke mn named Peter, which flende from the Bay where wee ryd in a canoa, and bought with him a 
ol the Spaniards caltuer, flaſke, and touchboxe, to coe with vs, whome our Admirals boate met, and 
hought bim abozde to the Admiral. Pee tolde vs that the Spaniards had broughe many 
ut the dend men on lande and buryed them, and alſo landed many hurt men in their Bap, and that 
dines, there were certaine Spaniards gone ouer thoꝛowe the woods to looke aſter vs. Then the Gee 
ing ta nerall, Captaine Hawkins, and Malter Maddox came abonde of mee to viewe my burt men, 
were and harmes of my ſhippes, both men, hippe, and tackle, and J allo went aboꝛde him to peruſe 
what bis hurtes, who had but one man a ſayler flaine, f 
ter the The 27. day wee fee ſaple, and ron Mouth by eaſt, and fometime orth by eat, 
ID pres The 28. day in the moꝛning dye Lancelot Afhe of a hurt, who departed very godly. Chis 
yen fee dap we ſioode to the Noꝛthwards, and in getting in ourankers and Chiffe, wee were put three 
while b leagues to lecwarde of Fiddle Ile, but the Gallion ryd till, 
on vs The 29. day in the moꝛning, ſeeing my ſelle put to lea from the Admiral, J alſembled Pa⸗ 
to tell ter Walker, Maſter Shawe, Patter Ieffties, the after, the Malters mate, and the Pilote, to pere the Gas 
d Mill whome J (hetned, that J was delirous to goe backe to ſeeke our Admirall, whereunto the mar „ 
an ate fier Pilot, and Watters mate anſwered directly, that we could not fetch the Tle where wee Left nauenrure 
that J N them, and to meete them in going backe it was very vnlikely and to vs dangerous many wapes, ais 
‘final afwell fop falling into the laps of the Spantards, as to bee put on a lee ſhoare: MAhereupon all afcerward. 
de by, the reſt aduiſed mee to ſtand off into Sea, whereunto J allented, remembping withall, that time 
on my ſpent conſumed victuall, and bowe long we had beaten vp and downe in the fame Bay before, 
ouder f to get in with calmes and contrary windes. 
icke it Thus we concluded that Maſter Talker ould fet downe each mans opinion, and we fet to 
et tyd dur hands, and from hencelozth he to keepe a Regiſter of all our pꝛoceeding, as Paſter Maddox 
d, and Both abooꝛd the Admiral. 
The 30. day our Carpenters wrought in repairing the fives of our thip, which were fomes 
which what byufed,andeomne with tho, 
tre Che z 1. dap the like was done, and we went Caſt ſoutbeaſt. ; 
tops, The lirſt day of Febnuary, we went Eaſt by ſouth, and Catt ſourheaſt with a ſtout gale: and Fedꝛnurte. 
Pin went the fame courſe the 3. 4. and 3. dapes following. enn 
them The 5. dap about 10. a clocke in the foxenoone Mater Malker vyed, who had bene weake pacher dir 
Ichot, and ficke of the bloody flix . dayes, wee tooke a vie of his things. and pꝛiled them, and heaued 
two him ouer booꝛd, and ſhot a piece for his knell. 
ufe be From the 6. dap to the 11. day we went Joptheatk and Noꝛth noptbeatk, 
Zan- Che 12. day hauing conſidered the lacke of water, the company were contented to haue the 
Poy nh . iacks ol kreſhe water, and two iacks of {alte water, log the prolonging 
ol the lame, 


The 


Wavtation of 
the commpaſſe. 


S. TD piks 
dyeth. 


Marth. 


Freaſon of the treacherie, betau 


Indians. 


66 9 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries Fenton, and M arde. 


The 13. dap we went Month with a ſweete gale, 

The 14. dap J called into my cabbinthe two marchants, the Malter and the Pilot ſhewing 
them our wants of victuals and other neteſſaries, whereupon they and J concluded, that it was 
beſt fop vs to returne to our Countrep, with as little loſſe of time and expenſe of virtuals ag 
might be, being without hope of reliefe bpon this coat, and pet to keepe the coaſt of Bpalill to 
kriende fo feare of extremitie. 

The 15. and 16. dayes we went our courfe JRortheatk, 

The 17. dap in the moꝛning hauing much raine, we ſaued aboue two tunne ol water, ok which 
we were very glad. 

The 18. day Jobſerued the variation of the tompaſſe, which varied one point, and a halle to 
the Southwards, by our opdinarte compaſſe of London. 

From the 19. day to the 27. we went our courſe Montheaſt, and Moꝛth, as the winde ſerued. 

The 27. dap, J allowed a certaine portion of wine to our men, to wit, halfe a canne of wine tu 
euerp fire men euery night at eight of the clocke, at the ſetting of the watche, to ſtrengihen 
their weakeneſſe. : 

The 28. day M. William Wylks hauing bene fick of the flixe a moneth before, grewe impati⸗ 
ent and outragious in his diſeaſe, but by paper and good perſwaſions we recouered him to his 
1 good and quiet minde, and at night after nine a clocke he meekely departed the ſeruant 
0 od. 

The 1. of March wee heaued him ouer boꝛde, and gaue him a piece, 

The 2, dap the Maſter, Pilot, and J, agreed to fetch the Jle ol Fernando Lorona. 

From the 3. day to the 10. dap we went Melt, and by South, and ran in for the ſhoare. 

Che 10. day we ſawe the land, which was ſandy hilles with woods on it. 

Che 11. dap ſeeking to goe a ſboare, we ſawe foure men, which weaued to bs with a white 
ſhirte, and we weaued to them with a flag of truce: At length one of them lwamme to our boat 
ſide, and there lap in the fea talking with vs, al moſt an houre: in the ende, being partly perſwa⸗ 
ded by Pinto, who talked with them in the Indian tongue, and partly entiſed with luch trifics 
ag Iſhewed him he came into our Okiffe, and called to his companions on ſhoare, who came a: 
boꝛde lwimming: we deliuered them certaine barricos to fetch vs them full of freth water: after, 
there tame downe 40. Indians, bopes, women, and men, and with them a French bop, but the 
foyer Indians deceiued vs of our barrecos. IAhereupon Pinto and Ruſſell ſwamme a ſhoare 
to ſeeke water, but found none. 

The fame day we layled to a place wbere boats might land, and J went a land in my Skiffe, 
and found the Indians, and Frenchman which were with me the day before, and they bꝛought 
our thee barricos ful of freth water:foʒ which J retwarded them with ſome trillles. In p meane 
time our boate went a ſhoare, and our men with ſome of che Indians bꝛought vs twentie barri⸗ 
cos moze of freſb water, and J mp felfe went to ſboare and brought 23. hennes of India. 

The 12. day betimes in the mozuing, we manned our boate and Skitle, ¢ tooke fome trifling 
things to ſhoare, and barricos: at our firſt arriuall the rude Indians flocked together, wading 
to the Skiffe wherein J was, begging, and wondꝛing about vs: Firſt J cauled them to fetch 

27. barricos of water, whom Jrewarded with {mall belles, c. In che meane time they bought 
bens to me, wading to the Skiffe, for J kept my ſelfe alwapes a float, and fop eheis hens J gaue 
them a knife, and a finall looking glaſſe. All this while M. Blackcoller our Pilot, Thomas Ruſ- 
ſell, M e e em were ſtill on ſhoare, and mould not tarry abozd: In the ende, fearing ſome 
e all the Indians were flipped on ſhoare from me, J called our men away, and 


ſuddenly they laide hands on our men a ſhoare, æ with their bowes ſhot thicke at vs in the boats, 
and waded into the water to vn, laying bands en dur Dkiffe , yet God ok his mercy deliucred 
vs from their hands, with the loffe of tue men ſlaine, and others hurt. 

Thus we got aboyde with fourtie ens, Ducks, Turkies, and Parrats, and three hogſheads 
er nnugr of water: and J carried a Frenchman abonde with me, named laques Humfrey, whe was bp 
man faned, 


chance in the boate with me when this fray began. 

The 13. day we {ct ſayle, and went Moztheaſt. 

Che 1 4. dap, the Malter thaped our courſe Nozth noztheat, to recouer the coaſt of Guyny, 
then the next ſhoare to vs. N 

The 13. day we went the fame courſe. 

Che 16. dap it rained, and we ſaued a butte of water 

Che 17. day we tooke thee ſharks in the mopning. 
From that dap to the firſt of Appl, we went our courſe, ſometime with raine, and asa 


! 


hight but Fozth, and J 


Fenton, and W 


with variable winds, an 
which houered about rh 


mie thirkte in the fea, 


Cape verde. 
From this day till t 
nuit arcomimꝑ tothe wi 


night befope 
theroome,lept ouerboo; 
went betwixt the JRopel 
Che 12 dap wee ſpyn 
tetop ſayle vpon him 
Ftom hence to the 2 
tlatton of the compalle: 
f poynt to the IUeſtwa 
From this day to th 
winde ꝛ this 25 day wat 
Che 26 day it was in 
gale at att ſoutheaſt a 
a night betweene the J 
The 28 dap about 10 
det and ſylit our ſayle v 
tackle, wichont the hurt 
mit, vuho were fapne te 
fon barreg, ec. So we 
the Noꝛthealt, and che Ji 
Che 29. dap, our cary 
oieh noztheaſt, leſſe v 
The zo dap wich gr. 
teurſe which was ment 
fre safter we went all 


weather. 
The lirſt day of ay 
the winde blewe a ſtiffe 


Che 2. day it contin 
fhooke off our bonnets: 
Eat Houcheaſt, and th 

The 3, day wee cont 
. 
CTbe. q. dayit was le 
put abꝛoade all our othe 
large, and a good gale 
The 5. day being W. 
winde but large, with 

The 6, vap it was fo 
North all dap and nigb 

Che 7 day and night 

Che 8. dap and nigh 
day was koggie, and fo 
Southwett. 

Che 9. day it rapned 
night with which wee 
Roptheal with which 
RNortheaft. 

The 10. da itrainer 
Cal Doutheatk tarboo 


ſpꝛitſayle parde, and wit 
and nighe following E 


ee Fenton,andWarde, of the Engliſh nation. 


with variable winds, and fo til the 4. of Apꝛil, mbich day mee ſam foure byꝛda with tong tales, 


wing nich honered about rhe (hip, and in the afternoone we ſam and toske vp many werdes which 
was 9 in the fea, tabich wee iudged to bes dꝛiuen with the Cat windes from the pies of 
ils e verde. 4 25 5 5 
ill . iene this bap till che 11, Dap wee went our courte fametime Moptheat, ſometime Noꝛth⸗ 
nit arcoming tothe winds: bpon this 1 r. bay George Core ons of our carpenters, hauing the 
sight beloze bꝛoken vp the hold, and ſtolen mine, and dunken bimielfe dzunke, being taken in 
which theroome, lept ouerboopd out of the beake heade,and fo dꝛowned himbelfesthis day and night we au deſperate 
Vvenc betwixt the North by lest, end the Nuꝛth with much winde. * 
(fe to be rz day wie ed our ſoꝛemaſt to bee periſhen in the botwnes, and vtitt not beare our 
fecop faple vnon him but went hence with aur ſayles next hand, Moth all day, and night. 
ued. From hence to the 20. dap wee went Nopthealt, and by Nozth. Chis dap I abſerued the var 
ine tu datron uf the compatle’s aud I noted that the fouth poynt of the compalie carted mapethen balfe erumpalt. 
gihen f poynt to the Meſtwardes. 
a 5 Ftom this day ta the 25. wee went our courſt Moreh noftheaſt, with a rea ſonable gale of 
apatis winde ꝛ this 25 dap was litle winde ſrirring. 114116 : 
10 big Che 26 dap it was in a maner calme,titt ſeuen a clock at night, then it began to blowe a good 
ruant galeat Eaſt foucheat all night, with which wee went Nontheaſt, and Moptheatt bp call, and 


u night berweene the JRoptheak,and the Morheak by eaſt. 
The 28 dap about 10 a clocke in the foꝛenoone, our mayne parte hake in ſunder in the mide 


delt and ſplit our ſayle with being put to great ſtreſſe, which wee got in and all che ſaple, and 
tackle, wichont the hurt of any man God be thanked, After dinner ous Carpenters wrought vp⸗ 
init, who were fayne to take our do met, and anker ſtocke, the beats maſts, pinnos thats, cape 


white Gon barres, ec. So we went all day ¢ night following wich out fopelaple, aud miſſeu betweene 
boats the Ropehealk,and the Noꝛtheaſt by ealt, with a ſtoute gale. 
rſwa⸗ Che 29. day, our carpenter mouggt all dap, me went with eur kogeſaylt, and miller next hand 
trifles Noꝛth noztheaſt, leſſe winde then before; and rayne. ; 
me as The zo dap wich great labour in the rayne, about 6, aclocke afternoone, wee ſet aur mayne 
after, tourſe which was mended, and other of our ſayles hauing made (mall wap, 02 none che dap bes 
+ the fre safter we went all night betweene the Nozth noptheatt, anv che Noꝛzthealt thicke and mope 
ate weather. i 
Che lit dap of Way, it was a great fogge calme, and thickt imyſte till 4, aſteruaone, chen Man. 

pkiffe, the winde blewe aftiffe gale at Catt, and till ſcanted to the Roꝛthwards, that we could lye all 
ought hight but Nozth, and Mozth by weak, wich much winde and fogge. 
neane Che 2. Vap it continued verp foggie, and much winde, fo chat at 9. aclocke afternoone wee 
barri⸗ fyooke off our bonnets: at 12. at udone wee calt about, and went larbooꝛde tacked betwene the 
Ae e Doutheatt,anv the Southeat all day, and night, 
rifling The z. day wee continued in the moꝛning our courſe with much winde, and went betweene 
ading the Cat Mozcheaſt, and che Catt all dap, and night. 
o fetch Cbe. . dapit was leſſe winde, le that betimes in the moꝛning, wee laced on our bonnets, and 
ought put abꝛoade all our other ſaples, and went Calk Moptheat till 8.at night, then hauing the winde 
jl gaue lurge, and a good gale we went all nicht our courſe Eaſt by Roth, = 
is Rufe Tbe 5. dap being Sunday wee had a tout gale till 3. a clocke afternoone, then it was icile 
ſome winde but large, with which we went our courſe all dap, and night Catt by Ford. 
p, and Che 6. Lap it was foggie, and bleme a ſliffe wale, wih which wee went our courſe Cal by 
boats, = - FROnth,all vay and nigbt. 
iuered Che 7. day and night we went our courſe Eat by Worth, with a ſtoute gale. 

Che 8. day and night, wee went our courle Eaſt by Mozth with a kranke gale, but all the 
fheads day was foggie, and ſometime raine, the winde ſpifting betweene Southwell, and the ick 


bas by Houthweſt. 

Che 9. dap it rapned till noone, and blctsv a Hout gale, at Meſt ſouth weft till 12 à clocke at 
. night with Which wee went our courſe Cat by Month, then it ſbifted to the Caſt, and Eat 
zuyny, 8 —— with which wee went the re of che night, betweene the Mozth, and the Roꝛth 


The 10. day it rained, and blewe much aforenoone: about 9. a clocke we cat about, and went 
Eaſt Doucheakt larboo)d tacked, at 12. at noone with bearing ouer much layle, wee brake our 
ſpꝛitlaple parde, and with much paine ſaued the peeces, and the tome ſayle: fo wee went all day 


257 audnight following Cal Moftheaſt, and lometime Catt by n an meint Ern wid 
r 


671 The voyages and diſcoueries Fenton, and IV ardei Fenton, and l. 


out fopecoarſe, and the mayne coarfe, and bonnet. N a being within two league 
Che 11. day it was lefle winde and dꝛy weather till naone: then it blewe a good gale, d ia we could not dubble the v 
the night very much winde, aud colde weather: all this day wee made ſhyft, and made another perp laſte, for the ebbe fet 
ſpꝛitſayle parde of our Top gallanc matte our Myſlen tapmaſt, our mapne Flagſtafle, oars, gc. wardes, for the {pace of ot 
and went our courſe Cet by Noꝛth, all dap and nige. . ward: at twelue at noon 
Che 12. being ſunday, it was hapʒie afotenoone and murb winde, ſo that baumg out our ß ⸗ South ſouthweſt one wa 
ſayles, and fpritfaples, wee tooke them in at noone, and went all day and night our courte Eat afopenoone. 
dy JRorth with aſtoute gale. dane jodie Grou! Cbe 27 dap, bauing b 
The +>. dap in the mopning it wa? ſomewbat leſſe winde and we tooke off, and mended our beloze deceiued, and wen 
fopebonnet, which was toꝛne the night beloze, aud at noone brought it to the parde againe, and tlearkes tothe Souchw 
after dinner put out our topſayles, being litle winde and rapne, ſa wont all dap, and night our At 7. aclocke afozenc 
tourſe Caſt by Nozth with a mall gale. ; 05 of vs, and is 7. leagues o 

The 14. dap we went our courſe Call by orth, till i 2. at midnight with a pretty gale then Abaut 9. a clocke, we 
was it ſtarke calme. ; boats aboozd vs, of who 

Che 15. day it was talme till g. aclocke afopenoone, then it blewe a ſmal gale, at Catt ſouth aur men though it were lb 
eaſt, with which we went Moꝛtheaſt till noone, then came vp the winde, at South ſouthcaſt, and But hearing newes o 
at midnight blewe fo much, that wee meaning co haue fhaken of our bonnets, tooke in all our we gaue God thankes, ar 
ſaples, and ſeeing the winde Rill increaſed, we lap to hull from midnight till 6. next moꝛning hae Meſt, and Wiek by So 
uing gone before Eaſt noꝛtheaſt, and Catt by Nozth, and Eaſt amongſt: this afternoone we lam Noth by TCleſt, and the 
afaple but ſpake not with them: 8 wie being little winde. 

The 16 at 6, afopenoone we ſet faple with much winde at South ſouthweſt, and went Ea ; The 28, wee had brow 
our courle,witha toarſe and bonnet of each, all dap and night with very much winde. hoyſſed out our (kiffe atd 

The 17. day about 8, at night wee founded, and had no ground, in 160 fathome, ſo wee kept noone wee had brought i 
our courſe on Catt till 1 2 at midnigbt, then the winde began to (cant, ſo we went betweene the Noꝛth of ba, palling by. 
Cak noꝛthealt, and the Catt by Moꝛth, all the reſt of the night, “3 vn 2, leagues of. 

The 18. day at 8 at night we founded againe, but had no ground, ſo we went all day e night, Cb)hen we bad ſigbt of 
betweene the Montheaſt, and the Nozth by Eat with a ſkant winde. N kalt, with little winde all 
The 19. being Sunday at 6. aforenoone, the wind came to the Soutbeaſt, fo we went Cak This night about 2.6 
Noꝛtheaſt til 8. at night, then it was flat calme, and all night litle winde at Moth, with which ton of the Skuruie. 
wee went next hand Eaſt ſouthealt fapre weather. N Che 29. dapat 6. afoꝛ 

The 20. dap it was little wind all the ſozenoone at Moth, then it changed to the Mozth nopthe aleague of it, and went 

caſt, and blewe but little: ſo we were all day, and night betweene the Galt by South, and the that at eleuen of clocke w 
Southeaſt with a ſmall gale fapꝛe weather. ˖ ſhip came aground betw 

The 21. day was fapre weather and litle winde betweene the Eaſt and the Noztheaſt with that it was halfe fludde. 
which we went all day and night betweene the Southeaſt by South, and the South by Caf til Nn this meane time J 
ſhilting: this day wee ſaw a Turtle pone, a tuall, and neceſſaries fo; 

The 22, day it was a pꝛettie gale, and faye weather: wee went all day till 8. at night Caſt Che Paioz, M. Bro 
ſouthealt, then the winde being ſomewhat larger, wee went all night Eat. teme, and dyned with u 

Che 23. day wee went Cal by Moreh till 8. at night, chen hauing founding in 66, fathome in the ple being South b 
fine ſande, we ſhaped our tourſe Moztheaſt, but would not lye ſo nere, but as we might, went Mebbe burted in the C 
all night betweene the Noꝛtheaſt by Eat, and the Eaſt noztheaſt. Peadkler Bronckheznes, 

The 24. day we went Eaſt noztheaſt, x Catt by Moreh, till 7. at afternoone, then we fotonved bouſe. N 
and had 65. lathome gray ſand, hauing ſapled by many weedes, & burton beds all day befoze: al ⸗ CTbe zo. dap about 9. a 
ter we went all night as the day before Cat noztheaſt, and Eaſt by Moꝛth with litle winde. and Milliam Towzeſon 

The 25. dap we went betweene the Catt noꝛtheaſt, and the Noꝛtheaſt with! (mall gale till . me tions wich divers gentler 
aclock afternoone : then had we fight of land, which role raggedto the Nozthwards like bꝛoken Betimes this mozning 
land, we being about 5. leagues off: that Ille, bare Moztheaſt by Month of vs, and the Noꝛther⸗ patched many buſineſſes 
molt part bare Moth by Eaſt of vs, with a rock a {ea boop: we then founded, x had 5 5 fathome things were done: a gre 
grep ſande, and maze great ſtoze in it: fo we ſtood in Moztheaſt till 8. a clocke, and then beheld it We aſboare. 
againe being win 4. leagues of it, bearing as beloze, but we could not make it,fop ſome thought . The 31. A mougbt a 
it to be the foreland of Fontenay, ſome iudged it the Ille of Vſſant: the. wee ſownded againe, in ning pittie of fome poore 
55. kathome bꝛowne ſand, and little maze in it: at 8, a clocke at night we went about, and ſtoade med Purſer, wbich rid in 
of South ſouthweſt one watche, then the winde ſhzinked to the Southwelt, that we could lye n ſmall hip, which they h 
but South ſouthweſt 6, glaſles, ſo that at 3.a clock we caſt about, and lay Mozthweſt 6. glaſſes, e rtbeirs aboond of mee: 
and Nozth noꝛthmeſt a watche being then d. a clocke the next day. winnwarns of hum, then b 

The 26. day we lap as nigh as we could betweene the Moreh and the Noꝛth nontheaſt, and i our canlogt would not co 
fae the fame land againe, and made it to be the foꝛelande of Fontenay, and the ragges to bee turned into our old roade 
the Beames, which bare nowe Cait Moztheaſt ol vs: and wee ſoode on till 10. a e Pplbjooke men againe : 


— 


2 Fenton, and Ill de. ol the Englifh nation. 


: being within two leagues of the rockes and leſle, we calf about and oove of fouthwekt,becaule 
and ty we could not Dubble the vttermoſt rockes: when we were about wee dzaue to the Southwardes 
nother very lalte, fox the ebbe ſet vs IUeſt ſouthweſt, and being {pring tydes, it hozled vs a pace to lees 
8 gt. pardes, for the (pace of on houreꝛthen with the flood which was come, we aue agaiue to winds 

f wards: at twelue at noone it was calme till 6, afternoone, then we ſtoode about larbood tacked, 
muß ß Mouth ſouthweſt one watche, then at midnigbt wee cat about and food ouer Nopthe till foure 
Eat afopenoone. 75 . 
CTbe 27 dap, hauing bꝛought che lande Cat ſoutheaſt of vs, wee made it to be Syllpe being ape pie ot 
d our before deteiued, and went hence ak by noꝛth to vubble Grymſbie, leauing the Biſhop, and his plur. 
e, ann tlearkes to the Southweſtwards, which wee before tooke to be the Seames. 
t our at 7. a clocke afopenoone wee ſawe the landes ende of England, which bare alk by Month 
or bs, and is 7. leagues of from Syllpe. 
e then Abaut 9. a clocke, we ſhewing our flags, and enfigne, and ſhoting ofapeece, there came two 
ö boats aboogd vs, of whome we hought lich, and lome other trifling freſh victuals, with refreſhed 
ſouth⸗ our men though it were but little. 
t, and But hearing newes of them ok the health of aur Queenes maieſtie, and our country in peace, 
l our we gaue God thankes, and ſtoode hence Catt by South hauing bꝛought the Iſland of Splipe, 
ng bae Melt, and Wek by South 3. leagues off vs. At eight at nigbt wee had bꝛought the lands ende 
pe fate North by Tretk,and the Lyllard bare Cat of vs 6. leagues, ſo wee ſtoode along all night Caf, 
a being little winde. 
t En Che 28, wee had bꝛought the Lyzzarde Iielt Mozthweſt of vs, a league and a halle of, wee Che Eptard, 
hoyſſed out our ſkiffe at 8. in the mogning, and went along Moꝛtheaſt by Eaſt: at 12 aclocke at 
e hepe noone wee had bought Welfozde, and the Manacles rockes which lye two miles of the mayne 
ne the ig of vo, patling by Falmouth: at 2, aclocke afternoone, wee bought Dudman Mozth of 

0 bs 2, leagues ol. 

night, Chen we had fight of Ramme head, and ſtoode on Noptheatt bp eaſt, and lometime Mozth⸗ 
kult, with little winde all day and night following. 

t Ca This night about 2. a clocke after Pidnight oped Robert Mebbe, and Walter Bkeuing⸗ 

which ton of the Skuruie. f 

N Che 29. dap at 6,afopenoone wee had bꝛought the Rambead Moth of vs, and weare within 
noꝛth⸗ aleague of it, and went in Mogtheaſt next hande, being thicke and foggie, and little winde: fo 
ind the that at eleuen of clocke wee got in within the Illand, and their by miſtaking of a ſownding, our nee came to 

i hip came aground betweene the ple, and the mapne, and there late till 4. a clocke afternoone Pipmmoutz 
with that it was halfe fludde. f l 
alt til Nn this meane time J ſent M. Blaccoller, and Johnſon a ſhoze to pꝛouide men and freſh vice 
tuall, and neceſſaries fo our prefent neede. a 
t Cal Che Maioz, M. Bronkoyne, P. Martyn, and many other of the towne, came aboope to vis 
teme, and dyned with mee about 5. a clocke the hip being mozed in . fadom water, the caſtle 
home in the ple being South by Eaſt of vs, J went a lande and lawe P. Okeuington, and Nobert 
went Webbe burted in the Churchpard, and (upped with M. Geffryes, and Walter Spmberbe, at 
: ° Ag Bronckheznes, and not hauing a boate to come aboopve, J lap athore all night at that 
nded uſe. : ( 
ne: alꝰ⸗ Cue 30. dap about ꝙ.a clocke, with mucha doe J furnithen away B. Jeffries, P. Dymberbe, 
e. and William Towzeſon with letters, after dyned at P. Blaccollers, and made manp ſaluta⸗ 
e ull 5. tions with diuers gentlemen. Tee 
hoken Betimes this mogning J (awe a cable bought, tymber for a Dauet, and anker ſtocke, and dil · 
orthers patched many bufinefies and at 1. a cloke J came abooꝛd, and fet a cooper ta wopke, and other 
athome things were done: a great many of our weake men went a Nope, to refreſh themſelues, and to 
eheld ie lye aſhoare. pare * 
hougbt The 32. J wrought aboozde all day, and put our ſhip, and things in oꝛder: Afternoone J hae 
aine, in ning pittie of ſome pooꝛe men of Mylbꝛooke which were robber the night befoꝛe by a Pyrat nas 
ſtoode med Pur ſer, which rid in Cawſon bay, J conſented to go out with the Edward in companie of 
uld lye afmall hip, which they had furniſhed to be their Maſter, fo about 5. afternoone, came 100. men 
slates, e rtbeirs aboond of mee: about 12,aclocke we ſet faple, and by 3. afoeday wee were gotten to 
wind warns of him, then he fet ſaple, and went hence to the Caſtwards, and autſayled vs, becaule 
ft, and mur content would not come neere him: alter afmall chaſe which we gaue him to no effect we tee 
to bee me turned into our old roade, and there moared the ſhip about . afcgenoone, and hence went all the 


pe, then 
being 


Pribpooke men againe a thoge from mee, and thus 3 ended a troubleſome vopage. 


673 ~ The voyagesand difcoueries lohn Drake, 


An extract out of the diſcourſe of one Lopez a Spaniard before 
fpoken of, touching the forefayd fight of M. Fenton with the Spanith fhips together 
with a report of the proceeding ot M. Iohn Drake after his departing from him, 


Ze | Won the relation of Pedro Sarmiento concerning the Streights, and frp 

„ dbbac che king hard, that there were thippes in England preparing top the 

RMA |i fate Streigbts, bee commanded Diego Flores de Valdes à noble man of 

PD paine, te paſſe thither with 23, ſhips, and 3 300. men to ſtoppe the pale 

lage of the Englich men. 

VIS There went in this fleete the gouernour of Chile with 300, olde Souldi 

— ers zb came out ot Flanders : but this fleete was the vnhappieſt ſhips that 

tuer went out of Spapne: for before they came from the coaſt of Sppaine a ſtome coke them, 

and caſt away 5, of the fleete, and in them aboue 800. men, and the reſt came into Cales, But 

J haet the king {ent them woꝛde that they ſyould pꝛocerde: and ſo there went out on the voyage 16, of 

. pert the hips, for 2. moe ok their fleece were much ſpoyled bythe ſtoꝛme which they had. 

coaſt of In chele 16, Hips, Pedro Sarmiento was ſent to bee gouernour in the ftreights, & bad allige 

Spam. ned nto him 500. men tu Kay there with bim, and he carryed with him all Kinde o Art firerg 
to make him fozts, and other neceflaries, with great fore of oꝛdinance and other munition. 

This Fleete berauſe it was late, did winter on the coaſte of Byalill, in the riuer of Generot 

and from thence they went when the winter was patte, and about the height of 4a. degrees they 

had a ſudden ſtonne, fo that Diego Flores beat it bp and done 22. dayes, in which time he loft 

one of the bef chips that he had, which had in ber 300 men, and 20, women, that went to inbabite 

the ſtreightsꝛ and in this ſhippe allo was moſt part of the munition which ſhould haue bene lelt 

in the ſtreighte, lo in the end the ſtoꝛme grewe to be fo great. that the ſhips were not able to ens 

dure it at any longer, but were put backe vnto an Alland, called Sancta Catelina: and there bee 


foun a barke wherein were ſome Fryers going for the riuer of Plate: which Fryers toldebim 


M. femtuu of two great Engliſh ſhippes, and a Pynneſſe, which han taken them, but tooke nothing from 
rol a them, nop did them any harme, but onelp alked chem fop the king of Spapnes ſhips. 

4 Dereupon Diego Flores, knowing that thele Englich Hips would goe for the Sotreights,dee 
termined to goe thither although it was in the monethof Februarie, and choofing 10. thippes 
of the 15. chat were left, he left two hips which were not in caſe to goe to ſea at the Illand, and 
the other thꝛee hips which were old, and ſhaken with the ſtoꝛme he put into them all the women, 
and ficke men in all the fleete, and Cent them ta the riuer ol Genero and he with the other 10. ct 
turned againe for the Strrights. 

The 3. wins in which the ſicke men and women were, went to Vraſill, and there they founde 
with in the port of S. Vincent the two Englith hips before mentioned. 
Chey would haue had the Engliſh men to haue gone out of the harbour, and thereupon they 
A fiat be⸗ kill to fight, and becauſe that theſe 3. hips were weake with the Nome, and the men that they 
25 u had were the wont in all the Fleete, the Engliſh men eaſelp put them to the wozſte, and funcke 
tive ores one of them, and might haue funke another, if the Engliſh men wouldꝛbut they minded not the 
rau SPF deſtruction of any man: oz that is the greateſt bertue that can be in a man, that when he may do 
pi bee will not doe it: fo the Engliſb men went from this pore to Spirito Sancto, where 
they had victuals fop their Marchandiſe, and o they went backe fo, England, without doing of 
any harme in the country. ; 
Che caule why ehele Englith thippes vnder the conduct of Maſter Fenton went not to the 
ta, I know not: but lome {ap that they were put backe by foule weatherꝛother fome ſay 
that it was fop feare of the kings ſhips. 
But the vynnelſe of thele two hips went from them, in which was Captaine John Drakes 
the tauſe why they parted J know not, but che Pinneſſe tame into the riner ol Plate, and within 
3. leagues of ſeale Alland, not far from the place where the Earle of Cumberlands thipsdivtake 
in frech water, he was caf awup vpon a ledge of rocks: but the men were laued in their boate, 
which were in number 18. who went a ſboare on the Mozthlide, and went a daies tourney into 
che land, and met with che Dauages, which arene men caters, but take all the Chyittians that 
they can, and make them llaues. 
But che Cnglith men fougbt with them, and the lauages flew 5. o tbem, and tooke 13 aliue, 
which were with che Sauages about 1 5. monetbs. But the Malter of the pynneſſe, whole name 
m Richard Fappeweather being not willing to indure the milery that bee was in, and be Ing 
hnotuledge that there was a toon of Chpittians on the other five of the riutt, he inanight cal 


— 
ted 3 ohn Dꝛakte and anor 
had but two oares, and fo 
were z. dapes befnne they 
higb wap that went towa 
atlat came to an houſe w 
nta tbe Spauiards whit 
indone of the Indians v 
Abozſemen, and brought 
Cbis captain clocked 
tuns table, and they wert 
But the Viceroy of Peru 
but the other two were ke 
more of their affares. 
Upon this comming of 
to ſeeke the reſt ofthe En 
ple, but J am uot certaine 


Aletter written 
conteining are 


% After Hakluyt 
f kin dneſſe tom 
proceeding, 3 1 

“eS benefit pour co 


that you donot onelpbec 
im which Z would to Go 
knowen ta thaſe that hau 
pen, wher with vou ceaſe 
fires to ſome paſſe, thoug 
malice of wicked men the 
at leaſt few) to pꝛoteed ai 
ing of che chrittian laith, v 
ted. Alas che labourers a 
bo increaſe the number, a 
thoſe parts from out of tl 

No to anſ wer ſome 
land, op Terra noua, fo fi 
amtherefoze the cereaint 
the like among vs: who, 
zo. which commeth to p: 
neigbboꝛs haue had grea 
prines perely ta go in pr 
ſon that J do ſearch the b 
Engliſhman hath done. 
to let this paſſe, vou thall 1 
ards that come to take Ce 
02 30. moꝛe that come frõ 
and furniture of munition 
the harboꝛs where they fil 
anolocuftome of the cou 
More then a boatoztmam 
lent intruderg. who do oft 
it may be well neere fine: 


and they make all wet in 
vpwarde. DE the Frei 
mot oftheir ſhipping is 


fonablp well appointed, 


2 
Pe 
abit 


g olthe Engliſh nation. 674 


yre le 3 ohn Dzake,and another yong mau which was with them, g cookea very litte Cano, which 

bad but two oares, and fo paſſed to the other fine of the riuer, which is about 9. leagues leap, and 
were 3. dayes betoye they could get ouer without meate, and comming to land, they bit won an 
high wap that went towards the chꝛiſtians: and ſceing the footing of doyſes they followed and 


nd for atlatt came to an houſe where there was come fowwed, and there they met with Indians lorusunts 
fo} the butotbe Spauiards, which gaue them tu eate, and clothes to touer them, forthep were all naked, 
man of andone of the Indians went tothe to wne, aud told them olthe Engliſhmen: fo the capeaine Cent 
be pats A boꝛſemen, and brought them to the tawne behind them. 
bis captain clothed them, and pꝛouided lodging for them and John Dyake dieted at the cape 
pouldis tainscable,and they were all very well intteated the captaine purpoſing to (end the fo Spatne. 
ng that But the Viceroy of Peru hauing newes heren len fo them and ſu John Dake was fent tu büm, Fon Bah 
them, but the other two were kept there, becaule they were maried in the countrep, fo that J know no Wicerop of 
s, But move of their affures. : Peru. 
16,08 Upon this comming of the Engliſhmen there were prepared 5 0,hopfemento que ouer the riuer 
tofteketbe reſt of the Caglifhnen,and alla certain Spaniards that were among the lauage peo: 
dallig ple, but J am not certaine whether they went io ward 02 not. 5 
ificerss : : ‘ 
. A letter written to M. Richard Hakluyt of the middle Temple, 
enero conteining a report of the true {tate and comimoditics of New found land, 
15 oe by M. Anthonie Patkhurſt Gentleman, 1578. 
0 
nbabite * Aſter Hakluyt, after moſt heartie commendations; with like thankes for pour manifold 
ene lelt f kin dneſſe to me ſhewed, not lo; any merites that hitherto haue bene mine, but wholy 
to en⸗ proceeding, I muſt needs confeſſe, of pour owue good nature, which is fo readie pꝛeſt to 
ere het A benefit pour country and al ſuch poore men as haue any ſparke in them of good defires, 
we him that pou do not onelp become their friend, but alſo humblẽ pour ſelfe as a ſeruant iu their affaires: 
g tom im which A would to God J were once in place where A might cauſe pour burning feale to bee 
knotnen to thaſe that haue authozitie, power, and abilitie to recumpence pour trauelling mind and 
chts, de pen, wher with vou ceaſe not dap nop night to labour and trauell to bꝛingyour good and godly Des 
chippes fires to ſome paſſe, though not polſiblie to that happy ende that you malt thirſt for : for ſuch is the 
m, and malice of wicked men, the diuels inſtruments in this our age, that they cannot ſuffer any thing (o 
pomen, at leaſt few) to ppocecdand molper, that tendeth to the ſetting forth of Gods glory, ¢ the amplify: 
t lotet nn of the chniſtian faith, wherein hitherto pꝛintes haue not bene fo diligent as their calling requit 
ted. Alas the labourers as pet are few the harueſt great, I truſt Ood hath made pou an inſtrument 
» founds poincreafe the number, and to mooue men of power to redeeme the people ef New found land, ann 


thofe parts from out of the taptiuitie of that ſpirituall Pharao the diuell. 

Nom ta anſ wer ſome part of pour letter touching the ſund w nauies that come to New found 
fand,0 Terra noua, fop fith:pou ſhall vuderſtand that ſome lich not nere the other by 200. leagues, 
mbdetherefore the certaintie is not knolwen, e ſome peeres come many more then other ſome, as J fee 
the like among vs: who, ſince my firſt trauell being but 4. peeres, are increaſed from 3 o. ſaple to 
zo. which commeth to paſſe chiefly by the imagination ofthe Meſterne men, who thinke their 
neighbors haue had greater gaines then in very deed they haue, for that they fee me to take ſuch 
pꝛines pere lv to go in proper perſon, they allo ſuppoſe that I lind ſome ſectet commoditie by reas 
ſon that J do ſearch the harbozs, creekes and hauens, and alſo the land much moze then euer any 
Engliſhman hath done. Surely J am glad that it ſo increaſeth, whereol ſoeuer it fpringeth, But 
to let this paſſe, vou ſhall vnderſtand that J am infoꝛmedthat there are aboue 100. ſaile of Sypani« 
ards that come to take Cod (who make all wet, and doe die it when they come home) befines 20, 
62 30. moʒe that come frd Biſhaie, to kil CAhale fo traine. Theſe be better appointed fop ſbipping 
and furniture of munition, then any nation, ſauing the Engliſhmen, who commonly are laꝛdes of 
the harboꝛs where they liſh, and do vſe all ſtrangers helpe in fiſhing il nerd require, accopding to 
moldtuſtome of the country, whichthing they do willingly, fo that pou take nothing from them 
mone then a boat oʒ tmaine of fale,in reſpett of pour protection of them againſt rouers oꝛ other bios 
lent intruvers. who do often put them from good harbour, et. As touching their tunnage. I thinke 
it map be well neere five opfire thoufand: but of Poꝑtingals there are not tightlp aboue 50. ſaile. 
and they make all wet in like ſoꝛte, whole tunnage may amount to three thouſand tunnes and 
vpwarde. DE the French nation and Bzittons, are about one bundzed and fiftie ſailes, the 
mot oftheir ſhipping is very ſmall, not paſt fortie tunne, among which ſome are great and rea- 
ſanablp well appointed, better then the Poꝛtingale, and not fo 75 asthe Spantarde, mes 

pp. 


ome fap 


Drakes 
Dy within 
didtake 
ir i 
nep into 
ang that 


— 
bfe name 
phe. ing 


t cal⸗ 
sl led⸗ 


P ˙⁰ vw! RRC TI res smn hme A one CED = ae ce 
675 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Anth. Pari hurff. 


Called by the 
13 


anv by the’ 
optingals 


burden of themmay be fome 7000, tune, Their ſpipping is from all partes of France and Brit 
pr en te parts “ A the erie ve from Aueiro and Viana, 
are not there in ſuch numbers as other nations. a 

Non to certifie pou ofthe fertilitie and goodneſſe ofthe countrep, vou ſhall bndertand char q 
baue in funoyp places ſowen Ulheate, Barlie, Rie, Dates, Beanes, peaſe and ſerdeg of herbes, 
kernels plumſtones nuts, all which haue pꝛoſpered 
good trees of fruite, as Filberds in Come plates. hut tn all places Cherie trees, and akind of pere 
tree meete to graſſt on. As lo Roles,thep are as tonnnon as Brambles here: Strawheries, Dev 
beries, and Ralpis, as cummon as gralle, The timber is moſt Fire, pet plentie of Pineapple 
trees: fem of chele two kindes meete to maſte a chip of tice ſroꝛe and ten: but neere the grand 
baie o Cape Britton big, and fufficient fo any ſhip. There bee alfo okes andthomes, there is in 
all the countrey plentie of Birch and Alder, which be the meeteſt wood foz cole, and allo dil. 
lom which will ferue fos many other purpoſes. As touthing the kindes of fifl beſide Cod, there are 
Herrings, „Tbomebacke, Blaſe, o; rather mee ſbould call them Ftounders, Dog bib, 
and another mot excellent of taſte, called ofbs a Cat, Diters,¢ Muſkles, in which J haue found 
pearles aboue 40, in one Muſ kle, and generally all haue ſome, great oz ſmall. J beatdoka Br. 
tingall that found one hooꝛth z oO. duckers: There are alſo other kinds of Shel ſiſh, as limpets, 
cockle, wilkes, lobllerg, and crabs: allo a fithlike a Smelt which commeth on ſhoze, and another 
that hath the like pꝛopertie called a Squid: theſe be the ſiſhes, which ( when J pleale to bee merie 
with mp old companions) J fap,doe come on Hore when J commaund them in the name ofthe z. 
ponts, and coniure them by ſuch luke woꝛds: Cheſe alſo bee the ſiſhes which J may ſweepe with 
bꝛoomes on a heape, and neuer wet my foote, onely pronouncing two oꝛthꝛee woꝛdes whatſoeuer 
they be appointed by any man, ſo they heare my bopce: the vertue of the woꝛdes bee final, but 
the nature of the lilh great and ſtrange. Foz the Squid, whole nature is to come by night as well 
as by day, Jtelltbem, J fet him acandle tu {ce his way, with which he is much deligiten, oz cls 
commeth to wonder at it, as doe our frefh water fith, the other commethalfoin the night, but chicks 
Ip in the dap, being forced bythe Cod that would deuour him, and therefape fo feare comming fo 
neere the ſhoze, is dꝛiuen die bythe ſurge ol the Sea on the pibble and ſands. Ok theſe beyng ag 
good as the Smelt, you ꝛnaytake vp with a ſboue net, as pleutifullp as pou doe TWibeate in alo 
tell, ſufficient in thꝛee on foute howers for a whole Citie. There hee allo other fithes which J tell 
thofe that are deſitous of frange newes that J take as faſt as one would gather bp ſtones, and 
them J cake with a long pole and booke.Wea marrie lay they, wee be leeue fo, and that pou catch 
all che reſt you bing home in that lot, from Poztingals and Frenchmen, No ſurelp, but thus J 
doe: with ther hookes Mretchen foorh in the ende of a pole, I make as it were an Eele ſpeare, 
with which A pricke thoſe Flounders as laſt as you would take vp fritters, with a ſharpe poin: 
ted ſticke, and with that toole J may take bp in leſſe then halfe a day Lobſters ſuffitient to finde 
thꝛee hundzed men for a dayes meate. This paſtime ended, J ſhew themthat for my pleaſure J 
take a great Maſtiue I haue, and fav no moe to him then thus: Goe fetch me this redellions ih 
that obcieth not this Gentleman that commeth from Rent and Chziſtendome, hinging them 
to the high water marke, and when hee doubteth that any ofthoſe great Coddes by reaſon of 
ſheluing ground bee like to tumble into the Sea againe, hee will warily take heede and carrie 
bim vp backe to the heapeof lis fellowes, This doeth cauſe my friendes to wonder, and at the 
firſt hearing to iudge them notopious lies, but they laugh aud are merie when thep heare the 
meanes how eachtale is true. 

I told pou once J doe remember how in mytrauell into Africa and America, J found trees 
that bare Ditters, which was ſtrange to pou, till J told you that their boughes hung in the wa: 
ter, un which boch Ditters and Muckles did ticke kalt, as their mopertie is to Makes and 


Nowe to let theſe merie tales pal, and to come to earneſt matters againe, pou (hall vnder⸗ 
Mand that Pew found land is in a temperate Climate, and not fo colde as foolith Mariners doe 
fap, who linde it tolde ſometimes when plentie of ies of Ice lie neere the Mhore : but vp in the 
land they ſhall finde it hotter chen in England in many partes of the countrep toward the South. 
This colde cummeth by an acciventall meanes, as by the Ice chat commeth fleeting from the 
orth partes of che worlde, and not by the ſituation of the countrep, op nature of the Climate. 
Che countrey is full of lit le ſmall riuers all the peere long proceeding from the mountatnes in: 
gendered both of {now and raineꝛ fem {pings that euer J could finde oz heare of, except it bee to 
wardathe South: in ſome places q rather in R 


as in England, The country peeldeth max 


| M. Anth.Par, 


trep moſt coucred with v 
Beares euery where. ſo 
peefe, and hardly you mi 
ters we map take like f 
ther kind of birdes ſtoze, 
map dʒiue them on apla 
penguins, and cannot fi 
that fh neere the grand 
wapes with theſe birdes 
grand baie, and in the S 
dealis, as Luzarnes and 
4 did fee them farre offi 
were clouen, and bigger 
I read to bee in the coun 
Nozthward, Mares and 
leſh before our faces, wi 
fons were turning of di 
fhoot and fet che dogges 
to take pour ſiſh before pi 
be fozced. 

Now to thew pou my 
redof late by our nation 
talled of the Frenchmen 
Ille, which places if the 
thoughout all New fou 
pleaſe the Queenes mat 
dor latelp diſcouered: b 
rich Mines in more tem 
we haue vled, where we 
and very likely by the h 
aud koztie and better : t 
ching theſetwo common 
fome knowledge in fuch 
ind moft diligent inqui 
who cried on mee to wit 
maunce: wherefoze this 
nada, would be inhabite 
thereok, as I will ſhew y 
to that J haue red and 
Britton. I had almoſt fo; 
black, white ¢ gray: otf 
Mines of iron and coppa 
our great benefite, ik o 
home ſome of the oare of 
bene deceiued by the vi 
to haue ſearched this riu 
brnelited our countrey: 
appointed meof che fale 
defending them two pee 
them. 


By meanes wheren 
ted me ta come home w 
into Poztingall, to dem. 
Queenes maieſtie ¢ he 
as they haue danmifien 
fhatl be woꝛth, oo. li. 0 
wap J were beit total 
ny there are that doe 


| NM. Anth.Parkburit. of the Engliſh nation. 676 


rep moſt touered with woods of irre, pet inmanp places indifferent good gralle, and plentie of 
Beates euery vihere, ſo that you may kill of them as oft as pou litt: their fleſh is as good as pong 
peefe, and hardly pou may know che one from the other, ikit be poudered but two dapes. Ok Des 
ters we may take like ſtoꝛe. There are Sea Guls, Murres, Duckes, wilde geele, and many o⸗ 
ther kind ol birdes ſtoze too long to pice, eſpetially at one Illand named Penguin, where wee 
map iue them on aplanke into our (hip as many as hall lave her. Theſe birdes are allo called 
penguins, and cannot flie, there is moze meate in one ofthete, then in a gvoſe: the Frenchmen 
that fith neere the grand baie, doe bing {mall ſtoze ok fleſh wich them, but victuall themſelues al⸗ 
wapes with theſe birdes. Nowe againe, for Ueniſon plentie, efpeciallp to the orth about the 
grand baie, and in the South neere Cape Race, and Pleſance: there are many other kind of 
dealts, as Luzarnes and other mightie beaſtes like to Camels in greatneſſe. and their feete clouen, 
J did (ee them karre olfnot able to difcerne them perfectly, but their fteps che wedthat their fete 
vere clouen, and bigger then the keete ol Camels, J ſuppole them to be a kind of Bulfeg which 
4 read to bee in the countreys adiacent, and very manp in the tirme land. There bee alſo to the 
Morehwarn,Paresand Fores in all partes fo plentifullp, that at noone dayes they take away our 
fet before our faces, within leſſethen halfe a paire of buts length, where foure and twentie pers 
fons were turning of die liſh, and two dogges in fight, yet ſtoode they not in feare till wee gaue 
fhoot and (et the dogges vpon them: the Beares be alſo as bold, which will not (pare at middaie 
to take pour fil) before pour kate, and J beleeue alluredly would not hurt any bodie vnleſle they 
be loꝛced. 

No to ſhew pou my fanſie what places J ſuppoſe meeteſt to inhabite in thoſe partes difcoue: 
ted ol late by our nation: There is neere about the mouth of the grand baie, an excellent harbour 
talled of the Frenchmen Chalteau, and one Illand in the very entrie of che ſtreight called Bell 
Ille, which places if they be peopled and well foptified (as there are ſtone and things meete for it 
thoughout all Mew found land) we fhall be loꝛdes of the whole fiſhing in ſmall time, ik it doe fo 
pleaſe the Queenes maieſtie, and from thence fend wood and cole with all neceſſaries to Labora- 
dor latelp diſcouered: but J am of opinion, and doe mot ſtevfaſtly beleeue that we ſhall finde as 
rich Mines in mope temperate places and Clumates, and moꝑe profitable for fithing then any pet 
we haue vſed, where we ſhall haue not karre from thence plentie of fale made by fire vndoubtedip, 
and bery likely by the heate ol the Sunne, by reafon J finde lalte kerned on the cockes in nine 
and foꝛtie and better: theſe places map bee found fo? lalte in thꝛee and foztie. I know move tou · 
thing theſe two commodities laſt remembzed, then any man of our nation doth: ko; that J haue 
ſome knowledge in ſuch matters, and haue moſt defired the finding of them by painefull trauell, 
and molt diligent inquirie. Now to be fhopt, fo I haue bene ouerlong by matter Butlers means, 
who cried on mee to mite at large, and of as many things as J call to minde wooꝛthy of remem 
Naunte: wherefore this one thing moze. J could with the Illand in the mouth of the riuer ol Ca, 
nada, ould be inhabited, and the riuer ſearched, kon that there are many things which map rife 
thereok, ag J will ſhew pou hereatter, J could lind in my heart to make pꝛoofe whether it be true oz 
nothat J haue red and heard ol Frenchmen and Poztingals to bee in that riuer, and about Cape 
Britton. I had almoſt forgot to ſpeake of the plentie of wolues, ¢ to ſbem pou that there be Fores, 
black, white e gray: other beaſtes J know none ſauethoſe before remẽbzed. J found alſo tertaine 
Mines of iron and copper in S. Johns, and in the Tlarvoflron, which things might turne to 
dur great benefite, ik our men had delire to plant thereabout, for pꝛoofe whereof J haue brought 
home ſome of che oare of both fortes. And thus J ende alluring pou on my faith, that ik J had not 
bene deceiued by the vile Poztingals deſcending of the Jewes and Judas kind, J had not fapled 
to haue ſearchedthis riuer and all the coaſt of Cape Britton, what might haue bene found to haue 
brnelited our countrey: butthey vreaking their bands, and falliſiyng their faith and pꝛomiſe, dit: 
appointed meokthe falt they ſbould haue bought me in part of recompence of my good ſeruice in 
defending them two peeres againſt French Rouers that had ſpoyled them, it J had not detended 
t. 


em. 

By meanes whereof they made me looſe not onely the ſearching of the countrey, but alfo fop 
ted me to come home with great lolſe aboue, Goo. li. fo recompence whereot᷑ J haue ſent myman 
into Poꝛtingall, to demaund iuſtite at the kings hand, tf not, I mutt put vp my ſuppliration to the 
Queenes maieſtie ¢ her Honourable couuſell to grant me leaue to tap here fo much of their goods 
as they haue danmifien mee, oz els that J may take of them in New found land, as much fithe as 
{hall be worth, oo. li. oz as muchas the falte might haue made. I pap pou aduertiſe mee what 
wap J were beit totake, and what hope there may beo a recompence if J follow the ſuite : ma 
ny there are that doe comlozt mee, and doe bidde mee ners for that her Paieſtie anv 4 

p p. 2, counſe 


72 8 eT oe ccc ( ares 
= ae ere ok - * N 2 © 8 st 
Y „ ANI RS oe! — — 3 8 * ee 
D. . 1 Zs ae - 7 2 a Ff 
Nike Po oe a" N 7 ae A Nie cian * , yy — , 
ke 07 N % TOR NG ‘ . CAN N ‘ i => - = 


X. 
A . 


— — 
~ 


“Ses ‘The vayageeand dee T8 Pies 


— — — — — — — — —- — — 
wpunſell doe tender poche Lifhermen, who with me haue ſultained 300, pound loſſe in that voyage. 


And to conclude, if pou and pour friend thall thinke me a man ſuffitient and ok credite, to feeke the 

Ille of B. John, oꝛthe riuer of Canada, with any part of the firme land of Cape Britton, J ſhall 

giue my diligence ſoꝛ the true and perfect diſcouerie, and leaue ſome part of mine owne bulineſſe 

1 werte fame, and thus J end committing vou to God. From Bziſtow the 13. of Rouem: 
r, 1578. 


Vours to vſe and commaund, 
Anthonie Parkhurſt. 


The Letters Patents graunted by her Maieſtie to Sir Humfrey 
Gilbert knight, for the inhabiting and planting of our 
people in America. 


LIZ AB ETH bythe grace of God, Queene of England, cc. To all people ta 

whom theſe pꝛeſents thal come, greeting. Know yethat of our eſpetiall grace, 

certaine ſcience and meere motion, we haue giuen and granted, and bytheſe pres 

ſents foz vs, our heires and fucceflours, doe giue and graunt to our truſtie and 

welbeloued ſeruaunt fir Humfrey Gilbert ol Compton, in our Countie of Des 

uonſhire knight, and to his heires and alſignes for euer, free libertie and licence 
from time to time, and at all times fo euer hereafter, to diſcouer, finde, ſearchout, and view ſuch 
remote, heathen and barbarous lands, countties and territories not actually poſſeſſed df any Citi 
ftian pꝛinceo; people, as to him, bis heires and allignes, and toeueryozany of them, ſhall ſeeme 
good, and the fame to haue, hold, occupie and enioy to him, his heires and allignes fop euer, with 
all connnoditres, iuriſdictions and royalties both by fea and land: and the laid ſir Dumtrey and 
all ſuch as from time to time by licence of vs, our heires and ſucceſſdurs, thall goe op traueil thi⸗ 
ther, to inhabite oz remaine there, to build and foztiſie at the vifteccion ofthe ſayd fir Vumfrey, and 
of his heires and allignes, the ſtatutes oz actes ot parliament made againſt Fugitiues, op againſt 
ſuch as ſhall depart, remaine oz continue out of our Realme of England without licence, o any o 
ther acte, ſtatute, lawe, oz matter whatſoeuer to the contrary in any wile not withſtanding. And we 
doe likewiſe by chele ꝑeſents, for vs, our heres and ſucceſſours, giue full authonitie and power to 
the ſayd fir humkrep, his heires and allignes, and euer p of them, that he and they, and euery, 0) ae 
np of them, hall and may at all and euerp time and times hereaſter, haue, take, and lead in the 
fame vopages, totrauel thitherward, oz to inhabite there with him, and euery oz any of them ſuch, 
aud fo many of our Subrects as ſhall willingly accompany him and them, and eueryoz anp of 
them with lufficient ſhipping, and furniture for their tranfportations, fo that none of the fame 
perſons, na; any of them be ſuch as hereaſter thall be {pecially reſtrained by vs, our heires and 
ſucceſſours. And further, that hee the ſayd fir Dumtrep, his hetres and allignes, and euery oꝛ any 
of them thall haue, hold, occupte and enioy to him, his heires oz alſigneg, and euery of them fo c. 
uer, all the ſoile of all ſuch landes, countries and territories fo to bee diſcouered o; polleſſed as as 
lozeſayd, and of all Cities, Caſtles, Townes and villages, and places in the ſame, withthe rites, 
ropalties and iuriſdictions, as well marine as other, within the fapde landes oz countries of the 
Seasthereunto adioyning, to be had oz vfed with full power to dilpoſe thereof, and of euery part 
thereok in lee limple opotherwile, accoꝛding to the oꝛder of the lawes of England, as neere as the 
fame conueniently map bee, at his, andtheir will and pleaſure, to any perſon then beyng, oz that 
ſhall remaine within the allegiance ol vs, our heires ¢ ſucceſſos, paying vnto vs foz all {eruices, 
duties ¢ demands, the fift part of all the dare of gold ¢ ſiluer that from time to time, de at all times 
alter ſuch diſcouerie, ſubduing and paſſeſſung ſhall be there gotten: all which lands, countries and 
territopies, (hall for euer be holdẽ by che ſayd fir umfrey, his heires and aſlignes ol vs, our heires 
ee by homage, and by the ſayd paiment ol the {apn fife part before relerued onely for 
a ices, 

And moꝛeouer, we doe by theſe pꝛeſents for vs, our heires ann ſucceſſdurs, gine and graunt 
litenre to the ſayde fir Humſrey Gilbert, his heires oꝛ aſſignes, e to euery of them, that hee and 
they, andeuery o; auy of them ſhall, and may from time to time, anv all times foꝛ euer heereafter, 
for his and their defence, encounter expulſe, repell, and reſiſt, as well by Sea as by land, and by 
all other wayes whatloeuer, all, and euery ſuch perſon and perſons whatſoeuer, as without the 
ſpeciall licence and liking ofthe ſapd fir Humkrep, and of his heires and affiqnes, ſhall attempt ta 
inhabite within the {apd countries, oꝛ any okthem, a within the ſpate of tuo hundjeth leagues 

' n necre 


be Queens 7 
to the place pl 
e rd 


45 within th 
her M up, woe 
gam of their alldciat 
andabidings, 02 that f 
bp Dea ch lande he Ca 
die 
l 


» bis 

5 
line, with their Hippt 
dend umkrep, 02 
borouigt op harboougl 
Realmes and dominic 
gelt on hip wpacke one 
goods, and furniture, 
tion of him the ſapd 
mniting in more perfec 
lelled and inhabited a 
ter incouragement of 
ill ſuch countreps fo h 
bee of the alleagiance 
frep, his heires and all 


andentop all the pꝛiu 
tante, anp law. cuſto 
And fozaſunich as 
tries and territozies as 
themſelues in thofe iat 
quietneſſe each with ol 
unto they (hall attaine 
tile pleaſed and conte 
is beites and aſligne 
totime for euer bereaf 
bpthe Seas thither, 
pardon, gouerne and 
la cauſes capitall o c 
. 

m polleillue, Op 
ries as afopefapd, 07! 
bhere the laid fir Hur 
companies. (hall int 
tutes latwes and ondir 
tp aup ot them den 
e 
eable to the forme: 
Chittian kaith o religi 
of the ſubiects op peop 
tu their immediate fo 
nd ſucceſſdꝛs, giue a 
fie William Cicill kn 
ok England, ok vs fo} 
g any łloure of them 


people to 
all grace, 
theſe pres 
uſtie and 
tie of Des 
nd licence 
biew ſuch 
my Chri 
all ſeeme 
uer, with 
nfrep aud 
rauell thi⸗ 
nfrey, and 
D2 againſt 
202 ANY Os 
And we 
power to 
ierp, oꝛ ae 
pad in the 
m,fuch, 
d anp of 
the fame 
tires and 
ry opanp 
hem foz es 
eſſed as as 
0 the rites, 
ies ok the 
uery part 
ere as the 
N, OF that 
ſeruices, 
all times 
tries and 
bur heires 
onelp for 


w graunt 
hee and 
ereafter, 
„and by 
thout the 
empt ta 
leagues 
neere 


enterpniſt 
d 
E 
ereafter to take and fieppife by all maner ol meanes whatſoeuer, all and euerp perſon and per⸗ 
long, with their ſbippen, bellels, and other goods and furniture, which without the licence ol che 
fapd iy Humkrep, oz bis heires oz aſſignes, as afopeſayd, thall be found traffiquing into any har 
brougtop harbozoughs, crecke oz creekes, within the limites alozeſayde, (the ſubiectes of our 
Reales and dominions, and all other perfons in amitie with vs, being dꝛiuen by fore of teme 
pelt op chip wnacke one ly excepted) and thofe perſons and euerx of them with their Hips, vellels, 
goods, and furniture, to detaine and polleſle, as of good and lawfull prize, accopding to the diſtre 
tion of him the ſayd fir Humkrep, his heires and alſignes, and of euery oz anpof them. And for 
suiting in more perfect league and amitie of ſuch countreys, landes and territoꝛies ſo to bee pole 
lelled and inhabited as alozeſapde, with our Nealmes of England and Ireland, and ſoꝛche bet⸗ 
ter intouragement of men to this enterpziſe: wee doe by theſe pꝛeſents graunt, and declare, that 
ill ſuch countreps fo hereafter to bee polleſſed and inhabited as afopeſapd, from thencefooꝛth thal 
bee of the alleagiance of vs, our heires, and ſucceſſours. And we doe graunt to the ſaid fir ume 
key, his heires and alli gneg, and to all and euerp of them, and to all and euery other perfon and 


perlons being of our allegiance, whole names ſhall be noted o entred in ſome ok our courts ol Re 


within this our Realme of England, and that with the aſſent of the apo ty Humktey, bis 
op aſſigues, ſpall nom in this iournep fop diſcouerie, 02 in the fecond tourney fo2 conqueft 
fereaſter, trauel to ſuch lands, countries and territozies as afopeſaid, and to their aud euery of their 
peires,chat they and euerpoʒ any of them being either bome within our {aid realmes ol England, 
n Ireland, o; within any other place within our allegiance anv which hereafter (hall be inhabiting 
within any the lands countries and territozies, with {uch licence as afoꝛeſaid ſhall, and may haue, 
indeniop all the pꝛiuiledges of free denizens and perſous natiue of England, and within our alle · 
glance,anp law cuſtome. oꝛ vſage to the contrary notwichſtanding. 

And fozaſnnich as vpon the finding out, diſcouering. and in habiting of ſuch remote lande, coun 
tries and territopies as afopefapn, it (hall be neceflarie fop the ſaletie of all men that hall aduenture 
themſelues in thoſe iourneis oz voiages, to determine to live together in Chniſtian peace and ciuill 
quiemneffeeach with other, whereby euery one may with more pleaſure and profit entoy that where 
unto they (hall attaine with great paine ann perill: we for vs, our heires and ſucteſſours are likes 
vile pleated and contented, and bytheſe ppefents doe gine and graunt to the laid fic Humftey anv 
Gis beires and aſlignes koz euer, that he and they, and euery op anp of them ſbal and may from tine 
to time for euer hereafter within the fat mentioned remote lands and countreps, and in che way 
bythe Seas thither, and krom thence, haue ful and meere power and authontie to coprect, punith, 
pardon, gouerne and rule by their, and euery oz any of their good diſcretions and pollicies, as well 
in tauſes capitall op crimmall, as ciuill, boch marine, and other, all ſuch our lubiects andochers. 
as hall from time to time hereaſter aduenture themſelues in the ſaid iournies 02 voiages babitas 
tiut oz poſleſſiue, oꝝ that ſhall at any time hereaſter inhabite any ſuch lands, countreys o; territas 
ries as aforefapd, op that hall abide within two hundred leagues of any the ſaid place oz places, 
bhere the laid fir Humkreydz bis beires,op aſſignes, oꝛ anp olthem, oz anp of his op their alſdriates 
a companies . (hall inhabite vit bin fire peeres next en ſuing the date hereof, actoꝛding to ſuch fas 
tutes lawes and opdinances,ag ſhall be by him the laid fe Humfrep, bis heires and aſſignes m cues 
tym auy of them deuiſed oz eſtabliſbed foꝛ the better gouernment of the laid people as aforefapns 
fo alates chat the fain ſtatutes, Lawes and opdinances may be, as necre as conuenientiy map, a 

able to the forme of the lawes, e pollicie of England: and alfo,fo as thep be not againſt the true 
Futian ith op eligi now profefled in the church of England, nop in anp wiſe co withdraw any 
of the ſubtects oz people of thofe lands 02 places from the allegiance ol vs, our heires op fucceflons, 
uu their immediate ſoueraignes vnder God. And further we do by theſe prefents for vs. our heites 
ad lucceſſoys, giue and graunt ful power and authoꝛttie to our truſtie and welbeloued counſeller, 
fit William Cic ill knight, loꝛd Burleigh, our high treaſurer of England, and to the lord treaſurer 
dl England, ol vs for che time being, and to che pꝛiuie counfell of vs, our heires and fuccefours, 
n any boure of chem forthe time being, chat hee, they. opanp 15 e 

ö 30 


679 The voyages and diſcoueries The Queens Patent. 


time to tune and at all times hereaſter, vndet his q their handeg oꝛ ſeales by vertue of there ne 
fents,authovife and licence the ſayd fic Humfrey Gilbert, his heiten and allignes, and cuery 9) 5 
np of them by him andthemiſelue s m by their opany ol their ſulfitient atcuentes, veputics, 
miniſtern, factors and ſeruanta, toimbarke and tranſpoꝛt out of our realmes ol England and Tree 
umd. all. o; any of bis op cheir goods, and all opanp the goods of his op their allociates anv 

nies and euerp op anp of chem, with ſuch ather neceflaries and commodities of any our Realmes, 
as to thefapoloyo Creaſurer op foure of the priuie counfell of ha, our heyꝛes on (ticcetlons im the 
time being, as afozetaid, (hall be from time to time by his opt heir wilboms op diferetions tho 
meete and cunuenient fo the better reliefe anv ation of bim the ſapde Gr bunt be 
hetres and aflignes,andeucrp op any of them,and of dis andtbeir, and euery op any of their ada 
ſociates and companies anp act, ſatute law, oꝛ other thing tothe contrarie in any wile notwith 


ng. 

Prouidedaltwapes, and out twill and pleafure is, and wee doe hereby declare to all Chrittan 
hings, princes and Rates, that if the fapd ſir umfrep, his heiresop aſſignes, m anpof themn,op any 
other by their licence op appointment, hal at anytime op times hereafter robe op {poile by Des 
02 by land, o doe any acte of vniuſt and wnlatofull hoſtilitie to any of the ſubiects of vs, our heites, 
on ſucteſſos o any ofthe fubiecteg of any king, prince, ruler, gouernour op Rate bepng then in 
perfect league and amitie with vs, our heires op ſucreſſours, ai. that vpon ſuch inturie, oy vpon 
{ut camplaint of any ſuch prince, ruler, gouernour op face, op theit ſubtectes, we, our heres o 
ſucteſdurt ſhall make open proclamation within any the portes of our Realme of England com 
modious, that the fap Sir Dumfrey, bis betres op alſignes, o anp other to whom thele our lets 
ters patents may extend, ſhall within the terme to be limited by fuch proclamations, make full re 
ſtitution and latiſkaction of all ſuch iniuries done, ſo as both wee and the ſayd princes, oz others 
fo complaining, may hold vs and themſelues fully contenced; And that ikthe fap fir Humttey his 
heires and aſſignes, all not make o cauſe to bee made ſatiſtaction actoꝛdinglp, hathin fuch time 
Odd bee limtte drt hat chen it ſhall be latofull to vs, our herres ¢ ſucreſſns, to put the fapd fir hum 
frey, bis heires and allignes, and abherentz, and all the inhabitants ofthe ſaid places ko ber difco: 


dee e 
0 n poe fir „ @ 8, es, d t 
anbocbers fo be put out ant the Cap places tithin thei babitation, poflion ano re dl bee 


out ot our ion and allegiance, and free fon all pꝛintes and others, to purſue with hoftilitie 
as being not our ſubiects, nop by vs any way to bee aduo med, maintained oz defended, no to be 
bolden as any of ours, no: to our motection, dominion ox allegtaunce any way belonging, ton that 
expꝛeſle mention, c. In witnelle whereof, c. out felfe at Meſtminſter the 1 1. day of 
June, the 20, peere of our raigne. Peripfam Reginam, &c. 


A report of the voyage and ſucceſſe thereof, attempted in the yeere 
ofour Lord, 15 8 3. by Sir Humfrey Gilbert knight, with other Gentlemen affifting him 
in that action, intended to difcouer and to plant Chriftian inhabitants in place conueni- 
ent, vpon thofe large and ample countries extended Northward from the Cape of Flo- 
rida, h ing vnder very temperate Climes, eſteemed fertile and rich in Minerals yet notin 
the ada poſſeſſion of any Chriftian prince, written by M. Edward Haies Gentleman, 
and principal actor in the {ame voyage, who alone continued vnto the end, and by Gods 
fpeciall aflftance returned home with his retinue ſafe and entire. 


Anp voiages haue bene petenden, pet hitherto neuer any thoughly accomplithen by our 

nation, of exact diltouerie into the bo wels of tboſe maine, ample, and vaſt countries, ex. 
tended infinitely into che orth from 30. degrees, oz racher From 25. deg. ol Septentri⸗ 

AAcnall latitude, neither bath a right way bin taken of planting a Ciniſtian habitation and 
regiment vpon the fame, as well may appeare both by the litle we pet do actually polſtſſe therein, 
and by our ignorance of the riches and lecrets within thoſe landes, which vnto this day we know 
chiefip by che trauel k report of ocher nations e mom of che French whoalbert thep cannot chalẽge 
fuch right and interett vnto the fai countries,as we neither thele many peeres haue had oportunis 
tie noʒ means ſo great to diſcouer e to plant (being vexed with the calamities of inteftine warres) 
as we haue had by the ineſtimable benefit of our lang ¢ peace: pet haue they both waies pers 
foumed moge, x bad long fince attained a ſure poſſeſſion and ſttied gouernment of manp yrouinces 
in thoſe Nontherly parts of America, if their many attemppes into thole foren and remote landen 
pat not bene impeached bytheir garboils at home. ey 


Sir Humpb. Git 


great tract of land fretch 
Petofoundland: all tobi 
if toith line Diligence the l 
tat, and out parts therec 


fought koꝛth a moſt plent 
7 ol fuch as 
ther foundation ſhall new 
And although we can 
of men ſtyꝛred by 

the euents do a tb 

not permitted ſo a 

wealed onto thoſe Inſidel 
But moſt alſuredlp, th 
ward at the time alligned 
boch of thoſe ample count 
Landing God in his wife 
and miſty knowledge, by 
pull enough in the zeale t 
of his will againſt che du 
Ignche meane while, 
nation vnto this attempt, 
tumite, be map allure h 
Gods protection and alli 
vpon the land: whom e 
but not to build vpon ſo b 


man. 

And the lame, who fe 
tonlidently repole in the 
thetime is complet ol re 
him an inſtrument to eff 
by the Spanpardes and 
path referuen the fame to 

Fornot long after the 
Melt Indies fo Spain 
rida opthwards, to the 

And whenfoeuer afte 
ueries) did anp 
proouen moſt vnbappp. 


permittedchem to eftat 


Sir Humph. Gilbert. of the Englith nation. 680 


Che fick diſcouery of theſe coaſts (neuer heard of before) was well begun by John Cabot the pod apd 
beter, and Sebattian bis forme, an Cngliman bome, uh wererhe Arn Anders out of all that ary arn ves 
tract of land ſtretching from the cape of Florida vnto thoſe Illands which we now call the Ppt Lid 
Perofoundland: all which chep bwught and annexed vntu che crowne of England. Since when, 
ff with like diligence the learch of Inland countries had beene followed, as the diſcouery vpon the 
walt, and out parts thereof was performed bp thoſe two men : no double her Maieſties territoies 
nd ttuenue had beene mightily inlatged and aduanced bythis day. Aud which more is: theleed 
ef Chuiſtian religion had beene ſowed amongſtthole pagans , which by this time might haue 
forth a mot plentifull harueſt and copious congregation of Chniſtians. TApich mutt be 
gechen intent ol fuch as ſhall make any attemptthat wap : oz els whatſoeuer is builded vpon c 
ther foundation (hall neuer obtaine hapyp fucceffe nop continuance, 
And although we can not pecifelp iudge (which onelp belongeth to God) what haue beene the 
bumoꝛs of men Apyred vp to great attempts ot diſtoueriig ¢ plan ing in thoſe remote countries: 
the euente do ſhew that either Gods caule hath not beene chiell, preferred bythem, oz els God 
not permitted fo abundant grace as the light ol his woꝛd and Ano wledge of himto be pet re 
wealed vnto thoſe Julidels be foreche appointed time. 
But moſt alluredlp, che onely cauſeot᷑ religion hitherto hath kept backe, and will allo bing for» 
ward at the time alligned by God, an effectuall and complet diſcouery and polleſſion by Chyiſtians 
boch of thoſe ample countries and the riches within them, hitherto concealed : whereof not with · 
ſemdung God in his wiſe dome hath permitted to be reuealed, from time to time, a certaine obſcure 
ind miſty knowledge, by little and little, to allure the mindes of men that wap (which cls will be 
dull enough in the reale of his caule) and thereby to prepare vs vnto a readineſſe lo the execution 
te his will againſt the due time attalued, ok calling thoſe pagans vnto Chhyillianitp. 
Inthemeane while, it beboueth euery man of great calling, in whom is aup inſtinct of inclic an fit contnes 
nation vnto this attempt, to examine his one motions: which ik the fame proceed of ambition oz Taten 
auarice, be may allure himſelfe it commeth not of God, and thereſoꝛe can not haue confidence of 
Gods protection and allittance againt the violence (els trreſiſtable) both of (ea, and infinite perile 
ppon che land: whom God pet may vſe an inſtrument to further his caule and glopp fonre way. 
but not to build vpon fo bad a foundation. 
Otherwiſe, if bis motiues be veriued from a vertudus ¢ heropcall minde, preferring chicfly the 
hend of God, compallion of poope Infidels taptiued by che deuill, tranntzing in molt woonder⸗ 
full and dꝛeadfull mauer ouer they? bodyes and ſoules: aduancement of his honeſt and well diſpo⸗ 
{ed tountreymen, willing to accompany him in {uch honourable actions: reliefe of fundpp peos 
in this realme diftreflen , All thele be honorable purpofes, imitating the nature of the mute 
where with he is well pleaſed, who will allitt (uch an actour beponde expectation of 


man. 

And the lame. who feeleth this inclination in himſelle, by all Ickelyhood, may hope, oz rather 
tonlidently repole in the pꝛeopdinance of God, that in this laſt age of the wozlo (oz likely neuer) 
thetime is complet ol recetuing allo theſe Gentile into merrbandtze: And that God will raife Prodesss cere 
him an inſtrument to effect the lame. It ſeeming pobable by euent of precedent attempts made lands man of 
bp the Spanpardes and French lundgp timeg: that the countrpes lying J2oxth of Florida, Goo rug ah we 
path releruen the fame to be reduced vnto Chpittian ciuilitie by the Cnglith nation. Enguch nats 

Fornot long alter that Chultopher Columbus had diſtouered the Tands and continent of the * vA 
Melk Indies ko Spaine, John and Sebaſtian Cabot made diſcouerp allo of the reſt from Flo- 
rida Noꝛthwards, to the beboofe of England. 

And whenloeuer afterwards the Spanyards (verp pꝛolperous in all theyꝛ Doutherne dito: The opamp⸗ 
nerieg) did any ching into Florida and thoſe regions inclining towards the Roth sthep ards piolge⸗ 
pooueb wolt vnhappp, and were at length diſtouragedvtterlp by che hard and lamentsble fuccelle Bomben 
of many both religious and balfanc in armes endeuoꝛing to bring thole Noꝛtherlp regions allo bn: 1 
derthe Sopanith iuridiction : as if God hav peſtribed limits tno che Spanith nation which they hear sore 
might not exceed: as bp theppotwne gefts recoꝛded map be aptly gathered. therne, 

The French, as they can pꝛetend leſſe title vnto chele Roxherne parts chen the Bpanpard, eye grencp 
by how much the Spanyard made chelirtt viſcouery ofthe fame continent fo karre Nozthward as are an viare 
vnd Florida, andthe French did but reutew that befoze diſtouered bp the Cnglithnation, vlur- abr. 
ping vpon on right, and impoſung names vpon countrpes, titers, bayes, capes, oꝛ headlands as it 
they had been the firſt finders of thole coatts, which iniurie tue offered not vnto the Spanparda, 
but left offto difcouer when we approche the Spaniſh limits: euen fo God hath not hitherto 
permitted chem co ellabliſh a polleſſion permanent vpon an others right, W 


* & 


abe > 


| 
1 
* 
8 t 
„ 
{ 
dr 
* . 
{ 
42 
} g 
i 
8 4 
1 WX! 
DOS. 
4 
* 
118 
9 
i 
ie 
ae 
25 
* 
iS 
N. 
yw” 
7 ; 
1 
21 
a 


681 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert, 


— 4j — ſ— 
I Frenchy manitolde attempts, in which the illue bath beene no leſle tra i 
A geb gain ion gicall chen that of the Spanparng, 
pare Then (eeing the Engliſb nation onelp right vnto 
moot cow Cape of Florida FaoyebtuarD bp the puuilege wid wee te hit Et hsange — 
Tagen tol by vegall auchonity, ¢ let forth bp che expeute of our late famous hing Henry the ſturnth: ibich 
— 11 tight alſo ſeemeth drongly defended on our behalfe, by the potuerfull anor alinightp ö 
quette of the ftandeng the enterpifesofochernations Te map grea tncoutagebs, vpont iu gm t. 
aud of our right. and vpon fo ſatred an intent. as to plant religion, (our right and intent being — 
de da tuns dation ion the fame 2) to profecute effectually vnto a full poſſeſſion of thole fo 71 — 
Aenne countries apperteining vnto the croune ol England :the fame (as is tu be — oe ee 
Stealing bete bit arguments of the bonds end appoching) being now arrived bntothe tine bp Bod peteiiey 
one other vocation, if euer they calling onto the knowledge of God map be expected, Cibich 
ant. p try mobable by the reuolut ion and courte of Gods woſd and teligion, which —— 
Che word of mooued from the Cat, towards, and at laſt vnto che Welk, where it is like to end vnleſſe : 
psd ta fame begin againe where it did inthe Catt, which were to expect alike wopld againe. But = 
Lllutred of the contrary by the pꝛopheſie of Chit, whereby we gather that after bis wond —— 
throughout the too), Chall be the end. And as the Golpell when it deſtended 8 — 
in the South, and aſterward pred intoche Noith of Europe: euen fo, as the fame bath begunne 
in the South countries of America, no leſſe hope may be gathered that it will allo {prev into the 


Noth. 
TChele conſiderations may helpeto ſuppꝛeſſe all dꝛeada riling of attempts 
this way by other nations, as allo of the heauie ſucteſſe and ite 1 9 poli — 
wonhy gentleman our country man fir Dumtrep Gilbert knight. who was the fit chat of ou na 
tion carried people to erect an habitation and gouernement in thoſe Moztherly countries of Smee 
rica. About which, albeit he had conſumed much ſubſtance, and loſt his life atlatt, his people alfo 
periihing for the molt part: pet the myſtery thereof ive mutt leaue vnto God, and iudge charitably 
bot} of the cauſe (which toas (ult in all pretence) and ok the perfor, who was bery sealous in po- 
secuting the fame, deſeruing honourable remembzante fo; his good minde, and expence of life in 
fo bertuous an enterprife . Ilherebp neuerthelelle, leaſt anp man ſbould be dilmald by example 
of other folks calamitp, and mildeeme that God doch reſiſt all attempts intender that way: 1 
thought good, fo karre as mp felfe was an epe witneſſe, to deliuer the circuntetance and maner of 
our pꝛoctevings in that action: in mhich the gentleman was fo infoztunatelpincombzer with 
warts, and tuooptte macched with many ill dilpoſed people, that his rare iudgenient and regiment 
pꝛemeditate for thofe alfa yves, was lubiected to tollerate abuſes, and in ſundip extremities to holde 
on a courte, moze to vpholde credit, then ltbelp in his owne concert, happely to ſucted. 
Che illue of ſuch actions being alwapes milerable, not guided by God, tubo abbowreth cone 
kuſion and diſoꝛder, hath left this oz admonition (being the by out nation to plant) 
nannt vnte ſuch as ſhall take the ſame caule in hand heereafter, not to be difcouraged from it: butte 
mut br panbs make men well adutſed bot they handle bis fo bigh and excellent matters, asthe carriage ta ot 
— nish dus his bord into thoſe verp mighty and vaſt countrpes. An action voubtleſſe not to be intermedien 
with baſe purpoſes, as many haue made the fame but a colour to MHavoww actions, otherwiſe ſturſe 
au actions tuftifiable : which doth excite Gods heauy iudgements in the end, to the cerrifping of weake 
— ar mindes from the cauſe, wichout pondering bis iult proceedings ꝛ and doth alſo incenſe toten prin 
burn ong bad tens a iult A , who can not but deeme the ſequele very dangerous 
lands. e parts we ould i 
ae p fhould grow to ſtrength) ſeeing the very beginnings ere en 
nd abinanition Denounced vpon xeale towards Gods cauſe, alſo towards luch i 
whom appeareth dilpolition honorable vnto this action of planting e 
je — re ebe ve se of America so whom A with all happineſſe) J will now 
relatio p. xti our i 
— — — 
The firftand vndertooke the THefterne di of America 
great piepas red from her Maieſty a bery large commillion to inhabit, and poflelle at Sen ee 
Bl. Sllbert. beatben lands not in the actual polſeſſion of any Chpittian prince, the fame tommiſſion exempll⸗ 
led wich many pꝛuileges, ſuch as in bis vilcretion he might demand: Uery many gentlemen of 
groodeftimation de w bnto bim, to aſſociate him in fo commendable an encerppile,Co thatthe prepas 
ration was expected to grow vnto a puilſant fler, able to encounter a kings power by fea: neuer 


theleſſe, amongſt a multitude of voluntary men, they dilpolitions were diners, which bed a inte, 


Sir Humfrey C 


andimade a diuiſion inthe 
and when che ſbipping w 
ume lone brake conſozt, @ 
Others failed of they pre 
all with few of his 
ino leſſe miſfoztune, he 
(nne to his griele) ol a v 
Dauing burpedonely i 
ed, bis minde pet not difits 
pile, good occafion feruin 
bis deltre sat laſt be grante 
abilicy,defiving the priuilg 
the riuerof Canada, to w 
of moment was expected 
and be a furtherance bute 
courte, might be extuſed w 
gions were of no regard: 
dertue ok his grant, did 
which induced fir i) 
tion, decauſe his commiſli 
ſſion. 
Time went awap wit 
himſe lle to take a voyage 
moſt was expired oz wit 
In furtherance of his! 
felfe very zealous tothe 4 
men to the yz abilitie ioyn 
cate Ceiba beginning t 
ind things requifit, ſome 
Such were the difficulcics 
leſſe then two peeres: ma 
Che laſt place ofour a 
puto Plymmouth: then! 
before our fore pet remap 
uertheleſſe it feemen ſirſt 
tenned diſtouery either fr 
The firſt (that is beg 
were aſlured to haue com 
and would haue kurthere 
wards cape Button, aud 
Alſo the peere being £ 
in Nontherly courſes, wl 
which we had ſpace enou 
ttedthatſeaſon, being m 
lung and rigoꝛous. 
Cheſe g other like re⸗ 
trary was inferred : that 
diminiſhed and left inſuff 
to ſhape a courſe moſt lik 
wap, which was but fe 
that time of the peere, a 
lich: we ſhould be relieut 
might well ſpare, and fr 
Not ſtaping long ope 
Dunne until we arrive 
By which reafons we 
neceflitic, which mutt b 
ging with it continuall 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. otthe Engliſh nation. 682 
— —— teseeetsseeceventath 
nd mꝛde a diuiſion in the end, to the confuſion ol that attempt euen before the fame was begun 

and wen che Chipping was in a mauer prepared, men ready vpon the coat to go abooꝛd. ae 

ume lome brake confoye , and followed tourles degenerating from the vopage beloze pretended, 

Others failed of ther; promifes contrarce>, and the greater number were dilperl. d, leauing the 

generall wich few of his alſuted friends, with whome he aduentur td to fea 1 where hauing talled 

ofno lefle miſfoztune, he was thoytlp dziuen ko tetpze home with the lolſe of a tall ſhippe, and 

(moze to bis griefe) of avaliant gentleman Miles Morgan, 

Hauing burpedonely in a preparation a great malle of ſubſtance, wherbp his cftate was impart „ enfant res 
id bis minde pet not diſmaid, te continued his fopmer delignment and purpole to reuiue this enter: folution of lr 
pile, good occafion feruing , Upon which determination Landing long. without meanes to ſatillie U · Sunert. 
dis deüre :at laſt he granted certaine alſignemtts out of his commiſon to ſundyy perfons of meane 
ability, deſiring the pꝛiuilege of his grant, to plant and fojtilie in the Month parts of America about 
the riuerof Canada, ta whom if God gaue good ſucceſſe in the Moreh parts / where then no matter 
of moment was expected) the lame (be thought) would greatly aduante the hope of the South, 
ind be a kurtherance puto his determination that way. And the woo that might happen in that 
wurſe . might be exruſed without preiudice vnto him by the former ſuppoſd ion. that thoſe Noꝛth res 
gions were of no regard : but chicflya polleſſion taken in any part ell of thole heathen countries by 
dertue of his grant, did inueſt him of territozies extending euery way two hundzed leagues: 
which indured fir Dumfrey Gilbert to make thoſe aſſignements, deliting greatly hep» expedi⸗ 

— e his commiſlion did expyꝛe after ſixe peeres, ik in that ſpate he had not gotten actuall 
ton. N 

Time went away without anp thing done by his allignes; inlomuch at lalt he mut reſolue . recone pre 
himſe lle to take a vapage in perfor, fo; moze aſſurance to keepe his patent in force, which then ale paration of tis 
moſt was expired oz within two peeres. . Oudert. 

In furtherance of his determination, amongſt others, fic Geoꝛge Peckam knight ſhewed hime 
felfe very zealous to the action, greatly aiding both by his aduuſe and in the charge. Other gentle. 
men to the p abilitie iopned vnto him, reſolued to aduenture they ſubſtance and liues in the fame 
tauſe. IAho beginning they pꝛeparation from that time, boch ofhipping, munition victuall men, 
ndthings vequifit, ſome ok them continued the chargetwo peeres complet, without intermilſion. 
uch were the difficulties and croſſe accidents oypoling thele proceedings, which tooke not end iu 
lelle then two peeres s many of which cirtumſtances J will omit. 

The laſt place ofour aſſemblp, before we left thecoaſt of England, was in Cauſet bay, neere 
puto Plymmouth: then reſolued to put vnto the fea with ſhipping and prouifion, ſuch as we had, 
belne our Hope yet remayning, but chiefly the time and feafon of the peere were too farre ſpent. Me 
uertheleſſe it ſeemed firft very doubtful, by what way to ſhape our courte, and to begimie our in⸗ 
tended diſtouery either from the South Mozthward, oꝛ from the Mozth Southward. 

The firk (that is beginning South) without all controuerſy was che likelieſt, wherein we 
were afftrred to haue connnodity of the currant, which from the cape of Florida fetteth orth ward, um anne en 
and would haue furthered greatly cur nauigation, difcoucring from the lozeſaid cape along tos courte, 
wards cape Witton, and all thoſe lands lying to the Nozth. 

Alſo tbe peere being karre ſpent, and atriued to themonethof June, we were not to ſpend time ommo die 
in Nontherly courſes, where we ſhould be ſurpꝛiſed with timely winter: but to couet the South, in vifcoucring 
which we had ſpace enough, then to haue attained: and there might with leſſe detriment haue twit: Galton 
trenthatfeafon, being moze milde and ſhozt in the South chen in the Noꝛth, where winter is both 
lung and rigoꝛous. e 

Theſe c other like reaſons alleged in favor of the Sortherne courle, frſt to be taken, to the cone 
trary was inferred : that ſoꝛaſmuch az both our victuals, and many other needfull pꝛouiſſons were 
diminiſhed and left inſufficient fo fo long a voyage, end foꝛ the wintring of fo manp men, we ought 
to ſhape a courſe moſt likely to miniſter fupply: and that was to take the Ne wfound land in our 
wap, which was but ſeuen hundꝛed leagues from our English coalt. CAhere being vitally at 
that time of the peere, and vntill the fine of Auguſt, a multitude of ſhippes repapꝛing thither for 
fich: we ſhould be relieued abundantly with many nerelſaries, which after the fihing ended, they 
might well ſpare, and freely impart vnto vs. 5 


Not faping long vpon chat fem landroaß wt might ocerd Bouthward and followitüülthe e wüy 
Dunne vntill we arriued at places moe temperate to our conttut. g de began gur 

By which reafons we were the rather induced to follow this Noꝛtherlytvurſe, obeying vnto nh 
nerellitie, which mutt be ſupplyed. Other wiſe, we doubted that ſudden approch ok winter, bin- gncommodie 
ging with it continuall logge, and thicke mite, tempeſt and rage of weather: allo . Py nae 


The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


683 


—— — — — — 
urrants deſceuding from the cape of Florida vnto cape Button and tape Rafe, would fall ures 
impediments 


be great and irreſiſtable vnto our further proceeding fo that peere, and tompell vs 
to winter in thoſe orth and colde regions. 

Cuppreiling all obiections to the contrary, we reſolued to beginne our courte Roxts 
ward, and to follow directlp as we might, the trade way vnto Me ufound land: from whence afe 
ter our relreſbing and reparation of wants, we intended without delay (by Gods permillion)to 
proceed into the South nat omitting any riuer op bay, which in all that large tract of land appeated 

to our view wooꝛthyol ſearch. Innned iatly we agreed vpon the maner of our courte and oder 
to be oblerued in our vopage: which were deliuered in whiting unto che captaines and maitters of 
tuery ſhippe a copie in maner following. 

Euery hippe han deliuered two bollets 07 ſtrowles, the one ſealed vp in ware, theother lett 
open: in boch which were included ſeuerall watchwoꝛdg that open, ſeruing vpon our owne coatt 
od che coaſt of Ireland: the other {ealed, was pꝛomiled on all hands not to be broken vp vntill we 
ſhould be cleere of the Jriſh coaſt: which from thentelooyth did ſerue vntill we arriued and met 
altogether in ſuch harbours of the Newlound land as were agreed fo our Rende vous. The {aid 
warchwoꝛds being requifice to know our confonts, whenſoeuer by night, either by fortune of wea⸗ 
cher, our fleet diſperſed (ould come together againe: on one ſhould bale anuther : oz ik by ill watch 

nnd ſtearedge one ſhippe chauce to fall abooꝛdot᷑ another in the darke. 

Che reafon of the bollet ſealed, was to keepe ſecret that watch woꝛd while we were vpon our 
owne coaft, leaſt anp of the company, ſealing from the flecte, might bewnay che lame: which 
knowen to an enemy, he might boozd vs by night without miltruſt, hauing our odone watchwond. 


Orders agreed vpon by the Captaines and Maiſters to be 
obferued by the fleet of fir Humfrey Gilbert. 


e milie acraine sehen be to theta chee lighes one aboue another. 
4 Item, if the Aomtrall hall happen to hull in the night: then to make a nauering light ouer 


bis other light, wauering the ligbt von a pole. 

5 Item, ik the fleet ſbould happen to be ſtattered by weather, op ether miſbap, then fofcone as 
one {hall deſcry another. to hoiſe both toppe ſailes tinile, tfche weather will ferue,andto dire them 
„ then to hoile chemame toype faile twile, and lonhwith 

E gaine. 

6 Item, it it Hall happen a great fogge te fall, then pyeſently euery ſhippe to beare vp with 
the admirall, ifchere be wiune: but ifit be acalme, chen euery ſhippe to bull, anbfototicat bull 
till it be cleave. And ikthe fogge do tontinne long, then the Admirall to Hoot offttwo pieces tuery 
euening. and euery thippe to aulwere it with one thot : and euerp mum bearing to the ſhippe, that 
ista leeward foneere as be may. 

7 Jem, cuerꝝ maiſter to gine charge vnto the watch to lake out well, fo; laying aboow one of 

8 N * to baile the Admitall, and ſo to fall aſtearne him, ſapling 

tem, euery cuerp and fo to arne him, fapli 
though the Ocean ꝛ and being on t coatt, euerx Cippe to hallt hun boih moming and cuce 


aue if any (hippe be indanger any buy, by Leake op btherbiſe, hen the to {hoot off a piece, 
aud pꝛeſentip to hang out one Tighe, n cuery man to beare towards her, anfluering her 
mat 5 0 fhezt tine, and ſoto put it out againe, thereby to giue knotwlenge that thep 


Item, wobenſdeuer the Admiral enfigne in che maine J 
Eee ras . 

11 Item, if there happen anp Moyme op contrarp winde to the Mecte after the difcoucrp, 
. cucrp Chippe to reparde unto thex laſt good port, there to mettt 


Our 


= 


Sir Humfrey G. 


1111 


Loutherlpca 
Iq Fermous, b 


Adirectio 
Sede 
Ocean is ſubiect much 


to 47 degrees 0 
dard ofthe beagbtot 47 
the tontrary: but to bo p 
Gly, berauſe cape Ravel 


ibo had beene there, o 
which way. 


Owers thus determ 
himlelle vnto his chara 
foft gale of winde, web 
dur Lom 1583, hau 
names and burthens, v 


then Nice ammirall: in 
3 Che Golden hin 
ward Hayes captaine 
4 The Swallow, 
5 The Squirill,v 


we were pꝛouidedof! 
Dobby hoꝛſſe, aud Pa 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. of the Engliſh nation. 684 


Our courſe agreed vpon. . 


be courte fut to be taken fad the diſcouery is to beare directly to tape Rafe the mol 

L Southerly cape ot Newfound land. And there to haboz our ſelues either in Rogneux 

Da fermous, being the firt places appointed fo; our Rende vous, and the next harbors 

aon buco the Ronchward of cape Rafe. Andcherefope euerp ſhippe eparated from che ficer, 

B torepaye to that place ſo laſt ac God (hall permit, whether you iat tall to the South ward, 07 

Ranch ward of it: and there co Bay for che meeting of the tohole fleet the {pace of tenne dapes, and 
hen pou (hall depart, to leaue marks, 


Adirection of our courſe vnto the New found land. 


é imuing our courfe from Silley, the necreſt is by Meſt ſouthweſt (if the winde ferue) vn 
Pschtich eas toe bane Hough our ſelues in the latitude of 43 02 44 degrees, becaute the 
Ocean is lublect much to Doutherlp windes in June and July, Then to take trauerſe from 
45 (0 47 degrees of latitude. if we beinforced by contrary luindes: aud not to goto the Noth. 
ward of the heigbeof 47 degrees of Septencrional latitude by no meanes, if God ſhall not inkodce 
the tontrary: but to do pour indeuoz to keepe in the height of 46 degrees, lo necre as you can pofe 
Giilp, betaule cape Rafe lpeth about chat height. 


Notes. 


If bycontrarp windes we be dpiuen backe bpon the toaſt of England, then to repapze vnto Sil- 
ley fo3 a place of our aſſembly and meeting. 
Uf we be dien backe by windes, that we can not paſſe the coaſt of Ireland: then the 
place of out aſſemblp to be at Beare hauen o Baltimore hauen. 

Ff we hall not happen to meet at cape Rafe, then the place of Rende vous to be at cape Bite 
ton, dn the neerett haboz vntothe elt ward of cape Button. 

Aby meanes of other ſbippitig we may mt fafelp Kap there, then to reſt at the very next Cafe 

CKeftward, euery ſhiype leauing they marks behinde them kon the moze certaintie of 


to the 
Nein commune kno ty where to ſindethem. 

The marks that euery man ought to leaue in ſuch a cafe, were of the Generals priate dewice, 
mitten by bimielfe, ſealed allo clofe in waxe, and deliucrcd vnto euery ſhippe one ſcroule, which 
was not to be opened vntill occafion required, whereby euer y man was certified what to leaue fo 
inftruction of after connners : and euery of vs comming into any harbour op river, might knowe 
cot ai beene there, oz whether any were ſtill there vy higher into the riner, op Departed, and 

wap. 


Owers thus determined, and momiſes mutually giuen to be obſerued, euery man withdzem Beginning of 
himlelfe vnto his charge, che ankers being alreavy weyed, and our ſhippe onder faile, hauing a 0 
foft gale of winde, we began our voyage byon Tuelday the eleuenth day of June, in the peere of 
dur Lozd 1583, e at our departure from Cauſet bap) chee ſbippes, whole 
names and buͤrthens, with the names of the captaines and maiſters of them, J haue alfo in ſerted, 
as 


Wwe 


685 The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert, 


— ease — —aͤ . 1 —-¼ — . ů—s3.— 
by all kapze meanes pollible. And to that end we were indifferen 1 
pa hii eg i thole finple 3 een pr bee 
jn this maner we fet fo ward, departung (as hath beene ſaid) out ol Caufon bay theel 
dap of June, being Tueſdap, the weather and winde faxe and good 5 
8 pfollowing, when we bailedone anocher in che euening (atcodtt 
cilied) they ſigniſied unto vs out of the Uice admirall, that 115 eee 
the men were fallen ficke, And about midnight che Nice avmirall fopfooke vs, nocwihdandim 
we had the winde Cat faye and good. But it was after credibly tepoꝛted that they were 5 
Erkunde. Jen ger cen ferd ip bebe fetg N gd ihn 
N red by they; owner M. Nalei i 2 
eie leaue it vnto God. ; PEROT ere AD Me fe tins em th 
By this tune we were in 48 degrees of latitude, not a little grieued tuith the lo 
puiſlant ſhippe in our llett: after whofe departure, the Golden hinde — cheplarot tare 
admitall, aud remooued her flagge from the 1280 vnto the foze toppe. 
e e mk be nach catve Gli nee, ird kates a 
1 n „ much to the 1 
7 T Mgr ate e 
ttbis time of the pere the windes are conunonly Tick towards the evel . 
ping oꝛdinarily within two points of Mel to the South oz to the Worth, fat hehe 
ther kalleth out to be long and tedious after June, which in March. Apꝛill ¢ Map, hath beene pere 
pgp rhe hee . i ae and 1 e had e alwayes lo ſcant from Meſt non 
ft, aud from 0 againe, that our trauerſe was 5 
a ee 1 oe 850 51 degrees, RCV 
July 20. were incumbꝛed with much forge and miſts in maner palpable, in which we 
A. noc 8 e U a postal: het of the Swell 5 
5 bon tt „ ine at ſeuerall places v 
* the Nea tod e 1 in place conuenienc, oer R 
aturday the 27 of July, we might delcep not farre from vs, as it were, moumtsines of ile dꝛi⸗ 
uen vpon the ſea, being then in 50 degrees, which were carried Spoutbinard tothe — ras 
whereby may be coniectured that ſome currant doth ſet that way from the Month. 
The dame n Beloze we come tu Newfound land about 50 leagues on this fide, we paſſe che banke, which 
tent L are high grounds tiling within the lea, aud bnder water, yet deepe enough, and without danger, 
kom Raub being commonly not lelle then 25 and zo fathome water vpon them: the fame (as it were fone 
ings South, dalle of mountaines within the (ea) doe runne along, and fromthe Newfound land, begüming 
leagues, in Noth ward about 5 2 02 5 3 degrees of laticude, ¢ do extend into the South infinitly . Thebyered 
Depth of tas of this banke is fontetubere mode, and ſome where leſſe: but we found the fame about 10 leagues 
sobkpone, over, hauing ſounded both on this fide thereof, and che other toward Newfound land, but found no 
ground, with almoſt 200 fathomeok line, boch befoze and after we had paſſedthe banke. The Po 
A great ding Uingalles, aud Frenchchiefly. haue a notable trade of filling vpon this banke, where are ſometimes 
byonp danke. an hundred op nde Cailes of ſhippes 3 who commonly beginne the fibing in Appl, and haue ene 
ded by July. That fih is large, al wapes met, hauing no and neere to die, and is callen Copre fh, 
ip decent mn mern entgegnete gt h Dp the olsen 
5 u a fowle houering ouer the ſame, 
1 ay Teh 3 4 by ie men and ting bpon the lea. ee 1 
pon Tueldap the 11 of June, we loꝛſooke che coaſt of England. Bo againe Tueſda 
ah ra 228 of July (ſeuen twecks after) we got fight of 2 —— A as 
LEA abt of of fomeother great bap: the certeintp tnberof we could not iudge, ſo great hale and fogge did hang 
vpon the coat, as neither we might diſcerne the land well, nop take the Sunnes height. But by 
our belt contputation we were then in 51 degrees of latitude, 
1 Ay dos A 3 1 coatt (nothing appearing vnto vs but hideous rocks 
0 9 5 a an ene herb D 
it eben 12 p greene herbe) we followed the coaſt to the South, 
d an Iſland named Penguin, ofa fomie there breeding in abundance, almoſt in: 
credible, which can not flie, they wings not able to cartythey body, being bery large (not much 
leſle then a goofe) and exceeding lat: which the French men vſe to take without difficulty vpon 
that Bfland, and to barrell them by with (ale. But for lingering of time we had made vs there the 
like pꝛouilion. 
f Trending 


June 11. 


June 13. 
Oblerue. 


Inne 5. 


land and a 
named 
Penguin. 


Sir Humfrey 


Trending chis coa 
+ the mainestoche Sou 
Heh goeth in a grea 
the Swallow againe, 
vherof it feemed che 
ted not to caſt vp into 
albeit himſelfe was v 
delert: who for the me 
lund being pirats and 
and another with fale, 
was the fame ſhip nor 
fromthe General) the 
low the lame compa 
tonlenting to their mi 
und appꝛobation ot h 
tooke ceuenge vpon t 
thefe went vnder prot 
Therfore vpd furth 
home after the fithing 
tedof victual, and chic 
Admiral thev beſoug 
migbt be ſpated, che r 
charge to deale fauoza 
vitales and the meno 
patue out elſe what! 
miſchiefe) as they tool 
fea, and certaine of t 
whom they had befons 
+ afterward of the pon; 
home ( whither hep 
vengeance not long 
the world Gods iudg 
Chus after we ha 
anaintt the harboꝛ cal 
fore the entrance into 
Engliſh marchãts (tl 
of lichermen within t 
meeting both of che S 
readp our fights,¢ pr 
being within of alln 
to giue them knowl 
for his voyage he har 
trance (which is but 
boord fide by great o 
the ſhoare, where ne 
chants to helpe vs ir 
which tower offehe! 
Vauing taken pl 
ting abooꝛd our Adr 
fete of Engliſhme 
all fatiffien when tb 
tothe bebalfe of p ct 
tegions requiring 
karte as couuenient 
wherol, he made offi 
they ſbould demaun 
dition of his demam 
millto them. alter y 


bert. Sir Humfrey ¶ilbert. of the Engliſh nation. 686 


ett . 
haber Trending this coaſt, we came tothe Alland called Baccaleu, the fame not paſt 2. leagues from 
beeleuenth ' rr South wheroflieth Cape S. Francis, 3. leagues diſtaut fromm Baccaleu, berwene rand Bata, 


nt b goeth in a great bap hy the vulgar fore callen the bap of Conception. e me met with teu, of re 

neogene of the Swallow againe, whome we bad loſt in the fogge, and all her men 1 9— in otherapparclls 3 
oder be fone wherofit ſeemed their Boze was fo amended, that for ioy ¢ cõgratulation of our meeting they {pa 
p many of ted not to calt vp into the atre and ouctboogd, their caps and hats in good plentie. The Captaine 
cbſlanding albeit himſelfe was verp honed and religtuus, yet was he not appotutcd of men to his humoz and 
reinfertek pefert s tubo fop the molt part were ſuch as had bene hy vs ſurpꝛiled vpon the narrow (eas of Eng: 
could ne⸗ lund being pirats, and had taken at that infant certaine Frenchmen laden one barke with tines, 
bem forth: and another with fale, Both which we reſcued, ¢tooke she man of warre with all her men, which 
nas the fame (hip nom called the Swallow, following Mill their kinve ſo olt, as (being ſeparated 
of the molt from the General) they found oppoztunitie to robbe and ſpoile. And becaule Gods iuftice did fol 


aceof Vice lot tye lame companie,cuen to deſtruction, and to the duerthꝛow alſo of the Captaine (though not 
tonlenting to their mildemeanoz:) J wil not conceale anp thing that maketh to the manifeſtation 
uud appꝛobation of his iudgements, fo examples of others, perſwaded that God moge tharpelp 
tooke ceuenge vpon them, and hath dollerated longer as great outrage in others by howe much 
thefe went vnder protection of his cauſe and religion, which was then pꝛetended. 
Therfore vps further enquirie it was knowen, how this company met with a barke returning 
home after the thing with his fraight: and berauſe the men in the Swallow were very neere (can: dn of them m 
ted of victual, and chiefly of apparel, doubtful withal where oz when to finde and meete withtheir d anon 
Admiral they beſought the captaine they might go aboo w this Newlandcr, onlpto boom mhat 
night be (pared, the rather becauſe the lame was bound home ward. Leaue giuen, not without 
charge to deale fauozably they tame abooꝛd the fiſherman, whom cheprified oftachle, ſailes, cables, 
vitailes, and the menof their apparel: not ſparing by tozture (winding coꝛds about their heads) ta 
nawe out elſe what they thought good. This done with expedition (like men Chilfull in ſuch 
mifchiefe as they tooke their cocke boatto goe abooꝛd theit owne (hip, it was duerwhelmed in the 
lea, and certaine of theſe men there do wned: the reſt were pꝛeſerued euen by thole ſeely ſoules 
whom they had before ſpoiled, who ſaued and deliuered them aboow the Swallow, hat became 
' afterward of the pome Newlander, perhaps beſtitute of ſailes ¢ furniture ſufficient to carp them 
home ( whither they had not leſſt to runne then 750. leagues ) God alone knoweth, who tooke 
pengeance not long alter of the ret that efcapen at this inſtant, to reueile the face, and iullilieto 
the woꝛld Gods iudgements inflicted vpon them as ſhalbe declared in place conuenienc, 
Thus after we had met with the Swallow, we held on our courfe South ward, vntil we came 
againtt the harboz called S. Iohns, about 5, leagues from the former Cape of S. Francis: where bes 
fore the entrante into the harboꝛ, we found alſo the frigate o S quirril lying at aucre. Mhome the engtith hips 
Engliſh marchãts (that were ¢ al wayes be Admirals by turnes interchangeably ouer the fleetes art 33 
oflihermen within the fame harboꝛ) would not permit to enter into the harboz. Glad ol fo happy miraisoros 
meeting both of the Swallow and frigate in one day (being Saturday the 3. of Ouguſt) we made Ff tod 
ready our fig hts,¢ prepared to enter the harboz / any refittance to the contrary notthfanding, there the Soup 
being within of all nations to the nomber of 36 fallen. But ürſt che General vifpacched.a boace pans l 
to giue them knowledge of his comming loꝛ no ill intent, bauing Commiffion from her Maieſtie 
for his voyage he had in hand, And imme diatly we folowed with a ſlacke gale, and in the verp ens 
tance (which is but narrow, not aboue 2. buts length) the Admiral fell vpon a rocke on the laces 


9 bond fide by great ouerſigbt. in that the weather was faire, the rocks much aboue water falt by 
ueſdaythe the ſboate, where neither went any fea gate. But wee found ſuch readineſſe in the Englilb Mar. 
Brand bap, chants to helpe vs in that danger, that without delaye there were byought a nomber of boates, 
edid hang which tower offthe ſhip. and cleared her of danger. mi 
t. Butbp bung taken place conuenient in the road, we let fall ancres, che Captaines ¢ matters repats 
ting aboord our Admiral: whither alſo came immediatly the Watters and owners of the lilbing 
dus rocks lette of Engliſhmen to vnderſtand the Generals intent ¢ cauſe of our arrival there. They were 
e South, all ſatilſied when the general bad ſhewed his tõmillion x purpoſe to take pofleffion of thofe Lands 
tothe behalfe of p crowne of England, x the aduantement of Chultian religion in chofe paganih 
almott in: regions, requiring but their la wil apd foz repairing of his fleete x ſupply of ſome neteſlaries, ſo 
(not much karre ag conueniently might be afoarded him, both out of that ¢ other barboys adioyning. In lieu 


ulty vpon hero, be made offer to gratiſle them with any faucz e priviledge, which vpon theit better aduile 

a chere the they ſbould demaund p like being not to be obteined hereafter for greater price. Bo crauing expe · 

dicion of his demannd, min ding to pocecd further louth wout long detention in thoſe parts, be diſ⸗ 

Trending Milled them alter ppomile giué ene to latiſtie ſpeevil his fo W 
qq 


687 l he voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


The marchants with their Maſters departed, they taulcd forthwith to be diſcharged all the great 

Oꝛdinance of their flecte in token of our welcome. 

ann“ It was further determined: that euery Cup of our fleece ſhoulu de liuer onto che marchants and 

hth match Maſters of that harbour, a note ofall their wants: which done, the Hips al well Engliſh as aran. 

im Klein fund Pers, were cared at an eaſie rate to make ſupply. And befives,Commillioncrs were appointe,pare 

laid. ok our owue company, and part of theirs, to goe into other harbours adiopning, ( fo) our Eng hth 

marchants commaund all there) to leauie our prowifion : whereunto the Poꝛtingals (aboue other 
nations) did moſt willingly and liberally contribute. Inſomuch as we were snefences (aboue our 
allowance) with wines, marmalads, moſt fine rufke oz bifket,{ineet oples,and fundgp delicacies, 

Alſo we wanted not of freth ſalmong troutes, loblters and other freſh hth bought daply vnto vs. 

Mozeouer, as the maner is in their fiſhing, euery weeke to choofe their Admirall a new, op rather 

they fucceed in oꝛderly courſe, and haue weekely their Admirals feat folenmizen: euen ſo the Ge: 

neral, Captaines and matters of our fleete, were continual ly inuited and keaſted. To growe thot, 
in our abundance at home, che intertainment had bene de lightlul, but after our wants and tedious 

; paſlage thꝛough the Ocean, it ſcemed mope acceptable and of greater contentation, by bow much 

Mehe Sent dhe ſame was vnerpectev in chat deſolate corner of the worldes where at other times olthe perre, 

part of Rewe wilde beaſles and birds haue onely the fruition of all hole Countreis, which now ſeemed a plate 

FOUNDIAND- very populous and much frequented, 

Augun 4. The next moꝛning being Sunday ep 4, of auguſt, che General ¢ his company were bꝛoughe 
on lande by Eng liſh marchants, who ſhewed vnto vs their actuſtomed walkes vnto a place they 
tal the Garden. But nothing appeared moꝛe then Mature it ſelfe without art: who tonfuledly 
hath bꝛought foozth rofes abundantly, wilde, but odoziferous, and to ſeuſe very comfoptable, Allo 
the like plentie of ralpis berries, which do grow in euery place. 

Auguſt 5. Munday folowing the General had his tent ſet vp, who being accompanied with his owne fel: 

Poſteſion tas lowers, ſummoned the marchants, and matters, both Eng liſh and rangers to be pefent at his 

den. taking polſelſion of thoſe Countreis, Before whom openly was read ¢ interpreted bneo the ſtran⸗ 

gers, his Commiſſion: by vertue whereof he tooke poſſeſſion in the fame harbour ol S. Iohns, and 

200, ltagues cuery wap, inueſted the Queenes Maieſtie with the title and dignitie thereof, had 


Good enter⸗ 
tainment in 
Neu found 
fand 


deliuered vnto him (after the tuſtome ol Cngland)a rod anda turffe of the lame ſoile. entring pol ⸗ 


ſeſſion allo fo him, his heires and allignes for euei: And ſigniſied vnto al men that from that time 
foꝛward they ſhould take the fame lande as a terricopie appertaining to the Queene of England, 
and himlelfe authorized vnder her Maieſtie to pollelle aud enioy it, And to oꝛdeine lawes loꝛ the 
gouernment thereof, agreeable (fo neere as conueniently might be) onto che lawes of England: 
vnder which all people comming thither hereafter, either to inhabite, op hy way of trafique, ſhould 
be ſubietted and gouerned. And eſpetially at the fame time for a beginning, be poled anddeline: 
hier Lawes, rcd the làwes to be in force immediatly. That is to fap: the firk for Religion, which in publique 
exertiſe ſhauld be attoꝛding to the Church of England. The 2. fo; maintenance of her Maieſlies 
right and poſſeſſion of thoſe territoꝛies, againſt which if any thing were attempted preiudiciall,che 
partie o; parties offending ſhould be adiudged and executed as in caſe of high creafon,accopding to 
the la wes of England. Che 3. ik any perfon ſhould vtter words ſoun ing to the diſbonour of her 
Paietkie he ſhoulo looſe his eares, and haue bis (hip and goods conſiſcate. 
Theſe contents publither,cbedience was pꝛomiled by general voice ¢ conſent of the multitude 
alwel of Engliſhmen as ſtrãgers . pꝛaying ko tõtinuance of this poſſeſſion ¢ goucrument begun. 
After this, the alſemblu was dilmilled. And after ward were eretted not farre from that place the 
setuall porte’ Armes of England ingrauen in lead, ¢ inſtxed vpon a pillarof wood. Pet further ¢ actually to 
neh mgleme ettablith this poſſeſſion taken in the rigbt of ber Maieſtie, x to the beboote of fir Humfrey Gilbert 
foundiand. knight. his heires anvallignes for tuer: the General grauntev in fee farme diucrs parcels of land 
lying by the water five,both in this harboz of S.Iohns,¢ elf where. which was to p owners a great 
tommoditie, being therby aſſured by their pꝛoper inheritante ) ol grounds conuentent to dꝛeſſe and 
to dꝛie their fh, whereof many times beloꝛe they did faile, being preuented by them that tame irſt 
into the harbor. Foz which grounds they did cournant to pay a certaine rent and eruice vnto fir 
Humfrey Gilbert, his heires op allignes fon euer, and yeerely to mainteine polleſſion ofthe fame, 
bythemſelues oꝛ their alſignes. * 
Now remained only tocake in pꝛouiſion graunte d, artoꝛding as euery ſhippe was tared which 
chen appoin dib liſh vpon the coaſt adioynm g. In the meane while, che Generall appointen men vnto their 
nm charge: ſome torepaire and trim the ſhips, others co attend in gathering together our pply and 
prouifions: others, to fearch the cõmodities and ſingularities of the countrey, co be lou . d bp fea 07 
land, e to make relation vnto the General what either themſelues could knowe by their obne 2 
u 


Sir Humfrey 


maile sana e 
quented e coal 
tofitrep exactly grade 
abpiefe deſcription of 
and fuch alfo as are in 
plate that were mawi 
Quniral : wherefore ! 


Abs 


Che cõmon opinion 
mol ſome part it may 
tries of Europe, whicl 
ofthe cline, chat che 
lie vnder the climats o 
ſo much differ from the 
the Otean ¢ Harpe w 
Abere the mountain 
title and rigoʒ of tbe fe 
the more ſubiett to colt 
not in Newfound lan 
the mountaines aret 
which commeth to pa 
in the countreis lying 
tents che valleis alſo e 
in Newfound land: ¢f 
not be fo forcible in the 
4 50 howe mut! 

part) dꝛy land an 
vhereby his motion i 
the tontrarp, he pattct 
naweth and carieth w 
Inthe Sunnes reuerl 
Roꝛthward. Neu U 
46.47. md 48. (clipe 
allo there are very 
there be certaine beat 
ſeene not heard of in 
Tae ee ¢ 
found the 


parts, aboue thar wit 
N Ruſſia: pet are the 
tommoditie of 2 


tote 
lache Newfound! 


bert. 


the great 


pants and 

as fran: 
inted part 
r Engliſ 


eda place 


ehrougle 
place thep 
onfuledly 
able. Allo 


owue fol 
ſent at his 
the fran: 
ohns, and 
ereof, had 


tring pel⸗ 


that time 
England, 
ves fop the 
England: 
ue, ſhould 
mo deliue⸗ 
ipublique 
Maieſlies 
diciall the 
cording to 
wur of her 


multitude 
ne begun. 
tplate the 
actually to 
y Gilbert 
els of land 
rs a great 
deſſe and 
tame lirſt 
ce vnto fir 
the fame, 


red which 
vnto their 
Apply and 
d by fea 07 
‘otvne tra 

uaile 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. of the Englith nation. 688 
naile and experience, 0; by gol intelligence of men Eug lilh oz ſtrangers, who bad longelt free 


quented the fame coat, Allo ſome obferued the eleuation of the pole, and dyewe plattes of the 
folttrep exactly graded, And bp that J could gather by ech mans ſeutral re lation, Z haue awen 
abpiefe deſcription of the Ne found land, with the commodities bp ſea 0 lande alreadp made, 
and ſuch alfo as are in pollibilicie and great likelpboone tobe made: ¶Neuerthe lelle the Cards and 
plats that were da wing, with the dre gradation of the barboꝛs, bayes x capes, did periſh with the 
Quinival : wherefore in the deſcription falowing, J mult omit the partitulers of ſuch thing s. 


A briefe relation of the New found land and 
commodities thereof. 


bat which we vo call the Newfound land, anv the Frenchmen Bacalaos, is an Iſland, pewfouny 
aki Mage, 02 tather(after the opinion of fone ic confitterh of ſundzy Allands e broken lands, ituate 7 L 
ache Roh regions of America, pon the gulfe ¢ entrance of the great riuet called S. dienen lanhs. 
‘ Laurence in Canada, Into the which, nauigation may be made both on the South aud 
Horch ſide of this Alland. The land lieth South ¢ Nonth, tontapning in length berwene z. and 
c eee from * * 1 . is in 1 5. min, ) vnto the Grand bay iu 52. 
deg ol Deptentrional latitude. The Ffiand round about hath very many goodly bayes and har: 
bons, fafe roaves for (hips, the like not to be foun in any part ot the knowen woꝛld. 2 
The cõmon opinion that is had ol intemperature t extreeme cold that ſhould be in this coũtrep, 
mol forte part it may be veriñied, namely the Noꝛth, where J grant it is moze cold then in coun· Ae wtonnd 
tries of Europe, which are vnder the fame eleuation: euen ſo it cannot ſtand with reaſon ¢ nature land habit · 
ofthe cline thas the SDouch parts ſhould be fo intemperat as the bzute bath gone. Foz as p ſame vo bie 
lie vnder the climats of Britton, Aniou. Poictou in France, betwene 46. c 49. deg. ſo can they not 
ſo much differ from the temperature of thole countreis: vnleſle vpon the outcoaſts lying open vnto 
the Decan ¢ Harpe winds, it muſt in deede be ſubiect to moge tolde, then further within the land, 
Abere the mountaines are interpoſed, as walles and bulwarkes to defende and to reliſt the aſpe · 
titie and rigoꝛ of the ſea and weather. Some holde opinion, that the Newfound land might be 
the moze ſubiett to cold, by how muchit lieth high and neerebneo the middle region. J graunt, that 
notin Newfound land alone, but in Germany, Italy ¢ Affricke,euen vnder the Equinoctial line, 
the mountaines are extreeme cold, and ſeldome vncouered of ſnolm, in their culme ¢ higheſt tops, 
which commeth to paſſe by the fame reafon that tbey are extended to warde the middle region: pet 
ia the countreis lying beneath them, it is found quite contrarp. Cuen ſo al hilles hauing their diſ⸗ 
tents che valleis alſo and low grounds muff be like wiſe hos op temperate. as the clime doethgiue 
ta Neufound land s though A am of opinion that the Bunnes reflection ig much toaled and can. Fang gut, 
not be fo fozcible in the Newfound lands, no generally throughout America, as in Europe op Af- , 
fricke : by howe much the Sunne in his diurnal courte from Ealt to Wretk, paſſeth ouer (loꝛ the 
imoft part) dpp land and ſandie countries, before hee arriueth at the Uiet of Europe op Affricke, 
whereby his motion increaſeth heate, with litle oz no qualification by mopf vapours. IUhere, on 
the contearp, he paſleth from Europe and Affricke vnto America auer the Otean, from whence it 
naweth and carieth with him abundance of mopſt vapours, which do qualiſie and infeeble great: 
ipthe Sunnes reuerberation vpon this countrey chiefly of Newfound land being fo much to ti. 
Noꝛthward. Neuertheles (as F {aid before the cold cãnot be fo intollerable vnder che latitude of 
46.47. and 48. (eſpetially within land) that it ſhould be vnhabitable, as ſome doe ſuppoſe, ſeeing 
allo there are very many people more to the Noth by a great veale, And in theſe South parts 
there be certaine beatts,ounces of leopards, x birds in like maner, which in the Sommer we haue 
ſrene, not heard of in countreis of extreeme and vehement coldneſſe. Belides as in the moncebs of 
June, Julp, Auguſt ¢ September, che heate is ſome what morc then in Eng land at thoſe ſeaſons: 
fomen temayning vpon the South parts neere vnto Cape Nace, vntil after Dollantꝰ o, hare nut 
found the cold fo extreme. much differing from the temperature ol England. Thoſe which 
baue artiued there after Nouember ¢ December, haue found che ſnowe exteeving derne whereat 
mu marurile, conſidering the ground vpon the coat. is rough e vneuen, and che ſuow is miuen into 
the places mot declmiug, as the like is to be feene with vs. The like vepe of ſnow bappilp ſhall 
not be found within lande vpon the plainer countreis, which alſo are defended by the mountaines, 
hheaking off the violence of winds ¢ weather. But admitting extraoꝛdinary colde in thoſe South 
parts, About tha with vs Here sit can not be fo great as iu Sweueland, much leſſe in Mofcouia 
i Ruſſia: yet are the ſame councreis very populous. and che rigq of colde is diſpenſed with by the 
commovitic of Stoues, warme clothing meates and dzinkes: all which neede not to be wanting 
inthe Newfound land ff we had iutent there a oR 30 
1. 2 0 


r 2 „ GO i x 


im > 


eX a. — = N — — & re - c r — — 2 bd r i . Oe 7 
= N f LQ TONITE r r rr 
N * oe ad N es ;: i 4 , 
6 5 3 N „ aD . — R 


689 The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


In the South parts we found no inhabitants, which by all Uhelpboove haue abandoned chofe 


Commodities 


— 


abune 
Bantlp fe; art 
and indmitrie. 


toaſtes che fame being fo much frequented by Chritians : But in the Noyth are fauages altoge: 
ther harmeleſſe. Couching the commodities of this Cauntrep, ſeruing either lan futtentation of 
inhabitants, on fo2 maintenance of traſique, there are ¢ hap be made diuers: that it feemeth Na⸗ 
ture hath recompenfen that only deſert and incommonitie of Come ſdarpe cold, by many benefits: 
iz, Mith incredible quantitie, and no leſſe varietie of kindes of Ath in the ſea and freth waters, ag 
trout s, ſalmons e other lich to vs vuknowenꝛ Alſo cobde, which alone dꝛaweth many nations thi: 
ther and is become the moſt famous fithing of the wozld. Abundance of whales oz which alſo is a 
verp great trade in p bayes of Placentia ¢ Grand bay, where is made Trane oyles of the whale: 
Herring the largeſt that haue bene heard ol, and exceeding the Malſtrond herring of Norway:but 
hitherto was neuer benefit taken of the herring fiſhing. There are ſundꝛy ocher li verp delicate, 
namelp the Bonito, lobſters turbut, with others infinite not ſoug ht afters Opſters hauing peorle 
but not opent in colour: Bcooke it by reaſon they were not gathered in ſeaſon. 

Concerning the inland commodities, aſwell to be dꝛawen from this land, as from the exceeding 
large Countries adiopning here is nothing which our Cal aud Noꝛtherly countreis of Europe 
doe peeld, but the like alſo may be made in them as pleutifully by time and induſtrie: Namely, 
rolen pitche care, ſoapeaſhes, dealboo d, maſtes fo; ſbippes, hides. furrts, flare, bempe, copne, cas 
bles coꝛdage, linen cloch, mettals and many moze, All which the Countries will afoarde, and the 
ſoyle is apt to peelde. 

The trees fop the mo iu thole South parts, are firretrees, pine and Cypele, all peeling 
gumme and ne. 

Cherrie trees bearing fruit no bigger then a ſmall peaſe. Allo peare ti ees but kruitleſſe. Other 
trees of (ome fortes to vs vnknowen. N 

The ſaple along the coaſt is not deepe of earth, bringtug fooꝛth abundantly peafon (mall, pet 
good feeding foz cattle. Roles palling fweete, like vnto our mul ke roſes in foꝛme, raſpaſes, a ber. 
tie we call hurts, good and holtſome to eate. Che graſſe and hearbe doth fat ſweepe in very thoyt 
ſpace. poued hy Engl merchants which haue caried (heepe thither fop freth vitaile,e had them 
raiſed exceeding Fat in leſle chen z. weckes. Nealon which our countrepmen haue ſowen in the time 
of Map, baue come vp faire, ¢ bene gathered in the beginning of Augutt, of which our Generall 
had a pꝛeſent acceptable fog the rareueſſe, being che ſirſt fruits comming vp by art and induſtrie in 
that deſo late and inhabited land. 

Lakes 02 poles of frech water, boch on the toppes of mountaines and in the valltis. In which 
are ſaidto be muſkels not vnlihe to haue pearle, which J had put in triall, ik by miſchanct falling 
vnto me, J had not bene letted from that and other good experiments J was minded co make. 

Foule both of water ¢ land in great pleutie and diuerſitie. Al kinde of greene foule: Others as 
bigge as buſtards pet not the lame. A great white foule called of ſome a Gaunt. 

Upon the land diners fares of haukes, as laulcons, and others by reyoꝛt: Martridges moſt plen- 
tifully larger then ours gray and white of colour. and tough footed like doues, which our men ale 
ter one light did kil wich cougels, they were fo fat and vnable to ie. Birds fome like blackbirds, 
linnets , canary birvs and others very ſmall. Beaſts ol ſuudy kind, red deare, buttolfes op a beaſt 
it ſeemeth by the tract and foote very large in maner ol an oxe. Beares, ounces oꝛ leopards ſume 
greater ¢ fome leſſer, wolfes ſoxes, which to the Naꝛthward a litle further are blacke, whole furre 
is eſteemed in ſome Countreis of Europe verp rich. Otters beuers, marternes: And in the opini⸗ 
on of mow men that law it, the General had brought vnto him a Sable aliue, which he ſent vnto 
bis bother Sir Iohn Gilbert knight of Deuonthire : but it was neuer deliuered, as after J vnder⸗ 
Tood. Me could not obſerue the hundeth part of creatures in thoſe vnhabiten landes: but theſe 
mentioned map induce vs to glopifie che magnificent God bo bath ſuperabundautly replenithed 
the earth with creatures (eruing forthe vle of man, though man bath not blen the Gift part of the 
fame, which the moze doch aggrauate the fault and foolith louth in many of our nation, chuſing ta 
ther toliue indirectiy, and very miſerably to liue and die within this Realm neſtered with tuba 
bitants, then to aduenture as b men, to obteine a habitation in thule remote landes, in 
Which Nature very pꝛodigally doch miniſter vnto mens endeuors, and fog art to wozke 1 — 

Fa; beſtdes thele already recounted anv infinite moe, the mountaines generally make ie wi of 
mineral lubſtante: Iron verp common, lead, c forse where copper, I wil noc auere of sicher met 
tals: albeit, by the circumſtance following, moze then hope may be concciuen thereof, 

Foy amongſt other charges giuen to inquixe out the Gngularicies of this countrex, che Genes 
ral was moſt curious in the {earch of mettals, commanding the minerall man 
ciallp to be diligent. The ſame was a Saxon heme, heneſt, and neligious, named Daniel. . 

a 


Sir Humfrey 


after learch bꝛougbe at 
nest time be found oars 


protettation, that 
ree toes wu 
dente vnto bim as che 
it fell not out atcoꝛdin 
My ſelke at this inl 
of dur refiner 


de haue already done 
haue ſent it aboozde, u 
harbor: being here bot 
any bꝛuite op mu 

re, we map return 
tenting me well: tobe 
land, and pꝛoceede tot 


the bett 

of matters fo 
lotting of milc hiele. 
the Generals and. 
nented. Others mew 
luden with fh ſettin 
woods to hide | 
peparted from the cos 
nother our company 
much as alter we had 


a Captaine,M 
Pin nto the Delight, 
petvated and comutite 

The General ma 
twas amongſt chem tt 
couer vpon the coat 
doe. Therefeze the 
baſes and {uch mall 
laletie of her and then 

owe hauing mal 
Squirrel, and put abo 
ſweete ovles: beſides 


uit we had bene ina 
Me depatted frow 
foun by exact obleru 
et Cape Race, 25 les 
is Cape lpeth 

about halle aleague: 
is ealily knowen: It 
Under this Cape 

to take codde, and dye 
after we fedde 

From hence we ff 
alle directly to Cap 


balfoisa 
he whalt: 
prwayꝛbut 
v delicate, 
ng peorle 


de, and the 
peelding 
le Other 
mall, pet 


les, a bers 


enilbed 
a ofthe 


Sin Humfrey Gilbert. of the Englifh nation. 690 


diss ares bog e of onc, fern rartes coke rem chen scbec meal The 
Weges dhe frre tere e ren 
proteftatton, uer ng which latiſlie the General wers, peut 
there it was aduiling bim to feeke no further: che perll whereof hee vndertooke vpon bis life (as e 
peate vnto bim as the Crowne of England vnto her Maieſtie, that A map vle brs owut wopdes) if 
it fell not out accopdingly, 
Mp Celfe at this inflant Liker to bie chento liue, by a miſchante, could not follow this confivent 
opinion of our refiner to my otune ſatiſtaction: but afterward demanding our Generals po 
therein,and to haue fome eat ofthe ware, be vegliths Condens pens ttecy bent bene p 
qeereit but to fatiffie my pring pew gsc frigate pF a hana tev — 
ud neceſlitle, to bing alſo the South countreis within compalle of my Batent (neere expired) as neatons whe 
toe hatte alreabp done theſe Forth parte woonelp perl hende me further. And touching the oak, A fiene 
haue ſent it abooꝛde, thereof I would haue no ſpeach to be made ſo long as we remaine within made fa che 
harbor: being here both Portingals, Biſcayes and Frenchmen not farre off, from whome mut be dur nun 
re bpulte Op muttering of fuch matter. Ahn we are at fea proofe halbe made sit it be to our 
we map returne the fooner hither againe. Thole anſwere J tiudged reaſonable, and cone 
emting me well: wherrwich Iwill concluve this narration and veſcxiption of the New found- 
land and proceede to the teſt of our voyage, which ended tragically, 


Wee tye comment ſeriouſiy occupied in repairing our wants, andcontriuing 
ol mateers fop the commodttie of our voyage: others of an other fort ¢ dilpoſition, were e i ene, 
lotting ol milchiele. Dome caſting to ſteale away our tipping by night, opopcunitic Sour come 
ee Geta opens iio ie Gare: wif eee Wer were pre 
uented, pry one et gti company, and caried apap out of the ret rh 
tab ogre the pooze men on ſhoare. A great mauy more ped 9a ftole into the 
vos to hide en, attending time and meanes to returne home bp as dayly 
VVV pone meanes 
n other our company was diminithed, and many by the Geuerall licenſed to returne home. Jule 
ana eee pete ke den ende of our voyage, we grewe {cant 


have to furntth all . it ſeemed good chereloꝛe vnto the General to . 

be {pared in tranfpopting bome the ficke ou 
he aya of the Delig ton Admiral es Gate it ete wag ap- Sonbrr 2 
Captaine, Maurice Browne, befope Captaine of the Swallowe: whe alfo brought with nun — . 
Pen tote Delight, all his menof the Swallowe, br ary bene noten of outrage per: 1 0 

petrated and committed bpon ſiſbermen there mette — Des 
Che Oenerall made choile to goe in his 3 “ae fe Sei ,( thereof the Captaine allo dach outrage, 

¢ 


teas among ft them that returned being mul conuententto dil „y ur u. 
couer vpon the coal, and to ſearche into eee a great ſbippe coulde not 4 went 
doe. Therefire che frigate was preparen wich ber nettings and fixhes, and ouer chargen wich tut. the frigate, 
bafes and fuch ſmall e. more c ddewe, then with ludgementte ſodeſet vnto che 

fafetie of her and the men w # anoccaffon allo of chert ouertinoto. 

Noe hauing made ready gut den ne the golden Hinde,anpebe 8 
Squirrel, and put abooꝛde our pꝛouiſion fifhe wette and die, rhe Poltin⸗ 
ſweete oples: beldes many ee ee figs, ymmons, barrelled * like: Allo sais. 
wee had other pꝛouiſions for ttimming our ſhippes, nettes and lines to fithe withall, 
boates o; pinneſſes fic fo) diſtouerie. In byiefe, wee wert fupplied ol our toants canmmodiouſip. 
as if we had bene in a Countrey en fome e of all things. 

We veparted from this harbour of S. Iohns vpon Tueſbay the — ol dene, which we 2. 
found by l eee e anche nept bap bp nighe toe nere 2 
t Cape Race, 25 leagues from che fame harboꝛough. 

is Cape lpetch South Wouthweſt from S.lohnss it is a low land, being off from the Cape 2 
about halle aleague: within the lea, tileth vp a tocke againt che point of the Cape, which thereby dun. 
is ealily knowen: It is in latitude 46. deg. 25. min. 

Unberchis Cape we were beralmen a inal time, during tobich tne Lapde out bookes and lines Sid unge 
r 1 » the fo large and in ſuch abundance, chat many and nen, 
bapes alter we no 

.. ͤ——. if comaententtpi¢ tou fo fallout, 
alle virectlp to Cape Britton, 

Qaq 3 Sabla 


Cattel in 
of Sabla. 


verp happy tidings, to haue in an Illande lying fo neere vnto the maine, which 


Good laile. 


Auguſt 22. 


Auguſt 29. 


591 


The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


Sabla lieth to the Meatward of Cape Britton about 25. leagues, whither we were determined 
to goe vpon intelligence wet bad of a Portingall, (during our abode iu 5. Iohns, ) who wag 
himſelle prefent, when the Portingals (aboue 30. peeres paſt) did put into the fame Illande 
both Neat and {wine to bꝛeede, which were inte exceedingly multiplien, This oe vnto vs 
wee intended to 
plane vpon, ſuch fore of tattel, whereby we might at al times conucniently be relicuen of victual, 
and ſerued ol Roare lo bꝛeesp. bet 

In this courſe wee trender along the coat, which from Cape Race ſlrettheth into the Royth 
welt, making a baye, which fome called Trepafla, Chen goeth out againe towarde the Meſt and 
maketh a point, which with Cape Nace lie iu maner Catt and Weft, But this point inclineth to 
the Noꝛthꝛ to the Meſt of which goeth in the bay of Placentia. Ne ſent men on land to take view 
of the ſoyle along this coatt, whereof they made goon report,and ſome of them had will to be plans 
tedthere. They ſawe growing peaſe in great abundance euery where. 

The diſtante betweene Cape Race, and Cape Brigonis 1 00. leagues. In which Nauigation 
we ſpent d. dayes: having many times the wind indifferent good, yet could we neuer attaine fight 
of any land all that time, ſeeing we were hindered by the currant, At laſt we fel into ſuch flats and 
dangers, that hardly any of vs eftaped: where neuertheleſſe we lof our Admiral with all the men 
and pꝛouiſion, not knowing certain ly the place Pet for inducing men of ſkill to make conietture, 
by our courfe and way we held from Cape Race thither, Andthereby the flats and bangers may 
be inferten in fea Cards, oz warning to others that may follow the fame tourſe hereaſter: I haue 
fet downe the beſt reckonings that were kept by expert men, William Coxe Spates of the Hind, 
and Iohn Paul his mate, boch ol Limehouſe. 


Reckonings kept in our courſe from Cape Race towards 
the Ifland of Sabla, or (ape Britton, to the time and 
5 place where we loft our Admiral, 


Weft, 14. leagues. 

Weſt and by South, 25. 

WeltNorthweft, 25. 

Weft North weſt, 9. 

South Southweſt, 10. 

Southweſt, i 12. 

South Southweſt, 20. 

Welt Northweft, 12. Here we loft our Admiral, 


Summe of thefe leagues, 117, 
The reckoning of John Pant Mafters mate, 
from Cape Race. 7 


Weft, 14. leagues. 
Northweft and by Weft, 9. a 


Southweft& by South, 5. 
| WeftandbySouth, 40. 

WeftandbyNorth, 7. 

Southweſt, 3. 
Southweſt, 9. 

South weſt, 7. é 
Weſt Southweſt, 7. pe rh: toda he 
Northweſt and by Weft, 20. Here we loſt the Admiral, 
Summe of all theſe leagues 121. 


Dur courte we heldein clearing hs ol tbelt fits bus Matt Southeast, aud Buch 
eatt, and South 14. leagues with a marueilous {cant winde. . The 


Sir Hamfrey 
Th 


Pon Tewiſdape t 
V facto — 
grees, 
Menſdaꝝ towards 
contr 
tall, Deprived of pow 
holde other 


alle 


waies, . 
Che eueuing was f 
of this Aenſday nigt 
Delight, continuedin 
Connets, Haughtbope 
(all Kue ls. a 
Cowards the enen 
harping pron, hauing 6 
onthe prot, but could r 


. 
dy lame night, which f 
Thurſday the 29.0 
Pe bringing withall raine 
betimes in the moꝛning 
mongeſt which, wee fo 
ganne to ſownd: but fh 
ned ( in his iudgement) 
trp any land, it being v 
though the haſe andth 
Immediatlptokens 
greater hippe and ol b 
that they knewe not che 
Admirall ſtroke a grou 
whereupon the reſt (th. 
taſt about Eaſt ſouthen 
that wa / carried vs ta 
thome, then fiue fatho 
then but tinee kathome 
fome delpaire tu lea wi 
Jntbis diſtreſſe, w 
power to giue the men 
faue themſelues either 
pelenting themſelues 
blemeanes. But alli 
the next, we hene bp at 
od hap we might eff 
This was a heauie 
great pronifion; gathe 
was the loſſe of our m 


home was dee mer 
Budzus , who of pieti 
ton in the Latine tong 
rie, to the honour ol 0 
and rare Poet of our tin 
here alſo periſhed t 
mongt fore ot vs int 
No leſſe heauie twas 


Miemal 11 


treete @ 
dettrained, who ſheined 


Sir Hoifrey Gilbert. of the Englith nation. 692, 


The manner how our Admirall was loft. 


Pon Cewſvape the 27, of Augult, towardthe evening our Geucrall cauſtothem in bis ftir anguſ. ay. 

— —— fachome , beeing then in latitude about 44. des : 
8. . 

. nigte,che wine came Doth, ann we bare with the lande all that nigh, 28 

Melt noꝛchweſt, contrarie to the minde of Maſter Coxe: neuertheles wee followed the Arnie 

all, Deppiuen of power to auoide a milchiefe , which by no contradiction coulde be bꝛought to 

holde other courte, alleaging they could not make the ſhiyye to wonke better, nop to ipe others 

waies. . 

Che eueuing was faire, and pleaſant, yet not without token of Moyne to enſue, and moll part Wudictions 
of this Aenſday night, like the Dwanne chat ſingeth before her death, they in the Abnurall, o deforerbe - 
Delight, continued in founding of Trumpets, with Dummes, and Files: alſo winding the wach- 
re. in the ende ok their iolitie, Left with the battell and ringing of doles soft 
fallkitels, : 

Cowards che euening alfo,we caught in the Golden Minde avery migbtie WPorpofe, witha 
heping Pron, hauing Giri Griken diuers ol them, and bꝛoug ht away part of their fleſhſticking bps 
onthe von, but could retouer onely that one. Theſe alfo palling though the Ocean, in heardes, 
pid d tome. I omit to recite frivolous repoꝛtes by them in the Frigat, of ſtrange vopces, 
the lame night. which ſtarred fome from the helme. N 

Churſdap the 29. of Auguſt, the winde roſe, and blewe vehemently at South and by Call, 29 
binging withall raine, and thicke miſte, that wee could not ſee a Cable length before vs. And seth often 
betimes in the moꝛning, wee were altogether runne and folded in amongett flats and ſandes, a ⸗ Abnurall. 
mongeſt which, wee found ſhoale and deepe in euery dee oz foure ſhippes length, after wee bee 2 
ganne to ſownd: but ſirſt wee were vpon them vnwares, vntill Patter Coxe looking out,vilcer: 
ned (in his iudgement) white rliffs, crying (lande) wuthall. though we could not afterward def 
cp any land, it being very likely the breaking of the fea white, which {cemed to be white cities, 
though the haſe and thicke weather. 5 5 

Immediatlytokens were giuen vnto the Delight, to caſt about to Heaward, which, being the 
greater {hippe and of burden 1 20. tunnes, was yet foꝛmoſt vpon the beach, keeping fo il watch, 
that they knewe not the danger, before they felt the fame, ton late to recoucr it: fop pꝛeſently the 
Qomirall ſtroke a grunde, and had ſuone after her ſterne and binder partes beaten in peeces: 
thereupon the reſt (chat is to fap, the Frigat . in which was the Generall and the Golden Minde 
cat about Galt fo bearing to the South, euen fo2 our lines into the windes eye, hetauſe 
that wa carried vn ta Sea ward. Making out from this danger, we ſownded one while ſeuen far 
thome, chen fiue fathome, then foure fathome and leſſe, againe deeper, imme diatly foure fathome, 
then but tine farhome, the fea going mightily and high. At lak we recouered (God be thanked / in 
fome deſpaire to (ea roome enough. } 

Jnthis diſtreſſe, wee had vigilant eie wntocthe Admiral, whom we ſawe caſt away, without 
power to giue the men ſuctour neither could wee c ſyie any of the men that leaped ouer booꝛd to 

faue themſelues either in the ſame Pinnefle op Cocke, op vppon rafters, and ſuch like meanes, 
peſenting themſelues to men in chole extremities: ſo we belived to Laue the men by euern paſſi. 

ble meanes. But all in vaine, fith God had determined cheir ruine: pet all that dap and part ot 
ee 7 eee pollible fo, vs. looking out, if by 
goodbap we might elyie any of them, ae ee. i 1 ' 

Chia wg heauie and grituous cuent, to loſe at one blowe our chiele Oyippe fraigheen with 
Etat pꝛouiſian, gathered tagether with much trauell, care, long time, and vificultie .. But more 

was the lolſe of dur men, which periſhed to che number aloft ol a hundzeth loules. Amongelt 

Whore was we ume a learned man, an Hungarian, boye in the Citie of Buda, callen checeof Pudeus: 
Budeus, tubo of pietic and sealeco good attemptes, abuenturedin this action, minding tore: m tua. 
cond in the Latine tongue ; the gets and things worth of remembzance, happening in this dil 

uerie,to the honour of our nation the fame being adozned with the eloquent Mileof this, Dratop, 

and rare Poet of our time. ; 20267 

here alſo periſhed our Maxon RefineranvDilcoucrer of iueſtimable riches, as it was left a Daniela rene 
Monat ſome of ys in vndoubted hape. boii cane 262 f max 

oo leſlẽ heauie was the eee Brownies gan ig ig A 
beftrained, who fhetven dane efron refsines au tiber buprepared fo; death, as by * 


A ‚ , . e . ͤ 
a TN RO aR. 


peat 
Ta 


turne hams as 
Gaine. 


693 


ſuch was 
out wine, fo ſixe 


Cauntes infers 
cing bs ta res 


The voyages and difcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


of this tragedie appeared, by texo of them that eſtaped this 22 > as 
hereafter declared, Foz when all hope was paſt of recoucring ings uth rived ——— 

lues, the e mas aduiſed beſope to aifo fon bislife bp the 
4 i g chat counſell, mould ne gine with the 
lirſt to leaue the hippe, but vſed all meanes to exhoꝛt his people not to bn to lenue off 
their labour, choling ratber to die, then to iucurre infarc, by foplaking bis charge, which then 
mig bt be thougbt to haue perithen thou his delault, San eee 
leauing the ſbippe Girt humſelfe. Mith this minde he mounted vpon the higbelt decke, beh. 
attended imminent death and vnauoidable: bow long, J leaue it to God, tho ee 
bis consfone from bis amm at fach cine. 


e 
rage ol fea and windes, deſtitute of loode, nat fo much as a dioppe of 3 co burt 
ming overcharged in foule . . companie, Edward Headly a baliant ſouldier, am 
repubedol bis companic, preferring the greater to the pay ar been — of them pe pee 
rithen chen all, mabe this motion co caſt loca, and them to be thhotwenoter board vpon twhom the 
e bich otherinaies ſermed impolſible to live, offered himfelfe 
with che firit,content to take his abuenture gladly s which neuertheles Richard Clarke, chat was 
Patter of the Admirall and one of this number,refulen, aduiſing to abide Gods pleaſure, tho 
was able to laue all, as well as a fewe. 
be boate was carried befope the winde, continuing fire daies ann nights in the — 

arriutd at lad with the men (aliue. but ) the New found land, ſauing that the 


tweake) vppon 
ſalde Headly, (ho had bene late ficke) and an other called of vs Brafile, ot bis teeulle th 
Smee comer, ven by the wap enter 


and leſſe able to holde aut, then thole of better health. Foz 
nee poge mens extent e and tet, to haue no better ſuſtenance then theit 


together. 

Thus whome God deliuered frommowning. bee appointed to be kamiſhed, who doch giue li⸗ 
mit to mans tunes, do dainechthe manner and circumfance of dying: whome againe he will 
peſerue neither ea, non famine, can conſoumd. £ 07 thole that arriued vppon the Ne we founde 
land, were bought into France by certaine French men then being vpon that coat, 

After this heauie chance, we continued in beating the fea vp ¢ do wue expetting when the eas 
ther would cleere vp, that wee mighe pet beate in with the land, which we lungen uot farre off, ei⸗ 
cher the continent oz fome land. Fo we many times, and in — . — 
470 ebene comming vpon out lead, beeing fometines one lande, 


ground 
broad (hell bath a little fandabout it. 
e weather continuing thicke and bluſie 
eee eee e 
0 
a ep yorker ney ineuitable, tf the winde blewe harde at „ Dome ag 
Bape of S. Laurence, the coat full of ee N 
Waren ſcum, and hope of ſupply was gone, with Lolle of our Admi⸗ 


Pi eee agra "ee ee 
Mhereupon they befougheche General to returne for England, defone perithes. 
eb aby ri Sip ele Aap their mouthes, 
to their clothes thinne and ragged: then immeniatipehep allo ol 1 — 
beot eetirne pt an bie do returne 
reaiond bang eo monentbe General to beg henne ien. 
home he lawe iro want of good will. hut of meanes fitte to che action they came fo re 
folued vpon retire : and calling to the Captaine anv Matter ofthe Hinde, he peelbed them many 
reafons inforcing this vnexpected returne, withall procetting himie ice greatip ſatiſlied with that 
he had ſeene, aud knew alreavy. 
5 3 thts phony wiry pha | yt et 
tt yon foorth royally the next ning feud home. Sherefore J 
let vs no longer ſtriue here, where we light again® the elements. 


eee bee Che ca ee bee 


Sir Hummfrey ( 


teoke it fo Bonum On 


Che wind was large 
asthe Frigat wherein t 


gune is to be imputed v 
{nour returne. 
41 

foote, which be hurt! 

1 bl 


night, chat we migtt 
teeatedto tarry in the h 


dubtles being ſome ma 
lim: pet by er 
pnto him in the Ne we 
1 not able to containe } 
ter the miſtarr ying of tf 
(salt ol New found lan 
tertaine things: amo 
time he could neuer 
ine ſo neere at band. 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert, of the Englifh nation. 694. 


. m mp oneor 
ve reaſons, pouing an accom 
piith the action at that timt. f tuas conclupedon all banbs to ete," * 

Do vpon Watur day in the aſternoone the 3 1. ol Auguſi, we chaunged our courfe and returned gun zl. 
backe for Eng land, at which very infant, turn in winding about, there paſſrd along betwerne 
Wandtewardathe land we now fhſbobe. a very Konto dur ſteming, in Hope, bare and colour, 5 e. t 
ut ſ winning after the maner of a beat by moouing of his leete, but rather ſliding vpon the twa: 
ter with bis whole body (excepting the legs) in fight, neither pet Dining vnder, and againe riling 
abouc the water, as the maner is ol TMAbales, Dolphins, Cuniſe, Poꝛpoſes, and all ocher Ath : but 
couftrenclp ſhewing hinmſelle aboue water without hiding : Notwithſtanding, we pꝛeſented our 
lelues in open view and geſture to amaſe him, as all creatures will be commonly at a ſudden gaze 
nd ſight ol men. Thus he paſled along turning his deade to and fro, pawning and gaping wide, 
with dug lie demonſtration of long teeth, and glaring cies, and ta bidde vs a farewell (commi 
sight againſt the binde) he ſent ſoolth a hoprible vopcc,roaring on bello wing as doeth a lion, uhu 

we all eheld fo farre as we were able to diſterne the fame, as men pone to wonder at 
query Grange thing, as this doubt leſſe was to {ce a lion in the Ocean ſea, ox liſh in ſhape of a lion, 
hat opinion others had therenk, and chiclly che generall himſelfe, J fopbeare to deliuer: But he 
teoke it to Bonum Omen, rtiopting that he wat to warte againſt fuch an enemie if it were che 


duell. 

Che wind was large fo} England at our returne, but very high, and the fea rough, inſomuch 
asthe Frigat wherein the Generall went, was almoſt {alowed vp. 

Mundap in the after noone we paſſed in fight of Cape Race, hauing made as much way in li⸗ September 2. 
fle moze then two dayes aud nights back againe, as before we had done in eight dayes from Cape 
ſuce, vnto the place where our ſhip periſhed. Thich hinderance thitherward, and ſpeed backe w 
gune is to be imputed vnto the ſwift currant, as well as to the windes, which we had more large 
nour returne. ; 

Chis Hunvap the Generall came abood the ind, to haue the Durgeonof the Hind to nelle . 
his foore, which be hurt bp creating vpon a naile: At what time we comfored tach other with bope 
hard lutteſſe to be all paſt, and of the good to come. Do agreeing to carry out lights al wates by 
night, that we might keepe together: he Departed into his Frigat, being by no meanes to be ene 
teeatedto tarry in the hund, which had bene moze for his ſeturitie. Immediatly after, followen a 
Garpe foie, which we ouerpalſed faz that time. Paiſed be Gov. 

Che weather faire, the Generall came abooꝛd the inde againe, to make merrie together our lan con- 
with the Captaine, Pater, and compante, which was the la meeting, andcontinued there from ference with 
ning onto night, During which time there paſled fundpp diſcourles, touching affaires pat, 

md to come, lamenting greatly the loſſe of his great ſhippe, nore of the : eu but mot of all ol bis 
bookes and notes, and what els J knowe not, ſo which he was out of meaſime grieued, the fame 
wubtles being ſome matter of more impoꝛtance then his bookes, which J could not Nawe from 
lim: pet by circumſtance gathered che lame to be the dare which Daniel the Baron han bougbt ne 
into him in the Ne we found land. Ihatſoeuer it was, the touched him fo deepe, odlerued in 
s met able to containe himſelfe , he beate bis boy in — euen at the fame time ſo long al. our Generar, 
ter che miſtarrying ofthe great ſhip, becauſe vpon a faire dav, when we were becalmed vpon the care to de ofa 
teatt of New found land,neeve unto Cape Race, he ſent his boye aboozd che Admiral, to fetch ner Ms. 
tertaine things : amongſt wie h, this being chiefe, was pet forgotten and leſt behind. Aſter which 
eee tould „ fend againe abooꝛdthe great Gip , much lefle he doubted her rue 

o neere at hand. mi 

Derein my opinion was better confirmen diuerllp, and by fundyp toniectures, which maketh 
me haue the greater hope olthis riche mine. Foz whereas the Generall had neuct before gos 
conceit of chele nore partes of the woꝛzld: now his minde was inbolly lirtd vpon Newe founde 
land. And as Before he refulen not to grant alſignements liberally to them that requiredrbefaime 
tata theſe noꝛth partes, Now he became contrarilp affected, tefuſing to make any ſo large grants, 
tipetially of S. Iohns, which certaine Engliſh merrhants made fuitefop, offering to emplop theit 
money and trauell vpon the ſame: pet neither by their atone ſuite, no of others of his oume cone 
panic, whomte be feemed willing to pleafure,ic could be obtained. * 

Alo laing do dene bis determination in the Dpring lollowing, kon vifpoling of bis bovage 
then tobe reattempted: he alligned the Captaine and Batter ofthe Golden imd, vnto che auth 
ifcouerie, and referued vnto himſelfe the north, affirming that ther bopage han tonne his heart 
from the fouch,and that he was nom become anozeinen man altogether. 148 


3 
* 


8 2 1 „„ ons . . eo” Gay a a ar 2 
id * 
8 i de Gita Me e e om 


- nw 
VY 


Sir Humfrey G. 


taine went a land to inquit 
papptlp haue bene before 1 
hard furcefle,whome che ¢ 
ſes of all occurrents in th 
fon particularly, iu diſcha 
poe, holding himſe lle latiſ 
of his bꝛochers ſaletie, offe 
ung to haut his Barke b 
beipe to tom her in. 

Aeuertheles, when the 
tutry man to his home: a 
munded money to carry ti 
barke ſhould be carricd inte 
benefice of the wind then fi 
Captaine,and great eale v 
= = Reafon accompanied w 

caufe of his ſudden departi 
the Golden Hind departed 
nes of fo vnpꝛoſitable a vo} 
id labour, hard diet. and c 
les. by his great charges .i 
doubt ed prouidence foll 
whoſoeuer haue confidenc: 
powerful hand and protect 
u which he leaueththem, a 
iltheir ruine. 

Euen ſo, amongeſt ver} 
natalitie. ſpoilings, and v 
fothore a time map be ſup 
in map be collected, and 
ſuppont this companie. (ol 
tze reſt kept together in re 
the voyage, which none e 
umts oꝝ pꝛeuented by dea 

bus haue F deliuerei 
might faithful ly. foꝛ fo mu 
though he be ertinguifher 
pole by all pretence honest 
wice of God, and Chꝛiſtian 
poſſeſſed by Chpitians, ar 
which,as his ʒeale deſe 
geſumption (rather) in tr 


695 The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Humfrey Gilbert. 


any further. And theſe lat words he woulvoften We ith Demon tivation of grec feruencicof 


be witnefles of his wondes and pꝛoteſtations, which ſparmgly J haue delivered, 
Leauing the iſſue of this good hope vnto God, tubo knotwech che trueth only, and can at his good 
ee hing the ame to lighe: J will halten tu the ende of this tragedie, which mutt be knit vp 

the perfon of out Generall, And as it was Gods oꝛdinance vpon him, euen fo the vehement 
the General. petſwaſion and intreatie of his friends could nothing auaile, to diuert bim from a wilfull refoluri: 
on of going cough in his Frigat, which was ouercharged vpon their deckes, with fights, net 
tinge and fmall artillerte too cumberſome fo fo ſinall a boate, that was to paſſe though the Oct · 
an fea at that ſtaſon of the petre, when bp courſe we might expect much ſtoꝛme and koule weather, 
whereol in deede we had enough. 

But when he was intreated by the Captaine, Malter, and other his well willers of the binde, 
not to venter in the Frigat, this was his anſwere: J will not fopfake my little companie going 
home ward, with whome J baue palled ſo many ſtoꝛmes, and perils. And in very trueth hee was 
vnged tobe fo ouei hard, by hard repopes given of hun, that he was afraid ol the ſea, alben this was 
rather raſhneg, then aduiſed reſolution to preferre the winde of a vaine report to the weight of bis 


A tonen ora 
gon mind. 


refetute and Hoche 4 Fir, when yet there w 
Sean the fame ſpeeche, well beſceming a ſouldier, reſolute in Leſus Chit, as J can teſtilie hee mſelected, neither any dei 
oa theles,be bath was too prot 


timploy both his andthe 
tke his aſſociats were pꝛo 
which pleaſed not God to 
Derondly, wben by his 
bis , as it do 
which God migbt raiſe be 
ming the caufe pactendedc 
— mae 4 
to pꝛoceede, is 
Betweene exttenities, be 
dai, xefuſed not to enterts 
in the ſucteſſe thereof ha 
But luch is che infinite l 


* 


Sir Humfrey Gilbert. of the Englith nation. 696 


—— 
tune went a lund to inquire if chere had bene any newes ol the Frigat, which lalling weil, might 
dappily haue bene before vs. Alfotocertifie Sir lohn Gilbert, byocher vnto the Generall of our u gt morion 
darm ſuttelſe, whome the Captaine deſired ( while his men were pet abooꝛd bin, aud were witnel> Su or ee 
les of oll octurrents in that vopage,) It might pleaſe him to take the examination of cuery per · y Gubess, 
fon particularly, in diſcharge of his and their laithlull endeuour. Mir lohn Gilbert teſuſed fo to 
poe, holding hintielfe latiſlied with report made by the Captaine: and not altogether delpairuig 
of his bꝛochers ſafetie, offered frien dſhipye and curtefie to the Captaine, and his companic, re qui 
ung to — 5 Barke bꝛought into the harbour: infurtherance whercof, a baate was ent to 

to tom ber in. 

Heuertheles, when the Captaine returned abooꝛd his ſbip, he founde his men bent to depart, 
tutry man to his home: and then the winde ſeruing to proceede higher vpon the coat: they de: 
nunded money to carry them home, ſome to London, others to Harwiche, and elle where, (i the 
barke Mould be carried into Dartmouth, and they diſcharged, fo karre from home:) oz elle to take 
benefice of the wind then ſeruing to dꝛawe neerer home, which ſbould be a lelle charge vnto the 
Captaine, and great cale vnto the men, hauing els farre to goe. 

2 = Reafan accompanied with neteſſitie perſwaded the Captaine, who ſent his lawſull excuſe and 

taufe of his ſudden departure vnto fir Iohn Gilbert, by the boate of Dartmouth, and from thente 
the Golden Hind departed, and tooke harbour at Waimouth. All the men tired wich the tedioul 
nes ol ſo vnpꝛoſitable a voyage to their ſeeming: in which their long erpence of time, much toile un in rrrom⸗ 
nd labour, hard diet. and contiuuall hazard of life was vnrecompenled: their Ceptaine neuerthe⸗ ene. 
les. by his great charges impaired greatly thereby, pee cumfonted in the goodnes of God, and his 
doubt ed prowidence following him in all that voyage, as it Doth alwaies thoſe at other times, 
whofocucr haue confidence in him alone. Pet haue we moze nere feeling and perſeuerance of his 
powerful hand and protection, when God doth bring vs together with others into one fame peril, 
12 leaueth them, and deliuereth vs, making vs thereby the beholders, but not pattakers 
oftheir ruine. 

Euen ſo, amongeſt verp many difficulties, diſcontentments mutinies, conſpiraties, ſickneſſes, 
mtalitie. ſpoi lings, and tacks by ſea, which were afflictions, more then in fo ſmall a Fleete, oꝛ 
fothore a time map be ſuppoſed: albeit true in euery particularitie. as partly by che foꝛmer relati· 
in map be collected, and ſome J ſuppꝛeſſed with filence, foz their fakes liuing, it pleaſed God to 
(apport this companie. (ot which onelp one man died of a maladie inueterate, and long inkeſted:) 
the reſt kept together in reaſonable contentment and concoꝛd, beginning, continuing, and ending 
the vopage, which none cls did accompliſh, either not pleaſed with the action, oz impat ient of 
wants.o preuented by death. 

bus haue J deliuered the contents of the encerprife and laſt action of fr Humfrey Gilbert 
might faithfully.for fo much as I thought meete to be publiſhed: wherein may alwaies appeare, 
chaugh he be extinguiſhed) ſome ſparkes of his vertues he remaining firme and reſolute in a pur: Contancteta 
pole by all pretence honeſt and godly, as was this, to difcoucr, polſeſle, and to redute bntothe fer: gure? 
wice of God, and Chniſtian pietie, thoſe remote and heathen Countries of America, not actually 
poſſeſſed by Chꝛiſtians, and mot right ly appertaining vnto the Crowne of England: vnto the 
which,as his ʒeale deſerueth high commendation: euen lo, he may iultly be taxed of temeritie and 
neſumpt ion (rather) in two reſpects. 

Fitſt. when yet there was onely pꝛobabilitie, not a certaine and determinate place of babitati⸗ gis remeraste 
onfeleceed neither any demonſtration of tommoditie there in eſſe, to induce his followers: neuer: and Fug 
theles he both was too pꝛodigall of his one patrimonie, and too careles of other mens cxpences : 
timploy both his and their fubance vpon & ground imagined good. The which failing, very 
ie his alfociats were pꝛomiſed, and made it their beſt reckoning to be lalued ſome other way, 
which pleaſed not God ta pꝛolper in his Grand great preparation. 

Decondly, when by his foꝛmer preparation he was enfeeblen of abilitie and credite to perfame 

bis as it were impatient to abide in expectation better oppoptunitie and meanes, 
which God migbt raiſe he thꝛuſt himlelfe againe into the ation. lo which he was not itte, meſu⸗ 
ning the tauſe pꝛetended on Gods behalfe, would carry bim to the deſſred ende. Into which, ha 
ting thus made reentrie, he could not peeld againe to wichdꝛaw, though he ſawe no encourages 
nent to pꝛoteede, leaſt his credite foiled in his firſt attempt, in a fecond fhould vtterly be diſgratev. 
Betwerne extremities , hee made a right aduenture, putting all to Ood and good fortune, and 
vlt, xefuſed not to entertaine eucrp perſon and meaues whatſoeuer, to furniſh out this expediti 
in ihe fuccelle whereof bath bene declared, i 

But ſuch ig the infinite bountie of God, who from euery euill deriuech good. Fon beſides eer 


chilbyen or 
Gov. 


(ie of ae 
fonnd 
oe is ftoje 
plaine and 
mpion 
Gtuntrep,as 


he great 
Rinne 
die, 


MMictions afflictions, both inthe preparation 
nerdefuli m the — before we noted to be in this Gentleman, and wade vnſauozie, and leſſe deligbtlull his 


frilite may growe in time of our tr tufotboie noxhweſt lands, the crofies, curmoties, and 
i Of this voyage, did coyrect che intemperate hu · 
other manifold vertues. ‘a 
Chen as he was refined,and made neerer mawing vnto the image of God: ſo it pleaſedthe de 
wine will, to teſume him vnto himſe lle, whither both his, and euery other high and noble minde, 
haue al waies aſpired. 


Ornatiſsimo viro, Magiftro Richardo Hakluyto Oxonij in 
(ollegio ædis ( hriſti artium, & Philofophia Magiſtro, amico, 


& fratri ſuo. 


mr) Non ſtatueram ad te ſcribere, cum in mentem veniret promiſſum literarum 
RZ tuarum.Putabas te fuperiore iam Iunio nos fubfecuturum, Itaque de meo fta- 


SAG doctote Humftedo certiorem te ficri iuſſetam. Verùm fic tibi non effet 
—, 


prima terra apparuit ad Calendas Auguſti, ad gradum circiter 50. cilmyletra 41. paueis antè 
diebus deſcendiſſemus ſpe Auſtralium ventorum, qui tamen nobis fuo tempore nunquam 
fpirauére.Infula eft ea, quam veſtri Penguin vocant, ab auium eiuſdem nominis multitudine. 
Nos tamen nec aues vidimus, nec inſulam acceffimus ventis alid vocantibus. Cæterùm conue- 
nimus omnes in eundem locum paulo ante portum in quem communi conſilio omnibus veni- 
endum erat, idqͥue intra duas horas, magna Deibenignitate & noftro gaudio.Locus fitus eftin 
Newfoundlandia, inter 47. & 48. gradum,diuum Ioannem vocant. Ipſe Admiralius propter 
multitudinem hominum, & anguftiam nauis paulò afflictiorem comitatum habuit, & iam du- 
os dyſentericis doloribus amiſit: de cæteris bona {pes eft, Ex noſtris ae ego me Mauricio 
Brownoveré generoſo juueni me coniunxeram) duo etiam caſu quodam ſubmerſi ſunt. Cæ- 
teri falui & longe firmiores. Ego nunquam fanior.In hunc locum tertio Auguſti appulimus: 
quinto autem ipfe Admiralius has regiones in ſuam & regni Anglię poffeffionem poteftatem- 
q vendicauit,latis quibufdam legibus de religione & obfequio Regine Angliz. Reficimur 
hoc tempore paulò hilarius & lautius. Certè enim & qualibus ventis vſi ſimus, & quam feſſi ef- 
fe potuerimus tam longi temporis ratio docuerit,proinde nihil nobis deerit. Nam extra An- 
glos, 20. circiter naues Luſitanicas & r r nacti in hoc loco ſumus: ex nobis impares 
non patientur nos efurire.Angli etſi ſatis firmi, & à nobis tuti, authoritate regii diplomatis om- 
ni obſequio & humanitate proſequuntur. Nunc narrandi erant mores, regiones, & populi. Cx- 
terum quid narrem mi Hakſuyte, quando preter ſolitudinem nihil video? Piſcium inexhauſta 
copia: inde huc commeantibus magnus quæſtus. Vix hamus fundum attigit, illicò inſigni ali- 


In the fomth quo onuſtus eft. Terra vniuerſa “ montana & ſylueſtris: arbores vt plurimum pinus: ex partim 


‘ confenuére,partim nunc adoleſcunt: magna pars vetuftate collapſa, & aſpectum terre, & iter 
euntium ita impedit, vt nuſquam progredi liceat. Herba omnes procera; fed rard a noftris di- 
uerſę. Natura videtur velle niti etiam ad generandum frumentum. Inueni enim gramina, & ſpi- 
cas in ſimilitudinem ſecales: & facile clita & fatione in vſum humanum affuefieri poſſe vi- 
dentur. Rubi in ſyluis vel potids fraga arboreſcentia magna ſuauitate. Vrſi circa tuguria non- 
nunquam apparent, & conficiuntur: fed albi ſunt, vt mihi ex pellibus coniicere licuit,& mino- 
res quim noftri.Populus an vllus fit in hac regione incertum eſt: Nec vllum vidi quiteftari pole 
fet.(Et quis quęſo poſſet, eim ad longum progredi non liceatꝰ) nec minũs ignotum eft an a- 
liquid metalli ſubſit montibus. Caula eadem eſt, etſi aſpectus eorũ mineras latentes pre fe fe- 
rat. Nos Admiralio authores fuimus ſyluas incendere, quo ad inſpiciendam regionẽ tpacil poe 
teret:nec difplicebatilli conſilium, ſi non magni incommodum allaturum videretur. Confir 
matum eft enim ab idoneis hominibus, cum caf quopiam in alia neſcio qua ftatione id acci- 
diſſet, ſeptẽnium totũ piſces non comparuiſe, ex acerbata maris vnda ex terebynthin uf cõ- 
flagrantibus arboribus per riuulos defluebat. Cœlum hoc anni tempore ita feruidum eſt, vt ni- 

fi pifces, qui arefiunt ad ſolem, aſſidul inuertantur, ab aduftione defendi non poſſint. * 

. qu 


— 
Parmentus le 


161 
quam frigidum fit,mé 
menfe Maio fexdecir 
eſſent inſulę: quarum 
em ita inueriam, vt 
te, vt conſentaneum e 
bule: Et in ipſo mari: 
angitur, & piſces capi 
bus in hoc loco, in A 
de üs quas petimus re 
mo neincaflum,Impr 
dum intelligere velim 
Reuera autem fpero,h 
ume tuum putes, & 
eatenus, vt tu quoqu 
nos ama. In New. 


Hav not purpoſed 
in June la 


1 thouln be aduertifen o 


Iwill write cherefore 
meditate nem mattcr: 
The 11. of June v 
wing che hauen and la 
ateſt, which the Ar 
we not byon wha 
tie ol July: at which 
fome of vs ſayled one 
Auguſt, about the lat 
degrees in hope ol ſo 
itte time. 

It is an Flanve wh 
hame, Pet wee neithe 
our cour ſe directed to 
hauen, whereunto | 
fpace of te. houres b 
tuated in JQewfound 
of Daine lohns: the 
nefle of his ſwippe, 
Company, which died 
Fiopned my felfe wit 
chance were down 
mage healthy. Tee 
polſeſſion of the Cou 
publiſhed certaine La 
5 this time our fart 


= 


— 


letter. 


Farmenitus letter. of the Engliſh nation. 698 


im frigidum ſit, magnæ moles glaciei in medio mari nos docuete. Relatum eſt à comitibus 

Motes, and . n totos inc kets fe inter tantam aciem hefiffe, ve 60. orgyas alte 
nperate hu · eſſent inſulę: quarum latera ſoli oppofita cum liquefcerent , | one quadam vniuerfam mo- 
igbelull bis lem ita inueriam, vt quod ante pronum erat, ſupinum cuaderet, magno prefentium diſcrimi- 
e vt conſentaneum eft, Aer interra mediocriter clarus eft:ad orientem fupra mare perpetuę ne- 

aſedthe de bule: Et in ipſo mari circa Bancum (fic vocant locum vbi N leucis a terra fundus ate 
ble minde, angitur, de pifces capi ineipiunt) nullus ferme dies abſque pluuia, Expeditis noftris neceſſitati- 
bes in hoc loco, in Auftrum (Deo iuuante) progrediemur,tantd indies maioti ſpe, quo plura 

deiis quas petimus regionibus commemorantur. Hecde noftris. Cupio de vobis {cire: ied mee 

12˙ tuo ne incaſſum. Imprimis autem quomodo Vntonus meus abſentiam meam ferat, preter mo- 
n dum intelligere velim: Habebit noftrum obſequium & officium paratum, quamdiu vixerimns. 
5 Reuera autem {perv hane noftram peregrinationem ipſins inſtituto vſui ſuturam. Nunc reſtat, 
nme tuum putes, & quidem ita tuum, vt neminem magis, Iuuet dei filius labores uoftros 

eatenus, vt tu quoque participare pofsis. Vale amicifsime, fuauifsime, ornatifsime Hakluyte, 


Hani &nosama, In Newfundlandia apud portum Sancti Iohannis 6. Auguſti 15383. 
e meo ſta- ; 


binon effet 

meditari & 

reucra tan- 

tis. Claſſis 

notum quo 5 i 
mus a 3. i 9 The fame in Englifh. 
bis ſeorſim 


dhe To the worfhipfull, Mafter Richard Hakluyt at Oxforde in 
> Nunquam . 4 1 
* Chrifts church, Master of Art, and Philofophie, his friend 
1 conuce and brother, 
mibus vem- : 
s ſius eftin purpoled to mite to you, when the promile of pour letters came to my mind: Hou 
ius proptet 5 — ein Sune lat 97 — followed vs pour felfe, and thertfope Thad left opder that pow 
»&iamdu- HAR thoutn be aduerti(ed of my tate, bp Satter Doctoy Humntrep: but fo pou would noc be Catiffied: 
e Mauricio J will wyite cherefoye to pou almod in the tues wopds, beceule q haut no leaſure at this time, to 
ſiſunt. Cx. matters, and to vary 0p multiply words. 5 
ppulimus: ern ee we ſet taple at length from Englande in good earneſt, and departed, leas 
oteſtatem- wing the bauen and lande bebinde vs at Plymmoutb : our Fleete confided of ſiue Hippes: che 
, Reficimur telt, which the Admirals bother had lene vs, withdzew ber ſelle from vs che third Dap, wee 
ram fff ef- we not bpon what occafion: with the relt wee fapled ill togtther till the thyee and wen 
vextra An- tie ol July: at which time our viewe of one another beeing intercepted by the great 7 N 
nis impares fome of vs ſayled one wap, and ſome another: to vs alone the fir lande appeared, the fürſt e 
omatit em- Auguſt, about the latitude of fiftye degrees, when as befoye wee bad deſcended beyonde 41. 
popull. Cr. Degrees in hope of fome Doutherly windes, which nocwithRanding neuer blewe to vs, at a 
inexhauſta up ficce time. ; 
infigni ali- Fis an Blanve which pour men call Penguin, bet auſe or the multitude of birdes of the fame 
rem partim HE tame, Det wee neither lawe any bitves, nop dpewe neere to the lande. the windes ſeruing fop 
ar 6s leet our courle directed to another place, hut met mete all together at chat place a little before the 
a noftris di- ben, whereunto by common Counſell wee had determined to come, and that within 15 
nine ei. I ere of tv. boures bp the great goodneſſe of God, and bo dur great top, Che place ia fl. 
ti poſle vi- tuated in JQewfound lande, betwweene foztic ſeuen and fortic cight degrees, called by the nae 
iguria non- Of Saint lohns che Admirall bim {elfe by realon of che multitude of the men, and the 1 
irre mino. nelle or his Cippe, bad his companp fomewhat lickly, and had all ready loft two of the ; 
iteftati pol Company, which died of the Flirt: of tbe rell wee tonttlüe good hope, Df our company ( 10 
3 Ilubned my felfe with Paurite Bowne, a very poper Gentleman) two perfons Sp m 
s prefefe- EA chance were motwnen, the reff ace in (afetie, and ftrong,anb fon mpne owne part A was ie 
c 1 mone healthy. @Cice arriucd at this place the third of Augull: and the fift the Admiral co 
ur. Co polleſſton of the Country, fer himlelfe and the kingdome of England: having made and 
— publithed certaine Kawes, concerning religion, and obedience to the Queene of England: 
6 i 8 it was before: fop in geod foorh, 
egen at this time our fare is fomewhat 3 Da eee 
un eit, ad f 

the experience of ſo long ame hath Arr. ‘what 


Stephanus Parmenius 
udeins,tuus, 


1 85 2 
„ . 


\ 7 


nt. Hyeme 
quan 


V —— 1 TY Ei TRA ̃ — sen 
699 The voyages and diſcoueries St.Parmenius letter. 


what great traueil we map endure bertatter: and cherefope we will take (ucyopoer, that wee 
will want nothing, foz we feunde in this place, about twenty Poztingale, and Spaniſbe 
{hippes, beſides the ſhippes of the Engliſhe: which being not able to matche va, ſuffer bs not 
to be hunger ſtarued: the Engliche athougb they were of them ſelues ſtronge vnougb, and 
fafe from our force , pet ſeeing our aucthoꝛzitie, by the Queenes letters patentes, thep ſhewen 
vs all manner of dutie and humanitie. 

The manner of this Countrey, and ptople remapne nome to bee ſpoken of, But what ſhall 

Flap, mp good Haklupt, when A fee nothing but a very wilderneſſe ? of fiſbe here is incre⸗ 
bible abundante, whereby great gayne growes to them, that traut l to theſe partes: the hooke 
is no ſooner thpowne out, but it is eftſoones dawne vp with ſome goodly Rites the whole 
Lande is full of hilles and woodes, Che trees ſe the mo part are Pynes and of them ſome 
are verp olde, and ſome pong: a great part of them beeing fallen by realon of their age, doth 
fo bynder che fighte of che Lande, and ſtoppe the wap of thoſe that ſeeke to trauell, that they 
cau got no whither: all the graſſe here is long, aud tall, and little differeth from ours, Je 
ſeemeth alfo that the nature of this ſople is litt fo; copnes for J founde certapne blades and 
eares in a manner bearded, fo that it appeareth that by manuring and ſowing, they may cafes 
lie bee framed koz the vſe of man: here are in the woodes buſbe berries, 02 rather Nrawe bere 
ries growing vp like trees, ol great ſweeteneſſe, Beares allo appeare about the fibers Nas 
ges of the Countrie, and are ſometimes killed, but they ſeeme to be white, as J conicctured 
bp their ckinnes, and ſome what leſſe then ours. TUbether there bee any people in this Couns 
trey J knom not, neither haue J leene any to witneſſe it. And to fap trueth who can, when as 
it is not poſſible to paſle any whither In like ſozt it is vnknowne, whether any mettals lye under 
the billes: the cauſe is all one, although the very colour and hue of the hilles ſeeme to haue ſome 
mpnes in them: we moned the Admirall to fer the waods a Hire, thet fo we might baue ſpace, and 
entrance to take viem ofthe Countrey, which motion did nothing dilpleaſe him, were it not lo 
feave of greatinconnentence chat might thereof inſue: foy it was repojted and tonſitmed by bes 
ric credible perſons, that when the like happened by chance in another Pont, the liſhe neuer came 
to the place reps Na {pace of 7. whole peres after, by reaſon of the waters made bptter by 
the turpentyne and roſen of the trees, which ranne into the ryuers vpon the firing of them, The 
weather is fo hot this time of the peere that except the very ſilb, which is layd out to be dyed by 
the ſunne, be tuery day turned, it cannot poſſibly be pꝛeſerued from burning: but how cold it is in 
the winter, che great heapes, and mountaines of pce, in the middeſt of the Sea haue taught vs: 
ſome of our company repopt,that in Map, they were ſometimes kept in, with ſuch huge pee, fo 
16. whole dayes together, as that the Illands thereof were thꝛeeſcoze fathomes thicke, the fives 
whereof which were to warde the Dunne, when they were melted, the whole malle oz beape was 
fo inuerted and turned in manner ol balancing, that that part which was beloze downe ward role 
vpp warde, to the great perill of thoſe that are netre them, as by reaſon we map gather. The ape 
vpon land is indifferent cleare, but at Sea tswardes the Cal there is nothing cls but perpetual 
mines, and in the Mea it {elfe, about the Banke (fo ſo they call the place where they find ground 
at fourty leagues diſtant from the ſhoare, and where they began to fifhe) there is no day without 
rayne Cliben we haue ſerued, and lupplyed our nt cellitie in this platt, we pur poſe by the help ol 
God to paſſe towards the fouth, with fo much che moze hope euery dap, by how much greater the 
pi are, that are reponted of thoſe Countries, which we go to diſcouer. Chus much touching 
our eſtate. 

Nom A deſire te know ſome what concerning pon, but J feare in vaine, but ſpetially J deſire 
out of meaſure to know how my Patrone Malter Henry Umyton voch take my ablences mp 
obevience,and dutie (hall al waies be readie towardes dim as long as J litte: but in drede J hope, 
that this tourney ol ours halbe pꝛolltable to his intentions. It temayneth that vou thinke me to 
be ſlill pour, and ſu pours as no mans moze. The ſonne of God bleſſe all our labops, fo farre, 
an that von pour ſelle may be partaker of our blelling. Adieu, my mot friendly, mok (wette, 
ratz vertuous Waklupes In Mewlound lande, at Daint lohns Port, the fire of Augul, 
15 83. 


Steuen Parmenius of 
Buda, yours, 


, Richard Cla. 


A telatior. of 
called the De 
Humfrey 


at hand and vnknowe 
to go welt noꝛthweſt. 
fifteene leagues off, a 
Che Generall pon 
I would ſhewe mp fe 
becauſe bee prefenced 
of theclocke in ebe n 
the Generall went of 
Hippe caſt away men 
the lande fo, eyther o 
God woulde the day 
foule with bis piece, 
to recouer the foule, 
le in againe that r 
burthen one tunne a 
ofthe company could 
ap men as they could 
Chey happened on m 
led into che boate as 
tehearſe. And when 
had none: fop they dit 
ſen God, and looker 
beeing ſo litle and fc 
Hhippe to brooke bal 
nightes, and that w 
thing to belpe vs wi 
and fo went cuen as 
that put koopth this 
boate lyueth in the 
boate were not ouer 
fhoptett lottes wee w 
to him faping, no, : 
were good: 
was off the lande, an 
they were but chyeele 
in comfort, Thus we 
the weedes that wal 


— 


etter. 


that wee 
Spanithe 
er vs not 
ugb, and 
tp thewen 


tohat thall 
is incre⸗ 
the hooke 
he whole 
em ſome 
age, doch 
that they 
ours, Je 
lades and 
map cafes 
rae bere 
ithers fae 
miectured 
his Couns 
„ when as 
le vnder 
haue ſome 
{pace, and 
eit not fox 
ned by bes 
euer came 
bytter by 
them. Che 


ige pee, for 
e, the fives 
beape was 
eward role 
The apꝛe 
perpetual 
nd ground 
f p without 
the help ol 
greater the 

touching 


ly Adeſite 
bfences my 
de J hope, 
binke me to 
6, fo fare, 
of (weete, 
of Auguſt, 


of 


A felation. of Richard Clarke of Weymouth, maſter of the fhippe 


called the Delight, going for the diſcouerie of Norumbega with Sir 
Humſtey Gilbert 1583, Written in excuſe of that fault of caſung 
away the ſnippe and men imputed to 
his ouerſight. 


FG Eparting out of Saint Johns Harborough in the Pewfound land the 
A rwentith ol Augul vnto Cape Raz, from thence we ditcered our cdurſe 
pa unto the Ille of Sablon op the Alle ol Bande, which the generall Dir 
Yhumtfrey Gilbert woulde willingly haue ſeene. But when wer came 20.teaques 
‘Jd within twenty leagues of the Ille of Sablon, wee fell to tontrouerſie fom the 3s 
Not our courſe. The General came vp in his Frigot and demaunded of me 
ee 2 Richard Clarke Matter of the Admiral what courte was bel to keepe: 
FAV I SHA laid that we fourbtuett was bell: becaule the wind was at ſouth e nigbt 
at hand and vnknowen ſands lay offa great wap from the land. The General commaunded me 
to go weit noꝛthweſt. A tolde him agapne that the Ille ol Sablon was Wek noꝛthweſt and but 15.2 
fifteene leagues olf, and that he thoulde bee byon ehe Illand before day if hee went that courſe. 8d. 10. 
Che Generall ſayd my reckoning was bnerue and charged mee in her Maieſties name, and as Nerem Clarke 
would ſhewe my felfe in per Countrey to followe him that night, A fearing bis thncatnings, grip it un 
betauſe bee prefenced her Maieſties per ſon, did followe his connnaundement, and about ſeuen rr Sübert. 
oftheclocke in ehe momning the ſhippe ſtrooke on ground, where thee was cat away. Then epe mip car 
the Generall went off to Sea, the courſe that J would haue had them gon before and ſawe the dure de 
hippe caſt away men and all, and was not able to ſaue aman, for there was not water vpon in tbe 29 of 
the lande fo, eyther of them much lefle fog che Admirall that ewe fourteene foote, Nowe as Nügun 1587 
God woulde the dap before it was very calme, and a Souldier of the ſhippe had killen ſome 
foule with bis piece, and ſome of the company deſired me that they might bople out the boate 
to recouer the foule, which J graunted them and when they came aboopve they did not hoyſe 
le in againe that r“ ht. And when the ſbippe was ca away the boate was a ſterne being in 
burthen one tunne and an halle: there was leſt in the boate one dare and nothing els, Some 
ofthe tompanp could ſwimme and recoueted the boate and did bale in out of the water as mas 
u men as they could: among the reſt they had a care to watch lo; the Captaine oz the Malter: 
Chey happened on my ſelfe being the mall er, but could neuer fee the Captaine: Then they bale 
led into the boate as many men as thep could in number 16. whole names hereafter J will R 
tehearſe. And when the lixteene were in the boate, ſome had finale remembjance , and ſome dane“ SP 
had none: for they did not make account to liue, but to pꝛolong their lines as long as it pleas 
fev God, and looked euery moment of an bone when the Sea would eate them vp the boate 
beeing ſo litle and fo many men in her, and ſo foule weather, that it was not polſible fog a 
fhippe to brooke halfe a coarſe of Saple, Thus while wee remapned two dayes and two 
nightes, aud that wee ſawe it pltaſed God our boate liued in the Dea, (although wee had no» 
thing to belpe vs wich all but one bare, which wee kept vp the boate withall wpon the Sea, 
and fo went euen as the Sea would dpiue vs) there was in our companie one Batter Pedely aner wens 
that put fooxch chis queſtion to mee the matter. J bo (ce chat it Doth pleafe God that our . gen 
bonte lyueth in the Mea, and it may pleaſe God that ſome of vs map tome to the lande if our dtn. 
boate were not ouer laden. Let vs make lixteene lottes, and thoſe foure that haue the foure 
ſhoyteſt lottes wee will caſt ouer booꝛd, preferuing the Matter among vs all. I teplyed vn⸗ 
to bim faping, no, wee will liue and dye together. Matter Henly alben mee if my remem⸗ 
hence were good: J aunſwered J gaue God prapleit was good, and kucwe howe karte J 
was offthe lande, and was in hope to come to che lande within two oz tine dapes, and [apd 
they were but thꝛeelceze leagues from the lande, (when they were (euentic) all to put them 
in comfort, Thus wer continued the third and ſourth day without any ſuſtenante, ſaue onely 
the werdes that fwame in the Mea, and fale water to dꝛinkr. The fifeh day edly dyed and as 
nother mozeouer: then we defired all to die: to in all theſe Aug dayes and fine nights we fame the 
Munne but once ¢ the Marre but one nighe,it was fo foule weather. Chus doc did e the 6. 
dert then we wert very weake and wilhed all to die ſautng onlp mp ſelfe which did comte them 
and promilen they ſhoulde come ſoone to ee but the company wert verit 
tt 2 impo⸗ 


impoyunate,and were in Loubs they ſhould neuet come to land, but that J pꝛomiſed them 
wench dap thep ſpould come to thoare op els they ſpoulde cat me ouer boopd: which 2 2 
true the ſeuenth day, oz at eleuen ofthe clocke we had ſigbt of the land, and at three ok the clocke 
San eek at afternoons we came on lande, All theſe ſeuen dayes and ſeuen nights the wind kept continus 
land the 7, bap ally South. If the winde had in the meane time hitter vpon any other point, we had neuer come 
after tbett th to land: we were ne ſooner come to the land, but the winde came cleane contrarp at JOH within 
balfe an bower after our arriuall, But we were fo weake that one could ſtartely belpe another 
of vs out of the boate, yet with much a doo being come all on (hoare we kneeled downe vpon our 
knees and gaue God praife that be hav vealt fo mercifully with va. After wards thole which were 
drongeſt holpe their fellowes onto a freſh bꝛooke, where wee ſatillied our ſelues with water and 
Ce ſrntefii · berries very well. There were ol all ſoptes of berries plentie, and as goodly a countrep as euer J 
— 5 tet law we found a verp faire plaine Champion ground that a man might {ce very farte euery wap: 
a bp the Sea fine was here and there a litle wood with goodly trees as good as euer A lam any 
. in Jopwap, able to maſt any ſbippe, ol ppne trees, ſpꝛuſe trees, fire, and very great birch trees, 
Tiere we came on land we made a litle houte wich boughes, where we reſted all that nigbt. In 
the moming J deuided che company three and three to goe cuerp way to fee what foode they 
could find to luſtayne themſelues, and appointed them to meete there all againe at noone with 
ſuch food as they could get. As we went abooꝛd wee found great ftope of peaſon as good as anp 
wee haue in England: a man would thinke they had ben ſawed there. Ille refed there thee dates 
and thꝛee nightes and liued very well with peaſe and berries, wee named ehe place Saint Lau. 
rence, betauſe it was a berp goodlp river like the riuer of . Laurence in Canada, and we found 
it very fullof Salmons. Chen we had well reſted our ſelues wee rowed our boate along the 
thoare,thinking to haue gon to the Grande Bay to haue come home with fome Spaniards which 
are perely there to kill the Ahale: And when wee were hungry op a thirſt we put our boate on 
Land and gathered peaſe and berries, Thus we rowed our boate along the ſpoze fiuedairs: about 
wich time we came to a very good rxutr that ranne farre vp into the councrep and (awe very 
goonly growen trees of all foxces. Chere we happened vpon a ſhip of Saint lohn de Luz, which 
Fourteene € Hip hhought vs into Biſkay to an hardopough called The Paſſage. Che Malter of the Ohipye 
Deus ont of was our great friend o; eis we had bene put to death if he had not kept our counſayle. Fo when 
wing hv She dilicoys came aboopde,as it is the over in pain, they demaunding what we were, de ſayd 
of%d.lohnde pe were poore ſiſbermen that had caſt awap our ſhip in Newfoundland, and ſo the villtours tne 
* quired no mone of the matter d that time. Affoone as night was tome be put vs on land and bad 
vs ſpift fopour felues, Then had wet but tenne op twelue myles into France, which we went 
that nigbt, and then cared no: io the SPpanyard, And fo ſhoꝛtip after we came into England toe 
ward the end of the peere 1583, 


A true Report of the late diſcoueries, and poffeffion taken in the 


right of the Crowne of England of the Newfound Lands, By that valiant 
and worthy Gentleman, Sir Humfrey Gilbert Knight, 


VV herein is alfo briejely fet downe, her bighne/Se lawful! Title thereunto, and 


che great & manifold commodities, that are likely to prow therby,to the whole 
Realme in generall, and to the Aduenturers in particular, Toge- 
ther with che eaſines and ſhortnes of the Voyage, 


Written by Sir George P-cham Knight, the chiefe aduenturer, and furtherer of Sit 
Humifrey Gilbertes voyage to Newfound Land, 


The firft Chapter, wherein the Argument of the Booke is contained. 


uss my fortune’ (good Reader ) not manp apes pat, to mtete with s 

eee oni La “4 right bonet and diftreete Gentleman, * — that valiant and 

Seas} tworthy Right Wir Flumfiey Gülbett, in bis lalt loutnty for the CLieterne 

7 Us diltouerten, and is swoner and Capraine of the onely beſſell which is as pet 
* ) 3 

a Bp 


8 rtturned from thence, 


— 


Kr Humfrey 


TE 
By bim A did vnderſt 
lat paſt, with ſiue ſay 
foyfooke his compani 

Che other foure (t 
nen, in JRewfound lar 
Pariners of the Eng 
themſelues with fit, 
pis Commiſſion:whi 
nourably as did becon 
at they could, and ii 

Chen be went tov 
ind louldiers. They f 
that ſeaſon of the peer 
Fith ol fundpp foptes, | 
victuall an Armie, ar 
Realme right neceſſat 
place moze conuenien 

On Munday being 
an hill, in the biewe ol 
twtene thirtie and fou 
tlemen and other foul 
Engliſhmen as Spar 
then and there, in the 
of England ce be oper 
heires, and affiqnes, b. 
liberties and priuilens 
preter, he tooke poſſel 
a Curfe andreceiuing 
Lawe and cuſtome of 

Then he ſigniſied t 
were to liue in that lar 
be gouerned by fuch 
as might be ſhould be 
on, pꝛeſently he oꝛdein 

Fut, that Religtor 
Church of England. 

Che ſecond, that if 
teftie, her Crowne a 

The third, ik any h 
his eares, his ſbip and 

All men did very w 

Maieſties Armes to l 

glich men, made ſute v 

fandings e oping pli 

. actompt of, wb 
effion mainteined fo? 

difpofe of many thing 

And after their Miz 
want of men ſuflicien 
to proceede any furthe 

Ip, the Deligbe, wher 

returned immediatly 

Capeaine and owner, 

goe, ſe⸗ming to him 

Cle 2. day they t 

talmed, they tooke C 

there any of them bat 

centia, the Generall 


atin . — — 
ting. Sir Humfrey Gilbert. of the Engliſh nation. 702 


By bim A did vnderſtand, that S Humfrep departed the coat of England the elcuenth of June 
Nore und bat, with five laple of thippes from Cauthendap neere Plymouth, whereof one of the belt 
e clocke fefooke bis companie, che thirteenth day of che fame moneth,anvrecurned into England. 
A The other foure (though the alſiſtance of Almightie God) did arriue at Saint Johns Ha. Str umſgtr 
et come wen, in Newfound land,che third of Augutt laf. Upon whole arriuall all rhe Batters and chiefe u at Pam 
; Pariners of the Cnglith Fleece which were in the fapd Hauen before, endeuouring to fraught Jets Nauen 
themſelues with ith, repaired vnto Dir Vumfrey, whom he made acquainecd with che effect of 2 a” 
pis Commilſion: which being done, he ppomifed to intreate them and : heir goods well and bo f 
nourably as did become ber Maieſties Lieutenant. Chep did ail welcome bim in the beit (oye °° > 
shat they could, and chewed him and his, all (uch vourtefies as the place could alſdoꝛd 07 prelde. 
Then be went to viewe the Countrey, being well acrompanied with moſt of his Captames 
and louldiers. They found the fame very temperate, but ſome what warmer then Englande at 
dat ſeaſon of the pecre, repleniſhed with Bealts and great Nope of F oule of diuers kindes: And Among there 
urn Fib of ſundyy ſontes, both in the fale water and in the Freth, in io great plentie as might (uffice to (Per ide tract 
ire In pictuall an Armie, and they are very eaſily taken. Abat (undpp other commodities fog this Ma beak of 7. 
abe they Realme right vie hha fame doeth peelde, pou (hall vnderſtand in this treatiſe herealter, in Naikener. 
place moze conuenient, 
bas amp On onder being che At of Augwt che General cauten bis tent tobe fet pon the five of 
ce bales an bill, in the vie we of all the Fleece of Engliſb men and rangers, which were in number be · 
int Lau. 5 tweene thirtie and fourtie faple:then being accompanied with all his Captaines, Maſters, Gens 
ve found tlemen and other ſouldiers, he tauſed all the Paſters and principal Officers of the ſbips, alwel 
long the Englithmen as Spaniards, Poztingales, and of other nations, to repapre vnto bis tent: And 
ne which then and there, in the prefence of chem all he did cauſe his Commiſſion under the great Beate 
boate on of England te be openly and ſolempnely read vnto them, whereby were graunted vnto him bis 
: about beires, and aſſignes, by the Queenes molt excellent Mateſtie, many great and large ropaltieg, 
we very liberties and pꝛiuilenges. The effect whereof being fignified vnto the Arangers by an Inter⸗ 
2 which 
Shi right of the 


0} 15 gl Eren of 


be ſayd 
ours tits 
and bad 
we went 
gland toe 


— 5 — Ue oe - —— — =; 
2 ; igi mel et AG A Se ; = 7 . me © gt SH Fi aay a oT 7 
iS" ~* ez + 2 n * 7 0 5 7 ¥ “4p, * 2 
N a. * * a e * ¢ * . — 0 . „ —— 
2 . „ Ow OW. we Oo iw Nt am VI FRE VT he. oa 


in the 
fant 


— 


— 
3 * 2 


to, and 


thep 


UREA AT 
703 The voyages and diſcoueries Meſterne planting. 


they lapled along, ſeemed pleaſant. Ahereot his men at their returne gaue great commendati⸗ 
on, liking fo well of the place, as they would willingly haue ſtayed and winrren there. But bas 
uing the winde faye and good they proceeded on their courte to wardes the firme of America, 
tabich by reafon of continual fogs,at that time ofthe peere efpecially, they tould neuer (ee, till 
Cox Maſter of the Golden Hinve vi diſcerne land, and prefenclp lot fighe hereof againe, at 
wobat time they were all bpon a byeach in a great g outragious Ropme, hauing vnder 3. fatbome 
water. But God deliuered che Frigat ¢ the Golden Hind, from this great danger. Andthe Dee 
light in the pꝛeſente ol them all was loft, to their vnſpeakeable griele, with all their chiele bictu 
all, munition, and other neceflarp mouiſions, and other things of value not fit here to be named. 
Mbereupon, by reaſon allo that Winter was come vpon them, ¢ foule weather increaſed with 
fogs and miſtes that lo couered the land, as without danger of periſbing they could not appoch 
it: Sir Humfrey Gilbert ¢ h. Hays, were compelled much againſt their willes to retpre homes 
wards: And being 300, leagues on their way, were afterwards by tempeQuous weather, ſepa⸗ 
rated the one from the other, ehe ninth of Heptember lak, fince which time, M. Ways with bis 
Barke, is fafely arriued, but of Sir Dumfrep as vet, we beare no certaine newes. 
Upon this report together with my former intent, to mite ſome bpiefe diſtourſe in the come 
mendation of his ſo noble and woꝛthy an enterppife) J did call to my remembpance, the Pillo⸗ 
Vlntarch. rie ol Themyftocles the Grecian, who (being aright noble and valiant Captaine) ſignilled vn: 
bis Countrep men the citi;ens of Athens, that be had inuented a deuiſe fo, their common wealth 
very pꝛolitable: but it was of ſuch impoꝛtante and ſecretie, that it ougbt not to be reuealtd, beloe 
private conference had with fome particular prudent perfor of their choyſe. 

Che Achenians knowing Ariftides the Pbiloſopher, to be a man indued with fingular wife. 
dome and vertue, made chople of him to haue conference with Themyſtocles, and thereupon to 
ptelde bis opinion to the Citizens concerning the fapd deuiſe: which was, that they might {et on 
fice the Mauie of their enemies, with great lacilitie as be had layde the plot: Ariftides made re- 
lation to the Citizens, that the ſtratageme (deuiſed bp Themyftocies) was a profitable ppactife 
fo; the common wealth but it was dilhoneſt. The Athenians (without further demaund what the 
mt bead e 11 common conſent re iect and condemne it, preferring hone and bppight dea 

Kbekoze poate, 

By occafion of this Hiſtopie, I ewe my ſelfe into amope deepe tonſideration, of this late 
vndertaken ry a whether it were as well pleating to almightic God, as profitable to men: 
as lawfull, as it ſeemed honourable : as well gratefull to the Danages,as gainefull to the Chpie 
ftiang. And vpon mature deliberation, J found the action to be honeſt and profitable, and theres 
loze allowable bp the opinion of Ariftides if he were nowe aliue, which being by me hertin ſul 
ficientlp ppooucd,(as by Gods grace I purpoſe to doe) I doubt not but that all good mindes, 
will endeuour themſelues to be aſſiſtants to this fo tommendable an enterppife , by the valiant 

a. Jen and woꝛthy Gentlemen our Countrey men already attempted and vntertaken. 
Ten, Nowe whereas J doe vnderſtand that Sit Humfrep Gilbert his adherents, allociates and 
pu Seance friends doe meane with a conuenient ſupyly (with as much (peeve as may be) to maintaint, yur⸗ 
Wuuun fue and folow this intended vopage already in part perfourmed, and by che aMhitance of almigly 
2 aye tie God)co plant themſelues and their people in the continent of the hither part of America, bes 
125 tweene the degrees of 30. and 60. of ſeptentrionall latitude: ( Mithin which degrees by tom⸗ 
1 putation Aſtronomicall and Coſmograpbicall are doubtleſſe to be found, all things that be nes 
ceſſarie, pꝛolitable, o; delectable for mans life: Che climate mylde and temperate, neither tos 
Baits. bote NO? too tolde, ſo that vnder the cope of heauen there is not any where to be found a moße cone 
Land towel. uenient place to plant and inhabite in: which many notable Gentlemen, both lor our owne nati⸗ 
bam. . von and ſtrangers, (bo haue bene crauailers) can ceftities and that chole Countries are at this 
Dreangers Dap inhabited with Dauages (who haue no knowledge of God:) Is it not therefore (I fap to be 
john mis lamented, chat theſe pooe Pagans, fo long liuing in iqnopance ¢ idalatrie, and in fope thirfting 
alter Chpitttanitic , (as map appeare by the relation of {uch as haue trauailed in chole partes) 
2 that our hearts are fo hardened, that fetve oz none tan be found which wil put to tbeir helping 
a 0 Chee ane applic chemfelues to the relieuing of che miferable and etched cftate of theſe fillie 

oules, 

— Chole Countrey doeth (as it were with arme aduanced)aboue the climates both of Spaine 
nere. and Ftaunte, ftr etch out it (elfe towards — 1 — K type praping our ayde ¢ belpe, as 
der lt is nut onelp ſet fopth in Mercators gener all Mappe, but it is alſo found to be true by the 

2 uerie of our nation, and other ſtrangers, who haue often times trauailed vpon the fame coals. 
En Chiiſtophe. Columbusof famous memopie, the Girt inũtrumtut to manileſi the great sie 


Wefterne plar 


111 
un mercp of Almigh 
ons , bauing in purpo 
graundfather, Ring E 
pas not onely derive 
luugbing Rocke to th 
bounden to laude and 

And while hee wa 
iatended purpoſe, bp | 
of bis garments, for 
peere be, that Lowes fo 
peth with Golde, Pes 
carp another maner 
him bp bis garments 
peration of the inwar 

Jn che ende, what ſ 
Wick Indies, che cor 
in Peru about Caſam 
ties, trauailes, and. 
accounted a fantaſtic 

But the lequel she 
Creatop , being cher: 
proofe, neither to bet 

Michal, howe mi 
Ip enriched the ſubiec 
the tune ol Columb 
thoſe partes, there be 
Miler, earle,and 
of the woꝛlde. 

Adoe eherefoze bar 
at the length, to awa 
wwe all haue ſo long 

Chat wee may no 
Gentlemen our Cou 
taken vpon me to Ww) 
baue bene, and pet dot 
they haue not deliber 
won better confiver: 
are already well affec 
bumbly pꝛap all ſuch 
Uberall Contribute 
charge being pat, 
beſtowe and employ 
ſo commendable pur; 

And to this ende h 


fame, But ſeeing the 
endeuour my felfe, a 


ments {ee b 
— 


either tos 
moze cone 
Dune nati⸗ 
are at this 
ſay to be 
t thirſting 


—— ;»ñf.ꝛ ˙ ꝑ — — 
Weſterne planting. of the Engliſh nation. 704 


un mercp of 2 


rife, 

And while bee was attending there to acquame the Ring of Caftile (that then was) with bis * 
intended purpoſe, by howe many wayes and meanes was he derided Some {ome the pildnes II 
of his garments, ſome tooke occafion to ieft at his ſimple and ſilly lookes, others afken if this —— 
here be, that lowes fo lowe, which did cake byon him to bying men into a Countrep chat aboum - ting tereee 
peth with Golde, Pearle, and Pyetious ſtones It he were any ſuch man (layde they) bee would tür. 
carp another maner of countenance with him, and looke ſome what loſtier. Thus ſome iunged 
him bp bis garments, and others by his looke and countenance, but none entred into the conti» 
deration of the inward man. 

An the ende, what lucceſſe his voyage had, who lift to reade the Decades, the Wittopte of the 
Wie Indies, the conqueſt of Hernando Cortes about Mexico, and thoſe of Francifco Pizate 8 
in Peru about Cafamalcha and Cuſco, map knowe moje particularly. All which their difcoue: 1 
tits, trauatles, and conqueſis, are extant to be bad in the Engliſp tongue. Chis deuile mas then 
accounted a fantaſtica il imagination, and a dotwfie dieame. 

But the lequel thereof, hach ſinte awaked out of dꝛeames choufand of ſoules to knowe their 
Creatop , being ehereof beſoꝑe that time altogether ignozant: And hath ſince made ſuflicient 
proofe, neither to be lantaſticke, no; vainelp imagined. 

Mithall, howe mightily hath it inlarged che Dominions of the Crowne of Bpaine, and great. 

Ip enriched the ſubiects of the fame, let all men confiver, Beſides it is wel knowne, that fithence 

the tune ol Columbus bis fir diſcouerie, through their planting, poſſeſüng, and inhabiting 

thole partes, there hath bene tranſpozted and brought bome into Europe, greater Nope of Golve, 

one Aaa Pꝛetious ſtones, then heretofore hath bene in all ages, fince the creation 
woꝛlde. 


ceedin 
8 as in tonſciente thereunto mooued, deſiring much 


verte 


migbtie God: And for that che latwfulnefle to plant in thoſe Countries, in Come mens iudges 
ment Cre er l, A will beginue the proofe of che lumſulneſſe of trade, craffike, 


The 


— ——— w—— es 
705 The voyages and diſcoueries Wefterne planting. 


Khe principal 
tauſes whp 
tina vorageis 
vndertaken. 


Ehe ſirſt kinde 
of planting, 


The ſeconde Chapter fheweth that it is lawfull and neceflarie to trade and traffike with the 
Sauages: And to plant in their Countries: And deuideth planting into two fortes, 


er fo) traſſche, A Cap chat the Chyttians may latofully trautll into chore 
BRING wri etal ene 

Ay fo reſpect mu etie and ſelowſhip berween 

ene eee, 
8 . Fa from beginning of the creation of the world and fromthe rents 
3 ing of the Came after Moes flood, all men haue agreed, that no Arche 
be offered to C — — Chat the Dea with bis Hauens ſhould bee common: Chat ſuch as 
ſhould foxeune to be taken in warre, ſhould be ſeruants o> ſlaues: And that rangers ſhould not 
be dziuen away from the place 0p Countrey whereunto they doe come, 

Il it were fo chen, J demaund in what age, and by what Lawe is che Came fopbidden 07 dee 
nied fince’s Foz who doubteth but that it is lamſull fo Chpitians to vſe trade and tralicke with 
Fnfivels op Dauages, carrying chicher (uch commodities as they want, ¢ bringing from thence 
ſome part of their plentie. 

A ching fo commonly and generally practifer, both in theſe our dapes , and in times pad, 
e the memozie of man, both by Chyiſtians and Inſidels, that it needeth no further 
ploofe. 

And forag much as the vſe ol trade and traffike (be it neuer fo profitable) ought not to bee 
preferred befoze the planting of Chritian fapeh: A will eherefope ſome what entreate of planting 
(without which, Cbptian Religion can take no roote, be the Preachers neuer ſo careful and pie 
ligent) which I meane to deuide in two fortes, 

Che fir, when Chiſtians by the good liking and willing affent of the Soauages,are admit 
ted by them to quiet poflefiion, 

The lecond, when Chritians being vniutlp repulſed, doe ſecke to attaine and mainteine the 
right fog which ebep doe come, 

And though in regarde of the eſtabliſhment of Chpiftian Religion , cither of both may bee 
latofullp and tuſtly exerciſed: ( Ubereoſ many examples map be found , as well in the time ol 
Poples aud Joſuà, and other Rulers befope the birth of Chik , as of many vertuous Ente 
perours and Rings ſithence bis incarnation:) pet doe I with, that before the ſetond be put in 
pꝛactiſe, a proofe may be made of the firſt, ſauing that fo; their ſafetie as well againſt the Sa 
tages , as all other fopraigne enemies, they (hould fir well and ſtrongly foptifie them ſelues: 
which being vone, then by all fayze ſpeeches, e tuerp other good meanes of perſwaſion to feeke 
to take away all occafions of offence, 

As letting them to vnderſtand, ho we they tame not to their hurt, but fop their good, and to no 
other ende, but to dwell peaceably amongſt them, and to trade and traffike with them foz their 
owne commoditie, without molefing o; grieutng them any way, which mut not be done bp 
woꝛdes onelp but alſo by deeves, 

op aldeit, to maintaine right and repel iniur ie, be a iuſt cauſe of warre:ytt mutt there hertol 
be beevefull care had, that whertas the Sauages be fearefull by nature, and fonde otherwile, che 
Chniſtians ſhould do their beſt endeuour to cake away (uch feare as may grow vnto them by rea 
fou of their ſtraunge apparel, Armour, and weapon, oz ſuch like, by quiet and peaceable cons 
uerſation, and letting them liue in lecuritie, and keeping a meaſure of blameleſſe defence, with 
as little diſcommoditie to the Manages as may bet: for this kinde of warre would be onelp Der 
fenfiue and not offenſiue. 

And quettionles there is great hope ¢ likelyhode that by this kind of meanes, we ſhould bring 
to paſle all effects to our deGred purpoles i Confvering that all creatures, by tonſlitution of 
nature, are rendped mone tractable and eafier wonne fo? all allapes, by tourteſie and milonefle, 
— by 3 ez toughnes: and therefqʒe being a principle caught vs by natural reafen, it is 

to be put in vre. 

Co albett as pet the Chhittians art not fo throughly furnithen with che perfettuelſe of their 
language, either to expꝛeſſe their mindes to them, 07 againe to conceſue the Mauages intent: 
Met for che pꝛeſent oppoꝛtunitie, ſueh pollitie map bee dled by friendly fignes, and courteous 
tokens towardes them, as the Sanages map eafilp perceiue, (were their fences neuer ſo grolle) 
an aſſured friendthip to bee offeres them, and that thep are encountered witb ſuch a nation, as 
brings them benelite, commoditie, peate, tranquillity and lafetie. Co further this, and to actom 
pli it in deedes, there mut bee pelented vnto them gratis, Come kindes of our pectic — 


Vellerne pla 


chaudiſes and trifles: ¢ 
gie, Chyiſtall, Amber 
accounted bp them of 
tres to a liking and a 
Pozeouer. it hal t 
taine meanes, to ſign 
an, being admitted bet! 
pill alwayes bee read) 
ill inuaſions, ſpoples 
pert boꝛderers: and a 
in whome it is beſtow 
Fa it appeareth by 
uelled in thole councrid 
are at continuall wart 
being a cruel kinde of 
ſue them with raueno 
And it is not to bet 
the Dauages againk t 
Lonely migbtelp ſtirre 
the Chziſtians, pꝛoffe 
franke confents (hall e 
refpondent to the Ch 
that they haue of Land 
thereby then ſuch as et 
the lürſt ſozt of plantin 
place. 
But if after theſe g 
withall ſatiſſie d, but bi 
tuns from their Poꝛt 
ii which boch painfu 
Chen in luch a cafe 
to purſue reuẽ ge with 
Fx it is allowable by 
mone ſecuritie to incre 
iurious dealing. 
CA berein if alſo the 
as iuoge) but chat i 
their enemies, ſubi 
uopding murtheroust 
this dap is vſed: and n 
leſlion, leaſt happily a 
ted, ſhould afterward; 
their hoꝛrible idolatri 
their wicked cuſtome 
And in ſo doing, de 
n tiuilitte, for as mut 
bene done by ſundzy 
reſpect to begin their 
ol Chik mightie and 
polſeſſe, and ſubdue. # 


Ce reade in the ol 
linde began onely of 
faued in the Arke wit 
of dations » which tnt 
aſmucb as all their pe 
their ppedeteſſour, G 
terwards being vnde 
derite the Land ol Ca 


Veflerne planting. ol the Engliſh nation. 


chandi(es and triſles: As looking glaſſea, Bela, Beads, Bracelets, Chames, oz collers of Bew⸗ 
gle, Chyiſtall, Amber, Jet, oz Olaſſe gc. f (uch be the things though to vs of ſmall value, yet 
accounted by them of high pꝛice and eſtunation: and ſooneſt will induce their Barbar ous nas 
qures to a liking and a mutual ſociety with bs. 

Poꝛeouer. ii Hal be requifice, either by ſpeeche, if it be pollible, either by fome other cers 
taine meanes, to ſigniſie vnto them, that once league of friendthip with all louing conuerlati⸗ 
au, being admitted betweene the Chyiſtiang and them: that tben the Chuſtians from thence ſaych 
pill alwayes bee ready with foꝛce of Armes to aM ¢ defende them in their iuſt quartels, from 
all inuafions, ſpoples and eppꝛeſſions, offered them by any Cpraunts, Aduerſaries, o; their 
wert bopderces : and a beneſit is fo much the moge to be eecmed, by howe much the perfon vp⸗ 
on whome it is beſtowed ſandeth in necde thereof, 1 
F q it appeareth by the relation of a countreman of ours, namely Dauid Ingram, (bo tra · 
welled in thole countries xi.moneths and moze) That the Bauages generally fo? the mon part, 
irt at continuall warres with their next adio yrung neighbours, and efpecially che Cannibals, 
being a cruel kinde of people, whofe foode is mans fleſb, and haue teeth like dagges, and do pure 
fue them with rauenous mindes to tate their fleſh, and deuoure them. 

And it is not to be doubted, but that the Chꝛiſtians may in this caſe iuſlly and lawfully ayde 
the Dauages againſt the Cannibals, Do that it is very likelic that by this meanes we ſhall not 

| onelp migbte ly irre and inflame their rude mindes gladly to embrate the louing company of 
the Chpittians, pꝛoffering vnto them both commodities, fuccour,and kindness But alſo by their 
franke confents (hall ealily enioy ſuch competent quantity of Lande, as euer way thall be cops 
teſpondent to the Chniſtians expectation, & contentation, confivering the great aboundante 
that they haue ol Lande, and howe {mall account they make thereof, taking no other fruites 
thereby then ſuch as tbe ground of it felfe dooth naturallp yeelde. And tbus much concerning 
5 fir ſozt of planting, which as J alluredly hope, ſo A mot hartelie pꝛay may take effect and 
place. 

But if after theſe good and fayre meanes vled, the Dauages neuertheleſle will not bee here · eve tecond 
withall ſatiſſied, but bar barouſlip will go about to practife violence either in repelling the Chpie de of plans 
tuns from their Pozts ¢ fafe Landings on in withilanding chem afterwards to eniop the rights 
in which both painfully and latofullp they baue aduentured themlelues thither: 

Chenin (uch a caſe I holde it no breach of equitie fo the Chpiſtians to vefende themſelues, 
to purſue reuẽge with foꝛce, and to do whatſoeuer is neceſſarie fo the attapning of their Lafetys 
Fox it is allowable by al Lawes in ſuch diſtreſſes, to refit violence with violence: And fo} their 
mone ſecuritie to increaſe their ſtrength by building of forces, fo} auopding the extremitie of ins 
lurious dealing. 

U berein if alſo they (hal not be fufferedin reafonable quietnes to continue, there is no barre 

a8 iudge) but chat in ſtoute aſſemblies, the Chpiftians map iſſue out, and by trong hand pur: 

their enemies, ſubdue then, take poffellion of their Townes, Cities, o; Uillages, (and in as 
Hopding murtherous tyꝛannie) to vſe the Lawe of Armes, as in like caſe among all nations at 
this dap is vſed: and moſt eſpeciallp to the ende they may with ſecuritie holde their lawful pol · 
feffion, leaſt happily after the departure of the Chyiſtians, fuch Sauages as haue bene conuer⸗ 
ted, ſhould afterwards though compulſion and enfopcement of their wicked Nulers, returne to 
their hozrible idolatrie (as did the childen of Ilrael, alter the deceaſe of Joſhua) and continue 
their wicked cuſtome of mot vnnaturall ſacriũcing of bumane creatures. on 

And in fo doing, doubtleſſe the Chpiftians (hall no whit at all tranſgreſſe che bonds of equitic 
m tiuilitte, for as much as in foꝛmer ages, (pea befope the incarnation of Chniſt) the like bath 
bene done by ſundyye Kings and Wpinces, Goucrnours of the childzen of Iſtael : chiefly in 
reſpect to begin their planting, fop ihe eſtabliſhment of Gods woꝛde : as alſo ſince che Matiuitit 
of Chik mightie and puiſſant Emperours aud Kings baue performed the like, J fap to plant, 
polſeſſe, and ſubdue. $0} proofe whereof, J will alleadge pou examples oł boch kiudes. 

e reade in the olde Teſtament, howe that after JRors flood was craſcd, reſtodatiot of man · 
kinde began one ly of thoſe fewe of Moes chilmen and familie as were by Gon pꝛeelected to be 
ſiued in the Arke with bim, whofe ſeede in pꝛoceſſe of time, was multiplied to mfinite aumders 
of nations, which in Diners ſoptes deuidtd chemfelues to ſundyy quarcers of the earth. And for 
aſmuch as all their poſteritie being mightily tntteaſed followed not the perfect life of Noe 
their pꝛedeteſſour, God choſe out of the multitude, a peculiar people tohimſelfe, to wheme af 
terwards being vnder the gouernement of Moiſes in Mount Mpnay, hee made a qvaunt to in 
rite the Land of Canaan, called the land of ꝑomiſe, with all the other rich and * “ 

t 


7°7 


——————— — RRR cr mae aan ee 
tries next adiopning therunto. Neuertheleſſe, before they came to poſſtſſio 
afflicced with many grteuous punifhments and — — vd 


Jota 4, 


Fouad. 


Jotua 8. 


Folua 9. 


AJudg. u. 13. 


Jug. 1. 


good note 
1 1 
res to be 


mertirull. 
Audg. 6.7. 


77272—— — 
The voyages and diſcoueries Veflerne planting. 


entop the (ane, 

But beeing encouraged and comforted by their Rulers, (men of God 
ming chemfelucs with all pattence,to utter whatſoeuer it — pleaſe pa —8 
attaining to the lande, they were encountered with great numbers of trong people and mighey 


Kotwicbſtanding plus their leader replenifhes with the {pirite of Gov, being allured of 
the iultnelle of dis qulkrellgatberen the chiele urengtz of che chien of Ifratl togerber, to the 
number af 40000. with whom he ſalely paſſed the huge riuer lordan, and hauing belohe {ene 
priate ſpies fop the diſcouerie of the famous cittit Ierico, to vnderſtand the certaintie of the Citic 
— 2 io ape came thither, and enuitontd it rounde about, with his whole power the 

euen . 

In which refpite, perceiuing none ofthe Gentiles difpofen to peld o tall fon mertie, be then 
comtmanded (as God before had appointed) that both the citie Jericho ould be burned, yea. and 
all che inhabitants, as well olve as poung, with all their cattell Ghoulve bee deroped oneip 
excepted Rahab, ber kindpedand familie, becaule the befoze had bid ſetretly the meſſengtrs of 
Ioſua, that were fent thither as ſpies. As fox all their golde, filuer, precious Qones, oz veſlels of 
hpaſſe, they were reſerued and conſecrated to the Lods treaſurie. 

In luke maner hee burned the citie Hay, flew the inhabitants thereof, and banged vp their 
Ring. But for ſo much as the Gebionites (fearing the like euent) (ent Amballadours vnto lo- 
ſua, to intreate fop grace, fauour, ę peace: be commanded that all their lines (hould be ſaued, nd 
that they ſbould be admitted to the company of the childzen of Iſrael. Net vnderſtanding afters 
wards they wrought this by a pollicie de vied them as Budges to hewe wood ¢ to carit water, 
and other neceſſaries for bis people. Thus began this t Captaine bis conqueſt, which be 
purfued ¢ neuer left til he had ſubdued all the Herhites, Amorites, Cananites,Perefires,Heuites, 
and lebuſites, with all their Pinces and Rings, being thirtie anv one in number, and diners o· 
ther frange nations, beſides whole lands ¢ Dominions he wholie deuided among Gods people. 

Alter that lofua was decealed, luda was conſtituted Loyd ouet the Armie, who receuumg like 
charge from God purſued the proceedings ol the holle captaine lofua, and viterly vanquiſbed 
manp Gentiles, Joolaters, and aduerſaries to the childen of Iſrael, with all ſuch Rulers 0p 
Kings, as withſtoode bim, and namely Adonibezek, the moſt cruell tytaunt: whole thombes 
und great toes, be tauſed to be cut off, for fo much as hee had done the like befoye vnto ſtuentie 
Kings, whome being his prifoners, be forced to gather vp their bictuals vnderneath bis Cable. 
An this God ſhewed his tultice to reuenge tyꝛanny. Ciice reade likewile, that Gedeon a mo 
puiſlant and noble warriour, ſo bebaued himſelle in following the wopthp acts of Jofua ¢ Iuda 
that in thopt time he not only delivered the thildzen of Iſrael from the hands of the multitude of 
the fierce Madianites, but alfo ſubdued them, and their Tyꝛante, whofe landes be tauſed Gods 
people to poſſeſſe and inherite. 

A could recite diners other places out of the Scripture, which apely may be apylied hertun · 
to were it not I bo endenour my ſelle by all meanes to be diefe. Not in like maner will A al 
ledge {ome fem of Anductions out ofthe autenticall writings of the Eccleſiaſticall Hikepiograe 
phers, all tending to the like argument. And ſirſt to begin with all, we doe rrade: That after our 
autour Jeſus Chpit had ſuſtered his paſlion, the Apotles being inſpired with h holy ghott, 
and the knowledge of all ur aunge languages, did immediatiy diſpearſe chemfelues to ſundip 
partes ofthe word, to the preaching of the Golpel. Pet not in ſo general a maner, but that chere 
remained ſome farre remote countries vnuiſited by them, among the which it is reposted that 
India the great, called the vttermoſt India, as pet had teteiued no light of the werd. But it came 
to pale, that one Metrodorus, a verie learned and wife Philoſopher in chat age, being defirous 
tofcarch out bnknotone landen, did firtt diſcouer the fame, finding it wonderfull populous 
and rich, which bpon bis returne being publiſbed, and fop certaine bnderftood,here was another 
graue Bbüloſopder of Tyrus called Meropius, being a chpiftian, wbo did refolue bimſelfe(folew- 
ing che example of Metrodorus) to trauaile tbither, and in a ſpont time alſiſted but with a ewe, 
in a ſmall Ueſſel arriued in bis company two young pouthes, Edefius, and Fru- 
mentius, home l being bis {chollers) bee bad throughly inttructed, both in liberall Sciences 
and thai after that Per opius fometwbile Coping tbert, bad as be thougbt) 
fufficient of the Indians whole eftate: He dermined to depart, and to bying notice 
chereof bata the Emperour,tohome he meant to exhore to the congutn of che lame. Cut 


Westerne plant 


Bu ve — be 
pard, a foze tempeſt at o 
lde land : wt re he bp t 
tompanp, except ches 
he were of comely fat 
their Ring and Queene 
gap ondtined Edetius to b 
fon ol their learning and 
tion with the Pinces. Z 
(oane to gouctne, and g 
topallt to their natiue fo 
ladiy fauoured them w 

treated them to tarie and 
ſennt grewe to ripe pere 

And Frumentius exce 
etts at his diſcretion, w 
ichuſtian religion mig 
ſwallon nugbt belt pe 
to paſſe accopdinglp, het 
du natiue countrit. And 
ftantine, the eſfectot all 
theceof, by the aduiſe an 
la forth a conuenient po 
this meanes came the E 
gato the poſſeſſion of all 
tracth hereol, from the v 

Pozeouer Euſebius i 
lach mention how Conf 
du next neighbours, en 
and heathen nations, as 
Empcrour throughly ai 
ſuaded to chuſtian relig 
land, then called the Fil. 

nu made tributarie, and 
2 b his wifedome ſeem 
the wold, and there vee 
bp friendip perſwaſions 
wardes bee determined 
moli parts of the South 
became victour ouer the 
ans, that nowe are the p 
name of chpiftians, 

In the Eaſt likewiſe 
vonne and hꝛought in f 
y part of che wold, t 
butin time he ouertame 

This wonthie begin 
wers other Emperours 
ill the bookes of Euſeb 
tall hiſtoꝛie maketh met 
— well A conc 
werting the propbanc T 
furping tyraunts, as wi 
deteale his fonnes,Hon 
thee ol the Melt, who 
Father, eyther in enlars 

Mozeouer it is repo) 
inferiour in vertuous lit 


Fellerne planting. of the Engliſh nation. 708 


But by miſ lo) tune he was ppc uented, ſo being in che audvett of his courte on the Sea home 
vnd, a Cope temheſt at ole, and pet fopce dꝛoue him backe ag ant, to an yakuowne oft of the 
lust land: wohtre be by the moſt cruel barbarous Indians on the ſuddaine was ſlainc with all 
companp, except the two poung (chalters aloe ſatd, whome the barbarous Indians, bytcalon weropius 
diu were of comely Mature and beautifull perfonages,tooke, and forthwith ppeſc ted them to . 
iyi King and Queene : which both being very well liked of, the King courccoullp tnt eated, 
gavopdctned Edetius to be his Butler, and Frumentius his Mecretatit, and in few pereg by tea: o deaus an 
lon of their learning and ciuill gouernment, they were bad in great fauour,bonour,andgitima, Pag tus 
tion with ie Puinces. But the ing departing chis life, ielt the Qusene bis wife wüͤch her pong tye Anos. 
lunt to gouerne, and gaue free (cope and lybertie to the two chuuſdians, at their beit pleaſure 
topalle to their natiue foples, allowing them all ne ceſſaries fop the Came. Pet the Queene who 
pgblp fauoured them was verie ſozowlull they {ould depart, andeherefope mol earneiilic tne 
treated them to tarie aud alſiſt ber in che gouernement of ber people, till {uch time as her young 
fount grewe to ripe peres, which eequet they fulfillen,: 

Gap Frumentius excelling Edeſius farre in all wiſedome, ruled both the Queene and her ſub - A gur laut 
ketsat bis diſcretton, whereby hee tooke occalion to put in practife priutly, that the foundation wu b aueme 
ofchyittan religion might be plante d in the hearts of (uch as with whome her thong bt his per. 5. Je. 
fwation might belt ppeuatle, and chat ſooneſt woulde guise care vnta hum: which being bꝛoug bt 
w palle occoꝛdinglp, he then with bis ſellowe Edeſius, tooke leaue of the Quecne ta returne to un oder gat 
psnatine countrit. And ſo ſoone as he was arriued there, be reueale to the Emperdur Con- Kamora. 
ftanuine, the effectofall thoſe euents: who both commending his verdes and whole allowing man of incane 
theceof, by che aduiſe and good liking of Achanaſius then Bilbop of Alexandria, did arme and OT ig ihe 
let loyth a conuenient power ſoz the aide of Frumentius, in this his ſo godlie a purpole. And by on of his 
this meanes came the Emperour afterwards bp fare pꝛomiles, and by fonte of armes together, . 
to the poſſeſſion of all the Indians tountrit. The aucthoʒ of this opie Rufinus, teteiucd the 
tructh hereal, from the vetie mouth of Edeſius companion to Frumentius. 

Moztouer Euſebius in bis Piſtopie Ecrleſiaſicail in precitetermes,anv in diuers places ma en hi ecs 
beth mention bow Conſtantine the great, not onely enlarged his Empire by the lubduing of dente chen 

’ a 10 
du next neighbours, but alſo endeuoured by all meanes, to lubiert all fuch remote Barbarous deu Kau- 


Rantin 


a beachen nations, aa chen inbabiced the foure quarters of the wopld, s07(as it is witten) the enh 
Emperour tinougbly aided with a puiſant armie of valiaunt fouldiers whom he bad befope per 'arge is bor 


fwaded to chuſtian religion, in pꝛoper perſon bimfelfe,came cucn vnto this our countryol Eng · 1 et 


land, then called the Alland of Briccaines, bending from him full welt, which he whole conque Ansdeto ans 
ted, made tributarie, and ſetled therein chpftian faith, and leſt behinde him ſuch Rulers thereof, nations. 
esto his wiſrdome ſeemed bell. From thence he turned bis fozce towardes the Nojth cor of Firion. 
the wopld, and there vtteriy ſubdued the rude and cruell Nation of the Scythians, whereof part Cap 4c. 
bp friendlp perlwaſiona, part by maine ſtrengtb, be reduced the whole to ChyMian faith. Atter⸗ a . 
wardes hee determined with himſelfe to ſearch out what range people inhabited in the vtter · . 
moll parts ofthe South. And with great hazard and labour, making his iourney thiiber, at lak 
became victour ouer them all, euen to the countrey of the Blemmyans, and the remote Ethiopi- 
ans, that nowe are the people of Presbyter lohn, who pet till this bay, continue and beare the 
name of chꝛiſtians. 

Gu the Eaſt likewiſe, what Nation ſotuer at chat time hee toulde haue notice of, bee eaſilp 
vonne and hʒought in ſubiettion to the Empire. Wo that to conclude, there was no region in 
any part of che woplo, the iuhabitaunts whereof being Gentiles, though vnknowne vnto him, 
butin time be ouertame and vanquiſbed. 

This wonthie beginning ol Conſtantine, both his fonnes fucceeding bis rosie, and alſo di 
ners other Emperours afterward to their vttermoſt endeuour followed and continued, which 
ill the bookes of Euſebius moze at large ſette ſooth. Theodoretus likewiſe in his Eccleſiaſti. dein 
tall biſtoʒie maketh mencion how Theodofius the bertuous Emperour,emploped earneſiiy all ccc. 1.5. 
da tume, as well in conquering the Geneilesto the knowledge of che holy golpel, veterlp ſub · 
Utrting the pyopbane Temples and abhominable Adolatry, as alſo in extinguiſhing of ſuch v- 

tyraunts, as with aganiſme withſtood the planting ofchpitian religion. After whoſe dees 

deteale his ſonnes, Honotius, and Arcadius, were created Emperours, the one of the Caſt, the o- cw. as co 
thee of the (Melt, who wich all out godlineſle, mol carefully imicaced the foyeeps of their 
Father eyther in enlarging their cerricopies, op increating the chptftian flocke. 

Mopeouer it is reported by the {aid sucthop, that Theodofius Iunior the Emperour, no whit 
infetiour in vertuous life to any of the aboue named Princes, with great Rudic ¢ scale pur ſued, 

and 


— ——— — ease 
709 Tho voyages and diſcoueries Weflerne planting, 


and profecuced the Gentiles, (ubbued their tyꝛants ¢ countries, and veccr! a 
volattit, onutrting their foules to acknowledge thcit one ly Mel las — ya 
Countries to the eulargemenc of the Empire. Co be byiele, who lo lulteih to read Euſebius Pam. 
philus,Socrates Scholaſticus, Theodoritus, Hermia,Sozomen, ¢ Euagrius Scholafticus, which 
all were mot age Ectleſlaſticall wricers, (hall finde great Nope of examples of the wohthy lug 
of (undp Emperours, ending all to the c onſitmation of mp foymer ſyeeches. 

And fop like examples of latter time (peacuen in the memoyte of man) J Chall not nerd to 
recite any other then the conquet made of the (Lief and Cal Indies, by the Kings of Spaine 
and woytingale, whereof there is particular mention made in the lat Chapter of this dockt. 
Werein baue J bled mope copy of examples, then ocherwile J would haue done, ſcumg thac J 
daut bene in place where this mance of planting the Chyiſtian faith, hath bene thought of fome 
to be ſcarte latwfull, yea, ſuch as doe take bpon them to be mope then meant ly learned. To thtſe 
examples could I ioyne manp moe, but whofocuer is not ſatiſſled with tbeſe fewe , may farifhe 
bimlelfe in reading at large the Authours lat aboue recited. Thus haue I (as J truſt pyooued 
pd — iuſtly trade and trallike with the Dauages, and lawfully plant and inhabite theit 


The third Chapter doeth fhewe the lawfull title, which the 


Queenes moſt excellent Maieftie bath vnto thoſe Countries which 
through the ayde of almightie God are meant to be inhabited. 


ois verp cuident that the p there (hall in time ti 
a — 52 lanting ght amply ene 


. ££ 5 Palrdtes Cerritoſtes and Dominions(op J mighe rather 
eben Sipe, N 5 e 
Na of ect tobich a noble and wofthy perfonage,lineallp deſcended from the blood 

— 7 ACG ropall, bomme in Gales, named Madock ap Owen Gwyneth, departing 


Nullum . 

Aer feom the coatt of England, about the peere of our Lo God 1170.2rriued 
Suan, and there planted bimfelfe and bis Colonics, and alterwarde returned bumſelft inte England 
rd d Dr leauing certaine of bis people there, as appearethin an auncient Titelth Chonicle, where bee 
en an® then gaue to certaine Aland, beaſtes, aud foules {undpp Melſh names, as the Glands of Pen- 

1 gwin, which pet to this day beartth the fame. 
lan bert is likewiſe a Foule in the ſayd Countreys, called by the fame name at ibis day, and 
is as much to fap in Englifh, as IAbitehead, and in trueth, the ſayd foules haue white beads, 

There is al ſo in thoſe Countries a fruit talled Gwynethes which is like wiſe a Ciel nd. 
Mogtouer, there are diuers other Melſh woꝛdes at this dap in vſe, as Dauid Ingram aſoꝛt· 
ſayd repopteth in his relations. All which molt Mrongly argueth, the ſayd Pꝛince with bis pros 
ple to haue iuhabited there. And the fame in effect is confirmed by Mute zuma that migtty Em · 
perour of Mexico, who in an Oꝛation vnto his ſubiects foꝛ th better pacifping ol them, madt iu 
the peſence of Hernando Cortes, vſed theſe fpeeches following. — 

y kinlmen friends, and ſeruants, pou doe well knowe that eighteene peeres J haue bene 
pout Ring, as my Fathers and Graundfathers were, and alwapes J haue bene vnto pou a lo» 

utenma Wing Pꝛinte, and pou vnto me good and obedient ſubtects, and ſo J hope pou will remaine vnto 
die tubierts mt all the dayes of my lift. Dou ought to baut in remembꝛance, that either pou haue heard ol 
inpictence of your Fathers, op elſe our Dwwines baue i. Iructed pou that we are not naturally of this Coun: 
mw tg trey . noz pet our Ringdome is durable, becaule our fopefathers came from a farre Countrep,and 
which Oras their Ring and Captaine who brought them hither, returned againe to his naturall Countrey, 
tion tons | faping chat he moulo fend {uch as ſhould rule and gouerne vs , tf by chaunce bee bimfclfe recur 
the here. 1520, NED not, Ec, 

Chele be che bery woꝛdes af Murezuma, fet downe in the Dpanith Chronicles , che whic 
being thoughly confivered, becaule they baue relation to fome Grange noble perfon, who long 
before had pofletten thoſe Countries, doe all (ufficientlp argue. the vñdoubte d title ol ber Pater 

ie: Fopalmnuch as no other Nation can truely by any Chnonicles they can ande, make pꝛtſtrip⸗ 
tion of time for themſe lues, before the time of this nce Madoc, Btſides all this, fop further 
see of ber Highnes title fitbence the arriuall of this noble Byitcon into thoſe parts chet ts to 
in the time of the Q. Maieſties graundfather, ol woꝛthy memoꝛy, Ring Henry the 
Letters patents were by his Maitſtie graunted to John Cabota an Italian, to Lewis, Sebafti- 
an, and Sanfius, bis thee fonnes,to diſcouer remote, Warbarous and Heathen Countries, which 
dilcoutrit, was afterinards executed to the vle of the Crowne of England. in n, 


ſellerne planting 


lian and San ius his fi 
is afayne hauen in K 
buen, bird pꝛoouet 
cape of Florida,as appa 
Gao ctyis mav Cand fop ane 
se aerate 
t 
— Balboa, Ha 
fait needlelſe co wite an 


Thefourth chapter ſnewet 
fikely to ptooue very pro 


Dw to fh 
nerallyto 
realme, a 
martial 
ready to 
of this vo 
tum ſund y places ol this 
ching only: pet nat wich 
Wumuie of fiſhermen. will 
unt els bought of ſtrangei 
trip, as the efpectatt fiſbin 
mlutto and luiowen Cafe ha 
derabouts : wheras they no 
peafeoehemfelues.op rather 
might be ſucficient to fra 
famb there) whereof Dau 
there is great plenty: ¢ wit 
mally growing, vet it mig 
where, CCibich being bow: 
ti i reſpert of fithing on 
mies which are there found 
MHoreourr, it is well kno 
that dwell in the Forth, ſo f 
udllous delight in any gar 
ten taſſocke, a cappe op fuct 
Fo J my ſelfe haue hea 
haue dwelt in the Souther 
fleffe time: that the peop 
ments, CAhich being ſo. v 
elt to all uch perfons ¢ a 
ment of fuch as are dilcree 
And queſtionleſſe here 
nue beene, and now are 
worke, by reaſon of the tr 
patt) thal by this meanes | 
tothe inlargement okour u 
Co what end need J e 
and nauigatiou ſhalbe in la 
trample of the neere neig 
fir diſcouery of the Indi 
themſelues and they ſubi 
maifters and mariners,a 
Beſides this, it will p 
onelp a great number of 
Conpoficable to t his rea 


Fellerne planting. ol the Engliſn nation. 


Gan this may Band fop another title to her Maieſiy: but any ol the lot laid titles is as much o 
unten any other Chiſtian prince can pretend to the Indien, before inch tune as they had accu: 
i yaſiſſion thereof, obte ine d by the diſtouery of Chriftopher Columbus, ¢ the conquett of Va- 

Nunnes de Balboa, Hernando Cortes, Franciſco Pyfarro, andothers. And therefore J 
fait needleſle co wyite any more touching the latofiuinelTeof her Spaietics title. 


Thefourth chapter fheweth how that the trade, traffike, and planting in thofe countryes, is 
likely to ptooue very profitable to the whole realme in general, 


an Ow to he w hotw the fame is likely to proue very profitable and benefictall ge. 
N nerallyto the whole realme: It is very tertaine , that the grtateſt ie well of this 
N realme, and the chiefeſt ſtrength and force of the fame, for defence oz offence in 
ss IH Marcial! matter and maner is the multitude of ſhippes, maifters ¢ mariners, 
4 A NI ready to aſſiſt the moſt ſtately and royall nauy ofher Maieſty, which bp reafon 
— of this voyage Mall haue both increafe ¢ maintenance, And it is well knowne, 
hatin ſundyp places ol this realme ſhips haue beene built and fet foopth ol late dayes, ſoꝛ the trade 


Muauie ol ſiſhermen, will not fuftice forthe erpence of this realme foure moneths, if there were 


a 1 unt els bought of ſtrangers. And the chiefeſt caufe why our Engliſh men do not go fo far Ces 
a ie dux. as the efpectall filhing places do lie, both for plenty e greatnelle of nich isfop that they haue 
blood welaccon and knotwen Cafe harbo in thoſe parts. But (four nation were once planted there, oꝛ nere 
worn terabouts ; wheras they now liſh but for two moneths in the peere,they might then fith ſo long as 
ae geafcochemfelues.op rather at they connning linde fuch plenty of fith rradie taken lalted ¢ dried, 
6 umight be ſucficient to fraughe them home without long delay (God granting that fale may be 
land there) whereof Dauid Ingram (who trauelled in thoſe countrpes as afopeſaid) ſaith that 
f Pen. there is great plenty: ¢ withall the climate doth giue great hope, that though there wert none nas 
milly growing, vet it might aſwell be made there by art, as it is boch in Rochell ¢ Baron, op cls 
— where, Ahich being bꝛought to pafle, ſhall increaſe the number of var ſhips and mariners, were 
Ady tte in refpect of ſiſhing only: but much more in regard of the funtyp merchandtzes and commtoe 
0 mies which are there found and had in great abundance, 
nafoyes Porecourr, it is well knowen that all Dauages, af well thole that dwell in the Mouth, as thole 
is pros that dwell in che Noꝛth, ſo foone as they ſhall beginne but a little co taſte of ciuillitp, will take mar: 
v Em- udlous delight in any garment, be it neuer fo fimple : as a ſhirt, a blew, yellow, red. oz greene cot⸗ 
— ten caſſocke, a cappe oꝛ ſuch like, and will take incredible paines for luch a trifle, 
FNT my ſelfe haue heard this repoꝛt made ſundw times, by diuers ol our countrepmen, who —.— 
e bene baue dwelt in the Southerly parts of che Tet Indies, ſome twelues peeres together, und ſome <arvers. 
m alos ofleffe time: that the people in thofe parts are ealily reduted to ciuillty both in maners and gare Spinners. 
ue ments, (Ahich being ſo, wh ir vent fo) our Engliſh clothes will thereby enlue, and how great bes guiers, 
ard of uit to all ſuch perfons ¢ artificrrs whore names are coted in the margent, J do leaue to the iudge⸗ Sera un 
Coun: ment of fuch as are diſcrert. Diapers. 
ep and And queſtonleſſe heerehy it will alfo come to paſſe, that all ſuch townes and villages, as both pre ony 
ntrep hue beene, and now are vtterly Decaped and ruinated (the pore people thereof being not fet on abe 
retut: none. by reaſon of the tranfporation of raw wooll of late dayes, more exteſſiuely then in times arg ron 
patt) thal by this meanes be rettoied to they prittinate wealth and eſtate, all which do lit wiſe tend sepapied, 
which tothe inlargement ok our nauie, and maintenance ofour navigation. 
long Co what end need J endeuoz myſelfe by arguments to proouc that by this voyage our nauie 
Baice and nauigation ſhalbe inlarged, when as thereneedeth none other reafon then the manifeſt ¢ late 
fori» trample of the neere neighbors to this realme the kings of Spaine and Poztingall, wi fince the 
utber firtt diſcouery of the Indies, haue not onely mightily inlarged then Dominions, greatly inriched 
tis to themſtlues and they lubiects: but haue alfo by tut account trebled the number ofthex fhippes, 892 
renth, maifters and mariners,a matter of no ſmall moment and importance * realme thal 
bafti- Beloes this, it will mooue a general benefit vnto our councrey, that though this ocraſion, not bp oecation of 
wbich onelp a great number of men which do now live idlely at home, and are burthenous chargeable, ben a 
on welke, 


Cbnproficable to this realme, ſhall heerby * N childꝛen of twe lue op foureteene 


tian and Saniius his fonnes, who were borne herre in England: Ju true ttſumony wher · IM. luer 
dere is afayne bauen in NMewſound land, knowen, and called vntiil this day bp ee name ol F ban 
lulu haven, which pꝛooueth that they firſt diſcouerrd vpon that coat, from the height of o; vn · 11 

pte cape ol Florida, c appeareth in the Decades, 183 3 


Kiting only: pet natwithſtanding the ith which is taken ¢ bought into England by the Eng · Cor the mats 


71 


the 
Soone 
vopagts tous beene of, without either luch charges, oz other inconueniences, = 
— ot react ottime ano peril, whicbebe opbénarp pallge to tote parts aetbis pene 


And to conclude this argument withall, it is well ko une to all men of fount tadgement, 
this vopage is of greater importante, and will be found moze beneficial to — peli 
other vopagen at t his day in ble and trade amongtt bs, . 


The fife chapter fheweth, that the trading and planting in thoſe isli 
to the perticular profit of all 8 l RW 


CJ Wut now accopding to my promife ſhew forth fome probabl 
e ee e N — 
conuenient that J do diuide the abuenturtes nen vive kes sete noblemen ¢ re 
tlemen bythemſtiues, and che merchants bp themfelues , $07 ag J do heart itis 

C and auother 
eren pu, done. 

An nd my to the no aud gentlemen, who do ſerke 

climate, who leſome ape, fertile (oile, and a ſtrong place bp nature, 3 they — font, 


audehcce ether plane themnfelues, dj fuchocher perl bus as they ſbali the good tofenvcobelgns | 


of that place and countrep s tothem A lap chat all chefe things are very eaſy to be found titty: 

degrees cc · o and 6o afopelaid, either by Mouth op North, F 
thercunte adiopning at they choile : but the degree certaint of the eltustion ofthe pole, and che des 
tyclimatt where ches places of force aud f. are to be lound. I omit to make publike fo ſuch 
regard as the wifer fore can taſily coniecture: the rather beraule J vo certainly vnderſtand, that 
fome of thoſe which haue the managing of this matter, know it as well oz better then J my ſelle, 
and do meane to rtue ale che fame when cauſe ſball require, to {uch perfons whom it (hall concerne, 
and to no other: ſo that they may ſeat and ſettle chemfelues in ſuch climate as thall bet agree with 
their otwne nature, diſpolition, and good licking: and in the whole tract of that land, by the deſinipti 
ae, bc} anes ofp, pearl enn cytall-anb geet dae ct teas tres an ftoles but 

> 7 a and at ol 5 i ’ 
pleaſure and neteſſary vſe of man are to be found, FFF 


And to; ſuch as tale delight in hunting, there are Bea Dares 
Wealte fog 8 art gges. Ailde > * ’ 
pieaturc, nie w. Badgers, Otters, and diuers other ſuch like fon pleafure , a Süden * 
hauking, there are hauls of ſundy kindes, and great More of game, both ſoz land and tiuer. as Fe 
zante, Patridges, Cranes, Heronthawes, Ducks, Mallards, and ſuch like. Chere is alſo a binde 
of beatt, much bigger then an Dre, whole hide is more then eig beten foot long, cf wich fore a 
country man of ours, one Qalker a ſea man, tho was vyon that coaſt, did fop a trueth in 
the prefence of divers honourable and woyſbipfull perfons, chat be and bis tumpm did findein 
toes ne ONE Cottage about two Hundped and Forty hides, which they brougbt amar and ſolde in France fop 
fojtp hale Forty ſbillings an hide: and with this agreeth Dawid Ingram, and deſcribeth t hat beat at large, 
tings apiece. ſuppoſing it to be a certaine kinde of Bulle: there are likewiſe beaſts and fowles of diners kinds, 
poe which J omit fo) byeuities fake, great Rope of Gh both in the fale water and in the freth, plentit ol 
7 grapes as bigge 2 andthe moſt delicate wine of the Palme tree, of which wine 
Palmetres. chert be vivers of good crrdit in this rralme haut cafted rand there iu allo a kinde ol graine calle 


Maize 


The voyages and difcoueries Meſterne planting, 


Welferne plant 


— 
Mu e, Potato toutes. u 
they arc once ſetled, then 
Anduom foꝛ the bett 


well diſpoled merchants 
en, J will Girt fap vnto t 
che degrees wou lad, i 
fertility of foile, and 
pe bo trauell into Barbs 
map be either prefenelp t 
then now we ba 
ykeliboods and pꝛeſunm 
tellifie that they haue 
Of beafts for fur 
Marterns. 
Beauers. 
Foxes, blacke and w 
Leopards. 
Of ivormes. 
Silke wormes great d 
Of Birds, 
Hawkes. 


Bitters. 
Curlewes. 


A 


Of Fraites. 

a he very large. 
Muskemellons. 

Limmons. 

Dates great. 

Orrenges. 

Figees. 

Proines. 

Raifins Pen and 

ſwall. 

Pepper. 

Almond. 

Citrons. 

Andſeeing that for fi 
ded ſupply will giue ve 
well minded perfons 0 
allo good an encerprite 

Pow for the trial he 
voyage, there is pouil 
fir aduenture: and pe 
ſeruants, bis and they; 
ther vopages haue not 
haue aduentured in the 
tet are tu be admitted i 
therefore generally . 
haue. Cop it it do fo fa 
will) the gaine which 
wich lelle charge, griat 
derpe tiue rs at the ver 
port ſtõ p innermoſt p⸗ 
that cher tinies, oꝛ tw 
wet, y dwell vpon pce 
affict mus in Newlolld 


i 
Welferne planting. ot the Engliſh nation. 71 


Mane, Potato tootts. and {undyp other fruits naturally ing ihere: fo j 
1 tenes take uo 4 by caret bitte ore ee 
nduow foꝛ the better contentation and (atiffaction of ſuch wopfhipfull, boneſt minded, and 

well dilpoſed as haue a deſire to the furtherante of tuery 1 — acti: 
ont, J will Girt fap onto them. as A haue done befope to the noblemen and gentlemen, that wu hin 
the degrees about ſald, is doube le ſle co be found the mot whole lom and bell temperature of anne, 
fertility ol loile, and euet pother commodity o> merchandise, to the which, wich no [mall perul 
we do trauell into Barbarp, Spaine, Nontingall, France, Italie Moſcouie ¢ Dantthe, All whirh 
map be either prefenelp had . o at the leaſi wife in verp Chore time, motuted from thence with leſſe 
banger then now we baut them. And pet to the end my argument ſball not altogether fand vpon 
* —.— * N wean 82383 thofe parts, 

cettihe ndin Countrpes lowing, na 

Of beafts for fu rei. Herons, " 9 5 8 
Marterns. Partridges, Seales, 
Beauers. Cranes, Herrings, 


Foxes, blacko and white. Mallards, Of Trees. 


Leopards. Wilde geeſe. Palme trees yeelding ſweet 
Of iVormes. Stocke dooucs, wines, 


Margaus. Cedars, 
Blacke birds, Firres, 
Of Birds, Parrots, Salafras. 

Hawkes. Pengwins. Oake. 
Bitters. Of Fifbes, Elme. 
Curlewes. Codde. Popler. 

f And ſund other ſtrange Crees, to vs vnkno wen. 
8 Of Fraites. 0 Of Afettali. Chriſtall. Traine oile. 

tapes very large. olde. Muske codde. 
n Gar Siluer. s or 

Limmons. Copper, ves of allforts, 

Dates great. Lead, Roſen. 

Orrenges. Tinne. Pitch, 

Figges. Of Stones, Tarre. 

Proines. Turkies. Turpentine. 

Raifins and Rubies, Frankenfence, of divers forts, 

ſwall. Pearls great & faire. | (Lonny, Feathers of fundrie 

Pepper. Marble, of diuets axe. ſons, as for plea- 

Almonds. kindes, Rubarbe. ſure and filling of 

Citrons, lafper. Oile Oliue, Featherbeds. 

Andſeeing that for mall coſts, che truth ol tbeſe things may be vnderſtood (whereof this interns 
ded ſupply will giue vs moe certaine aſſurance) J dae finde no cauſe to the concrarp, but that all 
well minded perfons (ould be willing to aduenture ſome tonuentent portion for the furtherance 
lo good an enterpuſe. 

Nom for the trial! hee ro, conlidering that in the articles of the ſociety of the aduenturts in this 
bopage, there is pꝛouilio i made, that no aduenturer (hall be bound to any further charge then his 
Girt aduenture: and prt nocwithſtanding keepe Mill to himſelfe, his chilmen, bis apprentifes and 
ſerunnts, bis and they fretdome fop trade and traffike, which is a puuilege that aduenturern in o · 
ther vo pages haue not: and in the fain articles it is like wiſe pꝛouided, that none other then ſuch as 
haue aduentured in the fir voyage, oz ſhall become aduenturers in this ſupylp, at any time heeraf · 
ter are to be admitten in the laid ſociety. but as redemptionaries, which will be very chargeable: 
thereloꝛe generally J fap vnto all ſuch atcoꝛding to the olde proucrbe, Nothing ventute, nothing 
haue. Foz if it do fo Fall our, actading to the great hope and erpectation had (as by Gods grace it 
will) the gaine which now they teape by traffike into other far coittries hall by this trade recurne 
with lelſe charge, grrater caine, ¢ more fafery : L elle charge J fay, by reafon ot the ample e large 
derpe riuers at the very banke, wherol there is many. wher by boch eafily ¢ quietly they may trau 
pont ſtõ p innermoſt parts of the main land, all San veſſe ls of great burdẽ 
that chyee tines, or twiſe in the yere at the ltaſt. But let us omit all pꝛeſliptions how hehemkt e> emo -e 
utr, y dwell tipon p certeinty of ſuch coõmodities as were diſcouered by fr Dumkry Gilbert. ¢ bis fourm Sus 
ala uus in Fewfoli land in Auguſt lat, W wey be very talily R dun un. 

(C2 


Silke wormes great & large 


713 The voyages and dilcoueries Wefterne planung. 


— k 


Dope aſbea, in great „ pea, as it is t 
ee Lites 45 Plenty, pe bougbe. mougb to ſcrue the wbolt reaime of tutty of 


nd of Trame dile (uch quantity, as if I Mould fee doume 
. — — 
t 5 ecommodicics in this abundaue maner, art not 
from thenct, without plancing and fetling chere , . 
of mont forts and kindes then one op two (which were likchiſt difcoucred there) J doe holde is fey 
ene eee ee a 
ig ’ s generally knowen : and 
. tens we tie Chep be ha tbe bauages do equ menu otic srt m 
pearie, golde, luce, aus ftones, All which are matters in trade andttaſſide of great mo 
ment. But admit that it ſolall out, that the aboue ſperiũrd comma dities thall uot bappilp 
be found out wit n his Gri peere i Pet it is verp cleere chat ſurb and fo many map be found out 
as (hall miniſttt tut occatton co chinke all cof o labo; well beRotwcd. £09 it is very certaine, that 
here is one feat fie fop fozeification, of great faferp, wherin chefe Commobities follotuing ,efpecialtp 
eee eee eee 
en 
8 5 oA g — i pis bilan : that of Ae found land, and of all thet 
des all chis, if credit may be giuen to the inhabitants ofthe ſame ſoile a certaine riuer doth 
therunto adiopnt, which leadeth to a plate aboun ding wi 241 
epg Nola a a pom 1 — Tay ſuvſtante: J do not heerby meane 
nd it is not to be omitted, how that about t wo petes pal, cert aint 
in France, did bye a ſbippe out of the land of Jerſey, * . ere 
ſecret from they count repmen, and they would admit no mariner, other then the fap boy belou 
ging to che laid ſbippe, to go withthem, which Mippe was about 70 tunne. J do know the ſlapye 
and che boy very well, and un familiar lp at quatuted with the otoner, which voyage pꝛooutd de. 


ty beneficial, 

To conclude, thin which is alreadp Cato, may ſuffict any man of reafonable vif 
fed ataſle. vntill ſuch time as it Wall pleat almigbey God thougbout owne 3 
better tidings. In che meant ſtaſdn, f any man well affected to this iourncy, (ball Mand in doubt 
ol anp matter of impqgtante couching the lame, be may fatiffe bumſelfe wa b tbe iudgtment and 
Ithing of ſuch of good calling and credit, as are principal dealers becrin , Fo it ts noc utctſſat⸗ 
in this treatife publikelp co {et loch the whole ſecretuot che vopage, 


The fixe chapter {heweth chat che traffike and planting in thof 
Sauagesthemfelues very beneficial and eat g in choſe countries, ſhall be vnto the 


Om to che end it may appeare, that this voy ge is not vndertaken altogether 
fop che peculiar cummodity of our ſelueg, aid aur country (as generally other 
trades and tournies be) it ſball fall out in ppoofe, that the Srauages (hail beerbp 
baue tuft caufe to bleſſt the hourt, when tbis enterpꝛiſe was vndertaken. 
n in reſpert of the malt happy and glavfome civings of the 
Py glonious Soſpell of our Dauiour Jeſus Chtt , whereby they map be 
ie, A 2 — — — 
wen, Andi in reſpect of all — 


Depart withall unte vs. And admit that they had (as ano wledg 
chex aud to forme vſe: pet being bʒwougte from ——— — 
made 


WeSterne plant 


made them ta vnderſtand 
map pttlo moze commudi 
uli cauſe of complai u m 
create land, to the end th. 
But this is not all the 
fmowlenge how to till an 
maners, from bifo; 

ind withall albe tau 

them moſt vpon, they 
boys the Cannibals, wher 
meanes many of they pe 
tet, a moſt horrible and de 
vled amongit them. M 
pofeare lea I haue alre 


The ſeuenth chapter fh 
cultie, as many woul 


vpon them to make mol 
tage others, that be very 
which neither would cat 

F fap and affirme the 
doe Mand bs in Gead of 
B t 


fame, both from ſlaugbt 
at this Dap great numb 
be contentedto hazard e 
out wages, in hope che 
finall charge to the prtt 
pictuall (whereof there 
artillery, ox corfel 

a fournep map pi 
vntill ſuch tune as dite 
well woorthy a greater 
land withall before alle 
Another helpe we bi 

in this iourne y procure 
other neteſſaries needft 
for ft) in Newfound la 
tommonly go with em 
pearerh that the ſduldit 
of money t hen the detra 
tonqueſt, hath in like n. 
his holy hand bleſſed th 
land, we may parle Mee 
gur enemies, oꝛ doubt 
ſeldome kaileth from tt 
make great account of 
the pallage is hore, fo: 
different winde, e retu 
fame our iournp. pte 
tountryes, wem wſal 
in goods th re. be fil 
m Cpidian prince, 1 


WeSterne planting. oftheEnglifh nation. ; 714 


made them to vnderlband how the tenth part of they land map be io manured and 
map pteld mode conmudities to the nete ſſary vſe or maus life, then the whole 9 — a cathe 
uli caule of complai i may they haut a And in my private opinion, J dot ver ythuikte that God dib 
nrecte land, to the end that it ſpould by culture and huſbandy, yer id things neteſſiry fo; mans life, 

But this is not all the bene fie which they thal! reteiue bp tye Cipiftians: ſoꝛ nuct and btſtdethe 
faotuledge bow ta till and dzeſſe the? grounds, they Mall be teduted from vuſermel⸗ cuſtomen to 
poneft maners,from diſodered riotous routs andcompanyes to a well gouerned commonturalth 
and twithall Walbe caught mecanicall occupations, arte, and liberall ſtiencrs: and wüirh Manneth Ths bergen 
chen mot vpen, chep Cyalbe befenbdco from the cruelty of thers tpranteicall and blow fucking ungb' tu", woes 
bops the Canibals, whereby infinite number of cheyp lines {hall de yneferued, And latty, byebis de, banane 
meanes man of they poore innocent childen ſbalbe preferued from the bloudy knife of che facrifis 8 
et, . ee Laan diese ps 5 God and man, now and creer beerctofye 

« Wanp other things could J allege to thi ' 

pofeare lealt I haue already more then halle tired the — 4 en 


The ſeuenth chapter fheweth that the planting chere, is not a matter ofſuch charge or diffie 
cultie, as many would make it ſeeme to be, 


Ow cherefoze for proofe, that the planting in theſe parts is aching that mapbe done 

without che aide of the princes power and purle contraryto the allegation of many mas 

lictous perfons, who will neither be actoꝛs in any good action themlelues, no} fo much 

as atooꝛd a good woꝛd tothe ſetting foyward chereof : and that woozſe is, they will take 
won them to make molehil es ſerme mountaines, and ſueg tlephants. to the end they may diſtou · 
tage others, that be very well op indifferrnely affected to the matter, being like vnto Clops togge, 
which neither would eat hay bimfctfe nop ſuffer the pooꝛe hungry alle to feed there on: 

Flap and affirme that God bath pꝛouided ſuch meane s for the furtherance ol this ent erpiſe, as 
doe Mand vs in dead ol great treaſure: fo; fir by reaſon that it hath pleaſe d Gad ol his great 
wodneſſe, ol — —— holde his mercifull hand ouer this realme m preferuing the people of the 
Carne both from ſlaughter by the ſwoꝛd / and great death by plague,pettiEce.op otherwile there are 
at this Dap great numbers (God he kno weth) which live in luch penury and want, as they toulde 
be contentedto hazard they liues . and to ſerue one pecre fox meat ,dpinke and loulp, with. 
out wages, in hope thereby to amend they eſtates: which is a matter in ſuch like ſourn pes, of no 
ſmall charge to the prince, Mozeouer, chinges in the like iournyes of greatelt pice and colt, as 
ditt uall (whereof there is great plenty to be had in that countrey without money) and powder, 
veg artillery, on con ſelets, are not needfull in fo plentifull and chargeable maner, as the thew of 

à ioumep map pꝛeſent:ſoꝛ a mall quantity ofall theſe to ſurniſhthe fort onely, will fuffice 
vntill ſuch tune as diuers commodities may be found out in thoſe parts, which may be thoug he 
well woonthy a greater charge. Alſo the peculiar benefit of archers which God hath bleſle d this 
land withall before all other nationg, will Rand vs in great cad amongſt thoſe naked people. 

Another helpe we haue alfo, which in ſuch like cafes is a matter of maruellous colt, and will be 
in this lourne y procured very Cafily (that is to fap) To tranſpoꝛt yterely as well our people, as all 
other neceſſaries needfull fo them into chofe parts by che fleet of merchants, that peerelp venture 
lor lich in Newfound land, being not farre diſtant rom the countrey meant to be inhabited, who 
tommonly go with empey velſels in effect, ſauing ſome little fraughe with fale, And thus it ap⸗ 
peareth that the ſouldio ns wages, and the cranfpoytation may be defrayed for farre Lette ſummes 
of money t hen the detractoꝛs of this enterpuſe haue giuen out. Againe, this tended voyage foꝛ 
tonquett, hach in like mmer many other ſnngular priuileges wherewith God hat h. as it were, wit h 
his holy hand bleſſrd the ſame before all others. Foz alter once we are departedthe toaſt of Eng. 
land, we may palle ſtraight way thither, without danger ok being daiuen into anp che countrpesof 
our enemies, or doubtfull friends : fo; commonly one winde le rutth to bung vs thither, which 
ſeldome falleth from the middle of Tannarit to the middle of May. a benefice which che mariners 
make great account of, fr it ia a pleaſure that they haue in few oz none of other iourneyes. Alſo 
the pallige is (hore, fo we may goe thither in tluttie oꝛ fo tie Dapes atthe molt, hauing but an in · 
pifferent winde, x returne concinually in twenty op foure y twenty dayes at the moſt. Amd inthe 
fame our iourny. by teaſon it is in the Ocean. g quſte out of che way from the inte teaure of other 
countered, we map ſafely trade and traſſie without perill of piraty: neither ſball our (ips people, 
in goods th re. be ſubiett to arteſt oy moleſtation of any Nagan potentate. Curkifheppane, pea, 


n Chitian prince, which heerctofore , ſometimes vpon ſiender occafion in other parts. hatte 
@lt 3 flapen 


n 


n 


3 


— 


r 


715 The voyages and diſcoueries Wefterne planting, 


Gapedour ſhippes and merchandizea, wherebp great numbers ol our countre 
terly vndone, diuers putto ranfome, pea, aud lome lof they) liuis: a thing I — 
eee bark a 
in this voyage we do not tline, whereby commonl 
viccuall are coprupted, and mens health ve ty much umpapꝛcd, wetiber doe wep a 
which peeld fundgp extreme dangers : but haue a cexrmperate c lunatt at all times of the pert to ferug 
dur turnes. And laſtly, there need no delayes by the way, fo taking in of frech water and frye 
a thing vlually done in long iournics) becaufe ag J ſaid aboug, the vopage is not long — 
waters taken in chere, our men here m England, at the yd returne home, haut ‘ound fy 
wholeſom and ſweet, that they haue made choile to Dpinke it befope our betre and ale. 

Bedolde heere, good count rey men, the manifolde benelits, commodities and pleaſures bern 
tofore vnknowne, by Gods elpeciall bleſſing not one ly reucalcd vnto vs, but allo as it wert infur 
ſed into our boſomes, who though hit herto like dannite haue ſlumbered in ignorance thertol, bes 
ing like the cats that are loth fo the yz may to wet they feet: yet if now cherefore, at the lat we 
would awake, and with willing mindes (letting kriuolaus imaginations afive) become induttr; 
ouginfrumentsto our ſelues, quettiontetle we Mould noconely here by ſet loo ch the glory of ; 
heauenly father but allo ealily attaine to the end of all good purpofts, that map be withen — 


And map it nat much encourage vs to hope fop good ſucteſſe in the countrey oft 

being a naked kinde of people, voyd of the kmowledge of the dilcipline of — * e 
ble man. being but a ſubiect in ehis rralme (in che tune of our kung Wenrie the fecond) by name 
Strangbowe, then tarle of Chepſlo in Southj Cates, by himfelte and his allies and aflitanes 
at they owne proper charges, palled ouer into Ireland, and there made conquek of the now coun: 
tecp,audthen kungdome of Lyneſler, at which time it wis ve ry populous and Grong, which bi 
Rozp our oume choniclts do witueſſe : And why Mould we be difmaped moze then were the Spar 
nyards, who haue beene able wit hin theſe few pecres to conquer, poſleſſe andeniop fo large a tract 
of the earth, in the Tie Indies, as is betwerne the two troptkes of Cancer and Capricorne; 
not onely in the maine firme land ol America, which is 47 degrees in latitude from Dourh to 

that the king of Ypaine hath there in 


Likewiſe Hernando Cortes, being alſo b J 8 

rere being alſo but a ppiuace gentlema⸗ of & a 
ture fromthe Illmds ol Cuba and Acuſamill, and — tuto the firane 4 one 
mot victorious g triumpbant conqueds, as that at Cyntla, where being ac companved wich tell 


then 500 Spanith ſootmen, thirteene bowlemen, and ſi J | uerthnew 
Po A and ſixe pieces of oꝛdi 
the nt .. 4ocoo Indians, The fame Cortes with his ſald . sa Sead gi 


mighty Emperour Mute: uma in his moll chiefe aud famous citi i 
fant had in it aboue the number of 500000 Fupiangat po godt — — 
not 44% yas La of the laid ene alſo of his whole Empire. 

maner in the countrey of Peru, which the king of Spaine ö ' 
ſeſſion, Francifco Pyfarro, with the onel» ayd of Die go de —— — ee 
ing all tine but priuace gentlemen. was the principall perſon that lirſt attempted duſcoueri and 
conquett of che large and rich countrey of Peru, which through the apde of the almighty, de though 
to palle and atchleued in the Tambo of Caſſiamalcha, (which is a large place of ground, enclo» 


# maruetions led with walles) in twhich place he tooke the grec: aud mightie mince Atcabali pa pufoncr, a 


midſt the number of Goooo Indians bis ſubietta, which were euer before that d 

ben kinde ol people, which bis great bictopp it pleaſed God to — an —.— 
ol gur Loyd God 15 3 3, be not baring in his company aboue tie number of 210 Gpanvyarcs, 
thereof there were not pa ther ſtoʒe hojſſemen in all: after the caking of which prince Artaba- 
lipa, he afered puto Pyzarro ſoꝭ bis rauſonie, to fill a great large hall full of golde aud Gluer, and 
ſuch qolve ann ſiluer vefiris as theythen vied, euen as high as a man might reach with bis ame. 
And 


Weflerne plant 


and the ſayd prince cauſ 
ſunt Pyzarro granted tc 
ſubietts to bying in gold 
toumts ol Quito, Pac ia 
otone wniters doe aflit 
when as the ſaid hall wa 
it was commonly giuen 
ce to taiſe a much 
puertinowen 3 whereupe 
ition of che golde an 
comming to make perfe 
his lift part, as ocherwif 
of 132425. pound weig 
riches neuer befope that i 
emperouc fop bis lift part 
wug bt, and to euer y ho 
werpfouldtour had 45 50 
30000. ſome 20000. 5 
calling, according to the 
Francis Pizarro as tl 
then any of the reſt, out 
which waighed 25000, 
(mall a time, and with ſt 
porfes, ſome with olde, 
Wick Indies, where as 
To this may J adde 
made round about the 
in the Caſt Indies, and i 
pling and plant ing all a 
ugbely weied and conf 
to actount it fo hard and 
uer, people, plant and po 
wiuiuing and offering 1 
the actual poſſeſſion of a 
Ichinke) would not a li 
derſtauding what large 
within thele few perrest 
amiffe, buefly in partice 
puon the ſudden call the 
where moꝛe at large the 
of Barbaric the J land 
tropolit ane & chicfe citt 
af Fangier,Scuta,Maz 
of our Lond, 145 5. Alc 
for their vſe Cape Vere 
of Bonauiſta aud San l. 
Rouge ¢ Sierra Leone 
peoplen and built the ca 
Benin, and Manicongo 
der the Equinoctiall lu 
tien to nr on port of Pa 
Dias was ſeut foorth, | 
Cape called Bon Efpe 
taſt part of Africa hett 
of the anctents. Madag 
the peere of our Lo & 
throug che trauails an 
drew Corfale, John d. 


— Mail ech 
noche lad prince cauled the fame hall co be marked round about at the layd height, wich taun · 
lune Pyzarro granted co accept. And aſter, whE as this mightic prince had ſent to his veflals and 
fubrects co hing in gold and filuct for the Ailing of the hall, as aforefarD, as namely to the cities of 
tounes of Quito,Paciacama and Cuſco, as alfoto the Caloa of Lima, in which toune as their 
owue twpicers doe affirme they found a large and faire houſe, all flatcd endcouered with gold :and 
ien as the fad ball was not pet a quarece ful. a mutinie arofe amongũ the Bpantards. n which 
it was commonly given out . that the (aio punct had polit kely offered this grtat raunſome vnder 
pretence to taiſe a much moze nughtic power, wherebytbe Spaniards thouldbe taken, ſlain and 
durrthnowen : whereupon they grewto this reſolution to put the ſay d prince to death and to make 
partition of the golde and filuct alreadie bought in, which they pꝛeſently put in tretution. And 
comming to make perfect Anuentone of the fame, as well forehe emperour then kung of Spame, 
pis lilt part, as other wiſe, there was ſound to be alreadie bꝛought in into the ſayd hall, the number 
of 132425. pound weight of filucr and in gold the number ol 182812 5. peʒoes, which was a 
ricbes neuer befope that 1107 fice feene of any man together, of which ebcre did appertaine to the 
emperour fo bis fift part ol golde 365625, pesoes, and for his lift part ol Miler, 26485, pound 
waigbt, and to euer y hoyſeman eight choufand pesoes of gold, and 67. pound waight ol filuer, E 
uery fouldtour bad 45 co. pe ʒoes of gold. and 280. pound waiabe of ſiluer.Euery captcin had. ſome 
30000, fore 20000, peʒoes of gold and of ſiluer, proportionally anſwerable to theit degrees and 
calling, according to the rate agreed vpon amongſt them. 

Francis Pizarro as their generall, actonding to his degree and calling proportionally, had more 
then anp of the reſt, ouer and befives the matlic table of gold which Arcabalina had in his Litter, 
which waigbed 25000,pesoes of golde: neuer was there before that day ſouldiours fo rich in fo 
mall a time, and with fo litie daunger. And in this iourney for want oftron, the y did {hoor their 
horfes, ſome with golde, and ſome with fuer, Chis is to ber lerne in the general hiſtone of the 
Wek Indies, where as the doingg ol Pizarro, the conquett of Peru ismoye at large fet fooꝛth. 

To this may J adde the great diſtoueries and canqucſts which the princesof Portmeall haue 
made round about the Cet the Oouth. and the Cal partes of Africa, and alſo at Calicute, and 
inthe Catt Indies. ann in America, at Byalite and elſe where in ſundyy Illands in ſoxiliyng, peo 
pling and planting all along the {aio coaſtes and Iſlands, euer as they diſtouered, which being 

ugbely weied and conſidered, doeth miniſter (ult cauſe of incouragement to our tountrymen, not 

ing any toaccount it fo hard and diffitult a thing for the ſubiecte ol this noble realme of Eng land, to Difco: 
ed to be er. people, plant and polti it the like goodly lands and rich countries not farre from vs, but nere 
‘ adiowning and offering it ſelfe vnto vs (as is aſopeſaid) which bare neuer pet heretofore, bene in 

ah: dhe accuall poſſeſſion of anp other Ctnittian prince then the pzintes ol this rralme. All which (as 
how ö Jihinke) would not a litle animate and encourage vs to looke out and to aduenture abꝛoad, brs 
en, and derſtauding what large countries and Illands the Poztingals with theit mall number haue 
hiapes witbin chete few peeves difcoucred, peoplev and planted, ſome part whereof J haue thougbt it not 
mille briefly in particular to name both che townes, countries and J ſlands, ſo ncere as J could 

vpon the ſudden tall them to remembꝛance: for the ret J doe referre the Reaver to the biltoues, 

where more at large the fame is to be ſeene. irt, they did winne and conquerefrom the princes 

of Barbarie the J Hand of Geifera andeowne of Arx illa, not paſt 140. mile diſtant from their Wei 

ttopolit ane i chiefe citie ol Feſſe: and after that chep wonne alſo from the fain pꝛinces the towne a 

of Fangier,Seuta,Mazigam, Azamore,and Ar affie, all along tt the Sea tools. And in the peere 

that ine of our £020, 1455. Alouis de Cadamoſta a gentleman Clenetian, was he that firſt dilcouered 
btemed their vſe Cape Verd, wich che Wands adioining, of which he then peopled and planted thoſe 
of Bonauilſta and San lago diſcouering alſo the riuer Senega, otherwile called Niger aud Cape 

all pol · Rouge ¢ Sierra Leone, and in a few peetes after they did diſtouer the coat of Guinea, and there 
de. bes peoplen and built the cattle of Mine: then diſtouered they further to the countries of Melegettes, 

n and benin, and Manicongo, withthe Illands o Principe. Anobon, &. Mathew, and S. Thomas viv 

bought dverthe Equinoctiall line, which they peopled and built in che Ct 7 flan of D. Thomas, the har 

entlo⸗ tim town on port of Pauoſan. Aſterthet, about the peere of our Loyd, 1494, one Bartholomew 

Nr, a Diss was ſent fochth, who was the ſirſt man that diſtoue red and doubled that great and large 

mted ta Cue called Bon Eſperance, and palling the currants that run Spon the faid coal, on the South 

e peere al part of Africa hetweene the laid maine land and the Iſlandok B. Lawrence athet vuſe called 

watts, A ofthe ancients, ada gaſcar he vifcourred to the harbor named tie ritter of Infants. Ater that ſutt 

3 %] the peeve ok our Lom God. 140 5 and before the ful accomplithment of the peere ol Chhilt, 1510, 

er, and A though the trauails and difcouertes ul Valques de Game, Peter Aluares, Thomas Lopes, An- 

' wee. : dvew Corfale, john de Empoli, Perer d inter, Sancho Detoar and that noble and woꝛthy gentle 

Aud 1 * 


— — — Z—m:äj•—— — 
717 The voyages and diſcoueries Wofterne planting, 


—— —V— 
tende, Ml Alonto de Albuquerque, thep did diſcouet people, and plant at C cttala being vpon the Gag 
4 mar“ fine ol Adrica,in twentie Degrees of latitube ol the Mouth pole, aud dtrrrt (lei fcom the Ffanp 
ban tbe nes of W. Laurence (at which port of Ceffala, divers doe afficmme chat hing Salomon dip fitch hig 
hing ales gold) as alſs upon che ſaid Cal ſide uf Atfrica,chep did afterward diſtouet, prople, and plant at 
mon did fetch Mozambique, Quiloa, Monbaza and Mclinde,two degrres of Southerly latitude, and fo bp to 
Bis dd. che ürtigbe of Babel-Mandell at the entring of the red (ca,all upon tbe Catt coat of Africa ftom 
whence cep put offac the Capeof GardaFu, and pall che great gulfe of Arabia, o; Indian Seq 
Cali to Sinus Perficus,and the Illaud of Ormus and fo — large and great Riuer Indus, 
where he hath bis fall into the maine Octan, in 23. degrees and an halbe, vnder the twyike of Cay, 
cet. al Meptentrion all latitude, they made their courſe againe directly towards the South. and be 
gan to difcourt,people and plant vpon che Cleſi five of che bither India at Goa, Mangallor, Ca. 
nanor,Calecute and Cochin, and the Alland of Zeilam. 
And here J thinke good to remember to pou, that after their planting vpon this coat, their 
ſoxtes grew fo great that they were able to compell all the Moores, the ſubiectes of the mightie 
Emperour of the Turkes to pap tribute vnto them. euer as the y palltd the quife of Arabia, from 
the pont ol Mecca in Arabia felix here Mabomtt lieth buried, o any of the other portes of the 
fapd land, euer as they paſſed to and ſrom the hauens of Cochin, Calecute and Cananor and by 
their martial maner of diſtipline pyactiſed in thoſe partes, the great and nughtie prince the Sos 
phie Emperdur of the Perſians. and poleſſed ene mie to the Tutke came to the knowlenge and vſe 
ol the Caliuer ſhot, aud to enterlate and io ne lootemen wth bis hoyſemen, ſuhenet which tune the 
Perfians haue growen to chat ſtrengtb and force, that the y haue giuen many nightie and great 
ouertlnowes to the Turkce, to the great quiet of all Chyiſlendome. 

Aud from the Bland ol Zeilam afopelayy, chep alſo diſcouertd moze Eaſt in paſſ ng the quite 
of Bengala, aud fo paſſed the notable and famous Riuer of Canges. where hee hatt bis fall into 

Chetearethe the mame Ocean, vndet the tropike of Cancer, and to the Cape of Malaca, aud vnto the great 
Bs as is ad large Illands of Sumatra, laua maior, laua minor, Mindano, Palobane, Celebes,Gilolo, 
fm Eng Tidore,Mathin,Borncio, Machian, Terrenace and all other the Illands of Molucques and Sp 
amet te ceties and ſo Eat alangſt the coats of Cathaia. ta the paptesof China, Zaiton and Quiinfay, n 
Hands bath ar to the Illand ol Zipango and lapan, ſtuate in the Caſt, in 37. degrees of Septentrionall lati: 
Slabr bens, tude and in 195. ol longitude. Cheir noble and woßchy diſtoueries ere allo is nat to det foygots 
wheretbe ten that in the peere al our Lond, 1501. that famous ¢ wooythy gentleman Americus Velpucius, 
taune of 08 did diltouer, people aud plant to their ble the hold and foyces whirhtbep haue in Braſul, of hom 
excellent ar (he being but a ppiuate Gentlemau)the whole countrep o} firme land ol the CCleſt Indies, is conn 
baue. noni y called and knomen bpebename of Aiperica, 

J doe greatly doubt leaſt I ſeeme ouertedions in the ret itall of the particular difcoueries and 
conqueſts of the Eaſt and Aci Indies, wherein J was the moge bold to vrge the patiente of the 
Reader. to the end it minke moſt ma rifelp and at large apptare, to all ſuch ag are not acquainttv 
with the bittories, how che king of Poxtingal, whole countrey lo popularitie and number of pro: 
ple, is fcarce comparable to ſome thnec (hires of England, and che king of Dpatne like wle, 
whofe naturall tountrey doeth not greatly abound with people, both which pinces by meanes of 
their difcoucries within leit then 90. peeres pat, haue as it appeareth both migheilp and matut· 
louſiy enlargedtheir territoies and dominions though their owne indultrie dy the aſliſtance of 
the ommnipot ent, whofe aide we ſhall not nerd to doubt, ſeeing the taule and quure ll which we take 
in hand tendethto his honour and glory, by che enlargement of the Ciniſtian faith. 

To conclude, ſince by chyiſtian dutie we Rand bound chiefly to further all ſuch acts as doe tend 
to the encrealing the true ſlocke of Chyilt by reducing into the right waytbole loſt ſheꝛpe which att 
yet aſtray: And that we ſhall therein follow the example of our right vertuous predeceflons of ree 
nowmed memozie, and leaue unto our polteritie a deume memo nal of fo godly an enterpxle : Let 
vs J Cap for the confiderations alleaged, enter into iudgement with our lelue s, whether this artis 
on may belong to vs ox no, the rather fo) chat this voiage though the mightic aſſiſtance of the 
onmipot ent God, ſh ill take our defiren effect ( i erenf there is no iuſt cauſe of doubt). Then thall 
ber Maieſties dominions be enlargen her hig bneſſe auncient titles iuſtly confirmed, all odious i. 
dlenes Front this our realme vtterly han ſhed, diuers decaied to wnes repaired. and many poore and 

needie perfons relicued, and eftates of ſuch as now liue in waut ſhall be embette red, the iqnopant 
and barbarous idol tere taugt to knaw Ciniit, the innocent defended from their bloodie tynum 
call neighbours, the diabolitall cuſtome of facrificing humane creatures aboliſbed. 
Au which (no man doubteth) are things gratefull in the ſight of our Sautour Chuſt. and ten 
ding to the honour and glopp ol the Cruntit. Wee ol good chetre thertloze, lo het that cannot 
‘ ere 


M.cA ldworth 


gere huhlayd : That bets 
dübub good wahr F cre 


Francis Pizarro in the 
isthe Eal Let va cheref 


eauing the coprection a 
nuch 03 coo litle m otheti 


Aletter writte 
then Maior of ¢ 
fingham 


10 de b — 
5 Aol 
lt, 9 good 


my brethren and the rell 
fare. betauſe we meane 
end of Apuill next com 
eftate, Briſtow. Mare 


Abriefe and fur 


hichermott parts of 
inducement to fa 
disburfing the 
maund for 

disbur 

h 


J ba 
manp other foren vot 
be the better able to ca 
the voiage, which is y 


— — . —— — —ñ—ñ— — — 
AMA. A ldworths letter. ol the Englith nation. 718 
SSS 
ttt bath fapd : That betore the ende of the world, his word shall be shed ions, 
bub good wopke J truſ is referucd fo) out nation co — Nee — 
my dente countre pmen, be not deſmaitd, lo) the power of God is nothing dem: miſded, nop che loue 
par be bath to the preaching and planting of the Ooſpelll any whee abattd. Vball wet tben doubt 
— teady ve mig beily — — to br our —— in this quareil, which is 
principal vndertaken fo the enlargement ii ’ . 
mit 0 idlenes at home then be was to Coltni Velen mt . — 
Francis Pizarro in the Wet e Vaſques de Gama, Peter Aluares, and Alonſo de Albuquerque 
inthe Caller us therrloge wich cheerefull mindes and couragious heatts. giut tbe attempt and 
VꝓSꝓSꝓ“¼!.. al ne clin can pony ta a 
n e Reader, medi 5 
much az too litle, a othetwiſe vuperfect. I take leaue, and ſo end. * 


Aletter written from M. Thomas Aldworth merchant, and 
then Maior of the citie of Briltow,to the tight hononrable Sir Francis Wal- 
fingham principall Secretarie to her Maieſtie, concerning a We- 
ſterne voiage intended for difcoucriesin America. 


eMate, Briſtow. March 27. 1583. 


Abriefe and ſummarie diſcourſe vpon the intended voyage to the 
hichermott parts of America : written by captaine Catlill in Apiill, 1383. forthe bettet 
inducement to ſatiſſie fuch Merchants of the Mofcouian companie and others, as in 
disburfing their money towards the furniture ofthe prefent charge, doe de- 
maund forthwith a preſent returne of gane, albeit their faid particular 
disburſements are required but in very. {lender fummes, the 
higheft being 25. li. the fecond at 12.1i, 10,8, and 
che loweſt at 6. pound fiue fhillings. 


ben the Goldſmith deſireth to finde the certaine goodntiſe ofa peece of guid, 

which is ne wl y offered unte bim, be 7 Couch 

none, twbere, by ng the thetw op couch of this neu piece with the couch 

oz ſbem of chat which be hnotweth of old. be ſooyth with is able to fudge what the 

0 value is of that. which ia ne bol offered nto him. After tbe erample wbertef 7 

baue thougbt it good to make Come byiefe repttitton of the particular eftate of 

munp other fonren voiage s and trade s alteady frequented and kuo wen bnto vs, mbere by pou map 
be che better able to comceiue and iudge that tertame like lybood of good there is to be expected in 
the veiage, which is prefently recommended vnto pour knowlenge and refolucion, rel 


\ 


— —-— [ 
719 The voyages and diſcoueries MA. (hriſlopher Carlile, 


SHPolcouse, 


purtepinen. 


Curkie. 


Lenant. 


Warbarie. 


SPpaine, 
Woltu wall. 


—— —— . —e— — — 

And lirſt to lay downe that of Pofcouta, whole beginning is pet in the remembpaunce of me: 
nyꝛ It is well ho wen, that what by the charges of the lirſt viſtouerie, and by the grtat gifts te, 
Mowed on the Emperour and his Mobilicie, together with che le wd dealing of ſome of their fey 
ununts, who thought chemicues fafe enough from opverlp punithment, it coll the companie » 
boue foure ſ hoe choufand pounds, befope is could bee bought to any profitable reckoning, And 
now that after ſo long a patience and ſo great a burthen of expences, the fame beganto frame to 
fome good tourſe and commoditie : It lalleth to very tickliſp cermes, and to as {lender likely hood 
of anp further goodneſſe as any other trade that may be named. 

F Ar the eftace of hale tountreys and the Emperours vealinſps, art things mut fickle then 
ate by euerp bodp vnderſtood. i 5 

txt the Dutchink are there fo crepe in, au thep dailp augmenttbeir trave thitber. which map 
well confirine that vncertaintie olthe Emperozs diſpoſition to heepe promife with our nation, 

Chirdly. the qualitie of che voiagt, fig as map not be performed but once the yeere. 

Fourthly che charges ofall Ambaſſadours betwerne that Bunte and her Paieſtie, are al: 
wayes bonne bp the merchants Rocke. 

And laſtly the danger of the king of Denmarke, who belives that prefentlp be is like to enforce 
a tribute on vs, bath like wile an aduantage vpon the ſbips in their veiage, either bomewards oz 
outwards whenſoeuer he liſteth to take the opportunitic, a 

Che badde dealings of the Caterlings are ſufficiently knowen to bee ſuch towartz our mer 
chaunts ol that trade, as they doe not onely offer them manic iniuries ouer loug to bee witten 
but doe fecke all the meanes they can, to depiue them wholy of their occupying that wap: and e 
the fame purpole haue of late cleane debarred them their actuſtomed and auncient puuiledges m 
all their great to wnes. 

Che traffique into Curkie, beſides that by ſume it is thought a hard point to haut ſo mich 
familiaritie with the poleſſed and obſtinate enemit of Chyiſt: It is t wiſe a voyage which can 
not be made but at che deuotion, and as it were in the daunger of many dates, who o funny te 
ſpects are apt to quarell with vs vpon ſudden octaſions, and the preftnesto be giuen away in Tut. 
hic this peere colt litle lellethen two cheufand pounds, 

As for the trades into all the partes of Italie, it map ealilic be confldered by cuery one of iudge: 
ment, that che fame Mande in the like termes touching the paflages, as that of Turkic, and 
that many times our Shippes being taken in the wap by the Gallies of Barbarie, our poche 
Mariners alter the loſſe ol their and traueil, are fet at ſuch exteſſtue raunſomes befrre 
they tan bee freed of their ſlauerie, as {01 the moſt part they are no way able tu diſcharge. As fo 
example, at this infant there are fome ppifoners, opittarie Mariners, for whole releaſing 
thers mutt bec paied two hundzed Duckees the man, ſoꝛ ſome three hundged, pea, foure op fue 
bundzed Duckers the man fo2 fome of them. And ham enuiouflp they doe alreadie oppoſe then 
ſelues again our frequenting into their partes, map appeare by the late cuſtoms which they haue 
impoſed as well vpon our Engliſb which we bring them, as allo vpon ſuchther mers 
thandize which we fetch from chem. 

The trade into Barbarie groweth like wiſe to woꝛſe termes then before times, and when it 
was at the beſt, our merchants haue bene in danger of all their goods they hadthert, whenſotuer 
it happened the king to die. Fon untill a new were cholen, the libertie of all diſoꝛdered perfons u 
ſuch, as they ſpoile and wrong whom they Lift, without any redzeſſe at all. 

Touching Spaine and Poreingall, with whom we haue very grrat trade, and much the geen 
ter, by means ol their venting a good part of our wares iuto their Indies, as alſo of the pꝛouican 
they haue from the ſame, where with are made many of our returnes fromthem againt: It fallech 
out that twiſe the peere oꝛdinarily we fend our Flectes into thoſe parts: Do that whenſoturr th 
king of Spaine liſteth to take the opportunitie, hee may at theſe ſeaſons depnue vs not onely of a 
great number of our very good chips, but alfo of our honeſtett and ableſt (ort of Mariners that art 


to bee found in aur whole Realme agapne, which is a matter of no ſmall confequence : for it is to 


be noted. that when hee ſhall cake a quarell in band, though it bee but his owne patticulaip, pet 
hath be the meanes to put in hazard as well thuſe our ſhippes which are in his owne Countries of 
Spaiue and Poringall, as alſo all others much hall be bound tu any the partes of all Italie oꝛ 
of Curkic either. And further whafoeuer bee bee that is but fo meanely affected in Religion, as 
of necelſttie beronnneth euerp axdinarie man and good Chyiſtian to be, cannot but be agricued in 
bis beart tu confiver, chat his chif den and ſeruaunis whom hee deſireth to haue well bought vp. 
art in theſe trades of Spaine and Boxingall, and all Italie, forced to denie their owne pꝛofeſſi 
on, and made to acquaint chemfelnes with that which the Parents and Waters doe vtterlte 
benie 


M. Cbriflophe 


penicandrefule, pea w 


2 Seconolpthat 
oflike length, are fubicd 
3 Thirdlp,chat it is 
on any 
ward oz home ward vpol 
6 Dixtly that it is ti 
ij fate, when it is comp 
7 Auto the godiy 
tours, bee they their {a 
trous Religion enforcer 
aid (hall finde the fame 


ers. 
* merchaunt 


bee lound then the bare 
ter onely to ſerue halfe a 
loto me fo ſubſtantiallp, 

But when it is aſke 
fivered, that this ſituatit 
ther of thole partes whi 
ward, 

In the Mortherlie mw 
md Thales, but alfo 
Nowe: as ſditche, Car 
and other ſuch like, with 
late that ſhall be in ſucl 
bp meanes of their ſtrai 

As for thofe partes 
dull peeld ¶Aines with 
ry faire and in great 
Dypaine, Pꝛouin ce and 
nie, we will giue them 
dam to pouide the far 
earneftlp care to haue t 
is ol good meanes to m 
nough appeare vnto the 


in. 

Thus much fo the 
when it map haue plea 
planted amongſt thi n 
ting them, they bee m. 
that info many Contes ¢ 


M. Cbriftopber ( ariile. of the Engliſh nation. 


denic and tetuſe, pea which many ol them dot in their ownt hearts abhohre ag a detellable and 


moſt wicked doctrine. 


But who ſball looke into the qualitie of this vopage, being directed to the latitude of fortie de 
grets 0p thereaboutes,of that bithermot part of America, (hall find it bath as many — 
. eee e ee . 

1 n ie is not an 1 
froin foure monetbs after the Gxt bifcouertechereo, 7 e pei 


oflike length, are Subiect to 3.03 4. windes. 

3 pi ogy is to be perfournted at all times of the peere, 

4 Fourchly, that che pallage is vpon the bigh (ea, whereby pou are not bound to the knowledge 
ti dangers an any other coat, moze then of that coumerep and of ours here at home. 

5 Fiftly,chatchole partes of England and Ireland, which lie aptett for the proceeding our 
ward op bomeward vpon this voyage, are very well ftopeD of goodly harboys, 

6 Mipelp,that it is to be accounted of no danger at all as touching 5 power of any foren prince 
ij Rate, when it is compared with anp the belt of all the other voiages before recited, 

7 Audto the godly minded, it hath this comfortable commoditie, that in this trade their Face 
tours, bee they their ſeruauntes 02 childzen, hall baue no inttruction ox conſtſlions ol Idola⸗ 
trous Rellgion enkozced vpon them, but contrarilp (hall bee at their free libertie of conſctence, 
aid (hall finde the fame Religion exerciſed, which is mot agreeable vnto their Patentes and 


Maſters. 

As for che merchaundtling. which is ehe matter eſperially looked fop, albeit, that for the prer commodities 
leut, ur are not certaincly able co promiſe mrp fuch he quantitie, as is nom at the bett time of Of tbe chu r 
the Moſtouian trade brought from thence : Do likewile is there not demaunded any {uch pꝛo⸗ tbole of Amort 
portion of daily expences, as was at the irt, and as pet is con ſumtd in that ol Moſcouia and o 


ther, 

But when this of America ſhall haue bene haunted and practifen thirtie peeres to an ende, 
asthe other hath bene, I doubt not by Gods grace, that for the tenne ſwippes that are now com. 
monlp employed once the peere into Moſcouia, there (hall in this voyage ctuſe tenne be imploy⸗ 
n well, twiſe the peere at the leaſt. And il for the meſent time there doe fall out nothing els to 
bee fount then the bare F hing, pet doubt I not after the firſt peeres planting, but by that mac» 
tur onely to ferue halte a dozen of pour belt fort ol ſbips, although my ſupply of people dot not fos 
lum me fo ſubſtantially, as in all reafon may be well loohed for, 


But when it is aſked what may bee hoped from chence alter ſome peeres, it is firt to bee cons be teveran 
fivered, that this ſituation in fourtie degrees, hall bee very apte to gather the commodities ei⸗ werchandile. 


ther of thole partes which ſtande to the Bouthward ol it, as alſo of thole which are co the Ronh⸗ 
ward, 

Juche Nontberlie map bee expected not onely an eſpetiall good Fiſbing for Salmon, Codde, 
and CCibales, but alſo any other ſuch commodities, as the Caſlerne countreps doe peeld vs 
howe: asypierbe, Carre, Oempe, and thereof Copdage, Maſtes, Loſſhe hives, riche Furres, 
and other ſuch like, without beyng in any fort beholding to a king of Denmarke, op other prince o 
llate that ſhall be in ſuch (ore ableto commaund our ſhips at their ple aſure, as thoſe doe at this dap, 
by meanes of their ſtraight pallages and ſtrong Mipping. 

As fop thoſe partes tahich lie TTleſt and to the Southwardes, it map well bee hoped they 
dull pee lo ines with a ſmall helpe, ſince the grapes doe gro we there of themſelues alreadie 
ry faire and in great aboundaunce. Dliues bepng once planted, will peeld the like Ople as 
Sypaine, Pꝛouin ce and Italie. The countrey people beyng made to know, that for Taxe and hos 
nie, we will giue them ſuch crifling things as they deſire of vs, and ſheuing them once the means 
dam to pouine the fame, the labour thereof beyng ſo light, no doubt but in ſboꝛt time they will 


katneſtlp care to haue the fame in good quantitie foros, Befives, what great lthelphood there 1 o/ len 
is ol good meanes to make Salte, which may ſerue for the ſiſhing of thofe partes, map well e⸗ m waiques 
— can iudge the qualitie of ſuch places as are required to make the Dis vH. 


m. - 

Thus much for the beginning becaule they may bee had with an eafle kind of trauell, but 
hen it may haue pleaſed God to eſtabliſh our people there any fuch time as they may haue 
planten amongſt them lundꝛie nartes of the Countrey, and that by gentle and familiar entreas 
ting them, they bee made to ſ e what is better for them then they doe as pet vnderſtand of, and 
that info many fortes of occaſid is as mere infinite to bee ſet do wne. It is to r. 

t 


— — 


720 


2 
2 Mecondlpchaccne wind luffileth to make the pallage, where ag moll ol pour other mm thoynedle, 


“SS. . aah 


a aac) 
721 The voyages and diſcoueries A4.Chriftoph.Carlile, 


Qher,caul 
two (enerall 
ſuppues. the 
two peeres 


fourteens tall 
tips. 


that they wall daily bp litle and litle fake chete barbarous and fauage lining, and growe to (uch 
oꝛder and ciuilitie with vs, as there may bee well expected from thence no lelle quantitie and ry: 
uerlitie ol merchaundise then is now had out ol Dutſhland. Italie, Fraunce op Ppaine, And ag 
the bowering neighbours art commonly the aptelſ to fall out with vs, ſo theſe partes being ſome . 
what remote, are che liker to take. oz giue leſſe occaflon ot diſquiet. But when it is tonſiderro that 
tbey ate our owe kindred, and eſtetmed our omune countrey nation which baue the gourmet, 
meaning by tho e who (hall be there plant ed, who can looke fp any other thenthe dealing of mol 
louing and moſt aſſured friends’ 

There are further to bee conlidered theſe two pointes of good importaunce, concerniug the 
matter ol trade. The one is, that by the good prolpering ol chis action, there mul of neceficie 
fall out, a very liberall vtteraunte of our Engliſh Clothes into a maine Counttep, deſtriben 
to bee bigger then all Europe, the larger part whereof bending to the Mothward, ſall haut 
wonderful great vſe of our fapde Englich Clothes, after they hall once come to knowe 
the commoditie thereof, Che tke will be alfo of many other things, ouermany to bee reckoned, 
which are made here by our Artificers and labouring people, and ol neceflicie mu bee moulded 
from hence. 

Che otber is, if there bee any poſlible meanes to linde a Sea paſſage oꝛ other Freth water 
tourſe, which map ſerue in ſome reaſonab le and conuentent loft, to tranſpopt our merthandtze 
into the Catt Indian Dea, tough anp of theſe Montherly partes or America, it Mall be foonek 
and moſt allure dip perfourmen by chefe who Hall inhabite and firk grow into familiaritie with che 
Inland people. 

cube Minerall matter may fall out to bee found, is a thing left in ſuſpence, neil ſome bet⸗ 
ter knowledge, becaufe there bee manp men, tho hauing long (ince expected ſome pofites heres 
in, vpon the great promifes that haue bene made them, and bepng ag pet in no point ſatifütd, 
vor tkereupon conceive that they bee but woꝛdes purpoſelp caſt out for the inducing of men 
to bee ive moze readie and willing to furnith their money towardes the charge of the kerl dib 
couerie. 

But nowe to anſwere fonre others who begin with an other obiection, ſayiug: Chat it is not 
for the merchaunts purſe co continue the charges of tranfporting and plantings and that fince 
theſe hundred men which are now to bee planted, will colt foure choufand pound: It is then to 
bee thought, that the charge ol a farre greater number, will bee alfo a farte greater ſumme of 


money. 

CCihereunco J anſwere, chat in all attempts vnkno wen, efpeciallp ſuch a one as is this, whert · 
with wee are prefencip in bande, the kult charges are commonlp aduentured in more deſpt 
rate kinde, then chofe that fallow vpon ſome better knowledge: and therewith it falleth out, 
that whereas one aduentureth in the lirſt encerppife , an hundzed ſoz that one will of chemfelues 
bee willing and deſtrous to aduenture in the next, ik there bee neuer fo litle moge apparance, that 
the entended matter is by ſome knowledge of our owne, found true in ſome points ofour fra pe 

tion. 
The ex mples are many, and may eaſily be remembꝛed by hole who Lee merchants, even in 


— deg eet their opdinarie and dailp trades, as well as in extraodinarie attempts, which of late peeres haut 
Area fallen into tboſe termes of ſome likelphood, as is aboueſapde. Oo tben no doubt. but when cer 


taine repoꝛtes (hall be bꝛought by them who directly come from thence, that ſuch a Countrey and 
people they haue themſelues (ene, as is by vs ſpoken of, but that then there will come forward 


next lolowwing. a greater number oktboſe, who now neither haue heard any ching of the matter, as alſo of others, 
Aber abet who peſentiy make ſuch kriuolous ſcruple, and will not ocherdwiſe be latiſied, then by the w 


poꝛtol Saint Thomas. J ſpeake not this bythe merchaunts whom foz their freedomes of trade 
I would not baue pꝛeſſed to any further charge then this fir preparation, but rather by ſuch as 
haue great affection to hazard the changing of their eſtates, and would be well content to goe in 
the vopage if they might onely be allured that there is ſuch a countrep, and that their mony ſbould 
not be waſted to nothing in the preparations, 

The right examination ot this point mutt bee the contrary ſequell of the common Mourtbe 
chat is vſed, Nothing venture, nothing haue: fo on the other five by venturing, manp great 
good profites are found out, to the wonderfull benefice of the Common weale, aud to thoſe es 
ſpeciallie in priuate, mho take on the hazarde of their life aud trauell, 07 ſubſtaunce in the fir 
attemptes: and therefore J wouldwithe that they, who (Gad bee thanked) are well able to 
{pare that which is required of eache one towardes the vndertakyng of this aduenture, bet 
well content and willing to emploie the lame, Ünce che fequell in good and * 
rtaſon 


M..Chriftopber 


reaton doth ppomuufe not 
pone cvercife the crave 
me in poope efate, and i 
better degree. Ciberete 
ſuſpecteth 


But as it is a very litt 
mutter, ſo is it moe then 
nme, to make any nom 

to a matter of fo 

othoſe who haue a 

this much more, that C 
1a as any other that nia 
mot ercellent wopke, | 
but alfo in teſpect of our 
pnprofitable and often t 


Henne pep 


parents „art Dy 
tien they fall into fund) 
muurilp troubled, art! 
might bee ſounde fome 
part of them would bee! 


mo by fone lit le contin 
Gcan affure pou, was a 
wichall to a purpoſe of: 
1 hop 

Thus pou fee in eu 
matter and reaſon pne 
ter the quicke, and to f 
ching che trade which 
becaufe my addꝛeſſe h 
which followeth, the 
very direttly. 

An the peere 153 
America, which lye to 
ich vopage bis pin 
haue bene founde out i 


where hee keeping the 
nada and other places, 
by the wap, hee arriue 
ofthe Grand bay. J 
the moneth of Dctobe 
at large in this diſco 
bimttife Holy Croſſe. 
the like happeneth w 


ttalon Doth ppomufe not ont ly a greag temmoditie in partituler to the bo Mall hett 

pone exercile the trade of Marchandiſe : but allo to r 
lt in poohe eftace, and may by taking che oyyotunitie of this diſtout ret alter tbe fame to a farce 
better degree. CcAherelope to make fome tonctuſion vpon this point of the Patt haute miſdoubt. 
who luſperteth leat ches ck dtſ butſi ment, muthout i ctut ue of prefent gaine,dhoulo not be all bis 
cuurge hut chat ukterwarden bee might pet further be vnged te couttmut the uke ag ame, as bath 
bappened in the diſcouerie ol the Moſc ouian trade: It may ſuffitt to coſider, chat this is not an 
uon, which concerneth one ly the Parchants pattitulerip, but a great dealt move che gencrall 
mol people thoughout all æug land: Aud that when ſuch re lation (hall bet returned, as tbat it 
map de founde a mutter mofthy the folowing, the whole gencralicic will not refule to coutmibutt 
towards the furtherauct ttyereof,racher then it ould unt kt. io want of any reafonable ſupply. 

But as it is a very littie time, ince I baut bene throughly refolued, to trie mp loxunt in the 
matter, fo is it mont then time. the pꝛeyaration tere in bande already, aud therefore no litt time 
pour, to make any nomber of ignoꝛant men to vnderſtande with re t tircumſtauct chat bes 

to a matter of fo great can ſideration and importance, 
othoſe who haue any fon warde minde in well doing to the generalitit ol mankinde, J fa 

this much moje, that Chrittian charitie doeth as greatly perſwade the furtherance ofthis act 
nag any other that map bee layed belope vs, in as much as thereby, wee (hall not one ly doe a 
moft excellent twopke, in reſpect of reducing the fauage people to Chyiſlianitie and ciuilitic, 
but alſo in reſpect of our poore fort of people, which are very many among vs, liuing altogether 
pnppofitable and often times to the great diſquiet ol the better (oye. Fon who knowetb not, ho we 
che long peace, happie health. and bleſſrd plentifulneſſe, where with Goo bath enoucd this 
alme, that the people is ſo mig htily encreaſed, as a great nomber being brought vp, during 
their youth iu their parents houfes, without an y inſtruction howe tu get their Linings, after theit 
parents veceafe , art duuen to ſome neceſſitie, whereby very often, for want of better educas 
tun they fall into ſundyy difoprers,and ſo the good fore of people, as I lapde beſcht ate by them 
p troublen, and themſelues ledde on, to one Thamefull ende op other. whereas il there 
bee ſounde fome ſuch kinve of imployment, as this woulde bee, no doubt but a greater 
part of them would bee wirhhe lde. rom falling into fuch vile Deedes 1 and in Reade thereol, pꝛoue 

greatly ſeruiteable in thole affaires, where they might be fo imployed. 

This Iſpeake of mine owne experience, baring ſerne diuers tome ouer to the warres of tbe 
lowe Countreis, during mp reſidente in the fame, who here had bene very euill and idle liucrs, 
moby fone litle continuance with vs, haue growen to be very induſtrious in their ſacultie, which 
tan aſlure pou, was a more painefull maner of lining, then in this action is like to fall out. and 
withall to a purpoſe of farre leſſe valt w, in refpect ol their particuler tecompence shen with an al 
fared kinde of good hope is looked for in this. 

Thus pou fee in euery point, that may bee wilhed fo, in a good action and voyage, there is 
matter and reaſon pnough to faciffie che well diſpoſed. But nowe ta growe ſome what nee · 
ter the quicke, and to ſhewe pou fome greater apparaunce, then bach bene pet ſpoken ol tou · 
ching the trade which is the onely ſubiect wheretwich I doe meane to tutermeddle at this time, 
betauſe my addꝛeſſe hereby is chtelly to men of ſuch like larultie: you map vnderſtande by that 
which followeth, the circum@ance of a little diſcourſe, which doeth concerne theſe matters 
very directly. 

Gin the peere x 5 3 4. lames Carthicr of S. Malo, made his firft diſcouerie of thoſe partes ol 
America, twbich lye to the LUeſtwardes, and as it were on the backe ſide of Newfoundland, In 
which vovage his prucipall intention was to ſeeke out the pallage, which hee pꝛeſumed mig be 
haue bene founde out into the Catt Indian ſea. otherwiſe talled the paflage to Cathayo, but chis 
here he went no higher then the Illande ol the Aſſumption in the great bay of S. Laurence, and fo 
teturned backe into Fraunce, : 

Che next perre following hee went with greater prouifion into the Grand on on 
where hee keeping the Nontherly Choare, ranne vp the great Riuer that comes bowie from Ca- 
nada and other places, vntill at laſt with his (mall pinnaſſes, ( hauing leit his great hipping 
bp the wap, hee arriued at Hochelaga towne, being three bundzeth leagues within che entrauce 
ofthe Grand bay. In which trauaile hee bad {pent fo much of the peere, that it was nowe 
the moneth of October, and therefore thought it conucnient, for the better enſoꝛming bimſelfe 
at large in this diſcouerie, to Minter it out in thoſe partes, which hee did at a plate called by 
limlelte Holy Croſſe. This U inder fell out to be a very long and hard winter. as many times 
the like happenerh with vs in chefe partes, at the fauage people, who ſoz the mol 4— 

tt 


— — — 
M. Chriflopher Carlile. of the Engliſh nation. 722 


r 


SIND Ea a 


A £> 


a ee 


— 


> 
— 
— * 


T= 


14 


1.25 


22 

82 

= = 

<= 

. 

— = 

q 1 

522 == 
a, 

w * 

N 
48 a 
su 

— 


~ 


> 
. 


The yeere 
1581. 


7 The voyagesanddilcoueries A. iH ber Carla 


make but a ſlender kinve of pronifion, euen as it were from bande to mouth fell into ſome fcarcie 
tie of victuals; pet did they not refufe to ſerue the Frenchmen, with anything they had allehe 
Winer long, albeit at ſomewphat higher prices tomarden the ende, when the neede was mol, 
as with our ſelues the like happeneth at ſuch times. 

But when the French had hav their wantes ſeruen all the yerre, and chat as pet they ſawe noe 
anp apparance of thetr entended matter, which was the viſcouerie ofthe pallage , e pet imagining 
bp che 4 — where with the willing people, endeuouren to declare their knowledge in that poine, 
that ſome good matter might bee had krom chem, if they might haue bene well vnderſioode they 
reſolued with themlelues, to take ſome ol the fufficientet men of that Countrey home into 
Fraunce, and there to keepe them fo long, as that hautng once attbieurd the Frenche tongue, 
thep might declare moze ſubſtantialiy their minde, and kno wlerge in the ſayde paſſage, conciue 
bing this to be the meane of leaſt charge o leatt trauaile. and of leaſt hazard, 

And when they came to bethinke themlelues, vo might bee meetelt for it, hep determined to 
take the King, as the perſon who might be bett enfourmed ok ſuch partes, an were ſomewhat re⸗ 
mote from his owne Countrey, as alſo that for the reſpect of him the people would bee alwayes 


readie, and content to doe them any kurther ſeruice, when it ould happen them to returne thither 


againe about the difconerie. . 

Thus the poore king of che Countrey, with two oꝛ three others of his chiefe companions come 
ming aboarde the Frenche ſhippes, being requiven thicher to abanquet, was traiteroulip taried 
away into France, where hee lined foure peeres, and then died a Chpittian there, as Theuetthe 
French kings Coſmographer doeth make mention. This outrage and inturious dealing. did 
put the whole Countrep people into fuch dillike with the French, as neuer fince they would ad 
mit anp conuerfation, 02 familiaritie with chem, vntill of late peeres,the olde matter beginning to 
growe out of minde, and being the rather dꝛawen on by giktes of manp trifling thinges, which 
were of great value with chem, they are (as J ſalde) within theſe two oz three peeres content 
againe N admit a trafique, which two peeres fince, was begonne with a {mall barke of thirtie 


tumes, whofe returne was kounde lo pꝛoſttable. as the next peere following, being the lalt peere, 
dr 


e Parchants, who meant to haue kept the trade ferret vnto theme lues, from any others 
of their owne Countrey men, there was hired a ſhippe of foure {core tunnes out of the Ile of Ier- 
fey but not any one Mariner of that place, ſauing a ſhepboy. This ſbippe made her returne in 
uch ſoꝛt, as that this peere they haue multiplied chice ſbippes, to twit, one of nine {core tunnes,an 
otber of an hundzeth tunnes, and a thirde of foure ſtoze curmes : which report is given by verp 
ſubſtantiall and honelt men ol Plimmouth, who ſabe che (aide fhippes in readineſſe to depart on 
their vopage, and were abooꝛd of fome of them. 1 

Pere is at this inſlant in the towne a man ok Gerneſey, Lewis de Vicke, who repoꝛteth to haue 
tredibly heard, that by this laſt peeres voyage the Frenchmen gyotte foureteene oz ſiſteene hum 
deeth for euery one hundꝛeth: But ho we ſoeuer it be, it carieth good like lyhoode of ſome notable 
pꝛoltte, in aſmuch as they doe fo greatly, and thus ſuddenly entreaſe the burchen and nomber of 
their thippes this pꝛeſent peere. 

Mowwe.ifin fo litle as two peeres times chis vopage of che Nontherne partes bee growne to 
ſuch good palle as hath bene declared vnto pou: it is worth the thinking on to confiver what may 
be hopedfoz, from the Southerne part: which in all reaſon may pꝛomiſe a great veale moe. And 
ſo ag one who was neuer touched with any indirect meaning, A pꝛeſume to with and perſwade 
pou to ſome better taking of this matter to heart. as a thing which I doe verelp thinke will turne 
to pour greater and mode aſſimed conmuditie, chen you receiue bp any other bopage, as pet ftes 
quented of fo hore and ſafe a courte as this bath: dealing be ein no otherwiſe with vou for pour 
ſeuerall (mall ſummes, then J doe with my ſelle, both ſoz moze of mine ane, then is required of 
any one of pou: beſides the bazard and trauaile of my perſon, and the totall implopment of my 
poore credite, which (J chanke God) hath hitherto pallen cleare and vnſpotten in matters of grew 
tet impoꝛtauce and difficultie, then is like to fall out in this berweene pou and me. 


Articles 


M.Christo, 


Articles 
half 


Grae SE 
there one whole per 
ofthe particular eft 


prouided foz. 
Fick, that they i 

turers, and ſhall bar 

der, and other metta 


Golde anv Muer, ag 
tonfent of the great 


mentioned lache i 
tien: and they Chall 
Nopoftion ofchis tt 


—— 
r Carlile, 
o ſome fcarcis 


hey had allthe 
ede was moff, 


they ſawe not 
et imagining 
in that point, 
erſtoode, they 
ey home into 
enche tongue, 
Mage, conclue 


eterminedto 
ſome what res 
o bee alwayes 


eturne thither 


panions com- 
eroulip caried 
18 Theuct the 
s dealing, did 
ep would ade 
beginning to 
inges, which 
eres content 
the of thirtie 
the laſt peere, 
many others 
he Ille of ler- 
per returne in 
ne tunneg, an 
iueu by very 
e to Depart on 


rtech to haue 
fifteene hun · 
ſome notable 
nd nomber of 


e growne to 
er what may 
le moꝛe. And 
mo perſwade 
ke will turne 
ge, as pet fre⸗ 
vou fo2 pour 
8 require ot 
pment of my 
tters of grew 


Articles 


Articles fet downe by the Committies appointed in the be. 
halfe of the Companie of Maſcouian Marchants,to conferre 
with Matter Carleil, vpon his entended diſcoueries and 


attempt into the hithermoft partes 
of America. 


The names of the (ommitties. 
Maſter Alderman Hart. 
Matter Alderman Spencer. 
Maſter Hoddeſden. 
Maſter William Burrough. 
Maſter Slany. 
Maſter Towerſon. 
Matter Stapers. 
Maſter Iohn Caſtelin. 
Maſter Leake. 


Tri, the Committies are well perl waded that the Countrey whereunte 
bis action pꝛetendeth is very fruitful, inhabited with fauage people ok a 
milde and tractable diſpoſition. And that ofall other places which are vn⸗ 


e dteequemev ar this dap, tis the only moft tte and molf commodions fe bs 
do entermeddle withall. 
f ail The conuenienteſt maner of attempting this enterppite,is thought to bee 


‘ 2 thus: That there ſhould be one hundꝛeth men conueyed thither to remaine 
there one whole peres who with friendly entreatic of the people, may enter into better knowledge 
elthe particular eſtate of the Countrep, and thereby gather a Yat commoditie map be hereafter, 


& pꝛeſentlp looked top. ; 

Che charge to tranſpoꝛt theſe hundꝛeth men co victuall them, and to furntlh them of munition 
dother needefull things, will not be leſſe then foure thouland poundes: whereof hach bene ves 
ty readily offered by the Citie of Byiſtoll one thouſande poundes, the rrũidewe being thꝛee thous 
lande pounds, remaineth to be furniſbed by this Citie of London: op any echers who will aduen· 
ture their money in this ſirſt preparation, 74 171 

She Committies thinke it conuenient that a pꝛiuiledge ould be procured by Maſter Carleil 
e mtr vertue whereof thele conditions and Articles following may be effectualtp 

5 f f 


Fiche, that they who Hall diſburſſe their money for the ſirſt preparation, (hall be named Aduen 
turets, and (hall baue the one halfe of all ſuch landes, territopies, townes, mines ol golde and ſil· 
aer, and other mettals what ſdeuer, that ſhall be found, gotten obtained, and conquered by this dite 
couerte : peelding to her Mafeltie one fife part ok all their part golde and ſiluer, as (hall happen 
to be had out ofany mines that fo (hall be found. 

Chat thoſe parties which doe emplope themlelues perſonally in the pꝛelent bifcoueric, hail 
be named Cuterppiters, and ſhall haue the other halfe of all the landes, terruozies, tobmes, 
mines of Golde aum ſiluer, and other mettalles, peelding to her Maieſtie the lift part ol the 
Golde and ſiluer, as the A dueuturers doe: The fame to bee diſtributed by the Geuerall, with the 
tonfent of the greateſt part of twelue viſcreete perſons to bee chofer out of the whole nomber of 


Allo. chat all trade of ntatthandiſe which Mall bee vſed to and from thole partes, which by this 
vifconerie thall be found out, hall appertaine onely to the Aduenturers Which fire (hall dil burlſe 
their money fop this diſcouerte, with probibition to all other her Maieſties lubiects, and other 
Parchants to deale in the (aioe partes, without the conſent of the fir A duenturers, pon lolle 
otlhippe and goon, ann puniſbmeut oktheir perfons, that fo fall aduenture in trade of marchan · 
viles od ocherwile by impuiſonment at the Companies pleaſure. 

Chat uo perſon thalt hereafter aduenture in this dilevuerie, as Aduenturers kon che profites 
mentioned inthe firſt articles, but ſuch onelp as doe dil burſſe their money in this fic preparas 
tion: and they thall not aduenture bercafter any greaces ſumme then tatablp according to their 
proportion ofchis their firit aduencure 


TEtt a ald, 


Fig The voyagesand dilcoueries Sir Walter Ng 


Alſo, the profite which by this diſtouerie (hall be attained buco, either by lande which mayb 
eunlütten, arbeit gotten sas atts facb pant wbichby this diſcouerie Gall bee ein hb 
mines, op otberwile gotten, that eehe one thall haue his part rate and rate like: atcoꝛding to the 
proportion of their fir aduenture, and not otherwiſe. 

Che aduenturersin this lirſt preparation, hall at their one free will and libertie, choole whe, 
ther they will ſupply hereafter any further charge 02 not: if there doe fall out any ſuch octaſon 
to require the fame, And pet withall Chall for euer holde to them the freedome of thetrade, 
sai thallgrowe in any of chele partes: Notwithſtanding their ſaide refulall to beare any fur. 
ther charge. 

That 0 the Patent wbich is to be obtained, bee granted, that all her Paieſlies lubiects 
tranfpore themlelues thither that (hall be contented to goe . And that the patente oz his allignes 
map ſhippe thither from time to time, fo many and {uch perſons, men, women and childzen, as 
they thall chinke meete. And the fame perfons to inhabite oz remaine there at their plealure, any 
lawe to the contrary notwithſtanding, with expꝛeſſe pꝛohibition as is mentioned in the thirde are 
ee all others, which hall goe thither without the licence of the patentee oz bis alligues 

t 


ained. 
Chat it healt not be lawſul for any of her Maieſties ſubiecta, o; anp other to inhabite op trafiqut 
within two hundzed leagues any wap of che place, where the General hall haue ſettled his chies 
keſt being oz reſidence. 


The letters patents, graunted by the Queenes Maieſtie 
to M. Walter Ralegh now knight, for the diſcouering 


and planting of new lands and Countreis, to continue 
the {pace and time of 6.yeeres and 
no more, 


fearch,fiuve out, and vie w (uch remote, heathen, aud barbarous lands, Countre is, and tertitmics, 
not actuallp pollefitn of auy Chꝛiſtan Myince, nop inbabiten by Chhiſtian people, asto him his 
heires and es, and to euerp o any of them ſhall ſeeme good, and the fame to haue, holde, oc⸗ 
cupie and enioy ta bim his heires aud aflignes fop euer. wich all pꝛerogatiues, cummodities iuriſ 
dictians ropalties, pꝛiuiledges, franchiſes and pebeminences, thereto oʒ thereabouts both by fea 
and land, whatſoeuer we by our letters patents may graunt, and as we o) any of our noble proges 
nitoys haue heretofore graunted to any perfon on perfons, bodies politique op corpozace: audthe 
ſuid Walter Ralegh, his heires and aflignes,and all nes from time to time, by licence of vs our 
heires and ſucceſſoꝝs thal goe op trauaile chicher to inhabite oz remaine, there to build and ſoztiſe, 
at che diſtretion of the ſaide Walter Ralegh, his heires and allignes the ſcatutes oꝛ acte of Parlia · 
ment made againſt fugitiues, op againſt ſuch as ſhall depart, remaine 02 continue out of our 
Realme of England wichout licence, oꝛ any other ſtatute, acte, lawe, d any opdinance whatſdeuer 
tothe contrary in any tile notwithſtanding. 

And we do likewiſe bytheſe pefents, of our efpecial grace, meere motion, and certaine knobo⸗ 
ue e e aud ſucceſlos. gine and graunt full autboꝛitie, libertie and powerto the 
ſald Walter Ralegh, his heires and aſſignes, and euery of them, that he audthey, and euer 0 any 
of them ſhall and may at all and euery time, and times hereaſter, haue, 2, and leade in the faive 
voyage, and trauaile thither ward oy to inhabite there with bim, oz them, and euerp oꝛ anp of hem, 
fuch,andfo many of our fubtects as thal willingly accompanie him oz them, and euery oy any of 
them: and to whom alſo we doe by theſe pꝛeſents, giue full libertie and authonitie in that bebalfe, 
and alſo to haue, take and employ, and vſe ſuffitient ſbipping and furniture for che tranfportatt: 
ons, and Nauigations in that bebalte, lo that none of the lame perfous oz any of them, be luch a 
hereafter (hall be reſtrained by vs, our heites 07 ſucceſſogs. 

And further that the lade Walter Ralegh, his heireg, and allignes, einen” 


5 W alter 7 


pane, holde, occupi 
foile of all ſuch lan 
mol all ſuch Cie 
franchiſes, and tur 
feas thereunto avio 
fee ſimple op ochert 
ueniently map bee, 
maine within the a 
and lucteſſoꝭs, fo, 
ſiluer, that from tit 
there gotten and ol 
the ſald Walter Re 
by the laid paimen 

And mozeouer, 
tente to the {aid V 
tuerp op any of the 
their defence, entco 
wayes Whatfoene 
liking aud licence 
habite within the 
neereco the place 
ted oz inbabiced wi 
in amitie with vs) 
oꝛtheir oz any of 
pivellings oz abid 
nop, either by fea 
bis 07 their, o an 


K 
ofthem, with thei 
Latofull pꝛize, acco 
and euery, oz any 
treis, landes, and t 
Eng lande, and Ir 
prefents, graunt a 
is afqeſaide, rom 
wee doe graunt to 
and to all, and eue 
noted oz entred in 
allent or the ſaide 
the iourneis fo co 
and to their, and f 
home within our 
giance. and which 
with ſuch lirence, 
perſons natiue ok. 
thep were bonne e 
oz blage to che con 
And kan afinu 
treis territonies 
ſelues in choſe for 
nes ech wich ocher 


Ralegh. 
ich map bee 
obtained by 
ding to the 


chooſe the, 
uch occafion 
of che trane, 
pare anp furs 


lealute, any 
he thirde are 
bis allignes 


te op trafique 
led his chit 


ie 


md Queene, 
s ſhall come, 


whatſoeuer 


aine know⸗ 
powerto the 
euery o any 
e in che Laide 


SW alter Raleghs potent. of the Englith nation. 


726 


! 2 
Ti oa 


e Ce. 


ä 
* wy — 


ä Oe 
ev 8 


— — 7 


DN 
| 
ce 
m 
he 
J. 
—4 
ig &s 
ym > 
2 > 
Js 
o ea 
N 
1 
1 ae 
f 
| 1 
| 8 
2 
ae 
* N 
8 
N 
0 ö 
Z 
U 
“Ss 
! d 
7 
. 

* 
rt 
* 

t 
‘i, 
55 
iit 
. 
* 
* 


j 2. iz 3 
r N 


D «> % . 


Nes? 


1 


2 


a a 9 8 8 
A.. Xe. CMN. ATA AN, N 


The voyages and diſcoueries Str Ii. alter Ralegh, | 


7*7 
{hall attaine with great patne and perill, we fo? vs, aur heires and fuccefiors,axe liketuile pleaten 


and concenced,and bytheſe pefents to giue and greunt to the ſaid Walter Ralegh his beites and 
prs fo; euer, chat her and they, and euery op any ofthests, (hall anv may from time totime fo) 


hereafter, within the fain mentioned remutt lendes and Couutreis in the way by che ſeas thi⸗ 
ther, and trom thence, haue full and meere power and authoritie to coprgct, puluſh, pardon, go, 
urtne and rule by their and euer y o7 any of their good diſcretions aud policies, as well in cautes 
capital oꝛ criminalt as ciuil both marine aud other, a l Mich our fubigegs as ſhall from time to time 
adirentute themlelues in the ſain tourueis oꝝ vopagta. oꝛ that ſhati at anꝝ time hereafter inhabite 
aup ſuch landes, comntreis,op tetritoien as afoeſaide, on that Chall abide within 200, league ot 
any ol che ſaide place on places, where the ſaine Walter Raleigh, bis heires o aſſignea, op anp of 
them, oz anp of bis oz their allociatsog companied ſbalt inbabite within 6, peeres next enfuing the 
pate hereof, accopding to ſuch ſtatutes, lawes aud opdinances, as Hall bee by him the ſaide Walter 
Rale gh his heires and aſſignes, and euery op any of them deuiled, oz eſtabliſhed, fox the better gos 
uernement of the ſaid people as afopeſaid. So alwapes as the {aid ſlatutes, lawes, and oꝛdinanteg 
map be as neere as couueniently map be, agreeable tothe foꝛme of the lawes, ſtatutes, gouerne⸗ 
ment w pollicie of England, and alſo fo as they be not againſt the true Chꝛiſtian faith no we pro 
keſſed in the Church of England, uoz in any wile to withdzatve any of the ſubiects oz people of 
thole landes 02 places from the allegiance of vs, our heires and ſucceſſourg, as their immediate 
Soueraigne onder Gav, 

And further, wee doe by theſe prefents for vs, our heires and ſucceſſoꝝs, giue and graut full 
power and authoꝛttie ta our truſtie and welbeloued counſailer fe William Cicill knigbt, Londe 
Burghley, our high Creafourer of Eng land, andto the Lope Treaſourer of England, fo vs, out 
heites am fuccefloys for the time being, and tothe pꝛiuie Countell, of vs, our heires and ſucteſ 
ſours , o any foure or move of them for the time being, that bee, they. op any ſoure op more ofthem, 
ſhall and may from time to time, and at all times hereafter, vnder his oꝭ their handes op ſeales by 
vertue ol theſe pꝛeſenta, authmiſe and licence the ſaide Walter Ralegh, his heires and aſſigues, 
and euery oz anp of them by him, and by themſelues, o; by their, oꝛ any of theit ſufficient Attur⸗ 
neis, deputies, officess, miniſters, factors, and leruants, to imbarke and tranſpogt out of our 
Reale of England and Ireland, and the Dominions thereof all, o; any of his, op their goons, 
and all aꝝ any the goods of his and their allociats and companies, and euery op any of them, with 
ſuch ocher netelſaties ann commodities of anp our Nealmes, as to the faive Love Treaſourer, o) 
foute op more of the priuie Counſaile of bs, our heires and ſurteſſoꝛs loꝛ the time being (as afopes 
ſaide) ſhalbe fromtime to time by his o2 their wifdomes, op diſcretious thought meete and con 
uenient, forebe better reliefe aud {upparcation of him the faine Walter Ralegh, his heires, and 
allignes, and euery aʒ any of them, and of his oꝛ theit op any of their aſſociats and companies, auy 
acte, ſtatute, lame, oʒ other ching to the contrary in any wile notwithſtanding. 

Hꝛouided al wayes, and aur will and pleaſure is, and wee doe hereby declare to all Chziſtian 
kings, princes and Rates, that if the faive Walter Ralegh, his heires oy allignes, opany of them, 
op any other bytheir litente oz appointment, hall at any time op times hereafter, robbe op ſpoilt 
by fea oz by lande, ax doe anp acte of vniuſt oꝛ vnlawfull hoſtilitie, to any of the ſubiects ok vs, 
our heites op {uccetivps, 02 to any of the ſubiects of any the Rings, Princes, Rulers, Gouernozs, 
oz eſtates, being then in perfect league and amitie with vs our beires and ſuccelſozs and that bpou 
ſuch iniurie, o vpon tuft complaint of any ſuch Prince, Ruler, Gouernour op eſtate, op their ſub⸗ 
tects, wee, our heires aud ſucceſſours, ſhall make open proclamation within any the po tes of our 
Realme of England that the ſaide Walter Ralegh, his heires and aſſignes, and adberents,op any 
to whome thele our letters patents map extende, (hall within the termes to bee limitted, by ſuch 
pꝛotclamation, make full refticution, and fatiffaction of all fuch iniuries dane, Oo as both we and 
the laid unces, oꝛ other fo camplayning, may bolde vs and themſelues fully contented, Aud 
chat if che laide Walter Realegh, his heires anv aſſignes, thall not make oz cauſe to be made fatils 
fattion artoꝛdingly, within fuch time lo to bee limitted, that chen it ſhall bee lawfull to vs, our 
heires and fuccellogs; to put the faive Walter Ralegh, his heires and allignes, and adberents, 
and all the inhabitants of the ſaide places to be dilcouered (as is afozeſaide) oʒ any of them out ol 
our alle giante and potection,and that frum and after ſuch time of putting out of protection of the 
{aid Walter Ralegh,his heires, aſlignes and anberents,¢ others fo to be put out, g the fain places 
withat cheir habitation, polleſlion and rule, walbe out of dur allegeante and protection, and free lot 
all ſwunces and others, to purfire with hoftilicie, as being not our ſubiects, noꝛ by vs aup way 
to beatiouchen,maincained, 0) befended, 10? tobe holden as any of ours, 1102 to out 
domimon, dj allegiance any way belonging, for that exxꝛeſle mention of checken keel, 


barkes, Ww 


i rie 
nall of our courſe, {ail 
bpiefe dilcourſe. by w 
pout ſelfe, (by whole 
performed) as alſo to 
will be ſatiſſied, cont 
meanes, andnumber 
The tenth of Max 
were fallen with the 
neevefull,becaule we 


Cape of Florida, aud 
which Wands we fo 
poſed : fo that hauing 
twelfth vape after o 


knowen to pour ſelle 
The ſecoud of Jul 
if we had bene in the 
ers, by which we we 
and bearing but fle 
ſuppoſed to be a conti 
appeared vnto us, we 
quebuſhot within the 
God fop our ale arri 
ning. aud to! take po 
as righefull Queene 
accopding te her Mi 
being perlonmed, acet 
bout ba, being where 
of grapes, as the ber 
plentie, as well there 
asin the plaines, as 
. 


alegh, Sir Walter Ralegh. ofthe Englith nation. , .; 728 


e pleafen of the cevtaintic of the pꝛemillen. or any part thereof. p: of auh eher gift, o: grant by b, oj any our 
peitcs and nogenito ds, on pꝛedeceſſoꝛs rothe ſaid Walter Ralegh, before tbis time made in theſe waettaca be 
dotime fop not expretien,op any other grant,opdinance, mouiſlon, poclamation, o reſtraint to the cautxaxye 
ſeagthi⸗ thereof, this time,cctuen,opvained,op poutded, op any nber thing, cauſe. q matter . 
don, go. ver in anp LAR nottnichRanding. In witnes iuberraf, tue daue caufed theſe ous letters to be mabe 
incauſes patents ¶Qiitneſſe our ſe lues at Weſtminſter the a 5 .dap of March in che lire aud tuentieth peste 
ne to time ofourRaigne, - 712.11, M8 Sogn Men N e 
inhabite Reiss 
aguesof 10 128 : . | 
ovanp of The firft voyage made to the coaftes of America, with two 
e barſes, where in were ( aptaines Maſter Philip Amadas and Ma- 
450 ter ſter Arthur Barlo we, who diſcouered part of the Countrey, no called Vir- 
8 ra ginia, Anno 1584: Written by one of the faid Capraines, andſent to 
gouernes fir Walter Raleigh, knight, at whofe charge, and direction, 
ſowe pyos Hi, ) the faid voyage was fet foorth, 
penpleat iz 3 N 
mediate He 27. dapof Amal in the peeve ok our redenption, 15 84. ne neparted the wel 


Vi ol England, with two barkes, well furniſbed wich men and victuals haulug ree 

atte full a vued qur laſt, and perfect directions by pour letters, confirming the ſemer in 
Na ba A Tructions,andcommandesments delivered by pour le lle at our leauing the riner 

ag of Thames. And I chinke it a matter ne manifelt viſcoue⸗ 
ma? ric of the Countrep,as allo fo tediuuſues (ake, tu remember vnto pou the diur⸗ 


nall of our courſe, ſailing thither, and returning: ouelp J haue pꝛeſumed co pꝛeſent vnto vou this 
hniefe vilcourle. by which vou may indge how pꝛolttable this Land is likelp to ſucteede, as well to 
pout ſelfe, (by whole direction and charge, and by whofe ſeruants this our diſcvuerie hath beene 
performed) as alſo to her highnes, and che Common wealth, iu which we hope pour wiledome 
will be latilſted, conſidering, that as much by vs hath bene bꝛaugbt to light, as by thole ſmall 
meanes and number of men we had could any way haue bene expetted oz hoped ſoz.· 
Che tenth of May, we arriued at the Canaries, ann the teuth of June in this pꝛelent verre te 
8 


were fallen with the Allands of the Hel Indies, keeping a mov ſoutheaſterly courte chen 

needefull, berauſe we doubted chat the current of the Bape ol Mexico, diſbogging bettuene the 
Cape of Florida, aud the Hauana, had bene of greater fte then afterwards we found it to be. At 
which Illands we found the aire verp vnwholſome, and our men gre we foz the moſt part ill dil 
poſed: ſo that hauing refrethen our ſelues with [weete water and freth biceuall, we departed the 
twelfth vape after our arriuall there. Theſe Wands , wich the reſt adio yning, are ſo well 


Ede kno wen to pour ſelle, and to many others, as J will not trouble you, with the remembzauce of 
0 em, em. Bite 915 a 

opfpoite The fecoudof July, we found hole water, tubich fete wetttly and wat fo rong a ſmell an 
ts ok vs, it we had bene in the midſt of ſome delicate garden, abounding with all kinde of odopiferous Gow: 
uernozs, ers, by which we were aſlured, ehat the land could not be farre dickant: and keeping good watch. 
hat vpou and bearing but flacke ſaile, the fourthok the fame moneth, we atriued vpentbe cnalt, which we 
heir ſub fuppofen robe a continent and firme lande, and woe ſailed along the lame a hunmyed and twentie 
es of out Englith miles, before we could finde any entrance, oꝛriuer, (Muing inte the Sea, The fit chat 
8,0) ap appeared vnto vs, we entrev, though not without fome difficultie, aud caſt anker about thꝛee bars 


quebulhos within the hauens mouth, on the left hande of the ſame: and after thankes giuen to 

God lo) our lake arriuall thither, we mannedour boates. and went to bie we che lande next adiop⸗ 3 

ning, aud to“ take plſeſſignpf the fame, in the right of the Queenes moft excellent Maetie, aten caken, 
ds uigbelull Queene, and i; iureſſe of the lame, and after deliuered the fame ouer tn pour v 

accordingrta her Maieſties grant, and letters patents, vnder her highnes great Seale. Mahir 

being performed, according to the ceremonies vlev in ſuch eutermiſes, wer vie wed the lande a 

bout ba, being whereas we fixe landed, very fandéc, and lome colvards the water five dut fo full 

of grapes, as the bery beating, anp urge of the Dea ouerlowed them, of which we founde ſuch 

plentie, as well there, as in ali plates elle, boch on the ſande, and on the greene folle on che bils, 

asin the plaines, as well on euery li eee . 

Cevars, that Ithinke in all che woplo che like aboundanceis: not to be founde: and mp {rife 

wing leene holt partes of Europe that mol abound, fiupeluch diference, as were tuccedible to 

be witten, t , Bhp GMM IT Fy f du 


729 


The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Walter Ralegh, 


| ie pallen from the Sea Vive, comardes thetoppes of cholebils next adiopning , 

wenne beigth, and fromebence mer bebelvethe Den on both fives to the Hunt — oe 
Mouth, Finding no ende any of both walen. This lande lapt Kretching it (elfe to the Ile, which 
after wer founde ro be but an Fflandof cwentie Leagues tong, ond nat aboue fire miles bebe 

‘Cider the baute on bill tehereon tne funde: ne bebetve the vallies replenithen toith goodly Ce. 
dar trees, and hauing vilcharged our harquebutbor, ſuth a flocke of Cranes (the moſt part white) 
atoſe vnder vs, with fuch acrpe redoubled by many Ecchoe s, as il an armicof men ban towed 


ö 0 many goodly woods, and fullof, Deere, Contes, Pares, and 

in the unddec of Hummer; tn increuible aboundante’, The — — dub atin 
Bohemia, Moſeduia, m Hyrcania, barren, and fruitleſſe, but the and reddeſt Cedars of 
the wopld, karte bettering the Cevarn ol the Acores, of the Indias, Op of Lybanus, Pynes, Cy. 
pres, Dallaphas,the Lentitk,o the tree that beate th te Pakichesrhe tree chat beareth the rinde 
of blacke Spinamon, of which Maſter Winter bꝛougbt ftom the Dtreights of Magellane, and 
manp other of excellent finell,and qualitie. THe remained by the lide of this Alland two whole 
dates, before we ſawe any people ot che Countrep: the third daye we efpied one (mall boats row⸗ 
ing towards vs, bauing in it the perfons ꝛchis boate came to the landes five, foure harquebuthot 
from our ſhippes, and there two of the people remaining. the tbirde came along the fhoare five toe 
ward vs, and we being then all within boopd, he walked vp and dolune vppon the point of the 
lande next vnto bs ꝛthen the after, and the Pilot of the Admirall . Simon Ferdinando and the 
Captaine Philip Amadas, my felfe,and others, towed to the lande, whole comming this fellowe 
attended, neuer making any ſhewe of keare on doubt. And after he Had (poken of many things 
nut vnverctoode by vs, we hho bum wich bis otone good liking aboond the ſhippes, and gaue 
bim a ſbirt, a hatte, aud ſome other things, and made him cate of dur wine, and our meate, which 
be liked very well: and after hauing viewed both barkes, he departev, and went to bis owne 
doate againe, which hee had ekt in a litele Coue, oh Creeke adioyning : alloone ag he was two 
howe thoote into the water, hee fell to filing, and in leſſe then hatte an ho woe, hee had laden his 
boate as deepe, as it could ſwimme, with which he came againe to the point of the lande, and 
there he deuided bis liche into tho partes, pointing one part to the ſhippe, arp the other tothe Pin 
nelle: which alter he had (as mu as he might, jrequicen the fopmer benefits receaned, he depar⸗ 


na neuer miſtruſt 
to come, and ſitte 


Sir Valter 


kniues, and would 
two oz the daies, 
meate, and of our by 
his wife with him t 
well fauoured,of m 
with the furre five 
hap a bꝛoad bande o 
hnace lets of pearles 
practlet) and thoſe 
had pendants of co 
and other Noble m 
of golde, oz coppe 
he by any meanes 
parell was as his 
on one. They are c 
deen that had very 
Alter that theſe 
bringing with the 
but when Grange 


ſuch as weare tedd 
tweene the Noble 
ted there, and you 


orfiftie women alt 
two Daughters, ber 
as many boates as 
ſhaare a farre off, te 
chen. Their boate 
knowen to our peo 
withall: if they ha 
which as thofe two 
Chniſtian ſhippe, b 
ol the people were 
of whole lides they 
Their manner of 
are winde kallen, a 
when it hath burut 
burne it deeper oz 
meanes they faſhit 
lke lcoopes, and n 

Che Rings bye 
we had: and offere 
time, becauſe wel 
ſtoode in what plat 
ty well vnderſtan 

Me was very i 
tunpde, but euer he 
bpate o tho of Fatt 


Sir Walter Ralegh. of the Engliſh nation. 730 


ill things ought to be deliuered vnto him, and the ret were but his ſeruauts, andfollowers. A 
pape op two alter this, we kel to trading wih them, exchanging ſome thinges that we had oz 
Chammops, Bufte. and Deere eines: when we (he wed him all our patketol merchandise,of all 
shingss that he lam a bright time iche mol pleated him. which he mefenttp tone vy x clape a bes 
fore his beat after made a hole in the bꝛinune thereof, g hung it about bis necke, making fignes, 
that it would defende him againſt brs enemies arrowes 3 fop thoſe people maintaine a deadlie at 
terrible warre, with the people and King adiopning. e exchanged our cinne dithe ko twentie 
fhinnes, woonth twentie Crounes, op twentie Nobles: and a copper kettle for fiftte fhinnes, 
wooreh fiftie Crownes, They offered vs very good exchange for cur hatchets, and ages, and iu 


pou finde in knines,and would haue given anp thing for Swoopdes 3 but we would not depart with anp. After 
r Cedats ol two op three bates, the Kings bꝛother came abooꝛd the ſhippes, and dꝛanke wine, and ate of our 
Dynes, Cy. meate, and ol our bꝛead, and liked exceedingly thereol: and after a ſew daies ouerpaſſed, he bought 
th the rinde bis wife with bum co the fixppes, bis daughter, audtwo oꝛ chꝛee little childꝛen: dis wife was very 
ellane, and well fauouren of meane ſtature, and very baſhlull: ſhe had on her backe a long cloke of leather, 
dtwo whole wich the furre Give next to her bodie, and befoye her a peece ol che ſame: about her forebea, the 
boats row: hapa bꝛoad bande of white Coprall, and ſo had her hufband many times: in her eares the had 
arquebulbot hace lets of pearles, hauging dowue to her middle, (whereof we deliueted your Lloꝛſhip a lle 
vate fine tos hacelet) and thoſe were of the bignesof good peaſe. The reſt of her women of the better force, 
point of the had pendants of copper hanging ineuerpeare , and ſome of the childzen ok the Rings brother, 
ndo and the and other Noble men, haue five o fire in euery cares he himſelfe had vpon his head, a dꝛoad plate 
this fellowe of golde, o copper, fo being vnpoliſhev, we knew not what mettall it ſhould be, neither would 
any things he by any meanes ſuller vs to take it olf his head, but feeling it, it would bowe very eaſily. His ap: 
, and gaue parell was as his wiues, onely the women weare their haire long on both ſides, and the men but 
neate, which on one. They are of colour pellowiſh, andtheir hatre blacke foz che molt, and pet we fate chil 
o his own deen that had very fine aburne, and cheltnut colour haire. 

he was two 

ad laden his 

lande, and 


ng is called 
e manner ol 


was very tuſt o nile :fop many times wee deliuercd him merchandise vppon his 
5 r 1 5 and perfoꝛmed his pꝛomiſe. Hee ſent vs euerp Bayes 
Hale on thon of fate Buckes, Conies, Hares, Fithe, the belt of the woꝛlde. ann 


‘ 
a, 
* 
N 
N 
i : : 
. jak 
J 
ad fan’ 
ö ap ie 
1 * 
be 
* 7 
— 4 
yuu 
8 ‘ 
N ee 
pare 
ln A 
Jar. 4 
! — 
By yy. + 
= U 
„Nl 
; .. . 8 
6 1 tg gf 
* 
A 2 * 
1 ' 
; {rues 
{ 
| 1A 
} . 5 
1 | ' 
| | ow 
Bi 9 7 
1 . 
1 2 
j 7 
1 S 
4 a 
2 
My 
ö 4 
i \ 
j 13 
{ 
1 } pf 
Fi 4 
| \ ik 
He 8 
1 a) 
i. ty 
i ' 
ti { eres 
1 1 U 75 
f \ 2 , 
t 12. 
1 14 
nae 
1 2 4 
＋ 1 
' ey 
i 72 4 
\ 
* 
1 2 
* 4 
4 3. 
Z 
fe 
' 
2 — 
4A" a 
le 
. . 
4 Gy 
H 5 
4 * 
18 
77, 
| PICs. 
| < 7 
„: f 
. 
„ 
4% f 
" 
. „ 


731 The voyages and dilcoueries Sir Walter Ralegh, 


kindes ot truites, Melons, Maluuts, Cucumbers , Gourdes, Peale , and diuers totes, aud 
kruites very excellent good, and of their Countrey comne, which is verp white, faire, and wellta⸗ 
died, and groweththꝛee times in ue moneths sin Maye they ſowe, in July they reape sin June 
they ſowe, in Auguũ they reape: in Aulp they ſowe, in September they reape: onelp they catt 
the copne into the ground, breaking a little of che fofe ture witha woodden mattocke, op pickeaxe: 
our ſelues pꝛooued the foile, and put ſome of our Neale inta the ground, and in tenne daies they 
were of loureteene ynches high: they haue alſo Beanes very faire, of diuers colours, and wor: 
derfullplentie: ſome growing naturally, and ſome in their gardens, and ſo haue they both wheat 
and oates. : 

The ſoile is the moſt pleneifull, werte, fruitfull, and wholſome of all the worlds there are a 
boue foureteene ſeuerall Iweete ſmelling timber trees, and the mol part ok their ynderwoods 
are Bayes, anv ſuch like: they haue thole Okes that we haue, but farte greater, and better. Af; 
ter they had bene diuers times aboord our ſhippes, my ſelle, with ſeuen moꝛe, went twentie mile 
intu the Niuer, that runneth toward the Citie of Skicoake , which Riuer they call Occam: and 
the euening following, we came to an Alland, which they call Roanoak, diſtane from the hare 
bour by which we entred, ſeuen leagues: and at the Noth ende thereof, was a village of nine 
bouſes, built ol Cedar, and fortified round about with ſharpe trees, tu keepe out their enemies, 
and the entrance into it made like a turne pike verp artiſiciallp: when we came towards it, ſtan 
ding neere vntothe waters five, the wife of Grangyno, the Kings bother, came running out to 
meete vs very cheerefully, and friendly, her hulband was not then in the village: ſome of her peas 
ple the commanded to daabee our boate on the ſhoare, fo? the beating of the billoe: others thee ap: 
pointed to carry vs on their backes to the dzy ground, and others to bring our oares into the 
boule, for feare ok ſtealing. Tiben we were come into the beter roome, hauing Bue roomes in 
her houſe, the cauled vs to litte dome by a great fire, and after tooke off our clothes, and wathen 
them, and dried them againe: ſome of the women pulled off our Mockings, and walhed them, 


ſome walhed our fete in warme water, and ſhee her ſelfe tooke great paines to fee all thinges 


opdered in the be manner ſhee coulde, making great halte to dzelſe ſome meate for vs to 
eate. 

After we hadthus nied our ſelues, thee bought vs into che inner roome, where thee fee on the 
booʒv ſtanding along the houſe, ſome wheate like furmentie, ſodden Ueniſon, and roaſted, fithe 
ſodden, bopled, and roatten , Melons rawe, and ſodden, rootes of diuers kindes, and diuers 
fruites their dzinke is commonly water, but while the grape laſteth, they dainke wine, and fo} 
wantof cafkes to krepe it all the peere after, they dꝛiuke water, but it is ſodden with Ginger in 
it, aud blacke Binamon, and ſometimes Saſſaphꝛas, and diuers other wholeſome, and medicinae 
ble hearbes and trees. cle were entertained with all loue, and kindnes, and with as much bouns 
tie, after their manner, as they coulo pollibly deuiſe. Cee found the people molt gentle, louing, 
and faithful, voidof all guile, and treaſon, and {uch ag liued after the manner of the golden age. 
Che earth bringeth forth all things in aboundance, as in the firk creation, without tolle oz la⸗ 
bour, The peapleonely care to defend them ſelues from the cold in their ſhoꝛt winter, and to feede 
themſelues with ſuch meate as the ſoile alfoozdeth: their meate is very well ſodden, and they 
make both very ſweete, and ſauozie: their veſlels are earthen pots, berp large, white, and 
ſweete: their diſhes are woodden platters of ſweete timber: within the place where they feede, 
was their lodging, and within that their Idoll, which they wozſhip, of which they ſpeake vntre⸗ 
dible things. LUhile we were at meate, chere came in at the gates, two oꝛthꝛee men with their 
bowes, and arro wes, from hunting, whome when we efpied, we beganne tolooke one towardes 
another, and offered to reach our weapons: but aflooneas the eſpied our miſtruſt, the was very 
much mooued, and cauſep ſome of her men to runneout, and take awaytheir bowes, and arrowes. 
and beake them, and withall beate the pone fellowes out of the gate againe. Ulhen we depar⸗ 
ter in the euening, and would not tarrp all night, the was very forte, and gaue vs into our boate 
out fupper halle dꝛelſed, pots, and all, and bꝛought vs to our boates ſide, in which wee laye all 
wight; remoouing the lame a pꝛetie dillance from the ſhoare: hee perceiuing our lealouſie, was 
much gricued, and ſent diuers men, and thirtie women to ſitte all night on the bankes five by 
bs, and fent vs into our boates fine mattes to couer vs from the rapne, bing very many 
wondes to iutreate vs to reſt in their houſes: but becauſe wee were fewe men, and if wee 
han miſcarried, the vopage had beene in very great daunger, wee Dur not aduenture a 
ny thing, although there was no caufe of doubt: for a moze kinde, and louing people, there 
can not be found in the wozld, as fare as me haue hitherto Gav trial. . 
Beponde this Illaude, there is the maine lande, andauer again this Allande a 


Hir Walter ‘ 


Into this uuer fa 
Muſtels, in which t 
called Nomopana, 


the Lowol that Go 


warns the Sunne fe 
Meſtermoll Cown 


athippecatt 1 
the Counttey peo 
And after ten date 
helpe of ſome of the 
— ee 
untrey yeelde 
hosel after, it Gere 
in another Iſland adi 
colour, either ſeene, o 
Inhabitants of Seq 
we were amongeſt t 
to view the fame : be 
fo range vnto them 
ged anp peece, were 
frangenes of the fan 
rowes ate but of fina 
kill a naked man. T 
for their dekenſe. C yr 
homes of a ſtagge, 0 
of whome they afke 
ing fongs as they 
ave very cruell, and b 
ned ok late peeres an 
yh yt deſola 
Diopmt t 
nouike, 1 — 0 
with the next King, 
ſioke, ftwate vppon 
wich Wingina, Ri 
betweene the Ring 
with vs into Engle 
Sequotanes, fo? ma 
ted Diners men, and 1 
when they were altog 
meere illuſion ot the 
and llewe them euer 
fince per ſwaded vs te 
will be fonnde in it g 


legh, 


pees, aud 
dwellta⸗ 
zin June 


here are ae 
derwoodg 
iter, Qf. 
entie mile 
am: and 

the har · 
ge of nine 
enemies, 
D8 it, Dats 
ing out to 
Df ber peo⸗ 
8 ee ap: 
g into the 
domes in 
d washed 
ed them, 


Uthinges 


for vs to 


ſet on the 
Red, fithe 
nd diuers 
>, and fo? 
Singer in 
nedicina⸗ 
uch boun⸗ 
eee 

enage. 
ile is 
dto feede 
and they 
ite, and 
ep feede, 
ke vncre⸗ 
vith their 
owardes 
bag very 
rroiwes, 


SirW alter Ralegh. of the Engliſh nation. 


this ſpatious mater, the great riuet called Occam, bythe Jnhabutantu, on which ſtaudeth a 
Cowwne called Pemeoke, and ire daies tourney further vpon che fame ts feuate their grtateũt 
ie ale Schyconke eb . sa wr — 3 @ Auages were neuer 
itt, one repoꝝ athers, and men, wyome 
—— e 
Ante chistes great river ipo in which there is found great More of the 
gpulcels, in which there ate pearies i like wile there deſtendeth into this Occam , pote nuer, 
called Nomopana, on the ene five whereof Qanderh a great Cowne, called Chowanvake „ n 
the Lowok that Cowne and Councrep, is called Pooneno: this Pooncno is not ſubiect to the 
Ring of Wingandacoa , but isa free Loe, Beyonde this Countrey, is there another King, 
whome they call Menstoan, and theſe three Ringes are in league with eache other. To⸗ 
wards the Dunne ſet, fouredaies wurnep, is Muate à Corwne called Sequotan, which is the 
Mettermel Cotone ol Wingandacoa,neere vnto which ſxe and twentie perres paſt, there was 
a 2 call ro oh a bela the people were faued, and thoſe wert white people, wbom 
ounttey people pyeſerued. 
1455 alter ten dates, rematning in an out Illand vnhabited, called Wococan, they with the 
belye of ſome ol the dwellers of Se quotun, fatenedewo boates of the Countrey together, and 
made mattes vnto them, and ſailes of their farces, and hauing taken into them ſuch victuals as 
the Countrey yeelded they departed after they had remained in this out Jfland the weekes but 
honely alter, it ſeemed they were cat away, forthe boates were found vppon the coaſt, caſt aland 
in mother All and adiopning + ocher then theſt, there was neuer any people appatelleo, or wbite of 
colour, eithet ſrene, oz heard of among tbele people, and theſe afopelnide were lerne onelp of the 
Jubabttants ol Sequoran ruhieh appeared to be very true, ſoꝭ they wondped merueloully when 
we were amongeſt them, at the whitenes of our fhinnes, euer coueting to touch our bzealtes and 
to view the fame : belides they had our ſbippes in maruclous admiration, and all things els was 
ſoſtrange vnto them, as it appeared that none of them had euer ſeene the like. Uhen we diſchat 
ged anp peece, were it but a harquebuſh, they would tremble thereat lz very feare, and for the 
ltrangenes of the fame: koꝛ the weapons which themſelues ble, are bowes and arrowes: the are 
towes ate but or ſmall canes, headed with a tharpe hell, on tooth of afithe ſuficient enourh to 
killa naked man. Their ſwoꝛdes are of wood hardener: like wiſe they vle wooden bealiplates 
la their defenſe. Chey haue belideg a kinde of clubbe, in the ende whereof they falten the ſharpe 
homes ok a ſtagge, oz other beaſt. UAben they goe to warres, they carry with them their J doll, 
of whome they afke counſell, as the Romanes were woont of the Oꝛatle of Apollo. They 
Ging fongs as they march cowards the battell, in ſteede ol dummes, and trumpets: their warres 
me very cruell, and hloodie, by reaſon thereof, and of their ciuill dilſentions, which haue happe⸗ 
ned ol late peeres amongeſt them, che people are marueloullp waſted, and in ſome places, the 
cee benen called S beginneth a Countrey called P 
diopning vncothis Tome al „called Sequotan, ac cl o- 
nouike, belonging to another King, whore they call Piemacum, audthis Ring is in league 
with the nert King, adioyning towarden the ſetting of the Sunne. and the Countrey Neio- 
ſioke, ſtuate bppon the fide of a goodly Riuer, called Neus: theſe Kings haue moptall warre 
with Wingina, King of Wingandacoa, but about two peeres pat, there was a peace mabe 
betweene the Ring Piemacum, and the Londe of Sequotan, as theſe men which we haue bꝛought 
nith vs into Eng land. haue made vs vnderſtende: but there remaineth a mottall malice in che 
Sequotanes, ſo many iniuries and flaughters done vppon them by this Piemacum. They inui · 
ted diuers men, and thirtie women, of the bel ol his Countrep, to their Towne to a feaſt: and 
when they were altogether merrie, and paving before their Moll, wich is nothing elle, but a 
meere illuſion ot the Deuill: the Captatne o; Lobe of che Cotwne came ſuddenly vpon them, 
and lle we them euery one, reſeruing the women, and childzen: and theſe two haue oſtentimes 
Since per ſwader vs to furppife Piemacum his Tomne, haung pp aſſured vs, that there 
will be fonnde in it great ſioꝛe of commodities . But wöerher their perſwoſn be tothe ende ihey 
eee their enemies oꝛ lo che loue they beareto vs, we lraue chat to the triall bere 


9 


tinent: but after wer encred into the Hauen, wee fate before bs ae 


F Q 


5 Bt 
zee £22 & O™&® 


K. > 


Nae 
J 
2 


733 


The voyages and diſcoueries Sir Richard Greenuill, 


there lieth along the coat a tracte of Iſlands, two hun deth miles in length, abiopuing to the O. 
cean ſea and betweene the Illands two op chyee entrances : oben pou are entred betweene them 
(thefe Bands beiug very narrowe, fopche moſt part, as in mot places fire mules toad, in fome 
places leſſe, in e we moxe. ) then there appeareth another great Mea, containing in byrdeh in fome 
places ſoꝛtie, and in ſome Gftie,in fome t wentie miles ouer, befege you come vnto che continent: 
and ia this incloſed Mes. there are about a hunmeth Illandu of diuers bigneſſes, ubereol one is 
ſireteene miles long at which we were, finding te to he a mot pleafane, Aid lettilt ground, teple. 
niſbed with goodly Cedars and divers other ſwette woods, full ol Currana, of late, aud many os 
ther notable commodities, which we at that time had no leaſureto view. Beſdes this 

are many, as J haue ſaide, ſome of two ol thꝛee, o foure,of fine miles, ſome mone, fome leſſe, moll 
beautiful and pleaſant to bebold, hen with Deere, Contes, Dares, and diuers beattes, and 
about them the goodlieſt and beſt fhe in the woꝛln and in greateſt aboundance. 

Thus Air, we haue acquninttd pou twith che particulars ol our diſtaetie, made this ppelent 
voyage. as karre fooꝛth, as th Sof the time we there continued, would affoord vs to take 
viewe ok: and fo contenting our {elues with this ſeruice at this time, which we hope herrafter to 
inlarge, as occaſion and alliance ſball be given, we reſo lued to leaue the Countrep, andto ap. 
ply our ſelues to returne for England, which we vid aceohdingly, and arriuedfafely in the Mel 
of Eng land, about the middeſt of Depcember. 

And whereas we baue abouc certified pou of the Countrep, taken in poſſeſſion by vs, tu her 
Mateltles vle, and fo to pour. by ber Maieſties grant, wee thought quod fo) the better alt ante 
thereol to retoꝛde ſome of the particular, Gentlemen, and men of accompts who then were ner 
lente, as twitnetiesof the ſame, that tbertby all ottaſion of cauill to thetitle of the Countrey, in her 
Patetties behalle may be pꝛeueuted, which ot her wile ſuch as like not the artion may vd, and nee 
tend, whole names are: ä 


Maſter Philip Amadas, 
Maſter Arthur Barlowe, 


William Greeneuile, 
Iohn Wood, 


7 Captaines. 


Iames Browewich, 
Henrie Greene, 
Beniamin Wood, 
Simon Ferdinando, 
Nicholas Petman. 
Iohn Hewes, a 


The voyage made by Sir Richard Greenuile, for Sir Walter 
Ralegh,to Virginia in the pere, 58 5. 
Sa be 19. dap of Pape inche yeere aboue ſalde, wee departed tom Plymmout 
our ſleere confitting of che number of ſeuen ſaileg, to wit, che T: we ore 
g Of Coun {cope cunnes : a Hlieboate called the Roe Bucke,of the like burden sthe 
YA, Lyon of a tundyen tunnes,op thereabouts: the Elizabeth, of Atte tunes, and 
BAL a the Dorothic,a fnallbarke, thereunto tuere alfa adiopneD fon perle ce, 
a 2. mall Pinneſſeg. The principall Gentlemen ok our companie, were, Pater 
Ralfe Lane, Water Thomas Candifhe, patter Iohn Arundell, Mater Raimund, Matter 
Stukely,@atter Bremige, aſter Vincent, and Malter Iohn Clarke, and biuerg — 
fome were Captaines potter ſome Allittants for counſell. and goo dirertiong in che voxage. 
Che 14. dap of A pail, we fell with Langacota, and Forte Ventura, Illes of the Canaries, aud 
from thence we continued oar courſe fo; Dominica, one of the Antiles of the Meſt India, where · 
with we fell the 7. day of apape,anvehe 10. day fulio wing, ie came to an anker at Cotefa,a little 
Aland ſituate neere tothe Alando S. Iohn, where wee landed, andrefretben our ſelueg all chat 


dap. a i 
The 15, day of Mave, we came to an anker, in the Baye ol Muski ＋ Iohn, 
deore e e een . Gewrall Sir Richard pene vague 
2 anded, and began wery neere to 2 
— — — ome 
Che 


the compante, 


Sir Rob. Gr 


The 13. day we be 
fcllcd in the countrey 
Fort vpon truchs, ch 

Che 16. dap, there 
aquarter of ample fr 
foone as they (aw x. o 

Che 19. dap, Mall 
of Pogtingal arriued 
ben either a Dypania 
roome with bim, whi 
of whole comming, o 
ner of the Seas, 

Che 22. day, 20. ot 
kiuer:who being {een 
durs, mounted vpon 
Nandꝛthey ſhewed te 
upon two of our men 
the two Spaniards c 
nih pꝛoud humoꝛs, to 
who notwitbſtandin 
that our principal int 
netellaries wherof w 
ly means, other wile 
the Spaniardsin cot 
miles of all curte ſie, 

Che 23. dap our t 
Captaines, and Gen 
plaine marth, they fe 
to furniſh vs with vic 
time not, whereupo 
the fame dap was fit 

Che 29. dap we fe 
the Muſkitoes:but 
npar da vpan the fig 
gat, with good and r 
tanſomed fo? good re 

The 26. dap our H 
ken, to Roxo bap vpe 
bpa Spaniſh Pilot: 
iutrenched him felfe 
ttench: who being ſe 
of hoꝛſemen, and fao 
him to offer any refit 
Javed bis Frigat, a 
mans Bay. Che far 


De 1. day of Zu 
The z. day d 
tertyſied by the repo 
bpour General, chat 
to {ee the Gouernoꝛ 
fing within few date 
Tbe 5. day the fo 
their feruants,¢ Me 
ſeene. our General u 
tuerp man appointe 
SGouernoz receiucd 
Gentlemen, and the 


uill. 


the O⸗ 
ne them 
in ſome 
in fome 

nent: 
ol one is 
d, reple⸗ 
manpo⸗ 
Te, moll 
daes, aud 


prefent 
B to take 
cafter to 
ndto ap: 


ud] to her 
durante 
were me 
ey, in her 
and pꝛe · 


dir Rob. Creeneuill. of the Engliſh nation. 


The 13. day we began to builde a new pinnelſſe within the Font, with the timber that t 
elled in the countrey, ſome part wherrol we fet tte myle vp in the —＋ — ys 
Forevpon truchs, tbe Spantards not daring to make op offer relitance, 

The 16.dap,there appeared vnto vs out of the woods 8, hoyſemen ofthe Spaniards, about 
aquatter of ample from our Fope,Qaping about balfe an bower in viewing our forces: but ag 
foone as they Caw x. of our (hoc marching cowards them,thep prefencly retyped into the woodes, 

The 19. dap, Malter Candith, who bad bene (eperated from ous fleece in a tome in the Bap 
of optingalarrined at Coteſa, within che Agbe of che Ciger:we chinking him a farre off to baue 
benctther a Spaniard op French man of warre thought it good to waigh ankers, and to goe 
toome with bim, which the Tyger did, and diſcerned him at lad co be one of our Conforts,fep lop 
of whole comming, our fips dilcharged their oꝛdinance, and faluced hun, accopdtng to the mane 
ner of the Seas. 

Che 22. day, 20. other Spanifhe boꝛſemen ſhewed them ſelues to vs vpon the other five of che 
nluer: who being ſeene, our General diſpatched 20. ſootemen towards them and two hoꝛſemen of 
durs, mounted vpon Spanith hoples, which wee before had taken in the time of our being on the 
Nandꝛthey ſhe wed to aur men a flagge of truce, and made ſignes to haue a parle with bs: wheres 
upon two of our men went halfe of the way vpon the lands. and two of theirs came and met them: 
the two Opaniards offred berp great ſalutations to our men, but began accopding to their Spa- 
niſb pꝛoud humoꝛs, to expoſtutate with them, about their arriual, and foptilping in their countrie, 
who notwitbſtanding by our mens diſcrete anſwers were ſo cooled, that wheras they were told, 
that our principal intention was onely to furnth our ſelues with water, and victuals, and other 
neteſſaries wherof we food in cede, which we craued might be pe lded vs with faire, and friend. 
ly means, other wile our reſolution was to practife foyce, and to reletue our {clues by the wonder 
the Spaniardsin concluſion, ſeeing our men ſo reſolute, yelded to our requeſtes with large poe 
miles of all curteſie, and great fauoꝭ, and ſo our men and theirs departen. 

Che 23. day our pinneſſe wag finiſhed, and lanched, which being done, our Generall with bis 
Captaines,and Gentlemen, marched vp into the Country about the {pace of . myles where in a 
plaine marſh, they ſtaped expecting the comming ofthe Spanpards according to their pomiſe, 
to furniſh vs with victuals: who keeping their old cuftome foz periurie and bheache of pꝛomiſe 
came not, whereupon our General fired the woods thereabout, and ſo retired to our Font, which 
the fame day was fired alſo, and each man came aboogd to be ready to (et ſaile the next moꝛning. 

Che 29. day we fet ſaile from Saint Iohns, being manp of vs ſoong before vpon ſhoare with 
the Puſkitoes:but the fame night we tooke a Spaniſh Frigat, which was fozſaken by the Spas 
npards vpon the fight of bs, and the next day in the mogning berp carlp, wee tooke another Fri⸗ 
gat, with good and rich fraigbt, and diuers Spaniards of accompt in her, which afterwards we 
tanſomed for good round lummes, and landed them in Saint Iohns, 

The 26. dap our Lieutenant Maſter Ralfe Lane, went in one of the Frigats which we had ta 
ken, to Roxo bay bpon the Southweſt five of Saint lohns,co fetch ſalt, being thither conducted 
bya Spanith Bilot:as foone as he arriued there, he landed with bis men, to the number of 20. and 
iutrenched hun felfe vpon the ſandes immediatly, tompalling one of their ſalt hils within the 
ttench: who being ſeene of the Spanpards, there came downe towards him two on thee troopes 
of hoꝛſemen, and faotemen, who gaue him the looking, and gazing on, but durſt not come neere 
him to offer any reſiſtance, ſo that Maſter Lane mauger their troopes, caried their ſalt abooꝛd and 
laded bis Ftigat, and fo returned againe to our fleetethe 29. dap, which road ae Saint Ger- 
mans Bay. Che fame day we all ö the next day arriued in the Aland of Hifpaniola, 

: e. 
Are 1. day of Zune we ankered at Iſabella, in the 320th five of Hiſpaniola. 

The z. day df Zune, the Gouernop of Iſabella, and Captaine of the port de Plata, beeing 
tertylied by the reports of ſundꝛy Spanyards, who had bene wol intertained aboozd our ſhippes 
by our General, that in our fleece were many bꝛaue, and gallant Gentlemen, who greatly deſited 
to ſee the Gouernoz afozeſaid, he thereupon fent gentle commendations tu our Generall, promis 
fing within few dates to come to him in perſon, which he perfoꝛmed accoꝛdingix. 
ECbe 5. day the forelaid gouernoꝛ accompanied with a luſty Frier, xx. other Spaniards, with 
their feruants,¢ Negroes, came downe to the fea fide, whert our hips road at anker. who being 
ſeene, our General manned immeviatly the mot part of his boats w the chiefe men of our fleete, 
tuerp man appointed, and furniſhed in the beſt {opts at the landing of our General, the Spanithe 
Gouernop reteiued him very curteouliy, anv the Spaniſb Gentlemen faluces our Englilb 
Gentlemen, and their inferiour ſozt did allo oe dur Soulviers and Sea men, ee 

bd, 


“935 _ The voyagesand dileoueries Sir Rich. Greeneil 


men, and likewiſe their qualities, although at the ſirt, they ſeemed to ſtand in feare of bg,and of 
fo many of our boats, whereof they defied chat all might not land their men, pet in the end, the 
curteſies that pafled on both fives were fo great, that all feare and miſtruſt on the Spaupatdex 
part was abandoned. N 
Inthe meane time while our Englild Generall and the Spaniſh Gouernoz diſcour ſed be. 
tmixt chem of diuers matters, as of the Rate of the Country, the multitude of the Townes and 
people, and the commodittes of the Bland, our men pꝛouided two banquetting houſes couered 
with greene bougbs,the one fo) the geutlemen, the other forthe ſeruauts, and a ſumptuons ban. 
quet was hhoug bt in ſerued by vs all in Plate, with the found of trumpets, and confore of muſick 
whereiwith the Dpanyards were moje then delighted, hich banquet being ended, the Spany⸗ 
ardes in recompenſe of our curteſie, cauſeda great heard of white buls, and kyne, to be brougle 
together from the Wounteines, and appointed fo; euery Gentleman and Captaine that woulde 
ride, a hoꝛſe ready ſadled, and then fingled out three of the bett of them to be hunted by hoꝛſemen 
after their manner, ſo that the pattime grew very pleſant, fo; the ſpate of the houres, wherein 
all thee of the beaũs were killed, whereof one tooke the ſea, and there was ſlaine with a muſket. 
Alter this ſpoꝛt, many rare meſents and gifts were giuen and beſtowed on both partes, and the 
next dap los plaied che Parchants in bargaining with them by way ol trucke and exchange ſoꝛ die 
uers of their commoditieg, as hoꝛſes, mares, kyne, buls, goates, (wine, ſheepe, bul hydes, fugar, 
ginger, pearle, tabacco, and fuch like commodittes of the Aland. 
be . day we departed with great good will from the Spanyardes from the Illand of li. 


paniola: but the wiſer font do impute this grtate thew or friendihip, and curteſie vſed towardes 


vs by the Spanperds rather to the force that we were of, aud the bigilancte, and watchfulnes 
that was ame naſt vs, then to any harty good will, dj ſure freindlp intertainment: for doubeleſſe 
il they had bene ur oꝛnger then wee, we might haue looked fo no better curteſie at their handen, 
chen Paſter John Hawkins receiuev at faint Iohn de Vllua op lohn Oxnam neere the ſttrighes 
of Dariene, and diners others of our Countrymen in other places, 

Che d. dax we ankred at a ſmall Aland to take Seales which in chat place wee buderftood to 
baue bene in great quantitie, where the Generall and certaine others with bim in the pinnelle, 
were in verp great danger to haue bene all caſt away, but by the helye of Gov they eſtaped the 
haz ard, and ceturned aboozv the Avmirall in ſafetie. 

The 9. dap we arriued and landed in the Alle of Caycos in which Allande we ſearched fop fale 

vondes, vpon the aduertiſment, and infoꝛmation of a Portingalls who in deede abuled our Gee 
neral and vn, deſeruing a halter fop his bire, ifit had fo plealed vs. 

The x 2. we ankered at Guanema, and landed. 

The 15. and 16. we ankerevand landed at Sygateo. 

The 20. we fell with the mapne of Florida, ; . 

Che 23. wee were in great danger ofa Tacke onabeache called the Cape of Feare, 

The 24. we came to anker in a harbor where we caught in one tyde fo much the as woulde 
baue pelded vs xx pounds in London: this tas our firſt landing in Florida, 

Che 26. we came to anker at Wocokon, 

Cie 29. wee waigbed anker to hing the Cyger into the harbour, where though che vn 
a of the Batter whole name was Fernando, the Admirall Lrooke on grounde, and 

unke. 


Ih. 


he z. we ſeat twopd of our ariuing at Wococon, to Wingino at Roznocke. 

The 6. M. Iohn Arundell was {ene to the mayne, and Manteio with him: and Captapne 
Aubry, and Captaine Boniten the fame day wert Cent to Croatoan, where they found two ofour 
men left there, with 30. other by Captaine Reymond, ſome 20. daies before, 

Che e e Aubry fand Captaine Boniren returned with two of our men found bp them 
to bs at Wocokon, 

The 11. day the General accompanied in bis Tilt boate with Maſter Fobn Arundell, Pe 
leer Stukelye, and diutr other Gentlemen, Matter Lane Maſter Candiſh, Patter Harriot, and 
20. others in the newe prnefie, Captaine Amadas,Captaine Clarke, with tenne others in a (hip 
boate, Francis Boake and John Crbite in another ſpip boate patlen ouer the water from Oco- 
con to the mapne land bictualled fo eight dayes in which vopage we firſt diſtouertd the to vnes 
el Pomiole, Aquaſcogoc and Secota, aud allo the great lake called by che r 


. 
AA. Ralph 
with diue rs other pli 
The 12. we came 
The 13. we palle 
The 15. we came tos 
The 16. we recur 
cocke to demaund a 
tt accopding to his y 
ing fledde. 
The 18. we retur 
xyding at Wocoko 
The 21. our fleets 
Che 27. aur fleets 
Che 29, Grangi 
with him. 


Te 2. The Ad 
1 The ;. alter 
The 25. our Gen 

About the 3 1. be 
made with boards of 
and his men were oi 


Ve 10,0f Sept 
ofthe Tpger. 


Te firt the C 
mouth. 


The 18. the Ge 
pinerle of his wozſhi 


The nam 
that y. 


Malter 


‘MRalph Lane. of the Engliſh nation. 


with diuers other places, and fo returned with that diſcouerx toour Fleece. 
The 12. we came to the Towne of Pomeioke, “none 
Che 13. we palled by water to Aquafcococke, mate 
The 15. we came to Secotan and were well intertayned thereof the Dauages, 
The 16. we returned thence, and one of dur boates with the Admirall was ent to Aquaſco- 
cocke to demaund a ſiluer cup wbich one of the Sauages bad ſtolen from vs, and not receiuing 
ios to his ppottiite,we burnt, and ſpopled their come, and Tobe, all the people ber⸗ 
in dde. a da „ anol 
"abe 18, we returned from the diſcouery ot Secotan, and the ſame day came abooyd our fleete 
gpbing at Wocokon. teed 001 . 
Che 21. our fleete ankering at Wokocon, we wayed anker fo Hatoraske, 
Che 27. dur fleete ankeredat Hatoraa ke, ind there we reſted. art 
Che 29. Grangino, brother to king Wügino, came aboozd the Admirall, and Manteo 


with him. 


Te 2. The Admirall was ſent to V eapemeoke. 
1 The 5. Paſter John Arundell was ſent for Englanp. 
Che 25. our Generall wayed anket, and ſet ſaile toꝛ England. 

About the 3 1. be tooke a Spaniſh Hip of 300. tunne richtp loaden, booꝛding her with a boate 
made with boards of cheſta, which fell a funder, and funke at the ſhipp : · de, alſoone as euer hee 
and his men were out ol ir. n 


September. 


Te ro,of September, by foule weather the General then Sipper in the pre lok ſighe 
ofthe Tyger. n 


cf 


October. 


T5 5 the Tyger fell wich the lanves ende, and the fame bap came to an anker at Fale 
month. , 5 

The 18, the Generall came wich che prile to Plymmouth, and was courteoully ecceiued by 
diuerle of his woꝛſpipfull friends. 2778. 


The names of all thoſe as well Gentlemen as others, 


that remained one whole yeere in Virginia, vn- 


der the Couernement , Maſter 
Raffe Lane. 25 


a Munde Amades,Ade Maſter Thomas Harule, 
mirall of the countrie, Maſter Snelling. 2 
Maſter Hariot. Ilaſter Anthony Ruffles 
- Mafter Acton. Naſter Allyne. 
Matter Edward Stafford, - Matter Michel Polyfon, 
Thomas Luddington, John Cage. 
Maſter Maruyn. Thomas Parre. 
Maſter Gardyner. Willem Randes. 
Captaine Vaughan. Geffery Churchman, 
Matter Kendall, William Farthowe. 
Maſter Prideox. 1 
Robert Holecroſt. 
Riſe Courineß. 
Maiter Hugh Rogers, 


nae 5 3 8 

“are F r 1 i 

W * 595724 y 4 — * 4 ys . 8 

ä : 4 yf „ SR 7 . 8 E 

8 » . 33 OS , r geek 4 tA Ss 
aN AA. yy V,. A 


* edt AA i oat oe 
be es . a te 


. 


aA 


42 


* 
“LIND ok 


5 


. 


87737 


Thomas Fone, 
EdwardNugen, 
Darby Glande, 
_ Edward Kelle. 


pyerer 


Edward Kedeil, 
Thomas Wiſſe. 
Robert Biſcombe. 
William Backhouſe. 
William White, 
Henry Potkin. 
a 2 0 


leſeph 
4 Behn 
Wilen Teaches 
1 E 
Walter Myll. 
Richard Gilbert, 
Steuen Pomarie, 
Iohn Brocke. 
Bennet f 


ere antics 
i 


Tames Steuenſon. 

> Charles Steuenſon. 
ChriftopherLowde. 
Ieremy Man. 
1 Latins 


L land rest 


5 
William Phillppess ' 
Randall Mayne. 


The ee Sir ae — 


Gabriel orth, 
Benne Chapel 


os 


* RowlandGriffym, 
oe 


Ihn T. 
neee. 
Ihn Anwike. 
eee Marſhall, 


Dauid Williams. 

sary Smabber, 
ward C a 

5 — 


Thoms Sleuelabs, 
Wuliam Walters. 


An account of the genden aFthe i . of the Eng. 


liſb men left in Virginia by Sir Richard Gre 


vnder the charge of Mas 


ſter Raife Lane Genorailiaf the! farhe, from the 17. of Auguſt, 1585, vatill 


the 18 sof 8 A atwhich time they depatted the Counttie: 
and directed ta Sir eee 

e wap: 25 tp thisditcourie, I chinhe it requifice to deuide it 
inte toa thall derlare che parttenlartetes of uch partes of the 
. um Cuppy of go nete 

ſary deere g. tubieene es couerp thereok. 
The ſecend 1 reaſons generally mouing bs tortlolue 
on eurvehnetre aer et {nttant with the General Wit Frauneis Drake, and dur 
common requett fop pallage with barkes,pinneties, aud boates with the spaters 


1A 
suu¥ 


Sers: 
le 


— — 


e ip er ſu further time 
pies eee sah brig 


“me 
2220. 


aos 

thence was thore 
and pet full of fla 
which boat could 
uen dayes at the 
ſpalow ſound, the 
hand) we though 
To the Nat 
about 130. miles 
ol the ſound, and 

But the Terr 
was fo? pleaſant 
moditit of the S 
woods of Sala 

Chere be fur 
ning to the Came. 
lonie of the Eng 

To the Noz 
noak about 130 
and the chanell 
fhoales. 

Che Townes 
The womans 
vnder the turifos 
into che River, 
till it come ta C 
minſter, and L 

Betweene M 
bigh land, and th 
Ooanoke, and h. 

Choanoke it 
very Cotwne it 
uince it felfe. 

Che Ring of 
wiſe foz a Saua 
toncerning the 
alſo of his neigb 
Countrep peeld 
gaue me moje v 


laſt paſt 1586. 
his Riuer of Ch 


eenewill, M. Nb Lane. ofthe Engliſh nation. 
The firſt part declaring the particularities of the Coun- 
trey of Virginia. 
PII PO Gell therefore touching the particularicies ofthe Councrey, you thal vnderttand 
ee) Aout bifcouery of the fame bath bene extended from the Gland of Roanoak, (the 
( : HY ane bauing bene the place of our fetclement en inbabitation) inte the South, 
ds into the Nozth, into the JNorhweik, and into the CAictt, 
. The vecermott place to the Bouttyward of any diltouerie was Secotan, bee 

> ing bp estimation foure {cope miles diſtant from Roanoak. The paffage from 
thence mas thoz oe a bead (ound within the mapne, the fame being without kenning of land, 
and pet full of flats and ſhoales: we had but one baate with foure ares to palle though the fame, 
which boat could not carry aboue fiſteene men uh their ſurnitute, baggage, and victuall fo {eo 
wen dayes at the moſt: and as fo our Pinneſſe, befines that ſhe wewe tos derpe water ſoz that 
{halow found, the would not ſtirre for an oererfoꝭ theſe and other reaſons ( wuter allo being at 
hand) we thought good wholy to leaue the dilcoucey of thoſe partes vntill dur ſtronger ſuppite. 

To the Nathwarde our furtheſt diſcouerie was to the Chelepiang, diſtant from Roanoak- 
about 1 30. miles, the patlage ta it was very (alot and mot dangerous. by reafon of the bꝛeadth 
ol the ound, and the litle fuccour that vpon any ſlawe was there to be had. 

But the Territopie and fople efthe Cheſepiana(being vittant fifteene miles from the thoare) ape 1 
was fen piealantnes of lente, fop temperature of Cbmate, fn ferttliticof lople, and fo the coms Jas. 
moditit of the Sea belides multitude of beares (being an excellent good bictuall, with great 
woods of Saſſafras, and Mall nut trees) is not to be excelled by any other whatſoeuer. 

Chere be ſundey Rings, wham they call Weroances, and Countries of great fertilitie adioy· 
ning to the lame, aa the Mandoages, Tripanicks, aud Opoſßians, with all came to bitte the Cos 
lonie of che Engliſb, which A had fop a time appointed co be relident there. 

To the Roꝛzthweſſ the fartheſt place of our diſtouerie was to Choanoke diſtant from Roa · 
noak about 130. milen. Our paſſage thither lpeth through a byoad found , but all freth water, 
R depch, nauigable fo, good ſhipping; but out of the chanel full of 

oales. 

The Tounes abaut the water five fituated by the wap, art theſe following: Pysſnokonnck, 

The womans Towne, Chipanum, Weopomiok, Muſcamunge, and Matraquemall the ſe being 
vnder the inrildiction of the king ol Weopemiol called Okiſco : from Muſcamunge we enter 
into che Niuer, and iurildiction of Choanoke: Chere the Riuet beginneth to ſtraighten vn⸗ 
till it come to Choanołe, and then groweth to be as narrowe as the Thames betweene Nen 
minſter > and Lambeth, i 

Betweene Muſcamunge and Choanoke bpon the left hand as we palle thither, is a goonly 
bigh land, and there is a Towne which we called the blinde Cowne , but the Dauages called it 
Ooanoke, and bath a very goodly come ſield belonging vnto its it is ſubiett to Choanoke. 
Choanoke it ſelfe is the greateſt Pꝛouinte and Seigniozie lying vpon that River, and the aye cowne 

very Tonne it ſelle is able to put 700. fighting men into the ſtelde, delides the forces of the Pꝛo· abe mans 


ye wince tt ſelfe. . 200. menat 
the Eng · Che Ring of the ſapd Pꝛouinte is called Menatonon, a man impotent in his lims, but other MA" 
e of Mae wife for a Sauage, a very graue and wife man, and of very fingular good diſtourſe in matters 
i" . concerning the Fate,not onely of bis omne Countrep, andthe dilpoſition of his owue men, but 
til alfo of his neighbours round about him as wel farre ag neere, and of the commodities that eche 
Countrep peeldeth. hen J had him pꝛiloner with me, fo two dayes that we were together, be 
f gaue me moze underſtanding and light of the Countrey then J bad receiued by all the ſearches 
eco deulde it : and faluages that before J oz any ot my compante had had conference with: it was in March 
artes ol the lat paſt 1586. Amongſt other things he tolde me. that going three dayes iourney in a canoa yp 
Hings necels bis River of Choanoke, and then delcending to she land, pou are within foure dayes iourney to 
paſſe ouer land Nontheaſt te a certaine Kings countrey, whole Prouince pech vpon the Dea, z, und in a 
bs torefolue bu bis place of greateſt trength is an Mand fewate as he defcribed vnto me in a Bap, the un rap. 
dee: . ͤ . Cogent quanto Beta east 
e ut ok this ified vnto mee, chats sin eve 
further time debe cobs Be e tdb Chins chat de weareth, and che bet u. Tuas 
¢ beginning ter fone of bis gentlemen and followers; are full fee with the Capo Pearle, but alfo bis beds, and 
apne to haue er grein witz ehem, and that her hath Such quantitie o them, chat it in a wonder 
. ee. i ee 
The wets» 


Gue 3 


739 The voyages and diſcoueries AM. Ralph Lane, 


He ſhewed me that the (ape Ring was with bim at Choanoak two peeres before and broughe 
him certaine Btarle, but the fame of the wozſt fone, yet was hee faine to buy them of bim fop cops 
per at a deere tate, as be thought: ie gaue me arope of the fame Pearle, but they were blacke, 
and naught, yet many ofthe were verp great, and a fewe among a number very oꝛient and 
round, all which J loft with otber things ol mine, comming aboꝛde Sir Francis Dꝛake hig 
Fleete: pet he tolde me that the layd Ring had great Rope of Pearle that were white, great, 
and round, and that his blacke Pearle his men did take out of ſpalowe water, but the white 
Pearle his men liche d foz in very derpe water, 

It ſeemed to mee by his ſpeech, that the layde king had traffike with white men that hav 
clothes as we haue foꝛ theſe white Pearle, and that was the reafon that he would not vepare with 
other then with blacke Pearles, to thoſe of the ſame Countrep. 

The king of Choanoak pꝛomiſed to giue me guides to goe ouer land into that kings Coun⸗ 


trey whenſoeuer J would: but be aduiſed me to take good Tope of men wich mee, and good fore 


— 


Ahether pa: 
ner Kalp 
Lane meant ta 
reuiooue. 


of victuall, for he apd, that king would be loth to ſuffer any ſtrangers to enter into his Couns 
trep, and eſpeciallp to meddle with the fiſhing for any Pearle there, and that hee was able to 
make a great manp of men into the ſielde, which he fapd would fight very well. 

Pereupon J reſolued with my ſelfe, that if your ſupplie bad come before the end ok Apꝛil, and 
that pou had ſent any ope of boats, oꝛmen, to haue had them made in any reaſonable time, with 
a ſulſicient number of men, and victuals to haue found vs vntill the new coꝛne were come in, J 
woulde haue ſent a ſmall Barke with two P. uneſſes about by Sea to the Mozthwarde to haue 
found out the Bay he ſpake of, and to haue founded the barre if there were any, which ſhoulde 
haue ridden there in the ſayd Bap about that Aland, while J with all che {mall boats J tould 
make, and with two hundzeth men would haue gone vp to the head of the Niuer of Choanoak, 
with the guides that Menatonon would haue giuen, which J would haue bene aſſured ſhould 
haue bene of his be& men, (fop J bad his beſt beloued ſonne pꝛiſoner with me) who alfo ſhould 
haue kept me companie in an handlocke with the reſt foote by foote all the voyage ouct land. 

My meaning was further at the head of the Niuer in the place of my vefcent where J would 
haue left my boates to haue rapfed a ſconſe with a ſmall trench, and a palliſado vpon the top of 
it, in the which, and in the garde of my boates J would haue left ſiue and twentie, oz thirtie men, 
with the ret would J haue marched with as much victuall as euery man could haue carried, 
with their kurniture, mattocks, ſpades and axeg, two dayes iourney. In the ende of my marche 
vpon fome conuenient plot won ld J baue raplen another ſconſe accoyding to the former, where 
A would baue left 15. o) 20. And it it would haue fallen out conuenientlp, in the way J woulde 
haue raiſed my ſayd fconfe vpon fome cone fielde, that my tompanie might haue lined vpon it. 

And fo J would haue holden this cour ſe of inſconling euery two dayes march, vntill J had 
bene arriued at the Bay oz Ponte he ſpake of: which Anding to be worth the poſſeſſion, J would 
there haue railed a mapne lozte, both fo) the defence of the barbozoughs, and our ſyipping allo, 
and would haue reduced our whole habitation from Roanoak and from the harbonough and pore 
there ( which by proofe is very naught) vnto this other before mentioned, from whence , in the 
foure Dapes marche before ſpeciſied could at all tunes returne with my tompanie backe outa 
my boats ryding vnder my ſconſe, very neere whereunto directly from the Tick runneth amok 
notable Riuer, and in all thoſe partes moſt famous, called the Riuer of Morotico. This Ris 
uer opencth into the bꝛoad ſound ol Weopomiok : And whereas the Niuer of Choanoak , and 
all the other founds, aud Bayes, fale and freſb, ſbewe no currant in the wozld in calme weather, 
but are mooued altogether with che winde: This Ritter of Morotico hath fo violent a cute 
tant from the Meſt and Souchiwelk , that it made me almoft of opinion that with cares it would 
ſtarſe be nauigable: it paſſeth with many creeks and turnings, and fo} the ſpate of thirtie miles 
rowing, and moze, it is as bꝛoad as the Thames betwixt Greenwich, and the Ile of dogges, in 
ſome place moge, and in ſome leſle: the turrant runneth as ſtrong being entred fo high into the 
River, as at London bzidge vpon a vale water. 

And foz that not onely Menatonon, but alſo che Sauages of Morotico themſelues doe re · 
port ſtrange things of the head of that River, and that from Moroticoit ſelfe, which is a princts 
pall Towne vpon that River, it is thirtie dapes as Come of them fay, and ſome fap fourtie dayes 


vopage to the head thereof, which head they fap ſpingeth out ofa maine rocke in that abundance, 


that koꝛthwith it maketha mot violent ſtreame: and further, that this huge rocke ſtandeth nete 
vnto a Sea, that many times in ſtoꝛmes (the winde comming outwardly from p Sea)the waues 
Psd cue into the laid fret) reame, fo that the freth water fop a certaine (pace, growech 


: J cooke 


M.Ralph 


+ J tooke a reſo 
for, and ſent his f 
with two double 
vs, vntill we cou 
ther kinde of Sa 
touer ing moe vi 
ning in that diſco 
Fo Pemiſap 
ganimo, had giu 
uing bin infozter 
and pet he did ne 
allembly even at 
the number ok 30 
were iopned in tl 
enterpꝛile: And 
J found at my co 
haue the better h 
was altogether 
who ſent them cd 
five he tolde me t 
ee in like fo 
Riuer, and to kil 
tred into a leagu 
River, and rety? 
much as hauing 
a graine of cone 
but two dapes b 
tontrarie windes 
of our vopage in 
then loz our copy 
putting fooꝛth o 
all, aud of mine 
foontl by them, t 
vs, and therckoze 
our returne bon 
Weopomiok in 
mans Towne, a 
Thus much 
greateſt number 
ſome further vie 
wile to retyꝛe oi 
them to delivers 
courfe accopdin 
was (and not th 


pinte ol cone fe 


in the companic 
fell out) the con 
the currant to t 
at the fartheſt t 
dayes they wou 
either as friend: 
them ſelues, a! 
bene rather of tl 

And that wh 
ſtiendſhip oꝛ ot 
torious to all p 
and traffike vp 
This Mine isl 


A. Ralph Lane. ofthe Englifh nation, 


A coe a reſolution with my ſelfe, hauing diſmiſled Menatonon vpon a r a 

fo2, and ſent his ſonne into the Hinneſſe to Roanoak,to enter pactenelp lo farre — 
with two double whirries, and fourtie perfons one 02 other, as I could haue vittuall to carrie 
vs, until we could mecte with moge eicher of the Moratiks, o ot the Mangoaks which is ons ⸗ 
ther kinde of Sauages dwellung mode to the TCleltwarde of the ſapd Riuer: but the hope of res 


bite, great, dcouering moje victuall from the Sauages made me and my company as narowlyp to eſcapt fare 
t the white ning in that diſcouerte beloze our returne, as euer men did that milſed the lame. 
Fo Pemiſapan, who had changed his name of Wingina vpon the death or bis brother Gran. Wingine chi 

en that haw ganimo, had giuen both the Choaniſts, & Mangoaks woyd of mp purpoſe touching them, Aha id bis nam 
depart with uing bin infoꝛted to make him pꝛiuie to ö fame, tobe ſerued by him ofa guide to the Mangoaks; 

and pet he vid neuer reſt to folicice continually mp going vpon ehem,certifping me of a generall 
ngs Coun⸗ aſſembly euen at that time made by Menatonon at Choanoak of all his Weroances, ¢ allyes to 
good oye the number of 3000. bowes preparing to come vpon vs at Roanoał and that the Mangoaksalfa 
bis Couns were ioyned in the fame contederacie, who were able of themſelues to Lying as many moze to the 
was able to enterpꝛile: And true it was, that at that time the alſembly was holden at Choanoak about vs, as |: 

I found at my comming thither, which being vnlooked fo) did ſo diſmay them, as it made vs a 
f Apiil, and haue the better hand at them. But this confederatie againſt vs of the Choaniſts env Mangoaks per 5 
time, with was altogether and whally procured by Pemiſapan himſelle, as Menatonon conftlled vnto me, la 
come in, A wo ſent them continuall worde that our purpole was fully bent to deſtroy them: on the other 33 
irdeto haue 5 five he tolde me that they had the like meaning towards vs. F 4 
ich choulde Wee in like fore hauing ſent woꝛde to the Mangoaks of mine intention to paſſe vy into their liga 
ts J could Niuer, and to kill them (as he ſayd) both they and the Moratiks, with whome before we were ene 1 pS 
Choanoak, tred into a league, and they had euer dealt kindely with vs, abandoned their Townes along the 141 
ured pound River, and retyzed themſelues with tbeir ¶ Crenepoes, and thtit come within the mayne: infor 1 Chet wem 1 
alſo ſhould much as bauing paſſed thꝛee dapes voyage bp the Riuer, we could not meete a man, noz finde bee 
uer land. a graine ot coꝛne in anp their Townes: whereupon conſidering with my felfe, that wee has 5 A 
te J would but two daes bictuall left, and that wee were then 160. miles from home, belides caſualtie of 8 
ithe top of dTontrarie windes oz ſtozmes, and fulpecting treafon of our owne Sanages in the difcouerte 9.5 
hirtie men, of our vopage intended, though we had no intention to be hurtful to any ol them, otherwiſe — 
aue carried, then fo? our copper to haue had coꝛne of them: J at night vpon the corps of garde, before the 8. 
my marche putting fooꝛth of centinels, aduertiſed the whole companie of the cafe wee ſtoode in foꝛ victu⸗ 4 
mer, where all, and of mine opinion that we were betrayed by our owne Sauages, and of purpole dꝛawen * 
yD woulde looꝛth hy them, vpon vaine hope to be in the ende ſtarued, ſering all the Countrey tledde before — 
led vpon it. vs, and therekoze while we had thoſe two dapes victuall left, J thoughtit good for vs to make 
till J had our returne bome warde, and that it were necelſarie fo vs to get the other five of the found ol 
n, J would Weopomiok in time, where we might be relleued vpon the weares of Chypanum, and the woe 
ping alte, mans Towne, although the people wert fled. : 
rb and pone Thus much J ſigniſted vnto them, ag the lafeſt wap: neuertheleſſe, J did referre it to the 
nce, in the greateſt number of bopces, whether we ſbould aduenture the (pending of our whole victuall in 
backe vnto ſome further viewe of that moſt goodly Niuer in hope to meete with ſome better hap, oꝛ others 
neth a molt wife to retyꝛe our ſelues backe againe.: And for that tbey might be the better aduiſed, J willed 
This Ris them to deliberate all night vpon the matter, and in the morning at our going aboyde to fet our 
moak, and courſe accoꝛding to the deſires of the greateſt part. Their reſolution fully and wholly 
je weather, was (and not thꝛee found to be of the contrarp opinion) chat whiles there was left one halle 
lent a cur⸗ pinte of coꝛne foꝛ a man, that we ſhould not leaue the {earch of that Riuer, and that there were 
es it would in the companie two maſtiues, vpon the portage of which with ſaſſafras leaues (if the wont 
ittic miles fell out) the companie would make ſhift to line two apes, which time would bring them Downe 
dogges, in ! the currant to the mouth of the River, and to the entrie of che found, and in two dapes more 
th into the at the fartheſt they hoped to croſſe the lounde and to bee relieued by the weares, which two 

dapes they would faſt rather chen bedzawen backe a foote till tbey had ſeene the Mangoaks, 
tes doe re⸗ either as friends oz foes. This reſolution of theirs did not a little pleaſe mee, ſince it came ol 
is a pinti⸗ them ſelues, although loz miſtruſt of that which afterwards did happen, J pretended to haue 
urtie Daves bene rather of the contrary opinion. 
abundance, And that which made me moſt deſirous to haue ſome doings with the Mangoaks either in 
mdeth nete friendthip oꝛ otherwiſe to haue bad one oꝛ two of them prifoners, was, for h is it à thing moſt nes. 
the waues toꝛious to all p countrey, that there is a Pꝛouinte to the which the fayd Mangoaks haue rerourſe 9 mmh 
e, growers and traffike vp that Riuer of Morattico, which bath a marueilous and moſt france Mineral. einecal wipe 


This Mine is lo notopious amongit them, as not oncly to tye Dauages dweluing vy the layde Sparmis Ger 


riuer, moatan. 


J cooke 0 


741 The voyages and Diesarrics M.Ralph Lane. 


siuet,anoalfo to the @pauages of Choanoke, and all them to the weltward, but alſo to all them 
ol the mapneꝛthe countries name is of fame, and is called Chaunis Temoatan, 

Che mineral they fap is Waſſador, which is topper, but they call by the name ol Waſſador 
tuery mettall mhatſoeuer: they (ep it is of the couler of our copper, dut our copper is better then 
theirs s and the reafon is foꝝ that it is render and harder, whercas that of Chaunis Temoatan id 
verp foft, and pale: they fap that they take the ſayd mettall out of a riuer that falleth very ſwilt 
fram hie rocks, and hyls, and they take it in ſhallowe water: the manner is this. They take a 
great bowle bp their diſeription as great as one of our targets, and wꝛap a {kinne oust the hol⸗ 
lowe part thereof, leauing one part open to reteiue in the minerall: that done, they watch the 
comming downe of the currant, and the change of the couler of the water, and then ſuddeniy 
chop downe the {apn bowle wild the Chin, and receiue into the fame as much oare as will come 
in, which is euer as much as their bowle wil hold, which pꝛeſently they taſt into a fire, and fopth. 
with it melteth, and voeth pecive in 5. partes, at the firſt melting, two parts of metall fo thice 
partes of dart. Ok this metall the Mangoaks haue fo great ſtoꝛe, by report of all the ſauages 
adiopning, that they beautiſie their houſes with great plates ofthe ſame: and this to be true, J 
reteluen by repos of all the country, and particularly by pong Skiko, the king of Choanokes 
ſonne my prifoner, tubo alſo himſelle had bene prifonce with the Mangoaks, and fet downe all 
the particularities ta mee before mentioned: but hee had not bene at Chawnis Temoatan him 
felfe : fop he ſayd, it was twentie dayes iourney ouerlande from the Mangoaks, to the ſaide mi · 
nerall country, and that they paſſed though certaine other territopies betweene them and the 
Mangoaks, before thep tame to the ſaid country. 

Upon repozte of the pꝛemiſſes, which J was very inquiũtiue in all places where J came to 
take very particular infoʒmation of, by all the ſauages that dwelt towards thoſe parts, and eſpe⸗ 
cially of Menatonon himſelſe, wo in euery thing did verp particularly infome mee, and pꝛo⸗ 
miſed mee guides of his owne men, who ſhoulde paſſe ouer with mee, euen to the ſayde country 
of Chaunis Temoatan, (fo; ouer lande from Choanok to the Mangoaks is but one dapes toute 
ney from ſunne ryſing to ſunne ſetting, wbereas by water it is 7. daes with che ſoonell:) Theſe 
things J fay, made me verie deſirous by all meanes poſſible to recouer the Mangoaks, i to gt 
ſome of that their copper foran aſſap, and therefore I willingly peelded to their reſolution: But 
it fell out very contrarie to all expectation, and likelybood: to after two dayes trauell, and our 
whole victual fpent, lying on thoare all night, wee could neuer fee man, onely fires wee might 
perceiue made alongſt the ſhoare where we were to pafic, and bp into the countrie vntill the ves 
xy laf day. In the euening whereof, about three of che clocke we heard certaine ſauages call 
as we thought, Manteo, tube was alfa at that time with met in boate, whercof we all being ves 
rie glad, hoping of fome friendly conference with them, and making him to anſwere them, they 
pꝛeſently began afong, as we thought in token of our welcome to them: but Manteo ppefentip 
betooke him to his peece, and tolde mee that they ment to fight with vs: which wond was not fo 
confides ſoone ſyoken by bim, and the light hoꝛſeman ready to put to ſhoare, but there lighted a vollie of 

gun b p Sar their arrowes amongſt them in the boate, but did no hurt God be thanked to any man. Immedi⸗ 
ve ally, the other boate lying ready with their hot to fhoure the place for our hand weapons to land 
vpon, which was meſently done, although the lande was very bigh and ſteepe, the Dauages 

forthwith quitted the ſboare, and betooke themſelues to flight: we landed, and hauing fayze and 

eaſilp followed foʒ aſmal time after them, whe had wooded themſelues we know not whert:the 

ſunne dawing then towards the letting, and being then affured that the next day, if wee would 

purfue them, though wee might happen to meete with them, vet we ſhould bee allured to meete 
with none ol their victuall, which we then bad good taule to thinke ol, therefoyte choofing for the 

tompanie a conuenient grounde in ſaletie to lodge in foʒ the nigbt, making a ſtrong cops of 

arde, and putting out good centinels , J determined the next moꝛning before the rifing of the 

unneto be going backe againe, if poſſibly wee might recouer the mouth ef the river into the 

Monde founde, which at my ſirſt motion J found my whole companie ready to aſſent unto: fo? 

they were nowe come to their dogs popredge, that they had beſpoken fo) chem felues, if that bee 

fell them which did, and J before did miſtruſt we ſhould hardly efcape, The ende was, we came 

Che great cur · the next day by night to the riuers mouth within 4, 02 5. miles of the fame hauing rowed in ene 
1 — day downe the currant, as much as in . dayes we bad done againtt the ſame: we lodged vpon an 
tite, Allande, where wee had in che wonlde to eate but pottage of ſaſſafras leaues, the like 

ie wbercof for ameate was neuer vied before as A thinks, Che bpoad fownve wee had to paſſe, the 

2 next day all freſh and faſting: that day the winde biewe fo ſtrengly, and the billodo ſo grtat, that 
there was no pollibilitic of paſſage without ſinking of our bone. Chis was bpon aa 


M. Rule 
which was fader 
wee entred che fo 
that wee had lelt 
not vtterly to ſuf 
The next moni 

J baue fet dor 
(as true it is) the 
paue perũ ted chis 
of God, a pall 
in requett to be ii 


bp ſtoꝛme: the o 
ny tonuenient 
on of . Harrio 
Mexico, o els fr 
And toucbing 
ſeeing the Sans 
Wilhercfare a 
foure dapes o 
tanvechnough th 
bp the riner of 


ſconſes being {ct 
any bpoad fhaile 
deurt ot che may 


bene performed 
pad pꝛouided fo} 
now at the laſt ft 


which truely. ch. 


barks matter, Tf 
oufly ſupplyed b 
performed the g 
for ſome his goo 


Thefeconc 


wR yw NT OA 


e 
shy 


Lane. AA. RalfeLane.. ol the Engliſh nation. : 742 


: which was fallen very trulie. Upon Caſter day in the morning: t I 
all them wee entred che ſownde, and by g. ok the clocke we were e 3 
ae een ee fe be pes era Go pen 
oz ſome of our co 
1 ** r 1 at a bome Roanoake, sic aspects —_— (pent, 
} i aue let Downe this vopage fomewhat particularly, to the ende it u N 
e (as true it is) that there wanted no great 008 Mil ont the . 
i the bol⸗ baue perdited this diſcouerie of che mines fog that the diſcouerp of a good mine, by the godontile 
of God ma paſſage to the Boutbſea, on ſomtwey toit. and nothung els can bung thin countrp 
in requett to be inhabited by ur nation. And with the dilcouery ofanp ofthe two aboue ſhe med 
a wütete mott werte, and bealtbfullett climate, aud chererwitbellcbemod fertile ple, being 
oor be <li. _ tt vipa manp other roten ¢ gummen there found 
Marc and la hi ˖ 
=r) ea 8 on 2 mfg ene eae male “ themſelues will not bet 
ouided alfo, that there be found out a better harbezougb then yet there is, which 
tothe Nanthmard. if anp there be, which was mine eee ee 8 re 
fearchof, and of the mine ol Chawnis Temoatant the one I would haue done, if the barkstbat 
Should haue had of B. Francis Dꝛabe, by his bouoꝛable curteſie, bad not bene dꝛiuen aap 
bp ſtoꝛme: the other if your ſupply of moze men, and ſome other neceflaries had come to vs in a 
np conuenient ſufficiencie. Foꝛ this riuer of Moratico ꝑomileth great things, and by the opini: 
n ef . Harriots the beade of tt by the delcription of the country, either rifech from the bap of 
Mexico, op els from very neere vnto the ſame, chat openetb nut into che South fea, 
And touching the Minerall thus doth M. Naugham aflirme that though it be but copper, 
ſeeing the Sauages are able to melt it, it is one of che richelt Minerals in the woꝛlde. 
Wherefoze a good harboꝛougb founde to the Ronbward, as before is ſayd, ann from thence 
foure dayes auerland, to the riuer of Choanoak ſcouſes being rayſen, from hence againe ourre 
undethꝛough the pꝛouince ef Choanoak one hayes voyage to the firfttotwne of the Mangoaks 
: bythe riner of Moratico bp the way, as alfe bpou the ſayd riuer foꝛthe defence of our boats like 
tion: But ſconſex being (ct, in this courte of proceeding pou ſpall cleave yout elfe from all thoſe bangers 
1, and dur and booad ſpallome ſownds befoge mentioned, and gane within foure dayes traueil into the 
mee migbt deartof che mayne 200. mples it the Ica, and ſo paſſe pour biſconerie inte that matt notable, 
till the bes anv to the lihelielt partes of the mayne, with larrt greater felicttie then ochertniſe can bee per⸗ 


tamen. . 

Thus fir, I hare though limply, yet truely fet downe bute pou, what my labour with the rel 
olthe gentlemen, and pooze men of our company, (not without both payne, and perill which 
> ppefentlp the lode in bis merey manp wayes delinered strom) could peeloe onto pou, which might bans 
was not ſo bene performed in ſame moze perfection, ifthe lope bad bene pleaſed that onelp that which you 
avollie of bad pꝛouided fo; vs had at the ſirſt bene left buch vs, on that he had not ta his eternall pꝛouidence 
Immedi⸗ now at the laſt (et Come other courte in theſe things, then the wiledome of man could looke into, 
ons to land which truelx the carping awap, by a maſt trange, ¢ vnlooked fo} Nope all our poowifion, with 
Dauages barks matter, Marrpners, and ſunmie alſo of mine one company, all hauing bene fo curtes 
fapꝛe and oufly ſupplyed by the Generall S. Francis Dꝛake, the fame hauing bene most luffittent to haut 
toberesthe perfarmend the greateſt part of che premities, mutt euer make me to thinke, che hand of Hod only, 
wee would in lome his good purpoſe to my felfe yet vnknowne, to haue bene in the matter. 

d to meete 25 


Thefecond part touching the conſpiracy of Pemiſapan, che difco. 
uerie of the fame, and at the lait, of our requeSt to depart 
with S. Francis Drake for England, 


Nſenore a ſauage father te Pemiſapan being the only frend to our nation chat 

we had among chenſ, and about the king, dyebthe 20. 0k Anil, 1586, bee u. 

lone, had befone oppoled bimfelfe in their conſultations againſt al matters pro 

ed vpon an : pofedagnintt va, which both the king, and all che ret of them after Grange- 

rs, the like f ei. h moes death, were very willing te haue preferred, And he was not onely by the 

paſſe, the K meere pꝛouidente ef Ged during his life, a meane to ſaue vs from hurt, aspope 
ſonings and ſuch like, but allo to doe vs verx great good, and fingulerip inebis. 

She king was nvuifen aun of himſeile vilpoten; a a reavpncane to haue eee 


4 7 WN, 
e . reef N 
44 8 a’ wa 


Oy. 
er 
— 
re. N.. 


743 The voyages and difcoueries A N Lane. 


vs ta rutue in the moneth of March, 1586, himlcife allo wich all his Sauages to haue runne 
away from vs, and to haue left bis ground in the Aland vnſowed, which if he had done, there ban 
bene no pollibilitie in common teafon, (but by the immediate hand of God) that we could haue 
bene pꝛeſerued from ſtaruing out of hand. Fop at that tune wee had no weares ſoz liſbe, neither 
3 men Chill of the making of them, neither had wee one grayne ol coꝛne fop {ede to put 
into the ground. 12 209 5 ö 

An mine abſence on my voyage that J had made againſt the Chaoniſts, and Mangoaks,thep 
had raiſed a bzutte among themſelues, that A and my company were part llapne, and part ttars 
ued by the Chaoniſts, and Mangoaks, Dune part of this tale was too true, that I and mine were 
like to be ſtarued, but the other falſ e. ’ 

Neuertheleſſe vntill mp returne, it cooke uch cffect in Pemifapans byeaſt, and in thole againſt 
vs, that they grew not onelx into tontempt ol vs, but alſo (contrary to their foyer reucrend os 
pinion in ſde w, of the almightie God of heauen, and Telus Chit, whome wee ſerue and wops 
hip, whome before they woulde acknowledge and conkeſſe the onely God:) nowe they began ta 
blaſpheme, and flatly to fay, tbat our Lom God was not God, fince hee fuffcred vs to luſtaine 
much hunger, and allo ta be killed of the Renapoaks, fo) fo they tall by that generall name, all 
the inhabitants al the whole mapne, of what proutuce ſoeuer. Anſomuch as olde Enſenore, net. 

ther anp of bis fellowes, coulde for his fake haue no moze credite lo; vs: and it came fo farre 
that the Ring was reſolued to haue pꝛeſently gone away as is afopeſaid. ö 

But euen in the beginning of his byuite I returned, which when hee ſaw contrarie to his ere 
pectation, and the aduertiſement that he had receiued: that not only my ſelle, and my company 

were al ſafe, but alſo by report ot his omne 3. fauages, which had bene with mee befives Man. 
teo in that voyage, that is to fap, Tetepano, his fitters huſband Eracano, and Cosſine, that the 
Chaoniſts, and Mangoaks,(tubole name, and multitude beſides their valour is terrible ta al the 
reſt of che pꝛouinces) durſt not fo) the mok part ot them abide vs and that thofe that did abide vs 
were killed, and that we had taken Menatonon ꝓziſoner, and brought his fonne that he beſt louen 
to Roanoak with me, it did not a little aſſwage all deuiſes againſt vs: on the other ſide, it made 
Enſenors opinions to be receiued againe with greater reſpects. Fo hee had often beſoze tolde 
them, and then renewed thoſe his lozmer ſpeeches, both to the king and the reff, that wee were 
the ſeruants of God, and that wee were not lubiect to be deſtroyed by them: but contrariwife, 
chat they amongit them that ſought our deſtruction, ſhould finde their owne, and not be able ta 
wopke ours, and that we being dead men were able to doe them moje hurt, then now we couldt 
do being aliue: an opinion very confivently at this dap bolden by the wiſeſt amongſt them, and 
of their olde men, as alſo, that they haue bene in the night, beeing 100. myles from any ol vs in 
the ape ſbot at, and ſtroken by ſome men of ours, that by ſicknelſe had dyed among them: and 
many of them holde opinion, that wee be dead men returned into the woꝛlde againe, and that we 
doe not remayne dead but for a tertaine time, and that then we returne againe. f 

All theſe ſpeeches then againe grew in ful credite wich them, the King and all touching bs, 
when bee ſaw the ſmall troupe returned againe, and in that foxt from tbole whole very names 
were terrible onto them: but that which made vp the matter on our five fo) that time was an 
actident, pea rather, (as all the reſt was the good pꝛouidence of the Almightie for the ſauing of 
bs, which was this, 

Within certaine dayes after my returne from the laid iourney, Menatonon ſent a meſlenger 
to vilite his foune the prifoner with me, and ſent me certaine pearle fo a prefent,op rather as Pe- 
miſapantold me, forthe ranſome of his ſonne, and therefore J refuſed them: but the greateſl 
tauſe of his ſending then, was to fignifie onto me, that hee had commaunded Okisko king of 
Weopomiok,to pelde bimfelfe ſeruant, and homager, to the great Weroanza of England, and 
after her to Sir Wialter Ralegh: to perfaurnie which commandement reteiued from Menato- 
non, the ſayd Okisko iopntly with this Menatonons meflenger, ſent foure and twentie of bis 
pꝛincipalleſt men to Roanoak to Pemifapan, to fignifie that they were readie to perfourme the 
fame, and ſo had ſent thole his men to let me knowe, that from that time kay warde hee, and bis 
pipe isd were to acknowledge ber Maieſtie their ouely Doucraigne, and next vnto her, as 
is afozeſayde. 5 e i? 

All which being done, and acknowlengen by them all, in the prefence of Pemifapan bis 
father, and all his Sauages in counſel then with bim, it did fop the time, thoꝛowlp(as it leemed) 
change him in diſpolition to ward vs: Inſomuch as fonhwith Enſenore wan this refolution 
of him, that out of hand be fheuld goe about, ¢ withall, to cauſe bis men to fee bp weares foꝛth · 
with lo zus: boch which he, at that pꝛelent went in hand withal ¢ did ſo labour the expedition 10 4 


Doade iu the 3 


with twentie mo 
would haue beſe 


_ inthe nightchep 


— 
AA. Mule 
that in the end ol 
to haue led our w 
befives that be g 
matueilous com 
haue bene the be 
owue Roe woul 
which meane (pa 
weaves ſhould fa 
growing cone, 
which we very h 
q; within fewt 
dead, but certain 
Wancheſe moft 
were teadily imt 
But that of ke 
hauing made the 
at Addeſmocop 
wanted no ſtoze 
this following. 
Firſt that Ok 
great quantitie o 
matter thus to be 
minde which che 
(ould haue bene 
ple wich the Che 
voynted to the m 


ppoulo interchan 


haue executed mi 
mapne forces of 
hed the reſt oft 


was this. 
Tarraquinea 


fame, which the 


as it was likely 
irt without art 
The lame o7 
our better (ore, a 
fo them of the fe 
ber together, an 
Paved, were a tet 
te in pzactiſe, tha 


once being broke 
that J muſt bee e 
ces to liue vpon 
and other plates 
ing, which fale 
fapling vs of 15 
mp lord Admir 
panp, and al ſo ti 
ſent matter Pu 
thal to line there 
the companie to 
In the meant 
to Cee his groun 


ST a NTO 


ths, n N -( 


— . 0 0 
Lane. MA. Mufe Lane. of the Engliſh nation. 744 
aue runne that in the end of April, he had ſowed a good quantitie of fo much as had bene ſullicit 
there had to haue led our whole company ( Goo dieſling the — aw by the belly fo) a whole — 
ould haue bellden that be gaue bs a certaine plot of grounds fopour felues to ſomt. All whieh put bs tt 
e, neither marueilous comfort, If we could palle from Apztll. vntill toe beginning of July, (which was to Ene degine 
ede to put baue bene the beginning of their haruett,) chat then a newe ſupplie out of Engiande op els our zung fied 
Bronte Rope would well inough maintayne vs: All our feare twas of he two moneths betwixt, Nu. . 
oaks, they which meane (pace,tE che Soauages ſhould not belpe bs with Caſſada, and Chyna, and that our 
part ſtar⸗ weaves ſpould faple va, (as often they div,) wee might very well Marue, nottwitiRanding the 
mine were growing copne,like che ſtaruing bople inthe Mable, with the growing grate as the pouttbe ts, 
which we very hardlpe had elcayed but onely by the bande of God, agit pleaten him to trp vs, 
ole againſt $0} within few dayes alter, as before is fapde Enſenote our ftiende dyed, who was no fooner 
euerend oe dead, but certaine aur great enemies about Pemiſapan, m Oſoc an a Weroance, Tanaquiny and 
e and wo Wancheſe moſt principally were in hand again to put their old ppactifes in vre againſt ba, which 
p began ta wete readily imbzated, x al thett foꝛmet deuiſes againũ vs rene wed, ¢ new brought in queſtion. 
to ſuſtaine But that of ſtaruing vs, by their fozbearing to ſowe, was broken by Enſenore in his life, by 
Iname, all hauing made the king all at one inſtant to ſowe his grounde not onelp in the Illande but alfa 
nore, nel. at Addeſmocopeia in the mapne, within two leagues ouer againſt vs, Neuertheleſſe there 
ie ſo farre 2705 no * of milcheuous pꝛactiſes among them, and ofall they reſolued principally of 
t owing. 
e to his ers Firk chat Okisko,king of Weopomiok, withthe Mandoages, (houtdbee mourd, and with Tecentvicas 
company great quantitie of copper intertapnev to the number of ſeuen, op 800 bowes tothe enterppife che pan. 
ives Man- matter thus to be oydꝛed. They ol Weopomiok ſhould be inuitedto a certaine kind of moneths 
e, that tbe minde which they do vſe to lolemniſe in their Spauage maner for any great perſonage dead, and 
le to al the thould haue bene flop Enſenore. At this inſtant alſo ſould the Mandoaks, who were a great peoe 
id abide bs ple with the Chefepians, and their friends to the number of 700, ol them to be armed at a day ap: 
e belt louen popnted to the mapne of Addeſmocopeio, and there Iping cloſe at the ligne of frers, which 
de, it made _ fhoulo interchangeably be made on both fives, wor Pemiſapan wh bis troup aboue named ſpould . 
efore tolde baue executed me, and ſome of our Weroances (as they called all out principall officers, the ‘ 
twee were mapne forces of the ref ſhould haue come ouer into the Bland wobere they ment to haue diſpat — 
ntrariwiſe, thed the reſt of the company, whome they did imagine to finde both diſmaped and diſperſed a 8. — 
be able to dzoave in the Illande ſeeking of crabs, and iich to lie withall, The manner ol their encerprile 2 l 
ne touldt was this, 5 aX 
them, and Tarraquine and Andacon two principal men about Pemiſapan, and very luſtie fellowes pe 
imp of vs in with twentie moze appointed to them bad the charge ol inp per ſon to fee an onder taken foz the tig 
them: and , fame, which they ment ſhould in this foe haue bene crecuced, In the dead time of the night they 18 
ind that we would baue beſet my houſe, and put fire in the teedes, that the ame was coueres with: meaning 9 5 5 
; as it wag likelpe) that my felfe woulde haue come running out of a fuvden amazed in mp 1 
uching bs, fre without armes, vpon the inlant whereok they woulde haue knocked out my bꝛaynes. 1 5 
ery names The lame order was giuen to certaine of his fellowes, for M. Herriots: fo fo; all the reſt of 8 
ne, was au our better foze, all our houles at one inſtant being let on fire as alode is apde, and that as well — 
e ſauing of fox them of the forte, as for vs at the towne. Now to the end chat we might be the fewer in num · IS 
ber together, and ſo be che moze ealilie dealt withall (ko in deede ten of vs with out armes pꝛe⸗ Che Méficiens ao 
mellenger Paved, were a terrour to a hundzed ot the beſt foxtofthem, ) they agreed and did inimentatly put un deals, men 4 — 


ther as Pe- i it in pꝛactiſe, that they ſhould not foz any copper, ſell vs any victuals whatſoeuer: beſldes that gaint the mas 
be greatelt in the night they ſhould lend to haue our weares robber, and allo to tauſe them to be broken and 10. 
o king ol once being bycken neuer to berepayredagaine by chem. Bp this meanes the Ring oop alſurrd, 
gland, and that I mut bee enforced fer lacke of ſullenance, there to diſband my companp into fanvzy pla: 

Menato- ces to liue vpon ſhell fithe, fo, ſo the Bauaget themſelues doe, going to Orrorasko, Crotoan, 
entie of bis and other places fiſbing and hunting, while their grownds be in ſo wing, and thett coꝛne grow: ape 2 
fourme the ing, which fapled not his expectation, Fon che famine grewe o extteeme among vs, ou weares and pmg 
pee, and bis fapling vs of lich, that J was enfozted to fend captaine Stalfoꝛd with 20. with bim to Crotoan eniparuett, 
nto her, as mp Loyd Admirals Iſland to ſerue two turnes in one, that is to lay co feepe himſelle, and his com. 

panp, and alſo to keepe watch, if any thipping tame vpon the coat to warnt vs of the lame. JI 

ifapan his ſent matter Puidiox withthe Ppnneffe to Otreraſco, ano ten with bim, toich the Pouoſt Par- 
it ſeemed) thal to line there, and allo to wayte fop ſbippingꝛ allo J {ent enerp werke 16,0) 20, of che reſt of 
relolution the companie to the mapneeuer agatntt va, to liue of Cafada,and opfers. 
pares forth Inthe meane tobile Pemifapan went ef purpole to Addeſmocopeio for 3. caufes, che ene, 
dition ne to fee his grounds chere hoken vp, and (owen fon a fecond croppe : che other to bnichtyatoe wien 


eer 


745 The voyages and diſcoueries .Ralph Lane. 


{elfefrom mp vaply fending to him fog (apply of viccuall to mp company, fo? hee was afrayde 
tobenpe me any ching, neither durſt he in my ppelence but by colour, and with excuſts, which 
Twas content to accept fo the time, meaning in the ende as J bad reaſon, to gine bim the 
lumpe once fox all: but in the meane whiles, as J bad euer done befoze, J and mine bare all 
Wrongs, and accepted of all excuſes. 

Mb purpole was to haue relyed my ſelfe wich Menatonon, and the Chaoniſts, who in truth 
us they are meꝛe valiant people and in greater number then the reit, fo are they more faithfull 
in their momiſes, and ſince my late being there, bad giuen many tokens of carnet defire they 
dad to lopne in perfect league with vs, and thereſoze were greatly offended with Pemiſapan and 
Weopomiok fo making him belecue (uch tales of vs. 


Soe third caule olhis going to Addeſmacopeio was to diſpateh bis meſſengers to Weopo · 


miĩok, and to the Mandoages, as afopeſaid, al which he did with great impzelle of copper in hand, 
‘ making large pꝛomiſes to them of greater ſpople. 

The anſ were within fewe dayes after, came from Weopomioł, which was deuided into two 
parts. Firk for the King Okisko,who denped to be of p partie fop himſelſe, o; any of his eſpecial 
followers, and therefoze did immediatly retype himſelle with his force into the mapne sche other 
was concerning the reſt of the layd pꝛouinee who accepted of it : and in like ſoyt the Mandoags 
receiued the unpꝛeſt. 

The day ok their alſembly afopeſayd at Roanoak, was appovnted the 10. of Julp: all which 
the pꝛemiſes were dilcouered by Skyco, the king Menatonon his ſonne my ppifoner,whobauing 
once attempted to run awap, J laid him in the bylboes, thꝛeatning to cut off his head, whome J 
remitted at Pemiſapans requeſt: whereupon be being perſwaded that he was our enemie to the 
death, he did not only feede him with himlelfe, hut allo made him acquainted with all his pꝛacti⸗ 
ſes. On the other five, the pong man finding bimfelf as well vſed at my hand, as J had meanes 
to ſhew, and that all my companie made much ol him, he flatly diſcouered al vnto me, which alſo 
alterwards was reuealed vnto me by one of Pemiſapans own men, ; nigbt befope he was ſlaine. 

Tbele miſchiekes being al nantly vponmee, and my companit to be put in execution ſiood 
mee in hand to ſtudy how to preuent them, and alſo to ſaue all others, which were at that time ag 
afozefatd lo farre from me: whereupon J (ent to Pemiſapan to put ſuſpition out of his heade, 
that I ment pꝛeſently to goe to Crotoan, f; that I bad heard of the ariual of our ſleete, (though 
Ain trueth hav neither beard nop hoped fop ſo good aduenture,) and that J meant to tome dy 
him, to boꝛrow of his men to ſiſh fox my company, and to hunt foz me at Crotoan, as alſo to bup 
ſome foure dayes prouifion to ſerue for my voyage. 

He ſent mee wozd chat he would himſelle come ouer to Roanoal, but from dap to dap hee de⸗ 
kerred, only to bzing the Weopomioks with him, and the Mandoags, whofe time appopnted was 
within 8, dapes after. It was the laſt of Pay, 1586. when all his owne fauages began to make 
tbeir allembly at Roanoak,at his commandement ſent abꝛoad vnto them, and J reloluev not to 
ay longer vpon his comming ouer,fince he ment to come with fe good companp, but thought 
goodto go, and viſite him with ſuch as J had, which J reſolued to do the next day: but that night 
A ment by the way to giue them in the Illand a Canuiſado, and at the inſtant to (cafe vpon all 
the Canoas about the Bland to keepe him from aduertilements. 

But the towne tooke the allarum, befoꝛe I ment it to themꝛthe occafion was this. J had ſent 
the Maſter of the light hoꝛſemen with a few with bim, to gather wp all the Canoas in the ſetting 
of the lunne, x to take as many as were going from vs to Adeſmocopeio hut to ſuffer any that 
came from thence to land: be met with a Canoa, going from the ſhoare, and ouerthꝛew the Ca- 


Che ſlaughter, noa, and cut off 2, ſauages heads: this was not done ſa ſecretly but hee was diſcouered from the 
echt as ſboare, whereupon the cry aroſe: fon in trueth they, pꝛiuie to their ote villanous purpoles a 


wages, 


gaint vs, held as good eſpial vpon vs, both dap and night, as we did vpon them. 

The allarum giuen, they tooke themſelues to their bowes, and we to our armes: ſome chee op 
foure ol them at the firft were ſlayne with our ſpot, the reſt lcd into $ woods: The next moꝛning 
with the light hoꝛſeman, x one Canoa,taking 25. with the Colonel of the Chefepians, and the 
Deriant maiop, A went to Adefmocopeio,and being landed fent Pemifapan wond by one of bis 
awne fauages that met me at the Hore, that I was going to Crotoan, and ment to take him in 


the way to complaine vnto him of Ofocon, who the night paſt was conueping away my prifor, 


ner, whom J bap there prefent tied in an handlocke: hereupon the king did abide my comming 
to him, and finding my felfe amidt 7,0 8. ofbis principal Weroances, ¢ followers, (not regat 
ding any of the common ſoꝛt) I gaue the watchwoꝛd agreed vpon, (which was Chziſt our vice 
Copp, and immediatly thoſe his chicfe men, and himlelle, bab by the mercie ol God fo} 1 set 
u 7 


M-Rafe L 


uerance, that which 
nell with a piſtoll lx 
tes kriends, as othe 
aap as though be 
wap (hot thwart th 
ung me, one Ruge 
uertooke him, and 
ugeuceto haue ber 
Pemifapans head ii 
This kell out ch 
taptaine LotatforD, 
23. ſailes: but hes 
u as good ga 
Che ofthe fa 
dap traue lled bp la 
gentleman that ne 
forme any Ceruice ¢ 
he brought me 
nourable offer fo. t 
into, and that not on 
they alfo by him to 
The ro, dap he 
the 11. dap J came 
ting and meflage ! 
the captains of bis 
Mith ſuch than 


the matter deſerue 
pared what J wou 
gland a number ol 
place of them eb ft 
That he would 
would cary me ant 
of needful pꝛouiſi 
That it would 
England when tit 
any, and eſpeciallp 
Allo for a ſuppl 
Me hauing rece 
meut (as it was te 
ſuch of my officers 
him, which were tl 
he appointed foore 
ſent onder for brit, 
maunds whatſoei 
And further ay 
forme all his foot 
ficient experiment 
with very ſulficie 
action, ag J tho 
England agayne 
lich herne. 
Ahile tbeſe th 
hooꝛd, my ſapd m 
and mine obne of 
‘bythe laid Gener 
Tonne md concin 
his holy hand oue 
bout my diſpacch 


— 4 ͤ kd1J m * 3 — 
M. Rafe Lane. ofthe Engliſn nation. 746 


—. T—T—̃—. T 
werance that which they had purpoſed foros. The king himſelle being thor choroww b 

nell with a piſtoll lying on the ground fo, dead, A looking as wacht 1 
wos friends. as others were butte that none of the reſt ould efcape ſuddenly he Larted vp, and ran 


ine bare all map as though be had not bene touched, inſomuch as he ouctran all the companie, bein 
wap ſbot thwart the buttocks by mine Frith boy with my Petronell. In —— 1 — 
po in truth ung me, one Nugent and the deputie pꝛouoſt vndertooke him, and following bim in the woods o⸗ 
ne 9 arg 11 th in at a 7 5 had loſt both the king andmy man by our owne neg · Ea 
e the intercepted bp the Dauages, we met him returnin 5 
abl Pema — 1 bs bat Les, bi ing out of the woods with 
This fell out of June, 1 5 8 6. and the 8, of che fame came aduertiſement 
to Weopo · capcatne Stafford, Iping at my lord Admirals Bland, that he had diſcouered a en fuse of 
er in hand, 23 ſailes: but whetherthey were friends oz does, he could not pre dilterne, he aduiſed me to Rand 
won as good gard as J could. ' 
ed into two Che 9, ol che ſaid moneth, he bimlelfe came vnto me, hauing that nightbefore, and that fame 
his eſpecial day trauelled by land 20. miles and I muſt truly report of him from the frit to the laſt he was the 
sche other — that neuer ſpared labour on perill either vy Land op water, faire weather op o wle to per. 
Mandoags onme any ſeruice committed vnto him. 
He bꝛougbt me a letter from the Generall fit Francis Dpake, with a moſt bountifull and hoe % letter trom 
sal ubich nowwable offerfoy the fupplie of our necellitics tothe perfomance ofthe action, we were entered Piat. 
who hauing into,and that not onelp of victuals, munition and cloching, but alfo of barkes, pinnates and boates f 
, home J they alfo by him to be victualled⸗manned and furniſhed to my tontentation. c ee 
heme to the Che ro, day hee arciued in the road of our bad harboꝛough, and comming there to an anker DI. 
his practts the 1 1. day I tameto bim, whom A found in deeds moft honourably to performe that which in mi * 
pad meanes ting and mellage he had molt curceoutly offered, he hauing aloꝛehand pꝛopoundedthe matter to all 40 
which alſo the captains of his Fleete, and got their liking and tonlent thereto. ys 
wis lane, Mith uch thanks vnto him and his captaines for his care both ol vs and of our action, not as 1 
ution ſtoed the matter veferuen, but as I could both for my companie and my felfe, J (being aforehand) pres | <q 
hat time ag pared what I would deſire, craued at his hands that tt would pleaſe him to take with him into En. ds 
This heade, gland a number of weake, and vnſit men foz my good artion, which J wouly deliuer to him and in 2 „ 
te, (though place of them th ſupply me of his company, with dare men artificers, and others. ae 
to tome by That he would leaue vs fo much ſbipping and victuall, as about Auguſt then next followpne, 8 
alſo to bup would cary me and all my companie ineo England, whe we had dilcouered ſomwhat that for lacke We, 
of needful pꝛouiſion in time left with vs as pet remained vndone. 2 0 
day hee de⸗ That it wouts pleaſe him withall to leaue ſome ſullitieut maſterg not onelp to carp vs into 3 
opnted wag England when time thould be, but allo to ſearchthe coaſt fo ſome better harboꝛow if there were =. 
an to make any andeſpecially to helpe vs to ſome ſmall boats and oare men. i. 
dlued not to Alto for a ſupplie of calieuers, handweapons, match and lead too les, apparell, and ſuch like. 5 yi 
but thought He hauing receiuedtheſe my requeſts accopding to his vſuall commendable maner of gouernes 4 4 
t that night meut (as it was told me) calling his captaines to counſell, the reſolution was that 3 fhould fend yA 
fe vpon all ſuch of my officers of my companie,ig J vled in ſuch matters, with their notes to goe aboond with ee 
him, which were the matter of the virtuals the keeper of the ſtoze, and the Uicetreaſurer, to whom N 
J had ſent he appointed koozchwith for me the Francis, being a very proper barke of 70. tunnes. and tooke pres 8 
the ſetting fent onder for bringing of bictuall abooꝛd her fo; 100. men fo; foure moneths withall my other des ae 
fer anp that maunds whatſoeuer, to the vttermoſt, 8 
ew the Ca- And further appointed for me two fine pinnaces, and 4. ſmall boats, and that which was to pers 
ed from the forme all his foꝛmer liberalitie towards vs, was that he had gotten the full aſſents of two of as fufs 
purpoles as g ſicient experimented maſters as were any in his fleece, by iudgement of them that kne we them, 
with verp ſufficient gings to tarie with mee, and to emplop themſelues molt earneſtly in the 
me thꝛee oꝛ action, as J thould appoyne them, vntill the terme which J pꝛomiſed of our returne into 
t morning England agayne. The names of one of thoſe matters was Abꝛaham Kendall, the other Grife 
ns, and the lich Herne. N N 1 
one of his While theſechings were in hand, che pꝛouiſion aforefapd being thought, and in bringing a 
take him in boo, my ſapd matters being alfo gone abooꝛd, my ſayd barkes hauing accepted of their charge, 
mp pꝛiſo· and mine olune officers with others in like ſoꝛt of my company with the, all which was difpatchen 
tomming bp the laid Generall the 12. ofthe ſaid moneth: the 13. ol the fame there arole ſuch an vnwonted 
not regar ; cone. amd continued foure dayes that had like to haue dꝛiuen all on thoye, if the Lon had not held 
in our bic⸗ his holy hand ouer them, anv the generall very pꝛouidently foyeteene the wont bimfelfe, chen a 
op out Delis bout mp diſpacch putting himſelfe aboogd: but in Ronee dee {undzp of the * 1 
uerance, ‘ 5 U . 


a — . [ —— — 
747 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Rafe Lane. 


put to ſea the I tautis alſo with all my pouiſions, ny two makers, and m ante ab 
— baring auen anche 1 atthe nennt . Wg 
0 to 13 tothe 1 6.ofthe moneth, and b 

wap as alopeſayd the Generall comming a (hore, made a new profferto me, which pa hed pe 
170, tinnen, called the Barke Bonner, witha lufficent mater and guide to tarie with mee the 
time appointed, and victualled ſuffitiently to carie mee and my tompan ie into England with all 
prouifions as before: but hee tolde mee that hee would not fo) anp thing bnbdertake to haue her 
bought into our harbour, andeherefore bee was to leaue her in the roade, and to leaue the rare of 
the relt vnto my felfe, and aduiſed mee to conſider with mp companie of our cafe, and to deltuer 
prefenelp vnto bum in wuting, what J would require him to doe fo; vs: which being wirhin big 
power, her did allute me as well for is Captaines, a fon bimfelfe ſhoutd be mot willingly pers 


foymed, 

hereupon calling ſuch Captaines and Gentlemen of my companie as then were at hand who 
were all as pꝛiuie as my ſelle to the Generals offer, their whole requeſt was to mee, chat conſide 
riag the caſe that we Toon in, the weakeneſſe of our companie, the final number ol the fame, the 
carping away of our lirſt appointed barke, with thoſe two eſpeciall matters, with our principall 
protiifions in the Came, by the very hand ok God as it ſeemed, reeched out to take vs from thente: 
conlidering alla that bis lecond offer, though mot honourable ok his part, vet of ours not to be tae 
ken, inſomuch as there was no poſlibilitie to her with anp ſafetie to be bꝛought into the harbour: 
Deeing furthermoze our hope fo ſupplie wich fir Richard Greenuill fo vndoubtedly pꝛomiled vs 
beloze Eaſter, not pet come, neither then likely to come this peere conſidering the doings in En. 
gland fo; Flaunders, as alfo fo; America, that therefore I would reſolue my ſelle, with my com 
panie to goe into England in that Fleete, and accoꝛdinglyto make requett to the General in all 


dur names, that he would bee pleaſed to giue vs pꝛeſent paſlage with him. Ahich requeſt of ours 


by my felfe delluered vnto him, hee moſt readily aſſented vnto, and ſo hee fending immediately 
bis pinnaces vnto our Illaumd fo the fetching away of fewe that there were left with our bay. 
gage, the weather mas fo boyſterous, and the pinnates ſo oſten on ground, that the molt of all 
wee had, with all our Cardes, Bockes and mitings, were by the Saplers caſt our bond, 
the greater number of che Fleete being much agrieued with their long and daungerous abode tn 
e the Generall mth of che Almight 

From e enerall in the name of the Almightie, waping bis ankers (hauing b 
Rowen vs among bis Fleete) fon che relicfe of vuhom hee had in that Mone aan Coon 
of macke then in all his fopmer molt honourable actions againſt the Dpantards, with pꝛaiſes vn. 
the 1 es all, fet Caile the 19. of June, 15 86, and arriued in Pontefmouth, the 27. of Julie 

ame peere. ö 


The third voyage made by a Ship, fent in the yeere 1 86. 
to the reliefe of the Colonie planted in Virginia, at the ſole charges 
of Sir Walter Raleigh. 


Nthe peere of our Loꝛd, 1586. fie Malter Raleigh at his owne charge prepared 

a ſhipck roo,tunnes, ted with all maner of things in moſt plentiful maner 

for the ſupplie and relief of his Colonie then remaining in Uirginia: but before 

they fet laile from England . it was after Eater, ſo that our Colonie halle diſpat. 

redok the comming of any ſupplie, wherefore euery man prepared for himſelt de 

° termining reſolutely to fpend the refioue of their like time in that countrep, and 

for the better perfopmaunce ok this their determination, they ſowed, planted, and fee ſuch things 
as were neceflarie for their reliefe in fo plentiful a manner, as mighe baue luffiſrd them two 
peeres without any further labopsthus truſting totbeit omne hatueſt chep paſſed the ſummer till 
the tenthof June, at which time their coꝛne which they had fowed was within one fortnight of 
reaping, but then it happened, chat Sit Frauncis Drake in his pꝛoſperous returne from the 
facking of Spaint Domingo, Cartagena, and Saint Auguſtines determined in his wap home⸗ 
warde to vilit bis countrymen the Englith Colonie then remapning in Virginia: ſo palling along 
the coattes of Florida, he fell with the partes, where our Engliſb Colony inhabited, and having 
efpper fome of that company, chere be anktered, and went alande tobere be conferred with them 
of their Mate and welfare, and howe thinges had paſt with them: thep aunlwered him that they 
lued all, but hitherto in ſome ſcarſitie, and as pet coulde here of no fupplpe out of England: 
therefoze they requetten him that he would leaue with them forme two op eher ſhippes, . 
; / ne 


M. Thoma 


ſome reaſonable tin 
dee agreed to: wßile 
thers making repo) 
praised N 


thippes at 
patted to chofe thyee 
bebinve, lelt all cht 
mie, and no doubt {c 
tommitted t 


kagts 
Immediatly aft 
the ſhiype aboue m 
direction, arriued a 
Counttie, and not f 
About fourteene 
Grindfield Gener 
voyage arriuedti 
any newes of our Et 
ling vp into diuers 
left there by 


touer ſome places o 
them, and finding ti 
ofthe Countrie, va! 
leaue ſome men bedi 
3 
parted lo; England 

Not long A be 
led the Townes ok. 
erden: with theſe, a 
bome ward, he returt 


A briefe and t 
commodities 
bia 


Thus much vponn 
in this treatife by et 
neftie then learnin 
with the credite o 
mine owne part la 
tiethereofaffured| 
the fame, Farewe 


M.Thomas Harriots. of the Engliſh nation. 748 


ſeme reafonable time they heard not out of Eugland, they might then return ebem{eluess 
pee agrees to: tobilet lome were then writing thet letra ce fea — exe tome N 
tbers making ceportes ol the actidentes of their trauels each to other, ſome on lande, fome on 
doohd, a great Moye aroſe, and dzoue the mot of their fleett from their ankers to tea, in which 
ſpippes, it that infant wert the chicfelt ol the Engliſy Colony: the ret on land tus, 
patted to thoſe the faples which were appointed to be left there, and fop feare they (hould be ſelt 
bebinve,left all chinges ſo conluſcdlp, an if they bad bene chaſed from chence bp a mighti¢ axe 
mie, and no doubt fochep were, fop the hande of Goo came vpon them fop the cruchic, and ont 
gages committed bp lome of them againſt the uatiue inhabitantes of that (ountrie, 
Fmmediaclp after the departing ef our Englith Colonie out of this paadife ofthe woplve, Is. 
the thippe abouc mentioned Lene, and ſet foyth at the charges of ir VValterRalegh, and bis 
direction, atriued at Hatoraſk, who after ſome time ſpent in ſeeking our Colonp bp in the 
Counttie, and not finding chert, returned with all the aloe layd — * into England. 
About fourteene op Litteene daies alter the departure ofthe afopefapd ſbippe, Ott Richard Mie Richsra 

Grindfield General of Virginia, accompanied with the hippes well appointed fo the fame dpa. 98 
voyage arriued there, who not finding the aforefaid hip acropding to bis expettation, no heating ä 
snp newes of our Caglih Colonp, there feaced, and left by bim, Anno 1585. him ſelle teauate 
ling bp into diuers places of the Countrep, as well to ſee it he tould here anp newes ol the Coe 
Lony left there by him the pere before, vnder the charge ol Maſter Lanc his deputie, as alſo to dil · 
touer ſome places of the Countrie: but after fome time ſpent therein not beartug any newes of 
them, and finding the place which they inhabited defolace, pet vnwilling to loofe the polſeſſion 
ofthe Countrit, which Engliſhmen had fo long helve: after good deliberation be determined to 
leaue ſome men bebinde to retaine polſeſſion of the Country: whereupon he landed 15. men in 

3 u ee furnithed plentifullp with all maner ol ppoutfton fo) two peeres, and fo de⸗ 

m England. 
our bags P Not long ai he fell with che Alle ol Acores, an ſome of tobich Jlanden he landed, and ſpoy⸗ 
sy 10 9 3 b woth J allo he tooke diners Spanps 
1 4 ardes: e, and manp other exploptes done in this vopage, as well 
g above tr bomr ward. he returned into England. ; ‘iin ee 


| . Abriefe and true report of the new found land of Virginia: of the 
mpaifes bn. commodities there found and to be raiſed, as Wwell merchantable as others: 
„ok Julie Written by Thomas Harriot, ſeruaunt to Sit Walter Raleigh, a mem- 
ber ofthe Colonie, and there imployed in difcouering, 
a full tweluemoneth. 


Rafe Lane one of her Maieſties Equieres and Gouernour 


of the Colonie in Virginia aboue mentioned for the time there refident, 
To the gentle Reader, wifheth all happineffe in the Lord. 


MG. Aa 


— 


2 


rA 


6. 


4 

3 
tne 

> 

HA 
5. 
* 

U 


N. 


N 


b red 
A Sapa) Lbeit (gentle Reader) the credite ofthe reports in this treatife contained, 
but befoze can licle be furthered by the teſtimonie of one as my ſelſe: through affecti. 
ale diſpat. 8 A on iudged partial, though without deſert: Neuertheleffe,forfomuch as 1 
ö ln aue bene requeſted by ſome my particular friends, who conceiue more 
Mi rightly of me, to deliuer freely my knowledge of the fame, not onely for 
Icke fatisfying of them / hut alfo for the true information of any other who 
ſoeuer, that comes not with a preiudicate minde to e thereof: 
Thus much vp on my credite I am to affirme, that things vniuerfally are fo truely fet dow ne 
in this treatiſe by che authour thereof, an AQor in che Colonie and a man no leſſe for bis ho- 
neſtie then learning commendable, as that I dare boldly auouche, it may very well paffe 
with the credite of truetheuen amongſt the moſt true relations of this age. Which as for 
mine owne part l am readie any way with my worde to acknowledge,fo alfo (ofthe certain · 
ticthereofaffured by mine owne ede with this my publique affertion, I doe affirme 
the fame, Farewell in the Lord. : 


ae 
d A 


MALY 


— 
8 


Xxx, 2. 


Saag 
749 Ihe voyages and diſcoueries A4.Tbomas Harrict, 
To the Aduenturers, Fauourers, and Welwillers of the en- 


terprife for the inhabiting and planting in Virginia. 


Ance che firtt wndertaking by fir Walter Raleigh to deale in the action of difcos 

Jurring of that Counttey which is now called and kno wen by the name of Girgi, 
nia manp boiages bauing bene thither made at ſundey times co his great charge, 
as lirtt in the peere 1584. and aſterwards in the peeres 1585, 1586. aud nomol 

2 7. There haue bene diuers and vartab j 


hotn iniuriouily the euterppite is llaundeted, andebat in publique muner at this prefent, chiefly fo 
two refpects 


Tul: chat inne oF pou which are per (gnopaumnt op Doubetull ofthe tate thereof, may fee thee. 


there is fufficient caufe why the chlele enterpriter wich the fauour of her Paiettic, nottorhitan, 
ding ſuch reportes, bath uot onelp Lince continued the action by (ending into the countrep againe, 

and? ing this lat peere anew Colonie, butis alſo readie arcoding as the times and meant 
will atfond to flo aud ppoſerute the ſame: n 

Secondl chat pou ſeting and knowing che continuance of the attion, by the bir bereof you 
map generally know and leame wbat che countrep is, and thereupon conſider how pour dealing 
therein il it proceed may returne you ypofite and gaine, beit tither by inhabiting and planting, op 
other wife in furthering thereof, ; 

Andleat that the ſuliſtance of my relation ſbould be voubtfull unto you, as of others by reaſon 
ol their diuerfitie, J will fief open the caufe in a few woꝛds wherefoze they are fo different, refer. 
— . 1255 pout fauourable conſtructions, and to be adiudged of as by good conſidetation you 

Deaufe, 

Ok our companie that returned ſome fop their mil demeanour and ill dealing in the countrep, 
baue bene there woontbily punithed, who by reafon of their bad nature, haue malicioully not one iy 
ſpoken ill of their Gouernours, but fop their fakes ſlaundered the countrep it {elfe, Che like allo 
haue thole done which were of their conſozt. 

Some being ignozane of the ſtate chereof, notwithſtanding fince their returne among their 
kriends and acquaintance, and alſo others, eſpeciallp if they were in companie where they migbt 
not be gaineſayd, would ſeeme to know fo much as no men moꝛe, and make no men fo great tras 
hellers as themlelues. They ſloode fo much, as it may ſeeme, vpon their credite and teputa · 
tion, that hauing bene a twelne moneth in the countrep, it would haue bene a great dilgrace vn 
to them as they thought, if they could not haue ſayd much whether it were true 07 falſe. OF 
wich ſome haue ſpoken of more then euer they ſawe, oz otherwiſe knew to be there: Other foe 
haue not bene aſbamen to make abſolute denial of that, which although not by them, pet by others 
715 prec? | - there plentikully kno men, and other fome make difficulties of thole chings 

aue no ſkillot. 

Che cauſe of their ignoaunte was, in that they were of that many, that were neuer out of 
the Alland where wee were ſeated, oz not farre, op at the leaſt wife in few places els, during the 
time of our abode in che countrep, op of that manp, that after golde and fuer was not fe Ee 


. 


MA. Thomas. 


found, as it was bp tl 


ies oꝛoktchat many h 
— requiſtte. 
Dome alſo were o 
bad {ene the woꝛld be 
douſes, noz at their of 
6p feathers, che caunt 


dur otutte countre; 
on, J meatte not to tro 
J baue to make relat 

Che treatiſe wher 
thee ſpeciall partes. 
dz to bee raiſed, whi 
planters and inhabit⸗ 
prouided, as by way 
pour Celues the prow 
greatly profice our ot 
daue bene faine to pr 
lake, J call Merchan 

In the ſecond, J u 
ence doth peeld of it £ 
inhabitants of che cot 
Inthe laſt part J 
Ne to remember. and 
know of, which ſpeci 
lcription of the natur 


The 


felfe fame climate as 
into Europe are mat 
ther wile, but chat th 
ſo great bfe and yen 
ing and planting ir i 
Although notwithſt⸗ 
naturally and wild,! 
found to be excellent 
Worme Silke. J 
as our oꝛdinarie TH 
elſewhere to be in the 
breed and nouriſh the 
others fit for them in 
fully gathered and hu 
rie as great ppofitin 
aus and Spaniards. 
Flaxe and Hemp 
ene place together, b 
euer the leafe and fe 
is altogether as goo 
experience of the fo 
it will growe there 
chere is lo much gro 


M. Thomas Harriot. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


found, ag it was by chem looked for, had litle q no care of any other thing but ta pamper their bel 
lies, mofthar manp which had litle onberttanding, lete bifceetian, : 
rea ce 125 ing dilcretion, and moze tonguc then wag 
me alſo an g vp. only in cities op tones o ſuch as neutreas I ma 
had ſeene the woꝛld before. Becaule there were not to be foundany Englith pally ats rb a 
douſes no at their owue wilh any of their old accultomed daintie food, nop any ſoft beds of dowue 
op feathers, the cauntrep was to them miſerable, and their repmesthereof accopbing., ate 
Berauſemy purpote was but in briefe to open the tauſe of the varistie of fuch ſpeerhes, the 
articularities ofthem, and of manp enuious, malicious and ſlaunderous reports and deuiles elg, 
u ourobume countrepmen belles, as trifles that are not woofthie of wile men to bee thoughe ups 
on, I meaue not to trouble pou withal, but wil palle to the commoditieg the ſubſtance ofthat which 
I baue to make relation of uno pu. N g 8 
Che treatiſe whereof for pour more readie view and eaſier vnderſtanding, J will diuide into 
ther lpeciall partes. In the ürlt J willmake declaration of ſuch commodities there already tou 
op to beerailed, which will not onely ſerue the oꝛdinarie turnes of pou which are and thall be the 
planters and inhabitaunta, but fuch an ouerplus ſufficiently to be peelded, op by men of Chill tu be 
prouided, as by way of trafigue and exchaunge with our owne nation of England, will enrich 
pour ſelues the prowiders: thoſe that thall deale with pou, the enterpullers in generall, and 
greatly pofite our oume cuuntrymen, to ſupplie them with mot things which heretofoe they 
daue bene faine to mouide either of ur angers oz of our enemies, which commodities loz diſtincetau 
ſake, I call Merchantable. . 
In the fecond, A twill (ct wowneall the commodities which we know the countrep by our expert 
ence doth peeld of it ſelke foꝛ victuall and ſuſtenance of mans lit ſuch as is vlually fed vpon bythe 
inhabitants of the countreys as alſo by vs during the time we were there. . 
Anthe lak part I will make mention generally of fuch other cummodities beſideg, as Jam as 
He to remember, and as J (hall thinke behoouefull fop thoſe that {hall inhabite, and plant there to 
known of, tobich (pecially concerne building, as allo ſome other ncreſſutie wep: with a buete de⸗ 
lcription of the nature and maners of the people of the countrey, ‘3 


The firſt part of Marchantable commodities. 


lle of graſſe, or graſſe Silke. There is a kinde of graſſe in the countrey, vpon, 
5 Dl. blades whereof there groweth berp good Silke in forme of a eint eee shia 
o bee ſtripeoff. It groweth two foote and an halke high op better: cheblaves are about 
two foote in length, and halſe inche bzoad. The like gro weth in Perſia, which is in the 
ſelle fame climate as Uirginia, of which very many of the Silke workes that come from thence 
into Europe are made. Pereofifit be planted and oꝛdered as in Berſia, it cannot in reaſon bet o⸗ 
therwiſe, but that there will tiſe in Hore time great pofite to the dealers therein, ſeeing there is 
ſo great vfe and y ent thereal as well in our countrey as elſewhere. And by che meanes of ſow⸗ 
ing and planting ir in good ground, it will be karre greater, better, and more plentifull then it is. 
Although notwichſtauding there is great Tope thercof in many places of the counttey growing 
naturally and wild, which alſo by pꝛoofe here in England, in making a piece of filke Orogran, we 
found to be excellent good. 

Worme Silke. In manp ok our iourneys wee found Silke wornes faire and great, as big 
as our oꝛdinarie Malnuts. Although it hath not bene our happe to haue found luch plentie as 
elſewhere to be in the countrey wee haue heard of, pet ſeeing that the countrey doeth naturallie 
breed and nouriſh them, there is no doubt but if Arte be added in planting of ulberie trees and 
others fit for them in commodious places, for their feeding and nouriſhing, and ſome of them cares 
fully gathered and huſbanded in that fore, ag by men of kill is kno wen to be neceſſarie: there will 
rife as great polit in time to the Virginians, as thereof doeth now tothe Perſians, Curkes, Itali· 
ang and Spantards. 5 

Flaxe and Hempe. The trueth is, that of Hempe and Flare there ia uo rest fore in any 
one place together, by rraſon it is not planted but as the ſoyle doeth yeeld of it ſelfe: and how fo 
euer the leate and ſtemme oz Balke doe differ front ours, the ſtufſe by iudge ment of men of fill 
is altogether as good as ours. And if not, as further poofe Mould finde otherwile, we haue that 
experience of the lople, as that there cannut bee ſhewed anp reaſon tao the contrarp, but that 
it will growe there excellent well, and by planting will bee peeldev plentifully , ſteyng 
there is fo much ground whereok ſome map well bee wür 7 uch purpoleg. that benefice 

: . . I. 3. * 


„„ 
* e db. NORE, ion 0 


8 
er <! 
we Rei, om 


wh OR AMIN 


2 


8 


Ar 


a> 
+ 
. 


— 
wy ey 


“© Br hh? et tee he SS 
SMa eT AB YIU 
N 1A rt 7 
V, MAS 


„ Bie , z. 


„ IT 


N f Y 


Oe 
RD % e e - 


A ees 
NIN 


1 


AR, 


4 
‘ 


751 The voyages and diſcoueries AMA. Thomas Harriots, 


hereof may grow in copdageand linnens who cannot eaſily vnderſtand + a 
Allum. There is a veine of earth along the fea toaſt fo the ſpate of fortie op fiftie mites, wer 
of by the tudgement of lome chat haue made triall here in England, is made good Allum, of that 
hind wbich is called Roche Alum. The richnelle of luch a commoditte is ſo well Kuowen, that 
FJ neede not to Lap anp thing thereof. Che fame earth doeth allo peeld Chive Coppeſſe, Nitrum: 
an Alumen plumeum, but nothing lo plencifully ag the common Allum, hit be alto of price 
and profitable, 128 
Wapeih. A kind of earth fo called by the naturall inhabitants, very like to Terra ſigillata, and 
hauing benerefined, it hath bene found bp fome of our Phiſſtions and Chirurgions; to bee of the 
fame kind of vertue, and mope effercuatl, The inbabteants vle it berp much fop the cure offores and 
wounds: chere is in diuers places great plentie, and in ſome places ofa blem {ope. 5 
Pitch, Tarre, Rozen and Turpentine. There are thoſe kindes of trees which yeeld them a 
bundant ly and great ſtoze. In the berp fame land where we were ſeated, being fiteene miles 
1 — a 0 miles in breach, there are lem tters els but of the fame kind, the whole 
1 nD 8 0 5 . 


Saffafras. Called by the inhabitants Winauk, a kinde of toood of moſt vleaſaunt and [werte 


frtelf, and ol moſt rare vertues in philikte fop the cure of manp diſegleg. It is found by experience 

to bee fare better and of moze vſes then the Mood whichis called Guaiacum, o; Lignum vitz, 

Foy the vefcription, che maner ok bling, and the manifold vertues thereof, J referre pou to the 

n Monardus, tranſlated and entituled in Engliſb, The ioyfull newes from the Welt 
naies, é ö 

Cedar. A verpfinecte wood and fine tiniber, whereol if neſtes of chettes bethere made aꝛtim⸗ 
ber thereof ſitted fox lweete and fine bedſteads, cables, deſkes, Iuteg, virginals and many things 
els, (ol which there bath bene proofe made alreadie) to make vp fraight with other principal con 
maodittes, will peeld pꝛoſte. g 5 
Wine. There are two kindes of grapes that the ſoile voeth peel naturally, the one is ſmall 

and ſotme of the oꝛdinarie bignelle as ours in England, the other farre greater and ok himſelfe lu⸗ 
ſhious lweete. Then they are planten and Gul banded as they ought, a pꝛincipall commoditie of 
wines by them may be raiſed. . 8 

Oile. There are to forces of Malnuts both helding ople, butthe one karre moze plentifull 
then theother. hen there are mils and other deuiſes fo the purpofe,a commoditie of them may 
be raiſtd berauſe chere are infinite ſioꝛe. Chere are alſo thꝛer ſeuerall kindes of Berries in the 
fotirme of Oke akomes, which allo bythe experience and vſe of the inhabitaunts, wee finders 
peeld very good and ſwecte oyle. Furthermoze, the Beares of the countrey are commonly verp 
kat, and in ſome places there are many. Their fatnelle becaule it is ſo liquid, may well bee termed 
ople, and bach many fpeciall vſes. 

Furres. All along the Dea coaſt there are great oe of Otterg, which being taken by weites 

and other engines made for the purpole, wil peeld good profice, ie hope alfo of Marterne furreg, 
and make no doubt by the relation of the people, but that in fome places ok the country there are 
ftoze, although there were but two ſkins that came to our hands. Luzarnes alfo wee haue vnder 
ſtauding of althaugh for the time we ſaw none. 

Deere skinnes dyeſſed after the maner of Chamoes 07 vndzeſſed, are to be had ofthe naturall 
tubabitants thoufands yeerelp by way of traffique fo triſes, and no moze waſte op ſpoile of Deere 
then is and hath bene opdinarily in time before, 

Ciuet cats. In our trauels there was found one to haue bene killed by a ſaluagecꝝ inhabitant, 
and in another place the ſmell where one oz more vad lately bene before, whereby wee gather bes 
ae bp the relation of the people, that there are ſome in the countrey: good profice will rife 

ythem. 

Iron. Inc bo places of the tountrey ſpetiallp, one about fourefrope, and the other fire fore 
miles from the Fonte oꝛ place where wee dwelt, wee founde neere the water five the stone tS 
bee rockie, which by the triall of a Minerall man, was found to holde iron richlp. It is found in 
manp places of the countrey els, A know nothing to the contrarie, but that it may bee allowed 
for a good merchauntable commoditie, conſioꝛring there the fall charge foz the labour and fees 
ding ol men: chemfinite fore of wood, the want of wood and deereneſſe thereof in England, and 
che neceſlitie of ballaſting of ſbipz. i 

Copper. An hundꝛed and ſiftie miles into the maine, in two totes we found withtbe inhabt⸗ 
taunts divers (mall plates of Copper, that had bene made as wer vnderſtvode by the inhabi⸗ 
taunts that dwell further into the Countrep, where as they Cap are mountapnes and 8 

tha 


M. Thom⸗ 


chat berld allo toh 
of, at che time ok o 
tes ot luer gro 
03 Chiefe Lord th 
number of dapes ¢ 
where J 8 
kogelaid copper wu 

Pearle Bm 
meet with ragges 


Sweet gumme 
ſpetiall mention, 
fonable paines 0 
make relation of, 
ther things by cal 

Dies of diuers 
feed of an herbe 
called by the inhe 
goodneſſe fo) our 
the dying of hay 
the bpingot ruth 
ching belldes chat 
is no doubt but t 


ind befives theti 
that proofe of the 
inthe Douth pa 
wiſe fo Orenge: 
reafonable time i 
and Marmelade 

Many other e 
and gentle confi 
moze commoditi 
there to be raiſed 
wile of thoſe cot 
where they are fo 
ble {pace of lime 
welwillers migt 
tedthem: knaw 
md purpolefoꝛt 


U 
AN 


. 


riots, M. Thomas Harrioti. of the Engliſh nation. 752 


chat perld allo tice geaines of meal, which isco be deemed ſiluer. Fa; confiry . 
les wer. of, at che time of our fir arrtualtiu the iountry, J faw with fomeothers ith 25 kimi 
m, of that ces ok liner graſip beaten, about the weight of of a teſtrone, hanging in the eares ofa Wiroans 


LOWS LA OS? 


we 
te : l 
2442 MN 8 8 
r. W. 2 


wen, 03 Chiefe Lord that dwelt about koureſcoze miles from vs: of tohome though enqui : 
5 Nau. number ol dapes ¢ the wap, A learned that it had come to his hands from the . 1 


lo ot prite 


rs 


— 
29922 
42 
* 


AX 


ere J after vnderſtood the copper was made, and ehe white graines of 
alndtpper we alfo found be lille polve filuer, ite graines of mertall found, The a 


zillata, and Pearle:s Sometimes in feeding on mulcles we found ſome pearte ; but it was our ne 
bee of the meet with ragged, o of a pide colour: not hauing pet difcouered thole places where er ee 
ffopes an better aud mode plenty, One ok aur conrpany, a man of (aillin ſuch matters, had gathered torres died 
5 cher from among the Dauage people about fuechouland : of which number he chole ſo many ag 1 
Idthem a made afayne chain, which fop they) likeneſle and vnifozmity in toundneſle, ozientneſle, and pides has 
pene miles 0 cee . beni 79 055 4 e faxe and rare: and had r 
e w tbereldre ' 0 pcalualty and though exttemity of [iss 
0 we . loſt eee Deer. persona countr vi eee Oh ens 4 * 
nd finee ene eee een ochecarp mugges, of which we will make TERS 
* ſpetiull mention, toben we ſhall reteiue it rom ſuch men ok (hill in that kinve, that in taking reas 1 
num vitz, fonable patnes (hall diſcouer them moze particularly then we haue done, and then now J can ine 
vou to the make relation of, for want of the examples I had pꝛouided and gathered, and are now lof, with o⸗ Ne 
the Welt ther things bp calualty before mentioned, é 3 
Dies of diuers kindes: Chere is Shoe male well knowne, and vſed in England forblackes the N 
de tim feen of an herbe called Waſebur, little fmall roots called Chappacor, and the barke of thetree * 2 
5 things called by the inhabitants Tangomockonomindge : which Dies are fop diuers ſoztsof red: they 2 
cipal com- goodnelle fp our English cloches remaine pet to be pooued, The inhabitants fe them onip fo} ee 
che dying of hayꝛe, and colouring of ther faces,and mantles made of Deere {kinues : and allo foz 8 
ne is {malt the dying of rulbes co make artificial works withall in theyz mats and bafkets shautne noother 1 
imſelfe lu⸗ i thing belives that they account ok, apt to vlethem for. Ikthey will not pꝛooue merchantable there eg 
moditie of 5 8 call fiuve apt vles for them, as allo for other colours whichwe Ids 
w to N ; 
 plentifull Woad:a thing of fo great bent and bits among Englilh Diers, which cannot be yerlded | 5 
them may {ufficrently in our one countrey for {pare of ground, map be planted in Virginia, there being D. 
tes in de denongh. The groweh thereof nee de notto be doubted, when as in the Jllande of the Alozes . 
ee linde to groweth plentifullp, which is in the lame climate. Oo like wile ol Madder. Hai 
nonly berp We carped thither Suger canes to plant, wich being not fo well preferued as was requifite, , | $e 
bee termed and befloes thetime ofthe peere being pat for ther {ecting when we atriued, we could not make Be 
that proofe of chem as we deſiced. Mocwithſtanding, ſeeing thatthey grow inthe ſameclimate, rer 
by weires inthe South partok Dpaine, and in Barbary, our hope in reafon may pet continue, Oo likes q > 
me furres, wife fo Orenges and Limmons : there may be planted alfo Quinſes. hereby may growin a | 45 
there are reafonable time if the action be diligently pꝛoſecuted, no ſmall commodities in Sugers, Suckets, 1 d 
aue under and Marmelades. N dm 
Manpother commodities by planting may there alſo be raiſed, which J leaue to pour difcreet 4 
e naturall dd gendle conſiderations: and many allo map be there, which pet we haue not difcouered, Two ISS 
eof Deere sore commodities of great value, one of certainty, and the other in hope, not to be planted, but 
there to be raifed, and in ſpoꝛt time to be pꝛoulded and pꝛepared, I might haue lpecifien. Soo likes 
nhabitant, s wile of thoſe commodities already ſet downe, I might haue ſaid moe: as okthe particular places 
gather be⸗ where they are found, and beſt co be planted and pꝛepared: by what meanes, and in what reaſona⸗ 
te will rife ble (pace ofdime they migbt be railed to molt, and in what proportion s but becaule others then 
welwillers might be therewithall acquainted, not to the good of the action, J haue wittingly omit⸗ 
t fire feope tedthem: knatning that to tboſe that are well vifpofed, J haue vttered accopding to my promite 
ground to and purpole foꝛ this part ſulficient. 
8 pied in 10 
e allowed f 
wand fee 7 ¢ 
land, and ; 
the inhabl 
the inbabts 
iD Rivers 


that 


The fecond part of fuch commodities as Virginia is knowen to 


ae 
733 he voyages and diſcoueries A. Thomas Harriot, 


yeeld, for vittuall and ſuſtenance of mans life, v/ually fed vpon by 


the naturall inhabitants: as alfo by vs, during the time of 


* 


and husbanded. 


our aboad. And fitſt of ſuch as are fowed 


Agntowr, akinbe of graine fo alles by che inhabitants sthe fameinche cates 


Judies is called Mayze : Englifh men call it Guinney wheat, c Turkie - 


wheat, accoding to che names of the countries from wende che line bath bene 
brought . The graine is about the bigneſſe of ouropdinary Englilb peaze, and 
0 not much ditlerent in foune and ſhape: but of diuers colours: ſume white, ſome 
b ; red. ſome pellow, and ſome blem. Allof them peeldaverp white andere 
llowe: being vſed accopding to his kinde, it maketh a very good head. Te made of the fame in 
che countrep ſome mantt, whereof was baued as good ale as was to be deſired. Do likewiſe by the 
helpe of hops, thereok may be made as good beere . It is a graine of maruellous great increates 
of athouſand, Gfteene hundzed, and forme two thoulaud folde. There are the fonts, of which 
two are ripe in eleuen and twelue weeks atthe mot, ſometimes in teune, after the time they are 
fet, and are then of height in ſcalke about ſixe o ſeuen foot. The other lope is ripe in foureteene, 
and is about tenne foot high, ol the ſtalks, ſome beare foure heads, ſome the, ſome one, and two: 
euery head conteining fiue, fre, oz ſeuen hundzed graines, within a few moze oz lelle. Of theſe 
graines, beſides bead, the inhabitants make victuall, either by parching them, w ſeethingthem 
whole vntill they be broken: oz boiling the ſlo wze with water into a pappe. 
Okindgier, called by vs Beanes, becauſe in grratueſle and partip in ſhape they ate like.te the 
beanes in England, Catung that they are flatter, of moze diuers colours, and forne pide, The lealt 


Alla of che ſtemme ts 


different « Fntatte they are altogether as good as our Engliſh pease, 


Wickonzowr, called kp be Peaze, in refpect of the beanes fo; biftinction ſake, becaulethey ate 


much lelle, 


in fone they little differ: but in goodneſſe of taſte much like, and are farre bet 


ter then dur Engler, Both the beanes and peaze are ripe in tenne weeks after they are let, 
Shep make them victuall either by boiling them all to pieces into a broth, o boiling ehem whole 
until they be ſolt, and begin to incake, ag is vſed in England, either by themſelnes, op mixtiyto 
sfometine they mingle of the wheat with them: ſometime allo, being whole ſodden, thep 

pate oppure them in a mofter, and thereof make loaues oz lumps of do mild head, which they ble 


to eat fn variety. 


. Macocquer,accopding to thep ſeueral fopmes, called by bs Pompions,Mellions And Gourds, 
becaufe they are ok the like foꝛmes as thoſe kindes in England. In Virginia {ach of feucrall 
fanmen are of one taſte, and very good, and do alfa (pring fram ene ſeed. Chere are of two {opts 


one is ripe inthe {pace of a moneth, and the other in two moneths 
There is an herbe which in Dutch is called Me 


Iden. Some ok cheterhat d vefcribe it bnd, 


take it tu be a kinde of Drage : it groweth about foure oz ſiue foot high: ofthe led thereokthey 
make a thicke booth and pottage ok a berp good taſte : ofthe ſtalke by burning into alhes they make 
& kinde of falt earth, wherewithall manp vſe ſometimes to ſealon they Hoths 1 other ſalt they 


now not. We our ſelues vledthe leaues allo fo potherbs. 
There is allo another great herbe, in forme of a Marigolde, abo 


ut fire foot in height, the hend 


with the ſlaure is a thanne in boeoth. ome take it to be Planta Solis :of the ſeeds heereot they 


make both a kinde of bead and hnotb. 


All the aſde fain commodities fop victuall are fet 07 ſowed, ſometimes in grounds apart and le 


uerally by themlelues, but tu; the moſt part to 


getherin one ground mixtly: the mauer therof, with 


the nefling and meparing of the ground, becauſe J will note vnto pou the lertility of tie ſaile, A 


thinke good byicfly to deſcribe. 


The ground they neuer fatter with mucke, dong. oz any other thing, neither plotw nop digge it 
as we in England, but onely prepare it in fort as followerh. A few dapes beloꝛe they ſowe oz ſet, 
the men with woodden inſtruments, made almoſt in forme of mattocks oꝛ hoes with long handles: 
the women with hore peckers oz parers, becauſe they vſe them fitting, of a foot long and about 


fine inches in bꝛedth, doe ouely theake the vpper part of the ground to rayſe bp the weedes. 


ſſe, and olde ſtubbes of coꝛne ſtalkes with them roots. The which alter a day oꝛtwoes Dye 
ing (athe Sunne, being ſcrapt vp into many ſmall heaps, to ſaue them labour foꝛ carrying them 
away, they burne inta athes, (And whereas Come map thinke that they ble the * 
er 


\ 


might be raiſed ott 
and may at any ti 
that they allo let w 
withſtanding they! 
Fy Eugliſh cou 
vou thall haue farts 
and peaze, we baut 
fort of ground, and 
becauſe it mas mul 
Thusmuch haue 
gourſe, and intreat o 
“CTbere is an ber 


times afflicted. 
This Vppowo 
maruellotitp beta 
of the powder cher 
caſt ſome vp into t 
fone therein and ir 
but all done with 0 
ok handg, and ftari 


A. Tom nr. ofthe Enelifh nation: : 


beter che grotid : Flap that chen they would either dilperſe the albes abpoad, which we obferued 


they do not except the heays be too great: q els would cake ſpeciall care to fet where 
ee eee they are cateleſſe of.) nv his alee ian 9 they 
Then ther leteing oꝛ lo wing is after chis maner. Firſt fop they come, beginning in 
ner ol che plot, with a pecker they make a hole, therein they put foure — wie — 
touch not ane another (about an inch aſunder) and couer them with the ntoulde againe sand fo 
throughout the whole plot, making luch holes, and vfing them after uch mance a but with this ro. 
gerd, that they be made in ranks, euerp ranke differing from other halfe a fachome da pard, and 
the boles allo in euery ranke,ag much. Bp this meanes there is a pard {pare ground betweene es 


uerp hole : where accoꝛding to diſcretion beere au there, thep {ct is maup beancs and pease : in 


N W sas eee Planta ſolis. ; 

ground being According to the rate, by vs experimented, an Cnglith acre conti 
ning loxtie pearches in length, and foure in byedth, doth there peeld in bee of come; 
beanes aud pease,at the leat two hundꝛeth London buthels : belivesthe Macocquer,Melden,and 
8 71 — as in England foptie buſpels of our wheat peelded out of fuck an acte, is 

A thought allo gnod to note this vnto pou, that you wbich ſhall inhabite, and plant there, ma 

kuow hom ſpetially that countrep come is there to be pꝛeferted before ours: sh vr 
folde tapes in applying ie to pictuall, the increaſe is fo much that fall laboz and painesis neet- 
Gull in refpect that mutt be vſed fo; ours. Foz this J tan aſſure you, that according tothe rate we 
baue made proofe of, one man may prepare and hufband fo much ground (hauing once bome 
come before ) with lelſe then foure and twentie houres labour, as thall veeld him bittuall in a 
large proportion fo; 4 twelue moneth, ik he haue nothing elle but that which the lane ground 
will peeld, and ot that kinde onely which J haue before fpoken of: che layd ground being allo but 
of fine and twentie yards ſquare. And if need require, but that there is ground enough, there 
might be raifcd out ok one and the ſelfeſame ground two haruetts op ofcomes sfo2 they lum op fet, 
and may at any time when they thinke good, fromthe midf ol March vurtll the end of Tune fa 


that they allo {ee when they haue eaten of thers firſt croype. Anſome places of the cvuntrex not 


withſtanding they haue two haruelts, as we haue heard, but ok one and the fame ground. 

F012 Eugliſh cone neuertheleſſe, whether to ble of not to vie it, vou that inhabite may do as 
you ſhall haue farther caule to thinke belt. Ok tbe growth pou need notto doube z fop barip, oats, 
and pease, we haue ſeene proofe of, not being purpofelp ſowen but fallen caſually in che wocilt 
S pet to beas fapꝛe as any we haue euer ſeene heere in England. But ol wheat, 
becautle it was muſty, and had taken ſalt water, we could make no triall: and of rie we had none. 
Thus much haue J digreſſed, and J hope not vnneceſſarup: now will J returne againe to my 
pourſe, and intreat of that which pet remainerh apperteining to this chapter. 

. . Chere is an herhe which is ſowed apart bp it lelfe, and is called by the inhabitants Vppowoc: 
In the Wek Indies it hath diuers names, arcoꝛding to the ſeuerall places and councrpes where 
it groweth, and is vled: the Sopanpards generallp call it Tobacco. The leaues thereof being 
died and hhotighe into powder: they vſe to take che fume oꝛ finoke thereof, dy ſucking it though 
pipes made of clay, in to the Gomacke and head: from whence it purgeth ſuperlidus fleame and 
other grolle humo)s, and openeth all the pores and paſſages ofthe body sbp which meanes the vſe 
theteor not onelp preferueth the body from obſtructions, but allo (if any be, lo that they haue not 
beene of too long continuance) in (hore time bꝛeakerh them: whereby they bodyes are notably pres 
ſerued be health, aud know not many grieubus diſeaſeg, wherewirhall we in England are often- 
times afflicted, 

This Vppowoc is of fo pyetious eftimation amongi them, that theythinke them gods ate 
matuellouſiy delighted there with: whereupon ſometime they make hallo wed fires,andcatt ſome 
of the powder therein foꝛ a ſarriſice: being in a oyne vpon the waters to pacifie they gods, they 
caſt ſoime vp into the ape and into the water: fo a weare for ſiſh being newly fet bp, they cat 
e T race e Ne 5 “ny 

ut all done wi ge geſtures, ing, ſometime dancing, ing o holdin 

phar a and flaring bp into the heauens, betering theretwichall, and chattering lirange words 
and notles, 

lle our lelues during the time we were chere, vled to lucke it alter they maner, as alfo fince 
gur returne, and haue found many care and woonderfull experiments ok the bertueschereof sof 


which the relation mould require a volume by it lelle : the ble olit by fomany ol late, men ans 


apr ht age? 
Wye 2 


WONT RS SE RE EE 


1 
N re 


itn Dae 


“Ca 


DN He v. 


FN. 
* an a 2 ess J N. Fe 


i tee: 
. 2 


aA 
R 


N 4 


— ——— — — 
71 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Thomas Harriat, 


women of great calling as elſe, and fome learned Phyſicia alſo, is ſufficient witneſſe. 
Anveele are all the commodities fop ſuſtenance of life that I know and can remember they 
vſe to hulband : all elſe that follow are found growing naturally oʒ wilde. 5 


Of Roots. 


Cree of roots of round kozme, ſome of the bigneſſe of walnuts, ſome latte 
greater, which are found in moilt and marith groiuids growing many together one by ano: 
cher in ropes, oꝛ as though they were faſtened with a ſtring. Being boiled oz ſodden they are ve 


ry good meat. 

Okeepenauk axe alſo of round ſhape, found in die grounds : ſome ate of the bigneſſe of a 
beau. Chey are to be eaten as they are taken out of the ground foz hy reafon of they manele chep 
will neither role nop ſeethe. Chey taſte is not ſo good as of the foymer roots, notwithttanding oz 
want ol bꝛead, and ſometime fop variety the inhabitants vſe to eat them wirhliſh oz Heth and in mx 
iudgement they do as well as the hauſbolde lead made of rie heere in England, 

Kaifhucpenauk a white kinde of roots about the bigneſſe of henne egges, and neere of that 
fonne: theyz tate was not fo good to our ſeeming as of che other, and therefore they place and 
— of growing, not fo much cared fo) by vs sche inhabitants notwwithtanding vledto bople 
anbeat manp. 

Tfinaw a binde of root much like vnto that which in England is called the China root bꝛoughe 
from the Catt Indies. And we know not any thing to the contrary but that it may be of the fame 
binde. Theſe roots grow many together in great cluſters and do bring forth a hier ſtalke, but 
the leale in ſhape karre bulike s which being ſuppoꝛted by the trees it groweth necrett vnto, will 
reach oz climbe to che top of the higheſt. From thele roots while they be new o freſh being chope 
into (mall pieces and ſtampt, is rained with water a iuice that maketh bread, and allo being boy. 
led. a berp good ſpoonemeat in maner of a gellp, and is much better in talte if it be tempered wich 
vile, This Tſinawvis not ofebat fore, which bp fome was caufenco be bought into England for 
the China root, fop it was diſcouered fince, ¢ is in vſe as is afopefaid : but that which was boougbe 
hither is not vet knowen, neither by vs op by the inhabitants to {erue fo) any vſeoꝛ purpoſe, ale 
W eee chat kinde of root which 

cufhaw, dur company to t kinde of root which the Spanpards in 

Mel Indies call Caflauy, thereupon alfo many called it by that name e 
die pooleg, and muiſt grounds. Being dꝛelled actoꝛding to the countrep maner, it maketh a good 
bead and alfo a god ſpoonement, and is pſed very much by the inhabitants: the iuite of this root 
is potfou,andeherefore heed mutt be taken bete anything be made therewit hall: either the roors 
muſt be Get ſliced and dpied in the Sime, oz bythe fire, andeben being punnedinto floure, vill 
make good bread 302 els while they are greene they are to be pared, cut into pieces, and ſtampt: 
loaues of che fame to be laid nere op ouerthe fire vntill it be ſomꝛe and then being well punned ae 
gaine, bꝛead oz ſpoonemeat very good in taſte and wholeſome may be made thereof, 


Habaſcon is a toot of hote taffe, almoſt of the ſoune and bigneſſe of a parſuip, ot it ſelfe it is no 


vittuall but onely a helpe being boiled together with other meats, 
. oe de from ours in Engis.cn, that grob in many places ofthe 
countrey, o 5 e came in places vert, De and eat many. b 
sere 220 places where they vert de gathered manp, but the 


Of Fruites. 


Heſtnuts, there au in diuerꝝ places great ſtope: ſome they ble to eat rate, ſome they ſtampe 
and boile to make fpoonemeat, and with ſome being ſodden, they make ſuch a maner of dom 
Head as they vſe oftheyꝛ beanes Before mentioned. a ms * 
Walnuts: there are tuo kindes of walnuts, and of them infinice More : in manpplaces where 
ave bery great woods for many miles together, the third part of trees are walnut trees. The one 
kinde is of che fame tate and forme, little differing from ours of England, but that they are hate 
der andthicker thellen s the other is greater, and bath a very tagged and hard fheil s but che kemell 
great, very oily and ſwett. Beſides they eating of them after our oꝛdinarie maner, they breake 
ee e eee e branes ext ee 
3alfo among 0 at, beanes and i 
which maker them haue a Carre moze plealant cate, * ae 
Medlars, 


— — 
M. Thomas 


Medlars a kinde c 


leaues are very thick 
wherethey haue feer 
pefcribe his plant ric 
a a baſtardoꝛ wilde 
ofthe kruit, but four 
siallp obſerued. 
pos ht are 
Straberies there a 
Mulberies, Apple 
Sacquenummen 
grom togrther in eln 
oz nine houres accon 
ten they will make a 
There is a kinde 
led is good meat. 
In dur trauels in 
were lefle, which are 


Of a 


Here is a kind 
ok trees : the o 
Trhele binde of acop 
alter the mauer as w 
till they be foft, and 
alſo pounded to mak 
fore the inhabitants! 
Another fort is ce 
chettnuts. They fo 
Che fife ſoꝛt is ca 
ing dꝛied after then 
wants, oꝛ ſometime 
they, fith oꝛ lleſh. 


Eere, in ſome 
bigneſſe as ou 

is better food, they 
frags of theyꝛ horn 
Conies, Chole t 
bares sin ſome plac 
of the furreo? Aue o 
Saquenuckot at 
good meat. Ten 
bad taken and bꝛoug 
Squirels which at 
Beares which at 
tante in time of win 
monlyin this fore. 
haue ſpiall of a mar 
next tree they can, k 


A. Thomas Harriots, of the Englith nation 756 


Medlars a nde of berp good frit, focallen by us chiefly fos theſe reſpects: litt in 
not good yntill thep be roten: then in that they open at the head — — N 
che fame bignette sochertutfe in tatty aun colour chep are farre differen sfoa tbep are ag reo ns ches 
ries, and vetp ſweet: but whereas the cherie is tharpe {werr,chep are luthious l wert 

Muraquefiunnaul  hinde ofpleatine tt eln of che fbape ano biguett of Cngtlh pearee, 
but that they areol a perfect red colour as well within as without. They growon a plant whole 
leaues are very chicke,¢ full of pickles as tharpe as needles, Some that haue bin in the Indies. 
where they haue ſeene that binde ok red die of great price, which i called Cochinele to grow, da 
befcribe his plant right like vnto this ol Metaquefunnauk, but whether it bethe tine Cochenile 
02 a battardop wilde kinde it cannot pet be certified s feeing that allo As J heard, Cochenile is not 
atthe ue found on the leaues of the plant: which leaues l; ſuch matter we haue not ſo ſpe⸗ 

5 . 

Grapes there are of tine forts, which J mentioned in the metchantable commo 

Stra jsthere areas goobanb as great ea thot which we bane in ous ingly gat teng . 

Mulberies,Applecrabs,Hurts op Hurtleberies ſuch as we haue in England. . ry 

Sacquẽnummener aà kinde ot berries almoſt like vnto capers, but ſume what greater which 
bang ene ngen platy ere ta sf in len cleared 

ne houres a ery good meat and wholeſome i 
on ey ata anes 15 Apa herb irtter bela 

There is a kinde ot Reed whi a leed almolt like vnto our tie e wheat and bei 
e 5 * W ta 

In our trauels in ſome places we found Wilde peaze like vnto ours in 
were leſle, which are alſo good meat. : . 


Of a kinde of fruit or berry in forme of Acornes. 


Tes is akinde of berrie m acopne, of tobich chere are fiue forts that growon ſeuerall kinder 
ok trees : the one is called Sagatemener, the lecond Ofamener, the third Pummuckoner. 
Chele kinve ok acoꝛnes they vſe co die vpon hurdles made ol reeds, with fire bnderneath, almoſt 


after the maner as we dy malt in England. hen they are to be vied, they fire water 

1 5 be foft, 5 . borg ecient fimylp, . — 

alfo pounded to make loaues oꝛ d. Theſe t kindes 

maden make e 1 a es 
Another fore is called Sapummener, which being 0 d, doth eat and 

cheltnuts. They lometime alfo make head okthis ſozt. „ 9 
Che fife fort is called Mangummenauk, and is the acone ofthex kinde of Oabe the which bee 

ing dꝛied after the mauer ofthe lirſt foxes, and after ward wwatered, they bode them, and they fem 

ents 1 7 chieke themſe lues, either fox variety op lo want of bꝛead, do eat them duch 
epd lich oꝛ lleih. a 


Of Beaſts. 


Eere, in ſome places there are great ſtoe: nete vnto the feacoatt they ate of che opdinarie 
bigneſſe as ours in England, and ſome leſſe: but further vp into the councrep, where there 
is better food, they are greater: they differ from ours onelp in this, their tales are longer, and che 
frags of they hoꝛnes looke backward. a i 
Conies, Chole that we haue ſeene, and all chat we can heare of are ofa grey colour like vnto 
bares : in ſome places there are ſuch plenty that alt the people o ſome tonmes malte them mantles 
of the furre oꝛ fluc of the ſuinnes of tholo they vlually dale. a . * 
Saquenuckot and Maquowoc, two kindes of mall beatts greater then conies / tebich are berp 
good meat. Ile neuer tooke any of them our leluen bur ſumetimt cat ol luch as the iuhabitane; 
had taken and brought vnto vs. 1 „ ey ; 
Squirels which are of a grep colour, we haue kalen and eaten. ö 
Beares which are all of blacke colour. The beares of this countty ate good meat ꝛche inhab⸗ 
tante in time ol wint er do bie totake and eat manp, fo alſo fometime did we. They are taken come 
monlyin this ſozt. In ſome Illands op places where they are, being bunted for, asfooncasthep 
haue ſpiall of a man, they pꝛeleutly runne awap, and then being chaled, they cline and get vp che 
next tree they can, rom tobence with arto weg they are thot dome ſtarke dead q with chote woes 


777 The voyages and diſcoueries M4 Thomas Harriot. MT Homag 


, ̃ The chird 
be names of eigbt an euerall foxes which A baue heard of to ie third a 
md there dͤperled inthe countrep, efpectally in the maine softobiebthere — — for thofe 
that we haue pet Difcoucren, andot thofe that be good meat we know only them before mentioned 

The inhabitants fometime kill the Lyon, ¢ eat him: and we ſunetime as they came to our hand 

oltheyꝛ Woolues o; Wooluifh e haue not {et downe fo2 good meat, leaſt that ſome 

buuld vnderſtand np iudgement therein tu he moze fimple then nerdeth, although F could allege 

the Difference in tatte of thole kindes from ours, which by fore of our company haue bene expe⸗ 


timented in boch. : 
ms - OfFoule. 


Vrkie cocks and Turkie hennes: Stockdoues : Pattridges: Cranes: Hernes : and in twin: 
ter great lime of Swannes and Geeſe. DF all forts of foule I haue the names in che country 
langunge, of fourefcore and fire, of which number, belides thole that be named, we haue taken, g 
katẽu, and haue the pictures as they were there wawen, with the names ofthe inhabitants of (eure —_ “A 
tall range {opts of water fouleeigbt, and ſeuent eene kindes moze of land foule, although wehaue alfo great ſtoze, andi 


ſeene and eaten of many moe, which foz want of leaſure there for the purpoſe, could not be pictus Walnut trees, as 
red: and after we are better furniſbed and ſtoꝛed ppon further viſcouerx, with theyꝛ ſtrange beallg, foure and ſiue lathon 
lich. cree, plantg. and herbs,thep thal be alfa publithen, Firre trees fitfop1 
There are alfo Parrots, Faulcons, and Marlin hauks, which although with vs they be not vſed Rakiock, a kinde. 
fon meat, pet lo; other cauſes I thought goodto mention. neere vnto vs doe co 
. ; helpe of fire,hatcher: 
| Of Fifh. of one tree that the; 
. 22 I do saved VI d 10 1. i great, tall, Rreight, 
Dp foure moneths okthe peere, Febquarp, March, Amill and Wap, there are plenty of Stur. fox matts of thips, 
geons: Aud allo tn the fame monerhs of Herings, forme of cheopotiary bigneſſe agoursin Cedar, afweete u 
England, butthe molt part fare greater, of eighecene,tiwentic inches anvifome tivo foot in length things els, as A haut 
und better: both theſe kindes of fith in thoſe moneths are mot plentifull, and in beſt feafon, which ces where J haue no 
we found co be moſt delicate aud pleaſant meat. 1. fit cellent vfes, is alſo 
* ‘Chere are alfo Trouts: Porpoiſes: Rayes: Oldwiues : Mullets: Plaice: ę berpmany other Maple, and alſo 
. . 1 8 wboſe names J know not but in the et espe 
anguage: oktwelue ſozts e pictures, asthey were mawen in the coun · illowes good 
tev; with theprnames, N win 7 we though che inbabicat 
The inhabitants vfe to take them two maner of twaves, the one is by a kinde of toearemane of foꝛ that turne very v 
reed mbich in Chat countrey are bery trong. The other way, which is more range, is wich poles | Beech aud Ashe, 
made ſharpe at one end, by ſhooting them into the fifh after the maner as Frith men calt darts, ei things els. 
tber a they are rotwing in they: boats, dn els as they are wading in the Matlowes fop the purpole, | Elme, 
Shereare allo in manp places plenty of theſe kindes which follow: Saſſafras trees, 
Sea crabbes, ſuch as we haue in England. Aſcopo à kinde o 
Oiſters, ſome very great, and ſome finall; fone totum and ſome of a long fhape : they are found to that tree which M 
both in fale water andbyackith, and tholethat we had out of fale water are far better then the other There are man 
ain our cauntrep. wh of which J ant not u 
Allo Muſcles: Scalops: Periwinkles: and Creuifes, 12 a lar relation: ſeeing! 
..) Seekanauk; a kinde of cruſty (hell fith, which is good meat, about a foot in hꝛedch, bauing a of the reſt, but that ¢f 
tie taile. many legges like a crab, and her eyes in her backe. They are found in ſhallowes of was Nou fo; 3 — 
ters. and fonterime on the ſhoare. * 310 77 are no kinde of fon 
There are many Tortoyſes both ol land and lea kinde, they becks and bellies are ſhelled bery baue bene bzought 
thicke chem head, feet, and taile, which are in appearance, Ceeme ougly, as though they were mem. uers hard rag gic fo 
Gere ofa ſerpent op venemous beatts: but not withſtanding they are very goodmeat,ag allo thepe inhabitants make | 
Some haue heene toundof a para in bꝛedth and better. vy into the Countt 
And thus haue J made relation of all forte of victuall that we fed vpon for the time we were in tber haue they tle of 
Virginia, as alto the inhabitants themſelueg, an farve fooꝛth as A know andcan remember oꝛ that houſhold haue one o 
. em hatchets, bey h 
ati... ea N. : b 2 141 Pin: hat foote deepe sand the 
Sadie 80 nt un ip ees 4 The both may be in place 
sibg N. ld f. 0. „202 flu 172576 N a seen’ An the meane tin 
7005 . 


MA. Thomas Harriot. of the Engliſh nation. 


The third and laſt part of ſuch other things as are behouefull 
for thofe which hall plant and inhabite to know of with a de- 


ſeription of the nature and maners ofthe people of 
the Countrey. 


Of commodities for building and other” 


neceſſary vſes. 


i J ole other things which J am moze to make rehearfall of, are ſuch as concerne 
building and other mechanical neceſſarie vles, as diners forts of trees lo; houle 
aud pipe timder, and other vltg els: Allo linie, fone, and bꝛicke. leat that ber 
N ug not mentioned ſome might haue bene doubted of, o by ſome that are mali⸗ 
JF : tious reported the contrary, 

2 Okes, there ate as faire, Qraighe, tall, and as good timber as any can be, and 
alſo great ſcoze, and iu ſome places verp great. 

Walnut trees, as J haue fait befo;e very many, ſame haue bene ſeene excellent faire timber of 
foure and five fathome,and aboue foureſcope foote ſtreight without bough. 

Firre trees fttfop mats of ſhips, ſume very tall and great. a 

Rakiock, akinde of trees ſo called that are Iweete wood, of which the inhabitants chat wert 
neere vnto vs doe commonly make their boates 02 Canoes of the forme of trowes onelp with the 
helpe ol fire. hatchets of tones, and ſhels: we haue knowen ſome ſo great being made in that fore 
of one tree that they haue carried well 20. men atonce, beſides much baggage: the timber being 
great, bab n em det tough ynough J chinke (belides other vies) to be fis alſo 
fo; maſts of ſhips. 

Cada fweete wood good for feclings, chetts, bores, bedſteads, tutes, virginals, and many 
things els, as J haue allo faivbefore. Some of out companie which haue wandered in lome pla · 
tes where J haue not bene, haue made certaine affirmation of Cyprus which lz ſuch and other ex 
cellent vfes, is alfo a wood of pꝛice and no ſmall eſtimation. 

Maple, and alfo Wich-hazle, whercofthe inhabitants ble to make their bowes. 

Holly a neceſſary ching forthe making of birdlime. 

Willowes good forthe making of weares and whe les to take fithe after the Euglich maner, al⸗ 
though the inhabitants ule onely reeves, which becauſe they are fo rong as allo flexible, do ſerue 
fozthat turne very well and ſufficiently. 


Beech and Aſhe, good fo; cafke haopes: and if nerde require, plowe woe, as alſo for many 


things els. . 
Elme, 
Saflafras trees. 8 ö 
Aſcopo a kinde of tree very like vnto Lamel, the barke is bot in tatte and ſplcie, it is verp like 
to that tree which Monardus deſcribeth to be Caſſia Lignea of the Tleſt Indies. 
There are many other ſtrauge trees whole names J knom not but in p Virginian language, 
ol which J ant not nowable, neither is it ſo conuenient fa the pꝛelent to trouble you with particu⸗ 
lar relation: ſeeing that foꝛ timber and other ucceflary bles Jhaue named lufficient. And ol many 
of the reſt, but that they may be applied to good vſe, J know no cauſe to doubt. 
Now foz fone, bꝛicke aud lime, thus it is. Meere vnto che Orca coat where wee dwelt there 
are no kinde of ſtones ta be found (except a ewe ſinall pebbles about foure miles off) but ſuch as 
haue bene bꝛought from further out of the maine. In lome ok our voyages wee haue ſeene dls 
uers hard raggie ſtones, great pebb les, and a kinde of grey fone like vnto marble, ol which che 
inhabitants make their hatchets to cleeue wood. pon inquitie wee beard thata little further 
vp into the Countrey were of all fortes very many, although ol qgmerics they are ignoꝛant, nets 
tber haue they vle of any ope whereupon they Could baue occafion ta feeke any. sorifenerp 
houſbold haue one oz two ta cracke nuts, grinde ſhels, tobec copper, aud ſometimes orher Rones 
for hatchets, they haue ynough: neither ole they aup diggiug. but onelp for graues about thꝛee 
foote deepe sand therefore no marueile that they knowe neither quarries, nop lime tones which 
both may be in plates neerer then they wot of. f f 
An the meane time vntil there be dilcouerie of fufficient Rope in ſome place op other conaentent, 
che want of pou which are bee as well ſupylied by bꝛicke: fo ied 
5 PP makin 


i 


NET he A 


Nef OA 
Tm ML . 


as 


A AS 


* 


.. 2 ay 


RNa Nae Ro 


é' Tan 3 ye}, 
„ in A 2. NORE. ye 1 „ 0 


759 The voyages and difcoueries M. Thomas Hariots, 


making tobereofin diuers places of the Countrep there iaclap both excellent good,and plentie, 
and alfo by lime made of opttcr fhels, and of others burnt, after the maner Auth dle tke Alles 
of Tenet and Shepy, and alſo in diuers other plates of England : ¶Mhich kinde of lime is well 
knowen to be as good as any other. And of oyſter ſhels there is plentie pnough: for beſides nis 
ters other particuler places where are abundance, there is one ſhallowe ſounde along the coat, 
where for the ſpace of many miles together in length. ¢ two oꝛ three miles in breadth, the ground 
is nothing els being but halfe a ſdate oz a foote vnder water fop the mot part. 

Thus much can J fap further more of ſtones, that about 120, miles from our fort neere the 
water in the fide of a hil, was found by a Gentleman ok our company,a great veine of hard ragge 
ſtones, which I thought good to remember vnto pou, 


Of the nature and maners oſ the people. 


T Treſteth J ſpeake a woꝛde 07 two of the naturall inhabitants, cheir natures 
Dien hates’ and maners, leauing large dilcourſe thereof vntill time moe tonuenient here: 
e — alter: no we onelp ſo farre foorth, as that pou map knowe, howe that they in re. 
7 \\ — | {pect of troub ling our inhabiting e planting, are not to be feared, but that they 

l ball haue caule both to feare and loue vs, chat {hall inbabite with them. 

5 T hep are a people clochen with looſe mant les made ol deere fhinnes, and 
apꝛons of che ſame round about their middles, all els naked, of ſuch a difference of Matures onelp 
as we in Eng land, hauing no roge tooles oꝛ weapons of pꝛon 07 ſteele to offend vs withal, neither 
knowe they howe to make any: thoſe wee ons that they baue, are one ly bowes made of TAitch 
hazle, and arrowes of reedes. flat edged : cheons alſo of wood about a pard long neither haue 
they any thing to defend themſelues but targets made of barks, and ſome armours made of ticks 
wickered together with thꝛead. 

Their townes are but ſmall, and neere the (ea coal but fewe, ſome contayning but tenne oz 
twelue houſes: ſome 20, the greateſt that wee haue ſeene, bath bene but of zo. houles: if they bee 
walled, it is onelp done with barkes of trees made ſaſt to ſtaken, o els with poles onelp fixed vp 
right, and cloſe one by another. ' 

Their houles are made of ſmall poles, made fatt at the tops in rounde fozme after the maner ag 
is vſed in many arboꝛies in our gardens of Eng land, in mok townes couered with barkes, and in 
ſome with artificial matts made of long ruſhes, from the tops of the houles downe to the ground. 
The length of chem is commonly dauble to the bꝛeadth, in ſome places they are but 12. and 16. 
pards long, and in other fome we haue ſeene of foure and twentie. 9 

In ſome places of the Countrey, one onelytowne belongeth to the gouermnent of a Wiroans 
oz chiefe Loꝛde, in other ſome two 02 thꝛee, in ſome ſixe, eight, and more, the greateſt Wiroans that 
pet we had dealing witl/ had but eighteene townes in his gouernment, ¢ able to make not aboue 
leuen o eight hundzeth lighting men at the moſt, The language of euery gouernment is different 
from any other, and the further they are diſtant, the greater is che difference. 

Their maner of warres amongſtthemſelueg, is either by ſudden ſurpꝛiling one an other moſt 
commonly about the dawning of the dap, or moone light, ozels by ambuthes, oz ſome fubtile 
deuiſes. Set battels are very rare, except it fall out where there are many trees, where either 
ee haue ſome hope ok defence, after che deliuerie of euery arrowe, in leaping behinde fome 
op other. 8 

Tebere fall out any warres betweene vs and them, what their fight is like ly to bee, wee ha 
uing aduantages againſt them ſo many maner of wapes, as by our diſcipline, our ſtrange weas 
vous and deuifes els, eſpecially oꝛvinance great and final, it map eaſily be imagined, by the expe⸗ 

ciente we haue had in forme places the turning vp of their hee les againſt vs in running away 
wag their belt delente. be ne ; 

In refpect of vs they are a people poore,and fop want of Thill and iudgement in the knowlevge 
and vſe of dur things, doe efteeme our trifles befoye thinges of greater value: Rotwithſtanding. 
in their proper maner (conſidering the want of ſuch meanes as wee haue, ) they ſeeme very inge · 
nious. F 0 although they haue no ſuch todles, nop any ſuch cralteg, Sciences and artes as wee, 
pet in thole thinges they doe, they ſbewe excellencie ol nit. And by howe much they vpon due 
confiveration ſhall finde gur maner of knowledges and crafted, to exceede theits in perfection, 
aud ſpeede fo; doing oꝛ execution, bp fo much the moje is it probable that they ſhoulde vefire our 
friendſhips and loue, and haue the greater relpert for plealing and obe xing vs. Mhereby * 


4 


Countrep of a wic 


M.T homa: 


be hoped,if meanes 
tie, and the dinbpacit 

Some religion 
is, there is hope ter 

They beleeue t 
degree s, one onelp 
firme, when hee pu 
as meanes and ind 
the Sunne, Woon 
cipall. Firſt (they 
creatures that are v 

For mankinde 
goddes, conceiued 
ginning· 

But how many 
nc letters nop other 
onelp tradition fror 

They thinke tha 
images in the kom 
place in houles ap 
pꝛap, fing, and mal 
but one Ke was, in 
ſo gods. 

They beleeue al 
parted from the bo 
tacle ol gods, there 
they thinke to be u 
burne continuallp: 

F 02 the confirm: 

ly dead and reuitiel 


graue being ſeene 
bene, that is to lap. b 
him leaue to return 
place of toyment, 
The other happe 
from vs, and it toa 
gaine as the lirſt, ff 
aliue, and had traua 
and plealant trees, 
was able to expꝛeſſ 
his father, that han b 
his kriends what go 
done he ſhould alter 
That ſubtiltie ( 
ny of the common a 
uernours, and alſo 
eee 
gers, and other fm 
beating, acetnding . 
And this is the f 
ſame of their pꝛieſte 
dit ions and fortes; 
owne, and no mali 
meanes fo? want 
Pott things ther 
the loadſtone iu Dat 
burning plalſeg. u 


lariots, M. Thomas Hariots.of che Englifh nation. 760 

nd plentie, be hoped,if meanes ol good gouernement be vled, that they map in Hoyt time be bzought to ciuili 

nthe Alles tie, and the imbzating of true religion. . 

me is well Some religion they haue alreadie, which altbougb it be fare from the trueth, pet being as it 

belldes dis is there is hope it may be the eaſier and ſooner reo med. 

Ithe coaſt, They beleeue that there are many Gods, which they call Mantoac, but af dilftrent forts and 

che ground degree s, one onelp chiefe and great God, which bath bene from all eternitie. CAA, as they al 
firme, when hee purpoled to make the wonlde, made fir other gods of a principall order, to bee 

t neere the as meanes and inſtruments to be vled in the creation and gouernement to followe, and alter 


hard ragge the Sunne. Moone. and Karres as pettie gods, and the inſtruments of the other oder more pins 
cipall. Firſt (they fav) were made waters, out of which by the gods was made all diuer itte of 
creatures that are viſible op inuiſible. 
Foz mankinde they fap a woman was made ſirſt, which by the woozking of one of the 
goddes, conceiued and bought foozth childzen ꝛ And in ſuch fore they fap thep had their bes 
ginning. 


ir natures But how many peeres oz ages baue paſſed ince, they fay they tan make no relation, hauing 
ment heres no letters nop othet fuch meanes as we to keepe recopbes of the particularities oftimes patt, but 
they in ree onelp tradition from father to ſonne. 
that they They thinke that all the gods are of humane thape, and eherefore they reprefent them by 
em. images in the formes ol men, which they tall Ke waſo wok, ont alone is called ke was sthemthep 
innes, and place in houles appꝛopziate oz temples, which they call Machicomucke, where they worthip, 
nes onely pray, fing, and make many times offering vnto them. In ſome Machicomuck wee haue leene 
Aung but one Ke was, in lome two, and in other ſome thee, The common fort thinke them to bee al. 
5 k ſo gods. : 
ither haue hey beleeue alſo the innnontalitie of the ſoule, that after this life as ſoone as the foule is de⸗ 
de of ticks my = parted from the body, accozding to the workes it hath done, it is either taried to heauen the habis 
tacle of gods, there to eniop perpetuall bliſſe and happinelle, oꝛ els to a great pitte op hole, which 
ittenne o thep thinke to be in the furthett partes oftheir part of the woꝛldto warde the Sunne let, there to 
ifthep bee burne continually: the place they call Popoguſſo. 
p fired bp. F 02 the confirmation of this opinion. they tolde mec two flovies of two men that had bene lates 
Ip dead and reuied againe, the one happened but fewe peeres before our comming into the 
mauer aa Countrey of a wicked man, which hauing bene dead and buried, the next day the earth of the 
28 And in graue being feene to mooue, was taken vp againe, who made declaration where his ſoule had 
e ground. bene, chat is to lap, very neere entring into Popoguſſo, had not one of the gods fauen him, and gaue 
2. And 16. him leaue to returne againe, and teache his friendes what they ſhoulde doe to auopde that terrible 
f place of topment. bee > 
Wiroans The other happened in che lame peere we were there, but in a cotune that was thyeelcore miles 
roans that from vs, and it teas tolde mee fon ſtrange newes, chat one being dead, buried, and taken vp as 
noc aboue gaine as the firlt, themen that although bis body had lien vend in the graue, yet his foule was 
8 different altue, and had trauailen farce in a long bꝛoade way, on both fives whereof grewe molt de lice·e 
and plealant trees, bearing moze rare aud excellent fruites, then euer hee had ſeene before, uz 
ther mol was able to expꝛeſſe, and at length came to moſt bꝛaue and faire heuſes, neere which bee mette 
ne fubtile his father char had bene dead brfo e auh gaue him great charge tu goe backe againe, anvſhewe 
ere either his kriends what good they were to doe to enioy the pleaturesof that place, which when her har 
nde fone done he ſbould after come againe. nn ri 75 
What lubtiltie ſoeuer be in the Wiroances and pꝛieſtes this opinion wopketh fo much in mae 
e wee ha · upekthe common and limple font ot people, that it maketb them haue great reſpect to their Go⸗ 
inge wes uernours, and alſo great care what they doe, to auopdetopment after death, and to enioy Lille, al 
the expes though norwith@andine there is punithmenc oydeincd for malefarcours, as ſtealers, twhoremone 
ng away gers, and other {mts eee rn pumiſhed with death, ſome with forfeitures; forne with 
. beating, aero ding to the greatneſſe ok the fartes. be. 12 f, 
mlevge f ahi the mmmh Religion, which J learned by hauing ſpetial familiaritie wich 
anding, ſome of thetr prices, LUherein they were not fo ſure grounded, noꝛ gaue {uch crevite to thett teas 
erp inge; dittons and fortes; but though conuerling with vs they were brought into great Doubts of their 
Sas wee, owne, and no mali aviation of ours, wich earneſt deſire in many, to learne more then wee han 
enen meanes for want of perfect vtrerance in their language to erpꝛeſſe. “tt 
erfection, Pott things they ſewe with va, as Mathematitall infruments, ſea Compaſſes, the vertu of 
delire our i de lo dddone zn atone nou, aperſpectine glade whereby ins ſhemed many range fights, 
rebp 15 burning plates , wilde ürrwonkeg, gunnes, hookes, witing and reading, {pring clockes that 


Dpp 2 ſeeme 


761 


feeme to goe of themlelues, and many other things that wee had were fo range vnto them and 
fo farreerceened their capacities to comprehend the reaſon andineanes bow they Mould be made 
and done that they thoug be they wett rather che workes of gods then of men, oz at the leattwife 
they had bene giuen and taugbe vs ol the gods, Aich made many of them to haue ſuch opint⸗ 
on of vs, as that if they kuewe net the trueth of God and religion alreadie. it mas rather to bee 


L 


The voyages and diſcoueries MA. Thomas Harriot. 


had from vs, whome God fo ſpetially loucd then from a people chat were fo fanple, as they found 
themſe lues to be in compariſon of vs. MApertupon greater credite was giuen vnto that we ſpake 
ol, concerning ſuch matters. 

Many times ind in euery tone where J came, accopding as J was able, J made declaration 
ofthe contents of the Bible, that therein was (et ſooyrh the true and onely God, and his mightic 
wozkes, that cherein was tonteined the true doctrine of ſaluation though Chniſt, with many par. 
ticularities of Miracles and chiefe poinces Of Religion, as I was able then to vtter, and thought 
lit ko the time. And although J tolde them the boo ke materially and ot it ſelfe was not of anp 
ſuch vereue, as J thougbt they did contetue, but onely che doctrine therein conteined: pet woulde 
manp bee glad to touche it, to embpace it, to hiſſe it, to holde it to their baeaſtes and heades, and 
ere all their body with it, to ſhewe their hungrie deltre of that knowledge which was 
poken of. 

The Wiroans with whome we dwelt called Wingina, and many of his people would be glad 
many times to be with vs at our mapers, and manp times call vpon vs both in his owne towne, 
as alla in others whither he ſometimes accompanied vs, to pay and fing Hlalmes, hoping there · 
by to be partaker of the fame effects which we bythat meancs allo 

Cwife this Wiroans was fo grituoufly liche that hee was like to die, and as be lap Ianguilly 
ing. doubting of any helpe by bis one ppiettes and thinking he was in fuch danger fop offending 
vs and thereby our God, ſent lo; ſome of vs to map and bee a meanes to our God that it woulde 
pleate him either that hee might liue, oz after death dwell with him in bliſſe, ſo like wiſe were the 
. _ yo ape 55 like 1 W 

n atime a en come began to wither by reaſon of a dzought which happened ex · 
traopdinarilp, fearing chat it had come to pale by reafon that in ſome thing they had diſpleaſed vs, 
many would come to vs and deſire vs to prap coour God of England, that hee woulde preferue 


their cope, momiſing that when it was ripe we allo ſotild be partakers of the fruite, 


unt ſubiect bimfelfe to auy ſuch pꝛayers and requeſts of men s chat in deede all 


There coulde at no time happen anp Mrange ſickenelle, lolles, hurtes, o any other trolſe bu 


eee that they woulde impute to vs the caule op meanes thereol, for offending oz not plea 


gs. 

Due other rare and range atcident, leauing others, will J mention befoe J ende, which 
— the whole Countrep that either knewe oz heard ol vs, to haue vs in toonderfull admi⸗ 
ration. 

There was no towne where we had any ſubeile deuiſe practifen againſt vs, me leaning it vn. 
puniſbed oꝛ not reuenged (berauſe we fought by all meanes pollſble to win them by gentleneſſe) 
but that within a ewe vayes alter our departure from euerp ſuch tonne, the people began to die 
perp lat and many in cht ſpace, in lome totunes abohe twentie, in fome fourtie, and in one fire 
fcone, which in tructh was bery many in reſpert ol their nombers. This happened in no place 
that we could learne, but tobere we had bene, ioberethey vled ſome pꝛactiſe againſt vs, and after 
fuch time. The diſeaſe alſo fo ſtrange that they neither knew what it was, noz how to cure it che 
like by report ofthe oldelt men in the Countrep neuer happened before,time out of minde. A thing 
ſpeciallp obſerued by vs, as alſo by the natural inhabitants themſelues. 

Inlomuch chat tohen ſome of the inhabitants which were our friends, and eſperially the Wi. 
roans Wingina, had obferuen fuch effects in foure op flue townes to followe their wicked practi: 
fex,thep were perlwader that it was the woke of our God cough our meanes, e that we by him 
mige kif and flay tobom we would without weapons, and not come neere them. 

And chereupon when it hav happened that they had vnderſtanding that any of their enemies 
had abufen vs in our iourneps, hearing that we had wrought no reuenge with dur weapons, and 
fearing vpon fame caufe the matter ſhould ſo reſt: did come and intreate vs that wee woulde be a 
meanes to our God that they as others that hav dealt ill wich vs might in like {ope die, alleadging 
how much it would be for our credite and profite,as alfo theirs, and hoping furthermore that we 
would doe fo much at their requettsin refpect of the friendthip we ynofelled chem. 

hole entreaties although we ſhewed that they were vngodlp, alfirming that e 

thinges e 
and were to be done accopbing to eee 


M. T bomas 


ſelues his true feruar 
with vs 


uine will and plea 
Det betauſe the 
thought neuerthelel 
them did but dilſemb 
that although wee f 
deſires. 

This marueilous 
people could not tel v 
cheit lickenes there u 
ſo that we had no wo 

Some therefore 


11 


moftalitie. 
Dome voulde lil 
: tome. to kill cheirs ar 
alreadte doue⸗ 
Thole that were 
without bodies, and 
chat fore as hep vid 
Co confirme this 
would not bee albe 
Moonthat thep luche 
lets were tied and ca 
Dome allo thoug 
vwelt, and killed che 
from vs ſoener it w 
And ocher lome fa 
Hare cate in lone l 
{pecially forne Altro 
befme in dur voyage 


which begun to ap 
ge 
Athinke He at this pr 
TShelethe yin 
there is good bopeth 
ofthe trueth, an 

And although (or 
fierce, in flaping for 
mough haue bene 6 
kme, che ultkrertn 
to be doubted. And 


Che beit neuerth 
the wort that may 
eſchewed. 


Ay 
° 772 — — teesetnsneeeenatieess ‘ ‘ 
riot. M.T homas Harriot. of the Engliſh nation. 762 1 
bem and 5 5 
ſelues his true ſeruants ought rather ta make petition fop the contrary xhat mig bt f 
—— liue together wich vs, be made partakers of bis trueth and letue him in 1 0 
b opine withſtanding in luch fore, that wee referre that as all otherthing e to bee done according to his dé 
tobe uine will 1 rd bis wiſe dome he had oꝛdainet co be bet. f 
ep found Det betauſe the effect fell out fo ſuddeinly and (hoptlp after according to tbeir dellres, they 
ve fake thought neuertheleſſe it came to palle by our meanes and that wee in sling ſuchſpearhes vnto 
them dis but diſſemble the matter, anv cherefore tame vnto vs to giut vs thanbes in eheit mauer, 
ication 255 210560 wet ſatillled them not in ppomite, yet in detde and effet pee had fulfillen cere 
This marueilous atcioent in all the Countrey wreughe ſo ſtrange opinions of vs, 
thovgte people could not tel whether to chinke vs gods 0; men, and the eater becaufe that all debe 
st of an chelr lickenes chere was nu man of ours ko wen to die ont hat was (pecially fickes they nocen ale 
3 fothat we had no women amongt va neither that twe din care fo) any of theirs, 
re Dome therefore were ul opinion that wee were not boyne ol wemen, and cherefaze not moy 
1 a, but ae rene ene Generation many petres pat, then rifen againe co im 
moztalitte. e 
Dome woulde like wyſe ſceme to mophecie, that there were more ol out j 
bid ta tome to kill theirs and take their places, as fome shows be ee purpae — chat. tabich bag 
: alreadte doue⸗ 
i Chere: 
amguilly 
Mending 
woulde 
we e the 
pened ere | 
Lace, where twee 
pated bs, i 
ane bata furt viſtant 
rolle bi: 5 
wt pleas a 
* 
e, which * 
fl admi⸗ 142 


ag it vn. 


D 


1 


9 
; 
8 
d 
7 
1 
* 
| |W. 
12 


8 10 N that 4 
rs Deut lien: Ntbere g 
An leſſe and in great reaſon is 


neither the fople, no} 


——4ä a 
763 The voyages and dilcoueries Sir Walter Nulegb. 


EINE i eee ee Da een 

ourtranailing : pet ſometimes as wee made our iourneis further into the maine and Countrep; 
we found the loile to be fatter the trees greater and to growe thinner,the grounde moze firme and 
deeper mould, moze and larger champions, finer graſle, aud as good as euer me {aw anpin Eng: 
Land; in fome places rockie and farre mone high and billie ground, moꝛe plentie of their fruites, 
more abundante of beaſtes, the moze inhabited with people, and of greater pollicie and larger bo: 
minions, with greater townes and houles. 

Aby may we not then looke for in good hope from the inner partes of moze and greater plen. 
tie, as well of other thinges, as of thole which wee haue alreadie diſcouered 2 Tinto the Spa- 
niards happened the like in diſcouering the maine of the Melt Indies. The maine alſo ofthis 
Countrey of Virginia, extending ſome wayes fo manp hundzeth of leagues, as otherwiſe then 
by the relation of the inhabitants wee haue mot certaine knowledge of, where pet no Chpitian 
prince bath any polſeſſion 6} dealing, cannot but peelde many kindes of excellent commodities, 
which we in our dilcouerte haue not pet ſeene. : 

Mhat hope there is ele to bee gathered ok the nature of the climate, being aul werable ta the 
land of lapan the land ol China, Perſia lury, the Wands of Cyprus ¢ Candy, che South parts 
of Greece, Italy, and Spaine, and ot᷑ many other notable and famous Countreis, becauſe I meane 
not to be tedious, J leaue to pour owne conſideration. ö 

hereby alſo the excellent temperature of the aire there atall ſeaſons, nich warmer then in 
England, aud neuer fo vehemently hot, as ſometimes is vnder and betweene the Tropikes, oz 
neere them, cannot be knowen vnto pou without further relation. 

Forthe holſomneſſe thereof I neede to ſay but thus much: chat lz all the want of pꝛouiſion, 
as firſt of Engliſy victual, excepting for twentie dayes, we liued onelp by Drinking water, and by 
the victual of the Countrey ot which ſome forts were very ſtrange vnto vs, and might haue bene 
thought to haue altered our temperatures in luch (opt, as ta haue bought vs into ſome grieuous 
and dangerous diſeaſes: Serondly the want of Engliſh meanes, forthe taking of beaſtes, fifty, 
and foule, which by the helpe onely of the inhabitants and their meanes, could not be fo ſuddenly 
and eafilp pꝛouided for vs, top in fo great nomber and quantities, nop of that choiſe as other: 
wife might haue bene to our better ſatiſfaction and contentment, Some want allo wee had of 
clothes, Furthermore, in all our trauailes which were moſt ſpeciall anv often in the time of 
winter gur lodging was in the open aire vponthe ground. And pet I ſayſq ali chis, there were 
but foure of our whole companie ( being one hunnpeth and eighe) that died all che peere and that 
but at the latter ende er eee Fam all foure,etpeciatly three 
were feeble, weabe, and ſickly perfons before euer they tame thither, and thole that knetwe them, 
much marueiled that they liued ſo long being in that cafe, or had abuentured to trauaile. 

Seeing therefore the apre there is lo temperate and holſome, the ſoile fe fertile, and 
{uch commodities, as I haue befope mentioned, the voyage allo thither to and fro being ſuffici 
ly experimented, to be petfourmen twiſe a peere with eaſe, and at any feafon thereof: And the 
dealing of Sir Walter Ralegh fo liberal in large giuing and graunting lande there, as is altea · 
die knowen, with many helpes and furtherances elle: (Che leak that he hach graunted hath bene 
fine hundꝛeth acres to a man only forthe aduenture of his perfon) I hope there remaines no cauſt 
whereby the action ould be miluked. 1: 

It that thole which Hall thither trauaile to inhabite and plant, be but reaſonably pꝛouided fo 
the ſirſt yeere, as thoſe are which were tranſpozter the laſt, and being there, doe vie but that dili⸗ 
gence and care, as is requiſite, and as they may with eale : There is no doubt, but loꝝ the time fol ⸗ 
lowing, they may haue victuals that are excellent good and plentie pnough, fome mone Eng lil 
loʒtes of cattell alſo hereafter, as ſome haue bene betuze, and are there pet remapning, map, and 
thall be (God willing) hither rtanſpozted. Do like wile, our kinde of fruites, rotes, and hearbes, 
map be there planted and ſowed, as ſome haue bene alreadie, and pꝛooue well: And in {hort time 
alſo they may rayſe of chofe fortes of commodities which Z haue fpoken of, as ſhall both enriche 
themſelues. as allo others that thall deale with them. . 

And this is all che fruite of our labours, that J haue thoughe necellarp to aduertiſe rou 
ok at this pꝛelent: IUhat elfe concerneth the nature and maners of the inhabitants ok Virginia, 
the nomber with the particularities of the voyages thither made, and of the actions of {uch 
as haue bene by Sir Walter Ralegh therein, and there imployed, many woꝛthy to be remem: 
Ned, as of the firtt diſcouerers of the Countrep: of our General fop che time Sir Richard 
Greinuile, and after bis departure of our Gouernout there alter Rafe Lane, tac piners other 
directed and imployed vnder their gouernement : DF the ines and Paſters of the voyages 
made fince iim tran{poptation , of the Gouernour and of shale df unf 

i] 


ted, as ol many 
ofa Chonicle, a 


be alſo publiſhed 


Thus referri 
action, from him 
all things els, J 


The fou 
the ye 


Ut Fleete 
tie tunnes: 
Porteſmouth, an 
ſtaied eight nates 


He 5. of i 

the {pace okt 
The 8, we tu 
The 16. Sim 
her diltreſſed in 


he 19. wel 
lupe: the 2 


22. we 
ane 
our women, and 
ſudden burning i 
not ſpeake. Allo a 
on ſuch a burning 
24. hounes, it wa 
uh 

gues, 

the Dea five,toc 
watet whereof w 
e 
e CO? Kuti 
(ee in liue oz fire 
The ſerond da 
water, three one! 
the coppe of an hi 
no; any goobnes, 
wap, he found in 
Mand: w 
Fernando had tol 


Vlegb. 


Countrey: 
re firme and 
inp in Eng. 
heir fruites, 
b larger do: 


reater plen . 
o the Spa · 
e alfo ofthis 
er wife then 
10 Chziſtian 
mmodities, 
rable ta the 
douth pares 
fe J meane 


mer then in 
fropikes, oz 


of Virginia, 


sus of {uch 


The Jecond( olonie. of the Engiſn naten. 7 


ted, as of many perfons,accidents,and things els, J haue ready in a diſtourſe by it ſelfe in manner 
ofa Chꝛonirle, accoꝛving to the courte of times: and when time ſhall be thougdt conuenient, hall 


be alſo publiſhed. 


Thus referring my relation to pour fauourable tonſtructions, expettin ſutteſſe of 
action from him which is to be acknowledgedthe authoꝛ and gouernour, — — this, ih 
all things els, J cake my leaue of you, this moneth of Febzuaxie, 1588. 


The fourth voyage made to Virginia, with three fhippes, in 
theyeere, 1587. VV herein was tranſported the fecond (lone. 


e NMchepeereok our Lozde, 1587. Sir Walter Ralegh intending to erſeuere 
ies e& in the planting of his Countrey of Virginia, ppepatena newe Canet one 
aug | bundꝛed and fiftic mento be ſent thither, vnder the charge of Iohn White, whom 
Ks f ft... eee bim twelue AMitants, vnto 

9] whome he gaue a Charter, and incoꝛpozated them by the name ol Gouerno 
and Alſiſtants of the Citie of Ralegh in Virginia, ie 


Aprill. 


Ut Fleete being in number tipec laile, vin. the Admirall, a ſhippe ofone hundred and twens 

tie tunnes: a Site boate, and a Binneſſe, departed the fire aud twentieth of Apnl from 
Porteſmouth, and the fame dap came to an anker at the Cowes, in the Ille of Wight, where wee 
ſtaied eight daies. 


Maye. 
He 5. of Maye, at nine of the clocke at night, we came to Plymmouth, twhere we remained 


the {pace of two bates, 
The 8, we waird anker at Plymmouth,and departed thente fo? Virginia. 
Che 16. Simon Ferdinando Matter of our Admiral, lewalp fogfaoke our Fie boate, tearing 
her viltreſſed in the Baye of Portingall. 


lune. 


he 19. we fell wich Dominica andthe fame enening tne failed betwerne it, nd Guada- 4 Om othe 
lupe: the 21, the Flie boate alſo fell with Dominica. ret 
The 22. we cameto an anker at an Ille, called Santa Cruz, where all the planters were ſet en irn 
on land ſtaying there till the 25. of the fame moneth. At our irk landing on this Illand, ſome ol 
our women, and men by eating a lmall fruite,like greene apples, were fearefullp croublen with a 
ſudden burning in their mouthes, and felling of their tongues fo bigge chat fome ofthem could 
not ſpeake. Allo a child by fucking of one of thoſe womens bꝛealt, had at that inſtant his mouth fer 
on ſuch a burning, that it was ſtrange to {ce hom the infant was toꝛmenter forthe time: but after 
24. bones, it ware away of it felfe. 
Alfo the firſt nigbt of our being on this Zand, we tooke fine great Cortetes, Come of them ol 
fuch bignes , that firetcene of our ſtrongeũt men were tired with carrping of oue of them but from 
the Dea ſide, to dur tabbins. In this Aland we found no watring place, but a ſtanding ponde, the 
watet whereof was ſo euill that many of our companie fell ficke with drinking thereof: and ag 
many as did but wath their faces with that water, in che moming before the Sunne had mawen 
away che copruption, their faces did fo burne, and well that rhei eves were ſhut vp, and could nut 
(ce in ſiue op fire vaies o longer. 
The fecond day o our above there, we {ent forth forme ol our men to fearch the Aland fop kreſſ 
water, thee one way, and two another way. The Gouernour allo, with fice others, went vp to 
the coppe of an high hill, to view the Illand, but could perceaue no ſigne of any men, op bealkes, 
no; any goodnes, but Patots, and trees of Guiacum. Returning backe to our Cabbins another 
wap, he found in the diſtent of a hill. certaine potſteards of ſauage making , made of the earth of 
that Wands whereupon it was ludged, that this Aland was inbabiten wth Manages, though 
Fernando had tolde vn for certaine, che contrarie. Che ſame day at nighe, the rel of a 


1 . 


A 5 


n 5 


“A i$ 1 
Porm Mh. PQ: 


Na 
— : 
„ aD . 


N N 


WT 2 x‘ 


Via A OR 


aa 
2 7 


wy 


5D 
— A 
1 22 vr aw, 


—— IF 
2 


— — — 
TA 


17 1 fo 
4, Die bbe N. 


n Ni AN *. “Ca 2 


amy 


r 


a: 
(MTN 


U 


| ER 
Nie aa SS 


＋ 
4. A 


ot ee 


ont 


765 The voyages and difcoueries The ſecond Colonie, 


nie very late returnedto the Gouernour. The one companie affirmed, that they had ſeene in a 
vallex, eleuen Dauages, and diuers houſes halfe a mile diſtant fromthe eepe, op toppe of the 
hill where they ſtaied. The other companie had found running out of a high rocke, a very faire 
fpring of water, whereof they brought three nottles to the companies fop before that time, wee 
dente the ſtinking water of the ond. „eb 

The fame fecond day at nig. ange Stafford, with the pinncſle, departed from our ſleete, 
riding at Santa Cruz, to an Illand, callev Beake, ping neere S. Iohns, being fo directed by Ferdi- 
nando, who aſſurep him be thet chere finde great plentie or ſheepe. The next dap at night, dur 
planters left Sata Cruz au gane all abo, ann the next moꝛning after, being the 25. ol June, 


we waiedankersinn bepartedGonpSantaC nz,» | 
The feuen Stat ete to anker at Cottea, where we found the pinneſſe riding, at 
guy comming. 


Hivgs deere chen che quantitie of fhe water came bnto, 
ö Julie. 


„ Miutkets He firk we waied anker at Muskitoes Bape, where were lett behind two Jriſh men ok our 
. 51 Oyen companie, Darbie Glauen, and Denice Carrell, bearing along the coaſt of S. Iohns, till es 
the South five tening, at which time we fell with Roſſe Bape. At this place Fernando had pꝛomiſed wee 
Aflaicb here bud take in lalt, aud had cauſed vs befoze, to make and pꝛouide as many lackes fo2 that pur 
kehwater. Pole as we could, The Gouernour allo, fop that he vnderſtoode there was a Cowie in the bot 
ater. foitte of the Bape, not larre front the (ale hils, appointedthirtie ſhotte, ten pikes, and tentargete, 
to man the pinneſſe, and to goe a land fox fale, Fernando perceauing them in a readines, ſent to 
the Gouernour, vling great perſwaſions with him, not to take in fale there, ſaping that he knewe 
not well, whether that the fame were the plate oz not: allo, that if the pinneſſe went into the Bap, 
could not doithout great danger come backe, till the next day at night, and that if in the meane 
time any ſtoꝛme ſhould rife, the Admirall were in danger to be cal away. Chiles he was thus 
perl wading, he caufenthe lead to be caſt, aud hauing craſtily bꝛought the ſhippe in chꝛee fathome, 
aud a balte water he ſuddenly began to ſweate, and teare God in peeceg, dillembling great bane 
get trying to him at the helme, beare bp hard, beare vp hard: fo we went off, aud incre diſappoin 

ted of our lalt, by his meanes. N 
The next day, ſailing along the Wes ende of S. Iohns, the Gouernour determined to gor a 
N pleaſant land in S. Germans! Bape,to gather pong plants of Oꝛinges, Pines, Mameas, and Platonos, 
asinntep ip ti let at Virginia, which we ſneme mints call be had, to) chat they grotwe neere the fhoare, and 
aßen the wet the places where they grewe, well knowen tothe Gouernour, and fomeof the planters : but our 
Jobis Thad Simon denied it, Laying: he would come tu an aner at Hifpaniola, and there lande the Gouers 
bene pur, aud ſome other of the AMi@ante, with the pinnelle, to fee if he could ſpeake with his frend 
Singe tems ARNON, of nihome he hopen to be furnithed both of cattell, and all luch changes as wee woulve 
mons Plan- hae. taken in at S. Iohns: but her meant nothing lelle, as it plainely did appeare to vs alter 


t and 
ts, 9 8. Ae is i! . 3 
, Bini The next day after, being checbitd of Julie, wee fawe Hifpaniola , and bare with the toalt all 
that day, looking Mill when the piunelle ſhould be pꝛepared to goe foz the place where Fernando 
bis friend Alanſon was: but that day palled, and we ſawe no preparation fo landing in Hiſpa- 


mel. 

) die 4.08 Julie: ſailing along che coaſt af Hiſpaniola, vntill the next day at noone, and no pres 
gration pet (ene fon the Taping there, we hauing knowledge that we were pal the place where 
Nanſon dwelt, and were come with Ilabella: hereupon Fernando was alken by the Goueruour, 
ſuh ether he meant ta (peake with Alanſon, faz the taking in of cattell and other things, aceo dg 
to his piomile oꝭ not: but he anſ wered that he was now patt the place, and that Sir Walter Ra- 
legh tolde him, the French Ambaſſadq certifien him that the king of Spaine had ſent fox Alanfon 
ee be thought him dead, andthat tt was to no purpole ta wuch there in anp 
Plage, a is hopage. 11 Gut 
Ehe next day, we left lig bt of Hiſpaniola, and haled offfo Virginia, about 4. of the clocke in the 


The et of Julie, wee came ta the Alande Caycos, wberrin Fernando fate wert two 


Gil poves, alluring sit thep were wit, wer muinbt une Cals co bit ic, bil unte 


„„The 28. 7 Ried anker at Cortes and pyeltntly cameo anker at S. Iohns in Muskets Bay, 
üßete bee tye tihiee Dates vnpzaſttably: in taking in frelhe water, {pending in the meaue time 


The ſecond 


ſupplie, but it poor 
nando ſolated him 
ter part of that dap 
hunting Swanne: 
anker, leaving C 


nia. 

About the 1 6, of 
the Jlland of Cro 
ding bimfelfe dete 
Stafforde bene mo 
wap vpon the trea 
vpon it: ſuch was t 

The two and tr 
ankered: the Gout 
tending to paſſe vp 
which Sir Richa: 
ference, concernin 
returne againeto ti 
ded to make our fe 
ting, vnder the han 
the ſhippe, a Genel 
called to the ſailere 
but leaue them in 
that the Summer 
Unto this were al 
fore it booted not tf 
night. at Sunne fe 
we found none of 
ok one ofthoſe fifte 
The 23. ol Ju 
the Illand, where 
houles, made by lh 
taine knowledge o 
but all the houles 


gerous a place ast 
chey ſbould lurely l 

The eight andt 
Manages, which ¥ 
nets we 
uages be cre. 
fleepe, and ſo kill 1 
weapon, fate anel 
edtwo miles fro 
wounds with their 
head in peeces, ann 

On che chirtierh 
Band of Croatoa 


A oh, De, Rano aX 


— ae 


Tn, 
onie. De ſecond Colonie. of the Engliſh nation. 766 
ene in a ſupplie, but it pꝛooued as true as the finding of ſheepe at Beake. Inthis Illand, whileſt Ferdi 
cof the nando ſolaced himlelt a ſhoare, wich one of che campany in part of the Alland, others {pent che lat · 
ty faire ter part of that dap in other parts of the and, ſome to feeke che fale ponds, ſome forvling, foe 
me, wee hunting Swannes, whereof we taught many. The next daye.earely in the moming, we waied 
1 anker, leauing Caycos, with good hope, the fir lande that wee ſawe nert, hould be Virgi- 
Ut tleete, i 


nia. 
p Ferdi. About the 16. of July, we fell with the maine of Virginia, which Simon Fernando tooke to be 
igbt, our the Nandof Croatoan, where we came to an anker, and rode there two oy three daies: but fan 
of June, ding himſelfe deccaucd, he waied, and bare along the coatt, where in the nigit, bad not Captaine 
: Stafforde bene moze carefull in looking out, chen our Simon Fernando, wee had beene all catt a 
iding, at wap vpon the bpeache, calledthe Cape of Feate, for wee were come within two tables length 


vpon it: ſuch was the tareleſnes and ignoꝛante of our Mater. 
ets Bay, The two and twentieth of Julie, we arrived laſe at Hatoraske, where our ſhippe and pinueſſe 
pane time ankered: the Gouernour went aboaꝛd the pinnelſe, accompanied with fortie of his belt men in · 
tending to palle vp to Roanoake foorehwith, hoping there to finde chofe fifteene Engliſhmen, 
which Sir Richard Greenuill had left there the peere befoꝛe, wich whome he meant to haue cone 
ference, concerning the tate of the Countrep, and Dauages, meaning after he had fo done, to 
N returne againeto the ſleete and paſſe along the coaſt. to the Baye of Chefepiok, where we inten · 
enok our ded to make our ſeate and forte, accoꝛding to the charge giuen vs among other directions in wie 
ns, till es ting, vnder the hande of Sir Walter Ralegh : but aſloone as we were put with our pinneſſe from 
iled wee the ſhippe a Gent leman by the meanes of Fernando. who was appointed to returne for England, 
that pur⸗ called to the ſailers in the pinneſſe, charging them not to bring any of the planters backe againe, 
inthe bots but leaue them in the Ilan, except the Gouemour,andetwo opchzee ſuch as he approoucd, faping 
targets, | that the Bummer woas larre (pene, tohercfore hee would land all the planters in no other piace. 
8, ſent to Unto this were all the failers, both in the pinneſſe, and ſhippe, perlwaded by the Matter, where 
he knewe fore it booted not che Gouernour to contend with them, but palled to Roanoake, and the fame 
the Bap, night, at Dunne let, went aland on the Jlland, in the place where our fifteene men were left, but 
the meane we found none of them, noꝛ any ſigne that they had bene there, fauing onelp we found the bones 
was thus Ckoueokthoſe fifteene,tobich the Bauages hav llamne long before, 
ekathome, The 23. uf Julp, the Gouernour, with viuers of his companie, walked to che Ronth ende of 
recat dau⸗ f the Alland, where Maſter Ralfe Lane hab his fopee, with lundzy neteſlarie and decent dwelling 
dilappoin⸗ houleg, made by bis men about it the peerebefone, where wer hoped to linde fome fignes, on cer · 
Mi —taineknotwlenge of our fäkteene men. Ihen we came thither, wee found the fopce raft dowue, 
v to goe a but all tbe houles ſtanding vnhurt, fauing the neather roomes of them, and alſo of the forte, 
Platonos, were ouergrowen wich Welons of diners forces, and Deere within chem, feeding on thote Mele 
K vu: fo we returned to our companie , without bope of euer ſeeing anp of the Giftecne meu ll 
‘ owing. A ee 
ye Gouer. The lame dap onder was giuen, chat euery man Could be imploied fo the repairing of thofe 
4 5 — toe Fou Handing, aud alſo ty make other newe Cottages, for ſuch as ſhoulde 
neede, 
o vs afters 25. dm Flie boate, and the reſt of dur plancers.arrined all fate at Hatoraske,to the great 
— connor the whole companie : but che Pater of our apm, Fernando grieuer 
greatly attheie ate cumming: fop be purpoſelp leit chem in the Baye of Portin all, and ſtole 
A gtoap from them in the night, hoping that the spatter therof, whole name was Edward Spicer, 
fon chat be neuer bad beene in Virginia, would hardly finde the place: op els being left in fo dau: 
qrecousa place as that mas, by meanes of ſo manp men ok warre, as at that time were aboond, 
chey Mould furelp be taken, 02 llalne: but God viſappointed his wicked pretenfes. : 
The eight and twentieth, George Howe, one of our cwelue Affitants was flaine by diners 
ſoueruculr⸗ mages, which were come aust to Roanoake, either of purpoſe to elpit our companie , and 
71779 wbat number me were, on els to bunt Deere , whereof were many inthe Alland. Thee Ba- 
aie. nargesbecing ercelp biboen among high reeves, where oftentimes thep Ende the Deere a 
Alanfon HH derpe, ano fokill them, efpied our man wading in dhe twater alone, alm naten. toithout np 
ere in any weapon, ſate onely a {mall foked tticke, catching Crabs therewithall, and alfo being trap 
yt etwa mes from his commpanie,thotte at him in the tate, where they gaue him firereene 
oche inthe wounds mnchen armee an after hep had flaine him wich theit wooden Iwozdeg, beat bis 
1 i atin fed over che water to the maine. 
wert tho Hie rave tittteb of ett, Pater Stafford, and twentie of out men, paſſed by toater to 15 
‘ute Glsndof Croatoan, with Manteo, who bar his mocher, ant mim of his kinced, * 


DIN 


ir * 


1 
Ny 


n 


» 


— Vr ** 
4S ＋ K . TE OM. Ba ~ 


TA be te Las 


. r 


TT ——— —— —̃ — 
767 he vayages and diſcoueries The ſecond (olonie, 


in that Alland, ol whome we hopedto vnderſtaude ſome newes of our ſifteene men, but eſpecial⸗ 
ly to learne the diſpolition of the people of the Countrey towards vs, and to renew our olde friend: 
ſhippe withthem. At our lirſt landing, they ſeemed as though they would fight with vs: but pers 
ceauing vs begin to marche with our thot towards chem, they curned their backeg,and fled, Then 
Manteo their councrepman, called to them in their owne language, whom, alſoone as they heard, 
they returned, and thꝛewe away their bowes, and arrowes, and ſome of them came vnto vs, em: 
bracing and entertaining vs friendly, deſiring vs not to gather op {pill any of their cone, foꝛ that 
they had but little. Me anſwered them, that neither their cozne, nox anp other thing of theirg, 
ſhould be diminiſhed by any of vs, and that our comming was onelyto renew the olde loue. that 
was betweene vs, and them, at the ſirſt, and to liue with them as bzethꝛen, and friendes: which ans 
ſwere ſeemed to pleale them well wherefoze they requeſled vs to walke np to their Towne, who 
there featted vs after their manner, and delired vs earneſtly, that there might be fome token 0} 

badge giuen them ol vs, whereby we might knowthem to be our friendes, when we met them ar 
ny where out ol the Towne oꝛ Alland. They ttolde vs further, that for want of ſome ſuch badge, 

Divers of them were hurt the peere befoge , beeing founde out of the Illand by Mater Lane hig 

companie, whereof they ſhewed vs one, which at chat very inſtant laye lame, and had lien of that 

burt euer ſince: but they ſaid. they knew our men miſtooke them, and hurt them in ſteede of Win. 

ginoes men, wherefore they held vs exculed. 


ö Auguſt. 
De next day, we had conference further with them, concerning the peopleof Secota, Aqua- 
ſcogoc, ¢ Pomiock, willing them of Croatoan, tg certifie the people of chole townes that if 

they would accept our friendship, we would wulingly receaue them againe, and that all vnftiend⸗ 
ly dealings paſt on both partes, ſhould be vtterly fozgiuen, and forgotten. Cothisthe chiefe men 
of Croatoan auſwered that they would gladly doe the beſt they could, and within ſeuen daies, 
bꝛing the Weroances, and chiefe Gouerneuxs of thoſe townes with them, to our Gouernour at 
Roanoał, o; their anſwere. Me allo vndexſtoode of the men ol Croatoan, that our man Maſter 
Howe, was ſlaine bythe remnant ol Winginoes miu, dwelling then at Dafamongueponke, 
with whome Winchele kept companie: and allo r e ee bythem of Croatoan, hoh that 
the 15. Engliſhmen leſt at Roanoak the yeeie befoze,bp Sir Richard Greenuill, were ſuddenly 
fet vpon, by 3 0. of the men ol Sec ota, Aquaſcogoc, aug Dafamongueponke, in manner follow⸗ 
ing. They conueied themſe lues fecretly bebinn the wees, nere the houles , where our men care 
lelly liued: and hauing perce aued that of toler s. they tpuld fee but 77. ouflp, two of thoſe Sa⸗ 
uages appeared to che 11, Engliſhmen, c then bẽy friendly ſignes, that but two of their 
chiefeſt men ſhould come vnarmed to {peake with thöle two Sauages, who ſeemed allo to be 
vnarmed. Therefore two of the chiefeſt ol our Engliſhmen, went gladly to them: but whilett 
one of thoſe Sauages traitoꝛoully dame 


11028 


I awing nowe ſufficiently vifpatchen our buntes at Croatoan , thelume dap wer departed 
frignlp, taking aur leaue, aun fame aboow the flecte at Hatoraske, ue 


cut his cables, an 


to the Gouernour, 
ter u d ſooner obta 
ged manp ſufficien 


The fecone 


The eighcof ¢ 
Pomioake, Aqu 
paſt, within whic 
no tidings of ther 
nant ol Wingino 
which had flaine « 
Roanoake, he the 
bout midnight, he 
of Manteo was o 
ges dwelt, where 

The next day, 
landed neere then 
the woods to that 
their fire, and fom 
maled, fledde into 
ſhotte one of then 
which wee hoped 
uages were our ft 
place. becauſe cher 
Howe, and fo; ha 
all had beene deut 
had like to haue p: 
and women appat 
one of them, whic 
in ſteede of a man 
him, calling him! 
our purpole, wee g 
uing the reſt vnſpe 
ges with vs ouert 
grieued Manteo, } 
roans had kept the 
knowen that miſch 
The 13. of Aug 
chꝛiſtened in Roan 
full ſeruice. 

The 1 8. Elena 
Pants,was deliver 
following, and bec 
nia. Bythis time o 
take in wood, and fi 
fo prepared their le 

Dur two ſhippe 
atofe ſuch a tempe 


come to vs again 
at the tyme that 
land. 

At this time ſo 
two out of the tive 
land: for euery on 


at length, by much 


England: but the 
bis minve,fo that 
The next dap ti 


jp 
olonie, 


ut elpecial⸗ 
de friend: 
s: but per⸗ 
fled. Then 
hey heard, 
to vs, em: 
ne, foꝛ that 
vok theirg, 
e loue. that 
which an⸗ 
wne, who 
e token oꝛ 
iet them ae 
ich badge, 
Lane hig 
ien ok that 
e ol Win- 


ta, Aqua- 
nes, that ik 
vufriend⸗ 
hiefe men 
ien daies, 
iernour at 
in Maſter 
zueponke, 
Vhomthat 
e ſuddenly 
er follow⸗ 
men care⸗ 
thoſe Sa⸗ 
vo of their 
alſo to be 
ut whileſt 
Jof wood, 
n, and pꝛe⸗ 
n pertea⸗ 
rowes, ſo 
weapons 
ere foꝛced 
gthe Sa⸗ 
men was 
as hot ine 
ace where 


„ behinde 


men with 
de, where 
ut a quar⸗ 
v had bene 
mded on a 
ep remai⸗ 


eheparted 
The 


— . —2Äñ—ꝓ ——f᷑;ͥ6 


The fecond (olonie. ot the Engliſh nation. 


The eigbtol Auguſt the Soucenour hauung long expected the comming of the Weroanſes of 

Pomioake, Aquafcogoc, Secota, aud Dafamongueponke , ſeeing that the leuen dates were 
pat, within which they pꝛomiled to come in oz to fend their aulwerg by the men of Croatoan and 
no tidings of them heard, being certainly allo infoymen bp thole men ol Croatoan, that the rem⸗ 
nant of Wingino his men, which were left aliue, who dwelt at Daſamongueponke „ were they 
which had llaine George Howe, and were alſo at the Nhnng of our eleuen Engliſhmen from 
Roanoake, he thought do differre the reuenging thereof no longer. Liherefoze the fame night, a. 
bout midnight. he palſed ouerthe water accompanied with Captaine Stafford, ud 24. men, wher⸗ 
of Manteo was one, whome wee tooke with vs to be our guide to the place where thole Baua⸗ 
ges dwelt, where he behaued himſelfe toward vs as a mold faithful Englich man. 

The next dap, being the ninth of Auguſt, in the mopning ſo earely, that it was yet darke, wee 
lundedneere thedwelling plate of our enemies, and very letretly conueped our felues though 
the woods co that ſide, where we bad their houles betweene vs and the water: and hauing eſpied 
their lire, and ſome ſitting aboutit, we pꝛeſently ſette on them: the miferable foules herewich a: 


mated, flevde into a place of thicke reedes, growing falt by, where our men perceauing them, 


fhotte one of them thꝛoughthe bodie with a bullet, and there with wee entred the reeves, among 
which wee hoped to acquite their euill doing towards vs, but wee were veceaued: foz thole Da · 
uages were our friendes, and were come from Croatoan, to gather the come, and fruite of that 
place. berauſe they vnderſtoode aur enemies were flende immediatly alter they had ſlaine George 
Howe, and fo; haſte had left all their cone, Tabacco, and Pompions ſtanduig in ſuch forte, that 
all had beene deuoured of the birdes and Deere, if it had not beene gathered in time: but they 
had like to haue paide deerelp foz it: forit was fo darke, that they beeing naked, and their men 
and women appatelled all ſo like athers, we knewe not but that they were all men: annif that 
one ok them, which was a Weroans wife, had not had her childe at her backe, the had bene llaine 
in ſteede of a man, and as happe was, another Sauage knewe Pater Stafford, aud ranne to 
him, calling him by his name, whereby he was ſaued. Finding our (clues thus dilappointed ol 
our purpole, wee gathered all the cone, Peaſe, Pumpions, and Tabacco that we found ripe, leae 
uing the reſt vnſpoiled, and tooke Menatoan his wife, with the pong childe, and the other Saua⸗ 
ges with vs ouer the water to Roanoak. Although the miſtaking of theſe Sauages ſome what 
grieued Manteo, pet he imputed their harme to their owne follie, faping to them that ik their We- 
roans had kept their promile in comming to the Gouernour, at the day appointed, they had uot 
kno wen that miſchance. 

The 13. ol Auguſt, our Sauage Manteo, by the cammandement ol Sir Walter Ralegh, was 
rh in Roanoak, anv called Koyo therot and of Dafamongueponke,in reward of his faiths 

I feruice, : 

The 18. Elenora, daughter tothe Gouernour, and wife to Ananias Dare, one of the AM. 
ſtants. was delivered of a daughter in Roanoak, and the fame was chitened therethe Sunday 
following, and becauſe this childe was the fir Chꝛiſtian bone in Virginia, he was named Virgi- 
nia Bythis time our ſhippes had vnlanded the goods and bictuals of the planters, and began to 
take in wood, and freſh water, and to newe calke and trimme them for England: the plancers ale 
fo prepared their letters, and tokens,to lend backe into England. 


Our two ſhippes the Lyon, and the Flieboate, almoſt ready to depart, the 2 1. ol uguſt. there 


atofe ſuch a tempeſt at noꝛthe alt tbat our Admirall then riding out ok the harbour, was forcenta 


cut his cables, and put to Sea, where he laye beating off and on, fire dapes before hee coulde 


come to va againe, fo that wee feared hee had beene caf awap, and the rather, fop chat 
2 the tyme that the torte tooke them, the motte, aud bet of their Saylers, were left a · 
and. 


At this time ſome controuerſies rofe betweene the Gouernour, and Aſſiſtants, about choofing 
two out of the twelue Alliſtants, which Mould goe backe as factors forthe comnznie into Eng 
land: to euery one okthem refuſed, ſaue onely one, which all the other thought t ſufficient: but 
at length, by much perſwading of the Gouernour, Chriſtopher Cooper onely agreedto gue for 
Eugland : but the next day, though the perſwalion of diners of bis familiar friendes, he changed 
his minde. ſu that now the matter ſtoode as at the frit. 

The next dap che 22. of Auguſt, che whole companie, both of the Alſiltants, and planters came 
to the Gouernour, and with one volte requetted him to returne himſelle into England, foꝛ the bet 
ter un d ſooner obtaining of ſupplies, and other neteſſaries for them: but he refuſed it, and alles 
ged many ſufficient caules, why he would not: che one was. that he could not fo luddenly returue 
dacke againe, without his great dilcredite, leauing the action, and ſo many, whome he ran 


U 1 i 
fash IN VW an 


» 


. 


7 


ee. = : 


n 1 AX XXX ; ica . < 
„ 1 ew Erne 5 A he © fe \ * 1 
1 ee wis . 2 Ves 5 . 7 22 
1 * .. - * 2 . N x 7 > <i 1 0 = 7 
. ey) N . 2 Wr, 75 3 Wr / WV 


1 
. 


POSE 
+ 


Sean 


. 
* C 


— 


1 „ 
*. IS, 


> 
7 

1 a 2 

LI OMG SE - 


1 


if 4 


769 The voyages and difcoueries The ſecond Colonie, 


pꝛocurev through bis perſwaſiong, to leaue then uatiue Countrep, and vndertake that vopage, 
and that ſome enemies to hum and the action at his returne into Eng land, wou ld not ſpare to flan: 
der falſely both him, and the action, by ſaying he went to Virginia, but politike lp, and to no other 
ende, but to leade fo many into a Countrey, in which he neuer meant to ſtay himſelfe, and there to 
leaue them behind him. Alſo he alleaged that ſeing they intended to remoue 50. miles further vy 
into the maine prefently, he being then ablent, his ſtuffe, and goods, might be both ſpoiled, and 
moſt of it pilfered away in the carriage, fo that at his returne, hee ſhould be either forced to pos 
wide himſelke of all ſuch things againe, o els at his comming againe to Virginia, finde humſelle 
vtterly vnfurniſhed, whereof already he had found ſome proofe, beeing but once krom them but 
chee dates. CMherefoze he concluded. chat he would not goe himſlelfe. 
The next dap, not onely the Aſliſtants, but divers others, as well women, as men, beganne 
to renewe their requeſtstothe Gouernour againe, to take vppon him to returne into England 
for the lupplie, and diſpatch of all ſuch thinges, as there were to be done, pꝛomiling to make him 
their bonde vnder all their handes, and feales, forthe ſafe pꝛeſeruing of all his goods fop him at 
his returne to Virginia, fo that if anp part thereof were {potlen, oz loſt, they would fee it reſlo⸗ 
red to him, oꝛ his Alignes, tohentoeuer the fame ſhould be miſſed, and demanded: which bonde 
with a teſtimonie vnder their handes, and ſeales, they foozthwith made, and deliuered into his 
bands. The copie of the teſtimonie, I thought good to let vowne. 

ap it pleaſe you, ber Waicthhes Coubiects of England, wee vour kriende? and Countrep 
men, the planters in Virginia, doe by theſe pꝛeſents let you, and euery of pou to vnderſtande, 
that foz the pꝛeſent and ſperdie ſupplie of certaine our knowen, and apparant lacke s, and needes, 
mol requiſite and neceſſarie fo the good and happie planting of vs, oz any other in this lande 
of Virginia, wee all of one minde, and confent, haue moſt earneſtly intreated, and vnceſlantly ree 
queſted Iohn White, Gouernour of the planters in Virginia, to paſſe into England, forthe 
better and move alſured helpe, and ſetting forward of the foꝛeſapde ſupplies: and knowing af 
ſuredly that he both can belt, and will labour, and take paines in that behalfe for vs all, and hee 
not once, but often refuling it, ſoꝛ our fakes, and for the honour, and maintenance of the acti⸗ 
on, bath at laſt, tbough much againſt his will, through our impoztunacie, peelded to leaue his 
gouernment, and al! his goods among vs, ang himſelfe in all our behalfes to patle into Cnge 
lande, of whoſe knowledge, and ſidelitie in handling this matter, as all others, wee doe al⸗ 
ſure our ſelues by theſe pꝛeſents, and will you to giue all credite thereunto. the fue and twen⸗ 
tieth ol Augut. ree 

The Gonernour beeing at the lack, thꝛoughtheir extreame intreating, conſtrayned to retarne 
into England, hauing then but halfe a vaies reſpit to prepare him felfe. for the fame, departed 
from Roanoake, the ſeuen and twentieth ol Auguſt in the mozning: aud the fame dape about 
midnight, came abocꝛdthe F lie boate, who already had waied anker, and rode without the barre, 
the Admirall riding by them. who but the ſame monning was neuly come thither againe. Che 
fame dap, boch the ſhippes waied anker, and ſette ſaile fo. England: at this waping their ans 
kers, twelue of the men which were in the Flieboate, were thhowen fromthe Capeſtone, which 
by meanes of a barre that bꝛake, came fo kaſt about vpon them, that the other two barres there 
of ſtroke and hurt moſt of them ſo fore, that ſome ok them neuer recouered it: neuerthelelſe they 
allated pꝛeſently againe to waigh their anker, but being fo weakened wich the firt fling, they 
were not able to weigh it, but were thowen downe, and hurt the ſeconde time. TAherefoze ha: 
uing in all but fifteene men abooꝛd, and moſt of them by this inloꝛtunate beginning fo bzuiſed, 
and hurt, they were foꝛced to tut their Cable, and leeſe their anker. Meuerthelelſe, they kept 
tompanie with the Admiral, vntill the ſeuenteenth of September , at which time ve fell with 
Coruo, and ſawe Flores. 


September. 


he eighteenth, perteauing of all our Gifteene men in the Flie boate, there remained but 

fiue, which by meanes of the former mifchance, were able to ſtande to their labour: wher · 
foze vnderſtanding that the Admirall meant not to make any hatte for England, but lingera 
bout the Illande of Tercera ka; purchaſe, the Flic boate departed fox. Englande with ler: 
ters, where we hoped by the helpe ol Gon to arrive ſloly: but by that time wee had continued 
our courſe home ward, about twentie bapes, eee and variable windes, 
our freſh water allo by leaking almot conſumed, there arole luch a lame at Notheaſt, 51 


The ſecona 


8 
fo; 6, dapes ceaſe: 
could recouer in 

and two ofthem 
paies together co 
king water, dꝛeg 
nom we expected 


be 16. of O 
ſame land at 
Dublin, and a p} 
bad we any boate 
whom we vnderl 
pꝛeſently with fre 
The 18. the G 
ok the new victua 
but within 4. day 
fipeboate, and th 
Dingen, 


Te. firft che g 
readie te put 
in Ireland, the (a 
end, and were thu 

Che 5. the Go 
Coznewall. 

She 8. we arri 
to Poztſmauth, a 
all his companp! 
ſicknes, and deat 
bour, but were fo 
periſbed there, if 
the chizfe men th 
ther faplers, who 


Thenames 


riued 


— — 


fonie, 


vopage, 
e tollan⸗ 
no other 
there to 
ther vy 
iled, and 
d to pꝛo⸗ 
himlelfe 
hem but 


beganne 
England 
nake him 
fon him at 
it reſto⸗ 
ich bonde 
into his 


Countrep 
jerftande, 
d needes, 
his lande 
{Tantip rex 
nd, forthe 
owing af 
ll, and hee 
or the actis 
leaue his 
into Eng ⸗ 
pee doe al · 
and then: 


to returne 
departed 
ape about 
the barre, 
nine. Che 
their ane 
ne, which 

esthere⸗ 
eleſſe they 
ling, they 
erefore ha · 
o bzuiſed, 
they kept 
e kell with 


ained but 


The Second (olonie. of the Engliſh nation. 770 


fo, 6. dapes ceafeo not to blowe fo exceeding, that we were dpmen further in thoſe 6, then wet 
could recouer in thirteene daies: in which time others of our ſaplers began to fall very ſicke, 
and two of them dyed, the weather allo continued ſo cloſe, that our Maier ſometimes in foutẽ 
vaies together could fee neither Sunne nop ſtarre, aud all the beuerage we could make, with fins 
king water, dꝛegges of bert, and lets ol wine which remained, was but 3. gallons and therefore 
nom we expected nothing but by fampne to periſh at Sea. 


October. 


gt es 16. ol October we made land, but we knew not that land it was, bearing in wich the 
fame land at that dap: about Sunne (er we put into a harbour, where we found a hulke of 
Dublin, and a ppneffe of Hampton xyding, but we knew not as yet what place tds was. neither 
bad we any doate to gee a ſhaaxt, vntill the pinneſſe ſent off their boate to vs with 6,07 8. men, ol 
whom we vnderſtood we were in Vmewicke in the weſt parts ol Ireland: they alſo relecutd vs 
pꝛeſently with fre water, wyne, and other frelh meate. 

The 18. the Gouernour, and the Malter ryd to Dingen Cuſhe, 5. myles diſtant, to take oꝛder 
of the new victualling ol our Flye boate for England, and fo reliefe of our ſicke and hurt men, 
but within 4. dapes after the boatſwane, the ſteward, and the boatſwanes mate Dyed abooyd the 
3 and the 28, the Malters mate and twe of our chieke Maplers were bought ſicke to 

ingen. 


Nouember. 


T. firft the gouernour ſhipped bim felfe in a thip talled the Ponkie, which at chat time was 
readie to put to Sea from Dingen for England, leauing the Flyeboat and all bis company 
in Ireland, the fame day we let ſaylt. and on the third day we fel with the Noꝛthlide of the lands 
end, and were ſhut vp the Seuerne, but the next day we vunbled the lame, ſoꝛ Monts bap, 
4 She 5 Gouernour landed in England at Martaſew, netre Saint Pichaels mount in 

omewa 

Tbe 8. we arriued at Hampton, where we vnderſtood that our conſozt che Admitall was come 
to Porelmouch,and had bene there thee merkes before: and allo that Fernando the Matter with 
all bis company were not onelp come home without any purchale, but alſo in ſuch weakeneſle by 
ficknés,and death of their cheefelt men, that they were ſcarſe able to boing their Hip into the bare 
bour, but were forced to let fall anker wout, which they could not way againe. but might all baue 
periſbed there if a {mall barke by great hap had not come to them to belpe them. Che names ol 
the chisfe men that dyed are thefe, Roger Large, Iohn Mathew, Thomas Smith, and fome other 
ther laylers, whole names J know not at the writing hereof, An. Do. 1587. 


The names of all the men, women and Children, which ſafely ar- 
riued in Virginia, and remained to inbabite there, 1387. 


Anno Regni Reginę Elizabethe, 29. 


Ohn White. William Willes. 
Roger Bailie. Iohn Brooke, 
Ananias Dare, Cutbert White, 

Chriftopher Cooper, Iohn Bright. 
Thomas Steuens, Clement Tayler. 
Iohn Sampſon. William Sole, 
Dyonis Haruie. John Cotimur. 
Roger Prat. Humfrey Newton. 
Seorge Howe, Thomas Colman. 
Simon Fernando. Thomas Gramme, 
Nicholas Iohnſon. Marke Bennet, 
Thomas Warner, John Gibbes. 
Anthony Cage, ohn Stilman, 
ohn Iones. Robert Wilkinſon. 


Aaaa, Tohn 


7 
. 
NN 


N 


LAW Lae 


wae 
YF 


r 

. 

aa Ry 
A fo hy, LENT. 6 


. 
LAX 


5 


„ ew I” EF 
awe iS xv “Ab 8 2 


“2m Te atm JA. 


; „ e 8 
, BR . BN ID 


H Y “tee” 
Var. “> 


* rey 
ae Ne a 


AT, 
N 


Iohn Tydway, 
Edmond Englith, 
oe Topan, 
enry Berrye, 

Richord Bentye, 
John Spendloue. 
Iohn Hemmington, 
Thomas Butler, 
Edward Powell, 
Iohn Burden, 
James Hynde. 
Thomas Ellis. 
William Browne, 
Michael Myllet. 
Thomas Smith, 
Richard Kemme. 
Thomas Harris, 
Richard Tauemer. 
Iohn Earneſt. 
Henry Iohnſon. 
Iohn Starte. 
Richard Darige. 
William Lucas. 
Arnold Archard. 
Iohn Wright. 
William Dutton. 
Morris Allen. 
William Waters. 
Richard Arthur. 
Iohn Chapman. 
William Clement. 
Robert Little. 

Hugh Tayler, 
Richard Wildye, 
Lewes Wotton, 
Michael Bifhop. 
Henry Browne. 
Henry Rufoote. 
Richard Tomkins, 
Henry Dorrell. 
Chales Fonie. 
Henry Mylton. 
Heng Payne. 
Thomas Harris. 
William Nicholes, 
Thomas Pheuens, 
Iohn Borden. 
Thomas Scot, 


: Co 5 au. 
Margaret Lawrence. 


77¹ The voyages and difcoueries The fecond (Colonie, 


Peter Little. ' 
Iohn Wyles, 
Brian Wyles, 
George N 
Hugh Pattenſon. 
Martyn Sutton. 
Iohn Farre. 
Iohn Bridger. 
Griffen Iones, 
Richard Shaberdge. 8 
James Laſie. t 
Iohn Cheuen. 
Thomas Hewet. 
William Berde. 


Women. 


Elyoner Dare. 


Margery Haruie, 
Agnes Wood. 
Weneftid Powell, 
Ioyce Archard. 


Lane Jones, 
Elizabeth Glane, 


Atay Ten ; 

Au appan. 
Alis Cha A 

, e Merrimoth. 


eed bit 

Ne Mannering, 
Roft Payne. 
Elizabeth Viceats, 
Lohn Sampfon. 
Robert Ellis. 
Ambroſe Viccars. 


Thomas Archard, 


Thomas Humfrey. 8 


Tomas Smart. Mine 


William Wythers. 4 
(Children borne in Virginia. 
Virginia Dare, 
Haruye. 
Sauages. 
Manteo. 3 “Thar were in Englande and 


returned home into Virgini 
Towaye. J vin chem. * 


The fit voyage intended for the ſupply of the Colonie planted in 


Virginia by John VV bite which being vndertaken in the yeere 1588 


by caſualtie tooke no effect. 


Pm hither with all ſuch ne 


s Fter the Gouernoꝛs returne out of Virginia the 20, of Nouember 1 587. be pelinered 
is lecters and other aduerti(ments concerning bis lat voyage and kate of the plane 

eers to Bir Walter Ralegh:tobereupon he forthwith appointed a pinnelle to be 
cellaries ag he vnderſtood they food in nerde ok rand alle — „ 


ſent 


4 be intena 


his letters vntot 
all conuenteut fp 
thinges neeveful 
under the chardg 
but for a faire wi 
report of the wo 
with the power o 
a readmes in any 
was perfonally ¢ 
meanes fo3 this p 
‘ofthe planters fo 
tonnes called the 
uiſion, with certe 
Thus the 22. 
of Coznewal, an 
our company we 
anker againe and 
The next dap 
chaſe to 4. chips, 
end, out of theſe fi 
we bozded alſo ¢ 

The 26. of A 
Raped for it. Byt 
vim fo; au Engl 
neere to vs we pe 
amaled hauing f 
readie to clap vs 
one pꝛepared wit 
anſwered of Flut 
bare from vs and 
The 27. day i 
Rill at Mojtheal 

The 28. day t 
cried a ſaple to t 

The 29. in th 
farre as we coul 
it was an wulke 
neſſe perceiuing 
Braue againe. 2 
ſome men and o 
againe to the cha 
all night in with 
change of wind 


/ We firſt day 
The z. beit 
her:and the nigh 
confort allo, hai 
we could neither 
our courſe fop th 
The Came dap 
very wel manne 
we parted frindl 
les we fulpected 


nie, be intended fupply.of the Englifhnation. 


bis letters untothem, wherein among other matters he comfopced them with promite, that with 
all conuentent ſpeede he would prepare a good ſuppip of ſpipping and men with luflitiente of all 
chinges netvefull, which he intended, Gon willing, ſould be with them the Bommer kollow⸗ 
ang. Ualhürb pinnelle and fleece were accopdinglp yreparcd in the len countrey at Bivifopde 
under cbecharvge of Dir Richard Greencuil, Chis fleece being nom in a reddineſſe only ſtaping 
but foꝛ afaire wind ta put to Dea, at the lame time there was fed thꝛougbout all Eng land uch 
repoft of the wonderfull pieparatiun andimuncible ſtettes made by the king of Spame iopnen 
with che power of the Pope fo the inuading of England, that moũ of the Hips of watre then in 
a xeadines in any hauen in England were tayen oz {eruice at home: And fir Richard Greeneuil 
was perfonallp commanded not to depart out of Comewall. Che voyage fo Virginia by theſe 
meanes fa; this pere thus diſappointed, the Gouernour notwithſtanding labored top the reliefe 
‘ofthe plante rs ſo carncttlp, that he obtained two fmall pinneſſes the one of them being ol 30. 
tonnes called the Bꝛaue, the other of 2 5. callen the Roe, wherein 15. planters and all their pꝛo⸗ 
uiſion, with certaine relicte fo, thoſe that wintered in the Countrie was to be tranſpoꝛtrd. 
Thus the 22. of Appill 1588. we put ouer the barre at Biddifoꝛd in the edge of the INorehfire 
of Copnewal, and the fame night we came to an anker vnder the Ille of Lundy, where ſome of 
‘gut company went on land: After we bad roade there about the (pace of tee bowers we wayed 
anker againe and all that night we bare along the coaſt of Coꝛne wall. 

The next dap being D. Georges dap and the 23. of Appili Mtl bearing along the coat we gaue 
chaſe to 4. chips, boꝛded chem a foꝛced them all to come to anker by vs in a ſmal bap at the lands 
end, out of theſe ſhips we tooke nothing but 3 men, ¢ the fame night we weig bed e put to Sea. 
Che 24. day we gaue chaſe to 2. ſbips, the one of them being a Scot the other a Breton, Theſe 
we boydedalfo ¢ tooke from them whatloeuer we could find woyth the taking, e ſo let them goe. 

The 26. ol Apꝛil we elcried a ſhip on ſterne ol vs, foꝛ whom we ſtrooke our toppe ſaple, and 
Rayen for it. By that time he came with vs we ſaw in his flagge a redd crofle:wereupon we helde 
vim fo, au Englichman, € gaue ouer our preparation to fight with hum. But when he was come 
neere to vs we perceiued bis ſlagge not to be aright S. George: whertupon we were ſome what 
amaſed hauing fo farre miſtaken, loʒ it was a very tall ſhip, and excellentlip well appointeł ¢ nom 
readie to clap bs aboo;d, And it was not now neede te bid euerp man to beſtirre himſelfe, for each 
one prepared with al ſpeed to fight. In the meane time we hapled them whence they were: They 
anſwered of Fluſhing, bound fo Barbarie. And they perceiuing vs to be Engliſhmen of warre 
bare from vs and gaue vs a piece, and we gaue them two pieces and ſo departed. 

The 27. day in the mozning we were come with the heigth of cape Finiſter, the winde being 
Rill at Moꝛtheaſt. a 

The 28. day the wind ſhilted: about foure of the clocke in the afternoone the lame day we ef- 
cried a laple ta the weather of vs, whom we kept lo neere vnto vs as we could all that night. 

The 2g. in the moꝛning we gaue chale to the fame ſhip being thento the wind or vs almeſt as 
farre as we cout ken. Affoone as our pinnes, came vp to them, the pinnes fought with the chip, e 
it was an Mulke of 200. tonne ¢ moge, but after a few great thot beſtowed on both ſides, the pin: 
neſſe perteiuing her confoyt not able to come to apd her lelt the Hulke ¢ came roome with the 
Baue againe. At their comming they deſired the Captaine e Patter of the Bꝛaue to lend them 
ſome men and other things wherof they had neede. CA hich things put abooꝛd thé they returned 
againe to the chaſe of the ulke earneltly, and with ful purpoſe to boopd her. But the Hulke bare 
all nigbt in with the coaſt of Spaine, and by moꝛning were lo neere land, that we fearing eyther 
change of wind oz to be calmed gaue ouer the fight and put off to Dea againe. 


May. 


he fir day of May being dMedenlday the wind tame large at Noꝛthealt. 
The z. being friday we gaue chaſe to another tal hip, but it was night before we ſpake W 


x 
8 


N RN RO es 


4 


1 s 
I. V. BI aT 


IN NY IA 


CT a 


ted in her: and the night grem darke ſodenly in fuchfope,chat we loſt fight both of che great Hip ¢ of our 
: confort allo, hauing thus in the darke loft our pmnetfe,¢ knowing our barke fo bad of faple that 
we could neither take nop leue, but were rather to be taken oz left of euctp ſhip we met, we made 

our courſe for the Ille of Madera, hoping there to find our pinneſſe abiding fo) vs. 
elinered n The fame vap following being the J. of Pay we ſpake wa man of warre of Rochel of 60. tons, 
he plane 4 very wel manned ¢ bꝛauely appointed being bound, as be ſaid fo? Peru: hauing hailed ech other, 
be ſent we parted frindly in out ward chem, giuing ech other a voley of ſhot ¢ a great piece: but neuerthe⸗ 
o wrote leg we ſuſpected p which followed: oz this Rocheller hauing také perkect view of dur hip. men, 
bis Gaaa 2 odinance, 


9 * „ * eye 
‘ : * 1 
„ n oN N Y ED. , gr Le . 8 „ l , en Ii, e *. „ „ 


773 The voyages and diſcoueries The fupply intended 


opdinance, towards euening fell on ſterne ol vs:and aſſoone as it was Darke left bs, and recusnes 
to his conſoꝛt which was a tal Hip of 100. tonne lying then on hull to weather of vs out ol ken, 
hauiug 8.4. men in her, whereof 30. were ſmal ſbot, and 12. muſkets, and in the hip 10. peetes of 
oꝛdinance. This ſhip being this night certiſted by her conſogt that viewed vs, ol what lozce we 
were and how bad of ſaple, this greater hip tooke in 20. of the chieleſt men that were in the ſma 
let thip,and pꝛeſently gaue vs chale. 4. 3 

The next moꝛning ree Mondapanuche 6. of Pap, we eſcried them in the weather of vs, ſo 
that it was in vaine to ſeeke by flight, but rather by figbe to helpe our ſelues. The fame day about 
2. of the clocke in the afternoone they were come with vs. Me hapled them, but they would not 
anſwere. Then we waued them to leewardes of va, and they waued vs with a ſwoꝛd amapne, fit. 
ting their fatles to clappe vs abooꝛd, which we perceining gaue them one whole fide: with one of 
our great thot their Batter gonners ſhoolder mas ſtroken away, and our Maſter gonner witha 
{mai bullet was ſhot into the head. Being by this time grappled and aboo)d each of other the fiche 
Continued without ceaſing one houre and a halfe. In which ight were hurt ¢ llaine on both Gives 
23. ok the chiefeſt men, hauing mos of them ſome 6,02 8. woundes, and lome 10,0) 1 2, woundes. 
Being thus hurt and ſpoiled they robbed vs of all our victuals, powder, weapons and, zouillon, 
fauing a final quantity of biſhuit to ſerue vs ſcarce for England. Dur Maſter and bis Mate were 
deadly wounded, ſo that they were not able to come forth of their beds. I my lelfe was wounded 
twile in the head, once with a ſwozd, and another time with a pike, and burt allo in the five of the 
buttoke with a ſhot. Thee of our paſſengers were hurt alſo, whereof one had 1.0.0) 12. woundeg 
our Maſter hurt in the face with a pike and thzuſt quite though the head. Being thus put to our 
clofe fights,and alſo much peſtred with cabbens and vnſeruiceable folkes we could not ſtirre to 
handle our weapons nop charge a piece: againe bauing {pent all the powder in our flafkes and 
charges which we had pꝛeſent fo} our defence, they cut Downe our netting aud entred do many of 
their men as could and vpon our poope and ſaꝑecaſtle, from whence they playd extreemely vvon 
vs with their thor, As thus we food reſolued to die in fight, the Captaine of the Frenchmencricd 
to vs to peld and no ſozte ſhould be offred. But after we had pelved, they knowing fo many of 
their beſt men to be hurt and in danger of ppefent death, began to groin into a new furit, in which 
they would haue put vs to the ſwoꝛd had nat their Captaine charged them, and perſuaded them 
to the contrary. Being at length pacifien they fell on all andes to rifling and carping abend all 
the next day vntil 4. of the clock: at which time by ouer greedy lading both their s wne boate and 
ours, they ſunke the one and ſplit the other bp the chips five: by meanes whereof they left vs two 
cables and ankers, all our oꝛdinance and moft part of aur ſailes, which other wiſe bad ben taken as 
wap alſo. Furthermope they doubting the wind would ar iſe, and night at hand, ¢ a tal ſbip al that 
day by meanes of the calme in ſigbt, chey came abooꝛd vs with their ſhip, and tooke in their men 
that were in vs, who left vs not at their departing any thing woꝛth the carping away. Being thus 
ranlacked and vſed as is afozefaid in all ſots, we determined (as our beſt ſhift in fo hard a calc) to 
returne foz England, and cauſed all our able and vnhurt men, to fal to newe ringing & mending 
our ſailes, tacklings, and ſuch things as were ſpilled in our light. By this octaſion, Gon iuſtlp pus 
niſhing our former theeuerie of our euil deſpoled mariners, we were of force cdftrained to beak 
ofour voyage intended koꝛ the reliefe of our Colonp left the pere befoze in Virginia, and thefame 
night to ſet our courſe for England, being then about 50. leagues to the Noꝛtheaſt of Madera, 

The 7. of May being Aednelday in the kozenoone the wind came large at Caf noꝛtheaſt and 
we haled off as farre weit and by noꝛth as we could vntill the 10. ol Map, fearing to meete with a 
ny moze men of warre, foꝛ that we had no maner of weapons left vs. 

The 11. the wind larged moe. and thence forth we continued our due tourſe for England. 

The 17. ol Pap we thrutt our ſelues weſt of Vſſhant, ¢ founded, but kound no ground at 1189 
fathoms, The lame dap at night we founded againe, and found ground at 80. fathomg. 

The 20. being Sondap we fell with the coaſt of Ireland. 

The 21. in the foꝛenoone we ſaw the Noꝛtbſide of Coꝛnewal at the lands end. 

The 22. ol May we tame to an anker betweene Lundap and Harting point neere onto Cha 
nell key, where we road vntill the next tyde, and thence we put auer the barre, and the lame day 
landed at Bideford. 

Our other pinnefle whole company we had lott befoze the laſt cruel! Gabe, returned alfo ome 
into Coꝛnwall within fewe werkes after our arriual, without perfoyming our entended voyage 
fou che reliefe of the planters in Virginia, which thereby were not a litle niftreflen, 

: The 


t 


McA dri. 


The Lett 
Adri 


A 
woplde, none ok o 
knowen, e freqy 
der ations aforefa 
of our grace eſpe 
theſe prefents for 
authozitie to the 
and to thoſe his 2 
ed, and to their he 
at any time op ti 
without let, inter 
tion, patent, chart 
ny maner of mea 
Realmes, Dom 
Territozies, Ses 
maner of other p 
ward, is ta be bp t 
age, and paſlage, 
tie oʒ bur then, wi 
mour, weapons, c 
map be requilite, 
trarie thereof not 
and his fapd affoc 
of euery of his fa 
their reſiance in a 
uers, Portes, Ba 
ties, profites ant 
maner of patuile 
peeldirg and pa} 
and ſiluer oare,p 
bert and his ſayd 
dz! anp of them fh 
by vs, our heires 
Plymmouth. at! 
ſayd heires and a 
marchandizes w 
mozeouer, we ha 
fucceffors, of oui 
authozize the fap 
af(ignes and eue 
ries, Seas, Niuc 
Gylbert oꝛ his ai 
diſcouered andtt 
lited, frequented 
licente in wꝛitin 
for euer, oꝛ by th 
one ok them, that 


{A 
V 


er Nee N. 


OPN Tn 4 
The Letters patents of the Queenes Maieſtie, graunted to Matter 


Adrian Gylbert and others for the fearch and difcouerie of the 
Northweſt Paſſage to China, 


Lizabeth by the grace of Gov of England, Fraunte, y Ire land Queene, 
defender ol the fayth, ec. To all, cowhome thtſe pꝛeſents thall come, 
greeting: Fozalmuch as our truſtie and welbeloued ſubtect Adrian 
Y Gylbert of Sandpidgein the Countie of Deuon, Gentleman, to his 


ded 


turned 
ok ken, 
eces of 


1 * 
VN. AN 


L 


— 
f J * 
4 Am ee A, 


ce we 
be finas 


v f bs, ſo 
pabout 


75 we 


— 


he 


— — 
ff, 


7 
uid nac ) Great coltes and charges, hath greatly ¢ earucſily trauailed and fought, a 
apne, fit au rey: and pet Doth trauel ꝶ ſeeke, æ bp diuers meanes indeuoureth laboureth, 7. 
) one of that the Paſlage vnto China ¢ the Fes of Molluccas, bp the . Nozthwell⸗ 34 
r with a e ber a de Nozthwarde, vnto which part o pa; tes of the Pass’ 
the fighe woplde, none of our Lopall ſubiecis haue hitherto had anp traffike 0} trade, map be diſcouered, | eps 
th ſibes knowen, e frequented by the fubiects of this our Realme:ktnow pe therefoze that for the confis { 7. 4 
undes. der ations afopefayd ¢ fox diuers other good conſiderations vs thertunto fpecially mouing, Cie * 
duillon, of our grace eſpeciall, certaine knowledge, and meere motion, haue giuen and graunted, and by pie > 
ite were theſe pꝛeſents fo; vs, our heires and Cucceflos,voe giue and graunt free libettie, pober, and full 2 
bounded authonitie co the fapd Adrian Gylbere , ¢ to any other perſon by bim 02 his heires to be alligned, 7 i 
: of the and to thoſe his Alſociates and aflitants, whole names are witten in a ledule hereunto annex. * 4 
oundeg ed, and to their heires, and to one affignec okeche of them, and ech of their heires at all times,and {i Sg 
to our at any time op times after the date of theſe pꝛeſents, vnder our Banners and Enlignes freelp, 1 pS 
irre to without let, interruption, oz reftraint of vs, our heires on ſucceſſoys, any lawe, ſtatute, pꝛoclama⸗ 7 
es and tion, patent, charter, oz pꝛouiſo to the contrary notwithtanding, to laple, make voyage, and by a> | 4 * 
Many of ny maner of meanes to paile and to depart oat of this our Realme of Englande , oz any our | 
Ip byon Reales, Dominions , o; Cerritopies into alloy anp Iles, Countries, Regione, rouinees, har 
encrien Cerritozies, Deas, Riuers, Poztes, Bapes, Creekes, armes of the Dea, and all Hauens, and all a, 
pany of maner of other places whatfoeucr, that by the ſayd Mopehwelward, Noztheaſtward, 0} Noth PS 
a wbich ward, is to be by him, his affociates 02 aſſignes difcouered,and fo, and in the fapde ſapliug, vop⸗ ted 
d them age, and paſlage, to haue and vle fo many ſhips, Barke, Pinneſſes, o; other veſſels of any quanti- 6 
6090 all tie op burthen, with all the furniture of men, victuals, and all maner of neceſſarp pꝛouiſion, are 7 
ate and mour, weapons, opdinance, targets, and appurtenances whatſoeuer, as to ſuch a bopage (hall sp “<< 
vs two may be requifice conucnicne or commodious, anp lawe, Ratute, ordinance 02 pꝛouiſo to the con: 5s 
taken as trarie thereof notwithſtanding. And alſo we doe giue and graunt to the lapde Adrian Gylbert, 2 27 
pal that and his fayd alſociates, and to fuch allignee of him, e bis heires, and to the heires & one allignee | 88 
eir men of euery of his layde alſociates fo, euer, full power and abſolute authopttte to trade and make | > ‘ 
ng thus their reſiance in anp of the ſayd Iles, Countries, Regions, Prouinces, Territories, Seas, Rie | | 4 ip 
cafe) to uers, Poꝛtes, Bayes, and Hauens, and all maner of other places whatſoeuer, wich all commodi 98 
ending ties, pꝛolites, and emoluments in the ſayd place oꝛ any of them, growing and ariſing, with all 79 * 
iſtly pus 8 maner of pꝛiuileges, pꝛerogatiues, iurifvictions and ropaltics both bp (ca and land whatſoeuer, | eee 
10 byeak | peelding and paping therefope vnto vs, our beires and ſutceſſoꝛs the tenth part of all ſuch golde = 
be lame and ſiluer oare, pearles, iewels, and pꝛecious ſtones, oꝛ the value thercof,as the ſayd Adrian Gyl- | p> 
adera, bert and his ſapd alſociates, their heires and aſlignes, ſeruants, fattoꝛs, o; woꝛhemen, and euery 12 5 
eaſt and oz any of them thall finde, the layd tenth to be deliuered duely to our Cuſtomer, oz other officers ik 3 
with a by vs, our heir es op ſucceſſoꝛs thereunto affigned, in the Portes of London, Dartmouth, oz , 
Plymmouth. at which thꝛee places onely the app Adrian Gylbert, and his ſapd affociates,cheit 
and. fapd heires and aſlignes, ſhall lade, charge, arriue, and diſcharge all maner of warts, goods, and 
at 119 marchandizes whatfocuer to the ſapd vopage, and newe trade belonging oꝛ appertaining. And 
mozeouer, we haue giuen, graunted, and authozized, and by theſe prefents for vs, our heires and 
ſucceſſozs, of our grace eſpeciall, certaine knowledge, and mecre motion, doe giue, graunt, and 
N authoꝛiʒe the fapp Adrian Gylbett, and his (apd aſſociates fo euer their heires, and their ſapde 
o Cha affignes and euery of them, that if the afoyefapn e ee e e 
me bay ries, Seas, Riucrs, Poztes, Bayes, oz Pauens, oz any other of the pꝛemiſles by the ſayd Adrian 
Gylbert oꝛ bis alſoctates, their heires and their loyd aſſignes, oꝛ any of them to be found by heh 
o home Difcouercd andtrafliked vnto by any trade as afozefapde , ſhall be by any other our ſubietts v 
vopage fited, frequented haunted, traded vnto op inhabited by the wapes aforefapD, without the fpeciall 
ucence in writing of the ſayd Adrian Gylbert and bis allociateg, and their hetres and ee 0 
fop euer, o; by the mol part of them. (a that the ſayd Adrian Gylbert, bis heires o 1 ge ; 1 
The one ok them, that then alwell their hippe, oꝛ ones * re {uch vopage oz bopages bfed,a 5 


N ! 5 5 ‘ 
„ ONE ire 4 . AM. I . 


—— A SSN ren, 
775 The voyages and diſcoueries Adrian ¶ilb. Pat. 


and ſingular their goods, wares, and marchandiʒes, oꝛ anp other things whatſoeuer, from oʒ to as 
ny of the places aloeſaid tranſpoꝑted, that ſo thal pʒeſume to viſit, frequent, haunt, trade vnto, oꝛ 
inhabite, chalbe fopfaited and conliſcated, ipſo facto, the one balfe of the fame goods and marchane 
dizes, oz other things whatſoeuer, oz the value thereof to be to the vfe of vs, our heires 07 ſuctel 
ſours, and the other moytie thereof to be to the wie of the ſaid Adrian Gylbert, and bis ſaid affoci. 
ates, their heires and affignes (op euer: and vnto the Cad Adrian Gylbert and bis ſaid aſſociates, 
their heires and aſlignes wee impoſe, giue, aſſigne, create and confirme this name peculiar 
to be named by, to ſue and to be ſued by, that is to wit, by the name of the Colleagues of the fel 
lowfhip fo the diſcouerie of the Mozthweſt paſſage, and them for vs, our heires and ſucccſſours 
by that name doe incoꝛpoꝛate, and do erect and create as one body toꝛpozate to haue continuance 
for euer. Poxeouer vnto the ſapd Adrian Gylbert, and his ſapd aſſociates, and vnto their heires 
and their {app aſſignes fo, euer, by name of the Colleagues of the fellowſhip, fo, the diſcouerie 
of the Moꝛthweſt pallage, we haue giuen, graunted, x confirmed, and dot by theſe prefenes giue, 
graunt, and confirme full power and authopitie from time to time, and at all times hereafter, to 
make oꝛder, decree, and enact, conſtitute and oꝛdeine, and appoint all fuch ozdinanccg, oꝛders de⸗ 
crees, lawes, and acts, as the ſayd newe cozpoꝛation 0) body pollitique, Colleagues of the felows 
fhip foꝛ the diſcouerie of the Rozthwelt pallage, thal thinke mer te, nete ſſary, c conuenient, ſo that 
they oz any of them be not contrary to the lawes of this realme, ot this our pꝛeſeut graunt. 

And wee by out Royall pꝛerogatiue, and fulneſſe of our authozitie of our grace elpeciall, cere 
taine knowledge and mecre motion, doe eſtabliſh, confirme and ratifie all {uch optinances , or 
ders, decrees, lawes and acts to be in fo full and great power and authopitie,as we, our heires oz 
ſutteſſours map o; can in any {uch cafe graunt, confirme, oz ratiſie. And further fop the bettet ine 
touragement of our louing ſubiects in this diſcouerie, wee by our Royall prerogatiuc, and 
fulneſle of authozitie for vs, our beires and ſucceſſdurs, doe gine, graunt, eſlablich, confirme, oy 
deine, ratiſie and allowe by theſe pꝛeſents, to the layd Adrian Gylbert and to bis aſſociates, and 
to the heires and allignes of them and euery of them fo2 euer, and to all other perfor oz perſons 
ol our louing ſubiects wbatſoeucr that (hall hereafter trauell, ſaple, diſcouer, oz make voyage 
as afqʒeſapd to any the Iles, Maine lands, Countries oz Territozits whatſocuer, by vertue of 
this our graunt ta be diſcouered, that the heires and aſſignes of them and euerp ok them being 
bozne within any of the Ales, Paine lands ¢ Countries, o; Cerritopics whatſoeuer before mene 
tioned , ſhall haue aud iniop all the priutleges of free Denipens, as perſons natiue boꝛne within 
this our Realme of England, oz within our allegiance fop euer, in ſuch like ample maner and 
fozme, as if they were oz had bene bozne and per ſonally reſiant within our ſayde Realme , any 
lawe, ſtatute, pꝛoclamation, cuſtome op vſage to the contrarie hereof in anp wile notwithſtan⸗ 
ding. Mozeouer, forthe conſideration afozeſapde by vertue hereof, wee give and graunt bnte 
the ſapde Adrian Gylbert , bis beires and aſſignes fo; euer, free libertie, licence and pꝛiuilege, 
that during the {pace of ſiue peeres next ¢ immediatly enſuing che date hereof, it Mal not be laws 
full fo: any perfon oꝛ perſons whatſoeuer, to vifite, haunt, frequent, trade, oz make vopage to 
any Iles, Mainelands, Countries, Regions, Bꝛouinces, Territozies, Seas, Niuers, Portes, 
Bapes, and Hauens, no; to any other Hauens oz places whatſoeuer hitherto not pet diſtouered 
by any of our ſubiects by vertue of this graunt to be traded vnto, without the ſpeciall confene 
and good liking of the ſayd Adrian Gylbert, his heires 02 alſignes firſt had in witing. And il 
any perfon 02 perſons of the alſociates of the ſapde Adrian, his heires 02 aſſignes, 02 any a- 
ther perfon oz perſons whatſoeuer, free of this dilcouerie, ſhall doe any act oz acts contrary to the 
tenour and true meaning hereok, during the ſpace of the ſayde ſiue peeres, that then the partie 
and parties fo offending, they and their beives foz euer Chall looſe (ipſo ſacto) the benelite and 
priutlege of this our graunt, and ſball ſtand and remaine to all intents and purpoſes as perfons 
exempted out of this graunt: And further by vertue hereof, we giue cc graunt for vs, our heires 
and ſucceſſours at all times during the {pace of fiue peeres next enſuing the date hercof, free lis 
bertie and licence, and full authopitic to the ſayd Adrian Cylbert, and his heires and affignes, 
that if it Hall happen anp one oz moe in any ſhippe oꝛ ſhippes ſayling on their layde voyage, to 
become mutinous, ſeditious, diſoꝛderly, oʒ any way vnrulp ts the pꝛeiudice op hinderance of the 
hope foz ſutceſſe in the attempt oꝛ profecuting of this difcoucric oʒ trade intended, to vſe oz exe⸗ 
cute bpon him oꝛ them fo offending, ſuch puniſhment, coprection, op exe tution as the cauſe (hall 
be found in iuſtice to require by the verdit of twelue of the companie lwozne thereunto, as in 
ſuch a caſe appertaineth: That expꝛeſſe mention of the certainetie of the pꝛemiſes, op ot other 
giftes oz graunts by bs to the ſapde Adrian Gylbert and his aſſotiates betoꝛe this time made 
is not mentioned in theſe pꝛelſents, o any other lawe, act, ſtatute, pꝛouiſo, graunt, o; Maul 

ion 


4d. Fobn ‘I 
tion heretofore m 


In witneſſe wh 
at Meſtminſter, 


The firſt 


fo; neceſſar ie ſh 
Che ſetting foo; 
M. William San 
uaile which was 
vnto the reſt of th 
the arte of Mauig 
Thus therefor 
uenth ok June, t 
the one being ok; 
named the Moon 
are theſe followi 
mate, John Jane 
Walter Arthur, | 
William Dicke “ 
Chriftopher Gor 
The Mooneſſ 
Mariners. 
The 7. of Fur 
our victuals. 
The 8. day the 
where we remain 
The 13. che w 
The 14. with 
Che 15. we de 
The 18. we w 
Sylley: here the 
and J went abou 
all the Jlands, xc 
thereunto conue 
The 28. in G 
The 29. bery 
The zo. ogg 
The lirſt of J. 
and hoe twiſe oz 
wound him into 
The 2. we ha 
The 3. we ha 
that they burſt ot 
ſter ſhot at them 
the barres of the 
all would not pʒ 


Pat. Aud. Fobn Daus. 1. of the Engliſh nation. 776 


— ————— 
10} toa tion heretoſode madd oy hereafter to be made to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithſlanding. 
vnto, oz In wieneſſe whereof, we haue cauled theſe dur Letters to be made patents: CClucnefle our lelle 
e at Meſtminſter, the fire dap of Febzuarie, in the fire and twentie peere of our Reigne, 

j ſuctel. 


a The firſt voyage of Maſter lohn Dauis, vndertaken in lune 


peculiar 158 5. for the Diſcouerie of the North weit Paffage, 
the fel. Written by lohn lanes Marchant, ſeruant to the 
ccſſours worſhipfull M. William Sanderſon. 


inuance et Pr MASS Crta.ne Honourable perfonages and wozthy Gentlemen of the Court 
r beires 4 . and Couutrey, with diuers woyſbipfull Marchants of London and or 
ſcouerie y „ the (ick Countrep, mooued with defire to aduance Godg gloyy and 
ts giue, f ls ſteke the good of their natiue Countrey, conſulting together uf the 
after, to ¢ clo Sand copy telibood of the Diſtouerie of the Mopehwett pallage, which heretofore 
ders de. f Ta, had bene attempted, but mee giuen ouer bp accidents vnlooked 
e felow⸗ 8 ; fop, which turned theenterppifers from their principal purpoſe, refols 
t, ſo that — 2 e a wed after good deliberation, to put Downe their aduentures to pouide 
int. fo; neceſſar ie ſhipping, and a fit man to be chiefe Conductour of this fo hard an entcrppife, 
all, cere Che ſetting foopeh of chis action was committed by the aduenturers , efpecially tothe care of 
tes, Oe M. William Sanderfon archant of London, who was fo foyward therein, that befives his tras 
eires oz uaile which was not ſmall, hee became the greateſt aduenturer with bis purſe, and commended 
etter its vnto the reſt of the company one . John Dauis,aman very well grounded in the principles of 
uc, and 8 the arte of Mauigation, fo Captaine and chiefe Pilot of this explopt. 
rine, op. Thus cherefore all things being put in a readines , wee departed from Dartmouth the le. 
tes, and uenth of June, towards the diſcouerie of the afoyefapd Nofthweſt paſſage, with two Barks, 
perfons : the one being of 50, tunnes named the Sunnethine of London, and the other being 35.cunnes, 
vopage named the Pooneſhine of Dartmouth. In the Sunneſhine we had 23. perſons, whofe names 
ertue of f are theſe following, M. lohn Dauis Captaine, William Eſton Malter, Richard Pope Mallets 

being ö mate, Iohn Iane Marchant, Henry Dauie gunner, William Croffe boatfwapne, lohn Bagge, 
de mene Walter Arthur, Luke Adams, Robert Coxworthie, Iohn Ellis, John Kelly, Edward Helman, 
e within William Dicke Andrew Maddocke, Thomas Hill, Robert Wats Carpenter, William Ruſſel, 
ner and Chriftopher Gorney bop: lames Cole, Francis Ridley, lohn Ruſſel, Robert Corniſn, Muſitians. 
e, any The Mooneſhine had 19. perſons, William Bruton Captaine, Iohn Ellis Waker, the rett 
vithſtan⸗ Mariners, 

nt vnto The 7. of June the Captaine and the Malter dꝛewe out a propoytion fo) the continuance of 
tuilege, our victuals. 

be law⸗ The 8. day the winde being at Southwell and Ciefk ſouthweſt, wee put in for Falmonth, 
page to where we remained vntill the 13. 
Boßtes, The 13. the winde blewe at Mozth, and being fayre weather we departed. 
couered The 14. with contrarie winde we were foꝛced to put into Sylley. 

tonſent Che 15. we departed thence, hauing the winde North e by Catt moderate and fapze weather. 
And il Che 15. we were dꝛiuen backe againe, and were conſtrained to arriue at newe Gꝛymſbie at 
2 any a. Oylleyꝛhere the winde remained contrary 12. dayes, and in that {pace the Captaine, the Matter 
to the and J went about all che Jlands, and the Captaine did platte out and deſcribe the lituation of 
e partie all the Jlands, rockes and harbopoughs to the exact ble of Nauigation, with lynes and ſcale 
ite and thereunto conuenient. 

erſons The 28. in Gods name we departed the winde being Eaſterly, but calme, aun I 
heires : The 29. bery foggie. mer 
free li⸗ The zo. koggie. ; 

Ines, The lirſt of July we ſawe great Moye of Poꝛpoſes, The Matter called for an harping pow, Au. 
ge, to and ſhat twiſe oz thyiſe:ſometimes he miſſed, and at laſt thot one and ftrooke hun in the fide, and 
ok the : wound him into che ſhippe: when we had him aboꝛde, the Patter ſayd it was a darlie head. 

0} exe⸗ g The 2. we had ſome of the ſiſh ſodden, and it did cate as fweete as any mutton. 

ſe ſhall The 3. we had more in ſigbt, and che Patter went to ſboote at them, but they were ſo great, 
„ as in that they burſt our prong, and we Loft both liſh, pons, paltime and all: pet neuertheleſſe, the Pa⸗ 
pf other lier thot at them with a pike, and had welnigh gotten one, but he was lo trong that be burt off 
ne made the barres of the pike and went away: then bee tooke the boat hooke, and hit one with that, but 
clama ; all would not pꝛeuaile, ſo at length we let them alone. che 


1 


“A > Sa 4 ° 8 


5 
Sr N 


, 
1 
. MN 


Lm 
— 


. SANIT te 


5 5 
NN 
IN A 8 


> 


. 


a 2 


U oat 
Ni me > 


aan 


TAT RK 
* 


Ren 
eA. 


MW RWIS 7 
N. NY eis 


a 


„ XXV. “i 


a 
aI 


tion 


A 


. 


Che rauling of 
the pre toges 
ther made a 
great rearing. 


Pee turned ins 
to water. 


Thre land of 
Delotation, 


Werp blacke 
water, 


Floting wood 


Colde bp reas 
fonof pce, 


Chen Cavle 
oithweſt⸗ 
ard about 

foure Bapes. 


The voyages and diſcoueries AA. ohn Danis. 


The lire we (awe a very great Alhale, and euerp day after we {awe TAhales continually. 

The 16.17. 18. we ſawe great ope of IAhales. 

The 19. of July we fell into a great whirling and hꝛuſtling of a tyde, ſetting to the Nojth⸗ 
wards: and lapling about halle a league wee came into a very calme Sea, which bent to the 
Souch ſouthweſt: Here we heard a mighty great roaring of the Sea as if it had bene the beach 
of ſome ſhoare, the apge being ſo foggie and full of thicke miſt, that wee could not fee the one thip 
from the other being a very (mall diſtance aſunder: ſo the Captaine and the Maſter being in di: 
ſtruſt howe the tyde might fet them, cauſed the Mooneſhine to hoyſe out her boate and to found, 
but they could not finde ground in 300. lathoms and better. Then the Captaine, Paſter, and J 
went towards the beach, to ſee what it ſhould be, giuing charge to our gunners that at euery 
glalſe they ſhould ſpoote off a muſket thot, to the intent we might keepe our ſelues from looſing 
them: Then connning nere to the beach, we met many Jlands of pre floting, which had quickly 
tompaſſed vs about:then we went vpon ſome of them and did perceiue that all the roaring which 
we heard, was tauſed onely by the rouling ofthis yce together: Dur tampanp ſceing vs not to 
returne acco,ding to our appointment. left off hooting muſkets, and began to ſhoote faukonets, 
for they feared ſome miſhap had befallen vs, but before night we came aboꝛde againe with our 
boat laden with yce, which made very good freſh water, Then wee bent our cour le towarde the 
Noꝛth, hoping by that meanes to double the land. 

The 20. as we (apled along the coaſt the forge brake vp, and wee diſcouered the land, which 
was the moſt deſoꝛmed rocky and mountainous land that cuer we ſawe: The firk fight where⸗ 
ol did ſhewe as if it had bene in forme of a {ugar loafe, ſtanding to our fight aboue the cloudes, 
for that it did ſhewe ouct the kogge like a white litte in the ſkye, the cops altogether couered with 
fuowe, and the ſhoare be ſet with pee a league off into the Sea, making ſuch vꝛkſome noyſe as 
that it ſeemed to be the true patterne of deſolation, and after the fame our Captaine named it, 
The land of Deſolation. N 

The 21. the winde came Moꝛtherly and ouerblewe, fo that we were conſtrained to bend our 
tourſe South againe, fo; we perceiued that we were runne into a very deepe Bay, where wee 
were almoſt compaſled with pee, fo; we (awe very much toward the Noth noꝛtheaſt, Tick and 
Southweſt: and this day and this night we cleared our ſelues of the pce, running South louth⸗ 
weſt along the Hoare, 

Upon Thur ſdap being the 22. of this moneth, about three of the clocke in the mozning, wee 
hoyſed aut our boate, and the Captains with fire ſaylers went towards the ſhoare, thinking to 
find a landing place, foꝛthe night before we did percdiue the coaſt to be voide of pce to our iudge⸗ 
ment, and the fame night we were all perlwaded that wee had ſeene a canoa rowing along the 
ſboare, but after wards we fell in ſome doubt ofit, but we had no great reafon fo to doe. The Cape 
taine rowing towards the ſhoare, willed the Maſter to beare in with the land after him, and bes 
fore he came neere the (hore by the (pace of a league, oꝛ about two miles, bee found fo much pee, 
that he could not get to land by any meanes. Pere our mariners put to their lines to (ee if they 
could get an ſiſh, becaule there were fo many ſeales vpon the toaſt, and the birds did beate vpon 
the water, but all was in vaine: The water about this coat was very blacke and thicke, like to 
a filthy ſtanding poole, we founded and had ground in 1 20. fathoms. TAhile the Captaine was 
rowing to the ſhoare, our men lawe woods vpon the roc ks like to the rocks of Newfoundland, 
but J could not diſcerne them, yet it migbt be ſo very well: for we had wood floting vpon the 
coaſt euerp dap, and the Mooneſhine tooke vp a tree at Sea not farre from the coat being ſixtie 
foote of length and kourteene handfuls about, hauing the roote vpon it: After, the Captaine 
tame aboꝛde the weather being very talme and fayze we bent our tourſe toward the South, with 
intent to double the land. 

The 23. we coaſted the land which did lye Catt noꝛtheaſt and ett ſouthweſt. 

The 24. ehe winde being verp faire at Eat, we coated the land which did lie Eaſt # Ciel, 
not being able to come necre the ſhoare by reaſon of the great quantitie of pce, At this place, be⸗ 
tauſe the weather was ſome what colde by reaſon of the pee, c the better to encourage our men, 
their alowance was increafed: The Captaine and the Matter tooke oꝛder that euery meſſe bes 
ing fine perſons, ould haue halle a pound ok bꝛead and a kan of beere euery mozning to breaks 
fat, The weather was not very colde, but the apze was moderate like to our Apꝛil weather in 
England: when the winde came from the land oz the pee it was ſome what colde, but when it 
tame off the fea it was very bette, 

The 25. of this moneth wee departed from fight of tbis land, at fire of the clacke in the mo · 
ning, diretting our courte to the ozthwellwarde, hoping in Gods mercy to finde our 110 
vallage, 


AM. Fohn 1 


pallage, and fo cor 

Che 29. ok Fu 
from vs. Cie w 
take ſome vewe o 
neere the coaſt, w 
into the land, whe 
Were hauiag mop 
fop water and we 
a ſmall choe and 
Beuer. Theuwe 
the Maſter aud J 
pied vs, made a la 
hear nig them, tha 
like wile cryed. N 
Canoa about a fi 
partly ta marne c 
others of their cu 
from our chippe, 
fie to allure the p 
dauntcing, and m 
ther Jlands, aun 
the other being u 
the thꝛoate, and 0 


imbpacings and 
hande, would pre 
times, before he u 
appointed ta vſe 
ted to the ſunne a 
and one of them c 
other things as tl 
dancing. Do the. 

The next mo} 
ling to vs to com 
vp ta the top of th 
ſeales ſkinne, an 
king a nopſe like 
ſlaping in their C 
by the ſunne after 
kiſſed my hand, a 
on this ſingle acq 
them: we bought 
ſkinnes: their bu 
that we were full 
of buſkins of the 
ſkinnes with chet 
and thicke thong 
found in them th 
ked of them, and 
of an other: fo) u 
way betweene tl 
double dealing, 
Adolaters and to 

During the ti 
both fire, ſpꝛuſe 
where we found. 
diſcouered, we ki 
wert, becauſe the 
gaue them to vs 


Sv NUT RS GCA NT AK 
i : io NY 


auis. M. John Daus. of the Engliſh nation. 778 
ually. pallage, and fo continued aboue foure Dapes, 5 
The 29. ol July, we diſcouered land in 64. degrees 15. mi. of latitude, bearing Northeaſt Sandin 64. 

Mozth⸗ from va. Ce winde bei ag concrarp to goc to the Noꝛthmeſt war ds, we bare in with this land to “see 13. . 
nt to the : take fome vetur of it, being vtcerlpvoyde of the peſter of pce, and bery temperate. Comming 
ye hꝛcach neere the coalt, we found many faye founds c good roads for ſbipping, and many great inlets 
one ſhip into che lond, where by wre iudged this land, to be a great number of Ilands Landing together. 
g in dis Here hauing moped our barke in good opver, we went on fhoarebpon a mall Iſlande, to ſeeke 
ofound, fop Water and wood. Upon this Alland we did percciue that there bad bene people: for we found Tpe ſounde 
er, and Z a ſmall Hoe and pirces of leather ſowed with line wes, and a piece of furre, and wool like to wöere aur 
at euery Btuer. Then we went pon another Alland on the orberfive vf our Mips: And the Captamne Bas ade 
Hoofing the Maſter and J. being gut vp tu the cop of an high rocke, the people of che country hauing ef eae ag 
quickly pied vs, made a lamentable noyſe, as me thought, with great outcryes and ſkrecchings: wee 2 
g whieh Hearing them, choughe it had bene the howling ol wolues, At lak J hallowed againe, and they 
vs not to Ake wile rryed. Then we perccuingwhere then food, ſome on the ſhoare, and one rowing in a 
honets, Canoa about a final land fat by them, we made a great noyſe partly to allure them to vs, and 
vith out partly to warne aur company of them. CUAhereupon M. Bron, and the matter of his hip with 
arde the others of their cumpany, made great halte towards vs, and ʒought our Muſiciaus with them Mugtiana. 

from our chippe, purpoſing either bp force ta reſcue va, i neede ſhauld fo require, oꝛ with curtes 
d, which fie to allure che people. MAhentbey came vnto vs, we canted our Muſitians to play, our ſelues 
t where. l daunting, and making mauy ſignes of frienoſhip. At length chere came 10. Canoas from the o⸗ 
loudes, ther Slands,anvcwo of hem came foncere the ſboare where we were,chat theytalked with vs, Ted of 
red with the other being in their boats a pꝛetie way off. Their pronounciation was very hollow through came and cone 
noyſe as the chꝛoate, and their {peach fuch as we could not vnderſtand: oncly we allured them bp friendly inen. ud our 
amed it, imbꝛacings and ſignes of curteſie. At length om of them poynting vp to the ſunne with his 

bande, would pꝛeſently ſtrike his bꝛeſt fo hard, that we might here the blowe. This he dio many 
end our times, befope he would any wap truſt vs. Then John Ellis the matter of the Mooneſhine, was 
ere wee appointed table his beſt policie to gaine their friendſbippe 2 von ſtrooke his byeatt and poyn⸗ 
Heft and ted to the ſunne after their oꝛder: which when be ho diuerſe tines done, they began to trut him, 
th Couch. and one of them came on ſhoare, to whome we thee our caps, ſtockings and gloues, and ſuch 

other things as then we had about va, plaping with our muſickt, and making ſignes okioy, and 5 — 
ng, wee dancing. So the night comming we bade them fareweell, and went abooꝛd our bar ks. 4 
iking to The next moʒning being the 20. of July, there came 3 7. Canoas rowing by our ſbippes, cal I 
n iudge⸗ g ling to vs to come on ſhoare: Cee not making any great hatte vnto them, one of them went 1 75 
long the vp ta the top ofthe rocke, and lept and daunted as they had done the day before, ſhewing vs a 1 
he Cap; ſeales ſkinne, and another thing made like a timbzel, which he did beate vpon with a ſticke, ma: N 
and bes king a nopſe like a ſmali dꝛumme.Ahereupon we manned our boats and came to them, they all Thetr muſick. A: > . 
uch pee, Maping in their Canoas: wee came to the waterſide where they were: and after we had woꝛne * * 
e if they by the ſunne after thrir fafhion, they did truſt vs. So J ſhodke hands with one of them, and hee f 5 : 
ate vpon Killed my hand, and we were very familier with them. Ne were info great credit with them vp: creat famitis N 2 
, like to on this lingle at quaintance, that wee could haue any thing they had. Cle bought flue Canoas of ges. I< 
rine was them: we bought their clothes from their backs, which were all made of ſeales Ching and birdes . 
undland, ſkinnes: theit buſkius, their hoſe, their gloues, all being commonly (owed and well dyt ſſed: fo 7 ; 
won che that we were fully perfinaded, that they haue diuers artificers among them. Mee had a poire 9 
ng ſixtie of buſkins of them full of fine wooll like beuer. Their apparell fo; beate, was made of birds * 
aptaine fhinnes with their feathers on them. Te ſawe among them leather dzeſſed like glouers leather, Aug 
uch, with and thicke thongs like white leather of a good length. Tee had of their darts and oares, and 

found in them that they would by no meanes diſpleaſe vs, dat would mine vs what ſoeuer we al 

ked of then and would be ſatiſũed with whatſoeuer we gaue them. They tooke great cave one 
elt, ol an other: fo when we had bought their boates, then two other woulde come and carie him a 
plare, be⸗ way betweene them that had ſoulde vs bis. They are a very tractable people, vopde of craft o 
ur men, double dealing, and eaſie ¢8 be bouche to anx tiuilitie oꝛ good oidet: but wer iudge them to bee 
neſſe bes Adolaters and to woꝛſhip the Sunne. * 
to bꝛeak · During the time of our above among theſe Hands, we found reasonable quantitie of wood, ers fonte 
ather in both firre, ſpꝛuſe and iuniper: which whither it came floting anv great din ance to theſe places ot i. 
when ie where we found it, oꝛ whither it grew in ſome great Allands necre the fame place bp vs not yet 

diſcouered, we know not. But wee iudge that it groweth chere further into the lande chen wer 
he mop: were, becaule che people had great ſtoye of darts ¢ cares, which they made none act empt of, but 
r befiret gaue them to vs fop (mall trifles, as poynts and pieces of paper, lee ſawe about this coatte 
pallage, marueilous 


* 


4 


ate eat te Wot) N V ae 


8 °C 0 5 
789 The voyages and diſcoueries M. John Danis, 
peti map maruetlous great aboundance of ſeales ſkulling together like ſkuls of imal fil, Nee found no 


trapne, i they freſh water among theſe Allanda, but only {now water, whereof we found greate pooles. The 


meanes 
w to uſe it. 


Molcouu 


cliffes mere al of (uch oare as M. Frobiſher bought from meta Incognita. IAlee had diuerte 


ſbewes of ſtudie o Mulkouie glaſle ſhining not altogether vnlike to Chꝛiſtal. Ale founde an 


Pate: une berbe growing vpon the rocks, whole fruite was [wette, full of red ioyce, x the ripe ones were 


Sojziuthes, 


Tan it 66. 


degre. 40. mi. 


like cozinths. Te found alſo birch ¢ willow growing like ſhrubs tom to the ground. Thele peos 
ple haue great ſtoꝛe of furs as we iudge. They made ſhewes vnto vs p 30. of this pꝛeient, which 
was the ſecond time of our being with them, alter they perceiurd we wauld haue (king, ¢furs, 
that they would goe into the country e come againe the next day with ſuch things as they hadt 
but this night the wind comming faire the Captaine e the maſter wild by no meanes detract 
the purpole of our diſcouerx. And fo the laſt of this maneth about4 the clacke in the mopning, 
in Gods name wee {et ſayle, and were al that day beralmed vpon the coaſte. N 

Che 1. of Auguſt we had a faire wind ¢ fo occeded towards the noꝛthweſt {op our difcoueie, 

Che 6. of auguſt we diſcouered land in 66. de. 40. nu. of lati: ude altogether ipo from 5 pefter 
of pcestwe ankered in a very faire rode, vnder a very naue mountjthecliffes wherof were as opis 
ent as gold. Chis mount was named mount Raleigh: the rode where our ſhips lap at anker was 
called Totnes Rode, The ſounde which did compaſſe the mount was named Exeter found: the 
foreland towards the Mozth, was called Dpers Cape. The foreland toward the ſouth was nas 
med Cape Malſingham. So ſoone as we were come to an anker in Totnes Rode vnder mount 
Raleigh, we efpied 4, white beares at the foote of the mount. It ſuppoſing them to bee goates 
oz wolues, manned our boats and went towarde them: but when wee came neere the ſboze, wee 
found them to be white beares of a monſtruous bigneſſe: we being dr ſirous of fret victual and 
the (pore, began to aſſault them, ę A being on land one of them came down the hi rigbt againſt 
me: m piece was charged with haileſhot and a bullet, A diſcharged my piece and hot him in the 
necke:hee roared a litle and tooke the water ſtraight making (mal account of bis hurt. Then we 
followed him tb our boate, ¢ killed him ww boare {peares,¢ two mage that night, Cle found no» 
thing in their mawes, but we iudged by their dung, that they ted bpon gralſe, becaule it appearen 
in al reſpects like the dung of an bople, wherein we might very plainely (ec the very ſtrawes. 

Che 7. we went on ſhoare to another beare which lap alnight vpon the top of an Illand vnder 
mount Raleigh, ę when we came vp to him be lap faſt a ſlcepe. I leue led at bis head, ¢ the ſlont 
of my peece gaue no lire, with chat he looked vp and laid don his head againe: then J (hot being 
charged with a. bullets and ſtrooke him in the head: he being but amazed fel backewardes. where 
vpon we ran al vpon m with bogefpeares and thuſt him in the bodie: pet for all that he grypt 
away our bozeſpeares and went tomards the water, and as he was going Downe he came backe 
againe. Then our maſter ſhot his bope(peare and ſtrooke bim in the head, and. made him to take 
the water, and wymme into a coue faſt bp, where we killed him and bought him aboꝛde. The 
Ineadth of bis fopefoote from one five to the other, was 14. ynches oucr. They were verp fat fo 


as we were conſtrapned to caſt the fat awap. Ve ſam a rauen vpon mount Raleigh Ce found 


withies alſo growing lowe like ſhrubs and flawers like pꝛimroſea in the ſayd place, The coaſt 
is very mountapnous, altogether without wood, graſſe 02 carth, and is only huge mountaines 
ol ſtone, hut the bꝛaueſt one that euer we ſawe. The ayze was very moderate in this country, 

The 8. we departed from mount Raleigh coaſting along the ſboart, which lyeth ſouth ſouth⸗ 
welt, and eaſt noꝛtheaſt. rene a 

Che 9. our men fel in dillike of their allowance, betauſe it was to ſmall as they thought, 
Thereupon we made a newe proportionseucrp meſſe being fiue to a meſſe ſhould haue 4. pound 
ol byeada day: 12. wine quarts of bere: 6. neweland fifhes : and the lleſh days a gill of peaſe 
moje: fo we reſtrayned them from their butter and cheeſe. 

The eleuenth we came to the molt loutherly cape of this lande, which we named the Cape ol 


Sods mercy: as being the place of our fir entrance for the diſcouery. The weather being very 


loggie we coaſted this Noꝛthland:at length when it bꝛake vp, we perceiued that we were Morte 
into a verp faye entrance oz paſlage, being in lome places 20, leagues bꝛoade, and in ſome 30. 
altogether voyde of anp peſter of yte, the weather very tollerable, and the water of the bery cour 
lour, nature and qualitie of the mapne ocean, which gaue vs the greater hope of our paſlage. tha: 
uing ſayled Noꝛthweſt ſirtie leagues in this entrance wee difcouercd certame Illandes fan: 
ding in the middeſt thereof, bauing open paſſage on both fives. Whereupon our ſbippes 
beuided themſelues, the one ſapling on the Ropehfine, the olber on the louthlide, of the fapde 
Alles, where wee Raped fine dapes hauing the winde at Boutheaſt very foggic and foule 


er. 
The 


A. John 7 


The 14. me wwe 
like a wall, and (a 
The 15. we he 
fore we went on f 
boate very gently 
killed two:and a 
them to be tame d 
taples: we found 
fleads made like c 
like inch boards: 
leds thꝛee beads 
4 The 1 7. we w 
ny final trifles, as 
ok bone, beads hal 
things. The coal 
marble full of vay 
ing ſteane and hib 
Our Captaine 
this place was al 
Secondly; the 
Thirdip we fa 
ged to tome from 
Alſo as we we 
tame, vpon the ſu 
the flood which w 
Filtly, in fay 
thoms,fapne gray 
fo that hard aboꝛd 
parts. ſo as we co 
The 18. and 1 
garde of their cre 
to make further 
The 20, che u 
for proceeding an 
Che 21. the w 
ſouth ſhoze we fat 
but Illands. 
The 23. of thi 
8 tonſtrapned to le 
fapꝛe ſound, and a 
manileſt ſigues o 
place we ſawe 4, 
iudged by the wi 
The 24. in th 
purpoſing by G. 
The 26, wer 
home wards, unt 
The 10, of S 
we could get ne 
the next dap: but 
ſigbt of the Moc 
Che 13. abou 
in two houres al 
Che 27. of th 
opme and loft t 
The 30. of & 
tome in not two 


atthe, 
Danis, 


found no 
les. The 
AD diuerſe 
founde an 
nes were 
Theſe peo. 
nt, which 
8, @ furs, 
they habt 
8 detract 
mozning, 


diſtoueie. 
ub peſter 
re as Opis 
nker was 
und: the 
) was nas 
et mount 
te goates 
boze, wee 
ctual and 
t againſt 
im in che 
Then we 
found noe 
appearen 
awes. 
ind vnder 
the ftone 
bot being 
es. where 
he grypt 
me backe 
m to take 
de. The 
erp fat fo 
Ne founs. 
The coaſt 
untaines 
duntrp. 
ith ſouth⸗ 


thought, 
4. pound 
lof peafe 


Cape of 
ing very 
re fhotte 
ome 30. 
Crp tou⸗ 
lage. tba: 
des fan: 
ſbippes 
the ſayde 
nd foule 


The 


WW” “AY ay N 
1 ‘ U 


M Fohn Dams. ol the Engliſh nation. 


The 14. me went ov fhoare and found ſigues of people, fo; nd 
like a wall and ſaw the ſkull ofa mau 0} ee Wet e Fun Road lapde bp cogeeyce 

Che 15, we heard dogs Houle on the Hoare, which we thought had bene Coluce,anveheres 
fore we went on ſhoare to kil chem, TAben we came on lande, the dogs came prefentlp to our 
boate very gentlp, vet we thought they came to pꝛap vpon vs, and cherefope we {hot at them and 
killed ewa: and about the necke of one of them we founda letheren roller, wherupon we thought 
chem to be tame dogs. There were twentie dogs like maſuues with puckt eares and long bulh 
tayles: we founda bone in the pizels of their dogs. Then wee went farther and founde two 
lleads made like ours in Englande. The one was made of fire, (pute and oken boards, ſawen Timber 
like inch boards: the other was made all of whale bone, and there hung on the toppes of the wen. 
leds thyee beads of beats, which they bad killed. Ile law here, larkes, rauens, and partriges. Fowu. 
Tube 17. we went on ſboare, and in a litle thing made like an ouen with ones, J found ma: 
ny final trifles, as a ſmall canoa made of mood, a picce of wood made like an image, a bird made un image. 
of bone, beads hauing ſmall holes in one end of them ta hang about their necks, ind other {mall 
things. The coaſt was very barbarous without wood on graſſe. The rockes were very faire ithe 
marble full of uaynes of diuerſe coulo)s. Me foun? a ſeale which was killed not long before, bes 
ing ſleane and hid vnder ſtones. 

Dur Captaine and matter ſearched till fon pꝛobabilities of the paſlage, and fir found, I that wiobaviicies 
this place was all Iſlands with great founds palling betweene them. ol the pallage. 
Secondlp, the water remained of one coulour mith the mapne ocean without altering, we neuer 

Thirdly we ſaw to the weſt ol thoſe Illes three oz foure Cihales in a ſnul, which they iud. ban brich ang 
ged to tome from a weſterly (ca, becauſe to the Eaſtward. we fate not any whale. Sr bal the 
Allo as we were rowing into a very great found lying ſouth welt. rom whence thefe whales Watts colour 
tame, vpon the ſuddapne there came a violent counter checke ol a tive from the fouchwett againtt verp biachilg. 
the flood which we came with, not knowing from whence it was maintayned. 
Fiftly, in ſayling 20. leagues within the mouth of this entrance we had founding in go, fas” 
thoms, fapꝛe gray oſie ſand, e the further we ran into the weſtwards, the Deeper was the water, 
fo that hard aboꝛd the ſhoare among theſe ples, we could not haue ground in 3 30. kathoms. 
Lattly, it dis ebbe and lowe 6,02 7. fathome vp and downe, the flood comming from diuerſe 
parts. ſo as we could nat perceiue the chiefe maintenance thereol. 
The 18. and 19. our Captaine and Maſter determined what was beſt to doe, both fop the ſafe⸗ 
garde of their credites and ſatilfping ol che aduenturers, and reſolued, if the weather brake vp, 
to make further ſearch. 
The 20. the winde came directly againſt vs, ſothey altered their purpole, and reaſoned boxy 
for proceeding and returning. 
The 21. the wind being Moreh welt, we departed from theſe Illands, and as wee coaſted the 
ſouth (ore we ſawe many fapze founds, whereby we were perſwaded, that it was no firme land 
but Illands. 
Che 23. of this moneth che wind came ſouthealt very ſtoꝛmp and foule weather. So we were 
tonſtrapned to ſecke harboꝛowe vpon the ſouthcoaſt of this entrance, where wee fell into a very 
fapre ſound, and ankered in 25. fathoms greene ofp land. Pere we went on ſboare, where we had 
manileſt ſignes of people, where they had made their fire, and lade ones like a wall. In this 
place we ſawe 4, very faire faulcons, and P. Buton tooke from onc okthem his pray, which we Faulcons. 
iudged by the wings and legs to be a luptt, fop the head was eaten off, 
The 24. in the alternoone the wind comming lomewhat faire wee departed lrom this roade, Their returns. 


purpoſing by Gods grace to returne fo, England. 


The 26, we departed from fight of the Nozthlande of this eatraunce, directing our courſe 
home war os, vntil the tenth of the next moneth. ; 
The 10, of September we fell with The land of deſolation, thinking to goe on ſpoare, but sSepeember. 
we could get nener a good harbozough. That night we put to ſea againe thinking to ſearth it 
the next dap: but this night aroſe a very great ſtoßme, and ſexarated our ſhips fo that we lof the 
ſigbt of the Mooneſbine. : ee 
56865 1 apt ton noone(hauing tryed al the nigbt befope with a gooſe wing) we fet faile,¢ with 
in two houres after, we had light of the mooneſbine againe: this day we Departed from this land. Sher tale 
The 2. of this moneth wee fell with ligt ol Englande. This night wee had a marueilous or Deroiarion 
Mopme and loft the Mooneſhine. 170 8 
The 30. of September wee came into Dattmouth where wee found the Pooncthine being 


come in not two haures befope, A true 


N a 
. 


+ 7 85 
22 A ry pape 


N RN Roe . 
Vs ey “IN aD 


AN 


N 
ee 
v.-6 


a , Nl a OER 


AS 


Mb IR STS 
En b ate Sb N. 


AN x. 


A ad 4 


> § 7 
en. 


ANT RNS: 
eo N J air. 


be Sim MG. 


* 


. 
2 N 8 


The voyages and diſcoueries IMA. ohn Danis.2. 


The ſecond voyage attempted by Maſter Iohn Dauis 
with others, 72 the diſcouerie of the Northweſt 
paſſage, in Anno 15 8 6. 


781 


be ſeuentch sap of May, I departed from che porte of Dartmouth top 
the diſcouerp of the IRopehwett paſſage, wich a ſhip of an hunded and 
BY | cwentie tunnes, namep the ermapde, a barke of 60. tunnes, named 
the Wunneſpine, a barke of 35. tunnes named the mooneligbt, and a 
9 Ppnace of ten tunnes named the Noth Narre, 
rte 15.0 Ame A pilcouered Iipp in che laticuve of oo. degree, 

80 1 and in longitude from the meridian of London weſtward 47. degrees. 
8 11 mightily peſtered with yce, and (now, fo that there was no hope of lan 
— ding: the pce lay in ſome places 10, leagues, in ſome 20. and in fome 
50. leagues off the ſboze, ſo that we were conſtrayned to bear into 57. degr. to duoble the fame, 
and to recouer afte ſea, which through Goos fauourable mercy we at length obtapnen, 

The nine and twentieth of June, after manp cempeftuous Bopmes, wee againe diſcoueren 
lande, in longitude from the Meridian of London, 58, degrees 30. minutes, and in latitude, 
64. being Cat from vs: into which courfe fich it pleated God by contrarp windet to force vs. A 
thought it very neteſſary to beare in with it, and there to ſet vp our Pynnace, pꝛouided in the 
Mer mayde to be our {cout fo2 this diſouerie, and ſo much the rather, becauſe the peere befoye A 
bad bene in the fame place, and founde it very conuenient fo; uch à purpoſe, well Moped with 
flote woode, and polſeſſed by a people of tractable tanuerſation: ſo that the nine and twentieth 
of this moneth wee arriued within the Illes which lay befqze this lande, iping Noꝛth Noth 
weſt, and South Woutheaſt, wee knowe not howe farre, This lande is very bigb, and moun: 
tainous, hauing befoze it on the Meſt five a mightic companie of Alles full of fapze foundes, 
7 parboroughs. This land was verp little troubled with ſnowe, and the ſea altogether voyd 
ok pce, 

The ſhiypes being within the ſoundes we fent our boates to ſearche ſoz ſhole water, where 
wee might anker, which in this place is very harde to linde: and as the boate went founding 
and ſearching, the people of the country hauing elpytd them, came in their Canoas towardes 
them with many (houtes ann cryen: but after they had eſpied in the boate, ſome of our come 
panie that were the peere befone heere with vs, they pꝛelently rowed to the boate, and tockt 
holde in the dare, and hung about the boate with ſuch comfoꝛtable iop, as woulde require a 
long diſcourſe to be bttered : they came with the boates to our ſhippes, making fignes that they 
kne we all thoſe, that the vere befoze had bene with them. After J perceiued their top, and ſmal 
feare of vs, my ſelfe with the merchaunts, and others of the companp went a ſhoare bearing 
with me twentie knines : I had no ſooner landed, but they lept out of their Canoas, and teme 
running to mee, and the reſt, and imbꝛaced vs with many ſignes of hartie welcome: at this pee 

ſent there were eigbteene of them, and to each ol them J gaue a kuife: they offered Chinnes to 
mer fo rewarde, but J made ſignes that it was not ſolde but giuen them of turteſie: and ſo 
diſmiſſed them fo that time, with lignes that they ſhoulde returne againe after certaint 


boures. a 

Che next vay with all pollible {peeve the Pynate was landed, bpon an File there to bee ini. 
(hed to ſerue our purpoſe for the dilcouerie, which Ille was fo conuenient for that purpole, as 
that we were very well able to defend our ſelues again many enemies. During che time that 
the Pynace as there letting vp, the people came continually vnto vs, ſometime an hundjed 
Canoas at a time, ſometime fourtie, fiftée, moze and leſſe, as occafion ſerued. They bought with 
them ſeale ſkinnes, cagge ſkinnes, white bares, ſeale ſiſhe, ſamon peale, ſmal codde, doy caplin, 
with other lich, and by)des, ſuch as the country did peelde. 

My ſelſe Hill deſirous to haue a farther ſearch of this plate, ſent one of the hipboates to one 
part of the land, and my felfe went to another parte to ſrarche for the habitation of tbis people, 
withſtraight commaundement that there ſhould be no iniurie offered to any of the people, nets 


ther any gunne thor, 

The boates that went from me found the cents of the people made with Cale ſkinnes fee vp 
bpon timber, wherin they founde great Moze of died Caplin, being a litle fith no bigger then a 
pilchard : they found bags of trayne oyle, many little images cut in wood, ſeale (kinnes in tan 
Cubs, with manp other ſuch trilles, whereof they diminiſped nothing. Cher 


A. lohn D 


Cher aild fou 


and there leauing 
into the country, b 
as larke and linn 
Chethirdot J 

another found, w 
length they made 
ſhode, and aſcended 
J returned againe 
tend vs, and to hel 
men leape with th 
to wneſtling, we fo 
our men that were 
The fourth of J 
did very willingly 
ftrong and kkiltull 
fone himſelte wi 
fhinnes,hauing ac 
with ſmall fender 
vnbearded, great l 
returne to make a 


willed one of myt 
them that we dio e 
but maruellous ti 
our lenity to Tew 
boat from. het fer 
thep ſlole our sare 
ny and maiſters b 
undto leaue the co 
them, and immer 


ſunplictty, and w 
pimp toute be eh 
time to make chet 


south fop 
ded any 
, named 
bt, and a 


degrees, 
Degrees, 
pe of lan 
in ſome 


n. 

ſcouered 
latitude, 
ace vs. 
ed in the 
before A 
ned with 
wentieth 
) Ropehe 
nD moun⸗ 
foundes, 
ber boys 


„ wbert 
dunding 
dwardes 
dur come 

d toche 
equire a 
that they 
and ſmal 
bearing 
and came 
this pres 
kinnes to 
r and ſo 
certaint 


bee lini⸗ 
tpoſe, as 
ime that 
hundzed 
che with 
pcaplin, 


people, 
' ple, nei⸗ 


es ſet vy 
x then a 
fin tan 

Cher 


AM. lohn Dauis. 2. of the Englith nation. 


782 


Cher aild found tenne miles wichin the frowp mountarnes a plaine c ion t 1 
earth and graſſe, ſuch as our mooꝛy and wate grounds of England are: then — rit hon 1 goodip 
(which in che narro welt place is two Leagues bread) about ten lengues, finding it mtil to cuntmue rer. 
they knew not how far: but J with my companptooke auother riuer, which although at the firt 
it offered a large inlet. pet it pooued but a deepe bay, he end whereofin foure houres J attayned 
a 5517 one on ee . bre Wee 15 reſt of my company thpee oꝛ fourc miles 
to the country, ND nothing, no law anything, laue onely gripes xau ad ſmall bir 
a een „ f 3 vgupes xauens and ſmall birds, 
CTtethirdot July J mamed my boat, and went with fifty canons attending vpon me vpi 
another found; where the peeple by ines willed meto goe, hoping to finde —..— dat 1 
length they made lignes that A ſhould go into a warme place to fleepe, at which place J went on 
ſbode, and afcendedthe coppe Of an bigh bill to lee into the country, but perttiuing mp lab; vaine, 
J returned againe to my boat, ihe people Mill following me, and my company vc ry diligent to at⸗ 
tend vs, and to helpe vs vp the rocks, and likewile downe: at length J was di ſious to haue our 
men leape with them, which was done, but our men did ouerleape them: rom leaping they went 
to Wetting, we found them ſtrong and nimble, and to haue (kell in wꝛeltling fo they caſt Come ol 
dn che buche Tap we laiebev our piel ano anf 
Ahe fourth of July we lauche d out pinnelſe, and had forty of the people to helpe vs, which 
did very willingly sat this time out men againe wpeſtled with ied ia ee 
frong and khilrull. Thisfourthot Julp the maitter ofthe Mermaid went to certaine Jllands to 
ftoxe bimſelle with wood, where he found a graue with diuers buried in it onely couered withfeale u grane with 
fhinnes, hauing a crolle laid ouer them. The people are of good ttature, well in boop proportioned, aer. n 
with ſmall lender hands and feet, with bꝛoad viſages, and final eyes, wide mouthe s, the moſt part The Tartare 
vnbearded, great lips, and clofe tootben. Cheps cuttome is as oſten as they go tum bs, thi at their payomare at 


returne to make a neto truce in this lost, holding his hand vp to the Sunne, with a lowd voite cry. do fia red. ° 


eth Yiyaoure, and Oyiketh bis brett, with like fignes being pꝛomiled laketie, he giueth credit. 

Chele people are much giuen to bleed, and therekode ſtoppe the yr nofes with ede onthe 

papte oF an elan. They ace (dotaters, and haue images great Lope, which they were about them, 

and in they? boats, which we ſuppoſe they wolſhip. Ney are witches, and haue many kindes of 

mehantmentes ftobicty they often öled put to mall purpoß thank be sy God. . 

WVeing among them at ſywhe the fourth of July ot of them making a long opation, beganne to 

bundle a five, int his manor he toode a piece of a boow, mberin wag a hole halte thoꝛow: into that 

dole he puts tye end of aroitd Uicke Tike onto a bedſtalle wetting the end therof in traine, aud in fa⸗ eheps maner 

Budi of aturner, with a prece of lether, by his violent motion doth very ſpeedülp podure fire: dna 

which done, wich tne he maden lire, into which with many wand, aud brange gettures, he put in america 

diuets things, which weſuppoſed to be a factifice snp lelfe and diuers ofinp company ſtanding 

Iv hey wert velirous to haue me qo into the (moke, J willed them lite wile to and in the {moke, 

in which they bp no meanes would do. J then to oke one ol them and clputt him into the lmoke, and 

willed one of my company co tread out the fire,¢ to ſpurne it into the fea, which was done to hew 

chem that we did contemue cher forcerp . Theſe people are very ſimple in all theyz conuerſation, Great theeuts 

but maruellous thecuiſh eſpetially for iton, whichthey baue in great accolit, They began though 

our len ity to ſhew they bile nature: they began to cut our cables: they cut awapthe Boonlights 

boat from: het lerne, they tut our cloth where it lap to apze, though we didtarekully looke vnto it, 

they ſtole our dates i calitert. a boare ſpeare, a Iwond, with muers other things. wherat the compas 

ny and maiſters being grieued, kon dur better ſeturitp, deltred me to dillolue this newkriendſhip, 

undto leaue the company of thele theeuiſh mifcreants: wherupon there was a taliuer ſhot among 

them, and immediatly vpon che lame a faulcon, which ſtrauge noice did ſoꝛe amaze them, ſo that 

with heen they departed: nothuithſtanding they ſinplitity is luch, that within ten houres alter 

they came againeto vs to intreat peace beng pombe againe fell into a great league. 

bey bꝛougbt vs ſeale lkinner and ſanmion peale, but ſeeing iron, they could in no wiie foꝛbeare 

ſbealing: which when J perceiued ie did but minilter vnto me an octaſton ok laughter, to ſee they 

ſunplictty, and willed that in no tale they ould be any more hardly vſed, but that our owne cont 

pimp toute be che more bintlantto heepe theyzchinges, ſippoling it to be verx hardin lo dot | 

time to make them knotmchep» eulls. Chev eat all ben ment rate, they live mmi upon lich they w. 

mine (ale water, and ent graſſe and ice with delight: they are neuer out of the water, but liur in 

the nature offithes, hit one iy when Dead fleepe taketh chem, andthen under a warme rocke, laving 

din boat vpon the land, he lyeth downeto ie epe. With: wry ir darts, but fome of them ug wees 

haue bowe and artotoes,aud flings, Chep make E lich ol the nme of a whale: they Prang news. 
do 


VSD 
17 
V4 


fy n 


EER VY 


N a hl ae 


A am 


Ir 5 
„„ we JA. 9 es Ar wh, Ne 


2 
2 = 


NN 
EV. 


* 
* 


RTA LI 
“a TN an bm 


9 
K 


J 


* 


5 1 · Xs N 
cae, N 
AXN 


< ° a 
8 
23757777999 ———9ç—.——— —— 
5 NC V 
4 x 4 
“ 0 4 
5 * . r r 


Cheps lan⸗ 
guage, 


Slings. 


@rcatZhands 


PP A eee 
783 The voyages and diſcoueries M. fobn Danis. 2. 


do all theyz things verp artiſitially: and it ſhould ſeeme that theſe ſimple 
watre wit hthole of the maine, fop mam of them are 7 ————ĩ—ð 
bpon che maine land, as by ſignes they gaue vs to vnderſtand. Te had among them copper date, 


erb our. Hache copper and es las adil hollow and deepe inthe throat; 


thefe woꝛds fallo wing we learned from 
Keſinyoh, Eat ſome. Conah, Leape. 
Madlycoyte, Muſcke. Maatuke, Fiſh. 
1 Sambah, Below. 
iaoute, I meane uo harme, Maconmeg, Mill pou 
ee 1 Cocah, Groban bene tins 
Paaotyck, n bare. Aba, Fallen doume,. 
Sahgneg, Am pe a 
awygmeg, knife. wenn 5 
Vdezah, d nofe, Nugo, 70. 
Aoh, ron, Tucktodo, A fogge. 
Blete, An eye. Lechikſah, A fine, 
Vnuicke, Giue it. Maccoah, A dart. 
Tuckloak, A ſtagge q; ellan. Sugnacoon, A coat. 
Panygmah,@ needle, Gounah, Come Downe, 
Aob, The ſen. Safobneg, A bpacelet. 
Myfacoah, ath it. Vgnake, Atongue, 
Lethickfaneg, A ſeale ſlinne. Ataneg, A ſeale. 
Canyglow, Rifle me, Macuah, A beard. 
Vynera, Mp ſanne. Gone ch Achreev, 
cu, Shot. Quoylah, Giue ie to me, 


ige. which being had, I lauded with the mot part of ny company 
big umi, poping frumt hence w fee no the connteep shat ee matey mee 


mp 
there was great ſtoze, my lelfe hauing efpped a bery Mrange ſigbt, elpecially to me 
whith was a migbey whirlewinde taking vp the water saa aa 
rioully mounting it into cheapze, which iwbirletwinde was not foz a puffe op blaſt, but conciuall, 
for the ſpate ot thꝛee houres, with very little intermiſlion, which lich it was in the courte that J 
could paſſe, we were conſtrained that night to take vp our lodging vnder the rocks. 

The next morning the ſtoune being broken vp, we went forward in our attempt, and (ailed ine 
to a mighty great riuer directly into the body of the land, and in bꝛiefe, found it to be no ürme land 
but huge, twatte, and deſert Illes wich mighty founds, and inlets palling berweent (ea and fea, 
TAhereupon we returned towards our ſbippes, ad landing to Poppe a floud, we found the buriall 
of thele miſtreanta, we found ot they ſiſh in bagges, plaices, and caplin dpped, of which we tooke 
onelyone bagge, and heparted, The ninth ol this moneth we came ta out ſbippes, whert we found 
the people delirous in they Fallion, of kriendſhiꝑpe aud barter : out mariners complained heauily 
againſt the people, and laid that my lenity and friendly ping of them gaue them fomacke to mil ⸗ 
thiefe : fox they haue ſio llen an anker from vs, they haue cut our cable very dangeroully, they haue 
tut our boats from our Herne, and no w ſince pour departure, with flings they (pare vs not with 
ones ol halle a pound weightꝛte will pou Mill indure c hele inluries v it is a ſhame to beate them. J 
deſired them to be content, and laid I doubted not but all ſhould be well. The tenth of this moneth 
A went tothe hore, the people follotving me in they; tandas: I tolled them on (hove, and wien 
them with much curtelie, and then departed aboond, they following me, and my company. J gaue 
ſome ol them bpacelece and cauſed ſtuen op eight of them to come which they did willing! y, 
and fone of them went into the toppe ol dur fhippe : and thus curteoullp vfing them J let them de» 
part: che Sunne was no fooner dolune, but they began to practile they deuiliſh nature, and with 
hey diab pare ee boatſwainethat 
be duerthꝛew withall: wherat being moued, A changed mp curtelle, ¢ grew to hatred my lelle in 

N my 


M. Iohn D 


mp owne boat w 
diuers thor but to 
The 11 of his 
tame to me to thet 
till we had his a 
was one of the fu 
be came crying Ili 
a knife foꝛ them: ſi 
among vs s then v 
that he ſhould be { 
vpon we weped, 
our ſhip cloſe abo 
Yliaout which w 
fine words vnto 
like, departed, as! 
and bowing of his 
mong vs. J gau 
dure the colde, of 
would make oka 
J tooke when J 
All chis while 
tepted, wlo dyed 
ſea, with pꝛaiſe gi 
The 17 ok thi 
ty and ſtrange qu 
and being witha 
as that we ſupyo 
we were certa 
ring the huge que 
ſpeake any furt 
place we had ver 
beh et 
pole: the apꝛe in 
was baniſhed of 
and compalſed v 
peere J foundth 
Dur men th, 
celle : wherupon 
Unelſe, and with 
with che pꝛeſeru 
and fatherleſſe cl 
to regardtheyꝛ 
great hope of ce 
tile, I thought! 
into diſcredit: t 
Maieſty to moo 
tion ok eutry C 
very ſtrong and 
ler barke, eſpeci 
aduentur ers, b 
with diuers oth 
men, e to pace 
ite. bare Catt 
uoprble winde 
33 mit, q in lo 
Che ſecond 
ſpeed we graut 
while the bark 


* 


— 3—3s2.—3—s—t — ꝓ —APů᷑ 
M. lohn Dauit. 2. of the Engliſh nation. 784 


mp oune boat well manned, with hor, and the barks boat like wiſe put ſued t 0 
diuers thor but tu ſmall purpoſe, by reaſon of they ſwift wwiug: lo kum . te bad 
The 11 ol this moneththere came fiue ofthe to make a nem trucesthe malſter ofthe Admiral 
tame co me to (he w mie of hep) comming, and delired to haue them taken, g kept as pyiſone rs une 
till we had his anker againe: but when he law that the chicfe ringleader, ¢ maiſter of milchie fe 
was one ol the fiue,be then was vehement to exetute his purpole o it was determined to take him: 
be tame crping Iliaout, ſ Ariking his bꝛeſt offered a pape of gloue s to fell,che maiſter offered him 
a knile for them:ſo twookthem came to vs, the one was not touched but the other wag ſoone captiue 
among vs :chen we pointed to hin ¢ his fellowes for our anker, which being had, wemade ſignes 
that he ſhould be fee at liberty: within one houre that he came abooꝛd, the winde came fayre,tubere: 


vpon we weped, and (et ſaile and fo liought the fellow with vs: aue of his fellowes ſtillkoliowing Ing arte 
our thip clofe aboozv,catken with him, made a kinde of lamentation, tue ftll vling him tel tipi alt 


Yiiaout, which was the common courfe of curtefie, At tength this kellowabocnd vs fpake foure op d. 


liue words vnto the other, and claped his two hands vpon bis face, whereupon the other doing the 
like, departed, as we ſuppoſe, with heaup chere. Ne iudged the couering ok his face with his bands, 
and bowing of his body downe,fignificd his death, Ae length he became a plealant companion as 
mong vs. I gaue him a new luce of frise after the Englith fathion,becaule J ſaw he could not ine 
dure the colde ol which he was very foptull,he ttimmed vp his darts, and all his hing teoles and 
would make okam, and (et his handto a ropes end vpon occaſſon. be lined withthe dpx caplin that 
J tooke when J was ſearching in the pinneſſe, and did eat dʒy Ne wland th, 

All this while, God bethanked, our people were in very good health, onelpy one young man ex. 
cepted, why dyed at (ea the foureteenth ofthis moneth and the filte enth acco ding to the onder of the 
fea, with praife giuen to God by ſeruite, was catt ouerbooꝛd. 

The 17 oF this monet, being in the latitude ok s; degrers 8 minuts, we fel vpon a moll migh: 
ty and ſtrange quantity ok ice. in one intyꝛe malle. ſo bigge, as that we knew northe limits thercof, 
and being withall fo very high in koꝛme ok a land, with bayes and tapes, and like high clifke land, 
as that we ſuppoſed it to be land, and cherfope Lene our pinneſle offto difcouer it: but at her returne 
we were certainely infoꝛmedthat it was anelp ice, which bꝛed great avmirationte vs all, confides 
ring the huge quantity chereof, incredible to be repojted in truth as it was and there oe J omit to 
ſpeabe any further therof. This onely, I thinke that the like before was neuer leene, and in this 


L place we had very Mickle and trong currants, 


We coaſtedthis mighty malle ok ice vutill the 30 of July finding it a mighty barre to our pur. 
pole: the ayꝛe in this time was fo contagious, and the fea ſo peftered with icc, as that all hope 
was banithed of pꝛoceeoing: for the 24 of July all our ſhowds, ropes, and failes were fo froſen, 


peere J foundthis fea free and nauigable, without inpediments. 

Our men thꝛoughthis extremity began to grow ſicke e feeble, and withal hopeleſſe of good ſuc 
ceſſe: wherupon very opderlp, with good dilcretion they intreated me to regard the Mate of this bus 
Uneſſe, and withall aduiſed me, that in confcience J ought to regard the ſakety of mine owne life, 
with the preferuation oftheprs, that J ſhould notthꝛough my ouerboldneſſe leaue their widowos 
and fatherleſſe childzen to giue me bitter curſſes. This matter in conſtiente did greatly moue me 
to regardtheyꝛ eſtates: pet tonſidering the excellency of the bulineſſe, if it might be attained, the 
great hope of certainty bythe laſt yeres dilcouerp, x that there was veta third way not put in pꝛat · 
tife, Ithouqht it would grow to my great dilgrace, ik this action by my negligence ſhould grow 
into diſtredit: wherupon ſeeking helpe from God the fountaine of all merties it pleated his diuine 
Maieſty to mooue my heart to pꝛoſecute that which J hope ſhalbe to his gloꝛp, and tothe concentas 
tion ot euery Chꝛiſtian mi de. Wiherupon falling into conſ deration, that the Mermaid, albeit a 
very ſtrong and ſulicient ſhip, vet byrealdn ok her burden, not lo conuenient and nimble as a finals 
ler barke, eſpecially in ſuch defperace haz zards : further hauing in account her great charge to the 
aduentur ers, being at 100 li. the moneth: ¢ that in doubtfull feruice, all the pꝛemiles confinerc, 
with diuers other things, J determinedto furnith the Moonelight wit hreuictualling « ſufficient 
men, e to proceed in this action as God ſheuld direct me: wherupon J altered our courſe from the 
ite. bare Catt foutheat to recouer the next (hope where this thing might be perkonned: fo with fa 


ug able winde it pleaſed God that the firſt of Auguſt we vifcouered the land in latitude 66 deg. gy sun . 


33 min. e in longitude fromthe meridian of London 70 deg. void of trouble without ſnow oz ice. 

Che fecond of auguſt we harboured our ſelnes in a very extellent good road, where with all 

(peed we graued the Moonelight. and reuictualled her: we ſearched this country with our pinneſſe 

while the barke was trimming, which TTlilliam saa fofin all this land to be only wd 
2 wit 


and compaſſed with ice, onely by a grolſe fogge, as ſeemed to me moze then range, Iich the laſt pd — of 


2 3 8 
N aw oA IN 


TPL 


N 
ho, aw, 


fe 


+ Ay FG e n 
9 


ey 
4. 


. A 


— 


An the We 


—— 
— — 


— S ‘ 


2 1.7 
LZ SN AN . 


Pi 
TI 


NN 


E. Qa 


% aa 


AN. 


DRE FARE NI 
sous aw! 
n. Ne, 


1 ; — * : ye >, 
„ M NE IN * A Ax. b . sb N H, ao Na aN 2 


; ** 
witha ſea on the Eaſt, a lea on the Alek, and a lea on the Noꝛth. In this place we found it very 


Great heat. 


hot, and we were very much troubled 1 which is called Musketa, fo) they did ing grie · 
uoullp. The people of this place at our fir comming in caught a (eale, and with bladders fat ti. 
ed to him lent him vnto vs with the floud, lo ab he came right with our ſhippes, which wetooke ag 
a friendly prefent from them. 

Che lit ol Augue I went with the two maiſters and others to the coppe of a hill, and by the 
way Milliam Eton eſpied chee Canoas lying vnder a rocke, and went vnto them: there were 
in them ſkinnes, darts, with diuers ſuperllitious topes, whereof we diminiſhed nothing, but lefe 
vpon cuerp boat a fitke point, a bullet ot lead, anda pinne. The next day being the ſixt of Auguſt, 
the people came vnto vs without feare, and did barter with vs fo lkinnes, as the other people did: 
they differ not from the other, neither in they canoas nop apparel, yet is they pꝛonuntiation more 
plaine chen the others, and nothing hollow in the thyoat. Dur milcreant abooꝛd bs kept himfelte 
clofe, aud made ſhew that he would faine haue another companion. Thus being pꝛouided, J des 
parted from this land the twelſt of Auguſt, at fire of the clocke in the moming . where J left the 
Mermaid at an anker: the foureteenth failing Ciel about fiftie leagues, we diſcouered land, bee 
ing in latitude 66 degrees 19 minuts: this land is 70 leagues ſrom the ether from whence we 
tame. This foureteenth day from nine a clocke at night tillthꝛee a clocke in the moming, we ans 
kered by an Illandok ice, twelve Leagues off the Nore, being mozed to the ice. 

The liſteenth day at thꝛee a clocke in the moꝛning we departed from this land to the South, 
andthe eighteenth of Auguſt we dilcouered land Nozthweſt from vs in the mowing, being ayes 


reat bo bope of ty fapꝛe mamontopp, in latitude 65 degrees, hauing no land on the South. Hcere we had great 
a pa 0 


A great curs 
rant to the 
Wel, 


Faire woods 


tone of cod. 


hope of a though paſlage. 

This dap at thꝛee aclocke in the afternoone we againe difcouered land Southweſt and by 
South from vs, where at night we were becalmed. The nineteenth of this moneth at noone, by 
obſeruation, we were in 64 degrees 20 minuts. Ftomth e cighteenth day at noone vnto the nines 
teenth at noone, by pꝛetiſeoꝛdinary care, we had ſailed 15 leagues South and by TUeſt, yet bp art 
and moꝛe exact obferuation, we found our courſe to be South werk, fo that tue plainelp perceiued a 
great cutrant ſtriking to the Het, 

This land is nothing in fight but Illes, which increaleth our hope. This nineteench of Ae 
guſt at fige a clocke in the aſternoone, it began to ſnom, and fo continued all nigbt with foule wea: 
ther, and much winde, fo that we were conſtrained to lie at hull all night fiue leagues offche ſtoye: 
Juthe mozning being the t wentich ol Auguſt, the logge and Toye breaking vp. we bare in with 
the land, and at nine a clocke in the moꝛning we ankered in a very fappe and fafe road and locket 
for all weathers. At tenne of the clocke J went on thope, to the toppe of a very high hill, where F 
perteiued that this land was Illands ·: at foure ofthe elocke in the afternoonc we weyed anker, 
Harring a fayze Noꝛth noꝛtheaſt winde, with very fapre weather: at ſix of the clocke we were cleere 
without the land, and fo ſhaped our courte to the Mouth, to diſcouer the coaſt, wherby the paſſage 
map be though Gods mercp found. 

Me coaſted this land till the eight and twentith of Auguſt, finding it (iH to continue towards 
the South, fromthe latitude of 67 to 57 degrees: we found maruellous great toe of birds, guls 
t mewes incredible to be reported, wherupon being calme weather, we lay one glaſſe vpon the lee, 
to proue for ſiſh, in which (pace we taught 100 of cov, although we were but badly pꝛouided for fie 
hing, not being our purpoſe. This eight and twentith, hauing great diſtruſt ofthe weather, we 
arriued in a very fayze harboz in the latitude of 56 degrees, and ſailed ten leagues into the lame, 
being two leagues bꝛoad, with bery fayze woods on both ſides: in this place we continued vntill 
the firſt of September, in which time we had two very great ſtoꝛmes. J landed, and went fire 
miles by gheſſe into the country, and found that the woods were ſtrre, pineapple, alder, yew. withy. 
and birch: here we ſaw a blacke beare: this place yeeldeth great More of birds. as feʒant, partridge, 
Varbary hennes az the like, wilde geeſe, ducks, blacke birds. ieyes, chuſhes, with other kindes of 
{mall birds. Of the partridge and ſezant, we killed great ſtoꝛe with bowe and arrowes: inthis 
plate, at the harboꝛough mouth, we found great ſtoꝛe of cov, 


The fir of September at tenne a clocke, wee fet ſaile, and coaſted the fhone with very faire 
weather. The third day being calme. at none we ſirt oke ſaile, and let fall a cadge anker, to mou 
whether we tould cake any ſiſh, being in latitude 54 degrees 3 omits, in which place we found 
great abundance of cod, fo that the hooke was no ſooner ouerbooꝛd, but prefentip a ſiſh was taken, 
It was the largeſt and beſt refet fiſhthat euer I ſam, and divers filher men that were with me 
laydthat they neuer fata a moze ſuaule op better faull of Gh in cher: liues: pet had they ſeene 
great abundance. 


Che 


88 


fuous Tome, th 


we great ly defire 
fathome fine fant 


The lire of S 


which we pu 


peapleof thisco 
which when we 
laile bare into the 
the noice wherol 
with chep) arrow 
doubt, onelp one 
creants neuer off 


This pꝛeſent 


extreme, Ile v 
anker brake fo t. 


Pet in this deepe 


vs a faye lee, ſo⸗ 
God manifelily 
an olde iunke. @ 
very forcible, whi 
The eleuenth 
ſhaping our co 


Maiſter 


J haue now 
paſſageto that c 
further, J can 
further charge, 
action, Surely 
by Gods mercp 
card, J pꝛav & 
that pour ſkill i 
And thus with 
then J thal be 


7 I 
N 


— 


lis. 2. M.Fobn Daus. 2. ofthe Englith nation. 786. 


dit very The fourth of Beptember at fiue at locke in the afternoone we ankercd mm a very good roa 
: va aber: droada · 
th mong great Rape ot Ties, the countrep lowland, pleafant, and beep full of kme boote, To the un pertect pove 
25 tis Nofth of this place eight leagues, we had a perfect bape of che paſſige, finding a mighty great fea ot ide PAMage. 
cag palling betweene two lands Men. Che South land to our iudgemenc being nothing but Illes, 
we great ly deſited to go into this fea, but the winde was directly againſt vs. Ae ankered in fcure 
rb bp the fathome fine land. In this plate is foule and fich migbty Core, 
re were The lit of September having afayre Nonth noꝛthweſt winde, hauing trimed our barke, we 
but left oled to depart, and ſent ſiue of our ſailers yoong men a ſhoze to an Illand, to fetch certatne 
Auguſt, which we purpoled to weather, andeherefone left it all night couered vpon the Ille: the bꝛutilh 
le did: people oł this countrep lap ſetretiy lurking in the wood, and vpon the ſudden alſdulted our men: 
on more which when we perceiued, we prfentlp let lippe out cables vpon the halſe, and vnder our force 
himſelke Laile bare into the thoare, and with all expedition dilcharged a double muſket vpon them twile, at 
d, J Des the noice wherol they lied: notwithſtanding to our very great griefe, two uf our men were ſlaine c wo of one 
left the With chepp arro weg, andtwo grieuoully wounded, ol whom at this pꝛeſent we ſtand in very great me e 
land, bee doubt, onely one efcaped by ſwimming. with an arrow thot thoꝛow his arme. Thele wicked mil⸗ 9 
ence we creants neuer offered parly oz ſpeech, but pꝛeſently executed they turſed furp. 
, we ans ° Cbis prefene euening it pleaſed God further to increale our foprowes with a mighty tempe⸗ 
ſtuous foyme, the winde being Nonthnofthealt, which laſted vnto the centhofthis moneth very 
South, extreme. Ne vnrigged our ſhippe, and purpoled td cut do wne our malts, the cable ok our ſhut 
ing a ve⸗ anker bake ,fo that we onelp expected to be dꝛiuen on ſhoare among theſe Canibals forthe pꝛap. 
ad great Pet in this deepe dittrelle the mighty mercy of God, when hope was palt, gaue vs ſucco;. and ſent 
vs a fapee lee, lo as we recouered our anker againe, and new moꝛed our ſhippe: where we lawthat 
t and bp God manileſily deliuered vs: foꝛ che Araines of one of our cables were token, we oulp road by 
one, by an olde iunke. Thus being freſhly moped, a new ſtozme arofe, the winde being Wick nozthweſt, 


aw Smt 
wy - 
Vs 


a 2 Ia — 
n 


oT awe 
— 6 * 
Hr 


7 
j * 
AX 


„ tie SN Ade i, 


27 —.— 7 I = — 


r AA 


5 8 1 wp A 


. 1 
Leun. A. * 


me 


he nines very forcible, which laſted vnto the tenth dapat night. 
The eleuenth day with a fayꝛe Meſt noꝛthr elt winde we departed with truſt in Gods mertp, 
Haping our courte for England, and arriued in the ek countecy in the beginning of Ocaober. 


N 
a A. 


oS 


N. 7 


Maiſter Dauis being arriued, wrote his letter to M. William 
Sanderſon of London, concerning his voyage, 


as followeth. 


r, the Sunneſbine came into Dartmouth the fourth of this moneth : he hatt 

Fa beene at FAlaud, and fromtbence to Groenland and foto Eſtotiland fromthence 

ZY to Defolation,and to our merchants, wbere he made trade with the people, Rap: 

7 ing in the tountrey twenty apes, They haue bought home fue hunded ſeale 
clinnes, and an bundzed and forty halfe fRinnes, and pieces ol ſkinneg. I Mand in 
A great doubt ot the pinneſle, God be mertifull onto the pooze men, and pꝛeſerue 


45 


» 


> „ 
- 
n 


is 
aims 


No 


2 
rey 


Re aN 5 


R Ae? 


Yours with my heart,bedy and life to 
command Joun Davis. 


Bbbb 3 


* 


287 


The relation of the courſe which the Sunſhine a barke of fiſtie 


tunnes, and the North ſtarre a ſmall pineſſe, being two veffels of the 
fleet of M. Iohn Dauis held after he ale them from ff bt 
difcouer the paflage betweene Groenland and Iſland, . 
written by Henry Morgan ſeruant to M. 
William Sanderfon of 
London. 


Henry d purſer, 
2 ward, Ton Pandie, Hugh Broken, javilip Jane, Hugh Hempfon, Richard 
Boyden, John Kilpe, Andyew Padocke, TAilliam Colcome, Robert Clagge 
Catpenter, John Bulkome, Milliam A the Dimon Ellis. 

Our conrle was Melt nonthweſt t he ſeuenth and eight dares sand che ninth day in the mon 
we were on heador the Tarraſe ol Syllie. Thus coaſting along che South part of Ireland the 11 
dap, we were on headol the Dopfes : and our courſe was South fouchwert vntill Hr ofthe clocke 
the 12 day. The 13 dap our courſe was Moꝛthweſt. Me remained in the company of the Mer. 
maid and the Mooneſſbine vntill we tame to the latitude of õo degrees: and there it ſeemed bett to 


ng pisheee bur General H. Dauis to diutde his let, himſelke failing to the Royth well to direct the Suns 
inte 2 parts. ſhine, whertin J was, ¢ the pinneſſe called the Noythſtar, to (eke a paſſage Nopthward berweene 


Groenland and Alland to the latitude of do degrees, if land did not let vs. So the ſeuenth day of 
June we departed from them: and the ninthot che fame we came to a firme landofice, which we 
coatted along the ninth the tenth and the eleuenth dayes of June: and the eleuench day at fis of the 
clocke at night we ſaw land, which was very igh, which aſterward tue knew to be Illand: and the 
twelſt day we harbored there, and found many people: the land lyeth Caſt and by Morb in 66 
degrees. , 17 : 11 

They commodities were greeue Hh, and Jllamd lings, and ſlocklilb, and a fh which is talled 
catefith : ofall which they had great fore, They had alfo kine, ſheepe, and hopes, and bap for they: 
tattell, and for theyz horles. Me ſaw alfo of hep, dogges. They dwelling houſes were made on 
boch fides with ſtones and wood laid crolſe auer them, which was coueredouer with turfs or earth, 


Choir bots · and they ate flat on the toppes, and many of theſe food hard by the thoare . Chey) boats were 


made with wood, and iron all along the keele like tur Engliſh boats: and they had nailes fo) to 
naile them uuthall, and ſiſh hooks and other things fon to ketch ſiſh as we haue heerein England. 
They had alſo bnaſen kettles, and girdles and purfes made of leather and knoppes on them of cop 
per, and hatchets and other ſmall tooles as neteſſurit as we haue. They yp them Ath in che Bun, 
and when they are bap, they packe them vp in the tappe of their haules. TE we would go thither 


to fiſhing more then we do, we fhould make it a very good voyage: io we got an hundpceh grerne 


lich in one moming,: Tie found (rere two Engliſh men with a ſhippe, which came out of Eng 
land about Catter day of this pefent peere 1586, and one ot them came abooꝛd of bs, and bought 


Mop. bs two lambs. Che Engliſh mans name was . John Royden of Apſwicb, merthant: he was 
dend Ar: bound for London with his ſhippe. And this is the ſumme of that which J obferucd in Jſland. 
vepare Ile departed from Ifland the ſixteenth day of June in the mopning, and our tourſe was Honh⸗ 


welt, and lam on the coaſt two fmall barkes going to an barbopoug hs we went not to them, but 
law them a farre off, Thus we continued our courfe nto the end of this moneth. 

The third day ol July we were in beeweene two ſirme lands ol ile, and paſſed in berweene 
them all that day vntill it was night : and then the maiſter turned backe againe, and fo away we 
went towards Groenland. And the ſeuenth day of July we did fee Groenland, and it was bery 
high, and it looked very blew : we could not come to harboꝛough into the land betauſe we were 
bindered by a firme land, as it were, ol ice, which was along the ſboares five : but we were within 
three leagues ofthe land. coatting the ſame diners dayes together. The feuenteenth day of July 
we ſaw the place which our captaine M. John Dauis the peere before had named The land of 
Deſolation, where we could not goon fhoare ſdꝭ ice. The eighteenth day we were like wiſe tron · 
bled with ice, and went in amongtt it at cinee of the clocke in the moming. After we had cleeren 
our — * thereof, we ranged all along the contt of Defolation vntill the end of the aſageſayd 
moneth. 

Che 


The voyages and diſcoueries AMA. ohn Danis, 2 M. lobn 1 


hip, did {ee them 


tu kill them as v 


when thep fae 
nace did ſhoote c 
onelp to put net 
ball, and ſome o 
as foone as they 


their dartes, ant 
againe, and four 
but our men tool 
his knife, but wi 
hhefts, and he th 
ten with ſtaues, 


M.lobnDauis:2. oſ the Englith nation. 


— . ˙—¶ͤj 

Che third dap ol Augult we came in gic of Gilberts ſound in the latitude of o. deg. 1 f mim. Susur. 
which was the place where we were appointed to meete our generall and che reft of our Cle. 
Were we tame to au harboꝛow at 6. of the clocke at night, 

Che 4, dap in che mopning the matter went on thore with 10. of his men, andthey brought bs 
foure ol the people ro wing in their boates adoop of the (hip. And in che afternoone I went on Hoye 
with fis ol our men, andthere came to bs ſeuen of chem uuhen we were on land. Cle found on (hore 
thyee Dean people, atid tuo of thewt bad theit ſtcutn Iping by tbem, and their olde Chins wepped 
about them, and che other had nothing lping by, wherfore we thought it was a woman. Cec alſo 
ſawe theit houſes neere che Sta five, which were made with pieces of wood on boch fides, and 
croled ouer with poles g then cvutred ouer mith earth : we found Fores running vpon the bils: 
as fop the place it is bꝛohen land all the way that we went, and full of token Illands. 

Che 21. ol Auguſt che matter (ene the boatt eu thore fo wood, with lice ol his men, and thert 
wert one and thirtie of the people of the counttey which went on thoze to 
to hill them as we thoughe,fop / hey thot their dartes towards them, au hdd that were aboopd the 
Ship, did fee them goe on Moye to our men: whertuponthe matter ſent the pinnace after them, and 
when they ſaw the pinuace comming cowards them, they turned backe, and the matter of the pin. 
nate did Coote off a caliuer to them the ſametime, but burt none of them, fo) his meaning was 
onelp co put them in keare. Diners times they dis weaue bs on ſtee co play with them ar the fos. 0 ener 
ball, and ſome of our company went on {hope to play with them, and our meu did taſt them downe wu ehe Has 
as foone as they div come to ſtribe the ball, Andthus much of that which we did fee and do in that 8 

w where te arrived ſirtt. — 


vepartenfrom che merrhamts tobere we bad bene lttll, and our courte from 


J haue brought them to you. 

The 30, ol Auguſt we departed from this harboꝛom towards England, c the wind tooke be 
contrary, (o that we were faine to goe to another harboꝛom the fame day at 11. ofthe clorke, And 
there came to bs 39. ol the people, and byougſe vs 13. Oeale Chins, and after we reccined thele 
ſhinn es ol them, che matter ſent the carpenter to change one of our boates wich we had bought of 
them before, and they would haue taken the boate from him perloꝛte, and when they ſawe they 
could not take it from vs, they thot with their vartes at vs, and ſtroke one ol our men with one of 2 thirunith bes 
their dartes, and John Kilpe thot one of them into che byeft wich an arrow, Andthey came to vs naa 
againe, and foure of our men went into the ſbipboate, and they thot with their dartes at our men: out men. 
but our men tooke one of their people in his boate into the fhipboate, and he hurt one of them with 
his knife, but we killed chee of them in their boates: two of them were hurt with arrotwes in the 
bꝛeſts, and he that was aboopd our boat, was ſhot in with an arrow, and hurt with a ſwoꝛd, and bea · 
ten with Maues, whom our men taſt ouer boonde. but the people caughe him and carted him on 
{hore vpon their boats, and the other two allo, and fo departed from vs. And three ofthem went 
on (hope hard by vs, where they bad their dogs, and thole chyee tame atway from their Dogs, and 
prefently one of their dogs tame ſwimming towards vs hard aboopd che Mip, whereupon our mas 
ter cauſedthe Sumer to ſboote offone of the great pieces towards che people, and ſo the dog curs 
ned backe to land, and within an houre aſtert here came of the people hard aboopd the ſhip but they 
would not come to vs as they did tome before, 

The 31 ot Auguſt we departed from Gilberts found lo England, and when we tame out of 
the harbohow there came after vs 17. of the people looking which way we went. 

She 2. ol Deptember we lott fight of the land at 12. of the locke at noone, September, 
EChethird day at night we lott fight of the Roythſtarre our pinnace ina very great Pome, Elap ape mare 
a bull carping fon them che . dap, but could beare no moze ofthem. Chus we Capen our wurſe the un hen 
Foye Maer and ſapling vntill the 27, of the ſayd montth we came in fight of Cape 
Clere in Ireland. 8 


Che 


N., K N 


at 


ae Ty a 
eA, 


789 The voyages and diſcoueries A. ohn Dauis,3, 


Che 30,dap we entred io out owne chanell. 

Che 2. of October we had light of the Ille of Migbe. 

Che z. we toaſted all along the ſboꝛe, and the 4.and 5, 

Che 6 ol the ſayd moneth of October we came into the riuer ol Thames as high as Racclitte 
in (afetie God be thanked. a 


The third voyage Northweftward, made by lohn Dauis Gentle · 


man, as chiefe Captaine and Pilot generall, for the difcouerie of a paſſage to the Iſles 
ofthe Molucca,or the coaſt of China, in the yeere, 1587. Written by John 

Ianes ſetuant to the aforefayd Vl. William Sandetſon. 

4 May. a 

He 1 gg kebis pelentmoneth aborie midulg he, we weigher our ankers, fet faite: 
and dltom Dartmouth withttoo barkes and a Clincher, che one nav 
med the Clizabeth of Dartmouth, ehe other the Dunne ſbine of London, and the 
Clincher the Ellin of L onvdit : thus in Gods name we fet forwards with 
8 the wind at Noꝛtheaſt a good frech wale, About 3. ho wers after our departure, 
the nigbe being ſumwhat checke with darknelle, we had lolt the pinnate, che cap» 
Caine imugining that the men had runne away with her, willed the matterof the Bunne ſhine, to 
ſcand to Deawatds, and (ee if we could deſtrie them, we bearing in with the (ore for Plimmouth. 
At lengeh we deſtried her, bare wich her, and Demanded what the cauſe was: They anſwered that 
che tillet of their helme was butt, Mo Hheping our courfe Ciek Souchweſt, we went fozward, 
hoping that a hard beginning would make a good ending, pet fone of vs were Dowbefull of it, fats 
ps bs reckoning that fhe was a Clincher, neuettheleſſe we put our eruttin Goo, 

The 21. we mitt with che Red Lion of London, which came from che coat of Dpaine, which 
was aftaidthat we had bene men of warte, but we hailed them, and after a litle conference, we dell ⸗ 
_ Leathe matter to tarie our letters fo London, Sirected to my vnckle Banderſon, who pꝛomiſed 
vs Cafe deliuetir. And after we Gav heaued them a dead and a line, whereuuto wee had made fal 
our letters, before they tdulo get them intorde Mey, they fell into the ſea. and fo all our labour and 
theirs allo was loft notwithllaming they prothifedto certifie our departure at London, and fo we 
departed, andthe fame dap we had fight of Willie. Che 22. the wind was at Noythealt by Eat, 
with faire weather, mo the 2 3 und 24. che like, Che 25. we laden our feppes on the L ec fo the 
Dunne Hine, who was a rommaging for a leake, they had 500, Hrokes at the pumpe in a watch, 
the wind at Nonthwell. 5 rf t 

Che 26. and 27. we had faire weather, bus this 27. the pinnaces ſozemaſte was blowen ouer⸗ 
boo. Che 28. che Eltzabeth towed the pinnace, whith was fo much bꝛagged of by the owners rev 
port before we came out ot England, but at Sea ſhe was like to a cart Daten with oxen. Domes 
times we tower her berauſe the could not ſaile for ſramt wind. 

Che 3 i. dap uur captaine aſked it the pinnate were ſtanch, Peerſon anflwered that fhe was ag 
found and ancl as a cuppe. This made vs ſomethiug glad, when we lawe the would hꝛooke the 
Dea, and was not leake. ¥ 


Tune. 


5 6. dapes we had faire weather: after that for 5. dayes we hadfogae and rayne, the 
wind beyng South. The 12. we had cleare weather. The Mariners in the Dunne thine, 
and the maſter could not agree: the mariners would goe on their vo page a ſiſbing, becauſe the 
peere began to waſte: the matter would not depart till hee had the companie ol the Elizabeth, 
whereupon the matter told our captaine that he was aftapd his men would ſhape ſome contrarie 
courte while he was a ſleep, aud ſo he ſhould looſe vs. At length after much talbe and manp theaty 
nings they were content to bring vs to the land which we looked fo; daily. 
The 13. we had fogge and raine. 0 
Che 14. dap we difcoueted land at liue ofthe clocke in the moꝛning. being very great and higb 
mountaines, the tops of the hils being couered with ſuo w. Here the wind was variable, ſomtimes 
Noꝛtheaſt, Eaſt Mortheak, and Cal by Nozth: but wee imagined our ſelues to be 16,0317. 
leagues off from the (hone, ö 
The 15. we had reaſonable cleare weather. N 
The 16. we came to an anker about 4.0 5 of the clocke after noone, the people came prefentlp 
f to 


A. Fobn 7 


to vs aſter the old 
tofet vp the 


pinnace was bui 
Se 
8 
fore they came to 
Saher, and laied 
tauſe we ſhould n 
arrowes which! 
perce, and fearing 
would ſaue a S. 
ſhot offthe Saker 
awap without leg 
could carie away 
ſhine manned his 
of them take that 
miles off, where 
came on ſhoꝛe and 
ed that the Elizab 
and ſtowed. 


dur captaine by w 
then to returne w 
gether, ¢ commit 
about 11.0} 12,0 
degrees of latitud 
the land to the #2 
betauſe there we. 
our thip, The 22. 

The 24. being 
fea birdes whiche 
ed two of the cour 
we ſawe their oar 
could, and when 
many ſignes: and 
with a bone in it. o 
he ſaw a knife, be! 
rowing after our 

The 25. in the 
iudgement 10. lee 
and Wwe gaue them 
trifles, and fora ki 
toates, m any thin 
ok them, about 20 
moꝛe fore of Chic 
maper, andthep! 

Whe 26. was t 

Che 27. faite v 


M.FobnDaws.3. ofthe Englifh nation. 


790 
to vs after the old maner, with crying ll y a oute, and ſhewing vs @eale (hinnes, The 15. we be: 
— — pinnate that Peerſon framedat Dartmouth, with the boobs tabich bee smite 


The 18. Peerſon and the Carpenters ol the ſbips, began to (et on the plankes, The 19. ag we 
r went about an Aland, were found blache Pummiſt ſtones, and fale kerned on the rockes very 
white and gliſtering. C bis day alſo the matter of the Dunne thine cooke one of the people, a ve» 

ntles: ty trong luſtie pong fellow. 
* " The 20. about two of the clacke in the mowing, the Sauages tame to the Thand where our 
es vinnatce was built readie to bec launched, and toe the tuo vyper Mrakes, and taried them away 
onelp ſoz the loue of the iron in the boods. Ahle they were about this pactife, wee manned the 
Elizabeths boate to goe a fore to them: our men being either afrayd oy; amazed, were ſo long bee 
loge they came co Nope, that our captaine willed them to Rate, and inade ig unner giue lirt to a 
ret fae! Maker and lated the piece leuell with the boate which the Dauages ntl on the one five, bee 
N tauſe we ſbould not hurt them with our arrowes, and made the bote their bulwarke againd the 
cau — arcowes which wee ſhot at them. Our Gunner hauing made all things readie, gaue fire to the 
and the peere, and learing tu hurt any ok the people, and regarding the owners ppofice, thought belike het 
da wich would ſaue a Srkers thot, doubting we ſhould haue octalion to ſight with men of warre, and fo 
* fhot offthe Saker withouta bullet, we looking Mill when the Sauages that were hurt Gould run 


away without legs, at length wee could perctiue neuer a man hurt, but all hauing their legges 
could carie away their bodies: we had no ſooner thot off the piece, but the matter of the Dunne 
fhine manned his boate, and came rowing towards the Jlland, the very fight of whom made cach 
of them take that he had gotten, and flie away as faſt as they could to another Iſland about two 
miles off, where they tooke the naples out of the timber, and left the wood on the Bile, ben we 
tame on fhore and fav how they had ſpoiledthe boate, after much debating of the matter, we agre⸗ 
ed 1 tee Elizabeth Mould haue her to liſh withall: whereupon the was pꝛeſently caried abo) d, 
and ſtowed. 

Now after this trouble, being reſolued to depart with che fick wind, there fell out another mat 
ter woꝛſe then all the ref, and that was in this maner. John Churchpard one whom our taptaine 
had appointed as Pilot in the pinnace, came to our Captaine, and maſter Bꝛuton, and told them 
that the good ſliy which we muſt all hazard our lines in, had ther bumdied Rrokes at one time ag 
che rode in the harbour: Chis diſquieted vs all greatly, and many doubted to goe in her. At length 
dur captaine by wbom we were all to be gouerned, determined rather to end his life with credite, 
then ta returne with infamie and dilgrace, and ſo being all agreed, we purpoſed to liue and die tox 
gether, e committed our ſelues ta the hip. Nom the 21. having bꝛought all our things abvoꝛd, 
about 11.0} 12, of the clocke at night, we ſet ſaile and departed from thoſe Illes, which lie in 64, 
degrees of latitude, our ſhips being now all at Bea, and wee ſhaping our tourſe to goe coaſting 
the land to the Monthwards vpon the Eaſterne thor, which we called the (hore of our Merchants, 
betauſe there we met with people which traffiked with bs, but here we were not without doubt of 
ourthip, The 22. and 23. we had cloſe fogge and taine. 

The 24. being in 67. degrees. and 40. minutes, we bad great Poze of Aba les. and a kinde of 
fea birdes wbich the Mariners call Cortinous. This dap about ſire of the clocke at night, we eſpi⸗ 
td two of the countrey people at Dea, thinking at the fir they had bene two great Seales, vntill 
we (awe their oares gliſtering with the Counne : chep came rowing to wardes vs, as falt as they 
could, and when they came within bearing, they held vp their oares and cried Il y a oute making 
manp ſignes : and at lat they came to v, giuing vs birdes fop hatelets. and ok them J had avarte 
with a bone in it oy a picce ol Unitonms home,as J did iudgr. This dart he made tore of, but when 
he ſaw a knife, he let it go, being 925 deſirous ol the knife chen of his dart: chefe people continued 
rowing after our ſhip the {pace of 3 bowers. 

Cbe 25. in the tt 7.of the clocke tue deſtried zo. Sauages rowing after bs, being bp 
iudgement 10. leagues offtrom the (hore s they bzougbt vs Salmon Ppeales, Birves and Caplin, 
and hoe gaue them pinnes, needles, bracelets, nailes, niues, bels,looking gluſſes, and other fmail 
trifles, and fora knife, a naile op a hactlet, which ebep call Ponigmah, they would fell their boar, 
toates , m any thing they had, although they were karte from the hore, Ae had but few ſkinnes 
of them, about 20. but they made fines to vs that il wee would que to che hore, wee ſbould haue 
mode (ire of Chichſanege: they ſtaied with vs til i 7. oftheclocke, at which time we went to 
maper, and they departed from vs. ' 

The 26. was cloudie,the wind being at South. 

Che 27 faire withthe fame wind, 


The 


No 42 74 me * aD. U ae: Ye 2. ah URN. ux dm N *. 


to” 
2 


— 
4 


5 


„ A K = 8 


a yo 


wa 
Xn. 


ey — 
74 „ 


* A 
3 “de sh 


2 
N 


>» 
32 


A. 


555 
A 2 x 
e 


“f° 


A “ony, wit vr a 


fy 


1 
ch % 


Se Se 
791 The voyages and diſcoueries M.Fohn Danis. 3. 


The 28. and 29. were foggie with clouds the 30. dap we tooke the heigth and found our ſelues 
in 7a. degrees and 12. min. of latitude both at noone and at uigle, the Sunne being g. degr. aboue 
72d am the Honison, At miduigbt the compalle (et to the variation of 28, degr. to the Aellwatd. Nom ba: 
dondon coat. wing coated the land which we called London coaſt, rom the 2 r. of this ꝑeſent. tilthe 30. the fea 
open all tothe Aeſtwards and Menthwards, the land on Rarboopd five Catt from vs, the winde 
ſbifted to the Noꝛth, whereupon we left that Gore, naming the ſame Hope Sanderfon, and ſbaped 

dur tourſe CNeſt, and tan 40. leagues and beiter, without the fight of any land. 


Iuly. 


1 ſetond we fel with amigbty banke ol Ice Melt from vs, lying Noꝛth and South, which 
banke we wou p haue doubled out to the Morthwards, but the winde would not ſuffer 
vs, ſo that we wert coaſt it tu the Southwards. hoping to double it out that we might 
baue run ſo farre Tiel till wee had ſound land, oz els to haue bene thoꝛowly reſolued of our pres 
tended purpoſe. 
The 3. we fell with the Ice againe, and putting off from it, we ſought to the Ronhwards, but 
the wind croffed vs. 
Che 4. ws foggie: fo was the 5, allo with much wind at Month. 
The 6. being very cleere, we put our barke with oares thꝛough a gappe in the Tee, ſeeing the 
Sea free on the Melt five as we thought, which falling out other wile, cauſed vs to returne after 
we had ſtaied there betweene the Ice. The 7. and the 8. about midnight, by Gods helpe we reto⸗ 
uered the open fea, the weather being faire and calme, and fo was the g. The 10. we coaſted the 
Gee. The 11. was foggie, but talme. 
The 12. we toaſted againe the Tee, hauing the wind at Tre noꝛthweſf. The 13. bearing off 
krom the Ice, we determined to goe with the More and come to an anker, and to fap fue 07 6. daits 
for the dilſdluing of the Ice, hoping that the fea continually beating it, and the ſunne, with the ex 
treme force of heate which it had alwayes ſbining vpon it. would make a quicke dilpatch, that we 
might haue a further (earch vpon the Wiekerne ſhoze. Now when we were come to the Caſterne 
toaſt. the water ſomething dee pe, and ſome of our t mpany fearefull withall, we durſt not come to 
an anker. but bare offinto fea againe. The ponre pesple ſeeing vs goe away againe came rowing 
after vs into the Mea, the waues being fomewhat loftie. Tie truckt with them fop a fem ſkinnes 
and dartes, and gaue them beads nailes, pinnes ner vles and tardes they pomting to the (hore, as 
though ehey would thew vs great friendthip : but we litte regarding their curtelie, gaue them the 
gentle farewell. and fo Departed. a 
The 14. we had the wind at South. The 15. chere was ſome fault either in the barke oy the fee 
ol ſome currant, feu we were Dpin€ 6. points out of our courſe. The 16. we fell with p banke of Tce 
Leit from vs. The 17. and i 8. were ſoggit. The 19. at one aclorke after noone, we had ght 
ol che land which we called mount Naleigh, and at i 1. of the clocke at night, wee were thwart the 
ſereights which we diſcouered the fir peere, The 20, wee trauerſed in the mouth of the ſtreigbt, 
the winde being at (Heft, with faire and cleare weather. The 21. and 22. we coafted the Noz 
therne coaſt of the ſtreighen. Che 23. hauing ſayled So, leagues Month welt into the Areights, at 
two a clocke after noone, we ankered among many Tfles in the bottome of the gulfe, naming the 
be ene ot ſume the erle of Cumbertands Illes, where riding at anker, a CAhale paſſed by our ſhip and went 
— Heh in among the Files, ere che compatle fet at 30. degrees ieKwardbariation. The 24, 
we departed, (haping our courſe Mourheatk to recouer the Sea. The 25. we were betalmer in the 
bottame ef the gulfe, che aire being extreme hote. Maſter Bꝛuton and fome of the Marmers went 
on ſbone to courſe dog. where they found many Graues and Trane ſpilt on the ground, the dogs 
being fo lat that they were (cant able to runne. 
The 26. wee had a pꝛetie ſtame, the wind being at Southeast. The 27. and 28, were faire, 
The 29. we were cleare out of che ſtreighes, hauing coated the South ſhoꝛe. and this day at noone 
we wert in 64. degrees ol latitude. The 30. in the afternoone we toaſted a banke of Fee, which 
lay on the hore, and paſled by a great banke o inlet, which iay betweene 63 and 62. degrees of la 
r lend zum titude, which we called Lumleis Inlet. Ce had oſtentimes as we failed alongſt the toast, great 
urs Aue. roctta, the water as it were whirling and ouerkalling. as if it were the fall of ſome great water 
warwnes tinouqh a bridge. The 3 . as we ſarled by a head land. which wee named A ruukes Fopeland, 
foyeland, we fell into one ofthoſe ouerfals with a freſh gale of wind, and bearing all our ſailes, we looking 

vpon an Bland of Ice betweene vs and the ſhoze, had thought that our barke did make no way, 


which cauſen vs to cake markes on the Mhopes at length we perceiued our ſe lues to go very ä f 
t 


M. lohn. 
the Island of J. 
chen our ſhip w 
coping, as it we 


ern 


8 N 


2 
4 Af 


. 3. M. lohn Dauis. 3. ofthe Engliſh nation. 792 
+ ielues the Iſland of Jee which we ſaw before was caried very fentibly with the ſet of the curcant faGer 1 
chen out ſhip went. This dap and nighe we a at guife, t whirli N 
haute roping, as it were the meetings of tives, BO ee RS te EES ig an Is 
the fea {tse 
ere. Auguft. 1 : SS 
dſhaped ö g 044 
lit toaſled a banker of Ice which was driven out at the outh of this 124 
fell with the Cape of che quife, which we named Chidleis Cape, w urn chidits Cape {hex 
6 and 10 minuten of latitude, Che 2.and 3. were calme and togꝑie, fo were the 4.5, and 47 
6. was faire and calme i fo was the 8. wich a litle gale in che g. The 7. Ben, Tay 
b, which and we had a litle gale at wight, Che 10. wet hada ft king gale at Clem NPorthmeſt. Che 11. Chr led ware 1 
rot ſuffer faire, Che 12. we furor fine Deeve on the top ct an Aland, called bp bs Oxties Illand. And wer an am. * 
e might boiled out dur boate, and went a ſwoxe to them, thinking to haue killed them. But when we INS 
out pre came on (hore and had courfen them twiſe about the Alland, they tookephe Sea and famine ty 7 
Wards Mans ditanc From chat 3. leagues. Mhben wee perceiued that they bad taken the Set, 77 
nds, but we gaut them ouer beraule out boat was fo ſmall that it could not tarie vs, and rotve after cient, a 
5 they lwamme fo laſt : but one ol them was as big as a good pꝛet ie Cowe und very fat, thei | 
as big as Oe fette. Here vpem this Bland J kilte wich my peere agrepbare, — 
cing the Che 13 inthe mowing we law 3. 0} 4, white Peres. but durſt not goe'on thoyeto then fo} 
ne after luckt ofa good boat, Chis day we ſtroke a tocke, ſetking foz an harbopo d, and tecemned a leche, 
we reros imd this bap we were in 54 of latitude. 1 
saften the Che 14. we Rope our leabe in a tome not very outtagious at noone, a 
The 15 being elmo in 51. degrees of acicude, and not finding our hips, nop (attoming to “eg 
aring off their pontife) any kind of marke, token op beacon, which we willed to fet vp, and * 
N 6,daits to doe ſo vpon euer y hend lend, Illand or Cape, within 20. leagues euery way off fromthen ~ 
ith theep Ahing place, which our appointed to be berwerne 54. and 5 5. degrees: This 15. F fap “4 
cha we we (haped eur courſe home ward led England, hauing in our thip but litle wood, and halle a bog Sua! 
Pend Rea of freth water. Our men were verp bling co Depart, and no man mene fopetward ben Bery : 
ae rome te fon, for be fearen co be put out of his eltice of the was fo pnfariare that che allo wanct 4 
rowing fr 8 
pfkinnes a 
fhore, ag hie 0 
1492 Z 
orthe fet ‘we, SRE, re 
of Ice Tbe f. L. eee all 5 
thougbt bales, 52. degrees op thercabout,tue i : 7 
Lent Cie 18. wns ice with a good gale at Cel. ep ee Ae 24 
krtigle, She 19, faireallo, but with much wind at Len aud by South. | Af) > 
oo hep Aunchus asker much variable tocarber ans change of windee, we aeviued te 15 f Scheme |e 
igbes, at in Dartmouth, Anno 1 $87. giuing thanks to God foy our fafe arriuall, N N 
ming the : : . * 7 ö 
pan went A letter of the ſaid M. Iohn Dauis, written to M. Sanderfon of 4 
Che 24, London, concerning his forewritten voyage. * 


ages pi io 2 yr Ig 
departure. ha Spied ca all open leagues 

: sever tanb enblanv: €be page auchn, evzcation vol cafe, 4a a ip 
comming pou Chall fullie know, the 15. of 13 Lanved all wearie, therefoye 
Fi pray you pardon np fhoxcaetle. Sandridge, this 1 6.0f , Anno 1587, 


Yours equall as mine owne, which 
by triall you ſhall beſt know 


lohn Dauis. 


en you with Gods great merry J haue made my ſaſe returne in health, 
* 


n 


— 7 


N. 


. 


— 
ab 


we looking 
t no wap, 
y faſt,. md 
the 


1 


> 

2 — 
é N 
. K. 


Pe 


An extract of M. Lanes letter, to M. Richard [Hakluyt Sane and 


another gentleman of che middle Temple, from Vi 
of is next before the Account of mafter Lane. Pagina 7; 7. 
Nthe meane while you ſhall vnderſtand that ſinte fie Rich. Greenuils departu 
e alſo les haue diſtouered the maine to bee che goodlieſt S e Ra 
. e —— oh ely bat 
ine b 
run Stes guns guest vag. tuck teuecall no: Italp hath no gtea 


Chpiftendome 
deuer 3 K 1 8 aay 


Aiden Fe auge 


5 


bp again 
anv for 


TH ae 
a < 
20 Det 


ſtrike bislalleg aud . — 
tg and toobe i 


: the right place where- 


kindes of flare, and one kind like filke, the 


cone fan bꝛe 
Terra Sataia, 


FF dapes we 


vponone cate, and the 
Terri ſigillata. Befives 


pn png anion en. ts of an huge burknow: 


and tomned , though fauagelie ann the climate fo wholeſome, 


fame doka 
haue found bere a Guinie wheate, whole eave 
Cuaue maketh very perfect ſuger, 
e 
Gator e 


ce we touched land here. To conclude, if Uirginia bad but Moꝛſis 


in ſome reaſonable proportion, I bare allure my lelfe hetug inhabited with Engl, no 


table to it. $07 this alrtadie we find, that what roumuodicies 
La Sandy ay i bene {optex,inoiles,in 

u e parts do abound with p gruwt 
chat poll fle the land, they knote na bit of the fame. dee 


cormmobities that no pat solche wal be they Melt en Eat Indies, haue 
great abundante of. The people naturally mot Mur, bere we finde 


be made red. Thus good 
temembzaute as two that 2 
dete rente Tau een 
hor 


Spee 


to bim anel 


very deſuvus ta haue clothes. hut cfpe: 


curteoua 

ofcourte cloth rather chen ſilke, courte canuag chev alſo iche wel ol hut roppencaricth 
cea esa and mater D. J baue iopned pou —— 
arclp well, and emmending me mon 


kartily to you 


ie Che nein Foyt Virginia this 3. Sept. 1385. 
„n moe at n. 10 


The sialage et out b the right Wile ai of Cumberland, in the yeere 


„1386. intended be South Sea, banperformed no farther then the latitude § 1 
5 to the South of the Equing iall, rab rr 


pad mene of Sune te s 6. and in the 28; 
26. bah yer 58°. the 28. peere ofthe Queens ma⸗ 


the barke Cliffon0, the 


ony 


Avmirall cailew 
burden of 260, 


Che 


j The Earle 


The next dap af 
but bp reafon of ti 
laſt we bailed one 
another fain the w 
Dur Admirall be 
led vs from purl 
ſeene what they 
The 22. day 
7. dapes. 

The 29. we de 
haue runne along 
ent home to my 
off in the fea fro 
of Barbaric, and 
of the Jllands of 
vpon a bill by the 
boates, and fence 
raggedknaues a 

guſt by the Curk 
tourſe, and fell ag 


The 25. day 
der our i ropike 
ouer. Andthe nex 
14.0) 15. league 
tame Downe 2. p 
Frenchmen vler 
tie there was no 
we went abooꝛd 
Keone thente til 
ligbening,. and g 
poled by the rij 
Noꝛthweſt, and 
ſeene:it was on 
offagaine, it pel 
Eat Southeatt 


The 21.0f D 
very high land, 
the land, and for 
high land we au 
into the harbour 


ſuoare with our 
Negrocs inhab 
would fuffer va 
giue aup thing 
Aber eupon the 
againe into our 
a watke, and { 
g withall 
about 30,calecu 
and what hurt w 
Chen weer 
bie fore ol liche 
backe were fo 
in diners places 


The Earle of Cumberland, ofthe Engliſ nation. % 


e K AA ˙ » ae, il ee 

The next dap after being the 21. gap, we eſpied 5 ſailes moe, which lape along to the Caſhwards. 
but by reaton of the night which then was neere at hand, we coulde badly 1 to them. Pet at 
lat we bailed one of the bin gelt of them, and they told vs that they were all of Hambrough ; but 
auothet Caio the was of Denmarke,fo that iu derde they knewneither what to ſay nc; what to doe. 
Dur Admirall being moze deſttous to follow his courle,then to linger by chaling the bulkes cal 
led vs from purſuiug them with his trumpet, and a piece of Ordinance, op els wee would haue 
feene what they had bene, and wherewith they had bene laden. 

sw 22,dap becaufe of conttaty winde we put into Dartouth all 4, of vs, aud tarried there 

7. apes. 

Che 29. we departed thence aud put out to (ea, and beganne out vopage thinking at the urſt ta 
haue runne along the coaſt of Spaine, to ſee if we could haue mette with fome good prize to haue 
tent home to my Lob: but our Captaine thought it not che belt courſe at the lalt. but rather kept 
off in the fea from the coaſt. And vpon Waturday the 17. of September we fell with che coalt septenter. 
of Barbarie, and the 1 l halled in with the roade of Sancta Cruz. The 21. dap twee fell with one 
of the Wands af the Canaries, called Forteuentura. In tunning alongſt this Illand, we eſpied 
vpon a hill by the water fide, one wauing with a white flagge, whereupon wee manned both our Lancerota 
bontes anv ſent them towards the ſhoure tu viderſtand what neweg. They found them to he two wen at Bd 
ragged knaues and one hoeman,and they tolde vs that Lancerore was taken. and ſpoyled in Que giers. 
guſt by the Turkes: when we law they had nothing elſe to lap, we left them, and pꝛoceeded in our 
courſe, and fell agaiue with the toaſt of Barbaric, 

Che 25. day ol September about 10. of the clacke we fell with Rio de Oro, ſtanding iuſt vn mio del cus, in 
der our i ropike: we aucred in the mouth of it in 8. fathome the entrance of it is about 2. Icagues 23.000 ane 
ouer. And che next day our Captaine with the boate ſeatched the Riuer, and found it to be as d 
14.0) 15. leagues bp, as at che entrie of it, but founde noto ne nop habitation, ſauing that there 
tame Downe 2. pooze men, g one of them ſpake good Spaniſh and told our Captaine, that ce rtaine 
Frenchmen vled to come thither. and laded ſome ore hides, and goates hide s, but other tonnnodi⸗ 
tie there was none. Me depatted thence the 27. dap, and the laſt dap of the moneth being calme 
we went abooꝛde our General, and there tonſented to goe fop Sierra Leona, to wood and water. 

From theme till the 10. af October we were much becalmen with ertreeme botte weather, much 
Lighening and great tore ol raine. C is 10. day we ſounded, finding a great currant as wee ſup⸗ tober. 
poled by che ripliug water, which alter wee founde to be an opdinarie tide. che loud letting tothe 
Nonthweſt, and che ebb Boutheaſt, and here wee had but 18, fathome water, and no lande to be 
ſeene: it was on the ſouthermolt part of the ſhowles that lye in about 11. degr. but halliug South 
offagaine, it preſeutly detped vnto 50. fachome , and after halling Woutheaſt, ar. d by Eaſt, and 

Saft Southeaſt, we founded, but had no ground in 120. fathome. 

The 21. ol October we fell with lande vpon the coaſt ol Guinea, in the height of 8. degrees, a 
very high land, but of no great length: it was the bigh land ouer Sierra Leona. Iꝗte dʒe er into 
en, th the land, and found neere the Hoare more water then in the offing : at the Ronen ende of the 
den, the higb land we ancred about a mile, and ſame what more from the ſhaare in 1 1. fathome. To goe 
by Me into the harbour ol Sierra Leona we did boprotwe vpon the Southlide. hauing no ground in 10. fa, Sierra Leona, 

P ehome, halle a mile fromthe Moare, Upon the Morhlive of this harbour is very fhoale water, but 
on che Southſide no feare, more then is to be feene. 

The 22. day being Sunday wer came to an ancre in che Bap of kreſh water, and going a 
ſboare with our baate, wee ſpake with a Portingall, who tolde vs that not farre off there were 
Negrocs inhabiting and that in giuing to the king a Buttiſio of wine, and fome linnen cloth, hee 
would fuffer va to Water and wood at our pleafure, But our Captaines thinking it not good to 
giue any thing Foy that which they might take freely, landed, and certaine of our men with chert, 
Dhereupon the Portingall andthe Negroes ranne all away into the woods, Then we returned 
againe into our boates, and prefently went and landed in another place, thinking to haue letcht 
& walke, and fo to come to our boates againe. But wandering though a little wood, wee were 
ſudden ly and bnawares vpon a towne of the Negroes, tubereupon thep trooke vp their dumme, |, 
giuing withall a great howe, and off went their arrowes as thicke as baile, Ne were in nontber he Megan 
about 30,calecucts, and 20. with our weapons, ubich we allo let fic into the woods among them, 
and wohat hurt wer did, we know not. . 

Chen wee returned to our boates, and cooke wood and water at our pleaſure. and rtaſona · 
bie ore of Aye, and amongſt che teu wee balled vp a great foule menfter, whole bead and 
backe were fo harde , that no Moye coulde enter it : But being thzull in vuder the belly 
iu divers places, and much vvended, he bowed Nee in his mouth, as a man n 

cec. 


* 
Ww mas 2 * 


* 
„ aos A 


5 2 I 2 N 
oF fm AN 


ere ree ‘ 8 eee 

e 75 Pan ow h- owt Kh ＋ ¢ ) 

ew oA 1 * Xe , L Z 5 (J 1 
3 9 


bend * N * 


„ 
NIS M te ot 


“eI UNS 
oe de IN * aD U ** b. 4. a. wr de SO aN. & des 


1 


795 Ihe voyages and diicoueries T heEarle of Cumberland, 


EE ES ——— — reer AEN annem 
girdle of lether about his hande, ano likewiſe the prom of a boare ſpeare: ee was in length about 
nine pats and had nothing in his belle, but a certaine quantitie of fmall Tones, tothe value of 
a pottel. 

Nouenibtr. The fourth of Nouember wee went on fhoare to a towne of the Negroes, which ſtoode on 

Another great the Southeaſt five of the harbour, about a Spucar ſbotte from the roade, which wee ſounde to bec 

and nne tom ne bit late lp built: it was ot about two hundzeth bouſes, and walled about with mightie great 

ll i trees, and Makes ſo thicke, that a ratte could hardly get in oz out. But as it chaunced, wee came 

ö directly vpon a pot which was not ſhutte vp, where we entred with ſuch flerceneſſe that the pra: 
ple fledde all out of the towne, which wee founde to bee finelp built after their faſhion, and the 
ſtreetes of it ſo intricate, that it was difficult fo2 vs to finde the way out, that we came in at. Wee 
founde their houſes and ſtreetes fo flnely and cleanely kept, that it was an admiration to vs all, 
for that neither in the houles nop arcetes was fo much du to be ſounde, as would üll an egge 
chell. Wee founds little in their houſes, except Come matts, goards, and ſome earthen ports, 
Dur men at their departure fet the tonne on ite, and it was burne (forthe mott partof it) in a 
quarter of an houre, the houſes being couered with reede and ſtrawe. 

After this we ſearched the Countrey about it, where we found in diners plaines good fore of 
rice in ſtackes, which our men did beate out and brought abooꝛd in the huſte to the quantitie of 14, 
02 15. tunnes in both our ſhippes. 

The 17, day of Nouember wee departed from Sierra Leona, directing our courſe fo the 
Otreight of Magellane, In this harbour divers of our men fell ſicke ol a dileaſe in the belly, 
which for the time was extreeme, but (God bee thanked) it was but of ſmall continuance, Mee 
kounde alfo in diuers places of the woods, images fet vpon pinnes, with diuers thinges before 
them, as egges, meale rice, rounde ſhot of tones, and diners other thinges, ſuch as the barbaroug 
people had to offer vp. 

Ahen we came neere to the Line, wee found it nothing ſo hot as it is at Sierra Leona, by rea: 
fon of the great winde aud raine. 

0 About the 24, dap of Nouember one op two of our men died, and others alfo were ſicke of a 
alentura. 

Jannarte. The 2. day of Januarie wee hav a little ſight ok lande, being about the heighe of 28. degr. to the 
Douthward of the Line. : 

The g. day we fell with the Hoare high and bolde, being in zo. degrees, and a terſe, little moje 
oz leſſe. Allof it to the Noꝛthward was a high land, dit to the Mouth warde it did pꝛeſentlyfaile, 
and was a verp lowe land, and afl ſandie, About fire leagues from the ſpoare wee ſounded, 
and had about 15, 02 16. fadome water and blecke ſandie oze. ice thought to haue gone to the 
ſhoare, and to haue watered, but we could not diſterne any good harbour, and therefore wee cat off 
to ſeaward againe. a 

The 12. day wee found our ſelues in; 2. degrees and 27. minutes. From che day of the Wari: 
nitie of Chyilt, till the 13. day of this moneth, although the Dunne was very neere vnto vs, pet 
wee found no want ol windes but variable as in England, and not fo hotte but that a mans ſhoul 
ders might well dilgeſt a frife gowne, and his bellie the heft Chyiſtmas cherre in England, yet 
we for our parts had no want, but ſuch as might content honeſt men. N 

The tench day being about d. leagueg from the ſhoare, and a little (hort of the Riuer ok Plate, 

g it was my good happe to eſpie a ſaile, which was a {mall Portingall bounde forthe Niuer . to a 

MPoringal towne called Sancta Fee: and from thence by honſe and cartes, the Parrbants, and part otheir 

wherein was goods were to be tranſpoꝛted into Peru. This ſhip being about the burthen of 45.0 50. tunnes, 

adam g gehe we tobe that dan about ther of the clocke, wherein there was for Maſter oꝛ Pilote an Eng lich. 
an&ngiths man talled Abraham Cocke home in Lee, Me examined him and the reſt concerning the Mate of 

before by tte. the Rluer. and they tolde vs that there were in the Riuer 5, townes, ſome of 70, houifhotos, a 

mon of; ſome of moze. The Art co wne was about 50. leagues “p the Riner called Bonos Ayres, che reſt 

London 1581, ſome 40. ſome so, leagues one from another, fo that the vppetmoſt towne is 23.0, leagues from 
the entrance of the Riuer, called Tuckaman. In the townes is great fore ok tonne, cattell, 
wine, and (undp fruites, but no money of golde o; ſiluer: they make a tertaine kinde of ſlight 
cloth which they giue in trutke of ſuger, rite, Marmalade, and Bucket, which were the commods: 
ties that this ſhippe had. 

They had aboode alſo 45. Negroes, whereof euery one in Peru peelde 400. buckets a piece, 
and beſides theſe, there were as palſengers in her two Portingall women and a childe. 

Another o The 11. day wee eſpied another faile, which was the conſozt of this er onal ane him 

taken, allo wee cane chale, and tooke him the fame day: her was of the burthen of the other, — 
ap 


— 
land. 
th about 
value of 


ſtoode on 
ide to bee 
tie great 
vee came 
t the peo: 
, and the 
it. Wiee 
to vs all, 
anegge 
en potts. 
ofit) in a 


d ore of 
tie of 14. 


fe for the 
he belly, 
e. Mee 
es befoze 
arbaroug 


a, by rea: 
ficke of a 
gr. to the 


ttle more 
nelp faile, 
founded, 
one to the 
e taſt off 


he Nati 


o vs, pet 
6 ſhoul 
and, pet 


ok Plate, 


F AA y V age saieneteeaitins 
had in her good Hope of ſuger, Marmalade, and Muccats, with diuers 
ted dowunt in our boohe. Inthis ſhippe alſo we found about 3 Doge bem aa 
friers, of which one was an Frith main, ofthe age of tee dee twentte perren, bro Sn d cn 
Portingall women alfo, which were bone in dhe riuet of Gencro, Both chefe hippes were 
— Braſile, by & pong man which was Fact; lo; the a Tucuman ame 

bp chat bilboppe to polleffe a nrwe MPonafterie, twas then a buil 

» beades, and pictures pa jt atthe 2 conleſſed / ahout 


Ol chete Chippes wer learned, chat Drak ote 
pis bake ar wd of i: ys Plas 8 e — 9 The newen of 
Manages, all lun ea them wach tte fant tater taken captines 6 
and bled chem ver bers eee eee 


moje of theis ee kl totone of che Spa- 
niards. Faire weather 8 en Lia Bee mt hac 


e, lermed tobe a nun of 
the Riuer ; bee tolde met 
on the 

on the ſame 

which 


cone twife in the peere, 
ion, and Tuccaman, 8 te 


wale ag.bap te tobe into LOR EERO PCN bp maſter 
aw 


Che 1.0f Febyuacy Atoche the firme in 3. beg. Aun the 3. dap Atsckt ic againe ¢ A found Sana 


to be t. degrees. 
Che 7. day el Ff Capeaine 9p, Lift in one of the 
= se ea mbna en 
vs. le our „. - n at our 
Captatnes cabbin, where were {et in ceunſell fo) eee tar on 


William ais Mafter of the Barke Clifford. 
Dauid Collins, 3Triftran Gennings, 
Maſter William Withri . 
Matter Beumond Withrington. 
Mafter Waſnes. enue reg 

ect 8 


„ e 7 TN ED aL 


— ee 


“~ 2 


Kere 
1 2 Sa i 
7 p 
7 7 — le ew 
7 s ww. . 


FP ta eA + 


eon 
N 


. 9 n 
en d i 


Y x 
n 


WN 


i ale ea 


Nader Wilkes, 
M Harris. re 
Thomas Anthoniee. 
J licholas Porter. 
I The Maſter Gunner: in 
Alexander Gundie fs mate. 
wai iy ig Sarracol. 6 
to mnie cing all afferbien together, aſter ol the Admirall verlatro 
cauſe of our e E i 
like ly to all mens eee — 
then che heal hot dur nen, and laty the fate gerd vl ota pe argen : 
Fe me 
; 5 in bee gene Wis out deb nen 
2 hauings appointed ir to be made, and by the grace of God to be performer by vs for 8 
a.’ But for a8 much 40 oe ut ee b den Soe verte do be Titre ſpent, as alſo the windes 
to hanf che weather dawes on tolder 7 — nigben longer and longer, our 


Nen 
antude of 44. 
Degress. 


fo 
ga de fo 
eae 
and J, doe t er thin it good fop che wealth of our vo fA menjann ſafetie 

2 eo qoe rome Lith the coe erb l, tere By ave gree wee helf elt n 
our oe es, e ateſt want, and other necelſaties. 

elides i ere to sby the Portin als which toe baue taken 

no doubt, but thatby Gods helpe and our endeuour, tice thal beable to take e 
at our pleaſure, which if wee voe put in practife, and doe not performe tt, being lome what ab. 


but water, which in ſo tolde a Countrey as che MDtreinixs, if we 
to winter, would no doubt be a N 


put 
uiſed by chem, they offer to loofe their liues. And hauing by this meanes victualed our ſeluen, 


wer may there ſpende vpon the coal fome tinee oz foure moneths, e 
wae ba od 2 on on thing to content my Lopde, and 9 
ons. And allure pour ſelues (by the aſliſtance of God ) wee will not returne ö 
66 
if there bee any of pou, chat can giue bettet courſe anv aduife, then this which J baue deliucren, 
7 — fpeake, and wee will not onely heare him, but thanke bim for his mid, and fol. 
To this (peach of M. Anthonie, M. Lifter our ine anſwerer in - 
ton, M. Anthonie both, pou know, that the ten topos pec pon a be Wing 


„„ „%%% C py! fee be anon dao abd adel 


we might perchance meete with ſuch a purchaſe, as chat we might tetu 
and therefore I fee no ſafetie howe wee map dare offer to goe rent ents Wong iene tbe 
Sttaights as we greife my part J neither dare nop wil confent vnto it extept we be further foꝛ · 
oe 4 — wie he econ st aft fo len this peere is extuſed fox the next, and 
returne in viſgrace wich my Lond. 
1 beth the 7 — M. ol the Admirall rep lied that they were all of that minde: pet 
88 roome the vopage was ka ber polbitte to be perfoymeo,then t in 
nig either in the Streigbts, oz at Port S.Iulian, all things confivered. And fo agreeing, and 
pci all in one,chep were determined prefentlp to beare vp. i 
Che nett vay being the 8, of Febyuarie, there fell out many and diuers (peaches on ethe “art 
concerning the altering of eur courle, ſume would continue fo; the Wernig hes, and otherſome 
would not. TAhereupon a virwe wur caken in both ſhipyes of victuals, and reaſonable tore was 
found for both companies: and the winde withall comming to the North, we determined to take 
8 beſt neceflaries that were in them, and fo tat them off, andto plie fo the 


All this time we helde on our courfe, and the 15. day wee leund tur ſelues height 
— 4 — . 1 3 to the South, wlth tears raine, 9 other mat 
tinuin 6. 
5 g in chat {ort 5.02 6. dapes in which time we hulled backe againe into the 
Dundap being the 20. of Febzuurie, our Admirall being ſomething to che nnen 


ech enen that we haue not left aboue two moneths biſket, our winde in a maner al ſpent, 


e ache be page: theſe things confivered, boch out Captaint, alter Hood, 


ag ol che yeere, and ſo proreede, accopoing to my Lops ditecti · 


The Earle 


aud the lloꝛme fo 
would fpeake w 
Captaine Wich 
with che coat of 
Our Captaine o 
notwithſtanding 
Seeing then ch 
The 21. dap 
our Admiral ba 
upon our whole 
our ſelues, and le 
out the companp 
bare with him. a 
llender, and then 
to be relieued,! 
the Barke, to en 
our aleeuers no 
confivered alſo, 
tinued in this ¢ 
moſt de ſirous to 
fhippe, but that! 
thinke wel of hi 
to follow the Ad 
The 10. dap 
ouer Boge at 
The 28. day 
Streights, and 
next dap could 
The 5. day 
and a terle, and 
the pinneffe an 
with 18. good n 
in the moming 
the roade of Ca 
that belonged t 
fure, hating al 
the Canoa. 
The 11. day 
ming in with 
but they loft the 
foʒ the roade as 
therefore we cai 
thente, but pet 
At our com 
was a hulke oꝛ 
Myvinance : che 
but not one tou 
time to be idle. 
towne tagether 
The next da 
ſome of them: b 
gaine the next 
ofthe Countre 
cordingly perko 
and gaue very 
about our cares 
all to fninke « 
ſelues, ſome w 


NER NE RY 


The Earle of Cumberland, of the Engliſh nation. 798 


aud the ſioꝛme ſome what cealed,put abꝛoade his flagge in the nuzen Myowns, as a token chat bee 
would ſpeake with vs, and thereupon wee bare roome with him, and hauing bailed one another, 
Captaine Wichrington ſhewedthe diſpoſition of all his companie, which was tather to go roome 
withthe coatt of Braſil then to lie after that fone in the fea with foule weather, and contrary winds, 
Our Captaine on the other five, thetven the contraty diſpoſition of his men, and company, willing 
notwithſtauding to pꝛocee de: but in the ende, both the Oxppes fell alunder, and our Captaine fair, 
Seeing then there is no remedie, J muſt be content, though againſt my wil. 

The 21 day the weather grewe faire, and the winde good atthe South forthe Streighes, yet 
our Admiral bare roome ſiill. we ſuppoſuig he would haue taken the benefice of the time: wheres 
upon our whole companie beganne to thinke of the inconuenientes that would ariſe bp deuiding 
out ſelues, and looling our Admiral being very willing to continue their courſe, and pet not with 
out the company of che Admirall. And then wee beganne to ctaſt about after him, and at the laſt 
bare with him, and hee tolde vs, that vpon a ſetond viewe of the victuals, hee founde their Rope fo 
llender, and their want fo great, that there was no remedie ko; them but to ſeeke ſome meanes 
to be relicued, which was the onelp cauſe that hee bare oꝛthward. This ſpeache made vs of 
the Barke, to enter into a newe conſultation: and wee founde many of our men weake, and all 
dur caleeuers not ſeruiceable, and the Smiths that ſhould mende them to be in the Adynral. Met 
conlidered alſo, that by breaking of comnpanic,eche ſhippe ſhoulde be the moze weakened: we cons 
tinued in this conſultation till the 24. dap, and in all that time founde Maſter Captaine Lifter 
mot de ſirous to accompliſhj and ta Fulfill the vopage, and not willing in anp cafe to turne his 
ſhippe, but that the deſite which we all had co continue in conſozt with our Admirall. made vs to 
thinke wel of his companie and in Ane, an agreement and concluſion was thus made on all fires, 
to follow the Admiral, without any mone calke of the Streighes till che Spring, 

The 10. day of March, it fell out fo vnfoztunatelp, that Samuel Teller our Maſters mute, fell arch 
ouer boond, and fo periſhed, we being not able by any meanes to retouer him. 

The 28. day being in the height of 21. degr. we efpied a ſaile, which we iudged came out of che 
Streights, and had rich lading, but che night being at hand, wee lok her very vnluckelx, and the 
next day could haue no fight of her. 

i The 5. day of April we fell with che lande of Brafilia in the height as J tude of 16. degrees au 
8 per and a terle, and our Captaine went then abooꝛde the Admiral, where they concluded to ſeude 
r the pinnelle and our boate a (hoare for freth water, betauſe wee ſtoode in neede of it, which did fo 
and with 1 8. good men, and ther op foure tunne of water cathe, They were from vs, till the 8. dap 
in the moming, at which time wee eſpied them againe, and that day wee came all together into 
the rade ol Camanao, where there came a Canoa abooꝛde vs, ann one of the chieſeſt Portingals 
that belonged to the place. Mere wee tooke in becfes, hogges, water and wood at our plea 
Nithring fure, hatung almolt no man able to refit vs, but fome of our Portingals ole from vs in 
5 Canoa, 
+ oll eb che 11. dap wee entred into the hauen of Bayea, where wee were reteiued at the point com eyep come in⸗ 
n ming in with two great pieces of Owinance, which vifcharged bullets at vn 5. times a piece, 2 the riuer of 
1 but they loft ſhotte and powder, and did vs no harme. After we had paſſed the point, wee halled in 
2 0 for the roade as clole as the winde would permit vs, but could not come ſo neere as we defired, and 
ne therefore we tame to an antre a faire birth off che towne, not without great ftoze of ſhotte ftom 
K thente, but pet our harme was none at all for ought they could doe. 
At our comming in. wee founde in the roade eighe ſippes and one caruell, of the which one 
was a hulke o; double flie boate of the burden of 250, tunnes, having in her 24. pieces ol good 
Dyvinance sthee withthe reſt of the hippes, together with the totone, gaue bs lbotte, and ſbotte, 
but not one touched fo much as anp of our lailes. And leaſt wee ſhoulde feeme in the meane 
time to be idle, wee repaped toy euerp thot of theirs tu oꝛ chee fometimes at the thippes and che 
tobe together. ae 
The nert day at night wee thought to haue halled in wich the hipped, andto haue fetched out 
ſome Acme the . blewe then offthe ſboare, fo chat we tould not polſibly doe it. And a⸗ 
gaine the next day at night we contludedto goe with our owne two boten and two other boates 
okthe Countrey which we had taken befche, which went with carne! faites into the roade,anh ace 
cordingly perfourmed the fame, notwuithltanding the forte of the enemie. The Moone did ſhine, 
and gaue verp good ligbt, and in wee went with our carucls and bostes, umtbe mg Ainge 
about our cares as thicke as baile: but the Portingals and tbe telt, percetuing bs no Bony 
all to Mninke 0 bee dilmayed, fofooke their Mappes, and begame to pꝛouide on them 
ſelues, fome with their boaten, forme bp Faces ag 4 wie entred the ſhippes Ph wg 
: 9 


„ Ge We 


RISKS BAS 
1 | 1 


— 
* 
n 


7 
an , 
TZ ml AN 


ar 1 
A TL 


4. 
ie 
52 
E 
> 


„. PG. 


N 


Ar x. 


AA 
T= ROLY > 
I ADA AN 4% 


N. 


* wet 
RELIST 
. Ne 


4 
‘ 


eae we ew 
Vx du Ni aN. * an 


— 


0 


wübſtandmg 
thethecoftpe * 
eneime, 


799 The voyages and diſcoueries The Earle of Cumberland, 


— ete 


Die bc Found few co refit vs: but pet the ſhaare not being a cables length from vs. they did ſo 
plie both their great and (mall odinance at vs, that it much annoyed vs: But pet fop all that we 


Ther tale . made light of their ſhotte, and our men of che Barke Clifforde entted the Admiral and Uite ad» 
ie erb or mirall, aud out Apnurals men entred two other ſbippes of the like burden, and pyeſently euery 
BWapeanore one cut the cables in the Pauſe, and ſo hy the helpe of God in deſpyight ol them all, wee bꝛought 


er foure of them. The leak whereof was of the burthen of one hundjech and thirtie 
unnes. l 


In this bolle che hutke ſpotte at vs manp times, but did no hurt at all: but at the laſt wee 


comming by che hulke a uewe prizes, wee halled them and demaunded thence they 
utre they anſwered vs ol Fluſhing, aus then we commaunded him to waye ancre, and to come af: 
tet ds: And not daring to refuſe it, bee did fo, and bꝛought with him a tatuell with fourtic oz fiftic 
butts of wine in her, and another Gnall barke. which bad little oꝛ nothing in her : and tidde by vs 
a9 onc of our companic, and was a ſhippe ofthe burthen of 250. tunnes. Dur hard happe was 
to finde no great matter, either ol Marchandiſe op victuals in theſe hippes,fauing in one of them 
3 4. butts of wine in another 2. in another one, ard ſome liſh and all the reli of their lading 
was on ſhoare. 

All this was done vpon Eater eue, and we gaue thankes to Gon, that wee bad ſpedde fo well: 
and that very night there came a boate from offthe cowne, with a Dutch marchant, and one Por- 
tingal, to offer ſome ranfonre for the ſhips, as they ſaid, but as I iudge rather to eſpie our ſtrength: 
we kept chem that night abooꝛ d, and the next day we ſent chem to dur Admiral. 

Che next day being ECaſter dap aroſe a very great ſtome, inſomuch that our caruel which we 
fir cooke bake from vs, and one of eur nt we prizes alſo, by meanes of the breaking of her cable, 
ſlipt away: whereupon, alchough che winde was great, and the fea troubleſome, pet we ſent cers 
taine of our men in our boate to recouer them ifthey might, but we feare, that the tage of the wea. 
ther bath caufed vs to leeſe our men. and prisesto, 

In the middeſt of ty 's tome, out to Spaniards which wee tooke in the Riuer of Plate, (ee: 
ing vs all buſie about our prises, beganne to thinke howe they might eſcape our handes, and ſud⸗ 
denly ſlipt both out of one of the Cabbins windowes, and by Cwimming gotte a thoare, a thing 
wih /h feemed to vs impolſible, conlidering the outrage of the weather. 

cis ſtoyme continued long. and pꝛeuented vs of making our intended attempt againſt the 
tote ue. hauing as much to doe as pollibly we might, in keeping our ſhiys and prises from running 
a tho. re,and falling into the hands of thofe that ftood gaping greedilx fo} our ruine. 

Cie 19. day the ſloꝛme being a litle ceaſed, wee all wayed and came to an Illande that lyeth 
next ee from the Bay, aud the 20, day wee went on ſhoare, and our Carpenters ſet vp 
dur pint 0 ' : 

The 23, day the people of the Countrep came downe a maine vpon vs and beſet vs rounde, 
and ſhot at vs with their bowes, and arrowes, but in hort time we cauled them to retire, and many 
ok them were caried away by the helpe of their fellowes, although wee had ſome ol our men hurt 
with fome of their arrowes, 

The 24. dap we reteiued out of the caruell 12. butts of wine, and 4, barrels of ople, and halle 


a quarter, 
The 26. ok Apꝛill our pinneſſe was lanchen: and the fame day came downe vnto vs a great 
nomber of Portingals and Indians, with whom we ſkirmiſher the {pace of 2. houres to their coſt. 
Che 2. day of Maythe Admirals boate went a ſhoare with 14. men to fill water, and pꝛeſently 
being on ſhoare, they were intrapped with two 07 300. Indians which alſaulted them, and ſlew one 
67 two of our men, but the ref eltaped not withſtanding the nomber ol the enemie, and came ſale 
agatne with water to the thippe, Me fuffered this lolle by meere negligence, and want of cits 


Che 5. day the Captaine ofthe Admiral himſelfe, tooke a final barke. his otwne litle caruel, our 
pinneſſe ¢ the Dutchmans boate, ¢ at night went to ſhoare to get victuals amongſt the bullockes 
which were in the ſields : and in the moming they were gone lo farre, that they were out of fight, 
Ahieh being perteiued by ÿ enemie, they pꝛeſently made ready their gally fo Admirall, with 4. 
carnels, with as many men in them as pollibly could thzutt in and fend one by another: and they 
bart ouer with the Moꝛth ſboare to meete with our pinneſſe ¢ boats: whereupon our men fell into 

at danger although . Lifter our Captaine dif waded . Withrington from that attempt. by 

aping before him the danger both of bimlelfe ¢ vs allo. being fo far one from the other. But being 
once gone, there was no teme dy but they were to abide whatſdeuer might happen: we in the barke 
Clifford, although we were weaklp leſt, yet perceiuing § gally to make after our men, we * 


welcome, whi 
prefently after 
migttic Thoote 
Ip, with fmall 
boopdthem, al 
And furelp to 
the fe wnes of c 
uer ok all victo) 
that the enemis 
and whereas at 
bundꝛed men i 
their legges, b 
and the departe 
with the num 
ming abooꝛd 1 
ther noiſe of eu 
We lott in t 
mate, Laurenc 
mans man. e 
and thus it ple: 
men, againſt 6. 
thankes to his 
Mob touch 
was nothing 
which was tu o 
neere them by t 
ſhippes was 
Nowe whe 
were ſlaine, as 
ble otherwiſe t 
the ligbt. there 
their Maſters: 
th 400. me 
all: and J ame 
the Towne, he 
The twellt 
the complaint. 
ment of their 


4 
Bayca ſo, but 1 
pet to giue an 
and boates fo 


land. Type Barle of ( umberland. of the Englith nation. 


— ere eee ee ä — — 3 : 9 ‘ 
hey did ſo and purſued the Gallie, as netie the (hoare as we could couutuiently come lo; want of water: ö C7 
l that we the Vulke alſo wared, and came after vs, to followe the enenue, but the enemie with his oares aoe 
D Uite ad · gocte fight of our Pinelſe, and boates before we could, and bare directly with them: which bee 1 i 
uly euery ing eſpied of our men, and they ſeeing no wap to auoide them, made themſclues trabit, (not Toe 
e brought withſtanding the great oddes) to light it out like men, and to liue, and die together. Che courfe ö W 
nd thirtie 5 that they tooke fop their beſt aduantage vppon the ſudden, was this: they went all into the Pin · ais 
neſſe, and made fat the Dutchmans boate to one Gide, and the (mall Caruell to the other ide, and 1.4. 
e laſt wee ſo waitedthe tonnning ol cheencmie, giuing them Ari of all a peece of Drvinance fo their Jia 
ence they welcome, which they pꝛeſently reyaied againe with a peece out ol the pꝛodoe of the Gallie, and 1432 
o come at; prefently after, with che oy foure ſmall bzaſſe peeces, charged with baile ſhotte, and fo giuing a ö 0 
tie op fiftic mightie ſhoote, came all aboqd together, erpiug, entra, entra, but our men receaucd them ſo hot | 
dde bp vs Ip, with ſmall ſhots and pikes, that they killed them like Dogge s. And thus they continued as ad 
appe was boopdebem, almoſt a quarter of an hovne, thuming tohaue deuoured our men, pinneſſe, and all. Neg 
ve of them And ſurely to mans iudgement, no other thing was likely, in regard ol their great number, and 12 
eit lading the fe wnes of our men, x they at the firk thought that all was their owne: but God who is the gir 11 | J. 
uer of all victopies, fo bleſlep our final companie,¢ fo Qrengthned their armes, and minds to fight, 11 
e fo well: that the enemie hauing receaued a mightie ſoile, was glad to ridde himſelle fromtheir haudes: a seb ine ; 
pone Por- and whereas at their entrance, we eſteemed them to be no leſſethen bet wirt two hundjev,and chree Ten es bp ie lig 
Prengeh: hunozed men in the Gallic, we could ſcarſe perceaue twentie men at their departure Rande on aum otour 4er 
their legges, but the greater part of them was flaine, many deadly wounded, their gares broken, 18 3 . 
which we and (he departed from our men, hanging vpon one fide, (as a Bode that hath lot her left eare) 4 
her cable, with the number ol dead and wounded men, that lay one bpon another, And whereas their com ea 
e ſent cers ming abooꝛd was in a great bꝛauado, with dumme, (hooting aud crying they departed without ti ** 
f the wea · ther noife of umme od ſpeech. 146 
ie loft in this conflict of our men thꝛee onely, which were Alexander the Maſter Gunners 8 
Plate, fees mate, Laurence Gambrell a proper pong man of Hampton, and anocher that was Maſter Ben- tie 
8, and ſud⸗ mans man. ome alſo were hurt with the arrowes of the enemie, but the wounds are curable; | <4 
e, athing and thus it pleafed Almigbtie God, ok his great goodnes, to giue victopic to 50. 0j 60. Engliſh· des 
1 men, againſt 6,0) 700. Poztingals and Indians, for which we ceaſed not to giue uch dutiſull Ae ta hs 
gainſt the thankes to his Maieſtie as ſo miraculous a victopie deſerued. 4 0 
running Mow touching the purpole of our men, who made that attempt fop freſh bictuals, their labour 5 2 
was nothing loft hut in deſpite of the enemie,chep brought to our (hips 1 6,0) 17. young bullocks, 2 
that lyeth which was to our great contanti and refteſbing · As fop vs that were in dur (hip, we could not come * 
ers ſet vp neere them by tia mile, oꝛ moze to giue them any aide, pet we fuppole that the countenance of our | | p> 
' ſhippes was an encouragement to dur men. and fome manner of feare coche enemie. eas 
s rounde, Nowe whereas our opinion concerning the number of the Poztingals, and Indians, which er 
and many were ſlaine, as afopeſa id, was grounded at that time vpon our probable coniecture, not being a⸗ all ) J. 
men hurt ble other wiſe to tome to the knowledge thereof; vou Mall vnderſtande, chat the next night after | iq 
the fierbe, there came abooꝛd vs, two Judians vpon a Gyngatho, who were runne away from 5 
and halle their Watters: and they told vafo a bery good trueth. chat the Gallie went out from the Cowne iv” 
with 400. men in ber, but there came not backe to the Cowne againe aliue. aboue thirtie of them |=" 
ga great all: and J amongſt che reit, being deſirous to knowe of one of them, what the newes was at iS, 
ir coll. the Towne, he anſwered me with great laugbter. Todo eſta cecadoo en Terra. 7 


pꝛeſently 
D llew one 
came fafe 
ant of cits 


: 
5 


The twellth day, A was Lent lo to come a boo the Avmirall, about the Dulle: where yon 
the complaint of the Dutch men, Malter Withrington entred into bande to them fo the pay 
ment ok their fraig ht, but bowe my Londe will like chat bande of debt at our recunig, J knowe 
not. I gaue bim my aduiſe, and counfell,to get his band againe into his hands, 

The thitteenth dap, our Captaine ſent out of our thippe certaine victuals buco che Admiral, 
as one butte of digbt rife, two ches of cleane rife, one battellof oatmeate,oue barrell of peaſon, 
and one barrell of ople, becaute they were ſome what ſcanted of victuals, and we at chis time are 
to haue out of the Admira ll our part of fiue anv twentie chefts of fine ſuger. and moge, of eight 
cheſts, and fire.chetts that wert taken in the Baye of Todos Santos, at the Engenios, moje 
„ hats and other diuetz pillages, which were taken in the priles, and at 

are. 

The 14 day, being Munday it was concluded amongeit os all, notte leaue the Tonne ol 
Bayca fo, hr nottuichandiney the time that they bad to frengcben tbemſelues and the Tomne. 
pet to give an attempt fop the winning of it: audtherefoze we prouided our Pinneſſes, Caruels, 
andboates,fop che encerpple : and as tue ere Departing from out ſhipyes, 3 


7 —— 
2 
r 


1 


8 
~ 
a 


„ AXN. AR 


, — n 
b. * te Me IN * aa % ih Sb ZAR Vir de Nia Wren 


A 


801 


The voyages and diſcoueries The Earle of Cumberland, 


rectly contrarie to our courſe, ſo that our determination for that time was broken , and we retur · 
ned againe to dur lhippes: and to fay the trueth il the weather and wind had ſerued, our attempt 
N leerer 

0 be 7,03 8000. t pon »plapt vs: but neuer: 
che leſſe, we had proceeded, ifthe windes had fauoured vs. dehy 

Che 16. day we went to tertaine Ingenios of the Portingals, where we found che people ſled, 
and we entred their houſes without reſiſtante. lle ſounde in their purging boule 1000, pots ot 
ſuger ſomt halle purged,fome a quarter , and fome newly put into the pots: lo that euerp man 
tooke his pot of ſuger for their ppoutfien,and fer all che ret on fire. 

Che 17. day we all waied to goe to anather Ingenio , to {ee ik we could finde there better ſu 
get, and in the way, we met with a prife, which was a Caruell, which we found dyiuing with the 
dweather, and entred her, and had in her onelp thee F atolcons of pron, which our pinneile bꝛoug be 
awap, and ſette the ſbippe on fire, Dalamor in the ſmall pꝛiſe ranne fo latre in, that he hougbt 
his ſhippe on ground, where the lape three oz foure howzes, till ſuch time as there came from the 
Cone fue Caruels full ol men, which be ing percraued af vs, our Captaine, with our men, 
went to hem to aide him. Che Caruels came within Fawlcon thot of vs, but durſt come nonees 
rer, leaũt they might baue taſled of the like banket, that they receaued the laſt time. About halfe 
llood, tame the Gally againe, andthyee Caruels mope, but before they tame the barke was a floate, 
and ſet laile: and then they all went to gard their Angenios, which we had purpoles to vilite: but 
the night comming on, perſwader vs to the contrary, 

The 19. day we ſet ſaile to goe into the roade of Bayea againe, with our pinneſſes, and a flag 
of trute, to lee if we could retouer our foure men, which remained aliue of thoſe ten, chat periſhed 
in our boate, ot whome we fpake befoze, which foure were vnfoztunately fallen into their hands: 
but they at our appꝛoching neere the towne ſhot at vs, and doe as rtady as they, gaue them in all 
27. ſbot, and ſo ankered a little from the Towne to fee what they would doe. 

Che 20. day riding Mill before the Towne. our Admirall ſent a Negro afhoare, with letters 
from the Poꝛtingals, that wee had pꝛiſoners a booꝛd: the effect of which letters, was that ik wee 
might haue our men releaten,and de liuered vs they Mould haue theirs from our fhips. 

The next day in the moming, in Keede of their bloodie flagge, they put vptwo white llagges, 
anvfenta Gingatho off to vs with two Indians, with letters of anſwere from the Gouernour: 
but they would not conſent in any cafe that we ſhould haue our men, and willen their Poztingals 
to take their captinitie patientlp, for they would not redeeme them: a motion they made in their 
letters, to buy againe one of their prifes , which wee had taken out of the roade: but our Admi⸗ 
rall anſwered them, no, ſeeing they detained our men, luce would keepe boch their men, and 
ſhippes too. The fame euening wee wayed, and came out of the Hauen, hallt a league to Seca 
ward. 

The 22. we fet ſaile to ſea, and the 23. came to an Ffland 12. leagues to the Southward of 
Bayea, to wood. and water. 

The 24. dap being abjoad with our pinneſſes, we met with a Canoa, wherein was one oy 
tingall and fire Indians: we ſhot atthe Canoa, and killed an Indian, aud tooke the Pontingall, 
and one of the Indians, and byougbe them aboodd our ſhippes: we there examined them, and the 
Portingall confeſſed that there was a ſhippe laden with meale, and other btctuals, bound for Fer- 
nanbucke, hut put into a creeke,becaufe (he durſt not goe along the coaſt, hearing of our ſhippes. 
TUheteupon we manned both our pinnefles,and tooke the Poztingall with vs to goe and feeke the 
fame ſhippe . but that night we could not finde her. 

The 26. day we went againe, and found her, being halled hp into a crecke, where a man would 
haue thought a ſlippe boate could not haue entred: we found her in deede laden with meale pine 
cipallp: but the had alſo in her fourteene chetts of fuger,of which two were in powder, and twelue 
in loaues. Chis Hippe was of the burden ok one hundꝛed and twentie tunnes, and a new ſhippe, 
this being thelürũ voyage that euer the made, and as the Pontingall confellen, the was freigbted 
fo? Femanbuc ke, but the men uf Bayea hauing great want of bead, bought both the ſhip and her 
lading, and fo thought to Ray her in his creeke, till wee were gone off the toaſt: but it was our 
good happe . to diſappoint their pꝛetenſe, and to fetch ber from thence, where theythought her as ſafe 
as ifthe had bene at Lisbone. 

Che 28. day we deuided the meale amongſt vs accoꝛding tothe want of euery ſhippe. 

Che 30, dap, 16.0) 17. Dutchmen went with their boate frumthe Hulke to thoare,co fill wa · 
ter and vpon a ſudden they were aſſaulted with 50. 02 60, Poftingala, and ſu many moe In- 
ee ee 


Fhe Earle 


hurt but vet elta 
our landing. 


procecve fo) 
tote of bis particu 
our owne thippe 
Che 8. vay 
ofthe weather. 
Che 10, dap, 
befone all the con 
en iz want of ab 
the Illands of t. 


Che 20. day 
Fernanbucke, a 
to come into ha 
the kroward c 
rer we endeneur 
our otune courſe 

Che 24. dap; 
would got for ch 
part was sn 
water, and pet 

2 
no moje. 5 

Che 27. day 
Captaine allot: 
with euery man 

Che 1. ol du 
neth we tontinu 
ola Sprotofult 


inall 


letters 
Ac ik wee 


Me gges, 
ernour: 
tingals 
in their 
r Admi⸗ 
en, and 
to Dea⸗ 


ward ol 


me o 
tingall, 
and the 
o/ Fer- 
hhippes. 
tene the 


n would 
ale pin · 
i twelue 
ifhippe, 
eig bted 
md her 
was our 
tas ſafe 


fill wa · 
ode In⸗ 
t were 

hurt, 


—— 
* 
oe 


—ůů— — enseesttshesesentesnenaneneeeeeeay 
Tie Earteof Cumberland; ofthe Englin natiom. 802 


uwu- en wan fo) vs, carbs cucumſpett 5 aud carefull iu 
She bak vay of Pules, which wur called the George, and our Ab 
dother nertſlattes out of her, into them. The fame daythe 
A dvs to come a land: her 
vppon we went into our pinneſſes tach 40, thotre : but the to ward iy vil 
e eee be; br eee 
betmpe chem. rat flap bett apprech : fathep came Secke agalne, and wee filled water 
quictla,anbacous plenſue. „ ner 
The third day of Zune, dur Capeaine Balter Eiſter hung a gttat defire toy the performance une, 
of this vopage act wing tomp Loos direction went to out Adruall. and remueſted him to giue 
bam 6, buts of eae arts pak of fieth,nb to baue Thomas Hood and 7, 0) 
8. — 8 eas — and by Gods helpe, he with the barke Clifford, would alone 
proceeds Admixall mig htilp duthſtuode his motion, D 
tore parca eur 2 bis and would grant uo 
‘ 7. e. hauing no vſt at all of our prifes,twe burne ont, and cad off another, and 
our owne thippes with the neceflaries of them. n aun 
once 2 olf to lea, but yet with much adoe came againe to our aukring place berauſe 

Che 10. dap, the Admirall (ent for vs to come aboond him, and being come, he opened a Carve 
befope all the conmanie, and tolde vs, that my Loden bo page fo) the South lea, was ouctihyow · 
en ix want ol able men, and victuals, and that therefore be thought it ben to plye lo; ſome of 
the Illands of the CCiet India, op ihe Atores, to {ee if they could meete with ſome good pur 
chale, that might latillit my Lone. CTheſe werdes were taken heauilp of all the campanir, and 
no man would anſwer him, but kept ſil ente, fo) very griete to let my Loꝛdes hope thus deceaued, 
and his great expenſes and coits taſt awap. The common (ons ſeting no other teme dit, were cons 
tente to returne as well as be. 

The 16. dap, we eſpied a ſaile, whereupon our pinneſſe, and Dalamor gaut her chafe, and put 
her a ſhoare vponthe Illand, where che men forfooke her, and tan away with ſuch thinges as they 
could conueniently tarry: out pinnefie booꝛded her, and found little in her: they tooke out of her 
g. cheſts ul ſuger and one hogge. and z 5. peeces of petuter, and ſa left het vpon the ſands. 

From this time forward, we began to plynmthwards, and che fir ol July fel with the land a⸗ July 
gaine, where we liſhed, and found reaſonable good ſtope. I tooke the latitude that dap, and founde 
out ſe lues in ro. deg, 22. minuts. ’ 

Cbe 7. day tue determinedtofall wich Fernanbucke, aud we came foneere it, that Dalamor 
(as be tolo vs) eſpied ſome of che Oxpsehat wert in the harbour: pet notwwithſtanding we all fei to 
lee ward of the riuer. and could not alter that, by any meanes recoucr the heigth of it againe: but 
we ceafed not on all patts to endeuour the beft we could , aud oftentimes loſt companie for a day 
0} two ane of another, but there was no temedie but patience , for to Fernanbucke twee could not 
come, hauing fo much ouerſlot it to the noꝛthward and the wind keeping at the (outh,¢ foutbwett, 

Che 20. day J tooke the Sunne in 5. deg, 50. minuts, which was 2. deg. to the northward of 
Fernanbucke,and the further we weut, the more vntowardly dio the reſt of our ſhips woꝛ be, either 
to come into hauen, oꝛ to keepe tompanie one with another. And truly J ſuppoſe, that by teaſon of 
the kroward courte of the Adierirall,be meant of purpoſe to loſe vs: for Tknowe not how the nee 
rer we endeneured co be to him, the further off would he beare from vs, and we ſreing that, kept on 
our owe courſe, and lookt to out ſelues as well as we could, 

Che 24. day our whole companit was calledtogether to tonſultation. ſc our beſt courfes ſome 
would goe for the Tet Tnvia,(ome dirertly nontb for England, and in conclufion, the greater 
part was bent to plie bod otrt one Countrey con ſidering our neteſſarie of victuals, and freſbe 
hunter, and pet if any place were offered vs in the way, net to omit it ta feeke to All water. ; 

Che 26, day inthe moming, we elpitd a lowe Fano, but ue loſt it againt, and could deſery it 
uo moze. This day we found our ſelues in 3. deg. 49. minuts. 

Che 27. day we fearched what water we bad leit b, and found but 9. buts onelp, fo that our 
Captaine allowed but a pinte of water for a man a day. to pyeſerut it as much as might be, where 
with euery man was content,and we were then in number 50, men and hopes . f 

The 1. ol Augult, we found our lelues 5, derten co the Ruth mard of the line, all tobicl mo-. sugar. 
neth we continued our courte home ward, without touching any where: toward the ende where 
bierchen fel our in our Quthe whieh oct bauenftum ba in acaimeſel are bp 


— 


8 
„ . 


° r 


wy if A 
an. Uae. 


(Tas 


v * 


* fi. 


Via Ne STS 


be 


7 N oe 
r 
„ N. U. 


3 a * an CY \ * As ——— 
N 
N 
ny am 


oN 


N 


* 4 a» My 4 m dy aD. % BN A. 2 = J “aN Ur dn I u. ch 


— EEE — ees 
803 The voyagesanddifcoueries Brajilean diftances, 


forme great negligence ans peribev by chat meanes in che (cas, we being not able any waien to 
the ſbippe on to laut the men. 


uss fomewhat to te warben ofthe of the Alores: ama baking ue. 
web contearie windes.che 29. ofthe Came monet, toe beached che coal of Eugland, and & made 
an ende of che voyage. 


A very exact an 2 defcription of the diftances from place 


to place from t riser of Pleteyilyou come to Pette Guaras, northe 
ward,and beginning agai roar riuer of Plate, till you come tothe ende 
of the Sereighes lan, Southard ith the degrees of 
—— e 
be ner of n 10. mimus, vpon the Noth ſide el 
there lieth an Alland a le {hoare. 
* aa dies de Capua the land lieth noptheatt, and fourh- 


welt, and bertweene them are 5 5. leagues. 

Doutheat from che 20 Santa Maria there Leth an ‘3flandttwo leagues 
olfthe ſboare: and there isa good roade Reeve betineene it and the maine, an 
r 


Ede port of tom the Cape of Santa Maria tothe pox of Santo Pedro, pou haue 42. leagues,and all 
ale. 1 ae land lieth Wenbest and Conrbtoett and on the South fine the port of — 
eee off che hoare, 
be the porte of Santo Pedro, tothe poxtof Martin de Souza, pou haue 52. leagues ,and 


. Silat Nontheaſt, and d from the popte of Martin de Souza, to the Laguna, 
2 pou haue 42. leagues aud the land higher. Che courte is nontheaſt, aud by nonth, and Mouthimeſt, 
inthe bp Mouth: and there is an Wand 2, leagues offthe hoa, aubere — toade ſieede 


land of 8.0) * 1 —— perky: fland lieth north and 
toade, but ont {mall Alam bich lieth at che ſouth ende, 53 noh ende, called the 
Illand of Arburetſo, which ſbeweth as a great bettocene S. Katherins Alland, and 
the maine : in which Baye pou may cometo an anbrt, and — Manns ꝛ Ind the 
— ar 
rom erins Illaud 0 ter ranci CO, pon 2 
noꝛth, and ſouth, and the riuer ol S. Franciſco hatha great mouth, and lieth bp Eat, and Cell. 
and hath thꝛee Illaids, where pou map come to an anker, and the maine land is high. and 
From che riuer of S. Franciſco to e 15. leagues, the lande tietb nopheat, 
and fouchinett and in the mouth, there is a ſmall Ffland , chat tileth like a landle, and isa good 
toade, and ſtands in 26, ee eee 
From Cannanen to S. Vincent, 


inge aint baſtians Allan baue 12. eines — tourſe lieth eaſt noch 
@ebattians tom S. Vincentto S. Sebaſtians 0, pou 12. lei 
Sabo. . e eee 
ſheweth like a Cape land and fourhiwett from that Aland there lieth a ſmall Alland called the Il 
Spe Band of land of Alcatrarzes m thewwetha high pinnacle, 
„From. Sebaſtians Alland to Angra-deris ꝓou haue 16. leegues,anv the land lieth — 4 
— e eee 18 
Sener. riuer of Genero ftandgin 23. degrees, and rileth mich bas, an meat coe bls terest? 
ctwke = and a bigh pinnacle on the Meſt 
ca 
Cape tis. n leagues , and the land liech Caf , and 
welt, and this Cape when pou come out of the ea, itke an and and round: andixben 
pou come niere, it (hetvech like a 


i 


Braſilean 


it riſeth boken. 
Cape, but two l 
flands, and bert 
‘fione houſe by a 
From Cape 
the fame Bape, 
lames Illand, w 
leagues off thet 
betu 


From Para) 
and ſtands in 21 
From Mann 
and ſtands in 1 
From Taper 
ſouth weſt, and tl 
off into the ſea, a 
From the poi 
taſt, and ſouthw 
land Saluado, ¢ 
hils, and ragged 
ward orthis Gu 


From Spiritu 


marke. and fant 


chem high land, 


come as high as 
a league off: and 
the ſhoales to fe: 


Braſilean diflances. ofthe Englifh nation. 


— — 


. 
pa goes Lao — is the — Formole, — in the mouth of it 4.07 5. mall — Taue 

nde, an e the maine and 4 good toade * 
bse out — ima ce 8 And on the noſth ſide the Baye, thert is a 

From Cape Frio, tothe Bape of Saluador, pou haue nine leagues, and onthe Coouth five of The wepe ot 
the fame Bape,there are manp Iſlands and the lund lieth nope and ſouth, vntill you come co S. 4? 
lames Illand which is 1 2. leagues to the noꝛth word of the Cape, Chis J liand ol d. la mes 18 two The Als of 
leagues off che ſhoate, and hath two J lands bard bp pt, that Hewe all one ching, and thete 1s a 
—— — tant, hate a thot off che Iſland, an d thy tt is no dan 

A ide Ran 23. es, and 20. minuts, and 

f 5 wein : degre nd bath vpon 

tomt ndol S. lames tothe Cape of S. Thom aue 8. leagues, and the lan Cape &. 
me E be, gee Damen, eme 

rom the Cape of S. Ihome to Para yua,pou haue 8, leagues and the land ata pua 
eames in 21 6 — e 

rom Para yua to Mannage, pou haue 5. leaguts and the land lieth noꝛtheaſt, and 0 
and ſtands in 21. degrees. ‘ * . — a 

From Mannage to Tapemere, pou haue 5. leagues, and the land lieth nopehcatt and (ourbwwek, Capemere. 
and ſtands in 1. degrees. 

From Tapemere to Gleretebe, vou haue 4.0) 5. leagues , and the land lieth northeatk, and ctererede, 
ſouth welt, vid the fain point of Gleretebe hath a ledge of rockes, which lieth a leagut and a hall 
offineo the ſea, and che point is lowe land, and ſtands in 20, degrees, 45. minus. 

From the point of G leretebe to Guarrapate, you haue 7, leagues , and the courte lieth mot · Ouarravart. 
taſt, and ſouthwell: this Guarrapare hath an Illand lying offit, which is round, and is called Ff 
land Saluado, i barten, lying a league and a halfe of the ſboare, and the maine laude is high 
hils, and ragged, which is a good marke. and ſt ands in 20. Degrees, 30. minuts, and to the nont h 
ward or this Guarrapare, you haue 3, {lands which lie about 3. leagues off che matue lande, and 
betweene the maine and them, halfe a league off che Moate is a good roave, 

Ftom Guarrapare to Spiritus Santus, vou haue 8, leagues, and the land lieth Nth and by Soins 
Eat. and Mouth, and by Nell, and Spiritus Santus hatha ledge of tocks, lying offebe norheat ne 
point: and from this point about two — vp into the lande, pow Mall fee around high hill, 
which ſtands alone by himſelfe, which is very ragged, which is called the hill of Malter Alue, o 
Patter Hill, and pou ſhall {ee hence a great way off at fea, This Spiritus Santus is a great Baye, 
and bath many ſmall Alands in the middes, oz mouth, and che riuer lieth vp noztheaſt, and ſouth⸗ 
welt, and ſtands in 20, degrets large. b 

Ftum Spiritus Santus to the riuer Mangus. yon haue 6, leagues, and the land lieth Noth, and che uur 
South, aud this riuer Mangus maketh vp in the land 3, hils, lie round Jſlanda, which is a good Paugus. 
marke. and ſtands in 19. degrees, 0. minuts. 

From the tiuer Mangus to the tiuer Doulce, you haue 7.07 8. leaguts aud the land lieth noꝛth · Ki Boule, 
elit, and ſauth well. and it is very flat, a league and a halfe off che ſhoare, aud the land is lome land, , 
and bp in the land is a high bill, which lꝛeth along, as che coat lieth , andthis riuer Bands in 19. 
degrees. 20. minuts. . 

From riuet Doulce to Crearere you haue 17. leaques, and the land lieth Month, and South. cecarere. 
andthis Crearete on che ſouth ſide, ſhe weth as 4. openings. a league one from another and two of 
them high land aud che other two lowe land, and they are all ſo alike, that it ſheweth all one tiuer, 
till vou come neere it, and ſtands in 18. degrees, 45. minuts. . 5 
From Crearere do Maranepe, you haue ten leagues, and the land lieth Noch, and by alt and Pacnnere, 
Douth.and by elt, and . — 3 of theriuer A tat like a Qheete, — 
whichis a good marke, and ſtands in 18. degrees, 15. minuts. 

From a to Parrewepe, vou haue 5. leagues, andthe land lieth nontheaſt, and ſputh nm 
wel au offthie Paremepe, lich a bigh point of lun with many trees on it. and berauſt it is al! 
{nate to ſeaward, from the mouth of che harbour, pou ſhall fee che ſhon les ef Aburalus, and tohen The thoales ot 


SO Ih Te 
„ Se A * 0 


2 


. . r 
. ay n 


* 


am 2 


an & Am 


* 
sims 


1 41 


~ % p> oy 


. 


4. 
R 


TS 
2 * 


you coe from Parte wepe, you (hall fet a league off into the fea, and then you (hall got noptheuſt, 
becaufe of che Baye which is dery dangerous, and when yon fee the Tyoates to ſeaward. pote shall 
nume in 6,0) 7. fathomr,andfinde (oft ſande: then are pow in the channell directly, and when vou 
tome as high as the point of Para wepe / by the way Chat pou haue made pou Mi finde pour (elf 
alearue off: anb in ning pout Glte mone chen aleagni off, ball nerre in in rere of ening on 
the ſhoales to feaward. N pe 


iy he th „NN * an „ 28 YW . l a. * an Wa. * “wy 


— — — 
805 The voyages and diſcoueries Braſilian diflances. 


——œuä—— ͤ d! är é — — — I — 
gte net oe F tom Patrewepe to the ciner of Caruels, you haue 3. leaguts, and the Channt 
— 5 f 5 nnell will heme 
pou hoh pou fall awap, and pou map bololy we on the ſboales to ſea ward, bce 
mouth of tye river of Caruels is very ſboald, and —.— da — n 
Che rev cui. —— Nn 2 e 5. m 6, leagues, and this way 
he ſdoatts of YOU baue no er: but ta t ugs that pou fee 3 
Golde we. 1 — — 9 8 ee eee 
Coe ctiffe of rom the ende of the red cliffe ta Corebabo, pou haue two leagues and take 
c. not aboue a league and a balfe olf the ſbasre s ſot in 1 toap Pande —— 
chere lied) a pomne of land and affoone as you be patt the point of tbe woc ken, you thall rere rigte 
— —— pepe me — wens a dones ae of it, and then Meere hence Caf, till 
aferne of you to ſeaward and then turnt to about 
a — 
: rom this point of Corebaboto porte Seguro, you haue 28. leagues, anv the land 
N and ſoutb, and take heede wben pou come asbigh as porte Se uroy of the tents — 
which are verp ill. This porte Se guro, bach great red cliffs which and at the foote of rhe towne: 
andif pou doe int ane to got into che gb, bring pour felfe Caf, and eit offthe cliffs 
and then Mecre right with them, till pou come within the pouut of che rockes, and then ftecre 
Raney eens Be soph Live of the Niuer is all ſboalde, and the Niuer Qands in 16. vegrees 
30. : 
Danta cm F konmthe riuer of porte deguro to Santa Cruz, you haue 3. le „ and i 
rough for ſmall fips : but take beede of the vengteatber poabe, . 
nus Gr F tom Santa Crus, to the arme ol the grand riuer, pou haue 9,0) 10. leagues , and take heeve 
that in all tbis way you come not within 3. leagues of che ore: fm tbere lie many ſboaldi s in 
the — 2 — * — n and ouer the arme ol this Rio 
rande, pou ee 3. bils o »w we li i 
1 cnet emt ON * ) Allauds, which is a verp good marke, and 
Rio Grande to Illeas ; the Iſlands, vou haue 18. leaguts, and li 
South, and in this way pou baue no ſhoaldes, but 3.0) Py Mote off: nye Her pho — 
Illands, hteye alwaies along the ſboaxt . in ight ofthe lande, fo ocherinife pou tan not ſtt the Bf 
lands, betauſe hep are lit le. and aflooneas pou {ce them, ſteere tigbt with che greateſt of tbem. and 
— 5 — — Se he pk ni agra E vou will goe into the riutr the Channel 
a juer noꝛch, aud 
agent, gre Che ri and lands in 14. degrees 
e rtwer of rom the river Illeas,to the riuer ol Gontas, vu. Aue 8, ts 
e — as — riuet 175 — 8 in the 2 ol ape on —— — 
like a rockes i ill goe roche fo 
lide 7 is all flat. F eren N re 
¢€amame, tomthe riuer of Contas to Camamo, vou haut 6. lea and this Camam 
. mouth, and off the point of the Noyth ſloare, you (hall fee gins. wicht — — 
eee eee ee 
iu 0 5 0 5 
Benet Guepens ab ig here vou (halt finde 5,03 6 and from 
Sueytus. rom Guepena to Tenyere,pou baue 4. leagues, and Tenyere on the ſouib fine ji 
hing pa ia nr a rt 
on and in 3. 036, 
X. pee — gelbe ee Pablo. i ‘ eis = 
17 tom the Mocge of S. Pabloto Bayea, vou haue 12. leagues, courfe 
1 ara dag toe pou kane af boyen nt ate of Lappe, 
| pre ose peetes ni the land, like cloth a dying. and Bayea ſlands in 1 2, degrees 
ter Murau. rom Bayen to the riuer Royall, you haue 26, leagues, andthe lande lieth Noreheatt 
os eisai ſout hun t, and the point of Tapeane ſtands in 13. 1 17 — te the 1 
eee en rn — yet 30.03 40, leagues off fromebe currant. 
a oy: riuer EFxanci 9 0 cagues, i 
ea n 1 ee “a N 
. tom Franciſco to the point of Gurr N i 
nozth nahe alt, and ſouth ſouthweſt, and ſtands in — — oes A 
umu u e F tom the point of Gusra,to the c lelſ ol Camare Guba, pou haue 6. lenguex, @ chefe are great 
bigh 


Braſilian 


high cleeſts, w 
theſe cleeſles to 
ſouch ſouthwel 

From the ri 
Ipeth nohch nop 
hill like a ſaddl 
from the cape v 
litle woods vp 
of Daint Alex 
ftin Qands in 8 

From the C 
and by taſt, and 
vyon a high bi 

From Fer 
point of the ri 
fourhwen by ti 

Grom the 
taſt, and ſouth 

From Parr 
ſouthweſt, and 
eth nopebwett : 


Here follo 


Marie to goe t 
eat hal a degr 
Anthony, and 
and by ſouth t 
be 20. leagues 
From Cap 
weſtand by for 
the riuer of S 
no necrer the 
From the. 
wap between 
ſouthweſt and 
From Cat 
39. degrees, 
From the. 
degrees, 30. u 
water bap pot 
ſtands in 42.0 
From the 
the ſandy bay 
hard aboopd t 
Boyougt for a 
From that 
ſaln har boꝛou 
of rorkes tha 
From the 


ances. 


will heme 
ccauſe the 


this way 
es of Go- 


bat pou go 
orebabo, 
tere right 
Caf, till 
the coaſt, 


tech non, 
Deaward, 
be towne: 
the cliffs, 
ben eere 
begrccs, 


dod hatbo · 


take heede 
joaldis in 
of this Rio 
darke, and 


Braſilian distances. of the Engliſh nation. 806 


— ſ[— —-ᷣ—t᷑—ę„— 8 —————[＋ꝓꝗ&A2W3—4t20-—— 
high clecis, which is a good mathe, and it is a good road ſtetdt top ail wee riy wiuds and from 
thele cleeſies to the riuct of Stones pou haue 5. Ieagues, and the land lyeth nozth noytht all, and 
ſouth ſouthweſt. 

From che riuex of Scones to the Cape Paint Auguſtine you baut 12. leagues, and the land Cave Pa 
Ipeth noyth non heal, and ſouth ſouthwelt, and this cape when pou come out of the fea, ſetmetb a e. 
bill like a ſaddle, which ſtandeth alone, lying ut xt hand caſt and by nontb, and welt and bp fourh 
from the cape vp into the land, and comming along the coaſt the cape lytth out, and ſhewet h as 
lucle woods vpon it, and buſpes in parts, and 5. leagues to the ſouth ward pou (hall fee the Bland ene land of 
of Baint Alexo, which is a ſmal lowe Fland, which is a good markt, and the Cape of B. Augu- ters. 
ftin Uands in 8. degrees, 30. minuts. 222 

From the Cape Maine Auguſtin to Fernambucke,pou haue 8. league s che land lyeth noyth ' 
and by taſt, and ſouth and by well. and the marke of Fernambucke is the Cowne it (elfe Randing duke. 
vpon a high bil by the water fide, which ſheweth like to p cape it ſelfe, x lands in . degrtts large, 

From Fernambucke to the Gland ef Tamereca pou haue . leaguts, and it bath on the louth 
point of the riuer redde cleclles, and if pou will goe into the riuer, dʒing pour felfe nonthtaſt. and The lend of 
ſouthwell bp the red cleells, and lo beare into the bay, whereas pou ſhal haut 9,0) 10, ost water. C nteca. 

Atom che riuer of I amereca to Parryba pou haue 15 ltaguts, ind the land {Pech noꝛth and by 
taſt, and ſouth and by wel, and ſtands in s degrees, 45. minuts. pa 

From Parrybato Tappoam pou haue 10. leagues,¢ the land lyeth nopth noꝛtheaſt, and ſouth 
ſouthweſt, and from Tappoam to the barbopough of Munks you haue 7. leagues. and the land lp» Sar. 
etbnopebwett and ſoutheaſt, and the port ol Munks ands in 5 Degrees, 30, minuts. row of menke 


Here followeth the like defcription of the coaft from the riuer of 
Plate to the Streights of Magelan. 


N Ape Saint Maric on che nopehfive of the riuer af Plate ſands iuſt in 3 3. degrees: Cave h. un- 
from the fame Cape Saint Marie, to Cape Daint Anthony which is che Bouth 
Cape of che riuer of Plate, you haut 28, leagues, and the ſaid Cape ſtands in 56, 
. — 20. minuts: che courſe berweene them is fourh ſout hw elt, and noth 
noßtheaſt. N 
5 Note that Catt of the mouth of the riuer of Plate 25. leagues off, thert lyeth Bart.“ Gas 
a ſpoald, which they tall Baxos de Caſtiliana: be that will ſbape bis courſe from Cape Saint 
Marie to goe to the ſouthward mut bale off ſouthe alt, till be bee in 3 C. degrees, tben ſouth louth 
eat hal a degree, ſop that pow ſball giue a birth to the faid fhoalo, as alfo to che woah of Want 
Anthony, aud founding in 40,0) 41.fadom,pou fhall fad ruſſet ſand, then bale away fourh wert, 
and by fouch till pou come to 40,degrecs, where pou {hall find great Rope of wecvs,ind pou Mall 
be 20, leagues off the (hoare. 

From Cape Daint Anthony, tothe cape of great ſandy billes is 48. leagues, they lye fouth- 
weſtand by fouth, and nopeheaft and by noꝛthe 18. leaguts off Saint Anchony lytth atiues called 
the riuer of Saint Anne, which hath in the mouth many flats and ſoals. cherloe youmuſt come 
no netrer the ſhoare, then 40. fadom, to goe cleere of them. 

From the Cape of the land billes to Cape Saint Andrewe, pou haue 3 1. leagues, and balfe 2 
way betwerne them both you baue bapes and riuers, dich are ful of ſboales: che both Capes lit 
ſonthweld and by welt, and noztheaſt and by nopth. . N 

From Cape . Andrewe to ehe Sunken bap pou daut 3 o. leagues he laid bay Landeth in 2 Sunken 
39. degrees, o. minuts, it lyes weet ſouth welt, and ea noptheatt. 

From the (aid Sunken bay tu the plaine point pou baue 25. Itaguts, the point Nands in 41. ne 
degrees, 30. minuts:they lye ſouth ſouthwelt, and nope noytht alt, aud from this point to the beep Cpe berpe 
pater bap pou haue; y. leagues:they Ipe weit fouchteett and eat noꝛtheaſttht Decpe water bap w At bab. 
ſtands in 42,deqrecs,20,minuts. 

From the Deepe water bay to the bar boy dugb of Lyons pou haue 37, leagues: the tape our i 
the fandp bay lyeth ſouth fourbeatt, and north northwert:out or the ſoyd Det pe, pou map laple 
hard aboozd the ſhoare being bolde. From the river ol Plate to the ſayd bap pou baue no hat · 

6 for any great ſhip. 
7 Pp 42. vg Neuen of Lyons a bould coaft, with lo we land and white clecſfathe 
fais harboyough ſtands in 44 degrtes, when you tome to 4. ſomwbat mo;t,looke out fo) a lenge 
of rovkes that lyeth on the noꝛth five of the bar boꝛough bard aboopd the (hoare, 
From the laid harboyough of Lyons te U. 2 — vou haue 3o.leagues:thep lle me 2 
0 


s 
TI ET ee — OIE LE — 


I S ~~? za 


wane i 
~~ ONS 


# 


peTuwerinrg 
7 ~ 


D Bk a to 5 
“ha he dba was 


t de Kl 


n 
SL an. 


ae. 


an M 6. 


eT Tg 


8 


n 
* 
4 


807 


— 


Cayt Blanke. 


Port D Julil. 


nde 
of Samplon. 
The pill of . 
Mune. 


Che rtuer of 
22 


The river of 
Oalgos. 


The ſtreigyt o 
of apagrian. 
Cape irg 
Marie, 


She pur iſi⸗ 
tation. 
Nombre de Ieſus 


The voyages and diſcoueries Braſile distances, 


and by well, and Noꝛth and by caſt, and halle wap betwe ene them both, there is a bap. 

18. J. eagues to the Neth ward of che round Cape pou haue a tiuer which ipech in weit, and is 
called the tiuer ot Crauiſes: pou {hall knowe when pou are thwart of the riuer, by certaine redde 
lxeames that pou thal find like tydegates, which are going Areames. Che coaſt lyeth from this 
barboꝛough to the round Cape of woods, ſouiheaſt and bpfouth, and nopthweſt, and by opth: 
the laid Cape of woods ſtauos in 45. degret 3 o.minuts. 

From the fapd cape of Woods, to cape Blanle, ox the white Cape, pou haue; 2. leagues, che 
coat lyeth ſouth and by weſt, and noꝛth and by taſt:the ſald white Cape ſtands i 45 degrets, and 
about 3.leagues to the nopthward of the Cape, the land lyeth noꝛth noꝛth wel all vp righe white 
cleeſfes, which be in number 6, and che laſt of them is the biggeſt, and bꝛaadel , and ſhewes like a 
faple: and in the head of the faid Cape is a round hill which ſhe weth like o cloud: about this cape 
lye certaine rockes, hard aboopd the ſboate. and 3. cables length off the ſhoare pou ſball haue 25. 
ladom, and ouer the white cleeffs the lande is platine, and among the clteſſs which the Dea hath 
made, the fea ſpoutes vp, like che (pouting of Ahales, and vpon the Cape thre art ſome little 
woods, and here pou haue people inhabiting, ołf whom take heedeꝛ the vpper part of the cape Ips 
eth ſouth and nozth a league in bzedth, and halh m the middle a ledge of ro. nes aboue water, and 
on the louth five of this Cape, you haue a harbopough where is good ankering, but in the nuong 
there is a rocke of which take heede. 

From thenceto Pot Meint lulian is 37. — — the tourſe is ſouth and by wef, and noꝛth 
and by eaſt: ol this pore Saint lulian on the ſouthlide of the entering of the harboꝛough lye rocks 
luke Towzes, he that goeth in there muſt boprowe on the nepthfive ol the har boꝛough, and with⸗ 
in the harboꝛough pou (hal find two Illands where pou may anker hard by them: this harboꝛough 
ſtands in 49. degrees. 

Berweene the harborough of port Daint Iulian and cape Blanke lyethe Jlands of Sampſon 
which are 8. in number. ° 

From the port of Daint lulian to the hill of Maine Anne is 35. lesguesꝛthe coaſt lyeth ſouth⸗ 
wet and noztheaſt a very plaine land, but onely one bill, and to the Southwards, are final Ham · 
mockes, which hammocks ſtand in 50 degrees 30. minuts. 

From the riuer of Saint Anne, to the riuer de Crua, you haue 8; leagues. Che Cruz is noꝛch · 
eaſt, and ſouthweſt. To the nozthward of the riuer de Crux, is a high land of two leagues long, 
and plapne on the toppe which lpeth ſouth and noth, and lalleth on either five like a ſaddle: 
This coat is ſhoald foure leagues off: but pow may boprowe on the (hoare in 20, fadom, 

From the riuer de Crux to the tiuerefGalgos, pou baue 1 sche courte lleth noyth⸗ 
eaſt, and fouthwed, and it Lands in 5 a. vegreex, and 10. minuts, and fo, a marke of it, thete is a 
hill, and on the bighc of this hill it is plaine, and the nopebea end is Reepe vp and downe, and 
hath white and bhotwne cleefis, che vpper edge of then black: and vnder the bill on the cat five 
it ſheweth like a paire of ſtaires, with a blac ke point into the (ea: halfe a league to the ſouthwatu 
ol this point is a bap, which is at che entring of the tiutt Galgos, where it both cbbe and flowe, 
12. fadom water in the riuce takt htede pou go net to ſatre in becaule it is dangerous, therefore 
goe no further in, then 18. lavom. a 

From the riuer Galgos to the encvie of the Mreights of Magelan,callen the Caye of the Virgin 
Marie is Sleagues, the cour ſe is, ſouth ſouthe alt. and noꝛth north well, end 4, leagues be ſode you 

come to this Cape. vou Mall fee high ſteepe cleefis,and gray full of black (carres, the fea beating 
againſt them like the ſpowting of whales, but a very whole ſome Hoare, where pou map anker 
for a Douthweik wind; the hig heit of this cape is like to Cape Saint Vincent in Spaine:at the 
eatt five of this cape is a lenge of tot kes, which bach a land about it, which is full of pittes, where 
pou ſhal haue de epe water and by and by groundsthis land ſheweth it {elfe at low water, therefore 
vou mutt be ſurt to ſtemme the (Hoare balfe a myle till pou haue bought the {apy Cape well 
nopthwell off you: then goe away ſouth welt till pou come to the loweſt, where pou ſhall haue 10. 
0) 1 2,fadome water. This place is called the Puriſicattont and halſe a league within this land, 
is a Cowne called the name of leſus: From this ſaid Cape pou ſhall haue a cleeſfe come from 
the tape, at the end of this cleelfe the Cowne Landg,anp is in altitude, 5 , degtecs, 30. minutes, 
and from the ſald Cape entring the Sereights, on the nonthweſt fide within 14. leagues, tt bee 
ginnes to be narrower, and narrower, till pou come to che big belt place af the natroweſt entrie. 
which (peti wert noꝛthweſt, and eaſt ſoutheaſt: and in the ſayd 9 — * a third part of the 
chanel to the noyth ſhoart. betauſe there is a ledge of rockes on the font) fide, aud alſo pou Wall 


fee Cand there: therefohe pou mut giue them a good lurth: and hauing paſt this firt Areight, 
away wet ſouthweſt 8 leagues till pou come to a tape called S. Gregoric, with a high clee 
a 


0 
e, 
n 


M A 6 ( 
and a good r 
are trechero 

At this C 
weſt, and call 
off pou, and p 
they are dan 
leaguts and. 
nuts: where 
thence, you ii 
Philip, ę in p 
pour ſyip in 


A letter 
Lord ( 


and made cher 
ſmal power 
cumpafle the 
the cape Bona 
gence ol al the 
nauigated alo 
burnt and fun 
landed at, J bi 
quantitie of tr 
tooke at Calit 
diſe, that euer 
did amount in 
ble to contapn 
being the bitt 
vr an the coat 
beard ol in the 
Achbould not 
countrey. J fh 
experience, J 
was well intr: 
will chemfelu 
home ward the 
from that Gla 
Abumblp pro 
mongf bs. F. 
Thus humbly 
tuition of the 


— 


CCS 6 


— — 


und is 
rtedde 
m this 
Oph: 


ies, ide 
s, and 
t white 
like a 
is cape 
aue 25. 
ta hath 
ie little 
tape ly⸗ 
er, and 
nuddſt 


d noꝛch 
e rocks 
w with⸗ 


ozough 


ampfon 


b ſouth⸗ 
ham ; 


is noꝛch · 
slong, 
ſaddle: 


b noyehe 
ere is a 
ne, and 
eaſt five 
thward 

flowe, 
perefoje 


Virgin 
ope vou 
beating 
p anket 
ſeꝛat the 
where 
reſoze 
pe well 
10. 
land, 
e from 
mutes, 
, tt bee 
entrie. 
ol the 
ba Wall 
abt, go 
cleefte, 
aud 


M.Thomas (andiſh. ofthe Engliſh nation. 


— — —2— — 
and a good road, tom the noche coche louthwell: cru not the people ol chis Cape, to; they 


are trecherous. 

At this Cape begins tye 2. Areight, and is called our L adie of Grace; it lytth weſt foutty 
welt, and caſt nopthcal 3. leagues, and in comming oft this ſtreigbt, you ſball fee 3. Tlands well 
off you, and pou map faple in among them, bauing relpett that pou come not into the Bayts, lo 
they are dangerous. From the 3. Alandes ſetke the Chanel of che urtigbtes wen ſouth well, 2. 
leagues and from thence vou (hal bale to the ſouthwards, till you tome to the 33. degree, 30. mi · 
nuts: where pou Mall finde a poimt called the point of Daint Anne, and noh noithwell from 
tbence, pou (hal fee two op thee plaines in one of which lands a tonne called the Cowne of Ring 
Philip, g in paſſing the Bulwarke and a great tree. you map come to anker. where you map moa re 
pour ſytp in 4.fadoms, 


A letter of Maſter Thomas Candiſh to the right honorable the 


Lord (hamberlaine one of her Maicfties most honorable prinie Counfell 
touching the fuccefle ofhis voyage about the world, 


Jabt bonozable, as pour fanour heretofore hath ben molt greatly exten · 
bY, bed towards me, ſo A humbly delite a continuance thereof: And though 
there be no meanes in me to deſerue the fame, pet the vttermol of mp 
@ (cruices (hal not be wanting, wbenſoeuer it Wall pleaſe pour honour to 
LY diſpoſe thereof. am humblp to defire pour honour to make knowne vn · 
to ber Paieſtie che deſire J baue had to do her Male ſeruite in the pers 
g fopmance of this voyage. And as it hath pleaſed God to giue ber the vice 
tozie ouer part of her enemies, fo I trutt ere long to {ee her ouerthhowe 
them all, Foz the places of their welth, wherebp they haue maintained 
and made their warres, are nowe perfectly diſcoueredꝛ And il it pleaſe hee Mate ſlie. with a very 
{mal power the may take the (pople ol them all, It hath plealed the Almightie to fuffer me to cies 
cumpaſſe the whole Globe of the woplo, entring in at che Mreight of Mage lan, and returning by 
the caye BonaSperanca, In which voyage J baue either diſtouered 03 bꝛeught certeme intelli⸗ 
gence of al the rich places of the world that tuer were knowne oꝛ diſcouered by any Chiſtian. J 
nauigated alongſt the coaſt of Chili, 'etu, and Noua Spagna, where J made great ſpoples: J 
burut and funke 19. ſayles of ſhippes (mall and great. All the villages and townes that euer J 
landed at, I burnt and ſpopled: And had J not bene vilcouered vpon the coatt, J had taken great 
quantitie of treaſure. The matter of moſt pʒoſit vnto me was a great ſbip of the Kings which J 
tooke at Calitornia, which Mip came feom the Philippinas, being one ok the rich elt ot archan⸗ 
dile, that euer paſſedthole Scas, as the kings Regiſter and Marchants accompes did thew, for it 
did amount in value ta * in Mexico to be ſold: which gyods, foꝛ that my ſhippes were not as 
ble to contapne che leaſt part of them,) was inforced to fet on fire, From the cape of California, 
being the vttermoſt part of all Noua Hiſpama, I nauigated to the Flanves of Philippinas hard 
vr an the coat of China, of which Countrie I haue hhought (uch intelligence as hath not bene 
peard ol in theſe parts. Che ſtatelines and riches of which coũtrie J feate to make repoyt ot leaſt 
Achould not be creviced, Fon it I had not knowne fufficientlp the mcomparable welch of that 
tountrey. I ſhould haue ben as incredulous thereof as others will be that haue not had the like 
experience, I ſay led along the Jlands of Maluccas,twhere among ſome of the heathen people J 
was well intreated, where our country men map baue trade as freely as the Nojtingals, ifthey 
will themſelues. From thence J paſſed by the cape ol Bona Speranca, and found out by the way 
home ward the Flandof Saint Helena, where the Wortingals vie to reletue themſelues: And 
from that Gland God hath ſullred me to returne into England. All which feruices wich my ſelfe 
Abumbly pꝛoſtrate at her Maieſties fete. vefiring the Almigbtie long to continue ber raigne as 
mong vs. Foz at this day (hee is the moſt famous and victo nous prince that liueth in the wol. 
Thus humbly deliring pardon of pour honour fo; my tedioulneg, I lcaue pour Lozoſhip to the 
tuition of the Almightie. Plummouth this lx. ol SHepeember 1588. 


Your honours moſt humble to command, 


Thomas Candith, 
* 
Dddd a 


VBR 


Pe + 


* 


. 


cs 


. 2 


r V- J? 


I. 8 ah 


5 


— 


7 73 


13 


1 


py’ 
Ae 


809 The voyagesanddifcoueries MA. Thomas Candifb, 


The worthy and famous 7 5 of Maſter Thomas Candifhe 


made round about the globe of the earth, in the ſpace of two yeeres 
and lefle then two monethes, begun in the yeere, 1586. 


be worthipful and tuop¢hp gentleman Paſter Thomas Candith of Suffolke 

H bauing inthe peere 1585. furniſhed outa fhip wherein he went as Captaine 

wuich (ir Richard Greeneuill to Virginia, in which courſe he paſſed by the Ca- 

ares, and ſo to the Iſles of Dominica, Hiſpaniola, Saint Iohn de Porto ricco, 

debe Lucaios, and Florida in the weſt Indies, thus fleſhed and ſome what harde⸗ 

. ned vnto the Dea, immediatly alter his comming home began to take in hand 

a vopage into the Douch ſea, and conſequently round about the globe of the world, which he alſo 

performed with inuincible courage, with great good gouernement, aud incredible celeritic, 

to the great admiration of all men of iudgement. Pauing therefoze at his owne proper coſt 

new built from the keele and furnyſhed with all thinges neceffarte fo two peeres prouifion 

a haue ſhippe called tbe Deſire ot a hunded and foptie, and a leſſer of theeſcoʒe cunnes whole 

name was the Content, ioyning thereunto a Barke of 40, tunnes named the Hugh gallant, in 

June the 1o. whieh (mall fleete were ſixe {cope andflue men, The x. day of June 1586. he departed from Lon: 

1786. don and came to Mare wich, and ſapled from thence the 29. of the fame moneth. Pe arriued at 

1 — Plimmouth the 8. day of July, from whence he {ec faple the 21. thereof. Thus he proceeded on 

mouth hear bis bopage vntill the 25. day, at which time one Mater Hope dyed which bad bene grieuoully 

el Aquſſ. wounded a litle before be went to Sea, Che 26, day wee met with foure great Bitkaine ſhippes 

on which we beſtowen eighteene great (hot and ſhewolp toze that fixp which we in the Admiral 

aſſapled: but we left her and the others, let we ſhould looſe the ret of our conſozts, being nine of 
the clocke at night. 

The v. dap of Auguſt we fell wich the Alland of Fortcuentura,¢ fapten thence to cape Blank, 
and ſo to the coaſt of Guinea vnto a harbooughj called Sierra Leona, where hauing conference 
with the Negroes we fell at variante, fo that thꝛeeſcoge of our men went on ſhoare, and dꝛaue 
them from their towne, and facked their houles and burne their dwellings. And the 29, of the 
fame moneth we departed from them, where going fiue leagues from the plate we came to an J 
land called Inſula Verde, where we found plancang,and other fruites, and freſy water, being an 
Alland of the Negroes bul band ie. 

The lirt of September we bur ned here ſome 150. houſes becaule of their bad dealing with vs 
and al Chꝛiſtians: in this place we redeemed a Poptingal whom by treafon they had caught and 
held — miferable captiuitie. The 13. day we went from thence: the 30. we palled the Equi⸗ 
noctiall lyne. 

Thus we ſlayled foopth vntill the 25. of October, at which time we came to the continent of 
Braſill, and coſting along vntill the end of that moneth, the firſt of Mouember we ankered vnder 
an Alland called Saint Sebaſtians, where we road thee and twenty daies betweene the mayne 
and it. There we oped our ſelues with freth water and fuell, and built a newe pinneſſe of tenne 
tunnes. On the nynth dap dyed one Robert Smith of che diſeale called Scurbuto, which is an 
infection of the blood and the liuer. 

Che 23. of Nouember we left this Illand. On the lift of December dyed one Nobert Cates 
or the dileaſe afoeſayd: and ſo coſting along vntill the 16. of this moneth wee diſcouered an hate 
Ehe vont ol borough which we named the Pozt of Defire,accopoing to our (hips name, being almoſt as bigge 
2 as the baboꝛough of Plim mouth: In this place we had gulles, puets, penguyng, aud ſeales in a · 
boundance to all our comfozts and great refreſhing: this Port is ſome what on this five of Poze 
Maint Iulian. And fapling from this har boꝛough toward the Streights, before wee came to the 
entrance thereof, we eſpied certaine pooꝛze ſtarued Span par ds trauapling ouer land toward the 
riuer of Plate: whereof we tooke one into our ip of whom we vnverſtood that ok both the 
two Colonies planted in the ſtraight of Magelan by Pedro darmiento there were but 22. men 
onely left altue, allt he reſt being vt er ly periſped lo hunger, to the number of lome thꝛet bun · 
pied per ſons. 

On the ſixt day ol January we put into the Streight ol Magelan, and on the 8. we came vn · 
to two Illands named by Sir Frauncis Drake the one Barholomewe Illand, becauſe he came 
thither on that y aints dax. and the other Penguin Illand, on which we powdzed three tunnes of 
Penguins forthe victualing of our ſhippe : ond on the 9. day we came vnto a towne of the Spa 
nparbes erecting in March 1584, called by them the Citie of King Philippe, but ai 


Auguſt. 


September, 


Oeteber. 
Nouember. 


December, 


Jannarp 1587. 


M. 10 


the Cowne 
bad bene mo 
there were b 
ſome Gench 
pined and de 
Thus fay 
uages of are 
dzutiſhnes a 
we efpping 
meanes flew 
Douthweft 
Che fam 
cum, the pea 
of La moch. 
where we rit 
the mopning 
rall very we 
dement Op. 
contentmen 
Che 20," 
we felt an ea 
on the 30. ol 
taptiues by 
reachle ſneſſe 
little chough 
ward, and fo 
brought goo 
in deſpite of 
of Appt, 
Thus r 
and an India 
ted vs, and i 
their gouern 
goods and tty 
one of our 
was buried: 
the laves her 
where they g 
wich we to 
owne pꝛoui 
Geoꝛge, bec⸗ 


x 


The 25.0 
ning we efpt 
Dpamarve, 
from the Ba 
goe fon Lim 
thꝛough Gor 
Milot for the 
day of May 
would haue 
moſt five of ¢ 
and found fig 

And ont 
ſayles, and g 
other with n 
of ueaſe tall 
m redes, ay 
on we gate v 


a 


ifhe 


ffolke 
ptaine 
e Ca- 
ricco, 
hardes 
n hand 
he alſo 
eritie, 
er colt 
uifion 
whole 
ane, in 
n Lon⸗ 
iued at 
ded on 
udully 
bippes 
Diniral 
nine of 


Blank, 
ference 
d Dpatte 
ok the 
oan J 
cing an 


with vs 
rhe and 
e Equi 


nent of 
d under 
mapne 
of tenne 
ch is an 


Cates 
an hats 
is bigge 
les in as 
of Pot 
ne to the 
vard the 
both the 
2. men 
pee bun · 


tame vn · 
he came 
unnes ok 
he Opa ⸗ 
ut by bs 

the 


though Gods mercifuil proutdence was preuented: one of tbeſe Dpaniards was a rea 


M. I bomas ( andiſß. of the Engliſh nation. 


the Towne of famine, becauſe we cuidently ſawe the inhabitants, all lauing 
bad bene mot miſerabiy ſtaruedt we tooke away with bs fire pieces ane, Ghat ney Dome 
Mer were bpalle,and three were pron, and were glad to batten from this place to the mol nop: e 


ſome Mench and vile ſauour where with it was infected enough the concagon of che Sppaniards barons. 


pined and bss carkeiſes. 10 

Thus ſapling thꝛougb the Deraighes,che 20. dap of Januarie ine we 
nager ofa reaſonable ſtature, and went to them, and conferred with Corer pa seg 2 * 
dꝛutiſbnes aud their trecherie, that they would haue betraped vs vnder the (ewe of amitie: but e 7 
we eſpying their treaſon gaue the lirſt onſet, and euery thot of vs choſe dis man, and by that — 
meanes ſlewe ſome, and hurt mope,the reſt eſcaped. Ho hauing many flawes of Moutherly and 
Douthweſterly winde, we were kept within the Btraigbts vntill che 23. of Febhuatir. Fenner. 

Che fame day we paſſed out of the Straights into the Mea called by Magelan, Mare pacifi- 
cum,the peaceable op the talme Sea: Thus we plyed vp along the toalt of Chili bp the Jland chat. 
of La mocha, which ſtandeth in the Southerly latitude of 38. degrees untill the 14,0f Barch, warth. 
where we rid vnder an Bland called Sancta Maria, on which Fland we landed do. men armed in 
the morning betunes, and there came vnto vs the Countrep people which intreated our Genes 
rall very well, and prefenced him with many loꝛtes of meates: fo? there we bad at our tomman · 
pt eo wheate, pot atos, hogs, bens, d)pcd dog fith,and diuer other good things, to our 

nt. 

The 20. day we departed thente, running along vntill che 28. which dap being at the Wen, 
we felt an earthquake in the latitude of 3 3. we were put into a Bay — ol —— The Way of 
on the 30,0f this moncth, where the firitof April we had ten of our men flaine , and two taken — 
taptiues by the Spaniards : which great miſfoztune light vpon our men though their great 
reachle ſnelſe and want of circumſpection, being ſuddenlp ſurpuiled by the Chemie when they 
little ehought of him. But on the third day of the lame moneth the Hugh went fooꝛth to Seas 
ward, and found an Jland hauing great Rope of Pellicanes ¢ Wenguyns vpon it, whereof they 
bought good Tope vnto vs : and fo furniſhing our ſe lues here with freth water, which we toake 
1 . N of them all, we lelt them and their rruell Har boy oug h, and put out of the Bay the lilch 
of April, 

Thus ranging along, we halen in with a Pope called Mormorano, where we found acanca Che Porte er 
and an Indian in it which was fithing, and had caughe a very large Coup whercwith he prefens PO 
ted vs, and in our conference with hun, he Hewed vo their Cowne which was bale and rude, but 
their gouernment and behaulour very ſtrange: for when any of them dyeth they burp all bis 
goods and ſtuſfe with hum as hookes, nets, canoa, and other triſles. So ſapling along that ſboze, 
one of our ſhippes called the Content, enered into a Bay, where a great deale of wine of Caſtilia 
was buried in Votiſios in che ſand, to the quantitie of ſome thhee hundꝛech tunnes, wherewith 
the lader her (elfe hauing loft our compante, but they found vs againe at a Towne called Arica, W. 
where they gaue vs of their wine. In this Harbozough we found a great ſbip, and foure Barks, 
wich we tooke and kept vntill ſuch time as wee had taken out of them the helt things fo) our u great tty 
owne prowifton : then we burned them all laung one Barke which wer kept, and named it the ache pene, 
Geoꝛge, becauſe we tooke her on Saint George his day. 

The 28. day of Appil we went from Arica,fapling to the Sea wards all night, and in the mo · 
ning we elpied a fmall Barke,and manning our Pinnelle, wee tookt her, wherem were thutr Taten 
Dpaniards,onc Greeke,anv one Dutch man: being examined, they confeſlev that they came 
from the Bay ef Quintcra, where we loft our foꝛeſayb twelue men, and that their intent was to 
goe fey Luna to giue anuife to the Aireroy fop to pʒouide force to cut bs off: but their — 
onable 
Pilot for thoſe Deas, Chus we continued our cour ſe along the coatt of Peru untill the fourth 
day of May, vpon which day our Spantth Note led vs into a Bap called Piſca, where wee Bale n 
would haue gone on ſhoare, but the Sea was lo growen that we could not: ytt on che Boutber ; 
moſt fide of the Bay there was a Uillage called Paraca , where ſeuen of aur men went on land Matata ab- 
and found fiers pomegranates, and pomegranate wine. 1 
And on che fire of May we went from Paraca, aud in our courfe we de ſeried to Seaward two 
ſayles, and gaue them chaſe, and cooke them: the one was laden with meale and marmalade, the Te hippew 
other with marchants goods, as ſayts of diuers ſoꝛtes and colours, caſtle oʒ white ſope, akinde . 
of neale called garuanſae s. cod ou an ſhins, monte go de porco , wich is hors greafe clariſted 
op redned, and molattos oy lirropt of ſugar, beane sand one oy two thouland bens allt: Vtrtup · 
on we gate va into a Bap called Cheripa, where 1 our (hips with part of theſe cannne vi er * 
Boo 3 ies 


é 


<a 


. n x’ ae ee ‘ 
1 fa - 


IRF ELI OOS: 
8 : . 


wae 


YN I SG ST 
g „ . . 4 0 — 


8 } —_ N 
AA 3 


& 


* a> 


8... The voyagesand difcoueries M4. Thomas Candifh. 


a 
ties, and burnt the tel Hips and all, baum put che men that were in them on land, and depar⸗ 
Soe ew of tea from thence the tenth of Map, Chus ſayling fopwarde wee baledinto a Bap called Pa 
* where mt toohe a Barbe onrigged ¢ landes cinee (cope men, and tooke the Towi 2, out of whi 
we aus about thyee bundpech perfons which tied with bag and baggage, whome we put ſued fe 
de towne of faſt, that they wert ſoced to leaue their lodings bebinde them: In the ende we let their Cowne 
Papto burnt. on fire betauſe they fought not coredceme the fame, And becaule wee found (mall Rope of treas 
Coe Funvot fure here, we tame awap the fame night. On the fecond of May we went to the Aland of Puna, 
Puna, here we trimmer our (hips and refrethen our men, though ſomt what to our codes: fo) on 
June. the ſecond day of June our men thinking themſelues to be ſure and fafe pnough , feure (cone 
q; an bundpeth Spaniards, with two hundzeth Indians (oz there was a Cowne of Indians in 
the Aland bigger chen Sraucfend) fet vpon fifteene oz ſixteene of our men being balfe a fleepe 
and halfe awake,¢ flew fine en fire, and tooke two 0} chte of chem before any fupplp could come 
vnto them: at the comming thereof they all ran away like grephounds , our men fo; reuenge 
be gte, pus burnt ther Towne, and (poplen their fieies and gardens, but Hr wee tooke the fruitesof che 
naburnt, Jland, as goats,bogs, bennes, figs, opanges, limons, beſides other wholfome herbes in great 
quantitie. Mo after we had trimmed our Fleete wee came away i but for a farewell wet firtt ſet 
. foure of their (hippes on fire, whercof ene was two hundyeth tunnes the reſt an hundyeth a piece, 
being all bpon the Docks in building : we alſo fired another of foure hundzeth tunnes called the 
great Daine Luce riding before the Cowne to be mended, betaule they baue neuer another ſo 
good a place to baing their ſbippes on ground as that is, on all the toaſt of Peru. 
After we had taken in freſh water we went from thence the 11. day of Tune, and the 12. day 
Sher rouble? we patted che Equtnoctiall line, continuing our courſe Noth warb all shat moneth ꝛ About the 
. beginning of July as we ranged along the backſide of Noua Hifpania nette vnts Guatimala 
(where there is an hill that burneth continually) we efcricd a ne we ſhippe of 200. tunes, where · 
in were two Spaniards, two Mal ſilians, two Uenetians, and one Fleming: in which Mippe 
was litle 0p nothing but her balaſt, we cooke her ſaples, and ropes, and firewood to ſerue our 
Sroder Oi turns, let ber on rc and kept che men, af tobich number we bought ene called Michael Sancius 
4 Pilot into England. On the next day we tooke another (hippe , the men being efcaped with 
arene their boate on land, which after wee had taken certaine victuals out of her, wee allo fet on fires 
5 of N une Chis was the hippest Aduiſo to giue warning of vs , Cent from Lima to the toaſt of Noua 
taken @ burnt. Hiſpania. 
Che 28. of July we tame to che Ponte of Aguatulco, in which we found a ſhippe laden with 
cat aas, a fruite like almonds much eſteemed in thole partes, and taking the ſpople thereof , we 
Che Cowne let che ſbippe and Cove on fire fo) companp: the people ranne away at the fight of our little 
9 
burnt. Pinneſſe, our ſbippes lying thnee leagues off as that time: Chere were Come foure {cope houles 
in this Towne being an Hauen that belongeth to Mexico. In this place we had great Rope of 
N Nood vs in great Read fop our ſhippes, and ſome quautitie of wine of Caſuilia as 
they call it. 
Che fourth day of Augult we departed from tbis place, and comming foorth wet tooke a ſhee 
toztoyſe, wbich bad aboue foure hundzeth and odde egs in ber, which egs we tate and found them 
to be good meate. The 13. of Auguſt we fell with an Hauen of Nova Hifpania called Puerto 
Hane de Matis de Natividad, about the latitude of 19. degrees, where we had conference with foure Indians, 
he rpire por and there we tooke the Holte of Aduilo that ranne by land on hoyſe, whole bon ſe wee llewe and 
kn tan? tooke bim puſoner. Mee burnt two ſhippes ol two hundieth tunnes the piete, which were in 
Tas isopes building in the harbozougb: And fire leagues from thence there was a liele Bland oz roche reples 
moe burt. niſhed with abundance of birds, whereof we gate good {tone to our great refreſhing: there were 
alſo innumerable ſoꝛt of parrots as big as bens: and in another H/ uen hard by, called Puerto de 
Frs Maint S int lago, ue dpagged fop pearles, and tooke ſome Hope, The third day of Deptember we came 
n away hauing new trimmed our Pinnefle , which was wonderfull leake with woymes. The 
Gonvotera. eight day of the fame we came into a Bap talled the Bay of Com poſtella, where our men went 
Pir putoners two leagues vp into the Counttey ear ly inthe mopning, and tooke a Spaniarde and bis wife, 
jand. a Raguſean and his wife, with an Indian and bis wile, and bꝛoughe them au ay vnio our Gene; 
tall. who fet the women at liber tie, and they redeemed their hulbands with fruite s, as plantans, 
mameias, pineaples, ozangen, and limons, of all which is great abunnance , ax the Spantarde 
fayd , tanto como tierra as great plentie as there is of earth. On the 12. 0f eptember wee 
e Inu ot . tame to an Jland two leagues from thence called S. Andrew, where we had foules, and ſeales, 
. of and guanus, ol which we made very good victuall: howbeit they would ſcarcely cake Cale but fog 
Saua. nne night and a dap only. The 16, cf the fame moneth wer came vnto a Bap called . 


. 1 


where we | 
thence vnto 
Wot called 
of this cape 
ſwippe co 

tunnes: we 
0} fourtcene 
peelocd but 
uember we 
on land: ant 
ok the chie le 
hundzeth 

ol the richel 
wealthie, if 
At lengt 
ſet ſayle the 
toward the 
and fourtie 
Ladrones u 
met vs at & 
fapling, wi 
retting our 
which day v 
gon 0} Man 


neo bneille 
And ont 
and laua m 
being Gent 
lons, plant. 
and goodne 
people did i 
doe in our i 
and tariedt 
men and cl 
they fit crof 
becaule he 
they report 
and that wi 
war re agait 
lamboam. 
The 16 
on the 11. d 
being tbirt 
had ſig he of 
double. 
The fe 
ankered vn 
ment: fo} el 
herbes fore 
vp into the 
builded to 
only baniſſ 
twenty ok 
for Englan 


aifh. 
D — 
Pa 

. 
tſued ſo 
Cowne 
of trea⸗ 
fPuna, 
log on 
re (cone 
dlans in 
a fleepe 
Id come 
euenge 
sof the 
in great 
lirſt fee 
apiece, 
led the 
her ſo 


1 2. day 
pout tbe 
atimala 
where · 


) ſbippe 
rue our 
Sancius 
1D with 
on fires 
f Noua 


m with 
of , we 
ue little 
 boules 
Rope of 
Alia as 


pe a thee 
ad them 
Puerto 
ndians, 
we and 
were in 
e reple⸗ 
tt were 
rerto de 
pe came 
6. Che 
en went 
is wife, 
r Genes 
antans, 
amiarde 
ber wer 
ſeales, 
but fog 
ſſaclan, 

where 


Ad. I bomas ( andiſb. of the Englith nation. 
here we had fruice and Ah, but were in 


m ſourteene of their men, and the ſpop le and burt of many moze of them on at laf 

peelded buto bs: In this conflict we lot onely two of our n 80 on 8 — 

uember me wont into the Pot of Agua Segura, where wer ankered and hut nine (cope ppttoners Parti. 
on land: and ranſacking the great (hippe, wee laved our one two ſhippes with fourtie tunnes leere pus on 
of che chie fel marc bandiſt, and burnt all the tel alwell ſbeyye as goods, to tbe quantitie of re “™™ 
bundzeth tunnes of rich marchandile, betauſt we wert not able to bing it awapꝛ Chis was one 

ofche richett veſſtis chat eutt fapled on the Meas, and wagable to haue made manp bund;echs 

wealtbie, if we had had meanes to haue tyougbe it home. 

At length hauing furniſbed our felues wich water y wood, and made vs ready fo} the Men, we 
fet faple the twentie of Houember ¢ came away. From Cape Calitornia,we ſhaptd our courſe Che Terns 
toward the Sands of the Ladrones, and by the poutvence of God wee came vnto them in tino Meson 
and fourtic vayes, the diſtance being chee and twentie bundsctb leagues : Che firk Pann of che from Cape 
Ladrones where we touched is called Guana, the inhabitants are cheeuith and trecherous:they 
met vs at Sea the leagues off in mall candas, admirable to beholde for their ſwiftneſle in 
ſapling, wich which people wee bad fome traffike vntill the euening, and fo wee left them di⸗ 
recting our courte vnto The Nands of the Philippinas vntill the fourteenth of Tanuarie, on amy 1988 
which day we fell with an Band called Tadaia: and from thence we paſſtd bp the land of Lu- 
gon oz Manila, vntill we c: to an Aland called Capul, where wee had hene, bogs, potatos, cap an I 
Cocos, and other fruices fop traffike with the Indians, making our above ebere vntüſ the 24. 
of the forefapne Januaxie. Chen proceeding on our vopage though the infinite nombers of 
Glands towards thoſe rich Jlanvs of Maluco, we paſſed bp Mindanao, which is the lau Aland 
that the Spantards inhabite that way: Bo we ranne betiweene Cebele oz Batachina and Bor- 
neo vntill the twelfth day of Febzuarie. 

And on the 28. and laſt of the fame we put though betweene the Straights of Iaua maior, 
and laua minor, and ankeres vnder the South welt part of Iaua maior, where the inhabitants Jana mate 
being Gentiles broughe vnto vs bennes, geeſt, bens egges, ducke egges, beeues , buffes, mee 
long, plantang, and an hundpeth fore of fruites mo Itrange and wonderfull for greatneffe 
and goodneſſe, euen whole tuncks full being a kinde of barks made like vnto our barges: T hele 
people did intreate vs wonderfull well, and came as duely to traffike with vs in our ſhip as wee — 
doe in our markets and ſhoppes, and bꝛought from their Ring diuers pefents to our Gener 
and taried diuers rich gifts from eur Generall to their Ring: The King fene many of bis kin 
men and chiefe Courtiers a ſhipboꝛde to entertaine him, being men of very good bebauionr: 
they fit croſſe legged, they would faine haue had our General come to their Rings chiefe towne, 
bꝛcauſe he was not well able to come done vnto our ſhippe being aman of great age, and as 
they repoꝛted, very neere an hundzeth and fiftie pecres olde, but our Generall excuſed himſelle 
and that with reaſon: ee would haue ſent his ſonne in his owne Meade , but that hee was at 
om againt another King in the Nlaud their enemie: This elde Rings name was Raia Bo- Jad Enger 

amboam. Jaua. 
The 16. of March we fet faple from Taua maior towarde the Cape of Bona Speranga: and 
on the 11. day of Bay we fell with the land of Acthiopia, nere vnto a plate called Capo falfo, V. 
being tbirtie and odde leagues from the Cape of Bona Speranca, And on the 19. ot May wee 
had ligbt of the Cape of Bona Speranca, which is the promontopie that all erauailers deſite to 
double. 

The ſeuenth of June wee fell with che Nande of Saint Helena, and on the eight day wee — 
ankered vnder it, where wer continued twelue daper, finding it a place to our great content 12 rapes we 
ment: fo there we had goats, hogs, figs cpanges,limons,pomegranates, anv many wholfome se San 
Herbes for the gathering: But he that twill baue of tbe tattell muft trauaile a mile and an hallt 
vp into the tteepic mountaine to kill them: we found a Church and chirtie oz fourtie boules 
builded co lodge the Wortingales, in their comming from the Cat Indies: There was one 
only baniſhed man there which lined as an termite, but hee was dead before our areiuatl, Che 
twenty of Juuc we departed ſtom the Aland ol Saint Helena ſbaping our caurſe from shence 


lo) England. c 


AAA oe ee 


7 
A 
— 


\Z 


An Ae ob at 


U 
* 


. “te 


Fe SANT tee! APA es Pd 


D K NG 


oF ow AN 


sem 


mm 
— „ 


by 5 
*. sm y an * de ws * an 4 * A ¢ * S au RA an 


duly 
Sugar. 
eber. 


bete arrinall 
tment be 9 
of Se 


8% Ihe voyages and diſcoueries MA. Thomas Candiſb. 


Che foursh of Gulp 1588. we pallen the cquinoctiall line, which was the fourth time that 
we bad trauer ſed the fame in this out tourney, Che 24. day of Auguſt wee bad ſight of two J. 
lands of 5 Aſotes the one called Flores, the other Coruo, and directed our way from them fo) the 
Lifard vntill the third of & at wbich time we eſpied a Flemith Hulke that came from 
Pp alc which tolde vs the iopful nrwes of one Meets good ſucteſſe again che huge armie 
of the Spaniards, And on che Aft day we met with a ſhip of Mouchbampcon, which bad caken 
& Byalilian ppiſe, whole Captaine infoymed vs at large of the trutth of that which had paffen: 
Bie tooke ſome refrething of them, whieh was recompenſed with treble curtefie , and ſo entree 
into the narrow Seas where we had as terrible a night as tuer menendured: fez all our faples 
wert blowen quite away: but making as geod ſpift as we could with certaine olde ſaples ute 
bad mithin bopde, on the next mioming being the ninth of eptember 1588. like wearizd men 
through the ſauour of the Almigbtie, we gate vnto Plymmouth: where the Townes men ree 
teiued vs with all humanitie. In this voyage we burnt twentie ſapies or Spanith Hippes,bee 
fides diuers of their Townes and Uullages. 


Written by N. H. 


The names of the Kings or Princes of laua at the time of our 


Englifh mens being there. 
Raia Donaw. Raia Tymbanton. 
Jaa Rabacapala 3 Raia Mawgbange. 
Raia Bacabatra. Raia Patimara. 
Certaine wordes of the naturall language of laua, learned 
and obferued by our men there. 
Sabuck, filke. Gula, blacke ſugar. 
Sa zu, byead of che Countrey. Tadon,a woman, 
Larnike, dpinke, Bebeck, a duckt. 
Paree, rpce in the hul ke. Aniange, a deere, 
Braas, ſodden tyte. Popran, oyntment, 
Calapa, coquos. Coar, the head. 
Cricke, a dagger. Endam, raine. 
Catcha, a looking glaſſe. Tonge, a ſbippt. 
Arbo, an oxe. Chay, che fea, 
Vados, a goate. Sapelo, ten in number. 
Cabo, golde. Dopolo, twentit. 
Gardange, aplantine, Treda, no. 
Hiam, pa Lau, vnderſtand pou, 
Seuit, linnen cloth. ayer, goe. 
Doduck, blewe cloth. Adadizano, J will fetch it. 
Totopps, one of their caps. Suda, pnough, 
Certaine notes or references taken out of the large Mappe of 
(hina , brought home by Master Thomas 
Candifh. 1 5 88. 


> — — king dome ol the Mogores, is vpon the Noythweſt and fals vyon Ta- 
acin beyond Ma!laca, and ioynes vyon Bengala: they are men of warte. and 

ble no fight but on hoꝛſebacke, they goe in their apparel like Poptingales. 
A City wherein is Captaine a Chinian a man very deformed, hauing vonder 
bim many men ol warte: he maketh warre both ag ainſt the Tartarians, and the 

Mogores lying betweene them, and lyeth without the circuite of the wall. 
3 Certuint hiis beyond which the Tartarians do inhabite, whe heretofore were great friends 
with the Chinians, and nom mainteine continual warr es againſt them, ſo great — 


otes 0 


there are 1 
wures all ki 
4 The pꝛo 
Caſtles: it co 
tribute, and 1 
vefente, 
5 The gr 
and 18. (mall c 
pap tributt: it 
to the Nozthw 
6 The gre 
the Tartars, 

7 The pre 
les, and one g 
uenteene leag 
ok warre. 

8 The pre 
It is 82. lee gu 
31000. footer 

9 The pre 


208 900. m 
12 The p 

and Caltles, 

warre, 

13 The p 
is 200, leagu 

14 The p 
ann ia 440. le 
of warre. 

15 This 
and trum the 
Chinians dot 
the ſtarres w 

16 Chey 
and is 260. l 
of warte. 

17 The 
is 260. leag 
footemen, a! 

18 Che 
caftles, and 
of warre. 

19 The 
and Caſtles 
leagues bꝛo 
kings garde 


Notes of (bina. ot the Engliſh nation. d 


— — — — —̃ — . —⏑ —6 66—̃——m—— 


there are ſl iyne in a battaile, 100000. ol men adiopning vpon Mofcowe: an 
warres all kunde of armour, * „iber ban inchets 

4 The prouince of Canſas hath 4. great cities, and twentie (mall cities and 77. townes and 
Catles sit contayneth in length, 55. leagues: it hath 362000, houſes of great men that pap 

por and 13900. men ol warte: and bath 47000, hoples which are che kings, kepe fop bis 

5 The great citie of Paquyn where the king doth lye, bath beionging to it 8. great ci 
and 18. mall cities with 118. townes and Caſtles, it bath 418789. aie of 2 — 
pap tribute: it hath bopfemen fop the warrt, 258 100. This citie is in the latitude of 30. degtees 
to the Nosth wards, being there as colde as it is vſually in Flanders. 

0 * great citie of Canton, wherein are manp men of warre, to keepe that pallage from 
the Tartars. 

7 The prouince of Soychin, bath 7. great cities, and 16. (mall: with 12. townes, and Ca 
les, and one great citie, to which many doe tepapze to fight againſt the Tartars, It bach ſe · 
— leagues in length: and hath 164118. great houſes which pay tribute, and g6000,men 
of warre. 

8 Che prouince of Santo, hath 6. great cities, and 14. mall, with oo, Townes, and Caſtles: 
It is 82. les gues long, and bath 77 555. great houſes which pay tribute 63808, hogſemen, and 
31000. footemen of warre, 

9 The pꝛouince of Oyman hath 7. creat cities, and 13. ſmall, and 90. Cownes,aud Caſtles 
being o. league lung. and 3 29 58. great houles that pap tribute: 28 00. men ol wirt, out 
ol this citie cometh Copper quicklſiluer, and blacke leane, 

10 The proumce Cutche w hath 8. great Cities, and 12. fall, and 83. Cotwnes, which 
make ar mour to fig tt m the la wes, which do inhabite beyond Cauchin china: It is ioo. ltagues 
tnoade, and hath 32920, hogſemen, and foocemen, with 405670, great houſes which pap tris 
bute, wyereof the men ol warre are payde. 

11 The pꝛouince of Languyn, bath 14. great cities and leuenteene finall, and 95. Townes, 
and Caſtles, it ia 120. lcagurs ouer, and hath 962818, great hauſcs which pay tribute: it hat 
208 900. men of warre, whereof there are 52500, Tartar hoꝛſemen that take wages. 

12 The pꝛouince of V quam hath fourteene great Cities, and 19. ſmall, 150, Townes 
and Caltles, and is 210. leagues boabe, and 5 3161 ,poules that pap tribute, aud 7 i 600,men of 
warre. 

13 The ppouince of Som hath 7. great cities, and 1 r.finall,and 105, townes and calles,and 
is 200, leagues Woade and houſes that pap tribute 139567. and men of warte. 34563 2, 

14 The pꝛouiuce of Esſitan hath 11 great cities and 75 .{mall, and go. townes, and caſtels, 
amm ia 340. leagues byoade, and great houles that doe pay tribute 124213 5. and 339. men 
of warte. 

15 This lake lieth behinde Siam, and before C hampa, and doeth ioyne with the Lappians, 
and trum theuce comes all the water chat ferues che kingdome of China, andthe Indians ofthe 
Chinians doe report this lake to bee the whole woylde, and fo they paynt the lea, the moone, and 
the Qarves within it. . 

16 Che prounce of Canſay Gath 1. cities, andachiefe citie, and 73. Townes and Caliles. 
and is 260. leagues tobt, aud hath great houles that pap tribute, 1393629. and 1270. men 
ok warre. 

17 The promnee of Cuauſa hath 1 >. great cities, . j. ſmall, and 5 1. tomnes and Calles: it 
is 260. leagues bad, aud hath great youles that pap tribute, 1306 390, and nen of warre both 
footemen, and bopfemen,1 00100, 

18 Che prouince of Vanam hach fourtecne great cities, and 36. {mall and 3 4, townes and 
caftles, and is 88. leagues taade, 589296. great houles that pap tribute, and 15100, men 
of warre. 

19 The prouince of Suckin hath eight great cities, and one principal citie, and 34. tones, 
and Caſtles, and two great Cities of Garrison, to kecpe watch vpon the lapons, and is 200, 
—— hioade, and path, 5009532, great houſes that pap tribute, and 4003 223. men of the 

ings garde. 

— The pꝛouinte of Canton hath fourtie great cities, and ſeuen ſmall, and 77 .townes and 
Calkles, anda Citie that puttetb fooreh bundzeds of thippe. fop the keeping of Cachew + 
China is 380,leagues in byeanth and hach 483 383 great houſes which pap tribute, and 39400 
men of warre. 21 Che 


. 


ow 


% dan 


Woe NOMA Ww 3 oe 


n 


* 


. —— 


r 


& A . ere 


R * 


ers Ve ** 
aa 


71 


Vids WAR 4: 


N 


ale ake aS 


\ 


a ee 
815 The voyages and difcoueries S.W.Ra.a/signement, 
a 
21 Che Citie Champa ſtandeth in fourercene degrees to rhe JRopbtwarde of the Cqut: 

on Che port of Cochin China, ſtandeth in the latitude of uxttene degrees and a halle to 


Nthward. 
23 The ppouince of Enam, bath 7. great Cities, and 13. ſmall, and go tones and C 
omnis 88 leagues byoad,and bath 389296. great houles that pap tribute, ¢ 1 pepe ing : 


2 Footemen ~ 
454728. ei 
The totall fumme, 7 
7933785, 


An asſignement from Sir Walter e to diuers Gentlemen, 
and Merchants of London, for the inhabiting and planting 


of our people in Virginia, 


aunt bearing date after the computation of England the 7, day of Januat ie in the pere of our 
ode God 1587. and in the 29. peere of the raigne of our Soueraigne Lady Queene Eliza 
beth made betwixt him the ſald Dir Mater Raleigh knight of the one partie, and John Cibice, 
Roger Baylpe, Ananias Dapze, Chniſtopher Cooper, John Sampfon, Thoman Stecuens, 
Tlulliam Fulwood, Roger Piat, Dionile Paruie, John Nichols, Geozge Howe, James 
Plat, and Dimon Ferdinando of London Gentlemen of the other partie, graunted onto the ſald 
John bite, Roger Baylpe, and the reit, free libertie to carrie with them into the late diſtoue⸗ 
red barbarous lande, and countrie called Aſſamacomock, alias Wingandacoia, alias Virginia, 
there to inhabite with them, ſuch, and fo many ol her Maieſtics ſubiects, as ſhall willingiy ace 
company them, together with ſufficient ſhipping and furniture for the ſame, and alfo diuers, and 
funtpic other pꝛerogatiues, iuriloictions, xopalties, and ppeheminences, as in, and bp the ſaid ine 
denture ol graunt, it doeth, and map moze at large alfa appeare: Mowe the lapde Thomas 
Smith, William Sanverfon, Malter Baylye, CAilliam Gamage, Edmund Meuill, Choe 
mas Harding, Malter Marler, Thomas Martin, Gabziel Harris, T Ailliam Geoꝛge, CAlilliam 
tone, Henry Fleetewood, Tohn Gerarrd, Robert Macklin, Richard Hakluyt, Thomas 
Wood, Thomas Made, Richard Wiriahe,Comund Talden, and others, aduenturers as afopse 
ſayde pucpoling, and intending to be made free of the coꝛpozation, companie, and ſocietie lately 
made by the fapo Sir CHialter Ralegb, in the citic of Ralegh, intended to be erected ¢ builded in 
acomock, alias Wingandacoia alias Virginia afopeſaid, as by his ſaid iudenture made ta 

the ſaid John Trhite, Roger Baylp, e the reſt moge at large it doth appeare, do vpon p lealing, 
eifecting, x confirmation of theſe patents aduenture diners e ſundyy ſums of money, marchandi⸗ 


Ses Shiping munition, bictual, and other commodities, into the laid lopr aine and remote cant 
0 


SW. 
of Aflamaco 
abuencure, a 
Die alter 


graunted, e 
and eue ry of 
Auiuam 
Calter Ma 
Fleetewood 
Aae, Nich 
with the fapr 
fon, Thoma 
and euer pol 
their, and eu 
by the (pace 
all times fo) 
whatfocuer, 
dacoia alias 
afopefapne, v 
fon oz perfon 
ſhall op may ¢ 
Calter Ra 
any intereſt, 
made, oz here 
Sit alter 
ligion, in, ant 
prefermento 
fo the incou 
TMilliam G 
Gabꝛiel Har 
Macklin, Ri 
den, John Ca 
aduenturers 
poſe, and giu 
ſayde, the ſun 
red and diſpo 
mentioned,“ 
ſumme of ro 
and increale, 
and to the vf 
them, wiehou 
ter Ralegh,! 
for himſelfe 
to, and with 
mage, Come 
with che fap 
ampfon, “ 
Dpmmock, 
charge, ſaue 
of them, thet 
uants of ther 
ſerue them o 
toles, taxes, 
red oz demat 
ding, oz tran 
mock, alias 
ſapde, where 
oz ſball haue 
tie, other i 


en, 


of our 
e, and 
ipfull 
night, 
k alias 
mith, 
rbing, 
Denrp 
omas 
Virgi- 
ocke, 
aleigd 
5. dap 
bp the 
0} the 
bp the 

re of 
ol our 
Eliza⸗ 

hite, 
uens, 
ames 
e fate 
coucs 
ginia, 


M. Raleghs aſugnement. ot the Engliſhmation. 


— — . — — 
ol Aflamacomock alias Wingandacou, alia Virginia atoheſ aid: in confideratid al wel of which 
abuencure, as allo fop divers, and {undpp other good cault s, and conſiderations him the lapde 
Au CClaleer Ralegb theteunto efpectallp mouing, The (apo Dur alter Nalegb bath giuen, 
graunted, couenanted and pꝛomiſcd, and by theſe yt ſents top humſelle, his bepres, and afliqnes 
and eue ry of them, Doth giue, graunt, couenant, and pꝛomiſe, to ¢ with the (aid Thomas mith, 
CLUillam Wanderſon, Malter Baply, William Gamage, Edmund euil. Thomas Harding, 
Alalter Marler, Thomas Martin, Gabptel Harris, IAilliam Oconge, CTlulllam Ytone, Henry 
Fleetewood, John Gerrard, Robert Packlyn, Richard Maklupe, Thomas Hoode, Tomas 
Clade Richard Alright, Comund A alden, and others aduenturers afopefapoe, and vnto, and 
with the ſayd John CAhite, Roger Baylye, Ananias Dapre, Chuiſto pher Cooper, John San 
fon, Thomas Stetuens, Roger Pat, Dioniſe Haruie, John. Michols, Dumtrey Dunmocke, 
and euer pol them, eht ir he y pts, and allignes, and the heynes, and aſſignes of euer y of them, and 
their, and euer y of their Ocpuries, Facto)s, o; Apprentifes, who ſhall (crue them, o any of chem 
by che {pace ol ſeuen peeres, that they, and tuery, opanp of them, fall from time to time and at 
all times fo euer haue free trade, and traffique fop all manner of Mat chandiſe, en commoditics 
whatſocuer, vnto, in, and from all that part ol America, called Afamacomock, alias Wingan- 
dacoia, alias Virginia afogeſayde, o; vnto, 0} from any other part, 0) countrie, of, 0) in America 
afopeſapde, where hee the ſayde Dir Malter Raleigh bis hepres 07 AMignew, 6: any other pers 
fon 07 perſons clapming oz pretending anv manner of right, title, oz incerelf, 07 which hereafter 
ſhall op map claime, op pretend any right, tiile, op intereſt, by, from, op under him the ſayde Wir 
Walter Raleigh, hath,chalengeth,clapmech,op map 07 ſball hereafter, haue, thaleng, os clapme 
anp intereſt, iuriſdiction, title, rule, op priuiledge, by any conuctance, 0} diſc ouerie beretofoye 
made, o; hereafter to be made, 0 by anp other way oz meanes whatſotuer. And further the fapve 
Sie Wialter Raleigh. as well foh, and in elpeciall tegard, and peale of planting the chzitian res 
ligion, in, and amongſt the fapde barbarous and heathen countries, and for the aduancement and 
meferment of the fame, and the common veilicie and profite of the inhabitants therein, as alſo 
fo} the incouragement of che ſayde Thomas Smith, William Sander lon, CAalter Baplpe, 
TMilliam Gamage, Edmund Meuill, Chomas Harding, Calter Parler, Thomas Martin, 
Gabziel Harris, lilliam George Cilliam Stone, Henry Fleetewood, John Gerrard, Nobert 
Macklin, Richard Hakluyt, Thomas Hood, Thomas Clade, Richard CThhight, Ctmund Lal 
den, John Chite, John Nichols, and the other AMManes nowe lying in Virginia, and others 
aduenturers aſope ſayde, their heirs, and aſſignes, doth by theſe prefents, freely, and liberally dil 
poſe, and giue vnto them, che ſayd Thomas Dmith, TAilliam Sander ſon, and the reit alohe · 
ſayde, the ſumme ok one hundzed pounds of lawful money of England, to bee by them aduentu · 
red and diſpoled, in, and amongſt other their aduentures vnto the places, and countries befoze 
mentioned, To haue, holde, occupie, vſe, emplop, poſſelſe, enioy, and diſpole, as well the ſapde 
ſumme of roo. pound, giuen as aforefapd,as alſo all ſuch gapne, pꝛofite, commoditie, aduantage 
and inereaſe, as they by Gods aſſiſtance, Wall thercof make to their onely vſes and beboofes, 
and to the bles and behooles of the ſeuerall heyꝛes exetutoꝛs, and Aſſignes ol them and euery ol 
them, without rendꝛing any account foz the lame. ox any parcel thereof, to the ſayde Sir Aa. 
ter Nalegh, bis heires, txeutoys on allignes, oy anp of them. And the laid Sir Cater Ralegb, 
for bimfelfe his beyns, and alſignes, and euery of them, docth further couenant, and graunt, 
to, and with che faye Thomas Smith, William Sander ſon, Calter Baply, CCitliam Oa 
mage, Edmund Neuill, Thomas Harding, Malter Marler, and the reſt afozefapde, and to, and 
with the lapde John Thite, Roger Baplpe, Ananias Daze, Chhiſtopper Cooper, John 
Pamnpfon, Thoman Stecuens, Roger Prat, Dioniſe Haruie, John J2 ols, and Onmtrie 
Dymmock, and the heyzes. and aſſignes of them, andeucrp of them by chefe prefents, to dil⸗ 
charge, laue and keepe harmeleſle, from time to time, and at all times for euer chem, and cuctp 
of them, their ſeuerall heyꝛes, and aſſignes, and tuerp of them, and the neputies, factors and fers 
uants of them, and euery of them, and apppentifes of them, and cucrp oz any of them, who thal 
ferue them oz any of them the {pace of ſeuen peeres, of, and from all rents, fubfivies, cuſtoms, 
toles, taxes, tallages, and all other charges, ſeruicts, buctics,and demaunds, whatſocuer requts 
red 0} demaunded, oz to be required op Demanded, at anytime oꝛ times hereafter, 02 forthe trae 
ding, oz cran{porting anp commoditie op pꝛolite, into o from the layde counttie of Affamaco- 
mock, alias Wingandacoia, alias Virginia afcpeſapd, o) anp other countrey in America afores 
ſapde, whereunto, oꝛ wherein, the layde Bir Malter Ralegh,bishepres, o; aſlignes. hath oz map 
on hall haue any inter eſt, right oꝛ title, by vertue of the ſayde letters pattents, on by any diſcoue⸗ 
tie, o other meanes whatſoeuer, o fo) any other matter, tauſt, op thing whatſoeuer: the lt ap 


OW dn SW ae 


SAR AS ew. * 


a 


147 


an 


— . ow 
& 


sms 


3222 


l 


Ja 


: a Tg x: 


sry. 


‘tT 


N. EP oS 


2 
7 
N Vj 


7 
. 


2 


* 
— 


IMAGE EVALUATION 
TEST TARGET (MT-3) 


14 


1 


1.25 


| 817 he voyages and diſcoueries William Michelfon. 


Of all the oare of golde, and ſiluer that from time to tune, and at all times alter ſuch diſcouerie, 
ſubduing and poflefling as afopefaive, halbe there gotten, and obtained (alwaies reſerues to the 

ple ef che (aid Sir Mater Ralegh bis heyzes, and allignes) onelp excepted, and foꝛepꝛiſed. And 
the Capo Sir Mater Raleigh doeth further couenant, and graunt by theſe prefents for bim, his 
hepres, and aſſignes, to and with the ſayd Thomas Smith, William Danderſon, and the ree 
afozeſayd their heiresg aſſignes, that be che {aid fic Mater Ralegh, his beyzes, o; aſſignes, vpon 
ſufficient ¢ reafonable requeſt made to him by the perfons afogeſapd, o any of them, their heireg, 
oz aſũignes, ſbal and wil at any time, oʒ times bereaſter, ratiſie,affirme, and appꝛoue by bis deede, 
oz deedes, oz by any other conueiance, oꝛ conueiances in lawe, the coppozation beretofope made by 
dim the ſapde Dir Mater Raleigh, conſiſting of one Gouernour, and twelue aſliſtants, as by 
his ſapd Indenture made to John Mhite and others, moze plainely doth appeare, fop the moe 
perfect, and better aſſurance, and {ure making of the {aide coppopation, if any imperfection, and 
want in law thereof bee. And further, that hee the ſapde Sir Mater Raleigh, bis hexꝛes, and 
alſignes, ſhall, and will, as much as in him oz them lieth, pꝛocure, and indeuour to obtaine, the 
Queenes maieſties letters patents, fo; ratification, approbation, and moze ſure confirmation, 
ol the ſayde coppopation and ſocietie with al pꝛerogatiues, commodities, inriſdictions, xopalties, 
privledges, and prebeminences, whatſoeuer graunted, and coucied by her Maieltie, to the ſaide 
Dit Mater Raleigh, bis heires oz aflignes, oz by bim the ſayd Sir Malter Raleigh, to the fain 
John white, and others, as by his ſaid indenture of graunt made to the ſapde John White, ann 
others mone plainely appeareth. In witneſſe whereof, the parties to theſe pꝛeſents, haue heres 
uato interchangeably put their hands, and ſealts, the day and peere fir aboue witten. 


Abriefe remembrance, for want of further aduertiſements as 
Jet, of a vage made this prefent yeere, 158 9 William 
Michelfon Captaine, and William Mace of Ratliffe, Maſter of 
a thippe called the Dogge: to the bay of Mexico in 
the Weſt India, 


be fopelaive ſbippe called the Dogge, of the burden of threeleope and 
a ten tunnes was furmiſbed, and armed forth with che number of 40. 
N. (4) men: it departed from the coatt of England in the moneth of Pap, di⸗ 
recti fop the weſt India: It ſell wich the Bay of Mexico, and chere 
met with diners SPpantth (hips at ſundzy times, whereof chyec fell ine 
Hi to her lappes, and were forced to peelde to the mercy of the Englich: 
che laſt chat they met with in the Bay, was a Spanith man of warte, 
l | whore the English chaled, and after chee ſeuerall fightes,vpon thee 
diuers dapes, pꝛeſſed him fo farre, that he intreated a parle, by putting 
out a llagge ol trute: the parle was graunted, and certainẽ of che Spaniards came aboꝛde the 
Engliſb · Nhere alter conference about chofe matters that had palled in fight betwixt tbem. they 
teceiuedreafonable intertapnment and a quiet farewel. The paniſh, as if they had meut to 
reguite the Eng lich curteſie, inuited our men to their Hip, whe perlwading themſelues of good 
meaning in ehe Spanith, went abochd: but honelt and friendly dealing, was not their purpoſe, 
ſuddenly they alſaulted our men, and one with a dagger ſabde the Englith vilot to the hart and 
lleme him, and others were ſerued wich the like fauce, only william Mate the Patter, and two 
others, notwithſtanding all ebe prepared trappes ofthe enemie, lept ouer boonde into the fea, 
and fo came ſafe to their owne ſhippe ꝛ and directing bis courfe fo; England, arrined at Plim· 
mouth the 10. day of September lat, laden with wines, yꝛon, NRoans which is a kinde ol linnen 
tloth, and other rich commodities , looking fon the ariuall ok the reſt of bis confopts, whercot 
one, and the principal, bath not long fince obtapned bis pot. Thus much in generall termes 
onelp, A baue as pet learned, and receiued touching this voyage, extracted out of letters ſent 
from the fopefapd cMilliam Pate, to Walter Edward Milkinfon of Coure Will in London. 
Pp principal intention by this example, is to admoniſh aur nation of circumſpection in dealing 
With that fubtill ene mie, and neuer to tru the Mpanith further, then that their owne ſerength 
wpalbe able to matter them: kon otherwile mhoſotuer thall though ſimplicitie ttuſt their curtelie, 
hall by trial taſte ol their allured crueltie. ; . 10. Th 
2E 


Benin la 


The voya 
Bird Ma 


with a 
5 | 


lowing we arr 
uer the barret 
we had put the 
arriued the 20 
ter, to goe loꝛ B 
riuall. and of th 
man in their co 
ties: hereupon 
twentith day 
and twentith v 
folemme feat ¢ 
oz chiefe man, 
our trading, w 
Elephants tect 
Che ürſt of 
anſ were for ou 
ſhewed vs one 
plucked from 
be done:and th 
it ſo vnpꝛepare 
pepper. Ther 
at tuhichtime 
our being at 
all of vs intat 
which we alre 
the men of out 
and goods Dov 
my comming 
A put the go 
hood, many o 
moze, and m 
nin, Mhere 
were aboue to 
the Captaine 
alfo dyed wit 
ſuch pepper ⸗ 
fon will appe 
fap any long 
tommon fick! 
mayned w 
ken all for th 
Uery hardly 
Godhauingg 


Benin late voyage. ofthe Englith Nation: 


i ; 


The voyage fet foorth by Mafter Iohn Newton, and Maſter lohn 
Bird Marchants of London to the kingdome and ( stie of Benin in Africa, 
with a ſhip called the Richard of Arundell, and a pinneffe in the yecre, 1588, 
briefely fet do wne in this letter following, wtitten by the chiefé 
Factor in the voyage to the forefaid Marchants at the 
time ofthe ships firft arrival at Plymmouth, 


IPODS Dillipfull Sing, the vifcourte of owe whole proceeding in this voyage, willalde 
I. mode time and a perſon in better health then J am at this pꝛelent, ſo that J truſt 
WEN will pardon me. till my comming vp to vou: in the meane time let this lul 

ce. THibereas we departedin the moneth of December from the coat of Eng 
band with pour good (hip the Richard ol Arundell and the pinnelle, we held on 
dt vivect cvurſe cowards our appointed port, and the 14. dayof Fehynary fol: 

Towing we arriued in the hauen of Benin. where we found not water yndugh to catrte the ſhip o⸗ 

uer the barre ſothat we left her without in the road, aud with the pinneſle, aud thip boate into which 

we had put the chietelt of our marchandile we went vp the riuer to a plate called Goto, where we 
atriued the 20. at Febuary the foꝛeſaid Goro being neerelt place that we could tome to bywa⸗ 
ter, to goe foꝛ Benin. From thence we pꝛeſently fent Negroes to the king, to certifie him ok our ar: 
rival ann ok the cauſe of our comming thither: who returned to vs againe the 22. day with a noble 
man intheit company to Ning vs vp to the Citie, and with 200. Megroes to carrie out commodi: 
ties: hereupon the 23. dap we deliuered our Marchandiſe to the Ringes Factor, and the fiue and 
twentith day we came to the great Citic of Benin, where we were well intertaineds The fire 

and twentith day wee went to the Court to haue ſpoken wich the King, which (by reafon of a 

ſolenme kealt then kept amongeſt them) we could not doeꝛ but pet wee {pake wich his Viadore, 

on chiele man, that hach the dealing with the Cipittians: ard we lan ferred with him concerning 
our trading, who aul were vs, that we ſhoulde haue all thinges to our delice, both in pepper and 

Elephants tech. aa ae 
The ürſt of March, we were admitted to che kings pꝛelence, and he made vs the like curteous 

anſ were fo our traffique:the next day we went againe to the Court, where the fopeſald Viadore 

ſhewed vs one batket ok greene pepper, and another of brie in the talkes: we delired co haue it 
plucked krom the ſtalkes and made cleane, who anlwered. that it would alte time hut yet it Houle 
be doneꝛand that againt another peere it ſbould be in better readines and the reafon why we ound 
it lo vnpꝛepared was, becauſe in this kinges time no Chuiſtians had euer reſoxed thither, to lade 
pepper. Che next day there were ſent vs x 2. baſketaʒ and fo a little euer day vutil the g ol March 
at whichtime we had made vpon 94. ſerons of pepper, and 28. Clephantes teeth. In this time ol 
dur being at Benin, our nature at this ſitſt time not ſo well acquainted with chat climate, we fell 
all of vs into the dileaſe of the feuer, whereupon the Captaine {ene me downe with thoſe grods 
which we alreany had reteiued, co the ret ol our men at Goro, where being arriued, J found all 
the men of our pinnelſe licke alla, and by reaſon of their weakenes not able to conuey the pinnelſe 
atid goods Downe to the place where our hip roade: but by good happe within two houres alter 
my comming to Goto, the boate came vp from the fhip.to fee how all ching tod with vs, fo that 

J put the goods into the boate, and went do tune toward the hip: but by that time I was came as 

bond, many of our men dped: namely, Mater Benſon, the Cowper, the Carpenter, and 3. m 4. 

ntore, and my felfe was allo in ſuch a weake Rate that J was not able to returne agapne to Be- 

nin. IAhertupon J ſent vp Samuel Dunne, and the Chirurgian with him to dur men that 
were aboue to let them blood, if it were thought needefuls who at their comming to Benin, found 
the Captaine and pour ſonne Gilliam Biro dend, nd Thomas Pempſterde verp weake, the 
alſo dyed within ttoo dapes after their comming thither. This ſoꝛowkul actident tauſed them with 
fuch pepper and teeth, as they could then linde peedelyto returne to the thippe, as bythe Carga- 
fon will appeares at their comming away the Viadore told ther, that if tbey could o woulde 
ſtay any longer time, he would vie all polltble expedition to boing in moze commodittex:dut the 
common ficknes lo increated, and continued amon vs all, that by the time out men which re 
mapned were come aboonde, wee had ſo many liche, and dead of our company, that wer loos 
ke all for the fame happe, and fo thought to loole boch our Sobipye, life, Countrie and all, 
Uery hardly aud with much ade could we get vpdur aukers, but pet ac the lak by che mettie of 
Godhauing gotten them vp, but leauing our e * 


j : , 2 Lee 
Cue aN * a Ne AN * 4 . N Yt 


77 


r 
ar 


D N 
j 
vw 


= ho Ny 3 20 = 


IM GN sO TA 
RAI KMS? A 
ei ' : ' 
fr NY) n. MP Xi. 


A. „ 


e 7 a 
Knee RNAP PA PRO RARAARAAAARARAS BAAS SAS side te il — 
Re ow oE ho oye TN . 
1 0 vas „ — 5 7] — 2 
— . D4 5 3 — x # = 1 = 4 4 
ch . 5 N AI, MD 2 f 


* 


Cu N. 


GAZ 


„ 


x 5 
II ott b. oa be 


PSR 
2 


* 


NN 


w 
i 


{22D * 
N 
U 


7? 


Er? 


a 
N WZ de SOR M, 


* 


— —— — —u— 
dig l he voyages and diſcoueries M.ferom Hor/ey, 


was bpon the 1 3. of Apull. Alter which bp litle and lit le our men began to gather wp their crums 
md to recouer ſome better ſtrength: anv lo failing bernaxt the Wands of Cape Werde, and the 
ewe came tothe Alandegokche Acores bronthe J or Zulp, where dur menbegan atecth 
to growe ill, and diuere dyed among won DSamuell Durie was one, and as manp as remais 
ned lpulug, were in a hard cafe : but in the midlt ol our vittvefle,it fell ſo well out, by Gods good 
pouidence, that we mett with pour ſhippe the Barke burre, on this ſide the Moreh cape, which did 
not onely keepe vs good companp, but allo Cenc vs 6.freth men abooyd, without whole helpe, we 
ſbould ſurely haue talted of many inconuemiences. But by this good meanes, we are now at the 
laſt arriued in Pymmouth, this 9. dap of Beptember: and fox want of better bealth at this time 
J referve the further knowledge of moze particularities, till my commig to London. d 
1 030 Yours to command 
6 5 AnthonieIngram, 


lor water. The moſt ſolemne, and magnificent coronation of \Pheodore Tua- 


nowiche, Emperor of Ruſcia exc. the 10. of Iune, in the jeere 1584. Jeene 
and obferued by Metter Ierom Horfey gentleman, and ſeruant to her Maiettie, a man of 
great traucll,andlong experience in thoſe partes: wherewith is alſd ioyned the courſe 
ofhis iourney ouer land from Mofcoto Emden, the right place of which diſeoutſe 
isimmediatly after the Embaſſage of Sir lerom Bowes in the fecond part of this hiftories 
which being fully printed, before this matter came to my hands, Lam forced here to an- 
nexe it, leaſt ſo rate a thing fhould be ſuppreſſed, and the diligent ſeruice of the forefaid 
gentleman not knowne as well as others ofthe {ame nature. 


Hen the old Empero Iuan Vaſilewich dyed, (being about the 18 
Apnill, 1584, after our computation) in the cise ot — coke 
raigned 54. beereg there was ſome tumult, and vpꝛoze among ſome of 
a the nobilitie, aunxomminaltie, which notwithſtanding was quickly pas 
Ke = Aran fame night, the Pꝛince Boris Fedorowich Go- 
NN a donoua,Knzz Iusd Fedoro wich, Meſthis Slafsky, Knæz Iuan Petro- 
— 90 * wich Susky, Mekita Romanowich and Bodan Iacoulewich Belſ- 
Nr koy, being all noble men, and chiekeſt in the Emperoꝛe Mill, efperi: 
4 allpthe Loyd Bonis, wbom he adopted as bis third ſonne and was byas 
ther to the Empꝛpelle, who was a man berg well liked of all eſtates, as no leſſe woꝛthy fo his valure 
and wiſedome, all theſe were appointed to diſpoſe, and ſettle his ſonne, Feodore Iuanowich, has 
wing one fone another, and all the nobilitie, and officers whoſoeuer. In the morning the dead 
Emperoꝛ was lapd into the Church of Michael the Archangell into a hewen ſepulcre, very riche 
tp derkedwith betturcs fit fox uch a purpole: and pꝛeſent Wroclamation was made, (Emperoz 
Feodore Iuanowich of all Ruſſia gt. ) Throughout all the Citie of Moſco, was great match and 
ward, with louldpers, and gunners, good opders eftablithed, and officers placed to ſubdue the ti 
multers, and mainteine quietnes:to fee what ſpeede and pollicie was in this cafe vſed was a thing 
worth the bebolding, This being done in Mofko, great men ot birth and attompt, were alſo ype: 
ſently lent to the bopdering Townes, as Smolensko Vobs ko, Kaſan, Nouogorode gt. with fre 
garriſon, and the o d ſeut by. As vpon the 4. ol Map a parliament was held, wherein were allem 
bled the Petropalitane, Archbicbops, Bithops, ions and chtefe tlergie men and all the nobilitie 
whatſoeuer: where many matters were determined not pertinent to my pnrpole, pet all tended 
to anew reloꝛmation in the gouernement: but efpectallp the terme, and time was agreed vpon fop 
the ſolemntzing of che new Emperors coponation, In the meane time the Cuppetle, wife to the old 
Emperop, was with her child the Emperors fonne, Chare wich Demetrie Iuanowich, of one 
peres age oꝛ there abouts, ſent with her father Feodor Feodorowich Nagay, and chat med bes 
ing 6. Bꝛothers to a Towne called Owglets, which was giuen vnto her, and the puny Punce 
be forme, with all the landes belonging to it in the ſbire. with officers of all foytes appointed, has 
ry 0 of appartl,iewels, dpet-honſe ger. in atple maner belonging to the eltate of a prin: 
c f Che time of mourning alter theit ve being expired, called Sorachyn, o; fortic opderlie 
pais, the dap of the ſulemnizing of this coponation, with great preparations, was come, being 
vpon the pay of June, 1584, and that day then Sunday, he being of the age of 25, peered: 
re Soe lerom Horſey was onderly ſent fop, and placev in a fit roome to (ee all the 
lemnitie. Che Emperoz comming out of his Wallace, there went before him, the Metropol 
| tan, 


4) N 


* 


M. Fero 


tan, Arehbitho 
Pueſtes garm 
banners, cenſt 
with vis nobili 
umd ſeruice w 
Church, called 
from thence to 
thereof was a 
times: his robe 
ing placedin ¢ 
imperiall Cra 
Hand, his (wort 
kingdom were 
the Metropoli 
witnifter true 
giuen him, and 
Through t 
whom we glo 
maker of allt 
king, he both! 
his only childs 
ee ſpit 
uffer vs to raig 
gether witht 
Layo his crolle 
an vpper robe 
waies augmer 
by 6. Dukes, 
right hauv oke 
Marchants of 
This Jewels 
beloze him bp! 
rien before hin 
model i 
ory EAN 
ie at Chi 
Ruſſia His ho 
cious Tones, 
There wa: 
md two fadot 
from the pꝛell 
with the thro 
cloth of gold. 
from one chu 
ſcarlet was c 
ſerue it foꝛ a1 
in great qua: 
mende deckel 
were apparel 
bility, where 
in regiſter fo 
ing in her pa 
tious, erich. 
was placed’ 
people, God 
ment boufes 
trownes we 
garde th 


a 
ar fey, M.Ferom Horſey. of the Engliſh nation. » 820 


ircrums tan, Archbithops, Bithops, and cheelelt Monkes, and Clergie men, 
„and the Pueſtes garmentes vpon chem, carping pictures of our Lane ae. wes eee Cat etl 
an a teeth bannerg, cenſers amd many other {uch ceremonious things, ünging all the wap, The Empewz 
as remai⸗ with bis nobilitte in oder entred the Church named Blauefhina, o) Bleflednes, where praptrs, 
ods good and ſeruite were wfev,accopding to the maner of their Church: that done, they went thence to the 
which did Church, called Michael the Archangell, and there allo ved the like prapers, and ſeruite: and 
helpe, we From thence to our Ladie Church, Prechiſta, beeing their Carhenall Church, In the middeſt 
ow at the thereof was u chapye of mateſtte placed, wherein his Aunceftors vled to fic at ſuch extraondinarie 
bis time, times : bis robes were then changed, andmoftriche and vnualuable gatmentes put on hum: bees 
N ing placed in this Puncely ſeate, his nobilitie Kanding tound about him in their degrees, bis 
and imperiall Crowne was ſet vpon his head by the Petropolitan, bis Scepter globe in his right 
m. hand. his (mond of Juſtice in bis lett of great riches: his 6, Crownes allo, by which he halderh bis 
ö kingdom were fet befode him e the Loyd Boris Pheodorowich wag placed at his right hand:then 
e Iua- e iniee 5 1 a with exhortations to the Emperoz to 
ty ’ ieh tranqu e Crowne ol his aunceſtoꝛs, whi 
ſeene giuen him, and vled theſe wonds following. eee wänden dn 
h man of Through the will ofthe almightie & without begining God which was before this world, 
e courſe whom we ‘pte inthe Trinitie, one onely God, the Father,the Sonne, and the holy Ghoft, 
iſcoutſe, maker of all things, worker of all in all euery where, fulfiller of al thin gs, by which wil, & wor- 
hittories king. he both liueth, & giueth life to man: that our only God which enſpireth euery one of vs 
re to an- his only children with his word to diſcerne God through our Lord leſus Chriſt, and the hol 
foreſaid e ſpitit of life now in theſe perilous times eftablith vs to keepe the right Scepter, and 
uffer vs to raigne of our ſelues tothe good profit of the land to the fcb ofthe people, to- 
gether with the enemies, and the maintenance of vertue: and fo the Metropolitan bleſſid and 
e 18. of lapd his croſſe vpon him. Alter this. he was taken out ok his chaire of Maieſtie, haumg vpon him 
„ hauing an vpper robe adoꝛned with precious ones of all ſoꝛtes, opient pearles of great quantitie, but ale 
x ſome of Wales augmented in riches:it was in waight 200, pounds, the traine, and parts thertot bome vp 
ickly pa⸗ by s. Dukes, his chief imperiall Crowne vpon his head very precious : bis Matte impertall in his 
ich Co- right hand ok an vnitomes home of 3 foot and a halle in length beter with riche long, bought of 
n Petro- Marchants of Ausburge by the old Emperoꝛ in An. 158 1. and colt him 7000. Markes ſterling. 
ch Belſ- This Jewel ep. Hoꝛſey kept ſomtimes, beſode the Emperoꝛ had it. is ſcepter globe was caried 
l, efpect: before him by z pꝛince Boris Pheodorouich, his rich cap beet with rich ſtones ¢ pearles was ca 
was bros ried befoye him by a Duke: his 6. Crownes alſo were caried by Demetrius Iuanowich Godo- 
is balure noua, the Emperors uncle, Mekita Romano wich the Emperojs bnele, Steuan Vaſiliwich, Gre- 
ich, ha⸗ gory Vaſili wich, Iuan Vaſiliwich bꝛothets of the blood rotall, Thus at loſt the Emperoꝛ tame to 
the dead g the great Church door, e the people cried, God laue our Emperor Pheodore Iuano wich of all 
erp riche Ruſſia. is hoꝛſe was there readiemok richly adoꝛned with a couering of imbꝛodered pearle e pee 
cious ſtones ſaddle, e all furniture agreeableto it, repoꝛted to be wonth 3 ooooo. markes ſterling. 
There was a bridge made of 150. fadome in length, 3. manner of wales, 3. foote aboue ground 
and two fadome bꝛoad . foꝛ him to goe from one Church ta the other with his doꝛinces and nobles 
fromthe pꝛeſle of the people, which were in number inſtnite, and ſome at that time pꝛelſed to death 
with the thong. As the Emperoꝛ returned out ofthe Churches they were ſpꝛed vnder ſoote with 
Cloth oF gold che porches of the Churches with red veluet, the bainges with ſcarlet. x Rammell cloth 
from one church to another:and as ſoone as the Emperoz was palled by, che cloth of gold veluet ¢ 
ſcarlet was cut, and taken of thoſe that could come by it euer p man deſirous to haue a piece, cores 
ſerue it for a monument ililuer, and gold toyne then mynted of purpole was catt among the people 
in great quantity. The loꝛd Boris Pheodorow ich was fumptuoutly,¢ richly attired, with his gare 
mente decked with great onient pearle, belet with all lots of precious ſtones. In like rich manner 
were apparelen al the family of the Godonouaes in their degrees, with the reſt of the princes, e nox 
bilitp, whereof one named Kner Iuan Michalowich Glynskie, whoſe robe. hopſe. x furniture, was 
in regiſter found worth C.thouland markes terling beeing of great antiquity. The Carp yetle bes 
ing ür her pallace, was placed in her chairs of Maieſtie alfo before a great open window: moſt pres 
rious, e rich were her robes und ſhining to behold, with rich tones. a orient pearle be let her crowne 
ppderlie wass placed vpon her head accompanied with her Wrtncelles, E Ladies of eftaces then cricd out che 
„ being people God ppelerue our noble Emppeſle Irenia. After althis the Emperoz came into the Purlia⸗ 
peeres: ment boufe which was richly decked:there he was placed in his ropal feate adamen as beforrhis 6. 
all the trownes were fet before him vpon a tables the batin, and ewer ropall of gold held by his kuighe of 
tropoli⸗ garde uith his men ſtanding tun on each five in wbite apparel okt lach of uluer called Rinmpawith 
tan, Eeee 2 ſtepters, 


av 
70 


n d. 7 


a — = L 
7 — ae 7 7 — —＋ 5 me — <* 
5 . = 5 Ny 2 So at 7 7 — — 7 
> 2 7 nV . 24 . 


1 


. 


~ 
\ 


ELS 


\ 7 ‘A 5 f- PAS ~~ , Ce 5 72 
n 7 : N 
Coy N, 7 AWN 5 IN 


Nu . at 


5 


YN 
„ CX. ZAR 


821 The voyages and diſcoueries M. Ferom Horſey. 


ſcepters, and batt le axes ot gold in their hands: ihe Pxuntes, and nobiluie were all placed accoz: 
dingto their degrees all in their riche raabs. 1g 5 
The Emperoz after a hore dation, permitted enerp man in oꝛder to kiſſe his hande: which 
being done. he remoued ta a pyincelp ſeate prepared fop him at the table: where he was ſerued by 
bis nobles in verp princely oder, The three out roomes being very great, and large were bes 
ſett with plate of golde, and ſiluer round, from the ground vp to the vautg one Lyon the other: 
among which plate were manx barrels ok ſiluer and golde: this ſolenmitie, and triumphe laſted 
a whole weeke, wherein manp royall paſtimes were thewen and vſedꝛ after which the chiefeſt 
men of the nobilitie were elected to their places of office and dignitie, as the Mince Borris Fedo- 
rowich, was made chiefe Counfaplop to the Emperor, Maſter of the hoꝛſe, had the charge of his 
perſon, Liuetenant ofthe Empire, and EMarlike engins, Gouern our of Liuetenant okthe Empire 
of Cazan, and Aſtracan and others: to this dignitie were by Parliameut, and gift of the Empe⸗ 
for giuen him many reuenues, and rich landes, as there was giuen him, and his loz euer to inhe⸗ 
rite a pꝛouinte called Vaga, ot 300. Engliſh myles in length, and 2 50 in bꝛedth, with many towns 
and great village s populous and welthy, his peerely reuenue out of that pꝛouince, is 35. thous 
ſand markes ſterling, being not the 5. part of his pecrelpreuenue, Further, he and his boule be of 
ſuch aucthozitie, aud power, that in 40. dayes warning they are able to boing into the lield 100, 
thouſand Souldiers wel furnished. N 
The concluſion ofthe Emperors Coronation was a peale of opdinance, called a peale ropall 
two myles without the Citic, being 170. great pieces of bpafle of all ſoꝛtes as faire as any can be 
made, thele pieces were all diſcharged with ſhot againſt bulwarkes made of purpole: 20. thous 
fand hargubuſers tanding in 8. rankes two myles in length, appareled all in veluet, coloured 
ſilke and ſtammels, diſcharged their thot alfo twiſe auer in good oꝛder:and fo the Emperoꝛ accom: 
panied with all his princes and nobles. at the leaſt so, choufand hozſe departed tough the Citie 
to his pallate. This ropall coꝛonation would aſke much time, aud many leaues of paper to bee 
delcribed particulerlie ag it was perfopmedsit (hall ſuffice, to vuderſtand that the like magnificence 
was neuer ſeene in Nuſſia. ; , 
The coonation, and other triumphes ended, all the nobilitie, officers, and marchants accopding 
to an artuſtomed ozder everyone in his place, and degree bꝛought rich pꝛelentes vnto the Empe⸗ 
rop, withing him long lile, and ioy in bis kingdame. i 
The lame time alfo Patter lerom Horley afonefaid, remapning as ſeruant in Ruſſia for the 
Queenes moſt excellent Maieſtie, was called fo2 to the Emperoꝛ as he fate in his imperiall ſeate, 
and then alſo a famous Marchant of Netherland being newely come to Moſco, (who gaue him 
ſelfe out to bee the king of Spaines fubtect) talled Iohn de Wale, was. in like {ont called fo, 
Some of the nobilitie would haue pꝛeferred this fubicet of the Dpantard before Maſter Horſey 
ſeruant to the Queene of England, whereunto Waster Horſey would in no caſe agree, ſaying, he 
would haue his legges cutt off by the knees, befoze he would peeldto ſuch an indignitie offred to 
his Doueraigne the Queenes Maieſtie of England, to bring the Emperoz a ppeſent, in courſe 
after the Ring of Spaines ſubiert, oꝛ any other whatſoeuer. The Enrperop, and the Pꝛince Bo- 
ris Fedorowiche perceiuing the cantrouerſie, ſent the L d Treaſozer Peter Iuanowiche Gala- 
uyn, and Vaſilie Shalcan, both of the Caunſell, to them, who deliuered the Enweroz backe, Wa: 
ſter Horſeys ſpeech: whereupon he was ſirſt in oꝛder (as good reafon) admitted and prefenced the 
Empero in the behalfe ofthe Engliſh Marchants trading thither, a pꝛeſent wihing him ioy, and 
lung to raigne in tanquilitie, and fo killed the Emperdurs hand, he accepting the pꝛelent with good 
liking, and auowehing, that for his ſiſters fake Queene Elizabeth of England, he would be a gra⸗ 
cious Lob to her Marchants, in as ample manner as euer his father had ben:and being diſmiſſed, 
he had the ſame day ſent him 70. diſhes of ſundꝛy kinds of meats with 3. carts laden with all forts 
okdzinkes very bountifully. After him, was the fozeſaid ſubiect of the Spanich king admitted 
with his pꝛelent, whom the Emperoꝛ willed to be no lelle faythfull and ſeruiceable vnto him, then 
theMueene of Englands fubiccts were and had ben, and then the hing ol Spaines ſubiects ſhould 
reteiue fauoꝛ accdʒdingly. „ le 
Al theſe things thus in oꝛder perfoꝛmed pꝛaiſes were ſung in all the churches, The Emperoꝛ. 
€ Empꝛeſſe herp deuoutly reſozted one foote, to many principal Churches in the Citie, and vpon 
Trinitie Sunday betooke them felucs to a pꝛogrelſe, in onder of pꝛoteſſion, to a famous monaſte 
rie called Sergius, and the Trinitie, 60. myles diſtant krom the Citie of Moſco, actompanien 
with a — sec noble men, gentlemen andothers,maunted vpon goodly hozſe, with furni⸗ 
ture atcoꝛdingly. Mair. de: et 
Che Emppꝛeſſe of deuotion tooke this tourney on foote all the way, accompanied * ber 
4 822 un. 


the 
bertie, and the 
follow, and 
tothe Subier 
Miched dythe 
Theſethin 
vpon Ruſſia, 
talled the Cri 
owne country 
hoꝛſed, althou 
and valiant: 
nourable, the 
perour. interta 
Mot long a 
n 
s, and peopl 
Ketter tp 
A 1 1 
the Turke, ken 
bee 
Dane, xt. 
It kell out 
lent Queene 
1 pons chat on 
umme of wh 
amttie and in 
her lutiects;! 
bauing recel 
departevfron 
uogorode, te 
he was beter, 
ende:) From 
Prutfia,toM 
to Breame i 
Uing beliuer 
with againe 
your, aud p 
the kaudur at 
was he carn 


1 N. 


‘iN 


172 
72 . Ferom Horſey. ofthe kngliſſt nation. {es 
iat and . — Uneember : her Garde, ud gunmnerg were in nünder — 41 
ed accoꝝ cet vary vt 5 tt the Moov Map reed 488 
ono ee 94 25 47, 
de: which 5 rute Land Enchzeſſe returntd us Mofco ilpoptiy bl Ik 
levued by e Emp oe tea Fedoie orewich; ea poder tuto the lande er JAS 
were bes eria ‘tobete t 4 0 g 
he other: nd 4 
phe laſted ae 
7 a 4 — 
ris Fedo- age N 
ge of his 3 9 10 ° mane 155 e qt 
Empire Kumboöme dee et I ted 
cee 8 e peat? 10 5 | NN 
to inhe⸗ w bled in che art werntie boise of 977 
nptowus N nt dc'et si 10 ott 8 9 55 4 
35» thous vb ttafks, customs, 2 e 45 
— pron ite, eee nat tae is ome A it 95 
eld 100. b, withont futictent! free the e Capitll; deferülf g d. | ee 
rakes and itobte mien ol great Hautes, mee e and dds 
le ropall —— cheote mip iene noto a ibercc an einen abet lands: sot en 974 
p tan be trite, andeheir treſpalſes forrinen.GeTurmie,aieeat alterättont vntuerkally in ebe ernment 5 A 
20. thou · eee eee wirhmnttroubleto the ppainee;oy sf BS 
coloured tothe Soubiect: and ebis bende sree are gore gone aal was Di te * 4 
m accom: e nene Empzelle. N 8 
he Citie Eheierhmngs being reported we carpebtg ek ee hing, © Phin hn war open |e 
er to bee vpon Rute der grew fofeareuttan terete to eit, char the Monarch of al the Scychibis 44 
nificence called che Crimme Tartar Q}. great Ch an himſelke, named Sophet Keri Ault, came out i otis Sovhet Neri 8 A 
ec) owne country tothe Emmperovir o Ruſßta, deportipanye d wich a great number of his noBilitie well ap ve 
nace horfed.alehousr) co them that were Chyéttian: mene pet they wers peel ame arial a we 
a a and baléanc:theit comming was gratefull téthe Cmperour, aird-eheir teerdapnetment tons Yor Beit. | Bes 
nourable, the Tartar prince bautng bought with bim bis wines alfo,retg need the Ru Cite 12 
afq; the perour, intertainemeut and e tia Lenden u 3 ji 
all ſeate, Mot long after, 12 e, Pell gen Wilinnt Souldierg, and proper m game to Moſco 7 
aue him esgic ce eden en in icke ſond nac Chirkaf- Ve 
led fo, and people of other nations came aud offeter leruite, And, alpane asthe ree ot this neue 8 
Horſey a 2c Empetour was fred ouer other dängdomes of Eutipe; chere were him lundyy 
wing, he Abathadotrrste ath hime io, and moſperitie in his küngpotn hier came Ambafladours front 
olfted to te Turke framtbe Perfian,the Bogharian, che Crimme, the Georgian, | and manp oehet Tartar 
n courte int eg. Therec me alſo Ambaſſaddurs from the Emperourof Almain€ the Pele, He Svecthien, 
nce Bo- e Dene ee, And fince his copotration no enenie of hts batt! mewailen in his zttempts. 1 
. “getell aucnot lng tet. hthe Empetbur was deliroue eo lend a meſlugze to the ing ere 2. rout Obra⸗ 
Ke, Pa. Went Mheeneot rig nene e ant nene no sevn fret Oana Woah, fore tn e 
mene ( poüng chatane ofthe Dueenes octane men aud fubiecrs wong be rhe more. accepeable to ber. Che nes 
toy, and bunmeokwhichmellge wis ache del ane that league e 4 2225 5 
<9 en anne and intercourfeofteaffigue which mae ber meric je father and che Tlabenegehz . 
bea gra⸗ ber fu jects, with other priate affavies be DEB, beh dehy ht 10 1 FE 20. Yorteys 
ifnifteb, hauing rerelurvthe letters ann requetts ofche Emperor pitinder 1 0 ke r ane ath 
Lat Abed i departev from Mosko thes Dap ot epeenbensieney ts Orden Tetshook to great No. en gland 
minen N 9 rode, tu Vobskye, and thenteto Nyhouſe in Liuonia,to Wenden, and ſo to Riga: ** 
vp be aaa beer honge foe tity betes oe g eee aa 
e ou ice to Myto ta Golden, and Liboum Ciand;to Meme ; 
ge oki aie to Damelke te Stetinie' in Pomerland, taRoftok,to Libek,to aue 
mperos, to Bregiia; to Emden, and by (ea to Lonbori, oie armed at her Pateſttes wopall tate 
mann ing belineredche Eitmerours letters, wich god Coc e e 
wonalte ene x Pa Ri Anchen ada ted tha 5 
png he rour, aud Bunte Boris Fedorowich, 1 70 0 em rari 
arg etn ei, LD Uae yo nnn ent esa compan tel 
with bee mas he tarnen alfa did bp the Sperchant 10 


ke. 32 
Bin. u. ul de 


pean etn 
„ nest to their tha actount 
. eee 


res before would nted e 
Belg sot ey ee Be ri 
fpoyfee fos hh an 


pporodski bp, ie 
nig be wag, 


Se Gomes ee a, ih baue vpon Roſe teat : 
And that which was the ful. and complet conctulion of the fauour of the Emperor and Boris 

1 0 toward 9p, Hoꝛſey there were the vel day füllung ate further pꝛouiſion won 

cel b See ee the chinge 

if ore, . 7 


N 
commadities, 


aut 
ae meade. 
40, gallons of Aquauite 


‘ ; 25 flecches of arm, o, rallons of beate. Aap 
% J. Se. buſhels of meale, gepong bears. if 
600. loaues 4 ban. „bawhs. 
20004 ; of opnions,anb wüten r will l. 
rot e ) Ho hf, 
de baark. ud A bau 
ae on bpoug be him Aale 4 ie of the Emperours, and another of e 
prince Boris Fedoro wich and mere rereiued in oder bp John Freſe 1 to 9. Tolepe, tos ont anp duety 
gether with an honoable prefent,andretnard from the Buince Boris Cent him by Francis Cherry Aunebe: 
an Englüültpnan: which meſeut was a whole verp rich peece of cloch of gold, aun a layre papreot dur merchant 
Sables, This Gentleman hathoblerued many other rare things concerning thole pacts,twbich hat is co la 
hereafter (God willing at move commentent time, and lealure ſhall came to ligt. fhal dell aud he 
Pheodor Iuanovvich the newve Emperours gratious Letter of pri- mafke and ve 
d ulledge tothe Englifh Marchants Word for vrorq:obiayned by M. lerom Horſey. 1586. r l fa 
„ bougpb che wil of the almightie and without beginning God, wbich was before this : A chep th 
won tohome we gloritic in We onlp God che father the ſonne, andthe hos chanea hatte 
e shott, maker of all chinges,toopher of all in all euer where, fulltter of all things, Shall ehep chen 
mm bp which Wan wn be both loueth, and giueth life to man, That our only God, pianesann tb 
which inſpydeth euerp one of vs his only Chitoyen with his woozde, to difcerne God though our ologda,aa 3 
Lend Telus Che, and che holy quickuing ſpirit of life now in thele perilotis times Eltabliſh vs mg, dur noble 
to keepe the right Septer, and luffer vs of our ſelues to raigne to the good pꝛollteof the land, and ag iet 
to the lubduing o the people cogerher with the enemies, and to the maintenance of vertue. bire carrier 
. Beueooen the of Spring ol lohn, the great Loyd, Emperour, King and great Prince of all Volken 
Ruſſia, of Volademeria, Moſcouia, aud Nouogorode, king of Kaſan, king of Aftracan, cd Fl Ac As 
ple pa great prince of Smolenſkay, of Twer, Yougo oria, Perme, Vatkay, of Bolghaire and Gen 
others, Loꝛd aun great ace e the la mer Nouogorod, Chernegay, Rezan, Pol- modious foro 
lotfkay,Roftow, Nero aue, the toh ke, Leiflandt, Ow dor, Condence, and Rulet of all Sebe- ties, our Not 


bars allthe Mozthlide, and Lond ee Countries. 
Ahbaue gvacifiedthe marchants of England, a wit, S Rowland Daitoard, ¢ sig 


Hopley Richard Maltonwall, 
elaine of tina yh alt 
the ctie gl Moſco and to all she 
Nn Ipaitward,~ hi locietie eles : 
ue arnt e daddeln re 
Lesko, ad ite of our kingdome, to bye, and Cell, with chett 
Ther se ee ie ue alta becauife tha 
eat lofle ¢ hinderauce by che venture of the 
tome in 
rath 


their 
g by auy place hn water, 
o cattle. 
i bp.the 
be wag, te 
ante in ſhal not bung 18 chem into our dominious 
„ with, ö ens pa 5 but their owne, neither fel 
b. and 
oftheir 


) Boris 
A vpon 


neither foz p fing by, no fo N 
nodiktes, Nettyer te a palling by. no to) paſſage quer an 
eof chem anp ober d nume they haue. 10 tie 
laces aceebto buy 


oto 
N „det apd 
gen out all the demi 


oe 


ties, our Moblemen and captaines, anden t 
ties alii without cutome atcu ding to cheſe our lerters, as 


= 


1 Wa 
— — — ae — — or 
N. &. N 4 1 *. 1 2 xe V 2 . N , On AN. en, 


2 3 diſconeries AA. erom For fey: 
2 — 
. — 5 will 5 righ ik sc a aue ee . 


wal iidrew' loue, inthe 


And tehe Engi 8 ae a har mip miſt ener by the fea, dim tbat 


. A af i pete we ae 


1 10 ea t 
con pate . 115 0 I Alle 


ie 6 et b A* 
Allo wee haue gratitien all the mee , vne 

e erga teh sh caer ot 15 
"aes ee pt. indie cpa be 
0 ants thal cit houſetz eh wit at Veroſlaue, Voll. u 
fete e atthe hauen of the pet and thepthall e in rho bot ee, 1255 


miele bath bene to them heretoloze: und we haue commaunded, that ther 


ee: 


in no peerely rent th no maner of cuſtome taxe, rent , 
pnt beara 5555 i ty or e bee 1 
e tee of thett üwne tou „ kept. 

10 175 we A 
wile cepe chep be there a ie OHO, e not 
aoe 5 si acs 
thael a And po as ch 1 5 
ieee alt e be ee otal hatte 
pai ee 15 me 


tit, at Yeroflaud, Vologd 1 Ching 1 9 e e 
emeguett (nt, whit 15 
ab rh 5 i 1 i kee f 7 55 
0 4 — rand thore rhatkeey ebener not f 1 fr at 
ne with Ruſſe U c eweitt 
87 e me i 
tio uf elan, ea 


ei pacers vie tne N ne oct their ou 
dür art hs ws bt e 8 e ces = i 
reer se ome their sp it eae Ba ome 
113 A e alidthez 1 of ape ge ma ie 
eae Ambeſtddd nines bre oltnaped ele chi i 15 aad aie 


e boch parties and ti feeke ditt the krueth ol att 

and wobatte 15 fottit 

i ee ae 18 W been ett 

in what place of all our kiitg bore, in wohnt cite ( euer, the ti 

that uppen amp matter of contröverſie eit nh + ta ed ni 
wiſe that they haue otratton to fet v 1 50 any thane bp Latue, 0 th it an vpon them, concers 
ning thee materi in all our an und cities, chen our 8, Kb 
out officers (hall giue them Juſtice, and Tat ner dur ce dee perne che ingt 
the tturheand vu dt cannoe be truly ſonght by tate, Halbe ſoug ht our by oche and ph ole lot fo 
euer is taken ont, bim 40 haue right accbinglp as U and che e or Julkires wall 
Wed er ese e pene e eee eee mae 
. u in v Palla n ghe tittie of Moſco, in the 

anette ohn it om ee ee ic 


iets words sin y FINIS. e eds 0 5 
‘ gh basis Tre ae spe 94601 ve 


wr modsias gay. 


_ ATable 


Richards . t. 
to celebrate wit} 


ton, 
Abilfada Ifinael hii 
Achon acitie of I 
Sarracens to the 
of hrance. f eth 
the kings. 1 1, 
Conftantinop! 
Ax jan Gilbert of 
3 to diſco 


* a hath talne 
Acthiopia deſcribe 
Aetua the burnin 
Altica deteribed b 
Altica, andthe pq 
lar rely, 
. afithe 


1 of the 
Alcharon was 

Aleppo in Syria, 
& merchandif 
commodities. 2 
from Aleppo i 
dia.a18.the def 
5 commoditic 


Rea inA 
223, the monu 
216. the roade ¢ 
cerning the tra 

Algier in the Leua 
189. the kings p 

ton, Englifhma: 
trac le of Algier, 

Amazonia Illand. 
matonian wotr 
the men. 64. the 

Amerien from Fl 
difcoucred by th 

Andrew Shalean | 
of Ruflia. 495. 
Ierom Bowes, 
fre is vpon hin 
are che cauſe th 

Andrew Whitem 
yr oll 5, hist 

Anthony lenkinſe 


Great Turke. 8 
the fleete for R 
uer the firft Ru 
A at 
6. he pat 

Hook Lh Bak 
an. fea. 350, 35 
prince of Many 
with Azim Car 
Meth in a Ca 

ie diuers acci 
352.363. Aff 


thecuiſh troops 


at Boghar 35 
of the king oh 1 
baffadours com 
into Ruffia, 35° 
fea. 7 54. He pr 
tothe H 0 
neth teaue of th 
fia through his 
and many iewe 
committed to I 
Cafpian fea the 
atthe Cour of 


be, an 
mother. 
toncer⸗ 
8, and 
ing tut 
Ebbe fos 
es ſball 
5. This 


A Table Alphabetical, containin 


of the principall names and matters 
precedent Wworke : the numbers fhewing 


A 


RBbie of 8. Nicholas 8 N 

* ina 400. the number of 20. 

Stans the faid Abbie. 300, 

WP Abbots and riers of Hingland fel 

their Chalices co redecme Kk. 

Richards 3. they obtaine licence of the Pope 
to celebrate with chalices of tinne and laut 


ton, ' 
Abilfada Ifinael his ne. 10 
Achon acitie of lury. 1 . it is turrendred by the 
Sarracens to the two ap ot Hingland and 
of hrance. il. the (poile of it dewided betwixt 
the kings. 11, the way by land and (ea from 
Conſtantinople toit. a8 
Ax jan Gilbert of Sandtitze in Deuon. 774. his 
patent to diſcuuer the northwell pallage. 774 
Acgypt hath taine very ſeldome. 33 
Ach ja deferibed, 9 47 
2 burning mountaine in Sicilia, 26 
Africa detcribed briefly. : 4.85 
Africa, andthe people thereof deſeribed more 
largely, 9495.96 
Albocore , afithe thatis enemie to the fying 
lilhe. 164 
Alcharon of the Turkes, 44 the time when that 
Alcharon was publifhed, 4 
Aleppo in Syria, 208, the proper commodities 
& merchandi(es of it.208, che pricesot thole 
commodities. 208, the charges of a journey 
fiom Aleppo in Syria, to Goa inthe Haft In- 
dia. 21 take defeription of Aleppo. 234.232, 
the commodities of the Countrey about A+ 


leppo. 12 
Alexandria in Aegypt. 223. the deſcription of it. 
223, the monuments to be feene there, 15 5. 
226,the roade of it deſetibed. 151, notes cõ- 
cerning the trade of it, 196 
Algier in the Leuant, vpon the coaft of Africa, 
189. che kings paſpott given to Th, Shingles 
ton, Engli(hman, 189, notes concerning the 
tradeot Algier. 198 
Amazonia Iilend, 64. the manner how the A. 
mazonian women got the gouernment from 
themen. 6g. theit manners and education. 64 
America from Florida northward , firlt of all 
difcoucred by the Bnglith, 680 
Andrew Shalcan Chancelor to the Rmperour 
of Ruſlia. 495. his abuſes offred there to 8. 
Icrom Bowes, 495. the Empcrours di(pleas 
ſure is vpon him for thofe abules 495. they 
are che cauſe that he lofeth hisoffice, 497 
Andrew Whiteman Abbot of the Abbey of 
Ramzey.s his trauell to leruſalem. 3 
Anthony — prefent at Aleppo when the 
Great Turke pafled with his armic into Per- 
fia 84. his (ate conduct granted him by the 
Grear'Turke,8 3. he is appointed Captaine of 
the fleete for Ruſlia. 33 2. he tranfporceth o- 
uer the firft Ruſlian Ambaſladot. 333. his en · 
tertdinment at the Emperours Court in Per- 
fia. 346. he paſleth from Mofco in Ruſſia to 
Bogharin Bactria. 347, he paffeth the Cafpi- 
an fea. 350, 351. His conference with the 
prince of Mangoflaue, 3.53, His conference 
with Azim Cam prince of Sellirute. 35 f. hee 
aſleth ina Carauan towardes Boglur. 352. 
lmhe divers accidents in that iourney of his. 
352.363. A fight betwixt his Carauan, and 
theeuith troops of Tartars, 35 4, ee arriueth 
at Boghar 3 55 .He is honourably intertained 
of che king ob Boghar. 35 6. Sixe ſeueral Em- 
baffadours committed to his charge to n 
into Ruffia, 357. His dangersin the Caſpian 
fea.35 4. He prefenteth his 6. Ambafladours 
tothe Hmperour of Ruffia, 358, Hee obtai- 
neth leaue of the Empcrour to pafleintoPer- 
fia through his dominions.366. Great riches, 
and many iewels of che Englifh Marchants, 
committed to his charge.36 3. He paſſeth the 
Cafpian fea the third cime, 366, Ee aniue h 
atthe Court of the Sophie. 369. His coming 


ticularitie is to be found. 
to the Sophies ptefence, 450. ‘The maner of 
his intettainement. 370, He delinereth to the 
Sophie che Queenes Maielties letters, 170, 
Hits coſetence & talke with the Sophie, 470: 
371. Hee paffech the Cafpian fea the fourth 
time. 7. His memoric and good name te- 
maineth to this day in Petſia. 15 f. He obtai- 
nethnewe priuiledges for the 1 wglith mar. 
chants of the imperourof Ruſſia 197. His 
{peache and conterence with the fimperour. 
428. His tequeſts preferred for the inglitly 
matchants.4 39.L is requelts anfiwered by the 


Limperour, 43 . A briefe tehea fall of all his 
trauailes, 436 


Anthonic Anus Pinteado a Portii al. one 
of the Captaines of the fult ! lun voyage 
to Guinea.8 f. lus troubles in that vg. 
his death, ay 
Antiochian patriarche. 2. his authority againtt 
the authotitie of the büllap of Home. a7.the 
deleription of the Citie of Antioche, 127 
uy ualcopoca part ol the countrey of Virginia 
o called by the Sauapes, 107 
Arabians liuing like vagiants.y4. Their life and 
maners. 4 
Ardowill a Citie of Perfia. 369. The ſcpulchres 
of the Rimperors of Perfia are there, 419 
Ariftotle the Philofopher honoredwith an yere- 
ly fealt of the Thvacans, a 
Armenia maior.46, The delciption thereof.6 3, 
64 
Ana a caftle in Guinea pertayning to the king 
of Porringal, go 
Arrowes poyfoned vied by the Neproes. 145 
Arthour king of Britaine, and his conquefls of 
the North Regions, 243, The kings of Got- 
land, Orkney Norway and Denmarke yeelde 
themfelues to his obedience, 243,244. The 
right, and appendances of the crowneof Bri- 
caine in his time. 244.24 5. Ilie large exten · 
ſion of his dominions, 344 
Arthour Edwards, ſeruant to the companie of 
Mofcouiemarchants in London, 3 56, His ſe- 
ueral letters written to the companie out of 
Ruſſia, and a 396.177. 90.384. He ob · 
taineth priuiledges of the Shawgh of Perfia 
forthe Englith marchanes, 381. A coppie of 
his obtained priuiledges, 384, His conrenee 
and {peach with the Sophic.g16,Hee dictli at 
Aftracan. 447 
Arthour Perte his commiffion to diſcouer the 
Northeaft paſſatze. 45 3. Hisinftrudtions for 
that dilpouerie. 456,458,459 
Art ina Reca § riuer in Lapland where 11 Hugh 
Willoughby, and his cumpauie periſſiod. 3 35 
Afcopo akinde of tree in Virginia like vnto 
Lawrel, 758 
Aflracan atowne in Ruffia neere to the Caſſi- 
anfea.349, The deſcription of Altcacan. 349. 
The tone ſtandeth in an Illande of twelue 
leagues long.] 30. the commoditics and mar- 
chandizes there to he bought.3 50. 74000. 
‘Turkes and Tartars beſiege it. 419 
Athelard a monke of the Abbie of Bathe. 5. lis 
trauailes into Epypt,and Arabia, 5 
Auguſtaa Citic in Germanie. 199. The deſctip- 
tion therof. 179. The commodities and plea- 
ſures of Auguſta. 179 


Abylon the name of two diuers cities, 0 
B Babylon in Aegypt deſcribed. 30 
Babylon in Caldaa. 209. the prices of commo- 

dities & merchandizes there. a0. the weights, 
meaſures, cuſtomes, and coines of that Haby- 
lon. 213, 214. The ryines of Olde Babylon. 
232. The deſcnption of New abylon. 232, 
233. The way from Cyprus or leruſalem to 
Babylon in Aegypt. 29 
Rachow a port of the Cafpian fea. 444. The 
captaine of Bachowés friendly intertainment 
ol the Englifh, 444 


he ien AIG, Bs 


gacompendious extract, 


compriſed in the whole 
the pages where each par- 


eee, 
Bapuare a tteonig callle in delle * i 
ichard the hit. e 


Hal lune archbithop of Cantuttunry.g his 0 
Well wich king Kichord the finft inte Paletti. 
Has 1, his death and burtall at Tyre, 14 

ahne of ludla. 73. the defeription and vertues 
Of balme. 34, the counterfeitings of uu 
valine, fu, the mane how to ditt etne tue 
balme from that whieh „ Counterfeir, t 

Ballara cite. 313. The defeription of Hallara, 


233, The weights, mealines, comes and cu. 
{tomes of Kaltara, 217714 
N 


Bartholomrus Columbus m. une in Lo 
don, 508. He is lene hy his 2 teil 
pher Columbus to offer the difcouerie of the 
Welt Indies to the King of England.go¥, He 
Prefenteth king Heniy the feuenth with his 
Mappe, Fag. His offer tor the difcouery is ac. 
cepted of king Henry, 508 

Bateman a certaine weight fo called, vied in 
Pertia. 378, The valueof that weight, 478 

Bayeaatownein ealill 798. It affaulted by 
the hnplith.g28, The! Nglith pertorce of all 
the force of the catlle and city take foure 
(hips out of the hatbor, 799 

hebeck a ducke in the language of Lag. Big 

Benyna city vpon the coalt ofadiike 86. Un- 
i ih men aniveat Benyn 86, ‘the king of 
5 75 humanity towards the By: ith, 87, 

Ne frat reverence that the people yeeldi@ 
the ing of Menyn, 96. The kine of Ba n 
skilfull in the Portingall tongue. 87, the 
kings care and diligence to furnith the nes 
Lith with le 87, ‘The diforder and dea 

Baerga etn ee her chen. 

fengaria the king ¢ rs daughter efpou. 

pat to king 0 7 11 1 wey. 
sina tempelt. 9. Her (hippe not fufter 

py the chutli king of Colombe 

rt.40,King Richard many eth her in the l 

10 pnd of Cyptus, 10 
ethlem the towne of Iuty, * 
ments of Bethlem. ‘ele 8 

Bifcaya noua in Noua Hifpania, 589 

Blafphemie punithed b Gods judgement vj vn 
a Venetian in Thipols, 196 

Bophar acity of Bactria. 355, The deſcriptios 
thereof, 11 The governement, flate, and 
wealth of theBogharians, 35 f. The king of 
Boghate a ty rant, 256, The commodities and 
merchandizes of Bophar. 356, Boghar beſie- 
Red by the king of Samercand, 3 $7. The lati- 
tude of the city of Boghare, 359 

Bona Speranſa the capeof Afftica, 161, Otdi- 


mati fignes about that cape. 161. Strange 


lowles in great number about tliat cape. 161 
‘The foules of the cape dinerfly termed by the 
Portingalles. 161 

Rores deuoured by foxes, 419 
Bolerman tlie name af a Renegado in Pei ſia. 
} $7. The maner bow Chriftians become Bo. 

emen in Perfia, and deny theyr faith, 418, 
Bolawtobe hal aggintta Boſetinan in Per- 
fa, 


. 18 

Bracmania an Ifland.7 3. ‘The maners of then 
habitants of that Ifland, 3 
Bra(ill coaſt cxa@ly deſcꝛibed. 803, A king of 
Brafill brought ig London, and prefented to 
king Henry theeight, $29 
Burboroataatowngin the Welt Indits. 31 


C 


Acao a fruite in Nova Hifpania currant in 
ſtead of coyne, 110 347 

Caliphe the name of a prince in the Ba partes, 
pace fignification of the word.30. 3. Di- 
uers Caliphes ſometime in che Eaft parts. 30 
Cambalu, a 8 Seine defcribed, $$ 
Camelions how 72 
Camels of great vſe for trauels and burdens in 
the Balt. 3 3. Camels indure long abſlinenes 
from water. j 3. The hard fare and ratz 


— 
kb 


N 


— 


nuall ſeruice of Camels, nel! 
Can the great Emperour of che Eaſt. 3 4 5 
Si The ¢.folemae 
kept in his court euery yeere, 35, The 
number of his horſemen eee Phyfitions 
and officers. 37. ‘The great armies atending 
him in che time of his progreſſe. 35. 
rh e 
conse ſtile and royall title of the 
Can. 61. The ſolemnities and cer 
fed at the buriall of the great Can. 63. the 
ear le ee ence Cnt e 
largeneſſe of | empire, 4 
be wel fodlavery — 126 
Canoaes of Afftica 
. ¢ Citie of China, 814, tthe oe 


Canton, 914. The number of — c 


and snd fall Chien, Townes and Caftles 
ging toi 60 The number of ington 
obese hecke ‘The ſitustion hae 
of. . The number of Cities, Townes and 
Cali ‘abelongin to k. 5 14. ‘The breadth ol 
it. 824, The tributarie houſes and men of 
Verte in it. oe 
Cape de Monte in Guinie, 
Cape —— Menſurado, de las Barbas, de 2 
ke“ Trepointes vpon the coaft of fe 


89.9 
cane ofl 12 he eg bee fwerne. 
266, The forme ead 2 — of a Captaines 
othe. 266 
Carauans in the Raft parts, their orders, maners, 
and gouernment in trauell. ot 
Carbuncle ſtone. 5 A catbuncle ſtone of a 


Carhageln Atte, and the ruines thereof.2 1 
N a Citie of Perfia with che delcription 


Caspian a with he eng, bse, and cher 
qrcumftaunces thereof, 358. It is a thallow 
feain n 377. le is fror en in ſome 

. 


cal outlawes of Nia, 42. Hoy A ata 
Englith merchants in the Caspian ſea. 431. 
N e by the Ro 
421. they ta e eee 
tom the Bi but add and diuers 
of Keel 2 forme ae 
recouered. 

Cathan a citie of Perſia. 426. The good onters 
and nment in chat citie, 420 
i with che defcription thereof. 4.the tri- 
bute of the Cathaians.s 4. Silke, filkeworkes 
and (pices, the com ities of Cathay. 5 4. 
The twelue prouinges of Cathay, 61. The 
number of eities in Cathay.61. The appa 


Tue TABLE. 


IN The length and breadth of 
arie houfes and men of 
SLR re Pop ook 


— 2 and prouinee in Virginia. 


8 
Chriftians called Geor * 
e tacens. 39. the diver 
sR noth compe 
urrough ſeruant to 
sence of the Tyger 
e ne of ¢ 
ing for Ruſſia. N 
Mau —— 22 1 
to 2 ot} 
America. 


hriftopher Columbus, his offer to kin 1 
the 9. fore dfeouere ofthe wer ia. 


ies, His offer ed of king Hen: 
the whe, 705 The ſame and bes 5 
thereof confirmed by Ferdinando 


ane 155 
Church of Greece agreeth not in opinion with 
the church of Rome, — The reafon why the 
churches of Greece reſuſe obedience to the 
bilhop of Rome. 27 
Citcumèiſion vſed among ibe Perfians, 424 
Clement Adams, the writer of Richard Chane 
celers firlt v. to Ruffiain Latin, 269 
Cloth made of the barke of trees. 101 
Cochin, a citie in the Balt India. 217. The 
a meaſures, and mony currant in co 
? 
Cochin · China. 815. the latitude of the 1105 


ther 
2 Colaa river in Ruſſia. 314. the latitude of i 12 
Cold may bene beindured then e. 97 


Colmogro,a citie of Ruſſia. 289. The wanes 
dities thereof. 2859. ‘the defcription thereof, 


400. the inhabitaunts thereof very feruicea- 
ble to the Englith, 400 
Colmak, eh baba 351 
Comania,a 63 


ed. 
8 Conſtantius king of 
Britaine. 2. His sch aynſt the French, 
Almanes & Spaniards. 2. Eis continuall good 
ſucceſſe in warre, 3. Hep Chriftian re- 
Afia, and the 


in Greece, E 
. Ronan mane Bepire J. Kis great aſfecti- 


onto leatning and pool F 
He died at Conſtantinop 3 
Conftantinople Citie Aelcddel 27. The way 
from En to Conftantinople, over land 


F ‘One 


ftantinop! 
gell oa bens ww 


of che Cathayans.6r.thé maner of their hou- of Guinie. 
ſes. 62. Their difciplinein warraés, Their li. Corne growing and increafing ewife a . in 
tle eyes generally. sa. Seuerall wayes and paſ· Nou Hifpania, 
fages ouer overland from Rusia W Comal groning athe Sea wt the Cape of Bona 
388.389 _ Sperarrzain maner of ſtalkes. 
Cattell fed with fith at Wardhonfe in Norway. 8 Coldrusa Chriftian Emperour. 
l 34 15 1 abundance ol Cattell inthe 1 Coal etek e, of Spayne and Portingall, pr 
tiall ine 


Domingo. 3 
cay tie in defGtibed, 0.33 mh 
28 Ere nd her momo 30.333 w bee 


ae 
Caran a citie, Sa hole king sfubied to the in 


8 deferibed, eit the maner how it be 
Cozomomet,a noble man of Perſia, friend 8 


Engli ints. . 378.383 
of Ruſſia. 347.348 Crimmes, a people ſo called, borderia 5 5 
CO ee wonne to thè Portin- _Perfia,and enemies to the Ruſſes. . 
by the ayde of eof Bright merch, 79 Crocodile defcribed, 5 2. A Crocodile killed iby 
1185 was the cecafion of al all _ the Englifhin Guinie; 
. eee 79 Cuauſa a prouince of China 814. The 15 
Chang Memet a Perfian mierchants relation of of great and {mall cities, townes and caftles 
the way from Tawtis in Petfia'to ba in it. „„ of 
in Cathay. 
Champa, a citieof China. 815. — c Handi she Wee bet. The 
Champa, ftore of cattell in the fame Iſland. $34 
Champions try and end matter of controuerfe Currants running to the North and Northea 
in Ruffia, 290 at Sierra Leona im Ouinie. i 20. a currant fet- 
Charles Iackmans commiſſion to difcouer to- abe ys Eaft at the nuer of Seftos in 


Chee et eat bey in Viginia fo 

‘ e the commodious 

and good figuation thereof. 738 

: Se te 
3 


houfes,and 
6 e 


88 470 
Curctiew a prouince of China,824. The num- 
ber of great and {mall cities,townes, and vil- 
in it. 574. The breadth of it. 8145 The 

T Raacke dit 


10. The 
sale da beg 


D 


Derag gg; 
iata a 
Danes enemies 28 Brel * fer 


— goods, oes 


Donkey and pirats N the Bagh 
426, Fiue oft 36. The An. 
ith fend 82 2 0 umperour of 
uſſia. N 16 
Dauid Ingram one of M. Iohn Hawkins com. 
pany fet on land in the bay of Mexico, $57, 

is trauell from thence ouer land towards 


modities of the coun . meanes 
ol his commin ene gland 61 

Derbent a city of Hyrcania. 367, 
on therof, 3 67, The Bnglidh mens good inter- 
tainement at Detbent. 446. The city es 
bent built by Alexander the great. f 8. * 
r of Derbent. 448 
Diago Neg Renerall name of a captaine among 

108 

Diainond fiones, and theyr vertues, 47, The 
places where diamonds grow.47. The couns 
terfeiting of diamonds, 47. The way for 5 
of trie diamond. 

Difcention the ouerthrow of all good and wr 
thy attempts. 

DoQour 8Standih dogtonr of) oe 1 
with the Emperout of R 339 


L 57 
goieue Ifland in the Northeaſt fea, 317 
Dofniks a kinde of boate vſed in Ruſſia. 335 
Drinks véed in Ruſſia. 347 
Dunſtans Iſland. 115 
Dina a famous riner in Moſcouie. 335,390 


E“ of ‘Cumberlands voyage, (et out forthe 
South fea.793. „ 
dings of the fame voyage, 

Earth fwimming aboue water like wood. 

Ebaane king of the Negroes in Ouinie. 11 hs 

to the Englith, of land & ground 

to build a Caſtle in. il 8. His humanitie and 

eee E pope oA E to b sad Espace 119. 


e Aenne vacertaine in the a 
Pewee a hill g.leagues high in the wes ie 


bigs king of Britaine. 24 2 His 2 Pade 
245. His nauie conſiſting of 4000 fl 

—.— e belie nati 46 
aan — ee e and title. 24 

nt of London. 1 56. 

ge 4 — the Queenes Maieftie,to 

he be perour of Marocco. ij C. his arriuall at 

the p ret Afafi. 257. his manner of 


Ir re on land with 
taines ah iets, conduct to the 
e 5 e. — 44 both Spanifh 


rouble rea into the citia 
of Marocco;15'7. hee hath a rich dagger be- 
Gbeainch pruiledges or tee Engi He 


obait cs for the in mer - 
chants, 15 1.105 His difpatch 3 from 
Marocco. 1 i? 
Edward the Prince, ſonne to king Edward the 
third. 20. His tion fot the releefe of 


che holie land. 20. Hisarriuall at Tunez with 
ö Embed do the Chriſtian Princes there af- 


niblerelenfe —̃ — 
ſlian forſaken of che ocher Princes, e 


— 


preferued, & 
yet thiysok | 
20. Me continue 
the reft ofthe Ch 


Acra, and there te 
keth the towne 0 
1000 of the Sa 

iles ſro them. 

Noble men o 
Ieruſalem 21. 1. 
tible to the Sarra 
the arme by a tra 
the Prince of lop 
laine to the grour 
his owne knite kil 
tience in ſutfering 
22 · Ne is recouere 
of 15. daies. 23. ll 
and arriueth at R 
lis father,he com 
crowned king, 2 
wards entring int 
then aed ag 

Edward Barton Gen 
liuering of Englifl 

Edward Corton of 

chip fo called, fet. 
for Braſill. 18, . 
and the Captaine, 
the fame thippe, 2. 
themarchant for t 
caft away vpon af 
nea,188, The cor 
M. of the hippe. 
189.189. 


Edward Fenton, Ge; 
age for China, 64 
place by the Lord 
e inſtruct 
the faid Lords of 
ual in the River o 
His fight in the R 
667. Ile ſinketh t 
and taketh ſome 
Rdward Of burne kn 
don.189.His letter 


gier. 
Edward. Wilkinfon 
Royal in the fight 
Elephants teeth of al 
The deleription a 
phant. 93. Debate 
the Dragon. 93. 
two Bliphants hu 
liinmen in Guine 
Elmo the Spanith (ai 
, Englith Artiſicers (en 
Englith artillerie len 
Praſile. 642. The! 
ble at Tripolis b 
man. 193.19 Th 
226, the Englith¢ 
231. The Engliſli 
234. The Englith 
Englith houſe at A 
houfeat 8. Nicolas 
houſe at Shamakie 
lith houſe with la 
400. The Engliſh 
358. The Engi 
Ruffia, 302. The] 
Ruffes on wolke i 
fia. 387. Englifh 
the Caſpian fea, 45 
mit extreme neplis 
Engliſh, defeate 
gals in it. 800. An 
on land in j bay o 
aſſault them. 567. 
568. They are cari¢ 
uernor of the to 
and iewels frõ th 
Mexico 550. thei 
impriſonment at 
on calleth them i 
iudgement of the 
them.574. ehe cru 
of that iudgemen 


359 
in fauour 


pd. 316 
. 11 . his 
A 
lil 119. 


—— — —— — 


ſuips preferued, & ſaued in the ſtotme, wher- 
in 120, thipsof the other Princes perithed, 
20. Hecontinueth his voyage, although all 
the reft ofthe Chriftian Princes reſuſe it, and 
returne home. 31. He arriueth at the Citie of 


Acra, and there teſreſhethhimſelſe. 2 1. He ta- 


keth the towne of Nazareth. 21. He flaicth 
1000 of the Satracens, and taketh riche 
2 frd them. i. He preuaileth more with 
Noble men of Cyprus, then the king of 
Terufalem. 21. He groweth fearefull and ter- 
tible to the Sartaceus. 21. He is wounded in 
the arme by a traiterous meſſenger ſent from 
the Prince of Ioppa. 21. He {triketh the vil · 
laine co the ground wich his ſoote, and with 
his owneknitekilleth him. 22. His great pa. 
tience in ſuffering the dreſſing of his wound, 
22.He is tecouered of his wound in the {pace 
of 15 daies. 23. e returneth from Paleſtina 
and arriueth at Rome. 22. vpon the death of 
hisfather,he commeth into England, aud is 
crowned king, 22, The timeot Prince Ed- 
wards entring into Syria, noted by fir Iohn 
Mandeuill ,with the name of the Soldan that 

then raigned, 155 

Edward Barton Oentleman, emploied in the de. 
liuering of Englith captiues at Tripolis. 197. 

Edward Cotton of Southhampton. 187, His 
thip fo called, fet out vpon a voyage intended 
for Brafill. 189. The couenants betwixt him 
and the Captaine, Lieutenant, and other of 
the fame (hippe,s 87. His ſpecial directions to 
themarchant for that voyage, 188, The ſhip 
caft away vpon a ſand vpon the eoaſt of Gui- 
nen. 188. The confeſſion of William Bends 
M. of the thippe concerning the fhipwracke. 

189.189. 

Edward Fenton, General of the intended voy- 
age for China, 644. He is authoriſed in that 
place by the Lords of the Counſel 644. Hee 
receiucth inſtructions for his voyage from 
the faid Lords of the Counfell.644.His arri- 
ual in the River of 8. Vincent in Brafile.666. 
His fight in the Riuer with 3. Spanith ſhips. 
667. Vis finketh the Spanith Vice Admiral), 
and taketh fome of the men, 667 

Rdward Oſburne knight, & Alderman of Lon- 
don.18 9.His letter written to the king of Al- 
gier, 189.190 

Edward Wilkinſon Captaine of the Marchant 
Royal in the fight at Pantalatea. 229 

Elephants teeth of all quantities in Gu nea. 93. 
The de(eription and properties of the Ele. 
phant. 93. Debate betwene the Elephant and 
the Dragon. 93. Three kinds of Eliphants 93. 
two Bliphants hunted,and aſſaulted by Eng · 
lim men in Guinea, 114 

Elmo the Spanith failers Saint & Aduocat. 582 


, Englith Artiſicers ſent into Moſcouie. 339 


Englith artillerie tent to the towne of Santos in 
Brafile.642. The Engli h brought into troa- 
ble at Tripolis by} lewd dealing of a French · 
man. 193.19 1. che Englith Conſul at Argier. 
226, the EnglithContul at Tripolis in Syria, 
231. The Englilli Confil at Aleppo in Syria, 
234. The Englith houſe at Zante. 224. The 
Englith honſe at Alexandria. 225. thekngliſn 
houfeat S. Nicolas in Ruſſia 400. the Engiith 
houſe at Shamakie in Media,377, The Eng · 
lith houfe with lands at Col mogro in Ruſſia. 
402. The Engliſh flagge in the Cafpian fea. 
358. The Englith marchants priuiledges in 
Ruſſia. 302. The Englith marchants fet 100. 
Ruffes on worke in making of cables in Ruf- 
fia. 387. Enplith marchants aduentures vpon 
the Caſpian fea, 45 0.452. Englith men com. 
mit extreme negligence. 5 27.5 28.817. Fiftie 
Englith, defeate a Gallie, with 400. Portin- 
galsin it. 800. An hundreth Englifhmen fet 
on land in j bay of Mexico. 5 67.c he Indians 
aſſault them. 5 67. The Spaniards take them. 
$68. They are caried to Panuco. 5 69. the go · 
nernor ofthe towne taketh all their money 
and jewels frõ them 569, They arecaried to 
Mexico $70, their hard intertainement, and 
imprifonment at Mexico. 3 i. the Inquifiti- 
on calleth them in queſtion. 572, the cruel 
zudgement of the Spaniſn Inquiſitours vpon 
hem. 37 4. ehe cruell and blnodie execution 
of that iudgement. 37 3. One Engliſh thippe 


Tue TABL k. 


diſcomſu eth 7, Portingal thips neere Vetce- 
ra. 149. Englih (hips are alwayes the ſtron- 
eſt, and Admirals of other nations in New- 
wand lande 896. The difcoueries and plan. 
tings of Engliihmen in Virginia, 938 
e dauage in Virginia, a triende to the 
nglith, 
Eraf beck a Soltan of Perfia, at 
Euphrates a (hallowe river: 233. aiourney of 
Englifhmendowne j river of Euphraces.a3 2. 


PAN of Guyny. 65 4. Prefentsfent 
to him by the Englith. 654, Prefents re- 
ceiued by the Englih from him, 654 
Fight betweene the knplith and the Portingals 
vpon the coalt of Guyny.116.Another fight 


betweene them, 124 0 


Fight betweene the Engliſi and the Negroes, 


1 
Fire forced of two fticks, 
Fithesthat flie, and the deſeription of them, 
161 
Flemming malicious and vnhoneft dealing to- 
wards the Englith in Ruſſia. 288 
Florida deſeribed. 5 39. The ſtate of the currant 
at the. ppint of Florida, 338. The maner of 
kindling of fire in Florida. 539. Pieces of 
golde, filuer, and vnicornes hornes among 
the Ploridlians. 141 
Foxes in great numbers & troops in the coun- 
trey of ohituan. 419,425 
Francis Drake captaine of a thippe called the 
Iudith. 562. The great flirre and ſeate that 
vas in Mexico vpon his being in the South 
fea. $76, Men muſteredd. and thips ſet out to 
go after him. 2⁵ His arriuall at Aquatulco 
in the South fea, 389. He entreth vpon the 
tone oi Nombre de Dios in Noua Hifpania, 
594. He taketh two companies of mules la · 
den with golde and ſiluer. $95. He burneth 
the houſes of eroſſes, and much merchandize 
in it. 595. His artiuall at Virginia. 746, His 
curteſie and fiiendthippe offered M, Ralph. 
Lane, and the Englith colonie in Virginia 


746 
Freebooters pirats ſo called in the Eafterne fea. 


425. Foure of theyr thippes taken by the 
Eng ich 426 
Frenen men very dly fcorne the Engliſh. 


18. The French enuy the Englith for theyr 
valour and good feruice.18, Thty offer villa. 
nous abuſes to the Englifh, 18, The French 
army fooli(hly and vnhappily diuided, to the 
aduantage of the Salladine. 39, The French 
army difcomfited by the Salladine, and al- 
molt allof them flaine, 19. A French braua- 
do, 113. Another French brauado and proud 
bragge. t20, The French admitted by the 
1 75 ich into their eõpany, do moſt cowand- 
ly forfake them in the time of danger. 116 
The French bridled by the Englih. 118 
French goads{eized by the Engliſh in the 
narrow ſeas. 128, The French mens trade at 
cape Verde. 123, A Fiench thippe taken at 
Guiny by the Engliſh. 25. French men ran- 
fomed by the Englith. i 27.The names of the 
French taken and ranfomed, 127. Another 
French ſhippe taken by the Englith. 137 
The goods thereof folde by the Englifh at 
the Groine in Spaine. 137, A French thippe 
ſurpriſed by the Fngliſli in Newfound land. 
518. A French man of warte deceiueth the 
Spanyards at the Canaryes. 58 1. The French 
vſurpe the right of che Englith in America. 
680. Ihe French vnfortunate in their procee- 
dings in America. 681 
Fuego iſland. 748. A continuall burn ing hill in 
the fayd Illand. 148. The commodities of the 


fame Iiland, 148 

Furicanos, certaine ſtormes fo called, rayning 

vpon the coaſt of Florida. 554 
G. 


Abriel a Ruſſe of that name. 3 15. Nis cour- 


teſie to Vi. Stephen Burrough in his North. 
eaſterne Nuuigation. 315 
Ganges a Niuer of the Balt. 74 


' H 
Ue TIS ONG 


— — 


Gambil a kinde of fice in Svria, 
— 4 people of Libya. 10 
Ducket an Agent tor the company of 

1 — in —— on 
ge Fenner his voyage to Guinea.t43, His 

_ Valiane fight wich 7.Portingal thips, > 149 
Georgia a countsey of Armen. 64. the deſcrip- 
tion thereot. 64. The obfeurtie and darkenes 
in fome partes ihereuſ 64. ihe king thereoſ. 


372. 

George Killingworth the firft Englith Agent in 
ee letter written trom Ruſſia 
tothe comnpanie in London.ay9, His beard of 
a matueilous leng: h. r 3 

George Turberuile Secretary to M, Randoife 
Ambaflador intoR uflia.go8, His 

lettersin verfe written out of Ruſſia concer- 

ning the ftate of that countrey.408 490.411 

erardus Mercators aduiſe tor a Northealterne 

diſcauerie. 484.His honourable teſlimonie of 

the Englith nauigations to Mofcouie, 505 

Giants ot mightie (tature that are Canibals, or 
men eaters, — 7 

2 Jie to Queene Mary from the F: put 
of Ruſſia. 3 25. The fame gifts fpoyled 
barbarous Scors, ~ ays ire 

Giftes ſent to the Emperour of Ruſſia from 
Queene Marie. 325 

Giles Fletcher doctor of the ciuil law.goa, His 
Ambaflage from her Maieftie into Ruflia. 
502.$03.His hard intertainement at the firſt. 
502. His honourable diſmiſſion at the laſt 
from the Emperour. q 02.His requefts on the 
behalfe of the Englith marchants granted by 
the Em 02. 303. His booke written 
by himſelſe of the K uffe cõmon wealth: $03 

oe a tonne in Perſia. 37 5, The king of Gil- 
n. . 375 

Ginger with the places where it groweth. 

Goa a citie in j Eaft India. i 22 ale ede. 
tion of the inhabitants of Gna, their habite, 
fruites,and mariers.162. The waights, mea- 
ſures and money currant in Goa. 216 

Godfrey de Bullion, 36. His tombe in eruſa- 


lem. ’ 
36 
Gold fold by the Negroes of Guinea to Englith 
marchants by ounces,and pounds, 1 


111. 
Gold, graines, and Eliphants teeth the commo- 
dities of Guinea, 32 
Gold coynes not vied in Ruſſia. 293 
75 in the Ruſſe tongue, ſigniſieth acattie, 
34 
Grozine a Countrey and towne in Armenia, 
14 423. The Inhabitants thereof are Chri- 
ians. 422 
Ouilielmus Neobrigenfis an Englifhman, wrote 
in latine the voyage of king Richard to leru · 
ſalem. 13 
Guilielmus Peregrinus an Englith poet, that ac- 
companied king Richard into Syria, & wrote 
the kings vovage in Heroical verfe, 15 
Guiny coaſt very vnwholefome, by reafon of 
the raine,lightnings,and thunders, wherunto 
it is fubie&.1 60, The ſirſt voyage of the En- 
glith mae to Guiny,85. The ſecond Englith 
voyage to Guiny. 5. by whome it was fet 
out. . The towns & bone of Guiny defcri- 
bed, 101, The great inconueniences by late 
pata Bd the coaſt of Guiny. 129. The 
commodities and wares moft of the 
Negroes in Guiny. i 30. The calmes & other 
accidents the coaſt of Guiny. 160 
The raine of Guiny turneth meat to wormes, 
160, Ihe fruites of Guiny vnwholefome for 
our people 650. The wilde beafts of Guiny. 
65 1. Acertaine thing fwimrhing in the water 
called a ſhippe of Guiny, 160, The deferip- 
tion therof. 160, The tame is dangerous and 
poyfonous to be touched. 160 


H 


Ammah a citie neere to the mountaines of 
Libanus.2 31. The Turkes curfe the ree- 


difying of Hammah. 230 
Hantaa towne of Guinie, 113 
Hatoralk an Ifland in Vnginia. 748 
Hauana the chiefeft port of all che Weft India. 

590. The defeription of Hauana at ungen. 


K N „ CN ni W. 2 ‘tits: WF, abn NAN. ¥ 


I, 


Tae TABL a. 


Councellers anu officers abuſe 


the finall force that it is of, 
Hebron that ancient citie. 


tude, 334 
Helena the Empreſſe a Britaine by birth. 1. 2. 
« F 1. 2. 


Ierome Horfey Gentleman, her Maieſties 
uant,8 19. his diſcourſe of the folemne coto- 
ur of Ruſſia. 849, His 
commendable contétion with Iohn de Wale 
a Dutch proud merchant. 821, Heis preſer- 
red before lohn de Wale by the Emperour. 
journey land fiom Rutfia to 
England.822. His large and honourable al- 
lowance of victuals from the Emperour.8 23 
e ee we beftowed 
im. 22 
Ieruſalem. 18. The monumentsthat are at this 
0 Wa 
. 192 
ſo called fent to Tripo- 
The effect ind iſſue of 
that vo aa te g the ſhip taken in 
‘The thip and goods commaunded to be a- 


of her Maieſties thips.55 6. 


good meanes. 1. 2. Her trauell to Leruſalem. 
place in Ieruſalem. where the found 
E 


Helena Iſland difcouered , and 
the Portingals. 22 2. The deſeription, ſtate, & 
b er 

Henrie t ing of England, accepteth 
Dae forthe diſcouerie of the 

ed to Ichn Cabot, and his 3. 

FE 

i 3177 
e e ſtõ the Queeneꝛ 
Maieftie, to the king of Maroced in Barba- 


lis oration to the marehanti of 
the Molcouie comparie, in commen 
Richard Chancel 


Tefus of London, a fhip 
lis in Barbarie, 192. 


e 
teks of Lubeck one 
It is betrayed by the Spaniards,and 
porte of S. Iohn de Vilua. 
their number in the citie of Venice, 
179. Their habite, Synagogue, and maner of 


3 
eto New found land in the ti 
our, nnich eſteemedof t 


Hofpitall of S. lohn in Ieruſalem. 
Hubert Walter Bith 1 
one of the cheefeft chat fullowed Ki i 
chardinto Syria. 15, His great care and dili- 
ences resloeme ie 2 of the handes 
Rmperour.s 6.He was created Archbie 
5 of Canterburie. 16. He made an earneſt 
. nay 
prevaved, 
Knight, Captaine G 
i 15 in Nand 
. 280, Sit Hugh Willoughby his land in 72, 
degrees 16% ie atid his companie peri 
theriuer of Arzina teca in Lapland. 270. 
his notes of the voyage found in the thi . 
wherein he perifhed, written by him felfe. . 


of Sarum. 16. He ws 


of Venice. og. His honourable mention of 
the Englith nauigations to Mofcouie, 
nion of the benefite of that nauiga 
were continued to Cathma 504. His 
r nares of Sebaftian Cabots voyage out 


aad his 3. fonnes énrertsined for 
lohn pet bce, Vint eset AM Sea 

e. x 1 
er v0 Chilton his difcoute of the Weft India. 


bert knight, $97. His 


tents receaued of her 0 
mericz. : His ſirſt prepatation for that 
1 


nia. 
Lohn Dauis his firt voyage for the difcoueri 


787. His third voy- 
789. His two letter to M. Sanderfon 


captaine of the barke 
M. Fentons voyage. 547. He proceedeth in 
to the River of Plate. 667. His 
barke caſt away in that river.673. He & his 
encounter with the 

He eth from the Saus 

to the Spaniards.674,Heis 
the Viceroy ot Peru. 674 
Tohn Eldred his voyage to Tripolis in Syria, la- 


Lohn Brigene. 4. His travell to Athens, 4. His 
fauour with two of the French king. 4. Hee 
was Schoolemafter to Alfred the king, and 
his ſonnes. 4. Ariltotles politiks tranflated by 
him into three tongues, 4. He is flaineinthe 

Malmesburie by 


voyage, 683, His fleete confifting of . Giles. 
68 3. The orders obferued in his fleete. 683, 
He taketh poſſeſſion of New found lande in 

Queenes Maielties behalfe.687, He pub - 
fitheth three law es in New found land inthe 

of the ftrangers. 687, His Admirall 
loft. 692. He peri 


” Hamfrie Greenfel ngtiftman burne ix, the In- 
quiſition at Ormuz,by tlie Portingals- 420 


‘Ago m Iſland and tome. 
James Storie an Engliſh Painter. 2 t . e for- 
faketh the company of the Engliſh, and en · 
tereth into che monaſterie at Goa. 
Tana Major e ve ae en e 
deſeripti Taua by Mai 30. A latter · 
wanted , M.Candith.813. The 
habitants tothe Englith, 
912. The commodities of the Iſland. 8 12. 
of Iaua his name, and 5 
elif. 822. The names of diuers kings 


ohn Fox gunner in the ſnip 
halfe moones, 150. his impriſonment in A- 
lexandria, 151. he inuenteth and propoſeth 
menanes todeliuer himfelfe & the reft of the 
Chriftians there prifoners, 152. he killech 


452, His foxeral interrainments 
atthe court. 493.494 455. Ne is 
by che Haperour. The 


‘The popes letter of commendation in his 
behalfe to all printes, 155. The king of 
Spaines letters; peti ring ves him the 
roome of a gunner. 1 5, dine verſts for 
oe witneſſe of the action witten by 

iM. 856 

Tohn Hawkins now knight, and treaſuter of | 2 

eſlies nauy. 52 2. he taketh 300 N. 
pon the coaft of Ouiny. 52 2, be faileth wich 
them to Noua Hifpania,s f. he tratiketh bi 
force and {word in all the potts of Nowa Hi. 
paniathat ſ)e eame to, j 32. he entreth the ri- 
wer De Ia Hacha, arid difcomfitéth the Spa. 
nyards that tefifted bim. 934, he rangecla 
alll ele coaft of Florida. 38.he relieueth the 

9 70 ao in en he Pia 

one in Guiny of 2000 Negroes, 2 

taketh the cowne and bulwarks in . la 

Hacha $4, he taketh three Spaniſ Wande 

laden with paffengers. $4. igen ya 

ftorme to S. John de Vilua. 554. TheSpa- 
nith fleet arrine there ac that time. 55. The 
conditions of peace betweene him andi the 

ith Viceroy.s $5, $64. he is betrayéd by 
the perinred Spanith Viceroy, 35 f. he put- 
teth 200 of his men on land in the bay of 

Mexico. 9 56, 366. his miſery anddiftrefles, 


6 

John Marideuill knight, borne in che towne of 
S. Albans, 23. his life and commendation 
Written by V. Rale. 23. his tombe epitaph, & 
other monuments of his in the city of Lege. 
24, Thetableand contents ofenery chapter 
othis booke, 24, 25, The dedication of his 
booke to king Edward the third. 2 5. his two 
notable verſes of the corruption of his time. 
as.The caufe why heyndertooke his traueli. 
26, The continuance of his trauell for 33 
yeeres. 26, A briefecommemoration of the 
particular countries,and places of his trauell. 
e, of * Mandibron the 
n of Aegypr in his watres. 30, 34. A 

eat thartiage offered him by the bil Sol- 

n, 30. his dcquauutance in the court of the 


76.777.his rea. 
oy Hh God fuffered Paleftina to be 
poſſeſſed by diners nations, 35. 
difpuration and ih whether legen 
ſtandeth in the mids of the earth, yen or no. 
36, 37. his ſpeeen and conference with the 
Soldan. 4, 35. hisdefire for the amendment 
or the ill hives of the Chriſtians. 40. his pray- 
er for the comuerfion of the Saracens to 
true faith of Chrift. 45, his notable perfuafi- 
on to credit the varieryes and dinerfityes of 
the world, 45. his experience in diamond 
ftones,47,his trauek as fare as 3 3degrees o. 
Southerly latitude. N three 
whole yeeres in Cambalu a city of China. 35 
The countryesthrough which he returned 


thapes 

of men. 77, 8, 9. Magiſter Icannes ad Bare 
bam, the name of him chat direéted and hel- 
ped Mandeuill in committing bis trauels to 
writing, 7 
Tohn Mereltus usa . bis teftimo. 
ny concerning the Northealt nauigations of 
Toba Bender hi landi foe 

n s ouer lan 

Eaſt lo 5. be from Aber. to 
M. Richard Hakluyt cf Oxford, 208, hislet. 
ter from Aleppo to M. Leanatd Poore mer. 
chant of London, 208, another letter of hie 
tothe forefaid M. Poore, written from Ba- 
bylon. 209. The i Ca. 
of his company at Ormam. a 10 che of 
hisimprifonment, 310.382. his delivery out 
of the prifon of Ormux. 2 ro. he ij fent po- 
ner to Goa by the eaptaine oſ Ormuz, 211 
Two Tefuits of the callege of $.Pautin Goa, 


his ceafts.20. his prc 


Iuſt vin 
nian 
nople, 


favour of the Englif 


ungen oF Vi inia 

1 

Kiſſing vied in Mok 0 
Churches, 


OS ARS. 5 
Y RY: 

«A NX. 4 SA 
* 4 


ey 


trouble, 211,212 

John Oxnam of Plymmouth, 595. his notable 

aduenture in che South fea, $95. The Spany- 

ae Mm and his company. 2930 
29 


John Tyntam & William Fabian Englith men 
intended a voyage to Guiny in yeere ot, 

t 

ohn de Walea Dutch man traf . 5 n Ru- 
fia, 439. he vanteth himſelfe to ve the king 
of Spaines ſubiect. 821, hisambitivus defire 
in Ruſſiato be preferred before the Queene 
of Englandsfubie®. 94 f. M.lerome Horley 
notwi ing is preferred before him by 
me haere 821 
Lohn W an Epglith man dwelling at 
Santos in Brafil.6 3 8. his letter ſet to M.Sta- 
per of London from Santos. 638. his leer 
anfwered by certrine merchants of London, 
640. aliberall reward & gift ſeut him by che 
dmetchants, 64t 
fotfaken of the Sarracens for feare of 


driuen by tempeſt vpon 
his ceafts.10. his proud anfwere to king Ri- 
chards honeft requeft. 10. he is put toflight 
by king Richard. 10. his i flanderd 
taken by the Englithe, 10. hee yeeldech 
himfelfe to king Richard. 20. he is com- 
mittedtu certaine keepers. 10. he efcapeth 
from his keepers, and defieth king Richard, 


Fal „ and 
2 8 11 fo es eo Tripalis, 


11 
Italians grear enemyes to the Englift for theyr 
W hy 212 
— Rapeones ioage in Contant 


Ane ani Iſland of Norway. 466 

i * Bdwardaleteers (ene by Sit Hugh W. 

te the North, and Raſt Princes. 163 

4 

ings of Cembaia and China written vnto by 
Se 307 
England acknowledged for bool of 
of Marocco in Barbarie.2 38, His edi& in 


Sauages of Virginia. 73 

Killing v(edin Moſcvue, as in all the Greeke 

Churches. i 343 
L 

1 Abaiti che name of an Idolatrous Prieft in 

Li bega. 75 

Language of she hepplace, a narcharae neot 

inhabiting about che 

9783 


5 Mala 


. $44 
Laurence Alderfey.1776 His voyage to the Ci- 
ties of letuſalam and Tripolis. 177.178.1279. 
His ſecond tothe Cities Of Alexan- 
+ Aria,and Cayto in A i 224 
Laurence Chapa — to the Mofcouie 
„ cCompanie 4 f. Nis letcer written to she com · 
panic from Cabin in Perſia. 41 3. Herecer - 
weth foe the companie of the 


TAE TABL E. 


289. The manner of piocetuing in Lawe in 
Ruſſia. 269 
League Geometricall defined in verſe. 26 
Leaues of trees of an excecding length and big- 


nes. 103 
Leopharesa people of Guinie. 32 
Letters of conſpiracie againſt King Richard, 

fent by the French King to Tancred, King of 

Sicilie,by the Duke of Burgundie. 9. The fame 
letters 2 and ihewed to the French 
Kings face. ’ T. 09 
Lewes the French kings preparation for anex- 

3 into Aſia. 17 
Libanus the mountaines. 232. The commodir 

ties and fruites of thaſe mountaines. 231 
Liccuris in great plentie.3 49. It groweth vnder 

the ground like a tote. 349 
Limpoſd the Duke of Auſtria betraieth King 

Richard.1 2, he ſeſleth him to the Emperour, 

13. The iuſt iudgement of God vpon him for 

that wicked fag. . at his death he repenteth 

it, and forgaue 3 ooo. markes to King Ri- 

chard, and fent home his holtages. 13 
Limpꝛem a porte towr e in the Iſle of Cyprus, 

forfaken by the Inl: bitants, for feate of the 

Engliſh. bis 10 
Lionel Plumtree hi lion for a voyage to 

Cathay, out of Petia, g 8 
Lions of a huge bignes, 53 
London famousin Perfia, forthe cloth that is 

brought thither, 386 London bettet knowen 

by name among the Princes of Perfia, then 

the generall terme of England. 416 
Longitudes of places hatd to he found out. 25 5. 

way how to finde out the longitudes & 

latitudes of places in the Mappe. 253 
— a Ruſſe fo called 318, His relation & 

iliar report to Stephen Burrough, tou · 

ching the riuer ofobe 318 
Luke Ward Captaine of the Edward Bonauen- 

ture in Maftet Fentons voiage.647.He com- 

mitreth the proceedings in that voyage to 

writing, 783 


U.“ 


N 


Atham an Engli(tman,the firſi difcouerer 

of the Ifland of Madera. go. The port of 
Machico in Madera fo called to this day ac- 
885 to his name. 8. A chappell built in 
the ſaid Iſland by him g e. In a boate made of 
atree, he failed from Madera to the coaſt of 
Afftieke. 80. The Mores take him, and pre- 
ſent him for a miracle to the king of Caſtile. 


80. 

Madera the Iſland deſeribed. _ 89 
Magellans Streights. 809. Two Illandes in the 
Streight named by fir Francis Drake Bartho- 
lomew,and Penguin. 59. The towne ot king 
Philip in the titreight. 5B. The 1 ben feed 
call it the towne of famine, beeauſe they fold 
almoſt all che Spaniards ftarued. 810, Sine 
ieces of Ordinance taken by M..Candith 
From the towne. 810.The jome ftench of 
thetowne furce the Englith to leaue it. 810. 
Treacherous Sauages in the Streight, laine 
by the Englith. 810, N defcription of the 
Streight. 80). Another towne in the Streight 
called Nombre de Iefus. 807 
icians 6 can, 58 
Mai the falſe prophet u ces. 43. 
The meanes that hee vied to aſpire tothe 
kin, of Arabia, 8 3 

a citie of the Raft India, 219. T. 
waights, meafures, and money currant there. 


217. 
Malgo king of England, and his conquefts. 244 
Museen a ftraunge whirlepoole pon e 
coaſt of Norway. 4120 
Malta Iſtand. 15 B. The gouernour thetof called 
the great Maſter of Malta. 285. His paſport 
act dealers of the ae 17 
nolds. 7285. 
Manteo he nae of a A ig 
E and t againe * 
spo His fai feruicero the Englih 
in Virginiay, ‘ 743 
Matchants of London affift the iting: of For- 
tingall in the winning of ee 
Fi 


Marchams among the Negroes in Guiny, . 10 
Meccha the place ot Mahomers sepulebre: 32, 
44 The deicription of his fepulctare. 44 
Melinde lingdoine. oS 00 95 
Menmon a miraculous pond neere Achon. 26 
Memphys tuines. 126 
Meflana a city of Steile. 8. The citinens ſbut the 
Englith men outet they gates, being afrayd 
of them,8. The fury of the Bnglith againft 
citizens. 8. The citizens ol Meflana put to 
flight by the Englith. B. Abe city it alte 
woonne by. the Englith, >»: 18 
Michaell Stropeny au Italian the caufe of N. 
John Newberie his trouble at Ormur. 810 
Miles Philips his aduentures in Nous Hiſpabia. 
56 , 569. he weareth the Benita in Mexico. 
57 J, he learneththe facultie ot filkeweauing 
in Mexico. 393. he aduentureth ta eſtape out 
ol the Weſt Indies. 55. Ihe maner ot his eſ- 


capinß. 5 

Mina a caftle vpon the eoaſt of Guiny a — 
ging to the king of Portingall. 96. the Pore 
Cingalles in the caltle inhibite the Englith, 
and will not permit theyr acceſſe to it. 240 
they ſhoat all theyt ordinance againſt one 
ſmall Englith boat, and yet hurt it not. 240 
Monaſterium Griftonum a ſtrong holde in Si- 
alle woonne by king Richard, 7 
Monaftery of Sinay, 33. The counter dit relikes 
of faints in i me monaſtety. 33 
Monfons or teafo’ able times for thipping in 
the Balt Indies, 219.120.221 
Morgiouets an harbour in Mare glaciale. 317 
Motsa ceitaine fith of great eftimation among 
the Ruffes, 289 
Mofcouie difcouered by fea by j Enelith going 
for Cathay. 280, The oceafiun of aduancing 
+ the deſcouerie of Mofcouie, 280. Ihe mer- 
chants of London the ſetters forward of the 
difcoucrie, 280. it is difcouered by ftaby Ri- 
chard Chanceler. 283, The difcription of 
Moſcouie. 28 5. The chicfeft riuers in Molco- 
uie. 285. Theſharpnes of the winter in Mof= 
couie. 285, The deſeription of Mofco the 
chicte city, 296,337. The maner of vi 

building in Mofcouie,286,Thecaftleint 
City of Mofco deſeribed. 286,336. I he difci. 
fine of warre the Meſcouits. 387 
ey vie to ride with ſnort 287 
The hard and miſeruble lining of the Mofco- 
uitcs in the time of ware. 287. Mofcouie 
hath no lawyers, but euery man is his owne 
lawyer. 289. The religion, feruice,minifterie, 
de other ecclefiafticall rites among the Mof- 
couites 390, Ihe church of Mofcouie obſer· 
weth the orders, ceremonies cuſtomes & tra · 
ditions of the Greeke church, 290. The fafts 
ofthe Mofcouits are foure in number query 
yeere. 290, Monaftariesin Moſcouie. 293 
The maner of ſubſtituting anew abbat in 
the roome of an abbat deceaſed. 29 2. The ce 
remonyes and cuftomes of the Mofconits at 
the time of death vfually obſerued. 291. their 
3 forme therof. 292. Thecoines 
that are there curtant, and the valuation of 
them. 193. The weights there vſed in buying 
and ſelling. 293. The commodities of Molco- 
uie in general, 294. The flaxe of Moſcouie. 
295. The river of Mofo hallowed every 
yeere. 34.3. The Ruſſes lene.941, The metro- 
politane of —— ey Aa honordone to 
the metropolitane Hmperour. 343 
The metropolitans horfleied by the Empe- 
rour, 342. The religious men of Mofcouie, 
andtheyrmaners, 344. The holpitality vied 
in ies. 340. No preachers in 
all Ruffia, 34%. cheyr moonkeare merchants. 
344. The ortiaments of theyr churches. 344 
Second marriages forbidden theyr ton 
34. theyr maner of $45. ne 
diculows maner of pe’ 745. The maner 
ol theyr buriall, 45, The women paint their 
faces, 1 346 
Mofcouite Emperout, 286.343. his lerter ſent to 
Richatd Chanceler,386,he entertaineth Ri- 
chard Chanceler, and his company honora- 
bly. 286, Thename of Bmpetour hath but 
lately bene vſed of the dukes of Mofouy- 
43. The magnificence of the Error tet 
athe time of war, 287, The maner how the 
Impeiout 


22 


, d n , . , N d, &= N 


valiant ſeruices 
of his ſubiects. 288. Of the rich 


sows letrers po King Edwant. 393,395. 
Bimperour himédfe a merchant.39s. firft 
to the Englifh eee, 


h priui anted thé at i time of M 
Lats fF 403, his more ſpetiall 
reed our merchants at M, 
vate eee a ee. 
6, . A yeere- 

Aneſſe o ek 33653 39: 24 


g 
i 


ings 0 
r chiefly delighteth. 343 
Mofcouie inland Geert, 195 The husban- 
drie vied in Mofcouie,410, The feaſts of the 
88 e. 40 b. The attire of the com. 
10,411,412. theyr rudeneſſe 
snd barbaroulnefle. 413. theyr drunkenefie 
& r An vniuerfall plague 
onglt them. 427. The latirude of certaine 
plicesin Moſcouie. 389. Diftances of ecr- 
taixeplaces in Moſcouie. 385, 386, 5 
houfe at Moſco in Ruſſia buile for 
dom. 301. The furniture, attyre, and maners 
af horffemen in Mofcouie, 42 
N of gegen 1 
Murſe Smille a Tartar prince, 
Murterallie che great prophet whom the Pex, 
38 honor. 373. theyr tables 0 
Mul requifite for long voyages, to omſort 
and —.— the nauigants. 684, Mufike alſo 
neceſſary in voyages of diſcouery, to 
che rude Sauages. 684,776 


N 


l called, borderi ri Maa 
N ee 
of eee 


5 of Vol 
re ce Eis „il Ober 
120 rye ponte 


Maines s ere of he Soh Sey where the 
Namen no niggard N — 


Nauie of king Richard in C canted of 
Reale gte Peg 8 
gations 
breed man ie Porn bug 
Nals of the hands fufferedto grow very long 
Narcan by ice Bard fo ied 


race their skinnes, 01, a ptetie 
1 5. Negroes in 7 
the enimie. 118. er 
gowne burnt in Guin by the bene g 126. 
aother cowne of che Negroes burne 
Boglith ia Guinie, 795, AN 
th fom 


j 155 . 132. No trueth in Ne- 
EE ofa Negro 


Newfound ff ne by he 10. 


6. Te def 
377. Meble 1 variety of Ih there to 
* had. eaalt of 


THE TAB I. E. 


thematician of Oxford. 246. Hñis made 
to the tegions vnder the North pole. 348. 
245. A teftimonie of M. Ichm Bes Dee concer 
bya G. ol E The 

Ni famous river 29, mane: 
how it pepsin pts sa der 

ag.where hence ie Sringeth, ph oa 
oon Thain ofthe fring nd ing 


Nine in number sccqablevothe Tare 
40. The reafon thereof 


Nash pening — et be Pech 
difcouered by the R 


nation, 


Northeatt puikge dpsed, Bec 64, 


Northerne difcouerie proſecuted aout 
very commodious to our ki kingdeme. rose 


ward Nortii weſt paflage prooued by authoritie. 597. 


‘The fame prooued by reafon. 399. Thefame 
proouedin pan . "as 
— cloaraliavees 602. The profit of 
ones pena! 607.608, The fane paſſage 
prooued | Richard Wills.610.The fame 
palfage ca aby the Spaniards the Angliſn 
346. Probabilities of the paf- 
gebs! Datis his difcouerie. 780 
. 9 annexed to the 1 be 
Britaine, 
Noua Zembla inthe Northeaft fa yeelds wood 
1 things acceflarie for the diſcoue · 
that paffage. 47 
Noproted gels lachs. abt. Beste . 
5 38 


on 
O 
. op 5 
oar familiarlie to the Ruffle 


Certaine demonftration thereof 
Sr M Stephé Burrough. 318 


vpon M. Ienkinfon.368. Hee writeth to the 
Bt of rey twife in . lenł in- 


— byte gi ofthe Coe 


Sete gene- 41 45.0 oe 
ol de tus bs peg 5 


Olympus and che — bed 
agréat lake in Ruffia. 392 
Orders for a Fleete fet out in diftowerie. 459 
Ordinance of braſſe in Ruſſia. tte eri 
Ormun a citie of che Balt India. 210.211. T 
ſituntion therofin an Iſland. 3. The 
nr 
Nee of 
9 Queene Mary. 3 THis honou- 


to 21. Ri 
Ae 
tie 2 
e the cler — 322. . 


by by — — 


nag ot 338. His incertainonene #2 . 
Ruflia. ‘ 


338 
Oman dete. ene, 
bene. 


S 
— danke The fame oth renewed 


wail Olttby dhewacrof dhesea Ti bythe Ne. 
674 e 


Pet, Ore, orthipped in cerine Iands of the Bat 


1 1. The batharous ceremonies vied 
that aderarion. 49.45 


86 40 and famous riuer. 332 


Oile out of che greund, 43 


granted by ber Maiefty for a trade to 
aiken canna 4 


Peace concluded betweene king Ri 
Re in ayer atte. Pr „ 


. — Ro d h Rach 
55. e 


ompey his pillar in Al 
Pope reprelrended for 
all the Baft country 
Portingall. 

Pottingalles villany to 
erfon. 109, theyr tred 
his company the {¢¢ 
2 T. les with a 


eee 
name in great abſidance. 


P. 48. the maner how it i 
— 4 e at 

wing at Benin in Africa 87. grecn 

rought home in the late Benin voy- 


E manor 
63,373.Thec 
51 e . 


Petſtans 
bee the Perfians, 
ication of them. 418. The ma- 


aol eng an 
vine 423, Theoriginall 


Guiny. 
Poyfon of the Sauages o 
Prayer dayly peor: requ 
fea att 
Presbicer Ichn Emperor 
{cription of his palace 
and omaments of the 
teafon of his name, 66 
titude of his Empire, 
into prouinces, 66, | 
pian vpon him in | 
pline in warre, and | 


d nd the ruines therofin Perfis. — 

— oe Ratcliffe a pirate in the Leua 
dent. 15 1. he caketh & 
cians. 171. A tedteſſe of | 


mifed by the ge My abr 


governor OF the Mand of 1 Le. 
„ A otheruina 
DEN 


froma th ahah wo 
e 

Lay mpetor 

Philip e 


sin Mandel tne wnt ft Bay 
to obtaine fife conduct of the Solden. 


Phacngdticlio 
modityes that will 


lanting in A 
ee 


Pole of Plymmouth af} 
Pompe of owners of 


‘eft Indies, 


of Guiny, warn 


5 with the Engliſſ 
Lain by the Englith i 
Portingals. 146. their 
the Englith.148. Af 
lich thippe and feuen 
The fame feuen Port 
ted by that one Engli 
tingall ſnippe defend 
pirats. 1 50. The Por 
the cape of Bona Spe 
161,162. The Portin 
to Lisbone common! 
The king of Porung 
trade of che Baft. 25 


alles ambaflage ent 
e voyage of two En 


Troſſes. 

Prince of Norihnales ea 
of Owen Gwinnedd. 
Welt Indies with bed 


me owne nares, 
Powel and f. Humfre 


Purters of thippes, andt 


ſtructions & ditectio 


Pyramides certaine mo 


Cayro in Aegypt. 
0 


Veene Elizabeth 
QU. now is. 164 


letters written to the 
183. 199. Her Maiel 
Harebrowne Ambaf 
Her maieſties letters 
uen to Sir Edward O: 
Staper. 172. Her 
great Turke to 
Eagliſſi thip called th 
ſties letters to the Em 
Her Maiefties letter 
fia for M. Ienkinſons 
into Perlia. 3 59.360, 
the great Sophie of l 
Acte for the corpor: 
uenturem. 294. Her! 
Emperor of Ruſſia, ( 
dolph. 40 1. Her Mai 
fent to the ſayd Emp 
Ienkinſon. 427. Her 
Emperour fene by! 
Her Maiefties letters 
‘ambaia.207. Her! 


— eetes 


then Sauages proued to be laufull. 0 
Planting diurded into two patts. 705. The cone 
modityes that will ariſe to our Englith nati- 
on by planting in America. 7 10. The profit 
of planting to all aduenturets in particular. 


11 
Planting in America profitable to the 2 
713. Th aang is no matter of great 
charge or difficulty, 714 
Plefcoa towne in Ruſſia. 289. The commodi- 
ties thereof. 289 
pole of Plymmouth athippe ſd called. 320 
pompe of ownets of mines in Mexico in che 
eſt Indies. 549 
Pompey his pillar in Alexandria. 233 
Pope reprehended for vndertaking to beltow 
all the Baft countrycs vpon the kinges of 


n . 255 
portingalles villany towards M. William Tow- 
erſon. 109, theyr trechery towards him and 
his company the ſecond time, 110. The 
Portingalles with a brigandine range the 
coaft of Guiny, warning the Negroes not to 
deale with the Engliſh. 110. Two Portingals 
flain by the Englith in afight.118, Baniihed 
Portingals,146.their knauery alway towards 
the Englith.1 48. A fight betweene one Eng - 
lich thippe and feuen Portingalles, 148, 149 
The fame feuen Portingall thippes difcomh- 
ted by that one Engliſn 12 755 149. A Por- 
tingall ſhippe defended by the Englith from 
pirats. 250. The Portingalles nauigation by 
the cape of Bona Speranza defcribed. 160, 
161,162. The Portingalles Gaile from Goa 
to Lisbone commonly in fiue moneths. 162 
The king of Poruingall a merchant in the 
trade of the Eaſt. 252. The king of Portin- 
e into England tohinder 
e voyage of two Englifhmen intended for 
Guiny. 9 
Poyfon of the Sauages of Ametica. 
pmyer dayly moſt requifice in all voyages, and 
fea attemp:s. . 260 
pres biter Iohn Emperor in Affrike.6s. The de- 
ſcription ol his palace. s 3. The magnificence 
and omaments of the ſame pallace. 66. The 
reafon of his name. 6 C. The largeneſſe and la- 
titude of his Empire. 66. The diuiſion therof 
into prouinces. 66. Seuen kings alwayes at- 
tending vpon him in his court. 66. his difci- 
pline in warre, and his enfignes which are 


* 
81 


530 
ai 


croſſes. 67 
Prince of Northwales called Maddoc,the ſonne 
of Owen Gwinnedd. 506, his voyageto the 
Welt Indies with certaine thips provided at 
his owne charge. 506. his fecond voyage to 
thoſe 506. The opinion of M. Boctour 
Powell and Humftey Lloid concerning beer 
0 


voyage. 5 
putſers of thippes, and theyr dueties. 309. In- 

ſtructions & directions for purſers. 309.3 10 
Pyramides certaine monuments in the city of 

Cayro in Aegypt. 223 


Qa 


Veene Elizabeth her gracious Maieftie 
that now is,164. Her Maiefties ſeuerall 
leccers written to the great Turke. 164.171. 
18 3. 199. Her Maiefties commiſſion to M. 
Harebrowne Ambaſſadour in Turkie. 176. 
Her maieſties letters patents or privileges gi - 
wen to Sir Edward Osburne and M. Richard 
Staper. 172. Her Maieſties letters to the 
great Turke to procure the reſtitution of an 
Englith thip called the ſeſus. 199. Her Maie- 
ſties letters to the Emperour of Marocco. 232 
Her Maieſties letter tothe ih et of Ruf- 
fia for M. Ienkinſons paffage through Ruſſia 
into Perlia.3 59.360, Her Maiefties letters to 
the great Sophie of Perſia. 36 1. Her maielties 
Acte for the corporation of merchant Ad- 
uenturets. 294. Her Maiefties preſent to the 
Emperor of Ruſſia, ſent by NM. Thomas Ran- 
dolph. 40 1. Her Maiefties letters and preſent 
fent to the ſayd Emperour by M, Anthonie 
Tenkinfon. 427. Her Vaieſties letters to the 
Emperour ſent by Sir Jerome Bowes. 489. 
Het Maieſties letters written to the king of 
Cambaia. 207. Her Maiefties letters written 


Tue TABLE. 


tothe king of China. 207. Her Mae ſties tet- 
ters patents giuen to Sir Humfrey Gilbert for 
inhabiting in America, 677. Her Maieſties 
letters patents giuen to Sir Waltcr Raleigh, 
to difcouer and plant in America. 725. Her 
Maieftie admired and honourably ſpoken of 
among the Turkes. 224. Her Maieſties title to 
all the countreyes of Americalying North 
from Florida. 709 
Queene Mary het letters pacents granted to the 
Merchaunts of the Voſcouie company in 
London. 304 


R 


Aſe Fitch one of M. Iohn Newhberies com · 
panie at Goa. 212. His letter written to 
NM. Leonard Poore of London frõ Goa. 212 
Rafe Lane Gentleman, gouernour of Virginia. 
736. The names of thofe Englihmen that 
remained in Virginia vnder his gouernment. 
736. His prudent and paineſull gouernment 
defcribed.7 39. 740 741. Nis requeſts to Sir 
Francis Drake at his arrtuall in Virginia. 47. 
He obtaineth all his requeſts. 746. Hee lea · 
ueth Virginia, and with his company com- 
meth for England, 747. His opinion of M. 
Thomas Harriots difcourfe touching Virgi- 
nia.748.His letter to V. Richard Hakluye of 
the middle Temple, touching the ſtate of 
Virginia, 793 
Rafe Rutter a rebell to the Queenes Maieſtie 
in Ruſſia. 43 2. He is requited to be fent into 
England by the Emperour of Ruſſia. 43 2. 
The Emperour granteth it. 434 
Rainulph Glanuil Earle of Cheſter. 17. He is 
fent with an armie tothe fiege of Damiatain 
gelbe, 17. His valure in that ſeruice commé- 
ded by Polydore Virgil. 17 
Reaſon, and cauſe of the name of the Sea called 
the ted ſea. 32 
Reedes of a huge bigneſſe. 51 
Religion muſt be the beginning and foundation 
of all difcoueries ani plantings.680, The dif- 
ference of religion in a countrey,is the caufe, 
of much mifchiefe and bloudthed, 373.419. 
2 


423 
Richard the firſt ing of England.¢. His prepa- 
ration and expedition towards Ieruſalem. 6. 
The occafion of his iourney.6,Mony gathe- 
red in the Realme towards that iourney. 6, 
His pous and honourable entrance 
into the citie of Meſſana in Sicilie.7, His exe 
ceeding boũteouſnes and liberalitie towards 
the French king and others. 3. His liberalitie 
purchaſed him great Ioue and fauour. 8. Hee 
departeth from Meſſana in Sicilie toward A- 
chonwith 1 50.great(hips,and 53. great gal- 
lies. 9. His nauie diſperſed by a tempeſt. 9. He 
him(elfe with a few (hips diiuen to the Iſle 
of Creta. 9. He arriueth in Cyprus. 10. He in- 
treateth the king to reftore the goods of the 
Enplith that he had taken away,10. He, and 
his fouldiouts inuade the Ifle of Cyprus. 10. 
He fetteth vpon Ifakius the king earl y in the 
motning, and taketh great fpoiles, 10. Hee 
marieth Berengaria the king of Nauarres 
daughter at Limp em in Cyprus, 10. Ele arri- 
ueth at Achon. i 1. He with his wifeentereth 
the citie of Achon, and lodgeth in the kings 
palace. 12. Hee beheadeth 2500. Saracen 
prifoners, 12, Hee putteththe Salladine to 
flighe,and flayeth many of his nobles & cap- 
tains,12. Hle paſſeth throughout all the land 
of Syria without refiftance. 12. He conclu. 
deth peace with che Turkes for three yeeres, 
12.He returneth from Paleftina, andis bya 
tempeft dtiuen to the partes of Hiſtria. 12. 
He is betraied by Limpold a duke of Auftria 
12. Heeis fold to the Emperour for 60000. 
markes. 13. The cauſe of malice for which 
Limpoldus tooke him. 13. He ist ranfomed 
for 104. thouſand pounds, 1 H 
Richardus Canonicus a Poet that went wit 
king Richard into Syria, and defcribed the 
things that happened in that voyage, calling 
his bonke, Irinerarium Regis Richard. 15 
Richard Carter an Englifhma dwelling in Bra- 
{il.660.He is taken by M. Fenton (hips vpon 
the coaſt of Brafill. 660 


Richard Chanceler pele Pilot in che voyage 
intended for the di:coucrieof Cathay, 267. 
He is commended to the merchaunts of the 
Moſcouie companie, by Sit Henry Sidney, 
281. He difcouereth Moſcouie by Sea. 283, 
His inteitainment with the Ruffes.283, 284 
His ro de land from S. Nicholas to Mole 
co. 284. Ihe Emperour of Mofcouie his cure 
teous letters written to him. 284. Hee atri- 
ueth at Mofco.286, He deliuereth king Ed · 
wards letters to the Emperour.286, His ho- 
nourable intertainement and ſeaſting at the 


Court. 286. His periſhing vpon the coaſt of 
Scotland. 322 


Richard Clarke maſter of Sir Humfry Gilberts 
admiral thip.700.He excuſeth himfelfe tous 
ching the loffe of the tip, 700 

Richard Greenuill knight fis voyage to Virgi- 
nia. 733. He buildeth a forte in the Ifland of 
S. Iohn neere . 34. He banqueteth 
the gouetnour of Port de Plata in 8. Johns, 
735. His valiant boording & taking of a iich 
Spaniſh thip, with a litle cocke boate. 736 

Richard Hakluyt Eſquire of Ryton in the 
Countie of Hereford.45 4, His directions gie 
uen co Morgan Hubblethorne Dier ſent into 
Perfia.454. His initructions giuen to Arthur 
Pet and Charles lackman for their intended 
diſcouerie. 460. M. Oliuer Dawbeney his re- 
port to him of M. Hores voyage in the time 
of king Henry 8.5 18. The diſcourſe of Ren- 
ty Hawkes touching the Weft Indies, write 
ten 70 his motion and requeſt. 545. His 

aduiſe and notes giuen to diuers gentlemẽ of 
N. Frobifhers company. 636. A letter writ- 
ten to him out of Virginia by M. Rafe Lane 
concerning the ftate of that countrey. 793 

Richard Hakluyt of Oxford. 77. His admoniti- 
on to the Reader concerning his new impreſ- 
fion of Mandeuil. 7. The hiſtorie of Laudoe 
nier tranſlated out of French into Engliſh by 
him. 5 33. A letter written to him from New. 
foundland concerning the ftate thereof by 
Stephanus Parmenius a learned Hungarian. 
697. His good light giuen to the merchaunts 
of Briftow concerning the {tate of America. 
718. A letter written to him by Gerardus 
Mercator from Duisburg in Cleue touchin 
a Northeaſterne diſcouerie. 48 3,He is one 4 
the ſocietie or company to whom Sir Wale 
ter Raleigh his affignment is made for profe- 
cuting thedifcoueries and plantings in Ame 

1 


rica · 8 
Richard Staper merchant of London. 172 Ove 

of the company of merchaunts trading into 

Turkie. 17 2. A letter written to him fro Sane 


tos in Brafill by one lohn Whitehall, 638 
Roane in Fraunce vnder the obedience of Ri · 
chard the firſt king of England. 7 
Robert Baker his fitſt voyage to Guinie, 130. 
His ſecond voyage to Guinie. 135. His im- 
ptiſonment in France. i 30. 131. 142. Hisade 
uentures in Guinie & about the coaſts ther- 
of. 137.138 
Robert, brother to Lewes the French king. 18. 
His fooliſh and preſumptuous pride. 1 9. His 
roud and infolentanfiver to the wholefome 
counſell of the Templaries. 19. His proude 
ſcorne and contemptuous refuſal of William 
Longtwords ſober aduiſe. 19. His late repen · 
tance of his headie raſhnes. 19. His coward 

ly flight from the battell. 19. He erifheth in 
the riuer Thafnis oppreſſed with harneſſe.19 
Robert Curſon a noble man of England a great 
traueller, & created Cardinal at Rome. 16.17 
Robert Gainfh M of the Iohn Euangelift, in 
the 2. Engliſh voyage to Guinea. 89 
Robert firnamed Ketenenſis, an Englifhman.6. 
His trauell into Dalmatia,Greece & Alia. 6 
Robert Tomſon. gg 2.His trouble in Mexico in 
the Welt India for religion. 58 3. Ne is forced 
to weare the Benito in Mexico, 584. His de· 
ſeription of Noua Hiſpania. 388 
Robert Turneham a Diuine. a 3, His trauel with 
prince Edward into Syria, 23 
Robert Thorne merchant of Briftow.250. His 
letter to king Henry the 8, incouraging him 
to difcouer towards the North.2 30. His diſ. 
courfe written to D. Leigh the kings Ambaf- 
Gador in Spa. 2 
Ffff. 2. 232 


252. Hisde(cription of the ſituation ot the 
partes of the world in generall. 254. his epi- 
2 45 Latine veiſe in the Temple church 55 


n. 25 
‘Roger Bodenham his voyage into the Weſt 
indies. 322 
Romane Soningsa French man turned Turke 
to ſaue his lile in Tripolis in Barharie. 195 
he is hanged notwith{tanding, and dieth in 
che faith of a Turke, 195 


Aba kin e. 47 
Sine the Emperour of the Sarracens 
ſendeth giſts to king Richard. 12. The Sala- 
dine is put to flight by king Richard, 12 


Salomons temple in Ieruſalem. 37 
Salt Iſland at cape Verde. 128 
Sambofesa people of Africa. 526 


Samoides a people dwelling at the riuer Ob. 
318. A deſcription of theyr maners. 318 
‘They are a people of a Sauage and cruell na- 
ture. 


19 

Santa Crux a towne in the iſland of Tenentfe, 
143. Another towne of that name in the l- 
fland of Cuba in the Welt Iudies. 536 
Sapies a people of Africa. $26 
Sarracens baptiled. 11. they reuolt againe, and 
forlake Chriftianity.1 1. The Sarracens breake 
theyr couenants. 12, The Satracens forbid- 
den to drinke wine. 35. The reafon-of that in · 
hibition. 44. The connerſion of the Sarra- 
cens how it is to be wrought. 43. Themaners 
& religion of the Saracens at large, 42. The 
common drinke of the Sarracens. 44. The er- 
rorsofthe Sarracens concerning the meanes 
of ſaluation. 44. A great(hippe of the Sara. 
cens taken by king Richard. ur 
Sauages of Ameiica. 557. theyr k ngs, & maner 
of reuerence done to them. 557. Theyr hou- 
ſes and townes, 558. theyr veffels,furs,fruits, 
woods,and minerals. 359. theyr beafts and 
birds. 5 60, theyr idols, burials and language. 
561. The Sauages not to be vied difdainfully, 
or in any hard lore. 266 
Scots theſt, and ſpoile of Englith goods. 322 
Sea called the dead ſea. 340. The reafon why it is 
ſo called. 40 
Sebaſtian Cabot fitſt gouernour of the Moſco - 
uie company in London. 302,305. his difco- 
uety of the Welt Indies, 51 l. his fecond 
yore to Brafill, 12. The riuer of Plate in 
Brafill firft difcouered by him. 512. King 
Henry the ſeuenth ſet him forth to difcouer, 
514. Three Savages brought by him into 
England.515. His ange pention granted him 
by king Edward the fixt. 519 
Secotan a prouince in Virginia, 738 
Sellizure a caſtle belonging to Azim Cam, a 
rince of Tartatie 35 2. The defcription, and 
dn of that caftle, 352 
Senega a riuer in Guiny. 94 
Shally Murzey fonne to the king of Hircani a 
great ftiend to M. Ienkinfon in the Sophies 


court. 37¹ 
Shamakie a citie of Media.3 58, The deſeription 
therof. 422 
Sbhamma a towne in Guiny burnt by the Eng. 
i 2 


lith. 1 
Sbaugh or Sophie of Perſia. 420. his requeſt to 
the Englith merchants to haue mony of them 
exchange. to offer to Mahomet. 420. The 
reaſon of that requeſt of his. 20. The reafon 
ofthe word Shawgh. 4 2 2. his maner ofliuing · 
22. his crueltie to the nobilitie of the king · 
Fome of Shirnan, 3 68. he fendethothe great 
Torke the head of his ſonne. 399. he beftow. 
eth a tich garment of cloth of golde vpon 
M. Ienkinſon. 371. he repureth all Rrangers 
vnholy people. 422 
Shels of {nailes very great. 51 
Shippe called the Dominus vobiſcum. 317 
Shippes without yron in the Perfian gulfe. 233 
So alfo at Ormuz, and in all the Eaft Indian 
ſeas. 47. One hundred and twenty ſluppes of 
the Chriftien princes broken, and drowned 
by a tempeſt, riding in the hauen of Trapez 
in Sicilia. 20. The forrow of the princes for 
the l iſe of thofe ſnippes. 20 


Slei ia, and the temperature therof, 26 


THE TABI E. 


Sierra Leona vpon the coaft of Guiny a very 
contagious place. 0 i 
Sigifinundus ab Herberften alarge writer of the 


ingdome of Moſcouie. 413 
Signes ordinary of the land of India to the na- 
uigants in thofe feas, 162 


Silke graſſe growing in Virginia. 750. White 
filke in great — at Tripolis in Syria. 


. 238 
Siloe poole called Probatica Pifcina in len- 


em. 38 
Sio an iſland. 225 
Sion the mount: and the defcription therof. 38 
Sit George Pecham knight, 70 1. his learned 

diſcourſe of Weſterne planting. 70 i. his great 
zeale to the action of diſcouering and plan · 
ting in America, 682. his aid and aſſiſtance 
in that behalfe yeelded to fir Humtrey Gil- 
bert. 628 
Sleds vſed in Ruſſia. 284, 393. Two thoufand 
ſleds belonging to one towncin Ruſſia 393 
Sloboda the Emperour of Ruſſia his houſe of 


recreation. 490 
Sluda a certaine thing in Ruſſia which they vie 
in windowes in ited of glaſſe. 410 


Soldan what it fignifieth. 30. The de(cription of 
the pallace of the Soldan in Cayr in Aegypt. 
30. The largeneſſe of his dominion. 30. Lhe 
number. and names ot the Soldans of Aegypt 
till {ir John Mandeuils time. 30, The power, 
and number of men of armes that belong to 
the Soldan. 30. No meſſenger permitted to 
come to his preſence, without a garment of 
cloth of golde. 31, The mane: of duty, and 
reuerence yee ded to him. 3 i. Ihe fate cone 
duct graunted by him to the Chiiſlian pil · 

rims. 32. Ihe forme of that conduct. 32 

he reuerence of all officers yeelded there- 
vnto when it is ſhewed. 32, The Soldans 
letters written in Mandeuils behalfe to all 
his officers. 32, 37. The meanes wherby the 
Soldan commeth to the knowledge of the 
ſtates of all Chriftian kings and kingdomes, 


4s 
Soliman the great Turke. 81. The maner of his 
entrance with his army into Aleppo in Syria, 
81. his number of Nortans, Ianixaries pages 
of honour, Baflaes and other men, and ot 
men of armes with theyr habits, and armour 
at the fame time. 81, 82, The total! number 
of that armie.8 2. The rich prefents preſented 
to him at that time by his Baſſaes, & the Con- 
ful of the Venetians in Tripolis. 82 
Spaniſh fleet of the Welt Indies confifting of 
nineteene failes. 122, The proud comman- 
dement of the Spanifh Admirall to the En- 
glith at the Iflands.1 22. The Spanifh Admi- 
tall ſtoutly anfwered,and not obeyed by the 
Engliſn. 123. The Spanifh merchants in Ma- 
focco commanded vppon paine of death to 
meet the Engliſh ambaffador. 157. The king 
of Spaines indeuor to diſgrace the Queenes 
Maieſty, and her ambaſſador, with the Em- 
eror of Marocco. 158. A Spanith price ta- 
ben by the Englith, and folde at Argier. 226 
Eleuen Spanith gallyes, and two frigats dif- 
comfited by fiue Englith ſhippes in the Le- 
uant. 230. A proud Spanith Generall called 
Don Pedrode Leiua. 228.229. his fuolith 
bragge aud threat to the Englifh. 229. A 
Spanith ſlaue beaten to death by the king of 
Argiers commandement for abufing an En- 
glichman. 2 31. The Spanyards & Portingals 
at contention about the ſituation of places 
in the mappe 254, 256. Two Spanyards in 
Pei ſia deliuered from the hands of 5 Turks 
by the Engliſn, and brought by them into 
ye 449. The Spanyards in the Weft 
Indies prohibited by the 1 tro traffi. 
king with Englith men, 529. Poore Spanifh 
fouldiers in 8. Domingo.529. The Spaniards 
keepe alwayes horffes ready ſadled in the 
Welt Indies. 5 33. The Spanyards periurie, 
villany, treachery and eve to the Engliſh. 
336. 565. A Spaniſti hulke of ſiue hundred 
tunnes caft away. 382. A Spanith preſident, 
his wife, daughters, and ſeruants drowned, 
382. A rebellion in Noua Hiſpania by the 
Spanyards ſor the 2 exactions impofed 


won them. 594, A Spanith prife taken by 


the Englith vpon the coaſt ol Braſill. 668 


‘The number of one and tw 0 

ken in the ſame prife, 660, A Seanith feet 
fent trom Spaine to hinder the paffage of the 
Englith through the ftraight of Magellan, 


660.Spanith frieis taken by the Englith.66o . 


A Spaniſh ſhippe in Brafill funke by the An · 
lith, 667. A Spaniſh viceroy called Don 
artin Henriques. 5 § 5.564. he fallifieth his 
promife, and periurioufly breaketh his faith 
and word giuen to M.lohn Hawkins. 5 55. A 
lace example of Spanith periury, treacherie, 
and cruelty to our nation. 317 
Springs of tatre. 234 
Starres once appearing are a ſigne of winter at 
hand in the North parts. 478 
Stephanus Parmenius an Hungarian. 692. 2 
letter touching the ſtate of Newfound land 
written from thence to M. Richard Hakluye 
of Oxford. 69. he periſheth at ſea. 692 
Steuen Burrough. 314. his nauigation towards 
the river of Ob.3 ir. The North cape (0 cal 
Jed fitſt by him, 313 
Stooues generally vfed in Ruſſia. 411 
Sunne and moone honoured by the Sauages of 
America. $49 
Sword fith killed by the Englith in Guiny, 65 3 


T 


T Abaeco and the great vertuetherof. 341 
Tancred king ot Sicilie, 8. his honorable 
inteitainement of king Richard. 9. Foure 
great (hippes & fiftcene gallies giuen by him 
towards the furtherance of king Richards 
enterpriſe g. he bewrayeth the intended trea. 
fon & conſpiracy of the French king againſt 
1 king Richard. leof Ag 9 
angomangoes a people of Afrike. 2 
Ta proband ifland with the defeription Gase! 


Tartar ia, and Tartars defcribed, with hepsi 


ners,habits,houfes,and other things. 6 1. Tate, 


tars call the Chriftians Caphars. 35. Tartar 
haukes vied to kill horſes. 35 3. Tartars diuĩ- 
ning of things to eome. 354, The maner of 
theyr diuinstions. 354, & Lartarian prince 
called Sophet Keri Alli arriueth at Moſeo in 
Rnſſia io fee the new Emperour Pheodore, 
822. The defcription of that part of Tartarie 
called Tartaria prima. 29 

Tauris the chiefe city ol Perfia, 46.3 

Templaries giue yholeſome counſell to carte 
Robert the French kings brother. 19. theyr 

e 


counſell ſeorned of 2 9. theyr prudent 8¢ 
i Moone Habit 8 his ſcorn sc chcteallt 19 
eneruke king of the country of Chrienſſi. 373 
Theodore aber Emperor oMuſſia. 495. K 
royall coronation at Moſco obſerued by M. 
Terom Horſey. 219 
Thomas Aleocke feruant to the company of 
Moſcouie merchants. 375. he is naeh 
the coantrey of Hyrcania. 373. The manet ot 
his murder and caufetherof, 378 
Thomas Aldworth merchant and maior of Brie 
ſtoll. 718. his commendable ſorwardneſſe in 
difcoueries and plantings, 78 
Thomas Raniſter Agent for the Mofcouy come 
any in Perſia. 419. he dyeth at Arraſh in 
erfia, 420 
Thomas Buts fonne to fir William Buts of 
Norfolke. 517 
Thomas Candiſh Livers 34. he accompa- 
nieth fit Richard Greeneuill iu his voyage to 
Virginia, 734. his preparation for a voyage 
into the South fea, bog. his letter touchin 
his voyage performed , written to my Lod 
Chamberlaine. g og. The diſcourſe and narrae 
tion of his voyage. go. The ſnippes taken by 
him in the South fea. 810,811. The great 
thippe of the Philippinaes called S. Anna ta- 
ken by him. g 12 his arrinall at the Ifle of la · 
nua. 8 12. The intertainement he had there, 
812. his arriuall at the Iſland of S. Helena. 


81 

Thomas Pert knight, his voyage with Sebaſtian 
Cabot. 315. his faint heart ouerthrew the 
voyage. 315 
Thomas Randolph ambaffador from j Queens 
Maiefly to the Emperour of Ruſſia. 399. he 
obtaingth 


Goa in the Eaft In 
Goa written to his 
age by thecapeo 
Porti . 160. his 
in che bebalfe of 
ned at Goa by the 
‘Timor Soltan the pri 
tatie. 
Townes of Sauages d 
in Virginia. 
Tortuga an Iſland in 
8 beating bomb⸗ 
repping water in 
teat of the king 
ies. 


Tripolis in Barbarie. 
and his people pla 
cruelty done to the 

Tripolis in Syria, 2 3 t 


Tuberõ a fith fo call 
the cape of Bona s 
tion of that fith, 

Tumen a certaine c 
The value of a Tui 

Tune. 

Turks firſt letters tot 
Conſtantinople. ic 
by the Queenes M 
leges granted toth 
Turkiecompany, 1 
commandement f 
fike of Englich m 
200,hisletter to t 

commandin 
ſnip, men and 
Yeerely je in 
is chiete officers, 
diers attending vp 
of prouinces. 20 
Turks court about 
Turks yeerely reug 
given at Conſtant 
of Chriftian ki 
for their promifes 
Twenty Turks deli 
from captiuity in t 
Turks Lent. 226. 
tothe Englith mer 
A peace conelude: 
10 and the iy baked 
urqueſtan n r 
Tyberias, and He fea 
Tyre che city deſcribe 


Aigats Iſlands in 
Venetian wom 
parell. «80. The 
City of Venice, 
ven in Ruffia is th 
i 


th. 
viduals not to be wa 


accounted for to 9 
Vincent a riuer in Br; 


an Englifh voyage 


— 
rafill. 66 


th his faith 
ins. 5 5. A 
treachi 


542 
1 Guiny, 65 3 


herof. 341 
1is honorable 
td. 9. Foure 
iuen by him 
ing Richards 
intended treae 
rking againſt 
9 


The maner of 
ian prince 
hat deo in 
eodore. 


46.3 
nfell to earle 
„19. 

prudent 8e 
19 
Chricaffi.373 
ffia. 499. 
bſerued by 
819 


of 
s . 
The maner of 
3 
maior of Brie 
prwardneſſe in 
715 
ſoſeouy come 
h at Artaſh in 
420 
liam Buts of 
517 
he accompa- 
his voyage to 
for a voyage 
tter tou ing 
nto my Lor 
uſe and narrae 
ippes taken by 
1. The great 
S. Anna ta- 
the Iſle of la · 
he had there. 
of 8. sas 


12 
ith Sebaftian 
louerthrew the 


es 
uflia. 399. he 
obtaineth 


ebtaineth new and large privileges ot the 
Emperot for the Englifli merchants. 402. A 


THE TABL xk. 


of ſeuentie ot eightietunne. 639. The protic 
that would arife by fucha voyage, 638 


* thole pace. 402. 403. his com- vincent a riuer alſo vpon the coalt of Guinie, 
given for t 


he diſcouery of the North- 
eaſt fea do theriuer of Ob. 406 


101, The latitude thereof. 102. The language 


of the people inhabiting about it. 102 


"Thomas Sanders priſoner in Tripolis. 193, his virginia a part of America fo named by the 


difcourfe of the Turkith vſage towards him 
and his company. 193. The meanes vied for 
his deliuerie and the reit of the Englilh cap. 
tiues. 1975198 
Thomas Steuens an Engliſhe man reſident at 
Goa in the Eaft Indies. 160. his letter from 
Goa vritten to his father touching his ac 
age by thecape of Bona Speranza with the 
Portingals.1 60.his friendly paines and trauell 
in the bebalfe of M. Iohu Newbery impriſo- 
ned at Goa by the Portingals. 211 
Timor Soltan the prince of Mangoſlaue in Tare 


tatie. : 358 
Townes of Sauages diſcouered by the Engliih 
in Virginia. 73 
Tortuga an Iſſand in he Welt Indies. 330 
Tree beating bombaſine cotton. 418. Trees 

dropping water in Guiny. 


6 ae 524 
‘Tribute of the king of Spainein theWeft In · vixeliace the place where Richa:d the king of 


dies. 4 559 
Tripolis in Barbarie. 198, The king of Tripolis 


Queenes Maieftie,7 28.729, The firſt Eng- 
lith voyage fet foorth to Virginia. 728. Pol: 
feffion of the countrey taken to the vſe of 
her Maieſtie. 7 28. The aduentures of the En- 
gliſh in their firft voyage thither, 729. The 
people, townes, prouinces, & kings of Vi:gi- 
nia. 738.7 39. 740. How the countrey was 
brouglit into vndeſerued ſlander. 49. 1 hoſe 
ſlandero anſwered. ) 49. 750. The merchanta- 
ble commodities that may be raifed in Vir- 
Zinia.7 50, Commodious meanes to rayſe vi- 
Qual in. Virginia.7 5 3.the routs, fruits, beaſts, 
fowles and fithes of Virginia. 555. The com- 
modities there for building, 758. The ma- 
ners aad natures of the Sauages there, 759. 
‘The names of the firſt Engtith colonie plan- 
ted there. 736. The names of the ſecond ca- 
lonie both men and women, 770.771 


England, and Philip the French king mete 
with their armies prepared for Syria. 6.7 


and his people plagued diuerflic vpon theyr Vnitie and concord athing in all voyages and 


cruelty done to the Englith, 198 


Sea attempts principally to beregarded, 359 


Tripolis in Syria. 23 1. The deſcription thereof. Volga a famous riuer in Ruſſia. 350. it hath 70. 


231 
Tuberõ a fith fo called by the Portingals about 
the cape of Bona Speranza.161, The deſcrip- 
tion of that fith, 161 
Tumen a certaine coine vied in Perſia. 378 
The value of a Tumen. 378 
Tuner. 222 
Turks fitſt letters to the Queenes Maiefty from 
Conſtantinople. 163. Thofe letters anſwered 
by the Queenes Maiefty.164,his large ptiui · 
leges granted tothe Englith merchants ofthe 
Turkiecompany, 167, 168. The great Turks 
commandement forthe quiet paſſage. & tral· 
fike of Englich merchants in his dominions, 
200, his letter to the king of Tripolis in Bar. 
bary,commanding him to reftorean Englith 
ſhip, men and goods. 201. The great Turks 
eerely out in his feraglio or court. 203 
Lischicteo ers. 205. The number of foul . 
diers attending vpon his feuerall gouernours 
of prouinces. 206. Thechiefe men in the 
Turks court about his perſon. 205. The great 
Turks yeerely reuenue. 206. his allowances 
iuen at Conſtantinople to the ambaſſadors 
of ee ‘The Turks care not 
for their promifes made to Chriftians. 195 
Twenty Turks deliuered by fir Francis Drake 
from captiuity in the Welt Indies. 224. The 
Turks Lent. 226. Turkie merchants enemies 
tothe Englith merchants trade in Perſia. 413 
A peace coneluded bet wene the great Turke 


and the byt acarted Perſia. 369 
Turqueſtan kingdome. 63 
Tyberias, and 52 fea cherof. 41 
Tyre the city deſcribed. 8 

Vv 


Aigats Iſlands in the Northeaſt fea, 318 
Venetian women exceede in pompous ap- 
parell. «80. The duke, aad ſeigniorie of the 
city of Venice, 180 
verſte in Ruffia is three quarters of a mile En- 


ith. 390 
viduals not to be waſted in voyages, but to be 
accounted for to the captaine. 260 
Vincent a riuer in Brafill.638.A proportion for 
an Engliſm voyage to that siuer with athippe 


Vigence a citie of Perſia delcribed. 


Water congealed to faltin the Welt Ind 
Weopomioke a broad found in Virginia, ſo cal 


mouthes or fals into the Sea, 350. The fame 


riuet ſuddenly frozen in the beginning of 
O@ober, did cut in funder the Englith boats 


vpon it, laden with goods 421 


Vologdaa towne in Ruſſia. 2899. The commo- 
289.335 
352 


dities that towne yceldeth. 


Ww 


Alter Raleigh Knight. 725. His letters 
patents granted him by her Maieftie 
todi(couer and plant in America, 725. The 
voyages to Virginia fet out by him.728.73 3 
764.772. His aſſignement to divers gentle · 
men and merchants of London, to continue 
the action of planting in Virginia. 815 
Way and diftance from S. Nicholas in Ruſſia 
to the Cafpian Sea, 386. The feuerall wayes 
from Ruſſia to Cathay. 38. 388 389, The 
way from Tauris in Peſſia, to Campion in 
Cathay. 389. Two ſeuerall wayes to India be- 
yond the Cape of good Hope. . 162 
Wardhoule, a caſtle vpon the extremity 
Norway, belonging to the king of Denmark. 
395-334» Thewaights and meafures therev- 


fed in merchandiſe. 


led by the Sauages, 


739 
Welt India offered to king Henry the . to bee 
°7 


difcouered, 


es of 


334 
12.547 


„ (N AL N N * * FP 


3 9 


the great luke by her Maeſbies letteis. 18 3 
His leiter in Ital an to the king ot Tripolis 
for the rellitution of the leſus. 204 
William Hawkins ot Plimmouth, lather to Sit 
lohn Hau kins. 3 20. His voyage to Brafill in 
king Henry the 8.his time. 5 ac, He bringeth 
a Bralilean ſ ing to London, and pteſeni eth 
him to the king. 520 
William Longeipe or Longfivord,a noble man 
of England, 18. His preparation for Syria 
with Lewesthe French king. 18. He cometh 
to Damiata with a band of valiaunt Englith 
fouldiours, 18. Hee furpriteth and taketh a 
firong hold ot the Saracens neete to Alexan- 
dria. 18. He ſetteth vpon a rich Carauan of 
Saracen merchants, and taketh the ſpoile of 
them. 18. His ſober anfiver to the French, of- 
fring him iniur ie. 18. He complayneth to the 
French king of the ĩniurie. i 8. Seeing no te- 
dreſſe, he ſultly forfaketh the French kings 
cam pe. 18. The French king wanting his help 
fenceth agayne for him with large promiles 
of contentation, 18. He paffeth the riuet of 
Nilus agaynſt the Saracens. 18. His prudent 
aduife to Erle Robert the French kings bros 
ther. 19. His counfell {corned of that proud 
Earle. 19 His notable reply to that ſcorne. 19 
His fingular valure in the battell againft the 
dalad ne. 19. His continuaunce in the fight, 
though his legs were wounded & hs horfe 
killed.1 9. His moit valiant & worthy end.19 
William Towerfon merchaunt of London. 98 
his firft voyage made to Cuin e. 98. Hisfe- 
cond & third co the ſoreſad. Guiny. 112.120 
William of Tyre an Englifhman, Priour ot a 
church in Ieruſalem. 5. 6. Archbiſhop after 
that of lyrein Phœnice. 5 6 
Windam captaine in the firſt Fngliſh voyage to 
Guinie 86. His furious gouernment in that 
voyage.86.He dieth on ſhip boord in che ri · 
uer ot Benin. 87 
Women of Arabia, their apparell & ornaments 
232. Women paint their faces in Mofcouie, 
346. Breaſis of women very long. 10a. Wo 
men deadly and hurtfull in their lookes. 7 1. 
The vndecent maner of riding vied by the 
women of Moſcouie 409. Women bought 
and fold, and let out to hire in Perfia, 425. 
The maners of the yong women amongit 
the Sauages of America. 530 
Wood, called Di ift wood in Mare Glaciale.3 17 
Woords that a Chriftian is to ſpeake, when he 
denyeth Chriftianitie, and receiues the reli · 
gion of the Turks. 


Wormes eating through the planks of rt 


97. 

1. 
yee falling into the Caspizn Sen. 
350. 


Vauat a townetin Hircania. 69 


William Bats folith and rath aduiſe to his com · Teladin el Kubar the king of Cambaia. Sop 


pany to land amoneft the Negroes vnarmed, 
144. He is taken wilfully by V Negroes, 145 
William Burrough now Clarke of her Maie-· 


233. a letter written from the Queenes Ma- 
ieftieto him by M. Iohn Newberie, 207 
Yem ariuer falling into the Caſpian fea, 35 


fties Nauie. 426. Captain of 13. Engliſh thips Meraſlaue a towne in Russia, 289. the comodi- 


ſent to the Narue. 425, Hee mecteth with 
Freebooters,and taketh g. of their ſnips. 426 
He writeth his letters to the Emperor of Ruf> 


ties that the counttie about it doth yeelde 
259. 


fia touching the t. ing of them. 425. His 2 
notes of aduiſe touching the killing of the 


Whale. 438. His depofition to certayne In- 
terrogatories miniftred to him concernin 


Ante Ilande, 224. the Engliſh houfe at 
Zante, ‘ 224. 


the Narue and Kegor. 438. Hlis reaſons todif- Teghan the cheefeft towne in the countrie of 


fwadea trade to the Narue by Sweden, 439 


Georgia. 423 


William Harebrowne her Maiefties Ambafla- Zeities certayne religious men about the great 


dour in Turkie, 176. Hee is commended to 


FINS. 


ren EAN * CN te 7 


Sophie Perſia. 374 


* 


1 
2 


bot Wo 


a 


+ 


NAMI „ 


4 — rs 
e 


ey a a 


<a 


J 


AN 


IN 


a 


v ew 
Wik ; * 2 * Yr dn NORE. Wen 


Imprinted at London by the 
_ Deputies of Chriftopher Barker, Printer to 


the Queenes moft excellent Maieſtie. 
AnnoDom. 15 8 9. 


ts * 1 N WN 22 
Ans 


~j 
— 
* 
4 
* 
> 
4 
8 


