RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Harriot, A briefe and true report (1588 quarto), 1903 facsimile, complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/briefetruereport00haririch/briefetruereport00haririch_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

UC-NRLF 


B   M   SDl   ^^7 


'ACSIMILE     REPRINT     OF 

fcRIOT'S    VIRGINIA 


LIBRARY 

OF   THE 

UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA. 

Class 


DoDD,  Mead  &  Company's 
Facsimile  Reprints  of  Rare  Books 

Historical  Series^  No,  I 

Hariot's  ^^ Virginia,"  1588 


^his  Edition  is  limited  to  Five  Hundred  and  'Twenty 
Copies y  of  which  Twenty  are  on  Japan  paper 


A  Briefe  and  True  Report  of 
the  New  Found  Land 


OF 


VIRGINIA 

By 

Thomas   Hariot 


Reproduced  in  Facsimile. ivom  the  First 
Edition  of  1588 

TVith  an  Introductory  Note  by 
Luther     S.    Livingston 


NEW   YORK 

DODD,  MEAD   ^   COMPANY 

1903 


"!> 


Introductory  Note 

THE  earliest  printed  original  book  in  the  English 
language  relating  to  the  region  now  comprised 
within  the  limits  of  the  United  States  is  Thomas 
Hariot's  Brief e  and  True  Report  of  the  New  Found  Land  of 
Virginia^  which  is  reproduced  in  facsimile  on  the  succeed- 
ing pages,  from  the  original  quarto  edition  of  1588.  It  is 
not  (as  it  has  been  called)  the  history  of  the  first  settle- 
ment, but  is  instead  the  report  of  the  skilled  surveyor  and 
mathematician  sent  out  with  the  colonists  by  the  owners 
of  the  grant  for  the  express  purpose  of  studying  the  country 
and  its  capabilities  for  settlement.  It  was  written  and 
printed  with  the  view  of  inducing  men  of  capital  to  become 
stockholders  in  the  corporation,  and  for  persuading  settlers 
to  emigrate  to  the  regions  described,  and  is  one  of  the 
earliest  examples  of  a  statistical  survey  on  a  large  scale. 
Being  the  account  of  the  resources  of  the  country,  and  of 
its  Indian  inhabitants,  its  text  is  more  interesting  than  the 
more  narrative-like  report  of  the  President  of  the  Colony 
which  is  printed  in  Hakluyt's  Voyages  and  which,  with  this 
book,  comprises  about  all  that  is  known  from  first  hands 
of  that  "  First  Colonie."  The  actual  narrative  of  the 
Expedition  prepared  by  Hariot  himself,  and  which  he  said 
was  "  ready  in  a  discourse  by  it  self  in  maner  of  a  Chronicle 
according  to  the  course  of  times,  and  when  time  shall  bee 
thought  convenient  shall  be  also  published  "  is,  unfortunately, 
lost. 

Only  seven  copies  of  the  book  can  be  traced,  and  of 
these  four  are  in  public  libraries.  One  is  in  the  Grenville 
collection,  in  the    British   Museum,  one   in   the  Bodleian 


Introductory  Note 

Library  at  Oxford,  and  one  in  the  University  of  Leyden. 
A  fourth  is  in  the  collection  formed  by  the  late  Henry 
Huth,  and  a  fifth  is,  or  was,  in  the  collection  of  the  late 
Lord  Taunton.  Two  copies  are  in  America,  one  in  the 
New  York  Public  Library,  Lenox  Collection,  and  the 
other,  the  copy  from  which  this  reprint  is  made,  in 
private  hands.  This  copy  may,  with  some  probability,  be 
called  Sir  Francis  Drake's.  It  was  sold  at  auction  in  1883 
with  other  books  from  a  library  said  to  have  been  brought 
together  by  him.  It  is  possible,  however,  that  the  collec- 
tion, as  such,  dates  no  farther  back  than  the  time  of  his 
nephew,  who  published  Sir  Francis  Drake  Revived^  in  1626. 
It  was  bought  by  the  late  Mr.  Quaritch  for  ;^300.  He 
catalogued  it  at  ;^335  and  sold  it,  probably  at  that  price,  to 
the  late  Mr.  Charles  H.  Kalbfleisch.  Since  the  death  of 
the  latter  it  passed  into  the  collection  of  Mr.  Marshall  C. 
LefFerts  and,  recently,  through  the  hands  of  two  book- 
sellers, into  the  library  of  Mr.  E.  D.  Church,  of  New 
York. 

Few  of  the  older  bibliographers  seem  to  have  known  of 
the  book  and  the  earliest  bibliographical  record  we  can  find 
of  it  is  as  Number  1345  of  Part  IX  of  the  Catalogue  of  the 
Heber  Collection.  This  ninth  part  was  sold  on  April  11, 
and  thirteen  following  days,  Sundays  excepted,  1836. 

The  book  is  described  as  "  Fine  copy,  in  russia."  In 
addition  to  the  transcription  of  the  title,  the  catalogue 
contains  this  note  : 

*^*  Excessively  rare.  It  is  not  to  be  traced  in  any  Catalogue, 
and  does  not  appear  to  be  mentioned  by  any  Bibliographer.  It  con- 
tains 24  leaves,  including  the  Title  and  Dedication  by  Rafe  Lane. 

The  volume  sold  for  £'^^  los. 

Ternaux  in  1837  entered  the  title  in  his  Bihliotheque 
Americaine^  but  does  not  say  where  he  obtained  his  informa- 
tion regarding  it. 

Payne  and  Foss,  who  prepared  the  catalogue  of  the 
Grenville  Collection  in  the  British  Museum  printed  in 
1842,  enter  it,  curiously  enough,  under  De  Bry,  instead  of 

[vi] 


Introductory  Note 

under  the  author's   name.     They   add  also  the    following 
note  : 

*<This  forms  the  first  part  of  the  Voyages  to  the  West  Indies  or 
Grands  Voyages.  Previously  to  its  being  added  to  the  Collection  it 
was  separately  printed  in  French,  and  verbatim  from  this  4to  in  Eng- 
lish, in  Latin,  and  German  by  De  Bry  at  Frankfort  in  1590,  as  here- 
after described." 

They  give  the  collation  as  "  Signatures  A  to  F  in  fours, 
twenty-four  leaves." 

Bohn,  in  his  revision  of  Lowndes'  Bibliographer'' s  Manual^ 
follows  the  Grenville  Catalogue  exactly,  and  enters  it  under 
De  Bry,  and  gives  the  same  collation.  These  authors  knew 
of  only  two  copies,  the  British  Museum  and  the  Bodleian. 
Graesse  enters  it  properly  under  Hariot,  gives  the  collation 
as  twenty-four  leaves,  and  quotes  the  Heber  Catalogue. 
He  does  not  record  any  other  copy.  None  of  these  authors 
points  out  the  fact  that  the  last  leaf  is  blank. 

Sabin  in  his  Bihliotheca  Americana^  gives  the  collation 
simply  as  "  23  leaves."  He  knew  of  three  copies,  the 
British  Museum,  Bodleian,  and  Lenox.  He  mentions 
another  copy,  however,  as  having  been  sold  in  Dublin  in 
1873  "  ^^^  ^^^  other  rare  pieces  relating  to  America,  for 
less  than  £2^/'  If  this  is  true  and  the  copy  is  still  in 
existence  it  must  make  an  eighth  copy,  unless  it  chance  that 
the  Dublin  copy  may  be  the  one  now  in  the  Huth  collection, 
which,  however,  we  think  is  the  Heber  copy.  Brunet  cites 
the  book  properly,  taking  his  title  from  the  Heber  catalogue. 

Henry  Stevens,  in  his  Recollections  of  James  Lenox^  gives 
the  following  anecdote  about  the  Lenox  copy  : 

"  Mr.  Lenox  was  principled  against  raffles,  wagers, 
lotteries,  and  games  of  chance  generally,  but  I  once  led  him 
into  a  sort  of  bet  in  this  way,  by  which  I  won  from  him 
£\.  I  had  acquired  a  fair  copy  of  that  gem  of  rare  books, 
the  quarto  edition  of  Harlot's  Briefe  and  true  report  of  the 
new  found  land  of  Virginia^  London,  Feb.  1588,  wanting 
four  leaves  in  the  body  of  the  book.  These  I  had  very 
skilfully  traced  by  Harris,  transferred  to  stone,  printed  off 

[vii] 


Introductory  Note 

on  old  paper  of  a  perfect  match,  the  book  and  these  leaves 
sized  and  coloured  alike,  and  bound  in  morocco  by  Bedford. 
The  volume  was  then  sent  to  Mr.  Lenox  to  be  examined 
by  him  de  visu^  the  price  to  be  £2S  ',  but  if  he  could  detect 
the  four  facsimile  leaves,  and  would  point  them  out  to  me 
without  error,  the  price  was  to  be  reduced  to  £21.  By  the 
first  post  after  the  book  was  received  he  remitted  me  the 
twenty  guineas,  with  a  list  of  the  facsimiles.  But  on  my 
informing  him  that  two  of  his  facsimiles  were  originals,  he 
immediately  remitted  the  four  pounds  and  acknowledged 
his  defeat." 

About  16 18  William  Strachey,  first  secretary  of  the 
Jamestown  Colony,  prepared  a  Historie  of  Travaile  into 
Virginia  Britannia^  which  existed  only  in  manuscript  until  it 
was  printed  by  the  Hakluyt  Society  in  1849.  ^^  contains 
this  reference  to  Hariot  and,  being  by  a  contemporary  of 
his,  is  worthy  of  insertion  here. 

"  Our  country  of  Virginia  hath  no  want  of  many 
marchandize  (which  we  in  England  accomplish  in  Den- 
mark, Norway,  Prusia,  Poland,  etc ;  fetch  far,  and  buy 
deare)  which  advaunce  much,  and  assured  increase,  with 
lesse  exchaung  of  our  owne,  with  as  few  hazardes  by  sea, 
and  which  would  maintaine  as  frequent  and  goodly  a  navie 
as  what  runs  the  Levant  stage  ;  and  those  by  divers  treaties, 
both  in  Lattin  and  English,  private  and  publique,  have  ben, 
in  their  particuler  names  and  values  oftentymes  expressed, 
especyally  that  which  hath  bene  published  by  that  true  lover 
of  vertue  and  great  learned  professor  of  all  arts  and  knowl- 
edges, Mr.  Hariots,  who  lyved  there  in  the  tyme  of  the  first 
colony,  spake  the  Indian  language,  searcht  the  country,  and 
made  many  proufes  of  the  richness  of  the  soyle,  and 
comoditie  there  of." 

The  first  effort  toward  actual  English  colonization  in 
America  was  the  colony  planned  by  Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert, 
under  the  Patent  granted  by  Queen  Elizabeth  on  June  nth, 
1578.  This  grant  was  for  six  years  only,  unless  a  colony 
should  be  meanwhile  founded,  in  which  case  it  was  to  be 

[  viii  ] 


Introductory  Note 

perpetual.  Two  expeditions  were  sent  out,  and  possession 
was  taken  of  a  portion  of  the  island  of  Newfoundland,  but 
no  settlement  was  established.  Gilbert  having  gone  down 
with  his  ship  on  the  return  voyage  in  1583,  his  patent  was 
regranted  to  his  half-brother  Walter  Raleigh.  This  new 
patent  was  dated  March  25th,  1584  (the  first  day  of  the 
new  year),  and  was  also  limited  to  six  years.  It  gave  him 
license  "to  discover,  search,  find  out,  and  view  such 
remote,  heathen  and  barbarous  lands,  countries,  and  terri- 
tories, not  actually  possessed  of  any  Christian  prince,  nor 
inhabited  by  Christian  people,  as  to  him,  his  heires  and 
assignes,  and  to  every  or  any  of  them  shall  seeme  good," 
etc. 

Two  ships  were  at  once  fitted  out  and  the  expedition, 
under  the  command  of  Philip  Amadas  and  Arthur  Barlow, 
sailed  on  April  27th,  1584.  They  reached  the  coast  of 
Carolina  in  July,  made  some  superficial  examinations  and 
returned  to  England  in  September.  They  "  brought  home 
also  two  of  the  Savages  being  lustie  men,  whose  names 
were  Wanchese  and  Manteo." 

The  report  of  this  first  tentative  expedition  being  favor- 
able, Raleigh  made  preparations  to  found  a  Colony  in  the 
newly  discovered  region.  On  April  9th,  1585,  seven 
vessels  sailed  from  Plymouth  under  the  command  of  Sir 
Richard  Grenville.  They  arrived  safely  at  the  island  of 
Roanoke,  at  the  north  end  of  Pamlico  Sound,  where 
Amadas  and  Barlow  had  been  the  year  before,  on  June 
26th.  The  two  Indians,  who  had  learned  the  white 
man's  language,  during  their  stay  in  England,  were  very 
helpful  to  the  English  in  treating  with  the  natives.  Gren- 
ville himself  stayed  just  two  months  and  then  returned  to 
England,  leaving  a  colony  of  one  hundred  and  eight  men, 
all  of  whose  names  are  set  down  by  Hakluyt,  under  the 
governorship  of  Ralph  Lane. 

This    expedition    was   well  fitted   out,   and   among    the  ^^ 
colonists  were  included  several  specialists.     Thomas  Hariot,  jV 
who   had   already  acquired   fame  as  a  mathematician,  was  r 

[ix] 


Introductory  Note 

surveyor  and  historiographer/  John  White,  whose  name  is 
apparently  corrupted  in  Hak1uyt*s  list,  into  John  Twit,  was 
the  artist  of  the  expedition,  and  his  portfolio  of  drawings  is 
now  in  the  British  Museum.  There  was  also  a  "  mineral- 
man,"  or  geologist,  though  he   seems  to  be  unidentified. 

This  "  first  colonie  "  remained  on  the  island  of  Roanoke 
and  in  the  vicinity  for  almost  an  entire  year,  hearing  mean- 
while nothing  from  home.  On  the  7th  of  June,  1586, 
a  fleet  of  twenty-three  sail  was  sighted  off  the  coast.  At 
first  it  was  feared  that  they  were  Spaniards,  but  happily  it 
turned  out  the  next  day  that  it  was  the  fleet  of  Sir  Francis 
Drake,  returning  victorious  from  the  sacking  of  rich  cities 
of  the  Spanish  colonies.  He  had  run  up  to  see  how  the 
Virginian  Colony  of  his  friend  Raleigh  was  prospering.  He 
offered  to  supply  them  with  provisions,  take  home  their 
sick,  and  leave  "  oare-men,  artificers  and  others  "  in  their 
place,  as  well  as  leaving  them  a  ship  with  sailing  masters 
competent  to  navigate  her  home,  also  "a  supply  of  calievers, 
hand  weapons,  match  and  lead,  tooles,  apparell,  and  such 
like."  While  these  arrangements  were  being  made  a  Cape 
Hatteras  storm  came  on  and  continued  four  days,  doing 
more  damage  to  Drake's  fleet  "than  all  his  former  most 
honourable  actions  against  the  Spaniards."  The  colonists 
considered  this  storm  as  the  judgment  of  God  that  they 
should  return  at  once  to  England,  and  it  was  so  decided. 
\The  weather  was  still  rough  and  in  transferring  their  goods 
to  the  ships  of  the  fleet  the  boats  ran  aground  and  the 
sailors  cast  overboard  "  all  their  Cards,  Books  and  writ- 
■  >  ( ings."  Notwithstanding  this  statement  Hariot's  diary  must 
)have  been  preserved,  and  John  White's  drawings  are  still  in 
^existence.  The  one  hundred  and  four  members  of  the 
colony,  for  Hariot  says  that  only  four  "  died  all  the  yeere," 
were  distributed  among  the  ships  of  the  fleet  which  set  sail 
on  the  19th  of  June  (being  just  a  year,  lacking  one  week, 
since  their  arrival),  and  reached  England  the  latter  part  of 
July,  1585. 

The  account  of  Raleigh's  subsequent  eflForts  to  found  a 


Introductory  Note 

colony  on  the  coast  of  North  Carolina,  of  the  fifteen  men 
left  by  Sir  Richard  Grenville  in  1586,  when  he  arrived  with 
supplies  and  found  the  colonists  gone,  and  of  the  "  second 
colonic"  of  one  hundred  and  nineteen,  left  in  1587  and  all 
lost,  may  be  found  in  Hakluyt,  and,  copied  from  him,  in 
many   more  recent  books. 

Raleigh's  original  Charter  would  have  expired  by  limi- 
tation on  the  24th  of  March,  1590.  He  had,  however, 
been  obliged  to  raise  money  to  fit  out  White's  expedition 
of  1589  by  selling  stock  in  his  company.  That  "Assign- 
ment of  Rights"  is  dated  March  7,  1589.  AVe  may  there- 
fore suppose,  with  reason,  that  this  Report  of  Harlot's  was 
written  and  printed  for  Raleigh  to  distribute  among  the 
friends  from  whom  he  sought  aid  in  carrying  out  his  schemes 
of  western  planting.  The  book  was  evidently  privately 
printed,  as  it  bears  no  name  of  printer  or  publisher,  and 
was  not  entered  at  Stationers'  Hall.  It  is,  as  will  be  seen,  X 
dated  "February,  1588,"  at  the  end.  This,  according  to 
our  present  reckoning,  would  be  1589,  and,  as  the  new 
year  then  began  on  March  25th,  and  as  the  title  is  also 
dated  1588,  we  may  presume  that  the  book  was  printed  and 
ready  for  distribution  in  the  early  part  of  1589,  perhaps  as 
early  as  the  first  of  March. 

A  word  as  to  Hariot,  the  author  of  the  book,  himself. 
He  was  born  at  Oxford  in  1560,  and  was  thus  only  25 
years  of  age  when  he  came  to  Virginia.  He  graduated  from 
Oxford  February  12,  1580,  and  was  almost  immediately 
employed  by  Raleigh  as  a  tutor,  having  been  recommended 
on  account  of  his  expert  knowledge  of  mathematics.  He 
continued  to  be  Raleigh's  best  friend  until  Raleigh's  death 
on  the  scaffold  in  1618.  He  made  the  "last  great  dis- 
covery in  the  pure  science  of  algebra "  by  arriving  at  a 
theory  of  the  genesis  of  equations,  and  he  shares  with 
Galileo  the  honor  of  inventing  the  telescope  (called  by 
Hariot  the  "  perspective  truncke  "),  and  of  making  impor- 
tant discoveries  with  that  instrument. 

He   died  July  2,  1621,  of  cancer  of  the  nose,  the  case, 

[xi] 


Introductory  Note 

an  important  one,  being  described  in  the  records,  and  was 
buried  in  the  churchyard  of  St.  Christopher,  in  London. 
A  marble  monument  was  erected  over  his  grave  by  his 
friend,  the  Earl  of  Northumberland,  the  inscription  on 
which  has  been  preserved  in  Stow's  Survey  of  London. 
Church  and  monument  were  destroyed  in  the  Great  Fire  in 
1666.  The  church  was  rebuilt  by  Sir  Christopher  Wren, 
but  the  monument  was  not  restored.  The  old  churchyard 
of  St.  Christopher  is  now  the  "  Garden  of  the  Bank  of 
England,"  and  there,  in  "  the  lovliest  spot  in  all  London," 
repose  the  bones  of  Virginia's  first  historian. 

A  second  edition  of  the  Brief  Report^  published  in  1590, 
by  Theodore  De  Bry,  of  Frankfort-on-the-Main,  forms 
the  first  part  of  that  eminent  publisher's  great  series  of  voy- 
ages. It  was  printed  in  four  languages,  English,  French, 
German,  and  Latin,  and  was  illustrated  with  a  map  and  a  series 
of  22  plates  engraved  by  De  Bry,  "  the  most  diligentlye 
and  well  that  wear  in  my  possible  to  doe,"  he  says,  after 
the  original  water-colors  made  in  Virginia  by  Hariot's  com- 
panion, John  White,  afore-mentioned.  This  magnificent 
folio  was  dedicated  to  Raleigh  and  contains,  in  addition  to 
Hariot's  Report  and  White's  illustrations,  descriptions  of 
the  plates,  apparently  by  White  himself,  but  "  ti:anslated  out 
of  Latin  into  English  by  Richard  Hackluit."  By  whom 
the  book  was  translated  into  German  does  not  appear. 
Perhaps  it  was  done  by  De  Bry  himself.  He  says  that  he 
"  caused  yt  to  bee  Reduced  into  verye  Good  Frenche  and 
Latin  by  the  aid  of  verye  worshipfull  frend  of  myne." 
From  the  fact  that  the  Dedication  of  the  edition,  with 
French  text  is  dated  March  24,  1590,  while  that  in  the 
English  and  Latin  editions  is  April  i,  and  of  the  German 
edition  April  3,  it  is  possible  that  the  French  edition  was 
first  issued. 

Another  German  translation  forms  the  second  part  of  a 
volume  prepared  for  the  press  by  Dr.  Matthew  Dresser,  and 
published  in  Leipzig  in  1598,  with  the  title  : 

"  Historien   vnd   Bericht,/    Von   dem  Newlicher/    Zeit 

[xii] 


Introductory  Note 

erfundenen  Konigriech  China,/  wie  es  nach  vmbsienden, 
so  zu  einer  rechtmessigen  /  Beschreibung  gohoren,  darumb/ 
beschafFen.  /  Item,  Von  dem  auch  new  erfundenen/  Lande 
Virginia./  "  Etc. 

The  only  adequate  account  of  Hariot,  especially  of  his 
lifelong  connection  with  Raleigh,  is  the  Life  by  the  late 
Henry  Stevens,  printed  in  1885,  but  not  published  until 
1900.  A  great  quantity  of  his  manuscript,  mostly  mathe- 
matical in  character,  is  preserved  in  the  British  Museum. 

L.  S.  L. 


[  xiii  ] 


^  A  briefe  and  true  re- 

port  of  the  new  foundJand  of  Virginia:  of 

the  commodities  there  found  and  to  ho  rajfed^  as  wdtmar^ 
cfiantabfejas^others  {brvi<auall3l)iiildingand[  otFicr  nccefla* 
rh  'iJ'ferfor  thofe  that  are  and  fbalhe  the  planters  there\  and  cfthe  tin» 
iure  and  manners  of  the  naturall  inhabitants :  Difcoucrecf  by  ibc 
EnghlhX:olo7y  there fmed  bj  Sir-  Richard  Grcinuilc  Kmght  Wthe 

yccfc  If  8y.  whtctireftiamccTvndertliegouernmentorRafc  llanq  Efqui- 

cTt  one  of  her  MalcpUKB^^CYtlSy  during  tbefpacedfitfititeimnethet  :ai 

the  {peciall  charge  an^diredlonortTieTIonounible  SIR 

WALTEH  ft  A  tElGH  Knight,  Lord  Warden  of 

die  ftanaericsjiivho thcrem IiatRbeehQ fauou» 

tedandaiichonfedtiy  tier  MoTefiicand 

Thcrlcttcrs  patenta 

Directed  to  the  Aduenturers.Fauourers, 

andWelwdlersoftheaBtonj^for'  the'tnhaht^ 
tmg  and  planting  there: 

By  Thomas  Har4ot^  fcruant  to  the  aboucnamcd 

Siirff^aUer^ajnembcrofthe  Cdmjj^^i 

there  imflojfJLin  Sj^meving^ 


Tniprintecl  at  London  15  8  8. 


UNIVERSITY 


^  Rafe  Lane  one  of  her  Maiefties 

Squkres  andGouernourofthe  (polony  in  F/r- 
ginia  aboue  mentioned  for  the  time  tterc 

rejtdent.  To  the  gentle  Reader ^fJbcthaH 
hafpmes  h  the  Lord. 


Lbeit  (Gmtle  Reader)  the 
credite  of  the  reports  in  this 
treatife  contained,  canlittk 
he  furthered  by  the  tefiimo-^ 
me  of  one  as  myfelfe,  through 
affeSiion  iudged  farttaU^ 
^  though  mthout  defert^'Ne-- 
uerthelejjeforjomuch  as  Ihaue  beene  requefted  byfomc 
my  particular  fiendsy  who  conceiue  more  rightly  of 
mejto  deliuer  freely  my  hri(rwledge  ofthefamei  not  onely 
forthejatisfyingofthemybuta^for  the  true  enforma^ 
tionof ante  other  whofoeueTythut  comes  notmthapre^ 
indicate  minde  to  the  reading  thereof:  Thus  much  vpon 
my  credit  famtoaffirme:  fhat  thingsvniuerftlly  are 
fo  traelyfet  downe  in  this  treat ije  by  the  author  therof 
anAUorintheQclony^amar^noUffeforhis  honejly 

t4z  then 


thnlearnmgc0mmendahle:as  that  J darehoUely  Or 

uomhitmayyeryrffelljaJfemththecTCcl&t  oftruthe^ 

uen  amongfithefnofitrueretatiosofthisi^JVhichds 

fir  mine  mm  fart  lam  readieanywayypitb  mjt  ward 

toackncrppledgeyfialfo  (ofthecertaintietheftofaffured 

hy  tmne  cmme  experience)  with  this  myfub^ 

bks  affertton^  I  dae  affirme  the  fame. 

FarewellintheLarde^ 


<^  TotheAduenturers,Fauourers, 

andWdwillersoftheenterpripforthemha'- 

biting  andfUnting  in  Virginia. 


^/^\  Ince  thefirft  vndertaklng  by 
Sir  Walter  Raleigh  to  dealc 
in  the  aftion  of  difcoucring 
of  that  Countrcy  which  is 
now  called  and  known  by  the 
mmtoi f^irgini4'i  many  voy- 
ages hauing  bin  thither  made 
atfimdrie  times  to  his  greac 
charge;  as  firft  in  the  yeero 
1.584,  and  afterwardes  in  the  yeeres  1585,  ,158^, and 
now  oflare  this  laftyeareof  1587:  There  bauebindi-* 
ncrs  and  variable  reportcs  with  fomc  flaundetous  and 
fhamefull  Speeches  bruited  abroadeby  many  that  rewri 
ncd  from  thence »  Especially  of  that  difcoucry  which 
was  made  by  the  Colony  tranfported  by  Sir'  Richard 
GremuJIe  inthe  ycare  1585,  being  of  all  the  others  the 
moftprincfpal  and  as  yet  of  moft  effedl^the  time  of  their 
abode  m  the  countrey  beeing  a  wboley eare,  when  as  in 
the  other  voyage  before  they  ftaied  but  fixe  wcekes;  and 
the  others  after  were  onelie  for  fupply  andtranfpdrta- 
tion  J  nothingmore  being  difcoucred  then  had  been  be- 
fore, Whichreports  hauenotdonealitlewrotigtoma- 


eAhriefeanitrue  report 

ny  that  othcnvife  would  hauc  alfo  fauourcd  &  aducntil- 
red  in  the  aftian,  to  the  honour  and  benefice  ofounu-, 
tion,  befides  the  particular  profice  and  creditc  which 
would  redound  to  themfelues  the  dealers  therein;  as  I 
hope  by  the  fequele  of  cucnts  to  the  fhame  of  thofe  that 
haue  auouched  the  contrary  fhalbe  manifcft :  ify  ou  the 
aducnturers/auourcrSjand  vvelwillersdo  but  cither  en* 
creafe  in  nunaber,or  in  opinion  continue,  or  hauingbia 
doubcfull  renewe  your  good  liking  and  furtherance  to 
deale  therein  according  to  the  worthinefle  thereof  al- 
ready c  found  and  as  you  fhall  vnderftand  hcrcaker  to 
be  requifice.  Touching  whic  h  woorthines  ^ough 
caufc  of  the  diuerfitie  ot  relations  and  rcportcs^ma- 
nye  of  your  opinions  coulde  not  bee  firmc ,  northc 
mindes  of  fome  that  are  well  difpofed^bec  fetledina* 
oycertaintie, 

I  hauc  therefore  thought  it  good  bccing  one 
rfiat  haue  beenc  in  the  difcouerie  and  in  dealing  with 
the  naturall  inhabitantes  fpecially  imploied  5  andba- 
uing  therefore  fecne  and  knowne  more  then  the  or- 
dinarie:  to  imparte  fo  much  vnto  you  of  the  fruitcs 
of  our  labours  ,  as  that  you  may  knowe  howc  iniuii- 
oufly  the  entcrprifeis  (laundered  •  And  that  in  pub- 
like manner  at  this  prefcntchicfelie  for  two  rcfpeiles, 
Firft  thatfome  of  you  which  are  yet  ignorant  or 
doubtfuU  of  the  ftate  thereof,  may  fee  that  there  is 
fufficient  caule  why  the  cheefe  enterprifcr  with  the 
fauour  of  her  Maieftie  ,  notwithftanding  fuchc  re- 
portes;  hath  not  onclic  fince  continued  theaflion  by 
fending  into  the  countrey  againe,  and  replanting  this 
laft  ycere  a  new  Colony,  but  is  alfo  readie,  according  as 
the  times  and  mcancs  will  affoordc,  to  follow  and  pro- 
fccute  the  fame* 

Second- 


of  the  newfound  tandof  Virginia. 

Secondly  3  that  you  Teeing  and  knowing  the  continu- 
ance of  the  aftion  by  the  view  hereof  you  may  generally 
know  &  learnc  what  the  countrey  is,  &  thervpon  confi- 
der  how  your  dealing  therein  if  it  proceedc,  may  retumc 
you  profit  and  gainej  bee  it  cither  by  inhabiting  &  plan- 
ting or  otherwise  in  furthering  thereof, 

And  Icaft  that  the  fubltance  of  my  relation  (houW  be 
doubtfid  vnto  you^as  of  others  by  reafon  of  their  diuerfi- 
tic :  I  will  firft  open  the  caufe  in  a  few  wordes  wherefore 
they  are  fodifferentj  referring  my  felfe  to  your  fauoura- 
b!e  conftruSions^and  to  be  adiudged  of  as  by  good  con-» 
fideration  you  fhall  finde  caufc» 

Of  our  companie  that  returned  fomc  for  their  mifde- 
menour  and  ill  dealing  in  the  countrey  ,  haue  beenc 
there  worthily  punifheds  who  by  reafon  of  their  baddc 
naturcs^,  haue  malicioufly  not  onelic  fpoken  ill  of 
their  Gouernours;  but  for  their  fakes  {laundered  the 
countrie  it  felfe.  The  like  alfo  haucthofe  doncwhich 
were  of  their  confort. 

Somebceing  ignorant  of  the  ftatcthercof^notwith- 
ftanding  fince  their  ret ume  amongeft  their  friendes  and 
acquaintance  and  alfo  others,  cfpecially  if  they  were  in 
companie  where  they  might  not  be  gainefaide;  wouldc 
fcemctoknowe  fo  much  as  no  men  more;  and  make 
no  men  fo  great  trauailers  as  themfclues  •  They  flood 
fomuch  as  it  maie  feemc  vppon  their  creditc  and  re- 
putation thathauing  been  a  twelue  moneth  in  the  coun- 
trey ^it  wouldehaue  beene  a  great  difgrace  vnto  them  as 
they  thought,  iftheycouldenot  haueiaidcmuchwhe- 
therit  werctrueorfaUe.Ofwhichfomehaue  (pokcn  of 
wore  then  euer  they  faw  or  othcrwife  knew  to  bee  ther^ 
otherfome  haue  not  bin  afhamed to  make  abfolute  deni- 
allof  that  which  although  notby  them^  yet  by  others 

A4  i& 


^briefe  and  true  rcpon 

is  nioft  ccrtaindy  and  there  plentifully  knowne.  And  o- 
therfomc  make  difficulties  of  thofe  things  they  hauc  ng 
ftillof. 

The  caufe  of  their  ignorance  was^in  that  they  were  of 
that  many  that  were  neucroutof  the  Hand  where  wee 
wcrefcated.ornotfarre^oratthe  ieaftwifein  few  places 
els, during  the  timeof  ouraboadein  thecountreyjorof 
that  many  that  after  goldc  and  filuer  was  not  fo  foonc 
found,  as  it  was  by  them  looked  for,  had  little  or  no  care 
of  any  other  thing  but  to  pamper  their  bellies,  or  of  that 
many  which  had  little  vnderftandingjiefle  difcretion, 
and  more  tongue  then  was  ncedfullor  requifitc. 

Some  alfo  were  of  a  nice  bringing  vp,onIy  in  cities  ot 
towncs,  or  fiich  as  neuer^asl  may^fay;  had  feenethc 
world  before.  Becaufe  there  were  not  to  bee  found  any 
Englifh  cities,  nor fuch  faire  hou(cs,nor  at  their  ownc 
wifh  any  of  their  olde  accuftomed  daintie  food,  nor  any 
foft  beds  of  downc  or  fethers;  the  countrey  was  to  them 
miferable,&  their  reports  thereof  according. 

Becaufe  my  purpofe  was  but  in  briefe  tp  open  the 
caufe  of  the  varietie  of fucb  fpeeches^  the  partixrularities 
of  them,andof  many  enuious,  malicious,  and  flaunde- 
rous  reports  and  deuifesds  3  by  our  ownc  countrey  mea' 
befides;  as  trifles  that  are  not  worthy  of  wife  men  to  bcc 
thought  vpon,  I  meanc  not  to  trouble  youwidiall :  but 
willpafle  to  the  commodities ,  the  (iibftancc  of  that 
which  Ihaue  to  make  relation  of  vntoyou. 

The  treatife  whereof  for  your  more  readie  view  &  ear 
/fcrvnderftandinglwilldiuidc  into  three  (peciall  parts. 
In  the  firfl:  I  will  make  declaration  of  fucb  commodities 
there  alrcadie  found  or  to  be  raifcd,  which  will  not  onely 
fcruethe  ordinary  turnes  of  you  which  arc  and  (hall  bee 
the  planters  and  inhabitants,  butfuchanoucrplus  fuffi- 

ciently 


of  the  new  found  land  of Virgima. 

cicntly  to  bee  yclded ,  or  by  men  of  skill  to  bcc  prouidcd^ 
as  by  way  of  trafficke  and  exchaungc  with  our  ownc  na- 
tion of  England,  will  enrich  your  lelucs  the  prouidcrs; 
thofc  that  (lial  deal  with  you;  the  entcrprifers  in  general; 
and  greatly  profit  our  owne  counircy  mcn^to  fupply  the 
with  moft  things  which  heretofore  they  haue  bene  fainc 
to  prouidceitherofftrangers  or  of  our  enemies  :  which 
commodities  for  diftinftion  fake,  I  c^XiMerchantabU. 

In  the  fecondjlwill  fetdowne  all  the  commodities 
which  wee  know  the  countrcy  by  out  experience  doeth 
yeldof  it  fclfcfor  viftualljandluftcnancc  of  mans  life; 
fuch  as  is  vfually  fed  vpo  by  the  inhabitants  of  the  coua- 
trcyj  as  alfo  by  vs  during  the  time  we  were  there. 

In  the  laft  part  I  will  make  mention  generally  of  fuch 
other  commodities  befidesjas  I  am  able  to  remember, 
and  as  I  fhall  thinkc  behoofull  for  thofe  that  (hall  inha- 
bite^and  plant  there  to  knoweof,  which  fpecially  con* 
ccrnc  building,  as  alfo  fome  other  neceffary  vfes :  with  a 
briefedefcriptionofthe  nature  and  mancrs  of  the  peo- 
ple of  the  countrcy. 

The  firftpart  of  Marchantable 

commodities. 

like  ofgrajfe  orgrajfe  Silks.  Thcrc  is  a  kind  of 
grafle  in  the  countrey  vppon  the  blades 
whereof  there  growcth  very  good  filkein 
forme  of  a  thin  glittering  fkin  to  bee  ftript 
of  It  growcth  two  foote  and  a  halfc  high  or 
better :  the  blades  arc  about  two  foot  in  length,  and  half 
inch  broad.  The  like  growcth  in  Pcrfia,  which  is  in  the 
felfe  fame  climate  as  K^^-^/W^jof  which  very  many  of  the 


Abrtefcani  true  report 

filkc  worses  that  come  from  thence  into  Europe  are 
made,  Hereofifit  be  planted  and  ordered  as  inPerfia^k 
cannot  in  reafon  be  otherwifc,  but  that  there  wUi  rife  in 
(horte  time  great  profitc  to  the  dealers  therein^  feeing 
there  is  (b  great  vfc  and  vent  thereof  as  wellin  our  coun- 
trey  as  els  where.  And  by  the  meanes  of  fowing  &  plan- 
ting it  in  good  ground^it  will  be  farre  greater  ,better,and 
more  plentiful!  then  it  is.  Although  notwithftanding 
there  isgreat  ftore  thereof  in  many  places  of  the  coun- 
trey  growing  naturally  andwilde.  Which  alfo  by  proof 
here  in  England^in  making  a  piece  of  filke  Grogran,  wc 
found  to  be  excellent  good. 

worme  Silks  •*  I"  maiiie  of  our  iourneyes  we  found  filkc 
wormes  fayre  and  greats  as  biggeas  our  ordinary  wal- 
nuttes.  Although  ithathnotbecneour  happe  to  hauc 
found  fuch  plentie  as  elfewhere  to  be  in  the  countrey  wc 
haue  heard  of;  yet  feeing  that  the  countrey  doth  natural^ 
ly  twreede  and  nourifh  them,there  is  no  doubt  but  if  art  be 
added  in  planting  of  mulbery  trees  and  others  fittc  for 
them  in  commodious  placcs/or  their  feeding  and  nott- 
riftiings  and  (bmeof  them  carefully  gathered  and  buC- 
banded  in  that  fort  as  by  men  of  skill  is  knowne  to  be  ne- 
ceffaric :  there  will  rife  as  great  profite  in  time  to  the  Vir^ 
gimans^  as  thereof  doth  now  to  the  Perfians^Turkes  Jta- 
lians  and  Spaniards. 

Flaxeand  Hempe:  Tlic  trueth  IS  that  of  Hempe  and 
Flaxe  there  isaao  great  ftore  in  any  one  place  together, 
ty  reafon  it  is  not  planted  but  as  the  foile  doth  yeeld  it  of 
itfelfesandhowfoeuer  the  leafcjand  ftemme  or  ftalkc 
doe  differ  from  ours-,  the  ftuffe  by  the  iudgemct'  of  mca 
of  skill  is  altogether  as  good  as  ours,  Andif  notjasfuc* 
thcrproofefliould  finde  otherwifcj  we  haue  that  cxpc- 
nenccofthefoile^  as  that  there  cannot  bee  (hewed  anic 

reafoa 


of  the  neipofoHndUndofVirgmia. 

rcafbn  to  the  contrary,but  that  it  will  grow  there  excels 
lent  well,  and  by  planting  will  be  yceldcd  plentifully  :fec- 
ing  there  is  fo  muchgroundwhercof  fojmemay  wellbc 
applycdtofiichpurpofes.  What  benefite  hcereof  may 
growe  in  cordage  and  linnens  who  can  not  eafily  vn- 
derftand? 

AllHmiVcitxtxs  amncof  earth  along  the  lea  coaft 
for  the  fpace  of  fourtie  or  fiftie  miles,  whereof  by  the 
iudgementof  fomethat  haue  made  triall  hecre  in  En- 
gland, is  made  good  ^/////»,ofthajtkindc  which  is  called 
Roche  AlUm.  The  richneffeof  fuch  a  commoditie  rs  fo 
welllcnowne  that  I  needenottofayeany  thing  thereofl 
The  fame  earth  doth  alfbyeelde  white  Coprejfe,  Nitrum^ 
and  Alumenfltimeur/iy  but  nothing  fo  plentifully  as  the 
common  AUum^  which  be  alfo  of  price  and  profitable. 
mnpeih^z  kinde  of  earth  fo  called  by  the  naturallin- 
habitantss  very  like  to  terra  SigHiata:  and  hauing  beenc 
refined,  it  hath  beene  found  by  fome  of  our  Phifitions 
and  C  hirurgeons  to  bee  of  the  (ame  kinde  of  vertue  and 
more  effcftuall.The  inhabitants  vfe  it  very  much  for  the 
cure  of  fores  and  woundes:  there  is  in  diucrs  places  great 
plentic,  and  in  fome  places  of  a  ble  weibrt. 

Pitchy  Tarrffy  Roz^en^  and  Turfejjtine :  There  are  thofc 
lindes  of  trees  which  yeelde  them  abundantly  and  great 
ftorc.  In  the  very  fame  Hand  where  v/ee  were  feated,  be- 
ing fifteene  miles  of  length,  and  fiue  or  fixe  miles  in 
breadth,  there  are  fewe  trees  els  but  of  the  famekindi  the 
whole  Uand  being  fuH, 

Safafras^c^t^hythtmh^k^mtswinduk^  a  kindeof 
woodof  moft  plcafant  and  fweete  fmelj  and  of  moft  rare 
vertuesin  phifickfor  the  cure  of  many  difeafes.It  is  foud 
byexperiencetobee  farre  better  andof  more  vfes  theft 
the  wood  which  is  called  Cuaiacfim^  or  hiptm  t/Zw*  For 

B 1.  the 


A  briefe  and  true  report 

the  defcription,  the  manner  of  vfingandthc  manifoldc 
vcrtiics  thereof,  I  referreyou  to  the  bookc  o{  Movur^ 
4»A,  tranflatcd  and  entituled  in  Englifh^r^tf  ioyftiUneves 
Jrom  the  fVefi  IncUes^ 

Cedary^\ety  fwcetwood  &  fine  timber;  wherof if ncfts 
of  cherts  be  there  made,or  timber  therof  fitted  for  fweet 
&  fine  bedfteads,  tables^deskesjutes,  virginalles  &  ma- 
ny things  elfe^Cof  which  there  hath  beenc  proofe  made 
already  y)to  make  vp  firaite  with  other  principal  commo- 
dities will  y  eeld  profite. 

Af^^:There  are  two  kinds  of  grapes  that  the  foile  doth 
yeeid  naturally:  the  one  is  fmall  and  fowre  of  the  ordina- 
rie  bignelTe  as  ours  in  England.-  the  other  farre  greater  & 
ofbimfelfe  lufhiousAvect.  When  they  are  planted  and 
husbatided  as  theyought^aprincipall  commoditie  o£ 
wines  by  them  may  beraifed. 

0^/ff'  There  are  two  fortes  of  ;^^/»////<?i  both  holding 
oyle,  but  the  one  farre  more  plentiful!  then  the  other. 
\Vhen  there  are  milles  &  other  dcuifes  for  the  purpofe, 
a  commodity  of  them  may  beraifed  becaufe  there  are 
infinite  ftorc.  There  arc  alfo  three  feuerall  kindes  of 
ferries  in  the  forme  of  Oke  akornes ,  which  alfo  by 
the  experience  and  vfe  of  the  inhabitantes,  wee  finde  to 
yeelde  very  good  and  fweete  oyle,  Furthermote  the 
Bearesoimc  countrcy  are  commonly  very  fattc,  and  in 
fome  places  there  are  many:  their  fatneffe  becaufe  it  is  fo 
liquid  J  may  well  be  termed  oyle,  and  hath  many  fpeciall 
vfcs. 

Furres  i  All  along  the  Sea  coafl:  there  are  great  ftorc 
of  Oners  ^  which  beey  ng  taken  by  weares  and  otheren- 
gines  made  for  the  purpofe  ^  will  yeelde  good  profite. 
Wee  hope  d\{oo{Marter»e  fttrus^  and  make  no  doubt 
by  the  relaiion  of  the  people  but  that  in  fome  places 

of 


».  n  r 


oft  he  newfound landofyirginia. 

of  the  countrcy  there  arc  ftorc  :  although  there  were 
but  two  fkinnes  that  came  to  our  handes  .  Luzutmrr 
alfo  we  haue  vnderftanding  of^lthough  for  ihetime  w  c 
few  none. 

Dearcjkint7ef  drcffed  after  the  manner  oichamoes  or 
vndrefled  aretobehadofthenaturall  inhabitants  thou- 
fands  yeerely  by  way  of  trafficke  for  trifles:  and  no  more 
waft  or  fpoyle  of  Deare  then  is  and  hath  beene  ordinari- 
ly in  time  before. 

CiHct  cartes :  In  our  trauailes,  there  was  founde  one  to 
haue  beene  killed  by  a  faluage  or  inhabitant:  and  in  an  o- 
ther  place  the  fmcD  where  one  or  more  had  lately  beene 
before :  whereby  we  gatficr  befides  then  by  the  relation 
ofthe  people  that  there  are  fome  in  the  coutitrey :  good 
profite  will  rife  by  them. 

Iron  :  In  two  places  of  the  countrey  fpecially,  one 
about  fourefcore  and  the^  other  fixe  fcqre  mjes  from, 
the  Fort  orplace  where  vvee  dwelt ;  wee  founBe  neerc 
the  water  fide  the  ground  to  be  rockie,which  by  the  tri. 
all  of  ^  n]iilierall  man  y  was  founde  to  holde  yron 
richly.  It  is  founde  in  manie  places  ofthe  countrey 
clfe .  I  knowe  nothing  to  the  contrarie,  but  that  it 
maie  bee  allowed  for  a  good  march^table  commo- 
ditic  y  confidering  there  the  fmall  charge  for  the  la- 
bour and  feeding  of  men :  the  infinite  ftpre  of  wood: 
the  want  of  wood  and  deerenelle  thereof  in  England ;  & 
the  neceflity  of  ballaftingof  ftiippes, 

C(?;/f^r:  A  hundred  and  fifue  miles  into  themaine  in 
twotownes  wee  founde  with  the  inhabitaunts  diuerfe 
fmall  plates  of  copper,  that  had  beene  made  as  wee  vn- 
derftood ,  by  the  inhabitantes  that  dwell  fanher  into 
the  countrey  :  where  as  they  fay  arcmountaines  and 

B'3,  riuers 


A  briefe  and  true  report 

Riiicrs  that  yccldc  alfo  wbytc  grayncs  of  Mcttall , 
which  h  to  bee  deemed  Siher.  For  confirmation  where- 
of at  die  time  of  oUr  firft  arriuall  in  rhc  Countrey  ^  I 
favve  withfbmc  others  with  mec,  twofmall  pceces  of 
iiluer  grofly  beaten  about  the  weight  of  a  Teilrone, 
hangyng  in  the  eares  of  a  wiroans  or  chefe  Lorde  that 
dwelt  about  fourefcorc  myles  from  vs;  of  whom  tho- 
rowc  enquiry 5 by  the  number  of  dayes  and  the  way,  I 
learned  that  it  had  come  to  his  handes  from  the  fame 
place  or  neere,  where  I  after  vnderftood  the  copper  was 
made  and  the  white  graynes  of  mettall  founde.  The 
aforefaide  copper  wee  alio  founde  by  triallto  holde  fiU 
oer. 

Vearle :  Sometimes  in  feeding  on  mufcles  wee  founde 
fomepearlejbut  it  was  our  hap  to  meete  with  ragges, 
or  of  a  pide  colour,  not  hauing  yet  dilcouercd  thofe 
places  where  wee  hearde  of  better  and  more  plentie. 
One  of  our  companies  a  man  of  skill  in  fuch 'matters, 
had  gathered  together  from  among  the  fauage  peo- 
ple aboute^fiue  thoulande:  of  which  number  lie  chofc 
\o  many  as  made  a  fayre  chaine,  which  for  their  lilce- 
neffe  and  vniformitie  in  roundncfle,  orientnejOTe ,  and 
pidcneffeof  many  excellent  colours,  with  ecpialitie  in 
greatneilc  5  were  verie  fayre  and  rare  j  and  had  there- 
fore bccne  prefcnted  to  her  Maicftie,  had  wee  not  by 
cafualtie  and  through  extremity  ofaftorme,  loft  therri 
with  many  things  els  in  comming  away  from  the  coun- 
trey. 

Sxceetf  Gummes  of  diucrs  kindesand  many  other  A- 
pothecary  drugges  of  which  wee  will  make  fpeciall 
mention  ,  when  wee  fiiall  receiue  it  from  fiich  men 
of  skill  m  that  kyndj  that  in  taking  rcafonable  painesi 

fhall 


oft  he  nerfifoundUndof Virginia. 
fliall  difcoucr  them  more  particularly  then  tvcc  hauc 
done;  and  than  now  I  can  make  relation  of,  for  want 
of  the  examples  I  had  prouided  and  gathered,  and  are 
nowc  loft,  with  other  thinges  by  caufualtic  before  men- 
tioned. 

Dyes  of  diners  ki»des  :  TllCre  h  Shoemaks    well  kno- 
wen,  and  vfed  in  England  for  blacke  s  the  fcede  of  an 
hearbe  called  a^^w^^oW^  little  fmall  rootes  called  Chap^ 
facfor*^  and  the  barke  of  the  tree  called  by  the  inhabi-. 
taunts  T^ngomockommdgti  :  which  Dies  are  for  diners 
fones  of  red  :  their  goodnefle  for  our  Englifh  clothes 
remayne  yet  to  be  proued.   The  inhabitants  vfethein 
oncly  for  the  dying  of  hayre  ^  and  colouring  of  their 
faces,  and  Mantles  made  of  Deare  skinnes  5  and  alfo 
for  the  dying  of  Rufhcs  to  make  artificiall  workes  with- 
all  in  their  iVlattes  and  Baskette^;  hauing  no  other 
thing  bcfides  that  they  account  of,  apt  to  vfe  them 
for.   If  they  will  not  proue  merchantable  there  is  no 
dogbt  but  the  Planters  there  fhall  finde  apte  v(cs  for 
them,  as  alfo  for  other  colours  which  wee  knowe  to  be 
there. 

0^^(fS  a  thing  of  fo  great  vent  and  vfe  araongftEng. 
lifh  DierSj  which  cannot  bee  yeelded  fufficiently  in  our 
owne  countrey  for  fpare  of  grounds  may  bee  planted  in 
rtrgmiaythtve  being  ground  enough.  The  grouth  iherof 
need  not  to  be  doubted  ,whcn  as  in  the  Uandes  of  the  A- 
fores  it  groweth  plentifully ,which  is  in  the  fame  climate. 
So  likewifeof /^4^^^r. 

We  carried  thither  Suger  canes  to  phnt  which  beeing 
not  fo  well  preferued  as  was  requifit,  &  befides  the  time 
of  the  yere  being  paft  for  their  fetting  when  we  arriued, 
wee  could  not  make  that  proofs  of  them  as  wee  defired. 

Not- 


Abriefi  andtrue  re^oH 

Notwithfl:anding5(ecing  that  they  grow  in  the  fame  cIU 
mate  J  in  the  South  part  of  Spaineand  inBarbaryjOUr 
hope  in  reafon  may  yet  cotinue.  So  likewifc  for  Orefjges^ 
and  Lemmom :  there  may  be  planted  alfo  Qmnfes^  Wher- 
by  may  grow  in  rcafonable  time  if  the  adio  be  diligent- 
ly profecuted,  no  fmall  commodities  in  Sugers ^Bucket Sy 
and  Marmalades. 

Many  other  commodities  by  planting  may  there  alfo 
bee  railed,  which  I  leaue  to  your  difcret  and  gentle  con- 
fiderations :  and  many  alfo  bee  there  which  yet  we  hauc 
notdifcouered.  Twojnorc  commodities  of  great  value 
one  of  certaintie,  and  the  other  in  hope,  not  to  be  plan- 
ted5but  there  to  be  raifed  &  in  (hort  time  to  be  prouided 
and  prepared,  I  might  hauc  Ipecificd.  So  likewife  of 
thofe  commodities  already  fet  downe  I  might  haue  faid 
more;  as  ofthe  particular  places  where  they  arefoundc 
and  bell  to  be  planted  and  prepared:  by  what  meanes 
and  in  what  rcafonable  (pace  of  time  they  might  berai* 
fed  to  profit  and  in  what  proportion^  but  bccauft  others 
then  welwillers  might  bee  therewithal^  acquainted^ 
nottothegoodof  theadion,  I  haue  wittingly  omitted 
them :  knowing  that  to  thofc  that  are  well  difpofed  I 
haue  vttered,  according  to  my  promife  and  purpofc,foc 
this  part  fufficient* 

The 


ofthencr^foundUndofVirginicu 

Tliefecondpart  of  fuche  commodities 

4tsVtrgimaiskn6wnetoyeeldeforVtSluaUandJiin 
ftcnancc  of  mans  life,  vfually  fed  vpon  by  the 

»atHraU  inhabit  ants  :  as  ai[o  bj  vs  dnring  the 
time  ofoftraboad.  Andjh'fl  offuth  as  arc 
fow^dandbtijbaaded^ 

Agatmt,  aldndc  of  grainc  fb  called  by 
the  inhabitants ;  the  fame  in  the  Well 
Indies'is  called  Mayz,e :  Englifh  men 
.^all  it'^fiinneywheate  or  Turkle  vph^atc^ 
according  to  the  names  of  thecoun- 
treys  from  whence  thelike  hath  bcenc 
brought  The  graine  is  about  the  bignefle  of  our  ordi- 
nary Englifh  peazc  and  not  much  different  in  fornie  and 
Ihape:  but  of  diners  colours:  fome  white/ome  red/omc 
^(.ello'Waandfomeblew,  Allof  them  yeeldea  very  white 
andfVeete  flowre :  bceing  vfed  accof  ding  to  his  kinde  it 
raalceth  a  very  good  bread.Weemade  pf the  fame  intho 
countrey  fbme  mault,  whereof  was  br ued  as  good  ale  as 
was  to  bee  defired.  So  likewife  by  the  help  of  bops  thcr- 
of  may  bee  made  as  good  Beere.  It  is  a  graine  of  maruei- 
lous  great  increafe;  of  a  thoufand,  fifteene  hundred  and 
fbme  two  thoufand  fold.  There  arethree  forteSjof  which 
two  are  ripe  in  an  c-Ieuen  and  twelac  weekes  at  the  niofU 
fpmctimcs  in  tenjafter  the  time  they  are  fetjand  are  theii 
ofheight  in  flalke  about  fixe  or  fcuen  foote.  The  other 
fortisripeinfourteene'5  and  is  about  ten  footeliigh,  of 
jhc  ftalkes  fomcbearc  foure  heads,  fome  thtce,  fome 
oncjand  two :  eucry  hc^d  containing  fiuc,  fixe,  or  feuen 
htindrcd.graines  within  a  fewc  more  or  leCTe.  Of thefe 
mines  befides  bread,  the  iphabitants  make  viduail  cy^- 

C  thcr 


tAhriefe  and  true  repoft 

thciby  parching  them;  or  fccthing  them  whole  yntill 
they  be  broken;  or  boyling  the  floure  with  water  into  a 

Okindgter^Q^VizA  by  vs  Beams  y  bccaufc  in  grcatndle  & 
partly  in  lliape  they  are  like  to  the  Beanes  in  Engiandjfa- 
iiing  that  they  are  flattcr^of  more  diuers  colours,  and 
fomcpidc.  Theleafealfoof  theftemme  is  much  diffe- 
rent, hi  taftexhey  are  altogether  as  good  as  our  Englifli 
peaze, 

tvickofiz^owr  yC^Wti  by  vs  Peaz.e^x\  xtfy^Oi  of  the  beanes 
for  diftiniSlio  fake^becaufe  they  are  much  leflesalthough 
in  forme  they  little  differ^  but  in  goodncffc  of  taft  much, 
&  arc  far  better  then  our  Englifli  peazc.Both  the  beanes 
and  peazc  are  ripe  in  tenne  weekcs  after  they  arc  (et* 
They  make  them  viduall  cither  by  boy  ling  them  all  to 
pieces  into  abroth;  or  boiling  them  whole  vritill  they 
bee  foft  and  beginne  tobreake  as  is  vfcd  in  England,  cy-. 
thcr  by  tbemfelues  ormixtly  together :  Sometime  they 
mingle  of  the  wheate  with  them.  Sometime  alfo  beeing 
whole  fodden^they  brufe  or  pound  them  in  a  morter,  & 
thereof  make  loauesorlumpsof  dowifliebread^which 
they  vfc  to  eat  for  varietic. 

v^^rdV^^r,  according  to  their  fcuerall  formes  called 
by  vs^PompioKSy  MMofis,  and  Gourdes^  becaufe  they  arc 
of  the  like  formes  as  thofe  kindes  in  England  In  Vtrgwia 
fuchoffeuerall formes  are  of  onctafte  and  verygood^ 
and  do  alfo  fpringfirom  one  fced.There  are  of  two  forts; 
one  \%  ripe  in  the  (pace  of  a  moneth^and  the  other  in  two 
moncths. 

There  i$  an  hearbe  which  in  Dutch  is  called  Melden, 
Some  of  thofethat  I  defcribe  it  vnto^take  it  to  be  a  kindc 
of  Oragc;  it  gro weih  about  fourc  or  fine  foote  high :  of 
thefcede  thereof  they  make  a  thicke  broth,  and  pottage 

ofa 


of  the  nei» found t^ndofViratnix 

of  a  vciy  good  taftc :  of  the  ftalkc  by  burning  into  afhcs 
they  make  a  kindeof  fait  earth,  wherewithal!  many  vfc 
fometimes  to  feafon  their  brothes ;  odier  fake,  they 
kaowenot.Wecpurfelues  vfed  rficleauesalfofoc-pot- 
Jiearbcs. 

^  There  is  alfb  another  great  hearbc  in  forme  of  a  Ma- 
jrigolde,  abouc  fixe  footcin  height^  the  head  with  the 
^ourc  is  a  {panne  in  breadth.  Some  take  ittobeeP/4«/4 
Solis:  of  thefeedes'heereof  they  make  both  a  kinde  of 
bread  andbroth: 

All  the  aforefaide  commodities  for  vidiiall  are  fet  or 
lowed,  fometimes  in  groundes  a  part  and  feuerally  by 
thefeliies  s  but  for  the  moft  part  together  in  one  ground 
mixtly :  the  manner  thereof  witli  the  drelling  and  prepa- 
ring of  the  ground,becaufe  I  will  iioteYnt07ou  the  fer- 
tilitie  ofthe  foile;  I  thinke  good  briefly  to  dcfcribe. 

The  gr6und  they  neuer  fattenwith  niucke,dounge  on 
any  other  thing,  neither  plow  nor  diggeit  as  we  in  Eng- 
land, but  onely  prepare  it  in  fort  as  follbweth.  A  fcwc 
daies  before  they  fo  we  or  fet,  the  men  with  wooden  in- 
lb:aiiients,made,almofl:in  forme  of  mattockes  or  hoes 
vvith  long  handles;  the  women  with  (laort  peckers  or  pa- 
rersjbecaufe  they  vfe  them  fittit1g,of  afoote  bng  and  a- 
bout  fine  inches  in  breadth :  doe  onely  breake  the  vpper 
part  ofthe  ground  to  rayfe  vp  the  weedes,  grafle,  &:  old 
ftubbes  of  come  ftalkes  with  their  rootes.The  which  af- 
ter a  day  or  twoes  drying  ia  th^  Simne,,bcingfcrapte  vp 
into  many  fmall  heapes,to  faii^  them  labour  foccarrying 
them  away  ;  they  burne  into  afhes,  (  And  ivhercas 
fomc  may  tliinke  that  they  vfe  the  afhes  for  to  bet- 
ter the  grounde;  I  fay  tha^  then  they  wroulde  cyther 
difperfe  the  afhes  abroade;  which  wee  obferued  they 
doe  nor,  except  the  heapes  bee  too  great :  or  els  would: 

C  2.  take 


taltcfpeciall  cgtc  tofct  their  eornc  where  the  afhcslfcj. 
which  alio  wee  findetbeyarc-carclefle  of.  ^  And  thl^  is 
allthchiif  baiidingof their  ground that  they  vTe* 

Then  their  fetung  or  fowingis  after  this  maner.  Firft 
for  thefr  .cornc^  beginning  in  one  corner  of  the  ploti 
with  a  pecker  they  make  a  holci  wherein  they  putloure 
graines  with  that  care  they  touch  not  one  another,  (a- 
bpiit  an  inch  afunderjandcouec  them  with  the  moulds 
rgaine :  andfo  throughout  the'whole  plot^makirigfuch 
holes  and  vfing  them  after  fuch  maner :  but  with  thistc*- 
card  that  they  bee  made  in  rankes,  cuery  ranke  differing 
homotherhalfeafadomcor  a  yarde,  and  the  holes  alio 
in  euery  ranke^as  much.  By  this  meanes  therei's  ayarde 
Ipare  ground  betvveneeuery  hole  :  where  according  to 
difcretion  here  and  thcrc^  they  let  as  many  Beanes  and 
Peaze:  in  diuers places  alfb  among. the  fcedcs  oiMk^ 

cocqveer  Melden  and  Plantafolis. 

'  The  ground  being  thus  fct  according  t6  the  rate  by 
vs  experimented,  an  Englifli,  Acre  conteining  fouitic 
pearchcs  in  length,  and  foure  in  breadth ,  doeth  there 
y eeld  in  croppe  or  ofcome  of  corne,  beanes,  and  peaze^ 
at  theleaft  two  hvindred  London  bufhellcs :  befides  the 
Aiacocqvcer^Mdderj^  and  Vkmafolis:  VVhenas  in  Eng- 
land fcurtie  bliflieJles  of  our  wheate  yeelded  out  of  fuch 
an  acre  is  thought  to  be  much. 

•1  thought  alfo  good  to  note  this  vnto  you,^  you  which 
fhallinhabite  andplant  there,  male  know  how  fpecially 
that  countrey  come  is  there  to  beprcferred  before  ours: 
Befides  the  manifold  waics  in  applying  it  to  viduall^  thq 
increafe  is  fo  much  that  fmall  labour  and  paines  is  need* 
ful  in  refpcdT:  that  muft  be  vfed  for  ours.  For  this  I  can  af- 
fure  you  that  according  to  the  rate  we  haue  made  proofe 
of^one  man  may  prepare  and  huiband  fo  much  grounde 

Chauing 


ofthna^ found  UndofVirgmia. 

(hauing  once  borne  cornc  before)  with  Icffe  then  fourc 
and  twcntie  houres  laboiir^as  ftall  y  eeldc  him  viftuall  in 
Ti  large  proportion  for  a  twelue  moneth,  if  hcc  haucno- 
thingeircjbiitthat  which  the  fame  ground  will  yecldc, 
andofthatkindconeliewhichi  hauc  before  fpoken  of: 
the  faide  ground  being  alfo  but  of  fiue  and  twentic  yards 
iquare.  And  if  neede  rcquirCj  but  that  there  is  ground  c- 
nough  ^  there  might  be  raifed  out  of  oneand  the  felffamc 
ground  two  harucftes  or  ofcomes-j  for  they  fowe  or  fee 
and  may  at  anie  time  when  they  thinke  good  from  the 
middeft  of  March  vntilltheendeof  lune;  fo  that  they 
alfb  fet  when  they  haue  eaten  of  their  firft  croppe .  In 
fdme  places  of  the  countrey  notwithftanding  they  hauc 
twoharuefl:s,as  we  haue  heard^  out  of  one  and  the  fame 
.ground. 

For  Englifli  cornc  ncuertheles  whether  to  vfe  or  not 
to  vfe.itj  you  that" inhabite  maie  do  as  you  fhall  haue  far-, 
ther  caufe  to  thinke  beft.  Of  the  grouth  you  need  not  to 
doubt; for barlie,  oatesandpeazejwehaue  feene proof 
of^  not  beeing  purpofely  fowen  but  fallen  cafually  in  the 
m)rft  fort  of ground^and  yet  to  be  as  faire  as  any  we  hauie 
cuer  feene  here  in  England.  Butofwheat  becaofcitwas 
mufly  and  hadtakenfalt  water  wee  could  make jn6  trial!: 
and  of  rye  we  had  none.  Thus  Tniich  haue  I  digrefi. 
fedandlhopenotYnnecefTarily :  nowe-will  I  jreturne  a- 
gainc  to  my  courfe  and  intreate  of  that  which  yet  rcmai- 
neth  appertaining  ro  this  Chapter^ 

There  is  an  herbe  whicbis  fowed  a  part  by  it  felfc  & 
is  called  by  the  inhabitants  zyfoW^.- In  the  Weft  Indies 
it  hath  diuers  names^  according  tothe  feuerall  places  & 
countries  where  it  growCth  and  ist  vfed :  The  Spaniardes. 
generally  rail  it  7'^^^r^^.  The  leaner  thereof  being  dried 
and  brousht  into  powder:  they  vfe  to  takethefumc  orj 
^  ^  C3.  finokc 


tA  bmje^ndtru^  report 

fmolctlicl^cof  by  fucking  It  through  pipes  itiadccfclaie 
into  their  ftomack'c  and  heaclesfroiti  whence  it  |)urgeih 
fupcrfluous  fleame Mother  groffe  hun^oj-s^dpencth  afi 
theppres  &  paff  ages  of  the  body.by  which  mcancs  the 
vfe  thereof,notonly  preferueth  the  body  from  obftru(ai> 
ons^but  alfo  if  any  be/o  that  they  haue  not  bcenc  of  too 
long  continuancCjih  (hort  time  breakcth  them :  whcrby 
their  bodies  arc  hot^blypreferued  in  health3&  know  not 
many  greeuous  difeafeS  wherewrithall  wee  in  England 
are  oftentimes  afflidcd. 

'D^iiypfowocis  of  j[b precious  cftimationamongeft 
thSjthat  they  thinketheir-gods  are  marueloufly  deligh- 
ted thenvith:  Wherupon  lometime  they  make  hallowed 
fires  &  caft  fome  of  the  ponder  therein  for  a  facrifice:be- 
ing  in  a  florme  vppon  the  waters,  to  pacific  their  gods.r 
they  cafl  fbmevp  into  the  aire  and  into  the  water  ;fQ  a 
wearc  for  fifli  beingnewly  fetvpjthey  caft  fomfe  therein 
and  into  the  aireralfo  after  an  efcape  of  danger^they  cafi: 
Ibme  into  the  aire  likewi(e:but  all  done  with  ftrangc  gc- 
fturesjftampingjfomtimc  dauncing.clapping  of  hands^ 
holding  vp  of  hands,  &  flaring  vp  into  the  hcaues,  vtte- 
ring  therewithal  and  chattering  flr^nge  words  &  noifc$» 

We  our  fclbes  dufing  the  time  we  were  there  vfedto 
fiickitafier  their  mancr^as  alfb  fince  our  returne3&  haue 
found  manic  rare  and  wonderful  experiments  of  theyer- 
tuesthereofsofwhich  the  relation  woulde  require  a  vo- 
lume by  it  felfe.- the  vfe  of  it  by  fomanieoflate,  men  & 
women  of  great  calling  as  elfe,  and  fome  learned  Phifiti- 
ons  alfojisfufficient  witnes. 

And  thefc  are  all  the  commodities  for  fuftenancc  of 
life  that  Iknow  and  can  remember  they  vfe  to  husband: 
all,^lfc  that  followe  arte  founde  growing  naturally  or 
wildc. 

Of 


of  the  newfound  landofVirgmia. 

Of  Root es. 

OPemnkjixt  a  kind  of  roots  of  round  fotmc^fomc  of 
the  bignes  ofwalnuts^fbmefargreatcr^which  are 
found  in  moift  &  marifh  grounds  growing  many 
together  one  by  another  in  ropes^  or  as  thogh  they  were 
faltnened  with  a  Ilring,  Being  boiled  ot  fbddcn  they  arc 
very  good  meate. 

OkeefenankSiXQ  alfo  of  roud  fhape^found  inrdry  grouds: 
fome  are  of  the  bignes  of  ^  mans  head.They  are  to  be  ea- 
ten as  they  are  taken  out  of  the  ground^for  by  reafon  of 
their  drineilc  they  will  neither  rpftc  nor  fteth.  Their  taft 
h  not  fb  good  as  of  the  former  rootes,  notwithftanding 
for  want  of  bread  &  fom  times  for  varietie  the  inhabitats 
vfc  to  cate  them  with  fifh  oi^  flcfli,  and  .in  my  iudgement 
they  doc  as  well  as  the  houfhold  bread  made  of  rie  heerc 
inEngland* 

Kai[hHcpeftaul^z  white  kind  of  roots  about  the  bignes  of 
hen  egs  &  nere  of  that  forme :  their  tafl:  was  not  io  good 
tpourfeemingasoftheother^andtherfore  their  place 
arid  mannct^growing  not  lb  much  cared  for  by  vs:the 
inhabitants  notwithftanding  vfed  to  boile  Sc  eatc  many. 
T/thaw  a  kind  of  rodte  much  like  vnto  y  which  in  Eng- 
land is  called  the  Chhut  root  brought  from  the  Eail  Indies* 
And  we  know  not 4nie  thing  to  the  contrary  but  that  it 
maie  be  ofthefattTckind.Thefe  roots  grow  manie  toge- 
ther in  great  cluftcrs^nd  doe  bring  foorth  a  brier  ftaike, 
burthe  Icafe  in  ftiapc  far  vnlikej  which  beeing  lupportcd 
by  the  trees  it  gro  weth  necreft  vnto^  wil  reach  or  climbc 
to  the  top  of  the  higheft.From  thefe  roots  while  they  be 
new  orfrefli  beeing  chopt into  CnaU pieces  &  ftampr,  is 
ftraincd  with  water  a  iuice  that  maketh  bread,  &  alfo  be- 
ing boiled  a  very  good  fpoonemeate  in  mancr  ofa  gelly, 
suid  is  much  better  int^ftif  it  bee  tempered  yvitb  oyle. 

Ca.  This 


tA  brUfi  and t  me  report 

Tilts  7)r«<«»^Is4iotofthatjS)rt  which  by  fomdwas  caufcd 
to  be  brought  into  Englandfor  thi  Chmaroote^ioxitvfzs 
difcoucrcdfince^  and  is  in  vfc  as  is  aforciaide:  but  that? 
which  was  brought  hither  is  not  yet  knpwnc  neither  By 
vs  nor  by  the  inhabitants  to  ferue  for  any  vfe  or  purpofej 
although  therootes  in  ftidpe  are  very  like.      ^ 

Cofcfifhaw^  fomc  of  our  company  tooke  to  bee  that 
kindeofrootevYhichth.e"Spaniards  in  the  Weft  Indies 
call  ar^/!.f;5whereijpon  alfo  many  called  it  by  that  name: 
itgrowethinverytnuddie  pooles  and  moift  groundcs. 
Being  drcfled  according  to  the  countrey  maner^  it  ma- 
Jvcth  a  good  bread^and  alfb  a  good  fponemeate .  ^nd  is' v- 
fed  very  much  by  die  inhabitants :  The  iuicex)r  thisjoot 
is  poifonjand  therefore  heedcmufi;  be  taken  before  any 
thing  be  made  therewithal!  ^Either  the  rootes  rn  wfttefe 
firft  diced  and  dried  in  the  Sunne^  or  bythefire,  and 
then  beingpounded  into  floiire  wil  make  good  brcadior 
els  while  they  arc  greene  they  areto  bee  pared5cu  t  into 
pieces  and  ftampt;  loues  of  the  fame  to  be  laid  neere  or 
ouer  the  fire  viitiU  it  be  fourCjand  then  being.wcU  poun- 
ded againe^bread^or  (pone  meatc  very  god  ill  taftc^  arid' 
holforoe  may  be  made  thereof, 

HahafioKis  a  rootc  of  hoat  tafte  almoflof  thclbrme 
and  bignefle  of  a  Parfencepe^  of  it  felfe  itis  no  yiiSludl, 
but  onely  a  hcipe  beeing  boiled  together  with  otlicr 
'meatcs. 

There  are  alfo  Lcekes  differing  little  from  ours  inEng- 
Jand  that  grow  in  many  places  of  the  coutrey^oi^vhichj 
wh<in  wecame  in  places  where  they  were,  wee  gathered 
and  cate  manyjbut  the  natural!  inhabitants  ncuer. 

of 


cfthcnerpofoundUndofVir^nla^ 

OfFruites. 

C  Hefimts ^tli^v^  are  in  diners  places  great  ftore.-fbmc 
they  vfe  to  caterawe.fomc  they  ftampc  and  boile 
to  make  (poonemeatCj  and  with  fomc  being  foddc 
they  make  fiicha  manner  of  dowe  bread  as  they  vfe  of 
^heir  beahes  before  mentioned* 

'  Walnuts :  There  are  two  kindes  of  WalnutSjand  ofthc 
fnfinit  ftorc:In  itiany  places  where  very  great  w6ods  for 
many  miles  together  the  third  part  of  trees  ^are  walnut^ 
trees.The  one  kind  is  of  the  fame  tafte  and  forme  or  litlc 
differing  from  puts  ofEngland,  but  th^t they  are  harder 
alli^  thicker  (liclled-;  the  other  is  greater  and  nath  a  veric 
riagged'aiidhatd'e  (Tiell :  but  the  kemell  great,  veric  oy- 
iie  and  (Weete-.  Befides  their  eating  of  them  after 
Ourordiriaricnlanerj  they  breake  them  withftones  and 
Jjound  them  in  morters  with  water  to  make  a  milk  which 
they  vfe  to  pitt  into  fome  forts  of  their  Ipoonmeate;  alfo 
among  their  fbdde  whcatjpeazCjbeanes  andpompions 
ivhiich  maketh  them  haue  a  farrc  more  plcafant  tafte. 

MeilAYi  a  kind  of  verie  good  fruit/o  called  by  vs  chief- 
lieforthcferefpeftest  firllinthatthey  arj:  not  good  vn- 
till  they  be  rotten:  then  in  that  they  open  at  the  head  as 
our  medlars^and  arc  about  the  fame  bigncflc :  otherwifc 
in  tafte  aod  colour  they  arc  farre  different:  for  they  are 
^s  red  as  cheries  aiid  very  fweet :  but  whereas  the  chcric 
is  (harpe  (weetjthey  are  lufhious  fweet* 

MsuciHefummk.^  a  kindc  of'  pleafauritfmite  almoft  of 
thcftiape&WgnesofEnglifhpea.res,  but  thatthcy.arc 
ofaperfed  red  colour  as  well  within  as  without.  They 
grow  on  a  plant  whofe  leaues  are  veric  Jthickc  aad  full  of 
prickles  as  (harpe  av needles.: Some  that  haucbinin  the 
Indies,  where  tttcy  haucfccnrfiatkind  ofrcd  die  of  great 

D  prtcc 


Abrtefemdtn0reforp 

price  wlikfi  IS  called  CQehitMe^t^^^xoyrf^  doc  defcribe  his 
plant  pightlike  vnto  this  biMepaquefii^Mauk  but  whether 
it  be  xhttmccochtmkotihM'SAdoxmlit^^  caiinot 
yet  be  certifiedjfeeingthat alfo/asl-hcard^Cor^/w/^  is  not 
ofihe  fruite  biit  foundc  on  the  Icaucs  of  the  piantswfaich 
Jeaues  for  fiich  matter  wc  hauenot  fo  fpecially  obferued 

Gf'apes  therearc  of  two  forts  which  I  mehtioncdin  the 
nlarchaiitablc  commodities. 

^trahmes  there  are  as  good  &  as  great  as  thofe  wljich 
we  haue  in  our  Englifh  gardens, 

Mnlberies^  Afpka-ah^Hfirts  01  HurMemffvich^S  wee 
jiau€iajEnglan(). 

^^^^»^«^;ww^»frakindeofberries.almo{t.likcvmp,Cfb' 
presbut  fomcwhat  greater  which  grpwtQg;eth€riad«i^ 
ilers  vpon  a  plant  or  herb  that  is.  found  in  fbalovy  Vi^t;ers: 
being  boiled  eight  or  nine  hours  according  to  their  Icinci 
arc  very  good  meate  and  holefome,  oth^rmfc  if  they  be 
eaten  they  will  make  a  mail  for  the  time  frantickc  oi^ex- 
tremely  fickc^ 

There  is  akind  of  r^^^  which  beareth  aiecd  almoft  like 
vnto  our  rie  or  wheats  &  being  boiled  is  good  meate. 

In  pur  trauailes  in  fome  places  wee  founde  Mde  p^azff 
like  vnto  ours  inEngland  but  that  they  wcrclefle^  which 
are  alfo  good  meatc. 

Of  a  hindeof frtitte  or  hrrU  in  forme  •f 
Acorne's^ 

THere  is  akind  of  berrie  or  acbrne^  >of  which  there 
are  Sue  forts  that  groW  on  feueral  kinds  of  trees5thc 
one  is  called  Sagatmener^  the  fccond  Ofamener^  thc 
third  Tumfntith^ner^  7he(c  kmd  of acprns  they  vft  to  dric 
vpon  hurdles  made  of  reeds  with  fire  Yndcmeatbalmofi 
alter  thc  maner  as  wc  drym^c  in  Englad.  Whco;they  arc 


to  be  vfed  they  firft  vvatcrthem  vntilthcy  be  (oft  &  then 
being  fod  theymafec  a  good  vidud^cithcr  to  catc  fo  fim- 
plVjOr  els  bciitgaifopouniie4  to  tt\dhz  loawcs  or  lumpcs 
ot  bread*  Thcfe  be  alfo  the  three  kinds  ofwhichiluid 
beforcjthc  inhabitants  vfed  to  make  fwcct  oyle. 

An  other  fortis  eallcd.y^jj^»w»^«rr  which  Dcingboilcd 
or  parched  doth  eate  and  taftc  like  vnto  eheftnuts.  They 
ibmetiiiie  alfo  make  bread  of  this  fort. 

The  ^iKh{onisc^^iMa>tgiimme)tauk.^  and.is thea- 
cornc  of  their  kind  of oake,  the,  which  bceing  dr'ed  aftet 
the  maner  of  the  firft  fbrtesj  and  afterward  watered  they 
boile  them^fe  their  feriiants  or  Ibmetime  the  chiefe  th& 
fellies,  either  for  variety  or  for  want  of  breads  doeeat^ 
them  with  their  fi{h  or  ilefti.  ' 

OfBeafies. 

DEarffiin  fomc  places  there  are  great  ftoremccre  vn- 
to the  lea  coaft  they  are  of  the  ordinarie  bignes  as 
oursinEnglandj&fomelcfferbut  furthervp  imo 
the  countrey  where  there  is  better  feed  they  are  greater: 
they  differ  from  ours  onely  inthis,  theirtailes  arelonger 
andtheftagsoftheirhomedookebackward* 

Comes ^  Thofc  that  we  haue  feen  &  al  chat  we  canhearc 
c>f  arc  of  a  grey  colour  like  vnto  hares:  in  fomc  places 
there  are  fuch  plentiethat  all  the  people  of  fome  townes 
make  them-  mantlesofthcfurrcor  flucof  thcskinnes  of 
thofe  they  vfually  take. 

Sa^ftemckot  &  Maqtdwaei  twokiades  of  ImaUbeaftes 
greater  then  conies  vrfiich  arc  very  good  meat,  Wc  ne- 
wer i^okc  anyof  them  ourfeluesjbutfometimc  catc  of 
fuch  as  the  inhabitatitshad  taken  &  brought  vntciv^* 
^f^/rr/f  which  arcofagrcycalbut^weh^  take  &cate 

0  %  ^earet 


A  brieji  and  true  re  fart 

Siores  which  are  all  of  black  colour.The  bcares  of  this 
coimtrey  are  good  mtmthc  Inhabitants  in  time  of  win- 
ter da  vie  to  take  &  eat;e  maniejfp^lfo  forniimc  didwee. 
They  aire  taken  commonlie  in'tbis  fort.In  frpic  Hands  or 
pl^ces^wbere  they  are^being  hunted  fotjias  fooneas  they 
hauc^iall  of  a  man  they  prefently  ^un  awaie^g^  then  be- 
ing chafedthey  clime  and  get  vpthe  next  tree  they  can, 
from,  whence  with  arrowesthcyareOiot  downe  flarkc 
dead,  or  with  thofe  wounds  that  they  may  after  eafilj^  be 
killedj we  fometime  fhotte  them  downe  withopr  calee- 
uers. 

^Ihaue  the  names  ofeight&  twenty ieuerall  fortes  of 
beafts  which  I  hauc  heard  of  to  be  here  and  there  di/per- 
fed  in  the  coutrie,efpccially  in  the  maiqerof  which  there 
are  only  twelue  kinds  that  we  haue  yet  difcouered^  &  t)f 
thofe  that  be  good  meat  wc  know  only  them  before  me- 
tioned.The inhabitants fomtimekiltheI;;^»& cat  him: 
&  we  Fomtime  as  they  came  to  our  hands  oithmJV^Im 
or  vpoifitpj  Dogges  5  which  I  haue  not  fet  downefor  good 
meatjieaft  thatfomc  wouldevndcrftand  my  iudgement 
therin  t6  be  more  fimplc  than  needeth,aIthoughI.couId 
alleage  the  difference  in  tafte  of  thofe  kindes'irom  o\irs, 
which  by  fomc  of  our  company  haue  bcene  experiment 
ted  in  both. 

OfVonh. 

TFrkie  Roches  and  Turkie  hemes::  Stockioues  :Tartri^i$f 
Cranes.'Herfjes:  &  in  winter  great  ftore  o£$vsfannes  & 

^^f/p.OfaIfortes:bf  foulelhaue^th*^  names  inthe 
'couiTtrie  language  cffoarcfcore  and  fixe  of  which  num- 
ber befides  thofe  that  be  named^we  haue  takenyeateny& 
hnue  the  pifturcs  as  they  were  there,  drawncmth  the 
names  of  the  inhabitaunts.of  fcuerall  flrange  fortes  of 

water 


ofthenewfiundUndofyirgCnia, 

water  foulc  eighc,and  (eueteene  kinds  more  ofland  foulj 
akhough  wee  haue  feen  and  eaten  of  many  more,  which 
forwantofleafurethere  for  thepurpofc  couldcnotbee 
pidured:  and  after  wee  arc  better  furnifliedand  ftored 
vpon  further  difcouery,witb  their  firange  beaftcs,  fifbc, 
trees,  plants,  and  hcarbcs, they  (hall bee  alfo  publifhcd 
There  are  alfo  PttrauJPaulcom^^  Mai'lm  b/mks' ,vih\c)\ 
dthough  with  vs  they  bee  not  vfed  for  meate, y et  for  o- 
ther  caufes  I  thought  good  to  mention. 

OfFifhe. 

FOr  fourc  moftcthesof  thcycerc,February,March, 
Aprill  and  May,  there  are  plfentic  of  Sturgeons  .•  And 
alfo  in  the  famemonethes  of  Hif»r/»^^,fomeof  the 
ordinary  bigneffe  as  burs  in  England,  but  the  moft  part 
farrb  ereater,ofeighteene,twentie  inches,and  fome  two 
foote  in  length  and  better  5  both  thcfe  kindes  of  fiflie  in 
thofe  monetbcs  are  moft  plentifuU,  andmbeftfeafon, 
which  wee  foiihde  to  bee  moft  delicate  andplealaiint 

""There  are  alfo  Trmes .-  Torfoifes  .•  /?<t/« .'  Oldwmfs.AdHl. 
/^^P/./..-.andveryn)anyotherfortcsofexccllcntgood 
fift)  whithwehauetaken 8ceaten,whofe names! know 
not  butin  the  countrey  language;  wcehaue  of  twcluc 
fortsrnorethepiauresastbeyweredrawnmthecoun- 

"^ffiShSStocake  f -manerof  wag 
theoncisbyakindofwearmadeofrecdcswbch.^that 

countrey  are  very  ftrong.Theother  way  whichis  more 
SSs  with  poles  made{harpeatonecnde,by(hoo- 

STgleSiThefifl.  afterthe  r^-^J^^-^^^^^:^ 
darfeSeitherastheyarerowing,nthe.rboatcs«reUa5 


Abriefidndtruereport 

(h«y  ju«  wading  in  the  fhallowcs  for  thepurpolc. 

There  arc  alio  in  many  places  plentic  of  thefe  landcs 
which  follow* 

^if/nv^^/ijfuchas  we  hauc  in  England. 

OyfiersSovnc  very  great^and  fomc  Imallj  (bmc  rounde 
and  forae  of  a  long  fhape :  They  arc  foundcboth  in  faU 
water  and  brackifli^and  thofe  that  we  had  out  of  fait  wa- 
ter are  far  better  than  the  other  as  in  our  o  wne  countrey* 

Alfo  Mnfcles:  Scalopts  i  Perimnkles ;  and  Creuifes^ 

Seekanaft^y  a kindc  of  cruftie  ftiell  fifhc  which  is  good 
meatejaboutafootcinbreadth^hauing  a  cruftie  tayle, 
many  leggcs  like  a  crab;  and  her  eyes  in  her  backe.  They 
:rrefoundcin  ftiallowesof  fait  waters;  andfometimeoil 
tbcfhbarc. 

There  arc  naany  T^rt0yfes  both  of  lande  and  fea  kinder, 
their  bapkcs  &  bellies  are  (helled  very  thickes  their  headj 
feete,  and  taile,  which  are  in  appearancc,fecme  ougly  a^ 
thoughthcy  wercniembcrsof  a  fcrpent  or  venemouss 
but  notwithftanding  they  are  very  good  meatc,  as  affi> 
their  egges.  Some  haueoene  founcfc  of  a  yard  in  breddi 
and  better. 

Andthus  hauc  I  made  relation  of  all  fortes  of viauall 
diat  wefedvponforthe  timewewerein  Vtrgima^s^Q 
8:hc  inhabitants  thenafelues^as  farre  foorth  as  I  knowc 
and  can  remcnabcr  or  that  are  ^edally  worthy  to  bee  re* 
roembrcd. 

Th€ 


€>fthe  newfoundUndofVirginla. 

^Thc  third  and  laft  part  of  fuch  other 

thmges  as  is  behoofuUfir  thofe  -which  fhall 

plant  and  inhabit  to  know  of;  with  a  dercrip-. 

tion  of  the  nature  and  manners  of  the 

feofle  of  the  conmrey. 

Of  commodities  for  building  and 
other  tfccejfarj  vfes, 

Hoft  Other  things  which  I  ammoreto 
make  rchearfall  of^arefuch  as  conccrnc 
building,  and  other  mechanicallnccct 
farie  vfes  5  as  diuers  fortes  of  trees  for 
houfe  &  fhip  timber jand  other  vfes  els: 
Alfo  limejftonejand  brickalcaft  that  be- 
ing not  mentioned  fome  might  hauc  bene  doubted  of^or 
by  fome  that  are  malicious  reported  the  contrary, 

Ok^Sy  there  are  as  faire  jftrai  ght,  tall,  and  as  good  tim- 
ber as  any  can  be^and  alfo  great  ftorc^and  in  fome  places 
very  great. 

fVa/trfsttreef^aslh^LUt  faide  before  very  many,  fbmc 
haue  bene  feen  excellent  faire  timber  of  foure  &  fine  fa- 
domCySc  aboue  fourefcore  foot  ftrefght  without  bough. 
Fine  trees  fit  for  mafts  of  (hips/ome  very  tall  &  great. 
Kakiock^^  kind  of  trees  fo  called  that  are  (weet  wood  of 
which  the  inhabitans  that  wereneerevnto  vs  doecom- 
inoly  make  their  boats  or  Canoes  of  the  form  of  tro  wes; 
only  with  the  helpe  of  fire^hatchets  offtonesjand  (hels; 
we  qaue  known  fome  fo  great  being  madein  that  fort  of 
one  tree  thatthey  haue  carried  well  xx.men  at  once^bc- 
iides  much  ba  ^gage: the  timber  being  great jtal^ftreight^ 
Ibfr3h*ght3&  ycc  tough  enough  I  thinkeCbefides  other v- 
les) to  be  fit  alfo  for  mafts  of  fhips. 

Cedar ^z  fweet  wood  good  for  feeliogs^Chcfts^Boxcs, 

Bed. 


Abriefeandtrue  report 

Bccfftccdcs,  Lures,  Virginals,  and  many  things  els,  as  I 
haqc  ilfo  (aid  bcforc.Somc  of  our  company  w  hich  hauc 
waqdtred  in  fome  places  where  I  haue  not  bcnCjhaue 
madecertaine  affirmation  of  C)'prw  which  for  fuch  and 
other  excellent  vfcs,  is  alfo  a  wood  of  price  and  no  fmall 
cftimation. 

Mafle^znA  alfo  mch'fjaz,leiwh€xo£  the  inhabitants  vfe 
to  make  their  bowes. 

Hoify  a  neceflar)»  thing  for  the  raakidg  of  bif  dlime* 

wilbwes  good  for  the  making  of  weares  and  weeles  to 
take  fifh  after  the  Englifh  manner,  although  the  inhabi- 
tants vfe  only  reedes,whiehbecaufe  they  arc;ib  ftrong 
as  alfo  flexible,  do  fcruc  for  thatturne  very  jyelland  m* 
ficiently. 

Be^h  and  j4Jhe^  good  for  caflcCyhoopes :  andif  needc 
require,plow  worke,as  alfo  for  many  things  els, 

Safafias  trees. 

jifiofG  a  kinde  of  tree  very  like  vnto  Lavvrell,  the  barke 
is  boat  in  tail  and  rpicie,it  is  very  like  to  that  tree  which 
Monardus  defcribethto  heeCafsia  Lignea  of  the  Weft 
Indies. 

There  arc  many  other  ilrange  trees  whofe  names! 
knowe  iiot  but  in  the  mrginmn  language,  of  which  lam 
not  nowe  able,  neither  is  itfoconuenientfbrthepte^ 
lent  to  trouble  you  with  particular  relation :  feeing  that 
for  timber  and  other  neccffary  vfes  I  haue  named  iuffici- 
cnt ;  And  of  many  of  the  reft  out  that  they  may  be  appli- 
ed to  good  yfe,  I  know  no  caulc  to  doubt* 

Now  for  Stone,Bricke  and  Lime,tlau^it  is.Neere  vn- 
to the  Sea  coaft  where  wee  dwelt,  there  are  no  kinde  o£ 
ftones  to  bee  found  (except  a  fewe  fmall  pebbles  about 
foure  miles  oS)  but  tuch  as  haue  bene  brought  from  far- 
ther 


cfthe  newfoundlandofVirginid. 
farther  out  of  the  niaine.  Infomcof  our  voiagcs  wcc 
Jiauc  fcenc  diuers  hard  raggie  ftones,  great  pebbles,  and 
a  kindc  of  grey  ftonc  like  vn:o  marble,  of  which  the  in- 
habitants  make  their  hatchers  to  clceue  wood.  Vpon  in- 
quirie  wcc  heard  that  a  little  further  vp  into  the  Coun- 
trey  were  of  all  fortes  veric  many ,  although  of  Quarries 
they  arc  ignorant,  neither  haue  they  vie  of  any  ftorc 
whereupon  they  fhould  haue  occafion  to  fecke  any.  For 
if  eueriehoufholdebaueoneortwo  to  crackq  Nutics, 
grinde  flieUcs^whct  copper,and  (bmctimes  other  ftones 
J)r  hatchets, th^'  haue  enough  :  neither  vfe  they  any 
digg^^g>butonelyforgraues  about  three  foote  dcepe: 
and  therefore  no  maioiaile  that  they  know  neither  Quaf- 
|:ics,nor  lime  ftoncsjwhich  toth  may  bee  in  places  nce- 
j:cr  than  they  wot  of 

In  the  meane  time  vntill  there  bee  difcouerie  of  fuffi- 
cientftoreinfome  place  or  other  conuenicnt,  the  want 
ofyou  which  arc  and  flialbc  the  planters  therein  may  be 
as  well  fupplicd  by  Brickc :  for  the  makine  whereof  in  di- 
ll ers  places  ofthe  countrey  there  is  clay  both  excellent 
good,and  plenties  and  alfo  by  limemade  of  Oifter  fhels, 
^nd  of  others  burnt,  after  the  maneras  they  vfe  in  the 
lies  of  Tenet  and  Shepy^  and  alfo  in  diuers  orher  places 
of  England :  Which  kinde  of  lime  is  wellknownc  to  bee 
as  good  as  any  ot4ier.  And  of  Oifter  (hels  there  is  plentic 
enough :  for  bcfides  diuers  other  particular  places  where 
are  abundance,  there  is  one  fhallowc  founde  along  the 
coaft,  where  for  the  fpace  of  many  miles  together  in 
length5and  two  or  three  miles  in  breadth,  the  grounde 
is  nothing  els  beeing  but  halfe  a  foote  or  a  foote  vndct 
water  for  the  rpoft  part. 

This  much  can  I  fay  further  more  of  ftones,  that  a- 
bout  1 2  o.railes  from  our  fore  neere  the  water  in  the  fide 

E  of 


^briefi  and  true  report 

ofeliin  wasfoimde  bya  Gentleman  of  our  company  ^a 
greatveincof  hard  raggeftones,  which  I  thought  good 
tor:cmembervfltoyou. 

Of  the  nature  and  manners  of 

p^le. 

T  reflethi  fpcalcea  word  ortwoof  thena- 
turallinhabitants^thcir natures  and  maners^ 
Icauing  large  dikourfc  thereof  vntill  time 
more  coriuenient  hereafter :  nowe pnelyfo 
farrefoorthjas  that  you  may  know-how  that  they  in  re** 
fped  oftroubling  our  inhabiting  and  planting,  are  riot 
to  be  feareds  but  that:  they  fhall  haue  caufc  botiitofcare 
and  loue  vsjthat  fhall inhabite  with  them. 

They  area  people  clothed  withloofe  mantles  made 
ofDeere  $kins^&  aprons  of  the  fame  rounde  about  theiU 
middles^  all  els  nakedjoffuch  adifference  of flaturcs  on* 
ly  as  wcein  Englandj'hauing  no  edge  tooles  or  weapons 
of  yron  or  fteele  to  offend  vs  wirhall^neither  know  they 
how  to  make  any  tthofc  weapons  y  they  haue^  are  onlie 
bowesmadeofyVitchhazle^&arrowesofreedssflated- 
ged  truncheons  alfo  of  wood  about  ayard  long ,  neithet 
hatJe  they  any  thing  to  defed  thefelues  but  targetimad^ 
of  barks;  and  fbme  armours  made  of ftickes  wickered  to* 
gerher  with  thread. 

Their  towpcs  are  but  fmall^  &  ncerethe  feacoaft  but 
ftvy/ome containing  but  lo.or  1 2.houfcs:f6me  2o.thc 
^(bteft  that;  we  halie  feenchaue  bcnebut  of  30*  houfcs: 
if  they  bewailed  it  is  only  done  with  barks  of  trees  made 
fafttoftakes^orels  withpplcs  onely  fixed  vprightand 
clofe  oncby  another* 

Their 


ofthnewf^mitandofZIirsima. 

Their  hooftsai^madc  of  (mall  pbJcsmadcfaftatthc 
tops  in  roundc  forme  after  themancr  as  is  vfcd  in  many 
aroorics  in  our  gardens  of  England  jin  mofttoxvncs  co«f 
ucred  with  barkcs^and  in  fomc  wi^th  artificiall  mattes 
made  of  long  ruftiesj  from  the  tops  of  the  houfes  downc 
to  the  ground.The  length  of  them  is  commonly  double 
to  the  breadthjin  fomc  places  they  arc  but  12,  and  16. 
yardesiong>  ^nd  mother  fomc  wee  haue  feene  of  fourc 
andtwentie. 

in  fomc  places  of  thccountrcy  one  oocly  townefae* 
l6ngeth  to  the  gouemmcnt  of  a  fviroansoi  chiefe  Lordcj 
in  other  fojpe  two  or  threcjin  fomc  fixcj  eighty  &  morej 
the^eateft  ;f^/r«W  thatyet  we  had  deaUng  with  had  hut 
cighteenetowjics  in  his  goucrnmcnt^andable  to  make 
notaboue  fcuen  or  eight  hundred  fighting  men  at  the 
moft :  The  language 'of  cueiygoucrnment  is  different 
from  any  otherjand  the  farther  they  are  diftant  the  grea- 
ter  is  the  difference. 

Their  maner  of  warres  amongft  thcmfclues  is  cither 
byfuddcn  furprifing  one  an  other  moftcomonly  about 
the  dawning  of  the  ^iay,  or  moone  lights  or  els  by  am- 
tufhesjorfomc  futtledeuifes:  Set  battels  arc  veryra^c, 
except  it  fall  out  where  there  ar^  many  trees^  where  ey. 
iher  part  may  haue  fomc  hope  of  dciencCjaft^r  the  deli- 
ucrie  of  eucry  arrow^rn  leaping  behind  fomeorothcr. 

If  there  fall  out  any  warres  between  vs  &  them .  what 
their  fight  is  likely  to  bee^wc  hauing  aduantages^againft 
them  fomany  mancrof  waicsjasbyourdifciplincjour 
ftrangc  weapons  and  deuifcsels,  efpecially  by  ordinan- 
ce ^  great  and  fmall^k  may  be  eafily  imagined^  by  the  ex- 
perience we  haue  had  infome  placesj  the  turning  vp  of 
their  heeles  againft  vsin  running  away  was  their  bcft  de- 
fence. «. 


^bri^e  andifiie  report 

In  rcfpcft  ofvsthcyArca  people  pocrCj  and  fox  want 
of  skilj.and  iudgcmetip&i  the  knowledge  andvfe  of  our 
things  j  doe  efteemeoui trifles  before  tbinges  of  greater 
value  r.Notwkhftanding  in  their  proper  manner  confi* 
dcring  the  want  of  fuch  mcanes  as  we  haue,  they  {cemc 
very  ingenious^  For  although  they  haueno  fuch  tooles, 
nor  any  fuch  craftes,  fciences  and  artes  asAveej  yet  ia 
thofethinges  they  doc,  they  fliewe  excellericie  of  wit* 
AndbyhoweniUch  they  vpon  due  confidcration  (hall 
iindc  our  manner  of  knowledges  and  crafces  to  exccedc 
theirs  in  perfection,  and  fpced  for  doing  or  execution^ 
by  fo  m\ich  the  more  is  it  probable  that  they  (houlde  de^ 
fire  our  fricndfhips  &  loue,  and  haue  the  greater  rcfpeft 
for  pleafing  and  obeying  vs.  Whereby  may  bee  hoped 
if  meanes  of  good  gouernment  bee  vfed,  that  they  may 
in  fliort  timebe  brought  to  ciuilitie,  and  the  imbracing 
of  true  religion.  ^ 

Somereligion  they  hauealreadie,  whichalthough  it 
bcfarrc  from  the  truth^yet  beyng  asitis,thercis4iope 
•it  may  bee  the-cafier  and  fooner  retormed. 

They  bdceue  that  there  arc  many  Gods  which  they 
call  Mofitoac^  but  of  different  fortes  and  degreesSQilc 
onclychiefeand  great  God,  which  hath  bene  ftom  all 
eternitic .  Who  as  they  aflSrmc  when  hec  purpofed 
to  make  t,hc  worldc,  madefirft  othergoddes  of  aptini* 
cipcOlotdertobee  as  mcanes  and  inftruments  to  .bee  v- 
led  in  the  creation  and  gouernment  to  follow  5  and  af- 
ter the  Sunnc,  Moone,  and  Starres,  as  pettie  goddes 
and  the  Inftruments  of  the  other  order  more  princi- 
pall.  Frft  they  fay  were  made  watets ,  out  of  which 

bythcgods  was toadeaUdiuerfitieof creatures  that  ;lrc 
vjfibleormuifible* 

For 


cfthencipo found  kndofVirgimc^. 

Fot  manlciadthcy  fay  a^woilian  tvas  made  firft,which 
bythc  woorldngof  oneof the  gaddesi  concciiicd  and 
brought foorth children:  Aadinluchlorttlicy  faytlicy 
had  their  beginning. 

But  how  niaoic  ycercs  or  ages  hauc  paffcd  fincc,  the/ 
fay  they  can  make  no  relatio^hamngno  letters  nor  other 
fuch  mcanesas  we  to  keeperecordcs  of  the  particulari- 
ties of  tini^s  part,  but  onelic  tradition  from  father  to 
fonne. 

They  think  that  all' the  gods  arc  of  humane  ftiape, 
Srthertorethey  reprefent-them  ty  images  in  the  formes 
ofmcni  which  they  call  Kewafiwok^oti^  alone  is  called 
Kevfias\  Them  they  place  in  houfes  appropriate  or  tem- 
ples which  they^  call  i^^r^/r(?W'c)^5  Where  they  woor- 
fhipjpraicjfing,  ^nd  make  manic  times  offerings  vnto 
thci:n,  Infoiiie  J^*irfor^W^4,wehauc  fcene  but  on  Kc^ 
i»as^  in  fome  two^and  in'other  fome  threesThc  common 
fort  thinke  them  to  be  alfb  gods, 

^  They  belequealfothe^immortalitieof  the  foiilc,  that 
after  this  Irfeas  foonc  asthcfoule  is  departed  from  the 
bodle  according  to  the  vvorkes  it  hath  donCj  it  is  eyrher 
carried  to  heauen  the  habitacle  of  godsy  there  to  enioy 
pcrpetnaU  blifle  and  happinellc^or  els  to  a  great  pitte  or 
hole,  (vhich  thty  thinke  tohee  in  the  furtheft  partes  of 
their  part  of  theworldetowardethe  funnefet,  there  to 
oume  contiilually;the  place  they  call  Pojogujfo. 

For  the  confirmationof this  opinion,  they  tolde  mcc 
twoftbrics  of  two^en  that  hadbeen  lately  dead  and  re- 
U&lc^  againcpthc  one  happened  but  few  yetes  before  o  ur 
CQinming  into  the  countreyofa  wicked  man  which  ha- 
Mitigbecnc  dead  and  buried,  the  next  day  the  earth  of 
l^cgrauebceing  feene  tomoue,  was  taken  vp  againe; 
Who  made  dcclarauon  where  his  foule  had  beene^  that 

E  3.  is 


c/df  hkji^ndtrue  report 

is  to  faie  very  nccrcentringinto  Pofogtifoyhzd  nototit  of 
the  godifaucd  bim  &  gaue  him  leaue  to  retgrnc  againc, 
;and  teach  bis  friends  what  they  fhould  doc  toaiioS  that 
tcmblc  place  of  torment. 

The  other  happened  in  the  fame  yecre  wee  were 
there,  but  in  a  towne  that  was  thirecfcore  miles  from  vs, 
and  it  wastoldemeeforftraungenewes  that  otic  bec- 
ing  dead,  buried  and  taken  vp  againc  as  the  firft,  (hewed 
that  altliough  hiff  bodie  had  lien  dead  in  the  graue, 
yethisfoule  wasaliue,^nd  hadtrauailedfarrein  along 
broadewaic,  onboth  fides  whereof  gre we  moft  deli- 
cate and  pleafaunttrceSjbearing  more  rare  and  cxc^t 
lent  friijtcs  theneuer  heehad  feene  before  or  was  able 
to  cxprcflTe ,  and  at  length  came  to  moft  braue  and 
fairchoufes5necre  which  hee  met  his  father ,  that  had 
becne  dead  before,  who  gaue  him  great  charge  to  goc 
backe  againe  and  fhew  his  friendcs  what  good  they  were 
to  doe  to  enioy  the  pleafures  of  that  place,  which  when 
he  had  done  he  fhould  after  come  againe. 

What  fubtilty  foeucr  be  in  the  mroafjces  and  PrieftcSi 
this  opinion  worketh  (b  much  in  manie  of  the  common 
andfimple  fort  of  people  that  it  maketh  them  haue  great, 
refpeft  to  their  Gouernours,  and  alfo  great  care  what 
they  do^to  auoid  torment  after  dcath,and  to  enioy  blifle; 
although  notwithftanding  there  is  puniflimcnt  ordained 
for  malcfa^lours^as  fteaIers,whoremoongers,and  othet 
fortes  of  wicked  doers ,  fomc  punifhcd  with  death,fomc 
with  forfeitures,  fome  with  beating,  according  to  the 
greatncs  of  the  faftes. 

And  this  is  the  fumme  of  their  religio,\vhIch  I  learned 
by  haumg  fpecial  familiarity  with  fomc  of  their  prieftes. 
VVhcrein  they  were  not  fo  fure  grounded ,  nor  gaue 
filch  crcdite  to  their  traditions  and  florics  but  through 

conuer- 


of  the  ner^ found  UndofVirgmU. 

tonUerfing  with  vs  they  were  brought  into  grcatdoubts 
of  their  pvvnCjand  no  finall  admiration  of  ours,with  car- 
neft  defire  in  many,  to  leamc  more  than  we  had  meancs 
for  want  of  pcrfcdl  vttcrance  in  their  language  to  c^- 
prcfle. 

Moft  thingcs  they  fawc  with  vs^  as  Mathematical! 
inftrumcntSjIca  compafles,  the  vertue  of  the  loadftone 
in  drawing  yron,  a  perfpeftiuc  glafic  whereby  was 
fhewed  manie  ftrangc  fightes,  burning  glades,  wildc- 
fire  woorkes,  gunties  ^  bookes  ^Iwriting  and  reading, 
ipring  clocks  that fccme  to  goc  of  themfelues,  andma- 
iiie  other  thinges  that  wee  had,wercfo  ftraungevnto 
them,  and  (b  fan*c  exceeded  their  capacities  to  compre- 
hend the  reafon  andmeanes  how  they  {hould  be  made 
and  done,  that  they  thought  they  Were  rather  the  works 
©fgodsthenofmcn,otattheIeaftWifc  they  had  bin  gi- 
Ucn  and  taught  vs  of  the  gods.  Which  made  manie  of 
them  to  haue  fiidh  opinion  of vs^as  that  if  they  knew  not 
the  truethfofgod  and  religion  already ,it  was  rather  to  be 
had  from  vs^  whom  God  fofpeciallyloued  then  from  a 
people  that  were  fofimple.as  they  found  themfelues  to 
Cein  comparifon  of  vs  .Whereupon  greater  credite  was 
giucn  vnto  that  wcfpake  of  concerning  fuch  matters,  v. 

Manic  times  andincuery  townc  where  I  came,  ac- 
IcordingasI  was  able,  I  made  declaration  of  the  con- 
tcntes  of  the  Biblej  that  therein  was  fetfoorth  the  true 
and  onelic  GOD,  and  his  mightie  woorkes,  that 
therein  was  contayncd  the  true  do(arine  of  faluation 
through  Chrift,  with  manic  partiailarities  of  Mira- 
cles and  chicfc  poyntcs  of  religion,  as  I  was  able  then 
to  vtter,  and  thought  fittc  for  the  time.  And  al- 
tthougb  I  told  tbcm  the  booke  materially  &  of  it  felf  was 
notjoEamcfuch  vcrtuc*a5lthought  they  did  concciuc, 

£4^  but 


t4  hrl^^dtrHe  report 

but  oncly  the  dotarinc  therein  Gonta:inc4  yet  wouldnio* 
ny  be  glad  to  touch  it^  to  embrace  it^to  kiffe  it,  to  hold  it 
to  their  brefts  and  heades,  and  ftroke  onerdl  their  bodic 
with  itsto  flicwe  their  hungrie^eCrcpf  that:  knowledge 
which  was  fpoken  of. 

The  jviroatts  with  whom  we  dwelt  called  whgwAy  and 
irsany  of  his  people  would  be  glad  many  times  to  be  wich 
vs  at  our  praicrs,and  many  times  call  vpon  vs  both  in  hfs 
owne  towne,  as  al(b  in  others  whither  he  fometiiiies  ac- 
companied vsjto  pray  and  fing  Pfalmes;  hoping  thereby 
to  bee  partaker  of  thefameeftedtes  which  wee  by  that 
meancs  alfo  expefted* 

Twife  this  wiroam  was  fo  grieuoufly  ficke  that  he  was 
Ilketodie,  andasheelaielanguifliing,  doubting  of  anic 
helpe  by  his  ownepricftcsj  and  thinking  he  was  in  fireli. 
daungerforoffendingvs  and  thereby  our  god,  /cnt  for 
fome  of  vs  to  praie  and  bee  a  meanes  to  our  God  that  it 
would  pleafe  him  either  that  he  might  Hue  or  after  death 
idwcll  with  him  in  blifle,  fb  like  wife  wer^  the  requeftes  of 
nianie  others  in  the  like  cafe. 

On  a  time. alfo  when  their  corne  began  to  wither  by 
reafon  of  a  drouth  which  happened  extraordinarily,  fea- 
ring that  it  had  come  topafle  by  reafon  that  in  foroc 
thing  they  had  difpleafed  vs,many  woulde  come  to  vs  &: 
defirc  vs  to  praie  to  our  God  of  England,  that  he  would 
preferue  their  cornc,proftiifing  that  \yhen  it  was  ripe  we 
alfo  fhouldbc  partakers  of  the  fmite. 

There  could  at  no  tinle  hajf)pca  any  flrangc  fickncffe^ 
lofres,hurt^s,orany  other  crofTe  vnto  them,  but  that 
they  would  imputeto  vsthccaufe  or  meancs  therof  for 
offending  or  not  pleafing  vs. 

One  other  rare  and  flrange  accident,  leauing  others, 
will  I  mention  before  I  ende,v/hich  mooucd  the  whole 

countrey 


of  the  ntPfifomdUndof Virginia, 

countrcythat  cither  knew  orhcardcofv$5  tohaucvs  in 
v/ondertuU  admiration. 

There  was  no  townc  where  we  had  any  fubtile  dcuif^. 
praftifcdagainftvs^vveleauingicvnpunifhcdor  not  re- 
wenged  (becaufe  wee  (ought  byall  meancs  poffiblc  t<^ 
win  them  by  gentleneffc)  But  that  within  aicwdaycs  af- 
ter our  departure  from  euerie  fiich  towne,  the  people 
began  to  die  very  faft^andmany  in  fhort  fpace;  in  fome 
townes  about  twentiejin  fornefonrtiejin  fome  fixtie,  & 
in  one  fixe  fcore,  which  in  triieth  was  very  manic  in  re- 
iped  of  their  numbers  .  This  happened  in  ho  place 
that  wee  couldc  Icame  but  where  wee  had  bene,  where 
they  vfed  fome  pradifeagainftvs^  and  after  fuch  times 
The  difeafealfo  fo  ftrangCjthat  they  neither  knew  what 
it  wasj  nothowtacureit$  thelikc  by  report  of  the  oldeft 
men  in  the  countrey  neuer  happened  before,  time  out  of 
mindc.  A  thing  Ipecially  obterued  by  vsas'alfo  by  the 
uaturall  inhabitants  themfelues. 

Infomuch  that  when  fome  of  the  inhabitantcs  which 
were  our  friends  &  cfpecially  the  mroans  wingina,  had  ob 
ferued  fiich  effe<5l:s  infoure  or  fiue  towns  to  follow  their 
wicked  pra(Skifes ,  they  weri  pcrfwaded  that  it  was  the 
worke  of  our  God  through  our  meanes,  and  that  wee  by 
liim  might  kil  and  flaie  whom  wee  would  without  wea- 
pons and  not  comcneerc  them* 

And  thereupon  when  it  had  happcaied  that  they  had 
Vftdcrftanding tliatany  of  their  eftemies  had  abuicd  v5 
m  our  iourney  es,  hearing  that  wee  had  wrought  no  re- 
itcngc  with  our  weapons5& fearing vpon  fomccaufethc 
matter  (houldfb  reft;  did  come  andinn:eatevs  that  wcr 
ivouldc  bee  a  meancs  to  our  God  that  they  as  others 
thatbad  dealt  ill  with  v^  might  In  Kke  fort  die-,  alka- 
ging  bowc  much  it  would  be  for  our  crcditeand  profited. 


as  alfo  theirs;and  hoping  furthermore  that  wc  would  do 
famuchattheirrequeftsinrefpP<3:ofthefi:ie.ndfhip  wc 
proJeflethcm. 

Whofccotr^atiesr  although  wee  (hewed  that  they 
were  viigodlie^^ffirming  that  our  God  would  not  fub- 
icd  him  Iclfe  to  aniefuchpraiers  and  requeues  of  men: 
that  in<leede  all  thinges  haue  beene  and  were  to  be  done 
according  to  his  good  picafure  as  hcJbad  ordained :  and 
that  wetolliew  ourfelues  his  true  fcruants  ought  rather 
to  make  petition  for  the  contrarie,  that  they  with  them 
might  liuetogedier  with  vs,  bee  made  partakers  of  his 
truth  &  ferue  him  in  righteoufiiessbut  notwitftanding  in 
fuch  fortjthaj:  w.cc  refene  that  as  all  other  thinges^to  bee 
doneaccordingtohisdiuinewUl&pleafurCj  and  as  by 
his  vvifedome  he  had  ordained  to  be  beft. 

Yet  becaufe  the  efFeS  fell  our  fo  fodainly  and  fhortly 
after  according  to  their  defires^they  thought  ncucrthe- 
lefle  it  came  to  pafle  by  our  meanes^and  that  wcin  vfing 
fuch  /peeches  vnto  them  did  but  diflemble  the  matter, 
and  therefore  came  vnto  vs  to  giue  vs  thankes  in  tbcifi 
manner  that  although  wee  fatisfied  them,  not  in  pro- 
mife^yet  in  decd'es  and  effed  we  had  fulfilled  their  dt- 
fires. 

This  maruelous  accident  in  all  the  countric  wrought 
fo  ftrahge  opinions  of  vs^that  fome  people  could  not  tcl 
whether  to  think  vs  gods  dr  men^  and  the  rather  becaufe 
chat  all  the  fpace  of  their  fickneffe^there  was  no  man  of 
ours  knowne  to  die,  or  that  was  IpecialJy  fickc :.  tliey  no- 
ted  alfo  that  wehad  no  women  araongftvs,  neither  that 
we  did  care  for  any  of  theirs. 

Some  therefore  were  of  opinion  that  wee  were  not 
borne  of  women^and  therefore  not  mortallj-but  that  wee 
were  men  of  an  old  generation  many  y  ecres  paft  then  n^ 

fm 


of  the  nerfifoundlmdof Virginia. 
fen  agalne  to  ihimortalitic. 

Some  wouldc  like  wife  fccme  to  prophcfic  that  there 
were  more  of  our  generation  ye^  to  come,  to  killtheirs 
and  take  their  places,  as  fome  thought  the  purpofc  was 
by  that  which  was  already  done. 

Thofe  that  were  immediatlyto  come  after  vs  they  i- 
niagined  to  be  in  the  aire,yet  inuifible  &  without  bodies, 
&  that  they  by  our  intreaty  &  for  the  loue  of  vs  did  make 
thepeopletodicinthatfortasthcydidby  (hooting  in- 
iiifibie  bullets  into  them. 

lb  confirme  this  opinion  their  phifitionstoexcufc 
their  ignorancein  curing  the  difeafe,  would  not  be  afha- 
med  to  fay  jbut^ameftly  make  the  fimple  people  bcleue, 
that  the  firings  of  blood  that  they  fucked  out  of  the  fickc 
bodics^wcre  the  firings  whetewithall  the  inuifible  bul- 
lets were  tied  and  caft. 

Some  alfo  thought  that  wc  (hot  them  our  felucs  out 
of  our  pieces  from  the  place  where  we  dwelt,  and  killed 
the  people  ifi  any  foch  towne  that  had  of&nded  vsas  wc 
liftedjho w  farre  diftant  from  vs  foeuer  it  were* 

And  other  fome  faide  that  it  was  the  fpeciaH  woorkc 
of  God  for  our  fekes,  as  wee  our  felues  haue  caufc  in 
feme  forte  to  thinke  no  lefle ,  whatfoeuer  fome  doe  or 
•BiaieimagTnctothe  contrarie,  fpecially  (bme  Aftro- 
logers  Tcnowingof  the  Eclipfc  of  the  Sunne  which  wee 
fawthc  fame  yeere  before  in  our  voyage  thy  thcr  ward, 
which  vnto  them  appeared  very  terrible.  And  alfo  of  a 
Comet  which  beganne  tosppeare  but  a  fewdaies  be- 
fore the  beginning  of  the  faid  ficknefle.  But  to  conclude 
them:fromt)exng  the  fpeciaJl  caufes  pf  fo  fpcciall  an  ac- 
cident, there  are  farther  rcafons  then  Ithinke  fit  at  this 
prefent  to  bee  ^kadgcd. 

Th^fc  theitopittions  I  hauc  fct  downc  the  raoreai 

F,2,  large 


A  briefeanitrue  report 

large  that  it  may  appcarc  vnto  you  that  there  is  good 
hope  they  may  be  brought  through  difcrect  dealing  and 
gouecneracnt  to  the  imbracing ot  the  trueth^  and  conle- 
quently  to  hpnour^obey/eare  and  loue  vs. 

And  although  fome  of  ourcompanie  towardcsthc 
cnde  of theyeare^ftiewed  themfelues  too  fierce,  in  flay- 
ing fome  ot  the  peot)le,in  fome  towns,  vpon  caufes  that 
on  our  part^might c^fily  cnougbhaue  been  borne  with- 
all:  yet  notwithftanding  becaule  it  was  on  their  part  iufU 
Iv  dcferued,  the  alteration  of  their  opinions  generally  & 
torthemoftpart  concerning  vs  is  the  lefle  to  bee  doub- 
ted* And  whatfqeuer  els  they  maylje,  by  carefulnefle  of 
our  felues  neede  nothing  at  all  to  be  feared, 

ThebcftfteuertheleflcinthisLasinall  anions  befides 
is  to  be  endeuoured  and  hoped^Sc  of  the  worft  that  may 
happen  notice  to  bee  taken  with  confideration,  and  a$ 
much  as  may  be  efchewed. 

The  Condujion^ 

NOw  I  haue  as  Jhopc  made  relation  not  of  Ibfewe 
and  fraal  things  but  that  the  countrey  of  meathat 
are  indifferent  &  weldifpofcd  maiebe  fufliciently 
liked :  If  there  were  no  more  knowen  then  I  haue  menti- 
oned, which  doubtleflc  and  in  great  reafon  is  nothing 
to  that  which  remaincth  tobee  difcouered,  neither  the 
foilc^nor  commodities.  Aswe  haue  reafon  fo  to  gather 
by  the  difiFcrcce  we  found rn  our  trauails j  for  although  all 
which  Ihaue  before  Q)oke  of,haue  bin  difcouered  &  ex"- 
perimented  not  far  fro  the  fca  coaft  where  was  our  abode 
&  moft  of  our  trauailing :  yet  (bmtimes  as  wemade  our 
iourncics  farther  into  the  maine  and  countrey^  we  found 
the  foylc  to  bee  fatters  the  trees  greater  and  to  g-owe 

thinaer 


of  the  nswfoundUndofUirginia. 

thinner;  the  grounde  more  firme  and  deeper  mouldj 
inore  and  larger  champions;  finer  grafle  and  as  good  as 
cu^rwefawany  inEn^ands  in  fome  places  rockie  and 
farremore  high  and  hillie  ground;  more  plentie  of  their 
fruites;  more  abundance  of  beaftes;  themore  inhabited 
with  peopIc,and  of  greater  pollicie  &  larger  dominions, 
with  greater  townes  and  houfes. 

Why  may  wee  not  thenlookc  for  in  good  hope  from 
theinner  parts  of  more  and  greaterplentie, as  wellofo. 
ther  things,  as  ofthofe  which  wee  hauc  alreadic  difco- 
uered?Vnto  the  Spaniardes  happened  the  like  in  difco* 
ucring  the  maine  of  the  Weft  Indies.  The  maine  alfo  of 
this  countrey  of r/rj/^/^jex  tending  (bme  wayes  (b  many 
hundreds  of  leagues^as  otherwife  then  by  the  relation  of 
the  inhabitants  wee  haucmoft  certaine  knowledge  ofi 
where  yet  no  Chriftian  Prince  hath  any  pofleffion  or 
dealingjCannot  but  yeeld  many  kinds  of  excellent  com- 
XQodities^which  we  in  our  difcouerie  haue  not  yet  feenc. 

What  hope  there  is  els  to  be  gathered  of  the  nature 
of  the  climatc^being  anfwcrable  to  the  Hand  oilofon^z 

land  oiChwa^PerJia^laryy  the  Ilandes  oiCjffrus  and  Cartefy^ 
the  South  parts  o( Greece y  Italj  ^  and  Spaif7ey  and  of  many 
other  notable  and  famous  countreis,  becaufelmeanc 
not  to  be  tedious,!  leauc  to  your  owne  confideration. 

Whereby  alio  the  excellent  temperature  of  the  ayre 
there  at  all  feafbns,  much  warmer  then  ih  England,  and 
neuer  (b  violently  hot,as  fometimes  is  vnder  &  between 
the  Tropikes,ornere  them;  cannot  beevnknowne  vnta 
you  without  fartherrelation. 

For  the  holfomneffe  thereof  I  needetofaybutthus 
much:  that  for  all  the  want  of prouifion,asfirIl  of  Eng-> 
li(h  viduallj  excepting  for  twentie  daies,  wee  Uucd  only 
by  drinking  water  and  by  the  viiauall  of  the  countrey,  of 

F  3,  which 


Ahriefc  and  truere^on 

which  foirjc  forts  were  very  ftraungc  vnto  vs,  and  might 
hauc  bene  thought  tohaue  altered  our  temperatures  ia 
fuch  fort  as  to  haue  brought  vs  into  fomc  grceuous  and 
dangerous  difcafcs.'fecodly  thewant  of  Englifti  meanes, 
for  the  taking  of  beaftes^  fifhe,  and  foule,  which  by  th<2 
help  e  only  of  the  inhabitants  and  their  meaner,  coulde 
notbeefofuddentyandeafilyprouidedfor  vs,norin  fo 
great  numbers&  quantities,  nor  of  that  choife  as  other-« 
wife  might  hauc  bene  to  our  better  (atisfadtton  and  con- 
tentment.  Some  want  alfo  wee  had  of  clothes.  Further- 
more^inallour  trauailcs  which  were  moft  fpccialfand 
often  in  the  time  of  winter,  our  lodging  was  in  the  open 
aire  vpon  the  grounde.  And  yet  I  fay  for  all  this,  there 
were  but  foure  of  our  whole^company  (being  onehundr 
drcd  and  eight )  that  died  all  the  yecre  and  that  but  at 
the  latter  ende  thereof  and  vpon  none  of  the  aforcfaide 
caufes.  For  all  foure  efoecially  three  were  feeble,  weake, 
and  fickly  perfons  beroreeuerthcy  came  thither,  and 
thofc  that  kncwe  them  much  marueyled  that  they  Xx,^ 
uedfolong  beeing  in  that  cafe,  or  had  aduentured  m 
trauaile. 

Seeing  therefore  the  ayrc  there  is  fo  temperate  and^ 
holfome,  the  foylefo  fertile  and  ycelding  fuch  commo- 
dities as  I  haue  before  mentioned,  the  voyage  alfo  thi* 
iher  to  and  fro  beeing  fufficicntly  experimented,  tohefe 
perfourmcd  thrife  a  yeere  with  eafe  and  at  any  feafoa 
thereof:  And  the  dealing  o(SirtvaterRaUtgh  fo  libeTall 
in  large  giuing  and  graunting  landetherc,  asisalreadic 
knowen,wichmany  helpes  and  furtherances  els :  (The 
leaft  that  hee  hath  graunied  hath  bcenc  fine  hundred 
acres  toaman  onely  for  the  aduenture  of  hisperfon): 
I  hope  there  remains  no  caufc  whcrby  the  a<9tioa  Ihoidd 
bcmifliked. 

If 


of  the  new  found  land  of  Virginia. 

If  thatthofc  which  (hall  thither  trauaile  to  inhabitd 
and  plant  bcc  but  rcafonaWy  prouided  forthefirftycrc 
as  thofe  are  which  were  tranfportfed'thc  laftjandbcc- 
ing  there  doe  vfe  but  that  diligence  and  care  as  isrc- 
quifitc^andas  they  may  with  cafe  :  There  is  no  doubt 
but  for  the  time  following  they  may  hauc  victuals  that 
is  es;cellentgood  and  plentie  enough,  fome  more  Eng- 
Kfhe  fortes  of  cattaile  alfo  hereafter,asfome  haucbenc 
before,  and  are  there  yet  remaining,  may  and  fhall  bcc 
God  willing  thither  tranlported :  Solikcwifeour  kindc 
of  fruites^rootes  ^and  hearbcs  may  bee.there  planted 
and  fowedjas  fome  haue  bene  alrcadie,  and  proue  wel. 
And  in  (horttime  alfo  they  mayraife  df  thole  fortes  of 
commodities  which  I  bauefpokcn  of  as  (hall  both  en- 
rich themfelucs ,  as  alfo  others  that  (hall  deale  with 
^em. 

And  this  is  all  the  fruites  of  our  labours^thatlhauc 
thought  ncceflary  to  aducrtife  you  of  at  this  prcfent: 
what  els  conccrncth  the  nature  and  manners  of  the 
inhabitants  o( P^rgwia  :T!hc  number  with  the  particu- 
larities of  the  voyages  thither  made^  and  of  the  ani- 
ons of  fiich  that  bauc  bene  by  SfrfVaterRale/gh  therein 
and  there  imployed^many  worthy  to  bee  rem^mbredj 
as  of  the  firlldilcouerersof  theCountrcy :  of  ourGe- 
nerall  for  the  time  Sir  Richard  Greinuile\  and  after  his 
departure,  of  our  Gouernour  there  Mafter-R^/tfL4»f; 
with  diucrs  other  direfted  and  imployed  vnder  theyr 
gouemcmcnt :  Of  the  Captayncs  and  Matters  of  the 
voyages  made  (incc  for  tranfportationjof  thcGoucr- 
nour  and  afliftants  of  thofe  alredie  tranfported,as  of  ma- 
ny pcrfons,accidcnts,ahd  thinges  els,  I  haue  ready  in  a 
dHcourfc  by  it  fdf  in  manaof  a  Chronidc  according  to 

the 


A  briefi^nd  true  report 

tothe  eourfc  of  times,  ancj  when  time  fhall  bee  thougtit 
conuementfhall  bealfo  publifhcdr 

Thusreferring^my  rclatipa  to  yoqrfaqourablc  coa* 

thruftionsjiexpeainggood  fucceueof  the  aftion^from 

him  which  is  to  be  acknowledged  the  authour  and  go- 

ucrnour  not  only  of  this  but  of  all  things  els,  I 

take  my  leaue  of  you3tMs  raoncth  of 

February.  I  *i%Z. 


FINIS« 


TAUtuefiafeA 
Bi^.fag.  I  Jin.  lO.foTfTangomkkst^'figneade^mgomoe^ 
fi(onaimindge.B.^fi(g^JmaO*fQr^f0(fh;f^^ 
C9/i,*pag.2Uf^»2i.forygodfnfafie»reade^oodm  tafte. 
Tic  rejt  ifafy  be  the  dipre$te  Rentier  maj  etfjilj  tim&jdm 


•  t 


HOME  USE 

CIRCULATION  DEPARTMENT 

MAIN  LIBRARY 

This  book  is  due  on  tlie  last  date  stamped  below. 
1 -month  loans  may  be  renewed  by  calling  642-3405. 
6month  loans  may  be  recharged  by  bringing  books 

to  Circulation  Desk. 
Renewals  and  recharges  may  be  made  4  days  prior 

to  due  date. 

ALL  BOOKS  ARE  SUBJECT  TO  RECALL  7  DAYS 

AFTER  DATE  {JHECKED  OUT. 


SEP    51ST5 


EECCIR,    SEP  0275 


iXa_23l394 


JAN  2  2  ZOOU 


LD21 — A-40m-5,'74 
(R8191L) 


General  Library 

University  of  California 

Berkeley 


•  LJ      VJU^A^  / 


U.C.BERKELEY  LIBRARIES 

nil 

1 

CDMblMM'^afci 

/fo5 


ii.ry?^ 


iniiiiiiinjiijiiiin 


IIIH 


