title: The Vision of the Maid of Orleans, Book II (part 1 of 3)
author: Robert Southey
date: c. 1797-1799
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/8639 (Poems, vol. II, Bristol: Biggs and Cottle, 1799)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: blank verse

She spake, and lo! celestial radiance beam’d
Amid the air, such odors wafting now
As erst came blended with the evening gale,
From Eden’s bowers of bliss. An angel form
Stood by the Maid; his wings, etherial white,
Flash’d like the diamond in the noon-tide sun,
Dazzling her mortal eye: all else appear’d
Her Theodore.
Amazed she saw: the Fiend
Was fled, and on her ear the well-known voice
Sounded, tho’ now more musically sweet
Than ever yet had thrill’d her charmed soul,
When eloquent Affection fondly told
The day-dreams of delight.
“Beloved Maid!
Lo! I am with thee! still thy Theodore!
Hearts in the holy bands of Love combin’d,
Death has no power to sever. Thou art mine!
A little while and thou shalt dwell with me
In scenes where Sorrow is not. Cheerily
Tread thou the path that leads thee to the grave,
Rough tho’ it be and painful, for the grave
Is but the threshold of Eternity.
Favour’d of Heaven! to thee is given to view
These secret realms. The bottom of the abyss
Thou treadest, Maiden! Here the dungeons are
Where bad men learn repentance; souls diseased
Must have their remedy; and where disease
Is rooted deep, the remedy is long
Perforce, and painful.”
Thus the Spirit spake,
And led the Maid along a narrow path,
Dark gleaming to the light of far-off flames,
More dread than darkness. Soon the distant sound
Of clanking anvils, and the lengthened breath
Provoking fire are heard: and now they reach
A wide expanded den where all around
Tremendous furnaces, with hellish blaze,
Flamed dreadful. At the heaving bellows stood
The meagre form of Care, and as he blew
To augment the fire, the fire augmented scorch’d
His wretched limbs: sleepless for ever thus
He toil’d and toil’d, of toil to reap no end
But endless toil and never-ending woe.
An aged man went round the infernal vault,
Urging his workmen to their ceaseless task:
White were his locks, as is the wintry snow
On hoar Plinlimmon’s head. A golden staff
His steps supported; powerful talisman,
Which whoso feels shall never feel again
The tear of Pity, or the throb of Love.
Touch’d but by this, the massy gates give way,
The buttress trembles, and the guarded wall,
Guarded in vain, submits. Him heathens erst
Had deified, and bowed the suppliant knee
To Plutus. Nor are now his votaries few,
Tho’ he the Blessed Teacher of mankind
Hath said, that easier thro’ the needle’s eye
Shall the huge camel pass, than the rich man
Enter the gates of heaven. “Ye cannot serve
Your God, and worship Mammon.”
“Missioned Maid!”
So spake the Angel, “know that these, whose hands
Round each white furnace ply the unceasing toil,
Were Mammon’s slaves on earth. They did not spare
To wring from Poverty the hard-earn’d mite,
They robb’d the orphan’s pittance, they could see
Want’s asking eye unmoved; and therefore these,
Ranged round the furnace, still must persevere
In Mammon’s service; scorched by these fierce fires,
And frequent deluged by the o’erboiling ore:
Yet still so framed, that oft to quench their thirst
Unquenchable, large draughts of molten gold
They drink insatiate, still with pain renewed,
Pain to destroy.”
So saying, her he led
Forth from the dreadful cavern to a cell,
Brilliant with gem-born light. The rugged walls
Part gleam’d with gold, and part with silver ore
A milder radiance shone. The Carbuncle
There its strong lustre like the flamy sun
Shot forth irradiate; from the earth beneath,
And from the roof a diamond light emits;
Rubies and amethysts their glows commix’d
With the gay topaz, and the softer ray
Shot from the sapphire, and the emerald’s hue,
And bright pyropus.
There on golden seats,
A numerous, sullen, melancholy train
Sat silent. “Maiden, these,” said Theodore,
Are they who let the love of wealth absorb
All other passions; in their souls that vice
Struck deeply-rooted, like the poison-tree
That with its shade spreads barrenness around.
These, Maid! were men by no atrocious crime
Blacken’d, no fraud, nor ruffian violence:
Men of fair dealing, and respectable
On earth, but such as only for themselves
Heap’d up their treasures, deeming all their wealth
Their own, and given to them, by partial Heaven,
To bless them only: therefore here they sit,
Possessed of gold enough, and by no pain
Tormented, save the knowledge of the bliss
They lost, and vain repentance. Here they dwell,
Loathing these useless treasures, till the hour
Of general restitution.”
Thence they past,
And now arrived at such a gorgeous dome,
As even the pomp of Eastern opulence
Could never equal: wandered thro’ its halls
A numerous train; some with the red-swoln eye
Of riot, and intemperance-bloated cheek;
Some pale and nerveless, and with feeble step,
And eyes lack-lustre.
Maiden? said her guide,
These are the wretched slaves of Appetite,
Curst with their wish enjoyed. The epicure
Here pampers his foul frame, till the pall’d sense
Loaths at the banquet; the voluptuous here
Plunge in the tempting torrent of delight,
And sink in misery. All they wish’d on earth,
Possessing here, whom have they to accuse,
But their own folly, for the lot they chose?
Yet, for that these injured themselves alone,
They to the house of Penitence may hie,
And, by a long and painful regimen,
To wearied Nature her exhausted powers
Restore, till they shall learn to form the wish
Of wisdom, and Almighty Goodness grants
That prize to him who seeks it.”
Whilst he spake,
The board is spread. With bloated paunch, and eye
Fat swoln, and legs whose monstrous size disgraced
The human form divine, their caterer,
Hight Gluttony, set forth the smoaking feast.
And by his side came on a brother form,
With fiery cheek of purple hue, and red
And scurfy-white, mix’d motley; his gross bulk,
Like some huge hogshead shapen’d, as applied.
Him had antiquity with mystic rites
Ador’d, to him the sons of Greece, and thine
Imperial Rome, on many an altar pour’d
The victim blood, with godlike titles graced,
Bacchus, or Dionusus; son of Jove,
Deem’d falsely, for from Folly’s ideot form
He sprung, what time Madness, with furious hand,
Seiz’d on the laughing female. At one birth
She brought the brethren, menial here, above
Reigning with sway supreme, and oft they hold
High revels: mid the Monastery’s gloom,
