title: The Vision of the Maid of Orleans, Book III (part 2 of 3)
author: Robert Southey
date: c. 1797-1799
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/8639 (Poems, vol. II, Bristol: Biggs and Cottle, 1799)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 139
attribution: certain
notes: blank verse

Amid this peaceful vale, unclos’d on him,
My Arnaud! he had built me up a bower,
A bower of rest.—See, Maiden, where he comes,
His manly lineaments, his beaming eye
The same, but now a holier innocence
Sits on his cheek, and loftier thoughts illume
The enlighten’d glance.”
They met, what joy was theirs
He best can feel, who for a dear friend dead
Has wet the midnight pillow with his tears.

Fair was the scene around; an ample vale
Whose mountain circle at the distant verge
Lay softened on the sight; the near ascent
Rose bolder up, in part abrupt and bare,
Part with the ancient majesty of woods
Adorn’d, or lifting high its rocks sublime.
The river’s liquid radiance roll’d beneath,
Beside the bower of Madelon it wound
A broken stream, whose shallows, tho’ the waves
Roll’d on their way with rapid melody,
A child might tread. Behind, an orange grove
Its gay green foliage starr’d with golden fruit;
But with what odours did their blossoms load
The passing gale of eve! less thrilling sweet
Rose from the marble’s perforated floor,
Where kneeling at her prayers, the Moorish queen
Inhaled the cool delight, and whilst she asked
The Prophet for his promised paradise,
Shaped from the present scene its utmost joys.
A goodly scene! fair as that faery land
Where Arthur lives, by ministering spirits borne
From Camlan’s bloody banks; or as the groves
Of earliest Eden, where, so legends say,
Enoch abides, and he who rapt away
By fiery steeds, and chariotted in fire,
Past in his mortal form the eternal ways;
And John, beloved of Christ, enjoying there
The beatific vision, sometimes seen
The distant dawning of eternal day,
Till all things be fulfilled.
“Survey this scene!”
So Theodore address’d the Maid of Arc,
“There is no evil here, no wretchedness,
It is the Heaven of those who nurst on earth
Their nature’s gentlest feelings. Yet not here
Centering their joys, but with a patient hope,
Waiting the allotted hour when capable
Of loftier callings, to a better state
They pass; and hither from that better state
Frequent they come, preserving so those ties
That thro’ the infinite progressiveness
Complete our perfect bliss.
“Even such, so blest,
Save that the memory of no sorrows past
Heightened the present joy, our world was once,
In the first æra of its innocence
Ere man had learnt to bow the knee to man.
Was there a youth whom warm affection fill’d,
He spake his honest heart; the earliest fruits
His toil produced, the sweetest flowers that deck’d
The sunny bank, he gather’d for the maid,
Nor she disdain’d the gift; for Vice not yet
Had burst the dungeons of her hell, and rear’d
Those artificial boundaries that divide
Man from his species. State of blessedness!
Till that ill-omen’d hour when Cain’s stern son
Delved in the bowels of the earth for gold,
Accursed bane of virtue! of such force
As poets feign dwelt in the Gorgon’s locks,
Which whoso saw, felt instant the life-blood
Cold curdle in his veins, the creeping flesh
Grew stiff with horror, and the heart forgot
To beat. Accursed hour! for man no more
To Justice paid his homage, but forsook
Her altars, and bow’d down before the shrine
Of Wealth and Power, the Idols he had made.
Then Hell enlarged herself, her gates flew wide,
Her legion fiends rush’d forth. Oppression came
Whose frown is desolation, and whose breath
Blasts like the Pestilence; and Poverty,
A meagre monster, who with withering touch
Makes barren all the better part of man,
Mother of Miseries. Then the goodly earth
Which God had fram’d for happiness, became
One theatre of woe, and all that God
Had given to bless free men, these tyrant fiends
His bitterest curses made. Yet for the best
Hath he ordained all things, the ALL-WISE!
For by experience rous’d shall man at length
Dash down his Moloch-Idols, Samson-like
And burst his fetters, only strong whilst strong
Believed. Then in the bottomless abyss
Oppression shall be chain’d, and Poverty
Die, and with her, her brood of Miseries;
And Virtue and Equality preserve
The reign of Love, and Earth shall once again
Be Paradise, whilst Wisdom shall secure
The state of bliss which Ignorance betrayed.”

“Oh age of happiness!” the Maid exclaim’d,
Roll fast thy current, Time till that blest age
Arrive! and happy thou my Theodore,
Permitted thus to see the sacred depths
Of wisdom!”
“Such,” the blessed Spirit replied,
Beloved! such our lot; allowed to range
The vast infinity, progressive still
In knowledge and encreasing blessedness,
This our united portion. Thou hast yet
A little while to sojourn amongst men:
I will be with thee! there shall not a breeze
Wanton around thy temples, on whose wing
I will not hover near! and at that hour
When from its fleshly sepulchre let loose,
Thy phoenix soul shall soar, O best-beloved!
I will be with thee in thine agonies,
And welcome thee to life and happiness,
Eternal infinite beatitude!”

He spake, and led her near a straw-roof’d cot,
Love’s Palace. By the Virtues circled there,
The cherub listen’d to such melodies,
As aye, when one good deed is register’d
Above, re-echo in the halls of Heaven.
Labour was there, his crisp locks floating loose,
Clear was his cheek, and beaming his full eye,
And strong his arm robust; the wood-nymph Health
Still follow’d on his path, and where he trod
Fresh flowers and fruits arose. And there was Hope,
The general friend; and Pity, whose mild eye
Wept o’er the widowed dove; and, loveliest form,
Majestic Chastity, whose sober smile
Delights and awes the soul; a laurel wreath
Restrain’d her tresses, and upon her breast
The snow-drop hung its head, that seem’d to grow
Spontaneous, cold and fair: still by the maid
Love went submiss, wilh eye more dangerous
Than fancied basilisk to wound whoe’er
Too bold approached; yet anxious would he read
Her every rising wish, then only pleased
When pleasing. Hymning him the song was rais’d.
