title: Lord William (part 2 of 3)
author: Robert Southey
date: c. 1797-1799
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/8639 (Poems, vol. II, Bristol: Biggs and Cottle, 1799)
form: mixed
lines: 112
attribution: certain
notes: ballad

How horrible it is to sink
Beneath the chilly stream,
To stretch the powerless arms in vain,
In vain for help to scream?

The shriek again was heard. It came
More deep, more piercing loud,
That instant o’er the flood the moon
Shone through a broken cloud.

And near them they beheld a child,
Upon a crag he stood,
A little crag, and all around
Was spread the rising flood.

The boatman plied the oar, the boat
Approach’d his resting place,
The moon-beam shone upon the child
And show’d how pale his face.

Now reach thine hand! the boatman cried
Lord William reach and save!
The child stretch’d forth his little hands
To grasp the hand he gave.

Then William shriek’d; the hand he touch’d
Was cold and damp and dead!
He felt young Edmund in his arms
A heavier weight than lead.

The boat sunk down, the murderer sunk
Beneath the avenging stream;
He rose, he scream’d, no human ear
Heard William’s drowning scream.

A Ballad, Shewing how an old Woman rode Double, and who rode before
her.

heavy black illustration (woodcut) of the title ­ worth seeing!

Matthew of Westminster.

This story is also related by Olaus Magnus, and in the Nuremberg
Chronicle, from which the wooden cut is taken.

A Ballad, Shewing how an old Woman rode Double, and who rode before
her.

The Raven croak’d as she sate at her meal,
And the Old Woman knew what he said,
And she grew pale at the Raven’s tale,
And sicken’d and went to her bed.

Now fetch me my children, and fetch them with speed,
The Old Woman of Berkeley said,
The monk my son, and my daughter the nun
Bid them hasten or I shall be dead.

The monk her son, and her daughter the nun,
Their way to Berkeley went,
And they have brought with pious thought
The holy sacrament.

The old Woman shriek’d as they entered her door,
’Twas fearful her shrieks to hear,
Now take the sacrament away
For mercy, my children dear!

Her lip it trembled with agony,
The sweat ran down her brow,
I have tortures in store for evermore,
Oh! spare me my children now!

Away they sent the sacrament,
The fit it left her weak,
She look’d at her children with ghastly eyes
And faintly struggled to speak.

All kind of sin I have rioted in
And the judgment now must be,
But I secured my childrens souls,
Oh! pray my children for me.

I have suck’d the breath of sleeping babes,
The fiends have been my slaves,
I have nointed myself with infants fat,
And feasted on rifled graves.

And the fiend will fetch me now in fire
My witchcrafts to atone,
And I who have rifled the dead man’s grave
Shall never have rest in my own.

Bless I intreat my winding sheet
My children I beg of you!
And with holy water sprinkle my shroud
And sprinkle my coffin too.

And let me be chain’d in my coffin of stone
And fasten it strong I implore
With iron bars, and let it be chain’d
With three chains to the church floor.

And bless the chains and sprinkle them,
And let fifty priests stand round,
Who night and day the mass may say
Where I lie on the ground.

And let fifty choristers be there
The funeral dirge to sing,
Who day and night by the taper’s light
Their aid to me may bring.

Let the church bells all both great and small
Be toll’d by night and day,
To drive from thence the fiends who come
To bear my corpse away.

And ever have the church door barr’d
After the even song,
And I beseech you children dear
Let the bars and bolts be strong.

And let this be three days and nights
My wretched corpse to save,
Preserve me so long from the fiendish throng
And then I may rest in my grave.

The Old Woman of Berkeley laid her down
And her eyes grew deadly dim,
Short came her breath and the struggle of death
Did loosen every limb.

They blest the old woman’s winding sheet
With rites and prayers as due,
With holy water they sprinkled her shroud
And they sprinkled her coffin too.

And they chain’d her in her coffin of stone
And with iron barr’d it down,
And in the church with three strong chains
They chain’d it to the ground.
