title: English Eclogues (part 2 of 6)
author: Robert Southey
date: c. 1797-1799
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/8639 (Poems, vol. II, Bristol: Biggs and Cottle, 1799)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: 

Stranger.
But sure all changes are not needs for the worse
My friend.

Old Man.
May-hap they mayn’t Sir;—for all that
I like what I’ve been us’d to. I remember
All this from a child up, and now to lose it,
’Tis losing an old friend. There’s nothing left
As ’twas;—I go abroad and only meet
With men whose fathers I remember boys;
The brook that used to run before my door
That’s gone to the great pond; the trees I learnt
To climb are down; and I see nothing now
That tells me of old times, except the stones
In the church-yard. You are young Sir and I hope
Have many years in store,—but pray to God
You mayn’t be left the last of all your friends.

Stranger.
Well! well! you’ve one friend more than you’re aware of.
If the Squire’s taste don’t suit with your’s, I warrant
That’s all you’ll quarrel with: walk in and taste
His beer, old friend! and see if your old Lady
E’er broached a better cask. You did not know me,
But we’re acquainted now. ’Twould not be easy
To make you like the outside; but within—
That is not changed my friend! you’ll always find
The same old bounty and old welcome there.

Jane.
Harry! I’m tired of playing. We’ll draw round
The fire, and Grandmamma perhaps will tell us
One of her stories.

Harry.
Aye—dear Grandmamma!
A pretty story! something dismal now;
A bloody murder.

Jane.
Or about a ghost.

Grandmother.
Nay, nay, I should but frighten you. You know
The other night when I was telling you
About the light in the church-yard, how you trembled
Because the screech-owl hooted at the window,
And would not go to bed.

Jane.
Why Grandmamma
You said yourself you did not like to hear him.
Pray now! we wo’nt be frightened.

Grandmother.
Well, well, children!
But you’ve heard all my stories. Let me see,—
Did I never tell you how the smuggler murdered
The woman down at Pill?

Harry.
No—never! never!

Grandmother.
Not how he cut her head off in the stable?

Harry.
Oh—now! do tell us that!

Grandmother.
You must have heard
Your Mother, children! often tell of her.
She used to weed in the garden here, and worm
Your uncle’s dogs, and serve the house with coal;
And glad enough she was in winter time
To drive her asses here! it was cold work
To follow the slow beasts thro’ sleet and snow,
And here she found a comfortable meal
And a brave fire to thaw her, for poor Moll
Was always welcome.

Harry.
Oh—’twas blear-eyed Moll
The collier woman,—a great ugly woman,
I’ve heard of her.

Grandmother.
Ugly enough poor soul!
At ten yards distance you could hardly tell
If it were man or woman, for her voice
Was rough as our old mastiff’s, and she wore
A man’s old coat and hat,—and then her face!
There was a merry story told of her,
How when the press-gang came to take her husband
As they were both in bed, she heard them coming,
Drest John up in her night-cap, and herself
Put on his clothes and went before the Captain.

Jane.
And so they prest a woman!

Grandmother.
’Twas a trick
She dearly loved to tell, and all the country
Soon knew the jest, for she was used to travel
For miles around. All weathers and all hours
She crossed the hill, as hardy as her beasts,
Bearing the wind and rain and winter frosts,
And if she did not reach her home at night
She laid her down in the stable with her asses
And slept as sound as they did.

Harry.
With her asses!

Grandmother.
Yes, and she loved her beasts. For tho’ poor wretch
She was a terrible reprobate and swore
Like any trooper, she was always good
To the dumb creatures, never loaded them
Beyond their strength, and rather I believe
Would stint herself than let the poor beasts want,
Because, she said, they could not ask for food.
I never saw her stick fall heavier on them
Than just with its own weight. She little thought
This tender-heartedness would be her death!
There was a fellow who had oftentimes,
As if he took delight in cruelty.
Ill-used her Asses. He was one who lived
By smuggling, and, for she had often met him
Crossing the down at night, she threatened him,
If he tormented them again, to inform
Of his unlawful ways. Well—so it was—
’Twas what they both were born to, he provoked her,
She laid an information, and one morn
They found her in the stable, her throat cut
From ear to ear, till the head only hung
Just by a bit of skin.

Jane.
Oh dear! oh dear!

Harry.
I hope they hung the man!

Grandmother.
They took him up;
There was no proof, no one had seen the deed,
And he was set at liberty. But God
Whoss eye beholdeth all things, he had seen
The murder, and the murderer knew that God
Was witness to his crime. He fled the place,
But nowhere could he fly the avenging hand
Of heaven, but nowhere could the murderer rest,
A guilty conscience haunted him, by day,
By night, in company, in solitude,
Restless and wretched, did he bear upon him
The weight of blood; her cries were in his ears,
Her stifled groans as when he knelt upon her
Always he heard; always he saw her stand
Before his eyes; even in the dead of night
Distinctly seen as tho’ in the broad sun,
She stood beside the murderer’s bed and yawn’d
Her ghastly wound; till life itself became
A punishment at last he could not bear,
And he confess’d it all, and gave himself
To death, so terrible, he said, it was
To have a guilty conscience!
