title: English Eclogues (part 3 of 6)
author: Robert Southey
date: c. 1797-1799
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/8639 (Poems, vol. II, Bristol: Biggs and Cottle, 1799)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 138
attribution: certain
notes: 

Harry.
Was he hung then?

Grandmother.
Hung and anatomized. Poor wretched man,
Your uncles went to see him on his trial,
He was so pale, so thin, so hollow-eyed,
And such a horror in his meagre face,
They said he look’d like one who never slept.
He begg’d the prayers of all who saw his end
And met his death with fears that well might warn
From guilt, tho’ not without a hope in Christ.

The coffin as I past across the lane
Came sudden on my view. It was not here,
A sight of every day, as in the streets
Of the great city, and we paus’d and ask’d
Who to the grave was going. It was one,
A village girl, they told us, who had borne
An eighteen months strange illness, and had pined
With such slow wasting that the hour of death
Came welcome to her. We pursued our way
To the house of mirth, and with that idle talk
That passes o’er the mind and is forgot,
We wore away the time. But it was eve
When homewardly I went, and in the air
Was that cool freshness, that discolouring shade
That makes the eye turn inward. Then I heard
Over the vale the heavy toll of death
Sound slow; it made me think upon the dead,
I questioned more and learnt her sorrowful tale.
She bore unhusbanded a mother’s name,
And he who should have cherished her, far off
Sail’d on the seas, self-exil’d from his home,
For he was poor. Left thus, a wretched one,
Scorn made a mock of her, and evil tongues
Were busy with her name. She had one ill
Heavier, neglect, forgetfulness from him
Whom she had loved so dearly. Once he wrote,
But only once that drop of comfort came
To mingle with her cup of wretchedness;
And when his parents had some tidings from him,
There was no mention of poor Hannah there,
Or ’twas the cold enquiry, bitterer
Than silence. So she pined and pined away
And for herself and baby toil’d and toil’d,
Nor did she, even on her death bed, rest
From labour, knitting with her outstretch’d arms
Till she sunk with very weakness. Her old mother
Omitted no kind office, and she work’d
Hard, and with hardest working barely earn’d
Enough to make life struggle and prolong
The pains of grief and sickness. Thus she lay
On the sick bed of poverty, so worn
With her long suffering and that painful thought
That at her heart lay rankling, and so weak,
That she could make no effort to express
Affection for her infant; and the child,
Whose lisping love perhaps had solaced her
With a strange infantine ingratitude
Shunn’d her as one indifferent. She was past
That anguish, for she felt her hour draw on,
And ’twas her only comfoft now to think
Upon the grave. “Poor girl!” her mother said,
“Thou hast suffered much!” “aye mother! there is none
“Can tell what I have suffered!” she replied,
“But I shall soon be where the weary rest.”
And she did rest her soon, for it pleased God
To take her to his mercy.

Woman.
Sir for the love of God some small relief
To a poor woman!

Traveller.
Whither are you bound?
’Tis a late hour to travel o’er these downs,
No house for miles around us, and the way
Dreary and wild. The evening wind already
Makes one’s teeth chatter, and the very Sun,
Setting so pale behind those thin white clouds,
Looks cold. ’Twill be a bitter night!

Woman.
Aye Sir
’Tis cutting keen! I smart at every breath,
Heaven knows how I shall reach my journey’s end,
For the way is long before me, and my feet,
God help me! sore with travelling. I would gladly,
If it pleased God, lie down at once and die.

Traveller.
Nay nay cheer up! a little food and rest
Will comfort you; and then your journey’s end
Will make amends for all. You shake your head,
And weep. Is it some evil business then
That leads you from your home?

Woman.
Sir I am going
To see my son at Plymouth, sadly hurt
In the late action, and in the hospital
Dying, I fear me, now.

Traveller.
Perhaps your fears
Make evil worse. Even if a limb be lost
There may be still enough for comfort left
An arm or leg shot off, there’s yet the heart
To keep life warm, and he may live to talk
With pleasure of the glorious fight that maim’d him,
Proud of his loss. Old England’s gratitude
Makes the maim’d sailor happy.

Woman.
’Tis not that—
An arm or leg—I could have borne with that.
’Twas not a ball, it was some cursed thing
Which bursts and burns that hurt him. Something Sir
They do not use on board our English ships
It is so wicked!

Traveller.
Rascals! a mean art
Of cruel cowardice, yet all in vain!

Woman.
Yes Sir! and they should show no mercy to them
For making use of such unchristian arms.
I had a letter from the hospital,
He got some friend to write it, and he tells me
That my poor boy has lost his precious eyes,
Burnt out. Alas! that I should ever live
To see this wretched day!—they tell me Sir
There is no cure for wounds like his. Indeed
’Tis a hard journey that I go upon
To such a dismal end!

Traveller.
He yet may live.
But if the worst should chance, why you must bear
The will of heaven with patience. Were it not
Some comfort to reflect your son has fallen
Fighting his country’s cause? and for yourself
You will not in unpitied poverty
Be left to mourn his loss. Your grateful country
Amid the triumph of her victory
Remember those who paid its price of blood,
And with a noble charity relieves
The widow and the orphan.
