title: Ode Iii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 48
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

"OEOPLE must mount by flow degrees to glory—
'Tis stairs must lead us to the attic itory —
Thus thought my great old Name-fake, PETER CZAS;
Who bound himself, in Holland, to a trade;
A very pretty carpenter he made;
And- then went * home, and built a man of war.
The lad who would a 'pothecary mine,
Should powder claws. of crabs, and jalap, fine;
Keep the shop clean, and watch it like a porcer;
Learn to boilglyfttrs — nay, to give them too,
If blinking nurses can't the bus'nefs do;
Write well the labels, and wipe well the mortar.
Before that boys can rife to ma fter- tanners,
Humble those boys must be, and mind their manners;
Despising PRIDE, whose wifti it is to wreck 'em;
And mornings, with a bucket and a stick,
Should never once disdain to bend and pick,
From street to street, rich lumps of Album Grtecum.
Thus mould young limning lads themselves demean;
Learn how to keep their masters' brushes dean,
And learn to squeeze the colours from their bladders—
Furbish up rags; the mining pallet set;
Keep the knives bright, and eke the easel neat —
Such arts, to FAME'S high temple are the ladders.
Young men, so useful are the arts I mention;
(Believe me not an atom is invention).

The instant that I pen this ode, I know
A jew -like, mock-poll'd, scrubby, short, black rman,
More like a cobler than a gentleman —
Working on canvass, like a dog in dough.
By heav'ns! with scarce more knowledge than these,
lie earns a guinea ev'ry day with ease;
Attempteth heads of princes, dogs, cats, Tquires— -
Now on a monkey vent'reth, now a faint;
Talks Qthimjelf, and much himself admires,
And firms the verieit Bantam Cock of Paint.
13ut mind me, youths, I don't conceit advise,
Because 'tis fulsome to men's ears and eyes $
Whose tongues might cover you with ridicule;
And pray, who loves the appellation, /W t
Yet, if, in spite of all the Muse can say,
You will insist on going the wrong way,
And wijk tp be of "men the laughing-frock— •
Copy our little old black bantam cock;
Whose foul, moreover, of such sort is;
With (b much acrimony ovcrnows,
As makes him, wherefoe'er he goes,
A walking thumb-bottle of dyu
