title: Ode V
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 66
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

and poets never should be fat—
Sons of Apollo! listen well to that:
Fat is foul weather, dims the fancy's fight:
In poverty, the wits more nimbly muster:
Thus stars, when pinch'd by frost, cast keener lustre
On the black blanket of OLD MOTHER NIGHT.
Your heavy fat, I will mantain,
Is perfect birdlime of the brain;
And, as to goldfinches the birdlime clings,
Fat holds ideas by the legs and wings.
Fat slattens the mod brilliant thoughts,
Like the buff- flop on harpfi chords or fpinets— -
Muffling their pretty tuneful throats,
That would have chirp'd away like linnets.
C3 ' Not

Not only fat is hurtful to the Arts,
But LOVE, at fat — ev'n LOVE ALMIGHTY flarts:—
LOVE hates large, lubberly, fat, clumsy fellows,
Panting and blowing like a blackfmith's bellows.
In parliament, amidst the various chat,
What eloquence of NORTH'S is loft by fat!
Mute in his head-piece on his b®som hung.
How many a speech hath slept upon his tongue!
So far Apollo's right, I needs must own,
To keep his fons and daughters high in bone r
The NINE too, as from history we glean,
Are, like Don Quixote's ROSIN ANTE, lean;
Who likewise fancy all incumbrarice bad,
And therefore travel very thinly clad;
Looking likedamfels juftefcap'd from jails,
With backs alfrefco, and with tatter'd tails.
How with large rolls of fat would act
A foidier, or a failor?
And Yis a well-attested sad,
Apollo was as nimble as a taylor.
How could he else have caught that handsome flirt,
Miss DAPHNE, racing through the pools and dirt?
The Marquis of CE RON A, of great parts,
Could scarce support himself^ he was fobig —
He ftarv'd— -drank vinegar by pints and quarts,
Arid got down to a christian — from a pig.
Some author says, his (kin (but some will doubt him)
Would fold a half-a-dozen times about him.
Reader! — of lie I urge not an iota:
His (kin would really round his body come,
Though tight before as parchment on a drum—
Juit like a Portuguese Capota.—

Yes
Yes — yes — indeed I solemnly repeat,
Painters and bards should very little eat:
No matter, verily, how flight their fare — %
Nay, though camelion-like they fed on air —
Else they're like ladies much inclin'd to feeding —
Who, often when they fatten, leave off breeding;
Or, like the hen, facetious ^Efop's story,
So known — I ihall not lay the tale before ye.
Ye would not load with fat, a running horse,.
Or greyhound ye design'd to course;
Nor would ye fatten up the hawk
Ye mean to nimble birds to talk.
Then pray, young bru-fhmen, if ye vvifh to thrive,
And keep your genius, and the art alive,
Gobble not quantities of ffefh and fifth up:
BEINGS who can no harm from fat receive,
May feast securely — then for heav'n's fake leave
Grease to an alderman, a hog, and bishop. —
