title: Ode Vi
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 116
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

THY portraits, CHAMBERLIN, may be
A likeness, far as I can see;
But, faith! I cannot praise a single feature:
Yet, when it so shall please the Lord,
To make his people out of board,
Thy pictures will be tolerable nature.
And LOUTHERBOURG, when Heav'n so wills,
To make brass Ikies, and golden hills,
With marble bullocks in gkfs pailures grazing:
Thy

tO LYRIC ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXII.
Thy reputation too will rife,
And people, gaping with surprise,
Cry, "Monsieur LOUTHERBOURG is mofl amazing!"
But thou must wait for that event—
Perhaps the change is never meant—
Till then, with me, thy pencil will not ihine— '
Till then, old red-nos'd * WILSON'S art
Will hold its empire o'er my heart,
By Britain left in poverty to pine.
But, honest WILSON, never mind;"
Immortal praises thou shalt find,
And for a dinner have no cause to fear.—
Thou ftart'ft at my prophetic rhimes!
Don't be impatient for those times;
Wait till thou haft been dead a hundred year;

It brings to mind old j&fop's tale, so Tweet,
Of a poor coimtry-biimkin of a flag,
Who us'd to curse his clumsy legs and fg'et,
But of his horns did wonderfully brag:
Unlike our London poor John-Bulls,
Who, from the wardrobe of their sculls,
Could, with the greatest pleasure, piece- meal tear
Such pretty-looking ornamental geer.
But, to the dory of the Buck,
Like many Engh'fh ones, much out of luck.
The morn was fresh, the (cent was good,
And BUCK by thund'ring hounds purfu'd:
His legs so friendly bore him like the wind;
In short, he mock'd the thund'ring sounds—
In ftiort, helaugh'd at all the hounds—
And left them, with a * f —, behind.
And now a thicket's to be fought:
In ruuYd the flag, as quick as thought-
No sooner got among the thorns,
But BUCK'S entangled by the horns: —
Up come the dogs, at length, with dreadful note;
In vain he druggies — hound on hound
Pulls the poor pris'ner to the ground —
Then enters Huntsman John, and cuts his throat.
Unfortunately for the graphic art,
Painters too often their true genius thwart;
Mad to accomplim what can ne'er be done,
They form for criticism a world of fun.

The man of hift'ry longs to deal in
Quits lading oil for perimable ipittle:

ncr

The man of miniature to hilVry springs,
Mounts with an ardour wild the broom-like brun
Makes for fublimity a daring pufa,
And shows, like Icarus, his feeble wings;
'Tisfaid that nought so much the temper rubs
Of that ingenious artist, Mister STUBBS,
As calling him a horse-painter — how strange,
That STUBBS the title should desire to change!
Yet dcth.he cuffes on th' occasion utter,
And, foolish, quarrel with his bread and butter:
Yet, after hndfcape, gentlemen and ladies,
This very Mister STUBB'S prodigious mad is;
So quits his horse — on which the man might ride
To FAME'S fair temple, happy and unhurt;
And takes a booby-borse to gall his pride,
That flings him, like a lubber, in the dirt,
The fels-fame folly reigns, too, on the stage —
Such for impoffibilities the rage!
The Man of Farce, to Tragedy aspires,
And, calf-like bellowing, feels heroic tires—
WESTON for Hamlet and Otfalh sigh'd,
And thought it dev'iifh hard to be deny'd.— >
The courtly ABINGTON'S untoward Star
Wan ed her reputation much to mar,
And fink the Lady to the Wafl. ing-tub —
So whisper'd — "Mistress ABINGTON, play Scrub."
To folly full as great, some imp may lug her,
And bid her (link in Filc/i, and Afal Drugger,
An Ac~tor, living at this time,
TJiat now 1 pen my verse sublime,
Couid not, to fave his foul, find out his /ers-— -
But lo' it happened on a lucky night,
He on the fubjecl: got a deal of light;
And thus doth Fame the circumstance report.
After

After exhibiting to Pit and Boxes,
To take a dram, the A&or {troll'd to * Fox's—
Where soon his friend came in, such fine things saying,
Offering a thousand pretty falutations,
With full confirming oath-ejaculations
Unto this Son of Thefpis, on his playing.
" Damn me," quoth he, " but thou haft wond'rous merit—
Thou play'dft to-night, my friend, with matchlefs spirit:
" Zounds! my dear fellow, let me go to H-1I,
If ever part was a&ed half so well!"
The Ador blush'd, and bow'd, and filly look'd,
To hear such compliments so nicely cook'd.
Getting the better of his mauvaife konte,
And staring at the other's -Heady front,
Quoth he, " What part, pray, mean ye? for, in troth,
" I know of none that you fiiould so commend."—
J< What part! replied the other with an oath:
" The hind-part of a JACK -ASS,* my dear friend!'*
The Player, charm 'd instead of being hurt,
Thank'd him for the difcov'ry of his/or/ —
Purfu'd his genius— -fought no higher game,
And by his JACK- ASS won unenwd fame,
•f- A part in one of the Pantomimes, which contains a Urge portion
of kicking, braying, obstinacy, an4 tail- Wriggling.
