title: Ode Viii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 57
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

TIME, COSWAY! I'm afham'd to say
Thou own'ft the title of R. A.
I fear, to damn thee 'twas the Devil's fenditfg.~
Some honest calling quickly find.
And bid thy Wife her kitchen mind,
Or shirts and shifts be making, or be mending.
Js Madam cannot make a Ihirt,
Or mend, or from it wash the dirt,
Better than paint, the Poet for thee feels-
Or take a flitch up in thy flocking,
I pity the condition of thy heels.
What vanity was in your skulls,
To make you a£t so like two fools
T' expose your daubs, tho' made with wond'rous pains out?
Could RAPHAEL'S angry ghost arise,
And on the figures cast his eyes,
He'd catch a pistol up, and blow your brains out.
MUSE, in this criticism, I fear
Thou really haft been too severe:
COSWAY paints Miniature with decent Ypirit,
,And Mrs. COSWAY boasts some merit.
Be more like courtly Horace's thy page;
And fhuri of furious Juvenal the rage,
Of whom old Scaliger aflerts — " qui;
Id est — not murder would he boggle 'at.

LYRIC ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXIK «£ tie was a furious fellow, to be sure,
Like JOHNSON, whom the world could fcarcc endure;
Who, surely, bore his tommy-hawk about,
And glorying in a Defpot's rude dominion,
Scalp'd, without mercy, ev'ry man's opinion
Which from his mouth should dare to venture out.
Where JOHNSON fat (which Candour fore bewails!)
Men put forth words so cautious!— just like snails,
So fearful, putting forth their tender horns,
Shrinking and drawing in, and so afraid
Of ev'ry foe that rudely may invade —
Prickles, and nettles, and sharp wounding thorns,
Lo! oflr opinion is a child so dear,
We love its prattle, though zjimple note;
And, consequently, can't with patience bear
The russian that would cut its little throat.
Sweet is the voice of PR AISE! — Oh, soft as silk I
I wiili the world's rude veins could run with milk,!
PR ATS E is rich sunshine- weather — all enjoy it—
To catch it, ev'ry one is so alive—
Blest as the bees, that humming from their hive.
So advantageoufty employ it.
But CENSURE is a cloud so cold, that scowls
And spits — nowfoufesus o'er head and cars,
Spoils our bell clothes; and just like poor soak'd fowls,
Drooping, so foolilh ev'ry man appears.
PRAISE Js a pretty woman's soft white hand,
That smoothing, tickles to our fldn; „» *}
CENSURE, a currvcomb we can't v.ithftand,
Brings blood, and puts us quite upon the grin I
MUSE, listen to this lecture — go thy wayr — t
And quitting CENSURE, facriiiceto PRAI'SE,
