title: Ode IX
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

SIR JOSHUA, (for I've read my Bible over)
Puts me in mind of Matthew, the first chapter—
A genealogy I read with rapture—
Abram got Isaac — Isaac, Jacob got—
Joseph to get, was Jacob's luckly lot,
And all Joe's brothers,
Who veiy nat'rally got others.
A genealogy so full of blood,
And eke so full -of piety — so good —
Pleasing to me, as unto QUEENSB'RRY'S Grace
The genealogy of horses,
So famous on the famous courses,
That bring to mind the sam'd Olympic race.
Sir JOSHUA'S happy pencil hath produced
A host of Copyifts, much of the fame feature;
J3y which the art hath greatly been abus'd;
J own Sir JOSHUA great; but Nature greater.
ut what, alas 1 is ten times worse,
rbe progress of the art to curse;
Hie Copyifts have been copied too;
ind that, I'm fuce, will never dq.
uch Painters are like pointers seeking game —
iteiit on pleasure, and dog-fame,
uppofe a half-a-dozen dogs, or more,
, and fcamp'ring, croifing the iield o'er:

LYRIC ODES, /FOR M,DCC,LXXXir. */
Lo! one dog scents the partridge— points —
Fix'd like a statute on the fragrant gale!
How aft the others? Stop their fcamp'ring joints:
And, lo I one's nose pokes forth on t'other's tail*
Perhaps this dog-companfon of mine,
Though vastly natural and vastly fine,
May not be fully imderftood
By all the- youngling painter brood;
Therefore, that into error they mayn't roam>
Suppose we keep a little more at home.
Srtppofe a- Damsel of the Cyprian class,
A fresh -imported, adive, blooming lass,
Gay, tripping, smiling, ogling, in the Park —
Suppose those charms, so pleasing to the eye,
Catch the wild glance, and start the am'rous sigh,
Of some young roving Military Spark!
Lo! as if tonch'd by bailiffs, or by thunder,
Sudden he flops — all-over flaring wonder—
A thousand fancies his warm brain surround;
And naii'd, as if by magic to the ground,
He points towards those fascinating charms
That rous'd the hofl of passions up in arms..
A brother eiiSgn spies the flock- ftlll lad,
And sudden halts — grave pond'ring what it means—
Another PLnfign taking this for mad,
Upon his supple-jack, deep -mar veiling, leans:
Another Ensign after him, too, fauntering,
Stops short, and to his eye applies his glass—
To know what stay'd his brother Enfign's cantering
Not dreaming of that eye-catcher, the LASS*
Thus noting one the other's back,
Stands in a goodly row the King's red pack:
Fxcept the^V/?, whom NATURE'S charms inflame—
If it nose is properly towards the game.
D a E'en

FOR M,l»CC,l.XXXI2,
E'en so, the PRESIDENT, to NATURE true,
Doth mark her form, and all her haunts pursue
Whilst half the filly Uruihmen of the land,
Contented take the NYMPH z\second-hand
Imps, who just boast the merit of
Horace's fervum pecus — Imitators.
