title: P R O E M I U M
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 60
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

KNOW, Reader, that the LAUREATES port sublime
Is destin'd to record, in handsome rhyme,
The deeds of British Monarchs, twice a year:
IS great — how happy is the tuneful tongue!
If pitiful — (as Shakespeare says) the fang
" Must suckle fools, and chronicle fmalt beer."
But Bards mufl take the up-hill with the down;
Kings cannot always oracles be hatching:.
Maggots are oft the tenants of a crown —
Therefore, likethofein cheese, not worth the catching*.
O gentle Reader! if, by God's good' grace,
Or (what's more fought) good interest at Courtj
Thou gett'ft, of Lyric Trumpeter, the place
And hundreds are, like gudgeons, gaping for't;
Hear! (at a palace if thou mean'ft to thrive)
And of a fteudy coachman learn to drive,,,
Whene'er employ 'd to celebrate a King,
Let FANCY lend thy Muse her loftieil wing—
Stun with thy miriftrelfy th' affrigiited sphere;.
Bid thy voice thunder like a hundred batteries;
t\>r common sounds, conveying common flatteries,
Are zephyrs whifp'hng to the. Royal ear.
Know— glutton-like, on praise each Monarch crams r
Hot spices suit alone their pamper'd nature:
Alas! the stomach, parch'd by burning drams
With, mad-dog terror, starts at simple water.
2* 3. fierce

Fierce is each royal mania for applause;
And, as a horse-pond wide, are Monarch maws—
Form'd therefore on a pretty ample scale:
To found the decent panegyric note,
To pour the mode/1 flatt'nes down their throat,
Were offering shrimps for dinner to a whale.
And mind, whene'er thou ftrik'ft the lyre to Kings,
To touch to Abigails of Courts, the strings;
Give the Queen's Toad-eater a handsome fop,
And swear me always has more grace
Than ev'n to sell the meanest place —
Swear too, the woman keeps no Title-mop;
Sells not, like Jews in Paul's Church-yard their ware,
Who on each paifenger for custom flare,
And, in the happy tones of traffic, cry,
" Sher! vat you buy^ Sher t — Ma flam! vat you buy?
Thus, Reader, ends the Prologue to my Ode!
The true-bred Courtiers wonder whrift I preach —
And, with grave vizards, and stretch'd eyes to God,
Pronounce my Sermon a most impious speech.v
With all my spirit — let them damn my lays— -
A Courtier's curses are exalted praise..

I HEAR a startled Moralist exclaim,
" Fie, PETER, PETER! fie for shame!
" Such counsel disagrees with my digestion.""
Well! well! then, my old SOCRATES, to please thee<
For much I'm willing of thy qualms to ease thee,
I'll nobly take the other side the quefiion.
Par Exemple:
FAIR Praise is flerlrng gold — all mould desire it—
Flatt'ry, base coin — a cheat upon the nation;
And yet, our vanity doth much admire it,
, And really givss'it all its, circulation.
