title: Ode upon Ode (part 1 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

FLATT'RY'S a fly insinuating screw;
The World— a bottle of Tokay so fine—
The engine always can its cork subdue,
And make an easy conquest of the wine.
FLATT'RY'S an ivy wriggling round an oak;
This oak is often honeil blunt JOH-N BULL—
Which ivy would its great supporter choak,
Whilst JOHN (so thick the walls of his dark Icull)
Deems it a pretty ornament, and struts —
Till Master IVY creeps into JOHN'S guts,,
And gives poor thoughtless JOHN a let of gripes:
Then, like an organ, opening all his pipes,
JOHN roars; and, when to a consumption drain'd
Finds out the knave his folly entertained.
PHAISE is a modest, wnaffuming maid,
As simply as a Quaker beauty dreft:
No ostentation her's — no vain parade;
Sweet nymph! and of few words pofTeft •
Yet, heard with rev'rence when she silence breaks
And dignifies the man of whom she speaks.
FLATT'RY'S a pert French Milliner — a jade
Cover'd with rouge, and flauritingly array *d —
Makes saucy love to ev'ry man she meets,
And offers ev'n her favours in the streets.
And yet, instead of heeding public hides,
Divines so grave— Philosophers can bear her;
What's stranger still, with childish rapture hear her;
Nay, court the {hailing harlot's very

RICH as Dutch cargoes from the fragrant East,,
Or custard pudding at a city feast,
TOM'S incense greets his Sovereign's hungry nose::
For, bating birth-day torrents from ParnafTus,
And New-year's spring-tide of divine molafles,.
Fame in a scanty rill to Windsor flows!:
Poets (quoth tuneful TOM), in; ancient times,.
Delighted all the country with their rhymes;
Sung Knights and barbed steeds- with valour big;
Knights who encounter'd; witches — murder Jd wizards,.
Flogg'd Pagans, till they grumbled in their gizzards;.
Rogues! with no more religion than*.a pig.
Knights who illumin'd poor dark fouls,
Through pretty little well-form 'd eyelet holes,.
By pious pikes and godly lances made —
Toots! that work'd wonders in the holy trade
With battle-axes fit to- knock down bulls,
&nd therefore qualified ( F wot) full well,.,
With force the sacred Oracles to tell
Unto the thickest unbelieving feu Us:
Knights, who, so famous at the game of Tourney,
Took boldly to the Holy Land a journey,.
To plant, with swords, in hearts, the Gospel feeds;;
Just as we hole, for cucumbers, hot-beds,
Or pierce thebofom of the fulleri earth,.
To give to radishes or onions birth:
Knights, who, when tumbled on the hostile field,,
to an enemy oblig'd to yield,

Could neither leg, nor arm, nor neck, nor nob flir:
Poor devils! w.ho, like alligators hack'd,
At length by hammers, hatchets, sledges, crack'd,
Were dragg'd from coats of armour — like a lobster.
Great (says the Laureat) were the Poet's puffings
On idle daring red-cross raggamuffins,
Who, for their cliildifhiiefs, defcrv'd a birch:
Quoth TOM, a worthier fubjeft now, thank God!
Inspires the lofty Dealer in the Ode,
Than blockheads battling for old Mother Church*
Times (quoth our courtly Bard) are alter'd quite;
The Poet fcorm what charm'd of yore the fight;
Goths, Vandals, castles, horses, mares:
The poliftVd Poet of the present day
Doth in his tasty shop display,
Ah! vastly prettier-colour'd wares.
The Poet moulds his harp to manners mild,
Quoth TOM— to Monarchs, who, with rapture wild,
Hear their own praise with mouths of gaping wonder,
And catch each crotchet of the Birth-day thunder:
Crotchets that scorn the praise of common folly—;
Though not molt mujical — mod melancholy;
Ah! crotchets doom'd to charm our ears no more,
Although by Milter PARSONS set mfcore;
Drear and eternal iilence doom'd to keep,
Where the dark waters of oblivion sleep:
To speak in humbler English — doom'd to rest,
With Court addrefles, in a muity chest.
Yet all the Lady Amateurs declar'd,
They were the charming st things they ever heard:
As for example — all the angel GIDEONS —
That is, my Lady, and her daughters fair,
With coal-black eye-brows, and sweet Hebrew air— *
The lovely produce of the two religions:
Thus, in their virtues, fox-hounds best succeed,
W'hen sportsmen very wisely cross the breed;
And thus with nobler lultre mines the fowl
Begot between a game-heii and an owl. _
Sir

Sir Sampson too declar'd, with voice divine*,
" Datjhlnce he has turn*Chreeftian, and eat hog,
" No! nebberjhmce he less de Shinny >gogxe"
His Grace of Queenfb'rry too, with eyes though dim,
And one deaf ear, was there in wonder drown'd'J
Lift'ning, in attitude of Corp'ral Trim,
He rais'd his thin grey curl to catch the found t
Then swore the airs would never meet their matches,
But in his own immortal glees and catches.*
Yet were those crotchets all condemn'd to rest
In the dark bosom of a musty chest!
Crotchets that form'd into so sweet an air,
As charm'd my Lady Mayorefs and Lord Mayor:
Who thought (and really they were true believers)
The music equall'd marrow- bones and cleavers.
Strains! that the Reverend Bishops had no qualms
In saying, that they equall'd David's Psalms;
But not surpass'd in melody the bell
Thatmournfulfoundeth an Archbifhop's knell;
Strains that Sir Joseph Mawbey deem'd divine
Sweet as the quavers of his fattest swine.
OE'en bluff Lord Brudenell's fels f admir'd theflrain
In all the tuneful agonies of pain;
Who, winking, beat with duck-like nods the time,
And call'd the mulic and the words sublime.
Yes, this most lofty Lord admir'd the Ode;
A Lord who, too, delights in Opera-dancicg;
Thus fagely both those useful arts advancing,
Mofl nobly spreading Britain's fame abroad.
t A prodigious Amateur; — without his Lord/kip there can b? no-
rehcarfal.

much by dancing is his Lordmip won,
Behind the Op'ra scenes he constant goes,
To kiss the little finger of COULON,*
To mark her knees, and many -twinkling toes.
Too, all the other Lords, with whispers swarming,
2ry'd bravo! bravo f charming! bravo! charming!
And Majefly itself, to music bred,
^ronounc'd it " Very, very good, indeed!"
ndulging, p'rhaps, the wry nat'ral dream,
That all its charms were owing to the theme.
Vot but some finall degree of harmless pleasure
Might in tlie brace of R-y-l bosoms rife,
so think they heard it without waste of treasure •
As fixpeiices are lovely, in their eyes.
ror, not long since, I heard a forward dame rhus, in atone of impudence, exclaim —
Good God! how Kings and Queens a fong adore!
With what delight they order an tncorg /
" When that fame fong, encor'd) for nothing flows!
" To Wind for, oft, and eke to Kew,
" The R-y-l mandate MARA drew.
