title: Ode upon Ode (part 3 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 115
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

" A cobbler, baker, chang'd to a musician,
" Butlers, and lick-trenchers!" my reader roars;
'* God bless his generosity and purse:
" Soon probably his grandmother, or nurse,
" May to the happy band unite their notes—
" Perchance, the lift respectable to grace, < i{ And earn, as chorus finger, all his oats."
There too, that close attendant on the KING,
Sir CHARLES, f the active, elegant, andfupple,
Join'd with the happy Beings of the ring,
And bow'd, and scrap'd before the sceptred couple*
Pour'd high encomium on the birth-day din,
•And won the meed of many a royal grin.
Sir CHARLES! the most polite, devoted man,
Form'd perfectly upon the Courtier plan,
Watches each motion of the royal lips,
And round his Majesty so lively skips:
tand — ignorant, unmufical rogues, who receive the {alary, and thrum
by proxy: however, he hath behaved bcttr lately, and made atonement,
by giving Shield, Dance, Blake, Parke, and Hackwood, to the band.
f Sir Charles Thompson.
Keen
Keen as a hawk, observes his Sovereign's eye,
Explores its wants, and dwells upon its stare,
As if he really was to live or die
According to th' appearance of the glare:
Hops, dances, of true con rtlinefs the type,
Just like a pea on a tobacco-pipe.
Oft will his sacred M - y look down,
With afpeft conscious of a glorious Crown •;
Look down with surly grandeur on the Knight,
As if such servile homage was his right;
And, by a Jlare, inform the fearful thing,
The difference 'twixt a fubjecl and a King,.
Thus when a little fearful puppy meets
A noble Newfoundland dog in the itreets,
He creeps, and whines, and licks the lofty brute;
Curls round him, falls upon his back, and thea .s up and gambols — frisks it back agen,
Mul crawls in dread submission to his foot;
Looks up, and hugs his neck, and seems t'intreat him',
With ev'ry mark of terror, not to eat him.
The Newfoundland dog, conscious of his might,.
Cocks high his tail and ears, his state to faow;
Then lifts his leg (a little impolite)
And almost drowns the fuppiicant below;
Then seems, in full-blown majesty, to say,
" But mind, I can devour thee, if I chuie it."

Sir CJTARLES at theatres oft shows his
Skips from his Majesty behind the scene,
To majce a famous a^ress blest, by saying,
How pleas'd the Monarch is — how oft he'clapp'3,
How oft the Queen her fan so gracious tapp'd,
In approbation of her charming playing.1

Aa 3 Then
Then will the Knight, with motions all so quick,
Rush back again, o'erjoy'd, through thin and thick,
And to their Sacred Majefties repair,
Loaded with curtfies, speeches, thanks, fine things I
Proud as some old dame's nag with queens and kings
Of gingerbread, to grace a country fair.
Then will Sir CHARLES race back, with bokl career,
With something neiu the Royal mouths shall utter,
Sweet to the Aftrefs's astonish'd ear,
As sugar-plums to brats—or bread and butter;
Then back to Majesty Sir CHARLES will fly
With the great Aclreis's sublime reply;
As for example — ^ Dear Sir CHARLES, dear friend,
" Pray thank their Majefties' extreme good nature>
" To honour thus their poor devoted creature:
st Whose patronage gives glory to a name;
" Whose (miles alone confer immortal fame. —
Back with the meflages Sir CHARLES will run
And with them charm of Majesty the Sun,
And bid him, like his brother in the Ikies,
Dart smiling radiance from his mouth and eyes f
Thrice happy Knight! all parties form'd to please!
Bieft porter of such melTages as these!
Thus midst the battle's rage, like lightning, scours
An Aide-de-camp, his General's orders carrying;,
Bravely he gallops through the bullet Ihow'rs,
But scarce a single minute tarrying;
Then to the General back with anfvver comes,
the deep thunder of great guas and drums;

Now

Now forth again with more command he sallies,
Then back, then forth again behold him hurry;
To this which runs away, to that which rallies,
All bustle, uproar wild, and hurry scurry!
Yet was there one who much the day decry 'd—
Old Lady MARY DUNCAN (says report)
41 What, no dear, dear Caftrato here!" she sigh'd;
" Why then, p-x take the roarings and the Court;
" Then Lord have mercy on my tortur'd ears,
" And shield me from the shouts of such He Bears.
" Are such the pretty notes to please?
" Then may I never more hear sounds likethefe!
" In days of yore they might have had their^ merity.
" Amongst the rams- horns to have borne a bob u That did at Jericho the wond'rous job —
" Knock'd down the wall with so much spirit..
The sounds may answer to play tricks
" Amongtt a pack of drunken afles;
.** To break, as if it were with flicks,
" The bones of bottles and poor glafles..
" Where, where is Pacchierotti's heart-felt strain?
" Where Rubinelli's Jojtenuto note?
That tickled oft my fighingfoul to pain?
" That bade my senses in Elysium. float?
'Tis smoother chins, and sweeter tones, / want.
" My Lord of EXETER was also there,
Who, marvTing, cock'd his time- discerning ear
To Arains that did such honour to a Throne:.
There UXBRIDGE taught the audicaice how to think,.
With much significant and knowing wink,
And speeches clad in Wifdom's critic tone;
Who look'd musicians through with half-shut eyes;.
Moftfolemn, moll chromatically wife!
