title: Ode upon Ode (continued)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 67
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

SANDWICH, the glory of each jovial meeting,
This fiddler now — now //;#/, To kindly greeting,
Appear'd, and 0 rewdly pov,rrd his /ia/is and hums f
Great in tattoo, my. Lord, and cross -hand roll;
Great m the dead -march stroke sublime of Saul,
He beats Old Afsbridge * on the kettle-drums.
What pity, to our military host,
That such a "charming drummer should be loft I
And feel through life his glories overcast,
And that dull Board, f where, never could he learny.
Of ships, the difference between st em and stern,
Hen-coops and boats, the rud'der and the mail.
Say — 'midst the tuneful tribe was EDMUND BURKE?
No! MUN was cutting out for HASTINGS, work;
Writing to Coufm WILL:}; and Co. to league 'ein
Again st that rogue, who like a russian rose,
And tweak'd a bulfe of jewels from the nose
Of Dames in India, christen'd Munny Begum.
EDMUND! who formerly look 'd fierce as Grimbaki
On that most horrid imp, Sir Thomas Rumbold;
Vow'd, like a sheep, to flay that Eastern thief;
Till strange good fortune open'd EDMUND'S eyes t
Oh! then he heard of Innocence the cries,
And, like'- Jew converts, damn'd his old belief,.
Yet, let some rjraife for MUN'S conversion pass
To that great wonder-worker, Saint Dunda,s.
EDMUND! who battled hard for POWELL'S life,
And swore no man, in virtue,, e'er went further t
To prove which oath, this POWELL took a knife,
And made the world believe it, by fels-nmrther.
Reader, suppose I give thee a small Ode,
Made when vile TIP POO SAIB in triumph rode,,
f The Admiralty. J la India.
And
And play'd the devil on our Indian Borders,
Jn person, or by vile Satanic orders:
When Edmund Burke, so famous for fine speeches,
From trope to trope, a downright rabbit, ikipping
Meant, school- boy like, to take down HASTINGS breeches
And give the noble Gov EKNOR a whipping?
If rightly, Reader, I translate thy phiz,
Thou fmil'fl consent — I thank tliee — here it is.
But mark my cleanliness ere I begin:
Know, I've not caught the Itch of party sin;
To PITT, or Fox, I never did belong;
TKUTH, TRUTH I seek — so help me GOD OF SO-NG
P'rhaps to a Heathen oath thou may 'st Jemur f
Well then— Snfpicion that I mayn't incur,
But, like a Cftriftian, fvvear / do not jkam-~
By all the angels of yon lofty Iky,
Where burning seraphims and cherubs cry,
I'm of no party — curse me if I am!
By all those wonder-mongers saints and martyrs,
Cut for the love of God in halves and quarters;
By each black foul in purgatory frying;
By all those whiter fouls, though we can't see 'em,
Singing their A-ve-Mary and Te Deum
On yon bright cloud — I swear I am not lying.
No! free as air the Muse shall spread her wing,
Of whom, and when, and what Ihe pleases, nng;
Though Privy -Councils,* jealous of her note>
Prefcrib'd, of late, a halter for her throat.
Let folly spring — my eagle, falcon, kite,
Hawk — satire — what you will — shall mark her flight;
Through huts or palaces ('tis juflthe fame),
With equal rage, pursue the panting game;
And
