title: Ode to Edmund (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 131
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

MUCH edified am I by EDMUND BURKE!
Well-pleas'd I see his mill-like mouth at work,
Grinding away for poor Old England's good:
He give,s of elocution such a feiift!
He tells of such dread doings in the East!
And sighs, as 'twere for his own flefti and blood.

Clout, Lack, Omra, Dujluck, Na&ot>, Bunder
Crore, Choultry, Begum, leave his lips in thunder.
With matchlefs pathos, Mun describes the gag
Ernploy'd by thatdamn'd son of HYDER NAIG,
Nam'd TIPPO'O — Gags! that Britim mouths detest!
Occasion'd partly by that man so sad,
That HASTINGS! — oh! deserving all that's bad—
That villain, murd'rer, tyrant, dog, wild beafl!
Poor EDMUND fees poor Britain's fetting fun;
Poor EDMUND ^razwj — and Britain is undone!
Reader! thou haft, I do presume,
(God knows though) been in a snug room,
By coals or wood made comfortably warm;
And often fancy 'd that a storm without
Hath made a diabolic rout —
Sunk {hips — tore trees up — done a world of harm.
Yes! thou haft lifted up thy tearful eyes,
Fancying thou heardft of manners the cries;
And sigh'd, " How wretched now must thousands be!
" Oh! how I pity the poor fouls at sea!"
When, lo! this dreadful tempest, and his roar,
A zefifyr — in. the key-hole of the door!

Now, ma^ not EDMUND'S bowlings be a sigh '
Prefling through EDMUND'S lungs for loaves and fifties,
On which he long hath look'd with longing eye,
To fill poor EDMUND'S not o'er-burthen'd dishes?
Give MUN a fop — forgot will be complaint;
BRITAIN be safe, and HASTINGS prove a Saint.

NOW for the Drawing-room — O Muse, so madding,
Delighted in digreflion to be gadding.
Hampden and Fortefcue (brave names!) attended—
The loft in Catches wonderfully mended.
The lovely Lady Clarges too was there,
To all the graces as to music born;
Whose notes so fweetiy melting soothe "the ear!
Soft as the robin's to the blush of morn!
There to the rare Viol-di-Garnla Pratt,
Whose fingers fair the firings so nicely pat,
And bow that brings out sounds unknown at Babel—
Though not so sweet as those of Mister Abel.
Dear Maid! the daughter of that Prince of Pratt?,
Who music com as well as law; and swears
The girl {ha.\\Jcru6 no foul but Handel's ears,
To whom he thinks our great composers, cats:
Id est, Sacchini, Haydn, Bach, and Gluck,
And twenty more, who never had the luck
To please the nicer ears of fomc crown* d FOLK;
Ears that, like other people's though they grow,
Poor creatures! really want the sense to know
Psalm tunes so mournful from the old Black Joke.
That musty music-hunter too — Mus. D.
Much-travei'd Burney, came to hear and see;
HE, in his tour, who found such great protectors—
Kings, Queens, Dukes, Margraves, Margravines, Eleftors,
Who

Who ask'd the Doctor many a gracious queftidiy
And treated him with marv'ious hospitality;
4GueiIing he had as clever a digeition
For meat and drink, as muiic of rare quality.
Not with much glee the Doftor heard the Ode,
But turn'd his disappointed eyes to GOD;
And wish'd it his own fetting, with a flgh;
For, ere to Sai'ibury's house the Doctor came,
To get, as ODE-SETTER, enroli'd his name,
Behold! behold the wedding ivas gone by*
Ah! how unlucky that the prize was loft!
Parsons, who, daring, dam'd thro' thick and thiiir— •
Eclipse the second ':•— got like lightning /«,
When Burney just had reach'd the distant pft.
Yet, gentle Muse, let candour -tin s allow,
Th; t, thoug!) his heart was mortified enow,
The Dcclor did his rival's art admire,
And own'd his maiden crotchets full of, fire;
Crotchets! though sweet, alas! condemn'd to lie,
Like Royal virtues, hid from mortal eye!
Crotchets that fongful Mister Parsons tries
To Tom's big phral'e, to make fublimer cries;
Thrice happy union to entrance the foul!
How like the notes of cats, a vocal pair,
By boys (to. catch their wild and mingled air)
Ty''d tail to tail, and thrown acrois a pole!
But where was great Sir Wotkyn all this time?
Why heard he not the air and iofry rhyme •> ^he ileek WeKh Deity, who music knows;
T,he ALEXANDER of the Tot'n'am * troops,
Who, tutor'd by his dampings, nods, grunts, whoops,
Do wond'rous execution with their bows?
tenham-Street, and much attended to, both for his art and fcicnce.
' Sir
Sir Watkyn, deep in dismal dudgeon gone,
Far in his Cambrian villa f fat alone;
To Miflrefs Walfmgham J he fcrubb'd his base,
Whilll anger swell'd the volume of his face,
Flaming, like funs of London in a fog;
Of Miflrefs Walfingham he sung with ire;
His eyes as red as ferret's eyes, with fire;
His mighty foul for vengeance all agog.
ACHILLES thus, affronted to the beard,
His fledge-like fist o'er Agamemnon rear'd,
And down his throat would fain his words have ramm'd;
Who, after oaths (a pretty decent volley,)
And rating the long Monarch for his folly,
Infarm'd the King of Men he might be d-mn'd;
Then to his tent majejtic strode, to ilrum
And scrape his anger out on tweedle-dum.
Yet Mistress Walfingham the Ode attended;
From 'Squire Apollo lineally descended —
A dame who dances, paints, and plays, and sings;
The Saint Cecilia — Queen of wind and firings!
Though scarcely bigger than a cat — a dame,
'Mid st the Bas Bleus, a giant as to fame.
When fiddle, hautboy, clarinet, brxffoon,
On Sunday (deem'd by «j good Christians, odd)
Unite their clang, and pour their merry tune
In jiggifti gratitude to GOD;
Lo! if a witless Member mould desire,
Iriftead of Handel, strains perchance of Haydns
A fierce SE MIR A MIS she flames with fire —
This Amazonian, crotchet- loving maiden!
She looks at him with such a pair of eyes1.
Reader, by way of yJ/?///<?-digrellion,
Which to my /ubjecT: happily applies—
Didft ever see Grimalkin in a paflion,
f Wynneftay.
+ The qmrrcl between the Knight and t* e L.^dy was a wonc'erf,il
VOL. I. B b Lifting
