title: Ode to Edmund (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 108
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Lifting her back, and ears, and tail, and hair;
Giving her two expressive gogglers,
(Not in the sweet and tender ilyle of oglers)
A fierce, broad, wild, six'd, furious, threat'ning flare?
;If so— -thou may 'st some faint idea have
Of this great Lady at her tuneful club—
Who very often hath been heard to rave,
And.with much eloquence the Members snub.
Some people by their fouls will swear,
That if Musicians miss but half a bar,
Just like an Irishman she starts to bother;
And, in the violence of quaver-madness,
Where nought mould reign but harmony and gladmfs,
She knocks one tuneful head again st another;
Then screams in such chromatic tones
Upon ApolJo's poor affrighted fons,
Whole trembling tongues, when her's begin to found,
Are, in the dire vociferation, drowii'd!
Thus when old Oxford's bell, baptiz'd Great
Shakes all the city with his iron tongue,
The little tinklers might as well be dumb
As a/k attention to their puny fong,
So much the Lilliputians are o'ercome,
By; the deep thunder of the Mighty Tom.
Handel, as sam'd for manners as a pig,
Enrag'cj,;upon a time puli'd off his wig,
And flung it plump in poor Cuzzoni's face,
Because the little. Syren miss'd a. grace:
Mufieians, therefore, should beware;
Or; in -the face, of some unlucky chap,
Although fbe cannot fling a load of hair,
She probably may dart her cap.
Qft when « youth to some sweet blushing maid
Hath flily whisper'd amatory things,
And, more by passion than by music sway'd,
e on the tuneful dialogue of ilrings;

Rous'd like a tigrefs from a fav'rite feast,
Up hath the valiant Gentlewoman sprung,
With lightning look, and thundering tongue,
Ready with out-ltretch'd neck to eat the beast
That boldly dar'd — so blafphemoufly raili— »
Mix with the air divine his love-fick traftr.
Reader, attend her— she will so enrich ye
With music knowledges of every kind.
From that poor nothing- monger, old Quilici,
To Handel's lofty and capacious mind;
Run wild divisions on the various merit
Of this and that composer's spirit —
On CLUCK'S fublimities be all so chatty;
Talk of the ferto- comic of Piccini,
Compare the elegance of sweet Sacchini,
And iron melodies of old Scarlatti!
But not one word oil British worth, I ween;
Their very mention gives the Dame the fpieen:•
- 'Twere e'en disgrace to tell their mawkish names;
Mere cart-horses— poor uninvenrive fools,
Who neither music make, nor know its rules;.
Whose works should only come to light in flames.
To depths of music doth this Dame pretend,
Nought can her science well transcend,—
If you the Lady's own opinion ask;
And when she talks of musical enditers,
She shews a vast acquaintance with all writers,
And takes them critically all to talk.
Dear Gentlewoman! who, so great, so chaste,
So foreign in her tweedle-dummijli tafle.
Faints at the name of that enchanting fellow,
The melting Amoroso, Paifiello!
With notes on Tarchi, Sard, will o'erwhelm ye;
Giordani, sweeter than the Hybla honey;
Anfofli, Cimerofa, Bach, Bertoni,
Rauzzini, Abel, Pleyel, Guglielmi!
B b a Caa

ODE UPON ODfi.
Can tell you, that th' Italian school is airy,
Exprefiive, elegant, light as a fairy;
The German, heavy, deep, fcholaflic;
The French, moil miserably whining, moaning,
Oft like poor devils in the colic groaning,
Noisy and groaning, hideous, Hudibraflic.
The' female visitors around her gaze,
With wond'ring eyes, and mouths of wide amaze,
To hear her pompoufly demand the key
Of ev'ry piece musicians play;
Aflonifli'd see this Petticoat- Apollo,
With flamping foot, and beck'ning hands
^Vnd head, time-nodding, iflue high commands,
Beating the Tot'n'am-road Director * hollow.
Yes— they behold, amaz'd, this tuneful whale,
And catch each crotchet of her rich discourse,
XJtter'd with claflic elegance and force,
On Diatonic and Chromatic scale:
Then flare to see the Lady wisely pore
On scientific zig-zag score.
Reader, at this great Lady's Sunday meeting,
'Midfl tuning instruments, each other greeting,
Screaming as if they had not met for years,
So joyous, and so great their clatter! — say,
Didfl ever see this Lady ilriking A
Upon her harp fi chord, with bending ears?
With open mouth, and (tare profound,
Attention naiPd, and head awry,
Watching each atom of the tuneful cry,
Till Alzmire uriifon oes round?

Didft ever her hands outflretch'd like wings,
Towards the Band, though led by CRAMER,
Wide swimming for pianos on the firings —
Now sudden rais'd, like Mifler Christie's hammer,
