title: Ode upon Ode (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 106
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

To bid the/orte * roar in sudden thunder,
And fill the gaping multitude with wonder?
Thou never didft? — then, friend, without a hum,
I envy thee a happiness to come!
" He moulds his harp," quoth TOM, " to manners mild;"
To Kings, for babe- like manners./£%/>/<? ftyl'd,
And gracM with virtues that would fill a tun;
To him the Poet humbly makes a leg,
Who, goose-like, brooding o'er the fav'rite egg
Of Genius, gives the Phoenix to the fun.
To him, who for such eggs is always watching,
And never more delighted than when hatching;
Which makes the number offer'd to the fun,
So vast! — why, verily as thick as peas,
That people may collect, with equal ease,
A thousand noble inflances, as one.
What numbers, WISDOM to his care hath giv'n!
All hatch'd — some living — others gone to Heav'a:
Thus in the pinnick's f neft the cuckoo lays,
Then, easy as a Frenchman, takes her flight:
Due homage to the eggs the pinnick pays,
And brings the little lubbers into light.
The modern poet sings, quoth TOM again,
Of M chs, who, with economic fury,
Force all the tuneful world to Tot'n'am-lane,
And lock up all the doors of harmless Drury.* shade of music.
f A bird Co called in some countries, that attends the wife bird,
and feeds him.
£ The Oratorios were to have been performed at Drury-lane, this
year, under the conduct of Mr. Linley and Dr. Arnold. The Mara
vas to have exhibited her Tocalitits, This would have been adenth-
stroke to the pigmy performance in Tottenham-court Road. How
ihould the pigmy be saved? By killing the giant: and lo! his death-
warrant hath been signed. — By what power of the conftitutioii? None?
—Can the Grand Monarjuc do more? ^Ic^uid dtlirant Rtges, flec-
luniur Achivi.
Bb3 Say,
Say, why this curse on Drury's harmless door,
That thus, in anger, M - Y should lock it?
Muse, are the Tot'n'am-street subscribers poor?
Will Drury keep fonie pence from Tot'n'am's pocket?
Doth threat'ning bankruptcy extend a gloom
O'er the proud walls of Tot'n'am's regal room?
Perchance 'tis Mara's fong that gives offence?
Hinc illte lachrymts! — I fear:
The fong that once could charm the R — 1 sense,
Delights, alas! no more the Royal ear.
Gods! can a guinea darken ev'ry note,
And make the nightingale's a raven's throat?
But let me give his M— y a hint,
Fresh from my brain's prolific mint:
Suppose we amateurs mould, in a fury,
Just take it in our John-Bull heads to say
'* We ^y/// have Oratorios at Drury r"

How must he look? Blank — wonderfully blank;
And ihink such fpeecjb an insult on his rauk?
What could he do? — oppose with ire so hot?
Pity a King mould with his subjects squabble
About an Oratorio or a Play:
It puts him on a footing with the rabble;
And that is mofl unkingly, let me say.

Suppose he comes off conqueror! — alas
For such a victory he ought to Jigk.
But, Lord! suppose it so mould come to pass,
That Majeity comes off with a black eye?
spite of the Rqyal iiown, hath had her Oratorios performed, to the no
sa; ail mo^tificatiota of poor deferred Tottenham.
Whether

Whether he lose or win the day,
The world will christen it a paltry fray*
Kings ftiould be never in the 7tro»j-*—
They never are, some wifeacres declare.
Poh! such a speech may do for birth-day fong;
But makes us philosophic people Jlare!
I know a certain owner of a C n,
Not quite a hundred miles from Windsor town,
Who harbour 'd of i is neighbour horrid notions—
A widow gentlewoman, who, he said,
Popp'd from her window ev'ry day her head
Impertinent,, to watch his Royal motions.
" What? what?" quoth M y, " I'll teach her
" To take my motions by fnrprife:
" One cannot breakfast, dine, drink tea, nor sup,
" But, whip! the woman's head at once is out,
" To see and hear what we are all about:
" I'll cure her of that trick — and block her up.'*
Mad as his military GRACE!
For fortifying ev'ry place,
K and Q., inftcod of having concerts at their palace, in the
ftyleofo.her Princes, such as the King of France, the Emperor, the
Empress of Rufiia> &c. have entered into a private subscription for a
concert in a pitiful itre-t. They pay their fix guineas a- piece; and,
what is more extraordinary, get in their children, as we nre told, gratis!
What is (Kill more extraordinary, they have entered irrto a bond for
ttfrtVKMf two 'housand pounds for putting the houfc into a decent re
pair; fit for the reception of th K of.he first cmjiiie upon earth.
Of whom has this money been borrowed? Marvelling read* r! of the
poor mufic'ans' fund! which money might have reen placed out to a
much fuprrior advantage. Let me add, that the subscribers order a
formal rehearsal plevious to every conceit; so thar, in ta£t, they get a
double concert for their money; — undoubtedly to the vnft fatisfadtion of
the finger* of the happy Cramer, Borghi, Shield, Cervetto, &c. who, in
this instance, earn their money not very unlike the patient and laborious
animal called a drayh^i'c.
•J- Duke ot Richmond.
• 3 From
