title: Ode upon Ode (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 82
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

From dockyards to a neceflary hpufe,
The M ch dreamt of nothing but the wall,
The saucy spy in petticoats to maul,
And make her eagle pride crawl like his louse.
Now workmen came, with formidable (tones,
To block up the poor widow JONES,
Who mark'd this dread blockade, and with a frown,
And to the cause of freedom true,
One of the old hen's chicks so blue,
Fast as the K built a/», the dame pull'd down.
'Twas up — 'twas down — 'twas up again — 'twas down-
Much did the country with the battle ring,
Between the valiant Widow and the K,
That admiration rais'd in Windsor town:
The migh'.y battling Bronghtons, and the Slacks,
Ne'er knew more money betted on their backs.
Sing, hcav'nly Muse, how ended this affray:
Just as it happens, faith, nine times in ten,
When dames so spirited engage with men;
That is — th' heroic Widow won the day:
The K- could not the woman maul;
But found himself molt fhamefully defeated;
Then, very wisely, he retreated,
And, very prudently, gave up the wall.
Now sing, O Muse, the warlike ammunition
Us'd by the Dame in her befieg'd condition,
That on the host of vile invaders flew;
Say, did no God nor Goddess cry out, Shame!
And nobly haflen to relieve the Dame
From such a resolute and hostile crew?
Yes — Neptune, like her guardian angel, kind,
Join'd the poor Widow Jones, and ran up flairs;
Then fiercely caught up certain earthen wares,
And, pleas'd his fav'rite element to find,
Bid,
Bid, on their heads, the briny torrents flow,
And wanYd, like shags, the combatants below.
The goddess Cloacina too, so hearty,
Rush'd to the Widow's house, and join'd the party
But say, what ammunition sill'd her hand,
Fame for the Widow to acquire,
To bid the enemy retire,
And give to public scorn the daring band?

What thatyfrotfg- ammunition was, the Bard
Heard as a secret — therefore must not tell;
Nor would he for a thousand pounds reward,
To beaux reveal it, or the sweetest belle.
Yet Nature possibly hath made a snout,
Blest with fagacity tofmell it out.
Reader, don't fland so, itaring like a calf;
Thy gaping attitude provokes my laugh;
Thou think'ft that Monarchs never can aft ill *
Get thy head fhav 'd, poor fool! or think so dill.
Whether thou deem'ft my flory false or true,
I value not a rush.
Wilt have another: — '* No.*'— Nay, prithee do —
" I won't." — Thou lhalt, by Heavens! so prithee hush f
But ere I give the tale, my tuneful bride,
My Lady Muse, shall talk of Kings and Pricfej
Some Kings on thrones are children on the lap;
Children, that all of us see ev'ry day;
Brats that kick, squall, and quarrel with their paps
Tearing, and swearing they will have their way f
And what, too, their great reputation rifles,
Kings quarrel, just like children, about trifle*.
Moreover — 'tis a terrible affair
For kingly woriliip to be kickrd by fellow*
Who probably feed half their time on air,
Mending old kettles or old bellows,

aS^ ODE UPON
My Lady PRIDE'S a very lofty BEING,
Much pleas'd with people's fc raping, bowing, kneeing;
Fruitful in egotisms, and full of brags;
Her Ladyfhip in nought can brook denial;
And, as for insult, 'tis a killing trial,
And more especially from men of rags.
For PRIDE, such is her ftatelinefs, alas t
Rather than feel the kickings of an aft,
Would calmly put up with a leg of horse;
Though pelting her with fifty times the force;
Nay, though her brains came out upon the ground^'
Were brains within her head-piece to be found.
