title: A King and a Brickmaker.*
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 48
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A KING, near Pimlico, with nose and state,
Did very much a neighbouring brick-kiln hate,
Because the kiln did vomit nafly smoke;
Which smoke — I "can't -say very nicely bred—
Did very often take it in its head
To blacken the Great House, and try the K — to choak.
His sacred Majesty would, fputt'ring, say,
Upon a windy day,
" Pfl make the rascal and his brick-kiln hop—
" P-x take the smoke — the sulphur! — zounds I— -
" It forces, down my throat by pounds;
" My belly is a downright blackfmith's ftiop.'*'
One day, he was so pester'd by a cloud —
He could not bear it, and thus bawl'd aloud:
" Go," roar'd his M y unto a Page, „
Work'dj like a lion, to a dev'lifh rage,
" Go, tell the rascal who the brick-kiln owns,
" Black all my house like hell, and make me fick,
" I'll tear his kiln to rags, and break his bones.'*
;Off Billy Ramus set, his errand told:
On which the Brickmaker, a little bold,
Exclaim'd, " He break my bones, good Matter Page,
" He say my kiln Ihah't burn another brick,
" Because it blacks his house, and makes him fick!
" Billy, go, give my love to Matter's rage,
" And say, more bricks I am refolv'd to burn;
" And if the smoke his Worfliip's ttomach turn,
" Nay more, good Page; his M y shall find 'u I'll always take th' advantage of the wind,
And, dam'me, try to smoke him ous."
~This was a ihameful meflage to a K—
From a poor ragged rogue that dealt in mud;
Yet, though so impudent a thing,
The fellow's rhet'ric could not be withstood.
Stiff as against poor Hastings, Edmund Burke,
This Brickmaker went tooth and nail to work,
And form'd a true Vesuvius on the eye:
The smoke in pitchy volumes roll'd along,
Rush'd through the 'Royal dome with sulphur strong,
And, thick afeending, darten'd all the sky.
"To give the smoke a nattier stink,
Indignant Reader, what dott think?
The fellow scrap'd the filthieft fluff together,
•Old wigs, old hats, old woollen caps, old rugs,
Replete with many a colony of bugs,
Old {hoes, old boots, and all the tribe of leather.
Thus did the cloud of ttink and darkaefs made
The buikling for the Lord's AiK>iuted made,
And
