title: Odte upon Ode (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Says Pope (I don't know where) a little liar;
Who, if he prais'd a man, 'twas in a tone
That made his praise like bunches of fweetbriar,
Which, while a pleasing fragrance it beflovvs,
Pops out a pretty prickle on your nose.

folks to exclaim, who fill a throne,
" Grant me an horieft fame, or grant me none,;"
"Sochi Princes.were upon the forlorn hope:
Soon, very fbon, to reputation dead,
Their idle Laureats, faith, -might shut up shop,
And bid their lofty genius go to bed.
Muse, this is all well said; but, not 1* offend ye,
I beg you will not cultivate digrelfion—
Plead not the poet's quidlibet andcndi;
For surely there are limits to th' expression.:
Then cease to wanton thus in episode,
And tell the world of Mister WAR TON'S Ode.
The modern poet, Laureat THOMAS, says,
To Botany's grand island tunes 'his lays,
Fix'd for the swains and damsels of St. Giles,
Whole knowledge 'in the hocus-pocus art
Bids them from Britain fomewnat sudden start,
To teach to southern. climes their ministerial wiles -a
Improve the wisdom of the commonweal,
And teach' the simple natives how to fleal:
The picklock sciences, so dark, explain;
And to ingenious murder turn.each brain.
Quoth TOM again-— the modern poet lings
^Of sweet, good'-rj3tur'd,vinoffeniive Kings;
Who, by a miracle, efcjap'd with life —
a<lamlers.mQft tremendous knife,
A kniss

A knife that had been taught, by toil and art,
To pierce the bowels of a pye or tart.
Thus, having giv'n a full display
Of what our Laureat says, or meant to fuy;
I'll beg of THOMAS to ihftruft my ears,
Why, in his verses, he should call
The knights who grac'd the high -arch 'd Hall,
A set of bears?*
Why the bold steel-clad knights of elder d
Are not entitled to a little praise,
Who for God's cause did palace, house, and hut sell;
As well as Monarchs of the present date,
Whose dear religion, 6'f which poets prate;
Might lodge, without much squeezing, in a nutfhdl?
" What King hath small religion?" thou replied.
" If G the Tb... thou meanest— bard, thou Heft."
Hold, THOMAS — not so furious: I know things
That add not to the piety of
I've seen a K. at chapel, I declare,
Yawn, gape, laugh, in the middle of a pray'r. —
When inward his sad optics ought to -roll,
To view the dark condition of his foul;
Catch up an opera -glass, with curious eye,
• Forgetting God, some Granger's phiz to spy,
As though desirous to observe, if Heav'n
Had Christian features to the visage giv'n;
Then turn (for kind communication, keen)
And tell some new-found wonders to the Queen,
Thus have these eyes beheld a cock so {lately,
(Indeed these lyric eyes beheld one lately)
Lab'ring upon a dunghill with each knuckle j,
When, after many a peck, and scratch, and scrub,
This hunter did unkennel a poor grub,
On which the fellow did so strut and chuckle!
C c 2 He

He peck'd and fquinted — peck'd and kenn'd agen,
Hallooing luftily to Madam Hen;
To whom, with airs of triumph, he look'd round,
And told what noble treasure he had found.
" Ah! Peter, Peter," Lanreat THOMAS cries,
" Thou haft no fear of Kings before thy eyes;
44 Great — little — all with thee are equal jokes,
44 And mighty Monarchs merely common folks.
" Ah! wicked, wicked, wicked Peter, know—"
Know what? " That Monarchs are not merely Jhoiv;
To this I aniwer, THOMAS, with a tale.
A Duke of Burgundy (I know not which)
Thus, on a certain time, address'd a poet:-—
" I'm much afraid of that fame scribbling itch,
That is, the Duke believ'd the King, uncivil,
Might kick the saucy poet to the devil.
PETER, there's odds 'twixt staring and stark mad-— »
Who dares deny it? — So there is, egad!
Thou think'ft no Prince of common sense pofTeft— >
THOMAS, thou art mi flak en, I protest,
On StaniHaus the Muse could pour her strain,
Who, dying, funk a Sun upon Lorraine:
Too like the parted Sun, with glory crown'd —
He sill'd with blufnes d'eep th' horifon round.
Fred'rick the Great, who died the other day,
Had for himfeif. indeed, a deal to say:

We must not touch upon that King's belief—*
Because I fear he seldom said his pray'rs;
Nor dare we say the Hero was no thief,
Because he plunder'd ev'ry body's wares.
I'm told the Emperor is vastly wife— -
And hope that Madam Fame' hath told' no lies •;
Yet, irr his difputatioiis with the Dutch,
The Monarch's oratory was not much:
Full many a trope from bayonet and drum
He threatened — but, behold! 'twas all a hum".
Wife are our gracious Q; -sfuperl relations,
The pride and envy of the German nations;
People of fashion, worship, -wealth, and itate —
Lo! what demand for them, in heav'n, of late!
Lo! with his knapsack, ev'n just now departed,
As fine a soldier, faith, as ever ftarteci —
Whom D^ath did almost dread to lay his ctaivs on—
Old Captain what's his name? — Saxehiiberghaufen:*'
For whom (with zeal, for folks of worjliip, burning)'
We once again are blacken'd up by mourning;
To^ mow by glove, cloth, ribband, crape, and fan,
A peck of trouble for th' old gentleman.
Ah me! what dozens, dozens, dozens,
Our Q^- — - hath got of uncles, aunts, and coil fm>**
Egad, if thus those folks continue dying,
Each Briton, doom'd to dismal black,
Must always bear a hearse-like back,
And, like Hera.clitus, be always crying.
Great is the northern Empress, I confess!
Much, in her humour, like our good Queen Bess;
ftrvice.
C c 3 Who
