title: Odte upon Ode (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 107
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Who keeps her fair court dames from getting drunk:*
And also temperate herself, folks say,
She scarcely drinks a dozen drams a day;
in love matters, is a Queen tffpunk.

Yet like I not such woman for a wife —
Such heroines, in a matrimonial (Irife,
Might hammer from one's tender head hard notes;
I own my delicacy is so great,
I cannot in dispute, with rapture, meet
Women who look like men in petticoats.
Oft in a learn'd dispute upon a cap,
By way of anfiver one might have a./7ts/>— •
P'rhaps on a (imple petticoat or gown —
Nay! poflibly on Madam's being kiss'd!
And really I would rather be knock 'd down
By weight of argument, than weight of fist.
I like not dames whose conversation runs
On battles, lieges, mortars, and great guns:
The milder Beauties win my soften'd foul,
Who look for falhions with desiring eyes:
Pleas'd when on fetes the conventions roll,
Cork rumps, and merry -thoughts, and lovers' sighs.
LOVE! when I marry, give me not an ox —
I hate a woman like a sentry-box;
Nor can I deem that dame a charming creature,
Whose hard face holds an oath in ev'ry feature.
In woman, angel sweetness let me see:
No galloping horse-godmothers for me.
I own i cannot brook such manly belles
As Mademoiselle d'Eons,.and Hannah Snells:
Yet men there are show strange are Love's decrees!)
Whose palates e'en Jack-Gentlewomen please.
;-<: At an Aflembly:u PcrerftnKgh, some years fincc, which was ho
noured with the piefence of the Empress, one of the rules was, that no
lady tfiould come d unk into the room.
How
How diff'rent, Cynthia, from thy form so fair,
That triumphs in a love-inspiring air;
Superior beaming ev'n where thousands dune— -
Thy form!— where all the tender graces play,
And, blushing, feern in ev'ry smile to say,
" Behold we boafl an origin divine!"
See too the Queen of France — a gem, I ween!
With rev'rence let me hail that charming Queen,
Bliss to her King, and lustre to her race.
Though Venus gave of beauty half her (lore,
And ail the Graces bid a world adore —
Her fmaileft beauties are the charms offatf.
Heav'ns! why abroad for virtues must you roam?
Because I cannot find them, Tom, at home.
I beg your pardon — yes — the Prince of Wales
(Who'fe a&ions smile contempt on Scandal's tales)
Ranks in the Mufe's favour high.
J wifii fame folksy that I could name with ease,
Blest with his head — his heart — his pow'rs to please—
Then Pity's foul would cease from many a sigh!
The crouching courtiers, that surround a throne,.,
And learn to {peak and grin from one alone,
Who watch, like dancing dogs, their matter's nod —
Are ready now, if horfewhipp'd from their places,
At Carlton House to shew their topple faces,
And call the Prince they vilify, a God.
Think'ft thou not Caesar doth the arts possess?
Arts in abundance! — Yes, TOM — yes, TOM — yes!

Think'ft.thou not Cassar would each joy forego,
To make. his children happy?
No, TOM — no.
What! not CM bag, to bless a child, bestow?—
Hfav'n help thy folly! — no, TOM — no, TOM — no!
The sordid fouls that Avarice enslaves,
Would gladly grasp their guineas in their graves •:
Like that old Greek — a miserable cur,
Who made himself his own executor.
A cat is with her kittens much delighted;
She licks so lovingly their mouths and chins:
At ev'ry danger, lord! how puss is frighted!
She curls her back, and swells her tail, and grins,
Rolls her wild eyes, and claws the backs of curs
Who smell too curious to her children's furs.
This happens whilft'her cats are -young indeed;
But when grown up, alas! how changed, their luck!
No more she plays at bo-peep with her breed,
Lies down, and, mewing, bids them come and fuck.
No more me sports and pats them, friiks and purs:
Plays with their twinkling tails, and licks their furs:
But when they beg her ble fling and embraces,-
Spits, like a dirty vixen, in their faces.
Nay, after making the poor lambkins slys-
She watches the dear babes with fqu in ting eye;
And if she spies them with a bit of meat,
Springs on their property, and steals their treat,

No more a tender love the seems to feel;
The dev'l for HER may eat 'cm at a meal —
With all HER foul; the jade, so wondrous saving,
Cries, " Off! you now are at your own beard-shaving,
So— to some K...S this evil doth belong;-—
Th' intelligence is good, I make no doubt;
Who seem to like their offspring when they're young,
^But lose that fond affection when they're ftotit }
Far off they send them— nor a lixpenee give:
I wonder, THOMAS, where such M hs-live!
Should such a M h, THOMAS, eross thy way,
And for thy flatt'ry offer butts of sack;
Say plainly that he would disgrace thy lay;
And, turning on him thy poetic back,
Bid, like a porcupine, thine anger brittle;
Nor damn thy precious foul, to wet thy whittle*
