title: Apologetic Postscript
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 90
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

WORLD! stop thy mouth— I am refolv'd to rhyme—
I cannot throw away a vein sublime:
If I may take the liberty to brag;
I cannot, like the fellow in the Bible,
Venting -upon his mailer a rank libel.
Conceal my talent in a rag:
Kings mufl continue ilill to be my theme—
Eternally of Kings I dream.
As beggars ev'ry night, we mufl suppose,
Dream of their vermin, in their beds;
Because, as ev'ry body knows,
- Such things are always running in their heads.
Besides — were I to write of common folks,
No foul would buy my rhymes so flrange, and jokes:
Tfien what becomes of mutton, beef, and pork?
How would my maflicating muscles work?
Indeed, I dare not fey they would be idle;
But, like my Pegafus's chaps, so flout,
Who plays and wanfons with his bridle,
And nobly flings the foam about.
So mine would work — " On what?" my reader cries,
With a flretch'd pair of unbelieving eyes—
Heav'n hel£) thy most unpenetrating wit!
On a hard morsel — HUNGER'S iron bit.
By all the rhyming goddeHes and gods
I will— I mujl, persist in Odes;
And
And not a pow'r on earth shall hinder:•
I hear both * Univeriities exclaim,
'?' PETER, it is a glorious road to fame;
" Euge Poet a magne — well said, PINDAR I"
Yet feme approach with apostolic face,
And cry, " O PETER, what a want of grace
" Thus in thy rhyme to roast a King!"
Iroaft a King! by heav'ns 'tis not a fact—
I scorn such wicked and difioyal aft:
Who dares aflert it, says a fland'rous thing.
Hear what I have to say of Kings:
If, unfublime, they deal in child! sh things,
And yield not, of reform, a ray of hope;
Each mighty Monarch strait appears to me
A roaster of himself — Fdo de fi;
I only att as Cook, and dijh him iep*
Reader! another fimile as rare:
My verses form a sort of bill of farey
Informing gnefts what kind of flesh and flfk
Is to be found within each dish;
That eating people may not be mi (taken,
And take, for ortolan, a lump of bacon.
Whenever I have heard of Kings
Who place in gossipings, and news, their pricfe,
And knowing family concerns— mean things!
Very judiciously, indeed, I've cry'd,
" I wonder
" How their blind stars could make so gross a blunder P*'
44 Instead of fitting on a throne
'* The violence of the Univerfuies on this occafibn may probaHy
arise from the contempt thrown on them by his Majelly's fending the
Royal Children to Gottingen for education; but have not their Ma-
jeftics amply made it up to Oxford, by a visit to that celebrated fcmi-
nary? aud is not Cambridge to receive the fame honours?
D d.2 « And,.
" Commanded, of dead hair, thefprigs
" By such mistakes, is Nature often soil'd:
" Such improprieties mould never spring-r—
14 _Thus a £ne chattering larbertnay be spoil'd,
" To make a mofl indiff' rent King."
" Sir, Sir, (I hear the world exclaim)
" At too high game you impudently aim.
" Tread, likeaiiorfe, on kingly kibes?'*
Folks who can't see their errors, can't reform;
No plainer axiom ever came from man;
And 'tis a-Chriftian's duty, in a storm,
To fave his sinking neighbour, if he can:
Thus / to Kings my Ode of Wisdom pen,
Because your Kings have fouls like common men.
The Bible warrants me to speak the truth;
Nor mealy -mouth 'd my tongue in silence keep
Did not good NATHAN tell that buckifh youth,
DAVID the KING, that he stole sheep?
Stole poor URIAH'S little fav'rite lamb —
An ewe it chanc'd to be, and not a ram;
For had it been a ram, the royal glutton
Had never meddled, with URIAH'S mutton.
What modern Courtier, pray, hath got the face
To say to Majefly, " O King!
" Atfuc/i a time, \i\such a place,
" You did a very foolifii thing?"
What Courtier, not a foe to his own glory,
Would publiih of his King this simple story?
