title: Instructions to a Celebrated Laureat
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 90
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

, soon as e'er thou ttiik'ft thy golden Iyrey
Thy brother PETER'S muse is all on fire,
To sing of Kings and Queens, and such rare folk:
Yet, 'midst thy heap of compliments so fine,
bay, may me venture to believe a line?
You Oxford wits most dearly love a joke.
Son of the N"INE, thou writeft well on nought;
Thy thundering stanza., and its pompous thought,.
I think, must put a dog into a laugh:
EDWARD and HARRY were. much braver men.
Than this new-chrifterrd hero of thy pen:
Yes, laurell'd ODE MAN, braver far by half;
Though on Blackheath and Wimbledon's wide plain^,
GEQRGE keeps his hat off in a fho.v'r of rain;
Sees ivvords and bayonets without a dread,
Nor at a volley winks, nor ducks his head:
Although- at grand reviews he seems so blest,
And leaves at fix o'clock his downy neff,
Bead to the charms of blanket, wife, and bolder;
Unlike his officers, who, fond of cramming,
And at reviews afraid of thirst and famine,
With bread and cheese and brandy fill their holsters.
Sure, TOM, we mould do justice to QUEEN BESS:
His present Majesty, whom Heav'n long bless
4 Witb

With wisdom, wit, and arts of choked quality,.
Will never get, I fear, sa fine a niche
As that old queen, though often call'd old b— ch,
In FAME'S colonial hoafe of immortality.
As for John Dryden's CHARLFS — that King
Indeed was never any mighty thing;
He merited few honours from the pen r
And yet lie was a dev'lifb hearty fellow,
Enjoy 'd his girl and bottle, and got mellow,
And mind — kept company with Gentlemen;
For, like some Kings, in hobby grooms,
Knights of the manger, curry-combs, and brooms
Loft to all glory, CHARLES did not delight —
Nor jok'd^by day with pages, servant maids,
Large, red-poll'd, blowzy,, hard two-handed jades y.
Indeed I know not what CHARLES did by night..
THOMAS, I am of candour a great lover;.
In short, I'm candour's fels all over;
Sweet as a candied cake from top to toe;
Make it a rule that VIRTUE mall be prais'dy
And humble MERIT from her bum be rais'd:.
What thinkeft thou of PETER now?
Thou cryeft, " Oh!' how false! behold thy King,
Of whom thou scarcely say 'st a handsome thing;
44 That King has virtues that mould make thee stare."
Is it for — Then the finrs in me —
'Tis my vile optics that can't see;. p
Then pray for them, when next thou say 'st a ray'r..
But, p'rhaps, aloft on his imperial throne,
So distant, O ye Gods \ from ev'ry one,
The royal virtues are like many a star,*
From this our pigmy fyftein rather far;.
Whoft
Whose light, though flying ever fines creation,
ji Has not yet pitch'd upon our nation.
Then may the royal ray be soon explor'd —
And, THOMAS', if thoul't swear thou art not humming,
I'll take my spying-glass and bring thee word
The iilftant'l behold it coming.
But, THOMAS WARTON, without joking,
Art thou, or art thou «&/, thy Sov'reign imoking?
Tow canft thou seriously declare,
That GEORGE the THIRD
With Crefly's EDWARD can compare,
Or HARRY?— -'Tistoo bad, upon my w~^d;
GEORGE is a clever King, I needs must own,
cuts a jolly figure on the throne.
Now thou exclaim'ft, " God rot it! PETER, pray,
tt What to the devil ftiall I sing or say?"
I'll tell thee what to say, O tuneful TOM:
Sing how a Monarch, when his son was dying,
His gracious eyes and ears were edifying,
By Abbey company and kettle drum:
Leaving that son to death and the physician,
Between two fires — a forlorn hope condition;
Two poachers, who make man their game,
And, special marksmen! seldom miss their aim.
Say, though the Monarch el id not see his Son,
He kept aloof through fatherly affection;
Determin'd nothing should be done
To bring on useless tears, and dismal recollection.
For what can tears avail, and piteous sighs r
Death heeds not howls nor dripping eyes;
And what are sighs and tears but wind and water,
That show the leakynefs of feeble nature?
