title: Birth-Day Ode (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 80
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

THIS day, this very day, gave birth,
Not to' the brightest Monarch upon earth,
Because there are some brighter and as big;
Who love the arts that noa-n exalt to heav'n t
GEORGE loves them also, when they're giv'n
To four iegg'd gentry, christen'd dog and pig,*
Whose deeds in this our wonder-hunting nation
Prove what a charming thing L> education.
the royal araufcmsat.
Full
Full of the art of brewing beer,
The Monarch heard of WHIT-BREAD'S fame:
Quoth he unto the Queen, " My dear, my dear,
" WHIT BREAD hath got a marvellous great name;
" Rich as us, CHAKLY, richer than a Tew:
" Shame, ihame, we have not yet his brewhoufe seen!"
Thus sweetly said the King unto the Queen!
' Red-hot with novelty's delightful rage,
To TV lifter WHITBREAD forth he lent a page,
To say that Majefly propos'd to view,
With thirst of wondrous knowledge deep inflam'd,
< His vats, and tubs, and hops, and hogfheads sam'd,
And learn the noble secret how to breiv*
Of such undreamt-of honour proud,
Moll rev'rently the Brewer bo-.v'd;
So humbly (so the humble ftoiy goes)
He touch'd e'en terra fir ma with his nose;
Then said unto the page, hight BILLY RAMUS,
44 As worthy unto Majefly to mew,
" How we poor Chifwell people brew"
Away sprung BILLY RAMUS quick as thought:
To Majelly the welcome tidings brought,
How WHITBREAD flaring stood like any (lake,
' And trembled — then the civil things he said —
On which the King did smile and nod his head;
For Monarchs like to see their fubjefts quake:
Such horrors nrito Kings moll pleasant are,
Proclaiming rev'rence and humility:
High thoughts too all thole snaking fits declare
Of kingly grandeur and great capability!
People of worship, wealth, and birth,
Look on the humbler fons of earth,
Indeed in a moil humble light, God knows!
High

High stations are like Dover's, tow 'ring cliffs,
Where mips below appear like little skiffs,
The people walking on the strand, like crows.
Muse, (ing the stir that happy WHI THREAD made; "
Poor gentleman! mod terribly afraid
He should not charm enough his guefls divine:
He gave his maids new aprons, gowns, and smocks;
And, lo! two hundred pounds were spent in frocks,
To make th' apprentices and draymen fine:
Busy as horses in a field of clover,
Dogs, cats, and chairs, and (tools were tumbled over.
AmkMr. the Whitbread rout of preparation,
To treat the lofty RU.LER of the nation.
Now mov'd King, Queen, and Princefles so grand,
To visit the first Brewer in the land;
Who fomeiimes swills his beer and grinds his meat
In a snug corner chriilen'd Chifwell-street;
But oft'ner charm 'd with fafbionable air,
Amidst the gaudy Great of Portrrian-square.
Lord AY-LESBURY, and DENBIGH'S Lord also,
His Grace the Duke of MONTAGUE like^tse
With Lady HARCoukT, join'd the raree-show,
And six'd all Smithfieid's marv'ling eyes:
For, lo! a greater show ne'er grac'd those quarter?,
Since Mary roafled, just like crabs, the martyrs.
Arriv'd, tlie King broad grinn'd, and gave a nod
To smiling WHITBREAD, who, had God
Come with his angels to behold his beer,
With more respect he never could have met—
Indeed the man was in a fw.eat,
So much the Brewer did the King revere.
HER MAJESTY contrived to make a dip:,
Light as a feather then the King did flap,
And ask'd a thousand queitions, with a laugh,
Before poor WH i TJJRE AD comprehended half.
Reader;
