title: Birth-Day Ode (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 69
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Reader! my Ode should have zjimile —
Well! in Jamaica, on a tam'rind tree,
Five hundred parrots, gabbling just like Jews,
I've seen — such noise the feather'd imps did make,
As made my very pericranium ache —
Asking.and telling parrot news:
Thus was the brewhoufe sill'd with gabbling noise,
Whilst draymen and the Brewer's boys,
Devoured the questions that the King didafk:
In diff 'rent parties were they flaring seen,
Wond'ring to think they faw a King and Queen!
Behind a tub were some, and some behind a cask.
Some draymen forc'd themselves (a pretty luncheon)
Into the mouth of many a gaping puncheon;
And through the bung-hole wink'd with curious eye,
To view, and be aflur'd what sort of things
Were Princefles, and Queens, and Kings,
For whose most lofty station thousands sigh!
And, lo! of ah1 the gaping puncheon clan,
Few were the mouths that had not got a maul
Now MAJEST.Y into a pump so deep
Did with an opera-glass so curious peep;
Examining with care each wondrous matter
That brought up water!
Thus have I seen a magpie in the flreet,
A chattering bird we often meet,
A bird for curiosity well known;
With head awry,
And cunning eye,
Peep knowingly into a marrow -bone.
And now his curious M y did sloop
To count the nails on ev'ry hoop;
And, lo! no single thing came in his way,
That, full of deep research, he did not say,
VOL, I. F f « Whaf

" What's this? has, hae.^ what's that? what's thkf " what's that?"
So quick the words too, when he deign'd to speak,
As if each syllable would break its neck.
Thus, to the world ofgreaf whilst others crawl,
Our Sovereign peeps into the world of /mall:
Thus microfccpic geniuses explore
Things that too oft provoke the public scorn
Yet fweli of useful knowledges the store,
JBy finding systems ia a pepper-corn,
"Now boating WHITBRE AD serious did declare,
To make the Majesty of England flare,
That he had butts enough, he knew,
Plac'd side by side, to reach along to Kew:
On which the King with wonder swiftly cry '3,
" What, if they reach to Kew then, side by side,
" What would they do, what, what, plac'd end to " end?"
To whom, with knitted calculating brow,
The Man of Beer mofl solemnly did vow,
Almost to Windsor that they would extend;
•On which the King, with wond'ring mien,
Repeated it unto the wond'ring Queen:
On which, quick turning round his halter'd head,
The Brewer's horse, with face astonish'd, neigh'd;
The Brewer's dog too pour'd a note of thunder,
Rattled his chain, and wagg'eb his tail for wonder.
Now did the King for other beers inquire,
For Calvert's, Jordan's, Thrale's entire;
And, after talking of these diff 'rent beers,
Ask'd WHITBREAD if his porter equall'd theirs?
This was a puzzling, disagreeing question,
Grating like arsenic on his host's digestion.j
A kind of question to the Man of Cask
That not ev'n Solomon himftlf would aft.
Now
