title: A Celebrated Eaureat (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Now Majesty, alive to knowledge, took
A very pretty memorandum-book,
With gilded leaves of afles' Ikin so white,
And in it legibly began to write —
Memorandum.
A charming place beneath the grates
For roasting chesnuts or potates.
Mem.
'Tis hops that give a bitterness to beer —
Hops grow in Kent, says WHITBRB AD, and eifewhere.

Is there no cheaper fluff? where doth it dwell?
Would not hone-aloes bitter it as well?
Mem.
To try it soon on our small beer —
'Twill fave us fev'ral pounds a year.
Mem.
To remember to forget to ask
Old WHITBREAD to my house one day,
Mem.
Not to forget to take of beer the cask,
The Brewer offer'd me away.
Now having pencill'd his remarks so shrewd,
Sharp as the point indeed of a new pin,
His IVJajefty his watch molt fagely view'd,
And then put up his afles' Ikin.
To WHITBREAD now deign'd Majesty to say,
" WHITBREAD, are all your horses fond of hay?"
" Yes, please your Majesty," in humble notes,
The Brewer anfoer'd— " also, Sir, of oats;
F f a " Another

" Another thing my horses too maintains,
" And that, an't please your Majesty, are grains."
M Grains, grains," said Majesty, to fill their crops?
44 Grains, grains?-— that comes from hops — yes, hops.
" hops, -hops?»
Here was the King, like hounds sometimes, at fault —
" Sire/' cry'd the humble Brewer, •• give me leave
" Your sacred Majesty to undeceive;
44 Yes," with the sweetest bow, rejoin'd the Brewer,
" An't please your Majesty, you did, I'm fare."
" Yes," answer'd Majesty, with quick reply,
'« I did, I did, I did, I, 'I, I, I."
Now this was wife in WHITER PAD — here we find
A very pretty knowledge of mankind:
As Monarchs never must be in the lurong^.
'Twas really a bright thought in WHIT BREAD'S tongue,
To tell a little fib, or some such thing,
To fave the sinking credit of a King.
Some Brewers, in a rage of information,
Proud to inftrucl the RULER of a Nation,
Had on the folly dwelt, to seem dajnn'd clever!
Now, what had been the consequence? Too plain!
The man had cut his consequence in twain;
The King had hated the ivife fool for ever!
Reader, whene'er thou dost espy a nose
That bright with many a ruby glows,
That noie thou may'ft pronounce, nay safely swear,
Is nurs'd on something better than small-becr.
Thus when thou findeft Kings in brewing wife,
Or Nat'ral HifFry holding lofty station,
Thou may'ft conclude, with marv'ling eyes,
Such Kings have had a goodly education.
Now
Now did the King admire the bell so fine,
That daily asks the draymen all to dine;
On which the bell rung out show very proper!)
To show it was a bell, and had a clapper.
And now before their Sovereign's curious eye,
Parents and children, fine, fat, hopeful fprigs,
Allfnuffling, squinting, grunting in their ftye,
Appear'd the Brewer's tribe of handsome pigs:
On which th' observant man, who fills a throne,
Declar'd the pigs were vastly like his own:
On which the Brewer, swallow'd up in joys,
Tears and astonishment in both his eyes,
His foul brim full of fentiinents so loyal,
Exclaim'd, " O heav'ns! and can my swine'
" Be deem'd by Majesty so fine!
" Heav'ns! can my pigs compare, Sire, with pigs " royal!"
To which the King aflented with a nod;
On which the Brewer bow'd, and said, " Good God!"
Then wink'd significant on Miss;
Significant of wonder and of bliss;
Who, bridling in her chin divine,
Cross'd her fair hands, a dear old maid,-
And then her lowest curt'fy made
For fiich high honour dons her father's swine.
Now did his Majesty so gracious say, -
To Mister WHITBREAD, in his flying way,
" then?
T WHITER E A D, when d'ye think to leave off trade?
what? Miss WHU BREAD'S still a maid, a maid > t* What, what's the matter with the men?
" You'll be Lord May'r — Lord Mayrr one day —
" Yes, yes, I've heard io— - yes, yes, so I'm told:
64 Don't, don't the fine for Sheriff pay:
r f 3 ru

" I'll prick you ev'ry year, marl, I declare:
" Yes, WHITE RE AD — yes, yes — you lhall be Lord
" May'r.
" Job, job, that's cheaper!; yes, that's best, that's belt.
" Yon put yourliv'ries on the draymen — hae?
" Hae, WHITBREAD? you have feather'd well your " neft.
" What, what's the price now, hae, of all your flock?
" But, WHITBREAD, what's o'clock, pray, what's " o'clock?"
Now WHITBREAD inward said, " May I be curft
" If I know what to answer first;"
Then search'd his brains with ruminating eye:
But e'er the Man of Malt an answer found,
Quick on his heel, lo, MAJESTY turn'd round,
Skipp'd off, and baulk'd the honour of reply.
Kings in inquifitivenefs mould be strong —
From curiosity doth wisdom flow:
For 'tis a maxim I've adopted long, -,
The more a man inquires, the more he'll know.
Reader, didft ever see a water- spout?
'Tis poflible that thou wilt answer, " No."
Well then! he makes a most infernal rout;
Sucks, like an elephant, the waves below,
With huge proboscis reaching from the sky,
As if he meant to drink the ocean dry:
At length so full he can't hold one drop more-
He bnrfts — down rush the waters with a roar
On forne poor boat, or (loop, or brig, or ship,
And almoit finks the waiid'rer of the deep:
Thus have I seen a Monarch at reviews
Suck from the tribe of officers the news,
Then bear in triumph off eachtfjoitdr'jus matter,
And fouse it on the Queen with iuch a clatter!
3 I always
I always would advise folks to ask questions;
For, truly, questions are the keys of knowledge:
Soldiers, who forage for the mind's digestions,
Cut figures at th' Old Bailey, and at College;
Make Chancellors, Chief Justices, and Judges,
E'en of theloweft green- bag drudges.
The sages say, Dame TRUTH delights to dwell,
Strange mansion! in the bottom of a well.
Questions are then the windlass and the rope
That pull the grave old gentlewoman up:
Reflecting upon Kings for afldng queftioris.
Now having well employ 'd his royal lungs
On nails, hoops, staves, pumps, barrels, and their bungs,
The King and Co. fat down to a collation
Of flesh and filh, and fowl of ev'ry nation.
