title: A Celebrated Eaureat (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 52
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Dire was the clang of plates, of knife and fork,
That merc'lefs sell like tomahawks to work,
And fearless scalp'd the fowl, the fish, and cattle,
Whilst WH!TBREAD, in the rear, beheld the battle.
The conqu'ring Monarch, (lopping to take breath
Amidst the regiments of death,
Now turn'd to WHITBREAD with complacent round,
And, merry, thus address'd the Man of Beer:
'* WHITBREAD, is't true? I hear, I hear
" You're of an ancient family — renown'd —
" What? what? I'm told that you're a limb
" W'.at, WHJTBREAD, is it true what people say?
" Son of a Round-head are you? hze? hae? hae?
" Pray'r-books inflead of calli to bny them coats —
t{ Bunyans, and Practices of Piety:
for a laudable curiofuy in the Queen's library some years fmce.
1 His Majclty here made a miftakc — Pym was his wife's relation.
« Your

" Your Bedford votes would wish to change their fare
" Rather see cafti — yes, yes — than books of pray'r.
" Thirtieth of January don't you feed?
" Yes, yes, you eat calf's head, you eat calf's head."
Now having wonders done on flesh, fowl, fish,
Whole hosts o'erturn'd — and feiz'd on all supplies;
The royal visitors express'd a wim
To turn to House of Buckingham their eyes.
But first the Monarch, so polite,
Alk'd Mister WHITBREAD if he'd be * Knight.
Unwilling in the lift to be enroll'd,
WHITBREAD contemplated the Knights
Then to his generous Sov 'reign made a leg,
And said, " He was afraid he was too old.,
" He thank'd however his most gracious King,
" Eor offering to make him fuck a THING."
But, ah! a different reason 'twas, I fear!
It was not age that made the Man of Beer
Thus proflfer'd honour of the Monarch fiiun:
The tale of JVTarg'ret's knife, and royal fright,
Had almost made him damn the name of Knight,
A tale that farrow'd such a world of fun.
He mock'd the pray'r * too by the King appointed,
Ev'n by himself the Lord's Anointed:
A foe to f aft too, is he, let me tell ye;
And though a Presbyterian, cannot think
Heav'n (quarrelling with meat and drink)
Joys in the grumble of a hungry belly!
Now from the table with Caesarean air
Up rose the Monarch with his laurell'd brow,
When Mister WHITBREAD, waiting on his chair,
Express'd much thanks, much joy, and made a bow,
who only held out a small knife in a pkce of white paper> £br her Sove
reign to view.
