title: Expostulatory Epistle
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 57
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

^ Of royal virtues not the slightest mention!
Strung, like mock pearl, so lately on thy lays!
Tell me, a bankrupt^ TOM, is thy invention?
How couldftthou-so thy PATRON'S fame forget,
As not to pay, of praise, the annual debt?
WHITEHEAD and GIBBER, all the Laureat throng,.
To FAME'S fair Temple, twice a year, presented
Some royal virtues, real or invented,
In all the grave fublimity of fong.

Heralds so kind, for many a chance-born
Creeping from cellars, just like fir ils from earth,.
Or moles, or field-mice, stealing into light,
Forge Arms', to prove a loftinefs of birth;
Tracing of each ambitions Sir and Madam
The branches to the very trunk of ADAM.
Then why not thou, the herald, TOM, of rhyme,
Still bid thy Royal Matter soar sublime?
Bards shine in fi&ion; then how flight a thing
To make. a, coat of merit for a King!
G g.2- Know?

Know, General CARPENTER had been a theiftfc
For furnishing a pretty lyric dream;
Once a monopolirt of nod and smile;
Of broken sentences and questions rare,
Of mipfnap whispers sweet, and grin, and flare,
For which thy MUSE would travel many a mile.
But lo! the General, for a crying sin,
Loft broken sentences, arid nod, and grin,
And Hare and ihipfnap of the best of Kings;
The sin, the crying sin, of rambling
"Where Ofnaburgh's good Bishop, gambling,
Loft some few golden feathers from his wings;
Which made th' unlucky General run and drovvn.-«
Such were the horrors of the royal frown!
For lo! His M -- Y most roundly swore
He'd md to General CARPENTER no more.
Oh! glorious Jove of all-commanding money!
Dear to some Monarchs, as to Bruin, honey;
Dear as to gamblers, pigeons fit to pluck; '
Or fhow'rs to hackney-coachmen or a duuk!
THOMAS, thy lyrics might have prak'd the King
For making i'inners mind the Sabbath day,
Bidding the idle fons of pipe and firing,
Instead of scraping jigs, (ing psalms and pray;
Thus piouily (againlt their inclination)
Dragooning soms unto salvation.
The MONARCH gave up Mister JOAH BATE,
With that sweet nightingale his lovely MATE;
Who with the organ and ONE fiddle
Made up a concert every Sunday night t
Thus yielding MAJESTIES supreme delight
Who relish cheapness e'en in tweedie

For NATURE formeth oft a kind
Of money-loving, scraping, fave- all mind,
That happy glorieth in the nat'ral thought
Of getting every thing for nought;
From
