title: To Brother Tom. 34* (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 106
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

From Delhi's diamonds to a Bristol stone;
From royal eagles to a fqualling parrot;
From bulls of Bafan to a marrow-bone;
From rich ananas to a mawkish carrot:
And getting things for nought, we all nmft say, •
If not the noble/I^ is the chtapeft way.
And often NATURE manufactures fluff
That thinks it never hath enough;
Hoarding up treasure — never once enjoying—
Such is the composition of fame fouls!
Like jackdaws all their cunning art employing,
In hiding knives, and forks, and spoons in holes.
Lo! by the pious MONARCH'S Proclamation,
The courtier Amateurs of thi^fair nation
On Sundays con their Bibles — make no riot —
The stubborn UXBRIDGE, music-loving Lord,
Pays dumb obedience to the royal word,
And bids the instruments lie quiet..
Sweet Mistress WALSINGHAM is forc'd to pray,,
And turn her eyes up, much against her will;,
SANDWICH sings psalms too, in his pious way;,
And Lady YOUNG forbears the tuneful trill 5.
And very politic is Lady Young:
A hulband must not suffer for a fong.
The gentle EXETER his treat gave up,
So us'd upon the sweet repafl to sup;
As eager for his Sunday's quaver dish,
As cats and rav'nous Aldermen for fish.
Lord BRUDENELL, too, a Lord with lofty nose,,
Bringing to mind a verse the world well knows;
Against fublimity that rath'er wars;
Which in an almanack all eyes may see:
" GOD gave to man an upright form, that he
" Might view the stars."

I say this watchful LORI>, who boasts the knack.
Behind His Sacred Majesty's great back,
Of placing for his latter end a chair
Better than any Lord (so- says FAME'S trump)
That ever waited on the royal rump,
So swift his motions, and so sweet his air;
Who, if His Majesty but cough or hiccup,
Trembles for fear the King fiiould kick up;
Drops, with concern, his jaw — with horror freezes—
Or smiles " God bless you, SIRE," whene'er he sneezes*
This LORD, I say, uprais'd his convert chin,
And curs'd the concert for a crying sin.
King WAT K.YN, from the land of leeks and cheese,
With sighs, forbore his bass to seize;
With huge concern he dropp'd his Sunday airs,
And grumbl'd out in WdJIi his thankless pray'rs.
The bass, indeed, Te Deum sung,
Glad on the willows to be hung.
And really 'twas a very nafral cafe —
Poor, inoffensive bass!
For when King WAT KYN fcrubbeth him— alack!
The instrument, like one upon the rack,
Sendeth forth horrid, Inquisition groans t
Enough to pierce the hearts of (tones!
Thus though in concert politics the Knight
Battled with Mistress WALSINGHAM outright •
Yet both agreed to lift their palms,
JCot in hostilities, but singing psalms.
SALISBURY was also order'd to reform,
Who, with my Lady, thought it vailly odd,
Thus to be forc'd, like sailors' in a storm,
Against their wills to pray to God.
Thus did the royal mandate, through the town,
Knock nearly ail the Sunday concerts down!
Great
Great-a&! ere long 'twill be a sin and shame
For cats to warble out an am'rous flame!
Dogs shall be whipped for making love on Sunday,
Who very well may put it off to Monday-
Nay, more the royal piety to prove.
And aid the purest of all pure religions,
To Bridewell mall be sent all cooing pigeons,
And cocks and hens be lash'd for making love:
Sparrows and wrens be mot from barns and houfesy
For being barely civil to their spouses.
Poor Sir JOHN DICK was, lamb-like, heard to bleat
At losing such a Sunday's treat —
Sir JOHN, the happy owner of a star —
Which radiant honour on furtouts be flitches;
Lamenting fashion doth not flretch so far
As sewing them on waiflcoats and on breeches;
Which thus would pour a blaze of silver day,
And make the Knight a perfect milky way.
Yet HAMPDEN, CHOLMOND'LY, those fmful shavers,
Rebellious, riot in their Sabbath quavers;
Thus flying in the face of our GREAT KING,
Profane God's resting day with wind and string;
Whiift on the Terrace, 'midst his German band,
On Sunday evenings GEORGE is pleas'd to flaud;
Contented with a Jimple tune alone,
" God fave great George our King," or Bobbing Joanj
Whiift CHERUBS, leaning from their starry height,
Wink at each other, and enjoy the fight;
And SATAN, from a lurking hole,
Fond of a seeming-godly foul,
His eyes and ears scarce able to believe,
Laughs in his sleeve.
Stay, Muse — the mention of the German band
Bringeth a tale oppreflive to my hand,
Relating to a tribe of German boys,
Whose horrid fortune made some little noise;
Sent
