title: To Brother Tom. 34* (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 66
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Sent fcr to take of Englishmen the places,
Who, gall'd by such hard treatment, made wry faces.
Sent for they were, to feed in fields of clover •,
To feast upon the Coldft ream regiment's fat:
Swift with their empty stomachs they flew over,
And wider than a Kevenhuller hat.
But ah! their knives no veal nor mutton carv'd!
To feasts they went indeed, but went and flared!
Their Matters, raptur'd with the tuneful treat,
Forgot musicians, like themselves, could eat.
Thus the poor woodcock leaves his frozen shores,
When tyrant Winter 'midst his tempests roars:
Invited by our milder sky, he roves;
Views the pure streams with joy, and fhelt'ring groves,
And in one hour, oh! sad reverse of fate!
Is shot, and smokes upon a poacher's plate!
Thus ending a sweet episodic st rainy
I turn, dear THOMAS, to thy Ode again.
What! make a difti to balk thy matter's gums!
A pudding, and forget the plums!
Mercy upon us! what a cook art thou!
Dry e?en already! — what a sad milch cow! —
Who gav'ft, at first, of fame such flowing pails! —
Say, THOMAS, what thy lyric udder aids?
Since truth belongs not to the laureat trade,
'Tis strange, 'tis passing strange, thou didft not flatter;
Speak — in light money were thy wages paid?
Or was1 thy pipe of sack half sill'd with water?
Or haft thou, TOM, been cheated of thy dues?
Or hath a qualm of conscience touch'd thy Muse?
Thou might'ft have prais'd for dignity of pride
Display'd not long ago among the COOKS:
Searching the kitchen with fagacious looks;
Wigs, chriften'dy?;-ts/f/;<?.f? on their heads, hefpied.

To tii id a wig on a cook's bead,
Jnfl tike a wig that grac'd his own,,
Was verily a fight too dread! —
Enough to turn a King to slone!
On which, in language of his very left,
His Majesty his royal ire express'd.
" Strange! flrange!' yes, yes, I see, I see, I see —
" Fine fellows to wear scratches! yes, no doubt—
" I'll have no more — no more when mine's worn out—
" Hse! pretty! pretty! pretty too it looks
" To iee my scratches upon Cooks. /""
And lo! as he had threatened all so big,
As soon as ever he wore out the wig,
He with 2i pig-tail deign'd his head to match!
Nor more prqfan'd his temples with ascRATcn!
THOMAS, I see mv fong thy feelings grate—
Thou think'ft I'm joking; that the King's my hate*
The world may call me liar, but sincerely
I love him — for a partner, love him dearly;
Whilst his great name is on theferme, I'm sure
My credit with the Public is secure.
Ves, beef shall grace ray fpitr and ale shall flow
As long as it continues George and Co*;
That is to say, in plainer metre,
George 'and Peter.
Yet, as some little money I have mnde,
I've thoughts of turning 'Syuire, and quitting trade:
This in my mind I've frequently revolv'd;
And in fix months, or so,
For all I know,
The partnership may be diflblv'd.
What-
