title: The Toper and the Flies
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 84
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A GROUP of topers at a table fat,
With punch that much regales the thirsty foul:
Flies loon the party join'd, and join'd the chat,
Humming, and pitching round the mantling bowl.
At length those flies got drunk, and, for their sin,
Some hundreds lo&tbeir legs, and tumbled in;
And sprawling 'mi'dft the gulph profound,
Like Pharaoh and his daring hod, were drown'd I
Wanting to drink — one of the men
Dipp'd from the bowl the drunken host,
And drank — then taking care that none were loft,
He put in evVy mother's son agen.
Up jump'd the bacchanalian crew on this,
Taking it very much amiss —
Swearing, and in the attitude to fmite:
" Lord!" cry'd the man, with gravely-lifted eyes,
" Though I "don't like to swallow flies,
t; I did not know but.ot/iers might"

WHO says I hate the King, proclaims a lie;
K'en now a royal virtue flrikes" my eye!
To prove th' aflertion, let me just relate
The King's fubmifiion to the will of FATE.
Whene'er in hunts the Monarch is thrown out,
As. in his politics — a common thing!
With searching eyes he starts at first about,
Then faces the misfortune like a King!
Hearing no news of nimble Mifler STAG,
Jie fits like PATIENCE grinning on his nag!
Now, vvifdom -fraught, his curious eyeballs kea
The little hovels that around him rife:
To these he trots — of hogs surveys the ftyes,
And nicely numbers every cock and hen.
Then alks the farmer's wife or farmer's maid,
How many eggs the fowls have laid!
What's in the oven — in the pot — the crock;
Whether 'twil^rain or no, and what's o'clock;
VOL. I. Hh Thus

Thus from poor hovels gleaning information,
To serve as future treasure for the nation!
There, terrier-like, till pages find him out,
He pokes his most fagacious nose about,
And seems in Paradise — like that so sam'd;
Looking like ADA'M too, and EVE so fair;
Sweet firrpletons! who, though so Very bare+
" Were (says the Bible) not qfkanfd*"
No man binds books so well as GEORGE the Third. -
By thirst of leather glory spurr'd,
At bookbinders he oft is-seen to laugh —
And wondrous is the King in ilieep or calf!
But see! the PRINCE upon'fuch labour looks
Fastidious down, and only readeth books! —
Here by the Sire the Son is much furpaft;
Which FAME mould publish oil her loudest blast!
The KING beats Mon mouth-Street. in cast-off riches y
That is, in coats, and waiftcoats, and in breeches;
Which, draughted once a year for foreign stations,
Make fine recruits to serve some near relations.
But lo! the PRINCE, fbame on him! never dreams
Of pretty Jewifti, economic schemes!
jSo very proud, (I'm griev'd, O TOM, to tell it)
He'd rather give a coat away than^// it!
Fair justice to the Monarch must allow
Prodigious science in a calf or cow;
And wisdom in the article of swine!
What most unvfual knowledge for a King!
Because pig wisdom is a thing
In which no SOVEREIGNS e'er were known tojftinc.

Yet
Yet who will think I am not telling sibs?
The PRINCE, who Britain's throne in time (lull grace,
Ne'er singer'd, at a fair, a bullock's ribs,
Nor ever ogled a pig's face!
That thw a father hath excell'd a son!
Truth bids me own that I can bring
A dozen who admire the King;
And mould he dream of fetting off for HANOVEB,
As once he said he would, to spite CHARLES Fox;
Draw all his little money from the stocks,
Shut ihop, and carry ev'ry pot and pan over;
That dozen would not lei him go;
But in the struggle spend their vital breath,
And hug their idol, probably to death;
As happen'd to a Romifh Priest — a tale
That, whilst I tell it, almost turns me pale,
