title: Romish Priest
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A PARSON in the neighbourhood of ROME,
Some years ago — how many, I don't say-
Handled ib well his heav'rily broom,
He brush'd, like.cobwebs, sins away.
Brighten'd the blajck horizon of his parish;
Gave to the PRINCE OF DARKNESS such hard blows
That SATAN was afraid to mow his nose,
(Except in hell) before this priest so warrifh!
To teach folks how to shim the paths of evil,
And prove a match for Mister DEVIL,
H h a Wa»

Was conflantly this pious man's endeavour;
And, as I've laid before, the man was clever.
Red-hot was all his zeal — and FAME declares,
He gaiiop'd like a hunter o'er his pray'rs;
For ever lifting to the clouds his forehead —,.
Petitions on petitions he let fly,
Which nothing but BARBARIANS could deny —
Jn shors, the Saiass were to compliance syerrW.
With shoulders, arms, and hands, this Priest devour,
So weli his evolutions did perform;
His pray'rs, those holy small-mot, flew about
So thick! — it seem'd like taking Heav'n byjtorm /
Without one atom of reflection,
No candidate at an election
Bid ever labour more, and fume, and sweat,
To make a fellow change his coat,
And bless him with the casting vote,
Than this dear man to get in Heav'n a seat for fouls of children, women, and of men:
•No matter which the species — cock or hen!
Thus did he not like that vile Jesuit think
Who makes us all with horror shrink;
A knave high meriting Hell's hottest cqals;
Who wrote a fiiocking book, to prove
That women, charming women, form'd for love,
Have got no fouls!
Morifter! to think that WOMEN had no foul!
Ha! haft thou not a foul, thou peerless MAID,
Who bidfl my rural hours with rapture roll?
Whose beauties- charm the shepherds and the {hade
Yes, CYNTHIA, and for fouls like thine,
Fate into being drew yon flarry sphere;
Then kindly ferit thy form divine,
To show what wondrous bliss inhabits there!

In fhoft, no drayhorfe ever work'd so hard,
From vaults, to drag up hogfhead, tun, or pipe,
As this good Priest, to drag, forfmaH reward,
The fouls of sinners from the Devil's gripe.
Pleas'd were the highest angels to express
Their wonder at his fine address;
And pow'r ap-ainft the FIEND who makes such strife;
Nay, e'en St. PETER said, to whom are giv'n
The keys for letting people into Heav'n,
He never got more halfpence in his life.
'Twas added that my namesake did declare,
(Peter, the porter of Heav'n gate, so trusty!)
That, till this Priest appear'd, fouls were so rare,
His bunch of keys was absolutely nifty!
Did GENTLEMEN of fortune die,
And leave the CHURCH a good round sum;
Lo! in the twinkling of an eye,
The Parson frank'd their fouls to kingdom-come!
A letter to the PORTER, or a word,
Infur'd admittance to the LORD.
JNTor ftopp'd those fouls an instant on the road,
To take a roast before they enter'd in -r
For, had they got the plague, 'twas said that God
Had let them enter without quarantine.
Well then! this Parson was so much admir'd,
So fought, so courted, so desir'd,
Thousands with putrid fouls, like putrid meat,
Came for his holy pickle, to be sweet.
Just as we see old hags, with jaws of carrion,
Enter the mop of Mister WARREN;
Who disappoints that highwayman call'd TIME
(Noted for robbing Ladies of their prime,)
By giving SIXTY-FIVE'S pale, withered mien,
The blooming roses of SIXTEEN.
H h 3 Such

Such vafl impreflions did his sermons make,
He always kept his flock awake —
In summer too — hear, parsons, this strange news,
Ye who so often preach to nodding pews!
A neighb'ring town, into whose peopled fouls,
SIN, like a rat, had eat large holes,
Begg'd him to be their tinker — their hole -Hopper-—
For, gentle reader, sin of such a sort is,
It fouls corrodeth just as aqua sort is
Corrodeth iron, brass, or copper.
They told him they would give him better pay.
If he'd agree to change his quarters;
Protesting, when his foul should leave its clay,
To rank his bones with those of SAINTS and MAR*

This was a handsome bribe, all Papifts know!
But ftoo— his parish would not let hinxgo:
Then Airly did the other parish look,
And swore to have the man by hook or crook /
So feiz'd him, like a graceless throng,
The Priest's parishioners, who lov'd him Wt7/,
Rather than to another church belong,
Swore they would foonerfee him lodg'd in Hell-
So violent was their objection;
So very strong, too, their affection!
The LADIES, too, united in theflrife;
Protesting that they " lov'd him as their life,
44 So sweetly he would look when down to pray'r!
" So happy in a sermon choice!
" And then he had of nightingales the voice—
And holy water gave withykl an air!
44 Lord! lose so fine a man! — so great a treasure J
J4 Yielding fucji quantities of heavenly pleasure!
14 Forgivijig
" Forgiving sins so free, too, at confession,
" However carnal the tranfgreflion,
" In such a charming, love-condemning strain! —
" He really seem'd to say, * Go sip again;
" HELL iliall not throw, my angels, on your fouls
" So sweet, a single Ihovelful of coals."
Now in the fire was all the fat:
Jufl as two bulldogs pull a cat,
Both parishes with furious zeal contended —
So heartily the holy man. was hugg'd,
So much from place to place his limbs were uigg*d,
That very fatally the battle ended!
In ihort, by hugging, lugging, and kind squeezes,
The man of God was pull'd in fifty pieces!
This work perform'd, the bones were fought for stoutly;
And so the fray continued most devoutly.
Lo, with an arm, away one rascal fled;
This with a leg, and that the head —
Off with the toes another goes —
Another seizes him, and gets the toes.
Nay, some, a relic so intent to crib,
Fought just like maftuTs for a rib;
Nay more (for truth, to tell the whole, obliges)
A dozen battled for his os coccygis /*
Heav'n, that fees all things, faw the dire dispute,
In which each parish a<5ted like a brute;
Then bade the dead man as a Saint be fought;
Still, to reward him more, his bones enriches
With pow'r o'er evils, rheumatisms, and itches,
However dreadful, and wherever caught:
Thus, by the grace of HIM who governs thunder,
His very toe-nail could perform a wonder*
