title: Thus (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

THUS might our Monarch, by this dozen men,
Be hugg'd i — and then! and then! and then! and then!
Then what? why, then, this direful ill must spring;
I a goodfufyefl lose, and thou a KING!
No, TOM; no more to strike us with amaze,
Thy courtly tropes of adulation blaze:
A fetting fun art thou, so mild thy beam!
Thou (like old OCEAN'S heaving wave no more,
That lifts a {hip and fly with equal roar)
Pour'ft from thy lyric pipe a fiber stream.
No more we hear the gale of Fame
Wild.bluft'ring with thy MASTER'S name:
No more ideal virtues ride sublime,
(Like feathers) on the surge of rhyme.
But lo the cause! it was the ROYAL WILL *
To bid the tempest of his praise be still;
No more to let his virtues make a rout,
Blown by thy blasts like paper kites about.
Indeed thy Sov'reign, in thy verse so fine,
Might justly have exclaim'd at many a line,
" In peacock's feathers, lo, this knave arrays me.**
And like a King of France of whom I've read,
Our gracious Sov'reign also might have said,
" What have I done, that he mould praise me?"
With pity have I feenthee, SON OF SONG,
Trundling thy lyric wheelbarrow along>
Amidil ST. JAMES'S gapers to unload
The motely mass of pompous ode
And
And wish'd the sr.ck, for verse the annual pme,
To poets of a lets renown —
To poor * WILL MASON, who in secret sighs
To strut beneath the LAUREAT'S leaden crown,
Warm in the praise, thou might'ft have been,
Of thy great King and his great Queen;
But not so diabolically hot—
A downright devil, or a pepper-pot.
By dev'l (without thy being born a wizzard)
Thou ought'fl to know I mean a turkey's gizzard;
So christen'd for its quality, by man,
Because so oft 'tis loaded with kian —
This dev'l is such a 'red-hot bit of meat
As nothing but the Dev'l himself should eat,
hfpoon was large enough, the world well knows!
Why give the pap of praise then with a ladle?
Gently thou mouldft have rock'd him to repose —
Not like a drunken nurse o'erturn'd the cradle.
I do not marvel that the King was wrath,
(Knowing himself no bigger than a lath,)
To find himself a tall, gigantic oak —
'Twas too much of a magic-lantern stroke.
Ah! where was MODESTY, the charming maid?
Where was the rural vagrant stray Ing,
Not to admonish thee, an idle jade,
When thou thy tuneful compliments were paying?
Yet why this question put I, TOM, to thee?
Lord! how we wits forget — me was with me.
Yes, MODESTY (by very few careft)
Ofr condescends to be my guest:
fuparior Genius of Warton prevailed against the xmitcd powers of the
f-nfeetly-whinhi* Elfrida, the nobly-bullying Caiadacus, and a heap of
ciHtd-tvrjppcd Odes bcfidcs.
From

From time to time the maid my rhyme reviews,
And dictates sweet instructions to the MUSE;
Yes, frequent deigns my cottage to adorn,
Just like that blufliful damsel call'd Miss MORN,
Who, smiling from the dreary caves of night,
Moves from her east with silent pace and flow
O'er yonder shadowy mount's gigantic brow,
And to my window {teals with dewy light,
Then peeping through the paries with cherub mien,
Seems to ask liberty to enter in.
Now vent'ring on the fables of my room,
She sweeps the darkness with her star-clad broom:
Now pleas'd a stronger fplendorto diffuse,
Smiles t>n the plated buckles in my shoes;
Smiles on my breeches, too, of handsome plush,
Where George's head once made no jingling found,
But where amid st the pockets all was hulh;
Such awful fiience reign'd around!
Whose fob, which thieves so often pick,
Was quite a (Iranger to a watch's click.
Now cafling on my pen and ink a ray,
Seeming with sweet reproof to say;
" The lark to Heav'n her grateful matins sings;
" Then, PETER, also ope thy tuneful throat,
" And, happy in*a fascinating note,
" Rife and salute the left of Kings."
Howe'er the world t' abuse me may be giv'n,
I cannot do without CROWN'D HEADS, byHeav'n!
Bards must have fubjecls that their genius suit —
And if I've not Crown'd Heads, I must be mute.
My verse is somewhat like a game at Whift;
Which game, though play'd by people eVR* so keen,
Cannot with much success, alas! exist,
Kxcept their hands poflefs a King and Queen.
I own,
