title: Thus (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 53
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

I own, my muse delights in royal folk:
Lead-mines, producing many pretty pounds!
JOE MILLARS, furniftiing a fund of joke!
Lo, with a fund of joke a Court abounds!
At royal follies, Lord! a lucky hit
Saves our poor brain th' expence of wit:
At Princes let but Satire lift his gun,
The more their feathers fly, the more the fun.
E'en the whole world, blockheads and men of letters,
Enjoy a cannonade upon their betters.
And, vice versd, Kings and Queens
Know pretty well what fcandnl means,
And love it too — yes, Majesty's a grinner:
Scandal that really would disgrace a liable
Hath oft been beckon'd to a royal table,
And pleas'd a princely palate more than dinner.
I know the world exclaimeth in this guise; N
" Suppose a King not over-wife,
" (A vice in Kings not very oft fufpecled)
" If folly constitutes a Monarch's bliss,
" Shall {uch by saucy poets Hand corrected?
" Bold is the mangold Parson Calchas * cries,
" Who tells a Monarch where his folly lies."
u Grant that a King in converfe'cannot mine,
" And marp with shrewd remark a world alarm;
" What bufmefs, PETER PINDAR, is't of thine?
" Grant puerilities — pray wherc'sthe harm:"-—
To this I answer, I don't think a King
" Will go to hell for ev?ry childish thing—
" Yet mind, I think that one in his great ilation
" Should mow sublime example to a nation:
" And when an eagle he mould spring
" To drink the solar blaze on tow'ring wing,
»4 With

« With daring and undazzled eyes;
" Not be a Js arrow upon chimneys hopping.
" His head in holes and corners popping
TOM, I'm notgriev'd that thou haft changed thy note,.
And op'd on Windsor wall thy tuneful throat;
For verily it is a rare old mass!
Nor angry that to WEST thou cioft descend;
The King's great painting oracle and friend,
Who teacheth * JER'VAS how to spoil good glufs.
But, son of Is is, since amidst this ode,
Thou talk'ft of painting, like an ardent lover,
Of panes of glass now daubing over,
Pimming delightfully the great abode;
Speak — know 'st thou aught of RAPHAEL'S rare Car toons?
I have not seen therh, TOM, for many moons!
Why didft thou not, amidst thy rhyming fit,
Of those most heav'nly pictures talk a bit —
For which the NATION paid down tv*icyfoufe?
Rare piftures, brought long since from HAMPTON
