title: To Brother Tom
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 75
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

This Carpenter, like men of other trades
Whom conference very easily persuades
To tike from neighbours useless fuperfiuity,
Refolv'd upon an economic plan»
Whicli mows that in the character of man
Economy is not an incongruity.
J know/owe Mojiarcks say the fame — whose pulses
Beat high f6r iv'ry chairs and beds and buifes.
For, lo! this man of economic sort
Makes all his coffins much too mort:
Yet snugly he accommodates the dead —
Cuts off, with much fang- fro iJ, the head;
And then, to.keep it fafe'as well as warm,
He gravely puts it underneath the arm;
Making his dead man quite a PARIS beau!
Hugging his jowl en chapeau bras.

BUT, Thomas, now to those Cartoons of fame —
Do ask thy Sov 'reign, in my name,
What's to be%done with those rare pictures next;
Some months ago, by night, they travell'd down
To the Queen's House in Wirtdfor town,
At which the London folks were vastly vex'd.
For if those fine Cartoons, as hift'ry says,
Were (much to this great nation's praise)
Bought for BRITANNIA'S sole mfpe~<5tion;
Una/ted, to suffer any man to feel 'em,
Or suffer any forward dame to steal 'em,
Would be a national reflection.
TOM, ask, to STRELITZ if they're doom'd to go,
Because the walls are naked there, I know.
Strelitz a nioufe-hole is, all dark and drear;
And, should the pictures be inclin'd to st ray,
Not liking Strelitz, they may lose their way,
And ramble to forne Hebrew auctioneer;
I i 2 Where,

Where, like poor captur'd negroes in a knot,
The holy wand'rers may be made a lot —
And, like the goods at Garraway's we handle,
Christ and the Saints be fold by inch of candle?
Dearly beloved THOMAS, to conclude —
(I see thee ready to bawl out " Amen:" )
Joking apart, don't think me rude
. For wishing to inftrucl: thy lyric pen.
Whether like trout and eels in humble pride,
Along the simple stream of prose we glide;
Or stirring from below a cloud of mud,
Like whales we flounder through the lyric flood;
Or (if a paft'ral image charm thee more)
Whether the vales of prose our feet explore,
t)r, rais'd sublime on ODE'S aerial sleep,
We bound from rock to rock, like goats and sheep;
Whether we dine with Dukes on fifty dimes, -
Or, poet-like, against our wimes,
On beef or pork, an economic crumb,
(Perchance not bigger than our thumb,
Turn'd by a bit of packthread at the fire)
To satisfy our hunger's keen desire;
A good old proverb let us keep in view —
Thomas, " Give the Dev '1 his due."

Whether a Monarch, ifTuing high command,
Smiles us to court, and shakes us by the hand;
Or rude bujnbaiiiffs touch us on the (boulder,
And bid our tuneful harps in prison moulder;
Sell not (to meanness funk) one golden line —
The MUSE'S incense for a gill of wine.
This were a poor excuse of thine, my friend —
" I'm like a country clock, poor, lonely thing,
<c That on the ftaircaie, or behind the door,
" And chimes that vulgar tune, " God fave tl^King."
Oh! [f defecting WINDSOR'S lofty tow'rs,
To fave a fixpence in his barrack bow'rs,
A MONARCH shuffles from the world away,
And gives to FOLLY'S whims the bustling day;
yar/z low themes thy promis'd praise recall,
sing more wonders of the old MUD WALL.
