title: E 3 Ode
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

NOW for my crkicifm on paints,
Where bull-dogs, heroes, sinners, saints,
Flames, thunder, light'ning, in con fu (ion meet!— •
Behold the works of Mister WEST!
That artist shall be first addreft—
His pencil with due rev'rence, lo! I greet.
Still bleeding from his last year's wound,
Which from my doughty larice he found;
Methinks } hear the trembling painter bawlr
" Why doil thou persecute me, SAUL?"
WEST, Let me whisper in thy ear —
Snug as a thief within a mill,
From me thou haft no cause to fear:
To panegyric will I turn my (kill;
And if thy pifture I am forc'd to blame,
I'll say most handsome things about the frame. x
Don't be cast down — instead of gall,
MolafiFes from my pen shall fall:
And yet, I fear thy gullet it is such,
That, could I pour all Niagara down,
Were Niagara praise, thou wouldft not frown,
Nor think the thund'ring gulph one drop too much.

Ye gods! the portrait of the King! *
A very Saracen! a glorious thing!
It shows a flaming peacil, let me tell ye—
Methinks I see the people stare,
And, anxious for his life, declare,
" King George hath got a fire-ihip in his belly."
Thy Charles! what must I say to that?
Each face unmeaning, and so flat! —
Indeed first cousin to a piece of board:
But, Muse, we've promised in our lays,
To give our Yanky painter praifej
So, Madam, 'tis but fair to keep our word.
Well then, the Charles of Mister West,
And Oliver, I do protest,
And eke the witnefles f of refurre&ion,
Will stop a hole, keep out the wind,
And make as good a window-Wind,
As great Corregio's,J plac'd for horse protection.

They'll make good floor-cfoths, taylor's measures
For table coverings, be treasures;
With butchers, form for flies most charming flappers;
And Monday mornings at the tub,
When queens of suds their linen scrub,
Make for the blue-nos'd nymphs delightful wrappers*.
WEST, I forgot last year to say,
Thy Angels did my delicacy hurt;
Their linen so much coarfenefs did display:
What's worse, each had not above half a shirt..
drawing, coloring, compofitk)^ so very, very bad. The exfrcjj'.on
has the only merit.
f Peter and John.
t Conegio's best piclarcs were actually mack use of in the royal
ftablcs in the N,orth, to keep the wind from the tails of the horses.
-I tell

I tell thee, cambrick fine as webs of spiders,
Ought to have deck'd that brace of heavenly riders*
Could not their saddle-bags, pray, jump
To somewhat longer for each rump!
I'd buy much better at a Wapping shop,
By vulgar tongues baptiz'd a flop!
Do mind, my friend, thy hits another time,
And thou shalt cut a figure in my rhyme:
Sublimely tow'ring 'midst th% Atlantic roar,
I'll waft thy praises to thy native more;*,
Where LIBERTY'S brave fons their paeans sing,
And ev'n the convict feels himself a King.
