title: Peter's Prophecy; or, The President and Poet (part 1 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 118
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); dialogue (Peter / Sir Joseph Banks); speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

THE BARD who, sill'd with Friendship's purest fire,
Tun'd to a MIGHTY KING t}ie moral lyrej
With all the magic of the Mufe's art,
Smil'd at his foibles, and enlarg'd * his heart,
Ungrateful Prince! like mofl of modern times,
Who never thank'd the Poet 'for his rhymes:
The BARD, with Wifdom's voice fublimely strong,
Who scar'd the maids of honour with his fong,
Turn'd courtiers pale, anc^irn'd to silent wonder
AmbafTadors, at TRUTH'Weep tone of thunder;
Who in their country (fiich a timid thing!)
Was never known to 'whisper to a king:
The BARD who dar'd undaunted thus to tow'r,
And boldly oracles to Princes pour,
Stoops from the zenith of his eagle flight
To give initruclion to a Jimph Knight.
To C^ES A R, who th' advice with scorn repaid,
" Beware the Ides of March J* a conj'ror said.
•<- Verily the Lyric BarJ hath cause of triumph — by means of a
few hlntsy the close fist of Royal Economy hath been a little unclenched.
By God's gr.ice, and the Poet's good health, greater things are likely to
be accompliihed; such is the power of fsng!
More

More reverenc'd let a greater conj'ror say,
" Beware, Sir JOSEPH BANKS, St. Andrew's Day*4
Near is the gloomy month, and gloomy hour,
When, of your plumage ftripp'd, and fav'rite pow'r,
You quit that mace and pompous chair of state,
And cease Lord Paramount of Moth debate,
That-awe-inspiring hammer'd fist to rear,
Like fcepter'd JOVE, and SQUIB the AUCTIONEER!

Perchance AMBITION may be doom'd to mourn i
Perchance your honours may no more return!
Think what a holt of enemies you make!
What feeling mind would be a BULL at stake?
Pinch'd by this mongrel, by that mafliff torn;
/?7;o'd make a feast to treat the public scorn?
Who'd be a BE AR that grasps his club with pride,
WTith which Ids dancing-mqfeer drubs his hide?
None, dear Sir JOSEPH, but the arrant'ft fool
_Turns but to feel the {hafts of ridicule.
SIR J q|gE P H.
Your meaning, friend, I cafily divine:!
Yes, quit for life the chair — resign, resign.

Good 1 but, my friend, 'twould be a black November,
To lose the chair, and sneak a vulgar member;
Sit on a bench mumchance without my hat,*
Sunk from a lion to a tame Tom cat.
Just like a schoolboy trembling o'er his book,
Afraid to move, or speak/ or think, or look,
When Mister PRESIDENT, with mastiff air,
Vouchfafes to grumble " Silence" from the chair.

All this is mortifying to be sure,
And more than flesh and blood can well endure
Then to your turnip- fields in peace retire:
Return, like CINCINNATUS, country fqu ire:
Go with your wifdorn, and amaze the Boors
With apple-tree, and shrub, and flow'r amours;
And tell them all, with wide-mouth'd wonder big,
How gnats f can make a cuckold of a fig.
Form fly-clubs, fheli-clubs, weed clubs, if you pleases
And proudly reign the PRESIDENT of these:
Go, and with periwinkle wisdom charm;
With loves of lobflers, oysters, crabs, alarm;
And tell them how, like oar?4» the females woo'd,
By killing, people all the realms of mud:
Thus, though proud LONDON dares refuse your fame,
The Towns of LINCOLNSHIRE shall raise your name;
Knock down die bull, the magpie, calf, and king,
And bid Sir Joseph on their signposts swing.

No! lince I've fairly mounted FORTUNE'S mafr,
Till FATE shall chop my hands off, I'll hold fast.
"'* The Prcfidcnt always wears his hat.
f See the Natural History of the Fig.
VOL. I. K k PETER.

Who keeps no company (delightful plan!)
That dares be wiser than himself, good man!

In troth, Sir JOSEPH, I have often seen ye
Xook in debate a little like a ninny,
Struggling to grasp the sense with mouth, hands, eyes,
And with the philosophic Speaker rife;
Just like a spider brush'd by SUSAN'S broom,
That tries to claw its thread, and mount the room;
Poor sprawling reptile, but with humbled air
Condemn'd to frieak away behind a chair.

I own the great, past pow'rs of tea and toad!
Ven'fon's a C.ESAR in the fiercest fray;
Turtle, an ALEXANDER in its way:
And then, in quarrels of a Jlighter nature,
Mutton's a most successful mediator!
So much superior is the ftomach's smart
To all the vaunted horrors of the heart;
E'en LOVE, who often triumphs in his grief,
Hath ceas'd to feed on sighs, to pant on beef. ••

Yes, yes, my friend, my tea and butter'd rolls
Have found an easy pass to people's fouls:
My vvell-tim'd dinners (certain folks revere)
Have left this easy bosom nought to fear.
The turnpike road to people's hearts, I find,
Lies thro' their guts, or I mistake mankind;
BciiJes, whilst thus I boast my Sovereign's smile,
Let raggamuffins rage, and rogues revile.

Alas! Sir JOSEPH! grant the KING you please,
Which ev'ry courtier's eye with envy fees;
A glorious thing too, no man can deny it;
Though no man ever got a Jixpence by it;
Yet of our lucky island, certain KINGS,
Far from <7//-mighty, are not mighty things:
And tho' with many a wren you make him bleil,
And many a tomtit's egg and tomtit's neft;
And many a monkey ftutf'd to make him grin,
And many a flea and beetle on a pin;
And promise (to cajole the royal mind)
To make his butcher, member, and his hind;
It is not hej with Polyphemus flare,
And stern command, perpetuates the Chair!
I know that difaffeftion taints the throng,
And know the world is lavijfi in its tongue.-
