title: Peter's Prophecy; or, The President and Poet (part 2 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 110
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); dialogue (Peter / Sir Joseph Banks); speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

Thus, then, " How dares that man his carcafe squat,
" Bold, in the sacred chair where Newton fat;
" Whose eye could NATURE'S darkefl veil pervade,
" And, fun-like, view the solitary MAID;
" And on her labours pour a noontide blaze?
" When to the chair BANKS forc'd his bold afeent,
" He crawl'd a bug upon the monument.

Have patience, dear Sir Jofeplr, pray! '
I have not mentionM half the people say; —
Kk Thus-'

Thus then again, " He beats the bears, so rude,
" With bull-dog afpecl, and with brains of mud:
" His words, like stones for pavements, make us start;
" Rude, roughly rumbling, tumbling from the cart;
" Who for importance all his lungs employs,
And thinks that words, like drums, were made for noise?
" A fellow so unqualified to shine!
" Who never to the Journals gave a line;
" But into SWEDEN cast a fox-like look,
" And caught Goose DRYANDER to write his book-*
" Such is the mania for the claps of Fame,
u Resembling beggars that on alms grow fat;
" And from his pocket call the eharity.
" Thro' him each trifle-hunter that can bring
" Shall to a FELLOW'S dignity succeed;
" To ask a. PRESIDENT'S important place?•
" How with a matchlefs insolence to dare
" Abuse and jostle PRINGLE \ from the chair?
" A moth-

Thus then again, " He beats the bears, so rude,
" With bull-dog afpecl:, and with brains of mud:
" His words, like stones for pavements, make us start;
44 Rude, roughly rumbling, tumbling from the cart;
" Who for importance all his Jungs employs,
" Who never to the Journals gave a line;
" But into SWEDEN cast a fox- like look,
" And caught Goose DR Y ANDER to write his book.*
" So fought by many a 'squire and gentle dame,
" Resembling beggars that on alms grow fat;
" Who, if too weak themselves to make a brat,
" Buy children up to melt the traveler's eye,
" And from his pocket call the eharitv.
" Thro' him each trifle-hunter that can bring
" A grub, a weed, a moth, a beetle's wing,
" Shall to a FELLOW'S dignity succeed;
44 Witness Lord CHATHAM and his piss-a*-led /"f
" How with a matchlefs insolence to dare
" Abuse and joflle PRINGLE \ from the chair?
" A moth-

And well (I think) I hear each precious' fp/eech,
In sentiment sublime, and language rich;
" What's new, Sir JOSEPH? what,.what's new found out?;
" Any more moniters, lizard, monkey,, rat,
" Egg,. weed, mouse, butterfly, pig,.what, what, what?
" Toad, spider, grasshopper, Sir JOSEPH BANKS?
" " thanks?
his candour in acknowledging himfclf unlettered, as he really was rcfufed -
his degree at Cambridge, though every inicrcft was implored to make
Mm pass rnuftcr,.
" You still eat * raw flem, beetle, viper, bat,
Such is the language of the first of Kings,
That many a fighirig heart with envy flings!
And much I'm pleas'd to fancy that I hear
Such wife and gracious whiipers greet your ear:
Yet if the greater part of members growl,
Tho' owls themselves, and curse_ys# for an owl,
And bent the great Sir JOSEPH BANKS to humble,
Behold the GIANT PRESIDENT mufl tumble.

Zounds! Sir, the GREAT-ONES to my whittle come:
J have 'em ev'ry one beneath my thumb.
ELECTORS, MARGRAVES, PRINCES, grace my lift:
And mail a few poor ragged rogues refill,
Because (a flock of aflronomic gulls! )
The cobweb mathematics cloud their sculls?
The GREAT, when beckon'd to, my cause mall aid,
And happy, think themselves with thanks o'er-paid:
These shall arise, and, with a single frown,
Beat the bold front of OPPOSITION down.

By heav'ns! I've merit, say whate'er you please
Can name the vegetable tribes with ease.
What monkey walks the woods, or climbs a tree,
Whole genealogy's unknown to me?
man bcfides himself dared to tread, the Knight often exercised his teeth
in such repalts, before a number of wonder rug fpcftators.

J grant you, Sir, in monkey knowledge great;
Yet say, ihould monkeys give you Neivton's seat?
Such merit scarcely is enough to dub
A mr.n a member of a country club.
With novel specks on eggs to feafl the eye;
Or gaudy colours of a butterfly;
Or new-found fibre of some grafly blade,
Well suits the idle hours of some old maid,
(Whole figbs each lover's vanish'd sighs deplore)
To murder time when Cupids kill no more;
Not WOT, who, lab'ringwith a Titan mind,
Should scale the skies to benefit mankind.
I grant you full of anecdote, my friend —
Bons mots, and wondrous (lories without end;
Yet if a tale can claim, or jeil so rare,
Ten thousand gojfips might demand the chair.
To feet at boobies,* noddies, with such luck,
And pepper a poor Indian like a duck
To hunt for days a lizard or a gnat,
And run a dozen miles to catch a bat;
To plunge in marshes, and to scale the rocks,
Sublime, for fcurvygrafs and lady-smocks,f
Are matters of proud triumph, to be sure,
And such as FAME'S fair volume should secure:
Yet, to my mind, it is not such a seat,
As gives a man a claim to Newton's seat.
