title: Peter's Prophecy; or, The President and Poet (part 3 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 127
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); dialogue (Peter / Sir Joseph Banks); speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

Great in the eating knowledge, all allow;
Who sent you once the fumcn of a sow;*
Far richer food than pigs that lose their breath,
Whipp'd, like poor ibldiers on parades, to death.
Sir WILLIAM! hand and glove with NAPLES KING!
Who made with rare antiques the nation ring;
Who, when VESUVIUS foam'd with melted matter,
March'd up and clapp'd his nose into the crater,
Just with the fame /ang-f raid that JOAN the cook
Casts on her dumplings in the pot a look.
But more the world reports (I hope untrue,)
That half STR WILLIAM'S Mugs and Gods are new;
Him/elf the baker of th' Etrurian ware,
That made our British antiquarians flare;
Nay, that he means ere long to cross the main,
And at his Naples oven (Weat again;
And, by his late fuccefles render'd bolder,
To bake new mugs, and gods some ages older!

More./Etnas in the moon— more cinder loads!
Perhaps mail-coaches on her turnpike roads,
By some great LUNAR PALMER taught to fly,
To gain the gracious glances of the eye
Of Tome penurious man of high degree,
And charm the monarch with a poftagefree;
prefcnt. This mode of making it properly is, by tying the tea's of a
sow, soon after Ihe ha h littered; continuing the ligature till the poor
creature is nearly cxhaufled with torture, and then cutting her throat.
Th; effects of the milk diifufed through this belly part are so delicious,
Such

Such astoCHELx'NAM waters urg'd their way,
WhereCLOACiNA holds her easy sway;
Where paper-mills shall load with wealth the town,
And ev'ry Ihop shall deal in <whitijli brown;
Where for the coach the KING was wont to watch,
Loaded with sisti, fowl, bacon, and dispatch;*
Eggs and small beer, potatoes, too, a store,
That cost in CHELT'NAM. market two -pence more;
Converting thus a coach of matchlefs art,
With two rare geldings, to zfutler's cart.
But, voluble Sir Joseph — not so fast —
The fame of HERSCHEL is a dying blafl:
When on the moon he fir st began to peep,
The wond'ring world pronounc'd the gazer, deep;
But wifernow th' ##-wond*ring world, alas!
Gives all poor HER SCHEL'S glory to his glass;
Convinc'd his boafled aftronomic strength
Lies in his tube's^ not head's enormous length.

Who from his Blenheim chimneys Wonders spies-—
The daily advertiser of the skies:
Who equals his great ancestor in head;
A hero * who could neither write nor read:
Thus equal form'd, to all the world's furprifej
As one/wept earth, the other sweeps the skies.

Believe me, full as well. might Papifts bring
Quills from a SERAPH'S ti.il, or CHERUB'S wing;
Saint DutfsTAN's crab Hick, vvhkh the SATNT uncivil
Broke on the back of our great foe the DEVIL;
SAINT ANDREW'S toe, SAINT AGATHA'S old smock,
And stones that rattled round SAINT STEPHEN'S block.;
SAINT~JOSEPH'S sighs so deep, preferv'd in bottles,
Amounting, legends say, to many pottles;
Caught as the SAINT, with all his might and main,
Was cleaving billets, /or his fire, in twain.;
Or bones * Irom-Catacombs to form new saints,
To cure, like all quack med'cines, all complaints!
Such might the journals of the house record,
As well as HUNTER'S wondrous cock-hen bird.

Beets that flrall keep gaunt FAMINE to his East,
And make him on Gentoos, as usual, feast;
Whilst ev'ry lucky BRITON that one meets
Shall strut a FALSTAFF, such the pow'r of Beets!
Beets! that must bring the Quaker wealth and fame,
And give his cheek the virgin glow of shame;
Who ne'er, meek man, was known a face to push,
Nor hear his own applause without a blush!
Beets! that mail form an epoch in our times,
And thus, by PETER prais'd, embalm his rhymes t

Who weekly with his watch is seen to run,
The little pupil of a Greenwich fun,. *
To learn the motions of old TIME, and mock
The fatal errors of each London clock.

Thus LUBIN, from his solitary Down,
Leads tittle LUBIN to a neighboring town:
The lad with ecftacy surveys the scene;
Then home returning, with triumphant mien,
Corrects his mother's, filler's conversations,
And wonder at his ignorant relations.
AUBERT who meriteth indeed applause!
Full of high-founding phrases, and wifey^m /
Who from his cradle learn'd the stars to lisp,
And to a meteor * turn'd a will-o'-wisp!
v SIR JOSEPH.
Pray, then, what think ye of our famous DAINES?
Tlnnk of a man deny'd, by Nature, brains!
Whose trash fp oft the royal leaves disgraces:
Who knows not jordans, fool! from Roman vases!
About old pots his head for ever puzzling,
And boring earth, like pigs for troufles f muzzling;
Who likewise from old urns, to crotchets leaps,
Delights in music, and at concerts Jleeps.%

The beautiful deformities of nature!
Birds without heads, and tails, and wings, and legsa
Tremendous Cyclop pigs, and speckless eggs;
Snails from Japan, and wasps, and Indian jays,
Command attention, and excite our praise:
Chopsticks and backfcrapers are curious things;
Scalps, and tobacco-pipes, and Indian firings;
Such as to charm the wond'ring Cits we see,
Where DON SALTEHO * gives his Sunday's tea;
Great DON SALTERO, name of high renown,
Who treats, too, with immortal rolls the town!
Rare are the buttons of a Roman's breeches,
In antiquarians eyes surpassing riches:
Rare is each crack'd, black, rotten, eartherrdifh,.
That held of ancient Rome the flesh and fish:
Rare are the talismans that drove4:he Devilj -
And rare the bottles that contained odd fnivel.
Owls' heads, and snoring frogs, preferv'd in spirits,,
Most certainly are not without their merits;
Yet these to gain, and give to public view,
Lo! PARKINSON knows full as well as you;
As did Sir^sHTON sam'd,' whose mental pow'r r
Juffc reach'd to tell us by the clock the hour. -

Poh! p-x! don't laugh — such things are rich and scarce,
sacred — let not all be farce.

Sir Joseph, I mujl laugh when things like these
Jfeyond Ju&timitics have pow'r to please;
