title: Peter's Prophecy; or, The President and Poet (part 4 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); dialogue (Peter / Sir Joseph Banks); speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

To crowd with such poor llnlenefs your walls,
Is putting Master PUNCH into St. PAUL'S.
Yet, to the point — the place on which you dote
Hath been for ever carried by the vote.
Know then, your parajites begin to bellow,
And call you openly a shallow fellow: -
In vain to, failing Majesty you fly;
JTis on the many that you mud rely:
E'en blockheads blush, so much are they afham'd-—
They and their modest blushes may be d — n'd.
Ungrateful scoundrels! eat my rolls and butter,
And daring thus their insolences mutter!
Swallow my turtle and my beef by pounds,
And tear my ven'fon like a pack of hounds;
Yet have the impudence, the brazen foce,
To say I am I\Q\. fitted for the place!
In God's name let my wine in torrents flow!
E'en be my house a tavern in So HO!
Of daily ven'fon let roe try the force,
And keep an open house for man and horse.
Oh! let me hold by any means the chair!—
To keep that honour every thing I dare!

I own that nothing like good cheer succeeds—
A man's a God whose hogihead freely bleeds:
Champaigne can consecrate the damned'ft evil:
A hungry Parasite adores a Devil;
3n radiant virtues his poor host arrays,
And smooths him with the goflimer of praise;
• Stuff *d to the throat till repetition tires,
And GLUTTONY'S hugegreafy wi'b expires;
Apostate then, the knave denies his church,
And leaves his Saint, with laughter, in the lurch.
In ihort, your gormandizers and your drinkers
Quit their old faith, aud turn out rank free-thinkers.
Dead
Dead is the novelty of fine fat haunches,
And truth no longer facrific'd to paunches:
Aftiam'd, at length, the sad repentant SINNERS
All blush to barter flatt'ry for good dinners:
No charms surround the knocker of your door,
That beam'd with honour, but now beams no more?

Left by your earthly friends, I fear your pray'rs,
Most pious PRESIDENT, won't mend affairs:
The POW'R you mention, with all-seeing eyes,
Well knows your little rev'rence for hisjft&r.*
Thus may your pray'rs be vain, however hearty;
Besides, HEAV'N oft'neft joins the strongest party.

jtnd sac'd QUEEN OBORE A in the boat,
And loft your shoes and stockings, and your ccat:
A circumstance that much the tale enriches,
But providentally preferv'd your breeches! • fioa of the ailronomkal geniulcs from the Society.
For

For unknown weeds, dar'd unknown paths explore
And frighten'd canibals from shore to shore;
On each new island clapp'd King George's leal,
A sharp impression too of hardest steel;
Whilst witness Pistol and his brother Gun
Look'd with a pointed approbation on.
A decent method of appropriation,
And adding glory to the British nation!
True, you have try'd to be as great as HE,
The vent'rous TROJAN, fportof wind and sea,
Who left old Troy, his parish, far from home,
To find a lodging for imperial Rome: —
Yet are those feats what vulgars term a lore;
Stale fluff — the Members look for something more.
I grant, you naked with your servants pranc'd,,
To mow how folks at Otaheite danc'd:
And much the smiling audience you amus'd,
Though DECENCY, indeed, the dance abus'd;
SHE, blushing damsel, turn'd her head aiide,
And wish'd-a whip to ev'ry hopping hide.
Grant that you sent, to charm the public eye,
Egyptian stones,* that form'd for hogs a flye;
With teeming hieroglyphics on their faces,
That prov'd unfortunately pigs'-feet traces:
Yet, lo! like bullocks in a fair, they roar,
Or vacate bid you, or do something more.

Thus when a hofl of grasshoppers and rats,
By men undaunted, uuabam'dyby cats,
Jn hopping and in running legions pours,
Affrights the Papifts, and" their grass devours;
such was his zeal for" the honour of Hieroglyphics: but, as that building
pofleffes alreaJy as much of the antique as it can well authenticate, they
>vcre returned in a cart upon his hands.
Lo, arm'd with pray'rs to thunder in their ears,
A BISHOP boldly meets the buccaneers;
Sprinkles his holy water on the sod,
And drives, and damns them in the name of God!*
You purge the tainted dwelling from disgrace,
By boldly spitting in each Members face!
Where, sweet Sir Joseph, will you find the spittle,
Since what would float the ALBION f were too little t
With solemn, sentimental step, so How,
I see you through the flreets of London go,
With poring, studious, daring, earth-nail'd eyCj
As heedlefs of the mob that buttles by.
This was a scheme of wisdom, let me say;
But lo, this trap far fame hath had its day;
And let me tell you, what I've urg'd before,
The restless Members look for something more.

Zounds \ han't I swallow'd raw flesh like an hound f
On vileft reptiles rung the changes round?
Eat ev'ry filthy infect you can mention;
Tarts made of grasshoppers, my own invention?
Frogs; tadpoles by the spoonful, long-tai I'd imps;
And munch'd cock-chasers just like prawns or shrimps?

Sir Joseph, pray don't eat an Alligator —
Go swallow something of a foft'er nature;
Feast on the arts and sciences, and learn.
Sublimity from trifles to discern:
With shells, and flies, and daifles, eoverd o'er,
Let pert QUEEN FIDDLEF ADDLE rule no more:
Thus mail PHILOSOPHY herfuffrage yield,
Sir JOSEPH wear his hat,* and hammer wield;
No mose mall WISDOM on the Journals flare,,
Nor NEWTON'S f image blush behind; the CHAIR.
vered at the Royal Society's meetings. — The hammer forms a part of the
regalia, to command silence, and rouse the Members from their hsppy
(lumbers, whilst their Secretary, Dr. Blagden, proclaims rare news from
themorh, bat, butterfly, and spider countries.
f The picture of this great man is immediately behind the chair of
the President.

PETER's

PETE R's PENS IO N:
