title: O D E V
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 53
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

T> EADER, dost know the mod'e of catching Gulls?
If not, I will inform thee — Take a board>
And place a nfh upon it for the fools,
A fprat, or any fish by Gulls ador'd:
Those birds, who love a lofty flight,
And fomctimes bid the fun good niehtj
Spying the glittering bait that floats below,
Sans certmonie, down they rush,
(For Gulls have got no manners) on they puftij
And what's the pretty consequence, I trow?
They strike their gentle jobbernowls of lead
Plump on the board — then lie like boobies dead.
Reader, thou need'ft not beat thy brains about,
To make so plain an application out: —
^here's many a painting puppy, take my word,
Who knocks his filly head against a board —
That might have help'd the State — made a good jailor,
A nightman, or a tolerable taylor.

me in Sodom out," (exclaim'd the Lord)
" Ten gentlemen^ the place flian't be un-/ow»V— •
The dev'l a Gentleman was to be found!
But this was rather hard, since Heav'n well knew
That ev'ry fellow in it was a Jew.
This house is nearly in the fame condition-
Scarce are good things amidthofe wide abodes. —
Find me ten pictures in this Exhibition,
That ought not to be d — n'd, I'll burn my Odes!
And then the world will be in fits and vapours,
Julias it was for poor Lord MANSFIELD'S papers.*
St. Dennis,' when his head was taken off,
Hugg'd it, and kiss'd it — carried it a mile:
This was a pleasant miracle enough,
That maketh many an unbeliever smile.
Ye may believe the wondrous tale indeed!
Speak, hav'n'tyou said thit many a picture here
Was really done by folks without a head?
And hav'n't you sworn this instant, with surprise,
That he who hid that thing had neither hands jicr eyes?
fcurnt! burnt in Lord George Gordon's religious conflagration — Th€
rewfpaperj howled for months over their ashes. — Okfjcunfatisrjl.
How

How is it that such miserable fluff
The walls of this stupendous building stains?
The Council's ears with pleasure I could cuff;
Mind me — I don't say batter out their brains.
What will Duke CHAR IRES say when he goes home,
And tells King LEWIS all about the room?
Why, viewing such a set of red-hot heads,
Our Exhibition he will liken hell to;
Then to the Monarch, who both writes and reads, >
Give hand-bills of the wondrous Katterfelto; "
Swearing th' Academy was all so flat,
He'd rather see the wizard and his cat.
