title: Ode Vii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 60
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A DESULTORY way o^ writing,
A hop and step and jump mode of indicting,
My great and wife relation, Pindar, boafled;
Or, (for I love the bard to flatter)
By jerks, like boar-pigs making water,
Whatever nrft came in his sconce, *,
Bounce, out it flew, like bottled ale, at once,
A cock, a bull, a whale, a soldier roasted.
What sharks we mortals are for fame!
How poacher-like we hunt the game!
No matter, for it, how we play the fool—*
And yet, 'tis pleafmg our own laud to hear,
And really very natural to prefer
One grain of praise to pounds of ridicule.
I've

ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXIII. 4$ tVe loft all patience with the trade —
I mean the painters — who can't (lay
To see their works by criticism display'd
And hear what others have to say;
But calling FAME a vile old lazy ftrumpet,
Sound their own praise from their own penny * trumpet,
Amidst the hurly-burly of my brain,
Where the mad Lyric Muse, with pain,
Hammering hard verse her ikill employs,
And beats a tinman's shop in noise;
Catching wild tropes and fimilies,
That hop about like fnaarms of fleas —
We've kft Sir JOSHUA — Ah! that charming elf,
I'm griev'd to say, hath this year loft himself*
Oh! RICHARD, thy St. George f so brave,
Wisdom and Prudence could not fave
From being foully murder'd, my good friend:
Some weep to see the woeful figure;
Whilst others laugh, and many fnigger,
As if their mirth would never have an end>
Prithee accept th' advice I give with sorrow:
Of poor St. George the useless armour borrow,
To guard thy own poor corpse — don't be a mule —
Take it — e'en now thou'j-t like a.hedgehog, ya/7/V,
(RicH ARD, I hope in God thou art not kill\d)
By the (lire shafts of merc'lefs ridicule.
Pity it is! 'tis true 'tis pity!
As Shakespeare lamentably lays.
That thou, in. this observing city,
Thus run'ft a wh-r-ing after PR A is j-;
With^rprj' dejircs I really' think thee fraught;
But, DICK-, the nymph, focoy, wi|J not be caught.
VOL. L F Yet

Yet, for thy confolatiori, mind!
In this thy wounded pride may refuge find-
Think of the Sage who wanted a fine />/«•<?;
Who went, in vain, five hundred miles at least,
On LaYs, a sweet fille- de-joie, to feast —
The Mistress ROBINSON of Greece.
Prithee give up, and fave thy paints and oil,
And don't whole acres of good canvas spoil:
Thou'lt say, " Lord! many hundreds do like me.
Lord! so have fellows robfrd — nay, further,
Hundreds of villains have committed murther
But, RICHARD, are these precedents for t/iee?
