title: Peter's Pension
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 71
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

DREAD SIR, the rams horns that blew down
The walls of JERICHO'S old town,
Made a most monflrous uproar, all agree:
But, lo! a louder noise around us rages,
About two most important perfonages;
No less, my Royal LIEGE, than You and Ms!
Inftiort, not greater the PHILISTINES made
When DALILAH, a little artful jade,
Snipp'd off her lover Mr. SAMPSON'S curl,
Who well repaid the clamours of the bears,
By pulling down thehoufe about their ears.
Prodigious is the ihake around!
Still LONDON keeps (thank God) her ground;
Yet, how th* EXCHANGE and COFFEE-HOUSES ring!
Nothing is heard but PETER and the KING:
The handsome bar-maids flare, as mute as fifties;
And fallow waiters, frighten'd, drop their diihes!
At first 'twas thought the triumph of the Jews
On some great vicVry in the boxing way:
The news, the very ahti-chrmian news,
Of ISRAEL'S HERO* having won the day;
And HUMPHRIES, a true Chrhtiaii boxer, beat:
Enough to give' all CHRISTENDOM a sweat.
INI m 2 Again

Again, 'twas thought great news of the Grand Turk,
Who on his hands hath got fame serious work:
'Twas fancied he had loft the day;
That ev'ry Mnfiulrnan was kill'd in battle,
A fate molt proper for such heathen cattle,
Who do not pray to God our way.
But, lo! unto the lofty fides,
Of found this wonderful' afcnifion.
Doth -verily, my Liege, from this arile;
That you have giv'n the gentle Bard a pension-t
Great is the fhowt indeed, Sir, all abroad,
That you have order d me this handsome thing;
On which, with lifted eyes, I've said, " Good God!
" Though great my merits, yet how great the King I"
And yet, believe me, Sir, I lately heard,
That all your doors were doubly lock'dand barr'd
Again st the POET, for his tuneful art;
And that the tall, fliss, stately red machines,
Your grenadiers, the guards of Kings and Queens,
Were order'd all to flab me to the heart:
That, if tp houie of BUCKINGHAM I came,
Commands so dread were given to Mistress BKIGG,
A comely, fquabby, flout, two-handed dame,
To box the POET'S ears, and pull his wig;
The cooks to spit him — curry him, the grooms;
And kitchen queens to baste him with their brooms.
You're told that in my ways I'm very evil!
So ugly! fit to travel for a mow;
And that I look all grimly where I go!
Just like a devil!
With horns, and tails, and hoofs, that make folks start,
And in my bread a millstone for a heart
This cometh from a certain painter, SIRE:
Bid story-moufing NICOLAY inquire;
Vow-
Your Page, your Mercury, with c • inning eyesj
Who, jumping at each found, so eager opes
His pretty wither'd pair of Chinese chops.
Like a Dutch dog that leaps at butterflies.
He, SIRE, will look me o'er, and will not fail
To swear that I've no horns, nor hoofs, nor tail.
Lord! Lord! these sayings grieve me and surprise!
Dread Sir, don't see with other people's eyes —
No dev'l am I, with horns, and tail and hoofs:
As for the likeness of my heart to stone;
Noj Sir," 'tis full as tender as your own:
Accept, my Liege, some simple love-fick proofs*
