title: Hymn to Modesty (part 1 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 103
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

O! MODESTY, thou shy and blufhful maid
Don't of a simple shepherd be afraid:
Wert thou my lamb, with sweetest grass I'd treat thre;
Then hade with me, O nymph, to dwell,
And give a goddess to my cell.
Thy fragrant breast, like Alpine snows so white,.
Where all the nestling Loves delight to lie;
Thine eyes so soft, that Ihed the milder light
Of NIGHT'S pale wand 'rer o'er her cloudless sky,
O nympbj
O nymph, my panting, wishing bosom warm,
And beam around me, what a world of charm!
Then haste with me, O nymph, to dwell,,
And give a goddess to my cell.
Thy flaxen ringlets, that luxuriant spread,
And hide thy bosom with an envious made;
Thy polish'd cheek so dimpled, where the rose
In all the bloom of ripening summer blows;
Thy luscious lips that heav'nly dreams inspire,
By beauty form'd, and loaded with desire;
With sorrow, and with wonder, lo! I see
(What melting treasures!) thrown away on tjiee.
Then haste with me, O nymph, to dwell,
And give a goddess to my cell.'
Thou knoweft not that bofom's fair design;
And for those two pouting lips divine,
Thou think'ft them form'd alone for simple chat — •
To bill so happy with thy fav'rite dove,
And playful force, with sweetly fondling love,
Their kisses on a lap-dog or a cat.
Then haste with me, meek maid, to dwell,
And give a goddess to my cell.
Such thoughts thy sweet simplicity produces
But I can point out far fublimer uses;
Uses the very belt of men esteem— -
Of which thine innocence did never dream r
Then haste with me, meek maid, to dwell,
And give a goddess to my celk
Oh! fly from IMPUDENCR, the brazen rogue,
Whose flippant tongue hath got the Iri.sh brogue:
Whose hands would pluck thee like the fairest flow'r
Thy cheeks, eyes, forehead, lips and neck devour:
Shun, ihun that Caliban, and with me dwell:
Then come, and give a goddess to my cell,
The world, O simple maid, is full of art,
Would turn thee pale, and fill with dread thy heart,
Didft

Didft thou perceive but half the snares
The DEV'L for charms like thine prepares!
Then haste, O nymph, with me to dwell,
And give a goddess to my cell.
From morn to eve my kiss of speechless love,
Thy eyes' mild beam and blushes shall improve;
And, lo! from our so innocent embrace,
Young MODESTIES shall spring, a numerous race!
The bhifhing girls in ev'ry thing like tJice
The bashful boys prod igiou fly like me!
Then haste with me, O nymph, to dwell,
And give a goddess to my cell.

IS not tnis pretty, Sir? can aught be sweeter?
Instead of that vile appellation, Devil,
So blackguard, so unfriendly, and uncivil,
Should not I be baptiz'd the gentle PETER?
Great is the buz about the Court,
As at th' Exchange, where Jews, Turks, Christians meet,
Or Smithfield Fair, where beasts of ev'ry sort,
Pigs, sheep, men, bullocks, all so friendly greet.
Busy indeed is many a fly court leech!
Afraid to trust each other with a speech —
In hems, and hahs, and half- wore!?, hinting;
Some whifp'ring, lift'mng, tip-toe walking, squinting;
For, lo! so warily each courtier speaks,
They feemto talk with halters round their necks.
Some praise the King for noblenefs of spirit,
For ever ftudving how to find out merit:
Whiift
IV'Mlft from its box the heart doth (lily peep,
And asks the tongue with marv 'ling eyes,
How it can- dare to tell a heap
Of such unconscionable, bare-sac'd lies?
Meaning ME —
" Another hog of EPICURUS' five;
" This vile apostate bends to Baal the knee;
" In lyric fcartdal soon will be a chasm,
" He wrote for bribes, 'tis plain, and now be has 'pm.
" This mighty war-horse will be soon in hand,
" By means of meat, the price of venal notes,
" Calm as a hackney coach-horse on his stand,
'* Tolling about his nose-bag and his oats.
" Whatever he hath said, he dares ««say,
" In native impudence so rich—
" Explain the plaineft things away,
" Treat fire of friendly promises as smoke,
" And laugh at truth and honour as a joke."
Such, Sir, is your good people's constant howl,
As thick as fVnall birds pestering a poor owl.
In vain T tell the world around,
That I have not a pen (ion found:
This speech of simple truth the mob enrages:
" The sa<5l is clear, too clear," they cry —
44 Thou haft already touched a quarter's wages.
" Thou haft, thou haft, thou liar! got a pension."
Still,
