title: Hymn to Modesty (part 2 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 133
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Still, to support my innocence, I've said,
Most fmfully, I own—" I han't, by G—:"
Yet, had I sworn my eyes oait of my head,
They never had believ'd — How vaflly odd!
The morning and the evening papers,
Struck by the found, are in the vapours,
And mourn and droop, to think I'm dead.
Stunn'd by the unexpected news,
The MAGAZINES and sage REVIEWS,,
For grief can scarcely lift the head.
" Nothing but poor, mechanic fluff," they cry,
" Shall now be quoted for the public eye j—
" Nothing original in fong —
'* No novelty of images and thought
" But trilling tranfpofitions of our tongue:
" Bearing a lifeless thought, mall readers meet:
The picture of a funeral that affords,
" So folernn marching through the flaring flreet;
" Where flags, and horse, and foot, a sorrow ape,
" With all the dread difmality of crape,
" Near the poor corpse — perhaps a puny brat,
" Or dry old maid, as meagre as a cat."
No, Sir, you never offer'd me a pension;
But then I guess it is your kind intention:
Yes, Sir, you mean a small douceur to proffer;
But give me leave, Sir, to decline the otfer.
I'm much obliged t'ye, Sir, for your good will;
But Oratorios Iwve half undone ye:
JTis. wbifperd, too, that thieves have robb'd the till
Which kept your milk and butter money.
So much with wisdom saving are you taken,
l>ruiy and C event- Garden ieem forsaken:
Since
Since ccft attendeth those theatric borders,
Content you go to RICHMOND HOUSE with orders*
Form'd to delight.all eyes, all hearts engage,
When lately the sweet PRINCESS* came of age,
Train-oil, inilead of wax, was bid illume
The goodly company and dancing-room!
This never had been done, I'm very sure,
Had not you been, dread SIR, extremely poor.
You now want guineas to buy live flock, Sir,
To graze ysiir Windsor hill and Windsor vale;
And farmers will not let their cattle (Hr,
Until the money's down upon the nail.
I'm told your fiieep have dy'd by dogs and bitches,
And that your fowls have iuffer'd by the fitchews;
And that your man-traps, guards of goose ami duck,
And cocks and hens, have had but so-so luck:
Scarce fifty rogues, in chafe of fowls and eggs,
Have in those loving engines left their legs.
The bulfe, Sir, on a visit to the Tow'r,
Howe'er the royal vifagc may look four,
Howe'ey an object of a deep devotion,
Must cross once more the eaflern ocean!
Indeed,! hope the di'monds will be off,
Or scandal on us rolls in floods:.
Some NABOB may be vile enough
To bring an action for ftol'n goods:
An aft ion, to speak lawyer-like, of trover}
And Heav'n forbid it ihould come over!
For money matters, I am sure,
The Abbey muficwas put off;
Because the royal purse is poor,
Piagu'd with a dry con/umptive cough:
Yet in full health again that purse may riot,
By God's grace, and a (kirn-milk diet.
Pnnccfs Royal.
Close

Close as a vice behold the nation's fist!
Vain would be mouths made up for Civil Lift i
And humble pray'rs, so very ilale,
Will all be calPd an old wife's tale.
Your faithful Commons to your cravings
Will not give up the nation's savings:
Your fav'rite minifler, I'm told, riinsfyy?/^1
And growls at such petitions like a mastiff.
What if my good friend HASTINGS goes to pot?
ADAMS and ANSTRU rHER have flung hard st ones;
He finds his situation rather hot:
BURKE, Fox, and SHERID A x, may break his bones.
As flirely as we faw and felt the bulfe,
Hastings' hath got a very awkward' pulse;
Therefore in jeopardy the culprit stands!
Like patients whose disorders doctors flight
Too often, he may bid us all good night;
And flip, poor man, between our hands.
Then, Sir! oh! then, as long zs life endures,
Nought but remembrance of the bulfe is ours;
An<J to a stomach that like on^s digests,
Slight is the dinner on remembered feaits.
I think we cafes underftahd, and ken
Symptoms as well as most ingenious men;
But, Lord! how oft the wisest are mistaken!
Therefore I tremble for his badger'd bacon.
We may be o«/, with all our (kill so clever;
And what we think an ague, prove jail-fever.
NEBUCHADNEZZAR, Sir, the KINS,
As sacred hift'ries fwertly sing,
Was on all fours turn'd out to grass,
Just like -a horse, or mule, or asa;

P-ETEA'S • PENS io%v
Heav'ns! what a fall from kingly glory!
I hope it will not Co turn out
That we mail have (to make a rout)
A second part of that old story!
This pension was well meant, O glorious King,
Afld for the bard a very.pretty thing;
But let me, Sir, refuse it, I implore — • / ought not to be rich whilst^c« are poor:
No, Sir!, I cannot be your humble hack;
I fear your Majesty would break my back,
I dare refuse you for another reason—
We differ in religion, Sir, a deal;
You fancy it a sin ally'd to treason,
And vastly dangerous to the commonweal
For fubjecls, minuets arid jigs to play
On the Lord's day.
Now, Sir. I'm very fond of fiddling;
And, in my morals, w*hat the world calls middling:
I've aik'd of CONSCIENCE, who came strait from Heav'n,
Whether I Hood a chance to be forgiv'n,
If on a Sunday, from all scruples free,
I scrap'd the old Black Joke and Chere Amle f
" Poh! blockhead" (answer'd CONSCIENCE) know,
44 God never against music made a rule;
." On Sundays you may safely ta^e your bow— •
" And play as well the tiddle as the fool."
A late ARCHBISHOP,* too, O King,
Whp knew moil secrets of the ikies,
Said, Heav'n on Sundays reiifh'd pipe and
Where sounds on sounds unceaiing rife;
And -alk'd, as Sun Jay had its music there,
Why Sunday ftiould not have its ruufie href
