title: Hymn to Modesty (part 3 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 68
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

In consequence of this divine opinion,
That PRINCE of PARSONS in your great dominion
Inform'd his fashionable wife,
That she might have her Sunday routs and cards,
And meet at last with Heav'n's rewards,
When Death ihould take her precious life. *
Thus dropping pious qualms, religious doubts,
His Lady did enjoy her Sunday routs!
Upon GOOD-FRIDAY, too, that <«w/Wday,
Lo! like VAUXH ALL, was LAMBETH all so gay!
Now if his present * GR ACE, with ftiarpen'd eyes,
Could squint a little deeper in the skies,
He might be able to inform his DAME
Of two imppftors, p'rhaps, call'd SIN and SHAME,
Who many a pleasure from our grasp remove,
Pretending to ccmmiilions from above.
Like this, a secret, could his Grace explore,
Whataprcudday for C/>and MISTRESS MOORE!
For, lo \ two greater foes we cannot name
To this world's joys, than Mejfieurs SIN and SHAME,
Then might we th?nk no more of praise and pray'r,
But leave u will our MAKER in the lurch;
Sleep, racket, lie a bed, or take the air,
And order owh and bats to go to church.

SUNDAY, like other days^ would then Have life;
Now Lr'm, and starch, and fiient, as a Quaker;
And g^on - in "her looks, as if the wife
Or wi-'ov/ of an UNDERTAKER*
Happy ihouli I have h-on \;e,
So preat <.. "".aar^h to ol
And, Sir. bet-'ecn Vv.-... ^ _ '%
And me, you aon*t iui-..- -^ you've loft.

Dr. >'Tocre,
The loss of me, so great a Bard,
Is not, O King! to be repair'd.
My verse, superior to the hardest rock,
Nor earthquake fears, nor sea, nor fire;
Surpafling, therefore, Mistress DAMER'S block,
That boasts some little likeness of you, Sire.
That block, so pond'rous, must with age decay,
And all the lines of wisdom wear away:
I grant the Lady's loyalty and love:
Yet, "none but PHIDIAS should attempt a JOVE."
The MACEDONIAN HERO grac'd theftone
Of sam'd PRAXITELES alone;
Forbidding others to attempt his nob,
It was so great and difficult a job.
AUGUSTUS swore an oath so dread,
He'd cut off any poet's head,
But VIR GI L'S, that should dare his praise rehearse,
Or mention ev'n his name in verse.
Then, Sir, if I may be a little free,
My art would suit your merits to a T.
Lord! in my adamantine lays
Your virtues would like bonfires blaze;
So firm your tuneful jeweller would set *em,
They'd break the teeth of TIME to eat 'em.
Wrapp'd in the splendor of my golden line,
For ever would your Majesty be fine;
Appear a gentleman of first repute,
And always glitter in a birth-day suit.
Then to all stories would I give the lie,
That dar'd attack you, and your fame devour;
Making a King a ninepin in our eye,
Who ought like Egypt's pyramids to tow'r;
Such as the following fable, for example;
Of impudence, unprecedented sample!
N n a THS
