title: Peter's Pension
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

SOME time ago a dozen lambs,
Two rev'rend patriarchal rams,
And one good rnojtln?rly old ewe,
Died on a sudden down at KEW $
Where,.with, the sweetest innocence, aJas!
Those pretty,' inoffensive lambs,
And rev'^end horned patriarchal rams,
And motherly old ewe, were nibbling grass t
All, the fair property of our great King,
Whose deaths did much the Royal boforn' wring t
JTwas said that dogs had tickled them to death;
Play'd with their gentle throats, and ftopp'd their breatB.
Like HOMER'S heroes on ths enfanguin'd plain,
Sialk'd MISTER ROBINSON * around the (lain!
And never was more frightenjd in his life!
So shock'd was MISTER ROBINSON'S whole face,
Not stronger horrors could have taken place,
Had CERBERUS devour'd his wife!
With wild, despairing looks, and sighs,
And wet and pity-asking eyes,
He, trembling, to the royal presence ventur'd—
White as the whitest napkin when he enter'd!
White as the man who fought King PRI AM'S bed,
And told him that his warlike son was dead.
And then ftopp'd short —
" Speak, Robinson, speak, speak — what, what's the "*' -hurt?1?
" O Sire!" (aid Robinson again—
" Speak," said the King, " put, put me out of pain;
" Dop't, don't in this suspense a body keep." —
" O Sire!" cry'd Robinson, " thefheep! the sheep!"
" What of tiie (beep," reply 'd the King, " pray, pray?—
" Dead!" answer'd Robinson — " dead! dead! dead!
" dead!"
Then, like a drooping lily, hung his head!
" How, how?" the MONARCH aflc'd, with visage sad —
« By dogs," said Robinson, « and likely mad!"
" No, no, they can't be mad, they can't be mad—
" No, no, things ar'n't so bad, things ar'n't so bad,"x
Rejoin 'd the King:
" Off with them quick to market — ojiick, depart;
" In with them, in, in with them in a cart:
" Sell, sell them for as much as they will bring."
Now to Fleet Market, driving like the wind,
Amidst the mnrder'd mutton, rode the HIND, '
All in the royal cart so great,
To try to sell the royal meat.
The news of.this rare batch of lambs,
And ewes and rams,
Design'd for many a London dinner,
Reach'd the fair ears of Mailer Sheriff SKTNNER,
Who, with a hammer, and a conscience clear,
Gets glory and ten thousand pounds a year;
And who, if things go tolerably fair,
Will rife one day proud LONDON 'a proud LORD MAYOR.
The Alderman was in his pulpit mining,
'Midst Gentlemen with nightcaps, hair, and wigs;
In language most rhetorical defining • '
The sterling merit of a lot of pigs:
N n 3 When

When suddenly the news was brought,
That in Fleet Market were unwholefome flitep,
Which made the PR E A c H E R from his pulpit leap>
• As nimble as a taylor, or as thought.
For justice panting, and unaw'd by fears,
This King, this Emperor of Auctioneers
Set off — a furious face indeed he put on —
Like lightning did he gallop up Cheapfide!
, In thunder down through Ludgate did he ride,
Now to Fleet Market, full of wrath, he came,
And with the spirit of an ancient Roman,
Exceeded, I believe, by no man,
The Alderman, so virtuous, cry'd out " SHAME!?*
" You, if Vbu please,"
Cry'd Mr. ROBINSON, with perfect ease.
" Sir!" quoth the red-hot ALDERMAN again —
" YouJ' quoth the HIND, in jutt the fame cool drain.
" Off, off," cry'd SKINNER, with your carrion heap;
w So take away your stinking mutton."

Y<?«," ^eply'd ROBINSON, "you cry out * shame?'
<c You blast the sheep, good Matter SKINNER, pray;
You 'give the harmless mutton a bad name I
" You impudently order it away!

Matter ALDER MAN, don't make this rout:
Clap on your fpeftacies upoa your snout;
"And

PETER'S PENSION. 41$ w And then your keen, surveying eyes regale
" With those fame fine large letters on the cart
Which brought this blasted mutton here "for sale."— •
Poor SKINNER read, and read it with * st art.
Like HAMLE'T, frighten'd at his father's ghost,
The Alderman flood faring like a post;
He favv G. R. infcrib'd, in handsome letters,
Which prov'd the sheep belong'd unto his betters.
The Alderman now tirrn'd to deep reflection;
And being blest with proper recollection,
Exclaim'd! " I've made a great mistake — Oh f sad—
" Dear Mister Robinson, I beg your pardon;
4; Whoever says the mutton is not good,
u Kaows nothing, Mister Robinson, of food;
" I verily believe I could turn glutton,
" On such neat, wholesome, pretty-looking mutton.
" Pray, Mister Robinson, the mutton sell —
" I -hope, Sir, that his Majejly is well."
So saying, Mister ROBINSON he quitted,
With cherubimic smiles and placid browsy, '
For such embarrafling occaiions, fitted —
Adding just five-and-twenty humble bows.
To work went Robinson to sell the sheep;
But people would not buy, except dog cheap.
At length the sheep were fold — without the fleece;
Arid brought KING GEORGE just half-a-crown a

Now for the other fancy lying story,
Made, one would think, to tarnish kingly glory.
