title: A Moral Reflection
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 58
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

FOOLS would have ftopp'd when Parson YOUNO was kill'd,
And giv'n up evVy thought of hound and deer;
And, with a weakness, call'd Compaflion, filPd,
'Had turn'd Samaritan^ and dropp'd a tear.
But

But better far the Royal Sportiman knew;
He smelt the consequence, beyond a doubt:
Full well he guess'd he ihould not have a view;
And that he should be ihamefully thrown out.
P'rhaps from the royal eye a tear migkthops
Yet Pages swear they never faw it drop.
But Majesty may say: " What, what, what's death?
" Nought, nought, nought but a little loss of breath.'*
To Parson YOUNG 'twas more, I'm very clear;
He loft by death some hundred pounds a year.

A GREAT deal, my dear Liege, depends
On having clever bards for friends:
What had Achilles been without his HOMER?
A taylor, woollen-draper, or a comber;
Fellows that have been dead a hundred year,
None, but the Lord, knows how or where.
In Poetry's rich grass how virtues thrive!
Some,.when put in, so lean, scarce seem alive
And yet, so speedily a bulk obtain,
That ev'n their owners know them not again.
Could you, indeed, have gain'd my Muse of fire,
Great would your luck have been, indeed, great SIRE!
Then had'l prais'd your noblenefs of spirit;
/Then had I boasted that myself
Hight PETER, was the fir st blefl, tuneful elf,
You ever gave a farthing to for merit.
Though money be a pretty handy tool;
Of Mammon, lo! I scorn to be the fool:
Js FORTUNE calls, flic's welcome to my cot,
Whether she leaves a guinea or a groat;
i For
Whether she brings me from the butcher's shop
The whole sheep, or a simple chop.
For, lo! like ANDREW MARVEL I can dine,
And deem a mutton-bone extremely fine:
Then, Sir, now difficult the task, you see,
To bribe a moderate GRNTLEMAN like me.
I will not swear, point blank, I shall not alter —
A * Saint) my namesake, once was known to saulter.
Nay more — some clever men in Opposition,
Whose fouls did really seem in good condkion;
Who made of PITT such horrible complaint,
And damn'd him for the worst of knaves;
Alter'd their minds — became PITT'S abject Haves,
And putyifh'd their new Patron fora SAINT.
And who is there that may not change his mind?
Where can you folks of that description find
Who will not sell their fouls for cash,
That most angelic, diabolic tram?
E'en grave Divines submit to glittering gold;
The best of conferences are bought and fold:
As in a tale I'll {how, most edifying,
And prove to all the world, that I'm not lying.
