title: Peter's Pension
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 92
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

After ten years of service just,
Tray, like' the race of mortals, fought the diifr;.
That is to say, the spaniel dyM:
A coffin, then was order'd to be made,
The dog was in the churchyard laid,'
And o'er his pale remains the mailer cry'd.,
Lamenting much his trusty fur-clad friend,
And willing to commemorate his end,
He rais'd a small blue Hone, just after burial,
And weeping, wrote on it this sweet memorial:
TRAY's EPITAPH.
HERE rests the relics of a friend below,
Blefl with more sense than half the folks I know:
Fond of his ease, and to no parties prone,
He damn'd no feel, but calmly knaw'd his bone;
Perform'd his functions well in ev'ry way. —
Biu ill, CHRISTIANS, if you can, and copy Tray,

THE CURATE of the ffuntingtduian Band,
Rare breed of gospel. hawks that scour the land,
And fierce on sins their quarry fall —
Those locusts that would eat us all:
Men who, with new-invented patent eyes,
See Heav'n and all the angels in the skies,
As plain as, in the box of SHOXVMAN Swiss,
For little Master made, and curious Miss,
We see with huge delight the King of France
With all his Lords and Ladies dance—
This Curate heard th' affair with deep -emotion,
And thus exclaim'd, with infinite devotion:
" O Lord! O Lord \ O Lord! O Lord!

" What will become of this' m oft mocking world r
How richly such a rogue deserves to fwirig,
«« And the n to Satan's hottest flames be huri'd
A dog in Christian ground be buried!
44 Clapping their dead ram-cats in holy ground,
" And writing verses on each moufing devil."
Against such future casualty providing,
The Priest fat off, like Homer's Neptune, finding,
Vowing to put the culprit in the Court:
He found him at the fpaniel's humble grave;
Not praying, neither singing of a stave:
And thus began t' abuse him — not exhort;
« Son of the Dev'l, what haft thou done?
" Nought for the action can atone.
" I should not wonder if the great All-wife
11 Quick darted down his lightning all so red,
u And dalh'd to earth that wretched head,
14 Which dar'd so foul, so base an act devise.
" Bury a dog like CJiriftianfolk f,
" None but the fiend of darkriefs could provoke
" A man to perpetrate a deed so odd:
" Our Inqiiifition foori the tale mall hear,
"And quickly your fine fleece shall meer —
" Why, such a villain can't believe in God/"
u Softly! my rev'rend Sir," the 'Squire reply'dj'
" Before his lamp of life went out,
" He prder'd you a legacy, my friend,"
VOL. I, O o « Did

f Did he! poor dog!" the soften'd Priest rejoin'd,
In accents pitiful and kind;
" Why truly, dogs of such rare merit,
" Such real noblenefs of spirit,
" Poor fellow! ere he fought the grave?
" I guess I may put confidence, Sir, in ye."
'* A piece of gold," the gentleman reply 'd.
" I'm much oblig'd to Tray," the Parson cry'd;
So left God's cause9 and pocketed the guinea.

YET, should I imitate the fickle wind,
Or Mister patriot EDEN — change my mind:
And for the BARD your Majesty mould send,
And say, " Well well, well well, my tuneful friend,
" I long, I long, to give you something, PETER;
A< You make fine verses — nothing can be sweeter:
4< What will you have? what, what? speak out — speak " out—
" Yes, yes, you something want, no doubt, no doubt."
Or should you like some men who gravely preach,
Forsake your usual short-hand mode of speech,
And thus begin, in bible-phrase fubiime:
" What mail be done for our rare Son of Rhime
" The BARD who full of wisdom writeth,
" The man in whom the KING delight eth?"
Then would the Poet thankfully reply,
With fauit'ring voice, low bow, and marv 'ling eye,
All meekneis! such a simple, dove-like thing!
" Blest be the Bard who verses can indite
" To yield zfecond Solomon delight!
" Thrice blefh who findeth favour with the King!
3 " Since
" Since 'tis the Royal Will to give the Bard
" In whom the King delighteth, some reward,
" Some mark of Royal Bounty to requite him;
44 P King! do any thing but knight him."
