title: Van Slabberchops, Van Stink, Vax Swab
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 51
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

No matter, though I cannot make it out —
At calling names 1 never was a dab:
This Dutchman then, a man of taste,
Holding a cheese that weigh'd a hundred pound,
Thus, like a burgornaftcr, spoke with judgment va
" No poet like my broder itcp de ground:
" He be de befteft poet, look!
" Dat all de vorld must please;
" Vor he heb vrite von book,
" So big as all dis cheese!"

If at a distance you would paint a pig,
Make out each fingie bridle on his back:
Or if your meaner fubjecl: be a wig,
Let not the caxon a diftinclnefs lack;
Else, all the lady critics will so flare,
And, angry vow, " 'Tis not a bit like hair!"
Be^smooth as glass — like DENNER, finish high;
^ Then every tongue commends;
For people judge not only by the eye,
But feel your merit by their finger ends;
Nay! closely nosing, o'er the pidure dwell,
, As if to try \\itgoodnefs by the/mell.
CLAUDE'S distances are too confus'd—
One floating scene — nothing made out —
For wWch he ought to be abus'd
Whose works have been so cry'd about.
F 2 Give
Give me the pencil, whose amazing style
Makes a bird's beak appear at twenty mile;
And to my view, eyes, legs, and claws will bring,
With ev'ry feather of his tail and wing.
Make all your trees alike; for Nature's wild—
Fond of variety, a wayward child. —
To blame your taste some blockheads may presume
But mind that ev'ry one be like a broom.
Of steel and purest silver form your water?,
And make your clouds like rocks and alligators.
Whene'er you paint the moon, if you are willing.
To gain applause — why paint her like a shilling t
Or SOL'S bright orb — be sure to make him glow
Precisely like a guinea, or a Jo.*
In short, to get your pictures prais'd and fold,
Convert, like Midas, every thing to gold.
I see, at excellence, you'll come at loft —
Your clouds are made of very brilliant fluff;
The blues on China mugs are now surpass'd,
Your fun-sets yield not to brick walls, nor buff.
In slumps of trees vour art so finely thrives,
They really look like golden-hasted knives!
Go on, my lads — Leave Nature's dismal hue,
And sher ere long, will come and cop/jc«.
