title: Ode Iii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 70
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

ONE minute, gentle IRONY, retire —
Behold! I'm graver than a rhuftard-pot •
The Muse, with bile as hot as fire,
Could call/a?/, $uppy, blockhead, and " what not;"
As brother Horace has it — tumet jtcur:
Nor in her angry progress will I check her.
I'm told, that Satan has been long at work
To bring th' Academy into disgrace;
Oh! may that Member's b-ck-de feel his fork,
Who dares to violate the sacred place!
Who dares the devil join 111 so nefarious a design?
Yet, Lo! what dolts the honours claim!'
I leave their WORKS to tell their name.
G a Th'

Th* Academy is like a microscope —
For, by the magnifying power, are seen
Objecls, that for attention ne'er could hope;
No more, alas! than if they ne'er had been.
So rare a building, and so grac'd
With monuments of ancient taste,
Statues and busts,.relievos and intaglios;
Forfut/j poor things to watch the treasure.
Is laughable beyond all measure—
Think not, Sir WILLIAM, I'minjeft—
By Heaven! I will not let thee rest:
Yet thou may'ft bluster like bull-beef so big;
And of thy ovvn importance full,
Exclaim, " Great try, and little wool!"
As Satan holla'd, when he fliav'd the pig.
Ye?, thou shalt feel my tomahawk of satire,
And find that /calling is a serious matter:
Shock'd at th' abuse, how rage inflames my veins I
' Who can help swearing when such wights he foes
Crept to th' Academy by ways and means,
Like mites and skippers in a Cheshire cheese?
irhnt Icings will the next year's choice disclose,
The Academic lift to grace?
Somejtiefetoxs of art, I do suppose,
That ought" to b'lufii to ihovv their face.
Sir WILL AM! tremble at the Mufe's tongue;
ParnufTus boasts a.formidable throng!
All people recollect poor Marfyas' fate,
Save such as are dead, or drunk, or fast asleep:
Ape Ho tied the culprit to a gate,
And fiay'd him as a butcher slays a {beep.
And why! — Lord! not as history rehearses,
Bccaufe he scorn'd his.>; but his vera;
In vain, like a poor pillory'd punk, he bawl'd!
And kick'd and writh'd, and said his pray'rs, and sprawl'd!
'Twas all in vain — the God purfu'd his sport,
And pull'd his hide off, as you'd pull yourjhirt!
Then bid not rage the Mule's foul inflame,
Whose thundering voice damnation makes, otfame.
You'll ask me, p'rhap?, " Good Master PETER, pray,
I'll tell you, Sir — My pocket help'd to pay
For building that expensive pile,
A pile that credit to the nation gains,
And dotsfmall honour to your Worfhip's brains.
It made a tax on candles and shoe-leather,
Of monstrous use in dirty weather:
It also made a tax on butchers' mops,
So spread its influence o'er poetic chops
A most alarming tax to ev'ry poet,
Whose poor lank greyhound ribs with sorrow mow it.
Therefore, Sir Knight, pray mend your manners,
And don't choose coblers, blacksmiths, tinkers, tanners:
Some people love the converse of low folks,
To gain broad grins for good-for-nothing jokes.—
Though thai*) 'midst dulnefs, may 'st be pleas'd tojkiney
REYNOLDS shall ne'er fit cheek-by-jowl with SWINE.
