title: Ode Iv
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 49
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Muse is in the fidgets— can't fit still —
She must have t'other talk with you, Sir WILL.
Since her last Ode, with sorrow hath she heard
You want not men with heav'nly genius blest,
But wish the title of R. A. conferred
On such as catch the bugs and spiders best;
Wash off the larger statues best the faces,
And clean the dirty linen of the GRACES;
Scour best the skins of the young marble brats,
Trap mice, and clear th' Academy from rats.

Yon look for men whose heads are rather
Or, drum-like, better form'd for found than sense;
Pleas'd with the fine Arabian to dispense,
You want the big-borsd dray-horse for your rublijh.
Raise not the Mufe's anger, I deflre;
High-born, she's hotter than the lightning's fire,
And proud! (believe the Poet's word)
Proud as the lady of a new-made lord;
Proud as,- in all her gorgeous trappings dreft,
Fat Lady Mayorefs at a city feast;
Whose spouse makes wigs, or some such glorious thing,
Shoes, gloves, hats, nightcaps, breeches, for the King!
PRUDENCE, Sir WILXIAM, is a jewel;
Is clothes, and meat, and drink, and fuel!
PRUDENCE! for man the very best of wives,
Whom BAUDS have seldom met with in their lives;
I Which
Which certes doth account for, in some measure,
Their grievous want of worldly treasure,
On which the greatest blockheads make their brags;
And fhoweth why we see, instead of lace,
About the Poet's back, with little grace,
Those fluttering, French-like followers, call'd RAGS.
PRUDENCE! a fweef, obliging, courtfying lass,
Fit through this hypocritic world, to j>ass!
Who kept at first a little peddling shop,-
Swept her own room, twirl'd her own mop,
Wash'd her own smocks, caught her cwn fleas,
And rose to farfle and fortune by degrees;
Who, when ihe enter'd other people's houlj?s,
Till spoke to, was as fiient as a mouse is;
And of opinions, though polTefs'd a store,
She left them, with her pattens, at the door.
Sir WILLIAM, you're a hound! and hunting FAME:
Undoubtedly this LADY is fair game:
But, Nimrod, mind — my Muse is WHIPPER-IN!
So that if ever you disgrace,
By turning cur, your noble race,
The Lord have mercy on your curfnip's skin!
