title: West
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 72
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

WEST most judiciously my counsel takes,
Paints by the acre — witness Parson PETER:*
For garbs, he very pretty blankets makes,
Deserving praises in the sweetest metre.
The flesh of Peter's audience is not good —
Too much like ivory, and stone, and wood?
Nor of the figures dare I praise th' exprejfion,
With fame foils thought a trifle of tranfgrejp'in.
WEST, your Last Supper is a hungry piece:
Your Tyburn Saints will not your fame increase;
With looks so thievim, with such skins of copper!
Were they for sale, as Heaven's my judge,
To give five farthings for them I (houki grudge,
Nay, ev'n my old tobacco- stopper.
Candour must own, that frequently thy paints
Have play'd the Devil with the Saints:
For me! I fancy them like doves and throftles!
But thou, if we believe thy art,
Enough to make ns pious Christians dart,
Haft very fcurvy notions of Apostles.
What of thy f landscape mall I say,
Holding the old white fovv, and fucking litter?
Curs'd be the moment, curs'd the day,
Thou gav'ft theMufe fueh reason to be bitter?
But Muse, be soft towards him — onlyjigh
Thou really dost not equal Derby WRIGHT,!
The Man of Night!

O'er woollen hills, where gold and silver moons
Now mount like fixpences, and now balloons;
Where sea-reflectioris, nothing nat'ral tell ye,
So much like fiddle firings, or vermicelli;
Where ev'ry thing exclaimeth, how severe!
" What ars we r" and " what bus'nefs have we here r"

The Poet addrefleth Majcfty — Pleadeth the cause of poor starving Poe
try — He acknowlcdgeth in a former Ode the kindncfles of Fame, yet
throweth out a hint to his Majcfty that his finances may be improved
— He relateth a marvellous ilory of a Jesuit — Rccommendeth fomc-
thing similar to his Sovereign.
A N'T please~your Majesty, I'm overjoy'd
To find your Majesty so fond of Painting;
I wish her fister POETRY employ 'd-—
Poor, dear neglected girl! with hunger fainting.
Your Royal Grandfi re, (truftme, I'm no fibber)
Was vastly fond of Miller COLLY CJBBER.
for fubjefts, how his Majefly would hunt!
And if a battle grac'd the Rhine, or Wefer,
He'd cry— " Mine poet sal mak Ode upon't!'
Then forth there came a flaming Ode to C^SAK.
Dj-ead Sire, pray recolleft a bit —
Some glorious action of your life;
And then your humble poet's wit,
Sharp as a razor, or a new-ground knife,
Shall mount you on her glorious balloon Odes,
Like Rome's great C\I:SAR, to th' immortal Gods.*
A Naples Jesuit, HISTORY declares,
On 115 ps ot paper scribbled prayers,

yo LYRIC ODES, FOR M,DCC,JLXXXV»
Which shew'd of wisdom great profundity;
Then fold them to the countryfolks,
To give their turkeys, hens, and ducks,
To bring increase of fowl- fecundity:
Itaufwer'd. — On their turkeys, ducks, and hens
The country people all were full of brags-—
Whose little bums, in barns, and mows, and sens,
Squat down, and laid like conjuration bugs,
" I wish this sage experiment were try'd
" On me" cries MUSE, my gentle bride;
" And flips of paper giv'n me, with this prayV— —
" My sweet prolific pow'rs, 'twould so delight I
" I'd breed like a tame rabbit or a hare!"
MUSE, give thine idle fupplication o'er —
And know that AVARICE is always poor.
