title: Ode Viii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 42
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

IN FRANCE, some years ago— some twenty-three,
I wisely paid a pried fix sols to see
The thumb of Thomas the Apostle.
Gaping upon Tom's thumb, with me in wonder,
The rabble rais'd its eyes, like ducks in thunder;
Because in virtues it was vaflly rich,
Had cur'd pofTefs'd of devils, and the itch;
Work'd various wonders on a fcabby pate;
Made little fucking children flrait,
Though crook'd like ram's-horns by the rickets;
Made people see, though blind asrrioles;
And made your sad, hysteric fouls,
As gay as grafshoppeVs and crickets;
Brought noses back again to faces,
Long ftol'n by Venus and her Graces;
And eyes to fill their parent sockets,
Of which sad Love had pick'd their pockets:
Lo! had the Priest permitted, with their kifles,
The mob had smack'd this holy thumb to pieets.
Though,

Though, Reader, 'twas not the Apoftle's thumb-
But, mum I—
It play'd as well of miracles the trick,
Although a painted piece of rotten itick!
For fix sols more, behold! to view, was bolted
A feather of the Angel Gabriel's wing!
Whether 'twas pluck'd by force, or calmly molted,
No holy legends tell, nor poets fmg.
Bi:t IMS it Gabriel's feather, heav'nly Muses?
It was not Gabriel's feather, but a Goose's!
But (lay! from truth we would not wish to wander,
For, probably, the owner was a Gander.
Painters, you take me right: — -The Muse supposes
You make your coitp-dc-txattre dailies,
Christen them eyes, and cheeks, and lips, and noses,
Beard?, chins, and whi/kers, and eye-lashes;
As like, p'rhaps, as a horse is like a Plum,
Or 'forefaid stick, St. TOM th'Apottle's thumb.
With purer eyes the British vulgar fees;
We are no Crawthumpers, no Devotees:
So that, whene'er your figures are mere wood,
Our eves will never deem 'em flem and blood.
