title: Ode Ix
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 44
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

HOW difficult in Artists to allow
To brother brufhmen ev'n a grain of merit
Wifning to tear the laurels from their brow,
They ihew <a fniv'ling, diabolic spirit.

So Yis, however moralists. may chatter!
What's worse still — nature will be always nature:
We can't brew Burgundy from four small beer,
Nor make a illken purse of a few's ear.
Sweet is the voice of PRAISE'! — from eve to morn,
From blu filing morn to darkling eve again,
My Muse the brows of MERIT could adorn,
And, lark -like, swell the panegyric st rain.
PRAISE, like the balm which evening's dewy star
Sheds on the dropping herb and fainting flow'r,
Lifts modest. pining MERIT from despair,
And gives her clouded eye a golden hour.
P-x take me if I ever read the story
Of MICHAEL ANGELO, without some {"wearing:
He surely had been brandy ing it, or beering: •
That is, in plainer Englim, he was drunk,
And CANDOUR from the man with horror flmmk.
R APHAEL did honour to the Roman school,
Yet MICHAEL ANGELO did call \\\m fool.
When working in the Vatican, would flare,
Throw down his brufn, and {ramp and swear,
If e'er a porter let him in — he'd stone him;
And, if he RAPHAEL caught, most iu rely bone him.
He fvvore the world was a rank ass,
To pay a compliment to RAPHAEL'S^??^*;
For that he knew the felloxv well enough,
And that his paltry metal would not pass.
Such was the language of this false Italian •
One time he christen'd RAPHAEL a Pygmalion;
Swore that his madams were compos'd of stone;
Swore his expressions were like owls so tame,
His drawings, like the lameft cripple, lamej
That, as for composition, he had none.
VOL. I. H Yount

Young artists! these aflertions I deny;
'Twas vile ill manners — not to say a lie:
RAPHAEL did real excellence, inherit;
And if you ever chance to paint as well,
I bond side do foretel,
You'll certainly be men of merit.
