title: O D E X
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 76
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

VM told, and I believe the story,
That afam'd Queen of Northern brutes,
A GENTLEWOMAN of prodigious glory,
Whom ev'ry sort of epithet well suits;
Whose husband dear, jufl happening to provoke her,
Was (hov'd to Heaven upon a red-hot poker,
Sent to a certain KING, not King of France—
Desiring by Sir JOSHU A'S hand his PHIZ —
What did the Royal Quiz?
Why, damn'd genteelly, fat to Mr. DANCE!*
Then sent it to the Northern Queen—,
As sweet a bit of wood as e'er was seen!
And therefore most unlike the PRINCELY HEAD—
He might as well have sent a pig of lead.
nothing less than laudable Royal economy. Mr. Dance charged Fifty
Pounds for a picture — Sir Jolhua Reynolds' price was fornewhat more
than a Hundred — a very great difference in the market-price of paint
and canvas; and, let me say, juftifred the preference given to the roan
who worked cheupeji.
i Down

LYRIC ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXV. f $
Down er'ry throat the piece was cramm'd
As done by REYNOLDS, and deferv'dly damn'd;-
For as to Mafler DANCE'S art,
It ne'er was worth a single —!
Reader, I BLUSH!— am delicate this time!"
So let thy impudence fuppiy the rhyme.
Thank God! that Mcnarchs cannot taste controuf,
And make. each fubjecVs poor, submissive foui
Admire die work that JUDGMENT oft cries fie on:
Kad- things been so, poor REYNOLDS.WC had seen
Painting a barber's pole — an alehouse queen,
The cat and gridiron, or the old red-lion!
At Plympton *, p'rluips, for ibnie grave Doctor Slop,
Painting the pots and bottles of the shop;
Or in the Drama, to get meat to munch,
His brush divine had piclur'd scenes for PUNCH!
Whilst WEST was whelping 'midst his paints,
Moses and Aaron, and all sort of Saints!
Adams and Eves, and snakes and apples,
And dtv'ls, for beautifying certain CHAPELS;
But REYNOLDS is no favourite, that's the matter;
He has not learnt the noble art — to flatter. f
Thrice happy times, when MONARCHS find them hard things
To teach us what to view with admiration:
And, like their heads on halfpence and brass farthings,
Make their opinions current through the nation!
I've heard that RAMSAY, J when he died,
Left just nine rooms well stuff ' d with Queens and Kings;
From whence all nations might have been supply'd,
That loiig'd for valuable things.
f This Ode was competed before Sir Jolliua was dubbed King's
Painter. Pofiibly the great artist dreamt of my Beautiful Lyric, and
gurfued its advice.
, J Late painter to his Majesty.
H s Viceroys,

Viceroys, ambafladors, and plenipos,
Bought them to join their raree-shows
In foreign parts,
And mew the progress of the British arts.
Whether they purchas'd by the pound or yard,
I cannot tell, because I never heard;
But this I know, his {hop was like a fair,
And dealt moil: largely in this ROYAL WARE.
See what it is to gain a Monarch's smile!
And haft thou miss'd it, REYNOLDS, all this while!
How stupid! pr'ythee, seek the Courtier's School,
And learn to manufacture oil of fool.
FLATTERY'S the turnpike-road to FORTUNE'S door-
TRTJTH is a narrow lane, all full of quags,
Leading to broken heads, abuse, and rags,
And workhoufes — sad refuge for the poor!
FLATTERY'S a mountebank so spruce — gets riches
TRUTH, a plain Simon Pure, a Quaker Preacher,
A moral-member, a disgusting teacher,
That never got a fixpence by her speeches I
