title: Ode Xv
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 46
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

I BEG it as a favour, my young folks,
Ye will not copy, monkey-like, the French,
Whose pi&ures, ju'ftly, are all landing jokes,
Whether they represent a man or wench.
If Moniiejr paints a man of faftripn,
Making an obeifanct well-bred,
The gentleman's a ram-cat in a pafiion,
Flis back all crumpled o'er his head:
Or, if he paints a wretch upon the wheel,
And bone-breaking's no trifling thing, G-d knows (
Amidst his pains the fellow's so genteel!
He feels with such decorum all the blows.
Or if a culprit's going to the devil,
Which some folks also deem a serious evil,
So dtgage you see the man advance!
His arms, hands, moulders, turn'd-out toes,.-
Mad ona -lifted eyes, and cock'd-up nose,
Proclaim the pretty puppy in a dance,
I've seen a deeping VENUS, I declare,
With hands and legs stretch'd out withyatfl an air!
Her neck and head so twilled on one shoulder,
With such a hcavnly smile, that each beholder
Would swear, (disdaining DANCING'S vulgar track)
The Dame was walking minuets on her back /
E'en an old woman yielding up her breath
By means of cholic, {tone, or gravel,
How fmirkingly me feels the pangs of death!
With what a grace her foul prepares to travel!
A Frenchman's angel is an OPERA PUNK;
His Virgin Marys, milliners half drunk;
Our bfeft Redeemer, a rank petit-ma,:tre% lii every attitude and feature $
;The

The humble Joseph, so genteelly made,
Poor gentleman — as if above his trade,
And only fit to compliment his wife —
So delicate! as if he scarcely knew
Oak from deal board — a gimlet from a screw
And never made a MOUSE-TRAP in his life.
Think not I wantonly the French attack —
I never will put MERIT on the rack:
No! — yet, I own, I hate the shrugging dogs— -
I've liv'd amongst them, eat their frogs,
And vomited them up, thank God, again;
So that I'm able now to say,
I carried nought of theirs away,
Which otherwise had made the puppies
