title: Ode Xxii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 47
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

THOU 1 whose daring works sublime
Defy the rudest rage of TIME,
Say! — for the world is with conjecture dizzy,
Did Mousehole give thee birth, or JaFevagizsy?

HAIL, Mevagizxy! with such wonders fraught!
Where boats, and men, and stinks, and trade, are stirring;
Where pilchards come in myriads to be caught;
Pilchard! a thousand times as good as herring,
PJchard! the idol of the Popiili nation!
Hail, little instrument of vast salvation
Pilchard, I ween, a most foul-saving fiih,
On which the Catholics in Lent are cramm'd j
Who had they not, poor fouls, this lucky dish,
Would feed on ilefn, and therefore all be damn'cL
Pilchards! whose bodies yield the fragrant oil,
And make the London lamps at midnight smile;
Which lamps, wide spreading salutary light,
Beam on the wandering BEAUTIES of the night,
And
And show each gentle youth their cheeks' deep roses,
And tell him whether they have eyes and noses.
Hail, MovJeJiole! birth-place of old DOLL PENTREATH,*
The last who jabber'd Cornish — so says DAINES,
Who, bat-like, haunted ruins, lane and heath,
With Wili-o'- Wisp, to brighten up his brains.
DAINES! who a thousand miles, unwearied, trots
For bones, brass farthings, ashes, and old pots:
Ransacks the mouldy mansions of the dead,
To prove that men in days ofjyore,
Eyes, ears, and noses, like us Moderns, wore;
And travell'd just like us too, with a head!
Peter concludeth his Odes — Seemeth hungry: — Expoftiriateth with the
Reader.

Southern to John Dry den went one day,
To buy a head and tail-piece for his play:
" Thomas," quoth John, " I've fold my goods too cheap;
" So, if you please, my price shall take a leap.5'

O Reader, look me gravely in the face;
Speak, is not that with me and thee the cafe r
For this Year's Odes Lcharge thee half-a-crown;
So, without grumbling, put thy money down:
For things are desperately ris'n, good Lord!
Fish, flesh, coals, candles, window-lights, and board.
Why should not charming Poetry then rife,
That comes so dev'lifh far too — from
And lo! the verses that adorn this page,
Beam, comet-like, alas! but once an age.
