title: Farewell Odes
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 83
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

PETER, like sam'd Christiana, Queen of Sweden,
Who thought a wicked court was not an Eden,
This year, resigns the laurel crown for ever!
What all the sam'd ACADEMICIANS wish;
No more on painted fowl, and flesh, and sim,
He shows the world his curving (kill so clever:
Brass, iron, woodwork, stone, in peace mall rest —
44 Thank God!" exclaim the works of Mister WEST.
44 Thank God!" the works of LOUTHERBOURG ex claim —
Fcr guns of critics, no ignoble game —
" No longer now afraid of rhyming praters,
44 Shall we be chrift'ned tea-boards,.varnish'd waiters:
" No verse shali iwear that ours are paile-board rocks,
" Our trees, brass wigs; and mops, our fleecy flocks."
" Thank Heav'n!" exclaims RIGAUD, with sparkling eyes,
44 And fill each gaping mouth and eye with wonder."
Monti eur Rigaud,
It may be lo,
To think thy stars have made so flrange a blunder,
That

That bred to paint, the genius of a glazier:
That spoil'd, to make a dauber, a good brazier.
None but thy partial tongue (believe my lays)
Can dare Hand forth the herald of thy praise: '
Could FAME applaud, whose voice my verse reveres,
JUSTICE should break her trump about her ears.
" Thank Heav'n!" cries Mister GARY Y; and « Thank
" God!"
Cries Mister COPLEY, " that this Man of Ode,
44 No more, Barbarian-like, shall o'er us ride:
44 No more like beads, in nasty order fining,
" And round the waist of this vile Mohawk hung,
44 Shall academic scalps indulge his pride.
u No more hung up in this dread fellow's rhyme,
44 Which he most impudently calhju&lime,
44 Shall we, poor, inoffensive fouls,
44 Appear ju st like so many moles,
" Trapp'd in an orchard, garden, or a field;
44 Which mole-catchers impend on trees,
44 To shew their titles to their fees,
44 Like Doctors, paid too often for the kilFd."
Pleas'd that no more my verses shall annoy;
Glad that my blister Odes shall cease their flinging;
Each wooden figure's mouth expands with joy;
Hark! how they all break forth in singing!
In boastful sounds the grinning ARTISTS cry,
44 Lo! PETER'S hour of insolence is o'er:
4C His Muse is dead — his lyric pump is dry —.
44 His Odes, like stinking fish, not worth a groat a score:
44 Art thou, then, weak, like us, thou marling friiv'ller?
44 Art thou like one of us, thou lyric driv'ller?
44 Our Kings and Queens in glory now shall lie,
44 Each unmoiefted deeping in his frame;
44 No longer, fcouteci, shall be put to shame:

FAREWELL ODES, FOR M,OCC,LXXX\I. 97 u No poet's rage shall root our slumps and ftumpling?,
" And swear our clouds are flying apple-dumplings:
" Fame shall proclaim how well our plum-trees bud,
'* And found the merits of our marie and mud.
'* Our oaks, our brufliwocxf, and our lofty elms,
" No jingling tyrant's wicked rage o'erwhelms,
" Now this vile FELLER is bid low:
" In peace ihall our Hone hedges deep,
" Our huts, our barns, our pig?, and sheep,
44 And wild fowl, from the eagle to the crow."
" They who shall see this PETER in the flreel,
u With fearless eye his front shall meet,
" And cry, " Is this the man of keen remark?
" Nay, bite Academicians like a ihark?
" He whose broad cleaver cbopp'd the fons of paiut,
" Crush'd like a marrow-bone each lovely faint;
" Spar'd not the very clothes about their backs;
'* The little duck-wing'd cherubims abus'cl,
" Poor lambkins! had they fali'n among the BLACKS;
44 Stak'd through the body, like a paltry, thief..
<£ How art thou fali'n, O Cherokee!" they cry;
" How art thou fali'n!" the joyful roofs relonnd;
" And there, for ever roasting, may'it thou lie:
" Like Dives, may'ft thou ftretcb in fires along,
" Refus'd one drop of beer to cool thy tongue.''
Ye goodly gentlemen, repress your } til,
Your hearty willies for my foul rellrain;
For if our \-jo,-t.< can pMt \YS into h-'l,
A7//^/Sirs ^ we ceriuiiUy fliail meet again.
