title: O D E Ii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 130
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Of paint, this Ode shall nothing sing or say;
My eagle satire darts at different game;
Against decorum, I abhor a {inner;
And therefore lalh the Academic dinner.
Th* ACADEMY, though marvelloufly poor,
Can once a year afford to eat:
By means of kind donations at the door,
The members make a comfortable treat:
Like gipfies in a barn, around their king,
That annual meet, to eat, and dance, and sing.
A feast was made of flesh, fish, tarts, creams, jellies,
To suit the various qualities of bellies:
Mine grumbled to be aik'd, and be delighted;
But wicked PETER'S paunch was not invited.
Yet though no meflage waited on the BARD,
With compliments from A.cadernic names,
The PRINCE of WALES receiv'da civil card,
His Grace of ORLEANS too, and Duke FITZJAMES;
Count de LAUZUN, and Count Con* LAN,
A near relation to the man
In whose poor iides old HAWXE once six'd his claws,
Were welcom'd by the ACADEMIC LORDS,
Either by writing or by words,
To come and try the vigour of their jaws.
Unfortu-
Unfortunately for the modest DUKES,
The nimble artists, all with greyhound looks,
Fell on the meat, with teeth prodigious able;
Seiz'd, of the Synagogue, the highest places,
And left the poor forlorn, their GALLIC GRACES,
To nibble at the bottom.of the table!
There fat, too, the fvveet limpering Lord C A ER MART HEN,
As one of the Canaille, not wortli a farthing!
But what can titles, Virtues, at a feast,
Where glory waits upon the greateit beast?
To see a stone-cutter and mason
High mounted o'er fine men of quality,
By no means can our annals blazon
For feats of courtly hospitality.
I've heard, however, one or two were tanners?
Granted — it doth not much improve their manners.
They probably, in answer, may declare,
They thought the feast just like a hunt;
In which, as soon as ever starts the hare,
Each Nimrod tries to be the first upon't:
As he's the greatest, 'mid st the howling fuss,
Who first can triumph o'er poor dying PUSS.
PETERS * most justly rais'd his eyes of wonder,
And wanted decently to give them grace;
But bent on ven'fon and on turbot-plunder,
A clattering peal of knives and forks took place:
Spoons,, plates, and di flies, rattling round the tabl<^,
Produc'd a new edition of old Babel.
They had no stomach, o'er a grace, to nod,
Nor time enough to offer thanks to GOD:
That might Redone, they wisely knew,
When they had nothing else to do.
K * His

His HIGHNESS entering somewhat rather late,
Could scarcely find a knife, or fork, or plate:
Kut not one single maiden dish,
Poor gentleman! of flesh or fish.
Most woefully the pastry had been paw'd,
And trembling jellies barbaroufly claw'd:
In.short, my gentle readers to amaze,
His HIGHNESS pick'd the bones of the R. A.'s.
O WELTJIE,* had thy lofty form been there,
And fesn thy PRINCE so serv'd with^scrap and'flop,
Thou surely wouldft have brought him better fare—
A warm beas-steak, perchance, or mutton-chop.
Thou would st have said, " De P&ENCE of WALES, ly
Got;
" Do too mvjtt honour to be to der feast;
" But treated vid de boms Jhujl like a beast.
41 De PRENCE, he vas too great to Jheet and eat
" And munjh vat dirty low-lisd rogues refuse,
44 By Get! not st tj I'j.'^e dc PRENCE'S./#!?<? j."
Great BESBOROUGH'S Earl, too, came off second best,
Hiy murmuring stomach had not half a feast;
And therefore: it was natural to mutter:
To rev^ify the fault, with joylefs look's,
His Lordflrip bore bis belly off to BROOKES,
To fill the grumbler up with bread and butter.
S'rs! those manoeuvres were extremely coarse;
This really was the elfcnce of ill-breeding:
No. for your fouls could you have 'treated worse,
Bumb-bailiffs, by this dog-like mode of feeding.
Grant,

Grant, you eciips'd a pack of hounds, with glee
Pursuing, in full cry, the fainting game;
Surpass'd them, too, in gobbling down the prey;
Still, great R. A.'s, I tell you, 'twas a shame:
Grant, each of you the wond'rous man excelled,,iA.
Who beat a butcher's dog in eating tripe 4
And that each paunch with guttling was io swell'd,
Not one bit more could pass your swallow-pipex?
Grant, that you dar'd such (luffing feats display,
That not a foul of you could walk away:
Still, 'midst the triumphs of your gobbling fame,
I tell you, great R. A.'s, it was a lhame.
Grant, you were greas'd up to the nose and «yes,
Your cheeks all mining like a lantern's horn,
With tearing hams and fowls, and giWet pies,
And ducks, and geese, and pigeons newly bora;
Though great, in your opinion, be your fame,
I tell you, great R. A.'s, it was a shame.
This, let me own — the candour-loving Muse
Most willingly Sir JOSHUA can excuse,
Who tries the nation's glory to increase;
Whose genius rare is very seldom nodding,
But.deep on painting subjects plodding,
To rival Italy and Greece.
But pray, Sir WILLIAM,* what have you to say >
No such impediment is in. your way;
Genius can't hurtjw*r etiquette attention;
And Messieurs TYLER, WILTON, and RIGAUD*,
Have you a genius i to impede yon?: — No!
Nor many a one betides that I could mention.;

This year.(God willing) I shall visit France,
And taflc of Louis, grand lVIonarqi>e! the prog:
His Grace of ORLEANS, so kind, perchance,
May aft. me to his house to pick a frog;

K3 And

XOa FAREWELL ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXVI.
And yet, what right have / to viiit there?
Wbo see a Prince so vilely treated here.
Ye Royal Artifb, at your future feasts,
I fear you'll make their GRACES downright Daniek:
And as the PROPHET din'd arnongft wild beads,
The Dukes may join your pointers and your fparjiels.
