title: Ode Iii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 61
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

FORBEAR, my friends^ to sacrifice your fame
To sordid gain, unless that you are starving:
J own that hunger will indulgence claim
For hard ftoae heads and landicape carving.
In order to make haste to sell and eat>
For there is certainly a charm in.meat:
Aud in rebellious tones will ftormchs speak,
That have not tailed victuals for a week.
But yet there are a mercenary crew,
Who value fame no more than an old shoe;
Provided for^their daubs they get a sale;
Juil like the man—but stay~]''il tell the tale.
A fellow in a market town,
Most rnufical,, cry 'd razors up and down,
And offered, twelve for eighteen- pence;
Which certainly seem'd1 wond'rous cheap,
And for the money, quite a heap,
A&evjry man would buy, with cadi and sense.
A country Bumpkin the great offer heard:
Poor Hodge, who susser'd by a broad black beard,
That

That seem'd a {hoe-brush iluck beneath his nose:
With cheerfulness the eighteen -pence he paid,
And proudly to himself, in vvhifpers, said,
u This rascal dole the razors, I suppose.
" No matter if the fellow be a knave,
44 Provided that the razors JJiave;
So home the tlown, with good his fortune Went,
Smiling in heart and foul content,
And quickly soap'd himfeif to ears and eyes.
Being well lather'd from a diftx.or tub,
Hodge now began with grinning pain to grub,
Just like a hedger cutting furze:
'Twas a vile razor!— then the rest he try'd —
All were impostors — " Ah," Hodge sigh'd!
" I wish my eighteen-pence within my purse."
In vain to chafe his beard, and bring the graces,
He cut, and dug,-and wince'd, arid stamp'd, andfwore;
Brought blood, and danc'd, blafphem'd, and made wry faces
And curs'd each razor's bp^y o'er and o'er.

His muzzle^.form'd of
Firm as a Foxite, wou^d not iofe, its niss:
So kept it — laughing at the steel and suds:
Hodge, in a paflion, stretch'd his angry jaws,
Vowing the direst vengeance, w,ith..clench'd claws,
On the vile CHEAT that fold the goods.
44 Razors! a damn'd,) confounded dcg,
" Not fit to scrape a hog!"
Hodge fought the fellow — found him— and begun:
'* P'rhaps, Rafter Razor-rogue, to you 'tis fun,
" That people flay themselves our of their lives:
44 You rascal! for an hour have i been grubbing,
44 With razors just;like oyster-knives.
w Sirrah!

" To cry up razors that can't flaw"
w Friend," quoth the razor-man, " I'm not a knave:
'* As for the razors you have bought,
" That they would Jkave d'ring eyes,
And voice not much unlike an Indian yell;
" What were they made for then, you dog?'* he cries*
Made I" quoth the fellow, with a smile— " to/ell.*'
