title: Ode Viii
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 67
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Whose racing genius feerns in belt condition
For GLORY'S plate to (tart?
Say what fly rogues old Fame cajole?
Speak, who hath brib'd her trumpet, or who stole?
For much is prais'd that ought in fires to mourn j;
Nay, what would ev'n disgrace a fire to burn.
What artilts boast a work sublime,
That mocks the teeth of raging TIME?
Old fool! who, after he hath form'd with pains
A genius rare,
To make folks (tare,
Knocks out his brains:
Like children, dolls creating with high brag?,
Then tearing all their handy-works to rags.

Lo! REYNOLDS shines with undiminim'd ray!
Keeps, like the bird of Jove, his distant way:
Yet, simple portrait strikes too oft our eyes;
Whiltt HIST'JIY, anxious for his pencil, sighs.
We don't deftre to see on canvas live,
The copy of a jowl of lead;
When for th' original we would not give
A small pin's head.
This year, of picture, Mister WEST
Is quite a Patagonian maker:
He knows that lulk is not a jest;
So gives us painting by the acre-
But, ah! this ARTIST'S brush can never brag;
Upon KINQ ALEXANDER and the STAG;
For, as they play'd at loggerheads a rubber,
We surely ought to see a handsome battle
Between the MONARCH and the PIECE of CATTLE.?
Whereas each keeps his diflance, like a lubber*
His MAJESTY, upon his breech laid low,
Seems preaching to his horned foe;
Observing what a very wicked tiling,
To hurt the sacred person of a Ki N G r
And seems, about his business, to intreat Kinr
To march, for fear the hounds should cat him.
Tiie STAG appears to say, in plaintive note,
" I own, KING ALEXANDER, rny offence r
" True! I've not show'd my loyalty, nor sense \.
" So bid your huntfmen come and 'cut my throat."
The cavalry, adorn 'd with fair stone bodies,
Seem on the dialogue with wonder flaring; *
And on their flinty backs, a set of i.odJies,
Not One brass farthing for their MASTER caring
L Behold!

Behold! one fellow lifts his mighty spear
To fave the owner of the Scottifti crown;
Which, harmless hanging o?er the gaping deer,
Seems iiY no mighty hurry to come down.
Another, on a pegasus, comes fiying!
His phiz, his errand much belying;
For if he means to ba/fe the beafr. ib cruel,
God knows, 'tis with a fece of water-gruel. -
So then, sweet Muse, the pi&ure boasts no merit — -
As fiat as dish -water, or dead small beer—
Or, what the mark is tolerably near,
As heads of aldermen, devoid of spirit.
Well, then! turn round — view t'other side the room,
And see his SAVIOUR mounting from the tomb:
Is this piece, too, with painting sins so cramm'd,
Bdrn to increase the number of the damrfd?
My sentiments by no means I refuse— •
Was our REDEEMER like that wretched thing,-
I do not wonder that the cunning JEWS
Scorn'd to acknowledge him for KIN at
