title: Ode X
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 52
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A MODEST love of praise I do not blame;
But I abhor a rape on Miflrefs FAME.
Although the Lady is exceeding chaste,,
Young forward bullies seize her round the waifl;
Swear, nokns volens^ that she mail be kiss'd;
And though she vows she does not like 'em,
Nay, threatens, for their impudence, to strike 'em,
The saucy rascals still persist.
Reader! of images, here's no con fu (I on;
Thou therefore- underftand'ft the Bard's allusion;
But

Bui poflibly thou haft a thickim head;
And therefore no vast quantity of brain:
Why then, my precious PIG OF LEAD,
'Tis neceflary to explain.
Some artists, if I may so call 'em,
So ignorant (the foul fiend maul 'em!)
Mere driv'lers in the charming art,
Are vastly fond of being prais'd;
Wish to the stars, like Blarichard, to be rais'd r
And rais'd they mould be, reader — from a cart.
If disappointed hi fbme STENTOR'S tongue,
Upon themfefoes they pour forth prose or long;
Or buy it in some venal paper,
And then heroically vapour.
What prigs to immortality aspire
Who Hick their tram around the room!
Tram meriting a very diff'rent doom —
I mean the warmer regions of the^fire!
Heaven knows, that I am anger'd to the foul,
To find some blockheads of their works so vain;
So proud to see them hanging cheek by jowl
With Kr,* whose pow'rs the Art's high fame sustain,
To wond'rous merit their pretension,
On such vicinity fufpenjion,
Brings to my mind a not unpleasant fiory,
Which, gentle readers, let me lay before ye:
A shabby fellow chanc'd, one day, to meet
The Britim Ros.cius in the street,
GARRICK, on whom our nation justly brags;
The fellow hugg'd him with a kind embrace:
" Good Sir, I do not recollect your face,"
Quoth Grarick — " No!" replied the man of rags —
" The

" The boards of Drury you and I have trod
" Full many a time together, I am sure." —
" When?" with an oath, cry'd GAR RICK — "for by G—
" I never faw that face of your's before!
'* What characters, I pray,
" Did you and / together play?"
" Lord!" quoth the fellow, " think not that I mock:
" When you play 'd HAMLET, Sir, /play'dthe COCK."*
