title: Ode Xl
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 58
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

BE not impos'd on by a name;
But bid your eye the picture's merit trace:
POUSSIN at times in outlines may be lame,
And GUIDO'S angels deflitute of grace.
Yet, lo! a picture of feme famous school:
A warranted old daub of reputation,
Where charming PAINTING'S almoit ev'ry rule
Hath fu tier 'd almost ev'ry violation,
Oft hath been gaz'd at, by devouring eyes,
Where NATURE, bauHh'd from the picture sighs.
So some old DUCHESS, as a badger gray,
Her li lags by TIME, sure DENTIST, ihatch'd away,
Witjj long, lank, flannel cheeks;
Where AGE, in ev'ry wrinkled feature,
Un to the poor, weak, ihaking creature,
Of death, unwelcome tidings fpeakb;
Draws from the gaping mob the envying look,
fccaufe her huiband chanc'd to be a DUKE.
How

How many pafteboard rocks, and. iron seas;
How many torrents wild, of still stone water;
How many brooms, and broornfticks meant for trees,
Because the fancy 'd labours of SALVATOR,W
Whose pencil, too, most grossly may have blunder'd;
Have brought the blest poflefTor many a hundred?
Thus prove a crowd, a SrAiNER,f or AMATI;£
No matter for the fiddlers found;
The fortunate POSSESSOR mall not bate ye
A doit, of fifty, nay a hundred pound:,
And though what's vulgarly baptiz'd a repr
Shall in a hundred pounds be deemU dog cheap.
It tickles one excessively to hear
Wife prating pedants the old matters praifej;
Damning by wholesale, with sarcastic fneeiy
The wretched works of modem days;
Making at living wights such. fatal pushes,
As though not good enough to wipe: their brushes.
And yet on each wife cognofcente ass,
Who shall for hours on paint and sculpture din ye^.
A person, with facility, may pass
RIGA.UD for RAPHAEL — BAGON for BERNINI;
Or, little as an OVEN to VESUVIUS!
WILL TYLER for PALLADIO or VITRUVIUS!
One would imagine, by the madd'ning fools
Who talk of nothing but the ancient schools,
And vilify the works of modern brains,
They think poor Mother NATURE'S art is fjied,
That now she cannot make a head,
Who took with old Italian nobs such pains;
Nay, turn'd a driv'kr, that her pow'r so funk is,
Tame foul! she nothing now can make but monkey t.
t A maker of; fidcl«, called Cremoaas.
« Look

FAREWELL ODES, FOR M,DCC,LXXXVL, 11$ w Look at your fav'rite REYNOLDS," is their drain;
" Allow'd by all, the firfi in EUROPE'S eye;
" When TITIAN, RUBENS, and VANDYKE, are nigh?
" Say, what can REYNOLDS near CORREGIO'S line?'*
Blinckards, permit me to inform ye—JJiine!
