title: Song to Delia
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 88
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

SAY, lonely MAID, with down-cast eye,
Oh DELIA! say, with cheek's so pale,
What gives thy heart the lengthened sigh,
That tells the world a mournful talc?
O tell

Thy tears that thus each other chace,
Eefpeak a bosom swell'd with woe;
Thy sighs, a storm that wrecks thy peace,
Which fouls like thine {lioulcl never know.
O tell me, doth some favour'd youth,
With virtue tir'd, thy beauty flight;
And leave those thrones of love and truth,
That lip, and bosom of delight?
Perhaps to nymphs of other shades,
He feigns the soft, impaiTion'd tear; r
'With sighs their easy faith invades,
That treach'rous won thy witless ear.
Let not thofc MAIDS thy envy move,
For whom his heart may seem to pine;
That HEART will ne'er be blest by love,
Whose guilt could force a pang from thine, -
Pious Peter acknowledgeth great obligations to the Reverend
Martin Luther — Yet lamenteth the effefts of this Parfoa's reformation
on Painting.
WE PROTESTANTS owe much to MARTIN LUTHER,
Who found to Heav'n a fkorter way and smoother;
And shall not soon repay the obligation:
MARTIN against the Papiils got the laugh;
WHO, as the butchers bleed and bang a calf
To whiteness — bled and bang'd unto salvation.•
As if such drubbings could expel their sins;
As if that Pow'r, whose works with awe we view,
Grac'd all our backs with sets of comely fldns,
Then order'd us to beat them black and blue,
VOL. I. M WeH

"Well then! we mu'ft confess for certain,
That much we owe to brother MARTIN,
Who alter'd, for the better, our religion:
Yet, by it, glorious PAINTING much did lose
Was pluck'd, poor GODDESS.! likeagoofe;
Or, for the rhyme-fake, like a jiigeon.
Mad at the WHORE OF BABYLON, and BULX,
Down from the churches men began to pull
Pi&ures, that long had held a lofty station;
Piftures of SAINTS, of pious reputation,
For curing, by a miracle, the ills
That now so stubborn yield not to devotions,
'But unto blisters, bolufles, and potions,
That make such handsome 'pothecaries bills. -
Down tumbled ANTHONY who preachM to Sprats;
And Hjs* who held discourses with a HOG,
That, grunting after him, so us'd to jog,
Came down -by favour of long sticks and bats.
The SAINTS who grinn'd on spits, like ven'fon roafling;
Broiling on gridir'ns; baking in an oven
Or on a fork, like cheese of -Chemire, toasting;
Or kick'd to death, by Satan's hoof so cloven;
All humbled to the ground were forc'd to fall,
Spits, forks, and gridir'ns, ovens, dev'l and all.
Ev'n Saints of poor Old England's breeding,
Jn wonders, many foreign ones, exceecfing,
Our hot REFORMERS did as roughly handle:
In troth, poor harmless fouls! they met no quarter,
But down were tumbled, MIRACLE and MARTYR.;
Put up in lots,.and fold by inch of candle.

we been Papifts — Lord! we ftili had seen
Devils and Devils mates, young pimping liars.
Tempting the bhifhing NUNS of frail fifteen,
With gangs of ogling, rosy, wanton FRIARS.:
Which
Which NUNS, so pure, no love- speech could cajole;
Who flared the body,, to prefcrve the foul.
Then had we seen St. DENNIS with his head
Frefti in his hand, and, with affe&ion, killing;
As if the nob, that from his shoulders fled,
By knife or broad-sword, never had been missing r
Then had we £en, upon their friendly coating,
SAINTS on the waves, like gulls and wigeonsr floating,
I've seen a1 SAINT on board a ship,.
To whom, for a fair wind, the Papifts pray,
Well flogg'd from stem to stern, by birch and whipr
Poor wooden fellow! twenty times a day:
PullM by the nose, and kick'd — call'd lubber, owlr
To make him turn a wind, to fair from foul!
And oft these things have brought a profp'rous gale,
When pray'rs and curses have been found to fail.
This, had we Papifts been, had grac'd our churches,-
Saints, seamen, nose-pulling, kicks, whips, and birches,.
