title: The Lousiad, Canto I (part 1 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 130
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Yet born and educated near a throne,
Dropp'd down — (so will'd the dread decree of Fate!)
With legs wide sprawling on the Monarch's plate:
Far from the raptures of a wife's embrace;
Far from the gambols of a tender race,
Whole little feet he taught with care to tread
" Amidfi: the wide dominions of the head;
Led them to daily food with fond delight,
And taught the tiny wand'rers where to bite;
To hide, to run, advance, or turn their tails,
When hostile combs attack'd, or vengeful nails:
Far from those pleafmg scenes ordain'd to roam,
Like wife Ulyfies, from his native home;
Yet, iike that sage, though forc'd to roam and mourn,'
Like him, alas! not fated to' return'!
Who, full of rags and glory, faw his boy*
And wife f again, and dog £ that dy'd for joy.
Down dropp'd the luckJefs LOUSE, with fear appall'd,
And wept his wife and children as he sprawl'd.
Thus, on a promontory's misty brow,
The POE*T'S eye, with sorrow, faw a cow
, Take leave abrupt of bullocks, goats, and sheep,
JBy tumbling headlong down the dizzy steep;
Telemachus. f Penelope.
£ Arguj, for whose lufiory, see the Odvfley

No more to reign a queen amongst the cattle,
And urge her rival beau s, the bulls, to battle;
She sell,* rememb'nng ev'ry roaring lover.
With all her wild courants in fields of clover.
Now on his legs, amidst a thousand woes,
The LOUSE, with judge-like gravity, arose;
He wanted not a motive to entreat him,
Beside the horror that the King might eat him:
The dread of gasping on the fatal fork,
Stuck with a piece of mutton, beef, or pork,
Or drowning 'midst the sauce indifmal dumps,
Was full enough to make him stir his stumps.
Vain hope of Healing unperceiv'd away!
He might as well have tarried where he lay.
Seen was the LOUSE, as with the Royal brood
Our hungry King amus'd himself with food;
Which proves (though scarce believ'd by one in ten)
That Kings have appetites like common men;
And that, like London Aldermen and Mayor,
Kings feed on solids less resin'd than air.
Paint, heav'nly Muse, the look, the very look,
That of the Sov 'reign's face pofleflion took,
Wrhen first he faw the LOUSE, in solemn state,
Grave as a Spaniard,, march across the plate!
Yet, could a LOUSE a Britifii King surprise,
And like a pair of saucers flretch his eyes?
The little tenant of a mortal head,
Shake the great RULER of three realms with dread?
Good Lord! (as somebody fublimely sings)
What great esse6ts arise from little things!
As many a loving swain and nymph can tell,
Who, following Nature's law, have lov'd too well!
Not with more horror did his eyes behold
,Charles Fox, that cunning enemy of old,
When Triumph hung upon his plotting brains,
And dear PREROGATIVE was juil in chains:
Not with more horror did his- eye-balls work
Convulsive on the patriotic Burke,
When guilty of economy, the crime!
Edmund wide wander'd from the true fultimt%
And, cat-like, watchful of the flesh and fish,
Cribb'd from the royal table many a dish;
Saw ev'ry slice of bread and butter cut,
Each apple told, and mmrber'd ev'ry nut;
And gaug'd (compos'd upon no sneaking scale)
The Monarch's belly like a cask of ale;
Convinc'd that, in his scheme of state-salvation,1
To starve * the Palace, was to fave the Nation:
Not more aghast he look'd, when, 'midst the course
He tumbled, in a flag-chafe, from- his horse,
Where all the Nobles deem'd their Monarch
But luckily he pitch'd upon his head.
Not VENISON EATERS at the vanlfh'd fat,
With stomachs wider than a Quakers hat:
Not with more horror Mister Serjeant PLI A:: T
Looks down upon an empty-handed cjfbnt:
Not with more horror flares the rural Maid,
By hopes, by fortune-tellers, dreams, betray 'd,
, Who fees her ticket a" dire blank arise,
Too fondly thought the twenty thousand prize,
With which the simple damsel meant, no doubt,
To bless her faithful fav'rite, Colin Clout.
Not with more horror shires each lengthened feature
Of Ion ie fine, fluttering, mincing fct'it'-ntajtrf^ >
When of a wanton chimney Sweeping wag
The beau's white vestment feels the sooty bag:
; ing dilemma. The apples at dinner having been, by a too great lifccra-
hty to the Royal children, expended; the King* ordered a f apply, but
more. Enraged at the.unexpected and unroyal di (appointment, he fu-
tioufly put his hand into his pocket, took out fix » pence, fc^t a
i'jr rwo p-nnywonh of pippins, and received the wn

Not with more horror did the Devil look,
When Dunstan by the nose the daemon took,
And led him with a pair of red-hot tongs:
Not Lady Worsley, chafle as many a nun,
Look'd with more horror at Sir Richard's fun,
When, rais'd on high to view her naked charms,
He held the peeping Captain in his arms:
Like David, that most am'rous little dragon,
Ogling sweet Bethfheba without a rag on:
Not more the great Sam House * with horror Itar'd,
By mob affronted to the very beard:
Whose impudence (enough to damn a jail)
Snatch'd from his waving hand his fox's tail, •
And fluff 'd it, 'midst his thunders of applause,
Full in the centre of Sam's gaping jaws,
That, forcing down his patriotic throat,
Of " Fox and Freedom 1" ftopp'd the glorious note.
Not with more horror Billy Ramus f flar'd,
When Puff,;}: the Prince's hair-drefler appear'd
Amidst their eating room, with dread design,
To Jit with PAGES, and with PAGES dine!
say nonfenfej of the people was to be taken on an election,
•f- Billy Ramus — emphatically and constantly called by his Majesty
Billy Ramus; one of the pages who shaves the Sovereign airs his ihirts,
reads to him, wiitesjbr him, and colle&s anecdotes.
Windsor, the Prince, with his usual good-nature, ordered him to dine
•with the Pages. The pride of the Pages immediately took fire, and a
petition was dispatched to the King and Prince, to be relieved from the
diftrefsful circumstance of dining with a hair-drejTcr. The petition was
treated with the proper contempt, and the Pages commanded to receive Mr,
Puff into their mess, or quit the table. With unspeakable mortification
Mr. Ramus and his brethren fubmittcd; but, like the poor Gentoos who
lose their' Ctifi, have not held up their heaasyfor*?,
Not
