title: The Lousiad, Canto I (part 2 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 144
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Not with more horror Glosters Duchef> star'd,
When (blest in metaphor!) the King declar'd,
That not of all her mongrel breed, one whelp
Should in the Royal kennel ever yelp.
Not more that man so sweet, so unprepar'd,
The gentle squire of Leatherhead,* was scar'd,
When, after prayers so good, and rare a sermon;
He found his front attack'd by fierce Miss Vernon;
Who meant (Thaieftris-like, disdaining fear!)
To pour her foot in thunder on his rear:
Who, in GOD'S house,f without one train of grace,
Spit, like a vixen, in his Worfhip's face;
Then shook her nails, as sharp as taylor's shears,
That itch'd to scrape acquaintance with his ears.
Not Atkinson } with stronger terror darted
(Somewhat afraid, perchance, of being carted)
When JUSTICE, a fly dame, one day thought fit
To pay her serious compliments to Kit;
A(k'd him a few short questions about corn,
And whisper'd, me believ'd Jie was forsworn;
Then hinted, that he probably would find,
That though she sometimes wink'd, fiie was not blind.
Not more ASTURIAS' Princess § look'd affright,
At breakfast, when her spouse, the unpolite,
Maid of Honour, for difapprobadon of the lady as an acquaintance for
his wife.
f Verily hi the Houfc of the Lord, on the Lord's Day, in the year
of our Lordj 178;, in the village of Leatherhead, in the county of
Surry, did this profane falival afTault take place on the phiz of 'Squire
Kynafton, to the difyrace es his family, the wonder of the parson, the
horror of the clerk, aud che ftupefa£tion of the congregation.
| Mr. Christopher Atkinson's airing on the pillory is sufficiently
known to the puLiiic.
the interference of the Spaniih Monarch, as ciefcribed here, is not a poetic
fiction; but an absolute sa&, that happened not many months ago.

Hurl'd, madly heedlefs both of time and place,
A cup of boiling coffee in her face;
Because tne fair one eat a butter'd roll,
On which the felfifli Prince had six'd his foul:
Not more aftonim'd look'd that Prince to find
His royal father to his face unkind;
Who,, to the canfe of injur'd beauty won,
Seiz'd on the proud proboscis of his son,
(Juil like a tiger of the Lybian {hade,
Whole furious,claws the helpless deer invade)'
And led him, till that son its durance freed,
By asking pardon for the brutal deed;
Led him thrice round the room (the flory goes)
Who follow 'd with great gravity his nose,
Refolv'd at first (for Spaniards are stiff fluff)
To ask no pardon, though the snout came off:
Not more astonish'd look'd the Spanish King,*'
Whene'er he miss'd a snipe upon the wing:
Not more aftonim'd look'd that King of Spain,
To see his gun-boats blazing on the main:
Not Do6ror Johnfoii more, to bear the tale
Of vile Piozzi's marrying Mistress T'hrale;
Nor Doctor Wilson, child of am 'rous folly,
When young Mac Clyiter bore off Kate Macaulay.f
What dire emotions shook the Monarch's foul!
Just like two billiard balls his eyes 'gan roll;
Wfyilft anger all his Royal heart poflefs'dr
That, fweilmg, wildly bump'd against his breast;
Bounc'd at his ribs with all its might so flout,
As resolutely bent on jumping out,
T' avenge, with all-its pow'rs, the dire disgrace,
And nobly spit in the offender's face.
knowledged. Though far advanced in years, he is still the admiration of
his fubjcifU, and the envy of his brother Kings, as a Shot; and it is
well kopwn, that even on those days when the Royal.Robes are obliged
to be worn, his breeches pockets are IturTed with gun flints, fcievvs,
hammers, and other implements necefiary to the dertru&ion of fuipcs,
partridges,;inj wild pigs.
f The fair Hifteriao.
Tims

Thus a large dumpling to its cell confin'd,
Lies snug, until the water waxeth hot,
Then bustles 'midst the tempest of the pos:
In vain! — the lid keeps down the child of dough,
That bouncing, tumbling, fvveating, rolls below.
44 What's that! what's that \» th' astonish'd Monarch cries,
(Lifting to pitying Heav'n his piteous eyes)
" What monfter's that, that's got into the house?
44 Look, look, look, Charly! is not that a knife?"
The Queen look'd "down, 'and said, " Mine, Gote!
44 good la!"
And with a smile the grey-back'd STRANGER few,
Each PrinceTs strain'd her lovely neck to see,
And, with another smile, exclaim'd, u Good me I" — •
44 Mine Gote 1 Good me \ is that all you can say?"
(Our gracious Monarch cry'd, with huge dismay.)
44 What! what! a filly vacant smile take place
44 Upon your Majesty's and children's face,
44 Whilst that vile LOUSE (soon, soon to be unjointed f)
44 Affronts the presence of the LORD'S ANOINTED 1"

Daftvd, as if tax'd with Hell's most deadly
The Queen and Princefles drew in their chins,
Look'd prim, and gave each exclamation o'er,
And, very prudent, * words spake never more/
Sweet Maids! the beauteous boast of BRITAIN'S Isle>
Speak — were those petrlefs lips forbid to smile?
Lips \ that the foul of limple NATURE moves —
Form'd by the bounteous hands of all the LOVES!
Lips of delight I unftain'd by SATIRE'S gall L
Lips \ that I never kiss'd — and never shall
Now, to each trembling Page, a poor nrute motile,
T\\e pious MONARCH cried, " Is thisj^r Louse?"
4< Ah! Sire," (reply'd each Page with pig-like whine)
4< An't please your Majesty, it is not mine."
44 Not thine?"' (the ha% Monarch cried agen)
J* What? what? what/ what? what? who the deruVs,
a tiiea?"
N \ IN aw

Now at this sad event the SOVEREIGN, fore,
Unhappy, could not eat a mouthful more:
His wiser Queen, her gracious stomach fhidying,
Stuck mofl devoutly to the beef arid pudding;
For Germans are a very hearty sort,
Whether begot in Hog-fly es or a Court;
Who bear (which shews their hearts are not of Hone)
The ills, of others better than their own.
Grim TERROR feiz'd the fouls of all the Pages,
Of different sizes, and of different ages;
Frighten'd about their pensions or their bones,
They on each other gap'd like Jacob's fons!
Now to a PAGE, but which we can't determine,
The growling Monarch gave the plate and vermin:
" Watch well that blackguard animal," he cries,
" Watch, like a cat, that vile marauding LOUSE,
" Or George mall play the devil in the house.
44 Some spirit whispers, that to cooks I owe
" Yes, yes! the whifp'ring Spirit tells me true, •
44 And loon mail vengeance' all their locks pursue.
Thus roar'd the King — not Hercules so big;
And all the Palace echp'd— • " Wear a wig!"
FEAR, like an ague, ilruck the pale-nos'd Cooks,
And dash'd the beef and mutton from their looks;
Whilst from each cheek the rose withdrew its red,
And PITY blubber'd o'e* each menac'd head.
Bi t lo! the great COOK-MAJOR * comes I his eyes
Fierce as the rtdd'ning flame that-roasts and fries;
His cheeks like bladders, with high paflion glowing,
Or like a fat JD latch trumpeter's when blowing.
A nean
