title: The Lousiad, Canto I (part 3 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

A neat white apron his huge corpse embrac'd,
Ty'd by two comely firings about his waifl:
An apron that he purchas'd with his riches,
To guard from hostile grease his velvet breeches—
An apron that, in Monmouth Street high hung,
Oft to the winds with sweet deportment swung.
" Ye fons of dripping, on your Major look!"
(In sounds of deep-ton'd thunder, cry'd the Cook)
" That oft hath held the bcft of Palace meat,
" Arid.from this forehead wip'd the briny sweat;
4C I swear this head disdains to lose its locks;
" And those that do not, tell them they are Blocks;
" Whose head, my Cooks, such vile disgrace endures?
" Will it be youn, or yours, or yours, or yours?
" Ten thoufctnd crawlers in that head be hatch^},,
" For ever itching, but be never scratch'd!
" Then may thc'charming perquilite of grease
" The mammon of your pocket ne'er increase;^~ t{ Grease! that so irequeiitjy hath brought you coin,
" From veal, pork, mutton, and the great SIR LOIN.
" O brothers of the spit, be firm as rocks:
u Lo! to no King on earth, I yield these locks.
" Few are my hairs behind, by age endear'dl— • (i But, few or, many, they ftiail not be shear'd.
" Sooner shall Madam Schwellenberg,* the jade,
" Yield up her fav'rite perquisites of trade;
" Give >ip her sacred Majesty's old gowns,
" Caps, petticoats, and aprons, without frowns;
'* She! who for ever Ihidies mifthief — She!
<; Who fjon will be as busy as a bee,
" To get the liberty of locks enilav'd,
" And ev'ry harmless cook and fclillion fhav'c— * l\ She, if by chance a Brltijk Servant Mikl,
6< By some iniinuating tongue betray^,
« Indw'd

" Induc'd the fair forbidden fruit to taste,
" Rants, storms, swears, turns the penitent to, door,
" To range a prostitute upon the Town,
" Or, if the weeping wretch think better, drown:-—
" But, if a GERMAN Spider- brufher fails,
" Whose nose grows sharper, and whose shape tells tales;
" Both club their wits to hide the growing shame;
" Then dub the prudent cuckold an Excifeman —
" She! who hath got more insolence and pride,
" God mend her heart! than half the world beside:
" She! who, of guttling fond, fluffs down more meat,
" Heav'n help her stomach! than ten men can eat!
" Why, zounds! the woman's ftomach's like a bag:
" She! who will swell the uproar of the house,
" And tell the King damn'd lies about the louse;
" When probably that louse (a vile old trull!)
" Was born and noujrUh'd in her own gray scull.
" Sooner the room lhall buxom NANNY * quit,
" Where oft she charms her matter with her wit;
" Tells tales* of ev'ry body, ev'ry thing,
" Waits on her Sov'reign while he reads dispatches,
" And wisely winds up date affairs or watches.
'* Sooner the PRINCE (may Heav'n his income mend!}
" Shall quit his bottle, mistress, or his friend
.*' Laugh at the drop on MISERY'S languid eye,
44 Break for the wealth of realms his sacred word, -
" And let the world write ctnuard on his sword:

sttends the King when he reads dispatches.
Sooner

<c Sooner shall ham from fowl and turkey part,
And fluffing leave a calf's or bullock's heart:
" Sooner shall toasted cheese take leave of mustard,
" And from the codlin tart be torn the custard:
14 Sooner these hands the glorious haunch shall ipoil,
'* And all our melted butter turn to oil:
44 Sooner our pious KING, with pious face,
" Sit down to dinner without saying grace;
14 And ev'ry night salvation pray'rs put forth,
44 For Portland, Fox, Burke, Sheridan, and North:
" Sooner ihall-fashion order frogs and snails,
44 And dish-clouts flick eternal to our tails!
" Let GEORGE view MINISTERS with surly LOOKS,
" Abuse 'em, kick 'em— but revere his COOKS!"
" What, lose our locks!" reply 'd the roasting crew,
44 To Barbers yield 'em! — Damme if we do!
44 Be fliav'd like foreign dogs one daily meets,
" Naked and blue, and fhiv'ring in the streets!
44 And from the Palace be afham'd to range,
" For fear the world should think we had the mange,
44 By taunting boys made weary of our lives,
" J3road grinning wh — res, and ridiculing wives!"—
" Rouse, OPPOSITION!" roar'd a tipfey Cook,
With hands a-kimbo, and bubonic look—
" 'Tis SHE alonte our noble curls can keep—
" Without HER, MINISTERS would fall aileep:
<s 'Tis SHE who makes great men — our FOXES, PITTS,
" And sharpens, whetstone-like, the Nation's wir,:
44 Knocks off your knaves and fools, however gi>'s.t,
" And, broom-like, sweeps the cobwebs of the State:
" In casks like sulphur that expels bad air,
'*' And makes, like thunder-claps, foul weather fair;
" Preserves the chimney and the house to boot:
1 The sinking Realm, by flagellation, props.
" Our Monarch mufl not be indulg'd Wo far;
"' Besides! I love a little bit of war.
« Whether
