title: The Lousiad, Canto I (part 4 of 4)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 194
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Whether to crop our curls be boafls a right,
" Or not, I do not care the Loufe's bite;
" Try but to force a PIG against his will,
" Behold the sturdy GENTLEMAN stands still!
" Or, p'rhaps, (his pow'r to let the driver know)
" Gallops the very road he should not go —
" No force for me I — The FRENCH, the fawning dogs,
" E'en \&..them lose their freedom, and eat frogs;
" Damme! I hate each udzfoup- meagre thief—
He spoke— '-and from his jaws a lump he slid,
And, 1 wearing, manful flung to earth his O^UID.
Then swelling PRIDE forbade his tongue to rest,
Whitft wild emotions labour'd in his breast —
Now sounds confus'd his anger, made him mutter,
And, when he thought on maving, curses fplutter.
Such is the found (the fimile's not weak)
Form'd by what mortals BUBBLE * call and SQUEAK,
When 'mid st the frying-pan, in accents savage,
The beef'fo surly quarrels with the cabbage.
" Be fhav'd!" a Scullion loud began to bellow,
Loud as a parish bull, or poor OTHELLO,
Piac'd by that rogue I AGO upon thorns:
With all the horrors of a pair of horns:
Loud as th' EXCISEMAN f struggling for his life,
And panting in a most inglorious strife j •
When so declare here, that his fimile of the Bubble and Squeak is vastly more
natural and more sublime than Homer's black pudding on a gridiron,
illustrating the.jnotions and cmodons ot his Hero Uiyfies.
Vide ODYSSEY.
f This afFair happened a few years since. — An Exctfeman seizing
feme smuggled goods belr.nging to a Piinccfs, a relation ot the Great
Frederic, "her Highness sell upon the poor Rat de Cair, and alrnoft
icj-ntdied his eyes ©ut: the Excifcnoau made, a formal complain: to the
King,
When on his face the smuggling Pnncefs sprung,
And, cat-like clawing, to liis visage clung.
" Be fliav'd, like pigs!" rejoin'd the feu llion's mate,
His dinVclout making, and his pot-crc.wn'd pate:
" What barber dares it, let him watch his nose,
So saying, with an oath to raise one's hair,
He kick'd with threatening foot the yielding air.
Thus have I seen an Ass (baptiz'd a JACK)
Grac'd by a CHIMNEYSWEEPER on his back,
Prance, snort, and fling his heels with liberality,
In imitation of a HORSE of QUALITY.
" Be fhav'd!" an underftrapper TURNS ROCHE cry'd
In all the foaming energy of pride —
" Zounds! let us take His Majesty in hand '
" Yes; let him know, with all his wondrous state,
" His teeth and flomach on our wills mail wait;
44 IVe rule the platters, ioe command the spit,
(< And George mall have his mess when we think fit;
" Stay till our/elves shall condescend to eat,
44 And then, if -we think proper, have his meat."

Thus having fed on venison rather coarse, v
A colt, or crocodile, or dim of horse,
The Tartar quits his fmoaky hut with scorn,
Sounds to the kingdoms of the world his horn;
And treating MONARCHS like his slaves or swine,
•Informs them they have liberty to dine.
" Heav'ns!'' cry'd a YEOMAN, with much learning " grac'd,
In books as well as meat, a man of taste,
Kim', b^ging to be relieved from the disgrace, The gallant MonpiccV
retunied for anfwcr, that he gave up the duties to his cousin thc/Prin-
.cei's: but coul<l nor conceive how the hand of a fair Lady could, difhonour
•j •: f-.cc of an Kxufeman.
Who

Who 'read with vast applause the daily news,
And kept a close acquaintance with the MUSE;
Conundrum, rebus made, acroftic, riddle;
And sung his dying sonnets to the fiddle,
When LOVE, with cruel dart, the murd'ring thief,
His heart bad fpitted, like a piece of beef;
" Are these," he said, " of KINGS, the whims and jokes?
" Then KINGS can be as siad as common folks.
" DAME NATURE, when a 'PRINCE'S head she makes
" No more concern about the inside takes rt Than of the inside of a bug's or bat's, v
" As care less as the ARTIST, trunks designing,
44 About the trifling circumstance of lining;
" Whether of Cumberland he use the plays,
" Miss Burney's novels, or Miss Seward's lays;
" Or sacred dramas of Miss Hannah More,
" Where all the NINE, with little MOSES, snore;
" 'Or good 'Squire Pindar's Odes, or Wharton's flick;
" Who furious drives, at times, his old goose quill,
" On Strawb'rry^ (Reader! ) not th' Aonian Hill;
«' Whether he doom'd the I(OYA-L SPEECH to cling,
44 Or those of Lords and Commons to the King;
• *l Wher'e out begs money, arid the others grant,
" So easy, freely, frien'dly, complaisant,
" To purchase knick-knacks * thatdifgrace a throne* 4i Ah, me! did people know what trifling things
14 Compose those idols of the earth call'd Kings
" Those counterparts of that important fellow,
" Vvrho flrut upon the stage this hour away;
4t His outside gold — his inside rags and hay;

" Those LORDS of Earth, at dinner, we have seen,
" Sunk, by themereft trifles, with the spleen —
" Oft for an ill-dress'd egg have heard them groan,
" And seen them quarrel for a mutton bone:
'* At fait or vinegar, with passion, fume,
" And kick dogs, chairs, and pages, round the room.*'
" Alas! how often have we heard them grunt,
.*' Whene'er the ru filing rain hath fpoil'cf a HUNT!
" Their sanguine wishes cross'd, their spirits clogg'd,
" Mere riding difiiclouts homeward they have jogg'd;
" Poor imps! the sport (with all their pride &nd pow'r)
" Of NATURE'S diuretic dream- — a mow'r!
" This we, the aclors In the farce, perceive;
" But this the distant world will ne'er believe,
" Who fancy KINGS to all the virtues born,
" But, bled with fouls so calm, like dimmer seas
That frnile to Heav'n, unruffled by a breeze:
Who think that KINGS, on wisdom always fed,
" Speak sentences like BACON'S brazen head;
Hear from their lips the viled nonsense fall,
Yet think some heav'nly spirit dictates all;
Conceive their bodies of celedial clay,
tt And, though all ailment, sacred from decay;
To nods and smiles their gaping homage bring,
And thank their GOD their eyes have leen a KING!
Lord! in the circle when our ROYAL MASTER
Pours out his words as sad as hail, or fader,
: To country 'Squires, and wives of country 'Squires;
VOL. J. O « Lo!

' " Lo! ev'ry syllable becomes a GEM!
" And if, by chance, the Monarch cough, or hems
'* Seiz'd with the fytnptoms of a deep surprise,
" Their joints with rev'rence tremble, and their eyes
" Roll wonder first; then, shrinking back with fear,
" Would hide behind the brains, were any there,
" How taken is this idle world by show I
" Preferring, with a foul as black as foot,
" A rogue on horseback, to a faint on foot.
" See FRANCE, see PORTUGAL, SICILIA, SPAIN
" And mark the desert of each DESPOT'S brain;
« Who prove that nothing is too mean to rule.
'* What could the PRINCE, high-tow'ring like a steeple,
" Without the MAJESTY of Us the PEOPLE?
" Go, like the King of Babylon,* to grass,
" However modern KINGS may COOKS despise,
" WARRIORS and KINGS were cooks, or Hift'ry lies.—
" PATROCLUS broil'd beef-steaks to quell his hunger:
" The- mighty AGAMEMNON potted conger!—
" And CHARLES of SWEDEN, 'midst his guns and drums,
" Be fliav'd!— NoJ. — sooner pilPries, jails, the flocks,
" locks."
" 'Well haft thou said," a SCOURER bold rejoin'd;
" D:.mme! I love the man who speaks his mind."
Then in hib arms the orator he took,
And swore he was an angel of a Cook.
A while he held him with a Cornish hug;
Then feiz'd, with glorious grasp, a pewter mug,
Whose ample womb nor cyder held, nor ale,
But nectar fit for JOVE, and brew'd by THRALE.
" A health to Cooks," he cried, and wav'd the pot;
" And he who sighs for titles is a sot —
l " Let
44 Lo! this is one amongst my golden rules:
" To think the greatcft men the greatest fools:
u The GREAT are judges of an opera fong,
44 And fly a Briton's for a eunuch's tongue;
44 Thus idly iquand'ring for a squall their riches,
44 To faint with rapture at those cats in breeches.
" Accept this truth from me, my lads — the maa
" Who first found out a spit, or frying-pan,
" Did ten times more towards the public good,
" Than all the tawdry titles since the tiood:
44 Titles! that PVINGS may grant to atfe?, mules,
He ended— All the Cooks exclaim'd, 44 Divine!"
Then whisper'd one another, 'twas " damn'd fine I"
Thus spoke the SCOURER like a man infpir'd,
Whose speech the HEROES of the kitchen sir'd:
Grooms, matter fcourers, fculiions, scullions' mates,
With all the overseers of knives and plates,
Felt their brave fouls like frisky cyder work,
Whizzing in opposition to the cork:
Earth's Potentates appear'd ignoble things,
And Cooks of greater consequence than Kings;
Such is the pow'r of words, where truth unites,
And such the rage that injur'd worth excites!
The SCOURER'S speech, indeed, with reason blefl,
Inrlam'd with godlike ardour all the rest.
Thus if a barn Heav'n's vengeful lightning draw,
The flame ethereal darts amongst the draw;
Doors, rafters, beams, owls, weazles, mice and rats,
And (if unfortunately moufing) cats;
All feel the fierce devouring fire in turn,
And, mingling in one conflagration, burn.
" Sons of the SPIT," the Major cry'd again,
44 Your warlike speeches prove you blest with brain;
" Brain! that Dame Nature gives not ev'ry head,
O 3- " Yet

" Yet ere for opposition we prepare,
u Soon as our sad complaint he hears us utter,
