title: The Lousiad, Canto II (part 1 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 136
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

HIM full of wrath, like Peleus' son of yore,
When Agamemnon took away his wh —,
In all the bittemefs of wrath she found;
The Queen and Royal Children flaring round.
Whilst wild impatience wing?d each rapid word;
For, lo! ttit/olemm march of graceful speech,
The KING long since had bid to kiss his b — h.
The broken language that his mouth affords
Are heads and tails, and legs and wings of words,
That give imagination's laughing eye
A lively picture of a giblet pye. —
" O SweJIy, Swell? /" cry'd the furious King,
" What! what a dirty, filthy, nasty thing! —
'4 That thus you come to ease my angry mind,
" Yes, yes, the cooks shall ev'ry one be fhav'd —
" Shan't I be right in't— What! what! Swelfy, hae? "
That he belong'd to some one of the cooks.

Speak, Swelly; shan't we shave each filthy jowl?
" Yes, yes, and that we will, upon my foul."
To whom the DAME, with elevated chin,
Wide-staring eyes, and broad, contemptuous grin:
" Yes, sure as dat my foul is to be fav'd,
4t So sure de dirty rascals sal be fhav'd —
" Shav'd to de quick be ev'ry moder's son —
i; De barbers soon der nasty locks sal fall on,
" Nor leave vone {landing for a Louse to crawl on.
" If on der skulls de razor do not mine,
« For fufli curs'd nastiness, or I'll be rot;
" Or else to Strelitz let me quickly fly,
« Where
<{ Where from his own mock tronc de Prince, so great,
" Can jomp into anoder Prince estate—
" Ifs, by de God dat made dis eart and me,
" No single lousy rascal sal go free."
. Reader, thou raifeft both thy marv'lling eyes,
In all the flaring wildness of surprise;
As if the poet did not truth revere,
And fancied gentlewomen could not swear:
Go, fool, and seek the ladies of the mud,
Queens of the lakes, or damsels of the flood,
Nymphs, Nereids, or what vulgar tongues call drabs,
Who vend at Billinfgate their fprais and crabs;
Tell them their sisti all stink, and thou wilt hear
Whether fine gentle-'vomen ever swear:
Nay, visit many of our courtly dames,
When wrath their.dove- like gentleness inflames;
Lo! thou malt find, by many a naughty word,
They use (mail ceremony with the Lord,
In spite of alt that godly books contain,
That teach them not to take his name in vain.
" Thanks, Swelfy, thanks, thanks, thanks," the
KING reply 'd;
«' Like me, you have not got a grain of pride.
4< Yes, yes, if I am mailer of this house —
He spoke — and to confirm the dreadful doom,
His head he shook, that shook the dining room,
Thus JOVE of old, the dread, the THUND'RING Goxx,
Shook, when he swore, OLYMPUS with his nod.
" Yes," cry'd the KING, " yes, yes, their curls lhall " quake—
" But tell me, where, where, where's Sir FRANCIS
O, Reader, think not 'twas that DR ARE, Sir FRANCIS,
Whose wondrous actions seem almost romances;

Who shone in fcnfe profound, and bloodiest
And rais'd the nation's glory to the flars;
Who first in triumph sail'd around the world,
And vengeance on the foes of Britain hurl'd:
But HE who skulks around the Royal kitchen,
Which if he catch a neighbour's dog or bitch in,.
Lets fly, to strike the four-legg'd mumper dead,
A poker, or a cleaver, at his head.
Not that Sir F&ANCFS DRAKE who, god- like, bore
Fair Freedom, Science, to th' Atlantic lliore;
To Pagans gave the Gofpel's saving grace,.
And planted Virtue 'midst a barb'rous race;
Spread on the darken'd realms the blaze of light —
But he who fees the spoons and plates are bright;
Sees that the knives before the King and Queen
Are, like the pair of Royal stomachs, knee:
Not he, whose martial frown whole kingdoms shook,.
But he whose low'ring visage shakes a cook:
Not he who pour'd on Mexico his tars;
But he, at London, who with linen wars,
Napkins and damask table-cloths * aflails
With fciflars, razors, knives, and teeth, and nails;
Who dares with Doylies defp'rate war to wage,
Such is his province and domestic rage,
If, like his1 predecessors, he hath grace,
And calls his couquefts, perqui/ites of place.
JTwas not that DRAKE who bade his daring crew
Run with their bayonets the Spaniards through;.
But that important DRAKE, in office big,
Inflrufting cooks to fplt a goose or pig:
Not he who took the Spaniards by the nose,
And prifo.ns filPd with Britain's graceless foes;
Eut he who bids the geele, his pris'ners, die,
And fluffs their legs and gizzards in a pye:
frtfcnt being fornewhat more economical) to tear and cut the Royal
linen privately, which, on account of the teeth, knife, nail, or fciffar
wounds," were never more used, but wen: as perquisites to Trcafurers
'the Household.
He who, three times a week, a Green-cloth Lord,
Sits, wisdom fraught, at that important Board
With wife compeers, in judge-like order studying,
Whether the KING lhall have a tart or pudding.
Not //f, by virtues to the world endear'd,
By foes refpefted, and by friends rever'd;
Prompt to relieve the fupplicating sigh,
Who never dash'd with tears the asking eye;
But wak'd of joy the long-departed beam,
Deep funk in forrow's unremitting stream:—
But //<?, with generality at strife,
Who never gave a fixpence in his life;
Who, if he ever aik'd a friend to dine,
Requested favours that outweigh'd his wine:
From lane to lane, who steals with wary feet,
Just like the cautious hare that seeks his seat:
Who, though a city * near him, rears her head,
And wealthy villages around him spread,
No friend, no neighbour near his mansion found,
Like CAIN surveys a solitude around.
'Twas this Sir FRANCIS, quite a different man
From him who round die world with glory ran:
Forbid it, Heav'n! that e'er the MUSE untrue
Should give to any man another's due!
MUSE, leave we now the Monarch, vengeance brewing,
To take a peep at what the Cooks were doing.
In that snug room,f the scene of shrewd remark*
Whose window flares upon the faunt'ring Park;
Where many a hungry bard, and gambling (inner,
In chop-fal'n fadness, counts the trees for dinner;
In that snug room where any man of spunk
Would find it a hard matter to get druuk;
f The Lnrdcr.
% This will be deemed ftrnngc by my court y readers 4 but it is
peverthclcfe true,
Where
