title: The Lousiad, Canto II (part 2 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Where coy Tokay ne'er feels a cook's embraces,
Nor Port nor Claret show their rosy faces;
But where old Adam's beverage flows with pride,
From wide-mouth'd pitchers, in a plenteous tide;
Where veal, pork, mutton, beef, and fowl and fish,
All club their joints to make one handfeme dish;
Where ftewpan covers serve for plates, I ween,
And knives and forks and spoons are never seen;
Where pepper ifllies from a paper bag,
And for a cruet (lands; a brandy cag;
Where Madam SCHWELLENBERG too often fits,
Like forne old tabby in her moufing fits,
Demurely squinting with majestic mein,
To catch some fault to carry to the QUEEN:
In that (hug room, like those immortal Greeks,
Of whom, in book the thirteenth, OVID speaks;
Around the table, all with fulky looks,
Like culprits doom'd to Tyburn, fat the cooks!
At length, with phiz that show'd the man of woes,
The forrowing King of (pits and flewpans rofc.
Like PAUL at Athens, very justly fainted,
And by "the charming "brush of Raphael painted,
With oiu-stretch'd hands, and energetic grace,
He fearless thus harangues the ROASTING RACE;
Whilst gaping round, in mute attention, (it
The poor forlorn disciples of the spit.
" Cooks, (bullions, hear me ev'ry mother's son—
1 Know that I reliili not this Royal fun:
" GEORGE thinks us scarcely fit ( 'tis very clear)
" To carry guts, my brethren, to a bear." —
" Guts to a bear!" the Cooks, up-fpringi'ng, cry'd —
" Guts to a bear!" the Major loud reply 'd.
" Guts to the dev'I;" loud roar'd the Cooks again,
And toss'd their noses high in proud difdaiii:
The plain translation of whose pointed noses
The reader needeth not, -the bard supposes;
But if the reason some dull reader looks,
'Tis this*— whatever Kings may think of Cooks,
Howe'er crown'd heads may deem them low-born things,
Cooks are poflefg'd of fouls as well as Kings.
Yet

Vet there are some who think (buc what a ilutm?! ) |_|.
Poor peopled fouls like, pence of Birmingham,
Adulterated brass — bale fluff — abhorr'd —
That-never can pals cnrrent.with the LORD;..
And think, Ix-cause of wealth they bo. ill a store,
With ev'ry freedom they rn'iy trc;.
Witness the story that my Mule, wir.h tear.-,
Relates, O Reader, to thy ihrinking t\a.>.
With feeble voice and deep defponding sighs,
With fallow cheek and pity nfking^eyes,
A WKLT.CH, by age and poverty dcc^y'd,
For farthings lately to a NABOB pray'd;,
The NABOB, turkey-like, began to fweil,
And damn'd the beggar to the pit.of hell.
" Oh! Sir,': the Applicant was heard to cry,...
(The tear of mis'ry trk
" Though I'm in rag;, and wondrous, vvondrous poor,
" And you with gold and 'silver cover'cl o'er,
" There won't in heav'n Inch difference, Sh', take place,
" 'When we before the LORD come face to face."-—
" You face to face with me /" the Nabob cry Vi,
In all the insolence of npihirt pride —
" "You face to face with,%r, you dog,

" I'll kick your back — de, if I catch ye there." —
Oh, ihocking blasphemy! oh, horrid "speech! —
Where was the fellow born? — the wicked wretch! —
So black an imp would pull, I do suppose,
A bulfe of diamonds from a Begum's nose;
Or make, like DOULAH, careless of his foul,
A new edition of the old Black Hole.

" What's life,'1 the Major said, '* my brethren, pray,
" If force must (hatch our first delight away?
" Relcntlefs shall the Royal mandate drag
" The hairs that long have grac'd this silken bag;
? Hairs to a barber scarcely worth a fig,
" Too few to make*a forctop for a wig-?
^ Mull razors vile these locks^, so scanty, shave,
" Hairs,

" Hairs, look, my lads, so wonderfully thin,
u A damn'd old German good-for-nothing toad.
" Yes, yes, her mouth with beard divinely bridles —
" Curse me, I'd rather kiss a bunch of thistles.
" Oh! were it but his Majesty's commands
" I'd {have her, like a punish'd soldier, dry:
" I'd pay my compliments to Madam's chin;
" I'd trim her muzzle; yes, I'd scrape her pork:
" And show the witch the nature of a shave.
" O! woman, woman! whether lean or fat,
" In face an angei, but in foul a cat!
He ended — when each mouth upon the ftretdi,
Crown'd with a loud horse laugh the classic speech.
Too soon, alas! RESENTMENT feiz'd the hour,
And JOKE relign'd his grin-provoking pow'r.
RAGE dirnm'd of MIRTH THE SUDDEN SUNNY SKY,
And sill'd with gloomy oaths each scowling eye;
While GRIEF, returning, took her tarn to reign,
Sunk ev'ry heart, and sadden'd ev'ry mein;
Dr,ew from their giddy heights the laughing GRACHS —
For much is GRIEF difpos'd to bring down faces.
" Son of the fpir," the Major, strutting cry'd,
I like thy fpidt, and revere thy pride:
44 I'd rather hear thee than a Bishop preach,
14 For thcu haft made a very pretty speech.
14 And such should thunder on the Royal ear.
1 We must not be too nimble in our motions.
" Awhile, heroic brothers, let us halt;
41 Soft fires, the proverb tells us, make sweet malt.

THfe lotrsiAD. CASTO it. 169
<* And yet again I bid you stand like rocks,
" And battle for the honour of your locks.
'* To shave them, is my being to destroy.
" What's life, if life has not a bliss to give?
'-^ And, if unhappy, who would wilh to live?
" CONTENT can visit the poor spider'd room-;
" Pleas'd with the coarse rufa mat and birchen broom;
" Where parents, children, feast on oaten bread,
" Where HEALTH with vigour nerves their backs and " hams,
." Sweet fouls, though ragged as young colts or rams;
" Where calmly sleeps the parents wilh their darlings,
" Though nibbled by the fleas as thick as ftarlhigs
" Lull'd to them rest, beneath the coarfefl rugs$
" And dead to bitings of a thousand bugs.
" CONTENT, mild maid! delights in fmplc things,
" And envies not the {rate of Queens or Kings;
" Can dine on (beep's head, or a dish of broth,
" Without a table or a table-cloth:
u N"or wishes, with the fashionable group,
<; And fit upon a chair without a back:
<; Nay, wanting knives, can with her lingers work,
,<; Ar.cl.use a wooden fkewtr for a fork
S weet maid 1 wlio thinks not shoes of leather mocking,
'-; Nor feels the horrors in a worsted flocking;
i4 Her temper mild, no huckaback can shock> j1** Tliough for her lovely limbs it forms a smock.
I*4 No graves are robb'd icr hair to form a braid:
' } -rcr bread of native pjumpnefs ne'er aspires
; T-o f weiling menythut^-ts of gauze and wires,
<; To look like crops of ducks (with labour borne)
'• Stretch'd by a fuperliuity of corn.
Ana scorns the j^ide of pinching stays or jumps;
VOL. I. Q^ « But,
