title: The Lousiad, Canto II (part 3 of 3)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 142
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

" She trufls to (imple nature for a shape;
" And wrap her petticoat about her head;
" That made of Quality the varniuYd face:
" Sweet nymph, like doves, she seeks her straw-built " neft,
<c And in a pair of minutes is undreft;
" Undreffing, seem unloading caravans.
" No matter from what source contentment springs;
" Let snip-snap barbers — nay, let Kings, beware,
" On the loose stone, if chance direct your heel,
" To prove the foot was not among its friends;
" O'er the fair flocking spouts the fable flood."
So spoke the Major, with resentment sir'd;
Spoke like a man; indeed, like man infpir\l.
Some Critic cries, with sharp, fastidious look,
" Bard, bard, this is not language fora Cook "—
" O fuarier! but I'll lay, thee any wager,
" It is not too sublime for a Cook Major"
" Behold! to remedy our sad condition,"
The Major cry'd, " I've cook'd up a Pejtion:
" This carries weight with it, or I'm mistaken,
Then jumping on a barrel, thus aloud
He read sonorous to the gaping crowd. '
Thus

THE LOUSIAD. CAKtO if.
Thus reads a parish-clerk in church a brief,
That begs for burnt- out wretches kind relief-
Relief, alas! that very rarely reaches
The poor petitioner?, the ruin'd wretches;
But (loft its way) unfortunately steers
To fat churchwardens and fat overseers;
Improves each dish, augments the punch and ale,-
And adds new spirits to" the smutty tale.

" Who in your Palace merry liv'd as grigs,
" That we must all be fhav'd, and put on wigs:
'* Youj SIRE, who with such honour wear your
" Should never bring on our's disgraces down.
" With ev'ry fprig of hair that on them springs:
" In France, where men like spaniels lick the Throne,.
'* And count it glory to be cuffed by Kings,
" Their locks belong unto the Grand Monarque,
" Who swallows privileges like a shark.
" Be pleas'd to pardon what we now advance;
" We dare your Sacred Majesty allure,
" And long, we hope, that difference will endure.
" Oh! tell us, Sir, in loyalty so true,
" What dire designing ragamuffins said,
"' That we, your Cooks, are such a nasty crewv
" Great Sir! as to have crawlers in our head?
" Not if you'd give a guinea for a louse.
a " What

44 We know not; if a louse, it was not our's:
44 To shave each Cook's poor unoffending pate,
44 Betrays too much of arbitrary pow'rs;
44 Let him who vwns the crawler lose his locks,
" But grant upon your plate this louse so dread,
" How can you lay, Sir, it belongs to us f
" Maggots are found in many a princely head;
44 And if a maggot, why then not a louse?
" Nay, grant the facl; with horror mould you shrink?
<4 It could not eat your Majesty, we think.
<4 Hunger, my Liege, hath oft been felt by Kings,
44 As well as people of inferior state;
44 Quarrels with Cooks are therefore dangerous things;
44 We cannot answer for your ftomach's fate;
" For by your size., we frankly must declare,
" You feed on more substantial fluff than air.
" IMy Liege, an Universe hath been your foes;
44 The times have look'd moil miserably black;
41 America hath /ryV to pull your nose;
44 French, Dutch, and Spaniards, try'd to bang your 44 back;
<4 *T would be a serious matter, let us tell ye,
<; Were 'ive to buccaneer it on your belly.
" You see the spirit of your Cooks, then, Sire,
44 Deterrriin'd nobly to support their locks;
" And mould your guards be order'd out to fire,
44 Their guns may be oppos'd by spits and crocks i
" Knives, forks, and spoons, may fly, with plates a store,
" And all the thunder of the kitchen roar.
NAT. GARDNER, Yeoman of the Mouth, declares
44 He'll join the ilandard of your injur'd Cooks;
'*• Each scullion, turnbroche, for redress prepares,
44 Aud puts on very formidable looks;
" Your ei Your women, too — imprimis, Mistress DYER, -
" Whose eggs are good as ever felt a fire:
" Next Sweeper-general BICKLEY, Mistress MARY,
" With that sam'd bell-ringer call'd Mistress LOMAN;
"ANN SPENCER, guardian of the Necessary;
" That is to say, the neceflary woman:
" All these, an't please you, Sir, so fierce, determine
" To join us in the cause of hair and vermin*.
" There's Mistress STEWART, Mister RICHARD DAY,
" Who find your Sacred Majesty in linen,
" Are ready to support us in our fray —
x " You can't conceive the passion they have been in;
" They swear so much your scheme of shaving hurts,
«' You fhan't have pocket -handkerchiefs or shirts."
c< The grocers, CLARKE and TAYLOR, curse the scheme,
" And say, whatever we do, the world wo'n't blame us;
w So COMBER says, who gives you milk and cream;
" And thus your old friend Mister LEWIS RAMUS:
" We think your Sacred Majesty would mutter
"At loss of sugar, milk, and cream, and butter.
" Suppose, an't please you, Sir, that Mistress KNUTTON.
" And Mistress MAISM FIELD, fierce as tiger cats;
" One Overseer of all the beef and mutton,
" The other, Lady President of fprats —
" Suppose, in opposition to your wish,
" This locks away the flesh, and that the sim >
" So neceftary to your beef and bacon?
" WILL ROBERTS, all the apple-pye and custard?
" Your Majesty would growl, or we're m ilia ken.
" Suppose that WELLS, td plague your stomach studying,
44 From Sunday, sacrilegious, steals the pudding?
" Suppose that RAINSFORTH with our corps unites —
" We mean the man who all the tallow handles;
44 Suppose he locks up all the mutton lights,
44 How could your Majesty contrive for candles?
Q.3' " You'd

" You'd be, (exciife the freedom of remark)
" Like some Administrations, in the dark.
" We dare aflure you that our grief is great;
" And oft indeed our feeling it enrages,
To see your Sacred Majesty beset
" By such a graceless gang of idle pages:
And', with fubmiflion to your judgment, Sire,.
" We think old Madam SCHWELLENBERG a liar.
" The barbers shall attack bur humble head,
c; And that we should not chuse to breed a riot,
" Because we might not wish to lose our bread;
" Say, would the triumph o'er each harmless Cook
16 Dread Sir, reflect on JOHNNY WILKES'S fate,
- " Supported chiefly by a paltry rabble;
" WILKES bad defiance to your frowns and state,
" And got the better in that famous squabble >
<4 Poor was the vi&ory you wish'd to win,
" All ready in rebellion now to rife;
'* And b;d us guard against a iioig surprise:
<; Your's iis the hair," they cry, " th' Almighty gave y«?-
" Lo! on th' event the world impatient looks,
" Then, pray,. Sir, liflen to your faithful Cook?,
" Nor in the Palace breed a civil war:
<4 Cry, * jLocks and liberty, and damn the wigs!'*
