title: The Lousiad, Canto III
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 137
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

The BARD, who never wrote an idle word,
Hudc his bold verse, the GOD'S bold speech record:
And had theTnuND'RER but broke wind, the fong
Had, imitative, born the Waft along. —
Then be it known to all the world around,
To folks above, and people under ground,
To n*sh and fowl, and every creeping, thing— -
Lillibuflcro, and Go£ fave the King,
Were actually the very airs he chose!
tut wherefore- — GOD ALMIGHTY only knows T

"WITH beauteous LAMBERT'S blush, and RussEi.%
AURORA peep'd upon the first of Isles;
And lo, to bleating flock, and whittling bird,
Uprofe the Sun, and uprofe G. THE THIRD,
Who left his Queen so charming, and her room
To talk of hounds and horses with the Groom.
Say, MUSE, what! not one cloud with loweri
To gloom cocnpaffion on the heads of Cooks?
What! not one solitary omen sent;
Not one small sign, to tell the great event?
On CATO'S danger, clouds of ev'ry shape
Hung on the firmament their dismal crape;
AURORA wept, poor girl, with sorrow big;
And PHOZBUS fofe without his golden wig!
But now the skies their usual manners loft,
The fun and moon, and all the starry host!
No raven at the window flapp'd his wings,
And croak'd portentous to the Cooks of Kings;
No horses neigh'd, no bullocks roar'd so stout;
No sheep, like sheep be-devill'd, ran about;
No lightnings slash'd, no thunder deign'd to growl;
No walls re-echoed to the mournful owl;
No jackass bray'd affright j no ghost 'gan wail;
No comet threaten'd empires with bis tail:

No witches, wildly screaming, rode the broom;
No pewter platters danc'd about the room.
Thus unregarded droop'd each menac'd head,
As though the omens all were really dead;
As unregarded (what a horrid slur I)
As though-the Monarch meant to shave a cur!
Now to the kitchen of the Palace came
Full many a damsel sweet, and daring dame,
The wives arid daughters of those Cooks forlorn
Whose luckless heads were threaten'd to be Ihorn:
Ire in each eye, and vengeance in each hand,
To cheer their hulbands, pour'd the boastful band!
Thus, when the ancient Britons rush'd to battle,
Their wives intrepid join 'd the general rattle;
Encouraging their huibands in the fray,
For fear some pale-nos'd rogues might run away:
O glorious aft! — repelling coward fear.—
Thus cocks fight bravest when the hens are near.
Now on the band of Ladies star'd the cooks
And seem'd to {hew hair-ruin in their looks*-
Great is the eloquence of eyes indeed —
Much hift*ry in those tell-tale orbs we read,!
What though no bigger than a button- hole,
Yet what a wondrous window to the foul!
The bofom's joy, and grief, and hope, and fear,
In lively colours are depicted here!
Now to the crowded kitchen RAMUS springs,
RAMUS, call'd BILLY by thebeft of Kings;
Who much of razors and of soap-suds knows,
Well skill'd to take Great CAESAR by the nose:
Much by his Sovereign lov'd, a trusty Page,
Who often puts great Statefrnen in a rage;
Poor LORDS! compeli'd against their will to
Though ass-like laden with affairs of State,
Till Page and Monarch finish deep disputes
On buckfliin breeches, or a pair of boots I

Bilk

J?/7/v, a pretty name of love, so sweet,
Familiar, easy, for. affection meet!
Thus formal Patrick is transfbrm'cl to Paddy;
And Father, by the children chrifte'n'd Daddy:
And OLIVER, who couid e'en Kings control,
By many a thousand is baptiz'd OLD NOLL.
Speak, READER, didft thou ever see a ghost $
If so— thou ftoodeft flaring, like a post:
Thus did the Cooks on SILLY RAMUS dare,
Whose frightful pretence porcupin'd each hair.
Now enter'd * SECKER — and now thus he spoke:— •
" This Louse affair's a very pretty joke!
" Arn't you afiiam'd of it, you dirty dogs?—
" Zounds! have you all been ileeping witu the hogs.?
" But mind — you 11 be, to all your great delight,
'* Bald as so many coots before *tU night.
" No murmurs, gentlemen — 'tis all in vain:
" When Monarchs order, who shall dare complain r"
Now from the female Band, a HEROINE rav'd,
" G-d curse me, if my hulband/ita// be inav'd!
" You man't, you ftian't the fellow's head disgrace;
44 I say the man shall sooner lose his place.
" tyigs, like the very devil, I loath, I hate— •
" And curse me, if a nightcap hugs his pate." —
'* Ho.w, IMPUDENCE 1" the wratlitul SECKER cry'd,,
With horror flaring, and a mouth yard-wide —
'* Where, where's my Hick, my cane, my whip, my switch?
^' Who taught j-ebelli on t'ye, you saucy b-^-?" —
4t Myself" with hands akembow, cry'd the Dame:
41 I tell ye^ Miftcr S.ECKER, 'tis a shame;
" To futfer razors to come, near their skulls.
^ If I'm.a b.itch, then/omefotys a dog."

Qerk of the Kitchen.
Now,

Now all th' internal man of SECKER boil'd;'
From thought to thought of turbulence he toiPd:
Now, resolution-fraught, he wiftYd to flick her,
Now in her face to spit, and now to kick her.
But PRUDENCE in that very moment came,
And sweetly whisper'd to the man of flame—
" Fie, SECKER! kick a 'woman! SECKER, fie!
" Strive to surpass great Kings in binding books;
" Transcend great Kings in forcing stubborn kine
" To breakfast on horse-chesnuts, sup, and dine;
4t In educating pigs, be thou as deep;
" Go, triumph at the market- towns with wool:
'* Go,' breed for lady-cows the bravest bull;
" Tow'r o'er the fcepter'd GREAT in fat of lambs,
'* And rife a rival in the breed of rams.- —
" Whose beam, a bonfire round a Monarch glow?.
44 Surpass in charity towards the poor;
" Nor bully starving MERIT from the door.
" What though the.wealthy Great a taste may want,
" Yet, would they cast their eyes on pining MERIT,
" Those eyes would quickly warm her frozen spirit.
" The -fool may lift the MOURNER from the tomb,
" And bid the' buried feeds of Genius bloom.
" To look on humble WORTH, might bid her shine:
4< Thus tallow candies in a chandelier
" Make the keen beauties oi the glass appear,
" And mare the merit of the mingled blaze.
44 The GREAT ihould bid like SUNS their treasures
44 Whose beams wide spreading no diftin6tion know;
44 But equal bid the crab and pine be ripe, -
44 And light at oace a fyilem and a pipe."
Thus
