title: The Lousiad, Canto IV (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 136
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

' So, Miller SECKER, let's have no more toufc;
" Hunt further for the owner of the louse.
" Sir, 'tis a burning Jkame^ I'm bold to say,
" To take poor peopled character away.
44 Who knows the varmine is n't your own, odsfifh!
" Youlre fond of peeping into ev'ry dish."
Again of SECKER boil'd th' internal man;
Thought urging thought, again to rage began:
Huge thoughts of d ifs 'rent sizes swell'd his foul;.
Now mounting high, now sinking low they roll;
Bustling here, there, up, down, and round about;
So wild the mob, so terrible the rout!
How like a LEG OF MUTTON in the pot,
With turnips thick surrounded all so hot!
Amid the gulph of broth, sublime, profound,
Tumultuous, jostling, how they rum around!
Now up the turnips mount with jfluns of mow,
While restless lab'ring MUTTON dives below—
NoV lofty soaring, climbs the kg of meep,
While TURNIP downward plunges 'mid the deep!
Strange such resemblances in things mould lie!
But what escapes the Poess piercing eye?
Just like the Sun — for what escapes his ray,
Who darts on,d.eep.est ihade the golden day!
Muse, let uspanfe a moment — here we see
A wfeman, Certainly of low degree,
Reviling folk of elevated ilation;
Thus waging war with mild SUBORDINATION.
Sfacmld sweet SUBORDINATION chance to die,
Adieu to Kings and Courtier men so high;
Then will that IMP EQUALITY prevail,
Who knows no diff 'rence between head and tail;
Then MAJESTY, the lofty nose who lifts,
With tears mall wafh'and iron her own shifts;
To darn her stockings from her height descend,
Which now are giv'n to *MACKENTHUN to mend—
^ A lady, attendant on the PrincefTes.
Turn
Turn her fair fingers into vulgar paws,
And wash her dirty laces and her gauze.
Then dimm'd are coronets that awe inspire,
And sceptres Huff 'd, like faggots, in the fire,
Ne'er let me view the hour, my foul that shocks
When female Majesty shall wash her smocks;
Such humbled grandeur let me never see;
Soapfuds and Sovereignty but ill agree:
Malkin and Majesty, but ill accord:
Rubbers and Royalty, are kin abhorr'd!
Strange union! 'tis the. Vulture and the Bat:
A gulph and mudpool — elephant and rat;
A great Archbishop, and an Undertaker j '
The Muse of Epic, and a riddle- maker;
A roaring King in tragedy sublime;
And he who plays poor Pug in Pantomime;
The Lord who in the Senate wonder draws,
Firm in the fair support of Freedom's cause.
And that fame Lord, behind the scenes, a snail,
Who, crawling, of an a&ress * holds the tail;
MARCHES i on the stage with steel and plume,
And that MARCHESI in a lady's room;
Sir f JOSEPH, Jove-like, with his hammer'd arm,
Who thund'ring breaks of sleep the opiate charm;
And that SIR JOSEPH, with a simple look,
Collecting simples near the simple brook.
Again came PRUDENCE, quaker-looking form%
Sweet-humour'd Goddess, to suppress the storm,
Who clapp'd her hands (indeed an acl: uncouth)
Full on the gaping hole of SECKER'S mouth;
Comprefling thus a thousand iron words,
Sharp ev'ry foul of them as points of swords:
But soon her hand forsook his lips and chin;
Who own'd the Goddess, and but gave a grin.
'- Miss Farren.
f Sir Joshua Banks, A part of his royal insignia is a hammer t»
knock down a dispute, and keep the Royal Society awake.
T z Thus

Thus from a fretful bottle of small beer,
If, mad, the cork fhou Id leap with wild career;
Lo, to the bottle's mouth the butler flies,
And with dexterity his hand applies!
In vain the liquor bu files, 'mid the dome;
John quells ail fury, and subdues the foam!
Now role the MAJOR — " Mister SECKER — Sir,
" You make in this affair a pretty flir!
" 'Twere doubtless a fine present in a box
" To offer to our fovereigri Lord, the locks:
" Some vast reward would follow, to be sure;
A pretty little, sweet, snug, Jinecure.
" Sublime achievements claim sublime rewards.
<s I humbly do presume, Sir, that his Grace
Thus spoke the COOK, like vinegar so four.
" No matter, Master Major, what I get;
" I'll order matters, d — n me, if I don't:
" Yes, Master DIXON, you shall know who's who—
" Which is.the better gemman, I or you.
Thus answers SECKER to the man of woes,
And points his satire with a cock'd-up nose.
Scarce had he utter'd, when a noise was heard;
And now behold a motley band appear'd!
With Babel sounds at once the kitchen rings,
Of Groom, Page, Barber, and the best of Kings '
And lo, the best of Queens must see the fun;
And lo, the PrincefTes so beauteous run;
And Madam SCHWELLENBERG came hobbling too;
Poor lady, losing in the race a shoe!
But in revenge-pursuit, the loss how flight!
The world would lose a leg, to please a Jpite.
And now for Peace did SECKER bawl aloud;
And lo, PEACE came among the crowd.
In courts of justice thus, to hush the hum,
" Cooks, Scullions, all, of high and low degree,
" Attend, and learn our Monarch's will from me.
" Our Sov'reign Lord the King, whose word is fate,
" Wills in his wisdom to see (hav'd each pate: '
" And let each Barber fall upon his sconce." —
Thus thunder'd SECKER with a MARS- like face,
And struck dire terror through the reading race.
R Thus roar'd ACHILLES 'mid the martial fray,
When ev'ry- frighted Trojan ran away.
Calm was the crowd, when thus the King of Isles
Firm for the shave — but yet with kingly smiles —
" You must be (hav'd— you shall, you must indeed:
" No, no, I shan't let flip a single head —
" A very filthy, nasty, dirty trick —
" The thought on't turns my stomach — makes me fick.
Louse — louse — a nasty thing — a louse I hate: —
" No, no, I'll have no more upon my plate.
" One is sufficient — yes, yes — quite a (tore-—
" I'll have no more — no more, I'll have no more."
Thus spoke the King, like ev'ry king who gives
To trifles, lustre that for ever lives.
Thus (linking vapours from the oozy pool,
Of cats and kittens, dogs and puppies full,
Bright SC/L sublimes, and gives them golden wings,
The cloud on which Jome say, -the Cherub sings.

T J A POETICAt
