title: A Poetical and Congratulatory Epistle to James Boswell, Esq. (part 1 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 135
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

BOSWELL, Bozzy, Bruce,* whate'er thy name,
Thou mighty mark for anecdote and fame j,
Thou jackall, leading lion Johnson forth
To eat M'Pherson f 'midfHiis native North;.
To frighten grave profeflbrs with his roar,
And make the Hebrides from more to more —
All hail! At length, ambitious Thane, thy rage
To give one spark to FAME'S befpangled page
Is amply gratified — a thousand eyes
Survey thy books with rapture and surprise!
Loud, of thy Tour, a thousand tongues have spoken,
And wonder 'd that thy bones were never broken I
Triumphant, thou thro' TIME'S vast gulph shall fail,
The pilot of our Ikerary whale;
Cloie to the clailic H AMBLER malt thou cling,
Close as a supple courtier to a king;
i Fate shall not fcake thee off with all its pow'r,
Stuck like a bat to some old ivy'd tow'r.
Nay, though thy Johnson ne'er had bless'd thine eyes,
Papli's deeds had rais'd thee to the ikies!
Yes! his broad wing had rais'd thee (no bad hack)
A torn-tit twiti'ring on an eagle's back.
THOU, curious fcrapmonger, malt live in fong
When death hath still'd the rattle of thy tongue;,
f Thd translator (but in Dr. Johnson's opinion, the author) of th«
Pocziu attributed to Oifian.
E'en

KPISTtE TO BOSWELt.
E'en» future babes to lisp thy name shall learn,
And Bozzy join with Wood, and Tommy Hearn,
Who drove the spiders from much prose and rhime,
Atid snatch'd old stories from tKe jaws of TIME.
Sweet is tiiy page, * J ween, that doth recite
How thou and Johnson, arm in arm, one night,
March'd -through fair Edinburgh's paftolian fhow'rs,
"Which CLOACINA bountifully pours;
Those gracious fhow'rs that fraught with fragrance flow,
And gild, like gingerbread, the world below.
How sweetly grumbled too was Sam's remark,
Alas! historians are confounded dull;
A dim Bceotia reigns in ev'ry (kull;
Mere beasts of burden, broken -winded, flow,
Heavy as cart-horses, along they go;
Whilst thou, a will-o'-whifp, up, down, here, there,
Wild darteft corufcations ev'ry where.
What taflelefs mouth can gape, what eye can close,
What head can nod o'er thy enlivening prose?
To others' works, the works of thy inditing
Are downright di'monds to the eyes of whiting.
Tnink not I flatter thee, my flippant fciend;
For well i know that flatt'ry would offend:
Yet honess praise,- I'm sure, thou would'ft not Hum.
Born with a stomach to digest a tun!
Who can refuse a smile, that reads thy page,
Where surly Sam, inflam'd with Tory rage,
Naflau befcoundrels, and with anger big,
Swears Whigs are rogues, and ev'ry rogue a Whig?
Who' will not, too, thy pen's minutiae bids,
That gives posterity the RAMBLER'S f dress?
Methinks I view his full, plain suit of brown,
The large grey bushy wig that grac'd his crown,
Black worsted stockings, little (ilver buckles,
And shirt that had no ruffles for his knuckles.
I mark the brown great-coat of cloth he wore,
two huge Patagonian pockets bore,
Which

Which Patagonians (wond'rous to unfold!)
Would fairly both his Dictionaries hold.
I see the RAMBLER* on a large bay mare,
Juit like a Centaur, «v'ry danger dare,
On a full gallop dam the yielding wind,
T*he colt and Bozzy fcamp'ring close behind.
Of Lady Lochburyf with what glee we read,
Who offer'd Sam, for breakfast, cold (beep's head;
Who, press'd and worry 'd by this dame so civil,
Wish'd the meep's head and woman's at the devil.
I see you failing both in Buchan's J pot-
Now (terming an old woman § and her cot;
Who terrified at each tremendous ihape,
Deem'd you two Demons ready for a rape:
On Sam's remarks || on whey and tanning leather:
At Corrichatachin's,f the Lord knows how,
I see thee, Bozzy, drunk as David's sow,
And begging, with rais'd eyes and lengthen'd chin,
Heav'n not to damn thee for the deadly sin:
I see too, the (tern moralist regale,
And pen a Latin ode to Mistress Thrale.**
Rare fight! bald Sam in the Pretender's fs bed:
Jhear (what's wonderful!) unfought by (tudying,
His claflic diflertation upon pudding:£}:
Of Frovoft Jopp,§§ I mark the marv'ling face,
Who g-'ive the Rambler's freedom with a grace:
I see too, trav'ling from the I. LE of EGG,||{]
The humble servant <(]*$ of a horse's leg;
And SNIP, the tayior, from the ISLE of MucK,*f
Who (titch'd in SKY with tolerable luck:
V: Pr-.ge 376. f P;ige 429. |" Page 104.
Jfee

I see the horn that drunkards must adore;
The horn, the mighty horn of Rorie More;*
And bloody shields that guarded hearts in quarrels,
Now guard from rats the milk and butter barrels.
Methinks the Caledonian dame I see
Familiar fitting' on the RAMBLER'S knee,
Charming, with kifles sweet', the chuckling sage:
Melting with fweetefl smiles the frolt of age;
Like SOL, who darts at times a cheerful ray
O'er the wan visage of a winter's day.
" Do it again, my dear," (I hear Sam cry)
" See who first tires, my charmer, you 'or I."
I see thee (luffing, with a hand uncouth,
An old dry'd whiting in thy Johnfori's mouth;
And, lo! I see, with all his might and main,
Thy Johnson spit the whiting out again.
Rare anecdotes! 'tis anecdotes like these
That bring thee glory, and the million please!
On these shall future times delighted flare,
Thou charming haberdafher of small ware!
Stewart and Robertson, from thee, mall learn
The limple charms of Hift'ry to discern:
To thee, fair Hift'ry's palm, mall Livy yield,
And Tacitus, to Bozzy, leave the field!
Joe Miller's fels, whose page such run provokes,
Shall quit his shroud, to grin at Bozzy's jokes!
How are we all with rapture touch 'd, to see
Where, when, and at what hour, you swallow'd tea!
How, orice, to grace this A fiatic treat,
Came haddocks, which the RAMBLER could not eat.'
Pleas'd, on thy book thy Sov'reign's eye-balls roil,
Who loves a goffip's story from his foul!
Blest with the mem'ry of the Persian king,f
Who, ev'ry body knows, and ev'ry thiiig;
Who's dead, whofe's married, what poor girl-beguii'd
Hath loft a paramour, and found a child;
Which
