title: A Poetical and Congratulatory Epistle to James Boswell, Esq. (part 2 of 2)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse (Peter Pindar); OCR noisy

Which gard'ner hath most cabbages and peas,
And which old woman hath most hives of bees;
Which farmer hath the most prolific sows,
Cocks, hens, geese, turkeys, goats, sheep, bulls, and cows;
Which barber best the ladies' locks can curl;
Which house in Windsor fells the fined purl;
Which chimney-sweep best beats, in gold array,
His brush and' shovel, on the first of May;
Whose dancing dogs,, in rigadoons excel;
And whose the puppet- shew,, that bears the bell;
Which clever smith, the prettiest man- trap makes,*
To fave from thieves the royal ducks and drakes,
The Guinea hens and peacocks, with their eggs,
And catch his loving fubjefts by the legs.'
Oh! lince the Prince of gofiips reads thy book,
To what high honours may not Bozzy look?
The fun-fhirie of his smile may soon be thine — •
Perchauncc, in converse thou may'ft hear him shine:
Perchauncci to stamp thy merit through the nation,
He begs of Johnson's Life, thy dedication;
Asks questions f of thee, and, O lucky elf,
Molt kindly answers ev'ry one himself.
Bless'd with the classic learning \ of a college,
Our K " g is not a miser of his knowledge:
Nought in the storehouse of his brains turns musty;
No razor-wit, for want of use, grows rufty:
around his park at Windsor, for the benefit of the public.
f Jurt after Dr. Johnson had been honoured with an interview with
a certain great perfonage, in the Queen's library at Buckingham House,
he was interrogated by a friend concerning his reception, and his opinion
of the r-y-J intellect. — " His M y fecms to be poffelfed of some
good-nature and much curiosity (replied the Doctor): as for his v.vj,
it is not contemptible. His M y indeed was multifarious in his
tjue/lio'is *, but, thank Goj, he anfwcred them all kimfelf,
% This is a wry extraordinary circumstance: the htc. P 3.
D r retained three parts of the money ordered for the education of
her children. The effect of this miserable conduct, was so conspicuous
i'i her daughter M A, that the fetters received fn»m her during her
relidence in Denmark, were absolutely vuuntelligible.
VOL. I. U Whateor

Whate'er his head suggests, whatever he knows,
Free as election beer from tubs, it flows!
Yet, ah! superior far!-— it boasts the merit
Of never fuddling people with the spirit!
Say, Bozzy, when, to bless our anxious fight,
When mall thy volume* burst the gates of light-?
Oh, cioth'd in calf, ambitious brat, be born —
Our kitchens, parlours, libraries, adorn!
My fancy's keen anticipating eye,
A thousand charming anecdotes can spy:
I read, 1 read of G — ge the learn'd f display
•On Lowth's and Warburton's immortal fray: -
Of G — ge, whose brain, if right the mark I hit,
Forms one huge Cyclopaedia of wit;
That holds the wisdom of a thousand ages,
And frightens all his workmen and his pages!
O Bozzy, flili, thy tell-tale plan pursue:
The world is wondrous fond of something new;
And, let but SCANDAL'S breath embalm the page,
It lives a welcome guest from age to age.
-Not only say who breathes an arrant knave,
But who' hath sneak'd a rascal to his grave:
Make o'er his turf (in Virtue's cause) a rout,
And, like a d-mn'd good Christian, pull him out,
Without a fear, on families harangue;
'Say who shall lose their ears, and who shall hang;
Publish the demi-reps, and punks — nay more,
-Declare what virtuous wife ivltt be a wh-re.
Thy brilliant brain, conjeclure can supply,
To charm through ev'ry leaf the eager eye.-
The blue-stocking % society describe,
And give thy comment on -each joke, and jibe:
•f- His M y's commentary on the quarrel, in which the Bishop
And the Doctor pelted one the other with dirt so gracefully, will be a
treasure to the lovers of literature! Mr. B. hath as good as prom i fed it
to the public, and, we hope, means to keep his word.
J A club chiefly compofcd of mnjl learned ladies, profound critics,
and sils-dekgated arbittrs of taste, to which Mr, B, was admitted.
Tell
Tell what the women are, their wit, their quality,
And dip them in thy streams of immortality!
Let Lord M'Donald threat thy breech to kick,f
And o'er thy shrinking moulders snake his stick:
Treat.with contempt the menace of this Lord;
'Tis Hift'ry's province, « Bozzy, to record, ' %
Though Wilkes abuse thy brain, that airy mil!,
And iwear poor Johiifon murder d by the quill;
What's that to thee? Why let the viclim bleed — •
Thy end is answer'd, if the nation read.
The fiddling Knight,} and tuneful Miitrefs- Thrale,
Who frequently hobb'd or nobb'd with Sam, in ale,
Snatch'd up the pen (as thirst of fame inipires!)
To write his jokes and stories by their tire's;
Then why not thou, each joke and tale enrol,
Who like a watchful cat, before a hole,
Full twenty years (inflam'd with letter'd pride)
Didft moufing fit before Sam's mouth so wide,
To catch as many scraps as thou wert able —
A very Laz'rus at the rich man's table?
What though against thee porters § bounce the door,
And bid thee hunt for secrets there no more;
With pen and ink so ready at thy coat,
Excifeman-like, each sy liable to note,
That giv'n to printer's devils, (a precious load!)
On wings of print comes flying all abroad?
Watch then the venal valets — (mack the maids,
And try with gold to make them rogues and jades:
Yet mould their honesty thy bribes resent;
Ply to thy fertile genius, and invent:
f A letter of severe remonftrance was fcnt to Mr. B. who, in con-
(cquence, omitted, in the second edition of his Journal, what is lo
generally pleafmg to the public, viz. the scandalous passages relative
to that nobleman.
Piozzi) threatens us with the life of the late lexicographer.
want the taste to reliih Mr. Bos well's vehicles to immortality. Though
in London, poor Boz?.y is in a deferi.
U a Like

Like old Voltaire, who plac'd his greatest glory
In cooking up an entertaining story;
Who laugh'd at TRUTH, whene'er her (imple tongue
Would match amusement from a tale or fong.
Oh! whilst, amid the anecdotic mine,
Thou labour'ft hard to bid thy HERO mine.
Run to Bolt Court,* exert thy Curl-like f foul,
And fish forjrolden leaves from hole to hole;
Find when he ate and drank, and cough'd and fneez'd— -
Let all his -motions in thy book be fqueez'd:
On tales, however strange, impose thy claw;
Yes, "let thy amber lick up ev'ry st raw:
Sam's nods, and winks, and laughs, will form a treaty
For all that breathes of Johnson must be great /
Blest be thy labours, most advent'rous Bozzi,
Bold rival of Sir Jphn, and Dame Piozzi;
Heav'ns! with what laurels mail thy head be crown'd!
A grove, a forest, shall thy ears surround!
Yes! whilst the RAMBLER mall a comet blaze,
And gild a world of darkness with his rays;
TJiee too, that world, with wonderment, shall hail,
A lively, bouncing cracker at his tail!
f Curl, thebookfeller, frequently bribfd people to bunt the temples
of Cloacina for the letters of Pope and Swift.
