title: Bozzy and Piozzi; or, The British Biographers (part 1 of 5)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 98
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); town eclogue in dialogue; speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

JOHNSON fought (as Shakespeare says) tint bourn,
From whence, alas! no travellers return;
In humbler Englifn, when the Doctor died,
APOLLO whimper'd, and the MUSES cried;
PARNASSUS mop'd for days, in business flack,
And, like a hearse, the hill was hung with black;
MINERVA, iighing for her fav'rite son,
Pronounc'd, with lengthen'd face, the world undone
Her OWL, too, hooted in so loud a ftyte,
That people might have heard the BIRJ> a mile;
JOVE wip'd his eyes so red, and told his wife,
He ne'er made JOHNSON'S equal in his life;
And that 'twould be a long, long time, if ever^.
His art could form a fellow ha!f so clever:
VENUS, of all the little Loves the dam,
With all the GRACES, fobbVl for BROTHER Sam;
Such were the heav'nly bowlings for his death,
As if DAME NATURE had resign'd her breath.
Nor less sonorous was the grief, 1 ween,
Amidst the natives of our earthly scene:
From beggars, to the GREAT who hold the helm,
One jfohnfo-mania rag'd through ail the realm!
" IPh

" Who (cry'd the world) can match his prose or rhyme?
" O'er wits of modern days he tow'rs sublime!
" An oak, wide-spreading o'er the Ihrubb below,
" A pyramid, amidst some barren waffe,
" That frowns o'er huts, the sport of ev'ry blafl;
"~^A mighty ATLAS, whose aspiring head
" O'er diflant regions cafls an awful fbade.
" By kings and beggars, lo! his tales are told,
" And ev*ry sentence glows a grain of gold!
" Bleil! who his philosophic phiz can take, /
" The lengthen'd lip of scorn, the forehead's scowl,
" The low 'ring eye's contempt, and bear-like growl..
^ Mere.fprats, that venture war with whales to wage:
" Unmov'd he(stands, and feels their force no more
" That calmly bears the tumults of the deep,
" And howling tempests, that* as well may sleep."
Strong, 'midst the R AMBLER'S cronies was the rage
To fill with SAM'S bon-mots and tales the page:
]Vlere flies, that buzz'd around his fetting ray,
And bore a splendor, on their wings, away:
Thus round his orb the pigmy planets run,
And catch their little lustre from the SUN.
At length, rush'd forth two CANDID A TES for fame;
A Scotchman one, and one a London dame;
That9 by th' emphatic JOHNSON, chriflen'd BOZZY;
72/J-, by the Bishop's license, DAME PIOZZI;
Whose widow'd name, by topers lov'd,, was
Bright in the annals of election ale;
A name, by marriage, that gave up the ghost!
In poor PEDOCCHIO* — no! — PIOZZI, loft!
was his recollection; as Pedocchio signifies, in the Jtalian language, that
molt contemptible of animals, a louse. »
Each

Each feiz'd with ardour wild, the gray goose quill;
Each set to work the intelle&ual mill;
That pecks of bran, so coarse, began to pour,
To one poor solitary grain of flour.
Forth rush'd to light, their books— but ivho mould say,
WHICH bore the palm of anecdote away?
77//V, so decide, the RIVAL WI-TS agreed
JBefore SIR JOHN their tales and joke to read,
And let the KNIGHT'S opinion, in the st rife,
Declare the prop'reft pen to write SAM'S Life:
SIR JOHN, renown'd for musical * palavers;
The Prince, the King, the Emperor of Quavers f
Sharp in folfeggi, as the iharpeft needle; '
Great in the noble art of tweedle-tweedle;
Of Music's College form'd to be a FELLOW,
Fit for Mus. D. or MAESTRO DI CAPELLA:
,Whose volume, though it here and there offends,
Boasts German merit — makes by bulk amends.
High plac'd the venerable QUARTO fits,
Superior frowning o'er octavo wits
And duodecimos, ignoble icum!
Poor prostitutes to ev'ry vulgar thumb!
Whilst 'undefil'd by literary rage,
HE bears zfpotlefs leaf from age to age.
Like school-boys, lo! before a two-arm'd chair
That held the KNIGHT wife judging, stood the PAIR:
Or like two poneys on the sporting round,
JPrepar'd to gallop when the drum should found,
The COUPLE rang'd — for-'vict'ry, both as keen,
As for a tott'ring bifliopric, a DEAN,
Or patriot BURKE, for giving glorious -baitings
To that intolerable fellow HASTINGS.
Thus with their songs contended VIRGIL'S swains,
And made the valleys vocal with their strains,
Before some gray-beard SAGE, whose judgment ripe£
-Gave goats for prizes to the prettiest pipe.
# Vide his History of Music.
3 « Alter
" Alternately in anecdotes go on;
" But first, begin you, MADAM," cry'd SIR JOHN.
The thankful DAME low curtfied to the CHAIR,
And thus, for vict'ry panting, read the FAIR.
