title: Bozzy and Piozzi; or, The British Biographers (part 2 of 5)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 197
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); town eclogue in dialogue; speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

SAM JOHNSON was of MICHAEL JOHNSON born;
Whose mop of books did LITCHFIELD town adorn:
Wrong-headed, stubborn sfs a halter'd RAM;
In short, the model of our HERO SAM:
Inclin'd to madness too — for when his mop
Fell down, for want of cam to buy a prop,
For fear the thieves might fleal the vanish'd store,
He duly went each night, and lock'd the door! -
BO ZZ Y.f
Whilst JOHNSON was in Edinburgh, my WIFE,
To please his palate, studied for her lifer
With ev'ry rarity sh€ fiil'd her house,
And gave the DOCTOR, for his dinner, grouse.
DEAR DOCTOR JOHNSON was in size an ox,
And from his UNCLE ANDREW learn'd to box;
A MAN to wrestlers and to bruifers dear,
Who kept the ring in SMITHFIELD a whole year.
The Doctor had an Uncle too, ador'd
By jumping gentry, cail'd CORNELIUS FORD;
Who jump'd in boots, which JUMPERS never choose,
Far as a samoas JUMPER jump'd in shoes.
At supper, rose a dialogue on witches,
When CROSBIE said, there could not be such b-tch-s;
•f- Bozzy's Tour, page 38.
j Piozzi's Anecdotes, page 5. § Page 39.
ArA
And that 'twas blasphemy to think such hags
Could stir up storms, and on their broomstick nags
. Gallop along the air with wondrous pace,
And boldly fly in GOD ALMIGHTY'S face:
But JOHNSON answer'd him, " There might Switches;
" Nought prov'd the non-existence of the b-tch-s,"
When THRALE, as nimble as a boy at schoof,
Leap'd, though fatigu'd with hunting, o'er a stool;
The DOCTOR, proud the fame grand seat to do,
His pow'rs exerted, and jump'd over too;
And though he might a broken back bewail,
He scorn'd to be eclips'd by Mister THRALE.
BOZZY-f;
At ULINISH, our friend, to pass the time
Regal'd us with his knowledges fublim?;
- Show'd that all forts of learning sill'd his nob,
And that in butch'ry he could bear a bob.
He fagely told us of the d ifs 'rent seat
Employ'd to kill the animals we eat:
" An ox," says he, " in country and in town,
" Is by the butchers constantly knock'd down;
u As for that lefler animal, a calf,
" The knock is really not so strong by half;
^ The beast is only^«a«V; but, as for goats,
" And sheep, and lambs, the butchers cut their throats*.
44 Those fellows only want to keep them quiet,
" Not choosing that the brutes ftiould breed a riot,
When JOHNSON was a child, and swallow'd pap,
JTwas in his mother's old maid CATH'RINE'S lap;
There, whilst he fat, he took in wondrous learning;
,JFor much his bowels were for knowledge yearning;
There heard the story which we BRITONS brag on,
The story of ST. GEORGE and eke the DRAGON.

aoZZY AND PfOZZl.

When FOOTE his leg, by some misfortune, broke,
Says /to JOHNSON, ali by way of joke,
On which, says JOHNSON, without hesitation,
On which, says I, a penetrating elf!
On which he laugh'd, and said, I had divin'd it,
Jor bond side, he had really coin' d it.
" And yet, of ali the words I've coin'd, (says he) tl My Dictionary, Sir, contains but three."
The DOCTOR said, in literary matters,
xt A Frenchman goes not deep — he only /matters:"
Then aik'd, what could be hop'd for from the dogs;
Fellows that Hv'd eternally on frogs?

In grave prpceffion to St. Leonard's College,
Well stuff' d with every sort of useful knowledge,
We {lately walk'd, as ibon as supper ended;
The LANDLORD and the WAITER both attended:
The LANDLORD, skill'd a piece of grease to handle,
Before us march'd, and held a tallow candle;
A lantern (some sam'd Scotsman its creator)
With equal grace was carried by the WAITER.
Next morning, from our beds we took a leap,
Arid found. ourselves ir.uch better for ourileep.,

f Gtorge Faulkener, the printer at Dublin, taken off by Foote under
the charafter of Peter Paragraph.
J Page 5S.

In Lin coin shire, a lady show'd our friend
A grotto, that she wish'd him to commend;
'iyoth she, *' How cool in fu miner this abode]"—
" Yes, Madam, (answer'd Johnson) for a toad."
B O Z Z Y.f
Between old Scalpa's rugged i fie and Rafay's,
The wind was vastly boift'rous in our faces:
'TVas glorious, JOHNSON'S figure to set fight on — '
High in the boat, he look'd a noble TRITON!
Hut, lo! to damp our pleasure Fate concurs,
For Joe, the blockhead, loft his mailer's spurs:
This for the RAMBLER'S temper was a rubber,-
VVho wondered Joseph could be foch a lubber.
I ask'd him if he knock'dToM OSBORN § down;
As such a tale was current through the town —
Says I, " Do tell me, DOCTOR, what befell."—:
Why, dearest lady, there is nought to tell:
I ponder'd on the -prop rest mode to treat him—
44 The dog was impudent, and so I beat him;
" TOM, like a fool, proclaim 'd his fancied wrongs;
" Others, that I belabour'd, held their tongues."
Did any one, that he was Kapfy, cry —
JOHNSON would tell him plumply, 'twas a lie.
A LADY || told him she was really so;
On which he sternly answer'd, " MADAM, no!
" Sickly you are, and ugly — -foolish, poor;
'• 'Tu-ould make a fellow hang himself, whose ear,
Were, from such creatures, forc'd such ftuif to hear.""
X* KOZZTiT.

Quoth J to JOHNSON — Do&or, tell me true,
Who was the bcft man that you ever knew?
He answer'd me at once, GEORGE PSALMANAZAK.
J£een in the English language as a razor.
Such was the strange, the ftrahgeft of replies,
That rais'd the whites of both my wond'ring eyes;
As this fame GEORGE, in imposition ftroog,
Seat the first liars that e'er wagg'd a tongue.
B O Z Z Y.f
I wonder'd yesterday, that one JOHN HAY,
Who fery'd as Cicerone on the way,
Should fly a man of war— a spot so blest—
A fool! nine months, too, after he was prest.
Quoth JOHNSON, " No man, Sir, would be a sailors
" With sense to scrape acquaintance with a jailor."
I said, I lik'd not goose, and mention 'd wfy: —
One smells it roasting on the spit, quoth I.
" MADAM, 'tis very nat'ralto suppose,
" If in the pantry you will poke your nose,
" Your maw with ev*ry sort of victuals swelling,
44 That you must want the bliss of dinner smelling"

As at AR GYLE'S grand. honse mv hat T took,
To seek my alehouse, thus began the Duke:
Pray, Mister Bofvvell, won't you have some tea?"
To thts I made my bow, and did agree —
Then to the drawing-room we both retreated,
Where LADY BETTY HAMILTON was seated
Glofe by the.DucHEss, who, in deep discourse,
Took no more notice of me than a horse.
Next day, myself and Dollar JOHNSON took
Our hats, to go and wait upon the Duke.
Next to himself theDuKK did JOHNSON place; '.
But I, thank God, fat/,-Y<w</ to hio GRACE.
The place was due mod surely to my merits —
And faith, I was in very pretty spirits:
I plainly law (my penetration such is)
I was not yet in favour with the DUCHESS.
Thought I, Tarn not difccncerted yet;
Before we part, Fll give her GR ACE afiveaf—
Then looks of intrepidity I put on,
And alk'd her, if ftie'd have a plate- of mutton.
This was a glorious deed, must be confess'd!
I knew I was the Duke's, and not her guefl!
Knowing — as I'm a man of tip-top breeding,
That great folks drink no healths whilst they are feeding^,.
J took my glass, and looking at her GRACE,
J itar'd her like a devil in the face;
And in refpetfful terms, as was my duty,
Said J, " My LADY DUCHESS, I Mute ye-."
Most audible, indeed, was my fahite,
For which some folks will say I was a brute;
But, faith, itdanY.d her, as t knew it would;
But then I knew that t was flefii and blood.

Once at our house, amidst our ATTIC
We liken'd our acquaintances to least*:

As for example — some to calves and hogs,
And some to bears, and monkeys, cats and dogs;
We said (which charrn'd the DOCTOR much, no doubt)
His mind was like, of ELEPHANTS, they//<?«/,
That could pick pins up, yet pofTefs'd the vigour
For trimming well the jacket of a TIGER,
August the fifteenth, Sunday, Mifler Scolt
Did breakfast with us — when upon the spot;
TCL////#, and unto DOCTOR JOHNSON, lo!
Sir WILLIAM FORBES, so clever, did I show;
A man that doth not after roguery hanker;
A charming Christian, though by trade a banker;
Made too of good companionable fluff;
And this, I think, is saying full enough:
And yet it is but justice to record,
That when he had the meafies — 'pon my word.
The people seem'd in such a dreadful fright,
His house was all surrounded day and night,
As if they apprehended some great evil,
A general conflagration, or the devil.
And when he better'd — oh! 'twas grand to see 'em
Like mad folks dance, and hear 'em sing Te Deum.
MADAME P I O Z Z I.f
Quoth JOHNSONT, " Who d'ye think my life will " write!"—
" GOLDSMITH," said I.— Quoth he, " The dog's vile " spite,
" Besides the fellow's monstrous love of lying w Would doubtless make the book not worth the
st buying,"

That worthy gentleman, good Mr. Scott,
Said, 'twas our SOCRATES'S luckless lot
