title: Bozzy and Piozzi; or, The British Biographers (part 3 of 5)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 140
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); town eclogue in dialogue; speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

To have the WAITER, a sad nasty blade,
To make, poor gentleman, his lemonade;
Which WAITER, much against the DOCTOR'S wish,
Put with his paivs the sugar in the dim:
The DOCTOR, vex'd at men a filthy fellow,
Began, with great propriety, to bellow;
Then up he took the dish, and nobly flung
The liquor out of window on the dung;
And DOCTOR SCOTT declar'd, that, by his frown,
He thought he would have knock'd the fellow down.

With glee, the DOCTOR did my girl behold;
Her name VERONICA, just four months old.
This name VERONICA, a name though quaint,.
Belonged originally to a Saint;
But to my old Great Graiidam it was giv'n —
As fine a woman as e'er went to Heav'n;
And what must add to her importance much,
This lady's genealogy was Dutch,
The man who did espouse this dame divine,
Was ALEXANDER, Earl of Kincardine;
Who pour'd along my body, like a {luice,
The noble, noble, noble blood of BRUCE f
And who that own'd this blood could well refuse
To make the world acquainted with the news?
But to return unto my charming child —
About our Doctor JOHNSON me was wild;
And when he left off speaking, she would flutter,.
Squall for him to begin again, and sputter!
And to be near him a strong wilh express'd,
Wtych proves he was not iuch a horrid beafh.

Her

Her fondness for the Doctor pleas'd me greatly;-
On which I loud exclaim'd in language itateiy,
Nay, if I recoiled aright, Ifivore
I'd to her fortune add j^W hundred more I

One day,- as we were all in talking loft,
My mother's fav'rite spaniel stole the toast; <
On which, immediately, I fcrcam'd, u Fie on her- —
" Fie, BELLE," laid I, " you us'd to be on honour."—
" Yes," JOHNSON cry'd; " but, Madam, pray be told,.
" The reason for the vice is — BELLE grows 'old"
But JOHNSON never could the dog abide,
Because my mother wash'd and comb'd his hide..
The truth on't.is — BELLE was not too well bred
Who always would injjft on being fed;
And very often too, the fancy SLUT
Infixed upon having the. />/? cut,

Last nightmuch care for Jo H N so N fs cold was us'<?y;.
Who^ hitherto, without his nightcap fnootfd;
That nought might treat so wonderful a man ill,.
Sweet Mils M'LEOD did make a cap of flannel j. -
And after putting it about his head,
She gave him brandy as he went to bed.
MAD A- ME PlOZZI.f
One night we parted at the DOCTOR'S dcory
When thus I said, as I had said before,
4< Don't forget Dicky, DOCTOR — mind poor Dick,'f
On which he turn'cl round on his heel so quick,
'* Lguefs I theu may go and hang myself."

At night, well soak'd with rain, and wondrous weary,
We got as wet as shags to INVER ARY;
We lupp'd most royally — were vastly frisky,
When JOHNSON ordered up a gill of whiskey:
Taking the glass, says I, " Here's Mistress Th'rale."—
"Drink her in society not," said he, " but ale."
MADAME P I O Z Z I.f
The DOCTOR had a cat, and christen'd Hodge,
That at his house in Fleet-Street us'd to lodge. '
This Hodge grew old, and fick, and us'd to wish.
That all his dinners might be form'd of fjk;
To please poor Hodge, the DOCTOR, all fokind,
Went out, and bought him Asters to his mind
This every day he did — nor ask'd black FR ANK,£
Who deem'd himself of much too high a rank,
With vulgar fijh-fags to be forc'd to chat,
And purchase oysters for a mangy cat.

For God's fake flay each anecdotic scrap;
Let me draw breath, and take a trifling nap;
With one half-hour's restoring (lumber blest,
And Heav'n's afliftance, I may bear the rest.
~AJidi\ — What have I done, inform me, gracious Lord?
That thus my ears with nonsense should be bor'd I
Oh! if I do not in the trial die,
The Devil and all his brimflone I defy.
No punishment in other worlds I fear;
My crimes will all be expiated here.
Ah! ten times happier was my lot of yore,
When, rais'd to conference that all adore,
I fat, each feilion, king-like, in the chair,
Aw'd ev'ry rank, and made the million stare:
Page 483. f Page 102. J Dr. Johnson's fcrvant.
Lord.

Lord paramount o'er ev'ry Justice riding;
In causes, with a Turkish iway, deciding T
Yes, like a noble Bashaw of three tails,
I spread &fear and trembling through the jails?•
Blest, have I brow-beaten each thief and ftrumpet.
And blasted on them, like the last day's trumpet.
JVo fniv'ling pity dares my deeds control:
Aiham'd, the iveaknefs of my King I hear;
Who, childish, drops on ev'ry death * a tear.
Return, f return again, thou glorious hour,
That to my grasp once gav'ft my idol, pow'r;
When at my feet the humble knaves would fall;
The tlaaitTnng Jupiter of HICKS'S Hall.
The Knight thus finishing his speech fofair,
Sleep pull'd him gently backwards in his chair;
Op'd wide the mouth that oft on jail
Then raised his nasal ORGAN to a roar,
That aclually fu-rpafs'd, in tone and g
The grumbled ditties of his fev'rite ba]e.
when he fuflfers the law to take its course on criminals, How unlike
$ The violoncello, on which the Knight is a performer.

ECtCTGUE

NOW from his sleep the KNIT, HT, affrighted, sprung,
Whilst on his ear the words of JOHNSON rung;
For, lo! in dreams the surly RAMBLER rose,
And wildly flaring, seem'd a man of woes.
Wake, HAWKINS," (grow I'd the Doctor, with a frown)
And knock that fellow and that woman down:
Bid them with JOHNSON'S life proceed no further;
Enough already have they dealt in murther:
Say, to their tales that little truth belongs;
If fame they mean me, bid them hold their tongues.
" In vain at glory gudgeon Bo SWELL snaps—
His mind, a paper kite — compos'd of scraps;
Just o'er the baps of chimnies form'd to fly;
Not with a wing lubiime to mount the Jky.
Say to the dog, his head's a downright drum
Unequal to the Hift'ry of TOM THUMB:
He is not equal to a Tyburn Speech.*
" For that PIOZZI'S wife, SIR JOHN, exhort her,
4( To draiu her immortality from porter;
M Give up her anecdotical inditing,
" Bid her a poor biography iufpend,•
41 Nor crucify, through vanity, a friend,
I know no business women have with learning;
Campofed for the unfortunate Inave of Newgate, by different
Iwftorhns.
4 " Their
