title: Bozzy and Piozzi; or, The British Biographers (part 4 of 5)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); town eclogue in dialogue; speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

" Their wit but serves a hulband's heart to rack,.
" Tell PETER PINDAR, mould you chance to him,
<c And let liim rev'rence more the left of kings
" Still on his pegasus continue jogging,
44 And give that Bo SWELL'S back another flogging.'"1
Such was the dream that wak'd the sleeping Knight
And op'd again his eyes upon the light —
Who, mindless of old JOHNSON and his frown,
And stern commands to knock the couple down
Refolv'd to keep the peace — and, in a tone
Not much unlike a mastiff o'er a bone,
He grumbled, that, enabled by the nap,
He now could meet more biographic scrap;
Then nodding with a magiftratial air,
To farther anecdote he call'd the FAIR.
Dear Doctor JOHNSON lov'd a leg of pork,
And hearty on it would his grinders work:
He lik*d to eat it so much over done,
That one might {hake the ilefli from off the bone.

A veal pye too, with fiigar cramm'd and plums,
Was wondrous grateful to the Doctor's gums.
Though us'd from morn to night on fruit to fluff,
He vow'd his belly never had enough.
One Thursday morn did Do<ftx>r JOHNSON wake.,
And call out " Lanky, Lanky," by mistake —
But recollecting — " Bozzv, Bozzy," cry'd—
For in contractions JOHNSON took a. pride!
Whene'er our friend would read in bed by night,
Poor Mister THRALE and I were in a fright;
For, blinking on his book too near the flame,
Lo! to the fore-top of his wig it came;
Burnt all the hairs away, both great and fmatt,
•Down to the very net- work, nam'd the caul.
At Corrachatachin's, in hoggifm funk,
Much was I vex'd that I could not be quiet,.
But, like a stupid blockhead, breed a riot — *
I scarcely knew how 'twas I reel'd to bed.
Next morn I wak'd with dreadful pains of head,
And terrors too, that of my peace did rob me;
For much I sear'd the Moralist would mob me.
Biic as I lay along, a heavy log,
The Doctor, ent'ring, call'd me drunken dog.
Then up role I with apostolic air,
And read in Dame M'KINNON'S book of pray'r,
In hopes for such a sin to be forgiv'n,
And make, if possible, my peace with heav'ji.
I op'd the Twentieth Sunday after Trinity,
• Page 384. J Page 237,^ § Pngc 317.
Voir.I. Y An4

And read theie words — * Pray be not drunk with wine,
" Alas!" says I, " the sinner that I am!"
And having made my speech, I took a dram.

One day, with spirits low, and sorrow sill'd,
I told him that I had a cousin kill'd:
" My dear," quoth he, " for heay'n's fake hold your canting;
" Were all your coudns kill'd, they'd not be wanting:
" Though Death on each of them should set his mark,
" Though ev'ry one were fpitted like a lark,
" The loss of them the world would never feel:
" Are nits — are nothings in the eye of nations."
Again,§ says I, one day, " I do believe,
" A good acquaintance that I have will grieve
" To hear her friend hath loft a large estate."—
" Yes," answer'd he, " lament as much her fete,
" To hear of the nufcarriage of your cow."

Trav'lling in Wales, at dinner-time we got en
Where, at Leweny, lives Sir ROBERT COTTON.
At table, oar great Moralist to pfeafe,
Says J, " Dear Doctor, arn't those charming peas?"
Quoth he, to contradict, and run his rig,
" Madam, they poflibly might please a />/r."
B O Z Z Y.f
Of thatching, well the Doctor knew the art-;
And with his threfhing wisdom made us start:
Deferib'd ths greatest fecreis of the Mint,
And made folks fancy that he had been in't.
Of hops and malt 'tis wondrous what he knew;
And well as any brewer he cculd brew.
In ghosts the Doctor strongly did believe,
I And pinn'd his faith on many a liar's sleeve.
He said to Doctor LAWRENCE, " Sure I am,
I** I heard my poor dear mother call out ' SAM.'

Of Doctor JOHNSON having giv'n a sketch,
Permit me, Reader, of myself to preach:

The Do&or's man-servant.
Page 2 9 5

The

The world will certainly receive with glee
The slightest bit of history of me.
Think of a gentleman of ancient blood!
Prouder of title than of being good;
A gentleman just thirty -three years old;
Married four years, and as a tiger bold;
Whose bowels yearn'd Great Britain's foes to tame,
And from the cannon's mouth to swallow flame;
To get his limbs by broad swords carv'd in wars,
Like some old bedftead, and to boast his fears;
And, proud immortal actions to achieve,
See his hide bor'd by bullets like a sieve.
But, lo! his father, a well-judging Judge,
Forbade his/on from Edinburgh to budge;
Refolv'd the French should not his b — side claw;
So bound \\isfon apprentice to the law.
This gentleman had been in foreign parts,
And, like UJLYSSES, learnt a world of arts:
Much wisdom his vast travels having brought him,
He was not half the fool the people thought him;
Of prudence, this fame gentleman was Juc/iy
He rather had too little than too much,
Bright was this gentleman's imagination,
Well calculated for the highest station:
Indeed so lively, give the Dev'l his due,
Jtje ten times more would utter than was true;
Which forc'd him frequently., against his will,
Poor man! to swallow many a bitter pill:
One bitter pill among the rest he took,
Which was, to cut some scandal from his book.
By Doctor JOHNSON he is well portray'd:
Quoth SAM, " Of BOZZY it may well be said,
14 That, through the most inhoipitable scene,
44 One never can be troubled with the spleen,
44 Nor ev'n the greatest difficulties chafe at,
44 Whilst such an animal is near to laugh at.'*
