title: Bozzy and Piozzi; or, The British Biographers (part 5 of 5)
author: John Wolcot (Peter Pindar)
date: c. 1782-1790
source: https://archive.org/details/worksofpeterpind01wolcuoft (The Works of Peter Pindar, Esq., London, 1797, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 187
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org, 1797 Works, long-s repaired); town eclogue in dialogue; speaker labels removed; light satirical verse

FOR me, in Latin, Doctor JOHNSON wrote
Two lines upon Sir JOSEPH BANKS'S goat;
A goat! that round the world so curious went;
A goat! that now eats^grass that grows in Kent!
B O Z Z Y.f
To Lord-Mo NBODDO a lew lines I wrote,
And by the servant, Joseph, sent this note:
" (Thus far, my Lord, from Edinburgh, my home,
i4 With Mister SAMUEL JOHNSON, I am come;
44 This night, by us, mu st certainly be seen
44 The very handsome town of ABERDEEN.
" For thoughts of JOHNSON, you'll be not apply M to;
" I know your Lordship likes him hss than / do.
" So near we are — to part, I can't tell how,
Bendes, the RAMBLER says1, to see MONBODD,
He'd go at least two miles out of his road;
Which shows that he admires (whoever rails)
The pen which proves that men are born with tails,
Hoping that as to health your Lordship does well,
I am your servant at command,
MADAME P I O Z Z i.J
On Mister THR ALE'S old hunter JOHNSON rode,
Who with prodigious pride the beast bestrode;
And as on BRIGHTON DOWNS he dajffd a^uay lJuch was he pleas'd to hear a sportsman say,
That at a chafe he was as tight a hand
As e'er a sporting lubber in the land.
One morning, JOHNSON, on the Ifleof MULL,
Was of his politics excefiive full:
l*kPage72. f Page 207. J Ibid. § Page 424.
Quoth
Quoth he, " That PULTENEY was a rogue 'tis plain;
Then to his principles he gave a banging,
And swore no Whig was ever worth a hanging.
'Tis wonderful," says he, " and makes one stare,
To think the Livery chose JOHN WILKES Jlord May'r;
A dog, of whom the world could nurse no hopes;
Prompt to debauch.their girls, and rob their shops."
Sir, I believe that anecdote a lie;
>ut grant that JOHNSON said it — ly the bye,
As WILKES unhappily your friendjliip fhar'd,
The dirty anecdote might well

Madam, I stick to truth as much
And damme if the story be not true.
What you have said of JOHNSON and the
As much the RAMBLER for zfavage marks,
'Twas scandalous, ev'n CANDOUR must allow,
To give the hift'ry of the horse and cow.
What but an enemy to JOHNSON'S fame,
Dar'd his vile prank at LITCHFIELD playhouse name—
Where, without ceremony, he thought fit
To fling the man and chair into the pit?
Who would have register'd a speech so odd
On the dead STAY-MAKER * and Doctor DODD?

SAM JOHNSON'S threlhing knowledge and his thatch-
May be your own inimitable hatching:
Pray of his wisdom can't yon tell more news?
Could not he make a shirs, and cobble shoes,
Knit stockings, or, ingenious, take up stitches;
Draw teeth, dress wigs, or make a pair of breeches?
You

You prate too of his knowledge of the MINT,
As if the RAMBLER really had been in't.
Who knows, bnt you will tell us (truth forsaking)
That each bad {hilling is of JOHNSON'S making;
His, each- vile fixpence that the world hath cheated;
And his, the art that ev'ry guinea sweated?
About his brewing knowledge you will prate too,
Who scarcely knew a hop from a potatoe:
And though of beer he joy'd in hearty swigs,
I'd pitagainft his taite my husband's//§-j.

Good me! you're grown at once confounded tender /
Of Doctor JOHNSON'S fame a fierce defender:
i I'm

I'm sure you've mention'd many a pretty story,
Not much redounding to the Doctor's glory.
Afoy for a faint upon us you would palm him— -
Firil murder the poor man, and then embalm him!

Why truly, Madam, JOHNSON cannot boajl —
By your acquaintance, he hath rather loft.
His character so mockingly you handle,
You've funk your comet to a farthing candle.
Your vanities contriv'd the sage to hitch in,
And brib'd him tvith your cellar and your kitchen:
But luckless JOHNSON play'd a losing game;
Though faefand beer he won, he loft his fame.

One quarter of your book had JOHNSON read,
f ift-criticism had rattled round your head.
Yet let thy satire not too far pursue —
Your book has merit, give the Dev'l his due.
Where Grocers and where Pajiry-cooks reside,
Thy book, with triumph, may indulge its pride;
Preach to the patty-pans fententious fturf,
And hug that idol of the nose, call'd snuff;
With all its stories cloves and ginger please,
And pour its wonders to a pound' of cheese!
Madam, your irony is wondrous fine!
Sense in each thought, and wit in ev'ry line;
Yet, Madam, when the leaves of my poor book
Visit the Grocer, or the Pastry-cook,
Your's, to enjoy of Fame they'*//? reward,
May aid the trunk-maker of Paul's Church- Yard;
In the fame alehouses together us'd,
By the fame fingers they may be amus'd;
The greasy snuffers yonr's, perchance, may wipe,
Whilst mincy high honour'd, lights a toper's pip^.
The

Thousands, you blockhead — no one now can doubt it;
For not a foul in London is without it.
The folks were ready C A DELL to devour,
Who fold the firfl edition in an hour.
So! — COURTEN AY'S praises fave you! — ah! that 'Squire
Deals, let me tell you, more in smoke than fire.

What was my marriage, Sir, to you or him f
He tell me what to do! — a pretty whim!
He, tp propriety (the Dealt) resort!
As well might elephants preside at court.
Lord! let the world;o damn my match agree;
Good God! JAMES Bos WELL, what's that <&Q
The folks who paid refj.;e<5ls to Mistress THRALE,
Fed on her pork, poor fouls! and swill'd her ale,
May /£•&?# at Piozzr, nine in ten —
Turn up the nose of scorn — good God! what then?
For me.) the Dev'l may fetch their fouls so great;
They keep their homes, and /, thank God, my meat.
When they, poor owls! Hiall beat their cage, a jail,
I, unconfm'd, mail spread my peacock tail;
Free as the birds of air, enjoy my ease,
Chooft- my own food, and see what climes I please.
/suffer only — if I'm in the wrong:
So, now, you prating puppy, hold your tongue.

For shame! for shame I for Heav'ns fake fatl be quiet—*
Not BILLINGSGATE exhibits such a riot.
Behold, for SCANDAL, you have made a feast,
And turn'd your idol, JOHNSON, to a beast:
'Tis plain that tales of ghosts are arrant lies,
Or instantaneously would JOHNSON rife;
Make you both eat your paragraphs so evil,
And for your treatment of him, play the devil.
Just like two Mohawks on the man you fall;
No murd'rer is worse serv'd at SURGEONS HALL,
Instead of adding fplendour to his name,
Your books are downright gibbets to his fame.
Of those, your anecdotes — may I be curft,
Js I can tell you which of them is worst..
You never with posterity can thrive —
'Tis by the RAMBLER'S death alone you Kvt'i

Like wrens (that in some volume I have read)
Hatch 'd by strange fortune in a horse's head.
Poor Sam was rather fainting in his glory.
But now his fame lies foully dead before ye:
Thus to some dying man (a frequent cafe)
Two Doftors come, and give the coup.de grace.
Zounds, Madam! mind the duties of a wife,
And dream no more of Do6tor JOHNSON'S Life;
A happy knowledge in a pye or pudding
Will more delight your friends than all your studying;
One cut from ven'fon to the heart can speak
Stronger than ten quotations from the Greek;
One fat Sir Loin poflefies more sublime
Than all the airy castles built by rhyme.,
One nipperkin of ftlngo with a toast
Beats all streams the Muses Fount can boast;
Bieft, in one pint of porter, lo! my belly can
Find raptures, not in all the floods of Helicon.
Enough those anecdotes your pow'-rs have shown;
SAM'S Life, dear Ma'am, will only damn your ow«v
For thee, JAMES Bos WELL, may the hand of Fate
Arrest thy goose-quill, and confine thy prate!
Thine egotisms the world disgusted hears —
Then load with vanities no more our ears,
Like some lone puppy, yelping all night long,
That tires the very echoes with his tongue.
Yet, should it lie beyond the pow'rs of Fate
To flop thy pen, and still thy darling prate;
To live in solitude, oh! be thy luck,
A chattering magpie on the Isle of MUCK.
Thus spoke the Judge; then leaping from the chair,
He left, in confirmation loft, the Fair:
Black FRANK * he fought on anecdote to cram,
And vomit fir st f a life of surly SAM.
•f The Knight's volume is reported to be in great forvrnrdnefr, and
liliely to distance his formidable competitors.
Shock'«l

Shock'd at the little manners of the Knight,
The rivals marv'ling mark'd his sudden flight;
Then to their pens and paper rulh'd the twain.
To kill the mangled RAMBLER o'er again.
