15^ 



|^k|) olrlidu ^mill| j[ilir;ir^. 



Prefented to / 

The Cdrneir University, 1870,/ 

G o 1 n w I K Smith, M . A . Ox o n . , 

Regius Profeffor of Hillory in the 
Univerfity of Oxford. 



Date Due 






Cornell University Library 

DC 130.M38T67 1870 




3 1924 028 182 628 




Cornell University 
Library 



The original of tliis book is in 
tine Cornell University Library. 

There are no known copyright restrictions in 
the United States on the use of the text. 



http://www.archive.org/details/cu31924028182628 










8 



> 






^'^ 
<< 






THE 

MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

By MARIUS TOPIN. 

TRANSLATED AND EDITED 

By HENRY VIZETELLY, 

AUTHOR OF 
" THE STORY OF THE DIAMOND NECKLACE." 



' No one must know what has become of this man.*' 

Oriier a/Lauis XIV. 



LONDON: 
SMITH, ELDER AND CO., 15, WATERLOO PLACE. 



v//Yi^ya 



TRANSLATOR'S PREFACE. 



M. Topin's L' Homme au Masque deFer, of which the present 
volume is a translation, has met with considerable attention 
in France, on the part both of historical students and the 
reading public ; several editions of it having been called for 
in the course of a few months. 

That a work which' professes to give an authentic 
account of this almost legendary character, after having 
discussed in an exhaustive fashion the various theories that 
have been broached during a century and a quarter respect- 
ing his mysterious identity, should have been received with 
so large an amount of favour, is not surprising, for the story 
forms perhaps the most romantic episqde of a reign more 
than ordinarily rich in dramatic incidents. But the extent 
of M. Topin's historical knowledge, the painstaking nature 
of his researches, the subtlety of his reasoning, the skill 



iv TRANSLATOR'S PREFACE. 

which he has displayed in the grouping of his materials, 
combined with his life-like pictures of events far from 
commonly familiar, not only render his work highly amusing 
reading, but entitle it to take its place in the library, both 
as an historical study which has resolved beyond all doubt 
a problem that had long perplexed some of the acutest 
minds, and as a valuable contribution towards the history 
of Europe during the latter part of the seventeenth century. 

During the progress of the translation M. Topin's text 
has been carefully revised, and a few errors have been 
corrected. Additional notes, too, have been given when- 
ever the subject-matter seemed to require elucidation, or 
where individuals little known to English readers make 
their appearance on the scene. 

H. V. 

Paris ^ April, 1870. 



AUTHOR'S PREFACE. 



If this book had been intended merely to satisfy a vulgar 
and commonplace curiosity, it would only have consisted of 
a few pages. My aim has been a loftier one. I have 
endeavoured, while concerning myself with the most 
famous and romantic of State-prisoners, to write the history 
of the principal individuals in whom people have beheld 
the Man with the Iron Mask. As regards some of these 
I have been compelled to lay bare the private hfe of 
Louis XIII. and Anne of Austria, and in order to refute 
the accusations with which the memory of this princess has 
been sullied, I have not hesitated to touch upon certain 
delicate points, and to follow her accusers on to the ground 
on which they have carried the discussion. But I have 
imposed upon myself the obligation of always respecting 
my readers, and of influencing their judgment without 
offending their taste. I have traced the others throughout 



vi AUTHOR'S PREFACE. 

their adventurous careers and agitated existences, and some 
of them even through their captivity, spent, sometimes in 
the monotonous inaction of solitude, sometimes with the 
resignation of the sage, or animated more frequently still 
by daring attempts at flight which the incessant vigilance 
of the most scrupulous- of gaolers always foiled. Thus there 
will be found grouped together in this work Louis XIII. 
and Anne of Austria, the seductive Buckingham and the 
affecting Vermandois, the versatile Monmouth and the 
adventurous Beaufort, Lauzun the rash, and Fouquet, 
rendered admirable by his resignation and Christian vir- 
tues, the unfortunate Matthioly, and Saint-Mars, whose 
memory, and even existence, is inseparable from that of 
his prisoners. 

The sole and firm ground-work of this book are the 
materials, for the most part unpublished, to be found in our 
Archives. For the space of two years I have been collect- 
ing them in the different depositories of manuscripts ; and 
at the Ministries as at the Archives of the Empire at the 
Imperial Library as well as at the Arsenal, at the Institute 
as at the Hotel de Ville, I have everywhere met with the 
most cordial reception, the most unreserved liberality, and 
the most invaluable courtesy. It is my duty, and at the same 
time my pleasure, to testify my gratitude to MM. Camille 



AUTHOR'S PREFACE. vii 

Rousset, Gallet de Kulture, Margry, de Beauchesne, 
Lacroix, Ravaisson, Sage, Aude, and Read. The treasures 
of our Archives are not only rendered accessible by the 
goodwill of their Keepers, but are also made easy of con- 
sultation by the order which these gentlemen have intro- 
duced among the profusion of documents by means of 
classifications as clear as they are ingenious. 

I have given in the text the more important documents 
of which I have made use, and in the notes those which are 
of less consequence, whilst I have contented myself with 
indicating the collections where those materials are to be 
found which are altogether of a secondary character. By 
this means the reader will have a complete check upon 
me. Without sacrificing anything of the strictest exactitude 
I have endeavoured to introduce into my account the 
spirit and the action proper to the individuals brought on to 
the scene, and, in a subject at once legendary and historical, 
to represent the faithful drawing of history under the 
seductive colouring of fiction. 

Paris, November 8, 1869. 



CONTENTS. 



INTRODUCTION. 

Page 
Arrival of the Man with the Iron Mask at the Bastille— His Death 
— General Reflections on this celebrated Prisoner — Motives 
vifhich determined the present Writer to make fresh Researches 
concerning him — Plan and Object of the Work i 

CHAPTER I. 

Theory which supposes the Man with the Iron Mask to. have 
been a Brother of Louis XIV. — Voltaire the first to support 
this Theory in his Sihle de Louis XIV. , and in the Diction- 
naire Philosofhique — Certain Improbabilities in his Story — 
Account of the Man with the Iron Mask introduced by Soulavie 
into the Mltnoires Apocryphes du Markhal de Richelieu — The 
three different Hypotheses of the Theory which makes the Man 
with the Iron, Mask a Brother of Louis XIV 9 

CHAPTER II. 

First Hypothesis — Portrait of Buckingham — Causes of his Visit 
to France — Ardour with which he was received — His Passion 
for Anne of Austria — Character of this Princess — Journey to 
Amiens — Scene in the Garden — The Remembrance that Anne 
of Austria preserved of it 20 



X CONTENTS. 

Page 
CHAPTER III. 

Second Hypothesis — First Feelings of Anne of Austria towards 
Louis XIII. — Joy which she experienced on arriving in France 
— First Impressions of Louis XIII. — His Aversion to Spain 
— His Dislilce to Marriage— Austerity of his Manners — His 
persistent Coldness — Means adopted to induce him to consum- 
mate the Marriage — Political Position of Anne of Austria — 
Louis XIII. and Richelieu— Watch kept by the Minister over 
the Queen— The King's Illness at Lyons 3" 

CHAPTER IV. 

Third Hypothesis — Reconciliation of Louis XIII. and Anne of 
Austria — The Queen enceinte for the Fourth Time — Suspi- 
cions with which Royal Births have sometimes been received 
— Precautions adopted in France for the Purpose of avoiding 
these Suspicions — Story of Louis XIV. 's Birth — Impossibility 
of admitting the Birth of a Twin-brother — Richelieu's Absence 
— Uselessness of abducting and concealing this pretended 
Twin-brother 50 

CHAPTER V. 

Motives which hinder one from admitting the Existence, the Arrest, 
and the Imprisonment of a mysterious Son of Anne of Austria 
— The Period at which he is said to have been handed over to 
Saint- Mars, according to the Authors of this Theory, cannot 
be reconciled with any of the Dates at which Prisoners were 
sent to this Gaoler — Other Considerations which formally 
oppose even the Probability of the Theory that makes the Man 
with the Iron Mask a Brother of Louis XIV 58 

CHAPTER VL 

The Count de Vermandois— His Portrait — Mademoiselle de la 
Vallifere, his Mother — Anecdote from the Mimoires Secrets 
pour servir A. fHistoire de Perse — Father Griffet adopts its 
Conclusions — Arguments that he advances — Motives which 
render certain of Mademoiselle de Montpensier's Appreciations 
suspicious — Improbability of the Story in the Mhnoires de Perse 
— Illness of the Count de Vermandois — Reality of his Death 
attested by the most authentic Despatches — Magnificence of 
his Obsequies — Pious Endowments at Arras _ 6=; 



CONTENTS. 



CHAPTER VII. 



Causes which render the Theory probable that makes Monmouth 
the Man with the Iron Mask— Political Position of Monmouth 
— His Portrait — He is persuaded to revolt against his Uncle 
James II. — He lands near Lyme Regis— His first Successes 
— Enthusiasm with which he is received — His premature 
Discouragement — His Defeat at Sedgeraoor — His shameful 
Flight — He is captured and taken to London — Cowardly 
Terrors of the Prisoner^His Interview with James II 85 



CHAPTER VIII. 

Bases on which Saint-Foix has founded his Theory — Disputes of 
Saint-Foix and Father Griffet — The Recollection of Mon- 
mouth becomes Legendary in England — Ballads announcing 
his Return — Indisputable Proofs of Monmouth's Death in 1685 
— Interview of Monmouth with his Wife and Children — He 
is conducted to the Scaffold — His Firmness — The Last Words 
which he utters — Awkwardness of the Executioner 92 



CHAPTER IX. 

Franfois de Vendome, Duke de Beaufort — His Portrait — His 
Conduct during the War of the Fronde — Unimportance of this 
Individual — Motives cited by Lagrange- Chancel in support 
of his Theory — Their Improbability — Reasons which deter- 
mined the Search 'for Proofs that leaive no doubt of Beaufort's 
Death at Candia 103 



CHAPTER X. 

Causes of the Expedition to Candia — Court Intrigue — Turenneand 
the Duke d'Albret — Preparations for the Expedition— Beaufort 
Commands it — Departure of the Fleet — Its Arrival before 
Candia — State of this Island — Description of the Place 
besieged — Last Council of War — Plan of Attack, which is 
fixed for the Middle of the Night of June 24, 1669 — The First 
Movements are successful — Terrible Explosion of the Maga- 
zine of a Battery — Fearful Panic — Roilt of the French — Re- 
embarkation of the Troops — Certainty of Beaufort's Death 113 



xii CONTENTS. 

Page 
CHAPTER XI. 

General Considerations on the Abduction of the Armenian 
Patriarch Avedick— Despatch of the Marquis de Ferriol to 
Constantinople as Ambassador — Difficulties peculiar to this 
Post — Incautious Conduct of some of Ferriol's Predecessors — 
Quiclet's Adventures— Portrait of Ferriol — His Pretensions 
at Constantinople — His Eccentricity of Manner — His Beha- 
viour in Religious Matters — The Armenian Church — Short 
Account of its History — Ardent Desire of the Catholic Mis- 
sionaries to make Converts — Their Imprudence — Ferriol at 
first attempts to repair it — Obstinate Resistance of Father 
Braconnier, a Jesuit — Encroachments and Requirements of 
the Jesuits 128 

CHAPTER XII. 

Avedick— His Origin— His Protector, the Grand Mufti, Feizoulah 
Effendi — The two Churches, schismatic and catholic, exist in 
perfect concord — Fall of Mustapha II. — Death of the Mufti 
— Avedick is deposed and imprisoned ^ The Armenians 
ransom him — Ferriol's persistent Hatred — His stubborn Ani- 
mosity against Avedick — He succeeds in getting him deposed 
a second Time — Avedick's Abduction at Chio — He is im- 
prisoned on board a French Vessel — Incidents of the Voyage 
— Avedick endeavours to give Tidings of his Fate to the World 
— Insuccess of his Attempt — His Arrival at Marseilles 147 

CHAPTER XIII. 

The Chevalier de Taulfe — Hovir he vf as led to believe that Avedick 
vifas the Man vifith the Iron Mask— A clear Proof furnished 
him of the impossibility of his Theory— Taules persists and 
accuses the Jesuit Fathers of Forgery — Examination of 
Dujonca's Journal — Its complete Authenticity and the un- 
affected Sincerity of the Writer cannot be doubted New 

Proofs of this Authenticity and of Dujonca's Exactitude 158 

CHAPTER XIV. 

Avedick is at first confined in the Prisons of the Arsenal From 

Marseilles he is conducted to Mount Saint-Michel — Descrip- 
tion of Mount Saint-Michel — Treatment to which Avedick is 
exposed — His useless Protestations against this Abuse of Force 



CONTENTS. xiii 

Page 
— Universal Emotion excited throughout the East— Complaints 
of the Divan — Ferriol's Impudence — Terrible Reprisals 
practised on the Catholics — False Avedicks — Expedients to 
which Ferriol is reduced — Inquietude of the Roman Court — 
Duplicity of Louis XIV. 's Government — Avedick is transferred 
to the Bastille — Suggestions of which he is the Object — He 
abjures, and is set at Liberty — He dies at Paris in the Rue 
Ferou — Delusive Document drawn up with Reference to this 
Death — Share of Responsibility which attaches to each of the 
Authors of the Abduction 171 

CHAPTER XV. 

Description of Pignerol — Its Past, its Situation — Portrait of Saint- 
Mars — His Scruples and his Integrity — Fouquet's Arrival at 
Pignerol — Brief Account of the Surintendant's Career — His 
Error with regard to Louis XIV., whom he betrays — Causes 
of Fouquet's Fall — His Arrest — His Trial — His Condemna- 
tion — No kind of Obscurity in this Affair 189 

CHAPTER XVI. 

Remark of Pouquet's Mother — The Prisoner's Piety — Danger 
which he escapes at Pignerol — Incessant Supervision over him 
at La Perouse, near Pignerol — Excessive Scruples of Saint- 
Mars^Precautions prescribed by Louvois — Espionage exercised 
over Fouquet by his Servants and his Confessor — Illnesses of 
the Prisoner — He devotes himself entirely to Study and to 
religious Meditations — Works to which he gives himself up — 
His new Motto — Interest which he continues to take in all his 
Relations and in Louis XIV. — Saint-Mars' laconic Answers 208 

CHAPTER XVII. 

Sudden and singular Arrival of Lauzun in Fouquet's Room — The 
latter had known him formerly under the Name of the Marquis 
de Puyguilhem — Lauzun enumerates his Dignities and calls 
himself the King's Cousin — Fouquet believes his Visitor mad 
— Portrait of Lauzun — His Adventures — His Arrival at 
Pignerol — He continues his Visits to Fouquet — The Stories 
he tells him — Noble Conduct of Louis XIV. towards Lauzun 
— Audacious Method employed by the latter to overhear a Con- 
versation between Louis XIV. and Madame de Montespan — 



xiv CONTENTS. 

Page 
Difference between the Conduct of Lauzun and that of Fouquet 
— Lauzun's Outbursts against Saint-Mars — Perplexity of the 
latter — Singular Mode of Surveillance to which he has recourse 
— Progressive amelioration of the Lot of the two Prisoners — 
They receive Permission to see each other — ■ Arrival of 
Fouquet's Daughter at Pignerpl — Misunderstanding between 
Fouquet and Lauzun — Cause of this Misunderstanding 219 

CHAPTER XVIIL 

Theory which makes Fouquet the Man with the Iron Mask — 
Arguments advanced by M. Lacroix — Some to be absolutely 
rejected and some discussed — Fouquet not in possession of a 
dangerous State Secret — Madame de Maintenon — Her Cha- 
racter — Her Youth — Her Relations with Monsieur and Madame 
Fouquet — Her honourable Reserve — The Affair of the Poisons 
— How Fouquet's Name became mixed up in it — Probability 
of his Death being caused by an Attack of Apoplexy — Weak- 
ness of the other Arguments advanced by M. Lacroix — 
Oblivion into which the Surintendant had fallen — Two 
mysterious Arrests 232 

CHAPTER XIX. 

Intervention of the Kings of France in Italy — Policy of Henri II., 
Henri IV., and Louis XIII. — Judicious Conduct of Richeheu 
— Treifty of Cherasco — Menacing Ambition of Louis XIV. — 
Situation of the Court of Savoy on the Death of Charles- 
Emmanuel — Portrait of Charles IV., Duke of Mantua — The 

Marquisate of Montferrat and Casale — The Count .Matthioly 

His political Career — His Character — The Abbe d'Estrades 
and Giuliani— Proposal to cede Casale to Louis XIV. Inter- 
view at Venice between Charles IV. and the Abbe d'Estrades 
—Journey of Matthioly to Versailles— He communicates the 
Project formed to the Enemies of France — How is his Conduct 
to be estimated ? '. 



251 



CHAPTER XX. 

The Regent of Savoy's Perplexity — She discloses Matthioly's Con- 
duct to Louis XIV. — Arrivalof Catinat at Pignerol Arrest of 

the Baron d'Asfeld and his Imprisonment at Milan The Abb^ 

d'Estrades the first to conceive the Project of Matthioly's 



CONTENTS. X 

Pag 



Abduction — Despatches of the Abbe d'Estrade--. detailing the 
Abduction and the Incarceration of Matthioly — Means adopted 
in order to recover the official Documents connected with the 
Negotiation — Mystery surrounding Matthioly's Disappearance 
— His family dispersed, and remaining silent and powerless 267 



CHAPTER XXI. 

Period from which the Theory that makes Matthioly the Man with 
the Iron Mask dates — Numerous Writers who have concerned 
themselves with the Abduction of this Individual — Arguments 
of Reth, Roux-FaziUac, and Delort — M. Jvles Loiseleur — 
His Labours — The Supposition that an obscure Spy was 
arrested in 1681 by Catinat — It cannot be admitted — Grounds 
on which M. Loiseleur rejects the Theory that makes Matthioly 
the Man with the Iron Mask — Soundness of his Reasoning 
and Justness of his Conclusions 293 



CHAPTER XXII. 

The Isles Sainte-Marguerite — Their Appearance — Their Past — 
Various Causes of their Celebrity — How I was led to suppose 
that Matthioly was not taken to Exiles by Saint-Mars — 
Documents which prove him to have been left at Pignerol 
— Obscurity of the two Prisoners transferred to Exiles by 
Saint-Mars — Neither of them could have been the Man with 
the Iron Mask — Removal of the Prisoners of Pignerol to the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite 313 



CHAPTER XXIII. 

Behaviour of Charles IV., Duke of Mantua, towards his ex-Minister 
— His true Sentiments with reference to him — Precautions 
prescribed to Villebois and Lagrade for the Prisoners left by 
Saint-Mars at Pignerol — Change in Louis XI V. 's Position in 
Italy — Transfer of the Pignerol Prisoners to the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite — Instructions given to Marshal de Tesse — Increase 
of Saint-Mars' Watchfulness — Mystery surrounding the three 
Prisoners'— Great Importance of one of them.compared with the 
others — It is he who was the Man with the Iron Mask 332 



xvi CONTENTS. 

Page 
CHAPTER XXIV. 

The Use of a Mask formerly very general — Frequently adopted for 
Prisoners in Italy — Its Employment not difficult in the Case 
of Matthioly — Origin of the Legend of the Man with the 
Iron Mask — As to the Transmission of the Secret from 
King to King — Louis XV. and Louis XVIII. — How it is 
that the Despatches which we have quoted have remained 
unpublished — Concerning the Silence of Saint-Simon — 
Dujonca — Taules' Objection — Louvois' harsh Language — 
Matthioly's Age — Concerning the name of Marchialy — Order 
for Matthioly's Arrest — Arrival of the Duke of Mantua in 
Paris — Conclusion 350 



THE 



MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



INTRODUCTION. 



Arrival of the Man with the Iron Mask at the Bastille — His Death — 
General Reilections on this celebrated Prisoner — Motives which 
determined the present Writer to make fresh Researches con- 
cerning him — Plan and Object of the Work. 

About three o'clock in the afternoon of September i8, 
1698, the Sieur de Saint-Mars, coming from the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite, made his entry into the chateau of the Bastille, 
of which fortress he had just been appointed governor. 
Accompanying him, and borne along in his litter, was a 
prisoner, whose face was covered with a black velvet mask, 
and of whom Saint-Mars, with an escort of several mounted 
men-at-arms, had been the inseparable and vigilant gaoler, 
throughout the long journey from Provence. Saint-Mars 
had halted at Palteau, an estate situated between Joigny 
and Villeneuve-le-Roi, which belonged to him, and for a 
long time the old inhabitants of Villeneuve used to recall 
having seen the mysterious litter traversing in the evening 
the principal street of their town. The" remembrance of 



2 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

this apparition has been perpetuated in the district, and 
the singular incidents characterizing it, related by the 
former to each ViS^ generation, have been handed down to 
our own days. The care taken by Saint-Mars at meal-times 
to keep his prisoner with his back to the windows, the 
pistols which were always to be seen within reach of the 
suspicious gaoler, the two beds which he caused to be 
placed side by side, so many precautions, so much mystery, 
excited the lively curiosity of the assembled peasants, and 
formed an incessant subject of conversation among them. 
At the Bastille, the prisoner was placed in the third room 
south of the Tower of La Bertaudifere, prepared for him by 
the turnkey Dujonca, who, some days previous to his arrival, 
had received a written order to that efifect from Saint-Mars.i 
Five years afterwards, on Tuesday, November 20, 1703, 
at four o'clock in the afternoon, the drawbridge of the for- 
midable fortress was lowered and gave passage to a sad and 
mournful train. A few men, bearing a dead body, having for 
sole escort two subordinate employes of the Bastille, silently 
issued forth and directed their steps towards the cemetery 
of the Church of Saint-Paul. Nothing could be more 
thrilling than the sight of this group gliding along furtively 
under shadow of the falling night. Nothing could be more 

1 Estat de Prisonnies qui sont envoies par VOrdre du Roy & la 
Bastille, d. commenser du mescredy honsiesme du mois d' Octobre que je 
suis entri en possession de la charge de Lieutenant du Roy, en Vannk 
1690, by Dujonca, fol. 37, verso :— Archives of the Arsenal. Letter 
from Barbezieux, Minister of War, to Saint-Mars, dated July 19, 1698 : 
— "You can wiite in advance to His Majesty's lieutenant of this 
chateau to have a chamber ready to receive this prisoner on your arrival. " 
— Unpublished despatch from the Archives of the Ministry of War. 
Traditions collected at Villeneuve-le-Roi. Registers of the Secretary's 
Office of the ICing's'Household. 



INTRODUCTION. 3 

Utterly abandoned, and, in appearance, more obscure, than 
these unknown remains followed by two strangers, in a 
hurry to fulfil their task. Around the grave as, the evening 
before, around the bed of the dying man, there were no 
signs of sorrow or of regret. The prisoner of Provence 
had fallen ill on the Sunday. His illness having suddenly 
increased during the following day, the chaplain of the 
Bastille had been sent for ; too late, however, to allow him 
time to go in quest of the last sacraments, yet still suffi- 
ciently early to enable him to address some rapid and 
common-place exhortations to the dying man. On the 
register of the Church of Saint-Paul he was inscribed under 
the name of Marchialy. At the Bastille he had always 
been known as the Prisoner of Provence.^ 

Such is the mysterious personage who, unknown and 
abandoned to the obscurity of a, prison during the latter, 
part of his existence, became, a few years after his death, 
celebrated throughout the entire world, and the romantic 
and piquant remembrance of whom has, for more than a 
century, charmed the imagination of all, attracted universal 
attention, and exercised uselessly the patience and sagacity 
of so many minds. Become the hero of the most famous 
of legends, he has had the rare privilege of everywhere 
exciting the curiosity of the public, without ever either weary- 
ing or satiating it. At all epochs and among all classes, in 
England, Germany, Italy, as well as France, in our own 

2 Esiat de Prisonnies qui sortet de la Bastille h commenser de honsiesme 
du inois d'Octobre que je suis erUrS en possession, en VannSe 1690, by 
Dujonca, fol. 80, verso : — Archives of the Arsenal. - Registre des 
Baftlnies, Mariages, et Sipultures de la Paroisse de Saint-Paul, s. 1703- 
1705, vol. ii. No. 166 : — Archives of the H6tel de Ville. Registers of 
the Secretary's Office of the King's Household. Imperial Archives. 



4 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

days, as in the time of Voltaire, people have manifested the 
utmost anxiety to penetrate the secret of this long im- 
prisonment. Napoleon I. greatly regretted not being able 
to satisfy this desire. ^ Louis Philippe, too, discussed this 
problem, the solution of which he acknowledged himself 
ignorant of ; * and, if other sovereigns ^ have pretended they 
were acquainted with it, their contradictory statements lead 
us to believe that they were no better informed, but that in 
their eyes the knowledge and transmission of the dark secret 
ought to be counted among the prerogatives of the crown. 

In the long list of writers whom the Man with the Iron 
Mask, the sphinx of our history, has attracted and tempted, 
are many illustrious names, as well as some less known 
now-a-days. During thirty years, Voltaire, Frdron, Saint- 
Foix, Lagrange -Chancel, and Father Grififet took part in a 
brilliant joust, in which each of the adversaries succeeded a 
great deal better in overthrowing his opponent's opinions 
than in securing the triumph of his own. 

Many times, and in our own days even, has the debate 
been resumed, then momentarily abandoned, then recom- 
menced again. Far and near new theories have been 
broached, invariably supported by vague and weak proofs, 
and soon overthrown by strong and valid objections. Fifty- 
two writers ^ have by turns endeavoured to throw light upon 

* Souvenirs de la Dttchesse d'' Abrantis, recueillis par M. Paul 
Lacroix (Bibliophile Jacob). 

* I am indebted for this information to the kindness of M. Guizot. 

6 Especially Louis XVIII., whose language is in complete disaccord 
with that of Louis XV. But I shall refer to this point of debate hereafter. 

6 Voltaire, Prosper Marchand, Baron de Crunyngen, Armand de la 
Chapelle, Chevalier de Mouhy, Duke de Nivernais, La Beaumelle, 
Lenglet-Dufresnoy, Lagrange-Chancel, Freron, Saint-Foix, Father 
Griifet, Hume, De Paltaau, Sandraz de Courtilz, Constantin de Renne- 



INTRODUCTION. 5 

this question, but without sucdess ; and it can be affirmed 
that a century of controversy and of exertion has not yet 
dissipated the mysterious gloom in which Saint-Mars' cele- 
brated prisoner is enveloped. 

So many successive checks, by still further stimulating 
curiosity, have caused it to be believed that it was impos- 
sible to arrive at an incontestable and definitive result. 
Every new explanation having been victoriously repelled 
almost as soon as started, people have despaired of ever 
attaining the truth, and some have even gone so far as to 
proclaim it as being beyond human reach. "The story of 
the Iron Mask," says M. Michelet,^ " will probably for ever 
remain obscure," " The Man with the Iron Mask will very 
likely always be an insoluble problem," has been said else- 
where ; 8 and M. Henri Martin declares that " history has 
not the right of pronouncing an opinion on what will never 
emerge from the domain of conjecture." » 

If different methods of procedure had been adopted by 
the numerous writers who have attempted the solution of 
this problem, I should not have had the temerity to have 
added to their number; but an attentive study of their 

ville. Baron d'Heiss, Senac de Meilhan, De la Borde, Soulavie, Linguet, 
Marquis de Luchet, Anquetil, Father Papon, Malesherbes, Dulaure, 
Chevalier de Taules, Chevalier de Cubi^res, Carra, Louis Dutens, 
Abbe Barthelemy, Quintin Craufurd, De Saint Mihiel, Bouche, 
Champfort, Millin, Spittler, Roux-Fazillac, Regnault-Warin, Weiss, 
Delort, George Agar Ellis, Gibbon, Auguste Billiard, Dufay, Bibliophile 
Jacob, Paul Lecointre, Letouraeur, Jules Loiseleur, De Bellecombe, 
Merimee, Sardou ; vifithout counting the writers of general history, such 
as S. Sismondi, Henri Martin, Michelet, Camille Rousset, Depping, 
and all who have written articles on this question in cyclopaedias. 
' Histoire de France, vol. xii. p. 435. 

8 Art de Verifier les Dates, vol. vi. p. 292. 

9 Histoire de France, vol. xiv. p. 564. 



6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

writings shows that they have all taken the same point of 
departure, and that they have all given themselves up to a 
single idea. All have kept fixed in their minds this observa- 
tion of Voltaire's :— " What redoubles one's astonishment is, 
that at the time when this prisoner was sent to the. Isles 
Sainte-Marguerite, no important personage had disappeared 
from Europe." i" 

All have asked themselves if there really did not dis- 
appear from Europe some important personage, and they 
have immediately set themselves to discover some person of 
consideration, no matter who, that had disappeared during 
the period extending from 1662 to 1703. When by the aid 
of the very faintest resemblance they have fancied they 
have found their hero, they have forthwith adapted the 
mask of black velvet to him, and have seen in him the 
famous dead of November 20, 1703. Erecting their con- 
jecture into a theory, they have become ardent propa- 
gators of it, and have adopted all that told in its favour 
with the same readiness with which they have ener- 
getically denied all that happened to be opposed to it. 
When the list of missing illustrious men belonging to this 
period was exhausted, certain writers, sooner than renounce 
seeing the Man with the Iron Mask in some person still 
alive in 1706, have had no other expedient than to delay for 
several years the death of Saint-Mars' prisoner, in order not 
to abandon so dear a discovery." 

But many of these ingenious and inventive writers acted 
in good faith. Not perceiving the defects in their pleading, 

10 Voltaire, Siide de Louis XIV., p. 289. 

11 M. de Taules, for instance, a partisan of the theory which makes 
Avedick, the patriarch of Constantinople, the Man with the Iron Mask, 
and to which I shall refer in the after-part of this book. 



INTRODUCTION. 7 

they only considered its feeblest parts, and in default of 
making a grea:t number 6f converts, they invariably ended, 
as is easy enough, by convincing themselves. 

Persuaded of the unsatisfactory nature of a method of 
procedure which had always produced such ephemeral 
results, I have thought that, extraordinary means having 
proved so inefficacious, more simple ones might perhaps 
lead to a new solution, (yet one hardly dared hope for it, 
when twenty-five hypotheses had already been put forward) 
— to a solution at once decisive, to an absolute conviction, 
to the certainty of not having to apprehend from the reader 
either doubt or objection. Commencing the study of this 
question without any fixed opinion, and with the firm 
resolution of seeking only the truth, I set about collecting 
from the whole of our archives authentic despatches relating 
to the State prisoners under Louis XIV. from the year 1660 
to 1 7 10. Without pre-occupying myself with the Ministers 
who signed them, or the prisoners whom they concerned; 
without limiting my researches to Saint-Mars, Pignerol, the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite, or the Bastille, I arranged these 
despatches, of which more than three hundred are unpub- 
lished, in order of their dates. They then lent a material 
assistance ; some explained others, and from this long and 
minute inquiry, slowly pursued through heaps of documents, 
has resulted, I hope, a definitive solution. 

It was expedient this solution should be obtained. '* -In 

12 About a year ago {Moniteur of September 30, 1868) Apropos of 
the fine collection of unpublished documents given to the world by 
M. Ravaisson, under the title of Archives de la Bastille, M. de Lescure 
expressed a wish to see this question definitively settled. I had been 
occupying myself with it for a considerable period, though not without 
having satisfied myself that the learned conservator of the Arsenal 



8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

this century, when the historian's resources are increased ( 
by the progress in certain sciences, by so many spectacles 
ofifered as an instruction to his fruitful meditations, by a 
more complete knowledge of institutions and facts, by the 
facility afforded of penetrating into collections which it had 
been believed would remain for ever inaccessible to in- 
vestigators — in this century, which is literally the century 
of history, it behoved us not to leave in our annals, without 
solving it, a problem which had so frequently attracted 
the attention of foreigners. It is this which determined me 
to undertake a task which some may consider more curious 
than important. But to the interest peculiar to this subject 
has to be added that which is attached to the principal 
persons in whom by turns people have seen the prisoner of 
Saint-Mars. Before bringing on the scene the true Man 
with the Iron Mask, I shall examine rapidly, and with the 
aid of unpublished documents, the illustrious usurpers of 
this fomantic title, so that this work may serve, not only to 
satisfy a trivial curiosity, but also to throw a new light upon 
some of the most singular points of the inner history of our 
country. 



Archives contemplated no work on the Man with the Iron Mask, in 
continuation of his publication, not yet brought down to the epoch of 
the entry into the Bastille of this famous prisoner. Among con- 
temporary authors, besides M. Paul Lacroix (Bibliophile Jacob), who in 
1846 supported the theory that made Fouquet the celebrated prisoner, 
M. Jules Loiseleur, in the Revtie Contemporaine of July 31, 1867, and 
M. de Bellecombe, in the Investigateur of May, 1868, have maintained, 
as the result of their Istbours, that the Man with the Iron Mask was an 
unknown and obscure spy, whose name would never be ascertained. 
We shall recur to the two studies of MM. Lacroix and Loiseleur, of 
which one is very ingenious, and the other exhibits a penetrating^ 
sagacity, while both display a varied and trustworthy erudition. 



( 9 ) 



CHAPTER I. 

Theory which supposes the Man with the Iron Mask to have been a 
Brother of Louis XIV. — Voltaire the first to support this Theory 
in his Siicle de Louis XIV. , and in the Dictioimaire Philosophique 
— Certain Improbabilities in his Story — Account of the Man with 
the Iron Mask introduced by Soulavie into the Memoires Apocryphes 
du Marichal de Richelieu — The three different Hypotheses of the 
Theory which makes the Man with the Iron Mask a Brother of 
Louis XIV. 

Among the numerous theories which attempt to explain the 
existence of the Man with the Iron Mask, i some have been 

' We shall speak of these briefly further on. We believe it useless 
to mention, otherwise than in a short note, the opinion of those who, 
despairing of finding the solution of the Man with the Iron Mask, 
have taken upon themselves to deny his existence. All the documents 
which we have just cited (official despatches of the Ministry of War, 
Dujonca's Journal, &c. &c. ) clearly establish the fact that a prisoner 
was sent with Saint-Mars to the Bastille in 1698, and that he died there 
in 1703, without any one ever having known his name. The silence of 
the Menwires de Saint-Simon, which is very thoughtlessly evoked in 
support of the theory in question, will be explained very naturally in the 
course of this work. Neither is there any need to enlarge upon an opinion 
put forward a short time since in certain journals, which makes the 
Man with the Iron Mask a son of Louis XIV. and the Duchess of 
Orleans. This opinion, which there is nothing whatever to prove, 
which rests upon no document, nor even upon any historical fact, is, 
moreover, set forth in an article filled with errors. The only cause of 
the disgrace of the Marquis de Vardes, exiled to his government of 
Aigues-Mortes, was an intrigue in which he played an important part. 



10 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

imagined so carelessly, conceived with so much haste, ana 
supported in so loose a manner, that they are not worthy 
of a serious examination, and simply to mention them will 
suffice to do them justice. But there are others, due to 
an ingenious inspiration, and sustained with incontestable 
talent, which, without being true, have at least many 
appearances of being so. Among others, the most devoid 
of proofs, but also the most romantic, is that which makes 
the Man with the Iron Mask a brother of Louis XIV. 
"There are many things which everybody says because 
they have been said once," remarks Montesquieu.^ This 
is especially true of things which border on the extra- 
ordinary and the marvellous. So, there are few persons' 
who, on hearing the Man with the Iron Mask mentioned, do 
not immediately evoke a brother of Louis XIV. Whether 
the result of an intrigue between Anne of Austria and the 
Duke of Buckingham,' or a legitimate son of Louis XIII. 

and which had for its object the overthrow of Mademoiselle de la 
Valli^re and the substitution of another mistress for her. As to the 
death of the Duchess of Orleans, it is now demonstrated that it was 
not due to poison. M. Mignet, in his Nlgociations Relatives h la Suc- 
cession (fEspagne (vol. iii. p. zo6), was tlie first to deny this poisoning, 
relying principally on a very conclusive despatch from Liornie to Colbert, 
of the 1st July, 1670. Since then, M. Littr^, in the second number of 
La Philosophie Positive, has incontestably established by the examination 
of the procis-verbaux, and of all the circumstances relating to the death 
ofHenrietta of England, that it must be attributed to an internal disease, 
unknown to the physicians of that period. [The Duchess of Orleans 
here referred to is Henrietta-Maria, youngest daughter of Charles I. of 
England, who married Philip, younger brother of Louis XIV., and 
first Duke of the existing branch of the House of Orl&ns. — 7Va«f.] 

^ Grandeur et Dicadence des Romains, chap. iv. 

" The grave English historian, David Hume, has re-echoed this 
theory, supported also by the Marquis de Luchet, in his Remarques sur 
le Masque de Per, 1783. 



SUGGESTED TO BE A BROTHER OF LOUIS XIV. ii 

and twin brother of Louis XIV., matters little to popular 
imagination. These are but different branches of a system 
which is profoundly engrafted in the public mind, and which 
it will not be unprofitable to overthrow separately, since it 
has still innumerable partisans, and touches upon the rights, 
moreover, the Bourbons have had to the throne of France. 

By whom was this widely-spread opinion first put forward ? 
And by whom has it been revived in our own days ? What 
proofs, or, at least, what probabilities are invoked in its 
support ? On what recollections, on what writings, is such a 
supposition based ? Does it agree with official documents ? 
Is it in accord with the character of Anne of Austria or with 
that of Louis XIII ? Is it founded on reason ? 

First Voltaire,* in his Sikk de Louis XIV., published in 
1751, wrote the following lines, destined to excite a lively 
attention and to start a theory which he only completed in 
his Didionnaire Philosophique : — 

"Some months after the death of Mazarin," he says, 
" an event occurred which has no parallel, and what is no 
less strange, all the historians have ignored it. There was 
sent with the greatest secresy to the chateau of the Isle 
Sainte-Marguerite, in the Sea of Provence, an unknown 
prisoner, above the average height, and of a most handsome 
and noble countenance. This prisoner, on the journey, 



4 The Memoires Secrets pour servir & fHistoire de Perse, Amster- 
dam, 174S, had already revealed the existence of Saint-Mars' prisoner, 
and maintained that he was the Duke de Vermandois, a natural son of 
Louis XIV. and Mademoiselle de la VaUiere. We shall recur to them 
when considering this theory, in the same way as we shall speak, 
with reference to the principal theories put fonvard, of the works which 
have discussed them, without regard to the period at which they have 
appeared. 



12 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

wore a mask, the chin-piece of which was furnished with 
steel springs, which left him free to eat with the mask 
covering his face. Orders had been given to kill him if 
he should remove it. He remained in the island till a 
confidential officer, named Saint-Mars, governor of Pignerol, 
having been appointed governor of the Bastille in 1690, 
went to fetch him in the Isle Sainte-Marguerite and con- 
ducted him to the Bastille, always masked. The Marquis 
de Louvois went to see him in this island before his 
removal, and spoke to him standing, and with a con- 
sideration which betokened respect. This unknown indi- 
vidual was taken to the Bastille, where he was lodged as 
well as he could be in the chateau. Nothing that he aske(f 
for was refused him. His greatest liking was for linen of 
an extraordinary fineness and for lace ; he played on the 
guitar. He had the very best of everything, and the 
governor rarely sat down in his presence. An old doctor 
of the Bastille, who had often attended this singular .man 
in his illnesses, has stated that he never saw his face, 
although he had examined his tongue and the rest of his 
body. He was admirably made, said this doctor ; his skin 
was rather brown : he interested one by the mere tone of 
his voice, never complaining of his state, and not letting it 
be understood who he could be. This stranger died in 
1703, and was interred during the night in the parish 
church of Saint-Paul. What redoubles one's astonishment 
is that at the period when he was sent to the Isle Sainte- 
Marguerite, there had disappeared from Europe no impor- 
tant personage. This prisoner was without doubt one, 
since this is what occurred shortly after his arrival in the 
island : — The governor himself used to place the dishes on 



VOLTAIRE'S RECITALS. 13 

the table, and then to withdraw after having locked him in. 
One day, the prisoner wrote with a knife on a silver plate, 
and threw the plate out of the window towards a boat which 
was on the shore, almost at the foot of the tower. A fisher- 
man, to whom the boat belonged, picked up the plate and 
carried it to the governor. He, astonished, asked the fisher- 
man : ' Have you read what is written on this plate, and has 
any one seen it in your possession ? ' ' I do not know how 
to read,' answered the fisherman ; ' I have just found it, and 
nobody has seen it.' The peasant was detained until the 
governor had ascertained that he could not read, and that 
the plate had been seen by nobody. ' Go,' he then said to 
him, ' you are very lucky not to know how to read ! ' " * 

The following is the explanation by which, in his 
Dictionnaire Philosophique, Voltaire, under his editor's 
name, afterwards completed this first story : " The Man 
with the Iron Mask was doubtless a brother, and an elder 
brother of I/Ouis XIV., whose mother had that taste for 
fine linen on which M. de Voltaire relies. It was from 
reading the Memoires of the period which relate this 
anecdote concerning the Queen, that, recollecting this 
very taste of the Man with the Iron Mask, I no longer 
doubted that he was her son, of which all the other cir- 
cumstances had already convinced me. It is known that 
Louis XIII. had not lived with the Queen for a considerable 
time, and that the birth of Louis XIV. was only due to a 
lucky chance." Voltaire proceeds to relate that previous 
to the birth of Louis XIV., Anne of Austria had been 
delivered of a son of whom Louis XIII. was not the 



6 Slide de Louis XIV., chap. xxv. 



14 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

father, and that she had confided the secret of his birth 
to Richelieu : he then goes on to say, — " But the Queen 
and ■ the Cardinal, equally penetrated with the necessity 
of hiding the existence of the Man with the Iron Mask 
from Louis XIII., had him brought up in secresy. 
This was unknown to Louis XIV. until the death of the 
Cardinal de Mazarin. But this monarch, learning then 
that he had a brother, and an elder brother, whom his 
mother could not disavow, who, moreover, perhaps had 
characteristic features which betokened his origin, and 
reflecting that this child, born during marriage, could not, 
without great inconvenience and a horrible scandal, be 
declared illegitimate after Louis XIII. 's death, may have 
considered that he could not make use of wiser and better 
means to assure his own security and the tranquillity of the 
State than those which he employed, means which dis- 
pensed with his committing a cruelty which policy would 
have represented as being necessary to a monarch less 
conscientious and less magnanimous than Louis XIV." ^ 

What improbabiUties, what contradictions, what errors 
accumulated in a few pages ! This unknown, whom no 
one, not even his doctor, has ever seen unmasked, has his 
face described as "handsome and noble;" Saint-Mars, 
named governor of the Bastille in 1690, and traversing the 
whole of France in order to fetch a prisoner, for whom 
during eight-and-twenty years another gaoler had sufficed ; 
this mask with steel springs covering day and night the 
face of the unknown without affecting his health; this 
resignation which prevented his complaining of his position 

" Voltaire, Dktionnaire Philosopliique, vol. i. p. 375, 376. Edition of 
1771. 



IMPROBABILITIES IN VOLTAIRE S ACCOUNT. 15 

and which did not allow him to give any one a glimmering 
as to who he was, and this eagerness to throw out of his 
window silver plates on which he had written his name ; 
this peculiar taste for fine linen, which Anne of Austria 
also possessed, and which revealed his origin ; this haste on 
her part to confess her adultery to her enemy, the Cardinal 
de Richelieu ; the Queen of France making only the Prime 
Minister the confidant of her confinement ; and these two 
events, the birth and the abduction of a royal child, so well 
concealed that no contemporary memoir makes mention of 
them : such are the reflections which immediately suggest 
themselves on reading this story. 

No less improbable, and more romantic still, is the 
fictitious account given by the governor himself of the Man 
with the Iron Mask, and which Soulavie has introduced into 
the apocryphal memoirs of the. Marshal de Richelieu.'' 
" The unfortimate prince whom I have brought up and 
guarded to the end of my days," says the governor,^ " was 
bom 5th September, 1638, at half-past eight in the evening, 
while the King was at supper. His brother, now reigning 
(Louis XIV.), was born at twelve in the morning, during 
his father's dinner. But while the birth of the King was 
splendid and brilliant, that of his brother was sad and care- 



' Ixjndon, 1790. It is, known that Soulavie used the notes and 
papers of the Marshal de Richelieu with such bad faith, that the Duke 
de Fronsac launched an energetic protest against his father's ex- 
secretary. 

8 "Account of the birth and education of the unfortunate prince 
removed by the Cardinals Richelieu and Mazarin from society, and 
imprisoned by order of Louis XIV., composed by the governor of the 
prince on his deathbed. " (Memoires du Markhal de Richelieu, vol. iii. 
chap. 4.) 



i6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

fully concealed. Louis XIII. was warned by the midwife 
that the Queen would have a second delivery, and this 
double birth had been announced to him a long time pre- 
viously by two herdsmen, who asserted in Paris that if the 
Queen was brought to bed of two Dauphins, it would be the 
consummation of the State's misfortune. The Cardinal de 
Richelieu, consulted by the King, replied that, if the Queen 
should bring twin sons into the world it would be neces- 
sary to carefully hide the second, because he might one day 
wish to be King. Louis XIII. was consequently patient in 
his uncertainty. When the pains of the second labour com- 
menced, he Was overwhelmed with emotion." The Queen 
is delivered of a second child "more delicate and more 
handsome than the first." The midwife is charged with 
him, " and the Cardinal afterwards took upon himself the 
education of this Prince who was destined to replace the 
Dauphin if the latter should die. As for the shepherds 
who prophesied on the subject of Anne of Austria's con- 
finement, the governor did not hear them spoken of any 
more, whence he concludes that the Cardinal found a 
means of sending them away." 

" Dame Pdronnette, the midwife, brought the Prince up 
as her own son, and he passed for being the bastard of some 
great lord of the time. The Cardinal confided him later to tlie 
governor to educate him as a King's son, and this governor 
took him into Burgundy to his own house. The Queen- 
mother seemed to fear that if the birth of this young 
Dauphin should be discovered, the malcontents would 
revolt, because many doctors think that the last-born of 
twin brothers is really the elder, and therefore King by 
right. Nevertheless, Anne of Austria could not prevail 



so ULA VIES FICTITIO US NARRA TIVE. 1 7 

upon herself to destroy the documents which established 
this birth. The Prince, at the age of nineteen, became 
acquainted with this State secret by searching in a casket 
belonging to his governor, in which he discovered letters 
from the Queen and the Cardinals de Richelieu and 
Mazarin. But, in order better to assure himself of his 
true condition, he asked for portraits of the late and present 
Kings. The governor replied that what he had were so bad 
that he was waiting for better ones to be painted, in order 
to place them in his apartment. The young man proposed 
to go to Saint-Jean de Luz, where the court was staying, on 
account of the King's marriage with the Spanish Infanta, and 
compare himself with his brother. His governor detained 
him, and no longer quitted his side. 

" The young Prince was then handsome as Cupid, and 
Cupid was very useful to him in getting him a portrait of his 
brother, for a servant with whom he had an intrigue pro- 
cured him one. The Prince recognized himself, and rushed 
to his governor, exclaiming, ' This is my brother, and here 
is what I am ! ' The governor despatched a messenger to 
court to ask for fresh instructions. The order came to 
imprison them both together." 9 

" It is at last known, this secret which has excited so 
lively and so general a curiosity ! " 1° says Champfort, in 

' This story is closely reproduced in Grimm's Correspondence, on 
the assumed authority of an original letter from the Duchess de 
Modena, daughter of the Regent d'Orleans, said to have been found by 
M. de la Borde, a former valet-de-chambre of Louis XV., among the 
papers of Marshal Richelieu, who was the Duchess's lover. — See Co- 
rapondance LittSraire, Fhilosofhique, &=€., de Grunen et de Diderot, 
vol. xiv., pp. 419-23. Paris, 1831. — Trans. 

1" yiercure de France. 



i8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

noticing these fictitious Memoires du Markhal de Richelieu. 
This implacable and sceptic railer allowed himself to be 
really seduced by this interpretation. Many others were 
convinced with him, which exonerates them ; and the 
version given by Voltaire was rather neglected for that 
of Soulavie. 

In our own days, the theory which makes the Man 
with the Iron Mask a brother of Louis XIV. has been 
supported by four writers, who have powerfully contributed 
to revive it, and render it more popular still. The first two, 
by transferring to the stage," and the third, by weaving 
into the plot of one of his most ingenious romances '^ the 
pathetic fate of the mysterious prisoner, have sought less 
to instruct than to interest their readers, and have com- 
pletely succeeded in the purpose they had in view. The 
fourth writer, who, with MM. Fournier, Arnould, and 
Alexandre Dumas, has adopted the romantic theory, is 
an historian, M. Michelet^^ 

Before showing that this pretended brother of Louis XIV. 
could not be the unknown prisoner brought by Saint-Mars 
to the Bastille in 1698, let us seek when and how this theory 
could have been started, and, to the end that the refutation 
may be complete and definitive, let us see if his birth is not 



11 Le Masque de Fer of MM. Arnould and Foumier, played with 
great success at the Odeon Theatre in 1831. 

12 Le Vicomte de Bragelonne, by Alexander Dumas. 

'' Histoire de France, vol. xii. p. 435. "If Louis XVI. told 
Marie-Antoinette that nothing was any longer known about him, it is 
because, understanding her well, he had little desire of this secret being 
sent to Vienna. Very probably the child was an elder brother of 
Louis XIV., and his birth obscured the question (important to them) 
of knowing if their ancestor, Louis XIV., had reigned legitimately." 



DIFFERENT EPOCHS ASSIGNED FOR HIS BIRTH. 19 

as imaginary as his adventures. There are three dates as- 
signed for this birth — in 1625, after the visit to France of 
the Duke of Buckingham, who has been considered as the 
father of the Man with the Iron Mask; in 163 1, a few months 
after the grave illness of Louis XIII., which caused the 
accession to the throne of his brother, Gaston of OrWans, to 
be feared; and lastly, September 5, 1638, a few hours after 
Louis XIV. came into the world. 1* 

If, in this searching examination, we touch upon delicate 
points — if, in order to destroy the unjust accusations with 
which the memory of Anne of Austria has been defaced, 
we penetrate deeply into the details of her private life and 
that of her royal husband — we are drawn thither by .those 
who, by carrying the debate on to this ground, compel us to 
follow them. We shall unhesitatingly touch upon each of 
the memories which they have not feared to recall, and 
nothing will be omitted that can throw light upon our proof. 
We shall, nevertheless, strive not to forget what is due to 
our readers, and the necessity of convincing them will not 
make us negligent of the obligation we are under of respect- 
ing them. 

" I shall not examine in detail the hypothesis which makes him a 
child of Anne of Austria and Mazarin, since it is abandoned even by 
those who are the most eager to see a brother of Louis XIV. in 
the prisoner. " It is doubtful," says M. Michelet, " if the prisoner had 
been a younger brother of Louis XIV., a son of the Queen and Mazarin, 
whether the succeeding kings would have kept the secret so well." 
Moreover, the general arguments which I shall advance in Chapter V. 
will apply equally to o. son of Mazarin, of Buckingham, or of 
Louis XIII. 



THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER II. 

First Hypothesis— Portrait of Buckingliam— Causes of his Visit to 
France— Ardour with which he was received — His Passion for Anne 
of Austria— Character of this Princess— Journey to Amiens— Scene 
in the Garden— The Remembrance that Anne of Austria preserved 
of it. 

The Duke of Buckingham, chaiged by Charles I. with 
conducting Henrietta-Maria, the new Queen of England, 
to London, arrived in Paris, May 24, 1625.1 This brilliant 
and audacious nobleman, who had known how to become 
and to remain the ruling favourite of two kings utterly dif- 
ferent in character and mind, and who, from a very humble 
position, had raised himself to the highest posts in the 
State, enjoyed throughout the whole of Europe the most 
striking renown. He owed it, however, less to the favours 
with which James I. had loaded him, and which his son 
had continued, than to his attractive qualities and his 
romantic adventures. All that Nature could bestow of 
grace, charm, and the power of pleasing, he had received 
in profusion. Deficient in the more precious gifts which 
retain, he possessed all those which attract. He was well 
made, had a very handsome countenance,'' was of a proud 

1 Mercure Fran^ais, 1625, pp. 365, 366. 
' Mlmoires de Madame de MotUville, p. 15. 



DESCRIPTION OF THE DUKE OF BUCKINGHAM. 21 

bearing without being haughty, and knew how to aflfect, 
according to circumstances, the emotion which he wished to 
communicate to others, but did not feel himself. During 
a long stay in France, he had succeeded in rendering 
exquisite those manners which were naturally delicate, and 
had become accomplished in all the arts which display the 
elegance of the body. He excelled in arms, showed himself 
a clever horseman, and danced with a rare perfection. The 
adventurous visit to Spain which he had made with the 
Prince of Wales ^ had increased his reputation for elegant 
frivolity, and the successes which his good looks and 
audacity had secured him made people forget the defects 
of the incautious negotiator. Already extravagant during 
his early poverty, he dissipated his fortune as if he had 
always lived in the opulence for which he seemed born, 
displaying a magnificence and a pomp unknown in a like 
degree before his time. Moreover, volatile and presump- 
tuous, as inconstant as pliant, without profundity in his 
views, without connection in his projects, clever in maintain- 
ing himself in power, but disastrous to the sovereigns whom 
he governed, ~by turns insolently familiar and irresistibly 
attractive, sometimes admired by the crowd for his supreme 
distinction, at others execrated for his fatal authority, not 
low but impetuous in his caprices, not knowing either how 
to foresee or to accept an obstacle, and sacrificing every- 
thing to his fancy, he possessed none of the qualities of 



' The Prince of Wales had been on the point of espousing the 
Infanta Maria, Anne of Austria's sister, and had proceeded to Spain 
with Buckingliam, in order to hasten the conclusion of this project. 
See the very interesting Story of this negotiation in M. Guizot's Un 
Projet de Mariage Royal. 



22 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

the statesman although he may have had all those which 
iCharacterize the courtier. 

He was expected, and was received in Paris with 
the most eager curiosity. " M. de Buckingham," wrote 
Richelieu to the Marquis d'Effiat, "will find in, me the 
friendship which he might expect from a true brother who 
will render him all the services which he could desire of 
any one in the world,"* and Louis XIII. caused to be said 
to, him, " I assure you that you will not be considered 
a stranger here, but a true Frenchman, since you are one 
in heart, and have shown in this marriage negotiation 
such uniform affection forltlie welfare and service of the 
two crowns, that I think as much of it, so far as I am 
concerned, as ^lie King your master. You will be very 
welcome here, and you will have access to me on all 
occasions."^ 

From the day of his arrival, Buckingham really showed 
himself "a true Frenchman" by his manner of behaving, 
by the ease and freedom of his movem^ts. " He entered 
the court," says La Rochefoucauld, " with more splendour, 
grandeur, and magnificence than if he were King." ^ Eight 
great lords and four-and-twenty knights accompanied him. 
Twenty gentlemen and twelve pages were attached to his 
person, and his entire suite was composed of six or seven 
hundred pages or attendants.^ " He had all the treasures 

* Collection of Unpublished Documents concerning the History of 
France. Letires et Papiers d'Etat du Cardinal de liicheUeu, published 
by M. Avenel, vol. ii. p. 55. 

^ Ibid. vol. ii. p. 71. 

^ Mhnoires de la Rockefoucaidd, p. 340, 

' Hardwicke [State Papers), vol. i. p. 571. Documents quoted in 
M. Guizot's work already cited, p. 332. 



BUCKINGHAM AT THE FRENCH COURT. 23 

of the Crown of England to expend, and all its jewels to 
wear." 8 He alighted at the splendid Hotel de Luynes 
in the Rue Saint-Thomas-du-Louvre, which was then 
called the Hotel de Chevreuse, "the most richly furnished 
hotel which France at present possesses,'' says the Mercure, 
and for several days the people of Paris were dazzled by 
the extraordinary luxury displayed by the ostentatious 
1 foreigner. 9 The admiration at the court was quite as 
lively, and Buckingham there pushed liberality to extra- 
vagance. Each of his sumptuous costumes was covered 
with pearls and diamonds intentionally fastened on so 
badly that a great number fell off, which the duke refused 
to receive when they were brought to him. His pro- 
digality, the importance of his mission, the seductiveness 
which enveloped his past life, and the amiability which he 
invariably displayed, his title of foreigner which rendered 
his perfectly French manners more piquant, that art of 
pleasing which was so easy to him, all contributed to make 
him alike the hero both of the town and of the court. 

Giddy with a success which surpassed even his expecta- 
tions, and dazzled by the splendour which he shed around 
him, he saw only the Queen of France worthy of his 
homage, and suddenly conceived for her the most vehement 
passion. Too frivolous to bury this sentiment in his heart> 
he displayed it with complacency, and his temerity increased 
with his ostentation. Anne of Austria was a Spaniard and 
a coquette. She understood gallantry such as her country- 
women had learned it from the Moors — that gallantry 

8 Mimoires de Madame de Motteville, p. 16. Mercure Fratifais, 
1625, p. 366. 

" Mercure Franfait, ibid. 



24 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

"which permits men to entertain without criminal inten- 
tions tender sentiments for women ; which inspires in them 
fine actions, liberality, and all kinds of virtue. " ^ " She 
did not consider," says one who best knew Anne of Austria, 
" that the fine talk, which is ordinarily called honest gal- 
lantry, where no particular engagement is entered into, could 
ever be blamable." ^^ 

So she tolerated with indulgence and without astonish- 
ment a passion congenial to her recollections of her country 
and her youth, and which, while flattering her self-esteem, 
did not at all shock her virtue. She received this homage 
of vanity with the complacency of coquetry, knowing 
herself to be most beautiful, most powerful, and most 
worthy of being loved. On Buckingham's side there was 
indiscreet persistence, multiplied signs of being in love, 
and eagerness to be near her; on hers, timid encouragement, 
gentle sternness, severity and pardon by turns in her looks 
appeared to Anne of Austria the natural and ordinary in- 
cidents of a gallantry where neither her honour nor even 
her reputation seemed exposed to any peril. Moreover, 
jf numerous festivities gave them frequent opportunities 
of seeing one another, the court being always present at 
the many interviews of the Ambassador with the Queen, 
restrained and embarrassed the enterprising audacity of 
the one, but entirely justified the confidence of the 
other. 

"^ Mhnoires de Madame de Motteville, p. l8. "In our time," adds 
Madame de Motteville, ' ' there has existed what the Spaniards call 
fucezas." "This word," remarks the commentator on these Memoirs, 
" appears to come from huso, a distaff. It seems to express the idea of 
spinning love." 

" Md. 



GARDEN SCENE AT AMIENS. 25 

After a week devoted to ballets, banquets, and feats of 
horsemanship, the wife of Charles I. set out on June 2 for 
England, conducted by the Duke of Buckingham, the Earls 
of Holland and Carlisle, and the Duke and Duchess de 
Chevreuse. Louis XIII., who was ill, remained at Com- 
pibgne ; but Anne of Austria, as well as Marie de Medicis, 
accompanied by a great number of French lords, proceeded 
to Amiens. There the brilliant assemblies recommenced, 
and the Duke de Chaulnes, governor of the province, gave 
the three Queens a most magnificent reception. During 
several days the whole of the nobility of the neighbourhood 
came to offer tljeir homage and augment the brilliancy of 
the pleasure-parties and fetes given by the governor. The 
town not containing a palace sufficiently large to receive 
the three Queens, they were lodged separately, each being 
accompanied by a train of intimates and lords, who formed 
a little court for her. Buckingham almost constantly de- 
serted his new sovereign in order to show himself wherever 
Anne of Austria was. Attached to the abode of the latter 
was a large garden, near the banks of the Somme. The 
Queen and her court were fond of walking in it. One 
evening, attracted, as usual, by the beauty of the place, and 
tempted by the mildness of the weather, Anne of Austria, 
accompanied by Buckingham, the Duchess de Chevreuse, 
Lord Holland, and all the ladies of her suite, prolonged 
her promenade later than usual. Violently enamoured, and 
arrived at such a pitch of self-conceit that everything seemed 
possible, the Duke was very tender, and even dared to be 
importunate. The early departure of Henrietta Maria 
rendered their separation imminent. Favoured by the 
falling night, and taking advantage of a moment of isolation 



26 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

due to the winding of a path, he threw himself at the 
Queen's feet, and wished to give way to the transports of 
his passion. But Anne, alarmed, and perceiving the 
danger that she ran, uttered a loud cry, and Putange, her 
equerry, who was walking a few steps behind her, rushed 
forward and seized the Duke. All the suite arrived in turn, 
and Buckingham managed to get away in the midst of the 
crowd. 12 

Two days afterwards Henrietta Maria quitted Amiens 
for Boulogne ; Marie de Medicis and Anne of Austria 
accompanied her to the gates of the town. Anne of Austria 
was in a carriage with the Princess de Conti. It was there 
that Buckingham took leave of her. Bending down to 
bid her adieu, he covered himself with the window-curtain, 
in order to hide his tears, which fell profusely. The 
Queen was moved at this display of grief, and the Princess 
de Conti, " who gracefully rallied her, told her that she 
could answer to the King for her virtue, but that she would 
not do as much for hej cruelty, as she suspected her 
eyes of having regarded this lover with some degree of 
pity." 13 

Too passionately enamoured for separation to be able 
to cure him of his love, and excited still more to see Anne 
of Austria again by the recollection of his gross rashness, 
the Duke of Buckingham, whom unfavourable winds de- 
tained at Boulogne, returned suddenly to Amiens with 
Lord Holland, under pretence of having an important 
letter to deliver to Marie de Medicis, who, owing to a 

li' Mimoires de La Porte. MSmoires de Madame de MottevUle, p. 1 6. 
Mimoires de la Rochefoucauld, p. 340. 
IS M(moires de Madame de Mottez'ille. 



SCENE IN- THE QUEEN'S BEDCHAMBER. 27 

slight illness, had not quitted this town. " Returned 
again ! " said Anne of Austria to Nogent-Bautru, on learn- 
ing, this news; "I thought that we were delivered from 
him." 1* She had been bled that morning, and was in bed 
when the two English noblemen entered her chamber. 
Buckingham, blinded by his passion, threw himself on his 
knees before the Queen's bed, embracing the coverings 
with ecstasy, and exhibiting, to the great scandal of the 
ladies of honour, the impetuous sentiments which agitated 
him. The Countess de Lannoi wished to force him to rise, 
telUng him, with severity, that such behaviour was not 
according to French customs. " I am not French," replied 
the Duke, and he continued, but always in the presence of 
several witnesses, to eloquently express his tenderness for 
the Queen. The latter, being very much embarrassed, could 
not at first say anything; then she complained of such 
boldness, but without a great deal of indignation ; and it is 
probable that her heart took no part in the reproaches 
which she addressed to the ' duke. The next day he 
departed a second time for Boulogne, and never again saw 
the Queen of France. 

Such is the famous scene at Amiens, which furnished 
opportunities for the gross liveliness of Tallemant des 
Re'aux and the libertine imagination of the Cardinal de 



" Mimoires deLa Porte, pp. 8, 9. Madame de Motteville assures us 
that her mistress was informed of this visit by Madame de Chevreuse, 
which is possible. It is the only point, and moreover, a very secondary 
one, in which La Porte's account differs from Madame de Motteville's. 
But we must not forget that the former was an eye-witness, whilst the 
latter, who entered the service of Anne of Austria afterwards, learnt 
the events, which she describes at the commencement of her Memoirs, 
long subsequent to their occurrence. 



28 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Retz." The statements of La Porte, who was present, of 
Madame de Motteville, who collected her information from 
eye-witnesses, and of La Rochefoucauld, less likely to 
show partiality, leave no doubt of Anne of Austria's 
innocence. Marie de Medicis, whose interest it then was 
to injure her with Louis XIII., and who often did so with- 
out scruple, could not on this occasion, says La Porte, ^^ 
"avoid bearing witness to the truth, and telling the King 
that there was nothing in it ; that if the Queen might have 
been willing to act wrongly, it would have been impossible, 
with so many people about her who were watching her, and 
that she could not prevent the Duke of Buckingham 
having esteem or even love for her. She related also a 
number of things of this kind which had happened to 
herself in her youth." 

Marie de Medicis might also have quoted examples 
from the life of Anne of Austria herself, who had pre- 
viously loved the Duke de Montmorency and the Duke de 
Beilegarde without her honour having been tarnished by so 
doing. 17 The recollection of Buckingham's love dwelt 
more profoundly in the memory of all, because his passion 
had been more fiery and had been manifested by incautious 
acts. But to the end of the Queen's life, even after the 
death of Louis XIII., and during the regency, it was in 
her presence a subject of conversation which she listened 
to complacently, because it flattered her self-esteem, and 
which she would certainly not have tolerated, had any one 

16 Retz places the Amiens scene at the Louvre, and does not neglect 
the opportunity of blackening the Queen's honour. 
1^ Mimoires de La Porte, p. lo. 
" Mimoires de Madame de Motteville, p. i8. 



SOUVENIRS OF BUCKINGHAM'S ATTACHMENT. 29 

dared to start it, if this recollection had been to her a 
cause for remorse. Far from this, people familiarly jested 
with her about it with grace, and without offending her> 
since they could thus remind her of a liking which had 
been sufficiently strong, but had not led her to commit any 
fault. Richelieu, presenting Mazarin to the Queen, said, 
" You will like him, madam, he has Buckingham's manner."i8 
Much later Anne of Austria, when Regent, meeting Voiture 
walking along in a dreamy state, in her garden of Ruel, 
and asking him what he was thinking of, received in 
reply these verses, which did not at all offend her : — 

"Je pensais que la destinee, 
Apr^s tant d'injustes malheurs, 
Vous a justenient couronnee 
De gloire, d'eclat et d'honneurs ; 
Mais que vous etiez plus heureuse 
Lorsque vous etiez autrefois, 
Je ne veux pas dire amoureuse, 
La rime le veut toutefois. 

Je pensais (que nos autres poetes 
Nous pensons extravagamment) 
Ce que, dans I'humeur ou vous 6tes, 
Vous feriez si, dans ce moment, 
Vous avisiez en cette place 
Venir le Due de Buckingham, 
Et lequel serait en disgrSce, 
De lui ou du pfere Vincent. " '' 

Everything combines to absolve Anne of Austria from 
the crime of which she was accused during the troubles of 
the Fronde, and in the midst of the unjust passions 
aroused by civil war. Louis XIII. 's conduct with respect 

18 Mimoires de Tallemant des Reaux, vol. 1. p. 422. 
1' Pire Vincent was the Queen's confessor. — Mimoires de Madame de 
Motteville, vol. i. pp. 81, 82. 



30 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to her, and his persistent coldness, alone seemed to con- 
demn her. But does this coldness date from Buckingham's 
stay in Paris ? Were the isolation in -which Louis XIII. 
often remained and his neglect of the Queen such as 
people have believed up to the present time? Must we 
admit, as has been maintained, the proof of a criminal 
infidelity on the part of this Princess, deliberately com- 
mitted either with Buckingham in 1625, or with an unknown 
individual, in 1630, with the view of being able, at the 
instant of Louis XIII.'s death, which then seemed imnii- 
nent, to reign in the name of a child of whom she should 
be enceinte, and who, after the unexpected recovery of the 
King, became the Man with the Iron Mask ? 



31 ) 



CHAPTER III. 

Second Hypothesis — First Feelings of Anne of Austria towards 
Louis XIII. — ^Joy which she experienced on arriving in France — 
First Impressions of Louis XIII. — His Aversion to Spain — His 
Dislilie to Marriage — Austerity of his Manners — His persistent 
Coldness — Means adopted to induce him to consummate the 
Marriage — Political Position of Anne of Austria— Louis XIII. and 
Richelieu — Watch kept by the Minister over the Queen— The King's 
Illness at Lyons. 

The political story of Louis XIII.'s marriage with Anne 
of Austria has been told ; the motives which determined 
this union, the negotiations which preceded it, the great 
interests connected with it, and the powerful springs which 
put it in action, have all been set forth and weighed in a 
decisive manner. ^ 

If, neglecting this grave examination, which is entirely- 
foreign to our work, we occupy ourselves solely with the 
character and secret thoughts of the persons thus tied to 
one another, and whose private life has. been ransacked in 
order to give a solution to the problem of the Man with 
the Iron Mask, we see that a very strong liking for France 
and for her King, on Anne of Austria's part, was in accord 

^ Les Mariages /spagnoh sous le rigne d'' Henri IV. et la R^gence de 
Marie de Medicis, by M. Perrens, Professor at the Lycee Bonaparte. 



32 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

with the necessities of policy. Contrary to what frequently 
happens in the case of royal marriages, the obligations 
imposed on the Infanta by her rank were not repugnant to 
the sentiments of the woman, and when she crossed the 
French frontier for the first time, she realized a hope long 
since conceived and dearly cherished in her heart. With 
only eight days between their births and at once betrothed to 
one another in pubUc opinion, the Infanta and the Dauphin 
had been the object of the researches and predictions of 
all the astrologers of the time,^ who proclaimed that, 
having come into the world under the same sign, they were 
destined to love each other, even though they might not 
be united. The Infanta had believed in this augury. 
She had early hked to hear the young King spoken of, she 
sought after his portraits, she preferred garments of French 
cut, she willingly wore ear-rings formed of fleurs-de-lis, 
and, the changes of the negotiation having for a moment 
fixed the choice of the two Governments on her sister 
Dona Maria,^ Anne, then nine years old, declared, " that if 
it was to be thus, she was resolved to pass her life in a 
monastery without ever marrying."* When, three years 
afterwards, the Duke de Mayenne, on quitting Madrid, 
whither he had come to sign the marriage contract of Anne 
and Louis XIII., asked the former what she wished him to 

2 Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, finds Harlay, 228, Nos. 
14, 15 ; Court of Spain, Embassy of M. de Vaucellas, already quoted 
by M. Armand Baschet in his amusing work, very rich in rare documents, 
Le Hoi chez la Reine. 

8 The Infanta Maria, married to Ferdinand III., King of Hungary, 
afterwards Emperor. 

* Despatch from M. de Vaucellas, November 20, 1610. Manu- 
scripts quoted above. 



YOUTH OF ANNE OF AUSTRIA. 33 

say on her behalf to the King of France, she replied : 
"That I am extremely impatient to see him." This 
answer having shocked the austere Countess d'Altamira, 
her governess, who exclaimed — "What! madam, what 
will the King of France think when M. de Mayenne tells 
him that you have made such a speech?" — the Infanta 
rejoined, "Madam, you have taught me that one should 
always be sincere ; you should not be surprised then if I 
speak the truth."* 

The two years which elapsed before her departure saw 
no change in these sentiments. ■ The 9th November, 1 6 1 5, 
she parted at Fontarabia from her father, Philip III., with 
less sorrow than he showed in allowing her at length to 
leave, and it was with pride and contentment that the new 
Queen, radiant with youth and beauty,^ crossed the 
Bidassoa, on her way to Bordeaux, where the French court 
was stopping. What kind of husband was she about to 
meet there ? 

Very different from those of the Princess Anne were the 
impressions of Louis XIII., concerning the marriage and the 
family to which he- was going to unite himself. People had 
frequently, and at an early age, conversed with him about 
the project. The first replies of the Dauphin, questioned 
from his most tender infancy, would have no significance. 7 

5 Mercure Fran(ais, vol. ii. p. 549- 

" Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, fonds Dupuy, 76, p. 145, and 
Archives of the Chateau of Mouchy-Noailles, No. 1 706. Mariages des 
Hois et Reines, by M. Baschet in his book already quoted. 

' Journal de yean Hlroard sur VEnfance et la Jeunesse de 
Louis XIII. Manuscripts of the Imperial Library. It has just been 
published by Didot, having been edited by MM. Eud. ' de Soulie and 
Ed. de Barthelemy, with an intelligence, a carefulness, and an erudition 
on which they cannot be too strongly felicitated. 



34 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

But as he advanced in age, his aversion to everything 
Spanish manifested itself with characteristic energy. Twice 
he replied in the negative to Henri IV., when the latter 
spoke to him of the Infanta as his future wife.s One day, on 
M. de Ventelet asking him if he liked the Spaniards, he 
answered, " No." " And why, sir ? " " Because they are 
papa's enemies." " And the Infanta ? " added De Ventelet, 
" do you love her, sir? " " No." "Why, sir? " " I don't 
want any Spanish love." 9 Later, when his chaplain was 
making him recite the Commandments, on coming to " Thou 
shalt not kill," the Dauphin exclaimed: "What, not the 
Spaniards? Oh, yes, I shall kill the Spaniards, because 
they are papa's enemies ! I will beat them well ! " And on 
his chaplain observing that they were Christians, he repUed : 
" May I only kill Turks then ? "-lo 

To this aversion, a great deal more significant since it 
was contrary to a project generally acquiesced in by those 
about him, soon came to be added a certain distaste for 
marriage. Born with the ardent and lascivious temperament 
of his father, impelled to follow his example by conversa- 
tions often loose, sometimes obscene, Louis XIII. succeeded 
in modifying these early tendencies by a force of will and a 
power of reflection truly rare. He was naturally an observer, 
he spoke httle and laughed still less. He was usually serious 
and grave at times when his pages found cause for great 
merriment. All that he remarked became profoundly 
engraved on his mind, and enabled him years afterwards to 
reply with marvellous pertinency to questions which were 

8 Journal d' Hiroard, November 3, 1604, and March 2, 1605. 
Ibid., April 4, 1605. 
10 Ibid., January 29, 1607. 



YOUTH OF LOUIS XIIL 35 

sometimes embarrassing. His young imagination was early 
struck by the singular effects which the King's conduct pro- 
duced at the court. In his cradle he received frequent visits, 
not only from his mother, but also from Henri IV. 's repu- 
diated wife," and from his numerous mistresses. They all 
sometimes found themselves assembled around him, the latter 
proud of their master's affection, Marie de Medecis irritated, 
jealous, and showing it. The issue of these very open 
intrigues, were the Dauphin's companions; but he in- 
stinctively abhorred them. He struck them without motive ; 
would not have them at his table ; absolutely refused 
to call them brothers ; and when Henri IV., after having 
beaten him without overcoming this insurmountable repug- 
nance, asked him the reason of it, he answered, " Because 
they are not mamma's sons." ^''■ 

This hatred for everything connected with illegitimacy 
was certainly the origin of the chaste reserve which was 
to characterize so particularly him who was the son of 
Henri IV. and the father of Louis XIV. From his illegiti- 
mate brothers, this aversion extended to their mothers, 
whom he qualified in very contemptuous terms, and to the 
intrigues in which they were engaged. "Shall you be as 
ribald as the King?" said his nurse to him one day. " No," 
he answered, after a moment's reflection. And on her asking 
him if he was in love, he replied, " No, I avoid love." ^^ 

It was especially after Henri IV.'s death that the ten- 
dencies of the young king revealed themselves. He loved 
his father tenderly, a great deal more than Marie de Medicis 

11 Marguerite de Navarre. 

^ Journal <PHhoard, passim. 

IS Ibid., June 9, 1604, and October 21, 1608. 



36 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

did, who, moreover, never showed much affection for her 
elder son. He worthily wept his violent death," and long 
afterwards, hearing at the Louvre, one of the late King's 
songs, he went aside to sob." But if, while yet a child, he 
had appreciated the glory of Henri IV., if he had shared 
his patriotic sentiments, if he was proud of his victories, he 
had silently blamed the licence which, in acts, and still more 
in language, then rendered the French Court one of the 
most gross in Europe. As King, he would not tolerate 
these excesses. He showed himself openly austere in his 
speech, and modest in his actions, forbade in his- presence 
obscene songs and scandalous conversations, and in order 
to avoid any pretext for them, rephed sharply to M. de 
Souvrd, his governor, when he wished to talk with him about 
marriage : " Do not let us speak of that, sir ; do not let us 
speak of that." 

It was nevertheless necessary to speak of it, and to set 
out for Bordeaux. Louis XIII., then in his fifteenth year, 
■ still possessed, and was to preserve for a long time, the 
tastes and predilections of his infancy. He gave himself 
up to them in order to divert his mind from the 
marriage festivities. He kept birds, armed his gentlemen, 
and enrolled them in a vigilant and disciplined troop ; then 
he assisted at the Council, replied pertinently to the 

1* "Ha!" he said, when he was told of Ravaillac's act, "if I had 
been there with my sword, I would have killed him." — Journal 
WHlroard, May 14, l6lo. 

15 Another day, November 14, 1611, he, proceeded to St. Germain. 
" He went there to visit his brother, who was ill of an endormissement, 
accompanied with slight convulsions. He awoke, and Louis XIH. said 
to him, 'Bonsoir, mon frh-e.' He replied, 'Bon&o\x, mon petit papa.' 
At these words Louis XIH. commenced to weep, went away, and was 
not seen for the whole of the day." — Journal d'Hh-oard, Nov. 14, l6i i. 



ARRIVAL OF ANNE OF AUSTRIA IN FRANCE. 37 

deputations presented to liim, and thus mingled the simple 
amusements of the child with the grave accomplishment of 
his business as King.16 Much less desirous of fulfilling his 
duties as husband, he nevertheless affected towards the 
Infanta, either from self-esteem, or from a sense of propriety 
towards the strangers who were bringing her to him, an 
attention which surprised and charmed the court. He 
went to meet the train which accompanied her, showed 
himself curious and pleased to see her, and was timid, but 
attentive and courteous, in the first interviews which he had 
with her.i'' This was all ; and, if for an instant, he 
possessed the manners of a gallant and attentive cavalier, 
he by no means exhibited the behaviour of a lover. 
During the evening after the celebration of the ceremony, he 
remained insensible to the encouragements of M. de Gram- 
mont,i* and Marie de Medicis had to exert her authority in 
order to induce him to go to Anne of Austria. Four years 
afterwards the marriage was not yet consummated ; and this 
event, ardently desired by the Court of France, disconso- 
late at the King's coldness ; by the Court of Spain, which 
saw an insult in this disdain ; by the Pope's nuncio, and by 
the Court of Tuscany, which had so much contributed to- 
wards the union, became in some degree an affair of State.' 
Many efforts, many attempts were necessary to induce 
Louis XIII. to change his course of behaviour, of which 
the remote cause may be ascribed to his early impressions 
as Dauphin, and of which a more immediate one has been 

'^ Metnoires du Markhal de Bassompierre. — Journal d'Hiroard. 

17 Despatch from the ambassador of the Grand Duke of Tuscany, 
Matteo Bartolini, December 4, 1615, quoted by M. A. Baschet. Journal 
d'Hiroard, November 21, 1615. 

18 Journal d'Hiroard, November 25, 1615. 



38 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

discovered by the Nuncio Bentivoglio.'s Sometimes the 
King's pride was attempted to be touched, and the politic 
Nuncio, availing himself of the marriage of the Princess 
Christine with the Duke of Savoy, asked Louis XIII., "If 
he wished to have the shame of seeing his sister have a 
son before he had a Dauphin." ^o Sometimes recourse was 
had to influences still more direct.^^ At length, January 25, 
16 19, Albert de Luynes, after vainly begging him to cede 
to the wishes of his subjects, carried him by force into 
the Queen's chamber.22 The following day, all the am- 
bassadors announced this event to their respective govern- 
ments. 

From that time, Louis XIII. was less scared, but almost 
as timid ^^ as ever, and though, preserving all his repugnances, 
he sometimes overcame them as a matter of duty, and 
showed himself a tolerably ardent, but never very tender 
husband. In the month of December, 1619, there were 



^ Despatch of the Nuncio Bentivoglio, January 30, 1619. 

™ Ibid., January 16, 1619. 

^1 Despatch of Contarini, ambassador from Venice, Jan. 27, 1619. 

22 Despatches of the Niincio Bentivoglio, vol. i. pp. 157, 240, 300 ; 
and vol. ii. pp. 10, 31, 39, 40, 44, 80, 82, and 84. Despatch of Benti- 
voglio, January 30, 1619. See also despatches from the Venetian 
ambassador, January 27, andFebruary 5, 1619; the Journal d^Heroard, 
January 25, 1619 ; Letter from Father Joseph to the Minister of Spain, 
February 14, 1619 ; and, lastly, the Mimoires de Bassompierre, vol. ii. 
p. 147. 

28 To the causes of Louis XIII. 's reserve, vifhich we have just cited, 
may be added another, which the duty of not omitting anything causes us 
to indicate. According to the RHatioii de Don Fernando Giron ( Archives 
of Simancas), Louis XIII. held aloof from Anne of Austria "because 
he had been persuaded that if he had a son, while yet so young, it would 
cause a civil war in the kingdom." Nothing, however, confirms this 
supposition, or renders it likely. 



LOUIS XIIVS INDIFFERENCE. 39 

reasons for hoping that the Queen was pregnant.-* This 
hope, which soon vanished, was renewed at the commence- 
ment of 1622, but was again destroyed by a fall, which 
Anne of Austria had while playing with the Duchess de 
Chevreuse.-5 Buckingham's rapid visit to France, if it left 
a profound remembrance in the Queen's heart, certainly 
had no influence upon the King's conduct. Nothing was 
changed in the intercourse of the two spouses, which was 
neither more frequent, nor ever entirely interrupted.-^ 
After, as before this visit, Louis XIII. almost invariably 
saw in the Queen the Spaniard in blood and affection ; 
and when in May, 162 1, he had to announce to her the 
death of her father, he did it in this wise : " Madam," 
said he, " I have just now received letters from Spain, in 
which they write me word for certain, that the King your 
father is dead." Then, mounting his horse, he set out for 
the chase.-'' It is undoubtedly true, moreover, that Anne 
of Austria, who was, to her eternal glory, to become 
thoroughly French on assuming the Regency, and per- 
ceiving the true interests of her young son, to serve them 
with patriotism, intelligence, and firmness, even in opposi- 
tion to her old friends, was, during the life-time of 
Louis XIII., the natural centre of a secret but constant 
and implacable opposition to the system which RicheHeu 
supported. Good, but proud, she had been galled by her 



2* Despatch of the Nuncio Bentivoglio, December 4, 1619. 
26 Mimoires de Bassomfierre, confinned by the jfournal (VHiroard, 
March 26, 1622. 

26 Journal d'Heroard, passim, and especially June 8, and August 21, 
1626. 

27 Ibid., May 10, 1621. 



40 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

husband's indifference, humiliated by Richeheu's chicanery 
and mistrust, and irritated at not possessing any influence, 
so that, in the midst of the war which divided Spain and 
France, she had not wished to dissimulate the attachment 
which she preserved for her own family and for her 
country. Badly advised by the frivolous and restless 
Duchess de Chevreuse, she had engaged in different enter- 
prises by which, without betraying France, she had 
furnished her enemies with arms sufficiently powerful for 
them to be able to maintain her in disgrace with 
Louis XIII. 

This Prince, who during his whole life longed for the 
moment when he should quit his state of tutelage,'^ and 
who, from being under the control of his governor, was to 
pass under his mother's, then under Albert de Luynes', and 
lastly, under Richelieu's, joined to rather a fierce pride a true 
and just sense and exact knowledge of his inferiority. He 
detested the yoke, but he felt that it was necessary. Destined 
by his own incapacity to be for ever accomplishing the designs 
of others, he submitted to constraint, although constantly 
disposed to revolt. But he loved neither his mother, whom 
he discarded, nor De Luynes, whose death he did not regret. 
Richelieu alone, not only by the vast superiority Of his 
genius, but especially by the obsequiousness of his language, 
by incessant precautions, by continually new artifices of hu- 
mility, succeeded in seducing that unquiet and distrustful 

^ " He was playing with some little balls, rolling them along his 
taper stand, and calling them soldiers. M. de Souvre reproved him, and 
told him that he was always amusing himself at childish games. ' But, 
Monsieur de Souvre, these are soldiers ; this Is not a child's game !' 
' Sir, you will always be a child. ' ' It is you who keep me one ! '"' 
— Journal d^ Hiroard, February 2 1, 1610. 



RICHELIEU'S INFLUENCE OVER THE KING. 41 

spirit, over which flattery had no power. ^9 He ended by 
even attaching the King to himself, whatever may have been 
said about it, and by inspiring in him an affection which was 
bestowed quite as much upon the man as upon the indis- 
pensable Minister. Louis XIII. had the greatest solici- 
tude for Richelieu, and paid him the most delicate atten- 
tions ; and it can be affirmed, after a perusal of his letters, 
as yet unpublished, that these marks of lively friendship 
were not merely the result of self-interest.^" Moreover, 
even when he was in possession of supreme authority, 
Richelieu, ever on the alert, showed himself to the last 
as studious in preserving it as he had been ingenious and 
supple in acquiring it. His efforts were constantly exerted to 
neutralize the influence of a Spanish Queen over a King 
whom he wished to maintain in the glorious policy of 
Henri IV. But he did not content himself with depriving 
the legitimate wife of his King of the whole of her power, 
which was a matter of no difficulty. Although incapable of 
criminal desires, since he could abstain from lawful plea- 
sures, Louis XIII. , sickly and morose as he was, reaping 
from love only jealousy and trouble, devoured by in- 
quietudes and cares, had need of pouring out his com- 
plaints, of exposing his griefs, of unbosoming himself to 
a friendly heart, away from the pomp and noise which he 
fled. Richelieu always directed this inclination; and if 
he subjugated the King's mind by the force of his own 
genius, if he fascinated him by the seductive power of 

^ Several facts cited by Herpard prove that Louis XIII. was not 
at all sensible to flattery. (See particularly Oct 8, and Dec. 3, 1610.) 

80 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Manuscripts. 
Original Letters of Louis XIII. Section France, 5. 



42 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

his words, he watched over all his actions by means 
of spies, with whom he surrounded him, and governed 
even his soul through his confessors.^i when the Prince's 
affections, " purely spiritual, and enjoyments always chaste," 
as says a contemporary, were bestowed on instruments, in- 
docile to the directions of the ruling Minister, the latter 
knew how to conjure up scruples in the King's mind, even 
for these pure connections, and which triumphed over 
his inchnations. To Madame de Hautefort succeeded, 
in the royal affections. Mademoiselle de la Fayette, to 
her Cinq-Mars, and these three individuals, whose rela- 
tions with the King always continued perfectly irreproach- 
able, but who rebelled against Richelieu's imperious vidll, 
expiated their resistance — one in exile, another in a convent, 
and the third on the scaffold. 

If, then, it was true that Anne of Austria had, in 1630, 
committed adultery in order to give an heir to her dying 
husband, how are we to admit that a Minister so suspicious 
and vigilant would not have been cognisant of it, and 
knowing it, would not, by informing the convalescent King 
of this crime, have brought about the ruin of a Queen whom 
he detested, and who, in union with Marie de Medicis, was 
then plotting his downfall? It is in vain to object that a 
feeling of propriety would have restrained the Cardinal : ^^ 
he was incapable of any such sentiment. Inflexible towards 

SI Archives of the Ministry of -Foreign Affairs. Manuscripts. Section 
France, vol. Ixxxviii. fol. 99, and Ixxxix. fols. 3, 23, 67, 78, and 103. 

"^ M. Michelet indicates another motive which it is only necessary to 
cite in order to show its improbability. " Richelieu," he says, "trusted 
in the weakness of the Queen's nature, and, consequently, that one 
day or other she would be involved in some embarrassment or thought- 
lessness which would leave her at his mercy." 



RICHELIEU'S TREATMENT OF THE QUEEN. 43 

his enemies, because he regarded them, with reason, as 
the enemies of the State, to unmask and ruin them he 
employed a stubbornness and a persistence which nothing 
could overcome. When it was necessary to persuade 
Louis XIII. of the communication which the Queen kept 
up with Spain, the implacable Minister could make the 
most minute search and put the most humiliating questions. 
He could cause her dearest servants to be arrested; he 
could confront her with spies; he could treat her as an 
obscure criminal ; and the admirable devotion of Madame 
de Hautefort'^ could alone enable the Queen, very strongly 
suspected, but not entirely convicted, to escape from this grave 
danger. And yet people desire to maintain that Richelieu 
would have left Louis XIII. ignorant of a much greater 
crime, and one which touched more immediately the King's 
honour ! Moreover, where, when, how, and in what interest 
would this crime have been committed ? To conjectures 
and vague insinuations let us oppose positive facts, which 
prove that Richelieu did not acquaint Louis XIII., because 
Anne of Austria had never ceased to be innocent. 

The King fell ill at Lyons, not during the early part of 
August, as has been said, but on September 22, and here 
especially dates are of the utmost importance. 2* He was 
seized with a fever, which consumed him. The seventh 
day — the 29th — it was complicated by a dysentery, which 
exhausted him. The attack of this last complaint, pro- 
duced by one of those medicines, then much in vogue, was 



5' MSmoires de La Porte, p. 370. 

^ Letter from Richelieu to Marshal de Schonberg, September 25, 
1630; Letter from Father Suffren, Louis XIII. 's confessor, to Father 
Jacquinot, October i, 1630. 



44 Tim MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

SO violent, and its consequences so rapid, that by midnight 
the doctors despaired of saving him. Marie de Medicis 
had retired. Anne of Austria, who did not leave the royal 
patient, resolved to have him warned by his confessor of 
the danger he was in. But, at the first cautiously spoken 
words, Louis XIII. conjured Father Suffren, and those 
who surrounded him, not to hide the truth from him. He 
learned it with calmness and courage, confessed, commu- 
nicated, and asked pardon of all for any wrong he might 
have done them ; then, calling the Queen, he embraced her 
tenderly, and addressed to her a touching farewell. As she 
retired on one side in order to weep freely, the King prayed 
Father Suffren to go and find her, and again beg her from 
him " to pardon him all the unpleasantnesses he might have 
caused her the whole time of their married life." He after- 
wards conversed with Richelieu, and offered a spectacle of 
the most edifying resignation. Towards the middle of the 
day, the Archbishop of Lyons was preparing himself to 
bring in the extreme unction, when the doctors, who had 
already bled this exhausted body six times in succession, 
ordered a seventh bleeding. 'S But then the true cause of 
the illness, which was unknown to them, was made clear ; 
an internal abscess broke, and nature saved the patient 
at the moment when the intervention of his physicians 
promised to be fatal. ^^ Louis XIII., soon re-established 

"5 Letter from Father Suffren, already quoted. In one year Bouvart, 
Louis XIIL's doctor, had hhn bled 47 times, made him take 212 
■ medicines and 215 injections. — Archives Curieuses de V Histoire de France, 
by.Cimber and Danjou, 2nd series, vol. v. p. 63. 

'" Letter from Richelieu to Schonberg, September 30, 1630 ; 
Letter from Richelieu to d'Effiat, October I, id^Q.—Mimoires de 
Richelieu, book xl. vol vi. p. 296. Letter from Father Suffren, already 
quoted. 



THE QUEEN SEEKS RICHELIEU'S OVERTHROW. 45 

in health, left Lyons with the Queen, who did not cease to 
lavish on him the most tender cares, and whose sincere 
grief had touched him. In this crisis the two spouses had 
forgotten the past. ^^ The repugnance and the coldness of 
the one, the wounded pride of the other, had disappeared, 
and they were naturally led to appreciate whatever goodness 
and amiability were to be found in each other's natures, ^s 

Strong in the unaccustomed sway which she exercised, 
but exaggerating its extent, Anne of Austria was not content 
with holding in the King's heart the place which properly 
belonged to her. Aided by the ambitious and vindictive 
Marie de Medicis, after having occupied herself with her 
griefs as a wife, she desired to extend her censure to affairs 
of State, and to attack, in Richelieu, not only one who had 
kept alive the mistrust of herself, who had called suspicion 
into existence, and had separated King and Queen, mother 
and son, but also the stubborn pursuer of the great policy 
of Henri IV., who maintained abroad the pre-eminence of 
France over Spain, and the abasement of the House of 
Austria. We know how Louis XIII., who was incapable 
of vast projects, but who understood their value, was re- 



*' A similar and as perfect return of lively affection and reciprocal 
- tenderness was produced anew on the occasion of the illness of February, 
1643, to which Louis XIII. succumbed. See the Memoire fidele des 
cjwses qui se sont passees d la mort de Louis XIII., written by Dubois, his 
valet-de-chambre. The ingenuousness and the precision in details^hich 
it exhibits does not permit us to doubt the exactitude and authenticity of 
this account. See also Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs : 
Memoires Manuscrits de Lamothe- Gotilas, Secretaire des Commandements 
du Due d' Orleans, vol. ii. p. 368. 

^ Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs : IfUmoires Manuscrits 
de Lamothe- Goulas, Secretaire des Commandements du Due d'OrUans, 
vol. ii. p. 367. 



46 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

called by reasons of State to Richelieu, and, on a famous 
day, confirmed his authority at the very instant that it 
seemed annihilated.'s 

To what period are we to assign the commission of 
the fault resulting in Anne's pregnancy of January, 1631? 
It cannot have been on September 30, 1630, when 
Louis XIII.'s life was in danger, for the Queen was 
delivered during the first five days of April, 1631.*" Was 
it on the arrival of Louis XIII. at Lyons, at the commence- 
ment of August, 1630 ? But Anne of Austria did not then 
have the same interest in being a mother, which, according 
to her accusers, she would have on September 30, when the 
King was d3dng. Either the child was still-bom, or else its 
conception dates from a period when Louis XIII. was its 
father. The origin of this pregnancy is suspected because 
Richelieu, in a journal attributed to him, and of which it 
has been said " that it lent to Voltaire's supposition rather a 
serious ground of argument," *i was pleased to note the 

SSI November 11, 1630 — known in French history as "the Day of 
the Dupes "—when the Duke de Saint-Simon, father of the famous 
memoir writer, brought about a secret interview between Richelieu,- 
who, in disgrace, was on the eve of retiring to Havre, and Louis XIII., 
then at his hunting-seat of Versailles. At the moment when every one 
believed the downfall of the once all-powerful Minister to be complete, 
the latter succeeded in recovering his lost influence over the King, of 
which he had been deprived through the intrigues of Marie de Medicis, 
who had demanded of her son whether he was " so unnatural as to 
prefer a valet to his mother." Richelieu, when firmly remstated in 
power, did not spare the queen-mother's partisans, upon several of 
whom he avenged himself with his accustomed severity. — Trans, 

«» This date is given in Richelieu's Journal, of which we are about 
to speak. 

*^ M. Jules Loiseleur, Reviie Contemporaine, of July 31, 1867, 
p. 223. This Journal has been published in the Archives Curimses de 
VHistoire de France, of Cimber and Danjou, 2nd series, vol. v. 



ANNE OF AUSTRIA'S HONOUR UNSULLIED. 47 

progress of the Queen's condition, often sent to inquire 
after her health, carried off her apothecary, then returned 
him to her, forbade the Spanish ambassador to make too 
frequent visits to the Louvre, and, in a word, exercised over 
Anne of Austria a suspicious and unceasing vigilance. But 
if we admit the authenticity of this journal, which, probable 
enough in certain details, is much less so when taken as a 
whole, all the facts which it relates, the espionage which 
it chrpnicles, the suspicions which it insinuates, concern the 
Spaniard, irritated at Richelieu's unexpected triumph and 
dreaming of overthrowing him, not the guilty spouse whose 
crime it is desired to prove. Accepting this last theory, why 
should Richelieu have restored to the Queen the medical 
attendant who could have aided her in concealing the con- 
sequences of her fault ? Why was she not entirely separated 
from all her confidants ? Why were not the visits of the 
Spanish ambassador altogether forbidden ? Richelieu, it is 
true, caused the Countess de Fargis to be dismissed. But 
it was only because she had advised the Queen to espouse 
her brother-in-law, Gaston d'Orle'ans, if she became a 
widow, because she had inflamed Anne of Austria's resent- 
ment, and because she was the soul of the opposition, of 
the political intrigues, and of the secret plots against the 
Cardinal. If everything in her long correspondence seized 
by the latter, and existing in the archives,*^ justifies him for 
having exiled the dangerous Countess, if we find in it traces 
of the hopes of the two Queens, of the affections which bind 
them to Spain, of the successes they desire, of the reverses 
they hope for, nothing can be discovered that suUies Anne 

^ Imperial Library. Manuscripts, ancien finds Fran^ais, Nq. 9241. 



48 THE MAM WITH THE IRON MASK. 

of Austria's honour. The Countess de Fargis appears in it 
as the active instigator of cabals, but not as the complacent 
accomplice and the confidant of a crime. 

The truth is that enceinte for the third time, and fearing a 
third accident, Anne of Austria did not wish the news of her 
condition to be spread abroad, or to arouse in the minds 
of the people a hope which the remembrance of the past 
rendered very uncertain of fulfilment. That this pregnancy 
was due to the reconciliation arising from the King's illness, 
Richelieu himself attests, not as the doubtful author of a 
journal which, however, does not contain a single line 
really accusing the Queen, but as the indisputable writer of 
those innumerable letters, papers, and authentic documents, 
which have passed from the hands of the Duchess d'Aiguillon, 
his niece, into the archives of the State. ^-^ " It is suspected, 
not without good reason, that the Queen is erueintej' he 
v.'rites. " If this happiness befalls France, it ought to re- 
ceive it as a fruit of the blessing of God and of the good 
understanding which has existed between the King and the 
Queen, his wife, for some time past." ■** The same care 
which Anne of Austria took to conceal a third miscarriage, 
she had already shown with regard _ to a second, which 
occurred March 1 6, 1622, and at that time "they had 
hidden from the King as long as possible the destruction of 
his hopes." ^^ But from the first day that Richelieu entered 

^ Latres et Papiers de Richelieu, published in the collection of 
Documents inUits de V Histoire de France, by M. Avenel, Consei-vator 
of the Bibliotheque Sainte-Genevi^ve, with a profound knowledge of the 
period with which he is concerned, and an exactitude, an intelligence 
and a care for which one cannot too highly praise him. 

** Leitres et Papiers de Richelieu, vol. iv. p. 115. 

*' Mimoires de Bassompierre. 



RICHELIEU HIMSELF ACQUITS THE QUEEN. 49 

upon power, nothing escaped the penetrating regard of the 
attentive Minister. He watched, he observed, he knew 
everything. Every member of the royal family was sur- 
rounded by some of his agents. If from this incessant 
surveillance, and from the written evidence in which it 
stands revealed, springs the proof that the Queen had 
coquetted with Buckingham, been swayed by the counsels of 
the Duchess de Chevreuse,*^ and faithful to the last recom- 
mendations of her father, Philip III., had been always 
ready to support the Spanish interest near the King ; if, in a 
word, Richelieu represents her as a Queen but little French, 
he never insinuates that she has been a guilty spouse ; and 
history can scarcely hope to be better informed, and 
certainly ought not to show itself more rigorous than, the 
clear-sighted and pitiless Minister. 

^ Marie de Rohan, Duchess de Chevreuse, who possessed so great 
ail influence over Anne of Austria, was the daughter of Hercule de 
Rohan, Duke de Montbazon, Governor of Paris, and one of the first 
noblemen of France. In 161 7, she espoused Albert de Luynes, 
favourite of Louis XIII., who on the occasion of the marriage created 
his confidant a dulce and appointed his wife Superintendent of the 
Queen's Household. Shortly after the death of her husband, in 1621, 
from fever caught at the siege of Montauban, she married Claude de 
Lorraine, Duke de Chevreuse, the son of that Duke de Guise whom 
Henry III. caused to be assassinated at Blois. The Duchess de Chev- 
reuse was a charming and beautiful woman, gifted with extraordinary 
powers of intellect and proud of her high lineage, but incorrigibly 
g^ven to intrigue. — Trans. 



so THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER IV. 

Third Hypothesis— Reconciliation of Louis XIII. and Anne of Austria— 
The Queen enceinte for the Fourth Time— Suspicions with which 
Royal Births have sometimes been received — Precautions adopted 
in France for the Purpose of avoiding these Suspicions — Story 
of Louis XIV. 's Birth — Impossibility of admitting the Birth of 
a Twin-brother — Richelieu's Absence — Uselessness of abducting 
and concealing this pretended Twin-brother. 

Seven years were to elapse before the realization of the 
wishes of the nation, which ardently desired a Dauphin, 
and was alarmed at the prospect of seeing the little-loved 
brother of Louis XIII. ascend the throne of France. Anne 
of Austria was enceinte anew, in January, 1638 : not, as 
Voltaire has said, and as people have so frequently repeated 
after hira, "in consequence of a reconciliation brought about 
by chance between the two spouses, who had lived sepa- 
rately for a long time." ^ There was no longer any need 
either of a storm surprising Louis XIIL, ready to set out for 
the chase, or the pressing entreaties of Mademoiselle de la 
Fayette, or the supplications of the Captain of his Guards, 
in order to induce the King to visit the Queen. Unques- 
tionable documents 2 show that long before the month of 

' Voltaire, Dictionnaire Philosofhique, vol. i. p. 375. 
2 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section France, 5. 
There exists, amongst others, a letter of January lo, 1637, in which 



ROYAL BIRTHS OFTEN OBJECTS OF SUSPICION. 51 

December, 1637, Louis XIII. knew how to reconcile his 
duties as a husband with his _ ever-increasing passion for 
the chase, and that when this sport kept him away from 
the Louvre for too long a time, his habit was to send 
for the Queen. On September 5, 1638, the latter brought 
into the world a prince, who was afterwards Louis XIV. 
It is upon this day that the birth of the Man with the Iron 
Mask is fixed by those' who recognise in this personage 
not an adulterine son of Anne of Austria, but a legitimate 
twin-brother of Louis XIV., born some hours after him, and 
condemned, for his late arrival in the world, to a perpetual 
imprisonment. 

There are few royal births that have not been the object 
of malevolent insinuations, and often of very plain accusa- 
tions of criminal fraud. Such an event almost always destroys 
the right of some collateral heir, who has perhaps long coveted 
the crown. Sometimes even it ruins the projects of a whole 
party; and whilst it confirms the position of some, it sud- 
denly throws down a hundred ambitions, and exposes those 
who are disappointed in their expectations to the temptation 
of gainsaying that which destroys their hopes. When, on 
June 21, 1688, Marie d'Este, second wife of James II., 
rendered him the father of a son,* William of Orange, then 
long married to the Princess Mary, the eldest daughter of the 
King of England, seeing his wife's rights annihilated by this 
unexpected birth, refused to admit as real an event so fatal 

Louis XIII. writes to Richelieu " that he will have the Queen come to 
Saint-Germain, the evenings there being very long without company." 

s Dulaure, Histoire de Paris ; Simonde Sismondi, Histoire dec 
Fran^ais ; Dufey de I'Yonne, Histoire de la Bastille; The Cheva- 
lier de Cubiferes, Voyage h la Bastille. 

* The Old Pretender.— rra^zj. 



52 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to him. He caused accusatory libels to be spread through- 
out Holland, and even in. England,^ in which it was re- 
presented that the Queen's pregnancy was feigned, that 
the birth was imaginary, and that an unknown child, 
picked up at hazard, had been furtively introduced into the 
bed of its pretended mother.^ Several English writers, and, 
at their head, the ardent Burnet, welcomed this opinion, and 
the scandal which they raised contributed, some months 
afterwards, to the success of the attempt made by William 
of Orange to seize on the throne at the very moment when 
he seemed to have been excluded from it for ever. 

In France, doubts of this nature being rendered still more 
easy by the sceptical and fault-finding spirit of the nation, 
care has been taken at all times to avoid even a pretext for 
them, by infinite precautions and excellent customs. Not 
only had the birth of a prince the greatest personages of the 
State for obligatory witnesses, but the people themselves were 
also invited to be present at the advent to life of him whom 
a very old tradition happily designates as the Child of France. 
The doors were opened to the public, who penetrated freely 
into the royal dwelling at the solemn moment when the 
family of their rulers was perpetuated. They also entered 
there on certain occasions when the King allowed him- 
self to be seen at table by his subjects. These two 
privileges were the only ones granted to them at that time, 
and, reasonably enough, they were not disposed to rest con- 
tent with them for ever. The first, however, at least, offered 

^ M. Topin is in error. William was, in fact, remonstrated with by 
the Whigs for having publicly acknowledged a birth which the great 
majority of the English people at that time believed to be a feigned 
one. — Trans. 

' The child was said to have been brought in in a warming-pan. 



BIRTH OF LOUIS XIV. 53 

the advantage of making them forget for an instant that 
they were nothing, and of associating them in some way 
with the greatest event connected with the reigning family. 
When Marie Antoinette gave birth to her first child, the con- 
course of people in her chamber was such that Louis XVI. 
broke a window to give air more quickly to the Queen, who 
was on the point of losing consciousness. From that day 
the people ceased to be admitted to the birth of the King's 
children. But long before Louis XIV. came into the world, 
nothing was neglected that could give the greatest authen- 
ticity to this event, and the accurate Hdroard '^ shows us 
the chamber of Marie de Medicis filled with spectators at 
the moment of the birth of Louis XIII. 

It was the same at the birth of Louis XIV. The first 
signs of an approaching accouchement showed themselves 
on September 4, 1638, at eleven o'clock in the evening.^ 
The next day, at five o'clock in the morning, Louis XIII., 
learning that the pains are increasing, visits the Queen, 
whom be does not quit till her deHvery.9 At six o'clock 

7 Journal iT Hiroard, September 26, 27, 1601. 

* Corps Utiiversel Diplomatique die Droit des Gens, of Dumont, 
Supplement, vol. iv. p. 176. Letter from Chavigny to the Cardinal 
de Richelieu, September 6, 1638. Despatch from Louis XIIL to 
M. de Belliivre, his ambassador in England, September 5, 1638. — 
Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, fonds Saint-Germain, Harlay, 
364''', fol. 170. 

^ "The King was present all the time, and his two attacks of fever 
have not in any way diminished his strength," writes Chavigny in the 
letter in which he relates to Richelieu, then absent from the court, the 
birth of the Dauphin. This precise statement destroys that of 
M. Michelet, who, from an anonymous Life of Madame de Hautefort, 
says that " Louis XIII. would have consoled himself without difficulty 
at seeing his Spaniard die, and that during the pains he had history read 
to him to find an example of a King of France having married his sub- 
ject." — M. Michelet, Histoire de France, vol. xii. p. 211. 



54 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

arrive successively at Saint-Germain, Gaston d'Orl^ans, so in- 
terested in watching the issue of an event which is, perhaps, 
to put him aside from the throne for ever; the Princess' de 
Cond4 Madame de Vendome, the Chancellor, Madame de 
Lansac, the future governess of the royal child, and Mesdames 
de Senecey and de la Flotte, ladies of honour. Behind the 
canopy of the bed occupied by the Queen, is erected an 
altar, at which the Bishops of Lisieux, of Meaux, and of 
Beauvais, say mass in turns. Near the altar, and even in 
the adjoining room, press Mesdames de la Ville-aux-Clercs, 
de Liancourt, and de Mortemart ; the Princess de Gudmdne ; 
the Duchesses de la Tr^mouille and de Bouillon ; the Dukes 
de Vendome, de Chevreuse, and de Montbazon;. Messieurs 
de Souvr^, de Liancourt, de Mortemart, de la Ville-aux- 
Clercs, de Brion, and de Chavigny: the Archbishop of 
Bourges; .the Bishops of Metz, Chalons, Dardanie, and 
Mans ; and, finally, an enormous crowd which invades the 
palace at an early hour, and soon completely fills it.^" At 
eleven o'clock precisely Anne of Austria brings into the 
world a child, the sex of which the midwife at once causes 
to be verified by the princes of the royal family, and par- 
ticularly by Gaston d'Orldans. This latter remains quite 
stunned at the sight, and cannot hide his vexation ; " still 
the very visible signs of his discontent are almost unperceived 
in the general gladness, and amidst the noisy acclamations 
that arise on all sides. The joy of Louis XIII. is as livel} 
as his melancholy and dreamy nature allows. He admires 



w Dumont, Corps Diplomatique du Droit des Gens, vol. iv. p. 1 76. 

" Letter from Chavigny to the Cardinal de Richelieu, September 6, 
1638. Louis XIII. made his brother a present of six tliousand crowns, 
" which consoled him a little," says Chavigny. 



PRETENDED BIRTH OF A TWIN-BROTHER. 55 

and makes those round him admire the shape of his son, 
who, from his birth, like his father at a similar moment, 
gives proofs of the extraordinary appetite i" which charac- 
terizes his race. A short time after, in the very chamber of 
the Queen, and before the same spectators, the newly-born 
prince is baptized by the Bishop of Meaux, first almoner. 
Louis XIII. then sends the Sieur Duperrd-Bailleul to Paris, 
charged with solemnly announcing the happy news i'^ to the 
Corporation. But, borne by the joyous cry of the populace, 
the news has already traversed with surprising rapidity the 
distance which separates Saint-Germain from Paris, where 
it is known at noon. It excites a really sincere enthusiasm 
there, and the churches, for some months past filled by 
people who ask of heaven the birth of a Dauphin, at once 
resound with hymns of thanksgiving. 

According to the romance of Soulavie a second son came 
into the world at eight o'clock in the evening, nine hours 
after the first, and, conformably to the advice of Richelieu, 
was hidden, brought up mysteriously, and then placed in 
confinement. Let us remark, in the first place, that the 
Cardinal de Richelieu, who is made to play such an im- 
portant part at Saint-Germain on September 5, 1638, had 
been absent from that place since the end of July, and was 

'^ Letters of Louis XIII : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section France, 5. Journal (V Hiroard. Lettrcs Missives d' Henri 
IV., vol. \. p. 507. 

1' It is generally believed that the famous vow of Louis XIII., 
placing his kingdom under the protection of the Virgin, was made on 
account of Aime of Austria's pregnancy. It was not so. The Queen's 
condition was manifest in January, 1638, and " the declaration for the 
protection of the Virgin" is of December, 1637. It was made "on 
account of gratitude for so many evident favours accorded to the King." 
— Lettres et Papiers de Richelicii, vol. v. p. 908. 



S6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

then at Saint-Quentin, whence he only returned to Paris on 
October 2." But do not let us stop at this first error. In 
cases of twins the presence of the second child is invariably 
denoted by signs impossible to be mistaken or passed ofer. 
Thus, even if the second birth did not at once follow the 
first, in which case it would have had for witnessesf the 
whole of the persons assembled in the chamber, it would 
certainly have been anticipated, and an expectation such as 
this could not have been kept concealed from the crowd.'^ 

But how can it be admitted that a fact of such importance 
was known to so many persons without any of them betray- 
ing the secret in a conversation which would have been 
eagerly seized upon by some contemporary writer, or in one 
of those memoirs which numerous great personages then 
delighted in leaving behind them ? And yet they all pre- 
serve the most complete silence on this subject. Contem- 
poraries have told us everything about the veritable actions 

'■' Richelieu left Ruel at the end of July, and went successively to 
Amiens, Abbeville, Ham, and Saint-Quentin. It was in this last town 
that he leamt the happy event and went at once to the church with a 
grand cortige. " He heard mass sung there by his chaplain, then the 
Te Deum &T\& Vas. Domine salvum." He then wrote to the King and 
Queen to congratulate them. — Gazette de France, p. 535 ; Lettres et 
Papiers de Richelieu, vol. vi. p. 75, et seq. The 2nd October, Riche- 
lieu left the army to return to Saint-Germain. " The King arrived on 
Wednesday at Saint-Germain, whither the Cardinal-duke repaired from 
our armies the same day and almost the same hour as his Majesty, 
whom he found in the room of Monseigneur the Dauphin, where the 
Queen also was. It would be difficult to express with what trans- 
ports of joy his eminence was seized on seeing between the father and 
the mother this admirable child, the object of his desires and the limit 
of his content.'' — Gazette de France, p. 580. 

" At this part of his work, M. Topin has thought -it necessary for 
his argument to dwell on certain medical details, which, out of delicacy 
to English readers, I have preferred to suppress. — Trans. 



E VIDENT FALSITY OF SO ULA VIES NARRA TIVE. 5 7 

as well as the imaginary acts of Anne of Austria. They 
have penetrated to the recesses of her private life, but 
nothing in their writings, not even the most indirect allusion, 
permits one to suspect such an important event. 

Supposing, however, that, extraordinarily and contrariwise 
to what observation proves every. day, this second birth took 
place nine hours after the first, and without having been pre- 
viously announced by any revealing sign, and that the wit- 
nesses were very few in number and remarkably discreet, what 
interest had Louis XIII. in concealing this birth ? Amongst 
the Romans, in France during the Middle Ages, as in modern 
times, the twin that first comes into the world has always 
been the eldest. Far, therefore, from being dismayed, as 
Soulavie relates, i^ at this second birth, Louis XIII. ought 
to have rejoiced at it, since it would have strengthened the 
direct line in his family. 

There is nothing to disprove that a double birth may have 
been prophesied by the two shepherds. Popular imagination, 
lively excited by the universal desire for a Dauphin, and by 
the unexpected announcement of the Queen's condition, 
welcomed a thousand superstitious predictions, that for some 
months served as food for conversation, and helped to soften 
the delay. But this is the sole incident which is not evi- 
dently false in the relation of Soulavie, which is refuted, for 
the rest, by the impossibiUty of hiding a second birth from 
the innumerable witnesses of the first, and by the absolute 
silence of contemporaries, as well as by the incontestable in- 
utility of the removal and suppression of this younger 
brother of Louis XIV. 

" In the account we have reproduced in Chap. I. See p. 15 ante. 



58 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER V. 

Motives which hinder one from admitting the Existence, the Arrest and 
the Imprisonment of a mysterious Son of Anne of Austria — The 
Period at which he is said to have been handed over to Saint- Mars, 
according to the Authors of this Theory, cannot be reconciled with 
any of the Dates at whicli Prisoners were sent to this Gaoler — 
Other Considerations which formally oppose even the Probability of 
the Theory that makes the Man with the Iron Mask a Brother of 
Louis XIV. 

Let us forget the scenes that have just been recalled. 
Let us cease for an instant to tike into account proofs 
brought forward and considerations advanced, and consent 
to admit each of the assertions previously combated. This 
mysterious son of Anne of Austria came into the world 
either in 1629, having Buckingham for father ; or, in 163 1, on 
account of the danger that the life of Loi;iis XIII. was in ; or 
else in 1638, some hours after the birth of a brother. He 
exists. Received by an agent as devoted as discreet, he 
has been brought up in the country, the resemblance which 
reveals his high origin has been successfully hidden from 
every one, and his person placed in security from all investiga- 
tions. But at what period was he imprisoned, and for what 
cause ? Of his youth, of his early years, passed in the obscurity 
of a retreat far from the court, there are no traces, and there 
is no reason for surprise at this. But as soon as he becomes 



PRISONERS CONFIDED TO SAINT-MARS. 59 

the famous prisoner whom Saint -Mars brought in 1698 
from the Isles Sainte-Marguerite to the Bastille, we have 
. the right to ask, and we must seek when, how, and under 
what circumstances he was arrested and confided to his 
gaoler. 

It would be to a certain extent probable that, left at 
liberty as long as his mother was alive, he was im- 
prisoned only after her death. But Annfe of Austria dies 
on January 20, 1666, and Saint-Mars receives no prisoner. 
Does the arrest date, as Voltaire affirms, from the year 
1661, when Mazarin died ? But Saint-Mars was then, and 
was to remain for three years, a brigadier of musketeers ; 
and it is in December, 1664, that D'Artagnan, his captain, 
points him out to the choice of Louis XIV. as governor of 
the prison of Pignerol, whither, a month afterwards, Fouquet 
is taken and confided to his vigilant guardianship. On 
August 20, 1669, a second prisoner, Eustache d' Auger, 
arrives ; but he is only an obscure spy, and is soon placed 
with Fouquet to serve him as a domestic. Would one have 
charged with this care, — would one have placed in the 
service of Fouquet, who, during the whole of his life had 
lived near Louis XIV. and Anne of Austria, a prince 
whose features recalled those of the King ? No other 
prisoner is brought to Saint-Mars until the arrival of the 
Count de Lauzun in 1671. Since then, and from time to 
time; others are confided to him, but we know their crimes 
or their ofiences, are not ignorant of the causes of their 
arrest, and see them rather badly treated ; and when, in 
1 68 1, Saint-Mars passes from the governorship of Pignerol 
to that of the fortress of Exiles, he only takes with him 
two prisoners, of whom he speaks contemptuously as " two 



6o THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

crows." 1 At Exiles as at Pignerol — at the Isles Saint e- 
Marguerite, of which Saint-Mars was in 1687 appointed 
governor, as at Exiles — if fresh culprits are confided to him, 
we know to what motive to attribute their detention, and 
nothing in their past, nothing in the treatment of which 
they are the object, nothing in their actions, allows us to 
suspect in any one of them a brother of Louis XIV. 
Certainly, one would hardly expect to find a despatch 
designating one of Saint-Mars' prisoners by the title of 
prince, and in order to be convinced we do not exact any- 
thing of the kind. But when, examining, one by one, each 
of the captives sent to the future governor of the Bastille, 
and amongst whom is necessarily the one that he traversed 
France with in 1698, we account for the causes of their 
arrest, and penetrate into their past ; when a hundred authentic 
despatches^ enable us to affirm that there are no other 
prisoners besides these, are we not justified in demanding 
where, then, is the son of Anne of Austria ? 

This famous despatch, a fragment of which was timidly 
quoted some years ago in a work from which it has since 
been omitted,' — this despatch, in the existence of which 
criticism had concluded to disbelieve,* and which is of 



^ All these facts come from official documents, authentic and tran- 
scribed by us. We shall give them further on when we introduce Saint- 
Mars into the story. 

'^ Archives of the Ministry of Marine; Archives of the Ministry 
of War ; Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs j Imperial 
Archives ; Registers of the Secretary's Office of the King's Household. 

' Biographic Universelle of Michaud, article on the " Man with the 
Iron Mask," by Weiss. The second edition does not give the extract 
from this despatch, given in the first. 

^ See, amongst others, the opinion of M. Jules I,oiseleur, Revue 
Contemporaine, article already cited. 



ST.-MARS ENJOINED TO ABSOLUTE DISCRETION. 6i 

capital importance, actually does exist and is authentic. It 
was dictated by Barbdzieux,^ and addressed to Saint-Mars, 
at the moment when the latter had under his guardianship 
the prisoner whom he was to take with him to the Bastille, 
and who died there in 1703 : — ■ 

" Monsieur — I have received, with your letter of the 
loth of this month, .the copy of that which Monsieur de 
Pontchartrain has written to you concerning the prisoners 
who are at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, upon orders of the 
King, signed by him, or of the late Monsieur de Seignelay. 
You have no other rules of conduct to follow with respect 
to all those who are confided to your keeping beyond con- 
tinuing to look to their security, without explaining yourself 
to any one whatever about what your old prisoner HAS 
DONE." fi 

But what crime could " tliis pretended brother of 
Louis XIV. have committed, except, indeed, that of coming 
into the world ? Is it objected that a slight fault committed 
in prison may be referred to, and that Barbdzieux, in this 
despatch, alludes to a recent occurrence ? But, if he re- 
commends Saint-Mars not to explain himself to any one 
whatever, it is evident that curiosity had been excited, and 
that every one on the island trying to satisfy it, the 
Minister thought it right to recommend, more energetically 
than ever, an absolute discretion. Would this discretion 
have been necessary, and would Saint-Mars have been 



" Louis rran9ois Le Tellier, Marquis de Barbezieux, many of whose 
despatches are quoted in the course of this work, succeeded his father 
Louvois as Minister of War, on the death of the latter in 1691.— 7>-a««. 

6 Arcliives of the Ministry of Marine ; Archives of the Ministry of 
War ; Imperial Archives ; Registers of the Secretary's Office of the 
King's Household. 



62 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

questioned, if only an insignificant breach of the internal 
rules of the prison had been in question ? 

Finally, what is one to think of the attentions, respect, 
particular care, evidences of an humble deference, all the 
accessory circumstances that have been invoked in favour 
of an opinion which nothing certain justifies ? Amongst 
the incidents upon which so much stress has been laid, and 
which form, in some degree, the romantic dossier of the Man 
with the Iron Mask, some are exact, and will find their 
natural explanation further on . Others, such as the visit of 
Louvois to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, have been invented 
at pleasure by popular imagination, and too easily welcomed 
by a complaisant credulity. It has been said, and is re- 
peated every day, that the Minister visited this island, and 
there spoke to the prisoner " with a degree of consideration 
which partook of respect,"'' styling him " monseigneur." 
Now Louvois was only absent from the court in 1680 for 
a few weeks in order to go to Bardges. We have, day 
for day, the names of the towns he passed through.^ 
The Isles Sainte-Marguerite, where, by the way, Saint- 
Mars did not arrive till seven years later, do not figure 
in the itinerary; and, after this journey, Louvois never 
returned again to the South of France. As to the dramatic 
episode of the silver dish thrown out of the window, which 
exposes the fisherman who finds it at his feet to a great 
danger, it has its origin in a similar attempt made by a 
Protestant minister confined, in 1692, at the Isles Sainte- 

' Voltaire, Siicle de Louis XIV., chap. xxv. 

8 Louvois had broken his leg the 3rd August, 1679. To complete 
the cure, which was slow, the doctors advised the Minister to go to 
Bareges. (See vol. iii. p.' 513 ^' ^^J. of the excellent Histoire de Louvois 
of M. Camille Rousset). 



"THE PRISONER FROM PROVENCE." 63 

Marguerite. This minister tried to interest people in his 
lot, by writing his complaints, not on a silver dish, which he 
did not have at his disposition, but upon a pewter plate, which 
determined Saint-Mars to give him only earthenware for the 
future.9 The fact has been applied later to the Man with 
the Iron Mask, to whom, as to all legendary heroes, the 
adventures of very different personages are ascribed. A 
careful examination of all the despatches collected mil 
enable one to trace back each of these rumours to its origin, 
and separate what is purely legendary from what is really 
historical. 

But because the exactitude of many of the acts attri- 
buted to the Man with the Iron Mask is disproved by this 
examination, one would be wrong in concluding that he 
never existed, or that, at least, there was not a great interest 
in concealing his existence. It is incontestable that Saint- 
Mars did, in 1698, escort to Paris a prisoner who died 
there five years later, who was known at the Bastille only 
under the name of "the prisoner from Provence," and 
whose mysterious memory was perpetuated in the redoubt- 
able fortress, to spread rapidly afterwards through the entire 
world. These are the real data of the problem. Although 
freed from all the foreign elements that have been mixed up 
with it, it exists and it remains to be solved. It is true 
that in the eyes of some, to take away the seductive figure 
of a brother of Louis XIV. is greatly to diminish the 
interest. But, addressing ourselves to those for whom truth 
alone has a sovereign and incomparable charm, we say to 



9 Despatches from Seignelay to Saint-Mars; Archives of the 
Ministry of Marine ; Imperial Archives ; Registers of the Secretary's 
Office of the King's Household. 



64 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

them : The Man with the Iron Mask is not a son of Anne 
of Austria, because to the impossibility of fixing the date 
of his birth is added the not less evident impossibility of 
proving his incarceration. If, in order to show that his 
birth is imaginary, we have touched upon many delicate 
points, it is because the gravity of the accusations with 
wjiich, in our days, the memory of Anne of Austria has been 
stigmatized, render such justifications necessary. In addi- 
tion to which, even should these researches be indiscreet, it 
is much less blamable to have made them for the purpiose 
of defence rather than of accusation, and to have raised 
certain veils, in order to let innocence shine forth in place 
of calumniating it. 



( 6s ) 



CHAPTER VI. 

The Count de Vermandois — His Portrait — Mademoiselle de la Valliere, 
his Mother — Anecdote from the Memoires Secrets pour servir h 
mistoire de Perse — Father Grififet adopts its Conclusions — Argu- 
ments that he advances — Motives which render certain of Ma- 
demoiselledeMontpensier's Appreciations suspicious — Improbability 
of the Story in the Mimoires de Perse — Illness of the Count de Ver- 
mandois — Reality of his Death attested by the most authentic 
Despatches— Magnificence of his Obsequies — Pious Endowments 
at Arras. 

Those whose minds are naturally inclined to the romantic, 
but whom even a superficial examination of the question of 
the Man with the Iron Mask has determined to put the 
hypothesis which makes him a son of Anne of Austria, 
on one side,* willingly see in him the Count de Vermandois, 

1 In the preceding chapters we have made no mention of a 
Memoire de M. de S(fint-Mars sur la Naissance de V Homme au Masque de 
per, published in vol. iii. of the Mimoires de Tous (Levasseur, 1835, 
Svo). According to this document, "copied by M. Billiard from the 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs," M. de Saint-Mars had 
been the governor of the mysterious son of Anne of Austria, whose 
high origin was carefully hidden from him. But this brother of 
Louis XIV. . having discovered it, was sent to the Isles Sainte- Mar- 
guerite, the command of which was then (in 1687) confided to his 
governor. If we have not spoken of this document, it is because its 
authenticity has already been completely disproved. It is nothing else 
than a copy of the apocryphal narrative of Soulavie, which we have tran- 
scribed and refuted in the first part of our work (see page 15). The 



66 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

natural son of Louis XIV. and Mademoiselle de la Vallifere. 
This opinion is a kind of compromise between the im- 
possibility of accepting an imaginary being for hero, and 
the desire of seeing in the mysterious prisoner a very high 
personage. After having sacrificed to truth this unfortu- 
nate brother of Louis XIV., called to the throne by his 
origin, and kept away from it by a perpetual detention, 
they take refuge in an intermediary system, undoubtedly 
less tempting, but of which the attraction is still very 
exciting, and which, in a certain degree, reconciles the 
exigencies of truth with the taste for the romantic. 

author of this copy has contented himself with substituting Saint-Mars 
for the " anonymous governor of the unfortunate prince." He did not 
think that he thereby added a fresh impossibility to tjiose contained in 
the narrative of Soulavie. For how could Saint-Mars, before 1687, 
have been the governor of a brother of Louis XIV., when a hundred 
despatches establish the fact that, from 1664, he was successively 
governor of the donjon of Pignerol and of Exiles ? As to the presence 
of this document in the Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 
■ there is no reason for astonishment. It is explained, like the presence 
of so many other documents in our archives, by the seizure of the papers 
of great personages after their deaths, or, more commonly, by having 
been transmitted by some ambassador inhabiting the country in which 
these apocryphal writings circulated freely. But the place where 
they are found gives them no authenticity. At all periods, and to-day 
even, ambassadors send to the Government copies of anonymous 
memoirs, pamphlets, and different papers, which remain joined to their 
despatches, but to which no historical value can be ascribed. It has 
been the same vrith this pretended Mimoire de Saint- Mars, of which, in 
addition, a mere perusal demonstrates the untruth to any one acquainted 
with the usual style of the illiterate governor of the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite. One sometimes hears it related — and this fact has been 
repeated to ourselves — that a great personage of a former Government 
introduced one of his friends, with much precaution, into the galleries 
of the Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and there showed 
him a document which contained the secret of the Man with the Iron 
Mask. It is doubtless the document attributed to Saint-Mars that is 
referred to in this anecdote. 



THE COUNT BE VERMANDOIS. 67 

It is no longer the question of a prince of whose very 
birth we are ignorant. The present one actually existed, 
and such interest as he inspires from the moment he comes 
into the world he owes to her who gave him birth. He is 
the son of that La Valli^re, equally touching in her heroic 
resistance to the inclination which impels her towards 
Louis XIV., and in )ier yielding, whom one esteems even 
when she succumbs, and whom one admires when she 
rises again to flee from the peril ; who, long virtuous, 
always upright and disinterested, lives entirely absorbed 
in her passion, then takes refuge in penitence, and 
powerful without having desired it, ignorant or careless of 
her influence, strong in her very weakness, subjugates 
without art and without study the most imperious of 
kings ; who, after having charmed all her contemporaries 
by her sweet and simple grace, and passed from the torments 
of a love unceasingly combated to the voluntary rigours 
of an expiation courageously submitted to for thirty years, 
has remained the most pleasing and most interesting 
character of this great reign, and will seduce even the 
most remote posterity. 

Louis de Bourbon, Count de Vermandois, inherited his 
mother's grace. He was tall and well made, and, like her, 
instinctively possessed that gift of pleasing which is never 
so engaging as when all about it is natural and nothing 
appears to depend upon art. Good and liberal, he had 
ways of obliging that were peculiar to himself, ^ and the 



2 Letter of Madame la Presidente d'Osembray to Bussy-Rabutin, 
dated December 22, 1683 : — Lettres de Roger de Rabutin, Comte de Bussy, 
vol. vi. p. 13s, edition of 1716. Testimony of Lauzun In the Mimoires 
de Mademoiselle de Montpensier, vol. vii. pp. 90, 92. 



68 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

most sensitive of men could not feel offended at his kind- 
nesses. With such as these, when he wished to aid them, 
he made bets which he was certain to lose, or he sent them 
money by a hand which remained unknown. He was sus- 
pected of acts of generosity, which he never acknowledged 
himself the author of, and those whom he obliged had their 
necessities relieved without being required to testify their 
gratitude. His proud bearing and the air of supreme distinc- 
tion which he inherited from his royal father, drew attention 
towards him still more than his high origin. To these out- 
ward charms, to these sentiments of exquisite delicacy and 
natural kindliness, which attached to him the soldier as 
much as the officer, Vermandois united a ready wit, a well- 
proved courage, a lively wish to distinguish himself, and to 
merit by splendid achievements the high dignity ^ to which, at 
the age of two years, he had been raised by the affection and 
pride of Louis XIV. Whilst still very young, and already 
in the midst of the army of Flanders, he had concealed a 
severe illness in order not to miss the noble rendezvous 
of an attack. * Like many of those destined to die pre- 
maturely, and who appear to foresee it, Vermandois 



8 That of High Admiral. See amongst the papers of Colbert, 
MSS. of the Imperial Library, a curious memorandum drawn up by 
him, "to know what name and title it is necessary to give to M. le 
Comte de Vermandois." Vermandois was endowed on November 12, 
1669, at the age of twenty-two months, with this office of High 
Admiral of France, which, suppressed in 1626 by Richelieu, and 
changed by him into the office of "Grand Master, Chief, and General 
Superintendent of the Navigation and Commerce of France," had been 
held successively by the Cardinal himself ; his nephew Armand de 
Maille-Breze, Duke de Fronsac ; Anne of Austria ; Cesar, Duke de 
VendSme ; and his son Franyois de Vendome, Duke de Beaufort. 

^ Letter of the Presidente d'Osembray, already cited. 



STORY IN. THE " MEMOIRES SECRETS DE PERSE." 69 

hastened as it were through life, and seemed to ' strive, in 
endeavouring to render himself early illustrious, to antici- 
pate the blow that was about to strike him. But sufficient 
time to attain glory was to fail him, and it was his destiny 
to leave behind him only the touching souvenir that attaches 
itself to beautiful hopes suddenly dissipated by death. 

An unforeseen amende was, nevertheless, reserved for his 
memory. Sixty years after his sad end an idea suddenly 
sprang up of adding twenty years of captivity to his short 
existence, and with the view of rendering his- destiny still 
more lamentable, of representing him as the mysterious 
victim of the rigours of Louis XIV. 

In 1745 there appeared at Amsterdam the Memoires 
Secrets pour servir d. PHistoire de Perse, ^ which, under 
supposititious names, contain the anecdotic history of the 
Court of France. This book, which had a prodigious 
success, and the editions of which were rapidly multiplied, 
owed in a great measure its celebrity to the following 
narration : " Cha-abas (Louis XIV.) had a legitimate son, 
Sephi-Mirza (Louis, Dauphin of France), and a natural son, 
Giafer (Louis de Bourbon, Count de Vermandois). Almost of 
the same age, they were of opposite characters. The latter 
did not allow any occasion to escape of saying that he 
pitied the French being destined some day to obey a prince 
without talent, and so little worthy to rule them. CJia- 
abas, to whom this conduct was reported, was fully sensible 
of its danger. But authority yielded to paternal love, and 
this absolute monarch had not sufficient strength to impose 
his will upon a son who abused his kindness. Finally, 

5 Published by the Compagnie des Libraires Associ& (Company of 
Associated Booksellers) in i2mo. 



70 77/£ MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Giafer so far forgot himself one day as to strike Sephi- 
Mirza. Cha-abas is at once informed of this. He trembles 
for the culprit, but, however desirous he may be of feigning 
to ignore this crime, what he owes to himself and to his 
crown, combined with the noise this action has made at 
court, will not allow him to pay regard to his affection. 
He assembles, not without doing violence to his feelings, his 
most intimate confidants, allows them to see all his grief, and 
asks their advice. In view of the magnitude of the crime 
and conformably to the laws of the State, every one is in 
favour of inflicting the punishment of death. What a blow 
for so tender a father ! However, one of the Ministers, 
more sensitive to the affliction of Cha-abas than the rest, 
tells him that there is a method of punishing Giafer without 
depriving him of life ; that he should be sent to the army, 
which was then upon the frontiers of Feldran (Flanders) ; 
that shortly after his arrival, rumours could be spread that 
he was attacked by the plague, in order to alarm and keep 
away from him all those who might wish to see him ; that 
at the end of several days of feigned illness, he should be 
made to pass for dead, and that, whilst in the presence of 
the whole army obsequies worthy of his birth were per- 
formed for him, he should be transferred by night with 
great secrecy to the citadel of the island of Ormus (Isle 
Sajnte-Marguerite). This advice was generally approved 
of, and above all by an afflicted father. Faithful and 
discreet people were chosen for the management of the 
affair. Giafer starts for the army with a magnificent train. 
Everything is carried out as had been projected, and whilst 
the death of this unfortunate prince is being lamented in 
the camp, he is conveyed by by-roads- to the island of 



VERMANDOIS MAINTAINED TO BE THE PRISONER. 71 

Ormus, and placed in charge of the governor, who had 
received in advance the order of Cha-abas not to let his 
prisoner be seen by any one whatever. A single servant, who 
was in the secret, was sent with the Prince. But, having 
died upon the journey, the leaders of the escort disfigured 
his face with dagger-strokes in order to prevent his being 
recognized, left him lying upon the road, and after having 
stripped him as a further precaution, continued their 
route. Giafer was transferred to the citadel of Ispahan 
(the Bastille) when Cha-abas bestowed the .governorship 
of it upon the governor of the island of Ormus as a 
recompence for his fidelity. The precaution was taken 
at the island of Ormus, as at the citadel of Ispahan, 
to put a mask over the face of Giafer, Vhen on account 
of illness, or other causes, it was necessary to let him be 
seen by any one." ^ 

This narration, which for the first time presented to 
public curiosity the anecdote of the Man with the Iron 
Mask, at once furnished food for conversation and became 
the subject of the most lively controversies. Several dis- 
tinguished critics hastened to a,dopt the opinion it expressed, 
while others combated it, and for a long time the Annk 
Littiraire x>i Freron was the theatre of a debate which had 
the savants and the curious of the whole world for attentive 
audience. Voltaire himself, in introducing for the first 
time the hypothesis which makes the Man with the Iron 
Mask a brother of Louis XIV., did not succeed in stifling 
an opinion which had secured a clever defender. Father 
Griffet, a patient disciple of Father Daniel, and the author 
of an excellent Histoire de Louis XIII., published in 1765, 

* Memoir es Secrets four servir h V Histoire de Perse. 



72 THE MAM WITH THE IRON MASK. 

in his fine Traite des Difftrentes Sortes des Preuves qui servent 
a Hablir la Vkritk dans VHistoire, a long dissertation upon the 
Man with' the Iron Mask, and in it pronounced resolutely 
for the Count de Vermandois. What proofs, or at least 
what probabilities, did he invoke ? 

He bases his argument upon the Memoires de Mademoi- 
selle de Monipensier, in which we read that "when Verman- 
dois left for the siege of Courtray, he had not long returned 
to the court ; that the King had been displeased with his con- 
duct and would not see him, on account of his having been 
mixed up with parties of debauchery ; that since that time he 
had lived in a very retired manner, and only went out to go to 
the Academy 7 and to mass in the morning; that those whose 
company he had been keeping were not agreeable to the 
King, which caused much grief to Mademoiselle de la 
Vallifere, by whom he was well scolded." ^ Father Griffet 
added that, long before the publication of the Memoires 
Secrets de Perse, a rumour had spread that the Count de 
Vermandois had been guilty, before his departure for the 
army, of some great crime, such as a blow given to the 
Dauphin. "It had been generally spoken of," says he, 
"on the strength of one of those traditions which have 
need, indeed, of being proved, but which are not necessarily 
false ; the remembrance of this one had always been pre- 
served, although there was not much noise made about it 
in the time of the late King, for fear of displeasing him ; 
of this many people who lived under his reign can bear 

' The academy here mentioned is not the present Frencli Academy, 
but a kind of gymnasium, where the nobles met to learn riding, fencing, 
dancing, &c. It is frequently referred to in the memoirs of the time. — 
Trans. 

8 Mimoires de Mademoiselle de Montfensier, vol. vii. p. 91. 



A ttemPt to identify him by an ana gram, n 

witness." The learned historian found another argument 
in the very name under which the prisoner of Saint-Mars 
was inscribed in the registers of the Church of Saint-Paul, 
the letters which form this name of Marchiali being those 
of the two words hie amiral, and designating thus by an 
anagram the high dignity of the son of Mademoiselle de la 
Vallifere. Finally, he published in the Ami}e Litteraire a 
second tradition, according to which " on the very day 
the body of the Count de Vermandois was to be transported 
to Arras, there left the camp, by a by-way, a litter in which 
it was believed there was a prisoner of importance, although 
the rumour was spread that the military chest was enclosed 
in it." 

Of all these allegations, the only one that deserves to 
be discussed is that which, reposing upon special evidence, 
namely, the MSmoires de Mademoiselle de Montpensier, 
shows us the Count de Vermandois, fallen into disgrace 
with Louis XIV. for having mixed himself up in certain 
debaucheries, and starting almost at once for Courtray, 
where he was to meet his death. One certainly finds no 
allusion to " a great crime " committed by Vermandois 
upon the person of his legitinlate brother, and this very 
silence would suffice to invalidate the pretended tradition 
invoked by Father Griffet. But as, from another point of 
view, these Mkmoires furnish a kind of basis for his argument, 
reveal a stain on the memory of Vermandois, and indicate 
a period at which the offence might have been possible, 
it is essential the value of this evidence should be weighed. 

In his Traitk des Differ entes Sortes de Preuves qui servent 
i etablir la Vkritk dans I'Sistoire, Father Griffet himself very 
judiciously remarks that before adopting the opinion of 



74 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASJT. 

a writer upon an individual whose contemporary he had 
been, it is desirable to examine whether he had not a power- 
ful interest either to praise or to blame him. Father Griffet 
displayed more prudent sagacity when he enunciated this 
excellent precept than when he neglected to apply it to the 
Memoires de Mademoiselle de Montj^ensier. He ought to 
have shown this romantic princess in her true light, endowed 
with a too lively imagination, whose self-esteem rendered 
her extremely accessible to the influence of others and 
incapable of protecting herself against interested sugges- 
tions ; whom Madame de Montespan and Madame de 
Maintenon, by incessant attentions and delicate and careful 
acts of civility, easily gained over to their long-time common 
cause ; and, in a word, whose credulous mind was entrapped 
by Madame de Maintenon in favour of the children of 
whom she was governess, and whom Madame de Montespan 
had had by Louis XIV. To love these, and above all the 
awkward Duke du Maine, must have led her almost 
infallibly to repulse the highly-gifted son of Mademoiselle 
de la Vallifere, who had the least intriguing and the most 
disinterested of the royal favourites for mother, whUst his- 
brother, better seconded, received from those surrounding 
him advice suitable to gain the heart, and perhaps one day 
assure him the immense fortune,9 of the opulent cousin of 
I^ouis XIV. To attain this object, to influence her, as was 
done, in favour of a child deprived of all attractive qualities, 
they did not hesitate dictating for her the most affectionate 
letters to the Duke du Maine, pointing out to him the steps 

' We shall see, in the course of this work, that they succeeded in 
securing at least a portion of this enormous fortune, thanks to the im- 
prisonment of Lauzun, the husband of Mademoiselle de Montpensier. 



. VERMANDOIS HELD IN GENERAL ESTEEM. 75 

most likely to please her, and suggesting to him filial 
sentiments for a Princess whom they ended by inspiring 
with a veritable maternal love, of which Mademoiselle 
de Montpensier had all the jealousy, at first provoked but 
a^erwards spontaneous, and which led her to detest the 
orilliant rival of the very insignificant but attentive Duke 
du Maine. This sentiment breaks out in several parts of 
her Mkmoires. "It seemed tome," she remarks, "that it 
was in order to disparage M. du Maine people said that no 
one would ever equal M. de Vermandois." And elsewhere, 
" I was not vexed at the death of M. de Vermandois, I was 
well pleased that M. du Maine had nothing to do with his 
affairs." i" How, after this, can we put faith in such 
suspicious testimony ? There is nothing to prove and 
nothing to disprove that Vermandois may have been led 
away by youth into being present at some dissolute pleasure- 
party unknown to the King, and that he may have 
incurred the latter's reproaches by this conduct. But his 
disgrace and the causes to which it is ascribed, his hasty 
departure, his father refusing to see him and banishing him 
from his presence, .Mademoiselle de la Vallifere in distress: 
all these circumstances, which are only to be found in the 
Memoires of the adoptive mother of the Duke du Maitie — 
must we accept them when impartial witnesses bestow 
unqualified praises upon the Count de Vermandois 11 and 
relate nothing that can tarnish his memory? Must we 
accept them when, some days after this pretended disgrace. 



1° Mimoires already cited, vol. vii. p. 92. 

1' Such as Lauzun, who was present at the siege of Courtray, and 
the Presidente d'Osembray. — See Lettres de Bussy-Rdbutin, already 
cited, vol. vi. p. 13. 



76 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

and at the first news of what was thought to be only a 
shght indisposition, Louis XIV. writes to the Marquis de 
Montchevreuil to cause Vermandois to return at once to 
the court, in order that greater care may be taken of him 
and that he may more thoroughly recover.^^ 

Is there any need to set forth the impossibility of ad- 
mitting that of two sons of Louis XIV., one, the Grand- 
Dauphin, the heir to the crown, could have received from 
the other the gravest of insults, in the midst of the court 
and at the end of a violent discussion, without any contem- 
porary writer having spoken of an event which would have 
had an inevitable celebrity ? In order to make this circum- 
stance appear less improbable, the Mkmoires de Perse repre- 
sent Vermandois as fiery, haughty, and unsubmissive to a 
brother who would one day be his king, whereas the most 
unexceptionable testimony '' establishes the fact that he was 
mild, affable, full of deference, and only anxious to acquire 
glory. The author of these Al'emoires, in order to render a 
dispute between the two brothers more plausible, asserts, in 
addition, that they were of the same age, instead of which 
there were six years between them ; and, at the period when 

'2 Dated November 4, 1683. The King to the Marquis de Mont- 
chevreuil. " Monsieur le Marquis de Montchevreuil — I have received 
the letter which you wrote to me from the camp of Courtray. I am very 
well pleased with what you tell me of my son, the Count de Verman- 
dois. But I am not the less uneasy, as the Sieur d'Aquin has told me 
that the fever has become continuous. You have done well to take him 
to Lille " (we shall see that they did not have the time to remove him to 
Lille) ; "he may remain there as long as may be needful for his health ; 
but as soon as it allows him to travel I shall be pleased at his returning 
here. Having nothing else to add, except that I am always very well 
pleased at your conduct, I pray God to take youj Monsieur le Marquis 
de Montchevreuil, into his holy keeping. — Louis." 

w See ante, p. 67. 



ILLNESS OF VERMANDOIS. 77 

this passionate act is ascribed to him, Vermandois was barely 
sixteen, while the Dauphin was already the father of the 
Duke de Bourgogne. 

There remains his premature death. Tacitus has said 
that when princes or extraordinary men die young, one 
finds it difficult to believe that they have been carried off 
by a natural course. This remark applies with justice to 
all epochs, and in. our annals how many crimes are there, 
imagined by popular passion and credited through the 
ignorance of the time, of which a healthy criticism, 
aided by the progress of medical science,^^ has in our days 
acquitted the pretended authors? Is there, in the last 
moments of Vermandois and in the transport of his remains 
to Arras, where he was buried, the smallest circumstance 
that can allow the most credulous mind to retain a single 
doubt, and to suppose that he left the camp of Courtray 
alive to be confided to the guardianship of Saint-Mars ? 

On November 6, 1683, the Count de Vermandois takes 
to his bed at Courtray. Ill for several days before, he has 
concealed his condition in order not to quit the army, and 
to be able to assist at the attack on the faubourg of Menin, 
where he displayed the highest courage. 

Consumed by fever, he is at length compelled to separate 
from the first corps-d' armk, which is about to form the 
camp of Harlebeck. Marshal d'Humibres had had the 
intention of causing him to be transported to Lille, and 

1* See, amongst others, the excellent work of M. Jules . Loiseleur, 
Problhnes Historiques ; the review, La Philosophie Positive, of M. Littre ; 
the fourth volume of the Histoire de Louvois, of M. Camilla Rousset, 
already cited ; the very curious appendices given by M. Cheruel at the 
end of each volume of his fine edition of the Mhnoires de Saint- 
Simon, &c. 



78 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

with this object had already made arrangements with the 
Marquis de Montchevreuil.i^ But a speedy aggravation of 
the invaUd's condition hinders the execution of this project. 
On the 8th bleeding relieves himj^s but, on the 12th, 
Marshal d'Humibres writes to Louvois that there are grounds 
for considerable Uneasiness. i^ On the 13th Boufflers writes 
to the court that, the head of Vermandois commencing to 
be affected by the disease, bleeding from the feet has become 
necessary. 18 On the 14th Marshal d'Humiferes, who had 
come to Courtray from the camp of Rousselaer, of which he 
is commander, finds Vermandois at the worst, the doctors 
very undecided, "and not daring to resort to extreme 
remedies.'' They determine to try them, however, but, 
doubtless, too late ; for, after a tolerably favourable day, 
during which the fever seemed to diminish and the brain to 
become clearer, a violent agitation ensues, abundant per- 
spiration exhausts the patient,!^ and, on the i6th, Boufflers 
announces that Vermandois has just received the last com- 
munion,2(' and that there is no longer any hope except in his 
youth. At the moment that he was writing this letter, 
Madame de Maintenon wrote to Madame de Brinon : -* 
" M. de Vermandois is very ill; have our great saint prayed 

15 Archives of the Ministry of War ; Letter from Marshal d'Humiferes 
to Louvois, "Camp of Courtray, November 7, 1683." 

18 Ihid. , Marshal d'Humiferes to Louvois, "Camp of Harlebeck, 
November 8, 1683." 

1' Ibid. D'Humieres to Louvois, "Camp of Rousselaer, Novem- 
ber 12, 1683." 

18 Ibid. Boufflers to Louvois, "Courtray, November 13, 1683." 

1' Ibid. D'Humieres to Louvois, "Courtray, November 14, 15, 
1683," and Boufflers to Louvois, "Courtray, November 15, 1683." 

-" Ibid. Boufflers to Louvois, "Courtray, November 16, 1683." 

21 Letter from Madame de Maintenon to Madame de Brinon, of 
November 15, 1683. 



DEATH OF VERMANDOIS. 79 

to for him." Vain hope, useless prayers ! On November 18 
the son of La Vallifere died of a malignant fever, surrounded 
by Marshal d'Humi^res, whom he had begged to remain 
near him, the Marquis de Montchevreuil, and Lieutenant- 
General Boufflers.^^ In the camp the grief was general, 
and the troops wept for him, for the good which he had 
done and the great things he had promised. At the court 
the impressions were various. The Hotel de Conde' 
deeply regretted this death, because the Prince was be- 
trothed to Mademoiselle de Bourbon. The Princess de 
Conti, sister to Vermandois, was inconsolable.^^ 

I.ouis XIV., much more sensitive than tender, and whose 
grief relieved itself all at once in a flood of tears which was 
of very short duration, had, moreover, already shown in 
favour of the children he had had by Madame de Montespan 
a sentiment of predilection which was to survive their 
mother's disgrace, and which Madame de Maintenon, their 
former governess, carefully cherished. As to Mademoiselle 
de la Valliere, Voltaire has said,^* and it has been often 
repeated after him, that she exclaimed on learning the fatal 
news : " It is not his death that I should lament, but his birth." 
This exclamation is not true ; it is not that of a mother. 
That the pious Carmelite offered as a sacrifice this new 
blow that smote her, that she accepted it as an additional 
expiation for her faults, one may admit. But that her tears 
only flowed because she had brought Vermandois into the 
world, that, at the announcement of the most painful of 



22 Archives of the Ministry of War ; Boufflers to Louvois, " .Cour- 
tray, November 19, 1683." 

^ Letter of Madame d'Osembray, December 22, 1683. 
21 Steele de Louis XIV. 



8o THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

afflictions, she was so little crushed by it as to be able to 
utter such words, is what no mother will believe. How 
much more acceptable is that testimony which Madame de 
Sevign^ bears in saying "that she perfectly tempered her 
maternal love with that of the spouse of Jesus Christ." 
" Mademoiselle de la Vallifere is all day at the foot of the 
crucifix," says the Pre'sidente d'Osembray ^^ on December 22. 
This is the true language of two mothers speaking of another 
mother who had Just lost her son. 

Pompous obsequies were performed over the remains of 
the son of Louis XIV. On November 21, the King sent 
word to the Chapter of Arras that the body of the Count 
de Vermandois would be transported to that town and 
buried in the choir of its cathedral church.26 On the 24th, 
the mayors and &hevins, bearing wax tapers, proceed to the 

^ Lettres de Bussy-RahUin, vol. vi. p. 135. 

^ The letter which we extract is from a learned article of Baron de 
Hautecloque, ex-mayor of Arras, published in the Chroniques Arte- 
siennes of M. P. Roger, member of the Society of Antiquarians of 
Picardy ; of the Count d'AUonville, Councillor of State, and of 
M. Dusevel, Inspector of Historical Monuments for the Department of 
the Somme : — 

" Very dear and well-beloved — Having learnt with very sensible 
sorrow, that our very dear and well-beloved son, the Duke de 
Vermandois,* Admiral of France, has lately died in the town of 
Courtray in Flanders, and desiring him to be placed in the cathedral 
church of our town of Arras, we send word to the Sieur Bishop of 
An-as to receive the body of our said son, when it is brought to the said 
church, and to have it buried in the choir of the said church with, the 
ceremonies observed at the burial of persons of his birth. 

' ' All of which we have desired to make known to you by this 



* This title may appear singular, but an old and curious book " Les 
Estats de France," which contains the genealogies of all the nobles of 
this period, describes him as "the Count de Vermandois, duke and peer 
of France. " — Trans. 



PUBLIC FUNERAL OF VERMANDOIS. 8i 

M^aulens Gate, where are already assembled the governors 
of the town and citadel, all the officers of the staff, the 
clergy of the different parishes, and the friars of the mendi- 
cant orders. The infantry line the road from the entrance 
of the town to the cathedral.^T At noon the roar of cannon 
and the tolling of bells announces the arrival of the remains, 
which are contained in a coach hung with black cloth, and 
escorted by the cavalry of the garrison. The Bishop of 
Arras, clothed in his pontifical robes, and his chapter, 
advance in procession and receive the body, which, removed 
from the coach, is borne by canons, and followed by the 
officers of the Council of Artois, those of the bailiwick, 
and all the other dignitaries of the county. Until Saturday 
the 27th, the day fixed for the solemn service, masses were 
said without intermission from six o'clock till noon in the 
Chapel of Saint- Vaast, where the body had been placed, 
and the canons and chaplains succeeded each other in 
praying there, the first during the day, the others during the 
night. 28 They selected, in the middle of the choir of 
the cathedral, in the place of " the angel," the spot that 

letter, and to state that our intention is that you should conform to our 
will in this and assist in a body at this ceremony as is customary, on such 
occasions ; and assuring ourselves that you will satisfy us in this, we do 
not make this present letter longer or more express ;, do not fail ; for 
such is our pleasure. 

" Given at Versailles, the xix* November, 1683. 

Signed, "Louis," and lower down, " Le Tellier. "" 

2' Register of the Hotel de Ville of Arras and of the Chapter. 

2s Ibid. 



* We think, with M. de Hautecloque, that this date should be the 
2 1 St. In the registers of the chapter it is in Roman figures, and there 
is reason to suppose that a clumsy copyist has inverted the order oi 
them and put xix for xxi. The comparison of dates and the very ex- 
pressions of the King's letter indicate it sufficiently. 

6 



82 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

appeared most distinguished for tlie inhumation, for, five 
hundred years before, it had served for the interment 
of Isabelle de Vermandois, wife of Philip d' Alsace, Count 
of Flanders, and descendant in the direct line of Henri I., 
King of France. The last ceremony was worthy, in 
its pomp and splendour, of the King who had com- 
manded it, and of the Prince in whose honour it was 
performed. The choir and the nave of the cathedral, 
entirely hung with black velvet, upon which shone silver 
escutcheons emblazoned with the arms of Vermandois, the 
lugubrious harmony of the service, the funereal light of the 
tapers, the sad and silent troops, the spectators all clothed 
in mourning, and, still more than these external signs, a 
sincere grief manifesting itself, especially amongst the 
gentlemen of the Prince's suite, in tears' and sobs ; such is 
the spectacle that the interior of the cathedral church of 
Arras presents on November 27, 1683. 

The evidences of the King's piety, and of the eagerness 
of the Chapter to satisfy it, did not end here. On January 
24, 1684, M. Chauvelin, Intendant of the province, drew 
up with the Chapter, in the name of Louis XIV., a deed in 
which it was stipulated " that the prelate, dean, and canons 
should say every day, each in his turn and during the year 
following the inhumation, a low requiem mass in the 
cJiapelle ardente,^^ prepared and hung with mourning for 
this purpose ; that on the 18th November of every year, or 
in case of hindrance on another day near that date, there 

^ [Chapel in which a dead person lies in state. — Trans. "] The 
cathedral in which Vermandois was interred no longer exists. De- 
vastated and greatly mutilated during the revolutionary period, it 
was almost in ruins, and was later completely demolished. The Church 
of Saint-Nicolas was built upon the site which it occupied in that part 



RELIGIOUS SERVICES AT ARRAS. 83 

should be celebrated in perpetuity in their church a solemn 
service, preceded by vigils of nine psalms and nine lessons ; 
that the Chapter should distribute annually to fifty poor 
people, who were to be present at these offices, five sols 
each, and an eight-pounds loaf; that there should also be 
given every year by the Chapter on the day of the service, 
to the poor Clairisses '" of the city of Arras, a sum of six 
liATes, in order that their community might pray for the soul 
of the Count de Vermandois, and that all the bells should be 
tolled on the day, and on the evening before,- as is customary 
at the obits of the bishops." In order to indemnify the 
Chapter for the expenditure imposed by him, Louis XIV. 
bestowed upon.it, in addition to magnificent presents, a 
sum of 10,000 livres, which served to purchase at the village 
of La Coutaie, near Bdthune, a farm, since then, and ■ for 
that cause, known as the Ferme de Vermandois. Until 
the year 1789, the stipulations contained in this deed were 
faithfully . executed, and, during more than ■ a century, 
November 25 witnessed a renewal of the alms of the Chapter, 
the prayers ofthe clergy, the assemblage of all the magistrates 
and municipal officers, and, in this manner, the remem- 
brance of the son of La Valli^re. 

In supposing that Vermandois could have given way to 
such a violent and hasty act towards the Dauphin, without 
the proof of it being handed down to us ; that Louis XIV. 
was cruel enough to condemn a beloved son to perpetual 
imprisonment; and, finally, that it was possible to keep 

of Arras styled the Cite, formerly completely distinct from the town 
properly so called. The Chapel of Saint- Vaast, in which the body of 
Vermandois was first deposited, formed part of the Abbey of Saint- 
Vaast. This chapel is the present cathedral of Arras. 
™ Nuns ofthe order of Sainte-Claire. — Trans. 



84 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

his abduction secret in the midst of the troops, how can we 
possibly admit that ceremonies, which the pious monarch 
always regarded as sacred, could have been ordered by him 
to deceive his subjects and take advantage of their 
credulity? How can we admit that this illness, of which 
we have traced all the phases, was feigned ; that the 
despatches that have been analysed were false; that 
Louis XIV. had for the accomplices of his stratagem 
men such as the Lieutenant-General Boufflers, Marshal 
d'Humiferes, and the Marquis de Montchevreuil ; that, not 
content with making them take part in such a singular 
project, he made a mockery of religion the better to mask 
it ? How can we admit that this bier, round which prayers 
ascended and tears flowed, was empty," and that the Prince, 
of whom pompous epitaphs vaunt the qualities, was then in 
rigorous confinement at Pignerol ? Finally, how explain, if 
not as the testimony of his sincere piety and affection, this 
solemn service, founded in perpetuity by Louis XIV., and 
which, in prolonging" it, would have aggravated an impious 
derision, and perpetuated the memory of a profane fraud ? 

SI In 1 786, Louis XVI. , moved with the rumour referring to this 
supposition, ordered the coffin to be opened. A procis-verbal drawn 
up December 16, 1786, in the presence of the Bishop of Arras, the 
provost of the cathedral, the head of the vestry, and the procureur- 
general, verified the existence " of an entire and well-shaped body." 
See the very interesting Vie de Madame Elizabeth, of M. de Beauchesne, 
vol. i. p. 543. To this decisive proof we have felt bound to add others 
for those who might be tempted to believe that another body than that 
of Vermandois had been enclosed in the cofRn. 



( 8s ) 



CHAPTER VII. 

Causes which render the Theory probable that makes Monmouth the 
Man with the Iron Mask — Political Position of Monmouth — His 
Portrait — He is persuaded to revolt against his Uncle James II. 
— He lands near Lyme Regis — His first Successes — Enthusiasm 
with which he is received — His premature Discouragement — 
His Defeat at Sedgemoor — His shameful Flight — He is captured 
and taken to London — Cowardly Terrors of the Prisoner — His 
Interview with James II. 

"It has been asserted," says M. da Sdvelinges, in an 
article of the Biographic Universelle,^ that the famous Man 
with the Iron Mask was no other than the Duke of 
Monmouth. Of all the conjectures that have been made 
upon this subject, it is perhaps one of the least unreason- 
able.'' M. de S^velinges says truly that in favour of this 
candidate for the honour of being the Man with the Iron 
Mask, if we cannot invoke one of those decisive proofs 
which enforce conviction, there are at least several indica- 
tions which seem to unite in designating him, and in forming 
what the English call cumulative evidence. The greatness 
of the crime to be punished, the powerful interest there was 
to effect the disappearance of this leader of revolt, and 
carry him off for ever from his partisans, the persistent 

1 Biographie [/mveiseUe of M.icha.\id, article "Monmouth." 



86 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

incredulity of the people respecting his death, his near 
relationship to James II., which renders the penalty of 
perpetual imprisonment more probable than that of death, 
are so many circumstances which, in certain respects, justify 
the opinion put forth in the last century by Saint-Foix, and 
explain' the obstinacy of this publicist in defending it. 

Monmouth is one of those historical personages who 
have been very variously, and in some degree contradictorily, 
appreciated. Placed at the head of a party which, from the 
first days of the reign of James II., sought to overthrow a 
king who remained a Catholic in the midst of a nation 
almost entirely Protestant; having attempted in 1685 a 
revolution which, three years later, was to be accomplished 
with perfect success by a prince better endowed and much 
more apt in playing this great part, Monmouth has incurred 
the blind enm.ity of the Catholics, and met with excessive 
praise from their adversaries. Unjustly vilified by the one 
party, insulted beyond measure by the other, he has been 
represented on the one side as an adventurer devoid of all 
qualities, and rashly engaging against his uncle in a mad 
enterprise fatally condemned to insuccess. Others have 
seen in him the glorious defender of the interests of the 
Anglican religion, threatened by the sovereign, the worthy 
precursor of William of Orange, the champion of the true 
faith, whose failure is to be ascribed to unforeseen circum- 
stances and the incapacity of his lieutenants. The same 
contradiction that exists in the judgments passed upon his 
attempt is to be found in the opinions given by his 
biographers as to his origin. Whilst some deny that he 
was the natural son of Charles II., and give us to under- 
stand that Lucy Walters was already pregnant with him 



MONMOUTH'S POPULARITY. 87 

when she became the mistress of the exiled Stuart, others 
are inclined to see in Monmouth his legitimate offspring, 
the issue of a regular marriage contracted during his exile 
by a king deprived of his crown, very thoughtless, and 
madly in love. As always is the case, the truth lies 
between these two extremes of disparagement and favour. 
Charles II. constantly showed the love of a father for 
Monmouth ; but if a marriage had united him to Lucy 
Walters, the proofs would not have remained hidden in the 
famous "black box" in which Monmouth's friends supposed 
them to be. Brought to light, they would have allowed 
Charles II., deprived of other legitimate descendants, to 
indulge his fondness for a son, an accomplished gentleman, 
and already the object at Whitehall of several distinctions 
reserved only for royal princes,- and to whom only legiti- 
macy was wanting for him to be universally received as the 
heir-presumptive to the throne. During his father's reign 
he enjoyed, in fact, a popularity which not even great 
defects had been able to compromise, and which the hatred 
inspired by the Duke of York increased. People detected 
in the latter, a future king entirely devoted to the Papists, 
and loved still more in Monmouth a prince of engaging and 
courteous manner, distinguished without haughtiness, some- 
times familiar, but without lowering himself, less effeminate 
in his manners than his royal father,^ and whose libertinage, 

2 He resided in the King's palace, had pages, and when he travelled 
was everywhere received like a prince. Charles II. created him suc- 
cessively Earl of Orkney, Knight of the Garter, and Duke of Mon- 
mouth. 

8 Grammont says of Monmouth in his Mimoires : " His face and the 
graces of his person were such that Nature has perhaps never formed 
any more accomplished. His countenance was perfectly charming. It 



88 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

fiery character, and acts of violence, were pardoned in' 
remembrance of his brilliant military exploits, in considera- 
tion of his past, and' the hopes that were based upon him. 
But the position at which he had arrived was far above his 
merits. His birth and the attractions of his person had 
raised him to it. As long as his father lived he maintained 
himself in it, supported by the interested affection of the 
Whigs, and never having to display any qualities but 
those he was liberally endowed with. When, at the death 
of Charles II., it was necessary for him to exhibit not only 
the gifts which had made him the idol of the people, but 
the talents requisite to accomplish a revolution, and to 
seize upon a crown, the mediocrity of his faculties soon be- 
came apparent. Intrepid upon the field of battle, he lacked 
decision in the council, and wavered irresolute between 
contrary suggestions. His natural kindness, which had won 
him the love of the people, sometimes degenerated into 
weakness. Of a very malleable disposition, he yielded too 
easily to the influence of others, and was often only the 
executant of their will. His ardour in action, above all, 
arose from the contact of those surrounding him. He hardly 
ever derived it from his own powers, and, left to himself, 
he readily sank into indolence. When he learnt in Holland 
the accession of JUmes II., which closed England to him, he 
could form no manly resolution, and forgot* in the company 

was the face of a man ; nothing insipid, nothing effeminate about it. 
Every feature had its attraction and its especial delicacy. A marvellous 
inclination for all kinds of exercises, an engaging manner, an air of 
grandeur — in short, all bodily advantages pleaded in his favour ; but he 
had no sentiment except such as was inspired by others." 

* Letter from Monmouth to James, dated from Ringwode, quoted 
by Macaulay, Histoire cC Angleterre depuis V Avlnement de Jacques II., 
translation of M. de Peyronnet, vol. i. p. 398. 



FAILURE OF MONMOUTH'S ENTERPRISE. 89 

of a loved woman s that he was the hope of a numerous party, 
the support of a great cause, the pretender to a throne. This 
inaction had its source in his carelessness and in his indo- 
lence of mind, much more than in a taste for obscurity ; for 
he did not long resist the prayers of his friends when they 
came to drag him from his retreat and arm him against 
James 11.,^ and not having had sufficient energy to con- 
ceive the enterprise himself, he equally lacked the resolu- 
tion to object to it. Such was the man whose coming a 
notable part of the English nation longed for, who was 
about to shake a throne, but without succeeding in over- 
throwing it ; because he had neither the profound views 
nor the persevering audacity with which great ambitions 
ripen and execute their projects. 

On June ir, 1685, Monmouth, accompanied by eighty 
men well armed, landed on the coast of Dorsetshire, near 
the little port of Lyme. The result of this expedition is 
a matter of history. There is no need to recount the trium- 
phant march to Taunton, the enthusiasm of the West, the 
fatal field of Sedgemoor, and the ignominious flight of the 
leader of the insurgents.^ Some days afterwards a man in 
tattered garments, with haggard face and hair prematurely 
white, is dragged from a ditch, at the bottom of which he 
was crouching, half hidden by the long grass and nettles, 
trembling and livid with fear, his pockets filled with peas 

" Lady Henrietta Wentworth. — Trans. 

s Bumet, vol. i. p. 630. 

' M. Topin's narrative has been here condensed, as it was hardly 
necessary to repeat to English readers the well-known story of Mon- 
mouth's fiitile enterprise, more especially as it has no kind of bearing on 
the point as to whether he was or was not the Man with the Iron Mask. 
— Trans. 



go, THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

gathered to satisfy the cravings of ravenous hunger. It was 
the darling of Charles's court, the hero of Bothwell Brig, 
" King Monmouth." 

Finding himself in the power of a monarch whom he 
had come to overthrow, whose real faults he had not only 
pointed out, but whom he had also calumniated by accusa- 
tions as infamous as unmerited, Monmouth did not under- 
stand that he was lost, and that James II., always in- 
exorable, would not feel for his most cruel enemy a pity that 
was unknown to him. Self-respect and his own dignity 
should have prohibited the vanquished from appealing to 
the clemency of his conqueror, even had this clemency 
been at all probable. But mere reason indicated that to 
ask mercy of James II. would only be a useless abasement, 
and that there was nothing left but to prepare for death. 
Monmouth had neither the courage nor the wisdom to 
reject the thought of an unavailing humiliation. He wrote 
to James II. in the most abject terms.* His letter was that 
of a man crushed by the approach of death, and who sacri- 
fices to the desire of living his past, his honour, those whom 
he had sought to gain over without succeeding, as well as 
the partisans whom he had conducted to their ruin. This 
was not all : no longer able to arrest himself in his igno- 
minious descent, he desired to see James II., and the latter 
was sufficiently inhuman to consent to in interview, which 
it was his unalterable will should remain sterile. Not to 
spare such an enemy was justified to a certain extent 
by the violence of his attacks ; but to admit him to 
his presence without pardoning him was a refinement 

8 Original Letters of Sir H. Ellis ; Newspapers of the period ; 
Despatch of the French Ambassador Barillon, July 13, 1685. 



MONMOUTH'S ABASEMENT. 91 

of vengeance and harshness. He enjoyed the barbarous 
pleasure of seeing his redoubtable adversary confounded, 
falHng at his feet, embracing his knees, shedding bitter 
tears, vainly trying to hold out his fettered hands to 
him, acknowledging and cursing his crime, offering to abjure 
his religion, and become a Catholic,^ beseeching pardon, 
pardon at any price. To this eagerness for life, to these 
supplications James II. only opposed silence, and turn- 
ing away his head he terminated an interview, in which 
we hardly know whether to feel most indignant at the cold 
cruelty of the conqueror or at the degrading terror and 
cowardly humiliation of the vanquished. 

It is at this moment that Saint-Foix, introducing Mon- 
mouth into this problem, gives him Louis XIV. for a 
guardian, Saint-Mars for a gaoler, and the prison of 
Pignerol for a residence. 

" I-etter of James II. to the Prince of Orange, July 14, 1685; 
Sir y. BramstorCs Memoirs, related by Macaulay; Burnet, vol. i. p. 644. 



92 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER VIII. 

Bases on which Saint-Foix has founded his Theory — Disputes of 
Saint-Foix and Father Griffet — The Recollection of Monmouth 
becomes Legendary in England — Ballads announcing his Return 
— Indisputable Proofs of Monmouth's Death in 1 685 — Interview of 
Monmouth with his Wife and Children — He is conducted to the 
Scaffold — His Firmness — The Last Words which he utters — 
Awkwardness of the Executioner. 

In an anonymous libel, published in Holland under the title 
oi Amours de Charles II. et de Jacques II., Hois d'Angleterre, 
we read "that in 1688, a few days after the departure from 
London of King James II., overthrown by William of Orange, 
Earl Danby sent to seek Colonel Skelton, who had formerly 
been Lieutenant of the Tower, which post the Prince of 
Orange had taken away from him, in order to give it to Lord 
Lucas. ' Mr. Skelton,' said Earl Danby to him, ' yesterday, 
when supping with Robert Johnston, you told him that the 
Duke of Monmouth was alive, and that he was imprisoned 
in some castle in England.' ' I have not said that he was 
alive, and imprisoned in any castle, since I know nothing 
about it,' answered Skelton ; ' but I have said that the night 
after the Duke of Monmouth's pretended execution, the 
King, accompanied by three men, came to remove him 



SAINT-FOIX'S THEORY. 93 

from the Tower; that they covered his head with a kind 
of hood, and that the King and the three men entered a 
carriage with him.' " ^ 

With the exception of this story, in the exactitude of 
which Saint-Foix himself has not very great confidence, 
since he says, " These are books whose authors seek only 
to amuse those who read them," " he invokes for the estab- 
lishment of his theory merely vague conversations, confused 
reports which he has collected, and the testimony of public 
rumour. " A surgeon," he tells us, " named Nelaton, who 
was in the habit of going every morning to the Cafd Pro- 
cope, related there several times, that when first assistant 
to a surgeon near the Porte Saint-Antoine, he was sent for 
one day to bleed a person, and that he was taken to the 
Bastille, where the governor introduced him into the chamber 
of a prisoner, who had his head covered with a long napkin, 
tied behind the neck ; that this prisoner complained of bad 
headaches ; that his dressing-gown was yellow and black, 
with large gold flowers ; and that from his accent he recog- 
nized him to be EngHsh." " Father Tournemine," adds 
Saint-Foix,* " has often repeated to me that, having gone 
to pay a visit to the Duchess of Portsmouth with Father 
Sanders, formerly King James's confessor, she had said to 
them, in a succession of conversations, that she should 
always reproach that Prince's memory with the execution 
of the Duke of Monmouth, after Charles II., in the 
hour of death, and ready to communicate, had made him 

1 Amours de Charles II. et de Jacques IL, Rois d' Angleterre. First 
part, pp. 74, 75- 

2 Riponse deM.de Saini-FoixauR.P. Griffet, Paris. Ventes, Libraire 
a la Montagne Sainte-Geneviive, 1770, p. 94. 

3 Ibid., p. 95 et seq. 



94 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

promise, in the presence of the host, which Huldeston, 
a Catholic priest, had secretly brought in, that, whatever 
rebeUion the Duke of Monmoutli might attempt, he 
would never have him punished with death. ' Nor did 
he do so,' replied Father Sanders, with animation." In 
order to explain how Monmouth could have been carried 
off alive, and how the people were deceived by this sham 
execution, Saint-Foix furnishes a proof not a whit less 
uncertain than the preceding. "It was reported about 
London," he says, " that an officer of his army, who closely 
resembled him, being made prisoner, and certain of being 
condemned to death, had received the proposal to personate 
him with as much joy as if he had been accorded life, and 
that, on this being reported abroad, a great lady, having 
gained' over those who could open his coffin, and having 
looked at his right arm, exclaimed, 'Ah! this is not 
Monmouth ! ' " * 

Slight as was the basis of this theory^ it must be admitted 
that Father Griffet combated it with very inconclusive argu- 
ments, and that Saint-Foix had no great difficulty in refuting 
him in his turn. ■ To the objection founded upon the use- 
lessness of always leaving in mystery the name of the 
prisoner who died in 1703, when both James II. and 
William of Orange had also' ceased to live, Saint-Foix 
repUed, very judiciously, that Louis XIV. might have 
consented to guard Monmouth at Pignerol, both in order 
to oblige James II., his ally, and to have in his power 
a Stuart, whom he might one day be able to oppose to 
the ambition of William of Orange, if James II. con- 
tinued to remain childless ; but that the unexpected 

^ Rlponse de M. dc Saint-Foix au R. P. Griffet, p. 96. 



SAINT-FOIX'S DEFENCE OF HIS THEORY. 95 

birth of a Prince of Wales ^ having rendered this piece 
of foresight useless, it was natural that Louis XIV. 
would not wish it known that he had constituted 
himself the gaoler of an English prince. " It was 
very likely indeed," added Saint-Foix,6 " that the par- 
tisans of William of Orange having published that this 
Prince of Wales was a supposititious child, would not 
have failed to say that since means had been found to 
represent oa the scaffold and behead one man in place of 
another, it was much easier to feign a pregnancy and a 
confinement." Now Louis XIV., who had continued to 
support the exiled Stuarts with sufficient obstinacy to im- 
prudently recognize this Prince of Wales under the title 
of James III.,''' was bound to prevent a revelation of a 
nature to confirm the injurious doubts which had arisen 
at the period of this Prince's birth.^ 

The necessity for the mystery being thus justified by the 
pride and self-interest of Louis XIV., Saint-Foix refuted 
Father Griffet not less cleverly on the point of the substitu- 
tion of an unknown individual for Monmouth about to die 
on tlie scaffold. Reproached with its improbability, he 
answered that this generosity was very easy to compre- 

5 Bom, June 21, 1688, of James II. and Marie d'Este; recognized 
as King by Louis XIV., November, 16 1701, on the death of 
James II. 

15 Riponse de Saint-Foix ail, P. Griffet, p. 11% et seq. 

' On the death of James II. This ill-timed boldness was one of 
Louis XIV. 's gravest errors, and stirred up the English nation against 
him. See our worlc V Europe et les Bourbons sous 'Louis XIV,, 
chap. viii. p. 190. 

8 See Chap. iv. (p. 51 ante) of the present work, in which this accu- 
sation of criminal fraud brought by William of Orange against his 
father-in-law, James II., has already been considered. 



96 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

hend — that such an act of devotion had scarcely any 
merit in an officer of Monmouth's army, condemned, like 
the latter^ to death, and who was sacrificing to his old 
general, not his life, but simply his name. Finally, a com- 
parative examination of several circumstances connected 
with the execution, ingeniously touched upon and grouped 
together, such as the choice of the bishops attending the con- 
demned, the few words that he uttered, the look of reproach 
which he gave the executioner, who did not kill him at the 
first blow of the axe,9 finished by convincing Saint-Foix. 

Moreover, Saint-Foix's error was also that of a portion 
of the English nation, who, through idolizing Monmouth, 
came to disbelieve in the fact of his death, just as Saint- 
Foix did through attachment to his theory. The popular 
affection survived even the generation who had espoused 
his cause;'" and the hero, adorned with all the seductive 
qualities that had made him the idol of the people, and 
clothed by time with qualities which he the least i* pos- 

' According to Saint-Foix, tlie bishops chosen were not acquainted 
with Monmouth's appearance, and the pretended officer only uttered a 
few words, while the look given by the victim after the third blow of 
the axe was intended as a reproach to those who had promised that he 
should die without pain. But these observations are more ingenious 
than well-founded. Monmouth was accompanied to the scaffold by 
the bishops who had visited him in prison, and we shall shortly see that 
he said a good deal, that the execution took place at ten o'clock in the 
morning, and that far from complaining even by a look of the execu- . 
tioner's unskilfulness, Monmouth bore his horrible punishment vi-ith 
great resignation. 

10 Obseruator, August I, 1685 ; Gazette de France, November 2, 
1686 ; Letter of Humphrey Wanley, August 25, 1698, in the Aubrey 
collection, given by Macaulay in his History of England. 

u " If the Duke of Monmouth had been able to have concealed 
himself or to have escaped, his last action had given him such a good 
reputation amongst the English that he would have been able to have 



MONMOUTH'S RETURN FORETOLD. 97 

sessed, speedily became a legendary character. In Dorset- 
shire and the neighbouring counties, many, during the 
remainder of their lives, cherished the hope of seeing him 
again; and for very many years, on the occasion of any 
important event, the old men used confidently to announce 
in whispers that the time was approaching when King 
Monmouth would reappear. Several ballads foretold this 
return : — 12 

" Though this is a dismal story 

Of the fall of my design, 
Yet I'll come again in glory, 

If I live till eighty-nine ; 
For I'll have a stronger army, 

And of ammunition store." 

Again — 

' ' Then shall Monmouth in his glories 
Unto his English friends appear. 
And will stifle all such stories 
As are vended everywhere. 

They'll see I was not so degraded, 

To be taken gathering pease. 
Or in a cock of hay up braided. 

What strange stories now are these ! " 

In many poor families trifling objects which had belonged 
to him have been preserved as precious relics even to our 
own days, and two impostors having on different occasions 
travelled about the country under the name of Monmouth, 



drawn many persons towards him every time that he might have shown 
himself to the people of England," wrote the French ambassador to 
Louis XIV., July 19, 1685 :— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 
section England, 155. 

12 They are to be found in the Pepsyan Collection, and have been 
given by Macaulay in his History of England. 



gS THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

found everywhere among the lower orders the most cordial 
reception, as well as encouragement, assistance, and evidence 
of the most touching and constant affection. 

How much more would this adoration, of which Mon- 
mouth had rendered himself unworthy by his flight, have 
nevertheless embellished his memory, and, without absolv- 
ing him, have made of him a legendary hero ; how much 
more striking still would it have appeared, if, as Saint-Foix 
believed, he of whom the poets sang in their ballads, of 
whom the peasants talked by their firesides in the evening, 
and whose speedy return the people were awaiting, had 
been, at that very instant, confined in a prison in the 
remotest parts of the Alps, his face hidden from the gaze 
of man, unknown to all save a gaoler as rigorous as he was 
incorruptible? When the stage took possession of the 
subject of the Man with the Iron Mask, it preferred to 
adopt the version which makes him a brother of Louis XIV., 
as being the most interesting one. The supposition that 
Monmouth was the Man with the Iron Mask would have 
bfen much more dramatic, because, while in some points 
touching upon reality, it would, on the one hand, have 
allowed bf representing a whole nation plunged in grief and 
filled with expectation, and on the other, the conquered of 
Sedgemoor following Saint-Mars from prison to prison, and 
after having almost attained a throne, being obscurely in- 
terred in the evening by two turnkeys of the Bastille ! 

But however thrilling this accumulation of misfortune 
would have been, history cannot admit its truth. Whatever 
Saint-Foix may have thought — whatever the English com- 
mon people may have believed — Monmouth died on the 
scaffold, July 15, 1685. Authentic despatches, signed by 



THE EVE OF MONMOUTH'S EXECUTION. 99 

Louis XIV. 's ambassador,i3 furnish proof of it; and this 
monarch, far from having been an accomplice, as has been 
said, of an abduction of the Duke, and far from having 
consented to act as his keeper, received day by day exact 
news of the early progress of his revolt, and of his defeat, 
capture, and death. In these despatches, penned by an 
impartial and perfectly independent witness, and which 
appeared destined never to be divulged, there is nothing 
that allows us to suppose that a pardon was granted, but 
we find in them instead irrefragable proof of James II.'s in- 
flexible severity. Almost to his last moment Monmouth 
showed himself but little worthy of the regret which he was 
to leave behind him. He saw his wife, but without emotion, 
and thought only of again beseeching his life from the Earl 
of Clarendon, who accompanied her. On the evening of 
Monday, July 14, he learned that he would be led to 
death the next morning. At once turning pale, he remained 
for a long time silent, and the first word that he could utter 
was a demand for a respite. He repeated this in several 
letters addressed to James II., as well as to the most con- 
siderable persons of the court, and desired to see the King 
once more, a request which was refused him. 1* When he 
had lost all hope he became shamefully depressed : to agita- 
tion, and to the efforts exerted up to that moment to save 
his life, succeeded a gloomy silence ; to cowardly fears, the 
dejection of despair. The next day his children were 
brought to him ; he blessed them, and bade them adieu, as 



" Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section England, 155; 
Despatches, June 23 and 28, and July 12, 19, 23, 25 and 26, 1685. 

1* Despatch from the French Ambassador, July 26, 1685 : " He 
asked a second time to speak to him, but it was not allowed. " 



lOo THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

well as his wife, from whom he parted without sorrow. '^ 
For many years his affection had been given to Lady Went- 
worth, whom he said was his wife before God, whilst he had 
espoused Lady Monmouth when too young for the marriage 
to be according to the spirit of God, although valid before 
the law. During the hours which preceded his death, Lady 
Wentworth was the constant object of his preoccupations, 
of his regrets, and of his most lively solicitude. Sometimes 
he maintained that his long relations with her had always 
been innocent, sometimes he gave out that he had always 
considered her as his legitimate wife. Without doubt it 
was the recollection of this noble and distinguished person, 
who loved him tenderly, and who a few months afterwards 
was to follow him to the tomb, that caused Monmouth to 
regain his feeling of dignity, till then disregarded. He all 
at once became more firm ; and at ten in the morning 
entered the carriage of the Lieutenant of the Tower with 
a courage worthy of his race and of the woman who had 
inspired it in him. 

The open space where the scaffold was erected, all the 
streets leading to it, and the roofs of the neighbouring 
houses were covered with a multitude, who showed its 
disapprobation by a silence broken only by sighs and 
sobs. Every eye was fixed on Monmouth, who, having 
smilingly saluted the soldiers of the guard, was mounting 
with a firm foot the steps of the scaffold. Every one awaits 
with anxiety his last words. He pronounces them in a loud 
and distinct voice, and with the energy of fanaticism. He 
finishes by saying, "That he has satisfied his conscience, 
and that he dies in peace with God." The Sheriff having 

15 Bumet, i. 645 ; Macaulay. 



MON-MOUTH ON THE SCAFFOLD. loi 

pressed him to declare before the people whether he died in 
the faith of the English Church, he answered " Yes," without 
hesitation ; and on the bishops who accompanied him 
observing that, according to the principles of that church, 
h£ ought to obey his lawful king, he replied, " There is no 
question of that now ; I have nothing to say about it." 
Then he added, " that he had God's pardon, and that he 
had nothing to reproach himself with in reference to Lady 
Wentworth, for whom he entertained as much esteem as 
affection." The Sheriff having represented to him the 
scandal which he had caused in Holland by living publicly 
with this woman, and having asked him if he had married 
her, " I am sorry for this scandal," replied Monmouth, "but 
this is not the time to answer your question." The bishops 
afterwards conversed with him about the consequences of his 
revolt, of the blood which he had caused to be shed, and 
of so many companions led on by him to their ruin. 
Affected by this language, Monmouth said in a low voice 
that he agreed with them and that he regretted it. Next 
the bishops present offered up fervent prayers, which the 
Prince listened to with attention, and to each of which he 
answered, " Amen ! " Then, addressing the executioner, he 
gave him six guineas, earnestly begging him to do his work 
quickly, and not to serve him like Lord Russell, whom he 
had struck three or four times. After having assured him- 
self that the axe was sufficiently sharp, he refused to have 
his eyes bandaged, and placed his head upon the block. 
The bishops continue their prayers. The tears of the 
crowd flow fast. The executioner, probably troubled by 
the fears which Monmouth had expressed, strikes the first 
blow unskilfully. The victim lifts up his head ; then, with- 



102 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. ' 

out uttering a word, replaces it on the block. Three more 
blows are struck by the unsure hand of this man, whom the 
yells and imprecations of the crowd cause to tremble. At 
length, at the fifth blow, the head is separated from the 
body, and the spectators rush upon the scaffold, some, in 
a state of fury, wishing to punish the awkward executioner, 
others, with pious haste, desirous of dipping their handker- 
chiefs in the blood of one whom they considered a martyr. ^^ 

IS Official despatches from the French Ambassador in England, 
July 15-25 and July 16-26, 1685. 



( 103 ) 



CHAPTER IX. 

Fran9ois de Vendome, Duke de Beaufort— His Portrait— His Conduct 
during the War of the Fronde — Unimportance of this Individual — 
Motives cited by Lagrange- Chancel in support of his Theory — 
Their Improbability — Reasons vifhich determined the Search for 
Proofs that leave no doubt of Beaufort's Death at Candia. 

Like Monmouth, a royal prince and the issue of an illegiti- 
mate connection, Frangois de Vendome had, like Monmouth, 
the rare privilege of being sufficiently beloved by the people 
for them, during a long time, to have doubted of his death. 
Ten years after the expedition to Candia, where he dis- 
appeared, the market-women were still in the habit of 
having masses said, not for the repose of his soul, but for 
the prompt return of his personal and these persistent 
doubts have caused Beaufort to be included, like Monmouth, 
among those in whom people have beheld the mysterious 
prisoner of the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. 

But these are the only points of resemblance between 
Charles II.'s natural son and Henri IV. 's grandson. Their 

' "Several persons here wish to wager," wrote Guy-Patin, Sep- 
tember 26, 1669, " that M. de Beaufort is not dead. utinam /" And in 
another letter, January 14, 1670: "It is said that M. de Vivonne has, 
by commission, the office of Vice-Admiral of France for twenty years ; 
but there are still those who insist that M. de Beaufort is not dead, and 
that he is only a prisoner." 



104 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

characters, their adventures, and their persons afford the 
most complete contrast, and these two idols of the English 
and French peoples have owed their equal popularity to 
entirely opposite qualities. 

Brought up in the country, in the most absolute 
ignorance, and having devoted his early years exclusively 
to the rude exercises of the chase, Beaufort, during the 
whole of his life, retained from this education of nature 
a coarse impress which made him the most really original 
personage of the courts of Anne of Austria and of Louis XIV. 
When, at the close of Louis XIII.'s reign, he appeared at 
the Louvre, in that court which was as yet far from being 
the most polished of Europe, he was not long in shocking 
even the least squeamish, and in opposing himself to the most 
legitimate requirements. His athletic strength, of which he 
willingly made a display, his characteristic and expressive 
features, the intemperate animation of his gestures, his 
affected habit of always keeping his hand on his hip, the 
tone of his voice, everything to his moustaches even, curled 
up out of bravado, contributed to give him the most provok- 
ing appearance. The rusticity of his manners was equalled 
only by the coarseness of his speech. He had not even 
received the usual education of the middle classes j and want- 
ing sufficient discernment to compensate by observation for 
his complete ignorance, he would, when speaking, mix up in 
the strangest manner possible hunting terms, which were 
very familiar to him, with court expressions, which he used 
without hardly understanding thera.^ C)nnical by habit, 

2 Mhnoires de la Duchesse de Nemours, vol. xxxiv. ; Mhnoires de 
Brienne, and of Conrat, Montglat, and of La Rochefoucauld. " He 
formed," says the Duchess de Nemours, " a kind of jargon of words so 



THE DUKE DE BEAUFORT. 105 

affected through a desire of imitating others, he had formed 
for himself a language " which," the Cardinal de Retz says, 
"would have spoilt even Cato's good sense." ^ This jargon 
ended by rendering ridiculous one whose appearance alone 
was already displeasing. But he took his revenge in the 
army, where these defects were less apparent, and where he 
had opportunities for displaying his manly qualities. Care- 
less of every danger, and even of a reckless courage, capable 
of enduring the most excessive fatigue, familiar with all the 
exercises of the body, he ceased to make people laugh at 
him, excited their admiration at the sieges of Corbie, Hesdin, 
and Arras, and when he returned to the court, was pre- 
ceded by a reputation for bravery which rallied around 
him a portion of his detractors. People shut their eyes to 
his eccentricities, and were better disposed to appreciate 
his manly frankness and probity. Accordingly, when, on 
the eve of Louis XIII. 's death, Anne of Austria was afraid 
lest the Duke d'Orl&ns or the Prince de Condd should 
have the Dauphin and the Duke d'Anjou carried off, it was 
to the custody of Beaufort, as "the most honest man in 
France," * that she confided her two sons. 

Although at first proud of this flattering mark of dis- 
tinction, he was not long in forgetting it, and in throwing 
himself very thoughtlessly into the enterprises of the Fronde, 
in which he made a sad enough figure. Enticed by the 
Duchess de Montbazon to join the cabal of the Importantsf 

vulgar or so badly arranged, that it rendered him ridiculous to everybody, 
although these words, which he arranged so badly, would perhaps have 
appeared very good if he had known how to have arranged them better, 
being bad only in the places where he put them." 

5 Mimoires du Cardinal de Retz, p. 9. 

* It was thus that she then designated him. 

^ The Queen's party. — Trans. 



io6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

brutal in his behaviour towards Mazarin, next imprisoned 
at Vincennes,6 allied with the Prince de Condd after having 
been the enemy of his sister, the Duchess de Longueville, 
a furious opponent of the .court after having shown himself 
the guardian of the throne arid the protector of the Regent, 
by turns at the service of the narrow passions and beggarly 
interests of the Dukes d'Elbceuf and de Bouillon, of the 
Marshal de la Motte, and of the Cardinal de Retz, without 
exactly knowing either for what cause he was fighting or 
what aim he was pursuing, Beaufort withdrew from the 
Fronde as carelessly as he had joined it, and became recon- 
ciled to the court with as little gain to himself as he had 
obtained from the Frondeurs by his alliance with them. 
To an incapacity for discerning what path he ought to 
pursue in the midst of contending parties, Beaufort joined a 
dangerous ignorance of his political nonentity, and like 
many persons who are wanting in judgment, he endeavoured 
to rule by the force of qualities in which he was most 
deficient. As vain as he was thoughtless, believing himself 
called upon to play a great part,'' he imagined that he had an 
aptitude for public business, because he could talk its cant ; 
he delighted in giving advice to those who were leading 
him as they chose ; and, wronging his real qualities by those 
which he wished to affect, he ended by exercising influence 

8 He was imprisoned there in 1645, and escaped in 1649. It was 
referring to this escape that Conde, incarcerated in his turn at Vincennes, 
on being recommended the Imitation ofjestis Christ in order to beguile 
his captivity, answered that he preferred the Imitation of the Duke de 
Beaufort. 

1 It is known that he one day asked President Bellifevre if he would 
not change the face of affairs by giving a box on the ears to the Duke 
d'Elbceuf? " I do not think," answered the magistrate, in a grave tone, 
" that would change anything except the face of the Duke d'Elboeuf." 



KING OF THE " HALLES." 107 

only over the multitude ; but with them he succeeded per- 
fectly. If, in order to please one's subjects, it is necessary 
to speak their language, share their tastes, adopt their 
manners, to be by turns abrupt and familiar, uncouth and 
haughty, nobody has deserved more than Beaufort to be the 
" King of the /miles." This title, which history has con- 
firmed, his contemporaries decreed to him unanimously, and 
the people accepted with enthusiasm. In the streets they 
followed with love this good prince who had consented to 
come and live near them in the most populous quarter, 
whose light hair and martial bearing the women admired, 
and who did not disdain occasionally to descant to the 
populace from a post, and sometimes to display his strength 
in street quarrels. 

But when Louis XIV. attained his majority, this king 
of the populace became the most submissive of his subjects. 
• Lagrange-Chancel, in order to establish the theory which 
makes the Duke de Beaufort the Man with the Iron Mask, 
and explain his pretended detention at Pignerol, speaks " of 
his turbulent spirit, of the role he had played in all the 
party movements of the time of the f ronde." ^ He adds 
that "his office of High Admiral placed him daily in a 
position to thwart the great designs of Colbert, charged 
with the department of the Marine." Nothing can be less 
exact, and in 1663, when Beaufort became High Admiral, 
the passions, kindled during the Fronde, were extinguished, 
the ambitious satisfied or quelled. The most turbulent 
chiefs, such as Rochefoucauld, were plunged in an idleness 
which was scarcely menacing. Those who had been the 

8 Annie Litteraire : Letter of Lagrange-Chancel to M. Freron on the 
subject of the Man with the Iron Mask. 



io8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

most hostile then made a display of their submission and 
servility. Whilst the Cardinal de Retz, in retirement at 
Commercy, was making up for his inaction and want of 
power by writing his immortal Memoirs, the Prince de 
Conti was espousing the niece of Mazarin, and Condd was 
gratefully receiving the order of the Holy Ghost from 
the King.9 The most indocile and most arrogaht of the 
nobility, who had disturbed the Regent's authority, con- 
strained the court to leave Paris, sent away Mazarin, and 
agitated the whole kingdom, now crowded the ante-chambers 
of Louis XIV. and disputed the signal honour of being 
present when he retired to bed, and of holding a candlestick 
on the occasion. 

Beaufort was not the least assiduous in giving satisfac- 
tion to the absolute monarch. Little formed for command, 
for which an extreme impetuosity rendered him unsuited, 
he received very humbly the severe reprimands of Louis XIV. 
and Colbert, and supported the yoke of the master as 
docilely as he was harsh and imperious to his own officers.'" 
If he was always menacing the latter with ill-treatment 
and with having them thrown into the sea, he submitted, 
in his naval expeditions, to the control and almost to the 
rule of the Intendant placed at his side by Colbert." Nothing 
in him, then, was dangerous to the court: neither his 
character, for his subordinates alone experienced its violence ; 
nor his talents, which were almost nugatory; nor his preten- 
sions, which had become very much reduced ; nor his popu- 



9 Art de Vh-ifier les Dates, vol. vi. pp. 273 and 277. 
1" CEuvres de Louis XIV. , vol. v. p. 388 et set/. 
11 Relation de Gigiry, faite au Rot par M. de Gadagne, Lieutenant- 
Ginh'al: — Imperial Library, Manuscripts. 



BEAUFORT NEVER REBELLED AGAINST LOUIS XIV. 109 

larity, which scarcely extended beyond the boundaries of 
his kingdom of the halks. More than that, he had, in the 
eyes of the King, the merit of belonging, through his father, i^ 
to those illegitimate princes whom Louis XIV. was constantly 
to favour — at first from political interest, with the view of 
opposing them to the legitimate heirs of the great families ; 
then from paternal aifection, when his own amours had 
quickly increased their number — and to whom, from a pride 
more and more immoderate, he was to accord successively 
precedence over the peers, then the rank of royal princes, 
and, lastly, to the shame of the whole kingdom, rights to 
the throne of France. One cannot understand, then, for 
what motive Louis XIV. would have sought to have got rid 
of a prince too unimportant to excite his jealousy, too sub- 
missive for a revolt to be feared from him, and who, the 
son of a bastard, was preparing for and justifying by his 
example the early and more and more scandalous elevation 
of the illegitimate offspring of the great King. 

Previous to the expedition to Candia, whither, according 
to Lagrange-Chancel, and those who share his opinion,^* 
Beaufort was sent in order that he might be carried off and 
afterwards condemned to perpetual imprisonment, was there 
any act in the Admiral's naval career, by which he had 
entered into a state of rebellion against the court ? Was there 
anything of the kind in the expedition of 1664, when, in spite 
of the opinions of his lieutenants, some of whom wished 



'^ Caesar de Vendome, natural son of Henri IV. and Gabrielle 
d'Estrees, and of whom the Duke de Beaufort was the second son, bom 
in January, 1616: — Art de VMfier les Dates, -voi. xii. p. 521. 

13 Such as Lenglet-Dufresnoy, Plan de VHistoire Ginh-ale et Par- 
ticulHre de la Monarchic Frangaise, vol. iii. p. 268 et seq. Paris, 1 754. 



no THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to attack Bona first, others Boujeiah,i* Beaufort, adhering too 
strictly to Louis XIV. 's detailed instructions, directed an 
attack on Gigery, of which he possessed himself prematurely, 
and compromised the results of the campaign by a scrupu- 
lous obedience to orders given at a distance, and which he 
ought to have been bold enough to have disregarded? 
Was there anything in 1666, when he was charged to com- 
mand the escort of the new Queen of Portugal," and when, 
in spite of his ardour and of a noble desire to hasten to an 
encounter with the English, he agreed, so as to obey orders, 
to remain immovable in the waters of the Tagus ? 

But let us admit that the cause of this imprisonment, 
sought for in vain, can never be known to us, or rather, 
that the humble deference displayed by Beaufort towards 
Louis XIV. had not destroyed in the mind of the latter the 
remembrance of the violent passion which made the Admiral 
so ungovernable in his behaviour towards his officers. Let 
us admit an imaginary crime in order to explain an abduc- 
tion which there is nothing positive to justify. Then the 
precautions taken after the abduction would be explained 
to a certain extent, by the popularity which Beaufort enjoyed 
at Paris, and Saint-Foix, in refuting Lagrange-Chancel, has 
been too positive in affirming the contrary. 

" The King's authority was consolidated," he says,'^ 
" and the imprisonment of the great Condd himself, if it had 
been considered necessary to have had him arrested, would 
not have caused the least disturbance." Assuredly, but 

'* Memoire de M. de Gadagne, already quoted. 

" Marie de Savoie, Duchess de Nemours, wife of Alphonso VI., 
King of Portugal. 

" Eiponse de Saint-Foix et Recudl de tout ce qui a ki icrit mr le 
Prisonnier Masque, p. 20, 1770. 



BEAUFORT NEVER A PRISONER OF SAINT-MARS, ni 

would things have been the same for the " King of the 
halles," whom the people still thoroughly idolized ? 

This only of Lagrange's numerous arguments being 
admitted, and the necessity of hiding Beaufort from the 
gaze of all being recognized, would his abduction have been 
possible at Candia, in the midst of the fleet and in the 
presence of the army? What were the causes of this 
expedition, and among them can we detect a desire on 
the part of the King to send Beaufort with it, in order to 
get rid of him afterwards ? Lastly, was this individual, 
who all the accounts agree in saying had disappeared — was 
he in reality killed, and can we invoke perfectly conclusive 
proofs of his death ? This is what it is essential to examine. 
Contemporary criticism has, up to the present, refuted the 
opinion which we are combating, by availing itself only of 
the correspondence of Louvois with Saint-Mars, ^^ and by 
showing that not a line of these despatches permits us to 
believe that Beaufort was detained at Pignerol. Let us push 
the demonstration still further, and as we have attempted 
with regard to the hypothesis of a brother of Louis XIV., 
and with regard to Vermandois and Monmouth, do not 
let us content ourselves with this indirect proof; since, 
to the silence preserved by Saint-Mars and Louvois with 
reference to each of these individuals, sceptics could bring 
forward as objections the suppression of the despatches 
concerning them or the exclusive employment of verbal 
mess^es. This is why, instead of invoking the usual 
argument founded upon an examination of the despatches 
between the gaoler and the Minister, we have availed ourselves 

" Amongst others, M. Paul Lacroix (Bibliophile Jacob), Histoirt 
de V Homme au Masque de Fer, 1840, p. 161. 



112 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

of it merely in a subsidiary manner, and only after having 
previously sought to establish that a mysterious brother of 
Louis XIV. never existed, that Vermandois succumbed 
before Courtray, and that Monmouth died on the scaffold. 
This double demonstration has appeared indispensable to 
us in a matter where every one, having held a favourite 
opinion for a long time, is little disposed to accept another 
tending to upset it : so let us try the method for Beaufort in 
his turn. 



( "3 ) 



CHAPTER X. 

Causes of the Expedition to Candia — Court Intrigue — Turenne and the 
Duke d'Albret — Preparations for the Expedition — Beaufort Com- 
mands it — Departure of the Fleet — Its Arrival before Candia — 
State of this Island — Description of the Place besieged — Last 
Council of War — Plan of Attack, which is fixed for the Middle of 
the Night of June 24, 1669 — The First Movements are successful 
— Terrible Explosion of the Magazine of a Battery — Fearful Panic 
— Rout of the French — Re-embarkation of the Troops — Certainty 
of Beaufort's Death. 

The causes of the expedition to Candia have not been 
entirely indicated. It is said ^ " that public opinion in 
France, having received the peace of Aix-la-Chapelle badly, 
the army especially complaining of it, Louis XIV. and 
Louvois eagerly seized the opportunity of diverting this 
unquiet zeal, of making this flame burn out, and that they 
willingly allowed themselves to be persuaded by the Nuncio 
and the Venetian Ambassador to send assistance to Candia, 
menaced by the Turks." To this consideration, which 
certainly was of great weight, it is necessary to add the 
influence of a court intrigue, and to explain the very 
particular motives which Louis XIV. had for pleasing the 
Pope. 

1 M. Camille Rousset, Histoire de Louvois, already quoted, vol. i. 
p. 257. 

8 



114 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Louvois having succeeded in causing his brother, Le 
TeUier, to be appointed to the coadjutorship of Rheims, in 
preference to the Duke d'Albret, nephew of Turenne, and 
the illustrious Marshal, not having been more successful in 
getting his relation named coadjutor of the Archbishop of 
Paris, Louis XIV., to appease his resentment, promised the 
young abb^ a cardinal's hat. Madame de Montespan, 
related to the d'Albret family, and already all-powerful, 
exerted herself with all her influence to hasten the fulfilment 
of this promise. On the other hand, the Prince d'Awersberg, 
one of the principal ministers of Leopold, had received from 
Gr^monville, the French Ambassador, the assurance of 
Louis XIV.'s support to obtain from Clement IX. a 
cardinal's hat, in return for his assiduity in serving near the 
Emperor the interests of the King in the great afiair of 
• the treaty for the partition of the Spanish monarchy, signed 
secretly in 1668. The Pope knew how to turn this double 
demand to his own profit.^ He enlarged greatly upon his 
extreme desire to satisfy the Most Christian King, but also 
upon his fears of irritating the other Catholic nations by a 
preference which would be insulting to them. He alleged 
the necessity which then existed for him not to render any 
Power discontented, and for causing them all to be united 
in repelling the common enemy of Christianity. "Thus, 
Monseigneur,'' wrote our envoy at Rome to De Lionne, 
"your Excellency will very easily perceive that if I had 
something positive to say as to what his Majesty has 
resolved to do with reference to the affairs of Candia 
during next season, I should meet with more facility here 

2 Letter from the AbW Bigorre to De Lionne, December 28, 1668: — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Rome, 1669. 



THE EXPEDITION AGAINST CANDIA. 115 

for the advancement of the promotion." 3 That the piety 
and religious sentiments of Louis XIV. may have counted 
for something in his resolution to send troops to Candia to 
fight against the Turks, is possible. That he may have been 
determined by the necessity of offering glorious amends to 
the army, discontented at the peace of Aix-la-Chap'elle, can 
certainly not be denied. But, nevertheless, one must not 
overlook the influence which would have been exercised 
upon Louis XIV.'s decision by the certainty of satisfying the 
Pope in so tender a point, and by being able at one and the 
same time to keep his engagements towards the Minister of 
the Empire, content Turenne, and please Madame de Monte- 
span. In any case it is impossible to reckon among these 
numerous causes a pretended desire to get rid of Beaufort, 
and there is no need to invoke so unlikely a motive, while 
so many positive grounds exist to explain this expedition. 

The Duke de Beaufort was naturally chosen to com- 
mand it.* In spite of his violence of character, everything 
called him to it ; his birth, his rank of High Admiral, the 
commands which he had already held in several naval 
expeditions, and a certain aptitude which he possessed for 
the sailor's rude and perilous calling. Under his orders, 
Rochechouart, Count de Vivonne, had the direction of the 

3 Letters from the AbbeBigorre to De Lionne, December 28, 1668. 
After the expedition to Candia, M. d'Albret alone received the hat. See 
despatches from the Abbe Bigorre to De Lionne, July 9, 1669, and from 
the Abbe de Bourlemont to De Lionne, August 9, 1669: — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Rome, 1669. 

* Instruction que le roi a risolu Itre envoyie h M. le due de Beaufort, 
pair, grand maitre, chef et surintendant gSnSral de la navigation et 
commerce du royaume, sur Vemfloi de Varmie navale que S.M. viet en 
^7ier sous son commandement pendant la prisente campagne : — Imperial 
Library, Manuscripts, Colbert's Papers. 



Ii6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. ' 

galleys, and the Duke de Navailles was the commander of 
the landing forces. These troops were 7,000^ in number, 
and were officered by the elite of the nobility,^ who made it 
a duty of chivalry to serve against the infidel. It was in 
some sort a new crusade, and, if it excited less enthusiasm 
than when people undertook to deliver the tomb of Christ, 
if the powerful lever of a robust faith, which had formerly 
raised up entire nations, had long since become weakened, 
French audacity and valour found a certain romantic attrac- 
tion in a distant expedition, directed against a country and 
an adversary equally unknown. 

In a few days collections, organized throughout the 
kingdom, had met the expenses of fitting out the expedition ; 
and June 5, 1669, the fleet left Toulon during the finest 
possible weather, which lasted the whole of the voyage, and 
rendered it extraordinarily quick. Composed of twenty-two 
vessels of the line and of three galiotes^ the fleet joined, on 

s Letters from De Lionne to the Cardinal Rospigliosi upon the troops 
promised by Louis XIV., January 11 and February 26, 1669: — Archives 
of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Rome. Etat des armks de 
mer et de terre envoyies far le roi tris-chritien en Candle, en la prisente 
annk 1669: — Archives of the Ministry of Marine. Letter from Louvois 
to the Governors, February 20, 1669: — Archives of the Ministry of War. 
. 6 Among them vpere the Count de Choiseul, MM. de Castellan and 
de Dampierre, Marquis de Saint- Vallier, Duke de Chateau-Thierry, 
Marquises d'O, d'Huxelles, and de Sevigne, &c. &c. :— Letter from 
Madame de Sevigne to Bussy-Rabutin, August 18, 1669. At the end 
of 1668, Count de Saint-Paul and Count de la Feuillade had gone to 
succour Candia at the head of three hundred volmiteers. But they 
returned after a very murderous sally, having lent the Venetians an 
assistance more brilliant than actually efficacious. 

' [These were small vessels of light draught, without any foremast. 

Trans.l The galleys, to the number of thirteen, commanded by Vivonne 
were delayed several days off the coasts of Italy, and only arrived a 
week after Beaufort: — Archives of the Ministry of Marine. 



THE FRENCH FLEET SIGHTS CANDIA. 117 

the 17 th, fourteen "Venetian boats charged with horses, near 
Cape Sapienza, off the point of the Morea. On the 19th, at 
five o'clock in the morning, the western extremity of the Isle 
of Candia was sighted. At the head of the squadron sailed 
the flag-ship Le Monarque, its poop covered with brilliantly- 
gilt carvings by Puget, and at its mast-head the papal 
standard, richly embroidered with the arms of the Holy See. 
At the sight of the land, which was in possession of the 
Turks, ensigns of a thousand colours were displayed on 
l.e Monarque. Every other vessel in its turn immediately 
joined in this proud salute. The French cannon burst forth, 
the Turkish batteries replied to it from the port of Canea, 
and, amidst the uproar of this inoffensive discharge, amidst 
the resplendent gleams of the rising sun, the fleet passed 
majestically before the enemy ; arid, doubling the point of 
the island, directed its course towards the capital, which it 
had come to defend. 

By degrees, as it approached, the delightful spectacle of 
fertile meadows bounded afar off by green wooded hills, 
which but lately had been offered to the sight, became 
changed to a picture of desolation and mourning. During 
several years the Turks, commanded by the Grand Vizier 
Mahomet-Kioprili, had little by little taken possession of 
the entire island, with the exception of the principal town, 
which the Venetians were holding by desperate efforts 
against an enemy that unceasingly recruited its losses, and 
advanced slowly but with indefatigable tenacity. The French 
fleet, continuing its course, sees before it a country bearing 
traces of long and cruel devastation. The mountains 
shorn of their forests to meet the necessities of war, present 
their bare and ravaged sides to the view. The soil is un- 



ii8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

tilled and arid. Beside immense quarries rise lofty engines 
for throwing stones upon the besieged. To the deep silence 
of these solitudes succeeds the reverberations of artillery, 
whose detonations, at first confused, soon become quite 
distinct. At times a flash of reddish flames is suddenly 
perceived, — it is an advanced work blown up by a mine ; at 
others a shell rapidly traverses the air, and, perhaps, lights 
upon and destroys a building of the town. At last, just as 
the soldiers, crowded upon the decks, reach the end of their 
voyage, their attentive looks discern the camp of the Turks,* 
surmounted by waving banners and protected by breast- 
works, sandy spots where the cavalry are exercising, vast 
stores of arms, machinery at work, wounded being carried 
on litters, a formidable army in a state of commotion, 
animation, movement, and life ; and, in the background, 
standing out from the horizon, the ramparts of Candia over- 
looked by its silent steeples, its almost deserted towers, with 
here and there some domes which glitter in the sun. 

The evening following their arrival, Beaufort, Navailles, 
and the general officers, cautiously left the roadstead where 
the squadron had cast anchor, and in a little row-boat, with 
carefully muffled oars, succeeded in eluding the vigilance of 
the Turks, and in penetrating into the port of the besieged 
town.8 Their disappointment on arriving there was extreme ; 
and after having been witnesses, during the day, of the 
energy and vigour displayed by the besiegers, they con- 
vinced themselves, during the evening, of the dejection and 
impotence of the defenders of Candia. Whilst the Ambas- 



^ Letters of Saint-Andre-Montbrun : — Manuscripts of the Imperial 
Libraiy. Letters from Navailles to the King : — Archives of the Ministry 
of Marine. 



CONDITION OF THE DEFENDERS OF CANDIA. irg 

sador of the Venetian Republic had affinned at Versailles 
that their number still amounted to 14,000 men, it was, in 
reality, reduced to 6,000 combatants, who, discouraged and 
ill, considered the loss of the town as inevitable, and con- 
tinued to fight through duty, but without hope.9 The 
gunners had nearly all perished in the subterranean gal- 
leries, where the Turks had pursued them with the im- 
placability of fanaticism. Of the two principal bastions 
of the place, one, the Bastion Saint-Andrew, was already 
in the power of the 'enemy ; and the Venetians were too 
weak to preserve the other — that of the Sablonnifere — ^much 
longer. The streets, blocked up with rubbish, scarcely 
afforded a passage for the troops. Here and there smoking 
ruins, in the midst of an open space, bore witness to a recent 
fire. Far apart were houses, their upper stories turned into 
casemates, and looking like isolated citadels, where the 
unhappy inhabitants had crowded to take refuge. In 
the open places were to be seen a few soldiers pacing up 
and down in silence, or perhaps some wounded being 
carried from the trenches and accompanied by a priest. 
Everywhere were the certain 'signs ■ of utter discouragement 
and of approaching defeat. 

"The universal opinion is that the town can only be 
succoured by a general engagement," wrote the Intendant 
Delacroix to France. i" He expressed the opinion of the 
Council, which had assembled on the 20th at Candia. This 
was unanimous; and Saint-Andr^-Montbrun,ii Beaufort, 

s Letter from Navailles to the King, July 5, 1669. 

1" Letter from Delacroix to Louvois, June 22, 1669 : — Archives of 
the Ministry of War. 

11 The Marquis de Saint-Andre-Montbrun, a French nobleman, had 
been for several years in Candia, and by his courage and talents had 
finished by becoming, under Morosini, the chief general of the Venetians. 



120 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Morosini (the captain-general of the Venetians), as well as / 
Navailles, saw some chances of success only in a vigorous 
sortie from the side of the Sablonnifere. There, in truth, a 
portion of the Turks were separated from their principal 
army, and exposed to the cross-fire of the town and fleet, 
and ran, moreover, the danger of being driven into the sp, 
which was close at hand. 

The definitive plan of attack was determined on in a 
final Council of War, held on the 24th, at seven o'clock in 
the evening, and its execution fixed for the middle of the 
following night. Beaufort assembled on board his ship 
all the captains of the army; and the disembarkation of 
troops, which commenced at nine o'clock in large and 
strong launches, was finished, without impediment, by 
midnight.^2 As each company disembarked, it proceeded 
to the esplanade situated by the side of the bastion of 
the Sablonnifere. Surprise being the principal condition 
of success, the officers gave their orders in a low voice, 
and the soldiers advanced, with many precautions. The 
troops of Candia not On duty in the bastions were only 
informed of the plan of attack at one in the morning by their 
chiefs, who came to awake them, and lead them to their 
post. When the clock of the church of Saint-Mark struck 
two, the foot-soldiers were all assembled on the esplanade.'' 

'^ Rilation de ce qui s'est passi dans la sortie qui s'estfaite en Candie 
par toutes les troupes du roy, tant de terre que de mer, pour Vattaque du 
camp de la Sablonniire, le 25 du mois de Juiii, 1669 ; — Archives of 
Ministry of Marine, Campagne 3. In my account I have chiefly 
followed this unpublished manuscript, which has every sign of 
authenticity. 

" Rapport adressi par le sieur Brodart h Colbert, h la radde de 
Candie, (t bord de la Princesse, le 27 Juin, 1669: — Manuscripts of the 
Imperial Library, Papiers Colbert, 153 bis. Unpublished document. 



PREPARATIONS FOR ATTACKING THE TURKS. 121 

In spite of their number, nothing save the pale reflection 
of their muskets betrayed their presence. Immovable and 
silent, they awaited the signal of departure; and on this 
calm and peaceful night, which was about to be marked 
by a bloody struggle, one heard as yet only the regular 
and monotonous footsteps of the sentinels on the ramparts. 
Soon the dull trot of horses advancing over the sand is joined 
to it. Two hundred of the King's musketeers and five com- 
panies of cavalry have come to reinforce the infantry, and 
are follovved by Beaufort, Navailles, and a numerous staff. 
After having given the countersign,!* and confided his young 
nephew, the Chevalier de Vendome, to the watchful care of 
the Marquis de Schomberg and the Baron de Saint-Mark, 
charged to follow him everywhere in the fight,!^ Beaufort 
addresses a few brave and energetic words, to those about 
him, '6 and the command is given to advance in silence. 
The soldiers placed under De Navailles' orders went towards 
the right. Beaufort was to occupy the left with a large 
portion of the marines and with his guards, commanded 
by Colbert de Maulevrier, the Minister's brother. It was 
arranged that the two divisions should reunite at a signal to 
be given by that of Navailles." 

Arrived at a point very near to the Turks, Beaufort's 
troops, in order .tp wait till the night should be less 

1* The countersign was : ' ' Louis and forward ! " 

1* Relation de ce qui s'est passi dans la sortie, &c. , already quoted. 
This was the nephew, who became the famous Vendome. He displayed 
on June 25, 1669, very great courage, and was rather seriously wounded. 

16 Le siege de Candie, manuscript of Philibert de Jarry :— Imperial 
Library. 

" Letter from Colbert de Maulevrier to his brother Colbert. " At 
Candie, this Sunday, the last day of June, at five o'clock in the evening: " 
— Manuscripts, Imperial Library, Pafiers Colbert, 153 bis. 



122 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

obscure, and to give Navailles, who had a longer distance 
to traverse, time to reach the designated spot, lay down 
on their stomachs, admiral, soldiers, and officers — the latter 
occupying themselves only with the concealing of the links, 
and with recommending, in a low voice, the most minute pre- 
cautions. Three-quarters of an hour before daybreak the 
drums of the Turks were heard. Some sailors, at Beaufort's 
orders, approached the Turkish camp by crawling; and, 
returning in the same manner, brought the intelligence that 
it was only the usual r'eveillk which had just been beaten, 
and that the enemy were in complete ignorance of the 
danger which menaced them.'" The troops remained ex- 
tended on the ground, silent and motionless, and Beaufort 
listened attentively to catch the signal indicating that 
Navailles' division had commenced the attack. 

This general had arrived with the same good luck at the 
extreme right. After having been joined there by his reserve 
and his rearguard, he sent the former, commanded by the 
Count de Choiseul, a little to the westward of Candia, so 
as to prevent any communication between the two Turkish 
camps, and kept his rearguard with him, in ■ order to 
protect the most threatened points. Then he led forward 
Dampierre's corps, charged to commence the attack, and 
creeping towards a little hill, which afforded him a good 
view, he awaited the result. 

Meanwhile, Beaufort, although sure of the quietude and 
inaction of the Turks, was with difficulty restraining his 
fiery impatience, when, half an hour before dawn, he heard 
at the extreme right a deafening discharge of musketry. 
Immediately he arose, and all his troops with him, ordered 

18 Rilation, &c., already quoted: — Archives of the Ministry of Marine. 



MISCARRIAGE OF THE ATTACK. 123 

a salute to be beaten and the charge sounded, and springing 
to the head of the first battalion, cleared the entrenchment 
which defended the Turkish camp. Colbert, followed by 
the company of Guards, rushed towards the left, with the 
intention of surrounding the adversary. With equal im- 
petuosity they all traversed a ravine which, they encountered 
in the rear of the entrenchment, and without suffering them- 
selves to be checked in their onslaught by the stony nature 
of the soil, carried at the first attack the trenches of the 
enemy, who abandoned them after having fired off their 
arms. The surprise and fright of the Turks were extreme. 
They fled in disorder, pell-mell ; and many of those who 
escaped Beaufort threw themselves into the sea, pursued by 
Dampierre's troops. All at once, towards the right, an 
immense flash of fire was seen, and a fearful explosion 
shook the ground. The soldiers and sailors surrounding 
Beaufort stopped suddenly ; but he, without appearing 
alarmed by this noise, the cause of which he did not know, 
exclaimed, " Courage, children ! courage ! Since they spring 
a mine in our front, it is a sign that they are flying." He 
succeeded for a moment in overcoming the terror of his 
troops, and even prevailed on them to advance a few 
paces. 19 But on the detachment commanded by Dam- 
pierre the effects of this terrible catastrophe were something 
very different. Caused by the explosion of a magazine, 
containing twenty-five tons of powder, which had been set 
alight through the imprudence of a musketeer, it had de- 
stroyed an entire battalion of French Guards, and had 
produced everywhere an unspeakable terror. The troops 

^8 Relation, &c., already quoted : — Archives of the Ministry of 
Marine. 



124 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

were persuaded that the enemy had undermined the whole 
of their works, and that the ground they were marching over 
was about to open under their feet. From point to point 
did this belief spread, until the terrified soldiers threw away 
their arms and fled with precipitation. It was in vain that 
Navailles, Dampierre, and the other general - officers en- 
deavoured to restrain them. The panic became universal, 
and the shameful and dreadful cry of " Sauve qui peut I" 
resounded from all parts. This disorder was increased still 
more by an error which even the obscurity of the night can 
scarcely explain. The fugitives, meeting Beaufort's sailors, 
threw themselves upon them as enemies. The long garments 
of seven or eight Armenians who were at their head, con- 
tributed, it seems, to confirm a fatal mistake. 20 In this 
horrible milk no one recognized any one else, and fellow- 
countrymen killed one another in the belief that they 
were slaying the infidels. Beaufort, utterly abandoned, 
endeavoured to correct this disastrous error, -i On his 
wounded horse, covered with blood and with his clothes 
rent, he threw himself into the midst of the agitated groups, 
exclaiming, " To me, my children ! I am your admiral. 
Rally around me ! " 22 Heroic, but unavailing efforts ! 
Supreme appeal of a voice till then so dear, but now 
unrecognized — a voice which had just uttered its last words ! 
The bewildered soldiers remained insensible to these gene- 
rous supplications, and it was only when daylight began to 

'"' Mhnoires de Saint-Andri-Montbrun, pp. 362, 363. 

'i' Rilalion de ce qui s'est passl en la sortie faite sur le camp des Turcg 
du c6ti dela Sablonniire, lanuict du2e,^ au 250 Juin, i66g, en Candie: — 
Archives of the Ministry ofWar, 238. ' ' M. I'Amiral remained abandoned 
by all his marines, and did not have a single one of his guards with him. " 

22 Relation, &c. , already quoted : — Archives of the Ministry of Marine. 



BEAUFORT FOUND TO BE MISSING. 125 

illumine this field of carnage that the confusion ceased with 
the cause which had produced it. But then the Turks, who 
had had time to recover their courage, and who proved 
themselves as prompt in rallying as they had been alert in 
taking to flight, rushed on, shouting the name of the Pro- 
phet, and with irresistible impetuosity became in their turn 
assailants, and pursued the French to the very gates of 
Candia.23 

When, under the shelter of the ramparts, an account was 
taken of the loss, and after the wounded who had managed 
to reach the town had been examined, Beaufort's absence 
was perceived. Those who explain this absence by an 
abduction which Colbert, his enemy, had ordered, do not 
fail to note the presence of the Minister's brother, Colbert 
de Maulevrier, by the side of Beaufort during the battle, 
and they see in the commandant of the Guards the execu- 
tioner of the Minister's vengeance. But how can this 
singular belief be held, when a letter from Maulevrier to his 
brother, the first which he wrote to him after the battle, far 
from giving the Minister an account of Beaufort's abduction, 
contains these words : ^^ — " The unhappy fate of M. I'Amiral 
is the most deplorable thing in the world. As I was obhged 
to go backwards and forwards during the whole time that 
the attack lasted, in order to assemble what I could of the 
troops, there was no one of whom I did not make inquiries 
respecting him,^^ and not one could ever tell me anything of 

''^ Navailles, despairing of being able to save Candia, re-embarked 
his troops at the end of August, and set sail on the 31st; but as we are 
only occupied here with Beaufort, there is no need to relate the end of 
an expedition which the disaster of June 25 had caused to miscarry. 

SI Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, Papiers Colbert, 153 bis. 

25 This was of course during the battle. 



126 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

him." It is trae that these words, if they destroy the sup- 
position of an abduction ordered by Colbert, may still allow 
it to be supposed that Beaufort was a prisoner of the Turks. 
But the laconism of this portion of the letter is accounted 
for when one discovers from the remainder of it that the 
writer was suffering from his wounds, worn-out with fatigue, 
and solely preoccupied with his restoration to health. It is 
true again that Navailles, in his despatch, makes use of the 
vroxA. perte,^^ applicable equally to the death of the Admiral 
and to the hypothesis that he was a prisoner in the hands of 
the Turks. But how can a single doubt remain when the 
account addressed to the Minister of Marine states that the 
Chevalier de Flacourt, having been sent to the Turkish 
camp with a flag of truce, for the purpose of making in- 
quiries respecting the Admiral, learned that he was not 
among the prisoners; -7 and when a report addressed to 
Colbert on the 27th, not by a sick man, deprived of news, 
but by a witness in a position to know everything, infers 
that the Admiral was dead?* How can one have any 
further doubts, above all, when the circumstances just 
related, and the courage displayed by this bold adventurer, 
render this end so probable? That the age of Beaufort, 
bom in 16 16, which would make the mysterious corpse of 



28 Archives of the Ministry of War, 238. 

2' Relation, &c., already quoted: — Archives of the Ministry of Marine. 

28 Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, Papiers Colbert, Rafport 
adressl par le sieur Brodart h Colbert, &c., already quoted. [The bio- 
graphies of the Duke de Beaufort say it was commonly believed at the 
time that, according to the barbarous custom of the Turks, his dead 
body was beheaded by them, which would account for its not having 
been found on th e field of battle. — See Biographie Universelle of Michaud, 
&c. — Trans^ 



BEAUFORT DIED ON THE FIELD OF BATTLE. 127 

1703 a nonagenarian, almost suffices to overthrow the 
system of Lagrange-Chancel and Langlet-Dufresnoy, is in- 
contestable. But this proof not having appeared sufficiently 
decisive to these writers, it became essential to seek for 
every kind of testimony, in order, so far as was just, to 
restore to this grandson of Henri IV. the glory of having 
died with arms in his hand on the field of battle, and of 
having thus crowned a life of adventures by an end worthy 
of his valour, his race, and his country. 



128 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XI. 

General Considerations on the Abduction of the Armenian Patriarch 
Avedick— Despatch of the Marquis de Ferriol to Constantinople 
as Ambassador — Difficulties peculiar to this Post — Incautious Con- 
duct of some of Ferriol's Predecessors — Quiclet's Adventures- 
Portrait of Ferriol — His Pretensions at Constantinople — His 
Eccentricity of Manner — His Behaviour in Religious Matters — 
The Armenian Church — Short Account of its History — Ardent 
Desire of the Catholic Missionaries to make Converts — Their 
Imprudence — Ferriol at first attempts to repair it — Obstinate 
Resistance of Father Braconnier, a Jesuit — Encroachments and 
Requirements of the Jesuits. 

We now come to the story of a most audacious violation of 
the law of nations, conceived by the fanaticism of an 
ambassador, ventured upon in a friendly country, with 
a singular boldness and energy, accomplished by stratagem 
and imposture, and thus kept from the knowledge of an 
entite people. The high rank of the victim, the character 
of the means employed, the ardour of the passions then 
excited, give an especial importance to this act of violence, 
which was crowned by a denoHment as startling as up to the 
present it was little known. People were aware that an 
Armenian Patriarch, who combined with his civil power 
enormous religious authority, had been carried off from 
Constantinople towards the end of Louis XIV. 's reign, 



THE ABDUCTION OF A VEDICK. 129 

But what became of him afterwards, and what adventures 
terminated the existence of this personage who had been 
rudely snatched away from his country and precipitated 
from the pinnacle of honour and the highest dignity ? Must 
we see in him the mysterious prisoner of the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite, as Taulfes and the grave German historian 
Hammer have affirmed ? ' Or, as others believe, did he rather 
end his days in the bagne of Marseilles, or in the obscurity 
of a prison of Messina, or, more likely still, in one of the 
dungeons of the Inquisition ? ^ What were the real causes 
of this extraordinary crime, which almost made the Sultan 
link himself with the numerous enemies of Louis XIV., 
and how did this monarch, vanquished and crushed by a 
coalition which was already formidable, contrive to appease 
the resentment of the Ottoman Porte ? Such are the points 
which documents, entirely unpubUshed and of indisputable 
authenticity, will enable us to make clear. And this we shall 
do with the sole desire for truth, and without seeking to 
exaggerate or to extenuate the responsibility attaching to 
the authors of the crime. The more profound the mystery 
with which it has been surrounded, the more necessary it 
is to entirely penetrate it, and, after so many deeds which 
justly entitle Louis XIV. to admiration and gratitude, the 
more necessary also is it not to leave in obscurity, the only 



1 V Homme au Masque de Per, Memoire Historique, par le Chevalier 
de Taules, Ancien Conml-ginlral en Syrie, Paris, 1825. Hammer, His- 
toire de t Empire Ottoman depuis son Origine jusqii i. nos yours, vol. xiii. 
p. 187. M. Ubicini, Lettres sur la Turquie, Paris, Dumaine, 1854, 
part ii. p. 256. 

2 Aubry de la Motraye, Voyage en Europe, Asie, et Afrique, La 
Haye, 1727, 2 vols, in folio, vol. i. p. 371. Didot's Biographie Uni- 
verselle, article "Avedick." 

9 



I30 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

one perhaps where he has made use of the worst of violences 
that which is aided by lying and hypocrisy. 

In 1699, Louis XIV. appointed the Marquis de Ferrio: 
his ambassador at Constantinople. This post was bese 
with difficulties. To represent among Mussulmen a highly 
Catholic nation ; and in a country divided among severa 
dissenting Churches, to be the natural and appointed pro 
tector of a very small Latin minority, unceasingly aspiring 
to increase in number, and encouraged in proselytism b) 
ardent and active missionaries ; to restrain the often thought 
less zeal of these missionaries, and, moreover, to prevent this 
Latin minority from ceding to the offers of the Germar 
Empire and placing themselves under its protection ;3 tc 
defend the interests of merchants, more and more exact 
ing in their demands, often unjust in their complaints,- 
and whose encroachments met with opposition not onlj 
from the Turks, but "especially from the English, thf 
Genoese, and the Venetians ; to act in the name of ar 
extremely haughty monarch near a very touchy Government 
and one still too much isolated and too much aloof froir 
the great enterprises of Europe for it to give Louis XLV, 

° Instructions given to M. de Ferriol on his departure for Constan- 
tinople :-;— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 33, 

* And often abusing the ignorance of the Turks. . " It is very sad,' 
-writes Louis XIV. to Ferriol, February 15, 1707, "that the FrencI: 
bring themselves into discredit by their failures, and that the Turks se( 
them the example , of that good faith vifhich they ought to observe ir 
commerce. " — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey. 
44. " There are nopedpleinthe -world so easily deceived and -who havs 
been more deceived than the Turks. ^ They are naturally simple anc 
dull, and ready in believing. Thus it is customary for the Christian: 
to impose upon thera ;^ a variety of ways and to play them man] 
scanda:lous tricks." — Chardin, Vqyageen Perseet attires lieux de I' Orient 
vol. i. p. 17, Langles' edition. 



FRENCH AMBASSADORS AT CONSTANTINOPLE. 131 

credit for the as yet continued success of his arms and the 
brilliancy of his reign ; to' maintain the misunderstanding 
between the Germans and the Turks, by inducing the 
former to send assistance to the rebellious Hungarians, 
and to keep up the resentment of the Porte against the 
Venetians, but nevertheless without going to the extremity 
of causing it to break out in war ; to live in the midst of 
manners altogether peculiar and in certain respects always 
barbarous, to imitate Asiatic luxury, and to submit to 
customs ^ which were sometimes extremely onerous ; to 
assist at frequent and unexpected revolutions de palais, which 
would in a day upset the policy of the Divan and baflSe 
every project : such was then the dehcate task of the 
French ambassadors at Constantinople. 

The constant assistance which Louis XIV; had as yet 
lent to the enemies of the Turks made the position of his 
representatives more difficult still. One day, when one of 
them recalled to the Grand Vizier, Kiuproli-Ogli, the old 
alliance of France and Turkey, and evoked the recollections 
of the time of Francis I., "I do not know," answered 
Kiuproli, "if the French are our ahies ; but it is certain 

" We may quote among these usages, the obligation imposed upon 
the ambassadors of making a superb present to the Grand Vizier, not 
only when they first arrived at Constantinople, but at every change of 
Grand Vizier, which happened very frequently. Some of these pre- 
sents cost as much as nine thousand livres, a rather large sum at that 
period. They consisted especially of clocks, watches, and mirrors: — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, Mhnoires des 
Difenses. "In one year," writes Ferriol, "I have made four pre- 
sents to four chief viziers, Daltahan, Ramy, Achmet, and Assat-Pacha, 
and to the whole of the households. It costs me more than 20,000 
livres." Despatch from Ferriol to the Count de Pontchartrain, of * 
December 4, 1703:— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section 
Turkey. 



132 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

they are invariably to be found among our enemies. There 
were six thousand of them at' the passage of the Raab. 
Your Admiral, Beaufort, attacked Gigery, and made a cruel 
war on the Moors .placed under our protection, and you 
have assisted the Venetians in Candia." Far from having 
appeased these very legitimate feelings of resentment, 
Ferriol's predecessors had excited them still more by most 
imprudent acts. Sometimes, even, they had resorted to 
violence in order to get rid of a difficult situation, and had 
had recourse to those arbitrary acts of authority, of which 
the Sultan, it is true, often set them an example in his 
seraglio, but which should have been impossible to the 
representatives of a civilized nation. 

It was thus that La Haye, ambassador at Constantinople 
in 1659, did not scruple to free himself by a crime from an 
extreme peril in which his very equivocal conduct had 
placed him.fi France was succouring Candia, besieged by 
the Turks. It was an assistance quite natural and assuredly 
very praiseworthy ; but what was less honourable, the French 
ambassador carried on with the Venetians a continued 
secret intercourse, and, in a cypher correspondence, kept 
them informed of all the designs of the Turks. One day the 
person charged to carry his mysterious news to the Venetians 
betraj'ed him, and, seduced by the bait of a reward, pre- 
sented himself to the CaimacanT of Constantinople and 
announced that he wished to embrace the Mahometan faith, 
and to deliver to the Grand Vizier himself a packet of letters 

8 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey i, 
Mhnoires et Documents. 

' The Cai'macan is a lieutenant of the Grand Vizier who remains 
at Constantinople and fills his place when he follows the Sultan to 
Adrianople. 



LA HAVE AND QUICLET. 133 

of great importance. The Ottoman Minister, who already 
had suspicions of this intercourse, eagerly received the 
proofs brought to him, but it was in vain that he tried to 
decipher them, and neither the interpreters nor the renegades 
who swarmed at the Sultan's court, could penetrate the 
secret of the intercepted letters. In the meanwhile there 
arrived at Constantinople a Frenchman, named Quiclet, 
an adventurer without resources, who boasted of having 
acquired by long practice the science of deciphering letters 
without a key. Badly received by La Haye, to whom he 
had applied for pecuniary assistance, he had the imprudence 
to menace him with his vengeance, and his wife said to the 
people of the embassy, " His Excellency refuses money to 
my husband, but we know very well how to obtain it from 
the Grand Vizier." La Haye became alarmed when 
informed of this speech. He feared lest this wretched 
intriguer might really be able to decipher the despatches, 
or failing this, might, by aid of his imagination, render them 
more compromising still. He grew agitated. He saw his 
life in danger, and his character as Louis XIV.'s ambas- 
sador at stake. He sends for Quiclet to the embassy, 
giving him hopes of assistance. The latter, as imprudent 
in his confidence as he had been thoughtless in his threats, 
hastens to the palace. La Haye leads him, while talking, 
on to a terrace overlooking the embassy garden; some 
servants throw themselves upon him, and others, posted 
at the spot where he falls, kill him and inter him there.^ 

This characteristic deed serves as a fitting prologue to 
the story of the not less revolting abuse of force which 

8 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey I, 
Mhnoires et Documents. 



134 THE MAk WITH THE IRON MASK. 

marked the embassy of Ferriol, who was as unscrapulous 
as La Haye upon the choice of means, and whose im- 
placable animosity knew how to strike the most eminent 
personages as well as intriguers of low degree. In truth, 
every expedient appeared to him suitable to be adopted, 
provided that it was of a nature to aid him in the accom- 
plishment of his designs ; and his adventurous and agitated 
past already announced the new ambassador's line of 
conduct. 

It was by intrigue rather than by his talents that the 
obscure gentleman of Dauphind managed to rise by degrees, 
and from simple King's musketeer to become ambassador 
at Constantinople. Compelled to quit France, in conse- 
quence of a love-afiair, and Poland, where he had taken 
refuge, because of a violent dispute at a gaming-party,9 
compromising the friends who had given him hospitality, 
but succeeding, nevertheless, in preserving them as active 
architects of his fortune, Ferriol went first to Candia to 
fight against the Turks, and then on their side in Hungary, 
against the Imperialists.-"' Instead of confining himself to 
his mihtary duties, he interfered in matters, of diplomacy, 
gave an account of them to Louis XIV., gained himself sup- 
porters in the Turkish camp, and brought his services under 
the notice of the Marquis de Torcy by means of Madame 
de Ferriol, his sister-in-law," who possessed great influence 

" With a rich Pole, named Krazcinski: — Archives of the Ministry 
of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, supplement I. 

^° Correspondance de Ferriol. — Ibid. 

" The ambassador was never married. This Madame de Ferriol, 
his brother's wife, mixed in the best society of Paris, and enjoyed con- 
siderable influence with the high personages of the State. She was the 
sister of the famous Abb6 de Tencin, Cardinal, Minister of State, and 
Archbishop of Lyons, and also of the celebrated nun, notorious for her 



FERRIOL AMBASSADOR AT CONSTANTINOPLE. 135 

over the Minister. This was not all. Not content with 
increasing the number of his supporters, he made himself 
the unjust, passionate, and tenacious adversary of the 
Abbe de Chsiteauneuf, ambassador at Constantinople. As 
eager to injure him as he was industrious to give himself 
importance, he calumniated the man whose post he coveted, 
and knew, which appeared difficult, how to interest the 
piety of Louis XIV. in the recall of an ambassador who 
was a priest, and whom his enemy accused of an inclination 
for the Turkish religion.'^ To gain his ends by means of 
an imputation so utterly improbable and so strange was a 
proof of extreme cleverness, and was doubtless the reason 
why he was recompensed by Louis XIV. sending him to 
replace the Abbd de Chateauneuf at Constantinople. 

But Ferriol showed less ability in the performance of his 
functions than he had displayed in obtaining his post. At a 
time when the most prudent moderation was indispensable, 
he exhibited, from the day of his arrival, the signs of the 
most fervid impetuosity, which was already a kind of disease 
in him, and which, becoming more and more exuberant 
and excessive, was to degenerate, ten years later, into a 
species of insanity. In all countries there are certain dis- 
tinctions which Princes reserve for themselves, and which, 
for this reason and out of the commonest politeness, 
ambassadors take care not to appropriate. In Spain, for- 
merly, the Sovereign alone could drive through Madrid in 

debauchery, the mistress of Dubois and mother of d'Alembert, by the 
Chevalier Destouches : — Mhnoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xi. p. 182. 
Cheruel's edition. See also Vhelay, historical study by M. Aime 
Cherest, vol. iii. p. 83. 

^ Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, Mi', 
moires et Documents, I. 



136 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

a coach drawn by six mules. At Constantinople, the Sultan 
and the Grand Vizier exclusively enjoyed the privilege of 
sailing on the waters of the Bosphorus in a boat covered by 
an awning lined with purple." Neither the Mufti, the other 
grandees of the Porte, nor any foreign representative would 
have dared to have usurped to himself what was considered 
in Turkey as a peculiar honour. Ferriol refused to submit 
himself to this custom, up to that time respected by every 
one. But on his first appearance in a caique similar to the 
Grand Seignior's, the Bostanji-Bachi '* ordered a hundred 
blows with the stick to be given to the caichis who 
had manned the boat of the vain-glorious ambassador, and 
caused the latter to be informed that on the occasion of a 
second infraction he should fire upon and sink it. Although 
aware that ambassadors ought to present themselves un- 
armed before the Sultan, and that, as a matter of favour, 
a court-sword " was sometimes allowed, Ferriol completely 
estranged the Turks by attending the Imperial audience 
armed with a long rapier. He not only had contentions 
with the officers of the Divan, but also with the other 
ambassadors. Some French deserters from the German 
army had aggravated their offence by going to brave, even 
in his palace, Count d'Ortinghem, the representative of 
the Empire, who had them arrested, less for their desertion 
than to punish their arrogance. Ferriol immediately ordered 



1' Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Correspondence from 
Turkey, I. 

i^ Chief of the Bostanji, the Sultan's Guards. 

15 This at least is what was permitted to De Castagneres, Abbe de 
ChSteauneuf, who informed Louis XIV. that he had been admitted into 
the Seraglio with his sword. But it was very short, and did not attract 
attention. 



FERRIOVS HAUGHTY CONDUCT. 137 

two officers of the German embassy to be carried off by 
force. Justly irritated, D'Ortinghem demanded their release. 
The two sides armed themselves. The subjects of each 
country were called together. A fight was about to stain 
with blood the streets of Constantinople, and it was only 
the energetic interference of the representative of Holland 
that prevented it.'^ 

For this inflexibility of character, this haughtiness of 
conduct, and eccentricity of manners, the pomp and brilliancy 
of Ferriol's receptions, and his profound knowledge of the 
country in which he resided, were riot sufficient com- 
pensation. Well informed of all the affairs of the Levant, 
he thoughtlessly compromised a precious experience 
by his impetuous decisions and utter absence of all pro- 
priety and decorum. The boldness of certain means at- 
tracted more than their illegality restrained him. Being 
entirely ignorant of the art of gradually smoothing down 
a difficulty, and, by using time as an auxiliary, of carefully 
managing obstacles, he blindly threw himself upon them, 
believing himself able to overcome them by a prompt and 
hazardous recourse to violence. There still remained in 
him much of the adventurous Candia volunteer. 

Nevertheless, in religious matters, Ferriol did not at first 
show himself so audaciously arbitrary as he was afterwards 
to become. This man, who subsequently allowed himself 
to be enticed by the missionaries into the most tyrannical 
and violent resolutions, endeavoured at the commencement 
of his embassy to restrain their imprudent and immoderate 
zeal. Everything, moreover, engaged him to it. Everj'- 

'6 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, Mi- 
moires et Documents, I. 



138 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

thing should have determined him to persevere in this 
policy of circumspection, which the instructions received 
from Louis XIV., the character of the schismatic Armenians, 
and the blamable excesses of the Jesuits equally made a 
duty to him. "His Majesty orders you," it had been 
written to Ferriol, " to accord to the Jesuit fathers a pro- 
tection conformable to the zeal which they show for religion, 
to their disinterestedness, and to the regularity of their 

manners Nevertheless, you must beware of the 

inconsiderate zeal which the missionaries sometimes carry 
too far ; religion often suffers more prejudice from imprudent 
undertakings or untimely demands than it acquires real 
advantages of success." i'' Wise words, too soon dis-- 
regarded both by him to whom they were addressed, 
and by the Prince in whose name they had been written, 
and which, singularly prophetic, announced seven years 
in advance the misfortunes which the forgetfulness of this 
judicious warning was to bring upon the Catholics. 

No church deserved more than that of the schismatic 
Armenians the employment of that moderation and prudence 
so opportunely recommended by Louis XIV. to his ambas- 
sador. Naturally good and peaceable, and of a sociable and 
kind temper, the Armenians readily became intimate with 
strangers, and had no quarrels with them, except in 
instances when their own interests were wronged." Leng 
since driven from their ancient kingdom by conquest, or 

w Instructions given to M. de Ferriol, ambassador : — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 33. 

18 This is the testimony which the Jesuits themselves have borne in 
several accounts ; Father Monnier, Mhnoires des Missionnaires de la 
Compagnie de Jims, vol. iii. pp. 46-52 ; Father Fleuriau, jttat prhent 
de V Arminie, Paris, 1694. l2mo. 



THE ARMENIANS IN TURKEY. 139 

having voluntarily emigrated through the necessities of their 
commerce, they were dispersed over a very extensive 
territory, and were encountered in large numbers, not only 
in the Turkish Empire and in Persia, but also in Tartary, 
and even in Poland. Everywhere they had acquired the 
reputation of being ahke industrious and persevering. Eager 
in pursuit of gain, they excelled in commerce. Although 
losing more and more the recollection of their old country, 
they carefully preserved the unity of their church, and 
remained resolutely attached to their faith. They had 
adopted the language of the Turks, their costume," every- 
thing in short save what concerned the Armenian religion, 
to which they showed themselves scrupulously faithful, and 
which they respected in every one of its practices as well as in 
its doctrines and its spirit. The severities which it imposed 
upon them did not dishearten them, neither did they 
consider themselves absolved, even by painful journeys, 
from long and austere fasts. Their churches were the most 
decorated and most crowded of all the East.^" Their 
traditions seemed to them so much the more deserving 
of veneration because they were more ancient. Having 
preserved their nationality by means of their religion, 
tenacious and fertile of resources, they were interesting from 
their misfortunes, the firmness with which they endured them, 
and their industrious activity. 

For a century past storms had at distant intervals dis- 
turbed their ordinarily peaceable state. These troubles, 
coming from without, were not due, as one might imagine, 

18 Lettres mr la Turquie, by M. A. Ubicini, part 2, p. 252, Paris, 
Dumaine. 

20 Father Monnier, work already mentioned: 



140 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to the persecutions of the conqueror. The Turks, tolerant 
by nature as well as out of obedience to their religion, 
looked upon all the Christian churches with equal scorn. 
If they interfered in the internal divisions of these churches, 
it was because they were engaged to do so by complaints, or 
else to profit by the voluntary gifts of one of the parties to 
the controversy. The punctual payment of the legal tribute 
sufficed to assure to a conquered people not only the free 
exercise of their religion, but also a material and efficacious 
support for their patriarchs and bishops.'" Far from 
endeavouring to convert its Christian subjects to Maho- 
metanism, the Divan received with extreme reserve and 
even discouraged those whom the greed of a reward excited 
to abandon the religion of Christ. Often rigorously exacting 
in maintaining their political rights, the Mahometans were 
disdainfully and absolutely indifferent with respect to the 
religion of the' Christians. ^^ Although persuaded of the 
excellence of Islamism, the Mussulman is altogether devoid 
of the spirit of propagandism. In his eyes the infidels are 

'^ Hammer, Histoire de VEmfire Ottoman, Ubicini, Lettres sur la 
Turquie. Archives of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 
Mimoires et Documents, 37. 

22 One day a stranger presented himself before the Grand Vizier, 
Raghib-Pasha, saying that Mahomet had appeared to liim to invite him 
to turn Mussulman, and that he had come on purpose from Dantzic to 
be converted. " Here is a strange rascal," said the Grand Vizier. 
" Mahomet has appeared to an infidel, when for more than seventy years 
I have been exact in the five prayers, and he has never done me such 
an honour ! " And the stranger did not become a Mussulman. " I 
have heard it said several times by doctors of Mahometan lavif that, 
according to their religion, it was not permitted to them to protect one 
party against another in the dispute which sprang up between the 
Cathohcs and the heretics, because, as they said, they were both equally 
bad." Manuscript Mlmoire of 1771 on matters of religion : — Archives of 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 37. 



ROMAN CATHOLIC PROPAGANDISM. 141 

not necessarily rejected; since, according to the Koran, 
" He who hath said there is only one God, he shall enter 
into Paradise." Moreover, the number of the elect is fixed 
from all eternity, and to endeavour to increase the number 
is useless as well as contrary to the commands of the sacred 
book. So they were ignorant of and could not understand 
that charity, admirable in principle although often carried to 
excess, which animated the Catholic missionary, inspiring in 
him a sublime abnegation, and determining him to leave 
his country, to cross deserts, to suffer and to die, in order to 
save a single soul and make it share in the consolations and 
hopes of his faith. 

This ardour of propagandism, so highly beneficial to 
humanity when it serves to spread the beautiful morality of 
the Gospel among nations where it has not yet penetrated, 
was early made use of by the Holy See to cause not only 
idolaters, but also Christians whom very slight differences 
in doctrine separated from the Roman communion, to submit 
to its spiritual authority. In 1587, Sixtus V., desirous of 
removing these differences, sent the Bishop of Sidon to all the 
Armenian churches ; he failed, however, in his attempt. ^s In 
1622, there was founded at Rome, by Gregory XV., the 
congregation " for the propagation of the faith," to which 
Urban VIII., his successor, added the College of the 
Propaganda, where young men from every part of the 
world were instructed and prepared for their missions. At 
first they had the wisdom to pursue in the East methods of 
kindness and of persuasion, and by these means succeeded 

2S Relatione di quanta ha trattato U Vescmio di Sidonia nella sua 
Missione in OrienU, data alia Santitct di N.S. Sisto V., alii 19 Aprile, 
1587. 



142 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

in gaining over a rather large number of dissenters. But 
success soon rendered the missionaries bolder, and too 
confident in the exclusive e'xcellence of their own doctrines, 
they substituted for the clever circumspection they had 
hitherto shown, and the slow but certain influence of a per- 
suasive impressiveness, a proselytism, ardent, impassioned, 
and too hasty in arriving at its ends. Instead of assisting 
dissenters to clear the narrow space which separated them 
from the Roman Church, by showing them how near they 
were to it,^* instead of rendering prominent all the points 
which united them; they proceeded to attack with ill-timed 
perseverance the questions of liturgy to which the Armenian 
Church was especially attached. They forbade the Catholics, 
under the severest penalties, to enter other churches, and 
when they ought, by judicious indulgence, to have recog- 
nized in the majority of the Armenians brothers separated 
by their observances, but in a very slight degtee by their 
doctrines, they treated them as enemies and barbarians. 
Justly irritated by this violent conduct, finding themselves 
subjected to scorn, and menaced in their dearest and most 
venerated traditions, the schismatics complained to the 
Divan, and represented the Jesuits not as envoys of peace, 
but as fomenters of discord and as conspirators, so much 



2* See M. Dulaurier's excellent work: Histoire, Dogmes, Traditions et 
Liturgie de I'Eglise Armhiicnne Orientale, Paris, Durand libraire, 1859. 
This book combats the generally received opinion that the Armenians 
have embraced monophysism, such as has been taught by Eutyches and 
his adherents, who recognized only the divine nature in Christ. Not 
only, in truth, have the Armenians always condemned Eutyches, whom 
their church excommunicates, but also they profess, like the Greek and 
Latin churches, the dogma of the two natures, the two wills, and the 
two operations in Jesus Christ. 



FERRIOL ACTS THE PART OF MEDIATOR. 143 

more dangerous, because they were in the pay of foreign 
courts. 25 

Ferriol comprehended the imprudent behaviour of the 
Jesuits, and attempted to repair it. In 1701 he arranged 
a reconciliation between the principal dissenters and the 
chiefs of the Catholics, and succeeded in moderating the 
demands of the latter, and in appeasing the legitimate 
resentment of the former. A kind of treaty of union was 
drawn up, which, approved by the Grand Patriarch of 
Armenia, and by the Catholic archbishop, was to be sub- 
mitted afterwards to the ratification of the Court of Rome, 
and was to regulate the future relations of the two churches. 
But the happy effects which would have resulted from this 
transaction were sacrificed by the implacable resistance 
which Father Braconnier, superior of the Jesuit mission in 
the East, opposed to it. ^^ In vain Ferriol observed to him 
" that they were threatened with a general persecution of 
the Catholics throughout the Turkish empire ; that the 
Sultan could issue severe orders, which would give a mortal 
blow to the religion by reason of the little firmness which 
the Catholics possessed, and that a persecution ought to be 
avoided when this could be done without injuring religion 
and without offending it." To these pressing reasons, in- 
spired by humanity and foresight, Father Braconnier replied, 
" that the Church had formerly suffered persecutions much 
more cruel; that the Armenians ought to know how to 



25 Boree, VArminie, p. 54 ; Serpos, Compendia storico suUa Nazione 
Armena, p. 204, Venice, 1786 ; M. Ubicini, Lettres mr la Turquie, 
part 2, p. 254. 

26 Unpublished letter from Ferriol to Father Fleuriau, of November 4, 
1701: — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 37. 



144 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

sufifer ; that he could not permit the Catholics to have the 
least communication with their schismatic brethren, and that 
they ought rather to expose themselves to the harshest 
treatment" 27 

Unfortunately Ferriol had neither sufficient firmness to 
make his opinion prevail, nor even perseverance to reso- 
lutely maintain it. All at once abandoning his attempt at 
reconciliation, he desperately threw himself into the party 
of action much more suitable to his vehement character, 
and to his strong liking for contest, and also, we must 
admit, to the delicate position in which the encroachments 
of Rome and the requirements of the Jesuits placed him. 
The ambassador of the King of France at Constantinople 
was then indeed the representative of the Holy See quite 
as much as of the court of Versailles, and he submitted to 
the custom of corresponding regularly either with the Pope 
or with the principal cardinals. Whilst he rendered account 
to Louis XIV. of matters of commerce and of the political 
situation, the great religious interests formed the subject 
of periodical despatches addressed directly to Rome. 
Very jealous of his authority, Louis XIV. had pointed out 
the inconvenience of this correspondence,^* then he had 
tolerated it, and, as often happens, the custom had grown 
into an obligation. On the other hand, the Jesuits' had 
more and more exaggerated the importance of their part, 
and to the direct influence which the court of Rome 
exercised upon the French ambassador by its pressing 



2' Letter from Ferriol to Father Fleuriau, already referred to, in 
which Father Braconnier's own words are quoted. 

28 Archives of the Ministiy of Foreign Affairs, Correspondence of 
Ferriol and Louis XIV., section Turkey. 



RESTLESS ACTIVITY OF THE JESUITS. 145 

despatches,29 they added the effects of their constant recri- 
minations, of their feverish and turbulent activity, of their 
audacious encroachments. Instructing the Holy See accord- 
ing to their own fancy and inspiring its orders ; ruling 
Ferriol through Versailles quite as much as through Rome ; 
ready to calumniate him if he ceased to be their tool, 
'and even powerful enough to overthrow him ; present and 
influential everywhere, they were in reality the masters of 
the situation, and their responsibility before history is as 
incontestable as their power. 

While submitting to their yoke, Ferriol sometimes could 
not prevent himself from complaining of it. "All here 
wish to pass for ministers," he wrote to Torcy. "They 
beheve themselves more enlightened than the ambassadors, 
and -the order of each is reversed. These good fathers, 
who ought only to go to the convict-prison and the houses 
of Christians established in the country, do not abstain from 
visiting persons of power, and from imposing upon every- 
body in political affairs. When an ambassador wishes to 
reduce them within the bounds which seem to be pre- 
scribed for them, they treat him as a man devoid of religion 
who sacrifices everything to his ambition." ^o Assuredly 
this is the language of truth, everything proves it. But 

^ But only by its despatches. The court of Rome was very 
niggard of its money. " I pray your Majesty to have this account paid 
me," wrote Ferriol to the King, October 17, 1705, "since I receive 
from the court of Rome only briefs and indulgences." 

so Unpublished letter of Ferriol to the Marquis de Torcy, Minister 
of Exterior Relations, April 5, 1 704: — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Turkey, 40. We read in another despatch from 
Ferriol to the Cardinal de la Tremouille, Louis XIV. 's ambassador at 
Rome : " Most of the missionaries complain directly they find the least 
obstacle to their desires. Patience is a gi-eat virtue which they rarely 

10 



146 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

although these complaints were well founded, although the 
domination of the Jesuits was then real enough, we cannot 
feel much concern for this voluntary victim of their en- 
croachments. Not only, indeed, did Ferriol refrain from 
endeavouring to throw off their heavy yoke, although it 
sometimes weighed on his self-esteem ; but also, forgetting 
the character with which he was invested, and passing from 
a brief and honourable independence to a servile devotion, 
he became the executioner of the vengeance of a few 
missionaries with so much implacability, that in fighting 
their adversaries he seemed to be engaging his own per- 
sonal enemies. His hatred, revived and cleverly kept up 
by baleful excitements, is about to docilely follow the direc- 
tion indicated to it, and to strike without pity, to pursue 
without respite, to cause to disappear and overwhelm, a long 
time even after his own fall, a great Armenian personage 
whom it is now time to introduce in his turn into this 
story, and to make known to our readers. 

practise, although very necessary for the proper cultivation of the Lord's 
vineyard:" — Unpublished letter of Ferriol, March 5, 1709, Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 46. 



( 147 ) 



CHAPTER XII. 

Avedick — His Origin — His Protector, tlie Grand Mufti, Feizoulah 
Effendi — Tlie two Churclies, schismatic and catholic, exist in perfect 
concord — Fall of Mustapha II. — Death of the Mufti — Avedick 
is deposed and imprisoned — The Armenians ransom him — Ferriol's 
persistent Hatred — His stubborn Animosity against Avedick — He 
succeeds in getting him deposed a second Time — Avedick's Abduc- 
tion at Chio — He is imprisoned on board a French Vessel — Inci- 
dents of the Voyage — Avedick endeavours to give Tidings of his 
Fate to the World — Insuccess of his Attempt — His Arrival at 
Marseilles. 

Sprung from the ranks of the people, and belonging to 
a poor and obscure family of Tokat/ Avedick - had been 
early admitted into the number of vertahieds, or doctors 
charged with preserving and teaching the doctrines of the 
Armenian Church. Quickly becoming bishop, and then 
archbishop, he had distinguished himself by his firmness, 
which Ferriol terms impudence, in supporting the interests 
of his co-religionists. The commencement of his long 
struggle with the French ambassador, in which the one 

1 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 
Declaration Aiithentique de M. Petis de la Croix, Secritaire-Interp-lte 
du Roi en Langues Turque, Arahe, et autres Orientales, which will be 
quoted hereafter. 

2 Avedick or Arwedik, or Aviedik. In the present work Ferriol's 
orthography has been adopted. 



148 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

showed a becoming loftiness and the other an extreme 
violence, and which was to terminate for Avedick by a 
terrible catastrophe, dates from a period earlier than the 
arrival of Ferriol as ambassador at Constantinople. The 
latter being in Hungary in the Turkish camp, and having 
heard of some disrespectful speeches of Avedick with 
reference to Louis XIV., had used his influence with the 
Grand Vizier to get the daring archbishop exiled. ^ But in 
December, 1701, the excessive rigour of this punishment 
was made amends for in a striking manner. The Grand 
Mufti, Feizoulah Effendi, nominally charged with spiritual 
affairs, but who in reality governed the entire Ottoman 
empire, by means of his ascendancy over the Sultan 
Mustapha II.,* was formerly, while at Erzeroum, where he 
had been Cadi, intimately acquainted with Avedick, like 
himself an inhabitant of this town. Sufficiently powerful 
to make and overthrow Grand Viziers, this chief dignitary 
of the Mussulman faith was able to create his friend 
" Armenian Patriarch of Constantinople and of Jerusalem." 
In vain did Ferriol demand from the Grand Chancellor of 
the empire and from the Kiaya of the Grand Vizier the 
confirmation of Avedick's exile. These two high personages 
answered the French ambassador^ that the Mufti's power 
was supreme, his will in this instance irrevocable, and that 
it was as useless to wish to offer opposition to his determi- 

8 Unpublished despatch of Ferriol to the Cardinal de Janson, 
April 10, 1702 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section 
Turkey, 37. 

* Ibid. "At this moment the Grand Mufti, so to speak, governs 
the empire.'' 

' Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Louis XIV., December 31, 
1701 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 37. 



CONCORD BETWEEN ARMENIANS AND CATHOLICS. 149 

nation, as any endeavour to shake his credit would be 
dangerous. 

There remained to Ferriol nothing but submission. But 
he, as well as his ardent inspirers, conceived against the 
Armenian Patriarch, from that period, an implacable resent- 
ment, of which we find the proofs in every one of his 
despatches. Time increased this animosity, the effects of 
which were not slow in exhibiting themselves. Still at first 
nothing in the conduct of the chief of the Armenians 
justified this enmity. No doubt he showed himself less 
docile with regard to their pretensions than the Jesuits 
would have wished. No doubt he deceived the hope which 
they had conceived of buying him over to their side. But 
in spite of the obstacles raised by Avedick's co-religionists 
against the treaty of union which Ferriol had proposed, 
Avedick exhorted them to peace,^ and for several years the 
two Churches maintained the most perfect concord. " The 
liberty allowed the Catholics is so great," writes Ferriol, 
May I, 1703, "that every one admits that they could not 
enjoy more in a Christian country. The reverend Jesuit 
Fathers at Easter made the procession of Sainte-Anne, in 
the middle of Galata, carrying the cross, the banners, and 
the relics, with an infinite number of lighted candles and 
a prodigious assemblage of people. Formerly this ceremony 
was only performed within the walls of the church." 1 
Instead of giving Avedick credit for this prosperous con- 
dition of affairs, Ferriol availed himself of the first pretext 



s Unpublished letters of Ferriol to Count de Pontchartrain, May 1 1 
and June 8, 1702, and to Louis XIV., October 2, 1702 : — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 39. 

' Unpublished letter of Ferriol to Louis XIV., May I, 1703 -.—Ibid. 



I50 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to attempt his overthrow. But it was in vain that he 
denounced him to the Kiaya of the Grand Vizier as having 
corrupted a courier and intercepted Louis XIV.'s des- 
patches." This offence, then very common in Turkey, and 
for which, moreover, the exile demanded by Ferriol would 
have been a great deal too severe a penalty, remained 
unpunished, and the high protection of the Mufti continued 
to screen the Patriarch. 

But on this stage of sudden revolutions and unforeseen 
overthrows, supreme power was then nearly always followed 
by a profound fall, brought about most frequently by a 
laconic order from the seraglio, though at times the clamour 
of the irritated populace was - sufficient to precipitate the 
favourites of a day from the pinnacle of power, and in 
these frequent catastrophes the axe of the executioner was 
never inactive. At the moment when Avedick appeared 
likely to enjoy for a long time the powerful support of the 
Mufti, a formidable revolution broke out at Constantinople. 
Two hundred thousand men in arms demanded the presence 
of the Grand Seignior, insisting upon the observance of the 
law according to which he was not permitted in times of 
peace to absent himself from the capital; all the troops 
uniting with the people and the men of law, the troops to 
complain of not having been paid, the people to attribute 
their misery to the residence of the Sultan at Adrianople, 
the men of law to protest against the cupidity of the Mufti. 9 
The latter had his throat cut, the Sultan, Mustapha II., was 

" Unpublished letter from Ferriol to the Kiaya of the Grand Vizier, 
May 14, 1703 : — Jbid. 

" Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Louis XIV. , July 23, 1 703 ; — 
Ibid. The revolt commenced July 1 7. 



AVEDICK DEPOSED AND IMPRISONED. 151 

deposed, and his brother, Achmet III., was drawn from the 
recesses of the seragUo and placed on the throne : such was 
the rapid revolution which all at once deprived Avedick 
of his protector and delivered him up to Ferriol's resent- 
ment. Indeed, less than two months afterwards, the 
Armenian Patriarch was deposed and imprisoned in the 
fortress of the Seven Towers,'" and then, on the repeated 
entreaties of the ambassador, exiled to Abratadas in Syria. 
The Armenians refused to obey the new Patriarch, Kaisac, 
and demanded in vain their beloved chief." Ferriol's 
influence was sufficiently great to allow him to indulge in 
the most minute and cruel precautions. Cast on a barren 
rock, far from Constantinople, the ex-Patriarch still seemed 
redoubtable. Ferriol, therefore, rendered his imprisonment 
as painful as possible, and with a barbarity the proofs of 
which one would hesitate to admit, if they did not emanate 
from him who was guilty of it, he considered it necessary 
to have his victim shut up " in a dungeon full of water, and 
from which one could not see the dayhght."" Ferriol 
mentions this refinement of cruelty in his despatches, with- 
out in the least appearing to regret it, and in his account, 
as well as in the rephes of the King and the Ministers to 
whom he addresses himself, one seeks in vain, on the one 
hand, for an attempt at a justification, and, on the other, for 
a disavowal, or at least for an expression of surprise. In 

1° Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, September 18, 
1703. The fortress of the Seven Towers was at that time the principal 
State prison of Constantinople. 

" Unpublished despatches from Ferriol to Louis XIV., Novem- 
ber 9, 1703, and fromFen-iol to Pontchartrain, November n, 1703 : — 
Archives of the Ministiy of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 39. 

13 Despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, June 12, 1704. 



IS2 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

consequence of this silence the Government of Louis XIV. 
bears its share of responsibiHty for the barbarous conduct 
of its ambassador. 

But the affection of the Armenians proved more powerful 
than Ferriol's hatred. The enormous sum of four hundred 
purses " was collected by the schismatics, and tempted 
the cupidity of the Grand Vizier and his principal officers. 
The promises made Ferriol were forgotten, and, a year after 
having been deposed, Avedick re-ascended the patriarchal 
throne." " He has united himself with the Greeks," wrote 
Ferriol to Pontchartrain, " and I foresee terrible persecutions 
against the Catholics." '° And, before assuring himself that 
there was any foundation for these fears", the ambassador, 
whose mind is fruitful in vigorous measures, immediately 
proposes a means, not of preventing persecution, but of 
avenging himself for it in advance, and continuing to set 
his enemies an example of violence. He requests the Pope 

1' Or in money of to-day, 880,000 francs (35,200/.) There used to 
be purses of silver and purses of gold, the latter much the less common 
and worth 6,750/. sterling, or 148,500 livres (francs). There can be 
no question that purses of gold are not referred to, since four hundred 
of these would amount to an exorbitant sum, beyond the resources of the 
richest Armenians. Moreover, when the word purse is used alone, it is 
to be understood in the sense of purse of silver: — Encyclopfdie des 
Sciences, des Arts, et des MStiers, vol. x. p. 655 ; Edition of 1765. 
According to the Notices et Extraits des Manuscrits de la Bibliothique 
du Roi, vol. i. p. 191, note S, the purse was worth 500 piastres. This 
piastre not being an imitation of the Spanish piastre, but a piece of 
money peculiar to Turkey, which in 1753 was worth 4fr. 40 c. ; we 
thus get for the 400 purses, the sum collected by the Armenian^, and 
mentioned in the despatch, the figure of 880,000 francs. 

" Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, Decem- 
ber 16, 1704 : — Archives of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section 
Turkey, 41. 

" Ibid. 



AVEDICK REINSTATED IN HIS OFFICE. 153 

and the Grand Master of Malta to arrest the Greeks and 
Armenians who navigate the waters of the Archipelago, or 
who may be found in the islands, and to take possession of 
their effects and guard their persons. As they had a very 
large number of vessels, and the isles were open and without 
defence against a sudden attack, the ambassador foresaw 
that the repression would necessarily be formidable.'^ 

Which is the persecutor? This man so industrious in 
contriving these rigorous measures, so prompt in taking 
advantage of his enemies, or the Armenians, faithful to the 
religion of their fathers and withstanding an impassioned 
and ardent proselytism ? Which are the persecuted ? That 
since his exile to Abratadas, Avedick had conceived a 
violent hatred against the Catholics must be admitted, and 
one cannot be astonished at his having done so. But it is 
undeniable that, having quitted his prison and resumed his 
position as head of the Armenians, he dissimulated his 
resentment and lived in peace with the Catholic population. 
"He makes no move," wrote Ferriol on January 20, 1705, 
and on March 11 : "He behaves with great respect, and 
religious affairs are very tranquil here." " Avedick causes 
no annoyance to the Catholics," we read in a despatch of 
August 13. But the ambassador immediately adds, " I hope 
that he will burst forth, and I shall not lose the occasion of 
destroying him." " " I shall not give him," writes he to the 
Cardinal de Janson, " a moment of rest ; knowing him to 
be a very wicked man and capable of great dissimulation." '" 

I" Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, of Decem- 
ber 16, 1704 : — Ibid. 

" Letters from Ferriol to Louis XIV. and to Cardinal de Janson. 
18 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 41. 



154 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

With the view of consolidating a peace which hebeheved 
might be made definitive, Avedick proceeded, on Decem- 
ber 26, 1705, to the French embassy." He presented him- 
self there neither as a suppliant nor out of bravado. Accom- 
panied by .three hundred Armenians of good standing, he 
came to propose to the representative of the Protector of 
the Catholic religion in the Levant to forbid in his churches 
the anathemas launched against certain heretics, and he 
asked that the Jesuits, who had long since received per- 
mission to preach in the Turkish language in the Armenian 
places of worship, should do so without passion and with 
moderation. Far from being disarmed by this proud but 
by no means provocatory proceeding, Ferriol characterized 
it as impudent, 20 and avowed that if he had not previously 
given him a safe conduct, he should certainly have had the 
Patriarch arrested. His aversion suffered neither truce nor 
repose. Not feeling himself sufficiently powerful to arrive 
single-handed at his ends, he stirred up among the Arme- 
nians themselves adversaries to his enemy. He encouraged 
the ambitious patriarch of Sissem, who aspired to replace 
Avedick as Grand Patriarch, receiving him in the palace of 
the embassy,^' supporting him with his influence and aiding 
him with his counsels. At length, after a year of constant 
efforts, of corruption practised among the officers of the 
Divan, of threats, intrigues, and underhand manoeuvres of 
every kind, Ferriol had the satisfaction of being able to 
announce to Louis XIV. ss that Avedick had been deposed 

^f" Letter from Ferriol to Pontcliartrain, December 17, 1705. 
2" Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 41. 
^^ Unpublished despatch frorn Ferriol to Cardinal de Janson, Sep- 
tember 16, 1705. 

22 Despatch of February 25, 1706. 



AVEDICK AGAIN DEPOSED AND EXILED. 155 

for the second time, and for the third time sent into 
exile. 

It was, then, with the view of rendering this fall final, and 
in order to disembarrass himself for ever of his enemy, that 
Ferriol imagined, in the middle of the eighteenth century, 
one of the most violent and strangest acts that a representa- 
tive of a civilized nation could ever have dared to commit. 
It was he who had the sad honour of having conceived the 
plan. But a despatch,^^ which tells overwhelmingly against 
the Catholic missionaries, proves clearly that their incite- 
ment induced Ferriol to regard this act as indispensable, 
and that, by never ceasing to recall to the ambassador the 
pretended dangers which the Patriarch, exiled and powerless, 
still offered, they determined him in his resolution to have 
recourse to an abduction. 

Avedick was deposed on February 25, 1706. Two 
months afterwards he was carried into exile. On April 20, 
he left Constantinople, which he was never to see again, 
and his beloved Armenians, from whom he was this time 
being separated for ever, and for whom, during the whole 
of their lives, he was about to become the object of anxious 
care, of constant regret, and of incessant but fruitless 
researches. Ferriol had bought over the Chiaoux in charge 
of the ex-Patriarch, and had forwarded instructions to the 
Sieur Bonnal, vice-consul at Chio, on his passage through 



"8 Unpublished letter from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, February 2, 
1 708. ' ' I have examined myself attentively, and if any one has urged 
me to a violent resolution against Avedick, I should say that it was 
Father Hyacinthe ^lone, who every day exaggerated to me his wicked- 
ness and crimes : " — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Aifairs, section 
Turkey, 45. 



156 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

which Avedick had to stop for a few hours. «* It was here 
that a most audacious crime against the law of nations 
was committed. Bonnal, assisted by Father Tarillon, a 
Jesuit,25 had, according to Ferriol's injunctions, chartered 
a small merchant-vessel, commanded by a Frenchman, 
who received orders to proceed to Marseilles. On his 
arrival at Chio, the bribed Chiaoux delivered up the great 
personage committed to his charge, and the representative 
of Louis XIV., accompanied by the Jesuit Tarillon, took 
possession of the Sultan's subject and imprisoned him on 
board the French ship. There was no obstacle to the 
abduction, and the protestations of the old man against 
this abuse of force were vain, and remained without 
response. During the voyage no pirates were encountered 
as Ferriol feared there might be,^^ and as, doubtless, the 
prisoner hoped for, since to fall into their hands would have 
been a hundred times preferable to the treatment which 
was reserved for him in France. Nevertheless it was given 
to him to indulge in some hope. Contrary winds drove the 
vessel to Genoa. ''^ There Avedick, watched over as he is 
by his gaoler, eludes his vigilance and confides to a Greek, 
named Spartaly, two letters, one addressed to Maurocordato, 
first interpreter of the Porte, the other to the Armenian 



2* Despatches from Ferriol to Louis XIV., May 6 and June I, 
1 706, already given by the Chevaher de Taules, with six others which 
we shall indicate when we have to make use of them. 

25 Memorandum of the Marquis de Bonnac, French ambassador to 
Turkey in 1 724 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Aiifairs. 

2" Letters from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, May 6, and to Louis XIV., 
June I, 1706. 

2' Unpublished letter from Ferriol to Ponchartrain, February 19, 
1 707 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 



AVEDICK IMPRISONED AT MARSEILLES. 157 

Theodat, in which he names the persons concerned in his 
abduction and demands vengeance. But misfortune seems 
to have been inexorable to the ex-Patriarch. Spartaly 
sailed to Smyrna on board an English ship, and was about 
to proceed to Constantinople with the revelatory letters, 
when he meets and imparts his secret to Justimany, another 
Greek of Chio, who forthwith sells his compatriot's secret 
to the French consul.^s The latter, perfectly understand- 
ing the importance of the revelation, sends for Spartaly, 
buys him over in his turn, and detains him at Smyrna. 
Whilst he is sending to Ferriol the intercepted letters, 
which, instead of saving the prisoner, are about to draw 
down upon him greater rigour, Avedick, indulging in the 
belief that he can count upon their happy effect, and 
anticipating an early release, arrives at Marseilles, is 
delivered into the hands of M. de Montmor, intendant 
of the galleys, and thrown into the dungeons of the Arsenal. ^9 

^ Royer by name. All these details are taken from the unpub- 
lished despatch already quoted. Royer placed Justimany under the 
protection of France with the view of preventing him from being 
molested in the event of his treason being discovered. 

29 Letter from Ferriol to Louis XIV., June i, 1706. Letter from 
Louis XIV., November 10, 1706. Correspondance Administrative du 
Rigne de Louis XIV., vol. iv. p. 255, collected by M. Depping and 
finished with much care by his son, M. Guillaume Depping, of the 
Bibliothique Imperiale. In this work several despatches relating to 
Avedick are given, of which we shall continue to indicate the source as 
we make use of them. It is by means of these despatches, and of the 
unpublished ones from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, that we are 
enabled to relate the Patriarch's end, even to the smallest details. 



158 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XIII. 

The Chevalier de Taulfe— How he was led to believe that Avedick was 
the Man with the Iron Mask— A clear Proof furnished him of 
the impossibility of his Theory — Taules persists and accuses the 
Jesuit Fathers of Forgery— Examination of Dujonca's Journal — Its 
complete Authenticity and the unaffected Sincerity of the Writer 
cannot be doubted — New Proofs of this Authenticity and of 
Dujonca's Exactitude. 

" I HAVE discovered the Man with the Iron Mask, and it is 
my duty to render an account to Europe and to posterity of 
my discovery," exclaims the ChevaHer de Taulfes," with a 
conviction which posterity does not share, and a solemnity 
of manner so little justified by results, that an extreme 
reserve is imposed on those who venture after him to 
engage in a pursuit so fruitful in checks. 

The intelligence of this discovery was at first received 
with a confidence which was explained by the position of 
the individual who claimed to have made it. Sprung from 
one of the oldest and most respectable families of Beam j 
admitted, in 1754, into the gendarmes of the King's Guard; 
starting, ten years afterwards, in the career of diplomacy, 
which he pursued always with honour, sometimes with 
success ; sent successively to Switzerland, Poland, and later 

' L' Homme au Masque de Fer : Mimoire Historique par le Chivalier 
de Taulis, ancien cotisul-ghiiral en Syrie, p. 1. 



CHEVALIER DE TAULES' PRESUMED DISCOVERY. 159 

to Syria, as consul-general ; corresponding on terms of 
friendship with Voltaire, who showed some deference for 
his opinions ;■■= M. de Taulfes enjoyed among his contem- 
poraries an authority due as much to the qualities of his 
mind as to his honourable character. He had lived through 
the first Empire without desiring to re-enter the service of 
the State, and had devoted to historical studies the leisure 
which his independent spirit had created. It was the 
perusal of an unpublished manuscript memorandum of 
the Marquis de Bonnac, ambassador at Constantinople, 
that revealed to Taulfes the existence of the Grand Patri- 
arch, Avedick, and his abduction by Ferriol. The writer 
of this memorandum added that Avedick had been after- 
wards sent to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, and then trans- 
ferred to the Bastille, where he had died. " On reading 
this passage," says Taulfes, " the thought suddenly struck 
me that this individual might very well be the Iron Mask. 
Becoming subsequently more and more confirmed in this 
conjecture by a number of facts which the perusal of the 
memorandum had confusedly recalled to me, I said to 
myself, with fresh assurance, 'Yes, it is himself: this is 
the Iron Mask!'"' 

In truth, this very natural thought must arise in the mind 
of every one who reads this memorandum ; and if Taulfes 
believed that he at length possessed the solution of the 
problem, there were many others who would have felt 
equally self-persuaded. His only fault— but it was a great 

2 From 1752 to 1768, Taulfes and Voltaire had a long and interesting 
correspondence, published by Gaultier-Laguionie (Paris, 1825), at the 
end of various memoirs of Taultsi 

s V Homme mi Masque de Per : Mhnoire Historique,'^. 21. 



l6o THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

one — was that of obstinately holding to this opinion when a 
more complete study of the question would have shown him 
his error ; and of endeavouring to support his theory when 
it was being shattered, by an accusation of forgery as grave 
as it was unjust. 

Assuredly, the interest which Louis XIV. had in hiding 
the existence of such a prisoner as Avedick, the indispensa- 
bility there was of shrouding from every eye the victim of 
so enormous a crime against the law of nations, the necessity, 
too, of removing from the ex-Patriarch every means of in- 
forming the Ottoman Porte of the country where he was 
detained, the clamour which his disappearance had caused 
throughout the entire East, the precarious situation in which 
the King of France then found himself, constrained as he 
was to treat Turkey with consideration, were all so many 
arguments that crowded upon the mind in favour of Taulfes' 
opinion. This theory presented, moreover, the advantage 
of explaining several circumstances, true or supposed, in 
the life of Saint-Mars' mysterious prisoner. For instance, 
the silence almost constantly observed by him, which caused 
it to be continually said that he was condemned to it under 
pain of death, was accounted for by the Armenian Patri- 
arch's ignorance of our language. Again, that strange 
accent noticed by the surgeon Ndlaton, in a visit made 
by him to the Bastille,* and which struck him in the few 
syllables articulated by the prisoner, finds its natural expla- 
nation in Avedick. The famous reply of Louis XV. to his 
valet-de-chambre, Laborde, who questioned him about the 
Man with the Iron Mask, "The imprisonment of this 

^ This has already been referred to in Chapter viii. of this work. See 
page 93 ante. 



TAULES THEORY OVERTHROWN. i6i 

unfortunate individual has wronged nobody but himself," 
applied sufficiently exactly to the Patriarch. Lastly, in 
default of those official despatches, which, to-day, a sove- 
reign and indispensable proof, alone allow one to erect a 
theory upon a firm basis, the suggestion of Taulfes united in 
its favour several strong presumptions, and did not at the 
outset rAeet with any fundamental objection. 

But the originator was not to experience for long an 
unmixed joy. His conviction was most firmly rooted. 
" Perhaps nothing," he says, " has ever appeared to me 
so very plainly. / do not more clearly feel my existence 
than I recognize the Patriarch in all the features of the 
Iron Mask."^ All at once, the Minister of Foreign 
Affairs,^ who had ordered researches to be made among 
his archives, caused the Chevalier de Taulfes to be informed 
that an important Armenian personage had really beei> 
abducted from Constantinople and taken to France, but 
that as indisputable despatches established the fact that 
he was still in Turkey during the early part of 1706, he 
could not be the prisoner brought by Saint-Mars from the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite to the Bastille on September 18, 
1698, and who died in that fortress on November 19, 
1703. Taulfes at first accepted with resignation this truly 
startling revelation. His theory was completely overthrown, 
his reasoning destroyed, his discovery annihilated. He 
acknowledged it. He regretted not having sooner re- 
called that maxim which he had often heard repeated by 
D'Alembert himself, " In this world one must neither deny 
nor affirm anything." He avowed his mistake, and the man of 
sense gracefully repaired the very excusable error committed! 

5 H Homme au Masque de Per, p. 61. ^ M, de Vergennes. 

II 



i62 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

by the historian. But his theory had become so profoundly 
and tenaciously impressed upon his brain, that he could not 
entirely rid himself of it. A germ remained which developed 
by degrees, and in a fashion which of itself deserves atten- 
tion, independently of the interest which is inspired by 
everything that relates to the Man with the Iron Mask. 

" Is it possible," Taulfes asks himself, " that a proof so 
powerful can yet leave me any resources ? To argue in the 
train of a fact so destructive to my opinion, and the truth of 
which I am obliged to admit, would it not be endeavouring 
in a deliberate manner to push prejudice to its utmost 
length ? " 7 We see that at first Taulbs did not contest the 
accuracy of the two dates, and the impossibility of reconcil- 
ing them with his theory ; but by degrees he modifies the 
terms of the problem to be resolved. He no longer makes 
it his business to discover who was the Man with the Iron 
Mask, but to prove, in spite of a- capital objection, that the 
Man with the Iron Mask was Avedick. This fact is worthy 
of remark, and the chain of Taulfes' successive ideas is here 
very significant. He does not commence by seeking if a 
forgery has been committed by the Jesuits, in order to 
■establish afterwards that Avedick is the Man with the 
Iron Mask. No. It is the necessity in which he believes 
himself placed, of estabUshing this identity, that first gives 
him the idea of a forgery, then we have his inquiry, and 
then the certainty that this forgery has been committed. 
"■' However bold my observation may appear, I shall dare to 
make it, I feel hope revive in my soul, and in spite of all I 
have just avowed against myself, I do not renounce my 
discovery ... . If I am deceiving myself, I shall deserve 

' V Homme au Masque de Fer, p. 62. 



TAULES ACCUSES THE JESUITS OF FORGERY. 163 

to be doubly confounded. But if, as everything assures me 
I shall do, I come victorious out of this struggle, confusion 
will altogether be the portion of those who have wished to 
deprive me of the honour of this discovery." s From this 
time all Taules' efforts tended to destroy the positive infor- 
mation till then accepted by him. Not being able to deny 
the authenticity of the despatches of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs establishing that Avedick was still at Constantinople 
in 1706, and this obstacle being insurmountable, Taulbs 
directed his attention towards Dujonca's journal. Father 
Griffet was the first who quoted 9 the two pages of this 
journal relating to the mysterious prisoner and bearing the 
dates of September 19, 1698, the day of his arrival at the 
Bastille, and of November 18, 1703, the day of his deatli. 
But Father Grififet was a Jesuit. On this score, and in the 
interest, in his eyes superior to all other, of the order to which 
he belonged, might he not have been able' to alter, to falsify 
this document, in such a manner that it might be opposed to 
those who should one day, perhaps, arise to accuse the 
Jesuits of the abduction of Avedick, and perhaps see in 
this individual the Man with thejron Mask ? This suspicion 
had scarcely entered the mind of Taulbs before it took 
possession of it and ruled it, when everything immediately 
became for him an irresistible argument for, and formal 
proof of a falsification. 

This journal is divided into two parts, each forming a 
volume. The first has for title : " List of prisoners who are 
sent by the King's order to the Bastille, to commence from 

s V Homme au Masque deFer, p. 63. 

» In his Traite des Differentes Sortes de Preuves qui servent a kablir 
la Verite dans VHistoire. 



i64 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Wednesday the eleventh of the month of October, when I 
am entered into the office of Lieutenant of the King, in the 
year 1690,'' and at the back of folio 37 we have word for 
word what follows : — 

" On thursday i8th September 1698, at 3 o'clock of 
the afternoon, Monsieur de St. -Mars governor of the 
chateau of the bastille has arrived to enter upon his 
functions coming from his government of the isles St.- 
Marguerite honorat having brought with him in his htter 
an old prisoner whom he had at pignerol whom he always 
kept masked [and] whose name was not mentioned and 
having had him placed on leaving the litter in the first 
chamber of the tower of the bassinnifere until the night 
in order to place him and conduct him myself at 9 o'clock 
of the evening with M. de rosarges one of the sergeants 
whom monsieur the governor had brought into the third 
chamber south of the tower of the Bretaudibre '° which I 
had had furnished with everything some days before his 
arrival having received Monsieur de St.-Mars' order for 
it which prisoner will be subject to" and served by Mr. de 
rosarge and provisioned by monsieur the Governor." 

The second part, of which the title is, " List of 
prisoners who left the Bastille, to commence from the 
eleventh of the month of October, when I am entered into 
possession in the year 1690," contains, at the back of folio 
80, what follows : — 

"On the same day monday 19th november 1703 

the- unknown prisoner always masked with a mask of black 
velvet whom Monsieur de St.-Mars governor had brought 

1° This and the tower mentioned just above are supposed to have 
been named after their builders. — Trans. 



EXTRACT FROM DUJONCA'S. JOURNAL. 165 

with him on coming from the isles St.-Marguerite whom he 
had guarded since a long time [and] who having found him- 
self yesterday rather ill on leaving mass died to-day at ten 
o'clock at night without having had any great illness he could 
not have had less. M. Giraut our chaplain confessed him 
yesterday [but] surprised by his death he has not received 
the sacraments and our chaplain exhorted him a moment 
before dying and this unknown prisoner so long detained 
was interred on tuesday 20th november at four o'clock 
of the afternoon in the cemetery of St-Paul our parish 
on the register of deaths q^ was also given a name un- 
known to monsieur de rosarges major and Mr. Reil surgeon 
who have signed the register. 

" =p I have since learnt that he was named on the 
register M. de Marchiel [and] that 40 1. were paid for 
his burial." " 

For every unprejudiced and impartial reader, these 
unaffected pages are conclusive, and do not inspire any 
doubt. But it is not the same for Taulbs. According to 
him, Father Grififet himself, and not Dujonca, is the author 
of this document, in which, with infinite art, he has intro- 
duced several points of obscurity, and succeeded in mis- 
leading for ever all those who should be tempted to raise 
the veil. He has commenced by imagining the two dates 
of 1698 and 1703, so that it would be impossible to apply 
them to Avedick, who was still at Constantinople in 1706. 
It is designedly that, with an infinity of precautions, he has 
drawn attention to this fact which he had invented at will : 
" Saint-Mars had this prisoner at Pignerol," a point on 

11 Archives of the Library of the Arsenal, Manuscript Journal of 
Dujonca. 



i66 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

which he insists by saying further on : "This prisoner 
whom he had guarded since a long time.'' To make 
Dujonca twice affirm that the Man with the Iron Mask 
was first detained at Pignerol of course absolutely sets 
Avedick aside. The affectation of speaking several times 
of the Abbd Giraut, chaplain of the Bastille, is equally 
significant to Taulbs, in so much that it reveals the cunning 
intention of carefully avoiding having to name the Jesuits, 
even when it concerns the Bastille, to which one of them 
was constantly attached. It is true that the registers of the 
Church of Saint-Paul confirm Dujonca's journal, since the 
interment of the prisoner is related in them under the date 
of November 20, 1703.'^ But this objection does, not 
embarrass Taulfes. Without going so far as to suppose that 
these registers have also been falsified, he is very willing to 
accept them as authentic. " But," says he, " this prisoner 
interred November 20, 1703, is not the one brought by 
Saint-Mars to the Bastille. It is some obscure stranger, 
and Father Griffet finding on the registers of this church 
the proof of his death in 1703, has used it as a basis on 
which to erect his falsehoods, and by attracting to him the 
exclusive attention of posterity, has turned it aside from 
Avedick, and has necessarily rendered ulterior investiga- 
tions fruitless.'' 

But it is nothing of the kind. In this painful episode of 
Louis XIV.'s reign, the Jesuits have their share of responsi- 
bility, owing to the pressure which they put upon Ferriol, 
but they are completely innocent of the forgeries of which 
they have been accused. 

'^ Archives of the H6tel de Ville, Registres des Bapthnes, Mariages 
it Sepultures de la Paroisse de Saint- Paul: Saint-Paul 5, 1703-1705, 
vol. ii. No. 166. 



AUTHENTICITY OF DUJONCA'S JOURNAL. 167 

The perfect authenticity of Dujonca's journal is shown 
by many proofs. It suffices to have read it and assured 
oneself that it is not composed of detached leaves after- 
wards bound together, but has been written all entire by the 
same incorrect and simple pen, in order to be convinced of 
the impossibility of the least alteration. Either it is a forgery 
from beginning to end, or the pages relating to the Iron 
Mask have for their author that kind of general superin- 
tendent of the Bastille, sometimes too pompously styled 
Lieutenant of the King, sometimes fulfilling the humble 
functions of turnkey, devoted to his multifarious duties," 

1' I have found among the Archives of the Arsenal another docu- 
ment also emanating from the pen of Dujonca, vi'hose journal up to the 
present time was alone known. These are notes in which he enumerates 
tlie heavy occupations that weighed him down. This document throws 
a certain light upon the interior arrangements of the Bastille. It is the 
same large writing as that of the Journal, with the same faults of 
language, the same simple-mindedness. It is too long to be quoted here. 
I merely extract the statement of everything that Dujonca had to do. 

" For more than a year since I have entered the Bastille I have been 
obliged to perform the service which follows : — 

" To rise every morning the first and to go to bed the last — 
To place the guard very often instead of the officers of Monsieur de 
Besemaux; to make the round and the visit every evening in the uncer- 
tainty as to whether these gentlemen will do it; to close the doors very 
often, not being able to rely upon any one — To take every care of the 
guard of the chateau, being unable either to trust or rely upon the 
governor's two officers, who do only what pleases them, and render 
account of what passes only to Monsieur de Besemaux — When Monsieur 
de la Venice or other commissaries come to interrogate prisoners, it is 
necessary to go and take them from their chamber and to lead them into 
Monsieur de Besemaux's room, traversing all the courts, and it is 
necessary to wait outside the door very often for eight hours at a time, 
in order to retake possession of the prisoner, and conduct him back to 
the place whence he had been taken — The prisoners to whom it is per- 
mitted to see visitors it is also necessary to go and take from their 
chambers, to lead them through all the courts into the common room. 



i68 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

who ought to be believed for his ignorance of certain things 
as much as for his complete knowledge of others, for the 
unfeigned simplicity of his language, and the tone of sincere 
assurance that runs uniformly throughout the entire journal. 
Moreover, not only is all that concerns the other prisoners 
corroborated by indisputable despatches deposited in other 

where the relations or friends await them, and it is very often necessary 
to remain with them quite as long as they wish, being obUged to l<eep 
them in sight, and afterwards to take them back again — It is necessary 
to have the same care and appUcation for certain people of the reformed 
religion, who are seen and talked to by Father Bordes, M. Latour Dalier 
and Madame Chardon, in order to convert them — To follow and guard 
the prisoners who have permission to go and walk in the garden and on 
the terrace from time to time. All the sick prisoners it is necessary to 
go and visit often, and to take care of them — Those who have need of 
the doctor and apothecary, it is necessary to conduct where the sick 
go ; and in order to be more assured of what passes and of the remedies 
which they are ordered to take, it is necessary to be present when they 
are brought to them — For the prisoner who is very ill and in danger of 
death, it is necessary to redouble all these cares in order to make him 
confess and receive all the sacraments, and when he is dead it is neces- 
sary to fulfil all the duties of a good Christian — On the arrival of a 
prisoner who is to be confined it is necessary to commence by examining 
and searching him all over, as well as the whole of his clothing, and to 
conduct him to the chamber assigned to him. Moreover, it is necessary 
to take care to have given and brought to him all that is essential for 
the furnishing of his chamber, paying very dearly for it to Monsieur 
<Je Besemaux's upholsterer, or else the maitresse d'auiel — It is necessary, 
also, to search all the confined prisoners who obtain their entire liberty, 
and to examine their clothes before they leave in consequence of the 
great communication which exists between the prisoners. It is necessary 
also to take the same care in searching the prisoners who are con- 
iined in order to place them in'thehberty of the court, which happens suffi- 
ciently often — To visit all the chambers and to search everywhere, eveir 
all the prisoners and their clothing — It is also necessary to examine 
everything which comes from without for the prisoners confined here, 
and their clothing that goes out, in order to be mended or washed — 
Amongst the number of prisoners there are some who daily find them- 
selves in necessity or need of something, or else of some complaint of 



nuyoNCA's journal corroborated. 169 

archives," but the most rehable documents absolutely 
confirm the dates, and even some of the points indicated in 
the two accounts we have just quoted. Dujonca says in 
the first: "I had had his chamber furnished with every- 
thing some days before his arrival, having received 
M. de Saint-Mars' order for it." Now a despatch as yet 
unpublished and of especial importance contains what 
follows: "Barbdzieux to Saint-Mars. — Marly, July 19, 
1698 — I have received the letter which you have taken the 
trouble to write to me. the 9th of this month. The King 

their food, or of the bad usage of the turnkeys who attend upon them, 
which prisoners in their distress are compelled to beat their doors so as 
to give notice of their wants ; these are occasions which often happen 
and cause a great noise, so that it is necessary to go and make frequent 
visits — It is necessary to pay attention to the food given the prisoners, 
being very often bad, with bad wine and dirty table-linen — To frequently 
examine all the plate usually used for the prisoners confined here, who 
very often write on the dishes and plates in order to give news of themselves 
to one another — To keep guard over and carefully observe all the 
persons who enter the Bastille, especially the women and girls who 
come to see the prisoners who are in the liberty of the court — On 
the principal festivals of the year it is necessary to take every care 
to make those prisoners who are allowed by orders to do so, confess, 
hear mass, and communicate — To go several times during the day 
and the evening on to the platforms outside the chateau, in order 
to prevent the prisoners in one tower talking to those in another, 
and to send soldiers in the neighbourhood of the Bastille in order 
to arrest the persons who make signs to the prisoners whom they 
know, and very often these are prisoners who have received their liberty 
wishing to render service to those who remain, there being communica- 
tion everywhere, and the cause of all these disorders. " 

" A single example will suffice. The person confined in the 
Bastille a few days before the Iron Mask is, according to Dujonca, the 
famous Madame Guyon, and a letter from Count de Pontchartrain 
to Saint-Mars, of November 3, 1698, says: "As for Madame Guyon, 
it is not necessary to do anything with reference to her except by the 
advice of the Archbishop : " — Imperial Archives, Registers of the 
Secretary's office of the King's Household. 



I70 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

finds it good that you should leave the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite to go to the Bastille with your old prisoner, 
taking your precautions to prevent his being either seen 
or known by any one. You can write in advance to His 
Majesty's Lieutenant of this ch&teau to have a chamber ready 
so as to be able to place your prisoner in it on your arrival." 

This despatch cannot be questioned. It exists in the 
archives of the Ministry of War. It was written by the 
Minister, Barbdzieux, a short time previous to Saint-Mars' 
departure for the Bastille, and like many others which we 
shall quote hereafter, it establishes in a formal manner that 
in 1698, and not later, the Man with the Iron Mask entered 
the Bastille, and that no alteration has consequently been 
made in Dujonca's journal. 

Bat to these definitive proofs let us add others drawn 
from Avedick's very singular end. Let us return to this 
individual at the moment when he treads the French soil 
for the first time, and let us follow him to his death, less in 
order to complete our demonstration that he is not the Man 
with the Iron Mask — which would be superfluous — than to 
throw every light upon this little-known individual, and 
pursue to its denoument the story of this extraordinary crime. 



( 171 ) 



CHAPTER XIV. 

Avedick is at first confined in the Prisons of the Arsenal — From 
Marseilles he is conducted to Mount Saint-Michel — Description 
of Mount Saint-Michel — Treatment to which Avedick is exposed 
— His useless Protestations against thi? Abuse of Force — Universal 
Emotion excited throughout the East — Complaints of the Divan 
— Ferriol's Impudence — Terrible Reprisals practised on the 
Catholics — False Avedicks-^Expedients to which Ferriol is re- 
duced — Inquietude of the Roman Court — Duplicity of Louis XIV. 's 
Government — Avedick is transferred to the Bastille — Suggestions 
of which he is the Object — He abjures and is set at Liberty — He 
dies at Paris in the Rue Ferou — Delusive Document drawn up 
with Reference to this Death — Share of Responsibility which at- 
taches to each of the Authors of the Abduction. 

It was not at Marseilles that Avedick was detained, neither 
was he sent, as has been said, to Messina, or to the Isles 
Sainte-Marguerite to be imprisoned. Louis XIV. was too 
prudent and too circumspect to leave in a port of the 
Mediterranean an individual whom his co-religionists, sup- 
ported by- the Ottoman Porte, were energetically demanding 
and seeking with anxious solicitude. Directly the Govern- 
ment of Louis XIV. was advised of- the outcry which 
the disappearance of the Grand Patriarch had excited in 
the East, an Exempt was sent to Marseilles, to M. de 
Montmor, intendant of the galleys, in order to withdraw 
Avedick from the prisons of the Arsenal, and conduct him, 



172 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

"under good and sure guard," to the other extremity of 
France. At the same time it was enjoined " to all governors, 
mayors, syndics, and other officials, to give the Exempt every 
protection, aid, and assistance in case of need," ' rather an 
unnecessary precaution in the case of this weak and 
inoffensive old man. 

Near the ancient boundary of Brittany and Normandy,^ 
rises a narrow rock surrounded on all sides by the waves, 
or by quicksands left uncovered by the sea when it falls at 
every tide. These sands, which extend to the firm land over 
a distance of nearly a couple of miles, are rendered very 
dangerous to cross by the mouths of several small streams.^ 
On this rock, impressed with a savage grandeur, some 
monks had, in the eighth century,* constructed a monastery, 
where they lived isolated from the rest of the world, from 
which they were sometimes separated by vast plains of sand, 
and sometimes by the v/aters of the sea at regular but 
not far distant intervals. It was to this Abbey of Mount 
Saint-Michel, occupied by Benedictines, alternately devoting 
themselves to work and prayer, that the Grand Patriarch of 
the Armenians was conducted. The Prior of the abbey 
received orders to strictly guard the prisoner brought 
to him, " without allowing him to hold communication 
with any one, either by word of mouth or by writing, "^ a 

' Order of Louis XIV., dated from Versailles, November 10, 1706: — 
Correspojidance Administrative du Rignede Louis XIV. y vol. iv. p. 255. 

2 Gallia Christiana, vol. xi. p. 310: "In confinio Britomim ac 
Normannorum, medio in mari." 

^ Such as the See, Celune, and Coesnon. 

* XVII. calend. Novembris, 709: — Gallia Christiana, vol. xi. p. 511. 

5 Letter from Louis XIV. to the Prior of Mount Saint-Michel, 
November 10, 1706 : — Correspondance Administrative du Rigtie de 
Louis XIV., vol. iv. pp. 204 and 205. 



A I ^EDICK IMPRISONED AT MO UNT SAINT-MICHEL. 1 73 

very superfluous precaution in the case of an Armenian 
whose language nobody knew, who was ignorant of French, 
and who found himself in the midst of monks who from 
his arrival were taught to curse him. He was represented 
to them, indeed, as a detestable persecutor of Catholics^ — 
this man who had been three times exiled and twice deposed 
by them, snatched violently from his country, at one time 
cast upon the coast of Syria and confined in a dungeon into 
which the water penetrated, at another carried into a strange 
land, thousands of miles from his native land, where for 
five years he was to drag out a miserable existence and 
then die. An object of horror to the monks, doubly exiled 
in this place of exile, like them separated from the world 
by obstacles almost as insuperable as those which parted 
them, separated from them also by the repulsion which he 
inspired, more unhappy still than in his first prison, where 
at least he breathed the air of his native land, Avedick 
could not even preserve the hope of being delivered. That 
consolatory prospect which his meeting with Spartaly at 
Genoa had permitted him to entertain, he was now obliged 
to renounce ; since, even supposing that his letters had 
reached the Ottoman Porte,'^ no one would dream of 
coming to seek him on so distant and desert a coast. As 
far as his gaze extended he could expect to see no vessel 
of deliverance appear. Whether the sea covered the 



^ "He has been depicted to the King as a very great scoundrel and as 
a persecutor of Catholics. " See letters from the Count de Pontchartrain 
to the Prior of Mount Saint-Michel of July 13, 1707, and August 22, 
1708 : — Correspondance Administrative du Rigne de Louis XIV., yo\. iv. 
pp. 264 and 265. 

7 We have already seen (Chapter xii. p. 157 ante) that they were 
intercepted and sent to Ferriol. 



174 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

sands or whether it ebbed and left them dry, there was the 
same frightful solitude, the same mournful silence, broken 
at times by the roar of the waves beating against the 
rock, or by the peaceful and monotonous chants of the 
monks. 

For ten months he listened to their prayers without 
being allowed to take part in them, and he lived in the 
most absolute isolation. But on July 13, 1707, Pontr 
chartrain wrote to the Prior of Mount Saint-Michel that he 
might allow the prisoner to hear mass, and even admit him 
to confession. " The King," he added, " does not pretend 
to deprive him of the succour which he might find in this 
sacrament ; and his Majesty has merely thought that, before 
admitting him to it, you 'ought to have him examined with 
especial care, as it is to be feared, from what has already 
happened, that his devotion is only feigned and illusory, 
in order to deceive and induce you to guard him with less 
care.' Singular fear of a flight, impracticable in itself, and 
impossible to be prolonged -for any length of time in a 
country where all was strange and hostile to him ! Pont- 
chartrain requested the General of the Benedictines ; at Rome 
to send to Mount Saint-Michel a monk learned in Oriental 
languages, to whom the most absolute discretion was pre- 
scribed with respect to the disclosures which Avedick might 
make to him otherwise than under the seal of confession,? 
but which were not to be kept secret from the Prior, who was 
charged to transmit them to the Minister. Thus it was that 
they did not content themselves with detaining the person of 

8 Letter from Pontchartrain to the Prior of Mount Saint-Michel, 
July 13, 1707. 
8 Ibid. 



FERRIOL DENIES THE ABDUCTION. 175 

the Patriarch : they endeavoured to penetrate to the recesses 
of his soul, with the view of enlightening themselves upon 
the true sentiments,'" and possibly upon the projects of 
the prisoner. The first word that he utters, and which can 
be understood, is a protest of right against might. " Let 
them judge me," he says," "and condemn me to the 
punishment that I deserve ; or, if I am innocent, let it be 
proclaimed, and let them set me at liberty ! " 

He was neither judged nor set at liberty; and his 
protest, forwarded by the Prior to Versailles, was suppressed 
in Pontchartrain's cabinet. It is true that at the same time 
the most alarming intelligence reached the Minister from 
Constantinople, coupled with the most pressing entreaties 
from the court of the Vatican, and from the French 
embassy at the Porte, to isolate and guard the prisoner 
more strictly still. 

On receiving the news of Avedick's disappearance, the 
officers of the Divan and the Grand Vizier himself, justly 
excited, had demanded of Ferriol what had become of him. 
The French ambassador answered with assurance that the 
individual in question had not been given in charge to him, 
and that no doubt the vessel on board which he had been 
carried into exile was one of those English or Dutch corsairs 
which the Grand Seignior tolerated, even in the Dardanelles, 
to the prejudice of his custom-house officers and of the 
interests of his sovereignty." This attempted diversion did 

w " One can change at any moment," writes Pontchartrain, who 
was already hoping for a conversion. 

^1 Letter from the Count de Pontchartrain to the Prior of Mount 
Saint-Michel, August 22, 1708. 

12 Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, June I, 
1706 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 



176 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

not succeed for any length of time. English and Dutch, 
questioned in their turn, having no satisfactory reply to 
give, the Grand Vizier ordered torture to be applied to the 
Chiaoux who had conducted Avedick to Chio ; and in the 
midst of his torments the wretch avowed the whole truth.'' 
The Vizier at once solemnly sent the Chiaoux-Bachi to the 
French embassy in order to claim Avedick as a subject of 
the Grand Seignior. Maurocordato, the first interpreter of 
the Divan, presented himself a few minutes afterwards to 
join his demands to those of the Chiaoux-Bachi, and to insist 
that the abducted person should be immediately sent back 
to Constantinople. The preciseness and energy of the 
demand did not trouble Ferriol, and with great presence of 
mind he replied, " I am ignorant of all that has happened ; 
and truly I cannot have any confidence in the depositions 
of the Chiaoux charged to conduct Avedick. He declared, 
on returning to Constantinople, that he had been taken 
prisoner by a corsair. Who will say that the second depo- 
sition, made during the torments of the torture, is more 
accurate than the first ? Moreover, if the French captain 
has carried off Avedick by force to Italy or France, he will 
be punished. But may it not be the case that the ex- 
Patriarch, fearing death in his third exile, has employed 
the captain to take him to a place of safety ? " Little 
satisfied with this reply, Maurocordato threatened Ferriol, 
in the Sultan's name, with general persecutions against 
the Armenian Catholics. " If Avedick is in France," 
answered Ferriol, " I shall write with the view of his 
being compelled to return. But the Grand Seignior is 

^8 Unpublished despatch from Feniol to Pontchartrain, July 3, 1 706 : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 



PERSECUTION OF THE LATIN ARMENIANS. 177 

master of his own subjects. He can have all the 
Armenians put to death indifferently, without any such 
threat being able to make me acknowledge that of which 
I am ignorant.'* 

The threat was put into execution, and the Catholics, 
in whose pretended interest Avedick was abducted, were 
the objects of a frightful vengeance. A Jiatti-cherif ordered 
the arrest of the principal Armenians of the Latin rite," nine 
of whom escaped death by apostasy, and three intrepidly 
confessing their faith, died martyrs near the Pama-Capou 
Gate ; '^ several Armenians were put to the torture and 
questioned during their torments as to the fate of 
Avedick ; " all proselytizing was interdicted to the Jesuits, 
and the printing establishment which they had founded was 
destroyed ; the two Armenian patriarchs, who had authorised 
the Catholic missionaries to preach in their churches, were 
arrested and thrown into prison; a barat of the Sultan 
recalled x'lvedick to the post of Grand Patriarch ; his vekil 
or vicar, Joanes, was appointed to fulfil his duties ad 
interim^^ the measures of rigour and the proscriptions" 
being increased from the moment of his elevation to power ; 



" Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, July 6, 
1706. 

15 La Motraye, work already quoted, p. 381. 

16 Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Louis XIV., July 10, 1706 : 
— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 43. 

" Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, July 10, 
1706. 

18 Unpublished despatch from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, July 3, 1706 : 
— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 

13 Unpublished letters from Ferriol to the Pope, November 30, 
1707; to the Cardinal de la Tremouille, November 4, 1707; and to 
the Marquis de Torcy, December 5, 1707. 

12 



178 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

all the Catholics were obliged to fly or hide themseFves ; 
against them universal fury was directed, amongst them were 
desolation and ruin ; such, at Constantinople and through- 
out the whole Turkish empire, were the immediate and 
terrible consequences of Avedick's abduction. So true is 
it that violence invariably leads to violence, and that an 
abuse of force is sooner or later followed by reprisals which, 
although they are to be deplored, cannot be altogether con- 
demned, since, if they are without excuse, they, at least, 
have their explanation in an immutable law common to all 
nations and all epochs ! ' 

This exasperation against the Catholics was equalled 
only by the affection which their unfortunate victim inspired. 
In all the churches prayers were said every evening for his 
prompt return. For a moment it was believed that they were 
answered.^" The news spread through Constantinople that 
Avedick was at Rodosto, a town thirty leagues off. Some 
Armenians immediately set off to meet him, with the view 
of bringing him back in triumph. But they only found an 
impostor who had succeeded in deceiving a large number 
of schismatics, and in collecting a considerable sum in alms, 
by taking advantage of the enthusiasm excited everywhere 
by the mere name of the Patriarch.^i 

All that concerned the fate of this beloved chief was 
sought after with avidity, and accepted with a credulous but 
touching confidence. One day an Armenian affirmed that 
he had seen him in Holland, and received a magnificent 

™ Unpublished letter from Ferriol to Pontcliartrain, July 6, 1706 : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 

21 This pseudo-Avedick was arrested and imprisoned in Constanti- 
nople, but he managed to escape by applying the money he had collected 
to corrupt his gaolers. 



FERRIOVS DUPLICITY. 179 

present for this happy piece of news ; h^ disappeared, how- 
ever, before it was discovered to be false. ^^ Later, two 
Turkish slaves from Malta affirmed that Avedick was de- 
tained there a prisoner. They contrived by this artifice to 
get their ransoms paid, and the false information brought by 
them not being devoid of probability, two rich Armenians 
determined to charter a vessel and proceed to Malta to 
claim the prisoner. Ferriol, called upon to furnish them 
with a letter of recommendation both for Malta and for 
Rome, where they were to continue their researches, osten- 
sibly did so. But he secretly forwarded by another channel 
to the Cardinal de la Trdmouille, French ambassador to the 
. Holy See, a private despatch, ^^ in which he recommended 
the greatest circumspection and the exercise of an incessant 
surveillance over the two Armenians. 

^ Unpublished letter from Femol to Pontchartrain, May 15, 1707: — 
Archives of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 

2' Here are the two despatches, dated the same day and sent by 
different channels: — " Pera, November 16, 1707. — Monseigneur — The 
Grand Vizier, desiring that Avedick, the Patriarch of the schismatic 
Armenians, vi'ho is said to have gone into Christian lands, should 
return to Constantinople, sends two Armenians to Malta, named 
Hazadour, son of Margos, and Donabit, son of Yartan, in order to 
search for the said Patriarch Avedick, and to bring him back to Con- 
stantinople, two Turks, formerly at Malta, having assured the Grand 
Vizier that they had seen him there two months and a half ago. As I 
have nothing so much at heart as to please -the Grand Vizier, I have 
given passports to the Armenians and a letter of recommendation for 
M. le Bailli de Tincourt, to the end that they may have every sort of 
liberty to seek and bring here the said Patriarch Avedick, and return to 
Constantinople when it -shall seem good to them, without suffering any 
difficulty or impediment ; but that on the contrary every kind of as- 
sistance should be given to them. As, however, the Turks, who were 
slaves at Malta, asserted that the said Patriarch Avedick was going on to 
Rome, I beg your Eminence very humbly to render every kind of 
assistance to the Armenians, to facilitate their search for the Patriarch 



i8o THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

With reference to the Divan, whose demands continued 
to be both precise and firm, Ferriol, reduced to shifts, was 
always contriving fresh artifices in order to appease the 
Grand Vizier's resentment.^* At times he promised to send 
one of the officers of the embassy in search of Avedick. 
Then the report having spread abroad that the Grand 
Patriarch was confined at Messina, Ferriol engaged to beg 
the King of France to demand of his grandson, Philip V., 
King of Spain, that he should be set at liberty and sent 
back.ss But he always affirmed that he was a stranger to 
the abduction, and that he was entirely ignorant of where 
Avedick was, On this last point, and on that only, he was 
sincere. The government of Louis XIV. had concealed, 
even from its representative at Constantinople the transfer 
of the prisoner to Mount Saint-Michel, and Ferriol, very 
well informed of every detail of Avedick's transport to 
Marseilles, had been prudently kept in the most complete 
ignorance of ulterior decisions. But if he was unacquainted 

Avedick, and give them the means of bringing him back to Constanti- 
nople in all security. " 

Here is now the secret despatch : — " Pera, November 1 6, 1707. — 
Monseigneur — As the two Turks have said that Avedick was going to 
Rome, I have, at the request of the Grand Vizier, given the Armenians 
a letter of recommendation to your Eminence. You can judge of the 
character of these persons. It is, however, important that they should 
not be ill'treated, and, after having sought Avedick, that they should 
be pei-mitted to return to Constantinople. But all their proceedings 
ought to be watched in such a way that they can neither complain of 
this course nor enter on their return into new plots." — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey-, 45. 

"^ Unpublished letters from Ferripl to Pontchartrain, September I, 
1706, and Februaiy 19, 1707 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Turkey, 45. 

2» Unpublished letters from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, July 18, and 
September i6, 1706. 



FERRIOL'S VINDICTIVENESS. iSi 

with them, he at least inspired them by his spiteful insist- 
ance, by his implacability in pursuing his enemy even in his 
most profound and most irretrievable fall. " He does not 
care to demand the death of the sinner," he says, "but he 
must do penance, and must never be set at liberty." " If 
Avedick is in the prisons of the Holy Office," we read in 
another despatch, " he will never leave them ; if he is in 
France, I beg of you to order him to be placed in a dark 
chamber, from which he can never behold the day." 
" Whatever penance," says he, elsewhere, " he may perform 
for his crimes and for his persecution of the Latins, will 
never be sufficiently great." ^^ 

From Rome also the most earnest entreaties and the 
most pressing recommendations " to confine the prisoner 
still more closely " ^"^ reached Louis XIV. Twice did the 
Minister of Exterior Relations, the Marquis de Torcy, 
charge the Cai'dinal de la Tremouille to remove the 
inquietudes of the congregation of the Holy Office. " The 
orders to redouble attention and watchfulness,'' wrote Torcy, 
" have been renewed. He is seen only by the person who 
gives him his food. They converse only by signs, and, 
when he hears mass on fete-days and Sundays, he is put in 

^ Unpublished letters from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, June I, and 
September lo, 1706, and February 19, 1707. It should be remarked 
that it is especially after the abduction that Ferriol so vehemently 
accuses Avedick of terrible persecutions. Extracts from his despatches, 
written previous to the abduction, and which we have given in Chapter 
XII. (pp. 149 and 153 ante), show that this accusation had much less 
foundation than the French ambassador wished to make believe, with 
the evident intention of justifying the abduction of the Patriarch. 

"' Unpublished despatch from the Cardinal de la Tremouille to 
Torcy, July 21, 1708: — Archives of Ministry of Foreign Afiaii-s, 
section Rome, 491. 



1 82 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

a place apart from all others." At the same time,*'^ the 
Minister informed the Cardinal that the Armenians, who had 
come to Marseilles, had departed again without being able 
to find any traces of Avedick. " We know," he added,^^ 
"that the valet of the Patriarch is about to come from 
Leghorn to France, likewise with the view of discovering 
what has become of his master. But on his arrival he will 
be arrested and closely imprisoned." These despatches 
were, we see, of a nature to entirely reassure the Holy 
Office, 3° and Louis XIV. showed himself as vigilant a 
guardian of Avedick's person as he had been, through his 
ambassador, the principal author, and, in his despatches, 
the unreserved approver of the abduction. 

He went further still, and entering in his turn on that 
path of dupUcity in which Ferriol had long since outstripped 
him, Louis XIV. wrote to his representative near the Porte: 
"It is impossible for us to satisfy the Grand Vizier's 
demands with reference to Avedick. He is no longer in a 
state to be sent living to Constantinople." ^i Louis XIV. 
added " that the news of his death had been given him, at 
the very moment when, in order to be agreeable to the 

28 Unpublished letters from Torcy to La Tremouille, August 17, 
and September 6, 1708 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 
section Rome, 484 and 492. 

20 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Rome, 492. 

80 Only a very few persons at Rome knew that Avedick was in 
France, and even they were ignorant of the precise place where he was 
detained. The other Cardinals had, with reference to this matter, 
only vague and inexact information, as is proved by a letter written 
from Rome, July 27, 1706, in which it is stated that Avedick was u 
prisoner at Messina. — Archives of the Empire, Monuments Historiqites, 
xi. : NSgociations, K 1315-1326. 

81 Letter, February 14, 1707 :— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Turkey, 44. 



AVEDICK CONVEYED TO THE BASTILLE. 183 

Grand Vizier, he was having the Patriarch sought for in 
Spain and Italy with the view of deUvering him up to his 
legitimate sovereign.'' 

This prisoner, still sufficiently menacing and formidable 
at the bottom of his dungeon for Rome as well as. Versailles 
to be thus concerned about his fate, this old man, the object 
of so many preoccupations, and, throughout the whole of 
the Levant, of regrets which he did not even have the 
consolation of knowing, was not thought to be sufficiently 
surely isolated by the sands and the sea that surround 
Mount Saint-Michel. The moats, the massive doors, and 
the towers of the Bastille were considered necessary. " On 
December 18, 1709," says Dujonca in his journal, "there 
has entered a very important prisoner, whose name was not 
mentioned." ^^ This was Avedick, whose death, announced 
by Louis XIV., the majority of the Armenians had long 
since been mourning. The same recommendations which 
the Prior of Mount Saint-Michel had received were given to 
M. de Bemaville, governor of the State prison, and he was 
forbidden " to allow the slightest communication between 
his new prisoner and any other person." ^^ However, 
Louis XIV. was not slow in authorising an exception to 
this rule. A project, long since favoured by the King's 
government, and the execution of which would render it 
for ever impossible for Avedick to return to Constantinople, 

^2 Manuscripts of the Arsenal Library, Dujonca's Journal, Rcgistres 
des Entries. This new extract from this journal proves once more 
its perfect authenticity, since the date is corroborated by the letter to the 
governor which we are about to quote. 

3S Letter from Louis XIV. to M. de Bemaville, at " Marly, De- 
cember 18, 1709;" — Corrcspondance Administrative du Rigne de Louis 
XIV., vol. iv. p. 285. 



i84 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

was about to be realized. This was to instruct him in the 
Catholic religion, to determine him to submit to the autho- 
rity of the Holy See, and thus to lead him to discredit 
himself with those of his co-religionists who still doubted 
of his death. Such was the end, for the accomplishment of 
which a monk had been placed near the Patriarch during the 
two years of his stay at Mount Saint-Michel. At the Bastille 
the suggestions became more pressing, and 'Armenian 
books were given to him,^* in which he- might learn 
the Catholic doctrines, and convince himself how narrow 
were the grounds of difference which separated the Latin 
Armenians from the schismatics. These he traversed, 
and, on September 22, 17 10, he abjured between the 
hands of the Cardinal de Noailles, Archbishop of Paris, 
by an instrument written in the Armenian language, 
three translations of which in Latin were delivered, 
one to the Cardinal, another to the Minister of Ex- 
terior Relations, and the third to Avedick himself^* 
A few days afterwards he was ordained priest in the 
church of Notre-Dame. This abjuration was the only 
means Avedick had of recovering his liberty ; and, de- 
pressed by so many storms, he ceded, after five years of 
close captivity, to the natural desire of breathing a free 
air during the few remaining years that he had to live. 

In the early part of 171 1, an old man, bowed by ad- 
versity still more than by weight of years, his countenance 

^ Declaration authentique de M. Pitis de la Croix, Secritaire-in- 
terprite du Roi en langues Arabe, Turque, et autres Orlentales, Aug. 24, 
171 1 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 

^ Profession de foy et rhmion d^ Avedick, Patriarche Arminien, h 
la Sainte Eglise Romaine, Monday, September 22, 17 10 : — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Aifairs. 



DEATH OF AVEDICK'. iSj 

furrowed by deep wrinkles, his eyesight nearly gone, might 
be seen every morning to leave a little house in the Rue 
Fe'rou, where he dwelt with his interpreter.'"' Having pre- 
served in his attire some remnant of the Armenian costume, 
being a foreigner in language and manners, and sustaining 
by the aid of a stick his enfeebled body, he attracted 
attention, and people followed him with their glances to 
the church of Saint-Sulpice, to which he was attached as 
priest, and where he every day said mass.37 This was the 
religious chief and civil protector of several millions of 
Armenians, the enemy of Ferriol and of the Jesuits, and 
the vanquished in the long struggle sustained against them. 
He did not long enjoy his liberty, but died on July 21, 1711, 
ten months after having quitted the Bastille, without rela- 
tions or friends, having demanded and received the con- 
solations and the sacraments of that Roman Church 's whose 
ardent missionaries had been the cause of all his misfor- 
tunes. Thus terminated this life, commenced in obscurity 
and misery, continued on the patriarchal throne, crossed 
with unhoped-for elevations and sudden falls, and completed 
mournfully in exile. 

Louis XIV., exhausting precautions, and pushing im- 
posture and mockery to their extreme limits, had an instru- 
ment drawn up by the Lieutenant of Police d'Argenson, in 
which were attested the King's sorrow on hearing of this 
death, and the promptitude which the monarch had shown 

^ Petis de la Croix, Dklaration authentiqice, Ss'c. , already quoted. 

" Extract from the Registres des Convoys et Enterrements h FEglise 
paroissiale h Saint-Sulpice, h Paris, delivered by tlie S. Joachim de la 
Chetardye, cur^ of Saint-Sulpice, August 14, 171 1. 

88 Ibid. Avedick was interred in the cemetery of the Church of 
Saint-Sulpice. 



i86 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

in giving liberty to the prisoner directly the foreigner had been 
able to make . it understood what his quality was. By a 
singular euphemism, Avedick was termed a disgraci'e, and 
Louis XIV. declared that he had never approved the violence, 
and still less the crimes, which, unknown to his Majesty, had 
heeii committed in Turkey on the person of the deceased.^^ This 
lying document was to have been sent to Constantinople 
in case the Porte should reclaim Avedick in too menacing 
a manner. But it was unnecessary. Several changes of 
Grand Viziers contributed to abate the demands, and to 
render them less pressing. At long intervals the name 
of the ex-Patriarch recurred in the conversations between 
the Ottoman prime minister and the French ambassador ;*" 
then, by degrees, the Divan no longer occupied itself with 
it. The remembrance of Avedick was less profoundly 
engrafted there than in the grateful hearts of the Ar- 
menians. 

But this is not the complete denotement of the drama. At 
the very time when Ferriol's victim was dying, he himself 
was returning from Constantinople insane, having been, two 
years since, replaced in his post, which, with an extravagant 
pretension,*! he had, however, up to that time refused to quit. 

^^ Despatches from the Count de Pontchartrain to the Lieutenant of 
Police d'Argenson, July 22 and 30, 1 71 1 : — Correspondance Adminis- 
trative du Rigne de Louis XIV., vol. iv. pp. 292 and 293. Prods- 
verbal de M. d'Argenson^ contenant enquesie sur la vie et la mort de 
Monseigneur Avedick, patriarche des Armeniens a Constantinople, 
September 15, 171 1 : — Manuscripts of the Arsenal Library, Papiers 
d' Argenson, 

*" Letters from Count Desalleurs, ambassador of France at Con- 
stantinople, to the Marquis de Torcy, June 16, 1 710, and Aug. I, 1713. 

'^ I have a number of most interesting despatches relating to this end, 
and to some very curious scenes which occurred during the last years 
passed by Ferriol at Constantinople. Perhaps I shall utilize them some 



FERRIOL BECOMES INSANE. 187 

It was, in some measure, necessary to use force to compel 
him to embark.42 For a long time he had recognized the 
enormous fault he had committed, and on January 6, 1709, 
had written to Torcy, " I know only of one thing for which 
people can reproach me — it is the abduction of Avedick."*-* 
But this was not the cause of his recall, which was evidently 
entirely due to the too certain signs of his insanity.** It 
cannot be denied that Louis XIV. *5 approved the violation 

day. But the laws of proportion prevent me from doing so here and 
obhge me not to prolong this story beyond the death of the principal 
personage. After his return to France, whither he had brought that 
beautiful Circassian slave, who became celebrated under the name of 
Mademoiselle Aisse, Ferriol lived in obscurity, much, however, against 
his will, since he did not cease soliciting being sent back to Constanti- 
nople as ambassador, and to deny his madness with a vehemence and an 
excess of language which made his statement seem very improbable. 

^ Unpublished despatches from the King to the Count Desalleurs, 
ambassador at Constantinople after Ferriol, September 25, 1710, and 
from the Marquis de Torcy to the same, of the same day : — Archives of 
the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 48. 

*' Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 48. 

^* Unpublished despatches from the King to M. de Fontenu, Consul 
at Smyrna, September 19, 1709 ; from Torcy to Ferriol, November 5, 
1709 ; from the King to Ferriol, March 27, i7iO:^Archives of the 
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 48 ; and from Ferriol to 
Torcy, May 23, 1 71 1 {ibid. Turkey, 49). 

45 We think it unnecessary to demonstrate this after the circum- 
stantial account we have given. It suffices to add : — 1st. That 
Louis XIV. paid the expenses occasioned by the abduction, which for 
one consul alone amounted to 105 ounces of gold (unpublished des- 
patches from Ferriol to Pontchartrain, June 25, 1706, and Nov. 8, 
1707, Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Turkey, 
45). znd. That the first despatch addressed by the King to 
Ferriol, on October 17, 1706, after the news of the abduction had 
arrived at Versailles, far from conveying a reprimand, contains the 
following : — " Versailles, October 17, 1706. — I approve your attention in 
procuring for the Christian slaves in the Crimea the spiritual succours of 
which up to the present time they have been deprived, and as you know 



iS8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

of the law of nations, of which Avedick was the victim ; 
and if the Catholic missionaries are responsible for having 
suggested this crime, as Ferriol is for the orders transmitted 
to Chio, the government of Louis XIV. is not the less so for 
having prolonged and aggravated its consequences by the 
treatment to which the prisoner was subjected. 

my sentiments concerning the protection which I wish on all occasions 
to accord to the Catholic religion throughout the Ottoman empire, you 
can render me no more agreeable service than to continue to make the 
effects of it manifest, either publicly or by secret ways, to all those who 
profess it and who find themselves oppressed by the officers of the 
Grand Seignior, whether they are his subjects, or of whatever nation they 
may be, and the more violent you remark the persecution against them 
on the part of the Vizier to be, the more attentive you ought to show your- 
self to procure them, with suitable caution, the assistance which they 
have a right to expect from you." — (Ibid. Turkey, 43.) 3rd. That 
in the instructions sent to Count Desalleurs, Ferriol's successor at 
Constantinople, Ferriol's conduct is approved. — (/forf. Turkey, 47). 
4th. That Ferriol's recall took place three years after the abduction, 
and was due solely to the proofs of insanity he had exhibited, and of 
which Louis XIV. had been informed by the chief officers of the 
embassy. 



( i89 ) 



CHAPTER XV. 

Description of Pignerol — Its Past, its Situation — Portrait of Saint- 
Mars — His Scruples and his Integrity — Fouquet's Anival at 
Pignerol — Brief Account of the Surintendant's Career — His Error 
with regard to Louis XIV., whom he betrays — Causes of Fouquet's 
Fall — His Arrest — His Trial — His Condemnation — No kind of 
Obscurity in this Affair. 

Of the principal personages in whom people have seen 
the Man with the Iron Mask, we have first got rid of 
those imaginary beings, those pretended brothers of 
Louis XIV., whom it was necessary to banish to the domain 
of fiction. Afterwards entering into that of reality, we have 
studied the lives of several princes whom people have also 
covered with the mysterious mask,' but whom we have 

1 It is needless to say that I have put on one side the numerous 
opinions which are not worthy of being discussed, simply because they 
do not rest upon a pretext even. There was a period (that of the 
public disputes between Freron, Saint-Foix, Lagrange-Chancel, Father 
Griffet, and Voltaire) when to imagine a solution of this problem 
was in fashion, and people suggested a name without troubling them- 
selves with the proofs, or at least with the motives which might render 
this name probable. It is in this manner that two-and-twenty so-styled 
solutions have been put forward. I have discussed those which con- 
cern the brothers of Louis XIV. (son of Buckingham and Anne of 
Austria, son of Anne of Austria and an imknown person, son of Anne 
of Austria and Lous XIII., born some hours after Louis XIV.) I have 



igo THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

shown as dying elsewhere than at the Bastille ; as Verman- 
dois before Courtray, Monmouth on the scafifold, and 
Beaufort at the siege of Qandia. These accounts have been 



subsequently refuted the Vemiandois solution, and the Monmouth, 
Peaufort, and Avedick. I shall content myself with simply mentioning 
the opinions which make the Man with the Iron Mask a natural and 
adulterine son of Marie-Louise d'Orleans, wife of Charles II., King of 
Spain ; a natural and adulterine son of Marie- Anne de Neubourg, 
second wife of Charles II.,. King of Spain, who would have been put 
out of the way by Louis XIV. ; a natural son of the Duchess Henrietta 
d'Orleans and Louis XIV. ; a natural son of the same Princess and the 
Count de Guiche ; a natural son of Marie-Therese, wife of Louis XIV. 
and of the negro servant whom she had brought with her from Spain ; 
a son of Christine of Sweden and of her Grand Equerry Monaldeschi ; 
a son of Cromwell ; a lover of Louise d'Orleans, imprisoned when she 
became Queen of Spain ; a woman ; a pupil of the Jesuits incarcerated 
for an abusive distich, and sent to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. All 
these opinions have, as may be seen, very little weight. 

Lastly, it is proper to name the Chevalier Louis de Rohan, Master 
of the Hounds, condemned to death in 1674, as a conspirator, 
and who, according to one theory, had his life spared. M. Pierre 
Clement, in the work which he has devoted to this individual [Enguer- 
rand de Marigny, Beaune de Semblanfay, le Chevalier de Rohan, episodes 
de VHistoire de France'], and in chapter vi. of his curious volume, La 
Police sous Louis XIV. , has clearly established that the Chevalier de 
Rohan was beheaded. He was executed with his accomplices in front 
of the Bastille, November 27, 1674. The execution was public, and it 
was impossible to have substituted any one else. It was not because no 
effort was made to move the heart of Louis XIV. ; but Louvois was 
always on the watch, and in this instance thought it desirable to renew 
the severities of Richelieu. Even supposing it were possible to prove 
that Louis XIV. had spared the life of this conspirator, it would also 
be necessary to prove that he was the Man with the Iron Mask, and not 
merely by showing the probabilities and indicating the possibilities. 
Such a process, indeed, sufficed in the last century to build up a theory; 
but historical criticism in our own times is rightly more exacting. It is 
essential now-a-days to establish the perfect conformity between the 
Chevalier de Rohan and the Man with the Iron Maslc, by following the 
former from prison to prison, from the time that his life is said to have 



THE FORTRESS OF PIGNEROL. 191 

followed by the story of a great State prisoner under 
Louis XIV., in whose favour very strong presumptions have 
been advanced, but who was incarcerated neither at 
Pignerol nor at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, and who ended 
his days in liberty. Let us now penetrate with Saint-Mars 
into Pignerol, and among the individuals confided to his 
care, let us seek which of them, confined for a long time in 
this fortress, next at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, and lastly 
conducted to the Bastille, where he died on November 19, 
1703, is really the Man with the Iron Mask. 

At the entrance to the valleys of the Chisone and -the 
Lemina, on the slope of one of those , hills in which by in- 
sensible gradations the great chain of the Alps terminates on 
the side of Piedmont, there arose in the form of an amphi- 
theatre a little town which, from the twelfth century, the 



been spared until his death in 1 703. But this is utterly impossible. One 
prisoner only was brought to Saint-Mars in 1674, but on April 18, long 
before the Chevalier's trial : this prisoner was an insignificant and 
obscure monk. Now we are acquainted with all the prisoners confided 
to Saint-Mars since that time, we know the causes of their imprison- 
ment, and there is no doubt, moreover, that he had no others. 
Numerous despatches attest this fact, and it has been established and 
recognized since a long time. The only doubtful point is which of 
Saint-Mars' prisoners was the Man with the Iron Mask. But not one 
of them has, in his existence, his age, the manner in which he was 
treated, the time at which he was incarcerated, any feature which 
resembles the Chevalier de Kohan even in conjecture. See, besides 
the two volumes mentioned : Imperial Archives, Manuscript Registers 
of the Secretary's office of the King's Household, year 1674, pp. 133, 
165, 184. Archives of the Ministry of War, letter from Louvois to the 
King, October 6, 1674. Mhnoires Militaires de Louis XIV., vol. iii. 
p. 522; Basnage, chap. civ. p. 549; La Hode, book xxxv. p. 514; 
Limiers, book vi. p. 274; Lafare, chap. vii. p. 211 ; Sismondi, 
Histoire des Franfais, vol. xxv. pp. 280 and 282 ; Camille Roiisset, 
Histoire de Louvois, vol. ii. p. 120. 



192 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Princes of Savoy had caused to be fortified for the safety of 
their States, the approach to which it defended. At the 
summit of the hill, formerly covered with a forest of pines, 
whence the town received its name, a citadel, surrounded 
by fortifications, had been constructed, which was com- 
manded on the north alone by the mountain of Sainte- 
Brigitte, soon to be itself covered with redoubts and 
entrenchments. Having thus become a military position of 
the greatest importance, and, as the key of Italy, able in 
turns to check or favour foreign invasions, the position of 
Pignerol, coveted by the Kings of France, and so precious 
to the Dukes of Piedmont, was long disputed by arms, or 
claimed by diplomacy. Captured in 1532 by Francis I. 
from the too feeble Duke Charles III., restored by 
Henry III. in 1574 to Philibert-Emmanuel,^ attacked 
unsuccessfully in 1595 by the Duke de Lesdiguiferes, it 
ended in 1630 by falling into the power of Cardinal de 
Richelieu, who took possession of it at the head of 40,000 
men, and placed it under the rule of the King of France, to 
whom it was destined to belong until the disasters of the 
latter years of Louis XIV. Richelieu, Mazarin, and 
Louvois contributed to render its fortifications formidable. 
To-day there remain only a few ruins of them, near to the 
cathedral of Saint-Maurice, whence there is a charming 
view. 3 Very different, however, was the appearance of 
Pignerol in 1664, the period at which Saint-Mars proceeded 



2 Cessions di PinerMo, fatta da Enrico III. ad Emanuele Filiberto 
il Grande Duca di Savoia, Pinerolo, 1858. 

' Pinerolo antico e moderno e suoi dintorni, del Canonico G. Groset- 
Monchet ; Veduta di S. Maurizio, dell' Abate Car. Jacopo Bemardi 
Pinerolo, 1858. 



DESCRIPTION OF PIGNEROL. 193 

thither to take possession of the donjon of the citadel, con- 
verted into a State prison.* On the side of the hill were to 
be seen the houses of the town with their low red-tiled roofs, 
their slight-looking companiles, and their chimneys in the 
form of turrets ; here and there on certain houses, battle- 
ments and loop-holes might be detected, the remains of some 
old defence or a useful precaution against future attack. As 
one raised the eyes life and action were seen to gradually 
disappear, giving place to the dull monotonous service of a 
fortified post. On the summit wide ditches isolated the 
citadel from the town, whilst beyond, a double line of thick 
walls formed a vast parallelogram flanked by four lofty 
towers J along the breastworks, near the drawbridges and 
on the bastions, soldiers were on guard, and in the court- 
yards others were lounging about ; lastly, in the centre of 
all these fortifications, was a large square donjon, silent yet 
appearing as though inhabited, and having its windows 
covered with iron bars. Sombre and sinister in aspect this 
black-looking mass towered to the skies. Such may we 
picture to ourselves, after the lapse of a couple of centuries, 
was the dwelling of those, prisoners, some celebrated like 
Fouquet, others mysterious like the Iron Mask, who have 
rendered Pignerol for ever famous in history and legend. 
' ' Between the severe aspect of this donjon and the 
character of its new commandant, there was a perfect 
similarity, and no one united in himself more completely 
than Saint-Mars the necessary qualities for fulfilling the 
duties confided to him. Bdnigne d'Auvergne, Seigneur de 
Saint-Mars, was a petty gentleman of Champagne, from the 
neighbourhood of Montfort-l'Amaury, when he entered the 

* Corografia fiska deW Italia, di Attilio Zuccagni-Orlandini. 

13 



194 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

first company of the King's Musketeers.^ At thirty-four 
years of age, he had just attained the rank of quartermaster,^ 
when Fouquet was arrested at Nantes in i66r. In this 
affair he shared the royal confidence with his lieutenant, 
D'Artagnan, and whilst the latter was charged with the arrest 
of the Surintendant, Saint-Mars had confided to him the 
mission of arresting Pellisson and conducting him to Angers.'? 
Selected by Louis XIV., in 1664, as being capable of securely 
guarding Fouquet at Pignerol, he was named Commandant 
of the donjon of this place, and Captain of a free company.^ 
He immediately proceeded to Pignerol, and from that time 
devoted himself to those weiglity duties of gaoler with which 
he was to be occupied in -various prisons, and last of all at the 
Bastille, until his death, always with the same overpowering 
sense of his responsibility which made him in reality the 

5 Mhnoires de D'Artagnan, by Sandraz de Couvtilz, Cologne, 1701, 
vol. iii. pp. 222 and 385 ; Annales de la Cour et de Paris, for the years 
1697 and 1698, vol. ii. p. 380. 

^ Order ofLeTellier to d'Artagnan, Decembers, 1661 : — Archives of 
the Ministry of War. - 

7 Ibid. 

8 Despatches from Louvois to Saint-Mars, January 17, 23, and 29, 
1665. Saint-Mars espoused the sister of Louvois' mistress, whose 
acquaintance he made, not in one of his journeys to Paris (for these 
were extremly rare), but at Pignerol itself. The Sieur Damorezan (and 
uotDe Mor^sant, as MM. Paul Lacroix and Jules Loiseleur have written 
it), muster-master at Pignerol, had two sisters, one of whom, Madame 
Dufresnoy, became mistress of Louvois, and through his influence, 
lady of the bed-chamber to the Queen, while the other married Saint- 
Mars. The latter had 6,000 livres (240/.) salary, plus gratuities, 
which were often . very considerable. He alone commanded in the 
donjon, and his authority was independent of that of the Marquis 
d'Herleville, governor of the town of Pignerol, and of M. Lamothe de 
Rissan," Lieutenant of the King in the citadel. There were, however, 
between the latter and Saint-Mars occasional jealousies which Louvois 
sought to remove, but not always with success. 



PORTRAIT OF SAINT- MARS. 195 

chief of Louis XIV. 's State prisoners. He possessed the 
gaoler's two principal qualifications : a discretion which 
was proof against everything, combined with a distrust 
such as the suspicious Louvois himself had occasionally 
to restrain while he had but rarely to put him on 
the alert. He was not, like D'Artagnan, an intelligent, 
generous, and frank executer of the royal will. With a 
somewhat narrow and extremely timid disposition, alike 
taciturn and restless, one thought alone possessed and ruled 
him, — the servile accomplishment of the King's orders. To 
discuss them would have seemed a crime to him ; to seek 
to interpret them appeared superfluous. He answered for 
the prisoners confided to his care. The height of the walls, 
the depth and width of the moats, the vigilance of the 
sentinels, the carefulness of the watchmen, the strength of 
the iron gratings, did not suffice to calm the inquietude of 
his suspicious mind. In endeavouring to dissipate it, he 
did not content himself with informing Louvois of the most 
minute details, the most puerile circumstances ; his scruples 
and uneasiness were everlastingly reviving. Everything was 
in his eyes a matter for suspicion, and his troubled imagina- 
tion never ceased to foresee pretended plans of flight. A 
stranger visiting Pignerol, and regarding the citadel with 
a little attention, immediately became an object of suspicion 
to him and was arrested, subjected to a long examination, 
and imprisoned for a length of time.9 Every month he had 
a list drawn up of strangers arriving in the town,'" with the 
view of noticing the names which appeared in it too 

5 Unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to Louvois, May 6, 1673 : 
— Archives of the Ministry of War, vol. cccliv. fo. 214. 

1" Unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to Louvois, March 17, 1673 : 
— Ibid., vol. cccliv. fo. 230. 



195 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

frequently. The linen of his prisoners before leaving the 
donjon was carefully plunged into a tub of water, and then 
dried at a fire in the presence of officers charged in rotation 
to assure themselves of the absence of all writing upon it." 
The least change observed in the habits of the prisoners 
was a source of painful worry to Saint-Mars, appearing to 
him in the light of a mysterious signal designed to expedite 
a criminal attempt ; and one day, after his usual visit and 
long search in the rooms of Fouquet and De Lauzun, not 
having been able to discover the slightest sign of anything 
abnormal,'^ he was at first surprised and then very much 
alarmed. This absence of signals doubtless seemed to him 
a signal of itself. For the rest, an honest man," greedy of 
gain," but seeking it only by legitimate means, insensible to 
the reproaches of his prisoners, finding in the sentiment of 
having done his duty sufficient strength to be able to disdain 
their abuse, and acting humanely on the very rare occasions 

" Unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to Louvois, February 20, 

1672 : — Ibid., vol. ccxcix. fo. 67. 

12 Unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to Louvois, April 22, 

1673 : — Ibid., vol. cccliv. fo. 193. 

1* This is tlie testimony which Madame de Sevigne gives about him 
in a letter dated January 25, 1675 = " He was a discreet man and very 
exact in'duty," say the Mimoires de D'Artagnan. 

" An unpublished letter, written June 4, 1689, by Seignelay to 
Saint-Mars, who was then at the Isles Saint-Marguerite, furnishes a 
proof of this eagerness for gain : — Archives of Ministry of Marine, 
Lettres des Secretaires d' Etat, 1689. Saint-Mars, like all the governors 
of the Bastille, left a large fortune. The profits realized in this position 
were, however, in no degree prejudicial to the prisoners' nourishment, 
the expenses being defrayed on a very liberal footing, as M. Ravaisson 
has perfectly established in his learned introduction to the A rchives de 
la Bastille, p. xxviii. et seq. He received presents from Louis XIV., one 
of which one day amounted to 10,000 crowns (1,250/.) : — Letter from 
Louvois to Saint-Mars, January II, 1677. 



FOUQUET AT PIGNEROL. 197 

when their safety did not seem to be compromised. After 
having perused his frank and unaffected correspondence, in 
which one has a complete portrait of him, one is almost 
tempted to pity Saint-Mars as much as his prisoners, because, 
while enjoying as little liberty as they did, he was to some ex- 
tent their victim, being secretly preyed upon by the incessant 
and, painful fear of their escape. The continual inquietude by 
which he was agitated rendered him a prematurely old man, 
and contemporaries represent him as bent in figure, very 
thin, his head, hands, and entire body'^ trembling; in a 
word, overwhelmed by the heavy burden of the responsi- 
bility which weighed him down. 

It was under the care of this man that Fouquet was to 
pass the last sixteen years of his life. It was with him that 
the imprisonment of the Surintendant was in reality about 
to commence. From the day of his arrest, indeed, until his 
arrival at Pignerol, a thousand intrigues had been brewing 
around him. The threats of his enemies, the pressing exer- 
tions of his friends, by turns the danger of capital punish- 
ment and the hope of being saved, with constant changes of 
prison '° and the preoccupations of the trial, had absorbed his 
existence and abridged the length of the four years which 
had elapsed. But when he found himself at Pignerol in 
a chamber into which the light penetrated only through 
osier-screens fixed on enormous bars of iron, waited upon 
by unknown individuals who were removed so soon as he 
endeavoured to interest them in his misfortunes, and who 
were continued in his service if they consented to act as 

15 Histoirede la Bastille oiC<sc&iKa.'aa.&.t'S.&riae.y'^t, vol. i. p. 32. 

16 Nantes, Angers, Amboise, Vincennes, Moret, Fontainebleau, the 
Bastille. 



igS THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

spies over him ; when the only visits he received were those 
of his gaoler coming every day to carefully examine his 
furniture, rummage over his effects, consult his countenance, 
and surprise his thoughts; when all correspondence was 
forbidden him, and when he might believe himself for ever 
separated from those who were dearest to him ; then, and 
then alone, there appeared to him in all its reality the 
horror of his lot, rendered stUl more bitter by the recollec- 
tion of past splendours. How often in his isolation did he 
invoke the dazzling picture of his unprecedented fortune ! 
How many times did he recount to himself the great part 
he had played jiuring the Fronde, the legitimate influence 
acquired over Anne of Austria and Mazarin, whose devoted 
auxiliary he had been, so many and such high functions 
united in his own person, a great part of the court at his 
feet, friends like Corneille and Molifere, Madame de 
Sdvign^ Pellisson, and La Fontaine, dwelUngs much more 
splendid than the King's," a formidable fortified place for 
refuge," an island in America for an asylum,'^ the right 
of sovereignty over many towns,'^"' joined to immense 
riches, the most ardent passions satiated, and the most 
unbridled ambition satisfied : then a thunderbolt over- 
whelming in an instant all this greatness and precipitating 
the daring man into the abyss ! " There is no greater 
sorrow," says Dante, " than to recall when in misery our 

" Versailles was not yet built. 

w Belle-Isle. [Off Quiberon on the Breton coast. — Trans.'] 

1' Tlie island of Santa Lucia, then called Sainte-Alouzie. [One of the 
Caribbee Islands. — Trans.] 

2° By himself or his friends, Fouquet mled over Havre, Calais, 
Amiens, Hesdin, Conearneau, Guingamp, Guirande, Mount Saint- 
Michel, and Croisic. 



FOUQUET AND LOUIS XIV. 199 

time of happiness." ''' But how much greater still, when the 
eyes, at length seeing distinctly, can perceive the impri^dences 
and the faults committed ! Rendered more clear-sighted by 
adversity, Fouquet might remember with bitterness Louis 
XIV.'s generous conduct towards him on his taking' posses- 
sion of power after the death of Mazarin. " I knew," says 
the King in his Mimoires,^^ "that he possessed intelligence, 
and h|d a great knowledge of the home affairs of the State, 
which made me imagine that, provided he would avow his 
past faults and promise amendment, he might render me good 
service." Louis XIV. sincerely desired to continue to em- 
ploy Fouquet. He conferred with him a long time, begged 
that he might be informed of everything, and that nothing 
of the true state of the finances might be concealed from 
him. On these conditions he consented to forget the past, 
and in future to consider only the services rendered by the 
Surintendant entering on a legal and regular course of pro- 
ceeding and foregoing further peculations.^s 

But, like many others at the court, Fouquet had deceived 
himself as to the character of the young King. The latter 
had announced his resolution to govern by himself, to preside 
in person over the Council, to sign everything after having 
seen everything, and to gradually enlighten himself upon the 
administration of his kingdom, with the view of always being 
able to direct it properly." Very few had believed in the 

21 ' ' Nessun maggior dolore, 

Che ricordarsi del tempo felice 
Nella miseria." — Inferno, v. 41. 
22 Mimoires de Lmis XIV. Dreyss's edition, vol. ii. p. 388. 
2' Memoires de Choisy. Michaud and Poujoulat's edition, p. 581. 
2* Mimoires de Louis Henri de Lomlnie, Comte de Brienne, vol. ii. 
pp. 155 o-nd 157 ; Mimoires de Choisy, p. 582. 



20O THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

permanence of this resolution of a young King of two-and- 
twenty, to which, however, he was faithful till his death, and 
even Anne of Austria herself had derided it.^^ Conceiving 
himself master of the King's mind through those who 
surrounded him, and imagining that, thanks to his numerous 
spies, he was acquainted with every one of his plans ; con- 
vinced, moreover, that his master, occupied with his pleasures, 
would be quickly repelled by irksome labour, Fouquet had 
persisted in his criminal conduct, and had remained deaf to 
the warnings of his friends. '" But whilst he daily presented 
Louis XIV. with falsified accounts, in which the expenses 
were increased and the receipts diminished, Colbert, to 
whom they were sent every evening, examined them care- 
fully, indicated the embezzlements, and enlightened the 
King upon the persevering audacity of his Minister. At the 
same time Fouquet continued to fortify his towns, to extend 
his influence, to fabricate loans to the King, to secure 
for himself under other names the farming of several taxes, 
and to appoint his creatures to the most important offices, 
which he secretly bought for them in the hope of soon 
rendering himself the sovereign ruler of the State. ^'' This 
was not all. This individual, who aspired to replace Mazarin, 
to whom he was so inferior, because, unlike him, he was 
not prompted by true national interests, possessed more- 
over only the lofty aims of the ambitious, but neither tact 
nor clear-sightedness. With a keen mind and quick under- 
standing, he very rapidly discerned the surface of things, 
but was wanting in the Cardinal's penetrating sagacity and 

^5 Mimoires de Louis XIV., vol. i. p. 37 ; Mimoires de Choisyy 

p. 582- 

''■'' Mhnoires de Choisy, p. 581. 

" Mhioires de Louis XIV., vol. ii. p. 525. 



HEASONS OF FOUQUET'S IMPRISONMENT. 2oi 

depth of vision, and whilst the latter, with a less vulgar 
ambition, occupied himself much more with the reality than 
with the semblance of power, Fouquet, vain and frivolous, 
could not resist the puerile satisfaction of making a parade 
of his authority and wealth. We are acquainted with the 
scandalous pomp of the fete given in the Chateau of Vaux, 
"that anticipated Versailles," ^8 with its magnificent galleries, 
its splendid gardens, and its shameless luxury. We have 
this example, the most striking perhaps which history affords, 
of a man possessed with that folly which precedes great 
falls, and accelerating by his insolence a catastrophe already 
rendered inevitable by so many other faults. ^9 

There is, indeed, nothing obscure in the causes of this 



2^ M. Sainte-Beuve, Causeries du Lundi^ vol. v. 

^ Fouquet, who had purchased the Vicomte of Melun, replaced the 
old chateau by a magnificent edifice, which has become celebrated from 
the fete given there to Louis XIV. It is the chef-d' teuvre oi the architect 
Le Vau, and astounds one by its grand and noble proportions. The exte- 
rior is profusely covered with sculpture, and the splendour of the interior 
is fully in keeping with that of the outside, the decorations of the principal 
apartments having been entrusted to the most celebrated painters of the 
age. The pleasure-grounds, which cover several hundred acres, were 
planted by Le Notre, and are laid out in straight lines, after the usual 
custom of the seventeenth century. 

The mimoires of the time are filled with accounts of Fouquet's fete 
to Louis XIV., August 17, 1661 ; and La Fontaine has described it 
both in prose and verse. Fouquet's fall had long since been prepared by 
LeTellier and Colbert, and was already resolved upon when Louis XIV. 
went to se^t himself at his table ; but the luxury of this abode and the 
splendour of the reception singularly increased the irritation of the 
monarch, who was well aware that it was paid for out of money of 
which the State had been defrauded. Fouquet was arrested on Sep- 
tember 5, only eighteen days after this fete. 

The chateau of Vaux, which, save the ravages of time, is still in much 
the same state as Fouquet left it, is situated about four miles to the north- 
east of Melun, on the road from Paris to Meaux, — Trans. 



202 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

catastrophe, whatever may have been said respecting it. 
How it came to pass, the circumstances which accompanied 
it, every one of the incidents of a trial which lasted three 
years, the accusations of the prosecution, as well as the 
arguments of the defence, have all been brought to light,'" 
and it is impossible not to feel convinced that Saint-Mars' 
first prisoner was justly punished for acknowledged and 
indisputable faults, and not for the possession of a State 
secret," or for I know not what hidden crime which he 
would have mysteriously expiated by wearing, until his 
death, a velvet mask. It has been pretended, without any 
authentic proof being furnished, that Louis XIV. not only 
discovered in him a powerful and wealthy rival, but that 
the arrest of the Surintendant was simply a piece of revenge 
on the part of the royal lover of La Vallifere.'* Owing to 

8° See Hisloire de Colbert, by M. Pierre Clement, vol. i. ; Mhnoires 
sur Nicolas Fouquet, by M. Cheruel ; La "Police sous Louis XIV., by 
M. P. Clement, pp. 1-61, and the Appendices to vols. viii. and ix. 
of M. Cheruel's edition of the Mhioires de Saint-Simon, vol. viii. p. 447, 
and vol. ix. p. 414. 

81 We shall prove this hereafter. 

82 As M. Cheruel has remarked {Mhnoires sur Nicolas Fouquet, 
vol. ii. p. 173, note 3) the letter which is relied on in order to support 
this allegation is far from authentic. It has been transcribed in the 
Manuscrits Conrart (vol. xi. folio, p. 152), with many other letters 
"which are said to have been found in Fouquet's casket." But we 
know what took place with reference to this famous casket. Greedy 
of scandal, and not finding sufficient in the real letters which were 
published at that time, the courtiers invented a very great number, 
attributing them to ladies of the court, whose names they gave. They 
were collected with care, in the papers of Conrart and Valiant, and 
have thus been handed down to us : (Manuscripts of the Arsenal for the 
Papiers de Conrart and of the Imperial Library for those of Valiant). 

•Such was the publicity given to these letters, that at the commence- 
ment of the trial the Chancellor Seguier thought it his duty to declare 
to the court that they were forgeries : See M. Ch^ruel'.s work already 



LOUIS XIV:s DISSIMULATION WITH FOUQUET. 203 

the steadfast friendship of La Fontaine, and Madame de 
S^vign^, to their persistence in their illusions and to the 
eloquent sincerity of their complaints, Fouquet must always 
have many partisans. ' Even among his contemporaries, the 
touching devotion of his friends, the passionate attacks of 
some of his adversaries, and the length of his trial, induced 
a reaction ; and while at first the indignant populace showed 
their exasperation against him by imprecations and threats,33 
by degrees, as often happens, public opinion changed into 
sympathy for the victim,^* and to regarding his judges as 
persecutors. Lastly, that mysterious legend of the Man 
with the Iron Mask, which some persons wish to make the 
climax of Fouquet's career, commences, according to them, 
from his arrest, and the minute precautions then taken by 
the King at once indicate and explain all those of which the 
famous masked prisoner was later to be the object. 

Louis XIV. was naturally inclined to dissimulation. 
Mazarin not only set him the example of " this cunning and 
necessary virtue," ^^ but advised him to practise it,^^ and 
never, it must be remembered, was this counsel more 

referred to, vol. ii. p. 289, et seq., and M. Feuillet de Conches' Cau- 
series dhtn Ciirieiix, vol. ii. p. 518, et seq. 

ss "Do not fear that, he will escape," said they at Angers to D'Artag- 
nan : "we will strangle him first:" — Journal d^ Olivier cP Ormesson, 
published by M. Cheruel in the Collection des Documents Inidits sur 
PHistoire de France, vol. ii. p. 99. The same hatred manifested itself at 
Tours, whence it was necessary to set out with Fouquet at three o'clock 
in the morning to escape the threats of the people. At Saint-Mande 
and Vincennes it was the same : Ricit Officiel de V Arrestation de Fouquet, 
by the Registrar Joseph Foucault ; — Imperial Library, Manuscripts, 
No. 235-245 of the 500 of Colbert. 

31 Mimbires sur Nicolas Fouquet, vol. ii. p. 386. 

85 So Madame de Motteville terms it in her Mimoires. 

35 Mimoires de Choisy, p. 189. 



204 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Strictly followed than during the few months which preceded 
Fouquet's fall. From the time it was resolved upon, 
Louis XIV., aided by Colbert and Le Tellier, prepared 
in detail and in secret everything that could assure the 
punctual execution of his orders and anticipate the slightest 
difficulty. It cannot be denied that he lulled the Surinten- 
dant into security, and cradled him with deceptive hopes, 
and that with infinite art he never treated him more graciously 
than after he had decided upon his ruin. Fouquet, as Pro- 
cureur-g^ndral to the Parliament, could only be judged by 
that body. His acquittal would thus have been nearly 
certain, since he had a great number of partisans in it. It 
was "therefore essential that he should resign this position ^7 in 
order that he might be brought before a chamber of justice. 
It was Colbert, his ardent enemy, who ventured to give 
him this pernicious advice, and who, with a skill inspired 
by hatred, prevailed on the Surintendant without exciting 
his mistrust. Louis XIV. facilitated Colbert's task by 
hinting to the vain-glorious Fouquet that the collar of the 
order and the dignity of Prime Minister would be irrecon- 
cilable with the functions of Procureur-gdneral.^^ At the 
same time he exhibited towards him an unusual confidence, 
often called him into his presence, followed his advice, and 
overwhelmed his brother, the Bishop of Agde, with favours. 
The grand blow of the arrest was to be struck in Brittany, 
as it was thought that the presence of the King there would 
render resistance on the part of the fortified places in the 



*■' The office was sold in 1661 to M. de Harlay. See on the sub- 
ject of the reports of this sale, Lettres de Guy-Patin, July 12 and 15, 
1661. 

*8 Mlmoires de Brienne, vol. ii. p. 1 78. 



FOUQUET'S ILLIMITABLE POWER. 205 

Surintendant's power more difficult, and the idea of advising 
this journey was suggested to him. The minute precautions 
taken at the time of the arrest ; ^^ those musketeers 
assembled under the pretext of a royal hunt and placed 
at the disposal of D'Artagnan ; the troops occupying the 
roads and allowing no one but the royal couriers to pass ; 
those long private interviews of Louis XIV., first with 
Le Tellier and then with D'Artagnan ; 4° the most improbable 
obstacles foreseen and the care taken to leave nothing to 
chance : all this ofifers, it is true, the singular spectacle of an 
absolute monarch conspiring the fall of one of his subjects. 
But how can one be astonished at it when this subject is 
Fouquet, alone able to dispose of immense wealth in the 
midst of general distress, and counting devoted pensioners 
even amongst th"e officers surrounding the King ? How can 
one be astonished, moreover, when Louis XIV. could not even 
place confidence in the captain of his guards ? " when we 
know that Fouquet could do as he pleased with the Mediter- 
ranean fleets through the Marquis de Cre'qui, general of the 
galleys,*^ and with those of the Ocean through the Admiral 
de Neuchfe.se,*^ when Brittany had in some degree become 
his kingdom,** and most of the places in the North had his 

89 Order of arrest given to D'Artagnan, with the memorandum 
published by Ravaisson in his Archives de la Bastille, vol. i. p. 347-35' '■ 
Letters of the Marquis de Coislin to the Chancellor Seguier, Sep- 
tember S, 1661 -.—Ibid. p. 351-355. 

*o Procis-verbal of the Registrar Foucault, already referred to ; 
Mimoires de Brienne ; Mimoires de VAbhi de Choisy. 

*i The Marquis de Gesvres, whom Louis XIV. did not dare to 
entrust with the mission of arresting Fouquet. 

^2 Dlfenses de Fouquet, vol. iii. p. 357. Edition of 1665. 

^8 Mhnoires sur Nicolas Fouquet, vol. i. p. 398. 

<''' This is the title which Fouquet's friends gave to this province. 



205 THE MAN WITH THE IRON- MASK. 

creatures for commandants ? How can one be astonished, 
above all things, after having read the famous plan of resist- 
ance found among the Saint-Mandd papers,*^ a veritable 
plan of a civil war long meditated, written entirely by 
Fouquet, and one in which he braves and defies the 
authority of his sovereign ? The parts to be played in the 
revolt are distributed among his friends ; the chiefs are 
designated; the places of refuge indicated. -Fouquet makes 
known what arms are to be employed, what hostages it will 
be necessary to secure ; all the means of agitation are 
advised. Through his two brothers, the coadjutor of 
Narbonne and the bishop of Agde, the clergy are to be 
stirred up. By means of certain meinbers of the Parliament, 
disturbances are to be excited in Paris, and the war of 
pamphlets kindled anew. By means of the Governors, the 
public treasures are to be seized, and the garrisons are to be 
sent forth on to the highways. Lastly, supreme treason, 
foreign help is not to be lost sight of, and Lorraine, as well 
as Spain, is to ,be summoned to enter France.*^ 

So much audacity and such an exaggerated pride suffi- 
ciently explain the dissimulation and the minute solicitude 
of Louis XIV., without one's seeking the cause elsewhere. 
But if he matured this couf-iTetat in secret, and accom- 

*5 Manuscripts of the Imperial Library (500 de Colbert, No. 235, 
fo. 86 et seq.) This plan has been published by M. P. Clement 
almost entire in vol. i. p. 41', et seq., of his Histoire de Colbert, 
and entire by him in the introduction of vol. ii. of the Lettres de Colbert, 
and in his Police sous Louis XIV., p. 33, et seq. M. Cheruel has also 
reproduced it entire in Appendix No. vi. of vol. i. of his Mhnoires siir 
Nicolas Fouquet, pp. 488-501. This plan is incontestably authentic, 
and Fouquet has never denied having written it. 

*s All these facts are in great part proved by the plan, and by other 
papers found at Saint-Mande, which are now in the Imperial Library. 



NOTHING OBSCURE ABOUT HIS CRIME. 207 

plished it with a prudence, without which he would 
have certainly failed, none of the crimes which rendered it 
necessary were hidden from contemporaries. The prepara- 
tions for the arrest were alone mysterious. During the 
three following years, every one of the documents relating 
to the trial was presented to the judges, communicated to 
Fouquet,*'' and was the subject of long discussions. From this 
there resulted the proof of his skill in argument, but not at 
all of his innocence. On account of his extortions and of 
his plan of revolt, he had, according to the laws and customs 
of the time, deserved death. The majority of his judges 
condemned him to banishment, a punishment rightly con- 
sidered too lenient by Louis XIV., who changed it into 
perpetual imprisonment. But long before his condemnation 
the numerous mkmoires which the accused composed in 
order to defend himself had been secretly printed by his 
friends,*^ and circulated among the people. There had thus 
been nothing ignored or left in obscurity. There is nothing 
imaginary or h}'pothetical in the account of what preceded 
and brought about Fouquet's imprisonment. It is essen- 
tial to establish this first of all. Let us now see if, during 
his stay at Pignerol, any event occurred which, sixteen years 
after his condemnation, could all at once have determined 
Louis XIV. to simulate Fouquet's death, and to make of a 
captive, long since inoffensive and forgotten, that mysterious 
and nameless prisoner who is to come from the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite to die obscurely in the Bastille. 

*7 Mimoires sur Nicolas Eoiiquet, pp. 367 to 386. 
^8 Histoires de la Detention des Philosophes et dss Gens de Lettres, by 
Delort, vol. i. p. 21. 



2o8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XVI. 

Remark of Fouquet's Mother— The Prisoner's Piety— Danger which he 
escapes at Pignerol — Incessant Supervision over him at La Perouse, 
near Pignerol— Excessive Scruples of Saint-Mars- Precautions 
prescribed by Louvois — Espionage exercised over Fouquet by his 
Servants and his Confessor — Illnesses of the Prisoner — He devotes 
himself entirely to Study and to religious Meditations — Works to 
v?hich he gives himself up — His new Motto — Interest which he 
continues to take in all his Relations and in Louis XIV. — Saint- 
Mars' laconic Answers. 

The fortitude with which Fouquet supported adversity 
has almost caused his contemporaries to forget how he 
had allowed himself to be blinded and led astray by pros- 
perity. Without exhibiting this excessive indulgence, with- 
out going so far as to take the part of the victim against 
his judges, or to forget his errors and his faults, one cannot 
prevent oneself from owning that at Pignerol he nobly 
expiated them by his unceasing resignation, by his firmness 
and by the elevation of his sentiments. 

When Fouquet's mother heard of his arrest, she threw 
herself upon her knees, exclaiming : " It is now, O God, 
that I have hopes of my son's salvation ! " i This prayer 
of a pious woman whom the grandeur of the Surintendant 

I Memoir es di Choisy, p. 590. 



FOUQUET'S NARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH. 209 

had never dazzled, and whom his dissipation had caused to 
mourn, was fully answered. If so unhappy as to survive 
her son and to be ignorant of none of his sufferings, her 
sorrow may at least have been softened by the thought that 
the prisoner of Pignerol sought consolation in religion and 
study. During the early period of his imprisonment at 
Angers, depressed by misfortune, but sustained by the 
remembrance of the counsels and the virtues of his mother, 
he had, in a touching letter imbued with the most pious ^ 
sentiments, requested a confessor. A terrible danger en- 
countered by him at Pignerol six months after his arrival, 
and which he escaped as if by a miracle, went to confirm 
him more completely in these sentiments. In the middle 
of the month of June, 1665, a thunderbolt fell upon the 
donjon of the citadel and set fire to the powder-magazine. 
A portion of the donjon was blown down, and a large 
number of soldiers were entombed beneath the ruins. 
Fouquet's chamber was reached by the explosion. Some 
of the walls fell and the furniture was shattered to pieces. 
Saint-Mars thought that his prisoner was killed. But he 
was found in the embrasure of a projecting window, and 
had not even received a bruise.^ As the repairs in the 

, ^ M. Feuillet de Conches, Causeries (Fun Curimx, vol. ii. p. 529. 
"M. d'Artagnan told me," says Olivier d'Ormesson in his Journal, 
"that M. Fouquet, during the first three weeks, was very unquiet and 
amazed, but that his mind grew calmer, and that he became very self- 
possessed afterwards, giving himself up largely to devotion ; that he 
fasted every week on Wednesday and Friday, and besides this, lived 
on Saturday on bread and water ; that he rose before seven o'clock, 
said his prayers, and after that worked till nine o'clock ; that he subse- 
quently heard mass. " — Journal iV Olivier <r Ormesson, vol. ii. p. 52. 

3 Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, June 29, 1665, and from 
Colbert to the same, on the same day. People at Paris as well as at 

14 



210 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

donjon necessitated by this disaster could not be completed 
in less than a year, Fouquet, by orders of Louis XIV. 
and Louvois,* was transferred for a time to the neigh- 
bouring chiteau of La P^rouse. 

Here commenced the attempts made by the prisoner, 
not so much to escape — ^he could not be mistaken as to the 
impossibility of succeeding in this— as to write to his mother 
and his wife, and to obtain from them letters expected 
in vain since his departure from Paris. " I have received 
the letters written by M. Fouquet," Louvois informs Saint- 
Mars, July 26. "The King has seen the whole, and was 
not surprised that he should do his utmost to obtain news, 
and that you exert all your efforts to prevent his receiving 
it." ^ " To give and receive news : " such, indeed, was 
Fouquet's most lively and very natural desire. In order to 
satisfy it, he made the most industrious efforts and showed 
the most ingenious patience. With soot mixed with a few 
drops of water he made ink, a fowl's bone served him for a 
pen, and he wrote upon a handkerchief, which he afterwards 
concealed in the back of his chair. ^ He managed even to 
compound an ink, which he employed to cover the margin 



Pignerol did not fail to say tliat heaven liad judged him innocent whom 
men had condemned. See Lettres de Madatiie de Shiigne ct de Guy 
Patin ; yournal d' Olivier d'Ormesson, vol. ii. p. 372; CEuvrcs de 
Fouquet, vol. xvi. 

< Order of Louis XIV., countersigned by Le Tellier, and dated from 
Saint-Germain, June 29, 1665. It was Saint-Mars who, with his free 
company as escort, took Fouquet to I,a Perouse, and continued to guai'd 
him there till the month of August, 1666, at which period he brought 
him back to Pignerol. 

^ Delort, Histoire de la DHention des Philosophes, vol. i. p. 103. 

" Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, July 26 and December 18, 
1665. 



VIGILANCE OF SAINT-MARS. 211 

of a book with some lines of writing that became visible 
only after being warmed.'^ But Saint-Mars' ^ vigilance 
frustrated these attempts. He soon discovered the hidden 
handkerchief, and not content with sending this alone to the 
King, also forwarded the clumsy implements fabricated and 

' Louvois inquired in vain as to tlje manner in which Fouquet had 
been able to compound this sympathetic ink. " It is necessary, " he 
wrote to Saint-Mars on July 26, 1665, "that you should endeavour to 
find out from Monsieur de Fouquet's servant how [his master] has 
written the four lines which appeared upon the book on warming it, and 
of what he has composed this writing. " , 

* The following is one of the first letters written from Pignerol by 
Saint-Mars. It is one of the rare letters addressed to Colbert. Saint- 
Mars made some progress in orthography after this, and the later 
despatches which we have of his show a rather less imperfect knowledge 
of the French language : — 

"At Pignerol, this 13 February, 1665. 
■" MONSEIGNEUR — I have nothing fresh to tell you ; everything is 
going on all right, in my humble opinion. I had been assured that 
there was a man of M. Fouquet's here in the town. I had him sought 
for by the major, he has not been found ; he has not shown himself 
before the prisoner's windows, and I have taken care to say everywhere 
that I would not advise him to appear before the donjon, and that [if 
he did] it would not be a case of live and let live. I believe that this 
has frightened him. I thank you very humbly, Monseigneur, for the 
care and kindness that you have for me. I have received, by the last 
post, an account for the subsistence here for the present month which 
I am about to draw. My company arrived here on the 9th, and has 
already mounted guard. There is so much work to do here for the 
safety of a prisoner that I shall not be altogether settled for three weeks. 
M. Fouquet wishes to confess every month. I have given him a con- 
fessor who is of the household of one M. d'Amorclan, a man alto- 
gether devoted to Mgr. le Tiller. For myself, I should approve of 
him ; but as I have received orders to change him continually, I shall 
not allow him to confess until I receive your commands. I shall 
always await them with impatience, having no stronger desire than 
to please you, and to call myself all my life, Monseigneur, your 
very humble," &c.— Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, Volumes in 
Green, C. 



212 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

used by his prisoner.9 The latter having afterwards written 
upon ribbons, black ones only were in future given him, 
and his garments were, moreover, lined with stuff of the 
same colour. From this period he became the object of 
a still closer surveillance, the proof of which we find in 
the numerous letters exchanged between Louvois and 
Saint-Mars. Like all timorous people, Saint-Mars was 
absolutely wanting in the spirit of initiation, and took 
delight in having recourse to his chief. He possessed 
no ambitious desire of exhibiting his zeal, but only an 
imperious need of dissipating his alarms and of relieving 
himself from responsibility. It did not suffice this timid 
gaoler to adopt the most minute precautions with respect 
to his prisoner. He recounted them in his correspondence 
with the Minister, with the view of obtaining fresh orders, 
or of receiving an approval which might calm his uneasiness. 
It was in this spirit that he begged Louvois to authorise 
him to have a salt-cellar made for Fouquet out of his two 
broken candlesticks.'" It was in this spirit also that after 
having prevented his prisoner's servant from giving an alms, 
considering it suspicious, he consulted the Minister on the 
subject, and solicited his advice." 

These excessive scruples sometimes caused him to be 
wanting in humanity. He one day considered it necessary 
to ask Louvois for an authorisation to have a sick prisoner 
bled, and the Minister, on according it twenty days after- 
wards, added : " Whenever such circumstances occur, you 
can have [the prisoner] treated and doctored as may 

" Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, August 24, 1665. 
i» Ibid., August 2, 1665. 
11 Ibid., March 26, 1669. 



LOUVOIS AS SUSPICIOUS AS SAINT-MARS. 213 

be needful without awaiting orders for it." 1- The puerile 
questions and the demands for fresh instructions became 
so frequent, that the Minister was compelled to write to 
Saint-Mars : " I have received your two last letters. They 
oblige me to tell you that, as the King has charged you . 
with the care of Mons. Fouquet, his Majesty has no new 
orders to give you to prevent his escape, or his sending or 
receiving letters." " This outburst is so much the more 
significant as Louvois, very prone and qualified to enter into 
the slightest details, and an imperious and most exacting 
chief, accustomed all his subordinates to extreme deference, 
and to having incessant recourse to his authority. But in 
this case the Minister's prejudices were outstripped, and 
Saint-Mars alone perhaps had the power to wear out by his 
pertinacity him who on ordinary occasions was most desirous 
of being consulted. Moreover, we must admit, it was the 
only instance in which the Minister manifested his displea- 
sure. He habitually replied with care to every detail com- 
prised in the letters from the commandant of Pignerol, and 
he sometimes even rivalled him in his want of confidence. 
Thus it was that in December, 1670, Fouquet, who was ill, 
having obtained authority to have a prescription drawn up 
by Pecquet, his former medical attendant, Louvois sent it 
to Saint-Mars with these words : " As soon as you have 
received it, you will make a very exact copy. You 
will show the original to M. Fouquet, and you and he 
will compare it with the copy which you will leave with 
him. You will then burn the original. By this means 
the said Sieur Fouquet having seen it will have no doubt, 

12 Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, September 25, 1669. 
M Ibid., December 25, 1665. 



214 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

and you having burnt it will have no anxiety about it." i* 
On another occasion, when sending a chest of tea for 
Fouquet, Louvois prescribed to Saint-Mars : " To empty it 
into another receptacle, and to take away the chest, and the 
paper which may be within the chest, so as to leave to 
M. Fouquet the said tea only." " Never were orders more 
agreeable or more faithfully executed. These precautions 
of Louvois encouraged Saint-Mars' distrust, who thus found 
himself supported in his conduct by that authority, most 
persuasive when it emanates from one above us in station, 
namely, example. 

Thus stimulated in suspicions to which he naturally 
inclined, Saint-Mars was not slow to conceive that his 
means of surveillance were insufficient. To see one's 
prisoner often, to assure oneself with one's own eyes that 
he communicates with nobody, to examine with care his 
furniture and effects, to, multiply the difficulties of an escape, 
seem to constitute all the duties of a conscientious and 
vigilant gaoler. But the suspicious Saint-Mars was in no- 
wise satisfied with these precautions. Forgetting that the 
prisoner's body alone was under his care, he wished to 
extend his surveillance even to Fouquet's thoughts. To 
attain this end he had recourse both to his confessor and 
to the servant who waited upon him. Having, however, 
soon discerned the interest which the unfortunate prisoner 
inspired in his servant, Saint-Mars felt that he could not 
rely upon the sincerity of his reports, and he attached to 
the person of Fouquet a second valet, who was instructed 
to watch the first, and was himself the object of a secret 

'* Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, December 13, 1670. 
w Ibid., November 27, 1677. 



FOUQUET'S CONFESSOR. 215 

surveillance on the part of the latterJ^ As for the confessor, 
to control him was impossible, and in fact would have been 
unnecessary. We read in the correspondence of Louvois and 
Saint-Mars that " he was a good man," "" which is another 
proof how differently the conduct of men may be appre- 
ciated. In the eyes of Louvois and of Saint-Mars Fouquet's 
confessor was a good man, because he consented to act as a 
spy J because, as Fouquet wrote later to his wife, "instead 
of having God in view, he acted the cowardly part of making 
his fortune at the expense of one in trouble.'' He succeeded ; 
for Saint-Mars obtained a promise from Louvois "that he 
should receive a living when he should cease to fulfil 
his office" ^8 The first instructions given to 'Saint-Mars 
authorised him to change the priest each time that Fouquet 
desired to confess. But when they had discovered this 
" good mais," they abandoned henceforth this useless pre- 
caution, and Fouquet in vain requested to be allowed to 
make a general confession to the Superior of the Jesuits, 
then to the Superiors of the RdcoUets and Capucines of 
Pignerol.^9 

These proceedings, and the non-success of an attempt 
made in 1669 by an old servant of Fouquet'.s,-" who 

'^ Letter from LduvoIs to Saint-Mars, February 14, 1667. 

" Ibid., Febnia-y 24, 1665. See also letters of February 20 and 
April 24, 1665. 

'* Letter of Ap:il 17, 1670. Moreover, the King from time to 
time granted him g-atuities. See among others, in Delort, a letter of 
June 4, 1666. 

'^ Letter from Lravois to Saint- Mars, October i, 1668. 

20 Named Laforst. Five soldiers received money and were severely 
punished. Laforestwas arrested, condemned to death, and executed 
on the spot. Despjtches from. Louvois to Saint-Mars, December 17, 
1669, and January i, 1670. 



2l6 



THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



endeavoured, by corrupting some soldiers, to place himself m 
communication with his master, induced the latter to give 
himself up entirely to study and religious meditations. He 
renounced the project of communicating with his relations 
and friends. The salvation of his soul and the care of 
his body alone occupied his thoughts. Deprived long since 
of all physical exercise, and having suddenly exchanged an 
existence, excited by travel, and adorned by everything that 
could make life attractive and sweet, for the solitude and 
inactivity of a prison, Fouquet had seen his healrh rapidly 
decay, and innumerable disorders seize on him.'" " There 
is not a disease to which the body is liable," he wrote to his 
wife, " of which mine has not experienced some pymptom. 
I am no sooner quit of one than it is succeeded by another, 
and I can but suppose that these will only cease with my 
life. I should require a large volume to describe my suffer- 
ings in detail, but the principal one is that my scomach does 
not act in concert with my liver ; what suits oie is injurious 
to the other, and, what is more, my legs are always swollen." 
.... "The best thing to be done," he says afterwards, "is 
to give up all care of the body, and to thins of one's soul. 
This is important to us, and yet we show more concern 
for the body." In truth, he gave as much attention to one 
as to the other. Distrustful of the surgeon bf the citadel, he 
compounded himself the remedies which suiled him best ; and 
in order, no doubt, that he might avail him elf of his servant 
as an auxiliary, he instructed him in the ai of dispensing.^' 



*i Letters of Louvois to Saint- Mars, Novembei2i, 1667, October 9, 
1668, January 2, 1670, April IJ, 1675, and July ;, 1677. 

22 Delort, Histoire de la Detention des Philosop es, vol. i. p. 33. 



FOUQUET DEVOTES HIMSELF TO STUDY. 217 

The first books which Saint-Mars consented to give him 
after having received authority to do so, were the Bible 
and a history of France. Later, the works of Clavius and 
St. Bonaventura were added ; and then, by desire of the 
prisoner, a dictionary of rhymes. ^^ Poetry to him was 
nothing more than a relaxation, and he devoted himself 
above all to reading religious works and to the production 
of several lengthy treatises on morals. The remembrance of 
his former grandeur clashed in them with the impressions 
of his profound fall. The Christian preoccupied with his 
salvation, the philosopher enlightened by adversity, the 
recluse giving himself up to the contemplation of divine 
things, hold in their turn a language of sublime and 
unchangeable serenity. One finds in almost every page 
proof of this resignation in disgrace, and of this contentment 
in affliction which Christianity can alone inspire. He whose 
haughty motto, for a long time justified by events, had been 
Quo non ascendam, now humbly submissive to his lot, 
adopted the touching emblem of the silkworm in his cocoon 
with these words : Inclusum labor illustrat ! 

However, Fouquet was not so detached from things 
terrestrial as not to interest himself in them at all. His 
mother, wife and several children, being still alive, his 
thoughts often turned towards these dearly beloved beings, 
and also, but without bitterness, towards Louis XIV. and 
his conquests, towards the Court and the Ministers. He 
often questioned Saint-Mars. The latter's replies were brief, 
and so unprecise that he considered himself obliged to write 



28 Despatches from Louvois to Saint-Mars, March 3, September I2, 
1665, October 23, 1666, and April 8, 1678. 



2i8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to Louvois and inquire in what sense he ought to answer. =* 
Entirely master of his prisoner, sure of those who surrounded 
him, he believed that the barrier which he had erected 
around him was insuperable, and thought that he would be 
able to keep him apprised of contemporary events as he 
pleased, or else leave him in the most complete ignorance. 
Useless efforts and vain confidence in his power ! The 
enterprising audacity and industrious perseverance of a 
prisoner recently brought to Pignerol, triumphed over even 
the innumerable precautions of the most suspicious of 
gaolers. 

2* Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, November 22, 1667 and 
March 1, 1673. " There is no great inconvenience," writes Louvois to 
Saint-Mars, "inM. Fouquet's knowing that the King has made war 
on the Dutch. So do not persuade yourself that you have been defi- 
cient in any way in giving him a book which has apprised him of 
this." — Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, July 2, 1673. "I have 
received your letter of the i6th of this month, which requires no answer 
except to say that the King approves your informing M. Fouquet 
of the current news, according as his Majesty has already permitted 
you." — Letter of April 25, 1678. 



( 219 ) 



CHAPTER XVII. 

Sudden and singular Arrival of Lauzun in Fouquet's Room — The latter 
had known him formerly under the Name of the Marquis de Puy- 
guUhem^Lauzun enumerates his Dignities and calls himself the 
King's Cousin— Fouquet believes his Visitor mad — Portrait of 
Lauzun — His Adventures — His AiTival at Pignerol — He continues 
his Visits to Fouquet — The Stories he tells him — Noble Conduct 
of Louis XIV. towards Lauzun— Audacious Method employed by the 
latter to overhear a Conversation between Louis XIV. and Madame 
de Montespan — Difference between the Conduct of Lauzun and 
that of Fouquet — Lauzun's • Outbursts against Saint- Mars — Per- 
plexity of the latter — Singular Mode of Surveillance to which he 
has recourse — Progressive amelioration of the Lot of the two 
Prisoners — They receive Permission to see each other — Anival 
of Fouquet's Daughter at Pignerol — Misunderstanding between 
Fouquet and Lauzun — Cause of this Misunderstanding. 

One day in the early part of the year 1672, Fouquet hears 
one of the articles of furniture in his room suddenly 
thrown dovm, and perceives a man of short stature and 
slender figure creep through a narrow opening and advance 
smiling towards him. He is dressed in the full uniform 
of Captain of the King's Guard — blue, with red facings. 
Nothing except the sword is wanting in this costume, the 
rich embroideries and brilliant insignia of which offer a 
singular contrast to the place where it is worn. The atti- 
tude of the new comer is haughty, and his air almost 
patronizing. Fouquet hesitates to recognize in him a poor 



220 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Gascon cadet, the Marquis of Puyguilhem, without fortune 
or position, who had sometimes come to him in the days of 
his power to borrow a little money,^ and who, extremely 
fortunate in having been received into the house of the 
Marshal de Grammont, his relative, had cut a very sad 
figure at court at the time of Fouquet's arrest. What, there- 
fore, was the astonishment of the latter when his strange 
visitor, questioned as to the causes of his detention at 
Pignerol, replies that they have been set forth by the King 
in a letter addressed to all the French ambassadors abroad.' 
Fouquet's stupefaction is redoubled when he learns that this 
costume is not a masquerade, and that the man whom he 
had left in the lowest rank at Versailles is really Captain of 
the Guard, and in addition Governor of Berri and Colonel 
General of Dragoons, and that a brevet rank of General has 
been conferred upon him. But when his visitor, continuing 
his confidences,^ enumerates his titles, and proclaims him- 
self Count de Lauzun, Duke de Montpensier, Dauphin of 
Auvergne, Sovereign of Dombes, Count d'Eu and de Mor- 
taing, and, finally, husband of the Grande Mademoiselle and 
cousin-german of Louis XIV., Fouquet ceases to feel sur- 
prised. Everything is explained ; the speaker is mad ; the 
tortures of a prolonged confinement have unsettled his mind, 



^ Mimoires de Brienne, vol. ii. pp. 19S-197. MSmoires mr Nicolas 
Fouquet, vol. ii. p. 237. 

2 In this letter Louis XIV. thought it right to explain why, after 
having authorised the marriage of Lauzun with Mademoiselle, he had 
withdrawn his word. The letter is dated December 19, 1670. It is 
amongst the Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section France, 
vol. cxcii. p. 150. — See Madame de Montespan et Louis XIV., by 
M. P. Clement, p. 32. 

' Mimoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xiii. p. 73. 



CHARACTER OF LAUZUN. 22 1 

and led him to take all these fancies for real. Every one 
would have thought as Fouquet did, and this supposition 
was certainly the most probable one. 

Indeed, Lauzun, of whom La Bruyfere has said, " that 
it is not permitted to dream as he lived," * encountered, in 
his existence of ninety-one years, such diversities of fortune, 
such striking contrasts, such unheard-of revolutions, that 
there are few heroes of the imagination to whom one would 
have dared to ascribe similar adventures. Nothing is more 
singular than the destiny of this Gascon cadet, reduced at 
first to beg from the Surintendant, and then raised by 
Louis XIV. to the highest dignities ; suddenly shut up in 
the Bastille and succeeding in issuing from it and marrying 
the legitimate granddaughter of Henri IV. ; afterwards 
commanding an army, and next a prisoner for ten years at 
Pignerol ; receiving his pardon, but refusing it ; imprisoned 
for the third time, then exiled, banished apparently for 
ever from the presence of the King, whom he had coarsely 
insulted, and nevertheless succeeding "in finding his way 
back to Versailles, by passing through London," ^ and there 
making a friend of James II. ; fortune's favourite and victim 
by turns, without ever- being enlightened by its rebuffs, or 
satisfied by its favours ! To obtain these he did not hesitate 
at any baseness,^ and the extreme audacity which he some- 
times gave proof of was all calculated. He had a certain 
boldness of mind, but not of heart, for he was naturally 

^ La Bruyere's Caractires, chapter De la Cour, Lauzun is desig- 
nated in it by tlie name of Straton. 

* Madame de Sevigne. 

s M. P. Clement has given with respect to this a very characteristic 
letter from Lauzun to Colbert. See Madame de Montespan tt Louis XIV. , 
p. 30, note I. 



222 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

mean. Nothing, unless it be the servile humility of his 
beginning, equalled the insolence with which he avenged 
himself for his early abasement. Addicted to cruel raillery, 
prompt in witticisms,'' he excelled in laying bare and 
flagellating the absurdities to which he piqued himself on 
being superior. " He is the most insolent little man," says 
La Fare, " that has been seen for a century." » Devoid of 
dignity and endowed with prodigious pliability, he did not 
hesitate to stoop to the lowest parts, and succeeded in 
affecting the qualities in which he was most deficient. But 
when, having gained his end, he threw aside the mask, and 
became simply himself again, he inspired contempt. Of all 
the women seduced by his jargon of gallantry and very 
deceitful appearances, he did not attach himself to one, and 
the cousin of Louis XIV., over whom he at first exercised 
so great a sway, died filled with hatred towards him, and 
ashamed of such an unworthy husband. 9 

But, whilst Lauzun was at Pignerol, the illusions of this 
princess had not yet been dissipated, and her love, increased 

' He had given some very witty answers — that, amongst others, made 
to the Regent, whom he had asked for an abbey for liis nephew, the 
famous De Belsunce, bishop of Marseilles. It was some time after the 
plague, during which the prelate had behaved like a hero. Despite the 
promise made to Lauzun, the Regent forgot to include his relation in 
the distribution of benefices, and when Lauzun questioned him on the 
subject, remained silent and confused. Lauzun, with a great appear- 
ance of respect, said, "Monsieur, he will do better another time." 

8 Saint-Simon, whose brother-in-law Lauzun had the good fortune 
to become towards the end of his Hfe, by marrying at sixty-two years of 
age the daughter, aged sixteen, of the Marshal de Lorges, is more 
indulgent for his relation, whose meanness, however, he does not try to 
hide. 

" Letter of Bussy-Rabutin, vol. viii. p. 265. of Monmerque's edition 
of the Lettres de Madame de Shiigni ; Mhnoires de Saint -Simon, 
vol. xiii. p. 83. 



LAUZUN'S BEHAVIOUR AT PIGNEROL. 223 

by separation, manifested itself in loud complaints, in 
violent scenes, and in attempts to deliver him. Several 
times she sent agents to Pignerol, who were to try to enter 
into communication with Lauzun. But they failed in their 
enterprise, and were driven from the town and forbidden to 
re-enter it again. i" On his side, Lauzun, always and every- 
where destined to adventures, did not remain inactive. He 
thought he might be able to escape amidst the disorder and 
trouble of a fire, and with this intention set light to the 
flooring of his room. The fire, soon perceived, was, how- 
ever, at once extinguished. Incapable of resigning himself 
to his lot, and of seeking some consolation in study, 
Lauzun, breaking his furniture, gave way to all kinds of 
outbursts and violence, but without succeeding in moving 
Saint-Mars. Coldly impassible, the latter was equally 
insensible to the threats of vengeance and to the insults 
of his prisoner. It was then that, impelled by curiosity, 
the latter began, this time with patience and without attract- 
ing the attention of his gaoler, to make in the wall " a hole 
whieh should put him into] communication with the room 
situated above his own. We have seen that he succeeded 
in this, and how he was received by Fouquet. 

By the same route, and thanks to some precautions, the 
visits of Lauzun were repeated. But, in continuing his 
confidences, he only confirmed the idea of his madness. 

It is thus that Fouquet, without putting faith in him, 
heard him relate how to all the high offices he had obtained 

1" Memoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xiii. p. 74. — Letters froift Louvois 
to Saint-Mars, October 14, November 15 and 22, 1672, March 16, and 
November 23, 1676. 

11 Saint-Mars only discovered the hole in the wall after the death of 
Fouquet : — Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mai's, April 8, 1680. 



224 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

he had almost added one still more elevated, that of Grand 
Master of the Artillery, and in what manner he had avenged 
his insuccess. The King had promised him the appoint- 
ment, and, vain as thoughtless, Lauzun had hastened to 
announce it, despite the secrecy agreed upon between them. 
Louvois, soon informed of the projects of Louis XIV., suc- 
ceeded in diverting him from them by representing to him 
the disadvantages of such a choice. After several days of 
vain expectation, the favourite, accustomed to please, and 
hoping to be able to intimidate, watched for and seized 
upon a tete-d^tete with the King. He dared to call upon him 
to keep his promise, and Louis XIV. having replied that 
he was released from it by the indiscretion Lauzun had 
committed, the latter drew his sword, snapt it in pieces, 
and exclaimed that he would no longer serve a prince thus 
capable of breaking his promises. Pale with anger the 
King raised his cane, but, suddenly mastering himself, he 
threw it out of the window, saying, " that he should be very 
sorry to have struck a gentleman." " The next day Lauzun 
was taken to the Bastille. • 

Fouquet learned from him, without believing it any the 
more, a still more audacious adventure. Lauzun had soon 
left the Bastille, and had recovered the King's favour. 
Beloved by Mademoiselle, he obtained permission to marry 
her; but vanity again ruined him. Instead of hastening 
such an unhoped-for union, he wishes to wait, in order 
that sumptuous liveries may be made and that the marriage 
may be solemnly celebrated in the royal chapel, in presence 
of the whole court, " and as between crowned heads." " He 

I'' Mimoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xiii. p. 70. 
18 Souvenirs de Madame de Caylus. 



MADAME DE MONTESPAN'S DECEIT EXPOSED. 225 

thus leaves the princes and Madame de Montespan time 
to act, and Louis XIV., yielding to their representations, 
withdraws the consent at first accorded. Lauzun, who 
with reason distrusted Madame de Montespan, despite the 
assurances of friendship she did not cease to give him, 
dared, in order to ascertain the truth, to conceive a most 
dangerous project 1* Taking for his accomplice the waiting- 
woman of the powerful favourite, he slipped under the bed 
a little before the King's arrival, and, a witness of their inter- 
view, he was able to convince himself that Madame de 
Montespan was the inveterate enemy to whose advice 
Louis XIV. had yielded. " A cough," says Saint Simon, 
" the least sound, the slightest accident, might have dis- 
covered this rash being, and then what would have become 
of him ? These are things the relation of which stifles and 
terrifies one at the same time." '' Fortunately, Lauzun was 
able to remain motionless. Meeting Madame de Montespan 
at the ballet, an hour after the interview, he asked her in an 
agreeable manner whether she had deigned to serve his cause 
with the King. She replied that, far from having failed to do 
so, she had taken pleasure, as ever, in extolling his services. 
Lauzun let her speak at length ; then, suddenly, placing 
his mouth to her ear, he repeated to her, word for word, the 
conversation which she had just had with the King, and 
wound up by calling her "liar, hussy, and jade." Madame 
de Montespan succeeded in mastering her confusion, but 
she never forgot this scene, and a year after, uniting with 



^* Racine, Fragments Historiques. Memoires de Saint-Simon, 
vol. xiii. p. 69. 

" Mimoires de Saint- Simon, Ibid, 

IS' 



226 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

LouvoiSjis she had brought about the fall of the favourite and 
his despatch to Pignerol. 

Fouquet listened to the narrative of these adventures, 
which were only too real, as one reads an improbable 
romance. It was only much later that he was convinced 
by his relations and friends of the veracity of his companion 
in captivity. But during several years, not doubting his mad- 
ness, he resigned himself to listen to him out of courtesy, 
not seeking occasions to see him, but carefully avoiding to 
contradict him ; behaving, in short, toward him as one does 
towards an unfortunate being afflicted with a mild and 
harmless but obstinate mania, i'' 

These two victims of fortune, reunited at Pignerol 
through such opposite causes, and of whom one was not 
to leave the place alive, whilst the other was to quit his 
prison to be again the hero of singular adventures, supported 
their captivity in a very different manner. " M. Fouquet 
only thinks of praying to God," writes Saint-Mars, on 
June 20, 1672 ; "he is as patient and moderate as my other 
prisoner is furious." '^ The outbursts of Lauzun had for 
their cause not only the failure of his attempts at escape,'^ 
but also the very arbitrary conduct of Louis XIV., inspired 
by I>ouvois. The ex-favourite cruelly expiated the favours 
of which he had been the object. Not satisfied with de- 
priving him of his liberty,- they tried in addition to wrest 

^8 Mhnoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xiii. p. 72. Segrais, a contem- 
porary, adds Madame de Maintenon to these two undoubted authors of 
the second disgrace of Lauzun. (Segrais, Mhnoires et Anecdotes.) 

" MSmoires sur Nicolas Fouqitet, vol. ii. p. 450. 

" Unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to Louvois, June 20, 1672 : — 
Archives of Ministry of War, vol. ccxcix. fol. 48. 

'° Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, June 16, 1676. 



LAUZUN BECOMES RESIGNED TO HIS LOT. 227 

from him the offices and the immense possessions that an 
excessive generosity had heaped upon his head, but of 
which he ought not to have been despoiled by means of 
the pressure easily put upon a captive. Captain of the 
Body-guard, he received from Seignelay the invitation to 
resign this post. "° Endowed by Mademoiselle with the 
county of Eu, the duchy of Aumale, the principality of 
Dombes, and the estate of Thiers, he only recovered his 
liberty on condition of renouncing all his possessions in 
favour of the Duke de Maine, natural son of Louis XIV. 
and Madame de Montespan. At first he angrily repulsed 
the proposition of Seignelay, and loaded with insults Louvois, 
whose influence he recognized, and Saint-Mars, the inter- 
preter of Seignelay's * orders. 21 Little by little, however, 
calmness returned to this spirit, till then so agitated and 
unquiet. Lauzun understood with reason that everything 
ought to be sacrificed for liberty, and he hoped one day to 
be able to return to that culminating point of fortune from 
which his inconsiderate conduct had precipitated him, and 
which he was in fact again to attain by a supreme effort 
of audacity. " At court one must always take one thing 
with another ; everything comes in turn," said Madame de 
Montespan to the Grande Mademoiselle." Lauzun ended 
by following this maxim, and, by resigning himself to his lot, 
at length permitted Saint-Mars to taste some repose. 

The unhappy gaoler had seen himself reduced, by his 
excessive scruples and by the conduct of Lauzun,, to the 



*" Letter from Seignelay to Lauzun, November g, 1672. 
21 Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, November 27, and December 
5. 1672. 

^ Memoir es de Mademoiselle de Montpensier, vol. iv. p. 456. 



228 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

most singular extremities. Scarcely had Fouquet renounced 
the hope of escape and given himself up to study and 
prayer, than Lauzun had come to renew and increase the 
inquietude of Saint-Mars. The ill-temper and despair of 
the new captive were such that he behaved with the 
utmost violence " towards his gaoler. For a long time in- 
sensible to his insults, Saint-Mars had at first submitted to 
them with indifference ; but this was soon no longer possible, 
and he had to discontinue his visits. How then was he to 
execute the orders received and exercise his surveillance? 
The unfortunate gaoler, too much ill-treated to be able to 
revisit Lauzun, and too scrupulous to leave off watching 
him, was in a state of extreme perplexity. His alarm was 
increased by the impossibility of making his usual perqui- 
sitions, and he was constantly representing to himself his 
captive imagining and realizing a project of escape. He at 
length released himself from this intolerable situation, but 
at what a price ! For a long time the subordinate officials 
of Pignerol perceived their chief gliding stealthily amongst 
some trees that surrounded the donjon. Then choosing the 
highest and thickest in leaf,^* overcoming the infirmities of 
age, and recovering for an instant the vigour of youth, he 
clasped the gnarled trunk, climbed by degrees to the highest 
branches, and there, hidden by the foliage, kept his eyes 
eagerly fixed upon Lauzun's room, from which coarse in- 
sults had banished him. From this elevated point he 
observed the prisoner's conduct without being seen by 

" Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, November 27, 1672, and 
January 16, 1674. Delort, Histoire de la Detention des Philosophes, p. 43. 

2' Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, November 10, 1675. Delort, 
Histoire de la DHention des Philosophes, p. 43. 



FAVOURS GRANTED TO FOUQUET. 229 

him,=5 and thus reconciled the duties of his office with 
the exigencies of his dignity. Surely never did a servant 
better merit the confidence of his master ; and Saint-Mars 
will remain without a rival amongst the gaolers of all 
times. 

This post of observation ceased to be impenetrable, as 
Louvois had foreseen : " As the leaves have now fallen," he 
wrote to Saint-Mars, November 10, 1675, "you will no 
longer be able to see what M. de Lauzun does in his 
room." ^° But this fatiguing surveillance was then rendered 
less necessary by the resignation and calmness of the so 
long indocile captive. His submission to the orders of 
Louis XIV., the proofs of a piety, more or less sincere ;" 
the entreaties of Madame de Nogent, his sister, and of 
several friends, obtained for Lauzun the same favours that, 
for several years past, Fouquet had owed to the accession to 
power of his friend Arnauld de Pomponne, and doubtless 
also to the increasing influence of Madame de Maintenon."' 

Since 1672 Fouquet had had permission to receive a , 
letter from his wife.'' Less than two years afterwards he had 
been allowed to write twice a year to his family.™ Finally, 



^ It was then that he discovered Lauzun often had a telescope in 
his hand, and it was taken from him. 

^ Delort, Histoire de la Detention des Pliilosophes, p. 241. 

" Saint-Simon relates that for fear he should be imposed upon with 
a false priest, to act as a spy upon him, Lauzun had asked for a capucin, 
and that as soon as he saw him he seized him by the beard and pulled 
it very hard, in order to assure himself that it was not false. Saint- 
Simon says he had this from Lauzun himself. Memoires, vol. xiii. 

P- 73- 

^' Mitnoires sur Nicolas Fouquel, vol. ii. p. 45°- 

^ Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, October 18, 1672. 

™ Ibid., April 10, 1674. 



230 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

from January 20, 1679, the favours were multiplied, and the 
two illustrious captives obtained all that could soften their 
situation. Louis XIV. authorised them to have full liberty 
to meet, to take their meals, and to walk together, to con- 
verse with the officers of the donjon, and to read all kinds 
of books and gazettes."' Whilst Madame de Nogent and 
the Chevalier de Lauzun received permission to come and 
visit their brother ; Fouquet had at length the happiness of 
seeing his wife, his daughter, the Count de Vaux, his son, 
and the Bighop of Agde and M. de Mdziferes, his brothers.'* 
Alone and isolated for fifteen years, the Surintendant had at 
last this supreme consolation, which, alas ! he was not long 
to enjoy. These different members of his family made a 
rather lengthened stay at the citadel. But the prisoner's 
daughter installed herself there in a definite manner, and took 
up her quarters in rooms directly over those of her father."* 
Almost immediately after her arrival, Lauzun and Fouquet 
ceased to visit one another."* The cause of this sudden mis- 
understanding is to be found in the gallant disposition and 
enterprising audacity of Lauzun. The insolent favourite 
could not recognize the devotion of Fouquet's daughter, a 
voluntary prisoner, and the touching victim of her filial 
affection. What passed between these three personages 
can only be surmised, for no documents exist respecting it. 
It is only known that, long afterwards, Lauzun paid such 

" Letter of Madame de Sevigne, Febraary 27, 1697. "Memo- 
randum of the manner in which the King desires Monsieur de Saint- 
Mars to guard for the future the prisoners in his custody," Jan. 20, 
1679 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 

°^ Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, May 10 and 28, 1679. 

^ Letter from the same to the same, December 18, 1679. 

'* Letter from the same to the same, January 24, 1680. 



HJS LAST SORROW. 231 

frequent visits to Mademoiselle Fouquet in Paris, during 
which he showed himself so familiar, that the jealousy of 
Louis XIV.'s cousin was very strongly aroused. '= It was the 
destiny of the Surintendant to undergo every misfortune, 
and, at the moment when he seemed about to receive some 
alleviation, to find suddenly in his daughter's presence a 
new source of grief and bitterness. 

Was this grief at least the final one ? did he die on 
March 22, 1680, as has been said, or, to this expiation of 
his faults courageously undergone during sixteen years at 
Pignerol must a still longer one be added? Did Fouquet 
continue to drag on his miserable existence for another 
twenty-three years, and was it to the Bastille that he went 
to finish it obscurely, dead to all, his face hidden from the 
world, and, as it were, surviving even himself? 

^ Memoires de Mademoiselle de Montfensier, vol. iv. pp. 401 and 
473 ; Delort, Histoire de la Detention des Philosophes, p. 52. 



232 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XVIII. 

Theory which makes Fouquet the Man with the Iron Mask — Argu- 
ments advanced by M. Lacroix — Some to be absolutely rejected 
and some discussed — Fouquet not in possession of a dangerous 
State Secret — Madame de Maintenon — Her Character — Her Youth 
— Her Relations with Monsieur and Madame Fouquet — Her 
honourable Reserve — The Affair of the Poisons — How Fouquet's 
Name became mixed up in it — Probability of his Death being 
caused by an attack of Apoplexy — Weakness of the other Argu- 
ments advanced by M. Lacroix — Oblivion into which the Sur- 
intendant had fallen — Two mysterious Arrests. 

A WRITER of much knowledge and much imagination, 
M. Paul Lacroix, has collected, in a very ingenious and 
cleverly written work,i all the arguments that can be ad- 
vanced in favour of the theory which makes Fouquet the 
Man with the Iron Mask. He begins by reminding us of 
the discovery, announced on August 13, 1789,^ of a card 
found amongst the papers of the Bastille, bearing these 
words : "Fouquet, arriving from the Isles Sainte-Marguerite 
with an Iron Mask," and signed with three X's and the 

^ Histoire de V Homme au Masque de Fer, by M. Paul Lacroix 
(Bibliophile Jacob). Paris, 1840. 

" Loisirs d'lcn Patriate Frani;ais, number of August 13, 1789. This 
card found amongst the papers of the Bastille, and which the journalist 
attests having seen, also bore the number 64,389,000. 



THEORY WHICH MAKES FOUQUET THE IRON MASK. 233 

name of Kersadion. Nevertheless, M. Lacroix very properly 
abstains from counting amongst his proofs a paper, the 
existence of which is not certified by any official document, 
and which the wording, the strange manner in which it is 
said to have been found, and the improbability of any note 
of this character having been made, must equally cause to 
be rejected. The following are the more solid bases of 
M. Lacroix's argument : — 

" The precautions employed in guarding Fouquet at 
Pignerol resemble in every point," ^ says he, " those adopted 
later for the Man with the Iron Mask at the Bastille and at 
the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. 

" The greater number of the traditions relating to the 
masked prisoner appear to apply to Fouquet. 

" The appearance of the Man with the Iron Mask fol- 
lowed almost immediately upon the pretended death of 
Fouquet in 1680. 

" This death of Fouquet in 1680 is far from being 
certain. 

"Finally, political and private reasons may have deter- 
mined Louis XIV. to cause him to pass for dead, in pre- 
ference to getting rid of him by poison or in any other 
manner.'' 

These two last arguments are the only ones which 
need be discussed ; for the circumstantial care, excessive 
vigilance, and incessant precautions of which Fouquet was 
the object at Pignerol were not peculiar to this prisoner. 
Lauzun was treated in absolutely the same manner. The 
instructions given to Saint- Mars every time a new 
jirisoner, even the most obscure, was confided to his 

8 Histoire de r Homme au Masque de Per, p. 175. 



234 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

care were identical. On July 19, 1669, when announcing 
the approaching arrival of that Eustache d'Auger, who 
was to become Fouquet's lackey, Louvois wrote to Saint- 
Mars as if the fortune of the State was bound up with 
this man.* When, later, some Protestant ministers, as 
unknown as they were harmless^ are sent to him at the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite, there are the same detailed and 
complete precautions set forth at length, and equally dear 
to the circumstantial Minister^ who enjoined them, and 
the scrupulous gaoler charged with their execution. 

As to the " traditions relating to the masked prisoner," 
which appear to M. Lacroix "to apply to Fouquet," we 
have seen ^ that the greater number of them are legendary, ' 
and that the others, such as the episode of the silver dish 

* "The King having ordered me to have one Eustache d'Auger 
taken to Pignerol, it is of the utmost importance that on his arrival he 
should be guarded with great security, and not allowed to give informa- 
tion of his whereabouts in any manner whatever. I give you notice of 
this in advance in order that you may prepare a cell in which you will 
confine him securely, talcing care to arrange that the openings fol: light 
of the place, in which he will be, may not look upon places where 
any one may come, and that there be enough closed doors so that our 
sentinels may not be able to hear anything : " — Letter from Louvois 
to Saint-Mars, July 19, 1669. 

These infinite precautions were indeed a form of style. They are 
to be found in the orders given to Marshal d'Estrades, in those 
which are contained in the Registers of the Secretary's Office of the 
King's Household, and in those which are found in the Correspondance 
Administrative sous Louis XIV. See this correspondence published 
by Depping in the collection of the Documents inSdits pour VHistoire de 
France. See also. Imperial Library, manuscripts, Fapiers d'Estrades, 
vol. xii., and Registers of the Secretary's Office, 6653. 

" M. Camille Rousset gives a number of proofs of the extreme 
pleasure that Louvois found in a combination and excess of precautions. 
(See notably vol. iii. p. 38, et seq. oi\i\?, Histoire de Louvois.) 

8 Chapter V. of the present work. See pp. 62, 63, ante. 



PROBABILITY OF THE THEORY. 235 

thrown from a window, concern several Protestant ministers, 
confined at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite at almost the same 
date as the Man with the Iron Mask. 

Finally, — and we will establish this further on, — nothing 
whatever proves that the appearance of the Man with the 
Iron Mask dates from the year 1680. 

But if Fouquet did not die in March, 1680, — if, above 
all, Louis XIV. "had political and private motives for 
compassing the disappearance of the Surintendant by a 
supposititious death," it is incontestable that the theory of 
M. Lacroix would have a strong chance of being accepted, 
since it would show what had become of this personage 
while it explained in a very probable manner the mystery, 
exaggerated by tradition, but nevertheless true, by which 
the famous masked prisoner was surrounded. This 
has been perfectly understood by M. Lacroix, who has 
first applied himself to contest the death of Fouquet in 
1680, and then to seek out the different causes that may 
have determined Louis XIV. to suddenly separate the 
Surintendant from the rest of the world, and to make the 
prolongation of his life a mystery impenetrable to all except 
Saint-Mars. 

Of these causes, those which date beyond 1680 must be 
peremptorily rejected. They could not, in fact, have exer- 
cised any influence upon Fouquet's ■ fate, since we have 
just seen this prisoner pass by degrees from a very close and 
somewhat harsh confinement to a captivity much softened 
by favours incessantly multiplied. From 1665 to 1672 he 
is forbidden all communication, even with his relations; 
but from 1672 some occasional letters are first authorised, 
then a more regular correspondence, next daily intercourse 



236 THE MAM WITH THE IRON MASK. 

with the Other prisoners, and, finally, the visit and the pro- 
longed stay of several members of his family at Pignerol. 
This progress, slow, but continuous, incontestably exists in 
the period extending from 1672 to 1680. It is, therefore, 
only in this last year that the origin of the terrible royal 
anger and of the frightful increase of punishment suddenly 
inflicted upon Fouquet is to be sought for. M. Lacroix has 
neglected this essential distinction, and has gathered to- 
gether ail the grievances, real or pretended, of Louis XIV., 
without taking into consideration their ancient date and the 
evident proofs of indulgent forgetfulness of the past succes- 
sively shown to the offender. It was, therefore, superfluous 
to remind us ' of the secret negotiations of the Surintendant 
with England, of his projects for rendering himself indepen- 
dent, and of retiring, in case of disgrace, to his principality of 
Belle-Isle, which he caused to be fortified ; of his eagerness to 
gain creatures, whom he bought at any price, by appointing 
them to important offices and giving them secret pensions ; 
or of his pretended love for Madamoiselle de la Vallifere. 
With regard to all these faults the royal resentment was 
appeased, and it cannot be admitted that their recollection 
may have suddenly irritated Louis XIV., when for eight years 
he had been manifesting towards the prisoner a clemency 
more obvious and efficacious. 

" Fouquet, a prisoner at Pignerol," says M. Lacroix,^ 
" still excited hatred in Colbert and continual apprehensions 
in Louis XIV. : one would have said that he possessed some 
p'eat secret, the disclosure of which would be fatal to the 



' Histoire de V Homme au Masque de Fei; p. 233. 
^ Ibid., p. 229. 



BOUQUET IN POSSESSION OF NO STATE SEQRET. 237 

State, or at least mortally wound the King's pride." But 
upon this hypothesis, how was it that Louis XIV. authorised 
the frequent intercourse of Fouquet with Lauzun, and after- 
wards with the different members of his family? How was 
it that he was not afraid lest these should become partici- 
pators in and afterwards propagators of this State secret ? 
M. Lacroix enumerates all the precautions taken by Saint- 
Mars during the first period of Fouquet's detention, in order 
to hinder him from imparting of receiving intelligence. But 
three significant despatches show that these precautions, 
very minute indeed, were only inspired by the fear of 
an escape, and not at all by the apprehension of the 
spreading of a State secret. Three times, and for different 
causes, Fouquet's valets were dismissed. They were sent 
away, one in 1665, another at the end of the following year, 
and the third in 1669 — that is to say, when the Surintenda'ht 
was in close confinement. What became of these three 
persons, who for a long time had lived with the prisoner and 
been in a position to receive his confidence ? Were they 
ever deprived of their liberty in order to bury with them this 
secret, which they may have had the misfortune to become 
acquainted with ? 

" I write you this letter," says Louis XIV. to Saint-Mars,9 
" to tell you that I deem it good that you should give the 
Sieur Fouquet another valet, and that after the one who is ill 
is cured, you are to let him go where he pleases, and the 
present letter being for no other end, I pray God to take 
you into his holy keeping." 

"Your letter of <he 28th of the past month," writes 



9 Order of Louis XIV., dated October n, 1665. 



238 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Louvois to Saint-Mars,i° " has been delivered to me, and 
has informed me that the valet of the Sieur Fouquet is 
afflicted with a very dangerous illness. It is well to continue 
to have him nursed, and if, after his cure, he does not wish 
to continue his services to the prisoner any longer, prudence 
ordains that you should keep him in the donjon. three or 
four months, in order that if he has transgressed his duty, 
time may fracture the measures he may have concerted with 
Monsieur Fouquet.'' 

" His Majesty leaves it to you," he writes to Saint-Mars 
in 1669,11 " to act as you please with respect to La Rivibre, 
that is to say, to leave him with Monsieur Fouquet or to 
remove him ; his Majesty counting that, in case you 
remove him, you will only let him depart after an imprison- 
ment of from seven to eight months, in order that, if he had 
taken measures to carry news from his master, it would be so 
stale by that time, that it could cause no annoyance.'' 

We see from these despatches that if, during the sixteen 
years he passed at Pignerol, Fouquet was the object of styles 
of treatment which differed greatly, it was never impossible 
'for him to render other people depositaries of his secrets, 
and through them to communicate these secrets to his 
friends, his relations, or foreign sovereigns, as well as to the 
great lords of the court. He could have done this in 1665, 
in 1666, and in 1669, by means of his servants detained 
only a few months as prisoners and then dismissed without 
conditions. He could have done it later still more easily 
through the medium either of Lauzun or of all those who 
came to visit him. One must therefore reject the idea that 

1° Letter of Louvois to Saint-Mars, September 23, i656. 
11 Ibid., September 17, 1669. 



MADAME DE MAINTENON'S EARLY LIFE. 239 

Fouquet was the possessor of a dangerous State secret, and 
moreover, necessarily conclude from the much more humane 
conduct of Louis XIV, towards the Surintendant, that the 
King's former resentment had disappeared, and that in 1680 
he no longer saw in the prisoner anything but an old man, 
very interesting both by his misfortunes and his resignation. 

But M. Lacroix invokes something else besides reasons 
of State ; according to him, the last and the most powerful of 
Louis XIV.'s favourites was interested in the Surintendant's 
disappearance. Formerly the latter's mistress, when she was 
the wife of Scarron, at the moment of her marriage with the 
King she had exacted from him an increase of rigour 
towards this troublesome Surintendant, that awkward witness 
of her former weaknesses. 

Will that which Madame de S^vignd calls "the first 
volume of Madame de Maintenon's life,"!^ always remain 
a mystery? and shall we never know the exact beginning 
of this illustrious parvenue who desired to be an enigmk for 
posterity ? ^^ Like all those who have had the honour to 
meet with eager detractors, she has found defenders, un- 
reasonable without doubt, but who have shown the injustice 1* 
of the passions excited against the ex-Huguenot converted 
to Catholicism, and afterwards wife of Louis XIV., at the 
moment of the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes and the 
persecution of the Jansenists. It is the exaggeration of 

12 Letter of Madame de Sevigne, July 7, 1680. 

13 Correspondance GinSrale, Lavallee's edition, vol. i. p. i. 

ii* Let us cite amongst others, the fine Histoire de Madame de 
Maintenon, of the Duke de Noailles, unhappily still unfinished ; the 
labours of M. Theophile Lavallee and Chapter I. Period iii. of the curious 
volumes of M. Cheruel, Saint-Simon considM comme Historien, which 
is the necessary complement of his edition of'the Mlmoires. 



240 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

the attack, it is the violence of Saint-Simon, of the Princess 
Palatine, and of La Fare, rather than any sudden attraction, 
that has produced this change in public opinion; this 
current, general to-day and highly favourable to Madame de 
Maintenon. Her rehabilitation was so necessary that every 
one has given his adhesion, but only from a feeling of 
justice. In learning to know her better one has ceased to 
despise her, without loving her any the more, and one has 
conceived much more esteem for her mind than inclination 
for her person. Never, in fact, even when looking back 
through ages, does one experience very powerful feelings on 
behalf of those who were deficient in them, and dry, cold 
virtue, without the passion that animates, and the struggle that 
vivifies it, will always lack adjiiirers. Madame de Maintenon 
not only appears austere and inflexible, but everything with 
her is conventional and calculated. Her piety is not ardent 
in its outbursts, like La Yallibre's, but restrained and 
deliberate, and her scruples always turn to the advantage of 
her fortune. Not false, but of consummate prudence ; not 
perfidious, but always ready, if not to sacrifice, at least to 
abandon her friends; loving the appearance of good as much 
as good itself; without imagination, and consequently without 
illusions, this woman, superior by the intellect much more 
than by the heart, was armed against all allurements, and 
the fear of compromising her reputation placed her beyond 
all perils. " There is nothing more clever than an irre- 
proachable conduct," said she. This sentence paints her 
perfectly, and allows one to penetrate to the bottom of her 
sotil. It explains and enlightens the whole of her life, and 
by its aid one can understand how this woman managed to 
live amidst the dangers of a light and frivolous society 



CHARACTER OF MADAME DE MAINTENON. 241 

without succumbing, traverse youth without experiencing 
its temptations, undergo poverty with honour, hold her own 
at court, be constant mistress of herself, and end by irrevo- 
cably securing in the heart of the King a place which 
neither La Vallifere, despite her disinterested devotion, 
Fontanges, despite her powers of fascination, nor Monte- 
span, despite her legitimated children, had known how to 
preserve. To a sound judgment, to a dignity imposing, but 
devoid of arrogance, to that marvellous art of being queen 
without appearing to pretend to it, and of receiving the 
homage of the court with quite a Christian humility ; to all 
these qualities, by which, as Louis XIV. 's wife, she showed 
herself worthy of her destiny, Madame de Maintenon had 
added, from her most tender infancy, that proud desire "for 
a good reputation," in which lay her strength. " This was 
my hobby," she said later." " I did not trouble myself 
about riches ; I was infinitely above interest. But I wished 
for honour. I did not seek to be loved privately by any one 
whatever. I wanted to be loved by everybody." 

Nothing indicates that her firm and decided will ever 
failed in carrying out this proud engagement, undertaken in 
early life with coolness and resolution. For a Saint-Simon 
and for a Ninon de Lenclos, who incriminate her conduct, 
there are many less suspicious witnesses who come forward 
in her favour. " We were all surprised," says the Intendant 
Basville, " that any one could unite such virtues, such 
poverty, and such charms." M. Lacroix'^ invokes that 
note transcribed by Conrart, said to have been found in 

i" Lettres Historiqua et Edifiantes de Madame de Matntenon, vol. ii. 
p. 213. 

w Histoire de V Homme au Masque de Per, p. 244. 

16 



242 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Fouquet's casket, and to have been written to him by 
Madame de Maintenon : " I do not know you ^enough to 
love you, and if I knew you perhaps I should love you 
less. I have always avoided vice, and I naturally hate 
sin. But I confess to you that I hate poverty still more. 
I have received your ten thousand crowns. If you will 
bring me another ten thousand in two days, then I will see 
what I have to do.?' But besides the fact that Conrart 
ascribes to Madame de la Baulme this letter, the terms of 
which also contrast singularly with Madame de Maintenon's 
style," we know from positive proofs what were the rela- 
tions both of Scarron and his wife with the family of 
Fouquet. If some doubts may exist with respect to 
Villarceaux, whom Saint-Simon and Ninon de Lenclos 
make Madame de , Maintenon's lover, no one can fail 
to recognize the perfect propriety and the dignity she ex- 
hibited in accepting the benefits of the Surintendant. It 
is always to Madame Fouquet that she addresses herself; 
and when the latter, charmed by so much intelligence, 
wishes to have the wife of Scarron near 'her, she rejects 
with marvellous tact a proposition full of perils both to her 
virtue, and, above all, to her good fame. '* One day, how- 
ever, she was obliged, on account of Scarron's infirmities, 
to go herself to solicit Fouquet. " But," says Madame de 

W Conrart, Manuscripts, vol. xi. p.' 151 : — Archives of the Arsenal. 
The same observations apply to this other letter, likewise ascribed by 
M. Lacroix to Madame de Maintenon, and with as little ground : 
"Until now I was so thoroughly persuaded of my strength, that I 
would have defied all the earth. But I confess that the last inter- 
view I had with you charmed me. I found in your conversation a 
thousand pleasures which I had not expected ; in short, if I ever see 
you alone, I do not know what will happen." 

18 Mlmoires sur Nicolas Fouquet, vol. i. pp. 448, 449. 



FOUQUET AND THE POISONING TRIALS. 243 

Caylus (and Mademoiselle d'Aumale confirms the accuracy 
of this account), " she affected to go there in such great 
negligence that her friends were ashamed of taking her. 
Every one knows what M. Fouquet was then, his weakness 
for women, and how much the highest sought to please him. 
This conduct, and the just admiration that it excited, reached 
even the Queen's ears." '^ 

Extreme reserve towards the Surintendant, and affec- 
tionate gratitude towards Madame Fouquet, such were, 
we see, the sentiments of Scarron's widow; and far from 
having to cause a weakness to be forgotten, Madame de 
Maintenon had, on the contrary, to remember the kind- 
nesses of this family, and for her part to contribute to the 
alleviation of the prisoner's lot. 

Afterwards, in a very vague manner, and without 
furnishing any positive proofs, M. Lacroix reminds us that 
Fouquet was mixed up in those famous poisoning trials which 
revealed so many monstrous scandals and implicated cer- 
tain great personages of the court, in which, too, we see 
the audacity of the crimes still further increased by the 
revolting cynicism of the avowals, and which produced a 
profound commotion throughout the whole of France and 
even abroad. 

That Fouquet's name may have been pronounced during 
the discussions, one is not prepared either to contest or 
feel surprised at. As his enemy, Colbert, was one of the 
appointed victims, and as a conspiracy seemed to have been 
formed to poison him, it is very natural that the accused 
persons should have invoked the recollection of the Surin- 

19 Souvenirs de Madame de Caylus, pp. 10 and II ; M. FeuiUet de 
Conches, Causeries d'un Curieux, vol. ii. p. 5^5 > ^' Cheruel, Saint- 
Simon considiri comme Historien, p. 504, et seq. 



244 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

tendant. But how many other names, such as those of 
La Fontaine and Racine, were indicated to the lieutenant 
of police without their reputations being tarnished by it ! 
M. Lacroix, with reason, regrets that most of the papers 
relating to this dark business have not been published. 
They are about to be, and not one of the innumerable 
documents relating to these various trials authorises us to 
accuse the Surintendant.™ As for those which have already 
been published, and which include some declarations concern- 
ing Fouquet, an attentive examination of the period at which 
they have been made proves that they could have exercised 
no influence upon the fate of the prisoner of Pignerol. 
"The woman Filastre said at the torture, that she had 
written a contract by which the Duchess de Vivonne de- 
sired the restoration of M. Fouquet and the death of 
M. Colbert." But this declaration was made some months 
after the Surintendant's death." We have a letter from 
Louvois to the Heutenant of police. La Reynie, in which 
the latter is thanked for having informed the King " what 
one named Debray has said of the solicitation that was 
made to him by a man dependent on Fouquet;"" but 
this letter is dated June 17, i68x, fifteen months after the 
death, or, if it is preferred, the period at which Louis XIV. 
had determined upon causing the Surintendant to disappear. 
Would the revelations of the Marchioness de BrinviUiers be 
relied upon by preference? But her trial dates from 1676, 



20 This is what I have several times been assured of by M. Ravaisson 
v^ho, in publishing the documents relating to the Bastille, has come 
across the affaire des poisons. 

21 M. Pierre Clement, La Police sous Louis XIV., p. 227. 

22 Ibid. p. 222. 



HIS DEATH CAUSED BY APOPLEXY. 2^S 

and if Fouquet had been seriously compromised at that 
tirae, wherefore those successive alleviations of his punish- 
ment during a period of four years ? " 

In any case, if on such interested and doubtful deposi- 
tions it be admitted that Fouquet's friends were the counsellors 
and accomplices of a crime/' I can understand that, struck 
with the coincidence, — not precisely exact, as we have just 
seen — between these accusations and the Surintendant's death, 
the suspicion might arise that the latter wis not a natural one. 
M. Pierre Cldment, in his work, Za Police sous Louis XIV., 
has expressed this idea with extreme circumspection, and 
has contented himself with uttering a doubt. He accuses 
no one, as he is especially careful to declare. But he 
observes that the period at which Fouquet's death occurred 
rendered it an untoward-* event. He succumbed to an 
attack of apoplexy, and the nature of this complaint would go 
far to accredit the theory of poison; but there conjectures 
ought to stop. Let people hesitate to believe that he was 
really seized with an attack of this nature : I can conceive 
their doing so, although numerous reasons combine to make 
us place credence in it. But everything is entirely opposed 
to the hypothesis of his death ^ being simulated by Louis 

^ A councillor to the Parliament named Pinon-Dumartray, a 
relation of Fouquet's, was suspected of having been connected with the 
Sieur Daray, who was accused of.a plot against Colbert's life. 

'^^ M. Pierre Clement, La Police sous Louis XIV., p. 221. 

'^ In support of this opinion, M. Lacroix (in the work already 
referred to, pp. 25 1, 252) speaks of a letter written by Louis XIV. to 
Pope Clement X., in which he requested him " to grant him a secret 
dispensation in order that he might rid himself, without form of trial, of a 
man, dangerous and hurtful to his government." M. Lacroix adds that 
" Clement X. was probably opposed to the death of the prisoner at 
Pignerol." But M. Lacroix does not give this very strange letter of 



Z4.6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

XIV.'s orders ; and whether it was natural, or whether it was 
hastened by a crime, it is unquestionably true that it really 
took place in the month of March of the year 1680. 

Was it, in truth, a man in a good state of health who 
suddenly succumbed ? It was an old man, who had been 
ailing for the last sixteen years — a man unsettled by excess 
of blood 26_a man whom the absence of every kind of 
exercise had rendered plethoric, and who, from a busy life 
and one given up fbr a long time to pleasure, had suddenly 
passed to the privations and the inaction of captivity. 

Was it a prisoner, malignant and full of strong resent- 
ment, who was suspected of having instigated his friends to 
poison Colbert ? No, indeed. It was the most patient and 

Louis XIV.'s, which he terms the keystone of his theory, contenting 
himself with observing: "This letter, so strange that people would 
wish to deny its existence, is among the manuscripts in the Bibliothique 
du Red. M. ChampoUion-Figeac, who discovered it three years ago 
among the papiers de Boitillaud, told me the tenour of it at that time, 
at the very moment I was setting off on a long journey. But unfor- 
tunately he forgot to take a note of the volume containing this singular 
paper, and since my retium he has in vain sought to find it again. 
The learned M. Libri also remembers having seen this precious 
document." 

The following is the truth about this letter and the origin of the 
remarks of MM. ChampoUion-Figeac and Libri. It is in the recueil 
Bouillaud, Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, SF 997, vol. xxxiii., 
catalogue, that this seventeenth-century collector speaks of a letter 
" in which the Cardinal de Richelieu begged the King to demand from 
the Pope a brief allowing him to put to death, without any fonn of 
trial, those whom he considered deserving of it, a request which Pope 
Urban VIII. refused. " M. P. Clement has already quoted this extract 
in note 2, p. 222 of his Police sous Louis XIV. 

M. Lacroix will thus see that his letter does not concern Louis XIV., 
Clement X., and Fouquet, but rather Louis XIII., Urban VIII., and 
some unknown victims. 

^ Most of the complaints that Fouquet mentions in his letters are 
due to a too great abundance of blood. 



HIS FAMILY PRESENT AT HIS DEATH. 247 

the most resigned of captives, who had expiated his faults 
by the most admirable behaviour, who had pardoned his 
enemies, and whose mind, detached from the good things of 
the world, was raised to the contemplation of things divine, 
and who, offering his own life as an example, had devoted 
his long leisure to erecting a monument of his piety for the 
edification of his fellow-creatures. 

Did he die mysteriously, without witnesses, save a gaoler 
capable of a crime ? It was in the presence of the Count 
de Vaux, his son, and of his daughter, ^t — it was in their 
arms that he yielded up his breath. Saint-Mars, whom all 
his contemporaries represent to us as a perfectly upright 
man, was the sole intermediary between the King and his 
prisoners. Lastly, when the news of his death arrives at 
the court, Louis XIV. immediately causes an order to be 
transmitted to his representatives at Pignerol " to give up 
Fouquet's corpse to his family, in order that they may have 
it transported whither it may seem good to them." ^ 

These are decisive and material considerations, the value 
of which cannot be destroyed by that crowd of secondary 
arguments which M. Lacroix has gathered up into a heap, 
and put forward with very great skill. But will even these 
resist a strict investigation ? Can one be astonished that 
the accounts of Fouquet's death furnished by his friends, 
separated from him for so long a time,29 should differ from 

27 Letters from Louvois to Saint-Mars, April 3 and May 4, 1680. 

28 Ibid., April 9, 1680. 

^ M. Cheruel, who arrives at the conclusion that Fouquet died in 
March, 1680, observes, with reason, that a passage from the Memoir es 
de Gourville is alone in contradiction with other contemporary testi- 
mony, but that the contradiction is only apparent. According to 
Bussy-Rabutin, Fouquet was authorised in 1680 to go to the waters of 



24!i THE MAN WITH THE IKON MASK. 

one another? Is it astonishing that some should attri- 
bute his death to suffocation, others to a fit, when we 
know that pulmonary apoplexy is always accompanied by 
suffocation ? Must we consider as significant the useless^ 
ness of the researches made at Pignerol by a learned 
Piedmontese,^" when he himself explains it by the sup- 
pression of the convent of Sainte-Claire, in which the bod^ 
of Fouquet was placed for the time being, by the alteram 
tions which have taken place in the church,^! and the dis- 
persion of papers 32 belonging to this monastery ? Lastly, is 



Bourbon. We have not referred to this authorisation, because no 
document makes mention of it. But the report was spread about at 
Paris, and it is not surprising tliat Gourville, writing his recollections 
long after the events, should have confounded the authorisation with 
the realization of thisjoumey, andhavesaid: " M. Fouquet having been 

set at liberty ." It is nevertheless in reference to this passage that 

Voltaire writes in his Siicle de Louis XIV., " Hence it is not known 
where this unfortunate man died, whose most insignificant actions were 
of importance while he was powerful." Voltaire has sacrificed truthi 
to effect of style. Madame de Sevigne knew of it : " Poor Monsieur 
Fouquet is dead, I regret it ; I have never lost so many friends." 
Bussy knew of it : " You know, I think, of the death of Fouquet by 
apoplexy at the time he was permitted to take the Bourbon waters." 
The family knew of it, since several of its members were at Pignerol in 
March, 1680. Gourville was the only one who was not correctly 
informed ; but we have just seen in what manner and why he differs 
from , other contemporaries. 

™ Paroletti, Sur la Mart du Surintendant Fouquet, notes receuillies- 
&. Pignerol, quarto, 24 pages. Turin, 1812. 

'' Ibid., p. 20. Paroletti also concluded that the death of Fou- 
quet took place in M^rch, 1680. There are equally the conclusions of a 
work in preparation by M. Gaultier de Claubry on this special question, 
and which will form part of that beautiful historical series to which for 
some years past we have been indebted to the city of Paris. 

°^ The ancient convent of Ste. -Claire is now a home for beggars.. 
M. Jacopo Bernardi, honorary grand vicar of the Bishop of Pignerol, 
■writes to me that in the country the death of Fouquet in 1680 is still 



LA FONTAINE NOT UNAFFECTED BY IT. 249 

there anything strange in the silence of La Fontaine, in the 
laconism with which the Gazette and Le Mercure announce 
Fouquet's death, and in the absence of an ostentatious inscrip- 
tion in the chapel of the Convent des Filles de la Visitation, 
to which his body was carried ? Twenty years had passed 
away since the fall of the Surintendant. But in how much 
shorter space of time are services forgotten ! In the espe- 
cially fruitful period from 1660 to 1680, other and more illus^ 
trious names had filled the world's stage and usurped fame. 
In that court which he had dazzled with his splendour, 
Fouquet had long since been forgotten, and only a few friends 
sympathized with his misfortunes. If he who has lent such 
touching language to the nymphs of Vaux was silent, if the 
death of his benefactor inspired him with no theme, it was 
not because he declined to believe in it. But rather than 
suppose him insensible to it, ivill it not be better to ex- 
plain his silence as the result of indolence, and abandon 
the thought that La Fontaine was indifferent to Fouquet's 
death ? 

If the real sentiments experienced under these circum- 
stances by the fabulist are unknown to us, if the end of 
him who for so long kept a portion of the court at his feet 
occurred almost unperceived, he had at least the honour of 
being mourned by Madame de S^vigne, who was always 
faithful,33 and the consolation of being surrounded by his 
family on his death-bed ; while even Saint-Mars himself 
must have regretted this inoffensive and resigned prisoner. 
A short time after Fouquet's death Lauzun was liberated. 

a tradition. I take this opportunity of thanking my obliging and 
learned correspondent for the information with which he has been good 
enough to furnish me about Pignerol. 

^ See especially Letters of Madame Sevign^ April 3 and 5, 1680. 



250 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

But a year previous to this a few dragoons, commanded 
by an officer mysteriously despatched to Pignerol, had left 
the citadel during the night and taken the road to Turin. 
Halting at an isolated inn, far from any other habitation, and 
situated a short distance from the little river Chisola, they 
penetrated inside the house and concealed themselves with 
such care that their presence could not be detected. Very 
early the next morning a carriage containing three persons, 
two of whom were priests, hastily set out from Turin. 
Arrived at the banks of the stream, which was swollen by 
the rains, the travellers were obliged to dismount and 
traverse the torrent by means of some planks hurriedly put 
together. They then entered a room of the inn. Not 
long afterwards the armed dragoons made their way into 
this room and seized one of the travellers. An hour 
subsequently a carriage, surrounded by a cavalry escort, 
quitted the inn and conducted the prisoner to Pignerol. 
Three days later another stranger arrived in his turn at this 
fatal house. Immediately surrounded and seized by the 
same dragoons, posted in the same spot, he was also thrown 
into a carriage and rapidly whirled off to Pignerol. 



( 251 ) 



CHAPTER XIX. 

Intervention of the Kings of France in Italy — Policy of Henri II., 
Henri IV., and Louis XIII. — Judicious Conduct of Richelieu- 
Treaty of Cherasco — Menacing Ambition of Louis XIV. — Situa- 
tion of the Court of Savoy on the Death of Charles-Emmanuel — 
Portrait of Charles IV., Duke of Mantua — The Marquisate of 
Montferrat and Casale — The Count Matthioly — His political 
Career — His Character — The Abbe d'Estrades and Giuliani — 
Proposal to cede Casale to Louis XIV. — Interview at Venice 
between Charles IV, and the Abbe d'Estrades — Journey of Mat- 
thioly to Versailles — He communicates the Project formed to the 
Enemies of France — How is his Conduct to be estimated ? 

It is almost always unwisely that the Kings of France have 
intermeddled in the affairs of Italy. Their occupations have 
neverbeen lasting, because they have been in opposition to the 
true interests of France, and have violated natural boundary 
laws imposed upon the two countries by their geographical 
configurations. Charles VIII. conquered the Kingdom of 
Naples, but Louis XII. lost it. The latter took possession of 
the Milanese, but Frangois I. was obliged to evacuate it ; and 
by giving up Piedmont, which his father had made himself 
master of, Henri II. completed this retrograde movement. 
After having quitted the false path into which his three 
predecessors had dragged France, Henri II. indicated where 
the frontiers were to be enlarged, where national conquests 
were to be made, and what was the true direction to be 



252 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

given to her armies. He took Calais, thus pointing out the 
road to the Netherlands, and by becoming the master of 
the Trois-Ev^chds he opened to his successors the glorious 
road to Alsace and the Rhine. While he was so happily- 
inaugurating a new struggle, he was also establishing the 
basis of a new policy obscurely foreseen by Frangois I., but 
the merits of which certainly belong to Henri II. The 
latter understood that the most effectual way of contending 
with the Emperor of Germany, the head of the Catholic 
party, was to ally himself with the German Princes and the 
Reformed party ; and if he was too early interrupted in his 
scheme by a violent death — if the minority or the weakness 
of his children for a long time suspended its execution — it 
was again undertaken, and we know with what success, by 
Henri IV., Richelieu, Mazarin, and Louis XIV. To assure 
the neutrality of Spain, to watch Italy without attempting 
to establish himself there, to lead all his forces towards the 
North and the East, and to extend in this direction the 
frontiers, which were too near to the capital : such was 
the glorious policy of Henri IV., suspended for a time 
after his death, but worthily continued by his successors. 

At the same time it cannot be said that the latter were 
indifferent to the affairs of Italy. When, in 1627, the 
Dukes of Savoy and Guastalla, aided by the House of 
Austria, wished to secure to Charles de Gonzaga the Duke 
of Mantua's inherita,nce, Louis XIII. loudly proclaimed 
the cause of this legitimate heir, and ensured the triumph 
of his rights. Rendered by victory master of the 
destiny of the House of Savoy, Richelieu did not allow 
himself to be dazzled by success. This incomparable 
politician understood that to dispossess an Italian dynasty 



LOUIS XIV:S EARLY SUCCESSES. 253 

and to establish himself on the other side of the Alps, 
would necessarily result in uniting the Italians to the 
Spaniards, in provoking against the French (who had 
suddenly become unpopular, even by their presence) a 
coalition sooner or later victorious, and creating, in fact, 
outside the natural sphere of action of France, incessant 
grounds of anxiety, jealousies, struggles, and alarms. Thus, 
in 1 63 1, by the treaty of Cherasco, the skilful Minister, 
sacrificing many of the fruits of his victory, restored Pied- 
mont and Savoy, contenting himself with retaining Pignerol, 
so as always to keep open one of the passes into Italy. To 
watch over her without alarming her, to be a protector of 
the rights of the Italian Princes without menacing their 
independence, to exact complete confidence from them in 
return, to baffle the intrigues of the Spaniards, and to 
allow them to accumulate on themselves hatred and resent- 
ment ; to assume, in a word, an attitude passive yet vigilant, 
firm but not menacing, such was the judicious conduct of 
Richelieu towards Italy. 

Louis XIV. long remained faithful to this policy. It 
was towards the North and East that he led his victorious 
armies, and by a succession of enterprises, happily con- 
ceived and wonderfully well-conducted, he extended the 
frontiers of France in the proper direction ; and, arbi- 
trator of Europe, at the Peace of Aix-la-Chapelle, and sub- 
sequently at that of Nimeguen, he inspired her with fear 
and admiration. In these two cities his will alone was the 
sole basis of the negotiations. While for every one the 
treaty of Aix-la-Chapelle had never appeared to be aught 
but a truce, that of Nimeguen combined all the conditions 
of a definitive peace. But even before this famous treaty 



254 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

was signed, Louis XIV. had conceived ambitious projects 
on the other side of the Alps, and the possession of 
Pignerol and the neighbouring valleys no longer appeared 
to him sufficient for the part he was desirous of plajdng in 
Italy. The influence of his government had, however, 
been better accepted there, when it wa,s more dissembled, 
and. when everything that could give the slightest offence 
had been avoided with the greatest care. But, when the 
policy of Richelieu and Mazarin, scrupulously continued 
by De Lionne, had ceased to prevail — when the invading 
and impetuous Louvois established a sort of military diplo- 
macy, which he directed as he pleased — the sentiments of 
the Italians, and in particular of the Piedmontese, became 
somewhat modified : confiding deference gave place to 
restrained apprehension, and led by degrees to a hatred 
which burst out against France at the moment she was 
oppressed by coalitions and defeats. 

Charles-Emmanuel, Duke of Savoy, had just died, 
leaving as his successor a child, under the guardianship of 
a mother,! vain, ardent, and impassioned, and whom little- 
ness of mind, as much as hastiness of character, led to 
exaggerated resistance, soon to be followed by humiliating 
concessions. Instead of showing himself the disinterested pro- 
tector and sincere counsellor of Victor-Amadeus, Louis XIV. 
sought from that time forward to become powerful in Italy 
ty profiting by the weakness of this government, the 
vanity of the Regent, the inexperience of her son, and by 
the passions aroused in this court around a frivolous and 
capricious woman. By an altogether opposite line of conduct 

■^ Marie-Jeanne-Baptiste de Nemours, widow of Charles-Emmanuel 
and mother of Victor-Amadeus II. 



CHARACTER OF THE YOUNG DUKE OF SAVOY. 255 

he might have eternally attached to himself the young Duke, 
who, instead, was later to become his adversary, not the most 
formidable, but certainly the most inconvenient, and who 
was to contribute, above all others, to the diversion created 
in the South, to paralyze the power of France, and place 
her within an inch of her ruin. Victor-Amadeus has been 
represented, and with reason, as a perfidious enemy and 
unreliable ally. But, in the first place, it was the conduct 
of his mother, and afterwards that of Louis XIV., which 
early disposed this prince to dissimulation. Left in, retirement 
by a hard and ambitious Regent, with his friends watched 
and suspected, and himself isolated, yet not a stranger to 
the interests of his States, taciturn, but thoughtful and ob- 
servant, more patient than resigned, he was submitting with 
apparent indifference to a double and oppressive guardian- 
ship, from which he only awaited the opportunity to escape 
or to be revenged. From this moment Louis XIV. 
himself prepared those disasters which were to mark the 
end of his reign. Whilst those audaciously arbitrary deci- 
sions of the Chambres de Reunion for the aggrandisement 
of France by conquests made in full peace, profoundly irri- 
tated the North of Europe, he was about to agitate the 
South by pretensions equally extravagant, for a long time 
concealed, then boldly disclosed, and which tended to 
nothing less than to place a part of Italy under his, exclu- 
sive dominion. 

The complacency, or at least the neutrality, which the 
vanity and weakness of the Regent assured to Louis XIV., 
in Piedmont, was rendered not less certain in Mantua by 
the frivolous indifference of Charles IV., its young duke. 
This prince, a degenerate representative of the House of 



2S6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Gonzaga, which has produced so many great men, and 
mingled its blood with the most illustrious families of 
Europe, showed himself unworthy of his rank and of his 
name, by the most extravagantly dissipated conduct. 
Careless and thoughtless, he was quite indifferent to the 
interests of his duchy, leaving its administration to incom- 
petent favourites ; and himself a non-resident duke, was in 
the habit of spending the greater part of his existence amidst 
the pleasures of Venice, and only dreaming of returning to 
Mantua, when the pressing need of money called him thither. 
A great gambler, and lavish in his expenditure, he had soon 
exhausted in fetes and adventures the remnants of a for- 
tune and of an equally broken constitution. Anticipating 
the revenues of his duchy, he had just obtained from some 
Jews advances on the taxes for several years.^ This sum 
was soon squandered, and Charles IV. deprived of re- 
sources, but not less eager for pleasure, ruined, but not less 
anxious to assist at all the festivals given outside his States, 
was reduced to expedients, and in a manner compelled to 
sell himself. He was not long in finding a purchaser. 

Under his authority was placed the marquisate of Mont- 
ferrat — that rich and fertile country, so perpetually sought 
after, and the possession of which was frequently contested 
by arms. Taken by the Romans from the Goths, then by the 
latter from the Lombards, afterwards forming a portion of the 
Empire of the West, eventually becoming an hereditary fief, 
several times claimed by the House of Savoy, conquered by 
Charles Emmanuel, then evacuated, this country had at length 
been annexed to the Duchy of Mantua, from which vast 

2 Despatch of the Marquis de Villars to Pomponne, January 8, 
1677 ; — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Savoy, 66. 



LOUIS XIV. TURNS HIS ATTENTION TO CASALE. 257 

States, nevertheless, separated it. Casale was its capital. 
This fortified place, situated on the Po, fifteen leagues to the 
east of Turin, was of the utmost importance, and especially 
to Piedmont. From very remote times the Court of Turin 
had coveted this natural dependency, which the defeats of 
Louis XIV. and the conduct of Victor Amadeus would one 
day secure to it. 

That the Duke of Mantua should possess this territory, 
bordering on Piedmont, was no doubt an anomaly, but was 
scarcely dangerous. The King of France, on the contrary, 
being already master of Pignerol, on securing possession 
of Casale, would, in reality^ enclose the Court of Turin 
between two formidable places,' of which the one to the 
south-west gave access to the passage of the Alps, and 
the other, to the north-east, commanded the road to the 
Milanese. This was the project formed by Louis XIV. 
The intrigue was mysteriously commenced in 1676 ; but for 
along time previously he had turned his. attention to this 
important town. On September 17, 1665, a few days 
subsequent to the death of Charles III., the preceding 
Duke of Mantua, he had hastened to send to the Regent, 
mother ' of Charles IV., the Sieur d'Aubeville, instructed to 
insist " that no change should be tolerated in the garrison of 
Casale during the minority of the young Duke.* This de- 
mand, which was very natural on account of the contiguity of 
the Spaniards, seemed — and, perhaps, was, at the time — ex- 

» Isabella Clara of Austria, daughter of the Archduke Leopold, 
who was grandson of the Emperor Ferdinand III. She was married 
June 13, 1649, to Charles III., Duke of Mantua. — Trans. 

* Unpublished letter of Louis XIV. : — Archives of the Ministry of 
War, vol. dcxxxv, p. 36. 

17 



258 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

tremely disinterested. In i676,however,he no longer troubled 
himself with the maintenance of a Mantuan garrison at Casale, 
but rather with throwing the place open to his own troops. 

One of the great personages of Mantua was Ercole 
Antonio Matthioly. He was born at Bologna, December i, 
1640, and belonged to an old and distinguished family of 
the long robe. His grandfather, Constantino Matthioly, 
had been raised to the dignity of senator. One of his 
uncles, Ercole Matthioly, a Jesuit father, was a very cele- 
brated orator.^ He himself early attracted attention by 
obtaining, when .only nineteen years of age, the prize in 
civil and canon law, and shortly afterwards the title of 
professor at the University of Bologna. He subsequently 
made himself still further known by several much-prized 
works ; and after having formed an alliance with an honour- 
able senatorial family of Bologna, established himself at 
Mantua, where his talents, dexterity, and early maturity 
caused him to be appreciated by Duke Charles IH. de 
Gonzaga, one of whose Secretaries of State he became. 
After this prince's death, his son, Charles IV. de Gonzaga, 
when he attained his majority, accorded his friendship to 
Matthioly, whom he named Supernumerary Senator of 
Mantua, a dignity to which the title of Count was attached. 
Filled with ambition, Matthioly not only hoped to reacquire 
the office of Secretary of State, but also to become the 
principal Minister of his young master. Knowing his posi- 
tion to be most precarious, he was ardently desirous of 

6 Unpublished letter from Matthioly to the Empress Eleonora of 
Austria: — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 5 ; 
Arbor prisciB nobUisque masculina familice de Malthiolis : — Archives of 
the Empire, M. 746; V Italia 7-egnante, di Gregorio Leri, partiii., 
Geneva, 1676, duodecimo, pp. 161-173. 



THE ABBE D'ESTRADES. 259 

rendering him one of those signal services which justify the 
highest rewards, and an occasion offered itself during the 
latter months of the year 1677. 

The Abbd d'Estrades,^ then ambassador of Louis XIV. 
to the Venetian Republic, was as ambitious and as restless 
as Matthioly. Belonging to a family of diplomates, and 
anxious to become illustrious in his turn, he had the cunning 
to enter resolutely into the views of the Court of Versailles, 
and knowing very well, moreover, that his conduct would 
be approved, to concoct the intrigue which was to end 
in the cession of Casaleto the King of France. Having 
long since been acquainted with the condition of the Court of 
Mantua and with the individuals holding the chief rank in it, 
he cast his eyes upon Matthioly as being, from his character, 
the most likely to embrace the project of surrender, and 
by using his influence over his master, to induce him to 
adopt it. But before entering directly into communication 
with Matthioly, he sent to Verona, where the latter fre- 
quently resided, one Giuliani,'' a perfectly sure man, whom 

8 Son of Godfefroi, Count d'Estrades, long employed in diplomatic 
negotiations in Holland and appointed a Marshal of France on the death, 
of Turenne. — Trans. 

t -A despatch iirom Varengeville, ambassador at Venice, to Pom- 
porme, July i, 1679, given by Delort, states that Giuhani " is a little 
editor of newspapers, in whose shop the letters of news are written, as 
it is not the custom here [Venice] to print them. He works at this 
himself, as well as at copying for the public ; and his situation in this 
town answers to that of the Secretaries of St. Innocent at Paris. There- 
fore it would be a very improper thing to give a secretaryship of 
embassy to a man of this profession [as the Abbe d'Estrades had pro- 
posed to do], who, besides, in other respects, does not appear to me fit 
to properly fill such an employment. . . . But as he is a sort of ferret 
who works oiit and gets at all that is passing, I think it is necessary to 
encourage his zeal by some such gratification as forty or fifty pistoles i» 
year, or whatever shall be approved of by his Majesty." — Trans.\ 



26o THE MAN WITH "THE IRON MASK. 

his occupation of journalist obliged to travel from place to 
place to collect news, and whose stay at Verona conse- 
quently would not excite suspicion. Giuliani had Matthioly 
watched, and, observing him himself, ascertained his aver- 
sion to the Spaniards, from whom he had never received 
anything but hopes. By degrees the connection became 
closer, and Giuliani was able to indicate to him without 
danger the plans of the Abbd d'Estrades, the pecuniary 
advantages which the Duke of Mantua would derive from 
the surrender of Casale to Louis XIV., and the security 
as well as the honour of an alliance with so powerful 
a sovereign. Matthioly leapt at the proposition,^ and 
undertook to expound it to the Duke, whom he had no 
great difficulty in convincing. The intercourse soon became 
more direct. Giuliani saw Charles IV. at Mantua, and it 
was agreed that an interview between the latter and the 
Abbd d'Estrades might take place at Venice with all the 
more secrecy, "as, in consequence of the Carnival, every 
one, even the Doge, the oldest Senators, the Cardinals, and 
the Nuncio, goes about masked." ° Louis XIV. and M. de 
Pomponne, his Minister,io congratulated the Abbd d'Estrades 



8 Despatches from the Abbe d'Estrades to Louis XIV., Decem- 
ber l8, 1677 ; from the same to Pomponne, December 24, 1677 ; 
January I and 29, 1678. These have been given by Delort, as well as all 
those to which the word "unpublished" is not prefixed. Delort had 
seen and made use of the Mantua and Venice series, but not of that of 
Savoy, in which the most curious and interesting are to be found, be- 
cause the Abb^ d'Estrades, after having filled the post of ambassador 
at Venice, was sent in the same capacity to Turin. 

8 Despatch from D'Estrades to Loiiis XIV., December 18, 1677. 

1" Simon Arnaud de Pomponne, Secretary of State for Foreign 
Affairs at this epoch. In spite of his admittedly high character, he 



D'ESTRADES MEETS CHARLES IV. 261 

with effusion on the propitious commencement of this deli- 
cate negotiation,^! and on January 12, 1678, the King him- 
self did not disdain to write to Count Matthioly, in order to 
thank him.i^ 

Matthioly and Charles IV., in fact, proceeded to Venice. 
They first discussed with the Abb^ the price of the surrender, 
which was fixed at 100,000 crowns," payable after the 
■exchange of the ratifications of the treaty, and in two sums 
at three months' interval. At midnight on March 13, 1678," 
the Ambassador of the King of France and the Duke of 
Mantua met, as if by chance, in the middle of a public 
square on leaving a ball, and there, away from every 
inquisitive ear, and concealed from every glance by a mask 
similar to those then worn by all noblemen at Venice, con- 
versed for quite an hour concerning the conditions of the 
treaty, the payments of the stipulated price, and the manner 
in which Louis XIV. should defend Charles IV. against the 
effects of the resentment of the Venetian Republic and the 

fell into, disgrace in the course of the following year, mainly through 
the intrigues of Colbert, with whom he was at enmity, and whose 
brother was promoted to his post. — Trans. 

" Letters from Louis XIV. and Pomponne to the Abbe d'Eslrades, 
January 12, 1678. 

12 " Monsieur le Comte Matthioli, — " I have perceived from 
ihe letter that you have written to me, and from what my ambassador, 
ihe Abbe d'Estrades,- has informed me, the regard that you show for my 
interests. You cannot doubt but that I am much obliged to you for it, 
and that I shall have much pleasure in giving you proofs of my satis- 
faction upon every occasion. Referring you, therefore, to what will be 
-said to you more particularly on my behalf by the Abbe d'Estrades, 
I shall not lengthen this letter more than to pray God that he will have 
jou, Monsieur le Comte Matthioli, in his holy keeping. 

" Louis." 

18 12,500/. — Trans. 

" Despatch from D'Estrades to Louis XIV., March 19, 167S. 



262 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Spaniards. Distrustful as were the Italian princes, disposed 
as the Venetian Republic may have been to suspect an 
intrigue, and prevent so dangerous an intervention as that 
of the King of France in the north of Italy, numerous and 
accomplished as were the spies who swarmed in Venice, it 
was in this same city, almost under the very eyes of the 
representatives of the. different powers, that the bases of a 
treaty which was one of the most menacing to the indepen- 
dence of the Peninsula, were settled, in a mysterious and 
impenetrable manner. 

With the same precautions, and always without attracting 
the attention of the other princes, Charles IV. saw the 
Abbd d'Estrades several times afterwards. It was arranged 
between them that Matthioly should proceed secretly to 
France, and that he should sign at Versailles, in the name 
of his master, the definitive treaty which would permit 
Louis XIV. to penetrate into the north of Italy. This 
journey of Matthioly's was delayed for some months, first 
by a rather lengthened illness, which kept him at Mantua, 
then by Louis XIV.'s desire to defer till the following spring, 
— that is, till April, 1679, — the despatch of his troops to 
Casale.i'' At the end of October, 1678, Count Matthioly 
and Giuliani, in order to avert suspicion, announced their 
intention of paying a visit to Switzerland, and, in fact, 
proceeded thither, traversed it,is and arrived in Paris on 
November 28. At once placed in communication with 

^^ Letters from Pomponne to D'Estrades, April 13, 1678 ; from 
D'Estrades to Pomponne, April 30, May 21, and June 11, 1678 ; from 
Pomponne to D'Estrades, June 15 and 22 ; Letters from Pinchesne, 
Secretary of the French Embassy at Venice, to Pomponne, Sep^ 
tember 3 and 17, 1678. 

^' Letter from Pinchesne to Pomponne, November 19, 1678. 



THE TREATY FOR CEDING CASALE. 263 

M. de Pomponne, Minister of Exterior Relations, they 
discussed, and drew up in the most profound secrecy, the 
treaty of cession, which was signed on Decenaber 8,1'' and 
which stated : — 

I St. That the Duke of Mantua should receive French 
troops into Casale ; 

2nd. That he should be named Generalissimo of any 
French army which Louis XIV. might send into Italy ; 

3rd. And that after the execution of the treaty the 
sum of 100,000 crowns should be paid to the prince.^^ 

Immediately after the signing of this document, Matthioly 
was received by Louis XIV.. with the most flattering dis- 
tinction in a secret audience. The King presented him with 
a valuable diamond in remembrance of his visit, caused him 
to be paid 400 double louis," and promised him that after 
the ratification of the treaty he should receive a much larger 
sum for his reward, as well as a place for his son among the 
King's pages, and a rich abbey for his brother.^" 

No intrigue was ever better conducted or had more 
chances of success. In Piedmont a court divided, powerless, 
and almost servilely devoted to France ; in the remainder 
of Italy, as in Piedmont, princes kept in the most complete 
ignorance ; in Mantua a duke perfectly ready to sell a 
portion of his states ; lastly, the two ambassadors charged 
with the negotiation of this affair having an equal interest in 
its success, since it would enrich one and assure to both the 
gratitude of their masters, and a high position. 

^^ Letter from Pomponneto Pinchesne, December 2, 1678. 
18 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua. 
" Idol.— Trans. 

20 Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, Italian 
Manuscript of Giuliani. 



264 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK 

Two months after Matthioly's visit to France, the courts 
of Turin, Madrid, and Vienna, the Spanish Governor of 
the Milanese, and the State Inquisitors of the Venetian 
RepubHc — that is to say, all those who were most interested 
in opposing this project — were acquainted with the minutest 
details of it, and were ignorant neither of the price to be 
paid for the surrender, the time at which it was to take 
place, nor the names of the negotiators. In one word, they 
knew everything, for at different times ^^ they had received 
the confidence of the better informed of the participators 
in this intrigue, of Count Matthioly himself 

By what motive was he actuated ? Must we see in this 
treason an act inspired by base cupidity ? Was Matthioly a 
rogue, who, after having received Louis XIV.'s money, pre- 
ceeded to sell himself by turns to the Austrians, the Spaniards, 
the Venetians, and the Piedmontese ? Or, disquieted in 
mind and suddenly struck by the apparition of his country in 
danger, was he seized with remorse at the moment of barter- 
ing her away, and did he seek the only means of preserving 
her from the encroachments of an ambitious King ? Was he 
an intriguer, a low informer, or a man struggling, between 
two opposing sentiments, whose greedy ambition had first 
led him to assist his master's criminal projects, and whose 
patriotism had then suddenly determined him to cause them 
to miscarry ? These are questions which nobody will ever 
be able to answer, because nobody ever received his con- 
fidences. It is, however, worthy of remark, that if cupidity 
alone had been Matthioly's motive, he would have stooped 

^' Despatches from D'Estrades to the King, which will be referred 
to hereafter : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section 
Savoy, 68. 



MATTHIOLY DECEIVES LOUIS XIV. 265 

to the execution of the treaty of Casale, since this offered 
him many more material advantages than he could hope for 
from a sudden change of conduct. That Matthioly should 
be designated a rogue in the despatches afterwards ex- 
changed between the Court of Versailles and the French 
representatives in Italy, is not at all , astonishing ; this anger 
was the natural consequence of a bitter disappointment. 
But the fact that there was room for a more noble motive, 
and that a patriotic inspiration was possible, is sufficient to 
prevent us from unreservedly condemning this man, who 
perhaps thought to save his country. No doubt he ought 
to have cast aside all the appearances of knavery, to have 
returned Louis XIV. his presents, to have first dissuaded 
Charles IV., and if the latter had persisted in introducing 
the French army into Italy, then, and then only, to have 
revealed the danger to the other princes. In this case it 
would have been necessary to do it openly, with frankness, 
without dissimulation, and by informing the Abbe d'Estrades 
of what would have no longer been a treason, but a truly 
patriotic act. Was, however, such a line of conduct open 
to Matthioly, surrounded with spies, watched over and 
having to fear a power so formidable as France, and a 
re„2ntment so dangerous as Louis XIV.'s? Must we 
altogether blame him if he could not strip his character of 
all its craftiness and duplicity, and if, amid the dishonouring 
appearances of treason, he thought to perform an honourable 
act ? To the present time people have seen in him only 
a contemptible cheat, but however weak the contrary pre- 
sumption may be, do not let us altogether reject it. Let us 
cease to place ourselves only in the French point of view, 
and by considering the peril to which Italy would have 



266 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

been exposed by the cession of Casale, let us not refuse to 
suppose that Matthioly, by preventing it, understood, perhaps, 
the interest of his country better than his own, and that, 
into a mind naturally greedy, a noble and disinterested 
sentiment was able to penetrate. 



( 26; ) 



CHAPTER XX. 

The Regent of Savoy's Perplexity — She discloses Matthioly's Conduct 
to Louis XIV. — Arrival of Catinat at Pignerol — Arrest of the 
Baron d'Asfeld and his Imprisonment at Milan — The Abbe 
d'Estrades the First to conceive the Project of Matthioly's Abduc- 
tion — Despatches of the Abbe d'Estrades detailing the Abduction 
and the Incarceration of Matthioly — Means adopted in order to 
recover the official Documents connected with the Negotiation — 
Mystery surrounding Matthioly's Disappearance — His family Dis- 
persed and remaining silent and powerless. 

The regent of Savoy was the first ' to whom Matthioly gave 
information. On December 31, 1678, she not only received 
his confidence, but also had communicated to her all the 
original documents relating to the negotiation, and took 
copies of them. She was alike very pleased at knowing of 
this intrigue, and very much embarrassed as to the line of 
conduct she ought to pursue. Piedmont, indeed, had most 
to suffer from the surrender of Casale to Louis XIV. To 
oppose the execution of this project by arms, was far from 
the wish of this princess and far beyond the forces at her 
disposal. To place obstacles in the way of it exposed her 
to the resentment of the King of France. After having 
hftilated for a long time, and not doubting but that 
Matthioly would, without delay, make the same revelations 

1 Matthioly first addressed himself to President Traccki, ex-Minister 
of Finance to the Regent, then to the latter. 



268 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to the Spaniards and Austrians as he had to her, she pre- 
ferred to leave to Spain and to the Empire the dangerous 
task of arresting Louis XIV.'s encroaching ambition in 
Italy. But to preserve silence and prudently await the 
result of the struggle, either armed or diplomatic, which 
seemed likely to ensue, was not in accordance with the 
frivolous character and general incapacity of this princess. 
To whom, then, was she to confide this weighty and em- 
barrassing secret ? She was too little of an Italian to 
resolve to make it known at Milan, Venice, and Florence, 
and thus provoke a coalition of the various interests which 
were menaced. So it was to Louis XIV. himself that she 
revealed Matthioly's confidences.^ In this manner, she 
secured to herself the merit of obliging a powerful sovereign,- 
whose friendship she retained without having anything to 
fear from him, thanks to the vigorous measures which the 
courts of Vienna and Madrid would be compelled to take. 
She deceived herself, however, in a portion of her calcula- 
tions ; since it was not till two months afterwards that 
Matthioly, on seeing the uselessness of his confession to 
the regent, and learning that Louvois was continuing his 
preparations for entering into Casale, resolved to inform 
the Austrians, Venetians, and Spaniards.^ If he had not 
done so, the King of France, meeting with no obstacle, and 
having received the Duchess of Savoy's valuable piece of 
intelligence, would have immediately taken possession of 

^ Archives of the Ministry of War, 686 ; Archives of the Ministry of 
Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 4 ; Instructions given to M. de Gomont, 
ambassador to the Duke of Mantua. 

8 Letter from M. de Gomont to Louis XIV., May 14, 1680 ; copy 
of Letter from Matthioly to the Empress Eleonora of Austria : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 5 and li. 



LOUIS XIV. INFORMED OF MATTHIOLY'S TREASON. 269 

Casale. Louis XIV. was greatly moved, and with reason 
felt very grateful to the regent for her course of action. 
He expresses in his despatches sentiments of gratitude and 
of esteem towards the Duchess of Savoy, whilst he stigma- 
tizes what he terms the treason of the knave. But, deceived 
as he had been by the one and enlightened by the other, 
was he in a position to Judge properly the conduct of these 
two individuals ? And, to place ourselves in another point 
of view to his, we may ask who most compromised the true 
interests of this country, the man whose information — 
sold,-* it is true, but well-timed — suddenly aroused the other 
princes to vigilance; or the princess, who, more French than 
Italian, hastened to communicate this valuable confidence 
to Italy's most redoubtable and menacing enemy ? 

The regent's letter reached Louis XIV. in the middle 
of the month of February, 1679. The King's disappoint- 
ment and wrath were so much the more lively since his 
plans were already in course of execution. All those who 
were to play a part in the dino-^mmt of this business were 
not only appointed, but were actually at their posts. The 

■■ The following is the only document which establishes the fact 
that Matthioly received payment from tlie Spaniards and Venetians. 
It will be remarked that the information-given by D'Estrades reached 
him very indirectly : — 

" I must not omit to infonn your Majesty that Father Ranzoni 
(a spy) has told Juliani (a spy) that his father had assured him that the 
Spaniards had given 4, 000 pistoles [ 1 , 600/. ] to Mattioli * as a reward for 
having discovered to them the whole of the Casale business, and for 
having pointed out M. d'Asfeld to them, and that he had also received 
money from the Venetians for the same reason." — Unpublished despatch 
from the Abbe d'Estrades to'Louis XIV., March 16, 1680 :— Archives 
of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Savoy, 70. 

* The variation in the spelling of this name in the different de- 
spatches is followed exactly. — Trans. 



270 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

far-sighted Louvois, who, previous to Napoleon, was, per- 
haps, the man who possessed in the highest degree the 
genius of organization and tlie spirit of detail, had drawn 
up — a quality in which he excelled — the whole plan of the 
operation. His orders, clear, precise, and minute, had been 
punctually followed. Numerous troops, under the command 
of the Marquis de Boufflers, Colonel-General of Dragoons, 
were assembled at Briangon ready to cross the frontier.^ 
The Baron d'Asfeld,^ Colonel of Dragoons, left for Venice, 
on the mission of exchanging in that city the ratification of 
the treaty.'' Catinat,^ then Brigadier of Infantry, arrived 
from Flanders, where he had already served with distinction, 
and proceeded with the greatest secrecy to Pignerol. Saint- 
Mars had been enjoined 9 to leave the postern of the citadel 
open, to meet himself the mysterious traveller, and to con- 
duct him into the donjon in such a manner that nobody 
might be able to suspect his presence there. This sham 
prisoner was even obliged to change his name, and the 
despatches addressed to him bore that of Richemont instead 
of Catinat.'" Everything had been marvellously well con- 

5 Mimoire de Chamlay on the events of 1678 to i588 : — Archives of 
the Ministry of War, 1 183. 

^ I am not sure vifhether I am correct in imagining that this was 
the Marshal d'Asfeld, who distinguished himself at the battle of 
Almanza, and died at a great old age in 1743. — (G. Agar Ellis.) 

' Letter from Pomponne to Pinchesne, December 30, 1678 : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 

8 Nicholas de Catinat, Marshal of France in 1698. " He united, " says 
Voltaire, "philosophy to great military talents. The last day he com- 
manded in Italy, he gave for the watchword, ' Paris and Saint-Gratien,' 
the name of his country-house. He died there in the retirement of a 
real sage (having refused the blue ribbon), in 1712." — (G. Agar Ellis.) 

^ Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, December 29, 1678 : — 
Archives of the Ministry of War. 

1" Hid., February 15, 1679 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 



THE EXECUTION OF THE TREATY DELAYED. 271 

ceived, everything was prepared, everything foreseen, save 
what the Government of Versailles termed the treason of 
Matthioly. 

Nevertheless, the Duchess of Savoy's communication did 
not entirely destroy Louis XIV.'s hopes ; so he refrained from 
informing the Abbd d'Estrades, who had been transferred 
from the embassy of Venice to that of Turin. He wished 
to look upon these first disclosures as only a commence- 
ment of treason, — an accident to be regretted, it is true, but 
one of which the consequences might perhaps be neutra- 
lized by exercising a pressure upon the Uuke of Mantua, 
and by endeavouring to intimidate Matthioly. But the 
latter had become as laconic in his letters as he was in- 
exact in keeping his appointments. The Abb^ d'Estrades, 
very much preoccupied with the result of a negotiation of 
which he had been the life and soul, only suspected a 
treason the full reality of which he was not yet acquainted 
with. He sent courier after courier to M. de Pinchesne at 
Venice, to Mantua for Matthioly, to the principal towns 
of Italy for Duke Charles IV. ; and from all these diffel-ent 
places he received the most unsatisfactory intelligence. 
Sometimes Matthioly declared that he was detained at 
Verona by the state of his health. At others, Charles IV. 
was attracted to Venice by the desire of assisting at a 
carrouseiy^ It was not that the Duke formally refused to 
execute the treaty of surrender, but that new obstacles were 
continually being raised by the very person who till then 
had undertaken the direction of this affair — by Matthioly 
himself j and the young prince, thoughtless and frivolous, 



" Letter from M. de Pinchesne to M. de Pomponne, February 18, 
1679 : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign ASfairs, section Venice. 



272 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

of a very versatile disposition, and devoting himself to 
scarcely anything but pleasure, was very glad to endorse his 
favourite's views. Suddenly the news arrived at Turin that 
Baron d'Asfeld had been arrested by the governor of the 
Milanese while proceeding to Increa in order to exchange 
the ratifications there with Matthioly, and that he was 
detained a prisoner by the Spaniards. ^^ However signifi- 
cant this arrest may have been, the Court of Versailles did 
not yet despair. Catinat received orders to undertake the 
mission at first confided to D'Asfeld, and to start for Increa, 
whither Matthioly was also invited to proceed." The sham 
Richemont, accompanied by Saint-Mars, who adopted the 
name and dress of an officer belonging to Pignerol, left 
the citadel by night, and, with numerous precautions, 
repaired to the place of meeting. But there they awaited 
Matthioly in vain, and after many adventures, after having 
run the risk of being arrested by a detachment from the 
garrison of Casale, after having been compelled to appear 
before the governor of that place, and having preserved 
their incognito with difficulty, they at last returned to 
Pignerol, very happy at not having been recognized, but 
without bringing back the instrument of surrender." 

From this moment the doubts of the Abb^ d'Estrades 
were changed into certainty, and it was then that he first 
conceived the idea of Matthioly's abduction. It is worthy 
of remark that it so happened with this prisoner as with 



12 Letter from M. de Pinchesne to M. de Pomponne, March II, 1679 : 
— Archives of Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Venice. 

13 Letter from M. de Pomponne to Matthioly, March 14, 1669. 

1* Letter from Catinat, under the name of Richemont, to Louvois, 
April 15, 1679. 



jD'estrades begins to suspect MATTHIOLY. 273 

Avedick. Louis XIV. approved the conduct of d'Estrades 
as he was afterwards to ratify that of Ferriol. But it is his 
ambassadors who have executed the project of abduction, 
even before receiving the authorisation for doing so. This 
is clear from the evidence of the despatches which we are 
about to quote. It is, in truth, necessary to allow the 
principal author of this act of violence to speak for himself, 
which we shall do hereafter more than once ; for, on ap- 
proaching the conclusion of this work, we desire the reader 
to be self-convinced, and thus to participate in the pleasure 
which the solution of a problem affords. Having spared 
him long but necessary researches, we shall in future often 
confine ourselves to being his guide ; and by now and then 
putting him on the right track, by contenting ourselves with 
indicating the goal, and furnishing the elements of the pur- 
suit, shall leave him all the gratification and all the merit of 
the success of our common enterprise. 

On April 8, 1679, D'Estrades writes to M. de Pom- 
ponne : — ^^ 

" It is easy to discern, from what one learns on 

many sides, that it is owing to Mattioli's indiscretion that 
this affair has become public, for it would be impossible for 
the particulars of it, and even those of his journey to Paris, 
and of the stay which he made there, to be so well known if 

he had not talked about them Still I am awaiting 

Mattioli's arrival here in order to see if one can rely upon his 
good faith, and if he is in a position to perform what he has 
promised. I shall have him so well watched that I shall know 

15 Unpublished despatch : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. 

18 



274 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

if he holds any communication with Madame de Savoy or 
with the Ministers, and I shall perhaps also find the means 
of being informed concerning what he may be treating of 
with them. I beg you, sir, to let me know if, in the event 
of there being no doubt of his perfidy, and of its being 
necessary to compel him by fear to put everything in train 
for keeping his word, the King will approve his being 
taken to Pignerol, which will not be at all difficult for me 
to accomplish without its attracting attention ; because, after 
his arrival there, without any one knowing that I had caused 
him to be abducted, it would be easy to say that he had 
gone of his own accord. Nevertheless, I shall not think 
of doing this until I have received your orders, and it 
would only be after haying lost all hope with regard to him 
that we should adopt these measures." 

On April 22,'° M. de Pomponne replies to him : — 

" Sir, I shall commence by replying to the two letters 
which you have been at the pains to write me on the 
8th of the present month concerning the affair of Count 
Mattioli. His behaviour is sufficient to make us believe 
that he is a rogue ; but, in order to assure you the better 
of it, his Majesty orders me to confide to you, under the 
seal of secrecy, what has occurred with reference to this 
matter. On the occasion of his' journey to Turin, he in- 
formed the Duchess of Savoy generally of the papers with 
which he was charged, and of everything which had been 
arranged with him here. He has since given the same 
information to the Inquisitors of Venice, and caused 

18 Unpublished despatch: — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. 



HE PROPOSES TO KIDNAP HIM. 275 

M. d'Asfeld to be arrested during his journey in the 
Milanese, by the information which he gave to Count de 
Melgar. As he thinks that all this knavery is unknown, 
he has been in the habit of trifling with M. de Pinchesne, 
and you see by the letters which he writes to you that he 
wishes to trifle with you in the same manner. As he pro- 
poses to visit you at Turin, his Majesty does not wish you 
to let him know that you are acquainted with his conduct. 
You will continue to let him think that you are deceived, 
and you will make use of your apparent confidence, and of 
that which you will assure him the King continues to have, 
in order to endeavour to obtain the ratification of the treaty. 
He has stated at Venice that he has it in his possession. 
Perhaps he has it still. It is important to exert all your 
skill to obtain it from him. The King does not consider it 
advisable to cause the scandal of having him taken to 
Pignerol as you propose. The only case in which you 
could employ menaces and fear, would be if you were cer- 
tain that he really possessed the ratification, and you con- 
sidered these means necessary, in order to compel him to 
give it up to you. There is scarcely any room for doubt 
that, if he goes to Turin, he will see the Duchess of Savoy 
and will keep out of your way. You will not appear to take 
any notice of it, and you will not let this princess know that 
you are informed of this matter, although it is she herself 
who has given information concerning it to his Majesty." 

The same day^'' the Abbd d'Estrades urges upon the 
Government of Versailles the necessity of granting the 
authorisation to kidnap Matthioly. 

" Unpublished despatch : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. 



276 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

" I believe that what I have already had the 

honour of stating to the King proves Mattioli's perfidy suffi- 
ciently clearlyj he has been here for the last four days, and 
has come to see me with great precautions, as if he had much 
interest in concealing himself; nevertheless, every morning he 
has had conferences with a person named Tarin, who is the 
man that Madame R. ^^ sent to Padua to ascertain what 
it was he had to communicate to her ; he has insinuated a 
thousand falsehoods in his conversations with him ; he has 
wished to have it believed that he saw me every day, although 
I have only spoken to him once ; and that the Duke of 
Mantua had sent him here in order to declare to me that this 
Prince could not keep his word to his Majesty on the subject 
of the Casale treaty. Whilst I have been writing this des- 
patch, Mattioli has again come to see me, and the manner in 
which he has spoken to me has so clearly shown me his 
bad faith, that, even if I could possibly have had any doubt 
concerning it, he would have left me in no uncertainty; he 
has proposed to me some ridiculous schemes which would 
tend only to involve his Majesty in fresh embarrassments ; 
he has told me that he leaves to-morrow in order to have 
an interview with the governor of Casale, who was pressing 
him strongly to visit him, and who hoped that the place 
■ would soon be in the hands of the King ; as he has assured 
me that he would return during the present week at the 
latest, and, as I know that a few days afterwards he is to 
go back to Venice, I have not time to await his Majesty's 
orders to arrest him. It is, nevertheless, so important to 
do this, that there remains to me only to think of the means 
of executing the design without scandal, with the view that 

18 Royale, the Duchess of Savoy. — Tram. 



DUCHESS OF SA VOY APPROVES THE SCHEME. 277 

the rumours which would ensue should not revive those 
which have been caused by the affair which he was negotiat- 
ing, and of its not being known what had become of him. 
I have thought that it was impossible for me to succeed in 
this, except by entrusting Madame Royale with the secret, 
since I could not make certain of the person of Mattioli in 
Turin or in the States of the Duke of Savoy, without 
resorting to a violence at which she would show herself 
offended, and by whatever pretext I might have wished to 
attract him towards Pignerol, this Princess, whom he in- 
forms of all that passes between himself and me, would 
have warned him, no doubt, to take care of himself ; I have 
seen myself compelled to act thus, from what she said to 
me two days ago, that since Mattioli was here, he might 
dwell at Pignerol or take a stroll in France for longer than 
he imagined, I replied she was so enlightened that I thought 
I ought not to neglect the idea which she gave me ; that I 
would reflect upon it, and that, meanwhile, I begged of her 
in the name of the King not to mention anything which 
could imperil the effect of the resolution which I might take 
for his Majesty's service, but that I would not execute it 
without communicating with her. She promised me this, 
and, after having thanked me for having been so willing to 
act in concert with her, she charged me to behave in such 
a way that Mattioli should not be arrested on her territories, 
so that she might not have to reproach herself with having 
delivered up a man who, although guilty of a treason, had, 
nevertheless, confided in her. I was this morning with 
Madame Royale, and, after having represented to her that it 
was of extreme consequence that Mattioli should be put in a 
place where he could no longer pay his court to the Spaniards 



278 THE MAM WITH THE IRON MASK. 

and Venetians by means of the false confidences which I 
knew him to be making to them every day, I have assured, 
her that I would arrange my plans in such a way that he 
would be taken to Pignerol without his having any suspicion 
of it till he was out of the States of her Royal Highness, and 
on the point of entering the place ; she has shown herself 
satisfied with my assurance, and she has said to me that I 
could plainly see that she was contributing as much as 
possible to what would be of service to the King, since she 
had not dissuaded Mattioli from the visit which he had made 
here, and of which he had advised her, although she had never 
had the smallest doubt of what would befall him through it. 
" Besides the reasons. Sir, which I have already ex- 
plained to you, I have since had some news tending to 
determine me to seize Mattioli ; first, I know that he has 
been unwilling to give up to the Duke of Mantua the 
originals of the papers relating to the treaty, no matter what 
pressure this Prince, who has only copies of them, may have 
put upon him, and that he retains them in order to show 
them to those from whom he wishes to extract money, and 
who would not believe him upon slighter proofs. Juliani 
[Giuliani] has written to me that D. Joseph Varano, who 
stands very well with M. de Mantua, and who has always 
manifested his desire that his master should place himself 
under the King's protection by means of the treaty of 
Casale, and to whom my letter will be delivered, and not to 
Vialardi, as I had informed you — having in writing used one 
name for the other — was to have an interview with him 
about this affair, and that he will assuredly not enter into 
any engagement whilst Mattioli is at liberty. Lastl}-, I 
have received information from Milan that the Duke of 



REASONS FOR ARRESTING MATTHIOLY. 279 

Mantua has asked the Spaniards for six hundred thousand 
crowns,'" declaring to them that not being able to fortify 
Casale without it, he would not answer for the safe custody 
of this place, and that the Count de Melgar, who was 
willing to give them to him, was making useless efforts to 
raise them, and that he will not obtain them ; so that it is 
probable that this Prince, who is only looking out for 
money, on losing the hope of getting it from Spain, will 
listen to the offers made him on behalf of the King, and 
that his Majesty will find himself in possession of an 
important place, which will always remain in his hands, 
through the death of the Duke of Mantua, whose health is 
so ruined by his debauches, by the incurable diseases pro- 
duced by them, and by the poison which it is publicly stated 
was given him a little while since — that according to all 
appearances he cannot have long to live. One may add 
that if this Prince should happen to die before the execution 
of the treaty, his Majesty would have the right of doing 
himself justice by producing M. de Mantua's letter, and the 
full powers which sufficiently authorise the articles which 
have been agreed on, but it is necessary for this purpose to 
get them out of Mattioh's hands, which cannot be done if 
we do not make ourselves masters of his person, since he 
never carries them about with him. 

" Such, Sir, are the motives which oblige me not to 
allow him to escape, and in order to succeed in the affair, I 
have written to M. de Catinat that it is necessary that we 
should see one another at the beginning of the present 
week ; I shall inform him at length of the state in which 
matters are, and shall tell him to select me a place near to 

18 75,000/. — Trans. 



2So THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Pignerol, whither I can proceed with Mattioli on a given 
day, when he shall have returned from the visit which he 
has paid to Casale, and to send there secretly a few men 
well armed, because I know that he always carries two 
pistols in his pockets with two others and a poignard in his 
belt ; I shall conduct him to this place in my carriage under 
the pretext of having a conference with M. Catinat, and I 
have already so well inclined him to it that he has testified 
to me his desire for it ; as I have spoken to him in such a 
way as to remove all kind of suspicion, and as he affects to 
fear lest the intercourse which we- have with one another 
here should be discovered, he has of himself entered into all 
the precautions that I have wished to take, and we have 
agreed, in order to avoid the accidents which might happen, 
that we will only meet M. Catinat [at a spot] both out of 
sight of Pignerol and of the States of the Duke of Savoy ; 
it is there also that I hope to place him in good hands, and 
I have no doubt but that M. de Saint-Mars will be very 
willing to receive him on M. Catinat's report and my word, 
at least until it shall have pleased his Majesty to order 
otherwise. ***** 

" I am, etc. 

" L'Abb£ P'Estrades.'" 

On April 29 20 D'Estrades returns to the charge, and 
adduces the strong reasons which he considers ought to 
determine Matthioly's arrest : — 

" Juliany (Giuliani) has told me that he has spoken to 
Don Joseph Varano, who has promised him to do his 

^ Unpublished despatch : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. 



LOUIS XIV. CONSENTS TO THE ARREST. 28 1 

Utmost to renew the affair of Casale, but that at present 
M. de Mantua did not wish to hear anything spoken of 
except capturing or killing Mattioli, who, he complains, 
has betrayed him. He has learnt from this same Varano 
that what most disquieted M. de Mantua was, that Mattioli 
had made him ratify the treaty, and that he had kept posses- 
sion of the ratification with all the other papers concern- 
ing this affair; so that when we are masters of Mattioli's 
person, we will compel him to give up this ratification 
together with the rest. And so. Sir, you see of what conse- 
quence it is to arrest him. I no longer hesitate, moreover, 
about doing it, especially since I have seen that M. Catinat, 
with whom I had an interview two days ago, and with whom 
I have taken all the necessary measures, considered, after 
what I had told him concerning everything, that the execu- 
tion of this resolution ought not to be delayed. I hope 
that in four or five days' time it will be a settled affair, and 
I shall inform you of the manner in which it has been 
accomplished. It seems to me that when one has obliged 
Mattioli to deliver up among the other papers the ratifica- 
tion of M. de Mantua, if he has indeed given it to this man, 
the King will have the right to demand the execution of the 
ratified treaty, in the event of this Prince not wishing to 
take the ways of agreeableness and negotiations." 

At length, on April 28, Louis consents to the arrest.^i 
But when his orders arrive at Turin, Matthioly had already 
been carried off since May 2. 

" I must inform you," wrote D'Estrades to Pomponne, 

21 Unpublished despatches from Pomponne to D'Estrades, April 28 
and 30, 1679. 



282 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

"in what manner I have brought Mattioli into a secure 
place. I have already had the honour to acquaint you that 
I had been studious to exhibit towards him entire confidence, 
and to cause him to entertain the desire of having an inter- 
view with M. Catinat ; Giuliani, who arrived here three or 
four days ago, and whose fidelity to speak truly deserves to 
be taken into consideration, furnished me with a new means 
which was very useful. He told me that Mattioli had 
informed him that the expenses of numerous journeys, and 
the presents which he had been obliged to give to M. de 
Mantua's mistresses in order to render them favourable, had 
exhausted his resources, and that he was at present without 
money ; Giuliani did not hesitate to promise that I would 
let him have what he might require, and on this intelligence 
I told him [Matthioly] in confidence that we had only to 
seek expedients to renew our afifair ; and that provided the 
Duke of Mantua still had the same sentiments, it would not 
be difficult for us to promptly execute the treaty, since 
M. Catinat not only possessed the power to cause the troops 
destined for that purpose to arrive and to command them, 
but that he also had a very considerable sum to meet all 
the expenses that he might consider necessary, that Giuliani 
had represented to me the state in which he was, and that 
I would cause to be given to him whatever he might desire. 
I added that there was no need to have any false delicacy 
about it j that it was neither my money nor M. Catinat's 
which I was ofiering him, but his Majesty's, who did not 
believe that he could employ it better than for so important 
an affair. As he is one of the greatest rogues who have 
ever lived, this proposition made him extremely impatient 
to see M. Catinat ; and he pressed me with reasons which 



MATTHIOLVS ARREST. 283 

he at once concocted not to delay the conference that we 
were to have with him ; we made an appointment for the 
following day, Tuesday, the 2nd of the present month ; and 
I gave him a rendezvous half a mile from Turin in a church, 
whither I was to proceed and take him up in my carriage at 
six o'clock in the morning ; unfortunately there had been 
three days of very bad weather ; it was still raining heavily 
on that day, and as the streams of this country easily become 
swollen, we found one called the Guisiola, three miles from 
the place to which we had to go, the waters of which were 
so high that the horses could only cross it by swimming ; 
there was only a single bridge, which was half destroyed, and 
I was in despair at this hindrance. When after having 
perceived that it was absolutely necessary to repair the 
bridge with plaijks in order to be able to cross on foot, 
Mattioli worked at it with so much zeal, that in an hour 
we put it into a state to make use of it. 

" I profited by this opportunity to leave my carriage and 
servants at this spot, with the view that what I was about to 
do should be more secret, and we proceeded on foot along 
very bad roads to the place where we were expected. 
M. Catinat had so well arranged everything that no one but 
hirhself appeared ; he made us enter a room, and during the 
conversation I insensibly made Mattioli state what he 
had avowed to me two days previously, that he possessed all 
the original papers that concerned our affair, viz.: M. de 
Mantua's letter to the King, his Majesty's answer to him, 
the full powers of this Prince, the treaty which you had put 
into writing, the Marquis de Louvois' memorandum, and 
two signatures of M. de Mantua ; one at the bottom of the 
treaty so as to serve for the ratification, and the other at the 



284 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

bottom of a sheet of blank paper, on which to write an 
order to the governor of Casale to receive his Majesty's 
troops into his town whenever they might present themselves 
there ; he added that this Prince had since done all that he 
could to oblige him to return these papers, but that he had 
never been willing to go and find them, that he had only 
sent him copies, and had deposited the originals with his 
wife in a convent of nuns at Bologna, called Saint-Louis ; 
after having invited this confidence towards M. Catinat, I 
considered that my presence was no longer necessary, and 
when I had left he was arrested without disturbance. 

" I returned here with the Abbd de Montesquieu, my 
cousin-german whom I had taken with me for two reasons, 
which I trust his Majesty will approve. The first because I 
could not leave Turin alone without its being believed that 
I was not going to pay a visit as I had stated two days 
previously, 'and because I had already experienced that I 
had been watched during two or three drives I had expressly 
taken outside the town, with the view that people should not 
find it extraordinary when I wished to carry off Mattioli. 
The second and the strongest was, that all the precautions 
I had adopted in order to see M. Catinat at the Capucins, 
whose convent is outside tl\is town, on a mountain where 
there is no other house but theirs, not having prevented our 
interview from being known, and the Marquis de Saint- 
Maurice from speaking of it rather indiscreetly, I thought 
that I ought not to risk fresh conferences with him, and that 
it would be still more dangerous if I went to Pignerol ; 
which the Abbe de Montesquieu can do without attracting 
attention. Nevertheless I should not have made use of the 
latter, if during a stay of three years that we have made 



MA TTHIOL Y IS EXAMINED. 285 

together at Venice, I had not become acquainted with his 
discretion, his address, and especially his fideHty, sufficiently 
well to be able to answer for him as for myself ; it is this 
therefore which has obliged me to make him come here. And 
I have sent him this morning to Pignerol in consequence of 
the information which M. Catinat has given me, that he had 
twice interrogated Mattioli,^- who had proposed to get his 
father to come to the place where he had been arrested, so 
that he might oblige him to go and seek the papers which 
we demand and bring them to Pignerol. But since it is 
necessary to distrust everything that he says, and as he will 
douhtless not be able to sustain the sight of Giuliani 
when he is confronted with him, in consequence of all 
the knavery he has been guilty of, I have wished that 
he should accompany the Abbd de Montesquieu to Pignerol, 
so as to proceed from that place by M. Catinat's orders 
wherever Mattioli might declare the papers to be con- 
cealed. And thus that he who should be charged with this 
commission might not only be a safe man, but also have a 



22 Matthioly underwent three examinations, in the course of which 
he excused himself for having confided the secret of the treaty to the 
Court of Turin on the plea that he had been surprised into doing so 
by the President Tniccki, whom he described as an "insinuating and 
adroit man" professing much "affection for the interests of France." 
He admitted having received z,ooo livres from the court, and maintained 
that this was for services formerly rendered. He did not deny having 
spoken of the treaty to certain Venetians and to a partisan of Spain at 
Padua, but said he simply told them that the affair had failed ; while as 
regarded the representative of Austria at Venice, he saw that he knew 
all about the treaty from the Duke of Mantua at Venice. In short, 
Matthioly pretended generally that the reason the ratification had been 
delayed, was on account of the unwillingness of the Duke, acted upon 
by his mother and the Court of Vienna, to complete the affair : — Letters 
from Catinat to Louvois, quoted by M. Roux-Fazillac. — Trans. 



286 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

complete acquaintance with the country and know the 
language, so as to avoid any kind of accident. 

" Two days after Mattioli had been taken to the donjon 
of Pignerol, I caused his valet to be conducted thither with 
all his clothing and valises by means of one of my servants 
whom I had already lent to M. Catinat during the journey 
which he made to Casale ; for this I had taken the pre- 
caution to bear a letter from Mattioli which he had been 
made to write and in which he ordered this valet to come to 
him in a place where he was obliged to remain three or four 
days, and from which he was to depart without again pass- 
ing through Turin ; so that by this means one obtained all 
that Mattioli had brought here, without having recourse to 
violence. If I had made use of any other means, I should 
not haye been able to obtain anything from him, since he 
would never have been willing of himself to give up to me 
papers which he has so much difficulty in resolving to 
surrender even while he is in a condition to fear the punish- 
ment of his perfidy ; and if I had used towards him the least 
threat he would infallibly have left Turin the next day 
without its being possible to arrest him, except by causing a 
scandal which would have been very prejudicial." 

Among the papers seized on Matthioly's person, there 
were none of those which emanated from the Government 
of Versailles, such as the treaty signed by Pomponne, the 
instructions given by Louvois, the letter from Louis XIV. to 
the Duke of Mantua, and the latter's ratification. It was 
essential to obtain possession of these, so as to deprive the 
other powers of the irrefutable testimony of the King of 
France's attempt and failure. Matthioly at first gave 



MEANS TAKEN TO SECURE MATTHIOLVS PAPERS. 287 

incorrect information respecting the place where they were 
to be found. But having been threatened with torture,^' and 
then with death, the unfortunate Count finished by avowing 
that the famous papers were at Padua in a place which his 
father alone knew of. A letter was dictated to the prisoner, 
in which, without even allowing his lot to be suspected, he 
begged his father to give all the documents relating to the 
negotiation to the Sieur Giuhani, the bearer of the letter.^* 
Matthioly's father, ignora,nt that Giuliani was a spy, de- 
livered everything to him, and the astute messenger confided 

^ " I put hijn into the greatest possible fear of the torture if he 
did not speak the truth ; " — Letter from Catinat to Louvois, Arcliives 
of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. — Trans. 

^ Matthioly really wrote this letter, as will be seen by the annexed 
extract from a letter sent by Catinat to Louvois, and dated May lo, 
1679 : "I have made him write three letters for the purpose of getting 
possession of the original papers which are at Padua, which have been 
put into the hands of the Sieur Giuliani, by the advice of the Abbe 
d'Estrades, who places an entire confidence in him ; he will make use 
of these three letters as he shall judge most fit, according to the dispo- 
sition in which he shall find the father of the Sieur de Lestang. The 
first is only a letter of the Sieur de Lestang to his father, in which he 
acquaints him, that there are reasons which oblige him to remain at 
Turin, or in the neighbourhood, but that he may place an entire con- 
fidence in the Sieur Giuliani, and deliver to him such and such papers, 
of which I have made him give the inventory to the Sieur Giuliani. 
The second acquaints his father with the real state in which he is, and 
that it is important, as well for his life as for his honour, that his papers 
should be immediately delivered into the hands of the Sieur Giuliani. 
In the third, which is the last to be made use of,' in case the first two 
have no effect, he desires him to come to Turin, and tells him that at 
the house of the Abbe d'Estrades he will be instructed where he is, and 
the means to be employed to speak with him. The Sieur de Lestang 
has no doubt of being able, in this interview between him and his 
father, to persuade the latter to all he may wish. I have inspired him, 
with so great a fear of the punishments due to his bad conduct, that 
I find no repugnance in him to do all that I require of him : " — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. — Trans. 



288 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

to M. de Pinchesne, the representative of the King of 
France at Venice, the precious originals,*^ which were 

^ The ratification of the Duke of Mantua was not among them, 
but only several signatures in blank given by this Prince to Matthioly, 
on one of which the latter asserted that he was to have written the 
ratification. 

[These sheets signed in blank were never found. The papers re- 
covered by Giuliani comprised, in addition to the original treaty signed 
by Matthioly and M. de Pomponne, the instructions given to the 
former when he left the French Court, Louvois' written authority for 
Pomponne to treat with Matthioly, and a letter from Louis XIV. to the 
Duke of Mantua. " The ratification of the Duke of Mantua Is not to 
be found, although the Sieur de Lestang said it was amongst them ; 
whereupon I interrogated him, having first obtained all the advantage 
over him I could, by abusing him and bringing soldiers into his room as 
if preparatory to administering the question * to him, which made him 
so much afraid that he promised to really tell the truth. Being asked 
whether the Duke of Mantua had ratified the treaty, he answered that 
he had never subscribed to all the articles, but that he had got from 
him four blank papers signed, one of which was a blank paper, of two 
sheets, at the top of which he had written, ' Ratification of the treaty 
made with his Most Christian Majesty. ' That there were three other 
blank papers signed, of one sheet each, of which he intended to make 
use to write in the name of his master to the three governors of the 
town, citadel, and castle, to order them to receive the King's troops. 
Being asked where these papers signed in blank are at present, he 
answered, that they are in the hands of the Governor of Casale, to 
whom he sent them at the time that D'Asfeld left Venice. Being 
asked why he had sent them, without their being filled up, to the 
Governor of Casale, he answered he had sent them to him in a letter 
of Magnus, the Secretary of the Duke of Mantua, in which the 
Governor was ordered to do, without hesitation, all that should be told 
him regarding the execution of the orders contained in that packet, — 
that they were left blank, because he wished to make the ratification 
according to that of Jhe King, not knowing, as he says, the exact 
form in which it ought to have been made put. Being asked why in his 
first examination he had said that this ratification was at Padua ; he 
answered that he had not wished to tell where it was before Giuliani, 

• The first form of torture applied to prisoners to force them to 
confess. 



INUTILITY OF LOUIS XIF.'S PREPARATIONS. 289 

immediately forwarded to Versailles under cover of the 
embassy. 28 

Louis XIV. was avenged. Arrived at the zenith of his 
power, arbiter of the destinies of Europe, which was sub- 
missive and mute, audacious and mighty enough to arbi- 
trarily annex vast territories to France in time of peace, 
having, as yet, broken through all obstacles and triumphed 
over all resistance, this potentate had just been tricked by a 
petty minister of a petty Italian court. That one of liis 
projects, which seemed likely to succeed the best — thanks 
to the weakness as much as to the division or ignorance of 
his adversaries — that one of his projects, on the execution 
of which so many important consequences depended, and 
which he had long dreamed over and prepared with infinite 
precaution and care, suddenly failed through the most 
unforeseen of accidents — the disaffection of the principal 
agent of the matter. What a natural subject of raillery 
for Europe was so great an enterprise as this, resulting in 
an issue that was almost grotesque — the first check expe- 
rienced by the King of France, produced by so insignificant 
a cause — such disproportion between the importance of the 
preparations and their complete inutihty — the fear of so 
grave a peril replaced by the certainty of being delivered from 
it ! Louis XIV. endeavoured to save himself by destroying 

in order not to make him acquainted in any way with his intelligence 
■«-ith the governor : he added that he had never had any other rati- 
fication except that one ; and that whatever tortures might be inflicted 
on him, he could never tell anything more." — Letter from Catinat to 
Louvois, June 3, 1679 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. — Trans.'] 

26 Unpublished despatches from the Abbe'd'Estradesto Pomponne, 
May 13 and 27, and June 3, 1679 :— Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. Letter from Catinat to Louvois, June 3, 
igyg :_Archives of the Ministry of War. 

10 



ago THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

for ever the official proofs of liis attempt and failure, by- 
causing the chief culprit to disappear, and by recalling his 
troops in as secret a manner as he had assembled them at 
Briangon. He renounced his enterprise with such prompti- 
tude, that in some degree he seemed never to have com- 
menced it It was in vain that D'Estrades, who was so 
interested in the success of the negotiation, and caught at 
everything in order to prolong it, begged the Government 
of Versailles to leave him completely at liberty in this 
respect.27 The Minister's refusal was formal, and tinged 
both with pride and bitterness. " It is not his Majesty's 
intention," writes Pomponne to D'Estrades, August 4, 1679, 
"to follow the course you propose in this affair, nor to 
commit so great an enterprise to the measures you might be 
able to take. If he ever forms the design of pursuing it, 
you may be assured that those of -which he may make use will 
not fail him. So you need not venture to attempt anything 
in this matter." 2* No doubt the Court of Savoy was fully 

27 Unpublished letters from D'Estrades to Pomponne, June 10 and 
July I, 1679. 

28 Unpublished despatch, August 4, 1679 : — Archives of the Ministry 
of Foreign Affairs, section Savoy. The project for the surrender of 
Casale was revived two years later and put into execution, thanks 
to the skill of the Abb^ Morel, Minister of Louis XIV. to the Duke 
of Mantua, and without the intervention of the Abbe d'Estrades. 
On September 30, 1681, Louis XIV. 's troops entered Casale. We 
know what this policy led to, and how, at the peace of Ryswick, he 
was compelled to surrender everything, even Pignerol, his father's 
valuable conquest. However, Louis XIV. was well advised to break 
off the negotiation in 1679, since Marshal d'Estrades acquainted him, 
on March 1 1, from Nimeguen, ' ' that this new attempt was of a 
nature to defer the exchange of the ratifications of the treaty of general 
peace : " — Unpublished letter of the Marshal d'Estrades, Imperial 
Library, Manuscripts, Papiers du Markhal d'Estrades, -vol. txii. 
p. 1015 



MATTHIOLY REPORTED ACCIDENTALLY KILLED. 291 

aware of the intrigue, but Louis XIV. was master at Turin. 
No doubt Matthioly's voice had made itself heard at Venice 
and Milan, but it was now stifled for ever; and with the 
recollection of his warnings was to be mingled that of his 
mysterious disappearance, and a salutary fear caused by 
the strangeness of his fate. Moreover, however humiliated 
Louis XIV. may have been, he still employed most haughty 
language towards Madrid. He exacted and obtained from 
Spain the immediate release of Baron d'Asfeld, who was a 
prisoner at Milan, and also a formal disavowal of the 
governor who had ordered his arrest. For Louis XIV. 
it was then a check, but a check in part repaired by the 
prompt abandonment of his projects, and compensated for 
by the satisfaction of having rendered powerless and carried 
off, as it were, from the world, of having extinguished the 
only being who could bear witness to the first humiliation of 
a great King. The report was spread abroad that Matthioly 
had died, the victim of an accident encountered on a journey. 
Those who were most entitled to doubt this appeared to 
believe in it. Charles IV., suspected, if not convicted, by the 
other princes of having wished to sell one of the keys of 
Italy to Louis XIV., sought to forget in fresh pleasures the 
shame of the enterprise. Matthioly's family, silent and over- 
whelmed, became dispersed. Did it believe in his death ? 
No one knows. On its genealogical tree the date of 
Ercole Matthioly's end has been left blank. 29 His wife, the 
widow of a husband who was to survive her, shut her- 
self up with her sorrow in the convent 'of the Filles de 
Saint-Louis at Bologna, the same place whither, seventeen 

^ Arbor prisca nobilisque masculincefamilia de MatthioUs : — Archives 
of the Empire, M. 746. 



292 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

years previously, Matthioly had come to espouse her."* 
His father, who received no further intelligence after the 
letter brought by Giuliani, dragged on his unhappy existence 
for some time yet at Padua, ignorant whether he ought 
to lament the death of a beloved son, or to flatter himself 
that he was still alive. Among the members of this family, 
thus plunged in the most cruel uncertainty, no one dared 
to use any exertions, which, however, would have been 
useless, in order to endeavour to clear it up. Feeling them- 
selves menaced by the mysterious blow which had fallen 
upon one of them, they were, silent and submissive, assured of 
their want of power, and certain that their inquiries would 
be useless, and possibly not unattended with peril. 

"> Matthioly married in January, 1661, Camilla, widow of Ber- 
nardi Paleotti, by whom he had two sons. — Trans. 



( =93 ) 



CHAPTER XXI. 

Period from which the Theory that makes Matthioly the Man with the 
Iron Mask dates — Numerous Writers who have concerned them- 
selves with the Abduction of this Individual — Arguments of Reth, 
Roux-Fazillac, and Delort — M. Jules Loiseleur — His Labours — 
The Supposition that an obscure Spy was arrested in 1681 by 
Catinat — It cannot be admitted — Grounds on which M. Loiseleur 
rejects the Theory that makes Matthioly the Man with the Iron 
Mask — Soundness of his Reasoning and Justness of his Conclusions. 

Prisoners "have no history; their monotonous and uniform 
existence cannot be described, their lamentations remain 
without response, their sufferings have no other witnesses 
but their gaolers, their confidence is received by nobody. 
Poets alone imagine and sing the bitter sorrows of captivity. 
The story of Matthioly's imprisonment derives all its 
interest from the supposition that he may possibly be the 
Man with the Iron Mask. Of the life of the captive in his 
prison, we have nothing or almost nothing.' Louis XIV. 

' Louvois writes to Saint-Mars, May 15, 1679 : "It is not the inten- 
tion of the King that the Sieur de Lestang [the name given to Matthioly 
after his arrest] should be well treated, nor that, except the absolute 
necessaries of life, anything should be given to him that would enable 
him to pass his time agreeably." Again, on May 22, he writes : " You 
must keep the individual named Lestang in the severe confinement I 
enjoined in my preceding letters, without allowing him to see a physi- 
cian unless you know him to be in absolute need of one. " In July he 



294 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

has succeeded in surrounding with uncertainty and mystery 
the punishment of the audacious man who had deceived 
him. A single attempt, if not to corrupt, at least to interest 
in his lot one of his gaolers, the Sieur de Blainvilliers ; ^ by 
turns the calm of the prisoner resigned to the definitive loss 
of his liberty, or the momentary madness of the wretched 
being separated for ever from all that is dear to him ; a few 
efforts, renewed after long intervals, to write and make 
known his name outside the walls within which he is con- 
is allowed pen and ink ' ' to put into writing whatever he may wish to 
say." In February, 1680, Saint-Mars writes to Louvois that Lestang 
"complains that he is not treated as a man of his quaHty and the 
minister of a great prince ought to be," to which Louvois replies in the 
July following : " With regard to the Sieur de Lestang, I wonder at 
your patience, and that you should wait for an order to treat such a 
rascal as he deserves when he is wanting inrespect to you : " — Louvois to 
Saint-Mars and vice versd, Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
— Trans. 

2 " Sir,'' said he to him, ' ' here is a ring which Tmake a present tO' 
you, and which I beg of you to accept. " It was no doubt the diamond 
given to Matthioly by Louis XIV. 

[Saint-Mars wrote to Louvois : " I believe he made him this present 
as much from fear as from any other cause : this prisoner having pre- 
viously used very violent language towards him, and written abusive 
sentences with charcoal on the walls of his room, which had obliged 
that officer to threaten him with severe punishment, if he was not more 
decorous and moderate in his language for the future. When he was 
put in the tower with the Jacobin, I charged Blainvilliers to tell him, at 
the same time showing him a cudgel, that it was with that the unruly 
were rendered inanageable, and that if he did not speedily become so, 
he could easily be compelled. This message was conveyed to him, 
and some days afterwards, as Blainvilliers was waiting upon him at 
dinner, he said, ' Sir, here is a little ring which I wish to give you, and 
I beg you to accept of it ? ' Blainvilliers replied ' that he only took it to 
deliver it to me, as he could not receive anything himself from the 
prisoners.' I think it is well worth fifty or sixty pistoles :" — Letter 
from Saint-Mars to Louvois, October 26, 1680, quoted by Roux- 
Fazillac. — Trans. ] 



MENTION OF MA TTHIOL VS ARREST. 295 

fined : this is all that we know, all that we shall ever know 
of Matthioly's captivity. But what prisons did he suc- 
cessively inhabit? Where did he drag out his existence, 
and, above all things, where did he terminate it ? Ought 
we to behold in him the Man with the Iron Mask ? 

Roux-Fazillac and Delort are generally considered as 
having been the first to reveal, the one in 1800, and the 
other in a more complete manner in 1825, the existence 
and abduction of Count Matthioly. This is a grave error, 
and we must go back long before these two writers in order 
to find the first traces and the first revelations of the diplo- 
matic intrigue relative to Casale. In 1682 there appeared 
at Cologne a political pamphlet ^ in which the whole 
negotiation was disclosed, and in which the Abbe d'Estrades 
and Matthioly, Giuliani and Pinchesne, D'Asfeld, Catinat, 
and the Duke of Mantua figured. In August, 1687, a work, 
pubUshed at Leyden with the title of Histoire Abregie de 
I'Europe* gave, under the head of Ma"htua, a French trans- 
lation of an Italian letter which denounced the abduction 
of Matthioly. In 1749 the famous Muratori related, in his 
Annali d' Italia,^ the stoiy of the Casale negotiation, and 
the abduction of the principal agent in this intrigue. In 
the part oi iht Journal Encydop^dique ^ iox Auffi&t 15, 1770, 
was a letter from Baron d'Heiss, ex-captain in the regiment 
of Alsace, in which the whole of this affair was made 
known ; and there is a copy of this letter in the number 

* La Prudenza Triomfante di Casale con I'Arni sole de trattati e 
negotiaii di Politici della M. Chr., small duodecimo, 58 pp. 

* This was printed at Leyden by Claude Jordan. 

s Annali d'ltalia, Milan edition, vol. xi. pp. 352-354. 
^ Vol. vi. part i. p. 182., Letter from Baron d'Heis% June 28> 
1770. 



296 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK., 

oit\it Journal de Paris'' iorHtctmbtr 22, T-TT I). In 1786, 
the Italian Fantuzzi summarized in his Notizie degli Scrittori 
Bolognesi^ the accounts already published on this subject. 
A similar opinion that Matthioly was the Man with the Iron 

Mask, was, in 1789, supported by the Chevalier de B , 

in a work with the title of Londres, Correspondance intercept'ee? 
On November 26, 1795, M. de Chambrier, ex-Minister of 
Prussia to the Court of Turin, read, before the Division of 
Belles-Lettres of the Academy of Berlin,'" a memoir in which 
" he endeavoured to establish, by tradition alone, that the 
Iron Mask and Ercole Matthioly were one and the same 
person." Lastly, the 9 Pluviose, Year xi.," the citizen Reth, 
the commissioner charged with organizing the national 
lottery in the twenty-seventh military division, addressed a 
long communication to the Journal de Paris^^ tending 
towards the same conclusion. '^ Thus we see that neither 
Roux-Fazillac, nor Delort, nor still less any writer of our 
own days, can claim to be first to have put forward the 
theory that Matthioly was the Man with the Iron Mask. 



' Journal de Paris, p. 1470. 

^ Vol. V. p. 369. 

' This is a collection of letters interchanged between the Marquis de 
L. and the Chevalier de B. , in which the latter gives an account of his 
travels in France, Italy, Germany, and England, from September 5, 
1782, to January 29, 1788. In it, Matthioly is confounded with 
another agent named Girolamo Magni. 

1" Memoires de V Academic de Berlin, 1794 and 179S, Division of 
Belles-Lettres, pp. 157-163. 

^' January 31, 1800. — Trans. 

12 Pp. 814-816. 

18 In this list I do not include the Hon. George Agar Ellis, whose 
work was translated into French and published by Barbeza, (Paris, 
1830), because his book is itself only the almost literal reproduction of 
Delort's. 



AS YET NEVER PROVED TO BE MATTBIOLY. 297 

However, Delort had the incontestable advantage over 
his numerous predecessors of furnishing a portion '• of the 
official despatches relating to the negotiation, and also of 
those which were exchanged between Saint-Mars and the 
various Ministers after Matthioly's incarceration. Since then, 
and in our own days, M. Camille Rousset, in his Histoire de 
Loiivois, has in his turn disclosed the intrigue concocted by 
D'Estrades, the Duke of Mantua, and Matthioly ; and con- 
tenting himself with merely giving his opinion on the Iron 
Mask, in a short note," has declared that he sees in him the 
faithless Minister who betrayed Louis XIV. Depping, in his 
Corresfionda7ice Administrative sous Louis XIV., also adopts 
this view. But they have neither of them endeavoured — 
nor, indeed, did it belong to their subject — to establish what 
I shall term the perfect agreement and exact correspon- 
dence between the individual carried oif from near Pignerol, 
May 2, 1679, and the prisoner who was interred in the 
Church of Saint Paul, November 20, 1703. 

Here is the knot of the question. We have just seen, 
and this, moreover, has been known since a long time, that 
Matthioly was carried off in 1679 by a French ambassador 
and taken violently to Pignerol. But it is no longer a ques- 
tion merely of this intrigue, which is simply a preliminary 



^* We have already seen that Delort had examined, in the Archives 
of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, only a portion of the sections Venice 
and Mantua, and that of Savoy not at all. As to the despatches 
interchanged between the Minister of War and Saint-Mars, he had 
inspected the rather numerous letters in the Archives of the Empire, 
but not the drafts which are at the Ministry of War. 

16 " We share the opinion of those who think that the Man with the 
Iron Mask was no other than Matthioly : "-^Hisioire deLouvois, vol. iii. 
p. Ill, note. 



298 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

portion of the problem with which we are occupied. It is 
necessary to follow the Duke of Mantua's Minister from 
prison to prison, and to ascertain, not only if he may not 
have been, but also if he could have been, any other than 
the mysterious prisoner conducted in 1698 by Saint-Mars 
from the Isles Sainte-Marguerite to the Bastille, where he 
died in 1703. Delort believed he had proved it. His 
conviction was profound, and to many persons his demon- 
stration seemed irrefutable. On what grounds, then, did it 
rest, and how has a judicious writer of our own days entirely 
overthrown it ? 

On May 2 and 3, 1679, when Matthioly and his valet 
were incarcerated at Pignerol, this State prison contained, 
besides Fouquet and Lauzun, four prisoners, incontestably 
obscure and of very slight importance. One, Eustache 
d' Auger, brought there August 20, 1669, had for some time 
acted as Fouquet's valet." Another, arrived at Pignerol 
April 7, 1674, was a Jacobin monk; " a finished scoundrel," 
wrote Louvois, " who cannot be sufficiently maltreated or 
made to suffer the punishment he has deserved." The 
Minister recommended Saint-Mars " not to give him a fire 
in his chamber except when great cold or illness obliged it, 
and not to provide him with any other diet but bread, wine, 
and water." " Louvois afterwards enjoined Saint-Mars 
" not to let him be seen by any one, nor to give news of 
him to any person whatever." But this order was in some 
sort a mere form, since a like injunction had been given to 
Saint-Mars, July 19, 1669, at the time Eustache d' Auger was 

^ Despatch from Louvois to Saint-Mars, January 30, 1675. 
'' Unpublished despatch from Louvois to Saint-Mars, April 18, 
1674 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 



SAINT-MARS' FRISONESS AT PIGNEROL. 299 

sent to him." The latter, as well as the Jacobin monk, and 
Caluzio, brought there in September, 1673," and Dubreuil, 
imprisoned in June, 1676, were treated in exactly the same 
manner and without any kind of consideration. The expense 
for each of them was not to exceed twenty sous a day,2o and 
they were so insignificant, that when Saint-Mars was called 
from the command of the donjon of Pignerol to the govern- 
ment of Exiles, Louvois requested from him " a list of the per- 
sons in his charge, begging him to indicate, at the side of each 
name, what he knew of the reasons for which they had been 
arrested." ^i It is certain, and this has never been a matter 
of doubt to any of those who have occupied themselves 
with this problem, that the Man with the Iron Mask is not 
to be sought for amongst these obscure wretches, the causes 
of whose confinement the Minister himself had forgotten. 
We have seen that Fouquet, undoubtedly, died at Pignerol 
during the month of March, 1680; and, with regard to 

IS Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, July 19, 1669. We have 
already mentioned that the same precautions were adopted (ante, 
p. 234) even for the Protestant ministers who were confined at the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite later. See Depping : Correspondance Adminis- 
trative sous Louis XIV. 

19 Buticary was set at liberty at Saint-Mars' request. The following 
extract from a despatch proves that he ought not to be confounded with 
Caluzio, as M. Loiseleur has done : "In the correspondence of Saint- 
Mars," he says (Revue Contemporaine, July 31, 1867, p. 202, note), 
" Caluzio is sometimes called Buticary. One of the two names is a 
surname." Now, September 14, 1675, Louvois writes to Saint- 
Mars : "You have done right to give a sergeant and two soldiers to 
take the Sieur Caluzio to Lyons, and as to the Sieur Buticary, when the 
King is at Saint-Germain, I will willingly speak in his favour and 
endeavour to obtain his release. " 

20 Delort, Histoire de la Detention des Philosophes, vol. i. and Roux- 
Fazillac. 

21 Letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, May 12, 1680. 



300 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Lauzun, it is not less incontestable that he left the citadel 
April 22, 1681. 

From the moment of his arrest Matthioly received the 
fictitious name of Lestang, as a despatch of Catinat's clearly 
shows.22 He was sometimes designated by his right name, 
sometimes by this fictitious one. A letter from Louvois, 
August 16, 1680, authorises Saint-Mars " to place the Sieur 
de Lestang with the Jacobin, so as to avoid any intercourse 
between two priests ; " and Saint- Mars' reply, dated 
September 7, 1680, shows that Matthioly was confined 
with the Jacobin monk in the lower tower. In this letter 
Saint-Mars informs the Minister that Matthioly at first 
thought that he had been placed with a spy charged to 
watch him and give an account of his conduct. But the 
monk, a prisoner since several years, had become mad, of 
which Matthioly was soon convinced " by seeing him one 
day get out of bed stark naked and preach, as well as he 
could, without rhyme or reason." The same letter shows 
Saint-Mars to us just as we have always known him, and 
watching through a hole over the door what his prisoners 
were doing.^^ 

On May 12, 1681, Louvois, when announcing to Saint- 
Mars his nomination to the governorship of Exiles, rendered 
vacant by the death of the Duke de Lesdiguiferes, " orders 
him to take with him the Uuo prisoners of the lower Tower. 
According to Roux-Fazillac, Delort, and all those who have 
occupied themselves with this question, these two prisoners 
are undoubtedly Matthioly and the Jacobin monk. On 

"^ Letter from Catinat to Louvois, May 3, 1679. 
^ Letter from Louvois, August 16, 1680, and from Saint-Mars, 
September 7 of the same year. 



OPINIONS OF VARIOUS WRITERS. 301 

January 20, 1687, Saint-Mars, whose health had been 
affected by the rigorous climate of Exiles, was appointed 
to the governorship of the Isles Saint-Honorat and Sainte- 
Marguerite in the sea of Provence. He took with him one 
prisoner only. Reth and Delort do not hesitate to admit 
that, of the two prisoners in question, he who was taken by 
Saint-Mars to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite was Matthioly. 
Though unable to furnish a sure proof of it, they have no 
doubt. Roux-Fazillac, more circumspect and less positive, 
contents himself with remarking that either the Jacobin 
monk or Matthioly was the Man with the Iron Mask ; and 
it is by means of general considerations, by proofs drawn 
from the mysterious manner in which the abduction had 
been accomplished, from Louis XIV. 's evident interest in 
concealing such a violation of international law, that Roux- 
Fazillac endeavours to prove Matthioly's identity with the 
Iron Mask. 

Thus, of the very numerous writers who have advanced 
this opinion, some, such as Baron d'Heiss, M. de Chambrier, 
M. Depping, and M. Camille Rousset, have done so by only 
taking account of the circumstances accompanying the abduc- 
tion, by invoking probabilities, and by showing a preference. 
Others, such as Roux-Fazillac, Reth, and Delort, have 
endeavoured to support their demonstrations with more 
precise and less general proofs, not occupying themselves 
exclusively with the arrest of this individual, but with the 
captive's existence and his changes of prison. They have, 
in a word, attempted to follow him without losing sight of 
him for an instant, from the moment of his incarceration to 
that of his death. How have they succeeded ? 

A very sagacious writer, M. Jules Loiseleur, has, for 



302 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

some years past, applied the processes of a rigorous historical 
criticism and the qualities of a penetrative mind to some of 
those secondary questions which the historian often neglects 
or avoids, either because they would retard the rapidity of 
■ his progress, or because their exact solution would perhaps 
be contrary to the general theory upon which the ensemble 
of his task has been conceived. These species of minute 
inquiries, pursued according to a judicial model, concentrate 
the attention upon certain points, isolated from all others, 
and present, with some inconveniences, some precious advan- 
tages. For, if by such a process, we cease to take account 
of the necessary influence of general facts, if the marvellous 
chain of causes and effects be a little neglected, this method, 
in return, assures to him who employs it entire liberty to 
study the question under all its phases, and above all things 
frees him from any preconceived idea, from the necessity of 
sacrificing himself to a theory, or of obeying too servilely the 
conditions of art or the sovereign rules of proportion. It is 
thus that M. Loiseleur has studied,^* by introducing new 
documents into the discussion, the question of the pretended 
poisoning of Gabrielle d'Estr^es and of the supposed marriage 
of Anne of Austria and Mazarin. 

The problem of the Man with the Iron Mask has also 
attracted the scrupulous attention and meditations of this 
trained mind. M. Loiseleur has not brought forward any 
new documents in considering this question. It is to those 
already published that he has directed his examination, and 
to the theory that makes Matthioly the Man with the Iron 
Mask. 25 The following is the first result of his observations. 



2* ProhKmes Historiques, TParis. Hachette. 

''^ Revue Contemporaine, July 2T, 1867, pp. 194-239, 



CAT/NAT'S SECOND VISIT TO PIGNEROL. 303 

In August, 1681, at the moment when Saint-Mars is 
about to leave Pignerol for Exiles, of which he had just 
been named Governor, he receives an order from Louvois 
to defer his departure. The affair of Casale, abandoned, as 
we have seen after Matthiol/s arrest, had been taken up 
again two years afterwards. The Abbd Morel, addressing 
himself directly to the Duke of Mantua to whom he was 
accredited, had obtained his consent, and the treaty of 
surrender, this time confided to sure hands, was about to be 
definitively executed. As before, Boufflers occupied the 
frontier with his troops. As before, Catinat is about to 
penetrate to Pignerol, in order to proceed afterwards to 
Casale, and take possession of the place. The following is 
the letter in which Louvois announces to Saint-Mars the 
early arrival of Catinat : — 

" Fontainebleau, August 13, i68i. 
" The King having commanded M. de Catinat to pro- 
ceed as soon as possible to Pignerol, on the same business 
that took him there at the commencement of the year 
1679, I write you these lines by his Majesty's order, to give 
you intelligence thereof, so that you may prepare him an 
apartment in which he may remain concealed during three 
weeks or a month ; and also to tell you that when he shall 
send to let you know that he is arrived at the place where 
you went to meet him in the said year 1679, it is his 
Majesty's iptention that you should go there again to meet 
him and conduct him into the donjon of the citadel of the 
aforesaid Pignerol with all the precautions necessary to 
prevent any one's knowing that he is with you. I do not 
charge you to assist him with your servants, your horses, and 



304 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

whatever carriages he may have occasion for, not doubting 
that you will do with pleasure on these heads, whatever he 
shall ask.'' 

According to M. Loiseleur the words, — " the same 
business that took him there at the commencement of the 
year 1679," signifies to Saint-Mars the arrest of a political 
prisoner. " Since," says M. Loiseleur, " of all the occur- 
rences of the negotiation undertaken in 1679, this was the 
only one of which Saint-Mars was officially informed." =^ 
This interpretation is very important, because M. Loiseleur 
seems to conclude from it that in 1681, as in 1679, Catinat 
was sent to Pignerol to arrest a new individual, and confide 
him to the care of Saint-Mars. We are unable to share this 
opinion. The words in question have evidently only one 
meaning, — the taking possession of Casale. Catinat was not 
sent to Pignerol to arrest Matthioly, since Louvois' letter 
announcing to Saint-Mars the first arrival of this officer, is 
dated December 29, 1678, when there was not only no 
intention of carrying off the Mantuan Minister, but when 
his good offices were continued to be employed, without 
the suspicion of any treason, which, indeed, did not as yet 
exist. Moreover, if Catinat reihained three months at 
Pignerol, during January, February and March, 1679, it was 
because the execution of the treaty of Casale was con- 
tinually hoped for, and because multiplied and diverse 
efforts were made to obtain from Matthioly the ejcchange of 
the ratifications. M. Loiseleur says, " There was the greatest 
interest in surrounding Catinat's mission and his stay at 
Pignerol with the most profound mystery ; it was necessary, 

28 Revue Contemfoi'aine, p. 206. 



SAINT-MARS IN THE KINGS CONFIDENCE. 305 

in truth, to deceive the vigilance of the Court of Turin, so 
near to the scene of the events in preparation, and also of 
the Germans, Spaniards, Venetians, and Genoese, who were 
not less unquiet." No doubt ; and this is one of the 
reasons why Catinat took an assumed name. " How then," 
adds this writer, " is it to be explained that Louvois should 
have confided the purpose of this mission to so subordinate 
an agent as the Captain Saint-Mars ? " 

The conclusion is neither searching nor exact. Not only 
was Saint-Mars really in the secret of the political mission 
entrusted to Catinat in 1679, but, as we have seen, he also 
helped him to fulfil it, by accompanying him to Increa, for 
the meeting appointed by Matthioly to exchange the ratifi- 
cations, by following him to Casale, and by sharing his 
danger. Saint-Mars, moreover, far from being a, subordinate 
agent, possessed, and justly possessed, the entire confidence 
of Louis XIV. and Louvois ; ^T and despatches which will 
be quoted hereafter show him to have been on the most 
friendly terms with D'Estrades and Catinat. ^^ The pre- 

2' Francois Michel le Tellier, Marquis de Louvois, whose name 
occurs so frequently throughout this work, was Louis XIV.'s Secretary 
of State for War and Prime Minister. He is responsible for the bar- 
barous devastation of the Palatinate, and for the revocation of the Edict 
of Nantes. After having served his Sovereign faithfully for six-and- 
thirty years, he fell under his displeasure, and was only saved from 
disgrace by a sudden death, vifhich occurred in 1691, it is said from 
poison. 

28 M. Loiseleur afterwards brings forward two arguments which 
are as little conclusive as those which have just been discussed. " Saint- 
Mars was so persistently left in ignorance," he says, "that after having 
confided to his lieutenant the care of recovering the important documents 
concealed at Padua, Catinat thought better of it, and charged a 
trusty servant of the Abbe d'Estrades with this mission. . . . When 
Louvois requested the list of the prisoners imprisoned at Pignerol, with 



3o6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

cautions adopted to conceal the stay of the latter at Pignerol 
were designed to leave in ignorance the officers of the 
citadel, the notabilities of the town, the governor himself, the 
Marquis d'Herleville — every one, in fact, except Saint-Mars, 
virhose presence became so indispensable, that, for this reason 
alone, he delayed his departure for Exiles. In fact, in a 
despatch addressed to Louvois, April 15, 1679, Catinat com- 
plains that the Marquis d'Herleville suspects his presence 
in the donjon, and at the same time congratulates himself 
on the precautions which Saint-Mars adopts with regard to 
him.*9 Moreover, we cannot too strongly insist that the 
business which brought Catinat to Pignerol in 1679 was the 
taking possession of Casale. This, for more than three 
months, was the appointed object of his exertions. The 
abduction of Matthioly was only a second commission, much 
less honourable, and much less worthy of Catinat than the 
former. It was confided to him because he was on the 
scene of events, and because its accomplishment required a 
man who was resolute and sure in acting. But it was for 
him only an unexpected and subordinate character, and 

the reasons for which they were detained, he added to his letter, 
' with reference to the two of the lower tower you need only indicate 
them by this name, without putting anything else.' " If Giuliani was 
charged, as we have mentioned in the preceding chapter, to seek at 
Padua the papers in the possession of Matthioly's father, it was because, 
being supposed a friend of Matthioly, he would inspire no suspicion, 
while it would have been very different if this mission had been con- 
fided to Saint-Mars' lieutenant. As for the letter in which Louvois 
requests from Saint-Mars the names of his prisoners, the dispensing 
with information concerning the prisoners in the lower Tower can 
be explained in a very simple manner— by the fact that Louvois knew 
all about them, since a short time previously they had been referred to 
in the correspondence. 
29 Delort, p. 206. 



SURRENDER OF CASALE. 307 

formed but an incident, and a sad incident, of his visit, which 
could not in any way affect the prime, essential, and incon- 
testable cause of his being there, viz., to take possession of 
Casale. 

M. Loiseleur insists the more upon this unfounded inter- 
pretation, because it is almost the sole pretext, 3° I will not 
say for the theory — he is too cautious to call it so — but for 
the supposition that an obscure and unknown spy was 
arrested by Catihat in 1681, and confided, like Matthioly, to 
Saint-Mars' care. Nothing, indeed — and M. Loiseleur does 
not deny this — absolutely nothing in the history of the re- 
sumption of the negotiations relative to Casale allows" us to 
admit the truth of this hypothesis. While in 1679, there 
was uncertainty, hesitation, and embarrassment produced 
by Matthioly's equivocal behaviour, in 1681 everything was 
simple, clear, and definitive. No doubt the preparations 
were still concealed ; but observe the rapidity of execution 
and the startling revenge taken by Louis XIV. ! On. 
July 8, 1681, the treaty of surrender is signed at Mantua by 
the Duke himself and the Ambassador of the King of 
France. On August 2 Catinat is ordered from Flanders. 
On the T3th Louvois announces to Saint-Mars the journey 
of this officer to Pignerol. From September i to 22 the 
French troops muster at Briangon. On the 27th they 



^ Louvois writes to Saint-Mars, September 20, 1681 : — " The King 
does not disapprove of your going from time to time to see the last 
prisoner that you have in your care, when he is settled in his new 
prison." M. Loiseleur concludes from this that at this period there 
was only one prisoner, and as two are again spoken of afterwards, he 
infers that a new prisoner was confided to Saint-Mars. We shall 
hereafter concern ourselves with this despatch, the meaning of which 
we shall explain. 



3o8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

arrive at Pignerol. On the 30th they enter Casale with 
the Marquis de Boufflers as commander and Catinat as 
governor of this new possession.^' This, time there was 
no intermediary between the negotiators, no obstacle to 
Louis XIV.'s project ; and no employment of an embarrass- 
ing or perfidious spy. There is nothing that is suspicious, 
nothing that is obscure in the despatches relating to this 
enterprise. There is no void in them, nothing has been 
suppressed. Moreover — and this is a point upon which we 
cannot too strongly insist — the King, the ministers, and the 
ambassadors who penned them, could not foresee that they 
would one day no longer be buried in the impenetrable 
archives of Versailles, but be delivered to investigation and 
comment. 

Where is there anything in them about that obscure spy 
whom Catinat is said to have arrested ? M. Loiseleur has 
wished rather to open a new field for conjecture than to put 
■ forward a definite opinion. He has comprehended so well 
the fragile nature of his train of reasoning that he does not 
hesitate to express himself in the following manner con- 
cerning this pretended prisoner of 1681 : — " There is nothing 
to explain to us his true name, his position in life, or his 
crime. The only two theories which are now current con- 
cerning the Iron Mask are both equally erroneous. This is 
all that we have intended to establish." ^^ 

Let us hasten to say that he has completely succeeded. 
There is no need for us to return to that one of these two 



" Archives of the Ministry of War ; Mitnohe de Chamlay on the 
events of 1678 to 1688 :— Archives of the Ministiy of Foreign Affairs, 
sections Mantua and Savoy. 

^'^ Revue Contemporaine, p, 238. 



REPUTED DEATH OF MATTHIOLY. 309 

theories which makes the Man with the Iron Mask a 
brother of Louis XlV.as But with reference to the other, 
which represents Matthioly as being the masked prisoner, 
M. Loiseleur's refutation of it is very remarkable ; and the 
researches which we have made, as well as the new docu- 
ments which we have brought to light, confirm what 
his clear-sighted sagacity had enabled him to discover. 
" December 23, 1685," says M. Loiseleur, " Saint-Mars 
writes from Exiles to Louvois, ' My prisoners are always ill 
and taking remedies. For the rest, they are very quiet.' 
We possess no official document relating to what passed at 
Exiles during the year 1686; but it was in this year, as 
we are about to establish, that Matthioly's death took place. 
On January 20, 1687, Saint-Mars learns that the King has 
just conferred on him the governorship of the Isles Honorat 
and Sainte-Marguerite. He hastens to thank Louvois for 
it, and adds, ' I shall give my orders for the care of my 
prisoner so well,' &c. &c." 

Thence M. Loiseleur concludes that either in 1686, or in 
January, 1687, one of the two prisoners had died.'* He 
also adduces the testimony of Father Papon, of the Oratory, 
who, visiting the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, in 1778, questioned 
an officer there named Claude Souchon, then seventy-nine 
years old, and whose father had fonned one of the free 
company of the islands in the time of Saint-Mars. Now, 
both in a memorandum drawn up at the request of the 
Marquis de Castellane, governor of the islands, and in his 
replies to Father Papon, the Sieur Souchon said he had 
heard from his father that the envoy of the Empire 

8* See Chapters I. to v. of the present work. 
'* Revue Contemporainc, p. 209, et seq. 



3IO THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

— the Duke of Mantua was a prince of the Empire — 
carried off by order of Louis XIV., died nine years, 
after his arrest — that is to say, in 1688. 3= Muratori 
relates this tradition, and it is also confirmed by the fact 
"that the name of Matthioly disappeared entirely from 
Saint-Mars' correspondence previous to his departure from 
Exiles." 

The following despatches from Louvois to Saint-Mars, 
till now unpublished, justify M. Loiseleur's suppositions :— 

" Fontainebleau, October 9, l686. 

" I have received the letter that you have written to me 
the 26th of last month, which requires no answer except to 
say that you should have named to me which of your 
prisoners it is that has become dropsical." 

" Fontainebleau, November 3, 1686. 

"I have received your letter of the 4th of last 
month. It is right to cause that one of your two 
prisoners who has become dropsical to confess, when you 
perceive the appearance of an approaching death. Till 
then neither he nor his companion must have any com- 
munication." 

"Versailles, January 13, 1687. 

" I have received your letter of the 5th of this month, by 
which I learn the death of one of your prisoners. I do not 
reply to you concerning your desire to change your govern- 

^ This is within a year of the date that M. Loiseleur states, and 
the exactness of which we are about to confirm. M. Loiseleur 
observes with reason that the error of a year in an old man's early 
reminiscences is very probable. 



IMPROBABILITY OF HIS BEING MATTHIOLY. 311 

ment, because you have since learnt that the King has 
granted you one more important ^ than yours, with a good 
climate, at which I am delighted, and I rejoice again with 
jou at the share which I have taken in what concerns 
you." 3T 

Thus we see that the death of one of the two prisoners 
'brought by Saint-Mars from Pignerol to Exiles is undeni- 
able. Supposing that we reject the testimony of the Sieur 
Souchon — which, although not possessing the character of an 
official document, does not the less deserve the most serious 
attention — supposing that we are not absolutely convinced 
that the prisoner who died of dropsy was Matthioly, it is, 
nevertheless, necessary to admit that the fact of this death 
places in the greatest uncertainty and almost entirely de- 
stroys the value of the theory put forward by Baron d'Heiss, 
De Chambrier, Reth, Roux-Fazillac, Delort, Depping, and 
Rousset. How, in fact, can one now insist that Matthioly 
was the Man with the Iron Mask, who mysteriously entered 
the Bastille September 18, 1698, when we see that he was 
•confided to the care of Saint-Mars along with another 
prisoner; that one of the two captives died in 1687; and 
. that from this time the name of the Mantuan Minister 
altogether disappears from the correspondence of Louvois 
and Saint-Mars ? After having attentively read M. Loiseleur's 
work, and especially after having found the despatches con- 
firming the essential portions of it, I by no means arrived 
at the conclusion that Catinat in 1681 abducted some spy, 

^ The governorship of the Isles Sainte-Marguerite-Saint-Honorat. 
^ Unpublished despatches from Louvois to Saint-Mars : — Archives 
of the Ministry of War. 



312 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

the fact of whose arrest or even existence is altogether 
devoid of proof; but I acquired the conviction that this 
problem would never receive a definitive solution, and that 
it was impossible to disperse the mysterious gloom with 
which the Man with the Iron Mask was surrounded. 

Such was my confirmed opinion when, studying more 
attentively one of the despatches which I had been per- 
mitted to examine, a new direction was impressed on my 
researches, and led me to a result which I am about to 
unfold. 



( 313 ) 



CHAPTER XXII. 

The Isles Sainte- Marguerite — Their Appearance — Their Past — 
Various Causes of their Celebrity — How I was led to suppose that 
Matthioly was not taken to Exiles by Saint-Mars — Documents 
which prove him to have been left at Pignerol — Obscurity of the 
two Prisoners transferred to Exiles by Saint-Mars — Neither of 
them could have been the Man with the Iron Mask — Removal of 
the Prisoners of Pignerol to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. 

On each side of Cannes, the coast of Provence, describing a 
slight curve, forms the two gulfs of Napoule and Jouan, 
separated by the Point of the Croisette.' Off this point, 
distant about a mile from shore, are two islands, situated 
one in front of the other like advanced sentinels, and 
affording each other mutual protection. The approach to 
them is rendered far from easy by the rocks and reefs with 
which nature has surrounded them. Both are oblong in 
shape, lying from east to west, and the one nearest to the 
shore is also much the larger. Owing to the great number 
of pines with which they are covered, the view from them is 
limited ; but if we ascend one of the highest towers, we 
behold the most dazzhng and wonderful of pictures. On every 

1 Thus named on account of a cross to which pilgrimages were 
formerly made : — Promenades de Nice, by Emile Negrin, p. 273. 



314 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

side is a marvellous profusion of light ; just in front of us is 
Cannes, and its elegant villas, bathed by the waves of the sea; 
a little further inland lies the magnificent valley of Grasse, 
Avith its hills covered with olive-trees, its green mountain- 
slopes, and luxuriant vegetation ; ^ on the left is the sharp 
and varied outline of the long chain of the Esterel ; on the 
right, the Maritime Alps, almost touching the sky, with their 
snowy summits glittering in the sun; and in the background, 
a pile of savage mountains and gigantic rocks forms a striking 
contrast with this privileged spot, and provides for it at once 
both a sure shelter and a most picturesque framework. 

These two islands, so appropriately situated for the em- 
bellishment of these peerless localities, have no share in the 
life or animation that surrounds them. As a rule, uncultivated, 
and inhabited solely by their garrison and a few fishermen's 
families, intersected here and there by ancient salt-marshes, 
and of a sad and monotonous appearance, one would say 
that they belonged altogether to the past. On these tran- 
quil coasts everything tends to meditation and to poetry. 
Day-dreams are natural and easy here, for there is nothing to 
disturb the grand recollections which the spot evokes, and in 
which history and legend have an equal share. The Romans 
have occupied these islets ; pious hermits have established 
themselves on them ; the Saracens have invaded and the 
Spaniards have pillaged them in turn.^ In the early part of 
the fifth century, Saint-Honorat founded a monastery here, 
which was for a long time the most celebrated of Gaul, and 
in which thousands of apostles were trained in virtue and 

2 Visite aux lies de Lirins, by the Abbe AUiez, 1840. 
' Notice sur Cannes et Us lies des LMns, by M. Sardou. Cannes, 
Robaudy, 1867. 



THE ISLES SAINTE-MARGUERITE. 315 

knowledge, of whom some became celebrated bishops, and 
very many martyrs.* Everywhere on this land of the past 
vestiges of ancient buildings^ are to be perceived, an'd 
traces of savage devastation. Everywhere the uncertain 
and poetic recollections preserved by tradition are mingled 
with the unquestionable events of the history of France. 
Here, in the smaller of the two islands, is still to be seen the 
inexhaustible well that, according to the legend, Saint-Honorat 
caused to be dug, and from which fresh water miraculously 
issued forth on to a salt and arid shore till then deprived 
of it. Not a long while ago one used to be shown the 
place where the Saint, perched on a high tree, escaped the 
flood of waters he had called forth by his prayers, and which, 
on afterwards retiring, carried off with them the serpents 
with which the islands were infested. It was here also that 
Francis I. stopped when a prisoner of the Spaniards after 
the fatal battle of Pavia, and this was the last spot of French 
earth trodden by the unfortunate monarch before com- 
mencing his rigorous captivity. It was here also— a recol- 
lection at once sad and glorious — that Prince Eugfene and ' 
the Duke of Savoy encountered the most obstinate resistance 
when they were invading the South of France, and were 
marching first upon Cannes and then upon Toulon by the 



°- Besides Saint-Honorat, there were Saints Aigulph, Hilary, 
Patrick, Capraise, Vincent, Venantius, and many others. See the very 
remarkable thesis presented to the Faculty of Letters in Paris by the 
Abbe Goux, professor at the Petit Seminaire of Toulouse, and entitled, 
Llrins au Cinquiitne Sihle. Paris, Eugene Belin, 1856. Also the 
charming volume of MM. Girard and Bareste, Cannes et ses Environs.. 
Paris, Gamier, 1859. 

8 M. Merimee, Note d'un Voyage dans le Midi de la France, p. 256, 
et seq. 



3i6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

road bordering the sea.^ It was from here that the cannon- 
shots were fired which, by delaying the enemy's march, gave 
time for Toulon to be defended ; and after the raising of 
the siege, it was the attack from here that compelled the 
Germans and Piedmontese, on their return, to leave the 
sea-shore, and take refuge among the hills and mountains, 
where they fell under the multiplied blows of the energetic 
peasants of Provence. 

Such are these two islands, sometimes designated under 
the common name of the Lerins, but better known under 
that of the Isles Sainte-Marguerite and Saint-Honorat, 
where the most varied remains abound, but which the resi- 
dence of the Man with the Iron Mask has especially 
rendered for ever famous. Such are the spots which it 
is impossible to visit, pronounce the name of, or call to 
mind the recollection, without both the name and the 
recollection of the mysterious prisoner who was confined 
in the larger of the two islands — that of Sainte-Marguerite — 
immediately recurring also. Whether we follow the tradition 
which represents the masked man as being brought to Saint- 
Mars in this island,'' or whether we think that he was con- 

* A flag of truce came from the Duke of Savoy to notify to M. la 
Mothe-Guerin, governor of the islands, the order to cease firing. "The 
first person," replied La Mothe-Guerin, "vifho has the audacity to 
come again tojne as the bearer of such a message, I shall immediately 
have hung : " — M. Sardou, work already cited, p. III. "It was when 
under fire from the Isles Sainte-Marguerite," the Duke of Savoy said 
afterwards, ' ' that I knew better than anywhere else that I was in an 
enemy's country." 

' It is to be remarked that according to the first work which makes 
mention of the Man with the Iron Mask, the prisoner was conducted 
to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, and there confided to Saint-Mars. 
This is the Mhnoires Secrets four servir h PHistoire de Perse, from which 
we have reproduced the entire passage in Chapter VI. of the present 
work (see p. 69, ante). 



HIS IDENTITY DlIFICULT TO PROVE. 317 

ducted thither by Saint-Mars himself, it is undeniable that 
in 1698 the gaoler and his captive departed thence, for the 
purpose of undertaking that journey which was mysteriously 
pursued across France, exciting everywhere an inquisitive 
astonishment, having Villeneuve-le-Roi for its principal 
halting-place " and the Bastille for terminatiom- It is not 
less certain (and the unimpeachable journal' of Dujonca 
is evidence of this) that the individual conducted to Paris 
by Saint-Mars " in his litter, was an old prisoner whom he 
had at Pignerol." 

Who was this prisoner ? 

It is very certain that there nowhere exists a collection of 
documents specially relating to the Man with the Iron Mask. 
Louis XIV. had too great an interest in surrounding this 
individual with uncertainty and obscurity for him to have 
been pleased to collect and leave behind him sure proofs of 
his identity. This interest in concealing the existence of the 
captive became, as we shall see further on, very much greater 
at the time of his removal to the Bastille. So his real name 
disappeared almost entirely, and he was simply termed " the 
prisoner from Provence." It is consequently necessary to 
go back long before the date of this removal, in order 
to estabhsh his identity, and this can only be done by 
comparing a great number of despatches, no one of which 
furnishes of itself an unexceptionable proof, though their 
comparison and the logical deductions to be derived from 
them enable us to come to a sure conclusion. We must 
therefore request from our readers, especially at this stage 
of the argument, a close and sustained attention. 

* The passages of this Journal relating to the prisoner are given in 
Chapter xiii. of the present work (see pjs. 164, 165, ante]. 



3i8 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

We have terminated the preceding chapter by stating 
that M. Jules Loiseleur has pronounced a decisive judgment 
on the question of the Man with the Iron Mask, and we defy- 
any attentive reader to study his work without becoming 
convinced that the problem will never be solved. But 
M. Loiselqur has made his inquiry merely with reference 
to the documents as yet published. " His demonstrations, 
so clear, luminous, and peremptory," a critic has observed, 
"have exhausted the question, and, in default of fresh 
documents, no profound mind will again recur to it." 9 It 
is these fresh documents which I am about to introduce into 
the discussion, and I will proceed to state how I was led to 
suppose their existence, and afterwards how I became the 
first to establish it. 

An unpublished despatch, addressed by Louvois to 
Saint-Mars, January 5, 1682, is thus conceived : — 

" I have received your letter of the 28th of last month. 
You do not know what is advantageous for you, when you 
ask to exchange the governorship of Exiles for the command 
of the Chateau of Casale, which brings in only two thousand 
livres of salary. Consequently I do not advise you to think 
of it." 10 

At first this despatch appears insignificant enough. It 
seems to furnish but one proof more of Louvois' kindly 
interest for Saint-Mars, an interest which was due to 
the Minister's intense affection for his mistress, Madame 
Dufresnoy, sister-in-law to Saint-Mars, and also, which is 
perhaps a more legitimate reason, to the perfect devotion 

" M. Baudry, Revue de V Instruction Pablique, June 25, 1868. 
1" Archives of the Ministry of War. 



MATTHIOLY NEVER AT EXILES. 319 

and tried fidelity of the gaoler of Fouquet and Lauzun. 
However, on reading it over again, I asked myself how 
Saint-Mars could dream, if Matthioly was one of his 
prisoners, of soliciting to be sent to Casale, to a town 
altogether Italian and even Mantuan, where Matthioly might 
certainly have succeeded, if not in escaping (we know that 
Saint-Mars' prisoners could scarcely indulge in that hope), 
at least in giving information concerning himself, and reveal- 
ing his situation. But the sole motive of Louvois' refusal is, 
as we have just seen, . the smallness of the salary given to 
the commandant of Casale. If Saint-Mars, to suppose what 
could never have happened, had misconceived the danger 
likely to be caused by Matthioly's presence at Casale, even as 
a prisoner, it is beyond doubt that Louvois, naturally cautious 
(and here caution would have been a duty) would have 
written to him in something like the following words : " I 
am astonished that you should have formed the design of 
removing to Casale. It is necessary to give it up entirely.'' 
But on the contrary, Louvois finds no other inconvenience 
in this plan than that of the inferiority of the salary attached 
to the duties of Casale, and he concludes with these words : 
" I do not advise you to think of it." It is the friend full of 
solicitude who speaks, and not the Minister energetically 
rejecting a proposal so contrary to the interests confided 
to him. 

It was this despatch which first suggested to me the idea 
that, contrary to the general opinion, Matthioly was not 
taken by Saint-Mars from Pignerol to Exiles. As yet 
this was, it is true, but a very weak presumption, which 
was destroyed by proofs that were apparently irrefutable 
and had been accepted as such up to the present. We 



320 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

have, in fact, seen that Matthioly, a short time after hi: 
arrest, was placed in the lower Tower at Pignerol, and i 
was the prisoners of this tower whom Saint-Mars was orderec 
to conduct to Exiles. Louvois' despatch ii of June 9, 1681 
concludes with these words : " With regard to the effecti 
belonging to the Sieur Matthioly, which are in your posses 
sion, you will have them taken to Exiles, in order to be able 
to give them back to him if his Majesty should ever ordej 
him to be set at liberty.'' This is an explicit statement, 
and has naturally confirmed every one in the opinion 
that Matthioly was removed from Pignerol to Exiles. 
But the doubt which the despatch of January 5, 1682, had 
made me conceive, was changed into certainty when I read 
the following letter, written by Saint-Mars, to the Abbe 
d'Estrades, June 25, 1681, and to be found in minute among 
the Estrades' manuscripts in the Imperial Library : — 

"June 25, 1681. 
" Sir, I should not deserve your pardon if I was certain 
of having the government of Exiles without doing myself 
the honour to inform you of it, and besides the respect 
which I have for you, Sir, I am indebted to you to such a 
degree that I should be an ungrateful and dishonest man if, 
during the whole of my life, I did not honour you with the 
utmost affection and respect. Rely on me. Sir, as being the 
most devoted person in the world towards yourself and 
bound for the remainder of my days with heart and love 
to your service. I only received yesterday my supplies as 
governor of Exiles with two thousand livres of salary; my 
free company is preserved to me as well as two of my 



11 Given by Delort, p. 269. 



MATTHIOLY DID NOT DIE AT EXILES. 321 

lieutenants, and I shall also have in custody two crows, 
whom I have here, who have no other names than Messieurs 
of the lower Tower ; Matthioli will remain here with two 
other prisoners. One of my lieutenants named Villebois 
will look after them, and he has a warrant to command 
either in the citadel or in the donjon during my absence, 
and until M. de Rissan returns, or his Majesty shall have 
provided for this office of Lieutenant of the King by naming 
some other person. The Chevaher de Saint-Martin has 
been appointed Major of Montlouis with a salary of seven 
hundred crowns, and Blainvilliers, his^ comrade, Major of 
the citadel of Metz, with the same pay. I do not expect to 
leave here before the end of next month. I could if I chose 
go there from time to time in order to have the repairs made 
which are necessary for the good of the service, as I have 
received my orders to go into this place of exile whenever I 
please ; but as nothing presses, and as it will be necessary 
to take up my residence in this place in order to pass the 
winter there with the whole of my family and the bears, 
it will take time for me to accommodate myself as well 
as possible. What consoles me is that I shall have the 
honour of being near to the States of their Royal Highnesses, 
to whom I am as much a debtor as a very respectful and 
humble servant." 

Consequently, Matthioly was not the prisoner who died 
at Exiles, the commencement of January, 1687.1^ He was 

12 This is now placed beyond doubt, and moreover we shall find 
Matthioly's name occurring later in the despatches from Louvois to the 
commandant of the donjon of Pignerol. With respect to the testimony of 
the Sieur Souchon, which, following M. Loiseleur, we have given in the 
preceding chapter, it is rather confused in the Mimoires d'zm Voyageur 
qui se repose (vol. ii. pp. 204-210 of Bossange's edition), and very clear 

21 



322 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

therefore left at Pignerol, where we shall soon meet with 
him again in charge of the Sieur de Villebois. "Louis XIV. at 
first had the idea of having him removed to Exiles, as is 
proved by Louvois' despatch of June 9, i68i, the last 
.sentence of which we have quoted. But it is none the less 
certain that this first design was abandoned, and that 
Matthioly was left at Pignerol. 

There is also another remarkable expression in. Saint- 
Mars' letter. He writes, " I shall also have in custody two 
crows'' (merles). Now even in our own time the word 
" crow " ( merle) is applied only to common and insignificant 
persons, of as little notoriety as importance. Up to thepresent, 
however, it is in one of these two " crows '' that people have 
seen the Man with the Iron Mask. Is it objected that one 
proof alone is not sufficient to estabhsh the entire obscurity 
of these two prisoners of Saint Mars ? But this is confirmed 
also by all we have said concerning the treatment of which 
Saint-Mars' prisoners at Pignerol were the objects, with the 
exception of Fouquet, Lauzun, and Matthioly. ^^ Is additional 
testimony required? "You can have clothes made for 
your prisoners,'' writes Louvois to Saint-Mars at Exiles, 
December 14, 1681; '■'■but it is necessary that the clothes of 

in the work of Father Papon, but with the signification of the death of 
the servant and not of Matthioly himself. The following is the passage 
from the Voyage Littiraire de Provence (^^. 148, 149, edition 1780), integ- 
rally reproduced : " The person who waited on the prisoner died at the 
Isle Sainte-Marguerite. The father of the officer of whom I have 
just spoken (Souchon, seventy-nine years old), who was in certain 
matters the man of confidence of M. de Saint-Mars, had always told 
his son that he had taken the dead man from his prison at the hour 
of midnight, and had carried him on his shoulders to the burial- 
ground." 

18 We shall refer hereafter to the treatment of Matthioly. 



SAINT-MARS ARRIVES AT THE ISLANDS. 323 

people like these should last three or four years" 1* As usual, 
the Minister's orders were punctually executed by his repre- 
sentative, and when Saint-Mars left Exiles to proceed to the 
Isles Sainte-Marguerite, he wrote to Versailles "that the 
prisoner's bed was so old and worn out " (we have previously 
seen that one of the prisoners was still alive in 1687, the 
other having died in the early part of January of the same 
year), " as well as everything he made use of, both table- 
linen and furniture, that it was not worth while to bring 
them here ; they only sold for thirteen crowns." i^ Assuredly 
if this is the Man with the Iron Mask, and if he had that 
delicate taste for fine linen, of which so much has been said, 
he must have found considerable difficulty in gratifying it. 

Saint-Mars arrives at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, which 
as yet had not been used as a State Prison, as they are at 
present. 1^ Obeying Louvois' orders he causes some new 



1* Archives of the Ministry of War. 

15 Letter given by Delort, p. 284. 

18 In 1633, Richelieu had the Fort Royal built on the northern 
shore of the Isle Sainte-Marguerite, but it was on the arrival of 
Saint-Mars that the buildings were erected which were to serve for 
prisoners of very various classes. The following unpublished letter, 
virritten by M. de Grignan, Lieutenant-General of Provence, Sep- 
tember 29, l6gi, proves that previous to this date the Isle Sainte-Mar- 
guerite was a State Prison : — 

" The guard which I had placed at Cannes have arrested a sailor, 
supposed to belong to Oneglia, who was coming from the direction of 
Genoa, and who, from his replies, in which he has varied a great deal, 
has given grounds for belief that he has been put ashore by the Spanish 
galleys and is a spy, who, under pretence of carrying to Toulon a letter 
from a captain of Genoa, was going there to obtain information. He 
has been taken to the Isles of Sainte-Marguerite. 

" L. DE Grignan, L. G. of Provence. 

" September 29, 1691, to M. de Pontchartrain. " 

■ — Archives of the Ministry of Marine, Correspondence. 



324 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

buildings to be erected,^'' in which he receives in turns 
various prisoners, especially Protestant ministers. ^^ Does 
the gaoler's behaviour change at this period ? Is it then 
that we find a trace of those peculiarities which are so 
abundantly proved, and which form one of the characteristic 
features of the story of the Man with the Iron Mask ? The 
following despatch from Barb^zieux to Saint- Mars will 
furnish us with an answer : — 



Another letter, dated July 21, 1681, from Count de Grignan to 
M. de Pontchartrain, shows that the island was beginning to be armed 
for the defence of the coast : — 

"M. de Saint-Mars, governor of the islands of Sainte-Margnerite 
and Saint-Honorat de Lerins, speaks to me of provisions which he is 
obliged to fetch from the mainland, and of the twenty-five pieces of 
cannon which require carriages." — Ibid. 

" In a despatch dated January 8, 1688, Saint-Mars hastens to 
apprise Louvois that his new prisons are quite ready and waiting to be 
occupied : — 

" Monseigneur, — I will do myself the honour to tell you that I have 
placed my prisoner, who is generally in bad health, in one of the new 
prisons which I have had built according to your instructions. They 
are large, lofty, and light, and considering their excellence, I do not 
think that there are any stronger or more secure in Europe, and in 
like manner for everything that can concern the giving of intelligence by 
word of mouth from near and far, which was not the case in the places 
where I have had the care of the late Monsieur Fouquet from the 
moment that he was arrested. With a little precaution one might even 
allow the prisoners to walk about the whole of the island, without any 
fear of their escaping or of their giving or receiving news. I take the 
liberty, monseigneur, to point out to you in detail the excellence of 
this place in case you may at any time have prisoners whom you wish 
to put in perfect security with a fair amount of liberty. 

"Throughout this province people say.tliat mine is Monsieur de 
Beaufort and others the son of the late Cromwell." 

18 The greater portion of the despatches relating to the Protestants 
confined in the islands have been given by Depping in his Correspond- 
ance Administrative sous Louis XI V. 



SAmr-MARS OFTEN ABSENT FROM DUTY. 325 

' " At the Camp before Namur, June 29, 1692.18 
" I have received your letter of the fourth of this month. 
When any of the prisoners confided to your care will not 
do what you order them, or cause a mutiny, you have only 
to ^° punish them as you may think proper." 

It has been unceasingly repeated that Saint-Mars never 
quitted his famous prisoner from the moment that he received 
him in charge. This is again one of the features characteriz- 
ing the mysterious captive, and the two men are in some 
degree always represented as the prisoners of one another. 
Do we find, either at Exiles or during the first years of 
Saint-Mars' residence at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, this 
significant peculiarity ? We are about to see : — 

"December 14, 1681. 
" Nothing prevents you from going to Casale from time 
to time, in order to see Monsieur Catinat." ^^ 

" December 22, 1681. 

" His Majesty does not disapprove of your sleeping away 
from Exiles for one night when you desire to pay a visit in 
the neighbourhood." ^^ 

"Turin, January 9, 1682. 

"Monsieur de Saint-Mars arrived at Turin yesterday. 
Some time ago when he passed through here he did me the 



19 Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars, June 29, 
1692 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 

20 The following words are here erased : — "beat them severely, and." 

21 Unpublished despatch from Louvois to Saint-Mars: — Archives of 
the Ministry of War. 

22 Ibid.:— Ibid. 



326 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

honour to stop with me. But this time M. de Masin has 
the preference." '^^ 

2S Manuscripts of the Imperial Library, Papiers d'Estrades. THs 
letter and several others in the same collection are a proof of the friend- 
ship which subsisted between Saint-Mars and the Abbe d'Estrades. 

" On the first of next month, Monsieur de Catinat," we read in 
a letter from Saint-Mars to the Abbe d'Estrades, September 27, 1681, 
' ' will be the governor of the citadel which you have brought into the 
King's possession." He refers to Casale, and these words would 
suffice to prove, what is already attested by the active part played by 
Saint-Mars with Catinat in 1679, viz., that Saint-Mars had been kept in- 
formed of all the details of the twonegotiations. Consequently, as we have 
already shown in the preceding chapter, the famous sentence of Louvois' 
despatch to Saint-Mars, August 13, 1681 — " The King having ordered 
Monsieur de Catinat to proceed as soon as possible to Pignerol on the 
same business which took him there at the commencement of the year 
1679" — ^has and can have only one meaning, that is to say, the taking 
possession of Casale, and not the arrest of a new prisoner. 

But M. Loiseleur brings forward another argument in order to 
attempt to prove that an obscure spy was arrested by Catinat in 1681. 
This is the following letter from Louvois to Saint-Mars, September 20, 
1681 : — "The King does not disapprove of your going from time 
to time to see the last prisoner whom you have in charge, when he 
is settled in his new prison, and has left that in which you are keeping 
him. His Majesty desires that you. shall execute the order which he 
has sent you," &c. And the same critic concludes, from a despatch from 
Saint-Mars to Louvois, March 11, 1682, which again mentions two 
prisoners, that, between September 20, 1681, and March 11, 1682, a 
new prisoner was confided to Saint-Mars. 

Let us remark, firstly, that the space of time in question is much 
more limited still. M. Loiseleur only made use of documents already 
published. But, November 18, 168 1, Louvois, in a despatch as yet 
unprinted, says to Saint-Mars, with reference to his prisoners : " The 
King approves of your choosing a doctor to visit your prisoners, and 
of your employing the Sieur Vignon to confess them once a year." 
From this it would appear that a new prisoner was confided to Saint- 
Mars, between September 20 and November 18, 1681 ; but, as we have 
already said in the last chapter, there is nowhere any trace of this 
prisoner, this so-called spy. On the other hand, for the despatch of 
September 20, i68i, to have the meaning which M. Loiseleur attributes 



SAINT-MARS GOES TO TURIN. ^2^ 

"April i8, 1682. 
" The King does not disapprove of your going to pay 
your respects to the Duke of Savoy.'' 

to it, one of the two prisoners of the lower' Tower must have died 
some days previous to September 20, since at this date only one pri- 
soner is spoken of Of this death or disappearance we have no proof 
or even trace. Thus the whole argument rests upon this single despatch, 
of which M. Loiseleur not only makes use in order to prove that a new 
prisoner had been confided to Saint-Mars, but from which he also 
deduces that one of the prisoners previously confined had disappeared. 

This single despatch thus standing alone, and completely unsup- 
ported, would be far from being sufiScient to establish this theory. 
Nevertheless, it is essential to discover its true meaning, so as to leave 
no doubt in the reader's mind, and to make every part of our demon- 
stration clear and plain. I acknowledge having spent a considerable 
time in thinking over this despatch, which was contradicted by all the 
others, which suited no theory, and which was nevertheless authentic 
and very exactly reproduced, since I went several times to read the 
draft of it, at the Archives of the Ministry of War. Even if it had 
possessed the meaning that M. Loiseleur attributed to it, it would not 
have destroyed my conclusions at all, since the proofs which I had 
fiimished of the obscurity of the Exiles prisoners were also applicable 
to this new prisoner brought between November and September, 1681, 
and because the superior importance of the prisoners afterwards taken 
from Pignerol to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, would nothave been demon- 
strated any the less clearly by the despatches which I am about to quote. 
But it was repugnant to me to leave a single point obscure; and after 
much reflection, and after having been for a long while of M. Loiseleur's 
opinion, although nothing outside of this despatch justifies his inter- 
pretation, I believe that I have discovered its true meaning. 

" The King does not disapprove," says the despatch which we are 
discussing, "of your going from time to time to see the last prisoner 
whom you have in charge, when he is settled in his new prison and 
has left that in which you are keeping him." At first I thought it very 
strange that one of Saint-Mars' prisoners should "settle "in his prison 
without his gaoler, and connecting this fact with the numerous despatches 
which show that at this period, or at least at one not very remote 
from it, Saint-Mars still had two prisoners, I have ended by concluding 
that tl^e word "prisoner" is not used here by Louvois in its ordinary 
sense, but figuratively. I then recollected that in 1681, as in 1679, 



328 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

"March;, 1685. 
" The King is willing that you should go for change of 
air to the place you may think best for your health." 

Catinat was at Pignerol, and treated in appearance at least as a pri- 
soner. The following despatch from Catinat to Louvois, September 
6, 1681, leaves no doubt on the subject: "I have called myself 
Guibert, (we have seen that in 1679, he had taken the name of Riche- 
mont), and I am supposed to be an engineer who has been arrested by 
the King's orders for having deserted with a number of plans of places 
on the frontiers of Flanders.- M. de Saint-Mars keeps me here with 
every appearance of my being a prisoner," &c. On the other hand, 
during Catinat's two stays at Pignerol, with two years' interval between 
them, a profound friendship had sprung up between him and Saint- 
Mars. The despatch which we are discussing was dated September 20, 
1 68 1. Now, on the 28th, Catinat was to leave, and indeed did leave 
Pignerol, and on October I, he was installed at Casale as governor. 
In an unpublished letter from Saint-Mars to the Abb^ d'Estrades, 
September 27, 1681, is an expression which explains everything : 
"I have given your letter to M. de Catinat, and he will have the 
honour to communicate with you when he is settled. He leaves to- 
morrow, Sunday, with the infantry, and no one is more your servant 
than he is. The first of next month he will be received as governor of 
the citadel which you have brought into the King's possession (Casale)." 
— Imperial Library, Manuscripts, Papiers d'Estrades. Now this very 
expression, "when he is settled," occurs in Louvois' despatch, Sep- 
tember 20, which Saint-Mars had just received when he was writing to 
d'Estrades. 

But, it will be said, why does Louvois make use of the words 
" in his new prison " to describe Casale? Because, no doubt, Catinat 
had not left Louvois ignorant that a monotonous residence at Casale 
was disagreeable to him, and that he would very much prefer to return 
to the army of Flanders. Lastly, December 14, 1681, Louvois writes 
to Saint-Mais, who, from his excessive scruples, had probably renewed 
his request for an authorisation : " Nothing need prevent your going 
to Casale from time to time, in order to visit M. Catinat." 

It is therefore to Catinat that reference is made in the despatch of 
September 20, 1681, to Catinat, the last of the prisoners whom Saint- 
Mars still had in his care, for, since the month of June, Matthioly had 
been confided to Villebois, and the two prisoners left to Saint-Mars 
were two "crows," whom no doubt he had already taken to Exiles. 



SAINT-MARS VISITS NICE. 329 

" March 20, 1685. 

" Madame de Saint-Mars having told me that you wished 
to go to the baths of Aix in Savoy, I have informed the 
King, and his Majesty has commanded me to acquaint you 
that he is pleased to giant you permission to absent yourself 
from Exiles on this ground for the space of a fortnight or 
three weeks." 

"July 5, 1688.24 
"The King approves of your absenting yourself from 
the place where you command, two days a month, and also 
of your returning the Governor of Nice the visit he has 
paid you." ^^ 

Thus, save the precautions taken to prevent an escape — 
and we have seen that these were prescribed to Saint-Mars, 
in the same form and with the same minute instructions, 
for all prisoners alike, whoever they might be, even for 
that Eustache d'Auger, who was turned into a servant 
for Fouquet — save, I say, these precautions, necessary but 
exaggerated by Saint-Mars' scruples, we do not find in 
these two captives any of the essential characteristics of the 
Man with the Iron Mask. Not that we accept all those 
with which romance has adorned him. But, however in- 
significant exact history may represent him, is he to be 



It is to Catinat that he refers, and this despatch can no longer be made 
to serve as a pretext for the theory according to which a new prisoner 
was arrested by Catinat in 1681. 

2* Saint-Mars was now at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. 

^ This and the three preceding despatches are from Louvois to 
Saint-Mars, and are to be found in the Archives of the Ministry 
of War. 



330 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

recognized in one of those two men,'^^ termed " crows ' by 
Saint-Mars, " these sort of people " by Louvois, treated in 
the manner we have seen ; the total value of whose effects, 
linen, and furniture, was only thirteen crowns, and whom 
their gaoler received permission to leave frequently and for 
considerable periods of time ? 

But there is another result of our researches, quite as 
unknown as that which we have just set forth. 

Saint-Mars is at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, which he 
does not scruple to leave from time to time. All at once, 
on February 26, 1694, the Minister announces to him the 
approaching arrival at the islands of three State prisoners who 
are then in the donjon of Pignerol. He inquires of Saint- 
Mars " if there are secure places to confine them in," and 
orders him to make preparations, repairs, and the necessary 
arrangements for their reception. ^^ In another letter, on 



^* The "crow" taken by Saint-Mars to the Islands was undoubt- 
edly the Jacobin monk, as is proved by the following despatch 
from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars: "Versailles, August 13, 1691 — Your 
letter of the 26th of last month has been handed to me. When 
you have anything to inform me concerning the prisoner who has been 
in your charge for the last twenty years, I beg you to adopt the same 
precautions as you made use of when communicating with M. de 
Louvois." Twenty years is undoubtedly a round number, and the 
Jacobin monk, imprisoned since 1674, had then suifered seventeen 
years of captivity. A great deal of importance has been ascribed to this 
despatch, because it was one of the very few belonging to this period 
which were known to exist. We have just seen, however, that its value 
is very much diminished by comparison with the other letters which 
we have transcribed. The recommendation that Barbezieux gives in 
it is purely a matter of form, and similar injunctions were transmitted to 
Villebois and afterwards to Laprade, when charged with the care of 
Matthioly. 

2' Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars, Feb- 
ruary 26, 1694 :— Archives of the Ministry of War. 



ARRIVES AT THE ISLES STE.-MARGUERITE. 331 

the following 20tli of March, Barb^zieux adds these words, 
the great importance of which it is unnecessary to point 
out : " You well know that they are of more importance, 
at least, one of them, than those who are now at the islands, 
and you ought to place them by preference in the most 
secure prisons."-^ Then he orders him "to prepare the 
furniture and plate necessary for their use, and impresses 
upon him that the works which he is compelled to have 
done should be ready on their arrival." By the same 
courier he forwards fifteen hundred livres to meet the first 
expenses. 

A few days afterwards, in fact, three prisoners arrived 
at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, surrounded by a very strong 
escort, in charge of the commandant of Pignerol, who alone 
gave them their food,^9 and guided by two sure men sent on 
in advance by the Governor ; among these prisoners, as we 
shall see hereafter, was the one whom Saint-Mars some 
years later took to the Bastille. 

28 Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint- Mars, March 20, 
1694 : — Ibid. 

29 "The King charges you that no one but yourself shall give 
them to eat, as you have done since they were confided to your care ; " 
— Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Laprade, who, on the 
death of Villebois, succeeded to the governorship of the donjon of 
Pignerol. 



332 7 HE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XXIII. 

Behaviour of Charles IV. , Duke of Mantua, towards his ex-Minister — 
His true Sentiments with reference to him — Precautions pre- 
scribed to Villebois and Laprade for the Prisoners left by Saint- 
Mars at Pignerol. — Change in Louis XIV. 's Position in Italy — 
Transfer of the Pignerol Prisoners to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite — 
Instructions given to Marshal de Tesse — Increase of Saint-Mars' 
Watchfulness — Mystery surrounding the three Prisoners — Great 
Importance of one of them compared with the others — It is he who 
was the Man with the Iron Mask. 

Matthioly was left by Saint-Mars at Pignerol, and the long 
silence concerning him preserved by Louvois and Saint- 
Mars from the time of the latter's departure for Exiles, 
receives in that manner its natural explanation. When I 
had assured myself of this, I sought in the Archives of the 
Ministry of War for all the despatches addressed either by 
Louis XIV. or by the Minister to the Sieur de Villebois, 
Governor of the donjon, or to the Sieur Laprade, who, 
after the latter's death, in April 1692, replaced him in 
these duties. Now, I have not only found in these 
despatches the confirmation of Matthioly's presence at 
Pignerol, but also fresh proofs of the very strict pre- 
cautions of which the prisoners left in this citadel continued 
to be the objects. 



CHARLES IV. AND MATTHIOLY. 333 

It has often been asked how it was that the Duke of 
Mantua should have remained indifferent to the fate of his 
old favourite, and not have inquired concerning him of 
Louis XIV., whom he ought to have known was alone in a 
position to furnish him with information. As the despatches 
from the Court of Mantua, published either by Delort or by 
others, do not mention Matthioly's name after the date of 
his arrest, people have explained this silence by the frivolous 
indifference of the young duke, and it must be admitted 
that the character of this prince rendered such an explana- 
tion very probable. Moreover, this silence has very much 
contributed to diminish the importance of Count Matthioly, 
and we have been told many times that there could have 
been nothing very considerable in the position of a person 
who suddenly disappeared without his master even think- 
ing of inquiring what had become of him. But this is an 
error. However light and careless Charles IV. may have 
been, he did occupy himself with the fate of Matthioly ; but 
far from endeavouring to deliver him, he regarded his 
release as a danger. Indeed, by breaking off the project of 
the cession of Casale by his desertion, Matthioly had not 
only tricked Louis XIV., but had also profoundly incensed 
the Duke of Mantua, whom he had thus surrendered to the 
violent recriminations, and perhaps later, to the vengeance 
of the other Italian princes. If Louis XIV. had not had 
him carried off, Charles IV. would have charged himself with 
this care, and would have brought about the disappearance 
of the inconvenient witness of his intrigues with the Court of 
Versailles, the agent who had negotiated the sale of one of 
the keys of Italy, the confidant whose very existence was a 
reproach, whose words were an ever-threatened accusation, 



334 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

and whose testimony was invaluable to the enemies of the 
Duke of Mantua. 

" M. de Mantua," writes the Abbd d'Estrades to 
Pomponne, June lo, 1679, "shows uneasiness as to what 
can have become of Matthioly, whose conduct he blames'. 
.... I inform him concerning Matthioly that, although I 
do not know where he is, and for the last two months have 
had no news of him, I do not hesitate to assure him that he 
cannot interfere at all in our negotiation, and that he will 
not even have the least suspici|0n of it ; that he may set his 
mind at rest concerning this, and that I pledge him my 
word for it." ^ 

Two years afterwards the Abbd Morel, the French 
ambassador, when about to proceed to Mantua, to Charles 
IV., with the view of renewing the project of surrender, 
writes from Turin to Louis XIV. : — 

"Turin, August 9, 1681. 

"I have no doubt that on my return to Mantua, the 
Duke will question me as to what will be done with Matioly 
after the execution of the treaty. Perhaps it would be as 
well to give me a line of information on this point." 2 

And Louis XIV. himself replies in a manner to calm 
Charles IV.'s uneasiness, but still without revealing the 
place of Matthioly's confinement : — 

" Fontainebleau, August 21, 1681. 

" I have already informed you that you may assure the 
Duke of Mantua that Mathioly will not leave the place 

1 Unpublished despatch : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. 

2 Unpublished despatch from the Abb^ Morel to Louig. XIV. : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 15. 



CHARLES IV.' S TRUE SENTIMENTS. 335 

where he is without the consent of that prince ; and if there 
are any other measures to be taken for his satisfaction, you 
will inform me of them. On this, etc." 3 

Can one have any doubt of the true sentiments of the 
Duke of Mantua after reading the following despatch? — 

" The Duke of Mantua has learnt with much joy and 
with sentiments of lively gratitude, what it has pleased your 
Majesty to order me to inform him concerning Matthioli. 
He had intended to thank me this evening personally in an 
audience which he wished to accord me ; but I have found 
it impossible to attend, owing to a very painful rheumatism 
in the neck, which has forced me to keep my bed during the 
last three days." * 

This joy of Charles IV. on learning that he no longer 
had to dread the sudden appearance of his accomplice is 
sadly significant. He could again treat with Louis XIV. 
without fearing lest his too well-informed ex-minister should 
proceed to impress upon the attention of the other princes 
the conditions to which the Duke of Mantua had agreed, by 
consenting to put himself under the complete control of the 
most dangerous of Italy's enemies. Everything thus com- 
bined to perpetuate the confinement of the unfortunate 
Minister, and the interest of Charles IV. as much as the 
pride of Louis XIV. required that he who had deceived the 
one and humiliated the other should be removed from 
the world for ever. 

This was done ; and we have seen with what a mystery 

' Unpublished despatch from Louis XIV. to the Abbe Morel : — 
Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 15. 

* Unpublished despatch from the Abbe Morel to Louis XIV. : — Ibid. 



336 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASJT. 

and with what an abundance of precautions and minute 
cares Villebois was charged to guard him at Pignerol, after 
Saint-Mars' departure for Exiles. Villebois never once left 
his prisoner. On March 22, 1682,* actuated by a scruple 
similar to those which had often possessed Saint-Mars, 
Villebois asked the Minister, to whom he was to confide 
the care of his prisoners if he should fall ill? Louvois 
replied, " To the one in whom you have most confidence." 
"The King approves," wrote the Minister, April 13, 1682, 
" of your lending the prisoners with whose care you are 
charged the books of devotion which they ask of you, 
taking all due precautions tiiat these may not serve to give 
them intelligence of any kind." ® " With reference to the 
priest whom the prisoners ask for," we read in a despatch 
of December 11, 1683, "I have to tell you that they 
should only be allowed to confess once a year." ? "I have 
received your letter of the 14th of last month," writes 
Louvois, May i, 1684, " from which I perceive the rage of 
the Sieur Matthioly's servant {valet) ^ towards you, and the 
manner in which you have punished him, which must cer- 
tainly be approved of, and you ought always to act in the 
same manner on a like occasion." On November 26, 1689, 
Louvois leams " that some one had come by night fo a 
door of the bastion of Pignerol, where the apairtments of 
the prisoners are situated, with the intention of getting in," 
and he orders Villebois " to omit nothing to endeavour to 

5 Unpublished despatch from Louvois to Villebois, March 30, 1682 : 
—Archives of the Ministry of War. 

^ Hid., April 13, 1682. 

' Ibid., December 11, 1685. 

8 Here followed "de chambre," but these two words have been 
erased. 



LOUIS XIV:S POSITION IN ITAL Y. 337 

discover those who have done so." 9 On July 28, 1692, 
when the Sieur de Laprade is about to assume the governor- 
ship, left vacant by Villebois' death, Barbezieux writes to 
him "that he cannot take too many precautions for the 
security of the prisoners with whose care he is charged." 
The same instructions are addressed to him on October 3 1 
following.!" Despite these incessant precautions, and the 
vigilance of which he was the object, Matthioly still en- 
deavoured to give tidings of himself, but it was only on the 
linings of his pockets that be managed to write a few words. 
He was discovered, and the Minister writes to Laprade, 
December 27, 1693, "You have merely to burn what 
remains of the little pieces of the pockets "on which 
Matthioly and his man have written, and which you have 
found in the lining of their coats, where they had hidden 
them." 11 

This care in destroying everything that might reveal 
Matthioly's presence at Pignerol had at that time become 
especially necessary. It was no longer, as in 1679, merely 
Louis XIV. 's pride which exacted that the greatest mystery 
should surround his victim's existence. Since the date of 
the abduction, the face of things in Italy had changed. 
The King of France could no longer hold forth there as a 
master ; his armies had ceased to be constantly victorious, 
and he was expiating his impolitic and inopportune inter- 
ference in the affairs of the peninsula. That petty Duke 



3 Unpublished despatches from Louvois to Villebois of May I, 
1684, and November 26, 1689. 

ID Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Laprade, July 28 
1692. 

n Ibid., December 27, 1693. 

22 



338 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

of Savoy, whom we saw twelve years previously submitting 
himself, with imprecations, to the yoke of his imperious 
neighbour, had, in 1693, attained a position which enabled 
him to exercise over the progress of events an influence 
much greater than that due to the extent of his territories. 
This Prince had succeeded in counterbalancing the weak- 
ness of his position by his duplicity in changing his alliances, 
by his dissembling language, and by his happy promptitude 
in making use of favourable circumstances. In his policy 
he had always preferred sharp practices to honest acts, and 
he deceived in turn and with equal perfidy both Louis XIV. 
and the enemies of the King of France. The latter was 
anxious for peace, with the view of directing all his eiforts 
and all his attention towards the question of the Spanish suc- 
cession, just about to open; and peace depended almost 
entirely upon Victor-Amadeus, who, at first so humble, and 
for a long time so despised, was now taking his revenge. 
" We are proud, and wish to make use of the necessity in 
which we know very well that the King is placed, in order 
to make a general peace for ourselves,'' said the Marquis 
de Saint-Thomas,!'' Minister of Savoy, to Count de Tessi^. 
So it was no longer the restitution of the conquests made 
in Piedmont, and the surrender of Caslae, that Victor- 
Amadeus demanded, but the possession of Pignerol, that 
valuable acquisition of Richelieu, a French town for the 
last sixty years, and whose surrender, which Louis XIV. 
finished by resigning himself, was a just expiation for his 
ambitious projects of aggrandisement. Possessing already 
one of the keys of Italy, he had wished to acquire the 

" Letter from Tess^ to Barbezieux, December 1693 : — Archives of 
tlie Ministry of War, 1271. Given by M. Rousset, vol. iv. p. 531. 



SURRENDER OF PIGNEROL. 339 

Other, so as to keep under his control the Duke of Savoy, 
who would thus have been enclosed between two for- 
midable towns, and he was now compelled to cede him 
Pignerol, and to withdraw his troops from Casale. 

Matthioly, who had played the principal part in the 
early negotiations relating to the latter place, suffered in the ^ 
obscurity of his prison the consequence of this sudden 
change in Italian affairs ; since he was one of the three 
State-prisoners whom the King of France caused to be 
transferred from Pignerol to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, 
March 19, 1694. Not that his name was then men- 
tioned. After the despatch of December 27, 1693, con- 
cerning what he had written on his coat-pockets, he was 
no longer named. Indeed, it was more than ever neces- 
sary to hide from every one this victim of an audacious 
and inexcusable offence against international law. The 
discontent of Europe against Louis XIV. being extremely 
strong, and the interests of his policy requiring him to 
calm it at any price, it was then especially essential to 
cover with impenetrable mystery an existence which re- 
called at once the menacing ambition, the audacity, and also 
the defeat of a great king. So there have, perhaps, 
never been so many minute precautions imposed for a 
journey of this nature. At the same time that Laprade was 
receiving the most circumstantial and precise instructions 
with reference to the transfer, the Marquis d'Herleville, 
Governor of Pignerol, and the Count de Tessd, com- 
manding the French troops in that place, had orders " to 
furnish escorts and advance all the money required for the 
expenses of the journey." Tessd was instructed not to 
inquire the names of the prisoners, and to absolutely over- 



340 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

come every temptation to a dangerous curiosity.'^ The 
following unpublished despatch is a proof of this : — 

"Turin, March 27, 1694. 
" I do not reply to you concerning that which you have 
done me the honour to write me with your own hand, with 
reference to the prisoners of the donjon, except that I shall 
conduct myself according to your orders and instructions 
with the greatest secrecy, entire circumspection, and every 
possible measure for the security of these prisoners, without 
having the slightest temptation to the least petty curiosity."" 

But, no matter how great the precautions taken may have 
been, no matter how reserved from that date Barbdzieux and 
Saint-Mars may have shown themselves in their despatches, 
these still disclose something; and, fine as may be the 
thread which will permit us to follow Matthioly to his 
death, it is nevertheless visible. 

The prisoners delivered over by Laprade to Saint-Mars 
were old captives, whom the latter had already had in 
charge at Pignerol. This is clear : ist, from a despatch, 
dated January ri, 1694, in which the Minister asks Saint- 
Mars the name of one of Laprade's prisoners who had just 
died ; 1^ . 2nd, from the conclusion of the first despatch, 

IS Unpublished despatches from Barbezieux to Laprade, March 20, 
1694, and from Louis XIV. to the Marquis d'Herleville, March 19, 
1694. 

" Unpublished despatch from Marshal de Tesse to Barbezieux, 
March 27, 1694 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 

^' January 1 1, 1694, Barbezieux writes to Saint-Mars : " The Sieur 
de Laprade, to whom the King has confided the care of the prisoners 
who are confined by his Majesty's orders in the donjon of Pignerol, 
WTites me word that the one who has been imprisoned longest is dead, 
and that he does not know his name. As I have no doubt but that 



MATTHIOLY AND HIS GAOLERS. 341 

announcing to Saint-Mars the approaching arrival of the 
prisoners at Pignerol : " I do not inform you of the number, 
persuaded that you know it ; " ^^ 3rd, from that significant 
phrase which we have already quoted from the second 
despatch relating to the transfer of these prisoners : " You 
know that they are of more consequence, or at least one 
of them, than those who are now at the Islands, and you 
ought to place them by preference in the surest 
prisons." >'' Now it is quite certain, that at the time 
of his departure from Pignerol to Exiles, Saint-Mars had no 
other considerable prisoner except Matthioly, Fouquet 
being dead and Lauzun set at Hberty. We may remark, 
too, that it is in Villebois' care that he leaves him, Ville- 
bois who, with Catinat, had been charged with the mission 
of arresting Matthioly on the road to Turin. '^ When 
' Villebois dies, it is another of Saint-Mars' confidential 
lieutenants — the Sieur de Laprade, who is sent from the 
Islands to command in the donjon of Pignerol.^9 Conse- 
quently Saint-Mars — and this is an essential point to esta- 
blish, — did not cease to be acquainted with Matthioly's fate, 

you remember it, I beg you to inform me of it in cipher. " The oldest 
• prisoner was Eustache d' Auger, who was confined, as we have seen, 
in 1669. Anyhow it could not be Matthioly, since we have given a 
few pages back a despatch from Laprade, December 27, 1693, in 
which he mentions his name in reference to what he had vnritten on the 
lining of his coat. Now Laprade would never have asked in January, 
1694, the name of a prisoner whom he knew in December, 1693. 

i« Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars, February 
20, 1694. 

" Ibid., March 20, 1694. 

i« Despatch from Catinat to Louvois, May 3, 1679 :— Given by 
Delort, p. 212. 

19 Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars, May 5, 
1692 : — Archives of the Ministry of War. 



342 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

and it is his own lieutenants who have replaced him for a 
time in guarding this prisoner. 

We have shown, in the preceding chapter,^" the evident 
obscurity of the insignificant prisoner brought by Saint- 
Mars from Exiles to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. His fur- 
niture and effects are only worth thirteen crowns ; his gaoler 
leaves him without scruple ; he is designated as " a crow." 
A new prisoner, " of more consequence than the others," 
arrives at the Islands. From that moment Saint-Mars does 
not quit them; but immediately imagines fresh measures 
for the safety of his prisoners, which the Minister aj^proves, 
July 20, 1694.-^ 

It is about this period that we find, in the official 
despatches, the name of the Sieur Favre, whom the most 
unquestionable tradition represents as having been chaplain 
of the prison at the time that the Man with the Iron Mask 
was confined there.^- Barbdzieux, who previously had not 
been troubled with this anxiety, all at once thinks of 
what would happen if Saint-Mars should fall ill, and, with 
anxious solicitude, inquires ^^ immediately what would be 
done if this should occur. 2* On January 15, 1696, we find 

2" Pp. 322-331, ante. 

^^ Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars, July 20, 
1694. 

22 Ibid., December 5, 1694. 

28 Ibid., liecember 20, 1694. 

^f* A despatch overloolted by M. Topin when writing this work, but 
subsequently published by him, and in which Saint-Mars describes the 
minute precautions he adopts in order to ensure the safe custody of his 
prisoners and prevent them from communicating with any one, is suffi- 
ciently curious to he given at full length : — 

" Monseigneur, — 

" You command me to inform you how people would act when I 
am absent or ill, with reference to the precautions which are taken and 



BARBEZIEUX'S ANXIETY. 343 

a new despatch from Barbezieux, expressing, in the King's 
name and his own, the satisfaction experienced on learning 

the visits which are paid every day to the prisoners vrho are committed 
to my care. 

" My two lieutenants give them to eat at fixed hours, as they have 
seen me do, and as I still do very often when I am well ; and this is 
how, Monseigneur. The senior of my lieutenants takes the keys of the 
prison of my old prisoner, with whom they commence, opens the three 
doors and enters the chamber of the prisoner, who politely hands him 
the dishes and plates which he has placed on the top of one another in 
■order to give them to the lieutenant, who only goes out through two of the 
doors to hand them to one of my sergeants, who receives them and 
carries them to a table two paces off, where is my second lieutenant, 
who examines everything that enters or leaves the prison, so that 
he may see that there is nothing written on the plate ; and after 
everything necessary has been given him [the prisoner], a search is 
made in and under his bed and among the vrindow-bars of his chamber, 
as well as in the wihole of the chamber, and very often on himself ; 
after having veiy civilly asked him if he has need of anything, they shut 
the doors and go to do the same for the other prisoners. 

" Twice a week their table-linen is changed, as well as their shirts 
and the linen of which they in?,ke use, which is given to them and 
taken away again after having been counted and after everything has 
been well searched. 

"One can be very much cheated about the linen when it leaves 
and enters for the service of prisoners who are people of consideration, 
as I have had some who have wished to bribe the laundresses, who 
have acknowledged to me, which they had little difficulty in doing, 
what had been said to them, on account of whigh I used to have 
all their linen steeped in water on leaving their chambers, and when 
it was clean and half dry, the laundresses came to iron and smooth 
it in my apartments in the presence of one of my lieutenants, who 
locked up the baskets in a chest until they were handed over to 
the servants of messieurs the prisoners. There is much to be' distrusted 
in candles ; I have found some which on being broken or used con- 
tained paper instead of wicks. I used to send to buy some at Turin 
at shops not tampered with. It is also very dangerous for ribbon to 
leave a prisoner's apartment, as he writes on it as on linen without any 
one being aware of it. 

" The late Monsieur Fouquet made fine and good paper on which 
I allowed him to write, and afterwards I went and took it from a little 



344 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

the precautions adopted.-* On October 29, 1696, the 
Minister causes the locks of the donjon of Pignerol to be 
sent to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, in order to render the 
confinement of the prisoners more seture.^^ 

But there follows a despatch more significant still. Its 
existence was first revealed, then contested, and historical 
criticism, finished by no longer believing in it, and by 
rejecting it altogether. Nevertheless it exists, and I have 
reproduced it in Chapter V.^' It concludes thus : " With- 
out explaining yourself to any one whatever about what 
your old prisoner has done." 

These words : " Your old prisoner, " have grg,mmatically 
but one meaning — that is to say, the prisoner whom you 

pocket which he had made in the seat of his breeches, which I sent to 
Monseigneur your late father." 

[The comitiencement of the second leaf has been torn ; the following 
only remains : — ] 

"As a last precaution, the prisoners are searched from time to time, 
both day and night, at hours which are not fixed, when it is often 
found that they have written on dirty linen that which they alone are 
able to read, as you will have seen from that which I have had the 
honour to forward you. If it is necessary, Monseigneur, that I should 
do anything else in order to more completely fulfil my duty, I shall 
glory all my life in obeying you with the same respect and submission 
as I am, 

"Monseigneur, 
" Your very humble, very obedient, and very obliged sei"vant, 

"De Saint-Mars. 

" At the Islands, this January 6, 1696." 

' ' The above despatch, as well as the one given on p. 324, note I f, 
ante, is to be found in draft in the collection of M. Mauge-du-Bois^ 
des-Entes. They have both been given by Monmerque and Cham- 
polIion-Figeac. — Trans. 

^^ Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars. 

26 Ibid., October 29, 1696. 

2' See p. 61, ante. 



POPULAR CURIOSITY AT THE ISLANDS. 345 

formerly had in your care, and who has been again con- 
fided to you. Besides, I may remark, that if there should 
be any doubt about the meaning, this phrase cannot 
possibly apply to the prisoner brought by Saint-Mars from 
Exiles, since he arrived at the island in April, 1687. For, 
how can we imagine that the inhabitants of Sainte-Mar- 
guerite would have waited ten years, before concerning 
themselves with the causes of his confinement? This 
curiosity of the inhabitants of the island, this astonishment, 
the prime origin of the legend which became current in the 
district, is very naturally explained by the arrival of the 
prisoners from Pignerol, surrounded by a strong escort, 
guarded by Saint Mars' confidential men, placed, one at 
least, in the most secure prison, and the importance of 
whom was attested by the preparations, repairs, and pur- 
chases executed at the time by Saint-Mars. There is 
nothing striking in the treatment of the prisoner brought 
from Exiles, nothing which could excite surprise, and, any- 
how, there is the positive certainty that this surprise 
would have been produced in any case during the early 
years of his residence at the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. 

Pignerol was restored to the Duke of Savoy a short 
time after the arrival of the new prisoners at the islands. 
I have carefully looked through all the despatches exchanged 
between Lamothe-Gudrin, Saint-Mars' successor at the 
Islands, and the Court of Versailles, during the ten years 
(1698 to 1708) which followed the latter's departure for 
the Bastille.28 Not one of them contains the name of 

^ I have read one by one all the despatches addressed during the 
years 1698-1708 by the Ministers Chamillart and Voysin (successors of 
Barbezieux at the Ministry of War) to Lamothe-Guerin, and nothing in 
them applies to Matthioly. , [Barbezieux 



346 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Matthioly, or makes mention of an important prisoner, left 
behind by Saint-Mars. Matthioly was still at Pignerol on 
December 27, 1693, a few months previous to the transfer 
of the three prisoners to the Isles Sainte-Marguerite. They 
were all old captives formerly in the care of Saint-Mars. 
The latter, we have seen, was ignorant of the causes of 
their detention, save of Matthioly' s alone. The logical con- 
clusion of our preceding remarks is, therefore, that these 
words : " Without explaining yourself to any one whatever 
about what your old prisoner has done^' are applicable to 
what the Government of Versailles termed the treason of 
Matthioly. 

If this be admitted — and we trust that our readers will 
have no doubt with reference to it — if it be admitted that 
the] despatch of November 17, 1697, is applicable to 
Matthioly, the only prisoner, we must again repeat, whose 
crime Saint-Mars was acquainted with, the identity of the 
Man with the Iron Mask is established. 

On March i, 1698, Barbdzieux offers Saint-Mars the 
nomination to the Governorship of the Bastille. ^9 He accepts 
this offer, and, on June 17, 1698, the Minister replies -^ — 



[Barbezieux, incensed at the elevation of his rival Chamillart, gave 
himself up to dissipation in order to drown his annoyance. He retired 
to his chS,teau of L'Etang at the boundary of the park of Saint-Cloud, 
where he feasted and rioted withhis friends, and was seized with a fever 
consequent upon his excesses, of which he died a few days afterwards 
at the age of thirty-three. See Mimoires de Saint-Simon. — Trans.'\ 

'"' Unpublished despatch from Barbezieux to Saint-Mars. I repro- 
duce it word for word : — 

" At Versailles, the first of March, 1698. 
" I commence by offering you my condolence on the death of your 
brother-in-law, for which you will not doubt I am very sorry, both on 
account of his services and of my friendship for him. ["I 



SAINT-MARS GOVERNOR OF THE BASTILLE. 347 

"Versailles, June 17, 1698. 

" I have remained a long time without answering the 
letter which you have taken the trouble to write me the 8 th 
of last month, because the King has not explained his 
intentions to me earlier. I shall now tell you that his 
Majesty has seen with pleasure that you are determined to 
come to the Bastille in order to be its governor. You can 
arrange everything so as to be ready to leave when I shall 
write to you, and bring your old prisoner with you in all 
safety. 

"I have agreed with Mons. Saumery that he shall give 
you two thousand crowns for your expenses in moving your 
furniture," 



" I also write to you concerning the proposal to exchange your 
governorship of the Isles Sainte-Marguerite against that of the Bas- 
tille. The reply which you have made to him has been handed 
to me since his death. The revenue of this governorship consists of 
15, 168 livres on the estates of the King, besides two thousand addi- 
tional which M. Bezemaux derived from the shops around the Bastille 
and the ferry-boats depending on the governor. 

" It is true that out of this M. Bezemaux was obliged to pay a number 
of sergeants and soldiers for the guard of the prisoners in his care, but 
you know, from what you derive from your company, to what these 
expenses amount. ' Having enumerated the value of this governor- 
ship, I shall now say to you that it is for you to know your own interests, 
that the King does not force you to accept it, if it is not agreeable to 
you, and at the same time I do not doubt that you will take account of 
the profit that is generally made upon what the King gives for the keep 
of the prisoners, which profit may become considerable. There is also 
the pleasure of being in Paris with one's family and friends, instead of 
being confined to an extremity of the kingdom. If I may give my 
opinion, it seems to me very advantageous, and I believe, for the 
reasons given above, that you would not lose by the exchange. I beg 
you nevertheless to write me your opinion frankly concerning that : " — 
Archives of the Ministry of War. 



348 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

The igth July following, Barbdzieux wrote again : — 

" Marly, July 19, 1698. 

" I have received the letter that you have taken the 
trouble to write me the 9th of this month. The King 
approves of. your leaving the Isles Sainte-Marguerite to 
come to the Bastille with your old prisoner, taking your 
precautions to prevent his being seen or known by any one. 
You can write in advance to his Majesty's Lieutenant of 
this chateau to have a chamber ready to place this prisoner 
in on your arrival." 

We thus find, in the two despatches sent to Saint-Mars 
on the eve of his departure for the Bastille, at that very 
important moment when he is about to commence his 
journey across France, these same characteristic words : — 
" Your old prisoner." This is not all. What I have termed 
the perfect agreement, the exact correspondence between 
the prisoner who entered the Bastille, September 18, 1698, 
and Matthioly, is rendered more complete and more exact 
still by the only document concerning the Man with the Iron 
Mask, besides despatches, which has as yet been admitted 
without controversy — viz., Dujonca's Journal. If we refer to 
Chapter XIII.so of the present work we shall perceive that he 
too terms the prisoner who accompanied Saint-Mars " his old 
prisoner whom he had at Pignerol." At the Bastille he was 
called merely the " prisoner from Provence," ^1 because it 
was in Provence that he was confided to Saint-Mars, and 
Dujonca is none the less exact in terming him the old 

"» P. 164, ante. 

81 The Count de Pontchartrain to Saint-Mars, November 3, 1698 : 
"The King approves of your prisoner from Provence confessing and 
communicating whenever you think proper." 



CONFINED IN ONLY THREE PRISONS. 349 

prisoner from Pignerol, since Matthioly had been two years 
at Pignerol under the care of Saint-Mars. Of all the 
captives of whom Saint-Mars was the gaoler, Matthioly is 
thus the only one who reconciles the two apparently con- 
tradictory features of the Man mth the Iron Mask, whom 
an undoubted tradition represents as having been brought 
to Saint-Mars at the Islands, and whom indisputable docu- 
ments show to have also been imprisoned at Pignerol. The 
general error has been to represent the Iron Mask as going 
from Pignerol to Exiles, the name of which was never 
mentioned by Dujonca, and not to pay sufficient attention 
to this fact, viz., that tradition as well as rare contemporary 
documents assign only three prisons, and not four, to the 
mysterious captive : Pignerol, the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, 
and the Bastille. 



350 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 



CHAPTER XXIV. 

The Use of a Mask formerly very general — Frequently adopted for' 
Prisoners in Italy — Its Employment not difficult in the Case of 
Matthioly — Origin of the Legend of the Man with the Iron 
Mask — As to the Transmission of the Secret from King to King 
— Louis XV. and Louis XVIII.— How it is that the Des- 
patches which we have quoted have remained unpublished — 
Concerning the Silence of Saint-Simon — Dujonca — Taules' Objec- 
tion — Louvois' harsh Language — Matthioly's Age — Concerning the 
Name of Marchialy — Order for Matthioly's Arrest — Arrival of the 
Duke of Mantua in Paris — Conclusion. 

But what about the mask ? some one will say, — the mask, 
which is the characteristic feature of the mysterious prisoner, 
a feature more striking than all the others, because that 
whilst the latter are only known to those people who read, 
the former is recalled by the very name of the famous 
captive, which one cannot pronounce without picturing him 
to oneself with a mask covering his face ? Need we say 
that the custom of wearing a mask was formerly very general 
among the great ? Need we quote the example of Marie de 
Medicis, whom the exact Hdroard * represents as going to 
see the young Louis XIII., " who kisses her beneath her 
mask ? " Or the Duchess de Montpensier's ladies of honour 
whom she authorised to cover their faces with masks of 

1 Journal, vol. i. p. 133. 



THE USE OF THE MASK. 351 

black velvet ? '-^ Or, again, the Marechale de Clerambault, 
whom Saint-Simon 3 describes "as always wearing a mask of 
black velvet on the high road or in the galleries ? " Need 
we recall Madame de Maintenon concealing her face under a 
mask,* when she comes seven different times to Versailles to 
seek the children just born of Madame de Montespan and 
Louis XIV., and to take them mysteriously to Paris in a 
fiacre. Or the wives of certain rich financiers who, in 1683, 
dared to wear a mask even in the churches,^ and thus pro- 
voked a severe ordonnance from La Reynie, the Lieutenant 
of Police ? 

But if at this period we find very frequent examples of the 
use of a maslif. in the ordinary course of life, there is absolutely 
no authentic example of the wearing of a mask being enforced 
upon a prisoner, and such a measure is altogether peculiar 
to the famous captive. It has been concluded from this 
that the prisoner so exceptionally treated must have been of 
exceptional importance, and that there was some especial in- 
terest in concealing his countenance. But, if this were the 
case, why was he conducted to the Bastille, where a moment 
of forgetfulness might cause him to be recognized by one 
of his fellow-captives, and almost infallibly by one of the 
numerous officers of the fortress ? Would it not have been 
as prudent as it was easy to have avoided this danger by 
leaving him at the Isles Sainte Marguerite ? In order to 
explain the removal, it has been said that Louis XIV. 
desired to have the prisoner nearer himself This is 

2 Mlmoires de Mademoiselle de Montpensicr, vol. iii. p. 225. 
8 Memoires de Saint-Simon, vol. xiii. p. 16. 
* Souvenirs de Madame de Caylus. 

6 Correspondance Administrative sous Louis XIV., vol. ii. p. 571. 
See also M. P. Clement, La Police sous Louis XIV., p. 89. 



352 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

altogether wrong. We have just given ^ the despatches 
which preceded Saint-Mars' departure for the Bastille. Do 
they contain an imperious order, unanswerable, and founded 
on reasons of State ? Far from it. The Minister informs 
Saint-Mars that the governorship of the Bastille has just 
become vacant, and inquires if he is willing to accept it. 
Far from speaking to him of " his old prisoner " in this first 
despatch,? he touches only upon his private aflFairs, and the 
evident gain he would experience by accepting this very 
advantageous proposition ; and it is only when Saint-Mars 
decides upon doing so that the Minister charges him to 
bring "his old prisoner " with him. If this " old prisoner " 
had possessed in his features any resemblance "revealing 
his origin," he would not have been taken to Paris, or any- 
how some mention would have been made of him in the 
first despatch in which the new duties are proposed to Saint- 
Mars. 

In the case of an Italian like Matthioly, the use of the 
mask has a very natural explanation. Indeed, it is only in 
Italy that we meet with the custom of covering the face of a 
prisoner with a mask. Individuals arrested in Venice by 
order of the State inquisitors were taken masked to their 
dungeons. Moreover, we have seen Matthioly concealing 
himself with a mask in his secret interviews with the Abbe' 
d'Estrades, Louis XIV. 's ambassador. This mask 8 the 



^ Chapter xxnr., pp. 347, 348, ante. 

'' See Chap, xxiil. , note 29, pp. 346, 347, ante. 

' This mask would, however, have been of a different kind to that 
which Matthioly was afterwards compelled to wear. The latter was 
no doubt secured in such a way that it could not be removed by the 
wearer. — Trans. 



WHY MATTHIOLY WORE A MASK. 353 

Minister of the Duke of Mantua and the companion of 
his pleasures used always to carry about with him. It would 
certainly have formed part of the clothes and effects seized 
near Turin in 1678, and which were sufficiently valuable 
for Louvois to authorise Saint-Mars to take them with 
him. 10 In 1698, as at the time of his arrest, Matthioly was 
always under the ban of that order of absolute secrecy 
contained in a despatch which we. shall shortly give ; and 
Saint-Mars, as we know, was as exact and as scrupulous 
in carrying out his instructions, whether they were twenty 
years old or quite recent. Moreover, in 1678 Matthioly 
had come to Paris, charged with an official mission. 
He remained there a month. Supposing, as is probable, 
that he ran no risk, after so Igng an absence, of being recog- 
nized by the French whom he had visited, there was no 
reason why the Residents of the Duke of Mantua and the 
other Italian Princes should not do so. Lastly, an unpub- 
lished letter of Saint-Mars " and several despatches of the 
Minister of Exterior Relations prove that there was then 
in the Bastille a Count Boselli, an Italian, in whose detention 
the Marshal de Tallard appears to have been interested, 
and who, on account of his different missions, had travelled 
throughout the whole of Italy, and had been brought into 
connection with many of the illustrious families of Mantua 
and Bologna. He had doubtless known Matthioly's, and 
perhaps Matthioly himself. For all these reasons, therefore, 
it was necessary to preserve the absolute secrecy to which 
the latter had been condemned. Saint-Mars had the means 

1" Despatch from Louvois to Saint-Mars, June 9, 1681. 
" Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, section Mantua, 
27-29. 

23 



354 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

at his disposal — a means exceptional and extraordinary, but 
still very familiar to Matthioly. His face was therefore 
covered with a mask, and if this peculiarity was so striking 
to the people at the Bastille, it was principally on account of 
the prisoner's arriving there with the new governor, and 
because their attention was already excited by the expected 
arrival of Saint-Mars, preceded probably by a reputation for 
rigorous severity, and awaited, anyhow, with that impatience 
to meet a new chief which all subordinates display. It is this 
which has contributed to render so strong in Dujonca the 
impression of surprise which we meet with in his ingenuous 
journal. He has communicated this impression, thus re- 
ceived, to other officers of the Bastille. The mysterious 
memory of it is at first perpetuated within the walls of this 
formidable fortress. It would still have been talked about 
during the first half of the eighteenth century, when many 
men of letters were imprisoned there. These last have 
certainly heard the tale which, after its passage from 
one mouth to another, still contained a little of history 
and already much of legend. They have preserved pro- 
foundly engraven on their minds this story, so much more 
striking because it was told them on the very scene of the 
events, and, once liberated, they have spread it abroad 
amongst the public, and soon throughout the whole world. 
Imagination, vividly excited, has had free play. Various 
explanations have been proposed, supported, and contested. 
Great writers have taken part in this controversy, and have 
lent it the lustre of their talents.' With the view of stimu- 
lating public curiosity, people have amused themselveswith 
adding to it much that was extraordinary and marvellous, 
and thus the story of the Man with the Iron Mask has 



ORIGIN OF THE LEGEND. 355 

by degrees left the grave domain of history to enter alto- 
gether into the seductive regions of fiction. 

Next, various episodes have been successively imagined 
and added as so many embellishments to the life of the 
romantic prisoner: such as— Louvois' visit to the Isles 
Sainte - Marguerite ; the silver dish thrown out of the 
window and recovered by a fisherman, luckily for him- 
self, uneducated ;. and especially the transmission of the 
gloomy secret " from King to King, and to no other." '= 
Louvois, as we have already said," never went to the Isles 
Sainte-Marguerite, and it was a Protestant clergyman who 
threw out of the window a tin dish, covered with a few lines 
of writing. As to the transmission of the secret, which thus 
became, to a certain extent, an attribute of royalty, nothing 
proves that this ever took place when it was possible, and it 
is indisputable that it has not always been so. No doubt 
Louis XIV., on his death-bed, had. a private conversation 
with the Duke d'Orle'ans.'* That after having conversed 
with him concerning grave affairs of State, he should have 
spoken to him of the only two abductions of foreigners com- 
mitted during his reign — those of Avedick and Matthioly ; 
that at this supreme hour this King, who did not at all 
regret the persecutions inflicted upon his own subjects, 
because, even at his last moment, he was artfully made 
to consider them necessary for religion ; that this King, 
I say, should have understood, at such a time, that to 
carry off an Armenian Patriarch, and to cause a foreign 
Minister to disappear, were two extreme acts, and manifest 
violations of international law ; and that, acting under this 

" Michelet. " Chapter v., p. 62, ante. 

" Mhnoires de Saint-Simon, vol. viii, p. 66. 



3S6 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

impression, he should have recounted them to his nephew, 
may be admitted. Afterwards, the question of the Man 
with the Iron Mask having been suddenly mooted, it is 
probable the Duke d'Orl^ans or Cardinal Fleury may have 
informed Louis XV. about it. All the replies of the latter, 
when questioned, tend to confirm the opinion we have 
just estabhshed, by the examination of the despatches and 
are perfectly applicable to Matthioly.'^ That Louis XV. 

" Dutens, in his Ctf?rar/oK(/aK« /«tor^Afe, relates that " Louis XV. 
said one day to the Duke de Choiseul, that he was acquainted -H-ith the 
story of the masked prisoner. The Duke begged the King to tell him 
what it was. But he could obtain no other reply save that all the 
conjectures as yet formed concerning this prisoner were mistaken ones." 
As Madame Dubarry caused the Duke de Choiseul to be disgraced in 
1770, the conversation narrated must have taken place previous to 
this date. Now it was only on June 28, 1770, that Baron d'Heiss 
was the first person in France to advance, in a letter addressed 
to the authors of the Journal Encyclopldique, as we have stated in 
Chapter XXI., p. 295, ante, the theory which makes Matthioly the 
Man with the Iron Mask, and this letter was inserted in the part for 
August 15, 1770. The abduction of Matthioly had been narrated at 
Leyden in 1687,* but it was only in August, 1770, that the theory 
began to be known and debated. Louis XV. 's reply to the Duke 
de Choiseul can therefore be very well reconciled with the theory. 

Dutens adds that some time afterwards Madame de Pompadour 
pressed the King to give an explanation with reference to this sub- 
ject, and that Louis XV. told her that he beheved it was a minister 
of an Italian prince. 

M. Giraud (of the Institute) has often heard Madame de Boigne 



* In a work entitled Histoire aMgle de V Europe, which, after 
speaking of Matthioly's proceedings vnth reference to the treaty for the 
surrender of Casale and describing his capture and imprisonment, goes 
on to say: "At Pignerol he was thought to be too near Italy, and, 
though he was guarded very carefully, it was feared that the walls 
might tell tales ; he was therefore removed thence to the Isles Sainte- 
Marguerite, where he is at present, under the care of M. de Saint-Mars, 
the governor." — Trans. 



TRANSMISSION OF THE SECHET. 357 

may have transmitted the secret to his grandson is also 
possible, although there is nothing to estabUsh the fact of 
his having done so. But how was Louis XVIII. in a 
position to have been acquainted with it, as he is said to 



relate the following anecdote which he has given me authority to 
publish. Madame de Boigne was the daughter of the Marquis 
d'Osmond, who held a high position at the court of Louis XVI. In 
one of her conversations with the Marquis, Madame Adelaide related 
the check which her curiosity had received with reference to the Iron 
Mask. She had persuaded her brother the Dauphin to question the 
King concerning this famous prisoner, so that he might tell her the 
secret afterwards. The Dauphin was then very young, and at the first 
word that he uttered, Louis XV. inquired, smiling : " Who has 
charged you to ask me this question ? " The Dauphin acknowledged 
that it was his sister. The King refused to give a complete answer, 
but observed that the secret had never been of great importance, and at 
that time no longer possessed any interest. 

The same anecdote has been related to us in almost identical words 
by M. GuiUaume Guizot, who also had it from Madame de Boigne. 

In page 47 of the Souvenirs du Baron de Gleichen recently pub- 
lished by M. Grimblot, we read that. the Duke de Choiseul had vainly 
made researches among the Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, in order to discover the secret of the Iron Mask. There is 
nothing very surprising in this. These Archives contain all the docu- 
ments that we have reproduced or quoted, treating of Matthioly's 
abduction. They also contain, spread among a number of series and 
volumes, .the despatches which prove the evident interest that the Duke 
of Mantua had in the definitive disappearance of his ex-confidant. But 
if these documents, of which the greater portion were unpublished, 
have furnished me with arguments for the support of the Matthioly 
theory, it is not in these Archives but in those of the Ministry of War 
that I have discovered the despatches which have enabled me to 
establish the complete agreement between the individual carried off 
May 2, 1679, and the prisoner who arrived at the Bastille with Saint- 
Mars, September 18, 1698, and died there November 19, 1703. Re- 
searches made solely in the Archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, 
would have led to nothing. It was necessary to make them in all the 
collections, and afterwards to compare the various results, the combina- 
tion of which alone enables us to obtain a solution of the problem. 



358 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

have been ? When, as Count de Provence, he quitted Paris, 
Louis XVI. did not foresee the catastrophe which was so near. 
Will it be said that in the depths of his prison, the unhappy 
King may have remembered the necessary transmission, and 
have therefore occupied himself with informing his brother ? 
But then, also, Louis XVII. was still living. If, therefore, 
Louis XVIII. has, by means of skilfully obscured answers, 
given out that he, too, was in the secret, it was only that he 
might not seem to be deprived of a privilege which some 
persons still regarded as a prerogative of the Crown. 

Such are the embellishments with which time has adorned 
the story of the masked prisoner, and which, by transfiguring 
him, have rendered him unrecognizable. But, as has often 
been said to us, how is it that, reduced to his proper pro- 
portions, he has not been previously recognized in a defini- 
tive manner? How is it, too, since he has been the object 
of such long researches, that people have passed ovejr so 
many despatches concerning him, without even reading 
them ? To this we shall content ourselves with replying, 
that these despatches are in existence, that their authenticity 
cannot be contested, and that any one may take cognizance 
of them in the Archives of the Ministry of War or of 
Foreign Affairs. If they have remained unpublished to the 
present time, it is doubtless because they have escaped 
notice, containing, as they do, mere indications, and no 
proof revealing in a direct manner the identity of the Man 
with the Iron Mask. It is by bringing them together, and 
comparing them, that light is thrown upon them. Isolated 
they remain obscure ; having no clearness of their own, they 
have not attracted attention, and have remained buried in the 
heaps of documents among which they are still to be found. 



SILENCE OF SAINT-SIMON EXPLAINED. 359 

What objection yet remains to combat the result of this 
minute inquiry carefully conducted among innumerable 
materials ? Is it the silence of Saint-Simon ^^ in reference 
to this affair ? But this very silence tends to prove that the 
masked prisoner was the victim of an intrigue concocted 
abroad. This immortal writer has, indeed, thrown light into 
the most secret and obscure recesses of Louis XIV. 's 
Court None of its hidden wretchedness, none of its most 
secret intrigues, nothing concerning the interior of the 
Kingdom, has escaped this self-constituted observer. But, 
on the other hand, he was only acquainted with the foreign 
affairs of the end of the reign, when his friend, the Marquis 
de Torcy, had assumed the direction of them. He was 
as completely ignorant about all the others as he was 
well-informed concerning what passed within the Kingdom. 
His silence, therefore, which would be very strange, if the 
Man with the Iron Mask had belonged to a French family, 
is easily explained by the fact that this prisoner was arrested 
outside France, and in 1678. 

Will it still be maintained that the slight importance of 
a minister of the Duke of Mantua is incompatible with the 
•care that Dujonca i7 took to prepare the chamber in the 
Bastille for the Man with the Iron Mask, when in the 
■curious manuscript notes ^^ which we have found in the 



15 This objection has often been made. 

1' This is one of the points on which Father Grififet relies most of 
all in order to prove the excessive importance of this prisoner. The 
quotation which we have given from Dujonca's notes, establishes the 
fact that he was obliged to act thus for all the prisoners. But besides 
these notes, as yet unpublished, the Journal de Dujonca furnishes several 
proofs of what we advance. 

18 We have given these notes in Chapter xill. pp. 167-169, ante. 



36o THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

Archives of the Arsenal, Dujonca himself states, " That on 
the arrival of a prisoner, it is necessary to take care to have 
given and brought to him all that is essential for the 
furnishing of his chamber, paying very dearly for it to the 
Governor's upholsterer, or else to the maitresse d'autel? " 

Is it still possible to draw an objection from the silence 
concerning Matthioly preserved in the despatches addressed 
by the Minister to Saint-Mars during the years 1680 to 
i698,'9now that we know that Matthioly, contrary to the 
opinion admitted up to the present time, had remained at 
Pignerol, and was only restored to Saint-Mars a few years 
before the latter's departure for the Bastille ? 

People have often spoken of the severe treatment of 
which Matthioly was the object, and the harsh expressions 
used with reference to him by the Minister. But if there 
was indeed, for a long time, a certain harshness in Louvois' 
language, the despatches of the Abb^ d'Estrades explain 
it. This harshness was caused by the cruel disappoint- 
ment experienced by the Minister, when, notwithstanding 
Matthioly's promises, the original of the ratification of the 
treaty of Casale could not be, found among his papers. 
Previously to this, Catinat had written to Louvois : " Mon- 
sieur de Saint-Mars treats the S. de Lestang ^o very kindly 
so far as regards cleanliness and food, but very strictly 
in preventing him holding intercourse with any one." -^ 

Later, especially after the execution of the treaty, 
the old grievances disappeared, and if an incessant sur- 

1' Taul^s was the first to put forward this objection. 

™ The reader will remember that this was Matthioly's supposititious: 
name. 

2^ Despatch from Catinat to Louvois, May 6, 1679. Given by 
Delort, p. 214. 



DEATH OF MATTHIOLY. 361 

veillance was maintained, useless severity was dispensed 
with. Moreover, these harsh, coarse, and painful expres- 
sions were only too familiar to Louvois, and in some of 
his despatches he has scarcely shown himself milder with 
reference to Fouquet and De Lauzun. 

Lastly, Voltaire declares that he had heard " from the 
Sieur Marsolan, the son-in-law of the apothecary of the 
Bastille, that the latter, a short time previous to the death 
of the masked prisoner, learnt from him that he believed 
himself to be about sixty years old." Now Matthioly, born 
in 1640, was, in reality, sixty-three years of age when he 
died. 

He died, and the registers of the Church of Saint-Paul -2 

22 The following is a literal translation of the entry in the Register 
in question, a, facsimile of which forms the frontispiece to the present 
volume : — 

" The 19th Marchialy aged forty-five years or about has died in the 
bastile, whose body has been buried in the cemetery of st. Paul his parish 
the 20th of the present [month] in the presence of Monsieur Rosage 
major of the bastile and Mr. Reglhe surgeon-major of the bastile who 
have signed. 

"ROSARGES." "ReILHE." 

In La Bastille Devoilie, a work of doubtful authenticit y, as also in 
the Melanges tfHistoire et de Littiraiure of Mr. Quintin Craufurd, who 
professes to make the statement on the authority of M. Delaunay, the 
unfortunate governor of the Bastille in the reign' of Louis XVI. , it is 
asserted that the prisoner " was buried in a winding-sheet of new 
linen ; and for the most part everything that was found in his chamber 
was burnt, such as every part of his bed, including the mattresses, his 
tables, chairs, and other utensils, which were all reduced to powder 
and to cinders, and thrown into the drains. The rest of the things, 
such as the silver, copper, and pewter, were melted. This prisoner was 
lodged in the third chamber of the tower Bertaudike, which room was 
scraped and filed quite to the'stone, and fresh whitewashed from the 
top to the bottom. The doors and windows were burnt like the rest." 
— Trans, 



362 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

bear the name of Marchialy. The dissertations on this 
name have been as numerous as ingenious. Some persons 
— Father Griffet,^^ for instance — have discovered in it the 
letters forming the words hie amiral (Vermandois and 
Beaufort were Admirals of France), as if the employment 
of an anagram was probable under such circumstances ! 
Others*'* have beheld in it the word mar, which in the 
Armenian tongue signifies Saint, and in the East would be 
applied to the patriarchs, and the word Kialy, the Armenian 
diminutive of Michael, which was Avedick's Christian name. 
Is it not more simple and natural to regard this word as 
standing for Matthioly's name itself, which in several 
despatches . Louvois writes Marthioly ? ^^ No one can be 
ignorant of the neghgence with which proper names were 
then spelt ? ^^ Here there is only one letter changed ; 
how many examples do we not come across of much more 
important modifications ? No one could have any suspicion 
of the date of Count Matthioly's death. People were 
ignorant that Dujonca kept a journal, and it was only after- 
wards, that guided by its statements they thought of search- 
ing among the registers of the Church of Saint-Paul for the 



28 Dissertation on the Man with the Iron Mask, in his Traite des 
Diffhentes Sortes de Preuves. 

2* Mimoires de Mallet du Pan. 

25 The name is written in several ways. I have chosen the ortho- 
graphy most generally adopted in the despatches. We fincl Matioli, 
Matheoli, and Marthioly. [Also Mattioli, Matioly, and Matthioli. 
Louis XIV. writes it indiscriminately Mathioly, Matthioli, and Mat- 
thioly— in different ways even in the same despatch. — Trans. '\ 

"^^ M. P. CWment quotes a curious example of this negligence in his 
Police sous Louis XIV., p. I02, note I. The correct name of the 
Italian, accomplice of .Sainte-Croix in thej Affaire des Poisons, was 
Egidio, but in the documents he is called Exili. 



ORDER FOR MATTHIOLY'S ARREST. 363 

date of November 20, 1703, which he had assigned for the 
burial of the masked prisoner. Buf it must at least be 
admitted that at the time of this burial there was nothing 
which could sen^e to attract attention towards the registra- 
tion of November 20. Moreover, all danger of his imparting 
any confidence, all fear of a revelation of an odious violation 
of international law, had disappeared with the possessor of 
Louis XIV. 's secret, with the victim of this violation. To 
inscribe his name upon the register of an obscure church, 
where no one had the means of seeking for it, was therefore 
natural, and presented no danger. Everything that was 
essential or indispensable had been done. The abduction 
was accomplished with the greatest mystery; Matthioly's 
presence at Pignerol, and afterwards at the Islands, was 
known only to his gaoler ; his name merely mentioned in 
despatches which might be presumed to be placed for ever 
beyond investigations, then this name disappearing in its 
turn, and every trace of the prisoner, as was believed, 
effaced by these means; his changes of prison taking 
place with extraordinary precautions ; all this would have 
sufficed to have rendered any researches useless, and to 
have prevented the complete identification of Matthioly, if 
the archives at Versailles had remained impenetrable. 
Louis XIV.'s order was scrupulously executed, as will 
be seen from the despatch,"^ which it is now time to 
give, and in which the King of France caused to be 
accorded to the Abbd d'Estrades, the authorisation which 
he had solicited. 



'^ Unpublished despatch : — Archives of the Ministry of Foreign 
Affairs, section Savoy, 68. It is from this despatch that the motto of 
the present work has been taken. 



364 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

"Versailles, April 28, 1679. 
" The King has seen in your letter the confidence that 
Madame la Duchesse de Savoye had imparted to you con- 
cerning Count Matthioly's perfidy. It is rather strange that, 
feeling himself guilty to such a degree towards his Majest)'. 
he dares to trust himself in your hands. So the King thinks 
that it is good that he should not do so with impunity. 
Since you believe you can get him carried off without the thing 
causing any scandal, his Majesty desires that you should 
execute the idea that you have, and that you should have 
him taken secretly to Pignerol. An order is sent there to 
receive him, and to have him kept there without any person 
knowing about it. It will depend upon your skill to arrange 
a meeting, in order to speak with him in an unfrequented 
spot, and if possible, in the country. But in any case, if it 
is true that he has had the ratification of the Duke of 
Mantua, and should have it in his possession, it would be 
good to take him and make sure of him. It is not necessary 
that you should inform Madame la Duchesse de Savoye of 
this order which his Majesty gives you, and no one must 

KNOW WHAT HAS BECOME OF THIS MAN." 

Our task^is ended. Can it be a matter for regret that the 
chief and necessary consequence of our researches has been to 
annihilate a creature of fantasy with a particularly handsome 
countenance, of lofty birth, and with an affecting destiny? 
Is not the charm of truth superior to all others, and if it has 
been vouchsafed to us to introduce it into these pages, if, 
into a question where, as we have seen, everything was 
uncertainty, we have succeeded in throwing a little fresh 
light, why should we fear to have finished by dissipating 



CONCLUSION. 365 

that creation of popular imagination, that dubious and 
fanciful being, who, it seems to us, ought not to excite so 
much interest as he who has really lived, and whose exist- 
ence we can follow step by step ? Whilst, in fact, an inevit- 
able uncertainty must always be mingled with the attraction 
exercised by the former, whilst the pity and emotion ex- 
perienced must ever be restrained by the impossibility of 
proving even his birth ; in the second case we are con- 
cerned with a misfortune quite as great, and this time real, 
with an individual much less eminent, but who has indeed 
existed, and who, condemned like the former to an 
unjust punishment, has really lived, suffered, and been per- 
secuted. Wherefore, too, should one measure one's pity by 
the importance of those who deserve it ? Are not all the 
victims of arbitrary power equally worthy of interest, and 
does not the persistence of misfortune raise the persecuted 
to the level of those who are great by birth and by 
splendour of position? Fouquet in the depths of his 
prison, separated from every one that he loves, but finding 
in his Christian sentiments sufficient strength to overcome 
his sorrow, seems to us a great deal more touching in his 
resignation than interesting from the recollection of the 
splendid part he had played in the court of Louis XIV. 
Matthioly also was torn from his family and held a high 
position, but in a much less important court ; he too suffered 
the loneliness of captivity, and for him this loneliness was 
lasting. His wife took refuge in a convent, and thus with- 
drew from a world from which Louis XIV. had violently 
carried off her husband. His family was dispersed, power- 
less, and silent, feeling itself threatened as it were by the 
blow which had struck its chief. He dragged out his 



366 THE MAN WITH THE IRON MASK. 

existence in various prisons, proceeding from Pignerol to 
the Isles Sainte-Marguerite, from these islands to the Bastille, 
sometimes resigned, at others disordered by grief, and in his 
fits of madness calling himself a near relation of Louis XIV., 
and for this reason demanding his liberty. On November 
19, 1703, his misfortunes terminated with his life. 

By a strange coincidence, at the very moment of 
Matthioly's death, his master, Charlei IV., Duke of Mantua, 
arrived in Paris. But he — ^who had abandoned himself 
more and more to Louis XIV.; to whom he had sold one 
of the keys of Italy, and had r'ecently delivered up Mantua 
itself, besides having several times permitted him to pass 
through his States in order to invade the peninsula — was 
feted as he deserved to be, and was received as a true 
Frenchman. He descended at the Palace of the Luxem- 
bourg, magnificently fitted up for him with the furniture of 
the Crown. Seven tables were constantly served at the King's 
expense for the Duke and his suite, and brilliant f^tes were 
given him at Meudon and Versailles, where he received from 
Louis XIV. a splendid sword covered with diamonds. ^^ n 
has been said ^9 that it would have been extremely imprudent 
to have inscribed Matthioly's real name upon the registers of 
Saint-Paul's, at the date of the Duke's arrival in Paris, since 
the latter might thus have become acquainted with his 
death. We know what kind of interest Charles IV. took 
in his ex-confidant, and we have seen that he only troubled 
himself with making sure of his positive disappearance. 
Instead, therefore, of the fact of this death being concealed 



28 Mimoires de Saint-Simon, vol. iii. pp. 70, 108, 109. 
23 M. Jules Loiseleur, Revue Contemporaine, p. 236. 



CONCLUSION. 367 

from him, it is very possible that he was made acquainted with 
it, with the view of altogether dissipating his alarms. How- 
ever this may be, history presents* some singular meetings, 
and reahty often surpasses in interest the most romantic 
fancies of the imagination. Of, the two individuals who 
had played the principal part in the cession of Casale 
to Louis XIV., the Prince who had agreed to it contrary to 
his duty, in order to obtain a little money and satisfy his 
prodigality, was the object of gorgeous fetes ; while at the 
same moment, in the same town, and only a short distance 
off, his ex-Minister, whom he had created Senator and Count, 
who was allied to the mostjllustrious families of his country, 
and who had once also been magnificently received by 
Louis XIV. at Versailles, but who had afterwards for an 
instant arrested the monarch's overwhelming ambition and 
delayed the servitude of Mantua, was dying far away from his 
friends, in a little chamber of the Bastille, after a captivity 
of four-and-twenty years ; and the next day, at the fall of 
night, was obscurely borne to the neighbouring church, 
followed only by two subordinate officials belonging to the 
fortress. 



THE END. 



LONDON : 

PRINTED BY SMITH, E1,DER AND CO., 

OLD BAILEY, B.C. 



