S'l, "You got mighty pritty har, Miss Haryit. You remines me a good eel uv my cussin Betsy Flatl>ack, only she's a dark-skinned gearl, and you aint got no bumps on your forrtid, nar a one, is fer as I kin see."

I thought I heern a kine uv tittrin and gigglin a goin on all aroun me, which I reckin I did heer it,

"Good eavnin', Miss Harjit." This letter procured for Mozis an introduction to Miss Lane and a lady friend of her's from Georgia, who was spending the winter with her at the White House. He went so far as to attend the Sunday morning receptions of Miss L., and, it is needless to say, found them exceedingly pleasant — not at all "discumboberating,"

and which I has no doubt wuz on account uv po- Oans, which jest at that minnit kecht me and hauled me away, rite throo the croud, which apeard to be a cunsiderbul disturbid, is well is myself, fer his saik. I nuver did see such a fais as po Oans had. Lookt like it ware goin to bust plum opin, it ware so red and so full uv bind. He cum as nigh havin uv a aperplecksy and cunvulshins is enny man I uver see to miss it. He coodin speak a word, but hauled me along arfter him, way out uv the croud, I a thinkin he wuz goin hoam, cos he wuz turribly sick at his stummuck. But he carrid me to the eend uv a long passige, whar thar wuz a big glass hous, full uv trees, and the minnit he got thar he laid down among the tubbs whar the trees wuz plantid in, and rolld over and over like he wuz a gointer die evry secund. I war goin fer a doctur, but he woodint let me. And he made the kuyusist soun, like laffin, and when I see his fais, it lookt like he ware laffin, but tit to kill hisself with it.

S'l, "Mr. Oans, you laffin, aint you?"

But his jaw were lockt, and he rolled over and skuffild aroun the tubbs wuss than ever. I knowd he ware in agny, but it sounded so much like laffin I ware bleest to ask him agin :

"But aint you laffin, Mr. Oans?"

It ware a long tiem befo he cood reply, and when he did he fecht breath so hard it ware misry to heer him. He sais:

" Oh ! Lord, no. I'm not a laffin. I've got a aperplectic fit. My famly is subjick to urn, and when.

they has urn, nobody skeersly kin bleeve they aint laffin."

And he laid thar pantin, like a houn arfter a long chase. I reckon it wuz nigh unto a nonr befo he sufishintly rekuvered to git up and go back whar the cumpny wuz. I bresht his clothes, which they wuz full uv dirt whar he had rolld on the flo uv the glass hous, and we went back. But, po feller ! he hickupt and gobbled fer breth, and his eyes run water so that evrybody kep a lookin at me and him sairn like we wuz a cupple uv wild anemils, makin it very onplesant to be thar. So when we cum acrost Miss Saludy Trungil and sum uther folks frum the Mintzpi Hous, which they seemed to hav heerd how bad off Oans he wuz, and he tole Miss Saludy he wrare so week he eood barly stand, she offerd him a seet in her carridge, and we giv our chex and got our hats and coats, put um on, and cum back, most uv the uther Mintzpi folks folrin behine us in thar hax. I warnt sorry to leav the seen uv so mntch splendur, becos the cheef objick uv my visit, that is, seein uv the Presydint about my skearn, ware knockt on the lied. Gomin back, Oans ware took so bad agin with his cunvulshins, he ware foast to leen his hed on Miss Saludy's shoalder, and cried and lafft and gobbled thar like a chile. She ware mighty good to him, and took him rite into the poller uv the Mintzpi; and thar I left him and her and Melloo, and neerly all the rest uv um, being ankshus myself to git over to my room, becos I felt r uther badly.

I hadin hardly got down the steps uv the Mintzpi

befo I heerd the most orful laffin in the worl in the poller. And thar wuz po Oans, nearly ded with a fit uv aperplecksy. I do think sitty folks is the most unfeelin uv humin beans.

Tell um to fix up evrything at hoam, fer I'm a cummin the minnit I pay my debts. I aint goin to stay in this durn plais no longer. Yose truly,

DEAR BILLY: Billy, why in the worl diden you send that ar inunny on suner? You mighter saved me a monsus site uv trubil. I tell you I've been throo the rubbus sence I last writ, and has seen a worl uv oneezyness uv mine, and been nighly ded, body and sole.

I watid and watid to heer frum you. I kep axin the postmaster about yo letter tell he got rite mad with me, and ef he hadenter lived in sech a big, nise, rock hous, and bin pertecktid behine such a tremendus winder, with only heer and thar a hole in it — ef it hadenter bin fer this, I and lie woulder got into a fite sertin, becos I ware madder longer him than he ware mad longer me. But nar letter nuver cum, and I kep on gittin mo' miserbler and mo' miserbler evry

day, tel I thought I'd giv the gose rite strait up then and thar, and nuver see you all and ole Ferginny agin frum tiem tel eternity. Winter had dun gonedr but spring, which put forth her leaves uv green an her grass uv green und her small berds whitch sing& in the tops uv the trees, — spring fetched no comf ut to po' Mozis, owin, I jedged, mainly to the fact uv the want uv munny, a change uv arr, and turnup sallet, which has a fine efec on my livur. In deede, the joyusness uv Nacher seemed fer to mawk my stait uv feelins, and the singing uv the berds and the laffin uv the gearls at the Mintzpi Hous, whitch they wuz boun to keap up with the ceezin, havin uv thar neks and armes barer than uver — these heer apeared speshully to damp my sperits that bad that no licker nor whiskey nor nuthin dun um eny good.

Then agin, Tormint lookt like it had bust apun the accussid sitty. Newmerus Kongrismen and ofisers uv the Army and uthers had had fites and kep on havin mo uv Um, and leckshnn tiems a cummin on in the sitty sturd up the biel uv the rowdis tel a, inchsreckshun uv niggers ware but a privit wrassil cumpard to urn. Evry nite, evry singal nite and in the day too, rite on the mainist street, sumbody ware kild, shot, stobd, knockt in the hed, and sum times haf a duzen at a tiem wuz slayd in cole blud.

Oans tole me is menny is 2 hundud wuz throte-cut in 1 day, but this ware a speshees uv igzadjurashun whitch subsurves no good puppus ixcep to friten a man and gits tisum arfter a tiem. He sed- he carrid 8 revolters and 2 booy nives on his pussun whenuver

he went out in the street, and edvised me to do the saim, but I diden hav nuthin to buy no weepuns with, whitch tellin him, he gose and bize rne a bigg gunn loadened with gravil and tacks, but I got erestid the ferst day I shoaldud it, and he had to git me outn the hands uv the Jestis uv the Pees agin, arfter whitch he got me a hoss pistul, whitch he maid me carry it doun my back in twcen my shoalder blaids to keep frum bein ubservd, tharby givin me uv a heap uv inkunveenyunts, owing to the thing droppin konstuntly doun into my britches, twel I had to tie the butt eend uv it with a twien string, which I hilt in my han all the tiem, and then I felt free to fase a frounin worl uv all the Plug Uglis in kreashin.

Thar wuz 1 amewsment that it might have consold me, but fer 1 thing. The Captul yard and the Presydint's yard bein all green and the weather bein plezint uv a evenin,a big ban uv mewzishiners, drest in red cotes like the British, whitch it ar calld the Mreen Ban, yust to cum wunst or twiest a week and play to hunduds and thousins uv peepul that flockt to heer um, awl the bewty and the shiverulry uv the sitty bein thar, prantzin and pradin and shoin off thar fine clothes, and little gals in short frocks and hoops runnin up and doun, up and doun, lively as crickits and evrything gay is it possbly cood be. But I diden injoy it nun. Mayan warnt thar, and then agin I ware thinkin uv my skeem, hoam, dets, and a heap uv trubilsum things.

One evenin when the Ban ware playin at the Presydint's grounds, I lookt over the wall, and thar, on a

littil hill, set a passel uv Injuns, squottid doun on sum rock, smokin thar pipes, watchin the fashenubil croud, and thinkin uv thar oan thots. It ware a moanful site to see, Billy — when a feller remembud that wunst apun a tiem all the grate sitty uv Washintun yewst to blong to them Injuns' 4-farthers, and now nar one uv um oand anuf Ian thar to dig um a graive. Me and them apeard to be like wun anuther fer retchidness. They had loss thar pozeshuns and I had dun loss my hoaps. They wuz fer, fer away fum hoam, and so wuz I. They had no frens, and I had no munny, and I ware goin to say frens nuther, but I wont say that. And thar the bewtyfnll musick played and the pritty ladis and the hansum gintilmen and the happy childun walkt to the soun uv it, and thar wuz me and them po Injuns lookin moanfully on, hevy-hartid anuf, Billy, and too hevy — feelin we had no rite to be whar soe mutch injoymint ware goin on, and nuthin, nuthin to look forrard to. I €0od a cryd thinkin about it, and went away sorrerfull — both fer myself and them po Injuns.

But what wust a flictid me and jobbd rne doun into the very gulf uv dispar, wer not so mutch the want uv munny an bein away from hoam and all that, but this, Billy. Wun day, that ar ball-heded ole gentilmin whitch I tole you ware the bo uv Miss Saludy Trungil, and whitch he wars them gole specks I menshind, — wun day, he cum to me, and havin heerd, I nuver cood tell how, about my skearn, entud into convusashin with me about it. After a good eel uv persuashin I jes candidly tole him all the whole biz-

ness f rum beginnin to een, and eaven took and showd him the thing itself. He keerfully lookt at it, and sed it showd a oncummun amount uv tallent indeed, but then he shnk his ball-hed, and makin me go to his apartmint, whar he had a reeul liberry uv books a layin on the flo', and, takin out wun uv the largist volyums, red me the histry uv the subjick, whitch it apears, so fur f rum bein aridganul with me, hav ockyupide the mines uv men frum the tiem uv Tuber Kane to the presint day. Then he ixplained and pruved to me how, in the very nacher uv things, the skeam ware impossabul, and nuver, nuver cood be dun by nobody on top uv the erth, I diden keer how smart and edjukatid they wuz. He shorely are a kine and sensabul ole gentilmun, and sich I tole him, tlio' my hart ware fit to brake at the very momint. He sed that thousuns uv peepul had cum to Washintun on the saim bizness pecisely, and he had seen wun uv um, a miserbul blind man frum Kaintucky, the day befo. He istablisht to my inti satisfackshun that the mo' a man thinks uv this heer kind uv a skeam the wuss it ar fer him, and ef he keeps on he ar certin to go distracktid.
