Bishop Early was married, in 1821, to Elizabeth

Rives, a young lady of great worth and piety. She was then in all the freshness and bloom of early womanhood, and it might naturally have been supposed that she would sometimes, like other young persons, be allured or carried away, particularly in conversation. But she was grave, modest, dignified— never losing sight of what was due to herself as the wife of a minister, and never forgetting that the great business of a Christian professor was to show forth the beauty of holiness, not only with her lips, but in her life ; and, doubtless, much of the prosperity of the Methodist Church has been owing to her influence, together with that of other eminent females. Though only a small child, the writer remembers with peculiar pleasure, an evening spent, at that time, with Mrs. Early, in company with a few other friends. It was whilst Mrs. Early was a bride — the bright, beautiful flush of health was on her cheek, her mild, thoughtful eye beaming with love and kindness — and her image, as she then appeared, will ever remain deeply engraven on memory ; whilst her recent departure from our midst, has tenderly recalled incidents and scenes long past and nearly forgotten, f but now cherished with pensive retrospection.

At the house now occupied by Henry Dunnington, Esq. f This excellent lady died during the spring of 1857.

Charlton made Lynchburg his residence. He was a man of splendid personal appearance ; and, being gifted with great eloquence, he exercised a sway and influence which has rarely been exceeded. His church was crowded, his catechism schools were full, his society was as much sought by the gay and worldly as by the grave and pious. He lived in the house of Mr. John Thurmon ; and, though Mr. Charlton might have much contributed to the brilliancy of society, yet he rarely accepted invitations, never to parties, and very rarely would he meet more than a few friends on a social visit. He was, indeed, a zealous young minister ; and his sermons were so striking, that the attention even of the most worldly, was arrested. During his residence in Lynchburg, Mr. Charlton was attacked with hemorrhage of the lungs, and the delicate state of his health, at this time, was such as to awaken the warmest interest, not only of members of his Church, but of the affectionate little band of children, whom he taught every Saturday at the Methodist Church. He left Lynchburg, after a residence of two years, during which time he greatly contributed to the influence of the Church, many members being added to its communion during his ministry. A few years after this time, Mr. Charlton married a lady from the lower country,

and since that time he has resided almost constantly in Petersburg.

On his last visit to Lynchburg, he accompanied Miss Miller, a female Methodist preacher, who was, with her traveling companion, Miss Hilton, making a tour of the State. Notice having been given that a female would preach at the Methodist Church, that building was crowded to overflowing long before the hour fixed for the service. This remarkably interesting lady did not ascend the pulpit, but stood within the altar, taking for her text — " The Spirit and the bride say, Come ;" and so profound was the silence which reigned throughout the church, that not a word was lost of her beautiful and touching address ; and several of the sentences of that discourse, heard in childhood, are still remembered. At one time, her eloquent appeal being in these words : — " Oh, immortal spirits ! bound for the bar of God, what madness hath possessed you?"

At that time, the Rev. William A. Smith was the stationed Methodist minister of Lynchburg. He was a very young man, but even then giving promise of what he has since become. The eloquence of his preaching, his zealous prayermeetings, his pastoral visits, were all greatly blessed ; so that, during the summer of 1828, a

revival took place in his church, which, for permanency of effect, has never been equalled. The gayest and most careless were led to inquire the way of salvation, many converts were made, and large numbers were added to the Methodist Church ; but a part of them connected themselves with the Episcopal Church, continuing to this day its devoted members. In the fall of that year, Mr. Smith was united in marriage to Miss Ellice M. Miller, the female preacher ; and since that period, his history and brilliant career have placed this distinguished man so before the public that farther comment is here unnecessary.

Rev. William Martin resided a few miles above Lynchburg ; but, together with his excellent wife, he spent the greater portion of his time in the city. He was a very good, harmless, old man, of middle stature, and not possessing any great intellectual gifts. He used, however, to say, that from one certain text he could preach a sermon, in which he would acknowledge no superior. That favorite discourse was from the text : — " Is there no balm in Gilead ? is there no physician there ?" He described himself as having been in his youth a remarkably handsome man ; and he had been heard to say, that, attending at that time a ball, dressed in shorts, knee-buckles, ruffled shirt, &c, he found himself in the dance vis a vis to General Washington ; and Mr.

Martin alleged that he considered himself a much handsomer and finer looking individual than the Father of his Country. All of uncle Martin's foibles were innocent, and there is no doubt that he was an humble, sincere Christian, and a man of most upright and exemplary character.

Mrs. Elizabeth Martin, wife of Rev. William Martin, was a lady of great mental attainments, joined to deep and fervid piety. She was very lovely in personal appearance, and exercised a great influence in Lynchburg, where she was much beloved. The members of the Methodist Church, as well as others, considering it a privilege to have her as a guest — her example was an inestimable benefit, and her prayers a protection to a household. Surviving for some years her venerable partner, she, from that time, made the hospitable mansion of Mrs. Ann Irvine her principal residence. Mrs. Martin died early in the spring of 1831, and those who had the privilege of beholding this sainted woman during the last few weeks of her life, will ever regard that time, when looking back, as a Boca in their earthly pilgrimage. During the whole of her last illness, she sat erect in her arm chair, habited with her customary neatness, and,

This lady was a niece of Edmund Pendleton.

whilst in that position, her gentle spirit took its flight to a heavenly home. Her chamber was at the time filled with a concourse of sorrowing friends, many of whom sent messages to their relatives in Heaven. Some comments were, at the time made on this ; but it seems a holy, beautiful thought, mingled with poetical feelings, all of which we find so sweetly embodied in Mrs. Hemans' " Message to the Dead." The funeral of Mrs. Martin was preached at the old Methodist Church, and none can forget, who heard that eloquent discourse, or listened to the sublime words of " The Dying Christian," sung by the choir of the Church, which, at that time, numbered the finest singers in Lynchburg.

About the year 1825, Father Hersey, "the walking circuit-rider," made his appearance in Lynchburg. He was an eccentric, but really excellent man, of striking appearance, and with a manner of speaking at once most fervid and eloquent. He had unfortunately become involved in debt, and in order to extricate himself, he wore clothes of the plainest kind, made of coarse fabrics, and he walked to all of the different churches within his circuit, appropriating the money thus saved to the liquidation of his debts. By this course of frugality and self-denial, he insured the respect of the community, who were always ready to listen to

him attentively, even though he told them the truth with severity. This venerable man survives, and is, we understand, still a member of the Baltimore Conference.

It is proper to mention in this place, the name of Mr. Thurmon, who was a devout member of the church, aiding in its extension by his blameless life and example. When very young, he had held, during the Revolutionary war, an employment in the army, and to him were accorded the honor and privilege of residing for a length of time with Washington and La Fayette, in that small stone building in the city of Richmond, now so reverenced on account of its distinguished inmates at that time. When General La Fayette visited Richmond in 1825, Uncle Thurmon made him a visit at that place, habited in the same clothes which he had worn whilst living in the stone-house with himself and General Washington. The interview was extremely interesting and affecting, La Fayette receiving him with open arms, whilst down the manly cheeks of the brave, gallant Frenchman flowed tears of emotion. Uncle Thurmon possessed nearly, or quite as much influence in his church as a

This venerable man was always spoken of in Lynchburg as Uncle Thurmon.

minister of the gospel. He, with the other elders of the Methodist Church, sat inside the altar, with their faces turned towards the preacher, and whenever a part of the discourse touched them particularly, they expressed audibly their approbation, in such words as " Amen, even so, Lord;" " God grant it." These expressions, uttered fervently, so stimulated and animated their preachers, that truly they might have been styled " Boanerges" — for it was then that those burning words were uttered, which pierced the consciences and entered the hearts of the hearers, so that multitudes would throng the altar, inquiring, with tearful, agonized accents, "What must I do to be saved?" Mr. Thurmon lived to a great age, passing away calmly from earth, and leaving to his numerous descendants, the rich inheritance of his blameless, well-spent life.

John Thurmon was a worthy son of this most excellent man. He was by trade a saddler, carrying his piety into the workshop as well as the church. He was a man of most kind, benignant feelings, remarkably gentle and affectionate in his disposition, and at all times showing that love to his neighbor, so enjoined in the Word of God. In no act of his life has more good resulted than in the establishment of the first Sunday school in the State of Virginia. In the year 1817,

he was the principal agent in the formation of this Sabbath school, which was held in the old Methodist Church, and from which have emanated all the other Sunday schools in the State, and the immense benefits resulting from the first one will be felt through time and eternity. Several members of Congress owed their first education to the Sabbath school, established first in Lynchburg.

John Thurmon married a daughter of the late Mrs. Essex, and for many years they resided in a neat white house, not far from the Reservoir. He died in the year 1855, leaving a numerous family, nearly all of whom are inhabitants of Lynchburg. Many female members of this Church possessed great influence, being gifted with eloquence in prayer and exhortation, so that they greatly strengthened their minister's hands ; but, out of a large number, only two of this class will now be mentioned, both of them eminent for all of the social virtues, as well as for usefulness in the Church.

Mrs. Essex was, for many years, a resident of Lynchburg. She was married, when very young, to Mr. Simpson ; and she was the mother of Mr. James Simpson, and of Miss Jane Simpson, wellknown in this community. After the death of Mr.
