New London, but afterwards a prominent physician and preacher in Lynchburg, was ordained. He was the first preacher ever ordained in the town.

The first Methodist society was organized in 1802 by Samuel Mitchell, a local preacher, in his house on the farm afterwards owned by Judge William Daniel, Sr., now Daniel's Hill. Those who joined were Mrs. Barnal, Mrs. Rohr, and George Sullivan. The society did not thrive, for of the five hundred inhabitants, almost the only persons who claimed to be Christians were the few families of Quakers.

In May, 1804, Lorenzo Dow, a very eccentric preacher, came and held a series of revival meetings in

" Chestnut Grove," which was at the corner of Main and Eleventh streets, where the Norvell House stood. He says in his journal : " Hence I went circuitously to Lynchburg, where I spoke in the open air in what I conceived to be the seat of Satan's Kingdom. Lynchburg was a deadly place for the worship of God. But my friends asked. What shall be done with the profits of your Chain (a religious tract), which they computed at five hundred dollars. I replied : I give the profits to build a brick chapel in Lynchburg for the Methodists, reserving only the privilege to preach in it when not occupied by them, and while my conduct shall continue as exceptional as it is now." This, however, was not accepted by the Methodists, on account of the conditions.

As a result of this meeting, Rev. Stith Mead reported to Bishop Asbury fifty accessions to the church. With this nucleus the society went to work to build a meeting house. December 2, 1805, George Sullivan and Sally Sullivan, in consideration of fifty-two pounds sterling, deeded to Stith Mead, Samuel K. Jennings, William Heath, William P. Martin, George Sullivan, Thomas Wiatt, John Schoolficld, William Blake, and James Fox, trustees for the Methodist Society, a piece of ground on Church street, between Tenth and Eleventh, for the purpose of building a church. The first meeting of the trustees was held at George Sullivan's house January 6, 1806. Stith Mead was chosen president; William Heath, secretary, and Thomas Wiatt, treasurer. The work was let to William P. Connell. The funds

ran short, and Stith Mead, who was the leader of Methodism here, pledged his private property in order that the work might proceed. Before the year passed the Methodists were in their new meeting house, the first church built in Lynchburg. The house was built so hurriedly that in 1814 it had to be pulled down and a new one put in its place. The second building was put up to stand, and, though now nearly an hundred years old, is in good condition, having been converted into two tenements, one of whicli Dr. W. E. Pitman occupies.

The history of this old church would be a volume by itself. There are many to-day who can recall the great sermons preached there, the noted revivals held, the interesting marriages, and the solemn funerals. We shall not leave it; for as the story of Lynchburg is told, again and again will the old church appear.

The town continued to grow, and on January 10, 1805, the General Assembly passed "An act incorporating the town of Lynchburg, and enlarging the same, adding thereto a number of half-acre lots already laid off by John Lynch." The first corporation court was held May 6, 1805, in Masons' Hall. The court was held by William Warwick, mayor; Thomas Wiatt, recorder, and George D. Winston, Samuel J. Harrison, Koderick Taliaferro and Meredith Lambert, aldermen. William Norvell was appointed clerk, Josiah Leake, commonwealth's attorney, and John Davis, sergeant.

The court did not amount to a great deal without the

jail, so beyond the town limits, just back of where the Courthouse stands, was erected a small brick building, one story high, which was the first prison. It could accommodate only a few prisoners, but for some years it proved sufficient for the town's needs.

The Gazette did not continue long, and for a while there was no paper in Lynchburg. In October, 1805, the Lynchburg Star made its appearance. It was a weekly paper, four pages, twelve by eighteen inches, five columns on a page, owned and published by James Graham. Like most of the early papers, it was taken up with foreign news and advertisements, and gave little attention to what would most interest us, the local news. Some extracts from this paper, many copies of which are now in existence, will be read with interest. The editor's address, on the first anniversary, was as follows :

The Lynchburg Star is now one year old. . . . On occasions similar to the present, usage has sanctioned annual addresses. At the conclusion or commencement of every year such are expected. From the Editor, on this occasion, a few words will be sufficient. The experience of the past will be the best possible criterion whereby to estimate the probable future management and value of this paper. It shall be independent. Undismayed by any fear, and unbiassed by any party — a fair, honest and impartial narration of facts and circumstances, with inferences and deductions, agreeable to the best lights of our understanding and judgment, and the narrow weekly limits allotted to us, have, and shall be, constantly exhibited. Unawed, and unaided, by either Monk, or Minister, the Star shall be ever open to whatever way tend to support and confirm the just liberties of the world — the principles of genuine democracy — and improve and promote the condition and happiness of mankind."

As early as this the " fire bug " thrived in Lynchburg, as is shown by the following :

"The above reward of 400 dollars is hereby offered for the detection and prosecution to conviction of the villain or villains who, on Saturday night last, set fire to the house of Dr. Waddy Tate, on the back street (Church) in the town of Lynchburg, now occupied by Paxton & Houston, cabinet makers. On behalf of the citizens of Lynchburg, and in pursuance of their subscription.

In this day of electricity and gas, we can scarcely appreciate the difficulties in securing light that the early inhabitants labored under. This advertisement was published as a valuable discovery :

" A Wick that Will Not Cost a Man a Cent.— Take a leaf of mullein, let it get half dry, cut from its sides a quarter of an inch in breadth, put it in your lamp (lard oil was then used), and it will burn equally as well as a cotton wick, and will suit to read and write by better than a candle, which must be often snuffed."

It must be remembered that the candles spoken of were not such as we now see, but only cotton cords dipped in tallow and hung out until dry.

In front of Indian Queen Tavern, which stood on Main street, between Seventh and Eighth, about where the Southern Railway offices are now, was the place where most of the slaves were sold. Nearly every week an advertisement like the following would appear :

" Will be sold to the highest bidder, on Saturday, the 21st, before the door of Indian Queen Tavern, a Negro Man, who is an excellent waterman. Terms, one-half cash, and one-half in twelve months.

Jesse Anderson, Adm."

Every paper had silhouettes of negroes running, and following it a description of the runnaway slave and a reward for his return.

The arrival of the first elephant in Lynchburg caused a great deal of excitement. The novelty of the sight can be inferred from this notice which was published in the Star, headed by a rude picture of an elephant :

"A Live Elephant

To be seen at Charles Hoyle's Tavern, in the town of Lynchburg, on the 25th and 26th days of December, from 8 o'clock in the morning until sunset each day.

The elephant, being not only the largest and most sagacious animal in the world, but the peculiar manner in which it takes its food and drink of every kind with its trunk, is acknowledged to be the greatest natural curiosity ever offered to the public. She will draw the cork from a bottle, and with her trunk will manage it in such a manner as to drink its contents, to the astonishment of the spectators. Will lie down and rise at command.

She is between five and seven years old, and measures upward of fifteen feet from the end of her trunk to that of her tail ; ten feet round her body, and upward of six feet high. Admittance, twentyfive cents ; children, half price."

Several proclamations by Thomas Jefferson, President of the United States, occupy considerable space in the little paper.

Lynchburg never lacked for patriotism, and when the Fourth of July came it was a day of great rejoicing. How the day was celebrated the following description from the Star will tell :

The ever memorable Anniversary of American Independence, the Declaration of which is enregistered in the indelible History of the

nation, was celebrated here, with all animation and zeal, which ever becomes a free people to testify to the sacred charter of their hallowed rights. Such commemorations have the happiest effects. They excite the sympathy of ages, and preserve forever the holy cause of freedom and humanity.

The cannon's hollow roar, which re-echoed from the craggy cliffs on the banks of the James river, proclaimed the happy dawn. Captain Cocke's artillery company performed the appropriate duties of the day. Their appearance was martial and their evolutions exact. The platoon firing and martial music afforded delight. An elegant barbecue was prepared for the occasion, and the evening closed with a ball at Mr. Ward's (Bell) Tavern."

Early in its history Lynchburg began to turn its attention to education. In June, 1806, the Star published this notice :

"The first wing of the Rev. James Tompkins' Academy, on Lynchburg Hill (Court street), will soon be completed. We are authorized to say that the Academy will be opened on the first day of November next, and that a competent teacher of the learned languages, with other requisite assistants, will then be procured. Education is an object of primary importance, nor do we know of a place where a properly conducted academy is more wanted, or where it is presumed more probable good effects would result from such an institution than in Lynchburg. In point of situation this is inferior to none for prospect, pure air, and spring water."

The Rev. James Tompkins, a Presbyterian preacher, taught a small school here for several years, and occasionally preached, but never organized a church. Neither did he open the academy as announced, for on July 20, after a short illness, he passed away, leaving a widow and eight young children. The next day he was buried in " Lynchburg's New Burying Ground." His burial was attended by the largest concourse of people ever before witnessed in the town, and among

them were all his scholars, who attended in a body and wore crape. His funeral services were conducted, November 1, by Revs. James Mitchell and James Turner, of Bedford county.

The " New Burying Ground " spoken of above was what is now known as the Methodist, or City Cemetery. The graveyard at the Quaker Meeting House, and that on Court street, were the only ones near the city until March 7, 1806, when John Lynch gave the town an acre of land for the New Burying Ground. The first grave was opened in it July 5, 1806, and since then this silent city of the dead has been rapidly filling. Beneath its sod sleep many of Lynchburg's noblest sons and daughters.

The town was again called upon to mourn the death of a prominent citizen, when, on August 13, Josiah Leake died. Although only twenty-eight, he was Commonwealth's attorney and postmaster of the town. He, too, was buried in the " New Burying Ground."
