January was a cold and disagreeable month, but was not nearly so bad as February. One of the worst snows since 1857 began Saturday evening, February 11, and continued until late Monday, finishing up with a severe blizzard. The average depth of the snow was over twelve inches. The roads were so bad that teams could not move, and trains were blocked. A fuel famine was imminent, coal could not be delivered, and there was no wood in the city. The whole South was in snow and ice. At Norfolk the harbor was frozen for

several days, and traffic on many of the railroads suspended.

An important meeting for the Methodists was that held at Centenary church, March 2, by Bishop C. H. Galloway. All of the preachers of the Lynchburg and Charlottesville district met here to talk over the plan to raise one hundred thousand dollars in Virginia this year for the educational institutions of the church as a Twentieth Century thank offering. At night Bishop Galloway made a public address on the subject, which was well received.

The West Lynchburg street railroad was sold last year, and now the new company was improving it. The Rivermont Company was also extending their tracks to the Miller Park, and on Grace street, where the tracks of the two companies were being laid, the property owners were strenuously objecting to the street being thus blocked. The work went on without delay, and now Lynchburg has two good electric railroads. In April, the Cotton Mill Company decided to double the capacity of its plant. About the same time Buflalo Bill with his Indians and buffaloes came again to the city and many went to see them, feeling that this was perhaps the last time they would see these fast vanishing denizens of other days.

The Montgomery Presbytery met at Floyd Street Presbyterian chiu"ch. Rev. T. H. Lacy accepted a call to Epiphany, and May 15, Rev. Dr. T. DeWitt Talmage lectured here. The day before the lecture, Sunday, the most disastrous fire since the Virginian and

other buildings burned, took place. The ice factory, the tobacco extract works. Stalling, Hancock & Co.'s tobacco factory, and a number of other buildings burned up.

The Methodists of the State were preparing to establish an orphanage, and Lynchburg wanted it located here. The council offered a site not to exceed five thousand dollars, either in Rivermont or West Lynchburg, and many private citizens promised to subscribe largely. At one time there seemed to be some prospect of getting it here, but Richmond offered better advantages, so it was decided to locate it there.

Memorial services were held at Centenary church by the pastor. May 28, in honor of Rev. Dr. R. N. Sledd, who died in Atlanta on the 15th, on his way home to Danville, and similar services were held at Court Street June 4, presided over by Bishop J. C. Granbery. Dr. Sledd was pastor here for many years and was much beloved and admired. In his death his church lost one of her greatest men.

The time for commencement had come again. Rev. Dr. John Matthews preached the sermon before the Woman's College, and Dr. Walter Page, of the Atlantic Monthly, made the address. The attendance had steadily increased since the opening, until now it was so large that an addition had to be made to the building. The work on the new wing began in the summer, and it was hoped that it would be finished by winter. The Lynchburg High School, according to a long established custom, held its annual commencement at the Opera House.

There are many other events that may be mentioned. A real tornado visited the city July 4, and did much damage to some buildings. Just following this came a visitor hitherto unknown, the " kissing bug." It was said that it would kiss you on the lip, and that its kiss was poisonous, and that a negro boy here had been kissed and was killed by it. A great sensation was created for a while, but soon the bug and the sensation both disappeared. A primary was held July 31 to nominate a State Senator and a delegate to the House. Carter Glass was nominated for the first and T. D. Jennings for the second, and both were elected in November. An event of much interest took place September 14. It had been the custom for the Sunday-schools here to go on an excursion during the summer, and on this day the greatest Sunday-school excursion ever known here started. Under the leadership of E. F. Sheffey, superintendent, Court Street Sunday-school, with a large crowd, went to Niagara Falls. Many from outside the city came to take advantage of the low rates to see the Falls. They spent a day and a night there, and returned on the 16th without accident and well pleased. This seemed to be a decade of church building in Lynchburg. The First Presbyterian church was under construction ; Eighth Street Baptist church, colored, Avas dedicated September 24, Rev. J. M. Armistead, colored, preaching the sermon, and on the 26th Court Street Methodist church made a decided move for a new forty thousand dollar building, upon which they hoped to begin work early next year.

Instead of the usual fair this year, only the races were had, and the usual forms of gambling carried on until the second day, when the gaming was broken up and the gamblers arrested.

A large number of Lynchburgers went to New York to witness the celebration, on land and water, September 29 and 30, in honor of Admiral Dewey's return home.

October 16 the new High School building was occupied, and on the 18th a large crowd assembled at Westminster to hear the venerable "Apostle to the New Hebrides," Dr. John G. Paton. His wonderful work among the cannibals of these islands has made him world-famous.

The citizens were much interested in our war in the Philippines and in the war which had recently broken out between the English and the Boers of South Africa. Much space in the daily papers was given to these subjects.

The Presbyterians had bought the old Quaker meeting-house and were making an effort to rebuild it and call it the Quaker Memorial Presbyterian church.

In October the Lynchburg Choral Society began its third season, and the College Hill Musical Society resumed its meetings. The Golf Club and the Orchestral Society afforded the young people much pleasure.

A handsome new warehouse had been built on the site of the old house in which Dr. Read taught school, and later Mrs. Ramsey, and on the 28th it was opened and called Booker's new warehouse.

It was a cold, drizzling afternoon, November 3,

when a large crowd gathered at the depot to get a sight of the hero of the Santiago naval battle. When the train from Washington pulled in, the city council, the judge, the mayor and a delegation of citizens boarded it to meet Admiral Schley. Major John W. Daniel brought him to the rear platform and introduced him to the crowd, and he responded in a short speech. Many pressed forward and shook hands with him, and when the train pulled out the crowd cheered lustily.

The population of Lynchburg was rapidly increasing, and it was estimated that at this time there were thirtytwo thousand inhabitants in and around the city. The new-comers found it difficult to secure dwelling-houses, they were in such demand. The hardware manufacturing company, the pipe works, the textile works, wagon and buggy factories, cotton mill, the paper box manufactory, flour mills, tobacco factories, dye works, bark mill, wood-working establishment, plow works, pants factory, hosiery company, barytes and bark mills, with other industries, employed a large number of operatives.

A Lynchburg boy was honored at the National Soldiers' Home near Hampton. Rev. James Collins celebrated his first mass here June 25, and was assigned as priest to the Soldiers' Home. During the yellow fever there in July and August he continued to hold services and visit the sick. On this account he was presented with a gold chalice in honor of his fidelity.

There were some changes in the Methodist churches here in November. Rev. Dr. W. J. Young succeeded

Dr. A. Coke Smith at Court Street ; Rev. L. T. Williams, Rev. Graham H. Lambeth at Rivermont Avenue, and Rev. R. O. Payne was sent to South View.

Dr. Smith preached his farewell sermon to a large congregation November 26, and on the same day there were farewell services at the First Presbyterian church. The old church had been sold for a business house, and the congregation was to worship in the building of the Hill City Lodge until the new church was completed. At this service Rev. F. T. McFaden preached on the influence of the church, baptized several candidates and received members into the church. He was assisted by Rev. Dr. W. Y. Wilson, who was ordained in this church many years ago. At night the pastor again conducted the service, assisted by Rev. T. M. McCorkle and Dr. A. Coke Smith. The sacrament of the Lord's Supper was administered, and this closed the last service in the old building, which had stood forty-two years, the exact time the former church was used. Many tender memories cling to the old church. The scenes of joy and sadness that were often witnessed there are past and gone, but their sweet influence lingers.

The Christian Scientists opened a hall for meeting on Church street, November 11, having previously held their services in a private house.

The best art loan exhibition Lynchburg ever had opened November 30, in the new High School building. The whole building was devoted to it, and there was much of interest to be seen. The Confederate relics.

the art room, with many portraits of old citizens of Lynchburg, the paintings by home talent, the room with miscellaneous curios, and many other things, made it a very creditable exhibition. It was kept open until December 8, and large crowds attended. The proceeds were used for the High School library, and the whole city acknowledged the credit due those who managed it.

During the two weeks ending December 9, there was the largest sale of leaf tobacco ever known in the history of the city. The warehouses were open night and day, and when the figures were added up they showed that within the time mentioned 3,549,100 pounds of tobacco had been sold, all of which brought a good price.

The meeting of the council for December Avas an important one. A new gas company petitioned for a charter, and it was granted them. It was determined to provide the police department with a van, which was much needed ; and a memorial drawn up by T. D. Davis, the president, was adopted asking the legislature to establish a reformatory for negro boys. It was also signed by the judge of the Hustings Court and the mayor. This was a move of great importance, for the present condition of the average young negro is sad to contemplate. With too many their aspiration extends no hisrher than their sensuous and sensual natures. Nor is the education, for which the whites are spending thousands of dollars annually, yielding the desired fruit. Dr. J. W. Southall, State Superintendent of Public Instruc-

tion, says in his last report : ' In the light of present information it must be confessed that the negroes of the South are not making such progress in moral and material development as the advocates of public education had hoped. The fact is, our common schools are not giving the negro the right kind of education to aid him in becoming a better and more profitable citizen. The education that we are giving the negro makes him dissatisfied with the menial pursuits in which his fathers engaged, and in whicll he must engage if he is to make an honest living and become a useful member of the community in which he lives." The educating influence which the " old issue darkey " got by contact with the white people is almost wanting with the young negroes, and being without these elevating influences and a proper moral and indu
