Five miles below Blannerhassett's Island, is Little Hockhocking River ; a little further on we have Hockhocking Island, and Great Hockhocking River. This would seem to be a family name among the streams and islets of this section, or at least to have been a favourite appellation among the first explorers of this region. It is rather a jaw-breaking word ; but in common use it is softened by a device similar to that of the good lady in New England, whose son was named, " Throiigh-much-tribulatioji-ive come-into-the-kmgdom-of-heaven ; she called him Tribbyy for shortness ;" and for the same reason, probably, the word " Hocking' has been substituted for its stately original. A town has been laid out at the mouth of the latter of these

streams, called Troy ; and on its banks, about twenty-five miles off, we find Athens, said to be a thriving village, with an academy, situated in a fine country. If Homer could be permitted to repass the Styx, would he not be amused at the sight of modern Troy and Athens on the shores of the Hockhocking ? Think you a Grecian tongue could compass such a collection of harsh consonants ?

Ten miles lower down, and near the mouth of Shade River, is the Devil's Hole, a remarkable cave on the Ohio side of the river. I had not time to visit this supposed residence of his Satanic majesty, or to explore the banks of the modern Styx.

In the afternoon we passed Le Tart's Rapids. Here are some fine farms and handsome improvements. At the foot of the rapids is a floating grist-mill; the chief part of the machinery is erected on a large boat, resembling a common scow, which also supports one end of the shaft of the water-wheel ; the other end is supported by a small sharp boat, lashed at a sufficient distance, and devoted to this purpose alone. On the other side of the scow, is a large boat, which

receives the flour, corn, &c. ; all of these are lashed firmly together, and fastened to the shore, and the water rushing between them propels the wheel. The bend of the river at this place is graceful, and adds to the interest of a very pleasing prospect.

We passed the Rock of Antiquity in the night, so that I could not inspect it. It stands at the water's edge on the right side of the river, about three miles beloAV the Rapids, and takes its name from some ancient sculpture, which appears on its face, supposed to be the work of the aborigines. None of the figures are now intelligible but one, which represents a man in a sitting posture, smoking a pipe ; our uncultivated predecessors have left so few memorials behind them, that the rudest and frailest of their monuments arrest attention. The rough penciling of a savage hand has excited as much interest as the precious relic of an Italian master. Even this sequestered rock has attracted the eye of the curious traveller. For my part, I am not fond of inanimate curiosities ; but if I could restore the fire to the dark eyes, and the gloss to the raven locks of some of the

savasre beauties, who once " wasted their sweetness on the desert air' of these solitudes, I would gaze at their wild glances with more delight than ever was felt by a virtuoso in the pantheons or the catacombs. I love monuments ; but let them be breathing and blushing monuments of animated clay ; these are noble objects — one of which is worth all the mummies, EgyptiaJi heads, and Rob Roy purses in Christendom, and all the rocks and stones that ever the ingenuity of one age piled up to puzzle the curiosity of another.

During the same night, we passed the mouth of the Kenhawa River, Point Pleasant, and Galliopolis. On the Kenhawa, about seventy miles from its mouth, salt water is found in abundance, and of excellent quality ; extensive manufactories of salt have been in operation here for many years. This river, however, will be better known to the historian, from the bloody engagement which took place near its mouth in the year 1774, between the British, under Lord Dunmore, and an Indian army of the Shawanoe, Delaware, Mingo, and other tribes. This war is more usually known under

the title of " Lewis's Expedition," from a Virginia gentleman of that name, who was the active and conspicuous leader, although Dunmore was the nominal commander. The Indian force assembled here, was not less than a thousand warriors, a body more numerous than they have usually been able to collect at any one point against the whites. It was after this battle, that Logan, a chief of the Delawares, sent to Lord Dunmore the speech which has rendered his name so celebrated, and which is considered as one of the finest displays of eloquence upon record. Mr. Jefferson, who preserved this beautiful effusion of native feeling in his Notes on Virginia has been accused of palming upon the world a production of his own, by those who had no other ground for the suspicion, than the force and feeling of the composition itself, and who forgot that genuine eloquence is not the offspring of refinement. But all doubt on this subject has been long since removed, by the testimony of officers who were present when it was delivered, and who many years afterwards remembered the impression made upon their minds by the affect-

ing appeal of the unlettered chieftain. There are, however, strong reasons for the belief, that Logan himself was deceived as to the part supposed to have been taken by Colonel Cressaf in the massacre of his family, and that some of Cressaf's men, in retaliation for an attack made previously by the savages upon some traders, perpetrated this murder without his knowledge. Cressaf, it is said, was not in the neighbourhood at the time, and could not have known of the sudden broil which produced a catastrophe so deeply to be deplored.

The town of Galliopolis, in Ohio, four miles below the mouth of the Kenhawa, is finely situated on a high bank, and commands a pretty view of the river. It was settled about thirty years ago by about a hundred French families, who sought an asylum from the political tempest which devastated their native country. They purchased a large tract of land from a company who had obtained a grant of it from the United States. But the company failing to fulfil the conditions of their contract, the land reverted to the government, and the unfortunate French found, too late, that they had

been duped. Thus, landless and in a strange country, their situation was truly distressing ; but Congress, with a munificence highly honourable to the nation, interposed to save them from ruin, and, by a grant of twenty-four thousand acres, indemnified them in part for their losses.

On the morning of the twenty-first we passed Guyundat Village, in the vicinity of which we found Big Guyundat River, Little Guyundat, and Indian Guyundat. This would seem to be as favourite a name as Hockhocking. Just below the village, we overtook one of those rude skiffs which frequently convey emigrants to the west. This was a small flat-bottomed boat, of the simplest construction, about twelve feet long, with high sides and a roof. As I was looking out for a friend, who in a moment of whim had embarked by himself, a few days before me, in a " frail tenement like the one in sight, I took our small boat and rowed towards it, but was not a little surprised on approaching it, to discover, instead of a young gentleman, a grey-headed man, and as grey a headed woman, tugging deliberately

at the oars. This primitive couple looked as if they might have been piillhig together down the stream of life for half a century, without having grown tired of each other's company; for while their oars preserved a regular cadence, they were chatting sociably together, and they smiled as they invited me into their skiff. I confess I was astonished j for, much as I had seen of the carelessness with which my countrymen undertake toilsome journies, and the alacrity with which they change their habitations, I was not prepared to behold without surprise old age and enterprise travelling together : and when I learned that this ancient couple were seeking a new home, I anticipated a tale of banishment and sorrow. The days of their pilgrimage had not been feiv and evil. Neither of them could have seen much fewer than sixty years, and both were withered, wrinkled, and apparently decrepit ; but they were sprightly and social, and spoke of clearing 7iew lands in the wilderness, with a confidence which evinced nothing of the feebleness or indecision of old age. In answer to my inquiries, as to the reasons which had suggested a change

of residence, the old man observed, in a careless, ofF-hand sort of way, ' Why, Sir, our boys are all married, and gone off, and bustling about for themselves ; and our neighbours, a good many of 'era's gone out back, and so the old woman and me felt sort o lonesome, and thought ived go too, and try our luck."

"But, my friend, it's rather late in the day for you to become a wanderer."

Tut, man," said he," better late than never — there s luck in leisure, as the saying is— and may be the old woman and me'll have as good luck as any of them."

This was followed by a tender of the whisky bottle ; and after drinking to our better acquaintance, should we meet again in the woods, we parted. Tell me no more of antiquities ; repeat not that this is a degenerate age ! Here were the right sort of antiquities. This old Kentuckian, who at the age of sixty, still dares the gloom of the forest, panting for newer lands to settle, is worth a hundred dead Greeks or living Scotch Reviewers.

22d. This morning we passed Portsmoutli, a small village in the Sciota bottom. A httle

below this I landed at a cabin, where the good woman was nursing a child with a sore head. She firmly believed that the eruption could not be cured, except by a seventh son.

On the 23d we passed Maysville, in Kentucky, where I landed to throw some letters into the post-office, but had not time to make any observations.

About sunset we landed our boat on the Kentucky shore. A poor negro, who had lost both his feet, but still moved with activity on his knees, like the warrior in Chevy Chace, who,

' When his legs were smitten off, Still fought upon his stumps,"

came on board to dispose of a string of fish. One of the passengers, an European, whom we had picked up lately, purchased a fishing line from him, directing the fellow to call again for the money ; but when he came, refused to pay the stipulated sum, and kept the poor black wrangling half an hour about a few cents. The needy cripple was at last compelled to take what he could get, and hobbled away.

muttering imprecations against the stranger, whom he termed " a mighty poor white man j' an expression which, in the mouth of a negro, indicates the most sovereign contempt. The blacks entertain a high respect for those whom they term gentlemen," and apply that title with a good deal of discrimination j but 'poor white folks" they cordially despise. I regretted the conduct of our fellow-passenger, because such meanness and dishonesty disgust the person who suffers by it, and induces him, on subsequent occasions, to treat foreigners with less civility : and it is thus that the misconduct of travellers provokes our people into acts of rudeness, which make them appear disadvantageously to those who are unacquainted with the cause of it. It was a vile act. The man who would cheat a negro would purloin without shame ; he who would wrong a poor cripple, would not hesitate to commit murder. Had he been an American, I should have blushed for him ; as it was, I could only thank Heaven he was not my countryman.
