D’r Brunaugh. I recd. the letters and papers accompanied by your note of yesterday, I wayed the matter well and at one moment had concluded to accept the appointment offerred but on more mature reflection added to the repugnance of Mrs. J. to go to that country I have declined and so I have wrote the president and Sec of War.*

With a small fund, and good recommendations a great spec might be made at Pensacola and Ft St Augustine, by the purchase of negroes from subjects who will leave the Territory. with a fourth advanced, one two and three years might be obtained for the ballance well guranteed. I name this to you that you may look and see—send my letters and papers and believe me to be sincerly your friend

Isaac L, BAKER * TO JACKSON. . . . . I was gratified on reaching this place yesterday to find Mr Earle in this country.?, He has done well in exhibiting his full length likeness

1A Kentuckian, captain U. S. -.. till 1817, now a Louisiana planter. : '

here as it has gratified the citizens and not been unprofitable to himself. An effort (which will succeed) is making here to raise a thousand Dol- lars to buy one for this city. When this arrangement is complete which is expected to morrow Mr Earle will go on to New Orleans where I have no doubt he will meet all the patronage he is entitled to receive. I will return as far as Plaquemine on my way home with him and will give him such letters to my friends in the city as may be of service to him.

I send you with this a pamphlet lately much read and sought after in our state against the Robertson Dynasty,* which has declared open war against all your friends and adherents who dared to oppose their coming into power. They have quarrelled with the French and cannot get on well with only a moiety of the americans to aid them in the extraordinary game they are playing.

Major Genl. Andrew Jackson

Sir By order of the Association of American Artists, I am directed in their name to return you thanks for your Politeness in siting for your Pic- ture when in this City at their request, through the Intercession of Alder- man Carswell and others of your Friends, for the purpose of having an engraving taken therefrom and now request the favour, of your accep- tance of one framed and two unframed proof Impressions from the Plate; * which are forwarded you through Mr. F. Croft of New Orleans and which I hope will arrive safe and give you Pleasure.

I have the honour to be, with every sentiment of Respect and Esteem,

Your sincere well wisher and Obedt. Servt.

To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.*

. . . . On the subject of the traty with Spain the President believes it will be ratified by our government, and has wrote to know of me if I will

the life of a travelling portrait painter and visited Mississippi. At Natchez he married a daughter of Mrs. Jackson’s sister Mrs. Jane Caffery (see vol. I., p. 214). Soon after- wards Earl became a widower and went to the Hermitage to live. He was a loyal and amiable friend and never outlived his welcome in Jackson’s household. He died at the Hermitage in 1837. He painted many portraits of Jackson and some portraits of Jackson’s political friends. They do not rank high in art, but they compare favorably with the work of the wandering portrait painters of the day. Jackson had a high opinion of “ my friend Earl” (see Pliny Earle, The Earle Family, p. 89 n.

Referring to Earl’s portrait of Jackson exhibited in Natchez, Andrew J. Donelson wrote Jackson from New Orleans, Mar. 3, 1821, as follows: “Mr Duncan has favoured Mr Earl with a room in his private house, in which hangs the portrait of Genl J. It is pronounced by all who have seen it, the best likeness ever exhibited in the city. There is no doubt of the Corporation’s taking a copy. The city council of Natchez have agreed to compensate Mr Earl with $1000, if he furnishes them with a copy in four months from ths tions of their meeting, last month, Mr Earl is well and sends his best wishes to yourself and Aunt.”

8’ Thomas B. Robertson, governor of Louisiana 1820-1824.

accept the government. I had said to him when in this country I would not, he requests me to reconsider the subject, and the secretary of war has united with the President on this subject. Major Eaton writes me that my friends in congress is determined to have me appointed whether I will accept or not, from which I infer there is some strong political reason operating with my friends for their solicitude upon this occasion. I had determined, and prepared letters to that effect, saying I would not accept the appointment. my friends at Nashyille grew impatient at my decision and on their solicitation believing my letters had gone on the previous mail said to them, if they would apply at the office, if my letters had not gone on I would say to the President I would accept it, and organise the gov- ernment, with the understanding that I might resign, as soon thereafter as I thought proper. my letters had not gone on, and thus I have written to Mr Monroe. if these letters gets on before the President is compelled to make the nomination I will receive the appointment, my hopes are that they letters will not reach there before the 3d of March, they cannot be- fore the first, for I assure you it will be with great reluctance I will go to that country in the capacity of governor, a few days will decide this ques- tion, when you will hear from me. ....

JAMEs J. HANNA TO JACKSON." D sir, I wrote you a few days ago from Petersburg which letter I sup- pose you have received before this. I have not been able to do any thing

To half of the travelling expenses from Nashville to Milton $28.4334 $14.22 “ Mine and Mr. Samuels expenses to Petersbg. on your business exclusively $14.75 “ Cash. Paid Parrish the Gaoler’s bill 146.80 “ My Exps. to Norfolk and while detained there 19.25 “ Mr Samuels. Exps. from Petersburg with Tom 9.00 “ 9 days. Mr. S. was employed to P. and back at 4/6 6.75 Pd. for. pr pantaloons and another pr of shoes for Tom at Milton 2.12% “ Cash paid Toms Exps. from Milton ; 14.41 “ Your proportion of my exps. $27.57 for Milton home 13.78 By Cash Recd. of you at Nashville.

The above balance was advanced in eastern money Expenses. to Capt. Amis with Jas. J. Hanna your mare and back to

Jacksons, if regained

with Ned, who is still out, nor have I been able to discover his wife to make the proposition to her you desired. from what I know of the Ne- groes in this part of the World, I am sure it would be of no avail even if I had seen her. A day or two after my arrival I was offered $300 in cash for Ned as he ran and agreed to take it and after waiting untill today for the man to raise the money, I now find he either cannot do it or wishes to get the fellow for half nothing; I have a great deal of confidence in Mr Ogg, (the gentleman who you will recollect I wrote to last summer to sell him, from whom I have met with a great deal of friendship) and have left a power of attorney with him to sell him, (he says he will be able to get $350 for him), which is the only thing I am able to do: The fellow has been frequently seen and heard of and there are many who would buy him, but they suppose that I am compelled to take whatever they choose to offer for him. The mare is in very good order and full of spirit, I shall go to Washington in the morning thence to Nash. and after completing my business take her to Sir Archie. Give my respects to Mrs Jackson, and Andrew, and belive me, Yours very Respectfully

THE SECRETARY OF STATE (JOHN Quincy ADAMS) TO JACKSON.”

Sir, By direction of the President of the United States, I have the honor of transmitting to you three Commissions,

1.—As Commissioner to receive possession of the Provinces of East

and West Florida, conformably to the Treaty between the United Str? aiid Spain, concluded on the 22d of February 1810.

2.—z::s Governor of the whole Territories of which possession is to be

3.—As Commissioner vested with special and extraordinary powers,

conformably to the stipulations of the Treaty and to the Act of Congress for carrying the same into execution; copies of both which are also among the enclosures with this letter.

Together with the Spanish Ratification of the Treaty, there was trans- mitted to the Spanish Minister at this place a Royal Order, to the Captain General and Governor of the Island of Cuba, for delivering possession of the Provinces of East and West Florida, according to the stipulations of the second article of the Treaty.?

Colonel James G. Forbes has been appointed by the President Agent and Commissary to deliver this Royal Order to the Governor of Cuba, to concert and arrange with him the execution of it, and to receive any docu- ments or archives which may be at the Havanna, and which are stipulated to be delivered by this article. A copy of his Instructions is herewith en- closed; * by which you will perceive, that he is to deliver over to you all such documents or archives as he may receive at the Havanna. It is de-

sirable that those relating to each of the two Provinces should be kept distinct from each other, and that this Government should be informed generally of their character and quantity.

Colonel Forbes is to take passage at New York, in the United States’ Sloop of War Hornet, Captain Read; and, on arriving at Pensacola, is to give you immediate notice, that you may repair thither to receive posses- sion of that place. The Hornet is to remain there to escort the transports, in which the Spanish officers and troops, and their baggage, are to be con- veyed to the Havanna. The Spanish Minister * has expressed a strong wish, that no troops of the United States may be introduced into Pensa- cola or St. Augustine, until after the evacuation by those of Spain. The object of this request being to avoid any possible unpleasant altercations between the soldiers of the two nations, the President thinks it reasonable to comply with it, unless you should be of opinion that it will be attended with inconvenience. In that event, he relies that you will take every mea- sure of precaution which may be necessary to guard against any such collisions between the soldiers; and he trusts with confidence that in every arrangement for the evacuation, the utmost delicacy will be observed to avoid every thing which might tend to wound the feelings of any of the Spanish officers, soldiers, or subjects, who are to remove.

It is the President’s desire, that you should appoint General Gaines, or such other officer as you may deem expedient, to receive possession of St. Augustine; and that the same Instructions should be applied to the execution of that service. The United States’ Brig Enterprize, or Sch. Porpoise, will be ordered to proceed to that place, to escort the transports which are to convey the Spanish officers and troops thence to the Havanna. The care of providing the transports at both places is referred to you. The number of troops at either place is not known, but supposed to amount to about 500 men at each. The stipulation is understood to in- clude civil as well as military officers, and provisions as well as passage. Instructions will be given by the Secretary of War to the Quarter-Masters and Commissaries to furnish to your orders provisions and transports for the conveyance of the Spanish officers and troops.* It is expected they will be supplied at New Orleans and Mobile, for those to embark within the Gulph, and at Savannah and Charleston for those going from St. Augustine.
