. . . . On my way through Virginia, to this place, I learned from a source in which I place confidence, that it was contemplated by some of the leading men of that State, about Richmond, to address you soon, for the purpose of ascertaining your opinions at large, in relation to the con- struction which you place on the federal consti[tu]tion, and more espe- cially in relation to the power of making internal improvements, through the territory of the States, by the General Government. Your opinions on this subject I have no doubt have long since been settled, and when called on in a proper way I have as little doubt will be given independently, and regardless of consequences. Virginia you know is exceedingly sensa- tive on this subject, and the only object I at present have, in writing you is, that you may not be taken unapprised; and be called upon for a hasty opinion. Without great care in the phraseology employed to convey our ideas, you know the plainest sentiment in the English language may be perverted, and by the uncandid made to mean any thing but what it was intended to mean. It may be that the call may never be made; but whethere it should or not, I hope not to be deemed obtrusive in making the sug- gestion. It can do no harm. The information though not given to me

Colonel Hays married Polly, sister of Rachael Donelson, and was therefore Robards’s brother-in-law. When he died, many years later, Jackson executed his will, and in con- sequence many of Hays’s papers got mixed in with the J ackson Papers. There is evidence tending to show that Jackson eventually became the owner of the land to which Robards alluded in this letter.

in confidence, I presume was not intended to be made public; I feel how- ever unrestrained in communicating it to you, and for your greater satis- faction, will state it to you confidentially as I recd. it.

At Abingdon in conversation with Dr. McCall, he stated to me that such a call would certainly be made on you; that he had learned it from Col. Campbell a very intelligent gentleman of that vicinity and one who was well acquainted with the views of the leading politicians of the State; and particularly of those in Richmond and its vicinity. Whether the call will proceed from the friends of the administration, or from the luke- warm, I am unable to say. That it will not proceed from your friends I am satisfied—tist. because they have had ample opportunities in the whole tenor of your public life of understanding and knowing your opin- ions, upon this as well as all other great National questions, on which it has become necessary for you to either speak or act; and 2nd. because in Virginia, your friends have now no occasion to make such a call, for Virginia, from information recd. from all qua[r]ters is now as deter- mined in her opposition to the present administration, as Tennessee, Pennsylvania or any other State in the Union. Whatever therefore may be the design of some in Va. who have suggested this plan, with a view as I belive to injure you in that state, the effort must be wholly abortive. I must close this communication already swelled to a much greater length than I anticipated when I commenced it. It is written with the best de- sign, and if the suggestion contained in it should possibly be of any service I shall be amply rewarded. In the progress of the session if any thing of interest should occur, which does not appear in the Newspapers I will take great pleasure in communicating it, and shall be happy at any time you can find leisure to hear from you.

I have the Honor to be

NB. Our foreign friends here rejoice with us at the success of our friend Majr. Eaton. We consider it a great point gained.

JacKson’s MARRIAGE: Sworn STATEMENT OF Mrs. SALLY SMITH.

The statement of Mrs Smith widow of Genl Daniel Smith formerly the representative of Tennessee in the Senate of the U states.?

As well as I now recollect Mr Smith and myself settled in this country in the year 1784. At that period, or shortly after it Mrs Donelson and family were among the few families who came and settled in the coun- try on the south side, of Cumberland river, where, altho they were but a few miles from me, yet, in consequence of the river running between us, and the danger of visiting in those days, I did not become personally acquainted with them for two or three years after. The family however was universally spoken of as one of the most respectable and worthy in the whole county. The first time that I ever saw Mrs Jackson, then Mrs Roberts, was at the station of Col Mansker. One of her Brothers had not long before brought her from Kentucky, where she and Mr Roberts had been married and settled—the cause of her return to Tennessee, was then

attributed to the cruel and unjust treatment of her husband who was spoken of every where as a man of irregular habits, and much given to jealous suspicions.

About 2 years after I first saw Mrs Roberts, I learned that Roberts had arrived in the country, and by the assistance of the family of his wife that their differences had been reconciled, and that they were again living together at Mrs Donelson’s. They were not long however together, before it was understood that the same unhappy apprehensions seized the mind of Roberts, and the consequence of which was another separa- tion, and as it soon appeared, a final one. All the circumstances attending this rupture I cannot attempt to state with much particularity at this late day. But it is hardly possible, considering the free and unreserved inter- course that prevailed among all the respectable classes of people here at that time, that an incident of this nature should occur without being fully and generally known; and that every person should concur in the same views upon its character, without the best reasons. In this transaction Mr. Roberts alone was censured; and I never heard a respectable man or woman intimate that the conduct of his wife differed from that of the most prudent, and virtuous female. Genl Jackson boarded at the time in the house of Mrs Donelson, and it was the common belief that his character and standing, added to his engaging and sprightly manners, were enough to inflame the mind of poor Roberts addicted as he was to vicious habits and the most childish suspicions.

Mr Roberts had not been long gone from Tennessee when informa- tion was received here that he had obtained a divorce from his wife. Whether this information came by letter or by a newspaper from Vir- ginia addressed to my Husband, I cannot now say with certainty, but I think by the latter. It was after this information came that Genl Jackson married Mrs Roberts, and I recollect well the observation of the Revd Mr Craighead in relation to the marriage—it was that it was a happy change for Mrs Roberts, and highly creditable to Genl Jackson who by this act of his life evinced his own magnanimity as well as the purity and innocence of Mrs Roberts. And such was the sentiment of all my acquain- tances. Since this period I have lived within a few miles of Mrs Jackson, and have never been acquainted with a lady more exemplary in her de- portment, or one to whom a greater share of the respect and regard of friends and acquaintances can be awarded.

Given at my plantation in Sumner County State of Tennessee, on the

Done in the presence of Daniel S Donelson, as witness my hand and

signature. DantEL S Donetson [Seal]

My dear Major, Inclosed you will receive a copy of Mrs. Genl. Smith’s statement on the subject spoken of. Capt. Donelson is not acquainted with

1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. (transcript); original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library.

Mrs. Bowen, and how her statement will be obtained I cannot devise, unless you and Mr. M Lamore will ride up and see her, and perhaps neither of you are acquainted with her. Mrs. Bowens, together with Mrs. Craighead and Mrs. Smith will be all sufficient. Mrs. Bowen is sister to Colo. Russle, late of Fayette county Kentucky, deceased, and I believe sister of Genl. Russle, step father of Mrs. Frank Preston. The high char- acter of these three ladies, and their numerous respectable connections, will carry credence with their statement whereever it is seen.

I am more anxious on this subject than perhaps I ought to be, but the Rascallity of the attempt to blacken the character of an ancient and Virtuous female who has thro life maintained a good reputation and has associated with the best circles of society in which she has been placed, and this for the basest purpose, by a coalition at the head of which I am sure Mr. Clay is, raises in my mind much feelings of indignation that I can scarcely control, but a day of retribution as it respects Mr. Clay and his tool Colo. Hammond, must arrive should I be spared.

You cannot confer a greater obligation on me than by obtaining Mrs. Bowen’s Statement. Could I move in this thing, I would apply to her Myself, but if I did, it might be used injuriously. I will come down and see Mr. Overton as soon as I can make some arrangements about my cotton.

I am very respectcully, yr friend

P. S. I have to send you the original which I have not time to copy. My Dr. Sir, will you have it copied, and the original I will get when I go down or Capt. A. J. Donelson will copy it when he goes down on Friday next. Keep the original safe.

D’r Genl, The business of my little ward (Hutchings) drew me to Alabama shortly after you left me from whence I have Just returned. The Legislature of Alabama has chosen Mr John M[c]Kinley their Senator. James Jackson, Colo. N. Davis, Judge Clay, and Doctor Moore, names were before the people as candidates with Mr McKinley—finding Judge Clay the Strongest of the coalition, Jackson, Davis and Moore united upon Judge Clay against McKinley, and were defeated by three votes—however it is said Judge Clay came forth publickly against the administration, but my friends it appears, had not as much confidence in his avowals, as they had in McK. you will therefore infer that Major McKinly has been elected by my political friends, and I hope he may notise their expectations. The major will be with you shortly, and you can soon Judge whether the confidence of the people is well founded or not. Clay au endeavour to wield him to his views, but I cannot believe he will succeed.

As far as I could Judge from the voice of the people as I passed through Tennessee your popularity is Daily increasing, but you will have to re- turn early in the spring and pass through the state. We are now looking

to the city for the President communication to Congress which will afford the type holders some employment, and develope to the Nation its politi- cal prosperity and situation, and give us a clear view of the panama Con- gress, as I see Mr. Seargeant * has Just sailed before the meeting of Con- gress: the necessity of this movement, must have been as urgent, as the cause of accepting the invitation to be represented there, a few days be- fore the meeting of last Congress.

I am anxiously awaiting a letter from you, after your arival at the city, and having seen our friends of Fredrickburge va., and presented my note to Mr Southerd. I am determined to unmask such part of the Executive council, as has entered into the combination to slander and revile me; and I trust, in due time to effect it, and lay the perfidy, meaness, and wickedness, of Clay, naked before the american people. I have lately got an intimation of some of his secrete movements, which, if I can reach with possitive and responsible proof, I will wield to his political, and perhaps, to his actual destruction. he is certainly the bases[t], meanest, scoundrel, that ever disgraced the image of his god—nothing too mean or low for him to condescend to, secretely to carry his cowardly and base purpose of slander into effect ; even the aged and virtuous female, is not free from his secrete combination of base slander—but anough, you know me, I will curb my feelings until it becomes proper to act, when retributive Justice will vissit him and his panders heads.
