"The cultivation of tobacco and the introduction of slaves, soon after Virginia was settled, have had a marked influence upon the habits, character and fortunes of the country. The introduction of tobacco in England, about twenty years before the settlement of Jamestown, led to a rapid extension of its use. A demand being thus created, and a heavy price paid, encouraged the first settlers of Virginia to cultivate it for market, to the neglect of other crops. It long continued the sole article of export, and, from the inadequate supply of the precious metals, it became the general measure of value, the principal currency of the Colony. In 1758, the quantity exported had increased to about seventy millions of pounds, since which time the product has somewhat diminished.

"As this plant requires land of the greatest fertility, and its finer sorts are produced only in virgin soil, which it soon exhausts, its culture has been steadily advancing westwardly, where fresh land is more abundant, leaving the eastern region it has impoverished to the production of Indian corn, wheat and other grain. Its cultivation has thus generally ceased in the country below the falls of the great rivers, and, in its progress to the west, the centre of the tobacco region is now two hundred miles from the coast.

"The business of cultivating tobacco and preparing it for market requires such continual attention, and so much and so many sorts of handling, as to allow to the planter little time for any of the other useful processes of husbandry ; and thus the management of his dairy and orchard, and the useful operations of manuring, irrigation and cultivating artificial grasses, are either conducted in a slovenly way or neglected altogether. The tobacco district nowhere exhibits the same external face of verdure, or marks of rural comfort and taste, as are to

>:. SCHAEFER, President. T. C. JONES, General Manager.

CHAS. M. BLACKFORD, Vice President. J. P. WILLIAMS, See'y. and Treas.

Though the works are not in the City itself, this is nevertheless a Lynchburg enterprise, and, outside its tobacco factories, the most important manufacturing establishment connected with the City and its trade.

The works are located about four miles above the City; the " big dam " which spans the wide James just above their works, gives them the water power of the whole river, sufficient for several works as large as theirs, but as the Company own the whole tract of land along the river from the dam to the next lock, these advantages will remain secured to them forever. With excellent railroad facilities at their door, located in the midst of the ore lands of the James River Valley, within easy reach of the New River, Clinch Valley and Craig's Creek ore and coal fields, and with this immense water power secured to them forever, the advantage and value of their property cannot be overestimated. In order to fully develop the value of their property, the Company have now determined to add a blast furnace to their works, which will be completed by the end of the year. Making their own iron, they expect to double their profits, at the same time to enlarge the capacity of their works and to extend their trade into new territory. The new stock offered for carrying out these projects was taken up in three days; this fact is proof enough that the Company's advantages and brilliant prospects are fully recognized. The capital stock of the Company is now about $200,000. After their present plans are carried out and the prospective profits realized, further additions to the works are contemplated.

Their present capacity is something over 400 kegs of nails per day, besides several tons of bar-iron, spikes, &c. The demand for the products of the mill is gi'eater than it can supply, though working to its full capacity; their nails and iron being of superior quality, are selling not only in Virginia and neighboring States, but as far south as Georgia and Alabama and in liirmingham, even in competition with its own products — in fact in many Southern cities.

By increasing the capacity of their works and cheapening the cost of their product, the Company expect in another year to reach the Mississippi and the Gulf States with their goods.

Altogether their prospects are most promising and we know that the liberal and energetic management of the works will see to it that they are realized as far as in their power.

be seen in those countries in which its culture has been abandoned.

"But the most serious consequence of the tobacco cultivation is to be found in the increase of slaves; for, though it did not occasion their first introduction, it greatly encouraged their importation afterwards. It is to the spirit of commerce, which, in its undistinguished pursuit of gain, ministers to our vices no less than to our necessary wants, that Virginia owes this portentous accession to her population. A Dutch ship from the coast of Guinea, entered James River in 1620, thirteen years after the first settlement of Jamestown, and sold twenty of her slaves to the Colonists.

"The large profits which could be made from the labor of slaves, while tobacco sold at three shillings sterling a pound, equal to about ten times its ordinary price now, greatly encouraged their further'importation, by gi\'ing to the planters the means of purchasing, as well as

PROPERTY OF THE VIRGINIA NAIL AND IRON WORKS COMPANY,

the inclination ; and the effect would have been much greater if they had not been continually supplied with labor from the paupers, and sometimes the convicts, who were brought from luigland and sold to the planters for a term of years to defray the expenses of their transportation.

" This supply of English servants, together with the gradual fall in the price of tolDacco, had so checked the importation of slaves that, in the year 1671, according to an official communication from the Governor, Sir William Berkeley, while the whole population was but 40,000 the number of indented servants was 6,000, and that of the slaves was but 2,oco. The importation of the latter, he says, did not exceed two or three cargoes in seven years, but that of servants, of whom, he says, 'most were English, few Scotch and fewer Irish.' he estimates

.IA<;OB H. KUANKLIN. ('HAS. M. FRANKLIN. EDGAR FRANKLIN.

Jacob H. Franklin & Sons.

Keep always in store one of the larjijest and most varied stocks of

McaYij, Staplo and Fancij Groceries,

to be fonml in tlie Slate, consistinir in part of Coffees, Teas, Sutrars, Syrups, Molasses,

Bacon. Bulk Meats, Lard, Rice, Hominy, Cheese, Fish, Soaps, Candles, Soda,

Bread Powders. Oils. Canned Fruits Vegetables Fish and Meats;

Brooms. Buckets. Blackintr, Blueine:; Cakes. Crackers, Candies;

Spices, pround and whole; Concentrated Lye, Potash,

Matches, Paper, Paper Bags, Twines, Alum, Coj)-

pen>s, Epsom Salts. Sulphur, &c., &c.

Which they will sell strictly ivliohsale, as cheajj as they can be bought in this or any

lynchtarg Ice u Refrigerator Co.,

E. SCHAEFER, President. .JOHN W. CARROLL, \' ice President.

P.. I. OTEY, Treasurer.

Is a recent addition to the manufacturing establishments of the City. This Company, as the name indicates, make artificial ice, using distilled water, viz., condensed steam, therefore an absolutely pure article i.s obtained, free from any vegetable or animal germs, which even the best transparent natural ice so often contains. Their capacity i.s 20,000 pounds per day, more than this in cool weather, something less during the hot weather, when they have to keep the temperature of their ice and cold storage houses down to the freezing point.

Ice in Lynchburg is now selling at yi cent per pound, in larger quantities at $5 per ton, while in former years the price was about twice as high. The advantage this establishment has been to the City is therefore apparent at a glance. What in most other inland cities of the South is still more or less a luxury, is here selling so low as to bring this — a necessity, almost, in a hot climate — within the reach of all

" But in process of time slave labor was found preferable to that of indented white servants, partly because the negro slaves were more cheaply fed and clothed than the laborers who were of the same race as the masters, but principally because they were less able to escape from bondage, and were more easily retaken. The colonial statute book affords abundant evidence of the frequency and facility with which the indented servants ran away from their masters ; and the extent of the mischief may be inferred from the severity of its punishment. In 1642, runaway servants were liable, for a second offence, to be branded on the cheek; though fifteen years afterwards the law was so far mitigated as to transfer this mark of ignominy to the shoulder. In 1663, their term of service, which did not often exceed four or five years,

(cor. church and sixth streets.)

might, for the offence of running away, be prolonged, at the discretion of a magistrate, and the master might superadd 'moderate corporeal punishment.' In the following year, this class of persons, prompted by the convicts who had been sent over after the restoration of Charles the Second, formed a conspiracy of insurrection and murder, which was discovered just in time to be defeated. Seven years afterwards, in 1670, the Governor and Council took upon themselves to prohibit the further importation of convicts, whom they call 'jail birds,' and they assign this conspiracy as one of their motives for the order. The privilege, too, enjoyed by the servant, of complaining to the magistrate for the harsh treatment of his master, either as to food, clothing or

MANUFACTrRERS OF AND WHOLESALE DEALERS IN

Plug, Twist, and Smoking Tobacco.

fn.HE business enterprise, prosperity and solidity of n, City are in a Uir;L,e measure I indicated by the extent and character of her commercial houses. In the com- merce of the South, the City of Lynchburg occupies a prominent and important position. Her situation, as the natural depot for the reception, manuf icture and shipment of tobacco, gives her special prominence in connection with this great staple, which may be considered the main source of the pros[)erity, wealth and commercial standing of the City.

The old, wealthy and successful establishments en imaged in handlinij and manufacturing tobacco have become familiar by trade and reputation in all sections of the land.

One of these is the firm now under review. In 18G7, Mr. C. V. Winfree and Mr. William H. Loyd associated themselves together under the firm name of Winfree & Loyd. Tiie house soon took rank as one of the leading tobacco manufae-tories in this part of the country— a position to which it was justly entitled from the variety and magnitude of its stock, its extensive transactions, and the-well-known characteristics of the gentlemen compr)sing the firm.

About four years ago Mr. (Jharles L. Adams, who" had previously served the firm with faithfidness and ability for many years, was admitted as a partner, and the present name of the tirm (Winfree, Adams & Loyd) was adopted.

i\ll the members are practical men, having acquired by long training and experience a thorough knowledge of their work and their business is managed carefully, scientifically, and ivith the consummate judgment wliieh disdains the use of inferior materials or the offering of anything short of excellence in manufactured articles. The financial part of tlie concern is managed by the senior [)artner, while Mr. Loyd attends to buying the raw material at the wareliouse sales, and, being a fine judire of qualities, selects the leaf with the utmost care. Tlie tilliug of orders and active office business is under the immediate su{)ervision of Mr. Adams.

The factory of tiie firm is situated at the coi-ner of Tenth and Lynch Streets, and conijjrises two large four-story brick buildings, forming together one commodious and complete establishment, thoroughly equipi)ed with the nsachinery and appliances necessary for their extensive operations.
