le Virginia and Tidewater, almost on the line between the archsean and the tertiary formations — sometimes in one and sometimes in the other — belongs equally to both. From Washington and Alexandria ray out the Washington, Ohio & Western, and the Virginia Midland, with its various branches ; from Fredericksburg, the narrow gauge to Orange C. H.; from Richmond, the Chesapeake & Ohio stretches out throngh Henrico, Hanover and Louisa into Piedmont, and thence to the Ohio and beyond ; and the Alleghany, along the beautiful valley of James River through Middle Virginia into Piedmont and Appalachia. The Richmond & Danville road penetrates this part of Virginia for a hundred and fifty miles before passing into North Carolina, and sends out a branch at Keysville and another at Sutherlin. The Brighthope road from Bermuda Hundred taps the coal region at Clover Hill, twenty-odd miles away. At Petersburg, the Norfolk & Western road passes from Tidewater into Middle Virginia, and, after a course of more than a hundred and tv/enty miles in this Division, strikes out Southwest through Piedmont and the Valley to the Tennessee line at Bristol. The Atlantic & Danville is in course of construction from the point to which it is now completed. Hicksford, in Green.sville County, to Danville and beyond ; and the Southern link of the Virginia Midland extends from Lynchburg to Danville, with a branch from Elba Station into Franklin county. All these roads intersect this Division of Virginia, and there are others projected, and probably soon to be built."

" Except in limited localities, in and near certain water courses, where malarial diseases prevail to some extent, this is an exceptionally healthy region, perhaps as favorable to longevity as any part of America — we might almost say, of the ivorld.''

To this official statement may be added the singular and important fact that on no single occasion has infectious or contagious disease of any kind ever gained a foothold or assumed an epidemic form in the City of Lynchburg. Sporadic cases have of course appeared, from time to time, but they have never been known to spread here. Indeed it would seem that the climate of this favored region is fatal to nothing save only disease and pestilence, while to all else its effects are eminently stimulating and wholesome.

As Lynchburg lies within twenty miles of the base of the Blue Ridge Mountains proper, and upon the plateau known cs the "sub range" at an average elevation of 700 feet, or thereabouts, above the tidewater level, the following information with regard to the sanatory properties of this climate will doubtless prove of interest to the reader

Major Jed. Hotchkiss, in The Virginias, ]\\\\q 1884, says:

"We would call attention to the fact that the Blue Ridge region in Virginia is, as can be proven by the testimony of consumptives fully restored to health, the best Sanitarium in the United States east of the Mississippi. The sheltered eastern slopes of the long stretch of that mountain range in Virginia, above the line of 1,000 feet of elevation above the ocean level and under that of 2,500. cffers hundreds of localities for health resorts for people afflicted with pulmonary diseases, that surpass any other that we know of or have read of. During the past thirty-six years the writer has frequently recommended this region to persons having such diseases, and in every case where the advice was followed, a restoration to health has resulted. If anyone is sceptical about the efficacy of the Blue Ridge air, water and exercises, as remedial agents for lung troubles, let him spend a few months at some point in this belt, and we will make him the referee lo sustain the opinion here advanced. A ycung man from Vermont, a victim of this especially fearful New England disease, took his advice and spent the winter of 1882-83 there, and went away with restored health that still continues. We could name other cases.

" About the best such people could do would be to buy a few acres of the Sunward dry air slope of the Blue Ridge in Virginia, and busy themselves raising grapes and other fruits while inhaling health and strength. There are at least 200,000 acres of such .sanitary country for occupation, room for 20,000 people with ten acres for each, and none of it remote from railways or markets; and here, too, is the region for building up extensive establishments for health and pleasure that willhave a large all-the-year-round patronage."

General McDonald, editor of the Industrial South, referring to the above, says :

" \\q may say that we have some personal knowledge of the particular locality mentioned, and from our own observation are quite inclined to acquiesce in the opinion of Major Hotchkiss. Among others whom we met at Afton (in this belt) was a very intelligent and pleasant gentleman in the government service at Washington, from whom we learned that, being subject to rhuematism, he thought it well, before determining where he would spend his summer vacation, to consult the Signal Bureau — the desideratum being a dry atmos-

phcre. The officers examined their records, and reported to him that the dryest mountain atmosphere of which they had knowledge was at a place on the Blue Ridge called Afton — of which he had never before heard — and his experience had attested the correctness of the advice that sent him there. So dry is the atmosphere that a newspaper spread on the grass at night shows no sign of moisture next morning, although the night is much cooler than the day/"

The reports of the Standing Committees of the City Council for

(ON CnURCH STREET, AT FOOT OF COURT HOUSE DILL.)

the fiscal years ending Pebruary ist, 1884, 1885, 1886 and 1887, respectively, furnish some very interesting matter relative to the various departments of the Municipal Government. It will be seen at a glance that the City Fathers are fully alive to the wisdom, if not the necessity, of a liberal and progressive policy as regards public improvements of all kinds, while a closer examination will disclose the fact that the bonded debt of the City — always within the limits permitted by the

charter — has increased but Httle, comparatively speaking, despite the large outlay necessitated by the grand results.

The following is from the Report of the Finance Committee for

" The Water Works, with its ponderous nmchinery, lifting water 50 feet, has supplied the whole City with water. The truss, conveying water across Blackwater Creek, was erected at great cost, and your Reservoir on Clay Street stands as sponsor for $50,000 well spent.

" Then, too, you no longer wait for the application of human muscle to the Court House bell to give the alarm of that dreaded element, fire. Electricity holds the hammer in check, ever ready to respond to a simple touch given to a wire in any quarter of the City. You have, in a word, organized (through the zeal and public spirit of the able gentlemen composing the Board of Fire Commissioners) a Department second to that of no city in America. You have improved your public buildings, adding to some here and erecting new ones there — notably your fire stations and improvement to the Court House, Jail and Alms House. The avenues of approach to the City have not been neglected, as can be seen by a passing glance at Grace Street and its continuation ; Cabell Street, too, and then others still in contemplation. The sewers of the City, too, have not been overlooked ; much money not appropriated in the annual ordinance was expended for sewerage, in order to preserve the health of your constituents. So far, then, have you gone in the way of public improvements, and there is, so far as your Committee is advised, but one verdict ; certainly there is no complaint because it has been done. It is true some adverse criticism attended the organization of the Fire Department and the construction of the fire alarm telegraph. Subsequent events have hushed this, and the wisdom of your action can no longer be questioned.

"Your Charter permits you to issue bonds to an amount equal to eighteen per cent, of the real and personal property — taxable values — of the City. In comparing \'our debt with that of other Virginia cities of last year, we find —

The debt of Alexandria was 23 per cent, of its taxable values.

" It is proper to state that the City has not a dollar of floating debt."

F'rom the Report of the City Engineer:

"Within a few past years a wonderful chanse has been wrought in the character and efficiency of the water works; a new pump house has been erected, three powerful water engines are in position, a new reservoir nearly completed, and the distributive pipe system extended in different directions — probably a little beyond the limit of a prudential consideration. An appreciative public has not failed to commend such successful efforts, and will continue to do so as long as we can revel in the enjoyment of an abundant water supply for domestic purposes, for gushing fountains, and other privileges, even the use of water for motive power.

(on SALEM TURNPIKE.)

" The Street Department has exhibited remarkable activity during the past year, and more permanent works have been executed than during any preceding year since the incorporation of the City."

From the Report of the Committee on Water:

"The Committee has the most gratifying announcement to make to the City Council that the water has not been turned off the city for a single hour during the past year. Occasional repairs in different sections of the corporation have caused a suspension, for a few hours, of the supply, but the quantity in storage has been ample for all the needs of the consumers for nearly two years, or since March 3,

One-Price Clothier, Tailor, Furnisto aod Hatter.

IMPRESS THESE FACTS ON YOUR iVilND :

I name the Lowest Prices, and have hut One-Price for Mveryhocly.

Specialist in Fine Clothiny for Men, Youths, Boys and Children.

Sole agent for this city of Juiox' World- Eenowned Derby and Silk Hats.

From the Report of the Committee on Fire:

''An entire reorganization of the Fire Department has taken place during the last twelve months, and instead of a volunteer, a paid organization has been established, and the cost of maintaining the latter has increased immensely ; but the greater efficiency is thought to be commensurate with the expense. March the 16, 1883, an ordinance was passed, appointing three Fire Commissioners, one from each ward, whose duty it was to organize a paid department ; and the

MR. JOSEPH COHN'S CLOTHING ESTABLISHMENT. (corner of main and ninth streets.)

manner and means adopted by that Commission, and the abundant success which has crowned its efforts, has been attested by all who passed through the trying ordeal of last Fall, when there seemed to be a systematic attempt to burn the City. Every night, and frequently twice in one night, fires were kindled by the hands of an incendiary. All praise is due the new Department for preventing immense loss of property and probable loss of life in that awful emergency."

I'om the Chief I'ngineer of the Fire Department:

"Since the organization of this force, the Gamevvell Fire Alarm System has been introduced. '■'

"To say that this system of alarm has proven very satisfactory, and. so far as its jurisdiction extends, is a complete success, I pay but a small tribute to its inestimable worth and pre-eminence over all other methods, indicating, as it does instantly, the location, or thereabouts, of a fire, thereby enabling the Department to repair to it immediately. It has been the means of saving much property."

From the Report of the Committee on Schools:

" It is gratifying to your Committee to be able to report that the Public Schools of the city are in a prosperous and improved condition.
