I expect Mr. Macon and Mr. R. Jones here in the course of this week.

JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

The wet weather has destroyed many broods of young partridges. Can you get any of Pigon & Andrews, in Philadelphia.

Messrs. Wm. Watkins, Bouldin, and Beverley, (who returned on Friday evening,) have just set out for Halifax Court. Tom Murray (I hear) is about to settle in Campbell.

My best regards to Mr. and Mrs. Clay, and Mr. Croskey. Love to godson Randolph, and respectful compliments to Mrs. Rush. She is, indeed, a fine woman; one for whom I

have felt a true regard, unmixed with the foible of another passion. Fortunately, or -unfortunately for me, when I knew her, "I bore a charmed hfcart." Nothing else could have preserved me from the full force of her attractions. I want to hear more of the picture, (Mr. Clay's,) and I want to see it.

No prospect of fair weather. Where are the Yellow Springs? Are they those mentioned in the port-folio?

Since I wrote yesterday evening, we have had a great fall of rain. The weather continues cloudy, and the atmosphere we breathe seems to be water itself — at least, vapour. I must ascribe much of my relief to the resumption of flannels, which I put on in the night of the 14th, (Sunday,) just as the calomel was beginning to operate. I had lain them aside on the 4th, and my health, then bad, grew rapidly worse, until the 22d, when my complaint seemed to take a turn. Be particular respecting your health.

Friday. My dear Theodore,

The last mail brought me no letter from you, from which I infer you have left the city, and I sincerely hope you will not return to it until there is a frost. The post neglected to call for my letters, by which means I shall be a week in arrear. Why, my dear boy, do you omit all mention of your health, strength, and feelings. Remember, I beseech you, how anxious I am upon these subjects, and all others which

concern you, personally. Do not forget to jog the memory of my friend Clay, about writing to me.

Mr. Brown, of Halifax, N. C, and Mr. R. H. Jones, of Warrentovvn, left me yesterday morning. They had been here since this day week, and confidently expected to see Mr. Macon, who had appointed to meet them here on the 25th of July; but he did not come, to our great disappointment. It is greatly to be feared that he is sick. Tudor just now came over from Mr. Rice's. He is well, and requests to be remembered kindly to you. My health is so bad that I despair of making you understand the state of it. The digestive faculty is gone, and the whole nervous system shattered.. Life is, indeed, for the most part, to me, a burden. We have had many very heavy rains within the last ten days. The crops on the small streams are destroyed; and, indeed, the tobacco is every where firing.

Adieu! my son.

Yours, JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

I killed a woodcock on the 24th of July.

This day's post has brought me your welcome letter of the 24th of July. That which you wrote from Bowen's tavern, has not yet come to hand. I am pleased to see that you are forming an acquaintance with so respectable a family as thai of Mr. Walsh. Make my respects to him, and assure him that I sympathize in mind, as well as in body, with his cruel disease. I trust that he will not fail to profit of the judicious

advice, for which I am greatly obliged to him. It would give me great pleasure to renew my old acquaintance in Philadelphia, and form a new one with a few of its worthy inhabitants. I have, however, but three months to stay at home, and many embarrassing affairs to attend to. Among them, the suit of that superlative villain, Hall, who has treated Mr. Coles, if possible, worse than he behaved to me.

1 wish you good sport with Mr. Ashmead's gun. I saw a woodcock yesterday, and sent Tudor to the house for the gun; but we could not spring it a second time. He left me, since dinner, for school. My health is worse than ever.

My best regards to Mr. Clay and family.

It still rains. My corn crop, alone, is good; — tobacco destroyed.

It delights me to see upon what terms you are with Mr. Clay's family. Why does he not write to me? Do you hear any thing of Dr. Gibson? or Mr. Sterrett Ridgely? or Mr. Nicholson? Have you seen Mr. Cooper? Reply to these inquiries. Are the Yellow Springs in Bucks county, and how far from Philadelphia?

Simon has just come to tell me that Euston has broken hisfore leg!

My dear Theodore,

Your letter from "the Ship" did not arrive until yesterday, having been sent by mistake to Clarlcsbury, in Harrison County, instead of Charlotte, C. H. I am disap-

pointed at not receiving one of a later date, and I was not without a hope of hearing from Mr. Clay. I am much obliged to you for your description of the country around, (or, rather, on this side of,) Downingtown: such accounts of the places, persons, &c, you may see, are very acceptable, because they indicate a spirit of observation. There are many who look and do not see, while some see without looking. Indolence and indifference, the maladie du pays (of Virginia,) are more injurious to the eye-sight than candlelight, and the smallest print. By the way, you have never mentioned any preacher, or other public speaker, whom you have heard in Philadelphia. Mr. Hoge forms a standard of comparison, by which you might give me your opinion of Messrs. Alexander, Green, or Smith.

I had thought the Yellow Springs had been a newly discovered watering-place; but, I find them laid down in a map published in 1775, in Pikeland Township, on Pickering's creek, a water of Schuylkill. They are placed a few miles to the north-east of the lt Ship tavern," which is also laid down; but, I presume, that cannot be the correct course. I am greatly pleased to learn that your strength and spirits are recruiting, and I highly approve of your pedestrian essays: but choose not Virginians for your companions. I have no doubt that many of the medical students of the south, leave Philadelphia as ignorant of every thing worthy to be known in that city, as when they entered it. This arises from a clannish spirit, which makes them associate exclusively with one another, and foster their ridiculous prejudices against the people of the middle and northern states, of whom, in fact, they know nothing.

St. George came up on Saturday, He left your sister in good health: she is staying with Mrs. Dillon, (Mr. D. is gone to the Warm Springs in Bath County,) during your cousin's absence, who is gone to Staunton. Tudor returned last evening to school: he came with his mother from Mr. Rice's. Carter Coupland became a member of my family a few days since. Some society was indispensable to me,

and he is a well-disposed boy, who, I trust, will relieve, in some degree, my uncomfortable situation. Beverley is at Staunton, with his wife.

Since my last, it has rained almost daily. My crop (corn excepted) is ruined, and my last year's crop of tobacco, good for nothing.

Tell Mr. Clay that I have just heard from Mr. and Mrs. Bryan, and that they are very well. I hope you will not neglect your friend Dr. Logan. Farewell, my dear Theodore. I long to see you once more.

Yours, truly, JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

Mr. T. Bland Dudley.

St. George has turned an ivory chess-man (a castle,) superior to the European model. He shakes you by the hand.

My solicitude was such to hear from you, that I sent Jupiter down this morning to Roanoke for my letters. He returned with the post-boy, and brought your two letters of the 16th and 19th. You may guess what my anxiety is on the subject of Mr. Clay. I shall be on thorns until the arrival of the next mail. The best medical aid is near him. Why does he not call in Wistar? Press him to do it, and tell him that, indeed, "I cannot afford to lose any of my

real friends" — especially, . I am much concerned,

too, my dear son, on your subject. I know not how to convey to your bosom what I feel. I must insist upon your

abandoning study entirely, for the present. Consult Dr. Wistar seriously, and take his advice. If it be to come home, let nothing but Mr. Clay keep you in Philadelphia. There has been a sudden change in the weather since Thursday, which, I trust, has somewhat relieved you. On the day on which you wrote, I heard Dr. Alexander, at Charlotte,

I thank you for your extracts from your journal, and am pleased to see that the ladies come in for a share of your time. You had informed me of your having left the picture in Baltimore. I have no option but to send this letter or none. I shall make you a remittance in a few days.

St. George is with me, and desires his love to you. Take care of yourself, I beseech you. Keep your mind as undisturbed as possible.

Court-day. My dear Theodore,

I leave you to judge of the state of my feelings, when I tell you that I rode thirty miles through the rain yesterday, for the sake of hearing of Mr. Clay's situation, and find no letter from you. My uneasiness on both your accounts was such, that I determined to absent myself from home until the post-day should come round again. I am now to conclude that you are worn down with watching our friend, and that both of you, perhaps, are in extremity of

illness. I beseech you leave me not in this suspense; and, if unable to write, get Mr. Croskey to tell me, in three words, how you and Mr. Clay are. I intended to have set off to-day for the Warm Springs; but must defer it, and encounter another week of suspense and wretchedness. Take Wistar's advice for yourself, and call him in for Mr. Clay. If he be convalescent, tell him I take it unkindly that he did not ccuse one line to be transmitted me by the post.

I heard our reverend friend, Dr. Hoge, preach one of his best sermons yesterday, from Luke xxiv. verse 44: he read, however, from the 13th to the 47th verse, inclusive. I wish you could have heard his discourse. It was equally argumentative and pathetic. My best affections to Mr. Clay. If the worst should happen, 1 must try and prevail upon his mother to intrust Randolph to me. My last will direct you how to proceed.

JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

T. B. Dudley.

Tuesday. My dear Theodore,

After I had written to you yesterday, your letter to St. George, of the 22d of August, was brought (late at night) from Mr. Rice's, whither it had been sent with some of my own, for what reason I cannot conjecture. I beg of you, my son, not to expose me again to similar casualty — for St. George's stay with me is quite uncertain; being interrupted every two or three days by his necessary attention

to his mother's business. She is in Staunton. I am relieved at finding that Mr. Clay is not worse, and that you are not yet exhausted by nursing. May He who alone has the power, watch over and protect you both. At the same time that your letter to St. George arrived, I received one from Mr. Dillon, and infer from his silence that your sister is well. If my accounts by the next post are not more satisfactory, I shall, forthwith, set out for Philadelphia. I can bear any thing better than suspense. There is no fault more common, or more to be avoided, than egotism. But is it egotism to tell an anxious friend the state of our health? I am glad that my good friend, Dr. Brockenbrough, found you out. Cherish the acquaintance of that man. " He is not as other men are."
