title: The Butterfly's Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast
author: William Roscoe
date: 1807
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/23665 (The Butterfly's Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast, in the 1854 Grant and Griffith reprint; first pub. 1807)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 52
attribution: certain
notes: children's verse; light verse; anapestic

Come, take up your hats, and away let us haste
To the Butterfly's Ball and the Grasshopper's Feast:
The Trumpeter, Gadfly, has summon'd the Crew,
And the Revels are now only waiting for you.

So said little Robert, and pacing along,
His merry Companions came forth in a throng,
And on the smooth Grass, by the side of a Wood
Beneath a broad Oak that for ages had stood,
Saw the Children of Earth, and the Tenants of Air,
For an Evening's Amusement together repair.
And there came the Beetle, so blind and so black,
Who carried the Emmet, his Friend, on his back
And there was the Gnat, and the Dragon-fly too,
With all their Relations, Green, Orange, and Blue.
And there came the Moth, with his plumage of down,
And the Hornet, in Jacket of Yellow and Brown;
Who with him the Wasp, his Companion, did bring,
But they promised that Evening to lay by their Sting.
And the sly little Dormouse crept out of his hole,
And brought to the Feast his blind Brother, the Mole.
And the Snail, with his Horns peeping out of his Shell,
Came from a great distance, the Length of an Ell.
A Mushroom their Table, and on it was laid
A Water-dock Leaf, which a Table-cloth made.
The Viands were various, to each of their taste,
And the Bee brought her Honey to crown the Repast.
Then close on his haunches, so solemn and wise,
The Frog from a corner look'd up to the Skies;
And the Squirrel, well pleased such diversions to see,
Mounted high over-head, and look'd down from a Tree.
Then out came the Spider, with finger so fine,
To show his dexterity on the tight line.
From one branch to another his Cobwebs he slung,
Then quick as an arrow he darted along;
But just in the middle,--Oh! shocking to tell,
From his rope in an instant poor Harlequin fell.
Yet he touch'd not the ground, but with talons outspread
Hung suspended in air, at the end of a thread.
Then the Grasshopper came with a jerk and a spring;
Very long was his Leg, though but short was his Wing:
He took but three leaps, and was soon out of sight,
Then chirp'd his own praises the rest of the night.
With step so majestic the Snail did advance,
And promised the Gazers a Minuet to dance.
But they all laugh'd so loud that he pull'd in his head,
And went in his own little chamber to bed.
Then, as Evening gave way to the Shadows of Night,
Their Watchman, the Glowworm, came out with a light.

Then Home let us hasten, while yet we can see,
For no watchman is waiting for you and for me.
So said little Robert, and pacing along,
His merry Companions return'd in a throng.
