title: Charity Beareth All Things.'
author: Lydia Huntley Sigourney
date: ed. 1834
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00sigo (Poems, Philadelphia: Key & Biddle, 1834; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 58
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

The lion loves his own. — The desert sands,
High tossed beneath his spurning foot, attest
The rage of his bereavement. With hoarse cries
Vindictive echoing round the rocky shores
The polar bear her slaughtered cub bewails,
While with a softer plaint where verdant groves
Responsive quiver to the evening breeze,
The mother-bird deplores her ravaged nest.
The Savage loves his own. — His wind-rocked babe
That rudely cradled 'mid the fragrant boughs,
Or on its toiling mother's shoulders bound
Shrinks not from sun or rain; his hoary sire,
And hunting-spear, and forest sports are dear.
The Heathen loves his own. — The faithful friend
Who by his side the stormy battle dares,
The chieftain, at whose nod his life-blood flows,
His native earth, and simple hut are dear.
The Christian loves his own. — But is his God
Content with this, who full of bounty pours
His sun-ray on the evil and the good,
And like a parent gathereth round his board
The thankless with the just1? Shall man, who shares
This unrequited banquet, sternly bar
From his heart's brotherhood a fellow-guest?
Shall he within his bosom sternly hide

Retaliation's poison, when the smile
Of Heaven doth win him to the deeds of love ]
Speak! servants of that Blessed One who gave
The glorious precept " love your enemies,"
Is it enough that ye should love your jriends,
Even as the heathen do1?
Is He who bore
The flight of friendship, the denial vow
Of coward love — the Pharisaic taunt —
Judea's maddened scourge — the Roman spear —
A world's offences, and the pang of death —
Is He your Master, if ye only walk
As Nature prompts'?
If the love-beaming eye
Drink fond return reciprocal, the lip
That pours your praise, partake your sympathy
"When sorrow blanches it, the liberal hand
Win by its gifts your meed of gratitude,
What do ye more than others'? But on him
Whose frown of settled hatred mars your rest,
Who to the bosom of your fame doth strike
A serpent-sting, your kindest deeds requite
With treachery, and o'er your motives cast
The mist of prejudice; say, can you look
With the meek smile of patient tenderness,
And from the deep pavilion of your soul
Send up the prayer of blessing?
God of strength!
Be merciful! and when we duly kneel
Beside our pillow of repose, and say
" Forgive us, Father, even as we forgive,"
Grant that the murmured vision seal not
Our condemnation.
