title: The Burmans and Their Missionary
author: Lydia Huntley Sigourney
date: ed. 1834
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00sigo (Poems, Philadelphia: Key & Biddle, 1834; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 69
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

" Are you Jesus Christ's man? Give us a writing that tells about Jesus
Christ."
Letter of Rev. Dr. Judson.
There is a cry in Burmah, and a rush
Of thousand footsteps from the distant bound
Of watery Siam and the rich Lathay.
From the far northern frontier, pilgrims meet
The central dwellers in the forest-shades,
And on they press together. Eager hope
Sits in their eye, and on their lips the warmth
Of strong request. Is it for bread they seek,
Like the dense multitude which fainting hung
Upon the Saviour's words, till the third day
Closed in and left them hungering?
Not for food
Or raiment ask they. Simply girding on
The scanty garment o'er the weary limb,
They pass unmarked the lofty domes of wealth
Inquiring for a stranger. There he stands,
The mark of foreign climes is on his brow;
He hath no power, no costly gifts to deal
Among the people, and his lore perchance
The earth-bowed worldling with his scales of gold
Accounteth folly. Yet to him is raised
Each straining eye-ball, "Tell us of the Christ!"
And like the far off murmur of the sea

Lashed by the tempest, swelled their blended tone,
" Sir, — we would hear of Christ. Give us a scroll
Searing his name."
And there that teacher stood,
Far from his native land, — amid the graves
Of his lost infants, and of her he loved
More than his life, — yes, there he stood alone,
And with a simple, saint-like eloquence
Spake his Redeemer's word. Forgot was all —
Home, boyhood, christian-fellowship — the tone
Of his sweet babes — his partner's dying strife —
Chains, perils, Burman dungeons, all forgot,
Save the deep danger of the heathen's soul,
And God's salvation. And methought that earth
In all she vaunts of majesty, or tricks
With silk and purple, or the baubled pride
Of throne and sceptre, or the blood-red pomp,
Of the stern hero, had not aught to boast
So truly great, so touching, so sublime,
As that lone Missionary, shaking off
All links and films and trappings of the world,
And in his chastened nakedness of soul
Rising to bear the embassy of Heaven.

Why art thou sad, — thou of the sceptred hand?
The robed in purple, and the high in state!
Rome pours her myriads forth, a vassal band,
And foreign powers are crouching at thy gate,
Yet dost thou deeply sigh, as if oppressed by fate.
" Diem perdida."' — Pour the empire's treasure,
Uncounted gold, and gems of rainbow die,
Unlock the fountains of a monarch's pleasure
To lure the lost one back. I heard a cry,
One hour of parted time — a world is poor to buy.
" Diem perdida /" — 'Tis a mournful story,
Thus in the ear of pensive eve to tell,
Of morning's firm resolves the vanished glory,
Hope's honey left within the withering bell,
And plants of mercy dead, which might have bloomed so well.
Hail, self-communing Emperor, — nobly wise!
There are, who, thoughtless, haste to life's last goal,
There are, who Time's long-squandered wealth despise,
Vitam perdida marks their finish scroll,
When Death's dark angel comes to claim the startled soul.
