title: The Heart of King Robert Bruce (part 2 of 2)
author: Lydia Huntley Sigourney
date: ed. 1834
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00sigo (Poems, Philadelphia: Key & Biddle, 1834; OCR text)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 77
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

I asked them why the verdant turf was riven
From its young rooting, and with silent lip
They pointed to a new-made chasm among
The marble-pillared mansions of the dead.
Who goeth to his rest in yon damp couch1?
The tearless crowd past on — " 't was but a babe."
A babe! — And poise ye in the rigid scales
Of calculation, the fond bosom's wealth!
Rating its priceless idols as ye weigh
Such merchandise as moth and rust corrupt,
Or the rude robber steals? Ye mete out grief,
Perchance, when youth, maturity or age,
Sink in the thronging tomb, but when the breath
Grows icy on the lip of innocence
Repress your measured sympathies, and say
"'Twos but a babe."
What know ye of her love
Who patient watcheth till the stars grow dim
Over her drooping infant, with an eye
Bright as unchanging Hope if his repose!
What know ye of her woe who sought no joy
More exquisite, than on his placid brow
To trace the glow of health, and drink at dawn
The thrilling lustre of his waking smile!
Go ask that musing father why yon grave
So narrow, and so noteless might not close
Without a tear *

't was but a babe. 143
And though his lip be mute,
Feeling the poverty of speech, to give
Fit answer to thee, still his pallid brow
And the deep agonizing prayer that loads
Midnight's dark wing to him the God of strength,
May satisfy thy question.
Ye who mourn
Whene'er yon vacant cradle, or the robes
That decked the lost one's form, call back a tide
Of alienated joy, can ye not trust
Your treasure to His arms, whose changeless care
Passeth a mother's love 1 Can ye not hope,
When a few hasting years their course have run,
To go to him, though he no more on earth
Returns to you!
And when glad Faith doth catch
Some echo of celestial harmonies,
Archangels' praises, with the high response
Of cherubim, and seraphim, oh think —
Think that your babe is there.

Exodus X. 17.

" Only this once" — the wine-cup glowed
All sparkling with its ruby ray,
The Bacchanalian welcome flowed
And Folly made the revel gay.
Then he, so long, so deeply warned,
The sway of conscience rashly spurned,
His promise of repentance scorned,
And coward-like to vice returned.
" Only this once.'''' — The tale is told,
He wildly quaffed the poisonous tide,
With more than Esau's madness sold
The birth-right of his soul — and died.
I do not say that breath forsook
The clay, and left its pulses dead,
But reason in her empire shook,
And all the life of life was fled.
Again his eyes the landscape viewed,
His limbs again their burden bore,
And years their wonted course renewed,
But hope and peace returned no more.
And angel-eyes with pity wept
"When he whom virtue fain would save,
His sacred vow so falsely kept,
And strangely sought a drunkard's grave.
" Only this once.'''' — Beware, — beware! —
Gaze not upon the blushing wine,
Repel temptation's syren-snare,
And prayerful seek for strength divine.
