title: The Coral Insect
author: Lydia Huntley Sigourney
date: ed. 1834
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00sigo (Poems, Philadelphia: Key & Biddle, 1834; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 40
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Toil on! toil on! ye ephemeral train,
Who build on the tossing and treacherous main;
Toil on, for the wisdom of man ye mock,
With your sand-based structures and domes of rock,
Your columns the fathomless fountains lave,
And your arches spring up through the crested wave
Ye're a puny race, thus to boldly rear
A fabric so vast, in a realm so drear.
Ye bind the deep with your secret zone,
The ocean is sealed, and the surge a stone,
Fresh wreaths from the coral pavement spring
Like the terraced pride of Assyria's king,
The turf looks green where the breakers rolled,
O'er the whirlpool ripens the rind of gold,
The sea-snatched isle is the home of men,
And mountains exult where the wave hath been.
But why do ye plant 'neath the billows dark
The wrecking reef for the gallant bark!
There are snares enough on the tented field,
'Mid the blossomed sweets that the valleys yield,
There are serpents to coil ere the flowers are up,
There's a poison-drop in man's purest cup,
There are foes that watch for his cradle-breath,
And why need ye sow the floods with death!
With mouldering bones the deeps are white,
From the ice-clad pole to the tropics bright,
The mermaid hath twisted her fingers cold,
"With the mesh of the sea-boy's curls of gold,
And the gods of ocean have frowned to see
The mariner's bed 'mid their halls of glee;
Hath earth no graves, that ye thus must spread
The boundless sea with the thronging dead ]
Ye build! ye build! but ye enter not in;
Like the tribes whom the desert devoured in their sin,
From the land of promise, ye fade and die,
Ere its verdure gleams forth on your wearied eye.
As the cloud-crowned pyramids' founders sleep
Noteless and lost in oblivion deep,
Ye slumber unmarked 'mid the desolate main,
While the wonder and pride of your works remain.
