title: The Disobedient Son
author: Lydia Huntley Sigourney
date: ed. 1834
source: https://archive.org/details/poems00sigo (Poems, Philadelphia: Key & Biddle, 1834; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

" Tempt not the sea," — my father said,
His locks were white with age,
And low he bowed his reverend head
Upon the Bible's page.
" Tempt not the sea, my William dear,"
I heard my mother sigh,
Saw on her furrowed cheek the tear,
Bat rendered no reply.
That night, — it was the last, last time!
From my sweet home I fled,
The sabbath-bell with evening chime
Reproached my rebel tread.
One eye there was I shunned to meet,
I could not bid farewell,
And yet its tender glance was sweet,
How sweet, I dared not tell.
For ah! the sea, the sea had bound
My heart in wizard chain,
My boyhood knew no tuneful sound
Like the storm-stricken main.
And when bright fancies o'er my soul
In dreams their sway would urge,
How proud the sapphire waves would roll
Their white and crested surge.
And now that broad, deep sea, I crossed,
A truant sailor-boy.
And when its wildest billows tossed,
I laughed and leaped for joy.
Once when the midnight storm was loud,
Half deafened by the sound,
Reckless 1 climbed the slippery shroud,
And sank in gulfs profound.
On went the ship. With shouts of woe
My gasping lips were dried,
High rolled the waves with crests of snow,
And all my hope defied.
Methought even Earth's foundations rocked
With warring ocean's strife,
While scornful winds like demons mocked
My breathless toil for life.
So, there upon the broad expanse,
Like a vile weed I clung,
While jeering breakers held their dance,
And the mad tempest sung.
Up came the dawn. With pain I raved,
Then like a child would weep.
Methought it walked like Christ, who saved
The faithless on the deep.
Up rose the clear and glorious sun,
Dark sea-birds clapped their wing,
And hovered o'er me one by one,
As o'er a perished thing.
A ship! A ship! — her gallant crew
With pride the waves did stem,
My shrieks of anguish wilder grew,
What were those shrieks to them ]

Wrecks passed me by. I floated still
A cold and helpless form,
Impelled by Ocean's tyrant will,
An atom 'mid the storm.
Strange visions racked my reeling brain,
Unearthly forms did rise,
And upward through the glassy main
I met my true-love's eyes.
Torn hair, methought, like rays of light,
Fell round me on the flood,
I knew my father's locks so white —
Who tinged those locks with blood!
A cottage with its peaceful thatch
And tapered casement glowed,
My shuddering hand essayed the latch,
But burning lava flowed.
Close to my ear a monster sung,
Green from the creeping slime,
And with his red, protruded tongue
Hissed at me for my crime.
" Is there no grave of rest," I cried,
"Down in the dark, deep sea1?"
His hideous jaws he opened wide —
" Where is the rest for thee?"
But lo! there came a spectre-boat,
I hailed not — made no sign,
Yet o'er the wave I ceased to float,
Nor felt the whelming brine.
I waked — how long had been my sleep!
How dreamless my repose!
Strange faces seemed the watch to keep,
They were my country's foes.
In foreign climes the yoke I bore,
Stern Slavery's lot I knew,
Heaven heard: and toward my native shore,
My parents' home, I drew.
Where was my hoary sire 1 They told
How soon his race was run,
And how he sought his pillow cold,
Lamenting for his son.
Shuddering I turned me toward the cot,
Which in my crime I left,
There was my widowed mother's lot
Of sight and joy bereft.
But who was bending o'er her bed,
With voice like pity's dove!
Those were the eyes whose glance I fled —
That was my own true love.
The thraldom of my sin was broke,
I knelt me by her side,
The priest the hallowed words hath spoke,
And blest her as my bride.
My step, my blinded mother hails,
I toil with spirit free,
And only in my fireside tales
Recal the treacherous sea.

Come, gather to this burial-place, ye gay!
Ye, of the sparkling eye, and frolic brow,
I bid ye hither. She, who makes her bed
This day, 'neath yon damp turf, with spring-flowers sown,
Was one of you. Time had not laid his hand
On tress or feature, stamping the dread lines
Of chill decay, till Death had nought to do,
Save that slight office which the passing gale
Doth to the wasted taper. No, her cheek
Shamed the young rose-bud; in her eye was light
By gladness kindled; in her footsteps grace;
Song on her lips; affections in her breast,
Like soft doves nesting. Yet, from all she turned,
All she forsook, unclasping her warm hand
From Friendship's ardent pressure, with such smile
As if she were the gainer. To lie down
In this dark pit she cometh, dust to dust,
Ashes to ashes, till the glorious morn
Of resurrection. Wondering do you ask —
Where is her blessedness! Go home, ye gay,
Go to your secret chambers, and kneel down,
And ask of God. Urge your request like him
Who on the slight raft, 'mid the ocean's foam,
Toileth for life. And when ye win a hope
That the world gives not, and a faith divine,
Ye will no longer marvel how the friend
So beautiful, so loved, so lured by all
The pageantry on earth, could meekly find
A blessedness in death.
