ssador, a and the Lord

y of Fate. . 7.

0 VD N. Printed for V. 1 at 3
he Lamb, without Temple Bar. 17 19. 15 | ma

21 n %: : * Tx hs * 4
223 die * 4 4. 29 vr wo | *. -.
Na Gude D n 10

ME M 0 YF R C |

i 15 $4 6k ; 51
\ Sir W ALTER Roms Sc:
a "jd 324k 4 ot Ly 19 * 13
12283 So] "rt SY k 410 ih _—

30. trear of a Man like ir Walter |
SOA e ofssuch approv d Sufficiency,
Ty 5.0 and of so diffusive a Ptaise, so equally
| 18 A. B teat in so many. different Parts of
Wen Lite, is like attempting a Landfchap V
team a bich Hill, where the Variety
FUN and Extent ot the Prospects serve 5a-
ther to confound, than entertain the
Eye, and call for Judgment to correct the Fanty, which
is too apt to run riot, and especially when ploy: d on
100 ce $, 14 60. IC, 8 f1 4 1
N wy; od a > def and dont:
Under such Disadvantages am I to trace Sir ales,
thro a long and mix d Setieg of Prefermenta and Misfar
And such, were his Excellegcies, | either as 4
Stardsman: or Soldier, Seamen, or Chymist, Chronologer .
% ae that 1 am ag a Loss to determine mp
The 1 ed Leen onghr to be most copious.

LIST to do bim the —
wn | = t ras a Sufferer by my levi

Inability, is, in bis Rise r AQtions; bil Adee ed
and N to follow ry 5 Accounts that ate ex- Kj
t of his Times, a toe 5 3

bo | rent, to satisfy CESS 4
to take Notice, os he was Born at a Sear of his Family
call d Hays, in the Village of Budely,'or Budleigh in De-
N Whatever Honours might belong to the Name
of aleigl. before He enobled it, Time has been pretty
Silent as to their Estates; and ougSir Walter started into
the World the youngest "Brother of his Family. They
whaenvied his Promotions, as it is not to be wonder d,
endeavour d to rob him of his Gentility: bur, to defend.
Him on, tha r, it was a Starestnan's-Qbservation
on Queen'ELTS AIET H, that She, ttirough ber
whole Reign was never guilty of a hasty of
took into her Favour a meer new Man, or a Mechanick ; A.
Maxim, which succeeding Monarchs haus yoke through. |
withour much Scruple- I remember Si lter 5
where talks of Nobility in Farchmedy, eitheppurchar's |
by the Owners Vanity, or conferr d by the Prigceis Favour:
and these; says He, are indeed but. Honours f
Aﬀection, which Ki ne, iib the Change of their INE;
wish ERIE. — ae off ben. 5 *
Where — took the felt lnpressions of 1
might bela Matter of vain Disquibrion ; tho, ptobably, *
it was at some private School in the County which
claims the Honour of his Birth: And when he was ripen. d
to University Learning, we find him a Meniber of Orsel
Callege in 0-yford;. It has been a Doubt, whether the
Slenderness of his or the Active Disposition and
Ambitious Reaches Gf his Soul; made him so restiess and
unconfim dic chat he thought an Intenseness- to his — i
mighi be ai Bar to his Preferment; 8 therefore he
sou khr rhe first Occalions of tank 2 R F
23 rund. Aion. 92

Tue Mathoc who bas iprefix'd His Life. tb. Eis NL
For one of the Int of: Curt, which he knew were
a ais Nime, and improx'd. birpself im the: inttiea Kno]
1 Hedge of our Laws: Bur, L believe, in this Circumstance
here is.a Mistake: so thuions, char no Merit can reasonably
be assum d from correcting ita for Sir h upon”
his Atraignment, in à Reply te the Arromey<General; *
lays a heavy Imprecamon upon kimself, if ever he read 4
Mind of ub Lam, er'Statutes, befare be wen a Prisoner 1
the Tower, * 2001 1 1 18 N At 1

Sit Wulrer, whose Aim was ta recommend; himself
early to the Notice: of ch World, hadi che Advamage of
z stirring Age to second: his Ambition. France: wus then
imbroil din Civil Feudag Exgland; to divert athreaten d
Danges from the growing Power of Snain, lent Assistance
Ito the then distress d and humble Hollander: = Sparny by a
political Reprizal, rais d strong Commotions in Ireland ;
and: the Fee, to make Rebellion more lasting, and give
it che ne Colour of Religion, pretended . that Kingdom
was ai Penquifire-of: St. Peten. Sir Walter, im the beat
of these Distracstinmꝭ thrust himself into Arms, and
made: some Campaiges in France, the Lap:Cawnmries, and
Ireland, But here he! fonnd his Success. ov Encouragement,
so small, and Reputation so slowly attending his
Exploits, that he was resolv d ror try how fur a Sea -
Voyage might improve his Fortune, or extend bis Characer.
His: Thirst: af Honour, and Impatience of a
Condition below: his Spirit, made him a Futtern of Industry
in every ENploy ment. The scanty: Portion of
Sleep that ha allowed himself, and his indefatigable Application
ro) Books, and Business, made him equally a
Master in the Arts of War and Navigation; and he
wanted but the Sunshine of a Court to throw our into
u those Wonders, which were reserv'd for his riper
e | Sort SY

I. Litlerwas/ he yer heard of ar Court, and less were bis
YExpectayzons of cidpgubere, till a QuarceLarose between

—— SOomOuubs. <a — — A - —— RXV s— — — —
a -” 0 - S * .

nn eee
COIN

the Lond - Depnty of Ireland, and ot Raleigh, who .
ent wich a Captain's Commision into chat Kingdom.
The Matter was Complain d afp. arid refer d to the Hearing

of the Council in- Augland. In this Juncture, as ome |

Traditions will have it, Ralegh fohnd an Advocate ;ituthe
Great Batl af Leicester, who, either but of Spleen to the

Lord. Deputy, ot a private InterbstC bf his 00 u, (00 f che

often the chief Motives of a Statesman s Proceedings ;.)
related the whole Business to the Queen at Council, with
no little Advantage to Ruleigbs Conduct. Others say,
he was first introducd by Su/sex;:to: defeat the Designs;
and eclipse the Splendor of Leicester his Enemy. [Hig
Admission to Court, however grounded, by his Wit and
Management, soon open d him a /Passage to Favour aud
Preferment: For the Queen, who was so bod a Judge
of a bright Genius, soon found his Capacity of serving
her; and so far vouchsaf d him ber Ear, that (carte:
any thing of Moment was afterwards done, wichpur
consulting him upon the Sas h n. m3 3d:
d ni goo lolitas parti in es aue lui
Leicester, now, with invidibus Eyes; beheld the pe-
Vailing Influence of Raleigh, and grew jealous, that his
ovyn Interest would attfully. be undermin d by the new
Favourite. The best Meuns he cold invent to divert
the Current of her Aﬀections; was to send Raleigh out of
her Sighr, and introduce the Eart of: Esseæ to bet Service.
Upon this Scheme, he did not fail to insinuate the! Pains.
chat Raleigh took to make Discoveries, and advance the
Glory of the Agi Navigation. The Quten Was as
willing to listen to his Merit; and sent him on à Voyage .
to Sea, in which: be discover d that Country, / which; in ,
Honour of the Queen, has ever since bęen calld Virginia. L
Upon his, Return from this Expedition, She rewurded
him with the Honour of Knighthood ; and amongst other

Preferments, gave him the Goverment of Jersey and lit: e
Einia. . 1497 01 12650 15 13221. 4 12 10 ain N

edn "SEW | . me to
— — £1215 _ 1: 4141 ve 141 J 94 * #4. .

1 id 10 TERS 10 11
Sir Malter nde for a while became a Courtier, till an Panisb:
indiscreet Passion banish'd him from that Sphere; for
happening to debauch obe of the” Maids of Heneuf, ird,
ke afterwards, in Jultice to het, * 1 atter d
2417 | : kame, 1

Fam, married ; )che-Frowns of the Queed for some rims
put a Re t upon his Liberty. He, who could but

brock a Confinement that oppos'd the growing of his
ortunes, Was rants little ĩmportunate to obtain his Freeem
which obtained, he was no less zealous to get out
f che Eye of his Mistresss Displeasure; judging rightly,
hat his Absence, and succesful Voyage, would be most
ikely*to abate her Reserrmengs, and recpncile him to her
zavout r this time that he put bimself
pon his. Guiana Expedition; a Country that had been
0 much talk d of by the Spaniards, and, if posseis d by
Ihe Englisp, was so conveniently scituated to annoy Spain
her American Trade. Sir Walter soon made such Disoveries
there, that it was mov d at the En giisb Court,
iat a Colony should be planted there, and some proporionable_Force
lent over to make good the Action: Bur
his Motion, on Advice, was rejected, in regard of the
Distance of the Country from the main Body of our
Ptrengtb, and becaule the Spaniards, bordering near upon
ft, might cafily cast out our {mall Forces, and make the
Bens #574 -dishonourable to our Nation. Sir Walter,
owever, upon his Return, found bis Discoveries so sasfactory
at Court, that the Queen seem d to have forgot
had ever mis- behav q, and began anew to cherish him
fuub her Favour, |. e "Di |

The Resolutions at Home were now to humble the Inplence
of Spain, and fairly ser on them in their own
orts : A noble Fleet of 150 Sail hereupon was made
Fady. Robert Earl of Essex, and the Lord Charles
loward, the Admiral, were made Commanders in Chief,
ich equal Authority, under the Title of Generals; and
them were join d for a Council of War, the Lord
Pema Howard, Sir Walter Raleigh, Sir Francis Vere, Sit
feorge Carew, and Sir Coniers Clifford, The Fleet soon

me to Anchor on the West Side of the Illand of Cates,
1 * d within two Days after it was agreed to attack the

anz/h Ships. This Agreement was soon put ino Execu-
| 15 on, and the Brayery of Essex and the Englisb so far preour,
ird, that the Spaniard, being miserably ' rorn and
me; er d, reselv d xp fire all their Vessels, or run chem
lee; on

* — 3 —*—³ dÜ( mm Pa nt —— oy

che $ponis Cope; they wprarti'® thtv

fram this Design,” alledging, that it would rob rhe Eat

Orders which the inferior Officers and Soldiers wete

of TIE 25 Falter
mean tine uns commanded” with bis Ve

Metchantibhips lying af He-: T0 den aro!
Dacets were afferd for theft Redatiption, bur the 12
n durnt, to the in off *

gun, cd

10 the Inclinations'of the Earl of Ber, who not 5
would. have —— en underraken for
ages honey ag n

Joahe klein Year, the Quels bling Thfbrin't th
the Kingiof: Spain was prepatitig a new Fleet againit Tre
land, she futedour a Navy ef 120 Saif, divided into
Squadrons, the First ro be commanded by che Earl uf E
sex, the Scond by che Lord Tbp Howard,” and th
Third by Sir #/alrer Raleigh. In this eK n, the
were distress'd with dreadfil” Tempests, and the. Flee
seatter d: but hey met again at the Illes, call'd ore
where Releigh wanting Water, was obig d to
Shore withour Leave, and before he could be fatnith's
was Commanded ro follow Hsser to Faya!! ; where nc
finding him, he observed the Port, and calling 4 Conthci
the Commander advis d him to attack the Place; Sir Gi!
Merick, a Creature of Es, disswaded Sir Walt:

of the Honour af Taking the Town, and so confirm hin
his Enemy. But Sir alter, either too ambitious of th
AQod, ar too eager of rhe Spoil, with some of bis chic
Voluntiers landed, and soon won the Town. The tic
Day E/ex artiv'd, and Meriok fail'd not malicioufly
insimu ate, that Sir Walter had made this Arrempr to prey *
vent bis Lordihip-i in the Honour of the Exploit. So
perswaded rhe Earl to call a Council of War, and cashi ;
Reefs and others advis d the raking off his Head fa
landing withoor- the Leave of his chief Commande
Sw alien. in his Defence pleaded, That he being or
of the three Generals, was not oblig d to observe tho

thar be was necessnared ro land, being in extteamn Wal ©

aa: of Water, which was not to be had without fighting.
This Matter was soon made up by the Mediation of the
Lord Howard, but from That, and former Jealoußies,
arose such an unhappy Contest and Emulation between
the Eart and Raleigb, as never could be thoroughly extinguisn
d. but by Death it self. ni nd!

Aer, ät that time, stond in so high Estimation with
the People, xhax Sir Walter's Actions were by Prejudice
misconstrued, and because he was not Essexs Friend, he
of course be an Enemy to his Country: but a short
Term of Years. took this belov d Rival our of the way ;
For the Earls Heat and Indiscretion run him into Projects
40 indirect, as made his Life dangerous to the Safety
of abe Queen, and she was oblig d, tho with much Re-
Jactancy, to submit to bis Execution. When the Earl
s brought to the Scaffold, as most People believ d Sir
Waker pleas d at the Occasion, so he was highly reflected
don for coming openly to see him die, as if it were on purpose
to insult in the Sacrifice of his Enemy: But if we
are to believe his own dying Words, he protested, That
be shed Tears at the Earl's Death, tho' be was one of the
gontrary Faftion ; and that he was all the while in the Ar-
moury at the further end, where he could but see Essex, and
was sorry that he was not with him, because be beard that
Essex had a desire to see, and be reconciled. to him.

The Queen did not long survive the Fate of that Favourite,
and Affairs as soon chang d to the Disadvantage
of Sir Malter: For when King James came in, and the
Lord Cobham and Sir Walter had design d to meet him on
the Road, he sent them word, Thar they might save themselves
that Labour. The Consequences of such Coolnels
gave room for private Discontents, which were
beighten d by Sir Walter's being turn'd our of his Place of
1 Captain of the Guards, which was given to a Scotch
Lord. Whatever dangerous Measures he entred into, to
revenge the Comempts shewn to his Merirs; Accusations
fol arose to a Suspicion of Treason, and Sir Walter, the
Lord Cobham, and several others were apprehended, and
committed to the Tower. * Ws

e 644 a, 5.4 2003 597, HY 2 TI Re. Mol 1
In the November following, the Pestilenes raging. It
London, they were remov'd from the Tower, under
strong Guard, to be arraign'd-ar Y/inchester; Their Indictment
lay for conspiring to kill the King, to raise a
Rebellion, to alter the Religion, subvert the State; gpd
procure a foreign Invasion, Concerning the first Poihr,
it was prov d, that Thomas Lord Grey design d to obtain
the levying of 2000 Men for the Defence of the Netheflaudi,
and with them to seize upon the King and Prince,
and secure the Lords of the Council in their Chambegꝭ.
For the other Particalars, it was alledg d, That the Lord
Cobham. and Sir Walter Raleigh met at St. Mgrtins in the
Fields, and there consulted about moving I

dition, rau
sing Rebellion, altering Religion, subverting the State,
and setting up the Lady Arabella Stxart. That Sir Walter
was appointed to treat with Count Aremberg for a
large Sum of Money, and the Lord Cobham to apply
himself ro the Arch-Duke and King of Spain, to induce
them to assist the Lady Arabella, : ,

It was much insisted, by their Friends, in behalf of the
Prisoners, that these. things could not be Treason, because.
the King was not yet crown d: And besides, That
the whole Accusation was but a Verbal Matter, and never
took Effect, therefore it could not be Treason. These

were look d upon but as evasive Pleas, offer'd in Mitigation,
rather to skreen than excuse the Offenders, and

therefore had no Influence upon the Proceedings against
hem | ahl

Sir Walter, on the 17th Day of November, 1603. was |
brought to his Tryal before the Earl of Suffolk, Lord Fir
Chamberlain; the Earl of Devon; Lord Henry Howard; he M
Lord Cecil, Earl of Salisbury; Lord Weotten ; Sir John the!
Stanhope, Vice- Chamberlain; Lord Chief Justice Popham,
Lord Chief Justice Anderson, Mr. Justice Gaudie, Mr.
Justice Warburton, and others, Commissioners by special
Delegate assign'd. The Indictment being read, Sir Walter
was ask d, if he would except against any of his Jury
To which he reply'd, No, he knew none of amy ;

they Wers all » Christians and honest Gentlemen ; but
pray d, that he might answer ro Points particularly as
were delivered, by reason of the Weakness of bis )
A and Sickness. Then began Heath, the King's
Serseant at Law, and Sir Edward Cook, the Attorney-
General, to descant on the Indictment, or rather to exclaim
against the Prisoner: (A method which ever was,
zd ever will be made use of in Proceedings for the
rown, since, if we may believe so wise a Man as Sir
Walter, There: is no Cause: so doubeful, which the King's
Council cannot malte good against the Lam) As soon as.
the general Pleadings were over, Sir Walter: informed.
Mr. Attorney, That Hi, Words could not condemn him;
but if they could prove one of the Things, wherewith
they had charg d him, he would confess rhe whole Indi
t: That he did not hear that they had spoken
one Word against him; and if my Lord Cobham was a
Traitor, What was that co him? Mr. Attorney reply d,
That whatever my Lord Cobham had done, was by Raleigb's
Instigation: And then for Proof proceeded to read
his Examination; in which he confess d, Thar he had a
Passport to go to the Spanish King, intending to go to the
Arch. Duke to confer with him about these Practices, and
because he knew he had not Money to pay his own Army,
from thence he meant to go to Spain, to deal with the
King for-660000 Crowns, and to return by Fersey ; and
that nothing should be done, until he had spoken with
Sir Malter Raleigh for distribution of the Money to those
who were discontented in England: and that he had never
entred into these Courses, but by his Instigation, and
that he would never let him alone.

cw Sir Walter here made a strong and ample Defence to
Fo In the Matters suggested against him by Cobham s Examination;
which Defence, because pathetick, as well as per-

Mr. tinent to the'whole Cause, I have thought proper to transcial
Cribe at its full Length · After having call d tor a fighr of
the Examination, This (aid He) is all the Evidence can
ja- be brought against me: Poor Shifts ! You, Gentlemen
5 Jos the Jury, Ipray you- understand this. This is thac
dhe Y which" quit" either condemn, or gire me Life ; which
7 B 2 musk

mast sree me, or send my Wife: and Children to beg their
Bread about the Streets: This is that must prove me 4
notorious Traitor, ar a true Subject to the King, I nei
ver saw this Examination before. At my first Examina -
tion by my Lords at Windsor, what I knew of Cobhama
Practice with Aremberg, I answer d negatively: and a8 i
concerning Arabella, I pratest before God, I never heard

one word of it. If that be prov d, let me be guilty,of &
thousand Treasons. It is a strange Thing you will impute
that to me, when I never heard so much as the
Name of Arabella Stuart, but only the Name of Arabella
After being exuin d, I told my Lords, That I though
my Lord Cobham had Conference with Aremberg, I fuss;
pected his visiting him: For after he departed from me
at Durham- House, by his own Stairs, and passed over to
St. Mary Saviour's ; I knew Lawrency a Merchant, and a,
Follower of Aremberg, and therefore likely ta go unto,
him. My Lord Cecil ask d my Opinion conpentin
Lawrency: I said, That if you do not apprehend 5
cy, it is dangerous, he will fly ; if you do apprehend him,
you shall give my Lord Cobham notice thereof. I was
ask d likewise, who was the greatest Man with my Lord
Cobbam? I answered; I knew no Man so great wick
him, as young Mat of Kent. As soon as Cobham (aw my
Letter to have discover d his Dealing with Aremberg,
in his Fury be accus d me; but before he came ro the
Stair- foot he repented him, and said, he had done me
Wrong. When he came to the end of his Accusation, he
added, That if he had brought this Money to Fersay, I
would have. deliver d him to the King. Mr. 4*torney,
you said, this never came out of Cobbam's Quiver: He is
a simple Man. Is he so simple? No: He hath Dispositions
of his oven, he will not easily be guided by. others,
but when he has once taken head in a matter, he is nav
easily drawn from it; be is no Babe. It is strange for |
me to devise with Cobham, that he shonld go to Spain,
to perswade the King to disburse so much Money, he
Being a Man of ne Love in England, and I having resign
d my Room of cbhiefest Command, the: Wardenship
of the Stanneries. It is strange for me to make my self
Rebin Hand, or a Mete, or a Cade; I knowing England *
is; Is. 4 | to

in Petter Estars than ever ir was.. I knew Scotland
pO wry yr. Na before
was. suspected. | 1 knew, t aying a Lady whom
ime bad surpriz'd, we had now a. lawful Successor.
he: State of Spain was not unknown ro me; I had
Arten a Discourse, Which I had intended to present
ro the King, against Peace with Spain. I knew the
ard had fx Repulses ; three in Ireland, and three ar
Sea;: and once in 1388 at Calei, by my Lord Admiral.
knew be was discourag'd, and dishonou d. I knew
the King of Spain to be the proudest Prince living; bur
now he comerh creeping to the Ning, my Master, for Peace.
1 knew, whereas before be had in bis Ports fix or seven
dre Sail of Ships, he bach now but fix or seven, 1
new of twenty five Millions he had from his Indies,
he hath scarce one left. I knew him so poor, that the
Fesuits. in Spain were seign to beg at the Church Door.
Was it ever read or heard, that any Prince should disburse
so much Money, without a sufficient Pawn? 1
knew het. own Subjects, the Citizens of Landon, would
nar lend her Majesty Money without Lands in Mortgage:
I knew the Queen did not lend the States Money wirhs
out Flushing, Brill, and other Towns for a Pawn, And
can it be thought he would let Cobbam have so great a
Sum ! I never came to the Lord Cobham's, but about
Mztters of his Profit; as the Ordering his House, Paying
of his Servants Boardwages, Sc. I had of his, when
I was examin d, four thousand Pounds worth of Jewels
for a Purchase; a Pearl of three thousand Pounds, and
a Ring worth five hundred Pounds. If he had had a
Fancy to run away, he would not have left {@ much to
have purchas d a Lease in Fee-farm, I saw him buy
Jrbree hundred Pounds worth of Books, to send to his
Library at Canterbury, and à Cabinet of three hundred
Pounds 20 give to Mt. Attorney for drawing the Conveyance;
and God of Heaven knoweth, not I, whether he
intended to travel. But for that Practise with Arabella,
or Letters to Aremberg. or any Discourse with him,
or in what Language he spake unto him, if 1 knew
6 any of chose things, I would absolutely confess the Inland
— deat thousand

As 7 oo | 2537 n "1921 a7 $4

Cobbam — A
was at best but a Circumstance against him, and an Ac. Ir
cusation which the Accuser himself had forsworn; and: + * *
therefore was vehement that Coblum might appear, a
personally. accule him. Mr. Attorney, to the first Paint,,
reply d, E eee LE
was of as as if he had subscrib'd ie;
the Judges 24 no Wise hearken to Cobbamt
23 0 justify bis Examination, for To a Num-
Treasons might flourissi ; chat the Accuser mighr-be
ym by Practise, while he was in Person; that such
4 Gap must not be open d for the Destruction of the
King: That my Lord Cobbam might possibly have been
labour d with, and to save: Sir Malter, his old Friend,
might deny all tha he hall ee. ny

The Lord Cecil, who. subtly infiouared that red: in
great Dispute with himself to > speak in the Cale of Sir
Walter, for that a former Dearness between them bad
tied so firm.a Knot of his Conceit of his Virtues; was 1
after wards so busy in opposing Sir Walters Demands ta „
the Court, that he thought sit ro apologize for himself, .
ang was afraid his often Speech would make the World
think, he delighted to hear himself talk: but that Sir
Walter knew by the Law of the Realm, my Lord
bam could nat be brought: that if he had retracted part
of his Examination, many particulars were not retracted,
and the Validity of all must be left to the Jury. Sir
Walter {till insisted that the Proceedings against him must
be secundum allegats & probata; and he appeal'd to God
and the King, whether Cebham's Accusation could be sufficient
to condemn him: After this he pull'd out a Letrer
of Justificarion written to him from Cobham, - which
he desir d the Lord Cecil to read, because he knew his |
Hand. :. The Effect of which Letter was as follows, ©,
1 * Seeing my. self so near my End, for the Discharge of I (had
my own Conscience, - and freeing my self stom your ag u
24 « Blood, which else will cty: Vengeance against me I Wc.)
procest une my, Salvation, I never So EE

Spin by your-Procurement. God so comfort me in
@ thing that Lknow':I will say as Duniel, Purus sum 4
«. sanguine bujus: So God have Mercy on my Soul, as

Tbis, or whatever Raleigb could alledge, was of no
Weighr with the Jury t0 stave off his Condemnation ;
the Fudzes and the King's Counsel did what they could to
Haul him our of his Life, and since, as an Author says in
his Life, they wanted Proof, would endea vour to
rife him out. Sir Walter finding Opposition in vain, con-

Fiir

2 cluded with but a shorr Address to the Jury, telling them
f the chat Presumprions must proceed from precedent, or sub-
1 sequent Facts: that he had spent 40000 Crowns against
riend; the Spaniard : that he had nor purchas d 40 Pounds a

Lear, and if he had died in Guiana, he had not left 300

Marks a Year to his Wife and Son: that if they would
205 be contented on Presumprions delivered, to be slaughter d,

„to have their Wives and Children turned into the Streets
to beg their Bread, if they would be contented to be so
judged, to judge so of him.

a+ Cz ©

The Jury however brought him in Guilty, and Sendence
of Death was past upon him; but he was left to
his Majesty's Mercy, and remanded back to the Tower,
where he remain d a Prisoner above 12 Years, but was
permitted to enjoy that Freedom which is call'd Libera
Cust odia. Whether the King sent some secretly, (Sir Ant
hony Welden says,) to Winchester to observe all Passages,

upon whose true and faithful Relations of that Innocency

of the Persons arraign'd,. and flight Proof upon
& which they were condemned, he would not be drawn to
sigu any Warrant for the Execution of Raleigh, Cobham,
7 and Er t. | * ;

For Raleigh's Defence (says the same Author, a
Courtier of those Times ;) it was so brave and just, as
(had he not willfully cast himself, our of very weariness,
as unwilling to derain the Company longer;) no Jury

could ever have cast him: All the Evidence broughc

his Hand. That also berrefiigd's arrlaft Wade got à Trick

on, bur was confident he would not to his Face accuse

Yielded upon the producing:Cobham's Hand, whichwas

James for thiat inestimable Treasure, ' which probably had
mever been compil'd or transmitted down to us, had not

Action and publick Employments. For during his Con-

Probability, thar Sir Malter h.

kpainft him wat Cobhom's Accularion; which be obly ale
fired-might appear (viv4-woas) and he would yield wirhout
further Defence :; but that they knew full well-Cob.
bam would not, nor could not abcuse him, having: been
tamper'd with by Wade, then Lirutehant of the Tower,
and Sz'isbury's great Creature: Wade, desired it nnder

by bis Cunoing, to surprize Cobhams Weakness; tb get Ip
bim to write bis Name to a Blank, to which, to |
vestion, rote the Acousatiog, as will appear hertafrer}
Br Saliebwy, urging Raleigb often, if Cobbam had d-
cused him under his Hand, would he then yield i? N..
leigb replied, He knew Cobham weak of judgment, am
did not know how that weakness: might be urought uphim,

and chere fore would not put his Lise, Fortune, and
all on That; at which-Ferice he stood till Nine at Night:
at last his Fate carried him against his Reason, and Ke

instantly pulled out, and was iu truth his Hantly: but not
ais Act er Dl. nn wag og

Posterity, in ohe Respect, ate bound ts thank King

sinement in the Tower to transctibe the Character anvther
Author Has given it,) he was deliver d of chat great
Miner da, the HISTORY of : the WORBD ;'# Bock,
which for the Exactness of irs Chronology, Curiousness .
of its Contexture and Learning of all Sorts, seems to be Yr
the Work of an ge. An History, vchich never yer met gn
with a Detfactor, and was the ; if some Authors er.
are to be credited, of King James himself, ho thought Ter
none could out-do him at the Pen. That a Man, who Y;/0
had been the greatest Part of his Life taken uplin Mction,
mould write so judiciowsly, so critically of Tituars and
Actions, is as great a Wonder as the Book its ef.
Tradition has been very current, I think, on very little
d debgnd and finisud a Her
Second ?

TE End Part nc his Great Hitory:. Tbe Story. @ thu$;
Ther soine ew Days before he {offer'd; he [ent for the

Booksellet rhat had (primed! his Firg:Voturtic, 4nd taki
vim e a Halt) dee alter Acta, an ian.

fbe Book Bd fold 2 To which the Bbokieller auee,
ly, - chat is had undbne biin. Sit
Kepping to this Desk, teach'd the unbereupon,

pirineed Part of his History, which he had brought down

bis own Times, and dappin — or his Hand on hit Breast,
119, wür 1 Sigh; 1b I my Friend: bas the First Part undons
thte > the Sem Hurt shalt nome no more: This migrateful
World is unworthy of u. He said no more, but,
TE teiarel stepping to his TG, | threw | it my" and = his
Poor on i it [was consum 4 101

Fer my ib —— 1 1265 * FRO an ee of
1 ae v Wisdoin; to suppose he would so rasnily ha ve
7600 his Execmors of such 4 Treasure; upon a -single
Person's complaininꝶ of Lols from the ill Sale of the first
Volume. Ie cem a Fable cbpy d out of anecher contering
Virgil, who would have burn his reis, to
which he had not put the last hand, lest it should ivive
to the Injury of his Reputation. Frhink beides, there is
o better way of interpreting for an Author than from
bis owri Words; Sit Walter Rateigh, in the Conclusion
of his Premom tion 10 Princes, speaking of his History, and
the Method-he-had pu rsued in it, I: was for the Service,
says he; of -thu# Sie Pink able Prince Henry, the-succefiue
Hope, and em of the greatest ef the Christian World, that I
der vol this Works And it pleas 4 bim to peruse by
thereof, and 0 pardon what was amist. Ie is now le
the World without 4 from which all tbat is —
ted tb ie, recei vit h both Blows and Than is: For we approve
and reprebend the same things, &c. I 40 therefore
Terbeaf to file n Readers gentle, courteous, and friendly,
% to'beg their god Opinions Or promise a Second and
Third Vu me ye I inten) the First receive a good
Acceptance. For that which is already done, may be thought
enough, and too much : and let us claw the Reader with never
so, many courteou: Phrases, yer we Jhall ever be thought
mls that write foolishly, * this be not a Proof *

8 * Pied + Aa 4 7 OF hy
+ FLY * h LS

dre though 10 deterinine-dhdr be was fesoly'd te publisk

no Seton Volume, it will yet receive 2 Conficmacion (HE, f
fro unhe last Pr chat sunts up ur History. .. Loh, Pra ba

Woerdas ithis, Bank, by: t Title. it hab, ealls itself ebe
First Part of the General History F b World. implying. e
Second: and Third Volunie, wbich I also intended: and have
Een out, brfides meg ochtr Discouragements persmading my
Silence, it bath: pleas d God to take that glorious Prince put

and never. enough |
Job, Versa est in Euctum Cithara mea, &
meum in Vocem Fleũum. Jy #42 un 3% 1
$14 591-5 :5 210998 ir. Mine: 1 err ihgracs
But to return from this Digrefliop 10 Matters of more
Certainty: While Sir Walter remained a Prisoner in the
Tower (under the Jealousie, rather, than Justice, of King
games, says Sir Francis. Diborne, who did so far participaꝶ
of the Humour of à pusillanimous Prince, as to pardon

of the World, to whom they were diretled, whest unspeakable
me to. say with WY"

any sooner than those injur'd by himself;) a fatal Incident, Pele

promoted by himsels, and turned against him by bis Ene- ®

mits,-seem'd to confirm- an Opinion of that Treason,

which arose but to à bare Suspicion befote, even with Wt

chose who owed him the least Kindness, ©

Queen Anme, at that time, was seized with a despetate,
and, as: ir was fear'd; incurable Disease, v

Cause, and at a greater Ne#p/u# for the Cure. Sir Mal-

the Physicians were at the end of their Study to find the !

rer, being by his long Studies an admitable Chymist, undertook,

says Welden, and perform d the Cure. An Action

that might at once have wip d off all Aspersions, ser

cured him a Pardon, and | reconcil'd him to the Royal
Favour! Bur Sir alter, obstinate to bave his wounded 7
Honour cur'd, would receive no other Reward for this
Service, than that her Majesty should procure certain |

Lords to be sent, who should examine Cobham, Whether

under his Hand, | |
The King, at the Queen's Request, lad. in, Justice be

could do no less) sends six Lords, of whom Salisbury was |

he had accus d Sir Walter Raleigh of Tteason at any time

one, ric

>: TRI 8H

Re.” to demand of cabbam, Whether he had not under
is band àceused Sir Water Raleigh at. Nnchester, upon
tat Treason for which he was there arraign'd ? Cobham
id protest, be never had, nor: could he: But, said He,

hel Villain Wade did often sollicit me, and, not prevailing,
me, by Tricky- to write my Name upon à piece of white
per ; which I thinking nothing, did; so that if any Charge
ume under my" band, it was forged by that Villain Wade,
by writing ing above my hand, without my Consent og
nowledge; The Six Lords, returning to the King, made
Falisbury their Spokesman, who told bim, my Lord Cebhad
made good all that ever he wrote or laid. This
ndeed was an equivocating Trick, for, it was true, he
ade good whatever he wrote, but he never wrote any
ting to accuse Raleigh. 5 | |

Statestrien, once oppos'd in the Course of their politik
eldom or never forgive m_ oppoling 3. and though

he Injury may sleep under Smiles and Court: Beha-
«64 ws: abr e Fire will rake irs Time to break
wt to their Destruction: | Sir Halter, as Osborne tells us,
ad formerly disoblig d Salisbury (then Sir Nobert Cecil)
yy Obstructing, to the farthest Extent of his Power, a
— wa „ H err with
he SpanisÞ Ambassador, was propounded at the very
Lc le of Queen El:zabeth's Reign. "_

1n- Upon the King's Accession, Malice was. industrious ra
Fuin Raleigh in his Opinion, and by supplanting, ro wor
him up to Discontent. The Conspiracy, which was laid
yal Jon him, put on such a Face, says Milson, that few or none
anded ould discover, or know what to make of ir. That the
Saddy Waters were ftirr'd, was apparent, but it was
Nich such a Mixture, that little could be visible in it.

If we may believe Welden, Sir Walter, and most of
ns Parry, «were discontented ro see that Salisbury, their
Id Friend, should trample on, negle& and contemn
hem, who before had been his chief Supporters, and
Feer of his Faction: But it was then believ'd an erranc
Pick of State to overthrow some, and disable others
a | C 2 ; know.

knowing their Rr0ng: Auinties might? otharwise 158
overthrow Saliibu 3 Tyr. they: were 1 (4x
secret Cougsels for the Ruinas Ae, e
Gre), and Cobbam. Tha che latter wes: Tool, yer had,
he been very useful to them, as the Tool in the
the Workman. To have singled ont These ag
Priests, who were T:raitors:.by gba. Law, had smelt
rank; and appear d too and plain a Trick of Statä 3
And Salisbury, in Thi $i Kade double 9 first, in
ridding himself of such as he feat d would have been
Thorn in his: Side ; [secondiy, by indearing bimielf 0
he King, by snewing his Diligence and Vigilance far
his Safery : So that it mightit be said of him us uf Cæsar in i
another Case, ive n,J!) A. fuci am, I will either find out Im
a Treason, or make one. Besides, the $p4niaxe was; sh hi
powerful at that time at Court, as That Faction could
command the Llfe df any Man who migbe prove danke:
us tu theit Desigus: And it was thonght one ei the
atest Malter · pieces of Gondamore to pureha se leigh'y |
ead, who had done their State sich singular Mischieft NN
and with whom (as Cate of old us d to say, Deltnda of |
22 5 /. it was: u cbnstant Maxim, T: an td
But aber all, sayt O ore... iotempai
a Dexterity in his Judgmedt was Sir Walter, that
the-Treasuter-$2lizbwy;;(wbo had already, by an universal
Compliance with. the King and his Countrymeti.
purchas d the Monopoly of bis Favout) grew jealous of
Kit excellent Paris a * . din nl

Bur Rill; as strong as Cen $ Odium was 00 gie Wal:
ter, and a8 active and sabtls an Instruthent as Condambre |
was in his Master's Serviee; che Execution of RH
was not ro be extorted from the King, who in many
things, as Melden lad — by bis cimerons
Dilpobcion,

Releagh, bold Mina Abenrd under. Ae Word
than the Tediousness of his Consine ment, neglected ho
Intercessioss for his Inlargement. Prince Heu, while cer
living; had been extream curious in searchiog out the
Nature of his Offences : the Queen bad informet beef *

from

Singing; and the Kin m
ee his Sig in Ter was 1 2 55 1

and they al mos d his Majesty on His Been

centzelt on a ne: =

Nn Guia

at Place was

Sa :& he N 7

. 1 In RA 3 ws had 12
| 6 where IRnow am : or

55 by peed x. oy thro
me bath,

tle Joe ver s
— 5 believ d bs 7 bo have 1
of — e T Life, and all thae
nig, of which, sesty, nor Lyfe, nor ou 2
GOT Ie. bad remind. In this RespeR, Sir, T aw bo
e ap the. sam e Life, and all I have for bss Majesy's
proces To he far the King, and nat by y the King, is
the Abi tim 1 the Mord.

The e was lo just as to represent Sir Walter's
Fropokitions to the King; and the King, who; as Coke

—— 4 bad ap 7 stop d bis Ears to Sir Walter's
4 b Fishery upon the Coasts
| 1 — 1 — grigh ws mo 5 choss
I,48 Project; gon Raleigh as a whole
might better the Nation, i ved the right

bim Libeny. ang 4 Commiten h ”

p „ . ts >< ares

IF Hi

and. what O + Ship. catried.

With his Fleet, departed out of the River Toames, =

e up FR
nd Wanne Met bats cas jy

eden
of o venture rbeir ERtates, and Ne
wy Being gallamly furnish'g' A Ne

n Top ay I
t Y * a Ni

che ors. 28K
yank int e e 1677, hdr s6t ont fot
Fake do nap}: 1

— Fangen Fabel ie Shale, it ems]
agre>d' with the Treary made berween the Kin
i the 20 xr of Reign, and the most renowned
2 eines , in the first "Arailke, it was
ed, that they ald use ohe another with all kind
and e * and by this Treaty the Bngl;sh were

restrain d tt their Ewropeav Trade, the King of Spaih
Being 'as feuldut of his 7 Tndier, as other —— of

e 1 mts |.

The Fame of Sit Walter and * pee bee ths As
Mountains df Gold to be pour'd into the Exchequer
by this Expedition, blaz'd it e where Abroad. |
Fames, unwilling co difdblige his' of Hain, commanded
Sir Walter Raleigh o upon his Allegiance, before
he went cut, to ser down under his Hand the Country,
and the River, which he was to enter, che compleat
Number of his Men, the Burthen of his Ships, ter,
This being N
made known the Count ondamore, the Spanish" Ambassador
here, r [ by him in Post-ro rhe King of Spain,
a Dispatch was made by that King to the Indies, and
his Letters sent from Madrid, before Sir Walter Raleigh,

To this Practise Sir Walter wal no Stranger, 4500 yet
Ir detert d him not from the propos d Expedition: After a
Stress of Weather, and Distress of Sickness he arrives

at Guiana, from whence, still sanguine in whar he had
promis d from the Voyage, he writes to his Wife, and
tells her, he hop'd to perform what they had undertaken,
it rhe" diligent Cage” 47 2 —

Strength

Tr was e be 15 5 In Us c
el by some that low d him little, that he meant nothing
ay | to go to Gwana'z bur that being once at Liberty
$06.7 in his own, 85 þ having mage. his N 2 0 one,
utter 7
e his u * e bimself beis
that a Fade thither was intended, for be 120
i Winwoed and several of the Lords, that
f Sir Malter

indeed to sail to Guiana, and
no Intent to ale u part of his Master's West. 14355

vr his Fleets, he should not need to strengthen bim-
IfF as he did ; for he should work his Mine there *

out Dist I in Peace.

N80 the Punic al length of this 1 unbappy
Yojage, I must refer OE” to that excellent
which be bas 2 drawn up by his own Pen;
Pane here recount the main Actions, which were
m- afrerwards made Ag r ro destroy bim. Sir Malups,
Wer, now in an. 2 d old Age, having firuggled
rich a. long Sickness, and being yet unable to move
other wise in a Chair, order'd Five small Ships t.
ail up the River Orienogue, under the Conduct o
aptain Ran towards dhe Mine of which he bad in-
Perm d Sir Malter in England. As they pass d up the
Liver, the Spaniards began the. War, and firet! at the
Engliss Ships with great and small Shot: Yer still they
ed their Fortes, without much Loss, near the Town
al d St. Thomas, of which with little Difficulty they made
hemselves wag and burnt ir, but with, the Death of
prain Raleigh, Sir Walter's Son, to the great Grief of
Assailants. The Father's Concern was, so vehement
Hem thar he could williogly have died 180

oken,

MCLE

— att 55
ES the very Sony,”
t he ball utterly raid f

Air with che Ki "or Dat 2 err

eight af che Ki 1 5 Ki
2 at 5 25 ws 7h

with Melancholy, and shothimseKf 3'bur- the Buller 800 = r
. 2 A8 in bella t ow 1565 r bis rs 15 he bs th;

r a Küift in 0

lf th Bs Glory of ge expired: F

the e Design being ths Ade) ae deg theie Ship
and the Men m 5

Bab, 'Provifiods failin 25
den Showers they ec, several of thetm R
Et; Per! bln 1 5 Ln 8

9 fnctiny, lone woul
Parr fore d Sir Malter to nf
Pur, their Allowance. Then shun "os by for 5 75 Hel 2
some for France, and 4. ff ber Bog 5
Spanish iso Power there ea ian they did in he ele man,
and rhys being in” Jag area. wir tester

Storms than Seas and bad pre ncd, Sit

Walter at than the See with Four Ships zt Ng sale in
Teland, where he Maid fot some mort Space in Lafery.

The News of raking and! butnivg Fe Boner ei OY.
Ke to Gondamore, he 'befieges, and as' it wete affablt

Fames with alas for Reparation, For H. |
war Mer {(ays Wilson not only of or nay
ofio

bis; Gf

bod Ari has, 1
ei og bei aac?
n ; and 15 — warty
101 orgs * the Boldpess to A.

Ka Wa
This gave | emis (fc Sites 15 bie
mt on = Io only to get Sir Walter ya home, aftet Da
su vented little Passion, but sa cy 4 f. bebe.
bs Malice, 1 when Raleigh mug
ach, great Diff Ge 1 |
flying. th Wings Rumour, bu
and in E So the Men, not le to be .
0 A: their own Lahe some of few had aa
abuse BS, (th a. as uh... dn:
Raleigh was no Lon gee bi ke had OY Intk⸗
marion which gave him cause to suspect, the smoothness
f this Beginning would have a rough End ; n
e arempred an Escape from thence in a Bark to Roch?!
ip 8 Dar being. ay ks ed 2 Sir Lewis Stukely, his Kinflies
man, . and Er N to thar
ene and se ryile is the Spirit, when it
gy an x alay of bels. he WW to London, and
committed to che Tawer, |
was ng. sooner. in the Tower, but all Bis Trans⸗
actions in this Business ss are put to the Rack, and tenter d
bis Adversaries They say. .nOW. he knew of no
ine, nor did Xl know that the Mine he aim'd at
was Gold: bas Ke bringir him a Piece of Ore into
ne ke Tower, ba he. 855 da 7 of Gold i into it in dissol-
Ving,

an Amba w

ntry n.,
were | 15 his Th n-

1 N ro disturb his

Yi ons, "and after to appeale "Mme. facetio!
2 rollery, before he imbacked Finde n in what be Renk
19 1 11 e N ko :

re Mags |

e chem up io sum, 1 5
> Prince of Wales and the 3

„e 1 * dev Ae! — by the Duke of Lerha
Abroad, 21 25 here at Home”;

0 wrought Pa by by Stclay into the Kings good
sections, that he did not only work bis bwn Will, but

so Kitig's into a Belief thar the Treaties in Agitation for
What WN r slowly prostcured, real and ef-
Ctual.”” The Spanierd made shew, that, on their Part,
Heaven'was more desired than this AJhe
und the King of ns that bis
feasure shouts de gather d together for the Iusanea s
Fe , being no less than a Ailibnt. It this March
dei were 2" goon, and Amiry with che d to be
Oppotri rously to dema ad of Rab
for a — by view on His Masters Indies:
ad of mot Weigbe to our Cont, ys 0:berne, (el -
een dar Dearch of Wiidoar then raging)! = 22

laufs Galt be. Bat gake foolish 10th hes wan
ro. [ocrifice the choitest their Childten.rs the” 05 the
mien Enemy of Humanity ; so dur Kin ve up rhis
orfiparable 51.0 ro "Will of this; in Amd
| 903 0 under thg Pretence gf A sup —
foo Men, who the Opinion JT hotiest — |
own-Men, who maintained, rhat big sty's Par
Joclubvely in the Comm; whe” < Lin hi
fn 6yr'ro 11 It Fon he 1

Mal I 4 , .
? 9 4 2 My is own

b, tho confitied' wich OY Scherl e
Was Rash, 'bo

9.85 ely kits Life was pu =
ow, little Ex dons be' Want ar #5 of N
onfider'd, however, that NS
icht d. Uh ro bie Chary Te et
on de f Naeh ae a TIED

oya miscarrigd
2 Morefohe, 1985 Wert Lettet of Apologt
which he got convey Nhe King's own" Hands.

me M94 Heat vo 5 vost "Excellbne MA (YESTY, \

JE, in my | Jonenwy: .ourtiedi boned, 1 had my
1 Warder dine Islands, and yer spard — Ref
800; uf / did discharge: some Spanisp Barks taken,
hs ©Spoil-;'if 1 forbore alliparts . the n. In$. x
ts dies; ' wherein -I: might have taken, twenry of , Then
Towns on the Sea:Coalts, and.did-only-follow the: Boi
cerprizen Irundertook for Guiana, where, without an:
< Directibat from ne aSpisbVilage was burnt, whici
wa set up Wie af the Mines by 'your. Ma
4 jelty:s Fauour, I find no) Reason -why the SA Am F *
n bassador subuldꝭ complain of me. If ir were awful fa
they Span:arde20vumthler 26. EAN e, tying shes doe
0 Teck un Banter and then cutting «heir: Throat wh
t they bad ttadedi withithem a whale: Month, and cam
to chech om the Rand withour so much at dne Sn
of \ iy meyu non die lu ful co ht Mast * al

being charg'd hem, io_repell Fore
Fn Oe 039

f Pate hd Merbein rook Camipedeby and other PI
it ae FA Aeated in the Heart of the Span
$, at kiltd the Spanigrds, and ha
52 at their Return; Al my self for-
mr 4701, because 1 would not offend,
I miserable Sir Walter Raleigh ! |

"4 «if 155 5 1 boot Etats, loft my Son, suffer

by Sickness, and otherwise, . a world of Miseries ; if
5 relisted; with manifest * of my Life, the
Robberie 48 Spoils, wir which my C0 21

Would bave made * rich ; if, ow

could have made my self rich ; when J had ger —4—
1 Libercy, which all Men, 421 Nature it self do
much prize, I voluntarily lost it; if, ben I was sure
of my Life, 1 nder dit again; if Im raght elsewhere have
sold my Ship and Goods, and pur five or fix thousand
unds in my Purse, and yet b t. her into England;
1 beseech your Masesty to believe that all This have
done, because it should nor be said to your Majesty,
that your. Majesty had given Liberty and Trust to a
Man, whose End 55 bel Recovery of his n
4 2 «io had betrayd your Majesty's Trust.

u Mutineers told me, TharifT return d for England,
mcd be undope; but I believd in your Mike's
Y* Goodness more than in all their Arguments. Sure I
am the first 'thar, being free — _ to inrich wy self,

BEOS

wg ID liaye embraced. Poverty And as sure
Which am, tat my EAum e 1 Bur
115 your Majesty' $. Wisdom and Goodness I have made my
0 þ N * have ever been, and shall ever be,
1G = WR » TONS.
| , 454 4 * DOA

nigh} $41 35g 1 Water Raleigh.

1 I rune

F m / FE * f
17 asd,

Ro ng 12 en Ben

ce fe

e tha "I ET gr

oa Shy Fi Ly
« dg 11 5 1 * |

— 19 0 i DES "way 0

to fol the _Procedi **
bus rh FE er 2

bent bo W SP wht: 1
2 ay 1 8 ploy 5 rein Lex ln V |

ve him a new Vigour

Service. The * Chief. ustice redeceiv

d; and that the Opinion of!
the Court was to the Comrary. *

Fine iriiphit be Mö dved bim £6 15
Fit bens“ . fat tie

was h Morning ; og a yas. =

e eee
| 1 e roo die: 151

me 5 nh Lats
e Ghar: ons 8
15 Mes and ' khowing 17 771 10 b in
A wt de A -atquiel&d,
as ho 2 505 . 'd wv the” Cake. bol, in
ns 0 the Ola 235 u the Morn:
uch 4 render Conckru for the Afffickie
on his Hearr to the lat, 5 bh
a 10 silent Night, e had qui
ird biff from the Affairs of the ola * rok
ee er or in the following Epi 2

E we Kitt s. Let to 1 n u ;
Lenden a

Ye 01 U gan receive (wy Dear wit) ay 148 Wake;
inschese my last Lines; my Love I send you,
F char you may kes when I im Dead, And my Counsel,
ve that you may, remember ir when I am no more. I
r not with my Will present yu Sortows (Dear
4 — 9 them 7 o to * Grave with me, and be buried
f nd seeing that it is not the dy —
il Gat 1 Mall see 5 any more, bear f AY
LG and with a Hear like your If.

Tate

God Bod ha orld, and you from
me e poor Child for his Father z Sake,
bb ove you in his happfest Estate, I sued for my
Life, — (God knows) «it was for you, and: yqurs, that
I defjr'd 1 know ie (wy | Dear Wife) your Child
is che die trüe auh who in his Gun respect
d Ah and his qmithapen and ugly Forms. [
tatmot Wer much; God knows bow hardly I steal
tie 6 when all lle und; it is also time sor me to
separate my Thotights from che World. Beg my dead
Body; which Hing wa denied you; ant either lay it
in Sberbogwn or in Exeter Church by my | =" Eder?
Mother, I. — 4 ns more, Time, and Death, calleth
verlasting God, powerful, infirtie,

far? b2 iy God 6d ee e Goodnels it self,
che true Eight and Life, keep you and yours and have
upon me, and forgive my Persecutocs and false

A nd send us ro meer in 2 Glorious Ringoy
hy Deg Wit, Farewel ; Bless my 3 Fray
e e an) + 0: n, ol i

my true Cod hold you err his
1967 3&1; * eV Tours ther was, bur.

„ 4 02 wth 1 ** | | .
- 45 ede 21 ms N

God id

5 J 281 in 7; 1 Now not * — *
ö c E 5
0 ag I modo. 20821 "I.
+ Ft 0 £0 10.3 + „ | non Wakes Raleigh

! oof It A YL 59 g
ve lee

ThE den _ by 5 Ninn the Morning, —
oncern of many 2 Persons, being in the 66th
ear of bis Age, he was brought to rhe Scaffold purolely
erecked ö in the Palare Tard in Westminster 5 where,
ith 4 chearful swiling Countenance saluting the Lords,
id Gentlemen, and others of his Acquaintance there

ir, after Proclamation of Silence made, he addressed
onset 1 to them in the following n manner.

* 1 Thank

{#94 147! Tv * wes

have-toffered A great

ente Vat V. fl. _ ) 65 *. A rat 20 N Mned . mn; |
28 . ws, ths bl
Majelty hach be de l 120 Mo
© Majesty cannot be fu fed wit vow 1
resdlve you of. 1 ra 1 970) n = — (are! wp |

ds 7 (1 1950007 1205

have ball E wich Franc 8 88

some Reason to induce R alon. tha

his Majesty had to codjecuty so, w * when
© came back from Guiana, being come to Plymoutt

I endeavoured to go to Roche; which' was becaule |
© would have fain made my Peace before I came to Eng
u. Anbilitr Reason was, that, upon my Flight, |

did intend to fly to France for saving of my Life, having
© had some Terrour from above. A third Reason, w
<- the French Agent Common om te and i yrred
5 thar! bad Commission King 8 02
But this. 1 lay, foraMan.rocall Liege
to a Fa at any deze ih,
$ 1 we hope for ar. the Th 2 1 15
N — 0 piirnels
time o „is. far more grievous and
© there is no Hope for such an one. And 1 85
J expect, that am now going to render an Account ol
© my Hith ? I do therefage call the Lord to witness,
© I hope to be saved, and as I hope to see him w_
King

Free hop > W 1851 within this Quarter of
7 Commillion: from the
French Agent, no
King neither knew I 8
page de was, Jeabl 'Fmet

ging unlook'd' for. If ES
1 me ray en iar thy Kibg-

Majesty bark

N as thir ? nl soak Jishonourable, and
55 of · bim; r Y- wy an ry ahSrmaer en
4 Chymi Fellow, one whom I knew

ro be perfidions ; ; for being drawn into this Actiqm at
Gp in which my Hand was touch'd, and he
bei : eee revealed ir the vert
as tiny * 1 "oft

But this 1 speak 1 now, 3 have I to a withKing >

I have nothing xo do with them, neither do I fear

them t T have no 4 with God, therefore to tell

a5 £4 Hog Tent to get the Favour of the King, were in vain:
never jo

us T hope to be saved at the last Day, I
8 70 e . IN difloyally, or oro an}

1 ro this Frenchman, nor to an
ae; 5 Lever, in all my Life, a'Thoug
Sos bis ; Majesty. Therefore 4 cannor bur think

„ r firange, chat this Frenchmen; being so base, so mean
F Fellow, should be so far n and so much for

W this Point. I have dealt truly, and hope I shall be beeperieclieved

: 1 confels, I did attempt to escape; and I did

difserbse and — 75 my self sick ar $alizbury, but I hope

c> { Wit was no Sin. The Prophet David did make himself
Fool, arid did suffer Spirtle to fall upon his Beard, to

p AWW elcape che Hands f bis Enemies, and it was not imputed

to him as Sin; and I did it to prolong time till

wwe | ly Mar Maje n boping for some Commiseration

borgire this Na and Sir Lewis | Ceo and
have receiyed the $qeramens this nas Mr. _—_

e as .chis.
ry. v0;
ak [x bm: 5 4855,

may take gdod. Hegd. |
95 Kiasman and — 1 „ 10
© him; that 1 should dell kf 4 IC
Doicefizr oof my present. Elca prorelt, re

© God, I never told. Steukly any pe by thing. .
I rel] my Lord Carew, or my Lord Doncaster,

pꝑtetended Escape . It. was not. likely char Ie

quaiot two Privy Coun lors; of my | 5; neir

would I tell him, 3 me 6, 77 De 5 y
a to n BY while: none ©: 1
82 8 it n Ev Toh : *woibi
= 21302 #28 img"!

- 8 accused me: _ 1 Gd al 80

my Lord Carew, and my Lord Doncaster. "rom

meet me in bare. which was never Ee ot
EN pg Weg;? 2 Won 185 7 147 22•˙2 *

Thirdly, be zccysed.n me, er Thow'd him. 1e |
that meuld give him la Pounds for my Escape I
4 2— cast my ute into everlasting} Fire, if I ever mad
him affer of 100 Pounds, or 1000, Pounds, bu
meeriy I shew'd him à Lene, that if he: «would g
with me, bis Debts suquld be paid when he was gone
© neither had I eo Pounds; for if I had: so much,
I could. have done better with it, 1 e my Pea
ctherways. is ; 059 5 ui. , WO

Fourthly, "When I came to Sir Eduard Pelham, wi

© had been somerimes a Follower of. mine; who. gave m

© good Entertainmeht; be gave out, that I had receive

© (ome Dram of Poisgh.,it. Sir Edward Pelbam s ona |

when I answered, I I feared no such thing, or I wal
well assured of them · in the House. Now ebe
ly him, for I dp, and I desire God to FA: un} Gang ; T wi
not only say God is the God of Revenge; bur! 10 |

God to forgive him, 5 I N to be np

« Well, bus far "WR I gone ; now a | lirtle more, ar and
£.1 will have done by and by. F

2k 5 5 I wits Jeate

me: 50505 the common Soldiers,

were. 1 10. pod, and serif for 1 to come

2 0 them, 8. K. that time they

0 TT [en and there was I forc'd to take

bar Ons rho) Exgland till they,
ve . ee

woöuld N calt me into the
Sea, 45 the entred m
5 15 9 ger e
taken this with Wine, and other nds, 1 I drew,
the chiefeft of chem to desist, and at length I perswaded
o into. Ireland ; then would they have gone
into dne cb Neeb Pale of Ireland : But at last, with much
ado, I perlwaded thein to go into the South Parts; pro-
| 92 their Pardons, but was forced to give
j Poupds at Kingsale to bring them H ret

1 [ hag. never Bot! rom them.

1 Tbere w ere was a Report chat I meant not to goto Cui
ana at all, and that I knew not of any FJ nor inrended
any such Matter, but only to ger my Liberty,
bich I had not the Wit to keep. But it was my full
to go for Gold, for the Benefit of his Majesty,
ad Engl Es DS "with me, with the rest of my
ut he that knew the Head of the Mine
Country — icover i it, when he saw that my Son was
slain, but made himself away. My Lord Arundel,
in the Gallery in my Ship at my Departure, your
Honour took mie by the Hand, and said, you would request,
me one thing, which was, thar, Whether I.made
a good Voyage or Bad, yet I should return again into
Engtand ; when I made you a Promise, and gave you
my Faith that I would. Another Opinion was, that
I carried to Sea with me 16000 Pieces, and that was all
the Voyage I intended, only to get Money into my
bands, and that I bad weighed my Voyage before:
Whereas I protest I had bur 100 Pounds i in here

whereof f gave 25 Pounds to my Wife. The Reasai

e ane

it as : 11 are
8 of T Ted 1 8 1 000
el Teas er li. e ware 13 — Io
2 trary 40 Pep bee of Big Death: * Þ was a all
the w A I

b 5 0 rd r'en en
But! mz ts 1 as not
for T da dehire. Carport
e 1 Tete b N ava
bead ae hy I; for t wis the worse for — 0h

© proved, for Wer he TP your, I way lire

loved. *

T.copld

And now. 11 intreat yon 0 to with me in
l * Prayer, that che Great God of 11 jw whom ho
grivigusly offended, being. 4 Man fu full of all

And have lived à sinful Life; in all sinful ings 1

ving been a Soldier, a Captain, a 8 A
Courtier, which are all Places of Wickedness 15 Vier
God (I say) would fog orgive me, and Cast a

my Sins from . * Fa be would receive me in
——--- *, «1 A TY 28 17

thi we . 4

> ode . 6
b: Saying — im, My L
zur off ae an et, and call d to he Heads-
G nan ro shew hitn which being not presghtly
in new him, 1 picky ot see it, he, Dest bon
chi eK char * 5 i it — ght to him,
e selt along u 1 0 7 ang turning to the
heriff, laid 8 r Medicingy but
is 4 — or M Roaseh

He then disposed hi self for the Block, "of afrer 2
fice _ "rant 2 a « Sign iven, at two Blows his Head

Body, and such a large Effu-
d — from his Veins, that it was
njectur'd he might by the e of Naitre have
as alli ived many Tears. of

This inp eve faralÞ
perm, Fo

1 tate Grear Sir Walter Reavone-
with Queen Elizabeth,
Scgurge and Terror of the
pani ardi. .of e Brewery, and adirable
_ „ 9 25 Writings —
obly Hors vine Providence an
engeancs hi the Falls of Gree * * after all could
ot escape 48

His Death 28 with ss high — religious
Resolution, as ff & Mn had ated a Christian, or
ther a Christian a N So chat amongst the Number

e; ho contributed to the kruction of the Earl of Essex,
wayne bur he dyed pitied. |
e into
gyer; King James, finding that his Subjects prosecuted his

eath with such Resentment, and his Memory oo
