title: Sangrado's Expedition to Sylvania
author: Philip Freneau
date: c. 1780-1791
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/38529 (The Poems of Philip Freneau, ed. F. L. Pattee, Princeton, 1902-07, vol. 2, poems of 1780-1791)
form: iambic mixed
lines: 86
attribution: certain
notes: 

Tir'd of his journey o'er a sandy waste,
Sangrado to Sylvania came at last:
A bear-skin coat was round his carcase roll'd,
Shivering with northern winds, that blew so cold:
Dark was the night--much for his shins he fear'd,
For not one lamp in all the town appear'd,
Twelve was the hour--the citizens, in bed,
Slept sound--of bears and wolves no more in dread;

No city-guards, no watchmen hove in sight,
No chyming bell sung out the time of night;
But foggy blasts their wintry music blew
Through shabby trees that round the court-house grew;
At length, alighting at one scurvy dome,
He knock'd--and hop'd the people were at home.--

Ho!--(cry'd the man within) ho! who are you?--
What! heigh!--from Cambria?--have you nothing new?--

Sangrado

Nothing at all--the times are shameful bad;
Money at ten per cent--hard to be had:
With apples and potatoes, our dear cousins
The northern men, are pouring in by dozens:
The French, 'tis said, will soon discharge their king--
This, friend, is all I know--and all I bring--

Citizen

What! not some oysters, gather'd near the coast,
Such as in days of old we lov'd to roast?

Sangrado

No, not an oyster--faith, you're in a dream,
To think I'd load my little nag with them:
We both are weary; let me in, I pray,
Even though you turn us out at break of day.

Citizen

'Tis midnight now--return from whence you come--
High time all honest people were at home.

Sangrado

Brother, me thinks my toes are somewhat cold--
Unbar your door--if one may be so bold:
Wet to the skin, and travelling all the day,
I want some rest--open the door, I say!

Citizen

Open the door, forsooth! the man is mad:
Lodging is not so easy to be had;
It is an article we do not trade in,
Nor shall my bed by all the world be laid in.
Our very hay-loft is as full as can be--
Push off, my friend, and try your luck at Granby.

Health to the Muse!--and fill the glass,
Heaven grant her soon some better place,
Than earthen floor and fabric mean,
Where disappointment shades the scene:

There as I came, by rumour led,
I sighed and almost wished her dead;
Her visage stained with many a tear,
No Hallam and no Henry here!

But what could all their art attain?--
When pointed laws the stage restrain
The prudent Muse obedience pays
To sleepy squires, that damn all plays.

Like thieves they hang beyond the town,
They shove her off--to please the gown;--
Though Rome and Athens owned it true,
The stage might mend our morals too.

See, Mopsus all the evening sits
O'er bottled beer, that drowns his wits;
Were Plays allowed, he might at least
Blush--and no longer act the beast.

See, Marcia, now from guardian free,
Retailing scandal with her tea;--
Might she not come, nor danger fear
From Hamlet's sigh, or Juliet's tear.

The world but acts the player's part--
(So says the motto of their art)--
That world in vice great lengths is gone
That fears to see its picture drawn.

Mere vulgar actors cannot please;
The streets supply enough of these;
And what can wit or beauty gain
When sleepy dullness joins their train?

A State betrays a homely taste,
By which the stage is thus disgraced,
Where, drest in all the flowers of speech,
Dame virtue might her precepts teach.

Let but a dancing bear arrive,
A pig, that counts you four, or five--
And Cato, with his moral strain
May strive to mend the world in vain.
