title: On Hearing (part 2 of 2)
author: Philip Freneau
date: c. 1791-1815
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/39909 (The Poems of Philip Freneau, ed. F. L. Pattee, Princeton, 1902-07, vol. 3, poems of 1791-1815)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 101
attribution: certain
notes: 

Megara was in such a glow!--
When thus the ruffian hailed her, "Hoa!--
What, Madam, are your spirits low?--
Heave to!--you are my prisoner now!"--

Megara saw that all was gone!--
She saw, her teeth would now be drawn:
She saw her weapons were his prize,
She saw it, and with flowing eyes,
And with a feeble squeak or two,
She faintly bawled out, Who are you?

Altavola

"From whence I came, or what I am,
"Perhaps I may inform you, Ma'am:
"I come from lands of Pure Delight,
"Where female warriors do not Bite.

"You view me with an eye of scorn!--
"When I was old you were unborn:
"When I aspired on eagle's wings
"You were among unthought of things.

"And did you hope to escape my rage,
"You toy-shop on a strolling stage!
"You insect of a puny race,
"You baggage formed of gauze and lace!
"The proudest strength you can assume,
"Shakes not one feather from my plume.

"My lot is in the æther cast,
"I sail upon the northern blast;
"Am mostly seen when whirlwinds rise,
"And love the storm that rends the skies.

"When thunders roar and lightnings flash,
"Then is my time to cut a dash:
"The clouds of hell alarm me less
"Than you, some sad old fashioned dress.

"And, if to answer some great end,
"I to this wrangling world descend,
"With force unknown, and pinions strong,
"I travel quick and stay not long.

"My spear is like a weaver's beam,
"And pointed well at each extreme;
"It flies with a tremendous force,
"And rivals lightning in its course.

"Of all things that are seen or known,
"I hate a Calm--and say, Begone
"Stagnation from this rolling ball,
"Or slumbers in this Dreadful All!

"I rise upon the drift of snow--
"In polar frosts my spirits glow--
"In the torrid zone, I temperate keep,
"And wake!--when you, Megara, sleep.

"I come from ghosts, that dreary brood,
"Whose aspect would congeal your blood!
"A people on the infernal coast,
"Who know me well, and love me most.

"I courted there, and found her kind,
"A ghostess, suited to my mind;
"Her wedding gown was flounced with soot,
"And near her nose hung snuff and smut:

"She pointed to her father's gate,
"(A graveyard was his whole estate)
"The bars were weak, the boards were thin,
"She sung a psalm--and took me in.

"Of shadowy stuff my parents were,
"Composed of fogs, or framed of air:
"He sold his brimstone to the skies,
"While nitre kindled in Her eyes.

"They feasted on the vapours blue,
"Their glass of wine was evening dew;
"On Etna's top they made their bed,
"And there was I, their devil, bred.

"My prowess is almost adored,
"I blunt the edge of Orion's sword;
"I seize Aquarius by the throat,
"Nor care for Libra, or the Goat.

"My word is, when I meet my foes,
"Here's to the Lucky Wind that blows!
"And, instant, all is sighs and groans,
"And battered heads, and broken bones.

"I now reward you for your spite--
"I draw my weapon--see, how bright!
"My last exploit in war I crown,
"And thus--and thus--I throw you down!

"Ah, miscreant! why that scream of death?
"I only meant to--draw your teeth!--
"Oh no!--I scorn to take your life--
"Go, Madam,--be a prudent wife.
"But, lady, I would have you know
"You lose your arrows and your bow:

"They are indeed of slender make,
"And, in your hands might kill a rake:
"So, to prevent such fatal harms,
"I leave you destitute of arms--
"I now must go!"--he, laughing, said,
And vanished to the Stygian shade.

This contest with Megara done,
Thou dear, defeated Amazon!--
As happy, now, as man can be,
I hang my pen on yonder tree:

It only asks one day of rest,
It yields to every changing blast--
Yes--let it stay suspended there,
And strike My Colours--if you dare!
