title: The Suttler and the Soldier
author: Philip Freneau
date: c. 1791-1815
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/39909 (The Poems of Philip Freneau, ed. F. L. Pattee, Princeton, 1902-07, vol. 3, poems of 1791-1815)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 150
attribution: certain
notes: 

"Who would refuse this cheering draught?"
The suttler said, and saying, laugh'd
The soldier, then, the liquor quaff'd,

The suttler soon foresaw the rest,
And thus the son of Mars address'd,
"This brandy is the very best

"The journey you are bound to go,
In former times, I travell'd too,
When Arnold march'd, with lord knows who,

"And if he fail'd in that assault,
It was not, sure, the brandy's fault;
The best, at times, may make a halt,

"Now hear a dotard of your trade:--
Of old I lived by flint and blade,
But, disregarded, and decay'd,

"This leaky shed is not my own,
And here I stay, unheard, unknown,
Poor Darby, and without a Joan,

"But mend your draught--I have more to say:--
You now are young, and under pay;
Be warn'd by me, whose hairs are grey;

"When you may find this trade of arms,
The march, that now your bosom warms,
Has little but illusive charms,
Mere beat of drum:

"But yet, in such a cause as this
I deem your ardor not amiss--
I know you are no hireling swiss;
Your country calls:

"And when she calls, you must obey;
For wages not--fig for the pay--
Tis honor calls you out this day

"You have to go where George Provost
Has many a soldier made a ghost,
Where indians many a prisoner roast

"And what of that?--mere fate of war--
God grant you may have better fare--
Go, fight beneath a kinder star,

"They scarce are men--mere flesh and blood--
Mere ouran-outangs of the wood,
Forever on the scent of blood,

"When men, like you, approach them nigh,
They make a yell, retreat, and fly:
On equal ground, they never try

"Then dare their strength--at honor's call
Explore the road to Montreal,
To dine, perchance, in Drummond's hall,

"Of all uncertain things below
The chance of war is doubly so;
For this I saw, and this I know;--

"To live, for months on scanty fare,
To sleep, by night in open air,
To fight, and every danger share;

"But bear them all!--wherever led,
And live contented, though half fed:--
A couch of straw, and canvas shed
Shall be your fate!

"And mind the mark--remember me--
When full of fight, and full of glee,
Be of your brandy not too free:--
Ay, mind the mark!

"Who drinks too much, the day he fights,
Calls danger near, and death invites
To dim, or darken all his lights;--
His noon is dark!

"It is a friend in a stormy day;
Then brandy drives all care away,
But, over done, it will betray

"Then strictly guard the full canteen--
Its power enlivens every scene,
And helps to keep the soul serene

"This potent stuff, if managed well,
(And strong it is, the sort I sell)
Can every doubt and fear expel,

"Though mountains rise, or rocks intrude,
This nectar smooths the roughest road,
And cheers the heart, and warms the blood

"Then drink you this, and more," (he said,
And held the pitcher to his head)
"This drink of gods, when Ganymede

"Will nerve the arm, and bid you go
Where prowls the vagrant Eskimau,
Where torpid winter tops with snow
The darkened pole,--"

"Enough, enough!"--(the sergeant said)
"Now, suttler, he must go to bed--
See! topsy-turvy goes his head;
I hear him snort."

"Since I know where to get my pay
(The suttler answered rather gay)
No matter what I said or say--
I've sold my quart."

To a Recruit Fond of Segar Smoking

Cogitat, ut speciosa dehinc miracula promat--Hor.

When first I arrived to the age of a man
And met the distraction of care,
As the day to a close rather sorrowful ran
Yet I smiled and I smoked my segar:
O, how sweet did it seem
What a feast, what a dream
What a pleasure to smoke the segar!

In vain did the din of the females assail
Or the noise of the carts in the street,
With a spanish segar and a pint of good ale
I found my enjoyment complete:
Old care I dismiss'd
While I held in my fist
The pitcher, and smoked the segar.

What a world are we in, if we do not retire,
And, at times, to the tavern repair
To read the gazette, by a hickory fire,
With a sixpence or shilling to spare,
To handle the glass
And an evening pass
With the help of a lively segar.

The man of the closet, who studies and reads,
And prepares for the wars of the bar;
The priest who harangues, or the lawyer who pleads,
What are they without the segar?
What they say may be right,
But they give no delight
Unless they have smoked the segar.

The farmer still plodding, who follows his plough,
A calling, the first and the best,
Would care not a fig for the sweat on his brow
If he smoked a segar with the rest:
To the hay-loft alone
I would have it unknown,
For there a segar I detest.

The sailor who climbs and ascends to the yard
Bespatter'd and blacken'd with tar,
Would think his condition uncommonly hard
If he did not indulge the segar,
To keep them in trim
While they merrily swim
On the ocean, to countries afar.

The soldier untry'd, in the midst of the smoke,
The havoc and carnage of war,
Would stand to his cannon, as firm as a rock,
Would they let him but smoke his segar:
Every gun in the fort
Should make its report
From the fire which illumes the segar.

Come then, to the tavern, ye sons of the sword,
No fear of a wound or a scar;
If your money is gone, your account will be scored
By the lady who tends at the bar:
And this I can say,
Not a cent need you pay
For the use of the social segar.
