title: Part Ii (part 1 of 2)
author: Philip Freneau
date: c. 1780-1791
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/38529 (The Poems of Philip Freneau, ed. F. L. Pattee, Princeton, 1902-07, vol. 2, poems of 1780-1791)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 80
attribution: certain
notes: 

But as to the Tories that yet may remain,
They scarcely need give you a moment of pain:
What dare they attempt when their masters are fled;--
When the soul is departed who wars with the dead?

Poor souls! for the love of the king and his nation
They have had their full quota of mortification;
Wherever they fought, or whatever they won
The dream's at an end--the delusion is done.

The Temple you rais'd was so wonderful large
Not one of them thought you could answer the charge,
It seem'd a mere castle constructed of vapour,
Surrounded with gibbets and founded on Paper.

On the basis of freedom you built it too strong!
And Clinton confess'd, when you held it so long,
That if any thing human the fabric could shatter
The Royal Gazette must accomplish the matter.

An engine like that, in such hands as my own
Had shaken king Codjoe himself from his throne,
In another rebellion had ruin'd the Scot,
While the Pope and Pretender had both gone to pot.

If you stood my attacks, I have nothing to say--
I fought, like the Swiss, for the sake of my pay;
But while I was proving your fabric unsound
Our vessel miss'd stay, and we all went aground.

Thus ended in ruin what madness begun,
And thus was our nation disgrac'd and undone,
Renown'd as we were, and the lords of the deep,
If our outset was folly, our exit was sleep.

A dominion like this, that some millions had cost!--
The king might have wept when he saw it was lost;--
This jewel--whose value I cannot describe;
This pearl--that was richer than all his Dutch tribe.

When the war came upon us, you very well knew
My income was small and my riches were few--
If your money was scarce, and your prospects were bad,
Why hinder me printing for people that had?

'Twould have pleas'd you, no doubt, had I gone with a few setts
Of books, to exist in your cold Massachusetts;
Or to wander at Newark, like ill fated Hugh,
Not a shirt to my back, nor a soal to my shoe.

Now, if we mistook (as we did, it is plain)
Our error was owing to wicked Hugh Gaine,
For he gave us such scenes of your starving and strife
As prov'd that his pictures were drawn from the life.

On the waves of the Styx had he rode quarantine,
He could not have look'd more infernally lean
Than the day, when returning dismay'd and distrest,
Like the doves to their windows, he flew to his nest.

The part that he acted, by some men of sense
Was wrongfully held to be malice propense,
When to all the world it was perfectly plain,
One principle rul'd him--a passion for gain.

You pretend I have suffer'd no loss in the cause,
And have, therefore, no right to partake of your laws:
Some people love talking--I find to my cost,
I too am a loser--my character's lost!

Nay, did not your printers repeatedly stoop
To descant and reflect on my Portable Soup?
At me have your porcupines darted the quill,
You have plunder'd my Office, and publish'd my Will.

Resolv'd upon mischief, you held it no crime
To steal my Reflections, and print them in rhyme,
When all the world knew, or at least they might guess,
That the time to reflect was no time to confess;

You never consider'd my children and wife,
That my lot was to toil and to struggle through life;
My windows you broke--they are all on a jar,
And my house you have made a mere old man of war.

And still you insist I've no right to complain!--
Indeed if I do, I'm afraid it's in vain--
Yet am willing to hope you're too learnedly read
To hang up a printer for being misled.

If this be your aim, I must think of a flight--
In less than a month I must bid you good-night,
And hurry away to that whelp ridden shore
Where Clinton and Carleton retreated before.

From signs in the sky, and from tokens on land
I'm inclin'd to suspect my departure's at hand:
The man in the moon is unusually big,
And Inglis, they tell me, has grown a good Whig.
