title: Part Ii (part 2 of 2)
author: Philip Freneau
date: c. 1780-1791
source: https://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/38529 (The Poems of Philip Freneau, ed. F. L. Pattee, Princeton, 1902-07, vol. 2, poems of 1780-1791)
form: anapestic tetrameter
lines: 76
attribution: certain
notes: 

For many days past, as the town can attest,
The tail of the weather-cock hung to the west--
My shop, the last evening, seem'd all in a blaze,
And a hen crow'd at midnight, my waiting man says;

Even then, as I lay with strange whims in my head,
A ghost hove in sight, not a yard from my bed,
It seem'd Gen'ral Robertson, brawly array'd,
But I grasp'd at the substance, and found him a shade!

He appear'd as of old, when, head of the throng,
And loaded with laurels, he waddled along--
He seem'd at the foot of my bedstead to stand
And cry'd--"Jemmy Rivington, reach me your hand;

"And Jemmy, (said he) I am sorry to find
"Some demon advis'd you to loiter behind;
"The country is hostile--you had better get off it,
"Here's nothing but squabbles, all plague and no profit!

"Since the day that Sir William came here with his throng
"He manag'd things so that they always went wrong,
"And tho' for his knighthood, he kept Meschianza,
"I think he was nothing but mere Sancho Panca.

"That famous conductor of moon-light retreats,
"Sir Harry, came next with his armies and fleets,
"But, finding the rebels were dying and dead,
"He grounded his arms and retreated to bed.

"Other luck we had once at the battle of Boyne!
"But here they have ruin'd Earl Charles and Burgoyne,
"Here brave col'nel Monckton was thrown on his back,
"And here lies poor Andre! the best of the pack."

So saying, he flitted away in a trice,
Just adding, "he hop'd I would take his advice"--
Which I surely shall do if you push me too hard--
And so I remain, with eternal regard,

JAMES RIVINGTON, printer, of late, to the king,
But now a republican--under your wing--
Let him stand where he is--don't push him down hill,
And he'll turn a true Blue-Skin, or just what you will.

"The gods for that hero did trouble prepare,
But gave him a mind that could feed upon care,
They gave him a spirit, serene but severe,
Above all disorder, confusion, and fear;
In him it was fortune where others would fail:
He was born for the tempest, and weathered the gale."

"When all the town knew (and a number confess'd)
That papers, like these, were no cause of arrest."--Ed. 1795.

"Old Argo the ship,--in a peep at her star,
I found they were scraping her bottom for TAR."

What tempests gloom'd the by-past year--
What dismal prospects then arose!
Scarce at your doors I dar'd appear,
So many were our griefs and woes:
But time at length has chang'd the scene,
Our prospects, now, are more serene.

Bad news we brought you every day,
Your seamen slain, your ships on shore,
The army fretting for their pay--
('Twas well they had not fretted more!)
'Twas wrong indeed to wear out shoes,
To bring you nothing but bad news.

Now let's be joyful for the change--
The folks that guard the English throne
Have given us ample room to range,
And more, perhaps, than was their own;
To western lakes they stretch our bounds,
And yield the Indian hunting grounds.

But pray read on another year,
Remain the humble newsman's friend;
And he'll engage to let you hear
What Europe's princes next intend.--
Even now their brains are all at work
To rouse the Russian on the Turk.

Well--if they fight, then fight they must,
They are a strange contentious breed;
One good effect will be, I trust,
The more are kill'd, the more you'll read;
For past experience clearly shews,
That Wrangling is the Life of News.
