

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 1 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=1 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:35Z ========

ILLINOIS LEGISLATURE.
Proceedings of Hie House and
Senate 6« Friday.
A Bill to Believe the City of Chi
cago from the Canal Debt.
Act for an Appropriation for the Peo
i- pie who Suffered Loss in the
Great Fire.
Following is the report of tbe proceedings of
the Legislature »>n Friday, which could not bo
transmitted by telegraph;
TQR HOUSE
was called to order ot noon by Speaker Smith,
and tho Clerk read the Governor’s proclama
tion.
Rev. Mr. Carnahan made a prayer, in which
he alluded In pathetic terms to the cause of the
meeting.
The Clerk was directed to inform the Senate
that the House was ready to proceed to busi
ness, and Mcrsrs. Barnes of Morgan. King of
Cook, and Miller ot St.Clair were appointed a
committee to wait upon the Governor.
The rules and standing committee* of tho last
session were continued.
Mr. Springer offered resolutions tendering the
sympathy of tbe Stale to the suffVrcrs by the
fire. They were unanimously adopted, and tho
Secretary of State was directed to present a copy
to the Mayor of Chicago.
The Governor-sent in a shoit mwags an
nouncing that ho had not time to elaborate Dis
views aa-t*» the -course to be pursued, but would
be prepared tulo so on Monday.
Mr. Waits offered resolution, which was
adopted, providing tb’it all vacancies ia.««»ce*
to bo filled by the House or speaker be given to
sufferers by the five.
\lr Sullivan offered a resolution instructing
the Committee on Stole Insiituti-ms to inquire
what measures should b»* taken t«» T‘-m'»vo the
inmates ol the Chicago Reform benoul to the
Reform School at Pontiac.
The r-solnti'm was rc t-rred.
I Mr. Boot offered tho following;
A Bill lor no Act to relieve the Lon of the City
of Chicago upon tbe Illinois ft M;ca gan L-uml
and revenues, by refunding tu said city the
amount-expended by it in maki.ig the mi
pr-venent contemplated-by An act to pr—
vide for tbccouipleuou of the Illinois X Mich
igan Canal, upon tue plni u l0 l >t
State in 1835, 7 approved February IG. 18& i, to
gether with the tntcfo-t thtre-n, ua author
ized by Section 5 of said Act.
Whereas. Too city of.Chicago hat expended a
large amount «fmoney, to-wiij thesumul two
and a halt million* of dollars, t« secure.the com
pletion of tho Si-c-md div-stuu ol the Illinois and
Michigan Canal, under and pursuant to the pr»-
viMons of said aci. t approved February IC.
1865* and whereas, th* said city has a vested hen
u.-on th« said can*!, wish iu revenues, subject
to auy oa-al debt ex*** mg at the time of the
Dasiaga cf said-acs.; ami whereas, said debt h.t*
been lul.y paid and cancelled: and wnereas. the
Canal Trustee? have do ivefed to the biate of il.j
nou possession and c ntr -I of said cauai; ana
whereas, it is provided by Section 5 of said act
as follows: “The State of Illinois may, at any
time relievo tais lionmmn tno canal and reve
nues. by refund.ng to the city ot Chicago the
amount expended in making the c .ntcinplaled
impr»v-meat, and the iutcrest tb-roon. Now,
Skctiox 1. Bo it enacted by the People of the
Slate ot Illinois, represented in the General As
sembly, Tnat the sum of-....—, be aud tno same
is hereby appropriated lor iho purpose of reliev
ing the lien as aforesaid, being the sum of two
and a half millions **f dollars, witn interest
thereon. Irom which said sum t? hereby
refunded to »«id city, and stmli bo paid to the
said city as soon ns the said city shall execute
and deliver to tho State of Illinois a proper re
lease of said li*n. to ibe *atislaction ot the Gov
ernor; and tho Auditor ol the Slate, under tho
direction ot the Governor, Is hereby directed to
draw his warrants f«.r said sura «»f money, paya
ble out of any moneys iu tue Treasury m»t oth
erwise appropriated, which said warrants
may, at the option of tho holder, bo
converted into bonds of tho Statu, payable in ten
years, with intercstat 6 percent peram.um; and
tho Governor and Secretary of State are hereby
authorized tocxecutuiach bonds in sums of nut
Jess than iSOO each, and tbe same shall t>o regis
tered ia the ofilci uf the Auditor, and payable in
tbe city »f New York, and shall be designated us
Canal Lieu Bonds."
Wbcbbas, By reason of a groat conuafraUon
in the city of Chicago, tho public buildings,
bridges, and other public improvements have
been totally destroyed, and the business ol the
courts is suspended, whereby an emergency ex
ists as a reason why this act shall take effect be
fore the Ist day of July next; tueroturo.
Be it further enacted. That this act sball take
■effect and be in furce irom and alter its passage.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a first
rime, and ordered to a seeoi.d reading, and to be
printed.
Mr. Springer ofiered the following bill, which
was read a first time, ordered printed, and to a
second reading:
A Bill for an act to make an appropriation fur
the reltet of the people ot tho city of Chicago,
and to authorize a loan to meet a casual deficit
in tbe funds oi ibe State.
fixcrion 1. Be if enacted bv the people of the
State of Illume, repreeented tu the General At
eemblv, Tfiat the sum of five Hundred tnuusaud
dollars be, and (be aamo b hereby appropriated,
out of any moneys in the Treasury nut other
wise appropriated, to be paid upou the order oi
the G -verm»r, upon warrants drawn by the
Auditor on the Treasurer, lor tho purpose o*
relieving the people ot the city ofCbicago. made
destitute by the rccuot conflagration in thai
city: said appropriation to be eXpcndo i under
the direction of tho Governor, and iu such man
ner os he may indicate.
Sec. 2. That, fur the purpose of meeting a
casual deficit in tbe Treasury, occasioned t>y the
appropriation mado in the foregoing section uf
this act, the Governor, Auditor, and Treasurer
are hereby authorized t» contract u loan oi
-5150,W0. upon the bonds of tbe State of Illinois,
•bearing 6 per centum interest annually, payable
semi-annually, in tho city of New York; which
shall be payable at the pleasure oi the Statu
alter years after toe unto hereof, aud shall
be uf such denominations us tue Governor mo)’
deedi advisable, aud "hull be kuuwn us the
Coicago Relief Bonds." and tho p.ocueds
thereof shall be applied, as far as they muy
rcalize, to meeting iuo appropriation iu..uj iu
the brat section ot this act.
Sec* 3. llict, -Menem au emergency exist.- re
quirtus this act to take etfoct immediately;
namely, the grout distress uuJ s offering ot t»v
peupic of tbo city of Cuie.ig brnugut aoout by
the recent destruction, by Ur,’, ui a great porium
of said city: therefore, this act shall uko effect
and be iu turce from nud iif.er Its passage.
Air. Waite offered a. resolution providing for
tbe loan to Uie city ui Chicago of tuo bupremu
Court library at Ottawa.
Referred to tbo Cuiuuxittoc oa Judicial De
portment,
A joint resolution from tho Senate providing
lor uo adjournment uoul lu a. m. on .Momi.ij.,
and lor a visit to Chicago was concurred in.
Air. Alortisoo, of (jourf. oiicred a resolution ol
thauks to cities aud ptraous ail over Uie world
wbo r«anouu«d so nobly and g.uerouso' to Uie
appeal for aid.
Xi was passed unanimously.
Toe Douse Ueu adjourned until 4 p. m.
Inc Uutua came to older at 4 p. m.
Mr.Suiiivan uttered tu« toilowiug:
Httolvcd, That the C»mmutctf uu Municipal
Reuiiuu* oe instructed lu consider tbo legisla
tion necessary t ivacaiu tbe appvopaa.iou» made
by the ordinance passed June &J, 1&T1, by the
Comiuu.E Council uf tbu city »*f Cuicago. »»vo so
far as tbe.same bavu bctu expended; «mhoi
inng tuo Coiuiuju Council t«» puss a
new ordinance ui appropriation: furbido'ug any
appropriation lor now puui.c works, except tu
res.oro bndses and erect temporary struc.urc*.
and authorizing Cook County to provide mean*
Ul u uc*. C.*ur. House, Jal., and Hal.
o! Uceo*.m.
The llouae.tUen adjourned.
IHK bKSATE.
The Senate met ui uouu, L tuicnuot Gover
nor Dougherty iu the ehair.
Tu«s c-U uua loud. Uto ictoiuli. iis ui syiupatby
off.redin tpu House Wcru cuncuircd ui, tbv
resolution ol nojoun.ujui.i was parsed, u bill
war submitted b» dcuator Uoa«.rwoud, uppropn*
nling a utuuk rut.. Jor Uie relict ui Cuicagu,
and tl.o ic.a.o aujuurucd u..til Monday.
The Committee uu &iate li.stiiuuoDS will
probably report a bill providing ‘untie tuenrpu
ratiun uf uie Chicago Jlvlurm School nub tbe
Stau Reform School at P»>ut\ac, bnugiug botn
uncur State mHuagemunt and ruiiuving Chicago
ot luu burden ut supHir.itig its insttiuuon.
Speaker Smith did uot come to Cuic.igo,
though Very unxioiis 11 do because his unugu
ter. an only child, is lying at tbe t»-tut ul death.
ni£ CISTUM UOl’iiK,
The Entire Contents of the building De
stroyc 1, Including $1,830,000
:a Paper Aioney.
Some most t xtr&ordioary revelations have
been made by iLo fire with rcgaid t the archi
tecture ot the i’ .at Office and Custmu House
building, which, proving to have been a sham
and a fraud ot tbe worst kind, has Involved the
lon of an immense sum of money.
The vault in the Sub-Treasury oflicc, in which
Collector MeClcaa bad deposited all tie fundi
i-ertainiag to bis deparimcnt, was built upon
the see jnd story.' It rested upon two iron pil
lars built from the basement, with two iron gird
er! of great strength and weight connected with
the wall. A third girder onnected
the two pillars, fortuitg a Iratm
w ork. A heavy fireproof vault was both
upon this foundation, and j r -ved to bo about tbo
wenkvst in tbo city to resist ths fiorconvss the
fire Them were in the vault at the lano of the
fire 51.500.000 in greenbacks. $300,000 in Nfttioonl
Hank notes, $225,000 in cold, and $5,000 in silver,
making a toUl of $2.130,000. ot ui.mh $300,000
was in specie.
In an old lr»n ta!c which was 101 l ouUido the
vault was deposited VJ. consisting of mutil
ated bills and fractional euirmey. Thu «afo
was regarded with scorn and deemed unworthy
a place in the vault. But like the little fishes in
the net, its insignificance saved it. When the
bolding caught fire, and hissed with fervent
hr t, themiierabSe Iron pillars melted, and the
immense vault’with its tabalous tiojsures Idl to
th-i basement, burying tbo insignificant sale,
and its.mutilated comoots, 'iho consequence
w s that the contents of the letter was saved,
w tie $1,800,000 in currency was bur.-.cd to puw
d;fSU(l bOMClvtllr lot,
The specie was scattered over
the basement floor, and :osed with
the heat. There arc lumps of fused
eagles valued at from SSOO t SI,OOO, black
coed and burned, but nevertheless good as re
fined gold. The imp.uyes have been compelled
to r»i*e the rums ot the whole building, and
have recovered altogether nb-.-ut fivo-sixtbs of
the whole amount. It i» probable ibut di«y# will
pass before they nil; be able to find th» remain
ago ssoo.oooin gold, ami $25,000 in silver hud
been *hipp*d Irom the city.
The building was. a* bc.oro staled, n fraud ot
the most bartiactddcrCripii-m, and cotmqu.-ui
ly an overlairing disgrace t., :be country. Taut
n vault containing impure to the aumuni
actually I..st should su;.,.orttd Un two
Iron pillars, which gave way and let i; last in
ruins, and should yet make a i*o.ielol b-iug fire
proof. is a plcco ol irmiy the most acute.
But this vault was «-nly one o. the Irani!?. The
fire-proof doors of the Host Office vault, in wfaicu
were stored the records, pMWd trailer e-till. Thu
binges ol the massive pur sal* which were to pro
tect the government nomds were
only affixed .to a single biick.
Wht-n, therefore, tbo walls expanded
with the heat, (ho sturdy dour* fell out ot th- ir
own weight, each bingo carrying with it th.
singb* brick to which it held, while the remain
der of the trail Wes as firm us possible.
01 o-’Uist*. all the records were bup«le-sly
rained.
Till? rsylt \nt fire ond buiglar-inoo'. Ex
pert* are nut ihu PT* l l wno cun judge of
l i
THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE.
VOLUME 35.
on the lam® plan, nod the condition of the
lower vault suggests great weakness In those
erected in other cities. It is probable that the
torernment will order on inspection of all ex*
isting vaults.
the mayor to the legisea-
TUBE.
Views of the City Administration on Im
portant Subjects.
To f/ic General Attembly of the State of lUinoie:
While your honorable body will hare several
c -mmitters appointed by meetings of influen
tial and public-spirited citizens, to make known
to you their views uf tho present wants of our
distressed city in the way of legislation. I have
deemed it necessary to select a committee to
more particularly roprcicnt my views, and the
views of the city administration, and to heartily
eo-operato with nil committees appointed by
citizens’ meetings. I have appointed as snefa
Citnmilten Hon. Charles II- Hon.
Wm. C. Goudv, Hon. Melville W. Fuller, the
Corporation Counsel. M. F. Tuloy, Esq.; the
City Attorney. General I. N. Stiles.
Our city ha« no money its treasury except
funds which by law are to be held for special
''rhe. S c »rporation Is without a dollar with which
to replace its public building*, build its bridges,
improve streets, or pay current expenses.
Our assessment of tax-s based upon former
values ought not to be. and cannot be, collected.
A new ass>*Mm**nt, or something equivalent
thereto, should bo authorized.
Taxation must of necessity almost wholly cease
for tho next year or two.
Special assessments for local improvements
must cease. Tbe m<>st rigid economy must be
exercised, but tbe interest upon the city debt
must be paid. and its credit maintained.
With the oa'istnnc* which can be given by the
State in refunding the money expended by the
city upon the Illinois and Michigan Canal, and
other legislative aid which it is in the power pt
bo General Assembly to grunt, and which will
be suggested by tho committees, it is believ d
that this groat metropolis can maintain its for
mer credit, influence, and eommandius eommer
ei »l position.
In ti;o legislation that rny bo saggested I ask
v»ur hoD'>rab:o body to bclievo that the citizens
and ibe city nuiu-rillcs can be trusted ns hereto
•ore t> carry on the city government, will oe
•qiinl to the emergency, and that it. and tbe
c ty government which is to soon succeed it, can
t»e s itfiy entrusted wtihull matters of a munici
pal character.
llnmon of the Flre<
People are not only hs cheerful ns could be ex
pected under the circu-iiitanc -s, but, with ail
due regard to the fluff ring which demands their
sympathy, they do nut refrain Irom an occasion
>l plea»autry. Indeed, as every one among us
has bo-n chastened by nffiictiou. everybody
claims the right to indulge in jocose remark-
wnen occasion suggests them.
One merchant, trbo fuuud his safe and its con
tenia dfSiruycJ, quietly remarked that
was no blame uttaened to the sate; that it wu.-
nf chilled iron, and w -uid h-tv stood, but thai
Iho firo bad taken the chill all out.
—A firm *>f pninleri on M ttd.s>>Q street bulletin
tbeir removal os tuliotrs, on asign-board wioeted
like a guide-board upon the ruins uf tbeir old
C9t*bli-hmciit:
MOORE ft GOE.
Uocse and Sign Painters,
Removed to 111 Drsinaines ct,
Capital, 5000.00d.30.
—An editor «-f a daily paper baa received sev
eral poetical effusions suggested by the late
disjstcr; bat he declines them nil, on the
ground tnat it is wasteful to print anything
wbiou requires every lino with a capital, who;,
capital is as scarce as it is now in Chicago.
—A bride who entered tbe holy married state
oo Tuesday evening determined to d*> so in, a
calico dress, in deference both 10 the proprieties
and tho necessities of the occasion. Bui she
dcsir« d that her toilette de ehambre should be, ii
possible, on a m»rc gorgeous scale. Being des
titute ot a ros* de nutt uf suitablo elegance, she
sent out to several neigubors ot her temporary
hostess to borrow such a garment, stipulating
that it must be a fine one. So peculiar is tho
feminine nature, however, that bur modest re
quest excited no enthusiasm ia her beball
imung tho ladies to whom it cam’*. This is
n«i a joke.
—A signboard, stuck in tbe ruins of a building
on Madisoustreet, reads: "Offing to circum
stances ..ver which we bad no control, we have
rtmuved," etc.
An Incident of ttxe Fire.
Mr. Nathaniel Bacon, of Niles, Mich., student
at law with Messrs. Tenney, McClellan ft Ten
ney. at No. 120 Washington street, slept in tbeir
office. On waking* at about 1 o’clock* and see
ing the Court House on fire, he saw that the
office* which was immediately opposite, would
surely go. Judging that ono of the safes In (he
office would not prove fire-proof* ho promptly
emptied the contents of bis trank on the floor
ot the doomed building* and* filling it with tbo
interior contents oi tno sate, bucks, valuable
papers, money, ftc.. shouldered tbo trunk and
carried it t a place oi safety on Twenty-second
i»troct— Jofiog thereby all bis own clothing and
■-ffrets except what ho bad on. That yuuog
man is a h tu.
Despatch irom Bishop F'olcy.
Baltimore, Oct. 12.—The following despatch
was received to-day by Archbishop Spalding:
Chicago, Oct. 12.1871.
*-lrcA&t«Aon Spaldinp, Baftiniore.*
The Oath- Ural, six churches. Orphan Asylums.
Hospital. House of tbo G»od Shepherd, schools,
charitable institutions, and Bishop’s bouse are
in ruins. Over 100.000 people ore homeless. I
neg you for a general collection in all of your
churches next Sunday. Tho Superintendent of
the Telttzrapn Company asks you tu repeat this
message to tho prelates ot the country, as our
vires arc ton crowded and few. Request all re
alliances to be mado to your-alf.
[Signed] Thomas Folkt,
Bishop of Chicago.
MISCELIiSEOUS ITEMS.
Tbe Stuyvossnt Bank, of Now York City, sus
pended October 12. Tuo depositors will prob
ably be paid, though the capital of the bank is
seriously impaired. Thu litiiuro is said to be
attributed to tbo Cbicaso fire.
—lt is generally credited tbnt a vigilance com
mitteo bus been firmed in Now. York City to
st >p repenting at the next clccti »n.
—Tbo New York Timet states that Tweed re
cently lost lour miUi-na by an unlucky specula
nun in the West, Also, that Swocuey advises
Tweed to resig
—A itonth-man, wb has lust made a trip over
tbo Louisvi.lc, New Albany A Chicago Railroad
-ay? taut pratrio and wood fires arc rasing nlnog
;he line between New Albany and Lafuyctio. On
:h*' north end of the ro.>d. thr-mga the prairie*
of Kankakee County, there Iras one broad bli.tc
of destruction. Tbe flames of these Gres nave
swept nauy miles upon miles of f-necs, hay and
gram iusuicK, corn iu the fie;d*. and not a l'< w
uouses, barn?, mid cow-pens, and yesterday they
tveiusiill burning. Many towns along iue nor.h
eo i oftbe ru.id bare been c impelled lo turn out
ail their inhabitants to ficht away tbo fire.
—Tbo heal b «,f Queen Victoria is improving.
—Tbe French rnuieil journals ar> unanimous
jo their censure of the appaimmontof Fcreire to
ibo Ministry of tbo Interior, and accuse Tbicrs
ofpreiemluig to conduct a Republican govern
ment without calling Republicans to bis aid or
counsels.
—At the City of Mexico, Oet.l.4oogensJarmcs
and cava ry revolted ai.d aiumpttd ;u taxo pos
session ot th city. Tac garrison rallied under
ibo command ol General h cha and o burs, and
attacked and defeated the insurgents. Several
uf tbo officers, wtib 250 men, were taken pris
oners and shot.
—David Kcntly, c/i'n« James Wilson, was hung
at Uiinl-ru. Conu., Oct. 13. He uitcmptoi sui
cide early that morning by endeavoring to
puncture his heart with a small wire which be
had secreted upon his person. At tbe hour for
execution bo walked firmly to tbo scaffo.d, and
made a short speech, iu which bo Said he ha i
uiumpted c?cai>o tbe ignominy ot th<*scat
jold. He justified his net i.< killitn: tbe Warden,
and finally put too rope «i-cr hu own neck, and
mot i.is f.iio without fliucbmg.
—Tho attorney ot Paymaster Hodge has born
.•tigaged during the past lew day* in turning
uver uis property at Washington io indemnity
the government, so f»r n? it will go. As soon
ns tht.« is completed, llouge will bo removed io
ttio Albany PvuiicLtiary to cuter upon ins im
prisonment.
—Letters received from members of tbe
geological expedition of the fortieth parallel re
port that extensive fires have raged tnrougiout
the H-.cky .Mountains since August 2d. filling
the air with such volumes »t suii.ku us to stop
the top..graphical work. On October 2 a heavy
snow storm prevailed, and uu tbo 3d, lor the
first lime, tho air was clear.
—W tbo, the shipbuilder of Now York, had an
interview with too President on tno 13.h. Uc
thinks tuatunless Congress shnll Something
at the next session in uiil of steam navigation
every American line will have to g.ve way to the
British within a year.
—Joo Coburn gave un exhibition ri Memphis,
on tbo 13ih. and is en route for Ki-w Oilcans, to
go into trnimnx tor bis coming figat with Mace.
—The lasi mil nu the Evansville, Terre Haute
Chicago Ra.lrnad was laid on iho lath.
—lho sebwabe Gallery of Fallen Heroes was
sold at auction in Boston. .<o tbo 13tb, by order
of the mortgagees, for $2,500.
—Adespatch from Bangor. Mr., the 15th,says:
The heavy rain yesterday caused an unprece
dented fresuct iu the Penobscot. The water has
risen ui:>a u-et tu twcnty-lonr hours, aad is still
rising. Five million locs buve broken from their
fastenings, nnd are floating past the city. Large
quantities must be lust. It is tcnridthal much
uitui. ge will br done bridge?. eic.”
—A Nc» York despatco of the 13tb s«ys:
The p.nie w bica was attempted un Thursday
night recoiled upon its authors this morning, the
slock uiniket opening a? though i.otuing bad
bapponed. A hulo excitement m Wail street nt
noun was nliajvd by Commodore Vanderbilt's
loan of $5,000,000 to the street. This blocked the
game ot the King that has been licking up the
greenbacks.”
—lteccius Irom files <-ftbc London papers that
Disraeli was grossly mi.«r,pieseuied in ihe re
port that. In his speech on tau evening «t Sep
tember 2u, at liughendec. he said that ice
Queen Whs morally and physically incapacitat
ed Irom performing public duties any longer.”
Xuo cxnc. words ot D;s;ncU convty a moaning
.-Xactly opposite Ituu that giVrti in the report,
according to all the journals, except tbo Tele
graph. _
—Toe Domini Government are drafting men
irom different mimia districts, ai.d sending them
ta- rougoly equipped to ru.niwrcj companies in
Manitoba.
—The Convention <<f the Irish Catholic Bene
volent Union ot America, m session nt Louis
ville ou the 13tt>, adop.ed a new coDsliiuiion,
and unpointed I'oumie i bia as toe place ol
meeting next year. Judge Dwyer, of Dayton,
wus elected President. Considerable Warm dis
cus- iou occurred ou n piup-i>iiian to strikeout tuo
word Insu” irom the Duiue, but the word was
finally reunit'd by a large majority.
—At bait Lako City, «>u ibe 19-h. Brirbam
Young, accompanied by a number oi elders, ap
p-art-a ui court and Pas Uvld io bail in ihu sum
ol ,5.000 to a..swt-r. Ho passed through the
crowd trum bis carnage Uj> Stairs l>» the court
room. .Maay uais were rum <ved nud ulucr ex
pressions ot rcsi-cci shown, but no shouts ui
u<d»y dcmutistrati ns. Hu upi ca.ar.Cj beiore
Juuko .McK-eau nas quiet uud d gaiti-d, but he
Swilled evidtut y very n-eble. Tue officers the
coUit showed tum all kiiPimps in providing u
urge eu>r ebatr and kt-eniug the croud at a dis
tance, ‘i’ne counsel «t Brigham firs; pul id a
p.ca of abatement, watch was overruled. Tbo
‘•eat movement was t.» qn-t»h the tnd.ctmuiit.
During tbo argum -ut uftuis Bnguam
retired. It was expected that mo court would
tiivo >ts decision ou t:iu 12th.
Hie l>iluwmgnas tciugrapbcj to Boston on
thclUh:
trECCTiVE lliNsmx.WiiinNtmiN. Oc. 11.
"To Honorable Samuel Hooper, Hatton. Matt:
Uid it not uc \vcl» ior tnc good pvoplo ol
IJos-uu to di.'peiisO witu the curcmuuy and ex
r v. v r I'-.. .1
U deemed advisable for tbe relief oi the sufferers
by the Chicago disaster. I am sure such a
course would pio&se me.
(Signed) "U. S. Gbast.
—The Secretary ol the Treasury, on the 11th*
received telegrams from London and Canada,
inquiring if clothing, blankets, &e., for the pea
rl* of Ctiieago, wonld be admitted free of duty.
The Secretary immediately replied that such
goods would be admitted free, and gave tue
necessary orders to Collectors.
—A dospaten to the Now York Tribune from
Washington. October 11, says; "That a strong
and vigorous effort will be made early in tbe
next session of Congress to consummate tho
Saato Domingo annexation scheme cannot long
er brtdouuted. Tue irieods of the proposition
are confident of luccsii, and openly declare their
purpose to urge tbe matter before tho two
Houses of Congress. lo this connection, it is
stated, on undoubted authority, that tho
President has declared bis purpose not to refer to
the subject of annexation in his annual mes
sage."
—Senator Schurs indorses the now reform party
movement recently started to Tennessee. Hta
Diends in Washington assert that his letters re
c ntly received approve ibis eot.r,o as one likely
t<> bring about civil service rei.Tm. and the uttier
principles which tbe Senator bos so long con
tended for, and which were enunciated in hit
Into socceb at Nashville. It is staled that he 1
urged the leaders of this so-called reform to
tuako this muve.
—l’he New York TrUmne of tho 12th says; A
largo crowd gathered m .root of a laucy store on
Nassau street, throughout yesterday, admiring
.-to intensely colored picture of Paris during the
Communist conflagrations. _ It was generally
supposed to bo a representation of Chicago, and
u. equivocal praise for tho wonderful dispatch
witu which it had been produced was accorded
by more than »ne bystander."
—At St. Louts, on tbe 12lb, a large part of
the United States bonded wareuou’o on North
Second street, between Carr and Biddle, fed,
silling Ocorgo V. Bells. Agent of tbe Transier
Company, and seriously injuring two others,
i'hu warehouse was overloaded with coffee.
—At New Dublin. Nova Scotia, oo Wednes
day. man named Worubjch killed his wife and
.our children and then drowned himself. Ilia
wife’s nead was split oi-eu with on axe. and hi?
children’s throat cat from car to car. Ouo i.f
(ho children was an infant, and Ibo oib-rs ugu u
respectively six. eight, and tcu yc.trs.
—A despatchlrom Milwaukee, the 12tb, asys:
’loe ringleaders «f tue gang who attempted to
ur<M tho poS’Cugor train from tbo ir..ck tiu
night before lust, nave been an calcJ. ana ih. rt
to fair prospect of goumg the others. Tuc>
were port di tue C-ncugo plunderiog party, flee
ing from Pinkerton’s death o<der, and with th
probable inteotiun of mukin* a raid on Kasim
•>r Milwaukee. Their imeuti.u being apparent,
.be railroad authorities would out allow tuem to
come any mrtitor u-rtb, aud they retaliated by
attempting wholesale sl iughur."
—Tue St, LuUU Jfcini&fteon oi tho 12th bos ah
editorial ot much a g.,.fica..ce, Ii suggests tba
no Democratic candidate he nomtuated f>r 1871.
It soya there is oo n itioaal president tor such u
course, but tbe experiment is not an untried one.
and cite* thecampaign in Missouri l ist tall. It
thinks *he adoption ot tuis policy would divtdi
cao Republican party; luac the liberal «lemo-.i
m t jos party would have a candidate In opposi
ti n to Grant, wuom the Democrat* could sup
port, and the result w-.uld be a m.jority of Dem
ocrats ani Liberas in Congress.
—The Cincinnati inquirer of tho 13th aajs:
Officers Or gan and Hidings yesterday arrest
ed two young colored men, giving their natm*
as J. Culc'aud F. llueles hailing from Cbici
g«», on suspicion of being two o' tho number ol
thieves who have been preying off of tho inhab
itants o: that ill-fated cny uy robbing them oi
•be little they saved irom tho great conflagra
tion. When arrested, they had largo quantities
of jewelry on their persons, which evidently did
not belong to them, as it was marked will,
family names. They are at present confined i
ilammuod Street Station House, until roou
thing definite c .n be ascertained from Cbtc>g
—A Toronto dispatch of tho I2thsays; Far
ther advic.-o have been received confirmatory ui
tho account ot tbe Fe.dau attack on Pembina i.u
tbe sth iust. They mot with no resistance ther
the place nut being garrisoned. It appears tba;
O’Dononue bos bcou planning the attack o
Fort Garry all summer, relying upon r cciving
ruppurt from the French hnlf-bre*da. Tbe raid
was intended to inspire them with confidence,
lie has been Intriguing with tbe workmen on
line of the Northern Pacific Railroad, counting
on tbeir help when work on tbe road s-opi-ed.
lie is said to have been accompanied by O'Neil,
a Southern general, and bad ouly filly men with
him,"
—The jury In the Clem east, at lodtacapalla.
c«mo Into court on Thursday aflornoah. after
having been oat 22 hours, and announced tbeir
inability to agree, and they ware thereupon dis
ehnrcrd. A motion was then mado to admit tbi
dofoedant to bail, which was set down for argu
ment on the 25th lost. It is probable that M ra.
t'lein will be detained at Lebanon until the in
dicun nts against her are decided or taken Irom
the jurisdiction of that court.
—A Quebec dcsyntch of October 12 says: A
cable despatch from tdo Knglisk G ■vornment to
offer Chicago ail tbe military toots and blankets
In «be Dominion. Of the latter thcro are over
SUO.OOO.
—The losses by tbe fire nt Windsor, Canada,
are estimated at $150,003. Insurances are heavy
and iu tbe following companies: North British,
Mercantile. Imperial, Royal, Active* British
American, Western, and Provincial.
—lt is estimated at tho Internal Revenue Bu
roaa.tbut tbo Chicago ffre will reduce tbe tnt-r
--a*l revenue receipts to tho extent of $4,000,000.
—Thu President baa issued a proclamation
setting forth that unlawful combinations ana
conspiracies still vxict in tbo counties of Spar*
tansburgh, Y rk. Mari-in, Chester, Laurens,
Newberry* Fairfield, Lancaster, and Clu-aU-r
--field, 8. C*. tnua obstructing nod hindering th
execution of thu laws uf South Carolina and tb«
United States, and calls up n all comblnation*-
t<> disperse within five days, and deliver up all
arms, disguises* ets.* t the United States Mar
»hals and tbeir Deputies.
—Second Assistant Postmaster Giles H. Smith
has resigned on account of ill-hcaltn. John 8.
Routt. United States Marshal fur tho Southern
District ot Alabama, has been appointed bis suc
cessor.
—Tbe Acting Commissioner of Internal Reve
nue has issued an order that nil claims fur tho
roluuding of taxes claimed to bare been erru
neously paid, from Chicago claimants, shall bo
taken up and acted on immediately.
—A Salt Lake dispatch of the lUh soys thai
Brigham Young has signified bis inlcnti >u to
subscribe $1,t03 in aid of tbe Chicago sufferers.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayne
AND
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIGHT
Trains leave from corner of HUdlion and
Canal streets Chicago, as heretofore.
OsOO A. M. Express entire train with Pullman's
palace Cars through to Now Y'ork without
change.
Stls P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New Y'ork without change,
OsOO P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New York without change.
Bi3o A.M. Mail slope at allstatlans.
3i45 P. 11. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Tickets for Passage and Slscplng Cars
at depot*
W. C. CLEL.WD,
Asst Gen'l Passenger Agt.
Erie North Shore Line.
£Tbe Office of the Erie 4k North Shore
lilue will be found at 700 TVabash-ar.
Freight bythlsX.tne Is now mtlosdlng
and ready for delivery at Depot of the
Northwestern Railway, corner Canal
and Slxteenth»st., West Side, or at C.
B. &Q. Depot. J. W. SMITH, Agent.
THE LOCAL FREIGHT OFFICE OF THE IL
LINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO. IS LOCA
TED AT WELDON SHOPS. WHERE FREIGHT
CHARGES WILL BE PAID AND CONTRACTS
GIVEN. FREIGHT, IN QUANTITIES LESS
THAN CAR LOADS, WILL BE RECEIVED AND
DELIVERED AT C., 8., Q. FREIGHT HOUSE.
CAR-LOAD LOTS ON THE OLD GROUND.
BUSINESS CARDS.
I Still Live.
Have removed to corner Pr&lric-av. and Twen
tieth-«t. Am prepared to do painting and clazing
with dispatch- J. B. SULLIVAN.
Send communications by mall to residence. IRB
Sooth Sangamon-et. Formerly of 806 N. Clork-sL
Carter, Becker Sc, Dale,
Attorneys and counsellor*, office (far tho present)
SC Canal-st,
Will remove about Nov. 16th to Nixon’s new fire
proof bonding, corner La Salle and Monroe-sts.
S. U. Ransom Co.,
will resume basinets in a few dare with a full sup
ply of stoves and castings. Office SPO State street,
near Twelfth.
Geo. illcßinuoy Co.
wish to inform their nomeroos friends and patrons
that they hare fortunately escaped the ravages of
the late conflagration—saving most of their books
and papers of value-—and will resume business Im
mediately. Office, 259 East Randolph-st., Lind’s
Clock.
The Northwest Paper Company
have removed to 87 West Lake-eL All
parties Indebted to ns will oblige ns by making
Immediate parment. and remitting drafts on New
York. Post Office orders, or money by express, as
may bo convenient.
OFFICE OF SIBLEY ENDICOTT,
JTI Wabiuh-BT.
BUSS, MOORE CO.,
Wholesale Grocers. Office at GM Wabash Ave
nue. Wc are building a tempoiarv store on the
Lake shore, near Peck Court, and will resume bu
sluses In a very few days. Goods are now arriving.
We trust y.o efforts on the’part of our customers
will be omßed to oonllnno placing os In possession
of available funds at the earliest moment. Remit
Currency by express.
Attention!
Wc have dwelliogs. Cottages, rooms, stores,
offices, furnished and unfurnished: lots and real
estate. In ail parts of the city, to rent- sell, or lease.
Call at once. JOHN M. WAITE,
S.E. WELLS,
Office 4S Habbard-coart, formerly 125 Dearborn-st,
Woods, Gooding Co,,
General Comroleeioo Merchants and Produce Deal
er*. Uhllch’a Hotel, corner State and TwcDty-scc
ond-sts. Solicit consignments. Prompt returns
guaranteed. Refer to Barley A Tyrrell, A. B.
Goodrich, Henry W. King A Co., and J. W. Pres
ton, R. M. WOODS.
D. W. C. GOODING,
8. E. MINER.
Snmncl S. Greeley,
City and County Surveyor:
CLEVELAND FRENCH.
Civil Engineer* and Surveyors,
have removed to SCO Wahaahavc.
Webster Bros.
trill resume business with a full assortment ol
Milhoery Goods within ten days corner of West
Washington and Union Park, accessible by Madi
i -n
TRANSPORTATION.
NOTICE TO SUPPERS.
Tbe Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne
<k Cbtoago Railway Freight De
pot, Madlson-st., being saved
from destruction by tho grout
Are. of Saturday and Sunday
nights. Is now in shape to take
freights, enabling this artery of
trade to OPEKDP and relievo
those who may have property
to go forward from Chicago,
and bare opened onr office at No.
9, under tho Briggs House, for
merly the Laclede, Hadison-st.
Freight Station. The Star Union
Lino Agency has Its Chicago
headquarters at this office. No
very largo amount of freight
conld be taken immediately,
bat enough to enable parties to
raise money from their Eastern
correspondence.
R. C. BfELDRUH,
G. W. F. Agt.
Chicago, Thursday, Oct. 12,1671.
t3T Post, Journal and Republican copy.
Erie lorth Shore
LINE.
Tho Office of the Erie and
\orth Shore Line will be found
at
769 Wabasß-av.
Freight by (hi, lino I, now un
loading and ready for delivery
at Uepoi of tho arortbweitcm
Railway, corner Canal and Slx
teeiuh-»ts.. Went Side, or atC.,
B. and Q. Depot.
J W. SMITH. Agent.
rURNirtTRE.
HALE
&BRO.
FURNITURE
10,12,14, and 16 Canal-st.
Desks Office Furniture
of all kinds.
INSURANCE.
International Insurance Company,
NEW YORK.
ASSETS, $1,400,000.
.Policies issufd from this date in the abovo A 1
Company on all desirable property and dwellings.
Apply to THOMAS W. PLAYK’KT, Agent.
S3 S»ath Cannl-st.
niilrigo. Oct. 14. Ifi7‘
TO RENT.
To Rent for Business Purposes.
MY CENTRAL AND COMMODIOUS HOUSE.
622 Wabasb-av.
To responsible pirties only.
FUaNK t.. AIKKS
REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE OFFICE
op
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Nison Building, northeast corner Monroe
and Laballo. Also West Side office at No. 9 South
llaistod-Bt.. Masonic Bnlldlng. corner Randolph.
Field, King Co. and Jacob Weil
HAVE REMOVED
to
448 MICHIGAN-AV.
We have applications now for tbe purchase ami
rental of real estate in tho Burnt District, Sooth
Side. Send in your lists at once.
EXPRESS.
A. M. U. Ex. Co.
On and After
MONDAY NEXT. OUT. 18.’7i,
the General Office of the Company will be located
at
2H, SIS, 218 West Bandolph-at.,
comcrofGreen, until which date they arc located
at No: 115 Twenty-second-st.
STOVES.
Stoves.
In answer to numerous Inquiries, wc wish to an
oounco that our price list of stoves will NOT be
advanced. If any retail dealers charge an advance
we will furnish parties who call at our office with
tbo names of dealers who sell at old prices. Not
a stove in our warehouse was destroyed. Our
foundries In Albany arc in full blast, and wo shall
keep our stock In Chicago fall and complete, and
be able to supply the demands of both city and
country trade. As oar agency record* and facili
ties for getting Information are destroyed, new
customers will please forward references or cash
with orders, JNO. F. RATHBONE Si CO., 80 and
32.Sonth Canal-st.. Sd floor.
GENERAL NOTICES.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
NEW YORK, UVERPOOL, GLASGOW, *c.
All agents are notified that no Interruption
has occurred in oar business, which Is now carried
on at
NO. TO TWENTY-THIRD-ST.
Oar mail Is regularly delivered. Remit by ex
press or New York bank draft.
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
No. 70 Twenty-third-st.
JAMES WARRACE* General Manager.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS
We ate happy to Inform our patrons that all
onr books and papers have been saved, and that
the business la carried on at No. 70 Twenty-third
st,.corner of Prairic-av. Sight drafis on Great
Britain for any amount, and tickets from all parts
of Europe to ail part* of the United States, as usual.
Parties going to Europe Vlll take the Cottage
Grove cars or Praliie-av. stages to our office. No.
TO Twcnty-thlrd-st.. which Is only three squares
from the Michigan Central and Michigan Southern
Railroad Depots.
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
No. TO Twenty-thlrd-et., Chicago.
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Fare 5 Cents.
The disastrons state of affairs, and the sympathy
for the pabllc, induces the
PEOPLE'S OMNIBUS AND BAGGAGE CO.
to transport passengers at lower rates. Therefore,
on and after October 13. the original Wabash and
Pralrie-avs, stage lines will carry the public at one
half the usual tares, or five cents. We run a South
Park-ar, line to Douglas House, after this dav, at
half fare—s ce s—October IS.
PEOPLE’S O. A B. CO..
By F. W. P.. Pres.
Office or Bicrclumis’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 414 Wabash-ov.
All depositor* are requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above address, a statement of their ac
count with tbo bank, for verification.
CHAS. HENROTIN. Cashier.
Notice.
Person'wishing horses kept in the counter, at
good quarters and low rates, inquire of IHCAGO
SCALE CO.. 34 and 80 West Washington-?!.
Two Bag* of Luces,
Belonging to J. B. Shay, delivered to gent in
on night of the fire, ana other articles is possession
of anvone. will please be left at the present office
of J. B. SHAY, «50 Wabash-av., immediately.
Chicago Academy of Musio.
Mr. P. Zlcefield. Director of the Chicago Academy
of Music, will reopen his Academy within a few
days. PnpUs will be notified by mail and tbs pub
lic through Iho papers. Address ail letters to
F. ZIEGFIELD. CIO YUchlgan-av.
Chicago Newspaper Union,
13 North Jcfferson-st. The Dally Evening Wiscon
sin, Milwaukee, has the largest Job Printing House
in the Northwest; running thirteen steam presses.
Order* for work may be left at Chicago Newspaper
Union office, IS North Jcfler*on-at.
The Chicago Newspaper Union will bare three
more fast newspaper presses running the first of
next week and will be able to accept press work
for them. Wc shall also have an abundance of
printing paper of all sizes.
A. T4AIKSNS. President.
Grand Trunk Railway.
The ticket office of thi» company la now locate I at
the northwest corner of Canal and Madlsou-ttt.,
where Information, through tickets, and berths in
Pullman cars may be secured.
j. n. whitman.
General Western passencer Agent.
MONDAY. OCTOBER I^lß7l.
BUSINESS CARDS.
D. M. Osborne Co.,
KIRBY"
REAPERS AND MOWERS.
DANIEL RANSOM,
General Agent, 6W South Morgan-st.
H. M. Wllraarth Bro,,
322 MICHXQAN-AY^
WIU have foil?
STOCK OP PIYTUHES NEXT WEEK.
Gas-fitting to order.
Real Estate Office
A. J. AVEEBLL,
No. 600 Wabxsh-tr.*
E. E, Bromilow Co.,
WHOLESALE FISH DEALERS,
Will continue their business at
476 WEST VAN BDBKN-ST.
Customers remitting will please do so In cur
rency or New York exchange.
PISH! PISH! I
Now due
Per propeller Islander, from BromQow Bates.
Mackinac, Mich.,
500 HALF BBLS NO. 1 WHITEPISH,
Send orders to
E. S. BROMILOW ft CO. t
476 West Van Boren-st.
Codfish, Mackerel, fte., ftc~ oo the way.
M. D. Wells Co.,
WHOLESALE
BOOTS AND SHOES,
WttL CONITKTJK BUSINESS.
OFFICE,
618 WiBASH-AV.
ORDERS SENT TO US
WIU be
FILLED ABOUT SOTH INST,
Chicago. Oct. 12.1871.
Hayes, Gibbons a Co.
MANUFACTURERS
JOBBERS,
MILLINERY AND STRAW GOODS.
Will open a frill stock and be prepared toozeonto
orders.
AFTER THE 15TH INSTANT,
431 STATE STREET.
Clarke, Layton Co.,
REAL ESTATE DEALERS,
STATE-ST.. UP STAIRS.
S. H. MoCrea 00.,
PRODUCE AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Room 3, S. W. Cor. Randolph and Canal-6
Chicago.
S. H. McCRKA. Chicago, HI
W. F. JOHNSON. Morrison, HL
A. N. YOUNG, Sterling, 111.
Liberal cash advances made on consignments.
Particular attention paid to purchasing Lumber,
Lath, and Shingles by the Cargo or Car-Lsad.
Also, Groin bought and sold on Margins.
Armstrong Co.,
WHOLESALE PAINTS AND OILS,
can bo found temporarily at BS4 Stote-eL We are
prepared now to fill orders to city trade for any
amount of Carbon OUarand wm C! orders
In ten days. Those owing ua will confer a great
favor by sending in cash or express, or drafts oo
Now York.
Cook McLain,
DYERS.
Removed to 363 State-st., near Harrison.
Smith and Duncan,
Wholesale Dealers In
SADDLERY, HARDWARE, AND LEATHER
have reopened at
S3 West Randolphs.
Marston Peck Bros.,
WOOD AND WIU.OW WARE,
TWINES AND CORDAGE, JtC., AC.
PRESENT OFEICE, SB WABASH-AT.
Are building commodious quarters, Nos. 173 and
179 Michlgan-av., corner Jacksou-st., and will soon
bo ready to supply customers from a large and new
stock of goods.
Keith Bros;.
Respectfully announce tbo commencent of a
temporary brick building on the southeast cor
ner of
DEARBORN PARK,
two stories, 72x172 feet, which will bo completed
In about ten days, when we shall bo prepared to
receive our eostomera and to fill all orders with
our usual stock. In tbe present emergency we
shall m'st gratefully appreciate rcmßtancea from
those indebted to ns, either In Now Ycfrk exchange
or currency, by mall or express. All commnnlca
tlons should be addressed to our present office
916 Pralric-ar.
Trego and Kellogg.
COMMISSION.MERCnANTS,
63 SOUTH CANAI# STREET.
We shall be ready to handle conilgntn enta as ibr*
znorly as soon as railroads arc read?* to deliver
them.
P. B. Wears and Co. and S. B.
Chase and Co.
Hjivo recovered some of their bookfe ssd papers
from the great fire, and have resumed business at
Nos. 25 and 37 North Ollnton-eL WJ |1 receive con
signments and transact a general commission
business as before.
Bisbcc A Hlarsli,
Attorneys at Law, will adjust losses :md attend to
law business at their new office. No. W4 W-est Mad
i>on-et.
West Side Laundry,
ICr: West Ifemdolph-st. Prepared to do any Amount
of work.
t. M. HENDERSON SO.’S
Office is now at
337 Miicbigaii-aw
shall resume business in a few days. Parlies
indebted to ns will confer a great favor by sending
us all the money they can.
c. M> HENDERSON CO.
PHELPS, DODGE PALMER,
Mannfaauren and jobbers of
Boots and Shoes,
Will continue business store on Hlchigan-av., op
posite Michigan Avenue Hotel.
Orders sent to ns will be filled on or about tie
38th lost.
Gilbert Sampson
will resume business opposite
NO. SSO HICHIGAN-AV.
Office for the present at
93SMICHIQAN-AV.
W. M: Collins,
iof 119 Dearborn-sU. -will open on the site of his old
i h 1 ioep
GENERAL NOTICES.
A CARD FROM
FM, Ilians Co.
Our Office is at
75 Calumet-av.,
Second house north of Twenty-tccond-et., where
we have all oof books and valuable papers that wo
saved from the flames.
We earnestly solicit all persons indebted to us
to aid us all they can by remittances.
Thankful for past favors, and hoping to,reimbark
in business again soon.
We remain, yours truly,
FITCH. WILLIAMS CO.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANTS’ UNION EX.
PRESS COMPANY
are now prepared to
RECEIVE AND FORWARD ALL BUSINESS
OFFERED.
Eastern basineos, for New York, Boston. Ac.,
office 115Twenty-sccond-et. Western bastnefs, for
Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad and con
nections, at office Canal and Burlington Crossing.
For Northwestern Railroad and roads leaving from
that depot, at office comer of Klnzie and CohiU-fta.
(old Milwaukee Depot). Also at office 214,316, and
218 West Randolph, comer Cauai. Principal office.
NO. 115 TWKNTY-SECOND-ST.
612 Michigan-av.
All our account books and plates are saved.
The machinery is in motion to meet the wants of
all our customers at tho earliest possible moment.
ROOT ft CADY.
Eli PI RE
LINE.
The office of tho Empire Transportation Com
pany is In tho Lake Shore ft Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, comer of Polk and Griswold-ats.
JOS. STOCKTON. Agent.
Rand, McNally &Co-
H. A, PITTS’ SONS,
106 108 W. Eandolph-st.
The Cook County
National Bank
19 OPEN VOB BUSINESS AT
323 MICHIGAN-AV.
CHASE BROS. CO.
Having saved their
Abstracts of Cook County Eeoords
From the firo have located hCthc
M.ISOMC BUIIBIXG,
Corner of West Randolph and Halsted-ets. (No. 9
South Holated-st.). and will Boon he prepared to
famish complete chains of title to all real estate In
♦his city and county.
The Enterprising Firm of
JAMES S. EIRE CO.,
Soap Manufacturers,
arc already engaged with a large force of men re
moving the debris from tbo mine, and expect to
be rebuilt and In tunning order in forty-flve days
Office
UNION ROLLING MILL CO..
REMOVED TO
Timm WORKS AT BRIDGEPORT.
Wyeth Vandervoort,
MALTING CO.’S OFFICE
AT 92 AND 91 SOUTH CLINTON-ST.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREHOUSES.
LYMAN BRIDGES ft CO.,
Corner Carroll and Saagamon-sts.
OF ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW,
Bought arid sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES ft CO..
Comer Carroll and Saugamon-sts.
The Atlantic, Pacific 6t. Western
Telegraph Companies will open their general office
on Batnrday nert, 14th Inst., at 36 Canal-at.
We wonld annonneo to onr customers and the
trade that we cxpoct to resume business with our
usual stock within two weeks (rom this date.
KEITH BROS.
Oct. IS, 1871.
TO OTJB CUSTOMERS
and the public.
The respective money institutions under my
charge will resume business in a few days, of
which further notlco will bo given. I will be ablo
to fully maintain my credit, auc .-.t tbe same time
be happy to afford aid and counsel to those who
are entitled toil.
HENRY GREENEBAUM.
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
The Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Rail
way Freight Depot, Madison street, being saved
from destruction by the great fires of Saturday and
Sunday nights. Is now In shape to take freights,
enabling this artery of trade to open np and relieve
those who may have property to go forward from
Chicago, and has opened, an office at No. O Madi
son street, under the Briggs House (formerly tbo
Loclcde). directly opposite the Madison street
Freight Station. Hie Mar Union Line Agency has
Ua headquarters at this office. No very largo
amount of freight can be taken immediately, but
enough to enable parties to raise money from tbelr
Eastern correspondents.
B. C. XELDBUM,
G. W. Freight Agent.
Chicago, Friday, Oct. 18,1871
Herring’s Safes Triumphant!
Twenty-two safes have been takoc from the ruins
so far. Contents all safe. A largo assortment of
all sizes constantly on hand at the Chicago depot
aad manufactory. HERRING CO., comer of
Foortconth-sL and Indiana-av.
Office National Land C 0,.,
39 Canal-st, near entrance to the tnnncl. C. N.
PRATT, General Agent.
French Consulate
Is now removed to 323 West Randolph-fit. Office
hours from 11 a. m. UU 1 p. m.
Proposals for the erection ofa brick bam 50x315
located on Market near Van Bnrcn-st.. will bo re
cclvod at once at the temporary office of P. E. Ban
mann, southwest comer of Canal and Twclfth-sts.
The Fifth National Bank
wm be open for business at 449 Wabash-av.. on and
after MONDAY, Oct. IS.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD, Cashier.
The Miases Aiken
Bare reaored their Dreas Making Parlors‘from 9C
Vanßnrcn-et. to 50 Hamon-coaru
The Offloe of C. B. Sawyer Co.,
IS AT 419 WABASH-AV.
Resumes lectures at City Hospital to-day. The
course will bo completed, and those qualified wil,
be graduated. Board is as reasonable as before,
and all who desire can be accommodated.
To the Savings Depositors of the Union Insurance
and Treat Company:
We shall open at onr Branch Office, 316 Hilwan*
kee-ar., October IS- All depositors ore cautioned
not to Mil their books, as the bank will pay in Rill.
8. W. RAWaON, Pres; W. B BOSWELL. Cashier.
Odd-Fellows’ Relief Committee.
HEAD QUARTERS AT PORT DEARBORN
A.P. DOREUU3.
PARLORS.
_ Comer Hndlson and lialstciLsta..
DISTRIBUTING OFFICE, 190 MADISON-ST.
J. WARD ELLIS, President.
JOHN O. ROGERS. Treasurer.
K. B. SHEEHAN, Secretary.
Merchants’ Despatch Transportation
Company,
218 West Randolph, ccmer Grecn-st., (over Ameri
can Merchants’ Union Express office,) or at rail
road freight depot. Canal and Slxteenlh-tts.
Consignee* leaving ihclr address at cither above
places will have their freight delivered or notice of
arrival given them as they may wish as soon as
freight is nnloaded. N. J.HOWE, Agent.
GOODRICH’S STEAMERS.
All on their routes as heretofore. Daily for Mil
waukee and all west shore porta. Dally for Grand
Haven and Muskegon. Daily for St. Joseph and
Benton Harbor. Semi-weekly to Green Bay,
Menominee, etc. Office and docks loot of Michl
can avenoe. T. G. BCTLIN, Snp’t.
and bricklayers wanted by the Illinois Central
Railway Co. Apply at I. C. R. R, stone freight
house, loot of Sooth Water-st.
Advertisements
for the Illinois Staata Zeltung are received until 4
o'clock p. m. at our office. 10U; West Randolph
street. ILLINOIS STAATb ZETTUNG CO.
The Dyhrenfurth College.
1 'nil be ro-oneoed shortly in a suitable situation
General Notice.
WILL BE FOUND AT
Building Materials
KEIIH BROS.,
To Contractors.
Ruth Medical College
Notice.
Stone Masons
INSURANCE.
THE
rnu k t.
OF BROOKLYN,
Cash Assets, $1,850,000
Loses in the
GREAT FIRE
LESS THAN
$500,000
And has Opened an Office at
62 SOUTH CAML-ST.
Property insured and
Losses paid as usual.
We have commenced
paying. Policy-holders
call and present their
claims;
E. S. CRITCEELL,
AGKENT-
Applyfor Agencies in yorthweetem Slates to 12.
S. CRITCHELL. Special Agent.
TO PARTIES WANTING
BeliaMe Insurance.

Policies issued iu tlie
HOME
Insurance Company, of
Columbus, OMo, from
this date. Apply to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.,
AGENTS,
10 Eldridge-court.
B. The HOJIK INSUR
ANCE COMPAXV Is ready to pny
all claim. In full without unnec
essary delay.
Present your claims to
GEO, C. CLAKKE CO„
Agents,
IO Eldridge-court.
Chicago, Oct. 12.
IjrSURJLJVCE,
Insurance Co.,
Of FlxilacLelphia.,
Will pay ita tosses promptly, and all persons hold
lug policies in this Company are roqnestcd to pre
sent them for Immediate adjustment at
Soom No. 5 Laclede House.
DAVIS REQUA, Agents.
379 Wabash-av.,
OFFICE CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE INS
CO. OP HARTFORD.
Interests of policy holders and applicants for
insurance will bo promptly attended to.
STEARNS. DI JKINSON ft CO.,
General Agents,
(Successors toMooreftSloarns)’*'"
3T9 Wabash-av.
Yonkers and New York Insurance
Company,
WESTERN DEPARTMENT.
Office. 1086 Indlana-av.
Yonkers and New York Insurance Co.
Policy holders will please present thelrclaims to
O. W. BARRETT Co., at offices, 393 Wabash
av., or corner West Randolph and Halstcd-st.
can present them at Western Department office,
1066 Indiana-ar.
Now York, Oct. 10, 1871.
GENTLEMEN: At a meeting of the Ger
mania," ••Hanover," "Niagara, and “Repub
lic Insurance Companies, of New York Com
prising the Underwriter’s Agency." held this
day, due preparations were made to pay Immedi
ately. upon adjustment, all losses incurred at Chi
cago after doing which the capitals of all the
companies will remain unimpaired, and have a
surplus of over half a million dollars. leaving tbe
gross cash assets of tbe Underwriter's Agency
over two and ono-balf million dollars ($2,500,000.)
A. STODDART. General Agent.
To Ogden, Sheldon Scudder, Agents, 62 South
Canal street, Chicago.
persons holding policies in the Un
derwriter's Agency," will present them at 02 South
Canal-et., for adjustment.
OGDEN, SHELDON SCUDDER.
Agents.
CHICAGO SCALE COMPANY.
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales,
No. 11 Canal-st.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF CO.
THE TV A TER StPPLT.
TOBACCO.
Heartt,
Waite
Dodge,
Manufacture*? -and Jobbers of Tobacco, 00 West
Waahington-st.,havc opened our office for business
as above, have secured a factory with holler and
shafting in place, have new machinery on the way
soon to arrive, and shall in a short time be able to
supply tbo trade with onr regular goods.
Can fin orders for plug tobacco at once.
Those who are owing ns wlll ald ns much in this
emergency by remitting amount of Indebtedness
as early as possible. _
200 Pails of Globe” Fine Cut,
From Detroit, at old prices, by WEINER
WALLACE, 44 Wainat-sL; also, fall lino common
smoking tobacco and ping, flounders, etc.
MERCHANT TAILOR.
ELY,
Draper aM Tailor,
Is still ALIYE and well,
and, with, a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabash-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts,, in readi
ness to serve his city and
country patrons as usual.
Established in Chicago,
1854.
IRON.
Office of
A.B.MEEKEE&CO.
376 WABASH-AV.
STOCK UNINJURED AND READY
FOR BUSINESS.
Send along year orders. A fall stock of PIG
IRON and COAL on hand.
COMMISSION.
CULVER CO.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
86 South Canal-st.
NUMBER 70.
TIME TABLE.
RAILROAD.
Special Notice
For the present, and un
til farther notice, all pas
senger trains will leave
from and arrive at Twen
ty-second-st. Station.
We are in a healthy con
dition, and all trains will
depart on their regular
time, as follows:
Mail, 6:13 a.m., Sundays cx.
Day Ex., 9:13 a. m., Sundays cr.
Jackson Ac., 4:13 p. Hilt dayacx.
Atlantic Ex., 5;28 p. m., Dally.
Night Ex., 9:13 p.m., Sunday ex.
Pullman’s Palace Cars
ATTACHED TO ALL TBATN3.
Through. Tickets, Sleep
ing £S}j: Accommodations,
and Thiiongh Baggage
Checks can he obtained at
the Station.
HENRY C. WENTWORTH,
Q.W.P.A.
H. E. SARGENT, Gen'l Snpc
HALL’S
SAFE a LOCK
COMPANY'S
CHICAGO HOUSE
IS LOCATED AT
66 West Madison-st,
A stock of Safes, and
Hall’s Superior Bank
locks will lie ready
for sale TO-DAY,
At Old Prices.
FRANK B. TUCKER,
GAGE BROS.
GO.,
WHOLESALE
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV.
Will open with an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 Indiana-av.
Ahont the 20 th October.
Send Your Orders.
MACHINERY.
Engines and
Machinery.
C.& G. Cooper &Co.,
M ANUFACTD RKKS
Stationary, Portable, and Farm Slide Voire
ENGINES
of every required size. Upright and Hoisting
ENGINES.
The Corliss Automatic Cnt-Off
ENGINES.
Cooper Co.'s Improved Slldo Valve Cnt-Off
ENGINES.
Tabular locomotive and Fine
BOILERS.
Circular SAWMILLS.
FLOURING MILLS, and complete
MACHINERY
for flooring mills, sawmills, elevators, fornaces,
and factories.
Plans and specifications famished to easterners
without charge. Small Engines on bond or in pro
cess of manufacture. Orders filled on short notice.
The Mt. Vernon Iron Works, established ISS3, are
among the largest in the country, and have the
most approved facilities for manufacturing. Their
machinery Is of the latest improved designs, and
In every Instance Is guaranteed to give entire sat
isfaction. Call on or address, for large Illustrated
circular, C. G. COOPER CO.,
10 and 12 West Randolph-st., Chicago
COAL.
Our Coal Yard all Eight.
fe are Beailj to Deliver
In One Ton Lots
To any One TFc Otic
COAI.
Or to the Public at the
Old Prices.
Office and Yard
No. I North Market-st.
W.M.&J.F.OICOTT.
JEWELRY.
American tnterprise.
STARK A ALLEN’S WHOLESALE
JEWELRY AND WATCH BUSINESS REOPEN
ED AT
863 WADASH-AV.
Wo have ordered, by telegraph, a complete du
plicate of our stock ofcoods destroyed at the «eat
fire, and are now ready to fill any orders, and sap
ply our customers the same as before.
STARK ALLEN,
363 WABASH-AV.
LIQUORS.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS,
II and 13 West illadlson-st,
CHICAGO. ILL..
Have on hand a full stock of flue Kentucky, Bouts
bon, and Rye Whiskies, Gins, Brandies, Ac.. Sher
ry, Port, Rhine, Catawba, and California Wlnee,
which they will sell at prices fully as low as before
the fire.
Country customers will do well by examining
machinery
EMES
AND
MACHINERY.
C. G. COOPER CO.
10 aid 12 WEST RAKDOLPH-ST., CHICAGO.,
MAKUFACTDRE
Stationary, Portable, Farm, Hoisting, and
Upright Engines of CTery required site.
The Corliss automatic cot-off engines,
Coopor Co.’s Improved slide valve cat*
off engines; tabular locomotive and fine
boilers; saw mills, flooring mills, and
complete machinery for floating mills,
saw mills, elevators, furnaces, and fac
tories; plana and specifications famished,
to customers withont-charge. Small en
gines on band or in process
tore. Orders filled on short notice. Low
prices and liberal terms to tho sufferers In
the late fire.
THE MOUNT VERNON
IRON WORKS
(established 1633) arc among the largest in the
country, and have the most approved facilities for
manufacturing. Their machinery Is of the Istesc
improved designs, and satisfaction Is guaranteed
in every instance-
on, or address, for large Illustrated Circa.
C. c. COOP ER CO..
10 ASD 12-WEST SASDOLPH-ST.,
CHICAGO.
INSURANCE.
Insurance Go.
Westem Department
Office cor. 'Washington and Green Sts.
The losses of this Company, by Chicago fire from
reliable data, are found not to exceed
§1,500,000,00.
'And any just claim will ho promptly met, and
PAID IN FULL I I
ASSETS t 83,950,000.00, mil .composed
of the moit approved securities.
Premium income nearly $200,000 per month. They
are therefore prepared to receive applications
for INSURANCE, and grant indemnity of
the most undoubted character.
Office for local business. 68 CANAL-ST.
s. Moore co., city Agu.
Q. F. DISSELL, Gen*l Agent.
IN9DRA.N :E.
-ETXA IT3URANCECO.. or Hartford.
ATLANTIC SnmjAL INSURANCE CO., or Now
Tors. Certificates for Marine Insurance issued In
the above companies, at the -Etna office. No. 5i
in the Board of Trade Building
The BiversMe Hotel,
Riverside, will he kept, from tM# date, by Messrs.
Gage Bros. Rice. Sufferers by the groat fire will
bo liberally treated, and board for the fall andjwin
ter at very moderate prices. Pleasant rooms.
Gas and water, and frequent trains. Apply at
Riverside.
Transit House.
Tucker Sherman, proprietors—terms, as be
fore the fire, $3 per day. All trains stop at Forty
thlrd-st. Carriages to convey passengers to and
from cars. Street cars ran hourly. P. *Ft. W.
dummy six times daily.
Hyde Park House.
Open for the winter. Accommodations for Two
Hundred Guests.
PIERCE A BENJAMIN, Prop’*.
BOOTS AND SHOES.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.,
Comer Harmon-court,
Have on the way a new
StOCH of
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he p-epared
to supply customers.
MANAGER,
THM
ADAMS EXPRESS
Company's Office is at.
55 West Washington-st.
Patrons trill please Iraro their address, that wo
may deliver their goods.
JNO. L. HOPKINS, Agent.
ROCK RIVER
Paper Co.
AT
56 North Jefferson-st,
HAVE nt A STOCK OF ALL KINDS OP
BUILDING PAPER,
Saturate) Stalin Biari,
Prepared Plastering Board,
Felt Roofing,
AND
QUARTZ CEMENT.
Abo, SEWS, PR TXT, and T TRAPPING
PAPER.
56 North Jefferson-st.
REMOVALS.
THE
Wheeler Wilson
GENERAL OFFICE
IS REMOVED TO
No. 338 West Madiscm-st.
Our Sooth Side customers can obtain machines
nd supplies at 163 TWENTT-SECOND-ST. A
large stock of machines are already on the way,
and-measorcswillat once be taken to pat up a per
manent building.
FARRAR wnEF.l.ra
Union Screw and Bolt Co.
Office removed to COLLINS BUR
GEE’S Stove Foundry. southwestern cor
ner Van Buren and Jefferson-sis. VTe are
prepared to fill all orders for Bridge. Car,
Track, Machine and Skein Bolls, Lag
Screws, Jack Screws, and Carriage Bolts.
Wo have made arrangements for doing
BLACKSMITH WOKK
for buildings. Regular Prices.
STEAMSHIPS.
Carrying the British and United States Malls.
Tho office of this
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Isa Boom 5
WELCH’S BUILDING,
C 5 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
FRANCIS C. BROWN. Agent.
Michigan-av. Hotel.
THE OSIY FIRST-GLASS.
Baring had the good fortune to save' this hooto
from the fire, we announce to the public we
are ready to accommodate them.
JOS. ULLMANN.
EDUCATIONAL.
The Chicago Business College
Will open In a few days on Slxtoenlh-aL, be
tween Wabash and Mlehlgaa-avs.
Two of the largest and finest balls in the dty
have been leased, and a
FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS SCHOOL
will be conducted as heretofore. All the depart
ments will be In operation, with' fall corps of
teachers. Office at present, 792 Mlehlgas-ar.
Several fine offices and store rooms to rent. Ap
ply at T2i Mlchlgan-ar.
HOTELS.
EXPRESS
PAPER.
Inman Line,
HOTELS.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 2 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=2 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:41Z ========

their personal friends until such times as
ISriUUuC* they can take care of themselves. These,
7jf the most deserving chass of all (he snfler-
t e ers, have. not been seen at the supply
MOXDAY, OCTOBER 15, IS7I.
1 depots, and are struggling with scanty
Toe Chicago TnmoXE lie* opened Us offlcci at food and little clothing until they ban get
South Canal street. West Division, and the something of their own. These people
paper will hereafter he regularly issued from that; should be encouraged to make themselves
idace till further notice. 1 known, and such aid extended as will
our .h-t we i
.torse .he reprice to TUE TRIBUNE as be- i; The-Mayor aud the A.d hoc.ety have a
ff ._ t laoonoas task before them. -They deserve
foro the lire. Single copies can be obtainea for
tke public .thatKs for their intcrlerence,
five cents orer our counter, at >o. 15 Sontn cacai j lr r
and the public appeal to. them, in behalf of
street, tmd there ismo ocusion to pay e -the suffering, lo vigorously exclude every
{ant price ashed bypewehoys out to rec Jbrjn of irresponsible action by any per-
TO A»VKBTisi!«t>- sons dibbling official 'position) or otherwise,
VVc dcrolo all the sraco tro can_ posjibly eparo IS the tSttnaßemeut of this great work for
to advertisers in tbia moraine's paper, an an d support of tire poor,
those who find that their adrcrt.scmenta are left
PREPARING FOR THE A EXT FIRE.
lie. The demand for in TI,C futility of locking lire stable door
welfare and the city that much of; after J tbo dtorflc is stolen i? proverbial.:
tbai which we puoTlsh should so to the robljo/, futile would any suggestions ns to
*\Vc divide our spaca between the reaxler nn o b CS prevcnlive of fires seem niter tbe
f
■thnt theVcnrlicr in tbo day he gives us whalbc which. jnay be made on Ibis subject, in
wishes to have publuhcd, and the smaller tbo t jj esQ -columns, ninst be taketras referring
8 nee Into which ho condenses it. i o more Chicago which has already
likely it is to find our c 0 nmPE commenced to grow up from the coins, of
THE SITIHTIOS. j the old Chicago. The cause which operat-
Tbcrain of Saturday night, the systo- Jed most fatally toreador the catastrophe
untie work commenced by the Relief So-: of Sunday mgbt compete ts a mutter of
matte worn c Die no question among those who arc ae
ciety, the rebut mg f vjuaiuted tilth our city. It was the large
buntt district, c e f Qt area of- inflammable buildings, lumber
more nee 3 su that yards, and other tinder-boxes with which
the cvfindere of the great pumping on- the multitude of really noble buildings of
-Inc. are unharmed, and will surely be: at central Ch.oago were surrounded The
work in n short time, and finally-Ihe magn.fieent p.les of marble which lined
resolution of the banks to resume pay. our business streets, and of which we had
meats in full on Tuesday-havo combined begun to be so justly proud, had boot, seen
to put a much more cheerful aspect ou and adm.rcd by so many v.s.tors from
affairs After the excitement nnd fbr’rorand abroad that tho complete dostrnct.on with
iotTfrtt of tho past week, there will. which these palaces of art met on that fa
perhaps, ho a temporary reaction, but '*l m.ght has cxo.ted, even_ouU.de of Cht
l will bring a renewal of strength and cage, less astou.shment. than
bone- nnd tbo disciplined forces of re- f««ow, V k<A‘;
i. n Mr. in a veryvfew years, the reputation of-beinp
construction thc mosfwretch odly-huilt city of its sire
nest. Ibe knowledge no tow hat e tha TUe miles of marble stores
tbo worst ts over p ,S !-d churches, and public buildings,
sncakablc importance, for, while ever} |Fi __
nerve was strung upon the dread of new through wh.oh tho y.s.tor, year
fires no really efficient labor could be per- or two, has been driven, it do.ng Chios
formed by anybody. go, have dissipated this unfavorable opm-
Wbcn, on Inst Wednesday, we called ion of tbe outside world, and drawn to our
upon lire people of Gbreago'lo clioor up, city a great measure of credit for its bust-'
we did not appreciate or estimate the force ness architecture. But this architecture
of character that was in them. Ourcitizons had its weak points, and those have now
have displayed a noble heroism, worthy been made painfully-and v.v.dly apparent
of the abounding charity that has been The fault of the fire,-however, lies more
showered upon them. They have shown with the public itself than with tho archt
eapacity to help themselves, and that tccls. Wc have been 100 good-nalurod to
alone is worth everything in the way of ward those who have, to save n few hun
xe-enablishing their credit and procuring dred dollars of their expenses, persistently
the necessary capital to build kept in. j'eopardy tho safely of the whole
tip again.- fret them go on'as thoy.havc community by maintaining in the
began, not calling on Congress, or, the heart of the v-city groat num
gods, for donations, or slay laws, an d they bers of tbo most inflammable
will come out o( the fire right side up. and structures. It was tbe -thousand or so of
presently we shall have our Chicago again, dry pine shanties and rookeries between
nobler and more beautiful than before. the lake and the river and south of llonroe
The railways that have done so much street which did the business for Chicago
for us, will db more than over before. Too on that terrible night. With these hud
much'pralse cannot ho bestowed upon the died around them and emitting vast
officers and employes of these clouds of burning brands, which the hurri
great' establishments, for their cool- c»ne-forced into every cranny and
ness, efficiency, and discipline throughevery window, the fine stone rows
in this time of danger nnd trial. A’or of the avenues and of the principal streets
should the telegraph men he overlooked in could no more resist tho raging clement
awarding thanks and praise. They found than the chaif can resist the whirlwind,
their instruments gone, their wires down There may have been, and doubtless were,
and tangled in damnable confusion, n° occasional weaknesses in tbo construction
office, no implements, nothing left but their of the Inter built stores and public edi
experience and tlreir American energy, ficcs-a 100 fragile cornice, or windows
Yet in a few hours they had tire whole 100 much exposed—but tire fact that bntld
.country informed of our situation and ings lor which everything possible to
..roused the whole civilized world lo our architecture had been done to make them
relief' I fire-proof went with the rest tells
With tears for the dead anti dying, with plainly that the only 'fault—the grand
sorrow ami tender cure for the inaimed I fault to which* the general dostrnc
sick, with faith, in God, and slont 1 livencss is traceable—was in allowing
hearts iii our hrensts, we now begin lo j the, fire so much material on
dear away the ruins. f which to feed until it became 100 great for
human power (o resist. Wc had spent hun
dreds of thousands of dollars in spasmodic
efforts to exorcise the fire-fiend Irom our
limits, and 3*et wc were all the while fur
nishing him with.the material and the
space with which to organize for his deadly
I work. Wc had been industriously feeding
1 him «n the only rations whereon ho can
DISTRIBUTION OF RELIEF.
Aa was to have been expected, tbc
wasteful and indiscriminate distribution of
during the last week has drawn
so largely upon the slock on hand, and,
leaving out wlmt may be received in the
meantime, there are not supplies cuough j
on hand to last more than four or five j
days. The intervention of the authorities j
vns not by any means too soon. It will
lake the Aid ami Belief Society several
days to get into thorough working order,
hut even already things have improved.
The trouble is not with the destitute so
muchas it is with tho thousands who have
suffered no special loss, bit who have
adopted the policy of living on the public.
These people, lusty men and women, have
drawn largely upon the slock of supplies,
and arc crying out loudly against being
cut off. Hundreds of meu and women
have left employment, assuming that they
wore to be fed and clothed by the public
and may live without labor.
The railroad companies Lad their lib
oral offer to convey the destitute to oilier
places so grossly abused that they had to
demand that the authority to issue passes
should be confined to some responsible
parties, who would discriminate between
those entitled and those who were not
In the same manner the committees from
the various cities which sent hither sap
plies have witnessed the irresponsible
manner in which they were distributed,-
find justice to the donors demanded that
the whole business should be reduced to a j
system, in which the really suffering j
should be protected. Committees have i
been appointed to furnish lumber to those
who have been burned out, with which to
erect new habitations. Nothing can or
ought to be given to those who have not
been burned out. Committees have, been
appointed to take charge of the
distribution of supplies to those!
who have been .burned out,
and who have uo other present means
of subsistence. Committees have been I
appointed'!© find employment for all who
stand in need of it t and though this com
mittee can find places in respectable fami
lies, at liberal wages, for 1,000 women, the
refusals of such places have been in tbe
proportion of six to each acceptance.
I Vee food and free clothing have been pre
ferred to self-supporting labor. There arc
i.OOC men wanted to-day to labor’ at good
wages, in the burnt district, but, so long as
„lherc is free food and free clothing, they
cannot be had. it is an abuse of charity
lo distribute the gifts of the charitable
people among men who refuse to work at
•xood wages, and who prefer to cal the bread
belonging to the destitute who cannot work.
This committee will, in a few days, have a
complete record of-cvery sufferer by the
lire, and none of the supplies
•will bo given to any other persons
None others ara -entitled lo these
.supplies, and no person should recommend
any persons to be recipients of those sup
plies unless they bo sufferers by the fire.
Every person in Chicago, male or female,
hi want of employment can get it, with
out fee, by applying to the labor com
mittees. Every person who suffered by the
lire, and in need of supplies, can get them
7jy leaving their names and residence
with the proper committee. The receipt
of supplies from abroad will necessarily
be reduced every .day,, uud in tba-mcair-'
time the contributions of money will be
held sacred until necessary to be used to
purchase food, fuel,’clothing, and shelter.
Tlie necessity for a careful distribution
will be obvious, when U is remembered
that the winter .is close at hand.
To the generous people all over the 1
land we scud the assurance that the sup
plies they have sent or may send ahull
be judiciously distributed among"
the suffering victims, and that, the
money they have sent or may send will be
used economically for the sacred object
for which it was intended. By far the
larger portion of the sufferers arc aided by
thrive.
Let these rations be cut niV from this j
time forward. One of the first duties
which the .Mayor and Common Council
should attend to is the enactment and j
strict enforcement ol a comprehensive or-
(finance for the protection of the city
against aIH uturegcncral uonflagrations- In
tbc business quarter now devastated there
must, of course, be some temporary struc
tures thrown together for the accommoda
tion of business until better quarters can
be provided. But the permits for these
should be strictly confined to a certain
limit of time —say six months from
this dale. It should then be
ordained .by the Council that the fire
limits, within which no frame building,
lumber, stack, dr other inflammable struc
ture shall be erected, shall bo extended
very considerably, so as to embrace all
sections of the city which arc now,' or arc
likely-U> become, central. And the ordi
nance should contain ‘a rigid prohibition
against roofs, facings, or cornices of wood,
or of such flimsy material ns to be easily
penetrated or displaced.
it should be ordained, further, for the
encouragement of thorough building in all
I parts of the city, that no frame building
I or outbuilding, of no matter what dimen
{sions, shall be erected within filty fed of
ony brick, stone, or iron structure, and
that all livery-stables, planing-raiils, fac
tories, foundries, shops, or other build
ings, wherein furnaces, steam-boilers, or
other machinery or apparatus requiring
much fire, or endangering explosions,
shall be built of brick, stone, or Iron, and
that no division walls therein shall be of
wood.
V' To theso precautions should be added a
system of water basins, or low reservoirs, i
to be supplied with water, independent of;
the general pumping works —perhaps by j
direct inflow from the lake or river—per-!
haps from artesian wells. It will not take
any extravagant outlay to obviate, by such 1
I means, the possibility of .any such calami* j
j ty in the future ns the failure of the water
j supply while a conflagration is yet raging-
Other precautions will doubtless suggest
themselves to practical men on a careful 1
j examination of the subject. Xonc should j
i be omitted .which arc necessary to make
Chicago tbo most indestructible city in the
world. Our fire record has been hitherto
i —even before the Into calamity—the
worst ia America, bet it he henceforth
the best. We must not, while suffering
[the manifold curses of the great-fire, loso
’any of the blessings, the greatest
are unquestionably,’the lessons and the
opportunifj* which U nffords ns lor.fortify
ing against future calamities.'of the
kind. We cannot ..expect that we will not
have our daily, quota of- half 'a dozen or
more incipient fires We couuot be sure
I that severe droughts will not come, follow
-1 od by galcs.likc that of last Sunday night.
But we ran take care that those exigencies,
over which the city as a community has
no control, are guarded against by nil the
measures which arc within our control.
i>nn Francisco has suffered grievously by
fires which raked her from west to cast,
leaving nothing but ruin in their track.
She is subject, during a considerable pe
riod of every year, to both droughts and
gales quite as severe as those which con
tributed to our present misfortune; but she
is now able to defy them afiT^having, by
the means similar to those' which we have
now suggested,.secured a‘ system of fire
proof buildings—fire-proof streets,' we
might are not only-the pride
and trust of all her citizens, but the ad
miration of all visitors. It is important
that the burnt district of Chicago bo re
built as speedily as possible; but para-
raount to that and all else is the necessity j
that it be built permanently and well. Chi
cago must rise again; and not only must
she rise, but me ft) sfuud as long ns the
world revolves.
TEB XATIOXAL SVMPATHI.
Amid the general gloom, the public dis
tress, and the wide-spread wreck of private
properly, the heart of the most impover
ished man is warmed and lightened by the
universal sympath}- and aid of his fellow
countrymen. There werecities that look*
|ed upon Chicago as a rival. Her unex
ampled success bad provoked hostility,—
amounting at times to
ranks of municipalities Chicago stood pre
eminent, and that eminence had drawn
upon her the prejudices, and often the ill
natured jealousies of her supposed rivals.
But the fire ended all, this. .Hardly had
the news reached these cities before our
sorrows were made theirs. The noble
hearted people did not wait, for details
they suspended all other business, each
J man giving of his money and his
j property to be sc*nt to Chicago.
Before the lire hml ceased its
I ravages trains laden with supplies of
food and clothing had actually reached
the city. St. Louis and Cincinnati. Mil
waukee. Detroit, Pittsburgh,• and :liouis
villewcrc active, 'oven while the fire was
burning, in providing for tho relief of
devastated Chicago. Every semblance of
rivalry had disappeared. Hot an ungen
erous or selfish thought was uttered—
everywhere the great brotherhood of man
was vindicated, and our loss was made
the loss of the nation.
In the light of this experience, how
absurd ore the criminations and contro
versies of men. The hospitality and hu
manity of those in out city, who have
retained their homes, toward their Jess
fortunate neighbors, though marked by
every feature of unselfish charity, has
railed even to equal the zealous efforts and
generous actions of the people ot the
country, who have laid aside all other
business' to feed the hungry, clothe the
naked, and give shelter to tho roofless of
Chicago.
The national sympathy for us in our dis
tress has shown that in the presence of hu
man suffering there arc no geographical
lines, no sectional boundaries, uo.distinc
tion of politics or creeds. The Samark
tans have outlived the Lcvites, and there
lias been no such thing jis passing by on
the other side. The wine and oil have
been distributed with a‘lavish hand, and
the pennies have been deposited to pay for
the lodging.of. the bruised and homeless.
Words fail to. express the grateful feel
ings of our people. Men who braved the
perils of the dreadful Monday, who wit
nessed the destruction of all their worldly
goods, and who with their families strug
gled for life upon the prairies during thc
awful destruction, and bravely endured it
all, could not restrain the
swelling heart or grateful tears when
they read what the noble people of the
country had done for Chicago; how the
rich and the poor, whites and blacks,—all,
men, women and children, had done some
thing to alleviate the distress ahd mitigate
the suffering of fellow-beings in far off|
Chicago. How true it is that one touch
of pity makes the whole world kin.” In
some cities the contributions have ex
ceeded an average of u dollar for each j
member of the population, and in- the
abundance that has been given unto us
the aggregate is. largely made up from tbc
prompt offerings of the humble and the
poor, as well as of the rich. Future sta
tisticians may compute in tabular array
the commercial value of the donations to
Chicago; hut only in the volume of the re
cording angel will be known the inestim
able blessings of that merciful, generous,
humane charily which this calamity has
kindled in the hearts of the whole Ameri
can people.
In due lime there will be a formal and
complete acknowledgment of donations,
public and private; bnt'in tbc meantime
let tbc nation rejoice that underneath all
the conflicts in which men arc forever en
grossed there is a latent spark oi universal
brotherhood, which needs hut the occasion
to develop info the most genial warmth.
Properly may be lost, wealth may be ob
literated, but that people must he great
who have hearts in which charity for hu
man suffering cannot he stifled under ary
possible event.
THE 00AUD.0T TKAHE.
The action of the Board of Trade on
Saturday last, in relation to contracts j
pending at the time of the lire, is well cal
culated to still further strengthen the con
fidence reposed by the people of other
cities in the integrity of the business men j
of Chicago. The day after the fire, when
everything was thought to have gone by the
hoard, a considerable number of the mem
bers seemed to be in favor of repudiating
all obligations, not so much because they 3
wished to evade responsibility, as for the
reason that it seemed hopeless to attempt
anything in tbc way as settlement, as
nine-tenths of tho records of their trans
actions had been consumed in the,
flames. But tin’s feeling soon
gave way to the conviction that
the lino of duty must be followed as
i far as it could fyo traepd, and when the
matter was p.ut to thp vote on Saturday
there was scarcely a single ,voice raised
against the motion to settle up as far as
possible. The only division of opinion
was in reference to tho most equitable,
basts on which the settlements should be
made.
A large proportion of the transactions
referred to were of'the class called op
tions, which arc regarded by some ns little
better th;in gambling. ’With regard to
these the great public would have little
sympathy either way, but for the fact that
they are so intimately mixed up with
straight-forward business trading that
the tares could not be destroyed without
pulling up the wheat also. Great
quantities of grain nipl provisions have
been bought here during the summer, by
Eastern parlies, for winter delivery, the
purchasers intending to take the properly
at maturity and ship it to points where it
can be distributed for consumption; they
bought abend because they expected prices
to bo higher in winter than nt the time of
purchase. The same is true with regard
to largo quantities of grain sold ahead by
parlies in the country, their intention being
to deliver it at their own convenience.
There is no more of gambling in these
transactions than in the purchase of two
barrels of sugar—one to be delivered im
j mediately, and the other when wanted a
month afterward. So fnr ns these
can be honored, they
bo curried out in per-
contracts
should
feet
feet good faith, because the;
parlies lo a transaction always accept nu
morons consequences which they do not
foresee. And iho more option trades
where neither parly expected lo deliver or
receive, should be settled up, where possi-
hie, for the same reason. 1
The Board of Trade is lo he congralu-
latcd on having mot the situation in a!
hi:uilul way that entitles them to the high- j
cst respect from the whole community.
But the board will establish even a higher
claim if it now purge itself as fust as pos
sible of (he gambling spirit that bos char
acterized no inconsiderable proportion
iof its members daring the past two
!or three years. Gambling in grain
was scarcely known till since the
war,' and provision options nro ofi
even more recent data It will ho coni-
pamtivcly easy now to expurgate "flits ex-)
creacencc, and keep it banished forever, i
There was apparently no way out of the j
difficulty previous to the 6re that swept j
the city like the wing of the destroying j
angel. If this purification can be accom-
plishod, and the board settle down to its
legitimate business of helping forward the
movement of grain and 'provisions from
the producer to the consumer, the reform
■will not be the least good that will come
out of the terrible evil which has bowed
ns down in dusCand ashes.
THE S OBTIOyEST SUFFERERS.
The Mayor ot Milwaukee has addressed
a communication to live newspapers of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, asking them to
advise the people among whom they cir
culate against forwarding'contributions to
Chicago ,l until after a full consideration
.of. all tho. sufferings' in the, Northwest,
wh’enaid could-be applied to the uses
which should then seera most imperative.
This is judicious advice. According to all
accounts, the loss of life arid property in
the burnt districts of Wisconsin, Michigan,
and Minnesota has'.becn..quite asscv.cre
'upon the population called upon to bear it
as that which has drawn to Chicago the
commiseration of tho whole civilized
world. At the samo time the remoteness
of the afflicted quarters at the north from
news centres will prevent their afflic
tions from becoming so well understood
by the world at large as those of Chicago.
The charity of our friends .in MS isconsin
and Minnesota should not forget those
whose claim-upon it is first in order; nor
can Chicago properly accept any munifi
cence to which others have a better
claim, notwithstanding our own needs are
so imperative and the provisions on hand
are actually limited to a few days’ supply.
THE COURTS.
The Judges of the local courts of record
have taken possession of the High School
building oh M"est Monroe street. The
building is very well adapted to the pur
poses, and for the time will be us conven*
lent as any other that could bo provided.
The Judges, at their meeting, recommend
ed to the Supervisors the erection of a tem
porary building for the courts, on some of
the vacant lots of the; South Division,-until
isuch time as the Court House can he'put
in condition. The-Supervisors will act
upon this recommendation to-day. The
question to he determined is
county will go to the expense of a tempo
rary brick building for the courts, so long
as the latter can find accommodation in
the High' School, and pending the'fcstora
tion of the Court Bousa Thej -recom
mendation of the Judges ought to have
some weight upon the action of the Super-
visors.
The Republicans scorn to bare a slight
majority ori joint bulletin the Ohio Legis
lature. The Senate seems
though there are still questions concern
ing the election of,several Senators. The
House lias from three to five majority
Republicans The early reports oi email
Republican gains in Pennsylvania, Ohio,
i and lowa arc confirmed by later advices.
IMPORTANT ACTION OP THE CHI-
C.VUO BAVKS.
Full Eesumption on Tuesday,
A meeting of the officers of the National Banks
of Chicago was held at the office of tho Third
National, 456 Wabash avenue, Sunday evening.
October 15th, at 6 o’clock, for thopurpose of con
ferring with Mr. Unlbntd, Comptroller of the
Currency.
•J. Irvine Pcarca was called to preside,
ami Henry Qrconobanm was elected Sec
retary. A full exchange of. views
touching tho condition of tho _ Cljieasu
banks as affected by the lalo great fire, was had,
and it was ascertained, upon a comparison of
liabilities and resources, that all tho banks wore
perfectly solvent, ar.d should resume business
at once; tho only delay asked by any of tbo
banks was for sufficient time to convey their
sates from tho ruins to the new places of busi
ness, ami to arrange their books and office fur
niture.
After a general discussion, on motion of Mr*
Blair, of tbo First National, the resolution here
tofore passed, to pay 15 per eent cash immediate
ly; was unanimously rescinded.
Mr. Coolbaugh then offered the following pre
amble and resolution, wbieb. alter full discus
sion. was unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The book* and treamres of all the
National Banks in the city, tho safety of truicn
was to eomo extent uncertain when tho resolu-
lions of the ICih «nst. wjro adopted, have been
recovered iul ici: an-5
WntnEis, A camuil examination of our assets
lioca that time baa contincod u» not only of our
entire eolveney but of our ability to carry on our
business as u<u\l without delay; thcrctoro,
Ilcnohctt, That nil tho National Banks of Ibis
City will open their doors at tbo temporary offi
ccs now occupied by thorn, for tbo transaction
of business, on tho 17th ins;, at 10 o’clock, a. m.
CARP ITSnM TDK CO.'J}*TROEE};R Of TUE EEEUEXCY.
To the Pi nui;: Having ascertained, from per-;
sonal investigation, that tbc National Banks of
Chicago sro solvent institutions, ami not*
J withstanding (bo late fire, they are ablo and
ready to ray oil just claims on urcsentation, 1
I beroby announce Ibat tbo National Banks of
Chicago will open Ibcjr doors for tho transaction
I of business, as usual, on Tuesday, the ]7th iosh,
[at Pi a. m.; and f hereby express my belief in
tbeir ability to meet all their legitimate engage*
meuts on demand. JI.R. llutnniu,
-Cjmptrollcr of the Currency!
l Chicago, Oct. 15, l*n.
Tnv crisis.
Tbo Utcet accounts of tbo insurance losses In
tbo Ore of Cbicatro make the followlnff exhibit,
which we bare compiled fur tbo. bcoeOt of those
interested:
NEW YORK cjiv ann state.
Omiuanic*. A*'rl». Istw.
Aster... S S 500.000
Atlantic. Rrooklrir. 556.000 £50.000
American Fire Kx.TTT 3W **3o 006
AdrilUu 245.120 5.00!)
American 741.405 25.UJ)
-■Etna.. 460.000 200,000
Hcckmuup 201.851 261.W»
it sens. 031.000 2»,0i 0
C0mm«*rcp,..;;....1..1. 249.372 HO.OOO
Corn Exobance...;.~ 1...;..*. 3.000
Columbia 451.332 3,000
Commercial, Albit.y suspended.
Fireman's Trust, Brooklyn. 220,269 20,000
Firemen’s lORiiOO 63.0J0
iloruinnu r....;-.;.......'..:...: pars to full 235.000
iimnliin *270,638 *40,000
i Elen’s 1 ill* oTI.OOO 10.0f0
Greenwich....; 10,000
Ilanovcr 727.0 m) jrJo.t-'Ou
Home 4.500.000 2,r0j,009
Hoffman... 235,242 .20,000
llumb 20.000
Kins* Counly r 30,000
Howard- 783,850 275.000
International 3.310,10 l 450,000
i Irvins SlfcoOO Sio.iWO
Importers' and Traders’ SO2;SS9. 22.500
Jefferson 411.155 47,.^0D
Lenox .240.00) 30,000
Lilayeil.* 229,751 8,009
Lorillnrd 1,T13.U10 3,000,000
Lamar 551,400 20Q;000
Market Suspended] 704.&U 450,000
Mercantile Fire 273.400 100.030
Manhattan... 1.W7,788 fiou.uoo
Merchants’ 442.090 16.0001
Niagara- 225,000 I
New Amsterdam 40,001 1
New V*»rk 30J.2T,< 15.C0J I
North American "Fire 7TD,3j4 2!o.t<X)!
i i*(.cenix, Dro»klyo 1.688,9.0 Sw.i/O
Pacific 413,55? 32.000
Resolute 252 452 75,000
Republic 631.000 330.000
Relict. 40.000
Sterling 247,627 7.50U
Security 3.936,687 2.000.WW
fradesmati r 425.151 25.000
L'nilcrwrilcr*’ Aseni-y 3,7u0,22tt ftjd.OOd
1 tVifliamsburgh Lily..— 539,692 55.000
I Washington 774MU 430,000
Vobku? and X.Fire-..- hOiA'3s 300,000
I OSSECTiOT COMPANIES.
Hartford 2.700,00*3 .1,200,090
Connecticut.. •u-rortded.-
I’ctvaix. of llarllard.
PENNSYLVANIA I'nyiMMLS-
Franklin SOO.OOO
Alps. En« 12.W0
Houimcn Titisbargh Ib.UUO
Eureka, Dttubnrgh IS.OW
Arlesian 1T,500
Ailematiia. 13:500
Mdiiungahcla llliH*)
Pittsburgh lt),u<X»
Vn\'*n 3,000
Western 3 000
Federal.. 7.300
Alleghany 2.&UJ
Merchants* and .Maim aclurcrs- O.iW
Enterprise, Puilndelphia Hs,ix«o
Iftjoraccs Company of Aurlh America..., tiAi.WX:
st. i.ovts c-.mvAMca.
American Centra) 230.0J0
Anchor -T.uoo
Citizen*’ i 5,000
Globe Mutual tS.OOO
Boatmen i.‘‘,OCO
nnsTov com* \xn-ji.
Hide and l.satacr 7€<},ooo
IndepondcDt Jsuificnded
Lawrcnt- IC.OOQ
Manu.'actur.Ts AvMOu
JletchMli- 10*000
Aatioual s*sjoqo
New Euglai-d ilutuul Manuo Tl^lop-?
MISCKU.AMtOrS.
Andes. Cincinnati C 50.000
Allemania. Cleveland 25.101
Gorman. Buffalo <^qqq
Liverpool and London ana Globe. Bug. 2,U0d,C00
Narragansett,
North British
Wncclmg, West Virgioit,i>ayj m mu. tfua*.
ofClevolind. wilt pay In Tull. Pacific, Fire
men’s. and Union Insurance Companies, of San
Francisco, pr-mite to pay In fuP. Baltimore
companies announce tucy will pay in lull.'
Llvrnioo), Ijomlon and Olobe luaitr
auce Cniupauy.
As was stated a couple of days after the fire,
lhaab re company will paj’ off all tfacir tcsscs at
once, nnd will afford every facility t i policy*-
nuidifi to get their taom-y. Valiko any other
company, BlviTpool and, BoodoQ has two
funds—a BriVsb and an American one—of
miJliuns cacb, and it is th**ir intention not to
draw upon tho American fund at ail, but to pay
nil their losses out of tho British one. By
this means tho.r American fund is left intact, to
meet any losses. No other company will
ar; oKufs tho farorablo roiitioo cl this one.
THE LEGISLATE BE.
tUe CUficus’
Committee.
■;v,
Report’ Submitted ’by S’enator Jofin
Logislntioiii ‘Kaqiiired Ly tho City.
At 2 the mem- t
bors of t the State- Legislature met’Jn*S?attd-
ard RaU.cn Aetfomar ofMicliittn-avenue and -b
Thirteenth street, for tho purpose of hearing
from tbo vartons commiitecs.of citizens as to the’ R
action which they desired the Qcmckal Assembly b
to take lor'their roliaT.
Tbo mcoling wc* callfd'io order by the lion- t
James P. Kool,,who r j*tated tho/rbjocl of lboi r 8
coming’together, and ,’nominaied fl
Governor Dougherty as. ChaTnnan, who, when- i
elected, thcm Jils- heartfelt gratitude-
for the honor, and requested tho* Mayor of tho t
city to act with him on tbo platform,'which be
did. *V J- J l r ,-J 1
On motion of Senator Puller* of Boono County, j
the lion. James I*. Boot was chosen Secretary.
Scnslor Puller said the members of the Legit
laturo understood that they were there to
rider whallvouSd.bo lUcir.duty when they got to^
Springfield." Ifwasiortha'cltirehs to state what
they would like to recommend, ti tho ticneral
Assembly. He would, therefore, move that they :i
bo refiufiitod to submit tbeir vlct-ry..
The Hon. S. S. Hayes said bo whs tho obair
mau of a committee, chosen at Side
meeting, and* bo had mot been aware that any
South Side Committee had been appointed, or
bad done anything.- lie wished to stato to the,
members present, that tho .business portion of
the city had practically been destroyed: the
banks nnd homo insurance compani e
severely strained- Host of tbo inhabitants of
tbo burned district wire on tbo Xorth Side,
where, nut of seventy thousand people, only ten
nr fifteen thousand remain. Tncy wero nearly
alt entirely destitute, and he bad constantly bad
l *r|y in his bouse. On tho West Side, they* bad
not only housed those unfortunates, but had
been compelled to keep constant watch and
guard.
The mean* ofcorntnonicatinirwcro so t»dor that
ho bad bad no knowledge of what had
been done on tho South -"Side.* ■’The
c .mqiittec of which be was cbniruian itm c°m-
posed ,of P, \V. Go'osi C. N. 11-lden,
Scoat' rs'VToodw’arJ ahd'M’nrd, and they were to
eomtaunicalo with the General Assembly iu re
lation to tho rftlief needed, and to get some
thing which Would; bo- Jor tbo benefit of -the
whole. Wbatilifty specially wanted,.wfts-lo. re
lieve tho pcoplo,«utf<ru»S from -this calamity.
Th -y hud altloftvbub many were absolutely des
r tituie. AVnnttbcy specially desired, was that
1 the funds appropriated by tbo General Assembly
I should be appropriated with special rctcrcncu t u
the relief of the distressed,’ and be placed in tho
t mods of person?, uudtr tho gunran
f ties of law. Thor wanted tho General
1 Assembly to provide by law, .that there
»h«uM be responsible oGTiers "f the Jaw who
should hold luoso moneys and pay them out
e ace rding t» law, under, the direction of cpm
mittces for geueral-r**liot. The funds should, be
carefully granted, lor tbiy would rdiuiro assist-'
r* anew alt tne winter. 'Some «if them wuu.o go to
Sprineficld and there consult with their detega-;
0 tions. and end in shaping legislation for the
Preservation ofUfo and property.
r Tha Jioo. Juhu A.,Logitttheu spoke os fol
i- lows; I
Mn. pßESinr.\'T; I am Chairman ol a enmmit- a.
toe consistmcof Judgeßccknltb.’Mr. llitcbcycK, ta
Mr. C. B. Farwell. Mr. Fuller. Mr. Held, and w
Mr. Wickor, which was appointed lor tn« pur* c.
peso of consulting togetbeg and arriving at con- ai
elusion* and ptesiotjcg thorn to the members ol ai
Iho Legislature in as proper manner as we could. la
As lar as the prtfecuco.uf tho I+cg Mature in this
city is concerned, they came on a dcsiro of tuoir it
own to examine tor themselves, that ihdy might tl
troll understand whaHlieir duty is in this trying a
hour. 1 knew naught .of thetc comite
myself uatil 1 /roceived. ~a tclcgraui tl
last night, about 9 o’clock, they were to be here u
this morning, itwas of their own motion, and r.
wo ought to be very thankful to incm that tbe> tl
have so kindly considered the distress of this tr
people. Tlio report I have to mnko is nearly tl
made up of suggestions os to what we thought b
was beat to be done. These suggestions have d
been very carefully considered by men f
in the law—Judge Beckwub, Mr. Hitchcock, and ti
Mr. Fuller, who are onTbo’cowßdtw Ow
desire was to make suoh suggestions ns would o
not place the Legislature in tbeir action athwart 1.
;ho constitution of tho bta£c, but to l cC P whwll
action as noarly ns poiiiblo witl.m tho bounds
«if that instrument, aufi, at tho same time, to ,a
give us tiiat relief which reasonably and prop- .11
trlv. under tho constUuti* n. the .circumstance*
seem to demand. I will read the report, and d
then, with the psrmirsmn of tho Chairman aud tl
the members of tho Legislature, make such ic- u
marks cs seem proper, iu couneciioa svuh iL
if <ru.c=. o -acor. t, ie can£
and its revenues 1»b Uiscbarged. nnd lliee{iy.l><> reim
bursed tbs amount extended tn decpehlng tl»»-can*l fl
and iiitcrusl tliereuu, a? pruVi-U-J by the bill Intro.
dttced t*V tUo Hun. .latiua I*. Hoot. Willi fin am.'uu-
mein that Si.«uo.(»x)uf tin* •‘aid Mini be paid durnie
vtm pr»f«ul ti’Cal y»*r by Auditor’* warrants u« Hi.- n
elate Treasury, and Dial lax Ih> levW Ulerofor.
Thai sl,o*',oh* be paid i-ul of tfio pji'C-« ls 01 llie
lax levy of tho next Ibeal year. aUd the b.ilalicfl out
of tin* proceeds of iho following fiscal year; and
that the Auditor draw warr-ui'a Uierrfor; Olid that
Iho money *0 acquired bo applied Iu i-reClilifi bridge*
and water works and Mich public hulloiues ami
struct 111 ss a* hav* Ji« 11 destroyed by fire. 1
That iho annul iho proictit a**os«ni''!it I
'or city, town, out countv taxes; that a new m.**-**. 1
umnt mid levy be authorlzsl lor the payment <>f th-
nec*.-s*ary cxih-iiscs of Mill city, luwu, auu county, i
and tho interest on their dcbti. such ussossro-nl n* 1
be Elude upon urK-ralnalttiy Of Urn property liable I
lo taxation within Mid city and county.
That Hi* LugUUtur« I* request*! to provfdo that
the residence of voters riiall'not bo lost by r«-.»?on ol
having been driven from iln-ir rmldcncc by tiro,
and that power b« couforr*! upon the proper r
authorities to provide registers and Judge* of Kb-c* _
lion In.prcclugUju which thonsoards have been d«*
alroycdtyftm. J
That tbe Leglflftlurobe rfquesteil to tempo
rarily tlm c.Uaige and expense of the ftiy UfideuclJ,
Iteiorra School. County I’oor Ucusa, Insane Anylmn, t
and City ilospital. t
That tho Legl*)*turo pas? a joint resolnl-on »u-
Uionxlng thu Governor to desiguale seven pirsons-tol
iurestigatoand recouimeud to ibo Kovutnbjr session j
of this Ueroral Assembly what Ingi-ipiliou is nece*. J
Sdty to luruish cvidericß of title to l-iutf* In Look
Omntv. J,
Thai the Auditor draw hU warmnls on the TtvftS* 1
ur> for >A*>o.u;i, from time to ntm-. anJ to ilellv'r tnr 1
same to the city of Chicago, to applied to tho in-
ture support of the I’clico aud >Tro Departomuts of
ih-city.
Tho CimuM.ty.' Thequcalloais oa tho adop
tion of the report.
Senator Lotus. 1 b*x your pardon, tiy, for
these suvgesjiaur. There may be many other
thine?. M’o found io examining theeon’titu-
lion that there aro certain -restrictions thrown
around tho Legislature. And wo do m>t ask
them, as I said, to break tho barrier that
..tainlj between them nnd the distress ot the pe<>- i
I'le. but to do ihnt within the perview of that
itisiruincDUhatcan properly bo done, V{u Imre
atkcl for tho {hat the legislature
is authorised 11 nppropfiatc under
tion. IV c parncsei for wbic.i it ts
10 bo used, as'that will tend to greatly relieve
the city in its present condition. 1 know
nothing about it, bu: 1 pruume that there)
is not much money to* carry oft the;
city govcrumonl. This will tend to
assist very materially in that particular. l
.la Iho other pur»iculnr the refunding of thu
amount will aid tho city and county iu rebuild-'
iog their bridges that have bocn burned, repair
ing the streets atid hijrhbnyc; and ‘erecting such
public buildings *3 nfc abiololely necessary for t
the purpose of Iransac/vne tuc business of the j
county, ibo business of. iho biqtc that is to be 1
transacted in tho* city, and tho bosincs* of tbe
city. F-r these purposes wo thought that this
legislation wuu.d bo proper. Man who have
examined it carefully think U is such legislation
us is certainly w>lh»n the limits and provisions ol
the constitution..in rcleicuco io such ether
1 charities as may be bestow cdtiy way ot icliei, as
1 a matter 0/ course this pcuplo would be glad t
-1 accept theta, they aceiu a condition now that j
1 few. people ever were, and they deserve not!
1 only tho sympathy of the wh lo land,]
i ot the whule eivilixid world, but they J
1 deservo the arm of iegislatmn to bo extended
I over them for Pioieciion. You gentlemen have I
I come here this mornin; for tho purpose of k>ok-}
ir.g at tbe tho city as tl is, and to ace the desola-1
1 ti-.n. There silvnt, dim monuments that this’
fiery demon bus 101 l standing bore appeal more
strongly to you tunn I can in calling for that
I which ycu should do fnf ttlib people. It issued
i desolation and Uc# r,Qc;ton -as ,iho. World ha>
l never seen bCf- rc. YoUmst ekatnluc tbo history
I of the fire of L-iudon', ibe UesirfictisK ol Dalmyra,,
I nnd ol Boefipeiu and t.l allTho civat destructions
nod calamities that have botall«n cities botore,
nut none of them will compare in extent with
this calamity tout has bcffilb-n the cityolChlcag.i. I
1 Tha arm ot this calamity, in striking down
UccLy of Chicago, struck a blovralthe whole
5 nation. This calamity—a. nat\onal
oalauity.* The clmy of t|ir. Btatc has booo'dc
tlroycd py tuts deiuc-n' fire, aud i$ is, vr should
be, the pridfrox this itato maid in restoring its
f beauty. and groudeur; and glory as ft stood here
ror tho »vorld t gate upon belerc. lApplause,]
j As was said “by my tficfid. Mr.:
j Uoyes, -tbo bualacu ot th« City 'is
in a grant' measure destroyed. The great
}'wealth ot iqo f»r as basing* it cen- i
3 !earned, has been nearly degtrfiyi-J... X boporh©-,
3 j insurance pompanici Will bo obld to pty every
9 j dollar, I nave nought to ray about that.-for 1:
9 have no knowledge “t the subject, I hope iho.i
3 banks, in a short time, will bo able to pay ail.
their dopusiis. 1 cannot say aught about,
j j that, ns I have .no knowledge, ex-
3 ccpt this: I'Xavq ceed" ua banker j
91 ot ih«3 csiy who docs imt say, Give;
9 roe little time au-l every dollar 8bn(l bo re-
l» paid-” [Appmuso.] I have sccn 'no business
q tuau in tuts city who has been burned out that
0 dues not say, “AH I want,is a Jiitla lime, Al-
U tbouga Tiny” *firo has destroyed U'T
y property, it not destroyed u>y
0 will and my energy, and Chicago*shall again. I
0 pbwuix-like, rise froui its nshts.*’ lAp- 1
0 1 plausc.j No such.cncrgy is found anywhere as is
0 found m this ci'y; No such determination #nj
U will is fund tnywhsrc as apjong this people.
even though laboring under sU£h r
A circumstanctg «3 these.' I
OenUsraen, I vulnesscd thst icena. Miavc
witnessed scenes *dl horror before,. m »ry
u them, a great many of them, where men wept,:
where they groaned, and where they died; but
0 no such scene as this have I ever wunrs.-cd be-,
fore, aud Godf*>rbid lhat 1 evw shall >-un. U\
0 youc.mld have seen the w..meii and vhlldrrn.,
5 t*io eld men. tho detrepsd and aged, ficeing;
0 Worn lh«o name*, nud see tho name* i
2 le»vta* across «ke river »»i; lr.-»
2 ..no block w onolhcr. ooi past Mock-, r.n.l re
(amine croin. nnd ui.kins Iho oltock for the
piVreso u! UMlrorlnr oil (ho: before thetrs.
soar hearts won d hare me tod from cur. .No
0 2...... Uko them. Th.g besom crdesiruction
j/jw.oou
Gj.roo
yoor heaths
Army was like them.
soar hearts a nave uituu 1 nu.u »*uj.
«ay was like them. Th* l*som c.rdesiructmn
‘mil o/er the cjly with a fury that uu man can
paint or tdeture, and* tu* t ngyo can dcscnlie.
Ko iioniblu liWtiiiUoo of b tiycn li)
mao. Icarooothow ho way be. u.
what bis power* of dcfcripu<m niay bl? bo ha*
not the power to dc?c ibo V I C^
here during Ihw fire, and the distress *lh« T>»l
1 uiyaetf witnessed thoßiaoili Pa«]>l«
Uinc upon th? ground without covering, and
without a bite of food ini flat. laor« tfo .tnou
jauds to-day that aiP*nfferh;g. bat. think uod,
tho mai-'ritr of tUeia **A T o<b«ea ahc.tend;
As tr.ir vaiQ -by a J fri«od V s
tiicrc is t6‘. h &a«,‘ woman,, or cailu
101 l in ibis city that has a bouw- cr a bito
of bread bat "bat w willing to aivvlo tho tool
and tho broad with these po-.r sufferers. [Ap~
rlauie.l Our houses were opened, and they are
hill or nearly so; were Uiey.larfet moiewould
bo aided a» far ns. tho 1 tailed
means if tho people sMq»4 permit* .1 do .not
men lion ihc« things to wot.; upon yonr sympa
thies. The biitt whoso breast u» not tuil of sym
pathy for a distressed.people woolnxoodman
lo legislate for any community. I would not ay
peal to the sympathies of any min t;.nt would
causs him to pass bcyondJha.,bulwark ,tbar>s
thrown arou.nl fatm. nor lo Mo trjaryto b;s c»n
teiencu or constituents. I wauld not ask
him to do that’, but in Cod*
name let sympathy move the hearts and minds
of these gentlemen lo do that which the hour
•nd their duty c.V Ron them to do as men and
legislators. lApr «.l That is what they
should rt**. TnoC v.t,'iff thcLnited jstax*»
baa aided suffjrers .a iltawof ilmrvsj twiere:
Legislatures have doncic; there is cn reason why
they should not do it uutr. There are thousands
of reasons lor its bine done now that ore
stronger than any which hare ever boro pre
sented before, because the distrusts greater.
Any suggestions that thlscommiUechasto make
will be listened to with nlofeuro. lam glad it
has been organised, and our committee would
be glad to meet and confer. writi* them, and
see what is best lo Bs duno. U ’'that
wq have luggaied is proper, let it bo
23U.0J0
-T.UOO
iio.OOO
-‘.‘.000
A. Lagan.
done. If there is anythin* else that i oil
i< I’r -por we will certainly eo-opcrato in doing i cir
it for (be ben/fit of- these suffering pcople,,and:'kpn
at any lime, wovrill go to Springfield if oobessa- I coi
ry,and talk and consult with your- not.that we aoi
ca-i advise the Legislature, bnt.tbai we mav aid I cr;
them Id coming le n conclusion in reference to j hi
matters that they may possibly know nothing cal
about. There may ho many lbiug« here that yotrj th
cannot understand byaflyingvisitliko this;-and i th
if any ot tho citizens that nre well disposed do* lull
sire auythiog but what is right. and ask you to
do anytaing that Is wroeg, If they, can aid you;
In any way in coming to a conclusion, they i
should confer with you in my judgment at least. i
In ordor that we may all do that which wo think
is right and proper under the circumstances to
bedono.
Air. Hayersa|d ho'accapljd funeral Login’s
kind iiiTitotloktdjcc-ftpcrate with -his commit-
tee. -As regarded the paper’ presented, ho di
,bad nob examined it oorofully.'butithpre, Tfere
'pne.otfftropoipts ho tr«uld bo glad c#re
folly considered; lie hoped tbo General Assent-.
r bly, before adjourning, would (to.all theyicould... c j
aoa'hefclt"’assured General Logan's remarks-
had touched the hearts nf its members. They*.
had tho-moa, who had. built .the city, and they P
could rebuild it if they could tret assistance from l
the General-Assembly; and ho hoped it irouljfcbc
granted oh a magnanimous scale. done.
tins’jmopls of Chicago would takoir new- march. u
j\nd achicvo the rebuilding.of „tha city, but they Ij
unnt’haVe support, and they’looked to the Ij.*u-.l
er»l Assembly,- acting’,within its constitutional ;*J
power#, for it.' They notic'd there would be no I
.ccoliniftaluieshod no cavilling. i n
Jjic committee hod spoken aooutjnbaUuiug i.
the pnblic buildlngsAc.*. by money aftirhprtatcd i ll
by :{hp f O}ocr«d Assembly, Ilio ihoughtithose 1 a
public works should be put in operation at on;e, r 5
otidtho Court IToute sTiould bo rebuilt prdoftely t h
where it was. before the fire. .Tbo Common p
(Junncil-had I nnanimousty «d r4folveS;aad bo
thought the report should, iuenti.wi.it; ri t;’ ;J
j Senator 'Log \h said bU committca was not. c
aware wCiL Besides,-tboy had gone into node- j
1 1, tads on tho subject.;. v
1- 'Mr; Hayes then spoke in referenee tothe sng-
genian that the State.take :posse»stoa of their t
public'instltutions. lie
ble policy* "JPuoy were impoverished amlTsw 6 i
truted. but-they bad not lost their manhood..; [j
e '-Sjdator Fuller wanted’ to know if be under- f j
r stood Mr. Hayes to say that ho did not wanribe
stood Mr. Hayes to say that ho did not waurine e
State to assume tho responsibility of looking at-
ter themsano, etc. l ii
Mr. Hayes said ho wantpl lb? State .to .make 11
•an appropriation, bat the machinery! govern- p
uiwitataa still hero. They; had trtaned .officecs. h
and employer, and it was due to them tout. tae 11
city should retain central of those- institutions i
Senator wanted to know c
Uayea'hrfd afiy ot'jcclion to tho status taking t g
charge ot tho Insane Asylum. i”
'Mr. UayeaTiad not. But if tuc Legislature p
had aright to oppropnale money .to build a c
bridge in Chicago, why had not they tae right to
appropriate money corrx on a Hr»ajwell-pt i
jrhicb tho State retailed ft® control.
1-aenaUrLogftO.siid A|r. JUycs had ootnncler-
stoodth©report.; 'i'ftardid not askJheiLeguia-
mooeStio rcoaiid tho Court
House, etc., but to payback the money which
the ciiy had advanced to deepen* the canal, mid
wnichby law it bed arigbt'tudo when it pleased.
lie would only suggest to the Legislaiure .that
Hbry specify tuc purposor for which lho k teoney,
tbui.repaid.coaU boused. j
•Mr: llaj'cs replied tbaUfCorercss were in scs
sion he would prefer to have them take the c:*na»
and make it a grand national wjrk.-:i»d*
ho think .it would ba- acoepta* j
bio tho' putpla of 'Chicago «o have
the control of their, institutions taken out ol
■iheirTiands. Taecmstituivd anth->riti«s w tn.e.
city nnd could take chargtn nf.tnem.
.Cafcsso.had dcinojistraLuil, during, tu.o fire, u«r,
I ’ab'iHty foment exigencies.
/Thts-Uotf. Mr. Richardß'-.n,of Adams.sMdfhat.
as a- K’-*pre-'*eptaiive of that c.'unty<ho rwonla
extend them all tho-aid.possibly within the
purview, of tho conatithtioh, so syon as he knew
wimt-was.-dcsircd, t'
Mj.~- Og'intx a few-remarkn urginr J inc
3 necessity fur unity ol *OllOO, and ri building t.ic
public buildincrnn the old grouniL
MrV Tuley. the Couioralioo Counsol.iiatcd to
I the members tbaVwTioa they reached
field they would find a committee appoitired'D)*
li.o Mayor, t<r. rapresant the ajTporatwm and
Ti which was composed.o£-M*»»rs Otiudv.-^lrttcn*
c..ck, and il. \l'. Fuller, and himself or General
SutccifsTlmoily w.ucreaiod by the
f uniTiiow.cxpccted to go to it«usd child to Ur
L father, aad'WfTfhai
s .senator X'ttllrr made fowr remark?,
r to tnd terrible‘distress caused by the fire, and
t the willingness ot the (Jjaerul Assembly to do
g allitcouldtar9liovo.it. v--
e The Uon. Fuller satd the qnes' ion boP*rc
II ihocommittoe was.’.Whut abpnlil.tbey nsk that
e tbo-’Gsncral Assimlily cdnld-kranl? Tb'-jr had
J read the conslitatwn carefully end bcUcred au
y the things naked in tho‘report. The records o:
is every court are destroyed/ as well a» luo call far
y tho November ejection. Thoclectian l.iws*must
t bo modified lor the'people living in tbepucuu
e might resume their canal,
d and they wanted that done. Their pub.ic insti
d tutik ns wyrd disorganised,.nnd th*y naniod thn
r Sente to-takc charge AH those things
d could bo cohstituii'inally dbnc, rind il tho Legis
•t laturo.wpold ua £boia, their-own -energy would
ir bring them out of Lbeprcsool di>oster.
Is The Hov. Hr. Ha*tlyif jpoko brirfix*, urging the
0 .accresiiy'tor speedy'aotion, ia view of the dia
r
Tuo'Hon. Mr. Judd said that the committee
d did not desire any. expression of opinion as t»
d their report, lie hoped thnt measures would be
5- taken to furnish the poor with work-
L Mr. .Tud(J m <vcd that tho report, find all other
papers on Ibo'saiuo subject, by referred to the
d General Asicutbly.
General Logiuj *a|d that was net n report, but
Mioplr suggestions f.r the consideration ui tuc
L^rlslttiuro.
1-’ Mr. Judd’s .motion was--agreed -to and the
XHE CUVBCUJBS.
Sermons Yesterday by Eev. E.
Laird Collier, Eov. W. S.
Eydor, and other
Clergy men,
Jt. X.alnl Collirr.
Rev* K.. Laird ‘ColUor yoAtor-lny moruiog
woaohed at the Cbureli of tho Messiah £0 a oon
rrcgalloft that completely overflowed the edifice,
fhcfollowing is an alu:raot of his remarks:
I bavo-boun bnsy In a more .sacred ministry
than arranging previse nnl caro.ul
though” Isiorthisoccasion— togeth
er this mi.rningsnch rcllectiona ns have cotuo to
me. I thank God qor church ’suli stanvb
and hope }t rfil 1 morally stand Inr fuor* »j, a
ov»»r hojiixe. rv* f
n.oi a litrlc speculation about the
01 r r.gmticanre of our great calamity, and
men who meant better have unwittingly accinnj
God of a great wickedness when tiioy have iu
timated that it was ajudgmeut of Heaven bi-
tho unqodliues uf our. city. 1
1. of nil, judgments oflluaven aro. never I
retrospective, but always prospective—that-U
--they are never of tho backward clone-* but nl-!
way? of tho forward. This calamity, as all cal-i
amities, has* a moaning, and its purpo-c u t
work out God's u'Kjlinnsme will and ,benclit’ent i
design. The individual ami t-mnoran*- «ood or t
\T that m-y c .me ot ii wilfviopeml wholly upon
the spirit with wbirb wo secuiu it.
The chief cletiu-ut vhiblo loour oyes by which
tho tiro was bronghr nhuul was the great 1
drought— there bus nut occurred a ctfiat lallofl
rain for more than two years, aad tho whole re-'
cion D ss a tinJer-hoj. Uttr city of shanties
and sheds wo* in a fit conditiju lor tbcfminglej t
lories of flame and w.’ud.
As to tho uro boinc a judgment in tho sense of
apunshmcot from Hvavuu he?aqso of Jha siu
fulnrrs of people' remark:
“God’s wqy is otherwise. He disciplines with
out destroying, and builds up without rnlli ig
down, such punisbuient o*nrd possitilyfio
any good if it were only rmaived as a willful in- 1
flictb'u of the rod of Heaven.
A Then there was no reason why Chicago
should have example for tho rest
of tho world. Of course, wo were a people of 1
groat worldincss and si lllshnoss-oi great boast- 1
ing and parade: but. certainly, no city of the
Christian world has ever dunu more, according
to its means, fur schools, churches/ and chari
ties.
Xhepiorhavo been systematically-provided
for, atm frerly educated in scbo-l and church.
There have been from the first saintly a«u and
women whose cry has gone up to Ujd, ami he
has heard them.
X Thejndjatcnlis meant to look/ar/ninf, not
i-oofrirom.
hive chiefly magnified the right; of indi
viduals rather xuuu ol aociuty. We have been
shneking'v short-sighted in ‘,ho buuadaries ol
<>ur fire limits,-to permitting s» many or anv
wooden huildii-ts* wilittn too limits of (ho city’,
am! to-day. the lire limits- should he the ci:y
limits.
Wo have giyep /nil sway lo drinking, gam
bling and licentious house?, and hav- by our
moral laxity invited to tha city and harbored in
it a criminal popul nion almf.?; equal to that 61
London, which is tho worst oa luo faca uftuo
earth.
'Vo hare thus done less to reform this very
papalatiou when in our p-w.nhau aluiustany
other city. Our BiiJewtll acd jiil hero cried
aloud to Heaven Whelp and redrv??.
We have had tho experience of tho whole
world hack of us. and. yet in building a great
city and'Centro of civilization, we have given'
the work into the hand, ot greedy real »state
speculators and have selfishly uxea care of *.ur
own concerns.
Wo have drifted/ton, jnf> the hand* of a set of
tricky poUiioians, the spirit of which is illustrated
by uqr present City Council, and the only rocog-
nixed aristoerncy of tho city is a set of Ignorant
and recently rich social aad ssqbs. 1
Nmv. I say tbe judgment of ou> calamity i« to
teach us lo cure ovil?. Wo must learn,
sh«rilv* ccauoaiy' tn our a&4. has*ne»s
maaagcmmt. no* hoping to see again
such elegant residences and buxines? blocks. I
certainly never desire 10. Europe kuoas better
than wu in these matter?. Let c*ur civic build-
iocs and monuments, our school bailVUcrsaitd
ehurcajs, our public libraries in caoh section of
the city, ourcollrgci of Tho learned, profession,
bo grand and izqprassivc as may bo. In tticso we
cm illustrate oar genius for beauty and sacri
fice. Whefi our business and domestic expenses
are less we can have marc to g.vc ta tho public
uses,
Wbat is Jolt»
1. Our hoa>c«. Thousands of families are
housolcfs ami penai^s
2. Our hasioess. T'»i* U temporary.
ii. Gut money. This is a great misiununc, but
onu which we can repair.
We have not 1
1. Our Geography. Nature called the la!c»s,
the forest', me prairies logathc; in o-avention 1
lons before we were born, nnd
1 thiy dreided that on this s;K>t
a great city should bo built—tho railroads
out| vnergatic men have aided to fulfil the
prophecy.
2. Wo hnvo not lost .our men—noble, goncr
011*. an i ofgciuu?.
2, We nave not lost our hupo. This city U t<>
be at orco rebuilt, und tni? g.oiy.gf the Jautr
fiuuso saaU bf (nralertban tnat of the former,
(‘urduty—i, SVo are in tho poetry ol the fire
l as ye*. Th re is a dreamy, h..ay ruzuatica about
it. Stern reality will ti-nic to us more and
mure- all winter. Tho temptation will be
1 to greater selfishness on tho nirt of Ib-sjtrbo
1.-... .1!.. .I.A v- I
cent wiia too needy. Ku>.-p counts* up and giro
i t«> other.*. Our churches inujt go on, and, in i
f liu-m wo mast woik as never beiury, c
I" Uod is oo our sido, at-d ha.-, left us something P
to do, something id bone ter. sourathiug 10 love.

I llev.-Dr. Kydcr,
Notwithstanding the fact that several oi fho j
more prominent churches had be* a destroyed,
the attend.inoe at thosewbicii remained us. very.
1 large. At St. Pool*? lUnivcrsali*;) Church
»the corner of Wabash avenue and Van Rarer*
I street, instead of the beautiful cd.fice ol a week' 1 P
1 ago. \t i« found only a heap of rulus. Ihisdid i.
nut prevent tho congregation from gathering j.* l
i together, and a huge concourse was present when
T Iho pastcr, Kov. Dr. Byder. made sumo cheering
remarks t his parishioners who worogafbered I
in front of thcrujns.- .Ks-lijvcranr Douoae, ol« 11
Connecticut, was also present*aod' spi’fi'c- Tor
souio tnomcuii to the gathering. This example
J whk pretty goti< rally fdlowyl by all the South
Side cbmctcj. Souie of the i>astoishad rrci>nicd i
regular sermons, and iu •eome tho reliol w<>rk; 2
occupied the space and attcutluu n;uatly given
up to Jiviuc service. i
St. Jaiurti* i'hr.rtli. {J,
At the mins «>f St- J.nnos* Churrii {Episeopal).
corner Cass ned Huron siracis, nil tho old:
members oLlbc CJi Sfig.lioa-ljßtomd t-rserrico
by the root r, llcv. liugh Jltilcr Xh< ujp.*on, I
undcrihe wul:#. Afl«r t-so ttsu:*t *i frico^tho 1 1
cougregitiun resolved that tho e.iurch should be
rebudi. Tho rector mado few r.nn.rks. incul- 1
eating courage and Ii m-ciulihs.. Xno cotigrv*-. 11
gaiiou organlit-d. nnd to temporarily i t
repair theedifhu fjrs.rviccs during tho. winter.. s
A committee, eomstuig ol tho rector, the ward- t
rns, IluQ. I- N. Arnold, If. Ogden, i
1 Sholiioo, rd
other*, was Appointed to issuo n
I 1 circular announcing IUaL-the.church was not too
.proud to receive aid In rcbatfilihß-tho first Epis
copal c lilice erected in. Chicago. The attend-
ance at the service* was very large. and the gen-
I oral intention was expressed to rebuild-thnr
j him*-* the old site. Thousand! will be inter
ested in learning that the monument erected to
j the soldiers killed In the; late. war. ha*„ passed.
i through the storm offiro without borne malerr-
I ally injured, as also the bronie tablet.
i
1 THE sorTii mviszox.
f
Good Order Maintained by Lieutenant
General Shoridan—Relief Matters.
The South Side for the last twodaya has been I
1 decidedly; the mostTromismgpertionpfthe city, t
•The magnificent residence portion of the city
left uaburned b&sbeen rapidly turned into the
city of tho ‘present.'.’and tho city of
the past-ha« shown encouraging signs ■ol recn-"
tperalion. Sufficient time bas now elapsed to en- 1
i 1 able Ib-j houseless,firms to get into ncw.quartcrs. 1
and-tho result bas-liecri* that about every second
j boaso lias’ hung-- out a th°
largo firms of tho past arp getting into tern*
t porary offices with what slock remained to them..
i The banks have taken tho load and are now
I nearly all situated within a radius of ten lilocks
J from tho corner of Harrison street ami IVnbash
ejavouae. It is perhajw the most encouraging
‘‘sign forfho fuluro that nearly every' mercantile
r house iu the city has hungoat its sign and pur
o po-e-* to do what it can in tho way or busmess.
0 I On yx-sterday tho crowd of sightseers, which
i has bem very largo every day sinco tho fire, in-
that extent that passage was almps
l impossible, "i'ho omnibus ana car; Tine?; bothol
which have resumed nearly all their routes, bad
moro business'than they could, fairly transact,
r and at 'no time tor years has there been so
llireo a crowd in the streets .as on
6 i yiutcrday. Men. women, and children crowded
I the street*, and vied with each other f->r a chance
I:b get run over by the numerous hacks and
I efiuipaue# which crowded the streets.'
>*l Tho relief work, tho most important element
i in the city’s welfare at present, has not been in
j torrumed at all. nnd will not be discontinued at
i* I present. One of the worstfeatorcs of tfae’work
s t has been, nnd mu*t c mtinue to be, tho thievish
1 tendency of panics who wish to prosti
into tho noble charity ol she Amcri
v« 1 can i po»plo to the 'purpwes of
>g I gain. There can be no donbt that, many of the
i applicants lor aid are not only not deserving of
ro resistance, but should be punished lor their in
a gratitude. The delivery of tho whole relief bus
t« 1 in»*ss to the Cnicago lliliof and Aid Society has
ot given creat snti.‘l icti'in. and the feeling is gcu
i (oral that toe work will'bo wcU'dono and the
r- j munificent gifts worthily distributed,
a- Tho work of maintaining; order has been the
trihbMt m.nirtg’d ol any in tho*city, and under the
ch control of General Sheridan there can bo no
nd 1 i'iuot that each citizen' may feel perfectly .safe
d. lin hi* house and person. Taken OS a whole, ibv
at oatlo?k is encouraging.
*’l
is-; A.V\or.\CEMUXTS.
th
S. I. Unwell has contracted to rebuild the ~e
Illinois Centra! freight dopoton iu old site. The M
Tall? now standing will bo Hied, and the roof t U
»ill be put on in ten days or two week?. Tbe'
vuililins will be {"O' feet lone and 65 foot wide,
fho first load of lumber was landed on Saturday
last.
—Dr. McArthur is requested' to call at 175 w
West VwishinKton street.'
—Woaro requested by screr.nl of the Insurance
companies who nro preparing to par all’.losses M
iu tuil, to urce upon all th-wo'wbo hare saved
any property drum the fire, to carefully invent- id
ory said property, and preserve it from further 0
daman'*; Th* inventories, whed x&adc, should
bo loft nt Iho insurance offices, ’t.
—•Colonel J. H.AVoOd hasjmrchascd the Globe
Theatre on Dusplaincs street, and will nt once lit in
it up and opon with his dramatic company tr»m 37
die Into Museum. Ho paid an enormous price
fur the loose of the property.
—J, W. Butler fc Co., paper dealers, have 1
opaned their safe, and find the contents in good
condition. p
—J.AV.Boan, of Morris, 111,, rficr?. fr-j, 0
rent, to tho merchants of Chicago wh' ave suf
iored by the room ii»iotvn as Streeter’s
Hall, tti Morr.s. teol, w*jU-lishtcd and easy
ui aero*?, and suited to almost any manufactur
ing business in whio'i steam power U required. t
House rent and other expenses ot living, arc
low. Distance, sixty miles from Chicago, on the
•Rook Island it Pacific Railroad. Capital can v
ibo raised there la assist worthy men. t
—The course of instruction of tho Chicago Col*
lego'of Pharmacy^-interrupted by the tire, will
be resumed to*d.iy at the MedicaT C-dlcce, our*
nerot Twonty-rsixlH street nod Pr-Virio nv«une.
—The nc.idqu irters of tho Qhioago FiroDo- 1
pariment is at the house of the 11. A. Williams, t
on West street.
—Professor Bradish, of the Academy of De
sign. saved several things .from.his own studio, 1 H
and with the aid 'of others a good many things I'
were preserved, including pictures and trunks. 1'
The latter were taken to BradicyV: livery stable,
on Harmon court. Two trunks, believed to be
long to some pf tho artists of tho academy, are os
yet unclaitncd. and may bo" foUud at Mr.
i Bradley's stable.
—Dr. W, li. Byford’s office is at‘No. 125
Twenty-second street, and liU residence at No. 1
iUB Cottage Gr^'’ o avenue. Bffico houre from 10 J
;t 1. Dr. C. W. Earlo is at the oorniT of Wood
I anil Lako'|creets. South Sjdq orders should be
felt nt Dr. liylon's office.
I —Tho general offices of the lllinoi? Central
Pi lilread Company uro at No. 010 -Michigan
j avenue.
b l Djrc’jo-i drag Btoro,
No. Ibo. Best Alailtlon street,
“Th®' piano taken from North LaSalle street,
hau a uloek north ol Division, may bo hoard of
at No. 71 v*t ink* street.
—Gustav C. K. Weber. Dean of tho medical
department of Wooster University. Nt Cleve
land,.desires ns 10 announce that free tuition
will be extended by that lustiUitiou to all modi- 1
cal students injured by the fire.
—J. 11. McVickvr requests that tho managers 1
of. places 01. amusement him at tho 1
Briggs J(oii-o,' corner of Canal and MadUon 1
jlrcjts, at U o'clock to-day. Ho also requests
all prof.-pionala. and those employed at the
places of amusement, to ropfwtntoncato their
respective managers, stating their loss and pr*.a-
cot want?,
—The Hornes liouie, eorncrofCan.il oed Uan
uolp.i is ono nf tho best things saved,
it i-S ot course, dome a flourishing hurlncss.
Norton t'n., Nos. 5 and 7 West Madison
s roei,.wgat to hiro twenty good coopers, with
cl their mills nt Backport.
—Apollo Lodge clTirsiis bull. No. llMSSlate
direct, for tho use of all Masonic bodies that
have b-.-cn burned nut.
Gustnvus Goaiy his gone to Now Verb to
give a concert fur the benefit of the Chicago
sufferer?. j
—All Mason* in distress should apply to the
Masonic Headquarters in tho Masonic Temple,
j corner of UandulpU and Jlalsicd street».
L —The homo* ipatbic physicians of tho oily will
airet-thirevening* nl tho rosidoncu of Dr. K.
Ludlatc, No. 5iV. Wubxsli avenue.-for the dis*
mbutioii oi aid to those of the craft why lost by
(tiro.
t —There is still room for tho filek and-rniureil
■at the hospital of.the Sisters bt -Mercy, No. 255
(.Mantel avenue.. a t" i
i lvor girls. '‘Apply r.t tho La
.dies I irisii.in I nion. headquarters at the
Lheventu I rcsU>tcnan Church.‘ earner ol Jack
fsuu and Peon t Mreot;.
—A myctiog of tho DJrcofors’of thso ‘W.'ifblnc
t ton Home >flll bo holiDdt tho.TJomo.'this oven*
;jng. 1 --V.. 4
l ‘i CF Tr H.issctt, D irr. IVyman, (txdsd< n and
M agents of tho ‘.Tit 11 Ik" Inßurar.be
hexun p;vvi«gWte*r Bar; At*'
leu *V Co., wholesale gr»>cers, hnvo n!rca«iy vo
ce. ved SIU.OOO from the -l.fnn, nml a like atn' #it
In.m tile PhOMix. Jt is claimed that tho .Tsinn
I lo.<<cS'will ni-t exceed Sd.OM.OOU. which uiit bo
acj isitd and .paid as fait ns posaiblc.
I —A trunk marked K. C. Ko«, is at tho house
ol feol, Snnnii. fsu. 41C*Wabash avenue.
I —ilo.«po*isiblo cili- ns. »f Denver, C 01... tele
-1 graph to M. C. M. Prnlt. No. 33 Canal etrec:.
j that they will pay SCO.Io S3O per mouth to' ter
vant girls,
—Ail pr.-cliiing phasicians .who have been
1 v the .hie ara. invited lo call on
Haris. lictwc-n Sand 9a. iu., aadG'»
uu ‘*..i l ca P*.u}» at Ko. avenue.
ibo CJiicaeo Coko C-*aipariy'
?A V “.j r)CnU ,i ‘heir offico on tho vaoint lot Nos.
uud 111 Wabash mvenoc, adjoining Sul,
i s houea;- They esp-ot tp supply the South-
I ftule m ten aays. t
I ~T|*« OjostMTusUc hat canslgned to ,T. R.
MVals.i. No. JoS West Randolph street, a quan
I stamps and stamped envelopes. "Tho
pubjio cnn‘lh<*re ac/oin'modxtcd.
1 —TbcDoaidot Hfucotibn request till teachers
wno have not yet reported themselves to d» so
immediately at No. K1 West Rindn'ph street:
luo bupormtendcat will ho. in bis office from IP
im. to :i p, m.
r..”A v.ry valuable piiturt*.- ’tho’sufcjcot h?lp|r
1 the Nativity of our Lord, is hcHe\«d to be in tlie
j hands of s>mw person In the city. Anyone hav*
*ng infurmati m cuna'roing it.iwiU plouo
P >rt it to UlO owner, Dr. Rj'd-’r, at No- IC7 South
.tjangaiaon.
l‘bc il-publsc Inscranco Cotnpanv hopes lo
i icoceuny it* nrctuiscs within eixty days. .Men
have already been set lo work to clear.atray tho
i ruioa. J 1
i 1
LATEST TBlXtAtAruio S.UYICHS.
(A tew feature-of the rofbrftrmSvomcnt"’ in
New York is lht>i orifanixatioft"vJt KlYoung
Men's Reform Association. Ex-Judge C-'a*«cU
■has been dcctol President. ‘These'ref-.-rmers
comprise tho best young men in the oily, who arc
enthusiastic in tho caus?. Tho committee of
j seventy aro discussing the best means ot obtain
sc? an honest count at ihe next e’.ecilm.
—An inspector Has been appointed for the
•I Siayvcssiint R ink. New York city, whicu has
breti compelled tatuspend.'.
—Tuc.New York Papers are publiibing ac
i counts of tho Chicago fire, given by residents
lot this city. Tho says that tbe cheerful
1 spirit and <»ravc words i-l Tub Curcano Tribc.vr
1 are heartily endorsed by ibo whom country t
that it ill lolly to deny that tno consequences ere
1 very serious, hut tbutthe Swiltnrjs.audjpJcuttor
fw'iih wbieh sbo will bis rebuilt, will be one uf the
wonders of the w*«rld.
I —The Now York city papers* nre asking that
k some •irgnniz-.’d effort bo set oa fuat to help «af
j ferer* byihc fire in Miebupp,. r.•
K car- loads of to.G.' -sweet potalncs,
11 mr, clathing, iV<r>A>9 on ihtir wayfromFort
iaeoit. Kaii,
Tim ca?b suWoriplions in St. Louis fo aid oi
i-tbpfiaffercuby the Caicago firJnowauivuat'to
j Tho London Ttw* ofSilurlny. stales lh.it tho
Lord M ayor had received Xl7AH>j sterling os tho
r-suU ot iwqjl*r* <ub-crlp;to**s to'the'OiircTg f
li .-lief fufl(l t!ial lis s have lieou oponod ffir can-
irtbutious in Birminghnni. Bradfard, Hanley,
.land otlwr towns in tho iuaaufac:ur»ur districts.
t- Tiib Tt*n* of the abov- data U.is a leader ic
viewing the'Chie.ts-i cjnfligrwi >n aal lae groat'
Urea now ravishing the Nortlnnst* and «d
vising prompt acti by tho sitqto uataoiivic^- n
i .-up|ire‘-iog ibo'nttcuipt?i4>'jlak iisn idvasirt, ~f
Maniiobt-; It rims the Cjnbmsluo that Eng
m i and Kn£ii*bnv-‘n are.bcxyio. furtl-*sed^rj{h
very inevtmvc to airuvratd‘«hc.calaai»tit»* of ibo
I 'I mi. NearlyaUraßty.iy, «*xpro«ifkod steam-•
crimes Uav» ann*uuco.ithwt-'rcadin'tfss totfias~
f port CituribuUons, f
The Mlplilgisa Flres-Ziaiucuic Destruc
tion of I‘rojicrty.
The loss by tho Qro at Manistee* 1; estimated hi
,1 over SI.OUsdKW. and tho Insamnce dovs not
1 nninuui to null that ?mu. a groat part of it being
'ln Western companies. Filicon. hundred noopk
j!werc rend red li'itjiclvss. ATflr.nnfld. 3.C00 peo
.pio are hytacUs?., The cut-irn business portion.
f tbo l iwd dcstroj*cd,:only sizty bousfs.
1 iurludiug Hope C»1 ego, two charcbej. onoßehuoi
nousc. aml one Hour mill being Bit standing,
i tiio people mo suffering from a want of provis
i «ns,.clothing auu shelter. Xho tiro completed
:-»tg workiu less than two hours tram.the time it,
I entered town, fitty-live storesi font churchc.*,
thrjo nenfpjj.cr offic.s. hotels, c;c., heibg swept
&wny.
i At FsTmvllle. sixtccn miles W«l of AJleg.in,
several tmildicg* wero barued-.
Grazlschop. a villrgo between Sangaluck and
i Uollacd, ai iienrly destroyed.
Fires owntunw. at litcst advices, throujhnul
j thetjagipaw Valley, in Allegan counts', and in j
i many other localities.
i CUlngo Printers’ Union.
Mr. Alfred Barron. Fund Trustee of lha New
V York Typ grapuical Union, arrived In tho city
ye.-t rd'iy wi:h in currency tor"tho relief
l of tho Cbioig i Unt;*n Fnntcrs. By resolution
I tho New York U-ion proutistd more funds
i whon wauled, 'ih-ciapc s'oMliu 'World office
sent STG and tin J'vms d! 27, in addition to the
a f ovo 52.000. Qumvytlll.) Union alsodelivered
'{lol yesterday to Mr. Mills, tho Chicago
Trc
INSURANCE.
LIVERPOOL
LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.
The 1035 c? by the great fire in this Com
pany, -which amount to about $3,000,000,
will' be paid immediately and in. full.
Kvery facility -will bo given to those
boldine policies under which losses have
been sustained in making proofs, for which
uniform blanks, will be supplied at the
office on Wednesday 118 th).
Authority having' been given to draw
on the head office in England for the foil
amount of theseidosscs. the iwsc s m this
country (amounting— to over $3,000,000)
will remain,.as before, in. the bonus ana
under 'control of the .American Board ol
Directors.
The business of Fire Insurance will be
continued as usual, and those who desire
to effect insurance on property will please
tail at the oQicc, as the Compiuy has no
solicitor.
WARREN, General Agent,
Qftice Ko. 5 West Madison-at.
ee take pleasure in publishing the
following letters from the President and
General Agents of the
franklin
r Of Philadelphia.
Omen or inn Feankun Fibe Insurance Co.
rUtLAOCLTUU. OCI. J2, li.l.
JIESSHS. DAVIS UK QUA. Agents, Chicago:
.1 wish, upon behalf of the Directors and f«Uo»-
nlflctrrs to tender our full sjrm patby for’your city in
its awful calamity and desolation. To tho assured
jnthe Frauklliu upon a satisfactory proof of loss
e T«ry claim will be paid with promptness. The com*
pasy will meet all her obligations to tho clUzcua of
Chicago in this, thetesore affliction, with integrity
ami hojbr. Yours respectfully.
ALFRED BAKER, President,
omft or TTir Featvkux Ixsrnasvr.'t
Coupasv or I’uit.wcx.rutA, J
J'tTTinl’RGli, Oct .-9, 1571. 3
rofcVVISiUEQUX:,
OfNTLEsrN: Tho great fire at Chicago will no
leubt wipeout maur of the companies doing Imsl.
ness lathe West: Wo hare gone over the business oi
the Franklin InVlucaco ami take great pleasure In
informing you that if she had lost every policy there
the payment in tyl would not absorb 70 per cent of
her The Krarklin, therefore, yet holds her
high plnceamoug the (Joae’al Agency CenipaultM of
the country ns tho one haring tho greatest surplus
above capital. Very respectfully.
CUFFIN .VKF.LLOGG. General Agents.
We art* assured by the General Agents of the Com
pany that at tho timo of tbo fire she hail cash assets
of over £1.233*000 and that after paying all her losses
she will mlllhavo over 53.71t.015.- That tho capital
of the Company Is fttM.no>, In* a surplus over capital
„f over f2,323,n0n. Sho will immediately pay hor
losses, without even dlstaibiiig her permanent in*
vestments.
Davis Rctjua are tho local agents ami aw cow.,
ing risks at their cilice, 3t15 Michigau-av. »m* 35 an ,i
37 South Can»J*st.
Wonro happy to publish <to following despatch
fiom the President of American Central laaor
auco Coiupa**- of >Sl> L(mJs
P o DAVIS .t KU QCA. Agent*:
We are prepared to pay all losses and not claim the
sixty days* credit In our poUcirs.»
GEORUU I’. PLANT, President.
George P. Plant is tho great Uourman of St. Louis.
Allot uur citizens are well acquainted with him.
Cuo company will lass about 4245,000, which they
will pty lmnnilfalely, ami leave their assets at about
*377,(loo’lntact. Davis A RtQua'nro their agents,
ami are covering risks at their oßjcm, 3.A Michigan*
av. and 33 ami 37 South Qanal*st.
The Imperial Insurance Com&sm* of London. Eng*
land, will have Its headquarters ami cover risks at
their ohlcc, 103 JlicUli-an-nv,
The above *7O prepared to pay their iosros immedi.
1 alflly upon tho adjustment of their claims.
C. H. CASE,
Xo. 65 South Caual-St.,
AO-ENTT POE
Insurance-Company of Norl’n America, of
Philadelphia,
Springfie\i i’ire and Marine Ins Co., of
Springfield, Mass.
National Insuranco Company, of Boston.
People’s Pire Insurance Company, of Xtor
costor, Mass.
Policies all Kood.
IVrMiiM hnvinc claims ncuin«t oltlpr of the
Companies will please nro*«nl tits «;»me ut no oiitcn
for adiunmeni, and they will ln» coiuuderitl as fast
as c;rciuu«t<uici f* will u'lmis.
I shall coatiuuu tu is««u good, sound policies as
hon-iofore. U. 11. CASE. AjteDl,
f t south tat»sl-?t.
NORTH AMERICAN
JnSURANCE j^OMP’Y.,
Or Ncnv Voflt.
We am anihorlmd by advices from Hie c.»np»«y l‘>
slate that they nro prepared t*» PAY ALL TIIEIU
LOSSES. and to continue business ns heretofore.
ALL CLAIMS UNDER TIIK LATE FIRE
Mimt l»r Presented *t our Oflicc, IVo. lO
Udrlilfrc-courl,
Parties deal ringinsurance in the OLD IRON CLAD
NORTH AMERICAN, apply to
GEO. C. CX.AKKE CO., Agent,
10 Eldrldgo*oourt*
TT3SriO3Sr
INSURANCE COMPANY,
San Francisco.
The subjoined despatch explains iosclf;
HI llroniltrny. New York.
Tlmma* >S. I'hard, Special -loc’nf•
UNION hear! from. Thor say all richt. Will meet
PTory dollar of their liability. Impairment ofcapi*
tal will bo made more than good. Wilt bo in Chicago
on Monday to adjust.
S'KCtLS, jIUIVKOi DoC'illTOX,
3l.»nayer».
Policies in tlils favorite company may Lo faaJ of tUc
Cl'.icjgo Agent,
TUD3IAS UOOD3LAN,
l.> youth Groeirst.
NORTH AMERICAN
1 LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
17 and IO "Warron-st.
New Turk, Oft. it). t>7l.
To ths Pollov* Hollers of tbo North American Ldfo
Itcumncc Gompmr «t Chicago:
At a iii.Tling ul the Guard «>1 directors. JWd at the
ylii-e ot tli.i Cumpioy on the 10th ol October, it was
Uoeolvcd, That tills Conipmy iXtond to Ut* ftollcy*
Holders onnVrinc from the iatu lire in Chicago.
credit on their Policies to the amount of tbo premi
ums that may Income dne during Uu* next ys-vr. jar
the puepoo.* of assisting them in. kecplus tliclr
clt«* m mrce.
nrsoleed. That this CotaiiAny appropriate sum
of hire Thousand Dolors for tli-r mtf.«rvr* ,»y tho late
fire In Chicigo, and that the Finance b"
empowered to act in the distribution, n f thlsappro
pri ition ns may they sets ill. 11. C. ‘jioiKJAN, Sec j.
Chicago Office Removed to,' 311 VVabash-av.
IMPERIAL INS. CO.,
VF LONDON.
[Established ISftl
C.VS7Z (UWT.tL ACCT3II'r*ATIONSc
8?.ood.ogi>o;) <uo£,i>.
j lie losses of tbU C.imp-inv in G;dci«o are
whli h they *r»» prepared to pay nt once, without do*
idactin* the sixty days’ int-mst.
i.*o!lcy holders hnrinecUtnsn acainst tbo Imperial
aru rebooted 10 prvseut tfiesamo to
JOSEPH U. ST. JOHN*. Asst. Manager,
.Vti Mlchig.ip-ar.
E. W. CROWELL,
v.F.Pinr.st Uasagku.
Notice to Policy. Holders.
Parties ont*ide of the burnt disinct, lo whom wc
have made lo ins and vrlicaa iKilicics .we hold as col*
lateral, aru rcam-sted to coll upon na Immediately.
This is of tho utmost inipjrrano*. ns ft largo nncilicr
of the pidicit-s ans tiu longer Cwo J and should be
pUc>d in at once.,
Patties in the bucut district should also call and
have proof or.la<\\maiU, that tho money bo collected
as soon as portible. HAIKU Jk BUADLEY,
f»4s<uith Canaf.nt.
Office of
s. M. axopxtK A (JO.,
-insurance agents,'.’
REMOVED TO Tdi WARASU.-AV.,
Where vre are prepared to rcscira applications for in*
in the following relirtldo companies:, Hart*
f.»rd Fire Insurance Company of Hartford, Conn.
North I*; .Mercantile Ins. Co., of London'
an t E'liiiimrsh
Charier Oak Life Insurance Company,
W. 11. WELL?;
Agent, West Wasiilngtou-st,
Mutual Life Insurance Company,
OP CHICAGO.
onrjfu:
231 WEST iivlifjsON-ST.
K. U. PA CL, President.
Stkwakt Mabrs. Secretary.'
Mutuil Life Insurance Company
of skw'vokk,
Office 133 West WasMnston-st.. Monday, October IC.
C. CIUvXKUITK. Ac»nt.
Tcutoula Fire Jus.Xo., of Cleveland, O.
11. S. TIFFANY A GO.. General Agents, 131 Miclii
gau-av., Chicago.
All parties having claims against said company
wMrlris, tligm forthwith, with a view to.
an innuo-Ualtt svtt)*m-ur.
Insurance,
ASIOR fire INSURANCE CO. OF NEW YORK.
STATE INSURANCE CO. Otf-CUtGAGO.
At W West MaaDoß*st.
J. VAN IMWAORN.-
New York Idfe,
ATIMSOUTH SANUAMON ST..
Until further notice.
Q.PPr. r CURRAN. Manager.
.Ktua Xifc Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD.
We will be on hand to transact business, as usual
ou lloudny. Uctoiwr. 16, at-ItiMiin 2n,-Nn. 13| West
Madisou*;t. «uir bm-ka. pbj«ts, etc., are all saved.
UA lATT, aULTUW i.LL A CV., Managers.
Insurance JLoiscs.
M. A. UOUKE t SUN, ATrORNEVi.
arc prspartd to mature payers in all taw* of claims
for insnruuco mi l nil ether I cal business. Office I
and 2, No. 151 Siulb M
BRY.GOODS.
HAMLIN,
HALE
CO.
TVIZ.I* BEOPEX THSIB
Wholesale Department
z u-
On the 23th October.
They take pleasure in announcing that
they have secured the first-class five-story
building.
lifos. 29 31 South OanaL-st.,
In immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses and the Bail-
vr&y Depots.
Their faculties will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete as
heretofore.
HAMLIN,
HALE CO.
Retail Department,
32S West Madison-st. r
CORNER ABERDEEN.. L
Tho now and convenient store, thirty ty
one hundred and twenty feet, will her
FULLY PREPARED
For supplying the immediate wants of onr
I community within a very few days.
AUCTION SAI«ES.
WM. A. BUTTERS C 0
AUCTIONEERS, -I*.
Office N«j* 1201 Indlana-Ar*,.
Will resamo business oa or beibrv Xorembor t»
At Nos, 3 and-I DearbdnrParfc*
Directly opposite old stand on 1 WOdolph-«t.
C. C. Thayer Co.,
Auctioneers and Heal Estahe Agenls,
No. H Hobbard'Court. between Sla.teuad WabMb,
formerly at 137 Dearborn-si., Trl bane Bailalar.
will, a« heretofore, pay particular r.rteotioa to aalca
ofre*\*Kl»t« at auction and private sate. Will at
tend to sales of furniture at residence*, and to oat*
d«»or sales of every description.
To owners of real estate in the 'baratdUfrict: C-
C Thayer 4 Co. have applications from hoiuo *a4
Eastern capitalists to buy or base properly ih thu
lurut district. Please hand in vwur lists.
W. B. Langley,
AUCTIONEER,
3* WEST LAKE-ST.
Liberal advances tnado on coosicumsnta.
RAILROADS,
Special Notice.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
RAILWAY.
Passenger trains will nrrlro and depart fronnibo
new depot on r©lk*nt. Poiarnaers from the 'Jca UL
srfJo can fake the train* at
heretofore. Passengers from tboWest Side can se
cure tickets and infennation at the bow pH
southwest comer of Canal sad Madison***#. Alls®
atnew uepot on Polfc.st.. and »t pasatoqtr station'
on Tweuly.secun.iS»«t.
P. E. JIDCSE.
General Western Paasosger Agent,
f. F. HATCH. Gonoral Stipt.
On and After Date*
Chicago Hock Island A Pacific n*iy roa j postaOßer*
trains wjil jegro from corner Polk r n ,j sbennin»vtf.
American Emigrant Company.
Foreign Mid Domestic V.Xchan 20; WMB Uckels to
ninl from Kiiropt*. OVnerai, railway ticket office.
\>tsUrn OCicu. 39 West KintP.,,l,
FRED. NEW jojj* Aacnt,Clilcsco.'
CioucraJ offices
lliicisa, liurl .ot'.un i Qiiiucr luilro.d
.t ye 31l.~Mirin-.r-
BANKS.
The Pr airie State Loan Trust Co.,
OVEST SIDB SAVINGS DANK).
.J,S WSST BASI>OtI»U.BT..
r*sntr.« business im JLtmUy, Uct. IG, aud p*f
jrwnluooD with a resolution passed at a meeting
o* th* saving* Bunk-on the fith Inst. **twenty d.il
/a to art rv depositor who has that amount of motley'
'/ibis credit, Aud to iliosaitlio hav* not whatever
smaller «um I* duo. ami will also male*- other pay
ta«*nta ns SOOO as a-curltios cm a l>« converted.'*
Wu rV'k m> compromise—only a lit Ho time snilM*
tleace itortlto part of depositors, aud lioßa in t»w
uiuott s to be able to puy every depositor In 1011.
JAS. U*. atXtVICLB, Prest;
r. U. 31RYKI7, raalifer.
The City National Bank
-Vre building a fim-proaf vanlt in their new office,
on 'the northeast corner of Clinton and Washing
tun-sts.. am) will resume business in fow dart.
National Bank of llUnult,
7-£ ilichig-tn-av. In the basement,
and H West Randolph**!.
Banking House ot C. Follausbec «fc Sou.
Thenbove firm are now perfecting ananesroentt to
opnn business at their new otSc-. So. 173 twenty*
*econd-sc.. where they will Lo ready to rosnou on or
about the gttb instant.
GROCERIES.
Groceries.
Sprague, Warner Co.i
as SDtTH OAXBeST.
Wc will haru in stock within a day or two. proba
bly to-day. TOO half chest* of-ten, 2DO ticks of coffee,
iOU barrels of sugar, 40 Uogitteads of sugar, Stt boxes
of cheese, 100 boxes of soap. 20) boxes of candle*, &0
packages of fish, barrels of syrup. Also rice, tod*.
splcei, tobac:o, cigars. Ac, In a few days all orders
from odr' correspondent* will recolvo prompt afteo
tinu.
Office of
■"W". B. IDonglas,
93 TV EXT 3IADI.SO.V-ST, (I3f ALLEY),
flaring been »uroc<l oat In t)i» recent tmt confla*
cratioo atourold pUce. 197 in th«* city,
r biavo taken temporarily the store In alley 97 West
Sis d.sou-»t, where wo aru now receiving. dlr.-ct frpot
oorfaoiory, ainrw ami large-stock of POMPS and
•>tlier goods of onr own manufacture, ami w.< Invite
on r old easterners and nil in want to forwan os tUair
ortiers. which shall have prompt aitontlnn.
Trusting in that same kind, ov-rruling Providence
-w-WcU »«CrdiuT«rttin2 thlscity.'let -alt rvftnlr* that
fliicago shall rise again from its ashes sod ruins In
«JI Its former beauty and power.
W. <s 0. DOUGLAS,
Monnfidnrrn of Pumps. .|c»
PAPER,
Winnebago Mills,
Having two thills in operation indlarge amount f
stock slurped before the hr*, we shall, daring next
vrvok, hare n good stock of Manilla. Wrapping-,
Mews, Printing, sod Writing Papers. Remittances
J*y draft on New York or currency by express villi*'
appreciated.
BBAPNEB, SMITH A CO., Cl 9 State-* t.
From the Ashes.
Onr
GEM OF THE WEoT
1 .VXD
SOLEIEW FRIEND
will ris9 from its ashes as soon as new plates and an*
iravlogscau be prepared.- Our entire subsolp.lou
dst> covering i
EVERY STATE AND TERRITORY. _
has been saved. though ever)-thing else was lust. We
appeal to our (reads to aid us now, by remitting
ns their dollar subscriptions for the next year. Boys
in blue, remember us now]
C. AUGUSTUS n.IVILASD
Chiraso. 18. _
Mrs. E- Cahana,
Form tly 177 South Clark st..
her friends and eaitomers tout *he huittriOP!**
millinery ronou at her n-snlrnas tlt> ioarta-*T.,
with an entire new stock of goods.
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale,
CONSISTING OF:
I Hydraulic Rjiu au* Tump.
9 Retainer,
i Pinishera,
i Sots M
4 UalJr I mAseJ
-4 mu lb Fairbanks bcaleS.
J Hair* OtHctr SAIV,
Truck. Cars, and all the fixtures complete for the
ntna acturo of Pm* Tol
Chicago. Oct. 16, V 571.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 3 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=3 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:43Z ========

THE BELIEF WORK.
Sleeting of the General Committee—
Prompt Action Taken.
Statement of O. C. Gibbs, Sir
perintendent of Hie
Work.
Business at the Supply Depots—
Shelter for tho Shelterless.
la purtameo of the goutral plan of ornaniza
tion laid down by the Mayor, the sev>ral com
mittees met at Standard Hall on Saturday even
ing, and tpent t quo boars in deliberating on the
details of tho work. In view of tho wasto of
ford and clothing. and the unequal distribution
of (applies which has been going on, from the
unfystcmatized method of dealing oat the pro
vision!. it was found necessary to take prompt
action. The committees were all represented,
(tenoral Sheridan and tho Mayor were present.
Mr. Wirt Dexter presided.
The Chairman of each Committee made a re
port, and tho suggestions made in connection
with the several departments, in so far as they
bormonized with the general plan of work, wore
adopted. It will be come days yet befora a
thorough system can be In operation, but the fol
lowing may be giv-n as substantially the details
t>f the plan agreed upon:
Mr. 0. C. Gibbi.tbo Chairman of tfao committee
on distribution of f«od. clothing and fuel, made
tho followingstatement;
Tbo city is thoroughly districted, each district
being placed in charge of competent Superin
tendent*.' each of whom is committed the
responsibility of organizing fats district,
and of selecting bis own officers
and depots of distribution. This work of
organization Is nearly complete. The offices
coa!d open to-day, if the books, blanks, Ac.,
were ready. They are now bring made In Mil
waukee. where a force is working on (hem night
and day. and will bo here thi« (Monday) even
tog. At least tea district offices will open on
Tuesday morning, with a force amply adequate
:to investigate, and relieve nil applicants in each
•district. No persons will bo able to obtain any
supplies from nny depot under tho control of tbo
Relief and Aid society, except in tbe district in
which they reside. Tho system is simply on
adaptation to tbe prtscnl emergency of that
under which tbo Relief and Aid Society have
teen working for the past lour
▼oars. It is simple, and will be
readily comprehended by all persons engaged In
the work, so that but little time will bo roqnirod
xoeaablo it to work smoothly, efficiently, and
intelligently. Tbo aid nod cu-opcrnlton of the
public is earnestly solicited, especially in the
earlier stages of tho work. until
such time aa those to whom It, is
entrusted become familiar with their duties.
Tbo services of good citizens bavo been se
cur'd to aid in organizing and carrying on tbe
work. e
Mr. Murry NoUon,Chairman of the Committee
on Supplies, said be found the depot at the
South Side doing a large business io receiving and
distributing, all requisitions being honored, for
supplies which were guing to-the churches and
aeiiuul bouses where local place* had bean cstab*
iiaccd for distribution. A similnr state of things
existed at tbo West Side Rink, under charge of
General Mann. At Nos. 50 and 52 Canal street,
two large stores, coder the direction of thu
Board «f Trade, were receiving and distributing
supplies. At 4S Randolph street a largo store
was opened, under direction of the President of
fbe Board nf Trade, for bedding and cloth
ing. At tbo corner of Green and
Pulton streets a piano was opened
for general storage. Mr. Nelson sugested that
there should .be a concentration of tbo work of
receiving, sorting.’ and during M some given
point, say at:the Rink for tbe IfestSidc, ana
Tobey A Booth’s for the South Side, the smaller
places to be located hereafter.
Mr, Pullman, ofthe Committee on Tranfpor
lati d. said be bad conferred with tho various
railroad men, and bad coma to an arrangement,
which was embodied in tho following special
notice:
l>a and after tbo 15th instant, all passes for
pemrss desiring to leave the city will be issued
and signed by George M. Pullman, Chairman ol
the Committee on Transportation, «r persons
authorized to sign bis name, at Standard Hall,
corner of Thirteenth dreot and Michigan
arniuc: or by R. W. Blntcbford, io tbo named
r a>nnaD, at the oerner of Clinton and Pul
ton streets.
.ui. x'uuuian also read the following police,
which bad been sent to tbe A‘aouiated Press t
'*Passes ore being issued by tbe Relief C-m-
nluec to the utterly destitute to all points in the
V Tied States where such persons can find work
ni!’»
these passes will hereafter bo signed by
r M. Pullman, Chairman, and counter
part!,.. ■'gents appointed by each of the rail-
Jks«h receive them here.
r °"iti!.rfi f« ”01102 part ol lines leading from
Chicaco arorc M»ectfully requested to notify the
Chairman of ibo m uuo 01 their rrUingncn
must bo limed by ritizeni. .Mr.
Gibbs, in his denartmen.,- lo co'up
crate with the Transporta lpn c?* 1
Mr. fair bant, of the Cot. Enpl«f
meat. announced that u. por*ops desir
ing employment should t o. “I®
at headquarters. or a pW f°. oe
designated iiercatter, where tins pari or y“°
work will be tborongbly systematized. Th«
"Woman’* Home was selected as the place for ap
plications for female cmployruco t. A auUeoenl
of the places needed would be sent to Mr. Gibbs’
distributing effiers.
Dr. Johnson, of the Committee on Sick, .Sani
tary. etc., reported the condition of the different
hospitals, which was about the same ns already
published in detail. Two cnaes of medical stores
bad been received from Buffalo. Armußemeuts
were in progress to gather in thn sick, and ar
range a system of posses. The iimnouuite ne
cessities of the sick were not pressing, and the
sanitary condition of the city being unusually
good, there was no fear of epidemics.
Tho Chairman of tho Committee on Shelter,
Mr. Avery, reported that their organization was
•completed, and tho luildcra were at work.
The barracks, unwisely located in the centre
of tho best portion of the West
£;de,bad been partly erected, but it was deemed
btst.to stop the work «n the balance, and carry
it (ertomo place where there was more room and
less danger. Tncru was from eight to twelve
(docks ot vicant land, bounded ou the south by
Polks trcel. and on the wcsUby Ashland avenue.
which would ho suitable, but tbo rnmmitt.c
v *cro informed that tbo owner, Mr.
Walker, would cause them
trm'blo if they took possession. The portion
f t L e barracks already erected were filled io a
luw iu iiiales, the people rushing to them, eager
in csco,' >d ,rom tb° crowded cnurchcs. It was
propose. 10 uiQke a requisition on General Sher
idan for i *at** till barracks could he completed.
General Sheridan signified his iutcutioa of
honoring fit/ch rc/iuiailion.
It was also decided that tho committee were
empowered, c eder tho Mayor’s order, to take
posseisioo of th vacant lauds mentioned, with*
out fear of liticutlon.
Mr. Pullman suited that bo had repaired tclo
gratii* tromall points offering homes lor about
400 families.
Gdueral Sheridan sa.dhchad telegrams from
fifty or u oro railroads offering facilities lor
transportation. These ho wouul turn over t
Mr. Pullman.
Too committees on distribution of supplies
were instructed to deliver nothing but cooked
provisions until Mr. Gibbs’ rystem was per’
JlClC‘l.
The committee*' then adjourned.
Messrs. Julius Iloib.ntiial, Given E. Moore. Al
derman Dcviue. and C. Tl. 6- Mixer, who have
been appointed upon thcd’.fpinittee tor distribu
tion cl furphes, of which U-C* Gibbs is Cbair
znan. nre requested to meet at headquarters, 4(9
West Wtifbiugloa street, at 2 o’clock tftjs otter
noon.
At a medio* of the city psst«r', called at the
request of >be Relief and All Society* the foj*
loniMC were appointed a cmmitieo to act in
connection with that organization: lljr*.,”.
Harriett, Robert Laird Collier, H. N. Powers,
4i* Vi'. Etrarlf. and C. H, Fowler.
TUS COMMITTEnS.
Com 'atttee No. I.—On receiving, storing and
«nriinc t a Pt ,lie a ßd dealing out upon reqasi
tinn* irou." other committed. Murry Nelson.,
n n iJri br (Jen, Hardee; K.W. Preston,
PrJiiSnt'BoVJ of Trad.; 11. JI. Tbompion,
AlfleraSn Ala.’™*" C- F. 0111. A. W, Claop, J.
I lIS. Si'™’' Jooer. A. 11. Uennctr, V. A.
T,’Visual I, Alfred Spink, Secretary
lurpm. J. L. j5,.jj 00 trill bo at Governor
Mur., -hteeoth street bridge.
Storr ea r'I*' 1 Shelter, to provide
>o.i. Committee o. 'very. Chairman; T.
tents and barracks. 1. 31.—. Mn nnk n Thi>ua<
W. Harvey. W B. l Uill.p., IJotcbetn.
Wilcc, West fc.de; Alderman M.
Mr. Goodwin. -"do
>’o. 3.— Commitcce on Employment. to pro.
labor lor able-bodied applicant*. Ckairman.
K. Fairbmnk. Alderman John Buehler, west
Side-S K. Norton. Alderman J. IX. McAV-y,
Sutitii Side* Eer. S. T. Chamberlain, Now J l o
lend Church: Alderman G. A. r h
Side Her, Robert Patterson. Presbyterian, West
Adams street: R v, Jcsjol). Inotnns. Mieuuan
avenue Baptist-Churca: A. B. Hitchcock, bec
2‘v**^4.—Committee on Transportation, to pro
_,s J*- *«cs tor persons, and Irneht nccomuioda
-7; d r /Jr* -©plies. ClJairniftp.Georae M. PaU
tions to r -,mond, K. W. Blateblord* E. M.
.man, C, G. H«,_ '-mes to bo added.
Jiincf. Further it- -n Reception and Corrcs*
-i'o. s.—Commrttee u '*->rs and answer alt de-
VondoDce, to receive visu. -»an, Wirt Dexter,
?paceb»s ard Ifticrs. Ciauu. Md. Theodore
liter. Robert Lsird Collier,
•fccMxtz. Further names to buaddeu.
U.—Coromiltco on Distribution v.
'Clotbinp and Fuel, 0. C. Gibbs. Scpcriuten
V; IU of ■T ld Aid Society, Chairman. Juhu
2l<-e«clbol, Orren h. Moore, Aid Devine. 0. 11. S.
Mixer, fc. c. Hayes. Rev. Air. Whitehead. Rev.
Mr. iMarson. Rev. Dr., Mcilallln, Rev. Mr.
CadwaJader, Rev. Mr.. l\ ilkineon. Too above
Comnnltoc arc riqucjtcJ to meet at beadauar
tcrs.NJOO West Washington street, at 3 o'clock
toil O. C. Uirrs. Chairman.
••“tommitUe^nfc.cn.Hospital, and San
ilary Measures. Dr. U. A. Johnson, Chairman.
\*t> 1 IpKflf. Dr. Ilcubou Lmilaia. Rev,
si. N. Pqvrtie, Hr. Wm. Wogucr. Dr. 11. M. Ly-
HI llr. J, 11. lUuch.
The Wjkconlu aud Slichixan Fire*.
r Mi;.U'Ai'icEE.oct,ls.—Later accounts from Nor
thern Wisconsin confirm nil previous reports
nnd rumors that the lon of life in the neigh-
Jborhood of the burned village of I'eshtago will
reach orerl,2oo, and 15 per cant of those injured j
cannot recover. The fire tornado was hoard at
4t distance tike the roaring ol the sea; balls of
airc _ wetts toon observed to fall like meteors
»n difTcrcut parts of the town, igniting vhatever
ibtl touched People iushe.l with their children
aruu ;r a ~laeo of safety, but the dorm
d,S. r A' f U i? on lhe ftU| l enveloped them in
>?hS?on?M kr burn c K «Mid and eludora. nod
iml roa?i^ le .i° r»ver worn smff.caUd
MNRara
ssjsajs
reach the water, many ibrntrinv ,i
,rlrr, into the mill”Sd „S
to flontiuc Ins-. AnuSih.r ot
drowned by beint thrown !ro:n tbc loci by c.n.l
doned bnne, and cattle that milted into tbn
water. The fierce cyclone rv, c j,i over n tract ol
country 8 or 10 miles Every bulldlni.
nml ell the timber were liebed up clean by ihe
toncue of fire. Tb* town ol Perntico numbered
2.COU, one-third of whompemhed in that fearful
night. Reports from tnc oast shorn of <jreen
Ray place tho loss of Hlo fully ns high at at
Pefbt'co. Tho s&mo account states that tbo
immediate wants of tbb people are supplied,
but large amounts of provisions sod clothing
wil.be required for the etnolue winter.
Mayor Mdtugton, of Milwaukee, publishes
the lollowinr appeal for aid:
The calamities that bavo befallen our Sfale
and rome of «ur neighboring States are truly
appalling. Over 1,500 m«D. woiren«and children
Lave been burned to death in Wisconsin alone;
i their bouses and farms arc to a largo extent ut
terly destroyed, the r*wy soil having burned nn
rmd destroyed all their i-ntumn ana root crops.
They are utterly destitute, and will require lull
support at least till another eeuw-o. Seven coun*
In* in our own Stale uro thus in great part ut
icily desolated. Whule rccions ot country in
slcstern Micb'gm are in the nine condition,
and tbrto fire* aro still raging and

V£t f d citix-n..
"‘J m brß of Chicaj?o lafferer* tvro nov Cit
ing ourhnuso* nnd pubuc buildings. and wo are
L l «rni! 0 H Ul, »f n^ fr l thcir necessities. We have
;“5 pl d.£ rtlil of proriali.D.
SJ.dr.il.VtS£. D<l ."o^ l "Dd other
w£i?n.in c i ‘j 10 c bte*vo. To Northern
*nd to iWestern Michigan
rnffilße d ?i D OQr ull 0,t bnt the Amount of
l?lnA t£ L°.. car ow 3L ito te beyond our power
a one 15 We appeal to the public for
n ili wtU bo the dispensers of »no
to r ?“f« rers Wisconsin nna
-™tl rn Michigan. Wo hare made
eyery necessary arrangement to accomplish
tucse parputti with economy and effect. All
coDtributiooi in money tony bo rent to Alex
apder MUebell. banker, and nil contributions
of food, clothing, bedding, and other necessary
supplies mar be directed to HarrisbA.Lndifiß
ton. Mayor.
(Signed) Habeisov Lvoixctox, Mayor.
5 T 1 0IT f Mich., Oct. H.—Telegraph offices at
the following places hare be*n burned: Forrc*t-
Tw tr V J ilf ’rr Rock U, Sand SSJh.
Port Hope, Huron City. Port Austin. and Pon
Crescent. Telegraphic communication has also I
been iMerropted with the following points-An
Sable, East Xawss, TawosCily. and Alabasta?
Telegrams will be forwarded daily, at noon, by
boat from Bay City. kUUUH,OJ
Mcetluir of Insurance Agenti,
All officers or authorized adjusting agents of
insurance companies who are disposed to con
sider the necessity of some concert of action.
A® conaolt as to'tho method and order of
treaunr the Urge losses, arc respectfully invit
ed to meet at Nn. 30 West Madison street, sec
ond floor, at half past 2 p. to., oo Monday. This
inriiaU'itt is not directed to claimants, or to
n°t authorised to adjust. XuU call
will bo handed round for more signatures in tbe
morning. Franklin, of Pniladelphis. Coffin A
Kellogg. General Agents: Underwriters’ Agency
x., 1). K. Ilusmer, Assistant General Agent:
rbecnix. of Brooklyn, L< Critoliell, Adjuster.
O. h. ilosucß. Assi. Ok«, Agt. Underwriters*
Agency.
Han. M. Bowiun. Scc’y Mut. See. Ins. Co.
ITSM<S aBULTISSLUANCC-
A meeting of tbe officers of the Germania
Uanorer, Niagara, and Republic Insurance
Companies, comprising the Undertakers’ Agen
cy, was bo.u on the luth. They say il all luelr
risks in tbe burned districts, prove
a total loss they pay jyftj.ooo and
collect from good sound companies in reinsur
ance i9U.000. Too companies eland prepared to
meet their respective payments immediately on
adjustment of claims, andthey will expedite ad
justments. Tbe condition of the companies
alter fall settlement, wt.l show upwards of ball
a million ot surplus.
—Tho Manhattan (N. Y.) Insuranco Company
has resolved to suspend business. Its losses are
stated at $1,230,000. Tho company has a large
surplus besides its capital, and it is not expected
that there will be any loss tj the assured. The
President of tho Empire Company, which wa<
r-ported yesterday to have lost $230,000. states
tjat it sustained no loss.
—The Commercial insurance Company of
Coicaso hare lost $450,000. They baro been put
into the hands of a U-.ceiver, but wi.l pay every
dollar, subscribe new capital and go on. Their
office is at Am. 43 Canal street.
“‘ho losses ot tbe Homo Insuranco Company.
imL. rk werc reported at Sl.UOd.-
WO. ,1 be agf-nt says ttiey are but $2,500,000, and
mat the company will pay and continue busi
ness without interruption.
—Tbe Globe Insurance Company saved nil its
•ale valuuble P»Pe«» etc., in iu fire-proof
Hleoliug of tlie^fudges.
Proceedings ol a mooting ol ibo Judges of the
court* o! record of the State of Illinois within
tho County of Cook, held at tbe house of Judge
Farwell, odd ol the Judges of the Circuit Conrt
olsaid county, on tho 13th inst.. all of said
Judges being proaent. It was moved and car
ried that Judge Williams be Cbalrmaa of add
meeting, and that Judge Gary be Secretory
thereof, and thereupon thefollowing resolutions
were adopted:
Itetolccd, That the Interests of the county re
quire mat temporary building*, which maybe
occupied by tho courts and other county officers
12 ri S° °r throe years, bent onco erected upon
tho Court House square, to be occupi d by tbe
court* and other county officers ns sunn as pi*,
sible—or if the erection of such temporary build
togs on tho Cotjrt House square will Interfere
with tbe erection of a permanent stmeturo there
then such temporary buildings be erected in the
immediate vicinity thereof.
licolced. That wo recommend that the High
School be used temporarily for the courts and
county purposes, thereby caving to tho county
all expense for rent of public buildings until the
county is provided with it« own.
A meeting of the bar of this city will be held
bui*ding M,oon Qt 2 ,?lopk at bo nistl School
Tlic Old Tribune Building.
Tffo attaches of this paper yesterday risked
their necks ia a pilgrimage to the city editor’s
room in Tub Tbibunk building.’ The Dearborn
street entrance is impassable, while the Madison
street stone stairs aro cracked and broken. The
floors and stairways aro apparently unbanned,
though loaded with the debris of the root and
(alien walls. _ On tho, top floor, which was occu
pied by the editorial and composing rooms,
there is from three to foar feet of
brick, plaster, and ashes, below which are the
possible relies for which the two adventurers
were seeking. Beyond a marble ornament at
tached to the mantel, nothing could be found.
Ihe view from the local room windows has
mal j r u y Blter °d since the reporters last
stood there, and made up i heir minds that It was
2* continue writing. There are von*
fsw boildincs in this city which would permit of
*nT ,0W fr°, m their top-story window to-day.
alter passing through the fiery experiences
which Tdk Inißtic building so long sub
mitted to.
Delegation from Canada.
A delegation from the Relief Committco of
Hamilton, Ontario, arrived in Chic igo at noon
Sunday, and will have their headquarters in No.
10 drawing room car. in tho Michigan Central
Hallway yard, until Monday night or Tuesday.
The deputation consists of Andrew Hinny. Sec
retary and Treasurer: William Mmr. Geo. IS.
Tuckett. and John B. Bagwell.
Hon. F. N. Blako, United States C >usal for
Hamilton (formerly of Chicago) accompanies the
delegation, by request, to vivo bis advice and as
sistance; aisn. David McCulloch. bflbo S'tecftt
(or, and John S. King, of the Timer.
rr.B^OBAU
Sirs. Margaret A. P.- May, of Chicago, if still
alive, will please report at tho above place. Any
ol her friends knowing her whereabouts wilt
confer a favor by informing her.
The State Board of Equalization.
At a meeting of tbo Illinois Stito Board of
Equalization, October 10, the following resolu
tion was adopted:
Jlesolcnl, Tnat os an assessment of Cook Conn*
ty was made at a time when oil were prosperous,
and said assessment has been presented to this
Board, and finding that we bare no power to
grant such relief therein as tbo emergency <>f
ibe Uciu mey demand, and tbat such relief
must bo granted by legitlatireenactmcnt.il nt
»11. wo therefore respectfully ask tbs Legidnturo
to enact such laws as shall produce equity nod
relieve the unfortunate citizens of Chicago fiom
being taxed upon the millions of property of
whiea they have been so suddenly deprived.
Pont Office Relief.
George S. Barnes, Superintendent of tbo spo
cinl agents of the Post Ofllea Department, re*
ceived on yesterday 11.400 from Postmaster
General J. A. J. Crcswell. as a donation to the
sufferers in tbo Post Office io this city by the
Into fire. Other donations barn been made
in prolusion by tbo Post Office employes
in cities, and the while will form a grate
ful and timely contribuljoa to many faithful but
destitute puolie servants.
Money aud Produce Mai'kcU
Kw York. Oct. 14.—Money firm a: 7 per cent.
Govtrnmanu doll and steady: Slate binds dull
and weak: gold steady: Western Union sG}£;
Ad-ims Express 81; Wells Fargo 4S; Amorie.n
s*»Uj Uniied Spates s*.'; New York Central. 87%:
Scrip. 83; Krio. 27 3-8:pld. fiS; Heading. lUSJ»£;
Michigan Central. 113: Union l*oc:6c stuck,
Lake Shore, W 3-8: Illinois Central. 134:
Pittsburg. 112*4; Uonhwestern. 55Va: Pfd. Bdtf:
Cleveland ami Coiambus. St: K-ck Island.
ST7S 8: St- Paul, 64#; pM7f;Wabash, £5: ptd
76; Fart Wayne, Terre Haute, 2d; pfdso;
Chicago and AUon, pfd Hoi O.ilo and
Mississippi. 27: Indiana Centra). 17.3.3: Bur
lington' and Quincy 123: Hannibal and St. Joess.
CISCfXATTI. Oc‘. J4.—Flour and Grain un
chanred: family 'flour G75&68J, nil wheat
1.4931.43;c0rn 5? ear; shelled; oats 35(510:
wuisKty strong atSKJ— a«m: 91; prpvistons quiet
and dull, nu demand, prices nominally pnebang
ed: pork held at 13 25: lard netf and
old: bulk d*ii 755*?7?4 lor anuuUKys and sides:
n»*' nn at 7?4‘-sB4JS}-4 tor shoulders, clear rib,
and sides,
XoLEDrt, 0 XL—Fiour quiet; wheat doll,
.lo.niT.ril teßatM.r :_N Wit;, Wabnsb 1.55.
No. 1 wblto Mich, l,u,’ amber M»eh. 1.45: corn
steady; high mixed cV; IdflT, 58: yellow 59‘4: oats
inactive, nu sales; freights J toBuf
alo; 11312 to Oswego.
Chicago Lumber Market.
Satcrday Evkniso, Oct. 14.
Caruors—The market for cargoes to-day was
exceedingly dull, owing to unfavorable winds,
and prices stand lho same ns noted in ourrep»rt
of y«etcrday. A sawed shingles ofl *al were in
actlro demand, and held nrmly at a rang*
£3.25(33.37}£, a* to quality. Wo ecte unable to
Icaru of any cargo transactions.
•f Food,
•deal
A? THE VACD3.
In this department of ihe market there 5s an
ao.ive tuorcmeoi on city account, and prices for
grades rulccinsidcMldy higher. The inquiry
for (oiouu'o trade*, tho stocks of widen
ij’cn broken up. Cb»i;o descriptions arc
aro bauo '«Pl4y. MU* nod shingles continue
only iit lair A f vved shjpjdos on track met
eoi d “„"m. »Sr i JJW.
wi»n an active ingu ut w loilona.
We revise our price
Firsto!car,l loch indlnon.
Sect n*l dear, 1 Inch to 2 inen.. (X^; r*’ W
Third clear. 1 Inch
Flr«t f ml fecund clear flooring, toccu. AJAjvjl
ci. rough V?*! 1
together. Sft.Ot.
Common siding £r, 3i
Common flooring, dressed, first
Common flooring, dressed, second 4i5.00ft2T.00
Wagou-lwx boards, selected, ic inches
and upwards 35.00ft40.0l
A stock boards 30.ttWM5.03
B stock boards 2j.U3ft43.00
i Common boards, joints. scantling,
small timber, «Sc-, id feel and under. 17.03ft15.0C1.
Fencing 17.Wft18.00
Joists and scantling, IS-ftSAfccl liuoft4».oo
Pickets, square IWWftITJX)
rickets, flat (815.C0
Clear posts, split IG.OO^Md.tW
Clear posts, roond 20.0U&5.L00
Lath 2.50 ft 3.W
Sawed shingles, No. 1 1.75 ft 2.75
Fawed shingles, A or star 3.75 ft 4.03
Assessment of Tates,
To the Editor oi T e Chicago Tribune:
In considering tbo revision* of ibo Assess
ment of Taxes for tbo city of Colesgo.- it would
I>j well to keep in xind the fact that ranch or
tbo real estate of tlio city* mat of the West Div
ision in particular,has grratlyincreasedinvaloe.
and jn many cases own.rs .of propeny are re*
cciving rents very ranch n excess of what they
received at any time i rer.uus tuthe fire. Own
ers ol such property e« aid therefore well afford
tuparaddiiionaltnscsaodthould.be taxed t»
raake up iu some ox cn the deficiency caused
by the red ieii»n er rsaii.B not taxes la tbo
Burnt iKairiet.** H. T. il.
Cuicauo.Ocu 14. IS7I.
IVliat Governor Palmer Will Uccom-
mend.
Special Dispatch to The Chicago TVibnno.
SPBtscntLD. 111.. Oct. 15.—The Gon.rnor. in
hu m.siiC'-*. t«~mi>rrow, mil take the ground
that under the present extraarumary circum
stances the State should refund to Ooioagti me
money expended in daaneniag tho canal,
•mounting lo nearly $3.001.0.0.
From Pittsburgh
On Sunday evening a consigauient of relief
supplies arrived fioai Pittsburgh, consisting:*?
five ear loads ofi and a 1m f
toe—subject to tho order of the Chicago Relief
Society. The Pittsburgh R.-lIc! Committee'*
nfcadQaerter’f are at tbe new Sherman Ilous*.
A“«f;hic«go R“!lolSociety hate tolcgraphel to
tbe Mayor ol Pittsburgh to herd a dop »t ul eon*
Plies established there, to draw on ns necessity
may be, instead of forwarding everything here
at once.
TOAUrEKT/SKRS.
In order to make room for the current new
and important announcement*, we have been
compelled to learo out of to*-dny’s issue between
seven and eight olumos of sew advertisements.
We hope to find space for'them in Tuesday
Tbibcxe.
—The Barnes House, center of Randolph and
k n i* one °l the most comtnodinas
hoUls»n thecilr. andlts proprietors here dll*
Played the greatest generosity in the relief of
suaerers, in addition to providing for the travel
ling public.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Hart, Asten Co.,
Bag Manufactory,
AT
Nos. 5*7 Went Nadlaou-st,,;
Are receiving g.xxls. am! readr for liu«lqmi.
Heid, Murdcok £*Tinksr
would respectfully Inform their cult enters that they
will be fully prepared to supply the wnntiofth*
trade, ns eaoaasther can obtain suitable and safe
shelter. Their Itooks are intact, and statements of
account will ba forwarded.. lo the meantime, the*
reqntst Ine remittance of all balances due, a*, owing
to the disastrous effect of the late calamity upon
financial affairs here, they aro entirely dependent
for lands upon their friends In the country, and
hope they will respond promptly. Interest will he
allowed upon all bills paid bafore maturity. Im not
send drafts, hut remit viirtency by express.
Ciltcano. October 11, 1871.
Railway Supplies.
OEEEAE, ADAMS 00,,
HAVE. REMOVED
THEIR Omt'E
To 64 South Jefferson-st
ATTENTION DRUGGISTS!
H. P. SWIFT BRO.,
UO WOODWABD-iV..
DEmoiT, MICH.,
Prucßuu Glassware, «tc etc., nr# prepared to fill
orders at lowest cash rates.
Bend for Quotations before purchasing elsewhere.
U ‘f’ WWHT BRO.-
Cyrus P. Thomas,
ARCHITECT
Of the late Wackln Block.
OFFICE .|.7S IVABASII AY.
Office of
BIOCS. NPKNCGB CO
CUTLERY AND GUNS.
1023 WabasH-av.
thank our friends tor their prompt remittances
■at.a ask onr cnatometß to tnpw Mr< j ua v iut luud*
tlieycan .V Y. Ex.. I*. O. Orders, or by Express.
H. P. Merrill Co.
Hare opened their office at No.tOT WdstMadison-M.
where they wHl’hoplenied to sec Chairfrieeda and
patroos and reccire thoir orders, ay usual, for Crock
ery. Glassware, Ac. We shall soon b# In receipt of a
full slock of Queenswarc from Anthony Shaw, Pow
ell A Bishop, and others, and
sell ou aa favorable term* ns hereloforo. We hope
that ihoio indebted to us will promptly respond Is
thlroiirhmirof need.
Stettauers Wineman
Respectfully annonnee the commencement of a Um
poYrtry building on the northeast corner oMllchl’
gnu-OT. and Monroe-st., which will bo completed In*
•Pont two weeks, whan wo shall bo prepared to >a.
ceiro our customer and to fill all orders with our
usual stock. lu the present emergency we shall
most gtatefully appreciate remittances from those
indebted to os, either In New York exchange or car
fancy, by mail or exprem. All" communications
should bo addressed to our preseut riffles.
<9t Minniean-av
Story King, Attorneys,
NO. I WEST JIANpOLPU-ST,
To Our Clients: All securities, titles, deeds, ab
stract*.lecorde, and T«hn»blo pnrvr* Mi with us an*
safe, We hsv* n complete record of all proceedings
in uverr c«a» in court In which either of us has been
vt* U, »"il fut i TV* VEA J tS bAbT IMST. UfflcoNo!l
West Itaudulph-st. ‘MinerT. Amo* T-o.)
1 btOUY A KINO.
October 12. I*7l.
While Our Entire Stock of Goods
On Ritcr-st. was destroyed by the late fire, our
warehouse (for stoneware) was'not burned. W>
bare secured a spaclom store and warehouse at .'3l
South Causl-st., near TwelUh-st.. where we have a
full supply of stoneware, and In a few Usys will also
li&tcs full supply of crockery, glassware, Ac-, at
wholesale, as heretofore, where wo Invite «ur numer
ous patrons and friends to call.
JOHNSON ADUEV.
Chicago. Oct. 11, IS7I.
Notice.
SWARTHOfT, KENT A CO.. JOBBERS OF
CLOTHING. SYRACUSE, N. Y..
Arc prep-trad to lit! «II ordnr* for Clothing at their
Syracuse, N. Y., house. Their agents will visit the
Western trad** at once with snmpW.
Perkins, Stern Co.’s
Office for the present will bo at i.Ki W*b«sb-AV.
Being among llio euff.-rara of tbo Uto tire, wo earn
estly eolicit Ihoaidof all petaout indebted In ns t«
s«*n.t u* currency or draiU nn New York, which will
bo thankfully received All orders for CALIFutt.
M.V WINKS. UKANDIK>, AC,, sent to os will b<-
promptly tilled from Pur Sew York Imii'to until out
m«w stock arrive. Thiiukiug unr Monde for past
fsTure, nnd soliciting a contlnuancu of their pa
tronage, wa muaiu, luspecitu.ly, PERKINS.
STEUS A 1:0.
lIKNJ, IIItUcK. Jc.. Agent. SO6 Wtl«rlt-tv.
Wm. D. Kerfoot’s
REAL ESTATE AGENCY
Is at the old place,
S3 BAST IVAStIIKGTON-ST.
Houses forsslo and rant la nil parts of the city,
City aud County Surveyor, KoUiy-Tublic. Revenue
Stamps, and lull Uuu of maps at my office.
Information regarding property lo tho burnt dis
tricl ch- crfullv given by I itii-rur io person.
Only Wholesale Boot and Shoe
ItOVfE NOT BURNED OUT AT LATE FiRE.
G. S. RICHARDSON A CO., manufacturers and
lubbers of bunts and ilinf, ai West Uaudulph-il.*
Imre still a lurpo stock, which they ..ffjr at the old
prices.
Wahl Brothers
Are happy to inform lliclr friends that although
tlic:r odi'.e and store were destroyed, their
works are iutact, and that iluy still hate a complete
stock of GLUE and NEATSFOOT OIL, and ara pre
psred to fill all orders as usual. Office and addres*
at present at their (Fn«s Works.
Furniture! Furniture 1
AT OLD PRICES.
JO UN MON 7. EL. 456 States t.
A large assortment Of Parlor, Chamber, and Com
mon Furniture, and a gnal.rnrbdy of Office I>r»k a
and Tables on hand, and a large supply telegraphed
or aod arriving dwllr.
L. It. Howeit ik Soli,
Rcul K«t.iU and llou«* Agents. will U» found it
Centrc-nv.. near Mmi[>«n >t. \V«st all (iauhi
who will l>m «h»Np to t*i»w«l«M:riplloii at oticv. Wr
h*r» hundreds of applicant* tor h»sp «l\»,.jUo<s;
John Horkwcll,
Agent for Loans on iuprorfd fartqsin Illinois,
25) Weal Kandolph-st.
Muuu, Nurlou ,3* *cutt,
I’UODCCK COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
s£? West Washington-it.
GuulU, Co.,
Will ju a few days, at
|NO S3 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
ire**pt at jtl W«»t Wssliinctoumt.
,Muuey r
XfhKXT. I'A\VNJjR.QUKB,
Jiear C«n«J.
tjjfor, Watches. Jewelry,
in.'ftihmjiliiif.
(ifc*, J. C. 11A
33 WVsl'
Cml« pa!u fur oJ'VV'V
llry (!ik>J>, *l 1 k>u»U o
rho offico 4SIIAW
ur i:ICIIAKD!>, KKUailAl'Cll -am, 1,0,1.
if tfiuimroriir ,1 SI'S r ouflu
i.tff .pcoJlly NfflUf- ,\™’w °™_
men u* «4uU »i-miu»uc« uf c* *nna n
niniimi y in tiiw oqf *itn- _♦
T\> lirr»hr
't »rp *hmll C( *:iu«Mbo U IJUJ.KSI I.K (JUO»;Klty
Larral/ce dt our u«w «Uml. L-uriuV of SJuMC***-®*
IIAL'DWAUE. in« l< So, J33 Slfchlj.n-.r.,
Kcmorcito IV
will !>a*e our uso-1 aiwrtmc.'t ln*tewd«r<. fl“ n rUron-g* of «ur Lira..#
unllctc or.icr# tor aurtinui; t* oc** iinaoT trad*- Jh«iik»il .or Ih It j t a cunmitunee ot t»u*
-s\^.U o“ m.- ;*W
c;eo. \V. Smitu/ (io cn.ttt.ji l-f »r»rcd to
LA"-ofnoK. Clnoteo. O'toliff __l—
W a)<A'h««r. I_» L 1
Warrington, firewater Co. JfifflCS johft,
We shall vpen on MlcUijjau-ar., near Hu M>ard* PLASTERER,
court. *ud be ready to ship kouOm irum our letup''**7
■lore in awiut ten days. Our olScc for llic proeu** l T_«,„fei a j, noV M rear of 332 Wabash*
yr,. r NrTO v *CO ind i«S*K »rn ."J -111 I
tAKRIM.TON.BUi/Us.TKU A CO. BromM r attended to. Wheo F»m «Wl perm«iient
'buildiocs use nothiue but Iron *r»re ai ft jtMb»ti»uie
.•■»r lath to plaster os, ae patroied by Jl
wl .od Are iu«l as well as currusated »‘OQ srciiea.
Am 'o»paml to uki> orlei« now.
Ortmajer, Lewis «!b Co.,
W UOLUS.VLE SADDLERY,
will be i it 49 \Vv«t Randolph and rnuiue tnalnrss in
a l<-w di
Chas. Wlppn,
FL’UNITCRE,
99 Wert* 3tadUon-st,
Pi irtor, Chamber and Office Furniture.
Dr. Is C. UoU,
OCULIST
BUSINESS CARPS.
Or. Bi G. Bogac.
Office sod residence after Monday October ICtli wl
bt at No. Ml West Monroe**!.
Muuger’s
LAUNDRY
45 IV. At Wfublngton-st.' ,r
P. R. I*. Hardenborgb,-
LEATHER AND SHOE! FINDINGS,
.40? Writ Lakc-sr., Chicago.
A foil stockof new good*.
Removal.
Offlca ef Vershof RnMingA f-’o. and Chat.' Verrhn
Om»«I l* r H»tarU and Wurtcmbutg, no* at is*
cottar* uruve-ur.
Removal.
WH. n. SAMPSON. V
R«n»«t»8 Agency, Utsßhom
,&9 LsSalle-it.. Is now located *a
318 Wear Wakhiogton-flt. To rent, stortaa. office*,
and dwellihge in ,n parti of the city.
Millen Frost Lewis,
LAWYERS.
363 Micbigan-ar.
CUlcygoand Wilmington Coal Co.’of
»ffire removed to 52 West Twelfth**!.
Seebergcr «S» Breakey
Continue die wholesale HARDWARE bnsioess at
IQ and 12 W—t Randnlp*--*!.
Culver, Page, Hoyne Co.,
11, 13, and 15 North Dciptaiaes*«(.,
200 Gran Lead Psnclls.*Blatik Book*. Xbtdlam, and
General nutioo*ry receiTcl Saturday. Slum ex.
peeled to-day. ICnllng toachina running.
William Utils and Co. f
GENERAL COMMISSION.
Hare reenmev! bn«ineer at 22« West Randolpli»»t.
H. N. Hibbard,
REGISTER IN BANKRUPTCY,
Vi Harrison**!., near W«bssh*ar.
UIBRARP. RICH A NOBLE. Lawyer*.
naiTl>rtti*«t.. and 35 and 37 Canel-at.
J. S. Tliompsou 6i Co.
will bo uermanentty located, with a template office,
and read/ to fill orders for all kinds of printing, in'a
ftw ll and 16 West Reodolph-it., near the
bridge.
Franklin Denison,
Attorney at Law,
Would inform hi* client* nnd friend*, that he li*B
reopened hi* office at Booms A&«. SOI W.MadUum-at
F. D. Cossift Co.,
WHOLESALE GROCERY,
ilar I* found al 45‘PAKK AVENUE. until thoir
new building on Michigan.ar., corner of Monroe
it., i* ready to occupy.
isucari now arriviu? from New York. Some Tots
on hand, and expect to be rtudy to mi all orders by
lb* 25th of Octol»er.
Notice.
All onr depositors will Le paid In’ full at once b«
eajimu at Mate.»t., and money ad rancid on col*
Uterala or account*ln savings banks: alio, on soil
rent iuiaranco comptnv’* policlc*.
James Baxter a co.’
formerly at Ui Washington**!.
Giles, Brother Co.
Hare opened at 158 Twenty ii-eond-it.. near Stito
with a lull line of goods. Orders promptly nited*
Willi many tine goods saved »ud through tlielr New
York and Parisian houses they can offer all tlwl
former indocemeots to purchasers. r
j. r. i>v<us,
Delphi, In i.
J, f.case, ni
c. H. noym, j Chicago.
Dugan, Case i Co.,
CUM.SIISSIUS MEKCHASTS. 3o >nd J! West Mn!l-
U>.l| silcuccd on con.innmcnt. Mrd.r. lollciEcd
for purebav* «»r*»lt of gralu provision*, etc.
Chicago Cutlery Manu faoturing Co.
OiaceandFactory.ir7tolS7Mather.it,
Our factory was not burned; will *»l| cutlery at old
P rtce M. RUUL. Secretary.
D. U. Trimble, M.
Southeast cor. Miclilgan-ar. and Twenty.iocond«at.
Geo. Scoville,
law ofhoe,
NO. Aj CLINTON-8 r.
W. T. Reid Co. f
PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURERS.
130 West Madlsou-st.
Repairing and tuning a specialty.
Lunl, Preston Kean,
BANKERS,
MASONIC BUILDING.
(Virner HaUted and Randolph.*!*..
OPEN FOR BUSINESS ON MONDAY
Geo. M. How Co.
Have secur'd their bnoks and papers in perfect
order, and are prepared to attend, with thoir usual
promptness, to all consignments and onbrs Thrr
mav l«e found at ls3 Wcat Madltou at K>om 7. nutil
their i»»w ofiice. 45Sonth Canal-st 1- completed
Dr, Julien S, Sherman,
t **rpo*. 353 State-st., near Harrison. OClc# h onr
James B. Storey Co.,
ini South Clinton.st.. will bnr or loan money on
watches, diamonds, jewelry, solid ailver ware, and
other good collateral*.
Lazarus Silverman 4 Co.,
B-mkcr*. liar- removed their bank to Vo. *2
n ahMh'ar., vbere tli-y aro ready to continue their
business as lu-retoforH.
•LAZARUS SILVERMAN CO.
Kenty 4 Jenkins,
Oita of all kinda. We are prepared to nil orders aa
usual. Carbon oil at low figures. Office 31 North
C. W. Perkins 4 E. R. Rogers,
BANKING OFFICE,
Ko. 77 Adams-lt"
Sweet, Dempster Co.,'
are alive, and nlrcada receiving goods at their n*w
-tore. 52 aud 61 Meat Washington *r. Will Im. pic
(taral by the 2uih lost, to offer to the trad- a lull a«.
iurtiuent o( bats, capa, fats, gloves. tnllliuu, otc.
Heimerdinger 4 Florahelm,
LEATHER AND FINDING*.
UO Twenty-third-sf.
Dent 4 Black, Lawyers,
710 WABAbH.AV.
Ur. DENT, at htc House.
<2SOUTH SHELDON*BT., after 4 p m.
Mcrrlam Alexander,
LAWYERS,
Office I<9 West Washington**:., on Monday. ICth
Just.
J.T. Rewlelgh Co.,
FLOUR AND FEED.
Corner of Green and West Monroe-ata. Will bo ready
In a fbw daya.
Ulrich Bond,
Rfa L r t u T> f*«lpr«. reopen«*d office at 3:i W«Wi,.
»v. Will be happy to ataistiUl old frGndanud patron*
•very way in our p-wer. Houars at Hyde Park.
Oakland, and In dry to dispose of.
Office of P. O’Neill,
Importer and <lv«l*r in Wine*. Liquor*, and Cigars
95 East lUrriaim-st.. corner Thlrd-av. A full linZ
••fwlnr*. Liquor*, and 'icars jr.ow on hand and cn
ronlo front tliv Kaat. Ordeis received and prontplir
attended to.
11. W, Itogcrw, Jr«, «k Urn.,
Hare tl«elr office temporarily at Room No. 4, io Weal
Raudulph-at.. upstairs.
Office of
W. J WHITE
Card attd. Foal Engraver, Boi Stale-it,
Reynolds Ulclibcr^,
Law Offices, Marine. Protesting etc.. Notary Pub
lie. Room 5, Luid’a Block, corner Randolph and
.Matkrt-sts. Papers, documents, aud llbraiy saved.
losornnee cUinu »lju«!cd.
Notice.
Doctor* MILLER 4 KECK.
Ilommopattiic Phy.lcUm,
Formerly Ho- m tu Uetrupulltan Block, may be foQud
at No. fit B”tith Ehaabetn-at. near M»dituu-n.
Hassell’s Mill,
No. S9FULTOS-ST.
Corner of Drsplalues-st. will run as usual on
Monday morning, UrtoU-r M. ;fTI.
Hutch, Holbrook Co.,
UARR WO,Dp LLMCCU.
2r>i Archvr-sr., Chicago. Branch Fan], 499 Kirer«»t.
AlilcauWif.
DcIU, French Co.,
BRIDGE ASDCAR DLILDEHS,
(iflcf. M? W»Wli«tr.
The Singer Sewing; Slachlue.
The office f
J. S. WILKIN’?*,
fcrmarly IS! lVarUicii-gu.pew at 16? Bitwaakee-ar.
Wm. 11. Thompson,
t.kal Estate aclst.
J?.* Wet Matlisun-if., Thompson's Block.
attention tolaaalag property ami- cob
leettnt r«*nt*.
itvddlu A; IlnmUtuu.
office 12:9 'pratiue av
BempvaJ
Eduards. iltuett A; Co.,
will open with a good stock *>f
Jltfh’S’ AND BOW CLOTUJSO,
i at a' 6 Stau***t.. and al*o corner >ladiiou J.'C.t
(uni, on or Bl 'Ut yorriaVr I.
y. 11. Marahstt,
SEAL ESTATk AND LOAN BROKER,
202 and 204 W*. *t Madis»Q>it..
Unoßn and A.
rmssenger Agei
BUSINESS CARDS.
Removed Oct. 7,
phoenix planing .mill
HOLTSAMIIEB A RANDALL. Proprietor*.
Contractors and Builders, and Mn&ur.c*nr«n rtf
A..1,,D„0,., Blind-, M=.,Ulic.»,. Tc ta™ ..J
office corner ofSangamon nt»d Carroll-*!,
J. G. Salisbury,
practical buiCdsr,
Will make estimates and contract for all landing?
Office—W Si.nth Canal-*t.. second Co»r.
Wholesale W-inea and-Liquor*.
Office and Store 719 West >laJi»oii »t.
Shoenfeld Bros. A Co.,
lias resumed bn»Sne«ir ‘nt ‘5! Canil-ir nrn
of Waahtnxton. where ho t. sow VsSdy
Swcli. df UI! ,ÜBI,U B®.Mte«a «a orders with
FORIIKRLY lts CLABK-ST.,
«.M or-j! on efflep. nnrtlic.Bt con.,, lKrti.on .nd
n.l.tod-.t.., on In.nlnr mu, e>n
nt oM pricM. Mr low in tbo or„t Or.
nrnrlr *100.000; no iii.nr.net. but all mr ontrernnd
ambition i* left. Hope to eoon makb up my lose by
Jioueel and lair dealing. 1 am jutt cotupletiag a
large building, 76*115, which will suoa he ready for
o-ctipaucr; is well aultM for a wlmleeale busluM*
Hitchcock, Dupes Evarta
Atti.rn.y-, mar (..nnd >t Its Sonth
for. 1., a.,.; then at corner W.ll. amt atSVcSIt:
Notice.
Th-bu«ln*** hour* of Rf. R«t. Dr tntPr
ollc Bi-hop. of Cbicaco. win be from li?r ma
ni. at bt. Patrick’s Church. eoroS of Sttaif Jmi
I>eeplainr*«et».. nntii tnrthT neHcn an.i
Tinners’ Tools.
HANDSOME PARLOR STOVES
remaining from Block. Cal! at Store North Hale ted
■t., corner Carrol, or by mail. 11 tea
ASHLEYSIKAitf.
ENGRAVER ON WOOD.
i* removed to 165 WVat 3Udi«oii-it. Order* wdielied-
Lee’s,
m COTTAGE_CROVE.AV.
A full supply of Tobafco and Cigar*,
lawyer.
Nos. 9 and II North CnnaUst.. -with Platt. Thorne
Maynard.
Bush, Hill.Johnston,-
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Corner Lake and South Water-stt..
am ready tor ba«ioesa.
Equitable bife. Assurance Society
oy TUS UNII£D 31.U KS.
located at 083 Wabacli-ar. All bootl. oaten
iud money preserved.
ii. y. JEN KI SUN, Gen
Fancy Steam Dye Works,
I By C. DAiILGREN. 179 West Kandoiphiat.
•VI t,f n<l C'Httemen’a clothe* cleaned
»nu dyed m the flneet stylo at former prices.
tauter Hill,
GENERAL COJI3IISSION MERCHANT.-,
50 West Lako.it,
nf»t Bnfb-red from the fire. and am pro
psfrd to bundle all cooslgomenti with despatch.
X. J. Morrlf Co.,
SANUrACTURERS OF STAR DIKING POWDER
L-iUndry Blueing. Flavoring Extract*. Writing and
Copying Fluid, school Ink. MucliUge, Ac.
union park, ton. Madison. st.
Reyburn, Hunter «k Moulton,
Cffim at Twcnty.«ccnnd»gt. Savings Itsnt.
C*eo. R. Noyes ik Messlngcr
11 and 13 Market**!, ofllca with A*. W. Baxter A Co.
fool of West Washington.*!. Flour sacks, plain and
primed wrapping paper*, grocers’ bags.lwlue*. etc.,
etc. Will be ready to fillurd.-r* within a few days.
Batlacss Directors’,
COMMERCIAL AGENCY.
TAPPAN, M’KILLOP ACO., x. and 37 South Ca-
llallork Wheeler,
NO. 73 WEST RANDOLI’II-ST.,
11! rcceivo to a fow’d«y*a new stock of leather and
Rubber BelUnr. Hn«i.. Parking, etc.
Dr. 12. Woodbury’*
OFFICE IS AT NO. Ml WEST WASHIKGTON-ST.
C orner nfGrr«-n«t.»
Isaac It* Hitt,
BEAL ESTATE AREN'T.
t’3f West Randolph**!,.
Chicago; Illinois.
Cilnton-fct. Mills,
IT.. 23 aud 27 North Ginton-st. Choice family
Hour; also, corn, oata, meal, and feed, at the loweit
-cash price".
C4ottdy Ac Chandler,
Dr. J. lx Newman,
DENTIST.
I«irm«rly earner State and Madlfon-st*.. can Ik*
found at So West 3ladiioo-et., with Dr. 0. E. Sny
dvr. Dentist.
la now In working order, with a full stock, at 2ui
Weat Madismi-at.
Friends and customers pirate call.
x o r^*.^‘. M, clilcau.av.; packingkrnae. corner of
3” •‘•Hrcsd crosalng and Indlana-nv.. at
bmltli a icehoiuo. Orders again promptly QlleJ aa
heforw thw ft re.
A. tL Guild, Jr.,
Altornay at Is»w; Notary Public.
Proofs of loatca prepared and certified to at 333
U eat
Hall llise,
i CO3I MISSION MERCHANTS,
hate reopened at 87 Twehty.fiecdnd'.st. Books saved,
and prompt returna m h»r.-t..for».
B. A. ULRICH.
WM. A. ROND.
Dr. R. D. McArthur,
Office, 10 Randolph-fit. Residence. 122 Throop-st,
On account of too hut a reception on Monday.
Octobers. DROOKMAN A SKINNER'S Livery,ha*
mor«l to corner State and Twenty-!-cOntl-H-..
whore all account* will b* promptly settled. Tbe
patron ige ut our friend* solicited.
Being warmly prusM. we have removed our office
J?‘DvjarU.ru**t. to .‘O Kaat'.U*rrr*uQ-ar.- JNO.
y »8d heal Estate Agent, and
NICHOLSON BKuS. X CO.. Builders.
Scovllle Si Harvey,
Real Estate aud Loans, *3 Wcat Unadolph-at. and
368 Wabash-av. Wo Iwvc ord.-rt. to buy (or Eastern
panic* progeny Tn burnt diatrlql-
Hart Bros.,
CENTa* FURNISHING GOODS.
Form-rly LaK*-s5
Uavs rp-tusl an i-ffice at No, SiSlxivvulU-st.. where
they will tian.act ttjrlr butine** temporarily. We
oeg to aay to our customers Hist we sli*li soon re*
•>p.*o witii a Urgvr-aiock than aver. r-.
HART Rgf»s..
BOOKSELLER A STATION Eli
Inform* Jiis frienh'and easterners that *ll or.!vp.
or Books and SutiotWy will W promptly filled ;.t
(idgjmh lVori.i«>t., Chicago.
Hammer'd; Smith**
L*w OGjc* will b« at 379Ntote-it.. until th*ir *’h**
Itarn,*’ near llirir old placj is finished. Tuey wife
he t*le».*-d (e assist thrtr clients and friend* I.
proving ,tr.
Waiter M* Howland,
ATTORNEY AND NOTARY.,
Formerly with S. 51. Moore A Co. Especial attes'
lion gii«n to Insurant** rUlnx, of toaa, Ac.
Other. 7V West Mailiaoo-at.
John Kraut,
319 Clan Island -»r., manufacturer of furniiore.
wholesale *nd retail; also office rnrnltit
Mead iliggtu*,
WHULRSA LC*G ROGERS,
Will return* Lnsiots*, In a .few-days, corner Green
cti.i WeoW**h|nvs<-n-sll.’
Aikin, Lambert i Co.^

GOLD FENS AND TINS JEWELRY,
AT It AND t6 MAID KN LANE. N. Y„ AND 3»
DEAUBOUN.ST.,
Hare located for the winter at
5S WEST WAaII I N GTON*3 T.
They bare rec. iroJ a sevkiock of tuods fram New
)or* and will btrfltlins o. airs by iu-*jiy*. Tliej
Will alsb'tto rvpcluuug tsru*>t Iliac lime, and wilt.U
d to many trtru-U at Hw-ir new >ju ir «f>.
Wire a ton, Ilrndcrson ik t'd.,*
ormerty at 2it ami 3 6 WatUiuglwn-at., are now
lacatud at
73 VEST LAKB-ST.,
and can (111 promptly all urdves ior groceries, prorlt
iun a id ship tnppllra.
NORMAN C. PKRKfSd AND J. A. CRAM,
Sjyunlzel 4 Hass,
7>} Btate-it. MarUo Frobl.'
FRED. S. fcTEWAJtT. WM> U. U.
Late with the Western NiWj Co.
VVM. B. h WKNTZEt.. Ute with Security lire Insur
auce Co.
We shill hare a large stuck uf JUai k Rook*. Writ
jag P«p*r, Envelop »;sc ,‘Nt thil *reok. The ttai
•applied »t i>msnn«bhj rates.
it.
h
E. Ammon Co.,
Mandas WabaSh-ar.
6UOKNFELD BROS.,
35 and 37 North Clark-et.
Offire-bCT Watnah-ay.*'
L. Shoent ld,
J. Sboeufrl.j,
H. fb'wnfrh).
L. Branaahwclg.
R. Rose,
A LUIUTECT,
J. H. Keeler,
J. Manz r
Wm. Y. Daniels,
S2I STATE-ST.
E. Jamieson,
ATTORNEY
At S2l State-it.
At the Old Price*.
Jas. L. Stark,
LIGHTNING RODS.
nabst.
HOFFMAN A CO Proprietors.
LAW OFFICE
391 Wahwli^ir.
11. lx Data
A. Booth’s
OYSTERS.
Removal.
Ilcmoval.
IV. G. lloimc<,
Jyaw Office
3?; Sllcblcau-aV.
Jowott,
Chicago business directory-
The fallotting are the nanus of tom* of Vie Uad~
uuj house* in the city, arranged trUh a
view to convenience of reference.
Advertising Agency.
H. H. CHANDLER, General Advertising Agent,
85 South Canal and 41(3 Stote-Pt., will receive
cards for ibis directory.
Attorntys*at«latr.
4t Randolph-*!.
KLDItf.DCn A TOUBTELoITK, ns West Madison*
o.r. an i Tvemr-tecond-st.
•lost aII ll OIn>KLL, 51 West UsudulpU-lt,
GOUDY A CIIANDLRit. 391 Wabaih-av
HERBERT A QUICK. 5i9 State-*:.
Architects.
ROBB ACKERMAN. 132 MadWm-at
E. S. JENISON. eua Stalo-Tt.
Boots and Shoes.
DOGGETT, BASSETT HILLS, 522 Wabash-av.
C. 11. FAKGO A CO. 613 W’ab4»h-ar.
Baking Powder.
DR; PRICE'S. Cfeam Bakins Powder. 47 and 49
WeslLakc-st.
Banks.
F JONA L, 449 W'abaih-av.
t UL RTH NATIONAL, 473 Waba-h-av
FIFTH NATIONAL «9 Wabash-ar* s
.yoi?,. MS W«bMh-«v.
‘EIJ’IS'ISLWS*-
N L.“u^ BaTEas KATIuK 'i‘ bake, m IV..
Bedding and Loanges.
g H. PRICE CO.. 31 and 33 South
Balldlug Pnper.
ROCK RIVER PAPER CO., r* North JefforsouHt.
Carriages.
L dolpW^ N BBOEKE Cur Ann and West Ran
Coal,
MINEH T. AMES CO., 1 W. Randolph tt.
Carpets,
E. P. HOLLISTER CO., lOand 12 NorthCanal-«t
ALLEN MACKEY. 711 Stat*.«.
Clothing*
HENRY W. KING CO. 24 Market-m
DPOU) KUHN i CO. 4« av
1 iv? LL TawK|, «»wN WETMOuS. 159 Wabash*
Chicago Paving Company.
J ?SL2!£*" ,iaW Prc,iJcnt IB We,t W.,h-
Cement.
C I o?^«.! £a f BanJ and U.I-
Crockery.
11. P. MERRILL A CO., 407 West Madlion-st,
j Commission MerchanU.
r nTcS, N MAY VU!D «s
BAIIE A c0 (Ilroducc S? Mid 27 Jf. Clin-
V “ASdolph-t.
Eandolp°a WILLIAMS. (pralucJSS \F.
2* (hlghwincs) 25 S. Canal**!
tdrlC<l ,tn,, J 8:1 an l W W
I’ r,,t J'aJiwn-it.
rnK^{^t&ruSryfi>«7i- lkM
A-!- M West Lake-it
01 INN. SWIKTACO. (Klunr), 3i North Canal-at.
Detective t Preventive Agency.
PINKERTON'S, 55 W*. Washington -ft.
Fugine*—Machinery.
'VM. McGREOOR, 53 South Canal-el
dsph:,™ ol>£li CU 10 d 13 'Vet JUn.
expresses.
>al Llko t and Titan Ij.
Express Offices,
nSff £SPKESS M d 01
Engraven and Die Sinkers.
U. n. HANSON. Si Welt Madiion-it.
Fruits and Fancy Groceries.
M GRAFF A CO., 123 Weit 4ladiion.it.
Forwarding and Insurance.
an C dli;S^£* t0 ,uull corner Eandolph
Furniture.
Farm Wagons,
PETER SCUUTTLER, 103 and 109 Soulb Caoat.it.
Grocers.
DAY, ALLEN’ CO.. 031 Mlchlgan-ar
SIBLEY A ENDICOTT. 771 Wabash-ar.
Hardware.
J. K. BOTSFORD A SON. Ml Wnbasfa-ar.
Hides and Leather.
CHANDLER BOYINGTON. 49 South Canal aL
House'aud Sign Fainting.
MARTIN A LEONARD. 325 West Madlson-st.
Insurance (Fire).
f W-. BARRETT A C* l 9 South UalsUd-st
I- ‘l» K RVA 1 v i I i?| N •5. scu 1 D P l l ;l! l! 2 South cinaLit,
RYAN A CO., 15 and 4> houtli Canal'*!.
Insurance (Life)*
Canal-st.
nJiuSy’.^ ll 50u,1, cor r tt.nJoiph
E Scun,wc,k corner Hoisted and Ran.
Iron, Steels, Nails, &c.
KIRK, COLEMAN A CO., 3i Sooth Oanal-et.
HALL, KIMBAIIk AC0.,436 Wabash-av.
Iron Foundry*.
THE DAVID M. FORD. 30 to 63 West Washing
lon-st, and -IT to 55 South CHnton.eL
Improved mercantile Agency
J. M. BRADSTREET SON. M Caual-M.
Jewellers.
A. 11. MILLER, 479 Wnbash-av;
CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE. STB Wuhaah uv.
Jatianned Ware and Tin Cans
MORTON A FRANCIIER. 63and 65 South Canal-st.
Distillers Wholesale Llqnor Dealers*
DICKINSON, LKACII CO., 25 South Canal-tit.
Law Books.
CALLAGHAN 4 CROCKCROFT, 121 West Ran
uolph-at.
Leather Bcltinga
MUNtsON CO., 14 and in Canal-M,
Livery Stables.
IIAAfe POWELL. 25 to 31 West Madifon-sl.
Leather Findings.
RAGE BRO. Jb CO., 35 and 37 Canal-et.
BLACKBURD BRO., 27 South Canal-rt,
Liquid Slating and Black Boards.
J. DAVIb WILDER, 273 Wcat Randulpb.st.
Millinery
11. W. J. M. WETHERELL, 3GO Wabifib-ar.
Matches.
ECLECTIC MATCH-CO.. PT West Madlson at.
Meachant Tailoring.
MATTHEWS A MASON, 639 Wabaih-av.
Oils (Wholesale.)
KENLY JENKINS, 3t North Canal-st.
Oysters and Fish.
A. BOOTH. 6ft7 Mirhlgan-av.
F. J. RUTH. 83 and 67 South oana]-9t.
D. D. MALLORY CO., 114 West Randolph-fit.
Office and School Furniture.
11. M. SHKiIWfiOU. IttJ to I(oSnmh Canal-at
IA. H. ANDREWS CO., 119 and 121 W. Washing
ton-fit.
Paper Dealers.
NORTHWEST PAPER i.'O., 87 West Lakr-at.
Pianqs.
IV. W. KIMD.VLL, 610 Mfchlffan-ar.
J. BAUER CO., 370 Michlgan-av.
Periodicals.
THE SPECTATOR.*’ <3o Stale st.
rinmblnß and Gas FUtlaff.
W. 11. PATTERSON, 121 West Randulph-al.
Ballway Supplies.
MARSH GUDDRIDGE, southwest corner Canal
aud Lako.
Beal Bstate and Loan.
S. H. KERFOOT CO.. 43 and 43 Wcat Lakc-st.
BLANCHARD BROS., SOT Slale-sl.
SNYDER k I.KK, ’j .-uutii llat*:ed and corner ‘of
M-.«ro*»ad LaSal!-.«t* Nixun’a Buildtuc.
RAIRI* A IIRADLEY, o8 south ('aual-st.
U. s. IIUBUA «D. Jr., 7u South Canal-st.
uGDKN. SHELDON X SCUDDED. 6J South Oa
nal-at.
lir.SUY WTUPPLB .t CO., fif-uibweat corner Eaa
d«lph and Hxlsiod-tt-.
A. KoVATs, southwest corner Randolph aod Hal
stod-*ta.
lUllroad Depots aud Ticket Offices.
MICHIGAN CENTRAL, fuotof T«enty-a*cond-st,
Ticket Office curner Canal and Madiaon-al*.
Sewing Machines.
HOME SHUTTLE SEWING MACHINES, north
cast corner Madison and Battzamon-fit*.
Hash, Doors, and Blinds.
CHARLES J. L MAl'EIt, southeast comer West
Lake and Canal-sts.
Sadillrrj' Hardware.
BRIGHAM A JoKE**, i< W«st INndolph-st.
Seale*, Track** Ac.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAP CO.. II Sooth
Cansl-st.
•L P* FORSYTH A CO.. 46- South Pcsplalncs BL
CHICAGO SCALE CO., 31 and 36 West Washing
ton-st,
Stencil Tools and Stock.
FINIGAN, Ml E. RandoTph-st.
11. Han-on, 3l Wo.it Madison-st.
[Stationery. Job Prlatinjr, Blank. Book
j MaunfactarcrSf Ac.
CULVER. PAGE, UOYNE CO., It, 13, and 13
North Dewdalnwi-M.
SMEAL, REBANKS CO., 45 West Waahinc*
JOHN IT. SMALL CO., 37 Booth Ctnal-sL
T tt, b „s' a J £RN >'E'VS COMCANV, !8,07, on*
03 \\cet HaLdolnh-ft.
CASIKKON, AMBEUG A HOFFMAN. 16 WW.Ban
tlelpll*at.
Safes c
DIEBOLI) KIBNZLEB, 44ft Stale st.
Trank Maunfactitrer*.
RILEY A DBANDINMOUUE; 49 North Jeflcrs.n-st
Wholesale Stove*.
J. F. RATHBONS C 0.,3) and 32 Sonlh CanaUt.
Wholesale Groceries*
WARNER CO„ 38 South Csnal-st.
Z. M. HALL. S3i) ssd SCI Kast Ktndolph-Bt.
IVholeiale
WM.BLAIR£ CO.. 3ysnd Canai-at.
BRIT-SCLL, TERRY HELDEN. 57 West Lake
st-
INSURANCE,
.lOccldentai Fire Insurance Co*,
OF SAX FUANC/SL't), CAL
A. v. GRKENKIIAUM, AGENT.
Ofhce, 46 West R indolph-st.. up Btaln.
All >u»'«lln«r p*dlriM In this company pleasa report.
freadway Jewsll, Insurance Agenti.
The "Alps" Insurance Company, ef Erie, Ps*
;ill adjust and pay Its h.s*es promptly, and cantinas
milnes* as usual, pcitcfas and ceitid*
.atei will I* issued in a few days. Ou MomNy next
v» will arire
our offlea. when «a will U* lu plraSvtl recelr* co
jamerous patron*.
F. A. Slitcbqt
\d]n«lerof Fin* T.o«?«*«. OHlro Tat Flats jf. Perm
yen/*’ la Lifctir *inv, Hat adjua'pd liw«-c
or'tuany of the mot ptouiinrnt companie*. Will
make up claims kti I i t*»*nl them to the companies.
itc "Tt-ncei civt-p as requir -I.
MASONIC NOTICES.
rNatlonfil Lodge Ko. 555, A. F. npdA.
x 11 Hbe ro-onened shortly In a suitable sit
PERSONAL*.
I FT. min'. J fillKV, Ull w. STONE CALL AT
m the, will
THE FIRE. SAMUEL H
Rial, lute of Pittsburg. Pa. Any Information
regarding him will he thankfully received. I’onimit
nJcal* wjth \V. s. THORN, Ticket Agttt F. W
C. Railway Depot, CaasLst., Cljicnjo.
P F swsal-wtll Joseph op. Cordelia s
v m,,ke their Whereabouts kaonn to IL
r. Iv., Hotel.
PEIISUNAL-JANE M. KERNE!!. OR JvNE M
h. VL SKs ysfiT N^sS ?f l r
MART LUbK. CATfIE.
«L i*»?'L*n« and mmllr itni.rin
Pmlrhwir 1 Cdn hedr of tl,em? F DECK. taWg
PSSW r,?W po 't Jlli T T,,K south'
.7 .U? Fuifeo '.-a.:: or *r
T>ARTIES HAVING GOOIM GIVEN THK3I IN
Klfh* ~f t,le fir t»r G(*«Hiricli,
nitby A Co. trill please return tbom t,. U.mirti,*
House. Coltaxo GruTo av. GUUDBICH. KtUBY A
PEUSONAL-MAISY ANN 3IcDI)NALI». WHo
l ilh? corner cf Dearborn
■nd ladUna.su.. has not been heard of »im> the
S. Any intormation of her
wherenb-jiiu will h, ihnnkfulTy reccir.,l by her
mother, M Writ Indiana. at., corner of Union
pEUSONAL-SIISS MACK tFOKMBRLY UF
rt V‘tr.‘il) will much relievo the anxiety of b«r
irteuda if s.ie will communicate nt oncu wltlitli.
nodrr*l«ued, or accept for h-rsolf mid relative, tin*
hospitality of hi* lioum'. which ne will plailtjr alTonl
hcrandtheiu. lIENKV \V. yof
31untre.il), llannhun, Ontario.
ptBsONAL—NELLIE FALLEN, LTUIIIB Hu.
7*','.' 1 1 2!ary VV lialyii. call at Tli.yrr A Toiler
Mo'li.r, to p nr ,Ja »“>1 'Vet Randolph.,;.,
P K S2?kM A t I n B KAK F HIE Fill!! OF
rowci!.,,.
UKAYTON Cl>. C\N
r wiiiTt rwprr,y bc !i’ uc,t ‘S thrm by calling on E
mpj cori »er tauel and 3Udl*uu*sts., bate*
BOARDING AND LODGING.
OR stanton*a v ..:nkar pocolas-place-
UU One small fnrnhhed and our Urge uuturuUbrU
ruwut to reut, with boird.
ofl SOUTH SIAY.ST. BETWEEN MADISON
Kf Vand Washington-:: largofurnUhed rooms, with
board, suitable for gent and wile or lingte gentle
men. Gxs, bath, Ac. Kelereticrs required.
Q*l SOU 111 SANGAMON-ST.-BOARD AT
t/1 moderate charge*.
nn SOUTH CIthEN.ST.-TWu YOUNG GEN*
liv tlcmen can find a comfortable room and
board.
mri JlllUllP-iT. A GENTLEMAN AND
wif* or two single gentlemen van get gnu 1
board In a pnrate jamily cast of Union Park. In
quire at Ilf Thruop-tt.
lift SANGA.MON-ST.-A FEW PERSONS GAN
HO obtain g”od board and room* at rt-ry rra-
M-uabie ratet; also, a largo front room ler ccn*
Hrtnati and wi'e. or *ultwbl* for nn nffic-.
1 WARREN*AY., BETWEEN .WOOD AND
Iw I Linc»*ln**ts.—Kuroisheßl room and bjnrJ for
Rruilvmau and wife, in a smell Imnily. To the
right parties a pleasant home for the Winter.
T7<i AND ITS WEST LAIvK-ST.-LW
lIU wanted; the cheapest and best buarl iu th»
city.
OIQ PARK-AV. COSIFURTaBLK ROOM
it/ with board, with use «»f phmu, lor gentlu
man and wife, in a private family. llrfercDces re*
united.
9 t1 Monroe ST.-KI KENT—NICELY FUR
X. niuhid room*, wlihor witbont b iarJ.
v*ard*placo -lint-cUu board, and roods to
rent tlocation ver> desirable.
733. fcT j ;'<-KSON-ST.-Il).uii>. with
I OOnlc* rix.m on ,l cot atlJ c O
ur ucatlbmsn and irir. dciriiiß alcai.nt
[l 7ft WEST JACKSUN-ST.-COOJ) JUmUD FOR
TCI O.* c-nlletn to an d wlfoai-d three yomic men
No boardors In tnially now, lerius reasonable for
puompt payers.
7J_9 WEST LAKE.ST.-J OR 3 GKNTLKMRy
I X« f«t find co.trd and rooms In n priTato family
nooth«r boarder*. Apply 7<l
1117 ISDIANA-AV.—TWO GENTLEMEN AND
Ai.il their wive* can find good room* with
board. In a small private family.
(MUST-CLASS BOARD AND PLEASANT ROOMS
X fitrniihod or unfurniehed, fur gentleman anil
wife or gentlemen. Inquire of A. M. PIERCE, at
the r»«ld'»nce of A. C. Stoart.
Hubbard place-transients will
find the b»»t of accommodation* at J. Wo .d*’.
39i) State*»t. Charge* reasonable*
Nice rooms and board in evanston fob
a man and wife in a prifato family. Address
Evanston, Box Is.
PLEASANT ROOMS. WITH BOARD. FOR A RE
spec-table fatnilv at reasonable terms. St* Me
commi>d«tlnn*. if desired. Anplv to A. J. Ilopp
SIAN. Thatcher Station, near School House. Galena
Divl*iou.N. W. R. It., five miles from city limits
rpHUEKOR FOUR SINGLE GENTLEMEN CAN
X be accommodated with board at If. ai.d *7 prr
"rmate family; most be re'Uble. Address
11 NorthSsngamnn.it.
PARNNERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED—WITH SI.Ono.TO ENG \GK
Inn manufacturing bnsines*; no (-nmpptition:
per cent. Addr.-sj} THOMSON, 603 West
PARTNER WANTED -IN A DRUG STOUR-
Active or-ibrnt. IPgchnnc-i fur th« right man
with i.\:QO or 43.000. Address SN. Tribune office.
PARTNER WANTED-Wiri! 55.0V1 CAPITAL,
to engage in aneiublbhed buiioes*— manntac
luting sash, doors. Ac and planing mil. Liberal
arrangements win be offered the right man. Ad
dress B. Mlchigun-ar.
MISCELIiANEOPS.
AGENT* "ANTED —TWO EXPERIENCED
travelling agents fur tliu Wear, to p«p.i
hangings. Communications to bo addressed to let
lur-box 2,8111, bt. Lonla. Mo,
u ,s ll V‘tV- 1 r J ‘*l**. II Aa Lt»-
cated lit <i, »«-«t Lake bt. and re»<ly t«v
ertvo household goods to Bril in commission uilhrr
•5 Trl»*i»» mI» or Auction-alsu repairing and
cleaning at old prices.
TTOUSEHOLD GOODS-KUUNITURE CARPETS
1A and n-ni’uvd household gooits for sole at old
pt ers aljo tbr beat Furnituro Polish for’cleuuing, for
aal« by J. 11. Pike, 767 Weal Lake street.
OFFICE OF J. L. DAVIS. AT No, 376 STATE
at.. Room I. Rooms and olticvs tv rent in same
budding.
PARTIES HAVING HOUSES AND ROOMS
furnished and nafunilitlied, cm have tenant* by
rfV;*. H dr ,c l P t i OM i "Ud Pnio to PHIL-
Lll’b (.HANDLER, Ural Estate aud Loan Lro-
Hers. 93 3V. at M«dUoii-»f.
STEAM PUMPS. ENGINES. AND MACHINERY
of oil descriptions enpplh d from Eastern ni-tnu
■•cturvrs by telegraphic orders. Office at C. MASON
X 0.. 1C Carroli-at. 1., P. DODGE.
f rO EXCHANGE-HOUSES AND LOTA ASH
lor; for North Side lota. EDMUND
O. SriLKA. tl; Mwt Rmnlojph-et.
M'O LX* lIANGE—EIGHTY ACRE ARM. WELL
X improved, 9J mile* out, fur lot in burnt district:
value a hunt Sl.btO. WuLF k FARLEY. U'J South
CUrk-at.
WANTED— TO FIND MR. MAULTON, LATE
ul Manlto* iiuti-e. North WriU.st., thiacit*.
Ai/(j U v[• C Hule, Uuolu GEORGE
W f 'ANTED-TO PURCHASE 3» FEET IK ItCUNT
distrirt r.tt State »t. AUdretJ J. G. DROWN,
287 Slichigjtt-ar.
VIT A STEP—TO KNOW THE PRESKNT WHERE
v» about* of Garreit CutGn. are t3. ?»to of **or
ter’fi Ti-lfvraph Collrgo, ><y his brother. T. J. Cullen.
fiW ">u Madiaon at. All t,blcu<> piper* copy.
\\TASTKD-TO PIIUCIIASK-AO FEET ON \VA
<Q burut district. Addrvas J. U
BROW N, 237 Mlchigtii-ar.
W ANTED-TO INVEST A FEW THOUSAND
dnliara lu ci«h in a p tyiue buxines*. Address,
stating full particular*. Ilox 9, Janesville, Wis.
WANTED-VA CAST EOT AS FIUST PAY
tnsnt on pleasant hnuvu of ten room*, with
large lut. located at Lombard. Price. i3.»rj.
CUAFLIN DUOS.. 732 Madison-fit.
ANTKD-TO LEASE, FOR A THRU OF
yoara, 20, to, or 00 Gut on State st.. Walxsh or
Michigau-av*.. l»lw-vn llaniaoo and W'a.bingtun
tj. Call oraddrraa J. E. H., 10:3 Wabash-av.
a
IAH BARRELS STRAIGHT KENTUCKY
luu wlilskl»-s. three and four year* old, aaved
from the hie. which wc will sell ch*np fur cash. Wo
hare«l*o, ptentv of ale -hot and.ftpints. at 23 South
C-*nal ar.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
Horses wanted-i aai pukpaued to
keep 13 or 7> driving horsrs lor the present, or
tor the winter, at a moderate cost, at my (arm ti< ar
Riveraid-*: good stnblr*. good can-, graiii if required,
a flue ynrd. shaded on nil *id«-s. with hay barracks In
the centre: a Urge grove on high land, withabnn
dtnceof-rprinr water; carriagu honan to store car
tiaces, whi-re ihero is no danger fr-m flfo. 1 want
to buy :drly w»rk h«rse« fir a p«rty at tlm Ka«t;
alt**, horse* s»id for my friend*, ti they wish. Apph
rear ofr.lt and 3(3 West Washiugtou-st.
JAMEo D. BECKETT.
WANTED— A PAIR OF TROTTING HORSES.
IT t** trot in 2:V» or b.-tter; mice low. An«wer
immiHiiatrlj'. AJlren H. 11., R-aoiu 17 Shcmian
IlnUt*.
BUSINESS CHANGES.
CORNER GROCERY AND SALOON. WEST
J\ Side. flrat-eU** fixture*. •mill •lock, for sale.
AJJrrM U. nUAXNAN. f.itv Ih-at time-.
l STOCK OF GROCERIES AND GOOD WILL
tor sal. of store doing a good bnsiuca#. 317 Wwl
li.diaua-sr.
AyUKKNSWA HE ESTABLISHMENT FOR SALE
—ln town «l &,«vi p-pu'a km; fttcirw doing
gmat tr-de: th-»e«t nfrui'-n given Kr selling. Ad*
mu P. O. Box 3vi. Uln**r, 1 He.
PHYSICIAN'S OFFICE, FURNITURE. AND
J\. practice of five i»*r«, tu tool locality. I-m
sale. For '»ir«li**r ptrlicn' trs call on or address L.
p QRIKFIN. M D.. S? Bin* Islander.
Amuck of drug?. «nn muiik.
5 r>*otns. and l*rc** l.arri lor stir. Py*,e-»lo» at
cni.-o. WOLFE A FIN LEV. 4t9 South Cl-irk-st.
BUAiUilNG'KliysE piRSALK. IN SPLENDID
l->rsliiin: clu.'i. tor cash pVrlie* gmig to love
tfarcDr. A«l»r»-» M EL. Tril iine'ofTj.r.
DRUG SHIRK F.»R a.\f*K; EVKUYTiiI.m; r.N
llrely new; fiveye«r»’ lea«e; spl.-ndid libation;
Wc«t Si«l*: g«-od trade Mtaldishrd, with a flu pre
scription Lnsim>‘s; l«aba*g4in for a goo 1 draggiat;
snlte of room*; suitable fer a’family. tVdi ruilo
nirri may mldr-M. f«r three days, 11FNRY D.
CLAYTON. 3so West Vanßuren-si,
T\RL*p STUCK, rOh JjALK CjKNEU VaN iUI
JJ nA'^ietl-rt 4
17OU SALE-FCRSITUHK ST«»ItK WITH FOUR
I rears' le se; doing a l«rce hmim»s. at
U Wo t Luku-lt., near l’n:«n Park.
L'OR SALE—THE Bit>T' STO I "K OF O.iUCKR-
C i«t and best st «n l' «»i» We*t Mul U»n->t vnth
valuable Lmbj. AJiirui C, I*. u. f cire Carrier N<>
iiOif. LB-SASH, DOOR AND PLANING
I Mil. in ag *o 11.Hmttun c*n the rumh 3Ue, with
a good rno of bn>lue»i. 'I emit r»«y to a rsllall
purchaser. Addr*»s K. £65 ludi.ina-aT.
Furniture and lease of hotel in city
1 A,, 1r 15 Ult. I3SS Stata-<t., Cars
aulutt jc Lhmgsiuß.
pOB SAI.K-CQMPLErE STUCK OPGRIVJBRIE
»nd «.,r r»eailou.
Addrmt Pllll.lP GARUN, 322 Wnrrm-ar.. city.
STOCK, FIXTURES AND LEASE OF RB*TAU
rant, t-loon Hiu t g« t dju-3 rooitt* Mt.tnl.l-f..»
hf'U*f-kerpi tig attac.iuti, fur saio. 1 inquire at llaru
3'dent.
JQE S&EE,
Office lor Sale,
The type and ujateri 1 lately Wh'iiginß to the
AMERICAN CHURCHMAN ia f.-r »a:-. Adlren*
HARRY HAYDEN. No.- 1 Sp.iog
F«r Sale,
t>.!ntlJ..n.l.»,r lh«.U«- o-ltli. Cnrnltura of a
ltloQ I 36 Sonth Canal-st.
WANTED—MAI.E KEEP.
WANTED-TWO OR THREE GOOD HANDS;
those used to potting up Flavoring extract blue
inc. 4c. Aprdy to N.J. MORRIS* CO.. Union Park,
corner Maq|,«ou.*t.
TXTANTED—THIS DAT, son RAILROAD LABOR
•,f rs for-rallroads: higher! w-'g’t and .free fare
to aiijAiio. farm and quarry hands; two mill*
S n s&'?:. tickets tor sale for the Sooth R.
H. CQRiitIAN, Lind’s Block, Room 5 1 2, Rtn*
do.pb-st. brldgj.
TfTANTED—A LIVE, INTELLIGENT SIAN, OF
r.. characirr, to **ll Heath's Cunnter&i'
Detector, in this State and Indiana: must lie a
atKar, aod a thorough business man. Call.'with
*i.^. r jEll!!oLD-. mr r u m B
V\TANTKp-.V HIRST-IJLAS’< Pi.INTER, WITH
J _ ln *K rla «,t start n job printing office, at oner.
{P j'. I°°^ ti CL T li. T**S chance for good man.
ison.st JdrMl EMEIIa OX DAVIS, 2»..\Ve« Mad-
WViIP.- l' Y A U,NG ESTABLISHED
V f J iho A nrst-clajs
AH i*rT« a ‘wui° ~,k r ,lt a practical need applr.
issr*?* rere,e,,eM r Dox No. irwl st
W*£S?-\ fI| !ST-CLAS3 niOTOORAFH
,i i I,er n ‘l operator; one who nodri>taudi
J Addrww, with fSu p“p?
ticniarv. 31. X BroaJ.at., Utica. X. Y.
TyANTED-m a LARGE IMPORTING IIOU'E
J T *V H*e wßUnwr and fancy p«vd« tralein N> w
,V« K':™®** I**' 1 None but tlioo.har.
ian Hot l terQ lraJu tTply to J. U.. Mani-
W ANTED TO EXCHANGE-REAL ESTATE IN
sr <'!aiy U tlla for ,ock of uoJ< Addtvs. P. O. Box
\V*W E f? V M BD IATELY-4HRST-CLASS
<e^ln^VueM 1,1 2 k^ r i,nc,B ,c,, P ref ,rr d Rowe
cewing aiachine Factory; pircu work; areracs S'*
K&jsv*? 4 «ADiS os .c. SbcSi?Kd:
•7uP“’ TR A ORBING SALESMAN, IN
will. i •B"c u, tur»l coeds, acquainted
elaaen.an NortbweSt-a Aral*
classruan wantedbr »m. Lonia bouse. Address
a S S. Keptibl cap .office, St. Loots
ttrANTED IMS!EDIATELY—fi
m*n M an. J tK? t boU ruera ‘d one firßl-classwowati’s
mao. A so. one good boot-fitteral 51 Ma*M C hnx>tts*
av., Indianapolis. Indiana. ARDEN A NEWUCLL
YTASTED-THKaTUIOAL I‘CUPLK. ALSO
W^ N J, EU 7 bkvbu al wholesale dut
in g°°d« pleamßn whn can command a good trade
In,lowa mid Western Illinois rap secure immediate
•inpluymcutby adJrcs.iug OFFICE 311 North Malm
1., 01. IjUIUS.
W A ?rlf?liS V t 1 SEW YORK FIRM, A
T travelling salesman who understands tli«
if»s« era a*t t* t,,0< H d ja a Ont-class established
i re w,,h fn giving roftr
kiT. B?s! ,rr aXpected >ACUAN. I u., Milwan.
\V '^?F D ijo ME.V FOR
fc; al.o, farm i.andi ami r,m.l. ilm
liuhW C Ju. to AN-
\Y»tfNTICI>-FOUi; TAILORS, TWO FOR SHOP
'“I 15, uw rt '°P P««*» ««'d vmi», and one far
ci. wra p..nts and rests. Apply at 2ii North Ual
*lrJ-st. frum a. m. to 3 p. m.
\\-AXTED-A HOOD CABINET MAKER. AT
V> JiT \Vr*t Lake-.1. J. U. PIKE. AI
U'ANTKD-THK EMPLOY3IENT COMMITTEE
of tlit) Belief an I Aid Society hare ■•labbelind
.iMdqinrtersai tie ti'oinin'i Home. j-il West Jack*
pi l '.";?rrUr.n» for f.-niMe caiflo, mint. S K.
tAIHIIANK. t!b«trni«n.
‘WAJfTEP—TETVT at.t; HELP,
COOK AT 7i WEST LAKE-ST
TfrANTED—A GIRL TO TO GENERAL HOUSE.
,TC. r ’"noire at lAI Doarboru-st.. opposite
the old Post Office. CEO. FITCH. r^‘*
AS GENERAL SERVANT;
J-.li, rK ißllsh rrercrrrX 3ln»t la able t.I
wnali. cook, and iron. (.-rod w*gc( to a rood Ctrl
Arply. allt-ru-i.:i..U6: 4 West Adime-et. 6 Bn
W-VSTEII-A COMPETENT KIRI, TO Do GEN.
LOST AND FOUND.
A URRKAL REWARD WILL DE PAID FOR
*X trunk and coiiteiils belonelnk to C. Tl. Shonnl**
t-deen by mistake fmm beaoh foot of Ohjo-it ou
night of the fire. Ifll South Clloton-st. UXQ
T OhT-AT THE LATE FIRE IN LAKE PARK
L h n r j;“ k U.yked *M. B Tails© W. D.. ami
x,*°, nl l en,aa P r f“>Md to
n.Ji) J j Tlio Udr ««r» the nam* of Alla*
p.’.m.J ,l f find rwll i he rewarded py reporting a«
Fulton at., corner of Carpenter.
T OST-MONDAV. ON CORNER OF CLARK AND
tli fci Il t rr i?°-' M, V b H k r German and Hebre«
i>ook«, ladle* and gentlemen’* clolhinn. silk and
k.'uJ d r r“ C .V f 0 fnrni ure nd houaelinTd goods and
knlres for thei ■layer; aim, an album. Infurraatlno
where the nbaro maybe found can be left at ii“a
Mhlr.*]- ,S EV AHUARAM GOEDiOIIMIDT
Minister of Harrison Street Srnagogue.
n K n ll i M SIZE SARATOGA TRUNK,
XJ marked B. D Jr was taken by two men from
day nUht. &l ,9l,m CU*n-et.. during the (Ire of Sun-
with monogram
j- nH Taken from Ulllett’* North
•iido Tattersails atable*. The fin-l- a will |«lniuMi
returning tamo to B. BRUCE, Jr.. ,506
TbST-THE 31AV WHO RECEIVED TRUNK
returning same tu 15 Souili DesplaitiM*et.
1 yi'KRAL REWARD FOR HAND.
<i u tr nn V Ie f t UI l «walk night of Or. on Nanh
n 7X'" 0 k c 1,, I ,rk,d ,a
T OST-ON THE NIGHT uF THE FIRE A MK.
re Dcarbor,,,,f ““d be suitably
I UT HOII.SK, ABOUT
A/ J b*:t>«!lahtKli. s rears old, while strip on noae
nf t.rV foot ar *d the marks of rowe] on ham
ofleft hind .(iitrter. Miitable reward will Im s(VeV.
for the return to C.J. BLAIR, 225MichTgau^r.
UOUND-AHONOST 3JY rUUNITURK. V LOT
1 of goods. comprising chairs, clock caroeta* b»,i.
ding.Plctnres.AP, Anyone prayinv thl'Kmo
hKTe tiiegatHi*. Iwu burnt on hut Snndar nisht
r« !r°i co ,r r,l d «lnlo“u“VL ,i'
kSsTK.;. are.?. w
Folnd-two large horses, one dark
sny anil one sorrel Tlw o*n»pl«» i.. y
br laying charge*. TOttS ffiMS!"!?
&W corn,r
F»F.5 I'-OXK lInR.E AXII IIUGUY. GALL AT
II- Most KnnJolph.it., brlw**a iSandS.
RVV ED F,so ‘J l THE FIRE—A DOUBLE TEAM
O In barnrM, from r»»t at corner of JacWnnHnd
K. R ROW EN IA oi n 1, Pll
'I’AKES HI*—TWO 31 HIES; ONE RAY l\n
f r A n K^^ UP A YELLOW COW AT CORNER ov
1 P-mllna-.t. ami Bine Island-a The Si£v can
3r/coNNKIt. r T 011 rr rtr and p rl charges.
$lO A!l i I) \V l, L BE PAII) fur infor-
JtJ; ~1 it™. 1 01 leading to the recover? of M Slneer
wing Machines taken from Lake Park on Monday
reward for return of watch to
•sZJomc C ,.fiiri cg .u0„... i2fii„,;,. A r T c V^,T!
§2 5 UK'VA.in-TUCNK 3IARKED J. i>.
rd, 4cwn,b Mb. taken from .10} \V«.
iL pn‘l»T mornlnc. Vh* almro reiranl wll-
Nnfffturt?. K kM f r
CITY REAL ESTATE.
T7OB SALK-LARGE IICILDING OX; CANAL-
I »f., near 31 »<Tla«>n. IS rooms. Cheap.
Jbaff.tiiilloi 33*181*. near Uoyae-st.. on Midi-
with a years* n f a r AsbUad-at on
r suitable fnr a store, 0
pl?lr«“"* near Dr.
p'.Ain*Jf* nA C,M oa ilatliaoa-Bt,, n.ar De*-
BulMln j an 1 Imso on AVr.I LbYp-bI., ni>ar C.nal.
i tume po«»essioo aiton of tom* of th«m.
1 wU?| t |*M- Cn f,t B ren il Bear Sangamon,
j Lot to Jen** nn North Clark-nt.
Lot to ,*n C«-iitro-«r.. ne*r A‘l«m*-sL
A r P I,U «NS CO., No. M West Madison-st., op-
pon salr-a bargain-possession given
V 2 «tnry houee. Ift-rooms and lot,
***ar Twenty-nintliit.
BAA IS, Hi K'orth Desplainos-st., near
pOR S.\LE-OR REST—ON STATE-ST, I WILL
l- "rll my croeeir store, or Till rcmorc slock and
sell I<-n«eof»ore. Ingtilrwat IH» Prairi»-ar.
SALE-.HI TO UF.KT-TAVU ELEGANT
I n"'T bnck lion vs, tu room*, all modern improve
ni-nte; the bst l...n«es In North Divi«ion. near
,ld Lincoln tchoot house. BALDWIN
DAA I-. No. ;n North lVi»pla!n-g-«t.. near Kinzte.
COItSALE-OBTO BENT—FIRST-CLASS MAR-
A ble-frwnt Lain* on Suulh SMs.
Three in i.ble-fronTs in rooms.
O.uxl frame house I! rooms.
Good frump honaefl rnon.-t.
>M»TH .t CAn\\~£f.ii v Park-ar.
I/Ul: Ml'S IJVBUK DWKLI.IMI llullsE,
»r|en<jld rrfiJvncß loeatlnii. corner lot. srfxtSD ft.
C‘**t bsrgaln. Apply «n premises it one-*, 2»l
Mrmrrw-if.. cortirr of .di-rout.
T?°, R f>l»R-BCILUINO OF NORTUWfiHTKRN
X l.add-r lact«*rr. with AS rear*' lease of around
at u.»and r.v. Stale-*:. lutillinss two «nJ three
•tunes, iSjdfio mul \»olI adapted to many kinds ol
ptVmi'i* f o UOsI’l!' 1 room on. th*
F°s K r llul SK axu lk-vse. a Axnn
I .NHHIi Uninn.Rl., opir.ru* IVIiM-Sliuion, Will
*-llcliß*p. T. gl.Hltl HGE. 61 W Rl JlrOluj”..
colt SALG CENTRAL HOTEL. ON WEST
1 Mad san-st. r.yrs rocTH. fnlh fi.vjo. A sac
r.fTo-* o. L. CLIDESDaLK. «H Welt WtjjhJJ.
SUBURBAN HE4L ESTATE.
,l,<kA v'- s HULSUNK*., IUV.
'A» pIsM rooms, to minti'ea out: joVn i«i
r pa>m,o,# CLAFLW- BUoJ*?«
F‘!?1 S VnK-AT n.MDfa.WVX-HOUSE FL'll
hn,,iKi,l7-'"\ >r' r*"’ .r .*V fo.
C!
PWSU4SBS AT
Xo.n r»ni.t IV BIiWLER.
WAKTEQ TO-RBNT.
VITANTqj-noUSEa. STORKS. AND ROOMS. 1
»T hare calls every linu.r bi ihe day. and can m
cuiryoitCHid tenants, if yon will lento description
ynnrpf.ee* at mj? t.fflco. EDMUND G. STILE;.
U3\VMt iUndolph-st.
WANTKD-TO RENT—OiI PUHCIIASE-UN h
b'ark walnat marble-top chamber a«t «f Iwd
*tead. bureau, waabsraml, and spriag*. Address
J. WILSON, IH3 Prairie-ar*
\\TANTKi»-I!OTKL—I WANT TO RENT OB
V* buyout the lease of a hotel ill rm» tbrlnnz
l"Wa la low tnr Minneeuta. Can address, l«r twu
•lay*. L D L’. Davenport. lowa.
Tir.VNTKD—TO 'RENT—A LAUOE FIIIST-CLASS
iT Im'Hr. trilhlii ii»a bliwks ot tbo Waal M.la LU
bra'ry. 33a Vv.-sl 31 idlloii-at., by a ?eliab>A party:.
»o jM Utanf a *ruitll faiii.ly fc*r.rent, or part. Call or
-■t.lrr-a aaale.ve. GKO? W, E3IKUSON.
\\f ANTKU —TO HBNT ROOM WITHOUT
M b >ar>i. an timSomh Sid;, north cfTwolltii-**.;
3U.t bo Well furnished- .\d»»re*s K K, Archer-nt
WANTED— A FUKNISIIEDOK UNFCRNISURD
holi-e, lit the Q'igliborU'Mwl of Twenty
uc»<l>rt., Sontii S d-. for a Brat-clu«a ia>ar«liiitf
iiunso. Address Mrs. 31. L. iIUCiIJIOUE. care
Geo S. Tlutrher. d«d Stat9*4l|
Country enstomen will do well by exam!
TO RENT-HOUSES.
mO RENT—BY CHAS. CLEAVER-A U VVl>
JL pome two fiery brjck oa Drerei-a/
Boulevard, near horse cars.
A Inrsre building with brick basement on th.» ro-.
ncrof Urexol-av. and Brookes-sL. settable fo ot«j
or two families or boarding bouse.
A two story brick bolldlng.iltted np for larndiv
wnb all modern macblncrr. engine. A-&.
A Urrb frame house oatllls-av. Inquire rt Vo
f>, i.n»nh»*r.ef.
'|V nK.ST-AT.nTUUV AND B t.sKMK.i t* |t a r
X h'>use, with modern improvements and o»nT
Inquire at 634 Fnllon-st. ru
HV* RR^*T— HOUSE IX GOOD LOCATIO I T«r
X M «*«t Division, fumltore for m!* Po««a«« ni»2
med.aMr. Apply at 5?I Fulton-*". AO *af».
»P0 KENT-A FIRST-CLASS 2-srOUY AV&
I BrooUs-ar., O iklami pA f _
ni*»re new. lor sale ci***ap. Apply to J 3a «_
U ii:k, Real K*t>ta Acenr. D>n«Us House, ornap
l>ou:b<-placa and Cottue Grore-ar.
r|'-» RN'S'T—NO. 316 WEST .JVASUINGTO .-ST
X niarhiclront. only T0« parannutu. amt for <itaiw
f.ri«al-. This is a decided bargain. Alaij an Mint
orh«n<«. officer, ani lota, llntises rpiitiv! an rent
ciiliivtol bv A. KOBATS X CO., corner of IJ.ilatwl
■nd I! mdolph-st.. Room 6.
mu UKNT-TWO STORY HOUSE OF t! Rf. iy«
X ami rnrnituro forMle. on tin U'o»t •>jd».real
annable terms. JA3IES B. STOREY, lot .iontla
t-Ittiton-st.,
f P*J KKNT-T A SMALL UESfKCTABLE F VUI-
X lr. iuvise *»f4 mms, all oapered uu t calsoiu q»<j.
ILniclms. 9 t*l3.Depaysier*at.
riV) RENT—A FURNISHED HOUSE OF it R JOM3
X —:lm whole ono part, with furniture for
ala a i> -w Whaler* Wilson machlaa for sale eh'an
Apply at 151 West AdamsHt.
r V RENT—HOUSES, FURNISHED AND :*S,
L furnUUed. nn South and West Sides ami ut lly.u
l*-rk. FRANCIS W, CORBY, 319 NUte-it.
'I'O KENT—A LARGE HOUSE OF 23 ItitOM
I rlnacts,‘ with moderu Improvemeots. ai in
Fourtli.nr. Inquire on premises fortwj days.
r PO RENT—A FINE LARGE HOUSE IN TIX
X pleasantest part cf Kenosha, oppoelta the ok.
Kiteiisivecronuds. Ac. Low rant. Apple to Jo.LV
F. UATHuoNE A CO., SO ami 3i South Canal.st.
RENT—A HOUSE OF IS ROOMS. 59G .MR. t{.
van*ar., (nralshed or unfurnished, auitablj f.>r a
pank, store, office*, or boardinghouse. Forparti-u
--lart apply on tb» premises.
r PO RENT—BRICK HOUSE OF TUIKTE.:H
X reoma aod Jot, with barn. No. 929 Michigan, vt.
near Twenty.tl'th'St. SNYDER A LEE, real eat
anuuts. N«. 9 sooth Ualstod.st. corner Kauholpb.
Masonic Building.
RENT—A NICE COTTAGE, FURNISH ;U
water aud gas; also, a large hau.
Apply at 2i2 arreu-av., comer of Robey sU
'P0 t KENT— AND FURNITURE FOR SAL
Lottsge house, 7 rooms, oh good si£«: pleon »f
rn,nJ cistern; price rjosbuahlo. Ap ;y
tt 115 Tbroop-st. on Tnusday.
'I'O IIENT-A LARGE FRAME BUILDO J.
X coru-r of Clinton and Kioaie-stj.. oppoeitn M i
waukee depot; splendid alto for* hotel. L»k- tl
JonN S EUEU3ON. *ort Alt
KENT—HOUSES AN I) ROOMS. ITUtO'liiU'3
n l"l,y? furni h^i u ,llt? North ami Wo-ic Si.
Jr v 'rVn-V C »ANDLEK. real esmto and K. in
br.-kiT#. P> M«st Madlson-St.
L Apply at Ij2 South Jefferson**:.
T t fn?« T ’*u° >D UuU:,K WITH FURNITU.. J
A. forialtf. Uruso containing uli>reu room* u- i
■eH»>aom the first of May. 17.i West AiLms-st.
T“ K KNT nOL E 4 iF XINi: KOOHS; .MoT
X orti Improvements. Furalmm for sale. lu.i.i..*
at drug store corner Taylor aud Blue Island-ar,
T°« R^T,7 FORM F e R OF SI.HEu
WllHanis. at LaUo lorcjt, embraciuz him*
imni, chkken house, etc., ami about ulu j asro<
lawn park amt a-r.ltni. Price St.vt per month. «in
■*s be.ore the fire. Apply in R. KIOE «t» U’n»
Sr‘ ~orbJ mMI tJ 3 B WILLIAMS. Lvc
TJ> AND BASEMEN d
oK h bH?t l9 r^n?" ,V 'v Wh-at.. near State: also par
Vv\-n C r TVM?» n 5 'Varren-ar. die.m. \V,
•loUilt. LI L Ll ls W.-It ISu-
«WI»E OF luROJJIi
X with barn, N««. .r. Twenty*»ocond-st.
'|'o.llKST“oi: FOB SALE. FURNISH KD HOI’S
.ft. .°p r ht r -^"u s 5 furniture atJ for
.*io op not. IjX. Pr»irto.«r.
TO RENT-AND FURNITURE FOB SU.::
Cheap for cash, a nice two ntury homo of nin«
rooms and all modern i.uproremeat«.
«tth yard and barn. Apply on premises.
Indi-inn-ar.
;pl» RENT-A TWO-STORY HOUSE, NO. ISV
X I ap.-ar., neir Itobor, nluo rojnn, b»th r<>on>.
cc. rurnUnr. for silo. Poneuiun IratutsJlaMy
on tlie premises at 12 o'clock or after, on Jlj:i
day.
”P0 KENT—COTrA(»E HOUSE NO. 9 T-118-
Aitletii.st. Apply to S. A. 3IOSUER. Office of Pull
m*n Palace Car Co., corner of Elghteenth-st. an I
Pralrle.*r,
TH> KENT-WI ISDIANA-AV*.. NEAR EIGH-
X Ucntli at., 2-story and brick b.itement housa
tad baro. InquraolOOSs PHILIPS, corner Clars
tml Twelfth.st.
r rp ItKNT—FURNISHED HOUiB AT KKN-
X Woo-I, Hyde P.ik; home contains gas. watsr
and furnace. Apply to D. B. FISK £CO.,SMVejt
wasluncton-st.
r PO RENT—FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED
L homes. Inquire of GEO. U. NEWBURY, UT
N>ab.itti.*r,
Tip ÜBN C—FOR A PRIVATE FAMILY UNLY-
X a two story hnusj of 8 room*, completely furnl-.h
--•d for homck-ntplng, ou Adams-n., near S ingimoa.
«t. B Krding-’jausi keepers no* I not app.r. ll<a.
b,i; h*si .if ref-rja-tis raquirol
THEODORE BCIIINTZ. offics 122 Rand Iph-et.
rO RENT—FIRST-CLASS HOUSE OF 1
.rnm*. fnrnl«ned op unfarnishod. Thrca larc
rjMaM.mflr.t floor. Can all Le used 1 1 on». No. It
Third ar.
KENT-HOUSE AND BARN. CENTRAL
X local ou; low rent. at store 3i> Wc t
Madison.
1' i ti.wr-A mi isisue nous;-: o* nt; i
M 3 i P.»*k*;»T. Apply bi.nro i OCOJ
Uendny. Price, tto per month in alritnoj.
TO RENT-OR FOR SALE—LARGE ANDSM VLL
J. MAX GREEN, K» CliestuuC-st..
fdllAaelphla,
n'fj;iK\T-\ NKIT Ut>TIAGB US' r ISO-ISIS..
1. M Fulton-si. To a party tint will bur firul
J*Xf ~co M» «or l> a I
newr. ft m-rVu«. low not. will «..|l Hy»*n for «-f*i
TO REtrr—ROOMS.
Tb..n i h,;t r K ,'i: OM! I:{ A S* ELEGASTBRICIC
W C h ATlmoat to.rd Of furniture, 117
■l>o RKSr-KOUMS AT 01 OAKLEY-ST., SETT
t to Garden.
TOO REST-3 SICE FURNISHED RO .-IS AM-,
UoJouo oi
•no cALUJiBr.AV.. six u i seven
i. furnish*! or norumtshsl. Ujuta who
moJdrnuuproTemt-nts. Romo .able pric-7
no u.:nt-pour plbvsvnt fuun-hued
sifu-If'r* 1 1 p alr, rUHr 1,1 Kitchm Apply
tt 3?J U ast J >cic*oa-at. Roferenej r-*m rj I. 99 r
T r C '‘m- r v O FROST UOJ3U. SUIrAIU.-
■L .i r ‘‘Mloin in and w|fv, or fir one or tw> aiov n
stairs.* 1 47 Pjck Cjurt ajir WabLn^V.
ar:v s'g!, „nv:. i i,r„S; ll Suattt Mw jt
T° iiknt-jjs fultox.st.-six ton* iv
naX 920 l>or Immlru as
r po Ri;NT-\N elegant suite of ROOM-*
r »vl2t n sM b i*. f nt within s:x mlmiLo.’ w*t<
a J Losiajii centre. Addruu U. V., Tribon.
T° Hrisrr-nooiu nicely Fu.iNfsiiKi,
L *n-*i or Without hoard «7t W-st U
TO REWr-SrORES. OFfIOES. &c,
TO R-LST-ON MADISON-ST. STORE NO 7V
w;ih ofllres abore; alio d-ollmoj unl.Mw n
of the city. CLaFLIN BRoiT.Vi
ryO ÜBXT-STOUE I3i MAIN-ST.. CORNER nP
-id co:™:;; I s'ss;”,. ror r r7 r
Y Ol KUO.M. PER 3I >NTII
ion.l|. ,M,M i ,oa 4t CLAFLIN BROS.. Tii
M'o RENT-NICE UOO3I FOR OFFICE- T.Vo
J.\f* f £?S ro, 2 I, t>r ,ut with board: boarder*
vantel. 7ns South Despi-tlnaa-er.
P‘i hENT—A BRICK LAUNDRY ON SoUT
L Side. Ipgmre at fit Lnmbar-st. vtl,l
fpD KENT-TWO Nlijß FRONT UOQ3IS SUITA
sr- 5Ss is
'llO URST-FINB BRICK STORSL r-
A lr s «wv:
'l*o RENT—BY FIELD X IM„ 19* WEST M.vTif
fßPn i°| I *V* 9® c a houses all over ihi West
KENT—ft* Bt,UK ISLAND-AV,. SIX NIJK
h for *rchUecta'*..fQc* or
holographic z»Il*-ry. Apply 2i2 W««t IMS-st.
r P 0 !?p i T—CHEAP-LARGE BRICK sp )*IF
ia il"s»nh nStSSSr"'* n l I**
T u HUN r-TUBBE LARGE ROOMS. uiISSB *c
.no the first floor. for oflic«s. Jii Mic!ujju».;n*
T T DTH. SIDE STUKBj-mF THE
,h Somh SM root, for lor
:wste2a;;tss.sa x ,v juji Ajira:
FOB SAtiE,
FOR SALE-TUE LEASE AND FURNITURE OF
the Urs; story of 137 Thlnl-ar.. cheap for cask.
«ont t3i per itmatli. Water and cat in hmiM.
rr.ca nf fnrnlTure, *MO; cu-t STft> ouc mouth as*:
•food nentkborhood; on.- tih*ek trunt burnt district.
FOR SALS—A SINGLE CYLINDER TAYLO.i
rrrs*. bed Alxtl, In cimp!e e workfu* order, ra
pacity 3,n a i mores* fetus twr it-jur. with tlr. roll**
and counter shafts; is sold to m»-e room for d >ubl»
*yll-ider; priw, bozv>land at tii»
•lep.it |-i Uaitimorr. Apply t<» K. itAINE, Ualti
-5 ore. .M.l
F»OU —I.tIASK—A SI*LBVLII> 3-STO tl*
and iMjcment lionse on A>Utn<-i:.. near JriTjp
-400 r-»rs; In room*: ehuan. Lnjalre at 3il Alaiisua
»t. I,c«»o run* 31 iy 1- isr-*.
i*OB gALK—ADAMS* Bt»-iK AND NEW.
r l*re-aea. 3T.X»3; two roll-ra; in c».hl onler. .V
’barsniit.
noil SALB-S'IALL LOT FUUNirUUK.
I 1 cheap, for ra»b, aa j ar!lu4 matt leaxe. Go<xi
new. Apply at store 3£l Wait 31, i tia >n--«t.
pIANOS FOR SALE, RENT, REPAIRING AS:»
I iiorlOQ ht iks Cnicaeo Piano Faeturr. :Lin
■lo'plut.. by J. Pltssnut.
COB SALS-TWO-UORSE TREAD POW.-.8.
I wood sawiay raa.hlui; on trnc'%. nw and blt
rompleto. at halt value. A. ALLIiON. 71 NonU
Green at. i
b'UU --ALf.—A UOu i a;,sw I'E., i t,fc*
at s>Z.uo per »huu«ud. il. H. SCKVEN.-j. 4
North Unoiiirrat.
i, OB SALE—A P LESS THAN TUBS O
A» li.’.rrels capacity, new brick in *ehln* r.- >dy L
uw. GKO. 11. lIK>S. residrnreS'y Warrcn-aV. O
dc>9£ State-st.. from 111 p. in.
F ‘OR SALE-3 SECOND-HAND CABI’BTS AVI
Suntu J- tTwoi-n.
COR S.\LB-PAULOi( FUUM-Uiie.; xU
r tlrst-cUss aetclnc nuichloo at a saciinco ai Isu
almm l-atiii-.-th* oitv. U Sl’v
rESTHtrcTioy.
Ciii.\rtL>aii\Rui'« TK c.iEd oi* t.i.-: out
t-r snd liait)», a it.s >l n<t.dl«, .mu .•tlier t
w.alii»wt<> to «JJ <Mi uiui at on.
•t IA South tia!si.-*i-«t. IMS
Inlay at MJchlgan-ar.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 4 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=4 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:44Z ========

iht fijrntga |ribtme.ilh
_ j th
MONDAY. €C.OREH 15, 1671. Cl
1 Idi
Tn~ Chicago TnißpNK his ojcaod Its offices at jfc
No. 15 South Canal street, Vest PivMon, and the S(
paper wlliliepeafler'haiegulirly iftoed from that si
place till further notice. ;k
Onr reader* arc requested to notice that we 15
charge the aame price for THE TRIBUNE a* ;be* 1
fore the flrs. 'Slagle cople* can be obtained for b
fire cent* overonr counter, at No. 15 South Canal
street, and there is no occasion to pay the exorbl* a
last price asked by ntwtbov* on the streeu -d
j f
TO ADVERTISER*. l t
Wc devote all the trace we can poidbly spare 1
to advertiser* In thU'mornihs’a paper, and
those who find that their advertisements are left j*
cut will pardon It to the necessity of sivinra I
liir portion of our columns l«» the reading pub- I
lie. The demand for intelligence is not only in* I
tillable, but it U absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that i&tteh of j
that which we publish should go to tbo’pnblie. j
~\\’o diride our space between the rcadejr-and the
advertiser, and that Is the best we can do (or
both classes. The advertiser "★ill understand
that the earlier in (he day ha ghre* u» what he 1,
wishes to* h'aro"pubUshcd; knd the smaller the r
rpaca Into which be condenses it, the more
likely it is to find a place in our columns.'
TflEsimnoN.
The rain or Saturday night, the systc-
ir.ntic work commenced by the Relief So-
ciety, the rebuilding-movements in the'
luirnt district, the’orderly conduct-of the 11
more needy sufferers, the presence* of
the military. the discovery that;
ihc cylinders of the event pumping on- i
jilv.es are unharmed, and .will surely be at
•work in a short time,;and finally the'
resolution of. the batiks to resume pay. j
ments in /u!l on Tuesday—Have combined I
Jo put a much more* cheerful aspect on,,
tiffairs. JtiUpthccicitemonlamltcrrorand 1
loss of rest of the past week, there will, j
perhaps, be a temporary reaction, hut 1
it will bring a renewal of strength and
hope: and the disciplined forces i
construction wl* commence work in,car-J
Jicst. The knowledge wc now have that j
the worst is over is itself of. un--j
spcakuble importance; 'for, while every
jicrve was strung tipSu the dread of new
lives no really efficient labor could be .per- j,
formed by anybody. _ r
When, on last .Wednesday, we called
upon the pobpTc'or (Mncngo to cheer up,
wc did not appreciate or estimate the force 1
of character tlmtVasin them. Our citizens I
hare displayed a’ noblo heroism, worthy j
of the abounding charity that has been
showered upon them. -They have shown -i
capacity to help' themselves, and thaW
alone is worth everything in the way of
r-'-Pstablisbing their credit and procuring
riu* necessary capital to ...build
up again.. Let them-jjo onjaa
bdguip riot(‘yjaUing ;ox* Congress,
gods, for donations, ar/dayjiwsi.nn d they
will come out of the fire right side up, and
presently we shall have our Chicago again,
nobler and more beautiful than i
The railways that have done so ;mnch!j
for us, will do more than ever Too
much praise cannot be bestowed upon the
officers and employes of these
great establishments, for' Ihcir :cpol-*
ness, efficiency, and discipline
in this time of danger and trial Nor;
should the telegraph men be overlooked in
awarding thanks and praise... They.found
tbeir instruments gone, their wires-flowp
and tangled in damnable confusion,
office, no implements, nothing left buttheir
experience and their American energy, j
Yet in a few hours they had the whole
country informed of oor situation and
aroused the whole civilized world to our
relief _ :'*V
With tears forlHe dead tad dying, with
sorrow and lender card for the maimed
and. sick, with faith in God, and stout
liearta in pur breasts, we now begin to
clear away the ruins.
DISTUIBLTiOX OF BELIEF-
As..was to .have, the
wasteful aod iudiscriininiitQ di|{rtbulion of
supplies during ‘the last week has; drawn
largely upon the stock.on and,
leaving out what may.be rcfcciv&l in the
jaeanlime, there are not supplies cnodgb
on hand to last more than four or five
«b.ya. The intervention of the authorities’
i_. —ij oCvctCT
days to get into thorough irofking order,
but cvod already things have improved. 1
The trouble is not with the destitute sd
much ns it is with the thousands who haVc
suffered no special loss, hit who harp
adopted the policy of Jiving on the public.
These people, lusty men and women, have
<lrnwn largely upon the slock of supplies,
:ind arc crying 'puJtTondly against being
cut off. 'Hundreds of men and women
jiavc left employment,■' Assuming that they
were to be fed and‘ clothed'by lhc public 1
:vml may live fi:
The raitroaxT lib
ral offer to convey ihc destitute to other
places so grossly abused that they had to
demand that the authority to issue pasties
;-hon!d be 'confined 'td somc'TesponsibJc
parties, who would discriminate between
those entitled 'and those who' were mot
In -the same manner the comrdttlcbs from
xhe various citictf-;which'-sent''hither sup*l
plies bars'. witnessed the irresponsible
manner in wbifh, they were, distributed,
und justice to-(be donors demanded that
the whole busuiest'shoald-. be deduced to a
aystem, 5u wlnclC (ho really suffering
ahould bo protected. Committees liavc i
need appointed torfurbish irmilit to those
who have been burned out, with .which to I
,~»r«ct new habitations. Nothing can or:
to be given to tbbsowho hare not I
been burned out. Committees have been i
jippolnled' charge of the
distribution' 6f “Supplies to those
who have been burned out,
and who. have no other prqseattincans j
ol: Committeesi lava been
ppointed toTlr.d employment for all who 1
stand in need of h,and thOugb this com-1
mittee can find placcsin reTpcctable
iios, at liberal wagesj forJ.iKW women, the?
refusals of such places
proportion of six to each acceptance, .1
.Free food and free clothing havo been pre-1
ferred to scM-sapportingTabot. There anf|
1,000 men wanted to-day to labor, at good
wages, in the burnt district, but, so
there is free food and -Tred 1 -clothing,
Caanot be had* ■lt is au abuse pf charity j
to distribute the gifts, of the charitable
people among men who rcfasc'lo work at 1
yood wages; and who prefer to eailhc bread
belonging to the destitute who cannot wotfcJT
TI»ls. committee trill, in a few days, !rave"a
compete record ;suffercr by the i
tire, and. ..none -of the 'supplies'
will he given
JNbnc .others :&rc 'entitled to these*
Mippiics, and no person,’ should recommend*
suit- person’s fobe 1 ■recipients of those sup
plies unless ihey be' sufferers by the fire.
Every person in'Chlcago, male or female,
5n want of employment can get it, with
out fee, by applying -to ,•the labor
amtlces. Every person who suffered by thet
3irc, and In need of supplies, can get them I
by leaving their TiftmeS
with the proper committee- Tho receipt
«jf supplies /com abroad wnli necessarily
he reduced; bvery mean
time the money will be
'held sacred unlit ncccssflry |o .be used to
purchase food;' fief, clbffifug, and shelter.
The necessity' fur\ a distribution
will be ‘obvious, when it is Yemcmbcred i
filial the winter is close at hand/
To. the. generous people •'■aH-fcvcr the
land we good that the
plies they have sent or may send- shall
‘-I*9 judiciously r s among j
the 1 ;cufle|:ing and that Ihcj
money they.have senior may send* will be;
used economically Tor the sacrcil abject.
fur which it was intended: By 1 far the
larger portion of the puffprer? are j&dtd by/
I
icir personal friends until such times as
icy can lake care of themselves. These,
ic most deserving class of all the suffer
rs, have not been seen at the supply
epots, and arc struggling with scanty
aod and Utile clothing until they can get
omelhing of their own. Thcae v people
hould be encouraged to make themselves
mown, and such aid extended as will
ighten their temporary wants.
.'The Mayor and the Aid Society have a
aborious task before them. They deserve
he public, thanks for their interference,
md the public appeal to them, in behalf of
he exclude every
form of Irresponsible action by any per
sons holding official position, or otherwise,
in the management of this great work lor
the core and support of the poor.
PREPARING FOR TUE NEXT FIRE.
The IhtUUy of locking the stable door
after,.the horse-is stolen is proverbial
Equally futile would any suggestions as to
the best preventive of fires seem after the
city is burnt up. Any hints, therefore,
which may bo made on this subject, in
these column?, most bo taken as referring
to the new Chicago which has already
commenced to grow up from the ruins ot
the old Chicago. The cause which operat
ed most fatally to render the catastrophe
of Sunday night complete is a matter of
no question among those who arc ac
quainted with our city. It was the large
area of inflammable -buildings, lumber
yards, and other tinder-boxes with which
the multitude of really noble buildings of
central Chicago were surrounded. The
magnificent piles of marble which lined
our husincssslrecls, and of which wc'bad
begun to be so justly proud, had been seen
and admired by so many visitors from
abroad that the complete destruction with
which these palaces of art mel on that fa
tal night has excited, oven outside of Chi
cago, -no legs 'astonishment than
•iOfrmr Chicago had, 'Up "tO with*,
in a.very few years, the reputation of being
the moat wretchedly-built city of its siv.c
In America. The miles of marble stores
and churches, and public buildings,
through which the visitor, of the last year
pr two, ling been driven, in "doing” Chicu
gq, bavo dissipated this unfavorable opin-.
ioTtofthe outside world, and drawn to odf
city' a great measure of credit'for its husi“
j ness architecture. ihit this nrebitectun
I had its weak points, and these have non
been made gainfully'and vividly apparent.
The fault of the fire, however, lies more
t with the public itself than with tho arebi
i teeth. "Wc have been loo,good-nalurfd to*
j ward ihosc who have, to save a few bun
i dred dollars of tbeir expenses, persistently
kept in jeopardy the safety t of .lhc‘ whole
.fotanfunUy V^-by* 1 maintaining in tilt
heart 1 ofv/tbo'J city great mim
hers of the most inflanimabh
structures, was the thousand or so of
{dry pine .shanties and rookeries between
the lake and the river and south of Monroe
|Ttrdetlwbicb didihc business for Cbicag<
bn tlrßt terrible “might. With these hud
died around them and emitting vast
clouds of burning brands, which tiic hurri
cane;''forced into "‘every cranny and
through every window, the fine stone row*'
of the avenues and of the principal street*
could no more resist the raging element
than the.chaff.’ can -resist the whirlwind.
There Jaity.baw been, and doubtless were,
occasional weaknesses in the construction
of the later bullffitores and~poblic edi-
loo-fnjgilb cornice, or.- windows
too miVcWcxpoaed—but the fact that build
ings for which everything possible (o
architecture bad been doncto make them
fire-proof went with the ’rest tcllfc
plainly*'that r thc only fault —tho grand
fault to which_ the general destruc
tiveness is traceable—was in allowing
the so ipuch material on
feed-Until it became too great for
human"power to resist. AVc had spent hun
-dreds of thousands of dollars in spasmodic
efforts the fire-fiend from our
limits, anfcycl wc were all the while fur
nishing' him; >fUh the material and the
space with which taorganize for his deadly
‘work. \Vo had been industriously feeding
Jbim on the.only, rations whereon he can
thrive.
Let these rations4)6 cut oil'from this
ahu "common Council
fehould .attend to-is the enactment and
■filnct enforcement of a' comprehensive or
dinance' for the protection of the city
tagaitatalij gthtcgcncral conflagrations. in
I ijicl.uslr.essyanfUr now devastated there
must, of course, he some temporary struc-
I lures thrown together for the ac'cbminoda
lion of business until belter quarters can
Jj® provided.* Jsut the permits Jur these
•should be strictly. confined id a certain
limit of lime —say six mouths from
Hhra dale. Jt should then he
otdutnad Aijr- tba 'Council, that the lire
witbin-which.no frame building,
lumber, slack,-or oilier inllamraablc struc
turo shall be creeled, shall be extended
1 very considerably; so ns 3o embraed fdi
sections of tho* city wbichTarc now, or arc
likely tor. odulpal. And the ordi
nance should -contain b rigid prohibition j
against roofs,- facings, or cornices of wood, j
Or of each flimsy material os 'to be easily
penetrated or displaced, j
It should bo .ordained, further, for the j
encouragement of thorough building in all i
parts of the city, that no frame building i
or outbuilding, of no matter what dimen-:
sions, shall b? erected within fifty feet of!
any brick, stone, or iron structure, and j
that all livery-stables, planinp-niills, foe- j
lories, foundries, shops, or other build-:
ings, wherein furnaces, steam-boilers, or
other machinery or apparatus requiring
much fire, or endangering explosions,:
shall be built of hricic, stone, or.iron, and
that no division walls therein shall be of!
wood.
To these precautions should be added
system of water basins, or low reservoirs,
to be supplied with water, independent of j
the general pumping works—perhaps by'
direct inflow from tho lake or river—per-!
haps from artesian wells. It will not take
any extravagant outlay to obviate, by such 1
means, the possibility of any such calami-1
ty inthc -future as the failure of the water I
supply while a ’conflagration is yet raging, j
Other-precautions will doubtless suggest!
mcn bn a careful
examination of the subject None should!
be otnitjed. which arc necessary to make I
Chicago the most indestructible city in (he i
worlds Our fire.rccord baa been hitherto
before’ the’~’l*tc calamity—the
worst In Xraenca. Let it.be henceforth
the beat.' 'We'must ii'btVhilc suffering
theraanifoW cyraesof thcljgrcivt fire, lose
any of the Idaskiugs,' of which the greatest i
arc unquestionably the'lessons arid the-,
opportunity -which it affords os‘for fortify
ing against jfuturo''. calamities of the
kind. We'cannot expectJlhat wo will not
have out daily quota of half a dozen or
more We cannot be :sure
cd*by galcslikVtllat of lost Sunday night i
But we cco Uk£carc that those exigencies, T
Over which. lhaJb’Uy.!ft3 a*■ community Has']
no controLaccguarded against by ail the
measures’which'within our control.
San JVancisco lias suffered grievously by
fireswhichrakcd-hcr from west to cost,)
leaving nothing,’ but ruin in their track.'j
She is subject, during a considerable pc-j
riod of every,, year,. to both droughts and
gales quite as severe as those which con-
tribute# 4o our present misfortune; but sbe‘l
is now able to dcfy them all. having,
ihc means similar-to those which- we have
now suggested;wdedred a system of firo
'prqof? (.buildings—fire-proof j Itrtlts, we
and lrusCof all -her citizens,; bnt the ad-1
miration of.alLvisilort. It is important:
that the burnt district of Chicago bo rc-j
built as spcedily as possible; but para
‘•'v;;- -V.;
t
mount to that and nil else is lac necessity I
that it be built permanently and well. Chi- j
cugo must rise again;. and not only must
she rise, but rise tq stands long as the
world revolves.
THE XATIOKIL SYMPATHY.
Amid the general gloom, the public dis
tress, and the wide-spread wreck of private
property, the heart of the most impover
ished man is warmed and lightened by the
universal sympathy and aid of his fellow
countrymen. There were cities that look
ed upon' Chicago as a rival. Her unex
ampled success had provoked hostility,—
amounting at times to bitterness. In the
ranks of municipalities Chicago stood sre-
eminent, and that eminence had' drawn,
upon her the prejudices, and often the ill
natured jealousies of her supposed rivals.
But the fire ended all this. Hardly had
the news VeaebeH'these cities before our l
sorrows were made theirs. The noble-,
hearted people did not wait for details
they suspended all other business, each
man giving of his money and his
properly to bo scut to Chicago.
Before the fire had ceased its
ravages trains laden with supplies of
food and clothing bad actually reached
the city. St. Louis and Cincinnati, Mil
waukee, Detroit, Pittsburgh, and Louis
ville were active,*~cven while the fire was
burning, in-providing lor .the' relief of
devastated Chicago. Every semblance of
rivalry bad disappeared. Not an ungen
erous or selfish thought was uttered—
everywhere the great brotherhood of. man
was vindicated, and oar loss was made
the loss of tlfc nation.
In the light of this experience, how
ibsuvd arc the criminations and contro
versies of men. The hospitality nnd'hu*.
nanily of those in our city, who have
•etaiued their homes, toward their less
fortunate neighbors, though marked by
3 very feature of unselfish charily, has
failed even to equal the zealous efforts and
generous nctioua of the people ot'tho
country, "Who Lave laid aside all other
business to food, the hungry, clothe the
naked, and give shelter to the roofless of
Chicago.
The national sympathy for us in our dis
tress has shown that tu the presence of,hu
man suffering there are no ’geographical
lines, no sectional boundaries, uo distinc
tion of polities or creeds." Thft Samari.
tans have outlived the Lcvitcs, and there
lias been no such thing ,as passing* by bn
the other side. The wine'and oil have
been distributed with a lavish hand, and
the pennics.hava been deposited to pay for
•.he lodging of the bruised and homeless.
Words fail, ‘to express the grateful feel
ings of our" people. Men who braved tho'
perils of the dreadful who wit
nessed ihc'destruclibabT'an th'clr worldly
;oods, and who with their strug
gled for. life upon, the prairies'during the
iwful destruction, and bruvely enilured if
all, could not. restrain the
iwclling heart or grateful tears when
they read what the noble people of the
country had -done for Chicago; how the
rich and the poor, whites and blacks,—all,
men, women and children, had.donc some
thing to alleviate, the distress and mitigate
the salTering of fellow-beings in fur -off
Chicago. How true it Is that one touch,
of pity'makes tlie whulctrorld kin.” In
some cities the contributions have ex
ceeded an average of a dollar for each
member of the- population, and in the
ibundancc'that has been given unto us
the aggregate is 'largely made up from the
prompt* offerings of the humble and the
poor, as well as of tho rich, future sta
tisticians may compute''io tabular array
the commercial value of the donations to
Chicago; bat only in the volume of the re
cording angel will be known the inestim
able blessings of that merciful, generous,
humane charity which this calamity has
kindled in the hearts of the whole Ameri
can people.
In due time there will be a formal and
complete acknowledgment of donations,
public and private; but in the meantime
let the nation rejoicp that underneath all
the conflicts in which men arc forever cn-
grossed is a latcjjtsparfc of universal
brotherhood, which needs hat tho occasion
to dcvelop into tho most genial warmth.
Property mnj_ belost, wealth be ob
who hove hearts in which charity for hu
man suffering cannot bo stilled under ary
passible even).
j .TUE[.BOARD OF TRADE,
j Tlic action of the Board of Trade on
i Saturday last,. in relation to contracts
pending nt the time qI the ftp c, is well cal
eulated to still further strengthen the con*
tidencc reposed by the people ot other.
cities in the integrity of the business v rticn
lof Chicago Tho day after the fire, when
everything was thought to harp gone by the
board, a considerable number of lie mem*
j bers seemed to be in favor of repudiating
j all obligations, pot so jnuch because they
wished to evade responsibility, as fur the
I reason that it seemed hopeless to'attempt
anything iu (he way as Settlement, as
nine-tenths of' the records of their trans
actions had been consumed in the
flames. -Uni this"" feeling bdoo
gave way to- tho conviction that l
tho lino of duty must bo followed as
fur as it 'could bo traced, and when the
matter was pul *to the tate on Saturday
there was scarcely a single voice raised
against the motion lb rr scttl6 bp as,far as
possible, Tho only division of opinion
was in reference to the most- equitable,
basis on bo
made. yh*'* 7 i
I A large proportion oT tho transactions j
referred to -wore of tho-class called op- 1
tiona, which are regarded by somc as little
better tbnn 'gambling. regard to i
these the great public would have little
sympathy but for the fact that
they curd so intimately mixed up with,
straight-forward business trading that
the tares could npt bo destroyed without!
pulling up the wheat also. Great
quantities of grain -and provisions have!
been bought here during tbs summer, by
Eastern parties, for winter delivery, (he j
purchasers intending to take the properly
at maturity and ship it lo points where it
can be distributed for consumption; they
bought ahead because they ftrpeclcd prices
to be higher in wintec_ than at the time of
purchase., ’TKp samc”is True with regard
to large quontlllcs of grain Void ahead by
parties m the intention being
lo delivcr./fIL aST ii&rVnru convenience*
There is no more of gambling in these,
transactions that* jo th* purchase-of two
barrels
mediately, and thtr‘other-wanted a j
month -afterward. _T So .far as. Ihcse I
contracts can be honored V! .they
should ho' carried 'out in per-'(
feet good faith, ''because*
parties to a transaction no j
mcrous gonsequoncos which ihey do not!
foresee/ stnd the; mere option trades]
where neither party expected to deliver or J
receive, should; be settled possi-
ble, for the same reason.: jj'.-• j
Tho Board r of Trade is to be congratu- j
Ja’tcd on having'met'the. situation in a
manful way that entitles them 10’the'high-
eat respect from the whole community.
But the board will establish overt a'higher I
claim if U'nbwTpttigdnsclf'as'fast as pos
sible of the gambling spirit that has char
acterized no inconsiderable proportion
of its members during _tho .past, two
or three yoera. '.Gambling ;in ‘grain
was since' the
war, and provision options arc of
even r more recent data It will be com*
paralivcly casynow to^-expurgate this ex
crcsccncc, aodihtcp. Ur;banlshcd forever.
There was apparently no wav out of the
difficulty -previous to-tbe fire that swept
the city like the-wing of the destroying
angel If this purification cab be accom*
plished, and the board settle down to its
legitimate business of helping forward the
movement of grain and provisions from
the producer to the consumer, the reform
will not be the least good that will come
Out oT the terrible evil which has bowed
us down in dust and ashes.
THE NORTHWEST SUffKRERS,
The Mayor of Milwaukee has addressed
a communication to the newspapersT* of
Wisconsin and Minnesota, asking them to
advise-the peopfo-among wbom they cir-
culate against forwarding contributions to
Chicago “until after a .full consideration
of all tha suffer lugs in
when aid could be appliedt td the uses
which should \then most imperatiVe."
This is judicious advice. According to all
accounts, the loss of fife and property in
the burnt districts ofWscbnsin, Michigan,
and Minnesota lias been quite as severe
upon tfae-populalion called'hpon to bear it
as that which has drawn, to Chicago the
commiseration of -the whole civilized
world. At tho same time tbo remoteness
of the afflicted quarters at the north from
■news centres will prevent ..their afllic*
lions from becoming so well understood
i by tho world at large as those of Chicago.
jTho charity of our friends in Wisconsin
jand Minnesota "should not forget those
whose clalm-upon it is first in order; nor
can Chicago properly accept any munifi
cence to which others have a better
claim, notwithstanding ou*- own needs arc
so imperative and the provisionson hand
are actually limited to a fc’v iys* supplj*.
'THE COTHTS.
The Judges of the local courts of record
have tiikeu possession of the High Schbu
building on West Monroe street. The
building is..very wql£ adapted to,the pur
poses, aiid for’thc* time will be a a conven
ient as any other that could bo provided.
The Judges, at their meeting, recommend
ed to ihc Supervisors ihcjtrepliap of a tem
porary building for the couVtajnni some of
the vacant lots of the South vwßibn, until
such .time as thos Goan House caji be put
in condition. The Supervisors (will act
upon thitf'rccommcndatum 10-dary. The
question to be determined is whether the
county will go to'tho expense of* a tempo
rary .brick building for the "courts, so lone
ns the latter can-find accommodation in
r the HigLjSctaair wul pßndjug i¥c; restora
tion‘*oft Uib jCpdri Ilduah: rccotu
mendatfmT the* Judges ought to have
some weight upon the action of the Super-
visors.
The Ttc'publicarts seem' to have a slight
majority on joint bqllpt in the .Ohio Legis
lature. The Senate: seems to be a tie,
though there arc still questions conccrn
ingthe election of^several Senators. The
-UdbiTc has* from, five*'majority
Republicans. The-carly *dports of small
Republican m s*btinsylvania, Ohio,
and Ibwa are confirmed by later advices.
3 V V
Full Bosumption on .Tuesday,
A meeting of the officers of tbe'KaGoonl Banks
of Chicago waa bcld at- tbe office of the Third
Nations!, 43t>Wabaabrvenne.l5anday evening.
October 15tb,’51.6 o’clock, for tbo purpose of con
ferring irtth Ur. riolborj, .Comptroller of tbo
Currency.
J. Irvine Pearce was called to preside,
anil Jlenry Ofeenebamxf wfa_, elected Sec
retary. A fall of, riowa
letirhtnf "tbs condition-- tbs IChicago
banka oa aifectad. bg tbo lala-Sr«Si.Cxe> was had,
andit.waa ascertained, upon-ajcocaparison of
HabnitlCa and rfcsonrcea, tbatril lhc banka were
perfectly solvent, acdibenldretnma bnsincai
at once; -the asked, by inf of tbo
banka was' Joy sufficient liijio to convey tbolr
sales (rom tbavnfss to the new places Cf bust'
near, and Jo arrange their, books and office far*
nitare.
After a general discussion, on tnotioij t>.
Blair, of Urn First National, xha rcsolutionlicre
toforttpasacd,.to-pgy lipytceat cash imdodiMe
ly, Wat haaaimdusty rescinded. I
Mr. Coolbauflt (ban offarad tljo fo|lowins rra- 1
amblo and after full 'diecns*
lion, wet unanimously adopted:
Tboboofci-iWd treasures ofiajl the.
National Jdaoks in,the city, the safety.of welch
was to Some extent uncertain when the •roaolu
uoni of tho;l2th in»l: tfetu adooied, havw been
cecovcfoi iutictj and
Wnitneis.A caroidl examination of our assets i
sinceihatUOiffhaj eo*nvli»fe<l'u*‘nol «.nly|of our j
•snivel avWent/ byuatdhr Ability vn carrion 'our
DuihirßT tjO-'ml -wTiDfsurqcl jy; Iherclffoe,
/towiretfe That aiJ-tbe JskatnbtiJ*nks li{f «bi*'j
City will open their at the trmpurdr^ins-;
cci oow occupied by lb.am s o'clock, a. in.
c.\su> rmm ravs coHcraonuin OV.thb cuuhencv.
To thk rt’Bi.jo: Haring per
sonal- ioTesUtation, ibat-tbeiSalianii] of
Chicago aro solvent instituliooj, and .Jut, not
withstanding (bo laid fife/tbey are able and
ready to pa? all jtjtt .viiltQs on-jtresenlaiion, I
hereby National B wks Of
Chicago will fur tbo transaction
of bnshics*, a* usaal. trnTuttdjy. tbe I‘it inst.,
at Hi a. m.; and Ihartby express myliclicf in
tbelr ability to oibbl nil
meats .on demand. Ui t ß‘ijiutltn.
•.t tbaCuwcncy.
CijicAoOf Qot, Pi isri«~ j
TUii ixsv«.v>ci:cnisi|i.
Tho lai«t accounts of.ibo. Iqiuranoe in
I the fire oi Chicago make tbn. fallowing, exhibit.
S which we bave.oompiltdXar; the .honnfit, of those
y interested:
3 nktv yoke citv-anp state.
CunijMtiuc;*',
Aster; 40.1,571 S Nou.tu),
Atlantic,.Brooklyn.. 5*56.0(10 ISW.OOO
S American fir* 15*.:.*........ CT&fit 30 OUU
Adriatic 2W.KO r >.Ct»J
•’American TU.405 25.MU
i .Etn_ 46't.UUO "2i4J,<Jufl
'{Beckman* iSI.RS! 1 U61.00U
licit sens. 6M.00Q r k>,WO
J Commerce 219.372 SU.ouOJ
I {Corn Exchange 3.W0
|Colombia;.. -451,332' 3.0C0 j
s 5 Commercial. Albany »u»imjdcd.'
Commercial 5.000 i
{.Firman 1 Trust. B/oaklyo; 2M,3G9- 20,000 j
r Fircmpn’j au,OW &MW
j Gcrioaoiij -par*in fall 1k23.u*0
Guartll«ti '279,639- •V.UO.UXI
3 1 lUoA’e i'aUJ— 371,W0 10.000
•Greenwich.—..- 1<),000
l Hanover 7-*7,ouu £23,u00
..Home.... 4,50u.tW0 IMOi.OOT
Hnffmac ’235.252 2P.000
SS
I 783,851) 7 275,WM
jioternaUoua) J,ailU6l.-*' 45bA«0
v' Irving 1 515.V0J xs.iuq
j ImnottcrV amr Tradura’...,. aO2.A&>;! ZlwO
Jefferson- u^...-.;...r.. Allilia- 47*SW
Lenox 2WAW AJ.foO
LaiayvHt# '229,751' 6.UTO
LorUlard i.WO.pW)
Lunar.... ..53UW> J» t oW*
[Market liuiDeodujJ.....J-'.J 7W.&SI 45UiW0;
.MereanaJaAirc——„2T.Mai iuq.ooo
.Manhattan.: J.W7.753 50u.«00-
<42.090 16 (K»tt.
L Niagara- ~a— .u fcs.ooo'
New Amsterdam -43i,Huo 40,00 J
t N> VotL„ rtMl ..w n> ;.i.. <l r 1 892.278 15.UUJ
North American tire iTtISW £f<».uw
PUtenix. Brooklyn
Pacific...."...'..; 40,557/'-, 12.000
Hcsolnte 252 45* -Th.HCOI
Uepubtie....;..... <31.000 -Saf.oou
4U.IKW
iterUbf CfitT.tUT T-50U
j J.UkitiSJ 2,-OCOBOOi
'Tra’deam*«i% 428jlSt< 25.000
Underwriter*’
sVillla'oisbarch City—. 532,692 85^)0u
I Washington—,
Vouken «*,yJ3 300,ow
sVrcTforf co* PAKitg,'
Hartford. •2.7W-.OW”- 1,200,000
r mm
rcNksTLVAKiA ctinrAvrKS.
Franklin T. 7. CCDfaQ'.
Alps.
i, rmsburgh
Kvreka, Piusberyb... r ....;:n. ■s'fjg.eoo
Arttriin -17.5C0,
Ademgoia..., '13.500
Mvnnoxabtla......'. ;Hooo
Pittsburgh 10.000
i Union 5.000
I
Federal- 7.50 a
f ATlechanx— ui'/ 2.500
t Nlcrthanta' and Maun-'ar tttren'—.—V 0.000-
Knurpriac. ->226,006
Mwsuxanoa ClotaptoY.'ut hiurtlL'Aiaactea.yi'
T .xx.'iWkA’Coiuuviia..
VAo«rlcan Cenua1..:.77....-.v..T?.:.r/...:.J:.V 250,000
Anchor-...-* '*7,009
tCitlxan*' U—— 25,00U«
I Glebe
20,0C0
nusrod <.*o«r.tMß3. i 1
I Hide and Liatner "00,000 1
fixiepeodent-.—— I
Lawrence 12,000 r'
Maontacturvcs»{.>«
.Merchants’ 10.D0D
National .tOQBQQ| j
j New Koglai-d Mutual Manue Tuu.tw i j
t WtSCRU.>N»or3.
I Andes. Cincinnati.... 250.000 1.
Ailemania. Cle>elhoci.....wu i 2S.C<rij\
J German. Buffalo o.l*Jo I
1 Liverpool and Loudon ami (ifsibe. Bmr 2.000.U00
Narragansott, Prorid«ooe.; t .-.,.........j.:.« >,-3S4X)O IJ
North British and .Merftanille, Ldglanb
~-lVtLcaliii* T -Wo4t Virsißia,paica4n.4aH. ,S«c. 1
oCOUroUndl’wUl.pjyfia fullJ ;rlWw«.;TF»te-1,
tnrtS. md'lfdloo Insnranek Wmpgdies, oTSan I
FrabeiMOfpr .mise to poy ln full.- Baltimore i{
companies anuouooo tney wiH pey ta InlK j J
1 r*" L;i -t. ]■‘j J
ILivcrjiool, London and <*Tobe In.i«»r-
1 •_ ante Coiiipauy.' ;t 1
j As was staled* Cdupl* ef-dsys after the fiVe.; I
.theab ve cotnliaoy'win pky'fiff all their lossesat i
I once, and wUI afforJ «vi'Vy-f*eili»T W policy* t
(M)d«rs togfcttbeir .fa»oo«y.>-'Unlike/auy father c
company, the lArcrpool aj>d' LosdoQ' baa!two 1
lands—a British and An AuitJicsu one—of
mtUiunt each, and’ll'ft. tmir intentiaa notlu i
draw open the American foodat a Lbol to pay
alt their losiqj oat of'.tha. JJrittsb une ||r 1
this mean* the;r American toad is left'intact, to t
mbetaor lossst; No trtaer coiauany will there* 1
Kfa oajgpy Uio fiTeEAble udc-
-Ai
THE LEGISLATURE.
Conference with tiio Citizens'
Committee^
Report Submitted by- Senator Tabu
A. Logan.
Legislation Required by tlie City.
At' 2 o'clock Saturday afternoon the mem*
BorioC .the SttUlLagLQntnie met .in Stand*’
•M Hall, on the cornec.or'Michiran'aveaoe.niid
Thirteenth atreet;’for'ihe'ptirpoje of hearing
from tbeTarjona committees of citizens as to the
action they desired tho General Assembly
to take lot their relief.
The meeting was called to order by thr.Hoh*.
James P.'Rool, who stated tho object of tbei r
>omlpe ;together,/pnd, ‘nominated LwtuUnaqt
Governor ’Dougherty ms Chairman, who, .when
elected, tendered them bis heartfelt firatltode
for the honor.--and ynjacstod.-tho Mayor of' the
city to-act with him cm the platform, whiob'he
dld.
6'ti motion of Scndtbr Toller, o| Bonne County,
the lion. James I*. Root was choeen
Senator Fuller apld tbo members of the Brsrw l
laturc uodersiood that they were thereto eon*,
•ider vfhat wonld be their duly whoa the* got to
Spnnffi<ld*nlt>wasJor the'4itixens to
thcywouli lika to recommend tithe
Assembly, lie would, therotorc. move (hat they
bo requestod to submit their views.
The Hon. cf. S. Hayes said he was lb*! oboir
man -of a cammitt«e,*cbosen at o West, aide
meeting, ami bo bad not been aware) that any-
Sooth Side.Committee' had been appioialed».or
had done anything. Ho wished lo st«te“toihe
members -present, that-the business portletfoL
(be city had- practically been daayycd: the
banks nnd home insurance C'ltnpaPi's:
severely strained. Most of the inhabitants of
tbo burned idistriet w**ra on tho Xorth Sldl*.
where, out of seventy thousan I people, only ten
■■r fifteen thousand remain. Tney were nearly
all entirely •lostituic. and h« had constantly had
forty in bis bouse. Oa tbo West .Side ’•they .bad
i not only housed:tbdse nniortunaiw.l but-had
been compelled to keep icoaiunt vtatcb and
I guard. 1
Tho means ofcommuaiaalioa were sdi-oof-thnl
'he' hnd had no 'knowledge 'of what had
b.*on done on tho South SidfrJTfjThtf
committee of which bo was cbnlnnan Wa| tWaS
prised ol I*. Vf. (*d»oi. C. N. I
.Sonatrrp Woodward and Ward, and ib4r'wel'eto
'communicate with tho General Assembly in re*
lati«n.to the relief needed, and. to wet some*
tbintr'Which'w.-uld be for the benefit of the
voole. ■'Whit.uay spedally wanted, was to .r«*
tu>vß. tbo people •uilxnu* from this calamity,
i Tb -ydiad all fust. were absolitblrdef
Uinta; AVdattbe? JpceUHy desired, hr as that
tho funds appropriated by tho Gobi Ml Assembly
should bo appropriated with special
tbo relief of the ilistre»so<l, and bo placed in tho
I nands utyeaposible person*, under the) coaran
tios of law. They wanted the general
Assembly to provide by law, tbat.;'.ihi fe
i »h<>uld he rjspoastkle officers of the law* who
should hold those moneys and pay
I nee Hite* to jaw. under tbo’direction Qj-.eoai'j
mittees for general relief. The funds should be
carefully granted,-forth* y would require- esSUl*
anco the winter. Sumo «d them would goto
J Sprinsfilld and there consult with their delcga-
I tioas.land.-4ml td shaping Icgulatioii for* thfi
Preservation of life and property.
Tho Hon. John A. Log.iu then spoke as lot*
lows:
Mb. Prpsipent; I am.Cbairinan of aeotnmit
toe consisting ut Judge Heck with. Mr. Hitchcock.
Mr. r, H. ranrellt-'Nr, Fuller. .Mr. Field, and
.Mr. Wicker, which was appointed for |ho pur*
I i»«bo of consulting together and arriving at con*
1 elusion* *ud presenting them to the o|
1 -ho Legislature in as proper manner as we could.
lAs lar ns the presence of tho Leg slature in this
city is concerned, lhoy,c*iuw-on n desire of. their
nwn toVxamine i..rtheirrselvcs. that thsyTmght
well understand what fltolr doty 1s In this trying
hour. I knew nnocbv of their 1 coming
myself until.,.l. received a iclegfkui
Jjm'niiht;aUdtUioJ>Vl6ck,-U*y wore td be hcra
this morning. It was of their «wu uxoll'*urTftul
we ought to be very thankful to tnera tbit they
have’-jo kltidly ebniidfered the distress'
people. Tuo report I have to make is l nearly
made up of wnggrstluns as to what wo thought
was best to be done. These euggt-Jlioos-pnt*
been ver> eaftfhlJy considered by men learned
in the law—Judge H?ckwiib, Mr. Hitchetek. and
.Mr. Fuller, who uro on tho commiU4c l r i ,t)uLr
desire, was to mike sneh.iutgeflions to would
not place the L ;gislature in their action kt hwart
the constitution of tho State, hut to .kef
action as nearly as possible-wituin the!bounds
*.f that Instrument. am|. at"the’ ;same tune, to
give us that relief .whtph reosoaably and prop
erly, under the eoDStiiuti-n, the circumstance*
scout to d-maod.. X will- M*d the report.nod
then, with the“perml>slon of the Chairman and
the mouthers of tho legislature, mage such »c
--marks as «cro proper in connection with iL
Ibc report a aifdlown i
luat UteUn of the city of Chicago upon tfcoeaual
«t»d ttttervnue« UoUttctiarged. and the city be-rnut*
t>urs*l Hu uoioualrxpcuiisd la'tVwpi-uiog the canal
and luierestthvraotCiW provldi'd by the bifllatr***
dnevd hr llw Him. James I*, (foot, with tiiaena*
inent that s<.■ On.ru)of th* eaiil Mtm paid Jurlag
tin crownt u'Culjcur by Auditor’* wurtantf on tli.
*iate Treatcry, «nil that a i»x l>e levied thercroy.'
<Th«t f be paid i-ut of tUe ptccu- of the
tax levy uf tse next JV cal Tear, am! the ba, dti;o out
at the procenU of th» fol!«wtO;f flitcal year; an<l
tiiat the Auditor draw vrarraiiis-iliarefor: »Q<l that
tlie money sc acquired be applied lu erxtliu: bridge*
■nil water uorkv oml stuli public buiulings and
structures asbaiC Welt deatruveil by Are.
That the L;gts|atnro ail' Ml* tho Plpi«-Ht Dl
'or city, an I ccxvitj t..xrs; that a uewtnsscss
uietit mii 2 K*v/ he miUhori* J tor (he payment of tin
neciwaafr rxpuaecS' r>f sStd c|ty,.tuwu, ahd fomitr,
alidrtio mtertet on'theit* debts, stlctl usnssoiimt to
wma'le ur>uu a nc\r vaTtiatlgtt ol tin) property liable
to »Maliu,*v|thH)jfddCity.«t»d«uniy.
Tlftaf tbs' L«l«lature be rnucstwl to provijo that
nvlyrs shall uwt We lest,byyi*son of
tliavlow been- dnren from fttrlr residence by tire.
auJ thU po»frr W.conferred iipr'a lha proper
anihorltie* to prtrvnlu registers ami Juace* of .H"C*
tionlo preciucts In which therecjrJs have WeU’Je*
atroyedAT Are.
Thatttlgitcgikhtttjreberfsuested to asninto tempo*
rarlly tWchutgv atid vxpejiso of tnc City DriOewi-u,
UetanU School.-Oenolf-l’oor House, Insane Akyiuu.
aod CiW Uoopitaif ri.v
Tl]at th* Le2i«hUuro pass a ioint. resolution an*
'tbomUigXh* OOeemuf toiieslgviate «*vea p:rtuas tu
iDVesugaUauU recotmueCd lo;tl;o UfoTedtual Session
of this G< a ir:rai Aa»rmbly vhat islneces*
j «ary tOifariisb wVidah’ro -of title to'lands in Cook
County.
[That IbaA nlitucdraw-Ui*. warrants oo tnrT7raa«
ury (yonvtfort to titm and ijeliter the
saute fo-the citePh'vagq,- lu be,applied io |lio u-
Inro snpporl «f llib I’dUco'Jmi Tire Ifcpartmsuts of
j
dunel ia» rryPtf*
Senator Loo t*. I keg your pardon, sir. for
thsao-auxcestrons. .Thera m*r bo many other
tbinss«.,AVe fWUud, iu,examining (hcconstitu*
ion rhat'rteVc arfi'ecrfain restrictions thrown
aroundrJho; Lntislaturc.OAnd wo do ndt ask
them.'as I said, to break tho bnrrlrrl that
•tands between them and tuo distress ol \ht peio*
Pie. but to do ihat;nlibin tbo prrricw of tbaf
instrument tkalsin properly ho d «ne. Vfu have
naked for Hit amount that tho Legislature
autbyiaed t apijr.‘iPtiaA« under Hu- corfetitu*
non. »vwtfwjgCai«'lbo T purposcs for which itisg*
nulhinc- ahoui it, hUAfi presume thctltberc
is not' much* money la v <trc7 Oil the
city froyertthleiW.*t..iJXhii- will 71 *iptsd t<>
«sri*t very. .ip that particular,
lu the other Parneul*r luo Tolunding of ike
amountwill aid thh city and couply f»» Tiu.iibL
ing Jjgltwdyr.imd erecting rach
p«hfm buildings as are absolutely necessary fur
the purpose of Jranjaoung tno c) the
county, the. bustnees of The Statu that is fu bo
the city,wild thebusines* of tbo
ciry. Fur these purposes wo thought that-this
legislation wuutt} be proper. 3(un whojhave
examined careiuily tlsink ii l# (hehTcgisuitioa
as is certatuly tbo limits and provijidns ol
the constitution, la rclereuce to such other
charities as may be bestowed byway of relist; as
bf course Ibis'people would-bp cljtdU
tlioif ol Hr-
1 accept arc in i» condition now{tbat
i few people ever were.,mid thuy deserve 1 not
.only th* sympathy of the wh do land,
of the whole citilir-d world, but they
de»or»o 111* tfm of ItEtilatvnn u be extended
I 1 over them lor protection. 'You gentlemen have
co too bore (bis morning for the purpose of took
ms at the tbe city ns it ia. awlOo seo the dciola
tr>n. There silent; dim monument* thatthis
fiery demon baa leit «taaJini"4iero appeal more
atrenfiy to yoa iftao- I can 1a calling., (or that
i which you should do for this peopfb, 3I ii aucb
?dcaolarion~'ai!aHciT>qcUoa as the yorld'hai
never ieen MCt-rey umurwy examine tbe biaory
of the fire •rlyioaon.* the'destruction ol Palmyra,
and of Pompeii, and ot alt the great destruction*
nod calamities that fcnsabefallcn-c.tlee b-lore,
not none of. thom will, compare in exiaotwitb
this calamity tftatbnr befallen the city of Chics go.
Tbe arm ot this calamity, in strikiag down
mo cj:y ofChicigo, struck a lloymtbo whole
Datum. ..Tbfj-js- A State calamity—a natieoa)
calamity. The glory »t the Stm« ha* bean de
stroyed nr this demon fiperwnd 1 it is. or should
be, theprida.of.thin State to aid in restoring its
Deadly, ana gnnaeuf, and glory aa it stood here
toe Mw wertdt’gafrrapen below; (Applause.)
As was said by my friends Mr.
Jlnyoi," tad bnsteess ot the city is
in. a.arcaj destroyed*, Iho creot
wealth Uf toe city. si> far as business is oon*
fvroed, hna Mesa nearly ,da«r or id.' T hope rbe
tosuranco cotupauios wdl bo able to iuy_c*ery
rtoltitt TMiave rtdifbPtc ear about Wat."fur 1
have up.knowledge utilia subject,-- J- bops tbe
banks, la a'short time, will be able to pay’ail
(heir deposits. I Cannot say' aught about
tUat, .tta—i— h*v* n»-‘knowledge, ex
cept this:. J ..bare, seen co banker
ot thl* oily wh® •does say, M Oive'
me a little time anil every dollar abail be re-|
Paul." lAip ausr.) I bare teen na business
mao in tins city whaling been burned nut that I
dues out ear, All.'twain is a ll’tlc time, Al- j
tbousb tuo fire has drttr»ycd ay j
propert/v It -bn not destroyed my l
wiMaidtoy energy, and Chicago shall again. l
pbo.mU-d.ke,..., rise* fromj its ashes." lAp
plause.J >0 socb energy is found anywhere as is
found io this ci>y. XuaocU detcruuDitmaumd
will is /mbd anywhere si among this people,
even though laboring under sucb dreadful*
circumstances ai these.
ircotlero«r7*i wllieiwtr WT*2*nc. I have j
witnessed soas** wfvbuug boTfirs. of'
them*. a tfreatlpiany or tndm.’ when* men*wept, i
wfaero tUcrjdshrtt Mff'flbivre they died: but
no such scene si t;eyecwrii»e«»e4' be-
if
ybu cuh>a have TL6ffiep and"aild'r/« l
tue .nld men, the uecrejmr aud axed,' fleeing
irom these flames,’ and tbs' tlamex
leapioc. actOrl IhUL^ixiMc—and tr«m
cne block.tu another, and pjst block;, anil re-i
tarnine-Uyatli,.tnd ‘m»ltax tbe-attack for tbe
.purpose ot.dnuiytnt alt that was- betora (hem, I
yuurktaxta win d Uat« malted from-pity.: Soi
afmy Wa* like tbcot. This besum of dostruetien
swept over the_city fury, that no man can j
‘paint or pictor-T, 5mT no t-niuo.can describe-"I
Xo «*ta»'bo given by
man,' J. care not ha.w bwinay bc.. or j
what ms powers of description may bv. he hai I
deto ib: what icenrs occurred*
4>»rk Jurlnx thUiirg. aurl Um-dimras- tbarTui-,
Igwed. luysrtt-wiUpexvai ingßamdi lot p«afr.Ja.
lying apuD tips grOvodlwithait’covering, and!
SeltUontd nre thba-
sands to-day that arc suffering, but, tbank God. 1
the toaj been sheltered.
As was said by icy friead Air. llajcr,
a i’%W*T'- !s® a N br-:>tfUu:
&Ct £2LUlts3]Mtyitbat,4b«ip< bcc:s! cr-a L him i
of bresd Eulwvftat ts wtlftog to divide the roof I
and the bcasdjvtlhv these: po.tr suff‘j«ts. (Ap.
(dsuse.l Our houjeJ.Wtro epaned. and toeynre J
lull, or nearly so; were .they larger mote would
bo received end aided aa fat as tbo limited
m%&;ss3tt$ d k wss-«i i
Ao a*>|ML«(syui'-
patbHefHt aei-aktfod man
to legislate fur any C'lthmuoity, lireuldootap-
peel to the sympathies-of any. man tuat would
cause him to r-iss beyond the bulwark that Is
thrown aroucAbtm. nor to do injury lo_bi3oont';
scbacw-cri'diastltiientar-^wutttd'' l dwl »»k'.
blnl*' '''thtft, Tiut To
namelsisyapak'iyiooTe lhn-beag{aaad ipto’ds
of these seutletuepi to 4° Ituu which..the hauf
and their doty calls upon ttteolo do sr men and
UgUlalon. iApplause.}. That U,«haV^ihcy
should J*. Tho Omgrcss or the United atatu
has aided sufferers lu litoti of jlwlrtsilmfnfoj i
Legislatures hate doaejt; no reason why i
they shdKdH6fT4a.il thousands I
of reasons lor its b- inc done now that sro..]
stronger-‘tbao- any wbieh bnOoever been pro-
sented belore. because the distress is greater, i
Any «aes«iiiaasthatUAteo(hitn(tcehaito make
will be lisleotdto with,i»Jca»urp. IstqgladUii
has been orguuticd, and our co'mmittee would
be glad to *and- eowter*- with them, and
sae what.ls. best, to ba dune- -ll wbat'i
t iro ri/P'r, Itl it I
'l*-'
lone. If theio is anytliioc olio lint o
i« proper wo will certainly co-operate in doing c
it for thu bom-fit of these suffering people, ami- P
Ht my limn; we will pnio if ncccts.i- c
ry.anitulk and consult with you; not that wo i
csut advise the Legislature, but tint wo mar »»d 1
them iaenmins to ft conclusion in rcleronto to li
matter! that ihty ‘uiay possibly know nothing le
about.. There may Uo many thing* here that you i
cannot understand by a-flyiugvlsitliko lW>. and i
if any ol the eitieenelhatewweU disposed ae- a
sire anything but what is ri*ht. and ask you to
do anytaing that Is wroeg, if they aid you
in any way-in coming Id they
should confer with you in myjudgmeni at least,
in order that we may all do that which we think
is right and proper under the circumstances to
be done. T
Mr. Uayas-saM he aeespted General Logins
kind invitation to co-operate with hts commit-
Us. As' regarded the paper presented.-be-
l had not examined it carefully; but‘there wsra
i «*ne «*r two points he w**old-bftglad- to see care-
Tally e »asldei»d;- lie hcped lhe General As»em«-
bly. Before adjoorning.'wonld do kl.Ubeyi eouid. i,
and he felt assured General Logan s remarks.
bad touched the hearts of its member*. .They
had the mcn*who bad built the city, and they 11
could rebuild 15,il they could.get assistancefrom
Assembly; and be hoped it would be
graotadoo ft-ai»*aaniine|Wi»Ct!e. ..That done, j
the people of’Chicago would take a new march. I
yad aehievo IhersbuUdiog of the elly. hut they
must base support, and they looked to the Han-. 1-
\ml AneinMyt'actlng within Its constUatiooal 1
powers,- lor Jfhey bobod then .would be no I
technicalities and'no cavilling,
v bad spoken about rebuilding
the public building/. Ac.. by nooapy-approprialed
by the General Assembly. ‘Ue thought those
phblicrworkafhouldbeput 'tp oruratlpnfttonje,
and the Court House should be rebuilt precisely
where .U aras' bsfbro the. fire. The Common
-Oyuucil had unanimously so resolved, and be
tnournt'rtre report should mrnti »n it.
Senator (LOraq-aftid his cqmtniUoq was not
aware of it. Jluldci, they had gqnaiatu nu de-
IhUaon the subjoei.'- 4
Air, Hayss thuaspokn an rofarcc.co-to the sag-
gestton that tha Slate take bosscsifon of their
-publlcinstiiuiioofi Ho, thought thotnuestiooa-
hlc poUcy. They were impoverished and pro s
tfttted,-but they hatfhbt U«l ihbir manhood.- -I
r 5-matoctVuUor wanted. la-know .it be under.
’stood AlrMlnyti Ihsay that he?ird ntfl want the i
Ststnloumnno tbo responsibility.of’iookiDg al- I
terlbe insane, etc. t
S’ be wanted Ih-Bato to make i
an tbamachi i*ry of genera
nraimi still here: Thcy*bad*trahicd officers. j
aud employer,,aUd it waa-dwj to-ibejn tMI. the
city should retain’conlr'ol of Ib-jse institutions.
Senator Wo.JUnl »oi>l,d. to -knot, if ,Mr.
dlayee bad any objection to the slates taking
chairwoftbe Insane Asylum.
'jMrsUayet bad not. But if tho Legislature
’hAd'a’figfit to appropriate money to build; a
bridge in Chisago,-why had not they, toe right to
Appropriate money to carry on’ a Brid-Jivcll of
.which the ijtaio-galainedthe coatfol.*
flonftlpf.Loaail laid Ali'.JUycs had pot under*
9Uod Uiicj*upoed‘‘-Thcy4ld nett ask ibo Lcabla- i
t&ro t ilppfnpriato money to rebuild tho. Court.
tu pny back' which j
’ibo ciiy had advanced to deepen the eatiaJ...«»d
which by |awUb!d a right to do when it pleased.
HewouW-owfy-*errtVc3t-to Ibo Legislature that
they specify tao purpoi-JS for which, tho money,.
(bus ri'patd.’cu'sld be used.
Air. Ilayeareplicd that if Congress worc.m ses
sion ho would prefer to havo them taka the canal.
and make it a grand national wuij;. ..J>ur
bo did nrt-thin* ri l would.'bo ;Bceepia-.
blc' tn llfd rpcoyls of* Chicago tp have
insiitutious taken' out ol
their hands. Tout' intituled-autl». riti»*s i«f the
r icily ’cxlstod, anil could *aka ebarco, of.ldem.
firo, her
abUilf tb-iacctmugencie.-.., <tv p i
••*Phe Uon;Alv. H-ohardscn.pf Adttns.»iiidtha!.
uS ci that y .h-fty.'.he Wou?o
fgfoud :ttam!.*U- the. aid pokilVe within, ibe
purview’, of the oouitKutioo, so s/onas bo know
what was desired.*
iMrzOgdoiT tnß'lo'a' feik remark?, urging, the
re bullying the
i old ground.
Alr,'*¥oleyrth6'Chriioratioa .Counsel, slated to
tho mcipbcfj thqL.4Thoo Jbeytfrqaobed .Spring*
field tSV/would Slid a commituffe appointed by
lue Afanii to represent 4ho eorporatbrn aad
of/Afdicrs Qoudy, i Uilon*
cock, gbd-Ai. or General
Stiles. The city was created by tho Legislature,
u nDd-jow-expectedto go.-Wo it, as a child to iU
Unlbcr, and «ay {frhauii-wanted, i
1 Senator Firtlfr made a few remark?, relative
(q ibo Urifbledistre** caused by tho fire, and
100 willfrfrbiwi of’lbo General Assembly to do
all it could to relieve it.
The jlon. Siim. fuller said Uio tiacs:ion bofnr*
ihcboomiuoe #ns; What should fhojrnsk-ibnt
the General Assembly cotthT gfpntf Th-y bad
t caustiUtion carcfully-aod believed -all
Ae thiogs.sakcd'in the repoflAL"Tbo rcconls'oi
Vttry-court ariTdcslroyea, ns well ns the coll for
tho November olectioa. The elcciiou laws must
4 bo modified tor ibo people •liymg to-tho burnt
1 dhtn£> .The Stsfe Resume fhblr canal,
'and'tlrey wanted that done.' Their public insti
tutions wore disorganised, and th• y wanted the
6iata to takc.obafffu pf thorn. All -ihodq thioxs
could-be eoojfijuy'inaljy done.'a'nd il the Legis*
laturo.wbold'tto tucdUk toelr own energy would
bring*.fut-oi
The Karl I)r. BoitUttspoko br'n iiv, u-rfnt the
nccoss ivy fer-spoedy netiou, iu tho dis*
nrerswlrton waSTirevnlling*
"■Toe ,H05.-AltJ;dodd said that tbs-oomiqiltoe
did not'desire auy expression of qpiuiop as to
their report. Ho hopeq that treasures would be
taken to furhfca tho poor with work. f
Mr, Judd in .yod tbgt lW ycpori, and all other
papers on tho'fatno subject, be relcrrul to the
General Assembly,
General L >gan said that was* not a-report, but
rimply suggestions lor the consideration vi the
Legislature.
agreed to arid, the
j
_ K. Lalcil^olUcr.
Rev.* R. 'Laird Collier yesterday nturniog
rPff*ob«l atlbe Church of a eon-
Utegatlon iftit.tqibytelhiijtvwfloifcatbo edifice.
Tnofollowlngis an abitract of his romarkst
I have been busy in a more sacred mibistry
■Mhftn arrsbgiak',Prec&s '"ard careful
tsfoyibis togeth
er this morning sucu reductions ashivo come to
thank Gnu Aat cmr church., still stmiTs
and bopeU wiU morally'‘stand lar' more t than
•wbeibre. _ -.1.-
I b>.fe beard p,ct a Httlo speculation abontthe
ymriral sic«ittfc*Dce .pf :ourtgroat daisiorty.-and
men who meant better have unwittingly aucus-d
God of a rrcni wickedness when they lo
timntcd that it to iildsmcuc u£ Jieavcft t>e
i 'b* uT our city.
I 1. hir«» of all, jadgmentftornearen arp never
t retrospcotive. but always proipccUva—vJmc ‘j«
I they are never of the backward tlsncVbdt-'alr
t -Thl«eal«tnlty. aslllf cal
amities, hag.a meaning, and its purpose st
work out (tea runchanging will and bjsne: cent
L?»iV5 n Thoindividual »n<rf s tnrorary, coed or
hnih.nwu.mo .if it will <mnon<l tibuily “poa
yj&* ■rMit.jri* -r*i 4
The chie\ element'Visibio to hu r ores by v hieT
b0 ,ro •l r *a,h«,«V»ut u tlio tr.nl
drought—rttre banol scarred a tn-.-u I 11
j.rMa for.more Ihjo-j-oj-.nr,, »ritl IhmMi rc
«J* J* -'VodrrlWx. "nr dir ofJbrStic,
J,d .ttrdi »M tn .ihoondulm for tstfeu«lcd
ibnes of fliiuo and mqil.
I At in thj Brn bnWi B idifcmhnlln'lhnsehlo of
pualhicint irom-Ilravoa hnonnio nf the §tu-
I'M, mohln,-1 remark:.
,-(jo(U »»r i. othcr—irr. He d>st!Mi nM •1(5--
"■"u.Jiwiuif.und. bcild, op, .iibout p u li.it
>4own,'. No-•oeb-puti’Shment cVutd'pdesvb y do
4 jnrjiood .r it w,rphnlr,r C 1 in
-1 flicti-o ofthe/od cf ilsavcu. v
i .Wajxtfd reason why Cb engo
should have hern mado an example for the vest
<.f (be world. ,0/ cwcsp, were a pontdo of
great worldiaesa
in, !n'l li«r; d ni b l| t, cmjihlr. StiVly of iho
(jh r'*l'“ D S«rW h«« ever d.. n o mate.. acutUihi
lo 11, tao.DV. for Khool,. ohurchc, ,hd. c iari
lies. r
The pony bar* been systeouifenUy provaded
far. and freely educated insduxl'and. ebireb
There bare been from the fin* ssiutly men ar
THE Cm ut'HES. 1
Sermons yesterday by Hey. B.
Laird Cgllior. Bey. Vf. H.
Byder, and Other 1
Clergymen.
4-women whosetrybas p,,, OJ>lO
has beard them. M
UtokA&at'li no
i We h-*ve chiefly magnified the right* of&Ji
'tidoslrrnthertiian'uf uncieti*. IV Darn 6con
.shockingly, raoth-Sighied la. tha. boaodarics ‘o
nor fire home. to permiltlug so many or .am
i woo^tfbttV^sf^hi&ltho.limits of thooity
i and to-day, tua fir* limits should he tho cir>
1 limits. ,v
I 'V® ha,*e"titren duirsway 0 drinking, cbm.
1 bhng nnd.WcenuoM .bouses, ami }u,va hyloni
moral laxity invited «6 the city and harbored in
it a cmumal vopul vtion P aJm«.a: t.jual loibal oi
j London, which is the worn on imj face bTUa
j earth. I
Wo ham thus dan* fc«s to ybfM* fKrs very
population wh«t\«noar R-.wcrihaa almost fcny
;oihcf cut. Uur ilriJewtJi and j iil hero cited
i al«ud to Ueayoo for help and redrers.
We have bad (be cgperieneont' tbo whole
.world backnf Qt.-and; yet "in building agrees
city and centre of civilization, w«* hare circa
the work into IttebcoiiseT VerdT renfi sufe
speculators and bare sai&ihlytacen earn of our
own concerns,
t Wo have drifted, ton. into (bo hand* of a sol of
j tricky polUtfeians. the spirit of which is illustrated
i by ottrpreseßt City ounoil, and the only recoc
oised aristocracy of the city.U p-aet of. ignorant
I m-tl recently rieb sociaf swells and mobs.
Jlnw, I say the ju imcot~of oor calamity is to
teach us to.-curd UiMC orlir. Wo musiharo,
1 ec .otrair l,oiaes and business
managcmcul. ?'X »n»! bi/t.'bopfng i„ see arala
suchotu^ootresiduaocs oad-Lu<>lueved}{«e)ts. X
I ociUlnljueTcr d.-sixe In- -JJgrotK> knows better
I'thaa. wo in these tuatjera. -I<st.;<>urcmo build
r toys and -monumcnts. our school boildmasond
churches, vur pqUig-librarioe- in each auction xtl
I the city, our colltgu of tha, learned profession,
be craad had impwtivo as may be. la vhtae we
can illustrate ourgenwu for beauty sad sacri
i ficciWheo oar’busiocas and domestic expenses
are less wo can have more to give t j the public
use*. rl;.-ji
Wbai-tt lost:
1. Our bouses. Thousands of families are
houseless aud pcopiles*.
.2- Our bojiucsi. Tallis t^mpariry,--
o. Our moaeyA-Thtyij.&jrmi tuuiuriane, but"
one which v&emt repair.-
W« have net l«m
Our Qeogmpkyi Nsturweallei the Uk-».
the,forest.*. /Uoprairies omr«nrie u
lout' b«om wc ’*o.er» born, aod^
they decided- 1 that:- *bn tSIa spot'
a great city sboaid. ho*, built—the railroad/^ 1
sad puerceUe men barb'<olded (o'fb/fil the 1
prophecy, v n]
2. -We hare act lost oarmetf—aoblir.’ traßr-J
oti*. and ofgeutua. 1
a. Wo have not lovtoqr hope. This city U 10l
beat sneo rebuilt, and la© cloy of the Utter
tiousk shall be err-atwr tbwn tast of the formef I
Vut rioif-k.w.-'inrin ISc
at yc., lh.ra.is a, Jream>-,-hASj>. abuupi
it. Stern reality bill c.me" u Md
■mero aU’bater.' —temptation will m-d
to creauraeiflaboesyon'tlrk pkrt of thr** who t
hare aDyibingleft; Womast Share- (n
cebfeblta.lhoneedy; ITWp'cuursge an aadcise’
to oiherr. Our oo. and in
them we mail «»*fcWowner bclorc.
God is ounur aide,- aud Pas ItfU ns something
to do»«ooicUuas te ho pa Ur. somavamyio lorr
v i' 1
fegt that aerpral-OMhci
more promment cadfcW-bad bora destroyed,;
the atteudanoe at ihuse wluqh ramatced woaveryl
Urge. Al St, FauU (l*nirersattsi>-Cbtxrcfc on t
ibe •corner oi uabuh arcuue amLAUa Boren I
street, instead of the beautiful cdiCcnatst week i
«g<nJ»ia:itmDConTy'A--hh»yKitv»^rt.>-^Jii 3 j;g
not. Pfettmt-»0e
ipgeiDCf, ana a naye cpncoursewiu pressat- obes
thopasTor, Aer.Jlr.' Bvdar.cutda soms cheeciag
remarks to hii* parishioners wh-i weragatbccea
in frontof IberaioK-.-iiX.qbrarnor Dcuglar, ol i
Coaneeiieat. was present; nod spoke for*"
ioma r iaoßjpptt. l to-tba 'Thlaeiampls
was
Siaw.ebuiaMiM, home of tta pas tai sand prepared i
regular. ia- bdxd* the Tolisf- beta
occupied tb« siHiee aqd'AUsaticmaiuailrßirrQ j
up u> dxnao iprtiue,.
Kt, CririrxhV. j
At the rules of St. James* Church -(Episcopal!, i
soraer ol Cast “d. Uuroo straits, ali tbo'old
members of ibe ttstknedfu »aert«»
hr. ike .rcct r; Ksy.« dtugb Miller Thompson:
irmtafTkj
jonsregatiok
rebmlt,,\'Jhe jictor tehda>afew. remarks, incuj- I
tatiug eauraztf and hopefultirs*, Xbe coa*t.--', 1 1
rauso 'organised, and revolved to temporariiyi i 1
'opalr theedifioe Cora:reice«daT;Dg the winter;’i
committee, eonutmcol the rector, the j
>nt, Hop. 'l.' JT. Arnold, ,W- 11. Ogden.
b* ii’. A* HcCsgg,
iihers wa» appointed to IHUO A
•ircuhr announcing that the church was not 100
urnii'l to r<cci-?ojiiifu:cbaUdiac
•<»cal e lifseo.eremod'Tn -fttlend*
mne at the «r|icep was very large, and }J« ren
*-nl inromlon expressed.l" Jpbotld /1h j
Tno4*and**UUc inter-
"•led in learning that the to
ihciol.lielJkilMlnJlho Mn «.r h»3
through tb« norm of fkc-»|lho«t iMpt .mnutrL.
ally Injured; ba'fttfo the Croi.te Übl.t.
XHE SOUTH IHVIKIOar.
Good Order Maintained by Lieutenant
General Sheridan—Belief
Toe South Side fof the last two days has been
decidedly .the most promising portion ofthe city.
The magnificent residence portion of the city
lofi.unbarncd has been rapidly turned into tbe
city of the present, nod tbe city of
the past hai‘sbown'eacauragiag signs of
peration.. Sufficient time baa now elapsed to en
able the houseless frfmi to get into new quarters,
and ih« remit baa beaa,tbat about every second
house lias..•‘bong out a sign,, and’ th e
large firm* of the.past-are getting Into tem
porary offices with what stock remained to.thero.
The banka..bare taken-the load -and are now
nearly ill .situated within a radius of ten block*
fr-irntbe corner of Barfisea street and Wabash
avenue. It is< perbajw tbe most encouraging
sian fnrtbe future that nearly every-mcrc-mul*-
hoose in tbe city has hong out its s:g3 and pur
poses to do what it ctmin tbe way os business.
<J« yesterday tho crowd of sightseers, which
has betn very large everyday since the fire, in
creased lb that eilenl that ravage was almor
impossiblb.. -The omnibus ana oar lines, both ol
which have resumed hearty all their routes, bad
ro*»re business than tbvy could fairly transact,
-and at no’ time lor years has tbero bjee so
Urge a crowd -In the streets as on
yesterday. M**n. wimen; and cblldten crowded
the streets, and riedwllh each other fra chance
to get iuu over by tho numerous baebaind
i equipages which crowded tbe streets.
The relief work, tho most important clement
l in the city's welfare at present, has not been In
{torrubted at nil. and witl'not bo liiseontinued af
I present.- One of tbe worst features of' the work
1 has bo'-n, ami muM ontinoe to be. tho thievish
tendency of parties- who wish to prosti
tute the noblo ebarity of the Ameri
can people to the purp»so« o!
gain. There can be m> doubt that many ofthe
applicants for aid onlynot deserving of
assistance, hut should be punished for thblr in
gratitude.' The delivery of the wholcrel|ef bus
iness t» tbe CbicarvUdlof and Aid Society has
given great s.-itirfioti'in. and tbe feeling is gen
eral that tno work will bo wclt'doiio;ani the
munificent gifts worthily distributed;
j The work of*'maintaining order hag fceeo the
best nmnog'id ninny inThocKy, and under tbe
J contml of General‘^-bendan-there can be no
d<»ubl that each'citizen may fed pcilcctly safe
in bis house ami* person; Taken as d wuole, the
eutlouk iseneonragitip,
•A^.VOl'XCE«li?fTS''.
S. I. Russell has contract'd lo rebuild' tTif
lilinoisCcntra! freight dcp'*loo its old site. Tbe
walls now standing Trill" bo Usoit, and (hereof
will he put on in ten days or, two week?. The
building-will be 4"U feet lone and. fij foot wide.
The Crst load of lumber was landed onSuturday
last.
—Dr. McArthur'ls requested lo call ju 176
Won Washington street,
—We areT^qaestc>l by-tetcral l of (ho i«surai\cc
companies sjho are-Hropuriug to pay. nil losses
in full,-taurgir up-m all-those who liavi tared
hoj* properly from the fire, to carefnlly invent
■»ry said property, aud preserve it frOtn j further
daroaSe. The InreuMne#, whon' mide, should
oo left At the insurance offices. f
—Colonel J, U. W<iod has purchased the Globe
Theatre on Uo«platoWsireec, and will at unco Q(
it up and opon-witb-his dramatlo ‘couiPaoy frum
ibo Jatc-Museum. Jfo paid no cnonuoaa price
for the tons© of the property. r
—J. W. Butler Co., paper dealer?, hate
opened their safe, and had tbecootents iu good
condition.
-J. W,B»an; of .Morris. IU.. offers, free of
rent, to the merchants of Chicagowbo hate suf
fered by thcQre.Mho room knpwn as Streeter's
Hall. in Morris. 755-V) lent, .well-lighted nnd easy
of aecessi’and sutted to almost any manufoetur
-1 ing business In which steam
House rt.nl and other cuponsrs ot Tiring are
low. Distance. MxtyJHUles from Chicagol on the
.Rock.lsland IbiciGe Railroad. Capital can 1
bo raised there to worthy men. i
—Th> course of iostraelioa of fhoOHlcago Col
lego of Pharmafey, by the fire, will
bo resumed t-»»d<»y at the Medical College, cor
ner ot Twenty-sixth street and Prairie avenue.
—Tb« beiidqa irlera of.rhe ChifcagQ HraDe-'
partment la nt thehauje bf tho R.'A." m Sliams/
oo West Liko-srfeo:.'
—PrQfe««or Brndish'. •of tho Academy *of De
sign, sated several things from hts own studio,
and with tho aid of others,T| (fondm/iny things
word preserved. inglqdpiu pictqtoa'oDd (ranks.
XhelattCf wero taken toMr®dlry*s Hrcry atobls.
on Harmon court. .Two iruulji, bellovca to be
long tb some qftho artjjta gf tho academy, are as
rot unclaimed, i\hd tu-ijr qJ loixud at Mr*
Bradley's stable,
—Dr. W. 11. By'brd** oflica Hi' at N». V 25
Twenty.second street, and h!s. rcardodde at 5P k
■nJ T ,m<Ji corner of Wotid
■nd Ijjjie t.r bmthbido ardors should b«
at or. iSyloti i office..
—The goners, oCbma of-ih« v llUnoD Central
Seitt'2! 610 'Mmblgaff
xt<^r rkff^co Dyflhn’a drag storoi
No. 183 West Madison street.
v T^ I, S P‘* no taken fn»U\iilorih:l,iSalle street.'
ha>f a hlocl{ ooHh ol Division may ha hoard'of
i
w Oun»v C. B. Wober, of tho medical
department. of Wooster UoJrcrMty.- at Clcre
land,* desires; us to. announce that free tuition
1 will bo extended by that iosiitattoa to wli uicdi*
cal students injured by the fire.
—J. H. MoVicker requests (bat tho-managers
nf, places ol amusement him a( the
Briges Ilou-ic, corner nfOoonl and-rMadison
atreatv.-at U u,cl(i,ck JXa also: trqbcsU
a JI. Profesiloaals, and those employed 'at *tho
placoyof amuscmouL to report nt onoo to their
respective managers, siatipg thoif loas and pres
ent wants,
—Tho Borne; tt’.iuo. corucrofCoo.lanil lUr.-
Jr.lrh Micof, uono (xf ih. hen thinm s.-ircj.
It Ivor CQurde, aoioe a tlaurilbiair Oorio.M,
Norton A and? Wcsf.MaJijon
street, want nj hire twen« y coodcoop«r| k with
tamlUos, at mills at D»ckport, L
—Ap-dlo Lodco_f.ff.T3 its lull, -.N0.: ICHB State
«re«.-t. for the uso of.nU .Maiouic bodies that
have been hur.ic-d nut,
—GOstivus Gcaty-hss-'ffono to New York Ur
JRCert or lho of (ho Chicago
..“-'ll M*»om fa thjfrou.*houKt «pply u the
Masonic lleaitausctcrs »n the Masonic Temple.
corner®f Randolph nod HdUtcii street!..'
!mmh .h- W! l *?.l’hi'Sicwoi of-(be.oily will,
jrapct a£ rciulcnce of llr. U
i ctufi who Ion; by
j ..TJJW 0 V' 1 ■'l’ 0 lor lhasirknml ihiar.d
iw? n headquarters nt the
!na H,^^nSS l u°.V il^cctor f *he Washing
<abis even
irTh/P"*- 0»I>4«i
!ll h r :1 ?=">'!■«,tbo In.urareo
PanM I-iescs.
I2 a H-JtVCls base oSwMiy re
i7fl^tt v a like amount
1 htti,> x,.JLtis.claimed that the JRtaV
-®ii ce s? {?.Od(HQQO». wi»ica.«iii be
«Au«tWMjiTpaiqitlTMta# posnoJo..
Uuntioaricod *L C.lloa.*h h[ Ibc\oase
J l l pl VJ i ld Sl ll V f THhttt. C-].. tele
fj** 1 *V* 1 rati, .Vo.39'*Oinal street 1
vaoi^rfs” 1 1 i !T rcr-
i inadt dter^ h r J cr#tT, v aV bef
1 madedwmutebA the
i ,n.V-Li"*" AV,, h«utcan Sand «uid *j'<
1 Wabaih nvrhTe.-
HwfbraS&lW*' CbWCftnpm»>.
410 jS C V«i Lx iL 'i fEc< L 011 the v doant lot Nos.
l V,:.>ATS R arenae, m»j.»ininff
jsw»^\^ u din^^' c c 110 TfS >b. booth
'b.vTbe rositnnstcft haiToftnalrtneJ, to'.'J. R:-
Ln! Wejj IJsßdolpli a-Jiuan
♦rTf -stamped envelope*. The
puohc can thrro b“ aoeQiniood.ittd. j
r*l»eiJ6ard'OtWd«r<«tit)n frhaVit’atlTejirbers
L^iJS v f 5WS tbcm»riyo*.c«:il')4o
lUndoiph street.
I J^^waUodc^Ttli. bd iin*Uoa«<fotu
I rrAoffrr-TahtaWo 'plnfor#.*‘tHfl’*nßJwl befog
[x e }»|»v>tyofour Lard. i* believed tola in the
rdooasoriwibe-pefjon fn tbcclt'j .'"Anyone linr
il.-witl i-Icia* re
pffrt-lt fo TDo ofcoer, Dr. K> J.-r, at No. lOT&mtli
,^anewtpmr,^,vr T

Uavo already been art to rrork* 'tc Clear away the

s
c
•I
i:
■t
V
it
y
I f
5
I I
rl'-
:fx.va*.
A ftew. tiaiar/i ■oltbji refprm toordiahtat in
’then's U;mett
I has been'el&tdlLl'f&fbieat.'-Theie'reformers
I comprise the city, who are
j colhtuiailic .io-dha oaasrv :Tfaorteomnritiee of
J WT.eniy are diseassio* (he beu tatAns.ol obUm
honest count at ih- ocit.wioctfcm.
—Aa inspector bAtto«n,o</Po»ntca:for thai
S:n?rof4&Bt-IT ink, X«w euy-» which bw.
Ihi An compelled to euspcmi.
—‘Xbc.pjejf-;Vi>xkifi«Mva at* ten
1 coot** oHhe-V. hie«W tire, bitch l<y residents
l«l this city. The 4ui»e« say* that {bw'-ebeerful.
i spirit and brarc word* <*f Tub Ciricico l'utßi%\*f
i are heartily. endctyed by the wboln. coonirr-
VthM ivi»: ftrtlyWdev? that the iibnSpqdei.ces are'
rerr<s«rioU.'bttt<hat the *cartttiu*aW<J sribndor
•with which she triltbo rebuild. oin bo one of the i
woQ<lerA»rttJbw*ixi(lwt m:li .sF 1
•-Tp%.Jt?&y.otk, city, PAPMS; ara asking fchat'
ifm? cfforrhe m oa./vot bkhtlnaot
ferers by the fire in
4-.-=-E gatceu.CAr-inadi of~oo*J. sweet
t from Fort
1 —'rtnccaih rafeertptfensto sfcXoQt* inaU oV-
J^® the.Curww attwuut t»
r •Tuß;^odoo T; W'of SataHiyJjUtci tbailbe
Lord.Mayer faa4<rc*elred -£tT.ww iterUn* a* the
I rrsult u| two days’subscrlmioja to tho'ChWiß-’-
iSS& twV-fetfiissiamffisr
j and »lb*r tonus 1
of the aborrdato'haS trader io
viewing the Cbtosgo ootfL-ssnstien: so l tt»e’*r<jat-p
;fire* aow- ravwhioff theL-ifertlnrsst.'-arfd ad.
riling prompt aett iq by tbe itato- antaoriUea'inj
Suppressing the. attempted FoaUn-tcrasrin nf
;J!aoUob.u- It draw*. the.a.,oo ttsi<m •tb*t*£a*-
UjpttofHi^y{iio^eJi k»;fciWcid'?ariiiilioaw/rh
rcry meentire to aUeTiateltie of the-
West. NeArlyaJlrsitfetywcsttsoss aaj steam.*
„«r lines bate, announced xbaiMeadioea to tram--
portcon^^ K Qyf t i <gg yg
IT 1 bjanjXjqluscusc Scstrnc
t|ou o£.Fropertr« 1
L Tbe I«>s brthe'fi'rt! at .Ust^aa-iidfLTmste&al.
'over JI.IXO.iW. 'and lan’_uilur.taoa 1 does not
amount to lialf that crealpart of ithaioc
-1 fat Western companies, 'ylttpenibaudrcd pboaie
werc rend*rod UonjeJess. Alllu3r*nd.'3.ooo pro-,
plo sro
f the t >wu wa*- d'cstr.iytft; sixty bong*#.
>McUdtot llope01:e8h, twn ebsrebde.^oovebooi-
Jtetoe» and uae.flnar ssrill being kfl' rfanding.
Too people aresafi'eriar lrdm-a-niant
ii>oa,.e}uihiafc*hxtd Tbe
ite wockla'fcH than two hours from tbo time it
eotariii lb\to; fifiT>fi»e *x:oreet foup ebbrebe*,
three ne.WKr4lor being swept
sixteen milea vestrof Allegao. J
darerwboildioßS werabutued, ,r
Qriai««bop.:n rUjag*.between Sanralock-and
lioljsod, wsi; nearly destroyed: I s
Firaseontißu'e, ai.lstovt adricoxdltbroagbout
the
miny ptbcr iv^tilpg.
AfireJ. iiurtAiu.t'ttad Xru*ieß of the Notr
\ork Typ BapUidaT Loica, armed in the city
yMKrday witAfp/XW »a currency, lor tbe relief
lb Cblesgo Luiod. Praters, ;£y,,r«»olu(iaQ
L b^?-?-/^ rk ilou Pf'-tnuul- more funds
,rßo, L!S 4tfle Tneoaapos o; the Horfd office,
(ifi.t uutoo misodeiiTexed-
:sr XIiLuCKAJJIUC AIIVK ES.
INSURANCE.
LIVERPOOL
i LONDON
GLOBE
Insurance Company.'
The losses by the great fire in this Com
pany, which amount tb*’Shout $8,000,000,
wili be paid immediately and in ftilh
Every facility willbc given to those'
holding policies under‘which losses have
been sustained in making proofs, for which
‘uniform blanks will be supplied at the
office on Wednesday (18th). tl
Authority Imving been given lb
on the head'office m England for the fulf
kinbuiit of these -losses/ the assets in this
country-Camohhting to over $3,000,000)
will remain, as -before, in the hands and
under. control of the American, Board ol
Directors.
The business of Fire Insurance will be
continued as usual, and those who desire
to effect insurance on properly will please
caff At the office, as the Company has no
solicitors.
WM. WARREN, General Agent,
Office No. 5 West Msdison-<t.
-We take pleasure in publishing the
following letters from the President- and
Genera! Agents of the
FRANKLIN
Of Philadelphia.
Ornci: or tub Fbakkun Fire Imuiuxce Co..
rmuibcirtii-i. Oct. 1571. J
UES&US. DAVIS 4 UK QUA, Agent*, Chicago:
1 with, open* Ulialf of the Dircctorit and fellow
to temlcrour fuU for Tour city in
Its «wful cdamily and desolation. To lire isiurcd
the Franklin. upon satisfactory proof "f h»s
a rery claim will be p-»ld with promptness. The com
pony will meet nil lu-r nblicatlotin'to Clio citizens of
Chicago iu this, (heirnor* afllicllou, with integrity
and hoaor. You«a rr»p*oifcilly,
ACFIIKIXI. IMKEU. >*re»Jdeut.
OriH’F OV TIIC VIIANKI.IN IX-rKAMK
CoMP.mvof Hini.\n»:trniA.
l*irr»nvßUH, Oct. ISTI.J
To DAVIS A UK t*U.\
(it.ViLC.’U.S: The suut fire at Chicago will
louht. wipeout many of (bo companies doing busl r
ness in tlie West. We have gone over the bnalucss ul
ill© Franklin in Chicago Mid take great pleasure in
inforuiii'C you that if slid bod lust cvi-ry policy tbeiv
.tho payment iu full would tint absorb ro per cent ot
her furpln*. The Fvarkliu, thereTorv, yet lu»sds her
'ilghplace among Iho General. Agefu y Ccmpanh* o’
ihecountry a* thoono’ the. greatest surplus
cap.la.l. V«V toopMotfwllv,
n .t'UFKJjS (ioncr.il Agents.
W© aro aseurid by the General Axentaof the Com*
oauy that at tho.tluic of tbo fire aim had ca«h asset*
of oror f3.?20.iM) and that after paying all her losses
«h» will still lurectorasjO&.tfr). That the capital
of the Company is’Jlirt.fsri, has a surplus over capital
of over S2£ij,"W. Sim will immediately fay tier
(Discs, wjti out.even disturbing ber permanent fu
vratmwt*.
Davit A llrQ'ta '"‘J the local agents and iiro cover*
liig risks at llielr tUIcV, 50i’ t Michigan-av. ajrl 35 and
Sodtb.V’abiNaC.
Wo are bappr to publish the following despiteb
fiom Cii»rre«i(!eiit of the American Contra! luaur*
vnre Company of r'l.Lnul#
•To DAVIS A UKtyUA; Agent*:
We aro prepared to pay alt Jvttes ami not claim the
sixty day/crvdHlt wnr polides!*
1 (JEOUGE r.TLANT, rrciideal,
Georg,* P. Plant fs lhc/grcat llour Louis.
Ml oj imr citizens nr« ,tv«n,nc»iUalutod. with liini.
Tlio company yyi l*-sj ot>oul I *rijJX< V,,wLich' they
wlll j.iy immediately, anti leava'tltciraasatb ittuboul
c:7.ooo-i»tnct.- PlTi3 Jb'RtytA are tbsJr agenl*.
jnnd nrirccvvr/iigrtyks aj their
aiV and 35 and 27 South Cahil.Vt.
V Jfbe Imperial Insurance C-euipauT of London, Jsna
laod,.w:ll have its beadqqirier*' and cover risks at
their office, Jfj'MfcUlaaa-nr,'
The aLevo are prepared to pay their losici Immsdi*
Atuly upna the adjiHiiuitnt ut,tb«ir claims.
C. Hv CASE,
Xo. 05 South Canal-St.,
A&KNT aPOXi
Insurance Company of North America, of
Ftoladdpiia,..
Springfield Rrs‘and Ins. Co., of
Springfield, Mass.
National Insurance Company, of Boston.
PeopVsFire Insurance-Company, of Wor
cester,’.Mais. s
Policics all tiood,
I’crsufli JiAViii? claims asaiixt utilise of tboj ii^ T e
Conir-mIM willpleaso the Minn at mT oliicv
f«r adynetmont, and thrywin W considered" ar fast
a* clrcoiinlaMcrs will a-tmlf.
1 shall continue to Issmi *ond.- uonnd policies t»
Utrelurore.'* *C. 11. CArilS. Agent,•
NORTH AMERICAN.
.^IR^.J,HSU^ANC.E..ppMP'Y.,
Of New YoTlie
W« ow.anlUotii.'J by advices Unj eamomy to
stau thiit ibcrj ara’rfrpttru.l to, P,\V ALL-'THEIR
LOSSES, and lo'contlnuo business at berfitoJOrt*.
M.I, Cl.ilMri ViNUEItiUtIiATB fIEB.
riituft i>e jprc<ciiteU:«t oar OUlec, XorlO
lsl*lpl«l*fe-court.‘
r«rtici*lf»lrlnsto§nranco lD ttio OLD IBUN CLAD
Noilfu AMERICAN, applj to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO.. Agent.
luindridga-conrt.
'..xnsrxoisr
INSURANCE, COMPANY,
Sah; Francisco.' I
Ibo gn’ajoli»v<l.LVpttcb (ntrlf:
]»i Uronitway,’N«w "York.
ShmmiM S, Ckunl, A&snt
.UNION liaard from. aarall rlalit. Will tarot
rrery JoIUr of ihcir liability. efcapT
ta) wilt botnadaViiora thin good. THlLbelu Chicago
lo odgiiat.
r IhiWtßf Ootmirrux.
M«hs7«t«.
Pplicim In thfs f.itarite'comrVnj iri«r l>6 fowl of the
Agent
TIIOMAS OOOWtAS.
NORTH AMERICAN
LIFE. INSURANCE COMPANY
:17aml lO Wnrrch-Bt.
M.vr V<ntK. tvt. h>..1571.
Tn tlia Policy.Holders of the Jturih Amerit-au Life
r»'*uraiic« il.tjupiru- nt i, tucar»:
\t a mating ot tin* Board of lifteciora. u-M nl the
■oMre of the Company tm the tOth of (A:t«»Wr. K'waa
UesuWot. Thai H>»» 'Company fXVnd to it* Policy-
Bolder* ■oflVrln? front lfi<* late Ur*» in Llilca#". a
credit on xhtlerl'aliclrt Art th» amount of tho pruni-
uiua. that may Lnioim* dye dnrinctfir next year. fur
flic pnrpuiki tbau ;iulk<*piin: Unir foil*
ct*a» T'l lotcy.
’ltranlmd; Tu»f IM* Cumpiny appropriate thosttni
■ofFireThouirtuil Drtjurrf'ir Pytlic late
tire In Chicago, and Hi* t.l lie Kin* nee Corn mine® be
empowered ir» aerfn the dUtTil»nti«n «r this appro*
prUlion M III*/ they OL. U. C-MOKUAb's £rC
OncaggrOffica'Rernoved'to 511 Wabash-iv.
IMPERIAL INS. CO^,
OKLUNBOS
:[&>t.-iblWm! nv\.)
CM«T C.inTAl A .UCPa'CATIOXr.-
VOJUP. t
ThMoUri.oftbU'Comniuy in-.0uJc.120 *n«
wrtrtvK they ur« prepafiidto jv\y:iV oner,, vill&eut do.
Uoctiiis the ri.eTy tlAT»*'fqfrruit;
IWlcy bolder* Uarlns chiliri* against flie 'lmperial
*n> reqofited‘to prwn: tli* »*me id
JOSEPH If. ST.VOUN, Asst.,- Manager,
fl ®di.Uicbisan»ar.V
E W;- CROWELL.
U V.SIUV. S1 VIA Uv. H
Notice to Policy HoWers.
Tartlc* oUtalJi of the bar}it.districtj lo ,i»Uaoi we
iiatc ioale Ivaß* and wliuhi poUcUa tra bold as col
lateral. arv rviiarated to call ‘upon na-ltnßmllaiely..
Tlrta-iaoMbe Qfmoat Imp-irtanr**. am laffpnomUr
of-»hfr|«<4Wra atv no fongnr ,’stoj and iljoald W
placed In Qtfdo(;bted cotap.uica at oacc,
Kartto* in lio burnt district VWaldalso 'call and
LaroßroofofJoai madts tb-ittlid tanner bo oollvctetl
a*smb at poaalW®. lIAUcD Ar’ Uft VDLRT*.
TtfSo'iitlTctnilJlr.
f of
m, ...n v n’j* i* .cb.\i
--i
Ji*>IOVEU.TO \VAIUSU-A.Y.,
SVhePtf w» are pmiTCTI to fi>f in.
*qr*o«® la
for.l Tire li<vnr«noo (Jioqpaay 0/ fl«ifofd,’.C-onn.
v >‘«rU ttili*b;oß<l Al«rc»nt}|.}>X»n.' Co;,*oM,oaJou
»t»tKJii>bnreV- ,JI -rti
ci
>hart®rp.k t-ife InsuraripeCompany.
I J AcroK; «s vVVit-AViATn'tfton.-sr..
Mulm*! 1 Life lß9urjrhcc]C©mpiKy,
,Uf iv
t o»rict:> ;l
*.£U WEST. aiAij£S<iil.sr,,
E-’J** FAUl>,,Pfe#ideu| l
•fTEWAcr SfA'Kgr. fVcrftftry. y.
j:■ Mntuil Lifd Insvrance;.Cipmpiriy.
or sew yoi:K.
Offl«e l?b TTejf \ta»Mogtiin*«t.,' 3l6pdaj t .Oet6lrcr IC.
i*:. V. a.«Vn6xHmrK.Ar»nt,
TeuluuU i-ice Mum* Co h u(;.Cleveland,
ItviL TiFFANV-±>CU«, Coimml Aronli.-Of Mfrlil.
Chicago,. j!. t
JtU parU«
th«m krtUttkfcJVttU-trlew to
<on im<|i«di*t»»MU«>ocl]t w
Imurancs.'l
astob njtciiisniuscKto. fiif jjfc\v 'xokk
1: M X! WettUoAltottat
v.V:
New YorK- L»fe,i
AT liS SUUTH SiXjiSbi'.'sT {t J
fcniij Junto** uetta.
i O. r» CUJgßAX,.>|, n>gyr
.U& ylasuro occ -,Cornp*ii>v.,
-r uriTiirrFOßDx
r \VewjiM*fttrto»oJ uyrrad»arr*lio»lDi*M: aarfkdii
on JUonJay. October -W. at 11*0111' W. SA.- tsr wit
M»iiiJoa-ia. *wrb«Ow. etci. »r»-atl i»Tfrl.
1 ATT,iJjoUXLitt CU. *UaAiiuri,'
lasuraticeJLosscs*
M.A.noaKEJtSpX.
•u prepam! fo watnre pipari ia all cue* ot .claim*
forlimir»Bt*«n+*ll cibar I gal Oißee I
«ul J, Baoth a»U.ta u,.* Ute 17
HAMLIN,
HALE
CO.
WILL BEOPCX THEIB
Wholesale Department
On the 23th October
They take pleasure in announcing that
they have secured Hie first-class five-story
building,
Nos. 29 31 South Oanal-st,
lu immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses the Rail
way Depots.
Their facilities will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete s«
heretofore.
HAMLIN,
HAT,7, CO.
Retail Department,
328 West Madison-st.,
CORNER ABERDEEN.
Tlic new and convenient store, thirty by
one hundred and twenty fcet, will be
FULLY PREPARED
For supplying the immediate wants of our
community within very-few days.
WM. A. BUTTERS- CO.,
AUCTIONEERS.
Office No.- 1401 ludlanm«AT^
;t-
WiU rename bttsinm on or before Sovembcr 1,
At N'os. 3 and 4 pearborn Park.
"Directly opposite old stand ch- 1 Randolph-*!.
C. C. Thayer Co/,
Auctioneers and. Seal Estate Afents,
No. 41 llnbbard-roart, between Statoaod W«hnu.
formerly at 137 Heerborn-M., Tribune cjluilJiur.
will, neretolurr, pay partlcnlaraitention toMle*
of re»l erlato at anettoo. and private's*!*. Will at
r»ad to safer of furniture at residence#/and to out*
(l-'ornlHur ereryitfocriptlon. L
To owner* of ml mat* In rbe-burnt district: t’.
C Thayer Co. have applications from home an-l
Eastern: vapllaliat* .'to btjy or lots* property in (he
burnt district. IMvjm, band in rvur llats.
Si WBST LAJtK-ST,
Liberal advance* made nn conal^-pmaals.
f.s Suutlw Caui»t-gt.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
train* will arrive and depart from lb*
new depot, on I*olk-Bt. Pa«r risen front tba S».utl*
St<l» can, (aka tbc train* at Tvanly-Beooad-si.. an
biitrtofore.- Paatenjmra front tb« Wait .BU* c«n
eur« ticket* and Information at tb« diw office
•onchweit' corner of Cabal arM. Madi*on-*U. AJ*o
at oen* depot on Polk-gt., and paaaaogar •tattoo
on Ttreniy*ecoml»*t.
T. E. MORSE.
Cotton I Vr>ftern- Paafebrnr Agent.
C. V. HATCH. Ventral Sopt.
Utica so K.tck I-tUndJk PaciS* .lUUrOaj pM»os.
train* wUUeaeafrwn t»«rt»r Polk awlSh-nn*n••»»-.
American Emigrant Company.
rorvljfii and Doinrellc Exchange; oeaan? ticJcaf* t.»
and from Kmvtw. ttonvral railway Utkat
.iioitirn o(dc*(39ttni hinclo-»t. ue
yRKD. NELSON. A«m»nCWew so
Chicago Harlington 1- (jutery xj
are at .VC MluMcnn.nf. 1
The Prairie State Loan Trast Co
(WEST SIDE SA VINES BAS It),
...OS' fftSt HASDOI.PB.it
lit rMUIIiO business uu 31»u<isy, 0v%., ul> .»j l-_
in «c<i«p»:uiw with a r«-»olnifiJr. »t rao-ttn>T
of t»» tionk<tm the 17th itAT. M lMatnlur
(are loatarr depositor
Whi. creOU. ami to ibixe who
tumltrr aum is rtua, amt Hi*k» «th#r i»» r
units na >wv at *.cnrUi«scau,k»*oaT«t*dJ’
v cwuiprumijw-ynli i| nu M( t M
«o be sbl» to er drr UopOaltoTla fSll
mkvxr,
The City National ita»)c
Am building a Jim-proof Tank in tbalr utw itftir*
m> ll»» northran corner ofOtlaton and w«m
to U ..ta,. and *lll rwo,u» b««lo*5 s*,
National Bank. ofllltaob/
T.C iljcbxiß-aT. ia the
wad H Weit fUrrdolpb»*t. 1
Ual.ki.i- House at C. Koll.n.fte, *-j, 011
The aborp flrai arc now r»rf,» f »t nn
open bniim-M at .ilteif olL> S'7 nt> tr>
*®cond.*t.. where they W/ff b* T, *W‘
alio tit the SMI» Instant. to or
Sprague, Warner CO.l
58 satxn CAXJt.«r.
Wo».UM.t.m cock »lito.a WM t*.
Mj sM I,.jr eb..li ot its. jii«S,V coff»
l.rtrf.-..r.ilisr. n b-.fiui.J, of 3,,.
aftlitw. .ooboiMTof Mkvsoi Wa»ofe»na.M 3m'.
r.ck.so» of fi.li, i. barrel, of syrup. Al.o rlc
Itoai otir corft.poujoau -111 rents* sromMUi.n
t|f»n.
<s B I>o-agIrAS,
j; a7 WEVT MADIW>.\ »T.. Iljf iU ciy
7 CnrciCo.
a«tln B b*. a bars®? om-in
T '‘W* «i unr old pUcc. isr? MkML,
,U«d.«ua-.t,«• «rc now jSjlI Jy ll
•>«r UciuTT. a n~w »trj largo stock »f^nSrp« ,,w “t
ntft*r ftood*of o«r owu manofttcf/n* iJfj
•at ol cuoww to.) all it, W»D*
order*, wmcli ,h-<U lura promr*a,iJ»tk^2 r4 eS,lMllr
Trotting lu that ■«cn* kin.l
.which aided ia marine tl>U<4l r u r
Chicago aholi ntoxgaio/pVu (Cl »AiiHx£T !l1I ,l t
..iU *«|V
iy*Aß.X>6ool,Aßr‘
in»ta of hinn^W
PAPER.
Wixmeßago Mills.
narini I»n milt. In operation'anil I
stock .Mtpel tuc, «Vil»lLiSrtni».il
I‘rmiinr. .o-l Willing r>pm.
d v rork n u.
A
V- From, the A>he*V
r OEii WKiT
-mm.fain nJ
S«.’cVArtuV” prn> l onr
'tvisur state ANOTicßurronr
m fJC^ ««J~SISS
V C. AUGt’STCS HATIiaSD,'
tTiiritj,
WiatMQCT.
Mm. E. Cabana,
Forawly 197 Su«Ui U«rk iafin.
ner frteud* aua customer* (Jut ab«. too* BiMd a* k. P
niulaerjr.hKUß* «c l»«r iit i'ouUMr
“wUh »o«tnlr» cnwatcck of gooitu' •■_
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale
J. cussmiiuo or: 1
t nydr*atl« B-*m iaa rump>
.9 KeUlaor. 1
1 3 Finl*hof3, J
-5 SoU Moulds 1 •n i
4C*JJ> Pfjaaiej.
4.0w lb Fairbanks Scalai.
2 Uair* UQk» Safe,
oJaTSiSar Ki con,,,l,
f>»r unnj4ddrcH, JAIIB3 DOaltti i
Tvl«do, vw< 1
1 h
DRY GOODS.
AITCTIOW SAXJBS*
W. B. Langley,
AUCTIONEEB.
BAELRO arw,
Special Nptioe.
RAHWAY.
On and After Oa!e»-
General Office*
GaocraiEs.
Groceries.
Office of

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 5 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=5 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:46Z ========

the belief work.
Heeling of the General Committee-
Prompt Action Taken.
Statement of O. C. Gibbs Su-
perintendent of the
Work.
Business at the Supply Depots***
Shelter for the Shelterless.
In pursuance of the general plan of ornaoiie**
tion laid down by the Mayor, the acrtral com*
mUtee* met at Standard 11 all on Saturday even*
lor. %nd spent tome hour* in deliberating on (he
detail! of the work. In view ot the waste of
fo'. d and clothing, and the unequal distribution
of supplies which baa been going on, from the
'unsystematited method of dealing out tbe pro*
visions. U was found necessary to take prompt
i action. Tbe committees were all represented.
General Sheridan and the Mayor were present.
Mr. Wirt Dexter presided.
The Chairman of each Commitlce made a re*
port, and tbo suggestions made in connection
with the several departments, in so far as they
bormouized with the general plan of wotk. were
adopted. It will be some days yet before a
thorough tyttem can bo in operation, hut tbo fol
lowing may be given os substantially the details
of tbe plan agreed upon:
Mr. O. C.GibbMbe Chairman of tbeo-.ramitlee
njj distribution of f .oil. clothing and fuel, made
the following statement:
-jbe etty is thoroughly districted, each district
being Placed >n ebatgr of competent Superin
tendent-. to each ot whom is committed the
responsibility of .organizing bis distract,
and of seb-cUne bts own officers
and depots of distribution. This work o|
organization if nearly complete. Tbo offices
could open tf-day. If tbe books; blanks. Ac.,
wererendr. The* are now being made in Mtl
waukre. where a inree is working on thtm nitbl
and day. and will be hero this (Monday*) even
ins. At least ten district offices will open on
Tuesday morning,’ with a foroo amply adequate
to invcstißut*, and relievo ail applicant in each’
'district. No persons will be able to obtain any
supplies from any depot under the ©on*rol ‘*f tbe
Belief and Aid Society, except in tbe district in
trhicb they reside. The system it simply an
adaptation fo tbo pnyent emergency of that
under which tbe Relief and Aid bcciety have
been working Bt tbo past lour
years. It is simple, and will bt
readily comprehended by all persons engaged in
the work, so that hut little time will be required
to enable it to work smoothly, cflfcknib nod
Intelligently. The aid and co-operation ol the.
public is oaraetUy solicited, especially in the
earlier stages of (be work. unit,
eucb time as those to _ wftom it is
entrusted become familiar with their duties.
Tbo Of good citizens have been tc
eured (a aid In organizing and carrying. on tbe
Murry Nelson, Chairman of tb* Committee
on Supplies. said bo found the depot at tbo.
riouth B,de doings large business i» receiving and
dutribatid*. OB requisition* being honored, for
aupplloa wpiob wcre g«iog l<> the churches and
*caool faou*c*wb<t3 locsl placet bad eslab
listed fur distribution. A »im Jir state of tnu.g<
existed ot tbe West S;dc Kick, under charge oi
.General Mann, At No*. W and #2 pansl street,
two large xtores, under the direction of tbu
Board f Trod«*. were receiving and distributing
supplier. Al« Randolph stmt a. Urge stare
was opened, umler direction of tbo ’“resident.of
tbo Board of Trade, for bedding and cloth
ing, At tbo corner of Green and
Fallen streets n piece was opened
/or general storage. Mr. Nelson ingested that
(bore should be a concentration of tbo work of
jecfivincr sorting, and storij g at aomo given
point, say at -the Rink for tbo West sdde, and
Tobcy i: B6otb*s fur the .South Side, tbe smaller
places tu be located hereafter. _
Mr. Pullman, of tbo Ojainitteenn Transpor
iativs. eald ho had conferred with the *varmns
railroad men. «od bod eome to an arrangement.'
which was embodied to the
colics s r
On and alter tbo loth lus'.ant. nil passes for
persons desiring to leave tue city will bf irtuoo
and signed by George M. pulhuan. Cbairmtn ot
tbo C-mroittee on Transporiati«o r Perv.ns
authorized to sign his kkpi»r at Standard Mali,
career of- Thirteenth -sueet and Michigan
or« ».ue:or byF. W»Blatoslbrd, in tbo uauicoi
r*. *i*tnan, at the eeracr of Clinton and Ful
tcmtrecli.
w... x'u.iaian also read tbo following notice,
which bad been sent tu tbe A*sooiatt-d Frees:
**Fasse| aie being by tbe Relief C-m
--cutteo to tbo utterly destitute to oil points in tbe
United States wbeiusucb persons can hud work
and shelter.
“All these passes will bereaftrr be signed by
George M. Pullman. Chairtaan, apd caunter
••goe«l by agents appointed by each of tbo rail
roads wbicb receive them here.
Roads forming part of lines leading from
Chicago ore respectfully requested to uoti y the
Chairman of tbo oomtuitUo of thoirwi liszoeai
honor aneb paiMS."
It was decided that all requisition* f<>r passes
snust bo signed by responsible oitigens. Mr.
Gibbs, in bis department, will be able to co-upr.
crate with tbe Transportation Committee.
Mr. Falrbank. of tbcCcmuiittce on Employ
ment, -announced that ail persons desir
ing employment should apply to him
at headquarters, or a place to be
designated hcryaltcr, where f|»is part of (be
work will bo thoroughly systematised. Tfar
’Woman's Home was selected as the place tor ap
plications for female employment. A statement
»f tbe places needed would bo sent to Mr. Gibbs’
distributing effic’-s.
Dr. Johnson, of tho Committee on Sick, Sani
tary. etc., reported the condition of the diflcrmt
hospitals, which was abont the lame as already
published la detail.
pad be«n received from Buffalo. Arrangements
were in progress to galhtr in the sick, and ar
range a system u! panes. Tbe Itnmoaiufe ne
•rMaitic* of the sick were not pressing, and the
amnftary condition of the city being unusually
good, there wo* no fear of epidemics.
The Chairman of tbe Committi-o on Shelter,
Mr. Avery, reported that iboir organization wa»
x’omplelcd. and tbe builders were at work:
Tt»C borr'aeks, uflwiscly located in tbe certre
xif (bo best portion of the West
riide.had been partly erected, but deemed
best to atop the wurk <>n tbu balaucc, and carry
it (a some plsho where there was more ruout and
Its* danger. TptrOwas from eight to iwelr«
blocks at vacant land, bounded on tbu south i-y
j’olks treat, and on the westtby Arblaud avenue,
wbicb would bo suitable, but tbo poincattM--
were informed that (he owucr, Mr.
Walker, would cause Hum
trouble t( they took posseselon. 'ibe portion
f the barracks already erected were lilKd in a
few minute/, the people milling to them, eager
to escape Irbm tbo crowded cnotcbcf. It was
proposed to mak n a nquitilion oo General bber*
idan fur tents, till barracks could be, c.-mpleted.
General i*biriJan sijpifltd bis intention ot
ItMioriDC zucbrvquisitinn.
|t was also, decided that tbo ooniQUlioo were
umpowered. under tbe Mayor’s order, to take
possession ofthe vacant lands mentinuod, with
out fear bf litigation.
Mr. Pullman stated that he bad received tele
gram* tromall points offering homes lor about
4CO families.
General Sheridan laid be bad telegrams from
fifty or non railroads offering facilities fur
irap'PurUtiun. dlheso ho nrou.d turn over t
Jir, Pullman.
Too j;®|uiaißocj on distribution of supplies
were instructed tn delior nothing but evoked
jiroriiieo* until £lr. Utbb«* system was -per*
lusted..
Tbo eommfUcM then adjourned,
ilejsre. Julius lio«cuti>al, u.ron K. Moore. AN
DiV«Uc. ami C. 11. s. Mtxvr. who data
been appointed upon tboc-»mtamee tor distribu*
liuo of •up'plici* of which 0. 0. Uibbs is Chair*
sao. ate rt4aciu.ll to meet at headquarter*, 4L*J
M\st Washington street, at 2 t/dock this atter-
VOOII.
At a meotiof of the c!t>* pastor. called at the
•cqoext of the Relief and All Society, lha fol
appointed a c.wuiiMao to act tu
-*4Oll with (list organisation! R-w, W.
Robert tii/d Collier* U. It. I’uwers.
W.MW, “Ji. 0
-coiiynTM-fi.
w«- receiving, storing and
rtrS».,'.i dctl,'* ;“‘tJPO„ rrquri..
imi Irom other comuiitt.c,. 'JNtJwo,
ChtlnMßi ti ted by Seu, Hardee: i.. *v 11
IvlSSit'Board of Trade; 11. M.
Alderman: AMcrman 11. F. Gill. A. W.
A. &ieh»rds. Joner, A. 2d. Bennett. V. A.
Tun/io.J.C.,WUw*». Allred Spink, becreld-y.J
«jommiUc*u,.JJorrir Si-Uoo will ba at.Uorrraop j
filorrV- rdaiond Bigbioaptbeiract bridgr. j
jfo/£i-Cemtuillee on Shelter. to provide
teuta aiid-barraoka. T. M. Averr. Chairman; T. 1
■>V. ilairey, W, B. Alderman Tb>iina<
“Wikc, West S.de; Alderman W. ii. Batcbam.,
H»*r. dir. Goodwin.
So. 3.—G-m toiler* on fctnnloymont, to provide
labor lor able-bodied applicant/. Chairman. N.
K. Fair bank, Alderman J«bo Buebler, Weir
Side: S. K. y«pl«n Alderman J. 11. McAr-y,
Sooth Hide: Her. S, T. Chamberlain, New Eng
land Choreb:-Alderman -U. A. Buatey, fiortb
Side; Ker. ilobert FaUerroo. Freibyieriao, Wait
Adame atreet:'ll r,Jef<«U. Tboraar, 'Michigan
arcane liapU«t Chore j; A. B. Uitcbcotki Seo*
retarr.
So. t-rCoomiiUe on Troninorlatloa. !d pro
vide pama lor persons. and irtirbl accommoda
tion* lor- «npp!ie». Chairman. Al.Foil
tnan. C/O. Jnaicblord, JC W.
UinrJr- >«nher nnne* tu beitMgJT
N0..5. uu KvoeHiotr and Corrrs
j>oiid«nc*. to reretva Tt*hor> ami answer all Jc
pi»«lch*« nc.d Irtter*. Oiaiinun. Wifi D*Xler.
Has.'&obwt Laird- Collier, Aid. Theodore
bcixinu.' Further oauifs to Ik* added.
Cwiatsiu«« oo Distriboti'm of Food.
CiotU&sauJ xubL 0. C. Gibbi. Sepcriattudeot
•if Relief end At-l Society, Chairman; Jquuf
lG*«nth»l, Orient. Moorr. Aid Devine, C. JI.S.
Mizrr.S. S>. Ujjyae, Utr.Mr, WVitubced, Her.
31K Paurron, Kiv. Dr. t McMul.ln. U«r. Mr.
Cadwalader, Rot. Mr. ilkmaon. --Tub' above
Committee -are n treated ttxjarerat baadquar.
tera.Nj. 405 \Ve*t WMbiAiV* atreel. at 3 o’clock
tui* p. m. O/C. bines. Chairman.
No-7.—CetnmtUee oniric*. Hoipital. aod Jw
itai7 :Mjm*ure«. Dr. H. A. Jobn*otj;Obainoan.
lie. UrncfcMeVwkftr. l)r. Reoben LaJjam Rer.
j|. K. Pow«i, X>r, Wot. W«*oer v l>r. U.M.;Ly-
SUUt.Dr. J. 11. Kauch. I*. _
Tlte YVI-coiUu atul 1
Wn.TTAfKtc.oet.ls.—l»atcr accounts from Nor*
them \Vi»conßUr’ooafitm aU previous reports
mad majors that tbe.ioss of Ufa In the neigh
borhood of the burned rOUgo-of Pcsbtigo>*tll j
reach over 1.200. and 13 percent of those injured
eaonot recover. The fire tornado was heard
a distance Uko the mvies of the ««a;>balli}o(
fire were hoo observed to fall like meteors
iu different pirts of the t«*wn, igniting. whatever
they tnocoed.' People ruslud with their ebildrpa
in their arms fnr a place of safety, but the storm
«if fire wax-npon tbom and' enveptpeJ them* lit
flames, smoke,.ixirping-sarui and «lnd«*rs, and,
those unaWcieTeaeb'tbO-rnrcr v ir‘ete *uff catedj
and roasted alive. Tbl* terrible stwne happened
<jo Honday night. tba OclOocr. clready
sasde the Chicago horror. A mcflibftr
uf 'ibe tUUef ComoilUcd' sent. fcoat '3W
wrsnkea -with supplies lips* the only
worvivors were those who wore" •forlucata
y<*acb the water, mapy throwing, them*
_#elvrs slnto the millpond/ **»dclinging
to floating log A number of tbtso were
drowned by being thrown tram the logs by road*
4»nod boms and cattle that rushed into the
water. Tba fierce cyclone twepi over a tract.ol
ajoontTT 8 or 10 miles wide. Every buildtag.
*nd all thetimber were licked op dean by the
tongue of fire. The town cl postitigo numbered
3,100. one-third of whom perished in that fearful
night. Reports from the cast shore of Green
sUy place ll»o ioe* of kite fully as high as at
mine account states that the
IPmrfltafn wpall ot the people are supplied,
hot large aponunts of provisions ud clotoiag
Yttjl be rtnnitgd for the coming winter.
Wafer Xudioftorij of Milwaukee, publishes
the following appeal for sid;
The calamities that hare befallen our State I
wod some of nnr'neighboring Slates ore truly I
wppalling. OverlcJtO men. woinm, and children 1
hawe beon burned to death In Wisconsin alone; 1
their booses and farms are lo t large- extent Srt
terlf 'destroyed, the vrry soil haring burned up
Mttd destroyed al) their autumn and root crops.
They am niterly destitote. and will require toll
support ai'iesst till another season. Berea c«»uo*
lira in our own State are thus in grealpariut
letlr desolated.' "Whole regions ot country in
Wcsttni Wicblfia are
and these fires are still raging and
oestroyiog. Milwaukee is doing, all shn can
do. By bcr close neighborhood to Chicago rhe
was enabled to srod large Quantities of sup*
yllcf ifitp lUf dorlcf <he profrew of
re,, lecdmr her fireman and oxbauited cilia m.
Vast numbers of Chicago iur«rcr< aro now Gli
our iinotejand public building*, and wv aro
now mlnUtpilnir to ihdr necuitic*. We hare
tuuplud hundred* «>l tons of proviMnnt
*mi doihlog Mil,, »ior.« *nd other
atUCUt lo Cbte»«o. To Northern
Wuo.niln. mJ to tM>tcrn Mlchl*an
dome our uunoat, ;bot,ih« amountoi
io out own ht»Ui*hef«Bdourpo««r
J J We M lri?l* he'\V J P 9* l, public for
itfl- Wll1 <r dapenur* of »op
ffiSeew- 10 \r^°5 ercrj *9-, and
M.wtem ilicblfau,- \ie hare made
orcry ntccajory arrangement io. ieeomMUb
economy.nod envet.* All
*n n \T nf> m#y ,pnt 10 Alex*
coder Mltcbtll, bank. r» and alt contribution*
of food, clothing, badding. and other Decenary
fUppUetma*ba dltecltdio Merman Lndin*-
too. flavor.'
g**® HaUktaoit Xvpixcro*, Mayor.
KtlioiT. Mich.. Oct.H.—Teleferaph office at
IDe wiiowlac'idaceihaT* bem burned: Korfeit
'nUe, Wbiu Rock. Rock fall*. Sand Reach,
rort Hope. Huron City, port Au«tio. and Pori
Orcfceot. 'iTelejrrapbU communication ha* alto
been interrupted with the following point*: An
bable, Eut Taws*. Tawa* City- ana Alaba* tor.
Telegrams will b* forwarded daily, at douo. by
boat from Bay City.
Meeting of Xsiaurauce Agents.
All officer* or authorised adjusting agents of
Insurance companies who are disposed to eon*
eider the necessity of some concert of action,
and t'i consult as to the method and order of
cresting the large loss-s. are respectfully iuvit
ed (o meet at No. 30 West Hindis <n street, sec
wnd floor, at half past 2 t*. tu., on Monday. This
irritatixO is not directed to clJimants. or to
persona not authorized to adjust. Tltis call
will be banded round fur more signatures in the
morning. Franklin, of Philadelphia, Coffin A
Kcllosff. tieuvral Agents; Underwriters' Agent?'
S. V.. D. K. llosmtr. Assistant (jenerat Agent-
Fluent*. of Brooklyn. JL is. Criteh*-H, .A ljuster
U. E. Hoauta. Asst. Ocn, Agt. Underwriters'
Ateucy.
I»ax. M. Botrnan, Sec’y Mol. Sec. Ins. Co.
ITLJU XHUUT IKSUB&NCK.
A meeting of the officer* of the flermania.
Hanover, Niagara, ami itcpuhlio Insurance
Coupaoics. comprising the Undertakers’ Agen
cy. was he doo (be lath. They say it *U tueir
risks tu the burned district#, proto
a total loss they pay tdIUUOO and
collect from good auund eumpanua iurvintur
enco $'AM*OO. The companies stand prepared to
meet tbuir.ivspcctivß payments immediately on
odjasimcni of claims, am) they trill expedite ad
justments; The condition of the companies
after full settlement, m 1 show upwards oi halt
a million ot surplus.
—Tbo Manbattcn (N. V.) Inssraneo Company
has resolved to suspend business, lit losses err
stated at SIdU3,WO. Xbo company has a large
surolus besides its cauUaUaam it is not expected
that there witlhe any Joss t> the assured. Tb.
President of (be Ktoi-iro Company, which wa
r pined yestxrdsj to bavu Io.V ?30J,00j, staus
tmt it sustained no loss. i
—The Commercial :ioraranee Company cl
Caicagu have lost |4.V).00U. They have been put
into the bands of a K cciver, bntwl 1 pay every
dollar.subscribe hew capital and good. Their
office is at No. 43 Cana) street.
—lbo lojtn sl.thn Uume Insurance Company,
of rw k »rk, were yesteiij >y reported at fl.Wj.-
nou. Tbaggiblaaks tuiny arc but SiohO.WW. and
that thu company will pay and contiane busi*
uess withoutinierraptloo.
—The Ulobe insurance JA)mpany’fßri?d oil its
books, valaublo* papcri, etc., in its firc-proo:
:ale. c.l:Vl r..’
lllffitus Of
Proceedings of a meeting of tbe Judge* of tbe
court* ul record of tho Slale of Illinois within
tbe.County of Cook, held at the bouse ot Judge
FarwcU. one.of the Judges ot tbo Circuit Court
of said county, on tbe .ISth- inst... all of said
Judges being present. It wa* moved -and ear
ned that Judge Williams beTbalrmau of srid
toeetirg. and that -Judge Gary be. Secretary
tbero-f. and thereupon (befollowing rcjalution*
woread-ptrdr
tbaisdusests of tha county re
quire that t*mporai7;huifdings which maybe
occupied by thaibamsuul other county officer)
for two or throe years,, bo.at once creeled upon
the Court Ilon/o squkre.id bb‘ occupl d by ibe
courts and other county officers ai sduc as pt.*-
s ble—or if the crtclion ol such temporary-build
ings on (be C*»urt House squqr* will' iat'rfcn
with tbe erpjniop of a ptfragneot »tryeidro there,
then »uuh tvnip. pary becfccTpiF ip the
im'Uftdiate Vieisity thereof,
itnufoeU, That'we rccmomoDd- (bat tbs High
ach-ol be used temporarily'for tho ooiirli and
cvuwiy porpoter? thereby saving ■tO"tbe'county
all exp- nsa forrouk*«f public buildings until the
county is trnfvldttt Witinri own.
AmeetlarorthaharortbSscUy wUI-bo held
this a/tcruocn at Velock at tbo High l School
building.
The Old Trilmnc Building.
Two aUaebes of.this paper yesterday rUked
their neck* in a piigtia&sujo the city editor’s
room in Tns Tbibuxe building. Tbs Dearborn
street entrance I* impaiiabte, while tbo Madison
strool stone atalrs.are cracked and broken. The
floor* and stairways are apparently unbfitaed.
though loaded with Uie dsnria of rite niof and
(alien wall*. ()n tbs lpj»’f|oor, whlph.wju wu-.
pied by tbo cqittnr|«r‘and compoflot-rooms*,
thars Is from three to; -four fact nj
briek, plaster, and ashes.' below which are th< 3
possible relies for wbicb'the two, adventurers
wers sseking. B«yood a marble oruament at-
to tbs ffiantel. nothing could be found;
Tbe visw froiu tbo local riioor windowi has
materially altered since tbs reporters Inst
stood Ihcra. and mads up their minds that It wav
of do.use to OiintioDe writing. 'There are very
(Vw buildings in,this city wfalch'would pOrbilt of
view from their- toii-itory -window 10-Ja>\
after -passing tbroogn the fiery experience*
which 'Trnr-TarßP.vß Tmlldieg so long *ub
milted t®.
Delegation flrotu Canada.
A delegation from (be Relief Committee of
Hamilton. Ontario, arrived <o Cbietgo al noon
Suuday, aadwiU htva tbolr headquarters iu No.
10 drawing room car; in tbe Michigan Central
Railway yard.'aotil-Monday night or Tuesday.
Tbs deputation consist* of Andrew Rinny, Sec
retary and Treasurer: William Muir. Geo. K.
Tuckctt. and John B. Bagwell.
Hon. F. N. Blake. United States C nsol for
Hamilton (formerly of Cbicsio)Bceo(nt>aoteii the
dsl< gallon, by request, to five bis advice and as
sistant:''; sl9n. PavJd,McCulloch, ofths Aprcfa
tuf, and John King, of tbo 7Vi«r«.
i'/.ftSONAU
Mrs, 3f«rgartl.A. E. May, of Chicago, if still
alive, witl pltua /sport at-tU? above piece. Any
at bsr friends knowing her whereaeouts will
cunlcr afayor byjinforiuiug bur.' 1
Tlie .State Board of J-lqnallutloii.
At a meeting of (be Illinois Ruts Board oi
Equalisation, Uctobor lb, tbe loHowing resolu
tion was adopted:
JUatrfcrtL Totl *D aasciimnDt of Cook Conn’
ty was taMO«l a lime whoa all were prosperous,
and e.»ld assessment bai hc«u presented to this
Board, and fiudinr that we bare n« power to
grant such relief thereto aa the emergency of
(he case may demand, aud that such relief
must be granted by legislative enactment. it ut
ill, «6 therefore respectfully ask the Legislature
(u enact simji lam.as ahull, produce equity and
relieve the Guforlonate cttitefei of Chicago from
being taxed upon the luillioui of properly ot
wbicj they bare bcon so suddenly deprived.
Post' Office llellcf.
Gtofgo'S, Barues. Superintendent of the spa*
cinlagootiof the* Post Odica Department, re~
oeivod on yesterday 81.400 from postmaster
General d. A. J. Crwwell.as a donation (o the
s.uflerers in tbo Post, pjice io.this*jily hy the
Ute, fire. Other do£.atUna bare been made
in profusion by the Post Office employe?
In other citiea.'*b£\be wit' form a grate
ful and timely contribution tj many taitbful but
destitute public servants*
3(o»cr arid JCrtMlucc.jiiu-kc(*»
&W Vot*» Oot. JL—tfooerfirsi etT-per coot.
Governments doll end sternly; State bonds dull
«n.l «e«]si (oU. steady; Western Uni"n ss!a:
Ad-imi hxpreai 81; Writs Fargo 43; American
Uol;eJ SisfesSOj New Y«rk Central. 87
Serin, eJ31 Uf»e,‘‘273-<i Rid. ss: Heading. lUX'-b:
Mich lean CeoifaJ, Hi; Union r.iorfio abKK.
21JX; Lake Sh»r*, Ul 3*B; i irtJtp* CeJ>tr*V V'A:
i'lttfburg. 1121$; >'urtbw«*lecn. I’W. SJ.’J;
Cleveland aud C'olotaqur, .St; IVek 1 l&laud.
y"5 b: st. Paul. pW"J; Wabash.-55: pfd
7d; Fort Hand 1 30; pfd 50;
Chicaro and p‘4 |HSV Ouig and
1 MirHsitppi. 37: Indiana Central, IT 3*S; Bur
huetitn nod Quincy IS); Hannibal and St. Joess.
<Jc’. 14.—Floor and Grain uu
chaitct&ff family dour C.*sgssßJ. r»d wheal
L4th3l-43| cam ear,; M 335 tbelloas «mts -MCf-lO:
waiuUr'ltrobc at M-»rktog fIU nrdTUinns uttiei
and dulK«» demand.
«d; p»rk held atU 35; lard’ tor new and
old: atid sides:
fhoulderi, clear rib.
Toiatkj. O-aV U.—Pluut quUtt dull,
downward tendency: N 2aO>t» Wabash l.si.
Nd;J wbUn amber UUh. US: corn
st«ady;kigh mixed a0t.10w.53: ytil«»w oats
inactive, viu lutee? freights eaater’.Q&Wt to Buf
-11012 woewero;.
f siwkft.
Satcbdav Evicvi.vo, Oct. 14.
Cakookb—TK« market for cargoes io-day war
exceedingly dull, otting io_ uaiiTorabh
ahdpHeesiVafcd IVcTmuV as noitd th'our report
of y< steniur.--4_*awed -sbiaglcs-ail-'M were ib
apliro range u
wcrfi.ttnabla to
Jearu oj ir«Quat)«&3. ,j _.
ac.irt tm>wmtot otf *dtT accnun; anil priori for
all grades rule c hither. Tboiiquirr i
for common grader, thcstocksof wc.icb
are badly broken up. Ch. ic«. descriptions are
1 onty in ta>r eai>ply. -Lhlh and shtn|(es contlnoi
iiu good request-A saved abijnclea.oD track met
wliVan aßnre loijlilry al f3,50 per I.OW.
•AVe.r*nri*a ouriTK* l»si as hjtjoirtt.
FImI c car. 1 Inch to 4 toco fitoD-W
ttct> Qftcleai.llucbSodiflth.v.U-V..' dT.wM’W#
Third clear, 1 JpcU... 30.00^3JJ»
nr«tr ndfeeondcWai flooring, tngvth- w
m, xcugh <R4OAt
Flfit cndVecond clear siding, together.' SSXDfc&UO
Common siding foaiA)
fommon flooring, dressed, first Q>3s.oi)
Common floorin',dmwd. wcond So.OO&.-.’T.OO
M'agun-boX hoaifla,Klvctcd, J(i inches
am nplnlrda:.,.■... mf r mfn
A stock boards...,.-.,.... 30.00fra5.0J
B Block boards. as.txjtftid.ou
i Common boards, Joimi. tuoUltur,
♦mail Umber, >Ac.j Id feet and nnderr IT.O^fSJX)
Joists andscantUng' fl’ct. !oo
JUckcia. gquaxc—— .V itilitfflrJQ
Flckuts. flat v *av v-vs-st*.- fris.OU
Clear ports. td.'XHTMd.oo
.Clear poete, round.. 20 ou&dioo
Lath n.ixi
Sawed hblaglcc, Nd/t..;..
Saucd nUinglca. Aorvttr.,;...,
jitxcMuicut pf T»xe»,
To the Editor ol T Chleafco Tribune;
In cotjfidinnf'ihe the Asiefr
idrtjt pf-Xak®. 4 f»r tHi dt f of, CMcago,lt would
lu w*IIA9 k««bia
me r«»f*6*»t<rto of the eiljr, tbat of IboTTeit JJit
ftiou i 6 partvtauy.il** »r<a«fy increased in value,
and ia'utany cues o«p>rr of. frt>P*nF. ,rt Tt
calvibg wbtt rtrf much h excess of what t*soy
rcodvod *1*11? filSO l-MT-OOll« Own
ers ulsueb t JJ
liTpiy id3iUo>ul tax ct »Dd iboela bo taxed t«
make up to some ox.c&.'utb£ deficiency caused
ty-Ute redaction or yiJii t not taxes is the
Burnt E-smct." '■-.''.'2 R. T. M.
Chicago. Oou 11. 15711"
What Governor Palmer WUI Itceom*
mend.'
Sptclal ttopattb ttClba Chicago Tribua*.
Spbingkield. 111., Oct, 13.—Tuo Ou.y*raor, in
him Mjcii. io>murro»..mil,, take the- ground
ibat oadortfae prvtoor'uxttaoiMloary ‘cirram
slaaors tbo Stale Sttohld reload to Culcagu tne
uiuaay expended in doaneniax tbo canal,
amwrtdllhr lb ho*rl?s3.W 5,0 ft, 1
i Pnbi Wttiborgit.
On oeostffimicnt of relief
supplies arrived front ItUtahurgh, eonsUtlof of
£v« oardbada-bystav«r k latfd l|oird. «P ‘gun*
«{al supplies, io-«b*rxo cl.C«ptaut- J. U.. Oil),
eotulsikr'of,w*inea and children's -cMfaibg,
b ots anu ihbt£* breadstuff* .candle* andsoap—
all cooilgDcd to Hit {’iUiharffi Relief Cvutnit-
to the order of tho Chicago ReJlflf
bocjcty. Tho I’ltUburflV Ksliet Coioinilte-’i
beadqoartar'* nro at tbe new Sherman Hutu*.
The I'hicsifo K Hel S *ou)ty have. Idecmiibe-l (d
the Mayor i’ittfburah to b«v«adap<tujrrap'
pile* e>tab|i«b«d tbar*. to drew on M oeee*»ity
may be. Imtcad Of forwarding everything her*
at one©
TOADrrItTJSKBS.
To order to make room for the current new
and important announcement*, ir« bam beck
compelled to leave out of to-day’* isioe between
seven and eight damn* of new adrertiie'mfalrl
We hoperto fiod 'f>aee Teg* tbVm la laesdag**
Tbibcxk. no*.
—Tbe Barnes .Ilonas, corner of Randolph and
Jp*°V one o| the most comtqodlutt*!
hotel-• *«i the eitr, and (it proprietor! bsv* «Ra*
lh f generosity is tbe reSePel
aufisrer*. in addition toprdviding-f.)f tbe UavqL
Business cards.
Hart, Asten A Co.,
Bag Manufactory,
Nor. 5 7 West Madlsun-st.,
Are rroiting mod*. and tavdv for’lmdnass.
Reid, Murdc ok t r
would respectfully inform theirciid timers that they,
will bo fully prepsrcJ to supply .tin wsutaortU*-
V»U.«s eooa‘a« they can obtain suitablemad
•W.trr. Tlicir books are iut-ct, an t iUtetnenls ot
account will bo forwarded. Iu the meantime, (be*
tequsel toe rcislttiiics of all Inltocti duo, a?, owing
to the «liixilnqn effect of the tale calareily'upou
lintkcial affairs here, they aro outif-Iy dryoudeui
•or funds upon their friends in the country, nod
hop) they will respond promptly. wiilbv
allowed upon alLbiUs paid before maturity. l»j not
vend drafts, but remit currency by .express.
Clt(CA<«o, OcU>Wr U. »67t.
PL airway Supplies.
ORERAB, ADAMS CO.,
HAVE JIEHOVCD
Tl/Elttumcc
To 64 South Jefferson-st
ATTENTION DRUQGISTSP
H. P. SWTPT .BRO.,
uo^woknwAß&ai'i,-
UL’fIUXT, HKJII.,
'yj|rtj«*alo,rrn«i*T« .vid PjluU. Oil,.
I IHklhiv, Hpon.oi, OneinioU.
PritesUte U)u*«4rß,>te ate., ar, prepared to till
orders «t Inve.c cash r«tej.
bviid fwr quotations before parchwlryf ejicwbere.
r vV it. v. aiivt a pao.'l
)Cyru». P., Thomas,
‘.ARCHITECT
Of the lain Alnckia block.
OgPlllA 4.1H WABtSli-AT.
Office of
BIGOS, NPRXCKB A CO.,
VCTLKBY ANU OCN?.
XOiJii .Ay,abatiU-av.
We thank our frimd<mtrtn*Vr prompt r<*mittsuco*
•nolnsk our customers tu iorward na wliat lund.
tli*y can N. V. Kx., P. O. nr l»y Kxpro*,.
H. P. Mernil Qp-
(lave opened their «mdtAtosi'Kn.di*on.*t.
wli«-n» they will Ik> plvanrJ jo’ it,e| r frionds
pitjoßS.aod receivelAairorihriVav uitta!. for&ock.
ery, Ulanwanr. ±c. ;M> khanVwlo'WJh of
full stock of Qumig»afo troni Sbair.Tow
ell A RUhop. and oibe^ r JU>d *£*U (is prsjanvd to
aril on Uforable Irnu* hrrctofbro. Wstiope
i bat those iodfblvd *»o uswiU piodiptlriisroDj in
this our hour of nwed,.
Stettauers Wineman
Itcipectfully abnoQoce (he cnmmcncemsnt oTa’tcm
porary tiniMing on .tbo
gau-av. and Muuroe-01., which in
about two wrekr, when \ve. shall bo preimrrd to to
«*lff 0«r cqitpmo.U qad to fill al( with oar
'ususl stock. In Ilio ptficut rtuergi-uey ws
-avail’,gt*tul'allr aatweeiale reSßlttanotk' trotrf |hi>sr
Indebted tout, either New Yprk^xcbsryfss^enr
rtacr,r by mail or AJU' comiaßufcaiioo,
should te hddtesvcii to our'proscul office.
49i Minno.vs-Av
Story King, Attorneys,
JvO. l WEST JIANDOLUU.SX.-
To OurCfletiTs: All titles, deedsd ab
«tr«cn, isoordij and v*ltt4Ui« p;ip. ri with us art
safe. Ms batr a cumplete record of all proc4ntinc»
in evrrr c<«se in rour* In whii h ritlicr of us hav been
for TKN Th.UtS LAST I*AST. Office No.
West llatidulpb-st. (Miner T. Alum A I'o.; i
STUUY A KI?\G.
October 12. 1571.
While Our Entire Stock of Cocas
I
On Hirer St. was daitroyW by.tbs late flre.lonr
waxobousa- ifOc ;oPtT iiirord. j We
have sreuri-d a spacious stoic aud warehouse) nt .'Ol
Somh Csnal-st., near Twelttli-st.. where vv. hate a
full supply of stoiieware.’aml in a few days will blso
have a fntl supply o» crockery, gUsswaro, Ac.i at
whoteesh*. as heteVofuTe.'ahrTc we Invite our nmier
oils patrolib oud fi(rads ta call.
JOBNaiON A &nOUY.
Chicago, oot. it, is;r.
Notice.
SWAKTfIOtT. KENT 4 CO., JUUDKUS .OF
CI.UTHIS/J, SYUACLSE. U. V..
An* prrpalwd to (ill all order* for CUdhtag. at thsit
Syracuse. N. V., house. -Thatr assuls will rule the
Western traJ» at mice with samph-s.
Perkins, Stern 4 Co.'s
Office fur (he pmttt wilt he at VV«huh*a».
Ik-inK among llm ►ulTrrors of Ui« Ule tire, n* earn*
vatly solicit the aid ot ad pvtioua iii'lcUled lu n*
nrn.l us currency or dra-U uu New York, which will
be ihankiullr ii’prlvml.'" All orders lor CALIKOK
.\IA WINK*. UKAMIIt', AC.,; •cot to ui will U
promptly lilted lrviQOiify>«w lurk’h«ii*e until our
new stuck arrive*. 'Thanking unf /lirnds.tor pan
fjvor*, sod •oliciting a continuance«/ iteir pa.
trunac*, hitnaio, tvejwuttndy,’ 'PKtfKlpp,
STEUS i fO.
iIKSJ. UItBOK. Agent. 5W Wahaeh.at.
Wm. D. Kerfool’s
nr..vi.
Is at (he old place.
89 EAbT Washington-st.
Ileuses for sate mid r.-nl in all parts of tlie city.
City and County SUr»o»yr, Notary Public. Iletean*
stamps, and (aUKrtmt atapsaVwy office.
Information regardiut projw-ny In the burnt dl».
trlct airm t»y t-»n'-r»r Id p««r«ori.
Only Wholesalft Boot and Shoe
Üb'lSE -NOT BURNED OUT AT LATE FiKE.
G. S. niCITARDHOX A CO., minofaetureri tod
jobbers of boots Aid iboes, M Wait JUudolph-*!.'
hare «lill Urfcetofk, which Uj*r *ff»r It the old
prices, 1
Wahl Brothers
Are happr to inform- their friend*' UuC tKboQSb
their «Qce «od etAns were their
woiki ar* intact,and that ib«t still have complete
stock of CLI'U oiL. Attd-eropre.
pared to fill ill orders n tiitul,' Glßce end *JJr«s»
•t present it tMrtjlqs Wdrtl v
FurhitureT Furniture 11
ATotD rsiuEA
JOHN: MOSZGL, 481 State-*t.
A Ut<« M«oila»ut of Parbi*, Ctuasber, Md;Uam
moo Pumhuir/Vn^’icnaf variety of jUffice L>esk s
and TaUeiaM-lUtjd,' aitfV Terse ffpptf telrgrapbeu
or and itmint dalle.
LX K, ilowen ds sqn
Heal Kibti a*< D«u«p£rmU; wfU i* found at
ti C*utt«.ftT., Mar yiadiwcvlt; AVaHt <alt uwiverc
who will r«ot cheap to tare •lr*cnr4ioo a£ ;ono*> V>
liaro Immlriula of aprlicu.lt lor theap Uw«4liina.,
X.. Rurln^cli,
A£eut for Lmu ob inifworad urmain IlUnolf,
’aiAVa*t DantW'rh'wt.
«uud,\ sbrtQi» >ctHi»
rnODU«tt>MMIJSIO>‘MEBCUAS«,
UT'U'crt W««)iiitfiUfr>au
Could, Drijfn ß Cu»*
ii and c sot’Tn'CANaL-jrr.
Officrjit pw-rniy* <U \Va»hj»«fai>«»f.
J. IrA'VNBCOKKft.
X: VV«i umt C«n»l.
Cnali p«ld &r pM (JIU. SUvrr.>W»tcft««. J«weJry,
Dry
The Office
or ricnißDs. (.koubacuk i siuw
U toßipNvlll RtSU WaWfb*ftT. ‘Will iy*am»bMl*
Unt a* ap««4]il]r po.*iUlr, 111 IRuV OUC CUIO
Ui *ruj iclUltUltC.* of fcfaJK***
»nxl ate.y in up^i»l.u«ya v o»f a^*T*
i.aa<t its
3.73©. V&J
'''‘'tarrabc*<fc ,r.
JUUWkAUi;’
BtoOtixl (o UUhlm
«ltn>ara our trio*) ■••orttarol In a’PmtUja.Wo
•uliolt txiitn (ur aafihlng lu nr lln« oi*
caw omes, _
Farrington, llretrster Co*
Wo aball op»a bo Mkbl*aV»v,‘. D «-ar Ilubtanl
court, and Iw ready toabtpfoyUs Uv« per ccatporan'
•tors 111 aU»Ut let* dabs. OUruAco Ur.Uo proowitU
■«X 635 Indta*is*aT. 1
FARRIKOTO.V. Jk CQi.
Co.,
UU(.E6iIE iUIIOUSBV,.
will bo at 49 West Uamlolpb and rodimobntlaeM'ta
a l»» day. -___
T*. jiiitajt* ‘jivipplu'*
Jl/isttUfiß,
W„\Ttal ’Uadiaotwt.
Parlor, p'awWr,and. Ufitrs Fnraiturr.
Dr* P. Ci iluts.
J octfc«rr’'-
To ilieOoantr Hospital.
Offices t-tt-Übst ooeihvest corner pi
CUutou; 0 to IT a. tn.;atul's to o s>.
At ilia
t*Olu;, 2 to 3f. pi,
BUSINESS CARPS.
I>i« G, Uo^uc.
Office and rmidaocaV'ur klondAy. October ICO* will
l» st Ni>. 3:1 W<-it KuttroC'il,
1 “MoujjrrV
LMl&gav
i Mv«: 'WAiMu"‘oa-#t!
P. R. X. Hardesbcr^h*
LEATHER -AttgpfcjfrsjpfSQS,
-Aft? ft«4vL*k*-<t., Chicago.
A-full Stock •fgMVEoodt.- v ..j\*
Removal, a
i CV6II °V r Sl Mid Oui. Verghn.
v*l.sol lor H.tarla and W urtetiibutg. now si tit
■UotUfe Grovs-fV. I. i.*2 i. i
Removal.
SAMPSOXi
7 ali’ ~f>ru o, i Renti qit Keener, IsU lirtam
«aßiE‘,B Hi***«**• ,M *-sHalls.iP..7* now located at
3,5 To-rrOf. Inert. office*.
r in part* of theehy;
Millers Fipst Lewis,
I 'CAIi’YEIW,
i 353 iliebigan-ar.
Chicago and mißiington Coal Co.*s(
Offire r-mored West TwulflU-ir.
Sccbcrger At Brcakcy
Cun'iunatbe wbUristb UABbWAILIi boitDeai st
10 an»l t; tt'ea( Ran.litp' .it.
Culver, Page, Hoyne Co.,
It. C, sad 13 Kttftii Detplsinei**!.,
Jon Gro*a Lead Pencil*. Blank Doolt J, EnV<;t<tp>i, am]
Gsavrsl HUUotwy rocftfod ,fcatiir.Url‘ ■lu.m «x«
peeled io.Jay. Ilallns macUineymmUigr^
■ri Williira tiltla and Ctf.,
I OKXEBAL COMMIisIO’;. 1
r n\f rmnnia.! Un«lnM« at 421 Wiyt |Uuulnlph*»t,
H. N. Hibbard,
nCGWTBB INBXNKUIirTCY.
HarrUonut,, near Wahath.ar.
mr.uuiD, r.icu x noble, lnwtm*.
4*l l!arri*ntk.«r., and 3'. and 37 (.’anal il.
J. 9. Tbompsou A Co*
vtu bo.'k'rmsneatlv located. wfUi a compute offler.
and ready to fill ordTs for all kind* »f prlntius. in a
brluce.' r
Franklin Deniaon,
-Atiorovy at Law,
IVoalJ inform his clients and.rfrifadi, that he ha*
two pencil hi* office atjluooi* .‘>£4, rui \V.Sl*Ue>m-*l
F. O. Cossilt St Co.,
W HOLESALE GROCER^,
M*y U Wvdat 45 DARK AVcilK. until their
new Lnildiaft ea Mlchlgma-ar., corner of Mourua-
•1., U ready lo'occupy.
Scs»i* now arrN Jtif truui Nnr York. R-ene Tea*
on hsud v fiuJ expect to.boready, to fill all order* by
th» tMh nf Ocfnl*erl
Atlonr depositor* will p«U ia full at
calling at Oot Hutfit'., and money advatio 4 uu col
lateral* or account* in saving* hank*; alto. uu' nC
vout iuaurauee cutapmv** poiich*.
JAMES IMS.mi 4 CO.
Formerly at ill tVashiuctoh-aL.
Giles, Brother i Co,
Haw opened at lM TVmir i.coatl.il., near xtat*
witli a lull tin* ff good*. Orders promptly nttvd*
With many fin* gooda *avad aud through their New
Turk and Parisian Imu«e« liter can offer mil thei
former iuJiicomeaU to purchasers. r
J. I*. ftl’U IV.
Delphi. loL
Dugan, tjso A Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS, CuandS Wen Jl.tli-
C«*h advanced on consignment. Drier* solicited
r >r purcha*- «.r of gr»tu.pforliloii*, *tp.
Chicago Cutlery Manufacturing Co.
J OHcemnd Factory, if? to isf Matlnr-it.
Our factory was not burned; wilt i-ll cniterr at oIJ
BUHL. Secretary,
D. a Trimble, M. 0.,
Southeaat c*r. Mlchlgan-ar. and Twenty.«ocoml. ft
Geo. ScoviUe,
l w on jck,
KO. 3U CLINTON.ST.
W.T. Bold Co.,
PIANO fOBTK JdANUFACTL-REIW.
Ud Wi»t iladbou-*t.
Repairing and luning a fp^ciolty.
Lnnt, Preiton X Kean,
MASONIC BUILDING.
Fsirurr llabted aird Kandolph.flt..
OPEN FOR BUSINESS ON MONDAY
Geo! M. How Co.
Haw# ■•retir'd their bnolt and pape-m in perfect
order, end arc prepared tu atirnd. with their tuusl
prmaptßM*. 1» all comlgnnieni# andurdera. Thry
may lw found at I*3 Wnt MaiJUon at !!>>oni 7 until
thvlr n»w uffic*. 4S South Oanal-It Is compUlad,
Dr. JuUen S. Shermtn,
3ia btate-ft., near llarrlaon. Office hour
Jamee B. Storey Co., j.
ini Sontla Cllnloii'ft,, Will bn** or loan tnoner on
wauhae. diamonda, Jewelry/foliJ ailrer warr..and
other eulUterala.' i,"
Lazarus Silverman Co. f
Bittkcr*. liaro rrmhsM their hank t.* No.* h3
Wabavh-ar., where th-y aie re.uly to continue their
biuiuraa a» lurclof.ir*-
.LAZARUS MLVKRMAN C’b.
Kenly Jenkins,
Oil* of t»fUI *>rJent nt
iuu«l. M.*tU>a vU *Uotr tjtiur#*.. Oflice St North
C. W. Perkins E. It. Roger*,.,
BANKING OFTICR. 1
Sweet, Dempder Co.,
tre alive. arxl r»c«l*lnh'ffuot]f at llieir i|»w
*Wt«. if »tf J W Wri; Wetliingtou at. Will l<*Bie>
MM bj (be SUtliirtft, to uQvr to lit* ir.il.a tullaa.
loriaient of >i«U.,ca>. hi t, cloves, mitten*, elc.|
HelmerdlnflVr Rorsheim, j
LUATUKIt AND FISDIMW,
140 Twenty-thlrilft.
Dent Black, Lawyers,
Mr. DENT, at bis Uoqsa,
43SOUTH tjIIELDOS-bT,. after 4 p a.
Merriam Alexander,
LAWTEBf*.
Olfic* U9 W*ft WaihUigt on Moo<l*f, litli
J. T. RawlaiQh Co M
IT LOOK AND TEED.
CoroerofGreou and Wait Monroe-su. Will be ready
i» a few daft. i
Ulrich Bond,
Heal R«la(e Dealer*, renpea«d .iffite'Vt VlW'abaJi
»v. W|H W happy Hi a**t«t all old friend*and pattoti*
•rrtr war In our pnrer. Uousaa-'at Hyde Park.
Oakland, and lu city to dUpMe of.
It. A. ILKiril.
,t> w»i. a. iiund:
Office of P. b’Neill,
Importer and dealer in Wines, moora.'snd Cigars,
•JA East H*rriv>«n.tt.. corner Third-a*. A foil tin*
<>f Wine*. I.iijuora, and tlgars .i.ow on ha**d and an
route from Hie East. Order* received and prompt*
>ttend«-d in.
11. W« Hogtr*, Jr., 6i Dro.*
dlare thalr oCceierDWTarliy at BoOD NtC 4, JO Wtet"
R*mtolph-»l.. np *t*)r*.
w. j. vr d m
Card and Semi Engrarer. WH Slain-*!.
Rejnolda dk Rlchber^,
Tiaw'D(lcrr. karine;Trote»Unr, etc.. Notary Fob*
■He, Moww. *vleta4> BtoaV. mt .Xaadoiah «n l
Marlrt-el*. rtp<r*, doronroli, i*d tlbra,, »«*W.-
ln«oraßre claißM aiijnaUd-
i*-
D.«ton MLLLKU A KECK,
H»iu(rt>rathlc Fhy.lcUn*,
Formerly flout iwArtrapuUtma Bmk« may be found
at No. M S»Uth Elixatrlli-rt. uear AUdiawa-at,
iimmin* mu,
So,.S‘jXULTgJ»St.
Corner fan u tt«tt*l oa.
J*end»y. mntnluß. tktobet U,’^Tf.
uab’d woo'd luublr',’
Hi
V«BX h *C6,i
BCIDGK AND CA&--BEILDSto*.
'1
The 9tugcr Sewing Uackluu,..
'Tb#o®ee-«f-: ‘““i'.
J.N.WILKINF,
Formerly 131 DearVora-*L»naw.at 143 MUwankee.ar.
o T
..1,1 WkLlt* Tkonpuu,- 1
REAL ESTATE AlihNT,
3?9 VVcal AladiTtf.**VJkfia'nfcl'* Block.
Particular attention to leMttg propcMj and Col*
Iwutit J*
KodtUtt A llamlltoD,
MUlEir.^yy
W>hereby annoqnce to oar patron* and the publl
;h-*t we 'ball costlaaL the WIIUI.KSALKGKUCKUY
l>iulne«* at our new aiaud. corner uf Mtcblgatt-ar l
«nJ Perk-court.
t)nr otter, tor the pretest, it No. 333 Michigan -a*, M
wh*rp,w*ar» prepared to tarntykemail Una* q
-4k twed*. Slaw 6*e# w «mk e iftk Ineba a t n«Zw»Jk
Thankiul for tbo ItbrFal patrwo*ge of our friends
io (lit p>it, v liurr t*UOd euutluuance at the
uar, nod in thi# lime nr our great ueceeMtr trust
no effort will be spared to help u« UnancUllr.
ttiicago. October I*. W?t,
James John,
OHNA3TENTAL PLASTEBEn,
Lets of 6( Ad ims-*t.. now In rear of 333 Wabash*
*T. Saad. order* by mall a* usual, and they will he
eronipllr‘att*tjiled U»,. Wbra you erect permanent
buUJinc* Uf* noihlug but Iron wir» a snlwtilute
for lath to platter on, a« patented by tuyarlf. It
•torn! fire jo«t at welt corrugated iron arvhea.
AWpreparH «a3akwof»lera now,
te*fii»rd*‘, HIOCIV 6i 'Co^[
will open with stock of
MENS* A*!* UOYV CLP THING, j
ataTCState'-sr'.'ShialinV.rneVlladlshn and Jeffer
sou, on or about November I.
BEitf EftLOAN BKISItEB,
w«4* il
r—’V Know rMid«L
d.cuhi.
PAstE iUstry-urnraEß,
i\o, 3LbVimTfUr-U
torrc<4»ror«kr»A^
Birspmss carps.
Removed Oct. 7.
rnbKNTXTr,ANix« mill.
KnLTSAMJR:: RANDALL. Puiprlefora,
Cnatracton ami BoH«i*r*, anj Maanf*c!nr*r« of
?«*h. floor*, l»»mK ,Moa.ain«>. Ac. Paciwrj-and
oßw corner organifaißoo-aad C>rroU-«t<-•
J, G. Salisbury, i
PRACTICAL BUILDER,"'
VTilJtnaVgcvtinatpa and conir-ict for. nil baildin* i
Office—MSouth Canal-at, svcocil^floar.
E. Ammon Co.,
Li<jaor«.
Office and Smr* ;i9 .Wen Madison-it,
Shoenfeld Bros. A Co.,
CO arid 81 Wabash-av.
sdoenpeld bros, i
Wand “7 North Cl*rk-»t.
.M.i-ioi
1.. Shoenf M,
J. ibwadl,
B. MmafrM,
I t. Dnniiihtn-Ifr,
1 i
R. Rose,
ARCHITECT.
hu r«q6w4 .LotinaM at 31 C'anal-sr.. corner
of \Va*bl*stoft. Wl,6r* h- ia now with a
wrpaof aci*nxbu’uao to cx««ats.all order* with,
wit] ojwn SB'.cffiw. northeabT corner Hartitoa and
llal«lcd-*ti., oit Turtday next. Hiked haute*.can be
had st old prica*. My tou io the ervat firs was
aesrjy 4100.1405
auibiti«>n I* Irlt. Ifep* lo i4o» make up jny lots hy
houett atiil lair deViuz. I am jiitl cooiplntio* a
».Hm be ready fur
m-cupapce: it well *nl>fr fur* wh.tlmlw l»ti«hie«.
Hilohcock, 'bupos a. Evarti,
Altarruy*; mar found«ii 319 Sonilt
for a lew day*; then wt ooioer Well* and Monro**li
The haalnn* luium uf lit. JUt, I)r. FOLK I, rath*
tdie Bialiop. of Cl>lir»cu. will ha from Itfa. m. to r. p.
n. sc Bi. ralrtck’a Church, corner of Adam* am
l>fapl»inee»«ta.. nuttl further notice.
HANDSI»ML i’AULOU BTOVES.
remaining ffum rtock. o*ll at Store North Hal* ted
it, conwr iknhl, oriy null.
B. ASHLEY MtAUS.
ENGRAVER ON WOOD,
it tamorrd t*> la Wr»t Madi»on-gt. Onlrra eolldlrd*
Notice.
hoi, 9 and li .North C«aa)-al.vvr]ib n«tl. ’Thorne
X H.yinrq.
Bushy Hill Johnston,
•GtSB a At' OOk 1 13510N' M Kfc»ty'AN T9.
Comer Lake'uad South Waur-ji*,.’,
•ro ready lor hu<dno*i.
J. s. Cxse,
c. H. .vortH, Chicago.
Equitable-Life A&Wanee Society
v ortK*u^ifa»!»TAT|sJ.
U wow located at £5) Vf>hxtl|'«?-. All hooka, paper*,
and money pfeaervrd.- _
11. F. General Agent.*
Fancy Steam Dye Worka,-
ByU. OAULQRGK. 129 Weiffnaodolpii.fi.
AU kimla of ftaJ jrniUmea’e clothe* cleaned
and.dyed m the Uieat attfaahfdrwer prwqr.
Laufer Hill,
GENERAL' COUSIIJSSIOS .MEnCUANT.-’.
.U.U'«Uiilie*t,
We hayetont «off«Ty*r rrani* the fire, ami are prt*
pared |u handle all coaftnfsmaaU wuu da«pw(«U.'
Jlonfc* «k C’o,,
!£ANL'yACTL*UKRAoKSTA.a': UAKfNO POWDER.
Laundry UltH-iqg. yiavoriair A'rtracir, Writing and
Copying l«i I, >chool luk, Ac.
_ union paiik. ton. a:adisox.st.
Bankers,
II and 13 Market'll, oflleo with F. W. Bax»«r A Co.-
foot of Wctt'WaihingtoH'ft. Flonr »acka. »nd
printed wrapping papers, grocers* hagt.twitaMvwtet,
•tc. Will berwidy to lit! order* within a fww^aff.
BusluOit Hlrcctory*
-COM3IERCTAL AGENtiT.
TAprAN, ITKILLOP *c6., W and *.ttSooth Ca
will receivema few dar/a ofl/calhcrnod:
—Dr« H.-Hoodburr’i
-t* 1 f:r» m 'Z *r -:r »li!
JPFIbE IS'AT Ho. Jn| WEST UftSIItNGTOX-ST.
.2*, aurt 77 North Clinton*#!. Click* family
flour; al«». vorn, oatf, ttiNil, ami at lh« lowwt
oitipihwK
Ldthi4/,
Formerly cof»*r-Sj«iU.au*«l Waditon-sl*.. can be
found atfUi-WeltMadtioß-ef., with l>r, O. Jluy
drr. !»en Ist.
Is.neirlit vnrkiis order, with a'fall stock, at 701
Wmi Jla ijion at.
Frlmdi and cortontcrrjlraii* call.
001r<*. fiCL" Mirl»ic«fa.n3f.; packing lifUtp, cnrnor of
U. D X Q. Uat)ru«4 eroding *a.j linllint>av.. *«t
Nnitih’f ic« Hoiim. OrdortAßaia promptly HI1(J a»
twftn*
tI»U 4 illic, 1
COMMISSION UKBCIIS NTS.
tiara respeaaU *1,4? ?Tt»<enty-*ceoß*(*st. Books saved,
ami prmipt returns taatWri herrtnfure.
Offlr*. to JUndnlpfc.it. ftwideftee/iys'Throoplst.
On arceant.of too hot a re.-enlfnn on Monday.
O.fobrt JJICUOKJXAN A SKINNER'S I.iverv-hp*
Un»#U to..curocr.state
wharaaTTnmxmteArtll I* •prbrrtptly'•iuied. Tba
palrunsgeuf
RcOCVaJ. a
Being warmly prrjtrtl. vikave retmrrrd oWrnQc*..
rotu 131 Dp«rln>ru>it. ll«rrl*<>ii*ai t f>p.
Office of
Removal.
gray BuornEßst.
4. H. Keeler,
FO^IMP.RLV ns CLARK.ST.
Notice,
Manz,” f* r.
Wm. Y. DanieN f
tilt?tAkri-sf,
E. slflißieson,
v tUTOtiNEV
AfSrt Sfaie^^.'
r-/.' LfO’lf»v;<
-4m corr.vGE'diip^BArV
At the Uhl .Prices.
)n. L ,Stark,
LAWYER,.
Iteybaru, lluuier Ac Aloultori,
LIGHTNI3G RODS.
oiScVat SasjwgW Bank,
Geo. R. Noyes *t Messln^er
nahat.
Hfellorkßfe Wbeelcr,
NO. 73 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
C jjftiac-Mf Gr*rn*l.«
Itaac K. Illtt,
KKAL'KSTATK AGENT,
ms Wort Uao(!olMi-Bl
-c»nx\co ii,i,iSofo.
ClintM-at*. Mills,' t 1
v JIDW3IAN A CO, iTspriiMorf.
Cattily A: Chaudler,
LAW OFFICE
AUI WtUaalt-a*.
U Neimaiit
-li*;>TUT r
im* nasr
Booth’s
oYsruna.
A. £L Guild, Jr.,
At»-»rticr*d .Sourjr. I’abUo,
Troof* of. Toms T>rrpan«r and certified fo'at’ *53
Dr. T?.- b.. McArthur,
Remfral.
»|HiiwyvV
Real Wfate and 'Loan?,’VfrJ*t“ iiaJ»dolph-*t.-ko<*
56i Wabaih-ar, Wo bare «-d *rc- lo bay far
/7;;''• ,i:
.;k‘- ssst,*!tpusuiuiio oimusi-; ..-.-j
rcrwriy a bufit.:.-
Hare rpemd wh.n
tbeyw.il r.aruacL-tluiir t*.»upor«riif. We
beg to S.J aball r*..
up#a*llluL larger eUiCk-tban-eeee-.
•qwoaen.i'ttt JsiiiioiAtt,.
,>:osx j
Law Office will be at 379 Slate-ft., uni iFtkrif'T-* ba I
l«on." Bear-.tUfiflwkl plane ta .nntaJiW. iThekf eil*
tjUeir
YV»ltcr L M.”
j* iATli)ul/cS-t -I
Furm-rjy with M. .Moore A o#. *Larcl*l n itltrt*-f
liou |im («l)i«ttTkln«dalnr,tP<4t t>TtiMir*l«. I
7».W»eg HeOwd-n:::.' --v
2i9 Dio. lalaad-aT.,'mahuLcterar «f fDrnl*nV*,‘|
elan ofle* inralttir*. ’:0
Alead A lllggini,
II \a Kd 1-or.jmvinna, j 1
ffllaVinw l Loam* e« *ltl t fbw rtSart, corner !>reeh j
0-0 1,.:. ?2__ii

Mauofactarrr*<*f
cold pßxffjEiMkdrilflß jevqliit,
-AT
They New.
Vora «udlriD H fillaWnNtecgv They
w»ij will v*
«d In wx-thrir many friend*-*! (Uric- amp ouapinrr
ormerly at 3ti and Wa*hhift\«i-n., are now
7r' r
and e«n fill promptly air ordfta for 'yroeerfe), prcvl*-
lea and ahip *npptir«, 1
uaie .i
i«■
SUR3IAS IV PEHKIS3 aa'i> j. a. C&fea
t j >.->u i
Stewart, Swenlzel Hess,
%iiVbfe r; Frinri.‘
rnsip. st.jTpvi'inv wait jk'asif
.Late pfll] U»4
■v, nhiij, 1( !r r

J iappj|p<l *t
.*2 ®i.S3sßi3 ai
Vr
And at 185 TT«sl Lako-et.
Chicago business directory-
The following r.r*' the uauut of tome of the Ur.d-
I t off hoaet* in the city, arranged trilfi u
xhvto convenience of reference.
Advmlrlnit Asttncr.
B. 11. CHANDLER, General Advertising Agent,
S5 South Canal and 416 Slate-eL, will receive
cards for ibt* directory.
Attorncye-at-Lax*.
iIOBAN a ENGLISH, lu2M> t Randolph-«l.
ELDUEDGC.Y TUURrELOITK. US West Madison
*b* r an I Tw*nty-»eeomi.*t.
A H rT BI.>>KLL, Si Wmi Jlandolpb-it.
GOl D 5 A (■ilAXPt.Ril, 39i \V«Uiii*(T,
11 HUBERT 4 QCKK. Hut. -it.
Architect*.
ROBB A ACKRBMAM. 193 Midiioo-et.
K. S. JEKIbOS. 6t» Btatc»*t.
Boot* and. Shoes.
DOGGBTT, BASSETT <fc HILLS, 649 Wabasb-av.
c. (I. Fargo a c0..«>3 Wab«*h-av.
Bsklnc Foirdcr.
DR. PRICE’S, Cream Baking Powder, 47 and 49
wcstLake-H.
Banks.
FIRST NATIONAL, 449 Wabash-ar.
SIUSTii •"ATIOMAU O H'aba-b-av.
FIFTH NATIONAL, Ain Wnhash-av.
MANFPACTUKERI.tSI Wahasb-av.
NATION DANK OF UUMMEKCE 513 WMav.
t MON NATIONAL DANK. MS D'abasbaT.
BANAtAQ AasOUATIUN. .w, W«.
LDNI*. PDKFrON A KDAN. ,OUlhu..t corner of
ll't.ttfil «<(il ltaiiiJoliilA.au.
NOHTIIWBiXEKN NATIONAL BANK. W \V*.
tiMli-ar.
Bedillnj; and l^nugei,
McDonough.' puice a co., ai and 33 south
Caual-st.
BalldfiiK. Paper.
ROCK Rll ER PAPER CO„i| North JdTitiutiwti
Carriages.
COAN TEN BROEKE, cor. Ana and West Rao
doipU-eU.
Coni.
MINER T. AMES Jt CO., 1 VV*. Ratidolpb it.
Carpets.
K. F. HOLLISTER*CO., 10and 13 XortbCansl-st.
ALLEN A MACKKT. 70 suie-*t.
Clothinjr*
nKNRY w. KING i CO. 51 Markct-sf
LEOPOLD KUHN CO„ 4Tt Michigan ar
1 LITLE. TGU3H**uN A WETMURt, Gtf Walash-
Chicago Paviuit Couutauy.
juns jf.fArfenr.Y, rre.i,i.i.t, im wv.i «„h
Cement.
UNION AKRON, »nuih«e*t corner Baud and Hal
I*o*l.«t*..
Crockery.
U. V. 31EUIULL 4 CO., 407 \Ve»t Maditdn.gt,
i Commission MrrthanM.
and 261 E Ikndolph-sL
l
[CULVER CO., (broducc) 3f« S.CtUud-«U
Slid Lake eta.
t PLATT^THORN. MAYNARD, (produce) 9 nod
i 11 N. Canal-ht.'
iP. B. WBAREirpo., (produce)S5and57N.C11n-
-100-<t.
SIcWILLIAMS Co.nrwlucr.K4 W. Randoloh-al.
CVIIVS JW.VEBS-*rtl.UiM3, ipredoisS VV.
Hanuolnh-.t.
F. M. (vLSMKyn) 4&C0.. (lumber) 30 N Umlet.
CURTIS CARTER, (dfllil fttug %Tnd
Randolph-at.
K 1 w4 .:t' v £-2^ rA stadiiOßHt.
v. Bum *ls™s,b!'6 "i3l
E. bECK Kl* ft CO.. VJ West Lak4>4U'
ril ko. U. SV K LL.i A Ca. yj IV r i Lake-nt
ESSSS;»»3I
A. V. DWKI-NSON. s«* Vfe«l Laki>*er,
qOINN. a WITT A CO. (Flour). Z4 North Canslat.
DetecUrt' A. Prereuttve A*eacy.
ISUgJue*—Jlachtuery.‘
TVlt. McGREGOTL, S3 SodltiCuui-«i.
C.& c: COOFER A Vt)., jy «nd 14 Weft Ran
dolpb^t.
.Ksprcases.
GARDEN CITT, IC2-Wen L»kl#-«. aoJ IW Twenty
MCoatl-rt.
Express Office*.
UNITED STATKb EXPRESS. W and 6! W«6
'Wdsblngtoa-eL
Engraven apd Die Siaken.
0.8. lIAKSoN. Si iVfitjillll4oo.il.
Frttltl and FaMy.tiracirlci,
M GRAFF A CO., 133 \V«n Xadltonxt,
Fonrardlag and Innirauce.
V -FHASE* CO., •ouihieeit corner Randolph
and llahied-stt.
Forultnre.
A. L. RALE A C n., 10,14,14 and 16 North Canal-st
TUAVKK TOBKY FCB.NITUKE CO.rS to W
Weal Uaodolj>h-Bt,
Fara-Wagons.
PETER |CC»Dd luvbontli Canal-tt.
(aroeers.
DAY, ALLEN CO.,tm Mlcblgnn ar.
bIDLKY A ENDICOTT, 771 UaW-iV.
Hardware.
J. R. liOTSFORDA 80S. hVt Waha»h-ttT,
nidcs aud Leather.
CHANDLER BOYINC7TON. 4y Booth Caaal st.
Uorh and Sign Painting.
MARTIN A LEONARD. wWMadlava at.
luiiuance (Fire).
0; AV.. BAR RETT A
OGDEN,bUKUDoN JjCUDDtitt.WSooth Caaat-st.
E.’B. ItlAl* A
liunrsuce (Life),
BERKSHIRE, 70South Canal-it.
KNI(UtKfttMuKJ:u. Souibwcft corner Randolph
ao-i lULted-fia.
£CLEUXI(* S aouthweft corner HaUtrd and Rnn>
do|pU tt«.
Iron; Steels, 7fAll*,4bc.
KIRK, COLEMAN A CO., 44 Soaih Canal-st.
IMALL, KIMBA RK A CO.. "Wabasli-ar.
lrou;Fon»drya.,
TtTB- DAVID M.:Fo'RD. B3 io Wc*t Waebiur
47 U>6sStmth
Improved 3ler«tMUle Agency.
J. M. JJRADSTKEET SON; SC Uaiial-rt..
Jeweller*.
A. 11. MiLLEIi. 47! l Wabash nr.
MUTUAL LIFE, 3HI Wabtub-ar.
XapaaitiCil Ware nud Tin tuin.
MOKTON x KllANyilEll, Man.l A3 South CaoaKat.
jfc'Wholesale Dealers.
DICKINSON, TfACir ij South Canal-el.
CALI.ACiIAX iJuiuICKCKUFT, I=l Weft Raft-
'LeelUrr DeULoit.
■JIUSSWr XX-O.V 11 anil 16 CnnnlTJl.
Livery Stables.
HAAS POWELL: 55(03l West MadU'uu at.
Leatiiei: Fludlnji.
PACK BKi>. .t(JU..7K» and 37 C,iD«l-et.
BLACKBURI) BUO.. *7 South Csoal-et
Liquid Slating- and- Black Boards.
J. DATIS WILDER, 773 \V«*t lUmJofpb-at.
yiilllnery.
n. W. J. il. WETHERELL, 3f19 Wabaah-ir.
Matches,
ECLECTIC StATCIf CO.. 97 Weat Madlson-lf.
:*f«Acliant‘Tailoring.
KATTIICWd MASON.tV) U'aba»h-ar.
''Oils (Wholesale.)
KES».V A JENKINS,
Oyrtera ana Flih.'
(V>r‘3li< liTeim-Mr.'
K.J.- UoTft;?o«ns«i?Svutl»C«nal»«f.
0. I>.iIALLOI2T «t Co„,U<'Vcel Jtindalphs^
o<Aee:oud tfebool FarAl(«rc»
11. M.Ml’rßwrwi). 100 to Wsnmh c*h*i*i.
A. 11. ANDREWS A CO., 119 aitd 111 W. Washing-
Paper Bealrxa.
NotrrinvEST r.\ pe h* cu r sr West t..
.FUusoa*'
W. W. KIMBALL. OmMrdiljao-ar;
J. BAL'KU CO n 37o*iUcMgau-ar.
Periodic*!*.' _
"TEr.srEC.TAt6ll," v-•* r
u rinmhluircnd Gaa Flttlnf.
AV. 11-I*ATTEII{*OIf. I2I WiVl lUnJ.lph-Vt.
i Bail way Huppilcav
v*R*tri UOODIUDGE, aoathwest corner Canal
t and Liktf*
I, .Hf*l Kitaie audXaaiL
[B. n: JTERFCKTT A CO,, 43 nod -iz'Wxei Lako«t >f
BLANCHAED BROS., SOT Sute-it..
eNTI'EH k t.KK. Ur.mrh (laUted jm»*l.cortwt of
JnAtKD*HRADLEY,4»Jd»ThCat.ar.»U
*3,*.nCIWA\P. Jr., TO S/mrh tViaf.ir. l T
*KiDKN..sUIXDON SCTDDKir,-6d SoQlb Ca- hi
W.IHPBIiK A C0...*00i1-weaf earner Kan-
'dolpband
A, kotYats. *outhtrp«t;eoroeriK»tMlolrb ndflil
j -j. r
Bdlrbail Dfpota a»d Ticket Offleei. j
.MIORiOAN CENTRAh. foot of TSrentr'-l"Caod-it.; P
and Ua<!lroo-*u. fl
cr r HerHnir Mdehliitf.. J
nows snrrriE nortfcii
cast cofner HA’dlejo flijd Sangamua-BU. .ti
Blind*. _ J
\T. L comcr Woat
3
f SiMtayHarOmn.
i DtUGQ.OI A.Jnß|kVd4
1,
FAIKBANks. GBICKNLBAT j
Canal-eL
c HICAG CJ 5 CAIJi 0., .3 364T,«*txWiaMn5

'.I sicncU Tooband Btwk.
i-FtNTSAN, 9« E/Bacdolph-rt.
11. Il»ttwii, Weal MadieoifSt.- j
SUUontrVi 3ob l*cinUnc, ißlauk Book
I CULVKH. A COs 11, U, aad IS j
'A -Sortb lWpotaio«*+t.. i
WaiMng
1. .r-ji -1. -.r 1
rjmiN 11. SHALL £JOO~S7 Sooth CamhaC
[THE WeSTB&S KESVS COiU’.VNY', ‘JQ, 97. *nd i
HOFFMAN. 16 WectlUo
J *adrpli.et. .u- ::C
.X
I DIBBOLD-KIENELEy; 446Stata-Ft.
|l- v Trunk
a 1:1 LE Y 1 IJRANDINMOUBE. 19 North Jeffarm-n it
J -'Wliolcftale Bliwre*.' j
I r.;P. nATHBOSBi C*aal,-<l.|
T, V u TVihioieiol* Uro*rrlc«»
i j jiFELuiuK, Warner a co-. wsouift cewu«. h
i 3«BooihC*o*EßtL
JIBLDEN. SI Wcat Lake-1
T~-.. t
ij, i IHSDKAKCIL j,
Occidental Vtrc InsjfiriDcc Co.,'
OF tliL.
V; -,A..Ci OttEENCDAUIL .\OBNT.
Offioe.'MWf»t.B>n Jolph- *r.»lr»;
‘Art hp'dfng pA|icl~Aln' r 'tli{« cownanf tfeay‘report.
fTrsadway tslewell, Insßrlhce ftjenb.
The “Alps Inftirah’ca Company.
1 -em-idionaod'pay HeW*e* c-mlinor
m*l»#**’a* Fite piilkia* Ml Barl#*. eeriifl*'
-atca.’rili heliawd ia few dap*.; 0* -ICaiday l»rxl
'*m will el re rnille* luratlon
i .four.oflhi/wUen Will baf fo pjc»*cd
t afjiaerboi'patroß*.-, ,7
w w TBKAPWAY-A.FKWRLL. .At»oU.
i 1 \djn*iMof Fire Ijjmi. OAc« SSI K.reo
T‘ im«'.rv>rWn»in Ircnraua. -UM.*djUfipdi.lP«J«
I ormany «f ‘he nmat, yrowliwfil cwrapanira. WIN
t i 'make'np chtin* aud.pt>**nt ihtut tu.ibocompaalee.
«a arrnrrrel'fn r*nuli>~l. __
■MAS OHIO JfOTIOEg,
ftStlpiuti&dQQiHfc 596, A.T.andA*M'
MI H«oIlm'4* t 'lW*i:o4isO' -'ir* br«fot*d h» pfjwirt
,i,. «l tWlr I>«xIo Uaoai on T«**«Ur<*tU'
log next»] r.;
PZRSONAX.
1 I W Si’SillLui'ffi i mo UENT-BV HAS. CLEAVEU-A
mr( J. I*, ami K. L»aoy. J »i^u^Tl*r.^ n *n x^ e l b ‘w ,03,e two «{ery brick os l»
I A wfre ballding wltb brick basement. •'I
Mining -mnck the tire, samcel h.
Rial, lat* of Pimhcrsr. I'u. Any information
retarding him will in- thankfully received, ('onituu-
Blots with W. THORN. Ticket Agent F. W, 4
C. Railway Depot, Canal-*:.. Chicago.
PERSONA L-IVIU. JuSKrU OR CORDELIA
Kirkland make their whereabout* kuottb to 11.
F. K., 3LtiiUaO-av. Hot.-L
PKUSONAL-J.VXE 51. KERNEU. Vit JANE 31.
7«rlnr, tou e*n nmt l»«n:el T-ivlor a: ITI North
ar. SKWINO MACHINE AGENT.
PEIWiNAL-WILL MART LUSK. CATHF*
ribs Li»«k. and -lame* Lauo nud Umilv inform
nits wh-re lc4ti hear or iht-m c. F. DECK, tSWi
J’raine-nr.
PERSONAL— CALL UPON MB AT THE NUUTU
•mi cf Laßalle-*t. tunnel. or ax my hoot*. Clark
•t. sti t f nllerion- ir.
PARTIKS.IIaVIXG U'JUDt GIVEN THEM IN
cl.auo un tl»» i.iztu of tlie .ftro l.y ({o'.Jrirft.
Kirl’f ,t Co. till ptu<f roltiru lli>m t» TVitislas
Mouss, CwlUso Oror. av, CuuDRILTI, Killin’ X
|)EJ«*ONAL-lIAi:V ANN 6UUUNALP, AilO
J ilvotl with Sir. <n.H>ilkiml. cunier «.f Baarbotu
aud ImM not been limit! orMnortli*
fire HnnJay. October 3. Any inli>ru.tj<m «-r lu-r
Wl>er«ab<*nr« Hill l» tlurikfnlly reifir-J by l, e r
60 Wrst I(uiui»» ai., corurr of Union.
I>EQS(INAU-.MISS SIACK (FOKSIERUY op
I Slimirtiili will miivli trlievc lira nnxtaty «»r l»ef
frieiiila if »Jie ui>| couimnniiai'* at vneo oliji Jiic
uotlrnisned, or accept l«*r lit-rarlf uinl f>l.iti»e» me
lM>Tpitalitr of bit lioo-e. which Ira will gindly aflorJ
lut Mini tlicm. IIENRV W, BARLING iformcriy.il
Nuniieal), 11.-vnnU.in. t»iit.*ri»».
IjERHONAI.-NELUi: FALLEN. LIUBIE lln.
JL ffitr*. aud SUry W hxl«n. call at fimyer A Tuln-v
luruitufj Company, vu aud b: U««t U«uduloli-%t'
sload«y.
PEiUUNAL-jiji. J. BEAN. OF Tllß FIRM OF
A Ur*i). i/loasu c«ll at 1 a Wis; Ran*
Jiilpti.M.. imtuedlaiely.
.-FARSON. BU.vTTUX ft ft*. GAN
Jr _flnd pfopt-rijr tkcinnci'nc to them I y culliti; cu E
G. WUITK, curtitr Canal and SUdiwii'iili., bin.
u»pi.
BO&RDIKG ANB XODGING,
oo SX.VNTON-AV.,' MI.XU BUUtil.iS-I'LACK
OO Out* stnall furni»lied and out- l.t'.’j uufiironlicU
twiui tnniit.vntli Loud.
rZf\ &OUTH MAY-ST. BETWEEN M.\l»lSt»N
cMJjiid Waaliinrtop—: l«rj;of«irni*l.r<l ro>>m*, with
suilablr lor ficut and wile or uncle gentle*
men. Gat, hath, Ac. Ke-Vronci-'s rmuiml.
()1 SOU 111 SANG A 3ION>S r.- UOAKU AT
*/i. tuuderato chatjtes.
71A SOUTH GREKN-sT.-TWo YOUNG GEN
JIIVJ tleiarn cau find a comfortable rwm aud
boald.
mrillKOiaNNT. A GKMLK3IAN A.SH
Hl(r or two tinelc uenllcuirti cm* g.-t gooi
boara lu n iHUiliy last uf Un.ou lUik. In*
quire at lit T)troup>*t.
11*4 SaNGAMUN-ST.-.V FEW I‘KUaONA CAN
XXO obtain g-K>d board and ro«iu* at very re*-
souabls rate*; also, a large front room mr gru
tlrman mid wfe. nr for an office.
1 .7T7 WABRKN-AV.. lUrrWBEN WOOD and
XOl Lißcdifst*.—Furnisiietl. room and luar.i fur
griulruiao and wife, in a small family. To llu
right parties a pieaaaut home for the w.nter..
1 lit AND ITS WEBT BOARDER?
X I O wanted; the clwaptst and host board in tbr
94Q FARK-AV.- COMFORTABLE ROOM
mITU with board, with utv **f pi;tu-», for gwntU
man and vrift. in a priraie family. Befcrcocr* re
quired.
ori MI-NHUK«T.-KI BBST-NU’EI-V KUI!
nishtd room*, wilh nr without board.
•JQ.-T WKST RANDi»IJ*H-iT OPPOSITE UU,.
.OOtJtard-jilate-Kir»t'tl«»a hvard, and room* Ik
r«til. Location very desinhlu.
7‘J»> WK-t JAC’KbON-sT.— Is:ia III). WITH
I *JOiiic-« room. 12x14. slcma ajj:| cloeet. aniinuh
.or gentleman aud w|fH .hairing plva'ant b<.iue.
rro JAdCSON-fT.-il urH BOARD FoU
'•±■4 Ox tt^otlenjftuaud slm.ii.d three yviing niMu.
So hoarder* In family now. Terms rcaaoualilo for
psoinptpal&ro.
wj Q WEST LAKK-ST.-2 OR 3 GKNTLKMRv
ran find roan! and ren-m* In a i.r.Tato family.
•nooth*r hoarder*. ApArl*! L»ke-*t.
m 7 IVPIANA-A V,-T'V(l OK ST LEM EM AND
their wire* can And good room I with
hoard. In a amaH private family.
F'll!SiT-<:i-AS9 iIOARI* AND I'I.KASANX IIOU3IN
fnrftlfhe'l or unlurnitlial, for eenUontan and
wife «>r aeotlemen. I> quire of A. 31. I’tKUCE. at
fhe Te«id“«ce of A. O. Stuart.
HCBBA ItD I'l.AcK—Til *V*»IKNT* WILL
find the l»Mt of accnmtnodaliotu) at J. Wo d*‘,
39ri t}tftte-ft. Clwrgoa reaaonaMc*
Nick room.** and uoaud in lvanstox roc
a man aud wife in a private latnily.
Evaustoti, Box 13.
PLEASANT ICOoatN, WITH HOARD. FOR A RK
*p-ctfthle ffttnlW at reatooal-1- term*. MaM#
«nnn*d<l{i"*. If desin-d. Anp!r to A. J. H'<FF
MAN, Thatch* r Station, nenr Selxxd lions-. Ualcnn
pi«tai«u N. W. U. C., are BiU«a from dtr limit s.
rniillKKOK FOUR SINGLE GKSTLKSIKN'! CAN
i hr acc<>uimod«tr.l with hoard at t*V ai.dtTprr
work jn a private family; must ho rc'iuLl Addrcfj
U NcrtU£aagam<m>«t.
1 PARNKERS WANTED.
PARTNER WANTED—WIriI 91.0f».T0 ENG vCf
in a tnanufapturiu* tm.inro'; no c<>nipet|it»n;
nmflisSui per ct-uf. Adiij-L-wi THOMSON, *O3 Wen
Lsk >*t.
PARTNER WAMED-IN A DRUG STOItE-
Acim* or silent. Iligcliaiic* for th- right man
with i.’.'QQor td.uCQ. A»htrees SX. Tribune »ftipo^
PARTRNIV WAHTBD-Wltll ».(vs> CAPITAL,
ta oiigag* in an established husineas—nurmlac
curing saib. donn. A«., and planing mil. Liberal
arrangvmeitio «iU he oScrrd the right man. Ad-
Ires* B. sift ilictngatwav.
MISCELLANEOUS.
AQKH'tli WANTED TW(» K.\ PKM KNCKP
fgtiiw for iliu Wur. to «Hi
U*nalu‘si. .Cvmniuuie&Uod* t<i In Addrcteod to Ini
tcr-by* LonK Mo,
pi*
J; 11. I'ltvfc, ft Ac* Ml.
c*-iv«> liubm'lioM goods to •»II In e-Momfc*ion .osilii-r
at prjvat* aals or Auciiuo-alsa repairing anil
Claauihs at old prices.
HOttittHULU gaki»ki>
Mini jfwltri ."If, olil
piicr* i»l«o I hr Furniture IMmli liir druulnc. foi
alt I tf J. It. I'ikr, 7-tT Writ LiU
UFriOK OF J. L. DA VIS*. AT Mi. 37»i STATE
*t.. U«uw I. Baotna end nffit-e* t?n.-i<l Irtf.v'i
liiilltlin?.
I>.\ ItTIKS HAVING HoUi'ES iNH' KOl'Ma
furnished kt>i) iinmrnMted. Un lia>** tenant* by
•ending]l..c*tion.,di-acntrtiou. and pr.te to I*l)tL-
Ul'tiit t'HASlililiiK, Uni hftatuand Lo.ta llrw*
Kelli. W.at
STRA.M PUNi*! I ,'ENGINES, \.M» 3IACIHNF.KV
of all4l*«cripl4iHi« inprthd from Eastern jiunO
•ecttirera by tdjeitrapbio oydvrr Offica at C. 31 AbUN
A iU., Id Carroll »t. U-K IH>IHiK;
I'O KXCIIANtiB-Uorsca AND 1 U»T* AMI
A Wwt >lde lore for North ?ida lota. KD3IOND
O. MH.E*. m Wr*t Haitdolpli-n.
'l'o KX* lUNCK-fclClltV ACUHAJIB, WELL
X Improved, DJ mil*. our, for lot in burnt dial net;
rains a&ojji |i,WO, 'WOLF A KAHLKY, 4.V South
Claffcst.
tIT’VHTKD-TO KIM> MB. MAILTOS. MTK
If .wt Mxnlioa Hou-»». NVnh tiiUritr.
Ari*ljr to puuPCnti* Hold, llouoi. O. (i£OlluK
nuA N>cuoy y.
W* •ASrkl>- To rv:vujJi.\sv. vv. ktin uvrnt
jlltrid uu stau: »t. AaJrfK J. (i. HllyW N.
237 iUcUicati.-if.
WAHTBDtTo icsowim: vrksknt wukuk
ff ahoniaof (Jartort Cultei. age T7, J.H** «f Per
x»r T*‘l«HP«phColl»*ge, brother, T. J. Oulhu,
4fU .We»t il**xj«on *i. All fbicaco p-»p«r« copy-
11/ ANTED—TO ITIU MASK-M FKKT ON VfA
it luih-ar io burnt illittict. AiUnu J. U.
'DROWN, Sli(bi)[>n-«T,
WXNTKD-TU INVEST A FEW .THOUSAND
ca«(i in a n«ylBU burim-ve. Adiji eas,
stating lull piUlcuuni, U.a 9. JauemlW. Wi*.
WASTKDrVACAKt LOT AS 7IUST VAY
nnmt *on pleasant house or ten room*, wirii
large l«t. t»c*»led at l.ouibird. Price, 4?,hr>
CLaFLIN BROS., V'l Madiion-st.
ia* ANTED—Tit LKASB, FOR A TERM OF
•I -jear*. 3D..t0. or 6U fret on Smiaet.. WiiMth or
>llchl«ai»-«f*., I*rl«>en Jiartiaon.ajtd W.-i«li>ntftvu>
(a. Call or aiklr* J. K. 11., iJJI Wsbasla-av.
JAA BARRSU hTU-UUIlt KBNTICKY
lUt_/ wlnskt... ihru» aud four year* wIU,
fr.oa tha file. rshicJvW# «U1 i»B.cheap fur caalt. \W
LareaJfci. plentf »*f atadiul atyrf tpjrtt*; at Sooth
C.n3l *r* DICEIS-M»S; l,g%Cfl t W.
HORSES Alo> OARRIAGE3.
House* wantjjd-i -a pukpaubd to
keptlSor?i>ilri*ins bpng-* lor. the prr#«nl.'«»r
jnr th* winter, at a moderat'* coat, at my larut utar
Blrerftd*: c<h>d •taMf.’cooJ Carr, erain IF rryuued.
'a rtoeTord.eliadnlon afloTrf. wUli hay birracK* uf
(t M cewtie: a large grore eo high* Tan with al»nt»*
■Vuceof aprißW water; carriage V.hw to it*>recar
liaaea-where tlwre ie in danger-frt-to fl«- 1 r»".n»
tv buy *«Uy w.-rk h<*rwa for a pirtr. nt. dio DH
alau,.h»rara *«ld for my ffiend*. I» Ih.y «Mu. .AfH»
at ■laid'* rear afMI aad 3(3 Meat, \Va»hlufilofl-ir.
JAMKs P. BECKETT.
tI^ANTED-.VTAIR OV TCOTfING UUIWiy.
l\ in ir..r In 5:5t ofUrlter; Price lov. Antwrr
Adiran If. H.. Kwiu |7 Sherman
lloue*. _ __ _ _
BUSIKESS CHANCES.
-‘A-C4IBNKR OBO*'EtfY AND SALOON. WEiT
Side. ftra|-«U«.'Oawe*. staall »h«vk. lor Mb*.
A«lJre«a ctae r»wt:u«^
A'&TdCK ”OP' CBOCKBJUa AXD GOOD W ILL
A TarnU’otAtocv Uortjg’rgcWd Lo*lmif:' 3ir Utter
4 ODrHSsWARB K'TABMtfIIMBNT FOR SA»,K
vV--ln n tuirn ~r f.ofii p.ptr* foti; -rtmj* dolus
rant] triji>r tte** l IM-Ulu;. Au
.mi P.U..Bo***, Uw.
PHYSICIAN'S UVVLi.K. FUKNITURIC, ;ASI»
J\ ptncilee M fiTo >o«r«.ia pn*a-Joc»lily, 1»i
«*j r F«r.turtWr p»rlicu»*r< call *u» or,««WrrM L.
p onirny. at u.. Diu-
>TOCK.UK DttCOS, VII ir2-»n»UV ©TUBE..
5 r<M’Uii. ami L*rc>* jor Poi.e»«ltio
nnc<». vroLKK ■CFINL'EV. CJ.Sj'Hh CUrV-at:
B l ual(Mn(TiiuUslv koksadk. in spi.k.npid
cliPrtp fc*r ca?h; part;es s >ius loloatc
1 ilf «Hy. 4.1-]r-t« M K I/. Trtl whm'lß't.
D' ucq aruiu; TT>U aAl.ljrtVKUvriiuyu *s
tlrrlt ttpwv At* sc»t« Jpa»e; loc*l«o#;-
1 T\«t Slif c*-o4 inwjs; *itli.» tin* pr*-
*eriptl«n
f-JSS»orroot«»«. for r n, y
ItMCft w*r- »ddr-". for: tsin» 'HP*UY D.
CI.AYTO', AM Wrtt.'Viinßuißft.tt. o r
f\SDQ>TOKfL>Oit S-3LK xCJUNJiU VaN.BU
’i/jr_u »o«t .T'.'j
FOU WITU. tfoL’U.
tp«T«* l*‘»-; doiD? a l«ni< tirtiur*#. Apply, at
i 5 W»-t C»k**Jt., n»ar I'iiiti‘u Park. ,7
I'Ott B%LB-THE BEST STO‘-K OK CrtOCKU
-I* |w»niife«it<><<U'l'>in WwlU*Jtw«-'H.,‘iiuh
TftloabU ImsA AJ*lr«i»C. P. O.* cars Carrfor No
.1 OH baLK-SAbll, DOOR AND I’I.ASINCi
9 r Mil 1 in aC>o I location i*n tlie roulU biJB. .Will*
acood iua«(l>Q*inMa linn r«(r Mu n reliable,
pmebawr. AdJraaa K.-66',li»*Haii»*at.
r»URNITUBE -AN D CE.6 f IIOTEDIS CltY
r ftir•»>*.* A.ldre-s H ÜB, HUJ SUtk-st.. cam
EUloit £-Lmas«toa.
ir>Oß SALE—COMPLE I*K STOCK OK it ROOERfR
J?. Mil fixlorH, ler cmli; ffixwl M»iluil
.AddemPULUIP C.\tCLtN;sa ur«tr*a*Ar„ c*i*v
roTOCK, FIXTVUSS 'LRAtfE. OK
.O.irant. Mtiwn and fan|ea~’s rwibi*nn*U-)'«
h.>n*ak«rjttt3,%u*cUvi v (Js »U. IxHUir* ati.aaaru
j i. i z-~
TOR SALE*
Prlhtlas Office for Safe*
Tba tnw aad UAWr^.ll.Latab balonginf la Ute
AMKUICIS CItUBOUUAX la for *a,r. Adieu*
HAKBY HAIDES. No, l 8p iog |1.,, 31il*au««
f/ 0 p J§alC.
a A wM&toniitiV'tyiUlW Ipa**, stUU .fttfaUoroofa
lirto fuur*ati>ry br.ck’ lioum Ho. 2i*
cl«irt iOatruct Cara, uaab Twonty-l)/.U-*t verr
lirable fur Bf#l-d»tt botftdlfls buuia
/T Iran til of roainatata in the SornV Diiwlct,
“WANTED—MAXE HEXP.
TITANTrD-THISDAY. 703 RAILROAD I.AB«>K
(v «r* for railroad*: hlph-rt u gt and f.r.
to all; alto, farm -aed quarry b.n!»; ten mill*
wriest*. ChMP tlrket* (or for tlip Sonth H.
11. caKlsmN. L:ad’a Block. Room 5 I 2. S«>
<io!ph*»t. brid.e**
WANTED— A LIVE, INTELLIGENT 51 AN. OF
S<-o.| eharactrr, t» »<-ll Hrsth’* Countirfri
Dctrctor. In Ibi* State and Indiana: anil
tulkrr, aqd a thnroueh bntln**** man. Cull, with
rrfproncc*. ar Rami'* lion**, corner Cabal and Ran
didph-ti*. 11. B. JERAULD.
lIfASTEn-A FIHAT-CLAS- P» INTER, WITH
i? inatcrixi* n> atari ajobprintmr tfficr, at oner,
in a ao-u| location. A rant chanru for a rood man.
t jit or aildreaa E.MEUSON ft DA VIS. t&Weat Uad
t*OU-9t.
WANTED-BT A LONG ESTABLISHED
HbolpK-itr iKivit anl *hir* hon«r, a flrnt-cla**
raleenirn. N«*nr hut a practical xhocmari n«e<l apply.
A<idrr**. wilh rrfc:«ucc*, P. U. DoX No. 2766. St
Lnim.M*'.
WANTED -A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPH
printer and orrretor: >m» wh-» ui»Urr*taud»
the bnrin-t* th )r»u*lily. Addre**, with fall'pur
titular*, at. ft R.. H Urwad-at.. Utica. X. T.
WANTED— BY A L4RGB IMPORTING HoU*E
>n the niiiUnery and fancy p»wd« m Now
York Oneo (>iat cl.ia* mi *m->ii. None hut
inc Urs» Western ttado apply to J. 1)., Mitsui
san IL-t L
TITANTED TO EXCHANGE-REAL ESTATE IN
*1 I Ilium* for a stock of Cuud*. Addnai P.O.BuX
577« la*y. 111*.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY —4 FIRST-CLASS
ruhim-NniaL’rrs, slntflr mm preferred, at llow»-
Sowing Maehinu Factory; piret- work; arrrase *2
p.’rjjy. TKUKV ft MADISON, Contractor*. Peru.
Indian*. Box
WANTED- TBAVKiiLING SALESMAN. IS
hardware rud asricultnr*l cuud*. acquainted
with the trails uf the-XV>*t arnl Norihwril-a first
cij»s oiari uunlt'd br aM, L<-ni» house. Addrca*
s s S, Repabl-aan office. St. Loai*.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY-* FIRnT-CLAS*
ft tewed boet bvkUmuttaand one firsi-ci .sswonratj**
map. AUo, t>ne good iKjot-litter 61 M*s-acSn»rite
v.. ludUliapuli*. Indian*. ARDEN ft NEW HALL.
WANTED— TUEaTU ICAL PKnPLF. ALSO
musicians, to travel. AJJrv** YANKEE”
ROBINSON. .Miirrhall. Mich.
\I~ANTP.D —BRVKRAL WIIOLESAI.t DAT
goods sahjamrn wh,. cao comraai.d a good trad*-
m lowa asd Western Illinois ran t'CUrT iminsdi.tte
employment by aitdrosGu; OFFICE-611 Nottii Main
»l., si. Lout*.
W 'ANTED—BY A NEW YOKE FIHSI, A
travrllius salesman who understands Ihr
rrctksry UiMiucs*. and ho* a tirat-clsss mtsMUhed
trade, Addre**, with full parllcnlar*. ginag refer
-nee and salary expected, NaCIIAN, T. o..slilwau
lt»*r. Wi*.
WANTED-IMJIEDIATKLV-iii MEN FOR
Uhicaro, borlinoton ft yurncy Railroad; Ire
fare 7'nn uflico lee; aUu. (arm uands auu female do
mestic*. Aptly ni No. .6 Mdsaukro av.. U> AN
DKKM G lIIMJ ft CO.
WANTED-FOLK TAILORS. TWU Foe Slim*
fiatii. one f»r shop pants ami rest*, and one for
custom tv.nl* and vests. Apply at 2i2 North Hal
.u iIK. I runt d a. ui. tu 7p. n>.
WANTEU-A IK'OI* CABINET UAKLU. aT
l> 767 Wr*t l-aku-at. J. 11. PIKE.
WASTED—TUB EMPLOYMENT CUMMiTTK*
of th* Rrliofatil Aid >cuiviy hKeasrabDslpui
head qu Tier* at tie Worn uTa Horn». ipl \V«*t Jack
«on*<t tor applicant* for I'omalo ouildjistrut. K■
WANTED—FEJf AXE HEXP.
ANTED—ft COOK AT-i73. WEST LAKE-ST
W"ANTUD-A GIBLTO DO ULNUK.U. HOCaR
»f W(i*K. luqmre at 1f.7 D*arbjru-tf.. otpo.lt
the old Tost offire. GEO. FITCH.
WANTED-GIRL AH GKN’BRAL HHUVANT;
M nf English preferred. Moil able i<
sasll, cook. nud Iron. <1 >od wages to a good girl.
Apply. altirn«on, atu34 Wear AJ«ms*»t.
W "ANTED-A CU3IPKTKXT til It I. TO DO OKN
eMhomi-wurk. Must U* a rtr«t*cl.o« cook,
Apply MlW2NtatP.it:
LOST A m FOUWI>.
\I.IMKRAI.- REWARD WILL BE PAID FOR
Irmik and content* belonging to E. B. Sbonrds
taken by mistake from b*aah foot of Ohlo*t.»on the
•tight of (ha fire, tat Sotth CUntnvat.
r OnT-AT THE LATE FIRKIN bAKK P.ARK, A
1-i mink marked U. K. 11.. valise Vf. Ik. ;and a
♦-win* machine. A gentleman promised tu present*
|Jt«n» if pos»ib>. The lady gars the liilfl* of jll* 1
Hark* r. Tl»e Under will Iw rewarded by reporting at
W Fulton «t.. corner of Carpenter.
LOST-MONDaY, on tXmNKIt OF ccark and
Harrlton>«ta« a baaketof Gorman ond llebre*
J*ook«. la lira* and {pntlenies’M olntliin?. silk and
*i>..lilr-«»e«; :*Uo. furnDure ami nxxte an'*
<nlr.n f.-r theeUyer; al«*». «q album. lnh>rn»afi<ii
"here the nbnru mer ho found l»» 1-fr kt lira
REV. AIIRAIIA 31 GOLUaCII.’ttrDT.
Alinltterof Uarrfaon Street Syaaaoe««.
r OST-A Mnm’M jnZK SARATOGA THI NK.
marked It. B Jr *a» taken by two men; fmm
my aiore. $4 Waihlngtoa-at.,during the fire of Suta
•lay oleht.
Alao* •«ia*r»!>ox new topbuffgr. with mnndsram
B. 11.. Jr. uu theaid-a. Taken from GUlett’a North
><de TattercaUs ataUW. Tlw Undo will la»»mtahl'
rewarded by returning iltne to B. BBL’GK. Jr.. Uv
WabaSti.ae.
fOST-THB >IAN WHO RECEIVED TICDNK
lj marked T. T. 0.. Va nlgtit of the fire, a IMP
North I>enrliarn<et.. will faaelve liberal reward by
reluming same In Ijeouth j
T UST-A UUEUAL HKWARI) FOR IIANIk
Ij trunk, left on ai.lewalk night of fimwn Nirtl
Side, containing clothing marked I2A. B-lam to
S»utli D rnlatn*i-lt.
T OST-ON THE NIGHT.uP TUB KIRR. A !>IK
Ij dftim a!z»d Mack trunks market Minli* A
s ,"s’ l JVlrw
•»f T. S*. FITCU, Id I Dearborn**!., and ho au&ahiy
rewarded.
T U S T—A CHESTNUT SORKRIi fIORME. aBoL I
Li ir. hands high. 4 old. while atrip on n..se,
in* bind while foot, aud L)>- marge of rsm>| naliaiu
•fleit hllnl ijuarter. xiifahb* reward will U gi« 4 i.
for the return lo C. J. BLAIR, IjUub tiD-af i.
3IV PUUMTDRK. ali.ol
l 'of goods, comprlahie diaira.clock, carpet*.! bed*
•luig, picture*, dr. Aroime proring Ilia asm* cat.
hare the good*.. I wae bumf on last Snuday Hichi.
•n the corner of IJurclMn and CDnton-sta., Nn. lo.*,
KjcrylMwh's Groearr a<td Utkery. IV. 1,. JJER
RON, Dikt-r, (At West Randolph**'.
FOl Nl>—TWO LARUE HI»U*KS. nSK |Ark
cr*y Mini on» «urr*-l. T1»»* owner can limp them
*»v (uyme cU*tct«. \Vtjt K«n>t>>lrli»t.
r tIUMi A riAXO ASO STOW. WAY V*t>B
Mfp kerpine, «Mch Dm* owner cun hire h»
nrovlnr pr-imir. (‘all at aorlhweai corner Hiriiiou
<t. »tnl ElaJimi-iojuU
I?UL*M*-OXK I‘ilK-K AND RLUUY. CALL AT
M- "r»t I- »n J7.
VJ'VKII FROM TIIK KlltK—A I>Of»LK TK131.-
,r I* l cornarof Jackwm arid
ysy'i! br
TAKK.V t'P-TUO .Ml HE*; OXE IUY AM»
a- wloU. Uwuercati )nmiun<tir
rljr and pjyins rli.ir«f«. Xu. Hi Smith llaiMod at
qiAKEN UP-A VKI.I/IWCOW* AT CORNER Uh
I I‘*ulma-at. and Dio* J*Und»r. Thtuvn-r c«n
H T CONSIIIL rO,,Otf pmrvrty n<J Payias elwrjw*.
Si O 'VIM, DK PMII Fin r>-F(IB.
*4 tiMtlun Jr*diniM(i »*e<>r.*rr of Sliict-r
fiil taken frotq L»ko Pack oft Slmahtj-
l F»'K RETURN OK W.ITOII To
Urns-. Left in water c(o*rt.
.nKWAt«D-Tr.rxK marked j. p
B»H. Mtromh. IM.. taken fmoi MJ W t
ii.»li-»r, Momlnr murtiiur; Tb«* nle'»t> n-virdril
U* p»«J. ah.l nn <|Qr4tioU9 tiknl. furlurolum lu I?
North »;urlit
CITY, RfiAlr ESTATE.
I?OK SALE—LAUHB HUILIHNO ON; CANAL-
I «f M n*ar jI utlxxii. room*. Chi'tp.
Hun-*-, aa>) loi 0Ji!80, near Uoyuo-ac., on 3Ia«H
tonal.
Hulls*, with- 3 jvart* n**r A«Mtad-av.. on
W-«t iU-niiMn r»rt*tnrp.
UmUhig sQ i Itsiv on W«t Lake sf.-, noar Do*
putn*a.
UullJiasanJ l«aj*on West iladi»oa-it., war Df«
n’lxtn**.'
HulMJnr an+losi* on WV»I Lnkn-tt nm Canal.
brick boiUa and Uaaauwnt.ini
vt-it Utthinrun.lt.
"•lore vaSiat*-«i.,-n*«rT»*ntMlr,-w|;h t**sc
Blur* of flito hoiisa* bn U'ahmu«*h'aT.. nnir l.»k».
,*t. ItutM'.baio airea *>f sow-of th-iu.
Van Bnrtn-aU. near Sangamon.
Lnl t« Inio tt» North Ctark-sL.
1..U to l*n»* «n C-nrw-ar.. neir AJttna-sC
A;P. DOWNS CA, No. up.
F~
on mi«-a gives-
JL S*u*rf bon*». lo rnontf’ »nd bit.
Jf~. iPZ\ t Z? Tth r t. UMr Twenty.iifntli-*r.
RM.pWl.' DA\ls, lij Aartli Cw|4aliiei-it„ cej-r
Kinzf*.
C*OKSALB~OR «nXT-OX!«r.\Tß.*sr. I WILT
I *HI bit Sroep»r*t«ra.nfTUlTen(or««tock.*nl
l<-a»f* of ttnre. Ingnlr»at-MM Phtlrl>»nr.
tHUI SAl.K—«»lt- t" RENT—T'Vti uTEuaM"
;nrw brfelcbouM*. ifl |tx>ni», nH njoOsrn lniprov*>
nKDtn; faoUJr*. iu Ku'lh-DlTlilno. nMt
and Lincoln •t-linol BALX>'VI2»
tl Vl*. Xu. ill Xortlt wr Kintn*.
PhCsalk-oktu rent— rtnsT-ciAa*s UAir.
lilerfronl !t~u»« on 9oa<h Sldr.
Tlip-f oji.blit-tcaou U» rimm*.
(i.iwl 'uni* iKtnt* I! ro«u.
C'H>d Trains lion** 'rr*»wt»,'
SMITH A nviiU'KLL, Ul Soutji Paft-sr,
I,'uk >ALB*"~. F.AUUK 'IIVVELUMi HdVHK^
V <?lraJl t -v» J Jcaw lot. fT,.
•K'jjrCJt bargain.-.Apply «n prnmes si o*o-, JS:
Mofcau.
fTORi>ALR~I)(;iLDtXO UK
,LnlJ'r J l aeiiifr,.willil i •fMrt' lannrof cfDUnd,.
•U~&'3a*o'l K>'> Hgtldloci y«r« ami tbr»*r
•rtnrlrr, tiiwa*. ao<l wrl! «Japt**l to nunr kimli ot
bnsinrsr rnjuirtns' wucli rooty. .Inquire «>n -th«
;nniitt*. 0. UDELL.
L»OB xsu CEAsE. i 2. AJ«I> 3i
r Soutii t l nio»i.*r.,'op^ l »lt9 Vufica .Skaliun. Will
•*•11 cj»«p..-T, EI.tUtIDOK. 62 ffrtt MaUiaon.
Fun 3ALB~CRKTHA(j Un-n-IL-.a.-iAVEST
31a>f;a.)Q.tt. Bfrrp Aaac
riffc-*.(j, I, CLTDfcsOALf. -101 West’ Wubh){*
Cou-atv o
SUBtTRBAKRXAIa ESTATE.
Oil SALU-FISE hUBUIBAN RYSIDESUS.
•oifal U f«r one, (r tfirra faniliM, with fin*
aid*!*. and- -orchard. CLAPLI?i URUS.. 7Ai jiadi
»n-i. v
t 7 ol: iruCaK (XEWj. n A v.
4n**tKl>tr<w>uu. H» tul*tu'*« nm; in JO)
monthly romietua, (OtAFUN BROS, 25s 3Kdi
-o i a>.
DOIt LK-AT Wo »DLAVVS-nofSK KUl>-
r ni-lirtj cuniiljie, if Oh everythin? ready fb»,
lum«-b(H-plnc; burn. horan and bu-.’gr; cinr and
*nm< lent feed fur.tf>Bt«-a r Apply *|rrir rioutfi Sati
gtnittn I*. 1
!?«H SAL3.-TWO, UOQD DWELLINGS .VC
P Evauatun.. Ca&bctudat tmpo. JL FOMXER,*
Ho. IVChtnut-el. r
ty ATTTEP Tti RBKT.'
ttTASTIiD-UaCSESibfOßt*. AND lioJIHS. 1
*f hsTo’calll ’pvanf. TtftQX ,iu iba Oar.-and e*n
-inrayoa tmul Ooaati,-If you wit) le»ru'Jrscnptjnn
of r»>nf plu«r* af my•pffico. £U3fCSIi U. STILE;.'
113 Wr*t-ltaf>dolph;»f.
Waxtbd-tO rk.stVob. p“cnciiAai6*-uS**’
black waluot marljr.iop ebambaf ael.of brd-.
«tradr imraati. vaslwtaiiir. and apriuya* Aour»aa
d. WlbsaN. HIS Prairie-av.
•\T7ANTKD—IIOTBL—I W.»NT TU RKSr OB
burauc tha Va*« of ahotrllir *niaThtlFlnn
u«d lj L)V* itrAllQDaeora. Can aJJrr«;-lur twir
-lay*. I* D-B, X)-*etiport. Jowa- :j
TCTA«<TWi --t« HK^T—A LARUK KIItST«CI»ASS
IT iieuwt.vriliia Hi* blocka «1 tfcb VVwtJidrli*
bra or: 339*. Wat SjdlMn***-*, Vx rrll4«»ia party:
«o'ni<i board a aOiWU iata|lVf Tor rvui. or part, CaU.or
**lrpti*WaaTK.Te.- QTCO, \V. K,MKn*U>.
IttANiki) —xo best Ruott urrrmraT
1 liianl. an thaSuuib
md«Vb« writ farnlaiinß AJJfyaa.K K, Arcbec-ar
tirANlfi-LFOItKISIIEDaiI UXPDBMSHRD
T?i hiui«r, Jn tb«* .nrtrtborh'iod. of .Twrnty*
*oc*«ail*»'t..-N»dtii SuJ'. i*tf .a-firat-olaw; TojpUus*
Trooba. A Jdrcii Wia. .11. ,U_ iILCUIVOBE, .tai*
On>,d. Tborbar. V»* Stat«o*L
FOiAKOJ4L.
,\f uNHY -TU LyAN—ilV .I'UILLU'A A GUASD
i JOLIET, IH*INOIB.
TORENT-KOTTSEs!
ncrol Drexel-av. and e’: 'i v j' i\
or two families or bcardln? hnu?-.
A two story brick building, fitted an ;.i-i
wito all aoders mAChhierr. engine sc
A hreefraas house os Eiii?-nv. I-
LTsnl**r-ft,
‘p>Mti:3<T~A3«*W(V AND Rw;M‘ S I
1. him*-; witt* rnrt.t.Tn Improtca.f;i•-
Impure at fijt Fnlton-O. f*
'P-» RENT—HOUSE IN Goot>
1 Wmi Divi-i vn. fur.u:«i*r. f..c -mU l
muilialHr. Apnlv at S2I Fulton.,?.
kkst-a first-clas* -nj,.' l
I ■•ittaßiit derelliusirtt Bruolc«-*t.
i»i m«* n»w, .'or «ii<* c’-'-ap. At"«'v r
tv l«*K, R*tl E*t-te A cent. D-iwln n
Pniirhu<plae>’«n'l c«»U iaw Grove-ir. I
T" RRXT-NU. 3l<i WEST U'AStIJV;’• »i*
X m »rbl«*-lroni. only fs.w p.-r antic si. i
LTml*. Tl»i« I* a d-cided bargain. AUi
Imiiw*. office*, nn I Wa. H r.-ar 1 t
cd>-fed br A. KORVTS A CU.. ror:?*r )C
4inl Rimlolph-at Uoouin. v
rpo RENT—TWO SCORY oy ~r
-1 and furmtoro fur on ih« W-.f c,.t I
terms. JAJIJ.S R. aTOKKV i•» f
•I
»P RKXT-T \.>M.\LL liLblo:; I'Mti.y
I tr. hau-M- I rmwi. na>*ccd tv vS
1C slit aheap. 9 l-l'i Ifop ijru.ur-*.'.
TV* RICNT-A FFCNISIIBD IIOF'K OF
—Uie witule nr in Pi*r. with lurt,;|tir.
its n n-w Wn>eter ft U'iNoq madiiuj for *u
I i-ply at lit West Adamant.
'pj rest-houses, furnished
1. furnltbetl.ou Sotitli auj W.-»; jj»d-* ni l t
FRANCO \Y. CORKY. S* >uto *f.
'I'O ISKNT-A LAIICK HOUSE Of ii 1;..'
I with modern Jmpruv-iiu-ut’
tuarilt-av. lii<jniro «*n prrmteos for U j
'POIiEST-A FINE LARGE HOU'E 1'
*X pluianwc part crK'*»o4fi.». uppodt- tli.
Extensiveground*. Ae. Low real. Apptr t«u
UATHIh'NK A CO., SO and 3.* South Can it
fjvi> BENT—A HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS. L-y
X c«o-«v,, fnrntthed or unforniibe-i, stutu
o uife. store, offices. o&bi>irdlui:liuiis.>. For?
J«r« apply on ilia premiss*.
'I"l KENT UKK.’Iv HOUSE OF THIU!
1 rooms and Inr. with barn. No. Mic',;-
oe*rT«enty-U th-at. SNYDERa LEE. r -it.
aruuU. N«a 9>oath HaUted*at. corner Uan!u
Masonic BttHdinc.
»|VO ÜBNT—A NICE COTTAUK. KUKM
X cmoplvte. with waUTnwl caa; iljo. a l.i,
Apply al 3xl Warren-av., corner of Robey at.
T’l) RENT—AND FURNITURE F<*|;
Cottage lIOUvJ, 7 ruoOU, ail good eii-;
dlo«etv: barn and cistern: prioj roa*oj.uU.-.
u H‘» Throopir. on Toes lay.
Tl» REST-A LA HOC FRVMK HUli.,!
L corn-r of Clinton and Kinzie-sts.. on;vj,, *l.
waukfQdepot; a splendid sit* for a hotel. hi
*rr«ngeovnt« can bo made wjth tka pro.-J
JOHN EMERSON, lai North Cv»al-s:.
*I'J RENT-HOUSE*AND Rod.Uo. Fl. UVla.
1- vM nuniruidied. «>u rh» North ur,,J
PIiII.LIPS 4 CHANDLER. red estate an a
•r.iter-. IF. W«t M t-llrm-st. j-
•Pc rent—v house Ki;nr ja**
X Apply at 03 South Jeff-raon-st.
'pO RCNT-»JOiH> HuL’SK WITH FUKM„ V
JL for sale. ll> iiso ronlaioing Weton
UMl’ uulil the ftm of 31 ay. I Txi West A.Jaiii-*-*
ri> RBNT-lIOU.'E OF SINK RuCHS; 4
era improTi-iaoaU. Furultnr- f.ir *d». 1,
it dm 3 alore corner Taylor ant Uln«
'PO RENT-FORMER HOMESTEAD OK »l>r
X B. NMlllntus. at Like Forest* embraciii.: .i
warn, chickeit house, etc and nb<mc ui;>< i
ia« n park an t g*r4.<n. Price Jf.Vi p.*r
>-ro the lire. Apolr io K A. RD’K.-• v
st.urbr null us. it. williams*
Forest.
♦no KENT TWO-sTOKY AND DAsK'L
L house l'.C Tvaniy-Kixtli-st.. no ir Slate; al-
»f a brtek dwelling No. Ai3 Wirn-a-ar. cn-
V.V\n LINDA. A. 31. L. Ex. Office, 3!s W.,t
d\'tph*st.
I»0 REST-FURNISHED HOUSE OF In R
L with barn, No. TaTwenty-aecoJulat.
I'O RENT-OR FOB SALT. FURNISH r.D D
of eight rooms and burn; fnrultnrj acd a
•»U or not. l-W. Pralfie-av.
rno BEXr-ASD FURNITURE FoR s. 1
X cheap forcuh. a nice iw.» «wry Imnu* of
ruumi. Uaih room* and all m Hloru iaipromn--
«ilh Urg.M’arJ and barn. Apply on prcml.-oi,
Induna-ar.
'nil REST—A TlVO*St>i;V IIJITHB. N'.._
X' Pirt ar.. near Kot<or, nluu tojuk. bitli r
\c. Knnilmri* for a»l«. Po«*esslu;i i:ti.u:li»=
Ap?ly on iho pr«fni»r« at 12 o’clock or after, o:■
day.
ti-th-st. Apply to H. A. 3IUSIIKB. Oltico of P*
mm p4taci> Car Co., corner of Euhto.-oth-s;.
Pralrto-ae,
rno INDIAN A-AV.. NK\ It Kt«
X tr«nth aa, 3-alory and hnek haiem-mt t>
tud b-uu. la jutu of UUSs X rUllill'e, loru-r i'i'
m<l TweUth-at.
rpy liKNT—FUKNIHtIED HOU*B AT Kl.
X U.M-I, Hyde Park; hon«e contains cat.
uiJ furnace. ApplytoD.il. FlaK. A v.'y,,sr 'S' l
VYashlscion**t.
r py HEST-PL’RNIHIIED AND L'NFI-ONI'". 1
X h<»«*»*. I:i>t<ure of (»EJ. U. S'ElVl>i.’ltV,
Aabtaii-ar.
'isu.uen pi-ryii a private Fonhv os;.’
X a two alorf Ooiuj of r >om«. completely f>tru
nl for hoiiMkwpiutc. on Ad-inu.«f., lic ir s^ugmi
L I* >.irdtuc«a *a«j tceepsr* ihjj-1 no; npp.>. U
a itilj l-rnu, hit b<e» reVrj fit r
riIEODJIIE UCtll.VTZ.Affl:> \Z Rand Iph-.i-
pj uRNT-rißn*'CL.vis iioi't;: of
L ra.»m». fnrnUhe*! or unfurnished. Thr.Mia
.-orttn* nn flr -t fliwr. Can all to nael i i on r S
Third av.
tpi) RENT—IIOUHE AND IURN.
X i»cit ou; low rout. Apply ai «t>;
n» a.:; f-v Fit tsi'HE hocs.: of k
1 nun, IO; Pa-k-»v. A *plr r» .1 o
Monday. Price, b'st per mi>ut!i In alrau.
Ti{» UENT-OR niRH.vLE-EARCK ANDSM s 1
bnuM*. l»y J. 3l.\X VIdEES. s>.»
Philadelphia.
To uevt-v NE\T "r bo »»i
l'nUim>«r* T a p*riy t’l it will luj.- lin
rnr* 4<i i rnmc uH 'or Ii Jo-* ~»pi:i
wtw.li low r-nt. wiU fR'-V-vri f >r
TO RUNT-ROOMS.
•no •:k ;r-uou.MS ix an Ki.KiJvxi'
L hrtit w.th or wlnio it bi.irj u.‘ fur.iuti.-v. I
Wvtt l>il>u-il.
Liu R k ;.vr—iciMJis at 01 u.\Kr.ftv -ir.. nk\
tu pi» >l'« Oar.luu.
pO NICE VUiISKSKEu K-**
X tli winter, at M fa'iMitr-t'jjit t-st.
retortin'** required.
po u;sr-2ti ciurußr-AV.. six t skvb
J. roiißfc or Qiftinii*h7l. flint* iv,<
ho l»f o laipruvonieuta. Ktftami.tb'o pric*.
pj n;xr~Evuii plsvsvnt mtsi-m-;
L n n*. with piatrr, water in kltrn-n A;>i<
it 3i! *Vcjt J icki in-ar. Rif»r.*ncJ r-iu r> 1.
•po RE v T—TWO ruuNT UOJAH, SEITAH!
L for i •utlem «h aql wiir, ur.'>ro-ou.‘t«M:i
Mitl m n. 47 P.*ck Ciur;, nnr Wkhk-o-.K..
Cairo,
I'O KENT A LA ROE PtRLOR. Gun;'.'
fl»or, fu mimed nr u if trninhed. wall new.'
utlKiini, anitabla foe an oH-t-vU South 3lar-»s
n(«e<i *l-i li«oi «nl W uMnito i
•pa REsr-s*
i..ti'cu cutlasr; r»ut. AM por mouth. lu>iilr-
UlSlita-.t.
pO HENF-VN KLTJiVNC SsHTE OKROOM
I iu iu »rl/» front ax mionh>.’ w>:
f '>-<l 2:Ja hiuio*«a ceutrr, AJ4»«t*C. C.. ffibu;
to uMN'r- boou< xic4i»v rv txmi.
L wr'i firwtt*i-n» 171 \y
TOREKE-STORES. OFFICES*
TO RKST-OX sruiir; NO.:
L wiili offlro* nlwru; aim dwelling* *ll l *ft.<r.-«
»nrii«< pir;» of Hk« citr* CLvFLIN Buys
Madia *o 9ft*
TO ItKXT—STORE 19. H\|X.>r,. COUNSU
X Lfiom. miublo for *njj6fr cr »aJi>oa. alMvi:
tmTcouutjra In «u>r«.
TO RENT—OFFICE UOOJL FEU
»t 73J fl*dl4oa-iL- CL.VFMX BUO3*. To,*
«m4t.
To UEBT-XICE BJOM. FOB OFFICE; T.V
I* hrstrrnntroinHtircat. with t» U 4iJ; ft.j4r.l
?03*oat»i iln'
'ro KBjrr-A -buck' l.icxdry ox sxi
4. Sf'le, (uaftrirvat l.n*nl/-»r-al.
XU BKXT-TWO XKE PHo.VT RO'JJIA. SC IT.
hi* ft>r «00-a. to good loo.iltmi. \l<o. tv.
ruo-1 l>n*»iaeoi |br. liarbcr *I»»d orany cl.- in »m- 4
Inquire »t U» SootUJoff.TSJB-tt., earner J-tc 1
•on. r. uUkusoujik. I
T' J STU .its, U.JK X K
l8».lSno»*«i.. Apply, s£.-vi-^.v;
A)S,3i* JitktQTßStr.
•r»o iLKjrr-nr vietn .t u: vest ma:>
L -04c*i imt hntwp th' Uv. t
IsniisbeHaiiilvHfMiUifitnl; at«v.* ;rersl flae b ireti.
iiifloowi fio.ilk.
T~O ISLVND-AV.. SIX **l
rouiuC-«atiatii«*ichhr U>r arcoit-cts* ottla-.
uotoßf«|>!iic call ftj. 'Apply vvv*t IMfc.st.
'PO"irEN*t-CHBAI’rLAUGE HUICK .<r»:
wldi iwy baietuenta ami suicbiui.%
mj 13n ,Vor:h
i:KNr-tfiirKE l.u:gb Bound. cunxe;
.cJ. «m tlw fit*t flu ir. Mr otttc-*- 2*l ll\c uzv» i
T l UKST-{.V\t ’orPICB, TO!) STATS-ST.! 1
.XAUCIS H; O’IUIJiSNAN. Lawyer.
f PO KENT—bOCTH-J*IDK STORE;—t*F r-l
i- b.-«t*li«rt*<(r\U»i»_SanUi Si*U t« r-Mit, fjr I 0.-
jU» West Madiaon. Ai i.o
OAUE X CO., Trib:iao»»m n>.
FOR SALE.
FOU AAI,E—TUK LKVSK AND FL UMTI-UE i
ili**au.-«WVr*n37 Tlifr.l cheap (urvai
Rent fjn-par mouth, U'alar uni cat in bou.
I’rcwiM rirultnra. tnijfl; co-t iMi ..n« m-ush
4oofl oeltfOwh-w;' on-* block from burnt dHtru;
Foil SALK-A SINGLE cyUNHKK TaYLO
PrMi. 'Unf 71x41. in cuinDla o working ontcr.
patdly3.ua imptnarloai par Irmr. with fir. rolf
«tnil c»'jQUTalu/t»;is tuVl to make rn<-ci to? dual.
jUnnar; t!
.•V*o«t lil.ilXßlmOm -Apply M V. iIAI.NK, U.iti
Sff. M±. ,aVi• ■o;
Fob spCksdid a-sron
»a 4 basao*«nt on A>lmuvv... -ur»r
«m l’-*rk; 1» room*; ehoap. Infinlroai 2U £i-liso:
O. U«-art}n»t(i3t(jc3^,t>rt;-
L-OR S.\».K-JiA‘DAStV 80-iK. ANI» NKW
T Pre ea. 27x17?.twotroMer*; In or lor.
bjr.’ain. I'itATX BUOTtJE&K 2larll-or», Jla**.
Eoit aALfctattxu' LOT' FL'itNirvu:
cbnp; Kirrasb, an,rtlui njii-t Icto.
new; Apply at atiiro34j> HtviM
pl\>c« VUJSSALK, REST. KEIMIUINC? AS
1 ttorias at tU<s Culc»«o I'Uno t'octory, r‘A Ita
m pb»OI.. br 4.
'DOB 'HALB-T'VQ-lIUBSE TUtiAJ>.“pu»VaJ
l- woou'«aTr|nc-ma:hfnj; ou truce. i«V »n<J b.-l
aomiloDv at halt -valtbi. A. ALLIiOIiV Tl d«w«t
btWMI. I-
‘L'Oli .'•ALa—*UOv t-.AViAI t kl.a of i,v4Dm
C at *p.W-'jbcrMlM)U*tttX. U- lb.
North t*r;pUtrr.<C.
lon tiiah cu-t, Ti'.as
1 ,3a l**rTT-Vxapaclfr. n»whrict mn*bln<* f.
naa..: GBUt 11. lIJCSJf,- r«e{drQew 3*9 WifrLHi-aT. O
H-OKSALE-O SEIX>.\D-lIAN'P CAKI'ETd ATI
FOR ffALE-I'AULOK rCU.S\*UuKi .«L
4rat<cl4*4<*win«tuaeM'i9Btnai2nri<;eL a* 1 a
nboaC t»aa|ii« ttnaUa. SK*-f
jQtsxaucxioy.
t iirA)AtK9raXRK(?;TS ’tM'iitt OK.Til*: uC
Aj-t*rand hanji.', wiaiu. auJ wCu
■Wiililut ih&tuaiFtieahMtOiis. to adbeatuim *i
at 13 £eHJh HaUtra-at.
|g AOWJ: MOTT WILL
1 W-Kain'eSj-oi «.o«air WJ~*
0
I
C :stii.'
v w

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-16 page 6 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-16/ed-1/?sp=6 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:47Z ========

BBh
THE WATER SUPPLY.
The larger Engine to lie Re
stored to Service at Once.
A Supply of Eighteen Million Gallons
per Day Promised by the Mid
dle of the Week.
Nest to the supply offood to tbo starring, and
shelter to tho perishing, tba question of water Is'
the all-abiorblcc one. A feverish uneasiness
upon till* subject pervades tbo enlito city, for no
y one cm tell at what moment the conflagration
may be resumed In tho West or the remaining
portions of the South Divisions, with no power
j to check the progress of tbo flames, Tbo steady
I rain of Saturday afternoon and evening was an
inestimable blessing, ss it filled up cisterns
emptied by the months of dry weather, and en-
ailed everybody tocollect asmall stock of water
y against the need which might arise at any in*
slant. Still, our condition in this respect is one
of almost absolute helplessness, since, with the
exception of the districts Immediately adjacent
to the river, the fire engines would be practical
ly uid.« in dealing wttb afire. Not until the
V*. regular water supply is resumed will Chicago
breathe free, and it was with reference to galhcr
j ing the molt reliable information upon this sub
i*.*’ that a Tbibuke reporter, on yesterday,
r, visited
THB WATER WORKS.
Here was lean d an extraordinary sccno of ac-
tivity. A force of nearly three hundred of the
1- Lest machinists in the city ha* been col*
I icteu ttad divided iato day and night sets, .so
T that tbo work is not allowed to fisc for an in
sunt. A dose examination of affair* bo* re*
voaled the fact that tho largest of tbo throe on-
dues—tbo one situatid in tbo northern part of
i tie building—is bat sliguliy damaged; at least
it can be tuliy restored. that we are spared
iu«K.ng nnd dangerous delay which would be
involved in case it were necessary to put In an
oaiin ly new vngin*. Under the able and sleep
less supervision of Mr. tYegier, Chief Eogiuecr
of the Water Work?, Mr. Cbesbrough, City
I*- Ki.gmccr, and Mr. Locke, Asfistant Eo
ginccr in tbo Water Department, the
I■' monster engine is oelng rapidly and thor*
i i ouguiy overhauled in a'l its parts by
_I- the army of skilled mechanic*, which has
been organised for the purpose. The
complicated machine, with Its wilderness of
detai-a and connections, is being completely
iitomitei. each separate'part, no matter bow
1 minute, undergoing the tn.-.strigid acruing and
repair. No.bing is slighted or hurried over, for
upon me integrity of tfio parts defends thoulili*
ty of the whole. PortuuaieJy, the foundhtions
were no: disturbed, and tbo ergino can oe re-
T paired as it stands. The pumps beneath, aod
me conacciiocs with the Jake tunnel, are for
the most part intact, only requiring repacking
1 and reconciling. All these rtnificatious bad
uco-.v more or less injured, to be sure, bat not so
much sc, but that toe engine can be sot in opera*
non, and continued until other arrangements
cm De perfected.
THE CAPACITY
of the cogicc upon which wo must dip:nd for
■ur water supply during the next eis moDthi at
least, is eighteen millions ol gallons per day.
wliic-i will be more man auGcieut to give the
remaining portion of mo city aa entire
ly aoquate supply of water. with
m strong a head os ever before. Direct con
nection will be made with the South bulo
through the twenty-four-inch main which
crosses the river at Stale street bridge; while 1
the creat main along Chicago avenue and pas
sing through the tunnel under the north nrauc
a: that point, will provide f.-rthe West Divi
sion as betore. The unbumt district of ttu
S>dc will be supplied through the-Ivjrth
Clark street main.
THE TIKE.
Everybody is Intcseiy eager to know the pre
cise day and boar at whies the supply ot lake
water will he renewed. For fear .ol disappoint*
tuent by reason of some difficulty not now con
templated, the Board of Public Works desire
tb-vt uo explicit promise be made as to the
time. Enough, however, was learned by our
tei'ortei, on yesterday, to warrant tbe state
ment that by the middle, .or, at tbe furthest,
the latter part, of the present week, the large
cueme at the Water Works will be in running
order. furnishing the city with a complete sup
ply ut pure lake water.
TUB WATER TOWER
AOS, ITAlf.lk i v ~u
aojacent to the Water Works, and to tno top of
wu.ch me water is forced for the purpose ot giv
ing to it toe bead requisite to carry it to the up
per «torie» of buiiumgs, la wholly uninjured,
sind stands in readiness to perform its important
part. The time required to repair the engine
v. ill be profitably employed elsewhere by setting
to u«rk a large lorce laborers, under compe
tent supervision, to domch connecting mains and
service pipes in the burnt districts, so that
tm-rc w iU bo no waste when tbo water is turned
on.
TE«*C»BsET'KXPkI>U?KT3
still continue to be resorted to in order to fur
cisti as much water as possible. Hallway loco
motives and fleam fire engines arc rigorously
encaged iu forcing water into the street mains
from t:ie river, and tho resmt is that a moderate
supply of water, suitable lor general domestic
purpuSce. as w«*ll as a safeguard against fire, i»
being ottained iruin the basement hydrants even
in the most remote parts of the city. The
uuburut portions of the North Division arc
in-tug provided for as fast as possible, la addi
tion to the supply from the artesian well* at lb»
Ncrmwestcru BUUHcry, tho water from the or*
lesion well nt Lincoln Park is being diverted
into the street mains. Go Saturday Assistant
Engineer L-ckc, with a large forced xncn.be*
gau toe toying oi six-inch mains from tbe well
in Lu-Cjlo i'ark along the eurfaca of tbegrouna
to the corner o( Bolden avenue and Clark street. 1
and, it was expected that the connection would
be completed on yesterday, provided tho pipe
could be hauled fast enough to keep the men at
nerk. Toe Lincoln X’atkjrell flows about 710.000
gallons uaily. and the 'Northwestern Distillery
well about too,ooo gallons daily, nod between the
two a tair supply will be provided.
BOABI) OF TRADE.
Meeting on Saturday—Bemarks of W. B.
Ogden, Colonel Hughes,
and Others.
A meeting of a portion of ibo members of ibe
Chicago Board of Trade, was held on Saturday
morning at Standard Uall, on the corner Of
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth street, the oh.
j tcl being apparently to indneo tbc whole board
to reconsider tbo action by which rooms were
taken in the West Division for the use of tbc
board. P. L. Underwood was appointed Chair
mao, and C. Counsclman Secretary.
H0,.. W. B. Ogden being present, was invited
to freak. He addressed himself to efforts said
0 have beer, made by certain parties (oseeure
he rebuilding of the Chamber of Commerce and
t e Court House, in Ibo West Division. Such a
t-*ur«c would be suicidal to the best interests of
touch''. He spoke ol tbo early history of the
oit y tilling bow the people once got into a legal
-rar! about the building of the first swing bridge
over the river. The South Siders were afraid
that the North Side people would get a share
cl the business ot tbo city. They afterwards
lound mat there was enough for both, i
.Nearly the same feeling was exhibited on the in
troduction of railroads into this city: and peo-
tde of Northern Indiana were terribly alrald
that tbo building of the Michigan Central Rail
road wauld spail the chances of the Michigan
Siuthcrn. buch policy was very short-sighted.
There j s room enough for all sides to grow up
again, without the people of one division trying j
1 «tca! that which belongs to another section, i
Tbc speaker had made up bis mind that the citj I
mu»t b: rebuilt, and was prepared to help In the
work. Ho was afraid that some of (be f«od» j
contributed had been disbursed unwisely. He I
«aw no u-e in lying back idly and waiting for
palatial mansions in which to do business. They 1
could work just as well in a shanty as in a mar
tie bouse, till they could afford to put up the
latter He hoped there would be no collision be- 1
tween bodies and sections; ti.cy should unite to
a*k tor loam with which they could open up I
again and if the outside world saw that they
were united, bo did not doubt all the capital rc
nuired would be willingly furnished, if we
can only keep from being plundered by the jack
als around us, five year* heaco will
see scarcely a trace of the present des-.loii<m:
ten years tram now tbo place wilt bo better off
than a month ago, and fifteen years in the tutu
*->u city will hare a populat.on of half a mil*
Hat inert is great deal of work to be done be
lore these rcsolu were accomplished. Xbe de
rcl pmoLt of the West bad been cooraow in
the i.n«.u He found tbc records oftho Emigra
tion CmJm'tlecs, beginning about IStO, showed a
total of lijO.wO persons, almost, ,eacb ot whom
b oe .t s2W into the country, brine a total cash
iirportctiun 0t550.W0.000, of which the regular
cjiumcicval take no account. Culcag-
i hn. bad her lull anaro ofthi* benefit and most
bare it r.eain. The city was so much poorer to
IS3S and 1529 than now that be coaid not draw
tnt comparison. Hu landlady canid noifurntsb
•hem 'ood. though three dollara would boy dlu
utr enough fur thirty people. Tocre waa no
money to bo bad in thoae days; now there 1*
plenty 01 money in the world, and a readiness
io in the sufiercra have the DM of U.
Raolxtd, That a meeting of the member* ot
the Aioaru ot Trade oe hereby called for 10
o’clock, Monday, a. m.. in this lull, for the con
r.dcrauou ci rostlera pertaining to the interests
uf the board.
It was then propujai to sign a paper, pledging
tho*c present to meet in the hall of meeting.
Cjluucl 11. JJ. Hough said there wsa no neeea
sitr to take so much trouble. All the grain, the
naved streets, the banks end the capitai was then
tomb ol IVclfth ureot, nnd they mail mee tas
near it a. poßiible till IWCMId S«t back on lb=
old Bile. Tory coold not irork on the West Side,
lie recommended them to drop nil tqaahbhn,
ana no to trork. drop nil ipeculntlnt on proper
t ty, and uso tbetr money lo more produce, from
tuc terms to the people who want to eat it. XI
they would only go lo work they would hare no
time to squabble.
The meeting then adjourned, and re-organised
I a cilixe&s* meeting, with the same officers, it
was adaressed by Henry X- i>low, £*q„of Cin
cinuati. and others.
SEW CHICAGO
Susseatlonaon Bebuildinß. by
C. Houston, of the United
States Engineers.
To the EdUor of the Chicago Tribune
The spirit displayed by ibe business men of
lhiß c i t y i a rebuilding is astonishing, and desert
j ns of tfac highest praise after a calamity so ter
a jjjjic a, tho xcceat conflagration. That Chicago
T will rise again, and not only resume her old po
sition, hot become in time the first city on this
continent seems to me to be at certain a* the
3 perpetuation of cur government and tbe increase
of our population.
3 It should bo bemo ia mind, at this time, tba fc
j that there were certain defect in tho plan of Cbt-‘
cage, arising from the rapidity of its construe
lion which seemed bsyoud remedy, except at
enormous cost; hnl now it is possible, by consid
ering me subject in time, and taking advantage
<ot tne experience of other cities, to make such
T-rearrangements as will make the plan and ae
commcdations of tins city suitable for the
1 metropolis of America.
The present burnt district, on tbe South Side.
•J J is by universal content, to become tbe ecqtro
jt'tiiecity, and every consideration indicates
it should be to. Wet* tho whole city to be
*J taid out new. tbe natural features of .the conn
Irr and the railroad communications would points
V. u i, c South Sido as the centre. The boslnes
operation* will commence here and radiate as
heretofore to the south, west, and north, bat
more to the couth, owing to the fact that tbe
,-coromnnieatlon is oninlerrnpUd by natural ob
li-taeles. Into this centre hundreds of thousands
ut people will pour daily, coming irota the resl-
P jence portion of the the auburbt, and. tbe
•linhole country.
s There is always, in great cities, an immense
li amount of lim* lost in going to and Irom basi
ns. and, in the absence of proper accommoda
tions for doing business, after the business
nuDitoU- reached,- Persons familiar with the
n city cf New York understand this fully. Two
itur three hours of tho day are consumed in trar
tlUnctoandfro, and, owing to the crowds in
fa.be street*, the contracted markets and places
of exchange, the time required to transae- bos
r- ‘ine«sis doubled and trebled.
i« Vow tbo points which cccm tomctoT, con-
afajVn be fully prov/\;A for.
steam communication from tho centre of busi
new to the suburbs. to be ao arranged as not to
obstruct the street travel, or bo interrupted by I
it. This moat essential element of a modern
metropolis can never bo secured or arranged I
for so well as at present. I
1 Second. Tho arrangement of commodious nod
central depola for the great lines of railrosua
centering in the city.
Third. A commodious levco along the rlvor,
I for pablio docks, a grand market, and n grand
I Plata, where all can go without paying tribute.
Instead ol having buildings built close down to
the river bank, let there be anopooapaco on
each side ot tho nwr devoted to tbu above
purpose*.
Fourth. The great loading lines of business
should bo consolidated or concentrated on cer*
tain streets running north and south. I'bere
should be aCnaneial Centro, n drygoods centre,
a hardware centre. &c.
Fifth. An open square for public meetings and
outdoor business. The Court House square sug
gests itself at once. Let tho Court House go
further south and leave the present square open.
Let it bo surrounded by banks, brokers*
offices, etc., and there will bo room ior every
body. These suggestions aro hurriedly thrown
out, but they should be considered, and a com
mittee representing gll interests should bo ap
pointed to draw up a scheme by which these de
sirable results can be recured. In Ibo rebuild
ing of tbo city tbcio manors can all bo ar
ranged for tho benefit of ait.
Tbo business portion of Chicago had already
become overcrowded with tuo street cars,
omnibuses.other vehicles, and fjot passengers.
Tbo limit of capacity bad almost been reached.
You believo in Chicago’s future, and a few
I minutes* rcfl.clton will convince any one that
I more space is needed for tho future, ond that
concentration and co-operation on tbo part ot
business men is necessary to make tho best use
l of tho grouud now available. Very truly yours,
D. C. iIOL'«TOX.
Msjor U. S. Engineers. Brevet Colonel l r S.
Army.
CtItCAGO. Oct. 13.1871.
MAfiXIFICEXT APPJ2AL
Address of Sew. E. E. Hale at a Meeting
in Boston on Wednesday Evening.
Rev. E. lisle being introduced by the May*.*
spoke substantially as follows:
Mr. Mayor and Gentlemen; It is but a single
rii-flo word that I bare to ray bore. I have
simply to remind you that this is no mero matter
of voting ia which wo arc engaged. 2 nave to
remind you that these people, our people in
Chicago, by their munificence. by tbolr generosi
ty. by their strength, by tbeir public spirit, have
made os debtors to them alt [Applause There
is out n mao here tho beef upon whoso table
yesterday was not the cheaper to him because
i these people laid out that world-renowned and
1 wondortul system of stock-yards. [Applause.]
X'hrro is not a man here the bread upon whose
t&bls to-day is also cheaper because these
people in the very beginning of their
national existence invented and created that
marvellous system for the delivery of grain,
which is the model and pattern of the world.
[Applause.] And remember that they wero in
a position where they might have said they held
a monopoly. They commanded the only harbor
tor the shipping ol the five greatest btatss ol
America and t&o world, and in (hat position
they have devoted themselves now for a genera
tion to the steady improvemoat, by every
method in tbeir power, ol the means by which
tooy were going to answer the daily prayer ol
every child to Godwneuwe pray that ho will
give us our dsily broad through tbeir enterprise
and their struggles. Wo call it tbeir misfortune.
U is oar misfortune. Wo are all, a»
tt has been said, linked together in a
solidarity ot the nation. Their loss is no
more theirs than i( is -ours in this
great campaign of peace in which wo are engag
od. .There has [alien by ibis calamity one of
our noblest fortresses. Its garrison is without
munitions. It for us at the iimtant to recon
struct that forinsj. and to sco that Its garrison
.loss well placed as they wero before in our
service. Undoubtedly it is a groat enterprise
out, as our friend bas said, wo can trust them
.or (bat. We are all fond of spcakiug ol the
miracle by which there in the desert there was
t created this great city. The rod of some prophet,
you soy. struck it. and this city flowed .from
l the rock. Who was the prophet? what
was the rock? It was the American
people who determined that that city
should bo there and that it should rightly nod
wisely, nnd in tbo best way. distribute the food
to a woild. [Applause.] The American people
nas that duty to discharge again. 1 know that
these numbers are largo numbers. 1
snow that when wo road iu the news
paper of tbo destruction of a hundred mil
lions of property those figures are so lareo that
re can hardly apprehend, Isut the providence
Gad has taught us to deal with larger figures
:ban those.and when now, cot many year* ago.
tt became necessary fur this country iu every
year to spend not a hundred millions, nuts
thousand millions, but nmo than a thousand
millions of dollars in a great enterprise which
God save this country in the duty of war—-this
country mot its übdgatian. And now that lu a
,iDgIo year we have to reconstruct one of the
fortresses of peace, I do not fear that this coun
try trill be backward In its duty. It has been
.ruly raid that the first du'y of all of us is
that the noble pioneers in (Uc
duty tbst God has placed in their bauds, who
are burned and suffering, shall hare food; that
By telegraph and .railroad they shall know that
•re are rushing to their relief; that their home
leu shall be under shelter, sod their nuked
clothed: that those who for these
.orty-eigbt hours have felt as if they were de
serted. should knurr that they have friend?
everywhere in God’s world. [Applause.! Mr.
(.'resident, as Qod is pleased to order this world,
there is no partial evil but from that partial
evil is reached the universal good. The fires
wbico our irieods have aeco sweeping in their,
western borixeo.ovcr the plains in the desolate
autumn* only bring forto the blossoms and rich
ness ol tbo next spring and next summer.
1 cm well believe that on that terrible night of
Sunday, and ail through the horrors of yesterday,
as those noble people, os those gallant workmen,
threw upon the fiames the water tbatthcirnobie j
aorks—mo noblest that America has seen—
enabled them to burl upon the enemy, that
they mast bare imagined that their work was I
iruitlesi, that tt was lost toil, to see that stream
ol water playing into the molten moss and melt
into steam and rise innocuous to to the heavens.
It may well have seemed that their work was
wasted, but it is sure that evil shall work out
as own cod, and tbo mists that rose from the
conflagration were gathered together for the
magnificent tempest of last night, which failing
upon those horning streets has made Chicago a
uabitable city to-day. [Applause.! See that
tue lesson for this community, sec that the
lesion for os who are here, that the horror and
mars with which wo read the despatches of yes
terday shall tend as out to do ministries o.
iratn and bounty and benevolence tu-day.
[Applause.!
•d
THE COURTS'
Ko Eegular Sessions for a Week—Mar*
riage Licenses, Etc.
It >8 understood that do business oftbo courts
will bo transacted tor a week at least, excepting
in Chancery. As the Chancery Court sits with
out reference to tens. 11 the Judges assigned to
the duty of Chancellors will hold sessions to
grant preventive relief. Chief Justice Jameson,
of the Superior Court, will hold a session to this
end, 10-day. at 10 o’clock until 11. and probably
will do likewise hereafter until the reorganiza
tion of the ojutls. Judge Farwoll and Chief
Justice Williams of the Circuit Court are da; ly
in the city to afford tike equitable relief. The
business of recording will cxuunenco this day.
Already a number of instruments has been band
ed In to the ex-officio lleeorder.
Quite a number cf persons arc uniting their
sorrows by marriage. The authorisation of
wedlock bas been tbo only class of labor .in
which the County Clerk’s office bas been busily
engaged for some days. Some twenty couples
uave received licenses sinco the fire.
The Criminal Court will be convened on Inc
drat day of the November term, which is the
earliest day (tbo October term baring lapsed), at
which legal convictions can bo had.
Action of Uu Illinois Association sit
Wuhinstou.
from tb« Washington Chronicle, Oct M.
The Illinois Republican State A--s-ci*lion.
fully alive to tbo pressing wants of the citisens
of Chicago, held a niceties in Masonic Hall last
evening* J. W. McNeil in the chair, and A. J.
Whitaker Secretary. Mr. McNeil, in a brief
speech, informed the association tor what pur
.*oao they were called together. He read the fol
lowing* which ho bad received from the' Secr
etary ot War: ’*l inclose my check forSlOO.tube
added to the funds of your association for the
reliefof sufferers by the firo in Chicago. Wil
liam W. Belknap, Secretary of War."
lion. K. C. Innnoll being called upon, said
that he understood that the city of Washington
wocld subscribe SSO.OUQ toward the relief ol the
sufirrers. It was all-important that the money
should bo tailed promptly and sent to the Mayor
of Chicago for proper distribution. _ Tbo State of
Illinois* be said, the richest State in the Union.
would respond liberally for her Chicago. It
would be useless fur him to attempt to describe
the want of money in that city at present lie
i sogg-sted that a committee of fire be appointed
to solicit subscription* in the city and Depart
i meets. II the money was subscribed he ssld be
could obtain tbo money on the list from the
First National Bank.
i The chair appointed as the Committee on Fi
nances Zion. K. C. lugertoU*-Janitts Simmonds,
J. |i. Seville, Colonel A, 11, Holt, and Captain
K. T. Bower.
The chair then, on motion, appointed A. J.
Whitaker, George Marsh. Jr., Q. Bdw»rd«,
j.' B. Atkinson. Charles Scott, J. C. Willis. The
odore Lamb. George Wiswald. and B. F. Haller
s committee on subscription, with (all power to
appoint sob-committees.
The list was then opened and the following
cash subscriptions received: JS. C. IngerSoll.
flDO: \V. W Salkaap, r:CO: fc*. C. Herrick, S3:
C. B. Webster, $5; James W. Snnners.fS; U. H.
Edwards. $10; James Newlands, $5: S. T. Dal
las. $5; Willism M. Mitchell* $5; Gen. Marsh,
$5; C. Thomas. $5: A. 0. Wiley. $5: Junius
Simmons, S5; Charles Butler* 85: W. W. Hayes,
$5; A. F.Bower, III 1 J. M. llioekley. $5; U. K.
Edwards. $5; J. B. Atkinson, for Second Audit
or’s Office, $45; J. H. Saville, S2O: James C,
Witwell* $100: Lewis Kcinburg* $6; A. S. Whit
inker. $lO, and J. M. McNeil, $7.
The snbscriptiens, with the cash, amount to
(60Q, wbich will be sent to Chicago by lion. K. C.
Ingersoll to-dav. Mr. Ingcrsuli desires to have
it enlarged as much as possible, and lor that
purpose he and tbo committee will be at tbo
office of Kilbourn A Laita* corner of Fifteenth
.and Qsttaats, till 3p.ro. to-day,where they will
be moat happy to receive contributious, Checks
can olid -be mo t-ie hiscredrtto the First Nation
al Bank.
The Baltimore Ohio' and tbe Marietta A Cin
cinnati Railroads have notified Mr. McNeil that
they will transport all goods tree to tbe Chicago
sufferers. Persona baving clothing to contribute
will please send it to the store of Messrs. Yates
«k Wls well, Ko. 310 Seventh street northwest,
who hare kindly volunteered to pack it end scud
t to Chicago.
Mr. W. X>. Kerfoot
Chicago (Oct. IS) D«p*lcb to the Clocinoavi 1
qnlror.
To Mr. W. D. Kerfjot, rcil estate dealer* for
merly of Cincinnati, belongs the-credit ol pul
lice up the first building in the burnt district*
at No. 89 Washington street, the site of iiia
former Hook. To*day bis building, ut rough
boards, covering au area of about twenty square
yards and one story high, is up. aad the wiud.-w»
and doors are io. Over the door appears the
following lerend: **W.D. Kerfoot, real estate
dealer. No. 89 Washington street." Ou another
part olthia building is painted in rough charac
aeters this characteristic sentence; “Lost ah
but wile aadchildreu and energy.’ In another
tUoee is -painted “Kerfoot’s Block,*’ la large let
leS‘r. Kcrfoot gives the JoUovicg graphic ac
count of kii escape from the fire with his wife
godchildren: “Beioglhe owner ofahone and
carriage which I used to go to and fro from my
business, when 1 became satisfied that my house
would soou be enveloped, 1 brought my horse
and carriage before the bouse, and placed my
wife and children in it. There was then no room
for me, to 1 mounted the back of the animal
and acted as postillion. While driving
through the dame and smoke which en
veloped us on all hands, I came across a
gentleman who bad bis wife in a buggy, and was
between the thills hauling it himself. 1 shouted to
him to bitch bit carriage oa behind mine, which
he did. and then got in beside bis wife. I then
drove forward as fast as I could, for tho fiaaes
were raging around os- After proceeding a
short distance another gentleman was lound
standing beside the street, with a carriage wait
ing for a hone, which was not likely to come. I
directed him to fasten on behind the second car
riage, which he did, and lu this way pro whipped
FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
FIZVAXCIAL MATTERS.
New fork Stock and Bond Market.
Tho following were telegraphic quotations on
Saturday, Oct. U:
FIRST BOABD.
N.Y. Central 87*4 Sixes. 188».. 115%
Heading 104% 5-20s, 1862 „U4%
Kock Island 97% 5-20s, 1861 -113%
Northwestern 51 5-20s, 1865 114%
Like Shore 93% 5-20s,now, -112*4
Pacific 45% 5-203,1507,,, 112%
W. Un 56% 5-20*. 1863..., -1125*
Wabash 55% 10.40s 109%
Union Pacific. 24 Currency Gs 11l
Eric 2T% I Gold 114%
Loxnox, Oct. 14—11 n. in.
1 C insol« 92%® 92% I 5-20s, cx uiv .89%
New York. Oct. 14,12a*m.
I SECOND BOARD.
N. Y. C 87% Lake Shore,
C. Jk P -115 Pacific 457$
Adams.,., 81 St. Paul 54%
M. C ,115 W, U 56ft
Uuck l?Utid 97% Wabosn s»ft
Northwestern 55% Gold U-IJ6
Tho Financial Prospect.
Banking operations arc entirely suspended
yet. With the exception ol tbo Union Stock
Yards National Bank and a email savi-gs bank
on Twenty-second street, there was n>t a money
lending r deposit-receiving institution open for
t business during tho whole of last week. Large
t amounts of both currency and bills of
exchange have been offered to tho effi
CJra of the various National Banks o*
deposit, nil of which they bare been
obliged to refuse because they have no place to
keep si. Almost the only places of deposit have
been the few private vaults and safes remaining
i in tbe parts ot tbo city not destroyed by tbo fire.
A good deal **f the ready funds for which no
1 ;>1 tee of deposit could bo found here has f>mo
to Milwaukee. and n large proportion of the
i few financial transactions made hero In the last
I three days bavo been through the Milwaukee
banks. Tho National Banks of Ibiscity will prob
ably make no definite announcement of tho
1 c*'Uiss they will pursue,individually, until alter
their conference with the Comptroller of the
Currency. but wo believe wo ore
safe ia saying that they will
all be open for badness before Wednesday or
Thursday. Tbo Comptroller of tbe Currency.
11. K. Ilulbutd. Esq., arrived biro from Wash
ington on Saturday evening al 6:to, to
confer with tho National Bi.ikj. 11c, was the
gue t of 21. K. Gallup, Esq., on Indiana uve
uue, near Eighteenth street, on Saturday night.
Tue financial prospect has continued to gr.,w
more and more encouraging every d-*y since tbe
tuiddlo «.f last week. The safety of almost every
dollar of money and securities in the vaults of
ibe batiks has been assured, and tbe prospect r»r
the payment oi losses by insurance companies is
vastly more encouraging than It was three or
lour days ago. Toe English companies will
pr .bably piy tbo whole of their losses promptly.
A Hartford banker writes that ail tho Hartford
companies will poy their losses as ,soon ns ad
justed. from what we can glean in regard to
tbo New York companies some willloso their
enl.re capital, but on the average they will be
Able to pay 80 or 90 per cent. Western companies
wilt not torn out so well, but will all beanie
to pay something. Even our Chicago companies,
all of which are busted,” will eventually be
able to pay a little, aud, on the whole, wo be
lieve that 75 per cent cl the insurance losses will
bo paid. This will not, of course, pay that pro
portion oi tho loss of property, because, on tbe
average, the property destroyed was insured for
but little over half its yaluc, but even Ibis af
fords a much more favorable prospect (ban was
presented a few days ago.
New Banks.
The many Iriendsof Goorgo Smith, Esq.. who
(Tss for 00 many yean a banker in Chicago, but
who fur S ima years past has been in bcotlaud.
will be interested to learn that he baa started
back to Onicago to open a bank*
A despatch has been received from Mr. Angus,
President of tbo Bank of Montreal, to a friend
id this city, stating that bo has sent no agent to
Chicago to establish a branch bank. The Bank
•if Montreal is, as is veil known, one of the
Heaviest money institutions in the world, and
ought to be able tu afford our merchants largo
facilities for business. Tno capital of too bank
is *6.000,000; surplus, 53.Uti0.060; deposits, $21,-
000.000. The stock of tao bank sold las; week
lor 238.
Besides tbo, two obovc instances, wo bear of
two other projects to start new private banks
witu ample capital. One of these is by a IV ci
tern capitalist who can pntnl least 560U.003 m
cash lands into the business, but whoso uatucwe
are lor the present not at liberty to mention.
Judging by want we hear of these various pro*
jects, it seems not improbable, that, csido fnm
'he proposed branch of the Bank of Montreal,
fJ.OOO.OjO or £4000,000 of new capital not hitherto
engaged in banking will come to Chicago wilbin
the nest month or two, to bo used as additional
uaok capital. The great surplus of floating
capital which was so freely offered for
.ovestment all summer in the principal
money markets of the world has found no satis
factory investment yet, and the opportunity
offered lor using it in legitimate and permanent
hanking basiuoss in Chicago will draw millions
neru which would not havu come while our ex
isting banks wero in lull operation and in pos
session ot tbo field.
Banka and Bunk Vaults.
Tbe vault of tbe Union National 'Bank has
been opened, and every dollar 01 money and
every book and paper fouul as perfect as when
Putin. The inside of tue vault was sot heated
at ad, and even a candle lets in the vault was not
melted.
—The vaults of the Northwestern National
Dank and Corn Exchange National Bank were
opened on Saturday and everything found to bo
P Loan and Trust Company
have opened their money vault and found every
thing pcrlectly preserved, bat their book vault
was destroyed and their books test. This is tbe
most serious loss any bank in (he city has sus
tained in tho contents ot its vaults.
—The great loss in tho stftn fire-proof vaults
ol the Custom Hols: i-given to detail In another
part of the paper.
—All persons opening safes and vaults and
finding their currency charred and partly con
sumed, should at once nack it up ana forward it
to the Redemption Bureau at Washington,
where experts can ascertain its value and remit
new currency to that amount.
—The First National Bank will bo open for
business as nmai on Monday morning. October
16. atits temporary office No. 419 Wabash are*
QUO.
—The Second National Bank will n» u«por*
rny at No. 25 Ualsted street.
—Tue Union Stock Vania National Bank it
joins famines* as n«ual. It is confidently be*
liuTcd that live stock operators bare not suffer*
el by the great calamity, and mat both buyers
nod cotuinis:ion men areas good os before the
fire,
Bents and Beal Estate.
Heals have gone up enormously since the de
struction of so large a portion of toe buildings
ul the city. Tho residences along Wabash ave
nue, north ol Twenty-second street, which were
susceptible of being used fur banns, railroad offi
ces etc.. eto.,arc* of course, m demand, and on
me must central part of tuat struct, between
Peek court and Fourteenth street, aro rent
ing fur an advance of just about
ItO per cent on the pnoos they commanded
oeioro the fire. Dwc.llugs a little further from
the business quarter, bat woioh aro now availa
ble (or offices of less importance than backlog
and railroad boilucs?, bare advanced from 50 to
00 per cent over tbo prices demanded before tbo
tire, aud others which are available far noil.ice
bat residence purposes, have advanced about S3
per ccut in all parts of the city and lor all classes
of bouses. Too rise is probably greater than
can be sustained for more than a month or two.
Within a few weeks several hundred tenpurary
bouses will bo erected in tbo former business
district. Tbts will diminish thedemandfordwell
lugs to bo used lor business purposes, and
increase the supply of dwellings, Before tne fire
there were not less than fifteen hundred unoccu
pied dwelling houses in tbo city, principally in
tbe West and South Divisions. The most of
them had been built for sale, and were sot of
tered for rent, but there are few people now who
have money to buy, and tbe improbability ol
selling will nowlorcetbo owners to offer them
torrent. Ot those who have lost their houses,
many have sent their families out of the city for
tbe winter, and all who remain will feci disposed
io cut down expenses by going into smaller
bouses than they occupied before. If all these
circumstances are duly considered, it will be
seen that there is in fact but little reason for a
rise in runts. Those who .in the present
contused condition of things jump to tne con
clusion that house-room will ba very scarce
this winter, and. under that impression, enter
into contracts for dwellings at high rents, will
probably find they bmvo made a mistake.
Quito a number sales of improved real
estate have been made since tbe fire. Several
new houses on the avenues hare been sold, be
cause they wero available for offices. Tbe
priees obtained were dust about wnst was de
manded before tbe fire. A Jorso-, amount
i>f money is offered here lor
ground in the business part ol tbe burnt
district. Capitalists bare come from Cincinnati.
Louisville, New York, Boston, and other places,
with the expectation of buying ground. in tbe
funner business quarter at large reduction* on
former values, and building it up again. From
tbo amounts which several of the principal real
estate agents are authorized to invest we should
think there bos over $1,000,000 or such money
corns here since the fire. The point ot greatest
interest is to know at what reduction on former
values to begin, in this respect everybody
seems to boat sea, and no transaction bas been
made yet to establish a precedent.
COMMEBCIAX.
Satcwjat Evening, Oeult.
There was little trading od ’Cnacge io-day, the
morning being devoted to on informal discussion
oi tbe business to come before tbo meeting at 2
o’clock, sod to personal gossip about tho fire and
other matters. Around the Secretary's table
there was a .group of applicants for relief and
committeemen errancies details f»r ccliet work.
One rather prominent topic of conversation was
the tappoiod action of tbo J»uw wide Associa*
lion; bnt, as no one knew anything abont it,
the conversation was ail lnlerrv*«uon nr excla
(nation, with no nnawer. beoee nothing was
elicited worth being put in print.
At 2 o’clock tbe board was called to order, as
per adjournment troui Tuesday last, the owtcl
being to act on the question «f dealing sub
tho conlr.cU for tbe delivery ol producei xh.t
were outstanding at tbe date o| tbo fire. Presi
dent Preston occupied the chair, and stated tac
qtt Oa l motion of D. U. Lincoln the recoin meoda
tiun of the Directors was read, to the effect that
all such scores bo veilled upon the basis of tho
prices current at the close of Cnaoge on aalur
day and that a committee of nine be appointed
to establish a basts of prices for such settlements.
W. K. Brainard moved tbe adoption of tho
recommendation. T
Tbe Secretary read a substitute offered of J.
IV. Lyon, to the effect that $1.20 bo the basts for
settlement on wheat, and 4So on corn, and that a
committee of three be appointed to carry out the
resolution. Tabled.
Tbo recommendation of the Directors was then
taken up, and
Mr. Meadows moved that too wnolosaucclbc
deferred for another week; any action os it
would not be binding on individual members.
Tabled.
Mr. H. C. Reid offered tbe fallowing as a mb
•litnte:
Jtnolved, That parties having contracts settle
with tbe parties with whom they bare such
trades. In their uwn way. Tabled. As»*»
Mr. 8. B. Williams asked wuetber it is intended
that tho committee should have any control in
tbe settlement of the trades. tCries of **/L>.
n °Mr. Dow asked whether the price of leiUcment
must be that at the close of ’Change, or at tbe
close ot the day.
Mr. Dnobam moved an amendment that the
basis of ictUamcnt be tbe average of prices of tho
Saturday preceding tbe fire. Adopted,
i The recommendation of tho as
"amended was adoptednoanlmously.
Israel P. Rutusay said U would be necessary
k to establish a clearing nooie fur the settlement
i ofdifferencea, or else the right parties won.d not
always getthe money. He moved thkt the cgin*
mittee ol nine shall act aa a clearing commit
tee. with power to appoint a portion of their
i number to so act. Carried,
i The meeting then adjourned.
1 Toe committee as appointed by the President,,
consist* of the following gentlemen t Ira Y.
Muon. Geo. M. Mow, A. B. Hitchcock. A. W.
Wright* George Walker. Wiley M. Spin. J. U
I Dole, J. L. Hancock,S, 11. MeCrea.
that tbo universal destruction of records has
obliterated all tract of a crott many transac
tion* which cannot crco bo remembered, lint
tho Board of Trade has decided to settle up at
far ax practlcublo under tbo circumstance*. A«
Macbeth ouca remarked, Ansels can do no
more/’
Bat little trading was done in groin. Abnnt 10
cmloiM of No. 2i|irinj wuou were bought at
?I.IS, a decline of 2c from the lasi sale reported
“the Purchaser to pay on Monday or Tuesday,
on the arrival of funds from Now York. The
sales were made by S. JI. McCroa to J. B. Lyon.
Corn was inactive: nominal at 43c. Oats wore
steady, with sales of 3 car leads at 33c. Nothin*
doing in rye or barley.
Pror-stans were tinner. There was a buyer for
2*«o hrl» cash mess pork nt 513.00, but nn seller.
Oao holder named $13.50 a« the probable mar*
kot. Lard was nominal at t%£lfo. Meats were
firmer. Sole was reported oi 40,000 lb* short
ribs Shoulder* were nominal at fic: and
short clear at 7Vf@7JS?. Boxed meats J-icflb'Te
theso quotations. Mcssbsei nominal at 89.50;
lor tallow 8o naa bid.
Freights were firm at 14s for corn by steam to
Buffalo, and 13c tor com and rye by sail to do.
Oats to Now York were taken at2o>4e» and 6.000
bu corn was token through to Boston at36c, on
the propeller Offdeaibureh. The propeller City
of Detroit was reported late to take 22.000 bu
corn to Buffalo for 13c.
iiighwioes were more active, at yesterday's
quotations. Sales were reported of ISO brls at 92c
per gallon.
Tho following was the number of ears of grain
inspected Into store daring the five days ending
with Friday evening: 727 cars wheat. 424 ears
corn, 217 car* oatr, 96 car* rye, 171 cars barley.
Total. 1,625 cars, or 649,000 bu. Of these amounts
303 cars were received over tbe C., B. A 0.176
cars over the C., R. L k P.. 4SI Oon over tbe
C. A., 220 cars oler tbe 1. C., 254 ears over tbe
N. W. Galvna division, and 162 can over tbe
N. W.
T io shipments fur tho earns time wore 78,353
bu No. 2 spring. 1,712 In No. 1 do, 22.763 bu No.
3 do. 0.026 bu rejected do. 453 bu No. 2 red wheat,
38,422 bu No. 2 corn, 956 bu rejected do, 375 bu
No 1 do, 351 bu yellow do, 55,525 bu No. 2 outs,
2,018 bu rejected nats, 1,356 bu No. 2 rye, 11.016
bu No, 2 barley. 402 bn rejected do. Total. 220.-
400 bu. The shipments include those of tbe Sat
urday afternoon preceding tbo hre.
The following quotations wore received by Mr.
Morse:
Nbw Yobk. Oct, 14—12:40 p- m.—Wheat is in
good demand, better: Cbicago, 11.53g1.54H:
Milwaukee, 11.5401.55Ht choice, II 56H; N».l,
{I.SS. Corn doll at 79-* bid, 80c asked.
ItECEIPTS-Flour, 13.WU brls; wheat, 287,000
bu; corn, 102,000 bu; oats. 17.003 ba.
LiVEeraor., Oct. 14—3 p. m.-—Market un
changed.
Live Stock Market.
CATTLE—There was little or nothing doing
In this branch of trade to-day. Ttie receipts
were meagre, and only about equal to the re
quirements of the local trade. Shippers were In
attendance, and would have operated on o lib-
cral scale had tbo offering* of stock suitable for
stiipment East been numerous enougD to attract
bejr attention. Owinr to (he limited number
.if beeves forwarded from here during tho past
week tbe Eastern markets are firm and advanc-
mg, and the comics week will probably be ao
acure one here. Wo quote fair to choice ship
pine steer* at t4.5'i@525, and common to good
butcher*' Mali at ;3-1W34.0J.
UOUS—Were is good demand, and all offer*
inea were taken early 18l.JJU(3-4.5<J,
SHEEP—Continue scarce, aod aell readily at
$3.5035.00 for common to choice.
The Pally Market*
BUTTER—Too supply in steadily increasing,
and prices have nuw settled back to about the
closing raogo of last week, or to 15925; for cum
in on to really choice.
BROOM. CORN-About 2.403 tons were de
stroyed la tbefiro, leaving bat a small quantity
here. Dealers are talking of $2009225 per too
for good brush, and $1809200 lor poor.
CEMENT—Business unchanged st 11.75.
CHEESE—Cheese ii coming forward in quan
tities sufficient to meet the demand, and prices
*ro l(32cl>wer than during Wednesday and
Thursday. There la a light demand* at H@l6o
for ordinary to prime factory.
COAL—Remain* steady at former prices. The
supply has been reduced folly ono-halt by the
firc.tho number of tons destroyed being esti
mated at 80,030; which would leave about 75.000
tons now in store. Very little soft coal remains,
but the deficiency can readily be supplied by
rail, and there will be no advance in prices.
EGGS—The offerings were ample and there
were free sellers at lost week’s prices, or at 289
24c for fresh.
FRUITS—Tho market was moderately well
supplied with most descriptions of green fruits,
and prices were no higher than a week ago,
apples selling at $2.0093.60 per brl. and grapes
>it 51.3531.50 for Concord and $1.753223 far Ca
tawba per case. For dried trulls tho market was
somownac unsettled. The stock at present on
hand Is considerable, but there is a plenty en
route, and our dealers will toon b« prepared to.
fill i.rderi os usual. Wo note sales of 3 brls
wild cranberries at $3.00; 6 ba do at $2/0.
GROCERIES—Aro suit unsettled. Light or
dvrs are Cuming in, and sro being tilled at about
former prices.
HAY—Little is doing in this branch of trade.
The supply is light Lai quite sufficient, and
prices remain comparatively steady at $13,003
14.00 lor pressed timothy: 59.00910.00 for prairie,
and at 48.00913 00 lor loose descriptions. Toere
was some inquiry to-day for shipment East and
to tbo lumber country, but the lack of tranapor-
cation checked the outward movement.
HlDES—Remain nominally Unchanged. A
few are arriving, and are selling at about former
rates, quotable at IDHo for heavy green cured,
and lUS lor light do.
LIME—Is quoted at 11.00.
NAILS—Were firm ondcr a continued active
demand, but no advance was gained, sales mak
ing at 51.25 rates.
ON IONS—Are plenty at 70(3SDc per bu.
OlLS—Business In this department.is rapidly
reviving, and prices aro becoming still more
settled. Several dealers have resumed opera*
tton, and country and city orders are being filled
at prices nut varying materially from those cur*
rent bciore the fire. Carbon is la ample supply
and has declined to 3Sc. Lard oil is quoted
steady at 50a for extra winter; 750 for No. I car
root make, and 650 for No. 2 do. Linseed and
turpentine arc nominal at 85090 c for the lormcr
ana at 730 for the latter. Wnale oil is quoted a,
77@S0e. i
POTATOES—Aro m demand, and remain
firm at 650753 per ba. We note a sale of 10
brls sweet potatoes at 52.62J4.
POULTRY ANDOAME-Xs coming in freely,
and is scLiog at lower prices. We quote chick
ens at per dozen, and prairie chick
ens. 51.7502-25.
PAIN IS—There was some inquiry to-day.
and light sales at 111.60 per 100 lbs, for pure
Mbito lead.
SALT—The total loss by the fire nos about
45,0uu brls, bat the stock hero U large, and prices
steady, there is a good demand at former
quotations.
WOOL—There Is no movement of consequence,
and values are little better than nominal.
MARIUS INTELLIGENCE.
Disasters,
We learn that tbe propeller Free State, which
went ashore on Grey's Reef a short time Since,
has none to pieces.
—Tbe steamer Wyoming, eshore at Forcat-. r f
Lake Baron, is a total loss.
—The schooner Seneca Chief was burned at
Manistee, on Wednesday last. Lois 46,009: no
insurance.
—The schooner Q. L. Newman is ashore on
Green Island Reef. She ia lumber laden.
l Xbo schooners Pilgrim and Throe Bella ran
aaboro at Muskegon on Tuuraday, bat were got
off without much damage.
—The schooner American Union, loaded with
grain for Buffalo, ia ashore ct Beavtr Island.
She Is also dismasted.
—A three-masted schooner, deeply laden, is on
the beach at Point Waugosbance.
—A large three-and-aftcr, grain leaded, is
ashore on Crane Island, and a white fore-aod
after is on White Shoo).
—Another loro-and aft schooner, grain laden,
is in trouble at Forly-Milo Point.
—The propeller-barge J crock! lost beriarge
anchors off Fox Island a few days ago.
—The schooner Laeinda Vau Vaikeoherg got
1 ashore on Presque i»le Point on Wednesday,
and was obliged to jettison 3,000 bushels of wheat
before aho could be pulled vff by the propeller
City of New York. Her Captain arrived in this
city yesterday.
—The propeller Colorado got a ground near the
pier yesterday, but gut afloat toward evening
without sustaining any damage.
—The propeller Winslow is reported bard
aground in too Detroit River.
—Tbe propeller Mohawk. of the Western
Transportation Company's Line, got on a reef in
the neighborhood of Point anx Barques on
Wednesday, and threw overboard 1,400 barrels
of flour beturo being released.
—We understand that the Coast Wrecking
Company bos succeeded la raising tbe propeller
Dictator and towed hot into South Mao itoa Har
bor.
—The schooner Msjor Anderson, loaded with
coal for Chicago, which wont ashore at Two
Riveri Point last week, baa gone to pieces. Sue
was owned by Captains John Priadivilleand
Morris, of Chicago.
—The tog which went to tbe assistance of tbe
schooner Melvins, ashore at Pigeon Bay. baa re
turned to Detroit tor another hawser. Toe ves
sel was moved about eight feet, when tbe line
parted, whteh put an cad to too undertaking
until other appliances coa!d be brought into
requisition. The Melvina is lignt and
well out, and the work of floating her
is therotoro of so small megoUnde. The
schooner General, also asuoro in me above lo
cality. will doubtless fare baid from toe effeots of
the present weather, and the abate >s tre decid
edly on the side of a total lost tier situation
up to lateM accounts was unchanged.
At Anchor,
We leant from steamer* which arrived here «n
Friday and Saturday that on Wednesday tweo
tj'Dir e vessels were st »nchor near Point nao
gosU&cco aaot lixteea at St Helena.
Lake Freights.
The following esxegemeata wro reported:
To Bcrrato—schrOakLeafi rye, at 13c; bark
Harry iliascl, corn, at 13o; aohr Quid*
en Wen, com st 12c; aohr Docaldxoo,
wheat, at 13c; icbr Wilbur, wheat, at 13c. To
New ibsr—Props. W. M. Tweed, and SlLocL,
oats, at 2i»J4c. At the close ot' ’Change the prop.
City of Detroit was put in fur ouro to Buffalo, at
13o; and a prop, name not circa, lor corn to Dos*
too, on p. t.
Sympathy from Abroad.
l/osao*. OeU 12—Midnight.—lo response to
thacjllot tne American Minister for a meeting
to express sympathy aod provide relief for the
oeuple o( Chic*co, over tuo American and Eng
li»b gentlemen assembled at the Langbam Hotel
to-mght, The parlors were crowded to excess.
Many persona were unable to obtain admit*
tanoe. The meeting was organised with Robert
:C. Schenck as Chairman. Brief but stirring ap*
peals were made by several spcaken. Maps of
the nntortuoate city, with the burnt quarter
designated, bad been bung on the walls and were
explained oy gentlemen well acquainted with
the ground.
One speaker drew a parallel between the con*
fUgration in Coieago and the great Are of Lon
don. The enthusiasm, which was evident from
the opening of the meeting, needed no stlmnlns.
Everybody was eager to contribute, and within a
short time from the opening uf the list ten.thou
sand pounds sterling was subscribed r»ca rood.
Conspicuous among'the subscribers were sev
eral confederates, who requested that their
names should not appear. A few merchants of
Chicago, whose establishments were destroyed
by-tne fire, also-offered-their toutribatlon*,
amid the cheers of the assemblage.
Resolutions expressing the' deepest sympathy
for the sufferers, and pledging further aid, wore
adopted by acclamation.
I A committee was appointed, with J. T. Morgan
and Sebe&ck at the bead, to procure additional
subscription* in Loudon and throughout the
Kingdom, and more is every reason to expect
that a very large son will be raised. Expres
sions of sympathy were received by telegram
from all parts o* the country, and read by.the
Chairman. r
Among those present wore Hod. A. G. Curtin.
Minutsrlo Russia; Geo. A. E.Burnside. Gen.
Q A. Barnard, Hon. H. McCulloch. Messrs.
Morgan and WoodunU, ot the American Lega
tion i Adam Bodeau, Conrol General at London;
William E. Dodge. New Turk: John J. Cisco.
New York; Messrs. Hunn, starring anu
Uabicht, of Wows, Habicht Jt Co.; Bowles.
Randolph, Clay. Geurge likes, Boughton, the
artist. Job a Hoey. and Tbadeus Hyatt. Many
eminent Englishmen also attended the meeting,
aod manifested their Interest in its objects liber
ally by word and deed.
Pxus.Oet. IS.—Minister Washburn has Issued
a esll <or a meeting of Americans tO-motrow to
contribute to tbe relief of the Chicago sufferers.
—The President, by Mn. Grant
and Messrs.Boulwcll, Robeson, and Creswell,
left Washington mu tbe ISth Boston, when
they will attend the ceremonies, of laying the
oerner-stone ot the new Dot lan poet Office on
Monday. Secretary Dele*** wt -.ioi* .ih«
Oysters and Fish.
Truth crashed to earth veil! rise testa. So It is
with
H. M* CURTIS,
WHOLESALE OYSTER AND FISH DEALER,
Who, allhongba heavy loser by Ibe late terrible
fire,,la now prepared to fill all orders from the.
caanlry and city trade, atbls new quarters. No. 107
B, Twelfih-Bt.. and hopes to hear' soon and often
from all his old customers.
Established in 1803, and not burned ont.
Lusk Blatherwick,
General Commission Merchants, No. SO West Late
st., Chicago. We hare the best store a diocation
it what Is left of the city,'sell only for cash, and
caa guarantee now shippers of produce quick sales
and prompt return*. Correspondence invited, and
circulars, tags, and stencils sent on application.
Henry W. King Co.
Will have their office at 54 Harket-et. nultl farther
notice. Having been eo fortunate aa to aare a por
tion of our etocc from the fire, ire shall open for
bnaineas again within a few days on Michigan-are.
Wo desiro our customers to aid us at once by re
mittances In currency sent by express, or draft on
New York.
Re-Established.
3. W. Hobson 4b Son, wholesale fish dealers, can
be found at their tow quarters, No. 60 Canal and
No. 09 West Water street, where they will. In a
lew days, hare a full line of goods, now in transit,
and be prepared to fill alt orders promptly and sat
isfactorily.
Blanchard Brothers,
Real Estate and Loan Brokers. 807 Slale-st-
Rooms, stores, and offices wanted, to sell, and to
rent. Eastern capital to loan for improvement In
the burnt district.
Thomas Barrows Co.,
General agents Pinkie Lyon MannfoctnrlncCo e.
Victor Sewing Machine, located at No. 73 Booth
Hoisted street. W. L. Bates Co., agents for
Michigan, J. L. Barrows Co., agent* lor lowa,
may be found at same place.
Frank S. Waters,
General Advertising Agent, removed by force of
circumstances to 53 West Uadi sou street (rooms of
‘•Happy Honrs.*’) Advertising In agricultural and
religion* weeklies made a speciality.
Cleveland Paper Co.,
Office and warehouse IT Sooth Jcffa»on-*t., near
Randolph, are receiving goods, and ready to re
ceive orders and cash.
N. W. Gus and Water Pipe Co.
D. A. TITCOMB CO.
Can be found at 3. C. Woolley's, 646 Wabash-av*
W. L. B. Jenney,
ARCHITECT, SO. IS PECK COURT.
Ny«, Campbell Co.,
Wholesale Fish Dealers, will open up at SI South
Jeffereon-sU, on Mondayeext.
Qoodspeed’s
Empire Book, Map, and Chromo House restored
and in running order. Agents wanted fer the beat
subscription books, maps, and pictures In America,
and Goodspeed’s Golden Pens." T. W. GOOD
SPEED, Publisher. 193 West Madlson-et. Chicago.
Baird Bradley,
Loan and Reel Estate Agents, 08 Soath Canal-st
Books, papers, etc., unbanned.
J. M. Hayes,
of Hayes, Gibbons Co., la not among the lost as
reported, but la in New York baying an entire new
stock of millinery and straw goods. They coc
tlnue the wholesale MUlloety at 434 Stale-st.
Runyan, Avery, Loom!. Comstock,
Attorneys at Law, No. 141 West Waahington-st.'
comer Union.
Eldridge Tourtellotte
hare located their law office for the present at 118
West Madlson-ftt. and also at tho Avenue House,
coraerof Wab&ah-ar. and Twenty-secood-et.
P. Qeddes, Qeddea&Reid,
97 South Cllntott-st.
Bauer Loebnltz,
ARCHITECTS, _
at Heeney Campbell's planing mill, comer Canal
and Twelfth*»ta. They will open office In a few
weeks on Randolph-fit., adjoining Thomas B.Bry*
\n’» Fldellty-Safa Depository, opposite Court
House.
G. A. SmllU,
I» Hill .lire at Marine Mill., 66aadC8 North Canal
gt, and will sell Utor, grain and feed at same price
as he did before thtflre. Lire and let lire.
OFFICE OF
W. L. B. Jenney, Architect,
I, at TO» TVabaift-ax.
BcmoTol.
WM. C. GRANT AND W. H. SWIFT, ATTOR
NEYS AT LAW, RAVE REMOVED TO 43 HUB
BAED COURT, NEAR STATE-3T.
The Ijvyr Office
Of
BACON NORTON
Will be for the present at 557 Waba»h*av.
Chicago Union JLlrao Works,
P. E, SPOONER, Agent,
71 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
jr. f. Ar M. B. WhUn,
OFFICE NO. 1001 WABASH AVENUE,
Between Tvrcuty-Mcaud and Twenty-third Streets.
A. C. SLAYTON,
250 WEST MADISON STREET,
Rill sells
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
At the same price aid place as before the fire.
INSURANCE.
Insure Your Properly.
E. K. RYAN CO.. INSURANCE AGENTS,
are issuing policies in the
ANDES,
AMAZON,
TWUMPH,
and
BtEWERS’
Insurance Companies at reduced rates. Office 47
Sooth Canal-st.
Homo Insurant Company of New
York
Have opened on cffica at 103 West MadUon«3t
and will
FAY ALL LOSSES,
and proceed with badness a» usual.
Tbe Company has eblld assets of TWO MILL
IONS OF DOLLARS after payment of Chicago
claims.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT,
193 W. Modtson-sL
Claim* Ar Insurance.
C. D. PAUL, Attorney at Law,
gives special attontbn to Insurance business.
Proofs of loss prepaivl and claims taken charge of.
331 West Madiaon-et.
John Hancock Sint. LUc Ins. Co.
Removed to 131 Tweity-second-st. Agents waul
ed. Liberal Indneeuent* oflered. All wanting
employment can appV to F. BABCOCK, General
Agest,;lßl TweDly-^coud-eL
Reliable fnsurarce on Good Dwellings
Canto obtained In tie old Manufacturer's Insar
snee Co., of Boston from GKO. C. CLARKE A
CO., Insurance Ageaa, No, SO JUdriAgo court.
molt PLUES.
TYN6 GO.,
Sew tork and Chicago.
BOILER IRON FLUES
‘Ann QAiVAUizsaa' iron.
Tjyngi Co., horned oat at SO LaSalle-sU have
restimed business In the commodioaa machine
factory of L. B. Walker 3Sj C 0.,, t s
67 aod 69 Soath Canal st.
A Urge «to:k of galvanized Iron on hand.
One hundred tons of boilerplates and beads now
on tbe way from the East- _
Best American and English flues famished in
from one to ten days.
Orders solicited and cotrwpondeacc promptly
answered.
TYNG CO.,
07 and 69 Soatft Csnsl-itj Chicago*
lOSBi I03g)- W;WjUIW*-
c rBXIQHT.
CHICAGO ALTON
RAILROAD.
FREIGHT NOTICE
Freight wBLlm received at present for shipment
st the Logins Horns of this compsnj nt Ttrelnh
st.
Freight .ill bo received for shipment «t the
old oUee, earner Van Boren and Cnarlev*ta.
Freight srrlTtng will ho delivered at Hongb 8
Packing House, south side Halsted-st bridge.
Wo are ready to receive and deliver all freight
promptly.
McrSants will please notify me where may
bo found. A. D- BKip.
i ’it- .-Local Freight Agent.
Great Western Despatch
Fast Freight Lino. United States Eiprtss Cmpro
prtelot*. Offlcc. SIS State-jt. Inp-etairs). Order*
pertaining to delivery of freight may atop be left at
I s >w-f •&S‘ls&ssssst
L. FOWLER, AaskSont. -ii
FOR SALE.
First Class- Jot Ole for Sale.
Any person wishing a first class Job office which
CttMnol 1 V r
BUSINESS CARPS.
THE NATION AIi (ELfilJi)
WATCH COMPANY
Have resumed business at
the jS. W. cor. of Green and
Wasbingtpn-sts. 10,000
Elgin Watches protected
in Vaults passed throngh
the great conflagration
uninjured, and can be rec
ommended as Adjusted
to Temperature. Orders
from the trade promptly
filled.
Chicago
Advertising
SHARP S Til AIN
Will be pleased to ace their Mends at
ROOM 6, WELCH'S BUILDING, 63 SOUTH
CANAL-ST.,
Where they are prepared to Insert advertising in
the leading Newspapers of tbo country at publish
era' lowest rates.
REMOVED.
D. COLE SON, Real Ertnlc
and Ilontc Agent,, 188 West
Hladlioii-it, Can be found a
large lint of proiwrlf for >alo
and rent in the West Division.
Hanses routed and Rents Col
lected.
Barnes House,
Comer of Canal and Randolph,
WEST SIDE.
W. K. SWALLOW,
Proprietor.
T. S. FITCH CO.
Can be Found in Temporary Quarters
Erected at thelrOld Standi
163 and 165 Dearbom-st,
tenney, McClellan, tenney,
Attorneys and Counsellors, 45 Hnb
bard-conrt, between State and Wa
bash.
H A, Kohn i Bros.
Have ibcir office at
571 WABASH-AV-,
aod arc making preparations to resume business
at an early day.
D. Kriegh and Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Office for the ptescot at
STAR AND GILES ENT MILLS.
at Randolph-st bridge,
West Side.
Office
D. W. A. KEITH CO.
at
__ 593 Mlchlgan-tr.
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
BANKERS,
164 Twenty-second-st.,
Chicago
21 Pine-uL, New York.
Oar LaSallc-et vault proved perfect, and wo
are transacting business without interruption at
our Twcotj-eecODd-tt. office.
Lovejoy Foster
OPENED AT 800 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
VIEWS OP THE RUINS, AT TWENTY* FIVE
AND FIFTY CENTS EACH,
READY IN A DAY OR TWO.
Wholesale and Retail Dealers In STEREOSCOPES
AND VIEWS. A stock on hand rcadyforaale.
The Law Office
KING, SCOTT PAYSON
Is located at C 37 Wabasb*av.
S. D. Childs, Jr., Co.,
ENGRAVERS AND DIE SINKERS,
Corner Elude and Kldgebnrr-sta., adjoining tbe
bridge.
Cavanagh and Bodle,
(Late 487 and North
xa**w«i iu lomrm tneirmends and the public that
they hare removed to
230 CALUMET-AV..
And will exectue all orders after tbe 20th Instant.
Wakeman, Manley and Wakeman,
LAW OFFICE AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
45 SOOTH GANAL-ST.
CHICAGO.
IronCliffs.pQ.
Office, SquUt Jcffersoo-st.
JAMES ROOD, Agent.
Mead and Coe,
LOAX ANT> REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Removed td 79 West Madleon-st.,. corner of Jeffer
son. Opr books and papers 'saved, and we are
ready for any business in car line.
R. R. LANDON,
Importer*, Jobbers, and manufacturers’ agent,
commission -merchant, resumes business No. fe
Lind Block, only building left on South Side.
McWilliams and Co.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION,
Have resumed business at 88 West Randolph-st.
Gallup and Peabody
will, fbr the present, have their
OFFICE
449 Wabaab-av.r i
Rochester Machinery Manufacturing
Co.,'
Q. G. V; J-RMER, Manager. 87 shd 39 Booth Canal
at., comer Washington, Chicago, 111., manufac
turer* and dealer* in Wood and Iron Working
Machinery, at old prices. Giro at a call.
TTm. O, White dc Co.,
OFFICE AT NO. 1001 WABASH AVENUE,
Between Twe»***-*»*ytnH •nd Mrd *tp«
C. S. Hutchins tc Co.,
Graiu and Prodace Commission' Merchants, have
res m»l business at No. 97 WestMadleon-et., and
arc rea_l/ to receive all consignments of grain and
prodace the same as befowtho lire.
C. 11. Hanson.
Stencils, Engraving 1 and Die-Sinldnff, M West
Midison-st.
A.J. Harris, Dentist,
at 400 W abash-av.
C. 1.. Jienkg,
Real Estate office, now at acmifacut corner of
Clark and Barrison-ets, Offices and stores for rent.
Notice to Retailers.
Received this, day a sniply of American Eagle
Chewing TOBACCO. Also, a due assortment of
SMOKING TOBACCO, CIGARS, ETC.
Orders promptly attended to.
WSL U. HAQARD, Agent, 171 West Madison.
HOWE RUSSELL,
LAWYERS,
IU9 Wabaah-av.
BATES Sc HODGES,
LAW OFFICE;
113 West Sadlion-Jl.
OFFICE OF
The Riverside Improvement Com-
pany
Is st 706 Wabaih-av.
■V--- r .'•sTiq v
OFFICE OF
A. C. O. F,. Badger
Is at 700 ,w*buh*av.
Brintna'il, Terry fit Beldon,
WHOLESALE HARDWARE,
Removed to brick store. No. 87 West Lake-st, Ex
pect to be able to flJf orders in a Short lime.
M- Graff it Co-,
Jobbers ot finer groceries, in West Madtaon-sL,
BPSIHESS CARDS.
ROBERT fIiREER,
INSURANCE BROKER
AND
Adjuster of Fire Losses,
NO. Gi SOUTH CANAL-ST..
Third floor, front.
proofs of loss prepared with despatch. and at a
moderate expense.
Blanks on nand In fall supply.
E. Schneider Co.
STAR CANDLES,
v Retail Trade.
You can get Star Candlea at oar factory, over
Archer-are. bridge, at eighteen cenlsper Pjwndof
sixteen canoes, and wo arc prepare dta fill
ders to Ibo jobbing trade all -over «bc country at
fofmerprice*.
Agency,
G- H. L. LAFLIN,
WHOLESALE
P* A 3F*
DEALERS,
North Jefferson-st.,
AND
340 Wabash-av.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
Diebold Kienzle Safes,
REMOVED
TO 416 STATE-ST.,
OLD PRICES.
V. S. COVERT.
October 10.1871.
Law Office.
ELA A PARKER.
GEO. W. PLUMMER.
Our clients will find oa
AT 1H WEST RANDOLTH-ST.
Near Union,
wßAtvr FOR WORK.
John Stevenson,
MERCHANT .TAILOR,
WILL RESUME BUSINESS,
WITH AN ENTIRE NEW STOCK,
OCT. SS, ON THE
COB. OF WABASR-AV. AND
twestt-seOond-st.
CHASE,- HANFORD 00,,
Oils, White Lead. Vamlabes, «?^B r
Pino Tar, etc., 479 Canal-*!., near Twelfth*!., cm
cago.
ESAIAS J. WAHREN,
-Beal Estate- Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 Mlo'hlgan-av.
Boalocas continued without loterroptlon. _
Win. H; Patterson,
GAS FIXTURES, PLUMBERS’ MATERIALS,
Qaa and Steam Filters Supplies,
lit WEST RANDOLPH-ST.. CHICAGO.
Wright Tyrrell,
S. E. CORNER OP
WASHINGTON AND
.'I HALSTED-STS.
MUNSON CO., Man
ufacturers of LEATHER
BELTING, 14 and 16 W.
Randolph-st.
American Emigrant Company
Foreign and Domestic Exchange. Ocean ticket!
to andfrom Europe. Generalralmay ticket office.
Western office 89 West Klnzle-st.
FREDERIC NELSON, Agent, Chicago,
CARTER BROS.,
Contractors of Masonry.
Office, 384 W. Adams-st
The Wheeler Wilson
SEWING MACHINE OFFICE,
At S3S West Madiaon-st.
Thayer itTobey Furniture Co.,
86, 63, and 00 West Kandolph-st
OFFICE AND OTHER FURNITURE
The Mechanics' Savings Bank.
161 TWENTY'S ECONO-ST,,
CAPITAL,
JACOB R. SHIPSERD. President.
CHARLES B. SHEDD. Treasurer.
Escaped without tbe slightest Injury, and Is
transacting business without interruption.
Haskins, Martin 4 Wheeler,
OFFICE
No. GB6 South Canal-st.
Are prepared, as usual, to fill all ordcra for
SALT,
(fine, coarse, and dairy X
f CEMENT,
and
STUCCO.
Fox and Howard,
t -CONTRACTORS for Dredging, Dock hnlldlng
Bridging, Ac.., Office £6 NORTH CLINTON-ST.,
at.Volcan Iron Works.
Hutchinson and Luff,
Attorneys at Law, 3SJ Wahash-ar., will give
special attention to the examination and perfect
ing of titles to real estate and the negotiation of
loans.
C. B. Waite,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
47 SIXTEENTH ST.
Frazer Lubricator Co. Saved.
ORDERS FOR
FRAZER'S AXLE GREASE
ANSWERED PROMPTLY.
OFFICE 68 CENTRE-AV.
William Little Co.,
GENERAL COMMISSION, 8® West Madison-st.
goon asusnaL
J. S. Peironnet Co,,
GRAIN COMMISSION MERCHANTS, rcmorcd
to 63 Sooth Canal-st. Ready for bastoeia.
CALLAG3A2T* COCKCROFT, 108 Randolph
st., hare on the way an entire new stock, and will
be ready for business in a tew days.
AYRES EOFF
Can be found at present, for the pare ha sc and sale
of real estate, at Ml Wabasb-ar. Persons wishing
to boy, sell, or rent, will please call at above place
HENRY EOFF.
Julios Rosenthal, A. M. Pence, and
Adolph Moses, Attorneys.
Room 8, Masonic Building, southwest comer
Randolph and Hslsted-et*.
Laflin 4 Rand Powder Co.
ORANGE QDN POWDER. Fill order! prompt-
Ij. at M 5 W»lr.sli-3T.
nieebu, swoii&aniss
hare removed their law office to 379 Wabash-av.
D. Cole Son,
ISS WEST MADISON.ST.,
here m large list of honses to rent; famished and
IN
THE WEST DIVISION.
We bare some bargain* in bnlldlngs on leased
lota. i
T. F. Baldwin, Real Estate Agent
All letters sod all business. Address him at hi*
residence, MS Washlngton-at., one block west of
Union Bark.
Enoa Brown Co.,
Office 58 Canal-st. All parties are earnestly re
quested to remit their indebtedness st once.
Frank Surges A Co.
«their (ketory, «0 to»B Peoria-st.. comer of
Hudson, .hick Is Intact andmnnlcg Ml force. Oar
customers will please send their orders; which will
b« filled quite promptly for manufactured goods
sxkd tinners'stock.
The Western News Company.
Our Periodical business Is bow in running order
wane as before. Our customers will please remit
balances due to our present place of business—
either by draft on New York, currency (by ex
press), or P. O. order*—comer of Randolph and
Jcffemon-sts.
Wells A Faulkner,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Will report In a few days on Lake Shore, between
Peck and Hannon conrt.
COMMISSION MERCHANT, burned ont atlS6
South Waler-et Re-established at T3O Stale st.,
(near the Post Office.) Conalgnmeols of country
produce, etc., solicited.
Waite' tc Clarke.
Office S3 and SI Coogrew Half, Cougress-et-, next
Michigan-sv. Hotel,
Lyman A Jackson,
LAW OFFICE AND NOTARY PUBLIC,
Room 3,79 West Madlson-st.
D. P. Wilder.
LAW OFFICE (for the present), comer Thlrd av.
Dr. Edwards,
Office comer
STATS AND TAYLQB-fiTa.
Or. B. L. Reas,
Oflet dumped to his residence,
For sale— sixty peep ON WEST KAO
son. east of Paulina; S3 fact on Wells, be
tween Randolph and Washington ;129 feet on Indi
ana. north of Thirtieth street; two booses and wx
125 feet on Parle avenue, near Robey; 46x150, No*.
63 and 65 South Canal street. This properly 1®
rented for $10,009.
We have removedbur office to No. 63 Sonth Cana
street, have s large Eastern and Southern corres
pondeoce; and'peraons bavins properly to seller
partial wishing to inyost can always find ns <ni
hand and ready to give any Information.
KERR* DAVISON.
63 S. Canal street* Room 1
F
lOU SAIiE--nOU3RA2JD LOT ON'B HOUKTS’
ride Cruaa Chicago, two atory hotwo good col*
Jar and water, will bo sold cheap -for cash. Ap
ply. to J.B. KVNE. Ko. U West Mndlion-flt.
For sale—house and stock for sale
on No. 167 West Lake-at.; 3 yean* groond
*aee.
Foa SAtE —NO. CSI 3STORKY
and marble front boose. Possession given at
once. R. FOWLER. No. 11 S. CanaUt.
For sale or to rent—house sklake*
aT.Smiomcs walk from Oakland Station: 5
minutes from Cottage Grovo-oT. care. Panics
most norehadO farnitoro. GEO. Q. FERRY.
For sale-a well furnished liolse
No. 69 Union Park Place; house marble front
and In perfect order. Price. :S3jO(X) cash,
balance oo long time. WM. D.'KERFOOT, 89 East
Washlogton-ct.
T?OR SALE—OH Rtf NT-NINE ROOil
P on Drexol Bonlorartl. south of Cleaver Hall;
fOOpermonth; price $12,000. AYBES FOPP,
Ml wabash-ar. _____
F' OR SALE—MARBLE FRONT. ROUSE ON
Ashlond-av., near Van Boren**. Will lake
first-class borot property and pay balance. AiRES
EOFF, W1 Wahash-av.
For sale -brick house of 10 booms.
all modern Improvement*, and lot, No. »S
West Adams-*t. near Ccntre-ar.; Immedia’e pos
sess on. SNYDER A LEE, Be*! Estate Agents,
No. 9 Sooth Halated-st.
Fob sale-on easy terms, or monthly
payments, fine new honso and grounds, at May
wood, all ready and at net cost; also large board
ing honso la city, with fine now furniture, and at
coat: *I,OOO. OfiO. H. HESS.residence, 3S9Rar
ren-ar.; office, 932 Slate-sL, from 12 to 2; 76 Wort
Waehlngton-st., up stairs, from 10 to 11 a. m.
POR SALE-TWO. FRAME HOUSES AND
stores, southeast comer of Fulton and JiaLßod
sts. SNYDER A LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 9
South Hatated-st.. Masoolcßulldlng. __
1?OR SALE-NEW BRICK HOUSE, NORTH
east comer Morgan and Tyler-ats. Apply on
premises to ALEXAND SR <t DEAN. Attorneys. _
rjibK SALE—WEST SIDE REAL ESTATE;
houses torent. By CAMPBELL BROS., office
temporarily at 975 West Madlson-st.
For- sale-a number op houses or
sonth and wen side of Evanston. Call on R.
FOWLER, Room 1, II Sooth Canal-sL
t;OB SALE-FOR A FEW DAYS—BUILDING
T and lot SixlOG, with engine and boiler, shaft
log, pulleys. Ac., If required- Xnqnre at north
west corner Jackson and Cliuton-ft*. ___
non WEST WASHDt OTOH *BT.—PLBASANT
room to renu with board.
TIifcINTYRE RICHARDS. FORMERLY OF
iVL H8 South CUrk. will reionw their bnsloese 01
mprchMJt tailor*, at I*9 Twoniy-eecond-st, on Mon
day next.
TTACASTLOTS WASTED ONNORTH CLARE
V street. We hate parties
eround on North Clark street. SNYDER LEE,
Real Estate. Agents, No.BSonlh Ealßted»t„ cor*
nor of Randolph-sU
—I Hare calls for. them every hoar la iho day.
Leave descriptions at my office and yoa cantina
(rood tenants..'. EBIUTNa) Q. STILES, IJSWcst
Randolph-at. t
Fob sale-a pmntews hand. cart.
Price 525.00. Also, a lot of tinner s took,
cheap for cash. Apply to D. COLE SON, Ibß TV.
Maduon-et.
FARRAR WHEELER.
Hade to order.
CHICAGO.
1100,000
Law Books.
George Du Cook,
rlor-oL, near State.
CITY REAX. ESTATE.
BOARDING.
MISCELLANEOUS.
EOB. SALE.
F“ OR —SALE—ALL. KINDS OP YINEOAJL
KlrchhofTa Vinegar Factory, No. 1M Fnlton-at.
pOR SALE—TWO KILNS FACE
F about 300.009. Inqdlrc'Of J. H. SMITH, 180
Weatßandolpb-Bt.
PEBSOJTAX.
Mbs. e. bell oilmore. op «2 north
LiSalle-aL. please send her address to Mrs.
Welden. Kenosha. Wla.
call at 369 West and get yoor boy
Cieocgle; A.C. GAMMONS.-*
—£RSONAL—Vf M. C. DOW OAN BE SEEN AT
Tribune office. _ _
business chances.
For sale-grocery, full, stock, good
comer, West Side, near Board of Trade. FREI-
B SQOER, 318 Thirdav.
rtOK SALE—A *15,000 STOCK OF DRY
jj roods, with lease of ft Inrge store, 22 hjf 90.
situated centrally on Madlaon-W. Parties wishing:
to retire from business cause of selling. Address
WILLIAMS, 245 West Mfldlson-st., Thompson
Blocfcnpjtairs.
'tESTCASH
.xjfi BEST CASH GROCERY osT SOUTH SUJE
t for sale cheap for cub only.' Well stocked
before the fire. Store is 33x33, with two large win
dows. Also, four large rooms In rear. Store all
furnished complete. Bent for all, S3O per month,
with lease. Now is yonr chance td got a bargain.
Flrat-eomea. It goes. Address 601 Archcr-nr.
nNANCIAIi.
SNYDER LEB» REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
No. 9 South nalated-at., corner of Randolph.
Masonic Building, has appUcatloa_,for vacant lots
fbr leaso, for one year or longer.
rCRNITURE.
Furniture,
PARLOH FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE,
OFFICE FURNITURE
To be had at wholesale prices at 177 West Ran
dolph-rt. KUBnSCHKY A HAMANN,
And at 136 Wert Uke-rt.-
OSWALD KUBITSCHKI.
TO RENT.
Machinists and Manufacturers,
I will lease to a reliable party my large atone
machine abop and foundry, with capacity for work
ing 100 men, with the necessary toolsand machinery
for iron and wood work, with abundant water
power. In the business centra of the city of Joliet,
<0 miles from Chicago. Parties desiring to enter
stance Into a well established business will find
bnt few such chiocco. Address or cal! on the
owner, 63J West A’dams-st., Chicago.
L. F. SANGER.
TO BENT.
Houses furnished orunfurmflhod, small cottages,
suites of rooms, Ac., lu all parts oftbo city- Also,
a large bain on Staie-st., south of Fourteenth,
capable of hoWlngl4 horses or mote. Parties de
sirous of renting, buying, or selling, will do well
to call at ray office, as my list embraces property In
all parts of tho city.
WILLIAM D. KERFOUT,
SBEaat'WashiDgton«Bt.. “Burnt District.” _
GROCERIES.
N. C. DRAPER, ACT.
DANA,- HYDE 4 00,, BOSTON, MASS,,
49 WEST LAHE-ST., CHICAGO.
(Formerly 54 and Si Michigan-ar.)
A good assortment of Teas sated from fire, and
good stock of
Teas, Syrups, Coffees Brown Sugars,
Arriving daily. Orders promptly filled from Bos
ton or Ch I cage, as heretofore.
300 Half Chests Tea In stock here.
To my friends in tho Northwest and Far West
t desire to express thanks for past ftvors, and solid t
yoor orders and remittances*on doc and past due
accounts. y. c. PRAPER,
ISIiIUM, BOBBIN MH,
Office for the present In rear of
882 Pralrle-ar., corner Eightcenth-st.
We shall replace oor stock of groceries, and be
In condition to supply our customers In ten to fif
teen days, on the comer of Monroe-st. andMlchl
gan-av. We shall have, on sot. shoot: the J7th, a
email assortment of sugar, tea, and coffee, to dis
tribute in limited quantities to those whrt mainly
Cor their supplies, at this place,
rearof&uPmlrle-av., Uw .for exeenting
country orders at an early date are equ*'. any
bonse here, and we desire onr friends and patrons
te depend upon os for their comlhg wants as for as
possible.
mSCELLANZOUS.
Chicago Manufacteofs-
Wc hare ready for immediate nee, a brick build*
Ing 200 feet long by BO feet brmid,and three stories
high, with an 80-horsc power engine and boUurand
liacß of shafting and pollles, the whole adapted
for any manufacturing purpose*, with a trade from
the Chicago Northwestern EMlrpadraimlhg Into
the building, and surrounded by ample grounds
It can be set running at a day'a notice; _ Address
EDWARD P,. ALLIS A CO.. j
Reliance Worts, MRwaokec.
Paal Becker
AT
West Chicago Ladies’’Seminary, 15-aad IT South
Sheldon street, continues hie class In the above ln
etttatlahand can accommodate hlsNortb Sidepu-
MEDICAL.
Medical..
DU. BIGELOW,
formerly of 179 S..Clark*»U has fitted up his office
AT 73 SOUTH JLiLSTED/ST.,
where he can be consulted as usuaL
The Bennett CollcffO of Eclectic
Medicine ftiid Surgcix
will ro-open on Monday morning, October; 16, at
1015 Slate street, corner of Tventy-eeeond.: All
students desiring informsUoo will call at-.lbecoi
iece, or at the residence- of the Milton
Jay, M. D.. No. 1114 Indiana avenge.
SATES."
Safes.
Ourofflcecan.be fonndat t -f
no; 66 WEST MADISON-ST.,
We have ordered from oar'detory at, Cincinnati
and oor branch houses at St Louis, Louisville; and
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OF DIFFER
ENT SIZES,
which wfllbc'ready for delivery lailew days.
HALLOS RAPE AND LOCK CO.
BAILBPADS^
Chicago, Rock Island Pacific R. R.
Trains leave and arrive at Twenty-eecoud -a t.
station, on Clark.- l6 a. tn., 4:30 p. m.,
and 10p.m. Arrive—At 7 a.m., 6;45 a.’m., and 4;
10p.m.
Om«j corner of Clark
TO KSKX—HOUSES, _
TO KENT AND FOR SALE A BRICK
honsu, »1 rooms, tn one uf the locations m
the- Wear Division; can'be rented provided
furniture D purchased price of furniture, S-’.UiO
cash bon?e furnished throughout; rent low. Art
dreM SHEFFIELD, caro J. H. Rama, China Store,
West Madison-st., near Abertleen-flt:
mo ED HOUSE ON GREEN*
X wood Avenue near <l7th street, near Kenwood.
SNYDER i LEE, Real Estate Affenfs. No. 0. S.
Halstead street corner of Randolph street, 31a
sonic Rulldinjt. _
TO RENT—BRICK DWELLING CORNER OF
Trfcr-it- end Marsfleld*av. Inqnlro ofH. ALEX
ANDER, Jr.. comer of Morgan and Tyler-sts.
TO KENT—NEW BRICK HOURP OF FOUR.
Icon rootna on West Monroe-st.
barn, and carriage house. 11. WHIPPLE «fc Co.,
Room U. Masonic iJnildluu, corner of Randolph ami
tlnlated-at.'
O REST—BY OEOItGF. X HILL. 11l cillf
met-ov.. marble front bouse. No. 121 Calumet
av., 15 rooms; also house of roomsou \\*al>a»b-nv„
near Thlrty-flrst-at.
TO REN IV_.\ LARUE BRICK RESIUISNCK. Iti
rooms, cost front on Wabash-av.. near Four
tcenth-st.,for business purposes; alto a 3-ttorv
I and basement brick houeo, Iti rooms on Aliclumin*
i av„ north of Twcoty-sccond-at. SNYDER J5 LEE,
No. U Sonth Ilaletcad-st.. corner of Randolphst.
TO RENT-A PLEASANT”TE3fEM£XT OF
7 rooms, or lew, famished; farnltute for gale.
Also, a lino office, good location foradrcotlut or
physician. Address W, 820 Cottage Grove-nv.
For i'ie.nt uousET'Fnr
nlshcd complete, with barn. on West Monroe
at. A HELL
formerly l(W Washington**!
T'
lO RENT-TWO 'NEW MARBLE FRONT
bouses of VI rooms; all modem Improvements;
brick barns: Nos. ami mr» West Washlncton-et.
near Paulina nml west of Union Park. SNYDER
LEE, Real Estate Agents, No. 'j South Halsted
street, corner of Raacfolphst.. Masonic UuUdlng.
TO RENT—HOUSE AND FURNITURE. FOR
six months or longer. WM. C. REYNOLDS.
luSU Indiana-av.. near Twenty-thlrd-n.
mO RENT—A GOOD HODSE AND STOKE.
I centrally situated, at Hyde R;.>. Term* same
as before the fire. C. B. WAIT: 97Sfxtecnth-pt.
f|iO RENT—LARGE ROOMS FOR MANUFAC-
X luring purposes, with power furnished from a
2uo-hor»e power engine in Dctroil. Apply lo TOM
TENSQN GRAVES. Detroit, Mchlgan.
TO RENT-ROOMS.
110 RENT—TO ONE OR TWO BUSINESS
moo. a large front parlor and fine bedroon. both
elegantly famished, with separate entrance, so that
panics can be perfectly Independent Inquire at
354 Fulton-et., between Ann and Elisabeth.
fi\6 RENT—SUITES OF THREE ROOMS. OX
I Ist and 2d floors Thompson's Block, on
Madlson-st., suitable for insurance business or law
yer’s office, or anr light business. Apply to WM.
n.THOMPSON,i2OWcBtMadieoa st., Thompson’s
Block.
fllU RE.Vr-O.NU FINE BASEMAN V ROOM.
X suitable for a lawyer’* or physician’* oßlce. at
430 West Waahington-sL Also, large lofty rooms,
with board. Apply at -U3 West Wft>hlngton-st.
TO RENT—TDK SEBOND AND THIKD
floors and basement of warehouse 46 South
fer mercantile purposes. A. Kill-
TO RENT —AND FOR SALE, ROOMS,
houses, and ofllccs. BLANCHARD BROTH
ERS, Real Estate and Loan Brokers, S0» State-at.
TO BENT-STORES, OFFICES. Ac
TO liBNT—STORKS 032 AND 034 STATE-ST..
with or withoot basements; can be enlarged i
desired.
Also, store find large ice boose, soltable forpack-
Intj boose, with dwelling, at 247 Cottage Gro\e uv,
Floe location Cor the boalnoss.
Cottages and rooms In different parts of the city.
AH of the above will be rented at fair rate-, and
possession to-day if desired. Apply to GEO. 11
lIBSS. 389 Wamm-av.. from 7 to a. ro.; at Geo.
M, Scott's office, 74 West Waahington-st.. from iu
11 a. in. and 4t05 p. ra.; at irJ-J Stato-sL from 1-2 to
2 p m.
TO RENT—VALUABLE DOCK ON CHICAGO,
ar. Apply to BARNUiI RICHARDSON
Manufactanng Company. 04 Sooth Jcffersoo-aL
ffO RENT—THE FINEST BASEMENT ON
1 Stato-sL, near ILirrison, 50x100 feat. For par
ticulars, and to see It, apply to 283 State street, up
stairs.
TO KENT—FOR OFFICE, FRONT PARLOR.
No. ftVt Wabas-b-av.
TO RENT OB LEASE—LOT 40X131 FEET. uX
east aide of Halsted-st. between Randolph and
3yishiDffton-9ts. SNYDER LEE, Real Estate
Agents. No. 9 Httl*tcd-Et.
LOST AND rOUND.
Lost-ox Monday night a trunk was
lost a fen* blocks sooth of Nonh-av. bridge,
containing two account books of the Northwest
PaporCo. Anyone having knowledge respecting
them Is reonested to communicate it to the com
pany. 87 West Lake-st. A suitable reward will
ne paid, and no questions asked.
OST—FROM 166 WABASU AV ONE SOLE
leather trunk, marked E. R. T. A., Chicago.”
Carried off aboutSa.m. Monday. The tinder will
bo bandsomeiv rewarded on leaving at 384 Stale
st. ARMSTRONG 3; CO.
Lost ouu delivekv-wagon was
last seen going south Tall of goods, fcanlcd
by band power, on Michigan-av. Oar name in full
Uon the wagon. Finder will be well rewarded on
reporting to ARMSTRONG, BS4 State-st.
OST—TAKEN PROBABLY BY MISTAKE
from the office of the Metropolitan Hotel, on
Monday afternoon, October-9, a black leather
rallflc; the contents were of no value except to the
owner. Please retnm it to th.- Metropolitan Hotel
office, and a liberal reward will be paid, OEO. S.
HAND.
L" OST-TAKEX FROM TOE GARDEN Cm'
Honsc, just before It was burnt, a largo Sara
toga trunk, covered with canvas, upon tho ends of
which was printed the owner’s name. Tho trunk
was lilted with books, mostly inedical, many of
which had the owner’s name written on them. A
liberal reward will be given for Information of
said trank or books. Ac.. left at tho Barnes House.
J. IX. FREEMAN. Owner.
UST-*jO REWARD—OURINU THE FIRE,
on the North Side. Sunday nlcht, a trank
ailed with clothing and marked R. 31. Fair. The
al*ove reward will be paid for its return to IftSl
Wabash -av.
LOsT-UF THE MORNING OF THE 9TH,
from the front of *205,2UC or 207 Mlchlgan-av..
1 a largo pier glass or mirror, which, if returned to
J. W. FARLIN, 505 Michigan-av.. a liberal reward
will be paid.
Lost-on Monday night last. 2 bay
horses, welch about 11 cwt each, finder will he
rewarded bv bnnginpto 292 Firat-et., near Panlina.
FROSTBR’O’S, wood dealers.
TOST— $30 REWARD—TWO TRUNKS*
j tents, marked E. Sheldon,” and **F. B.
Sheldon.” Tranks marked “P. B. S.” Informa
tion left with WALDRON, NIBLOCK CO., i
Ktppgbnry-pt.-
Al OTTCE s3> REWARD—TWO TRUNKS.
IN plainly marked ”S. W.Swyer, Chicago;”
taken by a friend to earc. or stolen from lake
shore. Also, one chest, 3 feet lone, IfootdorlU
Inches square: eight camera tabes. Any party
returning any of the above will receive the above
reward. Leave same at Tribune office.
HEWARD-TUE BXFIiKSSiIAX WHO BE
celvcd upon hi.-* wagona Saratov Tmnk, mark
ed F. U. L., upon the corner of LaSalle at. and
Randolph, just as the fire reached that block, will
be liberally rewarded by rending the same to F. H.
Lon'j, owner. Xu. ICQS Wabaah-ar.
EW ANY
EWAKD-ANY PERSON' RETURNING TO
F. H. Lonff. the black trunk left in LaaaJle
Plrcct tunnel the nlsht of the Are, also three
framed pictures of I*. C., left with It. will be libcr
ally rewarded. No. 1033 Wabaab-nve.
n\AK.kN'FKOSI THE” REAKOP 2*5 ILLINOIS-
J, st.. Monday morning, dorin" the Are. aSeliptic
springe wagon. neatly new, body painted green,
wheels ted, no steps on; subsequently a horse was
let loose Into the street; the bone is black, with
white spot in forehead, no shoes on hind feet.
Whoever will return tho horse or wagon will be
suitably rewarded. JOHN GAMMELL, formerly
OS Bush-at. Communicate with Eagle 4s Co., 9U
West Late st.
bor reward—for the return of a
2) ,40 plain Chicbcring piano, Boston make, taken
from 23i> North LaSalie-at., together with fell load
of furniture. Apply to W. H. ESTEY, 181 and 1®
West Washinctoo-st.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Agents wanted.—now is .the time
to make a new start. We shall be able to dll all
orders after the SOtb. UNION PUBLISHING CO..
S6 Vlncenncs-av.
118 LARGEST AND FINEST FURNISIiEb
bonse In Englewood to exchange for improved
or unimproved business property; no incnmnnrnce;
cost fl.uoo. A new neat dwelling near Fulton-av.,
South Side; price £7000; easyterme. A floo new
residence on West Monroo-st., swell front, famish
ed, fl0,000; long time. Thtxe houses on Warren
av. for sale, and a fine brick residence on West
Washington,furnished; price $11,000. iLA.LAW
RBNCE CO., S3 South Canal.
MACHINERY.
Ames* engines, portables to ahorse
power; threshing. Sand 10-horae; circular saw;
mills, Foremen's grinding mills, com ehellers,
belting, etc. COLLINS EATON, Agent, 70 South
Canal-st.
LANOTS’ STATIONARY AND PORTABLE
engines and sawmills, etc., at the old stand,
romcr.f't Cnu.rJ and Washington-ets. F. W. NOR-
TtIBOP.
enr real estAte*,: v
FOR BALE-AT COTTAGE GROVE. SEVERAL
fine houses, with moncro .conveniences and
possession. A, J. SAWYER, 300 Colfax-av.
TJOB SALB-BY A- J. A VEKELL, AT HIS PRIST
JU cut office, 600 Wabash-ar.—house and lot oq
Drexel-ar.. two blocks south of Oakwoodrav
Lot »xl 80; boose 30x83 ft, nearly new. ftice'
s*o,ooo—cash, $3,000; balance on easy terms, or can
b»soldmnil»lwil.
PERSONAL.
MISSING— MBS. ERNESTINE SHMIDT, OP
211 East Bondolph-si., wants information of
her husband. Christ. S. Shmidt,.at the drug store.
No. 7T> Wg«t Randolph-st.
Ktstituun jtontfiCTb can tots ews*i> at
Wood'a, Siato-gt> ij
WANTED.
WANTED-THREB FIRST-CLASS TRAVEL
ling boot and shoe salesmen. Address B <fc
S, 106audios Water-stM Cleveland, O.; nsmbte
Salary, territory,,and sales made; referenda, etc.
ANTED-TO PURCHASE FOR CASH. A
good family horse, bnpry and harness, eoand
-free from vice, and a good traveller. Address
with fttli particulars, for two days, J. S. GADSDEN
fit Coaal-flt. 1 u’
BUSINESS CARDS.
GS. HUBBARD, JR,. REAL ESTATE AGENT,
No GSCanal-st.. will lease houses, collect
rents. scD real estate, and do all kinds of convey
anting. Several well located residence®' in. the
W«t Division for sale. AIT abstracts of title and
other papers in mv csrc saved from lata lire G S.
HUBBARD. JR.. 68 Canal-gt.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS:
Household goods—j. n.pike, auction
cer. is located at 737 West Lako-st., and ready
to-receive household goods and general merchaxf
dise on commission, or attend.to solas outside.
oTOCK OF PLR.NITUKB FOR SALE CHEAP,
O and store to rant or for sale: size 30x140 feet,
brick basement, and 3 stories. POWeatMUdteon-at.
THE “UN ION STEAMBOAT COMPANY]’—THR
up-frclght business of this Company will, be
done hereafter at their former down freight dock,
west end of lake street bridge, which wa»,un
banned by the fire. Office over T. M- Avery’s
lumber office. Consignees arc earnestly requested
to remove their property as soon, after arrival hetp
as possible. W. BULLARD, Agent.
WANTED— TO DISPOSEUFIMMEDIATELY—
and fUrnitore of two-story cottage- on
Prarie-ave. Bosses ran by door; everything naw;
boose in first-class condition; stoves, coaLgaa fix
tures. Ac., complete. No fancy price; jnat actual
oat; no bonus. Rent, $45. Apply at Morrb'Liv
ery Stable. Siitflcnth-st.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES,
I*OR SALE-BDTCHER cart and hah
neas. Inqntre at iMWeat Hadison-at,
AJiTEB-ISDIEDIATELY-TWESTT GO6 6
horses to hoard for the winter, good aiabft
c#re. twenty mllod from,Chlcago. Call at Tl2 West