

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-12 page 1 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-12/ed-1/?sp=1 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:25Z ========

THE RUINS.
Persons and Property
Guarded by United
States Troops, As
sisted by Vol
unteers.
Enconrajinff Meetings of the Board
of Me, Baiters, lawyers,
lerclianls, ani Bnsiness
lei Generally.
The Legislature to Meet in
'eiei Session Te-Mor
w to Consider the
Emergency.
Seventy Dead Bodies Recovered
from the Ruins Awaiting
Identification at the
Morgue,
The City, in’ Chirge of Lienlcnnni Oeninl
Sheridan—Martial Law Proclaimed
in tie Burnt District.
Full Description of the Devastated
Territory and of the Enins of
Prominent Buildings.
Partial JLUt of tlic Insurance
—lncidents, Announce-
ments, Etc.
YESTERDAY.
Owing to th' fact that the North Division was
atcmiblc only acres* Klmie and Division street
bridges and through the dark LaSalle street tun
nel. passage through which was forbidden to teams,
the people wiia. cstorday visited that quarter of
the city were chiefly th«*c who had formerly tired
there, and were bunting for shreds and scraps of
property, or vicre trying to find the places where
they had ouco lived and tho properly they bad once
owned. The great rush of visitors on foot and ic
carriages was across Randolph. Lake, and Madison
street bridges into Ihe South Division, People
from the West Side, from lower down on the South
Division, and strangers who had just reached the
city, all turned lu that direction,
and wandered from point [to point,
often puzzled as to their whereabouts, and seeking
in vain tor old tud familiar landmarks. The jwln
„’.paTbu»lueis iu the South Division yesterday was
the
DIGGING OUT OF SAFES
from the smoking bedding* In which they were
buried. Several persons were smart enough to
make Urn: a business, and thoy succeeded In pet*
;Jng all the work they'wanted. A few ropes,
shovels, lever,’,' onfl, occasionally,»little water,
made up the stock in trade, borne bad gotten oat
their fourth fate by *2 o'clock, and were hunting
arutmd in search of other jobs, Many of the (*afc<*
came up in excellent condition, while
others wtre Jim most deplorable
wreck*. One of Herring’s lay on
River strcctoenr Itasii .street bridge, the Interior
woodwork gain;, and all the papers charred. The
Harris safa of D:‘c:!irnb.icbcr who is in the tobacco,
business on Water street, wa* al*o found to he
worthies*. It contained pipers valued at about
SIO,iiOO. Others were taken out which had appar.
•rally paired unharmed through the fiery trial.
Others which had bjcn <i|*encd were found to be
in excellent condition. All things considered, they
have stood rather tetter than wn* expected.
Many which have been gotten out will not be
opcuc-1 for a day or two. until they get somewhat
couled njk EcVickcr was working to get out his
yesterday anil they were aUo laboring on one or
two in THE TRIBUNE Building.
Another business was started by a man In a cart,
who drove down Randolph to the lake displaying a
signor “Removal sign* |uiutod here,'’ so Unit
]mtbou* desirous of slicking up upon the ruins of
ihelr .-lures a notice .of tliu places at which they
intended to reopen business could do *O. Nothing
Strikes the eye more.favorably, In going near the
South Sid), than the great number of these little
BULLETIN BOARDS.
which have been roughly lettered off with notices
of removal. generally to Watiaeb avejme or to West
Canal or Randolph street*, and they give abundant
proof that the energies of the merchants have not
been crushed ontby the" catastrophe which haa be
fallen them.
THE. STREETS.
On crossing the river at MadUon street there Is
vaaancyoa the north side of the street, aud uclb
iuucl.-c, and with a few noticeable exceptions
there remain but insignificant and one-story relies
«>f once fir.-i class buildings. I-aw’s coalyard, on
t lie south hide of the street, is on fire, and even
where the fiames have not broken out, the white
Mnoke is pouring out at h fearful rate. .Some of it
may, however, be saved, by the liberal and con
stant use of water. Beyond there, going
east, there is practically nothing until the relics of
he Otis Block are reached at (be corner of LaSalle
nd Madison. Just to tbo ntli on LaSalle, the
walls of the Arcade Building, which was Immedi
•njc’.y in the rear of the Farwcll Hall, remain com
paratively intact.
THE TRIBUNE BUILDING.
THE TRIBUTE was, by several bums, thclaat
newspaper in Chicago to survive the general
destruction, and its magnificent fire-proof building
was the Inst to succumb, although it bad been sur
rounded by fire on two tides for about four hours.
The building was a perfect model of architectural
elegance, uud had been constructed throughout
with reference to safety end durability in case of
fire. Thu ceilings were of coriugated Iron, resting
upon wrought iron “1" beams, while every parti
tion wallin the entire structure was of brick. It
was, in all rcsjiectN one of the most absolutely
fire-proof” buildings ever erected. That is. it was
fire prool up to the date of its destruction. It was
completed in April, INKi, at a coat of about fiS,-
003. and its content* were fully $100,030 wore.
Itelying upon the integrity of their edifice, THE
TRIBUNE comjmny-'had takon no insurance, al
though they now have little cause to regret this
neglect. lu the corner of the first flour was the
counting room and business office, with a fire proof
vault for the safe keeping of records, valuables,
etc. Ou the Madison and Dearborn street front*
were elegant stores of various kinds, all filled with
Mucks of goods, lu the basement were the boilers
and engines, two of Hoe's eight-ciliudcr presses,
fcveral folding machines, large quantities of print
ing paper, and a vast uf Dilscellaucona
machinery, tools, appliances oud nuiluni! necuuary
to the canning <m of u great newspaper.
The kbcond and.third floors of the building wore
devoted to ofliccs, allot which were occupied. Ou
the fourth floor w re 1 1 ho editorial aud comjoelng
rooms, all mpcrbly filled up.
As stated above, .the building withstood the
Etorm'for several hours, and it was not until 10
o'clock on Monday forenoon, sis hours after it bad
seemingly escaped, that it was reached from the
eastward from McViikcrV Theatre. The Interior
woodwork aiid cotubuftiblc malarial was consumed
stance, but the floors and walla generally remained
iot'aet. although all wore so bll?te red,'crocked, and
xw I tied a* to be almost worthless for future use.
In the jtrivute ulliee ol the business manager ou
the ground floor was a relic of the siege of Parle, A
Jim pp shell, which was fired by the heat, trad, os
THE CHICAGO TEIBHNE.
VOLUME 25,
plodlug, toro nwi Jo breach in t'.i. w ;:i ;j
vicinity.
HA ecarcb among the nml* reveals 1’ „rr*.tiring
ftcl that the twucigbf cylinder preae-. dried ;t
üb«mt SOO,OOO, are not seriously d*r.v,jj:j. It if.
believed lhatbolh can bo restored to v-v.oo -u a
email cost. The four tattle., arc also all u;l t. In
cluding the two which were on the pmt v- Sru tj;-
men got nared and left.
THE POST OFFICE BUILDING
alto stood well, Us walls>clng intact, acJ ite mrf
U not entirely gone. It can probably 1*
At the northeast comer of State an- ?:-dii.‘n
directs stands,comparatively uninjured, me yatLi
hihed brown stone front which was creel!" !L< r'
Since there was nothing in it to bam, i’> front
shows very few traces of fcorchlng. The m.-rrak j
which stood in front of it has fallen against one
of the nppcrwlndows. but las broken
Of the magnitlcent block ocdbpiud by the V«.mot
News Company. S. C. Griggs Jt Co., only :r..g
mentremains, tbeeou(hxv»sf-n' eoi-i;; i*;; oa’.i
rising trUv* •■'i-o:/, ~'ory
At c
kinj.-ton s-.i C *tsu tin
o-bl} Wa\ i’u‘ Me
trj;;| I fis
AVluNai.
Ls pcifcftly m/c, <tiU doors
Field. Jung «t Co. retain their office
j n t;-c basement, where Hobart Law 1* also in
stalled, and If the room were only swept
out, and the pieces of pajiur removed, no one
could perceive that anything hod gone wrong over
head. Unquestionably the comparatively slight
repairs will put it In order again, and It will serve
aa a nucleus fur building in that quarter.. Turning
cast Into
WASHINGTON STIIEET,
the way It encumbered with the limestone blocks
which oucc formed part of Field, teller A Co.’s
store, aud which were thrown there when ehr
building was blown u;». Mixed up with brick, tel
egraph wire, aud other debris, it makes a mass of
rubbish which ought to have impeded the progress
oftheflimes, but did not do ao. Down in the
basement, piles of dry goods arc still burning and
emitting an unpleasant stench. On the opposite
side of Washington, the photographers’ places and
the other stores have vanished, while
DRAKE'S BLOCK
is decidedly more of a ruin than it was a year ago
The question of ibo removal of the
SECOND PRESBYTERIAN
congregation has been eternally settled. The hard
limestone walls of the church resisted very well,
notwithstanding the slight amount of hltnmen in
them. The southern tower remains, and the walls
are all upon a level vltha point Just aliore the top
of the great front window. The experience of this
fire has been rather unfavorable to the softer.
LIMESTONES
from Leicoat, and has shown that, after all. a thick
wall of good brick will stand as well, and resist
the action of the flames ns well as any stone that
is need here, excepting granite. The eflect of the
fire upon the Athens marble baa been remarkable.
In some places the stone has disappeared alto
gether. In others, such os the LaSalle street front
of
THE COURT HOUSE,
it has been gnawed and eaten away, or fallen off
ia great flakes. The sandstone and granite may
not bare been exposed to so Intense aflame, but
t hey certainly stood very well. Tno
TRIBUNE BUILDING
was badly scorched, hat Hie stone was not mate
rially injured-
DEARBORN PARK
has been taken possession of by Keen A Cooke and
Lord A Smith, while right across the way, on the
BASE BALL GROUND.
the fence surrounding which, bos been wiped out.
Is a sign to the effect that parties wanting room on
pnbllc grounds most go to C.B. Farwdl, at tbs
corner of Thirteenth and Michigan avenue. Tho
American Merchants’ Union Express have obtained
possession ofa part of the ground, including tbe
diamond, n n 4 Grey Brothers have bold of the north
fiftyfeet of tbe base ball lot. C. T. Holies, dealer
in stoves, have also begun running up a small
booth. Tbe ground is covered with piles of lum
ber, and boars a more striking resemblance to
Cheyenne la its incipient days than anything cl*o.
THE IRON »TDHiC>
of J. V, Ayer: Hall, Kimbark A Co., and other*, on
Michigan avenue, between Lake and Randolph
street*, present a curious spectacle. Tlwy are
filled with iron twisted, distorted, and boot oat of
all shape, while across the street the Immense iron
rafters and beams have been dealt with in the most,
extraordinary fashion. In many of these storey
and, indeed, generally io the large wholesale warc
.houecs, the fires were still burning, and, of course,
no attempt was made Jo pot them out. The side,
walks of
THE UNION DEPOT,
(hick and strong, are still standing, but 11/ C
offices in the rear have caved io except at the north
east corner, when) one I all pinnacle remains. The
building occupied by the Chicago, Burlington
Quincy aud Michigan "Central Road* has been
gutted, but the walls are still partially standing.
The Michigan Central freight depot has also been
cleaned out, though the walls ore uji to lha spring
of the roof. Quite an amount of sugar was lost
here. Just south of this depot half a dozen cars
were burned, the (racks yet remaining on
the track. .Near by was a car which
had just run up from Tolono on the Jilt-
Illinois Central Road filled with provisions, gener
ally bread and cheese, some of which were issued
on Hie spot to hungry men who happened to "be
nearby. The trains of the Illinois Michigan
Central stop just {a front of the old depot.
STEAMERS FROM .ABROAD.
At the head of the slip whiih lies just
west of Elevator A was the Providence,.
oncAf the five Amoekeag steamers which came on
from Piiuvorgh, and the Pharalr, of Detroit, en
gaged in pumping tester through a long line of hoac,
past the ruins of the JfasaxfO jt House,to wet down
the ruins beyutuL Another engjqa JT* f near the
Centra! Elevator, playing upon as ifluncseo I#U of
wheat, which was in
ELEVATOR A,
and which was bursting out in little puffs of smoke
all over tu surface. It cannot be very easily
extinguished, and ail that is to be expected U that
It will gradually moulder away.
THE MARINE HOSPITAL,
an old acd substantial building, is in very good
order, comparatively. Of course the Inner walla
and the roof arc gone, but Ibe outside wails have
btoodilvery well.
U is not possible to ascertain as yet the entire
amount of
SHIPPING LOST
along the river and the branches. The Narariod,
however, a new vessel belonging to Captain Good,
rich, was lying off Goodrich’s docks, and tried to
run not, but stuck just beyond and behind Hath
bone's stove manntactory on the north side of the
river and sank there, her boilers now being just
visible. Eight or nine schooners and brigs were
also caught near Ibe mouth of tho river, and burn
ed to the water's edge. From Hush street bridge
cast, on tho north bank, the coal heaps ore In a
blaze. Rathbone's piece, and oil immediately cast
of that, arc safe. Rush street bridge Itself is a
hopeless and utter wreck, as is also the State street
one.
THE GREAT WHOLESALE HOUSES
on River street bate been complelcly>wcpt away,
and nothing is left to give an Idea of what wan
once done there, except that in same placet there
is iron, and in another a quantity of lima which
has been effectually rulnod by the beat. Along
here were one or two burnt safes, and as many dis
gusted, bat BDComplaining, owners.
Water street is done for, and State street, from
the bridge to tho Flret National Bane, is in the
t .w|t condition. At the northwest corner of Clark
and Water streets one comcrofa building Is stand
ing, but ought to be taken down as soon as possl
hie.
THE SHERMAN HOUSE
has totally disappeared, and the remains in that
part of the city ate so scanty as lomake it almost
iin]>ossiblo to identify localities. On many of these
streets women and children were engaged in
COLLECTING SCRAPS
of Iron and all kinds of rubbish from the sUllhdt
building*. Some boy* had (baud ou Water street
a lot of China dull haWs, scorched hat unbroken,
and were carrying them off as relics. Three men
were also moving up (be river in a rowboat, intent
on doing a Utile wrecking; If they got a chance.
Tho burnt district U now to thoroughly patrolled
by regulars that there.need.l* no apprehensions as
to Urn perpetration of more thefts.
Tlicoldpsn of
THE COURT HOUSE
Is gutted, hut the wings have stood very well, and
the first floors are aafe. Tho Briggs House cellar
alone remains. Wentworth hw secured the Laclede
and will bo open to day as the Brigge JJogef, The
j walls ofthe first story of the; Board of Trade build
Ugarc still tiandirg.
j The effict of the fire upon the dlflercnt kind* of
f i arcmcntlus been very curious.' As a pialier of
j »ur« the atone st«oJ It the l«a. hut the large
i cobble stones split la many Instances. Tbc
-ispbalt laid in the Court House square whs nut Is
J jnted at all. The new cylindrical
BLOCK PAVEMENT
j on Clark street stood It very well, except In one
f {li e, where the tar kettle had run over and a great
was eaten oot. The tar was gone from bc-
I t’- -<n the blocks whom the gravel had.not befen
j laid no it, but tho blocks were generally uninjured.
J Tb pavements on Madison, Houdolph, and the
other streets were In much better condition than
j w.i• t* cpecled. They wore badly honeycombed In
!.ioy place*, ami sometime* twisted and itjo
Lm. i, lint can be generally repaired. Thu rails of
i ill: rtrcct car> were In many cates badly sprung,
kills are uninjured.
THE SOUTH SIDE KOAD
letlily have its track all required to-day,
i x. in take the West Side companies buln
i lii oto relay theirs. There is considerable
lebiis in msny of the streets, hut
TUE WOKK OF CLEANING
Ims already begun. The sidewalks, wood and
stone, have gone, the large limestone Mocks split
ting and caving lu. Along the South Branch
LINDS BUILDING i
flands, and Ihe Keening Mnil has Us office there. 1
'Hie coal yards south to Madison street are still
burning, ami will do so deajdtc the water, wilh lire
exception of the one at Randolph street bridge, j
.Tfcc LaSalle strict tunnel is In perfect order, but,
on account of the darkness there, and the fear of t
accident?, no carriages were allowed logo through.
There are no records In them at present,-and. If fl
any were stored there, they have been destroyed.
PRESERVING OItDEK.
The leal headquarter* of the oulcr-prescrvlug
force of the cily I* now at Nu. bOO Walmj'h avenue,
where tJcacial Phil .Sheridan lias established hit.
headquarters, in the lion»c formerly occupied by
the Phteulx Club. Here the head of the city has
planted a pine table and entertained hU numerous
visitors.
Th&force at the General** command, in ndditlou
to the city regular aud special police, cousbtri of
erven companies of regulars and fix
of volunteers. The former are from'
Omaha and other western points, and
arc all camped upon the site of the Ball Park, on
Michigan avenue. To them, us the most trust
worthy and vigilant force at baud, ha? been en
trusted the care of the South Side burnt district,
reaching from Harrison street to the main river. Jn
this space is at present the wealth aud treasure of
Ibcclty yet in safes.aud in most cases buried In
the ruins. The numbers of
THIEVES
now known to be in die city, and the presump
tion that they will make the safes their objective
point render this disposition of the troops the most
prudent one possible. The orders to the mntluoU
last night were of the strictest possible kind, aud It
will be woudcrfuliudced if the rnflianly element
shall triumph.
THE MILITIA
arc from Bloomington. Springfield, and Cham
paign in this State, and number six companies in
all. They arrived In the city on yesterday
morning under orders from Adju
tant General Diiger. and wore Immediately sta
tioned in different parts of the city to repress pil
lage, nnd generally to preserve order. Two com
panies were placed on the corner of Prairie avenue
and Twanjy.pecond street, and were as fiue-Icoklog
men as one could sus. They were from the Illi
nois Industrial University at Cliampalgp, and 3
heartier, healthier, more Intelligent set of men
would lie hard to find.
Ono other company of wgs stationed at
tho corner of Canal and Wilson streets, for the
protection of tho thoroughly-affrighted residents of
that portion of the city.
Another company was placed on IJaWcd street,
with bead-quarter* at the railroad elation. On
Twelfth street.
TITE NORTH SIDE
did not need much military protection in its dil
apidated coudltlon, and was abundantly guarded
by two militia companies stationed io Lincoln
Park.
A part of (lie Champaign company was also
at tl|e coruer «>f Randolph and Elizabeth streets
GENERAL bIJEUIHAN'
seemed satisfied, th?l the .city yaa pvr/ocily safe
under the protection already#! fc#ml; hut. iu pnl<;y
to assure this, more troop* will arrive shortly.
Three additional companies of regulars were os*
peeled last night, and ten companies more will ar
rive to-day, making a force large enough to keep in
onlcr all the rough* in the United Stales.
ANOTHER ADDITION
foifys order force of the city wax on yeelorday
starred by Qcneral fpjnk Sherman, under author
ity from Mayor Ma;oji and Sheridan.
This will .consist .91 9 ycgimcqi
of uiiiltU to Up recruited by trustworthy
men for twouiy-day fcfyfco. 'fhc'.rcgipre/if wjfl
consist of ten companion of sixty meg, an*) thru#
officers each. Tho Colonel Jm« established his
bead-quarters at UlO Wabash Avenue Methodist
Church, corner of Harrison street, and the only
members of his staff yet known are (MI, Dyer,
Adjutant, and Martin Bjnn, Commissary and
The.foljowjqgff.e of the Captain* en
trusted with the railing «f Iff ih.# jjr#cr
of their appointment; I'Jiil. Wftflswpi tli, Japics
Steele, T. 11. Whittlesey, L. 0, (Joojjrich, Jqim
Fisher. Paul Fnech, John Paul, H. S, Farnsworth.
J. K. Fisher, and W. E. Rogers.
The only Captains of companies, who had report,
cd tjpdr recruiting offices on hut evening, were the
following:
T. 11. WUUloiflv, corner Twelfth and Stale
streets.
S. 8. Farnsworth, No. 1C South Green street.
J. K. Fi*ber, corner Indiana avenue and Six
teenth street
If*. g. Rogers, corner Canal aud Madison streets,
THE NGJITJI DIVISION
present* a sod and dreary lafpUcajv. Crpesi/yj the
river byDiviflluo street bridge a vast swecpofdcsor
Jstiou stretches out before the eye. With tbo ox.
c eptiouof a few pieces of solid masonry standing
up here and there, monuments of departed glory,
everything has been leveled to the ground, and 00
yesfigcsromainoflbe wooden buildings which lined
the streets 09 that s((Jc of the river. Along Division
Street .nothing .can ftc recognize# gotil Sedgwick
street is marked by three jagged pprncra qf what
was once Franklin School- Thente toNort# ate*
nnc there is not a trace on either sidp of the road.
&0d yesterday persons wandered around In search
of the sit?* of their homes, hoping to find among
the debris some rcmrtsnls Of their property. The
fences and sidewalk* arc all gone, find the rails arc
bent aud curved, io some place* rising as high as
three feet. A brick tower tells where the North
Avenne Police Station stood, amjsf/injllng oat In
bold relief against the sky arc the waifs and
towur of 9t. Michael’s (Gorman) Chorch, on North
avenue. The wails do PQt appear to have suffered
much, and seem to bavp withstood tbo beat better
than and building on Jbo North J3lde. Th* Calhp’lc
Church of which the Roy. Iff- BnjJer tyaa the pas.-
lor, baa vanished ontlroly.and to bos tho Alexiau
Hospital, except part of s side wall, which rises
high and grim. Between these landmarks nothing
but rubbish remains. From Sedgwick, along
North avenue, to Orchard, everything is gone, tho
Newberry School having been a barrier to tho
fuythpr progress westward of the flames. Tho
sebeoj house i* ffPW
{A HOUSE QF KgpUpß,
and oa£h room la .crowded with men, women, and
children, as many as Dvcrjty families Ijelpg in each
room. Food is being dualt mjt fo i|jcm sqDJclent
to supply their wants, and crowds of perscss are in
line allday getting rations.
BOUNDARIES OF THE PIKE.
The only part of tho North Division that escaped
was lbs aogla honj|i}uii on the south by North
avenue, on the cast by Orchard etrppt, amlon the
west by tho river. Tho line of destruction ran
northeast trout the Newberry School, striking
i Webster avenue near Lincoln place, and continuing
Ibcnco to the lake. All cast of Uulbnrt street to
the city limits, all cast of Orchard to the lake, and
all south of Orchard was destroyed.
A (u>v solitary bouses stand. Oueoflhcsc on Lin
pojrj plafe. Is a white cottage, which remains
gnscajhed in the njfdsl of the dreary waslu eur
founding It-' A policeman named Bellinger, an in
valid, was the occupant when the fire raged. He
bafllcd Up 11)0 'BldcwalkTos far ;as possible
Isolating bljshoiuc,;.! Then bepompd water over
(bo building uotii pone lpfl, jad the
waterwas all gone, he look hisUderout of.his
cellar and used it in thu same way. ’i lie house is
now occupied by three famllit a, one of them hulug
Commissioner Gund's.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12. 1871.
lake. It la a gloomy ro:xd to travel now. Despair
breeds over tho frier of the ground, and nothing ex
ists to mark the thousands cf happy homes swept
away on that dreadful night.
Striking Lincoln Park, the trace of the besom of
destruction is visible oxen there. The fences have
all gone, and some of the railings around the
graves in the Old Cemetery are tcorcbotL and
burned. The fire did not .penetrate far Into the
park, as Itdid not reach It until ahont II o'clock on
Monday night, when the welcome rain was fail
ing in torrents.
so»t hern it may be Interesting to 'state that a
the same hour, the Haines caught John A. lluck's
lionso.lxsyond the city limits'and. it was the lasi
house destroyed.
The hotucKo. £O3 Clark street,! saloon opposite
Lincoln Park.keptby Mr. C. ItaggU stands.unbar
Ed, mid so do txvo horn-da n short distance boulh,
one of them b’clug a handsome liruwn front hon? c
not entirely finished. Tho eipai« of those build
ings may be attributed to llielr isolated position.
The panic Is true of the residence of Mahton D.
Ogdon at the comer ofOak and Dearborn. There It
stands In all Its beauty, not even the fence scorch
ed, Considering the Intense bent by.whlch it was
Ihrealcacd, Ito escape was remarkable.
Staudingnorlhcnst of tbc Ogden tuanshmun the
lake (•hore.nre two dilapidated talus of Hack's aud
Hivory'e mammoth breweries. They ore a total
wreck. Tbo lower stories and ut intervals pieces of
heavy masonry survived the shock.
Unity Church, so recently reared In all its beau
lifnl proj«oitlous byjlhe iiidomitahlo energy ofJtur.
Itobert Collyer and his congregation, stands now
*trip|>edofall its grandeur, a rained pile of blister
ed stone. The walls are solid, and the towora am
not malerioL'y damaged, but the building U gutted'
ftimi hnsemet to root.
Next to U area few windows marking the alia of.
a Urge Mono residence,mnl Immediately sooth of jl
arc the roofies* walls of the .New England Church,
one of the most elaborately finished edifice* cf the
kind hilhticonnlry. Those who hare eeeo Hagoi
goous decoration* indils munt feel Miy for it
fata.
Robert Cullyer's old fchurcli, onthc comer ol
Chicagoavenueand Dcaibom street, moic recent
ly used by the Baptists, has all disappeared bu
the basement.
TbcW ater Works stood the fiery lott well. The
tower is intact. The walls of the Immense engine
house arc still perfect, the roof only being destroy
ed. It was strange how It took fire. The flames
bad only reached Ohio street, when suddenly and
in an instant, the roof was and the’
men lurldc rnnning for their lives. The
buildings intervening were untouched,
and It seemed as If an invisible
tongue of flame shut across and slincfc tbe roof
with the rapidity and fatality of lightning. Tbe
assistant engineer bad barely time to stop the en
gine, aud shoot to tbe men to open the safety
valves and save themselves. This occurred at 7:9)
on Monday morning, np to which time there was a
full head of water on, with only one engine run
ning. Such Is thcl account given by Mr. Crcgicr,'
the engineer. A Urge force of meu arc hard at
work on the machinery, which Is expected to be
ready for use early next week.
Bill's and Sands' great breweries, near the
Water Works, on the lake shore, are badly dam
aged, the roofs are gone, and the walls cracked and
torn.
The German church on Chicago avenue, Dear
State street, can bo identified by the luu-crucal
story, which remains.
The Church of (be Holy Name is wrecked all bat
the spire. That solid piece of work stand* as good
as ever, and the new htory recently added by
Frank Agocw shows by its substantial appear
4qce that It was the work of a faltl fpl and .skilful
mechanic. About a zuputh flgp Mr, Jphß
Ponlia began the frapiewurk pf the
Rpper portion pf the spire, which reaphojl
n total hclgfit of 300 feel. It wady for
slating, but the fierce wind of Mondey night, aided
by the fire, blew it down, aud it I* rumored that six
men wore injured by tbe'falllng timbers.
The Orphan Home, conducted by thcbijtctaof
Mercy, which stood In the block alongside the
chnrcb, Is gouo entirely. ButllUlO; of the wreck
remains. It was there that 230 .orplmn children
found a home, and were educated hy the pkua
women who devoted their lives to the holy work.
The Children bad a narrow escape, and.but for. the
effort* of Mr. J. U. Sail Ivan, who drove them away
in hi* wagon*, many of them would have fallen a
sacrifice to the rclcntlesj* destroyer.
comp IlfO Jllajorlcnl Sccicly, on Cutario
ttrccf*. \la precious i»xupioifß, ui«*
jjllcrly /jQJlrny.cil. 7’h«ro W(la jhe*orlg|na] Kyan.
tlpallon Proclamation and p e.illoptlon pf inept I
toos ofihc war lliat would barn U*on prim) by All
fultireago*. TUo building wtw Intemlpd to be fire'
'proof.aitd Its maasivowalls would lead anyone to
l)cllcvc that nothing could shake or dertruy them.,
K worth! worn, however, thnt not even ft conlj
lirennl tin* fiery wave (bat Ijcat and Barged against
U. Tfto JrelHlug Is now a borp of stone. Two
arched wlndo’wa'ln Ibo sonlfi tjtid of ±c'font are
al] ibai nrnialur Arte there a reouumentof'a
building, amj.worw’tl.au of ‘smith Vwclvo
felip'4'*crcat}|fos W'jjft pp »«pßf K3 fe *C
twatb )bc blisjjclcbh mays off übbjsh-
St. Jamfjft’ Episcopal P|i»rfb bar |qrt 11* rpof
and floors, but otherwise tho injury la apparently
PII A triangular piece of wall ie all that survived of
the old Market Hall, a place of some notoriety and
;t»ter«»t In thoblstoryof the city.
1 jdacc o) pm Kinsjo School knows it n 0
pjorc! and'itfl site can w not wiifionl
X,, s)!l!lck<}r|jyflf«irt|fsr north <jn LaSalle street
stood a church, of which oply )h? *9*f?r “lid
walls remain. f f J
We have gone the rounds, the dismal round* 01
desolation, cod have Indicated the.- prOftlflCfit
structures that have left a Iracc behind.. They are
few fay {fctrreen. Tooiuaads, of booses, o 1
happy howoa and’presptrvo* bwslucsn marts,, re.
raaln unrecorded, for so completely "are they
blotted out that even their owners and occupants
cannot positively locate their bites.
It la worthy of notice that scarcely a street has n
y&?4 of wqodcn sidewalk remaining, and those who
witnessed (he coDflagraljon kp a qw full well the
fatal certainly wilhwhJcU they conduced tho fir*
from block to block, even'across vacant blocks.
They were as perfect conductors of fire as stool Is of
streets the Nlcolson pavement was bad
ly homed, and It was scorched more or loss cvery-
where.
There has been ranch distress and no.small
ampaufof actual sulfcrlug among the people-of
tho North DiyiclQii. 'When jrelfeatlng tjotdrc the
fire like a manner at sea without a coiqpui they
did not know where ihoy wore going. -They sought
refuge in all aorta of places. ‘Under the sidewalk
at the Division and North avonuo bridges families
laid down weary and exhausted to get that sleep
which they needed so much. One case Is worth
relating.
Jajjjcs Roche, a teamster, told tbo tale about_
himself and Ip* ftmlif. JJc Jived with bla wife and
six children, at 40 Glen atrset, negt Franklin. In
the early part of- the fire be used, hia horses
and wagons helping bla friends to remove Ihelr
furniture, I?hcp b|s Q\m property was threatened
he loaded lb® WSgflna »»h I* lß fiooda., rmqo bed
ding «mong Hm rest. Jflswlfc pat |3OO In green
backs in ana of the beds, and rented back.tptho
honseto save something.cUtt- Before alio could
get ont a blazing fagot fell on the beds. Inthe
wagon and set It on fire. Her ciothea caught
in the house, and to save her life her hat
band was forced to tear tho clothes' 'lrom
he- body. She had literally nothing on her
ai£l yscaped >yiif| ghqwg bjsnket around her.’ The
eldest daughter jxas .lAidht.
They took refuge under the alflewal|c: near
Aycnucftridgo,‘and wore there attwb o'clock yes
terday, wheuib& .hgsbasd camo down fovvn to got
her some clothes. He stated that ho_ did »qt*^|p. i
cu.*d, and bis wife would not stir, from her, biding
place wilhont some covering.- They bad.only two
hors* blankets to cover them, and IWed on a barrel
of ilour which tyas abouf Jhg tjnly thing t|}ey
Throe njiqjstara api} a Catholic ejereynpn ?lcp k
under tho sidewalk one night, “itch U the SWc
mcutofjlr. Roche hlmsolf. v.'
PUBLIC MEETINGS.
MERCHANTS. BANKERS, ETC.
A ftq hgiiU.hjjk'i.f.
an'l oLhqra. nbotycre In hasiiivuginfhe gont}yHlr|:
he'd at Standard Ilal'.-a rKrorTblrtoonlh
alrect'and illchlgaa'avc’nno,’ at 2 o’clock; yejitertsy
gftcjTioon. The of the assembly, as
?9 IhP p»l|, to arrgngj for Ui s resumption fif
nusliicss. and to |*oricci H«TB »hd hf
prusont omcrgoncios,
Ex-Aldcrma« Wicker tnl!o 1 th 3 mcotlug to or.
der. 1I« said:
Gentlemen; A meeting was called bore last
evening at which an organization txtk place, and I
was made ffa Chairman. The'objects oftbatmect
ing were lo provide for the wants of the duslitnle
for protection, and lor such mesetirca as might I>e
deemed necessary for tho rc-cjtabllßbmeDt ofbnsl
uc.-5 and for the rebuilding ofourcify. Nothing'
definite was concluded njiun. A motion was made
to api>°bii an Executive Committee, hot It was do
firred until this altsrnoon. I. as Chairman, was
instructed to telegraph the Governor and reqneet
him to call a sisalon of the Legislature fiume
diately, which I,did, and I received this answer:
Springfield, Oct. 10.
G. "Wicker-.
Tho Legislature iscallmlto meet on the 13Ui
ioeU,Krid*y. JOHN SL PALMEIL
Tho object of this piceliqg is to api>uint an Ex
ecutive CoinmlUoo, -I &appeae since provisions
have been made-by .General Sbcriihui to protect
our cltlzuua all we ha\x loalou to proceed to re
establish and rebuild tho «ly. To this end let us
proccodat once tliat some thing may be accoup-
Usbed as sooa as possible!
Hon. ,1. C. Dure. It eo happens that" a meeting
urban kens and merchants and others bad been
called for this very hoar, at Ihe corner of Ami and
Washington streets, with a view to locate the city
government over there.’
A voice :Is that official?
■Mr. Dore: I will give you myaulhcrity.
A voice: I knuWlt !ul>cm.
Mr. Dore: My authority -Judge Bockwith
David Cage, and B. C. Ayer.- They requested that
the bankers and others adjourn their meeting; and-"
repair Immediately to the corndr of Ann aid Wash,
ington, and I am requested to ask this meeting to
adjourn and meet at that place, as they have agreed
to keep that meeting open until we get there. The
Post Office, the Custom House, the banking inter
cat I*ben, and the Insurance officer* would bo betc:
lf>rc hod any. Out mercantile Interest Is here, and
we want thu diy government hetts, Thla Ik
to be' a kind of grand centre, aud I am
told that ibis hall has, been tendered free to
our city. It is a city hall, almost. In llsetl.
rhopc that before we adjourn an Executive Com
mltioc' wljl be appointed, end 1 will a»k thoChalr
man lo pohilpatc the committee, and that the com
nilttce draw up such a communication,as they
think proper, and submit U to o ueellng to-be held
at 3 o’clock to-morrow ahernuon. I now move
that the’ Chair appoint an Executive Committee of
‘seven* whoso doty It shall be to present to this
meeting !©-morrow a communication such uk they
may deem proper.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clunrnum: I have received a despatch from
Mayor Mason, which the Clerk will read. In that
connection I might say that agreeably to a Tele of
the meeting last night this hail was tendered fur.
thenseoftbu ciiy government, and thaSocrctaty'
was requested to furnish -that information ta tie
Mayor.'
The Secretary, Mr. M. A. Meyer, then read the
following telegram*
Springfield, Oct. 11.
t R*S. Mason, Mayor of Chicago:
Tba Legislature called for Tuesday. 13lh of
.October. Send down ’a committee to suggest*
measures for relief of your people. Everybody is
disposed to aid yon, and It la desirable that some
of vonr Senators and Ueptvseniatlvee come.
JOHN M. PALMER.
Written on the back of tbb despatch was the fol
lowing;
Will the meeting, at 3p. m., appoint a committee
in compliance with this request.
It. B. MASON, Mayor.
MR. Dore. I have telegraphed the Governor
to comp hero and comprehend the position. I
think it would be wplj, bovrevjr, to appoint a com
mittee.
Mr. Kellogg. At n meeting of merchants tli*
morning, I was authorized, in the name of C. B,
Fanvell and Marshal Field, to telegraph. Gov
ernor to meet us at Standard Hall, to confer, with
the merchants in relation to this great calamity. I
have telegraphed, but l»ve Dot yet received an am
swer.
The Chairman. The citizens have been well eared
forby.the city authorities; The commUteo alluded
to wilt consist of the following named gontlemsu
General John' A.' Logan'Chauncoy Bowen. J. C.
Dore, W.’ P.' Coolbangh,’ J. M, Walker, Butter
.Palmer, Judge Otis. 1
On motion, the Chairman and Hon. C. 1). Fax
well were addM to the committee.
Oii mQtlod oT Mr. Dore,'the meeting adjourned
to attend Lhd mecclng at ;Anu and Washington
struct*.
South Side merchants, hanker*,- manufacr
lurers, and others are requested to meet at Stand
■ard 11*11, corner of Thirteenth street and, Michigan
avenue, si 3 oMock this ahtirpoou..
UAXpife ASjT
There wc;e two gatherings of business bodice,
anuoonoed. ft* A o'clock in the afternoon—^Hto meet
lug of the buolwrs and the uniting of thu mer
chantial lbe Standard Hall, on Michigan avenue.
Both of tbi-so bodies ebon adjourned to attends
third and' Joint meeting, on.the corner of Wa-blng
inn and Ann streets.
The object of tbe meeting was to take measures
for.jhq immediate rpbulldlfigbf the business por
llsubf lhc’6oilfh l j. tfcarampn Was
bfccted Chairman, and. ||eury 1. Sbcljjon Secretary'
The o.fthcCquipwn CamicH, Sjt. Hbi
d«vstatcjl 'jnfofßjaHouJ^nt
were readJlß plapotfeo City Guverowegt farlbo
preicnl wherever It would bo for the best Interests
of the wholu city.
Es-MayorKlee, after staling he was about to
prepare for the rebuilding of bis own property,
moTwl.tliata conunlMce of five be appointed to
'confsr at once with the Common Council for Ifon
iWiiidinibif tso (if/ir
-jir. Scammon,- -tha Chairman. and who.
is r; ‘tl|« r '’’,PßsH d enf’ ,i*' Mappe
Baqk. Sfated thafr opqii.fto fctp(iid|ag. of the bum.
od portion of tb* Mouth Division dependod tho
ftllttfO Wl r *ll°h of Ihc city. It was not a realtor
of expediency, btttt-f *«Siin2 jwwtally to us air.
Uo could rent all hU buildings, 1 In many casos. 'to,
former tenanU, at the former .prices, as soon’as
they could be r
Afi*rafulld)«ns«lbabyE. P. Ifanysn, ono-of
the Wert Side.; Park'! Commissioner*., Colonel
Hough, of (be Chamber of Commerce, .General
Stiles, the Cl iy Attorney l Dr. Evart*, Obndlab Jack.-
soB, Henry I. Sheldon,' General Mann, and others,
llw'ae'ncaHimoUSly resoled )h“) yOmpjillce pf
fifteen, five from each- division' of tbo-cUy,
be appointed to'wait upon tho Common Council,
and confer as to’the rebuilding of the City Hall.'
The Chair appointed on this committee:
Prom (he South DivUlon—Ex-Mayor Rice, J. C.
bore. Dr. Evarts. Charles U. Wicker, U. U. Uonpre.
Pronl the North .Di virion—Mahlpn D. Ogden,
ObadUh Jackson,-‘A. H. Burley, John Borden, J.
11. Kccif.
■Prom the tyest Division-General Slilos, Gen
eral Mami, E. f, E.tinyan,' A. M. Billings,’ E. F.
Colvor,-
HENRY’I. HHBLDON, Bacrolary.
ANOTHER MEETING.
An Informal meeting of merchants was held at
Standard Hall, at,balf-past 3 o'clock ;yeiienlay af
ternoon, to consider the subject of spgce for store
onLako Park. -A commlltee on that matter, bad
mgol}i3ff 93 Jfy? prcyloua. ?vcn
ing, and thoybad: pßnfJtrefl tbc o.
Public Work*/ The whole patk.frqnp Randolph to
Twclftb*etrcct will Ite occupied by a Jjaildln?
»torlc» p; bplght,- A* tnp meeting was,, an
Informal &oc, qo definite tjctlon vyaslgkoq. Jtwas
suggested that the different p|a*scf of business
mou, that la, hardware, dry goods, notion*, etc, get
aa near together a* possible. The committee bare
a rough draft of the *jiace, and merchants are ro
quested to call at Standard Hall and rclcctaslie
for their building*, Many firms have already or
dered lines of goods from tbo Bast. .j.
:BAU MEETING.
A puggtjjnaJi fcVWIH? W3*
'noon ay the Bogrdqf Trade rejomf. The
Hod. Grant qopijrlch’presiding, and J. C. Knlcker*.
acting aa
On motion, If rpwlfgd that a ipepllgg qf the
Judges of the virions courts and of (be inember
‘of tiro bar ho held at.Rlce Jackson's ItaU. at-li
O'clock tq.ipiy, aqd the follqwlng gentlexqcQ.were
appointed fflnim|l|ep Jfl gjjho i£e gr
raugements for the meeting} QmnfQoodrjcbj J-R-
BradWoli, John W. Eager. J. C-.K'nlttcrbocfecr. K. 1
F. llnnyan, J;M: Mariam and P. Mcliugh.
Rice’«fc Jackson’s Hall has hcen selected aa: tbo
place of moclteg.- sluco all tbo county ofllccaare
there. •r;
CITIZENS' JIBBTINO.
A mecilng o’feltUcns wq* held on Tneidav cyqq.
lug in the Tfjg V Utt
gathering arc not exuutmilt it vyaa a meeting of
the• mp*t important character.. An-agent, was
preicut-IromXtotrolt, authorized lo: mky arrange
mevjt»forfsoMJdVorthJs(HnppUt>M- il ><jß
tbc n»««l>h3 Id'dteJdg jn vyhgt fqrm tko rcl;.
ahonld come-rln clothing, munuy, fapl, food
immediate use or for future cousuuptiun. I* v..:
determined to accept DJlrolt’a magulllccQl dor. a
I Hon In clothing.
LOSSES AND INSURANCE.
The following 1? a list.of looses and insurance as
supplicj by the sufferers ,up to the time of going
to press;
1 he total amount of grain destroyed In ifvc ’ele
vators was J,ii“|,7ofi bushels, valued at $1,235,P:-t
Tho amount remaining,in store Is StfOO.OCO hu Jicli
“W m. M. Butler’s Ibt of losses and Insurance 1»
as follows:
Printing office on the third floor at No*.'lls
Madison street;. loss $5.10); insured M.COO fu Mu
lual Security of Chicago.
Class staining works at No a. toil. 211 and SlB So'-
|>crlur street; loss, on buildings and stock $7,000:
insured SI,OOO in Allcmanla, and;sl,CoO In Gel
mania, both of Cleveland.
Dwelling house, No. St Adams street; loess2,soot
Insured SI,OOO la Commercial of Chicago.
Dweliiugs No.-S3 nml-27 Quincy street; loss
Insured inUanlcn'pity.
Dwellings No. 231 and 3% Ontario street; loss-
$*,000; Insured $3,0J0 In Carden City.
l>wxi!ingsNo.3olanduo(>Ericstiect; loss $3,000;
snHired S?,O(X> in Garden City.
Store No. 337 Lake street;, los?; $10,000; Insured
SI,OOO Home of New York, and $3,000 Manhattan ot
New York.
Stock of hardware in above .store! €12,000; in-
sored f-.W Duffsio Fire and Maxine, and $2,500
Cleveland.
Total.lues by Wm..M.Butler, Si7JXU; loUlia
«ar»nce,s2Lm
—Michael Blabrocy, dwelling No. 9 Ogden Place;
OM $1,830 Insured «MK» in Home of Chicago.
—Joseph Shannon,same bouse;-loss SIOO. to
nsurnucc.
—JosephO'Connor, same lionsc; loss $000; to
loßiirancc.,'
—lluyck iKnnx, No. a? South Water, street,
chemical*; low MhIXW; iusuraucc $10.21)0 Jn -Kina
of ilaniord. Home, Manhattan, aad Security of New
York, North American of Philadelphia, Fireman's
of Chicago, aud People's of, Worcester, Mass.'
—August (iebhsnir, residing at No. JB3' Division
street; blacksmith shop No. ft£l Michigan, street,
with wagon aud farmge factory!-' Total loi»sCWjf
Insured SOOO in Mutual Security-of Chicago.--;
,-r-Thomas Maddy, No. 03 West .Harrison* street
Joss $2,000; Insured $1,300 in Fire of Chicago
—Wm. Kluc, No. CM North Clark'street; lost
$1,300; insured SI,OOO, .Etna of I|artford.
—Geo. Shore, No. ltd S. nth* Clark street; lore
$7,0C0, bunding'and Content );lriß urC(l $1,30!),-Mer
chants’ of Chicago! j
—Willoughby, Hill Co., Boston Clothing
House, and IW 'South Clark street; lota
$60,000; insured. $5,0C0, German. of .Cleveland;
S3,(MO Lycoming of Muncy, Pa:; S2AW Aurora tf'
Aurora, III.; $3,000 Teutonia of Cleveland: $f,500
AJlomanih of Cleveland; S3,CO) North British of
London; trial,*s3s,ooo.
C. A. llavllaud, r ui oj the West and Soldiers'
Friend; loss $1,003; insurance not stated.
—Mrs. Mary Buckley, No. 137 Townsend street.
Lose,s3,ooo; Insured $1,300 In thtf.Mercbanis', u(
Chicago.
—J. P. Kennedy, No. 203 South Clark Btrccl;ioes.
SSW; Insured S3OO Teutonia.of Cleveland.
—John Wren, No. 233 South Market street; ‘los*
sr,oooon building.'and contents; jnsnred* $3,000
J^erchanls’of Chicago! j
—Mrs. Kale Tierney. No. TO Third syenite; loss
$3,000; insured $2,003 Chicago Fire; '-l
—Mrs. Tierney, No.SM State struct; 10aa
on building and contents; Insured SSOO Chicago
Fire, and $1,900 Mutual Security of Chicago.' 1 1
—Thomas Ilastle, No. 213 JUndolph Btreet;.lqte
$60,000 lu bonds and mortgages, lind s2t\oooin
building and *tock; Insured $3,060 Commercial and
Mntu4lScfnrityqfChicago.
P- Nuddand W. C. Grant,- residence No. 11
Adaqti street; lews $33,000; Insured’sto,o3o.rn Hart-
ford, ofriartford, and $3,000 to MerebanU'. oflLut
ford.
—Q. lJ.i?artncr, No, 318 ?Ako street: loss S3O,
0u0; Insuredsl2,oo) In', homo cbmpariies'j aUo' at
corned of Lake and Franklin streets;
injured inhome companion.
''—C. B. lleynolds. No. 406- North- Wells '*treef;
lues slt«M: insured SI,OOO In Republic, of Chicago..
—W. T. Hancock, No. 13 V'att Bnren.street, fur
niture and clothing store; loss $1,3001 Insurauctr
.SI,OOO lb Dodorwrilers, New York. r
—Empire Line, J. Stockton, Agent,. No. Va La-
Salle street ;loes $1,500; Insurance $750, liioenlf.'
of Hartford.
W. Sontlmold, No. 30315 North LaSa’lt\
■fiirnilore.cloiyng, ic., $»,500V insurance, S2,UW,'
Alloa, of Hartford. i
—Mosers. Onalt, Soulhwell Co., No. 70
street,
Ajlna,lpirijopl.,
rr-Doctor J. S.. Clarke, .No, 333 North Wells
slroct. Los?, $13,000; Insurance, sCooin the Home
Mutpal, of Chicago.
—Clarke* O'Keefe, plumbers, on the east side
of LaSalle street', between Randolph jiml Jjike
Loss, $3,000. No Insurance. 1
Tli.E OENKUAL PROSPECT.—
There are $?6,n00,C00 of capital represented: In
ln»<ir*nco crtTrpnnt"*
Oitju^©comiihlnqs have- ihun'to 30- mVlUom*,.
nioft cop;s here {u pay, to»srz., fctjf.
fepifS get fmm lnsurauoe
S'iiQqtpV4Tßl I,^°fls Miflutfht titai r oa<in.
aae. ihc comiwnh ii will pay 50 per cent, of.
losses, if this Is correct It fs th«)U.;ht (|i'ui the
national banks will pay 10Q per- cduk within a
reasonable time. i;
TIIB SUIIP^Y. f
Vcslord"! noon some cif the netir
ftdams stroet, made a- connection with tho city
main there, and ptlinpcd the water lo.sc.'tbot’itiere:
wasasapply attlic hydrant* ucay tha river,,ami.
iHiO la the houses along Canal el r jct,.sjnu oil
the floors., A klmilftr crnnoction’
was.: mad*: at, Twenty-Second, .street,: .and
at.Sfrfeeiithv e> that water ran from som-: iiftlie
’^otjih'sidg. Thpiifiii' it >aroe frQm'
river; it-was quite paUMlilc.-tlic stream itcjag ujiich
purer, however, owing to the fact ilu)t the dbchargn
rum tho main sewers has ceased,'or been greatly
diminished. Mr. Creglcr/ at.the
\Yaipr \Vorkß,
by Monday,
CITY HObTITAi;
The following patient* are’ iu-Ward D of tbo
City Hospital:
Charles Kattcliug; burned at a stable'on flic
Lakoahore. l
.Charles Mclntyre, burned fltMclro{mli{aa fiall.
fbomM MfDujuap, Itupipd at 123
street,
worth scorched hear Twelfth street.*- 1
James.plvafn.bqrncd Pcyqrcly q», the foqirr *.f
Polk afid CJafk wlijlc trylpg tq'save hi.’
furnllqro. Vaclbadly burned.
In Ward C arc James Frank Bloke, burned b:
lace and bands.
Henry Gaylord, No. 43 North Slate strict. t,„iiy
burned on the face god hands’ at bis rcahleno*.
rotcr.Clark.No.l2tNorlh Markotetree!.
Ip.Uie.hoadi htcq,.apd liaptls,
A IJATPy "FAMILY.
In tho following circumstance, ‘bar., rr.i? M>m-i*
thing like the awakening from a lion: .i-cam to
'find Italia dream,' 1 jlr. Ford. \Viu»L>W. the
well-known banker, owned ab- *V,;ful rtrldouce
and grounds nearly opposite -to Hvjgbt's Grove—a
little paradise, In which he brj tr-k«*n particular
pride. At the near approach IC (t rc ent of the
neighbor* urged Mr. Winslow'. k-.uV.y to b-jtakc
themselves to tbclr earrlag-, Rlu l r! c p: TBcy"
did so. They -fled .V their
•and, along with thot> aß of others,
.sought (be bleak prairies, trhere they cqmpcd Qnt;
for thtt Mr. W.wander
‘.ed back to gazo upon the ni B 0 f lit* happy home,*
When lo! then; burst uj^ u hi- t>-;:ubUd-vision,a
green casUit\ the dc- t. [tv.jf Lv»old.boni<U{Uh*
scathed-. k->i '\\-y r—in roopd it. nls
sing l uv hippj'Jhniiryrelnrpwi:
taking,many »uflcrr:'.r.lcitur ullVlhem. AhAthdlt
friends jutvo i'XW-iU&ly,..
t HE UltOCEliij.
rnph~ iu-( developed many In*
vl.-ir-is aml itar«Tenre. ;>'ot
The fee .’i ca.
stauccaof
to's{>eak i:- t!iMi-»ada ><f firesides so gvacronsly
given up tin; ssiri-ft-r#, lit ds 'take the-grocery
store kcrp-ra. ami their, various .dealings. Two
cxßTuiilt;% rc given—those of Holdfast -and Slack*,
up. Twr utli*nii;n \vll 9
Crs:-;;n of ll'dui.t*', pcoaperonygTOCCn-went
ta ir„r. a. r ,"t' tho aud fcnneitedj aappheaion
r.'ii:’ ia oaclj cj»se* *ttc ’proffi>U”
r.jiv -r!*; -‘N<'t a-' CiUtVa; uqrth': on
i/iCj’V fi-i flthcs hagd the
-4U a rec«it customer of biapu the sldc
j -.vc”. l Mr. SaUih.-'lViuH ehhuoli ok my
:r.--<*ih.r>. You Mhdrerati tbo provMous yo
n. utid pay mein the spring." This Isnotal
Markup's boy next day announces to Mr
*»t If shQ la taking in jmy famlU.*a I
NUMBER 67.
(Siaeknp) will furnish aU their pror's'ons free for
a lime. Umro, Slncbnp!—Holdtast
YESTERDAYS FIRES.
Between 2 and 3 o’clock yesterday afternoon a
lire was discovered iu the Uck yard of>’o.ll7
Wuhfleh avenue,- near ll«rmuu.c<iiirl-a marble
front building. A hose-cart was passing’ at tlic
time, and the tiro was put.ynC'
Abimtli o’clock p. in. a woman at No.- -IGS State
street set Arc toabcd-tlck. arrested, and"
fie lire pat out.
rOUCE FROM INDIANAPOLIS.;
Captain-Johnson, df’fbii Indianapolis police
here on Tuesday, with fourteen rabn t
in uniform, and they requested/rations and bed-'
ding for thclr own accommodation bore. .They
reported lo oiir local authorities, add went on
guard on Tuesday evening, rusted all day jester
ira}', and Were on patrol duty again last night.
r OX TUE WAY./
r llarrtabnrg, l’a.,'Octill.'
.To the Editor of. The (llucago, Tt’putnt:
Tnc follcrwitig-pe«ons arii on, the Pittsburgh i
Port Wayne train from-New York/due in Chicago
at Oo’clock p. m. on Thursday/wlthald for and In
search of ftieniUvD: El Fatness, Philadelphia;
Charles‘M. JtjwJcy, ikwpm t'Dr.'AVm. rieflstoo;
Orange, N. S. J.t/rUflwoliL'Sr.,' I’ldJndrlpbi-t;
Biebard Wallcnnnn and Joel! TLEoiy,- Chicago; y.
O. lliil, Abingdon, ID.’ J
.a genuine cUHiosrp\v
The little onc-slory frame in the rear of
which wastbo barn iii whJolijlhs tire Originated, on
Dd Kovcitstrcut,- bUuklv to-day--alone- ami unto-
Jared. The flames swept rpqiidilon eVeryside
igniting! everything eise-r while that miserable
•IructurosUnds—amDn&Dicbt6rth’e‘idacl' whore
Ike fire commenced. Will i.nne enterprising.mu
scum please purchase U at a fictitious price, nod
help to relieve thcdbastur.with a round sum?
INCENDIARISM..
_/ In addition to Ihocasce'of incendiarism air'-*,r r
reported;the' following ,-wcjl miihcblicated facts
were gathered yesterday.. In.the alley between
Taylor'and Twelfth streets," running, from UaJstcd
to Newbetty streets! amatrattired ioa black cloak
was found cn>uching;at too rear of'a barn, ami' in
the aclfof applying ’a lightest mald| lb dry combust!-,
blematcriaF. Th'cpn’rly wfui saw tlic attempt, in'
the Impair,oftlniJnjoipoidJ sailed r nir-alarm,' In-
“tend of tiring at the. iDc^ridjaryiaud^lhowretch]
escaped.-’
i'—At Uo'clock bn’,Tae»itiy ‘fureno.m CharFc s
cllstrocf, near Canal airect hc-heard thecry
•of fire mlccd by.'oohic women. Hushing into a
shed b&dtscpvcrcd a quantity of brimstone on the;
floor, bunting. In ’this Instance, incen
diary c*capcil. ;,J il 1 jr-
i <—At the drug store or^cfld r 'Brothers, I 'bo Canal
.street,between Juddaod WlJsolialrCcts, there was
found'finder -thd "bamVon juosday ahcrmxni, .a
pioco.ofMahllla-ropr! jljfpct loni;, saturated with
Ur and olher combustible substances/ I?ba .duds
were frayed, so that UAvOdTd readily on
a)o« end- a-Jooeb .knotTnw: tied and soaked iu tar.'
An experiment was HubscqiicrUiy.: tried with thp
rope, and ft wis'fpmid' Vu'-bnmalqw., Tlic .gall'ty.
man, tn this case/wta unwept* ‘”y~
—Hannah;
near the City Elyvator! .fopnd a.hahdlo r of,‘hay.and.
straw deposited to-a'risky place, ahd.aatnratcd'
with kerosene.' waa die Tniid-Tyi
—A young roan wbb was to. THE .TBIBUNK
‘ofUccycbleTdayraorofng/bbi laiipd to mentlou his
address, stated dbat i to the
setting flrc to thq lu; whicUHo UTQj,iVl3icfe
were no raVolVcrk lb the tfduio, aml-.lhq ruffian has
qscapcd. li>fj jir::j 1
—A si] 1c dress aaintated ayilli’ Itcrosenc-was flung
owra ganlen' funee*cm'Wabash, aToana,’lnto.a
'back yard, and was picked «pdripplngwlib‘6l!.
—A.man vua sben liAiiging to a lamp post on one
nf tbs avenues, dead bat not cold,'
—At 1 o’clock, yesterday gftopioon. Deputy Sn
pcrintendent.Shcmipn, received notice from Ser
geant MeAnlcy, at the Webstar Urenne snb-rlalion
—the only bno rematolug dn tbo North Side—that
serosal bouses bad been set on tire, and that more
.than a dozen Incendiaries had been captured .’and
were "locked I np to jibe,, station. The.
natural rumor that. the mob intended. ‘to
:despatch,tocm withont delay accompanied" the
announcement, ami n squad of polled were called
together.r-An omnibps- passing the Union struct
station waireaptarcd by.the police, lire occupants
(juictjy requested logo l out-and tliivdrlvcr order-.
cd tb'drh'olo Ihbttallbft- The report proved to by
yatterly.wlUioutfimiuhition. the sergeant who njadfr
U being probably.Miu ylctip', ofn by some
pidhr-sfrlckeri nJifhleut or tifujy policeman.
K .r .AX.vrvßAi..-■
The following despatch haou forwarded to
prominent Chrlstlah'mQß In tbn East. and is here
by madapubllclhnt ClyrisMsu ministers nnd Sun
dsy School SupcrlnjcmL-nts 'tlio coual
ry may take action nisrequestvd.'
Mait; hundreds ofaar jto tr Christian Faniilic? arc
.hamejesa. WUI you not stimulate the inifin j
collections In the Cltnrcliu s;ud oN
‘upon wo taming fjabbalh in jlicw
houeaiid fhijdrco or a*r. .Mooayv''Sttnrt.ay -rV.
l *tbnenrd'withomhQmca orololhlng.
•J J-i j'IUkMUODV.
itKV.-f.•
D.W W!t«.
IleUefCoir.im?’.-; y. if. o.
Tifn’ ov- resign
fiitMMtCeaterqd in the A,v.dc-»y uf I)e
--|ljfn Half Bps owing to t’v: c;;Uwtod
thcrc. The artist* work >d boro bally ».ut their ef
forts were oMlnle'avall owing tbf im;w«bhityu
of cbtitn; mean* of Imp;;**: t;-: Tlx; Kattlc of
CcUraburgr llothen.;. I _bi -rml'Ml >icthre ‘was
takbn ouVby >*r< special!ylu
fuoued that Ilia s* s:>n.i;yl>c shipped
,t*uthe artistwho• ,v.i i. 'the Lu x grotipc oT’.l.
W. Doan'* family. paint*-, nj.l’ina and Vok?s bust
at NV o: more were :d,-.v *.vt J. The two achi
tectum'- pictmv b; N> Mynk-V which
have bifi. hi Enhury «o long,
were ouiy *Uy 'shipped to. .'Yule
coU«SQ- marine, a tego picture by
HlcrstfliH. y 1 1 ;h-.*>Mair ptettirca'dn tS6 pal*
idfy.-npA Jo‘ lb« Swimupmcopcc
tlnp r forward ’d r :‘>m Italy. Were. lost. Tbefe were
about»};’ n ii’.-h-d pli tures In’ the gillcry In all.
Tho o»n*' *ni?L whocaminiosUtf their woVks
'were >*i*< Uoc*~«*:U, add, Ford. T)josc who lost
evervdi’ are JvnWs, J*. 11. S. ‘.need, IVkbluS,
Drury. ■*'v« U;an«! iUcW'iarud
f?U p:t--Vf-(;I V
I Tti. •Mil;?
Llbe a.;.t>'.a'y '-■-•ok iMdscssiou on tbo Jfct of last No-
Wa 6i»fcßA h6u.se gallery.
A'flion, the Superintendent bribe Opera
House Art Gallery; fortunately l had mean’s of train
f<ortatlon itbsnd and saved nearl^eycrypicture
tathegnllcry, Inaddillon to the flue collection lit
Mr. CtosbyV private roomrf.
THE tiISTQRfCAL'SOCIETY'S BUILpING.'
The Jess of the Historical Bailding U irrepara
liV. Tbo library embraced 17.300. bound volumes,
iTo.tWO pamphlet*, and'complete aft* of dies of the;
1 Chicago’newspapers. This collection embraced a
complete record of tko history, of Chicago from
Its earliest days to the present. In addi
tion’ to. tbo library, the,', society ..owned
the-. original draft -of the Emanci
pation Proclamation by President Lmcolb/a com
plete set pf the Chicago-battle Hags, the Uealy
Gallery of three hnodred painting*, Diehl's Ham
let. Conlurc’a Prodigal Son, and Volk’s bust of
’MEXlWoln—the only one for which Jlr. .Lincoln
■Jiad a life-slttingi The lut» of lUoso treasures of
art and Hiyßlury wlp he f v -lt inure keenly hi. the
tolnro thatrat Rtefent. They arc treasures which,
.cannot he replaced, and lo.Uipir loss the history of
Ihe city Is lost also; 1
Sbnc valuable: jwivito" libraries'arid painting*
wofOfUQ burned,..anions, them those of.Messrs.
McCajrc. Xniblff, ’aiid .Sheldon. Mr. McCagg
jbsb^,’-•’ 'ln wuddillon to his flho ‘'libra
ry, Healy’a, bblorlcal •piemre; of (he Con
ference at Hampton .Raids, and Powers' «lalr.o of
l*ocahontiir.vllie gallery embraced about slxty-fivo
pictures, all by the bc*t home and foreign artists..
,'SAFES OPENED.
The old .Comptroller’s vault lu the Court House
tnslioen'examined.and found -intact;l(.
contained alt the fiw*amcet roils-of tbo city from
Irtipiapff ip It-va* cic4 eipecUlly bribe
Tai 7 0ojpB\!sfibney. it.
Everything Jn tho vatUDjOj ,Upj: non B *k
-waaij^qliy
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
Messrs. S, C.‘ Griggs drCor.have'already 'coni;,
mcnced buslcoV*; and 'are selling books at one of
iinj!\Yaha»have««a;ro«idoDC3f.:. t
Twenty-second Street bos assumed a lively i>osr
□ess aspect since the lire. It Is now the Lake
street of the South Division, and has one bank in
operation, the Twenty-second Slreei Saving* Bank,
I was the only back in the city that escaped
destruction.
Colonel Eastman has secured the Plymouth Con*
£reoilfonal Chnrch. on Wabash avenue, near Har*
tnon court, as the Post Office, and will more la
there at once.
BULLY FOR BONNER.
John IJ. Walsh, Esq., the President of tbo
Western News Company, has received tha follow
ing despatch from Robert Bonner, Esq., the pro*
printer of the ,Vf«? York Luigir:
New York, Oct. IT.
To.Tohr.Ji. Wnhh, Esg., I'r/st. Western yacs
Co.: All New York epmpal lazes with Chicago.
Millions will he collected In this city alone for tbo
general relic/ fund. Bran* on me at sight for ten
thousand dollars towards relieving sufferers who
arc in any way connected with the newspaper or
■newabueiocss:.. ROBERT BONNER.
Mr- Walsh has opened ‘an office at 99 West Ran
dolph street, where he will receive apollcatlons
and distribute tho relief.
.ARRESTS.
Shannon was arrested last evening near tho
Great'.Eastern ;Bepot,by Officer Dctllngcr,and a
.number-of chocks partly cancelled on tho
Traders National Bant,' from Frason, Drayton
Cq 1 *i"; i Uj i,.
Joseph ILUneayiUc and Gcorgo Benson were ar-
Jested far breaking Inla 'the mult of Kimball Cc»
The officer caught them with ihclr hands la tho
:T«iU.;; r
..—Officer Carpenter, at 11 o'clock on Tuesday
night, taking ’some regular soldiers on to the North
Hide to-McQjrmiclOi, Reaper Factory, and when
near there a man.yithin fifteen feet of him sudden
ly tlrc<f at him five or sir times with a revolver.
Fortunatelyho"vr**;imt Wounded, and finally se
cured the mao... He gives the name of Joseph Mor
►clcnsy. nnjl says he was a watchman of the Pesh-
Irgo' Laiiber Cbmittny., The ease was continued
until Friday, u
William Webb, formerly employed by Mr.
Wolhcr, of this dly, was arrested on Tuesday,
charged.wittarsoh; by a number, of South Side
residents. lie. was held to ball yesterday for fur
ther eiaminationl
—Bridget Hickey, a servant girl, was arrested on
Jhe; charge of arson In the South Division, and held
forfurtlicr'evidence.
DIRECTORY.
Tho Pacific ami. "Atlantic telegraph offices arc
1-1 ___
—Thu Pullrssn Palace Car Company have
stationed lhcir ofticcat the comer of Eighteenth
sired find Prairie avyhttc.
The Dumber* Exchange Is at the southwest cor
nor of La]cc and Market streets, where the import
ers ami dealers can ?jc.found.
—The Post Office can bo reached r in Eighteenth
:and Twelfth streets. Til*.situated at Darlington
.Hall, comer of Slate ana..Sixteenth streets, whero
the Western Union TcHgrapli Company have their
headquarters also.
r PERSONAL.
If Arthur 37. Sullivan, expected In this city front
Nelv York.' ha? arrived,, be can find his brotLe*
William at THE TRIBUNE office.
—lmnt, Preston Kean, bankers, opened the'r
safe ydstcrdayjaad brand'all money and securities
unharmed. They, will resume business in a few
days. r
—C-Van Hasan, I ’President of the Detroit Fir
and. Marine Insurance .Company, arrived here,
to-day. lie assures the agents of his company
Messrs. Lcwt?&’Hathaway; that they are prepared
to and will pay every dollar of their loss promptly.
,J, 11. Mcyickcr, may. be found at No. 190 Michi
gan avenue,-where he will do all inhla power to
help ibo needy onbt of the profession.
WARNING .TO COUNTRY MERCHANTS.
Parlies in.the 'country will do well nottocomo
to the city, expecting todoa produce business for
aftnv'dayi.r Tho coaunLalpn men will be able to
;tr^by next .week. TUL then Jonrncys will be
limited quantities of produce can bo
‘Ukcocareof, and some parties ore ready to make
advances thereon.
TTUIEATENEIJ DESTRUCTION.
A small 'piecu of. charred wood was found on
'Tuesday lying upon a tab)c In tho house of Dr-
Carr, No. 333 West Madison street. It was thrown
'upon the floor, whojo it broke in pieces, the frag
ments Igniting tho carpet in two places. It was
extinguished in a short time.
1 "TIMELY" AID.
William Baffin, President of the International
Iron Moulders’ Association, arrived here Yesterday
to look alter iho lotcrcslaof bis craft here*
•I—John Collins. Secretary of the International
Typographical Union, arrived here from Cincinnati
yesterday, bringing S3OO, raised in an hoar, for ihu
relief of Ibu Chicago Union printers. Hu will remain
aomd days, and remlcrallthc kid he can !n urging
anbordiualc Union* to contribute all the needo*
funds for the relief of tho emit her
THETURNING POINT.
UIiJi'IIJUNINU r&INT.
Madison street bridge ap l tbu a-iectnl Jill’s of
NortuU Co-Mfcie ofllysatod fnw de*!rncilon by
Ihq'fcunicasa-steam farce'pump attached to tbo
mil!,-br./wliicb a iH»\vcrful stream of wtt:r was
kept upon-the bxpdsid l property, hour after
hwtr. This pump Undoubtedly
the// Wert Division, from a terrible*
couiUgntlion, for if the Orient il Mills had burncci
the cotnhn-tlble nature of the ndjolultig buhliug 3
.UU'i ailjiicul lumber yards would have itsurud a
rcoue of devastation too. hcari-sictcnlnj for cun
tctqidiiliQjv. William Crtulie!<l, Charles Mungwr.
Rrjhcrt Whitley turd ;Jc#j>e Iltllcubeck had charge
i f tbl pump.
run ui<iiui.ATciiif.
tomor has a s;»: v i,t *oselon of
t!; !'I.. -is!ftl’urc to take action ou ihe part of tbu
ist.Kf, reintiyo to thc llrc ii\ itds city. Miinbcts
ovns Cook County are typrclally requested to la
j i»ru*culat the nv:v)Lm' iu-rpriugflcld to-morrow.
-ISEUEP.
All jicrions In'nqcd’of In; d will please call at
ift. Putrick’s Charcb, ciruer uf Desphtiues and
Adams streets.
TREBBUVED.
T S.Winslmr, banker, corner of South
Water and'Clark streets, stated y. sten’sy tbat i n«
ofthonfesdn bis bank wrs found to have pre
scrvcil all the money thcoin d-po‘itcd in'act.
Trto others nut yet oycned a;c thought to be a no
in good condition.
THE «EUMAN CLERGY.
A call ui>oti all the German clergy, nftbout re
gard to creed or sect:. All German clergymen of
Chicago,' are R'qncitcil to meet at No.CSC Uurasldo
Blro't,- northwest cwni'et of Twenty-second street,
on, Friday, at 2 o'clock p. m., to mature plan* L>
.bolp our' distressed people, and to alleviate tho
sutTdrhigin'f the poor. ,E GCNTUUM, Pastor of
•the Si. Stephen's Congregation.
RENEWING.
The Star Union Lina and Ciarko A Co., Agent t
he Pennsylvania Kiilroad, hare their office at
No.‘J West Madison street, under the Laclede Ho
tel!
Mon were busy yesterday erecting fiamo
buildings In Washington Park, on the North Side,
to accommodate houseless persons.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The general delivery of letters at Ihe post effleo
will commence IMk morning.
Parishioner* of the Cathedral of the Holy Name
canfiodlhelcpaftoratSt. Patrick's church, where
Intelligence uf tbelr lost friends, clothing, food,
nnd lodging can be obtained.
Pho<6grapb»iof. the rains are being taken from
every available point, for Eastern illu«tratcd pa
pers and stereoscopic slides.
THE ELECTIONS.
PBFNSYLVANIA.
Philadelphia. Oct-10.—The Republican majority
for Mayor in thl* city is 7.fcW. The S:atc has gone
Republican byat least 10.UUU.
Twenty-cue wards give a Democratic net gain of
only 133 on the vote for Mayor.
Carbon county shows a Republican pain of SOS.
Berks county, G.OOO Democratic majority. York
county, Democratic majority. 1,300; Republican
gain of 4c0.. In Philadelphia the Citizens’ Reform
ticket polled 2.500 votes.
Philadelphia, Oct. 11.—Daring the riot Baynird
Data (white) was,-shot In the shoulder by Georgs
West (white). An unknown whits roan was killed
on Ibe-corouc of Seventh and Lombard streets.
Ocorgodteddiir; da not expected to live. Several
minor affrays occurred. Pistol tiring was frequent
vTb'oTtepnbßcaiM gain two roetnltcr* in the Legist
latareib/Philadelphia, four in Luzerne, and idw
two Senators, giving them a majority oj lw»th
ilonscs. The majority for the Stale CcntvnUou la
brenthelmrug.il" 1
“Thnadelphia. Ocf. U.-.Fohmjt'b Prt.ts esthaurw*
the Republican majority In the State at 20.WW. Tbo
Ja heavily Republican la both
branches.
OHIO.
I J r
Cincinnati, OcL. JL—Returns from this county
arc yef very lacwrantetu In the number of wards.
Theiuette*,la*c Bisbl, adjourned till today, and
hare-jnjt Tdstimed'their work. Returns are in.
from >lxJWia ward* and twenty precincts. T*«
Republican* claim tuo election or Hour of Ihleg.
lalatlre Candida Us.. Rates and FitzgeUW aro
la doubt. Kanemlorf, Republican candidate.
fHr iVnintrsC’ommfMiuucr. l.« lnt\o*»nr. The
jnalrtdrr of the Republican CunUy ticket is proh>
ably elected.;
Clnclnnatl.Ocl.H.—Noye*. Republican, cats 53..
COO majority i‘» ihe Slate. LegMamte Republican,
Cuyahoga t'omiy 4,cOU Republican u-tjorlty foe
State tisket

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-12 page 2 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-12/ed-1/?sp=2 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:27Z ========

iribtme.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1871.
The Cmcxoo Tninot has opened ita offices at
Ko. 15 South Canal street. West Division, and the
paper will hereafter be regularly issued from that
place UU farther notice.
THE ENFORCEMENT OP DEBTS.
There is an impression prevailing
among many persons that our peo
ple are to suffer the rigors of a per
secution of debtors, with all the
concomitants of enforced payments
by foreclosure of mortgages, trust
sales, proceedings in bankruptcy
and forfeiture of collaterals. Ko
apprehension of this kind need be
entertained. The insurance com
panies will do much better than was
anticipated. The calamity that has
fallen upon the city has become a
public one. The whole nation sym
pathizes with us, and is nobly offer
ing to bear a part of our loss. The
capitalists of Connecticut have
bravely offered to sacrifice their cap
ital invested in insurance, and look
to the nation at large to repay them
in increased premiums. Capitalists
in other States are doing the same.
No creditor will have any sympathy
from the public in his
pound of flesh. Time will be given
for the most liberal arrangements.
Our commercial honor must be sus
tained, and we shall have the for
bearing aid of our creditors. Even
should there he any attempt to pro
ceed rigorously against the property
that has been saved, it will be im
possible to succeed in it. Each in
dividual loss is but an item of the
whole, and must be treated as sucb^
"We have no courts in operation.
When they do resume it will he to
deal with a vast national calamity,
and not with the particular claim of
each creditor against each debtor.
Public calamities call for different
treatment. The courts will find
their dockets clogged with the busi
ness of the past, without records,
and vast interests involved in the
long and slow process of litigation,
without any beginning place, and
without a single original paper.
Kew suits must take their turn, and
must await some general policy.
Until time has been afforded for all
this, until the public disaster has
been remedied sufficiently to enable
the courts to proceed understand
ingly, all new private demands must
■be postponed. There can be no
snap judgments, no cut-throat en
forcements, no foreclosures, no hur
ried executions of trusts. The
courts will not permit, nor will pub
lic opinion tolerate any such action.
Our people will pay what they owe,
but there will be ample time for so
doing, and the most liberal terras
will be extended to ali honest men
and firms. No citizen need expect I
that he will be harassed, nor have
the little he has left taken from him.
No man need apprehend that his
homestead or his other property u ill
be swept away from him by legal
proceeding. "We are all debtors
as well as creditors, and we arc all
in that condition where we may ask
in the words of the Divine petition
for that forgiving spirit to he shown
unto us thnfr«jrergth- nv
Should any, howev•• .tfllr: vrt z'kd u
demand payment n j hng to the
letter of the bond, t.*-
interpose such cquii■ deln;-• as
will prevent the font* ce
from being abnsed for tb» purposes
of persecution or extennij;..ti on.
OUR BRETHREN OF THE
Our most grateful thank? are r
turned to the Cincinnati Com:.
for sending to us, without v;..
for orders, a complete font of tyo
distributed in cases to the St /.oa.s
Democrat for sending us in like r
manner sixty-five bundles of paper;
to the Cincinnati Gazette Enqui
rer for offering us everything that
we need and can find transportation
for; to the Aurora Beacon for its
prompt offer to print our newspaper
on its steam press; to the Dubuque
papers for similar offers. In every
quarter we have met from our breth
ren of the press a spirit of liberality
and kindness equalled only by the
munificent charity which has flowed
in to the suffering people of Chicago
from all quarters of this blessed
land. God he praised for such lov
ing hearts
We have two of Hoe’s eight-cyl
inder presses in the basement of the
Tribune building, one of which is
unharmed, and the other only slight
ly injured. The fire-proof build
ing. which itself resisted ev
crvthing except smelting furnace
heat, has saved thesfe now priceless
articles of machinery. It will he
some time before we can get the
•walls so secured that at will he safe
to commence work in our old quar
ters, hut our brethren of the press,
and the public, maybe assured that
no time will be wasted in getting to
work again on the corner of Dear
born and Madison.
CHICAGO RELIEF SOCIETF.
The Detroit Committee of Relief
for the Chicago sufferers, after care
ful investigation, have selected the
Chicago Relief Society to be the dis
tributing agency of their charity.
This society is an old and well dis
ciplined organization. Do the ex-
tent of its working force it is by far
the most efficient and economical
institution that we have- for tho dis
tribution of sucli,-;aid. .We trust
tbattbe coming contributions will
be to a large extent placed in. the
hands of this society.
REBUILD THE CITY.
All is not lost. Though four hun
dred million dollars’ worth of prop
erty has been destroyed, Chicago
still exists. She was not a mere col
lection of stone, and bricks, and
lumber. These were but the evi
dence of the power which produced
these things; they were but the ex
ternal proof of the high courage,
unconquerable energy, strong faith,
and restless perseverance which
have built up hero a commercial
metropolis. The great natural re
sources are all in existence; the
lake, with its navies, the spacious
harbor, the vast empire of produc
tion, extending westward to the Pa
cific; the great outlet from the lakes
to the ocean, the thirty-six lines of
railways connecting the city with
every part of the continent —these,
the great arteries of trade and com
merce, all remain unimpaired, undi
minished, and all ready for immedi
ate resumption. What, therefore,
has been lost? We have lost the
accumulated profits of twenty years
of prosperous growth. We have
lost the stock in trade on hand on
the night of the fire. "We have lost
money—but we have saved life,
health, vigor, and industry. We
have a dozen grain elevators yet re
maining. We have the material on
hand with which to replace those
which we have lost. We have, with
in 36 hours’ time, the whole country
to draw upon for supplies of every
description of goods. In two weeks
from the date of the fire our mer
chants can fill almost any order for
merchandise that maybe sent them.
The credit of Chicago is saved.
When the whole country has faith,
and hope, and confidence in us, there
will be no depression in Chicago it
self. The wholesale trade of the
city can be resumed at once. Tem
porary warebonses are being erect
ed, and business resumed. Let no
trouble be borrowed from the past.
All the losses of the fire, will in time
be passed into the great clearing
bouse, and the payment of balances
will be made easy for everybody.
Rich men have become poor; the
accumulations of years have been
destroyed but no one will sit down
and waste time crying for spilled
milk. Labor will be resumed. Pro
duction will be restored, and the
general trade and commerce of the
city will at once be resumed.
Let us avail ourselves of the lib
eral spirit which the country has
shown in our calamity. There are
no relentless creditors pressing us
for payment, foreclosing mortgages,
or demanding the full measure of l
their bonds. On the contrary, the
world is asking us to take money,—
unlimited credit, and go ahead,
leaving the past to be taken care of
in the future* when Chicago shall
have resumed her power and glory.
Let the watchword henceforth be:
CHICAGO SHALL RISE AGAIN.
others.
WORK! WORK!
"While the various cities in tho
United States are contributing in the
most lavish manner, both in money
and provisions, for the relief of onr
unfortunate sufferers, it is a matter
of extreme importance that the funds
should be applied in such a manner
as to afford relief to those who really
deserve it It seems to us, in this
emergency, this may be done, in
i at least, by affording.employ
ment to as many men as possible,
«t. This will
wai iuuur.
ARRIVAL OF THE TROOPS.
Another t’.veiuV'luur hours have
passed without fi-rlbc" calamity, and
the arrival of ir»>o[is Irorn Omaha,
Champaign, BK Spring
field, and other places, *dl now under
command of Lieut. Gc l: r; d Sheri
dan, lias placed the city ot dan
ger from riot. Thu local juitr- 1 re
inforced by armed regulars and mili
tia, is abundantly able t:> tab*' c^ rG
of the city, and deal summarily with
all dangerous char:
BARRACKSFOI
No time should bf.
barracks for the poor,
meats are cheaply and speed!); _
struoted. The style and form car
be furnished by any army Quarter
master. There is lumber enough in
the city to build barracks for a mill
ion people. These structures will
serve to shelter the homeless during
the coming winter, and, fortunately,
there is time enough to build them
before cold weather sets in.
THE CHRIST-LIKE BHARITT.
The response of the people of the
United States to the appalling ca
lamity which has overtaken o’-
lias no parallel in the bister}' of the
world since Christ died for our sins.
'Wo caiinot return onr-- thanks for
theirlovingkindn'ess. -AVornn falter
on our lips. Only our
yea can' tell hdw deeply. )ve feel
iheir goodness.
BAXKEKS' MEETING
Financial Intelligence,
A mooting of bankers was held yesterday at 2
'clock at the residence of C.T. Wheelor. About
eighty were present, representing neatly every
bank In the city. Mr. W. F. CoolbangU, President
of the Union National, was called to the chair, and
Mr. Ira Holmes, President of the Manufacturers
was cleclcd Secretary. Hr. Coolbaugh addressed
the gentlemen present in a brief speech, in which
bo said that all present knew tbo object of the
meeting, which was to adopt some uniform plan o
affording the most prompt and Jndlcloua roller
to the business community, that, notwithstanding
the enormous loss of property, Chicago still holds
her commercial position, and that tho energy, in*
tcgrlty, and intelligence which made Chicago
what It was are still hero. He believed that tbo
banks generally had saved cath enough to pay
from 25 to 40 per cent of their deposits; that,
after two days of careful consideration, tho In
surance companies would pay an average of not
less than 60 percent, and that this would tro a
long way toward insuring the ultimate collection
of nearly every dollar of their liabilities.
The Chairman was then requested to name a com
mittee of four to draft resolutions for publication,
expressing the views of tbo meeting, and stating,
ns near as possible, the course tho banks should
pursue In regard to tho payment of the claims of
their depositors, and tho continuation of tho busi
ness of tie banks. _ n
The committee thus nominated wore c. i>.
Blair, Esq., President of the Merchants' National;
L.B. Sidway, Esq., of the Slats Savings Institu
tion; L. Pierce. Esq., President of tho Third
National: and Sol. A. Smith. President of
the Menmants’ Loan Trust Company. Mr. W.
F. Coolbaugh was afterwards added to tho commit
tee, and Mr. Smith was elected Chairman. After
the committee retired for consultation, they con*
eluded that they wanted further time for consldera
tion In regard to wbat they can do for their deposi
tors, and adjourned, to meet again lor that purpose
at 7 o'clock p. m.
The subject of new locations for the banks w M
brought up, and there seemed to be a general ex
nrossioD In favor of locating In tbo Sooth Division
as near to tho former business quarter as poralble’
The temporary offices already taken by the differ.
ent hanks show the probability of Wabash avenue
north of Twenty-second street, being tho roos
desirable quarters.
Tho following arc all the locations of banks ol
w hlch wo can learn definitely:
First National Bank, W4 Michigan avonne.
National Bank of Commerce, 379 Michigan are-
Union National 8ank,534 Wabash avenue.
Northwestern National Bonk, 638 Wabaah avo-
DQC.
Merchant's Loan and Trust Company, at tho roil,
dcncc of Sol. A. Bml th, 414 Wabaah a venae.
Cook County National Bank, ClB Wabash ave
nue.
Commercial National Bank, la temporarily at lh«
office of tho Prairie State Loon and Trust Company,
on West Randolph, but will soon bo removed to
some place on Wabash avenue. where they will
await thecrectlon of a building on the silo of their
old bank. Work will begin on their new budding
at once.
The Heal Estate Loan and Trust are 149*4 Twen
ty .second street,
Messrs. Cnehman, Hardin Co. at 67 Calumet
avenue.
The City National Bank is in ••Llahop Block,”
West Randolph street
The Illinois National Bank at 101 ii West Ran
duipb street
The Merchants*, Farmers' and Mechanics* Sav
ings Bank, at 04 South llalstcd street.
We have nnauthorltatlvc stat'racct through the
Cnrndlan agencies of the Liverpool, Loudon and
G'.clo Insurance Company, that their company can
and will pay at least $3,000.1X0 as soon as the
utnouut of their loss here Is adjusted. Evsrycon
tidcnce is expressed in their ability to pay even
m>>r«* thnn $3,000,000 if it should be found that
theirChicagolosses exceed that amount.
It Is reported that there was somclhlngof a panic
in railway stock in New York to-day. Below wo
uive a few of the stock quotations of yesterday,
phowieg the range of prices then, though we un
derstand all prices are much lower to-day:
Gold I*4 1-4
North-Western, common. GS
Rock Island 09 to 100
Lake Shore 98
Pacific Moll 471-5
Western Union 80
Erie 27
An agent of the Bank of Montreal is on the way
toChlcagowlth instructions to make arrangement
for the establishment of a branch hero.
Lake Shore
Pacific Mall.
Western Union.
OTJISIDE BELIEF,
THE DIAMOND JO LINE
of steam boats, on the Mississippi Hirer, trom fit.
Paul to Fallon, will bring donations of provls
loos, etc., destined for the destltnte of Chicago, to
Fnlton, free; and the GalenaDlrlulonof Ibo North
western Hallway will bring forward the same to the
proper distributing Committees in Chicago. Min*
nesota and Wisconsin may thns help the suffering
and starring people.
FROM ALLEGHENY CITY, PA.
Captain W- M. Clancy, of Allegheny City, Pa.,
in charge of a car of provisions for the relief of
the sufferers, presented a letter of Introduction to
the President of the Board of Trade, presenting
on behalf of Allegheny, a car of provisions and
the sympathy of her citizens with that of Chicago
in the dreadful calamity which has befallen her,
and assuring this one was only the beginning of a
greater end. Tho letter was signed by Charles W.
Cooper, Chairman of Executive Committee for tho
relief of Chicagoans, and la as follows:
Allegheny, Pa., 6ct. 9.
To the Chairman of the Relief Committee, CMca
go:
Sir: At a meeting of tho cltlscna here, tbU even
ing, the bearer, Mr. William M. Clancy, was duly ap
pointed to accompany a car load of provision for
tho relief of the Buffering inyonrdty at this Um«.
and by the fearful calamity which has overtaken
your people in the past day, which, we trust, will
bo Id good time to meet, at least In a small degres,
the great need which necessarily baa been occa
sioned by the said calamity. I would, Id behalf of
oar citizens In general, tender sincere and heartfelt
sympathy, and rest assured that the good work of
sending aid will not restwlih this first Instalment,
small though It baa been. Until 1 again have tbla
pleasure, I remain, dear sir, with renewed asaurant
ces ol deepest sympathy, very truly yours.
CHARLES W. COOPER.
irk, set an ex
ourage others*
task of recon
)le are full of
ust as fall of
ery man in the
las the chance,
i have an op*
30 funds as far
fing them for
Chairman Executive Committee.
FROM ST. LOUIS.
Twenty-two car loads of provisions, donated by
the citizens of St. Louis, reached this city yeator.
day morning.
—St. Louis has kindly offered the nee of her
Opera Hooie to the artists of oar city to go there
sod give benefits for the suffering. They have
also free printing, free lights, and. In fact, every
thing that is necessary will be provided gratia.
WHOM THE ODD FELLOWS OF CINCINNATI.
A car load of provisions reached the city, last
evening, from Cincinnati, the gift of the Odd Fel
lows of that city to their suffering brethren of the
craft. The provisions will be distributed to-day at
Goclhe Hail, on the comer of Milwaukee avenue
and Carpenter street.
THE TOWNSEND HOUSE.
We have been called upon by Col. Townsend, of'
the Townsend Boom, Oconomowoc, who desires
ns to state that he will receive the wives and child
r en of bis lost summer patrons free of any charge
an d entertain them. The house, which had closed
for the season, has been reopened and pot Into
first class shape for their reception.
SUPPLIES MOST NEEDED
Arc contributions of clothing bedding, and un
cooked vegetables. The topply of cooked meats
is reported to be ample. Salt meals, such as bacon.
‘>a-i ete., which will keep, will bo thankfully re
ed.
Five thousand blankets arc on the way to this
ity from St. Louis, and additional car loads of
e -oods b'.rc arrived oa follows; One car each from
t*-• ..i, Ohio; Pern, Ind.; Del! Plain. Iowa; Mar
't-il'Oivn, Iowa; Freeport, 111.; Pontiac, Mich.;
’JcsMuinrs. Iowa; Bucyma, Ohio, and three car
K-utj f.-cm Cleveland. These goods are received
ivu.e E’ccra'lve Committees at the respective
•■vho tuke charge of and distribute them as
ju*.-. rdert of the General Relief Committee.
r.’.OHIOUS PHILADELPHIA.
\V« purmlltcd to sec a message from
Coloa-.-IT. A. Scon-of Phlladelpbla to J. N. Uc-
Ctilu-pj. hi.Ltr.-il manager of the Pittsburgh, Fort
Warn- A Cnicugo Railway, the substance of
which citizens of the Quaker City had
subscribed iho uiq of SIOO,OOO within an hour,
and an nJd ,‘or. r f r.bciut $30,000 was raised by the
Commc.tlr.l Eictiing,;, Committees were ftp*
pointed to no: cl: i trihotlons, and they expected
to raise au-M.-ii i.-anJrod thousand more. They.
bave appola’c. li. «-i-«cu.:ve committee to taka
lief to those readored homeless by tho terrible lire i
lu your city. Wjf. UATEIU>. i
J Mayor of Jacksonville.
LEAVENWORTH, KAN*. I
I/:aven worth, Oct ft;—ln -addition to tho $10,003
donated by the city of Leavenworth to assist
7r alleviating the tmffcrinjja of the' Chicago people;
Relief for Our Suffering P6Qr thousand' b«n received. T iifl, tn*„o
>d thcr with the contrlbolions from tho county m o*
Til A nnmincp TTOTin pie pouring Ja, and theatrical .benefits, and
AjUiliilig, iIUUi f ro |oi i]je Board of Trade," will swell'the aggrete.e
n
fIM rOIDIS* Ualderraan has telegraphed to Mayor Mason.-if
Chicago, for lustrnctions regarding supplies, r.i
sniut meeting hold to night in tho Court lioulv,
tho citizens contributed cheerfully and llberm-v.
A committee was appointed to convey money rn.l
supplies to Chicago, and tho committee Is now
the way. 'The deepest sympathy la expressed iu
circles.
Telegraphic Despatches
and Press Com
ments.
Tho panic was not by any means confined to
Chicago. The country around, which had already
become much alarmed by the extreme drouth, tho
high winds, and the prevalence of prairie fires In
many quarters, took new terror from the first tid
ings from Chicago. Tho great fire was the topic Of
all talk aa early as II o’clock on Monday forenoon
In every railroad town In the Northwest. Even
cities and villages lying off from Iho routes which
run direct to Chicago were no exception, and the
telegraph offices were thronged ail day with peo
pie anxious to communicate with friends in Chica
go. This was Impossible, however, and so every,
body had nothlngbotter' than to wait eagerly for
each driblet of tidings that came from tho fated
city through the talking of the operators along the
line, or other fortuitous source.
A special mania of extra vigilance at once
set In la all citioe and villages throughout the
State. At JancfviUe all house fires wore atones
Interdicted In certain localities, and people went to
the bikers’ shops for supplies. Villages which
could not bout of a firo-englno began to protect
themselves by stationing barrels of water along the
streets. Superintendents of railroads sent out
vary strict orders about lights and locomotive
sparks. At one station, on (be Western Union. a
representative of THE TRIBUNE, waiting In vain
for an opportunity to bear whether his own house
and family wore aafo or lost, beard the station
master say to a grain shipper who desired a car for
Baiclnc or Milwaukee, ’'Toucan haro that car. I
bad it partly loaded for Chicago; but there is no
Chicago now, so the man won't want to ship.”
No Chicago! It was too true, so for u things
stood at that moment. And yotTHE TRIBUNE
r epresentative did not fall to put in a word for the
future In good Chicago style. “Walt a little,”
said be, “and see inhere isn’t a Chicago.’’ And
this sentiment was echoed by the party. The
country has not only groat sympathy for, but great
confidence In, Chicago.
tb* panic was Increased by tbo fact that marsh
fires were raging four mites to the south and six
teen.mllei to the westoflbe city. This, neverthe.
less, did not prevent the dispatching of three
of the city’s six engines to the
aid of Chicago. This act, when taken in connec
tion with the apprehension of fire at home, and
the fact that no man of business In Milwaukee
considered that he had a cool’s worth of comfort
In insurance, since Chicago bad already broken all
the companies, cannot be too gratefully appre
ciated. Nor was there apparent any of thu feeling
of rivalry or envy which has been said to char
acterise our neighboring city. Said one of the
city's best business man to our Informant, “It I 8
nobody buta narrow-minded fool that will talk of
Milwaukee being bcnefiited by ibis calamity to
Chicago. What Is your misfortune is ours too, and
that of the whole Northwest. As for trade, wo
haven’t goods enough here to serve a single day
of Chicago’s trade.”
In verification of the remark thst Chicago’s
calamity affects the whole Northwest, the grain
shippers of Milwaukee found, by ’Change hoarsen
Monday, that the banks would not advance a dollar
on shipments of gnir. because the bottom had
dropped out of the insurance business.
During the afternoon, Milwaukee was carrying
water and filling casks en the tops of her stores
andhonscs; mowing marshes to the southward;
swearing la special police to serve at night. These
ware pot on duty—a watchman to each block in
the city, while the iallltsry was called out for pat
rol duty. Thousands of people gathered at the
depot to see the 9 p. m. train come In and bear
the worst aboot the fire. Host of them were like
wise looking for friends who might, perchance, be
refugees from the city of the homeless, and need a
shelter tor the night. A train with a goodly sup
ply of provisions bad already gone forward to Chi
cago from the Chamber of Commerce of Milwau
kee, and the ’other favora, or proffers of favors,
were numerous. Among the latter was the offer
of presses kindly tendered to this paper by tho
Business Manager oftbe Sentinel. The TV ire
office had already been flooded with business from
the ‘*«»antry Inside” establishment of A. N. Kol.
logg. of Chicago. In abort, Milwaukee showed
herself a good neighbor on this occasion.
Pmaacßan. Oct. 9—Universal sympathy is felt
and expressed for tha sufferers by the Chicago ca
lamity. Basinets was In a great measure sus
pended daring the day. and the utmost excitement
prevailed. The City Cosncil, at a special meeting
this afternoon, officially Judged the city for 100,-
000 for the relief of the Chicago sufterers. Thu
action Is the same as In St. Louis and Cincinnati.
Subsequently a hastily-called meeting was held in
the City Hair, and In a abort time $20,000 was sub
scribed and mostly paid to. Subscriptions are
■till coming in. Another meeting has been called
for Wednesday evening, and it Is expected that
fully SIOO,OOO in private subscription! will he
raised. A number of onr wealthiest clllaens;are
heavy losers by the Are. Five steam fire engines
of this city and Allegheny are ready to go on at a
moment's notleo. A meeting was held to-night at
the City Hal! in Allegheny. Committees of about
fifteen to each ward were appointed to collect
money. Several thousand dollars wore subscribed
on the spot. A resolution waa offered and unani
mously passed that tbs Mayor of tne city request
tho Council meeting to-merrow to appropriate at
least SIOO,OOO for the benefit of tho sufferers.
Louisville. Oct. 9.—The great Chicago fire creates
Intense excitement and sympathy among til classes
In this dty. It is the universal topic of conversa
tion. and tho profonndeat pity is expressed by all
tor the unlhrtunato community. The City Council
held t meting to-night on a call from the Major.
Private subscriptions, amounting to $50,000, were
raised, and more Is being token. The meeting waa
very largely attended. Rev. 5. Robinson led off
with *l.OOl. Eight persona promptly fo owed
withll.OOOeach. A number of other* followed
with SSOO each, and many are giving emallcr sums.
Two fire engines were sent to Chicago from this
citv to-day. Private subscription* In this dty will
probably amount to siPo.ot)o. J. Shanklln snb
seribed fSuOln cash and one hundred city iota to be
riven toeuch sufferers aa will move to this city-
Wm. Heilman subscribed BOO; several partied
*IOO. Several thousand dollars were raised and
yriiibe sent to-roorrow. The meeting waa large
nod very enthusiastic.
BLANKETS, ETC.
FROM ABROAD.
THE NEWS ABROAD,
WISCONSIN.
AT MILWAUKEE
PITTSBURGH.
LOUISVILLE.
TERRE HAUTE.
Terre Haute, Ind., Oct. A— I The Common Conn
eh of this city has Just made a shipment of provls*
tons by rail to Chicago. More will follow. The
VandaJlaUne takes ail contributions for the suf
ferers, free of .charge,
INDIANAPOLIS.
Indianapolis. Oct.Tho nows of the terrible
calamity at ChlMgo created the most intent ex
rltement here to-day. Nothing baa equalled It
elnea tbe firing on Fort Bamur. Two steam en
gine'! and two can of provisions were sent to Chi
cago this afternoon, with a corps of firemen and
?)Tlcemen. A meeting was held at tbe Hoard of
rade rooms to-night. Ten thousand dollars were
subscribed and thirty thousand pledged. More pro
visions will be sent to-morrow, and a general meet
ing of citizens la called for to-morrow night.
CAIRO.
Cairo. Oct. 9.—lntense feeling la manifested here
over the sad news from Chicago. The telegraph
office has been thronged all day by citizens anxious
to learn detalla. As soon as the extent of the cal
amity wa« known a committee was appointed to
solicit contributions to the sufferers, andbeforne 11
a. m. two car -loads of provisions were ready and
sent by passenger train, so as to reach CW«go by
Tuesday morning. Hallidty Bros, gave 100 barrels
of floor, and other citizens filled the second Mr
with cooked food. A meeting of citizens Is called
for to-morrow morning, to provide farther aid.
NASHVILLE, TENN,
Nashville. Oct- 9.—Tho greatest interest Is man
ifested In behalf the snflerors by the ChlMgo Are.
Mayor Morris has Issued a proclamation foramcet
inz of citizens to-morrow to provide means to as
tinihe suffering. Aprlvate citizen left a check
at tho Bemntr office to-day for SIOO, with the fol
l no'Sontb, when our follow men are
in 'distress. Uero la 100 for the needy In Chicago.
(Signed) “J.O. W.ALLIN. 1
The managers of the Grey Theatrical Troupe
tender a benefit to-morrew night for the Chicago
cofferers.
MEMPHIS, TENN.
Memphis, Oet. 9.—Tbo_grcat fire In Chicago is
the all-absorbing topic. Farther details are anx
iously awaited. Mayor Johnson and Colonel Ban
eon. President of the Chamber of Commerce, have
issued a joint call for a meeting of citizens at half
past 7, this evening, to take action in regard to the
matter.
KANSAS CITY, MO.
.Kansas City, Oct. The Chicago fire Is the top
le of conversation. The City Connell appropriated
SI,OOO to-day. A citizens’ mooting-oT sympathy
was heltL 10-nlght, and a committee to
raise subscriptions.
OSWEGO, N. T.
Oswego, Oct. 9.—The members of the Board of
Trade have contributed $2,000 to tbe ChlMgo snf
r‘nnl JACEaONVU-LK, ILL.
Jacksonville. 111-Oct. 9.—The Mayor ofthla city
to night .sent the following telegram, which ex
plains itself:
To th* Mayor cf Chicago
The City Council of Jacksonville have voted re-
PHILADELPHIA.
Philadelphia, Oct. 9.—Mayor Fox has called a
meeting of tho citizens for Wednesday to insure
measures for a worm and gencrons response to t he
appeal of Chicagoans for aid. The Commercial
Exchange Association appointed a committee or
twenty to collect funds for Chicago, and send a
resolution of sympathy to the Mayor of Chicago.
BOSTON
Boston. Oct. 9.—Mayor Gaston lias telegraphed
to the Mayor of Chicago, expressing sympathy, and
Inquiring in what manner Boston can best extend
ala.
CLEVELAND.
Cleveland. Oct. 9.—A very large mooting of citi
zens was held to-night nt the Court House, to ob
tain contributions In aid of tho Chicago sufferers.
Subscriptions were raised to tho amount o; SIO,OOO.
The banks will largely increase this sum. A com
mittee was appointed In each ward to collect sub
scriptions from the citizens.
FORT WAYNE.
Fort Wayne, Oct. 9.—Fivo thousand dollars rais
ed at an impromptu meeting. Cooked food pledg
ed for to-morrow. Our own city la In danger from
prairie fires, which rapidly approach mall direc
tions.
TOLEDO, OHIO.
Toledo, Oct. 9.—Seven thousand dollars raised.
More to-morrow.
SARATOGA, N. Y.
Saratoga, Oct. 9.—A meeting has been called for
to-morrow to raise funds for the Chicago sufferers.
BALTIMORE.
Baltimore. Oct. 9,-Tho City Council rejuc.tcil
the* Mayor to offer tho sympathy and what am
Baltimore could tender Chicago In her great
calamity.
The Episcopal Convention had boon in session
an hour and a half for business this morning, noth
ing of general interest occurring, when Dr. Adams
was.lho recipient of dispatch from Chicago show
ing the terrible stain of atlairs cabling there. The
reporls of the morning press, and the reading ol
the dispatch. created au intense sensation. uis
motion, to stir-pend all business and proceed at
once to pray was carried, and two among the oldest
clergymen prepared to conduct prayers. The
whole convention and the large audience kneltaiid
Joined In service. The feeling was very deep, and
a majority of the convention were In tears through
out- At the close of the special service the cmire
body, including the spectators, remained tor some
time on their knees, engaged in silent prayer, vr.
Judson. of Portland. Maine, at a later hour, upon
the reaching of a second despatch announcing fur
ther particulars, moven that at the evening meet
ing collections be asked In behalf of the suffering,
which was adopted. It was also suggested that
the whole Church bo called upon for aid.
ALBANY. N.V.
Albany. Oct. 9.—Mayor Thatcher has called a
meeting for to-morrow to aid the Inhabitants of
Chicago.
POUGHKEEPSIE.
Poughkeepsie. N. Y., Oct. 9.—Meeting called by
the Mayor to morrow to aid Chicago.
EVANSVILLE.
Evansville, Ind.. Oct. o.—The most intense ex
citement has prevailed all day in the cltv. To
night a largo and earnest meeting was held in the
Opera Douse, and liberal subscriptions of money
and provisions were made. Committee* were ap
pointed to collect funds and prepare provisions.
WHEELING, W. VA.
Wheeling, Oct. o.—At the City Council to-night,
called by the Mayor, $5,000 was appropriated for
the Chicago eutterers by fire. The Mayor sod the
President of the second branch of the Council
were ordered to remit the same to the Mayor of
Chicago. The Mavor was authorized tocalla muss
meeting of citizens to-morrow morning, to give an
opportunity to largo mmit>ers of private citizens
who are anxious to subscribe to the same purpose.
Franklin Lodge No. 3. 1. O. O. F. donated SHW for
the purpose at its meeting held this evening.
COLUMBUS, O.
Columhue,Oct. 9.—Tho Chicago fire has produced
a profound sensation here to-day. At a meeting of
citizens this afternoon siu.uw were contributed,
and a committee appointed to raise money and
f revisions for the sufferers. The bakeries anti
’enltentiary are busy to-night baking bread and
cooking meat to be forwarded to Chicago. Tb«
o:fs express train to-night took out a large quantity
ol bread and meats prepared at the Penitentiary.
WASHINGTON,
Washington, Oct. D.—The fire at Chicago excite?
Intense excitement throughout the city, and especi
ally among gentlemen from that locality. In ad
dition to press telegrams. General Meyer, of .he
Signal Service, has been receiving despatches ftom
time to time regarding tho conflagration. On na.t
log them this morning President Grant requeued
Secretary Belknap to telegraph to General Sh>. I
dan saying that it was the President's wish that
General Sheridan should issue provisions and clo.h
lagfrom the supplies be has at his disposal, and if
these prove insufficient, to call on the military au
thorities at St. Louis for the same purpose.
Washington. Oct. 9.—Secretary Belknap has or
dered tents, clothing, blankets, rat inns, and, in (act,
cTcryibiog in the control of tho War Uepariuiun
at Jeffersonville to bo furnished to thu sufferers at
Chicago. The amount of government money lu
the vaults of the sub-Treasury at Chicago is about
tffiOcO.UOO, sico,(wo of which is In gold and the bal
ance is In paper. No reports have been received at
the Treasury Department concerning either the
safety or loss ol this amount of government gold.
PROCLAMATION BY GOVERNOR BROWN.
OP MISSOURI.
Jefferson City, Oct. 0, JSTI.
To the People o/JTittouri:
A calamity unparalleled In tbo bUlory of oor
country has befallen tbo great city of our sister
Slate. Half ofthe houscn of the people of Chicago
arc in ashes, and all of its business portion is de
stroyed. Every bank, railroad depot, insurance
office, newspaper establishment, every wholesale
bouse, all its accumulated products and food sup
ply, and nearly every trade appliance and elevators
are reported ns utterly consumed. Such disaster
will move the hearts, ot our citizens with tbo pro
foundest sympathy. Let ns unite likewise In tbo
most generous emulation, and extend the largest
possible aid to them in this tho hour of misfortune.
I, therefore, recommend ail counties, cities, towns,
and other corporations, to ail business and charit
able associations, and to the community at large,
to take Immediate steps to organize relief com
mittees to express tbc deep sorrow which Missouri
feels at this overwhelming affliction.' It was only
yesterday that they were united with you in con
gratulating you on your own soil and In your own
chief city, whilst their own homes were being de
stroyed. Let us respond by throwing open wide
our own doors to those who ora without shelter, by
sending bread and raiment at once, and by such
contributions ward off further distress, as the
generous heart of our own great State will be
proud to transmit, in recognition, too. of the warm
and Intimate feeling that Has heretofore so closely
bound our citizens together. I cannot forbear to
extend to all who have been thus stricken down in
the midst of an unbounded prosperity the since real
sympathy of Missouri’s sous and daughters in their
distress.
Ulßli.Ofi
Done at tho city of Jefferson this 9th day of
October, A. D. 1801. 13. GRATZ 13KOWN,
Governor of.Missouri.
PEORIA, ILL.
Psonia, 111., Oct. 9.—Tbc greatest excitement
prevails in consequence of the terrible fire at Chi
cago. An extra patrol will be placed around tho
city to-night and every possible precaution taken
to guard against a like disaster here. Pekin, 111.,
suffered heavily from fire last night, and the woods
on the opposite side of the river from here, for a
distance of tbruu miles, are totally destroyed by
the same clement.
NEW YORK.
New York, Oct 0, Telegram to tho Cincinnati
Commercial.
This has been afield, day in Wall street, and in
ptdnt of hlgh-prcbsure excitement wo can recall
nothing to wblcn there ha* been the slightest ap
proach. with the one exception of the September
••Black Friday,” in 1869, and os compared with
that Ula by no means certain that in Its various
ramifications the Chicago fire of to-day* will more
than equal that long-tbdM-remcmberod occasion.
The European financial outlook has for some
time given food for grave reflection os to its effects
in the domestic market*. Oar lost bank state
ment disclosed the startling faclthul oor city In
stitutions are illy prepared to meet any farther re
quirements without actually touching upon their
reserves, and without any extraneous cause enter
ing into the calculation, their position la not one
calculated to inspire confidence. Tbc disastrous
calamity which has now befallen Chicago is calcu
lated to lead tbc mindHOl oor economists and fi
nancier* into the gravest apprehensions, especially
as to this Is added tho condition of and distrust in
our municipal concerns.
Tbo Stock Exchange has witnessed a scene of
excitement and activity which would have done
Justice to the palmiest days of the institution be
fore tbc last renovation was completed. A casual
looker-on during the time when tbo excitement was
atits highest would have imagined himself in the
midst of an orglo composed of denizens of tbo
realms of Satan, for the din was tremendous, the.
voices maniacal. tha gestures those of despair, the
faces upturned in the sea of head* distorted by the
most frightful grimaces, and nothing external ea-'
vorod of earthly things except tho Jaunty drear
.which denotes tbo true stock broker. Everybody
seemed possessed of one idea to sell his holding* 1
at whatever price they would fetch. So quickly 1
does a panic, like a mob. increase In violence ts ft i
moves on aver tbc troubled water* of speculation.
The' Western roods were the first to foci th
effects of a panic, bat os quickly as the fiames of ti:*
Chicago fire spread from house to house, so spre;nt
the reckless desire to sell out from stock ;o
stock, until the Long Room became a hol.j
caost for tho entire list. Down, down the
prices rattled. as. each telegram received, wes cl
a more disastrous nature than Us prcdecessr is.
Down, down, not stopping at fractions, bat er;■-h
fluctuation embracing an integer until tbo cay
closed, gloomy and weak, on* market which 1.. a
storied off with a fair amount of confidence; ojivii
brokers weary and Jaded with their labors, ir.<l
open bolder* despondent and sad.
In the very later dealings somo sort of trier
was restored, as strong houses stepped intollu
breach, and. by gigantic efforts, succeeded In piec
ing the upqu a firmer footing, with an up
ward reactionary tendency. But the morrow is
anxiously looked forward to, and It is feared tba
the decline of 3 to 11 per cunt to day will drag
down many houses.
Although the gold movement wa* dull and nnin
tcrestlngln tbc morning, yet la tbo afternoon there
were, brief periods when the cxcitcmcn* In the
Oold'Room wa* indescribable. Tbc market wa*
firm in the early trade at 114 to 114*4, condition
of things due to the high rate of exchange, now
nearly up to a specie shipping point, wblcn neu
tralized the order of the Secretary of the Treasury
of tbo prepayment without rebate of tha November
gold interest on the 25th Instant.
In the afternoon some very largo amounts of gold
were thrown upon tbc market by a member ot Cio
pool, which turned the price iu the opposite dire:-
tlon, and a decline ensued to 143-£, tho final qn
totions standing 1135@114. In the absence of
other and more startling developments, this would
.it 2, :5. (5, S. J T r' r ccut, Which, in view of tho
present contii;lon of .lie money market. Indicated
-i-hnrt Interest c.f no tontemptibl; proportions.
The money mstvci this more ‘‘T
generally at 7;v mi on-call, though :;a uC.-.irß'
developed mors eta- 'lag prompt c;iv<: dtvionr.
more activity w.t« rd.andln the- iflernco’i 1-tl*
U- and even percent aero a
misttons for n.r r-r ujmporarv use. iiii ;e
i.rosoatcoßdi:-, r .o banks ntlbnl-- veryiiitio
room for cxti.i.-u -i ;?onic roller titty h; fetnd
in the dimini'h^i;-«n'-.nut of ca '.in
view of the Uvllne in prices. Th u:- !mt been
nothing doing in commercial p i int
hoods participated ihe-gei;i-i ind,
opening weak «»a» '■•wer, mad 1 mu. im'i.it ‘Con
cessions of to ;i per cent, -..in: t i., e,-iiue in
gold, dosing heavy.
Cincinnati, X—' The great ure i.. thdeago
monopolizes ui .urn ..ion, Busn-cs i.- iu*;»'!y sus
pended. Tiic nev-ry.c'KSr bulletin* J:<?<•;•. the people
advised, and extras. oy tie par> re, arc
eagerly caught up. The great .xl.iruty moves
evory heart. The citizens' ».i;..ih*d at tho
Chamber of Comm rcc, was Vrg ly a-tended.
Mayor Davis presided. Cotn.ni't-xa on Trans
portation and Finance were appointed. yobsenp
llons and cash payments were at once received.
The Chamber of Commerce Many
leading firms gave each. At 12 o clock,
$-25,000 bad been BUbt-erlO.-.!. At h.df past 10,
Mayor sent, by special imiaoi. thuC,. IX. and D.
1 Road, thiee steamfireengine- ..tidud the hose at
tho command of the city tog-thor with men neces
sary to man them.
A meeting of both V irds of ibe Common Conn
ell was hem at 1 o’clock, and It was resolved by
unanimous vote to appropriate sloo.two for the re
lief of Chicago, despite the legal inability to make
snch appropriation, but pledg' d themselves indi
vidually to obtain Icgiidation n make the charity
legal. Committees were appointed, and the action
of the Mayor in winding engines a ulpollce was in
dorsed. Tho Hamilton Dayton itallroad sent
notice that they bad ample transportation for all
supplies and help nec-? :n to be sent to Chicago
free. Tho Indiantpoi:-, Cincinnati Lafayette
Road make tho fame idler The American Ex
pross Company prop-Jar- t-j uppllcs free.
In accordance wish th.* t’. or sends a dis
patch to cities along the u... the railroad to
collect supplies to be taken free. JV-mkets and
clothing will be collected nml wnt todi.T' in largo
quantities, and also cooked food. The couMr'tt
leave for Chicago ut 5 o’clocl; chb vu-uieg.
The officers of all the Odd lodges ;u u.c j
city hold a meeting at 4 o’cloi.1: in aid of the •'Uff’f- I
inp brethren in Chicago. I
Contributions ore coming In to-night from many
email cities for the Chicago sufferers. The
Pho-ni* and AMcmania Jewish socltiea were to
ha>« bails to-morrow night, for which supper was
prepared. The balls have been given up and the
rood ordered to Chicago. A general meeting of
German societies occurs to-morrow. John T. Ford
and M'M Jane Coombs give the entire receipts of
Pike’s Opera House Wednesday night. Mr. Hal
stead. of tho Commercial shipped the Tribune a
fall font of distributed typo to-night. The news
paper establishments have made liberal contribu
tions in maney.
The Evangelical minister* held a meeting this
evening and resolved to co-operate with the author
hies In affording relief. The Masonic bodies hold
a general meeting to-morrow; also Knights of
Phytblas. Tho contributions of Cincinnati to
day will reach $200,00n, The smaller cities In
Ohio and other Slates all accm to move to the re
lief oftbc sufferers.
At the preachers' meeting In the Methodist Epis
copal Church this morning, resolutions of sym
pathy were introduced and adopted by them, de
claring that they would call on their congregation*
to co-operate with the city authorities in attordlng
immediate relief.
WASHINGTON.
Washington. Oct. y.—The fire at Chicago ex
cites intense Interest throughout the city,
especially among gcn< lemcn from that locality, la
addition to the pn-ss telegrams. General ilycr. of
the signal Sorv;cu. b.,s been receiving despatches
from time to litre regarding the conflagration. On
reading iherr. *hli. morning, President Grant re
quested bccto n, y Belknap to telegraph General
Sheridan saying h vea the President’s wish that
General Sh’rid ;n I—«t;e1 —«t;e provisions and clothing to
the taiicre:* [.out t.olleshc has at bis disposal,
nud if these should .trove insufficient. to cull on
the military autir:...fj at St. Louis for the same
purpose.
Tbo War TVp it telegraphed instructions
this morning io m. military commanders in West
ern cities to ln-j:i:dT.;ely forward to Chicago all
blanket? ami st-wr ,'luhlng in their possession for
the use and r.Jjr; tac sufferers by are. The citi
zens hero propr -o 1 'Mingo mass meeting to-mor
row night, to mis.: f .ids tor the relic! of the des
titute tn the fcuiwrfii'*- city.
o-JFFALO.
Buffalo, Oct. 9.—City Council. at a regular
m?oting this afiC’-r -on, authorized the issue of
one bundled tiio'-*-*-'l dollars of city bonds for the
immediate u«c of 'in Chicago sufferers. A com
mlltccof the ecu'*-.*.leave to-night, with a car
load ofprovtMtvir- f Chicago. The officers and
exhibitors ar trial International exhibition
raised ten avus of bread, to be forward
edatonct.' i efofthe sufferers. Ovens’
bakery, th>- tho city, has been authorized
by the city officials to commence, without delay,
and bake night and nay, until further orders, lor
Chicago. The exclii raent here is intense, and the
sympathy of citizens of all classes is thoroughly
aroused.
COMMIT., OF THE PRESS.
FromtleS:. Louie Democrat, Oct. 10.
THE CALAMITY.
One of those oulas-.ropbcs that pierce ail men’s
hearts has smitten u;o land. Tbo nation is in and
den mourning. *J. rcavemeni black and bitter
overshadows us. In cio destructive prostration of a
groat city. It ta u vi-itailon too terrible for words
—almost too appr.iiing for reflection. Wherever
lives a sympathetic 'out, there Is distress for the
scntiy that overwhelm* so many hundreds of thou
sands of onrfellowr.
None may ailemp. to measure the interests, tho
happiness, the treasured cares, tbc points of self
denying 1011, the harvests of generations of sacri
fice and labor, bound op In the safely of a metrop
olis. Who con bear to dwell upon the thought
that, though nil these to-day are shining In glo
rious strength, to-morrow they may be bat smok
ing ashes?
Let ns be excused from portraying the heart
anguish of the stricken multitudes who but lately
were rejoicing in the thrifty homes of Chicago. It
is too sod a picture. But let it be remembered.
Let it m t be forgotten that thousands of families
have suddenly been burled from affluence to pov
erty, tens of thousands from competency to indi
gence, and wherever In St. Louis or elsewhere a
citizen is fighting or haply thinks be bos won life's
battle for himself and bis homo-circle, let him, in
Heaven's name, sond what help ho can to the suf
fering In tho Lako City.
Tbc material disaster to our sister city cannot
now be computed. The later despatches will con
vey a hotter impression of it than can otherwise be
given. The main business portion of the queenly
metropolis of Illinois is fn ruin*. All the finest
bondings in the city, the trade palaces, the whole
sale establishments and their contents, the entire
business portion and a host of minor structures,
are gone. The loss will be stated at hundreds of
millions, and will be feltover tho world. Itisa
dreadful blow to a swiftly growing city, but they
are mistaken who think it will prove fatal. Chi
cago bos been the world's wonder in her rise, and
she is now the world’s sad wonder in her almost
unprecedented calamity.. She will now astonish
by the rapidity and success of her recuperation.
One year hence will witness orderly array* of new
and grander piles in place of those that arc now
smouldering to blackness.
It is thirty-four year* since' Chicago became a
city, with a population of somo four thousand.
Her growth la shown in tho following table:
Pop. Atteutd Vel.
IMO 4,470 M.437
1 IMS 18,088 3.065.0*'
1850 28,36'J 7.220.249
1855..' 80,023 20,022,89.:
1860 109.203 37,053.512
1805 ....187.410 01,709.177
1870 298,977 223,65!,89u
Tbs energies that have effected these results will
hut gather fresh force and new volnme from the
present temporary check. Capital from abroad
will eagerly rush In to bnlld upon the old founda
tions and to occupy sites that have' proved to be
so golden. But the absolute loss to the wealth
and Industry of the' country will he irreparable. It
will bankrupt millionaires. Insurance companies
that have battled the billows of fire for decades will
go down before this storm. Mercs mile houses by
the scores will fall. Thera wilt be ruined and
wrecked fortunes by tbo hundreds. Armies ol
creditors will look for their does in vain. The
whole agricultural region tributary to and In turn
supplied by Chicago will suffer. Tbo centres of
capital in Inc East will tremble, and tbc shock will
be felt throughout the country. If any imagine
that from this dha;i*rto Chicago and the North
most other cities .r..d sections will permanently
gain, they ere mkraken. While there may-bo a
temporary dlTr reiou of business, and some varia
tion in the cb:x :-:c trade, the community os' a
whole, In ell it-, can only suffer for so mate
rial a subtract'. the total prosperity of tho
country.
Chicago eutorpiv-. has become proverbial, and
this reparation of *.cr citizens has been well
earned. Aui.iji'r.. of it is related in-the fact
that n number cf citizens have recently been
designing a Fair .*-Utlon, Intended tor a per
manency acd g ov ;i liko that of the Si. Louis in
stitution of the But a few days ago.a- St.
Louisan of 1 .7 experience in the conduct of
these mailers r*oel i d a liberal, oflerto go toChl
csgo, and the:-. •r«ai.Uo an Exposition establish
ment. -Thiswr os y one of .tbo new plans with
which Chicago he.'.! were busy when the dreadful
blow of Saiardij-md Sunday canoe. The dostrne
tiim of the tiding I --<flc Hotel, the future Llndeli
of the Lake Clly, r ’>ut an item of her loss. Sad
Indeed are theoC xvninlsccnces of a prosperity so
gigantic and so h -.p: blasted by a blight so era-'
cl. It can only ha .Vu aa a common calamity.
CLiJAGO CALAMITY.
"From tV :._rttt Commercial, Oct. 10.
Since the TMoscowthere has been no
confiagrati re In the. world so sublime
xud apuollice os mat in Chicago Sunday night and
yoateraav. Toe mi -norable great- lire -in New
I’ork, In December. PS4, destroyed property to the
valac.ltwaaefiiaat.il, of over thirty millions.
The other great (Lea in this country have been
those ofPiUrbrjgb sod Portland, Maine. Th© Chi
cago calamity I; gr ;cr than alt, combined. The
amount of Ins-* is all rees* work, bat there can be
no doubt that i: -da one hundred millions’of
dollars. Themis? -luable portion of the .city la
destroyed. Ji r.r ,t in Cincinnati, a fixe com
mencing In t>e East End should make a
clean eweepof uverr'nlng between Seventh street
and'the river, westwa-d to Mill Creek. The terrors
of soch a desolation, the details of such a mighty
agony, are Inwncsn ible. The calamity tonebea
the heart of the na!i»n. The telegraph wires arc
bnsily transmitting despatches conveying to the
sufferers asanrauces of the deepest sympathy, and
offers of assistance, and information that
on the way. Oor local colnms show how the peo
[tin of Cincinnati were moved and how energetical
y they acted.
Last evening we bad throe steam fire engines In
Chicago, and wo may be sure they were a welcome
reinforcement to tie exhausted firemen of that
city. Early this morning a train loaded with blank
ets, clothing and provlßlona;wlU reach the scene
of desolation, and no doubt thu tun thousand
blankets and fifty thousand loaves of bread will be
well placed. Dispatches (him all the- cities la the
country show that they are in action as we are.
Happily tho railroads, of which Chicago la such a
great centre, will serve speedily to relieve the Im
mediate necessities of her homeless people,
The shock of this dreadful disaster will be felt
In com.Leroial circles around the world. So Inti
mately aietie Interests of the various mercantile
communities associated, that a tremendous
catastrophe like that in Chicago must ae^ihij
affect all. Oar insurance companies suffer
heavllv. The bankers are considerable i
losers! Many lolty house* in New \ors ami i
Boston will be shaken to their foundation*.
ami soma of them no doubt fallr-for there-were
-tost investments of New York am l -Boston money
•In Chica'-o/’-Tbo stock of railroads centering \u
"Chicago declined W percent, yesterday, m New
York A good many of the Insurance companies
arc undoubtedly ruined. and It itf.nol unlikely that
the rates of Insurance will be adraaccd.
Tbo rotations ;f Cincinnati with Chicago were
those of contiguous neighborhoods. There is hard
ly a family In this city that does not numher in
Chicago relatives ami dear friends, and the Im
possibility of hearingfrom them during the teutons
and distressing boura of yesterday, sharpened Our
sense -of .'calamity,. One might telegraph, but
where could a despatch reach u friend in the hor
rible ruins, or ihc innumerable multitude of wan
derers in the elreeca! .'Many must have perished In
the awful torrent which swept over the place as I
the Niagara rapids were all flames and moving
through the doomed city. Tim sick. Ihc delicate,
the a <T ed. the little children berried at midnight
into the blazing streets, and it is certain that many
lives were lost, and that many more cave lost health
and perhaps reason itself.
The conditioner the city, last night, was most
melancholy. The gas-works were destroyed, so
there was no Hgbtexcvpt the ghastly Illuminations
from the rntns. The water-works were destroyed,
and there was a great scarcity of water even to
drink. The newspaper offices all destroyed, the
Post Office gone, the telegraphic communication
with the world through offices in the snhnrbs-the
people overwhelmed in the common rain arc hard
ly able to communicate with eacholhcr. But they
will know soon, however, that their friends have
not forgotten them.
Such a calamity cannot be the result of an acci
dent. Its causes are adequate, and Its lessons
should be impressive and effectual. The conditions
of a mighty conflagration were present in Chicago,
and the people were fully aware of their existence.
The well built business portion of the city, near
tbo main branch of the Chicago Kivcrand the
lake, was backed by an immense number of
wooden homo?, and flanked by pleasant residences
and parks along the lake.
The wooden part of the town, become a vast mass
of kindling in the drouth of Ihc last throe months,
was fired on Saturday night, and the city was al-.
I ui.'st destroyed then. There was wanting but a
I good elan for tl<» sire In the wooden town, and a
I strong wind lo.vard the lake to carry a mess of
I perfectly irrcilstlb’e against the brick and
ctene r, d ;he city. On h’uaday night there
was a fierce gale from riv,' pruu i. the Jake. and.
with a thousand frame house* blazing, (iiointensity J
of the heat, ami the volume of the fire tecathu -o i
groat, that tin* lofty structures of the busings i
streets melted like wax. and the prodigious flood
of flame poured through to the lake, and swept
north, as far as it could find material, and south,
until General Sheridan stayed ita jtrogress by
blowing up blocks of buildings. Not only Ihc
business portion of the city, but many of the finest
residences are destroyed.
A good number of the flue residences on the
South Side remain, and there arc a great many
small dwellings still standing in the western part
of the city. Those who are familiar with the city
can. with the aid of our map. come to accurate con
clusions ns to the relative proportions of the ciiy
saved and destroyed.
The lesson of the Chicago disaster is that wc
must not bnild so fast, and that wc most make onr
booses more secure. Paris would have been ut
terly destroyed last summer if it bad not been a
city of stone. London would have perished in the
flames long ago if her builders did not habitually
put up heavy walls and roots that resist fire. Wo
most make baste more slowly and more surely.
Chicago, we predict, will arise from her ashes a
1 grander city than ever, chastened by her calamity.
and by'experience grow Icßsconfldaut.ia tlenling
rapidity of progress, and more contectwilb gradu
al returns and solid gains.
NEW YORK.
From the Now York Evening Post. Oct. 3.
The excitement In this city to-day In regard to
the Chicago Are is Intense. Many of the leading
operators in the stock market were in receipt of
frequent advices, on which they predicated their
action.
Aa a natural consequence of the tremendous de
struction of railway property, thestock market be
came very panicky, uml In the Western stock* es
pecially the decline was great. Fortunes were
tost in a moment.
Men who went home on Saturday night conn-,
deni In their pre?cut wealth, and their ability still
to augment It, came to their husine-a this morning
onlv to And that the earnings of a lifetime of bnsi
nes’s enterprise and earnest, persistent labor had
been sweot away at one blow by tire.
Our money article will more fully show the effect
of the news upon the stock list, and it will suffice
to mention iu this place that the decline In some
of the stocks —notably Lake Shore—is as much as
six percent.
Tnc scene In the Stock Exchange was one of the
wildest ever witnessed there. Demoniac yells,
such as one beard In the Gold Room on Black tn
day In 15503,' announced the struggles of desperate
men to save at least a Utile from their wrecked
fortunes. Gestures of despair, faces pale with
mortal fear, racked by anguish such as one well
may wUh never to see a second tunc, greeted one
on every side. The scene was painlully Interest
ing and exciting. To a stranger It would hare
seemed that the assemblage of well-dressed men
before him was Insane.
Many a broker who saw his fortune rapidly sup
ping from his grasp, without having the power to
stay tt. was temporarily mad, and with good rea
son. As the news came In from Chicago it added
to tbo excitement* and the board la still in a tur
moil such os has not been witnessed since the
famous break in Rock Island last summer.
If it ehonld prova true that the business part of
Chicago baa been nearly all destroyed by the Are,
aa the telegrams assert, it will seriously affect New
York, as the losses will have to be borne largely
bv this city. A goodahareof the insurance will
fall OnNow York companies; a great deal of money
lent im grain destroyed was New York capital;
goods marketed by New York merchants in Chi
cago during the fall trade, and which have not yet
been paid tor, will represent almost a total losa
and much Chicago grain paper that baa been redis
counted here wlihlu the last six weeks, will be io-l
totho New York bauka. The capital required to
build up the town will also have to come,in a great
measure, from here.
Thecxcitemcm In this city iu regard to the Chi
cago Are is hourly on the Increase, and the most
intense desire for lurtber Information U exhibited
in all parts of the city, and among all classes of the
community. What the effect of the calamity will be
here It Is at this time Impossible to foretell.
Among the provision merchants there is the
greatest anxiety and uncertainty A rnmor that
six grain elevators, with seven million bushe.s of
wheat, had been destroyed Induced many mer
chants who had a large Block of grain to rotuso to
Mil, the effect being an increase cf three to four
cents per bushel. Others, however, do not believe
that tnere was that amount of grain in Chicago
when the fire broke out. It Is also reported that
9,U00 barrels of lard were destroyed, and this. If
true, will undoubtedly affect the provtiion market,
as the stock of lard la this city is very small. On
the otherhaud, it Is said, and generally believed,
that the packing houses are without the boundaries
of the conflagration, and that In consequence the
price of provisions will not be materially affected.
It Ik quite impossible to ascertain tho names of
Insurance companies in this city who have suf
fered.
Post Master Jones has delegated S. H. Knapp,
tho Superintendent of Mails ol the New York office,
to leave at once fur Chicago to attend 10 tbe inter
ests of New York merchants, and to lake charge of
all malls coming cast. Hr. Knapp will leave this
evening.
THB RUINED CITY.
From tbe Dobaqne (Iowa) Times.
Our telegraphic columns are bunluncd this morn
ing with accounts, unavoidably meagre, but yet
sufficient In details to show that tho whole country
Is brought face to fccowitb tbe direst calamity that
ever visited any people. That Chicago, the great
metropolis, the homo of gcolas, the birth-place ol
deathless energies, which bod changed a tenantless
morass in less than a quarter of a century into one
of tbe finest and most nourishing cities, should
have been destroyed in a day I Nothing of <lk
kind before bos ever surpassed this in complete
and terrible rain. Tbe great fire In Londou, in
iGOi, did hardly equal iu The thought of tnls
•weeping calamity is overwhelming; the magni
tude of the disaster can only be conjectured.
Whether we look apon it in tbe light of its awfm
misery and destruction of life, orooly In Its ruin
ous business aspect.the thought la appalling, Hun
dreds of human beings wrapped np in the merci
less ftames—no possible means of escape, ana
a honored thousand turned oat homeless
—it may be penniless—to brave tbe
rigors of an approaching cold ami dreary winter.
Thousands who, on last Sunday morning, enjoyed
uumes of- luxury, now stripped of everything they
possessed. The frolts ofmteen or twenty years ol
toil destroyed in a single night. Well may the
contemplation also great a calamity callout the
warmest sympathies of the people of the entire
country, and it is not matter lor surprise that our
citizens have taken such prompt and eflccUve
measurcs to help alleviate the stihenngs of the late
residents of the ruined city. 1c were indeed
strange if a sparing hand was not stretched forth
at ibis lime in aid. With the Mayor of that
doomed metropolis appealing to Milwaukee—and
not In vulu—for'sustenance to keep a hundred
thousand homeless people from furnishing with
hunger, it only.becomes our people to open their
hands, their stores, and treasure houses, and give
freely, and to give to ibe nimosl of their capacity.
Bat it is when tbe thought is uppermost of the
wide-spread, probable rum which ibis destruction
of tbe.great Western metropolis entails, that we
stand most appalled.-- When those rows of stately
edifices wont down, and the grand monuments oi
unequalled enterprise crumbled, there was beard
the taint, echoes of financial crashes which mat
reach every city* In‘ho Onion. The capital In the
coffers of her insurance companies was that which
stood plodged-to tbe safety of millions worth ol
property in distant Western cities, and these secu
rities having shared the fate of other property de
stroyed. a dread feeling of insecurity must natural
ly seize upoaevery merchant or real estate owner
in the country.' And what may come no tongue
dare or can predict. Rut it is tho part of wisdom
to maintain calmness in the trial, and not by Inju
dicious counsels aggravate tho evils wc fear.
There is left one single and important duly, and
tbat is to USO. unremittingly every safeguard
against fires in our power. Both public ana pri
vate means should be given liberally and wisely to
this end.
From the London (Canada) Free Pres?, Oct. 10.
Ono of the greatest calamities that, ha* ever af
flicted a community baa fallen upon Chicago. Dm
yesterday it was tbo pride of the West; tbt» marvel
of modern times: to-day it lies for, the most part a
heap of smouldering ashes, Its beauty gone, iu
magolflceoco destroyed, nod misery stamped upon
its houseless inhabitants. A dozen short hours
hare been sufficient to dethrone and humble in
tbo dust one of tho greatest emporiums of which
commerce could boast, and to scatter before the
winds the untold riches that have been poured
into Its lap. Where prosperity had flzed, ns it
were, her chosen teat, destruction and destitution
now reign*: where thousands of happy famllie
congregaled. la now a desolated spot. So swift, so
terrible a disaster afflicts one a* with a paralysis,
and strike with dumbness those who can approach
to a realization of the terrors that bare been en
acted, and endeavors to compote tbo misery that la
present ana has to come.
How and when Is tho magnificence of Chi
cago to be restored J From what source wl.l
como tho capital and material lo bntld op that
which -has been consumed The great Ore at
Portland, some years since, was not one-twentieth
so terrible in anger as this hat been, and yet it is
but jnst now reconstructed. Winter, too, will soon
beherc, to, delay any• operations that might bo
otherwise possible, and this reason will postpone
to the spHng aoUre operation!!. It Is ilkaiy, then,
that tbteoorfonr years will elapso before Chicago
resumes the poaitioo it occupied a short day since.
'lt bad given sore Indications of a well-founded
vitality and commercial pre-eminence that even
this tremendous blow will rebound before it, tnd
the Chicago that will be will be still more magnifl-
cent, still more luxurious titan that which ha* sec*
cumbod before lh.it oncoming of ihat tower «>f
flame which ha* marched over’its f Ur mart* and
palaces.
ST. LULTS.
From the St. Louis Democrat, Oct li)
The wonderful intelligence of “all Chicago i*
burning” spread like wild fire over the dtv venter
day morning. Long before easiness hours'the
business btreets were thronged with excited crowd*
anxious to learn tke'latest particulars. Fresh ex
tras, a* they were Issued from time jo tine from
the Democrat office, were cagerlv cau-bt up and
the latest intelligence wr.* read aud reread with
the greatest avidity. All day long the sidewalks
were thronged, and in many place* were almost
impassab.e. Every other interest seemed to
merge in till* one. But Utile business was trans
acted iu any department of trade, the bank*, the
Office* and the stores being deserted for the street
A common and intense excitement prevailed, anti
where the crowd* were the largest, in the news
paper and telegraph office*, it ha* not had a paral
lel since the o.d wartime*, when the whole city
was waiting the i*»ue of an impending battle.
No other tccling* than those of the deepest re
pr tand the heartiest commiseration were enter
talne All the old spirit of rivalry with it* natu
ral outcropping seemed in a moment to have died
away, ;.i d St. Loni* sorrowed earnestly and fiom
the hca. twith her calaniity-tricken sister. This wa*
noticeable iu a score of ways. The quiet but in
tensely eager inquiries fur news and the subdued
conversation* on the street* and in the horse cars,
and at the dinner table*, as well a* in ciub-rooni*
aud more public place*, where no other topic pre
vailed, told with what quick pulsation* the heart
ofS:, Louis bent at the thought of Chicago's suf
fering.
And teller than all, this deep, earnest sym
pathy found expression In something more prac
tical than word*. The early and klndlv greetin''*
from Mayor Brown to the Mayor ofthe'distressed
city, were followed later in the day hr a rousing
meeting on 'Change, where, iu less than an hour,
and amid the most intense enthusiasm, nearly
sloo.oho were raised. During the afternoon the
City Council, a: a special meeting called for tbo
purpose, voted $50,000 to add to the generous pri
vate subscriptions. It 1* cxpcc.ed that the
County Court will appropriate a like sun. Last
evening another mas* meeting was held iu Mer
cantile-Library Hall, which was packed from plat
form to threshold, and SIU,(XK) were, paid Into the
common parse for the sufferers.
•Besides these amount* private subscription* in
money wens nude to the fund, in some Distances,
a* the result of hastily taken collections in shops
r.ud Caclorle*. ?"d in others, ns generous mites
from the <L our (‘ti.-er.,-. Lodges Jf
chapters o: a'l kind. of benev
olent .>r.:;i:slr"ri i.:-are prep'-rirg to send re
lief to their Ire.." ir.-r.
Yc*t*-:<i:iy cu-rnhc -V .V ■•'TJ’.VJ'JT JVe
oagiu-t.-* ami a Kriulred irfilic.-nn.ii were -cat by
special traln'iia.-t-au toaseht in sr.h
duing toe tlum<*rf. a ;;K*gram, hawt-vor. anu.i-tncrd
that their service* were ijot required, sad they re
turned. At 5 o'clock in the evening a eecoud
special train was despatched, conveving hundred*
ot citizen* and car loads of food and clothing. Not
wlthßtabdiog this: the levee last night m many
places, and several of the ferry bouts, were crowded
with the provisions ami parcels which bad been
deposited by citizens arnicas to contribute some
thing.
TIMP TABLE.
RAILROAD.
Special Notice
Fertile present, and un
til further notice, all pas
senger' trains will leave
from ?nd arrive at Twen
ty-second-st. Station.
We are in a healthy con
dition. and all trains will
depart on their regular
time, as follows:
IVlail, 6:13 a.m., dunda,. a,.
Day Ex., 9:13 a. m. j Sundays cx.
Jackson Ac., 4.T3 p. m.. d,“„.
Atlantic Ex., p- tu.,
night Ex., 9:13 p.m., Sunday er.
Pullman’s Palace Cars
ATTACHED TO ALL TRAINS.
Through Tickets, Sleep
ing Car Accommodations,
and Through Baggage
Checks can he obtained at
the Station.
HEHEY C. WENTWOBTH,
g. w. P. A.
H. E. BABGEHT. Gen’l Sup:
INSURANCE,
GENERAL
ImwApif
OF
ARTHUR C. DUCAT
192 West Madison-st.
CHICAGO, October 11, 1*
To my patrons and the public:
The losses of this Agency have been very h
but lam now confident we can pay cur p*
holders IN FULL. In any case, when wc L
the amount of oar liabilities, we will pay pro ra.
to the last dollar.
I ask for aid in good faith (which is tbe basis of
all our contracts) to arrive nt adjustments, and f.-i-i
assured of the generous courle.-y of my friends
and patrons.
I will make a true statement of the condition of
each company! represent at tbe earliest moment.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT,
103 West Madi.-on-«t
TYPE POUND HY.
CHICAGO
Type Foundry,
72 West WasMngton-st.
We desire to inform oar friends
that we arc located as abore, and
hare opened oar. office for imsinoss.
We are digging oar matrices from
the rains of oar late establishment.
One of oar firm has gone Cast for
stock and machinery, and iu a short
time we shall be prepared to fill all
orders. We ask our friends through
on. the Narthwest to staad by ns.
iMRDEIt, LISE 4. CO.
r i

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-12 page 3 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-12/ed-1/?sp=3 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:29Z ========

THE GREAT CALAMITY.
Further Particulars of the
Destruction of
Chicago.
last f Missing—Losses
and Insurance, Etc.
The moment tbit General Sheridan assumed
command of the relief and police work of tho city
agreat improve mat was manifest in the ordei in
which the lab.w w is peifonned-
This may be ItH'aneed by the manner In which
the grand relief depot of the South Side was coo
dneted. Immediately after It became known that
the sympathy of other cities and villages was to
be manifested in a more palpable way than in
words, the necersity became apparent of organis
ing the work of dMribntlon in a manner to Jose no
opportunity of saving life.
The work was intrusted to Colonel James A.
Hardie, Inspector General on General Sheridan's
staff; and a large warehouse belonging to Tobey
Booth, situated on the comer of Eighteenth and
Grove streets, was selected as the scene of
disembarkation of the provisions which
began to arrive with unexampled ra
pidity from all directions. TbeHsl of places from
which the mjiplit s cime would be an ahnuet im
possible ta-x, and would u*r:ip!i-'c. in effect, a list
of all theta-ms and dries oa the Hers of theT.’R.
nuis Centra', .dichi- MwbLali Southern,
and Rock ad fluid-. Vtvse were all the
linos the’. found possible to accommodate
in this one ,-.ot. and tho event proved that,
work encash was thus provided.
C-.lcra' T Uordle. assisted by Mr. C. J. Aspel who
bad bean appointed by the Hoard of Trade, organ
iced a Urge corps of laborers and proceeded to un
load the cars as they coaid be brought to tho ware
house, and it is a peculiar com
mentary on the sympathy felt
for Chicago that the trains arrived with such rapid
ity. and so closely succeeded each other, that at no
time was it possible to stow away the provisions as
r ast as they arrived.
During the day and night of yesterday over sixty
fnll carloads of supplies were handled by
the force at work and the arrivals never ceased for
a moment.
Owing to the rapidity with which the work wont
on, and the Insufficiency of help, it woe fonnd im
possible tu r.-cord in any manner the amonnta or
article* *ent, or the places from which
they came. In many cases, indeed, there
won no record with the cars: no emblazonment of
the charity of the givers; the only Idea evidently
being to prevent suffering, and that too at the ear
liest possible moment. Some of the cars had short
inscriptions In chalk indicative of their
destination, like this: “From Alleghany
City to the Chicago Sufferers.” Olhcr#
bad no mark; and if they had it wonld do* have
been possible to have kept track of tbem, since
Colonclllaidie was not doing “paper work,” but,
to nse his own words. There must be no red tape
in this thing.” And there was no red tape; fora ß
Cast as the provisions came in at the track doo
they were seized by a second gang of men and
joadod into wagons on the Eighteenth-street front.
Here wens congregated every possible description
of vehicle, tarh blaring orders or requests for pro
visions from all paints In the city but most gen
erally from ;ho South Side. These requests were
generally cfroplied with, though, of course. In
many case* the authority of the person making the
order could n .t be ascertained.
The po;u:.« nf distribution to consumers were In
the chuich?s in most cases, and the scenes in these
were, to Uc3 s mild term, heartrending. Time and
space would fail :o recount the types of persons
who came in begging for aid and recounting their
stories, which were In tbe main" the aarnc. No ap
plicant for food was turned away, and the number
of families relic-ud was countless. The fact that
a large proporiinn t.f the supplies sent In wore al
ready cooked wry mnch lessened the labor of the
work, and rt udi’rcd possible a task which wonld
otherwise ha»e been unmanageable.
The k*r l .-.i,d character of tbe food supplies
which were dbcuibarked at the Eighteenth-street
warehouse were variable beyond- the imagination
of roan to cor.c-ive. It teemed as if the charities
of the donors ha 1 seat every thought of prudence
from their heads. Among the supplies may be
named coops of live fowls, hogsheads of sngar,
beads of cabb igr. hundreds of barrels of crackers,
beef In every form, cooked, dried, pickled, and
raw, pork in Its pn-»<*rved and native state, bags
of coffee, barrels of flour, bread both fresh and
hard, hundred* of packages of bacon, Jars and bar
rels of doughnuts, cheese in all sorts of packages,
every kind of cake: and. In short, nearly every
varietv of eatable known to the bill of fare of the
not forgetting Llmbnrger kasc and saner
The great need of the dtyas developed by tbe
work of distribution on the South Sldclsnotat
present more perishable eatables. Over one
hundred cars were in the city on yestciday waiting
to be unloaded; and, fmm the contents of those
readied, 11 la fair to assume that nearly all of tbem
contain articles which will not be useful after a few
days. Of course Chicago appreciates the kind
ness of her numberics* friends; but it may not he
ont of the way to make a suggestion to those who
have not vet forwarded their collections. Colonel
Bardic t&lnks that the great wants of tbe dty are
now coffee, candies, clothing; and. above all. coal.
The example of Detroit, elsewhere mentioned. Is a
commendable one.
THE DEAD.
Adead-bonso bus been extemporised la a livery
stable, No. C 4 Milwaukee avenue, and thither,
since Monday morning, the charred fragments ol
humanity have been carried. At noon yesterday
the scene wa? one of the most horribly peculiar
ever witnessed. At the door wore stationed Offi
cers George Mitchell. Parker, Smith, and special
policemen, and a long line of persons anxious to
obtain a glimpse of the remains. That the bodies
were burned beyond recognition they were told
most peremptorily, but a morbid cariosity and a
feeling of certainty that they, at least, could recog
nize what no ono else could, kept a large crowd at
the door. At S o'clock a string was formed, reach
ing possibly half a block. The police allowed the
men to go In by tens, and then, after a look, le 1
them go again. At this rate it was found that
103 persons cirae in every twenty minutes,.or 300
perbonr. The same order was maintained until 6
o'clock last evening, by which time 8,000 visitor*
bad been admitted. They were principally Swedes
and Germans, from what bad been the North Side,
the fact tbit a majority of the bodies bad been
found In :h*» vicinity of Chicago avenue and the
iver naturally bringing together the foreign pop
ulation living in that locality.
At the further end of the stable, In a recess,
were lying no less than seventy charred bodies.
To say tb *y were unrecognizable Is to describe
their condition very feebly. Of the seventy but
four wero of human form, the others bcingbnmcd
ontof all shape. Against the extreme wall was
lying one man of far above the ordinary size. He
bad been sn'Vocilcd, for his limbs, while drown up
as if indicating extreme agony, vtcre nnbnrot.
Another body, whose clothing still remained, was
parUally covered np. The head and face were not
entirely contained, not so sickening were their ap
pearance tbit the officers covered them up. Jnet
beyondthUoue was abody quite untonebedby
the flame*, the clothing bearing i-ot a single mark
of fire. This man had also been suffocated. He is,
apparently, a Gcrmah. aged 35 years, and has a
light mos'acln and chin whiskers. Near the door
lies at fall length abody. apparently that of a
young colored man. The anna arc drawn np, and
the clothe.- burned entirely off, with the exception
of a pair of hosvy boots.
Of these bodies two arc said to have been recog
nized—those of Henry J. Oman and Peter O'Brien.
Which they wetc,and bow they were identified is
not knowr.
The officer* maintain the strictest order, and
none bnt the qumtest and most decorous behavior
is allowed.
The Coroner 1* expected to hold an inquest to
day. A number of plain pine coffins are piled up,
and ho bamed r.rc some of the bodies that three or
four of them ronld be placed in one coffin.
Tickets were placed on each mass of remains*
but they on'd no; he reached. Indeed, any hope
of recognizing any bnt two of those described
would he vain.
Two bodies more were found on Stale street, be
tween Mour-> «;i 1 Adams streets, late yesterday
afternoon. Tin y were found on the west side of
the street. rt il.e second and fourth doors south of
ibe alley. Dr. Wood pronounced them to be the
remainder two wen. They were removed to the
Morgue.
PROCLAMATIONS.
The preserve-ion of the good order and peace of
the city is beret y uurnsted to Lieutenant General
Philip H. ShetlrtßU, United Slates Army.
The police wilt act in conjunction with the
Lieutenant Geos ml In the preservation of the peace
and quiet of the city, and the Superintendent of
the Police will cmsilt with him to thatend.
The Intent be Jig to preserve the psace of the city
■without Interfering with the functions of the city
government.
Given under my seal thU October 11, A. D. 1871.
R. B. MASON. Mayor
OnoKnzo by tbo full Board of IVli.e t!:at
power* granted to special police sine.' t'-uauav. OU.
8, be and hereby are revoked.
The large military force now la fas city i.ndrr
the command of Lieutenant General She?‘da:., c
operating with the regular police org.-
now deemed sufficient to maintain y.<.-
etude for the future.
T. B. BROWN,
P. GtJND,
MARK SHEfiID
Comuli. !o:j*rs.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS
Scenes and Incidents in the Burnt 1)1 v
trlcts.
TUE COUNTY PHYSICIAN.
Dr. Ben Miller, County Physician, has made Lis
headquarters at the Union Street Station, where
his chief occupation appears to be the teller of the
Injured. Be has been busy during the day attend
ing to tblsbranch ofthe profession.
A MORGUE.
A morgue has been temporarily founded at No.
&I Milwaukee avenue. There are at present fori,
bodies lying there, of both sexes, though so brn.us
as to be in nearly all cases nnrecognlxable. Har
are so disfigured that tbclr aer cannot be deter
mined. The only one yet recognized is Mr. Henry
J. Ullman. One or two of tbo bodies werequ"*;
untouched by Are, haying died from suffocation.
Twelve arrived at tho jnorgno from Wesson stre-’
alone. They arc all ticketed. Bboairgprec.sv.
where four d.
BURNED TO TJEATii.
Gsorge Dcdri. .in 1 Kngil <hns.r„ crapiejou in
IWs brewery, wa j found ber.-cd to cin-'rr, yes
iaidr.y rnoru.ag. Bis skull and Hals were lylsg
-or:* distort* from the body.
GAVE HIMSELF .UP.
It will be gratifying to learn that the man Dres
ser, who was awaiting trial in the County Jail for
the Bridewell homlcide,delivered himself op at the
Union Street Station yesterday, where he was
locked np.
THIEVES ARRESTED.
Johnny Lee. the young rogue who shot Officer
Lee some few weeks ago, was yesterday brought
to the Union Street Station, charged with stealing
a cap. HU face was mocb disfigured, and be bad
-idently been treated toa severe handling.
—Daniel Tlemay sad six roughs entered an
Italian saloon, comer of Kind* and Dunn streets
yesterday, and assaulted the saloon-keeper, who
rcfQEcd to let them drink. While the crowd went
for the Italian, Tiornay went for S2O in the till.
Officer Coffee captured him. A crowd of lolly
S,ouo people tried to lynch him.
NOON’S BLOCK.
W. K. Nixon’s new and unoccupied, building,
on the corner of Monroe and LaSalle streets,
proves to have been bat slightly damaged. It will
be completed for occupancy In about thirty days,
and the owner, with a generosity worthy of all com.
mcndatlon, has actually reduced the rental 10 per
cent below the price named in his leases.
GAS FOB THE SOUTH DIVISION.
The South Division will be supplied with gas,
of which an adequate' quantity is In readiness, as
soon as the pipes in the burnt district can be cut
off. Two hundred men are now engaged In this
work.
THE MICHIGAN CENTRAL ROAD.
We are requested by Mr. Wentworth, General
Passenger Agent, to atats that the Michigan Cen
tral road is running trains promptly bysebedole
time from the Twenty-second street depot. All tbe
rolling stock of tbe road was saved In perfect order.
Baggage Is trausferred at the depot, and the affairs
of the road are in precisely the same state as before
tbe fire.
THE CITIZENS’ PATROL.
The citizen patrol organization was kept np in
the South and West Divisions on Tuesday evening,
and proved itself very effective. The streets and
alleys were scoured alf night by armed palrola.who
called to account every stranger they met. In the
vicinity of Cottage Grove a specially vigilant watch
was kept by tbe citizens. During the night, two
men were Brand In the grass of one of (he parks
with matches in their bands. They were both
arrested by Deputy Sheriff Stacey and locked np.
AN INHUMAN CAPTAIN.
Maurice Whittingham, working with Newell A
Son, locksmiths, relates tbe following: “1 lived on
on the corner of Pine and Illinois streets. When
my house took fire 1 and my family, with what few
articles we saved, took shelter on tbe lake shore.
The tug boat LIIU Clifford came along. We hailed
her, and myself and family, with numerous others,
implored tbe Captain to lake us to the West Side.
We got aboard, leaving onr articles on tbe shore,
crossed to the West Side, and then returned after
our goods. I lelt two trucks with wearing apparel
and found one. I brought one trunk on board, and 1
found the other in the possession of the Captain,
who brought It -aboard while I was there, and
claimed It as belonging to him. Seeing that kind
words wonld not give mo possession oi my goods,
1 was obliged to present my revolver to the Cap
tain's bead and demand my trunk, which I did.”'
MILITARY ON DUTY.
Two companies of Chicago military (Norwegian
Guards), under command of Major Q. F. Aestrnp,
were on dnty last night, under the direction of
Captain Miller, of tbe West Division police. The
companies wore offered by Captain Beotson and C.
Jabnaen.
Two companies of United States regulars ar
rived here from Omaha list evening.
A CANARD.
The report of a prairie fire at Hyde Park le a
canard.
GENEROUS.
Tht Hyde Park Bote) has been opened free to
the destitute.
THE MAIL.
The office of the Evening Mail Is In Lind’s
Block, cast end of Randolph street bridge.
COOK COUNTY BANK.
About2.Boa. m., on Monday, Mr. D.Spencer,
President of the Cook Connty National Bank, took
from (ho vaults of the bank all the currency, bal
ance books, and everything of value, which be hur
riedly conveyed U> bis carriage, standing on Michi
gan avenue, and removed to hla residence- Mr.
M. D. Tiilotson, Cashier, subsequently opened the
office, bnt was unable to reach the vault. It was
yesterday decided that the bank at once resame
business, and it has secured an office atNo. 681
Wabash avenue. This being a new bank, has.'of
course, bat very little paper, and will be found to
be one of the strongest Institutions in the dty,
having, in its Directorship, each men as Senator
Tmmbull, Potter Palmer. Washington Bushnell,
and Jesse K. Dubois.
THE RECORDS OP THE ‘BOARD OP PUBLIC
WORKS.
At an early honr yesterday morning an effort was
made to recover the record* of the Board of Public
works. The vanlt in the west wing of the Court
House was found intact, and ioada of valuable
papors and books were arriving throughout the
day. Everything is in an excellent state of pres
ervation, a little smokiness being the only damage
to the hooks. Yesterday the Board was bosy plat
ting ont the city property—Dearborn Park, Lake
Park, from Randolph to Twelve'streets, the Hay
Market, and other places—which will be leased for
one year for the erection of frame buildings one
story high.
an incendiary arrested.
About 10 o'clock yesterday morning a boy was
canght la the act of attempting to. fire a.balldlng
on the comer of Dayton street and North avenue.
Ho pnt a powder can, fitted with a fuse, through a
broken pane of glass. He was taken in charge by
the military patrol.
OUTRAGEOUS.
Several parties were detected, yesterday. In the
act of selling provisions which they had procured
gratuitously from the city authorities.
WABASH AVENUE BUSINESS.
The tong-mooted question whether business
will work sonth on Wabash avenne has been satis
frctorily settled by the fire. The avenue, from
Twenty-second to Harrison street, the sonth limit*
of the fire, is being rapidly devoted to business
Yesterday the fronts of nearly all tbo fine resi
dences presented an odd spectacle, being adorned
with rudely extemporized signs. Indicating that
offices bad been established. Private residences
are now more practical than ornamental. Our
heavy wholesale merchants are doing business at
home, and will be glad to have tbslr customers
call, as usual, at the office.
THE SOUTH SIDE RUINS.
Five engines are vigorously at work pumping
water Into the mains of the South Division, and a
(air aupply will doubtless be famished to-day.
TUB BBIGGS HOUSE.
Messrs. Wentworth Woolwortb on yesterday
Jmrchascd the Laclede Hotel, on Madison street a
sear the bridge, and hare christened It the Briggs
House.” It is already in full blast.
BENEFIT CONCERT.
Hme. Eugenie Dcßuode Rice, the w«U known
planlsie. Who has so often delighted Ul.lu times
past, left fbr Cincinnati last evening, herold home,
and will at once Inaugurals a monster concert
therefor the bom fit of our aul&r.’rs, after which
the will je:um htr<. She lefonaa na that she baa
cast her lot lo Chicago and will stay here to tho
last, whatever may happen. As Mrs. Bice has a
largo acqtalnuoceand influence In Cincinnati her
noble effjrl will of course meet with a hearty
recognition In that city, which has already done so
ranch and <o handsomely for ns.
It will also interest their Biends to know that
y r Zlegfeld. and Sfr. Bischoff, the well-known
t :nor, although they have saved nothing but tho
clothes on their bicks, will also remain hero.
tbh north side ruins.
great number of persons yesterday visited the
North Side forlbe purpose of recovering, If possl
l.j-i. property whlch they loft there. One man,
•.vhn bad buried a lot of stuff on Division street,
wee unable to find the place, and went off discon
sjvstc. Others found that property which they
iid left on vacant lots bad been
by tbo bands of thlovca
were prowling around daring the night. The
1 1 iL-ute of supplies made It Impossible for thus*
V to -ere watching to remain during the night,
vM Mir property fell an easy prey. Twoorthrc°
private safes were recovered In good condition.
ANNOUNCEMENTS.
WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPH.
,'j.e General Office of the Western Union Tele’
grip!: Company last tbo corner of Washington and
Csiial «:r-_-ato.
PRINTING PAPER.
v'. W. Under Co., paper manufacturers’ agents,
l: rose:;; will make their headquarters in the of
it-; of the Chicago Union where they will be
jw.Lvl to mo all of their old friends and custom
er: ’.'.ivy ask all that are owing them to send
-■•L-ir rvuiiiubces lo their hour of need.
PRINTERS’ UNION.
The headquarters of the Chicago Typographical
Union arc at No. 19 North Desplalnea street.
RELIEF AND AID SOCIETY.
Hie Directors of the Chicago Relief and Aid
Society are requested to meet the Mayor and
Connell on this (.Thursday) morning, at 10 o’clock,
at the Relief Headquarters, comer of Ann and
West Washington street.
HENRY W. KINO, President.
O. C. GIBBS, Secretary.
TO THE NORTH SIDE SUFFERERS.
Businels men and property owners of the North
Bide will meet at corner North Clark and Klnzlo
streets to-morrow, Thursday, October 12, at 10 a.
m., for organisation and adoption of necessary
measures to rebuild, appoint committees, Ac.
Wn.B. Ogden, H. D. Stevens,
Wm. A. Ewing, C. Mean Co.,
M. B. Ewing, Mean, Bates Co.,
C. H. McCormick, and many others.
W. C. Dow,
RELIEF MATTERS.
1. All supplies of provlalona will be received and
distributed by the Special Relief Committee, o(
which O. E. Moore 1b Chairman and C. G. Botch'
Idea U Secretary. Headquarter* of Committee on
Ann and West Washington atreete.
2. All contrlbntlooa of money will be delivered
to the City Treasurer, David A. Gage, who will -re*
celptand keep the aame ha 4 Special Relief Fund.
3. All taoceyi deposited at other places for the
relief of the city will be drawn for only by the
Mayor of this city.
4. No money# will be paid oat of the Special Re
lief fond except upon the order of the Auditing
Committee.
George Taylor, City Comptroller, Mancell Tst'
cott. Esq., of the West Division, and Brock Me'
Yicker, of the South Division, are hereby appoint
ed such Auditing Committee.
8. Railroad passes from the city will be Issued
under direction of tbe Relief Committee, corner of
Ann and West Washington streets, until further
orders.
Given under my band this nth day of October
R.B. MASON, Mayor.
LOCATION OF CITY OFFICES.
From and after the IStbday of October, 1871, the
Mayor’s Office, City Comptroller’s, City Treas
urer's, and other City Offices will be at tho corner
ofHnbbard Court and Wabash avenue.
The Department of the Board cf Public Works
and the other Departments of-lhc City Government
will be located In the Immediate vicinity of the
other City Offices.
Given under my hand this 11th day of October,
1871.
R. B. MASON, Mayer.
Attest: C. T. HOTCHKISS. City Clerk.
THE SICK AND INJURED.
Board of Health, Chicago,
October 11,1871.
Arrangements have been made for tbe reception
of sick and injured at Eighth Presbyterian rihnrch,
corner Washington and Robey streets; Park
Avenno Methodist Cbarcb, comer Park avenue
and Robey street; American Reformed Church,
comer Ann and West Washington street; St.
John's Church, Union Park; and Mercy Hospital,
comer Calomel avenue and Twenty-sixth street.
By order of the Board,
J. W. RUSSELL, Secretary.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The office of the Board of Education ha* been
established at No. 271 West Kandolph street, be*
tween Sangamon and Morgan streets. A rneellug
of the board was held last evening, at which the
'followiogrcsolation was adopted:
Jittolvtd, That the public schools be closed tem
porarily in order to furnish accommodations for
the homeless, and that they be reopened as soon
as practicable, and that such teachers as are
most destitute nave tne preference wnen em
ployment shall be given to teacher* as needed.
A meeting ot the teachers was also called for
Thursday afternoon, at 3 p. m.. at the Skinner
School, comer ot Jackson and Aberdeen streets,
in order to lay before them the present condition
of affairs relating to the schools.
A fait attendance of the members of the board
Ist Uo requested at tbla meeting.
S. JOHNSTON, Clerk.
THE MTSSTJVG.
SOUTH SIDE.
The following is a list of missing people, and the
place where they can find their friends. The Hat
includes all who were registered at (be office,
comer of Twelfth and State street*, np to 6 o'clock
last evening, when It was closed for the night:
Henry Keane, lawyer. No. IJB Superior street;
5 feet 6 Inches: dark hair; chin whlekenand
iroanache; black clothes; ICS Twenty-ninth
street.
W. C. Kenyon. 13 years of age; SOS Lake street.
Qeo.Maxted; 24 years; 49 Hubbard street.
S.W.McAvoy; Wyears; 539Wahash aveuna.
,Wm. Fitzpatrick; 4 years of age.
Mrs. Carey is at 34 Merrick avenue.
Mrs. Matilda Brown is lost; she can find her
daughter at 13-2 Walnut street.
Ed. Wyer; 57 years; HOHubbard Court.
John Harford; 2 years old; pltld dress; gray
coat; light hair; brown eyes; ts at Church, Wa
bash avenue and Eldridge.
Mrs. Bush is at 40 Arnold street; she baa lost
her baby.
Mrs. K- J. Rodofer; send to Michigan Avenue
Hotel.
FetorOracc lost wife and children; cbnrcb. Car
pooler and Washington.
W H. Klmwell wants bis wife; 241 North Peoria
street.
P. F. Grifflin; send to E. W. Griffin, Evamton.
C. P. Beam; 419 Sonth Morgan street.
George Peacock: 5U5 Wentworth avenne.
James Wayne: 505 Wentworth avenue.
C. W. Crary; 232 Milwaukee avenue.
Mlllc Covtlgan and John Costlgan are at Mr. Me-
Crona’s. Evanston.
Mrs. Fllckles and two children and servant; cor
ner of Thirty-first and Cslnmet avenue.
Miss Mary Fnlham; Mr. Dennis, Union Stock
Yards.
Mr*. Fcrnow; Brown's stable, Madison street
near Union Park.
Fred H. Fahnestock; J. C. Fahnestock. Gales
burg. 111.
August A. Fay; 403 West Indian*.
Hr*. A. Gorman and boy; Bedford Honse.
Adrian. Mich.
Jules Gelser lost wife and child, father and moth
er-in-law; 594 State street.
Joseph Hayes; Michigan Avenno Hotel.
Anna Holden, 4 years old, la at 171 Third avenne.
Miss C. O. Jones. Ur. Hendricks, State, be.
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first streets.
W. H. Lnm. ISrearr of age, Cotlace Grove Hotel,
Alice McGar. Wabash Avenne Church.
Rosanna McCormick. Hontly Station. 111.
Honors McMahon, 10 years old. 100 Jefferson st
John B. Muller, 52 Harmon court.
Mrs. K. H. Mllltkcn, Miss A. A. Mllllkea. and
Anna MMllken, Inquired for by father who Is in the
city.
Miss Georgians Shumley. 508 State street.
Mrs. Phi)lips and two children, S96tf Fourth *f.
F. Rocbmbcld, 586 State street.
A. de Stoppetlre lost wife and three girls, 306
Michigan avenue.
Samuel Share roes. 1514 Dcnyuster street.
Mrs. Tenney lost little drl. Katie, 0 years old,
Harrison House, comer ofHarrison and Griswold.
Elizabeth B. Thomas and girl, 8 yean old, 529
Wabash avenne.
T. H. Williams and mother; Jits. Joggan, corner
Thirty-first and Cottage Grove avenne.
Mrs. Wright and child, 1174 State street.
Mr. WohLSCS Stale street.
Sam’l Abbey and family, 333 South PaOc avenne.
■Milessa Bams, Inquired for by Peter Welch.
f|Mrs. Baker, Catharine Riley, Cottage Grove are
na*.
Edward Burks. Daniel Keller, Bound Douse.
Mr*. Dudley Burke and children. 864 Prairie art
A. B. Case and family, 524 Wabash arenuc.
Mrs. Jolla O’Connor. 811 Sooth Clark street.
J. E. Donovan. 146 Western avenue.
Elizabeth Doyle. Mrs. Garry's. Damon street.
Mr*. Edwards, who lived at No. SSB North Stats
street. Is et the northeast corner of Famine and
Second streets.
Michael Fergen and wife. Cottage Grove Hotel.
Julia Gorman, 14 years old, us West Madleoa
Street.
John Gee. 144 Clinton street.
Samuel Qaaoga. William Gaax-«, St. I on's.
Jaa. Glass lost little boy. Artaur Qian: Mi Hub
bard street.
Mr*. D. Hanlon 1» at No. 336 West Indiana street.
John Hatton, Chicago University, 72 East Van
Bnrcn street.
Mr. Uecht, Mr. Marlow, comer Carpenter and
Chicago aventic.
Jane Hall, 537 State street.
Mary Hunator ie with Phillip Sholtoy, who Uvea
In the country.
Morris Hartley, B. Sheridan, Monee, HI.
Thoa. Johnson and wife, 298 Fourth avenue.
Frank Jones, 4DBStatc street.
Timothy Kelley, wifeand two children, 397 Bcs
plainea street.
Anna Kimball, Mr. Vlbcrt. Kenosha, Wit.
Charles Moore. CIS Wabash arcane,
John McKnecky. 375 East Park avenne.
Mrs. K. Miller, Geo. W;Miller. Addison, 111.
Mrs. Catharine Morphy, church,Wabash avenoa,
near Twelfth street.
Mrs. Mitchell has lost her husband. She is at
the Polling Mill Primary School House.
Policeman Charles Nolan, Catharine Riley, Cot
tage Grove avenne.
Michael O'Manney, -Patrick Kelly, on prairie.
West Side.
A boy 3 years old, well dressed, is at No. 190
Blue Island avenne.
Kate Walsh; J. B. Walsh, comer Peoria and
Pnlton.
A colored girl. agodSft years, is at the Homo of
the Friendless.
Mr. Saunders, clerk for General Hardy, wishes
hi* mother to call at 420 Wabash arcane.
Henry O’Hollen, aged 4 years, and a little girl, 3
years old, are at the Home of the Friendless.
Mrs. Robert Malcolm will find a telegraph des
patch at this office, 15 Canal street.
Hannah OTlaian; 335 Cottage Grove avenue.
Job. Prescott and four children; 595 Wentworth
avenue.
Wm. Petes, wife and child; 976 West Polk
street.
Geo. Peacock; 595 Wentworth avenue.
Rudolph Roth, 4 years; 441 Clinton street.
Robert Ryder; Mr. Patterson. Milwaukee.
Mrs. Sanders; 8. E. Powers, St. Charles, 111.
AI. Smart; Geo. Ticbnor, corner Hubbard and
Green.
Mrs. Sclden and Tbos. Surry; 413 Michigan
avenue.
Catharine Tnlley, Ellen Talley, Catharine Tolley
(child): 635 State.
Hrs.Tiaany; John Tlnany, New York city.
Lambert Tree; Gen. Stockton. Lake View.
J. Wayne 595 Wentworth avenne.
Louisa Williams and two children and Harry
Williams.
Frank Wlckcrt; 306 West Lake.
Hr. Walley; Chas. Miller, Western Hotel, Spring
field. 111.
Catharine Werick Is at tbo Episcopal church cor
ner Clark and Washington.
WEST SIDE.
Tbe following persona have been reported by
relatives or friends as missing. Tbo street and
number given is tbe address st which they are de
sired to report, if alive, or where Information con
cerning them is desired t
Mr. Ambra. Inform or report to '441 Second
street.
Hr*. Barnes, S. Roberts Co., Kalb Centre.
111.
Miss M. E. Bennett. W. F. Bennett, Clinton,
Wla.
Joseph Beal and wife. 38 Birch street.
Cbas. E. Booth, O. E. Sbnmwsy, Clinton
Junction, Wls.
P. Buchanan, First Congregational Church,
Lizzie Borns. The*. Borns. Aurora,
K. C. Boesford. 609 W- Washington.
Matilda Brown. 133 Walnut.
Mr. Bruner, Wells School.
.John Casey, a Margaret street.
Peter Cochran, wife, and two children, 198
May.
Osborn Coleman. 106 Lake street.
Mary Coll, 419 West Taylor street.
Ann Congetbcl, 479 Canal street
Nora Conness and mother. J. B. D. Roberts, 199
Liberty street, Cincinnati, O.
John Costello. 64 Costello street.
Ctus. Leave and wife, 39! Fallon street.
Ur. Lunegan. 14 Willard place.
Valentino Fablen, wife and two children.
F. Blake, Lake Station. Ind.
Kittle Fanner. 14 Fourth street
Mrs. Feraow, 639 West Madison street.
Ida Fredericks and mother. fiO West Lake street.
Mr. and Mn. Finch and son, 418 West Van Bo
ren street.
R. Frltsch. Evening Journal, 13 Canal street
Bora and James Fitzgerald. 138 Sophia street.
Frlesteln family. J. Friedman, Michigan ave
nue, near Twentieth street.
Mary and Margaret Fuller, 131 Green street.
Annie Gllloo, corner Erie and Milwaukee ave
nue.
Margie Oltling, First Congregational Church.
J. 6. and Arthur Glass, 315 Hnbbsrd street.
E. and A. Glocke. C. J. Richardson, at O. 13,
Allen's, corner Milwaukee and North avenues.
Mr. and Mrs. Oonnly,4lß West Van Boren street.
Mary Grimes, 536 West Taylor street.
Mr. ’C. A. Harris, wife and twocbildren, 33 Bowen
street, corner Renton.
Mary Hayes, First Congregational Church.
Mrs. Qsymer, corner Chlcagoaroane and Morgan
street.
W. and Jar. Serdgllu.and a woman, 719 Rub*
bard street.
Martin Hertols, Southwest corner Union and
Indiana streets.
Mrs. A. Itewcß and 4 children, at Congrega
tional Church.
A. F. Hewitt, 1379 Mlchlcan avenue.
Mrs. Lucinda Hillard, 07 Madison.
Augustus Hollsbaclc, Second. Baptist Church.
Tho». Jackson, at Congregational Church.
Charles Judd, s9l Fulton street.
Willie C.' Kenyon, 806 West Lake.
Mrs. Blemish, Taylor street, near Canal.
Cornelius Komman and child, corner Milwaukee
avenneand Erie street,
Margaret Loflran, 836 West Taylor.
Mrs. A. LaEay and fire children. SO] Carpenter.
Elizabeth and Mathias XAngo, corner Milwaukee
avenue and Krie street.
Eliza Xiemonq and three children, First Congre
gational Cburen.
Peter Ltnwood, school bouse, corner Morgan and
Erie.
David B. Lothian. 197 North May.
Oliver McCormick First Congregational Church-
Mattie and Mary McFeo, First Congregational
Church.
Mary M&hl. 183 Ewing struct.
May. Mary J„ and Clara Manley, 39 West Madi
son.
Mrs. L. W. Mitchcl and three children, 14 Union
street.
Mrs. E. C. Mitcbel and four children, 594 Noble
street.
Jacob and Amanda Beer, First Congregational
Church.
Margaret Pbias, corner Larrabce and North av
nue.
Wm. H. Phillips, child. First Congregations)
Chnrch.
Ona Pierson. 363 West Jackson.
Ladas Reed and wife. 418 West Van Bores.
Archie Richardson, wlfo and child, 391 West Fnl
ton street.
Wm. B. Riley, at Congregational Chnrch.
Annie and Jane Roberta, Sam. Roberts, DoKalb
Centre. IU.
Rudolph Roth, 169 Mitchell street.
Mr. Shnekeltoo, Bam Roberta, DeEalb Centre,
111.
Lizzie Shorter, comer Centre avenoe and Adam*.
street. t
James Smith and wife, 891 Foltoo sheet.
Adolphus Stappollere, Park avenue M. E. Church.
Busan Stewart, 69 Washington street.
Louln. Handle. Bella, and Ire Taylor, 0. H.
Allen, corner North and Milwaukee avenues.
James Terry. First Congregational Church-
Adolph, and Josephine Urich, 157 North Halsted
Ireet
Clara Von Stnttar, 111 West Erie street.
Elide Walsh, corner Peoria and Pulton streets.
Mary Walsh, comer Sangamon and Washington
streets.
Mrs. Welgle. Onstavo and George. First Con
gregational Church.
C. 0. Wells and wife. H. L. Loomis, 135 South
Green.
George P. Wheeler, Bollinger place.
Thomas H. White, comer Twelfth and Balated
streets.
William Willard. Norwegian Church.
Henry William*. 88 Van Boren street.
U. D. Wolcott, Woman's Borne, West Jackson.
The wife and child of the Rer. W. A. Jones are
mining.
Mrs. H.R. Hitt can be found at the American
Reformed Church, corner of West Washington and
Ann streets.
The scattered. members of the Fourth Presby
terian Church ate requested to send notice as to
where they arc to David Swing, No. 725- Michigan
avenue.
THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH, CORNER OP
WASHINGTON AND PEORIA.
Mrs. Amll Barnes and child. 46 Pearson street.
Jufan Becker, wife, and children, 13 South Hal-
Mrs. Nellie Brown and children, 229North8lato
street.
Francis Capas, 85 Indiana street.
Henry Cheney. North Water street.
William Clarke. 65 Oakwood street.
Mrs. Bridget Clifford and C children, £6 West
White street
Mrs. B. A. Crawford and boy, 271 Superior street
Charles Fisher. Malteson House.
Bartholomew Flatch, wife, and 2 children, 249
South Market street
Arail Glockc. 46 Pcarsoo street.--
Charles aud Oscar Gustos. Outaiiostrcet.
Albert Holser. 162 North C)ark street
Mn». Mary Hickey, 23f. Oak street.
John Hughes, schooner Allamrick.
A: Johnson. 107 North Clarkstreet
Thomas Jordan. 44 Erie street
Thomas Kenny. 66 Ohio street
Henry Kevin, San Joce, Cal., Fifth avenne.
Adolphus Klniklnapor.
Peter Kennell and wife. IXB Clybourno avenue.
Fred. W. Lewis, 587Sedgwick atreet.
John McKenzie, Bethel Hail.
Wm. McPhee, Borne. N. Y.
Robert Mason. North Watcrsireet
Ammi Meyor, 75 Clybourno avenoe.
John Miller, 430 North Clark street
James Muir, Bethel House.
M. O'Brien. 207 Indiana street
Lizzie and Matilda O'Neil. 63 6t Clair street
■John Platteer and two children, 78 Oakwood
John Ploncr, wife, and two children, 19 Goethe
street.
Thomas Puringlon, Bethel House.
Thoms* Reed and wife, 315 Erie street.
Sarah Seery,3l4 North State street.
Isaac Segar, 15 Van Boren atreet
Mrs. Sellars, daughter, and baby, 46 Pearson
street
Thomas Shea, 39 Hinsdale street.
Anna Sndcnscbwere, 239 Kush street. _
Adelaide fiummerbayes, 6 children, ijl. Oak
wood atreet. Thomas Swelling and wife, 78 Oak
wood street
Philip, John,' Matilda Tennis and mother, 55
West Jackson street
Cstbarina Wevlnk, 123 Townsend atreef
CENTENARY H. E. "CHURCH,' WEST MON
ROE STREET, NEAR MORGAN.
A little girl, cannot apeak her name, at Dcs*
plalnes Hotel, 139,131, and 133 West Lake street
Mrs. Aken and two children. Inform at 175 West
Washington street.
Mrs. Brown and four children. Inform at Cen
tenary Church..
Mr. Carlston. Inform at 188 West Madison
Street.
Hn! Ami Dekoey’e ado. Inform at Centenary
Church.
Katie Bering, 8 years. Inform mother at Skin
ner School. t
John Doffoy. Inform John Barry, Cathedral
Char-’
L. Franklin and four children. Inform
fttSSWIUon •trect.
A. N. Hoot wlft, ird child.' Infenaat Jeffe:*
•oa Park Presbyter.an birch. _
Bnihand of Augusta BaUeabacfc. Sta U ftlC-’B-
Unary Church.
Louis B. Harrington, wife, and chlldrcu.
at IPS West Washington street.
Wm. Hennioghause and family. Ink: r.i
tennary Church.
Henry Jackson. 20 years. His parents are at
Cenlennary Church.
Henry and Fred. Katlin. Inform mother at Jef
ferson Pork Presbyterian Church.
B. A. Lakey. Inform at 301 Carpenter street, or
506 Milwaukee avenne.
Richard. Joseph, Peter, and two other children
of Peter and Mary Lyman. 'lnform at Centenary
Church.
There sc McMelter, 4 years, with Margaret Far
rell. Inform «t 316 WoM Lake street.
Bsrah Mc!u-. Infcr>u Thomas Ma'ey, at Union
Hoot", C .n*f rin-i.l. corner <-f Madison street.
Joh:i Martin. Inform at Cont-'m.ry Church.
Loci*. Hiller, inform H. il. Baufortb, at Cen
tenary (’hiirch.
Mrs, Mlchar! Mnipby and two children. Inform
at Centenary rhnrc’i.
Mrs. Fred Ne*>hcrand two.children. Inform at
Cen tenon- Church,
Aiiitte Nilwic.- Inform at, Jeutnun Park Prcsby
teriau Church.
Thomas o*Bti *n, cb’M. M’/iber f.t Mrs. Knoc's,
above Lincoln Put-, r»pp Hotel.
Kettle Olson, Iniurin Xri. Mo'jdv.acTcnth Prcs
byterian Church.
Charlie Patterson. Inform at Jehcrtou Park
Presbyterian Church.
Oier Pierson and Wife. Send them to 363 West
Jackson street.
Wm. H. Kelly. Inform at 10 Sheffield avenue.
Mrs. S. Ryan and six children. Send them to
150 North lialsted street.
Henry Schneider, baby, in blue Poland waist,
red skirt; has white hair. Inform Tbos. Henalng
hauasr, at Centenary Church.
Otto Scbober, 6 years, is fonndat33sWest Wash
ington street
Thomas White, 5 years, son of Mrs. Bella White.
Send him to James Consadlne, corner of Halsted
and Twelfth streets.
Mrs. Reinwald Is in pursuit of her mother, 79
years old, name Ori, send to 11 Qnrley street was
at 344 Rush street.
J. W. Wikes Is at 887 We-i take.
Mrs.Robinson. Isa* ji»7"*hroop.
Oscar Mttcbeli, vri!j flnl four children and his
sister at 378 West It-k ■-•n.
A little hoy, 4 y-;:.» old light hair, gray cloak,
lined fed. niiue I-c, k 12 1 West Adams street.
Liaxlc, M. gs'i--. sn.i M; 1 nl Nichols, eldest 7
years old. wMi Auaio Doh sre at2o» Aberdeen,
also Katie Caen
Tommy and- M -ry B irk. and syears. Inquired
for by Manrittil Lurk, r part to Centenary Church.
Found. b**d and ri„.ln-s, a ICB Foster street,
between BarrlMia ami t cik. fumes Snlllvsn.
Wm. H-Clay Imt.hi- t-lfo and three children,
Indiana sire-t hil.j.o. c.u i. fc itt Milwaukee.
Mrs. Bushuell cm I»j found at Wells Street
School.
Mrs. Marten w.ll please return to Mrs. Elkin's,
Lincoln avenue.
Mr*. Cavernous and three children; inquire of
Mr. Roger*. 90 Wilcox avenue.
George E. Pusterand and Mr.and Un. Briggs;
send information to Centenary Church.
Nora Conners can find B. D. Roberts at 199 Lib
erty street, Cincinnati.
George Peirson inquires for his father and moth
er ai Centenary Church.
Mathillde Brown 133 Walnut street.
Wm. Welgha's family Is at 136 Morgan street.
Jane Fallon Inquired for by her son; send to
Centenary Church.
Mrs. Beskinas; 79 Morgan street.
Mrs. B. A. Wadbatns; 463 West Madison street.
ADDITIONAL LIST
ofmlMiug regUteredfat headquarters of City Re
lief Committee, In First Congregational Church,
corner of sod Washington streets, to which
Information should be sent sbary, when no other
place is designated.
Maryßcsublen.
Mr. and Mrs. Briggs. Inform at 450 West Wash.
Ington street,
Matilda Brown. Inform at 133 Walnut street.
Sophie W. Barll-ou. Inform at 31 Cook street,
near Northwestern depot.
Charles, Prod, and Henry Catlln. Inform at
Epiphany Church, Jefferson Park.
John, Bavld, and Rosa Celia, 1006 State street.
Bridget Cootey.
John, Ann, Maggie, Bridget, and Johnnie Bee
bean.
Mrs. Philip Erbe and 4 children. Hnaband at
Nottingham's packing house. Carroll street.
Bridget Grace and 3 children. lufenn at corner
of Carpenter and Washington streets.
Jennie Haynes. Send to 90S Wabash avenue.
John Heshley. Send to 331 Jeflbrson street.
Clara Hooker. Send to Seventh Presbyterian
Church.
Mr. and Mr*. Bosford. Send to 659 West, Wash
ington street.
Mn. lonia. Send to 334 West Washington street.
Mrs. Agnes Jacobs. Send to 680 West Washing
ton street.
-James JlUsoa. Send to 430 West Washington
street.
Gustav and Charles Kawell. Send to Epiphany
Church.
Mane Kontgibel. Inform 496 Cun*] street,
Ellen McDonald. Send to 369 West MtdUon
street.
Mrs. Joanna McQntde, Pint Congregational
Church.
Maryand MartiiaMcTeoc. BTCarmll-at.
Jessie Mantel. 3 years. I*3 Lincoln sue-:.
Charles Maniber, corner Batstcd and Twelfth
streets.
Mrs. Martin. Send to Mr. Elkcn, Llneoln-arr
Fred Metreel, 3ißPourth**i. r
Junes Miller, First Congregation*! Chntch.
Otto Meltxor, inform at American Reformed
Church.
Mr.Mnehler, 080 Indlana-st
Herman Jiltiscbo, .Epiphany Church.
Clan Oblson. Seventh Presbyterian Church.
Hn. Colonel Harry Pease. 7U3 Wabash avenue.
Wm. Petarxtn. 7! Part avenue.
Mrs. Puiilit". Hi.ui J^ecph.
Mrs. Maryfccgurh-j.uaurt children, send to O.
Benson's c>>r'.jg.;. in Lincoln fata.
Ellen fcellen. nd toFWr
Jane Pli*y ortthin. vi.ct CortrreHtion.il Church.
Ml«s An ;C StuUti. fy Henry S..u:h, St. Caro
line’s COUlt.
U. Sun 17 \Ve“l Washington street.
Abrumm tf and family; Inform Dr. Bo»-
ii’e. Id.
Katie Tcmiev. 1* an Iron Ilo.cc, PadSc avenue.
Theodore and CiUnr. Carpenter School*
house.
.-Mrs. B.A. Wadhajn*.
4C3 West Madison street.
Mrs. .A. M. Wagner and children, 7*2 South
Canal or 174 Jtando.pb street.
Mrs. Wiley, send loBS 7 Kioxlc street.
Sophia Weincbrifte. 313 West Washington.
£anrWelcb. Methodist Church, Ada street.
Ur. Wilcox, lawyer. Hinsdale. 111.
Mary Williams and two chLdroo, 123 Twelfth
street-
Johnnie Wlopcn. John Ray. 383 Hubbard street.
Jane Wolf, first Congregational Church.
Mrs. Bobert Malcolm, Robert Malcolm. Jr., or
James Doyle, will find O. S. Burdick at 188 North
Rucker street.
Send to A. S. Wadhaas.
COMMERCIAL.
Wednesday Evening, Oct. 11..
Businesslsftrfrombeing paralyzed by the late
Arc, though there Is necessarily a'temporary ces
aatloo,Ull ibo people kn v shit they can do. Bus
iness la very t»**ie mi th people are already
moving, and beJ iro mail? da there will be a re
tom to commoicUi r.c;n*ty, hoogh it cannot be
expected Ibrl wr •hall i .iffic'.btely return to'the
old order of tilings, an ;-.*g,iiJ* the magnitude of
oor transaction*.,
The Director! of the C*rab -r of Commerce Ar-
Bociatiou held a njjcilng t> dry. and decided to re*
build Immediately cu the old site. D. A. Jones.
George C. Walker, mid J. L. Hancock were ap‘
pointed a committee to attend to the matter, with
fell power to act There was. an insurance of $225,-
000 on the building, of which about SIOO,OOO will
probably be obtained from the Insurance compa
nlca.
The preaent Board of Trade Rooms, on South
Canal street, between Washington and Madison,
were crowded to-day from an early to a late hour.
No commercial business was transacted, the mem
bers being chiefly engaged In organizing for the
r ?lief of the sufferers, by furnishing food, where
required, frpm the stores so liberally contributed
from other cities, and in answering questions on the
thonsandaud one topics brought op for discussion.
-The great business topic was the settlement eg
produce contracts remaining' unsettled on Bator
day last. The majority of' the board seem to be In
faTorofwlplng out everything outstanding then
and commcndnganew. This proposal Is opposed
however,by so large a minority that the discussion
at the meeting to be held on Satarday-aftemoon
next promises to be a very protracted and exciting
one. Till that point is settled very little trading
will be'done, other than a little betting on the
future of prices.
A little grain is coming In. and more wonld be
received were It not that the railroad facilities are
largely taxed in the work of carrying out parties
wbo wish to leave the city, and in brlnglngln the
contributions, of supplies from other cities.
There is :a little more' being' done
In moving' grain ...out, the
block in the river interferes aadly.with the move
ment of vessels, audit is difficult.to_obtain advan
ces on shipments in the absence of insurance*
Nevertheless, four cargoes were loaded yesterday
—the Coleredge, at the City Elevator, to take out
18.000 bu No. 3 spring wheat, and 9,000 bn oats;
the Oaklcaf.attbe Northwestern, to carry but IS,*
000 bu No. 9 spring; the Reindeer, from the North*
Western, to carry out 20,00) bu No. 1 spring; and.
the Nims, at Armour, Dole ACo 0., to taki-
33.000 bn wheat. A cargo of oats was ottered, her
was not taken for want of insurance' on the vei-^ci.
The advices from' European markets.lndicate an.
easierfeetiog In grain. A private telegram from
Liverpool says that the weather Is. fine'
and the feeling favorable to a de
cline !q prices. New York was quoted
yesterday as follows: Flour steady: wheat firm at
$1.58 to $1.60; com in good demand at79aßlc;
oats quiet, 33a55c; whiskey, 95c; pork quiet
$18.694113.75; iarf* quiet;
was quo.et at st.sG,la New York.
The ccl/comm* rcinl *(U-j reported Ic-dsywjuof
50brls
ordersli-re f*rmo;cat too samj pr!c*,a»d the
corres'j will arrive here to-morrow .tOrj ay for if
with.
Produce, o h’r h.-n gap and provisions, Is firm.
We note that ln’ldciv of «r. om corn reins j to come
a price,-and the same .a <rne of several ojur ar
ticles, ofwhich the a;ocks arc diminished .by the
late fire.
The fallowingJs the Grain Befiktnr’d offlctel re*,
port of Ihannonnt of grain burnt, In btuhela:
CENTRAL ELEVATOR “A.”
Wheat. '.V..... 174.0%
Corn ...,176590
0i15... ?86%
J Barley 69,651
Total 519,660
MUNGnt ARMOUR'S ELEVATOR.
Com 1 134,051
Rye 71,919
Barley 189.700
Total 395,673
HIRAM WHEELER'S ELEVATOR.
Wheat 133,309
Oats 91,233
Total 257.547
GALENA ELEVATOR.
Wheat 311,603
NATIONAL ELEVATOR.
Wheat 10.000
Corn 63,073
Out 47,443
Uar!^y..'.V....'...V.'.V.'.'.....*...' 821
T-tsl..; 150.090
Grand total, 1,634,705 bushels, valued at f1,235,*
914.
The commission men are rapidly gathering round
the new location of the Board of Trade, and eome
of the more enterprising already announce In our
advertising columns of this morning that they are
now prepared to make advances, and proceed anew
to the transaction of a general commission busi
ness.
The wholesale dealers are also moving. Hale A
Ayer; Hall, Klmbark Co., and Horse, Loomis
Co. have already obtained permission to occupy
295 feet In front of Bcsrbom Park, and will com
mencc to build immediately. Field, Letter £Co J
Bowen, Hunt Winslow, and one or two others’
also applied to the Boardbf Public Works to-day
for tbo required permission to build.
LIVE STOCK.
Since onr last report the receipts have been 3,760
cattle; 4,500 bogs; 650 sheep; and shipments 1,300
cattle; and 5,000 hogs. Owing to the absence of
bank accommodations, comparatively little. busi
ness is being transacted in the lire stock market,
the bulk of the arrivals of the past font days hav
ing been reloaded and forwarded East on owners'
account. Those shippers and city batchers known
to be responsible are being supplied with stock
oh thfclr" promise to pay.” There appears to be
no foundation for fears of a scarcity of meat, as tbe
daily arrivals at the stock yards promise to prove
more than ample to meet the consumptive demands
of the city. We are informed that Superintendent
J. B. Sherman baa notified General Sheridan that
should tbe necessity arise, tbe 'yards will be
thrown open and whatever stock they may contain
turned over to the city.. Values are, of course,
much unsettled and most continue so for the pres
ent; or until the banks have partially "righted
up." Tbe little stock sold changed hands at
prices not varying materially from those current
last week. We quote good to choice beeves at
siiO®s.SS; common to medium do at $3-£o£p4.oo,
and Inferior thin Jots at Hogs are
selling at a range of S4XO@4 AO for common coarse
beery and light mixed lots to choice even droves.
.Sheep may be quoted_at^|3.oo@4.7s—according to
quality.
THE FIRES IN THE WIS
CONSIN WOODS.
Peshtlgo Entirely Burned and' Sixty
or Seventy lives lost.
immense Destruction of Property—
Other Places in Danger.
[Special Dispatch to tbe Milwaukee Sentinel.]
Pood da lac, Wls.% Oct 9.—The great Area are
spreading. AU day yeitcrdaj poople were fighting
’''•'noa two mile* sooth and of this city. Is
w.* *_wns of Eldorado and Friendship much data
ig-a boa been done. It la feared it will reach tbe
great marshes' fa the tows of lAstartine. News
from Calomel county creates much anxiety. Many
residences an destroyed. Hay on the marshes has
been destroyed by hundreds of tons. Then (a a
report that Potter's Mills. In the town of Rantsal,
hate'been destroyed. This was quite a tillage,
hating oter two hnndred .people, two mills and
seteral stares. Up to noon yesterday, Chilton,
Oravesville and Clayton bad escaped.. It waa.near
ing the tillage of Bt. Cloud. People hare been out
lighting the fire for two days. An immense fire It
butuicg between Bt, Cloud and the town of Russell,'
in Sheboygan roomy. la the town of Porest.in
•Lis cocn*-, much damage baa been done, and tbe
.Ireljsilil rncactkud. There Is no controlling it
while the trloo is blowing so hard. At setea tbla
evening a rain set 10, which will do much to re'
Ikto the anxiety of all. P.
Neenah, Wla., October 6.—A large fin between,
Appleton and Henaaba, about two'miles from Me-
nasha, baa destroyed a great deal of Umber and
fences. About fire hundred acres bare been
burned over.
The following iafoom a private dispatch:'
Port Howard, October 9.—Passengers •by the
Eacanaba steamer report the Tillage of Peshtlgo
entirely burned, together with some sixty or
seventy people. The scenes described are
awfol. Those who were saved rnabed
into the river np to their necks, and dashed water
over Um!t beads. Loss. SIOO.OOO. Among those
reported homed are J. E. Beebe, bookkeeper, wife'
and two children; W. T. Thompson, clerk, wife
and mother. W. A. Ellis, general manage t. la re
ported injured. The wind la blowing a fearful
omado. Every house hot one was homed. At
he mootb of the Menomonee' river the extensive
mills are homed of Spaulding.- Hooghlatiae A
Johnson's and Spafford A Q. Elmore's., Largo loss
of life is reported at Negannee. The line has gone
back on oanow.
From eighty to one hundred are said to burned.
Also, numbers of persona are believed to have been
burned in the adjacent wood. At Birch Creek
eight miles north of Menomonee, on the Siatt.
road, thirteen persons are reported burned. G-eat
lean are felt for the fate ofPensankee; Snxmito.
and other lumbering towns on the bay shore. The
wildest rumors are afloat to-night.
A light rain. Just commenced, is falling tbit after
noon, and hopes are entertained that it will in
crease through the night. Green Bay Is not con
aidered in danger to-night. The fire departmer t
are on duty. The buildings are being-kept wet
The Oihkosh Northwestern, k ot Monday., gives
the following information regarding the Sunday
fires in that city:
“About throe o'clock ortSunday rooming flrv
was discovered in one of the warehouses connected
with tbe-sath, door and blind'factory of B. B. Rob
erta A Co, Notwithstanding the efforts of the fire-,
men and the steamers,theflrecontinned-tb spread.
Two warehouses and four tenement houses owned
hy Messrs. Roberta A Co. were wrapped In flames
ind soon destroyed. The fire spread across war
ren ttnr-C, homing the residence of William Love
land and two barns owned by J. R. Benedict and C.
O'Dell.
The Food da Lac Dally, of Monday, has the fol
lowing dispatches;
Jefferson, October 9.—The town has hi on ham
log for some boars. People are moving out fatt
as they can. The flames are spreading Tiko cbiff
before the wind. Nearly ail of the business part of
the city baa been burned.’ Several thousand cords
of wood belonging to the nUlroad’haabeen burned.
No lives loat so for.-*
"Grsek Bat, October. 9.—Lamb's extensive
•ivr alii, together with. store,. suiroandinf
booses. log* and many dwellings, barns, hay and
grain slacks, thirteen mile* nortKJßpthe_ city;
burned last night. Fire* are burning over the
countrya second time. People ofGroca Bay are
flocking to the country to as*Ut the fanm'ri 1
LATER.
.UaiojtXT, Oconto Oct. 10.
Mayor of Milwaukee:
A horrible calamity baa befallen
owdi on Green Bay. Peshtigo Tillage, mills and
uv* sugar both .settlement' wefe'eallrely swept
.-.•.vawon Snndtj night and yesterday morning!-
From one to three hundred, lives were loat and
odlcßl>adly bhrncd. WholefanriHespcrisbed,and
i scores are lying around dead, writing to the bor
rifled Bring ones to bury them. Medical aid mast
bo sent at once to save the people who are des
titute.
(Signed)' IsaacSrnnnwi.
Gxtszx Bar, Wit., October io, 1971.
H. Lodingtoni Mayor of Milwaukee:
Menomonee is pnt rt ■'anger. Bpafford A GO
more’s mill is 'the only bolldlag btrned. A
heavy rain lut eight saved the place. Most of
Minckaane tm boned. Peabtlgo is all borsed.'
I together, with sixty or serenty persons. The
bslat.ee saved iheir lives bymahlng into-the river,
Bosctscx ißnorraan.
A TIOT£L OFPBBEBt
Ur. Towukend. of the Townsend Mouse, Ocono
mowoe, Wla M is In this eily, and desires all of his
patrons and their friends who are desixmu of com
ing to bis hotel to leave'letters at lie journal
office. He wishes them to nndentaod that this is
entirely grata!iocs, and that he wQI give them and
their families a home until-Ihey-eaa find-other
qcartjrs. He hopes'all bis friends will take ad
raatige of this kind (ffjr. so he may have a suffl
cintamjxlertewam&tbim in opening the betel.
69, GH
COAX.
Miner T. Ames
Go.,
I West Randolph-st.
COAL
A.T
OLD PRICES!
In One Ton Lots or
Less Only.
DESTITUTE CAN HAVE IT
WITHOUT MONEY.
PALACE CAR CO.
PULLMAN
GENERAL OFFICE,;
Comer EifjJiteenth-st.
and Prairie-mo,
DRUGGISTS.
HURIBUI EMI,
Wholesale Druggists,
WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS.
Office, 680_Michigan-av.
Orders seat to os will be filled about the 30th
last.
.All parties Indebted to os are requested to re-
Piltln cnrreacy. by express, or draft on New York.
BOOKS.
NOTICE.
•In tlie great fin which destroyed every business
boose la Chicago we loet oar entire stock. In ten
days we shall hare a full stock of School Booke,
Miscellaneous Books, Stationery, Blank Books,
Medicalßooki,<£c.. and will be again pre
pared lb 111 orders in oor new bnildlng, now being
erected at the corner o) Waahlngton-«f. and Dear*
born-place.
W. B. KEEN COOKE,
Office, 228 Michigan-ay.
STOVES,
swinnnif
Oni Warehouse, on the North Bier, where oir
stock of
STOVES
Waa stored, escaped destruction. Onr atock b
complete, and we can ship all orders as toon as th<
railroads are prepared to receive. Wa have se
-nred for an office and salesroom the third floor o
Noe, 30and Bißooth-Canal at n over Wm. Blair A
‘o., new hardware store.
JOHN F. RATHBONE CO.
INSTRUCTION.
Am CdDsemiory of Misil
ROBERT OOLDBECK, Director,
7 .7 Ha* opened at
Dearborn Seminary,
985 Wabash-av. f
Corner of Twenty-aecosd-aL
Pnplls and shareholders maj
continue* theix lessons at once.
AH Informailon siren by
L. 1-A RUE, Secretary.
jCNSURAKCE.
NOTICE.
Parties hoUUig FpUcies In the CONTINENTAL,
YO.SKKrtb.' ana iIAKtxET VvM
PAMIRS of New. York are rcqncstcd to presed
their CLAIMS, wWUhcif POLICIES, at the office
ofO.H.BAERKTTA CO., Agents, Masonic
Building. comer West Randolph and Balated'Sb
O. IT. BARRETT 8c CO.,
4gcm».
REMOVAL.
THE WESTERN NE WS COR
PAST Witt BE-ESTABLISB
THEIR BUSINESS BY THE
PRESENT WEEK AT 00
WEST RANDOLPH, CORSEB
OF JEFFJEB«Q2V.
BATLHOADS.
NOTICE.
The Illinois Central Railroad
Company’* offices are located at
No. sl<^HieHlran*av.
JOHN NEWELL,
Chicago, Oct. n, isrJL Sldenl
MILLINERY.
GAGE BROS.
&CD.,
WHOLESALE
Mlllllßl.
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV,
Will open ■with an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 Indiana-av.
About the 20th October.
Send Your Orders.
merchant tailor.
ELY,
Draper and Tailor,
Is still ALIVE and well,
and, with a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabasb-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts.. in readi
ness to serve his city and
country pa-rohs as usual.
Established in C hicago,
1854
EXPRESS,
THE
ADAMS EXPRESS
Company’* Office la at
55 West Washington-st,
Patrons will pleaae leave their addres?. that we
nay dellrcr their goods.
JNO. L. HOPKINS, Agent.
BOOTS AKD SHOES.
Doggett, Bassett Hills.
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash~av.,
Comer Harmoa-coart.
Have on the way a new
stone of
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he p’epared
o supply enstom^rs.
DRY GOODS.
DRYGOODS!
DRYGOODS!
Tlos.Pl!B]ps 80..
32 34 West Eandolph-st.,
COH\EB UXAt,
Sell all Goods at the old
egular prices.
No advantage taken of
the Calamity.
MACHINERY,
hicago Vise&Tooi Company,
MANUFACTURERS OP
SOLID BOX VISES,
IELLOWS, PICKS, CBOWB.iRS,
HAMMEBB, StEDGES, TOXGS,
MACHINISTS’ HLACKSMITIIS’,
MASONS’. RAILROAD TOOLS,
AC*, AC.
Haring escaped the terrible conflagration, we are
-dll prepared to manabeture all goods la oar line
vlth promptness and despatch.
All kinds of repairing n anvils, rises, machin
ery, ite., done to order..
OFFICE AND WORKS,
149.151 &.153
BUSINESS GARBS.
JHASE, MNfORD CO.,
•rannfitctorers and Refiners* Wholesale Agents for
he sale of Standard Illuminating and Lubricating
Jils, White Lead, Varnishes, Glass, Axle Grease,
,-*lne Tar, etc., 479 Caoal-et., near Twelfib-eU, Chl
eago.
Boomer JenUs
Uannfactnren and dealers in improved Hoi Air
r'omacaa. Registers, Ventilators. Cooking Ranges,
*toves. Hoase Famishing Goods, etc.. Fumsce
.‘lpea, Tin Roofing, and Guttering. i£hj State-st.,
Jhicago.
"SAIAS J. WARREN,
Real Estate Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 Michigan-nr.
Cosiness copllnned without Interruption.
SIBLEY ENDICOTT,
WHOLESALE GROCERS
127 WEST TWELPin.ST.,
Comer Clinton.
W. H. FRANCIS,
KB AT, ESTATE AG-EET,
Temporary OEce—l2o West Randolpli-st.
San plygn Land Agenry.
HEEMBT QUI K,
law Ofllco
537 STATE>ST.
GEO. J. H. S. QUICK.
WnIGHT BEEBE
are all right and bar* one stoie left. No. 20 Mar*
ket-flt, and.a*e prepared to rt Cj.Tj and handle
W.lhdeapitch all kit di of protu o.
Caahasitjsl.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-12 page 4 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-12/ed-1/?sp=4 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:30Z ========

FINANCIAL NEWS.
Wall Street Alter the Great Chi-
cago Fire.
Button Insurance Companies Will
Pay In Falli
NEW YORK MOSEY AND STOCK MARKET
Kew York. OcU 10.—Wall street has been the
scene of great excitement throughout the day.
Gold yesterday evening and this morning was de
ureaaedby the sales of prominent speculators, who,
ft is said.'threw SS,OjO,OUO on the market. The
earliest sale to-day was at 1132*. since which U has
advanced to 114?», closing firm at the latter price,
ymm 5 per cent to 1-30 of 1 per cent was paid for
carrying; late in the oay, from 7 per cent to 1-16 of
1 per cent foe use. Clearings.
The money market was extremely stringent to
ward the close ofhank hoars; 7 per cent gold was
the highest rate paid outand out. but inform the
earning stocks rates have been s£, and J4 of 1
percent. In the Slock Exchange, Rock Island
•was turned this afternoon at a rate which gave the
lender of moneys per cent for its use until to-mor
row; this, however, was entirely exceptional.
Sterling exchange U qnoted at 109 KS.
Government bonds were dull and lower; the
market closed feverish. It Is expected that the
Secretary will buy an extra amount of bonds,.for
tlte purpose of letting out some of the Treasury
currency,
The following are tbo 5;3J p. m., or closing quo- h
tatloas:
_issis,conp. lir.ii s
•ISG2s 117K'
ISMs Ill 3 c
1303 a 114* i
ISCS-.ncw 11314
ISCTs 1133*
ISCSacoup H3»* I
30-lOs, HOJS
Currency Ca. up* 6
State bonds were dull and weak.
.Missouri. 9i 1
Tehncsscc, old «6
Tennesees. new
Virginia, new GO:
'Virginia, old CO"
North Carolina, old 41«4
North Carolina, new 9l‘
Railway stocks were excited and feverish. The
fluctuations were wide and frequent, aud attended
enormous dealings. Onlythree (allures Lave thus
far been cnnounccd. which Is somethiog' remarka
ble, In the face of tho great shrinkage in values
since Saturday last. The greatest fluctuation
of the day was In Illinois Central, 'which
sold, at .140 and IS*, a difference "of 8
per cent. The changes In the other shares
were Compassed within 3 to 6 per. Gene -The mar-
ket changed from depression to firmness, «fml from
ffrmncss to deprospion.with great rapidity. The
market closed up steady,"and comparatively quiet,
after a day of great activity, excitement, and Ire*
qnent fluctuations. The closing quotations
generally were about 1 to 2 per cent off
from the highest prices of “the v dar.
An unsettled feeling still prevails at the Stock
Exchange and In financial circles, the events of the
future bums awaited with great anxiety. The short
Interest U large, and has got its contracts covered
without loss or finding itself unexpectedly Mongof
clocks. Good buyers -have !>een road* to
clocks at the concessions forced by necesslty.-
Two prominent hrokera,of Philadelphla.snkpeiid
«d business this morning;- i t
The following are the 5:30 p. m., or closing quo
tations for government:
Canton
Western Union Telegraph 53
Quicksilver '-.CUJU
..Mariposa, i'
Mariposa preferred 2
Adams Erpresa 80
iVclls Parjjo’a Express 51
American Express m
United State* Express 61
Pacific Mail 451^
New York Central bBV
New York Central scrip BQ>;
Erie preferred 67--
-•-Harlem -v-V 124
“Harlem preferred V j«g
Reading .IQ7
3!icbigan Central -no
Cleveland Pittsburgh •113
Northwestern ia
Northwestern preferred $7
Rock Inland. QSW-
New Jersey Central v ifM-1
St. Paul sju'
St, Paul preferred 77'
Wabash I 56U
Wabash preferred 74'*
Fort. Wayne U9
Terre Haute ,"L 29
Terre Haute preferred 50
-Chicago Alton 112
Chicago A AJtonpreferred 11a:
Ohio k Mississippi
Cleveland, Columbus Cincinnati 84
Burlington Quincy 120
jAke Shore gjw
Indiana Central
Illinois Central 132
Union Pacific stocks 22*
Central Pacific bonds 101*4
Union Pacific bunds 88
BOSTON* INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Boston. Oct. 3U.—ThftLßoston insurance office*
aßfkroJafwnulncd.nroUaljlefurthrocmUllaD•
hundred thensand dollar* in Chicago risks °P e
'Hide and Leather ln?-nninco Companv 'The
3 truest, amounting to fT.VJ.OUU. l e
Boston,. Oeu-3d.—The
-crowded.- Addresses were
ncr, Wilson, and; others. 'g Senator bum
'meeting was authorized _ ,A*JL Tf^ l L re L 0 lhc
Chicago to draw for#* -Mayor of
t-nbecxlmloa is goi* 000 flt «oce* The work of
The t*ho6 a" oh.
fOT
rOREIGX JiEITS,
ItotT Ute -Chicago Fire Is Viewed lu
England.
London, OcL,JJ.—The chief topic of all circles is
the Chicago calamity. At clubs, exchanges, news
rooms, in parlors, hotels, OTcrywhcrc, the appallin'*
disaster is talked about. Brief' accounts traus-"
InUttid. through, the cable' were at firfct.
tcgafdcd atresaggerated, bat as each Buccccdrog
4cppatcb Confirmed and increased the extent of
the loses, and private adriccs began to be rccclTOd,
a feeling of deep sympathy was aroused and a fle*
hire manifested to contribute In some clTcctlve
manner to the relief oftbe sniTorers.
Subscriptions were soon began. J. s. Morgan
Co., Hon. Hugh McCulloch, and other American
bankcrawcro among the first to more intbisbc
‘halt -Contributions'are already flowing la.Hber
aby. A largo sum will bo telegraphed^ to Ibo order.-
of the proper partlcs ln America la a few days.
At Lircrpool a committee has' been organized
who hare 'already made arrangements to despatch
cargoes of food nod clothing to Chicago, fundi for
this purpose haring already been paid in.
Minister Scbcnck boa Inrited oil AuK r s catlß n v
j near London to ineci; at the L' -oghani n©»ci
10-morrow, for tby mri)ose of
organizing- relief committees.- The
U. S, Consol General Requests all Consular officers
to aid lncollecUr% forwarding contributions
’and enpplfce.
The deplores- the calamity, but declares
faith In *jic Americans and the resources of Chi*
cago. and wishes that its suffering Inhabitants may
‘TCtorcr from the disasters Otherjoumals mako the
eatae topic prominent. Some recall the munificence
of America to the people of Lancashire, and
declare that Englishmen most not only repay that
kindness, but aid to restore the cUy whicb has been
regarded asamonament of American enterprise.
the rEELIXG
>’E\V YORK. V
P 2sEW Tons, Oct. 10. —Officer* and employes of
steamship. express, railroad, and transportation
L companies Of the city have psolved to contribute
relief to those in Chicago in similar business. C.
Eyang, of the Virginia Tennessee Air line
''Railroad, has received telegrams from the Havers'
ofMacon ana Savannah, Ga.. that the rallroad'em
pluyes of that section would unite'ln aiding-the
sufferers.
The Chicago lire has so absorbed .pabllc-atton
itoQ hero that bat little heed is given to any
thing else. Even the elections, occurring yester
day, awakened no excitement, and last night there
was scarcely any concern paid to the returns from
Ohio and Pennsylvania, for nearly all classes
seemed to be interested in the Chicago people.
All are uulUugin the,work of contributing aid to
the sutfurers. Every class iigcuerously respond-,
tag to the call for help. The press ir -a?klng the
people to come forward with substantial succor.
Subscription books ate opened in the several
newspaper offices. The Iterate! calls upon all the
atrical people to give a benefit night for the dis
tressed city. Holigkms denominariona are moving
lu the work. An appeal has been Issued by the
Catholic Bishop for polleclionsta all the churches
on Sunday■next." Individual subscriptions are al-
Toady going forward with alacrity. All corporate
susodatloux join in the work -of generosity. The
Jlerald gives SOO Masonic organizations through
out thc.Matc that are called upon to come forward
to aid. The Chamber of Commerce fund last jijr hi
increased SSO,OUO.
Sew Yorb,Or,t, 10.
To Tl'm-iT Strifth:
Tto Sew York 'Journal ofCoVtfriern elrce SSOO
nlODCDlotbe rollerrcDd. Tell ibe uuiEoritm-lo
Iclejraph whether greenbacks shall 'he-seat or
Vbetbcr they will draw on David M. Stone.editor.
1 J. \V. SLMONTON. I
AT BUFFALO. N. Y.
S. Y., Oct. lOi-rAn'order has Txielj
received hero to-day froi) 1 merchants of Chicago
yor 250.000 bricks ta.tvmrai-nco rebuilding.
i Miss Clara Louisa Kellbgg gives .the benefit of
Tier concert here tomorrow night for the Chicago
cofferers.‘ j v
Kate Stanton offers to lecture rh the cities of the
country tor the sauittoblect.
AT CINCPJNATL v
Cincinnati,' 'Celt' UK- PorUand—bar
catlcrticmeeting for morro w to aid the Chicago
sufferers. Detp**’ 3 from other cities East show
a prompt iu} tills direction. A train
load**'* leaves CiDcinnntUo-nlgbl in
each other to send immediate relief to Chicago.
RESPONSES rilOM CE
COMPLIES. 14
tTc tender, through yon. to the nollcyholdcr* of
Ihc Ilotue Insurance Company of Columbns, 0.,
liwtainltiirlo*a by the recent conflagration..the
•Tninathlcs* of thcofllccra of the company, and as-
Sci til their losses will be promptly adjust
ed aud Sd 'vithout a day's unnecessary delay,
nv order of the Board of Directors,
jjy order y M uAKEIt, Secretary.
lttS«Uin« for Clilugo to-
POLITICAL.
If it is of any interest to our read
ers to know hotv the October elec
tions have gone, tvc mention the fact
that Pennsylvania has gone Republi
can by 10, 000 majority, Ohio Republi
i can by 20,000, and Texas Democratic
by' 8,000 —the latter electing four
I Democratic members of Congress.
The Democrats elected their city
ticket in Savannah (Ga.) by 2,000
majority—about one-half of the ne
groes,voting the Democratic ticket.
The Cincinnati. Gazette thinks
that the Ohio Legislature Is Republi
can, but'is nbfeertain.
REMOVE THAT LUMBER!
Fires are burning in the .coal heaps
on the river, ami it happens that al
most ever}’ burning coal heap is flank
ed on the-west 'side of the river by
lumber piles. If the wind. should
shift to the cast and drive hot
cinders into this mass of pine, it
would probably burn, notwithstand
ing there are a number of steam fire
engines handy, and plenty of water
for them to throw. The owners of
,111*19 lumber ought to remove it at
r oiice, not only for the safety of their
property hut for that of all West
Chicago.
THE EXCITEMENT ELSEWHERE.
Newspapers andtclegrams from all parts of Ihc
country show that the excitement bver tho Chicago
.fire U more intense and general than anything since
the close of the war. It would he neclcsa lo reprint
from our exchanges the accounts of meetings and
subscriptions for the' relief of Chicago sufferers.
Tho papers contain,- hardly anything but news of
the Chicago fire and Chicago relief.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Renders ofr/Tiic Tribune who
nrc gaffereri by the Fire, and
nrc* prepared to give an esti
mate of tbo amount of their
Losscs-and -Insurance, will con
fer a Ihvor hy sending a slate-'
ment to this office —ls South
Canal Street.
.MAltltlEh.
COLLYER—MOORE—In city, liu-t cvcnlni,
by the Rev. Robert Collycr. Samuel Collvcr, ron
of4he offieintingclcrgyman, to Rebecca, daughter
of J. Moore, n#q., of Odell, 1 11.
J’: I>IED.
HOPE—At No. 10 NortU October
10, EdoaE., only dangoterof S. C. and Nettie Av
Hope, a*edft months-and 1 day.
ItOBINffONf-Oct» 10,‘,nit 1 o’clock. Eliza naIUC
eccohd ydnricttsf daußfitcr of il. and E.
Funeral will lake place to.day at 2
Friendw and acquaintances Invited.
CARPETS.
E.F.HOLLISTEH&CO.,
Cirjsll lamlottse,
1.0 12 North. Canal-st.
■Have just Wretched and opened
SINCB TUB, 8188, a Urge
stock of
CARPETS
Curtain Goods,
JVozv ready for exhibition at, the Well
known Burniiurc Sia nd of. IIALB
BROTHER, 10 is 'North
Canal-si.; up stairs.
moH.
-Office of
376 WABASH-AV.
STOCK TJNmixrBED AND BEADY
rcm ’business.
Send along year orders. A full stock of PIG
IRON and COAL on band.
GROCERIES.
GROCERIES.
The Office of
G. C. COOK CO,
Is Located at
No. 299 Michigan-av.,
Where \re will plenscil to lee all i
old Customers zuicl friend*.
TVe expect'to'lie able.to till* nil Oril'e M
Tor Goods In about onewcek, audmui't
beff our Hrlencls to lie patient wltU us ii»
Ibe mean time. Our correspondent* tv 111
please address as above.
G. C. COOK CO.
Chicago, Oct. 11.1871.
Weare prepared
to sc ;11 small lines
of'.! Sugars, Gof»
fees, and. Teas, for
cas7/i. DA7> AL«
LEffl Co., 631
MicMgan-atr., cor.
Eighteenth-si.
PAPER.
-3?APEBI
resumed -business for the prceeut at
.55-'IV 7 ESX LARE-ST., _
Where* we will Iks pleased to see our cuslomcH
Wills U onrWcntls- who .are Indebted to he please
remit,* 9Jch.amoßnu, r ,aud thereby.greatly aid as lo
ihls cn icrjfeucy
.aicCANN. FITCn CQ'NVETISK.
GROCERIES.
THE RUIWS.
GENERAL NOTICES.
LINE,
1 The 'office* of the Empire Transportation Coni- [T? BOSE. ARCHITECT,
pauy le In the Lake Shore Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, corner of Folk and (>rlswold-Ete.
_ JOS. STOCKTON, Agent.
LOUIS LLOYD CO.,
NEWSPAPER
Advertising Agency,
UEOPENED AT
MILLINERY.
TO OUR
The disastrous Sire, of Oct. Stli.
having destroyed our former
premises,-Nos. 53 and 55 ImUc-
si.,we have removed that por-
lon of our goods which were
saved to, and will occupy, the
four-story and ground lloor
store
57 West W asMngton-st-,
Kear the Tunnel Entrance.
Our ‘buyers arc now in. d lc
Sow York marhcls, aud In a
very few days vve shall be en
abled, by aid of telegraph and
Express, to oll'cr to the trade a
fall assortment ofMIIiMXEKY,
I.tDIES’ CTIBiISIIISC, FAX’
CY COOKS ASD TBIMMIXCS,
to which constant additions will
1)C made throughout Uic season.
Orders entrusted to our care
will receive the same careful
and prompt attention as hereto-
fore. In .view of the great ca
lamity Willett lias befallen tlic
business i»f Chicago, wo would
earnestly request a special effort
towards prompt payment of past
and future Indebtedness.
Very truly yoarir
5). is. r;isu c<r
Chicago; Oct;lQ» 1871.
-RTA-SOS, ETC.
THE OFFICE
Kill i ft
.Rj.NOW AT
2-70 3Vlicliisa.ii av.
A fULL ASSOKTMEST OP
KNABE&BAUER
pianos
in now in tr»aeltr in _, f i> flr tics huv
nlmTc. 1 1
DRY-GOODS.
CHADWICK
Pells Dry Goods m»--iirii* n* Ibu H^s
and at
South Side Prices.
We ilnll KOT MARK CP ASV GOODS.
ViaU sUorlljte in rccOll* or now goods dally from
New York. Cull at
237 West Madisoa-st;,
TliOlirSON'S BLOCK.
tiHfInWICK CO.
REAI. ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE OEEICE
of
SNYDER LEE,
Boom 17 Xix.oh Building, northeast corner Monroe
and LaSalle. Also West-Sidy office at l\o. !l South
Halstcd-st;. Masonic Building, corner Randolph.
The&loteTheatre
FOB SALE.
WE U.WE THE DISPOSAL OF THE GLOBE
Th-atro U is on Dcsplaincs direct, between
Mudhou and Washington streets, and U -on
leased ground, at Jin animal rental of sl.ouo and
taxes and assessments of ali kinds. The lease is
for 15years from July. IhTO. We will par all legiti
mate duhts against the building, and will sell the
Imilillng free from incumbrance, tubject to the
U ilTvHirrV i A snF.RWOOD.ISWegtMn^^
MUSIC
LYON 1 HEM'S
office win he at 143 Smith Teona street, ui
ocrmanent location l» secured, and our new eta
urrlres. Arrangement* hove been made tohavc tl
orders of our customers executed ut the house
Oliver Ditson&Co., 277 Washlngton-sU, Uosio
where facilities ore unequalled hy any house In tl
trade Some of our most efficient clerks will b<
there so attend So the wants of our friends. Messrs
UHson Co. will also he able to execute orders fo.
*he most popular of our publications, orders having
1,. feu sent hv telegraph to have them re-engraved.,
e*g-i v 1
NOTICES OP REMOVAL.
E. P- HOLLISTER CD,,
CARPET WAREHOUSE
WILL HE FOUND AT
10. 10 South Canal-s'
Musrc.
f.ziEanELD
Director of tUc Chicago
•ictitletiiy of <Jtliisic s
Hay I>c addressed, foe the present, a
no. cio .men iga\-at
LIQUORS^
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS,
..11= and 13 West-iHadlson-st.,
CHICAGO/ILL..
iLtTCon baud nTtill stoefcof line Kentucky. Dour
ffiu "and Rye Whl-kic.-, Uius.-Brandies. A“--hher
'ry PorU-Rld.'e. Catawba, and California 'V Sues,
which they trill sell ol prices fully as low as bofort,
“oSmy nmiam Bo Yro'i l>r ciamtnlr.<r
our Block. :lUstl.oJar S u.|.lnlho clly. Onion by
ynail will cot prompt hUcntion _^_ ;^ji—

Architect,
will rcsn. mc business al 5i Canal-st., Iu a fuw
PERSONAL
AIKS. AtAIK-AKirr WItIGIIT SO A,
Arrived In Oils citj' Friday, October 0. John Davi-
Eon rvill pic »»c A' EcS l
go North Vos 1 cru Oopot. -JOHN MIUGIIT,
v nikpn, ilaaagcr.
SHIR’
SHIRTS.
WILSON
BROS.
Will have a fall line of Shirts and tar
nUhlnc i.ood* from their Cincinnati
House, Saturday, Utli. Shirts made to
order a« usual, corner Waba»h-av. and
Twc«ty»llr*t»«t.
All women In llielr employ previous
to the fire, will please call at once to
see about work.
GENERAE NOTICES.
OTJK OFFICE
FOR THE I’RESEXT
WILL BE AT
606 Wlichigan-av.
GHfIS. P. KELLOGG CO.
Our new slurc on Wabash-av., nearly oppoMlo
tbo old Clifton House, will be completed on or
about March 1, w hen we shall ho glad <o *bow onr
customers ns large and desirable a stock aa ever
before exhibited by ns.
TO OCR CLIENTS,
\V*c arc completing with most t
nr clients for the adjn»tnicnt of llielr Iti-nrouc
iaini!* at the earliest possible (lute. If the rental!
or of our clients willhrlns; them to up at once u
UllMj able to classify and expedite their scllh
icni
ELDRIDGE ToURTKLLOTTE,
man truman,
Attorneys.
Our offices will bitoselhcr for the present, at
Room 6, Avenue House,
Comer of Wnhasli-av. and Ttventy-secomist.
JOSEPH H. STEELE,
Auction and Corutnluslnn Merclmnl, No. 0
Champaign. 111. Consignments solicited. Re
turns promptly made.
REFERENCES:
It. F. Harris, Pres, Ist National Rank, Champaign.
1) Bailey. Director. Ist National Bank, Champaign.
Dr. Houston. Dir'c’r. Ist National B‘k.Champaign.
Burnham, Condlt,* Co..Bankers. Champaign.
D. Gardner* Co.. Bankers, Champaign.
Richards Bro.. Bankers. Champaign.
Rusev *Bro., Bankers. I'rhana.
R. n! Houston Sou,' Bankers, Monllcello. 111.
Thomas Bros. Weedman, Rankers. Fanner City.
Win. B. Clapp* Bro.. dcwellers. III.
Burley Tyrrell. Crockery Dealers. Chicago. 111.
Miller Toll. Drv Goods Dealer*. Champaign.
Klcliberp Bro,.Dry Goods Dealers. Champaign;
John Gere. Dry Ooo’ds Dealer, l-fharn.
THE OFFICES OF THE
CALUMET CHICAGO
CANAL fc DOCK CO,
O. S. Uoueli Sons, Bowen
Brother*, T. S. Dobbins, Chat.
A. Gregory, C. ti. Abell, will be
at 300 Wubaftlwiv.
JAMES 11. BOWEN.
WILL BE FOUND. AT
H. A PITTS’ SON’S,
106 108 W. Eandolph-st.
A. M. U. Ex. Co.
On .and After
MONDAY NEXT, OCT. 18,’Tl,
tlio General Ofilcc of the Company will be located
at
214, 21$, 218 West Ea=dolph-st.,
comcrofGrcen. until which date they are located
aiNo. 115 Twuuty-sccond-et.
Merchants’ Despatch TransportationCo.’s office,'
\on mid alter Monday dost, Oct. It?, at -11 West Tlnn-

A FIRE PROOF BUILDING.
'The bundin'* now standing on the northeast cor
ncr of Monroonml InSaWMla. k not Intend (onll
lo a mull amonut), and Ibi. I> owing to the jirincf
ole of u-inc Iron tiesms nml brick arcbca, brat In
iroduccti in this country by J 1) Corllc!. In tbc
con.truclioti of lbe larfc imbUsblnp bonsc of
Jlsssrs. llarpcr lu >«w
J, B» W. 0* COELIESj
Architect* and Builders,
399 West Vanßaren-st*
TUE OFFICE OF
F4IEBAKK, PECK &'CO.,'
AND-
N. K. FAIEBANK,
Tsai their
Factory, eor.' of Eighteenth;*, Blactsroll-rfs.,
IVcar tlie Xli-ldgc.
They will he able to supply LARD ami LARD OIL'
Friday morning.
NOTICE.
Unlil furtlior nollcctho 1111-
nuis Central Railroad Company
will receive and deliver ifrclglit
ut the Chicago, Burlington A
ttuincy ICullroad Company's
1 Depot, Cnnal-M.
S JOSEPH F. TUCKER,
l n* f General Freight Agent,
on Chlcaco.OcLll.lßTl.
t ljo ggy* Other papers plcaso copy.
The Cook County
National Bank
IS OPET FOR BUSINESS AT
081 TV AI)ASXX -A V.
SWAN. CLARK k PUTT
-AUE SELLING
Furniture at Former Prices
TVIIOLmLE AXI) lIETAIIi,
Comer Canal and Washington-sts,
CHASE BROS.&CO.
Bavin" rated their
Abstracts of Cook County Secbrds
From the fire hate located ln_thc
MASOMi; miUtlNfw,
Corner of Went Randolph and (N0.,9
South Balalcd-at.).’ and will eooa te; prepared-to
furnish.complete chains of title to all real estate in
IhU city and county;
'J’he Enterprising Firm of
JAMES s: KIRK CO.;
Soap Manufacturers;.
err. nin.ildr ongaeod With a large three of-mcirrc.-
the fronvO lß ruins., and.expect lo
rn-lmilt and in la’ forly-li^days,
real estate-kerb; dAvi-
SOX, 63 Canai-st* second floor, wiU
he glad to sec friends..
The Chicago Legal News
„-UI be tuned o» _S«tnriUy MoruluK
7, IJnitU Block. r
fro.nt ItoO' _-. T
rosexflM'Dj hunger
l«e le.« .o. TOU^«
ami the trade that we \v«. upui w**®
So. 75 Halsled st.. near Madisu...* p ii.
Direct UUcns at present lo2tid Wi" ro
All Members of lion Molders’
No. 33, are requested to meet at Father Mathew’s
Temperance mil. llarmon-st., near Ualated, at 3
o’clock p. m. sharp. Thursday. October 12. By
order of T. LYNCH, President. J. P. lULEY,
Secretary.
BUSINESS CARPS.
JACOB IS. SMIH»ISEKB>,
Twcnty-sccond-sf. Bank.
The Mechanics’ Savings
Bank is receiving ami
paying deposits as usual
Exchange, sold on Sew
York, and collections
made in all parts of the
country.
THE NATIONAL (BEGIN)
WATCH COMPANY
Have resumed business at
the S. W. cor. of Green and
Washingtori-sls. 10,0©0
Elgin Watches protected
in Vaults passed through
the great conflagration
uninjured, and can he rec
ommended as Adjusted
to Temperature. Orders
from the trade promptly
tilled.
THE SINGER-MAN’F’G
CO.’S oliicc, Twcuty-fo’lh
st. and Soulh Park-av. Be
•ail office, 217 South Hal
slcd-st. Storehouse, Clarli
st. aud Arehcr-av. New
building will he up within
fortv days at the old place.
11. M. CHAjVDIjEK, ftieu
cral Advertising Agent, 35
South Canal-sf. Adver
tisements received for in
sertion in all Chicago
dailies. liCave orders for
Job Work.
CHICAGO IIRANCH
Knickerbocker tile Ins.
Co., of New. York, has sur
vived the tire, and opened
office at Masonic Temple,
corner Hoisted and Bau
dolph-sts.
EUASTCS LYMAN. President.
WIIEATON RANDALL. Managers.
Office of MATHEWS
MASON, and. BROWN
PRIOR, No- 659 Wahash
av. Open goods’ to-day,.
12th.
TEALL FISHER, In
surance Office, with Dick
inson, Leach Co,, No. 25
Canal-st., Chicago.
REMOVED.
D. t'OLE SOV, Real Estate
and House Aecnli, ISS West
i)ladisou-st. Caa bo found a
larsc list of properly for sale
and rent In llio Wear Division.
Houses rented mid Kents Col
lected:
FLOBENCFi ;SE WING ,MA r
COINED
WM. n. SUAKP CO., Gen
eral Ascnts. Olllee. nml *lbrc
room 15 iSldVldgc-court, Hear
UlieJiltfan-uv. Bp«ti»cii oiilvo, U5
.South Hnlstcd-nt.
R. C. MILLER CO..
00. WEST laAJiE STIIEET,
cpiNisxissiON
Arc happy to Inform thcir/ricnd* and patrons
tbnt they have fortunately escaped the lire, uml
will combine their business at the same old stand,
where all produce in one line wH! receive prompt
nlteulioa.
SIDNEY THOMAS
lias removed 1U« Law OiUcc to 120
Fourth-ckv. _ _j_
T. S. FITCH CO-
Ci»i» Vmtnd l*» Temporary
Ertetcil at theirOhl Slnad,
163 and 165 Dearborn-st,
TBE ISSCRANtiE ACEXCY OF
ARTHUR C. DUCAT, is re-established
for the present at 192 West Madl
son-st. j V:
tesney, mcclellan, tenney*
Attorneys and ’Counsellors, 45 Ilub
bard-coutt, between State and Wa-
bask
Law Office of -HITCHCOCK,
DUPEE EVARTS, will be at
219 South Sahgambn-st., be
tween 10 and 2 o’clock, for a
few days; then 'at corner of
Monroe and Wells-sts.
COMSTOCK, PICCERING
CO. have recovered their books
and papers from the great fire,
and have located at 41 Canal
st., near the Board of Trade,and
will continue the Commission
business and receive consign
ments of grain.
Dr. T. B. WALKER, Oculist.
Offices: Corner of State and
Twelfth-sts. (over Evarts’ drug
store), from 10 to I 328 West
Madison.st.,' from 2 to 4 p- m.
F. E. BAUMANN. Archi
tects; Temporary.officefortwo
weeks at S. W. corner of Canal
and Twelfth-site., afterthattime
at Nixon’s: Building, corner
■Monroe and, LaSalls-sts.
"*vjf J, QUAN CO., whole
sale'grocers, would respectfully
say to their patrons and the pub
lic generally, that they will have
goods in stqre and for sale, at 61
West Water-st., rear of Canal.
CRERAR,. ADAMS CG„
Railway Supplies, have remov
ed their office to 64- South. Jef.
ferson-sf., where all orders
should be addressed.
Lumbermen generally of this
city are particularly requested
to meet at the corner of Market
and Lake-sts.,' this (Thursday),
morning. at 10 o’clock, to con
sult on gen.eral-matters ofinter
estto the- trade; ‘A. G. VAN
SCHAICK, Ch’nCom.
C. C. WALLIN’ Son; Leath
er Store, at 53 South Canal-st.,
saved lots of goods, and will be
able tofilUordersfor Sole and
Harness Leather,-French stock,-
Findings, Tannbr%’.Top(s; pias
ter frig Hair, &c’.; as before.'
KAv will
restime-Vosj ness in a few days.
Goods how on the way from our
several factories. Further no
tice will be givern
DEPOT, 85 and
8 f South Canal-sircct. All orders
promptly attended to lit old prices.
JAK-0
BUSINESS. CAB
st'o eHisras
IN PRICES.
"W’e are retailing- cbsico fam
ily spring and winter flour at
last week’s price;:, delivered
free to families.
NOEGOS? COi,
Oriental Mills flour store,
Madison-st. Eriige.
Kadi
WRri. BLAIR CO.
have ■jnE:v:
Office and Warehouse
30 and 32 6anal-st.,
BETWEEN UANDOIiBU A W ASHE*'' l
A. J. HANOHETT CO.,
COMMISSION ME BCHAS’K,
58 Wait liakc-st.) Chicago,
Jullurt* in onr pocket-, ft? <-omo a»aitr._a—
WI. D. KEUFOOT,
Real Estate Agent
■PormcrljfOWasMiisloii-st.. is at
36 OANAL-ST.
All aonc hut wife, children, and
energy* _
OULYER, PAGE, HOYEE CO.,
Stationers, Printers, and Blank Book
Manufacturers,
1,13, and 15 North Bcsplaincs-st,,
Chicago.:
m WM. ALBAIJGH,
DESHTISTi
Mamm
services.
WE RISE ARAIK,
nnviii- »«s»>n4.n^*'«*^SS‘SSsife
msmmMsf
THOMPSON. STEELIJ PRICE,
lUU Mdimfactßring Company.
niUNN SCOTT.
Proprietors Northwestern Ele
vator, caiy Elevator, Union Elc.
valor, Mnnn dt Scott klcvator.
/vin..r IR2 Wasbinslon-st.
CARTER BROS.,
Con ii-netors ofJSbuoH
Office, 384 W. Adams-st.
L. C. P. FREER
X.A.W OFFICE,
247 Michigan-a-y.
The Wheeler Wilson
SEWIKG ILACUIKB OFFICE,
t "ts West Madlnon-ft.
FAUKATt at WHEELER.
J. s., THOMPSON 00
lAtc BopnDUoan JoD Office,
Will ro.binc business at Ho. 10 Sorth lOkamM
to-day.
USES, GIBBONS S C 8
WW open will.. rt»* ot Millinery Cotf/al®
State st., within a week, :7 _
James 11. Gilbert,
ATTORNEY Ar law
and Notary Public,
liJ-'AVoililnclou Street.
Scb v ill-A' Jtiir ret/,
REAL SStATE LOAMS
36 South Canal St, oor Washington.
PR I N TIN C.
Kend vonr orders for printing. by mail, to Sent
mri Olflcc. Woodstock, 111. cmolop
printed cheaply and promptly. and K.nt by «rci
lo nny lidcrca. Jabatlin
JIf.V.V, NOItTOX A SCOTT,
Produce Commission lllcrclt
ants. O fiicc IS2 Washiiigton-st.,
tin stairs.
JOSIAH BISSELL, At
tor icy at Law and. Notary
Public, No. 54 West Ban
doloh-st.
MUNSON CO., Man
•niactdrers of LEATHER
BELTING-, 14 and 16 W.
Randolph-st.
McG-REG-OR’S MA
CHINERY HOUSE, No.
23 South. Canal-st., is all
right—hot burned.
W. It WOODTATT, M. D..Ophthal
mlc anil Aural Surgeon, may how be
found at 123 South Sangamon-st.
BISHOP, lICBBARU i CO., Commis
sion Merchants, hate.opened at 22
Sorth'Canal-st.
As our entire stocU of Boots and
Shoes are destroyed,'we now offer
our store for rent, at 33-' East: Kin-’
zie-st, ,'iFELT BROTHERS.
The:; office: of BOW EN, HUNT. A
WINSLOW; Wholesale Dry Goods, is
at art Frairic-avcnner: 1
'■m'&OLATP 00.,
WKolesstfe Jewellers, 365
Wabasll averiuel. A
STABK iLlENrWfiok
sale Jewellers, 363 Wabash
avenue.
American Emigrant Company
Forel fF n and Domestic Eschanse. Ocean tickets
to and from Europe. General.rallway ticket office,
Wc-tcrn office :t9 West Kmaloml,
FPXDEKIC NELSON, Agcpt, Chicago,
extinguisher.
BSECOCK
OFFICE.AT THE
Mil. Fori ianufactor’i Co,.
CORNER OF
W. WASHINGTON aOLINTON-STS.,
CHICAGO.
Supply yourselves with FIRE EXTINGUISHERS.
at once..
HOTELS.
Wichigan-aVi-Hotel.
THE o>.\Ll FIKST-CIASS.
Having had the good fortune to save this house
f.-om the fife, we announce to the public that we
tire ready to accommodate them.
JOS. ULLiIAXX.
BRIGGS HOUSE
(FORMERLY THE LACLEDE)
Corner Madison Canal-sis.
WENTWORTH ft WOW-WORTH
PAINTS. Eld.
C, X. Kaynolds At Co, tuKc
-pleasure lu aunou nclng to lliclr
friends Uiat tliey will suffer no
inlcrruptlon ortouslncss«all un-
filled and fulum-e orders will
promptly executed toy our New
Tork House. A fall and com-
plete slock of paints, colors i
Taniislicsj and artists’ materials
is now in process of shipment
Permanent .business location
will sliortly be announced, Tor
the present our ‘office is 1222
■Prairic-av.
COMMISSIOIi.
CTTIiVBB 00.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
2S Sooth Canal-st.
Advances made on shipments to ButCUo and
New York.
LIME.
Chicago Union Lime
Works.
K. SPOONER- Agent. 71 West Randolph^.
CHICAGO SCAX.S COMPACT.
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales.
No. 11 S. Canal-s*.
.FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF£ COi
Tire WATER SUPPLY*
to. rent.
T' O RENT—HARE OPPORTUNITY-HOUSE
iudftmrfwwc.* Will sell the torture or rent
all at a very reasonable price, avjity at Ibe bouse,
c.Lt or tliiFt)ninmyTract.
on Forty.
mo KENT—HOUSE TO 1 KENT AND VUKNI-
T°ttirc lor sale, Cottages Grorc.DEAN .DougUus
IloafC. -l-r
fnuTffiOT-SOK'V'EHIAN lIAI-I-. “Mil- ->OS
1 ISOandlS!XonU I’corlasu, ncxttoftost In
dlatu-st
my KENT— NO. 7l« FULTON.T;, 7
T roonS. hy C. J.TOKSIS £O.; Knom o. lalc
Buildinc. Conor of Canal ami itapdolpagu*-
0 RENT. OK FOU SALE ON EAST TERMS—
new brick -Louses center of Randolph-*!, and
Willard Place, uew marble-front honscs. on South
Side SMITH Ji CADWEUi, laiSouth Park-av.
orOaVFalion-st;
u. v7non ev. so. it south
Canal-st—Laryc apcVbaaciuunt hoiibc,,
near Laflin-ct.
Furnished Uoaso.' S rooms,. Jackfion-aL, near
llonore-!<t.
Notarial Imslncga transacted,
fno JSENT-«jT\VEST MOSKOE-ST.—ROOMb
I f ur oflices or one very
large room, first floorabove ground.
rnO RENT— BYJ. is. UOULD. REAL ESTATE
X Agent, No. 301 Park-av; Apply for the pres
ent at SO Sooth SangHtnouft.-
mo uest-fuejhsued house m>i indi*
I ann-av.. all modern Improvements; cowl
liable; bedding; table linoo.clc., for ale. Hunt.
SI,OOO a year; Tease runs till M»7 1- bonus.
Inquire on premises,
O liENT—A LAKIiE ,STOKE. WITH ia>u
Irontd ami Imerdont. J<watcd 33 iljlwaokec
av„ with counters and ehclvlujj. Inquire on ibe
place.
TO RENT—UAitN'. IN:KtIAK SW FAKK-Av",
Accommodate 10 horwi. 'Appiy on prcml f cs.
near Robey. sls.
moI!EST-A ICHIOOH HOUSE WITH BAKJ
T on' Oakwotxl-nTn ftmlM"
(33 per month; furniture, J1,200. Call at Sl9 Col
Grove-aT.
mokest—nousß mi
I Twenty-fonrlli el.. 10 told price).
evoTT coDVcniecco; barn; tr wAQtcd.
—n ukNT—l5B UKNTKE-AV.. S-STORY AND
brick basement new bonso. and new fcrniiure
for ealtf.all first-class and complete. Inquire on
the premises.
mo'REST—A *9T6kY AND BASEME.NI
T bneklionso, with barn and port of the furmtnre
far gale, at 1303 Indlana-fl-V.
—hpvtC-V LARIi-E BAICi. JIKAIC OF
T°W«tVon Bnwu-st.' Inquire of J.B.COK
LIES, on I he premises.
mo RENT—A HOUSE OP SEVEN
T Pulton 6t.; furoituta-for *alc with collie €t>ok
ins nlcnslls; an.n«l'r -cUcitpforcfl»h.
mo RENT JfyKjiISIIED UOUSE, NO
'l' Tffcutr-sccogjjt :I j£room^ M^Ml<^^g
TVTTSCELIia.KEOTJS.
VP c< PSGIVES. PORTABLES TO 40-HORSE
A Throßhfn^ 8 am! 10-horse: circular saw:
A,P°Gindin? mills, corn •bclicm,
S'i.'" cu LUSS EAION, Agent, TO South
Caaal-ft.
—rinnn SliFl'LYUi’ CUQCKEUY, GLASS*
i' pn \ETC)N AS GOOD AS KEWV COST SIOO.
A 1 must have money, and will sell for SITS.
iii Cottaco-Grovc-av.
TToISESTED-noltSlii I'EU ASU CAKED
H for at our farm, fourteen miles fnno the city.
*AppT> to C. 11. BECKWITH SONS, .W Wa
‘hasn-av.'
Mll,bc.n muuUh.KtAi.£aiA ‘1- ufrict.
2CW West SUuHson-st. Kcal estate bought ami
#old, rente collated*
mOWSBfiS JT.TIOUSK. OCO.NO.MOW OC. ls.-
AH old patrons of thU lu-tltutton are Invited.
to come-imi accept of lU boapMalitka.
Address C. TOWNSEND..Oconomowoc.^U.
Estate Agents’, lloom (I, Yatos Bntldni;,. corner
Canal mid llaftdolpfr su. i'J
-KEWABJO.
n'ra'-MID-'l liberal ■TewaVO'will bo
tunas
jfcntlemcD. u j(b lb(J iamc 0 f owner on a
trunk, paring icaibor trunk, with canvaa
c. c. oiu^ga.
■473 Wabaali avenue. AAU
PERSONAI<.
PERSONAL— EDWARD P. THOMAS WILL
meet J. N.Purplc at the Tribune o'Jico, Thura.
dny. at Id m.
PERSONAL— MRS. W. 11. FOX WILL FIND
trunk at No. tg West Randolph-st.
PERSONAL— I. S. THOMPSON. :D7 CALUMET
av.. desires information In regard to his niece,
Sarah E. Drake, teacher in Franklin School.
PERSONAL— MRS. H. R. HILT AND FAMILY
can be found at the American Reformed
Church, comer of Washington and Ann—ts.
PERSONAL— DR. N. F. COOKE WiLL BE
found at the residence of U. E. Sargent, bTO In
diana-av.
EKSONAL—DR. T. IL NUTE WILL FIND
W. F. Adams and his goods at IS North May-st.
PERSONAL —N. B. BAKER, OF IOWA, AT StH
would be glad to hcaruf the
whereabouts of Edward D. Baker, medical student,
boardin'; at l£i North Slatc-at., and of F. B. Pea
body's family.
ERSONAL.—TH E22 GENTLEMAN WHO
kindly promised to take charge of Mis* Bark*
er'a trunk, marked M. E. 8., and sewing machine._
in Lake Park, will greatly oblige by addre-sin" her
at«2hl> Fulton-st
PERSONAL.— IP MRS. ERUE. WHO LIVED
on Lincoln-av. t will call at Noting's Packin'”
House, on Carroll-ei., the will find her husband,
Phillip Erbo, who has jn«t arrived from Katyas
PERSONAL.— WILL MR. V. WIESKER
please call at 255 Michigau-av., and ecc an old
friend;
PERSONAL.— WILL MIL'CHASE HITCHCOCK
please return watch given to him byalsdv.
Sunday night, to4IS Wabash av.?
PERSONAL— MIC. WELLS, NORTH LA-
SaJle-st., pleasulcl me know at ]:t Soma ll.il-
Bled-st. where you are .stopple::. that I can ~et my
trunk, aa I need k wry much, TTMILE LEFLAI'tr.
PERSONAL— TUB iJAN WHO DROVE ISKD-
In? *n«l three trunks. one of which w ci.nrknl
‘.i. .i t will save himself farther Ironb’e hy re
visa': to South Ilalstei’ i i‘.ht rirty
known K.tno owner.
i so'.V.C;. -"'A’ANTi-rn
J ih.Mwin, IVue-.ruiUs:..
V.. 'Si. ;tt J.klcilj
Ir. a ir
ij vi. viu:ni can* r.r i
1 at -nwWtai i: lh;nc-:n
Mlcblgan-av. L.C. Uuck or Frank Siua.~;
call at oacc.
PERSONAL— WILL MRS. T. 11. MACBKIDB.
bend her address l<> "5t Fulton at. VOSH.
ET?ONAL-MISSINU--l'. W. SWONUOO&
wife and chlldtlived on the North Side.
1 NFORMATION kVANTED-OF WM. OTAL
]_ Jajiuin, who resided on -East Madlson-st., r.n at
lorticy by profusion. Ills cousins, Patrick and
Michael, arc at So Sampsou-frt.
M* —JirULASSBItOOIv. FORMERLY AT tr. Uu
-17 Rush-st., will hear of something to
vuutngc by addressing or calling ou O. E. EAMES,
13 Price-place.
M'~ KS. UGUTNER AND DAUGHTER Wll7t
please scud their address, at once, to their
friendslu St. Louis.
O PRINTERS—INFORMATION IS WANTF
through the Post Otlkc of B. F. Sanudci.
who worked for Fergus* Sons and boarded at Sh
ludiana-st. Address J. SAUMlliltS, Chicago I
WILL DIC. C. G. PAOU PLEASE INSERT
bis address In Tribune, and oblige the per*
who promised to meet him last Satnrday.
LOST.
Lost— at tub late fire, a trunk
.marked on both ends J. Hochstadtcr. Phlladel
phla. The trunk was lost somewhere on IhcNorti
side, near Superior andCass-sta. Finder will V
rewarded by feavinc.word at 14 West MadUor-st
LOsT-*3u REWARD—A BLACKTRUNK fl.
taining theatrical wardrobe, of no nac bot l
theowner. Whoever will return the sanurtoJ.l
WDEBLOCK, *2O Wabaahav. will receive the abov
reward.
Lost-on sundaa night, tv*'» ohild-ut
(girls), Mary Doyle, 10 years old, and Maggi
10 months, taken from fire by Kate Busies. At
one knowing of their whereabouts will confer
favor by sending to SKJDesplaincs-at. PATltir
LEE.
LUST— OCT. 7, ONE DARK HAY UOI'
switch tail, about 8 years of age; taken o'
from barn -near corner Jackson and Can*
JOEL LULL, at Justice StunevanUe ofticc, c&
West Randolph and Cannl-sts.
LOST —TWO BOYS—MR, TRAFTON: HIE
George and Uenry Clansecnlus to cc
Sonthnort-av. and Asvlum-placc. (Nlckcrsonvi
n. CLAUSSENIUS.
OST—EARLY MONDAY MORNING, FH«
Jj rceidencc of A. B. Fenton. 193 Iluron-st., t
load of furniture. Mr?. Matilda Brown ran
her daughter at 133 Walnnt-st. J. M. CYRUS.
Missing— mrs. matilda m. noble w*
please call at 384 Sonth Deßplainca-*t.icY
O. Heacock. Delaware. lowa.
Missing. information wanted 01
WiHiam Johnston, Grocer, who has been gon
since Sunday morning. Please address 108 Wes
Monroc-st.
AJOTICIS—REWARD—TWO TRUNKS
i.l plainly marked “S. W. Swycr, Chicago;
taken by a friend to save, or stolen from lak
shore. Also, one chest, 3 feet long. 1 (not Snr i
inches square; eight camera tubes. AnyA”
returning any of the above will rmAtittwflP
reward. Leave same at Trlhano office.
QQr REWARD—FUR THE RETURN OF
plain Chickcring piano, Boston make, take
ft on] 23u North LaSalio-st., together with fnll ]oa
of furniture. Apply to W. 11. ESTEY, 181 and It
West Waabington-sf.
Pr A REWARD—TAKEN. BY MISTAKE
from corner Lake and darker., aleatbc
canvas-covered trunk marked R. N. on ends. Lear
at A. L. HALE it BKO.. II). 12. and 14 l’anaj»t 1
EOR SALE.
For. sale—by n. c. morey, no. it soiti
Canal-st.—The following lionets, to which Ir
mediate possession will he given:
No. 211 South Sangamon-tt.; 10 rooms, cellar.
Two nturblc front booses,
ner Union Park-place.
ISI West Van Buren-st.; 8 rooms, barn; le
lot.
2-ftory and basement buck. Van Buren,
Throopst.
SlNorih Renhon st.; 10 rooms, gas llxtnrcs
7 year** lease or lot, ?50 per vear and taxes, S
Brick house. Monroe-st,, near Jefferson Park
Notarial bnslncss transacted.
(.'OR SALB~?I,OWJ WILL BUY A 7-U'
I 1: cottage and lot at North Evanston. Onh
ca/h, and 415 a month until paid, IRA Blff\
Masonic Building, comer Ilalsted and Ran
.sts.,Room fl.
i.nm ssalb—mwu keos nails, byplay
L 1 -THORN* MAYNARD, tl North Caual-st.
FUR SALK-3 HOUSES AT HYDE PARK, t
terms. Apply to J. 11. DUNHA
ilichlyan-av. _
FOIC SALE-LEASES. MORTGAGEE'S W
rautvo deeds'. Ac., by C. .7. COUSE A
Real Estate A-rent*', Room C, Yates' Bolldla:
ncrCnual and Randolph-st*.
FOK SALE—DRUGSTORE, GOOD FJXTL TU
cud stock. bottles with j;b*s labels. Ac., ere
thing ready for buslncsp; a fair business cstr
lljhed; ca.-li, or approved paper os 12 moot’
lime, will he taken; price $2400. Address
SWEET, corner of Dusplnme* and Kfnzic-st.
jHjITSALU—A NEW il ARBLE FKUNTTiO».
1 completely furnished, on Michfgan-nv.. r
tweenThlrtfcth'andlMrty-firsl-ste.: terms cat*
feruilure six annual payments on bouse, wit'
tcrest, on 12 years* time. Apply to J. 11. lu
corner of Twcnty-bccond-lt. and Wahosh-ar.
FOlt SALB-BY J. S. GOULD. REAL £ST.
Agent, scleral cottages In the *onth part f»
(own. Only SIOO cosh at the present. Apr
SO SonlU Sangamon-st.
FOR sale—block 63 and ia
Ilailding4*l-1150. Will rent for S
DAVIDSON, 63 Canal-st., «p ttai:
riOU 'FUIC
J* neat cottage. A good cistern
the premises. Rent per month,
av., between Tbirty-flrd and Thirty
ou sale—notsk ufT
blocks from South Stale st.
Butterflcld-et.
T EASE, STOCK AND FiXTL'KI
ljuf latiudry 17a West Laku-et. II
1673. {SOP cash. J
PD SALE—A SECOND-HAND S3L.
inder Taylor oc\r."|iapcr pres*, hod
50. Addrey Leader Office. Phtebargb. K
rll SALIi—OR FOn RENT. WITH OR
<ct fnmllore, residence, 588 \Vabash-«v.
modern improvement*; "ood stable, and uli
prime order. For farther particulars apily, on
premises. Jo J. P. PIERSON.
BOABBIK6.
A GENTLEMAN" AND WIFE, O.
gentlemen, can be accommodates
pleasant room and board. Apply at 1W
Jackaon-st.
i i WALNUT-hT„ NEAR I’AULiNA-h
irrOwd board and furnished rooms fur a re*'
table family.
qaq wess wasuingtos-st.—pleas.
At UO rooms and flr*l-cl.r»s board. A few
boarders can. be accommodated.
n“l WEST iIO.NHOE-ST.-MCKLV Fi
401 Dished rooms, with board, fur tinglo
Ucmcn or famines.
OQ K MK’inGAN-AV.-UEALTIFrLLY
/COt)olal>cd rooms, with good .board
comfort», on moderate terms.
A ry 1 WEST LAKK-ST.-MCELY FUR*
room*, with board.
fi'WEST WTSULNUTON-ST.—BOAICD A
rooms in private tatally; terms rcasonal
rYern WEST WASHINGTON ST.—A IlA
j Qt/gomceolteof room;?, with board.
0/1 ?f IMtAIIUE-AV”NEAK SIXTiiENTITS.
ntyini. with npfurolybed mltcaof tood
WA^LiTD,
Wanted —a good blacksmith —o.
accustomed to toontrv wort. Apply at
Weft Lake street, from u HlljJ tchday.
ANTED-A'SINGLK HOUSE TRLC
nearly now, at Hand 13 West Mmlltun*
lirANTEU—A UUOU FINISHED—ONE CA
I V tie of taking charge of a bookblndcry,
one good mlcr, applyat 45 Wrat Washtoglon-a
WANTED— UATrMRS— *45 WEEK.

ANTED-liPKsFS—TUE OWNER OF V
of the largest and best form*. located whbi
rolled of CliiMgo. with foor targe bams, filled
nearly SCO ton* of excellent bay, la now prepare,
roeelvti; from (Mpouibk! partiej. a limited nnm
Chicago.
ITF ANTED—EASINESS LOT—WE W} 5 11
VV lease fora term of years, a lot nmtable J*
whole*alo »loro. to be located between K«»d
ind Somh W.bmU, JJieJWM-w.
Annlv In person or by letter to CLUlls
au and a West Sindolpb, forma!
South Water.