

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-13 page 1 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-13/ed-1/?sp=1 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:29Z ========

PROCLAMATIONS
By the Governors of lho Norlli
western States*
BT THE GOVF.RNOU OF ILLINOIS.
State or lu-tsois.
Executive Department.
John .V. Palmer, Gurtrnnr of JUtnoj». To all
Cirhoiii ih>H prtxnts shall couu—^r«Uug.
Whereas. in mr Judgment ihe great calamity
ilnt ha™ve«£keii Cbl«go, the largest city ol the
i ate* that has deprived many thousand*of oar
ritiic'n* of hornet and rendered them destitute,
that hhe dcriroved many millions In value of pr°P-
Jfri wd thereby disturbing the of the
«e«fnlo and deramring the finance of the Mate.
exccn'.ion of the is aud
c m-tllutes ;m exlraonlinaiy occasion within
fhe true intent and meanimr of the eighth section
of the dfih article of the CoiMitution.
Now therefore, 1. John M. Palmer. Governor of
lh T. state of lllinoi*. do by tht>, my proclamation,
rouv.-nc and Invite the two lion** of the General
\f2cmblv in session In the city of Springfield. on
Tmlav the 13th dnv of the month of October, In
the vlair of our tard 1871. at 14 o'clock noon of
said tiny, to take Into consideration the following
U appropriate such sum or ettma of money,
or adopt Midi other legislative measures ns may Ik
lboU"ht judicious, necessary, nrpropor. f«»r the re
lief of the people of the city of Chicago.
i. To make provUlcn, by amending ibercvcunc
laws or otherwise, for the proper and just a—o**-
mentaad collection of luxes within the ettj oi
C sh L To°cuacl such other Law? and to a, W
other measures a* may be ueec-Mry for th' tcUa
of the cllv of Chicago and the |K*oph‘"rYta gg;
f. r the execution and enforcement of the lavs
f i bC iu w’fAc appropriation!* for the cipcnrcr ot
thivin“raTA-i-ml.lr.!''''l such other approprht-
I?onVl”.S/be >o carry on the Male
Gnvc r J 7 i ;'”~limonT uhcroof I have' licremiln rel
mv hand‘and canscd the grout veal of
I Slate to I>c affixed. Done at the city of
1 SpriiigllehL this 10th d;.y of October A.
jt'Tl, JOHN M. I ALMER.
I, '£mVUtU™I.'MMELU Secretary of Slate.
UY TIIK GOVKBNOK OF WISCONSIN.
7V> the I‘iOlh’t of _
Throughout tho northern pail of this Stale flics
have been raping hi the wood* !<*r many
►prcaitini: dctoJatloimo every side. It ns reported
tCat hundreds of famine: have been rendered
devouring clrmcut. and reduced
to utter dc* thuticn, thWretr.ir- crops bating wca
consumed. Their nock has iH'en dc ß tro;od.imd
their farms are hoi a blackened dc;e.l. IrUlftst
thev receive Instant aid from porUool-not vUted
by this dreadful calamity, they muai pensli.t'
The telegraph also brings the terrible ncv\s that
ii lar’c portion of the city of Chicago i«j destroyed
liv conflagration. which i* still raging. Many
thouMiala of people arc thus reduced to pemirv.
ot their nil. and arc now dcellialr of shel
ter and food. Their sufferings will be Intense, and
many msv perh-hunlcaa j.ruviMOus aro at once
M-ut tolhem Horn the ynrroandlng country. They
mast be nesislcd now,
In the awful presence of such calamities the peo
ple of Wisconsin will not lw backward tu giving
aanlstancc to their afflicted fellow men.
L therefore, recommend that Immediate organ
ized effort be made In every locality to forwurdpro
vlhlons and money to the fUlTorers bv tins visita
tion. and suggest to Mayors of cities, Probldenta of
villages. Town Supeivixtrs, I*aet<»n* of diuretic*,
aud i«» the various benevolent societies, that they
devote tbetnaelvoa immediately m the work of or
ganizin'l' effort, collecting contribution*-, and tenth
tugfonvard j-upplicifordistrihutlou.
And I cnticalalltogivcihelrabundancetohclp
lho«5 In such sore distress.
Given under my baud, ul the Capilol, at Madison,
this Mhday_of.Oc.ol, t r,
BY THE GOVEBNOB OF MICHIGAN.
Slate of Michigan, EiccnUvc Office.
Lnueln-. Oct. !t.
The City of Chicago, in the ueiuhliorlng Slate of
II inuie. hast'cen vi.iteil iu the providence of -\l.
mighty God, with a calamity,almoat ctietlualh d m
the annals of hlalory. A. large portion of that
hcaullfoi and most prosiicrous city has been
reduced to ashes and la now in nuns. Many mu
jjdn- of dollars in property, the uccnraulatlonof.
vea« of ioduatrv and toll, have beeiibwcpt away,
in a-moment. The rich have been reduced to
peunrv. the poor have 10-L the little they ppi
sesuwf and many thousands ’of people rendcud
homeless and honpclce*. and are now without the
absolute necessaries of 111 c. I. therefore, earn*
ostly call upon the citizens of every portion of
Michigan to lake Immediate measures for alienat
in'' the pressing wauls 'of that ‘fearfully
afflicted City by collecting and lor
wstdmr 10 'the Mayor or primer au
thorities of Chicago mobiles of fowl
as well as literal collections of money. Lot this
wire calamity of mtr Heightens remind ns of the
uncu rtainiy of earthly possessions, and that when
oho member suffers all the members should suffer
with U. 1 cannot doubt that tbo whole people of
the Stale will mo-t gladly, and most promptly, and
must liberally respond to this urgent demand upon
their sympathy, hut no words of mine pan plead to
tiamitly oatha calamity itself.
liEKHY P .BALDWIN,
Governor of Michigan.
BT THE GOVERNOR OF JO\VA.
To the people of Iowa:
An appalling calamity has befallen our sitter
State. fler metropolis— Hie great city of Chicago
bln ruins. Over 100.1SK) iwoplo arc without
shelter or food, except ae supplied by others. A
helping land let ud now promptly site. tettnc
liberautv of our people, so lavishly displayed
during 'the long period of national port!,
come a«oln to the front, to lend suc
cor in this hour of dUtrisP. I would
urge the appointmimt at once of relief committee*
in crcrj* ciir, town and township, and I respectfully
ii-k the local authorities to call meetings of the cit
izens to devise ways and means to render efficient
aid. I would also ask the pastors of the various
churches throughout the Slate to take up collec
tions on Suod-iv morning next, or jit-iuch other
nine ns they may deem proper, for the relief of the
sj-fferers. Let us nut 1h» satisfied with any
spasmodic effort. There will he need of rclio fof u
H ihstaullal character to aid Ihe many thousands to
prepare for the rigors of the coming winter,
jiiagniticeDLimhlmcbariUcs of.that city, upwpar
uiyrcd.'cuhllo litUo to thU end. Thotc who Inc
it lioDicaof comfort amt plenty must tumtaU this
hblp. oMiilsery and buffering will be the fate of
juanv thousands pf our neighbors.
Sawi;ej. Mnur.iti.. Governor.
Dcsilolups, Oct. 10.18T1.
BY TUB tSOVISXKCII OF OIJIU.
r it ÜbclmTcd by the’ beet hiformed Citizen? hero
that many thousand? of the
vided with the ucceseni »e* of life during 1W odd
_V_—.. cffuit? to rains coutnbutlcnslKJ
energetically pushed. Money, fuel, Aour,
pork. clothing, and oUicr articles not
perishable should be collected as rapidly a? poeal*
tile -especially money, fuel.' and flour. Mr. Tlo
hl-.h Jdtdill, of TimTnißrKK. c?Hmatc? tin; num*
Betf ci'thosb‘VT-*?' v; lll need assistance at about
.0,000. It. 0. KAYIiS, UoVerto* <.lOhlo.
THE MISSING.
Persons Missing nntl Places
■Where They May bc Fomid.
The following is a list of pcrspns missing and:
places where Uiay can find their friend*. A per*
inniifDt list of the lust and the/ound arc kept at
tfic First Congregational Chnrch corner of Ann
adit Washington tired*. Goporal Reynold*, to
whom all knowing of persons separated from their
families should report their names.
T MISSING."
Anderson, gr|a, frfendarat Si TFcst. Division
Arnand&ri'iiaxj two jjiudrcn;76 WestAdama
Ctre4.
Anderson. Hannah, 40 Fourth street.
Kngcs. 3farfa J., 35 West take sired.
BUctmoru.’Bisson. Brown £cbo6L
,Baegarly, Charles T., three children, Nellie Kln
jiv. Brown School.
'Blampled. John G., wife, mother, and three
children. Coll at A. C. Kathon, 383 West Adams
street. r 1
Boms, Pat, JanmsMorrie*,Division, near Morgan
street.
Boy with six toes go to corner Gurley etreel and
C’.iiUu avtinqo,
Brown, Samuel 118 W* Adams stront,
Beach; Addhort, 37U W. Madison street.
Boler. Mrs. and tyyo children, Eighth Presbyte
rian Cburth _
licnti, Annie gad Bennie, niQlhcr at -1j a. Green
Baindadge, Marr H. TBN. Peoria street.
Barrett, John 34t» Hubbard street. L
Bolton. Mr. and Mrs. Third Presbyterian Chnrch.
Bordlen. Mary 287 PolltdYeeL t
Briegs, Mr. and Mrs. 450 W. M aahlngtou street.
Brown, MatlUUEK.Walnut street.
Brown.'Joc isi jleridlanltrtet;
Bergenhersf. Herman and w. Lake*
rhadbo.FranlrW. 53 V>. lake.
I lr w.- -Tlttlo. Hw, §late, Stain street near
ttfUir r t
Cook,* WlQie.'Mi. Thaln. 13 Sedfarenuo.
Colaio, At. wife and two children. It. Lockhart,
at LoadervUlc, Ohio.
Pctricy Mary, First Congregational Church,
tbvru., l}si7,.Eichih Pnqibyuu-ian;Charcli,
Caz. Katie* Bihht&.1 I resb«torUDl}hul ch. i 1
Coq]ev. John, Father, at Ft.'John's Church. j
CUfforu, il?.: KicUli ItCSbylcrian Church.
Callahan, Bridget, mother,-at First Presbyterian
Church.
rasoy, Mrs J? West Randolph fired.
Carrpwh’ Ratio,-Ki Soctb Jefferson street.
Celia. Ancbsla. mother, at Canal street.!
Colgate. Mr?. J.C.,ttlMlchigan avennc.
Code. Miss Mary, Odd Fellows'’ Hall, Madison,
soar Hoisted.
l>oyle, Xary and Magjr.e, 293 Desplaincs tlrcct.
pelioi, Fred and Frank, Umuq Scl|uol^
Hr., died comer Madison and State Stm-
Frauds. 153 Meagher street.
Dav. Almira, 118 West Adam? street.
Behm, Sirs., and two boys, Eighth Presbyterian
Church,—
Daistv, Catharml, Jesuit Church.
Davenport, Mr. First Congregational Church.
Basins, Katc.SWDasplainesstri'et.
i.tderly; J; J., ilr3„and two children.husband at
r i iitM eit-l V’eß*'~>'fth avenue.'
JUIS*. kktla, Ufi HWt tVasWqgtw;-.. w
Elwoou, Jcaak«, iiM*jsu«r io city i*oet
orace.
1 iJdaoo, Mrs.,husband at 37 EUUon aired.
lL,rt|. E. 1., lir>*oqlh Clinton street;
kTtrifcrald, Mary, and lour ihnareq, li« Kiicucr
eiK-et. r
Fitzgerald, Dora Hose. 113 Ilackcr street.
Flln t. Francis, and family, Bnutoo, Cook County.
imeou.
T FUni, A. M.. father at Ladodc House.
Lctfenhuig, Mr., will fin'd hhi'CSmUy at Mies
plnrtr.
Gidfllnger. Slaggle, Hco\tuSci}ooi.
Gentber. W. P., m WcH Madlaon street.
Gcod. Mrsl George, »17 West lUndolphjitrtct.
nToiStdiuiiS a?. Surilj&cst corner «»4
Mllwaukecavenuui.
Gaonghy, Francis, father at St. John’s Chnrch.
Gnlllvan. Joscpb,'Jei»lt Chnrch,
Gouchc.Francts, Ellen, and James, Father Bar*
rett’a Church.
Gofße, Ann, Slarv, and Sarah, Brown School.
Green, James. 183 Leavitt street.
Craft, Mrs., Btown School,
VOLUME 25
Geltlnger, Mrs. Annie, comer Washington and
Robey street*.
Howe, Caleb. Brown School,
Hiddcn&an. Coruelius, Brown School.
Hoff.Cbailcs.Mr. jXerlcl. corner Division am!
Ttalsded streets.
Dennison, Mrs. and six children, 06 West Hush
inuton street.
Hyde, Mr. and Mis.
Townsend, Mrs., Eighth Presbyterian Church.
Hanson, Geo. A„ 3rTwc»iiy-eigbih street.
Barker, Wultci,-tin C-ilil street.
Holmes. Dr. K. L. Henry Smith at St. Caro
lines conrt.
Inale, Mr., at homo, Shnrtliff avenue.
Kowcll, Cation aud Charles; supposed to be at
Wrirfifs Grove; their wires at Church of
Carrie. 123 Walnut s’rccL
Kall-troo, CbaricL wife at 1*» Madison street.
Kohlcs Mr.. 801 West take..
Kenyon, Willie, McsouicTcinplc.
ICeiirkberg, Mr., 73 West Lake.
I.clrtl, Mrs. Maltha. 4dfi West Madison.
Lyon, E. A., 13Sli North May street. _
Lawscon.Mrs. Anna T., 4 children Eighth Pres
byterian Church.
Larson, Hnlda Matilda aud Christina,
Brown School.
Liugcrcrouty, Gnsla. 10’J Aberdeen street. i
Little, Mary, 1013 West Madison street. I
Jliller, Mlsa,snSeckyaveniie.
Moruclt, John's boy, Ada Sliect Church. i
Mclntyre, Chits., North avenue bridge.
Mlchclsou, Augusta aud son, Aurora Turner
Hall.
Mines, Grafton E.. mother at Wmi]taca. Wis.
Meyers, In.-, and’ Henry, mother ut Tabernacle,
Chnrch.
Murphy, Mrsand four children, Eighth .Presby
terian Church.
Marble, Charles, 13 Gold street.
Milcbeil. Mrs. and four children. Drown School.
Mnrphv, Michael, wife at St. Patrick's Chnrch.
Nitzschcc, Hammond, wife at Church of the Dpi
pbany.
Noble. Matilda, 3IT Uaudolidi.
O'Malcy. Mary aud boy, Jcllersou Park Church.
Toddin' Tom. Jefferson Park Church.
Peterson. Helen. JUI Union street.
Phlll, Mrs. and six children. golu.Mrs Miller's,
<m Green, between take aud Fulton,
Pearson, Mrs. Melissa, and five children, send i
address to D. A. Holt, Moline, HI.
PcrtyrMrlrMarla, arid two children. tW Norlii
Morgan. j
Rust, George. 7TI North Ualital. 1
Ilih-y, Mw. Emma. 433Twcnly-slxth stiect.
Uodmond. Anuasturh, gone to Joliet.
Ililav, Wm. H.. wife at 10 Sheffield avenue.
Jtoooy, Thus., wife at So Emnit street.
Roiian. Mary, Second Baptist Chtmdi.
—Koberu, Jolm and father, Hanlon, Cook County.
Shi'rj’* Kobort indAlarryl, Jlilborly-Coanty.
Sebuabun. Minuio. Drown School: r
steel, Ai, 751 Ftillom
oaJlth.Mary,9oFallou-
Sonimortinyca, ItoberLFlttlPrcshylcrHbCbtirTh.
■Sexton, Julia, Eighth Presbyterian Church.
Sullivan. Elizabeth, First Dujdist Church.
Sullivuii I’ntriek. wife opjMn-itc CiirjJeutcr tchoal.
Sandusky, Paulina, sou at American Deform
Chnrch. 1
Sorter. Jaa. M.. Pint CoagrogatioiiAl Church.
Server. Jolla. BrotnfSelmol.
Sills, Charles, Ulomnington, HI.
Smith, Elia and daughter. 413 South State.
Scbwartzcutb&ll, Mu. and three .children. 1%
West loike.
Taylor. Margret. Brown School.
Tusand. Mr. and Mw.. Brown School,
Tvrell, Catlmriuc, IW West take.
Whllc.lt. T., Barnes House.
While, C. U.,27H South Sangamon.
West, A. IL, wife at Brown School.
Willard, Dr. ami wile. Riverside.
Wassorgard. Joteph.UU Milwaukee avenue.
.’WagDer.Auna Maryland twochfldrciu-T&Htanal.
Wllscb. Mary, Jo3eph, aud Sarah, 148 North Mor
gan.
Willmau, taurre 5.,120 South-Green.
Wiirncr. U. I'., 353 West Modirton.
Walsh, Mary,'4B Cooledgc.
Worluy, <»co.. family at 314 Hubbard-
Warner.Maggie and Mutt, lil Wc*l Erie.
Johuton, Uarry./j'Jl CnnaL
MeMurray, Jeremv. 30 North Peoria.
KOITND.
Mrs. Baler and lw*o children arc at Eighth Pro*-
bttcrlan Cburcbl
'Anna and Bonny Bent? will dud mother at 43
South Green street.
Carter, Johu. will bo found a'l‘2i>iHarrisoitstreeL
CatHnV 31 ra. E. 11.. from 273 North Wells sired,
will find children nUShuron. Wis.
Oburchi, Mary. Is to go to Eighth Presbyterian
Church.
Cox. Katie, is to go to Eighth aPrcshylorian
Church.
CMffonl, Mrs., will find friends at Eighth Pretby
leiianChmch.
Celia, Jm-t«. will find mother at 324 Caoal direct-
Donovan. Mrs. John E. ami baby, can ho ttmml
on Western avenue, near Fnltoo street, at Captain
Aiiufelrouir'fl.
Delink >Jn*. Uco. and two boys, arc at Eighth
Presbyterian Church.
Fruudtham. Mrs., ut German Lutheran Church,
on Trcmonl street.
Klorlbcck, Aueiisla, at 443 KnngHtnon.
Fuhleubcrg, Mm., will dud family at Niles
Centre, Midi,
Mroftcii.G. DlUcc.wU) find mother at Waapaen,
Wli,
GoOghly, VrnnclK, will flnd,lalhcrat St. John's
Church.
Gulcngeu, Mrv. Anny, Wclla School,'Kculxju
street, f i
Hamlogton, BUdS 4Cd Dcsnlaiocs street.'
Hyderafre. and Mlsa, will Und Mrs. Townsend,
Eighth Presbyterian Church.
KnwelLGutUnu. will find wife at Ch. of Eptpbanv.
Kalletiuu, Cbas., will find wife ut 18*3 Weal Madi
son.
Kthlcs. Mr., will tiud friend alfGll.ckO-
Lonely, John, will find father at bt. John's
Church,’
L>nun.-BhUllp. 10 years, at BrowuV School.
l,oiird. Mrs. Martha, at 145 Green.
Leonard, Dr. U. L al 139 North Moreau.
Mcßride, Mrs. Thoa., 206 South Green.
McColhn, at 442 Butterfield street.
Myers, Henry and James, at Tabernacle Church.
Murphy, Mrs., and 4 children, at Eighth
leriau Church.
McCoy, y re. Jape and husband, al John Hughes,
on Madison, comer Sangamon.
Millikan, Mr. J. 11., can dud all family nt.Svulh
l’*rk iaObnroli,
Ts’lUscho, llammond. ef Church Epiphany*
Peabodr. Mr?,, at Ktgblh IVorbyiennn Church.
Kclawalts, Mr., at Brown'a School.
Riley, W. H., MU And wife at Id Sheffield av.-
llooncy,Thomas will tiudwilont 'Jb Enmw *t.
Stoolbarv, Lena, nt IlhuHlalc.
Sexton. Julius, at Eighth Bretbyteriau Church.
Sithy, Mrs. and children, al Rose Hill.
Wlllmm, Cup. K. D.. c«u And wife and-chihLaC
school-house, near Kollias Mills.
\VksL4- H. Mis.,'*! krpwji bwbGol.
Wates/Mre. «J. W. and 5 children, at 811 West
Lake.
Ouicauo,' Got-
INSURANCE MATTERS.
Pr-
Arrivnl in Clilmgf) qf BsUorq
lindccwrltcr..—Estimate t
of. tosses.
Yesterday there was a numl>cr of arrivals ofEas
termnsarancc men—among thcmMessrs. Bast-crt,
o( the .f.int of Hartford; Bennett, of the Con
necticut Fire: Jci»oll, of the F-haulx; Judd, of tpo
Merchant's; U’oluter. ol Uto Cily-Kiie of Hart
ford; Smith, of the Springfield; Rankin, of the
Fulton of New York, tmdWjßralotWfa." A meet
ing of adjusters and "agents and officers of city
companies was called for half past 5 at the office
ofS. SJ. Moore Co., No. 07 Canal street. At
that hdnr the room was crowded hy. about filly
uudcrntim W» T»rHu* Wm
number 01 agencies worc'-ooi refrre •anted. indud-,
lug Ooo3wln Pueco, UpwU Hathaway* Ontrif!
Altcnua.aad’bthere- .T!«L:jncetinjf wuaxalWd fo
order by appointing K. J. Smith, of the Ihttnam of
Hartford, Chairman, and Alfred -WrighjWay Secre
tary. Ou tnoiion of Mr. Muoro it .was. ordered that
a committee l>c appointed to Vprroarc u
plan of action to -be to a
future meeting. The Chair appointed Messrs.
Moore, Case, Hncat, I-cwis and Claris.! *hc; cam-
Sstlee. U was ordered, also,' that a roomWpb
taincd for a hcadqohrtcru4br future mooting*. The
meeting then adjourned.’
ESTIMATED LOSSES,
Enquiry amojjr underwriters revealed the fact
lliat while a few aru open-and jUain-spoken as to
the cffcctuf their loesi*. oUiitt are nou-communl
catlvu or aijeuU Partita interacted, however, hare
made dlllgaut tnquhioa, and fromtbc best avail*-.
bJo sources thotbllowlng Ultima been compiled,
-which we behave will Tcry hoarly approximate a
correct statement of the losses sustained by (he
Mftral'Companic* Interested. There Is a wide dN-
however, between tM*
figures received by telegraph Rotatbe Eakt. There
is this to be remembered, however, that the infor
'rnhllun {d the East is comparatively scanty, while
the knowicdgA'OhlhlDed' hero la mold direct andi
from tbc circumstances of tttd cate, more reliable.
We present the following list* Ihcrcfhrir, as the r<£
•nit of diligent-effort to ascertain tbc probable
fosses;
Hartford, of Hartford J^OO.tQJ
Ins. Co. of North America, of Philadelphia 7®,0q0
American Central, of St.Louis J178.0 0
Franklin, of Philadelphia 1*41,000
Underwriter's Agency, of New York TUXOOU
Phtrnis, of Hartford 720,000
Howard, of New York-.w
Tradesmen!*, of Hew York, ......L7Y 15.000
Internationa), of New YorK;. 50».0tW
Ttuonlx, of Brooklyn TW.CIX)
Niirtagansctt, of Providence 3d,Uoti
Nortn Brltllh Mercantile ......s 5 2.7D0.000
Pacific, of San Francisco 1.0W.C00
Imperial, of Loudon 4C0.U00
Royal, of Liverpool..,-. 1..'... .133.0U)
Washington, of Ncwypfk-.- **oo,^l
Commerce,of Albany 4 O.OJO
Continental. New York I.DOO.UXi
Lori Hard. of Ntw Yurk.n,.....'.L1..... 1,300.(XX)
Home,of Columbus 400,000
Mercantile, of New York 100,000
Commercial Mutnnl.of Uhvdland 330,000
Union, of Snu Francisco KKhOOo
rir:mr-*a ‘'nnrt, ofs« n Fnnriseo 400.000
•VfdfVfit
n«h aloco
Tne abovfi companies all had assets ou Ibe first ol
January, according to official reports, more thu;
sufficient to pay the almvc mentioned 10-mjs. it
they sufiercq no worsu thin the mpj named, their
poilclOß are good Tor olio hundred cent* on the
dollar.
Concerning lUo following. it maybe mid that lla*
ajrcnWdlffur aa-fo >c%6ral cnmnanU**,. The Home,
of Not# Vork.no ref -1,010,0.0, ub a
idctjlotu between the bighiiH and Umot f.guro
named: and* the Loudon. Liverpool and tjlobe we
batb placed tbe flgQres IjcloW Urn average estimate
ljf men. 4i
Tl.e fftllfiiflusajc PSttma|cs;
tiuMQaltcld. ol S|ftßM*it6s6ll?» *TUO,WU,
<Thc President of tbU company tcleerapht to the
StTXouis spent that the company will pay all tti
cljtin* on demand.'!
Liverpool. London Globe.
Security, of Now York
Merchants'. of ilanfu:U
Connecticut, of Bartferi
Irving, of New York
Avtna, of New lurk
Sim, Of Cleveland
Hope, of Providence
Roger Williams, of providence
Empire CUy. of New.York
New Amsterdam, of New York
Fulton, of Ne\r York
North American, of New York.
Independent, of Bu-tou
KxceMor, of
North Western, of >llhvmikec..
Brewert", of 3!ilwauk‘*<*.
Atlantic, of 8r00k1yn.....
Manhattan, of New Vink.
Home, of New York
.Etna, of Hartford
Putnam, of Hartford
CbartcrOak. of Hartford.
Andca, of Cincinnati
IThlVcompany tclcjrrajjhtU its affi-nw elsewhere
that it will pay up ana "o on a* umuil. Wo haw
considerably 'reduced the amount* rcjmrted by
scvcial panics as flic loss of the Amies. The com
pany had reported a-acts July 1?. ul about J<l, sdV
onj.J
I.attar, of New V0i1e....
Heckman, of Non YurK
People**. of San FrancKm
lliclc ami Leather, of Boston—
Vonkcr*, of New York
North Au.ciinm. of Hartford
HuterpriM 1 of Philadelphia.
Norwich, ofCoujivrllrut
Teutonia, of Cleveland
Clcvclaml, of t Isvehtad
City l*'ire. nf Hartford
Alps, of lit lr*. Pa.-
l.vcoininL'. tif Pennsylvania
OutValo City
Abjmania, of Cleveland
Hibernia, ofiMcvclnml
German, of Cleveland
National, of lio*»t«r
Firemen's Fuad. of California..
M’ei-lem, ol Budalo
BullaloFire ami Marino.....
i.o?sn:? to nu paid
Governor Jen ell. ot Hartford, arrived rojerday,
to lo« after the Phoenix Insurance Ct-iupany «>f
that city.
Tin- Pho- niN.’ «>f Ciookhn. ycstenUy paid the
litvt.losslu this tin*, being .?t,ffO-h to Hart, Aston
Co.
—The Hume lii-nraiwc, ofNrwYotk. will pay
very dollar of the sfL.VM.'b'K) ri>ks- it luo here, aud
yctb;(Vc :i t-urpltjj.
-Tla: Neptune of BoMon hnvc tclcgniphml Al
-1 -u Jfc 3i.icko} th.il they arc ready to pay todrloa»f.
on |in»of.
-The Franklin of Philadelphia, ami the Ameri
can Central of St. Lauio will-pay nil their lom-ui*.
That of the former-i* uudor ?'UV.WXt. and of the
latter, about £yu),WKi. Davi.s Jt Ucqua. the agent*,
have their office at Xo. s® Michigan avenue.
—-Edmum* l)Hggi« tftlorr.*ii*b*- to Tub Tiuuitxb
ihat nt a meeting of (lur- GommiHoc of Claim- ami
Loft.-cs of the AVniiamsburg City Fire luMiraaco
Company of Cnmklyu, New York, convened ye—
terdaybythe Proiuent,' a rctolmiou trae nnani*
roouhiy posted uutborhliig him to telegraph'to
Chicago that all )or*cs aaslaiued by that company,
ns soon ns ndju-ted. would be settled by alaht
dnifla without dcductiqg'iho sixty day’s Interest.
PUBLIC MEETIHOS.
BrtAKl) OF StTEIiVIS?uK.S,
A nicctinz of the Board of Snitcrvlrora was held
at 10 o'clock ycrtcrdny inoniiug, at Ulcc ,fc Juck
-ou’s Building, corner of Ilandolph nod Jefferson
streets.
On motion, a committee was appointed tu con
fer with the Lczihliitnro to assist lu gelling means
to carry on the city zovermnuut. ami «l-o one jo
request the Preruh'ut to call a special suasion'of
Congress for ihe purpose of hKiuing money to the
city, so Hint hithlnc*?* may bo rcaumetl.
A resolution wa- also ndtqffod ;tliat when Hie
Court Jloiumi wus rebuilt, it nboiihl I*o. on rho old
ground. Dr. McCliertuey. a Meihodlbt clorgytnnii.
Plated that if it was decided Hurt the Court House
was to Ire rebuilt lliere. he would go to New fork,
and set money enough In thirty dav» to tubnild Inc
MethodistChurcii Block, on the old spot.
The board adjourned, to meet U 10 o'clock this
morning at the same place.
WHOLESALE UROCKBS,
At a full meeting t>f the wholesale grocer? of
Chicago, hold Thursday, fi, It was unani
mously
Jiutolreil. Thatwunsk no compromise with our
creditors. We only w:mt time, and uru deter
mined to pay 10J cents on the dollar.
HuolcttU Also, Hint we have ciiinipatred con
tldencc Iu onr cmtnlry corre»i>ondeuls, thanking
them for the evidence* alrvudv given of their read-
Incis to coqm to onr prompt we frn-t
no effort o>i their part will be omitted to continue
placing us In posscstdou of available Hinds at the
curliest moment
WM. STKWAKT, Prosi.bt.t,
JOHN Srerotstrv.
COMMITTEE MEETINGS.
At n meeting of the dilbircut committees from
cities tcnderlngr.ld In thu sufferers by the bite lire
in Chicago, hold at St. John’s Congregational
Church yesterday utlltjh. in.. Mayor ItixUr.of
l*ulsvlllc, Ky„ was called to the clmlr.and Austin
11. Brown, ot the Indianapolis Common Council,
apjwlntcd Secretary, _.
IHilejrnies from the fUmming cities were pres
ent Milwaukee, SU Loots. Unnnlbal; Aurora.
Quincy. Louisville, Indianapolis, Lcavcuworth.and
frpringttold.
lion, Mr. Blow, of St. Louis, who presided at a
previous meeting held on Wednesday evening,
stated what had bcutidouc so fur. and Hint the com
mittees bad met with the committee of thcChlca
go Aid amntcllcf Society, and learned that to this
committee had Won added n committee of the
Council audcily officers, Tluii while all funds do
nated were to be paid over to the CUv Treasurer,
the systematic distribution of supplies would ho
made by this Joint committed. All that we had to
do was to await the organization of this committee,
which wuTftbl lx* hy tula (Friday) evening, when
supplies and menus could be placed lu their hands,
with the assurance Hint an honest disbursement
am! Judicious distribution of funds and supplies
would !k! made. Adjourned.
THE SKAT OF CITY GOVERNMENT.
At. an adjourned meeting of the Common Conn*
rll, hold yeMorday nftemooh, it was resudvad that-
Iho Board of Bnhllc Works atonic .proceed to erect.
,al a cost of *i>'.tXXt,.a temporary wooden structure
In the Court House tenure for the accommodation
hsoorihccilygovcuuuenl. The Connell will
hereafter meet at |h<* Ihihm Street I’olico Station.
BOARD a»F EDUCATION.
-A meeting of the Board of Education and school
teacher? wa* held in the Ilavcn School yesterday
ulicmoon. It was determined that all the teacher*
would tender to the board their service? for otic
year, to receive any rcmunenitlcc the city might
think prt)|icr tu oficr. Xusjb-ctor Qitcal ddvoten
*2 ,0t»0 to adustltntu’ teacher? 1 fund. in thoeVent of
hi? lumber not nelng derimyed. Superintendent.
Pickard refttses any salary for one year.
x-tHuEs,
Tin; iTiAmiE rAiayiH.
The PrtfrJf >’c ittur Company have located at
Iso. *J;> West Randolph st reel.corner otJetfoteyn,and
will not ml?? anK-ute of their paper.. Thl* week's
numlx;r will be out to-day, nnd maUed- to all ?nb*
eenber?. It will coutalua copclEo amlcomprehcn*
fdwreport of the' Great Fire, and «il the latett
new? op to. the hour of going to press, together
with a correct Map, showing the Burned District.
Conic? will be for sale qu thu btroctg. bond In yonr
orncr? for advertisement?. The book? and valit*
able paper? of the company were saved, together
with u complete tile of 2he\Fvrmcr since JWI.
CHICAGO RAILWAY. REVIEW'.
This Invaluable journal of railway news, -with a
spirit characteristic of the gbjat interost which it
represents, and of Chicago, will continue to ap
pear regularly earJi week.*,. Wo heartily oemaend
•this standard journal, and' the enterprise and
idoik Which it exhibit*. li« editor, I), C .-Brooks;
JiH., may be addressed at IGvJ .Prahlo aveunc.
FIRST FROM THE ASHES.
Onr friend Wm. I). Kerfout. Real Estate Act' t.
at No.b'tt Washington street.!* the fcst Lh u u e id.
Hu hat erected a ouilditif ft *.ae bid place, ulidla
ready for business.'as usual. Numerous parties
from the -Kosc and other section* have already
vajled npoij him with roitnmce toinvostraeutsand
rebullaiiisr, and Tie is preparcd'lo have surveys
blade, titles examined, and ail-legal hnslncfs at
tended to. We commend him to all persons for
hla reliability, cnonjf. Hhd ®nterprlao.
TiML.
.Wo notice with pleasure the telegram ami notice
front thcContlnntal <lusoinnee Cmnpanv. of New
Yurie, Id auothor column. t Thq i(*&t»of 'thlacim
pabyaro about f1.1X10,000. Assets. $1.00,U)0(>. leav
ing them a handsome .nurplUß. O.W. Barren
Co. arc Ibe agents for Chicago,
JiCStixcs To-D.vr
Meeting of the North. Side citizen* will beheld
at 12 id., corner of North Clark, and- North Water
‘atrecta. \y. B. Ogden and olives a*.o me commit-
Uc.
—Union meeting of the Good Templar lodge* at
Warren Lodge Halt. Masoalr Temple, comer of
llalstcd oml Randolph streets, this evening.
—lrish Literary Association, at Room* {land6
Yates* Building, comer of Randolph and Canal
streets, at 8 p.to.
—Rev. Robert Collyor Is requested by 0.. C.
Gibbs. Chairman ofthe RcUer.Cummlitec, at IS m.
to-day, at First Congregational Cbnrch, corner ul
Ana and West Washington ttreets.
THE ELECTIONS.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Dutlng the election in Philadelphia. on Tues
day, a fearful riot occurred In the southern part of
the city. The light was participated in by while
and colored men, and was not ended until half a
dozen were killed and many wounded. Three
brigades of the militia were ordered out toqncll
the disturbance.
Pittsburgh, Oct. 10.- The Rcpnhlicans cr.rrr the
comity by between 4,000 and .\KX) majority. There
was but little interest taken In the eVrtlon, and
the\oic was uuusujjly Relit. KHani* from the
adjoining counties snmt.it light vote. Imt a uni
form p: mover Geary's vote when the State went
Republican by I,WO majority.
Return* Ridicule thatthc Republicans bare car
ried the State, electing Blanton Auditor -General,
and Beatu bqrvcyor usnural. Hucka County glre
»Xl to <lO Dotni cratit’majnritr.* In Vmnklln there
Is a Republican ~aiu ol OKU In r Chester COJ
Repablluku majority. Lycoming. SSO Itemo
cra;lc. Lancaster, 401 Republican. Northampton.
g.fAU Democratic—» Republican tmlu of B2fi. I)an
phin, 1,100 Repphljiutu. Allegheny. l.riU Ilepubll
can.
IOWA.
From Ibo UerMoines Roglstcr.Oct.il.
Wu had cspo.’ted to be able, having made full
arrangements fir special despatches, to print Ml
returns Iroan th »lowa election this morning. But
early la-*t cvo.iiog. Urn wire of the Western Union
on the Rock .aland Raid, and that«t> the North
western, gav out. thus virtually rutting us oil
from umm mlctulon w.th Icur-f.fiha of the
.*3,(03.000
1,500,0.0
700,0-0
two.oco
l State. The news w»* have received from the East
and from our own State was by the long j mnicy.
i ootid bv St, tank. But we have ennugh.to show
that thc’rcsnlt lu lowa has been twruplng.
To-morrow, no doubt.we ►hall be able togivc full
aud complete returns from lowa, and from Ohm
j-ml Pcunsylvnnin. Wo coutidenlly place the ma
jorily iu lowa nt risitigof 40,UW.
rou.roo
400-0U)
*OO.OOO
hjo.ocw
3(J(».C00
•2-V.I.U) I
:lxi.ojo
TOO.UU
KW.Wi
1.0b0.000
.mow
1T‘.,000
An mmpictod crowd ofadvcilhcmcuU has left
u. neither lime to put in iy|*o, nor room to print,
the great nias« of Intelligence relating to Hie cou.
dttion of tin- city prepared for this morningb pa
per. Wi* hope to-monow to enlarge our
columns. If materials mrivc lu season, aud be able
to meet both the wants of advertisers aud the (re
mand* of the reading public.
MMJOU
TrVt.OjO
l.«r>*,oUo
I.tMD/tt)
5.0 *0,(1 Ml
I*oo,ooo
otM.OUd
1.300.000
THAYER -Wit! B. Thr.yur.aged r.l jeara.
Kimrral from hi* late residence. No. 11 biatecnlh
►I.. ni n o'clock p. m. Friday. 13th inrt,
Wednesday, Ocloter 11. Alice Min
vnungett daughter of Henry ami 3l«*iia A.
aged g year* .it'd d months.
Funeral from the residence of her parents,
North Curtin «>u Friday at H*a. in.
.SI.O>KV» *t»
-o.oeu
li.O.UOJ
TVkffiO
Tnj/KH*
flo.aw
SOJ.tOJ
;uj,ou)
MU'UM
ioi.'tt*
o;b,tM>
due.two
A u.ir.lo
.‘WAtOJ
WALDRON,
NIBLOCK CO.,
GOAL
DEALERS,
Can be found at their old stand, having
escaped the late fire unscorched* Their
is uninjured by either Are or water,
and are prepared to till orders with-
out delay.
Yards Foot of Kingsbury-sL, North
Side, and af north end of Elevator B,
Illinois Central Railroad, South Side.
Our Coal Yard all Right.
We are Beafly- to Deliver
In One Ton Lots
To any One We Owe
Or to the Public at the
Old Prices.
Office and Yard
No. I North Market-si.
W.M.&J.F.OLCOTT.
F. A. Menge and Co,,
11A HD AND SOFT CO AI.
at the old rrl:c.“.
Also,
On baud a full supply of
BEECH AND MAPLF.
Foot of W**t WagVnet
HALL’S
SAFE A LOCK
COMPANY’S
CHICAGO BOUSE
IS LOCATED AT
66 West Madison-si.
A stock of Safes, and
Hall’s Superior Bank
Locks will be ready
for sale TO-DAY,
At Old Prices.
FRANK B. TUCKER,
GENTLEMEN: At a meeting of the “Ger
mania.*’ “Hanover,” “Niagara,*’ and ••Repub
lic” Insurance Compaulc?, of New York Coni
pricing the Underwriter'? Agency,” held thl?
day, duo preparations were made to pay Immedi
ately. ul*on adjustment. alllo??c-.J incurred at Chi
cago; r.nvr doing which UiP capital* of nil the
companies wilt remain ’unimpaired, and have n
>arpuis of over half million dollars, leaving the
prora ca-h a-sclb of the \.'ndei 'writer'? Aircncy
oxer two and one-half million doiiara ifrL&M.fW.)
A.fcToDUAUT, General Agi-nt.
To Ogden, Sheldon Scuddor, Agents, U2 South
Caualt-lrucU Chicago.
tS~AU iH:r>(»n? holding pounca “in the u Un
dci writer'* Agencywill proaeiii them at Gi South
CaDal-?t., for’ ndjuVunutit.
(JGDRN, SHELDON Jb SCUDDKR,
Aircntt.
P, B. Weare and Co, and S. B.
Chase and Co.
Have recovered runic of their t»ook« and paper?
from the great fire, mid have resumed bitslnc?? Nt
No?. 25 and 27 North Cliatoutd. Will receive con
-IgumcDib and transact a general commission
business as before.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 13, 1871.
DIED.
COAL.
All kinds of
MANAGER.
INSXTBAKCE.
Now York, Oct, in, 1671,
TRANSPORTATION.
BLUE LINE.
AND
treat Western
RAILWAYS’
OFFICE
769 Wabash-av.,
AT
C. f B.&Q.R. R. CROSSING.
Freight forwarded and
contracts issued to all
Eastern cities, as here
tofore.
A. WALLINGFORD,
Agent Blue Line.
cnICAGO, Oct. li.lß'l.
NOTICE Tfl SHIPPERS.
The IMltsburgh, Fort Wayuo
CUlcago Railway Freight De
pot, maciison-xt., being saved
from destruction by the great
fires of Saturday and Sunday
nights, is now in shape to lake
freights, enabling' this artery of
trade to OPEN IIP and relieve
those who may have property
to go forward from Chicago,
and hare opened our office at .Vo.
9, under the Briggs House, for
merly the Laclede, Madlsou-st.
Freight Station. The Star Union
Line Agency tans Its Chicago
headquarters at this office. So
very largo amount of freight
could be taken immediately,
but enough to enable parties to
raise money from their Eastern
correspondence.
R. C. IHELDRI.II,
C. IV. F. Agt.
Chicago Thursday, (*ct 14, I*7l.
per Poat Journal aud Kojiubßcan cojiy.
Goodrich Steamers.
Steamers on alltiie Routes.
Freights received and ship
ped. Passenger accommo
dations all right. '"Office and
Docks foot of Michigan-av.
T. G- RTJTLIN, Snpt.
_ CARHIAQES.
The Office of the
COAN&PBME
Carriage Manufacturing
Company.
Is At tbcic iacloiy, corner of Randolph and Ann-M*..
wherc. they will resume their business la a few
days, and lie prepared to receive i ’dors as usual.
All persons Indebted (Cits arc -cqueslcd to re
mit at oscs, ht currency,; by espi* to enable us
to relieve our etnnlftye*. tonic of whom are home
lo*s and tu want of food.*
All poraona having buggies, carrla;, or wagons
In their possession bclongtng-to ns. u-Hl please ro
ll ra them to oof factory or send their address, and
save trouble.’
EDUCATIONAL.
The Chicago Business College
Will open m a few days on Sixteenth-*!., be
tween. Wabash and Mlehlgan-av*.
Two of the largest and finest halls la ibc city
have been leased, ami a
1. i;3T-CLASS BUSINESS SCHOOL
Will be conducted at> horetofore.' Alltho depart
ments will b« in operation,-with fall corps of
teacher*. Office at present, *92 Michlgan-av.
Several fine offices and store rooms to rent. Ap
ply at 79i MlcVgan-nv.
BRYANT CHASE,
(formerly Bryar.t Sh-rtton.)
BLANK BOOKS.
A Large Assortment of
BLANK BOOKS AND
STATIONERY
Ju?t tccclved from the East, which will
3E SOLD AT LOW PRICE?*
The trade supplied by
EMERSON* DAVIS,
AT WEST SIDE LIBRARY AND MUSIC STORE,
WEST MADISON-ST.,
Thompson* Block, bet. Peoria amt Sangamon *U.
AUCTION SALES.
Auction
C. M. GILBERT i CO., AUCTIONEERS,
arc ready to make sales of
MERCHANDISE, HOUSEHOLD GOODS. REAL
AND PERSONAL PROPERTY.
Ac. Ac.,
althcir newtalcprootns.
No. 1-1 Caualst„ neat door to Tribune Office,
sale? at residences receive piumpl attention.
STORE AND LEASE AT PRIVATE SALK.
One of the best locations in the city for grocer?
store or salqon. House contains IS rooms.
REAL ESTATE.
For Sale er Rent,
At EVANSTON, Two large brick residence
within Arc m'nntca* walk if Depot. Will b
completed ready to occupy by November 1. I ca:
also bca d LV: ir six j c sons, all at fair prices.
JOSEPH M. LYONS,
EYAON.
REMOVALS.
the
Wheeler Wilson
GENERAL OFFICE
is REMOVED To
No. 338 West Madison-st
OiirSoath Side cu-tomcra can übtaiu macltln
ltd supplies at 162 TWENTV-t'KCUSD-ST. A
large stock of m.ichiucs arc already on the way.
and measures wil I at once be taken to pnt up a per
innncnt bunding.
KAIIUAR iWHEEI.KR,
Union Screw and Bolt Co.
Office removal to COT.LIKS' it UUR
GIK*S Stove Foandry, toutbwestern cor
ner Van Buren ami jtflersou-sls. We arc
prepared to fill all ortlcre for Bridge, Car,
Track, Jlachiuc ami Skein. Bolts, Lag
Screws, Jack fc'ercws, ami Carriage Bolls.
We have mvlo arrangements for (Uiiiig
BLACKSMITH WOKK
for buililmgs. Ukuolak Bbices.
Field, King Co. and Jacob Weil
HAVE REMOVED
415 MICHIGAN AV
SoOJ,OJO worth of real c-lalc venuted in the burned
district caM of aud north of Jacksou-st.
Removal.
WM. 11. SAMPSON.
Real Estate and Hoioo Utiuilng Room 4
Brvan Block. ItW Is now at
SIS tVEST WASHINGTON -ST.
To rent, store* aud dwellings in all pans of the
city.
PAPER.
ROCK RIVER
Paper Co.
AT
58 North Jefferson-st,
HAVE IN A STOCK OF ALL KINDS OF
BUILDING PAPER,
Saturated Stains Boartl,
Prepared Plastering Board,
Felt Roofing,
AXD
QUARTZ CEMENT.
56 North Jefferson-st.
NEW PUBLICATIONS.
The Chicago Magazine
FOR NOVEMBER
Will appearn* twunl. a new work bull! up on the
mdica ul the old. AH ia goue. plates, manuscript*,
fciibt-criptioti Ixjtiks. and office: but a wo*ld of hope
and energy re main*. A* many different indlvidn*
al* were depending upon it lor tboir bread and but
ter. It is more Important than ever that
IT SHALL SUCCEED,
If the many women of*tiio West who *cnlmc
congratulatory letter* and: God-speed when I com
meueed under auspicious circuni?tnm*c?. will help
me now. by their subscriptions, 1 shall give them
a better
HOME MAGAZINE
than Inyfore. Tltc dr<l number will contain a full
accouut of the
DIREFUL BAPTISM OF FIRE
through which we bare passed, with
MANY INCIDENTS
gathered by au ere-witness.
Office at Madlsoo-st. West Side Library.
.Courage 1
Let ns lift op thankful eyes.
Count equal lo*e and gain;
Because as long as the world lasts
GrOcn leave* will come again.*’
SLL.RAYNE.
-Editor and Proprlolor Chicago Jtagarlnc of
Fashion.
DRY GOODS AND CLOTHING.
BEHOLD
Dry Goods
AND
CLOTHING!
We hare on hand a large Mock of DRY GOODS,
CLOTHING, NOTIONS. MILLINERY. Ac-, Ac.,
whlchwc offer at prices unequalled in the Vt eet.
5,000 (five thousand) yards
CALICOS.
Tour choice of any brand in stock at Bc. pcrvanl.
Everrthlnc elso In proportion. Men and Boys
CWmi!Na and a llrgeMock
vtrv cheap, at the
OAK STORE
9PC WEST UKE-ST., cor. Oakley.
TO RENT.
TO RENT.
STORES AMD OFFICES,
Kornrr or Green and
building formerly occupied by the Virst Congvega
ional Chnrch.
The building Is bcinj: remodeled. and will con
tnhi ?omc of the flnert stoics and offices Id the
city. The National Watch Hartford Fire
Ins. Co., ami other piomincnt busiucfs concerns
tre alicady located ‘hcic. Apply on the premises
DURAND BUO. POWERS.
Parlors for Offices
In marble front,
ooa WABASII-AVENUE,
Near Twclflb-at,
Apply atthe premises.
Tq Rent.-
A STORE ROOM 'tfS IWEATT-SECONDST.,
between Michigan end Wala?h-avs. 44x9.1
feet, suttald? fora large vet ail ‘dry good? ?lotc,
wholesale m ninety or rimllarluaincss, N* MON*
ROE, No. 19 Slitc. a* l’.?U
i
NUMBER 68.
DfSCTRiNCE.
TO PARTIES WANTING
Reliable Insirance.
Policies issued in the
HOME
Insurance Company, of
Columbus, Ohio, from
this date. Apply to
GEO. G. CLARKE CO.,
AO ENTS.
10 Eldridge-conrt
B, Thc IlOMli INSDU
-AA’CECOJIP.VW Is ready fopa}
all claims In full without nnncc-
cssary <!clny.
Present your clulmb to
GEO. C. t'LAKKEACO,,
Agents,
10 Eldrldgocourt.
Chicago, Oct. 13.
C. H.CASE,
ACEXT,
INSURANCE COMPANY NORTH AMERICA,
Philadelphia.
PEOPLE’S INSURANCE COMPANY.
Worcester, Mats.
SPRINGFIELD FIRE AND MARINE IN
SURANCE COMPANY,
Springfield, Masx.
NATIONAL INSURANCE COMPANY,
Boston, Mas-;.
All lo>se« will *?e adjusted and paid as >*pcedUy
asclrcumsutDcc.l mil admit.
OFFICE.
10. 62 South Caual-st.
‘f&o f
Insurance Co.,
Of [Philadelphia,
Will pay Its loteca promptly, and all pe's-ns hold*
lap iiolldc" iu this Company aic ic-jue-lcd «o pre
sent them for immediate adjustment at
Room No. 5 Laclede House.
DAVIS REQIi.V. Agents.
Northwestern Department
ECLECTIC
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY,
of New York.
Trc:ent office,
Room 1 Masonic Building, corner Raided and
West Randolph-sts.
Wp raved 6or books and papers, and are ready
for business.
•AUGUSTUS .lOfINSON’, Manager.
H ANOOM’U BUItT. Bnperlnli-ndinl.
The General Insurance Agency
MILLER DREW
Has removed to No. £34 lodises av., wbero they
will bo pleased to cooler upon matters of Insar*
once, ae may be reqolred.
379 Wabash-av.,
OFFICE CONNECTICUT MUTUAL LIFE IKS
CO. OF IIARTFOHD.
Interests of policy hollers and applicants for
insurance will be promptly attended to.
STEARNS, DHIONSON A CO.,
1 General Agents,
(Successors to Moore AStearn?)
OPJ Wtbaeh-av.
Mutual Life Insurance Company ol
Chicago.
OFFICE
at 231 West Madisou-st.
STEWART MARKS. E. It FAIL.
Secretary. Pn-snh-nt.
Yonkers and New York Insurance
Company,
WESTERN DEPARTMENT,
J. W. Stewart,
INSURANCE BROKER,
ir»»i Abcidecu-t-t.
tiir-nnUKc placed In A i Comi'anies. Fojmotly
ISaIIoM.
at It* I*:
Proofs of Loss
We have established our.-chcs at
163 WEST WASIIINi;TON-ST.,
Where we arts prepued to make out
PROOFS OF LOi>. wrm ti.ie utmost
DESPATCH.
COOPER Jb PACKARD. Atl^mc'ys-at-Law.
Yonkers and New York insurance Co.
Pulley holder* will phase present their rlniuvJ to
W. KAft.tETT Co. x nt calcic. 3-W Wi.bftsh
iv., or cornu* West Ra« dolpl; and Or
can present them at Western, department
iCOilddi&a&av.
GENERAL NOTICES.
A CARD FROM
Fitoii, Williams Co.
Our Office is at
75 Calumet-av.,'
Second house north of Tncuty-secocd-et., where
«c hmv all onrbooks am! valuable papers that we
saved from the flame*.
Wc earnestly solicits!! j*crsons indebted to U5
I»i*td ns ail they can by remittances.
Thankful for j«M favors, and hoping to rclmbark
lu business again soon,
We remain, voura tiuly,
KITrU. WILLIAMS ,t CO.
CHAS. P. KELLOGG CO.
OTJII OFFICE
FOK THE I’KESEXT
WII.I, BE AT
606 Pflichigan^av.
Our new store on Wabash-av., nearly opposite
the ohl Clifton Uonsc. will be completed on or
about March l.v.lien wc >hnll be pleased to showonr
cu-iooicr?. a» huge and desirable a stock aa ever
before exhibited by us.
In the meantime we -hall Ic p’c ;sed to have our
cn-tymcrs remit n- at one cjtlici by draft on Newr
Yuik, orcnnency by csprc>s.
cn.\s. r. Ki;i.i.oGG i co.
General Notice.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANTS* UNION EN-
PUE:S COMPANY
■?i now prepared to
RECEIVE AND FORWARD ALT, BUSINESS
OFFERED.
Ka?Urn business, for New York. Boston. Ac.,
office llj Twenty-second-st. Western business, Ibr
Chicago, Burlington Railroad and con
nections, at office Canal and Burlington Crossing.
For Northwestern Railroad and roade leaving from
that depot, at office comer ol Klnzic and Canal-eta.
(old Milwaukee Depot). Also at office 2U. 316. and
319 West Randolph, corner Canal. Principal office,
NO, Jl3 TWENTY-SECOND-ST.
LOCAL NOTICE
DR. A. D. FRITZ,
The well-known Indian Pb) slcien,
No. «w South Ca-k-strea.
HAS RESUMED BUSINESS
NO. li 6 SOUTH lI.VLSTEU STREET,
Near Adam?.
OFF.CE HOURS
From 8 a. m. to 13 m., and from 2 to 4, and 7 to 8.
Caution.
All persons arc cnntloncd ngalnsi entertaining any
proposals for the purchase or rent of the Globa
Theatre except from the lawful owners ar.d posses
sors. -THE CHICAGO RBEITER VEKEIN,°
or Ita authorised attorney?.
The ground lease npou the premises has been
terminated by due process of law.
THE CHICAGO ARBEITER VEREIN,
JCSSEN, JOHNSTON ROGERS,
Attorney?. 134 We?tMudl?on e*.
Office cf the Board of Public Works,
N0.301 West Hiimlolph-st.,
Chicago, Oct. 13, ISTI.j
Public iiiitiec i? hereby given that, upon applies
lion to this office, permits will lie granted to own.
er? of ground within the burnt district to tweet
temporary wooden buildings thereon not to ex-
ceed one story in height. By order of the boatd
r. H. BAILEY. Secretary.
To Our Friends and Clients.
We have, opened an »flu e for ihc present at No.
11 South Clintonst.. vlioic we iruv he found dnr.
lut; usual business in nrs,
11EHVEV, ANTHONY GALT
1,. I'Ki'l DFOOT
WM M. JOHNSTON.
The Offices of the Chicago Theolo
topical Seminary, th« ConprrprTonal Publishing
Society, the American Home Missionary Stc'.ety,
and the Ametlcan Hoard of Foreign Missions, hevo
been removed from M Washlnglon-pt. to :he
Sennuary Building, Union Park. The conespou
denee of Rev. 11. L. Hammond. CS. S. F. Savage,
J. K. Roy and S. J. Humphrey, may be addressed
o Chicago Seminary. Union Park.
To Our Clienta.
IV, arc nidir? our client. In adjusting their
lo"cVm rpecdily por.lt.lr W, can ftrn .It
latest information tn regard In the
puranre companies. Are prepared to make proof
of claim* at unco.
Otltcc at M EASTOX> v
Attorneys at I aw. Notary Public.
Persons Wanted.
Mr Wells* family of 315 North LaSallc-st, ploflfc
rend address to A L. WELLS. Jr., care Messrs.
Platt, Thorn Maynard. Chicago.
Office and Store
Of liITTIN'GEK UKO., St 31K West Harriaon
►t., where we have acme slock, and within tin
day* will l>o full and complete. _
American Insurance Company.
The American Insurance Company have saved
nil their securities and books, and will not oo af
fected financially by the Are. Business will be re
sumed as sooto as au office can be secured. We
are now located at <lB7 West Madison-ft.
I Have in My Possession
a small quantity of dry good', which will he dcllr
cred to the owner by hi* proving i.n>m-rly hy lnuh>
mart before seeing property. LOLLlhb JSAIOh.
TO South' Canabst.
Chicago. Oct. 13.
Safes.
Parlies wishing their
SAFES
Taken out of the-rulns can have it done by compe
tent narltca bv addressing _
uni g MRDSALL> Fonrth-st.
612 Michigan-av.
All our account ItooU* and plates arc saved.
The machinery Is In motion to meet the wants of
nil our customers at the earliest possible moment.
Notice.
OHr office Md
With Messrs. Fuller A Fuller. Our correspondents
will please address ns accordingly.
1 IIENRT W. KING A CO.
Money Paid
By many insurance companies at once. Call anil
have notice and proof of loss properly made out
atlb ß\W OFFICE OF MORAN A ENGLISH.
102 West Randolph-st.. up stairs.
The Sleamsr Van Raatte
WILL MAKE D AIL V TRIPS
between Benton \larber :>nd this city. Ihx&finrt
WeM Washington* et.
Send Orders
for :ili kinds of PRINTING, BINDING.
BOOKS AND RULING. to the RACINE JOUR
NAL OFFICE. Racine. W;».
WM. L. UTLKY SONS. Proirh tor*.
To The Public.
Wo hue cheeped wlthont less by the recent
and arc to h s found, as herct* rj, at oar old Bland:
la the G*n:i and Commlsf-hu bvslneas, 199 asU
IQ2 N i r *h Jcflcrson-st.. oiiod'.c Nonhwestenk
Frelg s* Dc.ot, BURTON. STRESS CO.
ROOT A CAT)T.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-13 page 2 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-13/ed-1/?sp=2 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:31Z ========

(Pc |rib«ut.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER J^lß7l.
TnJcCßuiiooTainin.’B baa opeued its offices at
No. 13 South Canal street. West Division, and the
..jupar «ill hereafter be ‘Cjrnlnrly Issued from lha;
Jjlafo till fttnhcr notice.; ■i-- ■v,
Our readers arc requested to notice that wo
charge the same price for THE TRIBUNE aa be-
fore the Ore, Single copies can bo .obtained for
five ccut* over our counter, at No. 13 South Canal
fetrccl. ami there i- no occasjou to pay ibc exorbi-
tant prlcJ a&fccd by on the street,
VISIOXAIIY SCHEMES.
There are various suggestions of
schemes by which Chicago can he
n stored, and some of these are very
wild ones. For instance, it is urged
that the national government shall
advance a hundred millions of dol
lars and loan it out to rebuild Chi
cago. It is proposed, also, that the
State of Illinois shall borrow several
millions of dollars and lend it out to
rebuild Chicago, Who would be
entitled to receive this money—the
■5,000 capitalists or the 50,000 pau
pers All" such propositions arc
impracticable. That is not the way
to rebuild Chicago. It must he
built by its own people, on their
own credit, and with that self-reli
ant energy that had already erected
one of the noblest cities of modern
times. Chicago cannot be rebuilt
by any gift concert arrangement.
We have every element of commer
cial and productive industry that we
ever had. Our stores and ware
houses have perished, hut the great,
broad expanse of country from
which this city has grown, all re
mains and is as prolific as ever. We
have still capacity to store five mil
lion bushels of grain. W e have
the lakes and railroads at our feet
as usual. Nothing has been de
stroyed but the buildings in which
the details of this trade were carried
on. The insurance companies owe
us the value of this property de
stroyed. It is no. legitimate func
tion of the government to make
good the losses of insurance compa
nies. Their capital and their re
sources must meet the risks from
which they have drawn their profits,,
To their honor, let it he said, that
they exhibit a purpose to pay their
losses to the uttermost of their
means. The idea that the State or
National Government can loan public
money to supply deficiencies in in
surance, can have no oilier effect
than to paralyze personal energy,
and cause private capital to del.in
its proper action in hope of escaping
payment finally.
Tin. re is one way in wliiuli the Na
tional Government may Jo a sub
stantial benefit without stepping
outside its legitimate functions. The
government must have public offices
here, a Custom House, a Post Office,
rooms for courts and Marshal, for
Internal Revenue officers, and Pen
sion Agency; it must also have here
o- e or more bonded warehouses.
Tin se buildings arc absolutely and
immediately necessary. What Con
gress can do is to provide for the
erection of these buildings, and they
should be of the most capacious di
mensions and of the very best class.
The should occupy an entire block
—should bo free of all contact with
any other buildings, and should he
made absolutely fire proof. All
these buildings can be built in the
most solid manner of the most en
during material for less than five
millions of dollars. If Congress,
upon meeting in December, will ap
propriate one or two millions of dol
lars to begin this work, and will or
der their construction, it will do
more to restore confidence and stim
ulate private enterprise than any
questionable or impracticable at
tempts to loan public money to back
up stockholders in insurance compa
nies. This appropriation must of
necessity bo made at some time, but
its beneficial effects upon Chicago
will ho greatly increased if it should
he done as early in the session as
possible.
For the moment we have thou
sands of homeless and destitute peo
ple. They want work. Each man
wants to earn tho bread that he and
his family consume. Not one penny
of any loan Congress or the State
might make would rcacli these peo
ple. 11V have thousands of rich
people who have been made poor,
hut we have tons of thousands of
poor people who have been rendered
destitute —who have neither bread,
nor clothing, nor shelter. The fact
that Congress had voted $5,000,000
to erect necessary buildings in Chi
cago, for its own use, would be the
best tidings to the unemployed labor
of this city. It would be duplicated
five times over by private enterprise,
and instead of a city of houseless
destitute poor, the community would
become a hive of human industry,
each man ami family looking to
their own earnings for their own
support.
In ilie same manner the State of
Illinois might, within the scope of
its constitutional authority, devise
some means whcrcliy the people of
this city and county may provide
themselves with public buildings.
We want a Court House, a Hall of
I‘words, a County Prison, and a
i;Y Hall. These buildings are in
dispensable, and must be built soon
er 0l later. If the mrms to begin
lhe.se public c:i;. be found
then anotiie, ji:ce' r v• jyi 11 bo-
given to~|uiv./eVutcrp'
cago;>lia|aiig lhe\asiS*s£f thelpast
irom'licrjjw meut8 1 jvill ptit onqjctv
beauty,;acquire new "and"
will rapidly regain that power and
wealth which have been so sudden
ly and calamitously lost.
WHAT THE BASKS W ILL DO.
We print elsewhere the resolii
lions adopted by the 1 hankers of
Chicago in regard to the course they
ilccni ii judicious to pDrsipj ,|qri tlie
best interests of all cunceriled/1
Scarcely any question in connec
tion with the great calamity which
lias befallen us required more cool
ness than to point out, in the.midst,
of the prevailing confusion, the way
to restore confidence and re-estab
lish the business of the. city. The
bankers composing thei-committee
■vho drafted these resolutions and
submitted them totho- meeting yes-:
terday are gentlemen whose well
known ability entitle them to the
confidence of the publifc, and the
course deemed judicious by them
should meet with the hearty'co-ope
ration of the entire business com
munity. As was staled in our issue
of Wednesday morning, every dollar
of currency and bonds in the vaults
of the banks is believed, to"' have
been saved. This, together with the
New York balances of the banks,
leaves them an average amount of
cash means equal to 40 or £0 per
cent of their deposits. If the bank
ers chose to adopt so suicidal a
course as to press their debtors "for
the payment of their loans,'.many of
them could pay off their depositors
in full within sixty days. But this
policy would wind up the banks
themselves, as thd depositors can put
them into bankruptcy -as ’easily as
the hanks can put their debtors
there. No such policy is thought of
by 'cither side. It is solely with the
view of preserving all’tbese vast in
terests that the majority.of.the hank
ers have deemedit injudicious. .to
pay out more than fifteen per cent on
their deposits at ,onco. Fifteen per
cent, however,will give every deposi
tor something to uso now, and the
continuance of the business of the
banks is the best possible guarantee
that all the present liabilities to de
positors will be cleared off as soon
as the “hills receivable” held by the
banks—which are worth fu.ly 75 per
cent of their face—can be collected.
It is confidently believed that at least
50 per cent of all the insurance in
volved in the fire will be promptly
paid. This insures the collection of
at least 75 nr 80 per cent of the loans
of the hanks.
How soon another instalment can
be paid by the hanks on their de
posits it is of course impossible to
say. It is thought that some degree
of uniformity of action im this re
spect will be observed, but some of
the hanks will probably pay 10, 20,
or 30 per cent within the next month
or two, while some will pay nearly
all their deposits that are demanded,
within the next sixty or ninety days/
The most important element, how
ever, in the re-establishment of busi
ness, will be the degree of geod
sense shown by the public in sus
taining the banks. The bankers,
generally, believe that if the busi
ness community will give them their
confidence, every dollar of present
liabilities to depositors will not only
he paid off, but a now business will
be built up at the same time. In
this matter the country banks
can exercise a potent influence fo r
good or evil, according as they may
act with’ discretion, or otherwise l
The main thing to be borne in mind
is, that the banks of Chicago have
means enough to pay everything if
they arc allowed time to realize on
their bills receivable.
As will be seen by the resolutions
adopted by the savings banks, their
action will be somewhat different
from that of tho commercial banks.
They propose to pay at once all de
positors whose balances do not ex
ceed twenty dollars, and not less
than twenty dollars to every deposi
tor whose balance is more than that
amount. The limit of twenty dol
lars is placed npon present payments
solely for the purpose of preventing a
run of depositors who do not stop to
consider the demoralizing effect such
an event would have. The savings
hanks are sound; they can pay every
dollar, and will do so as soon as con
fidence is firmly re-established.
BUSINESS REVIVAL,
Already the lumber has been hauled in
many Instances Jo the sites of the recent
clestrucion In ibe South Division for the
nurpose of constructing frame ’stores and
warehouses. Within a very short time
nur wholesale merchants will he prepared
to fill orders Lirgc warehouses, kept for
o*ftg<% and without the limits of the fire,
n*e filled with goods. The public ware
houses alone have several millions or dol
lars’ worth of goods, which will be with
drawn for sale as soon as (here can be tern*
oomry stores erected. Many lines ol busi
ness will be immediately resumed--mer
chants using their private dwelling* for
that purpose. Orders will be received
and the goods furnished without delay
from the Ea*t. Alu ady most of our firms
have memlicrs in the Atlantic cities select
ing slocks of goods, and forwarding them
to Chicago.
The clucring prospect in the matter of
insurance has bad a most encouraging
tft ct The hat ks have an amount ot cash,
which, with the large percentage of insur
unce, will make financial mailers far more
casj- than was anticipated. The country
cannot afford to let Chicago perish,, and a
noblc/Cflbrt' Is' ntafetfijg t to pay’
iour sufferers -what ia due to\Uicujtb&t they
thay they owe, antT* qu£ry on
almc^LwithDut;mlcrruptiou.
:cb!:
NO EXTORTION.
Everj* attempt at extortion because of
the straits to which business has been re
duced should be frowned down by the
public, and submission In it utterly refused,
even at much sacrifice.' "We have beard of
few attempts at such extortions. On the
contrary, holders of provLion, lumber, fur
niture, etc.—such commodities as are most
in demand alibi? crisis—arc*> generally ad'
Vertismj'“ Xo advance in price." This is
a wholesome indication, testifying to the
splpit of devotion to the city’s welfare'
which has always been characteristic ef
Chicago merchants, Let it become the
motto of the hour. It will not only help
us belter through hard limes by keeping
expenses down, but will keep in sonic pro
ductive industry many who might other
wise he tempted into trading upon the mis
fortunes of their felfow-cilizens.
Among the commodities most in de
mand Just now is news—particularly intel
iigenccof the fire anti’iis sequences. It is
this insatiable demand, and the narrow
ness of the facilities now at hand for mak
ing newspapers, which lias induced people
to pay 'from five to ten prices for The
Tiuiiune, and even for the smaller sheets
which are offered on the streets The p lib
tic should understand, however, that .this
is entirely a speculation of the newsboy s,
and not of the publishers. The Tkiih:xe
has been and will continue to be furnished
at the regular price by the single number,
as fast as printed, to all who can succeed in
gaining a position at the doors of our office
of publication. We hope, moreover to
commence serving tbepapor to subscribers
at their residences to-day.
PROMPT KINDNESS.
Among the I many id ad and generous
offers of assistance which have come to
us from our brethren of the press iu all
parts of Hie country, we wish to make
fitting acknowledgment to our namesake.
Tim Tuiuvnk, of New York- The fore
man or their composition room, Mr. Thomas
Hooker, telegraphed, on the 10th, that they
had on hand various fonts of type ready
for use which would bo forwarded inr
mediately if needed. The despatch, owing
to the immense pressure upon the tele
graph wires, did not reach us till the 12th,
when wd had already provided ourselves
with all that was immediately necessary to
meet the emergency; blit ive are none the
less grateful for the prompt and generous
offerofotir New York friends;'''
fOBEIHN I.OASS.
IJrlvatt: despatchcsfrqm responsible per
sonsjn hendon Jard- Liverpool Indicate
unimpaired confidence by tile capitalists of
those cities in Hie future of Chicago, and it
is suggested that it would be well if some
of tboseJargcly-intcmtcd in the rebuilding
of'tlie' destroyed districts should select
some of their number, well known, to pro
ceed to the Eastern cities and to England
ambpresent, personally, the condition of
affaire. The confidence in-Chicago which
is generally felt can be greatly strength
ened by the detailed information anil facts
which can best be presented by responsi
ble men, such as Mr. W. B. Ogden and
oiliers, who are well known in the finan
cial world. There is no doubt that alf the
money needed for restoration could be
obtained on reasonable terms by those own
ing the real estate which is to be improved.
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS
We have been informed upon good au.
thority that arrangements are maturing for
the investment of a large amount of East
ern capital in the erection of hotels and
stores in: the neighborhood of :the new
business quarter west of the burnt district
Our commerce should hot be permitted to
leave us, and every effort should be made
to meet its requirements.
Mr. Philo Carpenter is obtaining plans
and estimates for tbc conversion of his ele
gant new block of marble buildings on
West Washington street, between May
and Ann streets. Into a first-class hotel. The
front on Washington street is 250 feet, and
the block is built of Athens stone. It will
make one of the finest hotels in the North
west.
JEST AND GENEROUS.
That a much larger amount ol the in
surance on the late losses in this city will
be paid than was at first thought even
possible, is now certain. Among the
most gratifying positive assurances that
have reached us is that from the North
British and Mercantile Insurance Com
pany of London. This company has tele
graphed to their agents here, Messrs. S.
M. Moore Co., to draw upon them at
sight for $5,000 for the sufferers by the
fi'C. and to proceed at once to adjust ad
risks in thoir office which will be paid in
full, dollar for dollar. These losses amount
to not less than two and a hall millions,
and the .North Briiish and Mercantile can
pay them without disturbing, in the least,
their' American securities.
RELIEF.
The magnitude of the relief work m»y
be estimated Irom a glance at the opera
tions of tho. government depot on -Eliza
beth street,-near tbe'east'bank of tberiver.
The officials there unloaded CO ears oa
Wednesday ;-50 yesterday, and will unload
about 70 to-day. A, large prop orthiu. o
the later reeefpts-consist of clothing and
bedding; those of the first day were most
ly provisions. They have already distribn
ted about 100 car loads The churches arc
all reported to bo in good sanitniy condi
tion. The officials announcc.that they will
honor all orders for supplies, Istued by
cleigjmen, if presented at ihe depot
CASUALTIES.
Tho ibHowiop patient* are In Ward 0 or the Cltr
Hospital.
CharlesTCattcUng.bnrncd in a stable on the late
shore.
Charles Mcintrrc, homed at Metropolitan Hall,
Thomas McQolnan. homed at 133 West Klnzlo
street, and three of tho crew of the acboooer Ells*
worth scorched near Twelfth street.
James Dlvario, bnmed sevorly on the corner of
Polk and Clark streets, while trying to save bis for
nllnre v Feet badly burned.
In Ward C arc James Frank Blake, bnmed In the
face and hands.
Henry Gaylord. No. 43 North State street, badly
burned on the face and hands at his residence.
Peter Clark. No. 124 North Market street, homed
in the head, face and hands.
Jamci* McArthur, awaUcrln theTremont House,
Is among the lost. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren. OhariesMcArthnr, a brother orjames. wal
ler in the Matteson Honee, wal also among the
victims. Charles left no family.
George Bead, an Englishman, employed In Lilt's
brewery, was fonnd homed to a cinder, yesterday
morning. His skull and limbs were lying some
distance from the body.
Tho only dead bodies yet recognized are those of
Mr. U. 0. Ull man and of Mr. George Heart.
A man named Dewey, whose office was la
Speed’s block, on Dearborn street, near Madison,
was acen to Jump from a window of the fourth
story. Into the Dearborn School yanl, to escape be*
Ing burned to death. He was
carried into Back Raynor's dreg
•lore, corner of Dearborn and Stale streets, where
he died In a few moments. A*, that establishment
was «oon after burned, his body most have been
consumed. He leaves two children on the West
Side.
THE SUFFERERS.
or niiMnar Housex
v',‘ «1 Toyed by.ilio Great
rice
The following Is a list of the principal business
firing whose stores and stock«f goods were burned.
In addition to them, there were In Ibc neighbor;
hood of five thousand wholesale firm* who did a
limitedbnslnees, and retail dealers, which arc not
Shea:
agricultural implements.
.Atwater JfcCb., *275 Randolph; Baicheßer* Sons,
3o bomb Water; Blymcr, -Fearing Co„ Sebur;
amerson. Slaflbrd Jt Co-, m Lake ;xMlller Bros.
Keel. 65 State; The Jbhaaton Harvester, SI Lake;
TBtoo Co„ 540 Lake.
AUCTION' AND COMMISSION.-
lf 'yard.Stanfor A Riddle, 145 Madison. W. A.
Batters Co., li Randolph. J. B. Chambers Co..
142 Clark. Colby Wirt*. 44 Dearborn. Alfred
Day Co., His,Clark Fay Cambridge. ICS Boar
jHjrn. H. Jfcltpan Co., 151 LaSalle- C. M. GIN
•bert, 42 USalle. Geo. P. Gore A Co., 26 Randolph.
*S; Jf itofley, 128 Clark. E. A. Jewel. 36 North
,V£rk. W. B. Langley, ITC Qlark/ J. U. Ndwion.
Well*. Reel Co.. 35:.Ran
dolph. Peter Smith, 75 Clark. Julius Speyer. 147
Randolph.
T r BANKERS.
J, M. Adsit, r 39 Clark. Badger* Co.. 51 Dear
bom. Baxter Co., 144 Washington. 11, Claiip-
A> t i r v i, u^e t Clark. Collins Ullnan* 34 Clark.
Held, King* Co., SUteand Wasblngtoq. C. Fol
liMbc SuO, do. n. Greenehaum Co., Lake
and Lahile. Lunt. Preston Koan, 47 Clark.
C.L.Nrrhoff*Oo.,iff LaSs«o.> J.R. Shipherd
o o« 155 LaSalle. Lazarao Silverman Co.. 157
Randolph. J. s. Whitcomb Co., S3 Clark. Fcrd.
V m*low, 2 Clark.
HILLIARD MATERIALS.
KlPcaian Co., 143 Randolph: "’Julius Balke,
i»» Washington. Emanuel Brunswick, 13 La-
Salle. J. M. Brunswick
Pare 7d LaSullo. Stoll Berllcn; 16S Michigan.
Adolph Zeller. 143 State. b
BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURERS.
Cameron. Amber? .Botlman, 1U Madleon.
Cox, Henderson Co., lob Dearborn. Culver,
Pago lloyau, 120 Monroe. J. W. Middlelon. 145
Dearborn. Rand. McNally Co. 53 Clark. J. 11.
roa l P°-« 117 Dearborn. Smoal, Rebanks
to., t>l Dearborn.
T BOILER MAKERS.
John Schneider Co.. 61 Michigan:
__ BOOKS AND STATIONERY. 1
ifethodist Book Concern. Wa-blagton atreot.
Interior Printing Company, 164 Clark. Menning*
Schick, 100 Madison. Callaghan Cockcroft, 80
Bearburn. B, Meyer*. Da Ameri
can Tract Society. Cobb Bros., 31 lake. £a»tmau
Blanchard, 144 Lake Qltchcock Walden, 66
a»bingtyfj. W. D. Kenc Cooke. l|s Stare
street. SwodiVh Lutheran Publication Society. 139
North Clark. The Western News Company, 123
State. S. C. Griggs Co.. 117 State.
BOOTS AND SHOES—WHOLESALE.
Miller, Smith Co., 122 Clark. Pa-’c Bro.
Co,, 50 Lake. Bullock Bro*.. 86 Lake. Cro**,
Stulle Cass, 64 Michigan avenue. W- S. Crow
ley, 24 South Water. Cummings Co.. M Lake,
poggett Co., 31 Lake. C., IL Fargo Co., 46
Randolph. Grecmfcldcr, llosomhal JtC0.,46 W’a
ba*h avenno. C.'AI.- llondcraon, 78 WabAfh. C.
B. Sawyer* Co., 40 Lake. W'cago Co.. 71 Wa
.Whitney. Bro*^-46- Wabash, avenue. Goldman
Bros., 43 Lake. McAuley Co., 60 Wabash av
enue. Morrill Co., 146 Lake. Hall Harlow,
45 Wabash, avenue. Thompson *Co 42 Ran*
T. B. Weber Co., 7 Lake. Wlawal!*
C0.,;58 Wabash avetme. Phelps, Dodge Pai-
Wabtsh avenue.
BRASS FOUNDERS.
J. Schaumburg* Co., Michigan »od Franklin,
behoenborger Brvsnl. 25 Michigan. Walworth,
r urse Co.. 225 Lake. Sovlll Manufacturing Co
105 Randolph,
breweiuks.
C.Bulii Co., 209 Kituiti. Doyle Co., 41#, 1
North Stale. Back Brewing Co.. 449 to 495 North I
btate, Llll's Brewing Pluo and Chlo»/o
avenue, bands* Ale Co., Pearaon and I*)no. Nu«
dlnoi Knpepflo, 449 Larrabro. Mar tlrv'sci’.
Eim. near the lake. Union Bruvrcrv, 4*l .Stvth
state.
BROKERS.
J. P. N fchols, 00 Dearborn. A. J. Coo A Oo„
ISI VVashingiun. Smith* Cadwoll. I*l D./nroorn.
Snyder Leo, 4 Metropolitan Block. i Meii |W*.
A. C. Reed. 15(1 Wjjth'tigtnu.
tt^ a l e alsou Cu m 110 LaSalle. W. P. Wright,
HD Washington.
BUSINESS COLLEGES.
Bryant Cha»eV, Uyb
renfurths, Randolph.
CABINET MAKERS.
Kroeben Broa., rear nfSberman House. Ru.hutl
Rceo. S3l Stale. J. Lnd«r!*, 3U3 Lake. Jatnn
Arnold, 1&) LaSalle. Jamca Thorn, Fourth
avenue.
OABRtAOE BtULDERS,
Bradley Jt Smith, 105 Stale: T. U. Brown. 11
Adame. A. Clark. 13 North Welle. Coan i Toil
Bcoyko, €9 Adani*. Cunningham Sou, Jb7 State.
11. J. Edwards, 72 Adams. W. Krby, 295 Nonh
Wells. Qerbcr, Wilson Co., 83 Franklin. Fletch
er* Lazcar. 45 Kaudolph. Uayde O'Brien. 98
Quincy. 11. B. Hill. 24ul>eaibom. Lock *Thoron
quest, 63 North Wells. IL McParlano, 847 Statu.
Pouuoyer Co., 827 Wabash avenue. I’. Smith
Co., 51 North Weils.
CHEMISTS,
d. V. Z. Blinoy. J43 Madison. M Dotafontainc.l-i-l
Jladlscn. u. A: Mariner, J33 Dearborn. J. E. Ful
ler Co., Wfi Dearborn. Garden City Chemi
cal Works, 34 South Water. Garrison Mur
ray'lb7 Clark. J. M. Ilirah Co.. 188 Lake. J.
Rocmhuld Co.. 210 Illinois. E. 11. Ssigout
Co.. State and Randolph. Stein. Hirsh Co. 39
LaSalle.
CHINA, GLASSWARE,* *C.
HcnHck Sarto?. 50 Lake; I. P. Bowen *Cd„
10? Wabash avenue; UuHey jt Tyrml, 48 Lake'; F.
Jaeger. 73 Wabash avenue; Ketcbum Martin, 40
Randolph; A. Lichensteiu x Co., ITT Randolph;
11. P. slerrlll Co.. SO Lake A. Peck, TU Lake
Vergho, RahUng* Co.. lU4 Lake.
CIGARS AND TOBACCO.
SeWmflermao. 137 Lako. Stanton Co., Clark
and Madlso", ISS Lako, 41) State. S. S. Case A Co..
149 S. Water. D. C. Foote. 37Randolph. Welnreb
A Alfinger* 59 S. Water. Uibbun A Co., S3 Michi
gan avenue. J. C, Partridge. 50 Dearborn. S.
Rothschild A Co., 10 Slate. Goldsmith A Co., SS
Washington. N. B. Hammond. 54 LaSalle. E.
Hoffman. 137 Randolph. Q. C. Ledyard. 156 Lake.
Q. Laersson.4B Clark. J. H. Meyer. 7D Dearborn.
J. S. Roberson A Bro., 354 Lake. Weiner A Co„
176 Uandolph.
CLOAK AND SHAWL EMPORIUMS.
Field. Loiter js Co., State and Washington.
Hotchkln. Palmer A Co.. 91 Slate. J. W. Urtnwo)d
C<a, GO Wabaab avenue.
CLOCKS. j
American Clock Co., 103 Lake. Waterbary Clock
Co., 11l Lake.
CLOTHING.
Cahn Co., 62 Wabash ar. Clayburgh Co.,
27 Lake. Clement. Morton Co., 29 Randolph.
Fichtenberg.Bips.. 20 lake. C. P. Kellogg A
Co., 26 Lake. U.W.Klng* Co., 8 Lake. A. H.
Kahn, 11 Lake.' H. A. Kobn.'ds Bros., 14 Lake;
Leopold Kuh Co., St Lake. -S. 'Liberman, 15
Lake. A. Loots.'44 Lake. Melzcr ASniky, 30
Lake. Shoyer A Co.. 49 State. SSmou Strauss
Co., 16 Lake. O, Sommerfleld Co., 54 Wabash
ar. Tuttle A Co, GO Lake. Jf. D. Tenr, 118 Ran
dolph. A. D. TllawOf lb, 160 Clark.
CLOTHS AND CASSIUERES.
Biddle A Hunt, 45 Lake. Field, Benedict A Co.,
SG Lake. E. 11. Harding, 4 .Washington. S.
Qcidmcycr, 1&4 Randolph.
COAL DEALERS.
Wilmington Coal Co., No. 2 W. Von Burco. J.
L. Hathaway, 44 Market. B. Holbrook, 176 Canal.
Indiana Pioneer Coal Co„ Lake street bridge. W.
E. Johnson. JSB S. Canal Robert Law, 2SO
Madison, T. A. Lemmon, 180 S. Canal- A. B.
Meeker A Co., 7 North Market. W. JL Olcott, lUB
LaSalle. Pratt Bros., 17 Chicago av. A. D.
Waldron A Co.. Kingsbury at.
commission Merchants.
E. K. Bruce, 19U LaSalle. R. P. Barber A Co.
154 Washington, and 850 others.
CROCKERY AND GLASSWARE.
It Abbey A Co- 129 to 137 North Water. Ira
P. Bowen A Co., 107 Wabash av. P. A Jaeger.
73 Wabash av. Johnson A Abbey, 31 River. Sf. B.
ParkhurHt, 83 Michigan av. Eaton A Brown, 71
Randolph. A. Pick, 70 lake. H. Frledmau, 200,
North Clark.
CUTLERY. j’
Randal). Hall A Co., IG6 Randolph. Chicago
Cutlery Manufacturing Company, J7v Randolph.
Union Knife Company, 83 South Water. Biggs,
Spencer A Co., 44 Lake. Champion. Salford A
Co., 67 State. C. Hall A Co., 243 Lake. Miller
Brothers A Keep, 55 State.
diamonds.
N. Matson A Co., U7 Lake, Wendell A Hyman,
99 Lake.
DISTILLERS AND RECTIFIERS.
E. Boss A Co. 276 Madison; Cavanagh. Bodlo A
Co., 287 North Water; Conklin 8r05..79 Wabash
avenue; Dickinson, Leach A Co., 48 Indiana; D.
H. Eaton, 82 South Water Keller’s Distillery Co.,
171 Chicago avenue J Krxefit, Rocllo A Co., S6l
Kinzlc; Tnos. Lynch. Larrabeo street; S. Myers A
Co., 270 Madison; Schwa* A C«.. 33 Michigan ave
nue; S. H. Shufeldt, 54 Sooth Water.
DRUGS, WHOLESALE.
BtUs A Sharp, 105 State; Cory. Barrett A Co.,
47 South Water; Garrison A Murray. 167 Clark;
Uurlbut A Edsall, 32 Lake; Lord. Smith A Co.,
86 Wabash avenue; Rockwood ABlockI,l901Alce:
Tolroun King, 35 roath Water; VanSehtakA
Co., 92 Lake.
DRY GOODS.
S, D. Haskell Co., 2S Randolph. D. UW S9
Randolph J. B. Pago A Co.. 77 Wabash avenue.
C. o. Ross A Co., 27 Randolph. Schrenfald Bros.
Co., 82 Wabash avenue. Wendol ACo. 68 Ran
dolph. i*. Baar, 70 Randolph. Klster A Schro
der, OS Randolph. American A Co., 39 Lake.
Bowen, Hunt A Winslow, 17 Randolph. Day, Tll
den&Co. 35 Lake. J. V.FarwcllA Co., 106 to
112 Wabash avenue, Richards, Crnmbangh A
Shaw, 37 Lake, Stonaoew Wineman, 15Lake.
Field. Letter A Co.. State and Washington, D.
W. Keith A Co., TS Wabash arcane. Rosenfcld
Co., 75 Lake. Carson, Pirie Co., 180 Slate. C.
Gossan Co., 10G Hi ale. Hamlin. Hale Co..
Wabash avenne and Washington. C. W. Pard
tldce Co., 90 State. RclosicTn c Co.. 306 Clark.
J. B. Shay, 116 Lake, Simpson. Korwell Co., 7J
elevators.
Galena Elevator. North Water; National Eleva
tor. foot of Adams; Moon &'Scott's; Armour,
Dole A Co.; E'.evator A.
ENGRAVERS.
E. Brown Co., l» La*v.; F. S. Chandler, 124
TOwhlngtoD; Chitapo Engraving Company, 66
Clark; s>. D. Childs, Jr., HTj* Randolph Repohlj
can Priming Company. JU Dt: a thorn; Western Bank
Koto Company. LaiJal Randolph.
express companies.
BrtoV's City; City Limits: Garden City; Adams
Express; American Merchants Union United
States.
FANCY GOODS.
Barnnra Bros.. 41 Lake. W. B. Clapp A Bros.,
jftj Lake. Merker Bros., 49 Lake. Richard
Schw»rt,lSe Lake. Schweitzer A Beer, ISO Lake.
F. J. Scam. 51 Lake. Stark A Allen. 109 Lake.
Verjrho IluhUog A Co., lt)4 Lake. West A Co..
140 Lake.
FARM MACHINERY.
Boal, Andrews A Cook, 100 Michigan avenue;
and ten others..
FLOUR MILLS.
B. Adama A Co., 180 N. Water. Datep.’ Whaling
Co., 208 Market. Eagle M£ls. IST S. Water, lon
1c Mills. 04 N. Dearborn. National Mills, 40 Mich
igan. Union PaciflcMille. 186 Mtmroc.
FOUNDRIES.
Foondrv Company. Kingsbury and Ohio.
Atkins Bnrgesa.6o to9u Clinton. Andrew Bolter,
174 Van Buran. Chicago Iron Works. 84 to 82
Franklin. Globe Foundry. If) Measlier Globe
Foundry No *2, 78 Illinois. Illinois IrouWorki. 174
Van Duron.
FURNACES; AND JIANG ES.
Bliss at Brown. 158 State. A.J2, Leavenworth,
.176 Lake., Lester* Co.. 19 North State.* Cushing
.Heater Company, 195 Randolph. J. ILKcvser*
Co.. 152-Lake. Uuhcl <fe Brothers, lU3 Lake. M.
Ai Thayer Co., W Monroe.
r\. _.>'F.Ott!OXURBv*
Arif. Andmtra *.Co— 111-Statc. J. Jicicwlorf,
172 Lake. 11. S. Carter *6 Co., ll»7 Lake. Colby
Wins, <l4 Dearborn. 11. Llebenstcln A Co.. 109
Randolph. Thayer Tube, 38 State. A. J. Neu
berger* Brothers. 137 Kandolph. Spratt Par
ker, jTX Randolph.
GBNIV- FURNISHING GOODS.
Dpcrwnson. Hayden Co., 3G Washington.
Damon, Temple Co., 26 Randolph. Harris
Co.. 25 Lake. Hart Bros., 28 Lake. Levi Llndauer
Co.. 2o Lake. Price Co., 43 Lake, W. O.
White Co., 42 Randolph.
GROCERS.
C. 11. Beckwith Sun», liSSouth Water. Boat
Dickinson. 212 South Water, Bliss, Moore jt
Co., 4S Michigan avenue. Benton A Pierce, SS
Michigan avenue. C. W. Church A Co., 41 South
Water. O, C. Cook Jfc Co., 90 Michigan avenue.
F. D. Cossctt A Co., 104 Michigan nvenne. Day,
Allen A Co., 40 Michigan avenue. N. C. Draper,
64 Michigan avenue. Dorantl A powers, 9 Lake.
Farrington A Co., 1 Randolph. Jas. Forsyth Co.,
4U Sooth Water. Gooltl, Bnggs* A Co., 64 Wabash
avenue. Grnnnla A Farwell. SI Randolph,
Gray Bro?., W> SHchlgan. Ilarmon A Co.. 62
River. W. M. Hoyt Co.. 43 River.
Ingraham *t Co., 46 South Water. Keilotrg A Co.
veil, 3S South Water. KUstd ilrua., 95 South Wa
ter. F. Macveagh. 38 River. McKlndloy A Co.,
79 South Water. Mead A Higgins, 55 South Wa
ter. W. J. Quan A Co., U9 South Water, Reid A
Co., 46 River. Sayj>, Gilmore A Co., 5| Michigan
avenue. J. B. Shutc. 55 LaSalle. Sibley Kbdi
cottle, 50 South Water, Smith. Brothers Co., 39
River. 11. C, Smith, ICC South Water. Warner,
Sprague A Co., G2 Michigan avenue. J. W,
SiearnaA Sons*. TTSouth Water. Stewart, Aldrich
«tCo., 73 South Water. Wells A Faulkner, 61 South
Water. P. H. Wjllard A Co., 49 South Water.
Augliinbangh A Co., 45 River. Bennett, Fuller A
Co., 36 South Water, Bit linger A Bro., 47 Michi
gan avenue. M. Graff S7 South Water.
Stanton'A Co.. Clark and Madison. Durand Broj.,
131 South Water.
GUNPOWDER.
American Powder Companv. 1 Clark, C. D.
Austin, S3 South Water- Dupont Powder Agency,
29 South Water. Laflfu Rand Powder Company,
79 South Water. The Hazard Powder Co., 3 Slate.
HARDWARE.
Edwin Hunt.* Sons, Si Lake. Jackion
BlUt*. 43 State. Larrabeo North. 174 Lake.
Tyler &®oodwartl. 41 State. Hall.Klnibark* Co.,
SI Michigan av.; Atwater Co.. 175 Ihiudolph.
Brigham done?. Luke. Bacluiuan, Carpen
ter Co.. 202 Lake. Grant McLean, 209
Lake. Hayden Kay. 47 Lake. Smith Dun
can, 248 Lake and 263 S. Water. Miller Brothera
Keep, 55 Slate. H. W. Austin, 523 S. Water.
William Blair Co.. JM Randolph. J. K.
Botsford Son, 169 Lake. Hibbard Spencer,
94 Michigan av., Brintnall Co;, 175 Lake.
Greeuebaum Sons. 2*o Randolph. Uaywoud,
Cartledge Ilonore, 41 Lake. E. limit Son*<,
84 Lake.’ J.Lofbouatein, 155 Lake. Marklcy
Cit. 51 Lake. A. E. Meat*, 13S Wabash av. See
bviccr Brcakcy, C 3 Lake, J. L. Wayne Son,
lUJ Lake \Tcetera Hardware Co., 140 Lake.
HATS AND V APS.
D. P. Brown, 3to T Lake. Cmhart. I.nrie
Co.. 13 Wabash av,. Fitch, Williams A Co ,33
Lake. Girobcl Loewenetcin, 116 Wabash av.
Innees Bros. *Co„ t5 Michigan at.- Keith Broa,.
70 Wabash av. King Bro.-. Co., 16 Lake. Sweet,
Dempster* Co., 104 Michigan av. llotcbkDr, Ed
dy Co., 116 WabiwU av.
HIDES, TALLOW, *C,
Bennett Co., 131 Kfnzfc. G. C. Chapman. 190
Washington. C. U, Cowan, 163 Klnrio. J. L,
Chapman, IfO Klnzle. Oacnsslcn Bros., 139 Kln
*lc. H. C.Tilllngbast, 141 Klnztc, and flfteen oth
ers.
JEWELLERS.
W. B. Clanp Bro., 103 like. f Giles. Bro, Co.,
85 State. Glaser, Flflold -A arenhe.
N.-Matson Co.. IIT Lake. G. McElwainc, 103
State. U. J. Morse, 120 I,ake. B. F. Norris Co..
123 Lake and 25 Clark. 11. Oppenbelmer* Co., 134
Lake. Roddm Hsmiltou. 126 Lake. Sonno
scholu TtcnUch. Lake. Stark Allen, IGO
Lake. J. P. Tyler. iuß Clark.
LAUD OIL MANUFACTORIES.
Fair bank, reck Co., 162 Lake. Goodcnow,
Hyde Co.. 415 Illinois.
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
S. ItaurvtC’o RGLako. Blackburn Bro?.,
Lake. Hath A Greiner, 59 Franklin. IL H. Helm
crdlnrer. 48 VVaba-h avenue. A. Kaltennoggor, 41)
hraukliu. 11. Kirch,infer, 212 Lake. D. Meraen
thelm AC0.,914 Lake. D, Mcnrenthelin, 943 Lake
Osborn Adam*. j.iy Lake. Page, Bro. *Co 60
I-Jike. V. L, ScUmldtull, Lake. C. Schumann
Sos Lake. Tumor Co.. 49 Lake. Wolfenstcth-r
A Talbot. 4*J Franklin. \V. Whitman*, j92 I
lUlluck heeler. 143 Lake.
LIQUORS.
D. R. Brant r. Co., 147 South Water; Chapin t
C.ure, rwSlate; Hibbcn Co.. Michigan av.:
Milan Br«u*.. 129 LaSalle; McGuire Bros., TiOSouth
Water; tV endulin Meyer, 75 Chicago av,: Koth-
Certer g£w». 145 Madison; Schtlbor*. Gerlach.l4
Rnah; Shimon *S Co 49 State; Hugh Turner, SO
Clark;Taruey *lLivard, 59 South Water; S, J.
L liman* Co., 272 Madison.
LITHOGRAPHERS.
nrcmmwiuo, I«l Lake, Chicago Lithograph
l? sL .V 154 Ch ;‘f- Conk i Co., 88 LaSalle.
Great V> esiern Lithographing Company, 158 Wash-
Ington. Merchant*' Lithographing Com nan v. PS
Randolph J W. Middleton, 14.4 Dearborn. Chas.
Shoher. UP Randolph.-'The Union Eugravin* and
Lithographing Company, 1(53 LaSalle, Western
Bank Note and Engraving Company. 97 Clark.
LIVERY STABLES.
Cox Co., 10 Soulß Wator., UanchotL Carter
State. P.J. Heftier. North Clark-. J/j!
Howes.^Franklin.- -A.-Lingie, 159 Dearborn.
Naibtiu Morgan. 55 Nonh -Well*-. Charlo- Nan, 915
VVaahrogton. Win. Newton A Co., M Madison L.
H.Rindge. 102 State. Suwyer Brown, Clark and
Dearborn. Scball Trudell, 7T Randolph W
Schum&n. !(i\an Bureo. Smith Fla"3 ‘'lb In',
diana. Stanford Co., 10 South Water, arid twen
ty others.
lumber dealers.
K. K. Bickford A Co., foot ol Franklin Add!-
son Ballard. 14« Market. Claflln Foss, Canal
and Van Buren. Eliah Eldred, Fifth avenoo and
f King. 558 Sherman. A.B.Johu
*tm, *4B Wngidmry. PiHsbnry. Bradley Co., 18
Franklin, liyerson A Johnson. U Chicago arcane.
machinery.
t Frank-pottglas, 190 Lake, J. A. Fay Co.. 183
Lake. W.A. James* Co.. Ifls Lake. C.L. Kico
Co., Mtulwon, E. £J. Good* Co. Mich
lean. ionhwo«icrn Mamifacrnrim: Company. JOO
Mfldl-on, Savage Uro., 44 .Michigan. A. .Srvcr
s°o,4l traoklln. Clark. Abbott JfcCo., CiMadi
eon. Waiworth, Furau Jb Co.. 225 Lake.
MALT.
Cha«. Pope, W North Staid, Koch Pope, 205
North Clark, aud many others.
MARBLE-WORKERS.
J. E. Cassidy, 331 Stale. Chicago Marble
Granite Mannfacumnij Company, 19TWashington.
D. H. Dickinson. 313 to 3UrNorth Water 1 L
powan, 146 to 152 North Water. A. Meilck 84
Market. J. L. Scbnreiaan, SIS Clark. Sherman
Marble A Co., 223 State. NlcboU Co.,£oNorih
Clark.
MILLINERY AND STRAW' GOODS.
D. B. Fisk A Co., 55 Lake. Gage Brothers A
Co., 7S Lake. Hayes Co.. 107 State. Heilbron
A Brother. 76 Lake. Hopson A Co.. 74 State
Hotchkln. PalmerACo.. 91 State. F. Lehman. 66
Lake. Ltltauer Baum. 72 Lake. MayhonACo
77 Wabash avenue. Michel Brother*. 82 Lake!
Henry O B Hen, isr State. P. Person. 181 Lake.
J. J. Q. Schoon. 75 Lake. C. J.
True, 79 Lake. Walsh A Hutchinson. GO Lnkc.
Hebster Brothers. 84 Wahnsb avenue. \V. H. A J
M. Wetberall. 84 to 96 Wabash oven tie.
MOULDINGS AND PICTURE FRAMES.
R.B. Appleby, 111 Wabash avenue, J. Arnold.
231 North ells. C. Brachvogel. 141 Lake. O.
Ku 1 (or A Co., 17 Illinois, Rice A Thompson, 137
Lake.
MOWERS AND REAPERS.
•B. Ball Washington. C. H. TtfcCor
mick. Water and Rush. Seiberllng’a Excelsior
Reaper and Mower. 14 North Canal.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
J. Banor A Co., 69 Washington. Lyon A Healer
150 Clark Root A Cady. 67 Washington. J. H.
Foote, 49 Dearborn. W. W. Kimball,
ton. W elnbold A CO., 163 Clark.
r- NAILS. WHOLESALE.
~™l- Kioibark Co.. IM Mfehino-sr. Jefferson
Nall Workn, 55 State. Miller Bros. A Kccn,ss
State. Soaborgor A Broakly, 62' Lake.
NEWSPAPERS AND PUBLICATIONS.
'Art Review. U5 Madfton. Augustona. 139 Clark
Bouquet Programme, 115 Madison. Chicago Ad
vcrtlror, 172 LaSalle. Board of Trade Report, 114
Madison. Chicago Collector. 145 Madison. Com
mercial Bulletin. 158 Washington. Commercial
Express. 114 Madison. Chicago Democrat, 154
Washington. Drv Goods Prlceldsi. 45 Madison.
Evening Journal. Mall. Evening Host. Homo Jour
nal, Journal of Commerce, Legal Nctt-s, Chicago
Magazine, Medical Times, Railway .Review. Re
pumican, Chicago Uuloa, Chicago Cynnaorw Com*
Rapon «d Mukct cSh’mS-
Honai Review. Die Fric Pressc. Evening Lamp,
Everybody a Paper. The Fremad, Gamla Och Nva
Gem of the Wo»t, Heavenly Tidings, Homo Circle'
and Temperance Oracle, Stoats Zeltnmr. Volka
Zeltung, Lakeside Monthly, Lire Boat
Lyceum Banner. Manford’s Magazine
Missionareu. National Prohibitionist; Na
tional Sunday School Teacher. -North.
\\cstcro Christian Advocate, Northwestern Re
view. Nyayerlden, Oat Boys, Present An, Rail--
road Gazette. Real Estate and Bnildlng Journal
Rcligio-Philosophicat Journal, School Festival
Sherman’s. Railroad Guide, Svensfca Americana;
the Advance, the American Builder, the Arts, the
Bright Side, the Catholic Wecklv, Chicago Week
ly. Chicago Ledger. Chicago Mercantile Journal
Chicago Times, Chicago TRIBUNE. IhnChronlcle.
the Doctetor, the Family Circle, the Herald
the Independent, the Interior, the Land Owner,
the LandoworibandHausfreund, the Little Cor
poral. the Mechanic and Inventor, the National
the New Covenant, the Prairie Farmer, the Peo-
Slc’t Weekly, the Present Age. the Reporter, the
cstltnlion. the Spectator, the Standard, the Sun
day School Helper, the Workingman's Advocate
the Young Messenger. Western Catholic, Western
Railway Guido. Western Rural, Voapg Polks' Ru
ral, Young Pilot,
NOTIONS,
M.Cohen, 72Lake J. a. Cowles. 49 S. Water;
Frank A Co„ 82 Wabash avenue; Field, LelterA
Co„ State and Washington; Statisancrs Wine
man. J7 Lake; J. M. Stine Co., 3* Randolph:
Vergho. Rubllng A Co., iw Like; W. C. Watson,
10 State.
ORGANS AND MELODEONS.
W. W. Kimball, 63 Washington; O. C. Koonfel
147 Clark; O. A. Ptlncc A Co., 89 Wcshincton'
Root <t €*dr, 67 Washington H. L.'Story A Co
47 Dearborn ;J. U. Wolcott. lUI State.
PAINTS AND OILS.
Chase. Hanford A Co., 51 S. Water: Lord, Smith
Co., Mi Wabash avenue; Paire A Sprajjac. 14
Dearborn: G. NV.Pitkin, 19 Dearborn; C.T. Kay.
nolds, 59 Michigan avenue; Van Sehaack. Steven
son «S Reid. 91 Lake; .1. P. Were, 23 Market: Al
ston. Ucvoe A Co., ITS Randolph; Hansen A
Waldhanaer, 131 K. Clark Ueaib A Milligan, ITS
Randolph.
PAPER AND BAGS.
Wwiirht A Co., 146 Monroe; Bart. Astcn A Co..
ISIS. Water. Q. K. Noyes 13 Market. Wheeler
A Ulnraan. 22 Michigan avenue. Northwest Paper
Co., 140 Monroe. J. K. Pettibone, 106 Ran
dolph. Hatfield A Blanchard, 77 Wabaah
•vonne. L. G. Hogco. 106 Lake.
Ritchie A Back. 88 Michigan ar. Rock River Pa
per Co, 75 Wabash av. Badger A Hilton. 26 Mich
igan av, Bradner, Smith A Co.. 112 Madison J.
W. Cutler X Co., no Monroe. Cameron «t C0..11l
Madison. Cleveland Paper Co., 94 Washington
Cnlvcr. Page A Hoyne. US Monroe. O. 11. t
44 State. Northwest Paper Co., 140 Monroe, and
thirty others.
PLANING MILLS.
A. L. Brown, 812 Van Boren.' Ca?per Hahn, 34
Clyboimc av Lull Holme;. 9,0 S. Canal, Nonl,
Mi u Pinning Mill. Hi lu ISiOhiu. Loner, Kraii
ard Cp.».o» I-orgner.
PRINTERS. v
J). A. Cafhiafln, 52 .Madison. Dunlop. Rcade
Brewster. l«a Clark. Jaxd c -ou Morse, Jl2 MadK
“fc«J»fdoPnDtinij Co.,liupcarliorn. hand.
AlcNalty.* Co., ami one hundred others.' j
l PRLNTINU PRESSES.
Jl2 Maili-on. Mariier. EumT*'
vo., in Monroe.
_ RAILROAD OFFICES.
Baltimore Ohio. Chicago Biirlh.~fnn
Quincy. Chicago, Danville Vincennes, ijhlcogo
llck c ai Vhicano SmZh.
anJ offlrns 1 0 I< 2 Ck land s tociflc, ik-poi
T™.Sr u .f c “lnr*huieLine. Erie. Grand
rank. Hannibal st. Joseph. Illinois Central
depot and offices. LakeSfc M} c hh Jn sSSh
ern depot and olllces. PhiaWU* CinSuml
\vi iMuu uillce. Colon Central Paclflc
H isconsin Central. Chicago. Alton £St S t|s‘
ohU ™lnj!nfStei
RAILROAD SWPUES.
C l a^
V H r ;VV>‘ nU l! ilftl,l>c k Wheeler, Lake*
Mareb QomlnUßß. SS« Soalh Water
Goodriilitc, 93 Suulb Water. S. Ir lea HVslf
tagton. C. L. Klee Co.. 103 MadKS
RESTAURANTS.
O ns John Wright. 65 Wa-hin-.
four oSera.' kJn v 93 al)n3h uveouo, and .in J.
SASH, DOORS. AND BUNDS
“d Indiana. Coombs
v ‘w a *ber, John McCwen, 243
nSfi h 'S° h o N S nl SWe Plbning Mill. Hi to Jiu
?*!i°- F -Koelle.33oboutb Canal. Uoltzlamlor
.boom Canal. Scheffer, Rupp
to., 219 Sooth Wafer, and twenty other*. 1 i
SCALE MANUFACTURERS.
Fairbanks GrcenJeaf* Co.. 139 Slate J F
Forayth Co., 17J Lake. Hone Scale Co., 234*
Lake. Ictor Scales, 153 State.
SEWER PIPE AND DRAIN TILE,
James Clark Son, S5 Market. Cook Co.. 259
i JSiw' 11 Dt ,e *Jos Monroe. Chas. Glad
°lQ,s* Joliet Mound Co., Market
and Washington.
SEWING MACHINES.
vEjna Sewing Machine Co., 146 State. American
Button Hole, 17UState. Thcw. Barrows Co., ifll
Washington. Blee*«Sewing Machine Co., J72Sia«e
Davis Sewing Machine Co., 161 state. Ellintlc
Sewing 3UehinL\ 12! Wabash aveune. Empire,
North Clark. i, s,
Wasliln-Jon, Anhiu, Futrar Co 100
,V" n 01 at hiEgton. Fiorenco
Se\rin a .Machnit. 1 ,43 Madison. (>rover Dakar. liG
WasliiUiilOD. Hinkley Kumin- ]S*l Dearborn.
Manbailan Aoirjnff. 3f Macllron. .Melanin Houf-
Tby Howe, lor Slain. ThS W I«n.
IPJMabasb avenno. Weed, 131 Lake. We,tern
Empire. 113 Madtron. Wheeler Wilaon H«
iflmra VIICOI 16 Gib 131 Uk an<l I "'™J
STATIONERS.
*f 0 -Mndison. E. A. Cock Co..
K#-, J. M. M. JoDL-r, HO Randolph. J.
S ,^i aUI 1°!; 'i 5 Donrboru. Willard Docker.
MLakv. J. 11. Small Co., 117 Dearborn: and
urteen others.
STEAM BOILERS,
,ia c u hmilh Co.. IS7 Dearborn. E. J.
2"°*! ia to as Michigan. Murphy Tar
«m. Michigan and Franklin. Poalio Son, CO
Michigan, savage Bro., 41 Michigan.
STEAMSHIP LINES AMD OFFICES.
Anchor Line, Madison and USalle. Inman Line,
Clark. Montreal Chicago, 166 LaSalle. Na
tional Steamship Company, Madison and La Salle
STORES.
Bundctt,'Smith Co.. 40 Rhor street. HU-
Stove Company, 222 Washington. J. H. Kot
ser* Lck. 153 Lake. Morrison Colwell, 156
Whitehead, 242 Lake and
237 South Water. W. J. Fry. 157 Dearborn. AE
v* 4 ML WOrIh 17(5 Ws* T Boal Co- 100
Michlfxin avenno. h Hafneworth Son. 81 Mar
*Po r^ C t Pnm Wentworth
Co„ 198 Lake. J. P. Rathbonc Co.. 100 Mlch
avcmi°- S- H- Ransom Co., 8 River. White
Rotfeman, 200 Lake.
STRAW GOODS.
JV- '"“S.* c<a M Uke. Ucwcs s Pros
cott, 143 Lake. D. B. Fjsk*Co., 55 Lake. Slo*
cam Brothers, 52 Lake, and many others.
SUGAR.
J. n. Doaham, 6 State. A. 11. Pratt. 45 Rtvnr
S. B. Raymond. 49 Sooth Water. Sltlmore Steam
Sorar Refinery, SI South Water, H. C. Carter S
Michigan avecuo. W. 11. Colvin, 49 South Water
MERCHANT TAILORS.
«£jffi7SShgssss?* ass E, r
?ud fifty Bnil n bu ld^
TANNERS.
BonnoU Co.. ISO Klnalc. Chicago Tnnnin-
Worke SM Lake; Grey. Clark Co nil l,t,r
Gror. Sfatahal Co., 3f> Fifth avenue. Hach
Gr o\n®r, 22 Franklin, nammonfi Bro. llllnoia
Man fet w H it nifioaml leather Comnauy. at I,a
Salle. Walker. Oakley Co., 177 Lake J Well
i Broa.. SWLdko. and many ithera
_ _ TEAS, WHOLESALE.
South atcr Cnra-
SXi 1; iUchl n avenno, B. B. Boynton Jb Co!,
til Michigan avenue. F, a, Bravmor ,t Cn tj
Chleannt CIS”" Conmany 4
10 South Water. 3. V. Clark. 110 South Water
i° cS Br SB wJs W Bmth WdKr Bana, Uvde
ai. O'- JJ lllcbl ean avenue. Great East 'ln
dll Ten Companv 110 Clark. J. A
M v,PJ, ro(a 58 Hi»f- Hlbbctt
f .-,5? ollchlgan avenue. C. E. Bill iCo at
Sonth Hater. Ingraham, Corbin i May, -1C Vo it h
furly o'thcPi”' Co 46 Wabathavenue, and
TELEGRAPH COMPANIES
Atatl“'^Vn a Lr n S r m WetlCrn
TIN PLATE.
Wm. Bla ir Co., I«I Randolph. Leoberger
Rrotker, 62 Lake, Frank Sturgcs, 112 hluuroc.
Iron Clad Can Co.. 236 loiko. Scavcy Co.. 173
MS Br 9 Laku H B Cn ia Co
TOBACCO MANUFACTURERS
All f n Kill., 37 Rlvor Vck Worth, 39
SyrtiffS ,ve ne Grc »t 'Voilom Tobacco Works!
£6O KJozlo. Grcstio, Humphrey A Co., lai iw r
Michigan avenue. J. B
MeUridtt Co.. 135 Sooth LaSilla Murrav A v«.
5? HiV. 6 r No i! h W,t l r v, s P al<lil) 8 Merrick; 9 and
II Hirer. Sfranas A Co., ley Sooth Water
__ _ _ tobacco, wholesale.
Do Moth* Co.. 167 South Water. J. W. Fox
Soa, 45 CUrk. J. Friedman. 85 Michigan avenue.
Uto bboro Tobicco lVorks, M South Walor. il“c
■wenuo. Rothschild
J T;," Rn w W Michigan avenue.
i' B i !!l r Tnunji Miller, 53 Uan
dolph. S. S.CISQ i Co., 149 South Water. Wrluht
SouUi^Vater 3 Soath fltcr 3. Kaaproiuiu. 117
_ tot*’ wholesale.
Bani“ Brother*, 41 Lake, llcnrlcbs Sow ag,
56 Lake. Schweitzer Boer. 150 Lake
Rubllng Co., 1& Lake. d
TRUNKS.
Beckor Eopwell. 297 Clark. D. It Crcgo. 81
Randolph. O. W. Havel, 361 Clark. Haskell
Hro. f 1!» State and 39 Dearborn, U. Vblecr Jt Co
197 to 203 N. Wells and JO Lake. T. Will, Lake
and Slate and SM N. Clark, and twelve others
t WAGON MANUFACTURERS.
Joaeph Crook. 459 Division. J. FleckU, 213
lliiroD. Friedrich* Sleoen.3l Indiana. E Han
lon. 134 Illinois. Koch Kohnes. 118 N. Wells
X Kuhnen Co., 211 N. Clark. R. Martin, 253
Kinzio. Mitchell Knlbel. 422 N. Wells. Reason
liroß. Co.. 228 to I3J Chicago avenue. Seriht
Gcbhardi, 222 Michigan. Peter Schufficr, corner
Randolph and Franklin, and ten others
WALL PAPER.
I. P. Bowen *Co., 107 Wabash avenue. S. F.
Chase Walker, 109 Randolph, p. E Rl"hy bit
Randolph. McGrath. 76 Randolph.
WHITE LEAD.
Alston, A Co.. 172 Randolph. Ueaih A
‘Milligan, 170 Randolph. J. P, Warren A Co., 173
Randolph. Western White Lead Company, corner
of So parlor and Kingsbury.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
B. Babcock A Co., 88 Dearborn, Cincinnati Wine
RI Michigan avenue. W. Maguire A Co., 241 Sooth
Water. Perkins, Stern A Co.. 87 Washington.
Turney A Howard, 69 South Water, and fifty-six
others.
WIRE.
John Booth, 179 Lake. Clinton Wire Cloth Co..
175 Randolph. Jonea A Price, 18 Franklin. K. T.
Bneh A Co., 16 Dearborn. Woven Wire Mattress
Co., 109 Dearborn. A. W. Obermao, 33 North
Clark. Excelsior Wire Works. 179 Lake.
_ WOODEN AND WILLOW WARE.
Thomas Althorp. C6Michigan avenno. L. Gould
A Co.. 57 Sooth Water. Mara ton A Peck Bros.,
55 Michigan avenue. W. A. Mowry, 68 South
Water. Vollor, Davla A Co., 35 Snath Water J.
P. A J. E, White, 107 Sooth Water.
WOOL.
Chicago Wool House, 27 and 29 Randolph. M.
Lewis, 78 La Salle. Wm. Miller A Co., 46 Mlebl
gm avenue. T. H. Huescy, 163 Klnzio. J. H
oward A Co.. 120 South Water. TUlingbaat,
Allen A Co., SiTMfchlffan-avenoc; and 16 others.
THE WATER WORKS.
An Engine Expected from si.
Lon!s—Condition of
the Knins.
I* was 3 o'clock on Monday mojjJing before ihc
flro began to approach tho Water Works. At that
Utaolho engines were working splendidly, the
tanka wore foil of t water, and they had hopes that
they would be able to keep np the accustomed
M they would, fi aft probability, had
it not been for the roof. >oono had ever expected
so severe a conflagration as the one lust oxocri
enccd, and a few years ago when LlU's brewery
caught Are, and the old shingle roof
ft 4Vl th water Works wna blazing
In tblrtoo ll place*, Creator wag able to pot It out
with bis steam nnrnp. So tbo board, in roofing ,he
new building, find It constructed entirely of wood
It was roofed with pine, contained numbers of
places of 34x16 stuff and porlins. There was al«o
a lath and plaster celling in part. This great
mass of woodwoik comprising the Immense scan
of tho roof was thorooghly seasoned by thehcatof
engines—was ready for the flames. The flooring
was also of Georgia pine. In the rear wore sheds
covering some heaps of anthracite coal.
The are. passing over Lill’g brewery and the
building Joel west of it, seized upon the gaiters of
the roof, and, running rapidly around, ate its way
through Into the interior while crawling up ibe
roof. It was not very lung before there was a per
fect caloriduct, and tho whole snpersinctare was
a mass offlamos. The engineer and firemen held
out as long a- they could, hat. at half-past 8, were
forced off, most of them taking refuge behind tbo
water-tower. They shot off steam fast
before tho steam pipes were broken,
bat after many of the ropes were
horned, opened tho safety valves, and left things
In a* good shape as possible. They were nlicriy
nnahle to put oat the fire, not having all the hose
they needed, and even had they been successful
then, they most have Called after the biewery took
fire, for though the Water Works were so much
farther north and east, they were In flames before
the buildings near them were touched.
There was nothing inflammable about the tower,
and all the injury it suffered was tho borningoutota
couple of windows with a southern frontage,and uis
not impossible that they were set on fire By thieves,
who were prowling around the neighborhood. One
gentleman living near bypacked a trunk with
valuable clothing, ana dragged it over to tbo office
In the tower, but when be went over after a time to
.look for it. It had boon broken open and rifled.
Blenklnsop, who la employed at the works, grab
bed, when be loft, a large handle of papers, son*
t-isllnp ofCnj':it;r'f= calculations for the nesv cn-tne,
tiulitftJit'Vtratilh-thsiM. and r.; aimed
laipu.vhu. oleo ho' amid.,,. When he cut back
into like uflcc I» tint man about
|ff«in£oat of tboririnduw with Ih«n—uvldcmlr a
thief. iilCnkinaop r-hor.Uu? to the man to drop
{them. Dot the fe|towlooked tfrannit. measured him,
«nd detained toTdo anythlogW the kind, Ibea
Oronr,.«( flv,>ahoom-. and the tlilof
-snapped the rubber which lielil the papery, nod sot
ouiofihc window as rapidly ns As for
vac papers, vbc wbitkd them nruned, and
they are scattered all over the lot.
ih^thpMv ar i ly P<>**N>le Creglcr. who was verv
teno eaa r t to fl|icr men, and
rii’i.' “amine the condition oflheen
piuta and make the necessary repairs Thev are
Xh t wmf.' ’ff 1 “S tcrntgr^WKlu"
flraniuaot,Jr U L cm “W the engines. the
bmbvlt bTn, t ..T^'' h t,TC 7 omc "hat injured, bow
oacijy Uis as jet impossible to fell The lanra
wToilr «»“HOo« ot the s
f onu oi me essential parts that have vet Wn cot.
tea at appear ,o be injured, /ad
no oppparent Injury that
bo repaired ia this city. The en ~iuS £re
worse oft; but. from ibcir peculiar posU?«2 at K£
time when ilicy were stopped, it N c
look alter the machinery very closely oi Snar
day iho ncsm pipe will probably bo l n ordcrS
by Monday, If the large engine is In orft,.?. steam
wUI be turned on; hat it is impossible to det?-21
bj the eye a slight mechanical inaccuracy which
wonidrnm everything. The condition ofW crl
inders w not vet known, and, when they are oo«4u
at rlhcy may be found to resemble hour-glasses
The old horizontal engine In the yard, which w*«
used some years ago. never amounted to much,
and would take longer to repair than anr one of
the other engines. Creglcr has telegraphed to
tv hitman, at St. Loots, for a supplementary Gould
engine which the water-works mere possess, and
mat may be expected here at any moment. When
it does cotac. they will make a connection wlih
the main at Roth street and the river, and pump
the water thence. It being good cnmv*h
•I present for all ordinary purpose*.
They arc still pumping from the river into ibo hv
drama near Adams tircct, so that there is still
some neartho river. The same thing baa been
done for the booth Side, and the flow from Wahl’s
artesian well has been turned into the mains near
by. It wonld not b© dlMeult to lay pipes and turn
the water from the artesian wells at Chicago and
western avenues into the mains on Lake street.
It is Cregier’s intense desire to get the water to the
west Division so soon as possible,
and if any one of the engines will
work, there will be no trouble about it, for the
west bide is generally supplied by the Chicago
avenue main, which Is not tapped to supply ibe
houses on that street. Had It neon, it would have
been a work of time and difficulty to cut off ihe
service pipes; but as it is. ail that will have to be
done will be to cut off the snbmaln which runs
down btate -treet. In view, however, of the doubt
concerning the engines. It will not do to he too
wingnine.
They will at once'proceed to pot a temporary
wooden roof over the building, tearing sufficient
room to put an Iron roof In underneath when time
permit*.
insurance.
PHIENIX
Insurance Company,
HARTFORD, COX.V
6-ov. JEWELL, one of
the Directors, and. Chair
man of the Einance Com
mittee, is here, and says
that the PHCBEIX loss
es will be paid as fast
as the losses can be ad
justed.
Capital, $600,000
Surplus, -1,100,000
Losses in the Big Fire
about $750,00(1
Risks accepted and
Policies written at tlie
Company’s lew Office,
43 S. Canal-st.,
OHICAaO.
UESiRY 11. BROWN,
RESIDENT AUBKT,
MARSHALL JEWELL,
DIRECTOR,
MILLINERY.
GAGE BROS.
GO.,
WHOLESALE
MILLINERY.
OFFICE FOR THE FBESKST AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV,
Will open with an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 Indiana-av.
About the 20 th October.
Send Your Orders,
STEAMSHIPS.
Inman Line,
Carrying the British and United States Mails.

The otSce of this
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Id s Room 5
WELCH’S BUILDING.
C 5 SOCTU CANAL-ST.
FRANCIS C. BROWN, Agent.
TIMK TABDIL.
lips Central
RAILROAD.
Special Notice
Fortlie present, and un
til farther notice, all p. s
senger trains will leave
from =nd arrive at Twen
ty-second-st. Station.
We are in a healthy con
dition. and all trains will
depart on their regnlar
time, as follows;
Mail, 6:13 a.m.,
Day Ex.. 9:13 a. m■ Sunday? cs.
Jackson Ac., 4:13 p. m..
Atlantic Ex., 5;28 p. m., D. lUr
Wight Ex., 9; 13 p.- m.,
Pullman’s Palace Cars
ATTACHED TO ALL TIJAINs.
Through Tickets, Sleep
ing Car Accommodations,
and Through Baggage
Checks can he obtained at
the Station.
hknby c. wiarrwoETH,
g. w. l>. A.
H. E. SARGEST, Oen’l Supt
TYPE FOUNDRY.
CHICAGO
Type Foundry,
72 West Wasliington-st.
He desire to inform onr friends
that we are located as above, and
have opened onr office for business.
We are digging our matrices from
the rains of oar late establishment.
One of onr firm has gone East for
stock and machinery, and in a short
lime we shall be prepared to fill all
orders. H’c ask our friends thron gh
out the Northwest to stand by ns.
MERCHANT TAILOR.
ELY,
Draper anil Tailor,
Is still ALIVE and well,
and, with a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Watoh-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Pourteenth-sts., in readi
ness to serve his city and
country patrons as usual.
Established in. Chicago,
1854.
EXPRESS.
THE
ADAMS EXPRESS
Company's Office is at
55 West Washington-st.
Patrons will please leave their address, that tre
may deliver their goods.
JNO. L. HOPKINS, Agent.
DRY GOODS.
DRYGOODS!
DRYGOODS!
Ties. Pielps Mil,
32 34 West Randolph-st.,
CORNER CAKAL,
Sell all Goods at the old
regular prices.
No advantage taken of
the Calamity.
BOOTS AMP SHOES.
Boggett, Bassett Hills.
headquarters at
Corner Harmon-conrt.
Have on the way a new
stock of
BOOTS SHOES,
And will soon he prepared
to supply customers.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-13 page 3 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-13/ed-1/?sp=3 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:32Z ========

AHO' COMMERCIAL.
nbxVc'UL I^TKLLI«K\CE.
Tui f.H *rtiu>r .r Tuiclegrapblc qacUtlonsof the
Xu.t Y.rJoioLk *ud 1-ond markets to-day:
F HST BOARD.
New York Genoa! SSfi
Reading JOT**
Rock Islam! W*H
Northwestern 5- C’2£
Northwestern. preferred
J dko Shore W
Pacific Ha d 4$
■tit, Paul
Western Union .>3*4
Ohio Mississippi 3HU
Wabash 57
Union Pacific 21
Erie 24U
Gold, 111.
SECOND BOARD.
New York Central....... v 87
Scrip
Reaain'g 105*4
Rock bland W
North Western
Northwestern preferred 8&S
JjSke Shore K*?i
Pacific 45 Ji
St. Paul £J
SC. Paul preferred
Western Union
Ohio Mississippi
Wabsuli
Union Pacific bonds rr?*
Erie 2,!
Gold. I UU-
18315, conn ?fSs»
Ideas ijrs
1861s "1.
IMS*
Igs«,new ;j: l(
IBCSs coup
HMDs
Currency Of llu o»
Bank Vaults.
The report circulated yesterday that the vault of
the Union National Bank bad been blown op is
without any foundation whatever. It Is believed
that the vault* of every bank In the city have pre
served tholr contents unharmed.
Mr. Haines, President of the State Savings Insti
tution, has gone to New York to attend personally
to converting •ecnritles owned by tho oank into
money. Thu larger part of the securities were re
moved from the building the night of the fire, and
the officers of the bank have no fears bnt that
everything It the valults is safe. They are fitting
up an office, and have ordered a safe from St.
Bonis, and will commence paying depositors as
soon as possible. They have also bought brick,
and an architect is making plans tor a new build
ing on tho site of the old one, which will be fire
proof if possible.
Thomas B. Bryan Co. (Fidelity Safe Deposito
ry), No. 143 East Randolph street, opened their
safes on Wednesday. There was no beat in them
or the vanllau every paper and every dollar of the
millions on deposit there being safe. Charles Wil
son took out $30,000 in good bright greenbacks.
The firm of Bryan «t Co. haw established an office
In the ruins, and invite business men and
others to bring their valuables and money
there, and deposit them free of charge until they
can get better accommodations. The place Is
nndcra guard of soldiers, who will keep toe prop
erty secure. The telegraph to the Dnbnquc JliralJ
that the depository was destroyed is erroneous.
Bank Locations.
We make-tbs following corrections and addi
tions to the list of temporary bank office? printed
yesterday;
Commercial National. 51*2 Wabash avenue.
Manufacturers’ National, in basement of the
above building.
National Bank of Commerce, 513 Wabash
avenue.
Firat National. 413 Wabash avenue.
Traders’ National, 44T Wabash avimcc.
SOMMEBCUL.
ThuredayUvcnlng, Oct. 12.
There Is still but little doing !u produce circle?,
but our commission merchants and grain dealer?
ore hard at work in preparing to open out again on
a fall scale just as soon as too pecuniary arrange*
dents will permit, which will be In a day or two—
probably by the first of next week. A goodly
number of them are busy In helping to distribute
food and clothing to the destitute. The remainder
arc fitting up offices in the vicinity of the tempo*
rary Board of Trade rooms, mostly on Canal and
Wert Washington streets; pending which their
headquarters are at Nos. 51 and 53 Canal street,
where the board will dohueinesß till the Chambt rof
Commerce can be rebuilt. The feeling today was
50 per cent more hopeful than yesterdav. Reports
were received and read by the Secretary, In rapid
succession, announcing the cheering prospects
that banks and insurance companies wilt speedily
redeem their obligations to the public. There was
some grumbling about the proposal to par only a
part of the deposit? in bank at ouco. but the great
majority viewed the situation cheerfully, aa being
much better than had been expected*
Proddocela coming In rather slowly, as the rail*
roads cannot spare many cars, nor could the ele
vators handle much grain in the present
unsettled state of affairs- But the Grain Inspect*
on are at work, and their reports will probable be
received to-morrow at the headquarters—Nos. 31
and 3d South Canal street.
borne grain is moving oat. About fonr charters
were reported to-day, which will take out grain
from the Northwestern, and Armour. Dole Co.V,
at 31c for wheat, 10c for corn, aud 7«*c for oats, by
•all, to Buffalo. Wheat to do by steam was taken
at 15c. A rye charter was rumored, but thc rato
was not reported. It is expected that grain will
he moved out much more rapidly towards Monday,
as the hacks will be able to make advances by that
lime.
The Chamber of Commerce Association bas re
ceived SIOO,UU) to proceed with the reconstruc
tion of their bnildlug. It is thought by some that
an effort will bo made to Induce the Board of
Trade to seek other quarters than that. In such a
case the Chamber ol Commerce would probably
oreanixa a new board under their charter.
The provision dealers held n meeting at noon
today, but accomplished nothing. It was pro
posed by some to form a separate organixallonr to
meet in the South Division, the project being sup
ported by a minority, which included our ht-aviert
packers. No vote was taken on the matter, and it
will probably be considered again at an early day.
The sale of tbe Chamber of Commerce was
3«nod to-day, and the contents rescued in first
ms condition.
At 10 mlnntos past 12 o'clock to-dav the follow
ing was received from Now York. Wheat unset
tled at51.53<&1.55. Corn steady at 80c.
Tbe following quotations were received from
Liverpool ro-day, by Mr. Morse: Flour. a-K&ars*
winter wheat, lls W; No. 1 spring, 11s sd; No 2
spring, lla; white wheat, 13s; corn, 335; pork, 50k
r> this market was quiet and unchanged,
rjesofioo brla Pacidc mill* at ffi.so; ]OO
7 the West at pi&t; 75 brls Waupacca
u The flour dealers s**cm disposed
or prices, not wanting to take ad*
situation, and In this they are
country millers, many of whom
requested them to sell
ice, as determined by Eastern quo*
nmcntloncdtnomlnal at about HS<fr
j* ,2 spring. In oats we note scale of
Two car loads of potatoes were cold
tlve Stock Sfarketi
The condition of this market Is about the same
as noted in yesterday’s report. Aside from sup*
plying the current wants of local batcher*, there
was little or nothing doing, shippers being kept out
of the market by the absence of bank accommoda
tion. The receipts of stock were meager, reaching
only 1,145 cattle. 2,870 hogs, and 131 sheep, but the
wants of the trade were fully met, and values re
main withont Important change. Sales of cattle
were reported at f3.00a4.00 for common to good
batcher’s stock; atf 1.1554A0 for common to choice
bogs and at f3.50a1.75 for common to good mat*
ton sheep. It is believed that the coming week
will witness a revival of trade In this department,
though it may be a fortnight yet before trade re
gains IU wonted activity. Beef packing, which
commenced a week ago, will be resumed as carlv
as practicable, and upon a liberal scale. It Is esti
mated that folly SS,tWO head will be packed here
daring the present season, the bulk of which, of
course, will be Texas cattle. In the mean time.
Western shippers should conduct their movements
with more than canal caution, bearing In mind that
a* ''“esent there is no demand for the opper
«ucb as arc usually sought
aucr uy Eastern buyers; From 14W) to 1,500
head of Cdr to good Ist cows, and fair fleshy steers,
will be required weekly to satisfy the wonts ofthe
city. Most of the stock now coming forward is re
loaded and sent Bast on owner’s account. The
receipts lor the week up to this evening have been
3,606 cattle, 6.331 hogs, and 628 sheep. The ship
ments hs vi been 1,906 cattle and 7,731 bogs.
i'iUcage Dally -market.
BUT Irli —The fapplj ie light, bat no scarcity
exists, si-’ ntido from good to choice qualities,
whtcl lire advanced about Sc. prices range sob*
•lamia V. the same as a week ago. Wc quote
comm* to choice at 15((t28c.
C!t E—Borne lots have arrived since the fire,
which.i being offered at 14@18c, the outside for
prime f. .torjr.
COA. —Owing to the destruction of the larger
portio of the supply In this city., there was an
effort inriog yesterday and Tuesday among the
smal r dealers, to advance the price, and at some
«F tt yards as high as £2OXO per ton was demand
ed,*.-at the leading dealers are filling orders at
pro jous rates. The anticipated high prices caused
considerable txt emeot among consumers, but
aboald there v: an advance on present prices,
fifi.is) per ton t bo the extreme limit, as at
this figure the can be supplied with best An
tluacltecoal.bj Wequote: Lehigh. $10.00;
Eric and Walnut Bill, $3.00;
and llmlngton. 0.
and prices are nn
-5?a t iSV«*r KS^ e, i»'‘ clWn S all the way from $3.00
<fcs,Wperbrl. Or-. are q aotC{ j at $1.T5(&2.00
S' iwba' f T C Lt< UU al for
\V-Is arriving in Uh -al quantities and with
a dr demand to meet pric have not advanced
m fcrially -ring quoted at t.OWSis.oo for uresa
e< timoth $10.(.0@12 for pra ‘e, and at fjOO®
1* o for J •i* ou wagons.
HDK AND LEATHER—There is no market al
p .-sent i.ut onr dealers are rapidly "gening in
f•• pc. .dtbe hide and leather boslncafl w|U
s tnb ovfngaloDgasofold.
NAlu*-. re a brisk demand for nails, but
the so. ii.y Is d- to be t ufllcleut to meet all
dema d*. and,--• *ll probably remain where
they are, at t ale?.
OILS—* r. is in nc*irc demand. and has ad
vanced i The supply is short, but before the
close c U week will be equal to all demands.
.-Are unchanged; celling al SI2OO per
GROCERIES—Rave advanced a little, tempo
rarily. A T-w 't«alera have returned business, aod
small order* c*.. -*ng filled at H c advance iu tu
gar. Jic in rice, a**c teas. Coffee la Ic hlgh
•r. la sympathy with an East. The great
t muod for caudles has evusc*. a large advance, but
1 market will soon be liberally supplied. and
111 recode to about former rates. Syrups
1 ted 6c higher.
BER—There la no market as ye!, but yard
are generally willing to roll 'at the price*
at the close of last week. as follows:
ear,l Inch to 2 Inch tIMMffi&SJ.OD
clear, 1 Inch to 2 Inch (fc-tt.OO
cljar. 1 Inch 3i.ooffi3s.UU
ua recondclear flooring, togeth
>nSh f....... 37.C0fe38.0ft
s&dMcoßfi clear.iaiu together. 2OXU@*i.OJ
arson elding 37X0^18.00
fir5t....... 80.00@32.00
C ixntnnn dreaded, second 24.0C5Aj.00
Wagon-box beanls, selected, 10 incites
and upwards C2.00553.M
A stock D0an15............ @3J.00
B stock boards @23.00
Common boards, posts, scantling,
small timber, &c., 16 feet and under. @15.00
Fencing @15.00
Joists and scantling, IS@34 feet 15.00@90.00
Pickets, sqnarc J2.00@14.00
Pickett, fiat Jo.oo@lioo
Clear posts, split 12.00@14.00
Clear posts, round *6®
Uth..V:,..! 2JJ7H§ 2.50
Sawed shingles, No.
Sawed shingles, A or star 3.CO® B.<u
The leading dealers will sell at these price* for
cash, to all who wish lumber for building In tbc
city. They mar charge more lo country buvers,
but It Is not probable that prices willbe materially
advanced even to them, just yet, as the stocVa have
only boon reduced about one-sixth by the fire.
There are now 240.000,000 feet here, aud about
50,000.000 feet were homed np.
GENERAL NOTICES.
EMPIRE
liiue.
The office of the Empire Transportation Com
pany is Jo the Lake Shore Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, corner of Polk and (Jnswold-st*.
JOS. STOCKTON. Agent.
JOSEPH 11. .STEELE,
Auction and Commission Merchant, No. 6 ilaln-st..
Champaign. 111. Consignments solicited. Re
turns promptly made.
REFERENCES:
B. F. Harris, Prep, let National Bank, Champaign.
D. Bailey. Director, Ist Naiionai Bank, Champaign.
Dr. Houston, Dlr’c’r, Ist National B’k.Chompaign.
Bnrnbam, Condit,Jt Co., Bankers Champaign.
D. Gardner Co., Bankers. Champaign.
Richards Bro., Bankers, Chamjiaign.
Busey&Bro., Bankers, Crbana.
R. H. Houston Son, Bankers, Monti cello. HI.
Thomas Bros. Wecdman. Bankers, Farmer Citv.
Wro. B. Clapp Bro., Jewellers. Chicago, 111.
Burley Tyrrell. Crockery Dealers, Chicago, lit.
Miller Toll. Dry Goods Dealers. Champaign.
Elcbberg *t Bro.. Dry Goods Dealers. Champaign.
John Gere. Dry Goods Dealer, Urban.!.
THE OFFICES OP THE
CALUMET CHICAGO
CANAL DOCK CO,
O. S. Hough Sons, Botven
Brother*, T. S. Dobbins, Chits.
A. Gregory, C. C. Abell, trill be
nt 360 Walmsb-av.
JAMES 11. BOWEN.
Bui, McNally Co
WILL BE FOUND AT
H. A. PITTS’ SONS,
106 108 W. Eandolph-st.
A. M. U. Ex. Go.
On and After
MOM NEXT, OCT. 18/71,
the General Office of the Company will be located
at
214, 216, 218 West Eaadelpb-st.,
coroerof Green. until which date they are located
at No. llSTwcmy-sccond-st.
Merchants' Despatch Transportation Co.'a office,
on and alter Monday dext,Oct. 18, at Sl4 West Ran-

THE OFFICE OF
FAIRBATSK. PECK CO.,
AKD
N. K FAIRBANK,
Is at their
Facto,—, cor. of Eighteenth Blactwell-sts.,
Near the Bridge.
They will be able to supply LARD and LARD OIL
Friday morning.
NOTICE.
Until further noilcc the Illi
nois Central Kailrond Company
will receive and deliver freight
nt the Chicago, Biirllngion A.
Quincy Kuilroad Company’s
Itepnt, Cnnnl-st.
JOSEPH r. TUCKER,
General Freight Agent.
Chicago. Oct. 11,1871.
t?r~ Other pnper* please copy.
The Cook County
National Bank
IS OPEX FOlt BUSINESS AT
223 MICIIICAX-AV.
CHASE BROS. CO.
Haring eared their
Abstracts of Cook County Eeoords
From the fire bare located m'tbe
MASONIC BUILDING,
Corner of West Randolph and HaletcS-sU. (No. 0
South Hateted-st.), and will soon be prepared to
furnish complete chains of title to all real estate In
this city and coanty.
Tbc Enterprising Firm or
JAMES S. KIRK CO.,
Soap Manufacturers,
are already engaged with a large force of men. re*
moving the debris from the rains, and expect to
be rebuilt and In running order in forty-five days.
There will be a Meeting
Of tbc members of the Mechanics’ nod ilannftc
inrers’- Business Exchange at No. Sot Statc-st.,
comer of Taylor, at 12 m. By order. THAI). ROB
ERTS, Secretary’ and Treasurer.
Office
UNION ROLLING MILL CO.
REMOVED TO
THEIR WORKS AT BRIDGEPORT.
Wyeth Vandervoopf,
MALTING CO.’S OFFICE
AT 98 AND St SOUTH CLINTON-ST.
Office of MATHEWS
MASON, and BROWN
PRIOR, No. 659 Wabash
av., have opened with a
Stock of Goods.
Our Clients
win Una os at SIS West Madison. QOL'DY
CHAXDLEK nnd SUDFELDT BALL, Alter.
I HAVE IN MV POSSESSION SEVERAL
trunks and valises, which the owners can have by
proving the property to be theirs. They were
picked up on North Clark between Kinzie and'
Micbignn-sta. at an early hour on Monday morn
ing. (hill at 117 West Washington, at 7 o'clock in
the evening. GEO. KENYON.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREHOUSES,
LYMAN BRIDGES CO.,
Corner Carroll and Sangamon-sta.
Building Materials
OF ALL KINDS. OLD AND NEW,
Bought and sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES CO..
Comer Carroll and Sangamon-sts.
General Agency City Fire Ins Co.
v. r ,»:rT O M-i Co ""i-, Ra<lm Ko 181 Madl.on-.t-
t "Wing polteKw in il,b company and in.
~lM!e fmcul
S. h RKNCII. General Agent.
The Atlantic, Pacific A Gt. Western
Telegraph Companies will opcu their general ofllce
on Saturday next. If tU inst. at 8C Canal-st.
KEIiH BROS.,
We uould announce to oar customers and tl.o
trade that wc ex]»cct to resume business with our
usual slock within two weeks from tins date.
KEITH BROS.
OCJ. 12,1571.
INSURANCE.
Conrad Witkowsky can be seen cvcrv day from
10 to 12 o clock a. m.. at the office of S. M. Moore
Co., Nos. 08 and 71) Cauai-at.
XNSURAKO3,
AGENCY
OF THE
Insurance Company,
OF NEW TOtlK.
Southwest Corner West Randolph
and Halsfed-sts.
We are In receipt of the
following telegram from
the GONTLVEIi VJkJ* INS.
CO., of New York:
“The Continental is
sound, and will pay
their liabilities beyond
peradventure. Go on
with your business as
usual.”
GEO. T. HOPE,
The General Agent of
the Company Is here, and:
will be pleased to bare all
parties haring claims
against said Company
present them with their
policies at our office for
prompt adjustment.
0. W. BARRETT CO.,
AG-ENTS.
The Insurance Agency of
THOMAS W. BLAYNEY
Is for the present re-established at
43 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
The President of the International Insurance
Company,
GEORGE W. SAVAGE, ESQ.,
Will arrive to-daj^.
PREPARED TO PAY, IMMEDIATELY,
ALL THEIR LOSSES
BY THE LATE FIRE
CARPETS.
E.F. HOLLISTER CO.,
Carpt fareloase,
10 12 North Canal-st.
Have just received and opened
SINCE THE FIRE a large
stock of
CARPETS
AND
Curtain Ctoods,
Now ready for exhibition, at the well
known Furniture Stand of HALE
BROTHER 10 12 North
Canal-stup stairs.
ALIM lACKEY,
Office Address nntil Saturday morn-
lag next, 158 WABASH AVENUE,
Will open their stock of CARPETS
for sale next Saturday morning, 714
STATE STREET. Also, we have the
pleasure to announce that we have
mode arrangements for a new a tore.
to he completed NOVEMBER 15,
with Rotter Palmer, Esq., in his new
hotel Building, corner STATE AND
MONROE STREETS.
HOTELS.
Michigan-av. Hotel.
THE ONLY FIRST-CLASS.
Having had the good fortune to cave this boose
from the fire, we announce to the public that wo
are ready to accommodate them.
JOS. CLLMANK.
BRIGGS HOUSE
(FORMERLY THE LACLEDE)
Corner Madison Canal-sis.
WENTWORTH &WOOLWORTH-
HARDWARE, ETC,
Seeberger A Breakey
MAY NOW BE FOUND AT TIJKIU
NEW DOUBLE STORE,
NOS. 10 i WEST RANDOLPJI-ST.
Goods being received, and larg.- .-liipaic-uU on
the way.
(Will be in shape to rJI o.
HARDWARE,
tin plate,
SHEET IRON AND
TIN *KRS* STOVE,
;ln a few days.
-rIKSTJRaJICE.
TjaJE
fil l I,
OF BROOKLYN,
Casli Assets, $1,850,000
GREAT FIRE
$500,000
And has Opened an Office at
62 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
PRESIDENT.
Property, insured and
Losses paid as
We have commenced
paying. Policy-holders
call and present their
claims.
K. S. CEIfCHELL,
NOTICE.
Parties bolding policies In the CONTINENTAL*
YONKERS, and MARKET INSURANCE COM
PANIEB of New York ore requested to present
their CLAIMS, with their POLICIES, at the office
of O. H. BARRETT St CO., Agents. Masonic
Building, comer West Randolph and Halstcd-sts.
O. 11. BARRETT CO.,
Age si la.
TRANSPORTATION.
Erie Noil Siiore
LIISIID.v.
Tlio Office or the Eric mid
\orlh Shore Line will be round
at
769 Wabash.-av.
Frolßlit by Ibis liiic in now un
loading and ready for delivery
at Depot of the Northwestern
Railway, corner Canal and Mx
teenlh-»l»., r We»l -Slde,' Or at G.,
B. and Q. Depot.
J. W. SMITH, Agent.
viuti iumi hip
iulr.il r nun [liicj
Oar Warehouse, on the North-Pier,-where ;obr
stock of i
STOVES
Was stored* escaped destruction.' Oar stock is
complete, and we can ship all orders aa soon as the
railroads l are prepared to receive. Wo hate se
cured for an office and salesroom the third 'floor of
Noe. SOand S3 South Canal-st., over Wm. Blair
Co., now banhnus-ftore.
JOHN F. RATHBOHE &CO.
CULVER Sc CO.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,.
88 South Caaal-st
Advances made on shipments to Baflalo and
New York.
American Enterprise.
STARK ALLEN'S WHOLESALE
JEWELRY AND WATCH BUSINESS REOPEN
ED AT.
363 WABASH-AV.
We have ordered, by telegraph, a complete da
plicate of oar stock of goods destroyed at the great
fire, and are now ready to fill any orders, and sap
ply oar customers the same as before.
ENVKLOFES,
Of all kinds
HORTON'S. 637 WEST LAKE-ST.
PAPER!
We bare resumed business for the present at
WEST EAKE-ST.,
Where we will be pleased to see onr enstomera
Will all onr friends who are Indebted to os please
remit such amounts, and thereby greatly aid os I
this emergency?
McCANN.-FITCH CONVERSE.--
CHICAGO SCALE COMPANY.
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales.
No H Cunal-st.
FAIRBANKS, GREEN LEAF CO.
THE WATER yPPPLT.
Loses in the
LESS THAN
STOVES.
COMMISSION.
JEWELRY.
STARK ALLEN,
363 WABASH-AY.
STATIONERY.
Paper,
BLANK BOOKS,
AND STATIONERY
AT OLD PRICES.
PAPER.
-riiKHrrraE.
MM.
HALE
&BRO.
Will not advance the
prices of Fnrnitnre, bat
will do their best to fill all
orders.
We arc in hopes soon to
be able to fill orders for
COMMON FURNITURE
For the needy, at
NET COST.
Sewing frills Wanted.
10,12,14 16
iff Orth Canal-st.
OFFICE DESKS,
CHURCH AHD SCHOOL
FURNITURE
MADE AND SOLD AS USUAL, BY
HENRY M. SHERWOOD,
103,105, 107 Canal-st.
INSTRUCTION.
Chicap Conservatory of Music.
ROBERT- GOLDBEGK, Director,
Has opened at
Dearborn Seminary,
985 Wabash-av. t
Corner of Twenty-second-et.
Pupils ami shareholders may
continue thcii lessors at once.
All Information given by
ly. EA RUE. Secretary.
PIANOS. ETC.
THE OFFICE OF
i. m i hi.
IS NOW AT
S7O av.
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF
KNABE BAUER
PIANOS
Also ft large stock of MUSICAL MERCHANDISE
Is now In transit. Will be ready to fill orders
promptly as heretofore in a few dsye. Parties hav-
Fiauus rented will please call and pay rent as
above.
REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE OEEICE
OF
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Nixon Building, northeast comer Monroe
and LaSalle, Also West Sldte office at No. 9 South
nalstcd-st., Masonic Building, comer Randolph.
MUSIC
LION I BEALES
Office will be at 14S South Peoria street, ontll a
permanent location is tccured» and oar new stock
arrives. Arrangements have been made to hare the
orders of ourcustomcra executed at. the house of
Oliver DUsudsCo* 377 Woehtogton-PU, Boston,
wberc facilities arc unequalled by any honse in the
trade. Some of our roost efficient clerks will be
there to attend to (be wants of our friends. Messrs.
Diuon Co. will also be able to execute orders for
the most popular of Onr publications, orders having
been smt by telegraph to have them rc-engravcd..
UITStCt
F. 2IEGFIELD
Director of the Chicago
•Icademp ofjflusic.
May be addressed, for the present, at
NO. 610 W ICIIICAX-AT.
UQUORS.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS, 9
11 and J3 West Hauison-st,
'CHICAGO, ILL..
Hare on hand a fall stock of fine Kentucky, Bour
bon. and Rye Whiskies, Gins, Brandies, Ac., fiber
rr, Pori. Itbtne. Catawba, and California Wines,
which they will sell at prices folly as low os before
the fire.
Country customers will do well by examining
oar stock. It Is the largest in the city. Orders by
mail will get prompt attention.
TOILET SOAPS.
The Pioneer Manufacturing Com’y
Arc happy to inform their friends and customers
that they were unharmed, by the late disastrous
fire, and are ready to fill all orders for
Toilet Shaving Soaps
AT OLD PRICES.
PIONEER N.iX‘P CO.,
61 And 53 Sooth Canal»«t.
ARCHITECT.
R. ROSE, ARUBIi S€l
will resume business ai ‘B4* Canal-st., in a few
BUSINESS CARDS.
Stanton Co.
Will open a fall and complete stock of
GROCERIES
At No. B S7 Wabash-av. a boat the Sstb instant.
Insurance Notice.
Parties having claims against the
CONNECTICUT FIRE INSURANCE CO„
of Hartford;
NORTH AMERICAN FIRE INSURANCE CO.
of Hartford, and
NORWICH FIRE INSURANCE CO.,
of Norwich, Conn.,
Will please present the same at mj office at
once.
R. W. HOSMER, Agent
161 West Madlsonjt, Room No. 9.
J. W. Butler Co.,
PAPER DEALERS,
Office with Chicago Newspaper Union,
IS North Jegbrsoo-Bt.
A. J. Marks, Engraver,
HAS RESUMED BUSINESS AT 707 WABASH-
CAN FILL ALL ORDERS FOR SEALS.
MEWS OF THE RUINS FOR SALE.
Lemmon Cornish Stilt Live!
Thor are filling orders for all kinds of
Coal at Old Prices,
at sooth cost comer Klorle and Elizabcth-fta.
Will rebuild on the old site coon.
Weed Sewing Machine Co.
196 West Hadison*6t
.arc now prepared to fill all orders
With Despatch.
Attorneys at Law.
HAWES Jb LAWRENCE sn happy to inform
their clients and friends that they hare saved Ihclr
entire library and nearly all the papers of ralno in
their possession, and are now located at No. 366
Stalest.
Monger’s Laundry
Office will be at
NO. 45 WEST WASHINGTON-ST.
On and after Monday, Oct. 16th. Will be ready for
business os soon as a supply of water Is ob
tainable.
GEO. H. HUNGER,
_ Proprietor.
R- R. LANDON,
Importers, jobbers, and mannfactorcrs* agent,
commission merchant, resumes business No. 8
Lind Block, only building left on Sooth Side.
MACHINERY.
Engines and
Machinery.
C.&G. Cooper &Co.,
MANUFACTURERS
Stationary, Portable, and Farm Slide Valve
ENGINES
of every required sire. Upright and Hoisting
ENGINES.
The Corliss Automatic Cut-Off
ENGINES.
Cooper Co.’s Improved Slide Valve Cut-Off
ENGINES.
Tubular Locomotive and Flue
BOILERS.
Circular SAWMILLS.
FLOURING MILLS, and complete
MACHINERY
for flooring mills, sawmills, elevators, furnaces,
and factories.
Plans and specifications fbrnlsbed to customers
without charge. Small Engines on band or in pro
cess of manufacture. Orders filled on short notice.
The Mt. Vernon Iron Works, established 1833, arc
among the largest la the country, and have the
most approved facilities for manufacturing. Their
machinery Is of the latest Improved designs, and
In every instance is guaranteed to give entire sat
isfaction. Call on or address, for large illustrated
circular, C. O. COOPER St CO..
10 and 12 West Randotpb-st., Chicago
RAILROADS.
Lake Shore Michigan Sontiern
BAILWAY.
TRAINS ARRIVE AND DEPART FROM
22nd STREET STATION.
Leave 6.63 a. ra. Mall.
M 9.13 a. a. Day Express.
357 p. m. New York Express,
9.13 p. ra. Night Express.
Trains are running on time. Passengers taken
care of In first class order as heretofore. Passen
ger and Ticket Office at Twenty-second Street
Station.
Freight Office on Polk street, near railroad track.
C. F, BATCH, P. B. MORSE,
Gen*t Sap’t. Qen’l West. Pass. Agt.
IKON.
OMceof
A.B.MEEKER&CO.
376 WABASH-AV,
STOCK UNINJURED AND BEAST
FOR BUSINESS.
Send along yoor orders. A full stock of PIG
IRON and COAL on hand.
groceries.
GROCERIES.
The Offlco ofj
fi. C. COOK CO.
Is Located at
No. 299 Miohigan-av.
Where we will be pleased to see all our
old Customers and firleads.
We expect to be able to fill all Orders
for Goods In about one weeh, and must
beg oar ft-lendi to be patient with ns' In
tbe meantime. Oar correspondents will
please address as above.
G. C. COOK CO.
Chicago, Oct. 11.1871..
MERCANTILE AGENCY.
R. On Cl’s
MERCANTILE
AGENCY,
393 Wabasb-av.,
Will Resume Bu
siness Oct. 14.
BUSINESS CARDS.
JACOB B. SUIPHERD,
Twentv-second-st. Bank.
The Mechanics’ Savings
Bank is receiving; and
paying; deposits as nsnal.
Exchange sold on IVew
York, and collections
made in all parts .of the
conntry.
Chicago. Oct. i 1, 1871.
Owing to the recent
great fire we have-trans
ferred the good- willof our
wholesale periodical busi
ness to THE WESTERN
\KWs COMPANY. In
few days we will send all
customers statements of
onr account when we
hope fbr a prompt remit
t .nee of the b >lancc dae.
Respco fullv.
MrKALLY Sc CO.
THE NATIONAL (ELGIN)
WATCH COMPANY
Have resumed business at
the 8. W. cor. of Green and
Washington-sts. 10,000
Elgin Watches protected
in Vaults passed through
the great conflagration
uninjured, and can be rec
ommended as Adjusted
to Temperature. Orders
from the trade promptly
filled.
Chicago
Advertising
S H’A'K P TilA IN
Will be pleased to see their friends at
ROOM 5, WELCH'S BUILDING, G5 SOUTH
CANAL-ST.,
Where they are prepared to insert advertising in
the loading Newspapers of the country at publish*
era* lowest rates.
WM. D. KERFOOT,
Real Estate Agent
Is at his old place,
89 EAST IVASIHVGTOA-ST.
All gone but wife, children, and
energy.
THE SINGER MAN’F’G
CO.’S office,. Twenty-fb’th
st. and South Park-av. Re
tail office, 313 South Hal
sted-st. Storehouse, Clark
st. and Archer-av. New
building: will be np within
forty days at the old place.
.CHICAGO BRANCH
Knickerbocker Lite Ins.
Co., of New York, has sur
vived the Are, and opened
office at Masonic Temple,
corner Halsted and Kan
dolph-»t8.
ERASTUS LYMAN, President.
WHEATON «t RANDALL. Managers.
REMOVED.
D. COLE $O9l, Real Estate
and House Agent*, ISS West
Mudi.on-st. Can be found a
largo list of property for Holl
and rent in the Went Division.
Housig rented and Rents Col
lected.
Barnes House,
Corner of Cana) and Randolph,
WEST SIDE.
W. K. SWALLOW,
Proprietor.
-W. H. FRANCIS,
SEAL ESTATE AfrEET,
Temporary Office—l3o West Randolph-*!.
San Diego Land Agency.
LOUIS LLOYD CO.,
NEWSPAPER
Advertising Agency
REOPENED AT
59 W. Bandolph-st., Oor. Clinton.
T. S. FITCH CO-
Can be Found in Temporary Quarters
Erected at tbcirOld Stand,
163 and 165 Dearborn-st.
tenney, McClellan, a tenney,
Attorneys and Counsellors, 45 Hnb
bard-conrt, between State and Wa
bash.
Chicago Life Insurance Company.
We have-saved oar records and securities, com-
Slote. besides a lartrc smonnt of printed matter,
or office Is at CB3‘4 West Washlncton-st.
JNO. W. CLAPP, Secretary.
Wells Faulkner,
WHOLESALE QnOCERS,
Will reopen In a few days on Lake Shore, between
Peck and Harmon-court.
H A. Kohn Bros.
HflTe their office at
571 WABASII-AW
and are making preparations to rceuroc business
at an early day.
Walsh Hutchinson,
(Lata at S8 and 60 Latc-«1.)
ARE SOW LOCATE? AT 97 CALUMKT-AV.,
where they will resells all correspondence for the
pi went, and
WILL, IN A FEW DATS,
he again prepared, to exhibit to their trade
A FULL LINE OF MILLINERY AND STRAW
GOODS, V
COMSTOCK, PICCERING
CO. have recovered their books
and papers from the great fire,
and have located at 41 Canal
st., near the Board of Trade,and
will continue the Commission
business and receive consign
ments of grain.
Dr. T. B. WALKER, Oculist
Offices: Corner of State and
Twelfth-sts. (over Evarts’ drue
store),from 10 to I; 328 West
Wadison.st., from 2 to 4 p. m.
Ptatl, Thorn A Maynard* .7
9 NORTH CANAL-ST.
Warehouse and large stocks uninjured.
NAILS AT 14.53 RATES.
FAMILY FLOUR AT RETAIL.
OLD PRICES. 1
BUSINESS CAKDS.
G. H. L. LAFLI.V,
WHOLESALE
3PAPEIZI
DEALERS,
50 Norfh JpfFerson-st.j
AND
340 Wal> a sh-av.,
CHICAGO. ILL.
Diebold Kienzle Safes,
REMOVED
TO 44 C ST ATK-ST.,
OLD PRICES,
D. 3. COVERT.
October 10,1871
The Timas that Try Man’s Souls
VAN SCHAACK,
WHOLESALE D it P-g-ftt S T S
OFFICE 057 PRAIRIE-AV.,
WILL OPEN IN TRIER NSW STORE WHEN
COMPLETED. IN FIVE DAYS.
l aw Office.
ELA Je PARKER,
GEO. W. PLUMMER.
Onr clients will find os
AT 151 WEST RANDOLPH-ST.
Near Union,
READY FOR WORK.
John Stevenson,
MERCHANT TAILOR.
WILL RESUME BUSINESS,
WITH AN ENTIRE NEW STOCK,
CCT. 22, ON THE
COR. OF WABASH-AV. AND
TWENTV-SECONDST.
CHASE, HANFOED CO.,
Manufacturers and Refiners’ Wholesale Agents for
the sale of Standard Illuminating and Lubricating
Oils, White Lead, Varnishes, Glass, Axle Grease,
Pine Tar, etc., 479 near Twelfih-«L, Chi*
cago.
Agency,
ESAIAS J. WARREN,
Beal Estate Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 >1 iohifirn n- ny
Boalnesa continncd withont Interruption.
SIBL ET& ENDICOTT,
WHOLESALE GROCERS
137 WEST TWEtPTH-ST.,
Corner Clinton.
WRIGHT BEEBE
ore all right and hare one store left, No. 30 Kar
kot-st.. and are prepared to receive and handle
with despatch all kinds of produce.
Cash as usual.
Heilbron Bro.,
WHOLESALE MILLINERY,
OFFICE AT
NO. 209 THIRD-AV.,
Will have stock and bo ready to fill orders on the
21st inst.
Wm, H. Patterson,
GAS FIXTURES, PLUMBERS’ MATERIALS,
Gas and Steam Fitters Supplies,
121 WES I RANDOLPH-ST., CHICAGO.
H. E. Picket,
REAL ESTATE,
STILL ALIVE AT
89 Waahlngton st.
Wright Tyrrell,
S. E. CORNER OF
WASHINGTON AND
Scammon, McCagg Fuller,
LAWYERS,
4M Mli niGAS-AV.
F. E. BAUMANN A.chi
tects; Temporary office for two
weeks at S. W. corner tf Canal
and Twel’th-sts., afterthattime
at Nixon’s Building, corner
Monroe and LaSalls-sts.
W. J. QUAN CO., whole
sale grocers, would respectfully
say to their patrons and the pub
lic generally, that they will have
goods in store and for sale, at 61
West Water-st.. rear of Canal.
Messrs. HAYDEN KAY wil
resume business in a few days.
Goods now on the way from our
several factories. Further no
tice will be given.
PRINTING.
Send yoor orders for printimr, by mall, to Senti
nel Office, Woodstock. liL Billheads and envelopes
printed cheaply and promptly, and sent by exp rep a
to any adercea. WM. E. SMITH.
Law Office of HITCHCOCK,
DUPEE EVARTS, will be at
219 South Sangamon-st., be
tween 10 and 2 o’clock, for a
few days; then at corner of
Monroe and Wells-sts.
SHINN, NORTON 4k SCOTT,
Produce Commission Merch
ants. Office 183 Washlngton-iit.,
Pp stairs.
JOSXAH BISSELL, At
torney at Law and Notary
Public, No. 54 West Ran
dolpb-st.
MUNSON CO.. Man
ufacturers of LEATHER
BELTING. 14 and 16 W:
Randolph-st.
McGREGOR’S MA
CHINERY HOUSE, No.
23 South Canal-st, is all
right—not burned.
American Emigrant Company*
Foreign and Domestic Exchange. Ocean tickets
to and from Europe. General railway ticket office.
Western office 39 west Kmzle-st.
FREDERIC NELSON, Agent. Chicago.
CTJLYER, PAGE, HOHJE 00^
Stationers, Printers, and Blank Book
Manufacturers,
U, 13, and_ls North Desplaines-st.,
Chicago.
GARTER BROS.,
Contractors of Masonry.
Office. 384 W Ad-^ms-st.
The Wheel- v Wilson
SEWING MACHINE OFFICE,
At 338 West Madlson-et.
Scovill 'Harvey,
RMItSTATE& LOANS
38 Sonth Canal St, cor Washington.
STEVENSON KEtD,
HALSTED-STS.
FARR AR A WHEELER.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-13 page 4 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-13/ed-1/?sp=4 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:33Z ========

THE BANKS.
RESOLUTIONS PASSED AT A
MEETING OF THE
„BANKERS. v-
WHAT THE SAVINGS- BANKS
PROPOSE TO DO.
?r r
RESOLUTIONS OF THE BANKERS..'"
The adjourned meeting of Biukers of Chicago.
Wfl» bald this-morning at 513 Wabash avenue? {Tie
'Jnedtfng'waa culled to order by \V. F. Coolbau<»h,
President of the Union National Bant, In tbechalf
The commitieo, coiifltliug of Solomon A.-Smith*
President Merchants Saving Loan JC Troat Com
pany J. W- F, Coolbangh. President Union Nation
al C. IS. Blair, President Merchants* National;
Julian S. Hornsey, President Corn Exchange 1 Na
tional L. B. Sldway, of State Savings fu<dun
tlou; J. J. Pearce, President Third National
Bank ;J. T. Scammos, President Mechanics’
National Bank; L. ,J. Gage, President Firit*
National Bank, reported the following preamble
and resoluUous,wnlch were unanimously adopted-
W/unat, Our city has been rlsiitiii with a con
flagration la extern and destruction of prouerty
a&treely equalled In the history of the world: and
~TtTUreat; The while thev have suffered
quite as severely s the business community vco--.
«wUy, feel that, il left to a peaceable adjustment of
W they can pay all their liabilities In
full, while any attempt on the part of the banks to
force Immedwle .payment trout their debtor* 1 or
anyeflctt-tytiieirdeposliors to compel aforcible
■SStiTement from the banks would augment end in
tensify the widespread ruin and desolation which
is upon us,
Jittolced, That the banks of this city will’open
for busmes ub soon ns -possible, dvintr
due notice of time and place, that thev
will, pay an Immediate Instalment of nor
more than fifteen tipper cent la the case of
any individual ;bank,.imd will conilnne to pav ad
diiional lUslalmcnts as fast as their assets can
be t made available. until their entire
liabilities are liquidated. It being In their opinion
an advantage to the entire community to reserve a
portion of their cash assets to furnish ressonablo
•f^.? m^M OU Sf^i Urvivlnj c °n.morcial Interests
■nhlch must Inevitably perish without such aid.
lhat until the respective Banks and
utff.fi 0 if their ns»ots and condition^
Kuatlontoaulimit a statement to the
public and .resume active business, U is rccom--
inendedthat the Presidents, with other offlccra of
the respecUi c_ institutions receive and pay" out£
a d d business as tnwtees for i£lrcasiom
•*'declaration that they
are such temporary trustees of the new banking
transacted at their respective
JtttolKd, That the Savings Bank of the Citv and
That m Uio opinion 0 f thin mcptln~ii
U very desirable that the Bank, .hnnte .11 1
Ihemsctvca as near each otW is ±^l1 aU ,oca,c
n and bank olilccra liuro represented dens it their
-iQlytoeipra.. to the world their bclteflhitllio
•wonderful growth of Chicago in wealthmidTowir'
tMbeen the result,
‘■■fsnpblat ainiatlo” That ihfs
"V
»F£#SS!
r~.
THE HAVINGS JJA’SKV
fn W^f ,oml S «f O T Whaler
S £!5; St I fl UiofM>u«-ilorchiaiite* Farmere’
solving, lusuiullcDftiHl Trust Company Vntl™;
Company^ 11 ii
ttftsas* S»“s
cioS! ch
«dStoa: fOUu "'“S rc!oI oils «-cru ttnanlnoiuly'
j?£ '.'“Jf I’reKtlWlvcj or the Sarlnes
vill each «*curo tempqrarr> niHnu nn/ m.ii wo
s«r£®af»3
amount on deposit and that \v.» u thal
Jtaolmt;- That In vlour of tlic labor Involved In
sirS^®2®sS“
aanattu their ta10n,.,. aso Svo tlTem f»
*Ju Ute.lUaa, Unit.
A. muo^%Ll OFFiIAS
KQRTHWtSrERH FIRES.
Towns and Villages l>cstro>cd
Hundfedi of Lives Lost-.
Proper!}; Burned.
Tteecm’sng If the Northwest is \r _ r
by fire. The lumber regions o r devastated
Minnesota bavo been In flan* 'vlaconrln and
past. Now the demon of dee* 7 rvtfr ye
overtbc lombcrdistrlctß of 19 B JT OO }'^C
theihoreofl^kcllaron,^ n D -A”. alone
the western-shore of 1 UOrt b e ro part of
njins. Manistee tva„ ''‘J.®"-'' re
UAi bouses .Were barred- atS°fl?n l l;
those of Cushman. Cali;uj8 n i fl Cn M r^J« C l \l?r
ana. Canfield a nd 1 Mi
Severe! rtorca asAtehSoS KmS o
Tbo n j ••reaonsas were also-burned;
A SSL,ss
-At.WiUlams* mill, fifty-fivc -\vere killed tm he 1
Jyburned* At 1/ cn
twefve to fifteen houseKanaaukc*',
Pcuuigo baa been- entirely burned knA i
poopioaro boaeJeae. The J5r co
«vor. tensing' on to Io s °and? v r ->rHo
driven to dip thclrhcadatnlbtlio ua, er ,-f>“ tDll r
bnrlccl klauy got
In the sand, in thirty »Iduu* WfW,
«eofi*. In. Iboi -the 0
blazo. Sovdyv-fivo .Durtoua Vn waa in a
have- •been* -'snflbcated mul* -known to
BanSm*^ otbore
property buried pSTlufrf ll a maVj »ble
tbotrelsbborfiflod} ain
*mall one at Cbnrch-Crcofc-ttAA O^ r »^“P o9 a
eighteen people, prtrtr of
cd, made.bbmcjersr cre adl 3* bnm
£crecoanicd r?!n^.. d^ dpeo P ,e
U'gon to fall there. iVo ha? hovv cvcr.
l.ouo.waidpats, bahih^^^Jt a f U0l o wfcan
j tran
lottoVK, At’O’ci 0 bnra 64. bmao
of any parUcp>*v v clk m><:o *uvcttlhluir

the total lo« U JSn»Kd7. h* l
by taS’cSf Wth:
beini^s^ e c r Martas’'^'
•ve«cT, h*e^-St-to Gi25 4 B^ J 11 *!5“ >b J
Tiding ol the lu dur
‘rrr MICIUQ4X. VT V
ntcdLs^Mh^hwtee^iJt^y'tetr o mßC U
other4lne., the aS Stera raM?? “<*W>
of the tritat “o bolb o»de.
wee cracked, £ta ItaWciitiS- h? r window.
;nd Howard ”ll c ‘l bi, Ore,
;;'nnai..'»nd■ other huteS in- h^ 0 1 &t«"r
Nearly all Door tVnVw! 111 ffreat dancer
Und City ,ra, det.tervrt’tJStWi*I*fill'd 1 *fill-
'd- The denser at Sttlkc'ra kl
wariVdeve’ltartd h ran “‘’nio I ?iii” c ‘‘“T'J’ 0011
Rock, Porestvilic. Elm CnS- C .ii b^ c J uf w hlto
reedy deatrojed. the d t i 4 orc al
■water to escape dwtli a£d° «iSJr rlv f n ,Dto tlut
until taken as hy C Jl^ miinef VbSS
lumber, »filngtc>.'&c., have beoadl^? a^o^Mc, of
?*:Jr# D S a DUII Klim, and nearly all?.* ctl t ,ruß
from Birch Ban to Sarinnw ha* ii£ i: l l co «ntry
anditc»cVb?[n fe?^ oudor^
were also raging near Lanslnn K* r
Junction has been burned The rtif IWtoa ra uci
Jog In the Saginaw VnlW flrc are aiij] rac
bavo been, dnsaoyed. 8 inilLi t
ln\?,,g il<; «ve hit ii
D/tiroit, Oct.-14 —Tht'^r^^’
Port nnron^niuri^ U «J’|f' ic!,& n readied
refugeeaTr.m'the V«- "'ttntecn more
JarSd teTe 1 J?£f f.'gK
AhonUfolelectan'ltlir^f'A d»Ces vo
in Vw momentb
th rill Ur!HOS» iK- .’.ruction, consntr.ing
SonhMr'' .lion of 11.0 town. The
Vl?d Waa eaved •through the exor
eJouvJ? P ,V* ay «*npl°yea. There was no
j£C4ptfrf .oably not a building would hare
Unc^ n Waa arrested, U aald. In tho
of firing a building. Be was lodged lu ]*ll
MASONIC NOTICES.
Masonic,
The Mafterenml Wardinsof allibe lod-cso'r i
V. AA. M. ere ordered 10 meoi nl Ibe "Koranic
Temple, comer Eandolph ood Haleted, at 0 o'clock
J rlday morning.-Brorder'of'
JJCVUIT C. WtLUIKIi.QnmdHM-.cr,
BPBPIESS
William Di'^Kerfoot’s
REAL ESTATE AGENCY,
I eat the old place,
80. East "WAsmsGTos-ar.
Parties haying property in .the. .burnt
‘district they wish*‘tb' sell or
wilt do well to send
irfe descriptions.'
?/?Pre- t
j pared-to Invest
at once .for parties. East
and'Sonthi All-surveys* can be
made and all titles examined at my office.
-yrM. D,.
89 'WASnpoids-sf.
V,, D Kriegh' an d
•COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Office for the present at V
STAR AND CHESENT MILLS.*
at RandolpVet. bridge,
West Side.
Kilian Bros.
..r K Z v
Can be found
41 Weat-Lakc-st;
Office
-of
D -w. a.keitii i; cd.
at
~13 Slichigap-ar.
Jaoobß. ShipheVd Co.
BANKERS,
Ifil Twenty-eccood-st.;
Chicago
24 Pina-st., New York.
am°ra^ui»’ s {.-„.T2i ,It '’roved jmrfecl. and tvo
oaf Tteenty-se^idT^i lllolll t»'«n.ptioD at
Kimball and Co.,
(Late 163 Dearborn-si.. Room 3J
IK West Madidon-sl.. Rnnm tl.
Robert Rae,
LAW OFFICE
.14 South Clinton-at,
Fire lotroaaajhalcd free of eliac...
Farmington, Brewster jft Qo.,
WHOLESALE GBOC&Rg;
Have locatod their Office at
H2* INDIANA-AV.
Wo arc bhlldiriga store on ‘the corner opposite
onr old aland, and hot* to bo able. In a, few daya,
to reßnine opr bdpjneiii.:
i Foster,,
OPENED AT 309 WEST RANDOLT B-ST.
views op the ruins,- atitwestv-pive
FIFTY CEIiTtJ EACH*'
PtEAD YIN A day or vwol
Whole la jo and Retail Dealers in' STEREOSCOPES
A on band ready foi
J. B. Shay,
DRY Q0085.c.;.,
Lslc 113,114, and 116 Uke-st
Office, 750 Waba»b-av.
Page, Bro. Co.,
(Lalc'Sd.MLakc-0t.),'..
■iUy bo found ut Km; 35 und 3T Canal-*.;- corner
nashingtoa, f
WU 8000 Ol> on with a Bock of. Leather
The Law. OJljce
KIKG, SCOTT PAYS OK
la located at 637 Wabash»av
Edward S. Isham,
LAW OFFICE,
At &S4 TTabrndr-ar.
I.Thompson &Bishop,
LAW OFFICE,
i 7 Congress-st.
8. Di Childs, Jr.; Co.,
.KKGRAVRJJS AND- DIE SI^.KERS.
SS~[a* ,c Sfhgshorylßti, adjoining the
Oavanagh and Bodlle,-
257 and 589 North Wal er st v
"oy U A'lc-that
Walcbman, Manley
LAW OFFICE ANT)'
NOTARY PUBLIC.,
-WSODTfic.VXAIrSTj;
CHICAGO.
John Davis. 120.
Jlsro temporarily localcd el 100 and Vell
•Lako-at,, bare all ordon tir pen
have prompt attention.' l loai11 fiulu iT
Iron Cliffs C,*o.
Office, 04 South JcflSnton-at.
■I AMEs rood. Ae-ait
Roofers Ready.
POWELL, OETCEELL t -o
Comer LeSallc end iloim
Mead and O o e
eon. oar book, onrcr f
gHy for any banners a 4 c
33 RiotAarvjson’s Matches
days. r J HI ondcre. aa ajnal, In a few;
DCHANT, AjcdV *i
Sooth
uW^‘ ey and Denne hy,
w 2?*““ “S 001
thcltwtor n£*? c,a ap ~r,u
.on,. Office for lie proront at;
isa twexty-si\-ih.*t
Camp and Shatv,
MEAT MARKET,
ICtf West Madlsou-tt.,
■(Formerly 169 Wtohlngiori-at.),
Wi.lfam C HirsfVTrT 7
Formerly or ICO Wcrhlnjton-rt., Attorney t
1. now In nmo block andeamo room.
A. Goodrich,
ATTORNEY AT LA IV, 311 tFeat MonroMt.
the
emulated to Wacirc. u '"loabli; Jape™
BUSINESS CARDS.
John F. Wears.
3*l noisT'e.
HAS
OPEN*BD
ATs
RANDOLPH
-•;-f
BTOCK
-OP
PAINTS,
oils.'.
'AND
GLASS.
Thayer &Tobey Furniture Cq.V
.and 90 West fiindolph-st.
OFFICE AND OTHER FURNITURE
Made to order.
The Mechanics’ Savinas Bank;
1M TWZNTY-SECOND-ST,,
CHICAGO.
CAPITAL,
JACOB R. SRIPRERD, President.
>3 CHARLES B. SIIEDD, Trcoanrer.
Escaped without the slightest Injury, and Is
transacting business without interruption.
Furst Bradley’s
AGIIICCLTL’EAL WORKS,
O WTOtOL’ORTn jEPPERSOS.ST.
TO OUR PATRONS AND FRIENDS
Having providcutlally cecapud the great confiagra*
tlon. wo hereby Inform yon that wc ore prepared
to fill all orders as heretofore, and our business
will go .on afe nroal.'
Williams Thompson,
LAW OFFICE,
XCMBER AM WAD.VSR AVENUE.
Haskins, Martin Wheeler,
OFPICK
No. G6O South Caaal’St.
Arc prepared; aansnai, refill all orders for
SALT,
(tine,.coarse, and dairy),
CJJMEST.
and
STUCCO.
Durands
V WHOLESALE GRGCEUS,
poMgTrfgjeni «aj West Waabinglon-sls.
Tho bnslacsaof -Durand Bros. Powers,;and,;
Durands, Mead; cofiSplidatcd,’ end ell
matter*of bofti (Irma iattlad by then»A> Will have
groceries ready for sale immediately.
Chicago, Oct 12, lgn; 1
Whfeeler Hinman.
PATER BACK.
Onr office tor tho present will be at 30 North Jcf
rcrson- 6 t. Will have a,fhll slock of geode In a few
Collins Burgle,
STOVE MANUFACTORY haplns escaped
destruction from thc-great conflagration
j U now In fair operation
as usual.
CotnerVan Baron and Jofferson-ata.
Htnry Sohffillkopf Bro.,
GROCERS,
Formerly at 232 and SJW. Randolph, haw taken
I its WEST RANDOLTH-BT.,
And will bo-opon iu a day or two.
Fox aniTHp^ard.
.C OKTaACTfiRB for Dredging, Dock building
Rriflg tng/jicU Office 88, NORTH JCLINTON-ST.,
.Hutchinson and Luff,
Attorney* at Law, 3Si Wnbnsh-av., will giro
special alleiLllon to the examination and perfect
ing of .Utica to red estate'and* the negotiation of
loans.
c* b: Waite,
ATTORNEY AT LAST,
07 SIXTEENTH 3T.
Glassbrook,
REMOVED TO 145 TWENTV-SECONDST.
■WILL OPEN -POI! BUSINESS
OX 'MONDAY. 1 OCT. 19.
Frazer Lubricator Co. Saved.
.ORDERS FOR
FRAZER'S AXLE (IREASE
ANSWERED PROMPTLY.
1 QFFICE ES .CENTRE-AV.
.A GOOD SUPRtV;O.F CROCKERY,
LAJITS,
£>ftll descriptions.-
10£ Blue Ir jaud-avenac.
LTTDWIG TniSUEN.
f i .'fljcVtfjlUaras and Co,, i
J TROOT C E COMMISSION
Hare renamed business ut SS Wed Randolph-at.
H. Vsfone and Co.,
are prepared to
fill otdenp&ompUy-foealFirhodMn-their llflo. Tut
Mucilage, FI avoring Kernels. ToUct Goods, and
Perfumery of all kindafct sanitrpriCe as before the
Ore.
E. O. Crittenton Co.
COMM. ISSIOX MRRCRAKTS,*
HavcTC'.opontfV il'airWcsT~taEcrwhcrc they
*lll be prepared .to. hurdles &lljCpo<ignDcnts as
ha. •gtofurc.
-RomhotdiVOo.';
Late 2CC, SC6ond2lOllll.nolß Kt’ now, 155 Statc-al.
Having everything, jve earnestly request all
to ns tp aeon as roe a iblo.
\j r;i t 'J t
OFFICE
Temporarily at «07..Mlthisia-_' v Crippled, but not
crushed. tinkers fitted promptly.
<j. H. McqORMtCK 880..
'.TIAVE OP.Kii.-tfaEIR
COR.
ffiofioc.
Tbo-Office of ibo
iTR aOTEfI/.JM*
For the present, b lu basement, SW, Mkbfgana*.
i JK
D-;, M. .Oshisnr* jCo.; j
REAPERS AA I) MOWERS.
-Hamel raksom.
General Agent.-an Sonth Mnrr-«....t
Hi Mi Wilmarlh Bro;
222
Will hive fall
STOCK OP FiXTCRE* NEXT WEEK
Gas fitting to order.
Real Estate Office
A. J. AVEKELL,
L'o. 600 Walm«h-ai
_ T Hill ,aad Hawhe,
ATTOItXETs” AT LAW;
,r1
TK lifepared to trdjiJact all profession-,] fc us i DC s>
Co.,
V- 1 s
i
Will continne their business at
WEST
CnßlomjraremitUacwm pleue-do so In cipl
rency v;
STREET
wrnt
<T», tu. t
tom 8.-omUow i Balcf,
Send order* to
476 West Van Boron-st.
Codgflh. Slackcrel Ac.. Ac., on the war.
?105,00J
tWe aru already prepared to
give prompt attention to and'
fill directly from the factory all
orders for Ottawa Glass. At
present and until further no*
-tlce, our office will Wat No.
309 West Adams-st.
AL BTON, DEV OEA .0 0
-WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS
office,
\:?Tk7 r oib- wjusAm-A?..
OBDEBS SENT-TO US
"PiIXBD ABOUT 20TH 'lN T ST.
Chicago, Oct. lg, 1871.
VinifiN'EliY asd i straw goods.
Will open a full stock and be 'prepared ilo execute
PEASIBS AKD -LOOKINOOLASSES
Walnut base for drawers, and about 60 feet of
shelving for drug atore, for sals.
.J.: Clarke, Laytdn.&.Co.,
Culver, Hoyne’& Co-',
STATIONERS, PRINTERS, AND BLANK BOOK
MANUFACTURERS,
Noe. 11,18s *&d 15 North Bceplaincaet., Chicago.
Some:.presses running by hand nows hope to
bavo five pieaaoa running this week.; Blnderlea
and printing office* In other cities have generously
Rendered services.and are now running on aux work
.wilder oor supcnlslon/ ‘Staple good* are arriving.
Blank books expected to-day. Order* from, banks,
public officer*, railroads, and buslnesa house* in
sated. \Vo bend every energy-to meet de
mands. All persona indebted to us will please
remit et once, by'exchange on New York, money
orders, or express.-
COr.NEIi MADI3PN ASD HALSTED-ST.,
COFFERS:.,
ROASTED AND GROUND FRESH DAILY,
Wholesale and Retail,
Sammons, Clark 4 Co.,
Manufacturers of
Diet arc Frame and Cornice- Mouldings,
Square, Oval, Arch-Top, and Rustic Picture and
Mirror Frames,
Importers of Chromes,
Wholesale, Dealers in Mirror Plates, Backing,
i Cord, &c., Ac., J
continue to do business at their old stand,
IST and 199 SOUTH CUNTON-ST- CHICAGO.
PRODUCE AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Room 3, S, ff. Cor. Randolph find Canal-Bto.,
Chicago.
8. H. Mrt’KKA, ChtOtro. Bl
W. F. JOHNSON, Morrtfon. 111.
A. N. YOUNG, Sterling, 111.
fattlcnlir tomliif
Lath; and. Shlngtea py ihj iCargootJJar-Lsad},
AUO7 GnJtfboaghlftnd’sold’bn^lai^De.
Armstrong C 0.
WHOLESALE PAINTS AND, OILS,,
™h, brad .lomporartlj WtSUtl-rt. Wcin
prepared now to fill orders to city trade for any
amount of Carbon Oils, and will fill country orders
In ten days. Those owing ns will confer a great
favor by sending In cash or express, or drafts on
>ew \ork. i. __
■O.TI. DRAKE.'
Wholesale Dealers in
SIADDLEHY, HARDWARE, AND LEATHER
Former.*? of 160 Woahingtos-st., Real Estate
Dealer. U tv in Room No. I. in Bruner’s Block
Noa. 11, IS. 1A and 17 South Canal*«L
Offioefe in same blttk and tame room, and has
■Charge of renting offices in the block.
Formerly of SSC South Watcr-st., Commission
Merchants, have removed Jo same locality and
,c;: BUSINESS CARDS.
WHOLKSALE. Flan DEALERS,
470 WEST VAN BUREN-ST.
f u ,r j*
W- FISHM-
500 HALF BRLS NO. 1 WHITEFIBH,
E. E. BHOMILOJST i CO.,
Alston, Devoe 4 Co.
PAISTS, OILS, WIXDOW-Q LASS, ETC.
We beg to announce to our
friends and customers that wc
Late secured the .premises
2 57, 59, and North
Desplalnes-st., and win soon
be In position to resume bust*
J mess, having made arrange
ments for a full assortment of
rADttV.
v OILS.'
WINDOW-GLASS, AC
M. D. Wells Co.,
WHOLESALE
,'3OO T S AND. SHOES
Will bo
Hayesj" taibbons i Co, t
MANUFACTURERS
JOBBERS,
oWeris,
AFTER THE 15TH INSTANT,
at
431 STATE STREET.
A. P, C. Bonfe,
Manufacturer of
(From TGStAtoit.),
165 r WEST JNDIANA-ST.,
near Sangamon-at.
REAL ESTATE DEALERS,
f 3'«
STATE-ST.. UP STAIRS.
ireat East India Tea Company,
Can be found,
THEIR' OLD FRIGES
Before the great lire.
S. H. MoCrea Co.,
"Cook McLain,
-vDYins.
Removed to 303 Staie-M,, pear Harrison.
Rand, McNally and Co.,
fRINTEHS, ENGRAVERS, ETC.
JOS Randolph*?!.
Smith ar.d Duncan,
have reopened at
25 West Randolphst.
B. Fowler,
Willard N. Bruner’s
George W. Adams Co.,
uausuniSs CARDS.
Marelon' Peck Bros.;
WOOD AND WILLOW WARE,
TWINES fAND ,AC.
l 'rt K
PRESENT WABASH-iV,£
f r. l
Are building commodious quarters, Nos. iTS^hnS
P*
179 Mlcblgan-av., comer Jackson-st., and will soon
ft ‘•W A
.i r* ti
be ready to supply customers from a large and new
stock or good*.
Keith: Bros:
Respectfully announce the commencent iof- r
temportry brick building on the southeast' cor-,
ncrof r
deahbors park.
two stories, 79x173 feet, which will be completed
inaboal ten days, \thcn we shall be prepared to
.receive onr customer* and Jo fill all orders vrtth
our usual stock. In the present emergency 'we
shall nr at gratefully appreciate remittances,from
those Indebted tonnts t cither In New York exchange
or currency,""by mall ©repress,
tions should be addressed to our present office
916 Pralrie-av
BUpchard,; Bo rlamUa mfiC og
-v V 'k. vf *v
Would Inform their customers that the
FIRE
will not affect their ability to fill orders promptly
for
SHINGLES BY CAR-LOAD.
Address otden to comer like and Market-sts/j
FORD RIVER LUMBER COMPANY,
Office cor. Lake aud Jlarkct-sl?.
Orders solicited acd promptly filled.
H. H. CHANDLER.
Advertising Agfent
FOR V
TFilmne r Journal, Post, RepuWican
andMaO.
SOUTH SIDE OFFICE-416 State sli 1
WEST SIDE OFFICE -35 S.Canal-st.
Trego and Kellogg,
>1
t i
COMHISSIOK.MZBCnANTS,
y 'l 63 SOUTH’CANAL STREET.
Wc shall be read/to bandlo as for-
mcrlyits toon arc-ready to deliver
them.
Gallup and Peabody
k wlU, for ihc present. Lave :thcir
OFFICE
440 Wabaeh-av
C, W, Smith,
Formerly of, $4 and 86 LaSallc-st., will call at 306
WeatMonroc-st., will see bis brother,
Dp. J.-C, Paoli
Gait lie found at A.
comer Doimlng-at., neat. Prcttbyicriajj Theological
Seminary.
Rochester Machinery Manufacturing
Co.,
XL G. WORMER, Manager. 37 and 33 South Canal
st. comer Washington. Chicago. 111.;! manufa
cturers and dealers in Wood and Iron Working
Machinery, at old prices. Give ua a ca11..,
Louis Lloyd and Co.
RECEIVE ADVERTISEMENTS FOR ALL
CITV AND COUNTRY NEWBFAVBRS.
Olßo* E9 WESTRASb6LPH-ST.,Cbfe. J CLINTON
MJXUJfEBY.
WE STILtEivE.
Rave Resumed Busi-
ness.
h refill beiftldy to 111 orders
promptly, as heretofore, in a
few
please remit per Express or
Post Office Orders, Mid .help
us .prompOy-at
hour.
.vcc
H.W.& J.M.WETHfIRELL,
369.Wahaslwwr-“
Journal and. Post copy.
45 South Canal-st.,
CHICAGO, OcUlS.'
In tlx days we shall bate completed our .pew
itotc on Mlchigau-ar., between Vonroe and Adams*
t, where wo will bo read, to HU oil orders for
MIIiIKEEY AND PANCT'tfODCS.
Wc hate a large duplicate ttock of Imported gooda
't; of. *1
in the New York Custom House, frem which wc
shall be ready, by the 20th, to show n large assort*
ment of goods at as low prices as'ever.
MvYHON. DALY CO.
Hewes Prescott,
Have already got Ihcir stock
„MILUNEBY G00DA,...
-,'-r 'j'\i
v s-opcacd-at*
:Z ul.'i; t -i-a:
113 Twcnty-BCCond-sl,
where they will beglad to see their/riends.
Mrs. D.' A. Jackson’s
PATTERN ROOMS
will be fonnd at 301 WestMadison-st. All orders
were burned, and those not received by customers
will be attended to immediately upon reccint of a
dapUcatcordcr.
IPSKETOBL,
Furniture,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM-FURNITURE.
OFFICE FURNITURE,
To be had at whtdesale prices'at 177 Wert Ran’
do’.ph-St. KUBU3CHKYV* lIAIJAJfN,
And at U5 West lake-st.
OSWALD KUBITSCHRy,
MISCEIXANEOUS.
I TEAM OP HORSES TAKEN ODT OF THE
A Are tiock, marked V. Hmdy, 1403. The owner
an And tbetniatNo. QOAsbley-st.
A LOST COW CAN BE FOUND AT CORKER
Bine Island-av. and Pduli„a-dt.. which the own*
•rain have by proving property. MICHAEL CON-’’
NOR.
r-a MBS’ ENGINESsPORTABLBSTO 40-HORSE
Cx power; ind 10-bdae; circular saw;
mills,-tForamonTs grinding.milfc,. corn ehellera,
bdUnm COLONS RATON, Agent, TU South
JauaJ-st. T?
A GOOD SUPPLY OP CROCKERY 5 GLASS
tX ware. and lamps of ait description* 1 103 Blue
tsrand-av. LUDNVIG'TmEBEN.
A CCOUNT BOOKS LOST-IP ANY PERSON
Q. has any hooks belonging to T» F PHILLIPS
please notify-him at OS Canal-st., near Madkon-flt.
A TTENTION-IP LIZZIE B. JOHNSON -IS
nraonu the living she will And her brother,
KAYSIOND.It. JOHNSON, by culling at No. 4
Hubbard Court.
40RSES FED—HORSES FED AND CARED
for at our farm, fnurteon miles from tbs city.
Apply to (L H. BECKWITH ft* SONS,* 733“ Wa
aeb-fiv.
Uls. &IMU.S S Wirt, A.\l> CiilXOJ ai iva
m WestAdams-st.
fF J. H BASH WILL CALL AT WM.TOOKErs.
I Webstcr-av., near the lake shore, they will And
their furniture.
IF JOHN B. CALHOUN'S FAMILY IS SAFE
I please communicate with Mrs. GATSELL, 153
West lodlnna-rt.
JOHN AND ANNA PAYNE FIND MAGGIE
Payne at North >Vood-st., 3d door north of Cly
home-place.
ILLEIt Jr RIODON.iI BAD ESTATE OFFICE.
200 West Madison-st. Real estate bought and
-old, rents collected, Ac.
All commnnlca
JGDOX'S REAL ESTATE OPI
flcp,2<X) Wett Property booirhi
and sold. rente collected, etc.
PARTIES WHO BORROWED TUBS OF HUGH
X BRADSHAW; 209 West ,Lak«. t t., will please
return them to-day and oblige:
SIBLEY ENDICOTT. WHOLESALE GKO I
ceps 117 Tu-cinU-st., comer Clinton.''
mOWNSEND lI7Tu.SE, OCONOMOWOc7wiS.-
I All old patrons'6f this ioatitntlon urc invited,
fri-O gratis, to conn* and-accept uf,ita_bosplialilics.
Address C. TOWNSENU. .Oconomowoc, Wig.
Thft, papers of d. harrT'Uahmer and
Frank J. Smith, Attorneys, we on safe; busi
ng-* resumed at 379 Statc-st.
\X7ANTED-A COPT OF LAST SUNDAY’S
-TRIBUNE, fer which a’ Jlbcral'pricc will be
paid. Apply at the counting-room of the Tribune
office. 'I
Tint LIAM 1) KEKKOOT IfTTVANIED BY
fY;Pay, 7SI Bormlde-tt.
INVEST A FEW’THOUSAND
Tr dollars cash in commission or other business,
with the right man who has an established busi
ness aud some capital. Address at once, slating
when and whcic a personal interview with'the
first party can be had—on the West Side—W JS,
Trtbnne office.
WANTED A GOOD BLACKSMITH ONTJ'
accustomed to country work* Apply at 112-
West Lake street, from 9 till 3 to<!ay.
A SINGLE HORSK“fMICK
TT neatly now, at 11 and 13 West Madlson-et.
WANTED— A GOOD FINISHER—ONK CAPA*
hie hr taking charge nf a bookbinder'/. also
one good ralcr, apply at West WaabUmloo-iL
WANTED— HATTMIIS- f<:, A WEEK.' ,\D
drew C. L. SCUWINNEPEB, Port W»rnc,
WASTEB-EOB>KWiIK OWNEiToTOSS"
of the largest and beat farms, locatod within SO
miles of Chieago* with four luge barns, filled with
nearly 900 tons of excellent hay, ia nor? prepared to
receive, front responsible parties, a llraiwdtmmbcr
of horses to be kept during tbc winter. Application
should bo madu immediately at 1481 Pralrlo-av.,
Chicago. *_ ‘f.
WANTED— BUSINESS LOT—WE WISH TO
lease for a term of years, a lot. suitable fur a
wholesale store, to be located between Randolph
and South Watcr-sta., Michigan-av. and Sintc-st.
Apply In person or- by letter to CURTISS
CAUTEU. 80 and 82 West Randolph, formerly 75
South Water.
WA RELIABLES SALESMAN,
who Is well acquainted with the Northwestern
trade, by H. A. STONE «t CO., Manufacturing
Chemists and Perfumers, proprietors of Slone's
Fare Flavors, 214 West Madison-st., Chicago.
WANTED— PRESONSUpT OF EMPLOYMENT
to sell wasbid-ftoachlnes. Apply *t the man*
aloCtory, No. 3t Jeffcr*OD-£t.
jCSTBD-TENANTS FOB i'Ob’lt STOlifis;
with basements, 20x100 and second stories,
southeast comer laSoUc and, Mlchlgao-ets. (tun-,
ncl entrance); SO-iucb walls, completed within 30
days; commission merchandising’ or manufactur
ing. Apply on premises, Ua.m.or 2 p. u. IL 11.
UAAFF.
\\J ANTED— A GIRL TO. DO’ GENERAL
If honsewonc. at 81 West Adams-at.
ANTE® -500 LABOBEBS FOB TUB CHI.
cago, Burlington Si Quincy Railroad; free
hire: no olllce fee. Also, men for Michigan, Wis
•consin; and Illinois. Apply at No. 22 MHwaukee
av- ANDREW- O. BlNif CO n Agents: I>rD: L.
WELLS CO.. Mthv.aukeo.
iif aNTUJ-A.G'QoD ’MILLINER; ONE USED
VI to Apply
WANTED— 2 OR 3 NO. 1 CUSTOM pf/AT
makers; to go In a country town. good wages
and steady work: none but steady hands need
apply; men with families preferred.' Apply at
onco at-ITG Twcnly-tfflHt., between Wabash and'
Mlchigan-ars.
oati gt
J. H. SMITH.
CXTT REAX ESTATE’
pOR S ALB-A NEW MARBLE-FRONT HOUSE
f completely furnybed, on Mlcblgau-av., be*
tween Thirtieth andThlrty'-first-sts.; terms cash for
furniture six annual payment* ou house. with In
terest, ou yeara* time. Apply to J. H. ROBS,
corner of Twenty-sccOnd-ft. oml Wabaab-ay.
T7XII SALE-HOUSE. OF 5 ROOMS, TWO
;T blocks from South State*st. Inquire att£i)
Buttcrilald-fit.
TOIC SALE—BY C. J. CORSE CO.. REAL ES
p talc Agents, Koom 0, Yales DptUtag, corner c. r
citoaj and Randolph-sts.,—house and lento \,t Jot
comer Hoisted ana Wost Monroc.ste. House and
tot.-tOsUy, No. 23U Porquer-a*.
SIAUBUT FRONTS, JUST
i fiuUcd,
gonfronts—first-class u._ 1 fownSSi
av., corner ol Thlrlicth-st., to ia. Sj
on favorable tfrffla. S.As E. AS HITS WJ
Wabash-av. y jf.
Fr sale-building corner state and
Twelfth-st., occupied by Willet’s carriage
works. u
Fur sale—hotel, st rooms, long, low
lease, near Northwestern depot,.brick build
ing,*cajreaslly be made d first-class hotel: also, a
well-located brick hotel on the North Side. 33
.rodmsftvhh lease. Eithdrof-these will make a
man a fortune. The future of Chicago wa P never
so bright as Ic-duy.. Apply.,to W. 11.-BBANCIS,
Real Estate Agcnr, 230 west Randolph-fit.
I »OR SALE—AT. COTTAGE,GROVE, SEVERAL
fine houses. with monern conveniences and
possession. A, J. SAWYER. SOQ Colfox-av..
OK SALE—BY A. J. AVEItELU ATHISPHES.
cnt office, GOO Wabash-av. —house and lot on
Pre xfcl Av., -two -1 blocks Muth -of OakwoOd-av.
Lot 50x180: house 30x02 ft, nearly new. Frlco,
be' soldiurcTsDed.
tm SALB--0R TO RENTr-W SOUTiLSIDE
thrtfe' nfarhlo fronts, cheap.
house of 11 rpojaa,
FrameTrouseof 0 room*.
Apply at 134 South Fark-av.
SMITH OADWELI*.'
T?OU SALE-OR TO RENT—NEW BRICK
T house on West Willard
place. Cal! at corner house'. SMITH J5 CAD
WELL.
77011 SALE-THE LARGE AND CONVENIENT
J. building southeast comer of Adams and Hal
(itcd-sts.f 4 btorics high, 100 feet long to 40 Icel
wide; will ?cll on time or part cash; don’t ask
fancy prices. Squire on premises u> THOS. F.
WALL. g
robtmßAN reax
Fill SALE—f 1,000 WILL BUY A BEAUTIFUL
new 7-room cottage and lot, at North Evanston.
*2OO down and sls per month until paid. IRA
DROWN. Masonic Temple, comer Randolph and
Ualsted-sL, Room 6., .1 e
•wjrOß SALE-LEASE AND FURNITURE COM
'J? House on Pralrie-av.. near Twenty*
sixth-sC £r ,,PCB to rental Hyde Park. FRAN
CIS W. COR*:?, Real Estate Agent, now at 363
State*st.
FJR SALK OK to RENT~ at MAYWOOD—
a first-class residence, with all*mo^ ern improve
ments, on reasonable terms, luaulrfi v» A.
ItOBB.-ISaMadUon-fcL' w
HOUSEHOLD GOODS
FR SALE—POE CASH-NEW HOUSEHOLD
fnrnitnre. cheap, with privilege of lease of
fonr rooms. Apply at once at No. 592 West Erie-ct.
pOR SALE—FURNITURE ANDtEASE OP A
room- dwelling house, Twenty'-sc^
6DSEHOLD GOODS—J. liTpXKE. AUCTION
ecr, la located at 757 West Lake-at., and ready
to receive householdgooda and general merchan
dise on commission, or attend to sales outside.
oTOCK OP FURNITURE FOR SALE 01115X1%
O and store to rent or for sale; size 20x340 feet,
brick basement, and 2 stories. 09 WostHadison-st.
BUSINESS CARDS,
GS. HUBBAKP* dR., REAL ESTATE AGENT,
No GS Cunal*Sb<*'will }eaao hpnacs, collect
rents, sell real estate, ikd do SX kinds 6f convey*
"anclug. Several-well-J£r<at£d raaidcnces lathe
West Division for rale. All ihsirgfte of title and
other papers In my care mu ad from UU grc. G. ts.
HUBBARD. JR.. U6 Canal-rt.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
WANTED-TO TRADE 40 ACRES OF GOOD
lowa land for hone and buggy* Inquire at
185 Liucoin-av.
WANTED TO KENT,
WANTED-TO BENT-A LARGE BARN OR
shad, fur Ihc purpose of storing agricultural
implements West Side preferred—distance no
object. Address J. I>. EASTER CO., <3 South
Canal-st.
\A7 ANTED—TO RENT—IF YOU HAVE
v v stores, dwellings, or rooms to rent, yon
can find good tenants and have leases executed
wltpout e*tra charge bv leaving descriptions at my
office. cj, s'JTLES, Hi West Randolph-
It.
B£AHHXN£R¥f
Blandys stationary and portable
engines and saw railbr. etc., at the old stnnd.
corner of tyjw) jjnrt Washlngton-tts. V. W. NOR*
TJJROF*
WANTED.
«POK£iVT ASUITE OF THREE ROOMS FOR
la dentist, or a lawyer. Apply at IS
Harrison, between
TO RENT—A «’AIt*»IK,DSfJ WITH
railroad facilities, smtiMfl tor'atdrtfco, j,ear
Forty-fifih-bt. Apply T. It, WILSON, W Sooth
Canai-st.
a H) RENT—A NEW.2-STORY FRAME HOUSE;
U rooms, on Jndlana-av*..soar Thlrty-third-at.
Apply!*. R. WILSON. 51 Sooth Cnnal-tt.
mOiIENT-A LABOR BOUSE AT RIVER?*IDE,
X partly furnished irdesircd..Tenns reenable.
Rent may be paid in board if preferred. Eiuiuins
of S. n. 0.. Mkhlgnn-ar.
TO RENT-OR FOR SALE—NO. 4i> SOUTH
May-st.. between Washington and Madison
at old prices. SNYDER LEE. Real Rstate
Agent*. Kg. 9 Sooth Halatcd-at..-Masonic Building.
f|lo RENT—I. 3, 02 3 JIOOMS, 04x150 FEET
X well lighted, withfor without nower. Ma
chinery for rale. Apply to ADAM* SMITH 51
Soat£Joffcraon-*t.
mO KEXT-AND rUILSITUUK FOli SALE—
J. House of u jooijjs; with, bath. room, water
Closet, hot and cold water. cir. r CVUI at No lift
Cottage Groveav..
pajy-spcoNj) FLOOuSr3s<r6nV£sf
7 ,mms: Apply at No. UJ. t sfmh
BPSINESSCHAWCEB.
F'iL BAL GI iP, CEIiY FULL STOCK, GOOD
&SSS: fffflgifej!"? BoarJ ofTnK I"i:EI
FOU SALE—HOUSE AND STOCK 808 SALK
on No. 167 West Lokc-st.; 1* years” ground
cayq, J
FOU SJXK-LEASE OK BUILDING. SALOON.
Block and fixture?, narlJ*oa& corner of JLiMcd
and Van Bnron-sts. Inquire at Nn. guqlfi Hal
rted-fil.. ponlbcast corner of Adamant.
HAVK~Tb’U“A~FLACK OP BUSINESS TO
sell? W. n. Francis, SSO West KandoJph-eL
will find you a ready customer. Do you want to
berjpood business? W. 11. Francis, 230 West
Itod'SWj*. ),uc splendid chances to make a
jkrtasl. r r,, _ __
SALOON AND WLLIaKD I}OUM~FOR SALU.
beet location in Oblcngo; •eVorjibine'bew' and
’5. flr V; c! l order. Per particulars call at 3J3
West Jladlton.si., comer Aberdeen,
TO RENT.
TO RENT-.BT W31.1L SASIPiON, REAL Es
tate and lIouM-ltcDtiDg Agency,. 31S West
washlngton-st,.
_Two£t°ry and basement marble-front. house on
West Waeulngton-su, near Curiis-at.,12 rooms;
Ibmitnro for sale.
807 West Washington-st., 13 rooms-
Very desirable dwelling rooms in new brick
block on Halstcd-st., near Harrison**!.:
0384 West Washlngton-et., two-atory and base
ment brick boose, 15 rooms, modem Improve
ments.
654 West Wasbicgtoa-st, two-story and base
ment brick, with a bam. Also, furniture for sale.
Frame boose «l Oakwood, 10 rooms and bath
room. Furnished rooms, with or without hoard.
Two-story and basement brick bouse on llouorc
&t.,'first boose sotztb of Van Buren-at., 10 rooms.
STORES.
9CB, 90554, and 010 West Lakc-et, Two new
brick stores on Cottage near Twenty,
eighths' Large frame store on Blue IsLmd-av.,
near Harrisoa-st.
A large list of bouses and stores In all parts of
tbc city.
I\o KENT-ONE OK BOTH STOKES AT fkV»
and 038 Stated. Inquire within. --Deep stores:
fiw n ST—HOUSE 13 PAKK-AV- SPLENDID
Jjocailon,*with furniture for?ale. MYEU, FOR-
RfcV A CO.
mo KENT—BRICK‘.BUILDING U4G WABASH-
I av.. corner of Twentv.flrat-sl., for bank. Apply
at 947 Wabash-av.
TO RENT—A LARGE BUILDING ON COR
ncr of Thirty-firvt-st. and Cottage Grorycv..
»tiitablc for a hotel, wholesale stores, or railroad
ofUces. T. S. FITCH CO., Iff! Dcarbom-st., old
stand.
TO RENT-SEVERAL DESIRABLE HOUSES
on South and West Side. T. S. FITCU CO.,
163 l>earbom-at., at old eland.
O RENT—MV HOUSE 3U7 WABASH-AV.,
suitable fora bank or Insurance ofllcc. Annly
on the premises. ARTHUR G. BURLEY.
rRKNT— BY* 11. C. MOREY. 17 SOUTS
Canal-st., 4th story No. 50 West Randolph-st.,
20x70 ft, Two ilory andbasement .brick house.
\au Buroo-st., near Throop, Sfß., FumMtod
house; 8 rooms*. Jaefcsou-st. near Wood, SOO. Store
120 Blue Islaud-av. for gale, with' cottage lu rear.
Possession. sl,qao. Parlies having houses or
stores to rent at reasonable rates are requested lo
leave taelr H>ts.
r RENT—SUITES OF THREE ROOMS. Ox
Ist and 3d floors Thompson's Block, on West
•JladUon-bl., suitable for insurance business or l«w
--0r an licltt business.- Apply to WM.
Bl™ OMPSON S3 8 lla<l suu '-'l-. Thouipsou’s
rno kknt~a riOusfi’oif suve* KuoSTiTS
-4,1* t.-toa-Mny whonrill boy furuiiii^
U lo Sß^l> huums.-cottage
-house, \»7-1 auliua-tt., near Madison Annlv
prcciisoK. with reforeucoß. A PPO
Mudison-Et., near Aberdeen.*!
*TU>, J(CN'Tr-Olt FOR kc
:ilho? alc
mp HENt-L<UiGB BRICK SfWt^hwifU
m sSffitSr 1 und hoiMn
Tre« i MnM~vS^^ L f tTl ’l*s iSuE1 “KICK
vtl*».i. n c i^^rr Iweuty-oightU-at., between
IVico t,r r t “K“r'-'.
r T t ln? BK j _A BASKaENtTWi-. AND o
>toSTem»le. V r t I aM IRV BROWN.
basement. in
Jroo m** S a hydrant and extern
V f a J«lt P° r mo »th. Pnmlture and U tons
of coal for sale reasonable;. Apply at 782 Fnltontfl.
T°i2S, T ~F°™ G EnOI*SKn>;OKTUiIOR.
Si w JP 0 6 Furniture mpatbcsold
ilayt'^ onB( 2001, CallatlUe hoasa for two
T° fl SS2T" 1 W2 5 AiXAOii SUITABLE FOR
boarding bouse or hotel, with bam, car*
nngo,icc. and gardener's houses: tho dwelling con
tains 22 large rooms, .loc/cding W. *Mx3O. three
dining rooms .ground In connection. SU) feet on
Vlnccones-OY. by AJO feet In depth, with a drivc
iJ L I ar, °P enin ff into the South l*aric Bon’e
vard, SO-ournsr gas machine with pas in it, 7 coal
W.0u.0!
mo KENT—VALUABLE DOCK ON CIIICAUO
-1 a\. Apply (o BARNU3I i KICUARDSON,
■Maimfact Couipany, 61 Somh follbrsoD-et.
mO RENT-95 BLUE IE LAN D-AV.—brX~N ICE
>A sbitablo-cUborforArchttcct’s office, or
photographic gallery. Apply 292 West polk-at!
TO RENT—TIIREE ITIONT ROOMS AND
claolB; fumUnro for sa|o; second story. 559
south Llark-st.; suitable for offices. Inqnlre ou
promises from 9 a. meto 414 u. m. 1
TG' RENT-TWO lUTILTIINIIs .Hxiw EACH
nim power totem. Inquire 01 498 Milwaakco-
TO EtNT THE FHUNT HALF OF OUR
baaemeut. 10 foot celling, ami well llehtecl am]
LT.K r lu ATKINS i BDROESS,
bb North Cllntoo-at. 0
TO KENT HOUSE. 8 ROOMS, WITH ALU
conveniences; SBO a month; furniture for sale
to ICSflat. Apply nt 1080 Imlli.-na-av.
KENT—FURNISHED HOUSE WlYll LONG
fjirnUnro for sale. Call at 2M Calumet-
TO RENT—THE
ldonee, with from yard, shrubboiy.' hmotnlu.
and barn, fronting Union Park, corner of Park and
Ashlaud av*.. by H.jC. MOREY.J7 Canakst.
TO RkNT-4. KIHST-CLfliy’ii JJOL’SK, iliCUl
gau-av., sccon.d doucsaujh pf Twonty-eKiU-at.
Terms reasonable. Apply d\ iiouse.
TO KENT-FIVE ROOMS. NICELYFURNISIf.
ccl for housekeeping; Furniture for talc, all or
COKEY. WSLTZ MiUU rel ClaES K
ma-KENT— HOUSE,
J. forplabed flrat-class. tp Twenty .slxth-st.
CtTORE FOR iIENT AND GUOCEitV’STOCK
o for pale. In a good locality In the Won Dlvt
five blocks beyond the bridge. Apply at 133
Sooth Griteu-sL, corner of. Adams-st.
TO? WITH BASEMENT.
In good iocalKvi J35 pew wontlc t) rooms.
Ilusxistvru and hydrant wator, Furniture.
orcHhtcj-y, licddlng, t» tons* coau «£c.. h»r
$1,200; mvderj*o CEtlidale. Apply at 783 Pol
ton-si.’--
mO RENT-TWO LARGE STORE*. APPLY
•tttSH.and tW| Blue
BASEMKMT BOOM.
I'-niVahtr^,inw JC 7': r
430 West Wuhlngton-it. Also. larc. _^ n, fOoau.
\vllliboard. Apply at 443 Weal WeahinEluli-tl.
TO RENT—THE BEhTUKAL ESTATEOFKICE
ip tho cl tv; Inquire ol Room 7,-3 M South
icsndolph-et., Ltod s Block, near tho bridge.
mO RENT—TILL MAY I—FINK SUITES OF
L rooms at 4W-Wabaeh-av.; suitable for banking
insurance, orjvhoiesolo business purposes.
TO RENT- F URN I»H ED~HO US K~N uT“810
Michigaa-av.. near Tuunty-secoud-st. Apply
on premises. Immediate possession given.
TO RENT-A NEW 2-STORY HOUSE OF9
rooms, sonthcast corner of Calnmel-av, and
Twcnty-sixth-rt. IVA.DROWNS379,CaInmet-av.
rno RENT—TWO GOOD LOFPS AND BAHET
X mc«t. Apply at warehouse SQQIh Dos
plalnee-ot. A. KIDDER.
Torrent —in ffioMi*soN*B block, on
\Vcst-31adIsoD-st., store and hasomant. Store
25x70, height of ceiling ILfcet; baseman! 25x70
height of celling 9 feer. ’Suitable for anv hnd-class
basinet*. Apply to WJI. U. THOMPSON. Real
Estate Agent, 339 West Madlaon-st., Thompson’s
Block.
fllO RENT—HALF OK STORK IN FIRST-
X class location, with dxtnres, all in suitable lo
cation for halnvork, hate, fprs, Ac. Apply at C2l
West Lnka-sr.
TO RENT-ABASEMENT FOR COMMISSION
or-maiia&ctorUig business at SI W. Adams »L
D. STORKS, on promises.
TO RENT—PARTIES WANTLNO TO BUY A
nice aet of parlor and bedroom furniture, with
or without the rent of a pleasant suite of three
rooms, will do well to call at 103 South Joffurson.
TO RENT—HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS; ALL CAL'
somlned, with part of farnitore for sale at 9U
Dftßnyiriar.-sf,
mo BSKT-BTOKta AND, DWEEUXIiS OJT
I l "csf Side. New bride dwclfc£al Den I’bdnen,
10 minutes fide. EDMOND U. STU.ES, IliW.
Randolph-^.
TO RENT—STOCKS, OFFICES AND DWELL
logs. Apply to W. Jr SAMPSON, real estate
and houea runting agency, qiß W..Washlngton-st.
TO RENT—NEW OCTAGON MARBLE FRONT,
1151 Michigan, just flnlfhod with all modem im
provements. S. E. ASHLEY MEARS.
PERSONAE.
A KNOWING- THE WHERE ABO nv
•aJL of Alfred Flores, mission since ihi*
winpjeaseoddrcgsS. hi sA ]&bti!fe t tote flre
/.N'FOKMATIOy WANTQi-op TIIQS RinT
fully deceived by hia father, at 21G Mirnell g^ 16
I P I,P?,°r RG£ A- MA LLEV WJSHEsTOFIXU
*ss r ssss;
M ISS -'n fT^S 3 ebsestke~shmTdt7op
iasS®S^aww
WtlilgSiZS KSe
M’Chto^Fui
store of A. L. ll«le Rrm 6 at
and oblige. \V. RAYNOR.'’ D at 10 a. m..
6*
at 2ttn Mlhratikne-uv. AIMMSHAIip”* 11 and m
piHSUXA^U-ILLIAM'DX^O^uT-Ro
at Nu. -o Slxteenth-et. Mrs*. U. B. BANNABD
P Eli SONAL--PAPTaDTa. UONSINGKR AND
7? C- T,* Henderson will address the “Scissors
sasr c «?^ss
P EIW ON AEi—W ILL MR. LONG, OF THE
MaDufacutriiig Company, is in town.
PERSONAL SIRS. MATILDA"' BROWN*
mother of Mrs. A. B. Kenton, lost early Mon*
twymoniiuff. with load of furniture, from We
rw»ideuco of A. B. Kenton. i»j Huron st. Will the
lt\o mco having chargo of the lady and load report
°f Fulton and Jcfferson sts., or 132 sal-
Pth^n*^ L—MK. WllALtjiu. FtmMpRT.Y OF
i^sl^^ v {siuS'a e nd c d ,ddreM
ffi^^ s T s® i aFS^
ffourth-av.. in earn of Hra. Smith.
"H LOVC,?rw ~—gy
RENbiIAU am at HB3 Indlana-ar.
RBIhDLB ROBEK'ltt CAN BE KbUND \T
?_J y oo<rs i No. 305S rato-afc T
W ll B''*' 8 ADDIUSSS Oft”'CALL ON
..audoWAsU' C OOD Immodl:lto| y. at 1» West
TATII.L THE GENTLEMAN WIl6 GAVE HIS
Mr. Officer, who took charge of the
ill 1 r^ ir iH youn e* ou the comer of Van Boren
SIS. k .**l: ?2L i lind *y communicate or
hritig her to 3Kj Fo.ton-st. JAMES cttat.mkth3
LOST*
Lost- -un Monday morning, the am
a bundle of Indy’s clolblnfc. tied la»sheel
lukyu from 207 Mlchigan-ar., and. put ja -A wagon
containing goods said to belong to Mr; Lev? or
Lajvv. Amonff the contcatß were as album of for
S 1 1 r OU i?s ap^a a v bUe opera cloak, opera glass,
be rewarded. S
T k^'vakd—Xblacktrunkcov.
JJ talnlng theatrical wanlrobo, of no use "but to
rew^U 1^0^220 übafifa av receive the above
T. OSI v use dark bay horse.
Jj switch tall, about 8 year* of age; taken or led
iopi tVtV t naar conicr dackson tad Canal-sts.
LULU at Justice Sinrtcvant’a office, comer
n cat Randolph nud Canal-sts. uvr
LO TUB~LATE FIRE,' A TRUNK
,U HochsUdter,Phlladel-
KHi®- 1 c was lost somewhere on the North
Side, near Superior and Cass-ete. Kinder will bo
rewarded by leaving word at 194 Weal v-dlgon-st
I'obT-ON MONDAY NIGUT A TRUNK WAS
IJ lost afaw blocks south of Nortb-ar: bridge,
containing tiro account books of the Northwest
taper Co. Anyone having knowledge respecting
them Is requested to. communicate It to the com
natiy. 8, West Lake-eL A suitable reward will
be paid, and no questions asked.
TOST-ON A COTTAGE GUOVE-AVv CAR!
JLj coming north, about 3 o’clock p. m. Tburvdav.
r *,h7r br^ fl bhawl The Under will be
paid $lO if he will bring it tq HORACE WHITE.
Tribune othco, 15 CanaUat.
T OSJt nott
Jjlcalhor trout, marked R. T. A.. Chlcaco
Carried off about Ba.m. Monday. The flmlorwill
U “V IDK 3315t0
TnTr? v Y IIUI£SI 7 ONIiOIOTSIDE. JOUJT
U LBItAN. coruor of Clinton andTaylor«sts^
T Obt OUR Was
JJ last seen going south fall of goods, hauled
by band power, on Mlchlgan-av, Oar name in full
is on the wagon. Plndcrwill be well rewarded on
reporting to ARMSTRONG. 3St State-sL
I ObT-MUS. GEORGE INNESS, 55 YEARS
U plu. Had ou a black and white do lalno drees
aad black bonnet. Was lost seennear the comer
orljiish find Indinna-sts., at 3 o'clock a. m.. last
Honday. Any person kuo)vlug of her whereabouts
scud iiitonkatioulp m gashing.
Lost— trunks, valise, and bundles,
marked C. S. Waller; carted from North: to
'Vest Sidp dqriug Arc. Will nay SIOO for Mfc dc*
Uvory, atß7UWabaehHtv.' H
T OST-TA£EN I'ROBABLV BY MISTAKE
U from the office of the Metropolitan Hotel, on
Monday afternoon, October 9, a black: leather
valite; the contents were of no valde except to the
owner. Please return Uto th,» Metropolitan Hotel
office, and p liberal reward will be paid.. oso. a.
Found— a stray gray horsE, weßch
Um owner can have by-proving property .and
payini; charges, at S. U. HINES, Corner of Adams
and Ciinton-tts.
IOUND-ON THK9TH INST., A BAY HORSE’
about 5 ycint okhwhlch the otfder can hare
applying at 3»sWestTwelfth-st.
QTIIAVED-ONB UArtK 01! AY HOUSE, 5
O years old, striped uir both shouttlcri'from Ml*
lar.an'd part of duvnc worn off; S3O“ retVard.
RICITIUiW-sET). AbenJcop-st.
AJ OTICK *3O REWARD—TWO TRUNKS
S. W. Bwyer,
tekea by a friend to "t eCJs# ItSB, Wt.«
shore. Also, one chest, 3 feet long, 1 fool Bor *m
inches square; eight camera tabes. Any party
returning any of tha-abovc will receive tho above
reward, icuc same at Tribune office.
otRAYEi) TRaymoPoc.
O tober. a Jargh bay horse, frofci jarttfh?
house of the JVB, Bice, Weigh* 1)300 pounds; hjn*
back, ten years old. hind feet white, black Spot.on
off b!p. belong* fo,R. A. WUliam*. Tbo Fho Mk/*
shal will be In bavu him returned; andtyiil
anything peijeonablfc Jjjs R.
rpAKEN DP—TWO DORSES. ON WEST MOlT*
X tos-el. t oa the 10th of October. Call At No. QP
Feoriarst., prove property, npd puyfbsirgns.;
Taken up-one pare ches^nutporss,
10 or 13 years old, on Monday, 9th insL. ter
SAMUEL OLpSTON. R No. 8 gubbaid-*l 7
IIAKEN FROM THE REAR OP »W
sl. Kondxy morpipe. during the Urn. aXebptic
springs new, body palptcd grepp,
wheels red. no shafts on; subsequently a horse w.eu
let loose into the street; the horse Is black. wlih
white spot ia forehead, no shoes cm- bind'feet;
Whoever will return the horse or ,wagon will be
suitably rewarded. JOHN GAMkIELL, formerly
ESRUfU-st. Communicate with Eagle dS Co.. 99
West pake-sL
OQK REWARDr-ONK SMALL TRUNK LEFT
o>/gU In XASalle-st. tunnel. inarfedD.'E. BAfr
KLBAUM. Apply at BHggs V
C*Ok REWARD-FOE TpK RETURN o>' .A
p4t> Pl3(n
rracq 339.N0rt0 LaSallo-sL, together with full load
of fmnitnra. Apply to W. H. ESTES. Jgl 9l ul (t*
West \Va»hiugfoD-Hf.
FORBAUS.- 1
FOK SALE—SJXi) KEGS NAILS. BY PLATT,'
THORN Jb MAYNARD, 9 North Canals*.
Fob sale-drug stork, good fixturesT
cnd.stodk. fyotljya jr);b glass labels. <tc„ every’
thing ready for'easiness; a fair estib*
IlsUcd; cash, or approved -papfer on 'JI. luw’ulhz’.
time. will, be taken J js2Aoo.'' ’Xddre«Pu.‘
SWgEy. corocrofDevptaines anaKlnzfc-et.
COR A KEV gTART-TUE g. O. miILDINQ
F Co, will farnisU yon aluii an fedr,
papered'and painUd, on I day»'. n mits. £br SIOO
larger In proportion. Leave orders'-at l&ltt&r*
born-et.
FOR BALE-A NEW ENGINEER'S TRANSIT?"
Vllb level combined. Made by Prentice, of
j*J» Afjdreea t. C. MASSING, No.isi!J
BOARDING.
A A TrALNUT*ST.. NEAR PAULINA-ST.—
TttGood board and. fufuUbetl rooms for a rcsbec
table Citmiiy.
A SOUTH SAN(iAMON-ST.—FOUR PLEAS
tU ant famished fooma to rent, with board,
i*)Q SOUTH UALSTED-ST.—IWILL TAKE
tOO one family of two or. three to.board.
Nicely furnished front bed-room, witU use of;par
lor. No other boarders. West Side, .‘.j.
-I A ft WEST ADAMS-ST.—WELL-FURNISHED
x*o roora, with or without board, at rea«m*-
blO rater*.
OAO HO.UTH 'TICS
4i\j*j front rooms to rent, with Jjoara jusb
boardw Trnbtcd. y r
o ox michigan-aav-two handsomely
~Q& /nru«PUM*l j-flo/ua, for marred or single,
with good board, on
A74cJ™Z.%£h%7* lbbusr
7KO ffWT WA»iflS<m»jj'iS._A hamc
IU JsomcsuiteiSj sia bsart,
1110 l-RilSlE-AV,, NEAR'“-=
1L IQ fotmk-btATOom» to rehfwl
ill/ nijd wi^.scsh find >lcasahtrooi£>Sth
it
A UE.STEEL CpUPLK-m™ ;OK WITHOtT
#t- M»sn tupilj, fan Jo arrtmiieodattd fbrlhfa
r? r 'v4!‘ iaUil mSna,nt WWtar.-^Sfreii
imKpfrAv“ lv cl!n J l,r 1 1 V“ nd a. j,
UOyFjjAy, near school finale.
TO LEASE.
mo. LEASE OR KENT-FOR ONE YEAR OR
X wager, sir lots, each “Siibj feet, on west side
oi unnal-jt.. brluccs A'lnn's a"d -t-
DBR£LEE, Ro.sflNSt®s%»tff.eC''oi);„ 1!
Randolph, SUsomcßul)diajC l con i. c f Rf
r#KT*l