title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 1 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 131
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

WHEN Yankies,* skill'd in martial rule,
Firstt put the British troops to school;
Instructed them in warlike trade,
And new manceuvres of parade,
The true war-dance of Yankee reels,
And manual ezercise of heels;
Made them give up, like saints complete,
The arm of jesh, and trust the feet,

And work, like Christians undissembling,
Salvation out, by fear and trembling;
Taught Percy fashionable races,
And modern modes of Chevy-Chases:*
Irom Boston, in his best array,
Great 'Squire M'Fineat took his way,
And graced with ensigns of renown,
Steer'd homeward to his native town.
His high descent our heralds trace
From QOssian's} famed Fingalian race:
For though their name some part may lack,
Old Fingal spelt it with a Mac;
Which great M'Piierson, with submission,
We hope will add the next edition.
His fathers flourish'd in the Highlands
Of Scotia's fog-benighted islands;

to the Americans at Lexington. This allusion to the family

Whence gain'd our 'Squire two gifts by nght,
Rebellion, and the Second-sight.
Of these, the first, in ancient days,
Had ga.i'd the noblest palm of praise,
'Gainst kings stood forth and many a crown'd
With teror of its ight confounded; [head
Tull rose a king with potent charm
Dis foes by meekness to disarm,
Whom every Scot and Jacobite
Strait fell in love with at first sight;
Whose gracious speech with aid of pensions,
Hush'd down all murmurs of dissensions,
And with the sound of potent metal
Brought all their buzzing swarms to settle;
Who rain'd his ministerial manna,
Till loud Sedition sung hosanna;
The grave Lords-Bishops and the Kirk
United in the public work;
Rebellion, from the northern regions,
With Bute and Mansfield swore allegiance;
All hands combin'd to raze, as nuisance,
Of church and state the Constitutions,
Pull down the empire, on whose ruins

They meant to edify their new ones;

Enslave th' Amer'can wildernesses,
And rend the provinces in pieces.
With these our Squire, among the valiant'st,
Employ'd his time, and tools and talents,
And found this new rebellion pleasing
As his old king-destroying treason.
Nor less avail'd his optic sleight,
And Scottish gift of second-sight.*
No ancient sybil, famed in rhyme,
Saw deeper in the womb of time;
No block in old Dodona's grove
Could ever more orac'lar prove.
Nor only saw he all that could be,
But much that never was, nor would be;
Whereby all prophets far outwent he,
Though former days produced a plenty:
For any man with half an eye
What stands before him can espy;
But optics sharp it needs, I ween,

'To see what is not to be seen.

operandi, of the Highland vision by second-sight, may consult
the profound Johnson, in his Tour to the Hebrides.

As in the days of ancient fame,
Prophets and poets were the same,
And all the praise that poets gain
Is for the tales they forge and feign:
So gain'd our 'Squire his fame by seeing
Such things, as never would have being;
Whence he for oracles was grown
The very tripod* of his town.
Gazettes no sooner rose a lie in,
But strait he fell to prophesying;
Made dreadful slaughter in his course,
O'erthrew provincials, foot and horse,
Brought armies o'er, by sudden pressings,
Of Hanoverians, Swiss and Hessians,
Feasted with blood his Scottish clan,
And hang'd all rebels to a man,
Divided their estates and pelf,
And took a goodly share himself.
All this with spirit energetic,
He did by second-sight prophetic.
Thus stored with intellectual riches,
Skill'd was our 'Squire in making speeches;

the ancient priests uttered their oracles.

Where strength of brains united centers
With strength of lungs surpassing Stentor's.*
But as some muskets so contrive it,
As oft to miss the mark they drive at,
And though well aim'd at duck or plover,
Bear wide, and kick their owners over:
So fared our 'Squire, whose reas'ning toil
Would often on himself recoil,
And so much injured more his side,
The stronger arguments he applied;
As old war-elephants, dismay'd,
'rod down the troops they came to aid,
And hurt their own side more in battle,
Than less and ordinary cattle.
Yet at Town-meetings every chief
Pinn'd faith on great M'Fineav's sleeve;
Which when he lifted, all by rote
Raised sympathetic hands to vote.
The 'Town, our hero's scene of action,
Had long been torn by feuds of faction,
And as each party's strength prevails,

It turn'd up different, heads or tails;

With constant rattling, in a trice,
Show'd various sides, as oft as dice.
As that famed weaver, wife t? Ulysses,*
By night her day's-work pick'd in pieces,
And though she stoutly did bestir her,
Its finishing was ne'er the nearer:
So did this town with ardent zeal
Weave cobwebs for the public weal,
Which when completed, or before,
A second vote in pieces tore.
They met, made speeches full long-winded,
Resolv'd, protested and rescinded;
Addresses sign'd; then chose committees
To stop all drinking of Bohea teas;+
With winds of doctrine veer'd about,
