title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 2 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

And turn'd all whig committees out.

Meanwhile our Hero, as their head,
In pomp the tory faction led,
Still following, as the 'Squire should please,
Successive on, like files of geese.
And now the town was summon'd, greeting,
To grand parading of Town-meeting;
A show, that strangers might appal,
As Rome's grave senate did the Gaul.
High o'er the rout, on pulpit stairs,*
Mid den of thieves in house of prayers,
(That house, which loth a rule to break
Serv'd heaven, but one day in the week,
Open the rest for all supplies
Of news, and politics, and lies;)
Stood forth the Constable; and bore
' His staff, like Merc'ry's wand of yore,
Waved potent round, the peace to keep,
As that laid dead men's souls to sleep.
Above and near th' hermetic staff,

The Moderator's* upper half

generally held in the church, or meeting-house.
t Moderator is the name given to the chairman or speaker of atown-mecting. He is here seated in the pulpit.

In grandeur o'er the cushion bow'd,
Like Sol half seen behind a cloud.
Beneath stood voters of all colours,
Whigs, Tories, orators and brawlers;
With every tongue in either faction
Prepared like minute-men* for action;
Where truth and falsehood, wrong and right,
Drew all their legions forth to fight.
With equal uproar scarcely rave
Opposing winds in AXolus' cave;
Such dialogues with earnest face
Held never Balaam with his ass.
With daring zeal and courage blest,
Honorius first the crowd addres'd.
When now our 'Squire, returning late,
Arrived to aid the grand debate;
With strange, sour faces sate him down,
While thus the orator went on.
—" For ages blest thus Britain rose,

The terror of encircling foes;

who being drafted, and enrolled by themselves, were prepared
to march at a minute's warning wherever the public safety re-
quired.

Her heroes ruled the bloody plain,
Her conq'ring standard awed the main.
The different palms her triumph grace
Of arms in war, of arts in peace.
Unharrass'd by maternal care,
Each rising province flourish'd fair;
Whose various wealth, with liberal hand,
By far o'erpaid the parent land.*
But though so bright her sun might shine,
'Twas quickly hasting to decline,
With feeble ray, too weak t' assuage
The damps, that chill the eve of age.
"For states, like men, are doom'd as well
Th' infirmities of age to feel,t
And from their different forms of empire,
Are seiz'd with every deep distemper.
Some states high fevers have made head in,

Which nought could cure but copious bleeding:

WVIRGAL. i

While others have grown dull and dozy,
On fix'd in helpless idiocy;
Or tarn'd demoniacs to belabour ¥ach peacclul babitant and neighbour;
Or vex'd with hypochondriac fits,
Have broke their strength, and lost their wits.
Thus now while hoary years prevail,
Good mother Britain seem'd to fail;
Her back bent, crippled with the weight
Of age, and debts, and cares of state.
Vor debits she owed, and those so large,
As twice her wealth could ne'er discharge,
Aad now 'twas thought, % high they'd grown,
She'd come upon the parish soon.
Her arins, A nations once the dread,
She xarce could Silt above her head;
Hex deaien'd cars, "twas al) their hope,
The find trump perhaps might ope;
So long they'd been, in stupid mood,
Shut to the hearing of all good.
Gin death bad put her in his scroll
Downs on the execution-I);
And Gallic crows, 28 the grew weaker,
Began to whet their beaks to pick her.

" And now her powers decaying fast,
Her grand climact'ric had she pass'd,
And just like all old women else,
Fell in the vapors much by spells.
Strange whimsies on her fancy struck,
And gave her brain a dismal shock;
Her memory fails, her judgment ends;
She quite forgot her nearest friends,
Lost all her former sense and knowledge,
And fitted fast for Bedlam-college.
Of all the powers she once retain'd,
Conceit and pride alone remain'd.
As Eve, when falling, was so modest
To fancy she should grow a goddess;*
As madmen, straw who long have slept on,
Style themselves Jupiter and Neptune:
So Britain in her airs so flighty,
Now took a whim to be Almighty st
Urg'd on to desperate heights of frenzy,

Affirm'd her own Omnipotency;

Would rather ruin all her race,
Than yield supremacy, an ace;
Assumed all rights divine, as grown
The church's head, like good Pope Joan;*
Swore all the world should bow and skip,
At her almighty goodyship;
Anath'matized each unbeliever,
And vow'd to live and rule for ever.
Her servants humour'd every whim,
And own'd at once her power supreme;
Her follies nursed in all their stages,
For sake of liveries and wages;
In Stephen's Chapelt then in state too
Set up her golden calf to pray to;
Proclaim'd its power and right divine,
