title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 3 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 129
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

And call'd for worship at its shrine;

And for poor heretics to burn us,
Bade North* prepare his fiery furnace;
Struck bargains with the Romish churches,
Infatlibility to purchase;
Set wide for Popery the door,t
Made friends with Babel's scarlet whore,
Till both the matrons join'd in clan;
No sisters made a better span.
"What wonder then, ere this was over,
That she should make her children suffer?
She first without pretence or reason,
Claim'd right whate'er we had to seize on:
fad with determin'd resolution
To put her claims in execution,
Sent 're and sword, and call'd it Lenity:
Stary'd us, and christen'd it Humanity.
For she, her case grown desperater,
Wisstook the plainest things in nature:
fiad iost all use of eyes or wits,

Took slavery for the bill of rights;

M'FINGAL. Ly

Trembled at whigs and deem'd them foes,
And stopp'd at loyalty her nose;
Styled her own children, brats and catiffs,
And knew us not from th' Indian natives.
" What though with supplicating prayer,
We bege'd our lives and goods she'd spare;
Not vainer vows with sillier call
Elijah's prophets raised to Baal;
A worshipp'd stock of god or goddess
Had better heard and understood us.
So once Egyptians at the Nile
Ador'd their guardian crocodile,
Who heard them first with kindest ear,
And ate them to reward their prayer;
And could he talk, as kings can do,
Had made as gracious speeches too.
"Thus, spite of prayers, her schemes pursu-
She still went on to work our ruin; fing,
Annull'd our charters of releases,
And tore our title-deeds in pieces;
Then sign'd her warrants of ejection,
And gallows rais'd to stretch our necks on:
And on these errands sent in rege
Wer bailiif, and her hangman, Gage;

And at his heels, like dogs to bait us,
Dispatch'd her Posse Comitatus.
"¢ No state e'er chose a fitter person
To carry such a silly farce on.
As heathen gods in ancient days
Receiv'd at second hand their praise,
Stood imaged forth in stones and stocks,
And deified in barber's blocks:

So Gage* was chose to represent

Th' omnipotence of Parliament.
As antient heroes gain'd by shifts,
From gods, as poets tell, their gifts:
Our General, as his actions show,

Gain'd like assistance from below,

By satan graced with full supplies
From all his magazine of lies.
Yet could his practice ne'er impart
The wit to tell a lie with art.

Those lies alone are formidable
Where artful truth is mix'd with fable.
But Gage has bungled oft so vilely,
No soul would credit lies so silly,
Outwent all faith, and stretch'd beyond
Credulity's extremest end:
Whence plaia it seems, though satan once
O'erlook'd with scorn each brainless dunce,
And blundering brutes in Eden shunning,
Chose out the serpent for his cunning;
Of late he is not half so nice,
Nor picks out aids because they're wise:
For had he stood upon perfection,
His present friends had lost th' election,
And fared as hard, in this proceeding,
As owls and asses did in Eden.
" Yet fools are often dangerous enemies:
As meanest reptiles are most venomous:
Nor e'er could Gage, by craft or prowess,
Have done a whit more mischief to us;
Since he began th' unnat'ral war,
The work his masters sent him for.
" And are there in this freeborn land

Among ourselves a venal band;

A dastard race, who long have sold
Their souls and consctences for gold;
Who wish to stab their country's vitals,
Could they enjoy surviving titles;
With pride behold our miscniefs brewing,
Insult and teiamph in ovr ruin?
Priests, who, if satan should sit down
To niake a bibie of his own,
Would gladly, for the sake of mitres,
Tues tis inspired and socred writers;
Lawyers, wha, shoald be wish io preve
His claim to his old seat above,
Would, if bis cause he'd give them fees in.
Bring writs of Entry sur dissersin,
Piead for him boldly at the session,
And hope to pat him in possession;
Merchants who, for his friendly aid
Would make him partner in their trade.
Hang out their signs in goodly show,
Inscribed with, Beelzebub § Co.;
And judges, who would list his pages,
For proper liveries and wages;
And who as humbly cringe and bow

To all his mortal servants now?

There are; and shame, with pointing gestures,
Marks out th' Addressers and Protesters;
Whom following down the stream of fate,
Contempts ineffable await;
And public infamy forlorn,
Dread hate and everlasting scorn."
As thus he spake, our "Squire M'Frnear.
Gave to his partisans a signal.
Not quicker roll'd the waves to land,
When Moses waved his potent wand,
Nor with more uproar, than the Tories
Set up a general rout in chorus; [jeer'd:
Laugh'd, hiss'd, hem'd, murmur'd, groan'd and
Honorius now could scarce be heard.
Our Muse, amid th' increasin® roar,
Could not distinguish one word more;
Though she sate by, in firm record
