title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 4 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 131
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

To take in short hand every word,

As ancient Muses wont; to whom
Old bards for depositions come;
Who must have writ them; for how else
Could they each speech verbatim tell 's?
And though some readers of romances
Are apt to strain their tortured fancies,
And doubt (when lovers all alone
Their sad soliloquies do groan,
Grieve many a page, with no one near 'em,
And nought, but rocks and groves, to hear 'em)
What sprite infernal could have tattled,
And told the authors all they prattled;
Whence some weak minds have made objection
That what they scribbled must be fiction:
Tis false; for while the lover spoke,
The Muse was by with table-book,
And least some blunder should ensue,
Echo stood clerk, and kept the cue.
And though the speech ben't worth a groat,
It can't be call'd the author's fault;
But error merely of the prater,
Who should have talk'd to th' purpose better:
Which full excuse, my critic brothers,

May help me out as well as others:

And 'tis design'd, though here it lurk,
To serve as Preface to this work.
So let it be—for now our 'Squire
No longer could contain his ire,
And rising 'midst applauding Tories,
Thus vented wrath upon Honorius.
Quoth he, "'Tis wondrous what strange stuff
Your Whigs-heads are compounded of;
Which force of logic cannot pierce,
Nor syllogistic carte and tierce,
Nor weight of scripture or of reason
Suffice to make the least impression.
Not heeding what ye rais'd contest on,
Ye prate, and beg, or steal the question:
And when your boasted arguings fail,
Strait leave all reas'ning off, to rail.
" Have not our High-church Cle.vy* made it
Appear from Scriptures, which ye credit,
That right divine from heaven was lent

To kings, that is, the Parliament,

tance, and the divine right of Kings, were inculcated with great vehemence at this period.

enh M'FINGAL.

Their subjects to oppress and teaze,
And serve the devil when they please =
Did not they write, and pray, and preach,
And torture all the parts of speech,
About rebellion make a pother,
From one end of the land to th' other?
And yet gain'd fewer proselyte Whigs,
Than old St. Anth'ny *mongst the pigs

wee

And changed not half so many vicious,
As Austin when he preach'd to fishes,
Who throng'd to hear, the legend tells,
Were edified, and wagg'd their tails:
But scarce you'd prove ti, if you tried,
That e'er one Whig was edified.
Have ye not heard from Parson Waltert
Much dire presage of many a halter?
What warnings had ye of your duty,
From our old rev'rend Sam. Auchmuity 3+
From priests of all degrees and metres,

T' our fag-end man, poor Parson Peters >t

tin's preaching to the fishes, are told in the Popish Legends.
ft High-church clergymen, one at Boston, one at New-York.
f Peters, a Tory clergyman of Connecticut, who after ren-

Have not our Cooper and our Seabury
Sung hymns, like Barak and old Deborah:
Proved all intrigues to set you free
Rebellion 'gainst the Pow'rs that be:
Brought over many a scripture text,
That used to wink at rebel sects,
Coax'd wayward ones to favor regents.
And paraphrased them to obedience:
Proved every king, ev'n those confest
Horns of the Apocalyptic beast,
And sprouting from its noddles seven.
Ordain'd, as Bishops are, by heaven:
(For reasons similar, as we're told
That Tophet was ordain'd of old)
By this lay-ordination valid,
Becomes all sanctified and hallow'd.

Takes patent out as heaven has sign'd it,
And starts up strait, the Lord's Anointed?
As extreme unction, which can cleanse
Each penitent from deadly sins;
Make them run glib, when oiled by priest,
The heav'nly road, like wheels new greased:
Serve them, like shoe-ball, for defences,
'Gainst wear and tear of consciences :
So king's anointment clears betimes,
Like fuller's earth, all spots of crimes,
For future knaveries gives commissions.
Like Papists sinning under license.
For heaven ordain'd the origin,
Divines declare,* of pain and sin,
Prove such great good they both have done us,
Kind mercy 'twas they came upon us;
For without sin and pain and folly,
Man ne'er was blest, nor wise, nor holy:
And we should thank the Lord 'tis so,

As authors grave wrote long ago.

M'FINGAL.. Qt

Now heav'n its issues never brings
Without the means, and these are kings;
And he who blames when they announce ills,
Would counteract th' eternal counsels.
As when the Jews, a murm'ring race,
By constant grumblings fell from grace,
Heav'n taught them first to know their distance.
By famine, slavery and Philistines;
When these could no repentance bring,
In wrath it sent them last a king:
So nineteen, 'tis believ'd, in twenty
Of modern kings for plagues are sent you:
Nor can your cavillers pretend
But that they answer well their end.
Tis yours to yield to their command,
As rods in Providence's hand;
For when it means to send you pain,
You toss your foreheads up in vain;
Your way is, hush'd in peace, to bear it,
And make necessity a merit.
Hence sure perdition must await
The man, who rises 'gainst the State,
Who meets at once the damning sentence,
