title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 5 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 125
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Without one loophole for repentance;

Ev'n though he gain the Royal See,
And rank among the Powers that be.
for hell is theirs, the scripture shows,
Whoe'er the Powers that be oppose;
And all those Powers (I'm clear that 'tis so)
Are damn'd for ever, ex officio.
"Thus far our Clergy: but 'tis true
We lack'd not earthly reas'ners too.
Had I the Poet's* brazen lungs,
As soundboard to his hundred tongues,
| could not half the scribblers muster,
That swarm'd round Rivingtonf in cluster;
Assemblies, Councilmen, forsooth,
Brush, Cowper, Wilkins, Chandler, Booth:
Yet all their arguments and sapience
You did not value at three halfpence.
Did not our Massachusettensist

for your conviction strain his senses:

+ Rivington, printer of the Royal Gazette in New-York.—
The Legislature of that Province were opposed to the measies of the country.

| A course of Essays under that signature was published in

Scrawl every moment he could spare
From cards and barbers and the fair;
Show, clear as sun in noonday heavens.
You did not feel a single grievance;
Demonstrate all your opposition
Sprung from the eggs* of foul Sedition;
Swear he had seen the nest she laid in,
And knew how long she had been sitting;
Could tell exact what strength of heat is
Required to hatch her out Committees;
What shapes they take, and how much longer's
The time before they grow t' a Congress P
He white-wash'd Hutchinson, and varnish'd

Our Gage, who'd got a little tarnish'd:

Made them vew masks, in time no doubt.
For Hutchinson's was quite worn out:
Yet while he muddled all his head,
You did not heed a word he said.
" Did not our grave Judge Sewall* hit
The summit of newspaper wit;
Fill every leaf of every paper
Of Mills § Hicks, and mother Drapert:
Draw proclamations, works of toil,
In true sublime of scarecrow style,
Write farces too 'gainst sons of freedom,
All for your good, and none would read 'em;
Denounce damnation on their frenzy,
Who died in Whig-impenitency;
Affirm that heav'n would lend us aid,
As all our Tory writers said;
And calculate so well its kindness,

He told the moment when it join'd us ¢

""*"Pwas then belike," Honorius cried,
" When you the public fast defied,
Refused to heaven to raise a prayer,
Because you'd no connections there;
And since with reverent hearts and faces,
To Governors you'd paid addresses,
In them, who made you Tories, seeing
You lived and moved and had your being,
Your humble vows you would not breathe
To powers, you'd no acquaintance with.
" As for your fasts," replied our 'Squire,
" What circumstance could fasts require ¢
We kept them not, but 'twas no crime,
We held them merely loss of time.
For what advantage firm and lasting,
Pray, did you ever get by fasting,
Or what the gain, that can arise
From vows and offerings to the skies °
Will heaven reward with posts and fees,

Or send us tea,* as consignees,

in Boston harbor, the consignees of which were the tools of the British ministry.

a2, M*FINGAL.

Give pensions, salaries, places, bribes,
Or chuse us judges, clerks or scribes;
Has it commissions in its gift,
Or cash to serve us at a lift?
Are acts of parliament there made,
To carry on the placeman's trade,
Or has it pass'd a single bill
To let us plunder whom we will f
" And look our list of placemen all over:
Did heaven appoint our chief Judge Oliver."
Fill that high bench with ignoramus,
'Or has it councils by mandamus?+
Who made that wit of water-gruel
A judge of admiralty, Sewall?
And were they not mere earthly struggles,

That raised up Murray, say, and Ruggles:

Did heaven send down, our pains to medicine,
That old simplicity of Edson,
Or by election pick out from us
That Marshfield blunderer, Nat. Ray Thomas:
Or had it any hand in serving
A Loring, Pepperell, Browne or Irving ¢
" Yet we've some saints, the very thing.
To pit against the best you'll bring;
For can the strongest fancy paint,
Than Hutchinson, a greater saint ¢
Was there a parson used to pray,
At times more regular, twice a day;
As folks exact have dinners got,
Whether they've appetites or not?
Was there a zealot more alarming
'Gainst public vice to hold forth sermon,
Or fix'd at church, whose inward motion
Roll'd up his eyes with more devotion *
What puritan could ever pray
In godlier tone, than 'Treasurer Gray.
Or at town-meetings speechifying,
Could utter more melodious whine,
And shut his eyes, and vent his moan.

Like owl afflicted in the sun:

34k: M'FINGAL.

Who once sent home, his canting rival,
Lord Dartmouth's self, might outbedrivel.
" Have you forgot," Honorius cried,
"" How your prime saint the truth* defied,
Affirm'd he never wrote a line
Your charter'd rights to undermine,
When his own letters then were by,
Which proved his message all a lie F
