title: M'Fingal, Canto I: The Town-Meeting, A.M. (part 6 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 102
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

ton, to the utter confusion of all his pretensions, political and
religious.

M'FINGAL. ba

How many promises he seal'd
To get th' oppressive. acts repeal'd,
Yet once arrived on England's shore,
Set on the Premier to pass more?
But these are no defects, we grant,
In a right loyal Tory saint,
Whose godlike virtues must with ease
Atone for venial crimes, like these:
Or ye perhaps in scripture spy
A new commandment, "Thou shalt lie;"
If this be so (as who can tell r)
There's no one sure ye keep so well."
Quoth he, " For lies and promise-breaking,
Ye need not be in such a taking:
For lying is, we know and teach,
The highest privilege of speech;
The universal Magna Charta,
To which all human race is party,
Whence children first, as David says,
Lay claim to't in their earliest days;
The only stratagem in war,
Our generals have occasion for;
The only freedom of the press,
Our politicians need in peace.

Thank heaven, your shot have miss'd their aim,
For lying is no sin nor shame.
"As men last wills may change again,
Tho' drawn, "In name of God, Amen;"
Be sure they must have clearly more
O'er promises as great a power,
Which, made in haste, with small inspection,
So much the more will need correction;
And when they've, careless, spoke or penn'd 'em,
Have right to look them o'er and mend 'em;
Revise their vows, or change the text,
By way of codicil annex'd;
Strike out a promise, that was base,
And put a better in its place.
"So Gage of late agreed, you know,
To let the Boston people go;
Yet when he saw 'gainst troops that braved him,
They were the only guards that saved him,
Kept off that satan of a Putnam*

From breaking in to maul and mutton him;

troops, and blockaded Boston, immediately after the battle of
Lexington. Gage, while his army were in possession of that

M'FINGAL. oH

He'd too much wit, such leagues t' observe,
And shut them in again, to starve.
" So Moses writes, when female Jews
Made oaths and vows unfit for use,
Their parents then might set them free
From that conscientious tyranny:
And shall men feel that spir'tual bondage
For ever, when they grow beyond age?
Shall vows but bind the stout and strong,
And let go women weak and young,
As nets enclose the larger crew,
And let the smaller fry creep through F
Besides, the Whigs have all been set on.
The Tories to affright and threaten,
Till Gage amidst his trembling fits,
Has hardly kept him in his wits;
And though he speak with fraud and finesse,

'*Tis said beneath duress per minas.

For we're in peril of our souls
From your vile feathers, tar and poles;
And vows extorted are not binding
In law, and so not worth the minding.
For we have in this hurly-burly
Sent off our consciences on furlow;
Thrown our religion o'er in form,
Our ship to lighten in the storm.
Nor need we blush your Whigs before;
Had we no virtue, you've no more.
" Yet black with sins, would spoil a mitre,
Rail ye at faults by ten tints whiter °
And, stuff'd with choler atrabilious,
Insult us here for peccadilloes?
While all your vices run so high
That mercy scarce could find supply:
And should you offer to repent,
You'd need more fasting days than Lent,
More groans than haunted church-yard vallies,

And more confessions than broad-alleys.*

stand in an ile of the church, called in New-England the broad-alley, name the offence he has committed, and ask par-
don of his brethren.

V'll show you all at fitter time,
Th' extent and greatness of your crime,
And here demonstrate to your face,
Your want of virtue, as of grace,
Evinced from topics old and recent:
But thus much must suffice at present.
To th' after portion of the day,
I leave what more remains to say;
When, I've good hope, you'll all appear,
More fitted and prepared to hear,
And grieved for all your vile demeanour:
But now 'tis time t' adjourn for dinner."
