title: M'Fingal, Canto II: The Town-Meeting, P.M. (part 1 of 7)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 128
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Tue Sun, who never stops to dine,
Two hours had pass'd the mid-way line.
And driving at his usual rate,
Lash'd on his downward car of state.
And now expired the short vacation,
And dinner o'er in epic fashion,
While all the crew, beneath the trees,
Eat pocket-pies, or bread and cheese,
(Nor shall we, like old Homer, care
To versify their bill of fare)
Each active party, feasted well,
Throng'd in, like sheep, at sound of bell;
With equal spirit took their places,
And meeting oped with three Oh Yesses:
When first, the daring Whigs t' oppose,

Again the great M'Frnear rose,

Stretch'd magisterial arm amain,
And thus resumed th' accusing strain.
" Ye Whigs attend, and hear affrighted
'The crimes whereof ye stand indicted;
The sins and follies past all compass,
That prove you guilty, or non compos.
"I leave the verdict to your senses,
And jury of your consciences;
Which though they're neither good nor true,
Must yet convict you and your crew.
" Ungrateful sons! a factious band,
That rise against your parent land!
Ye viper race, that burst in strife
The genial womb that gave you life,
Tear with sharp fangs and forked tongue
'The indulgent bowels whence ye sprung 3
And scorn the debt and obligation,
You justly owe the British nation,
Which, since you cannot pay, your crew
Affect to swear was never due.
"Did not the deeds of England's* primate

lirst drive your fathers to this climate,

Whom jails and fines and every ill
Forced to their good against their will ¢
Ye owe to their obliging temper
The peopling your new-fangled empire,
While every British act and canon
Stood forth your causa sine qua non.
Who'd seen, except for these restraints,
Your witches, quakers, whigs and saints,
Or heard of Mather's* famed Magnalia,
If Charles and Laud had chanced to fail you *
Did they not send your charters o'er,
And give you lands you own'd before,
Permit you all to spill your blood,
And drive out heathens where you could;
On these mild terms, that, conquest won,

The realm you gain'd should be their own?

of the witchcraft at Salem.

And when of late attack'd by those,
Whom her connection made your foes,"
Did they not then, distress'd by war,
Send generals to your help from far,
Whose aid you own'd, in terms less haughty.
And thankfully o'erpaid your quota?
Say, at what period did they grudge
To send you Governor or Judge,
With all their Missionaryt crew,
To teach you law and gospel too ©

New-England churches; but this was prevented by the revolution,

They brought all felons in the nation
To help you on in population;
Proposed their Bishops to surrender,
And made their Priests a legal tender.
Who only ask'd, in surplice clad,
The simple tithe of all you had:
And now, to keep all knaves in awe,
Have sent their troops t' establish law,
And with gunpowder, fire and ball,
Reform your people, one and all.
Yet when their insolence and pride
Have anger'd all the world beside;
When fear and want at once invade.
Can you refuse to lend them aid,
And rather risk your heads in fight,
Than gratefully throw in your mite °
Can they for debts make satisfaction,
Should they dispose their realm at auction.
And sell off Britain's goods and land all
To France and Spain, by inch of candle f
Shall good King George, with want oppress'd,
Insert his name in bankrupt list,
And shut up shop, like failing merchant,
That fears the bailiffs should make search in't;

With poverty shall princes strive,
And nobles lack whereon to live F:
Have they not rack'd their whole invention:
To feed their brats on posts and pensions;
Made their Scotch friends with taxes groan,
And pick'd poor Ireland to the bone:
Yet have on hand, as well deserving,
Ten thousand bastards,* left for starving ¢
And can you now, with conscience clear,
Refuse them an asylum here,
And not maintain, in manner fitting,
These genuine sons of mother Britain?
"I" evade these crimes of blackest grain
You prate of liberty in vain,
And strive to hide your vile designs
In terms abstruse, like school-divines.
'"¢ Your boasted patriotism is scarce,
And country's love is but a farce:
or after all the proofs you bring,

We Tories know there's no such thing.

the left-handed progeny of their Kings. In this business,
Charles the second was the last hero.

Hath not Dalrymple* show'd in print,
And Johnson too, there's nothing jin't;
Produced you demonstration ample,
From others' and their own example.
That self is still, in either faction,
The only principle of action;
The loadstone, whose attracting tether
Keeps the politic world together:
And spite of all your double dealing,
We all are sure 'tis so, from feeling.
"Who heeds your babbling of transmitting
Freedom to brats of your begetting,
Or will proceed, as tho' there were a tie,
And obligation to posterity?
We get them, bear them, breed and nurse.
What has posterity done for us,
