title: M'Fingal, Canto II: The Town-Meeting, P.M. (part 2 of 7)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 129
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

himself.

That we, least they their rights should lose,
Should trust our necks to gripe of noose?
" And who believes you will not run *
Ye're cowards, every mother's son:
And if you offer to deny,
We've witnesses to prove it by.
Attend th' opinion first, as referee,
Of your old general, stout Sir Jeffery;*
Who swore that with five thousand foot
He'd rout you all, and in pursuit
Run thro' the land, as easily
As camel thro' a needle's eye?
Did not the mighty Colonel Grant
Against your courage pour his rant,
Affirm your universal failure
In every principle of valour,
And swear no scamperers e'er could match you,
So swift, a bullet scarce could catch you?
And will you not confess, in this

A judge most competent he is:

served in America, were so ignorant, silly or malicious, as te
make such assertions in parliament.

Well skill'd on running to decide,
As what himself has often tried?
'T would not methinks be labor lost,
If you'd sit down and count the cost,
And ere you call your Yankies out,
First think what work you've set about.
Have you not reused, his force to try on,
That grim old beast, the British Lion;
And!iiow yeu not, that at a sup
He's large enough to eat you up?
"ave you survey'd his jaws beneath.
Drawn inventories of his teeth,
Or have you weigh'd, in even balance.
His strength and magnitude of talons?
His roar would change your boasts to fear,
As easily, as sour* small beer;
And make your feet from dreadful fray.
By native instinct run away.
Britain, depend on't, will take on her

'TY? assert her dignity and honor,

sour.

And ere she'd lose your share of pelf.
Destroy your country, and herself.
For has not North declared they fight
To gain substantial rev'nue by't,
Denied he'd ever deign to treat,
'Till on your knees and at his feet *
And feel you not a trifling ague
From Van's " Delenda est Carthago?*
For this now Britain has projected,
'Think you she has not means t' effect it?
Has she not set at work all engines
To spirit up the native Indians,
Send on your backs the tawney band,
With each an hatchet in his hand,
'I' amuse themselves with scalping knives,
And butcher children and your wives;
And paid them for your scalps at sale
More than your heads would fetch by tale:

That she might boast again with vanity.
Her English national humanity °
For now in its primeval sense
This term, humanity, comprehends
All things of which, on this side hell.
The human mind is capable;
And thus 'tis well, by writers sage,
Applied to Britain and to Gage.
On this brave work to raise allies,
She sent her duplicate of Guys,
To drive at different parts at once on,
Her stout Guy Carlton and Guy Johnson;*
To each of whom, to send again you,
Old Guy of Warwick were a ninny,
Though the dun cow he fell'd in war,
These killcows are his betters far.
" And has she not essay'd her notes
To rouse your slaves to cut your throats;
Sent o'er ambassadors with guineas,
To bribe your blacks in Carolinas °

€ A half-breed son of the famous Sir William, who influenced and led some of their tribes against us during the war.

And has not Gage, her missionary,
Turn'd many an Afric to a Tory;
Made the New-England Bishop's see grow,
By many a new-converted negro °
As friends to government, when he
Your slaves at Boston late set free,
Enlisted them in black parade,
Emboss'd with regimental red;
While flared the epauleite, like flambeau.
On Captain Cuff and Ensign Sambo:
And were they not accounted then
Among his very bravest men?
And when such means she stoops to take.
Think you she is not wide awake °
As the good man of old in Job
Own'd wondrous allies through the globe,
Had brought the stones* along the street

"The stones and all the elements with thee
To ratify a cov'nant meet oy);

Shall ratify a strict confederacy,
Wild beasts their savage temper shall forget,
(nd for a firm alliance with thee treat, &c.

Blackmore's paraphrase of Job.
And every beast, from lice to lions,
To join in leagues of strict alliance:
Has she not cringed, in spite of pride.
For like assistance, far and wide,
Till all this formidable league rose
Of Indians, British troops and Negroes F
And can you break these triple hands
By all your workmanship of hands fF
" Sir," quoth Honorius, " we presume
You guess from past feats what's to come.
And from the mighty deeds of Gage
Foretell how fierce the war he'll wage.
You doubtless recollected here
The annals of his first great year:
While, wearying out the Tories' patience.
He spent his breath in proclamations;
While all his mighty noise and vapour
Was used in wrangling upon paper,
And boasted military fits
Closed in the straining of his wits;
While troops, in Boston commons placed,
Laid nought, but quires of paper, waste;
While strokes alternate stunn'd the nation,
