title: M'Fingal, Canto II: The Town-Meeting, P.M. (part 3 of 7)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 111
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Protest, Address and Proclamation,

a4 M'FINGAL,
And speech met speech, fib clash'd with fib,
And Gage still answer'd, squib for squib.
" Though this not all his time was lost on:
He fortified the town of Boston,
Built breastworks, that might lend assistance
To keep the patriots at a distance;
For howsoe'er the rogues might scoff,
He liked them best the farthest off;
Works of important use to aid
_ His courage, when he felt afraid,
And whence right off, in manful station,
He'd boldly pop his proclamation.
Our hearts must in our bosoms freeze,
At such heroic deeds as these."
"Vain," said the 'Squire, "you'll find to sneer
At Gage's first triumphant year;
For Providence, disposed to teaze us,
Can use what instruments it pleases.
To pay a tax, at Peter's wish,
His chief cashier was once a fish;
An ass, in Balaam's sad disaster,
Turn'd orator and saved his master;
A goose, placed sentry on his station,

Preserved old Rome from desolation:

wt wt

An English bishop's* cur of late
Disclosed rebellions 'gainst the state;
So frogs croak'd Pharaoh to repentance.
And lice delay'd the fatal sentence:
And heaven can ruin you at pleasure.
By Gage, as soon as by a Cesar.
Yet did our hero in these days
Pick up some laurel wreaths of praise.
And as the statuary of Seville
Made his crackt saint an exc'llent devil;
So though our war small triumph brings,
We gain'd great fame in other things.
"' Did not our troops show great discerning.
And skill your various arts in learning?
Outwent they not each native noodle

By far, in playing Yankee-doodle,t

3b MSEINGAL.

Which as "twas your New-England tune,
°Twas marvellous they took so soon?
And ere the year was fully through,
Did not they learn to foot it too,*
And such a dance, as ne'er was known,
Kor twenty miles on end lead down
Did they not lay their heads together,
And gain your art to tar and feather,t

When Colonel Nesbit, thro' the town,
In triumph bore the country-clown?
Oh what a glorious work to sing
The veteran troops of Britain's king,
Adventuring for th' heroic laurel
With bag of feathers and tar-barrel!
To paint the cart where culprits ride,
And Nesbitt marching at its side,
Great executioner and proud,
Like hangman high on Holborn road:
And o'er the slow-drawn rumbling car,
The waving ensigns of the war!
As when a triumph Rome decreed
For great Caligula's valiant deed,
Who had subdued the British seas,
By gath'ring cockles from their base:
In pompous car the conq'ror bore
His captive scallops from the shore,
Ovations gain'd his crabs for fetching,

And mighty feats of oyster-catching:

ing the Rogue's March, headed by Nesbitt with a drawn

sword, Lond. Edit.

Pak

Gainst Yankies thus the war begun,
They tarr'd, and triumph'd over, one;
And fought and boasted through the season.
With force as great and equal reason.
" Yet thus though skill'd in vict'ry's toils.
'They boast, not unexpert, in wiles.
For gain'd they not an equal fame in
The arts of secrecy and scheming;
In stratagem show'd wondrous force,
And modernized the 'Trojan horse,
Play'd o'er again the tricks Ulyssean,
In their famed Salem expedition f
For as that horse, the poets tell ye,
Bore Grecian armies in its belly,
Till their full reckoning run, with joy
Shrewd Sinon midwived them in Troy:
So in one ship was Leslie bold
Cramm/'d with three hundred men in hold,
Equipp'd for enterprize and sail,
Like Jonas stow'd in womb of whale.
'To Marblehead in depth of night
'The cautious vessel wing'd her flight.
And now the sabbath's silent day

CalVd all your Yankies off to pray;

Safe from each prying jealous neighbour,
The scheme and vessel fell in labor.

Forth from its hollow womb pour'd hast'ly
The Myrmidons of Colonel Leslie.
Not thicker o'er the blacken'd strand,
The frogs detachment,* rush'd to land,
Furious by onset and surprize
To storm th' entrenchment of the mice.
Through Salem straight, without delay,
The bold battalion took its way,
March'd o'er a bridge,t in open sight
Of several Yankies arm/'d for fight:
