title: M'Fingal, Canto II: The Town-Meeting, P.M. (part 5 of 7)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 122
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Like Bunyan's pilgrim, on his back!*

Where then, when Tories scarce get clear.
Shall Whigs and Congresses appear?
What rocks and mountains will you call
'To wrap you over with their fall,
And save your heads, in these sad weathers,
From fire and sword, and tar and feathers °
For lo! with British troops tar-bright,
Again our Nesbitt heaves in sight;
He comes, he comes, your lines to storm.
And rig your troops in uniform.*
To meet such heroes will ye brag,
With fury arm'd, and feather-bag,
Who wield their missile pitch and tar
With engines new in British war?
"Lo! where our mighty navy brings
Destruction on her canvass wings,t
While through the deep the British thunder
Shall sound th' alarm, to rob and plunder!

a constant theme of ridicule with the British, at the beginning
of the war.
+ Where'er our navy spreads her canvas wings,
Honor to thee and peace to all she brings. Waller.
As Pheebus first, so Homer speaks,
When he march'd out t' attack the Greeks.
'Gainst mules sent forth his arrows fatal,
And slew th' auxiliaries, their cattle:
So where our ships* shall stretch the keel,
What vanquish'd oxen shall they steal!
What heroes, rising from the deep,
Invade your marshall'd hosts of sheep;
Disperse whole troops of horse, and pressing,
Make cows surrender at discretion;
Attack your hens, like Alexanders,
And regiments rout of geese and ganders:
Or where united arms combine,
Lead captive many a herd of swine!
Then rush in dreadful fury down
To fire on every seaport town;
Display their glory and their wits,
Fright helpless children into fits;

seacoasts, to obtain fresh provisions.

And stoutly, from the unequal fray,
Make many a woman run away.
" And can ye doubt, whene'er we please,
Our chiefs shall boast such deeds as these °
Have we not chiefs transcending far
The old famed thunderbolts of war;*
Beyond the brave knight-errant fighters,
Stiled swords of death, by novel-writers:
Nor in romancing ages e'er rose
So terrible a tier of heroes.
From Gage what sounds alarm the waves!
How loud a blunderbuss is Graves!¢
How Newport dreads the blustering sallies,
That thunder from our popgun, Wallace,
While noise in formidable strains,
Spouts from his thimble-full of brains!
I see you sink in awed surprise!

| see our Tory brethren rise!

"duo fulmina belli,
Scipiadas. Virgil.
¢ Graves was Admiral; Wallace, Captain of a frigate stationed before Newport.

M*FINGAL. i
And as the sect'ries Sandemanian,
Our friends, describe their hoped millennium;*
Boast how the world in every region
At once shall own their true religion,
For heaven shall knock, with vengeance dread.
All unbelievers on the head;
And then their church, the meck in spirit,
The earth, as promised, shall inherit
From the dead wicked, as heirs male,
Or next remainder-men in tail:
Such ruin shall the Whigs oppress;
Such spoils our Tory friends shall bless:
While Confiscation at command
Shall stalk in terror through the land,
Shall give all whig-estates away,
And call our brethren into play.
"' And can you pause, or scruple more *
These things are near you, at the door.
Behold! for though to reasoning blind,
Signs of the times you still might mind.

event to take place.

Tie M°FINGAL.

And view impending fate, as plain
As you'd foretell a shower of rain.
" Hath not heaven warn'd you what must en.
And providence declared against you? _[sue.
Hung forth the dire portents of war
By fires and beacons in the air;*
Alarm'd old women all around
With fearful noises under ground,
While earth, for many a hundred leagues,
Groan'd with her dismal load of Whigs?
Was there a meteor, far and wide,
But muster'd on the Tory side;
A star malign, that has not bent
Its aspects for the parliament,
Foreboding your defeat and misery,

As once they fought against old Sisera °

In baleful streamers from the north?

Which plainly show'd what part they join'd:

For North's the minister, ye mind;
Whence oft your quibblers in gazettes
On Northern blasts have strain'd their wits;
And think you not, the clouds know how
To make the pun, as well you?
Did there arise an apparition,
But grinn'd forth ruin to sedition;
A death-watch, but has join'd our leagues,
And click'd destruction to the Whigs °
Heard ye not, when the wind was fair,
At night our prophets in the air,
Who, loud, like admiralty libel,
Read awful chapters from the Bible,
And war and plague and death denounced,
And told you how you'd soon be trounced?
"I see, to join our conq'ring side,
Heaven, earth and hell at once allied;
See from your overthrow and end,
