title: M'Fingal, Canto III: The Liberty Pole (part 2 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 104
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

And writs of slander for the pox;*

yuptcy, which was the first rise of his fortune; and his curi-

And cleansed by patriotism from shame,
Grows General of the foremost name.
For in this ferment of the stream
The dregs have work'd up to the brim,
And by the rule of topsy-turvies,
The scum stands foaming on the surface.
You've caused your pyramid v ascend,
And set it on the little end.
Like Hudibras, your empire's made,
Whose crupper had o'ertopp'd his head.
Yow've push'd and turn'd the whole world up-
Side down, and got yourselves at top,
While all the great ones of your state
Are crush'd beneath the popular weight;
Nor can you boast, this present hour,
The shadow of the form of power.
For what's your Congress* or its end ¢

A power, t? advise and recommend;

To call forth troops, adjust your quotas—
And yet no soul is bound to notice;
To pawn your faith to th' utmost limit,
But cannot bind you to redeem it;
And when in want no more in them lies,
Than begging from your State-Assemblies:
Can utter oracles of dread,
Like friar Bacon's brazen head,
But when a faction dares dispute 'em.
Has ne'er an arm to execute 'em:
As tho' you chose supreme dictators,
And put them under conservators.
You've but pursued the self-same way
With Shakespeare's Trinc'lo* in the play:

" You shall be Viceroys here, 'tis true,
" But we'll be Viceroys over you."
What wild confusion hence must ensue ©
Tho' common danger yet cements you:
So some wreck'd vessel, all in shatters,
Is held up by surrounding waters,
But stranded, when the pressure ceases,
Falls by its rottenness to pieces.
And fall it must! if wars were ended,
You'll ne'er have sense enough to mend it:
But creeping on, by low intrigues,
Like vermin of a thousand legs,*
Twill find as short a life assign'd,
As all things else of reptile kind.
Your Commonwealth's a common harlot,
The property of every varlet;
Which now in taste, and full employ,
All sorts admire, as all enjoy:
But soon a batter'd strumpet grown,
Yow'll curse and drum her out of town.

Such is the government you chose;
For this you bade the world be foes:
For this, so mark'd for dissolution,
You scorn the British Constitution,
That constitution form'd by sages.
The wonder of all modern ages:
Which owns no failure in reality,
Except corruption and venality;

And merely proves the adage just,

That best things spoil'd corrupt to worst:

So man supreme in earthly station,
And mighty lord of this creation,
When once his corse is dead as herring.
Becomes the most offensive carrion,
And sooner breeds the plague, 'tis found.
Than all beasts rotting on the ground.
Yet with republics to dismay us,
You've call'd up Anarchy from chaos.
With all the followers of her school,
Uproar and Rage and wild Misrule:
For whom this rout of Whigs distracted,
And ravings dire of every crack'd head:
These new-cast legislative engines

Of County-meetings and Conventions:

Committees vile of correspondence,
And mobs, whose tricks have almost undone 's:
While reason fails to check your course,
And Loyalty's kick'd out of doors,
And Folly, like inviting landlord,
Hoists on your poles her royal standard;
While the king's friends, in doleful dumps,
Have worn their courage to the stumps,
And leaving George in sad disaster,
Most sinfully deny their master.
What furies raged when you, in sea,
In shape of Indians, drown'd the tea;*
When your gay sparks, fatigued to watch it,
Assumed the moggison and hatchet,
With wampum'd blankets hid their laces,

And like their sweethearts, primedt their faces -

While not a red-coat dared oppose,
And scarce a 'Tory show'd his nose;
While Hutchinson,* for sure retreat,
Manceuvred to his country seat,
And thence affrighted, in the suds,
Stole off bareheaded through the woods.
" Have you not roused your mobs to join.
And make Mandamus-men resign,
Call'd forth each duffil-drest curmudgeon.
With dirty trowsers and white bludgeon.
