title: M'Fingal, Canto III: The Liberty Pole (part 5 of 6)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Serve only to provoke th' offender:

The will gains strength from treatment horrid,
As hides grow harder when they're curried.
No man e'er felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law;
Or held in method orthodox
His love of justice, in the stocks;
Or fail'd to lose by sheriff's shears
At once his loyalty and ears.
Have you made Murray* look less big,
Or smoked old Williams* to a Whig?
Did our mobb'd Ol'vert quit his station,
Or heed his vows of resignation?
Has Rivington,f in dread of stripes,
Ceased lying since you stole his types?

And can you think my faith will alter,
By tarring, whipping or the halter °
Pll stand the worst; for recompense ] trust King George and Providence.
And when with conquest gain'd I come,
Array'd in law and terror home,
Ye'll rue this inauspicious morn,
And curse the day, when ye were born,
In Job's high style of imprecations,
With all his plagues, without his patience."
Meanwhile beside the pole, the guard
A Bench of Justice had prepared,*
Where sitting round in awful sort
The grand Committee hold their Court;
While all the crew, in silent awe,
Wait from their lips the lore of law.
Few moments with deliberation
They hold the solemn consultation;
When soon in judgment all agree,
And Clerk proclaims the dread decree:

the mobs in New-England, in the trial and condemnation ¢
Tories. This marks a curious trait of national character.

Wawn aud Eng?

ows RUE

Can It

hy E/Tisdale

" That Squire M'Frnear having grown
The vilest Tory in the town,
And now in full examination
Convicted by his own confession,
Finding no tokens of repentance,
This Court proceeds to render sentence:
That first the Mob a slip-knot single
Tie round the neck of said M'Fineat,
And in due form do tar him next,
And feather, as the law directs;
Then through the town attendant ride him
In cart with Constable beside him,
And having held him up to shame,
Bring to the pole, from whence he came."
Forthwith the crowd proceed to deck
With halter'd noose M'Fineat's neck,
While he in peril of his soul
Stood tied half-hang'ng to the pole:
Then lifting high the ponderous jar,
Pour'd o'er his head the smoaking tar.
With less profusion once was spread
Oil on the Jewish monarch's head,
That down his beard and vestments ran.

And cover'd all his outward man.

As when (so Claudian* sings) the Gods
And earth-born Giants fell at odds,
The stout Enceladus in malice
Tore mountains up to throw at Pallas;
And while he held them o'er his head,
The river, from their fountains fed,
Pour'd down his back its copious tide,
And wore its channels in his hide:
So from the high-raised urn the torrents
Spread down his side their various currents;
His flowing wig, as next the brim,
First met and drank the sable stream:
Adown his visage stern and grave
Roll'd and adhered the viscid wave;
With arms depending as he stood,
Each cuff capacious holds the flood:
From nose and chin's remotest end,
The tarry icicles descend;
Tul all o'erspread, with colors gay.
He glitter'd to the western ray,

Like sleet-bound trees in wintry skies,
Or Lapland idol carved in ice.
And now the feather-bag display'd
Is waved in triumph o'er his head,
And clouds him o'er with feathers missive,
And down, upon the tar, adhesive:
Not Maia's* son, with wings for ears,
Such plumage round his visage wears;
Nor Milton's six-wing'dt angel gathers
Such superfluity of feathers.
Now all complete appears our 'Squire,
Like Gorgon or Chimera dire;
Nor more could boast on Plato'st plan
To rank among the race of man,
Or prove his claim to human nature,
As a two-lege'd, unfeather'd creature.
Then on the fatal cart, in state

They raised our grand Duumvirate.

And as at Rome* a like committee,
Who found an owl within their city,
With solemn rites and grave processions
At every shrine perform'd lustrations;
And least infection might take place
From such grim fowl with feather'd face,
All Rome attends him through the street
In triumph to his country seat:
With like devotion all the choir
Paraded round our awful 'Squire;
In front the martial music comes
Of horns and fiddles, fifes and drums,
With jingling sound of carriage bells,
And treble creak of rusted wheels.
Behind, the croud, in lengthen'd row
With proud procession, closed the show.
And at fit periods every throat
Combined in universal shout;
And hail'd great Liberty in chorus,
Or bawl'd ' confusion to the Tories.'
Not louder storm the welkin braves
