title: M'Fingal, Canto IV: The Vision (part 2 of 9)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 137
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

Remove the dim suffusions spread,
Which bribes and salaries there have bred

"Leaving the old, both worlds at once they view,
Who stand upon the threshold of the new. Waller.

+ Milton—Paradise Lost. Book 11.

And from the well of Bute infuse
Three genuine drops of Highland dews,
To purge, like euphrasy* and rue,
Thine eyes, for much thou hast to view.
Now freed from Tory darkness, raise
Thy head and spy the coming days.
For lo, before our second-sight,
The Continent ascends in light.
From north to south, what gath'ring swarms
Increase the pride of rebel arms!
Through every State our legions brave
Speed gallant marches to the grave,
Of battling Whigs the frequent prize,
While rebel trophies stain the skies.
Behold o'er northern realms afar
Extend the kindling flames of war!
See famed St. John's and Montrealt
Doom'd by Montgomery's arm to fall!

Where Hudson with majestic sway
Through hills disparted plows his way,
Fate spreads on Bemus' heights alarms,
And pours destruction on our arms;
There Bennington's ensanguined plain,
And Stony-Point, the prize of Wayne.
Behold near Del'ware's icy roar,
Where morning dawns on 'Trenton's shore,
While Hessians spread their Christmas feasts,
Rush rude these uninvited guests;
Nor aught avails the captured crew
Their martial whiskers' grisly hue!
On Princeton plains our heroes yield,
And spread in flight the vanquish'd field;
While fear to Mawhood's* heels puts on
Wings, wide as worn by Maia's son.
Behold the Pennsylvanian shore
Enrich'd with streams of British gore;

by escaping with about two hundred men from the battle at
Princeton.

Where many a veteran chief in bed
Of honor rests his slumb'ring head,"
And in soft vales, in land of foes,
Their wearied virtue finds repose!
See plund'ring Dunmore'st negro band
Fly headlong from Virginia's strand;
And far on southern hills our cousins,
The Scotch M'Donalds, fall by dozens;
Or where King's Mountain lifts its head.
Our ruin'd bands in triumph led!
Behold, o'er Tarlton's blustring train
Defeat extends the captive chain!
Afar near Eutaw's fatal springs,
Lo, rebel Vict'ry spreads her wings!
Through all the land, in varied chace,

We hunt the rainbow of success,

"Have ye chos’n this place,
After the toils of battle, to repose
Your wearied virtue; for the ease ye find
To slumber here, as in the vales of heaven? Milton.
} Lord Dunmore was Governor of Virginia at the commencement of the war. He fled with all the slaves and plun-
der he could collect.

In vain! their Chief, superior still,
Eludes our force with Fabian skill;
Or swift descending by surprize,
Like Prussia's eagle, sweeps the prize.
" ] look'd; nor yet, oppress'd with fears,
Gave credit to my eyes or ears;
But held the sights an empty dream,
On Berkley's* immaterial scheme;
And pond'ring sad with troubled breast.
At length my rising doubts express'd.
' Ah, whither thus, by rebels smitten,
Is fled th' omnipotence of Britain;
Or fail'd its usual guard to keep,
Absent from home or fast asleep °
Did not, retired to bowers Elysian,
Great Mars leave with her his commission,
And Neptune erst, in treaty free,
Give up dominion o'er the sea?
Else where's the faith of famed orations,t
Address, debate and proclamations,

ideal system, denied the existence of matter.
+ In this stile, the British orators and poets talk and write
of themselves.

Or courtly sermon, laureat ode,
And ballads on the wat'ry God;*
With whose high strains great George enriches
His eloquence of gracious speeches?
Not faithful to our Highland eyes,
These deadly forms of vision rise.
Some whig-inspiring rebel sprite
Now palms delusion on our sight.
I'd scarcely trust a tale so vain,
Should revelation prompt the strain;
Or Ossian's ghost the scenes rehearse
In all the melody of Erse.}"
" Too long," quoth Malcolm, " from confu-
You've dwelt already in delusion; [sion,
As sceptics, of all fools the chief,
Hold faith in creeds of unbelief.
I come to draw thy veil aside

Of error, prejudice and pride.

M'FINGAL. i

Fools love deception, but the wise
Prefer sad truths to pleasing lies.
For know, those hopes can ne'er succeed,
That trust on Britain's breaking reed.
For weak'ning long from bad to worse,
By cureless atrophy of purse,
She feels at length with trembling heart,
Her foes have found her mortal part.
As famed Achilles, dipp'd by Thetis
In Styx, as sung in antient ditties,
Grew all case-harden'd o'er, like steel,
Invulnerable, save his heel;

And laugh'd at swords and spears and squibs, -

And all diseases, but the kibes;
Yet met at last his deadly wound,
By Paris' arrow nail'd to ground:
So Britain's boasted strength deserts
In these her empire's utmost skirts,
Removed beyond her fierce impressions,
And atmosphere of omnipresence;
Nor to this shore's remoter ends
Her dwarf-omnipotence extends.
Hence in this turn of things so strange,

Tis time our principles to change:

For vain that boasted faith, that gathers
No perquisite, but tar and feathers;
No pay, but stripes from whiggish malice,
And no promotion, but the gallows.
l've long enough stood firm and steady,
Half-hang'd for loyalty already,
