title: M'Fingal, Canto IV: The Vision (part 8 of 9)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1782
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0001trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. I; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; Hudibrastic satire, iambic tetrameter couplets (Cantos I-II 1775-76, III-IV 1782)

And tar predestined for thy back.
Ah quit, my friend, this dang'rous home,
Nor wait the darker scenes to come.
For know, that fate's auspicious door,
Once shut to flight, is oped no more;
Nor wears its hinge, by changing stations,
Like Mercy's door in Proclamations.*
" But lest thou pause, or doubt to fly,
To stranger visions turn thine eye.
Each cloud, that dimm/'d thy mental ray,
And all the mortal mists decay.
See, more than human pow'rs befriend,

And lo! their hostile forms ascend.t

There tow'ring o'er the extended strand,
The Genius* of this western land,
For vengeance arm'd, his sword assumes,
And stands, like Tories, dress'd in plumes!
See, o'er yon Council-seat, with pride
How Freedom spreads her banners wide!
There Patriotism, with torch address'd
To fire with zeal each daring breast;
While all the Virtues in their train,
Escaped with pleasure o'er the main,
Desert their ancient British station,
Possess'd with rage of emigration.
Honor, his bus'ness at a stand,
For fear of starving quits their land;
And Justice, long disgraced at Court, had
By Mansfield's sentence been transported.
Vict'ry and Fame attend their way,
Though Britain wish their longer stay;
Care not what George or North would be at,

Nor heed their writs of Ne ezxeat;

a native, with his head ornamented with a high plume o!
feathers.

But fired with love of colonizing,
Quit the fall'n empire for the rising."
"T look'd, and saw, with horror smitten,
These hostile pow'rs averse to Britain.
"When lo, an awful spectre rose,
With languid paleness on his brows;
Wan dropsies swell'd his form beneath,
And iced his bloated cheeks with death;
His tatter'd robes exposed him bare
To every blast of ruder air;
On two weak crutches propp'd he stood,
That bent at every step he trod;
Gilt titles graced their sides so slender,
One, " Regulation," t'other, " 'Tender;"
His breastplate graved, with various dates,
"The Faith of all th' United States;"*
Before him went his funeral pall,
His grave stood, dug to wait his fall.
"] started, and aghast I cried,

"What means this spectre at their side °

"On all the emissions of Continental Bills of credit, Congress pledged for their punctual redemption, The Faith of the
United States.

What danger from a pow'r so vain,
Or union with that splendid train 7"
" Alas, great Malcolm cried, experience
Might teach you not to trust appearance.
Here stands, as dress'd by fell Belloua
The ghost of Continental Money!*
Of Dame Necessity descended,
With whom Credulity engender'd:
Though born with constitution frail,

And feeble strength, that soon must fail,

tender in payment. London tit.

Yet strangely vers'd in magic lore,
And gifted with transforming power.
His skill the wealth Peruvian joins,
With diamonds of Brazilian mines.
As erst Jove fell, by subtle wiles,
On Danae's* apron through the tiles,
In show'rs of gold; his potent wand
Shall shed like show'rs o'er all the land.
Less great the wondrous art was reckon'd
Of tallies cast by Charles the second,
Or Law's famed Missisippi schemes,
Or all the wealth of South-Sea dreams.
For he, of all the world, alone
Owns the long-sought Philos'pher's stone.
Restores the fabulous times to view,
And proves the tale of Midasf true.

O'er heaps of rags he waves his wand;
All turn to gold at his command,
Provide for present wants and future,
Raise armies, victual, clothe, accoutre,
Adjourn our conquests by essoin,
Check Howe's advance, and take Burgoyne;
Then makes all days of payment vain,
And turns all back to rags again.
In vain great Howe® shall play his part
To ape and counterfeit his art;
fn vain shall Clinton,* more belated,
A conj'rer turn to imitate it.
With like ill luck and pow'rs as narrow,
They'll fare, like sorcerers of old Pharaoh;
Who, though the art they understood
Of turning rivers into blood,
And caused their frogs and snakes t' exist,
That with some merit croak'd and hiss'd,

Yet ne'er by every quaint device
Could frame the true Mosaic lice.
He for the Whigs his arts shall try,
Their first, and long their sole, ally;
A Patriot firm, while breath he draws,
He'll perish in his Country's cause,
And when his magic labors cease,
Lie buried in eternal peace.
Now view the scenes, in future hours,
That wait the famed European powers.
See, where yon chalky cliffs arise,
