title: The Progress of Dulness, Part I: Tom Brainless (part 4 of 4)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1772
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0002trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. II; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 84
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse

And wit, to scoff at all that's grave:

Vent stolen jests, with strange grimaces,
From folly's book of common-places;
While mid the simple throng around
Fach kindred blockhead greets the sound,
And, like electric fire, at once,
The laugh is caught from dunce to dunce.
The deist's scoffs ye may despise;
Within yourselves your danger lies;
For who would wish, neglecting rule,
To aid the triumphs of a fool?
From heaven at first your order came,
From heaven received its sacred name,
Indulged to man, to point the way,
That leads from darkness up to day.
Your highborn dignity attend,
And view vour origin and end.
While human souls are all your care,
By warnings, counsels, preaching, prayer.
"In bands of christian friendship join'd,
Where pure affection warms the mind.
While each performs the pious race,
Nor dulness e'er usurps a place;
No vice shall brave your awful test,

Nor folly dare to broach the jest.

Each waiting eye shall humbly bend,
And reverence on your steps attend.
But when each point of serious weight
Is torn with wrangling and debate,
When truth, mid rage of dire divisions,
Is left, to fight for definitions,
And fools assume your sacred place,
"It threats your order with disgrace;
Bids genius from your seats withdraw,
And seek the pert, loquacious law;
Or deign in physic's paths to rank,
With every quack and mountebank:
Or in the ways of trade content,
Plod ledgers o'er of cent. per cent.
While in your seats so sacred, whence
We look for piety and sense,
Pert dulness raves in school-boy style,

Your friends must blush, your foes will smile;

While men, who teach the glorious way,
Where heaven unfolds celestial day,
Assume the task sublime, to bring
The message of th' Eternal King,
Disgrace those honours they receive,
And want that sense, they aim to give.

Now in the desk, with solemn air,
Our hero makes his audience stare;
Asserts with all dogmatic boldness,
Where impudence is yoked to dulness;
Reads o'er his notes with halting pace,
Mask'd in the stiffness of his face;
With gestures such as might become
Those statues once that spoke at Rome,
Or Livy's ox,* that to the state
Declared the oracles of fate,
In awkward tones, nor said, nor sung,
Slow rumbling o'er the falt'ring tongue,
Two hours his drawling speech holds on,
And names it preaching, when he's done.
With roving tired, he fixes down
For life, in some unsettled town.
People and priest full well agree,
For why—they know no more than he,
Vast tracts of unknown land he gains,
Better than those the moon contains;
There deals in preaching and in prayer,

And starves on sixty pounds a year,

And culls his texts, and tills his farm,
Does little good, and little harm;
On Sunday, in his best array,
Deals forth the dulness of the day,
And while above he spends his breath,
The yawning audience nod beneath.
Thus glib-tongued Merc'ry in his hand
Stretch'd forth the sleep-compelling wand,
Each eye in endless doze to keep—
The God of speaking, and of sleep.

ar ee saltan oat has

es tans aie ra -; ieeraeate ier

or Salil as fy
