title: Part Il (part 1 of 4)
author: John Trumbull
date: ed. 1820
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0002trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. II; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 127
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse

"TWAS in a town remote, the place
We leave the reader wise to guess,
(For readers wise can guess full well
What authors never meant to tell,)
There dwelt secure a country clown,
The wealthiest farmer of the town.
Though rich by villany and cheats,
He bought respect by frequent treats;
Gain'd offices by constant seeking,
"Squire, captain, deputy and deacon ;
Great was his power, his pride as arrant;

One only son his heir apparent.

He thought the stripling's parts were quick,
And vow'd to make a man of Dick;
Bless'd the pert dunce, and praised his looks,
And put him early to his books.
More oaths than words Dick learn'd to speak
And studied knavery more than Greek;
Three years at school, as usual, spent,
Then all equipp'd to college went,
And pleased in prospect, thus bestow'd
His meditations, as he rode.
" All hail, unvex'd with care and strife,
The bliss of academic life;
Where kind repose protracts the span.
While childhood ripens into man;
Where no hard parent's dreaded rage
Curbs the gay sports of youthful age:
Where no vile fear the genius awes
With grim severity of laws;
Where annual troops of bucks come down,
The flower of every neighb'ring town;
Where wealth and pride and riot wait,
And each choice spirit finds his mate.
"Far from those walls, from pleasure's eye,
let care and grief and labour fly.

The toil to gain the laurel prize,
That dims the anxious student's eyes,
The pedant air of learned looks,
And long fatigue of turning books.
Let poor dull rogues, with weary pains,
To college come to mend their brains,
And drudge four years, with grave concern
How they may wiser grow, and learn.
Is wealth of indolence afraid,
Or does wit need pedantic aid?
The man of wealth the world descries,
Without the help of learning wise;
The magic powers of gold, with ease,
'Transform us to what shape we please,
Give knowledge bright and courage brave.
And sense, that nature never gave.
But nought avails the hoarded treasure;
In spending only lies the pleasure.
" There vice shall lavish all her charms.
And rapture fold us in her arms,
Riot shall court the frolic soul,
And swearing crown the sparklin® bow!;
While wit shall sport with vast applause.

And scorn the feeble tie of laws:

Our midnight joys no rule shall bound,
While games and dalliance revel round.
Such pleasures youthful years can know,
And schools there are, that such bestow.
"' Those seats how blest, for ease and sport,
Where wealth and idleness resort,*
Where free from censure and from shame,
They seek of learning, but the name,
Their crimes of all degrees and sizes
Atoned by golden sacrifices;
Where kind instructors fix their price,
In just degrees, on every vice,
And fierce in zeal 'gainst wicked courses,
Demand repentance, of their purses;
Till sin, thus tax'd, produces clear
A copious income every year,
And the fair schools, thus free from scruples,
Thrive by the knavery of their pupils.

Geographical Paradozes.

'"'Ev'n thus the Pope long since has made
Of human crimes a gainful trade;
Keeps ev'ry pleasing vice for sale,
For cash, by wholesale, or retail.
There, pay the prices and the fees,
Buy rapes, or lies, or what you please,
Then sin secure, with firm reliance,
And bid the ten commands defiance.
" And yet, alas, these happiest schools
Preserve a set of musty rules,
And in their wisest progress show
Perfection is not found below.
Even there, indulged, in humble station,
Learning resides by toleration;
No law forbids the youth to read;
For sense no tortures are decreed;
There study injures but the name,
And meets no punishment but shame."
Thus reas'ning, Dick goes forth to find
A college suited to his mind;
But bred in distant woods, the clown
Brings all his country airs to town;
The odd address with awkward grace,
That bows with all-averted face;

The half-heard compliments, whose note
Is swallow'd in the trembling throat;
The stiffen'd gait, the drawling tone,
By which his native place is known;
The blush, that looks, by vast degrees,
Too much like modesty to please;
The proud displays of awkward dress,
That all the country fop express,
The suit right gay, though much belated,
Whose fashion's superannuated;
The watch, depending far in state,
Whose iron chain might form a grate;
The silver buckle, dread to view,
O'ershad' wing all the clumsy shoe;
The white-gloved hand, that tries to peep
From ruffle, full five inches deep;
With fifty odd affairs beside,
The foppishness of country pride.
Poor Dick! though first thy airs provoke
Th' obstreperous laugh and scornful joke,
Doom'd all the ridicule to stand,
While each gay dunce shall lend a hand;
Yet let not scorn dismay thy hope
To shine a witling and a fop.
