title: Part Il (part 3 of 4)
author: John Trumbull
date: ed. 1820
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0002trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. II; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse

At holy cant and godly prayers,
And bigot's hypocritic airs;
Musters each vet'ran jest to aid,
Calls piety the parson's trade;
Cries out 'tis shame, past all abiding,
The world should still be so priest-ridden;
Applauds free thought that scorns controul,
And gen'rous nobleness of soul,
That acts its pleasure good or evil,
And fears nor deity, nor devil.
These standing topics never fail
To prompt our little wits to rail,
With mimic droll'ry of grimace,
And pleased impertinence of face,
'Gainst virtue arm their feeble forces,
And sound the charge in peals of curses.
Blest be his ashes! under ground
If any particles be found,
Who friendly to the coxcomb race,
First taught those arts of common-place,
Those topics fine, on which the beau
May all his little wits bestow,
Secure the simple laugh to raise,
And gain the dunce's palm of praise.

For where's the theme that beaux could hit
With least similitude of wit,
Did not religion and the priest
Supply materials for the jest?
The poor in purse, with metals vile
For current coins, the world beguile:
The poor in brain, for genuine wit
Pass off a viler counterfeit;
While various thus their doom appears,
These lose their souls, and those their ears:
The want of fancy, whim supplies,
And native humour, mad caprice;
Loud noise for argument goes off,
For mirth polite, the ribald's scoff;
For sense, lewd droll'ries entertain us,
And wit is mimick'd by profaneness.
Thus 'twixt the taylor and the player,
And Hume, and Tristram, and Voltaire,
Complete in modern trim array'd,
The clockwork gentleman is made;
As thousand fops ere Dick have shone,
In airs, which Dick ere long shall own.
But not immediate from the clown,
He gains this zenith of renown;

Slow dawns the coxcomb's op'ning ray;
Rome was not finish'd in a day.
Perfection is the work of time;
Gradual he mounts the height sublime;
First shines abroad with bolder grace,
In suits of second-handed lace,
And learns by rote, like studious players,
The fop's infinity of airs;
Till merit, to full ripeness grown,
By constancy attains the crown.
Now should our tale at large proceed,
Here might I tell, and you might read
At college next how Dick went on,
And prated much and studied none;
Yet shone with fair, unborrow'd ray,
And steer'd where nature led the way.
What though each academic science
Bade all his efforts bold defiance!
What though in algebra his station
Was negative in each equation;
Though in astronomy survey'd,
His constant course was retrograde;
O'er Newton's system though he sleeps
And finds his wits in dark eclipse!

His talents proved of highest price
At all the arts of cards and dice;
His genius turn'd, with greatest skill,
To whist, loo, cribbage and quadrille,
And taught, to every rival's shame,
Each nice distinction of the game.
As noon-day sun, the case is plain,
Nature has nothing made in vain.
The blind mole cannot fly; 'tis found
His genius leads him under ground.
The man that was not made to think,
Was born to game, and swear, and drink.
Let fops defiance bid to satire,
Mind Tully's rule, and follow nature.
Yet here the muse, of Dick, must tell
He shone in active scenes as well;
The foremost place in riots held,
In all the gifts of noise excell'd,
His tongue, the bell, whose rattling din would
Summon the rake's nocturnal synod;
Swore with a grace that seem'd design'd
To emulate the infernal kind,
Nor only make their realms his due,
But learn, betimes, their language too:

And well expert in arts polite,
Drank wine by quarts to mend his sight,
For he that drinks till all things reel,
_ Sees double, and that's twice as well;
And ere its force confined his feet,
Led out his mob to scour the street;
Made all authority his may-game,
And strain'd his little wits to plague 'em.
Then, every crime atoned with ease,
Pro meritis,* received degrees;
And soon, as fortune chanced to fall,
His father died and left him all.
Then, bent to gain all modern fashions,
He sail'd to visit foreign nations,
Resolved, by toil unaw'd, to import
The follies of the British court;
But in his course o'erlook'd whate'er
Was learn'd or valued, rich or rare.
As fire electric. draws together
Each hair and straw and dust and feather,

mas.

The travell'd dunce collects betimes
The levities of other climes;
And when long toil has given success,
Returns his native land to bless,
A patriot fop, that struts by rules,
And Knight of all the shire of fools.
The praise of other learning lost,
To know the world is all his boast,
By conduct teach our country widgeons,
How coxcombs shine in other regions,
Display his travell'd airs and fashions,
And scoff at college educations.
Whoe'er at college points his sneer,
Proves that himself learn'd nothing there,
And wisely makes his honest aim
To pay the mutual debt of shame.
Mean while our hero's anxious care
Was all employ'd to please the fair;
With vows of love and airs polite,
Oft sighing at some lady's feet;
Pleased, while he thus in form address'd her.
With his own gracefulness of gesture.
And gaudy flattery, that displays
A studied elegance of phrase.
