title: An Elegy on the Times (part 1 of 2)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1774
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0002trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. II; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 141
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse

Ox Boston! late with every beauty crown'd,
Where Commerce triumph'd on the fav'ring gales;
And each pleased eye, that roved in prospect round,
Hail'd thy bright spires and bless'd thy opening

sails!

Thy splendid mart with rich profusion smiled,
The gay throng crowded in thy spacious streets,
From either Ind, thy cheerful stores were fill'd,

Thy haven joyous with unnumber'd fleets.

For here, more fair than in their native vales,
Tall groves of masts arose in beauteous pride;
Glad ocean shone beneath the swelling sails,

And wafted plenty on the bord'ring tide.

Alas how changed! the swelling sails no more
Catch the soft airs and wanton in the sky:
But hostile beaks affright the guarded shore,
And pointed thunders all access deny.

Where the bold cape its warning forehead rears,
Where tyrant vengeance waved her fatal wand,
Far from the sight each friendly vessel veers,
And flies averse the interdicted strand.

Along thy fields, which late in beauty shone,
With lowing herds and grassy vesture fair,
Th' insulting tents of barb'rous troops are strown.

And bloody standards stain the peaceful air.

Are these thy deeds, oh Britain? this the praise,
That gilds the fading lustre of thy name,
These the bold trophies of thy later days,

That close the period of thine early fame

Shall thy strong fleets, with awful sails unfurl'd,
On freedom's shrine th' unhallow'd vengeance
And leave forlorn the desolated world, [ bend,

Crush'd every foe and ruin'd every friend?

And quench'd, alas, the soul-inspiring ray,
Where virtue kindled and where genius soar'd:
Or damp'd by darkness and the dismal sway

Of senates venal and liveried lord?

There pride sits blazon'd on th' unmeaning brow,
And o'er the scene thy factious nobles wait,
Prompt the mix'd tumult of the noisy show,
Guide the blind vote and rule the mock debate.

To these how vain, in weary woes forlorn,
With abject fear the fond complaint to raise,
Lift fruitless off'rings to the ear of scorn
Of servile vows and well-dissembled praise!

Will the grim savage of the nightly fold
Learn from their cries the blameless flock to spare?
Will the deaf gods, that frown in molten gold,
Heed the duped vot'ry and the prostrate prayer 7

With what pleased hope before the throne of pride,
We rear'd our suppliant hands with filial awe,
While loud Disdain with ruffian voice replied,
And falsehood triumph'd in the garb of law

While Peers enraptured hail th' unmanly wrong,
See Ribaldry, vile prostitute of shame, [tongue,
Stretch the bribed hand and dart th' envenom'd
To blast the laurels of a Franklin's* fame!

But will the Sage, whose philosophic soul
Controll'd the lightning in its fierce career,
O'er heaven's dread vault bade harmless thunders
And taught the bolts etherial where to steer; [roll,

Will he, while echoing to his just renown,
The voice of kingdoms swells the loud applause,
Heed the weak malice of a courtier's frown,

Or dread the insolence of wrested laws °

Yet nought avail the virtues of the heart,
The vengeful bolt no muse's laurels ward;
From Britain's rage, like death's relentless dart,

No worth can save us and no fame can guard.

O'er hallow'd bounds see dire oppression roll,
Fair Freedom buried in the whelming flood;
Nor charter'd rights her tyrant course control,
Tho' seal'd by kings and witness'd in our blood.

In vain we hope from ministerial pride
A hand to save us or a heart to bless:
"Tis strength, our own, must stem the rushing tide,

Tis our own virtue must command success.

But oh my friends, the arm of blood restrain,
(No rage intemp'rate aids the public weal;)
Nor basely blend, too daring but in vain,
Tl assassin's madness with the patriot's zeal.

Ours be the manly firmness of the sage,
From shameless foes ungrateful wrongs to bear:
Alike removed from baseness and from rage,
The flames of faction and the chills of fear.

Repel the torrent of commercial* gain,
That buys our ruin at a price so rare,
And while we scorn Britannia's servile chain,

Disdain the livery of her marts to wear.

For shall the lust of fashion and of show,
The curst idolatry of silks and lace,
Bid our gay robes insult our country's woe,

And welcome slavery in the glare of dress?

No—the rich produce of our fertile soil
Shall clothe in neat array the cheerful train,
While heaven-born virtues bless the sacred toil,
And gild the humble vestures of the plain.

No foreign labor in the Asian field
Shall weave her silks to deck the wanton age:
But asin Rome, the furrow'd vale shall yield

The conq'ring hero and paternal sage.

And ye, whose heaven in golden pomp to shine,
And warmly press the dissipated round,
Grace the ripe banquet with the charms of wine,

And roll the thund'ring chariot o'er the ground;

For this, while guised in sycophantic smile,
With heart regardless of your country's pain,
Your flatt'ring falshoods feed the ears of guile,
And barter freedom for the dreams of gain!

Are these the joys on vassal-realms that wait;
In downs of ease and dalliance to repose,
Quaff streams nectareous in the domes of state,

And blaze in grandeur of imperial shows?

No—the hard hand, the tortured brow of care,
The thatch-roof'd hamlet and defenceless shed,
The tatter'd garb, that meets th' inclement air,
The famish'd table and the matted bed—

These are their fate. In vain the arm of toil
With gifts autumnal crowns the bearded plain,
In vain glad summer warms the genial soil,

And spring dissolves in softening showers in vain:

There savage power extends a dreary shade,
And chill oppression, with her frost severe,
Sheds a dire blast, that nips the rising blade,
And robs th' expecting labors of the year.

So must we sink? and at the stern command,
That bears the terror of a tyrant's word,
Bend the weak knee and raise the suppliant hand;
The scorn'd, dependant vassals of a lord?

The wintry ravage of the storm to meet,
Brave the scorch'd vapor of th' autumnal air,
Then pour the hard-earn'd harvest at his feet,

And beg some pittance from our pains to share.

But not for this, by heaven and virtue led,
From the mad rule of hierarchal pride,
O'er pathless seas our injured fathers fled,
And follow'd freedom on th' advent'rous tide;
Dared the wild horrors of the clime unknown,
Th' insidious savage, and the crimson plain,
To us bequeath'd the prize their woes had won,

Nor deem'd they suffer'd, or they bled in vain.
