title: An Elegy on the Times (part 2 of 2)
author: John Trumbull
date: 1774
source: https://archive.org/details/poeticalworksofj0002trum (The Poetical Works of John Trumbull, Hartford, 1820, vol. II; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 137
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; satire / light verse

And think'st thou, Nortu,* the sons of such a race,

Whose beams of glory bless'd their purpled morn.

Will shrink unnerved before a despot's face,

Nor meet thy louring insolence with scorn °

Look through the circuit of th' extended shore,
That checks the surges of th' Atlantic deep:
What weak eye trembles at the frown of power,
What torpid soul invites the bands of sleep °

What kindness warms éach heav'n-illumined heart!
What gen'rous gifts* the woes of want assuage,
And sympathetic tears of pity start,
To aid the destined victims of thy rage!

No faction, clamorous with unhallow'd zeal,
'To wayward madness wakes th' impassion'd throng;
No thoughtless furies sheath our breasts in steel,

Or call the sword t' avenge th' oppressive wrone:

Fraternal bands with vows accordant join,
One guardian genius, one pervading soul
Nerves the bold arm, inspires the just design,

Combines, enlivens, and illumes the whole.

Now meet the Fatherst of the western clime,

Nor names more noble graced the rolls of fame.

When Spartan firmness braved the wrecks of time,
Or Latian virtue fann'd th' heroic flame.

Not deeper thought th' immortal sage inspired,
On Solon's lips when Grecian senates hung;
Nor manlier eloquence the bosom fired,
When genius thunder'd from th' Athenian* tongue.

And hopes thy pride to match the patriot strain,:
By the bribed slave in pension'd lists enroll'd;
Or awe their councils by the voice prophane,
That wakes to utt'rance at the call of gold?

Can frowns of terror daunt the warrior's deeds,
Where guilt is stranger to th' ingenuous heart,
Or craft illude, where godlike science sheds
The beams of knowledge and the gifts of art?

Go, raise thy hand, and with its magic power
Pencil with night the sun's ascending ray,
Bid the broad veil eclipse the noon-tide hour,
And damps of Stygian darkness shroud the day;

Bid heaven's dread thunder at thy voice expire,
Or chain the angry vengeance of the waves;
Then hope thy breath can quench th' immortal fire,

And free sows pinion with the bonds of slaves.

Thou canst not hope! Attend the flight of days,
View the bold deeds, that wait the dawning age,
Where Time's strong arm, that rules the mighty maze,
Shifts the proud actors on this earthly stage.

Then tell us, Norru: for thou art sure to know,
For have not kings and fortune made thee great;
Or lurks not wisdom in th' ennobled brow,

And dwells no prescience in the robes of state?

Tell how the powers of luxury and pride
Taint thy pure zephyrs with their baleful breath,
How deep corruption spreads th' envenom'd tide,
And whelms thy land in darkness and in death.

And tell how rapt by freedom's sacred flame,
And fost'ring influence of propitious skies,
This western world, the last recess of fame,
Sees in her wilds a new-born empire rise—

A new-born empire, whose ascendant hour
Defies its foes, assembled to destroy,
And like Alcides,* with its infant power
Shall crush those serpents, who its rest annoy.

gled two serpents that attacked him in his cradle.

Then look through time, and with extended eye,
Pierce the dim veil of fate's obscure domain:
The morning dawns, th' etfulgent star is nigh,

And crimson glories deck our rising reign.

Behold, emerging from the cloud of days,
Where rest the wonders of ascending fame,
What heroes rise, immortal heirs of praise! [flame!
What fields of death with conq'ring standards

See our throng'd cities' warlike gates unfold;
What towering armies stretch their banners wide,
Where cold Ontario's icy waves are roll'd,
Or far Altama's* silver waters glide!
Lo, from the groves, th' aspiring cliffs that shade,
Descending pines the surging ocean brave,
Rise in tall masts, the floating canvas spread,
And rule the dread dominions of the wave!

Where the clear rivers pour their mazy tide,
The smiling lawns in full luxuriance bloom;
The harvest wantons in its golden pride,
The flowery garden breathes a glad perfume.

"& Where wild Altama murmurs to their woe.”
Goldsmith, Deserted Village.

A river in the State of Georgia, commonly written Altamaha,

from the name given it by the natives.

Behold that coast, which seats of wealth surround,
That haven, rich with many a flowing sail,

Where friendly ships, from earth's remotest bound,
Float on the cheerly pinions of the gale;

'There Boston smiles, no more the sport of scorn,
And meanly prison'd by thy fleets no more,
And far as ocean's billowy tides are borne,

Lifts her dread ensigns of imperial power.

So smile the shores, where lordly Hudson strays,
Whose floods fair York and deep Albania lave,
Or Philadelphia's happier clime surveys
Her splendid seats in Delaware's lucid wave;

Or southward far extend thy wond'ring eyes,
Where fertile streams the garden'd vales divide,
And mid the peopled fields, distinguish'd rise

Virginian towers and Charleston's spiry pride.
This virgin clime unfolds her brightest charms,

Genius of arts, of manners and of arms,
And gives her beauties to thy fond embrace.

Hark, from the glades and every list'ning spray,
What heaven-born muses wake the raptured song!
'The vocal groves attune the warbling lay,

And echoing vales the rising strains prolong.

Through the vast series of descending years,
That lose their currents in th' eternal wave,
Till heaven's last trump shall rend th' affrighted

And ope each empire's everlasting grave; [spheres,

Propitious skies the joyous field shall crown,
And robe our vallies in perpetual prime,
And ages blest of undisturb'd renown
Arise in radiance o'er th' imperial clime.
And where is Britain ° In the skirt of day,
Where stormy Neptune rolls his utmost tide,
Where suns oblique diffuse a feeble ray,
And lonely streams the fated coasts divide,

Seest thou yon Isle, whose desert landscape yields
The mournful traces of the fame she bore,
Where matted thorns oppress th' uncultur'd fields,
And piles of ruin load the dreary shore?

From those loved seats, the Virtues sad withdrew
From fell Corruption's bold and venal hand;
Reluctant Freedom waved her last adieu,

And devastation swept the vassall'd land.

On her white cliffs, the pillars once of fame,
Her melancholy Genius sits to wail,
Drops the fond tear, and o'er her latest shame,
Bids dark Oblivion draw th' eternal veil.

nes Set isp;
