A. 


SR Biti RAR 


i AV EK 


OF 


POVERTY. 


at the 
Price 1s. 


Pr Hs Inopem, me Copia fecit. Ov: 


Printed for fon at the Black Swan with- 
out Temple-bar, and fold by at the 


Uxford-Arms in Warwick-lane, Price 1 5. 


— neni 


Right Honourable 


CHARLES 
Far of Halifax. 


Boy coe Would fain be jude’d to think 

fal tied very modeftly of my Perfor- 
mance t this Poem, but 
bave reafon to fear the World 
will fufpett me of Arrogance, for prefi- 
ming to infcribe it to Your Lordthip; 
or at leaft determine, that I bave a more 
than common Efteem for this Piece. 


of NAC wR 
i ae a 


DEDICATION. - 
‘I were a Diffimulation I could not etm 
fay digeft,to pretend I bave no little T en. 
derne{s for its Welfare: I wrote the whole 
with a particular Plenfire, and bave 
look’d on It with the Affection of a-fond 
Parent’; but ‘when I confe(s’ it my Fa= 
vourti¢s Niy dogds I pam ffillsfo corm 
Sotous of its being diftant from erfettion. 


that 1 forefee ouly One of the Greateft 
Dp E 


tenance, or srreen its Errors from too 


pete 7. 
fevere an Laguifttion 


I bave formd an Opinion to my fe 


Damuing Critici{m, But let me fland 
excus d to Your Lordfhip, from aff 
ming any Eretenfeons to Your Favour, 
iban from an bumble Ambition of defer 
vig it: Your Lordthip # the Great 
Meccenas of thir Ave, in the Encou= 
ragement 


| 


DEDICATION 
ragement.of Poefy ; and. the Apollo, 
in the Superior Excellence of your T au 
lent in this Art. | 
f need uot blufh to own, tharmy Dex 


| fire of throwing this Poem. at. Your 


Lordfhip’s Feet, alone infpir d Me t9 
tbe penning of lt ; and that my Prefum= 
ptton im doing my felf this. Honour flow’ d 
from an Affurance I have, that to beg 
Your Lordfhip’s Protet#on, a: in fome 
meafure to deferve it. I wilh 1 could 
with Truth put im for a further Claim, 
but all my Merit beyond this mujt Cen= 
ter it Your Lordthip’s Candour - 
Ana,My Lord, I am fenfible That Ge. 
nerofrty of Tour Soul is fo exctenfive, tbat 
Your Good Nature always Softens the Se. 
verity of Lour Fudgment » and you force 
Your felf to Pardon, even what Yon 
cannot be pleas 'd at. 

Lam ftell accountable to Your Lord 
thip for an Infolence, which 1 am wholly 
at 4 Lofs to excufe.; that being fo far 


frou 


DEDICATION. 
from a Mafter in the Idiom of my own 
Time, IL fhould venture to flart up an 
Imitator of the Immortal Shakefpeare: 
P know Your Lordthip's Difcerument 
Will eaftly perceive, that my Imitation is 
very Superficial ; extending only to the 
borrowing fome of bis Words, without 
being able to follow bim in the Pofition 
of tbem, bis Style, or bis Elegance, 
This Vanity is fuficient for my Cotte 
denmation, yet bad I no other Defetts to 
excufe, I aight with more Alfurance beg 


Leave to fubf{cribe my Self, 
My Lord, 
Your Lordfhip’s moff 
Devoted, and Obedient. 


Humble Servant, 


Lew. Theobald. 


@2AAN barren Soil, and damp unwholfome 
| Ar, 

é yy Where weeping Clouds Eternal Dew | 
aintilla ; ee 
Where no gay Sun-fhine did the Morning chear, 7 
Or Mid-day Fires the dark Meridian eild ; 


) (fpread, 
A Cave there flood ; whofe vaulted Sides were 


When: Nature firft rear’d her Created Head» 
ey te: 


The Cave of Poverty. 


meee K 


Ten Thoufand Doors, like Flaws in mouldring Earth, 

Led to the Center of the Gloomy Den 5 

And each to ftreaky Gleams of Light gave Birth, 

That fhot a-thwart the Dufk, and feem’d a-kin : 
Pale as the Fire) that on Night’s Vifage glows, 


Serving alone her Horrors to difclofe: 


IT}, 


Oft o’er the Moody Dome hoarfe Ravens fly, 
The Chatt’ring Mag-pye, and the Ribauld Crow ; 
Oft hungry Weazels thrike, and Padocks dye, 
Thro’ Famine, jn th’ unfurnifh’d Vales below : 
The Vales vio vital Nourifhment produce, . 


Scant is their Grafs, and venom’d is its Juice. 
LV. 


Defart, yet populous, the Plains appear, 

ik 
Th? imperfe& Image of a ghaitly Dream’; 
Here unknown Noifes pierce the gallow’d Ear, 


There living Forms, like empty Phantoms, feem : 


All 


The Cave of PovERTY. 


All was. confus’d, yet all was of a piece 5 


Nature ’twas ftill, but Nature in Duftrefs. 


V. 


| A Hundred hideous Shapes the Cave furround, 
Th’ Unlov’d Retinue of their Meagre Queen 5 
Rude Difcord brawls, Quarr’lous Debates abound, 


And ugly Fraud, and Indigence obfcene : 
Dullnefs and Ign’rance erft did haunt the Place, 


Till Fortune fmil’d, and fhew’d the Sifters Grace. 
VI, 


Far in the Dungeon’s Depth, in fullen Pride, 

On matted Straw the gloomy Regent {at : 

Famine, Defpair, and Sicknefs by her fide 

The Motions of her envious Pleafure- wait. 
Behind her violent Deaths attend ; which, when 


Inrag’d, fhe fends to tempt. unwary Men. 
VIt, 


Pale was her Face, and fhrivell’d was her Skin, 
Ey yes funk, and ftarting Bones , as fhe were now 


RD ry 
Sie: Lhe 


OT Re roar 


A The Cave of POVERTY. 


The Skeleton of what fhe once had bin; 

So lean and wretched did the Daemon thew : 
Her Locks with Filth fo clotted, fhe appears 
A Fury, hung with Snakes, inftead of Hairs. 


VIII. 


Plain was her Furniture, of homely Wood ; 
And mean, and fquallid, was her whole Attire , 
- Some far-fetch’d Roots and Water were her Food, 
And Furz of Heaths the Fewel of her Fire. 

On Earthen LamptwiceT wentyGlow-worms lay, 


Whofe {pangled Light fupplies the want of Day. 
IX. 


Arouhd upon the craggy Walls, that feem’d 

The Remnants of a Rock by Time fubdu’d, 

Hung Tablets, large,and various ; which were deem’d 
‘The triftful Regent’s choiceft Interlude : 


Thefe did, in pencil’d Portraiture, contain 


The nun’rous Triumphs of her Iron Reign, 


x. 
* * 


The Cave of Poverty. § 


A, 


A Thoufand Lamentable Objects grace 

The Life-exprefling Charts, which fet to view 

Jo what fad Shifts does Mifery debafe 

The Soul and Appetite, when Wants purfue : 
What fhamelefsFraud from pinchingHunger grows, 
What coarfe Repafts does mighty Need impofe. 


Xl. 


Flere might one fee fome Foe-beleaguer’d Town, 

Scant of Provifion, weak in her Defence, 

In Colour-wrought Diftrefs the Vidor own, 

And, Famine to evade, with Chains difpenfe. 
At Diftance Centries pale, in anxious Strife, 
Caft Lots for Mice to cherifh ebbing Life. 


XII. 


Oa adverfe Column was a- Scene difplay'd 
Of Univerfal Havock, general Woe ; 
Comets aloft their yellow Trefles {pread, 


And noxious gouthern Tempefts feem to blow $ 


ae 


Tbe Cave of Poverty. 


The imitated Sky appears a-duft, 
And tainted with the baleful, fultry, Guft. 


AIII, 


While Herds below the Mortal Influence feel, 
ome dying on the Herbage, others dead, 
struck with th’ Aerial Blaft they feem to reel, 
With languid fwimming Eye, and drooping Head. 
The hardy Steer a-while refifts his Pain, 


But finks o’er-mafter’d with the potent Bane. 
XIV. 


1¢ fierce Contagion, that on Beafts began, 
Turns: its ambitious Arms to nobler Prey ; 
And fcorning meaner, Triumphs, now on Man 
Does its inhuman hoftile Strength eflay : 
Grim Poverty eres her haughty Head, 


n: 


By Peftilence to fee her Empire {pread, 


bi 


Sifter of Envy ! Heart-afliding Fiend! 


TYAS 
LAiUe lt f 


iter of Hell! and Parent of Annoy ! 


X 


Stern 


Tbe Cave of Poverty. 7 


Stern Nurfe of Difcontents ! Oppreffion’s Friend ! 
Copefmate of Dolour! Enemy to Joy ! 
When will thy fatal Thirft of Mifchief ceafe > 


When wilt thou” let the harrafs’d World have 
(Peace? 


XVI. 


Unlike the laft Defign, tho’ next in place, 

A. diffrent Profped of Diftrefs is feen. 

A ftately Bark, in diftant Northern Seas, 

Awaits a friendly Thaw, and Sky ferene. 
In vain fhe waits, the folid Froft reftrains 


Her lab’ring’Keel, ‘and binds in Tey Chains. 
XVII. 


Faft in the cold Confinement lodg’d fhe ftands , 
Her Crew defponding on each other Stare, 
Mourning that Art, nor ftrong aflifting Hands, 
Can counfel, or avail, as now they fare ; 
Their Courfe retarded and Provifion fpent 


Prefcribe Defpair, and fatal Thoughts foment : 


The Cave of Povirty, 


XVIIE. 


There might you fee a Sailor, with a Face 

Intending heavy Plight, and wordlefs Woes, 

In-ly debate the Hardfhip of his Cafe, 

And curfe the Caufe, to which his Fate he owes : 
Blame niggard Fortune that enforc’d him roan; 


And would not grant a Suftenance at home. 
XIX, 


Others aloft om Deck One trembling Mate; 
With Daggers drawn, purfue ; who feems to plead 
Againft their murth’ring Hafte ; to deprecate 
His Doom, and urge the Guilt of their Mifdeed : 
Vain is the Rhet’rick of his Eyes and Tongue; 
Fis Death the Life of others muft prolong. 


b. ©. 4 
56 nice the Painter’s Art; it all fupplies 
But Words to breath his Agonizing Pain $ 


Fur Words, he drew fuch Paflion in his Eyes, 


Aa far above weak Language does complain > % 
Galle 


The Gave of Poverty. 9 


Calls ’eia inhuman and ungentle Knaves, 


Batbarians; murth’rihg Carls, and favage Slaves: 
XXL 


What can my Blood, the Shadow feems to fay; 

To your Relief contribute, when ’tis fpilt ? 

Will ftaving off grim Death a httle Day; 

Before “jut Heav’n, compenfate for your Guilt ? 
O think, as Hunger will again invade you, 


Your Turns will come, and let that Thought dif+ 
({wade you. 


AAXIT. 


From pidtur’d Ocean the delighted Eye 

Skips o’er to Landfchap of fome Verdant Heath $ 

On whofe lone Skirts, full oft, in: Ambuth lye 

The Sons of Rapine, threat’ning bloody Death : 
There, treach’rous Hedges andthe winding Road 


Befpeak the Robber’s Haunts, and Theft forebode, 
XXIIE 
tn from his Steed anon you might behold 


To 
Fhe frighted Traveller, befet and pale ; 
C Whem 


10 The Cave of Poverty, 


i Whom four-fac’d Ruffians, that demand his Gold, 

| With tharp Rebukes and fharper Swords affail - 
Foree is their Law; and prefling Want infpires 
Their Breafts to lawlefs Ads, and foul Defires. 


AXIV. 


On diff’rent Pannel of the rough-hewn Wall, 

A Sketch of more abftrated Woe appears ; 

The lively Semblance of domeftick Thrall, 

Where Infants cry, and Mothers are in Tears ;. 
In vain,the good Man pleads his Care of thriving : 
What’s Care, ftrone Poverty againft it ftriving 2 


Xe 


Hundreds of fuch Defcriptions, all around, 
Diverfify the Room with Painted Story : 
Flatt’ring the Goddefs, who main Pleafure found 
In the Survey of her malignant Glory. 

With confcious Pride,fhe eyes the Num’rous Plans, 


And, by the Paft, her Future Prowefs fcans. 


XXXVI 


Tbe Cave of Poverty, 11 


AXVI. 
Had I an Hundred Mouths, as many Tongues, 
Had I old Neffor’s Brain, Minerva’s Skill, 

Flad I the Roifting Stentor’s Brazen Lungs, 
Had I an Utt’rance as Fame’s Trumpet fhrill ; 
I could not half the Pageant Ills o’ercall, 
That garnifh and betrim the gloomy Wall. 


XXVII. 


My Tongue would faulter and my Utt’rance fail, 
My Lungs grow weak, and Copioufnefs confufe 

_ The Series of my Part-deliver’d Tale, 

My Skill and Brain their Force and Funétions lofe ; 
So much Imaginary Work was there, 


No Mem’ry cou’d comprife, no Verfe declare. 


XXVIII. 


How, o’er the Continent, and furrow’d Main, 
In Pop’leus Gities, and in Village f{mall, 
‘Stern Poverty did Arbitrary reign 5 


And hald Mankind in Vaflalage and ‘Thrall 
C 2 Sub- 


12 Tbe Cave of Poverty. 


Subduing each with fev’ral hurtful Art, 


That drains the Life-blood, or that pricks the 
(Heart. 
Xx XIX. 


Ev'n as Theffalan Witch, whofe potent Spight 

With Moon-colle&ed Herbs, or Philtred Cup, 

With Waxen Image, Earth-intomb’d by Night, 
Fell-pleafing Prayirs, or dead Men’s Bones dug up, ~ 
Doth on her fuff’ring Patient work thofe Ends 


Hier Malice didates, or her Rage intends ; 
AA X, 


Pois’ning the Peafant’s Health, to that degree, 
His Flefh is wither’d, and his Colour fled ; 
Driving the Swain to frantick Extafie 

Of hot Defires, that court the Callet’s Bed : 
With Magick Thorn compelling heavy Pain, 


That works thro’ ev'ry Nerve, and wounds the 
: (Brain. 


<7 r aiviey V $e 

maX Xx x. ° 
ep vm my ede a Se on" >EN ey ZIxI4 | ¢ > 
20 Po verty, with fierce envenom d Spleen, 


e¥ 


Racks f her foul Vhoughts to multiply Annoy ; 
ae & %, uf th 3 


The Cave of Poverty. 13 


| Deals out commiffion’d Plagues from her Demean, 
| Some to torment, dnd Others to deftroy : 
The licens’d Ills their Regent’s Hefts obey s 


Hatfte to their Charge; and make the World their 
(Prey, 


XXXII. 


~~ 


Hence One, with afhy Cheek and haggard Kye, 

The Inward Labour of his Soul betrays 5 

While’ Debt does with inceflant Horrors ply 
The haunted Wretch, and curfes all his Days 5 
Rides him in Dreams ; and harrafles his Nights 


With Tip-ftaves, and Imaginary Frights. 
XX XIII. 


Hence One, with fallow Face and gloomy Air, 
Turns to the Earth his difcontented Eyes 5 


The Jaundice. of his T hought-diftracing Care, 


Makes him abhor the Sun and gaudy Sktes : 
Grim Bege’ry holds the Meagre Wight in Chace, 


Whole Pride contends to cloak the dire Difgrace- 


wYVTV 
NAD i Vo 


14 [he Cave of Porreen 


KXXIV. 


Hence Others, whofe ungovern’d Years have run 
Quite thro’ the Leavings of their Father’s Care, 
Reduc’d to Want, by Us’rers are undone ; 
And perifh in Extortion’s griping Snare : 

At once the greedy Whirl-pool drinks em down : 


And, e're they can perceive they fink, they drown, 


AXXV, 


cn 


Some in the Law’s expenfive Net are tangled, 
some on the Rock of Bigot-Zeal are fplit ; 
Some by too fervent Loyalty imbrangled, 
some ruin’d by too fierce and dang’rous Wit: 
Almighty Poverty can work her Will 


evry Caufe alike, thro* Good, or II, 


(a re 
yen 
& LITO 


Be, 21 


As in the Cretan Labyrinth of old, 
‘The fabled Glory of Dedalean Art, 
With curling Wave, and many a crooked fold, 


The ringy Paths did wander out, and part; 


Yet 


The Cave of Poverry. 


Yet various as they ran, the fev’ral Ways 
Led to the Center of the winding Maze. 
XXXVIL 
| Oras, in Man, fome fharp Diftemper’s Rage; 
: Like trenchant Sword, can cut Life’s brittle Chain; 
| Or Sleep itfelf the Soul can difengage, 


| As well as Feavers or convulfive Pain : 


So ev’ry Chance, if Poverty fo pleafe, 
Can ferve, Us of our Fortunes to difleize. 
XXXVIIIL 


This knew the Goddefs, and with Pride élate, 
Like bloated Toad, fat {welling in her Cave ; 
| Pond’ring with pleas’d Malignity her State, 


And how fhe might the Earth’s whole Globe enflave: 
_ And ever and anon her blood-fhot Eyes 


She throws, her willing Tenants to revife, 
XX XIX. 


‘For from each Avenue, that downward guides 


Fo the main Chamber of the murky Den, 
( 2 


16 The Cave of Poverty. 


A flender Entry wound; whofe hollow’d Side 


Did Ranks of fubterranean Rooms contain : 
i Retreats to fuch as uncompell’d did own 
The Regent’s Title, and rever’d her ‘Throne: 
XL. 
Here, in {mall filent Dormitories, lay 
Clufters of Bards; who, when they ftruck the Lyre, 
Did thro’ the Caverns Harmony convey ; 
Awak’ning fprightly Love and gay Defire. 
Thefe did the Worild’s vain Idol, Wealth, defpife; 
Panting for Fame, and the contefted Prize: 


RL 2 


Here fome in Hutts, like Hermets Cells, were plac’d, 

Hamm’ring {weet Sonnet in the Lyrick Strain ; 

Some in their Verfe the foft Anacreon trac’d ; 

Some copied Homer in more {welling Vein: 
Others in Ballance weigh’d, with Skill profound, 


The Force of Senfe againft the Charms of Sound. 


KLE 


And empty Vantage of Superior Place ; 
_ The Staff or Garter; which did erft adorn, 


The Gave of Poverty. 17 


XLIL 


| In fep’rate Cabin there you might behold 


A Herd of Men by Titles only known ; 

Trim {tately Courtiers, all imbofs’d cad Gold, 

Whofe yellow Luftre thro’ the Darknefs fhone : 
But their o’erwhelming Brows did feem to borrow 


A penfive Low’ring from repentant Sorrow. 
XLIL 


Sick- thoughted, they their once- -priz’d G randeut 
Clcorn 3 


Have loft their boafted Dignity and Grace : 
Sith the Remembrance of fuch tranfient Fame 


Dies with the Wearer, not prolongs his Nae, 


XLIV: 


'Thefe did, in their Ambition’ S jocund Hour, 
The Mufe’s Rev’rend Compliments receive 5 
Smil’d on the Numbers that f,ir-fpoke their Pow’r; 


Bur let the Bard uinguerdon’d take his Leave : 
ry 


Aud 


18 The Cave of P ovary. 


And that fair Quital,, fhou’d have been his Hire, 


Lavith’d on Vice and reprobate Defire. 


i | “Xv. 

O ‘faulty Riot, and Creft-wounding Shame ! 

O worthlefs Drofs ill fpar’d, more vilely'{pent ! 

Full nobly had his Verfe fecur’d your Fame 

From Death, and never-dying Honours Jent; 
Had grateful Treatment but provok’d his Lays 


To grant the long Inheritance of Praife. 


XLVI. 


mp 
f 


Next Thefe, of pining Churls a-tatter’d Tribe, 
The Spoils of Age and éver-waking Cares 
Whofe-Looks the Temper of their, Souls defcribe, 
Ana Av’rice and Miftruft decipher’d bear: 
Brooding o’er Heaps of Gold, for more they thirit; 


Poor in Belief, tho’ with Abundance curft. 
ALVII. 


Self-ftarving Beggars! Wealth-diffembling Knaves J 


Heirs to Reproach ! unaiding, unbefriended ! 
| | Sons 


The ‘Gave of Poverty. 19 


- Sons of fharp Mis’ry ! Money’s envious Graves 
Pale Prefidents of Want with Plenty blended ! 
Like Tantalus, ingirt with dazling Store ; 


Which touch you dare not, or you have no Pow’r. 
XLVIIL 


Juft were thy Judgment, Heav’n, if Curfe, fo ftange, 
Of Phrygian Midas did thefe Wights furprize ; 
And ev’ry thing they touch, its Nature change, 
Transforming to the Plague they idolize : 
Then might the greedy Mifers ftarve indeed, 
Or, Eftrich-like, on Ingots learn to feed. 


ALIX, 
Of Prodigals a rude and roifting Train, 
Like Bees in Hives,{warm thro’ the neighb’ring Cells; 
Thick, as the Sands on Africk’s Sun-beat Platn, 
Or Billows, when the Wind-rouz’d Ocean {wells : 
With wild Profufion thefe confume their Store, 


And rack Invention, lab’ring to be poor. 


C2 


20 The Cave of Poverty. 


ie | fe 
I ; 
ii 


| Improvident, luxurious, fhallow Fools ! 

Wife Men's Derifion ! and the Sharper’s Prey ! 

Feaft-finding Minftrell’s Patrons! Harlot’s Tools! 

Night’s Mates, the Scornings of the Tell-tale Day ! 
Were all Paéiolus’ Golden Streams your own, 


You‘d drain the wealthy Channel, e’er have done. 
i. 


In gloomy Cavern here you might -furvey 

Beldams, hard-favour’d, and with Age grown double; 

Churlith and crooked, Objects of Decay, 

The Triumphs of h arfh Need,and long-liv’d Trouble: 

"At fight of whofe Diftrels, in fierce Difinay, 
The Village-Curs wou'd bark and ftand at bay. 


El. 


Hence the grofs Vulgar, who from outward Plight 
Of inward Bearing found their rath Surmife, 
94 


Mifdeem’d them Haggs, foul Sifters of the N ight ; 


And thought their way ward Moods of Magick Rife : 


The. Cave of Povirty. ‘a1 


On Hellifh Combination charging Woes, 


Which from Extremes of Want alone arofe. 


LIIl. 


Onward a griefly Troop of Aged Seers, 
Strangers to Cleanlinefs, and Slaves to Thought, 
With Beards wide-fpreading on their Breafts,appears; 
Thefe the myfterious Births of Nature fought : 
Striving th’ unfathomable Depth to found 
With ftrained Wifdom, and Conceit profound, 


LIV. 


How known Effects from diftant Caufes flow ; 
What {trong Difeafe the folid Earth can thake ; 
Whence fprings the Thunder, or the fleecy Snow; 
What Tranfmutations mounting Vapours take : 
Refolving all to Second Caufe’s Force, 


And Element’s contingent Intercourfe, 


LV. 


Cloifter'd with Thefe, more modern Madmen fat : 


Watching an Embrio, which their Hopes will foil, 


Ua i Pay 
That 


Tbe Cave of POWER Py. 


That: ne’er by Time of Art fhall grow compleat ; 
But, hafPning to: Perfection, °mock' their Toil: 
The Sublimated Spirit contends for room, 


Breaks its Glafs Pris’n, and vanifhes in Fume. 
LVI, 


Strack with Surprize the Chymiek' Dotards groan, 
To {ee fuch Iffue of their “Care and Coft ; 


To fee-the precious. Preparation’ flown, 


And -almoft-finifh’d Magifterium loft: 
Think they their Error know ; but know too late, 


When the curft Error has out-run their State. 


LYII. 


Who erft, like Chymifts, did vain Hopes purfue ; 


_s 


aS 


By coftly Drefs and’courtly Phrafe, depended 


The Golden Nymiph’s Affections to’ fubdue : 


But now the Lafs-lorn Lovers, in Difgrace, 


Drop their Mock State, and wear a penfive Face. 


LVI, 


Fhe Gave of PoveErty: 23 
LVIil. 


in diffrent Cells a mingled Croud refide, 
That Want and Mis’ry in their Afpects bear ; 
Here Pilgtims, Henmets, meagre Anch’rets' glide; 
And pale Love-Jacking Nuns, of rigid Clare, 
Who fhone, like blue-vein’d Violets, peering thro’ 


A tufted: Hillock,’’ or'a ragged: Bough. 
LIX. 


Attir’d in Difcontent, and curfing Peace, 
Difbanded Red-Coats ftalk with folded Arms 5 
Here, the Mob’s Curfe, and changing Time’s Difeate, 
A Bevy of Difcarded States-men fwarms : 

There, Courtefans that have out-liv’d, Defires ; 


Here, Parafites, Projectors, begging Fryars. 
LX. 


Lazars, and Artifts here of ev'ry kind: 
3 y) 
Your whimfie-govern’d Virtuofo’s there 5 
Fidlers, a mighty Throng, with Heads inclin’d, 


Lif’nine at Ecchoes and imagin’d Air. 
a o C la 
JT 


24 Ibe Cave of Poverry. 


Of thofe, whom fqueamith Confcience aw'd,a few 5 
And from the flow’ry Paths of Int’reft drew. 
i LXL 
1 Far in the Gloom appears a diftant Crowd; 
Loft to-Diftin@ion in the thick’ned Shade 
But All of Such, as have Allegiance vow'd ; 

And willing Homage to the Regent paid: 
Sick of the hazy Vaults the Mufe up-fprings, 
And fpreads in purer Air her Silver Wings, 


Fegan akg haley & 


LXII. 
wpeets FT as the lew’ring Night prepar’d to drive 
AD; Her Chariot thro’ the Fields of dark’ned Atr, 
And the Declining Sun made hafte to dive 
His Golden Head beneath the Hemifphere : 
Pofting to Thetis? Arms, as Bards devife 5 


Or elfe to lend his Beams to other Skies. 


i LXIIl. 


26 The Cave of Poverty. 


LXIII. 


When warbling Birds their Ev’ning Songs began, 
When lowing’ Herds for Stalls the Paftures leave ; 
When, o’er his Cups, the wearied Artifan 
Sought from the Toils of Day a glad Reprieve ; 
When all the bufy Buz of Trade was done, 


And murnyring Merchants from Exchanges gone. 


LA EY. 


Confcious of Silence’s approaching Reign, 

he fubtle..Goddefs. o’er her Cavern’s Head 
Two brazen Tubes, whofe Hollows drank a-main 
Rach whittling Breath of Ambient Air, difplay’d ; 
As oft “tis feen, the narrow winding Lanes 


Draw in each Blaft that {weeps a-crofs the Plains, 
PAG 
So did thefe Pipes, by fome attradive Pow’r, 


(Secret of Nature, or her Hand-maid Art > 


In their long Necks colledted Sounds devour, 


Fhat from the Earth’s moft diftant Confires ftare : 


Which; 


Which, marching downward thro’. the Concave 
(Brafs, 


| Strait to the gloomy Regent’s Chamber pafs. 


LXVI. 


Were Make-bates, fond of propagating News ; 
Whofe Tongues were Organs of Eternal Strife 5 

| Thefe Sounds were thought their Murmurs to tranf- 
Phat lutleives behind. withfansofAirs vos 
Impell’d ’em to the Dufky Thorough-fare. 


: | LXVIIL. 


Br hither arriv'd, thofe Sounds, that in their Flight 
| Only, like Winds, groan’d thro’ the lab’ring Air, 
As thro’ the Tubes their March they expedite, 
/(Extravagance of Wonder to declare! ) 

Break into Words articulate and plain ; 


Coherent Words in one continued Strain. 


LXVIII. 


‘Thus Artificial Ecchoes catch the Sound, 


Re-wording, what we did at diftance fpeak 5 _ 
EK 2 Thus 


28 The Cave of Poverty. 


| Thus Accents in a Gall’ry travel round 
‘ The Crannied Walls, and as they travel, break 
Thro’ ev'ry Gap: In hoarfe, but louder, Tone 


Repeating what was in a Whifper blown. 
L XIX. 


Thus, thro’ the circling Eddies of the Brafs, 

The pregnant Murmurs winding re-obtain 

Their former Voice ; and, loud’ning as they pafs, 

Revive to Words, and their firft Charge explain : 
Conveying Speeches to the Regent’s Ear, 


Which footh her Pow’r,or which the loathsto hear. 
LXx 3 


But both the Tubes with diff’rent Leffons fraught, 
Unlike the Tongue that breathes a double Story 
Deceitful in its Office; One ftill brought 
The Air-deliver’d Record of her Glory ~ 
Soothing her with a Tale that feem’d to fhew 
How much Mankind did to her Empire owe. 
LXXI, 


The Cave of Poverty. 29 


LXXI. 


The Other, tho’ with plaintive Legends ftor’d 

Which curft her Pow’r and harfh Supremacy, 

Did to her Pride and Envy Food afford, 

While it confirm’d the Meafure of her Sway : 
What Thoufands, with her Iron Scepter bruis’d, 


In Anguifh her Inclémency a¢cus’d. 
LXXII. 


Thro’ the wafte Seafon of each live-long Night, 
To learn the breathing Hift’ry of her State, 
Th’ unfated Goddefs with renew’d Delight, 
Still as the Statue of Attention fat , 
Till Morn her Ruby-colour’d Portal op’d, 
And buftling Noife the lame Narration ftop’d. 


LXXITII. 


No balmy Slumber, clos’d her heavy Eyes, , 
No drouzy Interval her Sp’rit benumns ; 
No Inadvertence does her Soul furprize, 


No Lethargy her watchful Senfe o’ercomes : 


No 


30 The Cave of Poverty. 


No lazy Vapours of the Night prevail 
To rob her of the Time-beguiling Tale. 


LKXIV. 


Tntent, with fullen Majefty, the waits 
The undulating Sounds to entertain ; 
When firft a modeft Voice it felf dilates 
In Whifpers unexprefs, nor. fully plain ; 
And round the vocal Walls as gently roves, 


As infant Zephyrs figh in Myrtle Groves. 
LXXV. 


non the more couragious Accents {well, — 
Put on Diftin@ion, and in louder Tone, 
Like ‘diftant Thunders, bellow thro’ the Cell; 
Or Seas, that with approaching Tempefts groan : 
The Goddefs liftens at th’ inlarging Sounds, 


When thus the Voice from murm’ring Tube re- 


(bounds, 
LXXVI, 


Curfe on the envious Fate, that tyes me down 


To fervile Is my gen’rous Soul difda'rs ! 


Curfe 


The Cave of Poverty. 31 


The hated Shifts, which mighty Need conftrains ! 
O Comfort-killing State ! Heart-wounding Grief ! 


-  Curfe on the Shifts my needy Age has known ; 
O Sorrows that admit no kind Relief! 
LX XVII. 


Why am I fore’d to gtoari beneath a Weight, 
My bending and o’er-labour’d Strength would fain 


Throw off ? Why ftruggle with a wayward Fate ? 
And bootlefs heave againft Eternal Pain > 
Why may not Friendly Death come end my Smart, 
When, tir’d of Life, E court his Ebon Dart ? 


LXXVIII. 


O Poverty, thou Miftrefs too fevere! 
Striv’ft thouto break the thing,thou fhould’ft butbend? 
Thy Pow’r confefs’d, fhould make thee lefs auftere ; 
The Vidt’ry gain’d, thy Rage in Mercy end. 

Haft thow not got the Day, what would’ft thou moe? 


’ Fis barb’rous to infult a proftrate Foe. 


BXN TX. 


32 The Cave of Poverty. 


LXX IX. 


Behold, how ftrongly thou my Pride haft check’d ! 


Behold, how Friendfhip does afkaunce his Eye! 

How every Face is fcrued to Difrefpet ! 

How, like Infection, all my Commerce fly ! 
Ev'n as the Herd, fway’d by remorfelefs Fear, 


From his known Covert chafe the wounded Deer. 
LX XX. 


Behold, what bitter Cares my Peace annoy: ! 
How Want diftraéts, and Contumely wounds ! 
How fore Diftrefs Life’s Pleafure does deftroy ! 
How Plagues ingirt, and Mifery furrounds ! 
Bated on ev’ry fide, what Arts I ufe 
To *fcape the Mifchief, which too faft purfues ! 


LX AML 


Ev’n as the Dew-bedabled Lev’ret flies, 
Whom with full Scent the fiery Grey-hounds trace ; 
Who, with vain Subtlety, t? avoid Surprize, 


Confeunds their Smell ‘and doubles in her Race: 
Her 


The Cave of Poverty. 33 


Her Cunning ferving but her Fears to ftrengthen, 


Protract Difmay,and Danger’s Date out-lengthen, 
LXXXIL 
Thro” Thee, O rigid Queen of Phrafelef Woe! 
(Here previous Sighs prepare the fequent Sorrow,) >) 
Our unhufh’d Cares no gentle Requiem know, 
Nor foft Reprieve from Slumber’s Aidance borrow ? 


Like Difcontented Ghofts, in hideous Plight 
Teazing the dreadful Dead of dark Mid-night. 


Lex Sit. 


Nor when the hot and fiery-pointed Sun 

Has drunk the Morning’s Silver melting Dews 

Is the fad Term of our Affli@ions run, 

But with the varied Time Diftrefs renews : | 
Like grofs and hardy Sp’rits that dare out! {tay 


The Verge of Night, and brave the plaring Day. 
LX XXIV. 


Thro’ Thee, the half-ftarv’d Soldier fheaths in Arms 


His rugged Limbs, and in the Cifqve his Head ; 
| y Thro’ 


34: The: Cave.of Poverry. 


Thro’. Thee, fuftains the Foe-men’s ride Alarms 3 
The Toil’ of watching, and the Battle’s: Dread- 
Now, fcorching with the Sun that fealds his Brains 


Now, {iff with Ice,and drench’d with chillingRain. 
EXXXV. 


Thro’ Thee, the Sea-boy clinabs the giddy Maft, 
And hears the furious Winds around him roar ; 


Beholds the whiten’d Surge: nor ftands aghaft, 


—Whilft curling Billows lath the founding Shore: 


Whuilft black-fac’dClouds ride o’er the troubled Sky, 


And murm’ring Deeps proclaim the Lempeit nigh. 
EXXXVI. 


Thro’ Thee, full oft the fond Alexis moans, 

seeking the melancholly Cyprefs Grove, 

To {well the Lephyrs with his louder Groans, 

And talk to Solitude of haplefs Love ; 
Inviting Eccho’s pity-pleading Strains 


£ 


ko catch his Sorrows, and reward his Pains, 


LXXXVII, 


. Brand its fair Cheek, and keep true Worth difpriz’d > 


The Cave of Poverty. 35 


ULXXXVII. 


Thro’ Thee, neglected Merit hangs his Head, 
Confcious of Wrongs, and martyr'd with Difgrace ; 
Drooping, like forcelefs Flow’s when from their Bed 
The vig’rous Sun withdraws his warm Embrace: 
Or like the tender-hefted Swain, that dyes 
Debarr’d the Emibettcs of his Miftrefs’ Eyes, 


LX XXVIII 


O dull Ingratitude ! doft thou not fhame 
To let Defert be brow-beat, and defpis’d > 
To let Oppreflion with Contempt and- Blame 


To let it bear the Whips and Scorns of Time, 


Be {purn’d by Infolence, and deem’d a Crime ? 
LXXXIX, 
While profp’rous Vice, and worthlefs Folly climbs 
he Ladder of Ambition, Gat udy State! 


While Slaves, that owe theirGrandeur to theirCri mes, 


Are robed in Pow’r; and grow, by Flatt’ry, Great ; 


EF 4 White 


36 The Cave of PovERTy. 


While Sycophants, by Smiles and pleafing Lyes, 
Are huge’d at Courts, and to Préferment rife. 
5G 

While ev'ry little fneaking Art fueceeds ; 

While Knaves, by grofs cajoling, fwell their Store 5 
While hireling Perjury to Honour leads 5 

W hile Fraud is Merit, and while Wealth is Pow’r: 


While time-grac’d Villains bear unjuft Controul, 


At 1d i in the Sith Chariot haughty roul. 
tod si 


O mighty Gold! Thou Second Caufe of Fate! 
Thou blood-fought Blefling! Honour-purchas’d Prize! 


emt 


Thou precious Nourifher of fierce Debate ! 
Thou Idol of our Souls, and Joy of Eyes! 
Great Miftrefs of our Paflions! Price of Vows ! 


The gladded World thy rightful Sway allows. 
ACII. 
Blind G oddefs of Defires | Thou Bane of Woe! 


Bal m of Ania ion | Monarch of Content! 
-«  WNurfe 


The.Cave of Poverty. 37 


Nurfe of Repofe! Night-waking Sorrow’s Foe! 
Seas’ning of Health ! and Pleafure’s Inftrument ! 
Poffeffing Thee, the Tear-diftained Eye 


Forgets to weep, and puts on Gaiety ! 
XCIIL | 


Poffeffing Thee, uncouth Events are check’d 
Time’s Spite o’er-rul’d ; and Envy’s Edge rebated ; 
The Death of Parents made of flight Refpedt ; 
Diftrefs exil’d, and Dolour fubjugated : 
Poflefling Thee, heart-cafing Comfort reigns 5 


Age feels not its Decays ; nor Sicknefs, Pains. 
XCIV. 


But oh! ftern Poverty, where Thou prevaileft 
With full Command uncheck’d Affliction reigns 5 
Thou on thy Vaflals batelefs Woe entaileft, 
Still-growing Difcontent, and recent Pains: | 
’ “ (prize, 
And when foft Sleep would the rack’d Brain fur- 


Thy Spleen unlocks the flumber-clofing Eyes. 


a ee 
XCYV 
Lars ¥ 6 


38 The Cave of Poverty. 


ACV. 


i Thou break’it with Groans the Stillnefs of the Night, 

1 Thou doft the ruddy Cheek of Health apale : 

‘ When thou appear’ft, {car’d Pleafure takes its Flight; 

And grim Diftrefs, and furly Teen affail : 
Aw’d Gaiety retires ; a Gloom enfues 5 


And fable Sorrow fheds her baleful Dews. 


XCVI. 


Thro’ Thee, is ev’ry Accident of Fate 

With double Gall embitter’d; Thou do’ft {well 

Time's Spight, increafe fevere Oppreffion’s Weight, 

improve Diftrefs and Comfort’s Rays repell : 
Sending the Back with Age, while Youth remains; 


find giving Sicknefs and imagin’d Pains. 
ACVII. 


Thus when the Tube had to the Regent’s Ear 
Convey’d this’ Embafly of fierce Lament, 

Its Accents, lefs articulate and clear, 

Befpeak the Tide of Exclamations {pent ; 


And 


The Cave of Poyinty. 29 


And the faint Voice, with—gradual Decay, 
Melting to Whifpers fighs it felf away. 


XCVIII. 


The fullen Goddefs with malignant Smile, 
Like Gleams of Sun-fhine thro’ an Evening Show’r, 
Greets the Diftreffés of the Plaintive Style, 
Which fets to view the Mifchiefs of her Pow’r: 
And, counting the recited Scathe her Gain, 


Infults on Woe, and prides in giving Pain, 
XCIX, 


Mean while around the Walls frefh Murmurs creep 
Like Notes of foft-ton’d Flutes on Silver Thames : 
Like Philomel that fings the Night afleep, 
Or purling Sounds of gentle-gliding Streams. 

Agen the Goddefs with attentive Ear 


Liftens, th’ Applaufes of her Rule. to hear. 


C. 


For nought but Praife the Second Tube did found, 


(In Praife the triumph’d, ag fhe did in Pain ;) 


Th’ 


40 1 be Cave of POVERTY, 


Th’ Applaufes of her ealy Sway rebound . 

Thro’ the dark Vaults, in fhrill harmonious Strain = 
Proud of the Tale, fhe rears her haughty Creft 5 
When thus the warbling Brafs its Lays expreft. 


Gi. 
Hail! Miftrefs of Invention ! Nurfe of Art ! 
Thou real Blefling, tho” but rarely chofe ! 
Thou cultivat’ft the Genius, mend’ft the Heart, 
Quell’ft our vain Paflions, and prefcrib’ft Repofe ! 


Thro’ Thee, we into our own Souls defcend ; 


Thro’ Thee, agnize the Flatt’rer from the Friend! 
Cli. 


Thro’ Thee, we tafte the Sweets of early Morn 5 
Thro’ Thee, with honeft Labour, Health invite 5 
Thro’ Thee,the Monarch’s Board and Paftime {corn ; 
Content with homely Plenty, calm Delight : 
No Danger from Envenom’d Cups we fear, 


Nor cherifh Surfeits with too wanton Chear. 


Ci. 


The:Cave of Poverty. 4% 


CIIl. 


O Luxury, Thou Stranger to the Poor ! 
Thou fharp Difeafe of Wealth! Too treach’rous Fiend 
That, like the cous’ning Harlot, do’ft allure 
Lo: Pleafarés; whiclr in foul Diftemper end. 
Happy the Staté of Need, that *fcaping Thee 
Is fro the Train’ of Plagues thou nurfeft free. 
CIV. 
No racking Gout the poor Man’s Eafe dettroys 5 
No noxious Fumes from indigefted Food 
Give ‘him “Unreft'; nofickly Dream annoys 
His Night’; or Feavers fire his temp’rate Blood ¢ 


WithHealth,andEvenSoul(rareBleflings! )crown’d; 
His Foils are fprightly, and his Slumbers found. 


CV. 


O Gold, Poffeffion only feeming fair ! 
Thou Sun-engendred Plague, unlike thy Sire ! 
Treafure of Pain! What ever-during Care, 


What Doubts: what anxious Fears do’ft Thou infpire} 
G What 


42 The Cave of Poverty. 


What Crimeful Thoughts provoke, what Snares dez 


How miniftet to Theft, and foul Surprize ! (vile, 
CVI 


For Thee, the Robber’s facrilegious Hand 
Plundersthe Shrine ; For Thee, the Murth’rer ftaing 
Fis Arm and Soul with Blood; at thy Command 
Sudden Rebellion frights the. peaceful Plains ; 
Traitors, for Thee, in horrid Council fit ; 


And,{conc’d inNight,onKingdomsDownfalls meet, 
GVIE 


For Thee; cold Modefty throws off her Veil, 

Difdains the rofie Blufh and down-caft Eye ; 

Wilhful the liftens to the Lover’s Tale, 

And fans his Ardour with an. Am’rous Sigh 
Pernicious Gold, Thou Pois’ner of the Mind, 


: | How do’ft thou cherith Guilt in ev’ry kind > 
CVIIE 


But Innecence, and harmlefs Virtue; reigns, 


Where honeft active Poverty prefides 


fuftice 


The Cave of Povin ri 43 


Juftice its unmolefted Throne maintains, 

And Vice her ignominious Vifage hides: 
Pleafure, and unfufpecting Peace embrace ; 
And no bad Frauds prophane the blifsful Place. 


CIX, 


Tuduftrious Art and fkillful Labour’ thrive; 

Nature the Garb of gay Improvement wears ; 

Thence their fure Source the Means of Life derive, 

And kind Increafe rewards their toiling Cares. 
No griping Penury of Soul confpires 


To raife in Them unwarranted Defires, 
cx: 


Seat Me, ye courteous Pow’rs, O feat me there, 


Where Happinefs forbids all curft Debate ; 


Where proud Ambition never durft repair, (State : 
| : ae 

Or Thoughts of Grandeur, and wreck-threat’ning 
Where Pride,aud ftarch’d Precedenceare unknown, 


The Noife of Courts, or Wranglings of the Gown. 


G 2 Cx. 


44 The Gave of P ottnae 


‘ 


L apie sg 

i i There -let, the peaceful Dearn, and calm.Retreat, 

| / Teach; me sfuperfluous Pomp and Wealth.to {corn ! 

h Teach me the coftly Trifles to forget, 

Whieh vain Patrictans think their State adorn ; 
On gaudy, Fortune to look back. with :Pain.; 
And the cloud-kifling Palace, to’. difdain, . 


CUT. 


O BlifsfubLuife, » fequeftred from | Defire'’! 

O Station of Delight:! Great Gift of Heav’n, 

Where all, that Eafe and Decency require, 

From Tumult and Dependance free is giv’n: 
Where» fordid Avarice never racks the Brain, 


Nor Paflions {well the Breaft, nor Crimes prophane. 
CXAITII. 


Safety infhrines the Cottage and its Kitig ; 
Sly Serpents never chufe the; Grafs that’s low, 


Sure aiming Expectations always wing 


The Sons of Rapine to the goodlieft Show. 


On 


The Gave of PovErty. 45 


On o’ergrown Plenty Danger builds his Neft, 


Night-wand’ring Knaves ne'er break the Poor 
Man’s_ Reft. 


CX1Vv. 


' Secure he, traverfes the, lonely . Glade, 

| The wide-ftretch’d Foreft, and -miftruftful Wood, 
| Fearlefs of Violence, or Ambufcade ; 

The Ruffian feldom thirfts alone for Blood : 

But holds in likelihood his future Prey, 
Ber he-retard.the »Trav’ller in -his Way. 


CXV. 


O. Poverty, thou Theme of lafting Praife ! 
Thou Jewel, 4nd fair Wealth of Elder Times! 
How. did’ Thou ferve to high Renown to raife 
The Heroes of Old Rome, and Gracia’s Climes ? 
How did’ft Thou give the Purple Conful grace, 


When from the. Plough he rofe t’ Imperial 


46 The Cave of Poverty. 


CXVI. 


Fabritius {peaks thy Merit, Thou his Fame ; 
Whom Royal Promifes, nor Samnite Gold, 

| Could e’er corrupt, to blaft his glorious Name, 

- Or hated League with foul Difhonour hold : 
| Tho’ funk in State beneath Patrician fort, 


His Virtue could his Dignity fupport. 
CXVIT, 


Ha’ft thou not oft imparted Eloquence: 

‘ To the ftrong-pleading Orator’s Defcant > 

Ha'it thou not oft improv’d the Poet’s Senfe, 

Rais’d him to Fire, and made his Lays inchant > 
Bards oft to Thee, more than th® Mufes, owe 5 
Thou giv'ftthe Theme, and mak*ft the Numbers 

Clow, 
CXVIIL 

Thou ‘kindled’ft up the never-dying Flame, 

That ftill on Idum’s fhining Ruins feeds 5 | 

Thou lent’ft Pelides his recorded Fame, 


And threat’ning Diomede his Martial Deeds : 
| From 


The Cave of Poverty 47 


From thee, Laertes’ Son deriv’d his Toils - 
9 


His Foteign Contefts, and Domeftick Broils, 
CXIX. 


Théu taught’ the Tragick Heroes firft to sage, 
Striking with Dread the wonder-wounded Ear ; 
With ftrong diftrefs did’ft the full Soul engage; ~ 
Drowning in Grief the Jate-imparted Fear : 

Pity and Terror, with alternate Reign, 

Seizd evry Breaft, and fwell’d with varied 


Pain. 
CX X. 


O Goddefs, from the gloomy Shades recal 

Sonie noble Genius, thou did’ft erft infpire ; 

Or ftrike foiné Living Virtue with thy Thrall, 

And to thy Praifes tune his warbling Lyre; 
Then fhall thy Glories bloom, for ever gay, 
And thy Cave live, till Time itfelf decay. 


CXXL 


ee 


Se eS eee ee eee 


os 


IE eT ere prem a I ne a eens, 


43. Ehe sCave of P ova tt 


CXXI. 


Thus fpake the Tube: When lo! on Eaftern Cloud, 
That fullenly receiv’d. her early Light, 
The. chearful. Rofy-finger’d: Morning glow’d' = 
With: Bluthes,; like a rifled Maid, bedi¢ht:: 
Th’ Enamour’d Sun, holdiig the Nymph in Chale: 
Over her young Beauties fhed ‘redoubled Grace.” 


Fiuige 


Zi ea iN’ g = 


i Sa = 
LAN Fe ~ . We y, . 
he E (2): 


TREAD ER Scr oD RT AR. 


ap ercorrrereese 


