In which are interspers'd some

Accounts relating to Greece
aud I

8 without Temple-bar, 1717.

STRATONICE: |

Peinted for Jnas Browne at the Black Genn

— — — — — — äœP¶— —— — —L—t.f.ỹ —— —

d IT DIE FAT IAELE
E SAY e e As e

eee eee eee Se

PREFACE
) Could not think it pro-
7 5 65 2 per to thrull this 1

6 1 into the World, which
$Z/, revives a Tale of such
FE, without giving some
[preliminary Account of the Rea.
sons for which I wrote it, and of
the Reasons for which I think ic
may be read. The Story was first
Propos'd to Me by a Friend, with
some Sollicitations that I would
attempt to adapt it to our Exg

Stage: I did not wholly refuse
Ag this

Design; tho' I e judg'd :

W. The PREFACE.
this Task, but employd some |
Time on the considering the Subject;
and at last remember'd that
7. Corneille had wrote a Tragi (medy
under the Title of Antiochus: The

Play is in it; Nature entirely Tragical;

but it has been the Fashion ?
of some French Criticks and Poets
to Call that Tragi- Comedy, where,

tho' the Subject be Tragical, the
Catastrophe is happy: 57 this fort

of Criticism, | am sure at least
Eight of Euripides's Plays mult lose |
the Name of Tragedies. j

Upon a Perufal of the French
Scenes, I found such a Fund of

Passion in them, that I thought |
they might happily be turn'd to

Account in the Prosecution of my

that

The PREFACE, v.

that the Passion would much better

be tasted in a Narrative, than
in a Representation: For on the
Stage, if the Distress be not active

as well as strong, and the Subject

upon one Passion, the Scenes
oon obsery'd to flag and appear
dull. I therefore chose to make

it rather a History than a Drama;
and J had a Mind besides to exercise
my Hand a little in Prose : For

too frequent a Conversation with
Verse, and a Neglect of Prose, ge-

.þ, nerally gives a Man a Shuffle in his
Style, like That of a Horse who
has just begun to pace, and is nor
broke co it.

This is all that I have to say as to

the Reasons for which I wrote it;
and I design not to be much mote

A 3 copious

vi. The PREFACE,

copious as to Those for which J
think it may be read. *Tisa very
just Remaik of a late ingenious
Writer, to which J am proud to
subscribe my own Opinion, that
Let the Book be what it will, the Authur's

Justifications or Encomuums of,

it, like the prating Trader's Commendation
of his own ares, (which he
wou'd recommend to the World) rather
pipe (ustome ra Suspicin ef their real
Value, than are Inpuations to the taking
them off of their Hands.

It will, however, be no mean A-
pology for my Performance, to let
my Readers know that the Story
treated of in this Book, has not esca-

Mr. Wycherley's Preface 10 his Poems.

— _ - a 2 N - 2
A Kot — 1

The PREFACE, vii.
ped the Pens of Galen, + Appiam

Plutarch, * Lucian, + Julian, || Val.
Maximus, and others, of no little
1 Character for Letters. The last
of these Writers, whom J mention'd,
has propos d it as one of

the molt extraordinary Examples

of Paternal Tenderness that is on
1 Record : And Plutarch and Appian
1 seem to applaud Seleucus for this
1 one Action more than for all his
Atchievements in War, or most
! signal Victories. A celebrated“
# Auchor, who was to give a Painter
a Subject for a Hiltory Piece,
propos d to him the remarkable Incident
between Alexander the Great

g * Iser Tegurdoxey. + In Svriacis, || In De-
3 metijii Yea, In Dea Syia. f In Milopogone,

in lib. 5. 6. To * The Iatler.

vii. The PREFACE.
and his Physitian : In which the
Prince drinks up a Potion, which
he has the strongest Reason to suspect
was Poyson ; and the Phitian
reads a Letter wherein he is accus

d of having taken a Pribe to

destroy his Prince. It must be
confess'd the Passions arising from

theseextraordinary Circumstances,

would require a Masterly Brain to

conceive and Pencil to express. 1
believe, if I were to propose this

Incident between Seleucus and Autiochus,

it would colt the Painter as

much Skill and Knowledge to do it

Justice. It would be very hard to
represent the Conflict of Passions

that ought to appear on either Side:

The Generosity and Pleasure of an j

Indulgent Father, who resigns a

Young |

The PREFACE, ix.

Young and Beauteous Queen to
save his Son's Life, mix'd with that
Concern which mult necessarily attend
the Resignation of such a
Trealure : Ando on the other Hand,
the Shame and filial Piety of a Son,
who had languish'd almost to
Death with the "Conceal ment of his
Passion, to rob his Father of a Wife
whom he so tendei ly loud, mix'd
with that tacit Joy which the receiving
a Blessing, in which his own
Life was treasur'd up, mult as necessarily
inspite.

do not know whether 1 live
not some Excuse to make for the
Word HISTORY in my Title-

Page, since, tho the Ground- work
of the Story, the giving Stratonice in

Marriage to Aztiochus,bea real Fact,

x. The PRE FAC E.

the Means and Method of this Action
suffer here some Variation, and are
embellich'd with Incidents, which I
cannot affirm, o he so strictly true. The
whole Current of Historians is against
my Conduct of the S ry in one Point:
They all agree th ir 5 leucus was actually
married to Srraivnice ;, and * some
go surther, and inform us, that he had
a Son by ner. The Reader will soon
see the liinovation that I have made in
this Respect: And must be the Judge
whether my Reasons for so doing are
{ufficienr, It was no new thing among
the old Heathens either wholly to put
awayetheir Wives, or to bestow them
on their Friends. Instances of both are
frequent in the Greek and Roman Authors.
The System of Christianity

has banish'd this Custom from our European

World, and I doubt not but our

Notions of it are alter'd with our Religion.

In this Trad therefore, which

X Plutarch.

The PREFACE. xi.

I propos'd as a Novel rather than History,
accounted my self a Master of
my Story; and have ventur'd, with
1 Corneille, to make Seleucus only on the
Point of Marriage when he resign'd his
Bride, that should have been, to his Son.
I desire the French Poet's Excuse may
be taken for mine. L'Usage de nos
4 Mzeurs n'a point souffert, que Jaye suivi
Pexafe Verite de Þ Histoire dans le Mariage
effectif qui etoĩt deja entre lui G-
Stratonice avant cb'il la cedat d son
Fils : mais st je semble avoir affoibli par
112 ce quun si extraordinaire Effort lui
1 a fait acquerir de Gloire, du moins Ceux
ui n'ont quwune mediocre Ferveur pour
le Sacrement, n'auront point 4 m' oppo
1 ser 550 la Resolution de se defaire de
sa Femme west pas la Matiere d'un

grand Triomphe. |
> As I have borrow'd- this Author's

Excuse, so I have transplanted the greatest
part of his Sentiments, as well as

4 Incidents, occasionally into my Fable.
Of the First my Language almost thro'-

WJ "0... out

Xil The PREFACE,
out will be an Evidence ; of the Latter,
the Affair betwixt Tigranes and
Arsinoe, and the Exchange of that Princess's
Picture for Stratonice's, which
the Poet has made the Means of dis-
1 covering Antiochus's Passion. By this
Fiction it was imposlible for the Tragedian
to introduce what the Story furnish'd
with Relation to Frasistratus <-
But I have been so just to History as to
give it a place, tho* I have not made it
Instrumental in the Discovery. |
As to the Fpisodic Parts, which are
purely Invention, if they cannot please
of Themselves they are worth no Excuse;
and if they can, they need none.
As to the History, which 1 have mix'd, }
it is neither so foreign to the Story, |
nor so tedious in its Recital, as to regquire
an Apology, And, lastly, as to
my Digressions in Geography, I shall *
rely on Curiosity for supporting Them:
Since Many do not segyple to go a little
dodut of their Way, but to have a distant
Prospect of a Town that is new to
Them. 1 HE

by m7 — 4 —— EM 6 —
ww % ²˙ w dy © _» w

Gd Os

The. LOVES of

ANTIOCHUS,

ISTRATONICE.

Sz OW was the City of Antioch
DIS all Joy and Pleasure; the rude
Cares of War, which used to
warm the Breast of the Martial
$Selcucus, were extinguish'd by the more
active Fires of Love; and no Preparations
were going forward in Syria, but what
were for the Celebration of her Mognarch's
Nuptials, and to congratulate the
Arrival of the blooming Stratonice.
7 B. 29 The

2 The Loves of

The Match which State-policy on the
cone side propos d, was embrac'd from an
Amorous Inclination on the other; and
Demetrius, who saw the Powerful Charms
of his Daughter, and knew how easily |
Seleccim kindled at the Attractions of Beauty,
consented to throw her into the Arms
of that Aged Monarch, and repair the
Injuries of his own declining Fortune by
the firm Alliance of so potent a Neighbour, *

Of all the Successors of the Victorious
Alexander, who divided the Conquer'd |
Warld at his Death, none were so Power- 7
Ful as these Two Princes; they seem'd to
inherit the Soul of that Monarch, and,
unsatisfied with the bounds prescrib'd to
their Merit, both grasp'd at universal Em-
Hire. The Kingdom of Macedon was too
narrow for Demetrius, and nothing less |
than the Conquest of alL4/;za could content
the Ambition of Seleucus. The former had
from his Infant Years been inur'd to Arms;
and, when he was but just arriv'd at Man-
Hood, was sent to put a Stop to the Suecesses
of Egyptian Prolomy, an old harden d ,
Soldier, who had been train'd up under j.

che Discipline of Alerander, and to whole |
ws ah Sword

Sword Victory herself seem'd a Slave:
The latter was not of a less Martial Dispo-
1 fition, nor less exercis d in the rugged
Trade of War: And Venerable Time
gives such a Sanction to Superstition, thac
we may say the Fates bespoke his Gran-
7 deur, and Omens and Presages mark'd
out his future Royalty. For tis recorded
of this Prince, that his Mother Laodice,
being married to Antiochm an eminent
Commander under Philip of Macedon,
dream'd she was honour'd with the Em-
# braces of Apollo; and growing with Child,
as an Assurance of his Favour, that she
had receiv'd a Ring from the Deity, on
the Jewel whereof was an Anchor ingrav'd;
with this Command, to give it to
the Child which she should be deliver'd
of: What made this Dream consider'd of
the more Importance was, that a Ring
with that very Impression was the next
Morning found in the Bed; and the In-
fant, when born, had the apparent Mark
of an Anchor on his Thigh. There is
another Story that has been handed down,
and seems recommended by a greater
Appearance of Truth. Seleucap, having

attended Alexander in his Expedition

into Afa, when that Prince returning

B 2 from

& | The Loves of

From the Indie, embarqued on the Eu- ©
ꝓbrates to go visit the Marshes of Babylon,
with intent to make Channels to water
the Champion of Syria; his Diadem, by a a
zuft of Wind, was whirl'd off from his
Head, and lodg'd on a heap of Reeds
which grew near the Sepulchre of an An-
<icent King; (for it was the Custom of the
Ancients to erect their Monuments on
the Banks of Rivers, and on the Sides of |
Hills at distance from their Cities: ) Se-
Jeucus immediately plung'd into the River,
and swimming to the Reeds recover'd the
Diadem, which he clap'd on his o W-w n
Head, and brought back dry to Alexander.
Time soon after better explain'd the My?
Mery' of this Presage, than the South- :
Ayers durst; who only advised that the

Bearer should be put to Death: But it
it was not long e'er Alexander dy'd at Ba-
$ylon, and Seleucus succeeded to the great- ?
est part of his Empire. Let it suffice for
the History of this Monarch's Reign, that
he let slip no Opportunity of Augmenting
his Glory, or extending his Dominions
pursuing his Conquests with indefatigable
Ardor, till all the Lands from
the Confines of Phrygia to the River Indus,
were under his Obedience. 1

Some

Antiochus and Stratonice. #F

Some Historians, I know, have reported

that the Marriage with the fair Stratonice

was first mov'd to her Father by
Selencus ; and that he sent Embasladors to

treat with him on that Aﬀaic ; but I am.
rather of Opinion, as I have above
hinted, that the Alliance was coveted on
the part of Demetrius. Be that, as it will;
It is certain. Seleucus had but one Heir by

the Persiin Apamia, his first Wife, whom

he call'd Articchus: And that he stood
possess d of so many spacious Territories,
as might well satisfy the Ambition of
more than one Successor.

Never was Son more respectful to a

Father, than Antiocbus; never was Father
more affectionate to a Son, than Seleucus.
Indeed the Prince had Endowments
which demanded Love and Veneration ;

the Eyes and Hearts of all Syria were
+ on him; and lu was» the ge

of Respect. and Desire. He
wherein Majesty and good Nature were

al Object

dA Taese

agreeably mingled ; a Form and Grace-

> fulness of Shape and Air, which made

the Neighbouring Queens sigh for such a

1 Consort; an Affability, which endeard-.

B 3 him

6 The Loves off

him to the Courtiers; and a sprightly
Fierceness which made him ador'd by the
Soldiers, Him, when the Propositions
for the Marriage were settled, did Seleucus
send to the Court of Macedonia to
conduct the bright Stratonice from the
Embraces of a Father to those of a Husband:
To lead her from her Virgin
Apartments in the Palace of Demetrius,
to Hymen and a Throne in that of
Seleucus. 1

The expected Day of their Arrival
was at hand, and every thing in Antioch
testified the Love they bore their Monarch,

and the Joy with which they receiv'd

his future Queen. His Subjects
press'd from the remotest parts of Syria to
the Solemnity ; and Media, Bactria and

Persis sent ont Numbers, impatient to

compliment the Young Beauty, the Re-.

port of whose Charms had pass'd the
n hegte, MN penetrated to Caucasus and

nhospicable Scytbia. Nor was Seleucus
backward in testifying the Grandeur of
a Monarch, or Respect of a Lover: His
Forces, richly accoutred made Lanes for
their Passage, the Embassadors from all

the Kingdoms he had subdued, met them

Antiochus aud Stratonice. 7

at Orossus, and fell in with their Train;
and the Wives and Daughters of all his
Satrapæ were seated beneath the Threshold
of Jupiters Temple, . and attended the
approach of the Pomp to the Palace.

j The Skies resounded with the Acclamations

of the Populace, when Anticchus
and Stratonice appear'd aloft in their open
Chariot, drawa by Milk-white Steeds,
that seem'd prouder of their fair Charge,
than of the costly Trappings of Persian
Arras which hung down to their Heels,
3 Incense was burnt ail the way before
them; and such Rites perform'd, as if
7 for the Reception of the God of War,
and Goddess of Beauty: Some praised

the Grace and Majesty of the Prince;

? others the Sweetness, yet aweful Charms
of the Lady; but all concluded her fitter
to bless the Bed of Antiachus than

his Aged Father.

> Soon as the Prince alighted at the
Palace, the King's Favourite Tigranes
receiv'd him; and the fair Arsinoe, the
Niece of the Monarch, approach'd and
+; wellcom'd the fairer Stratonice, When
they came to the Presence, Seleucus gave

a vigorous Spring from the Throne, and
B 4 with

9 The Loves of

with Tears of transport fell on the Neck
of his darling Son; with Thousand Expressions
of paternal Fondness congra- |
tulating his Return, and thanking him
for the lovely Partner of his Travels.
Twas observ'd that the Prince turn'd
Pale at those last Words, and saw with
Confusion and Uneasiness the Welcomes
which Seleucus paid to the adorable Stratonice
Tigranes who perceivd Antiochus
change Colour, and little suspeted the

rising Indisposition proceeded from any

secret Emotion of the Mind, ask'd his
Highness if he were not well. The
Prince striving to recover his Disorder,
but in vain; with redoubled Confusion, |
confess'd on the sudden he was seiz d
with an Illness, which he attributed to -

the Violence of the Peoples Shonting,
and the Fatigue of his Journey ; therefore
begg'd he might have leave to retire,
and a little Repose would set him right,
The King, who thought the Prince o erlabour'd

with the Hurry of the Day,

was as earnest to dismiss him from the
Tumults of that Night's Joy, and chose
much rather to dispense with his Absence,
than endanger his Health by a

complimental stay. We

ox eo” £4 a > Sens af

Scon as Antiochus was retir'd, the jo-
{vial old Monarch encourag'd the Com-
7 pany not to be wanting to themselves in
2 Pleasures, orought that might contribute.
to express their Satisfaction at what he
accounted a Cause for Triumph. The.
Bowles were immediately Crown'd with.
? generous Wines, the Tables cover'd with.
the choicest Dainties, and the sprightly
2 Trumpets sounded a Charge to Mirth and
Jollity. Tigranes ever officious to please:
his Royal Master, was not wanting on.
this Occasion to surprize him with an En-
7 tertainment, which was a grateful Piece
of Flattery to his intended Queen: He
had prepar'd a splendid Masque, in which
the Poetry, Musick, Dress and Machinery
seem'd to contend for Mastery, all
were so exquilitely Elegant and Perfect.
It began with the descending of a large
Purple Clond, which, at a certain Pe-
7 riod of the Musick bursting asunder, dis-
2 clos'd a bright Transparent Heaven where
4 the Gods, in Robes that seem'd studded
wich Stars, sat in full Assembly ; all consulting
to shower down Blessings on the
Nuptials of Seleucm, and contribute a
N B 5 Thou-

10 The Loves of

Thousand Divine Graces to the blooming
Stratonice.

The King was so pleas'd with this unexpected
Piece of Art, that he pluck'd a
rich Jewel from his Finger, and throwing
it into a massy Golden Goblet presented
it to Tipranes: And Stratonice, who
thought herself oblig'd to reward where
the King had set her a President, drew a
glittering Bracelet from her snowy Arm,
and with a blushing Modesty reaching o-
ver to Tipranes, beg d it might for the future
grace the Arm of that Virgin, who held
bis Heart bound In richer Fetters. The transported
Favourite made a low Obeisance,
and with Eyes full of Passion glancing on
Arsinoe, told the Queen, that rho he was
Fe d to Death in his Choice, yet he 2would not
in her Presence presume to dispose of her Fa-
wours, Arsince, who knew the Present *
was destin'd hers, glow'd with the Satisfaction
cf being Mistress of so valuable a
Treasure, is

Selcucus, mean while, amidst all his
Enjoyments, anxious for the Welfare of bis
Darling Son, sent to enquire concerning:
the Prince; and was soon inform'd, that

Anticchus and Stratonice. 11
he was retir'd to Rest, and that his Pages

had the strictest Orders given them, that
he might not be disturb'd. The King,

with an Air of Satisfaction at the News,

turn'd to his Charming Mistress, and told
her, that in the Morning, be hop'd, she might

expect the Welcomes of ber Fellow-Traveller,
The lovely Cheeks of Stratonice were in

an Instant cover'd with Blushes, and her
> Heart flutter'd so at the mention of the

Prince, that she struggled long with her
Confusion e'er she could recover to answer
the King: At length with a Smile

and easy Sweetness, My Lord, says she,
my. Welcomes seem so full already, that I can
hardly conceive any thing can add to them; yet
I thought the Prince displeas d at my Arri-
wal, Syria would yield me but slender Satitfadtion
: 1 should suspe& I was come an Invader

of his Rights, to divide with him his Father's

Aﬀedtions, which his filial Tenderness could
not but be jealous of : Or perhaps that I should
lessen the Regards which the People cannot but
pda to so much Merit. The old Monarch ea-
gerly grasping her Hand, reply'd, Tb:

Prince is too generous, Madam, to fear a Rival

in Stratonice: Nor can the tender Passion
her Charms inspire, interfere with the Affetion
of an indulgent Father, Believe me,
thou

12 The Loves off

Fhou Fairest of thy Sex, Antiochus will joy
in your Arrival, and my Happiness : Will a-
dore you as his Queen, reverence you as his
Mother, and prize you as the Treasure of bis ©
Father's Heart. But why am I lavish in the ©
Praises of the Youth © Demetrius's Court, ns
doubt, has been-a Witness to his Virtues : Your
self, Madam, are no Stranger to his Respcct
and Carriage; but must perceive that his Eyes
and Soul confess you with Homage.

All the while the King was speaking,
Stratonice (at as in Pain and Disorder ; sometimes
the lively Red forsook her Cheeks,
as if the Blood were retir'd to convey 2
Message to her Bosom ; and the next
Moment it tumultuously return'd, as if
her Heart was alarm'd at the Tidings, -
and a Civil War was begun within. KA
glowing Pleasure trickled thro her Veins
at every mention of the Prince; his Mien,
his Virtues, and awful Address to her
crowded up her Thoughts; his Image
dwelt in her Imagination, and the Repetition
of his Praises was Musick to her

Ears; her whole Attention was engag'd
by Antiochus, and every Accent that brea- 2
thed his Name was swell'd with Harmony!
But then; the King —- the old, the

8 destin'd

7 destin'd Husband !---- The bare Thought
of him was Discord to her Soul: His
7 Courtesy and Addresses were insipid and
7 tiresome, and she started with Horror
at his future Embraces, |

Tigranes who saw some little uneasiness

in the Queen, of which he much less di-
27 vin'd the Cause ; and who perceiv'd like-
? wise that his old Master, doubly transported

with Wine and Beauty, began in immoderate
Talk to betray the Infirmity of

Age, in humble Terms address'd him
thus: Might I presume to advise, most Royal

Sir, the wasted Tapers seem to counsel our Da-
parture, and our Pleasures begin to be too largely

Borrowers on the Night : Silence and Re-

1 pose are the Triumpbs of ber Empire, and in
breaking them we invade her Prerogative,

The fair Stratonice, no doubt, may secretly

wish to be repriev d from Ceremony: The Compliments

of a Court are at best but treublesome;
and the Fatignes of a Tourney, and publick Entrance

are no weak Invitations to Rest, But

pardon me, Sir, that while 1 am taking Care

1 for my Royal Mistress, my officicus Concern

breaks in upon your Happiness, and aims at
rebbing you. of those beautecus Eyes, in gazing
an which, Pleasure is renew'd, and time glides

awe y

14 The Loves of

away insensibly, The King with Trans- *
port and Satisfaction dancing in his Aged
Eyes rose up and reply'd, that Tigranes, %
had oblig'd him extreamly with his Care
of the Queen; and that however precious
her Company was to him, yet he would
not indulge his own Pleasure to the prejudice
of her Health, or hazard of making
her uneasy.

The Train of Courtiers immediately. a-
rose, and perceiving that now their Absence
might be dispens'd with, made their
parting Compliments, and retir'd : Arfinde,
who had conducted Stratonice into
the Palace, was now to renew her Office
of Attendance, and wait upon her to her
private Apartment: The King having
kils'd her fair Hand, and wish'd her a

Repose sweet as her own Innocence,
threw his Arms over Tigranes, and, supported
by him, withdrew to his Apartment.

The Prince in the mean time, whose
Breast was too full of Love and Despair *
to admit of Repose, whose Eyes no balmy
Slumbers could weigh down, and
whose Cares were heighten'd by ung 3

and Solitude, retir'd backward out of his
d Lodgings into a Grove, whose ample
„ Shade was compos d of spreading Poplars,
e and tall Aspins. The Silver Moon, now
us got up to the middle of the Heaven, dard
Fred her trembling Light through the
Trees, the quivering Leaves rustled with
the Zephyrs that visited the Grove, the
I Nighting-gales warbled out their Mour-
ning Melody, and the Waters of the Canals
ran pleasantly murmuring down the
— falls of Artificial Rocks. The Prince
ir threw himself along on the Grass, and
with Sighs that seem'd to heave his Bosom
like an Earthquake, to the Winds,
to the Waters, and the silent Night complain'd
of the inevitable Kigour of his
Fate. Follow (said he) the Counsel which
Honour dittates ; and fly from these unfortunate
Regions, or rather from thy Life, Ungrateful
Antiochus ! T. dye is the least theu cans
do, to redeem thee from the Disgrace f thy
Fortune, Can that Exile, which thy Melan-
co:ly would prescribe, render thee ence more
Master of thy revilted Senses? Or dest thin
2 fondly think that thou shalt Iss feel the Ar-
7 dour of thy Flame, and by change of Place ef
Feta Change of thy Passion and Aﬀettions ?
0b, no! Thy Heart in vain attempts to coni

8 © &@ YH Pq © 1

. — 1 LY | Sp

16 The Loves of

quer its Weakness: Then art destin'd to Love,
and love thou must eternally ; tho' Reason and
Resolution offer to succour thee, the stubbern,
cherish d Distemper will not be depot d. Yet
must not Thou accuse thy self of Baseness, of
Pride, Ambition, Insolence, and Treachery 2
To make the Queen the Object of thy Vows !
To adore Stratonice, and violate the Faith of
a Son to his Father, of Subject to bis King !
Ir she not by Contract, by Consent bis Wife?
And to discard the Flame so vainly nourish'd,
thou, alas! wait to see her surrender her
Hand? Refledt, reflect with borror on the *
secret Murmurs, which Nature whispers to
thy frantitk Vows ; and think thy Love a.
fronts both Gods and Men, Yet whilst I see
her Charms my Love's augmented and my
Pains redoubled. The Beauties of her Form,
and Graces of her Mind strike me with Pleasure
and Surprize : A Thousand Subjects for
my esteem grow on every View, bear down my
Reason, and enhance my Crime: I yield, I
surrender to the powerful Attractions; and act
in Combination against my Sense and Duty, ©
Still I must Love! — Necessity commands |
me: But let me Love in Silence, Drop in
Despair, and give my Passion no Tongue.
will be Banish d from her fatal Beauties; and |
end. at once my Love and Days in Exile: There |

Set n
a. A199 "i — 1 S ö Pp Cn WM 0 wii a _— hal 4s os

my last Sighs breath'd out for thee, O Stratonice,
shall finish the Injustice of so Criminal
a Flame; and the Concealment of my Passion
shall justify my Faith.

Thus did he breath out his Sorrows to
the Night, sighing as if his Soul would
issue out with his Complaints: Sometimes
would he pause, and lie silent on
the Earth, as if his Griefs had robb'd
him of his Being: Sometimes would he
3 raise himself from the Ground, in all the
Agonies of Despair and Passion. But the
Clouds that began to blush with the Approach
of the Morning, now summon'd
him back to mourn in his Apartment.
He knew well the Tenderness of the
King would prompt him early to enquire
of his Health; and he in return
was too fond of his Father to affli& his
Age with the Knowledge of those Griefs,
which whilst conceal'd, prey'd only on
$ himself, j

T . Pim os Me. aw. Th. 8

Sofa ono oa —

Scarce was he retir'd from the Grove
to his Chamber, but, as he suspeRed, a
3 Messenger was sent from the King: The
Page who attended gently open'd the
Door, as fearing to awake the 1

18 The Loves of

from his Slumber; but he, whose Sorrows
had kept him all Night waking,
soon eas'd his Servant of the Cate he
was under. Philotas, lays he, your Entrance
has not disturb'd me: I can easily guess at the
Reason of your Approach: The King does ever
prevent me in my Duty; tell me, how does
my Royal Father ? The Page advancing to
the Prince's Bed-side, replies, My gracious
Lord, the King commends him to you: Nor
will the Impatience of hu Love suffer him
to rest, till he is convine d jour Highness is
in Health. Go bear, says Antiochus, my.
Duty to the King ; tell bim, I am preparing
to throw myself at hu Feet, and expect bu
Commands; nor can be be so willing to demand
my Presence, as I to offer up my Service
to him. The Page with a Bow withdrew
from his Bed, and the Prince arose to go
to the King. |

The Antichambers were cronded in
Expectation of his Appearance: Numbers
throng'd to make their Addresses to
him, and as many press'd to deliver him
Petitions, He pass d through the bending
Croud to the Presence, with a Brow
which confess'd an inward Discontent,

even while he forc'd himself to an exte-
rior

rior form of Courtesie. Many who were
acquainted with his usual Vigour and

Sprightliness, were at a loss to interpret
the present Gloom which hung on his
Aspect; and as Subjects will always be
guefling at their Prince's thoughts, some
concluded his Father's Match distasted
him ; and that he fear'd the Aged Monarch
was surrendring up himself to the
subtle Conduct of a Woman who charm'd
him: Others, that he grew jealous of
Tigranes's Power, and thought his Interest
too prevailing with the King; but none
could devine that Stratonice's Beauty was
the Cause of his Melancholy: All wish'd
the Redress of his Cares in their Power,
and curs'd the unknown Occasion of his
Sorrows. Fame, that is ever for meddling
with Misfortunes, was not remiss. in acquainting
Seleucm with the Prince's Grief ;
and the Sorrow which before was so evident
on the Son's Forehead, now lay
with Weight on the Heart of the Father..

Soon as Antiochas appear'd before him
and knelt at his Feet, the King rais'd him
up to his Embraces; and with the strictest
Eye of enquiring Kindness perused
his whole Face, to see if he could *

N the

20 The Loves of

the reported Discontent. The Prince.

who saw the King's Eyes rivetted upon.
him, blush'd with the Surprise, and endeavour'd
to throw all the Chearfulness
into his Face, which at that Instant he. _
could be Master of. But forc'd Smiles,

and dissembled Mirth are a Mask which” +

can conceal the Sentiments only from
superficial Observers : Seleucem was too
strongly alarm'd with the Report of his
Melancholy, to trust such slender Shews
of Satisfaction, or believe that all was
calm in his Son's Bosom , because his
Brow was smooth and serene ; the One
however was too artful to discover that
he saw, what the Other took such Pains
to disguise ; and therefore diverting his
Observations to indifferent Discourse, he
Question'd his Son concerning Macedon,
and the Treatment he met with in that
Court. My Lord (lays Antiochms) could 1
have dislik'd the Climate, yet my Reception
with the People would have bound me in Honour
to report favourably of their Country.
They seem d to welcome me not as the Son
of a Courted Ally, but as. an immediate Heir.
to their. own. Dominions. Demetrius could
searce out-do bus Subjects in their Caresses ;,
and when I return d, they seem d to mourn.

wy Departure equally with that of the Fair
N The King, during all the
while Antiocbus spoke, glow'd with a secret
Pleasure at his Son's Treatment, and
the Approbation his Merits had found a-
broad. When Tigranes, who both lov'd
the Prince, and always studied to heighten
the satisfaction of his Old Master,
reply'd to Seleucus; My Lord, I do not mean
to disparage the Civilities of Greece, when
1 affirm that the most barbarous Nations muss
confess the Prince's Virtues, Such Superior
Merit, like the Influence of the Sun, must be
felt by al; tho all have not the like Address
of Adoration. Tigranes, says Antiochus,
I thought you had lou'd me too well to
put me to the Pain of so certain a Blush : Ti
the Merit of Friendship secretly to admire ;
+ the Talent of Flattery openly to commend :
\# Remember, my Friend, we have been Brothers
in the Field, where Action speaks the Chara-
Ger of a Soldier, and Verbal Praise # an upbraiding
of Virtue. I shall be proud to meet
"8 your Love in an Embrace, but spare me the
\ 3 suspitions Ceremony of a Panegyrick, The
Prince spoke the concluding Words with
1 such an Air of Sweetness, as sufficiencly
f \convinc'd Tigranes, that tho' he diflik'd

— * — —ä— LES * . *
F * 8 "EI Q 4 . = * 1 — 1
Ie W 3

22 The Loves of

the Complement, he was fully reconcil'd
£0 the Person who offer'd it : On which
the Favourite bow'd with the lowest Respect,
and was preparing to assure the
Prince he would not repeat his Offence
for the Future, but was interrupted in his
Speech by the sudden Approach of Stratonice
and his Mistress. 1

The King, immediately seizing the
Hand of his bright Charmer, led her towards
the Prince and told him; Antiochus,
I have engag'd for you to this Lady,
that she shall be sure of receiving your Welcomes
to Antioch, The Prince scaroe gave
the King leave to speak, e re bending
Knee, and kifling her fair Hand, he reply'd
Madam, I hope you needed net the
Solemnity of an Engagement to assure you of
my Welcomes : The whole Service of my Life
shall testify bow much I honour my Queen,
and joy in the Choice of my Royal Father.
F Antiochus has Eyes that must be blind to
your Beauties, yet I may be bold to discern
other Perfetions, which must every where
command a Welcome for Stratonice. The
Prince spoke this in such Languishing
Accents, as seem'd in some measure to

interpret the Mystery of his Passion ;

Srance of so unseasonable a Disorder, But parand

as he rais'd himself from the Ground
and lifted his wishing Eyes, in that instant
he met hers as fully fix d on him:
A rising Blush was suffus d over both their

Faces, their Hearts flutter'd conscious of

the Joy, and mutual Transports thrill'd
through their Veins, even while they
both were Ignorant of each others Palsion.
But, oh! how severely were these
transitory Raptures check'd by Reflection,
when he considers her as the destin d Wife
of Seleucus, she him as a Son and not a
Lover. Cruelty of Remembrance! ----
What would they have given to have been

F Fit to Thought? Or how did they curse
- 4x Benefit of Nature, which now serv'd

only to wound them with AfMiiction ? ----
Stratonice however dissembling the inward
Emotion of her Soul, with a settled Serenity
of Countenance reply'd to the
Prince, My Lord, you'll permit me to hope
that Repose has conquer d that Indisposition,
which robb'd the Court last Night of the Pleasure
of your Society. I must accuse the fatality
of my Arrival, if it has so ill an influence on
the Health of Antiochus. Madam, replies
the Prince, I confess you justly reprove my Indisposition,
and 1 must blush at the Remem-

24 The Loves of

Aon it, -as the Error of a wayward Constitution;
and believe that I will struggle hard
with Infirmity to contribute to the Satisfattion
{, my Royal Father, or to testify the Respect 1
shall bear to his admir d Stratonice.

The Prince had no sooner spoke these
Words, than the Image of Love was a-
gain renew'd in both their Bosoms; fresh
meeting Glances produc'd fresh Blushes,
and a new Toil arose upon them to reulate
their mutual and involuntary Conusion.
Antiochus who had no other
means of interpreting for Stratonice than
by the Emotions which he felt in himself,
could not see her Disorder without a
secret Pleasure, and a Wish chat it might
spring from the same Cause of Paflion,
But what could those flattering Conceits
avail 2 Duty and Honour oppos'd his
Pretensions; the concealment of his Love
was the fix'd Resolution of his Soul, and
he intended that his Death alone should
unravel the Secret.

Seleucus, whose Breast was still anxious
on account of his Son's reported Melancholy,

often obsery'd the Manner —

ęGã ĩ A Ts :

Deportment; and the Prince who waz
a5 much on his Guard to prevent Observation,
and found his Father's Eye upon
Him, with a stol'n Sigh turn'd from Stratonice,
and mov'd as to address the Princels
Arsinoe. Occasion ministred luckily
to his Design, and prepar'd an easie opening
to his Discourle ; for he beheld the
Bracelet glittering on her Arm, which
he had once remember'd on the Arm of
Stratonice, (and which the Queen but the
Night before had given to Tigranes, and

7 . Tigranes presented to the Princess; ) I

Fair Cosin, said he, I perceive you wear t

Trophies of Love; and even your Triumph
speaks the Bounty of your Lover: These Fewels,
like the Bright Eyes of her that wears
them, sparkle with an uncommen Lustre. I
tar, jou re growing Cruel, gentle Ci sia 3
where Nature bas been so bountiful in dispensing
of Charms, the Additions of Art and
Ornament are insulting on your Conquests.
My Lord, reply'd Arsince to the Prince
with a Smile, 1 fear more the Court of Macedon
bas infected you with Flattery ; 1
bave so poor a Stock of Beauty to boast of,
that Art and Ornament are thrown away in
Improvement of it, But — She was proceeding,
when * hastily interrupting

26 The Loves of

pting her, Nay, Princess, said he, u ungratitude
to the Gods to disown their Bounty ; ©
and it will be calling the Fudęment of my |
Friend in Question, to suffer you to discredit
your own Form, Tigranes bas piercing Eyes
at discerning Beauty, and a Heart that kinales
at its Attrations when found, I'll appeal
to bim to clear Me of Flattery, Your
Highness, Teply'd She, may perhaps have
pick d out a partial Evidence, and I mu
object to his Decision of the Question; Tigranes
knows bis Duty too well to speak in
Contracdiction to his Prince; and has too
emnuch of the Courtier in bim not to complement
a Lady's Beauty: Your whole Sex
are vers d in the Vanity of curs, and it tis
but decent Policy to strike in with our Weakmesi.
The Lover would maße bit weak Impressions
en the Heart of his Mistress, if he
bad not some fine things to say of ber Charms; _
F he did not make her a Goddess in Per-

Fection; compare her Eyes to Stars, and her
Neck to polishd Toory ; and tell ber a Thousand
Cupids bask'd in her Smiles, and the
Graces wanton d in her Air and Motion.
My Lord Antiochus, is not this the reignins
Method of Addresses? Are not we to be
Betray d to Love by the fond Insinuation- of
aur own flatter d Power ; and inveigled * |

of our Hearts and Liberties, by believing
s 7 little artful, but agreeable, Falsities ®
Madam, says the Prince, I am so little
acquainted with the Artifices of that Pasa
sim, that I am as improper @ Fudge in this
Question, as you supposd Tigranes a partial
one in the other; but I am [o fully convinc d
of the Honour which ought to be used in these
Cases, that I look upon all little Compliances
D Dissimulation to be below the Dignity of
our Sex and Nature, For own. part, I
believe were I reducd to the cruel Neces=
sity of being in Love, so much I abhor the
Fashionable Notion of Insincerity, that my
Eyes and Actions shuuld speak more fervent
Passon than I would give my Tongue the
Liberty of Disclosing. Wards are at best but
the Shadows of Things ; and the strongest
Elegance can but faintly express the Tenderness
of which the Heert is capable. Our
Sentiments may be too fine for Language to
reach; and our Imaginations swell above the
Compass of Elocution. May not a Sigh be
more expressive, than the most perswasiue Exclamations
? I can but think I should conceive
my [elf a feeble Lover, to stand indebted to
the awkard Rhetorick of my Tongue fer 4
Declaration. f Passion : But I have declar'd
wy self a Novice in the Seience; and there-

28 Type Loves of
fore may have declaim'd upon Principles of
Error. |

Straͤtonice was all Attention while Antiochas
spoke ; She was too sensible of
the Truth of the Prince's Sentiments,
and her lovely Bosom was heav'd with
Sighs, to hear her own Notions so justdecypher'd,
Nor was She alone affected
with the Description ; the Prince
{poke with that force and knowledge of
bis Subject, and varied his Air and Accent
so feelingly to every Phrase, that
Tigranes and Arsinoe view'd each other
with. Surprise, and the Old King himself
did not scruple to declare, that

Love. |

Hghcful Topick, had not his Discourse

been discontinued by the ' Interruption of

Company : The Ladies resorted to the
Palace in Troops, to pay their early
Leve to their future Queen; which oblig
d Stratonice and the Princess to retire

to receive their Court. Arsinoe, as sne

withdrew, acquainted the Prince that she
Thould take the Freedom, at à proper o-
waa, by 7 | casion,

po, . * ww « — 2 ton
» PAST I,
. 2 x Phot Wag ©
ws te OO TS — 5 :

Antioch had touch'd the very Soul of ;

He had perhaps enlarg'd on the Def

casion, to reply to part of his Highnelss's
Discourse ; and Antiochws promis d that

he would readily enter the Lists with ,
1 Her in Defence of his Opinion, so she.
f would not too much take the Advantage

of his Ignorance.

But Stratonice wichdrew with an Air
of pensive Sadness; her poor Heart labouring
with the strong Impressions of
a a hopeless Passion, How gladly would
she have chose to decline the Addresses .
cf officious Ceremony; how gladly have
banish'd the Thoughts of dreaded Royalty;
and have retic'd to Solitude and
given a Vent to her Sorrows! How
would she have been pleas d with an
Opportunity of Complaining of the Rigour
of her Stars; of accusing Destiny x
for shewing her the Godlike Antiochas,
and then dooming her to the abhorr'd
Embraces of the wither'd Seleucxs ! Scarce
could she. bear up against the Shock of
such Reflections; scarce prevent the
gushing Tears from disclosing her An-
guish: Now she flatter'd herself with an
> imaginary Scene of Transport ; fancied
Antioc has kneeling at her Feet, and
breathing Vows of Eternal Love; fan-

C 3 cied

. 3 WWW ST FF WW

30 | The Loves of
cied the Father had given him to her
Arms, and bless'd her hopes with unutcerable
Pleasures; Now again a horrid
Train of Imaginations chase away the
fleeting Ideas of Delight: She sees herself
adorn'd in the Imperial Pageantry ; sees
her ador'd Prince snatch'd from her Embraces,
and dying with Agonies of Despait
and Disappointment ; fees the Flames
of the Altar mounting, and hears herself
summon'd to surrender her Charms to
the detested Power of the Syrian Tyrant,
There all her Courage sinks ; her Resolution
fails; and her Senses are almost
growing wild with the Terror!

Ev'n as when Clouds interpose betwixt
our Earth and the Sun, and robs us of the
glorions Luftre of his Beams, the chearful
Day is overcast, and Nature all around
looks Sick and Melancholy ; so when
Stratonice had left the Presence, the Prince
no more retain'd his Gatety, but was coverd
with an instant Gloom of Sorrow.
His Eyes now look d heavy and languid,
and were bent downward as if he sought
her in the Earth; his Arms were folded
and his Motion fix'd, as if Life had forsaken

his Body, or his Soul was retir'd to
a Council

y wn $I «
ISR D A ee LO AF
„ 8 7 y E w A 1 1
bogs” -. wt 15 (on a II * 3

Council with his Thoughts. When the
King spoke to him he started as at some
dreadful Summons, to which he was but
ill prepar'd for an Answer ; so strongly
were all his Powers engag'd wichin, so
wholly employ'd on a single Object.

It was impossible for Seleucm not to perceive
this sudden Transformation in the
Prince; and he was distracted in his
Thoughts berwixt a desire of knowing,
and a fear of enquiring what shouid be
ies Cause, He was not certain but it
might heighten his Son's Disquietude, to
know that he observ'd it; and that Doubt
put a Restraint on his Curiosity.

Whilst the King stood irresolutely debating
with himself, Embassadors from several
of the conquer'd Provinces of Asia
came to make their Court to him; and
each had his Mules and Camels laden:
with-the richest Products of his Country,,
to present to their Conqueror, The.
young Cappadocian Prince, Ariobarxanes,
who was-a zealous Admirer of Antiochuss
Virtues, brought him Eight gallant Steeds
of War, with Reins and Curbs of Masly
Gold, and their whole Accoutrements so

G4. rich

30 The Loves of
cied the Father had given him to her
Arms, and bless'd her hopes with unutcerable
Pleasures; Now again a horrid
Train of Imaginations chase away the
fleeting 14cas of Delight: She sees herself
adorn'd in the Imperial Pageantry ; sees
her ador'd Prince snatch'd from her Embraces,
and dying with Agonies of Despait
and Disappointment; sees the Flames
of the Altar mounting, and hears herself
summon'd to surrender her Charms to
the detested Power of the Syrian Tyrant.
There all her Courage sinks; her Resolution
fails; and her Senses are almost
growing wild with the Terror!

Ev'n as when Clouds interpose betwixt
our Earth and the Sun, and robs us of the
glorions Lustre of his Beams, the chearful
Day is overcast, and Nature all around
looks Sick and Melancholy ; so when
Stratonice had left the Presence, the Prince
no more retain'd his Gatety, but was cover'd
with an instant Gloom of Sorrow.
His Eyes now look d heavy and languid,
and were bent downward as if he sought
her in the Earth; his Arms were folded
and his Motion fix'd, as if Life had forsaken

his Body, or his Soul was retir'd to
Council

SD. OA A. Pu —

y . E T — t ——

Council with his Thoughts. When the
King spoke to him he started as at some
dreadful Summons, to which he was but
ill prepar'd for an Answer ; so strongly
were all his Powers engag'd within, 10
wholly employ'd on a single Object.

It was impossible for Seleucm not to perceive
this sudden Transformation in the
Prince; and he was distracted in his
Thoughts berwixt a desire of knowing,
and a fear of enquiring what should be
its Cause, He was not certain but it
might heighten his Son's Disquietude, to
know that he observ'd it; and that Doubt
put a Restraint on his Curiosity.

Whilst the King stood irresolutely debating
with himself, Embassadors from several
of the conquer d Provinces of Asia
came to make their Court to him; and
each had his Mules and Camels laden
with the richest Products of his Country,
to present to their Conqueror. The
young Cappadocian Prince, Ariobarxanes,
Who was à zealous Admirer of Antiochuss
Virtues, brought him Eight gallant Steeds
of War, with Reins and Curbs of Massy
Gold, and their whole Accoutrements so

C4. rich

32 The Loves of
rich and magnificent, that they suited the
Royalty both of the Giver, and of him
who was to receive them. This Present
happily gave an Occasion to Antiochus to
retire from the Presence, on the just Pre-
rence of viewing his New Horses ; and
the King was nct displeas'd to dismiss him,
as hoping the Sight would be a Diversion
to his Melancholly.

But the stubborn Malady had taken too
deep a Roct in his Bosom to suffer any
Objects or Ideas of Pleasure to flifle its
Growth; he receiv'd indeed the Present
from Ari:harzanes as a Testimony of his
Friendship, express'd his Obligations with
wonted Courtesie, and beggd he might
have leave to make such Returns as might
report him not willing to be guilty of Ingratitude,
He endeavour'd however, as
soon as Civility and good Manners would
permit him, to shake off the Society of

the Young Cappadocian, and retire to feed
on his Sorrows in Private.

The whole Court every Day grew
more and more alarm'd at his encreasing
Melancholly ; it was observ'd he carefully
declind appearing in Publick a 3

stain'd from Hunting and all usual Diverfions;
and so fell off from his Food and
Appetite, that he scarce eat enough to
sustain Nature. He was no more that
active vigorous Antiacbus, who was wont
to awake the Morn with his Sports, to
seek the raging Tyger in her Den, and
course her over the Mountains ; who was
wont to grapple with the Lyons of the
Woods, and transfix the foaming Boar
with his Javelings. Now Desolate and
Pensive, Drooping and Unactive, he shun'd
the Noble Companions of his Youth, and
indulg'd himself in Solitude and the closest
Retirement. |

The Preparations were now compleated,
and the Day fix'd for the Royal Nuptials;
the good old King, tho' impatient:
of enjoying the expected Bliss, was not a
little anxious for his darling: Antiochus 3.
and that he might do on his part whats
ever he could to remove the Prince's Sor--
rows, he resolv'd that the same day which
was a Witness of his own Happiness,
Fiould likewise see his Son's encreasing
> Glory: He told Tigranes he meant to-
Crown Antiochus King of Phenicia : And!
Tigranes was employ'd to inform the Prince
1 Cy of

Er Ep ds

* 22 1 + * 4a A #2 ; p
< "tg 4%: wet ht a th. RJ

34 The Loves of

of his Father's intended Favour : The old
Monarch, to make it still a Day of more
general Pleasure, promis'd his Favourite
he would then surrender his Niece to his
Arms; and that the same Hour which put
him in possession of Stratonice, should bless
Tigranes with his ador'd Arsinoe.

Tigranes Was too full of the Joy of his
Errand, to delay the Delivery of it ; he
knelt at his old Masters Feet, express'd
his Gratitude in the most moving Terms
his Transports could inspire, and beg'd
he might have leave immediately to wait
on the Prince, and acquaint him with
the purpose of his Royal Pleasure. The

King, unwilling to interrupt his Satisfaction,
permitted him to depart; and

he having made the lowest 1 |

flew directly to the Apartments o
Antiochms. |

He found the Prince retir'd into the
Grove, and spread on the Grass under
the Trunk of a Poplar, leaning his Head
on his Arm which supported it, and
bending his languid Eyes to the Earth.
Tigranes justly began to fear his News
would meet with but a faint Reception

from

A TS 5

Anticchus and Stratonice. 35

from the Disposition in which he saw.

0 bs Redo. $0 tx. z 4 *
* * * 9 n . A £ * K

the Prince; yet hop'd the Royal Gift
would be a Charm against his Sorrows,
and the Business of his Imperial Charge
prevent Melancholy from harbouring in
his Bosom : As he approach'd, Antiochus
lifted up his Eyes, and raised himself
from the Earth to meet him. I it Inclination,
says he to Tigrancs, or some Message
from my Royal Father which has directed
my Friend to seek me in this Seat of Solitude?
Say, am I beholding to choice or command

For this kind Visitation? My Lord, replies

The Prince wich all his Severity could

Tigranes, I might fear my Duty would be too
presumptuous to press on your Retirements, only
to be Impertinent ; and yet my Country would
applaud that Impertinence, if it contributed
to heal their Prince's Sorrows : Alas! My
Lord, methinks this rural Scene is fitter for
some Rigid Philoscpher, than the Heir of

Syria Diadem. These Groves have semething

of Wildness and Desolation in them, too
pensive for Youth and Reyalty to converse with.
Have these Prospects charms that can come in
Competition with the Beauties of a Court?
The Ladies must accuse you, my Prince, fer
preferring Solitude and wither d Trees to
their Bloom and sprightly Conversation,

36 The Loves of ö
not refrain from smiling at Tigranes
Words, but immediately resumd the
Gravity of his Air and reply'd; Believe a
me, Tigranes, I could grow grey beneath 1
these venerable Shades : Solitude and Contemplation
are what my Soul sighs after; and
the Tumults of a Court and bustling Forma=
lities of Grandeur are grown Anxiou and ©
Uneasie to me. Here I can converse with
Nature and my. own Thoughts, and dwell
on Ideas perfect and uninterrupted; can see,
as on a safe Shore, the many Rocks on which
the World are split, the Wrecks which Passion
and Follies create; can reflect on the Disquierudes
of Power and Ambition, and wrap my
self round with a grateful Obscurity ? —
But Princes, says Tigranes, by their Birth
and Stations are debarr d from that Obscurity,
which Persons of a meaner Rank are priviledg'd
to enjoy. They are Born for the World,
as well as Themselves, and the Repose of
Nations hangs on their Direction. The Regal
cares, my Lord, must now summon you
from Solitude; your Subjects will demand
your Presence and Protection; and invest you
with their Safeties, when you put on their
Diadem. The Prince fix d his Eyes
steadfastly on Tigranes, and with Amazement
on his Brow seem'd to demand

a mM 5 10 * * * x of; 4 = N ex
— * n 5 af. We” „ .
— 4 Ay 3 bf- #- A 1 1 : 2

— en CR

— vas * 1 * „ .

** 4 Nays 20. NR oy NE, 5

an Explanation of his Words; when
he oblerving the surprize of Antiochus
proceeded to inform him that the King
his Father had purpos'd to create him
Monarch of Phenicia, that he meant to
ease the Remainder of his Age by this
Partition of his Dominions, and put a
Sceptre in the Hands of his darling Son,
to approve the Confidence he put in his
Wisdom, as well asto speak his Paternal
Fondness. And now (lays Tigranes,
kneeling and embracing the Knees of
the Prince) my Lord, permit your Faithful
Servant to congratulate your Promotion and
acknowledge you his Sovereign: And oh! Be
kind to your expecting Subjects, call forth
the Royal Virtues that are lodg d in your
Bosom, and be a worthy King. Dispel this

fatal Gloom which hangs upon your Spirits,

and exert your Martial Fires and wonted
Vigour, Your secret Sorrows hang like a
Weight upon the Royal Selencus, and bow
bim more than Age. Spare him the Afflifion
of your further Sorrows: and ease the whole
Land by reassuming your Gaiety : Let mit 4
clouded Brow prophane the Pomp of your Inauguration,
or damp the Toys of my Masters
Nuptials. Let your Serenity testify yur
Approbation of his Stratonice, and tbat you

accept

38 The Loves of |
accept the Royalty with the same Pleasure
which he confers it, *

Antiochus with the greatest Courtesie.
raising Tigranes from the Ground, fix'd”
his Eyes upon him in a Languishing

manner, and reply'd thus: In vain do
you press me to give way to such an Enticement:
The offer of such a Remedy à to redouble
my Misfortune, and to believe it the
effect of a light and trivial Distress, if the

dazling Appearance of a Crown can disposess

it. Tho Royalty and Empires have. Charms
for the most Brave and Virtuom, tis my
pleasure to seq, the Diadem sparkle on my Father's
Head ; and never yet did my Ambition
soar so High, as to wish for this great Partition
of Power which his Goodness would
allot me, Tell me, Tigranes, with what
Forehead can I take upon me the Administration
of Kingdoms, who have not yet learnt
10 govern my self ; what a ridiculous Thirst
would it be in me after the Title of a King,
to assume that Dominion over others, which
J cannot boast of over my own Actions! No,
no, my Friend; never have 1 yet been so
eager of independant Grandeur : And tho
my Rank and Birth give me Assurance of

the future Throne, yet I can live content
Without

THER N BY 3
SIE 5-4 SS r

* 1 . - 1 8 of * "

2 by * 1 wo "IO OP e A 2 Sea SCA <4. af id -
ACA of on Io EARN Rr ASCE:

without a Crown. The Prince ended

with a Sigh, which left Tigranes still as
distant as before from guessing at his
Sorrows ; who nevertheless reply'd ; My
Lord, the whole Realms of Syria acknowledge
with what advantage an absolute Virtue
[ways your Courage; and you have given
a too certain Proofs of your Loyalty, to sus=
pect in you a Prince of Ambition : But the
King who i led by an impatient Desire to
make the great Day of hu Marriage the most

splendid one of his Life, will see his Wishes
imperfect and disappointed, if marrying Stra-
tonice he does not Crown Antiochus. The
excess of his Love for that adorable Princess

pushes him to exert all the Magnificence of a
Monarch; and he thinks be but poorly seconds
the Glory of his Choice, if he does not place
Her on the Throne betwixt two Kings, Permit
us then, my Lord, to see that Day shine
with the Pomp of such glorious Nuptials, and
that your Coronation may augment the Splendor

of so many Preparations as are to signalize
this Greatness.

The Splendor that would attend it, says
Antiochus, has nothing in it dazling to me:
I know that Seleucus adores Stratonice ;
that be lives but in ber; and that never Love

40 The Loves of 9
was more interested in the Pomp of a Nup= ©
tial Ceremony. But whilst he devotes to bern
so pure an Ardor, this generous Goodness to
2 Con is an Injury to ber, By this division
of bis Empire, he robs her of the right of
extending the Glory of her Commands to me:
Therefore, my dear Tigranes, Honour require.
me to refuse the proffer d Crown, and put a
Bar to that unjust Proposition which in Crown=
ing me would rob them both of a Subject.
My Lord, says Tigranes, when my Royal
Master has put Phenicia under your Dominion,
be is still Monarch of all Syria: And
in this Gift which confesses his assurance in
your Highness, he heightens his Gliry in
assuring to himself the Homage of a King,
Then if my Prince can find himself capable
of refusing these Honours, we cannot but
charge it on the Extremity of that Chagrine
which hangs on your Soul, Too long has
2 gloomy Heaviness in your Eyes betray d the ©
secret Anguish of your Heart : In vain have
we labour d to abate your Sorrows: Solitude
is the only Bliss you prize ; and all the Diversions
and Pleasures of the Court have given
you nought but Pain and Unezrsiness.
The whole City languishes and stands confounded
to see this fatal Alteration. —
He was proceeding to talk when the

Ari be teri ans

2 3 2 „ Ks . 4 + 1 8 _

Prince threw his Arms about him, and

sighing on his Bosom; Alas! said he,

gloomy Sickness comes upon me with such
weight that it bears down my Reason, and
oppresses every Sense. In vain have I summon'd
my Resolution to resist it, I feel it recoil
upon me with double Fury, and still am

1 my Tigranes, I am my self confounded: The

more at a loss to know its cause, It must

be Destiny; some envious Stars oer-rule

my Fortunes, or else the Gods are angry!

H, my Lord, says Tigranes, can you”
impute it to the malignity of the Stars ! Or —
The Prince immediately interrupted

him; Ns, my Tigranes, believe my pre-

sent silence as 4 Proof of it; If 1 did languish

with any secret Sorrow, could I till
now have kept it a Secret from you? From
you, whose Friendship bas ever been so wear
to me, that there is nothing which mine could
possibly conceal from you! Are not the
State and I indebted to you for this wery Life,
which was preserud by you? My Royal
Lord, replies Tigranes bowing, it is too
much to reproach me with my feeble Services,
when to you alone I owe that the fair Arsinoe
will bear ber Servant sigh: I loud
ber, but my Reason condemning the Ambition
of my bold Desires, made me in Respect

42 The Loves of

to stifle my presumptuous Flame. The Prin-
cess Rank, as Niece to my Royal Mister,
and Daughter to bus princely Brother, forc'd
me to smother my passion in Silence. Till
you, my Lord, authoriz.d my Addresses ;
inform d ber of my Passion, and open d me
a Path to Happiness. The greatest Exploits
which my Zeal could conceive would still
be below the. Reward my King designs me.
But my Lord, if, when I am indebted to
Jeu for all, I might be permitted to complain,
I could tell you that this gloomy Distress of
yours suspends my good Fortane, and is am ©
Obfacle to my Glory. For Seleucus, whose
fond Soul this rigorous accident alarms, if
jou are not contented refuses to be happy; ©
and as the same propitious Day which was
to place Stratonice on the Throne, was to
assure my Bliss in the Possession of Arsinoe ;
my ardent Desires in wain presume to hasten
it, when your Inquietudes seem to withstand
it, Believe me, Tigranes, my dejefted
Soul, replies the Prince, surrenders it
self wholly to the Distress which kills me:
My Suffirings are encreast in that the Happiness
of the King depends alone on that Marriage,
which- he defers on my Account. But
since his Gocdnesi gives him (uch Uneasiness, |
go and address bim from me: Prevail, * 0

bim to consent to my Retreat: Perhaps a
Month or Two's Retirement will restore me
3? that Repose which I have lost in the Court. Its
Pomp is troublesome to me; and my Inquictude
pants after Solitude to calm its Trans-
ports. Tha is a Blessing, my Friend, which
our Solicitations may obtain for me.
At these Words of the Prince Tigranes
started with surprize; and Parden me,
says he, my Lord; must J endeavour at.
Banishing you from Court? Nay, my Tigranes,
hear me, replies the Prince: The
voluntary Exile which my Melancholy im-
poses alone can calm the Pains which it gives
me: Here every thing afflifls me; and the
trouble which I am in finds an Apgravation
3 of Sorrow in the Happiness of others: My
Heart, whatever cares I employ, spite of my
self repells all Subject of Foy; I languish,
I sigh, and yet know not wherefore ; go,
3 find the King, my Tigranes; I conjure yen
3 find him; and by my Retirement press the
3 -happy gloriou Solemnity, to which I here
am the only Bar: Tigranes was again preparing
to interpose his Objections, when
the Prince proceeded, Nothing, my Friend,
can alter my Resolution ; tit for my Service,
that you are to speak; and can you fear the
Resentments of a King whose Favour is your
Prote-

— ts. + oe

44 The Loves of

Protection? If my friendship bave any weight
with you, deny me not: 1 am deaf to all
Perswasions that would attempt to stagger
me in my design ; therefore let your Complience
testify your Love, and let your kindness
for me add Zeal to your Intercession.
Tigranes could no longer resist the Princes
Importunities, but told him that,
however unwilling he was to undertake
the Errant which he knew would displease,
he would not be accus'd of Disobedience
to his Prince. Ay Lord,
says he, the Height of my Ambition is to
pleasure you, and your Highnesss desires
must be the Rule of my Conduct. I Il speak
to the King, tho sure of a repulse : Hur
Presence I know, is of that Moment to his
Happiness, that the thoughts of your Retirement
will be an insupportable Afiittion to
bim. He had no sooner utter'd these
Words, but bowing low to Antiochus
he withdrew from the Grove thro' the
Prince's Lodgings, and went directly
to find Seleucus.

After Tigranes's Departure the Prince
with folded Arms and pensive Countenance
return'd to his chosen Amusement
of Solitude; he had not taken

many

many Turns in the Grove, oer he was
surpriz d to see the charming Stratonice
attended only by her favourite Phenissa
breaking on his Walks: His Heart
was fill'd with Pleasure at the Sight of
her, but he stood divided betwixt Joy
and Confusion. He fear'd he should
be reproach'd with his Solitude, and
perhaps examin'd as to the Cause of his
Melancholy : Her Reproaches he was
sure he could not bear, and the cause
of his Melancholy he durst not disclose
to her. He was determining in himself
to seem as if he had not seen her, and
by striking out into a different Path to
avoid her Presence. But she, taking
care to prevent his Design, made hast
to approach him; and turn'd directly
into the Parterre which led her to him :
Antiochus found himself oblig'd now to
retract his Intentions, and fixing his
Eyes on the Princess bow'd, and hastned
his Pace to meet her. When she approach'd
him, Ay Lord, says she, I fear
1 press on your Retirement; what has Stratonice
done to Antiochus to make bim
avoid her? Madam, reply d the Prince,
you may pardon it in him who would avoid

himself, if be could; but tis the cruel Dis-
5 appoints

46 The Loves of

appointment of my Misfortune, that tho I
labour to lose my self, Thought and Reflection
still bring me back, and double my Asfflictions.
If it be a Pain to you to find your self, |
says Stratonice, why don't you resolve to do
yourself Fustice? And however th Melancholy
may win upon the Senses, it should be your
Comfort that you cannot lose yourself. It is |
thro' that Consideration, replies the Prince,
that my Reason redoubles its Alarms, the
habitual Gloom makes me find Charms in
it; and I hold it best never to suffer my |
self to be cur d of what, spite of my self, 1
find gives me Pleasure, If you find Pleasure |
in it, my Lord, lays Stratonice, you have
less to complain of than they to whom its Rigor
gives fears on your Account, and robs their
Bosoms of that Repose it leaves you to enjoy,
Alas] replies the Prince with a smile
to Stratonice, is it then Happiness to be
pleas d at cur Sufferings* Is a Misfortune
no longer such if it flatters in Appearance,
and because it grows dear to us does it lose
its Violence? Believe me, Madam, is
Strokes are more piercing, when to surprize
the Soul it abuses the Senses: and scarce
can we embrace a voluntary Distress, but
some imperious Star fixes it on us 4 Neeeffity:.
And forces our | Hearts, seduc d 5
Wan | Its

this Treachery, to refuse all the Succours
which our Reason proffers. The Charms
of such a Sorrow, replies the Princess, in
Fawour of which the Heart opposes the Reason,
are much stronger in the Cause than their
Effects: The Applications for a Remedy must
be address d to that Head, and the Cause being
perfectly known cught to be explain d. The
King too senfebly partakes your Sorrows,
not to make all the Eff.rts possible towards
Removing them. There I am
wounded anew, says Antiochus, his Concern
hangs on my Soul with @ fresh Addition
of Sorrow. But since it is the Unbappiness
of my Fate, that my Melancholy is

heighten'd by the Splendor of the Court, I

think for some little time it will be an ease
to him to suffer my Retirement to some Place
of Solitude: It is a Request which I have
this Day made to him, and towards gaining
his Consent wouchsafe, Madam, to Second
me in it: By your Intercessions, I may be
assur'd of Succeeding ; and, by my Absence,
restore my Royal Father to that Repose which
be now wants from the Knowledge of my
Uneasiness. How! Prince, replies Stratonice,
exalting her Voice, am not 1
then to suspect that this conceal'd Disturbance
of your Mind carries some Envy

48 The Loves of

in it of my Glory; and that some
Emotion of Tealousie in your Breast,
mow that I am call'd to the Throne,
What say you, Madam? — replies the
Prince interrupting her, with an Air
of Concern; O spare me the Pain of such
enkind Suspitions; Tust Heaven, answer
for the Truth, and Earnestness of my Desires
Let me be perjurd, if I would not
joy to see you Mistress of the World: If
there be any Worth in the Scepter which
Seleucus would put into my Hand, I throw
it at your Feet, So far is the Lustre of
Jour Promotion from giving me a Distaste,
that it is my Ambition to adore you, to
see and serve you as my Queen. I account
Jou alone worthy of the Royaliy; and, to enhance
your Glory But, Gods! Whither
am I going? My Lord, says the Princess,
you have some Reason to leave it unfinis d;
it may be a means of augmenting your
Trouble, to let your Civility engage you to
say too much. The Prince turnd pale
at this Reply of Stratonice; he was
tos conscious to himself of not deserdieß
the Resentment it seem'd to exprels,
and with a languishing Look
which seem'd to say his Heart was
pierced with her. Cruelty, Madam,

said

said he, why will you wound me with the
Rigour of such a Reproach* My Tongue
has utter d nothing but what my Heart
consents to: The daxling Store of Virtues
and Beauty jou stand possess 4 of, — But
pardon me for touching on that Theme ——
Madam, the King is too much alarmd at
my Unhbappiness; may I not hope you will
propose. my Retirement? May I not bope,

you will obtain it for me? Prince, replies

Stratonice, 1 am to mount the Throne, and
will you abandon. me ! Is this to enhance

Glory, to fly being a Witnessof it“ — A
Madam, says Antiochus immediately, did
you but know all the secret of my Fate;
durst, 1 but disclose the convincing Reasons :
But adieu ! My Queen, adien ! In the trouble
which I am , all that T can do is to

think, to fly, and be silent! |

While the Prince was uttering these
last. Words, his Face was cover'd with
Blushes, and his whole Behaviour confelsd
a Confusion; . he had no sooner

pronounc'd them, but bending almost

to the Earth with Respect, he hastily
retir'd from Stratonice: Nor had she, who
perceiv'd some, mysterious Passion contain
g in hi: meaning, * Power to recal

— ——Pꝙp HB EG

—— —EUA— to ORB Ae A IC Id CIA

50 The Loves of
him; however her Heart was anxious,
and panted for a better Explanation,

No sooner was the Prince withdrawn,
but. Phenisa, who had attended
Stratonice at some small distance, had
observ'd the Prince's Looks and De-
portment, and overheard a great Part
of their Discourse, came up to her Lady. |
This favourite Attendant was not a a
Stranger to the Priviledge she might
take; and knew that if her Sentiments
were not approv'd, yet at least they
would not displease: An Assurance
like this was sufficient to make her in-
dulge a Woman's Curiosity, . and sound
her Milstress's Breast for the same Secret,
which . she suspected she had found in
the Prince. Madam, said she, as she approach'd
the Queen, either I am extreamly
deceived... in m Guess, or Antiochus fudies
to conceal a Distress, the Vehemency of which
is lodg d in bis Soul. TWhile he was Aiscoursing
you, his Eyes full of Regard and Awe,
whenever they met yours, were turn d a ;
bis Glances were languishing, soln, and Fall
of the bigheft Disorder, | Might' L presume.
to explain my, seif., I would. 12 „e bade,
Jo: Aud that bung Julfer'd biff

„ „ 1 hoes bas |

ps w Lis 1

LS I» 1

to be charmd by such flrong Attractions
— How! reply d the Queen interrupting
her, in a Tone which seem'd
to betray some Pleasure in the Discovery,
do you believe, Phenissa, be may love Me?
Madam, I fear to say too much, says Phenissa
again, but if I must conceal nothing
of my thoughts, I believe he may, and
not displease yow in his Passion: The
Air in which you speak, and the Accent
of your Words confess no great Resentments.
The Queen, with something of
Surprize and Confusion, catching her
by the Hand, Phenis/a, says she, dos
know what thou hast said ! —— Madam,
replies she, with a Smile; but what did
your Highness say to me? What may not a
Scul like mine, says the Queen, astonish'd,
and dejected, be guilty of saying ? Like mine,
who see Death the Consequence of my Obedience,
and yet who, redoubling the Efforts
of Duty , would suffer « Thousand. Deaths
rather than betray it! Yes, my Phenisla ;.
the King shall have his Wish : Seleucus
receiv'd my Faith in my Fathers Court;
by that, I am vis Wife, and in vain my
Misfortune makes my Constancy shrink at surrendring
him my hand. Why was it net

surrendred then, alas { when the Reasons of

2 State

2 The Loves of
State call'd for this Marriage? Was there a
Necessity for Pomp to have the Day deferr'd,
and give me time to know bi Son? Whilst
Seleucus, returning to Syria, thought en the
Preparations to grace thus Change which must
undoe me, the Prince Antiochus, in all the
Pride of Youth and Royalty, arriv'd to charm
our Court. While be stay d there in Order
to conduct me hither, b Presence by degrees
robb'd me of my Repose. The Gallantry of
bis Air, the Noblemess of his Soul, bis elevated
Courage, all that markd a complete Heroe,
bis Bebavicur at the Races, Tournaments,
and Exercises of Fame, his Address in every
Trial, which assur d bim of the Victory, made
me a Slave; I felt, spite of my Soul, that
this eternal Victory, with every Prize bore
away my vanquisi d Heart! Antiochus
without doubt, replies Phenissa , has every
Perfection which ought to Charm; but
your Hand was already due to his Fa-
ther, and even when your Breast perceivd'
it self fird —— Alas! says the
18 Queen, wiping her fair Eyes which swam
in Tears, can one be sensible of Love when
fit it seizes? Is Love, who struggles to
subdue the Heart, however we resist, to be
Wl Adisteverd! O. 1 em taught by this Di-
Are, that Love by disguising bimself sur-
1 Ties

rizes us. He fixes his Intelligence in ta
Soul which he would attack before any Suspicion
discovers his Arrival. The industrious Power
of its conceal'd Fire makes it self Confederates
who procure its Admittance. The imperceptible
Charm of soft and tender Inclination dispases

the Soul to immediate Sensibility : and the

little Emotions, which first betray its Being,
in vain render the Tumult which pleases *
suspected: The crouding Images of perfect
Merit in the Object admir'd, represent all the
sweet Ideas innocent; and the Senses once
dazled by this decritful Charm, the Virtue
we admire authorizes dur Error : The Heart,
whom these flattering Allurements have seduc
d, assures it ef of Cenquest from its um
Forces, and upon the proffer d Succours which
Reason makes her, suffers without fear the

subtle Poison to work: She loves the soft

Deluder, admits of, and surrenders to him;
thinking it sufficient that on Necessity, she
knows her Remedy; but when the Distemper
gets Head, and she attempts ber Rescue, it
grows Habitual, and makes the Cure impossible.
Thus was it with Me at first, Phenissa,
wy Imprudence suffer'd me to consent
to my cwn betraying. There was something,
J know not what, so Grand in Antiochus

D 3 which

54 The Loves of

which exacted of wy Heart the Tribute which it
paid him. This Heart, too full of a warm E-
steem for bim, neither thought my Duty, or Glo-
Ty wounded in it; I admir d a Prince so perfed
without any Scruples; I was desirou of
esteeming him, and loud him in Effect; and
my Heart, neglecting the Artifice of my Senses,
thought to avoid an Error in which it was
an Accemplice. But, Madam, replies
Phenissa, if I may enquire; what Hopes cculd
yon entertain from this cherish'd Passion ? —-
Be satisfied, Phenisla ; yet, says the Queen,
I will perform what I ought ; and tho I find
too much in Antiochus to please me, my
Hand shall folow my Faith, and I am all his
Father's : But yet I wish 1 could believe at
this Instant, that be felt the same Passion
for me that I bear for bim: That the same
Inclination, whose force over-puwers me, sh.uid
in this fatal Match give him the same Anxiety:
That trembling with a Respeft, which
1 cannot but entertain, be long d to tell it me,
yet durst not explain himself : That hu strong
Griefs to his confus d Sighs abandon d tbeir
Complaints, and smothr d them with such
an Air, that in the rigid Conflict he left
me rocm to devine what he did not cen-

Soon

Soon as Stratonice had utter'd these

Words, without giving time to Pbenissa

to reply, she mov'd forward out of the

Grove and return'd to the Presence.

Scarce had she enter'd the Ante-chambers,
but she was met by Selewcws ; he had just

heard from Tigranes the Prince's Request
for retiring from Court ; and, full

of the displeasing News, was preparing.
to find his lovely Stratonice; and implore

her to use her Endeavours with Antioc

bus, that he would forego all Thoughts

of Retirement. The charming Virgin
was cover'd with Blushes at so suddenly
meeting the Old King, when

with Raptures pressing her Hand to his
Lips, Madam, says he, all things now
wait on your Consent and Syria is in Pain
to Fed ber instant Homage to ber Queen;

and waits no longer than till to morrow's

Dawn to see, as she wishes, Stratonice on

the Throne, and Selencus happy. One Trouble
alone resists the fullness of my Foy, that

I behold the Prince continually a Prey to
gloomy Sorrow : Unable to resi bæ Griefs,
be obstinately strives to pluck from me 4

Consent to his Retirement. May I not blush,
my Charming Princess, that deeply as J

love, I should suffer other Interests to prevail

oh The Loves of ©
on my Soul? But perhaps this Son is endued
with Dualities to excuse my Concern, and
render bis Misfortune worthy of your Goodness:
I implere Assistance from your Virtues,
Madam; prevent Antiochus rem deferting
the Court: If ] have too much Tender-
10% be bas some Merit; and I shall stand
indebted to your Beauties, if prevailing with
him to relinquish his Design, you can engage
bis Hand to lead you to the Throne. My
Lord, replies Stratonice to the King,
whatever the Violence of your Love be, 1
spauld condggnn myself, if it stisted the Voice
of Nature; and seduced you to discard those
Cares, to which so dear an Interest obliges

you, Newer, thro a Destiny so opposite to

our Wishes, was a Father s Concern employ'd
for à more Illustrious Son. But in vain our
Desires would hasten the Cure of those restless
Transports which disturb his Reason :
Whilff you are wishing me to intercede for
bis Stay, be employs me to importune you for
bis Retirement; and the Splendor of ibose
Preparations which your Court displays, as
much contributes to his Melanchely, as it
sooths your Love. What are we to hope
then, Madam ? says the King, what
fovourable Deity will restore him that Repose,
the Loss whereof burthens my Soul?

2 £ L 1 1 - 8 " FIT 8 2
No 2 3 - : XL . ; :
WT a Ee | "nee Bf N : .

C " 4 » NE 3 . ;

As Ambition generally can d every thing
with youthful Princes, I tried by that to
over-rule bis Sorrows: And when I was”
b to receive you to the Throne of Syria, [-
4. sand that be should fill that of Phenicia.
Y I imagind, thet the sweets of Imperial

Power would in part controu! his gloomy”

Anguish : But so far is he from being touch'd

with this Charm, that Tigranes returns +

with bis obstinate Refusal of the Sceptre; ;

nor can he discover ought which may ex-
plain to us the Reasons of a Sorrow, which
all our Cares are baffled to remove. Tis
therefere, replies the Queetf*Fhat- I seethe
Consequence more to be feard: For
whateter Distress the Prince endures, we
can but barely prieve for bis Pains: And.

in vain your Paternal Fondness will struggle

a how to cure a Disease, wich he is pleas d
# - py e

T0 conceal from your Knowledge. Already :

bawe I made an Effort to subdue his Silence,
but 1 perceivd my IEndeaveur was a View
lence which disturbd him: And fearing to

press too freely on his Temper — Ah Madam,
replies the King, u could not tak:
a disobliging Freedom with Antiochus; To
Jeu every thing it permitted, and you aline
have the Power of resturing me my Sen.
Yeur Endeawours must prevail; employ them,

58 The Loves of

J intreat you, to disswade this Retirement,
the Apprebension of which afflitts me: And
force yourself a while to sooth bis Melancholy,
if possible to find out the Secret of his
Sorrows. When you urge him close, be
will perhaps find it difficult not to disclose
the Trouble which oppresses bim: But however
oblige him to relinquish this Design of
Retreating ; tis a Petition, Madam, which
I cannot grant him: And whilst your generow
Goodness undertakes this Task, I
will go and sollicite the Gods to be propitious
to us: And, by submisiue Adorations disarming
their Resentments, ak that of their
Powers in bis behalf, the Effidts of which
1 shall be impatient to learn from you.

The King, as soon as he had ended
his Speech, bow'd to Stratonice; as
desirous that she should immediately repair
to the Prince, and use all her Endeavours
to find out the cause of his
Sorrow, or at least to prevail with him
ro continue at Court, and attend the
Ceremony of her Nuptials and Coronation.
The Queen departed, Seleucus
instantly order'd Tigranes to. come to
bim; Sacrifices were prepar'd for Fupiter

and the Sun, and. a solemn Lustration

tion made throughout Antioch, to appease
the Wrath of the angry Gods, and
for the Restoration of the Prince to
Health and Gaiety. The People, who

had the Distemper of . Antiochus much

at Heart, were not a little pleas'd with
the Execution of these pious Offices,

and the Lustration was perform'd with

as much Devotion and Humility, as if

the City were distressed with a Seige,
and they were imploring the Gods for

a Redemption from Slavery.

Whilst these Solemnities were going

forward, the Princess: Arfinoe was exulting
in the Palace, that a lucky Accident
had furnish'd her with a Discovery
of the Prince's conceal'd Sorrows:

And she did not scruple to tell

Barzina, an Attendant whom she intrusted

with all her Secrets, that 4.

tiochus s Distemper was Love: And
be has reason, continues she, to disguise
his Passin: Love alone can have the Power
to subdue bim to this Melancholy, and spite
of bis Artifices, my Suspicions make. me
read it in his Heart. Madam, replies
Barzina, perhaps 1he Prince languishis for
your Highness; and therefore, however be

bo The Loves of

conceals it, be would be glad that you who
cause bis Pain should be 2 of his Sufferings.
Huw !-—— says Arsinoe, with a
disdainful Smile on her Woman, Do yu
imagine that he can love me? He, who
has so zealously labour d to authorize Tigranes's
Vows; who bas press d me to receive
him for a Lover, and by the King's
Consent warranted bis Passion, and assur d him
both of my Heart, and Faith ? But few,
1 confess, says Barzina to the Princess,
would favour the Pretensions of a Rival; 4
bat there is nothing which a great Soul ©
dares not undertake: And Tigranes having
once savd the Prince's Life, I can easily,
suspeF , why he serves him in his Love.
To triumph over bu own Passion, and oblige
himself to Silence, bespeak an extravagance
of Gratitude and Gallantry: Yet while be
constrains himself” to sigb in Secret, does
not the Excess of bus Melancholy betray the
mother d Flame? Can it need a better Explanation,
than that he surrenders what be
so. loves? It is indeed such a cruel Effort,
which robs bim of himself; replies the
Princess, but whilst be submits to the dreadful
Malady, the Queen is more concern d 15
in bis. Sufferings than I am. What! Stra- ity
tonice ?: — says the Attendant in a Sur-
Pr ize; 1

prize ; The same ; replies the Princess.
And can jou believe it, Madam, says Bar-
Lina, in the little Concern which. he shews.
for ber Glory? When every one with Emulation
contend in making their Court, could
he think himself excus d by weaker Shewsof
Duty? Does he ever pr.nounce the Name
of Stratonice ? Does be not constantly avoid
ber Presence ? If be avoids ber, replies.
Arsinoe, it is not the Anguisb of bis Soul.
which occasions it; be flies, be fears the
beauteous Eyes which too irresistably Charm
bim; and to fear a beautecus Object, believe
me, Barzina, confesses that be loves it.
Is that then a certain Proof of bis Passion ©
says Barzina, No; but this Picture of
the Queen, replies Arsinoe, plucking out
a little Case from her Bosom, richly
set round with the largest Diamonds,
which I found in the Grove, where Antiochus

/ often indulges his Solitude, leaves.

me no Room to doubt of a flame which his
Respect binders him from discovering. Besides,
ever since 1 have been Mistress of this
Treasure, no Tongue bas breath d a Syllable
of its Loss: And for the Recovery of such
a Prizr, every one, but a Liver who had
seme Reasons for bis Silence, weald make
the feriftess and mest. gencral Enquiry.

Behold,

62 The Loves of

Behold, Barzina, to what advantage the
very outside is labour d! See here, what
a blaze of Diamonds all around! Such
profusion of Ornaments, as it is very uncommon,
distinguishes the fortune of the Person.
who could bestow it: And the Case is
of such a Price, that it is most evident a
Prince. has shewn his Power in inriching it.
Add to this my finding it in those solitary
Groves, where Antiochus is known every
day to walk, beneath those ploomy Shades
where most. be indulges himself in a melancholy
Retirement. Believe me, the Proof
of my Suspicions is convincing. If they do
not deceive you, replies Barzina, the misfortune
of his Lowe is great and touching;
To be at once the Rival of a Father, and
a Monarch; and of a Monarch who adores
Stratonice. If my Suspicions are true,
says Arsinoe again, to Day must clear the
Mystery of bis Love: This little Case will
make powerful Discoveries, and for my
Confirmation, I need but throw myself m
the Prince's way: Do you think upon seeing
it, that be can be Mister of his Concern ?
The flame which he so smothers, replies
Barzina, may possibly shew itself on this
Occasion : But, Madam, do you remember
the Exchange you bave made? 7, *

the Case contains your Picture instead. of
the Queen ? —— Dull Barzina ! ——replies
the Princess, I on purpose put my Picture
for the other : Unless this Exchange were
to assist in my Discovery, I should in vain
flatter my self of Success in the Project. -

The Prince perhaps might have so much

command on himself as to let nothing be
disceru'd of what he fears to explain; and
under some Colour might find a time to
resume a Picture so dear to his Live: But
new, by. but opening the Case, being convinc
d that I retain in my Hands the Picture
of bis Stratonice, bis earnest Desire to recover
from me that precious Gage, will oblige
him to discover what he most conceal:.:
Or if be can still leave me in any uncertainty,
at least I (hall bave the Pleasure of seeing
his Disorder. By That he will stand reveal d;
and when his Disquietude But see ; he
is approaching us; that we may put bim
under the less Restraint, retire Barzina.

As Antiochus drew near, the Princess
secretly slipt the Picture-Case into
her Bosom; but left one half jetting
out in such a manner, that if the Prince
but lifted his Eyes on her, he must see

the Diamonds he was so well acquainted

with.

64 The Loves of

with. As he came up towards her,
she mov'd to meet him; and having
address'd him with accustom'd Ceremony,
My Lord, says she, is it prssible and may
T credit the Report, that yourself have resisted
your n Glory; and that when
the King is eager to Crown you, you will:
not consent to ascend the Throne? The Beunty
of my Royal Father, replies the Prince,
surprix d me when be thought me worthy
of those Honours ; but my Duty but ill had
answer d bu Kindness, if I had accepted
what so little s my Due, I am born bis
Subject, Madam, and count it my Gl.ry
to remain so, Rather say, my Lord, crics
she, that your Melancholy Iirds it over
your Senses; that your whole Heart surrenders
to its Influence, and that what
ought to relieve it, serves but to red:uble
it. Tis true, it gains upon me, says
the Prince sighing ; and all my Address
but wvainly struggles either to banish or conceal
my Weakness : Spite of my self, I yield
so its Power, and its subtle Poison with
malignant Vupcurs works on my Reason,
But, I trouble you with my Informities ;
will you permit me, my fair Cozen, -—=-—
The Prince had now discoverd in
her Bosom the precicus Treasure, 3

Loss of which he mourn'd in Secret ;
and without naming it, reach'd out his
Hand to Arsinoe, as desirous that she
should deliver it him to look on. The
Princess who hop'd to sound his Breast
on this Opportunity, and resolv'd to
put him into what Confusion she could,
would not understand his dumb Request;
but with an Air of dissembled
Surprize what u it yeur Highness, said

she, would baue me to do? Madam,

reply'd the Prince, I bave been examining
the Richness and Curiosity of that
Work in your Bosom: There # something in
that Case which speaks it so great a Masterpiece,
that I am even struck with Admiration
of it. The fashion seems moss New,
and the Contrivance of it is surprizing. As
rich as it is, my Lord, says Arsmoe,
I am indebted to an Accident for it. How ?
Madam, replies the Prince, did meer
Accident put it into your Hands? It did,
my Lord, says Arsince again, and it surprizes
me much that the Person who bas

spar'd no Cost in enriching of it, can bear
the Loss of it and be silent. I admire with
you, replies the Prince, that it should.

be kept secret ; but whils# the owner discleses

bimself, will you permit me, Cozen, to.

keep

a "—— — —ᷣ— OG —

66 The Loves of

keep it in my Possession, and endeavour to
get the Pattern imitated? A Workmansbip
like this would be necessary for me to contain
a charming Piece, which I am Proud of Pre-
serving ; mor could I hope to devise a neater
Design. —— The Princess was a little confounded
at this proposal of Antioch,
because, tho it aur e her that he was
fond of the Case, it gave her no convincing
Satisfaction, however Circumstance
and Suspicion perswaded her to
believe it, that he was the proper Owner
of it: She had form'd to herself from this
Project a Certainty either of reducing
him to a Confession of his Love, or
to a Confusion in struggling to conceal
it; she durst not refuse the Prince
what he requested; but Thought, which
seldom fails the Female Sex in Inventions
of Malice, supplied her still with an
Opportunity of giving him Pain; my
Lord, says she, I had entertain d no small
Esteem for this Curiosity, and grew Covetous
of possessing it; but I surrender it to your Higbness,
I will only divide it with you by resuming
a Picture... She was here preparing
to open the Case, when the
Prince with Earneftness stept to her

and prevented it ;»-Nay, my fair Coven,
pn. you

you do me Violence in that, said he; In

Anticchus and Stratonice. 67

trusting it to me, entertain no Fears for the
Picture; but rather suffer me by looking on
it to amuse my Sorrows. Painting bad always
a Charm in my Eyes: The Princess,
who fix'd her Eyes on Antiochw, was
again disappointed in Observing that he
meant not then to survey the Picture ;
she had but one Effort more to make,
and, my Lord, replies she, If 1 may believe
what I ba ve been told, there is something in

that Picture which cannot but please you, and

as you are acquainted with the Face, tell me
at a blush what yu think of it; the Lines
are bold, and the Hand curiam ;--- Thi
Princess here would have fain prevail'd
with Antiochws to open the Case ; but he,
fully imagining the Picture of Stratonice
had till remain'd in it, and little suspeed
that Arsinoe had exchang'd it for
that of her Own, had powerful Reasons
in his own Breast to defer the View and
suspend his Judgment. Pardon me, Madam,
lays she, the Wildness of my Distemper

too much at present o'erpow'rs my. Scul :

I would consider the Excellence of the painting
at à calmer Hour, when my Thoughts are
less embarrassed with Care, my Mind at Rest,
and my Judgment free; my Lord, replies

Ar sinoe,

68 The Loves of

Arsinoe, I resign it to your Pleasure; thi
when a fairer Opportunity presents, I must
consult your Highness on this Subje# ; I sce
the Queen is now approaching, and Il take

my Leave.

The Prince was not a little pleased
at the seasonable Diversion of the
Queen's Approach, he found Arsinoe was
pushing hard to drive him into a Toyl ;
and he hop'd from Stratenice to hear that
the King had consented to his Retirement,
Madam, says he, bowing and
smiling as he approach'd her, will the
King vouchsafe me his Favour? Will be consent
to the Unhappiness of my Destiny which
chases me from hence, and agree, that in
Retiring from the Court, I may endeavour
to regain that sweet Repose, of which I find
my self deprivd? My Lord, replies the
Queen, 7; the Recovery of your Repose,
there is nothing but what you my hope for
from your Father; nor is there any thing
which his Tenderness prefers to his Son : But
you flatter yourself too far to presume, that
be can easily consent to yeur Veparture. The
Intention of it alarms him to that degree,
that ;he very mentioning of it is 4 Crime.
Then must J eternally be involv d in 27.

* * > ous

Sorrows, says the Prince sighing ; and

] * languish out my Days in Melancholy and

Uneassiness | The whole Land partakes in your
Distress ; replies Stratonice, but whey you
study a Retreat to sooth your Sorrows, has
the Court no Allurements to detain you ? Can
you find nothing throughout it but Objects
which merit your Scorn and Contempt? Oh!
Madam, replies Antiochus, it is not there-

fore that I am st udious of withdrawing ;

F there be any thing whose Attractions can

footh, or draw me back, it is hire which

I find it, here that my Admiratien is fd:
And the World has nothing of so high a
Price, as can equal the Beauties with which
1 feel my self surprix d. But in this gloom
and disorder of my Soul, my Happiness makes
my Misfortune, and what is my Pleasure
proves my Destruction: My fatal Sorrows
bave the Art of poisoning all the Bl:ssings
which Heaven studies to throw in my way:
My Lord, replies Stratonice, will you- for
ever complain of your Sorrows, and still conceal
from me their Cause? I flatter d myself,
I might have pretended soms little
Power over you : But---Nay, Madam, says
the Prince, if you have any Pleasure in
that Power, believe me it extends but too
far for my Nuiet. Can 1 believe it, re-

70 The Loves of

plies Stratonioe, when you so obftinately disguise
your Griefs from me. Consider, Madam,
lays Antiochus with more than
ordinary Concern, my Glory is concern'd ;
and I shall betray it in presuming to discover
what my Reason in vain has struggled to
Cure. However Reason may have Charms,
replies Stratonice, to a great Soul, yet where
Passion reigns, she is Weak and Unattive ;
but particalarly ber Counsels make the slightest
Impression, when the Evil has Love or Ambition
for its Source. Ab! Madam, lays

the Prince again, little do 1 fear being
surprix d by Ambition; the nearer I am to

a Throne, the more I disdain it: And when
you are placed there, I shall be less pleas d
to give Laws, than to receive them at your
fair Hand. This illustrious Disdain, replies
the Queen, firs well on Heroick
Minds ; yet every Passion causes its peculiar
Tumults; and the Breast, which is enflam'd
by no Desires of Preheminence, is perhaps
put to it to resist the Troubles of Love. My
Lord, you sigb, when I talk of Love;
continued Srratonice, looking languishing
on the Prince: I must confess, I did;
replied Antiochus, and perbaps bave said
more to your Highness, than at first 1 meant

to do. But if I too far explain what 1
2114 labour

labour to conceal, think, Madam, that it

is you alone who must not understand me.
Is it then possible that Love, my Lord, has
caus'd your Sufferings, replied the Queen ?
Ah! Madam, says Antiochus with a profound
sigh, you have torn the Secret from
my Soul: And when nothing else could force
me to a Confession, condemning my Silence,
you compell d me to speak. Yes I must own,
I love, with all the Ardour that a Heart
#s capable f; and love the brigbtest Object
which Eyes e er bebeld. I must indulge the
Passion ; and count it a more happy Fate to
dye in Loving her, than live and not 10

Love !

The Prince's Looks, and Accents sufficiently
explain'd the Sentiments of his

Heart; Passion, and Tenderness, Confusion,

and Despair with alternate Sway
struggled in his Soul, and commanded
his Senses. He at once desired, yet
fear'd to disclose his secret Anguish : Nor
was Stratonice less in Pain ; Hope flatter'd
her with the Love of Antiochus; and
Reason check'd the Presumption of that
Hope, by whispering to her the unavailing
Consequence.” Vet was it worse
than Death, to remain in a State of Un-
1 : certainty ;

72 The Loves of

certainty ; tho' Sorrow, Languishing,
Disappointment, and Horror were to
succeed the Knowledge, she stood: resolv'd
to be convinc'd of his Passion;
and even fear d least some other Beauty
Thould be the Object of his Admiration,
At length with a constrain'd Reserve
of Carriage and Composure of Countenance,
my Lord, says she, tho your Love
seems to fear a Confident in me, 1 entertain
too fair an Opinion of your Flame to conceive
it ' should be extinguished: Yet cannot I comprebend
what fatal Influence, compelling you
70. Silence, gives Arms to your Despair. Besides
that tis in vain for ever to conceal
the Object, your Rank and Quality secure
you from the. Fear of a Refusal : Or if nothing
could assist you in your Passuon, at least we
should complain of a Distress which we do
not know bow to, remedy, No, Madam,
no, replies the Prince, the Heavens are
pleas d that 1 should yield to my Destiny ;
it beboves me to die, where my Distemper
is without a Remedy. It is not being pitied,
that can give Comfort to the Pains ] feel;
but to sooth and alleviate my Tortures, 1
must be pitied by ber who . causes them:
Les are there such Reasons, to binder pj Be
pecking it, that it is Criminal even 4e Wish,

it. The Reasons of Prevention, 1 must
confess, replies the Queen, are out of my
Knowledge; but if there needs but her Pity
for your Comfort, whatever Austerity of
Virtue controuls her Actions, it is a Favour
which cannot cost her a Blush to bestow :
For my part, if I have any Interes# in ber
Heart, as she is so absolute a Mistress of
yours, I may - Ab ! Madam, replies
the Prince, your Power is so great that 1
know you could prevail farther than any
Other; could I indulge the Hope of so great
a Blessing, my Love would expect it aline
from you : But should 1 entertain that Hape,
I know too well that my flame, — The
Prince stopping here, Nay, . my Lord,
pray, proceed; says the Queen. Madam,
I must say no more, replies Antiochus ; 1
was forgetting that Duty, and Respect which
1 owe you; I was running Wild, but Reason
in time has redeem d me from my Error;
and since there is a secret Fatality which attend's
my Misery, I see that I must languish, sigh,
and be Silent. Therefore, Madam, in the
Name of the Gods press me no further;
whilst I Love in Secret, I Love with Innocence;
but in, discl:sing it, I forfeit that;
and it is perhaps sufficient in so cruel a De-
[tiny to live Unhappy , without Dying a
E Criminal :

74 The Loves of
Criminal : Prince, replies the Queen, after
the Power you confess I have over you,
it is to injure me to retract your Words; and
argues a Suspicion that you hold my Zeal
F serving you as false, as Indiscreet : Will
you not then permit me, says the Prince,
r cherish this Secret? Consider, Madam,
«that you yourself who now press its Disclo-
sure, if it escape my Bosom, will condemn
me; and without reflecting by what Command
I presum'd to speak, you perhaps may
call me to account for the Boldness, Do not
«expose yourself to the Pain of knowing too
much. Tour Distress, replies the Queen,
seems at 4 Height incapable of an Increase;
and even if | were acting alone to betray
jon — Nay, then, says the Prince, your
Resolution # to know, and 1 must obey you.
But I call th: sacred Powers to Witness, if
1 break my Silence, it u your Command
which forces me to it, without which it should
remain a Secret in my Bosom even to my
Death. But since 1 must explain for whom
this faithful Heart languishes, let this inform
jon what I cannot utter: This too lovely
Picture, so powerful in its Charms, will present
to you the ObjeF which 1 dare not
mention. | |

The Prince had no sooner express d
these Words, but, kneeling to Stratonice,
he deliver'd into her Hands the rich
Case which he had but now recover'd
from the Possession of Arsinoe; and little
dreamt that the malicious Fair One had
made that Exchange of the inclos'd Picure,
which involv'd the Queen in an
Error, and serv'd to aggravate his own
Distress; The Queen was perceiv'd to
tremble at the Receit of it ; her lovely
Bosom heav'd with ExpeRation ; and
her Eyes flash'd with Desire and Impatience
of the wish'd Discovery. Antiocbas
had spoke. to her in such doubtful
Terms, and mingled such Awe and
Refpe& in his Discourse, that her fond
Heart had flatter'd her with the Opinion,
it must be her Form had made such
sensible Impressions on his Heart: She
had no sooner open'd the Case, and beheld
the Resemblance of Arsinoe, but
her Cheeks were Pale, and her Blood
ran. Cold thro' her Body, as if , like
Niobe, she were congealing into Marble.
The Prince, rivetting his Eyes upon her,
perceiv'd the Change; and thinking it
had proceeded from the Surprize of beholding
her own * was chill'd with

76 The Loves of

as visible a Horror: He suspected his
fate was fully determin'd in her Indignation;
and rising from his Knees, Well,
Madam, said he, what bave you decreed
or thus presumptuous and unbappy Lover?
Must be be abandon d wholly to bis Despair,
or can you generously pity bim for a Fate
which he had not Power to divert? —— But
Jour Colour alters, and your whole Visage
confesses your Displeasure : — I see too plain, I
should, I ought to have been Silent. And
Love whose indispensible Law 1 follow, is
become my Crime in betraying its Object !---
Tour Choice, says the Queen interrupting
Antiachus here, gives me some Surprize ;
and whatever high Merit your Love paints
ro itself, in the Object which inspires your
Passion — Alas! Madam, says the Prince
again, if that Merit could be my Excuse,
who but must approve the Presumption it
has pushd me on? I cannot desire you to Pardon
the Ambition of my Vows, but spare me
the Object which has causd your Disdleasore
Newer was any thing under the Heavens so
fair, never any thing so lively, or so strongly
rouch'd to charm the Sight. It is the visible
Image of @ Divinity; and not to adore it,
we must be Insensible. But since this franł
Confession bus raid your Anger; consider,
5 Madam,

Madam, -that the Misfortune's mine, but
the Crime your own, Tho' I was almost
reduc'd to Death with the painful Concealment,
I till design d to (muther the Violence
of my Passion, and disguise from knowledge
for whose Charms I languishd. My Lord,
replied the Queen, I cannot apprehend a
Reason why you, who may command every
thing, should enjoin yourself this painful Silence.
I owe to thi Picture the knowledge
of your Flame; and by the Instrufion it lends
me, I may assist your Passim. The Prince
was confused at these Words of the
Queen, and throwing himself again at
her Feet, Madam, says he, I implore you
to give me back that Treasure; my Love
demands it, as the sole Prize that can relieve
my Despair. My Lord, says the Queen,
entertain no Fears for the Safety of a Fewel
you esteem so highly ; but it is not from my
Hand that you must receive it back. How
Madam ! Can you then deny it me ? replies

Antiocbus, with a look which spoke the

deepest Concern; O unsuspected Cruelty !---
Yet know, inbumane Fair One, that tho you
deprive my Eyes of an Object so dear to them,
Jou cannot prevent its Image being ingrav d
in my Heart, or hinder the Flame which glows
in this Bosom from encreasing its Ardor.

E 3 There,

78 The Loves of
There, spite of your Disdain, 1 will eternally
adore the Image of my Charming, and Divine
Princess : There, with a secret Homage submit
her my faith, and zealous Vows, The
Queen who had reason, from the Mi-
Rake of the Picture, to presume that all
these Transports of Antiochus were intended
to Arsinoe, and who herself in
Secret had such a tender Regard for the
Prince; was sick at Heart to hear such
lavish Raptures bestow'd on her happy
Rival, and wish'd to be any thing rather
than Stratenice. When, with an Air
of Sorrow mix d with Resentment, turning
to him, Prince, says the, adieu: You we
said enough ; and I'll attempt to serve you. He,
who still was more and more confounded
ar the Queen's Design, and amazd
that she should attempt to disclose his
Passion for her to Seleucus; would have
endeavour'd to divert her from the Discovery
of his fatal Story. Madam, says
he, yet wouchsafe to hear me: If I cannot
oblige my Love to remain a Secret, Ill seal
its Discovery with my Blood; if that will
satisfy for the Wrong I offer you, let it stream
as an Atonement for my Offence: And to

Die, will be to finish my Asslidtions,

The Queen was frighted, and trem--
bled at the Apprehension of Anticchus s-
Death; she took no little Pains to convince
him, that whatever horrid Ideashe
had form'd to himself, she had no-
Occasion of Resentment for the Information
he had given her; that he might
trust her Discretion and Respect so far,
as to believe she would act alone for”
his Service, but never to his Prejudice:
The Prince was about to reply in humble
Acknowledgement of her Favours; when:
he was prevented by the Arrival of Tigranes,
who came from the King on as
Summons to Arnticchus : The Que wiis
saw the Royal Favourite drawing to—
wards them, prepar'd to take her Leave
of the Prince; My Lord, says she, Tis
granes's: Approach may possibly be a Divers

siun to your Melancholy; and as your Power

over bim is so absolute, why should you not
truss bim with the important Secret? The
Prince blush'd, and look'd languishingly
on Stratonice, who gave him no further-
Tima-for an Answer, but withdrew and:
left him with the Favourite.

Tigranes, coming up to the Prince with
the most solemn Respect, address'd him
E 4. thus;

be Loves of

thus; My Lord, is there any thing that my
Zeal for your Service, and the Honour your
Highness allows me of your Friendship, can
do to soften the Rigour of your Fate? Or
ease you of Part of those Sorrows which so
heavily oppress you ? My x,y replied the
Prince, cannot bear to expose itself to Witmesses;
allow some Ease, some Relaxation
to my dejetted Soul, Will then my Prince,
replies Tigranes, disguise from me the Sorrow
which undies him? Can Friendship,
my Lord, cimsent to such an obstinate Concealment
? Have I not already told you, says
the Prince, with a stern Countenance,
that it is mecessary for me to Retire: What
can I say further? —— I dare not promise
your Highness, replied Tigranes, that the King
will be prevail d udn on that Occasion: He
even condemns the Hope of a Retreat so fatal
to Lis Repose, and, full of Impatience, demands
your Presence. But, my Lord, if 1 mistake
not the Words of the Queen, she seem d to
imply that I could bring some Relief to your
Paint, and that you endeavuuring to explain
to me the Cause, Hold, my Tigranes,
said the Prince with some Warmth, Nor
flatter Yourself or Me with that Hope:
Come lead me to the King ; and let the Fates
dispose of me as they please. The a

Antiochus and Stratonice, dt

who saw Antiochus still obstinate in the
Concealment of his Distress, fear'd to
strain the Privilege of his Friendship
too far; and, silently submitting to the
Prince's Reproof, waited upon him to"
the Presence-Chamber,

Antiochus was not a little alarm'd at
the prefling Summons of his Royal Father;
he dreaded the Instances which
the King would make to him to relinquish
his Resolutions of Retiring ; he
fear d Stratonice might have betray'd the
Secret of the Picture, and stood Confounded
with the Conscience of a Passion,
which he accounted his Crime:
However his Fate was now on the Anvil;
and if the fatal Story was discover'd,
he resolv'd his Death should blot out
his Ignominy ; and clear him from the
Imputation of consenting to a - Guile, .
whose Effects were Involuntary, and out
of his Power.

I must owe so much Deference to History,
and some recorded Circumstances *
of this Story, that tho' this Passion deriv'd |
its -Discovery from the Incident of the
Picture which the Prince deliver'd co

E 7 Stratoniee,

82 The Loves of

Stratonice, yet I must not pass over in
silence a Fable, perhaps of more Conceit
than Verity: However the Story is as
follows; and let the World determine
of its Authority.

Whilst Antiochas struggled hard with
the: Force of his. extravagant Passion,
but finding on the one Hand an Imposlibility
of extinguishing those Flames
which the charming Eyes of the Queen
had. kindled ; and on the other, that
it was equally difficult to obtain his Desires,
he saw no other Remedy for his
hopeless Misfortune, but what was to
be expected from Despair and Death.
Whilst he dwelt on this deplorable Prospect
which seem'd the inevitable Consequence
of his Love; his Health declin'd,
and Colour faded, his Sleep.
and Appetite by Degrees. forsook him,
the Gaiety of his Disposition, and wonted
Love of Active Pleasures were sunk in
Melancholy, Languor, and Indolence ;
and he grew into a. Diftemper which
he could not support, which bore down
his Health and Ease together, and made
him look d upon as One whose Case
was, too desperate for a Cure to be expected.

Ahtiochus and Stratonice. 83
pected. Syria was shock d with the Apprehensions

of losing the admir'd Heir
to her Diadems; and the fond Seleucss
did not spare to offer the profusest Rewards

to such as could discover - or redress
his Son's Distemper.

There was at that time a Physician :
of mighty Fame, who attended the
Court, and had an ample Pension allow'd
from the Crown for his superior”
Excellence in his Art, call'd Erasistratus;
This Man was appointed by Seleucm to
watch, and attend the Prince's Indisposition,
and to discover the secret Spring
of that Malady, whose Fatality seem'd
to consist in its Concealment, and which
yet Antiochas obstinately labour'd to hide
from all Knowledge. The laborious-
Artist, who resolv'd to shew his Faith and
Gratitude to the Monarch, and convince
the Court of the Largeness of his Skill,
employ'd. himself wholly on the great
Discovery, and, Night and Day, watch'd' :
the Encrease and Afﬀerations of the Disease.
He had not made very long Observations
on his Patient, e'er he was
itrongly confirm'd in an Opinion, that
ths. Distemper did: not spring. from any

corrup

84 The Loves of

corrupt or vicions Humours in the Body
of the Prince, but that its Seat was
certainly in the Mind, the Contagion
of which had pass'd into the Body.
Founding himself on this just Notion,
he was next to examine the Nature,
and intricate Operations of the Passions ;
to trace each in its distin Emotions,
and thence to explore the latent Cause.
He knew well the effects of Grief, Ambition,
Anger, and other violent Disturbances
of Man's Spirit, could not
lie. well conceal'd from Observation ;
but, like strong Subterranean Fires, would
labour for Vent, and blaze out into a
Discovery; Love he knew might be
conceal'd either thro' Fear, or Modesty :.

Erasistratus no sooner suspected the
Prince's Distemper to be Love, but he
distantly touch'd this Subject to him;
he hop'd to discover such Emotions in
his Patient from the handling of that
Argument, as would leave him nothing
to doubt of the Cause, and then all the
Difficulty that remain'd would be to
find out the Object of his Flames. Neither
this Artifice, nor the most pressing
Instances. by which he conjured Antiochus

to declare the cause of his Distemper,
could draw any thing from him of Certainty:
However the Physitian, who
stood determin'd to pursue his Suspitions
to a farther Head, had another Invention
from which he expected some Discoveries:
He took an Opportunity to
disclose his Thoughts of the Prince's
Languishment to the King, and intreated
his Majesty, that the Queen and other
Young Ladies of the Court might be
permitted to Visit his Patient; and perhaps
their Presence, and Discourse, might
prove some Relief, and Diversion to his
Melancholy.

The King was fond of complying
with, any thing, which Erasistratus could
propose of benefit to the Prince ; and
beg'd the Ladies, they would put themselves
under the Constraint of making
an unpleasant Visit ; there was not One
of the Beauties who resorted' to the Palace,
that so little lov'd the Prince, or
were so careless of obliging Seleucus,
as not to comply with this Request ; and
the Chamber of Antiochus now look'd
like the Drawing-Room of Stratonice, or

rather

96 The Lover of
rather like the Court of the Cyprian
Goddess.

The careful Physitian, whenever any
of the Fair ones paid their Complements,
took care to place himself near the
Prince, and diligently observ'd if any
Change, or Emotions were to be discoverd
in him on the Variety of Objects:
He knew well, that Alterations in the
Countenance, Spirit, and Behaviour,
were wont, upon Surprizes, to betray.
the inward Passions and Inclinations of
the Soul, Nor was he deceiv'd in the
Nature of his Speculations: He took
notice, from time to time, that the Presence
of the Court-Ladies. wrought nomanner
of Alteration in him; but when
Stratonice came alone, or in Company
with Seleucus, to make him a Visit, he
observ'd in him all the Symptoms of a
most violent Passion; he became instantly
Silent and Melancholy; his Words
were smother'd by the secret Impulse of
his Love, and Sighs were all the Language
he could spare her; a fiery. Blush
would mount into his Face; he would
fix his languid Eyes upon her, and then

again wichdraw those stolen and guilty
RT Looks:

Looks: His Pulse would be disorder'd,
and flutter as in 4 Feaver ; a cold Sweat
would seize upon him ; and, unable to
support the Violence of his Passion, he
would become Sensless and Pale as that.
Death, which he: so much defir'd.

These strong Agitations and Conflict
in Antiocbus, on the Sight of the Queen;
and the Observation, that as soon as she
departed, his Face resum'd a more lively
Colour, his Spirits play'd with more
Freedom and Vigour, and his Body return'd
to its wonted Heat and Disposition,
were solid Arguments. for the
Physitian to proceed on; Erafistratus,
from those infallible Symptoms, manifestly
perceiv'd that Stratonice was the
dear Object of his Passion; and that he
had taken a Resolution. rather to perish,
than discover his Love: He evidently
saw, that the Prince was in the excreamest
Danger of his Life, unless some Way
could be devis'd, to- »pply the only Remedy
which was capable of contributing
to his Recovery: And yet he could not
bur tremble to think of making a Discovery
of that Nature. to Seleucas.

Yet.

88 The Loves of

Yet what Erasitratus durst not presume
officiously to discover , he was resolv'd
to give the King a handle of enquiring
into: New Measures were now
to be try'd, and some Expedient found
that might surprize and alarm the King,
and make him wonder at the change
and unsteady Conduct of the Physitian :
He sent a hasty Message to Seleucu, with
express Charge, that his Majesty would
forbid the Ladies from paying their future
Compliments: For that their Visits
created a Disorder, which might prove
of dangerous Consequence to the Prince.
An Injunction of this kind had its full
Effects on the Tenderness of the King;
he was impatient of knowing the Reason
of such a Charge; and order'd the Page,
who brought the Meslage, privately to
8 n Erasistratus to attend him in his
Clolet.

This Summons was an Effect which

the Physitian hop'd from his Message to |

the King ; and he was glad to seize the
earliest Opportunity of slipping from the
Prince, and attending on Seleucus, who
waited alone, in order to receive him.

* „ Erasi-

Erasistratus wore an Air of Concern in
his Face, when he entred to the King,
which alarm'd all the Father in him, and
made him Eager to enquire into his Son's
Wellfare. Erasiftratus, with a grave and
compos'd Countenance, reply'd to the
King; That he fear d, the Prince's Distemper
was Incurable. The King was so
jshock'd at this afflicting News, that had
not the Physitian run to his Assistance,
he had faln down on the Spot: When
he was recover'd from his Surprize, o erflowing
with Tears, he cry d, Ersistratus,
what fatal Disease is it, that must rob me
of my lovd Antiochus? bat raging Iliness

has seix d the Prince, which to thy potent

Skill is Incurable? My Royal Lord,
reply'd Erasistratus sighing, The Prince's

Dise+/e is Love; and he is incurable, because

it is impissible for him to enjoy the Object of

his Passum, and as impossible for him to live

without it,

Seleucus was astonish'd, that there should
be a Woman in the World, who would
not suffer herself to be perswaded by a
King cf Asia, when he propos'd to give
her his Son in Marriage: Nay, and
when he added the Invitation of a King-

— on rn I Inn

99 The Loves of
dom, to which the Prince was Heir, and
which he would be ready to part with
presently in Recompence of his Cure,
if any one demanded it; But say, my
Friend, continued the King, could not you,
who have devin'd the Cause of his Distemper,
discover the Object on which his Cure depends?
Or is he obstinately Silent to his Destruction?
Will he languish out his Days in Concealment,
and neither compassionate bis Fathers Years,
nor have Repard to Syria, who expects in
bim 4 Successor ? Relieve me, Erasistratus,
from these torturing Doubts ; and: relieve me,
if possible, too from my Fears. Tell me,
Erasistratus, is the Fair One known ; and
let your King be empl yd to court her to Compliance
? The Physitian, who did not
think fic to break the important Secret
at once, but chose rather to work on
Selencus's Soul by concerted Artifice, stood
Silent for a while, and seem'd unwilling
to return any Aniwer: At length, A4
Royal Lord, said he, what must I reply to
your Majesty ? Or should I not wish to be
dumb for ever, rather than be oblig d to own
that Antiochus languisbes for the Wife of
Erasistratus ? *

The good Old King smil'd at this
Disco-

Discovery, as presuming now there was
some Relief in Hope for his much lov'd
Son; and embracing Erasiftratus in his
Aged Arms, And how !-- cries he, good Man,
1 Erasistratus, my dear Erasistratus, refuse
me the Rindne(s to bestou bis Wife upon
my Son and Successor, when there is no other
way to save his Life? Will you that are our
Friend, and tied to our House by so many reciprocal
Testimonies of kindness ; and besides all
this, you that are a wise and honest Man;
will not you save the Life of this Young Prince,
the Son of a King, your Friend, fallen unhappily
in Love, and who out of Modesty
has conceal'd his Grief even unto Death?
Can you make so little Account not only of
Antiochus, bur of Selencus bimself? The
subtle Physitian seemed in much Disorder
at the King's Importunities, now
forc'd the Blood to flush into his Face,
now wip'd his Brow with his Hankerchief
as in a Sweat, and labouring with.
the agonies of Love and Jealousie. My
Lord, (aid he, would 1 could with my Life
restore your Antiochus! I wonld be proud,
at the Expence of my Blood and Fortunes, to
shew the Zeal I owe my Prince, and what
I could do to serve my Country. But mult I
sacrifice my Honour to those Regards? rye N

$2 ._ .. | The Loves of

stain the Virtue of my Wife with Prostitution ©
O sacred Sir, weigh it in your Bosom; and
do me the Fustice to place Seleucus in the
room of Erasistratus. Va, who are his
Father, and 2 that Consideration, ought
to have all the Tenderness imaginable for a Son.
(Pardon me, my Lord, 1 know the preat
Affection you bear the Prince:) Could you consent
to take the Counsel which you give me?
And if Antiochus were thus desperately in
Love with Stratonice, would you so easily resign
your Interest to bim? The King scarce

ave Erasistratus time to finish his Queion,

but, By all the Gods, said he, the
Protectors of my Empire, by those indulgent
Powers who bless d me with such a Son, I
swear 1 would freely surrender Her to his Arms.
And ] shculd esteem it the Glory of my Life,
to leave Posterity that noble Example of Paternal
Goodness, in redeeming a Prince of
such Modesty from the Grave, who in his
Aliction had not made the least Complaint,
and who in his Charafter was absolutely unworthy
of falling by such a rigid Fate. Nay,
my Erasiftratus, I wish the Gods had put
the safety of the Prince upon that Issue : That
he might owe his Recovery only to Seleucus :
I would not only part with Stratonice,
but my Empire, on Condition that I might
preserve

preserve my dearest Antiochus! And I am
troubled, that I my self cannot be the Physitian
of this Unfortunate Son, without being
beholden to Erasiftratus |! —

The King express d himself with such
an Air and Vehemence of Sincerity, that
the Tears forced themselves a Passage from
his Eyes; upon which Erasistratu, fully
convinc'd that he was in Earnest, threw
himself at the Monarch's Feet, and begging
a Thousand Pardons for ꝓis Impositions,
discover'd the whole Matter:
My Royal Lord, said he, you have then no
need of the Assistance of Erasistratus; for you,
who are a Father and a King, are the most
proper, and in thu Case, only Physitian for
your own Family : Tis you alone that can recover
the Life of Prince Antiochus, by resigning
to him his ador d Stratonice.

The Consequence of this Intelligence,
which I hold but as a Digreflion from
my Story, and yet of such Authority as
I could not dispense wich Concealing,
permit me to postpone to a more suitable
Occasion : Let it suffice that Plutarch, and
Appian have transmitted it to the World,
that the Relation, I have made, was the

means

94 The Loves of

Means of discovering the Passion of Autiochus,
I now return to the Distresses

of that Prince, and the unsuspected Confusion,
in which the malignant Curiosity
of Arsinoe did involve him.

For Connection sake, it may not be
amiss to recapitulate in a few Words, that
Stratonice and Tigranes had in vain, on
the Prince's behalf, sollicited Seleucus to
consent to his Retirement: That they
both met with a Repulse in their Importunities;
and that the former was commission
d by the King to disswade the
Prince from thoughts of Retiripg ; and
the latter order'd with speed to seek Antiocbus,
and conduct him to the Presence.

The Prince, who perhaps, in this Jun-

ture of his Affairs, had as live have en- |

countred a Lyon, or leap'd from a Precipice,
as stand the Shock of his Father's
Reproof; had too much filial Piety to
disobey the Summons, or demur upon
the dreaded Visit. When he entred the
Royal Apartment with Tigranes, he found
the Lodgings crouded with the Nobility;
and the King incircled with Embassadors,

all prefling: him to speed the —

Ds mn i wo A. I on » . Rr ay, oo

of his Nuptials.
| &ion ran thro' the Croud at the Prince's

Anticchus and Stratonice. 95
A murmur of Satisfa-

Entrance ; the obsequious Courtiers with

Pleasure in their Eyes, all turn'd to address

him with their Bows as he pals'd ;
and the Embasladors retir'd on each Side

of the Throne, to make way for his Access

to the King. Seleucus, who saw the
Marks of Affliction too deeply impress'd
on the Countenance of Antiochus, (whose
Cheeks were Pale with Watching and
Despair, and whose Eyes were turn'd to
Earth as conscious of the Misfortune which
he deem'd his Crime ;) fear'd to heighten
his Sorrows with the Displeasure of a Father;
and smoothing his Brow, and

courteously stretching out his Hand,

would have encourag'd him to have taken
a Seat by the Throne. Antiochus, making
his Obeisance to his Father, and willing
that he should maintain the State of his
Royalty before the Embassadors, refus d
the proffer of that Favour: My Lord,
says he, it is my Duty to attend your Majesty
I am summon'd hither to hear your
Commands; and let not jour gracious Invitation
force me to a Presumption which will
misbecome my Duty, -— 1 own I sent for you,
replies the King; to give you my Sentiments,

96 The Loves of

not impose my Commands. But first you must
repose you: The Iliness you sustain , pleads
against the rigorous Ceremonies of State ; 1
must remember myself your Father, as well
as King ; and consider you as my Successor, as
well as Subject: The good Old Monarch
pointed again to a Chair on his Right
Hand, [nor would be content, or proceed
in his Discourse till Antiochus was seated:
Then turning himself a little round on
the Throne, Prince, says he, can you nourish
an Hope, that I will consent to this rigorous

Departure your Sollicitations bave so pursued?

If I must of necessity share the Torments

of your Disquiet, believe it is a Pain which

T prefer to your Absence: At least permit me
the pleasure of seeing you, and to make that
Advantage the Consolation of my Years, But
3s it possible that nothing can relieve you?
Cannot a Monarch, whose Power is so extenfroe
as to make a Hundred Kings jealous of
bis Glory, do nothing for you to allay this Sorrow?
My Lord, replies the Prince, I am
condemn'd by my self, and have nothing to
plead in Excuse to ydur Majesty. *Tis my
Diflemper imposes the Exile I would aspire
to; and I blush that, by this fatal Chagrine,
1 must interrupt the Triumphs of your bappy
Destiny. *Tis to spare you the Concern to which

„ ro de So. ] ]5Üwb ⁵ðâ v oa. * FF BK 0s

it sabjefls you —— N would [pare me that

Concern, replies the King hastily, i» disclesing

to me the Cause of your Distemper. He
had, no doubt, proceeded to sift Antiochus
further upon this Subject, had not the instant
Approach of Stratonice interrupted
his Enquiries:

The King, who always at the Sight of
that fair Princess seem'd to throw off his
Age, sprang from his Throne to meet
her ; and grasping her Hand, in an Air
of Tenderness, Madam, says he, how far
have you prevail d? Du bave seen Antiochus
and I have promis d myself much from
your Importunities, Could be be so uncourtly
in bis Trouble, as to be able to conceal from
you, what he seems fond te hide from me?
The- Prince who overheard his Father's
Words, and was not assur'd how far Stratonice
might go in her Answer, resolv'd
by interposing to prevent his Fears. My
Lord, says he to the King, if any Mortal
Care could sooth my Sorrows, the goodness of
the Queen must needs bave succeeded ; but
my Senses are so confus d, and all my Powers
in that Distraction, that the more 1 combat
my Mizsfortunes, the more I feel them grow
upon me. My * Lord, says 3

G9 *' The Loves ef
breaking in upon a Pause which Antiochus
made, the Prince thinks himself destin d to
eternal Anxieties: Yet perhaps it may be easie
to find a Remedy against the Il which so controuls
by Powers: Nor are we to learn to
what we muse have Recourse, when the Heart
s only to be curd of Love. Hiw! says the
King, surpriz d and smiling, Is Love ther
the Oppression which hangs so heavy on the
Prince? What have you said Madam, replies
Antiocbhus to the Queen? Yes, my Lord,
continued she to the King, hx Melancholy
zs the Effect of bis Passun; and his Heart
Foo obstinately jealous of the Secret
Alas! Madam, replies the Prince interrupting
Stratenice, and confessing the most
extreme Confusion and Disorder, Could
1 bave believd. you would have treated me
JT: | : 7 OT REI

The King very easily perceiv'd the
Uneasiness of his Son, tho' he could not
suspect the Cause which aggravated Anriochuss
Fears: He could not form an

Idea of his loving Unworthily, and he
was surpriz'd to find the Prince so unwilling
to / have the Object of his Passion
stand di sclos d. Let it not cost you a Blush,
tfays he, wy Son; if the Discovery of 2

Love makes you asbam d, look round and see
the whole World instav d to keep you in Countenance;
nay, and to authorize what you
esteem a Frailty, behold, your Father with
these hoary Locks pro des bimself a Lover.
However fierce the per, yok of that Passion
are, which has surprix d your Heart, can I
condemn them, while I adore the Queen? And
whilst in loving ber I prefer the Glory of ber
Chains to that of seeing myself Lord of the
Universe? Love then, Antiochus, since" it
is not 4 Crime; but Love with that Discretion
which may give Relief to your Sufferings :
Whatever Beauty it is who bas charm d your
Eyes, you need but let us know her to finish

Jour Sorrows. *

Antiochus, with a low Bow, expressd
the Sense and Acknowledgments he had
of - his Father's Tenderness ; but as his
Passion could not comply with the Measures
prescrib'd him by the King, My Lord,
says he, you interest yourself in my Cause
with too much Goodness; I own, 1 love;
and ] should vainly strive to conceal my Weakness;
your Majesty bas been too far inform
for such an Attempt : but the Relief which
I expect for my Sufferings will depend on Tim;
and -all my Remedy W be to struggle to sub-

100 The Loves of
due my Passion. Ii it possible, reply d the
King, that your Passion fey so ind, yield
And that, when it is autboriz d with so ab-
Jolute a License, you should - fear to allow
yourself .the Priviledge of Hope? Is there 4
Queen, throughout the extended Empires of
Asia, who would disdain the H. nour of having
causd your Pains? Or if it pleases you to
Love in @ lower Rank, chuse 2vbere you will,
and raise her to your Bed, The Tenderness of
our Father consents to your Choice, and you
cannot piteb on one whom you need conceal, —=
Ay Lord, reply d the Prince with a submissive
Voice, all 1 have to do, must be to
controul myself. Nay then, Madam, says
the King turning to Stratonice, who had
begun the Discovery, it is you who must
forward the Cure of #his too discreet Lover:
Da, I presume, know the Remainder of this
Secret? I muff confess, my Lord, reply d
the Queen, I think, 1.do; and may to serve
the Prince disclose it all. — Now, by the Gods
Jet me conjure you, Madam, says Antiochus
kneeling at .her Feet, and taking hold of
her Robe, to say no more; Too much, alas!
Teo much have yen already done in betraying
any Flame ; at least let that Injury bound
any Misfortunes which cannot be retriev d, and
permit me to die without the certain Torment

Antiochus and Stratonice, wor

ef Despair : —— And can I suffer, replies the-
Queen, 4 Prince of so much Hopes, on whons»
the afier Happiness of so many Realms dependi,
to languish even to Death for Love? Would:
not your Royal Father upbraid me with your
Sufferings, and Syria brand me as an Accesfary
to your Ruin? Let me redeem myself from
so foul a Crime, and strive to do your Merits
Fustice in the Discovery, This Picture, my
Lord, continues she, addrefling herself.
to the King, will expliin to you what the
Prince is so desirous of Concealing, and there
Jou will find what Beauty has so strongly:
engag d his Soul, |

The Queen here deliver'd into the:
Hands of Seleucu the Picture which shehad
receivd from those of Antiochas;
whilst the King was employ'd in opening.
the Case, and the perusal of the Painting,
the Prince was in Agonies not to be express'
d; his Face was pale, and his Limbstrembled;
and Despair, Indignation, and
Consciousness of his Passion, which, he
now believ'd, was discover'd, work d his
Spirits aimost to Distraction, Then is my.
Crime, says he, at lenpth laid open 1 Andmy
guilty Love no longer a Secret ! But think,..
my Lord, that Fate, _ bas subjected me.

102 The Loves of

to this cruel Necessity, bas rob d my Duty of
the Glory of being Silent: And to encrease the
Horrcr of my Misfortune, I am not permitted
to die in Innocence, Twas in that Hepe I
soothd my Pains, and tho 1 discover d the
Secret to the Queen, I thought 1 bad reason
ro believe that in ber turn she would assist in
tbe Concealment of my Passion. But the Discovery
which she has made demands my Punishment;
proncunce my Sentence, Sir, and do
your self Fust ice. That Banishment which 1
pressd for, and concluded your Interest, is now
warranted by my Presumption, and must become
my Doom ! ——=

Selencus, who had fully discover'd that
the Picture was a Resemblance of his
Niece Arfince, and could alone be designed
for her, could not understand the Mystery
of his Son's Passion, or why the
Modesty of a Virtuous Love should so
obstinately covet a Concealment; he
concluded, that Antzochus regarded her
as the Daughter of his Unkle, a Person
too near him in Blood to take to his Bed,
without the Suspition of committing Incest
in her Embraces: Or that looking
upon her as the Mistress of Tigranes, he

was loth to rob his Friend of such a Treasure,

Antiochus and Stratonice. icg:
sure, and especially a Friend to whom he
had been oblig'd for the Saving of his Life.
The Old Monarch, who dwelt on this
Idea, could not but admire at the Nicetyof
the Prince's Honour; when clasping:
him round with his aged Arms, he cried
aloud, O untxampled Virtue! O Scul, too
rigidly Noble Talk not, my Antiochus, of
Crimes or B,nishment ; and tho your scrupulous
Regards ba ve ppos d your Flame, you hate
too long already debarr d it of Hope: Let your
Father warrant hen of Success, and Love.
b:re-frer without a Fear.

The Prince, who was yet in the Dark,
as to the mistake of the Picture, and
could not suspect but Seleucus's Words were
in Relation to Stratonice, stood confounded '
at the surprizing Generosity of his Father,
who could consent to resign the beauteous
Charmer he so fervently ador'd: Rut as
he had an Heart, which could not sufferto
be outdone in Generosity, recovering
himself from that Amaze, which for sometime
had kept him Silent, My Lord, says
he, would you for me put yourself under that
bard Restraint? But, rather than abuse such.
Extravagance of Goodness, I could wish the
Pains, I have too much merited, were doubled

104 The Loves of |
on me! I could prefer to Die, rather than
give my Father that Disquiet! The good
Old Monarch, who still interpreted all
the Prince said to His Sentiments of exalted
Honour, reply'd; 1 knw, my Son,
what your great Sul prescribes to you: Am
to learn pour Obligations to Tigranes, for
the Life be sav d? But the length of yt ur
Sufferings, and the Struggles you have made
apainst this Passion, whatever he has done
Fr you, have discharg d your Gratitude : Nu
hive tuo amply paid him for that faithful
Service. The Prince was still more and
more surpriz'd to hear his Father run
on that Strain, My Lord, reply'd he, 1 am
in little Fear, that any thing should weaken
the Merits of bis Service in my thoughts; but
wherefore does your Highness now remind me
4 these Obligations to Tigranes ? Because,
says the King again, I think your Sense
of Retribution goes too far; but leave it to your
King to transact for you with him. Come
bither, Tigranes; Is your Heart capable of
some great and generous Effort, to redeem ꝓcur
Prince from the Torment which oppresses bim?
My Royal Lord, replies the Favourite,
there is not a Drop of Blood in my Veins, which
J would not shed for the Prince's Service; and
I should be proud at such a Price to testify

my Respect. Ve have at length, says the

King, penetrated into bis Sorrows; and tho

with the extremest Care he has conceal d their

Cause, yet all is discover d: Shall I tell you,
Tigranes? The Prince is in Love: And
his Flame, which be bas still (mather'd in

Silence, has causd all the Grief which hangs
so. heavy on bim: Now since his only Remedy
depends on Arsinoe, "tis necessary that our
Friendship resign ber to bis Passion: And that ©
their auspicious Nuptials, from to Morrow's

Dawn, restore bim that Repose, which le
can only receive from possessing ber.

Whilst 7:grancs stood thunderstruck with
this dreadful Proposition, Antiocbus was
no less surpriz'd to conjecture what his
Father drove at; What I, my Lord, says.
the Prince with a Vehemence which confels'd
his Astonishment, desire the Princess !
Gods.! Did I mourn for ber Possession ! Tigranes,
— His Misfortunes move him to
Distraction, replies the King; I know you -
are loth to ravish from bim a Treasure so dear
to bis Eyes and Soul; but consider, Antiochus,
your Life and Welfare are precious to the States .
Whatever deep Concern this Shock may gixe
him, to preserve your Days, he'll know wh t
Resolutions become his Loyalty. Let me IT

106 be Loves of

for bus Zeal, who am so largely acquainted
with bu Faith. My Life and Fortunes are
owing to my King, replies Tigranes, and
he. may dispose of both at his Pleasure. Tu
an Abuse, an Error, my Friend, says the
Prince to the Favourite ; By all the Powers.
of Heaven, youll wrong my Friendship, to
_ 4 Thought of Antiochus's being your

Whilst the Prince was thus labouring
to: convince Tigranes, how distant the
Love of Ar/ince was from his Heart ; the
King, interposing, produc'd the Picture
which he had receiv'd from the Hands
of Stratonice, Prince, says he, yow do too
much Violence to your Passion, let this at once
explain it: Bebold, I restore you the Picture
of Arsinoe, the possession of so charming a
Pledge is ever to be prix d. The Prince,
receiving it at his Fathers Hands, was
surpriz d to see the Resemblance of Arsinoe,
instead of the Queen's, which the
Case inclos'd when he lost it first, and
which he firmly thought he had deliver'd
to Stratonice. I am amazd, and confounded,
says the Prince, a Chance so unforeseen,
strikes me dumb with Confusion ! =-— The Excess
of bis Fey for the Discovery, _—_—

the King, has even overcome his Senses ;
but, thanks to the Gods, I bave no more to

fear for the Safety of my Antiochus !——

Madam, continued he, turning about to
Stratonice with Pleasure, tis to vn, Fowe
the Rise of my. Satisfaction, to your happy:
Importunities are we indebted for the Rnowledge
of his Passion ;; disdain not then to perfect
the Work you ve begun with such Saccess. .
And since we must inform the Princess of ber-
Admirer, be kind, and prepare her, by an:
early Discovery, to receive bis. Love...

The Picture had made too strong Impressions
on the Thoughts of the King;
for Antiochus, however he labour'd to.
convince him, to perswade him to retract
the Imagination he had form'd;
the most vehement Denials and Protestations
against it, were lost in his Ear:
He was deaf to all which contradicted
the Opinion. he had entertain'd with
Pleasure: , He resolv'd to bless his Ant iobus
with Ar/ince, and could not believe
ovght else was wanting to crown his
Happiness. Come let me lead thee, my Charmer,
to the Princess, says the transported
Monarch; let us prevent the future Languisments
ef a Lover : And let the Impatiince of /

108 The Loves of

my Desires teach me to be just to the Passion
of my Son. As the King was eager to
hurry her away, Madam, If I may be
believ'd, says the Prince; — When
the interrupting him with hast, said, A4
Lord, no more alarm yourself : Your Addresses
for the Princess will have Charms enough to
remove any Difficulties : And if I bave any
Influence to promote your Wishes, my Promise
i past, and I will serve you to my Power,

Antiochus would fain have reply'd to the
Queen, but Seleucus, who urg'd her Departure
with him, would not permit
them a longer Conference: When the
King and Stratonice were retir'd, Tigranes
seem d no less desirous of drawing off the
Prince, to assure him, that tho he ador'd
the fair Ar/ince even to Distraction, he
would resign her without Reluctance,
to his Highness's Arms; and count it
an Advantage in his Fortune, that he
could give so strong a Testimony of the
Respe&t which he bore the Prince. Antiochus,
who. was too uneasie in his
Thoughts to debate the Matter over with
Tigranes, to balk the Opportunity which
the Favourite was prefling to. embrace,
cross'd the Chamber, and clos d in Discourse

course with the Youthful Ariobarxanes.
It happen'd, that Philip the Governor

whom Seleucus had empow'rd to manage

his Affairs in Cappadocia, and collect the
Subsidies of that conquer'd Province, had
abus'd his Authority by aggrieving the
Land, and pieling the Subject with unwarranted
Exactions. The whole Country
groaning under the Burthen of this.
severe Deputation, Prince 'Ariobarzanes
was sent to Antioch, in part to attend
the Solemnity af the Syrian Monarch's
Nuptials, but more particularly to complain
of his Country's Injuries and her
Governor's Extortions. Antiocbus took
the Occasion of this Subject to address the
Young Cappadocian, and acquainting him
that he had seen the Memorial presented.
by him to bis Father, Prince, says he,
depend on my Friendship in your Service; and
believe, that if Seleucus has been deceiv d
in the Character of bis Deputy, be will bave
se much Regard to his own Glory, as to demand.
an Account of the Offenders Conduct; and
such a Tenderness for a faithful Province,
which does bim Homage, and depends on bit
Protection, as to redeem her from the present
Oppression, and do her 4 future Falls in
Substituting a better Governor. n

— OAT. a *

110 The Loves o/

who had a particular Esteem for the
Prince, could not but be Proud of his
Interest in redressing the Grievances of
his Country. My Lord, replies he, my
Heart is full of Acknowledgments to your
Highness! And I could wish my Fate would
put it in my Power, that I might discharge .
myself of the Debt your generous Favours bave
drawn upon me, Cappadocia owns herself
a Dependant on your Empire, and struggles
not to throw off the Yoak of her Subjection.
Our Homage and Tribute are paid with Pleasure,
and we glory in the Protection of your
Imperial Father, But we may be sufferd to
groan beneath such Oppressions, as, we know,
our Victor is too generous to impose. Permis
me, my Lord, to 75 that Philip is an unworthy
Substitute to the Great Seleucus, that he
is a Traytor to the Fame of that glorious Monarch,
and a Disgrace to the Authority which -
froald adorn bim. Tis from him alone that
we appeal; from Vice, Oppression, and detested
Avarice; from Invasuns' of Privilege,
which make our Vassallage galling, and opprobrious
Give us but a Man, who will hold
the Reins of Power steady, and we will bug
our Chains, and smile at Bondage! The.
Prince's Soul was mov'd with Pleasure,
to ses the Other so justly sir'd: with the
9 | | Wrongs.

Wrongs of his Country; when embracing
him with all the Eagerness of Affection,
My Gallant Friend, says he, I am cbarm d
with your Resentments, such Indignation saits
the Quality of your Birth and Fortune ; Princes
should feel the Sorrows of their Subjects; and,
when the Sword is sheath d against Redress,
they should' be bravely just in pleading against
those Wrongs, which the Chance of War has
fatally depriv'd them of the Right of removing.
Our Souls should neither be tam d by Force,

nor Fortune; or our Spirits. bow'd, and aw'd

by Conquest, to wink at Injustice. Think
not I flatter thee, Noble Ariobarzanes, in
admiring thy Worth 5 rather let me be thought
to flatter myself, when I confess with pleasure,
that in thee, as in a Glass, I see those Virtues,
which I have made my Triumph to put in
Practise: And so much do ] court the Honour
of your Friendship, that, (let the Powers of
Heaven be Witness to my Truth!) were my
Royal Father dead, (which the same Gods.
avert !) and I on his Throne, I would not owe
thy Love to Rights. of Conquest; but break
the base Dependence, set Cappadocia free
from the uneasie Tributary Thraldom, and
be a Sniter to you for your Friendship. Till
then, let all the Offices within my Power,
confirm thee in the thought, that Antiochus

speaks

112 The Loves of

speaks the very Purpose of his Soul; and
When my Tongue belies my Heart, let: Chains,
and Infamy, and the sewerest Plagues of. angry
Heav'n be showr d down upon my treacherous

The Young Cappadocian was so transported
with the generous Professions of
the Prince, that his Eyes swam in Tears
of Joy, and his Heart was so big with
Sentiments of Gratitude, that he was
scarce able to give his thoughts Utte-

Trance: When embracing Antiochus with

the most eager Passion, Permit me, says
he, My Lord, to call you Brother ! — The
Prince returning his Embrace with equal
Affection, From this moment, says he, I
esteem thee such; and would the indulgent
Gods had thought fit to bave allyd us as.
strongly in Blood, as our Fortunes may in
Love. But you are yoakd with a Wretch,
my Brother, whose Sorrows and Society may
be contagiomw. I have a load of Distress on

Spirits, whose Burthen I would not have.
thee feel; and which, in participating, thou
could ft not ease, O Ariobarzanes, if thou.

wowld ff labour to secure thy Happiness, guard.

thy Eyes, and Soul against Beauty. There.
are venom d Arrows shot from Women's E 7

which will poison the Ease and Tranquility
of thy Mind. Love « attended with a Thows .
sand Tortures ; bis Empire, like Death, is
supported by Pain, and Agonies: And where
be makes bis Conquest, be fails not to oppress
bis Slaves with Anxiety, debar tbem of Repose,
wreck them with Fealousie, if not fink them
at once into Despair. Whilst Antiocbus was
discoursing on this Subject, a sudden
Gloom oerspread the Cappadocian; his
Eyes sparkled not with the usual Fire;
his Countenance was chang'd, and his
Bosom heav'd with Sighs of Sorrow.
The Prince soon perceiv'd the Alteration,
and fearing he had influenc'd Ariobarzanes
with his Distress; Let not, says
he, the Griefs of Antiochus work too potently
on thy generow Heart. Why. dost t boa
droop- with this sudden Sadness? Wherefore
have these Sighs, like Tempefts, heav'd thy
Breast ; and those big Drops, that course each
other down thy Cheeks, have burst a Passage
thro' thy Eyes? I must accuse my GY of
Injustice, if they bave wrought on the 1emfer
of my Brother. O Antiochus ! Our

Souls are allyd; replies the Other, and
there is a Sympathy in all our Passions. Think
me not a Stranger to the Force of Beauty :
Or that this Breast has not felt the Influences

114 The Loves of

of Love. Ha! —— says the Prince, with
an Air of Surprize which testified his
Pleasure, And b'st thou loud, my Ariobarzanes?
O then come closer yet to this
faithful Heart, and let me clasp thee till we
incorporate; may I not be told the Story of
thy Loves; may I not know her Name and
History; and in thy Description learn to
adore the absent Beauty, whose Charms could
fre the Besom of my Friend? Believe me,
I burn with Impatience, till i am inform d;
Come, let us retire to some Scene of Solitude,
to whispering Trees, and murmuring Brooks,
to Shade that seem alone design d for Lovers,
and there interchange cur Souls to each other.
My Lord, says Ariobarzanes sighing, tho'
the Relation must refresh my Sorrow, yet 1
will recite the melancholy Tale, to gratify
your Desires : Since there is a Balm in the
pity of a Friend, which can soften, if not heal
Afﬀiition, Lead me, my Lord, to that sylvan
Scene you mentiond; which may, perhaps,
resemble the Recess, where first I beheld the
Charming Maid; whose dear Remembrance
is treasur d in my Soul, and Death alone can
erase the Impressions of ber. |

It was obsery'd that, tho none of the

Court had overheard the Discourse -

the Princes, this Conference with the
Cappadocian had infus d a Vigour into
Antiochus, more than had been perceiv'd
since his Return from Macedon,
There was an apparent Sprightiness in
his Face, and Motion; his Youthyul
Ardour seem'd restor'd to a Miracle,
and his Eyes sparkled with unusual Lustre.
Tho' all could not but wish to
receive the Endearments which he paid

to Ariobarzanes, yet none wish'd those -

Favours to the Youthful Foreigner less,
or envied their Friendship, since it gave
the Presage of so happy a Change in their
ador'd Antiochus.

The Prince had now thrown his Arm
cross the Wast of Ariobarxanes, and prepar'd
to lead him thro' the Anti- chambers
to his own Apartment: But the Page
of the Cappadocian met them as they were
retiring, and inform'd his Master, some
Dispatches were arriv'd from his Royal
Father, which requird his immediate

Attendance, Then 1 muff be content to

lose you for a while, says the Prince ; Cruel
Business has broke in upon cur Intention ; but
Love, and Friendship, must resign to Duty:

When you are released, let me see you in my
Apart-

1176 The Loves of

Apartment, where I will wait your coming
with Impatience: The Prince retir'd, as
soon. as Ariobarxanet had promis d him,
that nothing but the utmost Necessity

of Business should detain him from. Returning.

Antiochus was no sooner retir'd to his
Chamber, but the Gloom again return'd

on his Spirits; he sat him down pensive
at his Table, and fell to reflecting on

the fatal Error, to which his own Rashness
had that Day contributed. He began
now to accuse himself of Indolence
and Folly, for having surrendred the
Case to Stratrmice, and not first himself
examin'd the Picture, the sight of which
usd to give him Pleasure. He now began
too late to recollect, that when
he receiv'd it back from the Hands of
the Princess Arsinoe, she desir'd to. resume
the Painting it contain'd: He was
at a loss to conjecture the Meaning of

his Cozen's Exchange, or why she had

not explain'd herself at yielding it to
his Possession. Upnfortunare Antiochus /
How hast thou incurr d the Wrath of the
Gods? says he : The cruel Dest inies are leagu'd
against thee; and all the Powers of Heaven
combin d

1 50 ü, DS D

combin d to thy Destruct ion. Have 1 a Hope
of Happiness or Relief? —— Do not Despair
and Misery attend me? And what but Death
can be the Period of my Sorrows? Wherefore
do 1 then protract Anxiety, and linger out
Days in renewing Torments ? Is there 4
oy in Life, which can recompence for the
Pains I suffer? Am I not doom'd, like Pro-
metheus, o 4 State of perpetual Anguish?
Distradting Cares, like greedy Vultures, prey
on my Vitals, and destroy my Ease. Then
Die, Antiochus, and redeem thyself from
Misery.; take Arms against the Violence of

thy Fortune; and shew the Gods that yon despise

their Gifts, when season'd with such
Tortures.— What ha st thou said, Rash Man?
Recal thy wandring Thoughts, and know thy

self: Ne righteous Powers, forgive my impious
Frenzy! And thou, Eternal Jove, in whose
disposing Hand are all the Fates of Martals,

bear not.a Wretch whom Griefs have wrought

to Madness. 1 bow me to your Sacred Will;

and count my Sufferings Fust, since all the
Events of Pleasure or Distress are Heaw'n's
Award. And, Oh! Forgive me too, my
Royal Father ; forgive this guilty Son, who
careless of thy Age and tender Love, harbour d
4 Thought which would destroy thy Peace;
perhaps, wntimely bring thy hoary Locks with.
Sorrow |

118 The Loves of

Sorrow to the Shades of endless Night. Seleucus
could not bear thy Absence, and would |
thou wound him with thy Death: Rash and
Ungrateful | —— |

The Prince here folded his Arms, and
pausd; then with distemper'd Speed
walk'd cross his Chamber, as if with
the Rapidity of his Motions he would
extinguish Thought, or aim'd at expressing
the Hurry of his Soul. Then again he
stop'd short on the sudden, and cry'd to
himself, It shall be so: Tl let the Fair
One know the cruel Error of ber Compassion ;
and I, who but now declin d the meeting her
lovely Eyes, will beg an Interview. He
here again sat himself down at his Table,
and ftrove to compose himself for his
Epistle: He more than once essay'd to
begin, and condemn'd his Thoughts almost
as soon as he gave them Birth ; and
wrote, and disapprov'd, and then again
resum'd the Subject which he had rejected:
At last, o'ercoming his Irresolution, he

penn'd the following Letter to the

Queen, |

Antiobbs

wd bis fs

Antuchus to Stratoxice.

Madam,

Know not whether I am to thank,

or accuse you for your fatal Kindness;
since the Zeal you exprels in the
Compassion of my Sufferings, being
grounded on an Error turns to their Aggravation,
I conld in a Word convince
you of the Mistake, but my Silence on
that Head will give you least Uneasiness,
and acquic me of a Crime which might
attend the Confession. The King's Transports
hurried him so far, that he would
not lend an Ear to my Protestations ;
or suffer me to clear mylelf from the
Imputation of admiring the Princess.
Permit me only to conjure you, Madam,
no farther to interest yourself in my
Cause, till I have been bless'd with the
Opportunity once more of seeing you.
Perhaps my next Conference with your
Highness may assure you better of the

Cause of my Distress. I own, that I

am indebted to Arsinoe for part of my
Sufferings ; but wherein, I beg to defer
till I am fayour'd with an ag, 7

120 The Lover of

But, as your Soul is endued with Pity,
or as you believe me capable of Honour,
entertain not à Suspition that 1 Love
the Princess. I wish the Secrets of my
Heart stood reveal'd to you; or that
you could divine, without my Discovery,
the Passion of

Antioc bus.

When the Prince had finish'd, and
seal'd up his Letter, he call'd his Favourite
Page Philotas; and orderd him, with
Secrecy and Speed to deliver it to the
Queen. Antiochas had no small. Regard
for this Youthful Servant, who was descended
of a Noble Extraction, by Birth
a. Persian, and the Son of a Lady who
stood high in the Favour of Apamia, his
Imperial Mother. The Circumstance
was no trivial Recommendation for him
to his Master's Love, who so dearly reverenc'd
his Mother's Memory: And the
Youth ow'd so much to Nature and Education,
that he was furnish'd with Accomplishments
which endear d him to the
Prince. He had a Sprightliness in his
Look, which gave no little Evidence of

his Capacity: And such a winning way

ns. RL 4A zz _,

In his Mien and Behaviour, as made him
taken Notice of by all the Court, and
as generally admicd: He was now enering
on his Fourteenth Year, had attain'd
to an Eminent Perfection in Musick,
and was happy in a Voice and Manner
of Singing, which, like that of Orphew,
might have charm'd Savages to
Attention, and sooth'd the Severity of
the Infernal Powers. The Prince's IIlness,
and Affection to Solitude, had
slacken'd much the Attendance of Philotæ,
and given him leisure of playing about
the Palace: yet was he not oftner dilcharg'd
from Waiting, than Stratonice,
who was not unacquainted with his Talents,
summon'd him to entertain her
wich his Harmony. When the Prince
had deliver'd him his Letter and Orders,
and the Page was retiring to execute
them, he stop'd short; and, My Lord,

says he, If I cannot have Access to ber

Highness, may I inrust your Letter with
Laodice? Fear not, my Boy, replies the
Prince stroaking him, but yen shall find
Admittance to the Queen; yet wherefore it
eur Confidence reposd on Laolice? My.
Lord, says the Page, I have Obligations

to that Lady, and Gratitude perswades me

22 The Loves of ©

to bave an Opinion of ber Fidelity. Obligation!
Philotas, as bow'? says the Prince:
Have a Care of the Treachery of that subtle
Sex: Their Faveurs, my Boy, are the Preludes
to their Designs ; 'tis their Artifice to
dab over Destruction with Kindness; and
be free of their Smiles when they mean to ruin.
Take heed, or they will first impose on your
Inexpe rience, and then mock your Simplicity.
My Lord, said he, I will treasure up your
Caution in my Remembrance; but bope J
have no reason to suspett any Hurt intended
me, in ber Favours: She cannot have Designs
en my Fortune, who have no Dependance but
on my Duty being acceptable to your Highmess
and her Conquest will be but slight
imposing on the Understanding of a simple
of [LDN

The Prince who could not but be
pleas'd at the Readiness and acute Reply
of Philotas, turn'd his Head aside, and
smil'd to himself; then again assuming

his wonted Gravity, But tell me, says he,

wherein has Laodice: oblig d thee? My Lord,

says the Page, sbe bas often condescended

F0 entertain me in Discourse; calls me her
Jdittle Favourite, is lavish in the Praise of
ny Voice and Singing, and taught me a Song

%%% Poo FRE ᷣ¶ò⁵;l ⁊ e ag

to divert the Queen with. Nay, then, 1
confess, she merits thy Opinion, replies the
Prince; if she recommend thee to the Queen,
count her Favours as Blessings, The Queen,
Philotas, & a Mine of Virtue ; she # a Mirror
in which the World may gaze at Perfection,
and learn thence to copy it into their Lives
and Actions. View ber, my Boy, as one
design'd by Heaven for Adoration; and let
the Awe of her Presence be a Check to thy
Levity. But let me hear the Song which
Laodice has taught thee; thou art indebted
to ber good Nature for such Improvements,
The Prince had no sooner ended, bur
Philotas, who was all Obedience, with
his usual Sweetness and Delicacy warbled
over the following Song. |
N thou greatest Joy or Anguish,
As the God has aim'd his Dart;
Now thou mak'st the Virgin languish,
Now thou chear'st her drooping Heart.

Gentle Cupid ! Aid the Fair,
Of such heavenly Charms poslest ;
Save her from, that Fiend, Despair ;
Grant the Swain who fires her Breast.
WS III.

124 be Loves of

Youth is made for Love and Pleasure,
Equal Years alone engage;

Beauty is a buried Treasure,

When tis link'd with frozen Age.

The Prince was a little startled at
the Close of this Song, and frown'd, and
walk'd about with an inward Discontent ;
at length, said he, Learn to forget it, Philotas,
the Words are vile, and saviur of
Malice: It will dislike the Queen. My
Lord, replies the Boy, she did mot seem
to be displeasd at hearing it. Ha! — says
the Prince, interrupting him something
hastily ; hast thou already sung it to Stratonice?
The Boy, frighted at the Prince's
Earnestness in asking, and fearing he had
ignorantly incurr'd his Displeasure, fell
on his Knees, and bursting into Tears,
My Lord, says he, I fear my Folly bas
Aeserv d your Anger, and I dare not answer
there # a Terror in your Eyes, which oppresses
me with Dread; and if I bave offended,
Jet me Die by your Resentment, rather than
live, and droop under your Displeasure. The
Prince with Tenderness raited him from
the Ground, Ne, says he, my Philotas,

Antiochus au Stratonice. 125

I blame not thee, but must condemn Laodice
of Presumption : Tet, tell me, hast thou sung
it to the Queen? My Lord, replies the
Boy, I have; and more than once been call d
upon to sing it to ber. And how bas she
receiv d it? says the Prince again, bast
thou obsery'd no Chinge in her Countenance,
no signs of Indignation at its Meaning ©
My Lord, says he, my Teuth and Ignorance
rust not pretend to interpret Impressions, but
if I durst conjeffure -— Proceed, my Bo,
replies the Prince wich an Impatience,
which seem'd to expect some pleasing.
Discovery from Philotass Constructions;
The Words might give ber Pain, says the
Boy, but not Resentment; I have observ d
her to fit, as, Tve read, tanguishing Lovers
arensd ; with her Head reclined on ber Arm,
and her Eyes bent downwards to the Earth. ©
I have seen her sigb, as in th Extremity
of Sadness; and shed such Tears, as swell d
my Breast with Pity, and almost drown'd -
the Utterance of my Song. I have been glad
to get dismiss d, and run somewbere unseen:
to vent my struggling Sorrow.

Whilst Pb;jlotas was giving this Description
of her Emotions, the Prince
seem'd to be struck. with a sympathetick

G7 Grief :

126 The Loves of

Stief: The little Colour, his Illness
had left him, now fled at once from
his Cheeks: His Face grew Pale, and
his Eyes were o'ercast with Heaviness :
His Arms were folded, and his Boscm
swell'd with smother'd Sighs: Till reflecting
that his Page, who could make
such Observations on the Carriage of
Stratonice, might be as quick in discovering
his Disorder ; he labour'd to throw
eff the Gloom, and again address'd
Philotar. And does she ever wouchsafe to
talk with thee, my Bey? says the Prince.
ft freely, and often; replies the Page:
I am indibted to her Goodness for Counsel,
which I am sure must make me Happy : She
tel me, My Lord, that my Duty # founded
en Gratitude ; and that in being disobedient,
1 must either forget, or not acknowledge the
Kindness of my Benefattor: Then she does
edmonish me, in the most pressing Terms, to
regard yen with the utmost Diligence of Service;
so consider a Look, or Nod, as a Command;
to execute your Orders with such Speed
and Fidelity, that the Execution may seem
more my. Delight than Business. And then,
My Lord, will' she inforce my Duty withrhe
Praise of your Virtues —— Ha! An

thou grown 4 Flatterer, Philotas ? wag! :

cby Honesty, replies the Prince, as thoxwould
st my Favour: Inform me stritly, does
the Queen so frequently remember me in ber
Discourse? Ny Lord, says Philotas, looking
with some Concern that the Prince should
suspect his Truth, I must fear indeed, I am
waining in your Highness s Favour, when [
must recommend my self by Lies and Flattery.
So.. may my honest Services be pleasing to you,

as all I've said, is rue: My Lord, she speaks
of you, as you of ber; only her Praises are

more particular, and more Extensive: She
paints you out at length a finishd Hero, the
Favourite of Heaven, and wonder of Mankind

Were you ber Brother, Sir, or something ©
more (Such pleasure glitters in ber Eyes,

when she speaks of you,) she could not do it

with more pure Affection.

Tit well, Philotas, replies the Prince,
I am indebted to the Queem for ber Opinion;

but think, my Boy, her lavish Praises are

defignd but to excite thy Duty. Yet I baue

trifled with thee; Go, deliver my Letter to

ber fair Hands, and wait till she dismiss -
thee, The observant Boy, with a low

Bow, hasten'd from his. Presence to execute

his Orders; and left the Prince

employ'd with pleasing Reflections on
the Queen, and even lost in Thoughs

thing 10 diftuy

128 The Loves of

to what Cause to attribute the Extravagance
of her Praises.

Anticcbay had Time to make but short

Reflections, der the Young Cappadecien
enter'd his Apartment: The Prince flew
to meet him with eager Pleasure; and
Wellcome; said he, my Ariobarzanes, to
these longing Arms; The quickness of your

Return has given me an Assurance of pour

Love, and Friendship ; and there is a Chear-
Yalnefs in your Locks, which leaves me room to

bepe your * age from Home bring nothe

Bosom of my Friend.
Nothing, my Brother, replies Arjobartanes
to the Prince, but what shews the Fustice
F the righteow Gods, aud will not displeasa
the generows Antiochus e Heaven bas took
Cave of balf of our Petitions, and Custom and

Necessiry will now oblige Seleucus to grant

the Remainder of them, What means my
Friend? says the Prince again: The Man
who cant d aur Sufferings, replies the Cappodocian,
bas at length reveng d them on bimself.

Philip, our Governor, is now no more;

and I, in pity of bis Misfortunes, must forgive
lim. Hi died be then, replies the

Prince? But woefully, My Lord; says

the Cappadocian again; and 4 *

of Heaven's Vengeance en a wretched Cri”
minal, My Royal Father sends me Mord,
that a severe Distraction bad seix d bim; thats
like Orestes, the Conscience of his Crimes
made him conceive the Furies haunted him:
That he would start from hs Bed with A
fright, and quit the Tribunal in all the Agonies
of Fear and Confusion : At last tir d out withthe
Horrar of his Imaginatians, he cry d, He
would obey the Summons of the Wrathful
Gods, and, drawing his Sabre, sheath d
it in his Body.

It à an End indeed, says Antiochas sigliing,
which demands our Pity, as well asminifters
to our Instruction. Nature and
Inflintt point us to cur Duty, and recommend
the prattise of those Virtues, which Art and
Letters bave reduc'd into Laws: And when:
we deviate from these inbred Institutions, the-

Hand of Heaven either corrects our Frailties,

or makes oursel ves the Instruments of its dirs
Decrees. But no more of that, My Brother ;
I bave a promis d Story to demand of thee.
Thy Loves, Ariobarzanes, have filld me
with Expectation ; and 1 burn with Desire to
learn the Fate of thy Passion. Come, let us.
retire ta the Scene, which suits a Tale of Love
and Laugnishmens, Beleld! The Silver Mocn

130 The Loves of

fits bigh in her Meridian, and darts ber trembling
Light down on the Groves : Each Breath

Wind is hash'd, and aweful Silence reigns to
Men to thy Voice: We'll lay us down on

Nature i Verdant Carpet, on the high Banks

of Jon refreshing Stream, and wear out Night
zn Love, and mutual Sorrows !

The Ptince, as he was pronouncing

the last Words, open'd the Door of his

Apartment which. led down into the

Groves he so much admir'd ; then clasping
round the Young Cappadocian, invited
him to the delightful Solitude. The

Evening was Serene, and Pleasant, as. Antiochus
had express d it; there was searce

aà Breeze of Air stirring, but all was so

still that the very Aspin Leaves had hardiy

any Motion. No Noise was heard but
af - the Murmuring of the Brooks, aud
the distant Warblings of the tuneful

Nightingale. As they advanc'd onwards
towards the Poplar Shades, the gleams

of Moonshine, darting thro" the tall Trees,

made the. Walks below look like a vast
and spacious Arbour, supported by frequent
Rows of Pilasters. Behind the

Grove ran a quiet stream; which glitter'd

with. the full Reflexions of the uninterrupted

rupted Light; and look ' d like another

fabled Paclolus, inrich'd with Sands of
floating Gold. Ariobarzanes stood still

with Admiration of the delicious Prospect;

This is indeed, says he, a Scene of Grateful

Solitude! Why may not we presume that such.@

is wanting here, to inspire neu Passion,, or asfit

Delights? Tm obarm d, transported with

Retreat is the Abode of Lovers in Elizium?
What can the Bounty F tbe Gods supply, that -

this Gaiety of Wildness! So much are Art

and Regularity outdone by this Deshabils -
of Nature, if I may call it such. . The Prinee

was pleas'd, to find his. Friend so enamour'd

with the Place, and leading him

thro' the Grove to the Brook, Let this:
Bank, said he, be our Bed of Repose ; and
let my. Ariobarzanes repeat the History f bis-
Passion. They immediately fat themselves. .
down. on the plenteous. Herbage ; and
the Cappadocian, in Compliance to the.

Prince's Wishes, began as follows,

Know then, ½ Friend, that»as* soon
as I was arrivd at my Twentieth Year,
it was the Pleasure of my Rcyal Father,

that should make the Tour of our own

Dominions: (whether he had desgned:

that L should grow. acquainted. early wich .

132 The Loves of

my future Kingdom, or that he intended
I should ingratiate Myself to his most
distant Subjects, I cannot determine: It
was sufficient for me, to know it was his
Will; and knowing to render it an implicit
Obedience.) When I set out from
Court, I took my Jonrney Eastward,
as by Direction; and visited the several
Places which lay along the extended
Skirts of Taurus, which parts, you know,
our Confines on that Side, from those
of Armenia: When I had coafted by that
long and continued Ridge of Mountains,
J continued my Travels Northward on
Euphbrates's Banks, till they brought me
almost to the Coast, which then runs
Westward, and is wash'd by the Euxine
Sea. I made no little Halt at —
a City of some Eminence in our Cap
docia, and of ample Trade from the
nefit of its Scituation, where I was treceiv
d with a Respect suitable to the Heir
of a Monarch, and Ceremonies perform'd
with that Air of Pleasure, as left me not
to doubt but they wish'd my Residence
there of a longer Date. Parting from
them, 1 kept on thro' the Villages which
brought me in a Line to Lemcosyria, a
Place which lyes near the Sources * the
Wer |

into this desart Forest, Myself and the

Marks of Humane Foot-steps, and we

River Ther moodon, so famous of Old for
the Amazonian Heroines. Having cross'd
that Stream, I was to hold on my Way
to Amasæa, the last Stage of my Travels,
with which J shall trouble your Attention.

In the Neighbourhood of this Place
was it, my Antiochus, Where first I view'd
the beauteous Cause of my Happiness,
and Sorrow. The Approach to that
Town, even from the Banks of Thermoodon,
is thro' wild and desolate Woods,
of wide Extent, which way soever you
bend your Course. As I advanc'd deep

Train, which attended me in my Progress,
were frequently alarm'd with the faint
Ecchoes of a distant Shouting : We could
hear enough of the Voice to conclude it
Humane, tho' the Woods gave us no

were too far remov'd from any Towns
to conceive the Sound could reach us
from thence: But our Guide soon gave
our Surprize some Satisfaction, whe inform'd
us the Forests were stor'd with
Tygers, and other Beasls of Prey; who,

inch'd with Cold and Hunger, would

ly down in Numbers upon- the Viilages,

— x ww —

134 The Loves of |

so that the means which the Inhabitants
usd first for their Defence, grew into
a Recreation; and it was usual for them
to go out in Crouds, rouse the Tygers

from their Coverts, and either kill them

on the Spot with their Javelins, or run
— down in the Chase and then - de stroy
them.

We had not gone much further, but

our Eyes were reliev'd by the distant

View of a rising Hill, on the Top of
which appear'd a- House, which by its.
Largeness, and the Magnificence of the

Building, seem'd to promise a fair Reception.
Our Guide, who knew exactly the

way thro” the Woods to Amasæa, could
give us no manner of Information, to

whom this spacious Dwelling belong'd.

From the House all down the Skirts of

the Hill, were planted Rows of stately ,

Trees, which by their Regularity, and
even Distances, made us believe them
rather plac'd by Art than Nature. Below
in the Vale, beneath the shelter of-the

spreading Boughs, we saw Two Persons,

of different,.Sexes, laid as at their Ease:

Their Formes to our Appearance were

as Comely, as their Habits were Rich,
and shew'd Distinction of Quality.

We had but just Time to gaze on these
Objects, e er we heard the Lady shriek
aloud, and rise with her Partner in the
utmost Confusion. As J was yet lost in

Wonder to guess at the Cause, I stop'd
short, and made my Followers do the

same, least our Approach had given-them
that Consternation: I observ'd the Person
who was with her, was preparing to draw
his Sword, and stand on his Defence,
till she by her Behaviour and Motion

seem'd to over-rule him, and . perswade.
that they might make to the House for
Safety. I was not long in suspence as.
to their Danger, e'er I beheld a Tygress,.
of a Mighty Size, with Swiftness running.

amidst the Trees, and driving at them.

Probably the Savage had been rous'd by
the Hunters, and now grown Desperate.
by hard Pursuit, and Weariness in the

Chase, was provok'd to attack whatever
seem'd to bar her Escape.

1 çcould not see the Fierceness and
Speed of the inrag'd Tygress, without.
being ala med at the Danger of- the Lady,

especi-

———̃ͥͤ́ͤBD—.. — - =

136 be Loves of

especially when he, who should have
stood her Protector, had consented to put
both their Safeties on their Flight, and
seem'd to outstrip her in his Coward
Haste of reaching the House for Shelter.
She breathless with climbing the steep
Ascent, and half Dead with the Apprehensions
of the pursuing Savage, fell,
with a scream, prostrate on the Ground.
The Monster, as now secure of her
Prey, flew with redoubled Speed to her

Destruction. I then spurred my Courser

hard, rode up to her Defence; and
dismounting, in the Instant the Tygress

Was preparing to seize her, with my

Sabre drawn bestrod her Body, and lifted
my Arm against the fierce Assailant.

Whether the brightness of my Weapon

flashing in the Savage's Eyes, or that she

was aw'd with the Vigour of my Defence,
retreating some Paces, she flacken'd in
her Assault. Till swelling with the Rage
so peculiar to that Beast, and calling
forth all the spotted Tokens of her Resentment,
with a hideous Roar ihe bounded

at me. I had the Fortune to escape the.
shock of that Onset, when letting drive

full at her Neck, my keen-edg'd Sabre
gavs

—— — 2 prom Mi

ave her such a Wound, as made her
— almost to the Earth. I was about
to compleat my Conquest with a Second
Blow, when the Beast .provok'd, and
grown more fierce with the Anguish of
the Wound, rose upright with Design
to grasp me in her Paws. I befriended
myself what I could with my Agility,
and declining her Weight, which would
otherwise have oppress'd me, as she came
down again, thrust my Blade up to the
Hilts in her Breast. Tho' this Stroke was
Mortal to the Savage, yet the Vehemenee
with -which I had pursued it, had almost
depriv'd'me of the Glory of my Triumph.
For the Beast falling, and in her Agonies
grasping me about the Wast, bore mg
with her to the Ground : But my Attendants,
who happily had by this Time
come up to my Aid, piercing the Monster
with all their Spears, so o'erpower'd
her with Pain, and weaken'd her with
the Number of Wounds, that, expiring
on the Spot, she had but just Strengih to
fix in her Claws, and tear my Side.

My affrighted Servants, soon disenaging
me, raisd me from the Ground,
ome what faint with the Loss of _—_—

738 The Loves of

and Fury of the Conflict. I bad em not
employ all their Care on me, but look
to the Lady; to whom Apprehension
might prove almost as fatal, as the Tygress's
Rage could have been. When
they took her up, they found her Pale;
and Dead to Appearance. I had not
till that Moment discern'd her Face; and,
O Antiochus ! Would thy Friend had never
seen her Beauties. (Here Ariobarzaner,
wiping his Eyes which overflow'd with
Tears, paws'd for a while.) Tho' then
she was in a Swoon, tho' all the Lustre
of her Eyes was clouded, tho' all the
Roses in her Cheeks were faded, her
Coral Lips pale as her snowy Breast”;

t she had Charms, my Brother! My

lood ran Cold with the delightful Objet;
I felt my Heart beat thick, my
Eyes were fix'd on her, and my whole
Frame alarm'd

Whilst I was surveying her Beauties,
and in a Thousand Fears least that Counterfeit
of Death should have been real,
Manor (for so was the Person calld,
as I afterwards learn'd, who had so infamously
abandon'd her Protection:) Had

with his Clamours alarm'd the *

and was returning encompass'd with a
Croud of Servants, arm'd with Staves,
and Weapons caught up' in the Heat of
their Neceflity, to destroy the Monster.
The Virgin was just recovering from her
Trance, and' amaz'd to find herself suported
in the Arms of Strangers; nor
fes astonish'd' to see me bleeding, and
the fierce Savage dead upon the Plain.
F'er she could know to whom she ow'd
her Safety, Nicanor advancing embrac'd
her with more Joy to find her preserv'd,
than Gratitude ro me-who had preserv'd
her. But when the Eagerness of his
Transports were over, turning to me,
Generous Stranger, said he, what Rewards
can recompence such Virtue and such Service?
But you bleed , and your Cure must first be
thought on,

He then gave Orders for our immediate
Conveyance to the House, where Relief
and Acknowledgment would equally attend
us; as we approach'd the Entrance,
I was still more convinc'd, it was the
Residence of some Person of peculiar
Note, since what at Distance seem'd but a
Structure of Magnificence, now- appear'd

to be a Palace fit for a Monarch's Entertainment.

140 The Loves of

tainment. As we pass'd thro' the Port ice“

1 which led to the Hall, I heard the Voice
of a Man in Age, crying, I she safe, or am
I no longer a Father? Satisfie me that my Fears
I are false, or let me Die in Quiet, if they are
trus. We were now entring the Hall,
1 when Nicanor prefling impatiently before
Fl us, My Lord, says he, your Daughter is
return d in Safety; and see, the Noble Stranger,
who, at the Hazard of his Life, ha
restor d her to your Arms.

The Old Man here arose in Transports

to embrace me, when, calling to mind
his Features, 1 perceiv'd it was Oxontes,
who had been my Father's Lieutenant
in Pentws, He knew me, as he advanc'd,
and clasping my Knees, 14 Prince, eryd
he, could all the Services of my Life have
been worth this transcendant Ad of Goodness *
But you Bleed, my Lord; and better bad I,
and my whole Race perish d, than your Safety
should be endanger d by our Protection. I did
what I could to make Orentes dismiss his
Fears, and suffer'd the Phyfitians who
attended me in the Progress, to use their
Skill in stopping the Effusion of my
Blood: I was convey'd, as you may suppole,
into the most splendid e

XS Ja. m OA ̃ ̃̃ ao ao rg

of the spacious Dome ; where my Wound

was dress'd, and I was put to Bed, I
soon found myself so faint with the Loss
of Blood, and so strongly possess'd with
the Image of the fair Creature whom I
had redeem'd, that the Two concurring
Causes threw me into a burning Feaver,
My Phy ficians took all the Pains imaginable
to keep me quiet, and procure me Rest,
nor would suffer any Body to approach
my Bed, or scarce the Door of my Chamber,
to enquire after my Health, for fear
of 1 me. So that I pass'd the
Remnant of the Day, and all the long
succeeding Night in repeated Reflexions
on that happy Adventure, in summin
up the Beauties of my lovely Mistres”
and earnest Wishes for the Recovery of
my Health, that I might again enjoy the
Happiness of her Presence.

Early in the Morning, the good Old
Man, attended with his Daughter, entred
my Room. I perceiv'd him 1
my Bed softly, when putting back the
Curtain, and reaching out my Hand,
Orontes, I am afraid, said I, your Care for
me has raisd you before your usual Hour. My
Lord, said he, kneeling at my Bed-side,

142 The Loves of
ge at best can bope for but short, and broken,

mbers; yet could I not have pardon d
myself, bad 1 given Way to Drowsmess, and
not bave paid my Duty to your Highness,
Ismenia, come near; continued he, addrefling
to his Daughter; and on your
Rnees pay your Acknowledgement to your
Royal Protector. The Obedient Virgin,
with a graceful Blush of Modesty, approach'd
my Bed. And, O Antiochus
My Brother! How did my Heart swell
with Pleasure once more to behold the
charming Maid? Daughter, said the good
Old Man, as she drew nigh, Here are the
Tyes of your Duty multiplied: Your Allegiance
binds you to the strongest Service; but. Gratitude,
and a Life preserv d, at so great a
Price, must enforce and double that Obligation.
My Lord, added he, grasping me by the
Hand, permit the Girl to supply those Offices,
which the Age and Weakness of ber Father
cannot execute, Let it be her Honour, as well
as Pleasure, to employ some Hours of that Life,
5 bave given ber, in attending on your Highness
|

If I was rejoyc'd before at the Sight
of my J/menia, how was my pleasure
doubled at this acceptable proffer of

Orontes ;

s —w—_y » WOW „ r ⁰ũ ⁰ m EE. A . ð - % ᷑ == © Ws 7, ©

— ca dS ot

— 4 Ln a

Oroxter ; I could not be wanting in rendring
him my thanks, or backward in
sounding the Inclination of the Virgin,
Fair Lady, said I, can you bear so ill to employ
your Youth and Beauty, as to confine
— to a sick and darkned Chamber : My
Lord, said she, in a Tone sweet as the
Melody of dying Swans, were I to set al
my Obligations aside, your Highness would
command the utmost of my Service: And were
that Circumstance of your Quality remov A,
yet so strong a Regard 1 owe to the Will of my
Dearest Father, that I with Toy prepare to
execute his Commands, and account it
Happiness to be employ d in any Service to which
be diredts.

I observ'd, the good Old Man was nct
a little delighted at the express'd Obedience
of his darling Daughter; 24y Lord,
said he, with Tears of Joy standing in
his Eyes, thu Maid is the only Comfort of
my Life, and Blessing of my Age. Suffer
ber, whils# I take Care of the Entertainment
of your Followers, to be honour d in attending
on your Highness: But let not the Impertinence
of a Girl. in her Discourse, prevent
that Repose so necessary to your Welfare, or
disturb you to your Prejudice, When To

144 The Loves of

had repeated those Words, he again bent
his aged Knee, and kifling my Hand
retir'd, 1

But oh! My Antiochm! Have I not
wearied thy Attention with my Story? |
Have I not been too Tedious and Circumffantial
in the Prologue to my Woe ?
If I have tir'd thee, I will reform in what
remains; but forgive the Infirmity of
my Tongue, and consider, that Love
and Age have a Priviledge of trifling.
Shall I o'erpass the Process of our Courtship,
and lead thee at once to its fatal
Period? Let not my Brother imagine,
the Prince, that I can be weary
of the Subject; No; let me have it in
its full Extent: I would not lose one
Tittle of thy Passion, which Mem'ry
serves you to relate, or which Inclination,
or private Reasons, do not prompt you to
conceal. . BAY

Know then, replies Ariobarzanes, resuming
his Story, that Orontes being gone,
and the fair 1/menia, left to attend me;
I found her Modesty, -and aweful Respect
to my superior Birth, confin'd her
to a Distance, which opposd my Hap-

pinels,

piness. Thou brightest of thy Sex, said I,
will you deny me the Pleasure of your Conwersation?
Let not my Quality debar me of
that Blessing; and esteem me no longer a
Prince, but your Slave. Nor let your Virgin
Fears be too prevalent, but think I bold your
Honour precious as your Life; I swear, by
the Reverence of your Pather's Age, the Innocence
and Beauties of Ismenia are her Guard
against licentions Passion. My Lord, said ine,
conceive not that I suspe& your Princely Virtue,
or think my Fame, or Person, in Hax ird
of Dishoneur: But it is my Duty to wait at
this Distance; and my Father's Displeasure
weuld persue me, shoyld I interrupt the Rep
se of your Highness. O fear not that, fail
I, my Command shall shield you from t
Blame of Orontes: Besides, there is Musick
in every Word you utter; your Talk is like
Balm distilld into my Wound, and I hye
intranc'd with Pleasure to hear you. Come,
fit thee down by my Bed, and let me gaze
on those Charms, which Kings may sigh for,
(Forgive me the Repetition of my Transports,
Antiochw; thy Soul which has
been touch'd with the Power of Beauty,
can tell how Love inspires the Tongue
with Language.) My Lord, said she,
with a Smile which shot Arrows into

146 The Loves of

my Breast, I may bope you do but rally my
Simplicity; and I must condemn that little
Stock of Beauty, with which Nature has
furnish d me, if it commit Treason again

the Bosom of my Prince. Believe me, I
menia, bon lovely Maid; said I, seizing
her by the Hand ; and suffer me to breath
my Vows on this fair Pledge: By the great
Gods, when first I view'd thy Beauties, ev'n
when the Glories of thy Eyes were shrouded,
I was the Slave of Love: May not I presume
ro hope I have deservd you? Shall ] despair
of the Consent of Ismenia, if I can obtain
tbat of Orontes? Alas! My Lord, says
she, trembling, and in a Surprize, I mus
not hear this from you. Are you not a Prince,
and the Heir of this Empire? Is not your
Choice dependant on the State? You must
receive to your Bed some Lady, who boasts
a Royal Lineage, and who will bring a Regal
Dowry. Ismenia is destin d to an humbler
Match ; my Father, who rules my Fate
and Actions, has pligated my Faith, and
my Hand must follow.

Good Heavens! My Friend, do you
not presume it tortur'd my very Soul
to hear those Words? Death at that
Lnstant, would have been a Mercy to

Res > —

. ͤ—P—T—T— — «ð DV ²˙¹ñ. ̃ô—vVU <A

me. O Recal, (aid I, thou charming Maid,
those Sounds of Horror. Orontes, has not,
cannot have promis d thee ; or if be had, thy
Destiny has made the Contract void. Pardon
me, that I must boast the Happiness of your
Rescue; but that 1 claim you, for the Life
1 gave you» Ill plead the Merit of that
AF to your Father, and demand you of bim.
3 Unless I am your Hatred; and that you must
view me with Contempt and Negligence : Then
I will die, rather than make you Uneasie.
If the Favourite Lover has taken Possessin
e your Heart, Ill suffer all my Pains, and
; 8 /anguish out my Days in silent Sorrow,
f rather than breath one Syllable to cross your
Wishes, or your fixt Affi tion. But may I
r not know, laid I, the happy Mas to whom,
F = you think, your Hand and Faith are destin d?

Alas! My Lord, reply'd she, sighing,
and with a Blush which o'erspread her
fair Cheeks, rho' be was the Choice of my
Dear Pather, tho he was thought worthy ef
more than my bumble Fortunes, yet 1 am
ebam d to name him to your Highness, Then,

said I, may I hope that Heart has not subw

mitted to his Insolent Addresses: And tho

1 your Virtue and Obedience bind you, as yet, to
It receive him if Orontes press it; yet sure
o Jou can but scorn the Lover, whom you are

S. H 2 ham d

148 The Loves of

osham'd to own. However, let me know him.
He's call d Nicanor, reply'd she, more
Eminent perhaps for Wealth and large Posse(-
Lon, than Dignity of Birth, or innate Virtues.
Twas be was with me in that Hour of
Danger, when your generous Courage, pitying
my Distress, push'd you to save me from the
Tyger's Fam..

L own, I was transported at that Confession
of hers; because I now thought
I might advance my Claim, without
the Suspition of an Injury to my Rival.
Tell may Ismenia blush, said I to her,
to think her Merits, and Beauty should be
so unworthily beste : But I bless the Gods,
that it is Nicanor; and hold the Fates propitious
to my Passion. Yes, I will boldly demand
thee against his wile Pretensions : Can
he, who could desert thee in his coward Fears,
and leave thee expos d to certain. Death: Can
he presume to claim thee? Dares he pretend
to Love, and could be so Base as to abandon
thee, to save his worthless Life? O say,
Ismenia, I conjure you to tell me, could you
receive that Man to your Embraces, and not

r. ect that he preferr d his Safety to you ?

My Physitians enter'd the Room, just

1 r = <2 a4 a = % _

as she was about to reply, when, with
a prevailing Grace, she beg'd I would
dismiss her, and told me that when next
the was commission'd to attend me, she
would hear me further on that Subject.
O Anticchws! Would I could describe
to thee the Beauties of that Virgin.
What Sweetness and Aﬀability were
blended with severe and aweful Virtue :
How bright and piercing her Eyes, yet
how innocent, and artless their Glanccs :
What Harmony and Perswasion dwele
on her Tongue! And how many Graces
and Perfections of her Soul, contributed
to make those of her Form and Person
more precious and inestimable! But
wherefore do I wish it, when all the
Charms, which a Lover finds, are lodg'd
perhaps in his own private Fancy? Let
it suffice, that she, was Mistress of all
my Heart held Beautiful, or I could wish
to assure my Happiness,

The Care of my Surgeons was now
every Day abated by the healing of my
Wound, my Feaver left me, my Spirits
were recruited, and Repose and Appetite
returning made my speedy Recovery
undoubted. I was now releas'd from the

27 Con-

150 The Loves of
Confinement of my Bed, and permitted
to walk about in my Chamber. But
what perplex'd my Soul almost to Madness,
was, that I/menia no more return'd
to bless me with her Company. The
Cause of her Absence did not long remain
a Secret to me; It happen'd, when
the Virgin withdrew from my Chamber,
ihe retir'd to her own, where she fat
down, and burst into a Flood of Tears.
Whilst she continued in this Storm of
Sorrow, it fell out that her Father entring
her Apartment, surpriz'd her weepb
His Indulgence to his Daughter
made him scrupulously inquisitive into
the Meaning of her Grief, the Explanation
of which she would willingly have
way'd. But Orontes conjuring her, on
her Obedience, to declare the Cause,
she was obligd to confess that I had
follicited her with Love. The good
Old Man, 'fell into Suspitions' too Nataral
to Age, that I was abuling the
Rights of Hospitality, and practising the
Ruin of his Child, and Dishonour of
his Family. I/menia, said he, with a
severity of Look, suitable to his Virtue,
remember that if the Prince have rescued you

em Death, your Life is a Debt to him, but

not your Honcur : And no Obligations muss
make you forget you are the Daughter of Orontes,
or cause you to repay the Benefit with
Infamy on your Hcuse. The poor weeping
Maid heard him with Attention, and
when he had ended, on her Knees invoking
the Gods to Witness to her Truth,
satisfied her Father, that I was so far
from urging her to Dishonour, that I
had told her, I would demand her of him,
and claim her for my Bride in recompence

of my Service.

Orontes, tho' he was satisfied that I
had not attempted to betray his Daughter,
yet told her that she must not listen to
my Passion; since for him to consent
to give her to my Arms, would be construed
Treason against his Sovereign ;
and therefore charg'd her, as she hop'd
for his Blessing, to decline all Opportunities.
of further Converse with me,

O my Antioch | How unjustly are the
Priviledges of Royalty envied, when
Princes are restrain'd from the Liberty
which makes our Common Peasants happy!
What are we but Slaves, deluded
with a shew of Grandeur and Power,

2 when

2152 The Loves of

n hen the dearest Concern of our Lives
must hang om an Interest of State? Thus
indeed is Marriage a Thraldom, when
not Choice but Neceflity, must determinis
us in our Consorts. *

I had now endur'd Three painful Days,
without once beholding the fair 1/menza ;
and could no longer conceal my Discontent
for her Absence. The Father did
not fail being assiduous in his Visits, and
at last when he enquir'd into my Health
and Amendment, I told him frankly I

only wanted the Company of my fair

Physitian. The good Old Man, who
had the Honesty to believe I was sincere
in my Passion for his Daughter, and who
thought ir was in vain to disguise his
Knowledge of my Pretentions, bad me
not to think of her, Not think of ber! said
i, "is impossible, Orontes, but I must,
2 it, I have Life, and Memory, and Rec:licelion.
By Heaun! Tue counted every
M ment tedious, since she has been away; and
all my Foy i in gazing on her Beauties.
Orontet, kneeling at my Feet, persisted
to urge me, that I would strive to forget
her: And told me, that tho“ he should
reckon it his Glory to be blest ig such

Antiochus and Stratopice. 153

2 Son, yet as I was his Prince, the Alliance
must be fatal to him. I raisd
him from his Knees, and 2 every
Argument I was Master of, to obviate
his Objections, and dispossess him of his
Fears. I told him my Royal Father's
Indulgence was such, that he would be
fond of giving me my ador'd I/menia;
nor have your Services been so trivial,
added I, or is your Merit of so little
Weight. with the King, that he will ditdain
to own Orontes's Daughter. My
repeated Promises to excuse him from
Blame, and procure my Royal Father's
Consent to my Happiness, after some:
Struggle, wrought so on the good Oid
Man, that I was again permitted to enjoy
the Company of 1/menia.

But, Oh! My Friend, that Joy was
but of a short Continuance, and I tremble
to relate to thee its fatal Consequences,
It was not long e'er the Knowledge of
my Passion for the beauteous Virgin had:
got Air in the Family, and she was look'd
on as the future Bride of Ariobarzanes.
My unworthy Rival, as Jealousie is never
deaf to its own Discontents, was not the
last who was. saluted with the Tidings.
7 14-8 H 5 Oronics:

I54 The Loves of

Orontes who had pass'd a former Promise
of giving him Vmenia, spard no Pains
to disengage himself with Honour from
that Tie, and told him that as I had hazarded
my Life in her Defence, so I
claim'd her Person as the Reward of my
Service. The barbarous Nicanor with artful
Dissimulation, covering over his Resentment,
reply d to the Father, that,

however he lov'd her, yet none could

o well deserve her as her brave Protector:
That he gave up his Claim in Deference
to his Prince; and that next to the Pleasure
of having her himself, he should joy
to see her shine on the Throne of Cappadocia.
But, My Lord, says he, permit
me a parting Interview; and then I shall
learn to conlider inenia as my Sovereign.
The unsuspecting Father (as who could
fuspe& such horrid Barbarity ?) granted
the Request; and Nicanor was conducted
to the Virgin's Chamber to take his Leave
of her. His stay was but short, e'er he
retir'd wich Precipitation, which made
Oroztes think he was incensd at the
Lols of her: But, O Antiocbas !
When © her Father enter'd her Apartment
for Confirmation, he found his
Daughter stab'd, and on the Floor weltring

tring in her Blood. The good Old Man,
confounded with his Sorrows, falling
down on the Body, cry'd out, my Child!
and expir'd in her Embrace. The alarm'd
Servants posted every way to pursue the
Inhumane Murtherer, whom they found
in the Woods thrown from his Horse,
and his Brains dash'd out against the foor:
of a wither'd Oak.

Cruelty of Malice! says Antiochus interrupting
him, How dreadful is Revenge,
when harbour d in a Coward's Soul ! Of what
a Savage and Brutish Temper must Nicanor
have been, who could imbrue his impious
Hinds in the Blood of that fair Creature whose
Charms had Captivated bis Heart? Monster
of Barbarity,, and uncquall'd4 Baseness ! Tho”
the Fustice of the Gods, replies the Cappadocian
Prince, oertook bim in his End, yet
if 1 forgive bim, whilst I can remember my
Ismenia's Mrongs, may all the Punishments
due to bis Sacrilegious Villany be inflicted on
this Head! O Antiochus, should I thus tamely
bade surviu d her Loss? Shiuld JI not bave
pursued the murthering Traytor to the Realms.
of Night, and there have impeach d bim at the
Infernal Throne ? Seen him lish'd by the Furies:
Scorpions, chain d to some burning Mountain,

156 The Loves of
and gnawn by Vultures, or stretch'd to Eterwity
on the racking Wheel of Vengeance? O
Ifmenia ! justly may ff thou upbraid thy tardy
Lower, and accuse me of Neglect and Coldwess
in out- living thee, |

The Prince observing Ariobarxanes begin
to be transported with his Sorrows, endeavourd
to calm the Tempest in his
Soul. Think, says he, my Friend, the Hand
F Divinity restrain d thee to some great Event.
Our Fates are shap d to the purposes of the Gods;
and 210. must wait till they determine to release
1. Zut see! Those lowring Clouds, which
rise behind the Mountains, obscure the beauteous
Face of Night, and warn as to retire. |

As the Princes arose from their Seat on
the Grass, This Grove, says Ariobarzanes,
which but now look'd bright and lovely 41

Elizium , 20 appears like the abode of Discontented,
and murtber d Lowers, The Moon
mo longer darts ber Beams thro the Branches,
or plays on tbe Rroołk; but has veil d ber
Glories over with Clouds, A chill Breeze bas
curdled the: smooth Surface of the Waters, and
whistles thro the Trees; The Nightingales
have ceas d; and shrieking Owls, and croaking
MW. N _ Heeg.

Frogs supply their Harmony. Tis al one Scene
of Horror!

The Clonds still thickning, and the
Air growing damp and unwholsome, they,
Arm in Arm, retir'd from the Grove; and
return'd back by Antiochuss Apartment,
The Night now was far advanc'd, and
seem'd rather to invite them to Repose,
than Conference. III burthen you no further
now, my Friend, says the Cappadocian to the
Prince; 1 find my Soul is out of Tune with
the Repetition of my Sorrows, and my future
Company will be but Discord, Adieu, and the
gracious Gods be your Protectors!

As soon as Ariobarzanes was departed,
Philotas entred to the Prince: Well, my

Boy, lays Antiochus to his Page, hast thou

bad the Fortune to see Stratonice ? My Lord,
replied he, I have: I waited till she return d

to her Apartment, and deliver d your Letter

into her own Hands, | She bad me commend her
to your Highness, and said she'should be pleas d
to be taught the Means of contributing to your
Satisfaction. That she would comply with
the Interview you desir d, whenever you would
appoint; but that if the Freshness of the

Morning Air invited ye to a Walk, she de-

| 158 ' The Loves of

I fignd to bestow some Hours on the Terrace
i in the Royal Garden. 'Tis enough, my
Boy, replied the Prince; Now get thee
to thy Rest, Philotas; Fear not to disturb me
in the Morning, least I grow angry with my
self and thee, if I should prove a Sluggard,

The Prince, again alone, walk'd about
in his Chamber, pensive, and employ'd
in a Thousand Reflections: He was
pleas'd with the sweet Compliance of
the Queen, yet tortur'd to think it did
not proceed from some more tender Motive
than Compassion: then again he
was perplexd, with the Remembrance
of that Discovery which must be the Issue

of their Meeting. Gods! says he, have
J not promisd to unfold the Mystery of my
Distress? Have I not confess d that Love
is my Torture; and have I not deny d that
Arsinoe is its Object? Be steadfast then,
Antiochus ; and dare to disclose the Secret
f thy Soul. The heavy Concealment will be
thy Death, what more can be the Isue "of the
Discevery : If it be a Crime to rival Seleucus,
the Powers who made our Passioms Involuntary,
bade made me Guilty: Heav'n knows, I have

Aruggled, but in vain to subdue myself.
Shs Now

Now wearied out with anxious Thoughts,
he fought to relieve his Cares with Slumber;
but, alas! How vain are the Invitations
of Sleep, where Love contends
to keep the Spirits busie and wakeful ?
Imperious Care! that canst controul the
Priviledge of Nature, and fright Repose
ev'n from the Weary, and Oferwatch'd :
How welcome then is Sleep, when he
can shut thee. out. Antiovebws had a Thousand
Perturbations beating the Alarm in
his Breast, which excluded his Slumbers ;
and he lay the whole Night restless, and
uneasie, waiting the Approach of the
wish's for Morn,

His Impatience of meeting the charming
Stratonice rous d him almost with the
breaking Day: And he could forgive
the Sun his Beams, so she denied not the
Lustce of her Eyes. When he left his
Apartment to go to the Royal Garden,
crossing the Ante-chambers, he was encountred
by Tigranes: Perceiving the Favourite
to look with Sorrow and Discontent
on his Brow, Tigranes, says the
Prince, are jon yet satisfied? My Lord,
replied he, I no longer am to wonder at the
Reason of your Silence, which kept me mo

160 The Loves of

the Knowledge of your secret Passion: But am
convinc d that I mourn the fatal Chance which
has made you my Rival. How ! says the
Prince, and do you still believe that my Heart
it possess d with the Princess's Charms? Ab!
My Lord, replies the Favourite, I: 4 4
Wennd my Passion may lament, tho not complain
of : Arsinoe doubtless has all the Advantages
of Charms to engage the most Elevated
Souls: And who can escape, where
Beauty is so All-commanding ?* Where, but
beholding, we are necessitated to Love? I] have
nothing to complain of, Sir, but that the
Knowledge of my Flame did not draw the
Secret from your Soul: Then bad my Duty
and Respect combind to give Laws to my
Passion, and have taught me to subdue myself.
At first, whatever Passion oppresses us, Reason
is Mistress of the submitting Senses; and if
we strive to crush it in its Infancy, the rebelling
Heart makes but a feeble Resisrance. But
e er you discover d your fatal Love, you suffer d
me to cherish all the Hopes which could attend
the most prosp rous Passion. You consented,
that my enamour d Heart should touch the
lovely Moment which was to make me Happy.
To Morrow was Hymen to have crown d my
Victory; To Morrow was I to have reach d the

Summet of my Glory: But, now by a wretc::

Turn of Destiny, the Day of my Triumph is to
be that of my Death.

The Prince heard Tigranes out, tho
with Concern, yet with Patience; at
length, when he observ'd him ro make
a Pawse, No, no! said he, my Friend,
Love on, and with Assurance ; the Mischiefs,
you tremble at, are but in Apprebension. Tis
of my Repose alone that Destiny is jealous;
Believe me, Tigranes, the Princess shall
be yours. The Princess mine, My Lord!
replies the Favourite, can I pretend to ber,
when your very Resignation must be the means
of depriving me of ber? When your Virtue in
this Iustrious Struggle, teaching me my Duty,
decrees my Death? To strive to constrain yourself
at the hazard of your Life, is to subdue
my Flame, and teach me to extinguish it. My
Lord, . the more you yield, the less you give
me; when you would Die, Honour prescribes
my Doom; — O, tit too much, Tigranes ;
Jour Generosity, replies the Prince, is needless
here : Had 1 but Power to speak without
Reserve, to tell you what a Weight I bend

beneath: O speak it all, says the Favourite,
my Prince; give not yourself the
Pain of a Constraint. Say that the Princess in
vain consents to my Flame: That she is Mi-

162 The Loves of

stress of your Heart, and Empress of your Soul:
That, rather than resign ber, you would chuse
to Perish; say it, and I will Die to bear
the fatal Sounds; for Death is my Desire.
Wherefore, says the Prince, will you eternally
oblige me to tell you that I pretend not to the
Princess's Heart: That I am so far from
rivalling your Flame, that 1 am ready —
The impatient Favourite was so prepossess
d with the Passion of Antiocbus for
Arfince, that not permitting the Prince
to close his intended Profeflion, Ab! My
Prince, says he, wherefore should your Highmess
disown your Claim? Have you not already
declar d to the King ber Pow'r and Influence?
I said, I knew not what, replies the Prince;
or rather in the Distress which I was involv d,
they believ'd even my Silence and misinterpreted
it. But the Picture, my Lord! lays Tigranes
again; — In vain am 1 confronted, replies
the Prince, with that semblance of a Proof.
Tf you think I have said too much, enquire
into my Breast no further. My Heart, whose
Troubles are encreas d by that mysterivus Accident,
cannot clear up to you what it does not
Understand. But permit me, says the Favourite,
to understand your Highness in this,
that my Despair gives you @ Concern. My
Lord, you've shewd me a great —

r ͤ œ]]]]&ỹꝑꝝÿJf / ĩ˙ ] . O A. . © af WW a;

and I resign the Princess without a Pang at
parting. I feel a Joy in giving what J hola

most dear, and dissembling a Love I cannot

tear from my Bosem. But, however strong
the Tyrant Passion reigns in our Breasts, if
you resign ber, I resign her too. Tho there
was something in the Princess seemingly to
please me, yet your Engaging her Heart takes
not hing from me. If for some time I bad
those Hopes, which my Royal Master now
assures to you, J entertain d em without Loving,
and can forego em without a Murmur, Her
Hand was of no Importance to my Happiness ;
Dees this suffice, my Lord, and can you live as
Ease ? |

The Prince easily . saw thro' this Aﬀe-
ation, and the cold Pretences of Tigranes;
he knew Tigranes lovd Arsinoe
even to Death, and therefore was convinc'd
that this dissembled Indifference
arose from his Despair: He who still
firmly believ'd Antiocbus languish'd for
the Princes, and yet conceal'd that Pasfon
to spare his Uneasiness, in Generosity
disavow'd his own, and made flight of
Possessing her, to encourage the Prince
to compleat his Happiness. Antiochus,
who for a while stood Mute, and

Thought-

164 The Loves of
Thoughtful, fearful of the Consequences }
of Tigranes's Transports, at length told
him, You presume, Tigranes, that I may *
live at Ease: But know not that my Misfortunes
are so Great that I can never hope it.

As the Prince expressd these Words,
Arsince happen d to cross the Ante-chamber ; |
he no sooner saw her, but to dispossess
Tigranes of his Fears, or at least redeem
him from Resolutions of Despair, he
caught hold of her Robe, and stopping
her, Madam, says he, restrain a Lover,
whose Transports may be fatal. His Death
will be the Effect of an Order he has receiv d,
Despair oppresses him, and That alone he credits.
Tho Heaven, replies Arsinoe in a haughty
Air, has made me a Dependant on Seleucus,
get Tigranes knows what he has a right
of eupecting from me: But since this Order
bas such Reason ro shock him, pray, my Lord,
inform me as to the Cause of its Imposition.
What have you said, with which his Soul
is so distress d? The Favourite without giving
the Prince leave to interpose a Word,
replied with Warmth; That be is in Love
with you even to Distraction, that his Love
will prove his Death: And that, press'd as he
is with Sorrow, the Languishment he suffers

LF oi. EMMA & &

is the Effect of what your Beauty has reduc d

him to.

The Princess was but little mov'd at the
Emotions of Tigranes, since her own malicious
Artifice had given rise to the Error,
which involv'd the Prince in so much
Anxiety, My Lord, says she, I perceive
well, that Tigranes labours with some severe
Suspitions ; but am I suspected, or did you
name me to the King? Nd Madam, replies
Antiochus coldly, bis Passim alarms him in
vain: The Name of Arlinoe escap'd not
my Lips, and if the King deceives himself,
tis that be will be deceivd. Alas! says
the Favourite approaching the Princess,
to bave express d the Passion which inspires
him, was it not enough to produce your Picture?
Could be, in shewing that charming Pledge,
confess less than the Title of a Lover? My
Lord, replies Arsinoe with artful Affectation,
is it so, that in the Explication of your Pains,
you let the Queen (ee my Picture, and suffer'd
the King too
Prince interrupting her, Nu know that
when I was lamenting the Torments to which
I am resery'd, yourself —— But "tis no matter.
Good my Lord, proceed, says Arsinoe perceiving
the Prince to stop, Mbat do you

search

Madam, replied the

166 The Loves of

search to know, Madam? replies Tigranet
who could not shake off his Suspitions
of Antiochuss Passion for the Princess ;
Is not his Disorder, his Concern, a sufficient
Evidence of bis Flame? Can you require a
stronger Testimony, can you wish to be better
assured, or is Tigranes to be blam'd if be dies
with Despair ? boy

The Prince had all the concern Imaginable
for Tigranes's Pains, and would at
any Price, but the Declaration of his Love
for Stratonice, have been glad to redeem
him from them: But as that was a Secret
he durst not disclose, he labour'd to apprize
Arsinoe of the fatal Consequences
of her Lover's Despair, and by his Cautions
arm'd her to prevent them. Madam,
says he, these Transports will go too far, if
yorr - Compassion do not interpose to stop them,
and arrest this unjust Despair, which rhe accident
of your Pidture has thrown him into:
Tis true, I did produce it: But tua a Chance
which need give him no Alarm: Permit him
to expect —— My Lord, replies the Princess,
T am satisfied, and so should Tigranes be;
I see at length what we may presume, and
guess what Beauty reigns so absolute in your Heart.

Antio-

„ ag mag "va © I

Antiochus, who from the Exchang>
of the Picture was no Stranger to Ar/inoe's
malicious Curiosity, was startled and
alarm'd at what she said; he fear'd she
would venture to name a Secret, which
he was almost jealous of trusting his own
Heart with: Ab! Madam, says he, take
heed, I conjure you, of going any further ;
or, rather take heed of presuming to guess at
what I am so resolutely bent to Conceal.
will aggravate, rather than lessen my Mi
fortunes. They are 100 plain, replies Tigranes
with some Warmth, too fully explain'd
not to demand a Remedy, The dire Oppressuon
of your Love constrain d and [mother d, without

the Aid of guesses, speaks your Trouble plainly.

The Prince, who saw it was not Easie
to convince Tigranes, or dispossess him
of a Jealousie, tho grounded on Error,
resoly'd to leave them. He began now
to fear he had staid too long, and that
the Queen, who had consented to meet
him in the Garden, might construe his
Slowness in attending her a Disrespect.
Adieu, said he, Tigranes, and let the Princess
confirm to you what you but doubt from my
Assurances. Believe, it is the severe Injunction
F Respec} and Duty, which, when I would

explain

168 The Loves of

explain myself, condemns me to Silence; Time,
and the Effect: will declare what I would wisy
Fer ever buried in Secrecy,

Soon as the Prince was retir'd, Tigranes
in an Air of Sadness, and disconlolate
Doubt, address'd himself to his ador'd
Princess; Madam, says he, it is then from
Jiu that I am to expect my Hope. Tigrancs,
9 u have not that Cause to complain, replies
the Princess, which your Passion engages you 10

fear. Whatever this Order be, which is [0

terrible to your Hopes, let it suffice, that it is I
who must receive it, But what can your
Constancy do, replies he, against the posetive
Command of the King? From him, and his

Consent, says the Princess again, my Flame

deriv'd its Birth: And that warrant is sufficient
to give me a right of laying hold on the Glory
F bis Choice. But to Fa 4 it, replies he,
when the Prince adores you ! Con sider,
Madam, that be languishes with Passion 5 thut
his Disorder every Day encreases, and the
whole Court trembles at its Consequences: Mait
its Success, replies the Princess ; Mat,
at the Hizard of the Prince's Life! says he
Would you have me seize my Happiness, when
so much Danger attends on that Side? His
Virtue, replies she, will banish bis Weakness ;

or if he in vain ffrupgles to suppress his
7 the King Kane, yield, * the
Prince is happy. And can you imagine be will
not yield, when his Order, says he, already
plucks you from my Arms? My Lord, replies
the Princess, harbowr not a fear ; whatever
Clouds seem to obscure yoar Happiness, Fortune
will clear up, and rescue you from Suspicions.
But how, my lovely Princess, replies
Tigranes to her, can 1 entertain a Hope, when
the King need but yield to make bim Happy ?
I tell you again, replies the Princess, notwithstanding
all your Surprize, that the Cure of the
Prince depends alone on Seleucus: But tic
dangerom, in such Perplexities,to presume too far
to explain what we cannot apprehend. Madam,
says Tigranes bowing, and with some
Reserve, there needs no Explanation for Me to
apprehend you : And there is a Mystery in my
Misfortune, which, I find, I must not search
into, Do not I see plainly, Adieu, My
Lord, said the Princess interrupting him,
(least he might force her on the Declaration
of what would have made her for ever
Obnoxious to Antiochw's Displeasure,) Still
depend on my Faith and Constancy ; when I

bave seen the King, I'll tell you more: Till

then, lose all your Suspicions, and let your
| 1 Heart

or Jour Credulity : To what should I consent ?

170 The Loves of

Heart sit F:fie ; Seleucus will not deny the
Hand which he has promis d.

Arsinie here took her Leave of the
Favourite, who bowing retir'd, whiltt
the prepar'd to attend the Levee of Stratonice:
as the was entring the Queen's
Apartment, Seleucas, who had forestall'd
her in his early Compliment, met her at
the Door: Have you yer, said the King
smiling, seen Antiochus, my Niece? My
Royal Lord, replied she, I hawe. But have
yon seen him, Princess, says he again, with

kind Consenting Eyes; bave your Looks assur d

him, that your Heart and Person shall not be
wanting to crown bis Happiness? Have you
consented, that the glorious Morn, which gives

Stratonice to my Embrace, 'shall bless bim

with the Surrendry of his admir d Arsinoe?

The Princess, who knew well the King
was abus'd in his Conceit of the Prince's
Passion, and yet who durst not clear up
his Error, or declare a Discovery which

he more than suspected, put on a seeming

Surprize at the King's Questions : 4p Lord,
says she, I do not understand your Highness ;
some busie Prater has either abus d the Prince,

Antiochus - and Stratonice. 171

3 Did not your Royal Word assure me to Tigranes;
did not Antiochus authorize bis
Passion, did be not gain your Permission for his
Addresses, and is the Right of my Hand,

already promisd, now disputed £ The
Cause, Arsinoe, the Cause, replies the King,
will justify the Change ; Antiochus languisties
to Death for your Beauties; yet has his generous
Heart in Gratitude and Pity to Tigranes too
long conceal d the Ardour of his Passion ; bis

Lie, and mine, the Interest of these Realms,

the Happiness of Kingdoms depend on your Con-
© sent: Then give bim Love, and be a Queen;
2 Monarch's Daughter, and a Monarch s Bride!
iy all this Coldness, Niece ? Are you deterthe

Prince an Object of Contempt? Resolve me,
Madam, whence proceed this stubbornness of
Carriage, and ill-tim d Indifference? My Gra-
cious Lord, says the Princess trembling to
see the King so mov'd, let me not offend in
(Is 1gnorance; nor impute, it to me as @ Fault,
# that I presume to dispute the Prince's Passion :
y Axing Father left me to your Care, and
cbarg d me to obey you; I 0wn myself in your
Disposal, and submit to y ur Direction: But oh !
My Lord, believe not that the Prince aspires
am Love, or languishes sir me; Time will
Ausclese the Secret of bis Passion 3 then urge we

1 min d to be perverse, and cross my Mill, or it

172 The Loves of

rot on the Disprace of being refus d; I tell you,
replies the King, Time bas already disclosd
it; be has confess d it; if not in Wards, yet by
4 Proof of Weight : He has produc'd your Picture
to the Queen; Nay, blush not, Arsinoe;
twas 4 welcome Discovery; That Object be
own'd bad caught bis Soul ; that all bis Relief
and future Happiness depended on the Possession
of the Beauty it represented ; and without ber,
Despair and Death must be his Portion !

When the King had proceeded thus far
on the Subject of the Prince's Passion,
Arsinoe was not a little tempted to discover
the Secret of the Picture, which had contributed
to deceive the King and perplex
Antiochus, But the unknown Consequences
of the Important Discovery o'errul'd her
Desire, and oblig'd her rather to strike
in with the Discourse of Seleucus, than to
alarm him with Suspicions which she durst
not clear. My Lord, says she, I must not
dispute the Authority of what your Majesty bas
told me; but could wish the Prince would .

ret his Meaning in producing my Picture

2 be shall kth to p me be is a
Sufferer for my Love, my Gratitude te bim,
and Submission to your Highness, will inftrut
ane to do what shall become my _ and

Duty. Enough, my fair Coxen, replies
the King ; 1 am satisfied of your Kindness,
and Antiochus shall soon confirm to you what 1
have been advancing on his Bebalf. So will
the Queen; but you were going to ber:
She is retir d into the Garden to take the Refreshment
of the Morning Air, and at ber
Return will be glad to be entertain d with the
Company of Arlinoe,

The King here, bowing Courteously
to the Princess, left her to enter the
Apartment of Stratonice, who, she immediately
found as the King inform'd her,
was gone into the Garden attended only
by Phenisa, whither she had order'd to be
follow'd by none. The Princess, whose
Curiosity made her Uneasie to know the
meaning of that Injunction, durst not
presume on her Birth, or Interest with the
Queen, so far as to disobey it by following
her. She therefore, with as much Content
as she could be Mistress of, ser herself
down at the Toilet, and waited for Stratonice's
Return from the Terrace.

The Queen, a considerable share of
whose private Hours was employ'd in
Reading, had her Table furnish'd with

I 3 Variety

174 The Loves of

Variety of Authors. Arsinoe, the better
to divert the Time, and beguile her Impatience,
took the Liberty of opening one
of the Books: And, as People who read
without Inclination, fell to turning over
the Leaves, rather than fixing on any
Page for Entertainment. Thus, while
she was with a cursory and indifferent
Eye travelling o'er a Volume, she glanc'd
on a Paper which by what she had seen,
she concluded to be the Hand Writing of
Ntratonice., Here was her whole Attention
fix'd, and her inquisitive Inclination made
her now a zealous Student, Tho' she
soon found the Subject was design'd to be
Secret. she could nat heggenerons enonoh

to lay it aside without diving into its Contents.

It happen'd to be a Resverie of the

Queen's, the Work of Thought and Conflicting

Passions, and was penn'd to the
Effect as follows.

O the flattering Illusion, which I have
too far presum'd to credit! The sweet
Abuse of my Heart, deceiv'd by what it
wish'd ! How vainly did I believe you on
the fond Perswasions of Love! But if he
triumph'd then o'er this weak and tender
Heart, the just and noble Pride, which
Olds rug | labours

Antiochus and Stritonice. 175

labours to restore it me, shall triumph in
its Turn. Yes; to discard this violent
and inflam'd Esteem, the Affront of not
being lov'd is sufficient, to One who was
licens'd to love but on that Hope. Survey
then with Disdain what was before so
precious; this Prince, who usurp'd such
Power o'er thy Soul. — But can we be
capable at once of such an Effort? And
to cease loving, what we have found so
amiable, alas! is there no more than a
feeble Resolution necessary? Tho' the
Indignity of a Rival seems to stir up every
Sentiment to Aversion, yet an Inclination
to hate, lessens not our Love. The Re—
sentments we fe are not so much Disdain,
as revenging on ourselves the Disgrace
of being Slighted. Pretend not then to
have extinguish'd thy Flame, by this fit
of Resentment which forbids thee to love ;
Indifference only is the certain Mark of
an Heart which Reason either Comforts
or Cures. But the Transports of Hate
and Indignation are so far from being
able to sooth the Pains of this insulted
Heart, that they rather serve to cherish
my Passion. Vet now that my approaching
Nuptials stagger my Conttancy,
and my feeble Virtue starts at my Duty;

© + nan

176 The Loves of

even in this fatal Instant which admonishes
me, that to Morrow my Heart is a Debt
to the Father, cannot I blot the Son from
my Remembrance: — Fatal Impression
of Charms too irresistable! — Cruel Extremity,
where the Soul is so Divided.

The Princess was not content to read
this Transcript over once, but again and
again perused ir, and commented in her
Mind on each particular Sentence. Her
Cheeks glow'd with Pleasure at the new
Discovery ; she before more than suspected
that Antiocbus doated on Stratonice, she
was now :onvincd that Stratonice had an
equal Passion for Antiochus, She fear'd
the Marriage of Selewews would prove the
Death of the Prince, nor did she question
but the Death of the Prince would be as
fatal a Blow to the Queen. She was now
all on fire to attempt some Preventions
of these threatned Iils; she long'd to un-
Tavel the Mystery to the King: And inform
him of the Truth of Antiochus's Dilorder:
But since her Knowledge of the
Secret arose from Chance and Presumption,
the could not disclose it without laying
open her own Curiosity; and was in
Pain for the Result of a Story, 9

had no better Proofs of than Suspicion
and Circumstance. Then was she thinking
to open the Matter to Tigranes, whole:
Influence with the King, she judg'd,
might best declare, and moderate the.
Important Secret.

Whilst Ar/finoe was revolving these
things in her Mind, the Queen with some.
Impatience expected Antiochws on the.
Terrace: She began to accuse him to
herself of Delay and Negligence, began
to accuse herself of too rash a Condescention
in submitting to this Neglected
Opportunity: Then stood she confirm'd-
in her supposition of his Love for Arsinoe ;.
then upbraided her own Heart for taking,
Side with him against her Reason or Resolution
At length,harrass'd out with this.
War of inward Debate, she thought of
returning forthwith to her Apartment:
When Phenis/a, to break in on those Reflections
which she observ'd too severely.
employ'd her Royal Mistress, Madam,
says she, do you know that yuu are in part
reveng ? . Antiochus bs in wain flatter d
bimself of Happiness, the haughty Princess will,
not bear of bis Addresses: And if the Ring:
pretends to interpose bis Authority, she Rnows.

F ͤ ˙ mA ys At ns tam ems
— ———— COOOT—— =

178 The Loves of
how, as she cught, to signalixe her Constancy.
It suffices ber that she has given ber Faith to 12
Tigranes, and by That she st andi. — But how ;
resolves the King, replies Stratonice coldly ?
Tis thought, says the other, that be bas laid
bis Commands on her to vanquish ber Refusals,
but in the Purity of that Love which she stands
Possess d of, the compulsive Orders which she
has received will only serve to strengthen and
establish her Passion. But what imports this,
replies the Queen, to the Peace of my alarm d
Soul? Is she not low'd, tho" she refuses to make

* @ Return? And tho ber generous hanghty
Spirit can brave the order of Seleucus, does
She net pissess what my fond Heart presum d
was due to me? I confess, Madam, lays
Phenissa again, you could not entertain too
much Esteem for the Virtues of Antiochus,
but then, as you could not pretend to the Happiness
of his Bed, it is at least some Satisfactiun
to your jealous Soul, to see bim as
much deceived as yourself in his Addresses.
How ill do you dive into the Sorrow that
Wounds me | replies the Queen; if the
Prince is deceiv'd, Phenissa, it is not his
Disgrace; nor has be a Cause to blush for
wot being answer d with that Success he thought
due to bis Flame. He knew that Arsinoe
faithful to her Tigranes would with 1 |

behold bim languish for ber, and pursuing 4
Heart preengag d by another, be lud cue"
with an Assurance of not being liv'd again.
But who might not bawe believd, that a
Secret Passion for mt had given me the Empire
of his Soul ? His Confusion, Languishment ,
and stoln Glances seem d to explain to me the
Rigour of his Destiny : If in the Heat of his
Desires, he began to speak, be was bewilder 4
with his Subject, and fear d to say too much:
If at any time he attempted to admire my Form,
he would on the sudden stop, and I have heard
him Sigh. 1 thought his Looks, his Sighs,
his Fear, his Silence, all to be Evidences of
bis Secret Flame. But I gave too much Credit
to that deceitful Silence; Ah! Did you but
know the Sufferings of a Heart, which has
flatter'd itself with being lov d up to the Pitch
of its own Desires, and then is disappointed
in its fond Conceit, you would compossionate
your Mistress. |

The Queen here paus'd, and wip'd
away the Tears which trickled from her
lovely Eyes; when Phenissa, who knew
that Comfort was Useless where Passion
had taken Possession of the Breast, was
almost at a stand to know what to reply.
But observing that Srratonice expected she.

should

180 The Loves of
should speak, Madam, says she, doubtless

it is an Affliction not to be conceivd ; but
what bas a Passion, which could entertain
1.0 Hope, to complain of ? Or what Loss is
there in missing what we. have no Pretensions
of Possessing ? Then is it nothing, Phenissa,
to lose the Glory, says the Queen again,
of taking that which we believd we could?
Ir it nothing, that we cannot reproach-oursebves
with not deserving what we could not reach?
Besedes that in the Rank which Heaven and my
Birth had plac d me, I blush'd at a Flame which
J perceived to encrease, and strove for my
Relief to excuse myself by Fate and Necessity.
Fain would I have seen that the same Ascendant
bad equally influencd Antiochus as it
did me, and that 1 might have imputed my
ardent Passion to that invincible Disposition
in which: we were formd: But now that
bis Destiny is so contrary to mine, I begin
to think my Flame was Voluntary, Perhaps,
alas ! Perhaps, too free in explaining myself,
1 bawe discover'd the Disgrace of my Love and
Indiscretion : Possibly I have given him Occasion
of perceiving it, of seeing into my Soul, and
that is it which troubles me, Madam, replies
Phenissa to the Queen, your. high. Spirit
is in wain alarm'd on that Seruple ; he loves
Arsinoe, and that Passion alone charms bim;

his Heart entirely given up to that Idea, whatever
you have 2 , will not be able to construe
it, but prevents him from seeing the Inclination
you 4 bim. Would I could
depend on that Thought, says the Queen;
the Certainty of it would alleviate my Sorrow :
J could not survive it, to have him know
and triumph in my Weakness: But where
the Conquest's cheap, the Prize is slighted ;. yet
Antiochus has too much Generosity in bis Soul
to give me room for so vile a Suspicion : I know
bis Virtues, and they assure me against my Fears.
Did he but perctive my Passion, he would pity
rather than insult me. But is not that be,
Phenissa, at the End of the Terrace, who
comes towards ws with folded Arms, and a
deliberate Pace ? His Air, and distant Mien
seem to speak Antiochus.

The Queen with fix'd and longing Eyes
had gaz d but a short while, when the
nearer Object convinc'd her of her Error,
and presented her with Tipgranes. The.
mantling Blood, which Expectation of the
Prince's Approach bad before drawn into
her Cheeks, immediately retir'd at this
Change of Person, and she grew uneasie
and doubtful in her Thoughts, whether
she should stay to entertain Tigranes.
Whilf

182 The Loves of

Whilst she was resolving with herself
what to do, the Approach of Tigranes put
it out of her Power to think of avoiding
him ; and now her next Consideration was
how she should address him: But his disconsolate
and dejected Air furnish'd her
with a seasonable Occasion of accosting
him. My Lord, says she, so severe an Incident
has cross d the Fortune of your Passi n,

that I cannot be surprix d at the Trouble of

our Soul: Yet at least it muss. be some Satisfactian
to you in spight of its Rigour, that you
tast the Sweetness of a Secret Triumph. |
understand, that the Princess is s6* charm'd
with your Addresses, that she glories in loving
as much as she is loud: And that she cannot
be won to sacrifice the Glory of her Constancy to
that of receiving a Diadem.

Madam, replies the Favourite, bowing
to the Queen, 'my Destiny is so much the
more perverse, for in the ve) instant which it
burthens me, it consents that I should hope:
Antiochus refuses to take from me what 1
love, and the Constancy of Arsinoe is strong,
and inimitable ;- my . Passion, on both their
Parts, seems befriended, and nothing can resist
the Success of my Flame: But the Diftemper

of the generom Prince encreases; bis Melancholy
and Weakness are more prevalent ; and
should 1 presume to take the Advantage of
his Virtue, his Death, a Consequence almost
certain, would extinguish my Hope. Fadge
then, if Afﬀition does not fall with weight
upon me. —— Perhaps, says the Queen again,
he may not love so wielently as tis presum d;
and since he labours to withstand bis Happiness,
we may suppose —— Ab! Madam, replies
Tigranes, interrupting her, there is not 4
Doubt to be made of his Passion; the Princess
has charm'd him, he adores her Beauties, and
bis Soul can scarce supprt. the Excess of bis
Flame. Never did a more ardent Love take
Posse/sion of a Heart; but one feeble Service
which I did bas restrain'd its Fervour : He
cannot forget that a Chance, which is my Glory,
put it in my Power to save his Life at the
Hazard of my own. And in grateful Acknowledgement
he now is obstinate in his Turn to resign

his in favour of my Passion.

cannot but applaud, replies the Queen,
the Motives of your Concern ; the Generosity
of your Friendship obliges you to refuse what the
Prince's would give you Assurance of : Yet still

Jour Love, in this fatal Encounter, has nothin

to dread from the Happiness of a Rival; since

194 The Loves of

the Princess is refolu'd to prefer you in bes
Esteem, and will have Courage to refuse the
Imposition of a Lover. -—'Tis a Consideration,
Madam, says the Favourite sighing, which
beightens my Trouble; for I'm inform d that my
Royal Master, surprix d at the Zeal of ber
Affection, imputes to me the Disdain which
she shews in refusing the Prince ; and that if be
finds her obstinate to the last not to consent to the
Honour of that Illustriows Match, as he holds
me the Cause, he will oblige me to Morrow
to chuse the Lady whom I will take to my
Bed. The Princess then, disengag d of ber
Faith, will no longer remain divided in ber
Sentiments, but seeing that my Duty carries
my Heart another way, will submit, without
any Scruples, to a better Destiny. If it be
true, that so cruel a Punishment is allotted
for me, 1 implore your Goodness against a
Sentence of such Injustice : In pity of my Sufferings,
my Rojal Mistress, divert its Accomplishment
Are not the Efforts of my Dujy
sufficient, why must I be press d on the Brink
of 4 fatal Despair? If that must be, my
Griefs will decide my Fate, and will scarce
want the Succours of my Arm to put an. End
to a miserable Lie: The Queen was about
to mention something to Tigranes of the
Prince's joyning with her to intercede for

him to Seleucus, when the Favourite, with
some Warmth interposing,reply'd, Madam,
I must conceal my Trouble from bu Eyes. And,
bebold, his Highness u thu Instant approaching
us: ] dare no longer stay with your Majesty ;
but implore you, that you will labour to prevent
bim from letting a fruitless Compassion sacrifice
bis Love to an unaiding Friendship.

Tigranes mentioning the Prince's Approach,
a Crimson Blush cover'd o'er the
Cheeks of the - beauteous Stratonice; her
Heart flutter'd with ExpeRation of his
coming, and what she had to disclose
which had occasion'd him to desire this.
Interview, As he drew nigh, she rear'd
her lovely Eyes, and met his, which were
fix d on her: His Glances confess'd a strong
Desire check'd by Languishment : and
aweful Respe& and Tenderness of Address
appeard in his Carriage and Behaviour
to her. Madam, said he, can you pardon
the Delay of my Approach? Am I not faulty
in pressmg on your Highness's Patience, when 1
rather ought to have attended your Coming ?
But did not Tigranes part from you, Madam;
and did my Presence occasion his Departure? —
My Lord, reply'd the Queen, no doubt bus
Attendance on your Royal Father inforc'd bu

Sins | baste;

186 The Loves of
baste ; but now, my Lord, it n time that you *
throw off your Melancholy; for Tigranes, | 3
without the least Murmur, consents to forgoe his
Mistress, and renounces all Hopes of ber to put
an End to Jour Sorrows : To put an End to my | |
Sorrows ! — says Antiochw, repeating the
Queen's Words, and looking wishfully at |
her, Was it in his Power ? Alas. No: —+ 5
The Afiitions, with which my Passion is attended,
can never conclude but with my Life, |
But now, Midam, I hill be shortly allow 4 ;
the Benefit of that Dismissim from Court,
which your Goodness sollicited for me: To Morrew
the King seats you on the Throne of Syria; |}
I shall tay to be a witness of your Glory: my |
Duty and Respect onicwy my Attendance: Hut
my Departure must follow the Pomp of that
Ceremony, and this, perbaps, is the last Time
that I shall hawe the Honour of conversing with

your Maj est y.

The Prince here cast his Eyes down to
the Earth in all the Agonies of a fixd
Despair ; the starting Tears trickled down
his Face, and Sighs unbidden swell'd his
Breast; The Queen, who could not but

perceive the secret Anguith of his Soul,
was not a little touch'd with his Sorrows:

but resolved,” if possible, to have the Acknow-

W "> ww ws *

Anticchus and Stratonice. 187

knowledgment of his Distress from himself,
to draw from him a Confeflion of his
Love for the Princess, and to know the
bottom of all his Affliction. Prince, says
she, your Departure from the Court will scarce
be fle d, till you go to fill the Throne of
Phznicia : besides that your approaching Nuptials
with Arsinoe will oblige your Stay to receive
the Congratulations of your Subjects.
I see well, Madam, replies Antiochus sighing,
that you can consent for Her to the Passim which

bas sir d my Breast: But bow shall J hope for

Pardon, when I presume to avow to you, that
you alone have kindled up this Flame in my
Bosom ? I, Prince! says the Queen
blushing. and wich che nemast Surprize :
when Antiochus throwing himself at her
Feet, and bursting into Tears, reply'd,
It is no longer time, Madam, to hide it from
you, that the Princess has no Charms which
asset my Heart. Enquire not of me the fatal
Accident, which made me give her a Shire in
the Troubles which I feel, But as one Misfortune
always becomes the Source of another,
giving you her Piflure, I thought to have
shewn You your Own. I need not urge the
Consequence” of that Error: But Arsinoe was
inform d I Ianguish'd for her Love: My fond,

but credulous Father hastens to give her to my

Arms :

188 The Loves of

Arm.: Whilst 1 am tortur d with the Apprehensions
of that Doom, labour with a lasting,
and insupportable Despair, and fink beneath a
Weight of Woe which the Beauties of Stratonice
alone could give me. Never was Lady more
distress'd than the Queen to know what
Face to wear on this Declaration of Antiochas:
It was a Cause of secret Satisfaction
to her Soul, to hear he burn'd with a
mutual Passion for her: But this was a
Pleasure which was check'd by the Apprehension

of her approaching Nuptials with

Seleucus : Already she began to consider
herself as a Mother to the Prince, and in
that View started at his Address as an Invitation
to Incest ; thought herself insulted
by a mention of his Love, and raising
her Voice, with an Air of Resentment,
My Lord, says she, can 75 make this
Discovery, and not suppose I with Fustice must
be angry? Alas! Madam, - -& the
Prince, in a Tone which confess'd the utmost
Sorrow and Anguish of Mind, I expect
vou should be incensd at my Presumption : But
let your Resentment, like Lightning, dart Deftrufion
from your Eyes, and blast me in an [n-
stant : Your Indignation is. necessary ; and, tho
my Sorrows ought to put an End to my Days, yet
they want the Addition of your Displeasure to

basten

1 r l :

P ³˙ ce a

IRS, _

Weight of my Affiiion !

hasten their Effect: Cruel Necessity of my Misfortune
I aspire at the Pain of angering what 1
love; and compell'd to betray my self to accelerate
my Death, 1 have need to strive to make myself
bated. Thus does Despair redouble its Violence;
thus shall 1 at once be crush d with the

The Prince whilst he spoke, shew'd that
Extremity of Concern and Disorder, that
the compassionate Stratonice drop'd at once
the Indignation she had affected; Pity
of his Pains succeeded her ebbing Rage,
and Resentment settled down into gentle
Wishes. - My Lord, says she, these Transports
carry you too far, and make you say more than
Reason can dictate. But I ought to excuse
the fatal Excess of your Melancholy, which
drives you, spite of yourself, to forget who 1
am. Labour not, Cruel Fair One, to excuse
my Crime, replies the Prince, since I
am not ignorant of what I am Guilty: It M you,
who have charm d me; you, whom my Soul
adores ; and this Heart which Leve surprix d
at the very Sight of you. whilst it dares protest
it to you, is too consciows of its Passion. If
Love, my Lord, says Stratonice again, without
your Consent made bimself Master of your Bosom,
you ought at lease prevent him from this DiscOUenY
3

190 The Loves of

covery ; and net reduce me to the Necessity
of thinking to. punish you for a Fault, when
Pity would prevail with me to do every thing
in your Favour. Your Pity would be vain,
says the Prince to her, sighing, in the
Calamity which I am: for tho' others, in my
Case, might labour at your Love, I contend for
your Hate. And for the Reward of the purest
Love which ever burnt in Humane Breast,
after all the Torments which I have suffer a,

is ãt too much to ask that Boon?

The Queen was so mov'd with his
generous Virtue, that she struggled hard
to command her Tears; after he had
paus'd awhile in Expectation of her Answer,
in the softest Tone which Compassion
or Kindness could breath, Prince, says
she, tho your Melancholy seems to hope my
Hatred, yet if you would desire to oblige me,
persist not to deserve it; but cimcealing the
Passion, which misleads your Senses, permit
me to enjoy the Satisfattion of grieving at your
Distress. Madam, to grieve at the Listress of
the FYretched, says the Prince, in an Air of
Softness and Languishment, is 10 sheu an
Inclination of comforting their Sorrows. But
what is there in Fate (ye rigid Powrs!)

far you to grant that can yield Consolation,

er ease my Distress? How must even your
generous Pity wound me, when I am stung
with the cruel Reflection, that barren Pity is
all you can bestow £ If Heaven bad put
it to my own Choice, replies the Queen
sighing, but what awvails complaining of the
Rigour of Destiny ? — The Prince perceiving
her to stop here, Madam, says he,
end not your Declaration there : Let me have
the Happiness of knowing what the interposing
Hand of Destiny has prevented. —— My Lord,
reply'd she again, I muff be Silent; my
Fate demands it of me, and 1 must obey :
But yet if Heaven had left it to your Choice,
lays Antiochus, casting the tenderest Glances
on Stratonice, whose Cheeks were
cover'd over with Blushes, might I not presume
My Lord, says the Queen, interrupting
him, t Cruelty to urge these
Explanations : If any Confession could contribute
to serve you, or alleviate your Sorrows, I might
not perhaps indulge the Secret with thus Nicety.
Madam, says the Prince, forgive the Im-
3 pertinence of a Lover, who still 4 proud of
avowing bu Passion, tho Nature and Duty
2 reproach me with it as a Fault, Ha
May I not enquire into the Reason of that Sigh ?
May I not have Leave to devine, that my
Vous are seconded with your 3
N | That

ef my Passion?

192 Tbe Loves of

that if Inclination might bave dispos d of
your Hand, I might have flood in some Election
of being made Happy? O Prince! replies
the Queen, let me not hear you abuse
the Tenderness of my Pity, which has wrought
ow me to say more than you ought to understand:
And which, without some Sigbs, could not

suffer me to refle® on the dire Necessity of

following my Duty. And tho it must abso-
Iutely regulate my Conduct, yet even when
I venture to make this Resolution, I cn that

in secret I tremble at submitting to its Dictates:

And what if I too should confess, that it would |

have been more grateful to my Heart, if Heav'n
had suffer d me to declare in your Bebalf?
But 1 am a Victim to the State, and must submit
my Person to its Welfare.

Ye cruel Powers! replies the Prince, an!

4 is 1 must pay for this Rigour of Destiny :

Tis I must sigh, and languish without Redress;
consum d with the bitter Reflection
that it is possible I might, but must not be

belovu'd. Can you then blame me for coveting

4 Retreat, which will conceal the Extremity
No, Prince, lays the
Queen again, I am so far from blaming your
Desire of leaving the Court, that, in the State
£0.which I am reduc d, I give my Consent 7

me forget to whom my Han

some Pleasure to your Retirement; and the rather
for that it will save my Virtue from some Anxieties
which will sit heavy on my Heart. The
compassionating of your Sorrows raises in my
Breast an Inquietude which J scarce dare interpret
to my self, much less acknowledge that,
spight of my self, I submit to its Influences;
and whilst 1 esteem you, 4 confus d Seutiment
obliges me to sigh, for being forc d to conceal its
Meaning. Retire, Antiochus, and vouchsafe to
spare me the Sight of an wy 7" which makes

is due. This
last Testimony of Jour Goodness so me, says the
Prince again, is doubtless doing Outrage to
your cruel Duty; but if my Death can repair
that Fault, let this comfort you, Divinest Fair
One, that it will not be long ere that Reparation
be made. Tho' your Retirement, Prince,
may be deem'd necessary, replies the Queen,
yet think that your Life has Reason to be dear
to me: and that Honour always permitting ms
to esteem you,--- Alas! Madam, replies the
Prince, 1 would live to love you ; but could
you at that Price consent to my Life? My Lord,
says the Queen, live without a —
loving, but if it exceeds your Power to vanquish
this fatal Passion ; yet live at least, Prince,
without a Desire of obeying it But I dare
trust my self no longer. r Antiochus;

94? The Loves of ©
Hir every Reply of yours staggers my Soul, and

the mare 1 bear you, the less I know my self; er
my Duty.

The Prince, as Stratonice Was about to
retire, threw himself at her Feet, and with
Tears in his Eyes, Madam, says he, I know
T rnb Ffurvive this fatal Separation; I know,
mud live to bebold your Nuptials; but the
Remnant of my Life is in my own Disposal, If
Fomnr thru after that dreadful Day mult not
dermit you to comp ssionate my Lowe, till my
Deut Hug wash'd our my Crime; tell me at
W, if I may then be assured of all your
Lee: Ty Lord, says the Queen raising
him from the Ground, I wish I could assure
ou of my Esteem on better Terms; but, let me
wo; avoid an Object which adds to your Af-
Fliction; live without a Wish of ever beholding
mr «gain ; and live, if possible, to forget the
Cause of your Sorrow. |
The Queen here, with a Heart as full of
Grief as the Prince's Eyes were of Tears,
retir'd from the Terrace towards her own *
Ajartments: The Prince continued to traverse
the Walks, thoughtful, and discon-
folate: His whole Soul taken up with the
Beauties of Stratonice, and the approaching
Happiness of his Royal Father; He began
xs | now

Du 1 N . 8

YG» Bow VF

Sean Sh

now to consider how he could support the
Sight of their Nuptials, and bear to behold
Her, in whom all the Joys of his Life were
centred, surrendred up to the Arms of his
successful Rival. Then would he comfort
himself with the vain Reflection, that
Duty and Obedience to a Father's Will,
not Choice and Inclination made her a Viaim
to Seleucus's Bed. And yet, says he, how
does that alleviate my Distress? — Since De-
Hiny bas determin'd that she should not be mine,
what matters it whether Force or Inclination
binds ber to another? Sooth nat then thy Soul

with those idle Comforts, ill-fated Antiochus!

Suppose ber fond and doating on thy Rival; suppose
thy self scorn d and insulted by her ; furnish
Imagination with a thousand Injuries to
heighten thy DiStrc/s, till thou cant render the
Burthen insupportabie, and Death will give
thee @ Release from Sorrow.

Vhilft the Prince was thus exclaiming
on his Fate, the youthful Cappadocian
Ariobarxanes approach'd him on the Terrace.
My Lord, says he, will not the Importunity
of my Friendship offend you? Am I not
troublesome in pressing on your Retirement? But
Solitade, Antiochus, encreases your Sorrows,
Wherefore do you chuse to give way to Aelan-
K 2 choly,

196 The Loves of

choly, and indulge RefieFions which prey on
your Ease? Seek the Diversions of the Court,
and Society, my Friend; let gay Enjoyments
drive out this Gloom and Anxiety of Temper:
In Pity to the Royal Seleucus assume and force
a Chearfulness ; let your Eye lool pleas d on the
Solemnity of bis Nuptial, 3 or if” none but the
most intimate Regards can touch you, let the
Charms of the youthful Arsinoe inspire you. Is
not the rismg Morn, my Lord, to surrender
her to your Arms, and have you still a Cause for

Sorrow? Is there on Earth a Remedy to relieve

peu, if the Possession of those Beauties, which yu
bave languish'd for, cannot do it? Give me not
Leave to upbraid your Passion, my Friend, when
I tell you the Transports 1 should bave felt in
calling Ismenia mine would have eras d the
Impressions of the direst Calamity. —— Alas!
my Brother, replies the Prince, you too are
deceiv'd in the Cause of my Sorrows: But dy
not, like the credulous Seleucus, indulge an
Error, and persist to think I languish for Arlinoe.
—— My Lord, says the Cappadecian again
to the Prince, I took my Opinion from that
of the Court, and gencral Surmise; but shall as

easily discard it, since you tell me tis erroneous.

But may I enquire? —— Or, if not, reprove the
Impertinence of my Curiosity : I have heard, the
generous Tigranes bad the Fortune of being infrumental

G YH” © a r S aft, 7 1 +
ö 2 * a = . — x 2 a atone 23 e ak

whe 1 . n n we ad

xx. _ XxX kk As c od. i... tos. Ce

strumental once to your Preservation s Will it not
be burthensome to you to relate, what Acciden*
had hazarded the Life of my Antiochus ; and
what Happiness brought the Favourite to yur
Relief ?

It cannot be burthensome to me, replies the
Prince, either to oblige my Brother to nv.
Power, or to proclaim the Bravery of Tigran es.
Tis a Baseness in Nature, too prevalent with
Men, rather to conceal than acknowledge Obligations
and a pernicious Artifice prompts them
on committing Wrongs, to avoid the Imputation
of being in Debt for @ Courtesy. . But this is a
Lesson, my noble Friend, I have never prattis'd ;
Honcur is nice in the Confession of a Kindness,ad
tis greater to overpay a Benefit, than to disown
the receiving of it, or lessen it in the Acłn. =
ledgment. But pardon this Digression, and tle
Moralist now shall give way to the Historian ©
You are not to learn bow ambitious my Roy: 6
Father bas been of extending his Power, y bring.
ing the most distant Realms of Asia under Sul
jection: To his War on the Caspians I wved
my first Instruction in Arms: When that Expedition
was set on Foot, and that the King
had declar'd to go himself in Person, it was determin
d to leave me at the Head of bis Regency
during his Absence : It was the Ambition of my

K 3 | Youth,

199 The Loves of

Youth rather to commence a Soldier than be
invested with the Honour of a Vice-roy : I sollicited
the King to be made a Partner of bis Glory,
and permitted to attend him in the Reduction of
that People. Seleucus, willing to encourage in
bis Son 4 Passion which burn'd so fiercely in his
o Bosom, easily condescended to my Request. 1
had the Command of the left Wing of our Army
assigned me, and the most experienc d Officers
Posted near me to take Care that my Want of
Conduct might not be of Injury to the Body. The
Caspians Hd early Intelligence of our Designs en
their Frontiers; and were nit backward in assembling
themselves, and their Confederates in
zbe Vindication of their Libertits. We encamp'd
our Forces on the Nisæan Plains, and waited
an Occasion of giving the Enemy Battle : They
with much Alacrity came out with their Troops,
end form d their spreading Camp along the Banks

of the River Straton : Their Army encreasing

every day by Supplies pour d in upon them from
the Medes, as likewise from. the State, of
Parthia and Hyrcania, it was determin d
expedient by our Councils, not to alle them

more time of strengthening, but to advance with

Resolution upon. their ay and provoke them

to a general and decistve A wo F

My Father, who seldom let the Numbers or
Encrease of his Foes dishearten his Proceedings,
with some Heat combated the Opinion of bis
Generals; and chose rather to let his Army recover
from the Fatigues of their continucd
Marches, and to re 128 himself fully in the
Country and Advantages of his Encam pment,
than too rashly to hazard a Fight on the Succ«|s
whereof would depend the Fortune of the.wh-le
Expedition. Nor were we yet reinforce d with
the oo Men which he had order d to march
from Armenia, and'who were to cover the
Rear of our Troops. Besides, it was obj: er,

that the Enemy could with no Probability denture
to begin the Attack, since we bad the Advantage
of so fair a Retreat to the Gordy æan

Hills which lay just behind us, and to which they
could in no wise have pursued us without in

credible Loss.

Nor were these prudential Considerations indeed
the only Mitives to deferring the Engagement,
for Superstition had some Sway in our Resolves,
In the Evening, whilst we were deliberating
in the Royal Tent on the future Battle,
prodigious Numbers of Birds, which seem d to «s
to rise from the Banks of Straton, along which,
as I said, the Enemy had stretch d their Body,

200 The Loves of

or from the adjacent Shores of the Caspian Sea,
tooł their flight over our Heads, and swooping
down as they pasi d us, with loud and ominous

Croakings interrupted our Councils. The consulted

Augurs declar'd against fighting, and

unanimously agreed the Omen fatal: Nor were

the Entrails of our Sacrifices more favourable to
The consulted Battle. For my own Part I must
own, I always admir'd the Sentiments of the
Trojan Hector, and the Bravery of Soul with
which he despis d these Dwellers on Omens : For
we may sit and gaze upon a few foolish Birds
till our Eyes be out; but where there is an absolute
Necessity of fighting, or any thing else,
there needs not the Authority of a Law to back
it, nor the face of a Bird to give it Countenance:
These little Superstitions, which were
first impos'd under the Colour of Religion, have
prevail d on the Vulgar, and they esteem the
Neglect of them equal to Sacriledge: Methinks,
to be so servilely tied to Observations makes cur
Reasoning despicable ; and 1 could never stoop to
embracing of Occasional Omens, or,like Themistocles,
be perswaded to encounter an Enemy,
because a Stander-by had happen d to sneeze on
bit right Hand.

Yet as if Nature bad concurrd with the

Fopperies of Superstition to intimidate our Enterprixe
3

prize, the succeeding Morning had its Terrors::
And tbo Seleucus had yielded to the Impor--
twnity of bis Generals, in spigbt of Omens to:
venture the Battle, yet was that Hour of Rage
deferr'd : For when every thing now was dis=-

posing for the Fight, and the Trumpets had their-

Signal given them for the Charge, a sudden.

2 Gloom overspread the Heavens, and the whole-
Body of the Sun was almost darkend : This:
Accident gave our Army no small Consternation,,
Vo judg d the unusual Defection of Light to.
proceed from the Anger of the Gods. A Council:
u immediately call'd, and'the Sooth-sayers a
gain consulted. Amyntas an Old Commander im
bur Army, and who bad been a Fellow-warrior-
with my Father in the Time of tbe Great Alexan--
der, cited an Instance of the like Terror that fell!

on that Prince's Army when at Arbela: The:

Moon, says he, most Royal Seleucus, was;

then afflicted as we now behold the Sun::

7 TheCaldeans, who were summon'd to explain
the Omen, told us the Sun was the:
Planet which regarded the. Grecians, the:

Afflictions of the Moon boded ill to- the:
Persians; let us then remember we are the:
Sons of Greece, and fear to tempt our For
tune whilst the God, who presides. C
aur Country, labours with Darkness.

—_— | Ev of . |
This Inflance, so seasonably farted to the Occasion,
had all its Weight with my Father and
the Council: And it carried such a force of Religion
with it, that the thoughts of Batzle were
instantly suspended, and it.almost became a Subect
of their Debate, whether they should nit © ©
break up the Expedition: But the Consultations
ended in a Lustration of the Army, and frequent
Sacrifices to the Sun. Ct

— hun —

3 Whilf our Reslutions were thus kept at a

Stand thro the Terrors of Omens and Accident.
of Nature, Deserters, that came thick from the
Enemy's Camp, confirm d to us that their Apprebensions.
exceeded ours: And so strong a Fear
bad seiz,d their whole Body, that the Officers *
Iabour d with the utmist Diligence to keep their
Soldiers from entirely disbanding. Not bing
could so powerfully re-enimate our Forces, as |
this Assurance 4, the Fright their Adversaries
Were under. 1he God of Day had by ibis time
shook off be Darkness which but now abscur d bu
Glory ; and cur Men, as if rais d to Life with
is returning Lustre, reassum'd their Spirits and
Courage; and burn d with Eagerness of trying
the Battle.

<ACTST SD 2EIREEASIY!

Dewan.

As it may be dangerous to lead an Army to
the Fight, when 1heir Souls are quell d and pre-
polsess'd Þ

—— — — ob — — —

„% „% ⁵⅛;B . ðò
” — - —ä—Dᷓ—ᷓ—— —

Ahtiöchus and Stratonice. 203
pasesid with Apprebensiuns, so it is imprudent

to restrain them, and an Abatement to their -

pd * Vigour, when their Zeal for Engaging seems to +
all presage the Vittory. The Soldiers arm d
J * about their Leaders, and with Murmurs of In

2 patience beg d Leave to attack the Enemy. Ay
Father took- hold of their Readiness as an Omen
of Success, and gave immediate Order for
marching down on the Enemies Camp. Himelf
with the Flower of our Syrian Cavalry
rush'd on the Left Flank of their Army, and
after a short but hot Dispute put their Hors2 +
into Disorder. I was not slow in following
the Example of my Victoriom Sire, and with -
no less fury pour d in my Cavalry on their
Right Wing: The Onset was tog shary and
vigorous for them long to resist, and I found it

no hard. Labour to put them to the Rout : For
1. bas seldom happen'd that any Afintick
Troops could withstand the Firmness of one
Macedonian Phalanx. Whils* the Caspian
Bands were thus gor d on each Side, and
Hater seem d alm st resolv d to rest om o.
Standards, some Legions of Parthian Hane,
p who were placd in the Centre of the- Enes
> wies Battle, press'd in on our Infantry; and
forc'd them to. give Gromd with no fal!
Slaughter : My Father and Self obseroing +
te Mi: fortune, Hen dach Side, as by Con -

204 The Loves of

sent, detachd a Part of our Troops to their

Relief, and again turn d the Fortune of the
Fight.

But now, my Ariobarzanes, followed the
Disaster, which to remember renews my Blushes
for that Levity of Youth, which made me
sacrifice Conduct to Rage and Rashness, and
overlook Danger thro' an Eagerness after Vitor.
When I had thes sent off Part of my
Forces to another Service, 1 continued to pursue
wy Advantage on the Enemy, and push'd
them with. so much Fury, that not being
able to retreat they fled with Precipitation
even to the Banks of Straton. Here, as if
Shame or Despair had dictated Resolution,
or rather as if they had purposely fled to draw
me to the Pursuit, they made a Stand at once,
and form d themselves with inexpressible Dex-
Ferity into a wide Half-Moon : whilf# 1 with
some Surprize beheld them rallying so unexpectedly,
we were mo Jess alarm'd with loud
Shoutings from the Left ; when turning our
Eyes to a Wood, which was cover d with
4 Morass, we found our selves faln into a
dangerow Ambush: and that the Barbarians
exulted to see as plung'd in the Toyl.

No sooner bad we learnt from whence the
Shout!

WD we.

Eb TR. ˙² ͥ ͥ . ac. a a 4 -

Shouts arose, but we were bemmd in by
the Adwance of the Ambuscaders, and fiercely
attack d on every Side, I was not so much
concern d for the Danger of my own Person,
as troubled that my Rashness bad sacrific'd
the Lives of my brave and honest Followers,
Countrymen, and Fellow-Soldiers, said J,
let us not be dishearten'd at being thus
foully beset, but let the Greatness of
the Danger serve to incite our Courages;
Behold your Prince, who has led you
into this Misfortune, ready with his
Blood to redeem the Error of his Conduct!
Let us try again to rout these
once vanquish'd Fugitives, or if Fate has
decreed that they shall conquer, lee
us remember we are the. Succeslors of
Alexander, and teach the Foe in our
Deaths to mourn their Vidory,

Soldiers shouted, and with undaunted Resolution

fell into the Ranks of the loose and

disjointed Caspians. But we were not 4
little annoy d with the Darts, and Manner
of Fighting which we met with, from a new
and unocquainted Enemy. It happen d that
the Force which they had placd in Ambush
Was compos d of Parthians; 4 People, who
Fight best when their Horses are on full Speed,
and do the greatest Damage when they seem

S206 The Love, of

to run from the Battle, They would be an
insupportable Foe, could they stand the shock
of War with the same Fierceness as they
begin the Attack. Yet generally in the very
Heat of the Engagement, they quit their
Ground, and, counterfeiting Flight to draw |
their uncautions Pursuers to their Darts, in

an Instant again turn, and renew the Fight ; |

so that when you most think you have over—
come, even then arises the greatest Danger.

In this wheeling Conflict many of the For
were born down with our Lances, and many
of mine transfix d with their mortal and unering
Shafts: Put so fur did they exceed
a in Number, and such Advantage had
they from the Course of the Engagement, which
was Native to them, but to which my Syrians
were Strangers, that had not à timely Suocour
come in, we must bave inevitably been
destroy d in the Fray, or oblig d to submit
to 4 barbarom Enemy, at whose Hands we
could not have expected: Quarter.

But the Great Gods, in whose Eternal
Hands are the Isues of the Battle, preserv d
me from the Shame of so base an Overthrow |
The Troops, (which, as I before told you, we
bad detach d from our Wings to relieve the

Centre,)

Centre,) had new entirely discomfited the Caspian
Infantry: That Body which was [ent

from my Royal Father was beaded *by

Tigranes ; who, when the Assurance of 4
Conquest gave him Time to breath, surveying
the Field with a watchful Eye, beheld me at a
Difance from the Army, and encompass d
wich the Foe., Behold, {aid he, as J afterwards
learnt , While Fortune seems to
smile on our Arms on every Side, what
fatal Danger has incircled your Antiochas !
Let us crown our Victory with the Rescue
of our Prince; or, failing, turn our
Swords against our Breasts, and attend
him to the Shades below. He needed no

more prevailing Argument to intite ha Followers

than the Notice of my Danger; nor
needed I the Advantage of my Birth to second
bu Generesity, or spur him on to an Action
which Friendship and Honour dictated as much
as Loyalty. |

Fust as he arriv'd, with that Speed as if,
like Perseus, be had been mounted on a
winged Courser, I had the Misfortune to have
my Hurse shot under me. A Parthian Dart,
which flew with as much Force as if sent from
an Engine, entring at his Eye; and. piercing

bro be Faw, transfix'd bis Chest © When the

Beast

ͤ— —Ũ ENTS

ꝙEÿ&õ6..— ?:ũ7ꝰvvpt . IS

a . by

—— ow >—— _ _— — 7＋ — —

— — n a _=_ 1 — — — — — — —
— - . —_— by — — 2 * — 3 = 5 - == — —
— 2 2- . — 1 TIED > GC - — x
— Ia . — — — — gr — — = —

— ——MT::i —ęAuĩ0 x.

203 The Loves of
Beast with iheSurprize and Agony of the Wound, ©
plunging with Violence threw me over his
Head. Tho the Shock of the Fall, for I was ©
prostrate on the Ground, had almost stunn |

me, yet the Sense 7 my Danger beat so strong

an Alarm, that springing up, e er a sturdy
Caspian, who had dismounted with Intent
to make me bis Prisoner, could bid me yield, |
I with my Sword and Lance stood on my | ©
Defence ; and at last, as my daring Adversary
prest in upon me, with one successful Thrust 1
nail d him to the Earth.

Bat scarce bad I leisure to disengage my
Sword from the Wound, e er Numbers of
the Foe rush'd upon me to revenge bim. Then,
my Ariobarzanes, destitute as I was of
my Horse, and' exposed to the Insults of a
surrounding Enemy , what could I think of
more than of falling like a Soldier, and
digging my self a Monument of Carcasses

ew'd around me? But even in that Infant
when I bad arm'd my self for Death,
when the Impossibility of Surviving had urg d
me to grow Desperate , Tigranes darted
like @ Meteor thro the Press, and redeem d
me from Rain: The brandishd Sword was
falling on my Crest, when with a swift and

well-gim'd Stroke he lopp d off the Arm which:

was rear d to my Destruction. Nor was 4
angle Wound sufficient to distinguish bis
Heroick Gallantry: With such Force was
the Arm disseverd from the Body, that
the falling Sword, grasp d as it was with
the bleeding Limb, transfix d the Throat of

Another Caspian. Aw'd with this Accident,

as if they fear d some Divinity oppos d them,
the Dastard Crew benumbd with Amazement
suspended the Slaughter 5; when Tigranes's
Troops, breaking in with Violence,
made them an easy Prey to our Fury, Now
again did Victory smile on our Battle, again
was the Pursuit renew d with Vigour ; when
whole Troops of Caspians to avoid the

Sword plung'd beadlong with their Horses

into the opposing Flood. Say, my Friend,
was not this a gloricus Action? Ought I not
to record Tigranes in my Memory? Is it
not a Rescue might do Honcur to Poetry,
and grace the Annals of the nobless Historian ?
But I hawe been too tediom in the Process
of my Story, and tir'd your Attention out with
the Detail.

O pardon me, my Lord, this seeming
Daliness, replies the Cappadocian earnestly ;
By Heaven | My Soul was busy with the
Wonders, and all my Faculties employ'd -

the -

210 The Loves of
the Scene of your Deliverance, 1 had form

t be Image of your Danger in my Mind = gl
and my Breast was swelling with Emulatim ( þ
of Tigranes's Bravery. Now by the He. Þ 55

neurs of by Sword, the glory of that Action

adorns bis Brow above the Splendour of an f
Eastern Diadem. O my Antiochus, wha: r

would I give to be that wondrous Man]! II bat

Transports would this one Idea yield me, that

in saving my Brother's. Life I bad deserv'd hi; p

Love!

I am Poor in wanting Power to return
such Kindness, says. the Prince embracing F ,
him, bat you need not wish to rob Tigranes ,
of bis Praise. Believe me, Ariobarzanes, |
there is a secret Attraction in your Virtue
commands my Love: and that Esteem, which ;
IT must from Sympathy bear you , supplies |
all those Offices on which more vulgar Friendships
are establish'd, But Professions like these
belong to Women and Flatterers. Let our
Affection, like the Lamps in cur Monuments,
burn silently in cur Breasts without a Breath
of Air to discompose its Flame.

My Lord , says the Cappadocian interrupting
the Prince, methinks we are Wander
d too loosely from our Subject: 1 would

gladly

gladly keep the History of your Reseue in Lien;

4 iis sen l ts my elf something Noble
# chat folow'd, the Action: Tigranes must
have been Transported with the Consequence

F bis Valeur; and the good Old Ring rejoje
d more in your Safety, than in the Tri-

umpl of bis Arms.

Since you court the Relation 5 says the
Prince again, 1 will pursue it with its Circumstances.
I told you how the Heat of our
Pursuit drove the frighted Foe to take Shelter
in the Current; but few could make their way

to the farther Bank; the Fierceness with which

their Horses plung d, and the Agitation of the
Waves from a tempestuous Wind, made their
Attempts of Swimming almost impracticable;
and those who escapd were rather toss d on
Shore by the Billiws, than carried by any
Efforts of their own, Me were now almost
arriv'd to the Banks of the River, and could
take a Prospect of the promiscuous Hawvock,
(Men, Arms, and Horses floating on the Tide,)
when a Retreat was sounded from the Right
of our Army, Now had 1 leisure to make
my Acknowledgements to Tigraties , when
as if Ambitious to outstrip. me in Conte,
be leap d from bis Horse and embracing my
Knees, (for I too had dismounted ,) My
Prince !

212 he Loves of

Prince! says be, permit me to congta.
tulate my Fortune, and bless the Gods
who made me the Minister of your Þ
Safety, We now may boast of Victoy Þ

without a Blush , and compliment my
Royal Master on his Caspian Subjects. But

how had we mourn'd the Fortune of our Þ
Arms, if while his Syria conquer'd, 4s- Þ
t iochus had perish'd! Raising him from the Þ
Ground, and clasping him to my Besom, 1

hope Syria, (said J) if she joys in my

Preservation, will study to esteem the

Generous Warrior to whose Valour I owe
it: And Seleucus must be proud of so great
a Subject, who can at Will turn the Scale

of Battle, and compleat his ViRories,

Perhaps I might say more on the Merit of
his Action, and my own Gratitude : But
J bave not charg'd my Memory with those
Particulars, I had then on a Purple Belt
which hung from my Shoulder, and was richly
fudded Jer with Rows of Diamonds; (It wa
a Present indeed 1 should not have parted with
but on so signal an Occasion, since I receiv d
it from the Hand of the Reverend Intaphernes,
who was my Mother's Father:) Let
this Belt, said I, my Tigranes, pulling it of,
and delivering it into bis Hands, be a Witness
for me that I prize your Service ;

and grace it with your Wearing to keep
my Memory of your Virtues fresh, and re-
proach me with Ingratitude when I forget
to esteem you. He bow'd, I remember, and

told me he would wear it with Pride as my
Gift ; but beg'd it might not upbraid me with

the Memory of an Act, which be knew. bu
Duty, and counted hs Happiness. |

We nw rode back to meet my Royal Father,

whise Count enance wore all the Marks of Pleasure
and Triumph which his Success and our Arrival

could inspire ; we found him standi "5

near an Altar of Turf and Stone, at whic

the Sacred Priests attended with frefuent Vidim:
when, as We came near, advancing to
a stately Bull (the Beast, you know, which
we appropriate in Sacrifice to the God of War ;)
This Bull, says be, I sacrifice not to Mart,
but Tigranes the Victor, And no sooner bad
he utter d the Words, but with hs drawn Sabre
at one Blow be cleft the Scull; and the
Beast without a Groan fell dead to the Earth.

I had wt perhaps inflancd this Proof of
bs Strength, but that I obsery'd you the other
Day admiring a Picture in our Palace- Hall,

which i the ohms of the Great Apelles :

It coutains the Image of my Father in bis Prime
of Tears forcibly bolding # Bull by the _—_—

214 The Loves of ;
And the Occasion of this Draught, as likewi: |
of his Statues wrought by Ly lip pus, which al. 1
ways represent him in the same Posture, ar;
from this Accident. On a certain Time a
Alexander was sacrificing amidst his Captains, 4
Bull in Rage breaking locse srem his Cords, ad
attempting his Escape, my Father alone lad
bold of bis Horns, and, fopping bim in his Career,
drag d bim back to the Altar. | :

To return from the Digressi.n, and pass over
the several Expressions of Kindness and. Duty
bet unt my Fatber and Tigranes, we proceeded
to rerurn the:God: Thanks by Sacrifice ; at which |
Solemnisß, if rbe Complaisance of our Priest
did not by sore Secret contribute to the Miracle,
there fell out something most Singular and Au-
spicions': "Far the Wood which was laid for
consuming 'of the Offering „Without any visible
Application r Fire, Has d cut suddenly mo
à bright and mounting Flame. Pigranes, ho
before scocd in $oo Grace with my Father,
was for bis particular Service in that Expedition
put at the Head of our Syrian Cavalh,
Post be stil continues to bold; and at the Return
of the Ceurt hither, auas created Treasurer
of the Military Loans, and Governor of the
Casile hore in Antioch.

OI ep es ne mp in SPE 4 IA -

My Lord, says Ariobarzanes observing
the Prince to make a Pawse, if Recompense
could be equi valent to the Generosity of Ti-
pranes's Valowr (as Loyalty and Honour do not
weakly prescribe such Action) the Profusions
if Kindness and Profit which hav? been re
jb him, leawe neither Seleucus nor jour
ef in Debt to bis Merits. And th Gratis
rude, in the N tions of exalted Souls, is unlimited
in its Payments, yet when Liberality
has been strain'd to Recompence, when Acknows
ledoements have been large, suecessive, and uninterrupted,
we may reckon we have equitably
discharg'd the Obligation, and obwiate Scruples
of too much Nicety. The Prince here
laying his Hand on the Cappadocian s, and
smiling at his S»phistry, Hold, my Friend,
lays he, for 1 perceive to what Point you are
driving hour Argument: I dare pronounce Arsinoe
was at the bottom of your Thoughts, and
you still will take Part against your Friend
with an Error. Were you not going to infer,
m Brother, that if my Soul were captivated
with that Fair One, tho she be the darling Mistress
of Tigrancs, yet I should not do a wrong 10
Gratitude or Honour, in robbing bim of her

Beauties? But 1 bave already protested by the
Rights of Friendship, by all the sacred Regards
of Honour, by that Dearness of Love, which

216 The Loves of

may the Gods preserve *betwixt ws | never dil
I dien her Beauties with the Eye of Desire :
The Royal Seleucus mocks himself with hi;
Tenderness, and Tigranes torments himself ait.
unreasonable Fealousie. - O Ariobarzanes!
Shall I unfold the Labour of my Besom? Shall
I give Breath to that mysterious Passion, which
I bave so religiously scrupled to disclose ?----.-
But swear to me, by all the Reverence if
your Father's Head, or ought that is mort
binding and sacred to your Thoughts, that you
will not divulge the Secret I shall declare to

My Lord, says the Cappadocian, looking
earnestly on the Prince, gon mistrust my
Faith, let the important Tale remain fill a
Secret; or if you 75 the Ceremony of an

Oath to assure you of my Silence, and binł
that Conjurations add Weight to Promises, by
all those Ties that you have urged, and by
the Sincerity of my Love----== Enough, my
Friend; replies the Prince interrupting him,
and forgive an Adjuration, which meant rather
to express my Concern for what I should
utter, than any Suspicion or Distrust 0 a
Fidelity. Nu are not a Stranger to my bein
sent to Macedon, nor to learn that the chi
Business of my going to that Court was jo

the condafling of Stratonice hither : Shall I
summ up to you the History of my Residence
with Demetrius, and relate to you what Accident
first infected me with that Passion, which
fill preys on my Health, and loads me with
Despair ? J shall be proud, says the Cappadocian
again, to grow acquainted with the Mysery
of your Fortunes; but not to interrupt the
Series of your Story, how came it that Demetrius{
whose Father and yours were still at War
with each other, even from the Death of Alexander
;) now contracts such an Alliance with
Seleucus, as to consent to the Uniting of your
Families by bis Daughter's Marriage.

Policy, replies the Prince, which makes
States and Princes forget Animosities as easily
as Friendships, I believe, had no small Hand in
this Union ; but that you may weigh it in your
own Fudgment, take the best Account of our AF
fairs that I can give you. When Lysimachus
(of whose Prowess in vanquishing Lyons,
no doubt, but you have heard:) p d the Hellespont
with bis Forces from Thrace into
Phrygia, and began to make hot War upon
the Subjects of Antigonus, the Father of this
Demetrius; he bad great Reinforcements
brought him by my Sire from Babylon, as well
as potent Aid from the 1 Ptolemy :

218 The Loves of

I was carried up to ths War, the Second Cam—
paigne that ever I made: Antigonus was
ready with bis Army, and gave us Battle en
the Plains near Ipsus, 4à City of Phrygia. Bu:
Fatal to him was the Tue of that Fight, fer
the Revolt of bi Forces lost bim the Field
and Want of an expected Rescue by his Son
cost bim bus Life. The Old Monarch being
slain, and the Victory Ours, Demetrius, glad
to save what of his Forces he could, made a
speedy Retreat to Ephesus, lately so famuus
for Diana's Temple; but which a Wretch, find
of being recorded tho to bus Infamy, set en
Fire that ver) Night in which Alexander
was born.

Demetrius's broken Fortunes, that would not
admit bim to rest there, oblig d bim to make
the best of bis Way for Athens; a Place
which be judg d would suffer any Extremity,
zo shew' how much they were indebted. For
Antigonus, if perchance you may not have
beard it, to redeem bis Name from the Infamy
of Cleopatra's Murther, (who was the
Sister of the great Alexander,) purposing to
undertake the Liberty of Greece, had formerly
sent Demetrius with a strong Army
and Fleet to perform this Exploit, who began
at Athens to set the Country free: Who! ”

—_ R Wh MC 8 k 7
7 _— — * 6 G een nnn ũ EE —a
nas 2 þ os 3 8 2 . 4 5 < X 5 r *
\ 2% ,-# 4 ni mo R 92 RL; "SON „„ 22 n 1 * 3 i F> 4» 6 te
0 4 PIE FS = „ 2 2 EAR.

AS 3 * £4 2 N * 3 * £4 bo %
et er a I

P 2 a * » you

R r OP

I Par >. AO. 2%

transported City, (a shameful Instance, my
Friend, to what servile Flatteries the noblest
States may sometimes descend.) in Gratitude
for their Freedom restor d, decreed the Name
of King to be given to Antigonus and Demetrius
wor fopping there, consecrated the
place where Demetrius leap'd from his Chas
riot, when he entred their City, and built an
Altar to bim as their Tutelar Deity : nay, so
forward were they of conferring new Honours

on him, that they made one Decree, that

whatsoever thing Demetrius should command,
ought to be held sacred with the
Gods, and just with Men, |

But now the Scene of Flattery was shifted,

and, (to shew yu how soon Respect can cool
upon our Adversity,) whilsf Demetrius was

ull in bis Course for that City, the Athenian

Embassadors met him on the Road, with this
unexpected Decree of the People, that none of
© the Kings should be admitted _ within _ their
Mall. Thus whilf Ingratitude frown'd on
bis Calamity, fresh Misfortunes from every
Quarter weaken d his Affairs. His Garrisons

were broken up, and his Soldiers revolted';

bis Dominions parcelling out amongst the Conquerors,

and himself scarce in a Condition to

L 2 defend

220 The Loves of
defend those few Places which yet held out so

This swift Depression of Demetrius iy
Power, and the signal Advantages which
accrued to my Father from the Vittory, mad:
the Confederate Princes now Fealous of bit
Grandeur : They consulted to oppose his Growth
in Time, not a little fearful least be should
become as dangerous as Antigonus bad formerly
been. Seleucus, who was not ignorant

of the Counsels they determin d, and who !

new will that State- Policy never would permit
the overgrowing Greatness of a Neighbour,
to secure bis own Power, and countermine
their Artifice, then consented to hearken
#0 an Accommodation with Demetrius, And
then was this Union of our Families concerted,
as a Sanction to their Friendship, and te make
the League firmer than the Ties of common Interest
could bind it.

Thus far 1 have gone back, my Friend, in
Compliance to your Question, to inform yu
in what State my Father stood, and on what
Motive: his Reconciliation with Demetrius F
was accomplishd. I am new to pursue the :
Story of my Residence at that Prince's Court;
whither, as you know, I was employ'd in Order

to my Father's Nuptials. The Time of my
Absence was limited to 2 Months; an Allow=
ance more than suffitient for the Business
of my Errvassy, tho not too large for the Opportunity
of seeing the Countries thro which
I pass d: For that I might not lose an Occasion
of growing acquainted with some Part of our
Domivions, I was enjoin d to travel by Land
to Smyrna. And that nothing might be
wanting, either to my Pleasure or Improvement,
I was accompanied in this Fourney
by the grave and learned Megasthenes, bows
jou have seen in our Court; and whose Genius
and Conversation my Father oft bas recommended
to me from his own Experience. Nor
was I disappointed in the Man, whose very
Talk was the Compendium of a History :
He bad attended my Father in his Expedition:
to India, and by being employ'd in bis Transactions
with Sandracottus, and other Kings
of those distant Climes, has contracted so intimate
an Acquaintance with their Countries
and Customs, that the written Legacy he will
leave the World of his Travels thither will

render bim dear to the most remote Posterity,

if, happily, it shall. survive- the Injuries of

Time,

The Vessels which were to Convoy me over
L 3 the

222 The Loves of

the Rgean waited my Embarquement in
the Bay of Smyrna: 4 Town which was rebuilt
by Antigonus and Lysimachus, «©
the Ground which the Old Folian City of
that Name once (food, and which bad been
demolish'd above four hundred Years. Here
whilst 1 was surveying the Pomp and Beauty
of the Edifices, I was addressd by the venerable
Heraclides, who was come from Pontus,
and was going for Alexandria to present
Ptolemy with the Manuscripts of the
antient Thespis's Tragedies.

But not to swell my Discourse with to
many Particulars, I will pass forward to my
Arrival at the Macedonian Court: Demetrius
then resided at the City of Pella,
not a little enobled by the Birth of Philip,
and the greater Alexander. I need not recount
to you my Reception with the King,
or what Addition of Respect I met from his
Subjefts, who all crouded to pay their Devcirs
to the Sen of Seleucus. No Sports were
omitted, or Solemnities spar d to express my
Wellcome, or - make me wish for my Return
to Antioch. The Magnificence of the Palace,
and the rare and immense Treasures which
3⁴⁴ been collected by the preceding Monarchs,

re mo ungrateful Amusements to Me,
whose

whose Eye till then bad been a Stranger in
Macedon, |

One Day as I was surveying the Riches
and Furniture of the Regal Dome, attended
by Megasthenes and some few of my
Followers, we were led thro along and spacious
Gallery to wiew the Apartments of the
Princess and ber Attendants; for the fair
Stratonice 24s then from Pella, and with
her Brather Antigonus gone to Larisla: (a
Town of no common Note or Beauty, lying
on the Northern Confines of Thessaly, and
which Philip, when he came down from
his Illyrian Conquests, surprix d and made
Subject to the Macedonian Empire.) So:
cur Access was free to the Virgin Chamben,
which, had she been present, were Retirements sacred
only to herself and Train, and to which
none of our Sex might presume to press.

My Lord, says Ariobarzanes to the
Prince, not to interrupt you with Enquiries
of Ignorance, ws Greece so jealous of ber
Women's Honour, or so averse to their Pleasure,
as to confine the Sex 10 so strict a Separation,
and debar them from the Society
and Conversation of Mankind? Methinks,
it 4 Severity which savours of Envy and

224 The Loves of
Moroseness, to keep them restrain'd from 4

Commerce of Innocence ; and their Fears or
Niceties pursue a Method therein, which nejtber
Reason nor Discretion seem to prescribe.

My Friend, replies the Prince, "tis in
wain to dispute the Arbitrariness of Custom,
that in all Apes and Places of the World
bas establish'd Points of Conduct, which would
make Reason or Discretion blush to be the
Founders of. Is there an Extravagance in Na-
Fure, which somewhere is not warranted by
Practise? What shall we say to their Scythian
Nora, where Fathers are allowed the incest u-
o Embrace of their own Daughters? What to
those Indians, who count it a Disgrace in Age
or Sickness to expect their Death, and order
themselves to be burnt alive? Greece, like
Persia, is strict in the Discipline and Restraint
of her Virgins ; nor suffers them to appear in
Publick, unless cover d with Veils: when Lacedæmon,
differing in os from ber Neig h-
bors, weils ber Wives in Publick, and suffers
ber Virgins to display their Charms. My Lord,
I am satisfied, says the Cappadocian again,
and beg you to resume your Story where you left
off. — At the End of the Gallery, replyed the

Prince, the Docrs open d to @ spacious Antechamber,

Antiochòs and Stratonice. 225
chamber, adorned with tbe richest Asian Tapistry,
and most exquisite Paintings. Amongst
the latter, I was charm'd with one Piece at the
upper End of the Room, and which as I thougbtwas
design d for Diana. It may seem strange
to you to hear what violent Impressions this
lovely Tablet made on my Senses : So curiously
bad Art perform d this Master- piece of Imitation,
that it appear d like Nature outdone by,
Excellence, as the Form of a Divinity might be
suppos'd to surpass that of a Mortal Beauty.

Mere I to explain the Passion it inspired in my
Breast, I must call it Desire check d with Aue
and Veneration of the Goddess. I cone could
have paz d, till I had strain d the Nerves: of
Sight to Blindness; and then only lamented the
Want of Eyes, for being no longer bie to viewits
Beauties, It is so impossible for me to describe
the Loweliness of the Form and Air, that”
neither Thoughts nor Words can reach a fußt:
Idea of its Excellence. Such Symmetry of Fea=
tures, and Proportion of Body | Such 2 Mixture
of Sweetness, and Majestz in the Mien! Such»
Delicacy of Complexion - as pain d the Eyes-tsdwell
on its Whiteness, and: yet” so temper d
with a Suffusion of Red, thut the blended Co
lours were lust in each other, yet seem'd io rive
for Mustery !*Such- Hair that loosely slow din»

Ls; Ringlets,,

226 The Loves cf

Ringlets, as if the Wind could wanton thr,
11 Curls! Such lovely Breasts as you might
bave sworn had Warmth and Motion, and
beav'd and fell on the animated Canvas ! Such
Hands as might have made Monarchs contemn
#beir Diadems to kiss them ! And Eyes that,
Ile the Sun, seem'd designed to chear the World,
and claim its Adoration | O Ariobarzanes, J
could turn Poet in its Description, yet want
Raptures to express its Dignity.

Miegasthenes, who saw my Eyes were riwetted
to this delightful Object, The Painter,
said be, My Lord, may triumph in the
Merit of his Labor, whose Art has not
only a Power of commanding your Eyes,
but seems to have captivated your Soul:
The Zeal and Admiration with which you
dwell on this Picture, makes me think, my
Prince, you would count it your Happiness
to meet with that Imperial Beauty
who should resemble this fancied Excellence.
By Heaven, said I, I must think
it Prophanation to suppose that any bumane
Charms can rival those ; and I e-
qually wonder how the Painter could
frame to himself an Idea of such inimitable
Beauty, and with what Happiness of Art

he could teach his Pencil to express his

3 — TY. <P ww ” the

Conception. Diana her self, to be the
more ador'd, must have appear'd to him
for the Likeness ; and some God has directed
his Pencil to hit it. See ! continued
I, How in every Part it speaks that Divinity
which we could but distantly conceive
! See, how inviting, yet awful are
her Glances! And how Austerity is chastisd
with Sweetness! Is there not something
so irresistibly winning, that it insinuates
Desire even whilst it strikes us with
Veneration ? Is there not an inimitable:
Elegance in the Mien? And is not the
Whole so full of Life and Fire, as to make
us covet it for a Mistress, when we mult.

survey it as a Deity ?

The grave old Man smil'd to hear me so c
tatick in my Comendation, and told me that:
for ibe future he should not think the Tyrian
Fable so strange, or wonder at Pygmalion fordoating
on a Statue, when he found I was be--
come enamour d of a Picture. And I almost
am sorry, continued he, since you have taken
such Impressions of Love, that the:
noble Draught ihould express a Goddess,
and not be copied from the Charms of:

{ome mortal Beauty. 5
Sca reise

228 The Loves of

Scarce had Megasthenes finishd his Complement,
e er Bagoas, an Eunuch and a Favourite
in the Court, inform d us that tho
in the Arms and abi it resembled Diana,
get the Form and Features were of the Princess
Stratonice. You may imagine, my Brother,
the Surprixe and Confusion I was in on. this
Notice; an instant trembling seix d my Limbs,
wy Blood ran cold, and a Sickness, as if I
Lad been struck with Death, took Possession of

wy Heart. My Lord, said Megasthenes,
perhaps perceiving my Disorder, I fear I must
retra& my Sentiments, and rather wish it
were a real Diana, than the Princess it represents,
or that ---- Megasthenes, said I,
interrupting bim hastily, and struggling to recover
from my Disorder, When I prais'd that
curious Piece of Art, which as I thought
was the Resemblance of a Goddess, I saw
its Beauties with a View of Adoration ; I
hall henceforward consider it as a Miracle
of Painting, and as the Likeness of a
Lady whose Virtues I shall more admire
than her Charms, and One whom T shail
rather study to reverence thar praise.

But tho I had Resolution oy to disguise
and coneeal my Sentiments, I could not so decei
ve my wounded Heart, or shake off the 7

presions which this beauteous Tablet had fix'd on
my Imagination. The Idea of its Charms still
occur'd to my Thoughts : I long d perpetually to
repeat my View of it; and wish'd, yet fear d,
to bebold the lovely Princess whose Form and
Semblance it bore. a

Do you not already, my Ariobarzanes, begin
to presage the Misfortunes of your Friend ;
do you not foresee in what Perplexity capricious
Fate has begun to involve him? But, ob! F
the faint Resemblance of her Charms could thus
affect me, how muss the more bright Original
ubdue my Soul! She appear d, my Friend,
with all the Lustre of Beauty in its Bloom,
with all the Glare of her native Charms, and
the Advantages of Prepossession to beighten their
Influence. But wherefore do I talk to you of ber
Beauties, who have seen and know them? Yet,
yet let me tell thee, if ought can exceed the
Graces of ber Person, it must be the Delicacy of
her Mind and Sweetness of ber Temper. The
Import of my Embassy made my Access to ber
free and frequent; the Royal Demetrius introduc
d me to her Conversation, and bade her
regard me as the Sen of the Monarch to whose
Arm. she as destin d. |

230 The Loves of

If the Lwoeliness of her Mien and Face, if
the Vivacity and Turn of her Wit, if the Charm;
of ber Delivery and Carriage all contributed 0
give me Pleasure, the sole Reflection to whise
Bed she was determin d overbalanc'd them with
Pain. 1 could have gaz%d till my Eyestrings
bad crack'd, yet been unsatisfied with looking;
1 could have listen d to the Musick of her Tongue,
till Attention bad been loft in Deafness, yet been
AnWeary of her Tall: I could have sat by ber,
insen sible of the gliding Hours, till Age or Death
bad surpriz'd me in ber Company, and yet complain
d of the niggard Fates for contracting the
Blising. But engaging, lovely, and adorable
as She was, still she was the destin d Wife if
Seleucus ! Could 1raise my Eyes to admire her
Beauties, and not condemn the Impiety of my
Desires ? Could I indulge the Pleasure of bearing
ber talk, and not in my Wishes wrcug a

Father ? Painful was the Struggle betwixt

Love and Duty, Honour and Disire. I found
it impossible to subdue my Passion, I was resolutely
determin'd to preserve my Fidelity ; and
as I could not wanquish my. Love, to fall a silent
Victim to its Power. | |

My Lord, says Aricbarzanes, perceiving
the Prince to pause, could your Heart and

Eyes be thus full of Passion, and the 2

Stratonice be a Stranger to your Pain? Or
was she sensible, and, like the cruel Sex, dissembled

the Knowledge, and gloried in her Triumphs?

O! Wrong her not with Imputations,
replies the Prince interrupting him, of Art
or Cruelty. By Heaven! She is sincere as
Truth, and gentle as Mercy. ---- No, Ariobarzanes,
she was Ignorant and Guililess of
my impious Love: I taught my treacherous
Heart the Trick of Hypocrisy ;. and languish'd
in Private without confessing my Passion, Yet
when an involuntary Sigh has swell d my Bosom,
when I have turn d Pale with Despair F ber
Beauties, she bas gently enquired the Cause of
my Sadness, and aikd with Concern if I felt
not some Disorder. Then has her Compassion.
added Feel to my Flame, and aggravated
Diftraion ! How oft have I strove to repress
the bursting Tears; how oft been on the very
Brink of disclosing my Crime ? ---- But Love,
like Age, is Talkative and Impertinent; I
could talk down the Sun on this Theme, my
Brother, and still leave her Praises and my
Sorrows untold: The Prince here again
suspended his Story; and, like a drooping
Flower oppress'd with Dew, lean'd his
Head on the Cappadociaus Breast. When,
My Friend, says he to Anicchas, throwing
his Arm over him, will you still permit the

Inper-

232 The Loves of
Impertinence of my Enquiries ? When yu consented
to unravel the Mystery of your Passion, it
was to convince me that you sigh d not for Arsinoe:
May I then learn-what Motive induc]

Jou to alarm the King with the Picture of that
Princess ? |

O pardon me the forgetfulness of my Passon,
replies the Prince; that Error was the Piint
T intended to explain- to you : You must know,
my Ariobarzanes, that being so transported
with that lovely Picture which I took for Diana,
but which was a Resemblance.of the ad:-
rable Stratonice, I beg'd of Demetrius, cer
the Princess return d to the Court, that he weld
permit Me a Copy of that Noble Piece of Art,
As my Request met with.no Repulse on his Side,
so there was no Delay on mine to seck out a
Hand capable of doing it Fustice: There was

bappily then at Pella the famous Theban,

whose misterly Pencil bad finish d the Original,
Aristides was bis Name, of whose Performance
we boast that celebrated Tablet in our Palace,

which contains the Persians Querthrow by

Alexander. And it is the distinguishing Character

of this admirable Painter, that he cen

teach bis Colours to express the Passions as justly.

as the Features; I employ'd bim to make me the
Cepy in Miniature, into which be transferr 4

as tn. i,

ons. I 21] the Beauties of the larger, which so powerit
I fully bad charm'd me. When it was finish'd,
© 1 had it curiously set in Gold, and chas d with
Jewels of that Richness and Lustre, as suffi
© ciently testified my Esteem for the Picture.

Demetrius, possibly, conceiv'd that I meant

„ I this as @ Present for my Royal Father. and
vt I which was to forestal my Arrival at Antioch
with bis Bride; but as Þ bad intended it pecu-
4 liarly for my self, I resery'd it with the utu,
Caution from the Knowledge of the Prin-
- © cess, least the Price I set on it might give ber
an Occasion of suspecting my Passim. How of
ten have I made it the Object of my Retirement
in yon conscious Grove, where so lately you repeated
the Story of your Ismenia ! How often
have I gax d with Transport on its Beauties !
How often sigh'd oer it the Mystery of my
Lowe! Idoliz'd the dear Resemblance of the
Adorable Stratonice, and tax d the cruel Poers
for wounding me with those Charms, from
whose Possession it was impossible I should expect

4 Cure. One Evening, by hat fatal Chance

I know not, I drop d it from my Bosoms-: Nor,
by the strictest and most industrious Search,
cculd bave the Fortune to recover it: For 1
durst not by any publick Enquiries certify the
disfortune, least the Picture, concurring with

234 The Loves of

my Indisposition, should be thought too pregnant
a Proof of its Cause. It was the Malice of my
Stars for Arsinoe to find this valuable Tre.
sure ; from whom on Pretence of admiring tbe
Curicsity of the Case, and a Desire which I a-
press'd of getting it imitated, I got it into Pos

se lion. *

The subtle Fair One, whose Curiosity wanted
the Satisfaction of being convinc'd that it was
mine, labour d bard to make me view the Pi.
cture in her Presence, which 1 purposely declin'd,
fearing I might by some Emotions betray
those Sentiments, which I had determin'd should
be buried in Silence. But I have since condemn'd
the Rashness of those Fears, which- have contributed

to propagate these Errors, and involve

me in a new Perplexity : Scarce had (he left
Ae, e er I was encountred by the adorable Stratonice
The lovely Virgin, either to gratify my
Father's Tenderness by her Discovery, or from
the Mutives of a more generous Compassion,
press'd me to explain the secret Cause of my
Melancholy : So powerful were the Rhetorick
of her Eyes and Tongue, that, spight of my Resolutions,
I was wrought to confess that Love
alone was the Source 75 my Asfictions. This
Confession serv d but to light up a Flame to ber
Enquiries ; and from the Knowledge of the

Cause

Cause she with more Zeal pursued the Discovery

of the Object. I was soon drove to the
fatal Extremity of revealing that Secret, or of
disobliging her for ever by an obstinate Concealment:

When throwing my (elf at ber Feet, and
imploring her to pardon the Insolence of a Consion
which she would extort from me, I gave
her the Picture-Case, and told ber it contain d
the Image of that Beauty, who reign d the Sovereign
Mistress of my Heart, But, ob my
Friend, the subtle Arsinoe had exchang'd the
Picture, and plac d her Own in the room of
Stratonice's,

When I had deliver d the Tablet to the
Queen, which, as 1 thought, would disclose the
Secret of my Passion, Madam, said I, how
have you determin'd to punish my Presumption
? If you have resolv'd my Death,
I will embrace the Sentence from your
Mouth, and count it Justice : But

see, my Brother, the freshness of the Morning

invites the Court to task its Odours; let us

steal from the officious Ceremony of their Address

This Walk will lead us privately to my

Apartments, and this Key admit us secret, and

unseen : Thither let us retire, and with mutual

Kindness condole the Rigour of each other's

Fort une,

tant: And the Temple which Seleucas

236 he Loves of

No sooner could the Princes disappear,
than the whole Gardens were busy on the
Subject of their Retirement; and as Suh.
jects will ever be discanting on the Conduct
of their Governors, much Argument was
spent to determine for what Reasons Autiochus
should so zealously conceal his Pas.
sion. Mean while the King attended by
Figranes, and a numerous Train of his Of.
ficers, was rode in Pomp to Daphne, with
Intention to perform some Rites in that
Temple, which he there had built and
Jointly consecrated to the Deities of Apollo
and Diana. This Daphne was a Village or
rather Suburbs to the greater Antioch,
from which ic lay about Four Miles dihad

built, and the spacious Grove which
he had planted round it, for it was allow'd
to be above Three Leagues in Compals,
as they were the Glory of his Reign, so
they were the Wonder and Delight of
Posterity. Nothing could be wish'd either
from the Benefit of Air or Scituation to
improve the Pleasures of it; frequent
Rows of Cypresses and Lawrels, which
cover'd the regular Walks like Arbors,
defended all beneath from the Inclemency
of the Sun: Flowers of the 1

Hue and Odour, in their respective Seasons,
sprang upon Banks that lay level
on each Side at the Roots of the Trees;

and Springs of the purest Water were

diffus d thro' every Part of the Grove.
Nature and Art had indeed conspired so

fully to furnish it for Pleasure, that succeeding

Times made it a Seat for Luxury,
which was at first consecrated to Religious
Uses: And so far did the Practise of Voluptuousness
prevail, that the Place was
only known to its Infamy; and was a-
voided by such as had a Regard to their
Reputation, or meant to preserve a Charater
of Modesty and Virtue. Hither
went Seleucm with a double Purpose, to
do Sacrifice to those Powers to whom he

had founded the Temple, and to enquire

at Apoll's Shrine the Fate of Antiochas,
and the Success of his own Marriage,
The Omens from the Sacrifices, and Answers
from the Oracle, sent him back but

half satisfy'd with his Journey; for tho

they gave him some Assurances of the
Princess Recovery, they did not promise
that Success to his Nuptials. New Victims
were slain to deprecate the Anger of the
Gods, and the Oracle once again consulted
for a more propitious Answer ; =

238 The Loves of

still the Signs were threatning, and inauspicious
still the Responses disappoint.
ing, and unwelcome. The good old
King, oppress'd with Sorrow, return'd
Disconsolate and Anxious to his Palace:
His Soul was wrapt up in the Thoughts
of Stratonice, and startled at the mysteri.
ous Meaning of the Fates, which seem'd
by Omens to discountenance his Marriage,
Retiring from the importunate

© Addresses of the Court, he shut himself

in his Chamber, and din'd in Private:
Nor would allow the Admittance of any
but Tigranes to his Presence,

Whilst Selencus had thus withdrawn himself
from the Publick, the Princess Arsinoe,

who resolv'd to pursue the Prince to a

Confeflion of his Flame, encountred him
in the Court: When putting on an Air of
Constraint, and forcing a Blush for being
drove to the Necessity of speaking to him
on such a Theme, My Lord, says she, a:

your Royal Father has summon d me to bis

Presence, and your Highness is not | mig
on what Occasion, I thought it my Duty to
take 'your Instruttions as to what you should
deermine proper for me to say, e er I attended
his Majesty. The Prince, looking on ot
n wit

with some Surprize and a Mixture of Dis-
# dain, reply'd, What Instructions, Madam,
have I to give you, or what is it you would
aim at knowing from me? Make Tigranes
happy, who loves you to Distraction, and for
# whom you bave confess d no mean Regard.
The Princess blush'd at Antiochuss Answer;
but resolving till, tho' she perceiv'd his
Displeasure, to carry on an Air of Ignorance
as to the Cause, and pursue the
Stratagem in Which she had so deeply im-
bark'd, I know, my Lord, says she, what 1

Y owe to bis generous and ardent Passion ; but
when the King pretends to the Disposal of my

Hand, is it for me to brave bis Majesty by

my Resitance > Can my denying to comply
wvanquish his Resolution ; or can I, should I
y presume, entertain a Hope of succeeding, whilst
your Highness's Pretensions oppose that Hope?
How My Pretensions ? says the Prince
frowningly, do J oppose your mutual Flames?
Reflect, Arsinoe, who first aut horix d them ;
and take heed how you accuse me either of
Levity or Baseness. O pardon me, Sir, says
tne Princess again, if I effend in Ignorance ;
did you not confess a Passion for me to the
King, and that your Heart in Secret languish d
for me? —— Ah! Madam, replied the
Prince with a Sigh, are you not —_
that

240 The Loves of

that yollr self obliged me to that mi sta ben |
Confession ? The Delivery of your Picture, alu!

involyud me in that Error; My Lord, I an

satisfied, says Arsinoe, with Pleasure spark. |

ling in her Eyes; I am now confirmed in
what 1 before had told my self without your |

Hig hness's Discovery : Your Flames are for ile
Qucen: Nor can I wonder that your Love,
which labors with such Oppositions, should
give you such Disquietudes.

The Prince, whilst Arsinoe was speaking,
walk'd backwards and forwards with Haste
and Confusion: At last, stopping short
and fixing his Eyes on the Princess, N.,
Madam, bs he, I must own that spig bt of
my self you have searched into my Soul, and
torn from my enamour d Heart that Secret
which I had resolv'd so obstinately to conceal,
I confess I adore the charming Stratonice, and
with that strong and unalterable Passion, as if
it seem'd decreed by the Gods for me ever, ever,
to adore ber: Yet by the fatal Exchange of ber
Picture for yours, it has been suspected my
Soul is surpriz'd with your Beauties: Tigranes
condemns me doubtless of Ingratitude, and
such is the Rigour of my Fate, that I am
forc'd to give 4 Santlion to his Fealousy, by
ibe Necessity of my Silence, Nu, _—

bo Bave caused these Doubts and Errors,
must prevent that Injustice to which the King's
TS mistaken Zeal transports bim; and shaw you |
S have a Heart that is faithful to your Ti- |
granes, —— My Lord, says the Princess |
with an obliging Sweetness, now that I
hnow your Interest, be assured I will study to
convince you of my Zeal in your Service ; and
whatever Excess the King may she in his Passion,
bis Nears, perhaps, will withEase perswade
him to resign his Claim to the beauteous Stratonice,
Ha! my fair Cousin, replies the
Prince starting, No more of that; take heed 4
what Discoveries you make to Seleucus. De- li
stiny, to lay my Crime in Evidence before you, |
has by @ Surprize betray'd my Silence: But be
assured, Madam, were you to accuse me to the
King, there is nothing which my Faith and
Duty would not, to 10775 themselves, attempt
against my Love: To dissemble and conceal the
Flames of my enamour d Soul, I will protest
that your Beauties gave them Rise; and that
Honour obliges me to die in Despair, that I may
not rob Tigranes of your Heart.

The Princess, who could not but be a- |
larm'd at Antiochuss Concern, heard him |
with the most profound Attention; her |
fair Bosom was now divided betwixt Plea- |
M sure

242 The Loves of

sure and Compassion, and she at once ap.
plauded, yet condemn'd her Curioss);
She rejoycd in having discover'd the Oh.
ject of his Passion, but began to grieve for
the Pains she observ'd the Discovery gave
him. My Lord, says she in a soft and moving
Tone, whatever Ambition I may have
of serving your Highness, I should be loth to |;
thought perniciously Officious : The Secret if
ycur Passion, if you so command, shall sleep in

my silence ; but what shall I say to your Royal =
Father, if be persist in enjoyning my Obedience

to hu Order?

Antiochus, who saw a relenting Sweetness
in the Princess's Demeanor, and an unusual
Tenderness in the Air of her Exptession,
began insensibly to be reconcil d to
her; and whatever Lengths he might remember
her Curiosity had gone, he
thought it Reason to pardon them from her
Condescension, and make a Friend of
that Subtlety which had found means to
dive into the Recesses of his Soul. Madam,
lays he, let us urge thatis Majestic
Nuptials may to Morrow be accosyplish'd ; and

dissemble so far with the King As to promi/: |
bim, that, notwithstanding your first Vows, 4
small Respite will dispose your Heart to crown

a0 ern -
p . x 7 id 4X 1 jd 3.5" \ 3

—_—— wm, kk _9y Ge. eo: © wm « — Ro. CYL =

— Oo ee WEST, "Re

4 my Wishes: Perswade bim you shall lock on
#® rhis Delay as the greatest Happiness, and prommise
bim all he can wish on your Part, whilst
| # 1 will fudy to ratify it by a Consent on mine.
But (ee, Phradates is approaching you from
be. King; the indulgent Monarch, I know, is
| $ impatient for the Confirmation of your Compliaence.
Go, my fair Cousin, and exert all the
Art and Eloquence of your Sex; let me be as=
3 /ured of your Zeal from the Success of your Endeavours:
Bring about the Consummation of
that Marriage, which be so wishes, and then [
boldly dare surrender you to your Tigranes.----
The Prince here paus'd, and bowing to
# 4:/ince, seem'd to give her a Dismission
from his Presence ; till recollecting himself,
that he had something yet to request
at her Hands: Arsinoe, [aid he, you must
not refuse the Tustice of restoring Stratonice's
Picture. The View of that ador d Resemblance
is all that remains to comfort me in my Sorrows,—
My gracicus Lord, replies the
Princess mildly, though much I deubt that
Consequence from your p:ssessing it, yet 1 am
bound in Honour to restore it to your Highness,
Permit me now to obey the Summons of. your
Father : Let your troubled Heart rest in an Al-
[urance of my Loyalty; and that my Duty to
M 2 your

244 The Loves of

your Highness spall regulate my Conduct, and
Answers to bis Majesty.

Ant iochis here again bowing to Arsince,
retir'd to his Apartments; when Phradates,
who had waited at a Distance for fear of interrupting
their Conference, now came
up to the Princess, and inform'd her of
his Orders to bring her immediately to attend
the King, |

So irresolute and unquiet were the

Princess's thoughts, that she now began

to dread a Conference with Selencus ; she

had promis'd the Prince to conceal the

Secret of his Passion, and by that Promise

render'd herself incapable of serving him:

She knew the King would again press her

Consent to make Antiochus happy; and

perhaps Tigranes might be present to witness
to her Falshood.

Trembling at the Issue of this dreadful
Interview, she now had pass'd the spacious
Anti-chambers, and came to the
Presence: The Rooms were not as usual,
crouded with the Attendance of cfhc1ous
Courtiers, but silene and desolate : Sh:

found the King alone, stretch'd on bis
” 1 ; Couch,

Conch, and busied in Thought; who,
raising himself on his Arm as she approach'd,
and ordering her to fit, Princels,
laid he, you must no more defend ytur-
{elf against my Demand ; Time calls on you to
comply, and surrender your Hand to my Disposal,
The Passion, with which Antiochus languishes
for your Beauties, renders bim, perhaps,
not unworthy of your Esteem and mutual Love.
No longer plead the Promise of your Hand to a
former Lover, the Interest of the State will excuse
your Inconstancy; and Tigranes, sacrificing
his Hopes to the Welfare of bis Prince, by
that noble Precedent of Virtue, points you out
your Duty.

The Princess blush'd, and holding down
her Head, My Royal Lord, says she, no
doubt Tigranes mourns the Injustice of your
Order ; but when your Majesty commands him
to resign his Claim, what Reply can a Subject
make, but his Obedience? But our weak Sex
are generally so unfortunate as to entertain a
Revolt in Passion with more Warmth and Resentment,
Nor was it an easy Labour for
One in my Rank to consent to confess a Liking z
but when confess d, tu impossible to retract, or
deny it : Heaven, without consulting us in the
Affair, by secret and invisible Ties unites our

M 3 Souls;

246 The Lover of

Souls; You yourself, Sir, authorix'd the work.
ing of the Fates ; you made Tigranes Jour
Choice, and 1 regulated my Desires to accept
with Pleasure the Man you had prescrib d me.
Arsinoe, says the King interrupting her
with an Air of Severity, I confess Tigranes
was my Choice; and I had Reason to
think, that your Marriage was not too glorious
for Desert like his: The thousand Exploits of
Honour which adorn d his Crest, great as my
Reward might seem, authoriz'd my Choice,
But rather than comply, when be bimself refigms
Jou, would you have a Prince unavoidably
be host ; or is my Throne so comemptible a
Price for your Heart, that it cannet tempt you
to redeem my Son? —— My Lord, if there
be a Remedy, replies the Princess, here
the Distemper is Extream, should your Highmess
expect it from my Hands, when the Prince
retains it-in his own Power ? He sees and
knows the Care of bu Affiition, if he dares
consent to believe bis Reason. Princess, lays
the King again, i in vain that be listens
to, or attempts to follow it; rather than cease
to love, he'd cease to live, What Essays has
be nit made to stifle the Flame ; and the murthering
Distemper that preys on his Health is
tbe most convincing Proof of it ; Did not .

whole Court see bim sink in my Arms, 0 erpower
d by Weakness and the prevailing Malady?
Are we not continually in Fears for bis
Life, and till can you resuse to lend a Hand
gabi, Redress ? But how can I bestow a Heart,
replies the Princess, which is not in my
Power to dispose of? Tbo your Passion, lays
the King, may complain of some Violence in
this Effort, at least resign your Hand, and let
the Heavens take care of the rest: Trust to
Time to furnish you with that Inclination,
which as yet is wanting to inforce the Union,
Prevent the Death of an unfortunate Prince,
and in saving him, preserve my Age» Tell
me, Princess, do you expe&t the Suppliant Father
should throw himself at your Feet to obtain
this Grace? —— My Royal Lord, replies
Arsinoe again, It i too much, and 1 am
guilty even in hearing it from your Highness,
If it be too much for a King, lays
Seleucus with the Tears standing in his
Eyes, tit too little for a Father, who, mourn=
ing the Destiny of @ Darling Son, would abandon
every thing in his Power to prevent his
Death, I see the Certainty of his Destruction
in your ungenerous Refusal ; and if he perishes,
am convinc d he falls a Victim to your Unkindness.

M 4 The

248 The Loves of

The good Old Monarch here made 3
Pause, and gave a Loose to his Passion;
the subtle Princess, who was touch'd with
his Sorrow, Wanted to turn it to we
Advantage of Aztiechus ; and by sounding
the Bottom of the Father's Soul, to make

way far a Discovery on the Succels of

which depended the Happiness of the

Son. My Lord says she, That Love hich

bis Highness labours to conceal from your Eyes,

deserves all the Pity your Indulgence can in-
Hire: But, Oh! The Injustice of exposing me
ro the Hirror of that Fate, which your Tenderne
makes you dread should light on him!

That wh:ch pierces hu Heart, must rend my

Soul: And if be lanouishes without Repose,
who can answer to what Disquietudes I may be
sacrificed? I Lowe; and when my Flame took

Birth from your Commands, I did not blish to

let the Court be Munesses of my Passion: Tigranes

has Virtue: whose secret Power prevent
d even my Obedience to your Ord:rs, and
won a Place before ha d in my Heart : The frm
and warrantable Additi of your Allowance,
made 11:: surrender, without Scruples, to his Esteem.
That influence, thise Graces, whi.h since have
cbarmd me, were Bonds in which jou yourself
combin'd to fetter me. Aud can by a new Resignation

77 my Person disengage mf Jer From the
An.

Chain.The Strupgle ic great, I must confess, replies
the King, and I have a feeling of your Pains;
hut now that the Life of Antiochus is at Stake,
the Consequence of losing him must be a Consieration
to supercede all others.

The Princess waited but for a Conclusion of
that Nature to undermine the Sentiments
of the King; 4y Lord, says she, with
something of Warmth and Eagerness, Loves

that has flatter d it self in all its Expectations,

can with great Difficulty surrender to Haxmms of
State: And tho every Proposal is embrac'd with
Foy to save a Sin, I drfire no other fudge than
your Majesty of my Conduct. The bright Stratonice
has charm'd your Soul, and you entertain for
ber all the Passion which so rare an Object i capable
F inspiring: In this I xtremity of yeur Love,
when the glorious moment of your Happin s was
Just at hand, suppose the Prince were to rival
jou in that Choice, could you in pa ernal Tenderness
rifign ber? Give me an Assara ce of that

Examplanat Fortitude, and I'll submit t wang
all Reg — The Grief of partirg with Her,
own, ay$ Seleucus again, wor'l:! {ill with

Weight upon me; yet I proveft, and be the Gods
my Witnesses, I would go jet further to preserns
my Son; I with my Love wild resign my

Diadem, if That could lelp b Cie. U Lord,

250 The Loves of

says She, I must confess you promise with preat
Resolution, but could you force your self to perform
with the same Courage? Let the God,
replies the King, whom I have inwvok'd 10
witness to my Resolution, punish me if I did
10, should the Circumstance require, Du
bave then the Certainty of a Precedent, which
you consented should regulate your Determinations.
Reflect that a Son, so dear to me that
T live but in him, now claims your Hand to

restore him to Health and Happintss.

Scarce were the Words out of Seleucus's

Mouth, e'er a Blush arose on the Cheek
of Arsinoe: Her Impatience of discovering
the Prince's Passion had now got the Af:
cendant of her Promise to the contrary ;
and she could not hope for a fairer Opportunity
of divu'ging it, than the concluding
Sentence of the King afforded her:
A Royal Lord, says she, if there be such
Certainty of a Precedent, it only remains for you to
put your Constancy to the Trial: In Whip 2110417
your Tenderness offer me to Anti „ know,
that the Prince adores the Queen,
covery depends on your Conduct: — The Frince
adore the Queen! replies the King, ecchoing
her, Mat Aptifices are these, Arsinoe? And
why do jou starth me with these Fictions, to *

and his Rethe

Performance of what your Stubbornness and
Disobedience are so averse to? — How! saysthe
Princess, and did your Majesty but trifle with
Protestations ? Do your boasted Resolutions already
fail you? Tou promis d boldly, and without Difficulties
and now that Necessity inforces the
Confirmation of that Promise, the Greatness of
the Grant has stagger d your Resolves, and
makes you willing to foregoe an Engagement of
{ach Consequence. |

Niece, replies the King, rising from his
Seat, and traversing the Room with some
Uneasiness, th Essay of your Female Cunning
x too presumptuous: Your Love, that fears an
Exchange of its Object, has put you on this
Imposition only to give me Disquict. ] have

70 Room to question the Confession of the Prince;

nor need I a better Evidence, than his PR

of your Picture, to make me distinguish to which

of the Two be owes his Vows. = - That Pict ure,
n Lord, says the Princess again, was as
strong a--Gonvitlion to me of his Passion z believe,
that I bave certain Proofs for what I
assert, and that, when your Majesiy pleases to
be convinc d, I can redeem you from your Error,
— But, bow ? replies the King, with a
Mixture of Disorder in his Doubts, has hs in

bis Passion. ever named the Queen? No, my

2362 The Loves of

Lord, says the Princess, newer to my Knowleage;
his Respet} and Deference to your Mafesty's
Claim have been too great a Restraint
on his Love, ever to let the Escape of her Name
betray his Passion. Permit me then so far to be
— to bis Higbnesi, as not to extort the
Reasons of my Belief from me, when no Art;
could draw the Confession of this Flame from
bim. It is now in your Power to make what
Advantages you please of my Suspicions : Let
them have no further Title with your Majesty,
till your own Penetration spall bave ripen'd them
into Proof. But that the Sincerity of my Zeal
may stand unsuspected, and to confirm you that
Antiochus has not those tender Sentiments for
we, as have been suggested; as my small Beauties
have been surmis d the Cause of his Distress,
I resign my Hand and Person when-ever
he shall demand them. To this Effort, my
Lord, my Duty to your Majesty condemns me;
and I betray not my Faith to Tigranes, in
submitting to 4 Doom which only the Recovery
of Antiochus can necessitate: But if the Prince
in the Distraction of his Soul rejetts this Offer,
be cautious of doubting from what mysterious

Conse proceeds bis Refusal.

The Princess here made a Panse, and

with Silence and Attention waited the
5 King's

King's Reply: He, in the mean time employ
d in Thought, walk d gloomily by her;
as if what She had disclos'd fat heavy on his
Heart, and he were studying the Means to
allure bimself that his Tears were groundleis
At length, taking his Hand from his
Brow, and addresling the Princess, Cousin,
says He, permit me to weigh the Nature of
your Intelligence ; if the Subst ance of what you
have inform d me be real, it is what the Quiet
of a Father, and Safety of a Son are nearly concern
d in. But since you are so far advanc'd in
this Affair, since Fortune and your Curiosity
have embark'd you in a Discovery, on the Proof
of which depends the Fate of Two Princes, proceed,
Arsinoe, with a Regard to us both. Tow
bave blown up a Suspicion which cannot be allay'd
but by a Certainty ; and tortur'd me with:
Fears, whose Pains are aggravated, as the
Subject of them is still a Doubt. Permit neither
me, nor Antiochus, to languish in Suspence,
but let me bs assur d of the Object of his Passion,
and let the God then be Masters of our Destiny.
Go, Niece, and employ all the Subtlety of your
Sex to clear this important Secret ; find out
Laodice, and sound ber Breast ; in that Fawvourite
Attendant the Queen reposes her utmoss

Confidence : Enquire of her with what Eyes the

Prince has view d Stratonice ; She may have |
mark'd

254 The Loves of

mark'd their Conduct whilst in Macedon, and
obsery' d the very Birth of bis Love and Tendermess,
Enquire of her, with what Air and
Language the Queen speaks of Antiochus ; aud
learn whether She bas ever been sensible 4 bis
Flame, or made him any Returns of reciprocal

Aﬀettion.

The Princess, who had her Leave to depart
in this Commillion, assur'd the King of
all her Faith and Diligence in the Execution
of his Commands; and w:shing him to expect
the Issue of her Discoveries with that Serenity
of Soul which beficted his Character, made
her Obeisances, and hasted from the Presence:

No sooner was She retir'd, and Seleucus
alone, bur the Alarm. of her unexpected Tidings
recoibd on his Thoughts with double
Anxiety. Fear, Hope, Indignation, Tenderness,
Jealousy, and Resolurion rais d alternate

Tumults in his Bosom; Now he refolv'd

to rely on himself; now wanted the

Counsel and Assistance of Tigranes: Now

dreaded the Loss of his ador d Str atonice, now
wish'd She might be rhe Means of recovering
his Anti cchus; Now resented the Infolence of
the Prince's Love; now pitted the generous

Conflict of that Passion, which made Him

preler

prefer Despair and Languishment to any
base Violation of his Duty. Whilst thus
his Mind was toss d between Vicissitudes of
Passion ; whilst Apprehensions of Consequences
tortur'd his Imagination, and Irresolution
prevented him from determining his
Conduct, in vain He labour'd to collect his
Strength and Reason, in vain contended to
reallume a Temper. At last tir'd out with a
Revolution of Thoughts, and wanting to chase
the Images which crouded in his Brain, he
threw himself on his Couch, and enter'd intothe
following Debate with Himself.

Could a Doubt remain of the Prince's:
Passion, what, Reason for this Extremity of
Disorder in my Breast ? Why should I tremble
with so many Fears, if I could dispute the
Certainty of Arsinoe s Discoveries? Unhappy
Monarch! Thy Excess of Tenderness for a
drooping Son, and the unknown Cause of his:
Distemper gave Thee one Disquiet; that Cause
explain d, instead of relieving, has plung d thy
Soul in deeper Perplexities A Passion,
equal to Thine, has fix'd Antiochus to Stratonice;
the Confummation of thy Happiness

then must prove his Deara, the Consummation

of his prove thy greatest Punishment: And
tho, his Virtue triumphs o'er his Desire, he
must

256 The Loves of
must perish should'st thou determine to his
Disadvantage. S— But, what! Could the
flattering Engagement of so rash a Flame
give him a Right of becoming his Father's
Rival; and when he knew to what Excess
he was charm'd with her Beauties, ought
not the ungrateful Youth to have defended
his Heart from the Approaches of Love;
and, in Respect to a King and Father, check'd
the bold Injustice of his Paslion ? -- - But
could he see that lovely Face, an not admire?
Oh! no; her very Sight implies a Neceslicy
of adoring: If you look on it as a Crime
that your Son has not limited his Passion to
a cold Esteem, think on that Stock of Charms
which had at once such Power o'er your
Heart and Senses: Reflect on those Virtues,
those transcendant Graces that could influence
your frozen Age, and fill your Breast
with youtl;ful Transports. If your Son
adores those Beauties that have surpriz'd
your Soul, had he not a Heart and Eyes
like you? — But wherefore do I call back
to my bewilderd Thoughts the Memory of
those Charms, that wound me even with
Reflexion? Is it that I fear Il am not enough

in Love? Think, think rather that Love,

Ceprelled with such a Load of Years, can
offer at best an aukward Homage; 4
that

that a Son, whose Silence has reduc'd him
to the Point of Death, teaches you what a
Deference you should pay to Reason. O
torturing Combat ! Where the Object of my
Tendernels is in Opposition to that of my
Passion. The One, the Other claims my divided
Son!, and Falternately am engag d to
both their Interests. When I presume to
determine that Love shall sway me, it
is a Triumph that staggers my Nature;
when I determine Nature shall varq ish my
Flame, it is a Triump that staggers my

Love: But whence is it that my Passion

has shook Hands with Hove? A, sinse may
herself be abused, or may have contriv'd to
impose on my Credulity. Unhappy Mo»
narch ! ex:ricate thyselt from this Labyrinth
of Doubt. But when thou art resolv'd, how
will the Knowledge aid Thee ? Hard
Necessity of a conflicting Soul! - I would
believe my Glory, and my Glory stabs me
to the Heart: My Tenderness and Affection
would act as they ought, but dare not put
their Duty in Execution. Must I then, to
preserve a Son, resign my Stratonice?— I
must; but can my Heart support it?

This Debate with his Thoughts ended, he
fate mute, and commented on his State with
silent

258 The Loves of

silent Sorrow: then did the Solutions of
Apollo, Oracle croud to his Reflection: He
no longer was at a Loss to interpret the God,
no longer wonder'd at thote Omens which
presag d il] Success to his Marriage.

Whilst he was weighing these important
Concerns, he perceivd the Door of his
Chamber to open, and rearing himself on his
Couch, perceiv'd Tigranes. The Favourite,
who had bin inform d the King had entertain'd
Arsince in private, trembled with the
Apprehension of what was to be his Fate!

Tho the Prince had labour d to redeem him

from his lealousy; and tho she had given

bim Assurance of her Faith, and Resolution

to be bis, he still fear'd the Determination
of his King would contzoul his Nuptials.
Seleucus, Who saw the Marks of Sorrow and
Dillatisfaction on his Brow, began to sicken
with the Grief of his Friend, and add a fresh
Load to his own Affliction. Tigranes, said
He, I am not pleased to ste Discontent dwell on
that Forehead; and yet I cannit ebide you for

Jour Concern, Perbaps. my Regards to my Son

have gone too far; and made your Master a

Tyrant in his Demands, If the Fondness of a
Father has trespassed on your Palsion, can jou not

Forgive the Frailt 4 of my Love, and frame an
5 8 Excuse

your King. I perceive, the Fear of resigning

your Princess has quench'd the Fire and Gatety of
1 your Eye; and Care and Sadneß fit heavy on

your Soul. But let Distrust no longer hold a
Seat in your Bosom : I bave Reasons to believ?
have mistook the Prince's Flame; and sispect
not now that his Passion us for Arsinoe.— Alas
My graciow Lord, reply'd the Favourite,
Reason has taught me to be mare humble in
my Expectations, and, however wy Prince's

Heart may be engag d, mine (hall no more a

pire to a Claim so insolent. My Faith and
Duty oblig'd me to renounce the Thoughts of that
Love, which, th warranted by your Royal
Leave, I should not bave presum d to entertain
in my Bosom: The Beauteous Arsinoe has
Charms that claim a Diadem in Dower, and
only Monarchs should breathe their Vows at her
Feet. — How ! says the King, these Sentiments
of yours, Tigranes, bespeak an Alteration I did
not think to meet with : When I propos d the
Nuptials. of my Niece, I losk'd on my self as &
Fudge of her Deserts, and meant not to disyrace
ber in an unworthy Lord. The Reasons of my
desiring to cancel that Grant, my Sons Indisposition,

and my Suspicion of his Passim for Arlinoe

have. fully explain d: But sirce I have

found my self mist aken in that Th. ught, JI

Excuse to your Thoughts for the Dotage of

260 The Loves of
as willing to confirm her to your Hopes: Tet, perhaps,
she is not now so grateful a Present, and
the uncertainty of possessing ber bas prepar'd you
to despise the Proffer, |

0 my Lord, says Tigrane: throwing himselt
at Seleucus s feet, wound me not 21th the
Imputation of such a Sacrilege : My Lowe-{ick
Heart blecds at the Less of Her: 1 had made

ler the Darling Object of my Happiness, the

Object of my Glory. O could you conceive the
Pangs it has cost me, to think that I must part
with such a Treasure! What Agonies, what

Con vulsiums have 1 not bin rack'd with, on the

Necessity that urg d this Deprivation ? You have
a Seoul, my Royal Master, that is susceptible of
all Lover Tendernes: You can form to your
self a Thousand Ideas of Fondness, which tbe
Elegance of Imagination can alone express. The
Beauties of your admir'd Stratonice have recall d
the wandering Cupids to your Heart, and
taught your Thoughts to take Counsel from their
Deities. As the Favourite pronounc'd the
Name of Stratonice, he perceiv'd the King to
turn pale, and hang his Head: A sudden
Gloom arose on his Brow, and the Tears stood
in his aged Eyes: Alas! my Master, continued

Tigraues still kneeling, may I erquire ibe Carse

of this Discrder? Is it posseble that that Name,

avhich used to shoot the Bloom of Youth into

your

nur Countenance, should now have banish'd
the Blued from your Cheeks ? Why does this
pensive Heaviness dwell on your Thoughts, when
approaching Toys should beat the Alarm to your
Breast, and your Soul sit hovermg on the
Wings of gay Expectation? Alas! my Lord,
dispel this Cloud of Sorrow, and awake to
Beauty, to Love and Transport.

Arise, my Friend, says the King, raising
Tigranes from the Ground, and partake the
Disauiets that have rack'd my Thoughts :
Think'# thou that Demetrius will resent it
of me, if, upon the maturest Reasons given,
1 should decline to wed his Daughter £ My
Lord, says Tigranes, seeing the King pause,
the "— of a (Q'estion so unexpetied robs
me of the Power of resolving your Majesty. ==
No matter, says Seleucus resuming his Discourse,
I know the Macedonian i, fferce
and haughty ; that War is bis Ambition, and
a Contempt is what neither his Soul, nor Di
nity can digest : But ] sbould prescribe where
bis Daughter might be better plac d; if I should
fill throw a Scepter at her Feet, point out
a Lord more suitable to ber Tears, could this
draw down the Resentments of her Father?
Suspend your Admiration for these my Enquiries ;
and be, what I have ever found you, my faith-

— ä64ä— 4⅛ . — — —— —œ— e e 3

262 The Loves of

ful Counsellor. Forgive me the Concealment f a
Part of my Reasons, and content you with
those hich I am free to utter. A little Time

will let you into my whole Bosom. I have

bin en a strich Examinations of my Condud;
I bave put my self in the Place of the babbling
World, and bin refiecting what Ccnstruttion;
they will make on my Marriage at these Tears:
Whether even my Subjefls will not call it
Dotage, and despise their King for a Sofines,
so disagreeable to bis Age? Could you with
Patience hear it said, Tigranes, that Seleucus,

who had taught all Asia to dread his Arms,

who had fix'd bu Standard beyond where Alexander
atrempred to penetrate, and made the remozest
Nations hu Tributaries, was now so loft to

tbe Memory of bi Glory, se shrunk frem Renown,

bat he was become effeminate and meanly
uxorious, and had sold the Charatter of all bis

Honours to a Look, a Smile from a Beautiful

Woman ? Would it not make you blush to
bear this Reproach of your Monarch blazed,

to hear bim tax d by the Licentious Tongue of

the leud Populace, and insulted for his Weakness?
- - » By Heaven, 1ho' I have never held Acguaintance
with Fear, or Irresolution, tho' I have

fill veigb d my Actions with Severity, and

made my fudgment the Director of my Conduct;

1 here begin to view myself with Difdence,

fdence, to condemn the exiravagant Proposition

of my Marriage, and foretell the Ridiculs of
the censuring World by my own Preposssstons.
Tull we with all the Freedim of Love and
Friendship, Tigranes, whether I am not justly
jealous of my fair Name, and have reason
to [uspett the saucy Descants of the malicious

Valgar.

My Royal Lord, replies the Favourite,
finding the King had finish'd his Discourse,
you give me Authority to declare my Senti--
ment, and I will di it with as much Fidelity
as Buldneß. Those alone that envy your
Majest;'s Happin;s can presume to censure
your Conduct; and the Charms of _ Stratonice
are sufficient to excuse the Force of your Passun:
Did I say, excuse? a Beauty ike Hers,
that commands Adoration, justifies your Flame,
and makes it your Glory, Can it be your
Repreach to possess yourself of a Treasure for
which contending Monarchs would put their
Diadems in Hazard? Or can your Majesty's
Character, or Conduct, suffer from the wile
Remarks of the descanting Populace? Whilst
the Lords of Nations repine at your Fortune,
let the Slaves of your Power divert them. ©

selyes with their Wisdom. The Breath of

tbe Vulgar is idle as that of the Winds that
blow

264 The Loves of
M about the Chasf. You question'd me in

particular, My Lord, as to Demetrius : and have
decipher'd him so justly, that 1 doubt not but he
must resent your Re usal of his Daughter :
Your Majesty proceeded to obviate this Danger,
by a Proposition of disposing her where
her Father should as well approve. I confes,
with Submission, I am at à loss to guess what
Monarch can rival that of Syria in Power, or
whom the Macedonian could be so Ambiti-
Os of calling bis Son.

I could easily convince you, replied the
King, that the Propositien, which at present
slaggers you, is justly founded: This I leave
to Time to explain; know, that you alone are
intrusted which my Counsels, and however
after I may think fit to att, Secrecy will be
what I must expect from your Friendship :
Nor fear, that tho I should determine to defer

my Nuptials, that Resolution shall be 4

Bar to your Happiness :. Thos I should deny

myself the Ichs of Beauty, I'll give up yur

loud Arlinoe to your Embrace. Tie

Favourite bow'd and blush'd with Pleasure

at the renewing ot the King's Promise,

tho* he was but halt satisfied that the

Prince had relinquish'd his Pretensions. The
King who perceivd he had not er

all his Doubts, Tigraves, says He, I would
give you the fullest Confirmation of this Grant :
J have something of Importance to communicate
to Antiochus : Go bring bim to my Presence;
and when I have discours'd bim, expect to receive
your Mistress from hs Hand, The
King by his Motions shew'd that he Iook'd
for no Reply, but an Obedience to his Orders;
and the Favourite, with an Air of Satisfaction
at his Master's Assurances, bow'd
and retir'd,

Whilst Selencus was thus anxious for his
Son in his Retirement, Stratonice was under
no lighter Apprehenftons on account of the
Father. Her Soul was distracted between
her Passion for the blooming Antiochus, and

the Approach of the dreaded Hour which

must surrender her Beauties to the wither'd
King: And {till as She reflected on the Cruelty
of her Fate, the silent Tears stole down
from her bright Eyes, accusing the Gods,
her Father, Fortune, for compelling her Misery:
then did She wish her Birch had been
tumbler, and her Beauties meaner; and
then again check'd a Thought, which, ta-
Ing place, would render her unworthy of
the Prince's Bed, and incapable of engaging

N | his

7 266 The Loves of

his Affections. While the King was anxious
and irresolute on his Nuptials, and the
Queen disconsolate, and ina thousand Terrors
on the Nearness of their Solemnity, all
Antioch was busied in Preparations that
might testify their Joy, or help the Pomp
and Grandeur of the Ceremony. Every
Door was hung with Chaplets of Myrtle
and Roses; and Hecatombs of milk-white
Oxen were led to the Altars to make the
Sun propitious to the Marriage. The
Beauties of the Court were studying Ornaments
to improve their Charms; and the
Noble Youths preparing for the Exercises
that were to grace the imperial Nuptials.
For these Sports a Spatious Circus was
made larger by much than the largest Am-

Phitheatres: Here were the Gladiators to

try the Combates, Others to grapple with
Lyons and Tigers; Some to entertain with
Pykrbic Dances, and Others to race in Chariots
as at the Olympicks : Some were to repreent
the Parthians flying Fights, others to chase
and hunt down wild Bulls, a Sport with which
Syria till then was unacquainted. Of this
last mentioned Sport, which was peculiar
and Native to the old Thessalians, becaule it

is mention'd but rarely in Authors, and be-
cau'e

cause from it the Spariards may possibly have
derived their Bu/l- Feasts, it may not be a-
miss to subjoin a shore Description.

The Natives of Thessaly, on solemn Occasionz,
were used to loose a number of
wild and raging Bulls on their Plains of
Sand; which no sooner were free, but an
equal number of Men mounted their unbridled
Steeds, and graspug the Manes,
which supplied a Rein, dug their Horses
sides with their Heels instead of Spurs; and
using a cleft Stick for a Whip, set up a
Course, and every. Man pursued his Bull :
when they came up with the Savage, their
first Endeavour was to take him by the
Tail, and tire him out by provoking him
still to run faster; and as he turned, they
managed their Steeds so as to turn with
him, and still declin'd the Danger of his
Horns : When they had pretty well wearied
him, they used to drive on close to his Side,
and keep such an equal pace with him,
that to the distant Spectators the Heads of
the Horse and Bull seem'd to grow on the
same Trunk: Sometime after, they would
put their Steed out a little more on the
{ iiretch, so as to have his Chest even with

N 2 the

268 The Loves of
the Bull's Forehead, and then the Ride
would take his time to throw himself on the
Savage's Neck: when winding his Arms a-
bout the Horns, and grasping with both
hands the Tuft of Hair on his Forehead, he
would let down his whole Body, and hang.
ing with all his Weight on the Beast's Head
render him in a short time so faint as to
make him fall over on his Forehead, and
with the Force of the Fall fix his Horns in
the Ground : When the Savage was thus
overturn'd, and lay kicking with his Legs
upwards, unable to disengage himself, the
Tbessalian to compleat his Victory drew out
a sharp Knife, and cut his Throat. The
Learned have suspected, and not without
Reason, that that Monster of Antiquity,
which was call'd a Centaur, first gave Rise
to this Game: For as those old Thessalians
who inhabited Pelethronium, near the Flood |

of Penexs, first gave themselves to riding,
and boasted to excel all others therein, they
Jabour'd to improve themselves in it by such
Exercises. That it was a Sport which gave
no little Diversion, (as it requir'd uncommon
Strength, and could not be perform d
without some Danger; ) we may well ima-
Fine by it's growing in Request wich other
Nations,

Nations, and being celebrated in times of
Publick Joy. Julius Cæsar, the Dictator,
after Pompey's Sons o'erthrown, when he
triumphed for many Days for his Victories
over the Gauls, Alexandrians, Ponticks, and
the Mauritanians, firlt had this Game exhibited
in the Roman Circus; and probably
so much valued himself on it's Importation, |
that he had some Money struck with his
own Head on one Side, and on the Reverse
a wild and raging Bull, round which was
inscrib'd the Name of L. LAVINEIUS
REGULUS, who, tis thought, presided
over this Exercise,

But. to return from this Digression, the
Expectations of the People were high as
the Preparations were various; and every
Man's Thoughts were fired with the particular
Object of his Pleasure, That the
Prince alone shar'd not in the Tumult of
this general Joy, occasion'd more Concern
than Wonder : His filial Piety was too well
known to give Suspicion that he envied his
Father's Happiness ; and that he riva'd him
In. his Love, was a Secret which none but
Arsinoe had presum'd to guess at. The little.
Zeal therefore that he express'd on this

N 3 Occasion

270 The Loves of

Occasion was entirely attributed to the Influence
of his Distemper; and every ore
pitied the Misfortune of an Infirmity which
controul'd the Bent of his Disposition. Ti.
granes, who had a Commission to bring him
to the King, found him pensive and solitary
in his Apartments, holding Discourse
with Thought, and seated at his Window,
with his Eyes bent on the Gloom of the
distant Grove, that was checker'd with
Streams of Light darted a-thwart by the
Evening- Moon. The Prince no sooner heard
but he obey'd the Summons of the King,
and immediately went with Tigranes to the
Presence. The Favourite, waiting on Anrioc
h to the Door, attended in the Antichamber
during the Conference.

As the Prince approach'd, Seleucim raised
himself on the Couch, and making Room
for the Prince to sit by him, My Son, said
He, release me of a Doubt, in which ] ought
mo longer to be in vol vd, since a Concealment
nom would betray me to Dishonour: I have recei
ved an Intelligence of the utmost Consequence,
and you alone can rescue me from the Pain it
gives me ; therefore disguise not from me your
real Sentiments.

my intended Marriage, and what do they say

How do the Court talk of

of that Pemp and Preparation, which my Lowe
nab to honour the Sclemnity? My Lord, replies
the Prince, how can they tall but with
$4 isfactzon of ut, when they love ad veospett
z0u so highly? Nay, but, lays the King, 10e
blind Deference which they pay to my Rank is
10 be suspected: It forms, and giucs a Birth to
Scruples; and makes me presume that with these
gidgled Locks it is shameful for me to think
Lore. My Years seem tacitly to reproach me,
that I presume to languish for a young Princess;
I would then decline the Murmurs and Censure
of the Croud, and 1 would willingly have your
Advice upon the Means. — Sir, says Ant ioch;
interrupting the King, I fear you forget
Hola, Prince, replied Seleucm not sustering
him to proceed, I have not yet done; Remember
therefore that I require you not to flatter
my Flame; but open to me your Heart as
freely as I to you unburthen my Soul. I may
tao far have given way to those fond Inclinations
that tempted me to put on the Charatter
of a Lover; but if the Circumstance of my

Age is repugnant to Hymen, whatever preparatiens

I have made, my Hand is yet not surrenard;
and therefore do you determine for me
whether T snall in time retreat, or proceed to cons
lammate the expected Nuptials.

N 4 The

272 The Loves of

The King spoke with that Calmnes and
Sedateness of Temper; that tho? the Prince
had fix'd his Eyes upon him, he could discover
no secret Design in his Words, nor perceive
that his Father was going about artfully
to sound the Mystery of his Passion:
(For if Antiochus disswaded the Match, the
King in that Counsel might have an Eye
on his Rival; but if he counsell'd him to
pursue it, that Advice would strike at the
very Foundation of his Love, and express
more the Piety of a Son than Ardour of a
Lover.) Soon as Seleucus had made a
reasonable Pause, My Lord, said the Prince,
ar my Reasen by my Distemper is so much
disorder d, you will take Counsel best from yur
own Wisdom ; er rather your Love should decide
these Sernples of your Glory to which jou
seem so inclinable to bend. *Tis him alone then
whom you are to beliewe; tis he alone that is
perfectiy acquainted with your Soul. But, Rojal
Sir, if I may be allow'd to question jou, after
you have labour'd to bave your Flame blaze
out to the ys can 1 Ap that a 5
surprizing Change would now stifle and sup-

F ak; 1 Fire 2 eh before do 4 with
such Zeal ? Can I think that the Queen 1
grown less lovely in your Eyes, that you spould
nom dispttte to esp:use ber? — O my Antio-

| 5 5 chus,

chus, can you doubt, replies the King, bur
Srratonice must be adorable ? She, whom
Heaven has bin prodigal in adorning with it's
lrigbtest Stores of Beauty? She to whom all
Hearts submit, and unresisting own her Conquests?
— But examine not too narrowly the
Reasons of my Irresolution ; only know that your |
Father is ready to retract his Vaaws, if be owes
this Sacrifice to bis Glory as 4 King. — No, my
Lord, no, says the Prince again, let it be year '
Glory as a King to love: Too well I see what
Power this Love has on your Soul, which jet
jeu rigourously would throw off. In every Age
it is bonourable to indulge his Flames ; live then
for Stratonice, and be happy in her Beauties:
Besides, should you cancel the Obligations of your
Passion, Demetrius, her Father, might Lu
room to be aggriev'd, and by a War on our Syria
revenge the Insult done to bis Daughter.
We may easily, replies the King, looking stead -

faltly on Antioc hus, find a Method to prevent
that Fear; jour hand may 4411 the Want of

mine, and still preserve the Alliance unbroken.
What said you, My Lord? replies the Prince,
surprizd and blushing ; That your hand might
supply the Want of mine, says the King repeating
his Words, and interpose betwixt the
Resentments. of Demetrius, I know my Son,
this is to do your Heart 4 Violence, when it
os N5 _ would

274 The Loves of

would divorce you from your admired Prince;
But -- My Lord, says the Prince interrupting
his Father, I have already promiss
ro vanquis my Weakness, —— No, replies
the King, if this new Proposal will make yu
too great a Sufferer, I do not urge your Passun
to change its Object; but to spare you the Puwishmens
of a dreaded Separation, I am ready,
of it must be so, to marry Stratonice. And !
have News for you, that will sound most pleang

in your Ear; as Tigranes Sas resign d hi,

Pretensions, so Arsinoe surrenders to your Claim;
and is ready, when you demand it, to crows
zour Vows. |

The King here again fix'd his Eyes on
Antiochus, Who had turn'd his with Confusion
to the Ground: The Disorder of his
Mind had almost robb'd his Tongue of its
Power, and so perplex'd his Thoughts as
to render him for a while incapable of a
Reply: At length, recovering himself, Roy a.
Sir, says He, Tigranes has merited the Cenque
ft of the Princess s Heart, and to rob him
of her Hand, hen his Soul and Vows are fi
devoted to her, is to drive him into a certain
Despair without giving any Cure to my Dis
femper. —= How ?- replied the King, seemingly
in a surprize, not when you have confessed

that Love has such an Ascendant on your

Spirit ? — My Lord, your Pardon; said the

Prince bowing, what I confess'd on that Subjeck,

Thad Reasmsthen to do; but whatever Declarations

I might have made, let us permit Tigranes
to be happy : Time will be my best Rewedy,

and is all that I request for my Cure.

The Prince ended with a sigh which.
seem'd to begin his Relapse into Melancholy;
and the King, finding that he could not
by Artifice draw from him a Discovery
of the secret he wanted, resolv d now to be
more open in his Discourse, Time, says he,
I know has oft perform'd more than the most
studied Applications could accomplish ; but seting
aside Restraint and Artifice, deal with me
as with a Father and a Friend. I am inorm
d, Antiochus, that you have a Passion
for Stratonice 3 Wherefore do you start * Can
/o reasonable a Flame be criminal? Or are our
Hffections so much. in our Power that we can
make them subjelt to our Mill? Think not so
mean of me, my Son, as to fear I can be
' {way 'd by the Prejudices of Fealousy, or harbour

a Resentment at Antiochus being my Rival.
ie gloriou to avow @ Love 2 the Object
we adore, and I am proud of your Concurrenes
in e Merit of a choice I had design'd to make.
The King stopping here, the Prince whole |

Heart

276 The Loves of

Heart beat thick at the Alarm of his Father's
Information, prepar'd to drive him from a
belief so groundless, and to insinuate that
it must be the Malice of his Enemies had
blown up such a Surmise. But, my Lord,
says He, you seem to give this Intelligence such
Credit by your Arguments, that I am confounded
with Shame at the Necessuy of replying to it.
J beg your Majesty weuld let it pass as an idle
Suspicion, that has found place in some busie
Heads who are ambitisus of thinking themselves +
acquainted with our Sentiments; Gods ! Can
that Homage, which u so absolutely a Debt

from me, be misconstrued Love? Ought I not
to reverence Stratonice as m Queen; or could
forget that She is to claim my Duty by 4
dearer Tule ? What Guard. can Princes have
of their Actions, if Subjects may interpret them
to their own crooked Views ! Should I have

encourap'd so rash a Flame, must it not have

bein at the Expence of Daty and. Nature 2
Muse I not have forgot that you are my Father?
Rather let me die a thousand Deaths,
than suffer in the Imputation of Disobedience
or Ingratitude ! If your Majesty has condemn'd
me in your Thoughts of such a Fault, let me
be banish'd from your Presence for my Purishment:
Hold, says the King, as Antioc bus was |
proceeding, I want not Testimonies either of

your Gratitude or Obedience; but fear your
Sentiments of Honour are too strict and nice:
The Degrees of your Respect are visible in the
— — of your Distemper; and when, by
your Struggles and obstinate Concealment, you
would sacrifice your Life to these Regards, it
my Duty and my Pleasure to restore it to
you. Believe me, my Son, howerver her Charms
found the way to my Heart, your Passim can
easily disengage me from their Irfluence; and
without giving me a pain in the Separation, Stratonice
is yours. Lowe ber, Antiochus, as the
Nobleness of your Heart will inspire, and ber Beauty
and Virtues merit. ] from this Moment renounce
her; and scarce remember that my Nuptials
were fixd. I have, without any Struggle,
banist®d the Impression of ber Charms from my
Memory; and shail, with a Heart well satisfied,
celebrate the happy Day that snall confirm her

your Qucen.

The King here concluded, and the Prince
falling down at his Feet, with a. Gush of
Tears that spoke the Fullness of his Heart,
How (ball T express, said He, my Sense of your
Tenderness? But take Heed, my Los d, take Heed,
how you fresume too far to credic yourself. Tho
Jour wondrous Goodness offers me such a Sacri-
Fee, to throw away at once a Treasure so in-
estimable,

N Bl E: 4

9 The Loves of
eftimable, (forgive me, Royal Sir, the Expression;
seems to declare an Extravagance of Despair. |
cannot think of the Terms which your Indy]
gence offers, without @ distant Fear of their
Consequence, and how they may affect the Heal h
of my Fatber.. But wherefore do I rave,
and spend a Thought en idle Prspecis? My Lord,
you know I respect the Queen but as my Sovereign;
my Admiraticn is confin d to her Virtues,
and presum d not to examine the Graces g
her Person. Witrefore; on my Knees, I beg yu;
to espouse her: Let not your Subjects tax cu if a
Levity, for which the unhallow'd Vulgar may
find a courser Name; but give them their promid
Queen, and bless your Age with the Pos-

Min of the Divine Stratonice.

Scarce was the Name of Stratonice utter'd,
but She (for so the King had purposely contriv'd,
without an Intimation to her for what
Cause; )entred the Apartment. The Prince
surpriz d at her unexpected Appearance, kad
scarce the Power to raise himself from
the Ground, nor was the Lady less alarm'd
at finding him with the King. Seleucus, without
any Reply to Antiocbus, or Dilcovery
in his Countenance of what had pas:'d between
them, with his usual Tenderne is approach'd
the Queen. As he prepar'd to ad-

dress her, with a conscious Blush on her yu.
f ; anc

and repressing her Voice, as fearful of offending

or troubling the Prince, the Sentiments
of whose Soul She had so lately learn'd from

his own Lips, My Lord, said She to the

King, your faithful Tigranes, has requested me

to renew to you the Assurances of his Duty: And
whatever Pangs it may cost his suffering Heart,
he submits without 4 Murmur, to resign the
Princess to the Wellfare of Antiochus. Madam,
replies the King, I am satisfed of his Zeal,
and must applaud his Generdsity 5 but yet it is
in your Power to bid him resume his Hopes. The?
the Prince has confe[s'd the Influence of Arsinoe's
Charms, yet he will be able to conquer that Impression,
if he can be assur d of Love in another
Place. But it must be an Object indeed adorable
on whom he can transferr his Passion, an Ob.
jet of that exquisite and unparalleld Merit, o
rare, and preferable to all the World besides, that
to speak more openly, can only be met with in the
Perso of Stratonice !

It is impossible to express or describe the
Emotions which the Words of the King
caus'd in the Breasts of Antiochus, and the
Princess. Lovers only can form a just Idea
of their furprize aud Confusion, and paint
to Imagination the various Scene of their tumultuous
Passion, 'The Prince started, and

redden'd with Fear, Distrust, and Satisfachion,

280 | The Loves of

Aion: The Queen, who scarce could devine
the Meaning of Seleucus, yet could well
interpet for her own Inclinations, was cover'd
with Blushes of Transport mingled with Doubt
and Apprehension. Her Prudence however
was concern d in the Conflict; and it behov'd
her either not to understand the King, or to
resent his Proposition. Dissembling there.
fore her secret Pleasure, and forcing herself
to a Shew of Indignation : Ay Lord, says She,

In this surprize my silence might well be dispens'd

with; but jet I am Mistress enough of my self
to furnish 4 Reply. I so far submitted to the
Laws of Nature, which prescribe Obedience to
4 Fathers Will, as voluntarily to resign my Person
to his Disposal. By this Concession I owe
you both my Hand and Faith; the one has been
already conferr'd, the other is yet my own and
andifpos'd ; but if your. Majesty have Reascns to
wave the Match propos d, I shall censult my
Honour in the Regulation of my future Conduct.
— Madam, says the King, suspect net that J
ud release your Faith on any Terms to affront
Jour Dignity, or shew a Contempt which my
Heart is incapable” of entertaining. Tas still
may be a Nueen in my Dominions ; nor can 1
be construed to injure the League ffruck with
your Imperial Father, if my Sen throwing a
Diadem at your Feet, confirms to you the Rank

to which jour Birth is destin d. I view you
with the same Regards, but I am conscious that
at my Age the Nuptials to which I aspir d are
to outrage your Touth: And, besides the Welifare
of my States, and the Succession of my Family
are here concern d. Have you not a Heart of Teuderness
and Compassion to raise adrooping Prince
from Ruine? If Antiochus languishes to Death
or your Beauties, can you not condescend to pity
bis Distreß, and from that Pity be perswaded 18

relieve it 2

The King here paus'd, and the two conscious
Lovers were again susfusd with Blushes,
again o'erwhelm'd with pleasing Agonies ;
but the Princess, whose Discretion o ermaster'd
her Flame, still exerted a Pride becoming
her Birth and Sex, and would not let her
Tongue betray the Dictates of her Bosom.
My Lord, said She to the King, . my Duty
has ever sway'd my Actiont, my Will is dependant
on the Commands of my Father : Your Majesty
will therefore pardon me if my Answer waits
on.the issue of bis Resolutions.

The Prince who had all along till.now,
from the Appearance of the Queen, stood silent,
and who o'ferheard to what Head the
Conference between the King and her was

come,

282 Tbe Loves of

come, thought it high Time to interpos in
the Affair. Madam, says He, 1ake hee! hen
you subseribe to what the King has urg'd : They
are Sentiments that spring from a too partial
Fondness of a Father, and a too strong Kegard
to my Health and Recovery : But believe,
the Royal Seleucus, ths he with such Vehemence
has combated his Passion, [fill adi es the
Beauties of Stratonice. —— And does not Antiochus
too, replies the King adore her Heauties?
— Alas! My Lord! says the Prince,
starting and stealing a Glance of Languishment
on the Queen, I adore her! - = Are you
resoly'd to condemn me of that Crime, and a1
no Assurances of my Ditty clear me? — IWhy
would you labour whe clear d of that, which only
your own Opinion has made a Crime, replies
the King? I 8hink-my self warranted to believe
your Passion ; but if you are determin'd to reject
the Glory of her Nuptials, let her at least How
your o Mouth be satisfied. that her Charms are
not powerful enough to win your Heart. That
you can disdain = - O hold, My Lord, says the
Prince stopping Selemcus short in his Sentence,
think it not in Possibility that I could disdain the
Leen ; has She not Charms greater than cur
Eastern Empires could ever boast, has She not
Virtues great as the inimitable Beauties of ber
Person ? But is She not the destin'd wo of ber
ELICUS £

leucus ? Was not the rising Morn to have bin
a Witness to the Pomp of your Nuptials? And
{hall the bold presuming Passi n of a Subj. & dare
to cross your anspiczous Love, end He not be
entenc'd to immediate Death? Sir, if I am es
zeem'd this sacrilegions Rival, let my Punishment
be sudden as my Insclence is unequal d.
m——"Tis too much, my Son, replies the King;
these Flights are the effects of a gallant despair
that must not have it's Course 3 Contend no furp
ther to stem the Tide of my Purpose : And either
gvow your Flame for Stratonice, or presume not
to refuse the Hand of Arsinoe. I leave you to
Jour choice, and shall extect you to be sudden in
your Resolution,

The King express'd himself with an air of
uncommon Severity, and without permitting
Antioch to reply, bow'd to Stratonice as he
pass'd along, and quitted the Room. The
Piince now left alone with the Queen, and
having but a Moment for the Decision
of his Destiny, thought it high Time to consult
her on the Subject of his Love,
since his Address was not only permitted but
woind. Madam, says He, can you forgive a
Person, the Necessity of whise Fate has cblig'd
him insolentiy to disclaim his Passion ? A Person

Who languishes to Death for your Bear ties, get

294 The Loves of

whom Duty has restrain*d from encouraging cn

Idea, or Hope of Happiness ? But now the unpropitions

Gods are alter d and seem con{cnting

ro my Love: The Vebem nce, with which ny

Father pursues his Purpose, looks like a Diredl

ion from the Sacred Powers. Could Paternal Tu

derness else prevail to make him relinquish a Treasure
of such Worth? Could be with such Easc
throw up the Advantages of his Flame, and rein
the Title and Interesis of a Lover, uni;
the Divinities, with an unseen I fluence, had
work d on his Soul, and fashion'd him to the
Tryal of ibis unequal'd Generosity 2 - O Princi{s,
suffer me to 1 0 this Thought, and to see the
Hand of Heaven in his Resignation, Suffer me
now to plead the Merit of a Passion, that got the
Start of my Royal Rivals: And tell me, Fair One,
I may not hope that your Heart consents to what
the Powers decree. =—— The Prince here
paus'd, and expected a Reply from Stratonice,
Who only answer'd him with Silent
Blushes, Are all. tbe Blussoms of my Hopes then
Mit herd at once, continued He? Am 1 condemn'd
to a fresh Series of Sorrow: ? Unbappy
Antiochus! Cruel Stratonice ! But well am 1
punish'd in your rigid Colduess for the insclence of
my Passion; 2ell.are a Father s injuries reveng'd
on his Son's Presampti:n. The Gods are just, and
assert their Prerogativve in punishing my 8
Jence

Antiochus and Stratonic 285

dience with your Resentment.— My Lord, said
the Queen interrupting Antiochzrs, urjustly do
jeu tax me of Cruelty and Resentment , is there
A Necessity that my Silence should be interpreted
einber Awversion or Contempt; or would not the
Circumstances in which I am involy'd, excuse
the Default of an immediate Answer ? Give
Them, my Stx, my Dignity, some Allowances ;
and know that, as I told your Royal Father,
Demetrius's Will must be the Measure of my Conduct.
Yet, Prince, that I may not seem to merit the
Imputation of that Rigor you have thrown u
me, believe, I think not so meanly of your Worth,
or have consider d your Passion with such Indifference,
that my Heart should make too violent
Struggles in complying to exchange Seleucus for
Antiochus.

The Queen had but just finisk'd, and the
Prince was preparing to express his Gratitude,
when the King return'd, follow d by Tigranes
and Arsinoe. The Lovers, as yet ina State of
Uncertainty, and not daring to depend on the
precarious Promises they had receiv'd of Happiness,
were again in Pain and Agonies of Consternation.
Seleucus, approaching with something
more Serenity than he wore in his Countenance
at his Departure, Antiochus, said He,
we must allow no longer Time to Debates, and

therefore

206 @ The Loves of

therefore now I expect your Resolution. If yu

are still resold d to confess no Passion for Stratos

nice, the Princess from this Moment consents ti

resign her Hand, and Tigranes himself will be a

Willing Witness of your Nuptials, The Favourite,

who had been assur'd on all Hands

that the Prince's Desires centred not in A.

sinoe, and that therefore he was in no Danger
of losing his Mistress, seem'd with Alacrity
and a chearful Forwardness prepar'd to ratify
his Royal Master's Pleasure. The
Prince was not a little confounded at the

Suddenness and Importunity, with which
this Proposition was press d, his Soul lean d

all on the Side of Love, but Duty still
was a Restraint on his Tongue : Floating
berwixt the Tides of Passion and Obedience,
and unable to trust himself to either's Direction:
Alas ! my Lord, said He, Is this the
Return I must make Tigranes, this the Recompence
for a Life presery'd at the Hazard of bis
own? Syria will be reproach d with the Memory
of her Prince, who would in such an Act exceed
the Ingratitude and Barbarity of the wildest
Scythians. No, let Tigranes be happy in his
Arsinoe, and if ever I have interpos'd betwixt
him and his Wishes, I have new taught my
Heart no more to wander. Let War be the
future Province of my Touth ; let me be sent,

ps — nc pad WwerY

my Lord, to assirt your Conquest, and remind
the Tributary Nations of their Vittor, The
Indus scill has Countries unsubdued, and Countries
worth the Business of my Sword, if That
ma) be worthy of the glorious Service.

The Prince spoke with an Air of manly
Fiercene(s, that gave a sudden Bloom and
Life to his Features, and extinguith'd he Injurious
Deadness of his Melancholy ; but
the Ring who was satisfied that it was bur
an Effort of Generosiry, and that Love more
than shar'd the Empire of his Heart: Prince,

said He, I have other Expeftations 2 your
Yeuth that claim the Preference. Syria has
Dominions wile enough to satisfy her Monarchs

Ambition ;” assure me first of a Line of distant
Successers, to whom the conquer d Kingdoms may
be parcell d out, and then "twill be Time enough
to think of opening new Roads to Glory. For
myself, so may the Gods we worship continue my
Protectors, I from this Moment renounce all
Thoughts of Beauty: My Age begins to tire beneath
the Weight of Empire, and I would live
to see my Honours renew'd in the Task of your
Touthful Administration, Consent to share the

Fom his Concession, a Princess that should have
lis the Partner of his Bid. But siace you have

Scepter with your Father ; nor disdain to receive,

288 The Loves of

bin so strict to the Regards of Honour, as t u
nish yourself by an obstinate Concealment of jour
Lowe; in time redeem that Error, and let This

convince you that I have not barely guess a;
your Sentiments,

The King here deliver'd him the picture
of Stratonice, Which Arsinoe had found in the
Grove behind his Apartments, and which
She had kept back from the Prince, and pur
her own in the Room of it, to ascertain her
Suspitions and bring about the Discovery of
a Passion he so zealously labour'd to conceal,
The Prince upon Receit of this darling Tablet,
blush'd as well with Joy at regaining
Possession of it, as with Contusion at receiving
it from the Hands of his Father. Princess,
says He, was this well done? Is this your Sincerity,
aud the Discharge of your Promise ? My
Noble Cousin, reply d Arsinoe to him, if
I bave transgress'd the Limits of a Promise,
J hope the Consequences will excuse my Breach
of Faith: And if I have contributed to the
Promotion of your Happiness, that Benefit at least
may mitigate the Heinousness of my Crime.
My Lord, says the Prince turning to his Father,
I must own my Offence, and throw wy
self into the Hands of Fustice: Punish this insolent
Sen as you please, I will not murmur

at the Severity of your Reseatments, but submit
to it as tbe Just Correction of my Treason.
The King affectionately raising him from
the Ground, for he had thrown himself at
his Feet, and casting his Arms about his
youthful Neck, O »»y Antiochus ! — said
He, Your only Crime has been the Obstinacy of
your Virtue, which put a Life so dear to Me
and these Empires in Hazard. Well has your
Passion tutour'd the Indiscretion of my Age;
and may the Gods, and Demetrius consent to
make the Issue as happy as my Hopes forebode
and your own Virtues merit. Tigranes, your
Nuptials must now wait on those of the Prince;
and that nothing may retard that Hour of your
Wishes, yourself shall to Morrow be dispateb'
for Macedon to acquaint our Imperial Brother
of this Change, and obtain the fair Stratonice,
in Marriage, for our Antiochus.

The King could not finish, e're Tigranes
and Arfence in Looks of Pleasure congratulated
che Prince: The News immediately
spread o'er the Court, who receiv'd
it with Welcome ; and none more rejoyc'd
than Arjiobarzanes, who knew the Cause of
Ant iocbuss secret Languishings. The Croud
were ev'n tumultuous in the Expressions of
their Joy, and the whole Army agreed to
applaud the Conduct of the King. The

O0 reserv d

290 The Loves of

reserv'd Honour of the Son and Generofiry
of the Father were now the Discourse
of Neighbouring Nations : who counted

that this Action gain'd Seleucus more Reputation
than all the Victories he had won,
lince in This he shew'd that he could conquer
himselt.

ener

SEN8 AC

Method of them

Te Hob Ddresses,
descanted on, page 26,27.

AW, Ale sander Diadem blown off

Wes, his Head, and lodg*d on
Reeas in the Euphrates, p. 2. Dies
at Babylon, ibid.

Antigonus, kill*d at the Battle of Ip-

Antiochus, the Son of Seleucus, p. 5.
His Character, ibid. and 6. His Entry
into Antioch, 6, 7. His Treatment
at Macedon, 20, 222. His Reception
of Stratonice before the King, 22,23.

His Change of [emper describ'd, 32.
Declines a Crown, 38. Sollicits a Retirement
from Antioch, 43. Discovers

rbe Piftute-case, which be had list
in 1 Bosom, 65. Gives the
uveen Artinoe's Picture by mistake,
1 I confounded at ihr tt a
from the King, 106. His Proteftations
% Friendship to Ariobarzanes, 111, ]
Confesses his Passion to the Queen,
187, &c. Makes his firsl Campaigne, i |
197, &c. Has his Horse kilPd by a
Javelin, 207. 1s rescued by Tigra- MM
A pamia, a Persian, Mother to Antiochus,
p. 5, and 120. |
Ariobarzanes, Prince of Cappadocia,
presents Antiochus with War- Horses,
P. 31. Sent to Antioch to complain of Wl
the Syrian Governor, 109. | Relates
the beginning and issue of bis Amour,
from p. 131 70 156. |
Aristides, the Theban Painter, bis Ex.
cellence, p. 232. 1
Arsinoe, Neice to Seleucus, p. 7. Discourses
with Antiochus on the Subject
of Love, 26, 27. Finds the Queen's
Picture, 61. Puts Her own in the
place

place of it, 63. Discovers the Secres
N of the Prince's Love, 250. 1
„Athens, its Flattery to Antigonus and
Demetrius, p. 2 1 9.

Baseness, not to acknowledge Obligations,
p. 197

Bulls, wild, bow bunted, p. 267, 268.

199, &c. frighted at an Eclipse of
the Sun, 202. | b
Cleopatra, Sister to Alexander, kill'd by

Antigonus, p. 218. |

Daphne, the Grove and Temple there,
p. 236. A Place accounted infamaus:
by Posterity, 237.

Demetrius, Father to Stratonice, p. 2.

Ling of Macedon, ibid. Employ d a-

gainst Ptolemy of Egypt. ibid. Makes:

Alliance with Seleucus, 220.
Description of the Prince's Melancholy,

p. 82. Of Stratonice's Picture, 225,

O 3 Diana';

Caspians, Seleucus's War on them; 198,

by Nicanor, 154.

IND EX.

Diana's Temple, sir'd the N ight Alexander

was born, p. 218.

Eclipse of the Moon before the Battle a:

Arbela, p. 201.

Erafi tratus, a famons Physitian, p. 83.
His Method of discovering the Prince's
Distemper, 85.86. His Artisice to

prepare the disclosing his Suspitions
to the King, p. 1 1

Friendsbip and Flattery distinguish'd, p.
21. The latter necessary in Love- addre
ssæs, P · 26. | | | ;

Heraclides of Pontus, bis Present to Ptolemy,
p. 222. :

Indians, prevent Old Age by voluntary

Death, p. 224. lb

Ifinenia, Daughter to Orontes, rescued

from a Iygress, P. 136, 137. Lou d
by Ariobarzanes, 144. &c. is stab d

Julius

IND E KX.

Julius Cæsar, exbibits a Bull-Feast ar
Rome, p. 269. *

Lacedæmon, differs from her Neighbours
in Customs, p. 224.

Laodice, Mother to Seleucus, p. 3. Hey
Dream, ibid.

Larissa, Subject to Macedon, p. 223.

Leucosyria, its Scituation, p. 132,

Love, its Emotions describ'd, p. 52, 53.

Lysimachus wars on Antigonus, p. 217.
Lysippus, his Statues of Seleucus,p.214.

Megasthenes attends Antiochus to Macedon,
p. 221. His History of India
prais'd, ibid.

Monuments, eredted on the sides of |

Hills and Rivers, p. 4.

Nicanor, design'd to marry Ismenia, p.
148, Grows jealous of Ariobarzanes,
p. 153. Stabs Ismenia, 154. His
Death, 155.

Nora, Ince: loud there, p. 224.

Omen,

IN D E X.

Omens, impertinent, p. 200.
Orontes, is Carriage to Ariobarzanes, i
p. 140, &c. Falls dead with Grief, |

Parthians , their manner of Fighting
describꝰd, p. 205, 206.

Pelethronium, its Inhabitants 5killful
in Riding, p. 268. |

Pella, the Birth-place of Philip and
Alexander, p. 222.

Phenissa, discovers ber suspitions of the
Prince's loving the Queen, p. 51.
Philip, the 155 Governor, stabs him-

Philotas, Page to the Prince, his Accomplishments,
p. 120, 121.
Preparations, at Antioch, for the Nuptiali
of Seleucus, p. .
Princes, barr'd from Obscurity by their
Birth and Station, p. 36.
Pygmalion, doats on à Statue, p. 227.

Reasons of” Seleucus and Demetrius
coming

INDE X.

coming to an nnen p. 220.
Seleucus, King of Syria, p. 1. Born
with the Mark of an Anchor on his
Thigh, 3. Recovers Alexander's Diadem
from the Reeds, p. 4. Ambitious
of extending his Dominions,
ibid. Determines to give his Son-the
Kingdom of Phænicia, p. 33. Concern'd
at the Prince's Thoughts of
Retirement, begs the Queen to disswade
him from it, 55, 56, 57. Orders
Sacrifices,. and a Lustration for
the Prince's Recovery, 59. His Expostulations
with Erafistratus, 90,91,
&c. Acquaints Tigranes of the Prince's
Passion for Arsinoe, 105. Seleucus,
hoe drawn by Apelles;-213.. Goes
to consult Apollo's Oracle at Daphne,
236. Deliberates with himself on the
Knowledge of the Prince's Love, 255.
&c. Consults Antiochus on bis De-
Sign of not marrying, 271, &c. Proposes
to resign Stratonice to him, 277.
Obliges him either to own his Passion

ENDIE XA,

Vor the Queen, or Wed Arsinoe, 283.
Delivers him the Picture of the
Queen which he had loft, 288.

Smyrna, rebuilt by whom, p. 222.

Straton, 4 River, the Caspians encamp
along it, p 198.

Stratonice, Daughter to Demetrius, p.

2. Her Entry into Antioch, 6, 7. Her
Emotions on the mentioning of Antiochus,
12. Her Conflict with her
self in relation to him, 29, 30. Fealous
of his desird Retirement from
Court, 47. Confesses her Passion for
him to her Woman, 52. Disturb'd at
receiving Arlinoe's Picture from the
Prince, 75. Delivers it to the King,

101. Discourses with Phenissa about
the Prince, 178, 179, &c.

Taurus, Mount, parts Cappadocia from

Armenia, p. 132. i

Themistocles yields to Superstition, p.

Thermoodon, River, famous for ihe

Amazons, p. 133. The
clla-

IND EX.

„ Thessalians, their manner of hunting
0 wild Bulls, p. 267, 268.

Tigranes, the King's Favourite, p. 7.

Complements the Arrival of Stratonip

ce with a Masque, 9. In Love with

Arsinoe, 10. Preserv*'d the Prince's

Life, p. 41. particular Account of it

related by the Prince, 204, &c. Complains

of his bard Fate in having

8 the Prince for his Rival, 160. Is wil-
ling to resign Arsinoe, 163. Has 2
2 Confirmation of Her renew'd him by
g Seleucus, p. 264. |
7 || Trapesus, an eminent City of Cappado- ,
cia, p. 132, |
ionen very reserv'd in Greece, p. 223.

Words, the Shadows of Things, p. 27.
