ished on him, and ignorant that, along with it, he inherited a fearful legacy. As he grew up, he became aware that his parents had died of consumption, and this knowledge caused him much unhappiness. Convinced that he, too, would become a victim of that disease, he determined to grapple with the destroyer, and if possible avert the fate overhanging him. Being placed as a student at the University of Virginia, he left that place, his friends remaining ignorant of his plans and intentions. For a long time, his fate was involved in doubt ; his friends fearing that with all of the ship's crew he had gone down to a watery grave. But an American vessel touching at one of the South Sea Islands, young Lynch was seen and recognized by one of the officers, who brought tidings of him to his friends in America. He was a captive in the Islands, condemned by his master to strike in a blacksmith's shop. But this very circumstance wrought for him the blessing for which

he would have exchanged all his wealth. The constant exercise of the muscles of the chest, brought about a healthy action of the lungs, and he believed himself entirely free from any predisposition to consumption. In a few years he returned to his native land. Buoyant with health and cheerfulness, he mingled in society, admired for the graces of his mind and person and invested with romance from the circumstances attending his voyage. Becoming deeply attached to one of the loveliest girls in Lynchburg, he met with a severe disappointment in failing to secure in return her affections. In a very short time afterwards, this sweet girl was suddenly removed, and during the great depression of spirits after this sorrow, the symptoms of consumption revealed themselves. He hastened to a warmer climate ; but the disease advanced with great rapidity, and he only returned to Lynchburg to breathe his last, and to be laid quietly to rest in the old Quaker burying ground.

This gifted and generous young man inherited, from his mother, more than twenty valuable servants. On Christmas morning after his return, they all went to him to ask for a Christmas gift; he told them, he gave them themselves; and he not only liberated them, but provided the means for sending them to Liberia.

(i True Quakerism (which is true Christianity) stands distinguished from every other religion in this particular— that it is altogether spiritual, and only aims at accomplishing effects by means of their causes. Thus, it never aims at making the creature affectionate, but by means of love ) nor merciful, but by means of mercy ; nor good, but by means of goodness. And herein it demonstrates its origin to be from the fountain of Divine -wisdom; for, through all nature and creatures, this is the method of God's proceeding."

Thirty-eight years since, Lynchburg was the abode of many of the disciples of Fox and Penn. Passing along the streets, you would not unfrequently meet reverend looking gentlemen in curved coats and broad-brimmed hats ; gentle matrons in sad colored dresses and coal-scuttle bonnets, and occasionally the sweet face of a young Quakeress, rendered still more lovely from the severity of the dress and bonnet. The Society worshiped every Sunday and Thursday at the ancient stone meeting-

house, a few miles from Lynchburg, and the carriages then used exclusively by Friends were precisely like the fashionable ones of the present day, hung low, with the driver's seat somewhat under the roof of the carriage. At their solitary place of worship everything tended to promote solemnity ; the remoteness from the habitations of man, the burying-ground attached, the profound stillness, uninterrupted, save by the song of the wild bird in Spring, and the fall of the eddying leaf in Autumn, the grave faces of the silent worshipers — all these impressed with awe even the most worldly, and with hearts softened and attuned to the praise of God, even the hum of bees, the sound of the mosquito, and the distant whoop of the whippoor-will, heard even in the day from these deep shady valleys, were like a dirge or requiem culling their thoughts from earth.

It was here, in solemn communion with God, that these silent worshipers obtained grace and strength to aid in time of need. When on again returning to the active duties of life, the worldling might express wonder to see the Quaker pass calmly on, regardless of the stormy, boisterous battle of life around him, finding all things bearable, if not pleasant, and carrying about him a defence more available than one of Colt's revolvers. Whence was it that no one raised his hand or voice against a Quaker ? It was that they followed the golden rule,

and pursued in its broadest sense our Saviour's precept, "Love your enemies." They were stouthearted, brave men, yet they discountenanced war ; they governed well themselves, avoiding angry disputes and contentions ; they wronged no man ; they gave no offence in any way, and as a natural consequence, peace and tranquillity were the result.

Quakerism exists now in Lynchburg only in name ; the meeting-house is deserted, and no longer within its sacred walls assemble the Lynches, the Davises, the Johnsons, the Powells, the Cadwalladers, the Douglasses of former times ; and rarely is met one now wearing the Quaker garb, or speaking the plain language, so sweet and beautiful, from the lips of those we love. The entire absence of form and ceremonial has doubtless been the cause of the decay of a system embodying so much that is pure and holy in the religion of Christ.

The most venerable member of their Society, at this time, was William Davis, Sr. He was a man of great worth and purity, and, together with his family, was a constant worshiper at the Quakers' meeting-house. He lived to a great age, and at the time of his death he was considered the patriarch of the town. His remains are interred in the burying ground attached to the church. His venerable wife survived him many years, her lonely pilgrimage cheered by the attentions of a devoted family.

Amongst those "who worshiped in this forest sanctuary was Mrs. Richard Tyree. Her maiden name was Douglas, and she was a niece of Mrs. Edward Lynch, whom she resembled in personal appearance. She had been united in marriage when very young to Richard Tyree, Esq., of Lynchburg, whom she still survives, and resides in Lynchburg amongst her devoted children. For some years she has been afflicted with blindness, and

" With wisdom at one entrance quite shut out,"

she must feel the advantage of that self-discipline which was taught her in her youth, and doubtless the inner spiritual light now illumines her soul, gilding with its rays the evening of her well-spent life.

About the year 1819, Charles Fisher, an English Friend, was the beloved instructor of all the children belonging to Quaker families in Lynchburg and its vicinity. Of most prepossessing appearance, and gifted in an extraordinary degree with the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, Charles Fisher passed through all the trying scenes incident to school-keeping, without once losing his temper, though exceedingly delicate in his physical organi-

This excellent lady died during the past summer, since the above was written.

zation, and highly nervous in his temperament. Happy was the little band of Quaker children under his mild reign. A sudden close occurred to his labors in Lynchburg, and we were forever deprived of the services of our faithful teacher.

On Friday evening, Charles called on William Rohr to recite his lesson. Rohr was one of the largest boys in school, and being very refractory and insolent about his recitation, he was mildly reprimanded by Friend Fisher. William Rohr replying very passionately, Fisher took hold of his arm, upon which the broad-shouldered pupil returned the compliment, carrying the school-master round and round the room, and performing a series of evolutions that would have astonished a dancing-master, inflicting at the same time a series of thumps and blows on the beautiful white forehead of Charles Fisher. Campbell, the poet, witnessed the battle of Hohenlinden, and has thrillingly embodied his feelings in the animated poem of Hohenlinden ; yet I doubt whether that fearfully sublime scene inspired the poet with half the awe, terror, and emotion felt by the alarmed and agitated band of children who cowered around the room. Friend Fisher took his seat much exhausted after the contest, and to the surprise and sorrow of the pupils, he stated that it was necessary for him to abandon his school, but that he had provided a successor whom he hoped we should esteem. That successor was K. B.

Townley, who continued to occupy his post as teacher for many years in Lynchburg.

In those days traveling Friends were appointed by the Society to make tours of the States, calling as they passed along on all Quaker families, and on all connected with the denomination. Strange as may appear the idea of a French Quaker preacher, it is true that an eminent one of that nation traveled through Virginia in company with two female friends. His name was Stephen Grillet, and one of the ladies was called Margaret Judge, a very beautiful and pious woman. On the occasion of a visit to our residence, the younger members of the family were permitted to be present with the older ones. When the Spirit moved him, Stephen Grillet spoke feelingly and appropriately, with only a slight foreign accent. He was followed by Margaret Judge, who addressed us in a strain so fervid and eloquent, so true, simple and solemn, that many of her words still remain deeply engraven on the memory of those who listened.

William Davis, junior, with his noble face and manly form, is now present to memory. How many in Lynchburg can remember with admiration his fine, clear, brown complexion and honest benevolent face — a true specimen of a refined Quaker. He was a native of Bedford county, and, amongst all the male members of the society, none were so

attractive as William Davis, Jr. ; a worthy follower of Ellwood and Barclay, without the obstinate opinionativeness of the former, and exempt from the superstition of the latter, he adorned the doctrine of God his Saviour, pursuing through life that calm, quiet course, so conducive to the happiness of those with him associated, and, doubtless, bringing to himself peace at the solemn hour of death. He had married, in early life, Zalinda, the daughter of John Lynch, and, surviving her many years, he had the additional calamity of becoming totally blind. A small profile likeness of him, taken by his grandson, depicts beautifully his perfect cast of face and feature. His only son, John Davis, a young man of fine promise, died many years since; and of his two excellent daughters, Sarah, the oldest, alone survives ; and to her was accorded the dear privilege of soothing and comforting the declining years of her venerable father. She can only now look back, with sweet, though mournful recollection, to those quiet, happy days, passed at the dear old homestead, whose floors are no longer trodden by familiar feet.

Since this was penned, this lady has returned to live at the old country residence.

" There was an air of peace about her which was irresistible, in seducing all with whom she conversed, under her gentle influence. This was the effect upon strangers, and in no degree was it abated by the closest intimacy/' (Sir Thomas Fowel Buxton's description of his sisterin-law, Priscilla Gurney.")

Who is there among us that can ever forget Mary Annis, the lovely Quakeress — the "bonny gem" in the Society of Friends. Highly endowed, both personally and mentally, she was tenderly beloved in a large circle of friends and relatives. Reared in the doctrines of Quakerism, which are opposed to every kind of music, her voice was so sweet that, even in conversation, it was melody, and sweetly she sang the simple, beautiful songs of Burns, because music was natural to her.
