gaged in planning splendid improvements at the spring: a ball-room, extending from one hill to another, across a ravine ; an elegant dining-hall ; and a company of musicians, who were to play as near as possible to perpetual motion ; but, before any of his schemes could be accomplished, the solemn messenger called him hence. His venerable widow survived him many years, dying at a great

After the death of Col. Tate, a ball-room and a few cottages were erected at the spring, and, during the summer of 1828, balls and cotillion parties were held there occasionally ; but the last soiree that took place there was attended with so awful a thunder storm, and the beauties in ball costume looked so panic-stricken, besides being deluged with water from the roof, the elderly ladies, who went as chaperones, concluded that the storm was somewhat a judgment on them for seeking pleasure out of town, especially as there was a great revival of religion at that time going on in all the churches of Lynchburg; so that the sound of music and dancing has never since that time awoke the .echoes of the glens and valleys of Tate's Spring.

hibited at the Franklin Hotel of Lynchburg, and with its perfect, little cars, it was, of course, viewed with great interest and curiosity.

u Our venerable brother professed religion in the twenty -ninth year of his age. ' Without conferring with flesh and blood/ he commenced preaching, immediately after hi3 conversion, in the county of Goochland, where he spent the first few years of his ministry. He then removed to Lynchburg, and was instrumental in gathering and organizing the Church of that place. His first sermon was preached in the Courthouse."

Religious Herald — Memoir of Elder J. S. Lee.

The Rev. John Lee was, for a long time, the faithful pastor of the Baptist Church in Lynchburg. The members of that denomination being few and his salary small, it was rendered necessary for him to occupy himself during the week as a carpenter, an employment rendered more sacred and honorable from the circumstance of our Saviour, when on earth, laboring with his reputed father and brethren at that occupation. Mr. Lee did much good by his preaching, but his influence is in a great measure to be traced to his mild, peaceable demeanor, and to the happy, cheerful disposition of his good wife,

■who was a native of Goochland county and a member of one of the best families in that section of country.

That plain old structure, the Baptist meetinghouse, attracted very few worldly or fashionable persons ; yet some who worshiped within its walls, were more pure, holy and lovely than could elsewhere be found. Amongst that number was Mrs. Susan Massie, a native of Goochland county, and a sister of Mrs. John Lee.

Mrs. Massie had been reared by a devoted aunt, and, in her youth, she had enjoyed all the blessings and advantages of an unclouded prosperity. Very lovely in appearance, courteous and refined in manners, it is not strange that she should have been admired, and her hand sought in marriage by many. She became the wife of Gideon Massie, Esq., a member of that family, of whom was General Nathaniel Massie, one of the early pioneers of Kentucky. Some years after their marriage, Mr. and Mrs. Massie settled in Lynchburg, where Mr. Massie employed himself in school-teaching ; and, though he exerted himself in that occupation, his health became bad, so that but for the zeal and energy of his wife, his efforts would have been insufficient for the maintenance of his family. It was in this hour of adversity that Mrs. Massie, by her patient, cheerful industry placed her family on a footing with that of the best and highest in

Lynchburg. A few tried friends of her youth, and the counsel of her pious minister were all she had on which to depend ; but calmly trusting in God, and cheerfully performing her duties, Mrs. Massie's Christian character was doubtless strengthened by the trials so patiently borne ; and, in after years, she blessed God for the sweet uses of adversity, which had been the means of developing in her children such shining qualities. She showed them the love of God; she taught them, next to a holy trust in Him, nothing could so confer happiness here, as a diligent pursuit of their calling, a wholesome relish and love for their employments. Her precepts were blessed, and she lived to see her daughters settled in life, and her sons prosperously succeeding in business. During a visit to her son Richard Massie, Esq., in the summer of 1837, Mrs. Massie died in the city of Richmond, calmly resigning her spirit to God, and giving evidence of the strength afforded to the believer in the solemn hour of death. The sons of Mrs. Massie survive her, and her youngest daughter is a resident of Clarkesville, North Carolina. Mrs. Samuel Burch, of Lynchburg, well known and beloved there, is a younger sister of Mrs. Massie.

Judging from the intense curiosity and excitement produced whenever the ordinance of Baptism

William 0. Massie, Esq., is a merchant of New York.

was administered, we may infer that the Baptist Church at this period made few accessions to their numbers. About the year 1819, the whole town was thrown into a state of enthusiasm and excitement by the intelligence that Miss Maria Gray was to be baptized, at what was called the Little River, and crowds repaired to the spot to witness the ceremony.

On a bright, lovely Sabbath morning, previous to the hour of worship, the solemn ordinance took place, and the sweet rural scenes on the banks of the river, and the rare enjoyment of gathering blue bottles and other wild flowers, is still remembered with pleasure. Though we had been accustomed to seeing this venerable lady almost every week of our then brief lives, at that period, yet, when the carriage was seen in the distance bringing her to the place of baptism, such was the excitement, that a general rush took place to the water side, in unavailing efforts to get the first glimpse of her, as she descended from the conveyance ; and those who could not get near, consoled themselves by a minute examination of the hack and driver, which they only saw every day, as it was one of the two best hacks of which Lynchburg boasted, and which were driven by Tom Dyson and Archer Higginbotham.

Fortunately, the crowd was on land ; for had they been standing on boats, many persons must necessarily have been precipitated in the water,

and possibly drowned. Some years later, during the ministry of the Rev. Robert Ryland, three beautiful young girls were baptized in the month of November, 1829. The interesting ceremony took place in the evening, and as they stood in the water, their countenances, radiant with holy joy, were farther illuminated by the departing rays of the sun, and so tenderly impressive was the scene, that a bird hovering over them, at this moment, was pronounced a dove by one of that excited throng.

Rev. Dr. Robert Ryland commenced his ministry in Lynchburg about the year 1826 ; and, for a brief period, the old Masonic Hall was occupied by his society as a place of worship. Dr. Ryland was peculiarly adapted to his calling ; his gentlemanly, winning ways giving him easy access to the hearts of those he wished to impress : and, during his residence in Lynchburg, numbers were enrolled as members of the Baptist Church, and a bright example was afforded by him of all that constitutes the Christian minister. During the summer of 1828, a great work of God was going on in Lynchburg, in all the churchesf — the happiest state of

Maria Richardson, (afterwards Mrs. Ryan, of Baltimore,) Miss Fair and Miss Rhoda Halsey.

f There were three young ministers in Lynchburg, at that time, Rev. Dr. Ryland, Rev. W. A. Smith, of the Methodist Church, and Rev. F. G. Smith, of the Episcopal Church.

feeling existed amongst the ministers of the several denominations ; and for a time they all felt no rivalry, each being only anxious to advance the kingdom of the Redeemer. Many young persons were awakened at the Methodist Church by the powerful preaching of the Rev. W. A. Smith; they were gently led on and encouraged by the Rev. Robert Ryland, who, without any feeling other than that of Christian love, witnessed the going over of many of their members to the Episcopal Church; and the sunrise prayer-meetings held by him in that old Hall were the resort of all, and of many who previously had wasted their precious hours in sleep. We cannot but believe that those seasons were blessed, and that the good seed, then sown, fell into many hearts, which, though late in bringing forth fruit, still they now look back to that time, and believe that the Spirit of God was then striving in their hearts.

A new Church was erected a few doors above the Hall, and a singular arrangement was made in the interior. The pulpit stood between the two front doors, which opened upon the street, and the congregation sat facing them ; and it was said that the Church was so constructed, to prevent the congregation turning their heads around on the arrival of new comers. So discouraging to the pastor is this want of attention, that it would be well if this plan were more generally adopted.

In the year 1830, Dr. Ryland was united in marriage to Josephine, eldest daughter of the late Thomas Norvelle, Esq., of Richmond, and niece of the late Captain William Norvelle, of Lynchburg. Mrs. Josephine Ryland was a lady of great worth and excellence, admirably calculated to adorn the Christian life, and by her lovely demeanor to aid her husband in winning souls to God. Dr. Ryland was appointed President of the Baptist College of Richmond, and Pastor of the African Church of that city. His able course in this literary institution, and his devoted piety shown in his preaching to the colored population, all these bind him as closely to our warm regard as did his conscientious life in Lynchburg. His excellent wife survived her removal to Richmond only a brief period. The following tribute to her memory appeared at the time of her death in 1846, and we feel thankful for the privilege of inserting it in this place :

"Died, on Wednesday evening, the 28th instant, at the Richmond College, Mrs JosEPniNE Ryland, the wife of Elder Robert Ryland, aged thirty-nine years. Mrs. Ryland made a profession of religion about sixteen years since in Lynchburg, where her husband was then pastor. She had, however, from her childhood been the subject of gracious affections, but was constrained from confessing them, by a naturally timid disposition. From the time of her baptism, she was a consistent, devoted and useful Christian. The most prominent trait of her reli-

gious character was her love of the Bible — she read it habitually, methodically, reverently. It sustained her midst her trials, and imparted a sweet tranquility to her temper, gave her a strong but noiseless trust in the faithfulness of God. As a daughter, she was devoted ; as a sister, affectionate; as a mother judicious ; as a friend, unwavering ; as a wife, the heart of her husband could safely trust in her. She loved to frequent the courts of the Lord's house, and hear the plainest and most heartsearching exhibitions of truth. From the funds appropriated to her wardrobe, she uniformly reserved a tenth for benevolent objects j but her contributions far exceeded the proportion. When she drew near to her end, she said she preferred living for the sake of her family, but was resigned to the Divine disposal. In her last moments she seemed much engaged in prayer, and she was free from fear, trusted in the Saviour, but experienced no transports. Her death was like her life, calm, thoughtful, submissive. She has left four children on earth, and gone to be united with four who have preceded her. May her meek and quiet spirit, and her self-denying life, be imitated by all her surviving friends."
