David W. Burton, a wealthy tobacconist, died September 6, and on the 29th John G. Meem died. He was a high-minded Virginia gentleman, and for a long time was one of the principal business men of the place. / Bishop John Early died at his home on Court street November 5. Bishop Early was born January, 1786, and came to the city very early in life. Although a minister, there are few men who did more towards building up Lynchburg than he. Until borne down by the infirmity of age, he took part in every public movement looking to the betterment of the city. His funeral was from Court Street on the 7th, and, although it was a cold, raw day, the church was crowded. As a mark of respect the schools suspended, the stores, the postofiice and other public places were closed ; the bells tolled and the church was draped in mourning. Revs. H. B. Cowles, R. N. Sledd, W. H. Christian, A. G. Brown, W. E. Judkins and James A. Duncan conducted the funeral services, and the remains were interred in Spring Hill cemetery, which he had been instrumental in founding.

The cry of " hard times " heralded 1874, and it was no false report, for the times were hard, and the ruinous effects of the panic were still visible in all directions. However, the people were hopeful, in sjite of

all their trouble, for the severity of the sixties had taught them a lesson that would not soon be forgotten.

The first events of the new year that come to our notice are both sad. Early in the morning, January 29, Captain Thornton Triplett was found lying in front of St. Paul's church in an unconscious condition. He was taken up and carried to the Washington House, where he soon died. His death seemed a mystery, but many thought he was murdered, and some suspicion pointed to a man in Lynchburg as the murderer, although nothing could be proved. Captain Triplett's funeral was conducted by Rev. J. J. McGurk from the Catholic church.

Closely following this came the disclosure that a young man, a trusted clerk under Captain J. H. Rives in the revenue department, had stolen over 36,000. He fled, but was captured after about a week, and was brought back to the city. When he reached here there were a thousand people at the depot to see him, and many of the boys jeered at him, much to the mortification of the thoughtful spectators. He was tried and convicted, and thus another melancholy lesson of the downfall of a bright young man who had entered into crooked paths was given as a solemn warning to all who would follow in his steps.

The general conference of the Methodist Protestant church met here in May, and following that came an event that brought with it trouble. The Freedmen's Bank at Richmond collapsed June 30, and of course the Lynchburg branch also failed. This was a severe

blow to the colored people here, for by hard work and the closest economy they had placed on deposit in this bank here fifteen thousand dollars, all of which they expected to lose.

The people felt that they had a right to look for trouble, for in July another comet appeared, and it came this time over a question in regard to the public school funds. The Catholics had separate schools for all of their faith and they wanted them continued under the management of Rev. J. J. McGurk. This raised a storm of protests from citizens, who held that the State should make no distinction in religious denominations. The discussion continued for a long time in the newspapers and on the streets, and twice it was a question in municipal politics. The decision was finally against separate schools, on the ground of religious belief, but not before the next year.

The advantages of Lynchburg as a manufacturing centre had long been recognized, and now an eifort was made to further utilize them. It is true there had been a cotton mill here and it had proved a failure, but that was long ago, even before there was a railroad, and besides that was no reason why one should not prove a success now. There were many who were willing to take the risk, so the Chamber of Commerce, after endorsing the movement, appointed the following committee to solicit subscriptions : Dr. R. S. Payne, Wilson P. Bryant, John Y. Carroll, R. W. Crenshaw, R. H. T. Adams, T. H. Ivey, C. V. Winfree, Max Guggenheimer, Jr., C. M. Blackford, Judge J. G. Haythe, S.

C. Hurt, James T. Williams, A. G. Hancock and S. B. Ferguson. The committee went to work and soon raised a large subscription and secured a charter. There was not enough, however, to begin operations, and it was proposed that the city subscribe to twentyfive thousand dollars of the stock. The prospects were bright, and the mill would probably have been built but for the failure of Duncan, Sherman & Co., New York bankers, which caused another panic in the money market. This had the effect of driving capital into hiding, and the project was abandoned.

Special honors were shown to two Lynchburgers of long ago. The monument to Captain Thomas A. Holcombe, the great apostle of temperance, had fallen, and September 23 was the day appointed for its restoration. The occasion was celebrated with a great deal of enthusiasm. A long procession, consisting of the Home Guard, Red Men, Sons of Temperance, and Rechabites, headed by Lyman's band and commanded by T. C. Wray, chief marshal, marched to the Presbyterian cemetery, where Judge Garland made some remarks upon temperance, and then introduced Rev. J. H. Patteson, who made the address. The other Lynchburger was Hon. Allen G. Thurman, of Ohio. He was here October 20, upon invitation of the citizens, to attend the fair. He was born in Lynchburg, in the small house on Harrison street near Fifth, and for some years worked with his uncle, John Thurman, at the saddle and harness trade. Hon. Thomas S. Bocock introduced him, and he made an interesting speech, in which he recalled

many of the scenes and recollections of old Lynchburg. At night the citizens tendered Judge Thurman a banquet at the Norvell House, and later Lyman's band serenaded him. Next day he left, with many memories of his boyhood days refreshed.

Following this there was a time of great rejoicing. Hon. J. Randolph Tucker had vigorously pushed his canvass for Congress — in fact, when he spoke here, in Lynch's warehouse, he made it very warm for his opponents — and a short while afterwards the warehouse burned clown. He won the election, and not only that, but there was a conservative victory over the whole State. November 9 there was a great celebration in honor of the triumph. Nearly every house was illuminated, and there was a long torchlight procession, with a large number of transparencies having inscriptions such as " Our next President, Allen G. Thurman;" " Grant is sick ; " " Goodbye, Ben, we got you then ; " " Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are, we've lost our Ben." Ben Butler had been defeated for Congress and this gave as much joy as the Virginia victory. After marching through the city the crowd halted at a large warehouse and was addressed by Hon. Thomas Whitehead, Major John W. Daniel, T. N. AVilliams and General Jubal Early. The result of this election inspired the people with great hope.

This year two well-known citizens died — February 1, W. W. Asher, and July 29, Dr. H. C. Steptoe.

The prospect was brighter at the beginning of 1875 than it had been since tlie war ; the eifects of the panic

were passing away and people were working hard to recover the losses of the past ten years.

An interesting occasion was the opening of the Miller Orphan Asylum, January 18. The building was planned by General John Ellicott and built by K. C. Burkholder, and was completed several years before, but was not opened until this time. The officers of the institution were John H. Flood, president ; George D. Davis, vice-president ; James O. Williams, secretary and treasurer, and Dr. Granville R. Lewis and wife, superintendent and matron. The board of directors : Lorenzo Norvell, Judge D. E. Spence, W. A. Miller, T. E. Murrell, T. C. S. Ferguson, C. W. Button, J. F. Slaughter, Dr. J. J. Terrell, W. A. Strother, J. M. Booker and R. T. Craighill. The asylum is doing a magnificent work, and is a noble monument to its founder, Samuel Miller.

The time for the annual celebration of the volunteer fire companies had come, and their thirty-ninth ball was given at the Norvell House February 1. These were times of great enjoyment, and were participated in by many leading citizens, who were proud to be members of the volunteer companies. The committee of arrangements this year was : Jehu Williams, W. L. Moorman, T. D. Jennings, James T. Williams, John D. Holt, William Kinnier, James M. Cobbs, John A. Kinnier, W. Q. Spence, E. B. Carr, W. H. Robinson and W. T. Crawford. It was these social gatherings, with the excitement of an occasional fire, that kept the companies together and gave the city an efficient corps

of firemen without expense, besides the cost of the annual celebration.

The spirit of improvement was everywhere manifesting itself. The city was still working for the lunatic asylum, and March 16 a public meeting was held to urge the extension of the James river and Kanawha canal to Clifton Forge to connect with the Chesapeake and Ohio road. General T. T. Munford was made chairman, and after a full discussion resolutions were passed endorsing the movement and requesting that the work be begun at once. Another improvement was the new union depot at the junction of the Atlantic, Mississippi and Ohio and the Washington City, Virginia Midland and Great Southern roads. The gauges of these roads were different, and in order to transfer the sleepers the trucks had to be changed ; to accomplish this without delay a steam car lifter was also erected within a few yards of the depot.

There was much of interest in church affairs. Rev. D. L. Greenfield closed four successful years at the Methodist Protestant church, and was succeeded by Rev. S. T. Graham, and this church and the Baptist church were remodeled. The events that will long be remembered in the history of Lynchburg were the two revivals begun April 1 — one at Centenary church, under Rev. Leonidas Rosser, and the other at the First Presbyterian church, under Rev. C. M. Howard. These churches were crowded night after night for nearly seven weeks, and it was not unusual to see a large number of people waiting at the church doors before

dark, so as to get seats. The interest was so great that but little was talked of on the streets and in the public places but religion. A play was advertised to show at Holcombe Hall several nights, but the attendance was so small that they had to close after the first night. The papers gave columns to reports of the meeting, and in one issue thus spoke of them : " Rosser and Howard are making things warm and lively. They are shaking up the foundations of sin, and are going for the sinners with a vim and are hauling them in in crowds. They have got the ' old boy ' on the run and are following up the advantage sharply." Before the meetings closed there were over two hundred professions at the First church and over three hundred at Centenary, and among these were many of the leading citizens of the town. Before these services closed the Redemptionist Fathers began a mission at the Catholic church, and conducted it several weeks with great success.
