The upper bands of the Sioux in their pronunciation substitute the letter I for the d.

Min-ne-t-r, or Gros ventre Language, man-ce-ch-t-et — Bis

knife British, bo-sh-it-to-tchr-shu-pesha — the men who bring black

cloth French, bo-she

— the crow people Crow Indians, another band, ehha-tza — the people of leaves Snake Indians, m-buc-sho-rochpan-ga Flat-headed Indians, i-too-ha-pe Gros ventre of the Fort prairie, a

Assinniboin Indians, e-t4ns-ke-pase-ta-qua Shienne Indians, a-wis-she-tanqua, or it-anst;-p6-:je Sauteur Indians, ha-hat-tong Mandan Indians, a-rach-bo-cu Sioux Indians, it-ans-ke Les Noire Indians, at-t-shu-peshd-loh-pm-ga The Red Shield Chief, one of the

principal chiefs, e-tam-ina-gehiss-sha The Borgne or One Eye, grand

chief, a remarkable man, he was

killed by the Red Shield, a few

years since, ka-ko-a-kis

VOCABULARY OF INDIAN LANGUAGES. Ixxxv

river that carries canoes Little Missouri river, -mS,nti-c&-

\] — the river of yellow rocks Physician, mkt-zk-mk-ho-pk Village, a-ma-teh Praine, -mon-su-kdt Eagle, ich-pro-hich Tomahawk, weep-s-lin-ga Green, thiu-te-ge Little wolf, bot-sas Mountain, avo-ca-ve Kill, tk-hk Die, tas Scalp, .-rm-pa-tsak-ke

He or she, n

Bison cow, me-te-ya

A thick forest of small trees, bera-she-e-p6 Fight, r-U Drink, be-di-h( Steal, ma--shan-re Talk, di-dk Gunpowder, mr-d-z-ba Nineteen, a-p-no-was-sap-pii Twenty, no-o-pah-pe-ra-gis Forty, to-pah--pe-ra-gas

Grand Pawnees, tch-w Pawnee Republicans, /.-kk-kk or

ket-ka-kesh Tappage band, p-tou-we-ri Not, bujtje Tool Robe, (the republican grand

chief,) sha-re-a-diksh-taw-we Fourteen, liih-ko-ke-t Fifteen, she-oksh-ta-ro-k-tl.

less one) Twenty-one, petouo-s-ko

Thirty, Mk-she-r-we-toti-o Thirty-one, luksherewetouo-asko Forty-one, petkoshooraro-as-ko Fifty, petkoshoorarolokshere Sixty, toLi-wet-ra-ro Seventy, touwetrarolokshere Seventy -one, touwetrarolokshere

askolokshere Eighty, shke-tiksh-ta-ro Eighty -one, shketikshtaroasko Ninety, shketikshtarolokshere Ninety-one, shketikshtaroaskolokshere One hundred, sh-koksh-ti-ro One thousand, petkoshoorarolokshere-tsa-e-ksh The name of one individual of

the Pawnee Loups is " The

maker of God."

Ixxxvi VOCABULARY OF INDIAN LANGUAGES.

The two following Vocabularies were taken down by Major Long during his tour on the upper Mississippi in the year 1817.

Winnebago, Puant, or Nip-

Naudowessies of Carver and

American or >

Canoe or boat

n ah -pur

House or lodge

VOCABULARY OF INDIAN LANGUAGES. Ixxxvii

Winnebago, Puant, or Nip-

Naudowessies of Carver and

sin -te -pah

No, or nothing

Oar, or paddle

wich-i-hin-chah, old man

Pond or lake

Town or vil- } Tobacco

ne-nah, or neh

Ixxxviii VOCABULARY OF INDIAN LANGUAGES.

Winnebago, Puant, or Nip-

Naudowessies of Carver and

Allegbany muutitains, some of their

American character, estimation of by

Arkansa, arrival at one of its tributaries, ii, - - - 15 arrival and encampment at,

remarks on its valley near the party commence their descent of, ii, - - - 60

country on, below Belle

their attempt to take one of

Astronomical records, Appendix

ix et seq. Attack by the Indians ou a block

Vol. II. N

his death and character,

ferocity of when wounded,

detached with a party to

his detachment to descend the Arkansa, ii, 173 account of their movements, ii, - 172 et seq. Belle Fontaine, arrival at, &c., i, - 67 Belle Point, description of, &c., ii, 260

Capt. Bell's party arrive

Bijeau, his account of the Rocky

Bijeau and Ledoux, join the expedition, i, - 450 their character, usefulness, and separation from

£iscuit, or bread, allowance of to the

more afraid of whiles than of

Body of a white otficer interred by

Bones of a serpent found in an Indian grave, i, - - 64 Boyer river examined by the party, i, 344 Bridges, probability of their construciion, across the Ohio Bull pen, source of north fork of the

Cado chief, his interview with Freeman's party, ii, - 311

Calloway capt., his skirmish with the

Camancias, remains of their encampment, and a recent

Camp Missouri , sickness of the troops

its valley bounded by

Canadian river, width of its bed, ii, 120 opinions concerning supposed Rib Rajo remarks on the country, ii, 132, 143, 148, 152 arrival at its confluence with the Arkansa, ii, - 167

difficulty in passing

Canoe, skin, mode of constructing, i, 429 reassembling of the Cash river, its mouth a harbour for

Cassis cornutus found in an Indian

verginianus, manner of decoying, i, - - 103 Charcoal included in the argillaceous sandstone, ii, - - 80 origin of their quarrel with the some account of

Climate, general remarks concerning, ii, - 320etseq. Conglomerates in tlie Ozark mountains, ii, - - 10,299 Country north of the Missouri, journey through, i, - 406 to 423 at the base of the Rocky between the Cherokees and

beggar, i, - - id.

Dangers and diflSculties suggested

Deserters, Nuwland, Myers, and

Bernard; their theft, and

the priv&tioDS to which

Captain Bell's party were

Dogs, sufferings and death, ii, 213, 221

Dougherty, John, and others, overtake the steam boat

remarkable instance of his knowledge of

his adventures with

Earthquakes felt at Cape Girardeau, ii, - - 325 instance of its behaviour when Elk Horn river, passage of, in a skin

outfit and departure of the

Excursion from Point Pleasant, on the Arkansa, to the Hot Springs Exhalations, luminous, account of, i, 412

Fields, Lieutenant, with fifteen men

Formica, a species of, used as food

Freeman, account of his expedition

Frenchoian, singular hardihood of

psaltria and frontalis described, ii, . . 40 Fulgur perversus found in an Indian

Geographical land-marks, want of, ii, 128

Geology, see tab. con. vol. ii. ch. XIX. Girl, letan presents a horse to Major

Glen, Mr., his trading house on the

remarks on the country

camp creek, grand encampment, i, - - 502 Grapes, abundant and delicious, nature indicates the proper Graves of the reputed Lilliputians, i,

Greenstone, amygdaloidal and porpbyritic, ii, - - 81

Grouse, apparently a new species described, ii, - - 14

Hop, common, on the Rocky Mountains, ii. - - 8 Hornbleud in connection with the granite of the Rocky Mountains, ii. - - 5 Horses, and mules belonging to the

whole number belonging to

Hot Springs of the Washita noticed, and remarks on the circumjacent country, ii. 288 et seq. their individual temperature, locality, and comparative discharge, ii. 291 Human feet, impressions in limestone, i, - 57

Illinois riverof Arkansa, arrival at, ii. 254

Indians, detailed account of, i 167 to 403

wandering, trade with the

met by Captain Bell's detachment, ii. - - 174 estimation of inferior animals, i. - - 320 interpreters and guides, difficulty in obtaining, i. - 443

Isle Au Vacbe, see Cow Island.

James, Dr. £., joins the Expedition, i. - - 404 his excursion from the camp on tlie Platte to the Rocky Journey from St. Louis lo Engineer Cantonment — account of the

Kakoakis, a Minnetaree chief, ravishes and kills a squaw, i. 309 Kaskaias, party of met by Major

their diseases, habits, and deportment, ii. - 113 Kaskaskias river, a town at its

council, their fondness for tobacco, ii. 176 their horsemanship, appearance, dress,

their grand chief subordinate chief of,

Konzas river, arrival at. &c.,i. - lOB

remarks on the country

deputation proceeds to Isle au

description of the village, dwellings, and furniture, i. - 120

food, morle of cooking, and culinary apparatus, i. - 122

go\ernment, marriage ceremony, i. - - - 123

mourning for the dead, polygamy, ties of relationship and friendship, and denominations

physical description, clothing,

occupations of the women, ablutions, chastity, courtezans, i. 128

sodomy, mode of plucking out

the party exchange a horse with

Lampyris, different modes of corruscating, 1. - - 7$ Lands, public, provision for schools,

Le Mine river, discovery of the body

of an officerburied near,

extensive diggings near

Long, Maj., his detachment commence their march towards

Long Hair, remarkable instance of

Martynia proposcidea found, native, ii. - - 51 Maysville, religious meeting near, i. 20 Meal, parched maize, allowance

Meteorological register, appendix XLIII. Minnetarees, belief in the resurrection of the bison, i. - 278 Missouri, arrival at, and its character, I. - - - 66 width and depth of its valley, i. - - US

destroy a party dispersed by the Monongahela river, printed Alleghany,!. - 13 Mounds, natural, ii. - on

Navigation of the Alleghany and

of the Missouri obstructed

Negroes, their funeral ceremonies, ii. 328

Nishnebottona, river and grand

O'Fallon, Indian agent joins the expedition, i. - 70

Ohio river, remarks on the scenery

mouth of, its importance in

remarks on the scenery

Omawhaw Indians, council with

surprise at the properties

Omaivhaw, occupations, preparations

departure on a bunting excursion, i. - - 205 ceremony on discovering a

surrounding a iierd of bisons, i. - - 208 dissection and preparation different preparations of return by the village and proceed on to hunt the manner of preparing the

matrimony and the married state, i. - 230 monsters, abortion, infant

boys, their propitiation of the VVahconda — disobedience, i. - - 240 youug man, his home till

love — maternal love, anecdote, i. - - 244 medical and surgical knowledge, i. - - 262

astronomical and geographic'dl knowledge, i. - 288 culinary, horticultural and battle with the Pawnee

battle with the Pawnee republicans, i. - - 300 Orders, Major Long's, detailing the duties of the individuals of the party at the commencement of the expedition, i. 1 relative to the duties of the party during the winter cantonment, i. - 166 issued at the departure of the expedition from Engineer Cantonment, i. 423 number of children of a party of, attacked by the their nation, village, and

Oto Indians, ceremony of marking a

Out-fit and departure from Pittsburgli, i. - - 4

Owl, Coquiinbo described, ii. 36, 37, 200 Ozaric mountains, remarks concerning, li. - - 2'iG account of soil, minerals,

Pawnee Indians, their attack on Mr.

village destroyed by VVasacaruja, i. - - 306

mode of receiving distinguished strangers, i. 355, 365

battle with the mountain

Pawnee villages, arrival at, i. 435 etseq.

situation and surrounding

accidental separation from the

Pigeon, apparently new, described, ii. 10

species of, on the Rocky Mountains, ii. - - 34

Pinus flexilis, ii.

described, ii, -

fruit eaten, ii.

Pipe stone, Indian, i.

Plantago attenuata, i.

Plants of the Rocky Mountains

a Cherokee village on the Arkansa, ii. - - 268

Poison Spring, near the Hot Springs

Prairies, their origin and character, i. 404

Precious metals, fabulous accounts

Prickly pear, (cactus ferox and

Provisions, seasonable supply of, i. 462

Capt Bell's party in great

difficulty in ascending its

Red Eirer of Louisiana, account of, from Freeman's MS. journal, ii. - 302 et seq. remariib on the tributaries

Rivers of the Ozark mountains, speculation couceriiiug, ii. 281, 294

or trace from Charaton to

Rock, remarkable, in Canadian river, li. - - 162 view of from the summit of

Sabbath observed by the party as a

Saddle, Indian, speedy construction

OD a brauch of Le Mine rivet, i. - - 100 Salt, native, procured by an Ankara, i. - - 449 Vol. II.

at the base of the Rocky

Say, Mr., detached with a party at

detached with a party from

detached with a party to explore the country i-etween fort Osage and the Pawnee

account of his journey to the

his party plundered by a Pawnee war party, i. - 132 Settlers, first, their character, ii. 279 Shawnee Indian's head elevated on

Shell of ihe Omawhaws, object of

Short Mountain creek and settlement, ii. - - 266 Sickness of the exploring party, and

Solanum triflorum and heterandrum, i. - - 453 Spaniards, their measures to intercept Fieeniau's party, ii. 312

Springs in the red and gray sand

Tarrarecawaho, his speech to his

Testudo, geographica, its oviposition, i. - - 32

Ticks, seed, the party annoyed

Tobacco fumes highly relished by

Topography, see table of contents,

Tortures, expiatory, of the Minnetarees, i. - - 276 Travelling, order of observed by the

Treaty of peace, ceremonies of, i. SIO Trees iniwedded in the banks of the

Tribes and bands of the Omawhawb, i. - - 325

in Illinois, on the American

Tyawapeti bottom, i.

Ulmus alata, ii.

Ursus horribilis described, ii.

Vespertilio novaboracensis et subulatus descril>ed, ii. 65

Vocabularies of Indian Languages appendix LXIX et seq.

Volcano pseudo, subteiranean explosion, i. - 196

Waters, their colour considered, i. - 10 Water, want of, the occasion of unavoidable filthiness, ii. 141 Water of the red sandstone formation, ii. - - 96 Wealth, superior, indicated by the
