e struggle, which is commonlv called Braddock's war," Fort Du Quesne changed masters, and the English,

abandoning the original work, which was probably a mere stockade, built a more regular fortification on a site immediately adjoining, which they named Fort Pitt. This post, erected on a low point of land, and commanded by hills on every side, would appear to a soldier of the present day to have been untenable, and consequently useless ; nor can the reasons of its original establishment, and subsequent impor-. tance, be ascertained, without recurring to the history of those times. As a place of deposit for military stores it possessed singular advantages, in the facilities which it afforded for their transportation, as there is no other spot from which they could have been distributed with equal celerity, or over so large an extent of country. Nor was its situation with regard to defence so desperate as we might at first imagine. It is to be recollected, that in those days there was little or no artillery west of the mountains ; and that it was considered as almost impossible to pass the Allegheny ridge with a carriage of any description. There was little reason to apprehend that any ordnance would be brought to assail the ramparts of that insu-

lated fortress, which seemed destined to assert the sway of Britain over a boundless wilderness. But, notwithstanding this imaginary security, the works, of which there are extensive ruins still visible, seem to have been built after the usual fashion of that period, and to have had the strength, as well as the form, of a regular fortification. A bomb-proof magazine is still extant, in good preservation. This fort is said to have been built by Lord Stanwin, and to have cost the British government sixty thousand pounds sterling. As it would seem, by placing it at this exposed spot, that an attack by artillery was not apprehended, and as, if such an attack had been made, resistance would have been in vain, it is difficult to conceive what could have been the motives of the builders in giving it such strength and regularity. We must either suppose that their military habits prevailed over the better dictates of prudence, or that they intended to impress their Indian neighbours with an exalted opinion of their security and power. It is said, that shortly after the English took possession, the Indian traders built a row of fine brick houses, on the

margin of the Allegheny, but that their foundations were sapped by the encroachments of the river : no vestige of them remains. About the year I76O, a small town was built near Fort Pitt, which contained nearly two hundred souls ; but on the breaking out of the Indian war in 1763, the inhabitants retired into the fort, and their dwellings were suffered to fall into decay. The British officers had some fine gardens here, called the " King's," and " Artillery gardens," and large orchards of choice fruit : the old inhabitants of the present town recollect them ; but there are now no remains of these early attempts at luxury and comfort.

After Fort Pitt came into the possession of the Americans, it was occupied but for a short time, when the garrison was removed to a spot about a mile further up, on the Allegheny river, where a picket work and block-houses were erected, and called Fort Fayette. This post was occupied by the United States' troops until the erection, within a few years past, of the arsenal, two miles further up. The location of the arsenal as a military post is injudicious ; and so little skill was exerted in its erection, as to

render it not susceptible of defence ; but in other respects it is a convenient and valuable establishment, well calculated for the manufacture and deposit of ordnance, small arms, and other munitions of war.

Pittsburgh was first laid out in the year I765 ; it was afterwards laid out, surveyed, and completed on its present plan, in 17S4, by Colonel George Woods, by order of Tench Francis, Esq., attorney for John Penn, and John Penn, junior. The increase of the town was not rapid until the year 1793, in consequence of the inroads of the savage tribes, which impeded the growth of the neighbouring settlements. The western insurrection, more generally known as the Whisky War," once more made this the scene of commotion, and is said to have given Pittsburgh a new and reviving impulse, by throwing a considerable sum of money into circulation. Since that time it has increased rapidly, and a few years ago was erected into a city.

Pittsburgh and its vicinity may proudly challenge comparison in beauty of scenery and healthfulness of situation. Surrounded by hills

and vallies which, in the seasons of verdure, are clothed in the richest vegetation, commanding points may be found in every direction, from which the eye is delighted with the most romantic scenes. Three noble streams contribute to diversify the prospect, embellishing and enlivening an endless variety of Nature's loveliest pictures.

Grant's-hill, an abrupt eminence which projects into the rear of the city, affords one of the most delightful prospects with which I am acquainted ; presenting a singular combination of the bustle of the town, with the solitude and sweetness of the country. How many hours have I spent here, in the enjoyment of those exquisite sensations which are awakened by pleasing associations and picturesque scenes! The city lay beneath me, enveloped in smoke — the clang of hammers resounded from its numerous manufactories — the rattling of carriages and the hum of men were heard from its streets — churches, courts, hotels, and markets, and all the " pomp and circumstance" of busy life, were presented in one panoramic view. Behind me were all the silent soft attractions of rural

sweetness— the ground rising gradually for a considerable distance, and exhibiting country seats, surrounded with cultivated fields, gardens, and orchards. On either hand were the rivers, one dashing over beds of rock, the other sluggishly meandering among the hills ; — while the lofty eminences beyond them, covered with timber, displayed a rich foliage, decked and shadowed with every tint of the rainbow. Below the town, the Ohio is seen, receiving her tributary streams, and bearing off to the west, burthened with rich freights. The towns of Allegheny on the right hand, and Birmingham on the left — the noble bridges that lead to the city in opposite directions — the arsenal, and the little village of Laurenceville, in the rear, added variety to the scene. What a spot for a poet! But little more than half a century ago, how lonely and insulated were these solitudes ! How solitary was that fortress, whose flag, like an exotic flower, displayed its gaudy colours in an uncongenial clime, and whose morning gun awakened the echoes which had slept for unnumbered years ! The sentry walked ' his lonely round" upon those battlements which are now

in ruins — the officer strayed pensively along the margin of the river, and as he gazed upon the surrounding beauties, which now began to pall upon the senses, he thought, as the poet has since sung :

' Society, friendship, and love.

Divinely bestow'd upon man — Oh, had I the wings of a dove.

How soon would I taste you again !"

The deer then tenanted the forest, and the Indian with his light canoe sported on the wave. Behold now the contrast ! But enough of this. This eminence received its name from Colonel Grant, a Scottish officer, who fell a sacrifice here to his imprudent courage in the war which ended in 1763. He had been detached with a body of eight hundred highlanders, to surprise the French garrison of Fort Du Quesne ; and arriving at these heights in the evening, he delayed the final blow until the succeeding morning. The morning found him ready for action and confident of success ; but, elated by the impunity which had so far attended his enterprise, or despising the inactive foe,who seemed already within his grasp, — in a

fatal moment of incaution, he ordered his musicians to sound the reveille. As the martial sounds stole along the hills, calling forth the echoes from an hundred caverns, the gallant Scots might have fancied themselves in that/ar awa land which a Scotsman never forgets ; but alas ! those bugle blasts which aroused their hearts to enthusiasm, were the last they were destined to hear! The French and Indians, thus apprised by their enemy of his approach, sallied privately from the fort, possessed themselves of the hills in the rear of Grant, and of the surrounding coverts, and, rushing in upon the devoted party, hewed them in pieces !

Castlemaiirs-hill, one of the highest points in this vicinity, affords a rich and extensive prospect, embracing a view of this lovely country for many miles round. The Monongahela is seen winding its serpentine course far beneath the spectator's feet, and the city, dwindled tc an atom, appears in distant perspective. Persons of taste resort to this spot, and a stranger would hardly be pardonable who should omit to pay it a visit.

Twelve miles from Pittsburgh, on the banks

of the Monongahela, is Braddock's Field," a scene of signal disaster to the British arms. The name of Braddock has not been cherished by his countrymen, and no attempt has been made to rescue his fame from obloquy ; perhaps, because no plausible ground of vindication exists ; but every feeling mind must deplore the premature fall of a brave, though obstinate leader, and the sacrifice of a gallant army. There is nothing more arbitrary than the meed of applause or opprobrium, bestowed upon the soldier's toils ; success being, too generally, the test of merit. I am therefore disposed to judge charitably of military miscarriages, and to venerate the fallen brave, although they may have fallen unwisely. He who gives his life to his country, gives his all, and having thus proved the sincerity of his patriotism, leaves his name to posterity, with a sacred and imposing claim upon their candour. In the tempest of that day, which consigned Braddock to an unhonoured grave, the genius of Washington dawned, with a lustre which gave promise of its future greatness ; and the American reveres the spot which has been hallowed by the illus-

PITTSBURGH, AND ITS VICINITY. Tj

trious presence and gallant deeds of the father of his country. Here too, a small band of undismayed Virginians signalised their valour, checked the triumphant savage, and rescued from total annihilation the dispersed and crestfallen remnants of those proud battalions, who affected to look down upon them, a few hours before, with all the vaunting arrogance of military pride. " Braddock's Field," for so the battle ground is called, is now a large farm, owned and cultivated by an individual. The scene of action was on the banks of the river, on an undulating surface, covered at that time with thick woods, but now occupied by enclosed fields. The husbandman now whistles over the consecrated ground, as he toils among the ashes of the brave. Vast quantities of bones have been thrown up by the plough, and at times gathered into heaps and burned ; but a great number still remain, scattered around for the distance of about a mile. These fragments were sufficiently numerous when I last visited this spot, to have designated it as a battleground, even to a casual observer who had not been previously aware of the fact.

But the prospect which the good people of Pittsburgh consider as most lovely, "to soul and to eye," is to be found on the northern face of Coal-hill. The yawning caverns which here display their hideous mouths, would have been celebrated among the ancients as the abodes of unpropitious deities j the less classical citizens have peopled them with spirits of sterner stuff — have made them mines of inexhaustible wealth, and drawn from them the materials of substantial comfort. Not only this hill, but the whole of the surrounding country, is full of coal of excellent quality, which is found in immense strata lyiig almost invariably upon one and the same level. It contains a large proportion of sulphur, and is hard, heavy, and of a deep shining black colour ; it is easily ignited, and produces an intense heat ; but is very dirty, emits immense volumes of smoke, and throws up an unusual quantity of cinders and dust. These latter fill the atmosphere, and are continually falling in showers, to the great terror of strangers and sojourners, and with manifest injury to the dresses of the ladies, and the white hands of eastern gentlemen. From
