On the following morning there were flashes of lightning in the east, with low rumbling thunder, and clouds began to gather about the horizon. Beatte prognosticated rain, and that the wind would veer to the north. In the course of our march a flock of cranes were seen over-head, flying from the north : There comes the wind!" said Beatte ; and, in fact, it began to blow from that quarter almost immediately, with occasional flurries of rain. About half past nine o'clock we forded the North Fork of the Canadian, and encamped about one ; that our hunters might have time to beat up the neighbourhood for game. In fact, a serious scarcity began to prevail in the camp. Most of the rangers were young, heedless, and inexperienced, and could not be prevailed upon, when provisions abounded, to provide for the future, by jerking meat, or carrying away any on their horses. On leaving an encampment, they would leave quantities of

meat Ijing about, trusting to Providence and their rifles for a future supply. The consequence was, that any temporary scarcity of game, or ill luck in hunting, produced almost a famine in the camp. In the present instance they had left loads of buffalo meat at the camp on the Great Prairie ; and, having ever since been on a forced march, leaving no time for hunting, they were now destitute of supplies, and pinched with hunger. Some had not eaten any thing since the morning of the preceding day. Nothing would have persuaded them, when revelling in the abundance of the buffalo encampment that they would so soon be in such famishing plight.

The hunters returned with indifferent success. The game had been frightened away from this part of the country by Indian hunting parties which had preceded us. Ten or a dozen wild turkeys were brought in but not a deer had been seen. The rangers began to think turkeys, and even prairie hens, deserving of attention ; game which

they had hitherto considered unworthy of their rifles.

The night was cold and windy, with occasional sprinklings of rain ; but we had roaring fires to keep us comfortable. la the night a flight of wild geese passed over the camp, making a great cackling in the air ; symptoms of approaching winter.

We set forward at an early hour the next morning, in a north-east course, and came upon the trace of a party of Creek Indians, which enabled our poor horses to travel with more ease. We entered upon a fine champaign country. From a rising ground we had a noble prospect over extensive prairies, finely diversified by groves and tracts of woodland, and bounded by long lines of distant hills, all clothed with the rich mellow tints of autumn. Game, too, was more plenty. A fine buck sprang up from among the herbage on our right, and dashed off at full speed ; but a young ranger, by the name of Childers, who was on foot, levelled his rifle, discharged a ball that broke the neck of the

bounding deer, and sent him tumbling head over heels forward. Another buck and a doe, beside several turkeys, were killed before we came to a halt ; so that the hungrymouths of the troop were once more supplied.

About three oclock we encamped in a grove, after a forced march of twenty-five miles, that had proved a hard trial to the horses. For a long time after the head of the line had encamped, the rest kept straggling in, two and three at a time : one of our pack-horses had given out, about nine miles back, and a pony belonging to Beatte shortly after. Many of the other horses looked so gaunt and feeble, that doubts had been entertained of their being able to reach the fort. In the night there was heavy rain, and the morning dawned cloudy and dismal. The camp resounded, however, with something of its former gaiety. The rangers had supped well, and were renovated in spirits, anticipating a speedy arrival at the garrison. Before we set forward oa

our march, Beatte returned and brought his pony to the camp, with great difficultyc The pack-horse, however, was completely knocked up, and was of necessity abandoned. The wild mare, too, had cast her foal, through exhaustion, and was not in a state to go forward. She and the pony, therefore, were left at this encampment, where there was water and good pasturage, and where there would be a chance of their reviving, and being afterwards sought out, and brought to the garrison.

We set off about eight o'clock, and had a day of weary and harassing travel, part of the time over rough hills, and part over rolling prairies. The rain had rendered the soil slippery and plashy, so as to afford unsteady foot-hold. Some of the rangers dismounted, their horses having no longer the stren<jth to bear them. We made a halt in the course of the morning, when the horses were too tired to graze. Several of them lay down, and there was some difficulty in getting them on their feet again. Our troop

presented a forlorn appearance, straggling' slowly along, in a broken and scattered line that extended over hill and dale for three miles and upwards, in groups of three and four, widely apart, some on horseback, some on foot, with a few laggards far in the rear. About four o'clock we halted for the night in a spacious forest, beside a deep narrow river called the Little North Fork, or Deep Creek. It was late before the main part of the troop straggled into the encampment ; many of the horses having given out. As the stream was too deep to .be forded, we waited until the next day, to devise means to cross it ; but our half-breeds swam the horses of our party to the other side in the evening, as they would have better pasturage, and the stream was evidently swelling. The night was cold and unruly ; the wind sounding hoarsely through the forest, and whirling about the dry leaves. We made large fires of great trunks of trees, which diffused something of consolation, if not cheerfulness, around.

The next morning, general permission was given to hunt until twelve o'clock, the camp being destitute of provisions. The rich woody ground on which we were encamped abounded with wild turkeys, of which a considerable number were killed. In the mean time preparations were made for crossing the river, which had risen several feet during the night ; and it was determined to fell trees to serve the purpose of bridges. The Captain and Doctor, and one or two other leaders of the camp, versed in woodcraft, examined with learned eye the trees growing on the river bank, until they singled out a couple of the largest size and most suitable inclination. The axe was then vigorously applied to their roots in such a way as to ensure their falling directly across the stream. As they did not reach to the op posite bank, it was necessary for some of the men to swim across, and fell trees on the other side to meet them. They at length succeeded in making a precarious footway across the deep and rapid current, by which

the baggage could be carried over ; but it was necessary to grope our way, step by step, along the trunks and main branches of the trees, which, for a part of the distance, were completely submerged, so that we were to our waists in water. Most of the horses were then swum across, but some them were too weak to brave the current ; and evidently too much knocked up to bear any further travel.

Twelve men, therefore, were left at the encampment to guard these horses, until, by repose and good pasturage, they should be sufficiently recovered to complete their journey; and the Captain engaged to send the men a supply of flour and other necessaries as soon as we should arrive at the fort.

A LOOK-OUT FOR LAND. — HARD TRAVELLING AND

It was a little after one oclock when we again resumed our weary wayfaring. The residue of that day and the whole of the next were spent in toilsome travel. Part of the way was over stony hills, part across wide prairies, rendered spongy and miry by the recent rain, and cut up by brooks swollen into torrents. Our poor horses were so feeble, that it was with difficulty we could get them across the deep ravines and turbulent streams. In traversing the miry plains, they slipped and staggered at every step ', and most of us were obliged to dismount and walk for the greater part of the

way. Hunger prevailed throughout the troop ; every one began to look anxious and haggard, and to feel the growing length of every additional mile. At one time, in crossing a hill, Beatte climbed a high tree, commanding a wide prospect, and took a look-out, like a mariner from the mast-head at sea. He came down with cheering tidings. To the left he had beheld a line of forest stretching across the country, which he knew to be the woody border of the Arkansas ; and at a distance he had recognised certain landmarks, from which he concluded that we could not be above forty miles distant from the fort. It was like the welcome cry of land to tempest-tost mariners.

In fact, we soon after saw smoke rising from a woody glen at a distance. It was supposed to be made by a hunting party of Creek or Osage Indians from the neighbourhood of the fort, and was joyfully hailed as a harbinger of man. It was now confidently hoped that we should soon arrive among the frontier hamlets of Creek Indians, which are

scattered along the skirts of the uninhabited wilderness ; and our hungry rangers trudged forward with reviving spirits, regaling themselves with savoury anticipations of farm-house luxuries, and enumerating every article of good cheer, until their mouths fairly watered at the shadowy feasts thus conjured up.

A hungry night, however, closed in upon a toilsome day. We encamped on the border of one of the tributary streams of the Arkansas, amidst the ruins of a stately grove that had been riven by a hurricane. The blast had torn its way through the forest in a narrow column, and its course was marked by enormous trees shivered, and splintered, and upturned, with their roots in the air ; all lying in one direction, like so many brittle reeds, broken and trodden down by the hunter.

Here was fuel in abundance, without the labour of the axe. We had soon immense fires blazing and sparkling in the frosty air, and lighting up the whole forest ; but, alas ! we had no meat to cook at them. The

scarcity in the camp almost amounted to famine. Happy was he who had a morsel of jerked meat, or even the half-picked bones of a former repast. For our part, Ave were more lucky at our mess than our neighbours, one of our men having- shot a turkey. We had no bread to eat Avith it, nor salt to season it withal. It was simply boiled in water ; the latter was served up as soup, and we were fain to rub each morsel of the turkey on the empty salt bag, in hopes some saline particle might remain to relieve its insipidity.

The night was biting cold ; the brilliant moonlight sparkled on the frosty crystals which covered every object around us. The water froze beside the skins on which we bivouacked, and in the morning I found the blanket in which I was wrapped covered with a hoar-frost ; yet I had never slept more comfortably.

After a shadow of a breakfast, consistins; of turkey bones, and a cup of coffee without sugar, we decamped at an early hour ; for hunger is a sharp quickener on a journe
