Dear General and freind, I am happy to inform you I am as Well as Can be Expected a man of my age Can be Supposd: I think I Was about 17 When Your Father Started To the Land of Liberty: If you be the man [who] Was Born in Waxa Settlement South Carolina, Son of Andr [e]w Jackson and Elisabeth Hutchison his Wife, they had one Son Hugh (for his Grand father) they had one Son Born at Sea, Named Robert, the 3d Son of my Brother Was yourself (If you are the man I imajine). I had 3 Letters from Carolina before my Brother Died: Since which I Never Received Any: Tho Since I Came To this Country I have Wrote To you; But I Suppose In the Various Scenes you have Been Engaged You Never got them: I agan Write Hoping you Will Answer Immediately If you Receiv it: and Let us know What family you have and Where you are fixed and generaly Reside? I Live Within 1 mile of Beavertown the County town and about 30 from Pittsburg, I have 2 Sons Andrew and James, Both marid, and 2 daughters Elisabeth and Jane Both marrid also (I Live with Jane) Shes is Married To my Brother Hu Jacksons Son his name is James: Andrew Jackson James Hu and Robert myself was the names of the Jacksons I Belong To and If you are of them, I want you To be So Kind as Immediately To Write the first oppertunity that Busi- ness Will permit you To do So: When you Write dirret To Robert Jack- son near Beavertown pensylvania; To the Care of Thomas Henry Sheriff of Beaver County: I Remain Dear, General your freind etc *

McCoy anp CoMPANY TO JACKSON.

General Andrew Jackson, Nashville, Tennessee,

Dear Sir, Your Esteemed favor of 27th ulto. address’d to Our late firm, was duly received, And we regret, prospects being such, as not to Afford us more room to Offer You encouragement for the shipment of Your Crop for this market. The Very best selections from choice prime Louisiana Cotton, will not Command over 14 or 14% Cts. but it must be something superior to command exceeding 13 or 13% Cts. second qual- ity may be quoted at 12 or 12% cts, and 3rd at about 8 or 11 cts. None of the new Crop of Tennessee has Yet reached market. The best of the Old now remaining on hand will not command over 8 cts, and inferior from 6 or 7 cts. The prime and best put up of the new crop would not now (if in market) command over 10 Cents to class, And Common crops not more than from 6 or 8 cts. As to an Advance or decline in price, there appears to be a Great Variety of Opinions. It is true, there must be an immense Amount of Produce of various kinds at market during the present season, Which, connected with the Circumstance of money being unusually scarce, one Would Argue no favourable results from shipments to that

1It is to be regretted that Jackson gave no intimation of his opini i i ‘ rette F pinion of this letter. It is indorsed, but not in his hand, “ Robert Jackson, claims relationship to General Jackson ”,

Market. Yet, believing as we do, that the demand must shortly increase, we Cannot Anticipate a further decline, On the Contrary, believe that if a change takes place, it must be favourable. After comparing the foregoing with the Offers You have had, You Can best judge of the propriety of a shipment. We Can Only pledge Our best exertions in the promotion of Your interest should you Conclude upon it. With Great respect, we remain,

Genl Andrew Jackson

Dear Sir. Your esteemed favr by Mr Donnaldson is at hand.

Since we last address’d you* we have Receivd advices from our mu- tual friends Wm Kenner and Co of the most discouraging kind in rela- tion to Cotton. Their advise is not to exceed Six Cents, for best Tennes- see Cotton. But as we have engagements to meet to the Eastward we are in some measure Compelled to purchase.

We would therefore propose to purchase your Cotton in this State and Alabama on the following terms if they meet your views. We will give you 8 cts pr. lb for the Cotton in Alabama and 8% for what you have at home, The Alabama Cotton to be deliverd to us on the Tennessee River by the 15th of Jany, That part which you have at home as soon as prac- ticable. We will Pay you $1000 between this time and the 2oth of next month and ask of you 6 months time to pay the Balance. Our reason for requiring this indulgence is that one of our firm will go on to Philada. to purchase goods in the Course of the winter, and some little Credit would be a matter of great accommodation.

If the above propositions are acceed[ed] to, you will please inform us, and draw on us at any time for $500. We remain Your Obt. Serv.

To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.”

.. .. What do you do with your cotton this year, do you ship it, should I not sell, will you have mine shipped with yours. I have said to Mr Parsons when the cotton is bailed advise you, and you will order what is to be done with it. I have wrote some time since to McCoy and Scallen, but have recd no answer yet. If I can sell below for eleven cents, I will ship. exchange at Nashville is rising, the holders of our baggs will have to bid up or they will get no cotton. I do not believe we ought to take less than 12 cents in these baggs that are depreciating daily. however I shall write you shortly, on this and other subjects, in the mean time if Mr Par- sons gets the cotton ready, and is about to move in make him deliver at the river in some warehouse, or deposit on the bank under cover. what will Rapier and Simpson give. enquire and write me. say to them I have requested the question to be asked... . .

1On Dec. 10 the firm offered Jackson the Nashville price for his cotton, a little more than eight cents a pound. A letter dated Dec. 25 informs us that they bought jackson’s Tennessee cotton at the price named by Jackson, and thought they would take the crop on his Alabama plantation.

To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.”

D’r Genl, I wrote you by Mr Barksdale, but a letter this moment re- ceived from Mr Parsons asking me what he will do with the cotton when bailed, induces me to write you again. I find from Mr Parsons account of the cotton, Mr Harris must have very much deceived me. Harris stated that there were thirty thousand in the house. This I did not believe, but I supposed there was twenty thousand and thirty in the field. Mr Par- sons says he has all ginned and bailed that has been picked, in all seven- teen bales, which cannot amount to more than seven thousand, which would be in the seed about twenty five thousand. I do not suppose, will get out more than six or eight bales. I have wrote Mr Parsons to apply to you for instructions what to do with it when bailed. I may sell, if I can get ten cents for it. I wish you however to ship it with little Andrew J. Hutch- ings if an opportunity offers, unless you should receive farther advice from me, before an opportunity of shipping offers, and instruct the house to whom you ship (I suppose Bedford) to sell the first markett that offers at ten cents advising him that it is Andrews J. Hutchings and to do the best for him. I believe I can get ten cents here for it, giving to the first of June next. advise me whether I ought to take it, by the next mail after the receipt of this. your friends are all well. Mrs J. Donelson, last Mon- day got an unfortunate fall, sprained her ancle which has confined her, she has suffered some pain with it, but I hope will soon recover from it. Mr Eastons little ones, are well, the infant growing finely. Mrs J and myself tender to you, Polly, and the family, the joys of the season, with our best wishes. your friend

JacKson’s FARMING IMPLEMENTS.

1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS.

To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN CoFFEE.'

Dear Genl, I have just received your letter of the Ist instant and re- gret to learn that your two youngest has the whooping cough, but as it appears here of a mild kind trust in god that they will speedily recover from it. permit me to recommend a free use of cotton seed tea, it is the most sovereign and safe remedy that can be applied. I never knew it to fail of a happy effect when applied. the seed must be put in a bag to pre- vent a mixture of the lint with the tea, a little bruised, and well boiled.

I regret much the delay of Parsons and the hands there. they are much wanted here to prepare for another crop, particularly as all there cabins will have to be made after they come in, as I find it as much as my hands does here to get firewood, feed the stock and bale the cotton. I would thank you to write a line to Mr Parsons, to leave the crop if it is not housed before this reaches you, as I wrote him to let Mr Winston have it on shares for picking out, which I suppose his overseer would not agree to take or he would have advised me of his being on the way. I want him here as I cannot attend to the hands in inclement weather. I cannot sell my cotton there to any merchant here on terms that I think would be do- ing justice to my little ward, have made an agreement with Major George Martin that he is to have the cotton, or the proceeds thereof, at orleans, he being accountable for the exchange at the time the cotton is sold, on such exchange as you and him may think is equitable in the month of March next. it is now in Nashville at 25 pr cent premium. should cotton rise in price exchange will decline, if cotton declines, exchange will still rise. My object is to contract with the Major on fair terms, so that he will loose nothing and justice will be done to my little ward Hutchings.

I feel a desire from a full exposure of his situation and that of his mother and brother, to let him have the use of the proceeds of this cotton to the first of June next, and still longer should it be in my power to let him have it longer. it will be the means to establish his credit in Philadelphia for punctuality, and make him progress with his mercantile views with safety and advantage. I leave it with you and him to determine to whom to ship it at Neworleans. I should prefer to have it sold from on board the boat as the drayage, warfage and storage is a very great deduction from the present prices. I leave this to you and him to erange as the more it neats the better for him as well as me and the sooner he can use the pro- ceed the better for him. The Major will secure the payment. you have not said whether your assembly has risen. if it has, Colo Winston is at home, and will I suppose be prepared to deliver the negroes, and in due time take up his notes. The negroes I have determined to deliver over to “Mr Nicholson for A. J. Hutchings, you will please to have them vallued by such men as will be satisfactory to those I have to account. I will risque the suit of old Bennett, and endeavor to be prepared to purchase in the land when sold that has been forfeited. I hope Colo Winston will be punc- tual as part of the money I will need to finally close my accounts here. I will be happy to hear from you as soon as you hear from Colo Winston,
