The fact of its having so successfully overcome competition is suflScient endorsement of its past methods of conducting business, and should be a guarantee for the

We undertake country work of every kind and size, including Marble and Granite Monuments and Headstones, Iron Railings, Vaidts, Marble, Limestone and Granite Curbing, Building Marble. &c.

A visit to our shops will convince the customer that he can obtain more for his money, in quality of material and beauty of workmanship than most cities oifer, and with a' large assortment of designs from which to select, his taste can be gratified in every particular.

We obtain low rates of freight which are guaranteed the customer.

Thankful for past patronage we solicit a continuance of the same, promising satisfaction in every respect.

enougli to accomplish anything of importance, and a further pursuit could only have resulted in disaster to my command from want of provisions and forage.

" I was glad to see Hunter take the route to Lewisburg, as I knew he could not stop short of the Kanawha River, and he was, therefore, disposed of for some time. Had he moved to South-Western

LYNCHBURG MARBLE AND GRANITE WORKS— J. I. VAN NESS, PROP'R.

(church street — FOOT OF COURT HOUSE HILL.)

Virginia he would have done us incalculable mischief, as there were no troops of any consequence in that quarter, but plenty of supplies at that time. I should, therefore, have been compelled to follow him.

Grant, in his report says: "General Hunter, owing to a want of ammunition to give battle, retired from before the place," (Lynchburg). This is a little remarkable, as it appears that this expedition had been long contemplated and was one of the prominent features of the campaign of 1864. Sheridan, with his cavalry, was to have united with Hunter at Lynchburg, and the two together were to have destroyed General Le's communications and depots of supplies, and then lave .joined Grant. Can it be believed that Hunter set out on so important an expedition with an insutlicient supply of amrnu-

' My command had marched sixty miles, in the three days pursuit, over very rough roads, and that part of it from the Army of Northern Virginia had had no rest since leaving Gaines' Mill. I determined, therefore, to rest on the 22nd, so as to enable the wagons and artillery to get up, and prepare the men for the long march before them. Imboden had come up, following on the road through Salem after the enemy, and the cavalry was sent through Fincastle, to watch the enemy and annoy him as he passed through the mountains towards Lewisburg, and also ascertain whether he would endeavor to get into the Valley towards Lexington or Staunton."

During the twenty years which have elapsed since the clo.se of the war and the unsettled state of affairs — national and municipal — which neces.sarily supervened, no startling events have occurred whereby the even cour.se of Lynchburg's development has been disturbed. Indeed her subsequent history may be written in a very few comprehensive words — Peace and Plenty, Prosperity and Progress. In all matters affecting her commercial interests she has been vigilant, enterprising and aggressive, until her wealth, in proportion to her population, is exceeded by that of only one other city in the United States. Valuable and permanent public improvements have been the mile-stones which have recorded the flight of the passing j'ears, while private enterprise has been actively and successfully employed in e.stablishing the beautiful ' Hill City " as one of the leading Business Centres of the South. Her great natural advantages have been enhanced and utilized in various ways, but there is still room for the profitable investment of much capital in any of the numerous manufacturing and mercantile pursuits for which this locality is so eminently adapted. That the community is fully alive to the value of its own possessions in this respect is evidenced by the fact that .several new and important industries have been inaugurated here, within the past few years, by resident capitalists, .and others, of greater magnitude, may be looked for almost immediately.

nition ? He had fought only the battle of Piedmont, with a pnrt of his force, and it was not a very severe one, as .Jones' force was a small one and composed mostly of cavalry. CrooU's column not being there was not engajjed. Had Sheridan defeated Hampton at Trevillian's, he would have reached Lynchburg after destroying the railroad on the way. and 1 could not have reached there in time to do any good. Hut IIaiiii)tnn defeatid shcri(hui, and the latter saw "infantry" "too strong to successfully assault. " Had Hunter moved on Lynchburg, with energy, that place would have fallen l)efore it was possible for me to get there. l:5ut he tarried on the way for purposes which will hereafter appear, and when he reached there, his heart failed liim and he was afraid to figlit an inferior force, and then there was discovered " a want of ammunition to give battle."

No other brand of smoking tobacco is so celebrated, or has so extended a sale as " Lone Jack." In the United States its use is coextensive with the country. Through wholesale agents located in the principal cities of fourteen different States, it is distributed to the trade and placed within the reach of consumers. It is exported to Europe, Asia, Africa and South America, and it is said that a package of " Lone Jack " can be bought in any town of importance in every part of the world. The founder and manufacturer of this superior

smoking tobacco, is John W. Carroll, one of Lynchburg's most respected and public spirited citizens. He started life on the lowest rung of the ladder, and it was only by dint of constant and unceasing plodding and perseverance, backed by skill and principle, that he reached the top, where he now stands at the head of an immense business. Mr. Carroll was born in Staunton, early in life he suffered the loss of both parents and was obliged to make his own way in the world.

At the age of 14 he came to Lynchburg and entered as an apprentice in the shop of a cabinet maker ; after a few years he abandoned this work and engaged in business with William Crumpton, a successful tobacconist of that day, whose daughter he afterwards married. For many years he labored faithfully and acquired a thorough knowledge of the tobacco business and laid the foundation for his subsequent remarkable success.

The name " Lone Jack " is a very peculiar one, and the way in which it came to be adopted reveals a strange and romantic incident which happened to Mr. Carroll, and which we here relate. About two years after Mr. Carroll had first established himself in the tobacco business (about the year 1850) when his fortunes were at a rather low ebb, and success in his chosen occupation seemed to him

extremely doubtful, it chanced that, on a certain evening he sat down with a friend to play a game of " seven up." Each staked a dollar on every game, and through a long series of games Carroll was a constant loser ; fortune seemed to have entirely deserted him. It was at a late hour, and with a feeling of extreme chagrin and disappointment, that he pulled out his last dollar and put it on the table. The critical moment arrived when his adversary stood six to his three and had the deal. Diamonds were trumps — and Carroll held one — a lone Jack : he looked at it almost with desperation. What chance had he to win the game ? If his opponent held a single trump he was beaten. He hesitated, he quivered, but finally he galtantly stood his hand. As fortune would have it, the venture was successful ; on that " Lone Jack " he scored high, low, Jack and the game, and won the stakes.

This lucky event mide such an impression on his mind that he determined there and then to christen his leading brand of tobacco by the name, " Lone Jack." From such an accidental circumstance as the " turn of a card," did this notable brand of tobacco originate, which has since become known and celebrated in every clime, and brought both fame and fortune to its owner. When the civil war broke out Mr. Carroll promptly offered his services to his State, and during the long struggle and until its close, faithfully performed his duty as a soldier.

Aftr peace was established he turned again to his business with redoubled energy, and it is since the war that his greatest triumphs have been gained. The quality and grade of smoking tobacco known

as " Lone Jack " have always been the highest. The name is a synonyme of purity and excellence. The brand has never deteriorated, and as long as Mr. Carroll lives, it never will. " Lone Jack " is a tobacco entirely free from any mixture, adulteration, or flavoring whatever — the pure granulated leaf of the best and .sweetest tobacco grown, free from stems, and uniform throughout in color, fineness, strength and flavor — affording to all true lovers of the weed a delicious, satisfying and enjoyable smoke. His buyers are stationed in all markets where the kind of leaf he requires is sold; when a really choice lot comes in, it is quickly snapped up and sent to the " Lone Jack " Factory. All the leaf used in the manufacture of " Lone Jack " is kept in stock two years before it is manufactured for consumption, a supply approximating a quarter of a million pounds being constantly on hand. It

is most carefully sorted, cured and manipulated, every process being subjected to the experienced and rigid inspection of the proprietor.

To maintain the high standard of excellence which his leading brand has always enjoyed, is Mr. Carroll's pride and joy. Although his financial success is almost unparalleled, he still sticks to his business with close application, and by reason of his unaffected manners and genial humor is exceedingly popular with everybody.

The old frame building first used by Mr. Carroll as a factory — " The Birthplace of Lone Jack" — as it is known, is still preserved by its owner as a memento of his less prosperous days, and in another part of this work a picture of it will be found. (See page 67.)

The present handsome and spacious factory is a large brick structure, located at 509 Grace Street, wherein all the operations of his extensive manufacturing business are carried on. The other kinds and qualities of smoking tobacco put up and sold by Mr. Carroll are "Brown Dick," "Game Cock" and "Grand Mogul." Although these brands are of a lower grade and sell at a much less price than " Lone Jack," still their reputation is well established, and their real merit is well understood.

An exceptional and super-excellent brand of smoking tobacco, known as " Fah-Kee," is put up by Mr. Carroll to supply a limited demand. As it sells for more than double the price of " Lone Jack," comparatively few people know anything about it. This quality was

first ordered several years ago by a gentleman who supplied the foreign residents on the China Coast, and the brand was exclusively sold in that trade, but of late years, owing to the death of the gentleman who originated the brand, the restriction governing its sale has been withdrawn, and it is now sold to some extent in all parts of the country — mostly to people of wealth and connoisseurs of the weed.

Mr. Carroll's brands are all protected by patent, and he feels justified in warranting that tobaccos of his manufacture will remain sound, pure and aromatic in all latitudes and climates.
