I shall write again as soon as I get back to the city of 0. Many kind inquiries after you by Sterrett R., Dr. G., &c. &c. Poor N. is destroyed body and mind by paralysis. Miss E., I am told, is as beautiful as ever. I came to R's. countryhouse, this day week, and escorted Madame hither on Thursday last. We return to-morrow. My best regards to all the family. Poor Sally! I had flattered myself that she would return to Virginia, and make one of our family! —

My dear Theodore,

Your letter of the 4th instant has relieved me from a state of most cruel and anxious suspense. How could you leave me for weeks (almost months) in such a situation? I have worried the Tennessee delegation with inquiries, and received only the most dismal accounts of the mortality in Nashville, and the surrounding country. Your letter is dated Santonhoe, if I read aright. Where is that place situated? Where is Fayetteville? for I presume you do not mean Cross Creek, (as it used to be called,) in North Carolina. I wish you could get my letter, in safety, to Rutledge. I refer you to Colonel M. for news of Beverley.

I am barely in time for the mail.

I have sent you some English papers. Read and take care of them. Poor S. is, I fear, dying. Jupiter is knocked up, nursing him. An important bill is now reading, (tariff,) which I must speak upon. Adieu, dear Theodore. My own health not good.

Poor Sancho's hind leg is broken. I have a most beautiful Spanish slut.

You may imagine how much I was gratified by the receipt of your letter of the 25th March; which did not reach me until yesterday, too late to reply lo it by return of mail. Last week I received one from Colonel M., of the same date, in which he mentioned that you had not got back; comparing the time with that set for your departure, I was, in spite of my system, a good deal uneasy about you. Indeed, the times are awful and depressing. Yesterday we buried poor S. I staid by his bed-side the night before he died, (Monday.) Jupiter was worn down by nursing him, and is still feeling the effects of it; he returned home on Sunday morning, and has been sick ever since. My own health is not much better, and my spirits worse. As soon as the weather and roads will permit, I shall bend my course homeward. The loss sustained upon my tobacco, will put an end to some of my projects. I send you, by Mr. D., some money.

Most affectionately, yours,

Remember me to your mother.

Dear Doctor ,

Your half sheet, of the 1 1th, did not reach me until to-day. If you remain in Richmond a week, you will stand a chance to see me. How is it that you say nothing of any body or any thing? — not even of Randolph. To my surprise, I received a letter from Beverley, dated the 10th, at Richmond! London would not have been more unexpected. You do not mention him; and, of course, I ought to conclude that you have not met.

Our house must be bare of many necessaries. Pray get such as are most wanting. Besides groceries, towels and sheets are requisite. Poor Jupiter is, at last, out of danger. He nursed Mr. S.

Mr. P., of Philadelphia, is well, and entertaining his exmajesty and marshals of France, Spain, &c. R. R., jr., is well, and doing well. Mr. F. K. has been ill with the prevalent epidemic. Adieu!

JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

We shall want some lime to plaster the house. I have got bolts for the windows, and shutters, and ordered chimneypieces.

My dear Theodore,

I left home on the Monday (July 29th) after your departure: four dismal days I passed by myself, and one night with Colonel M. On Friday evening we had a reviving shower, and a sprinkle on Saturday; whereupon it turned suddenly cold, and has continued so almost ever since. I called at Peter R's.; and, on Tuesday morning, July 30th, we had a large fire: also, the night before. On Tuesday I reached Dr. R's; and, on the 1st instant, this place. I have sold my tobacco for twenty dollars, payable the 1st of July next.

Dr. and Mrs. B. had set out for Philadelphia the day before my arrival. They will be at the Warm Springs about the last of this month. I have been seeking a private opportunity to send you a letter from your father, which I received on Sunday, July 28th. I shall give it, with this, into the care of Mr. T. T.

Mr. and Mrs. C, and Mr. and Mrs. W., and Messrs. M., J., and T., inquire particularly after you. I go up, to-day, with the two first, as far as H. H's., on my way homeward: M. will accompany me. I met St. George at R's., on the 1st instant. He looks very well. Richmond has been clear of dust, heat, and insects, for ten days past: it has even verdure.

You may imagine how anxious I am to hear from you. May God bless you, my son. Yours, ever,

JOHN RANDOLPH, of Roanoke.

Remember me to Juba.

Mr dear Theodore,

There has been no rain here, except a slight shower on the Friday (July 26th,) after your departure, since you left us. The consequences you may well imagine. The tobacco crop is shortened at least two-thirds, and a general apprehension of famine pervades the land. Six and seven and a half dollars have been given, in advance, for new corn, from the stack.

Mr. J. and Mr. B. spent a day with me; and the latter has promised to give me another, to-morrow, on his return from Halifax. The state of my health has been worse than usual, of late. I have had a severe bilious attack on the bowels, for the last three days.

Your letter of the 2d of August, post-marked the 9th, from the Sulphur Springs, reached me on Sunday, the 25th of the same month. I was truly comforted to learn that the waters, even upon so short a trial, had proved beneficial to you. God grant that you may find complete relief from them. You say nothing of Juba.

Col. M. inquires kindly after you; so have many others — Mr. W. M. W. His father I have not seen since we parted.

Hearing that Capt. B. sets out for the Sweet Springs tomorrow, I write this by candle-light, in our solitary cabin, with the back of the only pen in the house.

God bless and preserve you, my son.

Wednesday, " 21, frost! 69° highest this day.

Thursday, " 29, frost! 60° at 2 hours by sun.

I wrote you by T. T., and sent two letters — one from your father.

The enclosed letter, from Mr. C, will probably remind you of a conversation between us, the day before St. George embarked for Philadelphia. I have now been here eighteen days, and not a line have I received from Virginia, except T's. and M's. letters. I say from Virginia, because I have received two other letters; one from England, written by Mr. Wilberforce, on the subject of colonizing the free blacks.

We have had delightful weather during the last fortnight. It reminds me of affairs at home — particularly the carriage of the tobacco, for which it is especially favourable.

My health has been very indifferent since I came here; but I think I have derived some benefit from a nightly dose of magnesia, a small tea spoonful.

Let me hear how you are. I am here, except when in the house, almost as much alone as when at home.

Farewell, my dear Theodore.

I never received a letter from you, my dear Theodore, that gave me more pleasure than your last; it was the first, also, of the 23d. Your hymenial and sporting intelligence were highly acceptable; the first, as you conjecture, altogether a surprise upon me. Give to the bride and bridegroom my cordial congratulations on the event: I know not how to offer them to my worthy old neighbour — to whom present me, in the most friendly terms. Pray let me know whether he will, by this occurrence, be left entirely solitary. I am sure that if he had had the choosing of his son-in-law, he could not have been more highly gratified in that respect; and such is his affection for Lucy, that, I am sure, not a thought of himself enters into his mind. Indeed, he is fortunate in seeing her, before he leaves this world, committed to the protection of a deserving man — yet, I am persuaded that, if he live alone, he will not live long.

You forget, that when I mentioned Traquair's letter, I told you that the boxes were locked, and that the keys were hanging in the north closet. All the boxes, but one, contain books; the papers are in the other, in bundles, alphabeted. The letter contains a design for a fire place, and is wanted.

As for the hypo, let me prescribe broken doses of Pigou& Andrews' preparation, of carbonated nitre and sulphur, with q. s. of prepared lead. I hope you will not expose yourself in the practice of your profession.

God bless you, my son.

P. S. — I have been interrupted by company. You say nothing of Essex, &c, and little Molly. Are you aware that you are becoming careless in your orthography: "puzzle," with one z. Also, "bag-ed." I hope you will not find my corrections like Wm. Jenkins' reproof of Molly Jones.

No letter from you, my dear Theodore; at which I am a good deal disappointed, and somewhat concerned. I wrote yesterday, acknowledging yours of the 30th. Your exploits & la chasse, have been made known to all the courts of Europe, at least to their ministers, so far as the great and small powers are represented here — for the whole corps diplomatique were present yesterday when I read the extract of your letter to one of that body, at the hazard of being considered as one carrying on a treasonable correspondence with England.

What of clover seed? Of Spot and Roanoke? — one or both of which I shall want very soon. Of the dogs? And, though last, not least, of old Essex & Co., and little Molly.

I have bought a fine pipe of Madeira. Did Quashia bring up the quarter cask? Remember me most kindly to Colonel M.; also to C, S., and their families.

Our friend Dr. R., of Amelia, has been here dying with the gout.

No letter from you to day, my dear Theodore. The date of your last is December 30th. Pray try and contrive to send your letters to Petersburgh or Richmond, or any place on the main line, by private hand.

A Mr. Johnson, (not Jackson,) of Virginia, took occasion to be very scurrilous towards me, on the alleged account of an expression used by the last session, and repeated a few days ago on the compensation law, as it is called. Mr. B. seemed also disposed to hold offensive language on the same subject, rising, after a most laughable and good-humoured discourse of R., (C's. bull-calf,) and replying, as I had done, to what was said the day before. I was informed that the affair was concerted, and that I was to stand a fire along the whole line. I determined, therefore, to tread it out; and will endeavour to report for you my remarks, and send them by to-morrow's mail. Mean while, I must draw a check for C, whose receipt please to take, and tell him that the money has been lying idle; but I wanted to see whether he aud P. would not write about their own affairs, as they would not about mine — although earnestly requested thereto. Since Friday, it has been bitter cold, and I am afraid some of my poor people may suffer. No doubt there is ice in abundance.
