# Elliott Coues, ed., History of the Expedition under the Command of Lewis and Clark (New York: Francis P. Harper, 1893), vol. 1: footnote on p. xli (Joel P. Morrison letter, AEtna, Tenn., 9 July 1899 [sic: dated in the reprint], 'Griner' spelling) and 'Supplement to Jefferson's Memoir of Meriwether Lewis', pp. xliii-lxii (Wilson's letter from the Port Folio; Coues's critique; J. G. Jacob 1859 Gass biography extract; Killebrew 1874; James D. Park's Nashville American article of 1891 with Mrs Christina B. Anthony / Polly Spencer tradition and the arrest-and-trial-of-Grinder tradition; Acts of Tennessee 1843 and 1848; the Lewis Monumental Committee report of 1849-50; Park's 1889 visit).

CITATION: Elliott Coues, ed., History of the Expedition under the Command of Lewis and Clark (New York: Francis P. Harper, 1893), vol. 1: footnote on p. xli (Joel P. Morrison letter, AEtna, Tenn., 9 July 1899 [sic: dated in the reprint], 'Griner' spelling) and 'Supplement to Jefferson's Memoir of Meriwether Lewis', pp. xliii-lxii (Wilson's letter from the Port Folio; Coues's critique; J. G. Jacob 1859 Gass biography extract; Killebrew 1874; James D. Park's Nashville American article of 1891 with Mrs Christina B. Anthony / Polly Spencer tradition and the arrest-and-trial-of-Grinder tradition; Acts of Tennessee 1843 and 1848; the Lewis Monumental Committee report of 1849-50; Park's 1889 visit).
URL fetched: https://archive.org/download/cihm_08496/cihm_08496_djvu.txt (Internet Archive item cihm_08496, Canadiana microfiche scan)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
TRANSCRIPTION/NOTE: OCR of the 1893 printed book, uncorrected; page headers as in the scan. Lines 2600-3800 of the djvu text. The 1849-50 committee report portion is also transcribed separately in sources/1849_lewis_monument_committee_report.md.

---- TEXT ----

lis- 
uis 
re- 
He 
‘ed 
led 

of 
Icy 


yew 
ana 
dur- 
St. 
the 
ited 
308, 
was 
), to 
Sth, 
also 
ugh 
ring 

no 
ch, 


on rr 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS, xli 


thence by water. Mr. Neely, Agent of the United States 
with the Chickasaw Indians, arriving there two days after, 
found him extremely indisposed and betraying at times 
some symptoms of a derangement of mind. The rumors of 
a war with England, and apprehensions that he might lose 
the papers he was bringing on, among which were the 
vouchers of his public accounts and the journals and papers 
of his Western Expedition, induced him here to change his 
mind and to take his course by land through the Chickasaw 
country [Tennessee]. Although he appeared somewhat 
relieved, Mr. Neely kindly determined to accompany and 
watch over him. Unfortunately, at their encampment, after 
having passed the Tennessee [river] one day’s journey, they 
lost two horses, which obliged Mr. Neely to halt for their 
recovery. The Governor proceeded under a promise to wait 
for him at the house of the first white inhabitant on his 
road. He stopped at the house of a Mr. Grinder,”' who not 
being at home, his wife, alarmed at the symptoms of de- 
rangement she discovered, gave him up the house and 
retired to rest herself in an outhouse, the Governor's and 
Neely’s servants lodging in another. About three o'clock in 
the night [of Oct. 11th, 1809] he did the “eed which plunged 
his friends into affliction and deprived his country of one of 
her most valued citizens, whose valor and intelligence would 
have been now employed in avenging the wrongs of his 
country, and in emulating by land the splendid deeds which 


*1'In what is now Lewis Co., Tenn., two miles west of the county town of 
Newburgh, For circumstances of the journey and the question of suicide or 
murder, see the Supplement to this Memoir, beyond, I have a letter dated A‘tna, 
Tenn., July gth, 1899, addressed to Mr. James D, Park, of Warner, Tenn,, by 
one Joel P. Morrison, of whom I know nothing. From this letter it appears 
that the name was not Grinder, but Griner, and that his place was near a creck 
of the same name, But several names occur in this letter mistakenly, and the 
following statement can only pass for what it may be worth; ‘' Lewis stoped at 
the house of One Robert FE. Griner Near the head of what is known as Griners 
Creek in what is now lewis County Next Morning he was found Dead with 
Marks of violence on his person, and the report went out that he committed 
suicide but there has always been suspicion of foul play how this was will never 
be known,” 


xiii MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 


have honored her arms on the ocean. It lost, too, to the 
nation the benefit of receiving from his own hand the narra- 
tive (p. rxit7Z) now offered them of his sufferings and suc- 
cesses, in endeavoring to extend for them the boundaries of 
science and to present to their knowledge that vast and fer- 
tile country which their sons are destined to fill with arts, 
with science, witi freedom and happiness. 

To this melancholy close of the life of one whom posterity 
will declare not to have lived in vain, I have only to add 
that all the facts I have stated are either known to myself 
or communicated by his family or others, for whose truth I 
have no hesitation to make myself responsible ; and I con- 
clude with tendering you the assurances of my respect and 
consideration. 


TH. JEFFERSON. 
Mr. PAUL ALLEN, Philadelphia, 


the 
rra- 
uc- 

of 
'er- 
rts, 


ity 
dd 
elf 
1 I 
yn- 
nd 


SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON'S MEMOIR 
OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. 


BY DR. COUES, 


EX-PRESIDENT JEFFERSON'S Memoir of Lewis is a noble 
and fitting tribute, leaving little to be desired as a contem- 
porancous biography. It has been accepted as authoritative 
and final, and has furnished the basis of every memoir of 
Lewis I have seen. As will be observed, however, I have 
found much historical matter to incorporate with it in the 
form of notes. What else I have to say concerns not Lewis’ 
life, but the circumstances of his death; and certain subse- 
quent events, which may be brought together in the form 
of a supplement to Jefferson's Memoir. The affirmation of 
suicide, though made without qualification, has not passed 
unchallenged into history; and the mystery of the tragic 
event will probably never be cleared up. Undoubtedly 
Jefferson wrote in the light of all the evidence that had 
reached him in 1813; but it appears that his view of the case 
was far from being that of persons who lived in the vicinity 
of the scene at the time. That Governor Lewis did not die 
by his own hand, but was murdered and robbed, was com- 
mon report at the time, as vouched for by some persons still 
living ; and the question came up in the Legislature of Ten- 
nessee at its session of 1849-50, in connection with the 
erection of the monument for which the Legislature had 
provided in 1848. 

By far the most circumstantial account we have of the 
tragedy is that given by Alexander Wilson, the famous orni- 
thologist, in a letter which was written to his friend and the 
engraver of his birds, Alexander Lawson, and which was pub- 
lished originally in The Portfolio, Vol. VII, No. 1, pp. 34- 


xiii 


xliv SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


47, of date January, 1812, under the caption “ Particulars of 
the Death of Capt. Lewis.” This was known and accessible 
to ex-President Jefferson; in fact, a letter from Paul Allen 
to him, which I have seen, calls his attention to it. But it is 
not noted in his Memoir of Lewis, and in the course of time 
has been practically forgotten, though it is included in the 
Rev. Alexander B. Grosart’s The Poems and Literary Prose 
of Alexander Wilson (2 vols., 8vo, Paisley, 1876). This im- 
portant letter is dated “ Natchez, Missisippi Ter., May 28th, 
1811.” It tells the story of Lewis’ death as Wilson took it 
down from the lips of Mrs. Grinder, in her own house. I 
quote from The Portfolio those portions, pp. 36-38, which 
are pertinent to my purpose: 
“. . . Next morning (Sunday)I rode six miles to a man’s 
of the name of Grinder, where our poor friend Lewis per- | 
ished. In the same room where he expired, I took down 
from Mrs. Grinder the particulars of that melancholy event, 
which affected me extremely. This house or cabin is 72 
miles from Nashville, and is the last white man’s as you enter 
the Indian country. Governor Lewis, she said, came there 
about sun-set, alone, and inquired if he could stay for the 
night; and, alighting, brought his saddle into the house. 
q He was dressed in a loose gown, white, striped with blue. 
On being asked if he came alone, he replied that there were 
two servants behind, who would soon be up. He called for 
some spirits, and drank a very little. When the servants 
arrived, one of whom was a negro, he inquired for his pow- 
der, saying he was sure he had some powder ina canister. 
The servant gave no distinct reply, and Lewis, in the mean 
while, walked backwards and forwards before the door, 
talking to himself. Sometimes, she said, he would seem as 
if he were walking up to her; and would suddenly wheel 
round, and walk back as fast as he could. Supper being 
ready he sat down, but had eaten only a few mouthfuls 
when he started up, speaking to himself in a violent manner. 
At these times, she says, she observed his face to flush as if 
it had come on him ina fit. He lighted his pipe, and draw- 


aes 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. xlv 


ing a chair to the door sat down, saying to Mrs. Grinder, in 
a kind tone of voice, ‘ Madam this is a very pleasant even- 
ing.’ He smoked for some time, but quitted his seat and 
traversed the yard as before. He again sat down to his 
pipe, seemed again composed, and casting his eyes wishfully 
towards the west, observed what a sweet evening it was. 
Mrs. Grinder was preparing a bed for him; but he said he 
would sleep on the floor, and desired the servant to bring the 
bear skins and buffaloe robe, which were immediately spread 
out for him; and it being now dusk the woman went off to 
the kitchen, and the two men to the barn, which stands about 
200 yards off. The kitchen is only a few paces from the 
room where Lewis was, and the woman being considerably 
alarmed by the behaviour of her guest could not sleep, but 
listened to him walking backwards and forwards, she thinks, 
for several hours, and talking aloud, as she said, ‘like a law- 
yer. She then heard the report of a pistol, and something 
fall heavily on the floor, and the words ‘O Lord!’ Imme- 
diately afterwards she heard another pistol, and in a few 
minutes she heard him at her door calling out ‘O madam! 
give me some water, and heal my wounds.’ The logs being 
open, and unplastered, she saw him stagger back and fall 
against a stump that stands between the kitchen and room. 
He crawled for some distance, raised himself by the side 
of a tree, where he sat about a minute. He once more got 
to the room; afterwards he came to the kitchen door, but 
did not speak; she then heard him scraping the bucket with 
a gourd for water; but it appears that this cooling element 
was denied the dying man! As soon as day broke and not 
before, the terror of tue woman having permitted him to 
remain for two hours in this most deplorable situation, she 
sent two of her children to the barn, her husband not being 
at home, to bring the servants; and on going in they found 
him lying on the bed; he uncovered his side and shewed 
them where the bullet had entered; a piece of the forehead 
was blown off, and had exposed the brains, without having 
bled much. He begged they would take his rifle and blow 


f 


xlvi SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


out his ‘rains, and he would give them all the money 
he had in his trunk. He often said ‘I am no coward; but ; 
I am so strong, so hard to die.’ He begg’d the servant not 
to be afraid of him, for that he would not hurt him. He 
expired in about two hours, or just as the sun rose above the 
trees. He lies buried close by the common path, with a few 
loose rails thrown over his grave. I gave Grinder money to 
put a post fence round it, to shelter it from the hogs, and 
from the wolves; and he gave me his written promise he 
would do it. I left this place in a very melancholy mood, 
which was not much allayed by the prospect of the gloomy 
and savage wilderness which I was just entering alone. . . .”* 
Such is the horrible story told to Wilson by an eye- and 
ear-witness. We must accept the substantial accuracy of 
Wilson’s version, written almost immediately after he heard 
the narrative of Mrs. Grinder, and by one noted for habitual 
precision of statement. There is no more room to doubt 
Wilson’s painstaking correctness than there is reason for 
doubting his veracity. But the narrative of Mrs. Grinder 
is very extraordinary. A woman who could do as she said 
she did, after hearing and seeing what she testifies, must be 
judged “fit for treason, stratagem, and spoils,” and not to be 
believed under oath. The story is wildly improbable upon 
its face; it does not hang together; there is every sign that 
it is a concoction on the part of an accomplice in crime, 

either before or after the event. On the theory that Mrs. 

Grinder was privy to a plot to murder Governor Lewis, and 

therefore had her own part to play in the tragedy, even if 

that part were a passive one—or on the theory that, becoming 

afterward cognizant of the murder, she told a story to shield 


'The ‘melancholy poet-naturalist,"” as Wilson has often been styled, was 
moved to compose an elegy on Lewis, which was published with the letter of which 
the above is an extract. The first and also the last of the nineteen verses is : 


** Far hence be each accusing thought ! 
With his my kindred tears shall flow ; 
Pale Pity consecrates the spot, 
Where poor lost LEWIs now lies low !” 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. xlvii 


the actual criminal or criminals—on either of these theories 
we could understand Mrs. Grinder; otherwise her story is 
simply incredible. Yet it is upon such evidence as this that 
the imputation of suicide rests. 

Governor Lewis’ alleged actions, before he retired to his 
room “ about dusk,” seem nothing extraordinary. He cer- 
tainly appears to have been fretted or worried about some- 
thing; but there was nothing in his conduct which should 
have so alarmed Grinder’s wife that she could not sleep, but 
lay listening ‘‘ she thinks for several hours.” The sort of a 
woman likely to be the wife of a keeper of a “stand” on the 
Natchez Trace in 1809 is not likely to have had such weak 
nerves as that. And where was Grinder himself on this fate- 
fulnight ? Then she hears two pistol-shots, a heavy fall, and 
an appeal for help. This, however, only moves her to peep 
through the cracks in the logs of the detached kitchen. 
There she sees her guest staggering, falling, and crawling 
about in the yard in search of water. Still she does not stir, 
and it is not till daybreak, about “ two hours” after the shots 
were fired, that the terror of the woman permits her to give 
the alarm. This she does by sending “two children ” to the 
barn to bring the servants, who meanwhile had heard nothing ; 
and the whole party now, for the first time, musters courage 
enough to enter Governor Lewis’ room. Two hours more 
pass, during which they are begged and offered money to 
put him out of his misery; but nothing is done, and the 
governor expires as the sun tops the trees. 

Governor Lewis may have committed the deed which 
history has laid to his charge, in a fit of suicidal mania; and 
the woman’s incoherent story may not have been inter.ded to 
deceive, but may have arisen from confused memories of an 
exciting night. That is conceivable; but my contention is 
that the testimony, as we have it, does not suffice to prove 
suicide, and does raise a strong suspicion that Governor Lewis 
was foully dealt with by some person or persons unknown— 
presumably Grinder, or him and some accomplices. Until 
other evidence is forthcoming the victim of untimely fate 


“ 


~ nile ie api porn -car aetens singe ecm ee 


a a re ae nn rn em er eet tome a 


xI viii SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


should be given the full benefit of the doubt, that no stigma 
may rest on his illustrious name. History may never be 
able to disprove the alleged suicide; neither has history thus 
far proven the allegation. This death remains a mystery ; 
but mystery should not be paraded as history. 

Very recently the question has been reopened, with 
a view of setting aside the verdict of posterity, by Mr. 
James D. Park, a lawyer of Franklin, Tenn., who inclines 
strongly to the theory of murder and robbery, not suicide. 
Mr. Park’s article, over the pseudonym “ John Quill,” was 
published in the Nashville (Tenn.) American of Sunday, 
September 6th, 1891. It occupies 4144 columns of the news- 
paper, and has two illustrations—one a portrait of Lewis, 
from the miniature profile in the possession of the State His- 
torical Society of Tennessee at Nashville;* the other a pic- 
ture of the monument, from a sketch made by Mr. Park on 
the spot. Whatever view be taken of the tragedy, Mr. Park’s 
article is a valuable historical document, bringing news to 
most persons. Some of it is biographical, citing the brief 
notice in Howe’s Historical Collections of Virginia,‘ and the 
more extended sketch of Lewis’ life in the Analectic Maga- 
zine and Naval Chronicle, VII. April, 1816, pp. 329-333 (with 
frontisp. portrait)—both of which were in turn based on 
Jefferson’s Memoir; another portion is historical, giving the 

“On Nov, 16th, 1892, I delivered in Washington, before the American Orni- 
thologists’ Union, an off-hand address nominally relating to the birds of Lewis 
and Clark, but mainly occupied with the question of Lewis’ death. A reporter who 
was present took me down, with the result of a somewhat sensational, but in the 
main correct, article of two columns’ length in the St. Louis Globe-Democrat of 
Noy. 1gth, 1892. This has two portraits, of Lewis and of Clark respectively. 
I allude to this article partly from my bibliographical instincts, but mainly to 
say that the portrait of Lewis is there given as that of Clark, and vice versa ; 
also, that the former is from a photograph of this same Nashville miniature. 

3 Historical Collections of Virginia : Containing a Collection of the most 
interesting Facts, Traditions, Biographical Sketches, Anecdotes, etc., relating 
to its History, Antiquities, etc., to which is added a historical and descriptive 
sketch of the District of Columbia. By Henry Howe. Published by William 
R. Babcock, Charleston, S. C., 1856, 1 vol. 8vo. (Biographical notice of Captain 


Lewis, p. 171. Biographical notice of Captain Clark, p. 234. Both inaccurate 
in some particulars. ) 


oe a 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. xlix 


action of the Tennessee Legislature, and the first report of 
the committee appointed to erect the monument, includ- 
ing a copy of the several inscriptions. The most original 
matter is the result of Mr. Park’s researches on the spot, 
which inclined him to the view of murder and not suicide. 
The picture of the monument is the first ever printed; 
though roughly executed, as usual with newspaper cuts, it 
gives an excellent idea of the object. I was put in private 
correspondence with Mr. Park, through the good offices 
of Governor Buchanan of Tennessee, and will adduce the 
substance of his new evidence, nearly in his own words. 

As adequate to support the theory of suicide has been 
held Mr. Jefferson’s statement of hereditary hypochondria, 
developed to desperation under worry over some trouble 
about public money accounts. Mr. Jefferson touches very 
lightly upon the latter feature of the case, but others have 
spoken more pointedly. Thus in Howe’s Historical Collec- 
tions, p. 171, we read: ‘‘ He was subject to constitutional 
hypochondria, and while under the influence of a severe 
attack, shot himself on the borders of Tennessee in 1809, at 
the age of 35. This event was ascribed to the protest of 
some bills which he drew on the public account.” Again, 
we find in Jacob's Life and Times of Patrick Gass, pp. 110, 
111, remarks upon the same score, with some particulars to 
which ex-President Jefferson does no more than allude. 
Says Jacob: 

“ Lewis was appointed very shortly after his return in 
1806, Governor of Louisiana Territory, as some acknowl- 
ment of his merit, and compensation for his services. In 
this capacity he acted for some time, but unfortunately a 
misunderstanding arose between him and the government 
in regard to the settlement of his public accounts. He was 
the very soul of honor and of unimpeachable integrity, and 
the implied imputation dwelt too heavily upon his proud 
and sensitive spirit. He started to Washington City for an 
explanation, but never reached his destination. In com- 
pany with another man [Mr. Neely] he traveled the old 


Pe eo 


BAS rer A ree 


ST TTI Pore Fh saint Sane ~ tee 


ON ncn nn a ET ER AEN -- =, ot we eeeaan acd 


| SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


route followed by the boatmen at that day, through the 
Indian country, and having reached a small cabin occupied 
by a man named Grinders [Grinder] as a kind of tavern 
for travellers, just within the Chickasaw nation, near the 
Tennessee line, and between 25 and 30 [read 60 or 70] miles 
of Nashville, his man left him to go in search of a horse that 
had strayed. During his absence after the horse, Lewis 
shot himself twice with a pistol, and this failing to effect 
his purpose, he killed himself by cutting his throat with a 
knife [!]. No one saw him commit the act, but some of the 
[Grinder] family afterwards reported that they had observed 
indications that his mind was affected, on the morning of 
{evening before] his death. His body was buried at the 
corner of the cabin, and fora long time after, the spot was 
remembered by the adventurous traders who passed that 
way [along the Natchez Trace], between New Orleans and 
the upper country. Thus was ushered into eternity a brave 
and chivalrous spirit, goaded to desperation by the chafing 
of wounded honor. . . It is enough for the historian to say 
that he died with the cloud on his memory ; and while he 
records his fate witha careful pen, he would ask of the 
world its most charitable judgment. The charges against 
him were hushed, communities and States vied to do him 
honor, and [in 1848] the Legislature of Tennessee, his 
adopted State, to manifest an appreciation of what was high 
and noble in his character and services, ordered a monument 
to be erected to his memory at the State’s expense.” 

Mr. Jacob’s paragraph in Gass fairly reflects accredited 
history, excepting what he says of recourse to the knife. 

A similar view of the case is presented in J. B. Killebrew’s 
Resources of Tennessee (Nashville, 1874), p. 791, where 
Lewis county is described: ‘In the very centre of the pres- 
ent county, on the line of the old Natchez Trace, while on 
a journey from the Territory of Louisiana, of which he 
was Governor, Merriwether [sc] Lewis committed suicide, ' 
being at the time a little over 35 years of age. On this very 
spot he was buried, and the Legislature of Tennessee in 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. li 


1848 had a suitable monument erected to his memory. . . 
In the midst of dense woods, several miles from any human 
habitation, on the crest of a bold broad ridge, with deep 
gorges running toward the northeast and west, and near the 
commencement of the flat lands, this monument stands, 
seldom visited, and almost forgotten by the present genera- 
tion. Its entire height is about 25 [read 20%] feet, and it 
is surrounded by aniron fence in a state of great dilapida- 
tion, many of the rods having been taken away.” 

The Analectic Magazine and Naval Chronicle,‘ Vol. VIL., 
No. 40, April, 1816, gives a full-length portrait of Captain 
Lewis in Indian dress, as a frontispiece; and the same num- 
ber of this magazine contains, pp. 329-333, a ‘“ Notice of 
Captain M. Lewis.” This is simply abridged from the Jef- 
ferson Memoir, and is mostly in the words of the latter. 
Concerning the portrait the editor says: 

“The portrait of captain Lewis, given in the present num- 
ber, is taken from a drawing of that officer belonging to his 
fellow traveler, governor Clark, who considers it an excel- 
lent likeness, and prizes it highly. The gentleman[{name not 
given] who lent it to us remained here but a short time, and 
was obliged to take it with him; to which circumstance it is 
owing that our engraving from it is not executed in so good 
a style as we could have wished. But that engraving is a 
faithful copy of the original, which is believed to be the only 
likeness of Captain Lewis now extant. The ornaments 


4 Published monthly by Moses Thomas, 8vo, Philada.; printed by J. Max- 
well—the same who printed the History of the Expedition for Bradford & 
Inskeep. In saying that the portrait he published was from the only likeness of 
Lewis extant in 1816, the editor is mistaken, unless the others we possess were 
executed after the death of their subject. The portrait in Indian dress is at 
present in St. Louis, and may be learned of through Mr. J. K. Clark, 3rar 
Locust St. The one from which the engraving contained in the present work 
was prepared is the oil painting by Charles Wilson Peale, which has for many 
years hung in Independence Hall in Philadelphia, with its companion-piece, 
Captain Clark, also reproduced by my publisher, Besides this, there is left the 
protile miniature in the possession of the Tennessee Historical Society in Nash- 
ville. Of the latter, which is very beautiful, photographs are abundant, and I 
suppose may be procured at the usual price for pictures of cabinet size, 


} 
ft 
23 


ee 


lii SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON'S 


worn by him when in the costume of an Indian warrior, (as 
represented in the picture) are preserved in the Philadelphia 
[Peale’s] Museum.” 

We may now recur to Mr. Park’s article above described. 
Jefferson’s account (says Mr. Park in substance) was written 
in the light of such information as had reached him in 1813, 
at his home in Virginia. It would be interesting to know 
the exact sources of his information were this possible now, 
to judge for ourselves whether they were entirely free from 
suspicion. Probably such accounts did not convey the idea 
of murder and robbery. It then required several weeks { 
for the news to travel from the scene to Washington ; and 
whether the details of the death of Governor Lewis ever 
reached the national capital in official form cannot now be 
learned. 

During the first years of this century a great military road 
was cut through the then wilderness of Tennessee and Mis- : 
sissippi, known as the ‘“ Natchez Trace.” It was made by 
Lieutenant Edmund Pendleton Gaines, U. S. A., who rose 
to be a major general during the war of 1812-15. It led 
southwest from Nashville, Tenn., to Natchez on the Missis- 
sippi river, and was the only public road in that region, cut to 
facilitate the movement of troops and the transportation of 
supplies to and from the newly acquired “ Spanish country.” 
This old road has since been abandoned in many places, but 
in other parts of its length it is still (1891) used. Even 
where given up, and passing through open woods or inclosed 
in fields, its course can still be traced through Tennessee and 
Mississippi by its well-worn bed, lower than the adjoining 
land. Governor Lewis struck across country directly east- 
ward from the Chickasaw Bluffs (the present site of Mem- 
phis, Tenn.), and probably made the Natchez Trace at or 
about where this Trace crosses the Tennessee river, in what 
is now Lauderdale Co., in northern Alabama, about 20 
miles below the town of Florence, and traveled it for about 
a day’s march west of Newburgh, Lewis Co., Tenn., the scene f 
of the tragedy. At this point in the journey, observes Mr. 


a 


Sone og ramones peepee ete re 


pip raas seo TS he 


OS ae 


SORE RS ETN I a A 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. liii 


Park, “the conduct of Mr. Neely, the Indian agent, as men- 
tioned in Mr. Jefferson’s account, seems to have been very 
strange. He had at the Chickasaw Bluffs volunteered to 
accompany Governor Lewis from there through the Indian 
country to the seat of government, in order to look after and 
watch over his distinguished guest, whom he had found 
quite indisposed, and, as alleged, showing signs of a disordered 
mind. They had servants and horses in their train; yet the 
recapture of two horses that had strayed from the camp was 
deemed by Mr. Neely of more importance than the welfare 
and safety of his friend, whom he permitted to go forward 
with the servants while he remained a whole day behind to 
look up the horses. The accounts do not show that he 
ever found them, or ever caught up with Governor Lewis.” 
Thus it appears that from the point above noted Governor 
Lewis kept on, unattended by Mr. Neely, along the Natchez 
Trace. Onthis road, at intervals of about a day’s journey, 
say some 30 miles, there were primitive places of enter- 
tainment for man and beast, called “ stands.” Governor 
Lewis reached one of these, kept by a Mr. Grinder. The 
site of “ Grinder’s stand” is still seen, on a spot about sixty 
miles in an air-line southwest of Nashville, marked by the 
ruins of a stone chimney, a mound of earth, and the remains 
of a garden or small clearing in the forest. It is on the 
crest of a ridge, along which runs the Natchez Trace, not 
now used at this point. Even at this day the nearest habita- 
tion is a mile and a half or two miles distant. North of the 
site of the old house, and about 150 yards from it, on the 
east side of the road, is the great explorer’s grave, and the 
monument erected by the State of Tennessee to his memory. 
I give the results of Mr. Park’s inquiries on the spot, Nov. 
21st, 1889, in his own words: “It has always been the 
firm belief of the people of this region that Governor Lewis 
was murdered and robbed. The oldest citizens now living 
remember the rumor current at the time as to the murder, 
and it seems that no thought of suicide ever obtained foot- 
ing here. The writer recently had an interview with Mrs. 


liv SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON'S 


Christina B. Anthony, who lives some two miles from 
the Lewis grave, and has lived all her life of 77 years 
in the neighborhood. She says that ‘old man Grinder’ 
kept a ‘stand’ for travelers on the Natchez Trace. Polly 
Spencer, whom she knew well before her death about 40 
years ago, was a hired girl at Grinder’s when Governor 
Lewis was killed. Polly had often told the circumstances 
of the murder so far as she personally knew them. She 
was washing dishes in the kitchen after supper with some 
of the females in the family, when they heard a shot in the 
room where Captain Lewis was sleeping. All rushed into 
the room and found him dead in his bed. Captain Lewis, 
being fatigued from his journey, had retired immediately 
after supper. His only companion, she said, was a negro 
boy, who was attending the horses in the barn at the time. 
Old Grinder, who was of Indian blood, was at once sus- 
pected of the murder, ran away, was captured on Cane 
creek, brought back, and tried; but the proof not being 
positive, he was released. Only 25 cents was found on the 
person of Captain Lewis after he was shot. Old Grinder 
soon afterward removed to the western part of the State, 
and it was reported in his old neighborhood had bought 
a number of slaves and a farm, and seemed to have 
plenty of money. Before this he had always been quite 
poor. 
“Mrs. Anthony says the people always believed old 
Grinder killed Mr. Lewis and got his money. She had 
never heard of the theory of suicide until the writer men- 
tioned it to her. Mrs. Anthony was a young married 
woman, boarding with the father of Polly Spencer, when 
Polly told her of these circumstances. Mrs, Anthony thus 
heard an ear-witness, so to speak, relate the story of the 
murder, which is pretty direct evidence. She is a bright, 
active, intelligent old lady, and has for many years kept the 
little hotel at the hamlet of Newburgh, the county seat of 
Lewis County, which is just two miles east of the monu- 
ment. She refers to her brother, Jason Boshears, 80 years 


Dic I AO aR 


ve ee ee. Va 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS, lv 


of age, living near Mount Pleasant, 20 miles distant, and 
Mrs. Sallie Barham Sims, 82 years of age, living at A&tna 
Furnace, Hickman County, who were born and formerly 
lived near by, and who, she thinks, could give more in detail 
the circumstances of the murder, as developed on the trial 
of old Grinder. It was, however, inconvenient for the 
writer to look up these two old persons. 

“ Others living in Lewis and adjoining counties have been 
conversed with, who remember the general belief at the time 
that Grinder killed his guest for the purpose of robbery. 
He must have observed that Captain Lewis was a person of 
distinction and wealth; that he was almost alone and prob- 
ably had money with him. It seems incredible that a 
young man of 35, the governor of the vast territory of 
Louisiana, then on his way from his capital to that of his 
nation, where he knew he would be received with all the 
distinction and consideration due to his office and reputa- 
tion, should take his own life. His whole character is a 
denial of this theory. He was too brave and conscientious 
in the discharge of every duty, public and private ; too con- 
spicuous a person in the eyes of the country, and crowned 
with too many laurels, to cowardly sneak out of the world by 
the back way, a self-murderer. This idea was doubtless in- 
vented to cover up the double crime of robbery and murder, 
and seems to have been the only version of his death that 
reached Mr. Jefferson and his other friends in Virginia.” 

This is literally a lawyer's brief, summing such evidence 
as could be procured to defend Governor Lewis from the 
charge of suicide. It is probably as strong a presentation 
of the case as is now possible. It also falls in well with the 
Wilson evidence already adduced—which is the more re- 
markable, in that Wilson took Mrs. Grinder’s wild story to 
be a statement of fact, and evidently believed that poor 
Lewis had killed himself. That the new Park testimony is 
conclusive, however, Mr. Park himself would probably not 
urge. That the theory of murder was a matter of common 
report, acted upon at the time to the extent of the arrest 


—— 


Ivi SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


and trial of Grinder, and that it has ever since been believed t 
by the community, is established by direct testimony. But 
the evidence, mainly circumstantial, did not suffice to convict 
Grinder or anyone else of murder. The fragmentary evi- | 
dence which has come down to us, moreover, does not hang 
together well. It is even opens up the doubt that we have 
the true date of death within 24 hours. Jefferson’s account 
makes the hour “about three o'clock in the night,” when 
Polly Spencer is not likely to have been washing dishes in 
the kitchen with others of the household. This means 3 
a.m., of the historical date, October 11th, 1809; but from 
what Mr. Park has adduced, it would appear that, irrespec- 
tive of mode of death, Governor Lewis lost his life shortly 
after the usual hour of an evening meal, on October roth. 
Had Polly and all the rest “rushed into the room” on hearing 
the shot, and “ found him dead in his bed,” it seems likely 
that more positive and detailed accounts of the scene would 
have at once come into existence and been perpetuated. But 
nothing appears of the whereabouts of the supposititious 
murderer at this moment ; and an intending murderer would 
hardly have chosen so early an hour, when all the family 
were up and about, and he knew he had the whole night in 
which to execute his design at leisure. It is not unreason- 
able to translate Mrs. Anthony’s report to Mr. Park—made 
about 80 years after the event, it must be remembered—in 
somewhat these words: Polly Spencer (had been) washing 
dishes (the evening before; and some hours afterward, when 
the family had been abed and asleep) they heard the shot, 
and rushed into the room, etc. This might easily have been 
past midnight of October roth, or about the hour alleged of 
October 11th. But even were the date fixed to the hour, 
the question of murder or suicide would not, thereby, be left 
other than it was before. 
Mr. Park seems to me to present a strong case,—perhaps 
the strongest that will ever be drawn up,—and deserves much 
credit for thus undertaking to clear so great a name from so 
grave an imputation. Prior to making his investigations he 
| 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. lvii 


had never heard of the Wilson testimony above given, and 
had read only Mr. Jefferson’s account of the death. In fact 
he had nothing but the common belief of the people to 
go upon. He cites Governor Lewis’ established reputation 
and well-known circumstances; he brings forward an actual 
arrest and trial for murder; and he establishes the facts 
that murder was at the time a matter of common allegation 
and belief, and has been from that day to this the tradition 
of the community. These are strong points. But the actual 
testimony adduced at this time is from the memory of one 
person as to events of about eighty years ago; it is at sec- 
ond-hand, indirect, and circumstantial only; thus being 
fatally defective. It is also offset by the unqualified state- 
ments of Mr. Jefferson, a wary and astute man of the world, 
accustomed to weigh his words well; one who must have 
been satisfied in his own mind that he had the facts of a case 
beyond his personal knowledge; and one who had every 
imaginable reason—personal, official, or other—to put the 
matter in the most favorable light. The mystery remains, 
and it is not probable that the truth will ever be known. 

It isa relief to turn from this sad scene, and see what has 
been done to honor Governor Lewis by the country he loved 
and served so well. The erection of his monument is an 
incident in the history of a State. 

On the 21st of December, 1843,° the legislature of Ten- 
nessee passed an act creating the County of Lewis, ‘In 
honor of Capt. Merrewether Lewis, who has rendered dis- 


5 Acts passed at the First Session of the Twenty-fifth General Assembly of the 
State of Tennessee, 1843-44, pub. 1844, 1 vol., 8vo, pp. 41-44: ‘An Act to 
establish the County of Lewis. Sect. 1, Be it enacted by the General Assembly 
of the State of Tennessee, That a new county be, and the same is hereby estab- 
lished, to be composed of fractions taken from the counties of Maury, Lawrence, 
Wayne and Hickman, and to be known and designated by the name of Lewis 
County, in honor of Captain Merrewether [sce] Lewis, who has rendered distin- 
guished services to his country, and whose remains lie buried and neglected 
within its limits,” etc., to Sect, 15 inclusive—being the usual provisions for form- 
ing and maintaining a county. Passed Dec. 21st, 1843. D. L, Barringer, Speaker 
of the House of Representatives ; J. M. Anderson, Speaker of the Senate. 


{ 
i 


Iviii SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


tinguished services to his country, and whose remains lie 
buried and neglected within its limits.” The grave is in the 
exact center of this county, which was surveyed from this 
point and carved out of the then surrounding counties of 
Maury, Hickman, Wayne, and Lawrence. 

On the 4th of February, 1848,’ the same legislature appro- 
priated $500 for the erection of a suitable monument, and 
appointed four distinguished citizens of Tennessee as a com- 
mittee to carry out this design and report to the next legis- 
lature. The gentlemen accepted the commission as a labor 
of loveand duty. The “ Report of the Lewis Monumental 
Committee,” made to the legislature of 1849-50, as appears 
from the Appendix to the Journal of the House of Repre- 
sentatives, pp. 238-240, is as follows :’ 

“To the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee: 

‘‘ By the ninth section of an act passed at the last session 
of the General Assembly of this State, entitled an act to 


® Acts of the State of Tennessee passed at the First Session of the Twenty- 
seventh General Assembly for the years 1847-48, pub. 1848, 1 vol., 8vo, p. 217, 
Chap. cxxxv, An Act to amend an act, passed the 2Ist of Dec. 1843, entitled 
an ‘‘ act to establish the County of Lewis.” Sect. g is: ‘' Be it further enacted, 
That the sum of five hundred dollars be, and the same is hereby appropriated 
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, or so much 
thereof as may be necessary to preserve the place of interment, where the remains 
of the Gen. Meriwether Lewis were deposited, and that Robert A. Smith, of 
the county of Lewis, Hon. Edmund Dillahunty and Barclay Martin, of Maury 
county, and Dr. Samuel B. Moore, of Hickman county, be, and are hereby made 
the agents of the General Assembly to carry into execution the provisions of 
this act, and report to the next General Assembly.” Passed Feb. gth, 1848. 
F, Buchanan, Speaker of the House of Representatives ; J. M. Anderson, Speaker 
of the Senate, 

*T have cited the foregoing Acts of the Tennessee Legislature from the origi- 
nals ; but the Journal of the House of Representatives I have not been able to lay 
hands on, The set of volumes in the Congressional Library happens to lack 
1849-50, and this volume is not to be found in the library of the Supreme Court 
or in that of the State Department, My citation of the report of the committee 
is therefore at second hand, from Mr. Park's printed article ; but this gentleman 
informs me that he has taken great pains to correct what is cited above, by 
comparing a press-proof which I sent him with a copy of the original official 
report in the State Library at Nashville—‘‘ carefully verified, June roth, 1893,” 
he says, 


a ee eee 


ue pemrawerpoeeen: 


SRT eerste meer 


: 


MEMOIR MERIWETHER LEWIS, lix 


[amend an act to] establish the County of Lewis, the sum of 
$500 was appropriated, or so much thereof as might be neces- 
sary, to preserve the place of interment where the remains 
of General MERRIWETHER LEWIS were deposited; and the 
undersigned were appointed the agents of the General 
Assembly to carry into execution the provisions of the act, 
and report to the present General Assembly. 

“Looking upon the object to be accomplished to be one 
highly honorable to the State, the undersigned entered upon 
the duties assigned them most cheerfully, and with as little 
delay as possible. They consulted with the most eminent 
artists and practical mechanics as to the kind of monument 
to be erected, and a plan being agreed upon they employed 
Mr. Lemuel W. Kirby, of Columbia, to execute it for the 
sum of five hundred dollars. 

“The entire monument is twenty and a half feet high. 
The design is simple, but is intended to express the diffi- 
culties, successes, and violent termination of a life which 
was marked by bold enterprise, by manly courage and 
devoted patriotism. The base of the monument is of rough 
unhewn stone, eight feet high, and nine feet square where 
it rises to the surface of the ground. On this, rests a plinth 
of cut stone four feet square, and eighteen inches in thick- 
ness [height], on which are the inscriptions which are 
given below. On this plinth stands a broken column 
eleven feet high, two and a half feet in diameter at 
the base, and a few inches smaller at the top. The top 
is broken to denote the violent and untimely end of a 
bright and glorious career. The base is composed of a 
species of sandstone found in the neighborhood of the 
grave. The plinth and shaft, or column, are made of a fine 
limestone, commoiuly known as Tennessee marble. Around 
the monument is erected a handsome wrought-iron rail fence. 

“Great care was taken to identify the grave. George 
Nixon, Esq., an old Surveyor, had become very early ac- 
quainted with its locality. He pointed out the place; but to 
make assurance doubly sure the grave was reopened and the 


Ix SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON’S 


upper part of the skeleton examined, and such evidences 
found as to leave no doubt of the place of interment. Wit- 
nesses were called and their certificate, with that of the Sur- 
veyor, prove the fact beyond dispute. 

“The inscription upon the plinth was furnished by Prof. 
Nathaniel Cross, of the University of Nashville. It is 


beautiful and appropriate. It is placed on the different 
sides of the plinth, and is as follows:* 


[WEST FACE. ] 
MERRIWETHER LEWIS, 
Born near Charlottesville, Virginia, August 18, 1774, 
Died October 11, 1809, aged 35 years. 


[souTH FACE. ] 

An officer of the Regular Army—Commander of the Expedition to 
the Oregon in 1803-1806—Governor of the Territory of 
Louisiana—His melancholy death occurred 
where this monument now stands, 
and under which rest his 
mortal remains, 


[Ast FACE, ] 
In the language of Mr, Jefferson: ‘ His courage was undaunted His firm- 
ness and perseverance yielded to nothing but impossibilities ; A 
rigid disciplinarian, yet tender asa father of those com- 
mitted to his charge ; honest, disinterested, 
liberal, with a sound understanding 
and a scrupulous fidelity 
to truth,’ 


[NORTH FACE. ] 
Immaturus obi: sed tu felicior annos 
Vive meos, Bona Respublica ! Vive tuos, 


Erected by the Legislature of Tennessee. 
A. D. 1848. 


§ In attempting to reproduce these inscriptions as co ‘sd by Mr. Park from 
the stone, certain errors which appear in the printed rep .: are ignored. The 
worst of these is the wrong date of Oct. 17” instead of 11, 


Lewis’ Christian 
name is misspelled both on stone and on paper. 


The Latin word Respublica 
The alignment here presented 
is not exactly true to the stone, but gives the same general effect to the eye. 


is also misspelled ‘* Republica” in the report. 


IT 


ee 


a 


MEMOIR OF MERIWETHER LEWIS. Ixi 


“In the Latin distich, many of your honorable body will 
no doubt recognize as the affecting epitaph on the tomb of 
a young wife, in which, by a prosopopocta [sic—read proso- 
popeeia], after alluding to her immature death, she prays that 
her happier husband may live out er year and his own: 


““Immatura peri: sed tu felicior annos 
Vive meos, conjux optine! Vive tuos, 


“Under the same figure the deceased is represented, in the 
Latin distich as altered, after alluding to his early death, as 
uttering as a patriot a similar prayer, that the republic may 
fulfill her high destiny, and that her years may equal those 
of time. As the distich now stands, the figure may be 
made to apply, cither to the whole Union, or to Tennessee 
that has honored his memory by the erection of a monu- 
ment. 

“The impression has long prevailed that under the influ- 
ence of disease of body and mind—of hopes based upon 
long and valuable services—not merely deferred but wholly 
disappointed—Governor Lewis perished by his own hands. 
It seems to be more probable that he died by the hands of 
an assassin. The place at which he was killed is even yet 
a lonely spot. It was then wild and solitary, and on the 
borders of the Indian nation. Maj. C. L. Clark,’ a son of 
Governor Clark, of Missouri, in a letter to the Rev. Mr. 
Cressey, of Maury Co., savs: ‘Have you ever heard of the 
report, that Governor Lewis did not destroy his own life, but 
was murdered by his servant, a Frenchman, who stole his 
money and horses, returned to Natchez, and was never after- 
wards heard of ? This is an important matter in connec- 
tion with the erection of a monument to his memory, as it 
clearly removes from my mind, at least, the only stigma upon 
the fair name I have the honor to bear.’ 

“The undersigned would suggest to the General Assembly 
the propriety of having an acre of ground, or some other 


®Misprint or other mistake for M. L, Clark, t.e., Meriwether Lewis Clark, 
eldest son of William Clark by his first wife. 


— 


Ixii SUPPLEMENT TO JEFFERSON'S MEMOIR. 


reasonable quantity, around the grave, secured against the 
entry of private persons. This can be done either by 
reserving the title in the State, or by directing a grant to 
issue in the name of the governor and his successors in 
office. The first mode would probably be the best. 
“ All of which is respectfully submitted. 
“EDMUND DILLAHUNTY, 
“BARCLAY MARTIN, 
“ ROBERT A, SMITH, 
“SAMUEL B, Moore.” 


At the time of Mr. Park’s visit to the grave, November 
2Ist, 1889, the base of the monument was somewhat moss- 
grown, the inscriptions on the plinth were scarcely legible, 
and the iron fence was nearly all gone. It is said that the 
iron was taken away during the War of the Rebellion to 
make horseshoes, as the production of iron was then almost 
entirely suspended in the South. The acre reserved around 
the monument has since become “God's Acre” indeed, 
where rest the remains of one of his noblest works, albeit 
now indistinguishable from humbler dust in a common 
burying-ground. “Far out in the native forest, on the high- 
lands, with no human dwelling near, it is indeed a lonely spot, 
where the wild deer and the fox are still pursued by the 
hunter’s hounds. The existence of such a grave and monu- 
ment is scarcely known outside of the State, and to but few 
anywhere of the present generation. Tennessee would be 
loath to give up the honored dust which has slept in her 
bosom for more than eighty years; but would it not bea 
graceful, if too long neglected, act, should Congress authorize 
the erection of an appropriate monument of bronze at the 
national capital, to the memory of the accomplished soldier 
and scientist who led the first expedition through the 
unknown gateways of the mountains to the Pacific, and the 
mystery of whose untimely end will perhaps never be 
solved ?” 


(Matter 


4A Ccow2 Aa as com Ce OS Ozer - 


JPE tia ae ip See Lf. 


a a pL or ote aes rg nm 


Pa OD UD 
ay Ge ee ee ra 4 fre Cefev? 


SL (pr afic oz eurha A. @e-Cte. 
. ame & I, ewtle 
Mor i ii aver of 
o 
Pu 


nok CR ict sala” da creer “o 
on OF thay, Arwecee, 


Patten glen” 


2} PF P78 


FF ove+— Csi eaten. GHC e In: orn 
cor beer Fo fence gow She 
wher Ge thank gor “ 
tenga nw Fz 7 a a ~ 
2. 
DO ae age ae ame > Te a 


Ie colee 2 Gh © handy f- 
aed Ce ie Aran E fe aA ie ot 


—P- Za — et Ata 
GA, = Sef fevee ae Cea Korrt 
PS 
eorrnad oF Seana at Saaeay 
a em ere 


at 
a 
” 


. napa 


| 


MEMOIR OF WILLIAM CLARK. 


BY DR. COUES.
