# Verne S. Pease, 'The Death of Captain Merriwether Lewis', The Southern Magazine (Louisville, Ky.), vol. 4, no. 19 (February 1894), pp. 17-24 [article begins p. 17]. Source of the 'Joshua Grinder' / burned-house / impromptu coroner's inquest / Polly Spencer tradition; reprinted in the Army Magazine 1894 and summarized by Wheeler 1904.

CITATION: Verne S. Pease, 'The Death of Captain Merriwether Lewis', The Southern Magazine (Louisville, Ky.), vol. 4, no. 19 (February 1894), pp. 17-24 [article begins p. 17]. Source of the 'Joshua Grinder' / burned-house / impromptu coroner's inquest / Polly Spencer tradition; reprinted in the Army Magazine 1894 and summarized by Wheeler 1904.
URL fetched: https://archive.org/download/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-02_4_19/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-02_4_19_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
TRANSCRIPTION/NOTE: OCR of the microfilm scan (Serials in Microfilm), uncorrected; lines 1335-2200 of the djvu text (article ends with the monument description).

---- TEXT ----

CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIs. 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 


BY VELNE *, 


PEASYF. 


“ But though the unfeeling body 
Can equally moulder every where, 
I, still, my birthland nigh 

Would have my body lie.” 


YSTERY deep and dark has 

é hung for a century around 
the death of Captain Merriwether 
Lewis. Authentic history, so called, 
gives a very meager and unsatis- 
factory account of his taking off and 
apparently, without attempting to 
ascertain the facts or construct a 
motive but relying upon the wildest 
conjecture, has leaned to the un- 
charitable and impossible theory of 
suicide. 

Those familiar with the early his- 
tory of our country will recall the 
expedition sent across the continent 
by the General Government under 
the direction of Captain Lewis and 
Captain William H. Clarke to spy 
out the vast territory acquired under 
the ‘‘Louisiana Purchase.” With 
fortitude characteristic of our pio- 
neer forefathers they endured the 
deprivations of three years’ explora- 


Pushkin. 


tions through the cold and heat of 
winter and summer in mountain and 
plain; among a score of hostile 
aboriginese tribes, who had never 
before seen the face of the white 
man, and on their return made a 
report to Congress on the resources 
of the new acquisition that is au- 
thority to this day. Afterwards, as. 
governor of the territory he had ex- 
plored, he served with such patriotic 
distinction as to greatly increase the 
esteem in which he was held by 
Congress and the whole country. 
The glory of his life’s work grows 
more splendid as our expanding 
history goes more into the details of 
his services to his country, but the 
horrible tragedy that closed his 
career is seldom, if ever, mentioned 
outside the locality where it was en- 
acted. Few beyond the limits of 
this isolated region know of the 


GK 
YS 
\ 
WSs 
ARK 
WNW) 
> 
AER 
WN 
SS SS 


18 THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERIWETHER LEWIS. 


lonely and neglected place of his 
sepulchre. 

On the crest of a barren ridge that 
straggles irregularly across one of 
the hill counties of Middle Tennes- 
see, in the heart of an interminable 
forest, miles from human habitation, 
by the side of an old abandoned 
road is buried all that was mortal of 
Merriwether Lewis. More than 
lonely and worse than neglected was 
it to be buried far from the home of 
his birth and childhood, where the 
dust of his father already mingled 
with the soil of his native State and 
where the aged mother awaited the 
return of her son, who never came. 

Surrounding the grave is a clear- 
ing embracing a few acres of poor 
ground. This clearing was evidently 
much larger at one time than now, as 
portions have been reclaimed by 
King Forest and are covered witha 
sapling growth of the stunted timbers 
of the ridge. The small area remain- 
ing open resists the encroachments 
of the forest with a power inexplic- 
able and its own, for tradition says 
that the hand of man has not cut a 
sprout upon it for the last half 
century. In the very center of the 
clearing is the grave, surmounted by 
a marble monument of colonial 
design, worn with age and honey- 
combed by the action of the ele- 
ments. Its rough, porous surface 
makes an excellent ground for the 
clinging moss which already over- 
spreads the inscriptions and threat- 
ens the very summit of the shaft. 
The stranger, unfamiliar with the 
epitaph once chiseled there, could 
never learn from the inscriptions for 
whom the lonely grave was made. 
To him it would stand a memorial 
to perfect solitude and desolation. 

Near the road and some few yards 
distant from the monument is an old 
pit, as though it had been a cellar, 
now nearly leveled, with two piles 
of crumbling stone ; marking the 


location of a settler’s house of an 
early day with the inevitable rock 
chimneys at either end. Other 
clearings, that were once the habita- 
tions of pioneers, are indicated by 
old cellar pits and crumbling chim- 


“neys at intervals of half a mile 


along the old road, showing that in 
an early day quite a colony had lo- 
cated here. 

The old road, once the main 
thoroughfare of the South extend- 
ing from Kentucky through Tennes- 
see, across the corner of Alabama, 
cutting Mississippi diagonally, to 
New Orleans and onto the then un- 
known Southwest, has been wholly 
abandoned at this point and for 
miles each side, till now its windings 
can scarcely be followed. It was 
known as the ‘‘ Natchez Trace,” and 
was cut through the wilderness at a 
very early day to facilitate the move- 
ment of troops and munitions of war 
to the Southwestern frontier. Be- 
ing the only public road in that 
country it was not only valuable to 
the General Government, but it 
played an important part in the ma- 
terial development of that section of 
the South. Now solitude, complete 
and melancholy, reigns along its 
deserted length. The soil, yellow 
and sterile, but, aided by a genial 
sun, usually prolific in wild vegeta- 
tion, shoots no green thing from its 
surface except the briars that infest 
the cellar and surround the tomb. 

The inhabitants of the region 
living on the creek bottoms below 
the ridge, where their grandfathers 
settled a century ago, seldom visit 
the place. Few of them know that 
the ‘‘ole monument” marks the 
burial of one of the New World's 
most illustrious sons. They area 
peaceable people — hospitable and 
generous to the last gourdful of 
meal—but usually uneducated and 
always darkly superstitious. By 
their traditions this is haunted 


4 
ae 
uF 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 19 


ground—the home of a hundred 
spirits of uncertain mission, which 
on anmiversary occasions enact 
scenes of demoniacal carouse that 
rival the wildest flight of Tam 
O’Shanter’s inebriated fancy. The 
very briars that grow so rank and 
lusty are personated with ghostly 
powers and stand guard over the 
tomb and the buried treasure which 
their legends say is hidden away be- 
neath the sloping sides of the old 
cellar. 

Three miles distant, reached by 
this devious old road, is the hamlet 
of jJ—, the county-seat. Either 
because of the nearness of supposed 
haunted ground or for other inexpli- 
cable reason it has never seemed to 
thrive, and has had a most precari- 
ous struggle with complete oblivion, 
the issue being all the time most 
dubious, and can now show but half 
a dozen miserable houses as_ its 
trophy of temporary victory. As 
the seat of civil authority, it has ex- 
ercised a sort of judicial guardian- 


ship by day over the monument and 


its environment, yielding, after 
nightfall, reverential deference to 
the higher law and greater power of 
its supernatural protectors. 

Affairs had gone on in this way 
year after year, the inscriptions on 
the monument becoming more il- 
legible and the true story of the 
tomb becoming less attractive for 
neighborhood gossip than the gro- 
tesque and superstitious legends of 
the woods. A few octogenarians, 
those faithful chroniclers of past 
events, remained who retained the 
history of the great crime as it was 
told them by eye-witnesses and in 
accord with the findings of the 
primitive court. These, the only 
living and authentic witnesses, 
would doubtless have gone down to 
their graves without recording their 
testimony and thus reclaiming the 
name of Captain Lewis from the 


obloquy of self-destruction but for 
the happening of a most unforeseen 
accident. 

A party of money-loving Yankees, 
land prospectors, stopping at the 
nearest railway town, were told the 
story of the treasure buried in the 
old cellar near the monument. 
With characteristic greed and energy 
they organized asecret expedition to 
hunt for the buried gold, and on a 
bright Sunday morning set forth, 
with utter disregard for both the 
day and the supernatural part of the 
tale. 

Sunday at J— is a day of perfect 
rest—consecrated to complete inac- 
tion. Even the jack-knife and whit- 
tling-stick are laid aside, and neigh- 
borhood gossip exercises full sway 
over human energies. On this partic- 
ular Sunday morning the usual repose 
was on the village when some person 
coming in from the direction of the 
monument reported the desecration 
about to be practiced on the historic 
and legendary relic of the county. 
A council of war was not necessary 
to bring out the available martial 
force which, half a dozen strong 
headed by the sheriff, was soon 
bearing down upon the would-be 
depredators, armed with such imple- 
ments of warfare as they could 
hurriedly gather. 

The treasure-hunters had not pre- 
ceeded far with their search when 
they saw the military demonstration 
which their presence had precipi- 
tated, and, being in a ‘‘stranger’s 
country ” and having with them only 
the implements of peace, beat a 
speedy retreat and drove for their 
lives a dozen miles until the county 
line interposed deliverance between 
themselves and the sheriff's juris- 
diction. 

This occurrence, a joke to the 
outside world, was regarded as a 
very serious matter at J—. For 
weeks the despoliation of their relic 


20 THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 


was the absorbing topic of conver- 
sation. This discussion brought out 
many facts generally forgotten or 
covered with the rubbish of back- 
woods tradition. A committee of 
responsible citizens went to the 
monument and removed a portion 
of the moss that the inscriptions 
might be read and dates ascertained. 
Old citizens became reminiscent, 
authorities were marshaled, dates 
compared, hearsay and legend re- 
jected, until it was _ established 
beyond doubt that just eighty years 
to a day before the irreverent and 
avaricious attempt was made to 
raise the buried treasure, Captain 
Merriwether Lewis cruelly 
murdered and robbed in the house 
that covered the spot marked by 
the old cellar. 

In that early day the Natchez 
Trace was the main commercial 
thoroughfare between the rich agri- 
cultural region of Middle Kentucky 
and Tennessee and its market at 
It lay 
from 


New Orleans and Natchez. 
in a southwesterly course 
Nashville through the hill country— 
wild to this day. 

Twenty miles from Nashville it 
left the dominion of the white man 


and entered the country of the 
Chickasaw Indians. They were 
then, as now, a friendly nation, but 
wholly lacking the power to dis- 
criminate between the worthy settler 
and the friendly desperado (who 
bought his favor with cheap trinkets 
or whisky) and extended freedom 
and protection to both alike. 

The prosperous planter shipped 
his surplus produce down the river, 
but himself rode overland on horse- 
back, usually accompanied by a 
body servant, to meet the boats as 
they came into market. Having 
disposed of his cargo and sent back 
the year’s supplies for the planta- 
tion, he would set forth on his re- 
turn trip with the balance of the 


proceeds of his crop in a belt se- 
curely buckled about his person. 
Aside from the knightly independ- 
ence of such a journey, there was 
more than a tinge of romance and 
adventure in the solitary ride through 
a wild and often dangerous country, 
to which the gallant gentlemen who 
first settled in this great fertile basin 
had no aversion. The through mail 
between Washington and New 
Orleans was carried on this road by 
special couriers, who rode day and 
night with relays every twenty miles. 
Hundreds of pioneers, single-handed 
and in long, winding caravans, 
passed over the old road bound for 
the magnificent country of the 
Southwest. To merchants, Indian 
traders and _ peddlers, and they 
flourished mightily in that day, it 
was the only avenue over which to 
receive goods for trade and by which 
to convey the money to pay for the 
same. 

This enormous and _ important 
travel gave rise to scores of wayside 
inns or ‘‘stands,” as they were 
generally called, most of them very 
rude and primitive places of enter- 
tainment for man and beast. The 
wild country through which it pass- 
ed, the easily won friendship of the 
Indians, the absence of all the re- 
straining influences of civilization, 
and the almost continuous proces- 
sion of travelers, laden with wealth 
in goods or money, drew to all parts 
of the trace large numbers of per- 
sons of most desperate character. 
Some lived lives of the regulation 
brigand, swooping down on traveler 
or whole caravan at points in the 
road that favored their enterprise 
and made escape about certain, 
while others set up as inn-keepers. 
Many of the most attractive stands, 
in point of backwoods architecture 
and decoration, were presided over 
by men whose infamy attained 
national reputation, and whose names 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 2) 


have gone into the history of our 
country as outlaws and assassins. 
In the list of public entertainers 
who flourished in those days on the 
line of the Natchez Trace appears 
the name of Jim Murrill, the whole- 
sale robber and assassin, whose 
wretched existence cost more than 
one hundred human lives. So infam- 
ous had he become, however, by his 
previous life of pillage and mur- 
der, that his house was soon known 
and shunned by all travelers, and he 
was forced to return to his old 
occupation of highwayman. A hun- 
dred other stands were no _ less 
dangerous, but as the proprietors 
were less notorious guests and vic- 
tims continued to throng their inns. 

Among these was old Joshua 
Grinder, a half-breed Indian, whose 
inn occupied the clearing surround- 
ing the monument and covered the 
old cellar pit. His family consisted 
base 


of a daughter and two sons 
by nature and thoroughly depraved 
by the long course of crime through 
which their unnatural father had led 


them. Then, too, he kept about 
him aretinue of desperate creatures, 
ready to-join in any act of violence 
and plunder. His inn, like most 
of those that were built along the 
old trace, was of rough, unhewn 
logs, comprising four or five rooms 
of the rudest sort of that primitive 
day and country. Of their former 
history nothing was known, for they 
came mysteriously to the ridge, 
exercised squatter sovereignty over 
the little patch of ground, built their 
house and were doing business in an 
incredibly short time. 

Judged by the standard of that 
section the Grinder Stand” was 
attractive. Its front was adorned 
with a porch, built from home-made 
boards with pole posts, and the front 
room was bespread with a rag car- 
pet ; luxuries then unheard of in that 
backwoods country. A white servant 


girl, famous for her fine cooking, was 
kept on the place, and the fame of 
the stand for dinners soon reached 
from one end of the trace to the 
other. These attractions, together 
with the advantageous location ‘of 
the inn at the summit of the ridge, 
approached by a steep and exhaust- 
ing hill on both sides, gave it a good 
business from the very start. 

The extravagance displayed by 
old Grinder in architecture and fur- 
nishings caused him to be regarded 
with grave suspicion by the honest 
settlers of his neighborhood. Unused 
even to the comforts of good living, 
and reared to believe that luxury 
and crime go hand in hand—that 
more than shelter and protection 
from rain and cold tended to no good 
end,they could see these extras only 
in the light of bait thrown out to 
lure unwary guests in the house— 
perhaps for purposes of plunder. 
This feeling of distrust was not 
ameliorated by the old man’s per- 
sonal appearance, for, besides being 
rough and uncouth, he had a most 
cruel and vicious countenance. As 
a result, his house and every member 
of his family was under rigid surveil- 
lance, each settler, without concert- 
ing with his fellows, constituting 
himself a sort of detective to spy on 
the movement of affairs at the stand. 
The settlement of pioneer farmers 
on the creek bottoms below the 
ridge was quite large, comprising 
more families than now inhabit the 
same area, and the Grinders were 
effectually watched and their move- 
ments thoroughly discussed. The 
fall season was on, and the number 
of planters returning from market 
was uncommonly large. By this time 
the watch set over the suspects, 
which at first was general, had be- 
come organized and was system- 
atically conducted under charge of a 
committee of citizens. Ugly stories 
were soon abroad, charging the 


22 


Grinder stand with the responsibility 
of the sudden and mysterious disap- 
pearance of several rich planters 
who were known to have crossed the 
Tennessee river and whose course 
could be traced tothat locality. But 
beyond suspicious circumstances, 
enough, however, to make a case in 
a modern court of justice, nothing 
developed and ‘‘Grinder’s Stand” 
flourished amazingly. 

Being in the Indian nation, there 
was no grand jury or examining 
magistrate, and the only justice ob- 
tainable was of that rude, practical 
sort administered by vigilance com- 
mittees when such crime was known 
to have been committed as called 
for expiation. As yet no overt act 
that called for a session of this vig- 
orous tribunal had come to the 
cognizance of the community. 

Some of the hangers-on at the 
stand heard of the doubt with which 
the place was regarded in the neigh- 
borhood and reported it back to 
their chief. Grinder, not knowing 
which of his many crimes was about 
to be discovered, and having the 
robber’s distrust of his subordinates, 
determined to make one more haul 
and then depart for other fields of 
exploit. No time was to be wasted 
in waiting for the victim, but the very 
first whose appearance gave promise 
of rich returns was to be taken. 

He had only a few days to wait 
when a gentleman, well mounted 
and attended by acolored boy, rode 
up to the inn and called for lodging. 
His manner, dress and _ traveling 
outfit showed him to be a man of 
unusual distinction for that lonely 
country. All appearances indicated 
that he was a man of wealth travel- 
ing leisurely to Washington. In 
the course of his conversation he 
disclosed his identity as governor of 
the great territory of Louisiana, the 
importance of which office old Grind- 
er was wholly unable to understand, 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 


yet he had perception to see that 
this was the most distinguished and 
perhaps the most wealthy guest 
he had ever entertained. Before 
going to his room, Captain Lewis 
left instructions for the entertain- 
ment of his traveling companion, 
John Neeley, in event of his arrival 
during the night, he having been 
delayed on the road by a stray 
horse. The courtly bearing and ele- 
gant manners of Captain’ Lewis 
charmed and awed the whole Grind- 
er family. At supper he enter- 
tained them with tales of his travels 
and adventures while crossing the 
continent, and mentioned incident- 
ally the great wealth in geld and 
silver stored away in the mountains 
of the Northwest. The menticn of 
gold disenchanted old man Grinder. 
His avarice fired and he determined 
to make the final stroke that very 
night. In his blind greed and ignor- 
ance he argued that his guest had 
surely brought back and_ perhaps 
carried on his person, after the cus- 
tom of the day, a portion of the 
fabulous treasures he had talked of 
so interestingly. 

Being fatigued from the day’s 
journey, Captain Lewis went early to 
the room assigned him and retired 
for the night. It so happened that 
no other guests were in the house. 
He had _ been in his room but a few 
minutes, the members of the family 
being still engaged in their various 
duties about the house, when the 
sharp report of a rifle rang out on 
the night air. As if by previous 
understanding, all rushed to the 
guest chamber, whither old Grinder 
had_ preceded them, and in his be‘ 
they found Captain Lewis dying, 
with a cruel bullet hole in his left 
temple. 

Fearing that the neighborhood 
would investigate the murder and 
perhaps deal summary justice to the 
perpetrators, and knowing that Mr 


THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 23 


Neeley might any hour arrive and 
overtake them in the crime, they 
hastily buried the body in the yard 
back of the house, gathered together 
a few necessities for a journey and, 
setting fire to the miserable house, 
left that night for parts unknown. 
So precipitate was their flight that 
tradition says they never raised their 
buried treasures, the accumulations 
of months of plunder. What coun- 
try was afterwards cursed by their 
presence was never known; but 
rumor,as mysterious as their move- 
ments had been, came back from 
time to time. According to one 
they lived in affluence in West 
Tennessee, with plantations and 
slaves, but by another, more prob- 
able of truth, they fell victims of 
their own avarice in an internecine 
struggle over the spoils of this, their 
last crime. 

The flight of the Grinders proved 


to be well-timed, for the report of 
the murder spread quickly through 
the valleys, and before night a hun- 
dred persons had gathered to discuss 


the situation. An inquest was de- 
cided on,and the body was exhumed 
from its shallow and_uncoffined 
grave. A coroner elected from their 
number proceeded with due form 
and solemnity to exercise the func- 
tions of his impromptu office. After 
hearing the testimony of Polly 
Spencer, the servant girl who was 
in the house when the tragedy was 
committed, and other witnessés, a 
verdict was rendered of ‘‘ murder at 
the hands of Joshua Grinder,” which 
settled forever the cause of his death. 
Of course no record was made or 
preserved of the findings of this 
court, but that it was fairly con- 
ducted and that its conclusions are 
entitled to all the credence of more 
regularly constituted tribunals there 
can be no doubt. 

To this day the theory of suicide 
has obtained no footing in this 


place. A score of old persons, liv- 
ing in the hills of the county, famil- 
iar with the story from their child- 
hood, and many of them from 
having conversed with the servant 
of the Grinders, declare that they 
never heard of it until recently told 
that it had a place in so-called ‘‘ au- 
thentic” history. It will never be be- 
lieved by this people. Their know- 
ledge is too direct and positive. It 
has the strength of near a hundred 
years of undisputed credence, and 
beyond being the proven and estab- 
lished fact it bears the mark of 
common sense and reason. 

That a young man of thirty-five, 
of superior intelligence, the governor 
of the vast territory west of the Mis- 
sissippi river, possessed of_ great 
wealth, already conspicuous in the 
eyes of the country for duties well 
performed, and on his way to Wash- 
ington where he knew were awaiting 
him fresh laurels and new honors, 
that he should suicide in this wild 
country is more than preposterous. 
He was too conscientious. To him 
every act of life was fraught with 
grave responsibility and certain 
accountability. The thought of 
burial in so wild and boundless a 
forest, far from the home of his 
childhood and the graves of his an- 
cestors, would have deterred him 
from the act had other conditions 
rendered its commission possible. 
The unspeakable gloom in which it 
would have plunged his aged and 
expectant mother would have stayed 
his hand, had he, for other reasons, 
which did not exist, thought to 
commit the cowardly crime. His 
whole life, his splendid character are 
a sufficient refutation of the out- 
rageous charge. But truth, the 
sometimes tardy though certain vin- 
dicator, renders all speculations and 
deductions unnecessary. 

Captain Merriwether Lewis was 
murdered and robbed by Joshua 


i 
q 


24 THE DEATH OF CAPTAIN MERRIWETHER LEWIS. 


Grinder on the 11th day of October, 
1809, in what is now the county of 
Lewis, Tennessee. 

The idea of suicide doubtless 
originated in the East where he was 
known to be of a hypochondriac dis- 
position, but which affliction had 
entirely disappeared with his active, 
out-of-door life in the West. It was 
a theory, groundless and cruel, that 
even the perpetrators of the crime 
did not stay to urge in their own 
defense. In erecting the only monu- 
ment in this broad land that stands 
to the memory of the great explorer 
the State of Tennessee recognized 
the value of local evidence over 
groundless theory. 

The monument was built at the 
cost of five hundred dollars appro- 
priated by the General Assembly of 
Tennessee in 1848. Its base is of 
uncut sandstone, surmounted by a 
plinth of Tennessee marble on which 
was cut the inscriptions. Above this 
rises the marble shaft about twelve 
feet in height, roughly broken at the 
top, emblematic of the violent and 
untimely end of a glorious career. 
Five years before erecting the monu- 


4 


or 


wf) 


ment the General Assembly passed 
an act creating the county of Lewis. 
The introductory clause of the act 
read as follows: ‘‘In honor of 
Captain Merriwether Lewis, who 
has rendered distinguished services 
to his country, and whose remains 
lie buried and neglected within its 
limits.” The new county was carved 
out of four others cornering near the 
grave, in near a circle with it as a 
pivotal point. 

This great country, the making of 
whose history has developed more 
real heroes and patriots than the 
combined kingdoms of the world, 
has produced none more worthy
