# Marcus J. Wright, "'Governor Merriwether Lewis.' A Correction", Comment and Criticism, The Southern Magazine, vol. 4, no. 20 (March 1894), pp. 199-201: reprints his own 1876 article from Ware's Valley Magazine (St. Louis, June 1876) based on an April 1876 visit and information from Maj. Bolling Gordon, Hon. A. M. Hughes, Robert M. Cooper and Robert O. Smith (double log-cabin with a hall; shot 'under the chin'; monument inscriptions), and a letter of Hon. John V. Wright on Col. Robert M. Cooper's testimony (1854-55): valet first suspected, suicide 'finally settled', Grinder 'not suspected ... a full-blooded white man', the old negro who made the coffin and nails, 'Grinder did not flee'.

CITATION: Marcus J. Wright, "'Governor Merriwether Lewis.' A Correction", Comment and Criticism, The Southern Magazine, vol. 4, no. 20 (March 1894), pp. 199-201: reprints his own 1876 article from Ware's Valley Magazine (St. Louis, June 1876) based on an April 1876 visit and information from Maj. Bolling Gordon, Hon. A. M. Hughes, Robert M. Cooper and Robert O. Smith (double log-cabin with a hall; shot 'under the chin'; monument inscriptions), and a letter of Hon. John V. Wright on Col. Robert M. Cooper's testimony (1854-55): valet first suspected, suicide 'finally settled', Grinder 'not suspected ... a full-blooded white man', the old negro who made the coffin and nails, 'Grinder did not flee'.
URL fetched: https://archive.org/download/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-03_4_20/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-03_4_20_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
TRANSCRIPTION/NOTE: OCR of the microfilm scan, uncorrected; lines 10080-10375 of the djvu text.

---- TEXT ----

} 

: 

4 ~ 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


Nore.—Brief comments on timely topics of social, economic, or non-partisan political questions, as 
well as criticism of current literature, art, and science, are desired for this department.—EDITOR. 


‘Governor In the February 
Merriwether number of THE Sov- 
Lewis.”> THERN MAGAZINE 

there is an article b 
A Correction. Verne S. Pease 
titled ‘‘ The Death of Capt. Merriwether 
I,ewis,’’ which is exceedingly well writ- 
ten, but which as a historical article is 
very wide of the mark. In April, 1876, 
I visited the monument of Governor 
Lewis, and met a number of the oldest 
citizens in that vicinity. I wrote an arti- 
cle which was published in the June 
number, 1876, of Ware’s Valley Maga- 
zine, of St. Louis, entitled ‘‘ Governor 
Merriwether Lewis,’’ in which I gave a 
brief history of his life. Regarding his 
death, I wrote as follows: ‘‘Governor 
Lewis had been subject from early life 
to fits of despondency or melancholy, 
a disease which he had inherited from 
his father. His affairs rendering it 
necessary for him to visit Washington, 
he proceeded down the river to the 
third Chickasaw Bluff, the present site 
of the city of Memphis, Tenn., with a 
view of continuing his journey to New 
Orleans, and thence by a coasting ves- 
sel. Mr. Neely, who was agent of the 
United States with the Chickasaw In- 
dians, having arrived at the Bluff about 
this time, found the Governor quite 
indisposed and showing evident occa- 
sional symptoms of derangement of 
mind. Rumors of a war with England 
were then prevalent, and fearing the 
loss of his papers, among which were 
the vouchers of his accounts with the 
Government and the journal of his 
Western expedition, he changed his 
determination of proceeding down the 
river and started eastward through 
the Chickasaw country, accompanied 
by Mr. Neely and his .French za/e?. 


After passing the Tennessee river, 
about one day’s journey, two of their 
horses were lost, which caused Mr. 
Neely to halt, Governor Lewis proceed- 
ing on his way, with a promise to stop 
and await Mr. Neely’s arrival at the 
house of the first white inhabitant he 
should find on the road. Leaving Mr. 
Neely, the remainder of the party pro- 
ceeded on their journey, and stopped 
at the residence of a Mr. Grinder. Mr. 
Grinder being absent from home, his 
wife became alarmed at the symptoms 
of derangement she discovered in Gov- 
ernor Lewis, and for some time refused 
to give her consent to allow him to pass 
the night there, but he finally prevailed 
on her to give her consent. The house 
was a double log-cabin, with a hall be- 
tween the two rooms ; Governor Lewis 
occupied one of the rooms, Mrs. Grin- 
der the other. About three o’clock in 
the night Mrs. Grinder heard the sound 
of the discharge of a pistol, and very 
soon afterwards Governor Lewis called 
to her to bring him some water. Al- 
though the request was made in a pleas- 
ant and polite manner, she was afraid 
to leave her room, and did not go. 
Very soon the sound of another pistol 
shot was heard and on entering the 
room Governor Lewis was found dead 
in his bed with a bullet-hole under the 
chin, and leading up to and through 
the skull. 

Thus passed away Merriwether Lew- 
is, a man of culture, bravery and in- 
tegrity; and to whose energy and 
determined bravery we are indebted for 
the first reliable information respect- 
ing the greatest and most prosperous 
parts of our country —destined to be 
the site of the arts and sciences, and 
to contain within a short period a people 


— 
i 


200 


happy and prosperous, and outnumber- 
ing in population some of the oldest 
and grandest empires of the world. 

About the center of the county of 
Lewis, in Middle Tennessee (named in 
honor of Governor Lewis), in the midst 
of an uninhabited country, surrounded 
only by the native growth of the for- 
est, and where but few travelers pass, 
on the line of the old Natchez Trace, 
there stands a gray stone monument, 
composed of native rock, with a shaft 
of limestone in imitation of a giant of 
the forest, untimely broken, erected to 
the memory of Merriwether Lewis by 
the General Assembly of Tennessee. 
The monument was put up in the year 
1848. It stands on the crest of a broad, 
high ridge, with deep gorges running 
east and west, and near the spot where 
he came to his death by his own hands. 
Its entire height is twenty-five feet, and 
the whole is surrounded by an iron rail- 
ing. The monument has inscribed on 
the west side: 

MERRIWETHER LEWIS, 
Born near Charlottesville, Va., Aug. 18, 1774, 
Died October 11, 1809, 
Aged 35 years. 


On the south side is the following: 


An officer in the regular army, Private 
Secretary to President Jefferson, Commander 
of the expedition to Oregon in 1803-1806, 
Governor of the territory of Louisiana. His 
melancholy death occurred where this mon- 
ument now stands, under which rests his 
mortal remains. 


On the east side, in the language of 
Mr. Jefferson: 

His courage was undaunted; his firmness 
and perseverance yielded to nothing but im- 
possibilities; a rigid disciplinarian, yet tender 
as a father of those committed to his charge; 
honest, disinterested, liberal, with a sound 
understanding and scrupulous fidelity to 
truth. 

The north side has a Latin inscrip- 
tion, so much defaced that it could not 
be copied. Under the Latin inscrip- 
tion are these words: 

Erected by the Legislature of Tennessee, 
A. D., 1848. 

Iconsulted with Maj. Bolling Gordon, 
Hon. A. M. Hughes, Robert M. Cooper, 
and Robert O. Smith, all old and repu- 
table citizens of Maury county, from 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


which the county of Lewis was formed, 
and obtained my information from them. 

The writer of the article in the Feb- 
ruary ‘‘SOUTHERN’’ shows want of 
knowledge of the county site of Lewis 
county, calling it the ‘‘village of J—,’’ 
and speaking of John A. Murrell as a 
murderer and calling him /¢# Murrell. 

Lewis county was originally a part 
of the county of Maury. Its first county 
site was Gordon; the present one is 
Newburg. I append extract from a 
letter from Hon. Jno. V. Wright, who 
for three terms represented in Congress 
the district in which Lewis county is 
situated, correcting some of the errors 
of the writer : 

‘Murrell, the notorious robber, was 
named John A. His fields of opera- 
tions were principally in West Tennes- 
see, North Mississippi, and Alabama ; 
principally in West Tennessee, far away 
from Lewis county. Murrell’s prin- 
cipal business was that of stealing and 
running off negroes, and as there were 
no negroes to speak of in Lewis county 
there was no reason for his going there. 
Murrell was not understood to be a 
highway robber or a murderer. The 
only murder charged against him was 
made by Stewart, whose account of 
Murrell’s doings was not fully credited, 
and by many not believed at all. 

‘*Lewis county was in my congres- 
sional district, and I was frequently at 
his monument, and at Newburg with- 
in a few miles of it. I had a long and 
exhaustive conversation with old Col. 
Robert M. Cooper, who at that time | 
was one of the oldest and most intel- 
ligent, as well as the most truthful and 
reliable, men in the county, and he told 
me that it was suspected at first that 
Capt. Lewis’ valet, a Frenchman or 
Spaniard, murdered him, but he said it 
was finally settled in the neighborhood, 
and universally believed that Lewis 
committed suicide. Grinder was not 
suspected, and neither was he a half- 
breed Indian; but a full-blooded white 
man, and a reputable man. I never 
heard from any source. that Grinder 
committed the murder or was a half- 
breed Indian. ‘There was an old negro 
man living when the monument was 
built who made the coffin in which 


fe 


lewis was buried. The old negro 
pointed out the spot where the grave 
was and described the material out of 
which the coffin was constructed, rude 
oak planks, and nails made in a black- 
smith’s shop by the old negro. When 
the remains where found, the wound 
in the head, the coffin and the nails 
corresponded with the statement made 
by the old negro. I remember all 
this, as I received it from Col. Cooper, 
as vividly as things of yesterday. I 
can remember even the spot where we 
were sitting under a tree, in Newburg, 
when Col. Cooper told me the story. 
His story was the universally accepted 
statement. Grinder did not flee from 
the county, but brought up a re- 
spectable family and a number of his 
descendants now live in Middle Ten- 
nessee. 

‘The hamlet of ‘‘J—’’ was not the 
county seat. My recollection is that 
the first county seat was Gordon, and 
afterward Newburg. Lewis’ death took 
place in 1809. 

‘When I had the conversation with 
Col. Cooper he was an old man, per- 
haps over seventy. This was in 1854 
or 1855, and Col. Cooper was a citizen 
of Lewis county and clerk of the cir- 
cuit court. He must have been a 
grown man of twenty-one when Lewis 
was killed in 1809. He was a man of 
thorough investigation and perfectly 
reliable. I think the article by Mr. 
Pease is a tissue of errors and mis- 
takes.”’ Marcus J. Wright.
