# A. S. Horsley, 'Death of Governor Merriwether Lewis' (Maj. Bolling Gordon: Grinder removed to Duck River, 'a jury of inquest was held and the testimony was positive that the deed was suicide'; the old negro body-servant who died near Charlottesville c. 1886-87 claiming murder), and Verne S. Pease, "'Capt. Lewis.' A Correction Corrected" (his sources: seven months at Summertown; Mrs Christina B. Anthony who boarded with Polly Spencer's family; Capt. Flannigan; Judge James Milliken; Capt. John Nixon 'located the tomb and assisted to open it' in 1848 - 'the forehead was crushed'; Park's 1891 article; Coues's Globe-Democrat lecture 19 Nov 1892), Comment and Criticism, The Southern Magazine, vol. 4, no. 21 (April 1894), pp. 314-319.

CITATION: A. S. Horsley, 'Death of Governor Merriwether Lewis' (Maj. Bolling Gordon: Grinder removed to Duck River, 'a jury of inquest was held and the testimony was positive that the deed was suicide'; the old negro body-servant who died near Charlottesville c. 1886-87 claiming murder), and Verne S. Pease, "'Capt. Lewis.' A Correction Corrected" (his sources: seven months at Summertown; Mrs Christina B. Anthony who boarded with Polly Spencer's family; Capt. Flannigan; Judge James Milliken; Capt. John Nixon 'located the tomb and assisted to open it' in 1848 - 'the forehead was crushed'; Park's 1891 article; Coues's Globe-Democrat lecture 19 Nov 1892), Comment and Criticism, The Southern Magazine, vol. 4, no. 21 (April 1894), pp. 314-319.
URL fetched: https://archive.org/download/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-04_4_21/sim_mid-continent-magazine_the-southern-magazine_1894-04_4_21_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
TRANSCRIPTION/NOTE: OCR of the microfilm scan, uncorrected; lines 10090-10730 of the djvu text.

---- TEXT ----

: 
| 
| 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


Nore.—Brief comments on timely topics of social, economic, or non-partisan political questions, as 
wcll as criticism of current literature, art, and science, are desired for this department.—EDITOR. 


I saw in the Sov- 
THERN MAGAZINE for 
February an article on 
the death of Governor Merriwether 
I,ewis, and intended to correct its error, 
hut General Marcus]. Wright and Judge 
John V. Wright, both of whom I know 
well, have relieved me of that neces- 
sity by a very full and positive correc- 
tion. I wish simply to emphasize what 
they say by repeating what two well- 
known persons have testified on the 
subject. Major Bolling Gordon is one 
of the men. He lived nearly all his 
long life of fourscore years on the Nat- 
chez ‘Trace road, ten or fifteen miles 
northeast of the old Grinder stand, 
where the sad tragedy occurred. Major 
Gordon knew old man Grinder, and said 
he removed to a small farm on Drech 
river, below Shady Grove, and made a 
quiet, inoffensive citizen, as far as he 
knew. Major Gordon did not believe 
Governor Lewis was murdered. He 
said, I think, that a jury of inquest 
was held and the testimony was posi- 
tive that the deed was suicide during 
mental derangement. The other wit- 
ness I wish to introduce is ex-President 
Thomas Jefferson. I do so because I 
wish to remove all possible doubt about 
the matter, caused by the thoughtless 
and unfortunate article of Mr. Verne 
Pease. ‘The Grinders are probably all 
humble and poor people, and on that 
account alone, if for no other, I wish to 
prevent them from resting under a 
cloud of unjust suspicion as being the 
descendants of a murderer. Mr. Jeffer- 


Death of Governor 
Merriwether Lewis. 


son says : 
‘Governor Lewis had from early life 

been subject to hypochondriacal affec- 

tions. Itwasaconstitutional disposition 


315 


in all the nearer branchesof the family of 
his name, and was more immediately 
inherited by him from his father. They 
had not, however, been so strong as to 


give uneasiness to his family. While 
he lived with me in Washington I ob- 
served, at times, sensible depressions of 
mind, but knowing their constitutional 
source I estimated their course by what 
I had seen in the family. During his 
Western expedition, the constant exer- 
tion which that required of all the facul- 
ties of body and mind, suspended those 
distressing affections ; but after his es- 
tablishment in St. Louis in sedentary 
occupations, they returned upon him 
with redoubled vigor and began seri- 
ously to alarm his friends. He was in 
a paroxysm of one of these when his 
affairs rendered it necessary for him to 
go to Washington. 

He proceeded to the Chickasaw 
Bluffs, where he arrived on the 15th of 
September, 1809, with a view of con- 
tinuing his journey thence by water. 
Mr. Neely, agent of the United States 
with the Chickasaw Indians, arriving 
there two days after, found him ex- 
tremely indisposed, and betraying at 
times some symptoms of a derange- 
ment of mind. The rumors of a war 
with England, and apprehensions that 
he might losé the papers he was bring- 
ing on, among which were the vouch- 
ers of his public accounts and the 
journals and papers of his Western ex- 
pedition, induced him here to change 
his mind and to take his course by 
land through the Chickasaw country. 
Although he appeared somewhat re- 
lieved, Mr. Neely kindly determined to 
accompany and watch over him. Un- 
fortunately, at their encampment, after 


@ 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


having passed the Tennessee, one day’s 
journey, they lost two horses, which 
obliging Mr. Neely to halt for their 
recovery, the governor proceeded un- 
der a promise to wait for him at the 
house of the first white inhabitant on 
his road. He stopped at the house of 
a Mr. Grinder, who not being at home, 
his wife, alarmed at the symptoms of 
derangement she discovered, gave him 
up the house, and retired to rest her- 
self in an outhouse, the governor’s and 
Neely’s servants being in another. 
About 3 o’clock in the night he did 
the deed which plunged his friends 
into affliction, and deprived his country 
of one of her most valued citizens, whose 
valor and intelligence would have been 
now employed in avenging the wrongs 
of his country, and in emulating by 
land the deeds which have honored 
her arms on the ocean. It lost, too, 
to the nation the benefit of receiving 
from his own hand the narrative now 
offered them of his suffering and suc- 
cesses in endeavoring to extend for 
them the boundaries of science, and 
to present to their knowledge that vast 
and fertile country which their sons are 
destined to fill with arts, with science, 
with freedom and happiness. 

‘“To this melancholy close of the life 
of one whom posterity will declare not 
to have lived in vain, I have only to 
add that all the facts I have stated are 
either known to myself or communi- 
cated by his family or others for whose 
truth I have no hesitation to make my- 
self responsible.’’ 

Could anything be more positive or 
convincing than this statement of Mr. 
Jefferson about the death of one of his 
dearest friends? I think not. There 
is one additional fact, however, of an 
opposite character, which I feel it my 
duty to mention, although it does not 
alter my conviction that Governor Lewis 
killed himself in a fit of insanity. The 
fact I refer to was the published death 
at or near Charlottesville, Va., seven 
or eight years ago, of an old negro man 
who was a body servant of Governor 
Lewis in October, 1809, when the latter 
was killed. The papers reported the old 
negro as solemnly stating on his death- 
bed, what he had for more than three 


quarters of a century often repeated, 
that his master, Governor Lewis, was 
murdered at the Grinder stand, in 1809. 
He was but a boy at that time, and in 
another room, and it was but natural 
that he should have suspected murder. 
But none occurred, I am sure, if hu- 
man testimony and circumstantial evi- 
dence be taken. ‘‘ Murder will out”’ 
is a true saying. I have been at the 
lone monument, of which the Souru- 
ERN MAGAZINE gives a good picture. 
A. S. Horsley. 


“Capt. Lewis.” = [The challenge of my 
A Correction article in the February 
Corrected. = number of this magazine, 

on the ground of its historical basis of 

fact, was rather expected and hoped for 
by the writer. That it should have en- 
gaged so worthyan adversary as General 

Marcus J. Wright is the more pleasing, 

and I am impelled (perhaps by a touch 

of pride) to thank him for the generous 
commendation he has awarded the liter- 
ary feature of my effort. In no passage 
of the article did the writer claim to 
represent more than the local stories 
and traditions regarding this deplorable 
occurrence. That they are as reliable, 
and much more reasonable, than the his- 
torical accounts can readily be shown. 

The materials for the article were col- 
lected during a stay of seven months 
at the old health resort, Summertown, 
thirteen miles southeast of the Lewis 
tomb, and are the digested results of 
more than a dozen trips through the 
hills and valleys of Lewis county, and 

a journal filled with conversations with 

at least half a hundred old citizens of 

that and adjoining counties. Some 
were extremely grotesque, but in the 
main their stories well agreed. Not 
half a dozen of the number had ever 
heard of the suicide theory, but said 
they always heard that Captain Lewis 
was murdered. I attended the session 
of the chancery court at Newburg to 
interview old lawyers, going over in 
company with Chancellor Nixon, with 
whom I ate a wayside ‘‘snack’’ on the 
banks of Buffalocreek. Mrs. Christina 

B. Anthony, who for years kept a little 

tavern at Newburg, was one of my prin- 

cipal informants, an old lady who, if now 


3 316 
Bikes 
“a3 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


living, must be fully eighty-five years of 
age. She was born and raised in this 
immediate vicinity, and when I saw her 
last her mind seemed so bright and 
clear as to leave no doubt of the perfect 
accuracy of her memory. When a 
young married woman, she said that 
she boarded with the family of Polly 
Spencer, the servant girl at ‘‘Old Grind- 
ers’? when Capt. Lewis was killed, 
aud from her heard many times the 
story of his murder. The detail of 
the murder in my article was exactly 
as she told it direct from Polly Spencer, 
who was a competent witness. All 
agreed that Mrs. Anthony was the best 
authority in that whole country. I also 
sat under a tree at Newburg (perhaps 
the same ‘‘blackjack’’ that had pre- 
viously sheltered Honorable John V. 
Wright and Colonel Cooper) and had 
a long talk on the subject with the 
late Captain Flannigan, who for more 
than a quarter of a century was clerk 
and master of the chancery court in 
Lewis county. He had heard of the 
suicide theory, but declared it to be an 
outside story not credited in the neigh- 
borhood. Besides this the writer is 
indebted to Judge James Milliken, of 
their county court, for further and 
special investigation in the southwest- 
ern portion of the county. 

So much for my sources of informa- 
tion and knowledge of Lewis county, 
the apparent want of which General 
Wright so generously deplored. 

John A. Murrell did operate along 
the ‘* Natchez Trace,’ if not in this 
exact portion of it, for it was several 
hundred miles in length (see his life 
by Stewart). His hiding place for 
many years was near Helena, Ark., and 
in ny judgment the written account 
of Murrell’s life is more reasonable 
than that of the death of Captain Lewis 
which has solong been accredited by the 
world; and I am ata loss to know why 
General Wright holds so tenaciously 
to the one and discredits the other. 

The story told by General Wright 
in his so-called correction is evidently 
a garbled version of a letter written by 
Alexander Wilson, the ‘‘melancholy 
naturalist-poet,’’ dated ‘‘ Natchez, May 
18th, r811’’ (Poems and Letters, two 


317 


vols., 8vo, Paisley, 1876, pp. 36, 37, 38). 
Mr. Wilson made a visit to Captain 
Lewis’ tomb, and saw the Grinder wo- 
man and wrote down her tale. After 
describing the location and giving the 
preliminary portion of her story, he 
says: 

‘‘She heard two shots in the night, 
and heard Captain Lewis call several 
times for water, saying: ‘Oh, madam, 
give me some water and heal my 
wounds,’’’ but she claimed that she 
was too terrified to move. 

Afterwards he dragged himself from 
his room to the water bucket, and she 
heard him scraping it with a gourd to 
get a drink, but in vain. At daybreak 
she sent two children to the barn to call 
the servants. Inthe meantime, Captain 
Lewis had crawled back to his room. 
‘‘As soon as day broke,’’ Wilson wrote, 
‘‘and not before, the terror of the woman 
having permitted him to remain in this 
deplorable situation, she sent two of 
her children to the barn, her husband 
not being at home, and on going in 
they found him lying on the bed. He 
uncovered his side and showed them 
where a bullet had entered ; a piece of 
the forehead was blown off and had ex- 
posed the brains, without having bled 
much.’’ He died two hours later. 

While recording faithfully the story 
as he was told it, there is to my mind a 
vein of incredulity running through the 
whole letter. He wrote a memorial 
poem in nineteen verses, the first and 
last of which are alike, as follows: 

Far hence be each accusing thought! 

With his my kindred tears shall flow ; 
Pale pity consecrates the spot, 
Where poor lost Lewis now lies low. 

I quote this to show the originality 
of John V. Wright's statement. His is 
entirely new to me, and I think to most 
who have studied the matter. 

In reviewing this letter, Dr. Elliot 
Coues, editor of the reprint of the An- 
nals of the Lewis and Clark Expedition 
(Francis P. Harper, N.Y., 1893, 4 vols., 
edition limited ), wrote, in part : ‘‘Gover- 
nor Lewis may have committed the deed 
which history has laid to his charge, in 
a fit of suicidal mania, and the woman’s 
incoherent story may not have been in- 
tended to deceive, but may have arisen 


ted, 
was 
3 9. 
d in 
tral 
Jer. 
hu- 
evi- 
at’? 
the 
TH- 
Ire. 
my 
ary 
ne, 
of 
for 
en- 
ral 
1g, 
ich 
er- 
ve 
to 
ies 
dle 
le, 
is- 
ol- 
hs 
n, 
is 
of 
he 
id 
th 
of 
1e 
1e 
ot 
oT 
id 
is 
7) 
n 

h 
e 

a 

e 

- 


318 


from confused memories of an exciting 
night. ‘That is conceivable; but my 
contention is that the testimony, as we 
have it, does not suffice to prove sui- 
cide but raises a strong suspicion that 
Governor Lewis was foully dealt with 
by some person or persons unknown— 
presumably Grinder, or him and some 
accomplices. Until other evidence is 
forthcoming, the victim of untimely 
fate should be given the full benefit of 
the doubt, that no stigma may rest on 
his illustrious name. History may 
never be able to disprove the alleged 
suicide; neither has history thus far 
proven the allegation. This death re- 
mains a mystery ; but mysteries should 
not be paraded as history.”’ 

The memorial sketch written by 
Thomas Jefferson for the first edition 
of the Annals of the Lewis and Clark 
Expedition, dated ‘‘ Monticello, April 
16, 1813,’’ lays great stress on the hy- 
pochondriacal tendencies of Captain 
Lewis’ nature, but also says that, with 
his active out-of-door life in the West, 
this distemper had about disappeared. 
He makes no mention of having re- 
ceived reliable or authentic information 
of the cause of the death of his friend. 
Where he got his knowledge no one 
claims to know, and all seem satisfied 
with his bare, unsupported statement. 
History should not be made that way. 

In Francis P. Harper’s reprint, al- 
ready referred to, page xli, note 1, isa 
statement written by a gentleman from 
A®tnaFurnace, Hickman county, Tenn., 
which says: ‘‘ Lewis was found dead, 
and the report went out that he had 
committed suicide, but there has always 
been suspicion of foul play.’’ In the 
Nashville (Tenn.) ‘‘ American,’’ Sep- 
tember 6, 1891, appeared a lengthy 
article, over the pseudonym of ‘‘John 
Quill,’’ prepared by the Hon. James D. 
Parks, an eminent attorney of Frank- 
lin, Tenn., whose practice takes him 
into Lewis county each court-sitting. 
It comprised more than four columns, 
and was in the form of a lawyer’s brief, 
prepared from personal inquiry among 
the people of that country ; and taking 
this evidetice together, he says, in part, 
after giving names of his informants: 

‘Others living in Lewis and adjoin- 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


ing counties have been conversed with, 
who remember the general belief at the 
time that Grinder killed his guest for 
the purpose of robbery. It has always 
been the firm belief of the people of this 
region that Governor Lewis was mur- 
dered and robbed. The oldest citizens 
now living remember the rumors cur- 
rent at the time as to the murder, and 
it seems that no thought of suicide ever 
obtained footing here.’’ 

In speaking of Polly Spencer's statc- 
ment, hesays: ‘‘ She was washing dishes 
in the kitchen after supper with some 
of the females of the family, when they 
heard a shot in the room where Captain 
Lewiswas sleeping. All rushed into the 
room and found him dead in his bed.’’ 
The other witnesses to Polly Spencer’ s 
statement, besides Mrs. Anthony, are, if 
now living, Jason Boshears, near Mount | 
Pleasant, Tenn., and Sallie Barham 
Sims, 4itna Furnace, Hickman county, 
Tenn. After years of persistent inquiry, 
Mr. Parks scouts the idea of suicide. He 
also says Grinder was of Indian blood. 

The St. Louis ‘‘ Globe-Democrat,’’ 
Nov. 19, 1892, contains an article of 
over two columns very much like that 
of Mr. Parks, on authority of Dr. Coues, 
from one of his lectures, and no other 
man living has given to the subject so 
thorough study nor weighed the evi- 
dence so completely. His general con- 
clusion has already been given. 

Captain John Nixon, the old surveyor 
of Lewis county who located the tomb 
and assisted to open it when the state 
of Tennessee built the monument, told 
his nephew, the late Chancellor Nixon 
before referred to, the same account of 
the murder that Mrs. Anthony gave me, 
and said that when the skeleton was 
unearthed the forehead was crushed, 
showing indubitable proof of a shot in 
that portion of the body. General 
Wright's account of a shot in the chin 
would be news to the Grinders and citi- 
zens of Lewiscounty. Captain Nixon 
must have been a young man at the 
time of the Lewis murder. His kin- 
folks describe him as a very intelligent 
man and a great stickler for facts. 
The late Chancellor Nixon was famous 
for his probity. 

The reasonable conclusion of all this 


al 
> 
: 


COMMENT AND CRITICISM. 


is that the only evidence of suicide 
comes from the Wilson letter ; the state- 
ment, unreasonable and incoherent, of 
the accused—under the laws of Tennes- 
see, an incompetent witness. Every 
unbiased reader of Mr. Jefferson’s ac- 
count and of thatin Howe's ‘‘ Historical 
Collections of Virginia’’ must see that 
they are theories constructed to fit the 
admitted hy pochondriacal tendencies of 
Captain Lewis’ nature. At thesame time 
they admit these tendencies no longer 
existed. Until data is produced, they 
are entitled to no place in history. The 
sketch accompanying Captain Lewis’ 
portrait in the ‘‘Analectic Magazine’’ is 
copied from Mr. Jefferson’s memorial. 

Is authentic history made of constant 
repetitions of a falsehood or improba- 
bility through a respectable term of 
years? Surely the first line of Wil- 
son's verse, 


Far hence each accusing thought, 


can scarcely be construed to refer to the 
Grinders. By General Wright’s state- 
nent, they were not accused ; Captain 


Lewis was the criminal. But in Wil- 
son’s verse, one of the noblest and 
greatest of God’s creation was the one 
not to be accused. So say we, and so 
the world will say after hearing the 
evidence. 

My first article was a literary paper 
rathe1 than a historical document, in- 
tended to draw out discussion, with the 
hope of securing to the fair name of 
Captain Lewis at least the exercise of 
the ‘‘reasonable doubt.’’ Perhaps no 
greater man or better citizen has ever 
lived in this country. Is he to be de- 
nied the constitutional right accorded 
toa common criminal? Captain Lewis, 
the hero, the honest, disinterested citi- 
zen, with ‘‘a scrupulous fidelity to 
truth,’’ is charged with murder, no 
less a crime because self-murder. Get 
the testimony all in, and then let the 
judge give his charge as to the reason- 
able doubt. The jury—the good, jus- 
tice-loving people of this broad land—
