CITATION: Thomas Maitland Marshall, ed., The Life and Papers of Frederick Bates, vol. 2 (St. Louis: Missouri Historical Society, 1926). Letters: Bates to George Hoffman, 25 May 1809 (p. 67); Bates to Richard Bates, 14 July 1809 (pp. 67-69); Bates to James Abbott, 25 July 1809 (p. 75); Bates to Nathaniel Pope, 24 Oct 1809 (pp. 100-101); Bates to Richard Bates, 9 Nov 1809 (pp. 108-112).
URL: https://archive.org/download/lifepapersoffred02bate/lifepapersoffred02bate_djvu.txt (archive.org item lifepapersoffred02bate, OCR text, uncorrected)
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
NOTE: Verbatim OCR extracts of the pages named; page headers/footnotes appear where the OCR placed them. Line ranges of the djvu.txt: 2690-2790, 2995-3012, 3960-4015, 4290-4460.
-----
[djvu lines 2690-2790: Bates to Hoffman 25 May 1809 (end) and Bates to Richard Bates 14 July 1809]

The  General  Orders  and  other  military  arrangements, 
are  not  deposited  for  record  in  my  Office. 


TO  GEORGE  HOFFMAN,  COLLECTOR,  MACKINAC 
j)R  SlR  St.  Louis  May  25.  1809 

Mr.  Cheney  will  hand  you  this  letter.  He  is  a  gentleman 
of  very  respectable  standing  in  our  town  and  merits  on  his 
own  account,  rather  than  on  my  recommendation,  every 
civility  which  you  can  show  him. 

I  had  the  pleasure  to  receive  by  last  Post,  yours  of  the 
7th  March,  from  Detroit.  The  restoration  of  our  commer- 
cial relations  with  G.  Britain,  which  takes  place  the  10th 
of  next  month,  will  fix  you  permanently  at  Mackinac. 

I  have  a  two  fold  pleasure  in  congratulating  you  on  this 
desirable  event,  the  prosperity  of  our  country  and  the  pro- 
motion of  your  individual  interests. 

I  will  give  some  account  of  Louisiana  very  soon  —  111 
health  and  a  pressure  of  business  now  prevent  me. 


TO  RICHARD  BATES 

St.  Louis  July  14,  1809.  — 

When  yr.  Friend  Stuart194  arrived  in  town  he  called  at 
the  Land  Board  before  the  usual  hour  of  the  meeting  of 
the  commissioners  &  left  yr.  letter  with  the  clerk.  I  waited 

is*  Alexander  Stuart  was  a  Virginian.  He  practiced  law  at  Kaskaskia 
as  early  as  1806.  He  was  an  intimate  friend  of  Governor  Lewis  and  was 
one  of  the  three  executors  of  his  estate. 


68  The  Life  and  Papers  of  Frederick  Bates. 

on  him  in  the  afternoon  of  that  day  &  on  the  following- 
morning,  pressed  him  to  call  on  me  and  in  fact  tendered  to 
him  all  those  civilities  which  were  due  to  yr.  request  and 
to  his  merits.  Notwithstanding  which  I  was  not  favored 
with  a  visit  until  yesterday.  We  live  indeed  in  different 
parts  of  the  town  &  at  considerable  distance  from  each 
other.  Besides  which  I  have  attached  myself  to  the  French 
circles  into  which  he  appears  to  avoid  an  introduction. 
The  Seat  of  the  Illinois  Government  (Kaskaskia)  is  no 
more  than  60  miles  from  this  place,  on  the  other  bank  of 
the  river.  The  Judge  has  procured  apartments  in  our 
town,  and  appears  to  be  permanently  settled  among  us.  — 
He  will  get  office  here  as  soon  as  he  can. 

Gov  Lewis  leaves  this  in  a  few  days  for  Phila.  Washingn 
&c.  He  has  fallen  from  the  Public  esteem  &  almost  into 
the  public  contempt.  He  is  well  aware  of  my  increasing 
popularity  (for  one  scale  sinks  as  the  other  rises,  without 
an  increase  of  gravity  except  comparative)  and  has  for 
some  time  feared  that  I  was  at  the  head  of  a  Party  whose 
object  it  would  be  to  denounce  him  to  the  President  and 
procure  his  dismission.  The  Gov:  is  greatly  mistaken  in 
these  suspicions;  and  I  have  accordingly  employed  every 
frank  &  open  explanation  which  might  have  a  tendency  to 
remove  that  veil  with  which  a  few  worthless  fellows  have 
endeavoured  to  exclude  from  him  the  sunshine.  He  called 
at  my  Office  &  personally  demanded  this  explanation.  It 
was  made  with  that  independence  which  I  am  determined 
shall  mark  my  conduct  on  all  occasions;  and  accompanied 
with  an  assurance  that  the  path  of  life,  which  I  had  long 
since  prescribed  to  myself  did  not  admit  of  prevarication. 
As  a  Citizen,  I  told  him  I  entertained  opinions  very  dif- 
ferent from  his,  on  the  subject  of  civil  government,  and 


The  Regime   of  Governor  Lewis.  69 

that  those  opinions  had,  on  various  occasions  been 
expressed  with  emphasis;  but  that  they  had  been  unmixed 
with  personal  malice  or  hostility.  I  made  him  sensible  that 
it  would  be  the  extreme  of  folly  in  me  to  aspire  above  my 
present  standing:  that  in  point  of  Honor,  my  present 
Offices  were  nearly  equal  to  the  government  and  greatly 
superior  in  emolument  —  And  that  the  latter  could  not, 
from  any  motives  of  prudence  be  accepted  by  me,  if  offered 
by  the  President.  'Well'  said  he  'do  not  suffer  yourself 
to  be  separated  from  me  in  the  public  opinion;  When  we 
meet  in  public,  let  us,  at  least  address  each  other  with  cor- 
diality.' My  very  humanity  yielded  a  prompt  assent  to 
this  Eequest,  and  for  this  I  am  resolved  to  take  every  oppor- 
tunity of  convincing  the  People  that  however  I  may  have 
disapproved  &  continue  to  disapprove  the  measures  of  the 
Governor,  that  as  a  man,  I  entertain  good  opinions  of  him. 
He  used  me  badly,  but  as  Pope  says  'Twas  when  he  knew 
no  better'  —  In  one  particular  case  when  he  had  deter- 
mined to  go  to  Washington  (tho'  he  did  not  go)  he  left 
certain  Executive  Business  to  be  performed  by  Genl.  Clark; 
tho'  the  Laws  have  expressly  provided  for  his  absence.  I 
waited  on  His  Excellency  &  demanded  that  the  General 
should  be  called  in.  The  Gentlemen  were  then  told  that 

[djvu lines 2995-3012: Bates to James Abbott 25 July 1809]
Society,  Collections,  III. 

199  U.  S.,  Statutes  at  Large,  I,  302-305. 


The  Regime   of  Governor  Lewis.  75 

TO  JAMES  ABBOTT 
Dear  Sir,  St.  Louis  July  25th.  1809 

Our  Gov.  Lewis,  with  the  best  intentions  in  the  world, 
is,  I  am  fearful,  losing  ground.  His  late  preparations  for 
Indian  War200  have  not  been  popular.  He  acted  for  the 
best.  But  it  is  the  fate  of  great  men  to  be  judged  by  the 
results  of  their  measures.  He  has  talked  for  these  12  Mos. 
of  leaving  the  country  —  Every  body  thinks  now  that  he 
will  positively  go,  in  a  few  weeks. 


[djvu lines 3960-4015: Bates to Nathaniel Pope 24 Oct 1809]
than  the  promotion  of  the  Public  good,  and  knowing  your 
acquaintance  with  the  Affairs  of  the  lower  districts,  any 
intimations  with  which  you  may  think  proper  to  favor  me 
will  be  very  acceptable. 


TO  NATHANIEL  POPE 

SlR  St.  Louis  Oct  24.  1809 

It  is  with  unaffected  diffidence  that  I  take  the  liberty  of 
addressing  you  on  a  subject,  in  which  in  all  probability 
you  feel  but  little  interest. 

The  term  of  Gov:  Lewis'  services,  will  expire  I  under- 
stand, in  Feby  or  March  next.    He  has  been  too  unfortunate 

is  John  Scott  was  a  Virginian.  After  graduating  at  Princeton  he 
moved  to  Vincennes  where  he  studied  law.  In  1805  he  moved  to  Ste. 
Genevieve,  being  the  first  lawyer  to  settle  there  permanently.  In  1807 
he  was  attorney-general  of  the  territory.  In  1817  he  was  elected  delegate 
to  congress  from  Missouri  Territory,  and  later  was  the  first  representative 
in  congress  from  the  State  of  Missouri.  His  support  of  John  Quincy 
Adams  led  to  his  retirement  from  political  life  in  1828.  Scott  County 
is  named  after  him. 


The    Second   Acting-Governorship.  101 

to  expect  a  second  nomination  —  such,  at  least  is  the  pre- 
vailing opinion :  whether  well  founded  or  not  a  very  general 
solicitude  is  felt,  that  some  worthy  man  of  talent  and  expe- 
rience may  be  selected  to  succeed  him  in  the  Executive 
Office. 

Judge  Coburn  has  a  growing  reputation:  His  manners 
as  you  know,  are  plain,  yet  conciliatory,  and  no  doubt 
sufficiently  dignified;  his  discharge  of  public  duty  prompt 
intelligent  and  exempt  from  imputation.  In  a  word,  I 
believe  he  would,  more  nearly  than  any  other  man,  unite 
the  public  suffrage.  For  myself,  I  have  not  concealed  my 
ardent  wishes  that  the  Judge  might  be  appointed  our  Gov- 
ernor. A  popular  address  to  the  President  might  be  very 
readily  obtained;  but  such  Papers  have  not  of  late  been 
esteemed  conclusive  evidence  of  merit:  Besides  which  all 
feeling  minds  are,  in  different  degrees,  affected  by  the  un- 
happy situation  of  Governor  Lewis,  and  would  feel  a  pain- 
ful reluctance  in  contributing  to  his  mortifications.  The 
name  of  Judge  Coburn  will  however  be  mentioned  to  the 
President  by  private  friends  of  some  influence  and  sanguine 
hopes  are  entertained  of  the  success  of  their  application. 

If  you  could  feel  yourself  at  liberty  to  lend  us  your  aid 
in  this  affair  you  would  add  new  confidence  to  these  hopes, 
at  the  same  time  that  you  convince  us  of  your  willingness 
to  promote  the  welfare  of  the  People  of  Louisiana.  You 

[djvu lines 4290-4460: Bates to Richard Bates 9 Nov 1809]
This  cause  will  probably  be  tried  on  the  4th  Monday  of 
this  month  in  the  district  court  of  New  Madrid. 


TO  RICHARD  BATES 

St.  Louis  Nov  9.  1809. 

You  have  heard  no  doubt,  of  the  premature  and  tragical 
death  of  Gov :  Lewis.  Indeed  I  had  no  personal  regard  for 
him  and  a  great  deal  of  political  contempt;  Yet  I  cannot 
but  lament,  that  after  all  his  toils  and  dangers  he  should 
die  in  such  a  manner.25 

At  the  first,  in  Washington  he  made  to  me  so  many 
friendly  assurances,  that  I  then  imagined  our  mutual 
friendship  would  plant  itself  on  rocky  foundations.  But 
a  very  short  acquaintance  with  the  man  was  sufficient  to 
undeceive  me.  He  had  been  spoiled  by  the  elegant  praises 
of  Mitchell26  &  Barlow,27  and  over  whelmed  by  so  many 
flattering  caresses  of  the  high  &  mighty,  that,  like  an  over- 

25  For  the  circumstances  connected  with  the  death  of  Lewis,  see 
Coues,  History  of  the  Expedition  under  the  Command  of  Lewis  and  Clark, 
I,  43  et  seq.    See  also  the  Missouri  Gazette,  November  2,  1809. 

26  Probably  Samuel  Latham  Mitchill,  one  of  the  best  known  American 
scientists  of  the  period. 

27  Probably  a  reference  to  Joel  Barlow's  Columoiad. 


The    Second    Acting-Governorship.  109 

grown  baby,  he  began  to  think  that  everybody  about  the 
House  must  regulate  their  conduct  by  his  caprices. 

'De  mortuis  nil  nisi  bonum'28  is  a  good  old  maxim;  but 
my  character  has  been  assailed,  as  respects  our  late  Gov- 
ernor, and  I  owe  to  those  I  love  some  little  account  of  my- 
self. 

I  never  saw,  after  his  arrival  in  this  country,  anything 
in  his  conduct  towards  me,  but  alienation  and  unmerited 
distrust.  I  had  acquired  and  shall  retain  a  good  portion 
of  the  public  confidence,  and  he  had  not  generosity  of  soul 
to  forgive  me  for  it.  I  was  scarcely  myself  conscious  of 
my  good  fortune;  for  the  still  voice  of  approbation  with 
which  I  was  favored  by  the  People,  was,  as  yet  drowned 
in  the  clamours  of  my  enemies.  As  soon  as  I  was  seen  in 
conflict  with  my  associates  in  business,  my  friends  came 
forward  with  a  generous  and  unexpected  support.  —  T  bore 
in  silence  the  supercilious  air  of  the  Governor  for  a  long 
time ;  until,  last  summer  he  took  it  into  his  head  to  disavow 
certain  statements  which  I  had  made,  by  his  order  from 
the  Secretary's  Office.  This  was  too  much  —  I  waited  on 
him,  —  told  him  my  wrongs  —  that  I  could  not  bear  to  be 
treated  in  such  a  manner  —  that  he  had  given  me  the 
orders,  &  as  truth  is  always  eloquent,  the  Public  would 
believe  it  on  my  assurances.  He  told  me  to  take  my  own 
course  —  I  shall,  Sir,  said  I,  and  I  shall  come,  in  future 
to  the  Executive  Office  when  I  have  business  at  it. 

Some  time  after  this,  there  was  a  ball  in  St.  Louis,  I 
attended  early,  and  was  seated  in  conversation  with  some 
Gentlemen  when  the  Governor  entered.  He  drew  his  chair 
close  to  mine  —  There  was  a  pause  in  the  conversation  — 
T  availed  myself  of  it  —  arose  and  walked  to  the  opposite 

28  Of  the  dead  nothing  but  good. 


110         The  Life  and  Papers  of  Frederick  Bates. 

side  of  the  room.  The  dances  were  now  commencing.  — 
He  also  rose  —  evidently  in  passion,  retired  into  an  adjoin- 
ing room  and  sent  a  servant  for  General  Clark,  who  refused 
to  ask  me  out  as  he  foresaw  that  a  Battle  must  have  been 
the  consequence  of  our  meeting.  He  complained  to  the 
general  that  I  had  treated  him  with  contempt  &  insult  in 
the  Ball-Room  and  that  he  could  not  suffer  it  to  pass.  He 
knew  my  resolutions  not  to  speak  to  him  except  on  business 
and  he  ought  not  to  have  thrust  himself  in  my  way.  The 
thing  did  pass  nevertheless  for  some  weeks  when  General 
Clark  waited  on  me  for  the  purpose  of  inducing  me  to  make 
some  advances.  I  replied  to  him  'NO,  the  Governor  has 
told  me  to  take  my  own  course  and  I  shall  step  a  high  and 
a  proud  Path.  He  has  injured  me,  and  he  must  undo  that 
injury  or  I  shall  succeed  in  fixing  the  stigma  where  it 
ought  to  rest.  You  come'  added  I  'as  my  friend,  but  I 
cannot  separate  you  from  G  ov  Lewis  —  You  have  trodden 
the  Tips  &  the  Downs  of  life  with  him  and  it  appears  to  me 
that  these  proposals  are  made  solely  for  his  convenience.' 
At  last,  I  had  business  at  the  Executive  Office  —  He 
pressed  me  to  be  seated  and  made  very  handsome  explana- 
tions. I  told  him  that  they  sounded  well;  but  that  I  could 
not  accept  them  unless  with  the  approbation  of  my  friend 
Wm.  C.  Carr  —  He,  with  some  other  Gentlemen  were  then 
called  in,  &  this  particular  misunderstanding  adjusted  to 
the  entire  satisfaction  of  Carr  and  myself. 

Oh  Lewis,  how  from  my  Love,  I  pity  thee ! 

1  Those  who  stand  high,  have  many  winds  to  shake  them 

And  if  they  fall,  they  dash  themselves  to  pieces' 

I  should  not  speak  of  these  things  now,  but  for  the  pur- 
pose of  explaining  what  followed.    Gov.  Lewis,  on  his  way 


The    Second   Acting-Governorship.  Ill 

to  Washington  became  insane.  On  the  arrival  of  this  un- 
happy news  and  before  we  heard  of  his  death,  an  Honbie. 
Gentleman  of  this  place,  a  Colleague  of  mine  at  the  Land- 
Board,  commenced  a  regular  and  systematic  traduction  of 
my  character  —  He  asserted  in  several  respectable  com- 
panies that  the  mental  derangement  of  the  Governor  ought 
not  to  be  imputed  to  his  political  miscarriages ;  but  rather 
to  the  barbarous  conduct  of  the  Secretary.  That  Mr  Bates 
had  been  determined  to  tear  down  Gov  Lewis,  at  all  events, 
with  the  hope  of  supplanting  him  in  the  Executive  Office' 
with  a  great  deal  of  scandal  equally  false  and  malicious. 
The  persons  who  listened  most  attentively  to  these  accusa- 
tions, happened  to  be  my  very  intimate  friends  Judge 
Coburn  and  Doct  Farrar. 

I  deliberated  with  myself  24  hours  in  what  manner  I 
ought  to  proceed.  Clement  B.  Penrose  was  worthy  of  my 
resentment,  as  being  nearly  connected  with  the  '  illustrious 
House  of  Wilkinson'  as  well  as  on  many  other  accounts. 
But  he  has  a  Wife  and  family.  A  defiance  ought  not  then, 
if  it  could  be  avoided,  to  come  from  me.  The  second  day 
after  I  had  heard  these  slanders  I  met  him  in  public,  at 
the  Board  of  Commissioners,  after  we  had  adjourned.  I 
charged  him  with  the  falsehoods  which  he  had  propagated 
in  concise  and  angry  terms.  He  denied  them  and  explained 
'I  have  said  that  you  were  the  enemy  of  Gov  Lewis  and 
would  willingly  be  the  Governor  yourself.'  'You  have 
gone  farther  than  this  Sir'  said  I  'and  I  will  prove  it  upon 
you.  I  will  not  submit  to  your  malicious  impertinence  Mr. 
Penrose  —  I  will  chastise  you  for  it  —  for  two  years  past, 
you  have  been  in  the  habit  of  gossiping  your  scandals  with 
respect  to  me,  and  I  pledge  my  word  of  Honor,  that  if  you 
ever  again  bark  at  my  heels,  I  ivill  spurn  you  like  a  Puppy 


112         The  Life  and  Papers  of  Frederick  Bates. 

from  my  Path'  These  reproaches  made  no  impression  upon 
him  —  he  was  only  apprehensive  of  another  kind  of  attack. 
He  had  denied  the  charge  and  I  thought  him  too  worthless 
for  further  notice.  I  satisfied  myself  with  obtaining  from 
Judge  Coburn  a  Certificate  of  what  1  had  alledged  and 
with  sending  Aid  Major  McNair  with  a  letter  to  Mr.  Pen- 
rose, expressive  of  my  hearty  and  everlasting  Contempt 
for  him.  His  reply  to  the  Major  was,  that  he  would  have 
me  indicted  for  an  Assault. 

Eichard,  this  is  a  strange  world,  in  which  we  live!  I 
had  thought  that  my  habits  were  pacific;  yet  I  have  had 
acrimonious  differences  with  almost  every  person  with 
whom  I  have  been  associated  in  public  business.  I  have 
called  myself  to  a  very  rigid  account  on  this  head,  and 
before  God,  I  cannot  acknowledge  that  I  have  been  blamable 
in  any  one  instance.    My  passions  blind  me  I  suppose. 

It  is  certain,  nevertheless,  that  I  float  on  a  flowing  tide 
of  popular  favor,  without  a  diminution  of  credit  that  I 
know  of  at  the  City.  9/10ths  of  the  People  are  ready  to 