CITATION: Thomas Jefferson, 'Life of Captain Lewis' (letter to Paul Allen, Monticello, 18 August 1813), printed in History of the Expedition under the Command of Captains Lewis and Clark ... prepared for the press by Paul Allen (Philadelphia: Bradford and Inskeep, 1814), vol. 1, pp. vii-xxiii; extract pp. xxi-xxiii.
URL: https://archive.org/download/historyofexpeditu01lewi/historyofexpeditu01lewi_djvu.txt (archive.org item historyofexpeditu01lewi, OCR text, uncorrected)
FETCHED: 2026-09-14
NOTE: verbatim OCR of djvu.txt lines 800-900 (pages xxi-xxiii). The manuscript text as edited in the Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Retirement Series vol. 6 is saved separately as jefferson_to_allen_1813-08-18_biography.txt.
-----
TAfe  of  Captain  Lewis.  xxi 

in  a  state  of  excitement  by  lugubrious  rumours,  circulated 
from  time  to  time  on  uncertain  authorities,  and  uncontra- 
dicted by  letters,  or  other  direct  information,  from  the  time 
they  had  left  the  Mandan  towns,  on  their  ascent  up  the  ri- 
ver in  April  of  the  preceding  year,  1805,  until  their  actual 
return  to  St.  Louis. 

It  was  the  middle  of  February,  1807,  before  captain  Lew- 
is, with  his  companion  captain  Clarke,  reached  the  eity  of 
Washington,  where  congress  was  then  in  session.  That 
body  granted  to  the  two  chiefs  and  their  followers  the  do- 
nation of  lands  which  they  had  been  encouraged  to  expect 
in  reward  of  their  toil  and  dangers.  Captain  Lewis  was 
soon  after  appointed  governor  of  Louisiana,  and  captain 
Clarke  a  general  of  its  militia,  and  agent  of  the  United 
States  for  Indian  affairs  in  that  department. 

A  considerable  time  intervened  before  the  governor's 
arrival  at  St.  Louis.  He  found  the  territory  distracted  by 
feuds  and  contentions  among  the  officers  of  the  government, 
and  the  people  themselves  divided  by  these  into  factions  and 
parties.  He  determined  at  once  to  take  no  side  with  cither) 
but  to  use  every  endeavour  to  conciliate  and  harmonize  them. 
The  even-handed  justice  he  administered  to  all  soon  esta- 
blished a  respect  for  his  person  and  authority;  and  perse- 
verance and  time  wore  down  animosities,  and  reunited  the 
citizens  again  into  one  family. 

Governor  Lewis  had,  from  early  life,  been  subject  to  hy- 
pochondriac affections.  It  was  a  constitutional  disposition 
in  all  the  nearer  branches  of  the  family  of  his  name,  and 
was  more  immediately  inherited  by  him  from  his  father. 
They  had  not,  however,  been  so  strong  as  to  give  uneasiness 
to  his  family.  While  he  lived  with  me  in  Washington  I 
observed  at  times  sensible  depressions  of  mind:  but  knowing 
their  constitutional  source,  I  estimated  their  course  by  what 
J  had  seen  in  the  family.  During  his  western  expedition, 
the  constant  exertion  which  that  required  of  all  the  faculties 


xxii  Life  of  Caplain  Lewis. 

of  body  and  mind,  suspended  these  distressing  affections;  but 
after  his  establishment  at  St.  Louis  in  sedentary  occupa- 
tions, they  returned  upon  him  with  redoubled  vigour,  and 
began  seriously  to  alarm  his  friends.  He  was  in  a  paroxysm 
of  one  of  these,  when  his  affairs  rendered  it  necessary  for 
bim  to  go  to  Washington.  He  proceeded  to  the  Chickasaw 
Bluffs,  where  he  arrived  on  the  sixteenth  of  September, 
1809,  with  a  view  of  continuing  his  journey  thence  by  water. 
Mr.  Neely,  agent  of  the  United  States  with  the  Chickasaw 
Indians,  arriving  there  two  days  after,  found  him  extremely 
indisposed,  and  betraying  at  times  some  symptoms  of  a  de- 
rangement of  mind.  The  rumours  of  a  war  with  England, 
and  apprehensions  that  he  might  lose  the  papers  he  was 
bringing  on,  among  which  were  the  vouchers  of  his  public 
accounts,  and  the  journals  and  papers  of  his  western  expe- 
dition, induced  him  here  to  change  his  mind,  and  to  take 
his  course  by  land  through  the  Chickasaw  country.  Al- 
though he  appeared  somewhat  relieved,  Mr.  ISeely  kindly 
determined  to  accompany  and  watch  over  him.  Unfortu- 
nately, at  their  encampment,  after  having  passed  the  Ten- 
nessee one  day's  journey,  they  lost  two  horses,  which  obli- 
ging Mr.  Neely  to  halt  for  their  recovery,  the  governor  pro- 
ceeded, under  a  promise  to  wait  for  him  at  the  house  of  the 
first  white  inhabitant  on  his  road.  He  stopped  at  the  house 
of  a  Mr.  Grinder,  who  not  being  at  home,  his  wife,  alarmed 
at  the  symptoms  of  derangement  she  discovered,  gave  him 
up  the  house  and  retired  to  rest  herself  in  an  out-house,  the 
governor's  and  Neely's  servants  lodging  in  another.  About 
three  o'clock  in  the  night  he  did  the  deed  which  plunged  his 
friends  into  affliction,  and  deprived  his  country  of  one  of  her 
most  valued  citizens,  whose  valour  and  intelligence  would 
have  been  now  employed  in  avenging  the  wrongs  of  his  coun- 
try, and  in  emulating  by  land  the  splendid  deeds  which  have 
honoured  her  arms  on  the  ocean.  It  lost  too  to  the  nation 
the  benefit  of  receiving  from  his  own  hand  the  narrative 


Lfe  of  Captain  Lewis.  xxiii 

now  offered  them  of  his  sufferings  and  successes,  in  endea- 
vouring to  extend  for  them  the  boundaries  of  science,  and 
to  present  to  their  knowledge  that  vast  and  fertile  country, 
which  their  sons  are  destined  to  fill  with  arts,  with  science, 
with  freedom  and  happiness. 

To  this  melancholy  close  of  the  life  of  one,  whom  poste- 
rity will  declare  not  to  have  lived  in  vain,  I  have  only  to  add, 
that  all  the  facts  I  have  stated  are  either  known  to  myself, 
or  communicated  by  his  family  or  others,  for  whose  truth  I 
have  no  hesitation  to  make  myself  responsible;  and  I  con- 
clude with  tendering  you  the  assurances  of  my  respect  and 
eonsideration. 

Til.  JEFFERSOV. 
Mr.  Paul  Allen,  Philadelphia. 

