CITATION: The Journals of the Lewis and Clark Expedition Online (ed. Gary E. Moulton; University of Nebraska-Lincoln Center for Digital Research in the Humanities), day pages for the dates listed below; the online text reproduces Moulton, The Journals of the Lewis & Clark Expedition, 13 vols. (Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press, 1983-2001) with its editorial footnotes (numbered [n]).
URL pattern: https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.YYYY-MM-DD (each block below gives its own URL).
FETCHED: 2026-09-14 (HTML day pages converted to text with unl2txt.py; working copies of the raw downloads are not included in this folder). Only the [Lewis] and [Clark] sections are included here (Gass, Ordway, Whitehouse omitted); text otherwise verbatim as rendered by the site, including editorial brackets, footnote numbers and the footnote texts that follow each author section. Page-navigation chrome removed.
EXTENT: the dates below were selected for health, mood, medication and wound content (1803 ague; June 1805 illness; Aug 1805 Shoshone / birthday / venereal enquiry; Sept-Oct 1805 sickness; Jan-Feb 1806 mercury for venereal disease; Aug-Sept 1806 gunshot wound and recovery).


======== 1803-11-14  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1803-11-14 ========

[Lewis]
14th Novr. set out by light at sunrise I took a doze of Rush's pills [1] which operated extremly well and I found myself much to my satisfaction intirely clear of fever by the evening. passed Wilkinson ville 
 [2] about 12 Oclock oposite to which is the first or great chain of rocks streching in an oblique manner across the Oho this evening landed on the point at which the Ohio and Mississippi form there junchon [3] felt myself much better but extreemly weak—
1. The pills (provided by Benjamin Rush ) were a strong laxative. They consisted generally of ten grains of calomel, or mercurous chloride, and fifteen grains of jalap, or pulvis jalap, from the roots of the Exogonium jalapa of Mexico . They were used extensively on the expedition for treating gastrointestinal disturbances. Chuinard, 121–44, 155–56; Cutright (IGHB), 98. ( back ) 
2. 
 Cantonment Wilkinson-Ville was established about 1787 as an outpost of Fort Massac in what is now Pulaski County , Illinois , and was named for General James Wilkinson . It was probably abandoned by 1804. 
 Illinois Guide, 432–33; Thwaites (EWT), 4:278; Cramer (6th), 81. ( back ) 
3. The site of present Cairo , Alexander County , Illinois . ( back ) 
 Date: November 14, 1803 
 Author(s): Lewis, Meriwether 
 TEI XML: 
 lc.jrn.1803-11-14.xml 
 Previous 
 Next 
 Home 
 Journals 
 Books & Articles 
 Images & Maps 
 Audio & Video 
 About 
 Copyright 
Created by the Center for Digital Research in the Humanities 
in partnership with the University of Nebraska Press 
 and funding from the National Endowment for the Humanities .

======== 1805-06-10  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-06-10 ========

[Lewis]
Monday June 10th 1805. 
The day being fair and fine we dryed all our baggage and merchandize. Shields renewed the main Spring of my air gun we have been much indebted to the ingenuity of this man on many occasions; without having served any regular apprenticeship to any trade, he makes his own tools principally and works extreemly well in either wood or metal, and in this way has been extreenely servicable to us, as well as being a good hunter and an excellent waterman. in order to guard against accedents we thout it well to conceal some ammunicion here and accordingly buryed a tin cannester of 4 lbs. of powder and an adequate quantity of lead near our tent; a cannester of 6 lbs. lead and an ax in a thicket up the S. Fork three hundred yards distant from the point. we concluded that we still could spare more amunition for this deposit Capt. Clark was therefore to make a further deposit in the morning, in addition to one Keg of 20 lbs. and an adequate proportion of lead which had been laid by to be buryed in the large Cash. we now scelected the articles to be deposited in this cash which consisted of 2 best falling axes, one auger, a set of plains, some files, blacksmiths bellowses and hammers Stake tongs &c. 1 Keg of flour, 2 Kegs of parched meal, 2 Kegs of Pork, 1 Keg of salt, some chissels, a cooper's Howel, some tin cups, 2 Musquets, 3 brown bear skins, beaver skins, horns of the bighorned anamal, a part of the men's robes clothing and all their superfluous baggage of every discription, and beaver traps.— we drew up the red perogue into the middle of a small Island at the entrance of Maria's river , and secured and made her fast to the trees to prevent the high floods from carrying her off put my brand on several trees standing near her, [1] and covered her with brush to shelter her from the effects of the sun. At 3 P. M. we had a hard wind from the S. W. which continued about an hour attended with thunder and rain. as soon as the shower had passed over we drew out our canoes, corked, repared and loaded them. I still feel myself somewhat unwell with the disentary, but determined to set out in the morning up the South fork or Missouri leaving Capt. Clark to compleat the deposit and follow me by water with
the party; accordingly gave orders to Drewyer , Joseph Fields , Gibson and Goodrich to hold themselves in readiness to accompany me in the morning. 
 Sâh-câh-gâh, we â , our Indian woman is very sick this evening; Capt. C. blead her. the night was cloudy with some rain.— 
Observed meridian Altitude of ☉'s L. L with Octant by the Back observation 54° 32' 
Latitude deduced from this observation 47° 22' 52.8" 
Mean Latitude of the Entrance of Maria's river as deduced from three observations of ☉ Altd. 47° 25' 17.2" North. 
 I saw a small bird today which I do not recollect ever having seen before. [2] it is about the size of the blue thrush or catbird, and it's contour not unlike that bird. the beak is convex, moderately curved, black, smoth, and large in proportion to its' size. the legs were black, it had four toes of the same colour on eah foot, and the nails appeared long and somewhat in form like the tallons of the haulk, the eye black and proportionably large. a bluish brown colour occupyed the head, neck, and back, the belly was white; the tail was reather long in proportion and appeared to be composed of feathers of equal length of which a part of those in the center were white the others black. the wings were long and were also varigated with white and black. on each side of the head from the beak back to the neck a small black stripe extended imbrasing the eye. it appeared to be very busy in catching insects which I presume is it's usual food; I found the nest of this little bird, the female which differed but little in size or plumage from the male was seting on four eggs of a pale blue colour with small black freckles or dots.— the bee martin or Kingbird 
 [3] is common to this country tho' there are no bees in this country, nor have we met with a honey bee [4] since we passed the entrance of the 〈 Osage 〉 [ NB: Kanzas 
 ] river.—

[Clark]
June 10th Monday 1805 
a fine day dry all our articles arrange our baggage burry Some Powder & lead in the point, Some Lead a canister of Powder & an ax in a thicket in the point at Some distance, buried on this day and in the large cache or whole we buried on the up land near the S. fork 1 mile up S. S. [5] we drew up our large Perogue into the middle of a Small Island in the North fork and covered her with bushes after makeing her fast to the trees, branded several trees to prevent the Indians injureing her, at 3 oClock we had hard wind from the S. W. thunder and rain for about an hour after which we repaired & Corked the Canoes & loadded them— 
 Sah cah gah, we â 
 our Indian woman verry Sick I blead her, we deturmined to assend the South fork , and one of us, Capt. Lewis or My self to go by land as far as the Snow mountains S. 20° W. and examine the river & Countrey Course & to be Certain of our assending the proper river, Capt Lewis inclines to go by land on this expedition, according Selects 4 men George Drewyer , Gibson , Jo. Fields & S. Gutrich to accompany him & deturmine to Set out in the morning— The after noon or night Cloudy Some rain, river riseing a little.

======== 1805-06-11  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-06-11 ========

[Lewis]
Tuesday June 11th 1805 
This morning I felt much better, but somewhat w[e]akened by my disorder. at 8 A. M. I swung my pack, and set forward with my little party. proceeded to the point where Rose [ NB: Tansey ] River a branch Maria's River approaches the Missouri so nearly. [1] from this hight we discovered a herd of Elk on the Missouri just above us to which we desended and soon killed four of them. we butchered them and hung up the meat and skins in view of the river in order that the party might get them. I determined to take dinner here, but before the meal was prepared I was taken with such violent pain in the intestens that I was unable to partake of the feast of marrowbones. my pain still increased and towards evening was attended with a high fever; finding myself unable to march, I determined to prepare a camp of some willow boughs and remain all night. having brought no medecine with me I resolved to try an experiment with some simples; and the Choke cherry which grew abundanly in the bottom first struck my attention; I directed a parsel of the small twigs to be geathered striped of their leaves, cut into pieces of about 2 Inches in length and boiled in water untill a strong black decoction of an astringent bitter tast was produced; [2] at sunset I took a point [pint] of this decoction and abut an hour after repeated the dze by 10 in the evening I was entirely releived from pain and in fact every symptom of the disorder forsook me; my fever abated, a gentle perspiration was produced and I had a comfortable and refreshing nights rest. Goodrich who is remarkably fond of fishing caught several douzen fish of two different species— one about 9 inches long of white colour round and in form and fins resembles the white chub common to the Potomac; [3] this fish has a smaller head than the Chubb and the mouth is beset both above and below with a rim of fine sharp teeth; the eye moderately large, the puple dark and the iris which is narrow is of a yellowish brown colour, they bite at meat or grasshoppers. this is a soft fish, not very good, tho' the flesh is of a fine white colour. the other species is precisely the form and about the size of the well known fish called the 
 Hickory Shad or old wife , [4] with the exception of the teeth, a rim of which garnish the outer edge of both the upper and lower jaw; the tonge and pallet are also beset with long sharp teeth bending inwards, the eye of this fish is very large, and the iris of a silvery colour and wide. of the 1st species we had caught some few before our arrival at the entrance of Maria's river, but of the last we had seen none untill we reached that place and took them in Missouri above it's junction with that river. the latter kind are much the best, and do not inhabit muddy water; the white cat continue as high as the entrance of Maria's R , but those we have caught above Mandans never excede 6 Ibs. I beleive that there are but few in this part of the Missouri . saw an abundance of game today even in our short march of 9 miles.—

[Clark]
June 11th Tuesday 1805 
a fair morning wind from the S W. hard we burry 1 keg in the Cash & 2 Canisters of Powder in 〈3 places〉 2 seperate places all with Lead; & in the Cash 2 axes, auger, Plains, 1 Keg flour, 2 Kegs Pork, 2 Kegs Parchd meal 1 Keg salt, files Chisel, 2 Musquits, Some tin cups, howel, 3 bear Skins, Beaver Skins, Horns, & parts of the mens robes & clothes.— Beaver Traps and blacksmith's tools. [5] 
 Capt. Lewis Set out at 8 oClock we delayed to repare Some guns out of order & complete our deposit, which took us the day the evening fair and fine wind from the N. W. after night it became cold & the wind blew hard, the Indian woman verry Sick, I blead her which appeared to be of great Service to her both rivers riseing fast

======== 1805-07-27  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-07-27 ========

[Lewis]
Saturday July 27th 1805. 
We set out at an early hour and proceeded on but slowly the current still so rapid that the men are in a continual state of their utmost exertion to get on, and they begin to weaken fast from this continual state of violent exertion. at the distance of 1¾ miles the river was again closely hemned in by high Clifts of a solid limestone rock which appear to have tumbled or sunk in the same manner of those discribed yesterday. the limestone appears to be of an excellent quality of deep blue colour when fractured and of a light led colour where exposed to the weather. it appears to be of a very fine gr[a]in the fracture like that of marble. [1] we saw a great number of the bighorn on those Clifts. at the distance of 3¾ ms. further we arrived at 9 A. M. at the junction of the S. E. fork of the Missouri and the country opens suddonly to extensive and beatifull plains and meadows which appear to be surrounded in every direction with distant and lofty mountains; supposing this to be the three forks of the Missouri I halted the party on the Lard. shore for breakfast and walked up the S. E. fork about ½ a mile and ascended the point of a high limestone clift from whence I commanded a most perfect view of the neighbouring country. From this point I could see the S. E. fork about 7 miles. it is rapid and about 70 yards wide. throughout the distance I saw it, it passes through a smoth extensive green meadow of fine grass in it's course meandering in several streams the largest of which passes near the Lard. hills, of which, the one I stand on is the extremity in this direction. a high wide and extensive plain succeeds the meadow and extends back several miles from the river on the Stard. sade and with the range of mountains up the Lard. side of the middle fork . a large spring arrises in this meadow about ¼ of a mile from the S. E. fork into which it discharges itself on the Stard. side about 400 paces above me. from E to S. between the S. E. and middle forks a distant range of lofty mountains rose their snow-clad tops [2] above the irregular and broken mountains which lie adjacent to this beautifull spot. the extreme point to which I could see the S. E. fork boar S. 65° E. distant 7 ms. as before observed. between the middle and S. E. forks near their junctions with the S. W. fork there is a handsom site for a fortification it consists of a limestone rock of an oblong form; it's sides perpendicular and about 25 ft high except at the extremity towards the middle fork where it ascends gradually and like the top is covered with a fine terf of greenswoard. the top is level and contains about 2 Acres. the rock [r]ises from the level plain as if it had been designed for some such purpose. [3] the extream point to which I can see the bottom and meandering of the Middle fork bears S. 15 E distant about 14 miles. here it turns to the right around a point of a high plain and disappears to my view. it's bottoms are several miles in width and like that of the S. E. fork form one smoth and beautifull green meadow. it is also divided into several streams. between this and the S. W. fork there is an extensive plain which appears to extend up both those rivers many miles and back to the mountains. the extreme point to which I can see the S. W. fork bears S. 30 W. distant about 12 miles. this stream passes through a similar country with the other two and is more divided and serpentine in it's course than either of the others; it a[l]so possesses abundantly more timber in it's bottoms. the timber here consists of the narrowleafed cottonwood almost entirely. but little box alder or sweet willow the underbrush thick and as heretofore discribed in the quarter of the missouri . a range of high mountains at a considerable distance appear to reach from South to West and are partially covered with snow the country to the right of the S. W. fork like that to the left of the S. E. fork is high broken and mountainous as is that also down the missouri behind us, through which, these three rivers after assembling their united force at this point seem to have forced a passage these bottom lands tho' not more than 8 or 9 feet above the water seem never to overflow. after making a draught of the connection and meanders of these streams [4] I decended the hill and returned to the party, took breakfast and ascended the S. W. fork 1¾ miles and encamped at a Lard. bend in a handsome level smooth plain just below a bayou, having passed the entrance of the middle fork at ½ a mile. here I encamped to wait the return of Capt. Clark and to give the men a little rest which seemed absolutely necessary to them. [5] at the junction of the S. W. and Middle fork s I found a note which had been left by Capt. Clark informing me of his intended rout, and that he would rejoin me at this place provided he did not fall in with any fresh sighn of Indians, in which case he intended to pursue untill he over took them calculating on my taking the S. W. fork , which I most certainly prefer as it's direction is much more promising than any other. beleiving this to be an essential point in the geography of this western part of the Continent I determined to remain at all events untill I obtained the necessary data for fixing it's latitude Longitude &c. after fixing my camp I had the canoes all unloaded and the baggage stoed away and securely covered on shore, and then permitted several men to hunt. I walked down to the middle fork and examined and compared it with the S. W. fork but could not satisfy myself which was the largest stream of the two, in fact they appeared as if they had been cast in the same mould there being no difference in character or size, therefore to call either of these streams the Missouri would be giving it a preference wich it's size dose not warrant as it is not larger then the other. they are each 90 yds. wide. in these meadows I saw a number of the duckanmallad [6] with their young which are now nearly grown. Currants of every species as well as goosberries are found her[e] in great abundance and perfection. a large black goosberry [7] which grows to the hight of five or six feet is also found here. this is the growth of the bottom lands and is found also near the little rivulets which make down from the hills and mountains it puts up many stems from the same root, some of which are partialy branched and all reclining. the berry is attatched seperately by a long peduncle to the stem from which they hang pendant underneath. the berry is of an ovate form smooth as large as the common garden goosberry when arrived at maturity and is as black as jet, tho' the pulp is of a cimson colour. this fruit is extreemly asced. the leaf resembles the common goosberry in form but is reather larger and somewhat proportioned to the superior size of it's stem when compared with the common goosberry. the stem is covered with very sharp thorns or bryers. below the tree forks as we passed this morning I observed many collections of the mud nests of the small martin attatched to the smooth face of the limestone rocks sheltered by projections of the same rock above. Our hunters returned this evening with 6 deer 3 Otter and a musk rat. they informed me that they had seen great numbers of Antelopes, and much sign of beaver Otter deer Elk, &c. at 3 P. M. Capt clark arrived very sick with a high fever on him and much fatiegued and exhausted. he informed me that he was very sick all last night had a high fever and frequent chills & constant aking pains in all his mustles. this morning notwithstanding his indisposition he pursued his intended rout to the middle fork about 8 miles and finding no recent sign of Indians rested about an hour and came down the middle fork to this place. Capt. C. thought himself somewhat bilious and had not had a passage for several days; I prevailed on him to take a doze of Rushes pills, which I have always found sovereign in such cases and to bath his feet in warm water and rest himself. Capt. C's indisposition was a further inducement for my remaining here a couple of days; I therefore informed the men of my intention, and they put their deer skins in the water in order to prepare them for dressing tomorrow. we begin to feel considerable anxiety with rispect to the Snake Indians. if we do not find them or some other nation who have horses I fear the successfull issue of our voyage will be very doubtfull or at all events much more difficult in it's accomplishment. we are now several hundred miles within the bosom of this wild and mountanous country, where game may rationally be expected shortly to become scarce and subsistence precarious without any information with rispect to the country not knowing how far these mountains continue, or wher to direct our course to pass them to advantage or intersept a navigable branch of the Columbia , or even were we on such an one the probability is that we should not find any timber within these mountains large enough for canoes if we judge from the portion of them through which we have passed. however I still hope for the best, and intend taking a tramp myself in a few days to find these yellow gentlemen if possible. my two principal consolations are that from our present position it is impossible that the S. W. fork can head with the waters of any other river but the Columbia , and that if any Indians can subsist in the form of a nation in these mountains with the means they have of acquiring food we can also subsist. Capt. C. informed me that there is a part of this bottom on the West side of the Middle fork near the plain, which appears to overflow occasionally and is stony. 
 Courses and distances of July 27th 1805. 
 N. 65° W. 
 ½ 
 to the center of a Stard. bend passing an Island. 
 South 
 1 ¼ 
 to a clift of high rocks on the Stard. here the river is again
confined between high and perpendicular clifts of rock.— 
 S. 2° E. 
 2 ½ 
 to the center of a Lard. bend passing a small Island 
 S. 45 W. 
 1 ¼ 
 to the upper point of a high clift of rocks in a Stard. op-
posite or a little below the entrance of the S. E. fork of the
 Missouri which we called 
 Gallitin's river 
 [8] in honor of Albert
Gallitin Secretary of the Treasury 
 S. 45° W. 
 ½ 
 to the confluence of the middle and S. W. forks of the Mis-
souri each 90 yds. wide; the Middle fork we called Mad-
dison's river in honor of James Maddison the Secretary of
State.— [9] and the S. W. fork we called Jefferson's River in
honor that illustratious peronage Thomas Jefferson Presi-
dent of the United States. 
 N. 45° W. 
 ¼ 
 to the entrance of a Bayou on Stard. side 
 S. 30° W. 
 ¼ 
 to a Stard. bend. 
 S. 20° E. 
 ¼ 
 to the center of a Lard. bend where we encamped on Lard.
in Camp Island.— 
 Miles 
 7

[Clark]
July 27th Saturday 1805 
I was verry unwell all last night with a high fever & akeing in all my bones. my fever &c. continus, deturmind to prosue my intended rout to the middle fork , accordingly Set out in great pain across a Prarie 8 miles to the Middle this fork is nearly as large as the North fork & appears to be more rapid, we examined and found no fresh Sign of Indians, and after resting about an hour, proceeded down to the junction thro a wide bottom which appears to be overflown every year, & maney parts Stoney this river has Several Islands and number of beaver & orter, but little timber. we could See no fresh Sign of Indians just above the Point I found Capt Lewis encamped haveing arrived about 2 oClock. Several Deer killed this evening. I continue to be verry unwell fever verry high; take 5 of rushes pills & bathe my feet & legs in hot water

======== 1805-08-13  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-08-13 ========

[Lewis]
Tuesday August 13th 1805. 
We set out very early on the Indian road which still led us through an open broken country in a westerly direction. a deep valley appeared to our left at the base of a high range of mountains which extended from S. E. to N. W. [1] having their sides better clad with pine timber than we had been accustomed to see the mountains and their tops were also partially covered with snow. at the distance of five miles the road after leading us down a long decending valley for 2 Ms. brought us to a large creek about 10 yds wide; [2] this we passed and on rising the hill beyond it had a view of a handsome little valley to our left of about a mile in width through which from the appearance of the timber I conjectured that a river passed. I saw near the creek some bushes of the white maple, the 〈small〉 shumate of the small species with the winged rib, and a species of honeysuckle much in it's growth and leaf like the small honeysuckle of the Missouri only reather larger and bears a globular berry as large as a garden pea and as white as wax. [3] this berry is formed of a thin smooth pellicle which envellopes a soft white musilagenous substance in which there are several small brown seed irregularly scattered or intermixed without any sell or perceptable membranous covering.— we had proceeded about four miles through a wavy plain parallel to the valley or river bottom when at the distance of about a mile we saw two women, a man and some dogs on an eminence immediately before us. they appeared to vew us with attention and two of them after a few minutes set down as if to wait our arrival we continued our usual pace towards them. when we had arrived within half a mile of them I directed the party to halt and leaving my pack and rifle I took the flag which I unfurled and avanced singly towards them the women soon disappeared behind the hill, the man continued untill I arrived within a hundred yards of him and then likewise absconded. tho' I frequently repeated the word tab-ba-bone sufficiently loud for him to have heard it. I now haistened to the top of the hill where they had stood but could see nothing of them. the dogs were less shye than their masters they came about me pretty close I therefore thought of tying a handkerchief about one of their necks with some beads and other trinkets and then let them loose to surch their fugitive owners thinking by this means to convince them of our pacific disposition towards them but the dogs would not suffer me to take hold of them; they also soon disappeared. I now made a signal fror the men to come on, they joined me and we pursued the back tarck of these Indians which lead us along the same road which we had been traveling. the road was dusty and appeared to have been much traveled lately both by men and horses. these praries are very poor the soil is of a light yellow clay, intermixed with small smooth gravel, [4] and produces little else but prickly pears, and bearded grass about 3 inches high. the prickley pear are of three species that with a broad leaf common to the missouri ; that of a globular form also common to the upper pa[r]t of the Missouri and more especially after it enters the Rocky Mountains , also a 3rd peculiar to this country. [5] it consists of small circular thick leaves with a much greater number of thorns. these thorns are stronger and appear to be barbed. the leaves grow from the margins of each other as in the broad leafed pear of the missouri , but are so slightly attatched that when the thorn touches your mockerson it adhears and brings with it the leaf covered in every direction with many others. this is much the most troublesome plant of the three. we had not continued our rout more than a mile when we were so fortunate as to meet with three female savages. the short and steep ravines which we passed concealed us from each other untill we arrived within 30 paces. a young woman immediately took to flight, an Elderly woman and a girl of about 12 years old remained. I instantly laid by my gun and advanced towards them. they appeared much allarmed but saw that we were to near for them to escape by flight they therefore seated themselves on the ground, holding down their heads as if reconciled to die which the expected no doubt would be their fate; I took the elderly woman by the hand and raised her up repeated the word tab-ba-bone and strip up my shirt sleve to sew her my skin; to prove to her the truth of the ascertion that I was a white man for my face and hads which have been constantly exposed to the sun were quite as dark as their own. they appeared instantly reconciled, and the men coming up I gave these women some beads a few mockerson awls some pewter looking-glasses and a little paint. I directed Drewyer to request the old woman to recall the young woman who had run off to some distance by this time fearing she might allarm the camp before we approached and might so exasperate the natives that they would perhaps attack us without enquiring who we were. [6] the old woman did as she was requested and the fugitive soon returned almost out of breath. I bestoed an equvolent portion of trinket on her with the others. I now painted their tawny cheeks with some vermillion which with this nation is emblematic of peace. after they had become composed I informed them by signs that I wished them to conduct us to their camp that we wer anxious to become acquainted with the chiefs and warriors of their nation. they readily obeyed and we set out, still pursuing the road down the river. we had marched about 2 miles when we met a party of about 60 warriors mounted on excellent horses who came in nearly full speed, [7] when they arrived I advanced towards them with the flag leaving my gun with the party about 50 paces behid me. the chief and two others who were a little in advance of the main body spoke to the women, and they informed them who we were and exultingly shewed the presents which had been given them these men then advanced and embraced me very affectionately in their way which is by puting their left arm over you wright sholder clasping your back, while they apply their left cheek to yours and frequently vociforate the word âh-hi'-e, âh-hi'-e 
 [8] that is, I am much pleased, I am much rejoiced. bothe parties now advanced and we wer all carresed and besmeared with their grease and paint till I was heartily tired of the national hug. I now had the pipe lit and gave them smoke; they seated themselves in a circle around us and pulled of their mockersons before they would receive or smoke the pipe. this is a custom among them as I afterwards learned indicative of a sacred obligation of sincerity in their profession of friendship given by the act of receiving and smoking the pipe of a stranger. or which is as much as to say that they wish they may always go bearfoot if they are not sincere; a pretty heavy penalty if they are to march through the plains of their country. after smoking a few pipes with them I distributed some trifles among them, with which they seemed much pleased particularly with the blue beads and vermillion. I now informed the chief that the object of our visit was a friendly one, that after we should reach his camp I would undertake to explain to him fully those objects, who we wer, from whence we had come and wither we were going; that in the mean time I did not care how soon we were in motion, as the sun was very warm and no water at hand. they now put on their mockersons, and the principal chief Ca-me-âh-wait 
 [9] made a short speach to the warriors. I gave him the flag which I informed him was an emblem of peace among whitemen and now that it had been received by him it was to be respected as the bond of union between us. I desired him to march on, which did and we followed him; the dragoons moved on in squadron in our rear. after we had marched about a mile in this order he halted them ang gave a second harang; after which six or eight of the young men road forward to their encampment and no further regularity was observed in the order of march. I afterwards understood that the Indians we had first seen this morning had returned and allarmed the camp; these men had come out armed cap a pe [10] for action expecting to meet with their enemies the Minetares of Fort de Prarie whome they Call Pâh'-kees . [11] they were armed with b[o]ws arrow and Shield except three whom I observed with small pieces such as the N. W. Company furnish the naives with which they had obtained from the Rocky Mountain Indians [12] on the yellow stone river with whom they are at peace. on our arrival at their encampmen [13] on the river in a handsome level and fertile bottom at the distance of 4 Ms. from where we had first met them they introduced us to a londge made of willow brush and an old leather lodge which had been prepared for our reception by the young men which the chief had dispatched for that purpose. Here we were seated on green boughs and the skins of Antelopes. one of the warriors then pulled up the grass in the center of the lodge forming a smal circle of about 2 feet in diameter the chief next produced his pipe and native tobacco and began a long cerimony of the pipe when we were requested to take of our mockersons, the Chief having previously taken off his as well as all the warriors present. this we complyed with; the Chief then lit his pipe at the fire kindled in this little magic circle, and standing on the oposite side of the circle uttered a speach of several minutes in length at the conclusion of which he pointed the stem to the four cardinal points of the heavens first begining at the East and ending with the North. he now presented the pipe to me as if desirous that I should smoke, but when I reached my hand to receive it, he drew it back and repeated the same cremony three times, after which he pointed the stem first to the heavens then to the center of the magic circle smoked himself with three whifs and held the pipe untill I took as many as I thought proper; he then held it to each of the white persons and then gave it to be consumed by his warriors. this pipe was made of a dense simitransparent green stone [14] very highly polished about 2½ inches long and of an oval figure, the bowl being in the same direction with the stem. a small piece of birned clay is placed in the bottom of the bowl to seperate the tobacco from the end of the stem and is of an irregularly rounded figure not fiting the tube purfectly close in order that the smoke may pass. this is the form of the pipe. [15] their tobacco is of the same kind of these used by the Minnetares 
 Mandans and Ricares of the Missouri . [16] the Shoshonees do not cultivate this plant, but obtain it from the Rocky mountain Indians and some of the bands of their own nation who live further south. I now explained to them the objects of our journey &c. all the women and children of the camp were shortly collected about the lodge to indulge themselves with looking at us, we being the first white persons they had ever seen. after the cerimony of the pipe was over I distributed the remainder of the small articles I had brought with me among the women and children. by this time it was late in the evening and we had not taisted any food since the evening before. the Chief informed us that they had nothing but berries to eat and gave us some cakes of serviceberries and Choke cherries which had been dryed in the sun; of these I made a hearty meal, and then walked to the river, which I found about 40 yards wide very rapid clear and about 3 feet deep. the banks low and abrupt as those of the upper part of the Missouri , and the bed formed of loose stones and gravel. [17] 
 Cameahwait informed me that this stream discharged itself into another doubly as large at the distance of half a days march which came from the S. W. [18] but he added on further enquiry that there was but little more timber below the junction of those rivers than I saw here, and that the river was confined between inacessable mountains, was very rapid and rocky insomuch that it was impossible for us to pass either by land or water down this river to the great lake where the white men lived as he had been informed. this was unwelcome information but I still hoped that this account had been exagerated with a view to detain us among them. as to timber I could discover not any that would answer the purpose of constructing canoes or in short more than was bearly necessary for fuel consisting of the narrow leafed cottonwood and willow, also the red willow Choke Cherry [19] service berry and a few currant bushes such as were common on the Missouri . these people had been attacked by the Minetares of Fort de prarie this spring and about 20 of them killed and taken prisoners. on this occasion they lost a great part of their horses and all their lodges except that which they had erected for our accomodation; they were now living in lodges of a conic figure made of willow brush. I still observe a great number of horses feeding in every direction around their camp and therefore entertain but little doubt but we shall be enable to furnish ourselves with an adiquate number to transport our stores even if we are compelled to travel by land over these mountains. on my return to my lodge an indian called me in to his bower and gave me a small morsel of the flesh of an antelope boiled, and a peice of a fresh salmon roasted; [20] both which I eat with a very good relish. this was the first salmon I had seen and perfectly convinced me that we were on the waters of the Pacific Ocean . the course of this river is a little to the North of west as far as I can discover it; and is bounded on each side by a range of high Mountains. tho' those on the E. side are lowest and more distant from the river.— [21] 
 Shoshone Smoking-pipe, August 13, 1805, Codex F, p. 99
 (American Philosophical Society library, 
 used with permission.) 
This evening the Indians entertained us with their dancing nearly all night. at 12 O'Ck. I grew sleepy and retired to rest leaving the men to amuse themselves with the Indians. I observe no essential difference between the music and manner of dancing among this nation and those of the Missouri . I was several times awoke in the course of the night by their yells but was too much fortiegued to be deprived of a tolerable sound night's repose. 
This morning Capt Clark set out early having previously dispatched some hunters ahead. it was cool and cloudy all the forepart of the day. at 8 A. M. they had a slight rain. they passed a number of shoals over which they were obliged to drag the canoes; the men in the water ¾ths of the day, the[y] passed a bold runing stream 7 yds. wide on the Lard. side just below a high point of Limestone rocks. this stream we call McNeal's Creek after Hugh McNeal one of our party. [22] this creek heads in the Mountains to the East and forms a handsome valley for some miles between the mountains. from the top of this limestone Clift above the creek The beaver's head boar N 24° E. 12 Ms. the course of Wisdom river or that which the opening of it's valley makes through the mountains is N. 25 W. to the gap through which Jefferson's river enters the mountains above is S 18° W 10 M. they killed one deer only today. saw a number of Otter some beaver Antelopes ducks gees and Crains. they caught a number of fine trout as they have every day since I left them. they encamped on Lrd. in a smooth level prarie near a few cottonwood trees, [23] but were obliged to make use of the dry willow brush for fuel.— 
Courses and distances travelled by Capt. Clark .
 August 13th 1805. 
 South 
 1 
 to a point of rocks about 70 feet high on Stard. distance by
water 4 Mt passing the head of the Island. at 2½ Ms. opposite
to which we encamped last evening. also the entrance of a
bold Creek 7 Yds. wide on Lard. behind an Isld. this we
called McNeal's Creek , after Hugh McNeal of our party.— 
 S. 30° W. 
 4 
 to a Clift of high rocks on the Stard. side distance by water
12 M. passing several islds. and bayous on either side the
river very crooked and bends short. 
 Miles 
 5

[Clark]
August 13th Tuesday 1805 
a verry Cool morning the Thermometer Stood at 52 a 0 all the fore part of the day. Cloudy at 8 oClock a mist of rain we proceeded on passed inumerable Sholes obliged to haul the boat ¾ of the Day over the Shole water. passed the mouth of a bold running Stream 7 yards wide on the Lard Side below a high Point of Limestone rocks on the Stard Side this Creek heads in the mountains to the easte and forms a Vallie between two mountains. Call this stream McNeal Creek From the top of this rock the— 
 Point of the Beaver head hill bears 
 N. 24° E 12 ms. 
 The Course of the Wisdom river is— 
 N. 25° W. 
 The gap at the place the river passes thro' a mountain
in advance is— 
S. 18° W. 10 ms. 
proceeded on and Encamped on the Lard side no wood except dry willows and them Small, one Deer killed to day. The river obliges the men to undergo great fatigue and labour in hauling the Canoes over the Sholes in the Cold water naked.

======== 1805-08-14  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-08-14 ========

[Lewis]
Wednesday August 14th 
In order to give Capt. Clark time to reach the forks of Jefferson's river I concluded to spend this day at the Shoshone Camp and obtain what information I could with rispect to the country. as we had nothing but a little flour and parched meal to eat except the berries with which the Indians furnished us I directed Drewyer and Shields to hunt a few hours and try to kill something, the Indians furnished them with horses and most of their young men also turned out to hunt. the game which they principally hunt is the Antelope which they pursue on horseback and shoot with their arrows. this animal is so extreemly fleet and dureable that a single horse has no possible chance to overtake them or run them down. the Indians are therefore obliged to have recorce to strategem when they discover a herd of the Antelope they seperate and scatter themselves to the distance of five or six miles in different directions arround them generally scelecting some commanding eminence for a stand; some one or two now pursue the herd at full speed over the hills vallies gullies and the sides of precipices that are tremendious to view. thus after runing them from five to six or seven miles the fresh horses that were in waiting head them and drive them back persuing them as far or perhaps further quite to the other extreem of the hunters who now in turn pursue on their fresh horses thus 〈finally〉 worrying the poor animal down and finally killing them with their arrows. forty or fifty hunters will be engaged for half a day in this manner and perhaps not kill more than two or three Antelopes. they have but few Elk or black tailed deer, and the common red deer they cannot take as they secrete themselves in the brush when pursued, and they have only the bow and arrow wich is a very slender dependence for killing any game except such as they can run down with their horses. I was very much entertained with a view of this indian chase; it was after a herd of about 10 Antelope and about 20 hunters. it lasted about 2 hours and considerable part of the chase in view from my tent. about 1 A. M. the hunters returned had not killed a single Antelope, and their horses foaming with sweat. my hunters returned soon after and had been equally unsuccessfull. I now directed McNeal to make me a little paist with the flour and added some berries to it which I found very pallateable. 
The means I had of communicating with these people was by way of Drewyer who understood perfectly the common language of jesticulation or signs which seems to be universally understood by all the Nations we have yet seen. [1] it is true that this language is imperfect and liable to error but is much less so than would be expected. [2] the strong parts of the ideas are seldom mistaken. 
I now prevailed on the Chief to instruct me with rispect to the geography of his country. this he undertook very cheerfully, by delienating the rivers on the ground. but I soon found that his information fell far short of my expectation or wishes. he drew the river on which we now are to which he placed two branches just above us, [3] which he shewed me from the openings of the mountains were in view; he next made it discharge itself into a large river which flowed from the S. W. about ten miles below us, [4] then continued this joint stream in the same direction of this valley or N. W. for one days march and then enclined it to the West for 2 more days march, here he placed a number of heeps of sand on each side which he informed me represented the vast mountains of rock eternally covered with snow through which the river passed. [5] that the perpendicular and even juting rocks so closely hemned in the river that there was no possibilyte of passing along the shore; that the bed of the river was obstructed by sharp pointed rocks and the rapidity of the stream such that the whole surface of the river was beat into perfect foam as far as the eye could reach. that the mountains were also inaccessible to man or horse. he said that this being the state of the country in that direction that himself nor none of his nation had ever been further down the river than these mountains. I then enquired the state of the country on either side of the river but he could not inform me. he said there was an old man of his nation a days march below who could probably give me some information of the country to the N. W. and refered me to an old man then present for that to the S. W.— the Chief further informed me that he had understood from the persed nosed Indians 
 [6] who inhabit this river below the rocky mountains that it ran a great way toward the seting sun and finally lost itself in a great lake of water which was illy taisted, and where the white men lived. I next commenced my enquiries of the old man to whom I had been refered for information relative the country S W. of us. this he depicted with horrors and obstructions scarcely inferior to that just mentioned. he informed me that the band of this nation to which he belonged resided at the distance of 20 days march from hence not far from the white people [7] with whom they traded for horses mules cloth metal beads and the shells which they woar as orniment being those of a species of perl oister. that the course to his relations was a little to the West of South. that in order to get to his relations the first seven days we should be obliged to climb over steep and rocky mountains where we could find no game to kill nor anything but roots such as a ferce and warlike nation lived on whom he called the broken mockersons 
 [8] or mockersons with holes , and said inhabited those mountains and lived like the bear of other countries among the rocks and fed on roots or the flesh of such horses as they could take or steel from those who passed through their country. that in passing this country the feet of our horses would be so much wounded with the stones many of them would give out. the next part of the rout was about 10 days through a dry and parched sandy desert [9] in which no food at this season for either man or horse, and in which we must suffer if not perish for the want of water. that the sun had now dryed up the little pools of water which exist through this desert plain in the spring season and had also scorched all the grass. that no animal inhabited this plain on which we could hope to subsist. that about the center of this plain a large river passed from S. E. to N. W. which was navigable but afforded neither Salmon nor timber. [10] that beyond this plain thee or four days march his relations lived in a country tolerable fertile and partially covered with timber on another large river which ran in the same direction of the former. [11] that this last discharged itself into a large river [12] on which many numerous nations lived with whom his relations were at war but whether this last discharged itself into the great lake or not he did not know. that from his relations it was yet a great distance to the great or stinking lake as they call the Ocean. that the way which such of his nation as had been to the Stinking lake traveled was up the river on which they lived and over to that on which the white people lived which last they knew discharged itself into the Ocean, and that this was the way which he would advise me to travel if I was determined to proceed to the Ocean but would advise me to put off the journey untill the next spring when he would conduct me. I thanked him for his information and advise and gave him a knife with which he appeared to be much gratifyed. from this narative I was convinced that the streams of which he had spoken as runing through the plains and that on which his relations lived were southern branches of the Columbia , heading with the rivers Apostles and Collorado , and that the rout he had pointed out was to the Vermillion Sea or gulph of Callifornia . [13] I therefore told him that this rout was more to the South than I wished to travel, and requested to know if there was no rout on the left of this river on which we now are, by means of which, I could intercept it below the mountains through which it passes; but he could not inform me of any except that of the barren plain which he said joined the mountain on that side and through which it was impossible for us to pass at this season even if we were fortunate enough to escape from the broken mockerson Indians . I now asked Cameahwait by what rout the Pierced nosed indians , who he informed me inhabited this river below the mountains, came over to the Missouri ; this he informed me was to the north, but added that the road was a very bad one as he had been informed by them and that they had suffered excessively with hunger on the rout being obliged to subsist for many days on berries alone as there was no game in that part of the mountains which were broken rockey and so thickly covered with timber that they could scarcely pass. however knowing that Indians had passed, and did pass, at this season on that side of this river to the same below the mountains, my rout was instantly settled in my own mind, povided the account of this river should prove true on an investigation of it, which I was determined should be made before we would undertake the rout by land in any direction. I felt perfectly satisfyed, that if the Indians could pass these mountains with their women and Children, that we could also pass them; and that if the nations on this river below the mountains were as numerous as they were stated to be that they must have some means of subsistence which it would be equally in our power to procure in the same country. they informed me that there was no buffaloe on the West side of these mountains; that the game consisted of a few Elk deer and Antelopes, and that the natives subsisted on fish and roots principally. in this manner I spent the day smoking with them and acquiring what information I could with respect to their country. they informed me that they could pass to the Spaniards by the way of the yellowstone river in 10 days. I can discover that these people are by no means friendly to the Spaniard their complaint is, that the Spaniards will not let them have fire arms and amunition, [14] that they put them off by telling them if they suffer them to have guns they will kill each other, thus leaving them defenceless and an easy prey to their bloodthirsty neighbours to the East of them, who being in possession of fire arms hunt them up and murder them without rispect to sex or age and plunder them of their horses on all occasions. they told me that to avoid their enemies who were eternally harrassing them that they were obliged to remain in the interior of these mountains at least two thirds of the year where the suffered as we then saw great heardships for the want of food sometimes living for weeks without meat and only a little fish roots and berries. but this added Cameahwait , with his ferce eyes and lank jaws grown meager for the want of food, would not be the case if we had guns, we could then live in the country of buffaloe and eat as our enimies do and not be compelled to hide ourselves in these mountains and live on roots and berries as the bear do. we do not fear our enimies when placed on an equal footing with them. I told them that the Minnetares 
 Mandans & Recares of the Missouri had promised us to desist from making war on them & that we would indevour to find the means of making the Minnetares of fort d Prarie or as they call them Pahkees desist from waging war against them also. that after our finally returning to our homes towards the rising sun whitemen would come to them with an abundance of guns and every other article necessary to their defence and comfort, and that they would be enabled to supply themselves with these articles on reasonable terms in exchange for the skins of the beaver Otter and Ermin [15] so abundant in their country. they expressed great pleasure at this information and said they had been long anxious to see the whitemen that traded guns; and that we might rest assured of their friendship and that they would do whatever we wished them. [16] 
I now told Cameahwait that I wished him to speak to his people and engage them to go with me tomorrow to the forks of Jeffersons river where our baggage was by this time arrived with another Chief and a large party of whitemen who would wait my return at that place. that I wish them to take with them about 30 spare horses to transport our baggage to this place where we would then remain sometime among them and trade with them for horses, and finally concert our future plans for geting on to the ocean and of the traid which would be extended to them after our return to our homes. he complyed with my request and made a lengthey harrangue to his village. he returned in about an hour and a half and informed me that they would be ready to accompany me in the morning. I promised to reward them for their trouble. Drewyer who had had a good view of their horses estimated them at 400. [17] most of them are fine horses. indeed many of them would make a figure on the South side of James River or the land of fine horses.— I saw several with spanish brands on them, and some mules which they informed me that they had also obtained from the Spaniards. I also saw a bridle bit of spanish manufactary, and sundry other articles which I have no doubt were obtained from the same source. notwithstanding the extreem poverty of those poor people they are very merry they danced again this evening untill midnight. each warrior keep one ore more horses tyed by a cord to a take near his lodge both day and night and are always prepared for action at a moments warning. they fight on horseback altogether. I observe that the large flies [18] are extreemly troublesome to the horses as well as ourselves. 
The morning being cold and the men stif and soar from the exertions of yesterday Capt. Clark did not set out this morning untill 7 A. M. the river was so crooked and rapid that they made but little way at one mile he passed a bold runing stream on Stard. which heads in a mountain to the North, on which there is snow. this we called track Creek . [19] it is 4 yard wide and 3 feet deep at 7 Ms. passed a stout stream which heads in some springs under the foot of the mountains on Lard. the river near the mountain they found one continued rapid, wich was extreemly laborious and difficult to ascend. this evening Charbono struck his indian Woman for which Capt. C. gave him a severe repremand. Joseph and Reubin Fields killed 4 deer and an Antelope, Capt. C. killed a buck. several of the men have lamed themselves by various accedents in working the canoes through this difficult part of the river, and Capt. C. was obliged personally to assist them in this labour. they encamped this evening on Lard. side near the rattlesnake Clift . [20] 
Courses and distances traveled by Capt. Clark .
 August 14th 1805. 
 S. 14° W. 
 7 
 to the gap of the mountain at the rattlesnake Clifts where the
river enters the mountains. the same being 16 miles by the
meanders of the river. the river cold shoally and one con-
tinued rapid throughout. passed a number of small Islands
and bayous on either side. passed bold running stream on
Stard. at 1 M. called track Creek . also another at 6 M. higher
up, on Lard. side and encamped on Lard. 2 Miles by water
short of the extremity of this course distance by land scarcely
½ a Mile 
 Miles 
 7

[Clark]
August 14th Wednesday 1805. 
a Cold morning wind from the S. W. The Thermometer Stood at 51° a 0, a Sunrise the morning being cold and men Stiff. I deturmined to delay & take brackfast at the place we Encamped. we Set out at 7 oClock and proceeded on river verry Crooked and rapid as below Some fiew trees on the borders near the mountain, passed a bold running Stream at 1 mile on the Stard. Side which heads in a mountain to the North on which there is Snow passed a bold running Stream on the Lard. Side which heads in a Spring undr. a mountain, the river near the mountain is one continued rapid, which requres great labour to push & haul the Canoes 〈over the〉 up. We Encamped on the Lard Side near the place the river passes thro' the mountain. I checked our interpreter for Strikeing his woman at their Dinner. 
The hunters Jo. & R. Fields killed 4 Deer & a antilope, I killed a fat Buck in the evening, Several men have hurt themselves pushing up the Canoes. I am oblige to a pole occasionally.

======== 1805-08-18  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-08-18 ========

[Lewis]
Sunday August 18th 1805. 
This morning while Capt Clark was busily engaged in preparing for his rout, I exposed some articles to barter with the Indians for horses as I wished a few at this moment to releive the men who were going with Capt Clark from the labour of carrying their baggage and also one to keep here in order to pack the meat to camp which the hunters might kill. I soon obtained three very good horses for which I gave an uniform coat, a pair of legings, a few handkerchiefs, three knives and some other small articles the whole of which did not cost more than about 20$ in the U' States. the Indians seemed quite as well pleased with their bargin as I was. the men also purchased one for an old checked shirt a pair of old legings and a knife. two of those I purchased Capt. C. took on with him. at 10 A. M. Capt. Clark departed with his detatchment and all the Indians except 2 men and 2 women who remained with us. Two of the inferior chiefs were a little displeased at not having received a present equivolent to that given the first Chief. to releive this difficulty Capt. Clark bestoed a couple of his old coats on them and I promised that if they wer active in assisting me over the mountains with horses that I would give them an additional present; this seemed perfectly to satisfy them and they all set out in a good humour. Capt. Clark encamped this evening near the narrow pass between the hills on Jefferson's river in the Shoshone Cove . [1] his hunters killed one deer which the party with the aid of the Indians readily consumed in the course of the evening.— after there departure this morning I had all the stores and baggage of every discription opened and aired. and began the operation of forming the packages in proper parsels for the purpose of transporting them on horseback. the rain in the evening compelled me to desist from my operations. I had the raw hides put in the water in order to cut them in throngs proper for lashing the packages and forming the necessary geer for pack horses, a business which I fortunately had not to learn on this occasion. Drewyer Killed one deer this evening. a beaver was also caught by one of the party. I had the net arranged and set this evening to catch some trout which we could see in great abundance at the bottom of the river. This day I completed my thirty first year, and conceived that I had in all human probability now existed about half the period which I am to remain in this Sublunary world. I reflected that I had as yet done but little, very little indeed, to further the hapiness of the human race, or to advance the information of the succeeding generation. I viewed with regret the many hours I have spent in indolence, and now soarly feel the want of that information which those hours would have given me had they been judiciously expended. but since they are past and cannot be recalled, I dash from me the gloomy thought and resolved in future, to redouble my exertions and at least indeavour to promote those two primary objects of human existence, by giving them the aid of that portion of talents which nature and fortune have bestoed on me; or in future, to live for mankind, as I have heretofore lived for myself.—

[Clark]
August 18th Sunday 1805
Purchased of the Indians three horses for which we gave a Chiefs Coat Some Handkerchiefs a Shirt Legins & a fiew arrow points &c. I gave two of my coats to two of the under Chiefs who appeared not well Satisfied that the first Chief was dressed so much finer than themselves. at 10 oClock I Set out accompanied by the Indians except 3 the interpreter and wife , the fore part of the day worm, at 12 oClock it became hasey with a mist of rain wind hard from the S. W. and Cold which increased untill night the rain Seased in about two hours. We proceeded on thro' a wide leavel vallie without wood except willows & Srubs for 15 miles and Encamped at a place the high lands approach within 200 yards in 2 points the River here only 10 yards wide Several Small Streams branching out on each Side below. all the Indians proceeded on except the 3 Chiefs & two young men. my hunters killed two Deer which we eate. The Course from the forks is West 9 miles N. 60° W. 6 miles. The Latd. of the forks agreeable to observations is 43° 30' 43" North— [ EC: actually about 45° ]

======== 1805-08-19  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-08-19 ========

[Lewis]
Monday August 19th 1805. 
This morning I arrose at dylight and sent out three hunters. some of the men who were much in want of legings and mockersons I suffered to dress some skins. the others I employed in repacking the baggage, making pack saddles &c. we took up the net this morning but caugt no fish. one beaver was caught in a trap. the frost which perfectly whitened the grass this morning had a singular appearance to me at this season. this evening I made a few of the men construct a sein of willow brush which we hawled and caught a large number of fine trout and a kind of mullet [1] about 16 Inhes long which I had not seen before. the scales are small, the nose is long and obtusely pointed and exceedes the under jaw. the mouth is not large but opens with foalds at the sides, the colour of it's back and sides is of a bluish brown and belley white; it has the faggot bones, from which I have supposed it to be of the mullet kind. the tongue and pallate are smooth and it has no teeth. it is by no means as good as the trout. the trout [2] are the same which I first met with at the falls of the Missouri , they are larger than the speckled trout of our mountains and equally as well flavored.— The hunters returned this evening with two deer. from what has 〈already〉 been said of the Shoshones it will be readily perceived that they live in a wretched stait of poverty. yet notwithstanding their extreem poverty they are not only cheerfull but even gay, fond of gaudy dress and amusements; like most other Indians they are great egotists and frequently boast of heroic acts which they never performed. they are also fond of games of wrisk. they are frank, communicative, fair in dealing, generous with the little they possess, extreemly honest, and by no means beggarly. each individual is his own sovereign master, and acts from the dictates of his own mind; the authority of the Cheif being nothing more than mere admonition supported by the influence which the propiety of his own exammplery conduct may have acquired him in the minds of the individuals who composed the band. the title of cheif is not hereditary, nor can I learn that there is any cerimony of instalment, or other epoh in the life of a Cheif from which his title as such can be dated. in fact every man is a chief, but all have not an equal influence on the minds of the other members of the community, and he who happens to enjoy the greatest share of confidence is the principal Chief. The Shoshones may be estimated as about 100 warriors, and about three times that number of woomen and children. they have more children among them than I expected to have seen among a people who procure subsistence with such difficulty. there are but few very old persons, nor did they appear to treat those with much tenderness or rispect. The man is the sole propryetor of his wives and daughters, and can barter or dispose of either as he thinks proper. a plurality of wives is common among them, but these are not generally sisters as with the Minetares & Mandans but are purchased of different fathers. The father frequently disposes of his infant daughters in marriage to men who are grown or to men who have sons for whom they think proper to provide wives. the compensation given in such cases usually consists of horses or mules which the father receives at the time of contract and converts to his own uce. the girl remains with her parents untill she is conceived to have obtained the age of puberty which with them is considered to be about the age of 13 or 14 years. the female at this age is surrendered to her sovereign lord and husband agreeably to contract, and with her is frequently restored by the father quite as much as he received in the first instance in payment for his daughter; but this is discretionary with the father. Sah-car-gar-we-ah had been thus disposed of before she was taken by the Minnetares , or had arrived to the years of puberty. the husband was yet living and with this band. he was more than double her age and had two other wives. he claimed her as his wife but said that as she had had a child by another man, who was Charbono , that he did not want her. They seldom correct their children particularly the boys who soon become masters of their own acts. they give as a reason that it cows and breaks the Sperit of the boy to whip him, and that he never recovers his independence of mind after he is grown. They treat their women but with little rispect, and compel them to perform every species of drudgery. they collect the wild fruits and roots, attend to the horses or assist in that duty cook dreess the skins and make all their apparal, collect wood and make their fires, arrange and form their lodges, and when they travel pack the horses and take charge of all the baggage; in short the man dose little else except attend his horses hunt and fish. the man considers himself degraded if he is compelled to walk any distance, and if he is so unfortunately poor as only to possess two horses he rides the best himself and leavs the woman or women if he has more than one, to transport their baggage and children on the other, and to walk if the horse is unable to carry the additional weight of their persons— the chastity of their women is not held in high estimation, and the husband will for a trifle barter the companion of his bead for a night or longer if he conceives the reward adiquate; tho' they are not so importunate that we should caress their women as the siouxs were and some of their women appear to be held more sacred than in any nation we have seen I have requested the men to give them no cause of jealousy by having connection with their women without their knowledge, which with them strange as it may seem is considered as disgracefull to the husband as clandestine connections of a similar kind are among civilized nations. to prevent this mutual exchange of good officies altogether I know it impossible to effect, particularly on the part of our young men whom some months abstanence have made very polite to those tawney damsels. no evil has yet resulted and I hope will not from these connections.— notwithstanding the late loss of horses which this people sustained by the Minnetares the stock of the band may be very safetly estimated at seven hundred of which they are perhaps about 40 coalts and half that number of mules.— these people are deminutive in stature, thick ankles, crooked legs, thick flat feet and in short but illy formed, at least much more so in general than any nation of Indians I ever saw. their complexion is much that of the Siouxs or darker than the Minnetares 
 mandands or Shawnees . generally both men and women wear their hair in a loos lank flow over the sholders and face; tho' I observed some few men who confined their hair in two equal cues hanging over each ear and drawnn in front of the body. the cue is formed with throngs of dressed lather or Otterskin aternately crossing each other. at present most of them have cut short in the neck in consequence of the loss of their relations by the Minnetares . Cameahwait has his cut close all over his head. this constitutes their cerimony of morning for their deceased relations. the dress of the men consists of a robe long legings, shirt, tippet and Mockersons, that of the women is also a robe, chemise, and Mockersons; sometimes they make use of short legings. the ornements of both men and women are very similar, and consist of several species of sea shells, blue and white beads, bras and Iron arm bands, plaited cords of the sweet grass, and collars of leather ornamented with the quills of the porcupine dyed of various colours among which I observed the red, yellow, blue, and black. the ear is purforated in the lower part to receive various ornaments but the nose is not, nor is the ear lasserated or disvigored for this purpose as among many nations. the men never mark their skins by birning, cuting, nor puncturing and introducing a colouring matter as many nations do. there women sometimes puncture a small circle on their forehead nose or cheeks and thus introduce a black matter usually soot and grease which leaves an indelible stane. tho' this even is by no means common. their arms offensive and defensive consist in the bow and arrows sheild, some lances, and a weapon called by the Cippeways who formerly used it, the pog-gar'-mag-gon'. [3] in fishing they employ wairs, gigs, and fishing hooks. the salmon is the principal object of their pursuit. they snair wolves and foxes. I was anxious to learn whether these people had the venerial, and made the enquiry through the intrepreter and his wife ; the information was that they sometimes had it but I could not learn their remedy; they most usually die with it's effects. this seems a strong proof that these disorders bothe gonaroehah and Louis venerae are naive disorders of America. tho' hese people have suffered much by the small pox which is known to be imported and perhaps those other disorders might have been contracted from other indian tribes who by a round of communication might have obtained from the Europeans since it was introduced into that quarter of the globe. but so much detatched on the other had from all communication with the whites that I think it most probable that those disorders are original with them. [4] from the middle of May to the firt of September these people reside on the waters of the Columbia where they consider themselves in perfect security from their enimies as they have not as yet ever found their way to this retreat; during this season the salmon furnish the principal part of their subsistence and as this firsh either perishes or returns about the 1st of September they are compelled at this season in surch of subsistence to resort to the Missouri , in the vallies of which, there is more game even within the mountains. here they move slowly down the river in order to collect and join other bands either of their own nation or the Flatheads , and having become sufficiently strong as they conceive venture on the Eastern side of the Rockey mountains into the plains, where the buffaloe abound. but they never leave the interior of the mountains while they can obtain a scanty subsistence, and always return as soon as they have acquired a good stock of dryed meat in the plains; when this stock is consumed they venture again into the plains; thus alternately obtaining their food at the risk of their lives and retiring to the mountains, while they consume it.— These people are now on the eve of their departure for the Missouri , and inform us that they expect to be joined at or about the three forks by several bands of their own nation, and a band of the Flatheads . as I am now two busily engaged to enter at once into a minute discription of the several articles which compose their dress, impliments of war hunting fishing &c I shall pursue them at my leasure in the order they have here occurred to my mind, and have been mentioned. This morning capt. Clark continued his rout with his party, the Indians accompanying him as yesterday; he was obliged to feed them. nothing remarkable happened during the day. he was met by an Indian with two mules on this side of the dividing ridge at the foot of the mountain, the Indian had the politeness to offer Capt. C. one of his mules to ride as he was on foot, which he accepted and gave the fellow a waistcoat as a reward for his politeness. in the evening he reached the creek on this side of the Indian camp and halted for the night. [5] his hunters killed nothing today. The Indians value their mules very highly. [6] a good mule can not be obtained for less than three and sometimes four horses, and the most indifferent are rates at two horses. their mules generally are the finest I ever saw without any comparison.— today I observed time and distance of ☉'s and ☽'s nearest limbs with sextant ☉ East. it being the 
 Point of Observation No. 43. 
 Time 
 Distance 
 h m s 
 A.M. 
 11 37 11 
 65° 53' 15" 
 " 39 50 
 " 52 — 
 " 44 15 
 " 50 45 
 " 46 18 
 " 49 — 
 Time 
 Distance 
 h m s 
 A. M. 
 11 51 37 
 65° 47' 15" 
 " 54 43 
 " 45 30 
 " 55 53 
 " 44 15 
 " 57 40 
 " 43 30 
 " 59 30 
 " 42 30 
Observed Meridian Altitude of ☉'s L. L. with Octant by the back observation 69° 15' " 
Latitude deduced from this observation N. 44° 37' 57.4"

[Clark]
August 19th Monday 1805 
A verry Cold morning Frost to be Seen we Set out at 7 oClock and proceeded on thro a wide leavel Vallie the Chief Shew me the place that a number of his nation was killed about 1 years past [7] this Vallie [ X: whiet vallie ] Continues 5 miles & then becoms narrow, the beaver has Damed up the River in maney places we proceeded on up the main branch with a gradial assent to the head and passed over a low mountain and Decended a Steep Decent to a butifull Stream, passed over a Second hill of a verry Steep assent & thro' a hilly Countrey for 8 miles an Encamped on a Small Stream the Indians with us we wer oblige to feed— one man met me with a mule & Spanish Saddle to ride, I gave him a wistoat [waistcoat] a mule is considered a of great value among those people we proceeded on over a verry mountanious Countrey across the head of hollows & Springs 〈and encamped〉

======== 1805-08-20  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-08-20 ========

[Lewis]
Tuesday August 20th 1805. 
This morning I sent out the two hunters and employed the ballance of the party pretty much as yesterday. I walked down the river about ¾ of a mile and scelected a place near the river bank unperceived by the Indians for a cash, which I set three men to make, and directed the centinel to discharge his gun if he pereceived any of the Indians going down in that direction which was to be the signal for the men at work on the cash to desist and seperate, least these people should discover our deposit and rob us of the baggage we intend leaving here. by evening the cash was completed unperceived by the Indians, and all our packages made up. the Pack-saddles and harnes is not yet complete. in this operation we find ourselves at a loss for nails and boards; for the first we substitute throngs of raw hide which answer verry well, and for the last to cut off the blades of our oars and use the plank of some boxes which have heretofore held other articles and put those articles into sacks of raw hide which I have had made for the purpose. by this means I have obtained as many boards as will make 20 saddles which I supposed will be sufficient for our present exegencies. The Indians with us behave themselves extreemly well; the women have been busily engaged all day making and mending the mockersons of our party. In the evening the hunters returned unsuccessful. Drewyer went in search of his trap which a beaver had taken off last night; he found the beaver dead with the trap to his foot about 2 miles below the place he had set it. this beaver constituted the whole of the game taken today. the fur of this animal is as good as I ever saw any, and beleive that they are never out of season on the upper part of the Missouri and it's branches within the Mountains. Goodrich caught several douzen fine trout today. I made up a small assortment of medicines, together with the specemines of plants, minerals, seeds &c. which, I have collected betwen this place and the falls of the Missouri which I shall deposit here. the robe woarn by the Shoshonees is the same in both sexes and is loosly thrown about their sholders, and the sides at pleasure either hanging loose or drawn together with the hands, sometimes if the weather is cold they confine it with a girdel arround the waist; they are generally about the size of a 2½ point blanket [1] for a grown persons and reach as low as the middle of the leg. this robe forms a garment in the day and constitutes their only covering at night. with these people the robe is formed most commonly of the skins of Antelope, Bighorn, or deer, dressed with the hair on, tho' they prefer the buffaloe when they can procure them. I have also observed some robes among them of beaver, moonax, [2] and small wolves. the summer robes of both sexes are also frequently made of the Elk's skin dressed without the hair. The shirt of the men is really a commodious and decent garment. it roomy and reaches nearly half way the thye, there is no collar, the apperture being sufficiently large to admit the head and is left square at top, or most frequently, both before and behind terminate in the tails of the animals which they are made and which foald outwards being frequently left entire or somtimes cut into a fring on the edges and ornimented with the quills of the Porcupine. [3] the sides of the shirt are sewed deeply fringed, and ornamented in a similar manner from the bottom upwards, within six or eight inches of the sleve from whence it is left open as well as the sleve on it's under side to the elbow nearly. from the elbow the sleve fits the arm tight as low as the wrist and is not ornimented with a fringe as the sides and under parts of the sleve are above the elbow. the sholder straps are wide and on them is generally displayed the taste of the manufacterer in a variety of figures wrought with the quills of the porcupine of several colours; beads when they have them are also displayed on this part. the tail of the shirt is left in the form which the fore legs and neck give it with the addition of a slight fringe. the hair is usually left on the tail, & near the hoofs of the animal; part of the hoof is also retained to the skin and is split into a fring by way of orniment. these shirts are generally made of deer's Antelope's, Bighorn's, or Elk's skins dressed without the hair. the Elk skin is less used for this purpose than either of the others. their only thread used on this or any other occasion is the sinews taken from the back and loins of the deer Elk buffaloe &c. Their legings are most usually formed of the skins of the Antelope dressed without the hair. in the men they are very long and full each leging being formed of a skin nearly entire. the legs, tail and neck are also left on these, and the tail woarn upwards; and the neck deeply fringed and ornimented with porcupine qulls drags or trails on the ground behind the heel. the skin is sewn in such manner as to fit the leg and thye closely; the upper part being left open a sufficient distance to permit the legs of the skin to be dran underneath a girdle both before and behind, and the wide part of the skin to cover the buttock and lap before in such manner that the breechcloth is unnecessary. they are much more decent in concealing those parts than any nation on the Missouri the sides of the legings are also deeply fringed and ornimented. sometimes this part is ornimented with little fassicles of the hair of an enimy whom they have slain in battle. The tippet of the Snake Indians is the most eligant peice of Indian dress I ever saw, the neck or collar of this is formed of a strip of dressed Otter skin with the fur. it is about four or five inches wide and is cut out of the back of the skin the nose and eyes forming one extremity and the tail the other. beginning a little behind the ear of the animal at one edge of this collar and proceeding towards the tail, they attatch from one to two hundred and fifty little roles of Ermin skin formed in the following manner. the skin is first dressed with the fur on it and a narrow strip is cut out of the back of the skin reaching from the nose and imbracing the tail. this is sewed arround a small cord of the silk-grass [4] twisted for the purpose and regularly tapering in such manner as to give it ajust proportion to the tail which is to form the lower extremity of the stran. thus arranged they are confined at the upper point in little bundles of two—three, or more as the disign may be to make them more full; these are then attatched to the collars as before mentioned, and to conceal the connection of this part which would otherwise have a course appearance they attatch a broad fringe of the Ermin skin to the collar overlaying that part. little bundles of fine fringe of the same materials is fastened to the extremity of the tails in order to shew their black extremities to greater advantage. the center of the otterskin collar is also ornamented with the shells of the perl oister. the collar is confined arond the neck and the little roles of Ermin skin about the size of a large quill covers the solders and body nearly to the waist and has the appearance of a short cloak and is really handsome. these they esteem very highly, and give or dispose of only on important occasions. the ermin whic is known to the traiders of the N. W. by the name of the white weasel is the genuine ermine, and might no doubt be turned to great advantage by those people if they would encourage the Indians to take them. they are no doubt extreemly plenty and readily taken, from the number of these tippets which I have seen among these people and the great number of skins employed in the construction of each timppet. scarcely any of them have employed less than one hundred of these skins in their formation.— [5] This morning Capt. Clark set out at 6 in the morning and soon after arrived near their camp they having removed about 2 miles higher up the river than the camp at which they were when I first visited them. the chief requested a halt, which was complyed with, and a number of the indians came out from the village and joined them after smoking a few pipes with them they all proceeded to the village where Capt C. was conducted to a large lodge prepared in the center of the encampment for himself and party. here they gave him one salmon and some cakes of dryed berries. he now repeated to them what had been said to them in council at this place which was repeated to the village by the Cheif. when he had concluded this address he requested a guide to accompany him down the river and an elderly man was pointed out by the Cheif who consented to undertake this task. [6] this was the old man of whom Cameahwait had spoken as a person well acquainted with the country to the North of this river. Capt. C. [ WC?: he had Conversations ] [7] encouraged the Indians to come over with their horses and assist me over with the baggage. he distributed some presents among the Indians. about half the men of the village turned out to hunt the antelope but were unsuccessfull. at 3 P. M. Capt. Clark departed, accompanyed by his guide and party except one man [8] whom he left with orders to purchase a horse if possible and overtake him as soon as he could. he left Charbono and the indian woman to return to my camp with the Indians. he passed the river about four miles below the Indians, and encamped on a small branch, eight miles distant. [9] on his way he met a rispectable looking indian who returned and continued with him all night; this indian gave them three salmon. Capt. C. killed a cock of the plains or mountain cock. it was of a dark brown colour with a long and pointed tail larger than the dunghill fowl and had a fleshey protuberant substance about the base of the upper chap, something like that of the turkey tho' without the snout. [10] 
This day I observed time and distance of ☉'s and ☽'s nearest Limbs with Sextant. ☉ East. 
 Time 
 Distance 
 h m s 
 A. M. 
 8 16 0 
 53° 35' 30 
 " 18 36 
 " 33 30 
 " 21 37 
 " 31 45 
 " 23 12 
 " 31 30 
 " 25 — 
 " 30 45 
 " 27 32 
 " 29 30 
 " 29 5 
 " 29 — 
 " 30 11 
 " 28 45 
 Time 
 Distance 
 h m s 
 A. M. 
 8 33 29 
 53° 27' 45" 
 " 34 14 
 " 27 30 
 " 35 31 
 " 27 — 
 " 36 43 
 " 26 45 
 " 37 12 
 " 26 — 
 " 39 20 
 " 25 15 
 " 40 32 
 " 25 — 
Longitude deduced from this observation West of Greenwich [ blank ] 
Latitude N. deduced from the Hor. ∠ of the P. M. Observation of ☉'s center 44° 33' 50.5" 
Observed Equal Altitudes with Sextant of the Sun. 
 h m s 
 h m s 
 A. M. 
 8 45 30 
 P.M. 
 3 55 40 
 } 
 Altitude by Sextant
at the time of observtn.
68° 30' " 
 " 47 4 
 " 57 16 
 " 49 40 
 " 58 50 
Observed Meridian Altitude of ☉'s L. L. with Octant by the back observation 70° ' " 
Latitude deduced from this observation N. 44° 39' 43"

[Clark]
" So-So-ne " the Snake Indians 
August 20th Tuesday 1805 [11] 
Set out at half past 6 oClock and proceeded on (met maney parties of Indians) thro' a hilley Countrey to the Camp of the Indians on a branch of the Columbia River , [12] before we entered this Camp a Serimonious hault was requested by the Chief and I Smoked with all that Came around for Several pipes, we then proceeded on to the Camp & I was introduced into the only Lodge they had which was pitched in the Center for my party all the other Lodges made of bushes, after a fiew Indian Seremonies I informed the Indians the object of our journey our good intention towards them my consern for their distressed Situation, what we had done for them in makeing a piece with the 
 Minitarras 
 Mandans 
 Rickara 
 &c. for them—. and requested them all to take over their horses & assist Capt Leiwis across &c. also informing them the oject of my journey down the river and requested a 〈pilot〉 guide accompany me, all of which was repeited by the Chief to the whole village. 
Those pore people Could only raise a Sammon & a little dried Choke Cherris for us half the men of the tribe with the Chief turned out to hunt the antilopes, at 3 oClock after giveing a fiew Small articles as presents I set out accompanied by an old man as a 〈pilot〉 Guide (I endevered to procure as much information from thos people as possible without much Suckcess they being but little acquainted or effecting to be So—[)] I lef one man to purchase a horse and overtake me and proceeded on thro a wide rich bottom on a beaten Roade 8 miles Crossed the river and encamped on a Small run, this evening passed a number of old lodges, and met a number of men women children & horses, met a man who appeared of Some Consideration who turned back with us, he halted a woman & gave us 3 Small Sammon, this man continued with me all night and partook of what I had which was a little Pork verry Salt. Those Indians are verry attentive to Strangers &c. I left our interpreter & his woman to accompany the Indians to Capt Lewis tomorrow the Day they informed me they would Set out I killed a Pheasent at the Indian Camp larger than a dungal [dunghill] fowl with feshey protuberances about the head like a turkey. Frost last night

======== 1805-09-16  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-16 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 16th Satturday 1805 
Course &c. 
 S. 75° W 
 13 
 miles over the mountain passing emince Dificuelt Knobs
Stones much falling timber and emencely Steep with great
dificulty we proseeded on. The Snow began to fall about 3
hours before Day and Contd. all day. I found great dificulty
in finding the road in the evining as the Snow had fallen from
6 to 8 Inches deep, verry Cold and the pine which in maney
places verry thick So covered with Snow, as in passing I be-
came wet discover 8 distinct kinds of pine on those moun-
tains We Encamped on a Small branch running to the right.
Killed a Coalt & [eate it] [1] 
 13 
On the Lolo Trail , Idaho , September 13–16, 1805,
Elkskin-bound Journal
 Missouri Historical Society

[Clark]
Saturday [NB: Monday] Septr. 16th 1805 
began to Snow about 3 hours before Day and Continud. all day the Snow in The morning 4 Inches deep on The old Snow, and by night we found it from 6 to 8 Inches deep I walked in front to keep the road and found great dificuelty in keeping it as in maney places the Snow had entirely filled up the track, and obliged me to hunt Several minits for the track at 12 oClock we halted on the top of the mountain [2] to worm & dry our Selves a little as well as to let our horses rest and graze a little on Some long grass which I observed, (on) The South 〈Knobs〉 Steep hills Side & falling timber Continue to day, and a thickly timbered Countrey of 8 different kinds of pine, [3] which are So covered with Snow, that in passing thro them we are continually covered with Snow, I have been wet and as cold in every part as I ever was in my life, indeed I was at one time fearfull my feet would freeze in the thin mockersons which I wore, after a Short delay in the middle of the Day, I took one man and proceeded on as fast as I could about 6 miles to a Small branch passing to the right, halted and built fires for the party agains their arrival which was at Dusk verry cold and much fatigued we Encamped at this Branch in a thickly timbered bottom which was Scercely large enough for us to lie leavil, [4] men all wet cold and hungary. Killed a Second Colt which we all Suped hartily on and thought it fine meat. 
I saw 4 Black tail Deer to day before we Set out which came up the mountain and what is Singular Snaped 7 tims at a large buck. it is Singular as my gun has a Steel frisen [5] and never Snaped 7 times before in examining her found the flint loose to describe the road of this day would be a repitition of yesterday excpt the Snow which made it much wors to proseed as we had in maney places to derect our Selves by the appearance of the rubbings of the Packs [6] against the trees which have limbs quiet low and bending downwards

======== 1805-09-18  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-18 ========

[Lewis]
Wednesday September 18th 1805. 
 [1] 
 Cap Clark set out this morning to go a head with six hunters. [2] there being no game in these mountains we concluded it would be better for one of us to take the hunters and hurry on to the leavel country a head and there hunt and provide some provision 〈for〉 while the other remained with and brought on the party the latter of these was my part; accordingly I directed the horses to be gotten up early being determined to force my march as much as the abilities of our horses would permit. the negligence of one of the party Willard who had a spare horse 〈in〉 not attending to him and bringing him up last evening was the cause of our detention this morning untill ½ after 8 A M when we set out. I sent Willard back to serch for his horse, and proceeded on with the party at four in the evening he overtook us without the horse, we marched 18 miles this day and encamped on the side of a steep mountain; [3] we suffered for water this day passing one rivulet only; we wer fortunate in finding water in a steep raviene about ½ maile from our camp. this morning we finished the remainder of our last coult. we dined & suped on a skant proportion of portable soupe, [4] a few canesters of which, a little bears oil and about 20 lbs. of candles form our stock of provision, the only resources being our guns & packhorses. the first is but a poor dependance in our present situation where there is nothing upon earth exept ourselves and a few small pheasants, small grey Squirrels, and a blue bird of the vulter kind about the size of a turtle dove or jay bird. [5] our rout lay along the ridge of a high mountain course S. 20 W. 18 m. used the snow for cooking.— 
On the Lolo Trail , Idaho , September 16–18, 1805,
Elkskin-bound Journal
 Missouri Historical Society 
[Clark] [6] 
 Course Distance 18th Septr. 1805 Monday 
 S 85 W 
 32 [7] 
 miles nearly I proceeded on with the hunters to a Creek
running from the right which I call hungary Creek as we have
nothing to eate passed a run & Several Springs which pass to
the right, Keep on a Dividg ridge & Crossed Several high and
Steep Knobs a great quantity of falling timber at 20 miles I
beheld a wide and extencive vallie in a West & S W Direction
about [ blank ] miles. a high mountain beyond Drewyer shot
at a Deer we did not get it. Killed nothing in those emence
mountains of stones falling timber & brush

[Clark]
Monday [NB: Wednesday] 18th Septr. 1805 
 [8] 
[ WC: The want of provisions together with the dificuely of passing those emence mountains dampened the Spirits of the party which induced us to resort to Some plan of reviving ther Sperits. I deturmined to take a party of the hunters and proceed on in advance to Some leavel Country, where there was game kill Some meat & Send it back, &c. ] a fair morning cold I proceded on in advance with Six hunters [ WC: and let it be understood that my object was ] to try and find deer or Something to kill [ WC: & Send back to the party ] we passed over a countrey Similar to the one of yesterday more falling timber passed Several runs & Springs passing to the right from the top of a high part of the mountain at 20 miles I had a view of an emence Plain and leavel Countrey to the S W. & West at a great distance [9] a high mountain in advance beyond the Plain, [10] Saw 〈but little〉 [ WC: no ] Sign of deer and nothing else, much falling timber, made 32 miles and Encamped on a bold running Creek passing to the left which I call 
 Hungery Creek 
 [11] as at that place we had nothing to eate. I halted only one hour to day to let our horses feed on Grass 〈and rest〉 [ WC: hill side ] and rest

======== 1805-09-19  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-19 ========

[Lewis]
Thursday September 19th 1805. 
Set out this morning a little after sun rise and continued our rout about the same course of yesterday or S. 20 W. for 6 miles when the ridge terminated and we to our inexpressable joy discovered a large tract of Prairie country lying to the S. W. and widening as it appeared to extend to the W. [1] through that plain the Indian informed us that the Columbia river , in which we were in surch run. this plain appeared to be about 60 Miles distant, but our guide assured us that we should reach it's borders tomorrow the appearance of this country, our only hope for subsistance greately revived the sperits of the party already reduced and much weakened for the want of food. the country is thickly covered with a very heavy growth of pine of which I have ennumerated 8 distinct species. after leaving the ridge we asscended and decended several steep mountains in the distance of 6 miles further when we struck a Creek about 15 yards wide. [2] our course being S. 35 W. we continued our rout 6 miles along the side of this creek upwards passing 2 of it's branches which flowed in from the N. 1st at the place we struck the creek and the other 3 miles further. [3] the road was excessively dangerous along this creek being a narow rockey path generally on the side of steep precipice, from which in many places if ether man or horse were precipitated they would inevitably be dashed in pieces. Fraziers horse fell from this road in the evening, and roled with his load near a hundred yards into the Creek. we all expected that the horse was killed but to our astonishment when the load was taken off him he arose to his feet & appeared to be but little injured, in 20 minutes he proceeded with his load. this was the most wonderfull escape I ever witnessed, the hill down which he roled was almost perpendicular and broken by large irregular and broken rocks. the course of this Creek upwards due W. we encamped on the Stard. side of it in a little raviene, [4] having traveled 18 miles over a very bad road. we took a small quantity of portable soup, and retired to rest much fatiegued. several of the men are unwell of the disentary. brakings out, or irruptions of the Skin, have also been common with us for some time.
[Clark] [5] 
 Cours Distance & 19th Septr. Tuesday 
 S 60 W 
 nearly 〈30 22〉 12 [6] miles on a Direct Course & at doubl the distance
wind around falling timber to a branch running to the left & Camped
at 6 miles found a horse on the head of the Creek in Some glades, he
was not fat the me[n] beg leave to kill him which I granted, after
they filled themselves, I had the ballance hung up for Capt Lewis and
proceeded on, in the time the one half of the party was skining Cook-
ing &c. the others were hunting, without seeing a track of any ani-
mal. The road up this Creek is much wors than any other part as
the hills Sides are Steep and at maney places obliged for Several yds.
to pass on the Sides of rocks where one false Step of a horse would
be certan. destruction. Crossed over a mountain and the heads of a
branch of hungary Creek over ridges and much falling timber, and a
2d high mountain of like description to a large Creek running west
for 4 miles then turned South. I keped down 4 miles & turned up to
the right over a mountain which was bad as usial to a branch which
runs to the left and Camped. The road to day wors than usial owing
to the falling timber &c. we killed 2 phsts. but few birds. the Blue
jay & Small white headed Hawk Some Crows & ravins.

[Clark]
Tuesday [NB: Thursday] 19th Septr. 1805 
Set out early proceeded on up the [ EC: Hungry ] Creek passing through a Small glade at 6 miles at which place we found a horse. I derected him killed and hung up for the party after takeing a brackfast off for our Selves which we thought fine after Brackfast proceed on up the Creek two miles & left it to our right passed over a mountain, and the heads of branch of hungary Creek , [7] two high mountains, ridges and through much falling timber (which caused our road of to day to be double the derect distance on the Course[)] Struck a large Creek [8] passing to our left which I Kept down for 4 miles and left it to our left & passed 〈over a〉 [ WC: down the ] mountain bad falling timber to a Small Creek passing to our left and Encamped. [9] I killed 2 Pheasents, but fiew birds [ WC: are to be Seen ] Blue jay, Small white headed hawk, [10] Some Crows & ravins & large hawks. road bad. [ WC: as we decend the mountain the heat becomes more proseptable every mile ]

======== 1805-09-20  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-20 ========

[Lewis]
Friday September 20th 1805. 
This morning my attention was called to a species of bird [1] which I had never seen before. [ NB: Copy for Dr Barton 
 ] It was reather larger than a robbin, tho' much it's form and action. the colours were a blueish brown on the back the wings and tale black, as wass a stripe above the croop ¾ of an inch wide in front of the neck, and two others of the same colour passed from it's eyes back along the sides of the head. the top of the head, neck brest and belley and butts of the wing were of a fine yellowish brick 〈yellow〉 reed. it was feeding on the buries of a species of shoemake or ash [2] which grows common in country & which I first observed on 2d of this month. I have also observed two birds of a blue colour both of which I believe to be of the haulk or vulter kind. the one [3] of the blue shining colour with a very high tuft of feathers on the head a long tale, it feeds on flesh the beak and feet black. it's note is chǎ-ǎh, chǎ-ǎh. it is about the size of a pigeon; and in shape and action resembles the jay bird.— another bird [4] of very similar genus, the note resembling the mewing of the cat, with a white head and a light blue colour is also common, as are a black species of woodpecker about the size of the lark woodpecker [5] Three species of Pheasants, [6] a large black species, with some white feathers irregularly scattered on the brest neck and belley a smaller kind of a dark uniform colour with a red stripe above the eye, and a brown and yellow and a brown and yellow species that a good deel resembles the phesant common to the Atlantic States. we were detained this morning untill ten oclock in consequence of not being enabled to 〈get up〉 collect our horses. we had proceeded about 2 miles when we found the greater part of a horse which Capt Clark had met with and killed for us. [7] he informed me by note that he should proceed as fast as possible to the leavel country which lay to the S. W. of us, which we discovered from the hights of the mountains on the 19th there he intended to hunt untill our arrival. at one oclock we halted [ X: on a small branch runing to the left ] [8] and made a hearty meal on our horse beef much to the comfort of our hungry stomachs. here I larnt that one of the Packhorses with his load was missing and immediately dispatched Baptiest Lapage who had charge of him, to surch for him. he returned at 3 OC. without the horse. The load of the horse was of considerable value consisting of merchandize and all my stock of winter cloathing. I therefore dispatched two of my best woodsmen in surch of him, and proceeded with the party. Our rout lay through a thick forrest of large pine the general course being S. 25 W. and distance about 15 miles. our road was much obstructed by fallen timber particularly in the evening we encamped on a ridge [9] where ther was but little grass for our horses, and at a distance from water. however we obtained as much as served our culinary purposes and suped on our beef. the soil as you leave the hights of the mountains becomes gradually more fertile. the land through which we passed this evening is of an excellent quality tho very broken, it is a dary grey soil. a grey free stone appearing in large masses above the earth in many places. [10] saw the hucklebury, [ NB: Copy for Dr Barton 
 ] honeysuckle, and alder common to the Atlantic states, also a kind of honeysuckle which bears a white bury and rises about 4 feet high not common but to the western side of the rockey mountains. a growth which resembles the choke cherry bears a black bury with a single stone of a sweetish taste, it rises to the hight of 8 or 10 feet and grows in thick clumps. the Arborvita is also common and grows to an immence size, being from 2 to 6 feet in diameter. [11] 
[Clark] [12] 
 Course Dist. Friday 20th Septr 1805 
 Nearly S W 
 12 
 miles over a mountain to a low ridgey Countrey covered
with large pine, passed into the forks of a large Creek
which we kept down about 2 miles & left it to the left hand
and crossed the heads of Som Dreans of the Creek & on a
ruged Deviding ridge, road as bad as usial no game of
Sign to day 
 West 
 3 
 miles to an Indian Camp in a leavel rich open Plain I met
3 boys who I gave a pice of ribin to each & Sent them to the
〈Ca〉 Villages, I Soon after met a man whome I gave a
handkerchief and he escorted me to the grand Chiefs
Lodge, who was with the most of the nation gorn to war
those people treated us well gave us to eate roots dried
roots made in bread, roots boiled, one Sammon, Berries of
red haws some dried, my arrival raised great Confusion,
all running to See us, after a Delay of an hour I detur-
mined to go lower & turn out & hunt, a principal man in-
formed me his Camp was on my way and there was fish I
concluded to go to his village, and Set out accompd. by
about 100 men womin & boys 2 mile across the Plains, &
halted tuned. out 4 men to hunt, he gave us a Sammon
to eate, I found that his Situation was not on the river as I
expected & that this Sammon was dried, & but fiew—
This course is N. 70° W. 2 miles across a rich leavel Plain in
which grt quantities of roots have been geathered and in
heaps. those roots are like onions, Sweet when Dried,
and tolerably good in bread, I eate much & am Sick in
the evening. those people have an emence quantities of
Roots which is their Principal food. The hunters discov-
ered Som Signs but killed nothing 
 17 
On the Lolo Trail , Idaho , September 18–20, 1805,
Elkskin-bound Journal
 Missouri Historical Society 
On the Lolo Trail to Canoe Camp at the Junction
of the North Fork Clearwater and Clearwater Rivers , Idaho ,
September 20–October 7, 1805, Elkskin-bound Journal
 Missouri Historical Society

[Clark]
Wednesday [NB: Friday] 20th September 1805 
I Set out early and proceeded on through a Countrey as ruged as usial passed over a low mountain into the forks of a large Creek which I kept down 2 miles [13] and assended a Steep mountain leaveing the Creek to our left hand passed the head of Several dreans on a divideing ridge, and at 12 miles decended the mountain to a leavel pine Countrey proceeded on through a butifull Countrey for three miles to a Small Plain in which I found maney Indian lodges, [14] at the distance of 1 mile from the lodges I met 3 [ WC: Indian ] boys, when they Saw me ran and hid themselves [ WC: in the grass I dismounted gave my gun & horse to one of the men, ] searched [ WC: in the grass and ] found [ WC: 2 of the boys ] gave them Small pieces of ribin & Sent them forward to the village [ WC: Soon after ] a man Came out to meet me with great Caution & Conducted 〈me〉 us to a lage Spacious Lodge which he told me (by Signs) was the Lodge of his great Chief who had Set out 3 days previous with all the Warriers of the nation to war on a South West derection & would return in 15 or 18 days. the fiew men that were left in the Village aged, great numbers of women geathered around me with much apparent Signs of fear, and apr. pleased they 〈those people〉 gave us a Small piece of Buffalow meat, Some dried Salmon beries & roots in different States, Some round and much like an onion which they call 〈 Pas she co 〉 quamash the Bread or Cake is called Passhe-co Sweet, of this they make bread & Supe [15] they also gave us the bread made of this root all of which we eate hartily, I gave them a fiew Small articles as preasents, and proceeded on with a Chief to this Village 2 miles in the Same Plain, where we were treated kindly in their way and continued with them all night [16] Those two Villages consist of about 30 double lodges, but fiew men a number of women & children; They call themselves 
 Cho pun-nish 
 or 
 Pierced Noses ; 
 [17] their dialect appears verry different from the 〈 flat heads 〉 Tushapaws altho origneally the Same people [18] They are darker than the 〈 Flat heads 〉 Tushapaws 〈I have seen〉 Their dress Similar, with more beads white & blue principally, brass & Copper in different forms, Shells and ware their haire in the Same way. they are large Portley men Small women & handsom fetued [ NB?: & featured ] Emence quantity of the quawmash or Pas-shi-co root gathered & in piles about the plains, those roots [19] grow much an onion in marshey places the seed are in triangular Shell on the Stalk. they Sweat them in the following manner i. e. dig a large hole 3 feet deep Cover the bottom with Split wood on the top of which they lay Small Stones of about 3 or 4 Inches thick, a Second layer of Splited wood & Set the whole on fire which heats the Stones, after the fire is extinguished they lay grass & mud mixed on the Stones, on that dry grass which Supports the Pâsh-Shi-co root a thin Coat of the Same grass is laid on the top, a Small fire is kept when necessary in the Center of the kile &c. 
I find myself verry unwell all the evening from eateing the fish & roots too freely. Sent out the hunters they killed nothing Saw Some Signs of deer.

======== 1805-09-21  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-21 ========

[Lewis]
Saturday September 21st 1805. 
We were detained this morning untill 11 OCk. in consequence of not being able to collect our horses. we then set out and proceeded along the ridge on which we had encamped, leaving which at 1½ we passed a large creek runing to the left just above it's junction with another which run parrallel with and on the left of our road before we struck the creek; [1] through the level wide and heavy timbered bottom of this creek we proceeded about 2½ miles when bearing to the right we passed a broken country heavily timbered great quantities of which had fallen and so obstructed our road that it was almost impracticable to proceed in many places. though these hills we proceeded about 5 Ms. when we passed a small creek [2] on which Capt Clark encamped on the 19th passing this creek we continued our rout 5 Ms thro' a similar country when we struck a large creek at the forks, [3] passed the Northen branch and continued down it on the West side 1 mile and encamped in a small open bottom [4] where there was tolerable food for our horses. I directed the horses to be hubbled to prevent delay in the morning being determined to make a forced march tomorrow in order to reach if possible the open country. we killed a few Pheasants, and I killd a prarie woolf [5] which together with the ballance of our horse beef and some crawfish [6] 
which we obtained in the creek enabled us to make one more hearty meal, not knowing where the next was to be found. the Arborvita [ NB: Copy for Dr Barton 
 ] [7] increases in quantity and size. I saw several sticks today large enough to form eligant perogues of at least 45 feet in length.— I find myself growing weak for the want of food and most of the men complain of a similar deficiency and have fallen off very much. the general course of this day S 30 W 15 M.—

[Clark]
Septr. 21st Saturday 1805 
 [8] 
a fine morning Sent out all the hunters early in different directions to Kill Something and delayed with the Indians to prevent Suspicion & to acquire as much information as possible. one of them Drew me a Chart of the river & nations below informed of one falls below which the white men lived from whome they got white beeds cloth &c. &c. The day proved warm, 2 Chifs of Bands visited me to day— the hunters all returned without any thing, I collected a horse load of roots & 3 Sammon & Sent R Fields with one Indian to meet Capt Lewis at 4 oClock Set out with the other men to the river, passed thro a fine Pine Country decended a Steep ruged hill verry long to a Small river which comes from our left and I suppose it to be [ blank ] River passed down the river 2 miles on a Steep hill side at 11 oClock P. M. arrived at a camp of 5 Squars a boy & 2 Children those people were glad to See us & gave us drid Sammon one had formerly been taken by the Minitarries of the north & Seen white men, our guide called the Chief who was fishing on the other Side of the river, whome I found a Cherfull man of about 65 I gave him a Medal.

[Clark]
Thursday [NB: Saturday] 21st Septr. 1805 
A fine morning Sent out all the hunters in different directions to hunt deer, I myself delayd with the Chief to prevent Suspission and to Collect by Signs as much information as possible about the river and Countrey in advance. The Cheif drew me a kind of chart of the river, and informed me that a greater Cheif than himself was fishing at the river half a days march from his village called the twisted hare , and that the river forked a little below his Camp [9] and at a long distance below & below 2 large forks one from the left & the other from the right [10] the river passed thro'gh the mountains at which place was a great fall of the water passing through the rocks, [11] to those falls white people lived from whome they preceured the white Beeds & Brass &c. which the womin wore; a Chief of another band visit me to day and Smoked a pipe, I gave my handkerchief & a Silver Cord with a little Tobacco to those Chiefs, The hunters all return without any thing, I purchased as much Provisions as I could with what fiew things I chaned to have in my Pockets, Such a Salmon Bread roots & berries, & Sent one man R. Fields with an Indian to meet Capt. Lewis , and at 4 oClock P M. Set out to the river, met a man at dark on his way from the river to the village, whome I hired and gave the neck handkerchief of one of the men, to polit me to the Camp of the twisted hare , [12] we did not arrive at the Camp of the Twisted hare but oppost, untill half past 11 oClock P M. [13] found at this Camp five Squars & 3 Children. my guide called to the Chief who was Encamped with 2 others on a Small island in the river, he Soon joind me, I found him a Chearfull man with apparant Siencerity, I gave him a medal &c. and Smoked untill 1 oClock a. m. and went to Sleep. The Countrey from the mountains to the river hills is a leavel rich butifull Pine Countrey badly watered, thinly timbered & covered with grass— [14] The weather verry worm after decending into the low Countrey,— the river hills are verry high & Steep, Small bottoms to this little river which is Flat head 
 [15] & is 160 yards wide and Sholey This river is the one we killed the first Coalt on near a fishing were 
I am verry Sick to day and puke which relive me.

======== 1805-09-22  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-22 ========

[Lewis]
Sunday September 22cd 1805. 
 [1] 
Notwithstanding my positive directions to hubble the horses last evening one of the men neglected to comply. he plead ignorance of the order. this neglect however detained us untill ½ after eleven OCk at which time we renewed our march, our course being about west. we had proceeded about two and a half miles when we met Reubin Fields one of oure hunters, [2] whom Capt. Clark had dispatched to meet us with some dryed fish and roots that he had procured from a band of Indians, whose lodges were about eight miles in advance. I ordered the party to halt for the purpose of taking some refreshment. I divided the fish roots and buries, and was happy to find a sufficiency to satisfy compleatly all our appetites. Fields also killed a crow [3] after refreshing ourselves we proceeded to the village [4] due West 7½ Miles where we arrived at 5 OCk. in the afternoon our rout was through lands heavily timbered, the larger wood entirely pine. the country except the last 3 miles was broken and decending the pleasure I now felt in having tryumphed over the rocky Mountains and decending once more to a level and fertile country where there was every rational hope of finding a comfortable subsistence for myself and party can be more readily conceived than expressed, nor was the flattering prospect of the final success of the expedition less pleasuing. on our approach to the village which consisted of eighteen lodges most of the women fled to the neighbouring woods on horseback with their children, a circumstance I did not expect as Capt. Clark had previously been with them and informed them of our pacific intentions towards them and also the time at which we should most probably arrive. the men seemed but little concerned, and several of them came to meet us at a short distance from their lodges unarmed.

[Clark]
September 22nd Sunday 1805 
our first course of yesterday was nearly 
 N. 80° W. 
 winding thro a Grassy Pine Country of fine land for 12 miles 
 S. 70 W. 
 3 
 miles down a Steep hill & on a hill Side a Creek to the right
to the river from the left at a rapid 
 West 
 2 
 miles down the 〈West〉 N Side of the River and Encamped, in
the morning proceeded down to the Cheif Lodge on an Is-
land, found 3 men fishing hot day 
 miles 
 17 
a fine morning, I proceed on down the little river to about 1½ a mile & found the Chif in a Canoe Comeing to meet me I got into his Canoe & Crossed over to his Camp on a Small Island at a rapid Sent out the hunters leaving one to take care of the baggage, & after eating a part of a Samn. I Set out on my return to meet Capt. Lewis with the Chief & his Son at 2 miles met Shields with 3 Deer, I took a Small peice & Changed for his horse which was fresh & proced on this horse threw me 3 times which hurt me Some. at Dark met Capt Lewis Encamped at the first Village men much fatigued & reduced, the Supply which I sent by R Flds . was timely, they all eate hartily of roots & fish, 2 horses lost 1 Days journey back

[Clark]
Friday [NB: Sunday] 22nd Septr. 1805 
a verry worm day the hunters Shild killed 3 Deer this morning. I left them on the Island and Set out with the Chief & his Son on a young horse for the Village at which place I expected to meet Capt Lewis this young horse in fright threw himself & me 3 times on the Side of a Steep hill & hurt my hip much, Cought a Coalt which we found on the roade & I rode it for Several miles untill we saw the Chiefs horses, he cought one & we arrived at his Village at Sunet, & himself and myself walked up to the 2d Village where I found Capt Lewis & the party Encamped, much fatigued, & hungery, much rejoiced to find something to eate of which They appeared to partake plentifully. I cautioned them of the Consequences of eateing too much &c. 
The planes appeared covered with Spectators viewing the White men and the articles which we had, our party weacke and much reduced in flesh as well as Strength, The horse I left hung up they receved at a time they were in great want, and the Supply I Sent by R. Fields proved timely and gave great encouragement to the party with Captn. Lewis . he lost 3 horses one of which belonged to our guide. Those Indians Stole out of R. F. Shot pouch his knife wipers [5] Compas & Steel, which we Could not precure from them, we attempted to have Some talk with those people but Could not for the want of an Interpreter thro' which we Could Speake, we were Compelled to converse alltogether by Signs— I got the Twisted hare to draw the river from his Camp down which he did with great cherfullness on a white Elk Skin, from the 1s fork [6] which is a few seven miles below, to the lage fork [7] on which the 
 So So ne 
 or Snake Indians fish, is South 2 Sleeps; to a large river [8] which falls in on the N W. Side and into which The 
 Clarks 
 [9] 
 river empties itself is 5 Sleeps from the mouth of that river to the 
 falls 
 is 5 Sleeps at the falls he places Establishments of white people &c. and informs that great numbers of Indians reside on all those foks as well as the main river; one other Indian gave me a like account of the Countrey, Some few drops of rain this evening. I precured maps of the Country & river with the Situation of Indians, To come from Several men of note Seperately which varied verey little.—

======== 1805-09-23  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-23 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 23rd Sunday 
Traded with the Indians, made 3 Chiefs and gave them meadels & Tobacco & Handkerchif & knives, and a flag & left a Flag & hand kerches for the great Chief when he returns from war, in the evening proceeded to the 2d Vilg 2 miles, a hard wind and rain at dark, traded for Some root Bread & Skins to make Shirts. hot day

[Clark]
Saturday [NB: Monday] 23rd Septr 1805. 
We assembled the principal Men as well as the Chiefs and by Signs informed them where we came from where bound our wish to inculcate peace and good understanding between all the red people &c. which appeared to Satisfy them much, we then gave 2 other Medals to other Chefs of bands, a flag to the 
 twisted hare , left a flag & Handkerchief to the grand Chief gave, a Shirt to the 
 Twisted hare 
 & a knife & Handkerchif with a Small pece of Tobacco to each. Finding that those people gave no provisions to day we deturmined to purchase with our Small articles of merchindize, accord we purchased all we could, Such as roots dried, in bread, & in ther raw State, Berris of red Haws & Fish and in the evening Set out and proceeded on to the 2d Village [1] 2 miles dist. where we also purchased a few articles all amounting to as much as our weak horses Could Carry to the river Capt. Lewis & 2 men verry Sick this evening, my hip verry Painfull, the men trade a few old tin Canisters for dressed Elk Skin to make themselves Shirts, at dark a hard wind from The S W accompaned with rain which lasted half an hour. The 
 twisted hare 
 envited Capt Lewis & myself to his lodge which was nothin more than Pine bushes & bark, and gave us Some broiled dried Salmon to eate, great numbers about us all night at this village the women were busily employed in gathering and drying the Pas-she co root of which they had great quantites dug in piles

======== 1805-09-24  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-24 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 24th Monday 1805 
Set out early for the river and proceeded on the Same road I had prevsly gorn to the Island at which place I had found the Chief & formed a Camp several 8 or 9 men Sick, Capt Lewis Sick all Complain of a Lax & heaviness at the Stomack, I gave rushes Pills to Several hot day maney Indians & thier gangues of horses follow us hot day Hunter had 5 Deer

[Clark]
Sunday [NB: Tuesday] 24th Septr. 1805 
a fine morning collected our horses despatched J. Colter back to hunt the horses lost in the mountains & bring up Some Shot left behind, and at 10 oClock we all Set out for the river and proceeded on by the Same rout I had previously traveled, and at Sunset We arrived at the Island on which I found the 
 Twisted hare 
 and formed a Camp on a large Island a littl below, [1] 
 Capt Lewis Scercely able to ride on a jentle horse which was furnishd by the Chief, Several men So unwell that they were Compelled to lie on the Side of the road for Some time others obliged to be put on horses. [2] I gave rushes Pills to the Sick this evening. Several Indians follow us.

======== 1805-09-25  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-25 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 25th I with th Chief & 2 young men went down to hunt timber for Canoes— proceeded on down to the forks 4 miles N 70° W 2 miles S. 75° W 2 miles, halted young men Cought 6 Sammon, the forks nearly the Same Size, Crossed the South fork & found Timber large Pine in a bottom Proceeded up the South Side 3 parts of Party Sick Capt Lewis verry Sick hot day

[Clark]
Monday [NB: Wednesy] 25th of September 1805 
a verry hot day most of the Party Complaining and 2 of our hunters left here on the 22nd verry Sick they had killed only two Bucks in my absence. I Set out early with the Chief and 2 young men to hunt Some trees Calculated to build Canoes, as we had previously deturmined to proceed on by water, I was furnished with a horse and we proceeded on down the river Crossed a Creek at 1 mile from the right verry rockey which I call rock dam Creek 
 [1] & Passed down on the N side of the river to a fork [2] from the North which is about the Same Size and affords about the Same quantity of water with the other forks we halted about an hour, one of the young men took his guig and killed 6 fine Salmon two of them were roasted and we eate, two Canoes Came up loaded with the furnitur & provisions of 2 families, those Canoes are long Stedy and without much rake I crossed the South fork and proceeded up on the South Side, the most of the way thro' a narrow Pine bottom in which I Saw fine timber for Canoes [3] one of the Indian Canoes with 2 men with Poles Set out from the forks at the Same time I did and arrived at our Camp on the Island within 15 minits of the Same time I did, not withstanding 3 rapids which they had to draw the Canoe thro' in the distance, when I arrived at Camp found Capt Lewis verry Sick, Several men also verry Sick, I gave Some Salts & Tarter emetic, we deturmined to go to where the best timbr was and there form a Camp

======== 1805-09-26  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-26 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 26th Set out early and proceeded down the river to the bottom on the S Side opposit the forks & formed a Camp had ax handled ground &c. our axes all too Small, Indians caught Sammon & Sold us, 2 Chiefs & thir families came & camped near us, Several men bad, Capt Lewis Sick I gave Pukes Salts &c. to Several, I am a little unwell. hot day

[Clark]
Tuesday [NB: Thursday] 26th Septr. 1805 
 [1] 
Set out early and proceeded on down the river to a bottom opposit the forks of the river on the South Side and formed a Camp. [2] Soon after our arrival a raft Came down the N. fork on which was two men, they came too, I had the axes distributed and handled and men apotned. [apportioned] ready to commence building canoes on tomorrow, our axes are Small & badly Calculated to build Canoes of the large Pine, Capt Lewis Still very unwell, Several men taken Sick on the way down, I administered Salts Pils Galip, [3] Tarter emetic &c. I feel unwell this evening, two Chiefs & their families follow us and encamp near us, they have great numbers of horses. This day proved verry hot, we purchase fresh Salmon of the Indians.

======== 1805-09-27  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-09-27 ========

[Clark]
Septr. 27th Thursday 1805 
Set all the men able to work abt. building Canoes, Colter returned and found one horse & the Canister of Shot left in the mountains he also killed a Deer ½ of which he brought hot day— men Sick

[Clark]
27th Septr. Wednesday [NB: Friday] 1805 
all the men able to work comened building 5 Canoes, Several taken Sick at work, our hunters returned Sick without meet. J. Colter returned he found only one of the lost horses, on his way killed a deer, half of which he gave the Indians the other proved nourishing to the Sick The day verry hot, we purchase fresh Salmon of them Several Indians Come up the river from a Camp Some distance below Capt Lewis very Sick nearly all the men Sick. our Shoshonee 
 Indian Guide employed himself makeing flint points for his arrows

======== 1805-10-03  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-10-03 ========

[Clark]
October 3rd 〈Wednesday〉 Thursday 1805 Canoe Camp 
a fair cool morning wind from the East all our men getting well and at work at the canoes &c. 〈The Indians Came〉 
Took equal altitudes with Sextent 
 H. 
 M. 
 S 
 H. 
 M. 
 S 
 A M. 
 9 
 8 
 14 
 P M 
 3 
 57 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 8 
 3 
 58 
 58.5 
 9 
 11 
 59 
 4 
 0 
 53 
Altitude produced 44° 53' 45" 
P M Observed time and distance of the Moons western Limb from α
 Arietis 
 ★ East of the ☽
 Time 
 distance 
 Hs. ms. Sds. 
 P M 
 8 11 49 
 78° 4' 00" 
 " 21 6 
 " 2 30 
 " 23 21 
 " 2 15 
 " 25 7 
 " 1 45 
 " 27 40 
 " 1 30 
 " 30 10 
 77 59 00 
 " 33 34 
 " 58 45 
 " 35 1 
 " 58 15 
 " 37 1 
 " 58 00 
 " 38 28 
 " 57 30

[Clark]
October 3rd 〈Wednesday〉 Thursday 1805 
 [1] 
a fine morning cool wind East all our men getting better in helth, and at work at the Canoes &. The Indians who visited us from below Set out on their return early. Several others Came from different directions—.

======== 1805-10-04  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-10-04 ========

[Clark]
October 4th 〈Thursday〉 1805 Friday 
This morning is a little cool wind from the East. displeased an Indian by refuseing to let him have a pice of Tobacco. thre Inds. from the S. fork visit us Frasur and Guterich return from the village with fish roots &c. which they purchased.

[Clark]
October 4th 〈Thursday〉 Friday 1805 
a Cool wind from off the Eastern mountains I displeased an Indian by refuseing him a pice of Tobacco which he tooke the liberty to take out of our Sack Three Indians visit us from the Grat River South of us. The two men Frasure and Guterich return late from the Vllage with Fish roots &c. which they purchased as our horse is eaten we have nothing to eate except dried fish & roots which disagree with us verry much. The after part of this day verry warm. Capt Lewis Still Sick but able to walk about a little.

======== 1805-10-05  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-10-05 ========

[Clark]
October 5th 〈Friday〉 Saturday 1805 
a Cool morning wind from the East, Collected all our horses, & Branded them [1] 38 in No. and delivered them to the men who were to take Charge of them, each of which I gave a Knife & one a wampon Shell gorget, The Lattd. of this place the mean of 2 observations is 46° 34' 56.3" North. nothing to eate but dried roots & Dried fish, Capt Lewis & my Self eate a Supper of roots boiled, which filled us So full of wind, that we were Scercely able to Breathe all night felt the effects of it. Lanced 2 Canoes to day one proved a little leakey the other a verry good one

[Clark]
October 5th 〈Friday〉 Saty 1805 
Wind Easterly and Cool, had all our horses 38 in number Collected and branded Cut off their fore top and delivered them to the 2 brothers and one Son of one of the Chiefs who intends to accompany us down the river to each of those men I gave a Knife & Some Small articles &c. they promised to be attentive to our horses untill we Should return.— 
Latitude of this place from the mean of two observations is 46° 34' 56.3" North— 
Nothing to eate except dried fish & roots. Capt Lewis & myself eate a Supper of roots boiled, which Swelled us in Such a manner that we were Scercely able to breath for Several hours— finished and lanced [ NB: launched ] 2 of our Canoes this evening which proved to be verry good our hunters with every diligence Could kill nothing. The hills high and ruged and woods too dry to hunt the deer which is the only game in our neighbourhood. Several Squars Came with Fish and roots which we purchased of them for Beeds, which they were fond of— Capt Lewis not So well to day as yesterday

======== 1805-10-06  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1805-10-06 ========

[Clark]
October 6th 〈Saturday〉 Sunday 1805 
A cool morning wind East for a Short time, which is always a Cool Wind, had a cash made for our Saddles and buried them on the Side of a Pond. [ one word, illegible ] 〈of the Inds.〉 
Magnetic azmuth of Sun A M— 
 Time 
 azmth. 
 [ ML: altitude ] 〈distance〉 
 H. m. S 
 9 6 27 
 S. 75° E 
 42° 58' 00" 
 9 18 21 
 S. 73 E 
 45 46 45 
finish all the Canoes late. I am verry Sick all night, Pane in Stomach & the bowels oweing to my diet 
Equal altitudes 6th Septr. [October] with Sextent 
 H. m. S. 
 H. M S 
 A M 
 9 16 21.5 
 P M. 
 3 45 34.5 
 " 18 20.5 
 " 47 34.5 
 " 20 17.5 
 " 49 26.5 
Altitude produced 45° 46' 45"— 
Took time and distance of moons Western Limb and α Arquile, Star West— 
 Time 
 distance 
 H. M. S. 
 d 
 P M 
 8 25 55 
 58 54' 15" 
 " 28 34 
 " 55 30 
 " 32 47 
 " 56 45 
 " 34 40 
 " 57 0 
 " 36 53 
 " 57 45 
 " 38 41 
 " 58 30 
 " 40 35 
 " 59 15 
 " 42 14 
 " 59 45 
 " 43 37 
 59 1 00 
 " 45 21 
 " 1 45 
Took time and Distance of Moons 〈Western〉 [ ML: Western ] Limb from Alberian, Star East 
 Time 
 Distance 
 h. m S. 
 9 9 52 
 65° 29' 15" 
 " 12 6 
 " 28 " 
 " 13 47 
 " 2 15 
 " 16 8 
 " 27 15 
 " 18 2 
 " 28 " 
 " 19 49 
 " 24 30 
 " 21 12 
 " 24 " 
 " 22 44 
 " 23 30

[Clark]
October 6th 〈Saturday〉 Sunday 1805 
A Col Easterley wind which Spring up in the latter part of the night and Continues untill about 7 or 8 oClock A. M. had all our Saddles Collected a whole dug and in the night buried them, also a Canister of powder and a bag of Balls at the place the Canoe which Shields made was cut from the body of the tree— The Saddles were buried on the Side of a bend about ½ a mile below— all the Canoes finished this evening ready to be put into the water. I am taken verry unwell with a paine in the bowels & Stomach, which is certainly the effects of my diet—which last all night—. [1] 
The winds blow cold from a little before day untill the Suns gets to Some hight from the Mountans East as they did from the mountans at the time we lay at the falls of Missouri from the West 
The river below this forks is Called 
 Kos kos kee 
 [2] it is Clear rapid with Shoals or Swift places— 
The open Countrey Commences a fiew miles below This on each side of the river, on the Lard Side below the 1st Creek. with a few trees Scattered near the river.

======== 1806-01-27  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-01-27 ========

[Lewis]
Tuesday [ NB: Monday ] January 27th 1806. 
This morning Collins set out for the Salt works . in the evening Shannon returned and reported that himself and party had killed ten Elk. he left Labuche and R. fields with the Elk. two of those Elk he informed us were at the distance of nine miles from this place near the top of a mountain, that the rout by which they mus be brought was at least four miles by land through a country almost inaccessible from the fallen timber, brush and sink-holes, which were now disgused by the snow; we therefore concluded to relinquish those two Elk for the present, and ordered every man who could be speared from the fort to go early in the morning in surch of the other eight. 
 Goodrich has recovered from the Louis veneri which he contracted from an amorous contact with a Chinnook damsel. I cured him as I did Gibson last winter by the uce of murcury. [1] I cannot learn that the Indians have any simples which are sovereign specifics in the cure of this disease; and indeed I doubt very much wheter any of them have any means of effecting a perfect cure. when once this disorder is contracted by them it continues with them during life; but always ends in decipitude, death, or premature old age; tho' from the uce of certain simples together with their diet, they support this disorder with but little inconvenience for many years, and even enjoy a tolerable share of health; particularly so among the Chippeways who I believe to be better skilled in the uce of those simples than any nation of Savages in North America. The Chippeways use a decoction of the root of the Lobelia, [2] and that of a species of sumac [3] common to the Atlantic states and to this country near and on the Western side of the Rocky Mountains . this is the smallest species of the sumac, readily distinguished by it's winged rib, or common footstalk, which supports it's oppositely pinnate leaves. these decoctions are drank freely and without limitation. the same decoctions are used in cases of the gonnaerea and are effecatious and sovereign. notwithstanding that this disorder dose exist among the Indians on the Columbia yet it is witnessed in but fiew individuals, at least the males who are always sufficiently exposed to the observations or inspection of the phisician. in my whole rout down this river I did not see more than two or three with the gonnaerea and about double that number with the pox.— 
The beary which the natives call solme 
 [4] is the production of a plant about the size and much the shape of that common to the atlantic states which produces the berry commonly called Solloman's seal berry. this berry also is attatched to the top of the stem in the same manner; and is of a globelar form, consisting of a thin soft pellecle which encloses a soft pulp inveloping from three to four seeds, white, firm, smothe, and in the form of a third or quarter of a globe, and large in proportion to the fruit or about the size of the seed of the common small grape. this berry when grown and unripe is not speckles as that of the Solomon's seal berry is; this last has only one globular smoth white firm seed in each berry.— the Solme grows in the woodlands among the moss and is an annual plant to all appearance.—

[Clark]
Wednesday [ EC: Mon ]
 27th January 1806 
This morning Collins Set out to the Saltmakers Shannon returned and reported that himself and party had killed 10 Elk. he lef Labiech & R Field with the Elk, two of those Elk he informed us was at the distance of 9 miles from this place near the top of a mountain, that the rout by which they must be brought was at least 5 miles by land thro' a Countrey almost inexcessable, from the fallen timber brush, and Sink holes, which were now disguised by the Snow; we therefore Concluded to relinquish those two Elks for the present, and ordered every man that Could be Speared from the Fort to go early in the morning in Serch of the other Eight, which is at no great distance from the 
 Netul river , on which we are. Goudrich has recoverd from the louis veneri which he contracted from a amorous Contact with a Chinnook damsel. he was Cured as Gibson was with murcury by [ blank ] [5] I cannot lern that the Indians have any Simples Sovereign Specifics in the cure of this disease; indeed I douubt verry much whether any of them have any means of effecting a perfect cure. when once this disorder is contracted by them it Continues with them dureing life; but always ends in decepitude, death; or premature old age; tho' from the use of certain Simples together with their diet, they Support this disorder with but little inconveniance for maney years, and even enjoy a tolerable Share of health; particularly So among the Chippeways who I believe to be better Skilled in the use of those Simples than any nation of Indians in North America. The Chippaways use a decoction of the root of the Labelia, and that of a Species of Sumac Common to the Atlantic States [6] and to this countrey near and on the western Side of the Rocky mountains . This is the smallest Specis of Sumake, readily distinguished by it's winged rib, or common footstalk, which Supports it's oppositly pinnate leaves. these decoctions are drank freely and without limitations. the Same decoctions are used also in cases of the gonnarea and are effecatious and sovereign. notwithstanding that this disorder does exist among the indians on the Columbia yet it is witnessed in but fiew individuals high up the river, or at least the males who are always Sufficiently exposed to the observation or inspection of the phisician. in my whole rout down this river I did not See more than two or three with Gonnarea and about doubIe that number with the Pox.— 
The berry which the nativs Call Sol me is the production of a plant about the Size and much the Shape of that Common to the atlantic States which produces the berry Commonly Called Sollomons Seal berry 
 [7] this berry is also attached to the top of the Stem in the Same manner; and is of a globular form Consisting of a thin Soft Pellicle rine which encloses a Soft Pellicle pulp inveloping from 3 to 4 Seed, white firm, Smothe, and in the form of a third or a quarter of a Globe, and large in perportion to the fruit, or about the Size of the Seed of the Common Small grape. the berry when grown and unripe is not Specked as the Solomon's seal Berry is; this last haveing only one Globaler Smothe, ferm, white Seed in each berry—. the Sol me grows in the wood lands amonge the moss and on the high ridges. and is an annual plant to all appearance.—.

======== 1806-01-31  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-01-31 ========

[Lewis]
Saturday [ NB: Friday ] January 31st 1806. 
Sent a party of eight men [1] up the river this morning to renew their surch for the Elk and also to hunt; they proceded but a few miles before they found the river so obstructed with ice that they were obliged to return. Joseph Fields arrived this evening, informed us that he had been hunting in company with Gibson and Willard for the last five days in order to obtain some meat for himself and the other Salt makers, and that he had been unsuccessfull untill yesday evening when he had fortunately killed two Elk, about six miles distant from this place and about 8 from the salt works ; he left Gibson and Willard to dry the meat of these Elk and had come for the assistance of some men to carry the meat to the salt camp ; for this purpose we ordered four men to accompany him early in the morning. discovered that McNeal had the pox, gave him medecine. Charbono found a bird [2] dead lying near the fort this morning and brought it to me I immediately recognized it to be of the same kind of that which I had seen in the Rocky mountains on the morning of the 20th of September last. this bird is about the size as near as may be of the robbin. it's contour also is precisely the same with that bird. it measures one foot 3¼ Inches from tip to tip of the wings when extended. 9¼ inches from the extremity of the beak to that of the tail. the tail is 3¾ inches in length, and composed of eleven feathers of the same length. The beak is smoth, black, convex and cultrated; one and ⅛ inches from the point to the opening of the chaps and ¾ only uncovered with feathers; the upper chap exceeds the other a little in length. a few small black hairs garnish the sides of the base of the upper chap. the eye is of a uniform deep sea green or black, moderately large. it's legs feet and tallons are white; the legs are an inch and a ¼ in length and smoth; four toes on each foot, of which that in front is the same length with the leg including the length of the tallon, which is 4 lines; [3] the three remaining toes are ¾ of an inch, each armed with proportionably long tallons. the toes are slightly imbricated. the tallons are curved and sharply pointed. The crown of the head from the beak back to the neck, the back of the neck imbracing reather more than half the circumpherence of the neck, the back and tale, are of bluish dark brown; the two outer feathers of the tale have a little dash of white near their tips not percemtible when the tail is foalded. a fine black forms the ground of the wings; two stripes of the same colour pass on either side of the head from the base of the beak along the side of the head to it's junction with the neck, and imbraces the eye to it's upper edge; a third stripe of the same colour ¾ of an inch in width passes from the sides of the neck just above the butts of the wings across the croop in the form of a gorget. [4] the throat or under part of the neck brest and belly is of a fine yellowish brick red. a narrow stripe of this colour also commences just above the center of each eye, and extends backwards to the neck as far as the black stripe reaches before discribed, to which, it appears to answer as a border. the feathers which form the 1st and second ranges of the coverts of the two joints of the wing next the body, are beautifully tiped with this brick red; as is also each large feathre of the wing on the short side of it's plumage for ½ an inch in length commening at the extremity of the feathers which form the first or main covert of the wing. this is a beatifull little bird. I have never heard it's note it appears to be silent. [5] it feeds on berries, and I beleive is a rare bird even in this country, or at least this is the second time only that I have seen it.— between the legs of this bird the feathers are white, and those which form the tuft underneath the tail are a mixture of white and a brick red.— 
Observed equal altitudes today with Sextant. 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 A. M. 
 8 
 55 
 24 
 P. M. 
 1 
 11 
 58 
Altitude by Sextn. 40° 32' — 
 h 
 m 
 S 
 Chronomometer too slow on Mean Equated Solar time. 
 1 
 10 
 26.1 
 ☞ The days of the month for January are right, but the days of the weak as affixed are all wrong, nor did I discover it untill this morning.——

[Clark]
Friday January 31st 1806 
Sent a party of Eight men with the hunters to renew their Serch for the Elk, and also to hunt; they proceeded but a fiew miles before they found the river So obstructed with ice that they were obliged to return. Jo Field arrives this evening, informs us That he had been hunting in Company with gibson and Willard for the last four days in order to obtain some meat for himself and the other Salt-makers, and that he had been unsucksessfull untill yesterday evening when he had fortunately killed two Elk, about six miles distant from this place and about 8 from the Salt works ; he left gibson and Willard to dry the meat of those Elk, and had come for assistance to carry the meat to the Salt Camp ; for this purpose we ordered four men to accompany him early in the morning. discovered that McNeal had the pox, gave him medicine. Chabono found a bird dead lying near the Fort this morning and brought it in, I recognized it to be the Same kind of that which I had Seen in the Rocky Mountains at severl different times. this berd is about the Size as near as may be of the robin. it's contour is also presisely the Same with that bird. it measured one foot ¾ inches from tip to tip of the wings when extended. 9¼ inches from the extremity of the beak to that of the tail. the tail is 3¾ inches in length, and Composed of 11 feathers of the Same length. The beak is Smoth, black, convex and cultrated; 1⅛ inches from the point to the opening of the Chaps and ¾ only uncovered with feathers, the upper Chap exceeds the other a little in length. a fiew Small black hairs garnish the Side of the upper chap. The Eye is of a uniform deep Sea green or black, moderatley large. it's legs feet and tallants are white; the legs are of 1¼ in length and Smoth; four toes on each foot, of which that in front is the Same length of the leg including the tallants, which is 4 lines; the 3 remaining toes are ¾ of an inch, each armed with proportionably large tallons. the toes are Slightly imbricated. the tallons are curved and Sharply pointed. The Crown of the head from the beak back to the neck imbracing rather more than half the circumphrence of the neck, the Back and tail is of a bluish dark brown; the two outer feathers of the tail have a little dash of white near the tips, not proceivable when the tail is foalded. a fine black forms the ground of the wings; two Stripes of the same colour passes on either side of the Head from the base of the Back along the Side of the head to it's junction with the neck, and embraces the eye to its upper edge; a third Stripe of the Same Colour ¾ of an inch in width passes from the Side of the neck just above the buts of the wings across the croop in the form of a gorget. the throat or under part of the neck brest and belly is of a fine Yellowish brick red. a narrow Stripe of this Colour also Commences just above the center of each eye, and extends backwards to the Neck as far as the black Spots reaches before discribed, to which it appears to answer as a border. the feathers which form the 1st and Second range of the coverts of the two joints of the wings next the body are butifully tiped with this Brick red; as is also each large feather of the wing on the Short Side of its plumage for 1/2 an inch in length Comencing at the extremity of the feather which form the first or main Covert of the wing. This is a butifull little bird. I have never herd its notes it appears to be Silent. it feeds on berries, and I believe is a rare bird even in this country—. between the legs of this bird the feathers are white, and those which form the tuft underneath the tail are a mixture of white and Brick red. 
Observed equal altitudes today with Sextant. 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 A. M. 
 8 
 55 
 24 
 P. M. 
 1 
 11 
 58 
altd. by Sextt. 40° 32' — 
 h 
 m 
 S 
 Chronomometer too Slow on mean Equated Solar time— 
 1 
 10 
 26.20 
[Lewis and Clark] [7] 
Equal altitudes the [ blank ] Day 31st of January 1806 at Fort Clat Sop 
 with Sextant— 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 8 
 52 
 28 
 P. M. 
 1 
 9 
 3 
 } 
 altd. 40° 32' 00" 
 " 
 55 
 24 
 " 
 12 
 13 
 " 
 58 
 21 
 " 
 14 
 53 
 h m S. 
 Chronomometer too slow on Mean Equated Solar time— 
 1 10 26.1 
 1 9 3 
 + 12 hours— 
 12 
 13 9 3 
 - corrisponding observt P. M. 
 8 58 21 
 of which take half— 
 2 
 | 4 10 42 
 = to half interval of obst. 
 2 5 21 
 + forenoon or A. M.— 
 8 58 21 
 time that the ☉'s center was on the 
 } 
 11 3 42 
 Meridian as shown by the Chronometer—

======== 1806-02-16  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-02-16 ========

[Lewis]
Sunday February 16th 1806. 
By several trials made today in order to adjust my Octant and ascertain her error in the direct observation, I found that it was 2° 1' 45" + or additive beyond the fracture; this error was ascertained by a comparison with my sextant the error of which had been previously ascertained. the error of Octant in the direct observation on the broken limb next to 0 or below 55° 20' inclusive is 2° additive only.— Sent Shannon 
 Labuish and Frazier this morning on a hunting excurtion up the Kil-haw'-a-nak-kle river 
 [1] which discharges itself into the head of the bay. no tidings yet of Sergt. Gass and party. Bratton is still very weak and complains of a pain in the lower part of the back when he moves which I suppose procedes from dability. I gave him barks. [2] 
 Gibson's fever still continues obstenate tho' not very high; I gave him a doze of Dr. Rush's 
 [3] which in many instances I have found extreemly efficatious in fevers which are in any measure caused by the presence of boil [bile?]. the nitre has produced a profuse perspiration this evening and the pills operated late at night his fever after which abated almost entirely and he had a good night's rest. [4] 
The Indian dog is usually small or much more so than the common cur. they are party coloured; black white brown and brindle are the most usual colours. the head is long and nose pointed eyes small, ears erect and pointed like those of the wolf, hair short and smooth except on the tail where it is as long as that of the curdog and streight. the natives do not eat them nor appear to make any other use of them but in hunting the Elk as has been before observed.— The brown white or grizly bear are found in the rocky mountains in the timbered parts of it or Westerly side but rarely; they are more common below the rocky Mountain on the borders of the plains where there are copses of brush and underwood near the watercouses. they are by no means as plenty on this side of the rocky mountains as on the other, nor do I beleive that they are found atall in the woody country, which borders this coast as far in the interior as the range of mountains which, pass the Columbia 〈river〉 between the Great Falls and rapids of that river. the black bear differs not any from those common the United states and are found under the rocky Mountains in the woody country on the borders of the great plains of columbia and also in this tract of woody country which lie between these plains and the Pacific Ocean . their oconimy and habits are also the same with those of the United States.—

[Clark]
Sunday February 16th 1806 
Sent Shannon 
 Labiesh and frazier on a hunting excurtion up the Kil-haw-a-nak-kle river which discharges itself into the head of Meriwethers Bay . no word yet of Sergt. Gass and party. Bratten is verry weak and complains of a pain in the lower part of the back when he moves which I suppose proceeds from debility. I gave him barks and Salt peter. Gibsons fever Still Continues obstinate tho' not verry high; we gave him a dose of Dr. Rushes pills which in maney instancis I have found extreamly efficacious in fevers which are in any measure Caused by the presence of boil. the niter has produced a perfuse perspiration this evening and the pils opperated late at night his feaver after which abated almost intirely and he had a good nights rest. 
The Indian Dogs are usually small or much more so than the common cur. they are party coloured; black white brown and brindle are the more usual colours. the head is long and nose pointed eyes Small, ears erect and pointed like those of the wolf, hair Short and Smooth except on the tail where it is as long as that of the Cur dog and streight. the nativs do not eate them, or make any further use of them than in hunting the Elk as has been before observed. Shannon an Labiesh brought in to us to day a Buzzard or Vulture of the Columbia which they had wounded and taken alive. I believe this to be the largest Bird of North America. it was not in good order and yet it wayed 25 lbs had it have been so it might very well have weighed 10 lbs. more or 35 lbs. between the extremities of the wings it measured 9 feet 2 Inches; from the extremity of the beak to that of the toe 3 feet 9 inches and a half. from hip to toe 2 feet, girth of the head 9 inches ¾. Girth of the neck 7½ inches; Girth of the body exclusive of the wings 2 feet 3 inches; girth of the leg 3 inches. the diameter of the eye 4½/10ths of an inch, the iris of a pale scarlet red, the puple of a deep Sea green or black and occupies about one third of the diameter of the eye the head and part of the neck as low as the figures 1 2 is uncovered with feathers except that portion of it represented by dots foward and under the eye. (See likeness on the other Side of this leaf) [5] the tail is Composed of twelve feathers of equal length, each 14 inches. the legs are 4¾ inches in length and of a whiteish colour uncovered with feathers, they are not entirely Smooth but not imbricated; the toes are four in number three of which are foward and that in the center much the longest; the fourth is Short and is inserted near the inner of the three other toes and reather projecting foward. the thye is covered with feathers as low as the Knee. the top or upper part of the toes are imbricated with broad scales lying transversly; the nails are black and in proportion to the Size of the bird comparitively with those of the Hawk or Eagle, Short and bluntly pointed—. the under Side of the wing is Covered with white down and feathers. a white Stripe of about 2 inches in width, also marks the outer part of the wing, imbraceing the lower points of the feathers, which [c]over the joints of the wing through their whole length or width of that part of the wing. all the other feathers of whatever part are of a Glossy Shineing black except the down, which is not glossy, but equally black. the Skin of the beak and head to the joining of the neck is of a pale orrange Yellow, the other part uncovered with feathers is of a light flesh Colour. the Skin is thin and wrinkled except on the beak where it is Smooth. This bird fly's very clumsily. nor do I know whether it ever Seizes it's prey alive, but am induced to believe it does not. we have Seen it feeding on the remains of the whale and other fish which have been thrown up by the waves on the Sea Coast. these I believe constitute their principal food, but I have no doubt but that they also feed on flesh. we did not meet with this bird un[t]ille we had decended the Columbia below the great falls ; and have found them more abundant below tide water than above. this is the Same Species of Bird which R. Field killed on the 18th of Novr. last and which is noticed on that day tho' not fully discribed then I thought this of the Buzzard Specis. I now believe that this bird is reather of the Vulture genus than any other, tho' it wants Some of their characteristics particularly the hair on the neck, and the feathers on the legs. this is a handsom bird at a little distance. it's neck is proportionably longer than those of the Hawks or Eagle. Shannon also brought a Grey Eagle which appeared to be of the Same kind common to the U, States. it weighed 15 pds. and measured 7 feet 7 inches between the extremities of the wings—. 
Head of a Vulture (California condor, Gymnogyps califorianus ),
February 16, 1806, Voorhis No. 2
 Missouri Historical Society 
 Shannon and Labiesh informed us that when he approached this Vulture after wounding it, that it made a loud noise very much like the barking of a Dog. the tongue is long firm and broad, filling the under Chap and partakeing of its transvirs curvature, or its Sides forming a longitudinal Groove; obtuse at the point, the margin armed with firm cartelagenous prickkles pointed and bending inwards.

======== 1806-08-11  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-11 ========

[Lewis]
Monday August 11th 1806. 
We set out very early this morning. it being my wish to arrive at the birnt hills 
 [1] by noon in order to take the latitude of that place as it is the most northern point of the Missouri , enformed the party of my design and requested that they would exert themselves to reach the place in time as it would save us the delay of nearly one day; being as anxious to get forward as I was they plyed their oars faithfully and we proceeded rapidly. I had instructed the small [c]anoes that if they saw any game on the river to halt and kill it and follow on; however we saw but little game untill about 9 A. M. when we came up with a buffaloe swiming the river which I shot and killed; leaving the small canoes to dress it and bring on the meat I proceeded. we had gone but little way before I saw a very large grizzly bear and put too in order to kill it, but it took wind of us and ran off. the small canoes overtook us and informed that the flesh of the buffaloe was unfit for uce and that they had therefore left it half after 11 A. M. we saw a large herd of Elk on the N. E. shore and I directed the men in the small canoes to halt and kill some of them and continued on in the perogue to the birnt hills ; when I arrived here it was about 20 minutes after noon and of course the observation for the ☉'s meridian Altitude was lost; jus opposite to the birnt hills there happened to be a herd of Elk on a thick willow bar and finding that my observation was lost for the present I determined to land and kill some of them accordingly we put too and I went out with Cruzatte only. [2] we fired on the Elk I killed one and he wounded another, we reloaded our guns and took different routs through the thick willows in pursuit of the Elk; I was in the act of firing on the Elk a second time when a ball struck my left thye about an inch below my hip joint, missing the bone it passed through the left thye and cut the thickness of the bullet across the hinder part of the right thye; the stroke was very severe; I instantly supposed that Cruzatte had shot me in mistake for an Elk as I was dressed in brown leather and he cannot see very well; under this impression I called out to him damn you, you have shot me, and looked towards the place from whence the ball had come, seeing nothing I called Cruzatte several times as loud as I could but received no answer; I was now preswaded that it was an indian that had shot me as the report of the gun did not appear to be more than 40 paces from me and Cruzatte appeared to be out of hearing of me; in this situation not knowing how many indians there might be concealed in the bushes I thought best to make good my retreat to the perogue, calling out as I ran for the first hundred paces as loud as I could to Cruzatte to retreat that there were indians hoping to allarm him in time to make his escape also; I still retained the charge in my gun which I was about to discharge at the moment the ball struck me. when I arrived in sight of the perogue I called the men to their arms to which they flew in an instant, I told them that I was wounded but I hoped not mortally, by an indian I beleived and directed them to follow me that I would return & give them battle and releive Cruzatte if possible who I feared had fallen into their hands; the men followed me as they were bid and I returned about a hundred paces when my wounds became so painfull and my thye so stiff that I could scarcely get on; in short I was compelled to halt and ordered the men to proceed and if they found themselves overpowered by numbers to retreat in order keeping up a fire. I now got back to the perogue as well as I could and prepared my self with a pistol my rifle and air-gun being determined as a retreat was impracticable to sell my life as deerly as possible. in this state of anxiety and suspense remained about 20 minutes when the party returned with Cruzatte and reported that there were no indians nor the appearance of any; Cruzatte seemed much allarmed and declared if he had shot me it was not his intention, that he had shot an Elk in the willows after he left or seperated from me. I asked him whether he did not hear me when I called to him so frequently which he absolutely denied. I do not beleive that the fellow did it intentionally but after finding that he had shot me was anxious to conceal his knowledge of having done so. [3] the ball had lodged in my breeches which I knew to be the ball of the short rifles such as that he had, [4] and there being no person out with me but him and no indians that we could discover I have no doubt in my own mind of his having shot me. with the assistance of Sergt. Gass I took off my cloaths and dressed my wounds myself as well as I could, introducing tents of patent lint into the ball holes, [5] the wounds blead considerably but I was hapy to find that it had touched neither bone nor artery. I sent the men to dress the two Elk which Cruzatte and myself had killed which they did in a few minutes and brought the meat to the river. the small canoes came up shortly after with the flesh of one Elk. my wounds being so situated that I could not without infinite pain make an observation I determined to relinquish it and proceeded on. we came within eight miles of our encampment of the 15th of April 1805 and encamped on N. E. side. [6] as it was painfull to me to be removed I slept on board the perogue; the pain I experienced excited a high fever and I had a very uncomfortable night. at 4 P. M. we passed an encampment which had been evacuated this morning by Capt. Clark , here I found a note from Capt. C. informing me that he had left a letter for me at the entrance of the Yelow stone river , but that Sergt. Pryor who had passed that place since he left it had taken the letter; that Sergt. Pryor having been robed of all his horses had decended the Yelowstone river in skin canoes and had over taken him at this encampment. this I fear puts an end to our prospects of obtaining the Sioux Cheifs to accompany us as we have not now leasure to send and enjage Mr. Heney on this service, or at least he would not have time to engage them to go as early as it is absolutely necessary we should decend the river.

[Clark]
Wednesday 11th August 1806 
I set out early this morning. at 10 A. M. landed on a Sand bar and brackfast dureing brackfast and my delay at this place which was 2 hours had the Elk meat exposed to the Sun. at Meridian I set out and had not proceeded more than 2 miles before I observed a Canoe near the Shore. I derected the Canoes to land here I found two men from the illinoies 
 Jos. Dixon , and [ blank ] Handcock 
 [7] those men are on a trapping expedition up the River Rochejhone . They inform me that they left the Illinois in the Summer 1804. the last winter they Spent with the Tetons in Company with a Mr. Coartong [ NB: Qu: Coautoin 
 ] [8] who brought up goods to trade The tetons robed him of the greater part of the goods and wounded this Dixon in the leg with a hard wad. [9] The Tetons gave Mr. Coartong 
 Some fiew robes for the articles they took from him. Those men further informed me that they met the Boat and party we Sent down from Fort Mandan near the Kanzas river on board of which was a Chief of the Ricaras , [10] that he met the Yankton Chiefs with Mr. Deurion , [11] 
 McClellen 
 [12] & Several other traders on their way down. that the Mandans and Menitarrais wer at war with the Ricaras and had killed two of the latter. the Assinniboins were also at war with the Mandans &c and had prohibited the N W. traders from Comeing to the Missouri to trade. [13] they have latterly killed one Trader near the Mous River 
 [14] and are now in wait for Mr. McKenzey 
 [15] one of the Clerks who have been for a long time with Menetarias . Those dificulties if true will I fear be a bar to our expectations of having the Mandan 
 Minetarra & Ricara Chief to acompany us to the U. States. Tho we Shall endeaver to bring abot a peace between Mandans 
 Mennetaries & Ricaras and provail on Some of their Cheifs to accompany us to the U. States. proceeded on to a point on the S W Side nearly opposit the enterance of Goat pen creek and encamped [16] found the Musquetors excessively troublesom.

======== 1806-08-12  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-12 ========

[Lewis]
Thursday August 12th 1806. 
 [1] 
Being anxious to overtake Capt. Clark who from the appearance of his camps could be at no great distance before me, we set out early and proceeded with all possible expedition at 8 A. M. the bowsman informed me that there was a canoe and a camp he beleived of whitemen on the N. E. shore. I directed the perogue and canoes to come too at this place and found it to be the camp of two hunters from the Illinois by name Joseph Dickson and Forest Hancock . [2] these men informed me that Capt. C. had passed them about noon the day before. they also informed me that they had left the Illinois in the summer 1804 since which time they had been ascended the Missouri , hunting and traping beaver; that they had been robed by the indians and the former wounded last winter by the Tetons of the birnt woods ; [3] that they had hitherto been unsuccessfull in their voyage having as yet caught but little beaver, but were still determined to proceed. I gave them a short discription of the Missouri , a list of distances to the most conspicuous streams and remarkable places on the river above and pointed out to them the places where the beaver most abounded. I also gave them a file and a couple of pounds of powder with some lead. these were articles which they assured me they were in great want of. I remained with these men an hour and a half when I took leave of them and proceeded. 〈at one OCK in the〉 while I halted with these men Colter and Collins who seperated from us on the 3rd ist. rejoined us. they were well no accedent having happened. they informed me that after proceeding the first day and not overtaking us that they had concluded that we were behind and had delayed several days in waiting for us and had thus been unable to join us untill the present momet. my wounds felt very stiff and soar this morning but gave me no considerable pain. there was much less inflamation than I had reason to apprehend there would be. I had last evening applyed a poltice of peruvian barks. [4] at 1 P. M. I overtook Capt. Clark and party and had the pleasure of finding them all well. [5] as wrighting in my present situation is extreemly painfull to me I shall desist untill I recover and leave to my frind Capt. C. the continuation of our journal. [6] however I must notice a singular Cherry [7] which is found on the Missouri in the bottom lands about the beaverbends and some little distance below the white earth river . this production is not very abundant even in the small tract of country to which it seems to be confined. the stem is compound erect and subdivided or branching without any regular order it rises to the hight of eight or ten feet seldom puting up more than one stem from the same root not growing in cops as the Choke Cherry dose. the bark is smooth and of a dark brown colour. the leaf is peteolate, oval accutely pointed at it's apex, from one and a ¼ to 1½ inches in length and from ½ to ¾ of an inch in width, finely or minutely serrate, pale green and free from bubessence. the fruit is a globular berry about the size of a buck-shot of a fine scarlet red; like the cherries cultivated in the U' States each is supported by a seperate celindric flexable branch peduncle which issue from the extremities of the boughs the peduncle of this cherry swells as it approahes the fruit being largest at the point of insertion. the pulp of this fruit is of an agreeable ascid flavour and is now ripe. the style and stigma [8] are permanent. I have never seen it in blume.

[Clark]
Thursday 12th August 1806 
I set out early this morning and had not proceeded on far before Shannon discovered he had lost his Tomahk. I derected him to land his Skin Canoe and go back to our Camp of last night in Serch of it, and proceeded on my self with the two wood and one Skin Canoe to a large bottom on the N. E. Side above the head of Jins [ NB: Qu: an ] island [9] and landed to take brackfast as well as to delay untill Shannon & Gibson Should arive. Sent out Shields & Labiech to hunt deer in the bottom, at 2 〈a〉 P m. Shannon and gibson arived having found the tomahawk at our camp they killed 3 Elk &c. one of the Canoes of Buffalow Skin by accident got a hole peirced in her of about 6 inches diamuter. I derected two of the men to patch the Canoe with a piece of Elk skin over the hole, which they did and it proved all Sufficient, after which the Canoe did not leak one drop. The two hunters returned without haveing killed any thing. at meridian Capt Lewis hove in Sight with the party which went by way of the Missouri as well as that which accompanied him from Travellers rest on Clarks river ; I was alarmed on the landing of the Canoes to be informed that Capt. Lewis was wounded by an accident—. I found him lying in the Perogue, he informed me that his wound was slight and would be well in 20 or 30 days this information relieved me very much. I examined the wound and found it a very bad flesh wound the ball had passed through the fleshey part of his left thy below the hip bone and cut the cheek of the right buttock for 3 inches in length and the debth of the ball. Capt L. informed me the accident happened the day before by one of the men Peter Crusat misstakeig him in the thick bushes to be an Elk. Capt Lewis with this Crusat and Several other men were out in the bottom Shooting of Elk, and had Scattered in a thick part of the woods in pursute of the Elk. Crusat Seeing Capt L. passing through the bushes and takeing him to be an Elk from the Colour of his Cloathes which were of leather and very nearly that of the Elk fired and unfortunately the ball passed through the thy as aforesaid. Capt Lewis thinking it indians who had Shot him hobbled to the canoes as fast as possible and was followered by Crusat , the mistake was then discovered. This Crusat is near Sighted and has the use of but one eye, he is an attentive industerous man and one whome we both have placed the greatest Confidence in dureing the whole route.— After Capt. Lewis and my Self parted at Travellers rest , [10] he with the Indians proceeded down the West Side of Clarks river Seven miles and crossed on rafts 2 miles below the East fork 120 yards wide, after Crossing the river he proceeded up the North Side of the east fork and encampd. here the Indians left him and proceeded down Clarks river in Serch of the 
 Tushepaws . an Indian man Came up with Cap L. from the W. of the mountains and proceeded on with those who had accompanied us. Capt. L. proceeded up the E. fork of Clarks river 17 ms. to the enterance of Cokahlarishkit river or the river to buffalow , he proceeded up on the North Side of this river which is 60 yards wide crossing Several Small Streams and the N. fork, and passing over part of the dividing mountain onto the waters of Deabourns river in the plains and in a Derection to the N. extremity of Easte range of rocky mountains which pass the Missouri at the pine Island Rapid . from thence he bore his Course to the N E untill he Struck Meadcin river near where that river Enters the rocky Mts. and proceeded down Medicine river to the Missouri at the white bear Islands at the upper part of the portage. this rout is a very good one tho not the most derect rout, the most derect rout would be to proceed up the Missouri above Dearborns river and take a right hand road & fall on a South branch of the Cokatlarishkit R. and proceed down that river to the main road but the best rout would be from the falls of the Missouri by fort mountain and passing the N. extremity of that range of the Rocky Mountains which pass the Missouri at the pine Island rapid Course nearly S. W. and to the gap through which the great road passeds the dividing mountain the distance from the falls to this gap about 45 miles through a tolerable leavel plain on an old indian road. and the distance from thence to Clarks river is 105 miles. The total distance from the falls of the Missouri to Clarks river is only 150 miles of a tolerable road— Capt L. arived at the white Bear Islands and encampd. on the West Side of the Missouri and in the morning he discovered that the Indians had taken of Seven of his best horses, drewyer prosued the indians two day's on the rout towards Clarks river . he Saw their camp on Dearborns river near the road on which Capt. Lewis & party Come on a by place where they had left only one or two day at this encampment he Saw great appearanc of horses— on the return of Drewyer 
 Capt L. took Drewyer & the 2 fieldses & proceeded on his intended rout up Marias river leaving Sergt. Gass , Thompson , Frazier , Werner , McNeal & Goodrich at the portage to prepare Geer and repar the wheels & Carrage against the arival of the Canoes and he also left 4 horses for the purpose of hauling the Canoes across. The Canoes arrived on the 16th, and on the 26th they had all except one across, the Plains becom So muddy from the emence rains which had fallen, that they Could not get her over the portage. on the 28th they joined Capt Lewis at the Grog Spring a fiew miles above the enterance of Marias river —. From the Falls of Missouri 
 Capt. L. proceeded on with Drewyer & the 2 fieldses Courss [11] 
 17th July 
 N. 10° W. 
 20 
 miles from the Great falls of the Missouri to rose river through
an open fertile plain. 
 18th July 
 N. 25° W. 
 7 
 miles to the Sourse of Buffalow Creek , passing a dividing ridge
dividing the waters of Mairias river from rose river at 6
miles Country hilly &c. 
 N. 15° W. 
 12 
 Miles down Buffalow Creek here the timber Commences
Creek 25 Yds wide no running water. 
 North 
 5 
 miles to Marias river 130 yards wide 3 feet deep. here Capt
Lewis encamped the 18th July 1806 
 N. 80° W. 
 20 
 miles up Marias river on its North Side passed a large Creek
on the South Side with Some timber in it's vally at 8 miles also
another large Creek on the N. Side at 15 miles 30 yards wide
with but little water—. 
 July 20th 
 S. 80° W. 
 28 
 Miles with the river in it's course upwds. on it's N. Side river
120 yds wide, passed a Creek on South Side at 6 miles, one
at 22 miles on the N. Side the last has no water, Some little
timber, the genl. course of this river is very Streight its vally
½ m. wide. 
 July 21st 
 S. 80° W. 
 15 
 Miles to the forks of the river the Main Southern branch bears
S. 75° W. about 30 miles to the rocky Mountains . 
 N. 40° W. 
 6 
 miles up the North branch 30 yds wd. confined close between
clifts of rocks, Shallow, rapid and not navagable. 
 N. 25° W. 
 7 
 Miles up the North fork, hills broken & pore. 
 N. 30° W. 
 7 
 M. up the river, water transparent. 
 S. 80° W. 
 10 
 M. through the plains the river maeking a considerable bend
to the right or N W. 
 S. 75° W. 
 11 
 M. through the plains on the N. Side of the river which here
made a considerable bend to the left or S. haveing passed the
river twice. 
here Capt Lewis Continued the 23rd 24th & 25th of July to make Some celestial observations but the weather proved So Cloudy that he only made the following observations on the 23rd of July 〈which gave〉 
 Observed Meridian Altd. of ☉'s L. L. with Octant by
the 
 } 
 62° 00' 00" 
 back observation— 
 Latitude deduced from this observation [ blank ] 
 observed equal altitudes of the Sun with the Sextant. 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 h 
 m 
 s 
 A M 
 7 
 40 
 57 
 P M 
 4 
 32 
 40 
 } 
 Altitude of ☉
56° 8' 45" 
 " 
 42 
 30 
 " 
 33 
 13 
 " 
 43 
 5 
 " 
 34 
 43 
On the 26th of July Capt Lewis Set out on his return to the enterance of Marias river to meet with the party with, the Canoes from the falls. his course was through the plains. 
S. E. 5 Miles— passing a Small Creek from the mts— 
S. 70° E. 9 Miles to a principal branch of Marias River 65 yards wide not very deep at 7 mile. this last branch is Shallow and rapid about the Size of the former from the 〈N W〉 S W. both of those Streams Contain a great preportion of timber— here we find the 3 Specis of Cotton before mentioned 
N 80° E. 4 miles down Marias river and met with 8 Indians of the Blackfoot nation with about 30 horses, those Indians professed friendship and Set out with him and encamped together the night of the 26th of July, thy informed him that there was two large bands of their nation in that quarter one of which would be at the enterance of Marias river in a fiew days. they also informed that a french Trader was with one of those bands, that they traded with the white people on the Suskashwen River at 6 easy days march or about 150 miles distant from whome they precured Guns Powder Lead blankets &c. in exchange for wolf and beaver Skins. Capt Lewis gave them a Flag Meadel & Handkerchief Capt. L. informed those Indians where he was from & where he had been and his objects & friendly views &c. of which they appeared to be well Satisfied. 
"on the morning of the 27th at day light the indians got up and crouded around the fire, Jo. Field who was on post had carelessly laid his gun down behind him near where his brother was Sleeping. one of the Indians Slipd. behind him and took his gun and that of his brother unperceived by him, at the Same instant two others advanced and Seized the guns of Drewyer and Capt Lewis who were yet asleep. Jo. Fields Seeing this turned about to take his gun and Saw the fellow running off with his and his brothers, he called to his brother who instantly jumped up and prosued the indian with him whome they overtook at the distance of 50 or 60 paces Siezed their guns and rested them from him and R. Field as he Seized his gun Stabed the indian to the heart with his knif who fell dead; (this Cap L. did not know untill Some time after.[)] drewyer who awoke at the first alarm jumped up and seized & rested his gun from the indian &c. Capt L. awoke and asked what was the matter Seeing Drewyer in a Scuffle for his gun he turned to get his gun and found her gorn, he drew a pistol from his holsters and prosued the Indian whom he Saw in possession of his gun making off he presented the pistol and the indian lay down the gun. the two Fields Came up and drew up to Shoot the Indian which Capt L. forbid the indians then attempted to drive off all the horses. Capt L. derected the men to fire on them if they attempted to drive off the horses, and prosued two fellows who Continued to drive of his horses he Shot the indian who had taken his gun and then in possession of his horse through the belly, he fell and raised on his elbow and fired at Capt L. the other made his escape into a nitch out of Sight with his bow and arrows and as Capt L. guns was empty and he without his Shot pouch he returnd. to the Camp where the 2 fields and Drewyer joind him having prosued the indians across the river the were now in possession of the most of their own as well as the indian horses and a gun Several bows & arrows and all the indians baggage the gun & Some feathers and flag they took and burnt all the 〈rest〉 other articles. and Saddled up a many of the best horses as they wished with Some Spear horses, and Set out for to intersept the party at Marias river and proceded on a little to the S. of East 112 Miles to the Missouri at the Grog Spring . here they met with Canoes and party decending joined them leaving their horses on the river bank, and proceeded on to the enterance of Marias river opened the deposits, found Several articles damaged. 3 Beaver traps could not be found, the red perogue unfit for Service, from thenc they proceeded without delay to the River Rochejhone See cources of Capt Lewis rout in next book.["] [12] 
at 2 P. M. Shannon & Gibson arived in the Skin Canoe with the Skins and the greater part of the flesh of 3 Elk which they had killed a fiew miles above. the two men Dixon & Handcock the two men we had met above came down intending to proceed on down with us to the Mandans . at 3 P M we proceded on all together 〈after〉 having left the 2 leather Canoes on the bank. a little below the enterance of 〈Jos〉 Shabonos Creek we Came too on a large Sand point from the S. E. Side and Encamped. [13] the wind blew very hard from the S W. and Some rain. I washed Capt L. wound which has become Sore and Somewhat painfull to him.

======== 1806-08-13  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-13 ========

[Clark]
〈 Wednesday 〉 Friday 13th August 1806 [ EC: Friday correct ] 
the last night was very Cold with a Stiff breeze from the N. W. all hands were on board and we Set out at Sunrize and proceeded on very well with a Stiff breeze astern the greater part of the day. passed the enterance of the Little Missouri river at 8 A. M. and arived at the Enterance of Myry river at Sun Set and encamped on the N E Side [1] haveing came by the assistance of the wind, the Current and our oars 86 miles. below the little bason 
 [2] I with Drewyer walked through the N. E. point. we Saw an Elk and Several deer. Drewyer wounded the Elk but could not get him. I joined the perogus & party again the bend below and proceeded on. Some indians were Seen in a Skin Canoe below, they were decending from an old Camp of theirs on the S. W. Side, those I suppose to be Some of the Minetaras who had been up on a hunting expedition, one Canoe was left at their Camp. we had not proceeded far before I discovered two indians on a high hill. nothing very remarkable took place. the Misquetors are not So troublesom this evening as they have been. the air is cool &c.

======== 1806-08-14  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-14 ========

[Clark]
Thursday [ X: Saturday ] 14th August 1806 
 [1] 
Set out at Sunrise and proceeded on. when we were opposit the Minetares Grand Village [2] we Saw a number of the Nativs viewing of we derected the Blunderbuses fired Several times, Soon after we Came too at a Croud of the nativs on the bank opposit the Village of the Shoe Indians or 
 Mah-har-ha's 
 at which place I saw the principal Chief of the Little Village of the Menitarre 
 [3] & the principal Chief of the 
 Mah-har-has . 
 [4] those people were extreamly pleased to See us. the Chief of the little Village of the Menetarias cried most imoderately, I enquired the Cause and was informed it was for the loss of his Son who had been killed latterly by the Blackfoot Indians . after a delay of a fiew minits I proceeded on to the 
 black Cats 
 [ NB: Mandan 
 ] Village [5] on the N. E. Side of the Missouri where I intended to Encamp but the Sand blew in Such a manner that we deturmined not to continu on that Side but return to the Side we had left. here we were visited by all the inhabitants of this village [6] who appeared equally as well pleased to See us as those above. I walked up to the Black Cats village & eate some Simnins [7] with him, and Smoked a pipe this Village I discovered had been rebuilt Since I left it and much Smaller than it was; on enquirey into the Cause was informed that a quarrel had taken place and [ NB: a number of ] [8] Lodges had removed to the opposd Side. I had Soon as I landed despatched Shabono to the Minetarras inviting the Chiefs to visit us, & Drewyer down to the lower Village of the Mandans 
 [9] to ask Mr. Jessomme 
 [10] to Come and enterpret for us. Mr. Jessomme arived and I spoke to the chiefs of the Village [11] informing them that we Spoke to them as we had done when we were with them last and we now repeeted our envitation to the principal Chiefs of all the Villages to accompany us and to the U States &c. &c. the Black Cat Chief of the Mandans , Spoke and informed me that he wished to Visit the United States and his Great Father but was afraid of the 
 Scioux 
 who were yet at war with them and had killed Several of their men Since we had left them, and were on the river below and would Certainly kill 〈this〉 him if he attempted to go down. I indeavered to do away with his objections by informig him that we would not Suffer those indians to hurt any of our red Children who Should think proper to accompany us, and on their return they would be equally protected, and their presents which would be very liberal, with themselves, Conveyed to their own Country at the expence of the U. States &c. &c. The chief promised us Some corn tomorrow. after the Council I directed the Canoes to cross the river to a brook opposit where we Should be under the wind and in a plain where we would be Clear of musquetors & [12] after Crossing the Chief of the 
 Mah har has 
 told me if I would Send with him he would let me have some corn. I directed Sergt Gass & 2 men to accompany him to his Village, they Soon returned loaded with Corn. the Chief and his wife also came down. I gave his wife a fiew Needles &c.— The great Chif of all the Menitarres 
 the one eye 
 [13] Came to Camp also Several other Chiefs of the different Villages. I assembled all the Chiefs on a leavel Spot on the band and Spoke to them & see next book. [14]

======== 1806-08-15  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-15 ========

[Clark]
Thursday August 15th 1806 Continued Mandans Vilg [1] 
after assembling the Chiefs and Smokeing one pipe, I informed them that I Still Spoke the Same words which we had Spoken to them when we first arived in their Country in the fall of 1804. we then envited them to visit their great father the president of the U. States and to hear 〈their〉 his own Councils and receive his Gifts from his own hands as also See the population [2] of a government which Can at their pleasure protect and Secur you from all your enimies, and chastize all those who will Shut their years to 〈their〉 his Councils. we now offer to take you at the expense of our Government and Send you back to your Country again with a considerable present 〈of〉 in merchendize which you will recive of your great Father. I urged the necessity of their going on with us as it would be the means of hastening those Supples of Merchindize which would be Sent to their Country and exchanged as before mentioned for a moderate price in Pelteries and furs &c. the great Chief of the Menetaras Spoke, he Said he wished to go down and See his great father very much, but that the Scioux were in the road and would most certainly kill him or any others who Should go down they were bad people and would not listen to any thing which was told them. when 〈we〉 he Saw us last we told him that we had made peaace with all the nations below, Since that time the Seioux had killed 8 of their people and Stole a number of their horses. he Said that he had opened his ears and followed our Councils, he had made peace with the Chyennes and rocky mountains indians, and repieted the same objecctions as mentioned. that he went to war against none and was willing to receive all nations as friends. he Said that the Ricaras had Stolen from his people a number of horses at different times and his people had killed 2 Ricaras . if the Sieoux were at peace with them and Could be depended on he as also other Chiefs of the villages would be glad to go and See their great father, but as they were all afraid of the Sieoux they Should not go down &c. 
The Black Cat 〈sent〉 Chief of the Mandans Village on the North Side of the Missouri Sent over and requested me to go over to his village which envertation I axceptd and crossed over to his village. he had a parcel of Corn about 12 bushuls in a pile in his lodge. he told me that his people had but little corn part of which they had given me. after takeing a Smoke he informed me that as the Sieoux were very troublesom and the road to his great father dangerous none of this village would go down with us. I told the Cheifs and wariers of the village who were there present that we were anxious that Some of the village Should go and See their great father and hear his good words & recve his bountifull gifts &c. and told them to pitch on Some Man on which they could rely on and send him to See their Great father, they made the Same objections which the Chief had done before. a young man offered to go down, and they all agreeed for him to go down the charector of this young man I knew as a bad one and made an objection as to his age and Chareckter at this time Gibson who was with me informed me that this young man had Stole his knife and had it then in his possession, this I informed the Chief and directed him to give up the knife he delivered the knife with a very faint apology for his haveing it in his possession. I then reproached those people for wishing to Send Such a man to See and hear the words of So great a man as their great father; they hung their heads and Said nothing for Some time when the Cheif Spoke and Said that they were afraid to Send any one for fear of their being killed by the Sieux . after Smoking a pipe and relateing Some passages I recrossed to our Camp—. [3] being informed by one of our enterpreters that the 2d Chief of the Mandans Comonly Called the little Crow 
 [4] intended to accompany us down, I took Charbono and walked to the Village to See this Chief and talk with him on the Subject. he told me he had deturmined to go down, but wished to have a council first with his people which would be in the after part of the day. I smoked a pipe with the little Crow and returned to the boat. Colter one of our men expressed a desire to join Some trappers [ NB: the two Illinois Men we met, & who now came down to us ] who offered to become Shearers with and furnish traps &c. the offer a very advantagious one, to him, his Services Could be dispenced with from this down and as we were disposed to be of Service to any one of our party who had performed their duty as well as Colter had done, we agreed to allow him the prvilage provided no one of the party would ask or expect a Similar permission to which they all agreeed that they wished Colter every Suckcess and that as we did not wish any of them to Seperate untill we Should arive at St. Louis they would not apply or expect it &c. [5] The Maharha Chief brought us Some Corn, as did also the Chief of the little village of the Menetarras on mules of which they have Several. [ NB: bought from the Crow Inds. who get or Steal them from the Spaniards ] [6] The evening is Cool and windy. great number of the nativs of the different villages Came to view us and exchange robes with our men for their Skins— we gave Jo Colter Some Small articles which we did not want and Some powder & lead. the party also gave him Several articles which will be usefull to him on his expedittion.— This evening Charbono informed me that our back was scercely turned before a war party from the two menetarry villages followed on and attacked and killed the Snake Indians whome we had Seen and in the engagement between them and the Snake indians they had lost two men one of which was the Son of the principal Chief of the little village of the menitarras . [7] that they had also went to war from the Menetarras and killeld two Ricaras . he further informed me that a missunderstanding had taken place between the Mandans & minetarras and had verry nearly come to blows about a woman, the Mintarres at length presented a pipe and a reconsilliation took place between them

======== 1806-08-18  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-18 ========

[Clark]
Monday 18th August 1806. 
moderate rain last night, the wind of this morning from the S. E. as to cause the water to be So rough that we Could not proceed on untill 8 a. m. at which time it fell a little & we proceeded on tho' the waves were yet high and the wind Strong. Saw Several Indians on either Side of the river. at 9 A. M. I saw an Indian running down the beech and appd. to be anxious to Speak to us I derected the Canoes to land. this Indian proved to be the brother of the Chief we had on board and Came down from his Camp at no great distance to take his leave of his brother. the Chief gave him a par of Legins and took an effectunate leave of his brother and we procedeed on haveing previously Sent on 2 canoes with hunters to kill Some meat at 2 P. M we overtook the Canoe hunters, they had killed three deer which was divided and we halted and Cooked Some dinner on the Sandbar. wind Still high and from the Same point. The Chief pointed out Several places where he Said 〈their〉 his nation formerly lived and related Some extroadinary Stories of their tredition. after Dinner we proceeded on, to a point on the N E. Side opposit the remains of an old Mandan village a little below the enterance of 
 Chiss-che-tor River and the place we Encamped as we assended this river 20th of October 1804 haveing come 40 miles to day. [1] after landing which was a little before night the hunters run out into the bottom and Killed four deer. The winds blew hard from the S. E. all day which retarded our progress very much after the fires were made I set my self down with the big white man Chiefe and made a number of enquiries into the tredition of his nation as well as the time of their inhabiting the number of Villages the remains of which we see on different parts of the river, as also the cause of their evacuation. he told me his nation first Came out of the ground where they had a great village. a grape vine grew down through the Earth to their village and they Saw light Some of their people assended by the grape vine upon the earth, and Saw Buffalow and every kind of animal also Grapes plumbs &c. they gathered Some grapes & took down the vine to the village, and they tasted and found them good, and deturmined to go up and live upon the earth, and great numbers climbed the vine and got upon earth men womin and children. [2] at length a large big bellied woman in climbing broke the vine and fell and all that were left in the Village below has remained there ever Since (The Mandans beleive when they die that they return to this village) Those who were left on earth made a village on the river below and were very noumerous &c. he Said that he was born [ NB: about 40 years ] in the Village Opposit to our Camp and at that time his nation inhabited 7 villages as large as that and were full of people, the Sieoux and Small pox killed the greater part of them and made them So weak that all that were left only made two Small villages when Collected, which were built near the old Ricaras village above. their troubles with the Scioux & Pawnees or Ricaras Compelled them to move and build a village where they now live. 
[ NB: Qu: ] he Said that the Menitarras Came out of the water to the East and Came to this Country and built a village near the mandans from whome they got Corn beens &c. they were very noumerous and resided in one village a little above this place on the opposit Side. they quarreled about a buffalow, and two bands left the village and went into the plains, (those two bands are now known bye the title Pounch , and Crow Indians.[)] [3] the ballance of the Menetaras moved their village to where it now Stands where they have lived ever Since— [4] 
[ NB: The Village of the Mandans on the North East side was formed of two villages formerly lived on the East side opposite the 7. War & Small pox reduced them to one vill. which crossed & joined the 2 vills. near ricaras (having first settled (before the 〈two〉 7 came into 2) on East Side—[)] Then this moved with the 2 to where they now live, So that 
 [5] 
 the vills originally was of 9 vills (See Note) ]

======== 1806-08-22  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-22 ========

[Clark]
Friday 22nd August 1806. 
rained all the last night every person and all our bedding wet, the Morning cloudy, at 8 A M. I was requested to go to the Chiefs, I walkd up and he informed me that he Should not go down but would Stay and take Care of the village and prevent the young men from doing rong and Spoke much to the Same porpt of the Grey Eyes , the 2d Chief Spoke to the Same and all they Said was only a repitition of what they had Said before. the Chief gave me some Soft Corn and the 2d Chief Some Tobacco Seed— the Interpreter Garrow 
 [1] informed me that he had been Speeking to the Chiefs & warriers this morning and assured me that they had no intention of going down untill the return of the Cheif who went down last Spring was a year. I told the Cheifs to attend to what we had Said to them, that in a Short time they would find our words tru and Councils good. they promised to attend Strictly to what had been Said to them, and observed that they must trade with the Sieoux one more time to get guns and powder; that they had no guns or powder and had more horses than they had use for, after they got guns and powder that they would never again have any thing to do with them &c. &c. I returned the Canoes & derected the men to prepare to Set out. Some Chyennes from two Lodges on the Main 〈N〉 S E. Shore Came and Smoked with me and at 11 A. M we Set out haveing parted with those people who appeared to be Sorry to part with us. at this nation we found a french man by the name of Rokey 
 [2] who was one of our Engagees as high as the Mandans this man had Spend all his wages, and requested to return with us— we agreed to give him a passage down. I directed 2 guns to be fired. we proceeded on passed the Marapa and the 
 We ter hoo 
 Rivers, [3] 〈to a〉 and landed to dry our bedding and robes &c which were all wet. here we delayed untill 6 P M. and dryed our things which were much Spoiled. 
I derected 5 of the hunters to proceed on to Grouse Island a fiew miles below and hunt on that island untill we arived, we proceded on to the main N E Shore below the Island and encamped, [4] the hunters joined us without any thing. they Saw no game on the island. we made only 17 Mies to day. below the ricaras the river widens and the Sand bars are emencely noumerous much less timber in the bottoms than above—. 
The Chyenne's 
 [5] are portly Indians much the complections of the Mandans & ricaras high Cheeks, Streight limbed & high noses the men are large, their dress in Sumner is Simpelly a roab of a light buffalow Skin with or without the hair and a Breach clout & mockerson Some ware leagins and mockersons, their ornaments are but fiew and those are composed principally of Such articles as they precure from other indians Such as blue beeds, Shell, red paint rings of brass broaches &c. they also ware Bears Claws about their necks, Strips of otter Skin (which they as well as the ricaras are excessively fond of) around their neck falling back behind. their ears are cut at the lower part, but fiew of them were ornements in them, their hair is generally Cut in the forehead above their eyes and Small ornimented plats in front of each Sholder the remainder of the hair is either twisted in with horse 〈of〉 or buffalow hair divided into two plats over the Sholder or what is most common flow's back, Their women are homely, corse feetured wide mouthes they ware 〈on〉 Simpially a leathe habit made in a plain form of two pieces of equal length and equal weadth, which is sewen together with Sinues from the tail to about half way from the hip to the arm, a String fastens the 2 pieces together over the Sholders leaveng a flap or lapells which fall over near half way ther body both before and behind. those dresses usially fall as low as mid leg, they are frequently ornemented with beeds and Shells & Elk tuskes of which 〈they〉 all Indians are very fond of. those dresses are als frequently Printed 〈into〉 in various regular figures with hot sticks which are rubed on the leather with Such velosity as to nearly burn it this is very handsom. they were their hair flowing and are excessively fond of ornimenting their ears with blue beeds— this nation peacbly disposed they may be estimated at from 350 to 400 men inhabetig from 130 [120?] to 150 Lodges, they are rich in horses & Dogs, the dogs Carry a great preportion of their light baggage. they Confess to be at war with no nation except the Sieoux with whome they have ever since their remembranc been on a difencive war, with the Bands of Sieoux . as I was about to leave the Cheifs of the Chyennes lodge he requested me to Send Some traders to them, that their country was full of beaver and they would then be encouraged to Kill beaver, [6] but now they had no use for them as they could get nothing for their skins and did not know well, how to catch beaver. if the white people would come amongst them they would become acquainted 〈with them〉 and the white people would learn them how to take the beaver—. I promised the Nation that I would inform their Great father the President of the U States, and he would have them Supplied with goods, and mentioned in what manner they would be Supplied &c. &c.— 
I am happy to have it in my power to Say that my worthy friend Capt Lewis is recovering fast, he walked a little to day for the first time. I have discontinud the tent in the hole the ball came out— 
I have before mentioned that the Mandans 
 Maharhas 
 Menetarras & Ricarras , keep their horses in the Lodge with themselves at night.

======== 1806-08-27  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-08-27 ========

[Clark]
Wednesday 27th Augt. 1806 
Set out before Sunrise a Stiff breeze a head from the East proceeded to the enterance of Tylors river on the S W Side and landed on a Sand bar and Sent out the hunters to kill Some meat, our Stock of meat being now exousted and this the most favourable place to precure a fresh Supply, the hunters returned in 3 hours without haveing killed any thing. they informed me that the bottoms were entirely beaten up and the grass laid flat by the emence number of Buffalow which had been here a Short time past. the deer had left the bottom. they Saw several Buffalow Bulls which they did not think proper to kill as they were unfit for use. here we discover the first Signs of the wild turkey. [1] at 1 P M we halted in the big bend 
 [2] and killed a fat buck elk near the river, which was very timely as our meat was entirely exhosted. at 2 P. M we again proceeded on down saw Several Buffalow Bulls on each Side of the river also Some deer of the Common kind. [3] at 6 P. M. we herd the bellowing of the Buffalow Bulls in the lower Isld. of the Big bend below the Gouge [4] which induced a belief that there was Some fat Cows, 5 men went out from the 2 Small Canoes which was a little a head, and killed two Cows one Bull and a Calf nether of them wer fat we droped the Perogue & Canoes to the lower part of the Island near to where the buffalow was killed and incamped haveing Come 45 Miles only to day. had the buffalow butched and brought in and divided. My friend Capt Lewis hurt himself very much be takeing a longer walk on the Sand bar in my absence at the buffalow than he had Strength to undergo, which Caused him to remain very unwell all night.

======== 1806-09-03  https://lewisandclarkjournals.unl.edu/item/lc.jrn.1806-09-03 ========

[Clark]
Wednesday 3rd of September 1806 
Wind Continued to blow very hard this morning. it Shifted last night to the S. W. and blew the Sand over us in Such a manner as to render the after part of the night very disagreeable. the wind luled a little and we Set out and proceeded on with the wind a head passed the enterance of redstone River 
 [1] on the N E. Side at 11 A M. and at half past 4 P. M we Spied two boats [2] & Several men, our party peyed their Ores and we Soon landed on the Side of the Boats the men of these boats Saluted us with their Small arms I landed & was met by a Mr. James Airs 
 [3] from Mackanaw by way of Prarie Dechien and St. Louis . this Gentleman is of the house of Dickson & Co: of Prarie de Chian who has a Licence to trade for one year with the Sieoux he has 2 Batteaux loaded with Merchendize for that purpose. This Gentleman receved both Capt. Lewis and my Self with every mark of friendship he was himself at the time with a chill of the agu on him which he has had for Several days. our first enquirey was after the President of our country and then our friends and the State of the politicks of our country &c. and the State Indian affairs to all of which enquireys Mr. Aires gave us as Satisfactory information as he had it in his power to have Collected in the Illinois which was not a great deel. soon after we Landed a violent Storm of Thunder Lightning and rain from the N W. which was violent with hard Claps of thunder and Sharp Lightning which continued untill 10 P M after which the wind blew hard. I set up late and partook of the tent of Mr. Aires which was dry. Mr. Aires unfortunately had his boat Sunk on the 25 of July last by a violent Storm of Wind and hail by which accident he lost the most of his usefull articles as he informed. us. this Gentleman informed us of maney Changes & misfortunes which had taken place in the Illinois amongst others the loss of Mr. Cady Choteaus house and furniture by fire. [4] for this misfortune of our friend Choteaus I feel my Self very much Concernd &c. he also informed us that Genl. Wilkinson 
 [5] was the governor of the Louisiana and at St. Louis . 300 of the american Troops had been Contuned on the Missouri a fiew miles above it's mouth, Some disturbance with the Spaniards in the Nackatosh Country 
 [6] is the Cause of their being Called down to that Country, the Spaniards had taken one of the U, States frigates in the Mediteranean, [7] Two British Ships of the line had fired on an American Ship in the port of New York , and killed the Capts. brother. [8] 2 Indians had been hung in St. Louis for murder and several others in jale. [9] and that Mr. Burr & genl. Hambleton fought a Duel, the latter was killed &c. &c. [10] I am happy to find that my worthy friend Capt L's is so well as to walk about with ease to himself &c., we made 60 Miles to day the river much crowded with Sand bars, which are very differently Situated from what they were when we went up.
